free	pronoun	hbs	prpers	pronoun	slv
clitic	pronoun	hbs	prpers	pronoun	slv
clitic	pronoun	hbs	prpers	pronoun	slv
free	pronoun	hbs	sebe	pronoun	slv
clitic	pronoun	hbs	sebe	pronoun	slv
svoj	pronoun	hbs	svoj	pronoun	slv
sav	pronoun	hbs	ves	pronoun	slv
sav	pronoun	hbs	vse	pronoun	slv
sav	pronoun	hbs	vse	pronoun	slv
sve	pronoun	hbs	ves	pronoun	slv
sve	pronoun	hbs	vse	pronoun	slv
njezin	pronoun	hbs	njen	pronoun	slv
oba	numeral	hbs	oba	pronoun	slv
njegov	pronoun	hbs	njegov	pronoun	slv
njihov	pronoun	hbs	njihov	pronoun	slv
njihov	pronoun	hbs	njun	pronoun	slv
taj	pronoun	hbs	ta	pronoun	slv
taj	pronoun	hbs	tale	pronoun	slv
onaj	pronoun	hbs	le-oni	pronoun	slv
ovaj	pronoun	hbs	le-ta	pronoun	slv
ovakav	pronoun	hbs	le-tak	pronoun	slv
takav	pronoun	hbs	le-takšen	pronoun	slv
onaj	pronoun	hbs	le-tisti	pronoun	slv
moj	pronoun	hbs	moj	pronoun	slv
tvoj	pronoun	hbs	tvoj	pronoun	slv
njen	pronoun	hbs	njen	pronoun	slv
naš	pronoun	hbs	naš	pronoun	slv
naš	pronoun	hbs	najin	pronoun	slv
vaš	pronoun	hbs	vaš	pronoun	slv
vaš	pronoun	hbs	vajin	pronoun	slv
tko	pronoun	hbs	kdo	pronoun	slv
tko	pronoun	hbs	kdor	pronoun	slv
što	pronoun	hbs	kaj	pronoun	slv
što	pronoun	hbs	kar	pronoun	slv
oboje	pronoun	hbs	oboje	pronoun	slv
koji	pronoun	hbs	kateri	pronoun	slv
koji	pronoun	hbs	kateri	pronoun	slv
kakav	pronoun	hbs	kakšen	pronoun	slv
kakav	pronoun	hbs	kakršen	pronoun	slv
kakav	pronoun	hbs	kak	pronoun	slv
kako	adverb	hbs	kak	pronoun	slv
koliko	pronoun	hbs	kolik	pronoun	slv
toliko	adverb	hbs	tolik	pronoun	slv
nekako	adverb	hbs	nekak	pronoun	slv
čiji	pronoun	hbs	čigav	pronoun	slv
čiji	pronoun	hbs	čigar	pronoun	slv
jedan	numeral	hbs	en	pronoun	slv
koliki	pronoun	hbs	kolikšen	pronoun	slv
koliki	pronoun	hbs	kolikšen	pronoun	slv
koliki	pronoun	hbs	kolik	pronoun	slv
koliki	pronoun	hbs	kolik	pronoun	slv
koliko	pronoun	hbs	koliko	pronoun	slv
koliko	pronoun	hbs	koliko	pronoun	slv
koliko	pronoun	hbs	kolikor	pronoun	slv
koliko god	adverb	hbs	kolikor	pronoun	slv
netko	pronoun	hbs	nekdo	pronoun	slv
itko	pronoun	hbs	vsakdo	pronoun	slv
ikako	adverb	hbs	kakorkoli	adverb	slv
bilo tko	pronoun	hbs	kdorkoli	pronoun	slv
mnogo tko	pronoun	hbs	kdorkoli	pronoun	slv
ponešto	pronoun	hbs	nekaj	pronoun	slv
bilo što	pronoun	hbs	karkoli	pronoun	slv
išta	pronoun	hbs	kaj	pronoun	slv
štošta	pronoun	hbs	karkoli	pronoun	slv
nekoji	pronoun	hbs	nekateri	pronoun	slv
neki	pronoun	hbs	nekateri	pronoun	slv
bilo koji	pronoun	hbs	bilokateri	pronoun	slv
ikoji	pronoun	hbs	katerikoli	pronoun	slv
bilo tko	pronoun	hbs	kdor koli	pronoun	slv
pokoji	pronoun	hbs	nekateri	pronoun	slv
neki	pronoun	hbs	nek	pronoun	slv
poneki	pronoun	hbs	nekateri	pronoun	slv
nekakav	pronoun	hbs	nekak	pronoun	slv
nekakav	pronoun	hbs	nekakšen	pronoun	slv
kojekakav	pronoun	hbs	nekakšen	pronoun	slv
ponečiji	pronoun	hbs	nekateri	pronoun	slv
ikoliki	pronoun	hbs	kolik	pronoun	slv
nikoji	pronoun	hbs	nobeden	pronoun	slv
nikakav	pronoun	hbs	nikakršen	pronoun	slv
nikoliki	pronoun	hbs	nikakršen	pronoun	slv
svatko	pronoun	hbs	vsakdo	pronoun	slv
svašta	pronoun	hbs	marsikaj	pronoun	slv
svakoji	pronoun	hbs	vsakršen	pronoun	slv
svaki	pronoun	hbs	vsak	pronoun	slv
svaki	pronoun	hbs	vsak	pronoun	slv
svakoliki	pronoun	hbs	vsakršen	pronoun	slv
sav	pronoun	hbs	ves	pronoun	slv
ovaj	pronoun	hbs	ta	pronoun	slv
ovakav	pronoun	hbs	tak	pronoun	slv
takav	pronoun	hbs	takšen	pronoun	slv
takav	pronoun	hbs	takle	pronoun	slv
tolik	pronoun	hbs	tolik	pronoun	slv
onaj	pronoun	hbs	tisti	pronoun	slv
onakav	pronoun	hbs	takšen	pronoun	slv
onolik	pronoun	hbs	tolikšen	pronoun	slv
nešto	pronoun	hbs	nekaj	pronoun	slv
ništa	pronoun	hbs	nič	pronoun	slv
koješta	pronoun	hbs	katerikoli	pronoun	slv
ikakav	pronoun	hbs	kakršenkoli	pronoun	slv
bilo kakav	pronoun	hbs	kakršenkoli	pronoun	slv
ičiji	pronoun	hbs	katerikoli	pronoun	slv
svakakav	pronoun	hbs	kakršenkoli	pronoun	slv
ovolik	pronoun	hbs	tolik	pronoun	slv
svačiji	pronoun	hbs	vsakogaršnji	pronoun	slv
drugačiji	adjective	hbs	drugačen	pronoun	slv
nitko	pronoun	hbs	nihče	pronoun	slv
nijedan	adjective	hbs	noben	pronoun	slv
gdjekoji	pronoun	hbs	katerikoli	pronoun	slv
nečiji	pronoun	hbs	od nekoga	pronoun	slv
ničiji	pronoun	hbs	od nobenega	pronoun	slv
mnogi	adjective	hbs	marsikateri	pronoun	slv
mnogi	adjective	hbs	marsikdo	pronoun	slv
pos	adjective	hbs	pos	adjective	slv
glede	adverb	hbs	glede	adverb	slv
s obzirom na	adverb	hbs	glede na	adverb	slv
gdje	adverb	hbs	kjer	adverb	slv
gdje	adverb	hbs	kje	adverb	slv
tako	adverb	hbs	tako	adverb	slv
jučer	adverb	hbs	včeraj	adverb	slv
zatim	adverb	hbs	potem	adverb	slv
brzo	adverb	hbs	hitro	adverb	slv
uvijek	adverb	hbs	vedno	adverb	slv
zajedno	adverb	hbs	skupaj	adverb	slv
jako	adverb	hbs	zelo	adverb	slv
toplo	adverb	hbs	toplo	adverb	slv
danas	adverb	hbs	danes	adverb	slv
dobro	adverb	hbs	dobro	adverb	slv
blizu	adverb	hbs	blizu	adverb	slv
blisko	adverb	hbs	blizu	adverb	slv
vani	adverb	hbs	zunaj	adverb	slv
onda	adverb	hbs	zato	adverb	slv
onda	adverb	hbs	potem	adverb	slv
sada	adverb	hbs	sedaj	adverb	slv
uokolo	adverb	hbs	okoli	adverb	slv
kamo	adverb	hbs	kam	adverb	slv
naravno	adverb	hbs	naravno	adverb	slv
nikad	adverb	hbs	nikoli	adverb	slv
možda	adverb	hbs	mogoče	adverb	slv
vjerojatno	adverb	hbs	verjetno	adverb	slv
polako	adverb	hbs	počasi	adverb	slv
tamo	adverb	hbs	tam	adverb	slv
posvuda	adverb	hbs	povsod	adverb	slv
opet	adverb	hbs	ponovno	adverb	slv
pažljivo	adverb	hbs	pazljivo	adverb	slv
sad	adverb	hbs	sedaj	adverb	slv
još	adverb	hbs	še	adverb	slv
čak	adverb	hbs	celo	adverb	slv
odveć	adverb	hbs	preveč	adverb	slv
još uvijek	adverb	hbs	še vedno	adverb	slv
rano	adverb	hbs	rano	adverb	slv
rodno	adverb	hbs	rodno	adverb	slv
čudnovato	adverb	hbs	čudaško	adverb	slv
lijeno	adverb	hbs	leno	adverb	slv
pošteno	adverb	hbs	pošteno	adverb	slv
slano	adverb	hbs	slano	adverb	slv
labavo	adverb	hbs	ohlapno	adverb	slv
humano	adverb	hbs	humano	adverb	slv
miroljubivo	adverb	hbs	miroljubno	adverb	slv
neuobičajeno	adverb	hbs	nenavadno	adverb	slv
neuobičajeno	adverb	hbs	neobičajno	adverb	slv
neredovito	adverb	hbs	neredno	adverb	slv
nezadovoljno	adverb	hbs	nezadovoljno	adverb	slv
smisleno	adverb	hbs	pomenljivo	adverb	slv
redovito	adverb	hbs	redno	adverb	slv
tajanstveno	adverb	hbs	skrivnostno	adverb	slv
upotrebljivo	adverb	hbs	uporabno	adverb	slv
autohtono	adverb	hbs	avtohtono	adverb	slv
šareno	adverb	hbs	barvito	adverb	slv
dostojanstveno	adverb	hbs	dostojno	adverb	slv
nepotpuno	adverb	hbs	nepopolno	adverb	slv
neprimjereno	adverb	hbs	neprimerno	adverb	slv
nestrpljivo	adverb	hbs	nestrpno	adverb	slv
nevidljivo	adverb	hbs	nevidno	adverb	slv
orijentirano	adverb	hbs	orientirano	adverb	slv
oholo	adverb	hbs	ošabno	adverb	slv
pregledno	adverb	hbs	pregledano	adverb	slv
nadmeno	adverb	hbs	prevzetno	adverb	slv
marljivo	adverb	hbs	prizadevno	adverb	slv
popustljivo	adverb	hbs	prizanesljivo	adverb	slv
prostrano	adverb	hbs	prostorno	adverb	slv
suvremeno	adverb	hbs	sodobno	adverb	slv
srčano	adverb	hbs	srčno	adverb	slv
smisleno	adverb	hbs	tehtno	adverb	slv
veličanstveno	adverb	hbs	veličastno	adverb	slv
vidljivo	adverb	hbs	vidno	adverb	slv
pouzdano	adverb	hbs	zanesljivo	adverb	slv
umjereno	adverb	hbs	zmerno	adverb	slv
dragocjeno	adverb	hbs	dragoceno	adverb	slv
lakomisleno	adverb	hbs	lahkomiselno	adverb	slv
neodređeno	adverb	hbs	nedoločno	adverb	slv
očito	adverb	hbs	očitno	adverb	slv
popustljivo	adverb	hbs	pohlevno	adverb	slv
rječito	adverb	hbs	zgovorno	adverb	slv
jeftino	adverb	hbs	poceni	adverb	slv
iskreno	adverb	hbs	iskreno	adverb	slv
marljivo	adverb	hbs	marljivo	adverb	slv
neumjereno	adverb	hbs	nezmerno	adverb	slv
barokno	adverb	hbs	baročno	adverb	slv
barokno	adverb	hbs	baročno	adverb	slv
masno	adverb	hbs	mastno	adverb	slv
umjetno	adverb	hbs	umetno	adverb	slv
predivno	adverb	hbs	čudovito	adverb	slv
glasno	adverb	hbs	hrupno	adverb	slv
ljubazno	adverb	hbs	ljubeznivo	adverb	slv
nesretno	adverb	hbs	nesrečno	adverb	slv
smiješno	adverb	hbs	smešno	adverb	slv
zahtjevno	adverb	hbs	zahtevno	adverb	slv
akutno	adverb	hbs	akutno	adverb	slv
bitno	adverb	hbs	bistveno	adverb	slv
genijalno	adverb	hbs	genialno	adverb	slv
grozno	adverb	hbs	grozljivo	adverb	slv
zahvalno	adverb	hbs	hvaležno	adverb	slv
inteligentno	adverb	hbs	inteligentno	adverb	slv
kompleksno	adverb	hbs	kompleksno	adverb	slv
kratkotrajno	adverb	hbs	kratkotrajno	adverb	slv
dostupno	adverb	hbs	dostopno	adverb	slv
napredno	adverb	hbs	napredno	adverb	slv
bezopasno	adverb	hbs	neškodljivo	adverb	slv
neosporno	adverb	hbs	nesporno	adverb	slv
nesposobno	adverb	hbs	nesposobno	adverb	slv
nestabilno	adverb	hbs	nestabilno	adverb	slv
nesposobno	adverb	hbs	nezmožno	adverb	slv
otporno	adverb	hbs	odporno	adverb	slv
okretno	adverb	hbs	okretno	adverb	slv
plodno	adverb	hbs	plodno	adverb	slv
nedostatno	adverb	hbs	pomanjkljivo	adverb	slv
popularno	adverb	hbs	popularno	adverb	slv
primitivno	adverb	hbs	primitivno	adverb	slv
plodno	adverb	hbs	rodovitno	adverb	slv
štetno	adverb	hbs	škodljivo	adverb	slv
tajno	adverb	hbs	skrivno	adverb	slv
sposobno	adverb	hbs	sposobno	adverb	slv
strahotno	adverb	hbs	strahotno	adverb	slv
utjecajno	adverb	hbs	vplivno	adverb	slv
glomazno	adverb	hbs	zajetno	adverb	slv
zaslužno	adverb	hbs	zaslužno	adverb	slv
sposobno	adverb	hbs	zmožno	adverb	slv
sočno	adverb	hbs	sočno	adverb	slv
apstraktno	adverb	hbs	abstraktno	adverb	slv
arhaično	adverb	hbs	arhaično	adverb	slv
autoritativno	adverb	hbs	avtoritativno	adverb	slv
bazično	adverb	hbs	bazično	adverb	slv
bijedno	adverb	hbs	bedno	adverb	slv
ratoborno	adverb	hbs	bojevito	adverb	slv
bezumno	adverb	hbs	brezumno	adverb	slv
bučno	adverb	hbs	bučno	adverb	slv
budno	adverb	hbs	budno	adverb	slv
bujno	adverb	hbs	bujno	adverb	slv
centralno	adverb	hbs	centralno	adverb	slv
degenerativno	adverb	hbs	degenerativno	adverb	slv
depresivno	adverb	hbs	depresivno	adverb	slv
dokumentarno	adverb	hbs	dokumentarno	adverb	slv
dugoročno	adverb	hbs	dolgoročno	adverb	slv
dominantno	adverb	hbs	dominantno	adverb	slv
dosljedno	adverb	hbs	dosledno	adverb	slv
jednakomjerno	adverb	hbs	enakomerno	adverb	slv
fleksibilno	adverb	hbs	gibčno	adverb	slv
izvanredno	adverb	hbs	imenitno	adverb	slv
izvorno	adverb	hbs	izvirno	adverb	slv
južno	adverb	hbs	južno	adverb	slv
kvalitetno	adverb	hbs	kakovostno	adverb	slv
nepravedno	adverb	hbs	krivično	adverb	slv
konzervativno	adverb	hbs	konservativno	adverb	slv
lagodno	adverb	hbs	lagodno	adverb	slv
lojalno	adverb	hbs	lojalno	adverb	slv
masivno	adverb	hbs	množično	adverb	slv
mutno	adverb	hbs	motno	adverb	slv
mračno	adverb	hbs	mračno	adverb	slv
dosadno	adverb	hbs	nadležno	adverb	slv
nasilno	adverb	hbs	nasilno	adverb	slv
nedosljedno	adverb	hbs	nedosledno	adverb	slv
neravnomjerno	adverb	hbs	neenakomerno	adverb	slv
neiscrpno	adverb	hbs	neizčrpno	adverb	slv
iscrpno	adverb	hbs	izčrpno	adverb	slv
iscrpno	adverb	hbs	izčrpno	adverb	slv
puteno	adverb	hbs	čutno	adverb	slv
puteno	adverb	hbs	čutno	adverb	slv
puteno	adverb	hbs	čutno	adverb	slv
puteno	adverb	hbs	čutno	adverb	slv
nejasno	adverb	hbs	nejasno	adverb	slv
nekorisno	adverb	hbs	nekoristno	adverb	slv
nenormalno	adverb	hbs	nenormalno	adverb	slv
neukusno	adverb	hbs	neokusno	adverb	slv
neukusno	adverb	hbs	neokusno	adverb	slv
neprimjetno	adverb	hbs	neopazno	adverb	slv
nevažno	adverb	hbs	nepomembno	adverb	slv
nepotrebno	adverb	hbs	nepotrebno	adverb	slv
bezbrižno	adverb	hbs	neprevidno	adverb	slv
neugodno	adverb	hbs	neprijetno	adverb	slv
neprijatno	adverb	hbs	neprijetno	adverb	slv
nerazumno	adverb	hbs	nerazumno	adverb	slv
nerealno	adverb	hbs	nerealno	adverb	slv
nestvarno	adverb	hbs	neresnično	adverb	slv
neslavno	adverb	hbs	neslavno	adverb	slv
nestalno	adverb	hbs	nestalno	adverb	slv
neprofesionalno	adverb	hbs	nestrokovno	adverb	slv
netočno	adverb	hbs	netočno	adverb	slv
nedjelotvorno	adverb	hbs	neučinkovito	adverb	slv
neudobno	adverb	hbs	neudobno	adverb	slv
neuspješno	adverb	hbs	neuspešno	adverb	slv
neprikladno	adverb	hbs	neustrezno	adverb	slv
nevjerojatno	adverb	hbs	neverjetno	adverb	slv
nevjerovatno	adverb	hbs	neverjetno	adverb	slv
nesnosno	adverb	hbs	neznosno	adverb	slv
sramotno	adverb	hbs	nizkotno	adverb	slv
nužno	adverb	hbs	nujno	adverb	slv
odlično	adverb	hbs	odlično	adverb	slv
ogavno	adverb	hbs	ogabno	adverb	slv
okrutno	adverb	hbs	okrutno	adverb	slv
ukusno	adverb	hbs	okusno	adverb	slv
primjetno	adverb	hbs	opazno	adverb	slv
glavno	adverb	hbs	poglavitno	adverb	slv
pogubno	adverb	hbs	pogubno	adverb	slv
pokorno	adverb	hbs	pokorno	adverb	slv
pohlepno	adverb	hbs	požrešno	adverb	slv
pravedno	adverb	hbs	pravično	adverb	slv
ispravno	adverb	hbs	pravilno	adverb	slv
odvažno	adverb	hbs	predrzno	adverb	slv
prestižno	adverb	hbs	prestižno	adverb	slv
primjerno	adverb	hbs	primerno	adverb	slv
ljubazno	adverb	hbs	prisrčno	adverb	slv
privlačno	adverb	hbs	privlačno	adverb	slv
prodorno	adverb	hbs	prodorno	adverb	slv
fleksibilno	adverb	hbs	prožno	adverb	slv
opsežno	adverb	hbs	razsežno	adverb	slv
razumno	adverb	hbs	razumno	adverb	slv
razvratno	adverb	hbs	razvratno	adverb	slv
ritmično	adverb	hbs	ritmično	adverb	slv
sjajno	adverb	hbs	sijajno	adverb	slv
skladno	adverb	hbs	skladno	adverb	slv
razumno	adverb	hbs	smotrno	adverb	slv
spektakularno	adverb	hbs	spektakularno	adverb	slv
pristojno	adverb	hbs	spodobno	adverb	slv
neprilično	adverb	hbs	spotakljivo	adverb	slv
spretno	adverb	hbs	spretno	adverb	slv
stručno	adverb	hbs	strokovno	adverb	slv
tolerantno	adverb	hbs	strpno	adverb	slv
tamno	adverb	hbs	temačno	adverb	slv
uporno	adverb	hbs	trdovratno	adverb	slv
trijezno	adverb	hbs	trezno	adverb	slv
turobno	adverb	hbs	turobno	adverb	slv
poslušno	adverb	hbs	ubogljivo	adverb	slv
udobno	adverb	hbs	udobno	adverb	slv
ugodno	adverb	hbs	ugodno	adverb	slv
prikladno	adverb	hbs	ustrezno	adverb	slv
kreativno	adverb	hbs	ustvarjalno	adverb	slv
vjerodostojno	adverb	hbs	verodostojno	adverb	slv
uljudno	adverb	hbs	vljudno	adverb	slv
istočno	adverb	hbs	vzhodno	adverb	slv
ustrajno	adverb	hbs	vztrajno	adverb	slv
prezirno	adverb	hbs	zaničljivo	adverb	slv
zlobno	adverb	hbs	zlobno	adverb	slv
nježno	adverb	hbs	zložno	adverb	slv
znatno	adverb	hbs	znatno	adverb	slv
neugodno	adverb	hbs	zoprno	adverb	slv
banalno	adverb	hbs	banalno	adverb	slv
jednakovrijedno	adverb	hbs	enakovredno	adverb	slv
tužno	adverb	hbs	bridko	adverb	slv
burno	adverb	hbs	burno	adverb	slv
dosadno	adverb	hbs	dolgočasno	adverb	slv
sitno	adverb	hbs	drobno	adverb	slv
odvažno	adverb	hbs	drzno	adverb	slv
jednolično	adverb	hbs	enolično	adverb	slv
naporno	adverb	hbs	naporno	adverb	slv
nespretno	adverb	hbs	nerodno	adverb	slv
besramno	adverb	hbs	nesramno	adverb	slv
neznatno	adverb	hbs	neznatno	adverb	slv
nježno	adverb	hbs	nežno	adverb	slv
mjerodavno	adverb	hbs	oblastno	adverb	slv
opsežno	adverb	hbs	obsežno	adverb	slv
odlučno	adverb	hbs	odločno	adverb	slv
optimistično	adverb	hbs	optimistično	adverb	slv
pobožno	adverb	hbs	pobožno	adverb	slv
podrobno	adverb	hbs	podrobno	adverb	slv
prijazno	adverb	hbs	prijazno	adverb	slv
velikodušno	adverb	hbs	radodarno	adverb	slv
raskošno	adverb	hbs	razkošno	adverb	slv
siromašno	adverb	hbs	revno	adverb	slv
samotno	adverb	hbs	samotno	adverb	slv
slabašno	adverb	hbs	slabotno	adverb	slv
tamno	adverb	hbs	temno	adverb	slv
savjesno	adverb	hbs	vestno	adverb	slv
vulgarno	adverb	hbs	vulgarno	adverb	slv
tužno	adverb	hbs	žalostno	adverb	slv
živahno	adverb	hbs	živahno	adverb	slv
grešno	adverb	hbs	grešno	adverb	slv
radioaktivno	adverb	hbs	radioaktivno	adverb	slv
nepravilno	adverb	hbs	nepravilno	adverb	slv
nespretno	adverb	hbs	nespretno	adverb	slv
objektivno	adverb	hbs	objektivno	adverb	slv
posredno	adverb	hbs	posredno	adverb	slv
tačno	adverb	hbs	točno	adverb	slv
umno	adverb	hbs	umno	adverb	slv
glasno	adverb	hbs	glasno	adverb	slv
čudno	adverb	hbs	čudno	adverb	slv
plemenito	adverb	hbs	gosposko	adverb	slv
okorjelo	adverb	hbs	okorno	adverb	slv
domaće	adverb	hbs	domače	adverb	slv
svakodnevno	adverb	hbs	vsakdanje	adverb	slv
aktualno	adverb	hbs	aktualno	adverb	slv
krajnje	adverb	hbs	skrajno	adverb	slv
ohrabrujuće	adverb	hbs	spodbudno	adverb	slv
ohrabrujuće	adverb	hbs	vzpodbudno	adverb	slv
zadovoljno	adverb	hbs	zadovoljno	adverb	slv
podmuklo	adverb	hbs	zahrbtno	adverb	slv
jedinstveno	adverb	hbs	enotno	adverb	slv
hladno	adverb	hbs	hladno	adverb	slv
obilno	adverb	hbs	izdatno	adverb	slv
čisto	adverb	hbs	čisto	adverb	slv
obećavajuće	adverb	hbs	obetavno	adverb	slv
odjekujuće	adverb	hbs	odmevno	adverb	slv
zgodno	adverb	hbs	prikupno	adverb	slv
radoznalo	adverb	hbs	radovedno	adverb	slv
slobodno	adverb	hbs	svobodno	adverb	slv
ugledno	adverb	hbs	ugledno	adverb	slv
određeno	adverb	hbs	določno	adverb	slv
jako	adverb	hbs	močnejo	adverb	slv
naivno	adverb	hbs	naivno	adverb	slv
nemirno	adverb	hbs	nemirno	adverb	slv
hrabro	adverb	hbs	pogumno	adverb	slv
potrebno	adverb	hbs	potrebno	adverb	slv
slabo	adverb	hbs	šibko	adverb	slv
teško	adverb	hbs	težavno	adverb	slv
toplo	adverb	hbs	toplo	adverb	slv
usko	adverb	hbs	ozko	adverb	slv
slatko	adverb	hbs	sladko	adverb	slv
kruto	adverb	hbs	togo	adverb	slv
točno	adverb	hbs	točno	adverb	slv
ponosno	adverb	hbs	ponosno	adverb	slv
zdepasto	adverb	hbs	čokato	adverb	slv
zdepasto	adverb	hbs	čokato	adverb	slv
gorko	adverb	hbs	grenko	adverb	slv
grubo	adverb	hbs	grobo	adverb	slv
kiselo	adverb	hbs	kislo	adverb	slv
škrto	adverb	hbs	skopo	adverb	slv
tanko	adverb	hbs	tenko	adverb	slv
tvrdoglavo	adverb	hbs	trmasto	adverb	slv
naglo	adverb	hbs	vihravo	adverb	slv
živo	adverb	hbs	živo	adverb	slv
vruće	adverb	hbs	vroče	adverb	slv
bogato	adverb	hbs	bogato	adverb	slv
osjetljivo	adverb	hbs	občutljivo	adverb	slv
pokretljivo	adverb	hbs	gibljivo	adverb	slv
krotko	adverb	hbs	krotko	adverb	slv
neosjetljivo	adverb	hbs	neobčutljivo	adverb	slv
nepopustljivo	adverb	hbs	nepopustljivo	adverb	slv
nepovjerljivo	adverb	hbs	nezaupljivo	adverb	slv
uvjerljivo	adverb	hbs	prepričljivo	adverb	slv
sumnjičavo	adverb	hbs	sumljivo	adverb	slv
vitko	adverb	hbs	vitko	adverb	slv
žarko	adverb	hbs	žarko	adverb	slv
duhovito	adverb	hbs	duhovito	adverb	slv
izrazito	adverb	hbs	izrazito	adverb	slv
krepko	adverb	hbs	krepko	adverb	slv
krhko	adverb	hbs	krhko	adverb	slv
neodredivo	adverb	hbs	nedoločljivo	adverb	slv
nerazumljivo	adverb	hbs	nerazumljivo	adverb	slv
neveselo	adverb	hbs	neveselo	adverb	slv
nepouzdano	adverb	hbs	nezanesljivo	adverb	slv
nezanimljivo	adverb	hbs	nezanimivo	adverb	slv
dojmljivo	adverb	hbs	osupljivo	adverb	slv
preporučljivo	adverb	hbs	priporočljivo	adverb	slv
uzbudljivo	adverb	hbs	razburljivo	adverb	slv
razumljivo	adverb	hbs	razumljivo	adverb	slv
slikovito	adverb	hbs	slikovito	adverb	slv
smjelo	adverb	hbs	smelo	adverb	slv
ljutito	adverb	hbs	srdito	adverb	slv
jezivo	adverb	hbs	srhljivo	adverb	slv
učinkovito	adverb	hbs	učinkovito	adverb	slv
vedro	adverb	hbs	vedro	adverb	slv
izdržljivo	adverb	hbs	vzdržljivo	adverb	slv
uzbudljivo	adverb	hbs	vznemirljivo	adverb	slv
uvredljivo	adverb	hbs	žaljivo	adverb	slv
milo	adverb	hbs	milo	adverb	slv
okruglo	adverb	hbs	okroglo	adverb	slv
plitko	adverb	hbs	plitvo	adverb	slv
pliko	adverb	hbs	plitvo	adverb	slv
rahlo	adverb	hbs	rahlo	adverb	slv
silovito	adverb	hbs	silovito	adverb	slv
strmo	adverb	hbs	strmo	adverb	slv
svijetlo	adverb	hbs	svetlo	adverb	slv
veselo	adverb	hbs	veselo	adverb	slv
zanimljivo	adverb	hbs	zanimivo	adverb	slv
zavodljivo	adverb	hbs	zapeljivo	adverb	slv
blago	adverb	hbs	blago	adverb	slv
drago	adverb	hbs	ljubo	adverb	slv
mrsko	adverb	hbs	neljubo	adverb	slv
rijetko	adverb	hbs	redko	adverb	slv
tanko	adverb	hbs	tanko	adverb	slv
tiho	adverb	hbs	tiho	adverb	slv
bistro	adverb	hbs	bistro	adverb	slv
temeljito	adverb	hbs	temeljito	adverb	slv
sirovo	adverb	hbs	surovo	adverb	slv
pusto	adverb	hbs	pusto	adverb	slv
ponizno	adverb	hbs	ponižno	adverb	slv
nadalje	adverb	hbs	naprej	adverb	slv
objeručke	adverb	hbs	srčno	adverb	slv
prvi puta	adverb	hbs	prvič	adverb	slv
negdje	adverb	hbs	nekje	adverb	slv
svakamo	adverb	hbs	povsod	adverb	slv
ovamo	adverb	hbs	tukaj	adverb	slv
kud	adverb	hbs	kje	adverb	slv
nekuda	adverb	hbs	nekje	adverb	slv
nikud	adverb	hbs	nikjer	adverb	slv
nikuda	adverb	hbs	nikjer	adverb	slv
ovud	adverb	hbs	tu	adverb	slv
ovuda	adverb	hbs	tukaj	adverb	slv
onud	adverb	hbs	tam	adverb	slv
onuda	adverb	hbs	tam	adverb	slv
igdje	adverb	hbs	povsod	adverb	slv
svagdje	adverb	hbs	povsod	adverb	slv
tu	adverb	hbs	tukaj	adverb	slv
ondje	adverb	hbs	tam	adverb	slv
nikako	adverb	hbs	nikakor	adverb	slv
svakako	adverb	hbs	zagotovo	adverb	slv
nekada	adverb	hbs	nekoč	adverb	slv
katkad	adverb	hbs	včasih	adverb	slv
svagda	adverb	hbs	vedno	adverb	slv
ikad	adverb	hbs	kdaj	adverb	slv
ikada	adverb	hbs	kdaj	adverb	slv
tad	adverb	hbs	takrat	adverb	slv
dosad	adverb	hbs	doslej	adverb	slv
dosada	adverb	hbs	doslej	adverb	slv
dotad	adverb	hbs	do takrat	adverb	slv
dotada	adverb	hbs	doslej	adverb	slv
otad	adverb	hbs	od takrat	adverb	slv
otada	adverb	hbs	od takrat	adverb	slv
prekjučer	adverb	hbs	predvčerajšnjim	adverb	slv
preksutra	adverb	hbs	pojutrišnjem	adverb	slv
ljetos	adverb	hbs	letos	adverb	slv
zimus	adverb	hbs	pozimi	adverb	slv
jesenas	adverb	hbs	jeseni	adverb	slv
proljetos	adverb	hbs	spomladi	adverb	slv
dosad	adverb	hbs	doslej	adverb	slv
dosada	adverb	hbs	doslej	adverb	slv
do sad	adverb	hbs	doslej	adverb	slv
podjednako	adverb	hbs	enakomerno	adverb	slv
ponovo	adverb	hbs	ponovno	adverb	slv
kod kuće	adverb	hbs	doma	adverb	slv
kući	adverb	hbs	domov	adverb	slv
jednako tako	adverb	hbs	prav tako	adverb	slv
istodobno	adverb	hbs	istočasno	adverb	slv
uživo	adverb	hbs	živo	adverb	slv
trenutačno	adverb	hbs	trenutno	adverb	slv
momentalno	adverb	hbs	trenutno	adverb	slv
dokasna	adverb	hbs	pozno	adverb	slv
odjednom	adverb	hbs	naenkrat	adverb	slv
zasad	adverb	hbs	zdaj	adverb	slv
zasada	adverb	hbs	za zdaj	adverb	slv
izjutra	adverb	hbs	zjutraj	adverb	slv
kadgod	adverb	hbs	kadarkoli	adverb	slv
kad god	adverb	hbs	kadarkoli	adverb	slv
veoma	adverb	hbs	zelo	adverb	slv
istinski	adverb	hbs	resno	adverb	slv
uistinu	adverb	hbs	resno	adverb	slv
vaistinu	adverb	hbs	resnično	adverb	slv
doista	adverb	hbs	dejansko	adverb	slv
napolje	adverb	hbs	ven	adverb	slv
pozadi	adverb	hbs	zadaj	adverb	slv
nasilu	adverb	hbs	prisilno	adverb	slv
uskoro	adverb	hbs	kmalu	adverb	slv
naskoro	adverb	hbs	kmalu	adverb	slv
najprije	adverb	hbs	najprej	adverb	slv
isprva	adverb	hbs	sprva	adverb	slv
nekada	adverb	hbs	včasih	adverb	slv
nedavno	adverb	hbs	nedavno	adverb	slv
nikud	adverb	hbs	nikjer	adverb	slv
nikuda	adverb	hbs	nikjer	adverb	slv
odonda	adverb	hbs	od tam	adverb	slv
otad	adverb	hbs	od takrat	adverb	slv
otada	adverb	hbs	od takrat	adverb	slv
pa	adverb	hbs	tako	adverb	slv
pješke	adverb	hbs	peš	adverb	slv
većinom	adverb	hbs	večinoma	adverb	slv
previše	adverb	hbs	veliko	adverb	slv
suviše	adverb	hbs	veliko	adverb	slv
svud	adverb	hbs	povsod	adverb	slv
svagda	adverb	hbs	povsod	adverb	slv
vječito	adverb	hbs	večno	adverb	slv
ovdje-ondje	adverb	hbs	tu in tam	adverb	slv
ovdje ondje	adverb	hbs	tu	adverb	slv
triput	adverb	hbs	trikrat	adverb	slv
tu	adverb	hbs	tukaj	adverb	slv
sutra	adverb	hbs	jutri	adverb	slv
katkad	adverb	hbs	včasih	adverb	slv
katkada	adverb	hbs	včasih	adverb	slv
ponekada	adverb	hbs	včasih	adverb	slv
katkad	adverb	hbs	včasih	adverb	slv
katkada	adverb	hbs	včasih	adverb	slv
ponekada	adverb	hbs	včasih	adverb	slv
u međuvremenu	adverb	hbs	medtem	adverb	slv
većinom	adverb	hbs	večinoma	adverb	slv
većim dijelom	adverb	hbs	večinoma	adverb	slv
hotimično	adverb	hbs	namerno	adverb	slv
hotimice	adverb	hbs	namerno	adverb	slv
dotad	adverb	hbs	doslej	adverb	slv
dotada	adverb	hbs	doslej	adverb	slv
do tad	adverb	hbs	do takrat	adverb	slv
do tada	adverb	hbs	do takrat	adverb	slv
dotle	adverb	hbs	doslej	adverb	slv
fer	adverb	hbs	pošteno	adverb	slv
žiro	adverb	hbs	žiro	adverb	slv
neto	adverb	hbs	čisto	adverb	slv
raznoliko	adverb	hbs	raznovrstno	adverb	slv
biopoljoprivredno	adverb	hbs	biokmetijsko	adverb	slv
nemoguće	adverb	hbs	nemogoče	adverb	slv
hotimično	adverb	hbs	namerno	adverb	slv
sustavno	adverb	hbs	sistematično	adverb	slv
kružno	adverb	hbs	krožno	adverb	slv
autentično	adverb	hbs	avtentično	adverb	slv
autonomno	adverb	hbs	samostojno	adverb	slv
aktualno	adverb	hbs	aktualno	adverb	slv
bilateralno	adverb	hbs	dvostransko	adverb	slv
verbalno	adverb	hbs	ustno	adverb	slv
vlažno	adverb	hbs	vlažno	adverb	slv
zračno	adverb	hbs	zračno	adverb	slv
generalno	adverb	hbs	splošno	adverb	slv
grandiozno	adverb	hbs	veličastno	adverb	slv
izravno	adverb	hbs	neposredno	adverb	slv
emocionalno	adverb	hbs	čustveno	adverb	slv
zadovoljno	adverb	hbs	zadovoljno	adverb	slv
ilegalno	adverb	hbs	nezakonito	adverb	slv
individualno	adverb	hbs	posamezno	adverb	slv
internacionalno	adverb	hbs	mednarodno	adverb	slv
informativno	adverb	hbs	informativno	adverb	slv
iznimno	adverb	hbs	izredno	adverb	slv
kriminalno	adverb	hbs	kazensko	adverb	slv
kristalno	adverb	hbs	kristalno	adverb	slv
krupno	adverb	hbs	veliko	adverb	slv
legitimno	adverb	hbs	zakonito	adverb	slv
lokalno	adverb	hbs	lokalno	adverb	slv
maksimalno	adverb	hbs	maksimalno	adverb	slv
minimalno	adverb	hbs	minimalno	adverb	slv
misteriozno	adverb	hbs	skrivnostno	adverb	slv
mliječno	adverb	hbs	mlečno	adverb	slv
mobilno	adverb	hbs	mobilno	adverb	slv
mogućno	adverb	hbs	mogoče	adverb	slv
trenutačno	adverb	hbs	trenutno	adverb	slv
naivno	adverb	hbs	naivno	adverb	slv
nacionalno	adverb	hbs	nacionalno	adverb	slv
nelegalno	adverb	hbs	nezakonito	adverb	slv
nemirno	adverb	hbs	nemirno	adverb	slv
nedavno	adverb	hbs	nedavno	adverb	slv
neodložno	adverb	hbs	neodložljivo	adverb	slv
neozbiljno	adverb	hbs	neresno	adverb	slv
optimalno	adverb	hbs	optimalno	adverb	slv
oficijalno	adverb	hbs	uradno	adverb	slv
paralelno	adverb	hbs	vzporedno	adverb	slv
parlamentarno	adverb	hbs	parlamentarno	adverb	slv
potencijalno	adverb	hbs	potencialno	adverb	slv
preliminarno	adverb	hbs	predhodno	adverb	slv
proporcionalno	adverb	hbs	sorazmerno	adverb	slv
prostorno	adverb	hbs	fizično	adverb	slv
redovno	adverb	hbs	redno	adverb	slv
sanitarno	adverb	hbs	sanitarno	adverb	slv
seksualno	adverb	hbs	spolno	adverb	slv
specijalno	adverb	hbs	specialno	adverb	slv
sramno	adverb	hbs	sramotno	adverb	slv
teritorijalno	adverb	hbs	teritorialno	adverb	slv
užasno	adverb	hbs	strašno	adverb	slv
famozno	adverb	hbs	slavno	adverb	slv
hronično	adverb	hbs	kronično	adverb	slv
obzirno	adverb	hbs	obzirno	adverb	slv
djelomično	adverb	hbs	delno	adverb	slv
jednoglasno	adverb	hbs	soglasno	adverb	slv
efikasno	adverb	hbs	učinkovito	adverb	slv
kontroverzno	adverb	hbs	sporno	adverb	slv
punopravno	adverb	hbs	polno	adverb	slv
unilateralno	adverb	hbs	enostransko	adverb	slv
okvirno	adverb	hbs	približno	adverb	slv
samostalno	adverb	hbs	neodvisno	adverb	slv
zainteresirano	adverb	hbs	zanimivo	adverb	slv
zakazano	adverb	hbs	predvidoma	adverb	slv
izabrano	adverb	hbs	izbrano	adverb	slv
kontinuirano	adverb	hbs	neprekinjeno	adverb	slv
postojano	adverb	hbs	enakomerno	adverb	slv
čisto	adverb	hbs	čisto	adverb	slv
čisto	adverb	hbs	čisto	adverb	slv
usko	adverb	hbs	ozko	adverb	slv
svakodnevno	adverb	hbs	vsakodnevno	adverb	slv
zgodno	adverb	hbs	lepo	adverb	slv
optimalno	adverb	hbs	optimalno	adverb	slv
meko	adverb	hbs	mehko	adverb	slv
lagano	adverb	hbs	nežno	adverb	slv
suvo	adverb	hbs	suho	adverb	slv
zagriženo	adverb	hbs	odlično	adverb	slv
zdravstveno	adverb	hbs	zdravstveno	adverb	slv
medeno	adverb	hbs	medeno	adverb	slv
složeno	adverb	hbs	kompleksno	adverb	slv
odijeljeno	adverb	hbs	ločeno	adverb	slv
usporeno	adverb	hbs	počasno	adverb	slv
vodeno	adverb	hbs	vodno	adverb	slv
žalosno	adverb	hbs	žalostno	adverb	slv
neusmjereno	adverb	hbs	neusmerjeno	adverb	slv
vanredno	adverb	hbs	izredno	adverb	slv
zlatno	adverb	hbs	zlato	adverb	slv
impozantno	adverb	hbs	ogromno	adverb	slv
interesantno	adverb	hbs	zanimivo	adverb	slv
pomodno	adverb	hbs	modno	adverb	slv
neposredno	adverb	hbs	neposredno	adverb	slv
rekordno	adverb	hbs	rekordno	adverb	slv
ugledno	adverb	hbs	ugledno	adverb	slv
vjerovatno	adverb	hbs	verjetno	adverb	slv
znatno	adverb	hbs	veliko	adverb	slv
relevantno	adverb	hbs	pomembno	adverb	slv
indirektno	adverb	hbs	posredno	adverb	slv
slatko	adverb	hbs	sladko	adverb	slv
dječje	adverb	hbs	otroško	adverb	slv
ekspertno	adverb	hbs	strokovno	adverb	slv
računalno	adverb	hbs	računalniško	adverb	slv
domoljubno	adverb	hbs	domoljubno	adverb	slv
renesansno	adverb	hbs	renesančno	adverb	slv
divlje	adverb	hbs	divje	adverb	slv
divlje	adverb	hbs	divjo	adverb	slv
divlje	adverb	hbs	divji	adverb	slv
obrambeno	adverb	hbs	obrambno	adverb	slv
unutarnje	adverb	hbs	notranje	adverb	slv
donje	adverb	hbs	nizko	adverb	slv
krivično	adverb	hbs	kazensko	adverb	slv
međunarodno	adverb	hbs	mednarodno	adverb	slv
daljnje	adverb	hbs	naprej	adverb	slv
probno	adverb	hbs	poskusno	adverb	slv
odgovarajuće	adverb	hbs	primerno	adverb	slv
tjelesno	adverb	hbs	telesno	adverb	slv
udarno	adverb	hbs	udarno	adverb	slv
fiskalno	adverb	hbs	davčno	adverb	slv
cvjetno	adverb	hbs	cvetno	adverb	slv
sigurnosno	adverb	hbs	sigurno	adverb	slv
kvadratno	adverb	hbs	kvadratno	adverb	slv
uzajamno	adverb	hbs	medsebojno	adverb	slv
obrazovno	adverb	hbs	izobraževalno	adverb	slv
ručno	adverb	hbs	ročno	adverb	slv
brojčano	adverb	hbs	številčno	adverb	slv
budžetski	adverb	hbs	proračunsko	adverb	slv
proračunski	adverb	hbs	proračunsko	adverb	slv
istinski	adverb	hbs	resnično	adverb	slv
svemirski	adverb	hbs	vesoljsko	adverb	slv
gigantski	adverb	hbs	ogromno	adverb	slv
divovski	adverb	hbs	velikansko	adverb	slv
džinovski	adverb	hbs	ogromno	adverb	slv
židovski	adverb	hbs	judovsko	adverb	slv
hebrejski	adverb	hbs	hebrejsko	adverb	slv
jevrejski	adverb	hbs	judovsko	adverb	slv
europski	adverb	hbs	evropsko	adverb	slv
evropski	adverb	hbs	evropsko	adverb	slv
energetski	adverb	hbs	energetsko	adverb	slv
estonski	adverb	hbs	estonsko	adverb	slv
etnički	adverb	hbs	etnično	adverb	slv
zakonski	adverb	hbs	pravno	adverb	slv
istorijski	adverb	hbs	zgodovinsko	adverb	slv
italijanski	adverb	hbs	italijansko	adverb	slv
kurdski	adverb	hbs	kurdsko	adverb	slv
multietnički	adverb	hbs	večetnično	adverb	slv
planinarski	adverb	hbs	gorsko	adverb	slv
stopanski	adverb	hbs	ekonomsko	adverb	slv
bratski	adverb	hbs	bratsko	adverb	slv
babilonski	adverb	hbs	babilonsko	adverb	slv
vavilonski	adverb	hbs	babilonsko	adverb	slv
gorski	adverb	hbs	gorsko	adverb	slv
konzultantski	adverb	hbs	svetovalno	adverb	slv
konsultantski	adverb	hbs	svetovalno	adverb	slv
kritski	adverb	hbs	kretsko	adverb	slv
kurdistanski	adverb	hbs	kurdsko	adverb	slv
svinjski	adverb	hbs	svinjsko	adverb	slv
tibetski	adverb	hbs	tibetansko	adverb	slv
trakijski	adverb	hbs	trakijsko	adverb	slv
akrobatski	adverb	hbs	akrobatsko	adverb	slv
akterski	adverb	hbs	igralsko	adverb	slv
amaterski	adverb	hbs	amatersko	adverb	slv
vremenski	adverb	hbs	časovno	adverb	slv
građanski	adverb	hbs	civilno	adverb	slv
diskriminacijski	adverb	hbs	diskriminatorno	adverb	slv
diskriminatorski	adverb	hbs	diskriminatorno	adverb	slv
kadrovski	adverb	hbs	kadrovsko	adverb	slv
kaligrafski	adverb	hbs	kaligrafsko	adverb	slv
kompjuterski	adverb	hbs	računalniško	adverb	slv
kompjutorski	adverb	hbs	računalniško	adverb	slv
konkurentski	adverb	hbs	konkurenčno	adverb	slv
koreografski	adverb	hbs	koreografsko	adverb	slv
lovački	adverb	hbs	lovsko	adverb	slv
neekonomski	adverb	hbs	negospodarno	adverb	slv
nesportski	adverb	hbs	nešportno	adverb	slv
praistorijski	adverb	hbs	prazgodovinsko	adverb	slv
prahistorijski	adverb	hbs	prazgodovinsko	adverb	slv
programski	adverb	hbs	programsko	adverb	slv
proeuropski	adverb	hbs	proevropsko	adverb	slv
proevropski	adverb	hbs	proevropsko	adverb	slv
radarski	adverb	hbs	radarsko	adverb	slv
rutinski	adverb	hbs	rutinsko	adverb	slv
sitematski	adverb	hbs	sistematično	adverb	slv
terapeutski	adverb	hbs	terapevtsko	adverb	slv
terenski	adverb	hbs	terensko	adverb	slv
muzički	adverb	hbs	glasbeno	adverb	slv
strukturno	adverb	hbs	strukturno	adverb	slv
razno	adverb	hbs	razno	adverb	slv
upravno	adverb	hbs	upravno	adverb	slv
centralno	adverb	hbs	centralno	adverb	slv
južno	adverb	hbs	južno	adverb	slv
nedomoljubno	adverb	hbs	nedomoljubno	adverb	slv
maturalno	adverb	hbs	naravno	adverb	slv
čudno	adverb	hbs	čudno	adverb	slv
korpulentno	adverb	hbs	debelo	adverb	slv
trenutno	adverb	hbs	trenutno	adverb	slv
globalno	adverb	hbs	globalno	adverb	slv
definitivno	adverb	hbs	definitivno	adverb	slv
dinamično	adverb	hbs	dinamično	adverb	slv
drastično	adverb	hbs	drastično	adverb	slv
eksperimentalno	adverb	hbs	eksperimentalno	adverb	slv
ekscentrično	adverb	hbs	ekscentrično	adverb	slv
monumentalno	adverb	hbs	monumentalno	adverb	slv
negativno	adverb	hbs	negativno	adverb	slv
potrebno	adverb	hbs	potrebno	adverb	slv
problematično	adverb	hbs	problematično	adverb	slv
selektivno	adverb	hbs	selektivno	adverb	slv
fenomenalno	adverb	hbs	fenomenalno	adverb	slv
formalno	adverb	hbs	formalno	adverb	slv
funkcionalno	adverb	hbs	funkcionalno	adverb	slv
kronično	adverb	hbs	kronično	adverb	slv
javno	adverb	hbs	javno	adverb	slv
kontinuisano	adverb	hbs	kontinuirano	adverb	slv
nečisto	adverb	hbs	umazano	adverb	slv
super	adverb	hbs	super	adverb	slv
anti	adverb	hbs	proti	adverb	slv
nediskriminacijski	adverb	hbs	nediskriminatorno	adverb	slv
nediskriminatorski	adverb	hbs	nediskriminatorno	adverb	slv
poreski	adverb	hbs	davčno	adverb	slv
predstojeće	adverb	hbs	prihajajoče	adverb	slv
zrakoplovno	adverb	hbs	letalsko	adverb	slv
vazduhoplovno	adverb	hbs	letalsko	adverb	slv
prekogranično	adverb	hbs	čezmejno	adverb	slv
tržišno	adverb	hbs	tržno	adverb	slv
konačno	adverb	hbs	končno	adverb	slv
finalno	adverb	hbs	finalno	adverb	slv
tekuće	adverb	hbs	tekoč	adverb	slv
prodajno	adverb	hbs	prodajno	adverb	slv
proizvodno	adverb	hbs	proizvodno	adverb	slv
proljetno	adverb	hbs	pomladno	adverb	slv
propagandno	adverb	hbs	propagandno	adverb	slv
pravno	adverb	hbs	pravno	adverb	slv
ranije	adverb	hbs	prej	adverb	slv
nervno	adverb	hbs	živčno	adverb	slv
istočno	adverb	hbs	vzhod	adverb	slv
gornje	adverb	hbs	zgoraj	adverb	slv
bližnje	adverb	hbs	bližnje	adverb	slv
isto	adverb	hbs	prav tako	adverb	slv
rotirajuće	adverb	hbs	rotirajoč	adverb	slv
vladajuće	adverb	hbs	vladajoče	adverb	slv
sutrašnje	adverb	hbs	jutri	adverb	slv
jučerašnje	adverb	hbs	včeraj	adverb	slv
buduće	adverb	hbs	prihodnje	adverb	slv
životno	adverb	hbs	življensko	adverb	slv
prijevremeno	adverb	hbs	predčasno	adverb	slv
osobeno	adverb	hbs	osebno	adverb	slv
povećano	adverb	hbs	veliko	adverb	slv
religiozno	adverb	hbs	religiozno	adverb	slv
ukupno	adverb	hbs	skupno	adverb	slv
lično	adverb	hbs	osebno	adverb	slv
neizbježno	adverb	hbs	neizbežno	adverb	slv
obilazno	adverb	hbs	naokrog	adverb	slv
personalno	adverb	hbs	osebno	adverb	slv
prazno	adverb	hbs	prazno	adverb	slv
eventualno	adverb	hbs	eventualno	adverb	slv
energično	adverb	hbs	energično	adverb	slv
zaobilazno	adverb	hbs	naokoli	adverb	slv
nemogućo	adverb	hbs	nemogoče	adverb	slv
tek	adverb	hbs	samo	adverb	slv
gdjegod	adverb	hbs	kje	adverb	slv
gdje god	adverb	hbs	kje	adverb	slv
nekorektno	adverb	hbs	pravilno	adverb	slv
poljoprivredno	adverb	hbs	kmetijsko	adverb	slv
vatrogasno	adverb	hbs	gasilsko	adverb	slv
prapovijesno	adverb	hbs	prazgodovinsko	adverb	slv
bračno	adverb	hbs	zakonsko	adverb	slv
zadnje	adverb	hbs	zadnjo	adverb	slv
posljednje	adverb	hbs	zadnjo	adverb	slv
augustovski	adverb	hbs	avgustovsko	adverb	slv
aprilski	adverb	hbs	aprilsko	adverb	slv
travanjski	adverb	hbs	aprilsko	adverb	slv
armijski	adverb	hbs	vojaško	adverb	slv
afrički	adverb	hbs	afriško	adverb	slv
balkanski	adverb	hbs	balkansko	adverb	slv
brazilski	adverb	hbs	brazilsko	adverb	slv
britanski	adverb	hbs	britansko	adverb	slv
egejski	adverb	hbs	egejsko	adverb	slv
egipatski	adverb	hbs	egiptovsko	adverb	slv
koalicijski	adverb	hbs	koalicijsko	adverb	slv
kosovski	adverb	hbs	kosovsko	adverb	slv
libijski	adverb	hbs	libijsko	adverb	slv
londonski	adverb	hbs	londonsko	adverb	slv
madridski	adverb	hbs	madridsko	adverb	slv
manastirski	adverb	hbs	samostansko	adverb	slv
samostanski	adverb	hbs	samostansko	adverb	slv
milanski	adverb	hbs	milansko	adverb	slv
ministarski	adverb	hbs	ministrsko	adverb	slv
moskovski	adverb	hbs	moskovsko	adverb	slv
muslimanski	adverb	hbs	muslimansko	adverb	slv
novozelandski	adverb	hbs	novozelandsko	adverb	slv
opozicijski	adverb	hbs	opozicijsko	adverb	slv
opštinski	adverb	hbs	občinsko	adverb	slv
stranački	adverb	hbs	strankarsko	adverb	slv
jednostranački	adverb	hbs	enostrankarsko	adverb	slv
nestranački	adverb	hbs	nestrankarsko	adverb	slv
unutarpartijski	adverb	hbs	znotrajstrankarsko	adverb	slv
policijski	adverb	hbs	policijsko	adverb	slv
romski	adverb	hbs	romsko	adverb	slv
seoski	adverb	hbs	podeželsko	adverb	slv
slovenački	adverb	hbs	slovensko	adverb	slv
slavenski	adverb	hbs	slovansko	adverb	slv
srbijanski	adverb	hbs	srbsko	adverb	slv
studentski	adverb	hbs	študentsko	adverb	slv
suštinski	adverb	hbs	bistveno	adverb	slv
televizijski	adverb	hbs	televizijsko	adverb	slv
holivudski	adverb	hbs	hollywoodsko	adverb	slv
hotelski	adverb	hbs	hotelsko	adverb	slv
jugoslovenski	adverb	hbs	jugoslovansko	adverb	slv
jugoslavenski	adverb	hbs	jugoslovansko	adverb	slv
bošnjački	adverb	hbs	bosansko	adverb	slv
vinarski	adverb	hbs	vinsko	adverb	slv
lisabonski	adverb	hbs	lizbonsko	adverb	slv
oceanski	adverb	hbs	oceansko	adverb	slv
okeanski	adverb	hbs	oceansko	adverb	slv
piratski	adverb	hbs	piratsko	adverb	slv
avijacijski	adverb	hbs	letalsko	adverb	slv
austrijski	adverb	hbs	avstrijsko	adverb	slv
azijski	adverb	hbs	azijsko	adverb	slv
artiljerijski	adverb	hbs	topovsko	adverb	slv
artiljerijski	adverb	hbs	artilerijsko	adverb	slv
atlanski	adverb	hbs	atlantsko	adverb	slv
benzinski	adverb	hbs	bencinsko	adverb	slv
boksački	adverb	hbs	boksarsko	adverb	slv
barbarski	adverb	hbs	barbarsko	adverb	slv
varvarski	adverb	hbs	barbarsko	adverb	slv
vinski	adverb	hbs	vinsko	adverb	slv
genetski	adverb	hbs	genetsko	adverb	slv
gotski	adverb	hbs	gotsko	adverb	slv
elektronski	adverb	hbs	elektronsko	adverb	slv
zimski	adverb	hbs	zimsko	adverb	slv
invalidski	adverb	hbs	invalidsko	adverb	slv
indijanski	adverb	hbs	indijsko	adverb	slv
istočnoeuropski	adverb	hbs	vzhodnoevropsko	adverb	slv
istočnoevropski	adverb	hbs	vzhodnoevropsko	adverb	slv
kancelarijski	adverb	hbs	pisarniško	adverb	slv
kartonski	adverb	hbs	kartonsko	adverb	slv
komunikacijski	adverb	hbs	komunikacijsko	adverb	slv
konjski	adverb	hbs	konjsko	adverb	slv
laboratorijski	adverb	hbs	laboratorijsko	adverb	slv
majski	adverb	hbs	majsko	adverb	slv
svibanjski	adverb	hbs	majsko	adverb	slv
mediteranski	adverb	hbs	sredozemsko	adverb	slv
metarski	adverb	hbs	metrsko	adverb	slv
navigacijski	adverb	hbs	navigacijsko	adverb	slv
nepartijski	adverb	hbs	strankarsko	adverb	slv
nesuštinski	adverb	hbs	bistveno	adverb	slv
nehigijenski	adverb	hbs	higiensko	adverb	slv
novinarski	adverb	hbs	novinarsko	adverb	slv
organizatorski	adverb	hbs	organizacijsko	adverb	slv
postdiplomski	adverb	hbs	podiplomsko	adverb	slv
primorski	adverb	hbs	pomorsko	adverb	slv
rentgenski	adverb	hbs	rentgensko	adverb	slv
rivalski	adverb	hbs	rivalsko	adverb	slv
septembarski	adverb	hbs	septembrsko	adverb	slv
stražarski	adverb	hbs	stražarsko	adverb	slv
strategijski	adverb	hbs	strateško	adverb	slv
teniski	adverb	hbs	teniško	adverb	slv
tenkovski	adverb	hbs	tankovsko	adverb	slv
higijenski	adverb	hbs	higiensko	adverb	slv
kršćanski	adverb	hbs	krščansko	adverb	slv
hrišćanski	adverb	hbs	krščansko	adverb	slv
centralnoevropski	adverb	hbs	srednjeevropsko	adverb	slv
srednjeevropski	adverb	hbs	srednjeevropsko	adverb	slv
srednjeeuropski	adverb	hbs	srednjeevropsko	adverb	slv
šahovski	adverb	hbs	šahovsko	adverb	slv
švicarski	adverb	hbs	švicarsko	adverb	slv
švajcarski	adverb	hbs	švicarsko	adverb	slv
južnoafrički	adverb	hbs	južnoafriško	adverb	slv
južnoslavenski	adverb	hbs	jugoslovansko	adverb	slv
junski	adverb	hbs	junijsko	adverb	slv
patnički	adverb	hbs	potniško	adverb	slv
srednje	adverb	hbs	srednje	adverb	slv
bavarski	adverb	hbs	bavarsko	adverb	slv
bosanski	adverb	hbs	bosansko	adverb	slv
kanadski	adverb	hbs	kanadsko	adverb	slv
olimpijski	adverb	hbs	olimpijsko	adverb	slv
pomorski	adverb	hbs	pomorsko	adverb	slv
nizozemski	adverb	hbs	nizozemsko	adverb	slv
carinski	adverb	hbs	carinsko	adverb	slv
argentinski	adverb	hbs	argentinsko	adverb	slv
astronomski	adverb	hbs	astronomsko	adverb	slv
belgijski	adverb	hbs	belgijsko	adverb	slv
indonezijski	adverb	hbs	indonezijsko	adverb	slv
mladeški	adverb	hbs	mladinsko	adverb	slv
turkomanski	adverb	hbs	turško	adverb	slv
španski	adverb	hbs	špansko	adverb	slv
opozicijski	adverb	hbs	opozicijsko	adverb	slv
investicijski	adverb	hbs	investicijsko	adverb	slv
tužiteljski	adverb	hbs	tožilsko	adverb	slv
kolovoški	adverb	hbs	avgustovsko	adverb	slv
američki	adverb	hbs	ameriško	adverb	slv
atenski	adverb	hbs	atensko	adverb	slv
bagdadski	adverb	hbs	bagdadsko	adverb	slv
beogradski	adverb	hbs	beograjsko	adverb	slv
bitolski	adverb	hbs	bitolsko	adverb	slv
bolonjski	adverb	hbs	bolonjsko	adverb	slv
vandalski	adverb	hbs	vandalsko	adverb	slv
vašingtonski	adverb	hbs	washingtonsko	adverb	slv
venezuelanski	adverb	hbs	venezuelsko	adverb	slv
bečki	adverb	hbs	dunajsko	adverb	slv
zagrebački	adverb	hbs	zagrebško	adverb	slv
zatvorski	adverb	hbs	zaporsko	adverb	slv
zemunski	adverb	hbs	zemunsko	adverb	slv
ilindenski	adverb	hbs	ilindensko	adverb	slv
irački	adverb	hbs	iraško	adverb	slv
islamski	adverb	hbs	islamsko	adverb	slv
istanbulski	adverb	hbs	istanbulsko	adverb	slv
katarski	adverb	hbs	katarsko	adverb	slv
ciparski	adverb	hbs	ciprsko	adverb	slv
kiparski	adverb	hbs	ciprsko	adverb	slv
manjinski	adverb	hbs	manjšinsko	adverb	slv
maratonski	adverb	hbs	maratonsko	adverb	slv
martovski	adverb	hbs	marčevsko	adverb	slv
ožujski	adverb	hbs	marčevsko	adverb	slv
meksički	adverb	hbs	mehiško	adverb	slv
moldavski	adverb	hbs	moldavsko	adverb	slv
novosadski	adverb	hbs	novosadsko	adverb	slv
ohridski	adverb	hbs	ohridsko	adverb	slv
pregovarački	adverb	hbs	pogajalsko	adverb	slv
premijerski	adverb	hbs	premiersko	adverb	slv
predstavnički	adverb	hbs	predstavniško	adverb	slv
republikanski	adverb	hbs	republikansko	adverb	slv
roditeljski	adverb	hbs	starševsko	adverb	slv
sarajevski	adverb	hbs	sarajevsko	adverb	slv
skopski	adverb	hbs	skopsko	adverb	slv
solunski	adverb	hbs	solunsko	adverb	slv
sofijski	adverb	hbs	sofijsko	adverb	slv
socijaldemokratski	adverb	hbs	socialdemokratsko	adverb	slv
splitski	adverb	hbs	splitsko	adverb	slv
talibanski	adverb	hbs	talibansko	adverb	slv
tatarski	adverb	hbs	tatarsko	adverb	slv
tetovski	adverb	hbs	tetovsko	adverb	slv
februarski	adverb	hbs	februarsko	adverb	slv
veljački	adverb	hbs	februarsko	adverb	slv
frankfurtski	adverb	hbs	frankfurtsko	adverb	slv
haški	adverb	hbs	haaško	adverb	slv
holandski	adverb	hbs	nizozemsko	adverb	slv
carigradski	adverb	hbs	carigrajsko	adverb	slv
šijitski	adverb	hbs	šiitsko	adverb	slv
advokatski	adverb	hbs	odvetniško	adverb	slv
banatski	adverb	hbs	banatsko	adverb	slv
barcelonski	adverb	hbs	barcelonsko	adverb	slv
bernski	adverb	hbs	bernsko	adverb	slv
bostonski	adverb	hbs	bostonsko	adverb	slv
brokerski	adverb	hbs	posredniško	adverb	slv
generalski	adverb	hbs	generalsko	adverb	slv
golanski	adverb	hbs	golansko	adverb	slv
dunavski	adverb	hbs	donavsko	adverb	slv
euroazijski	adverb	hbs	evrazijsko	adverb	slv
evroazijski	adverb	hbs	evrazijsko	adverb	slv
etnografski	adverb	hbs	etnografsko	adverb	slv
zatvorenički	adverb	hbs	zaporniško	adverb	slv
zetski	adverb	hbs	zetsko	adverb	slv
imigrantski	adverb	hbs	priseljensko	adverb	slv
imigracijski	adverb	hbs	priseljensko	adverb	slv
imperatorski	adverb	hbs	imperijsko	adverb	slv
investitorski	adverb	hbs	investitorsko	adverb	slv
karipski	adverb	hbs	karibsko	adverb	slv
lihtenštajnski	adverb	hbs	liechtensteinsko	adverb	slv
magistarski	adverb	hbs	magistrsko	adverb	slv
operatorski	adverb	hbs	operatersko	adverb	slv
otomanski	adverb	hbs	otomansko	adverb	slv
panamski	adverb	hbs	panamsko	adverb	slv
peloponeški	adverb	hbs	peloponeško	adverb	slv
podgorički	adverb	hbs	podgoriško	adverb	slv
predrimski	adverb	hbs	predrimsko	adverb	slv
producentski	adverb	hbs	producentsko	adverb	slv
ribarski	adverb	hbs	ribolovsko	adverb	slv
rilski	adverb	hbs	rilsko	adverb	slv
samurajski	adverb	hbs	samurajsko	adverb	slv
singapurski	adverb	hbs	singapursko	adverb	slv
sirijski	adverb	hbs	sirsko	adverb	slv
slastičarski	adverb	hbs	slaščičarsko	adverb	slv
sponzorski	adverb	hbs	sponzorsko	adverb	slv
staroslavenski	adverb	hbs	staroslovensko	adverb	slv
staroslovenski	adverb	hbs	staroslovensko	adverb	slv
franjevački	adverb	hbs	frančiškansko	adverb	slv
hercegovački	adverb	hbs	hercegovsko	adverb	slv
avnojski	adverb	hbs	avnojsko	adverb	slv
autobiografski	adverb	hbs	autobiografsko	adverb	slv
automobilski	adverb	hbs	avtomobilsko	adverb	slv
administratorski	adverb	hbs	administratorsko	adverb	slv
akcionerski	adverb	hbs	delniško	adverb	slv
dioničarski	adverb	hbs	delničarsko	adverb	slv
akcionerski 	adverb	hbs	delničarsko	adverb	slv
aluminijski	adverb	hbs	aluminijsko	adverb	slv
ambasadorski	adverb	hbs	ambasadorsko	adverb	slv
antikorupcijski	adverb	hbs	protikorupcijsko	adverb	slv
antisemitski	adverb	hbs	antisemitsko	adverb	slv
arhivski	adverb	hbs	arhivsko	adverb	slv
bibliotekarski	adverb	hbs	knjižničarsko	adverb	slv
biokemijski	adverb	hbs	biokemijsko	adverb	slv
biohemijski	adverb	hbs	biokemijsko	adverb	slv
veteranski	adverb	hbs	veteransko	adverb	slv
violinski	adverb	hbs	violinsko	adverb	slv
garancijski	adverb	hbs	garancijsko	adverb	slv
kuharski	adverb	hbs	kuharsko	adverb	slv
guvernerski	adverb	hbs	guvernersko	adverb	slv
dublinski	adverb	hbs	dublinsko	adverb	slv
dablinski	adverb	hbs	dublinsko	adverb	slv
debitantski	adverb	hbs	debitantsko	adverb	slv
demonstracijski	adverb	hbs	demonstracijsko	adverb	slv
demokršćanski	adverb	hbs	demokrščansko	adverb	slv
demohrišćanski	adverb	hbs	krščanskodemokratsko	adverb	slv
direktorski	adverb	hbs	režijsko	adverb	slv
distribucijski	adverb	hbs	distribucijsko	adverb	slv
donatorski	adverb	hbs	donatorsko	adverb	slv
emigracijski	adverb	hbs	izseljeniško	adverb	slv
trubadurski	adverb	hbs	trubadursko	adverb	slv
žandarmerijski	adverb	hbs	žandarmerijsko	adverb	slv
inženjerski	adverb	hbs	inženirsko	adverb	slv
inovacijski	adverb	hbs	inovacijsko	adverb	slv
inspektorski	adverb	hbs	inšpektorsko	adverb	slv
inzulinski	adverb	hbs	inzulinsko	adverb	slv
insulinski	adverb	hbs	inzulinsko	adverb	slv
integracijski	adverb	hbs	integracijsko	adverb	slv
kabelski	adverb	hbs	kabelsko	adverb	slv
kanalizacijski	adverb	hbs	kanalizacijsko	adverb	slv
kanalizacijski	adverb	hbs	kanalizacijsko	adverb	slv
kvalifikacijski	adverb	hbs	kvalifikacijsko	adverb	slv
kilometarski	adverb	hbs	kilometersko	adverb	slv
kontejnerski	adverb	hbs	kontejnersko	adverb	slv
korupcijski	adverb	hbs	korupcijsko	adverb	slv
mandarinski	adverb	hbs	mandarinsko	adverb	slv
mentorski	adverb	hbs	mentorsko	adverb	slv
međustranački	adverb	hbs	medstrankarsko	adverb	slv
međureligijski	adverb	hbs	medversko	adverb	slv
migracijski	adverb	hbs	migracijsko	adverb	slv
mikroklimatski	adverb	hbs	mikroklimatsko	adverb	slv
milimetarski	adverb	hbs	milimetrsko	adverb	slv
većinski	adverb	hbs	večinsko	adverb	slv
muzejski	adverb	hbs	muzejsko	adverb	slv
nordijski	adverb	hbs	nordijsko	adverb	slv
odbojkaški	adverb	hbs	odbojkarsko	adverb	slv
okupatorski	adverb	hbs	okupatorsko	adverb	slv
paleolitski	adverb	hbs	paleolitsko	adverb	slv
mirovinski	adverb	hbs	pokojninsko	adverb	slv
penzijski	adverb	hbs	pokojninsko	adverb	slv
petrokemijski	adverb	hbs	petrokemijsko	adverb	slv
petrohemijski	adverb	hbs	petrokemijsko	adverb	slv
prekooceanski	adverb	hbs	prekooceansko	adverb	slv
prekookeanski	adverb	hbs	prekomorsko	adverb	slv
prištinski	adverb	hbs	prištinsko	adverb	slv
provincijski	adverb	hbs	pokrajinsko	adverb	slv
radiotelevizijski	adverb	hbs	radiotelevizijsko	adverb	slv
revizorski	adverb	hbs	revizorsko	adverb	slv
registarski	adverb	hbs	registrsko	adverb	slv
restauracijski	adverb	hbs	restavracijsko	adverb	slv
referendumski	adverb	hbs	referendumsko	adverb	slv
rudarski	adverb	hbs	rudarsko	adverb	slv
satelitski	adverb	hbs	satelitsko	adverb	slv
saudijski	adverb	hbs	savdsko	adverb	slv
sezonski	adverb	hbs	sezonsko	adverb	slv
serijski	adverb	hbs	serijsko	adverb	slv
simulacijski	adverb	hbs	simulacijsko	adverb	slv
simfonijski	adverb	hbs	simfonično	adverb	slv
sirijski	adverb	hbs	sirsko	adverb	slv
slalomski	adverb	hbs	slalomsko	adverb	slv
starateljski	adverb	hbs	skrbniško	adverb	slv
studijski	adverb	hbs	študijsko	adverb	slv
tandemski	adverb	hbs	tandemsko	adverb	slv
tektonski	adverb	hbs	tektonsko	adverb	slv
telekomski	adverb	hbs	poštarsko	adverb	slv
tinejdžerski	adverb	hbs	najstniško	adverb	slv
trakijski	adverb	hbs	trakijsko	adverb	slv
transatlantski	adverb	hbs	čezatlantsko	adverb	slv
transatlanski	adverb	hbs	čezatlantsko	adverb	slv
transmiterski	adverb	hbs	oddajniško	adverb	slv
odašiljački	adverb	hbs	oddajniško	adverb	slv
turkmenistanski	adverb	hbs	turkmensko	adverb	slv
farmaceutski	adverb	hbs	farmacevtsko	adverb	slv
hemijski	adverb	hbs	kemijsko	adverb	slv
kemoterapijski	adverb	hbs	kemoterapevtsko	adverb	slv
hemoterapijski	adverb	hbs	kemoterapevtsko	adverb	slv
zborski	adverb	hbs	zborovsko	adverb	slv
crnomorski	adverb	hbs	črnomorsko	adverb	slv
čileanski	adverb	hbs	čilsko	adverb	slv
članski	adverb	hbs	člansko	adverb	slv
švercerski	adverb	hbs	tihotapsko	adverb	slv
šerijatski	adverb	hbs	šeriatsko	adverb	slv
špediterski	adverb	hbs	špeditersko	adverb	slv
januarski	adverb	hbs	januarsko	adverb	slv
jonski	adverb	hbs	ionsko	adverb	slv
juniorski	adverb	hbs	juniorsko	adverb	slv
dejtonski	adverb	hbs	daytonsko	adverb	slv
komunistički	adverb	hbs	komunistično	adverb	slv
islamistički	adverb	hbs	islamsko	adverb	slv
optužilački	adverb	hbs	tožilsko	adverb	slv
alžirski	adverb	hbs	alžirsko	adverb	slv
kubanski	adverb	hbs	kubansko	adverb	slv
kuvajtski	adverb	hbs	kuvajtsko	adverb	slv
libanonski	adverb	hbs	libanonsko	adverb	slv
palestinski	adverb	hbs	palestinsko	adverb	slv
pionirski	adverb	hbs	pionirsko	adverb	slv
tiranski	adverb	hbs	tiransko	adverb	slv
bibliografski	adverb	hbs	bibliografsko	adverb	slv
dalmatinski	adverb	hbs	diktatorsko	adverb	slv
diktatorski	adverb	hbs	diktatorsko	adverb	slv
kanarski	adverb	hbs	kanarsko	adverb	slv
topografski	adverb	hbs	topografsko	adverb	slv
akcijski	adverb	hbs	akcijsko	adverb	slv
biografski	adverb	hbs	biografsko	adverb	slv
panoramski	adverb	hbs	panoramsko	adverb	slv
protutenkovski	adverb	hbs	protitankovsko	adverb	slv
rotacijski	adverb	hbs	rotacijsko	adverb	slv
farmakoterapeutski	adverb	hbs	zdravilsko	adverb	slv
funkcionerski	adverb	hbs	funkcionarsko	adverb	slv
jordanski	adverb	hbs	jordansko	adverb	slv
južnokorejski	adverb	hbs	južnokorejsko	adverb	slv
horski	adverb	hbs	zborovsko	adverb	slv
snajperski	adverb	hbs	ostrostrelsko	adverb	slv
protuavionski	adverb	hbs	protiletalsko	adverb	slv
psihosomatski	adverb	hbs	psihosomatsko	adverb	slv
veterinarski	adverb	hbs	veterinarsko	adverb	slv
svečenički	adverb	hbs	duhovniško	adverb	slv
berlinski	adverb	hbs	berlinsko	adverb	slv
trojanski	adverb	hbs	trojansko	adverb	slv
trostranački	adverb	hbs	tristransko	adverb	slv
socioekonomski	adverb	hbs	socialno-ekonomsko	adverb	slv
telekomunikacijski	adverb	hbs	telekomunikacijsko	adverb	slv
softverski	adverb	hbs	programsko	adverb	slv
demokratski	adverb	hbs	demokratsko	adverb	slv
proreformski	adverb	hbs	reformsko	adverb	slv
panevropski	adverb	hbs	vseevropsko	adverb	slv
partnerski	adverb	hbs	partnersko	adverb	slv
parfimerijski	adverb	hbs	parfumerijsko	adverb	slv
makroekonomski	adverb	hbs	makroekonomsko	adverb	slv
malokalibarski	adverb	hbs	malokalibrsko	adverb	slv
konvencijski	adverb	hbs	konvencijsko	adverb	slv
konditorski	adverb	hbs	konditorsko	adverb	slv
konzervatorski	adverb	hbs	konservatorsko	adverb	slv
kavkaski	adverb	hbs	kavkaško	adverb	slv
kanonski	adverb	hbs	kanonsko	adverb	slv
karnevalski	adverb	hbs	karnevalsko	adverb	slv
bankarski	adverb	hbs	bančniško	adverb	slv
aleksandrijski	adverb	hbs	aleksandrijsko	adverb	slv
amandmanski	adverb	hbs	amandmajsko	adverb	slv
amfiteatarski	adverb	hbs	amfiteatrsko	adverb	slv
sveštenički	adverb	hbs	svečeniško	adverb	slv
latinoamerički	adverb	hbs	latinskoameriško	adverb	slv
paraolimpijski	adverb	hbs	paraolimpijsko	adverb	slv
brodvejski	adverb	hbs	broadwaysko	adverb	slv
anatolijski	adverb	hbs	anatolsko	adverb	slv
šampionski	adverb	hbs	šampionsko	adverb	slv
šengenski	adverb	hbs	schengensko	adverb	slv
kandidatski	adverb	hbs	kandidatsko	adverb	slv
imovinski	adverb	hbs	nepremičninsko	adverb	slv
tripartitno	adverb	hbs	tristransko	adverb	slv
frankofono	adverb	hbs	frankofonsko	adverb	slv
doživotno	adverb	hbs	doživljensko	adverb	slv
neolitski	adverb	hbs	neolitsko	adverb	slv
oficerski	adverb	hbs	oficirsko	adverb	slv
četirmetarski	adverb	hbs	štirimetrsko	adverb	slv
malezijski	adverb	hbs	malezijsko	adverb	slv
hilendarski	adverb	hbs	hilendarsko	adverb	slv
holografski	adverb	hbs	holografsko	adverb	slv
antievropski	adverb	hbs	protievropsko	adverb	slv
antieuropski	adverb	hbs	protievropsko	adverb	slv
dvostranački	adverb	hbs	dvostrankarsko	adverb	slv
enciklopedijski	adverb	hbs	enciklopedijsko	adverb	slv
anglikanski	adverb	hbs	anglikansko	adverb	slv
antiturski	adverb	hbs	protiturško	adverb	slv
aramejski	adverb	hbs	aramejsko	adverb	slv
pavijanski	adverb	hbs	pavijansko	adverb	slv
kazahstanski	adverb	hbs	kazahstansko	adverb	slv
kozarski	adverb	hbs	kozarsko	adverb	slv
mikenski	adverb	hbs	mikensko	adverb	slv
neafrički	adverb	hbs	neafriško	adverb	slv
južnoeuropski	adverb	hbs	južnoevropsko	adverb	slv
južnoevropski	adverb	hbs	južnoevropsko	adverb	slv
hadžijski	adverb	hbs	hadžijsko	adverb	slv
helikopterski	adverb	hbs	helikoptersko	adverb	slv
hidroenergetski	adverb	hbs	hidroenergetsko	adverb	slv
centralnoazijski	adverb	hbs	srednjeazijsko	adverb	slv
srednjeazijski	adverb	hbs	srednjeazijsko	adverb	slv
festivalski	adverb	hbs	festivalsko	adverb	slv
izdržljivo	adverb	hbs	zdržljivo	adverb	slv
jezivo	adverb	hbs	grozno	adverb	slv
neodredivo	adverb	hbs	nedoločljivo	adverb	slv
neosjetljivo	adverb	hbs	neobčutljivo	adverb	slv
nepopustljivo	adverb	hbs	nepopustljivo	adverb	slv
nepovjerljivo	adverb	hbs	nezaupljivo	adverb	slv
nezanimljivo	adverb	hbs	nezanimivo	adverb	slv
pokretljivo	adverb	hbs	gibljivo	adverb	slv
preporučljivo	adverb	hbs	priporočljivo	adverb	slv
razumljivo	adverb	hbs	razumljivo	adverb	slv
uvjerljivo	adverb	hbs	prepričevalno	adverb	slv
uvredljivo	adverb	hbs	žaljivo	adverb	slv
uzbudljivo	adverb	hbs	razburljivo	adverb	slv
zavodljivo	adverb	hbs	zapeljivo	adverb	slv
poznato	adverb	hbs	znan	adverb	slv
preuzeto	adverb	hbs	prevzeto	adverb	slv
udobno	adverb	hbs	udobno	adverb	slv
privlačno	adverb	hbs	privlačno	adverb	slv
odsutno	adverb	hbs	odsotno	adverb	slv
osebujno	adverb	hbs	posebno	adverb	slv
posebno	adverb	hbs	posebej	adverb	slv
prilično	adverb	hbs	precej	adverb	slv
prilično	adverb	hbs	dokaj	adverb	slv
akutno	adverb	hbs	akutno	adverb	slv
apstrakno	adverb	hbs	abstraktno	adverb	slv
arhaično	adverb	hbs	arhaično	adverb	slv
autoritativno	adverb	hbs	avtoritativno	adverb	slv
banalno	adverb	hbs	banalno	adverb	slv
barokno	adverb	hbs	baročno	adverb	slv
bazično	adverb	hbs	bazično	adverb	slv
besramno	adverb	hbs	brezsramno	adverb	slv
bezopasno	adverb	hbs	varno	adverb	slv
bezumno	adverb	hbs	brezumno	adverb	slv
bijedno	adverb	hbs	bedno	adverb	slv
bitno	adverb	hbs	bistveno	adverb	slv
bučno	adverb	hbs	bučno	adverb	slv
budno	adverb	hbs	budno	adverb	slv
burno	adverb	hbs	burno	adverb	slv
degenerativno	adverb	hbs	degenerativno	adverb	slv
depresivno	adverb	hbs	depresivno	adverb	slv
dokumentarno	adverb	hbs	dokumentarno	adverb	slv
dominantno	adverb	hbs	dominantno	adverb	slv
dosljedno	adverb	hbs	dosledno	adverb	slv
dugoročno	adverb	hbs	dolgoročno	adverb	slv
genijalno	adverb	hbs	genialno	adverb	slv
gospodarski	adverb	hbs	gospodarsko	adverb	slv
glasno	adverb	hbs	glasno	adverb	slv
glomazno	adverb	hbs	glomazno	adverb	slv
grešno	adverb	hbs	grešno	adverb	slv
grozno	adverb	hbs	grozno	adverb	slv
inteligentno	adverb	hbs	inteligentno	adverb	slv
ispravno	adverb	hbs	pravilno	adverb	slv
jednakomjerno	adverb	hbs	enakomerno	adverb	slv
jednolično	adverb	hbs	enolično	adverb	slv
kompleksno	adverb	hbs	kompleksno	adverb	slv
konzervativno	adverb	hbs	konservativno	adverb	slv
kratkotrajno	adverb	hbs	kratkotrajno	adverb	slv
kreativno	adverb	hbs	kreativno	adverb	slv
kvalitetno	adverb	hbs	kvalitetno	adverb	slv
lagodno	adverb	hbs	lagodno	adverb	slv
ljubazno	adverb	hbs	ljubeznivo	adverb	slv
lojalno	adverb	hbs	lojalno	adverb	slv
masivno	adverb	hbs	masivno	adverb	slv
masno	adverb	hbs	mastno	adverb	slv
mjerodavno	adverb	hbs	pristojno	adverb	slv
mutno	adverb	hbs	motno	adverb	slv
naporno	adverb	hbs	naporno	adverb	slv
napredno	adverb	hbs	napredno	adverb	slv
nasilno	adverb	hbs	nasilno	adverb	slv
nedosljedno	adverb	hbs	nedosledno	adverb	slv
neiscrpno	adverb	hbs	neizčrpno	adverb	slv
nejasno	adverb	hbs	nejasno	adverb	slv
nekorisno	adverb	hbs	nekoristno	adverb	slv
nepotrebno	adverb	hbs	nepotrebno	adverb	slv
nepravedno	adverb	hbs	nepravično	adverb	slv
nepravilno	adverb	hbs	nepravilno	adverb	slv
neprijatno	adverb	hbs	neprijetno	adverb	slv
neprikladno	adverb	hbs	neprimerno	adverb	slv
neprilično	adverb	hbs	neugodno	adverb	slv
neprimjetno	adverb	hbs	nevidno	adverb	slv
neprofesionalno	adverb	hbs	neprofesionalno	adverb	slv
nerazumno	adverb	hbs	nerazumno	adverb	slv
nerealno	adverb	hbs	nerealno	adverb	slv
neslavno	adverb	hbs	neslavno	adverb	slv
nesnosno	adverb	hbs	neznosno	adverb	slv
nesposobno	adverb	hbs	nesposobno	adverb	slv
nespretno	adverb	hbs	nespretno	adverb	slv
nesretno	adverb	hbs	nesrečno	adverb	slv
nestabilno	adverb	hbs	nestabilno	adverb	slv
nestalno	adverb	hbs	nestalno	adverb	slv
nestvarno	adverb	hbs	nestvarno	adverb	slv
netočno	adverb	hbs	netočno	adverb	slv
neudobno	adverb	hbs	neudobno	adverb	slv
neugodno	adverb	hbs	neugodno	adverb	slv
neuspješno	adverb	hbs	neuspešno	adverb	slv
nevažno	adverb	hbs	nepomembno	adverb	slv
nevjerojatno	adverb	hbs	neverjetno	adverb	slv
nevjerovatno	adverb	hbs	neverjetno	adverb	slv
neznatno	adverb	hbs	neznatno	adverb	slv
nježno	adverb	hbs	nežno	adverb	slv
nužno	adverb	hbs	nujno	adverb	slv
objektivno	adverb	hbs	objektivno	adverb	slv
odlično	adverb	hbs	odlično	adverb	slv
odlučno	adverb	hbs	odločno	adverb	slv
odvažno	adverb	hbs	hrabro	adverb	slv
ogavno	adverb	hbs	ogabno	adverb	slv
okrutno	adverb	hbs	okrutno	adverb	slv
opsežno	adverb	hbs	obsežno	adverb	slv
optimistično	adverb	hbs	optimistično	adverb	slv
otporno	adverb	hbs	odporno	adverb	slv
plodno	adverb	hbs	plodno	adverb	slv
pobožno	adverb	hbs	pobožno	adverb	slv
podrobno	adverb	hbs	podrobno	adverb	slv
pogubno	adverb	hbs	pogubno	adverb	slv
pokorno	adverb	hbs	pokorno	adverb	slv
ponizno	adverb	hbs	ponižno	adverb	slv
ponosno	adverb	hbs	ponosno	adverb	slv
popularno	adverb	hbs	popularno	adverb	slv
poslušno	adverb	hbs	poslušno	adverb	slv
posredno	adverb	hbs	posredno	adverb	slv
pravedno	adverb	hbs	pravično	adverb	slv
predivno	adverb	hbs	lepo	adverb	slv
prestižno	adverb	hbs	prestižno	adverb	slv
prezirno	adverb	hbs	prezirno	adverb	slv
prijazno	adverb	hbs	prijazno	adverb	slv
prikladno	adverb	hbs	prikladno	adverb	slv
primitivno	adverb	hbs	primitivno	adverb	slv
primjetno	adverb	hbs	opazno	adverb	slv
pristojno	adverb	hbs	spodobno	adverb	slv
prodorno	adverb	hbs	prodorno	adverb	slv
radioaktivno	adverb	hbs	radioaktivno	adverb	slv
raskošno	adverb	hbs	razkošno	adverb	slv
ratoborno	adverb	hbs	bojevito	adverb	slv
razumno	adverb	hbs	razumno	adverb	slv
razvratno	adverb	hbs	razvratno	adverb	slv
ritmično	adverb	hbs	ritmično	adverb	slv
samotno	adverb	hbs	samotno	adverb	slv
savjesno	adverb	hbs	zavestno	adverb	slv
siromašno	adverb	hbs	siromašno	adverb	slv
sjajno	adverb	hbs	odlično	adverb	slv
skladno	adverb	hbs	skladno	adverb	slv
slabašno	adverb	hbs	slabotno	adverb	slv
smiješno	adverb	hbs	smešno	adverb	slv
sočno	adverb	hbs	sočno	adverb	slv
glasovito	adverb	hbs	vidno	adverb	slv
spektakularno	adverb	hbs	spektakularno	adverb	slv
sposobno	adverb	hbs	sposobno	adverb	slv
spretno	adverb	hbs	spretno	adverb	slv
sramotno	adverb	hbs	sramotno	adverb	slv
štetno	adverb	hbs	škodljivo	adverb	slv
strahotno	adverb	hbs	strahotno	adverb	slv
tačno	adverb	hbs	točno	adverb	slv
tamno	adverb	hbs	temno	adverb	slv
tolerantno	adverb	hbs	tolerantno	adverb	slv
trijezno	adverb	hbs	trezno	adverb	slv
turobno	adverb	hbs	turobno	adverb	slv
tužno	adverb	hbs	žalostno	adverb	slv
ukusno	adverb	hbs	okusno	adverb	slv
umno	adverb	hbs	umno	adverb	slv
ustrajno	adverb	hbs	vztrajno	adverb	slv
velikodušno	adverb	hbs	velikodušno	adverb	slv
vjerodostojno	adverb	hbs	verodostojno	adverb	slv
vulgarno	adverb	hbs	vulgarno	adverb	slv
zahtjevno	adverb	hbs	zahtevno	adverb	slv
zaslužno	adverb	hbs	zaslužno	adverb	slv
živahno	adverb	hbs	živahno	adverb	slv
zlobno	adverb	hbs	zlobno	adverb	slv
nezadovoljno	adverb	hbs	nezadovoljno	adverb	slv
nenormalno	adverb	hbs	nenormalno	adverb	slv
poslovno	adverb	hbs	poslovno	adverb	slv
ekstradirano	adverb	hbs	predano	adverb	slv
nepouzdano	adverb	hbs	nezanesljivo	adverb	slv
bogato	adverb	hbs	bogato	adverb	slv
duhovito	adverb	hbs	duhovito	adverb	slv
izrazito	adverb	hbs	izrazito	adverb	slv
silovito	adverb	hbs	silovito	adverb	slv
slikovito	adverb	hbs	slikovito	adverb	slv
tvrdoglavo	adverb	hbs	trdoglavo	adverb	slv
učinkovito	adverb	hbs	učinkovito	adverb	slv
ljutito	adverb	hbs	pekoče	adverb	slv
strmo	adverb	hbs	strmo	adverb	slv
živo	adverb	hbs	živo	adverb	slv
grubo	adverb	hbs	grobo	adverb	slv
drago	adverb	hbs	drago	adverb	slv
blago	adverb	hbs	milo	adverb	slv
trulo	adverb	hbs	trhlo	adverb	slv
dostojanstveno	adverb	hbs	dostojanstveno	adverb	slv
dragocjeno	adverb	hbs	dragoceno	adverb	slv
iskreno	adverb	hbs	iskreno	adverb	slv
lakomisleno	adverb	hbs	lahkomiselno	adverb	slv
lijeno	adverb	hbs	leno	adverb	slv
nadmeno	adverb	hbs	oholo	adverb	slv
neprimjereno	adverb	hbs	neprimerno	adverb	slv
neumjereno	adverb	hbs	neizmerno	adverb	slv
neuobičajeno	adverb	hbs	neobičajno	adverb	slv
pošteno	adverb	hbs	pošteno	adverb	slv
šareno	adverb	hbs	mavrično	adverb	slv
srčano	adverb	hbs	srčno	adverb	slv
autohtono	adverb	hbs	avtohtono	adverb	slv
humano	adverb	hbs	humano	adverb	slv
jeftino	adverb	hbs	poceni	adverb	slv
nepotpuno	adverb	hbs	nepopolno	adverb	slv
pouzdano	adverb	hbs	zanesljivo	adverb	slv
slano	adverb	hbs	slano	adverb	slv
redovito	adverb	hbs	redno	adverb	slv
rječito	adverb	hbs	besedno	adverb	slv
upotrebljivo	adverb	hbs	uporabno	adverb	slv
vidljivo	adverb	hbs	vidno	adverb	slv
čudnovato	adverb	hbs	čudno	adverb	slv
miroljubivo	adverb	hbs	miroljubno	adverb	slv
neredovito	adverb	hbs	neredno	adverb	slv
nestrpljivo	adverb	hbs	nestrpno	adverb	slv
nevidljivo	adverb	hbs	nevidno	adverb	slv
očito	adverb	hbs	očitno	adverb	slv
oholo	adverb	hbs	oholo	adverb	slv
popustljivo	adverb	hbs	popustljivo	adverb	slv
škrto	adverb	hbs	skopo	adverb	slv
svijetlo	adverb	hbs	svetlo	adverb	slv
okruglo	adverb	hbs	okroglo	adverb	slv
rahlo	adverb	hbs	rahlo	adverb	slv
održivo	adverb	hbs	trajno	adverb	slv
nezaposleno	adverb	hbs	nezaposleno	adverb	slv
plitko	adverb	hbs	plitvo	adverb	slv
bezbjedno	adverb	hbs	varno	adverb	slv
hrabro	adverb	hbs	hrabro	adverb	slv
bistro	adverb	hbs	bistro	adverb	slv
vedro	adverb	hbs	vedro	adverb	slv
inostrano	adverb	hbs	tuje	adverb	slv
krajnjo	adverb	hbs	končno	adverb	slv
obećavajuće	adverb	hbs	obljubljajoč	adverb	slv
odjekujuće	adverb	hbs	odmevajoč	adverb	slv
ohrabrujuće	adverb	hbs	ohrabrujoč	adverb	slv
strano	adverb	hbs	tuje	adverb	slv
sveučilišno	adverb	hbs	univerzitetno	adverb	slv
jutarnje	adverb	hbs	jutranje	adverb	slv
unutrašnje	adverb	hbs	notranje	adverb	slv
izborno	adverb	hbs	izbirno	adverb	slv
kontrolno	adverb	hbs	kontrolno	adverb	slv
dobrovoljački	adverb	hbs	prostovoljno	adverb	slv
milo	adverb	hbs	milo	adverb	slv
kiselo	adverb	hbs	kislo	adverb	slv
veselo	adverb	hbs	veselo	adverb	slv
neveselo	adverb	hbs	neveselo	adverb	slv
smjelo	adverb	hbs	okorelo	adverb	slv
vruće	adverb	hbs	vroče	adverb	slv
krepko	adverb	hbs	krepko	adverb	slv
krotko	adverb	hbs	krotko	adverb	slv
vitko	adverb	hbs	vitko	adverb	slv
krhko	adverb	hbs	krhko	adverb	slv
tanko	adverb	hbs	tanko	adverb	slv
zdepasto	adverb	hbs	debelo	adverb	slv
dojmljivo	adverb	hbs	dojemljivo	adverb	slv
megalomanski	adverb	hbs	megalomansko	adverb	slv
kosmopolitski	adverb	hbs	svetovljansko	adverb	slv
kozmopolitski	adverb	hbs	svetovljansko	adverb	slv
kantonski	adverb	hbs	kantonsko	adverb	slv
inflacijski	adverb	hbs	inflacijsko	adverb	slv
jermenski	adverb	hbs	armensko	adverb	slv
estetski	adverb	hbs	estetsko	adverb	slv
jednostranački	adverb	hbs	enostrankarsko	adverb	slv
jednopartijski	adverb	hbs	enostrankarsko	adverb	slv
diverzantski	adverb	hbs	diverzantsko	adverb	slv
dvopartijski	adverb	hbs	dvostransko	adverb	slv
gruzijski	adverb	hbs	gruzijsko	adverb	slv
geometrijski	adverb	hbs	geometrijsko	adverb	slv
birokratski	adverb	hbs	birokratsko	adverb	slv
vegetarijanski	adverb	hbs	vegetarijansko	adverb	slv
atletski	adverb	hbs	atletsko	adverb	slv
arhitektonski	adverb	hbs	arhitektonsko	adverb	slv
azerbejdžanski	adverb	hbs	azerbajdžansko	adverb	slv
autokratski	adverb	hbs	avtokratsko	adverb	slv
hititski	adverb	hbs	hetitsko	adverb	slv
huliganski	adverb	hbs	huligansko	adverb	slv
špijunski	adverb	hbs	vohunsko	adverb	slv
afganistanski	adverb	hbs	afganistansko	adverb	slv
pornografski	adverb	hbs	pornografsko	adverb	slv
okeanografski	adverb	hbs	oceanografsko	adverb	slv
kriptografski	adverb	hbs	kriptografsko	adverb	slv
dizajnerski	adverb	hbs	dizajnersko	adverb	slv
gangsterski	adverb	hbs	gangstersko	adverb	slv
azorski	adverb	hbs	azorsko	adverb	slv
antiamerički	adverb	hbs	protiameriško	adverb	slv
mađarski	adverb	hbs	madžarsko	adverb	slv
sunitski	adverb	hbs	sunitsko	adverb	slv
senegalski	adverb	hbs	senegalsko	adverb	slv
nacionalistički	adverb	hbs	nacionalistično	adverb	slv
litvanski	adverb	hbs	litovsko	adverb	slv
vijetnamski	adverb	hbs	vietnamsko	adverb	slv
bugarski	adverb	hbs	bolgarsko	adverb	slv
bjeloruski	adverb	hbs	belorusko	adverb	slv
svjetski	adverb	hbs	svetovno	adverb	slv
sibirski	adverb	hbs	sibirsko	adverb	slv
pozicionerski	adverb	hbs	pozicijsko	adverb	slv
latvijski	adverb	hbs	latvijsko	adverb	slv
oceanografski	adverb	hbs	oceanografsko	adverb	slv
finski	adverb	hbs	finsko	adverb	slv
čečenski	adverb	hbs	čečensko	adverb	slv
ukrajinski	adverb	hbs	ukrajinsko	adverb	slv
sudanski	adverb	hbs	sudansko	adverb	slv
makedonski	adverb	hbs	makedonsko	adverb	slv
iranski	adverb	hbs	iransko	adverb	slv
desničarski	adverb	hbs	desničarsko	adverb	slv
albanski	adverb	hbs	albansko	adverb	slv
janjičarski	adverb	hbs	janičarsko	adverb	slv
siječanjski	adverb	hbs	januarsko	adverb	slv
uzbekistanski	adverb	hbs	uzbekistansko	adverb	slv
fantomski	adverb	hbs	fantomsko	adverb	slv
trubadurski	adverb	hbs	trubadursko	adverb	slv
tomografski	adverb	hbs	tomografsko	adverb	slv
stabilizatorski	adverb	hbs	stabilizacijsko	adverb	slv
stabilizacijski	adverb	hbs	stabilizacijsko	adverb	slv
rujanski	adverb	hbs	septembersko	adverb	slv
suparnički	adverb	hbs	rivalsko	adverb	slv
robotski	adverb	hbs	robotsko	adverb	slv
privatizacijski	adverb	hbs	privatizacijsko	adverb	slv
poluautomatski	adverb	hbs	polavtomatsko	adverb	slv
poluavtomatski	adverb	hbs	polavtomatsko	adverb	slv
spisateljski	adverb	hbs	pisateljsko	adverb	slv
okeanografski	adverb	hbs	oceanografsko	adverb	slv
poetski	adverb	hbs	poetsko	adverb	slv
prosrpski	adverb	hbs	prosrbsko	adverb	slv
pilotski	adverb	hbs	pilotsko	adverb	slv
papinski	adverb	hbs	papeško	adverb	slv
nezakonski	adverb	hbs	nezakonsko	adverb	slv
bezbjedonosno	adverb	hbs	varnostno	adverb	slv
više	adverb	hbs	bolj	adverb	slv
najviše	adverb	hbs	najbolj	adverb	slv
zlo	adverb	hbs	hudobno	adverb	slv
loše	adverb	hbs	slabe	adverb	slv
loše	adverb	hbs	slabe	adverb	slv
loše	adverb	hbs	slabe	adverb	slv
fer	adverb	hbs	pošteno	adverb	slv
fer	adverb	hbs	pošteno	adverb	slv
neto	adverb	hbs	čisto	adverb	slv
zdravo	adverb	hbs	zdravo	adverb	slv
zdravo	adverb	hbs	zdravo	adverb	slv
bijelo	adverb	hbs	belo	adverb	slv
bijelo	adverb	hbs	belo	adverb	slv
bijelo	adverb	hbs	belo	adverb	slv
cijelo	adverb	hbs	docela	adverb	slv
cijelo	adverb	hbs	docela	adverb	slv
cijelo	adverb	hbs	docela	adverb	slv
zabrinuto	adverb	hbs	zaskrbljeno	adverb	slv
zabrinuto	adverb	hbs	zaskrbljeno	adverb	slv
zabrinuto	adverb	hbs	zaskrbljeno	adverb	slv
vlastito	adverb	hbs	lastno	adverb	slv
vlastito	adverb	hbs	lastno	adverb	slv
vlastito	adverb	hbs	lastno	adverb	slv
nevino	adverb	hbs	nedolžno	adverb	slv
nevino	adverb	hbs	nedolžno	adverb	slv
plemenito	adverb	hbs	žlahtno	adverb	slv
plemenito	adverb	hbs	žlahtno	adverb	slv
plemenito	adverb	hbs	žlahtno	adverb	slv
različito	adverb	hbs	različno	adverb	slv
raznoliko	adverb	hbs	raznovrstno	adverb	slv
raznoliko	adverb	hbs	raznovrstno	adverb	slv
cjelovito	adverb	hbs	celovito	adverb	slv
potpuno	adverb	hbs	popolno	adverb	slv
zarazno	adverb	hbs	kužno	adverb	slv
zarazno	adverb	hbs	kužno	adverb	slv
zarazno	adverb	hbs	kužno	adverb	slv
pripravno	adverb	hbs	pripravno	adverb	slv
uslovno	adverb	hbs	provizorično	adverb	slv
uslovno	adverb	hbs	provizorično	adverb	slv
uslovno	adverb	hbs	provizorično	adverb	slv
namjerno	adverb	hbs	namerno	adverb	slv
namjerno	adverb	hbs	namerno	adverb	slv
namjerno	adverb	hbs	namerno	adverb	slv
hotimično	adverb	hbs	namerno	adverb	slv
hotimično	adverb	hbs	namerno	adverb	slv
hotimično	adverb	hbs	namerno	adverb	slv
sustavno	adverb	hbs	sistematično	adverb	slv
sustavno	adverb	hbs	sistematično	adverb	slv
sustavno	adverb	hbs	sistematično	adverb	slv
kružno	adverb	hbs	krožno	adverb	slv
kružno	adverb	hbs	krožno	adverb	slv
kružno	adverb	hbs	krožno	adverb	slv
ponovno	adverb	hbs	ponovno	adverb	slv
ponovno	adverb	hbs	ponovno	adverb	slv
ponovno	adverb	hbs	ponovno	adverb	slv
autentično	adverb	hbs	avtentično	adverb	slv
autentično	adverb	hbs	avtentično	adverb	slv
autentično	adverb	hbs	avtentično	adverb	slv
autonomno	adverb	hbs	samostojno	adverb	slv
agresivno	adverb	hbs	napadalno	adverb	slv
administrativno	adverb	hbs	administrativno	adverb	slv
administrativno	adverb	hbs	administrativno	adverb	slv
administrativno	adverb	hbs	administrativno	adverb	slv
aktivno	adverb	hbs	aktivno	adverb	slv
aktualno	adverb	hbs	aktualno	adverb	slv
ambiciozno	adverb	hbs	ambiciozno	adverb	slv
anonimno	adverb	hbs	anonimno	adverb	slv
anonimno	adverb	hbs	anonimno	adverb	slv
anonimno	adverb	hbs	anonimno	adverb	slv
bilateralno	adverb	hbs	dvostransko	adverb	slv
bilateralno	adverb	hbs	dvostransko	adverb	slv
bilateralno	adverb	hbs	dvostransko	adverb	slv
bolno	adverb	hbs	boleč	adverb	slv
bolno	adverb	hbs	boleč	adverb	slv
bolno	adverb	hbs	boleč	adverb	slv
brutalno	adverb	hbs	brutalno	adverb	slv
brutalno	adverb	hbs	brutalno	adverb	slv
brutalno	adverb	hbs	brutalno	adverb	slv
važno	adverb	hbs	važno	adverb	slv
verbalno	adverb	hbs	ustno	adverb	slv
verbalno	adverb	hbs	ustno	adverb	slv
verbalno	adverb	hbs	ustno	adverb	slv
vječno	adverb	hbs	vekomaj	adverb	slv
vječno	adverb	hbs	vekomaj	adverb	slv
vječno	adverb	hbs	vekomaj	adverb	slv
vazdušno	adverb	hbs	zračno	adverb	slv
zračno	adverb	hbs	zračno	adverb	slv
grandiozno	adverb	hbs	veličastno	adverb	slv
izravno	adverb	hbs	neposredno	adverb	slv
duhovno	adverb	hbs	duhovno	adverb	slv
duhovno	adverb	hbs	duhovno	adverb	slv
duhovno	adverb	hbs	duhovno	adverb	slv
električno	adverb	hbs	električno	adverb	slv
električno	adverb	hbs	električno	adverb	slv
električno	adverb	hbs	električno	adverb	slv
emocionalno	adverb	hbs	čustveno	adverb	slv
emocionalno	adverb	hbs	čustveno	adverb	slv
emocionalno	adverb	hbs	čustveno	adverb	slv
zabavno	adverb	hbs	zabavno	adverb	slv
zadovoljno	adverb	hbs	zadovoljno	adverb	slv
zvučno	adverb	hbs	zvočno	adverb	slv
zvučno	adverb	hbs	zvočno	adverb	slv
zvučno	adverb	hbs	zvočno	adverb	slv
ilegalno	adverb	hbs	nezakonito	adverb	slv
ilegalno	adverb	hbs	nezakonito	adverb	slv
ilegalno	adverb	hbs	nezakonito	adverb	slv
individualno	adverb	hbs	posamezno	adverb	slv
individualno	adverb	hbs	posamezno	adverb	slv
individualno	adverb	hbs	posamezno	adverb	slv
internacionalno	adverb	hbs	mednarodno	adverb	slv
internacionalno	adverb	hbs	mednarodno	adverb	slv
internacionalno	adverb	hbs	mednarodno	adverb	slv
intimno	adverb	hbs	intimno	adverb	slv
informativno	adverb	hbs	informativno	adverb	slv
informativno	adverb	hbs	informativno	adverb	slv
informativno	adverb	hbs	informativno	adverb	slv
iznimno	adverb	hbs	izjemno	adverb	slv
iznimno	adverb	hbs	izjemno	adverb	slv
iznimno	adverb	hbs	izjemno	adverb	slv
katastrofalno	adverb	hbs	katastrofalno	adverb	slv
katastrofalno	adverb	hbs	katastrofalno	adverb	slv
katastrofalno	adverb	hbs	katastrofalno	adverb	slv
kolektivno	adverb	hbs	družno	adverb	slv
kolektivno	adverb	hbs	družno	adverb	slv
kolektivno	adverb	hbs	družno	adverb	slv
konačno	adverb	hbs	končno	adverb	slv
konstruktivno	adverb	hbs	konstruktivno	adverb	slv
konstruktivno	adverb	hbs	konstruktivno	adverb	slv
konstruktivno	adverb	hbs	konstruktivno	adverb	slv
kriminalno	adverb	hbs	kazensko	adverb	slv
kriminalno	adverb	hbs	kazensko	adverb	slv
kriminalno	adverb	hbs	kazensko	adverb	slv
kristalno	adverb	hbs	kristalno	adverb	slv
kristalno	adverb	hbs	kristalno	adverb	slv
kristalno	adverb	hbs	kristalno	adverb	slv
kulturno	adverb	hbs	kulturno	adverb	slv
kulturno	adverb	hbs	kulturno	adverb	slv
kulturno	adverb	hbs	kulturno	adverb	slv
lažno	adverb	hbs	lažno	adverb	slv
lažno	adverb	hbs	lažno	adverb	slv
lažno	adverb	hbs	lažno	adverb	slv
legalno	adverb	hbs	zakonito	adverb	slv
legalno	adverb	hbs	zakonito	adverb	slv
legalno	adverb	hbs	zakonito	adverb	slv
legendarno	adverb	hbs	legendarno	adverb	slv
legendarno	adverb	hbs	legendarno	adverb	slv
legendarno	adverb	hbs	legendarno	adverb	slv
legitimno	adverb	hbs	zakonito	adverb	slv
legitimno	adverb	hbs	zakonito	adverb	slv
legitimno	adverb	hbs	zakonito	adverb	slv
liberalno	adverb	hbs	liberalno	adverb	slv
osobno	adverb	hbs	osebno	adverb	slv
osobno	adverb	hbs	osebno	adverb	slv
lokalno	adverb	hbs	lokalno	adverb	slv
lokalno	adverb	hbs	lokalno	adverb	slv
lokalno	adverb	hbs	lokalno	adverb	slv
maksimalno	adverb	hbs	maksimalno	adverb	slv
maksimalno	adverb	hbs	maksimalno	adverb	slv
maksimalno	adverb	hbs	maksimalno	adverb	slv
masovno	adverb	hbs	masovno	adverb	slv
masovno	adverb	hbs	masovno	adverb	slv
masovno	adverb	hbs	masovno	adverb	slv
materijalno	adverb	hbs	materialno	adverb	slv
materijalno	adverb	hbs	materialno	adverb	slv
materijalno	adverb	hbs	materialno	adverb	slv
minimalno	adverb	hbs	minimalno	adverb	slv
minimalno	adverb	hbs	minimalno	adverb	slv
minimalno	adverb	hbs	minimalno	adverb	slv
mirno	adverb	hbs	mirno	adverb	slv
misteriozno	adverb	hbs	skrivnostno	adverb	slv
mliječno	adverb	hbs	mlečno	adverb	slv
mliječno	adverb	hbs	mlečno	adverb	slv
mliječno	adverb	hbs	mlečno	adverb	slv
mobilno	adverb	hbs	mobilno	adverb	slv
mobilno	adverb	hbs	mobilno	adverb	slv
mobilno	adverb	hbs	mobilno	adverb	slv
moderno	adverb	hbs	moderno	adverb	slv
mogućno	adverb	hbs	mogoče	adverb	slv
mogućno	adverb	hbs	mogoče	adverb	slv
mogućno	adverb	hbs	mogoče	adverb	slv
momentalno	adverb	hbs	trenutno	adverb	slv
momentalno	adverb	hbs	trenutno	adverb	slv
momentalno	adverb	hbs	trenutno	adverb	slv
trenutačno	adverb	hbs	trenutno	adverb	slv
trenutačno	adverb	hbs	trenutno	adverb	slv
trenutačno	adverb	hbs	trenutno	adverb	slv
moralno	adverb	hbs	moralno	adverb	slv
moralno	adverb	hbs	moralno	adverb	slv
moralno	adverb	hbs	moralno	adverb	slv
mračno	adverb	hbs	mrko	adverb	slv
mračno	adverb	hbs	mrko	adverb	slv
mračno	adverb	hbs	mrko	adverb	slv
nadležno	adverb	hbs	pristojno	adverb	slv
nacionalno	adverb	hbs	nacionalno	adverb	slv
nacionalno	adverb	hbs	nacionalno	adverb	slv
nacionalno	adverb	hbs	nacionalno	adverb	slv
nedovoljno	adverb	hbs	nezadostno	adverb	slv
nedovoljno	adverb	hbs	nezadostno	adverb	slv
nedovoljno	adverb	hbs	nezadostno	adverb	slv
nezavisno	adverb	hbs	neodvisno	adverb	slv
nezavisno	adverb	hbs	neodvisno	adverb	slv
nezavisno	adverb	hbs	neodvisno	adverb	slv
nelegalno	adverb	hbs	nezakonito	adverb	slv
nelegalno	adverb	hbs	nezakonito	adverb	slv
nelegalno	adverb	hbs	nezakonito	adverb	slv
nedavno	adverb	hbs	nedavno	adverb	slv
nedavno	adverb	hbs	nedavno	adverb	slv
nedavno	adverb	hbs	nedavno	adverb	slv
neodložno	adverb	hbs	neodložljivo	adverb	slv
neodložno	adverb	hbs	neodložljivo	adverb	slv
neodložno	adverb	hbs	neodložljivo	adverb	slv
nervozno	adverb	hbs	nervozno	adverb	slv
nervozno	adverb	hbs	nervozno	adverb	slv
nervozno	adverb	hbs	nervozno	adverb	slv
neozbiljno	adverb	hbs	neresno	adverb	slv
neumorno	adverb	hbs	neutrudno	adverb	slv
neumorno	adverb	hbs	neutrudno	adverb	slv
neumorno	adverb	hbs	neutrudno	adverb	slv
normalno	adverb	hbs	normalno	adverb	slv
obično	adverb	hbs	navadno	adverb	slv
obično	adverb	hbs	navadno	adverb	slv
obično	adverb	hbs	navadno	adverb	slv
ogromno	adverb	hbs	ogromno	adverb	slv
ogromno	adverb	hbs	ogromno	adverb	slv
ogromno	adverb	hbs	ogromno	adverb	slv
odgovorno	adverb	hbs	odgovorno	adverb	slv
operativno	adverb	hbs	operativno	adverb	slv
operativno	adverb	hbs	operativno	adverb	slv
operativno	adverb	hbs	operativno	adverb	slv
optimalno	adverb	hbs	optimalno	adverb	slv
originalno	adverb	hbs	originalno	adverb	slv
osnovno	adverb	hbs	osnovno	adverb	slv
otrovno	adverb	hbs	strupeno	adverb	slv
otrovno	adverb	hbs	strupeno	adverb	slv
otrovno	adverb	hbs	strupeno	adverb	slv
oficijalno	adverb	hbs	uradno	adverb	slv
oficijalno	adverb	hbs	uradno	adverb	slv
oficijalno	adverb	hbs	uradno	adverb	slv
paralelno	adverb	hbs	vzporedno	adverb	slv
paralelno	adverb	hbs	vzporedno	adverb	slv
paralelno	adverb	hbs	vzporedno	adverb	slv
parlamentarno	adverb	hbs	parlamentarno	adverb	slv
parlamentarno	adverb	hbs	parlamentarno	adverb	slv
parlamentarno	adverb	hbs	parlamentarno	adverb	slv
pasivno	adverb	hbs	pasivno	adverb	slv
pasivno	adverb	hbs	pasivno	adverb	slv
pasivno	adverb	hbs	pasivno	adverb	slv
plastično	adverb	hbs	plastično	adverb	slv
plastično	adverb	hbs	plastično	adverb	slv
plastično	adverb	hbs	plastično	adverb	slv
pobjedonosno	adverb	hbs	zmagoslavno	adverb	slv
pobjedonosno	adverb	hbs	zmagoslavno	adverb	slv
pobjedonosno	adverb	hbs	zmagoslavno	adverb	slv
pogrešno	adverb	hbs	nepravo	adverb	slv
pogrešno	adverb	hbs	nepravo	adverb	slv
pogrešno	adverb	hbs	nepravo	adverb	slv
pozitivno	adverb	hbs	pozitivno	adverb	slv
potencijalno	adverb	hbs	potencialno	adverb	slv
potencijalno	adverb	hbs	potencialno	adverb	slv
potencijalno	adverb	hbs	potencialno	adverb	slv
pravilno	adverb	hbs	prav	adverb	slv
pravilno	adverb	hbs	prav	adverb	slv
pravilno	adverb	hbs	prav	adverb	slv
pravoslavno	adverb	hbs	ortodoksno	adverb	slv
pravoslavno	adverb	hbs	ortodoksno	adverb	slv
pravoslavno	adverb	hbs	ortodoksno	adverb	slv
praktično	adverb	hbs	praktično	adverb	slv
praktično	adverb	hbs	praktično	adverb	slv
praktično	adverb	hbs	praktično	adverb	slv
preliminarno	adverb	hbs	predhodno	adverb	slv
preliminarno	adverb	hbs	predhodno	adverb	slv
preliminarno	adverb	hbs	predhodno	adverb	slv
precizno	adverb	hbs	precizno	adverb	slv
proporcionalno	adverb	hbs	sorazmerno	adverb	slv
proporcionalno	adverb	hbs	sorazmerno	adverb	slv
proporcionalno	adverb	hbs	sorazmerno	adverb	slv
prostorno	adverb	hbs	fizično	adverb	slv
prostorno	adverb	hbs	fizično	adverb	slv
prostorno	adverb	hbs	fizično	adverb	slv
profesionalno	adverb	hbs	poklicno	adverb	slv
profesionalno	adverb	hbs	poklicno	adverb	slv
profesionalno	adverb	hbs	poklicno	adverb	slv
radikalno	adverb	hbs	radikalno	adverb	slv
realno	adverb	hbs	realno	adverb	slv
regionalno	adverb	hbs	regionalno	adverb	slv
redovno	adverb	hbs	redno	adverb	slv
relativno	adverb	hbs	relativno	adverb	slv
romantično	adverb	hbs	romantično	adverb	slv
romantično	adverb	hbs	romantično	adverb	slv
romantično	adverb	hbs	romantično	adverb	slv
sanitarno	adverb	hbs	sanitarno	adverb	slv
sanitarno	adverb	hbs	sanitarno	adverb	slv
sanitarno	adverb	hbs	sanitarno	adverb	slv
seksualno	adverb	hbs	spolno	adverb	slv
seksualno	adverb	hbs	spolno	adverb	slv
seksualno	adverb	hbs	spolno	adverb	slv
sigurno	adverb	hbs	varno	adverb	slv
silno	adverb	hbs	silno	adverb	slv
simpatično	adverb	hbs	simpatično	adverb	slv
simpatično	adverb	hbs	simpatično	adverb	slv
simpatično	adverb	hbs	simpatično	adverb	slv
slično	adverb	hbs	podobno	adverb	slv
slično	adverb	hbs	podobno	adverb	slv
slično	adverb	hbs	podobno	adverb	slv
smrtonosno	adverb	hbs	smrtonosno	adverb	slv
solidarno	adverb	hbs	solidarno	adverb	slv
solidarno	adverb	hbs	solidarno	adverb	slv
solidarno	adverb	hbs	solidarno	adverb	slv
socijalno	adverb	hbs	socialno	adverb	slv
socijalno	adverb	hbs	socialno	adverb	slv
socijalno	adverb	hbs	socialno	adverb	slv
specijalno	adverb	hbs	specialno	adverb	slv
specijalno	adverb	hbs	specialno	adverb	slv
specijalno	adverb	hbs	specialno	adverb	slv
sporno	adverb	hbs	sporno	adverb	slv
stabilno	adverb	hbs	stabilno	adverb	slv
strašno	adverb	hbs	strašno	adverb	slv
teritorijalno	adverb	hbs	teritorialno	adverb	slv
teritorijalno	adverb	hbs	teritorialno	adverb	slv
teritorijalno	adverb	hbs	teritorialno	adverb	slv
tipično	adverb	hbs	značilno	adverb	slv
tragično	adverb	hbs	tragično	adverb	slv
tragično	adverb	hbs	tragično	adverb	slv
tragično	adverb	hbs	tragično	adverb	slv
užasno	adverb	hbs	strašno	adverb	slv
uspješno	adverb	hbs	uspešno	adverb	slv
ustavno	adverb	hbs	ustavno	adverb	slv
ustavno	adverb	hbs	ustavno	adverb	slv
ustavno	adverb	hbs	ustavno	adverb	slv
fantastično	adverb	hbs	fantastično	adverb	slv
fantastično	adverb	hbs	fantastično	adverb	slv
fantastično	adverb	hbs	fantastično	adverb	slv
fatalno	adverb	hbs	usodno	adverb	slv
hronično	adverb	hbs	kronično	adverb	slv
hronično	adverb	hbs	kronično	adverb	slv
hronično	adverb	hbs	kronično	adverb	slv
cjelokupno	adverb	hbs	celotno	adverb	slv
cjelokupno	adverb	hbs	celotno	adverb	slv
cjelokupno	adverb	hbs	celotno	adverb	slv
čudesno	adverb	hbs	čudežno	adverb	slv
čudesno	adverb	hbs	čudežno	adverb	slv
jasno	adverb	hbs	jasno	adverb	slv
djelomično	adverb	hbs	delno	adverb	slv
djelomično	adverb	hbs	delno	adverb	slv
djelomično	adverb	hbs	delno	adverb	slv
djelimično	adverb	hbs	deloma	adverb	slv
djelimično	adverb	hbs	deloma	adverb	slv
djelimično	adverb	hbs	deloma	adverb	slv
dobrovoljno	adverb	hbs	hotno	adverb	slv
dobrovoljno	adverb	hbs	hotno	adverb	slv
dobrovoljno	adverb	hbs	hotno	adverb	slv
dovoljno	adverb	hbs	dovolj	adverb	slv
dovoljno	adverb	hbs	dovolj	adverb	slv
dovoljno	adverb	hbs	dovolj	adverb	slv
jednoglasno	adverb	hbs	soglasno	adverb	slv
jednoglasno	adverb	hbs	soglasno	adverb	slv
jednoglasno	adverb	hbs	soglasno	adverb	slv
efikasno	adverb	hbs	učinkovito	adverb	slv
kontroverzno	adverb	hbs	sporno	adverb	slv
ovalno	adverb	hbs	ovalno	adverb	slv
ovalno	adverb	hbs	ovalno	adverb	slv
ovalno	adverb	hbs	ovalno	adverb	slv
unilateralno	adverb	hbs	enostransko	adverb	slv
unilateralno	adverb	hbs	enostransko	adverb	slv
unilateralno	adverb	hbs	enostransko	adverb	slv
okvirno	adverb	hbs	približno	adverb	slv
okvirno	adverb	hbs	približno	adverb	slv
okvirno	adverb	hbs	približno	adverb	slv
neformalno	adverb	hbs	neuradno	adverb	slv
neformalno	adverb	hbs	neuradno	adverb	slv
neformalno	adverb	hbs	neuradno	adverb	slv
tradicionalno	adverb	hbs	tradicionalno	adverb	slv
tradicionalno	adverb	hbs	tradicionalno	adverb	slv
tradicionalno	adverb	hbs	tradicionalno	adverb	slv
značajno	adverb	hbs	znatno	adverb	slv
samostalno	adverb	hbs	neodvisno	adverb	slv
samostalno	adverb	hbs	neodvisno	adverb	slv
samostalno	adverb	hbs	neodvisno	adverb	slv
trajno	adverb	hbs	trajno	adverb	slv
zakazano	adverb	hbs	predvidoma	adverb	slv
zakazano	adverb	hbs	predvidoma	adverb	slv
zakazano	adverb	hbs	predvidoma	adverb	slv
izabrano	adverb	hbs	izbrano	adverb	slv
izabrano	adverb	hbs	izbrano	adverb	slv
izabrano	adverb	hbs	izbrano	adverb	slv
kontinuirano	adverb	hbs	neprekinjeno	adverb	slv
kontinuirano	adverb	hbs	neprekinjeno	adverb	slv
kontinuirano	adverb	hbs	neprekinjeno	adverb	slv
organizirano	adverb	hbs	organizirano	adverb	slv
organizirano	adverb	hbs	organizirano	adverb	slv
organizirano	adverb	hbs	organizirano	adverb	slv
postojano	adverb	hbs	enakomerno	adverb	slv
svečano	adverb	hbs	svečano	adverb	slv
svečano	adverb	hbs	svečano	adverb	slv
svečano	adverb	hbs	svečano	adverb	slv
jednostrano	adverb	hbs	enostransko	adverb	slv
jednostrano	adverb	hbs	enostransko	adverb	slv
jednostrano	adverb	hbs	enostransko	adverb	slv
žestoko	adverb	hbs	sunkovito	adverb	slv
čisto	adverb	hbs	čisto	adverb	slv
čvrsto	adverb	hbs	trdno	adverb	slv
često	adverb	hbs	neredko	adverb	slv
često	adverb	hbs	neredko	adverb	slv
često	adverb	hbs	neredko	adverb	slv
crno	adverb	hbs	črno	adverb	slv
crno	adverb	hbs	črno	adverb	slv
žuto	adverb	hbs	rumeno	adverb	slv
žuto	adverb	hbs	rumeno	adverb	slv
žuto	adverb	hbs	rumeno	adverb	slv
ljuto	adverb	hbs	jezno	adverb	slv
ljuto	adverb	hbs	jezno	adverb	slv
ljuto	adverb	hbs	jezno	adverb	slv
kruto	adverb	hbs	kruto	adverb	slv
jako	adverb	hbs	zelo	adverb	slv
jako	adverb	hbs	zelo	adverb	slv
jako	adverb	hbs	zelo	adverb	slv
borbeno	adverb	hbs	boreče	adverb	slv
borbeno	adverb	hbs	boreče	adverb	slv
borbeno	adverb	hbs	boreče	adverb	slv
tupo	adverb	hbs	topo	adverb	slv
tupo	adverb	hbs	topo	adverb	slv
brzo	adverb	hbs	brž	adverb	slv
brzo	adverb	hbs	brž	adverb	slv
brzo	adverb	hbs	brž	adverb	slv
gladno	adverb	hbs	lačno	adverb	slv
gladno	adverb	hbs	lačno	adverb	slv
gladno	adverb	hbs	lačno	adverb	slv
svakodnevno	adverb	hbs	vsakodnevno	adverb	slv
svakodnevno	adverb	hbs	vsakodnevno	adverb	slv
svakodnevno	adverb	hbs	vsakodnevno	adverb	slv
vrijedno	adverb	hbs	vredno	adverb	slv
ružno	adverb	hbs	rožno	adverb	slv
ružno	adverb	hbs	rožno	adverb	slv
ružno	adverb	hbs	rožno	adverb	slv
stvarno	adverb	hbs	stvarno	adverb	slv
suho	adverb	hbs	suho	adverb	slv
suho	adverb	hbs	suho	adverb	slv
visoko	adverb	hbs	visoko	adverb	slv
visoko	adverb	hbs	visoko	adverb	slv
visoko	adverb	hbs	visoko	adverb	slv
crveno	adverb	hbs	rdeč	adverb	slv
crveno	adverb	hbs	rdeč	adverb	slv
crveno	adverb	hbs	rdeč	adverb	slv
prljavo	adverb	hbs	nečisto	adverb	slv
suvo	adverb	hbs	suho	adverb	slv
suvo	adverb	hbs	suho	adverb	slv
novo	adverb	hbs	novo	adverb	slv
povjerljivo	adverb	hbs	zaupno	adverb	slv
jedinstveno	adverb	hbs	edinstveno	adverb	slv
jedinstveno	adverb	hbs	edinstveno	adverb	slv
jedinstveno	adverb	hbs	edinstveno	adverb	slv
sjedinjeno	adverb	hbs	složno	adverb	slv
zagriženo	adverb	hbs	odlično	adverb	slv
zdravstveno	adverb	hbs	zdravstveno	adverb	slv
zdravstveno	adverb	hbs	zdravstveno	adverb	slv
zdravstveno	adverb	hbs	zdravstveno	adverb	slv
zeleno	adverb	hbs	zeleno	adverb	slv
zeleno	adverb	hbs	zeleno	adverb	slv
kameno	adverb	hbs	kameno	adverb	slv
kameno	adverb	hbs	kameno	adverb	slv
kameno	adverb	hbs	kameno	adverb	slv
medeno	adverb	hbs	medeno	adverb	slv
medeno	adverb	hbs	medeno	adverb	slv
medeno	adverb	hbs	medeno	adverb	slv
otvoreno	adverb	hbs	odprto	adverb	slv
otvoreno	adverb	hbs	odprto	adverb	slv
otvoreno	adverb	hbs	odprto	adverb	slv
privremeno	adverb	hbs	zasilno	adverb	slv
privremeno	adverb	hbs	zasilno	adverb	slv
privremeno	adverb	hbs	zasilno	adverb	slv
složeno	adverb	hbs	kompleksno	adverb	slv
prihvatljivo	adverb	hbs	sprejemljivo	adverb	slv
službeno	adverb	hbs	službeno	adverb	slv
službeno	adverb	hbs	službeno	adverb	slv
službeno	adverb	hbs	službeno	adverb	slv
sivo	adverb	hbs	sivo	adverb	slv
sivo	adverb	hbs	sivo	adverb	slv
sivo	adverb	hbs	sivo	adverb	slv
neprihvatljivo	adverb	hbs	nepriljubljeno	adverb	slv
neprihvatljivo	adverb	hbs	nepriljubljeno	adverb	slv
neprihvatljivo	adverb	hbs	nepriljubljeno	adverb	slv
glatko	adverb	hbs	gladko	adverb	slv
glatko	adverb	hbs	gladko	adverb	slv
odijeljeno	adverb	hbs	ločeno	adverb	slv
odijeljeno	adverb	hbs	ločeno	adverb	slv
odijeljeno	adverb	hbs	ločeno	adverb	slv
vodeno	adverb	hbs	vodno	adverb	slv
vodeno	adverb	hbs	vodno	adverb	slv
vodeno	adverb	hbs	vodno	adverb	slv
znanstveno	adverb	hbs	znanstveno	adverb	slv
znanstveno	adverb	hbs	znanstveno	adverb	slv
znanstveno	adverb	hbs	znanstveno	adverb	slv
neusmjereno	adverb	hbs	neusmerjeno	adverb	slv
neusmjereno	adverb	hbs	neusmerjeno	adverb	slv
neusmjereno	adverb	hbs	neusmerjeno	adverb	slv
sumnjivo	adverb	hbs	sumničavo	adverb	slv
sumnjivo	adverb	hbs	sumničavo	adverb	slv
sumnjivo	adverb	hbs	sumničavo	adverb	slv
svjesno	adverb	hbs	vedoč	adverb	slv
svjesno	adverb	hbs	vedoč	adverb	slv
svjesno	adverb	hbs	vedoč	adverb	slv
korisno	adverb	hbs	koristno	adverb	slv
hladno	adverb	hbs	mrzlo	adverb	slv
hladno	adverb	hbs	mrzlo	adverb	slv
uvjetno	adverb	hbs	pogojno	adverb	slv
uvjetno	adverb	hbs	pogojno	adverb	slv
uvjetno	adverb	hbs	pogojno	adverb	slv
vanredno	adverb	hbs	izredno	adverb	slv
vanredno	adverb	hbs	izredno	adverb	slv
vanredno	adverb	hbs	izredno	adverb	slv
direktno	adverb	hbs	neposredno	adverb	slv
elegantno	adverb	hbs	elegantno	adverb	slv
elitno	adverb	hbs	elitno	adverb	slv
zlatno	adverb	hbs	zlato	adverb	slv
zlatno	adverb	hbs	zlato	adverb	slv
zlatno	adverb	hbs	zlato	adverb	slv
impozantno	adverb	hbs	ogromno	adverb	slv
impozantno	adverb	hbs	ogromno	adverb	slv
impozantno	adverb	hbs	ogromno	adverb	slv
izuzetno	adverb	hbs	izjemoma	adverb	slv
izuzetno	adverb	hbs	izjemoma	adverb	slv
izuzetno	adverb	hbs	izjemoma	adverb	slv
hitno	adverb	hbs	neodložljivo	adverb	slv
hitno	adverb	hbs	neodložljivo	adverb	slv
hitno	adverb	hbs	neodložljivo	adverb	slv
konkretno	adverb	hbs	konkretno	adverb	slv
pomodno	adverb	hbs	modno	adverb	slv
pomodno	adverb	hbs	modno	adverb	slv
pomodno	adverb	hbs	modno	adverb	slv
nekorektno	adverb	hbs	pravilno	adverb	slv
neposredno	adverb	hbs	neposredno	adverb	slv
pokretno	adverb	hbs	mobilno	adverb	slv
pokretno	adverb	hbs	mobilno	adverb	slv
pokretno	adverb	hbs	mobilno	adverb	slv
privatno	adverb	hbs	zasebno	adverb	slv
prirodno	adverb	hbs	naravno	adverb	slv
prisutno	adverb	hbs	prisotno	adverb	slv
prisutno	adverb	hbs	prisotno	adverb	slv
prisutno	adverb	hbs	prisotno	adverb	slv
rekordno	adverb	hbs	rekordno	adverb	slv
rekordno	adverb	hbs	rekordno	adverb	slv
rekordno	adverb	hbs	rekordno	adverb	slv
sitno	adverb	hbs	malenkostno	adverb	slv
sitno	adverb	hbs	malenkostno	adverb	slv
slobodno	adverb	hbs	nenaseljeno	adverb	slv
slobodno	adverb	hbs	nenaseljeno	adverb	slv
slobodno	adverb	hbs	nenaseljeno	adverb	slv
solidno	adverb	hbs	solidno	adverb	slv
ugledno	adverb	hbs	ugledno	adverb	slv
vjerojatno	adverb	hbs	verjetno	adverb	slv
vjerovatno	adverb	hbs	verjetno	adverb	slv
apsolutno	adverb	hbs	absolutno	adverb	slv
apsolutno	adverb	hbs	absolutno	adverb	slv
apsolutno	adverb	hbs	absolutno	adverb	slv
nepokretno	adverb	hbs	negibno	adverb	slv
nepokretno	adverb	hbs	negibno	adverb	slv
nepokretno	adverb	hbs	negibno	adverb	slv
smrtno	adverb	hbs	smrtno	adverb	slv
smrtno	adverb	hbs	smrtno	adverb	slv
smrtno	adverb	hbs	smrtno	adverb	slv
indirektno	adverb	hbs	posredno	adverb	slv
mudro	adverb	hbs	modro	adverb	slv
mokro	adverb	hbs	mokro	adverb	slv
mokro	adverb	hbs	mokro	adverb	slv
svjetski	adverb	hbs	svetovno	adverb	slv
opozicijski	adverb	hbs	opozicijsko	adverb	slv
investicijski	adverb	hbs	investicijsko	adverb	slv
tužiteljski	adverb	hbs	tožilsko	adverb	slv
optužilački	adverb	hbs	tožilsko	adverb	slv
dopunski	adverb	hbs	dopolnjujoč	adverb	slv
augustovski	adverb	hbs	avgustovsko	adverb	slv
kolovoški	adverb	hbs	avgustovsko	adverb	slv
ljudski	adverb	hbs	ljudsko	adverb	slv
autorski	adverb	hbs	avtorsko	adverb	slv
albanski	adverb	hbs	albansko	adverb	slv
alžirski	adverb	hbs	alžirsko	adverb	slv
američki	adverb	hbs	ameriško	adverb	slv
engleski	adverb	hbs	angleško	adverb	slv
aprilski	adverb	hbs	aprilsko	adverb	slv
travanjski	adverb	hbs	aprilsko	adverb	slv
armijski	adverb	hbs	vojaško	adverb	slv
atenski	adverb	hbs	atensko	adverb	slv
afrički	adverb	hbs	afriško	adverb	slv
bavarski	adverb	hbs	bavarsko	adverb	slv
bagdadski	adverb	hbs	bagdadsko	adverb	slv
balkanski	adverb	hbs	balkansko	adverb	slv
beogradski	adverb	hbs	beograjsko	adverb	slv
bjeloruski	adverb	hbs	belorusko	adverb	slv
berlinski	adverb	hbs	berlinsko	adverb	slv
bitolski	adverb	hbs	bitolsko	adverb	slv
bolonjski	adverb	hbs	bolonjsko	adverb	slv
bosanski	adverb	hbs	bosansko	adverb	slv
brazilski	adverb	hbs	brazilsko	adverb	slv
britanski	adverb	hbs	britansko	adverb	slv
bugarski	adverb	hbs	bolgarsko	adverb	slv
budžetski	adverb	hbs	proračunsko	adverb	slv
proračunski	adverb	hbs	proračunsko	adverb	slv
vandalski	adverb	hbs	vandalsko	adverb	slv
vašingtonski	adverb	hbs	washingtonsko	adverb	slv
venezuelanski	adverb	hbs	venezuelsko	adverb	slv
vjerski	adverb	hbs	religiozno	adverb	slv
bečki	adverb	hbs	dunajsko	adverb	slv
vijetnamski	adverb	hbs	vietnamsko	adverb	slv
istinski	adverb	hbs	resnično	adverb	slv
svemirski	adverb	hbs	vesoljsko	adverb	slv
geografski	adverb	hbs	zemljepisno	adverb	slv
njemački	adverb	hbs	nemško	adverb	slv
gigantski	adverb	hbs	ogromno	adverb	slv
divovski	adverb	hbs	velikansko	adverb	slv
džinovski	adverb	hbs	ogromno	adverb	slv
gradski	adverb	hbs	mestno	adverb	slv
grčki	adverb	hbs	grško	adverb	slv
demografski	adverb	hbs	demografsko	adverb	slv
demokratski	adverb	hbs	demokratično	adverb	slv
desničarski	adverb	hbs	desničarsko	adverb	slv
diplomatski	adverb	hbs	diplomatsko	adverb	slv
židovski	adverb	hbs	judovsko	adverb	slv
hebrejski	adverb	hbs	hebrejsko	adverb	slv
jevrejski	adverb	hbs	judovsko	adverb	slv
europski	adverb	hbs	evropsko	adverb	slv
evropski	adverb	hbs	evropsko	adverb	slv
egejski	adverb	hbs	egejsko	adverb	slv
egipatski	adverb	hbs	egiptovsko	adverb	slv
ekonomski	adverb	hbs	ekonomsko	adverb	slv
energetski	adverb	hbs	energetsko	adverb	slv
estonski	adverb	hbs	estonsko	adverb	slv
etnički	adverb	hbs	etnično	adverb	slv
ženevski	adverb	hbs	ženevsko	adverb	slv
ženski	adverb	hbs	ženevsko	adverb	slv
životinjski	adverb	hbs	živalsko	adverb	slv
zagrebački	adverb	hbs	zagrebško	adverb	slv
zakonski	adverb	hbs	pravno	adverb	slv
zatvorski	adverb	hbs	zaporsko	adverb	slv
zemunski	adverb	hbs	zemunsko	adverb	slv
izraelski	adverb	hbs	izraelsko	adverb	slv
ilindenski	adverb	hbs	ilindensko	adverb	slv
iranski	adverb	hbs	iransko	adverb	slv
irački	adverb	hbs	iraško	adverb	slv
islamski	adverb	hbs	islamsko	adverb	slv
islandski	adverb	hbs	islandsko	adverb	slv
istanbulski	adverb	hbs	istanbulsko	adverb	slv
istorijski	adverb	hbs	zgodovinsko	adverb	slv
talijanski	adverb	hbs	italijansko	adverb	slv
italijanski	adverb	hbs	italijansko	adverb	slv
kanadski	adverb	hbs	kanadsko	adverb	slv
katarski	adverb	hbs	katarsko	adverb	slv
ciparski	adverb	hbs	ciprsko	adverb	slv
kiparski	adverb	hbs	ciprsko	adverb	slv
koalicijski	adverb	hbs	koalicijsko	adverb	slv
korejski	adverb	hbs	korejsko	adverb	slv
kosovski	adverb	hbs	kosovsko	adverb	slv
kraljevski	adverb	hbs	kraljevsko	adverb	slv
kubanski	adverb	hbs	kubansko	adverb	slv
kuvajtski	adverb	hbs	kuvajtsko	adverb	slv
kurdski	adverb	hbs	kurdsko	adverb	slv
latinski	adverb	hbs	latinsko	adverb	slv
libanonski	adverb	hbs	libanonsko	adverb	slv
libijski	adverb	hbs	libijsko	adverb	slv
litvanski	adverb	hbs	litovsko	adverb	slv
londonski	adverb	hbs	londonsko	adverb	slv
madridski	adverb	hbs	madridsko	adverb	slv
makedonski	adverb	hbs	makedonsko	adverb	slv
manjinski	adverb	hbs	manjšinsko	adverb	slv
manastirski	adverb	hbs	samostansko	adverb	slv
samostanski	adverb	hbs	samostansko	adverb	slv
maratonski	adverb	hbs	maratonsko	adverb	slv
martovski	adverb	hbs	marčevsko	adverb	slv
ožujski	adverb	hbs	marčevsko	adverb	slv
medicinski	adverb	hbs	zdravniško	adverb	slv
meksički	adverb	hbs	mehiško	adverb	slv
milanski	adverb	hbs	milansko	adverb	slv
ministarski	adverb	hbs	ministrsko	adverb	slv
moldavski	adverb	hbs	moldavsko	adverb	slv
morski	adverb	hbs	morsko	adverb	slv
moskovski	adverb	hbs	moskovsko	adverb	slv
multietnički	adverb	hbs	večetnično	adverb	slv
muslimanski	adverb	hbs	muslimansko	adverb	slv
nacionalistički	adverb	hbs	nacionalistično	adverb	slv
novozelandski	adverb	hbs	novozelandsko	adverb	slv
novosadski	adverb	hbs	novosadsko	adverb	slv
norveški	adverb	hbs	norveško	adverb	slv
olimpijski	adverb	hbs	olimpijsko	adverb	slv
općinski	adverb	hbs	občinsko	adverb	slv
opštinski	adverb	hbs	občinsko	adverb	slv
ohridski	adverb	hbs	ohridsko	adverb	slv
pakistanski	adverb	hbs	pakistansko	adverb	slv
palestinski	adverb	hbs	palestinsko	adverb	slv
papinski	adverb	hbs	papeško	adverb	slv
partijski	adverb	hbs	partijsko	adverb	slv
stranački	adverb	hbs	strankarsko	adverb	slv
pionirski	adverb	hbs	pionirsko	adverb	slv
planinarski	adverb	hbs	gorsko	adverb	slv
planinski	adverb	hbs	gorsko	adverb	slv
politički	adverb	hbs	politično	adverb	slv
policijski	adverb	hbs	policijsko	adverb	slv
poljski	adverb	hbs	poljsko	adverb	slv
pomorski	adverb	hbs	pomorsko	adverb	slv
portugalski	adverb	hbs	portugalsko	adverb	slv
pregovarački	adverb	hbs	pogajalsko	adverb	slv
premijerski	adverb	hbs	premiersko	adverb	slv
predstavnički	adverb	hbs	predstavniško	adverb	slv
radnički	adverb	hbs	delavsko	adverb	slv
republikanski	adverb	hbs	republikansko	adverb	slv
rimski	adverb	hbs	rimsko	adverb	slv
roditeljski	adverb	hbs	starševsko	adverb	slv
rumunjski	adverb	hbs	romunsko	adverb	slv
romski	adverb	hbs	romsko	adverb	slv
ruski	adverb	hbs	rusko	adverb	slv
sarajevski	adverb	hbs	sarajevsko	adverb	slv
seoski	adverb	hbs	podeželsko	adverb	slv
senegalski	adverb	hbs	senegalsko	adverb	slv
skopski	adverb	hbs	skopsko	adverb	slv
slovački	adverb	hbs	slovaško	adverb	slv
slovenski	adverb	hbs	slovensko	adverb	slv
slovenački	adverb	hbs	slovensko	adverb	slv
slavenski	adverb	hbs	slovansko	adverb	slv
solunski	adverb	hbs	solunsko	adverb	slv
sofijski	adverb	hbs	sofijsko	adverb	slv
socijaldemokratski	adverb	hbs	socialdemokratsko	adverb	slv
socijalistički	adverb	hbs	socialistično	adverb	slv
splitski	adverb	hbs	splitsko	adverb	slv
sportski	adverb	hbs	športno	adverb	slv
srpski	adverb	hbs	srbsko	adverb	slv
srbijanski	adverb	hbs	srbsko	adverb	slv
stopanski	adverb	hbs	ekonomsko	adverb	slv
strateški	adverb	hbs	strateško	adverb	slv
studentski	adverb	hbs	študentsko	adverb	slv
sudanski	adverb	hbs	sudansko	adverb	slv
sudski	adverb	hbs	sodno	adverb	slv
sunitski	adverb	hbs	sunitsko	adverb	slv
suštinski	adverb	hbs	bistveno	adverb	slv
talibanski	adverb	hbs	talibansko	adverb	slv
tatarski	adverb	hbs	tatarsko	adverb	slv
televizijski	adverb	hbs	televizijsko	adverb	slv
telefonski	adverb	hbs	telefonsko	adverb	slv
teroristički	adverb	hbs	teroristično	adverb	slv
tetovski	adverb	hbs	tetovsko	adverb	slv
tehnički	adverb	hbs	tehnično	adverb	slv
tiranski	adverb	hbs	tiransko	adverb	slv
turski	adverb	hbs	turško	adverb	slv
ukrajinski	adverb	hbs	ukrajinsko	adverb	slv
mađarski	adverb	hbs	madžarsko	adverb	slv
februarski	adverb	hbs	februarsko	adverb	slv
veljački	adverb	hbs	februarsko	adverb	slv
filmski	adverb	hbs	filmsko	adverb	slv
filozofski	adverb	hbs	filozofsko	adverb	slv
financijski	adverb	hbs	finančno	adverb	slv
finski	adverb	hbs	finsko	adverb	slv
frankfurtski	adverb	hbs	frankfurtsko	adverb	slv
francuski	adverb	hbs	francosko	adverb	slv
haški	adverb	hbs	haaško	adverb	slv
holandski	adverb	hbs	nizozemsko	adverb	slv
nizozemski	adverb	hbs	nizozemsko	adverb	slv
holivudski	adverb	hbs	hollywoodsko	adverb	slv
hotelski	adverb	hbs	hotelsko	adverb	slv
hrvatski	adverb	hbs	hrvaško	adverb	slv
carigradski	adverb	hbs	carigrajsko	adverb	slv
carinski	adverb	hbs	carinsko	adverb	slv
carski	adverb	hbs	cesarsko	adverb	slv
crnogorski	adverb	hbs	črnogorsko	adverb	slv
čečenski	adverb	hbs	čečensko	adverb	slv
švedski	adverb	hbs	švedsko	adverb	slv
šijitski	adverb	hbs	šiitsko	adverb	slv
školski	adverb	hbs	šolsko	adverb	slv
jadranski	adverb	hbs	jadransko	adverb	slv
jugoslovenski	adverb	hbs	jugoslovansko	adverb	slv
jugoslavenski	adverb	hbs	jugoslovansko	adverb	slv
advokatski	adverb	hbs	odvetniško	adverb	slv
azorski	adverb	hbs	azorsko	adverb	slv
antiamerički	adverb	hbs	protiameriško	adverb	slv
banatski	adverb	hbs	banatsko	adverb	slv
barcelonski	adverb	hbs	barcelonsko	adverb	slv
bernski	adverb	hbs	bernsko	adverb	slv
bibliografski	adverb	hbs	bibliografsko	adverb	slv
bostonski	adverb	hbs	bostonsko	adverb	slv
bošnjački	adverb	hbs	bosansko	adverb	slv
bratski	adverb	hbs	bratsko	adverb	slv
brokerski	adverb	hbs	posredniško	adverb	slv
babilonski	adverb	hbs	babilonsko	adverb	slv
vavilonski	adverb	hbs	babilonsko	adverb	slv
vinarski	adverb	hbs	vinsko	adverb	slv
generalski	adverb	hbs	generalsko	adverb	slv
gangsterski	adverb	hbs	gangstersko	adverb	slv
golanski	adverb	hbs	golansko	adverb	slv
gorski	adverb	hbs	gorsko	adverb	slv
dalmatinski	adverb	hbs	diktatorsko	adverb	slv
dizajnerski	adverb	hbs	dizajnersko	adverb	slv
diktatorski	adverb	hbs	diktatorsko	adverb	slv
dunavski	adverb	hbs	donavsko	adverb	slv
euroazijski	adverb	hbs	evrazijsko	adverb	slv
evroazijski	adverb	hbs	evrazijsko	adverb	slv
etnografski	adverb	hbs	etnografsko	adverb	slv
zatvorenički	adverb	hbs	zaporniško	adverb	slv
zetski	adverb	hbs	zetsko	adverb	slv
imigrantski	adverb	hbs	priseljensko	adverb	slv
imigracijski	adverb	hbs	priseljensko	adverb	slv
imperatorski	adverb	hbs	imperijsko	adverb	slv
investitorski	adverb	hbs	investitorsko	adverb	slv
indijski	adverb	hbs	indijsko	adverb	slv
kanarski	adverb	hbs	kanarsko	adverb	slv
karipski	adverb	hbs	karibsko	adverb	slv
konzultantski	adverb	hbs	svetovalno	adverb	slv
konsultantski	adverb	hbs	svetovalno	adverb	slv
kriptografski	adverb	hbs	kriptografsko	adverb	slv
kritski	adverb	hbs	kretsko	adverb	slv
kurdistanski	adverb	hbs	kurdsko	adverb	slv
lisabonski	adverb	hbs	lizbonsko	adverb	slv
lihtenštajnski	adverb	hbs	liechtensteinsko	adverb	slv
magistarski	adverb	hbs	magistrsko	adverb	slv
mongolski	adverb	hbs	mongolsko	adverb	slv
nomadski	adverb	hbs	nomadsko	adverb	slv
oceanografski	adverb	hbs	oceanografsko	adverb	slv
okeanografski	adverb	hbs	oceanografsko	adverb	slv
oceanski	adverb	hbs	oceansko	adverb	slv
okeanski	adverb	hbs	oceansko	adverb	slv
operatorski	adverb	hbs	operatersko	adverb	slv
otomanski	adverb	hbs	otomansko	adverb	slv
panamski	adverb	hbs	panamsko	adverb	slv
peloponeški	adverb	hbs	peloponeško	adverb	slv
pilotski	adverb	hbs	pilotsko	adverb	slv
piratski	adverb	hbs	piratsko	adverb	slv
podgorički	adverb	hbs	podgoriško	adverb	slv
pornografski	adverb	hbs	pornografsko	adverb	slv
predrimski	adverb	hbs	predrimsko	adverb	slv
producentski	adverb	hbs	producentsko	adverb	slv
ribarski	adverb	hbs	ribolovsko	adverb	slv
rilski	adverb	hbs	rilsko	adverb	slv
saksonski	adverb	hbs	saško	adverb	slv
samurajski	adverb	hbs	samurajsko	adverb	slv
svečenički	adverb	hbs	duhovniško	adverb	slv
svinjski	adverb	hbs	svinjsko	adverb	slv
singapurski	adverb	hbs	singapursko	adverb	slv
sirijski	adverb	hbs	sirsko	adverb	slv
skandinavski	adverb	hbs	skandinavsko	adverb	slv
slastičarski	adverb	hbs	slaščičarsko	adverb	slv
sponzorski	adverb	hbs	sponzorsko	adverb	slv
staroslavenski	adverb	hbs	staroslovensko	adverb	slv
staroslovenski	adverb	hbs	staroslovensko	adverb	slv
tibetski	adverb	hbs	tibetansko	adverb	slv
topografski	adverb	hbs	topografsko	adverb	slv
trakijski	adverb	hbs	trakijsko	adverb	slv
fotografski	adverb	hbs	fotografsko	adverb	slv
franjevački	adverb	hbs	frančiškansko	adverb	slv
hercegovački	adverb	hbs	hercegovsko	adverb	slv
hititski	adverb	hbs	hetitsko	adverb	slv
huliganski	adverb	hbs	huligansko	adverb	slv
ciganski	adverb	hbs	cigansko	adverb	slv
špijunski	adverb	hbs	vohunsko	adverb	slv
afganistanski	adverb	hbs	afganistansko	adverb	slv
avnojski	adverb	hbs	avnojsko	adverb	slv
avijacijski	adverb	hbs	letalsko	adverb	slv
austrijski	adverb	hbs	avstrijsko	adverb	slv
autobiografski	adverb	hbs	autobiografsko	adverb	slv
autokratski	adverb	hbs	avtokratsko	adverb	slv
automatski	adverb	hbs	avtomatsko	adverb	slv
automobilski	adverb	hbs	avtomobilsko	adverb	slv
administratorski	adverb	hbs	administratorsko	adverb	slv
azerbejdžanski	adverb	hbs	azerbajdžansko	adverb	slv
azijski	adverb	hbs	azijsko	adverb	slv
akademski	adverb	hbs	akademsko	adverb	slv
akrobatski	adverb	hbs	akrobatsko	adverb	slv
akterski	adverb	hbs	igralsko	adverb	slv
akcionerski	adverb	hbs	delniško	adverb	slv
akcijski	adverb	hbs	akcijsko	adverb	slv
alpski	adverb	hbs	alpsko	adverb	slv
amaterski	adverb	hbs	amatersko	adverb	slv
ambasadorski	adverb	hbs	ambasadorsko	adverb	slv
antikorupcijski	adverb	hbs	protikorupcijsko	adverb	slv
antisemitski	adverb	hbs	antisemitsko	adverb	slv
argentinski	adverb	hbs	argentinsko	adverb	slv
artiljerijski	adverb	hbs	topovsko	adverb	slv
arhivski	adverb	hbs	arhivsko	adverb	slv
arhitektonski	adverb	hbs	arhitektonsko	adverb	slv
astronomski	adverb	hbs	astronomsko	adverb	slv
atlanski	adverb	hbs	atlantsko	adverb	slv
atletski	adverb	hbs	atletsko	adverb	slv
atomski	adverb	hbs	atomsko	adverb	slv
belgijski	adverb	hbs	belgijsko	adverb	slv
betonski	adverb	hbs	betonsko	adverb	slv
bibliotekarski	adverb	hbs	knjižničarsko	adverb	slv
biografski	adverb	hbs	biografsko	adverb	slv
biokemijski	adverb	hbs	biokemijsko	adverb	slv
biohemijski	adverb	hbs	biokemijsko	adverb	slv
birokratski	adverb	hbs	birokratsko	adverb	slv
boksački	adverb	hbs	boksarsko	adverb	slv
brodski	adverb	hbs	ladijsko	adverb	slv
barbarski	adverb	hbs	barbarsko	adverb	slv
varvarski	adverb	hbs	barbarsko	adverb	slv
vegetarijanski	adverb	hbs	vegetarijansko	adverb	slv
veteranski	adverb	hbs	veteransko	adverb	slv
veterinarski	adverb	hbs	veterinarsko	adverb	slv
vinski	adverb	hbs	vinsko	adverb	slv
violinski	adverb	hbs	violinsko	adverb	slv
volonterski	adverb	hbs	prostovoljno	adverb	slv
vremenski	adverb	hbs	časovno	adverb	slv
garancijski	adverb	hbs	garancijsko	adverb	slv
genetski	adverb	hbs	genetsko	adverb	slv
geometrijski	adverb	hbs	geometrijsko	adverb	slv
kuharski	adverb	hbs	kuharsko	adverb	slv
gotski	adverb	hbs	gotsko	adverb	slv
građanski	adverb	hbs	civilno	adverb	slv
gruzijski	adverb	hbs	gruzijsko	adverb	slv
guvernerski	adverb	hbs	guvernersko	adverb	slv
dublinski	adverb	hbs	dublinsko	adverb	slv
dablinski	adverb	hbs	dublinsko	adverb	slv
danski	adverb	hbs	dansko	adverb	slv
dvopartijski	adverb	hbs	dvostransko	adverb	slv
debitantski	adverb	hbs	debitantsko	adverb	slv
demonstracijski	adverb	hbs	demonstracijsko	adverb	slv
demokršćanski	adverb	hbs	demokrščansko	adverb	slv
demohrišćanski	adverb	hbs	krščanskodemokratska	adverb	slv
diverzantski	adverb	hbs	diverzantsko	adverb	slv
direktorski	adverb	hbs	režijsko	adverb	slv
diskriminacijski	adverb	hbs	diskriminatorno	adverb	slv
diskriminatorski	adverb	hbs	diskriminatorno	adverb	slv
distribucijski	adverb	hbs	distribucijsko	adverb	slv
disciplinski	adverb	hbs	disciplinsko	adverb	slv
donatorski	adverb	hbs	donatorsko	adverb	slv
dramski	adverb	hbs	dramsko	adverb	slv
elektronski	adverb	hbs	elektronsko	adverb	slv
emigracijski	adverb	hbs	izseljeniško	adverb	slv
jermenski	adverb	hbs	armensko	adverb	slv
jesenski	adverb	hbs	jesensko	adverb	slv
estetski	adverb	hbs	estetsko	adverb	slv
etrurski	adverb	hbs	etruščansko	adverb	slv
žandarmerijski	adverb	hbs	žandarmerijsko	adverb	slv
zimski	adverb	hbs	zimsko	adverb	slv
ilirski	adverb	hbs	ilirsko	adverb	slv
invalidski	adverb	hbs	invalidsko	adverb	slv
indijanski	adverb	hbs	indijsko	adverb	slv
indonezijski	adverb	hbs	indonezijsko	adverb	slv
industrijski	adverb	hbs	industrijsko	adverb	slv
inženjerski	adverb	hbs	inženirsko	adverb	slv
inovacijski	adverb	hbs	inovacijsko	adverb	slv
inspektorski	adverb	hbs	inšpektorsko	adverb	slv
integracijski	adverb	hbs	integracijsko	adverb	slv
inflacijski	adverb	hbs	inflacijsko	adverb	slv
informacijski	adverb	hbs	informacijsko	adverb	slv
irski	adverb	hbs	irsko	adverb	slv
istočnoeuropski	adverb	hbs	vzhodnoevropsko	adverb	slv
istočnoevropski	adverb	hbs	vzhodnoevropsko	adverb	slv
kabelski	adverb	hbs	kabelsko	adverb	slv
kadrovski	adverb	hbs	kadrovsko	adverb	slv
kaligrafski	adverb	hbs	kaligrafsko	adverb	slv
kanalizacijski	adverb	hbs	kanalizacijsko	adverb	slv
kantonski	adverb	hbs	kantonsko	adverb	slv
kancelarijski	adverb	hbs	pisarniško	adverb	slv
kartonski	adverb	hbs	kartonsko	adverb	slv
kvalifikacijski	adverb	hbs	kvalifikacijsko	adverb	slv
kilometarski	adverb	hbs	kilometersko	adverb	slv
kineski	adverb	hbs	kitajsko	adverb	slv
klimatski	adverb	hbs	klimatsko	adverb	slv
kompjuterski	adverb	hbs	računalniško	adverb	slv
kompjutorski	adverb	hbs	računalniško	adverb	slv
komunikacijski	adverb	hbs	komunikacijsko	adverb	slv
konkurentski	adverb	hbs	konkurenčno	adverb	slv
kontejnerski	adverb	hbs	kontejnersko	adverb	slv
koreografski	adverb	hbs	koreografsko	adverb	slv
korupcijski	adverb	hbs	korupcijsko	adverb	slv
kosmopolitski	adverb	hbs	svetovljansko	adverb	slv
kozmopolitski	adverb	hbs	svetovljansko	adverb	slv
konjski	adverb	hbs	konjsko	adverb	slv
laboratorijski	adverb	hbs	laboratorijsko	adverb	slv
latvijski	adverb	hbs	latvijsko	adverb	slv
lovački	adverb	hbs	lovsko	adverb	slv
mandarinski	adverb	hbs	mandarinsko	adverb	slv
majski	adverb	hbs	majsko	adverb	slv
svibanjski	adverb	hbs	majsko	adverb	slv
megalomanski	adverb	hbs	megalomansko	adverb	slv
mediteranski	adverb	hbs	sredozemsko	adverb	slv
mentorski	adverb	hbs	mentorsko	adverb	slv
metarski	adverb	hbs	metrsko	adverb	slv
međureligijski	adverb	hbs	medversko	adverb	slv
migracijski	adverb	hbs	migracijsko	adverb	slv
mikroklimatski	adverb	hbs	mikroklimatsko	adverb	slv
milimetarski	adverb	hbs	milimetrsko	adverb	slv
mladeški	adverb	hbs	mladinsko	adverb	slv
većinski	adverb	hbs	večinsko	adverb	slv
muzejski	adverb	hbs	muzejsko	adverb	slv
navigacijski	adverb	hbs	navigacijsko	adverb	slv
neekonomski	adverb	hbs	negospodarno	adverb	slv
nezakonski	adverb	hbs	nezakonito ne	adverb	slv
neprijateljski	adverb	hbs	sovražno	adverb	slv
nesportski	adverb	hbs	nešportno	adverb	slv
nesuštinski	adverb	hbs	bistveno	adverb	slv
nehigijenski	adverb	hbs	higiensko	adverb	slv
novinarski	adverb	hbs	novinarsko	adverb	slv
nordijski	adverb	hbs	nordijsko	adverb	slv
odbojkaški	adverb	hbs	odbojkarsko	adverb	slv
okupatorski	adverb	hbs	okupatorsko	adverb	slv
organizatorski	adverb	hbs	organizacijsko	adverb	slv
organizacijski	adverb	hbs	organizacijsko	adverb	slv
paleolitski	adverb	hbs	paleolitsko	adverb	slv
panoramski	adverb	hbs	panoramsko	adverb	slv
mirovinski	adverb	hbs	pokojninsko	adverb	slv
penzijski	adverb	hbs	pokojninsko	adverb	slv
petrokemijski	adverb	hbs	petrokemijsko	adverb	slv
petrohemijski	adverb	hbs	petrokemijsko	adverb	slv
spisateljski	adverb	hbs	pisateljsko	adverb	slv
poetski	adverb	hbs	poetsko	adverb	slv
pozicionerski	adverb	hbs	pozicijsko	adverb	slv
poluautomatski	adverb	hbs	polavtomatsko	adverb	slv
poluavtomatski	adverb	hbs	polavtomatsko	adverb	slv
postdiplomski	adverb	hbs	podiplomsko	adverb	slv
praistorijski	adverb	hbs	prazgodovinsko	adverb	slv
prahistorijski	adverb	hbs	prazgodovinsko	adverb	slv
prekooceanski	adverb	hbs	prekooceansko	adverb	slv
prekookeanski	adverb	hbs	prekomorsko	adverb	slv
privatizacijski	adverb	hbs	privatizacijsko	adverb	slv
primorski	adverb	hbs	pomorsko	adverb	slv
prištinski	adverb	hbs	prištinsko	adverb	slv
prijateljski	adverb	hbs	prijateljsko	adverb	slv
provincijski	adverb	hbs	pokrajinsko	adverb	slv
proeuropski	adverb	hbs	proevropsko	adverb	slv
proevropski	adverb	hbs	proevropsko	adverb	slv
prosrpski	adverb	hbs	prosrbsko	adverb	slv
protuavionski	adverb	hbs	protiletalsko	adverb	slv
psihijatrijski	adverb	hbs	psihiatrično	adverb	slv
psihosomatski	adverb	hbs	psihosomatsko	adverb	slv
radarski	adverb	hbs	radarsko	adverb	slv
radiotelevizijski	adverb	hbs	radiotelevizijsko	adverb	slv
revizorski	adverb	hbs	revizorsko	adverb	slv
registarski	adverb	hbs	registrsko	adverb	slv
restauracijski	adverb	hbs	restavracijsko	adverb	slv
referendumski	adverb	hbs	referendumsko	adverb	slv
rivalski	adverb	hbs	rivalsko	adverb	slv
suparnički	adverb	hbs	rivalsko	adverb	slv
robotski	adverb	hbs	robotsko	adverb	slv
rotacijski	adverb	hbs	rotacijsko	adverb	slv
rudarski	adverb	hbs	rudarstvo	adverb	slv
rutinski	adverb	hbs	rutinsko	adverb	slv
satelitski	adverb	hbs	satelitsko	adverb	slv
saudijski	adverb	hbs	savdsko	adverb	slv
sezonski	adverb	hbs	sezonsko	adverb	slv
septembarski	adverb	hbs	septembrsko	adverb	slv
rujanski	adverb	hbs	septembersko	adverb	slv
serijski	adverb	hbs	serijsko	adverb	slv
sibirski	adverb	hbs	sibirsko	adverb	slv
simulacijski	adverb	hbs	simulacijsko	adverb	slv
simfonijski	adverb	hbs	simfonično	adverb	slv
sitematski	adverb	hbs	sistematično	adverb	slv
sistemski	adverb	hbs	sistemsko	adverb	slv
slalomski	adverb	hbs	slalomsko	adverb	slv
snajperski	adverb	hbs	ostrostrelsko	adverb	slv
somalijski	adverb	hbs	somalsko	adverb	slv
stabilizatorski	adverb	hbs	stabilizacijsko	adverb	slv
stabilizacijski	adverb	hbs	stabilizacijsko	adverb	slv
starateljski	adverb	hbs	skrbniško	adverb	slv
starinski	adverb	hbs	antično	adverb	slv
stražarski	adverb	hbs	stražarsko	adverb	slv
strategijski	adverb	hbs	strateško	adverb	slv
studijski	adverb	hbs	študijsko	adverb	slv
tandemski	adverb	hbs	tandemsko	adverb	slv
tektonski	adverb	hbs	tektonsko	adverb	slv
telekomski	adverb	hbs	poštarsko	adverb	slv
tematski	adverb	hbs	tematsko	adverb	slv
teniski	adverb	hbs	teniško	adverb	slv
teoretski	adverb	hbs	teoretično	adverb	slv
terapeutski	adverb	hbs	terapevtsko	adverb	slv
terenski	adverb	hbs	terensko	adverb	slv
tinejdžerski	adverb	hbs	najstniško	adverb	slv
tomografski	adverb	hbs	tomografsko	adverb	slv
transatlantski	adverb	hbs	čezatlantsko	adverb	slv
transatlanski	adverb	hbs	čezatlantsko	adverb	slv
transmiterski	adverb	hbs	oddajniško	adverb	slv
odašiljački	adverb	hbs	oddajniško	adverb	slv
trubadurski	adverb	hbs	trubadursko	adverb	slv
turkmenistanski	adverb	hbs	turkmensko	adverb	slv
turkomanski	adverb	hbs	turško	adverb	slv
uzbekistanski	adverb	hbs	uzbekistansko	adverb	slv
fantomski	adverb	hbs	fantomsko	adverb	slv
farmakoterapeutski	adverb	hbs	zdravilsko	adverb	slv
farmaceutski	adverb	hbs	farmacevtsko	adverb	slv
funkcionerski	adverb	hbs	funkcionarsko	adverb	slv
kemijski	adverb	hbs	kemično	adverb	slv
hemijski	adverb	hbs	kemijsko	adverb	slv
kemoterapijski	adverb	hbs	kemoterapevtsko	adverb	slv
hemoterapijski	adverb	hbs	kemoterapevtsko	adverb	slv
higijenski	adverb	hbs	higiensko	adverb	slv
horski	adverb	hbs	zborovsko	adverb	slv
zborski	adverb	hbs	zborovsko	adverb	slv
kršćanski	adverb	hbs	krščansko	adverb	slv
hrišćanski	adverb	hbs	krščansko	adverb	slv
centralnoevropski	adverb	hbs	srednjeevropsko	adverb	slv
srednjeevropski	adverb	hbs	srednjeevropsko	adverb	slv
srednjeeuropski	adverb	hbs	srednjeevropsko	adverb	slv
crnomorski	adverb	hbs	črnomorsko	adverb	slv
čileanski	adverb	hbs	čilsko	adverb	slv
članski	adverb	hbs	člansko	adverb	slv
šahovski	adverb	hbs	šahovsko	adverb	slv
švicarski	adverb	hbs	švicarsko	adverb	slv
švajcarski	adverb	hbs	švicarsko	adverb	slv
švercerski	adverb	hbs	tihotapsko	adverb	slv
šerijatski	adverb	hbs	šeriatsko	adverb	slv
škotski	adverb	hbs	škotsko	adverb	slv
španjolski	adverb	hbs	špansko	adverb	slv
španski	adverb	hbs	špansko	adverb	slv
špediterski	adverb	hbs	špeditersko	adverb	slv
janjičarski	adverb	hbs	janičarsko	adverb	slv
siječanjski	adverb	hbs	januarsko	adverb	slv
januarski	adverb	hbs	januarsko	adverb	slv
japanski	adverb	hbs	japonsko	adverb	slv
jonski	adverb	hbs	ionsko	adverb	slv
jordanski	adverb	hbs	jordansko	adverb	slv
južnoafrički	adverb	hbs	južnoafriško	adverb	slv
južnokorejski	adverb	hbs	južnokorejsko	adverb	slv
južnoslavenski	adverb	hbs	jugoslovansko	adverb	slv
juniorski	adverb	hbs	juniorsko	adverb	slv
junski	adverb	hbs	junijsko	adverb	slv
ljubljanski	adverb	hbs	ljubljansko	adverb	slv
dejtonski	adverb	hbs	daytonsko	adverb	slv
komunistički	adverb	hbs	komunistično	adverb	slv
islamistički	adverb	hbs	islamsko	adverb	slv
ekološki	adverb	hbs	ekološko	adverb	slv
muzički	adverb	hbs	glasbeno	adverb	slv
patnički	adverb	hbs	potniško	adverb	slv
češki	adverb	hbs	češko	adverb	slv
super	adverb	hbs	super	adverb	slv
super	adverb	hbs	super	adverb	slv
super	adverb	hbs	super	adverb	slv
anti	adverb	hbs	proti	adverb	slv
anti	adverb	hbs	proti	adverb	slv
anti	adverb	hbs	proti	adverb	slv
kiselo	adverb	hbs	kislo	adverb	slv
kiselo	adverb	hbs	kislo	adverb	slv
kiselo	adverb	hbs	kislo	adverb	slv
neveselo	adverb	hbs	neveselo	adverb	slv
smjelo	adverb	hbs	okorelo	adverb	slv
smjelo	adverb	hbs	okorelo	adverb	slv
smjelo	adverb	hbs	okorelo	adverb	slv
vruće	adverb	hbs	vroče	adverb	slv
vruće	adverb	hbs	vroče	adverb	slv
gorko	adverb	hbs	trpko	adverb	slv
gorko	adverb	hbs	trpko	adverb	slv
gorko	adverb	hbs	trpko	adverb	slv
krepko	adverb	hbs	krepko	adverb	slv
krotko	adverb	hbs	krotko	adverb	slv
vitko	adverb	hbs	vitko	adverb	slv
krhko	adverb	hbs	krhko	adverb	slv
zdepasto	adverb	hbs	debelo	adverb	slv
zdepasto	adverb	hbs	debelo	adverb	slv
zdepasto	adverb	hbs	debelo	adverb	slv
pusto	adverb	hbs	prazno	adverb	slv
pusto	adverb	hbs	prazno	adverb	slv
pusto	adverb	hbs	prazno	adverb	slv
dojmljivo	adverb	hbs	dojemljivo	adverb	slv
dojmljivo	adverb	hbs	dojemljivo	adverb	slv
dojmljivo	adverb	hbs	dojemljivo	adverb	slv
izdržljivo	adverb	hbs	zdržljivo	adverb	slv
izdržljivo	adverb	hbs	zdržljivo	adverb	slv
izdržljivo	adverb	hbs	zdržljivo	adverb	slv
neodredivo	adverb	hbs	nedoločljivo	adverb	slv
neosjetljivo	adverb	hbs	neobčutljivo	adverb	slv
nepopustljivo	adverb	hbs	nepopustljivo	adverb	slv
nepovjerljivo	adverb	hbs	nezaupljivo	adverb	slv
nerazumljivo	adverb	hbs	nedoumljivo	adverb	slv
nerazumljivo	adverb	hbs	nedoumljivo	adverb	slv
nerazumljivo	adverb	hbs	nedoumljivo	adverb	slv
nezanimljivo	adverb	hbs	nezanimivo	adverb	slv
osjetljivo	adverb	hbs	dovzetno	adverb	slv
osjetljivo	adverb	hbs	dovzetno	adverb	slv
osjetljivo	adverb	hbs	dovzetno	adverb	slv
pokretljivo	adverb	hbs	gibljivo	adverb	slv
preporučljivo	adverb	hbs	priporočljivo	adverb	slv
razumljivo	adverb	hbs	razumljivo	adverb	slv
uvjerljivo	adverb	hbs	prepričevalno	adverb	slv
uvjerljivo	adverb	hbs	prepričevalno	adverb	slv
uvjerljivo	adverb	hbs	prepričevalno	adverb	slv
uvredljivo	adverb	hbs	žaljivo	adverb	slv
uzbudljivo	adverb	hbs	razburljivo	adverb	slv
zanimljivo	adverb	hbs	interesno	adverb	slv
zanimljivo	adverb	hbs	interesno	adverb	slv
zanimljivo	adverb	hbs	interesno	adverb	slv
poznato	adverb	hbs	znan	adverb	slv
poznato	adverb	hbs	znan	adverb	slv
poznato	adverb	hbs	znan	adverb	slv
preuzeto	adverb	hbs	prevzeto	adverb	slv
preuzeto	adverb	hbs	prevzeto	adverb	slv
preuzeto	adverb	hbs	prevzeto	adverb	slv
zaobilazno	adverb	hbs	naokoli	adverb	slv
zaobilazno	adverb	hbs	naokoli	adverb	slv
zaobilazno	adverb	hbs	naokoli	adverb	slv
udobno	adverb	hbs	udobno	adverb	slv
ugodno	adverb	hbs	všečno	adverb	slv
ugodno	adverb	hbs	všečno	adverb	slv
ugodno	adverb	hbs	všečno	adverb	slv
privlačno	adverb	hbs	privlačno	adverb	slv
odsutno	adverb	hbs	odsotno	adverb	slv
odsutno	adverb	hbs	odsotno	adverb	slv
odsutno	adverb	hbs	odsotno	adverb	slv
osebujno	adverb	hbs	posebno	adverb	slv
osebujno	adverb	hbs	posebno	adverb	slv
osebujno	adverb	hbs	posebno	adverb	slv
akutno	adverb	hbs	akutno	adverb	slv
apstrakno	adverb	hbs	abstraktno	adverb	slv
arhaično	adverb	hbs	arhaično	adverb	slv
barokno	adverb	hbs	baročno	adverb	slv
barokno	adverb	hbs	baročno	adverb	slv
bazično	adverb	hbs	bazično	adverb	slv
besramno	adverb	hbs	brezsramno	adverb	slv
besramno	adverb	hbs	brezsramno	adverb	slv
besramno	adverb	hbs	brezsramno	adverb	slv
bezbrižno	adverb	hbs	brezskrbno	adverb	slv
bezbrižno	adverb	hbs	brezskrbno	adverb	slv
bezbrižno	adverb	hbs	brezskrbno	adverb	slv
bezopasno	adverb	hbs	varno	adverb	slv
bezumno	adverb	hbs	brezumno	adverb	slv
bijedno	adverb	hbs	bedno	adverb	slv
bitno	adverb	hbs	bistveno	adverb	slv
bučno	adverb	hbs	bučno	adverb	slv
budno	adverb	hbs	budno	adverb	slv
bujno	adverb	hbs	deroče	adverb	slv
bujno	adverb	hbs	deroče	adverb	slv
bujno	adverb	hbs	deroče	adverb	slv
centralno	adverb	hbs	centralno	adverb	slv
čudno	adverb	hbs	čudno	adverb	slv
čudno	adverb	hbs	čudno	adverb	slv
degenerativno	adverb	hbs	degenerativno	adverb	slv
depresivno	adverb	hbs	depresivno	adverb	slv
dokumentarno	adverb	hbs	dokumentarno	adverb	slv
dominantno	adverb	hbs	dominantno	adverb	slv
dosadno	adverb	hbs	sitno	adverb	slv
dosadno	adverb	hbs	sitno	adverb	slv
dosadno	adverb	hbs	sitno	adverb	slv
dosljedno	adverb	hbs	dosledno	adverb	slv
dostupno	adverb	hbs	razpoložljivo	adverb	slv
dostupno	adverb	hbs	razpoložljivo	adverb	slv
dostupno	adverb	hbs	razpoložljivo	adverb	slv
dugoročno	adverb	hbs	dolgoročno	adverb	slv
fleksibilno	adverb	hbs	gibko	adverb	slv
fleksibilno	adverb	hbs	gibko	adverb	slv
fleksibilno	adverb	hbs	gibko	adverb	slv
genijalno	adverb	hbs	genialno	adverb	slv
glavno	adverb	hbs	glavno	adverb	slv
glavno	adverb	hbs	glavno	adverb	slv
glavno	adverb	hbs	glavno	adverb	slv
grešno	adverb	hbs	grešno	adverb	slv
grešno	adverb	hbs	grešno	adverb	slv
inteligentno	adverb	hbs	inteligentno	adverb	slv
ispravno	adverb	hbs	pravilno	adverb	slv
istočno	adverb	hbs	vzhod	adverb	slv
istočno	adverb	hbs	vzhod	adverb	slv
istočno	adverb	hbs	vzhod	adverb	slv
izvanredno	adverb	hbs	izredno	adverb	slv
izvanredno	adverb	hbs	izredno	adverb	slv
izvanredno	adverb	hbs	izredno	adverb	slv
izvorno	adverb	hbs	prvotno	adverb	slv
izvorno	adverb	hbs	prvotno	adverb	slv
izvorno	adverb	hbs	prvotno	adverb	slv
jednakomjerno	adverb	hbs	enakomerno	adverb	slv
južno	adverb	hbs	južno	adverb	slv
kompleksno	adverb	hbs	kompleksno	adverb	slv
konzervativno	adverb	hbs	konservativno	adverb	slv
kratkotrajno	adverb	hbs	kratkotrajno	adverb	slv
kreativno	adverb	hbs	kreativno	adverb	slv
kreativno	adverb	hbs	kreativno	adverb	slv
kreativno	adverb	hbs	kreativno	adverb	slv
lagodno	adverb	hbs	lagodno	adverb	slv
lojalno	adverb	hbs	lojalno	adverb	slv
masno	adverb	hbs	mastno	adverb	slv
masno	adverb	hbs	mastno	adverb	slv
mjerodavno	adverb	hbs	pristojno	adverb	slv
mutno	adverb	hbs	motno	adverb	slv
napredno	adverb	hbs	napredno	adverb	slv
nasilno	adverb	hbs	nasilno	adverb	slv
nedosljedno	adverb	hbs	nedosledno	adverb	slv
neiscrpno	adverb	hbs	neizčrpno	adverb	slv
nejasno	adverb	hbs	nejasno	adverb	slv
nekorisno	adverb	hbs	nekoristno	adverb	slv
neosporno	adverb	hbs	neizpodbitno	adverb	slv
neosporno	adverb	hbs	neizpodbitno	adverb	slv
neosporno	adverb	hbs	neizpodbitno	adverb	slv
nepotrebno	adverb	hbs	nepotrebno	adverb	slv
nepravedno	adverb	hbs	nepravično	adverb	slv
nepravedno	adverb	hbs	nepravično	adverb	slv
nepravedno	adverb	hbs	nepravično	adverb	slv
nepravilno	adverb	hbs	nepravilno	adverb	slv
neprijatno	adverb	hbs	neprijetno	adverb	slv
neprikladno	adverb	hbs	neprimerno	adverb	slv
neprimjetno	adverb	hbs	nevidno	adverb	slv
neprofesionalno	adverb	hbs	neprofesionalno	adverb	slv
neprofesionalno	adverb	hbs	neprofesionalno	adverb	slv
neprofesionalno	adverb	hbs	neprofesionalno	adverb	slv
nerazumno	adverb	hbs	nerazumno	adverb	slv
nerealno	adverb	hbs	nerealno	adverb	slv
neslavno	adverb	hbs	neslavno	adverb	slv
nesnosno	adverb	hbs	neznosno	adverb	slv
nesposobno	adverb	hbs	nesposobno	adverb	slv
nespretno	adverb	hbs	nespretno	adverb	slv
nestabilno	adverb	hbs	nestabilno	adverb	slv
nestalno	adverb	hbs	nestalno	adverb	slv
nestvarno	adverb	hbs	nestvarno	adverb	slv
nestvarno	adverb	hbs	nestvarno	adverb	slv
nestvarno	adverb	hbs	nestvarno	adverb	slv
netočno	adverb	hbs	netočno	adverb	slv
neudobno	adverb	hbs	neudobno	adverb	slv
neuspješno	adverb	hbs	neuspešno	adverb	slv
nevažno	adverb	hbs	nepomembno	adverb	slv
nevjerojatno	adverb	hbs	neverjetno	adverb	slv
nevjerovatno	adverb	hbs	neverjetno	adverb	slv
nužno	adverb	hbs	nujno	adverb	slv
objektivno	adverb	hbs	objektivno	adverb	slv
odlično	adverb	hbs	odlično	adverb	slv
ogavno	adverb	hbs	ogabno	adverb	slv
okretno	adverb	hbs	ročno	adverb	slv
okretno	adverb	hbs	ročno	adverb	slv
okretno	adverb	hbs	ročno	adverb	slv
okrutno	adverb	hbs	okrutno	adverb	slv
otporno	adverb	hbs	odporno	adverb	slv
plodno	adverb	hbs	plodno	adverb	slv
pogubno	adverb	hbs	pogubno	adverb	slv
pohlepno	adverb	hbs	pohlepno	adverb	slv
pohlepno	adverb	hbs	pohlepno	adverb	slv
pohlepno	adverb	hbs	pohlepno	adverb	slv
pokorno	adverb	hbs	pokorno	adverb	slv
popularno	adverb	hbs	popularno	adverb	slv
poslušno	adverb	hbs	poslušno	adverb	slv
poslušno	adverb	hbs	poslušno	adverb	slv
poslušno	adverb	hbs	poslušno	adverb	slv
posredno	adverb	hbs	posredno	adverb	slv
pravedno	adverb	hbs	pravično	adverb	slv
prestižno	adverb	hbs	prestižno	adverb	slv
prezirno	adverb	hbs	prezirno	adverb	slv
prezirno	adverb	hbs	prezirno	adverb	slv
prezirno	adverb	hbs	prezirno	adverb	slv
prikladno	adverb	hbs	prikladno	adverb	slv
prikladno	adverb	hbs	prikladno	adverb	slv
prikladno	adverb	hbs	prikladno	adverb	slv
primitivno	adverb	hbs	primitivno	adverb	slv
primjerno	adverb	hbs	zgledno	adverb	slv
primjerno	adverb	hbs	zgledno	adverb	slv
primjerno	adverb	hbs	zgledno	adverb	slv
primjetno	adverb	hbs	opazno	adverb	slv
pristojno	adverb	hbs	spodobno	adverb	slv
prodorno	adverb	hbs	prodorno	adverb	slv
radioaktivno	adverb	hbs	radioaktivno	adverb	slv
ratoborno	adverb	hbs	bojevito	adverb	slv
razumno	adverb	hbs	razumno	adverb	slv
razvratno	adverb	hbs	razvratno	adverb	slv
ritmično	adverb	hbs	ritmično	adverb	slv
savjesno	adverb	hbs	zavestno	adverb	slv
savjesno	adverb	hbs	zavestno	adverb	slv
savjesno	adverb	hbs	zavestno	adverb	slv
siromašno	adverb	hbs	siromašno	adverb	slv
siromašno	adverb	hbs	siromašno	adverb	slv
siromašno	adverb	hbs	siromašno	adverb	slv
sjajno	adverb	hbs	odlično	adverb	slv
skladno	adverb	hbs	skladno	adverb	slv
sočno	adverb	hbs	sočno	adverb	slv
spektakularno	adverb	hbs	spektakularno	adverb	slv
sposobno	adverb	hbs	sposobno	adverb	slv
spretno	adverb	hbs	spretno	adverb	slv
štetno	adverb	hbs	škodljivo	adverb	slv
strahotno	adverb	hbs	strahotno	adverb	slv
stručno	adverb	hbs	profesionalno	adverb	slv
stručno	adverb	hbs	profesionalno	adverb	slv
stručno	adverb	hbs	profesionalno	adverb	slv
tačno	adverb	hbs	točno	adverb	slv
tajno	adverb	hbs	tajno	adverb	slv
tajno	adverb	hbs	tajno	adverb	slv
tajno	adverb	hbs	tajno	adverb	slv
tolerantno	adverb	hbs	tolerantno	adverb	slv
tolerantno	adverb	hbs	tolerantno	adverb	slv
tolerantno	adverb	hbs	tolerantno	adverb	slv
trijezno	adverb	hbs	trezno	adverb	slv
turobno	adverb	hbs	turobno	adverb	slv
ukusno	adverb	hbs	okusno	adverb	slv
uljudno	adverb	hbs	dvorno	adverb	slv
uljudno	adverb	hbs	dvorno	adverb	slv
uljudno	adverb	hbs	dvorno	adverb	slv
umjetno	adverb	hbs	umetniško	adverb	slv
umjetno	adverb	hbs	umetniško	adverb	slv
umjetno	adverb	hbs	umetniško	adverb	slv
umno	adverb	hbs	umno	adverb	slv
uporno	adverb	hbs	uporno	adverb	slv
uporno	adverb	hbs	uporno	adverb	slv
uporno	adverb	hbs	uporno	adverb	slv
utjecajno	adverb	hbs	vplivajoč	adverb	slv
utjecajno	adverb	hbs	vplivajoč	adverb	slv
utjecajno	adverb	hbs	vplivajoč	adverb	slv
velikodušno	adverb	hbs	velikodušno	adverb	slv
velikodušno	adverb	hbs	velikodušno	adverb	slv
velikodušno	adverb	hbs	velikodušno	adverb	slv
vjerodostojno	adverb	hbs	verodostojno	adverb	slv
zaslužno	adverb	hbs	zaslužno	adverb	slv
zlobno	adverb	hbs	zlobno	adverb	slv
nezadovoljno	adverb	hbs	nezadovoljno	adverb	slv
nenormalno	adverb	hbs	nenormalno	adverb	slv
ukupno	adverb	hbs	skupno	adverb	slv
ukupno	adverb	hbs	skupno	adverb	slv
ukupno	adverb	hbs	skupno	adverb	slv
globalno	adverb	hbs	globalno	adverb	slv
globalno	adverb	hbs	globalno	adverb	slv
globalno	adverb	hbs	globalno	adverb	slv
poslovno	adverb	hbs	poslovno	adverb	slv
poslovno	adverb	hbs	poslovno	adverb	slv
poslovno	adverb	hbs	poslovno	adverb	slv
definitivno	adverb	hbs	definitivno	adverb	slv
definitivno	adverb	hbs	definitivno	adverb	slv
definitivno	adverb	hbs	definitivno	adverb	slv
dinamično	adverb	hbs	dinamično	adverb	slv
dinamično	adverb	hbs	dinamično	adverb	slv
dinamično	adverb	hbs	dinamično	adverb	slv
drastično	adverb	hbs	drastično	adverb	slv
drastično	adverb	hbs	drastično	adverb	slv
drastično	adverb	hbs	drastično	adverb	slv
eventualno	adverb	hbs	eventualno	adverb	slv
eventualno	adverb	hbs	eventualno	adverb	slv
eventualno	adverb	hbs	eventualno	adverb	slv
eksperimentalno	adverb	hbs	eksperimentalno	adverb	slv
eksperimentalno	adverb	hbs	eksperimentalno	adverb	slv
eksperimentalno	adverb	hbs	eksperimentalno	adverb	slv
ekscentrično	adverb	hbs	ekscentrično	adverb	slv
ekscentrično	adverb	hbs	ekscentrično	adverb	slv
ekscentrično	adverb	hbs	ekscentrično	adverb	slv
energično	adverb	hbs	energično	adverb	slv
energično	adverb	hbs	energično	adverb	slv
energično	adverb	hbs	energično	adverb	slv
lično	adverb	hbs	osebno	adverb	slv
lično	adverb	hbs	osebno	adverb	slv
monumentalno	adverb	hbs	monumentalno	adverb	slv
monumentalno	adverb	hbs	monumentalno	adverb	slv
monumentalno	adverb	hbs	monumentalno	adverb	slv
negativno	adverb	hbs	negativno	adverb	slv
negativno	adverb	hbs	negativno	adverb	slv
negativno	adverb	hbs	negativno	adverb	slv
neizbježno	adverb	hbs	neizbežno	adverb	slv
neizbježno	adverb	hbs	neizbežno	adverb	slv
neizbježno	adverb	hbs	neizbežno	adverb	slv
obilazno	adverb	hbs	naokrog	adverb	slv
obilazno	adverb	hbs	naokrog	adverb	slv
obilazno	adverb	hbs	naokrog	adverb	slv
personalno	adverb	hbs	osebno	adverb	slv
personalno	adverb	hbs	osebno	adverb	slv
prazno	adverb	hbs	prazno	adverb	slv
prazno	adverb	hbs	prazno	adverb	slv
prazno	adverb	hbs	prazno	adverb	slv
problematično	adverb	hbs	problematično	adverb	slv
problematično	adverb	hbs	problematično	adverb	slv
problematično	adverb	hbs	problematično	adverb	slv
religiozno	adverb	hbs	religiozno	adverb	slv
religiozno	adverb	hbs	religiozno	adverb	slv
religiozno	adverb	hbs	religiozno	adverb	slv
selektivno	adverb	hbs	selektivno	adverb	slv
selektivno	adverb	hbs	selektivno	adverb	slv
selektivno	adverb	hbs	selektivno	adverb	slv
fenomenalno	adverb	hbs	fenomenalno	adverb	slv
fenomenalno	adverb	hbs	fenomenalno	adverb	slv
fenomenalno	adverb	hbs	fenomenalno	adverb	slv
formalno	adverb	hbs	formalno	adverb	slv
formalno	adverb	hbs	formalno	adverb	slv
formalno	adverb	hbs	formalno	adverb	slv
funkcionalno	adverb	hbs	funkcionalno	adverb	slv
funkcionalno	adverb	hbs	funkcionalno	adverb	slv
funkcionalno	adverb	hbs	funkcionalno	adverb	slv
kronično	adverb	hbs	kronično	adverb	slv
kronično	adverb	hbs	kronično	adverb	slv
kronično	adverb	hbs	kronično	adverb	slv
javno	adverb	hbs	javno	adverb	slv
javno	adverb	hbs	javno	adverb	slv
javno	adverb	hbs	javno	adverb	slv
ekstradirano	adverb	hbs	predano	adverb	slv
ekstradirano	adverb	hbs	predano	adverb	slv
ekstradirano	adverb	hbs	predano	adverb	slv
kontinuisano	adverb	hbs	kontinuirano	adverb	slv
kontinuisano	adverb	hbs	kontinuirano	adverb	slv
kontinuisano	adverb	hbs	kontinuirano	adverb	slv
nečisto	adverb	hbs	umazano	adverb	slv
duhovito	adverb	hbs	duhovito	adverb	slv
izrazito	adverb	hbs	izrazito	adverb	slv
slikovito	adverb	hbs	slikovito	adverb	slv
sumnjičavo	adverb	hbs	dvomljivo	adverb	slv
sumnjičavo	adverb	hbs	dvomljivo	adverb	slv
sumnjičavo	adverb	hbs	dvomljivo	adverb	slv
temeljito	adverb	hbs	dodobra	adverb	slv
temeljito	adverb	hbs	dodobra	adverb	slv
temeljito	adverb	hbs	dodobra	adverb	slv
tvrdoglavo	adverb	hbs	trdoglavo	adverb	slv
tvrdoglavo	adverb	hbs	trdoglavo	adverb	slv
tvrdoglavo	adverb	hbs	trdoglavo	adverb	slv
učinkovito	adverb	hbs	učinkovito	adverb	slv
ljutito	adverb	hbs	pekoče	adverb	slv
tupo	adverb	hbs	bolj	adverb	slv
tupo	adverb	hbs	najbolj	adverb	slv
živo	adverb	hbs	živo	adverb	slv
živo	adverb	hbs	živo	adverb	slv
grubo	adverb	hbs	grobo	adverb	slv
grubo	adverb	hbs	grobo	adverb	slv
izvjesno	adverb	hbs	gotovo	adverb	slv
izvjesno	adverb	hbs	gotovo	adverb	slv
izvjesno	adverb	hbs	gotovo	adverb	slv
suho	adverb	hbs	bolj	adverb	slv
suho	adverb	hbs	najbolj	adverb	slv
tiho	adverb	hbs	potihoma	adverb	slv
tiho	adverb	hbs	potihoma	adverb	slv
tiho	adverb	hbs	potihoma	adverb	slv
trulo	adverb	hbs	trhlo	adverb	slv
trulo	adverb	hbs	trhlo	adverb	slv
trulo	adverb	hbs	trhlo	adverb	slv
suvo	adverb	hbs	bolj	adverb	slv
suvo	adverb	hbs	najbolj	adverb	slv
dostojanstveno	adverb	hbs	dostojanstveno	adverb	slv
dostojanstveno	adverb	hbs	dostojanstveno	adverb	slv
dostojanstveno	adverb	hbs	dostojanstveno	adverb	slv
iskreno	adverb	hbs	iskreno	adverb	slv
lijeno	adverb	hbs	leno	adverb	slv
lijeno	adverb	hbs	leno	adverb	slv
nadmeno	adverb	hbs	oholo	adverb	slv
nadmeno	adverb	hbs	oholo	adverb	slv
nadmeno	adverb	hbs	oholo	adverb	slv
neprimjereno	adverb	hbs	neprimerno	adverb	slv
neumjereno	adverb	hbs	neizmerno	adverb	slv
neumjereno	adverb	hbs	neizmerno	adverb	slv
neumjereno	adverb	hbs	neizmerno	adverb	slv
neuobičajeno	adverb	hbs	neobičajno	adverb	slv
pošteno	adverb	hbs	pošteno	adverb	slv
pošteno	adverb	hbs	pošteno	adverb	slv
šareno	adverb	hbs	mavrično	adverb	slv
šareno	adverb	hbs	mavrično	adverb	slv
šareno	adverb	hbs	mavrično	adverb	slv
smisleno	adverb	hbs	smiselno	adverb	slv
smisleno	adverb	hbs	smiselno	adverb	slv
smisleno	adverb	hbs	smiselno	adverb	slv
srčano	adverb	hbs	srčno	adverb	slv
autohtono	adverb	hbs	avtohtono	adverb	slv
humano	adverb	hbs	humano	adverb	slv
nepotpuno	adverb	hbs	nepopolno	adverb	slv
pouzdano	adverb	hbs	zanesljivo	adverb	slv
slano	adverb	hbs	slano	adverb	slv
slano	adverb	hbs	slano	adverb	slv
redovito	adverb	hbs	redno	adverb	slv
rječito	adverb	hbs	besedno	adverb	slv
rječito	adverb	hbs	besedno	adverb	slv
rječito	adverb	hbs	besedno	adverb	slv
upotrebljivo	adverb	hbs	uporabno	adverb	slv
vidljivo	adverb	hbs	vidno	adverb	slv
čudnovato	adverb	hbs	čudno	adverb	slv
čudnovato	adverb	hbs	čudno	adverb	slv
labavo	adverb	hbs	narahlo	adverb	slv
labavo	adverb	hbs	narahlo	adverb	slv
labavo	adverb	hbs	narahlo	adverb	slv
marljivo	adverb	hbs	pridno	adverb	slv
marljivo	adverb	hbs	pridno	adverb	slv
marljivo	adverb	hbs	pridno	adverb	slv
miroljubivo	adverb	hbs	miroljubno	adverb	slv
neredovito	adverb	hbs	neredno	adverb	slv
nestrpljivo	adverb	hbs	nestrpno	adverb	slv
nevidljivo	adverb	hbs	nevidno	adverb	slv
oholo	adverb	hbs	oholo	adverb	slv
oholo	adverb	hbs	oholo	adverb	slv
oholo	adverb	hbs	oholo	adverb	slv
popustljivo	adverb	hbs	popustljivo	adverb	slv
popustljivo	adverb	hbs	popustljivo	adverb	slv
popustljivo	adverb	hbs	popustljivo	adverb	slv
škrto	adverb	hbs	skopo	adverb	slv
škrto	adverb	hbs	skopo	adverb	slv
naglo	adverb	hbs	nenadno	adverb	slv
naglo	adverb	hbs	nenadno	adverb	slv
naglo	adverb	hbs	nenadno	adverb	slv
osobeno	adverb	hbs	osebno	adverb	slv
osobeno	adverb	hbs	osebno	adverb	slv
prijevremeno	adverb	hbs	predčasno	adverb	slv
prijevremeno	adverb	hbs	predčasno	adverb	slv
prijevremeno	adverb	hbs	predčasno	adverb	slv
održivo	adverb	hbs	trajno	adverb	slv
nezaposleno	adverb	hbs	nezaposleno	adverb	slv
nezaposleno	adverb	hbs	nezaposleno	adverb	slv
nezaposleno	adverb	hbs	nezaposleno	adverb	slv
rijetko	adverb	hbs	poredko	adverb	slv
rijetko	adverb	hbs	poredko	adverb	slv
rijetko	adverb	hbs	poredko	adverb	slv
životno	adverb	hbs	življensko	adverb	slv
životno	adverb	hbs	življensko	adverb	slv
životno	adverb	hbs	življensko	adverb	slv
trenutno	adverb	hbs	trenutno	adverb	slv
trenutno	adverb	hbs	trenutno	adverb	slv
trenutno	adverb	hbs	trenutno	adverb	slv
bezbjedno	adverb	hbs	varno	adverb	slv
doživotno	adverb	hbs	doživljensko	adverb	slv
doživotno	adverb	hbs	doživljensko	adverb	slv
doživotno	adverb	hbs	doživljensko	adverb	slv
vedro	adverb	hbs	vedro	adverb	slv
žarko	adverb	hbs	žarko	adverb	slv
imovinski	adverb	hbs	nepremičninsko	adverb	slv
poreski	adverb	hbs	davčno	adverb	slv
varšavski	adverb	hbs	veliko	adverb	slv
kandidatski	adverb	hbs	kandidatsko	adverb	slv
pakistanski	adverb	hbs	veliko	adverb	slv
holandski	adverb	hbs	veliko	adverb	slv
šampionski	adverb	hbs	šampionsko	adverb	slv
šengenski	adverb	hbs	schengensko	adverb	slv
anatolijski	adverb	hbs	anatolsko	adverb	slv
anglikanski	adverb	hbs	anglikansko	adverb	slv
antiturski	adverb	hbs	protiturško	adverb	slv
aramejski	adverb	hbs	aramejsko	adverb	slv
pavijanski	adverb	hbs	pavijansko	adverb	slv
brodvejski	adverb	hbs	broadwaysko	adverb	slv
dobrovoljački	adverb	hbs	prostovoljno	adverb	slv
kazahstanski	adverb	hbs	kazahstansko	adverb	slv
kozarski	adverb	hbs	kozarsko	adverb	slv
kongoanski	adverb	hbs	veliko	adverb	slv
latinoamerički	adverb	hbs	latinskoameriško	adverb	slv
mikenski	adverb	hbs	mikensko	adverb	slv
neafrički	adverb	hbs	neafriško	adverb	slv
paraolimpijski	adverb	hbs	paraolimpijsko	adverb	slv
sveštenički	adverb	hbs	svečeniško	adverb	slv
hilendarski	adverb	hbs	hilendarsko	adverb	slv
holografski	adverb	hbs	holografsko	adverb	slv
australski	adverb	hbs	veliko	adverb	slv
aleksandrijski	adverb	hbs	aleksandrijsko	adverb	slv
amandmanski	adverb	hbs	amandmajsko	adverb	slv
amfiteatarski	adverb	hbs	amfiteatrsko	adverb	slv
antievropski	adverb	hbs	protievropsko	adverb	slv
antieuropski	adverb	hbs	protievropsko	adverb	slv
bankarski	adverb	hbs	bančniško	adverb	slv
dvostranački	adverb	hbs	dvostrankarsko	adverb	slv
demohrišćanski	adverb	hbs	veliko	adverb	slv
enciklopedijski	adverb	hbs	enciklopedijsko	adverb	slv
kavkaski	adverb	hbs	kavkaško	adverb	slv
kanonski	adverb	hbs	kanonsko	adverb	slv
karnevalski	adverb	hbs	karnevalsko	adverb	slv
konvencijski	adverb	hbs	konvencijsko	adverb	slv
konditorski	adverb	hbs	konditorsko	adverb	slv
konzervatorski	adverb	hbs	konservatorsko	adverb	slv
makroekonomski	adverb	hbs	makroekonomsko	adverb	slv
malezijski	adverb	hbs	malezijsko	adverb	slv
nediskriminacijski	adverb	hbs	nediskriminatorno	adverb	slv
nediskriminatorski	adverb	hbs	nediskriminatorno	adverb	slv
nezakonski	adverb	hbs	veliko	adverb	slv
neolitski	adverb	hbs	neolitsko	adverb	slv
oficerski	adverb	hbs	oficirsko	adverb	slv
panevropski	adverb	hbs	vseevropsko	adverb	slv
partnerski	adverb	hbs	partnersko	adverb	slv
parfimerijski	adverb	hbs	parfumerijsko	adverb	slv
prodemokratski	adverb	hbs	demokratsko	adverb	slv
proreformski	adverb	hbs	reformsko	adverb	slv
rudarski	adverb	hbs	veliko	adverb	slv
socioekonomski	adverb	hbs	socialno-ekonomsko	adverb	slv
telekomunikacijski	adverb	hbs	telekomunikacijsko	adverb	slv
trojanski	adverb	hbs	trojansko	adverb	slv
festivalski	adverb	hbs	festivalsko	adverb	slv
hadžijski	adverb	hbs	hadžijsko	adverb	slv
helikopterski	adverb	hbs	helikoptersko	adverb	slv
hidroenergetski	adverb	hbs	hidroenergetsko	adverb	slv
centralnoazijski	adverb	hbs	srednjeazijsko	adverb	slv
srednjeazijski	adverb	hbs	srednjeazijsko	adverb	slv
južnoeuropski	adverb	hbs	južnoevropsko	adverb	slv
južnoevropski	adverb	hbs	južnoevropsko	adverb	slv
autoritativno	adverb	hbs	avtoritativno	adverb	slv
glomazno	adverb	hbs	glomazno	adverb	slv
kvalitetno	adverb	hbs	kvalitetno	adverb	slv
masivno	adverb	hbs	masivno	adverb	slv
masivno	adverb	hbs	masivno	adverb	slv
neukusno	adverb	hbs	neokusno	adverb	slv
odvažno	adverb	hbs	hrabro	adverb	slv
ustrajno	adverb	hbs	vztrajno	adverb	slv
programski	adverb	hbs	programsko	adverb	slv
softverski	adverb	hbs	programsko	adverb	slv
neprilično	adverb	hbs	neugodno	adverb	slv
neugodno	adverb	hbs	neugodno	adverb	slv
hrabro	adverb	hbs	hrabro	adverb	slv
tuđe	adverb	hbs	tuje	adverb	slv
tuđe	adverb	hbs	tuje	adverb	slv
tuđe	adverb	hbs	tuje	adverb	slv
tanko	adverb	hbs	tenko	adverb	slv
tanko	adverb	hbs	tenko	adverb	slv
prepoznatljivo	adverb	hbs	prepoznavno	adverb	slv
prepoznatljivo	adverb	hbs	prepoznavno	adverb	slv
prepoznatljivo	adverb	hbs	prepoznavno	adverb	slv
jednako	adverb	hbs	enako	adverb	slv
jednako	adverb	hbs	enako	adverb	slv
jednako	adverb	hbs	enako	adverb	slv
obojeno	adverb	hbs	barvno	adverb	slv
obojeno	adverb	hbs	barvno	adverb	slv
obojeno	adverb	hbs	barvno	adverb	slv
spiritualno	adverb	hbs	spiritualno	adverb	slv
spiritualno	adverb	hbs	spiritualno	adverb	slv
spiritualno	adverb	hbs	spiritualno	adverb	slv
brižno	adverb	hbs	zaskrbljujoče	adverb	slv
brižno	adverb	hbs	zaskrbljujoče	adverb	slv
brižno	adverb	hbs	zaskrbljujoče	adverb	slv
šumno	adverb	hbs	šume	adverb	slv
šumno	adverb	hbs	šume	adverb	slv
šumno	adverb	hbs	šume	adverb	slv
zamorno	adverb	hbs	utrudljivo	adverb	slv
zamorno	adverb	hbs	utrudljivo	adverb	slv
zamorno	adverb	hbs	utrudljivo	adverb	slv
protivno	adverb	hbs	navkljub	adverb	slv
protivno	adverb	hbs	navkljub	adverb	slv
protivno	adverb	hbs	navkljub	adverb	slv
fragmentarno	adverb	hbs	fragmentarno	adverb	slv
fragmentarno	adverb	hbs	fragmentarno	adverb	slv
fragmentarno	adverb	hbs	fragmentarno	adverb	slv
granično	adverb	hbs	meje	adverb	slv
granično	adverb	hbs	meje	adverb	slv
granično	adverb	hbs	meje	adverb	slv
krivo	adverb	hbs	krivo	adverb	slv
krivo	adverb	hbs	krivo	adverb	slv
krivo	adverb	hbs	krivo	adverb	slv
kopneno	adverb	hbs	kopensko	adverb	slv
kopneno	adverb	hbs	kopensko	adverb	slv
kopneno	adverb	hbs	kopensko	adverb	slv
metalno	adverb	hbs	kovinsko	adverb	slv
metalno	adverb	hbs	kovinsko	adverb	slv
metalno	adverb	hbs	kovinsko	adverb	slv
kontinentalno	adverb	hbs	kontinentalno	adverb	slv
kontinentalno	adverb	hbs	kontinentalno	adverb	slv
kontinentalno	adverb	hbs	kontinentalno	adverb	slv
hladno	adverb	hbs	hladno	adverb	slv
ljubazno	adverb	hbs	prisrčno	adverb	slv
nedjelotvorno	adverb	hbs	neučinkovito	adverb	slv
nedostatno	adverb	hbs	pomanjkljivo	adverb	slv
neravnomjerno	adverb	hbs	neenakomerno	adverb	slv
sitno	adverb	hbs	drobe	adverb	slv
točno	adverb	hbs	točno	adverb	slv
zahvalno	adverb	hbs	hvaležno	adverb	slv
znatno	adverb	hbs	znatno	adverb	slv
ozbiljno	adverb	hbs	resnobno	adverb	slv
radoznalo	adverb	hbs	radovedno	adverb	slv
hladno	adverb	hbs	hladno	adverb	slv
znatno	adverb	hbs	znatno	adverb	slv
disidentski	adverb	hbs	disidentsko	adverb	slv
baskijski	adverb	hbs	baskovsko	adverb	slv
kasno	adverb	hbs	kasno	adverb	slv
konačno	adverb	hbs	končno	adverb	slv
konačno	adverb	hbs	končno	adverb	slv
tipično	adverb	hbs	tipično	adverb	slv
tipično	adverb	hbs	tipično	adverb	slv
gledano	adverb	hbs	gledano	adverb	slv
gledano	adverb	hbs	gledano	adverb	slv
sirovo	adverb	hbs	surovo	adverb	slv
sirovo	adverb	hbs	surovo	adverb	slv
kruto	adverb	hbs	togo	adverb	slv
kruto	adverb	hbs	togo	adverb	slv
smeđe	adverb	hbs	rjavo	adverb	slv
smeđe	adverb	hbs	rjavo	adverb	slv
smeđe	adverb	hbs	rjavo	adverb	slv
smeđe	adverb	hbs	rjavo	adverb	slv
pravokutno	adverb	hbs	pravokotno	adverb	slv
pravokutno	adverb	hbs	pravokotno	adverb	slv
pravokutno	adverb	hbs	pravokotno	adverb	slv
pravokutno	adverb	hbs	pravokotno	adverb	slv
željezno	adverb	hbs	železno	adverb	slv
željezno	adverb	hbs	železno	adverb	slv
željezno	adverb	hbs	železno	adverb	slv
željezno	adverb	hbs	železno	adverb	slv
zemljopisno	adverb	hbs	zemljepisno	adverb	slv
zemljopisno	adverb	hbs	zemljepisno	adverb	slv
zemljopisno	adverb	hbs	zemljepisno	adverb	slv
zemljopisno	adverb	hbs	zemljepisno	adverb	slv
htjeti	modal	hbs	hoteč	adverb	slv
moći	modal	hbs	lahko	adverb	slv
moći	modal	hbs	lahko	adverb	slv
svađajući	verb	hbs	kregajoč	adverb	slv
hodajući	verb	hbs	hodeč	adverb	slv
lijevajući	verb	hbs	vlivajoč	adverb	slv
uključujući	verb	hbs	vključujoč	adverb	slv
uključujući	verb	hbs	vključno	adverb	slv
šteteći	verb	hbs	škodujoč	adverb	slv
šećući	verb	hbs	hodeč	adverb	slv
pripadajući	verb	hbs	pripadajoč	adverb	slv
parkirajući	verb	hbs	parkirajoč	adverb	slv
prostirući	verb	hbs	razprostirajoč	adverb	slv
izdvajajući	verb	hbs	izdvajajoč	adverb	slv
odmarajući	verb	hbs	počivajoč	adverb	slv
odstupajući	verb	hbs	odstopajoč	adverb	slv
odvijajući	verb	hbs	počivajoč	adverb	slv
odvraćajući	verb	hbs	odvračajoč	adverb	slv
oporavljajući	verb	hbs	popravljajoč	adverb	slv
opraštajući	verb	hbs	odpuščajoč	adverb	slv
opremajući	verb	hbs	opremljajoč	adverb	slv
osjećajući	verb	hbs	čuteč	adverb	slv
oslobađajući	verb	hbs	osvobajajoč	adverb	slv
osmišljajući	verb	hbs	izmišljajoč	adverb	slv
otklanjajući	verb	hbs	odstranjujoč	adverb	slv
otpremajući	verb	hbs	odpremljajoč	adverb	slv
otpuštajući	verb	hbs	odpuščajoč	adverb	slv
ozdravljajući	verb	hbs	ozdravljajoč	adverb	slv
pjevajući	verb	hbs	pojoč	adverb	slv
pljačkajući	verb	hbs	ropajoč	adverb	slv
poboljšajući	verb	hbs	poboljšujoč	adverb	slv
podrazumijevajući	verb	hbs	razumevajoč	adverb	slv
podsjećajući	verb	hbs	spominjajoč	adverb	slv
poklapajući	verb	hbs	sovpadajoč	adverb	slv
pomišljajući	verb	hbs	pomišljajoč	adverb	slv
smatrajući	verb	hbs	razmišljajoč	adverb	slv
posmatrajući	verb	hbs	gledajoč	adverb	slv
postupajući	verb	hbs	delujoč	adverb	slv
povraćajući	verb	hbs	povračajoč	adverb	slv
pozdravljajući	verb	hbs	pozdrav	adverb	slv
praštajući	verb	hbs	odpuščajoč	adverb	slv
predsjedajući	verb	hbs	predsedujoč	adverb	slv
predstavljajući	verb	hbs	predstavljaoč	adverb	slv
predviđajući	verb	hbs	napovedajoč	adverb	slv
pregovarajući	verb	hbs	pogajajoč	adverb	slv
prekidajući	verb	hbs	prekinjajoč	adverb	slv
premještajući	verb	hbs	premikajoč	adverb	slv
pretpostavljajući	verb	hbs	računajoč	adverb	slv
prihvaćajući	verb	hbs	sprejemajoč	adverb	slv
pripovijedajući	verb	hbs	pripovedujoč	adverb	slv
prisvajajući	verb	hbs	prisvajajoč	adverb	slv
prolijevajući	verb	hbs	prelivajoč	adverb	slv
promatrajući	verb	hbs	opazujoč	adverb	slv
raskidajući	verb	hbs	prekinjen	adverb	slv
raspravljajući	verb	hbs	razpravljajoč	adverb	slv
razarajući	verb	hbs	uničujoč	adverb	slv
razdvajajući	verb	hbs	razdvajajoč	adverb	slv
razmještajući	verb	hbs	mešajoč	adverb	slv
sanjajući	verb	hbs	sanjajoč	adverb	slv
sastavljajući	verb	hbs	sestavljajoč	adverb	slv
skidajući	verb	hbs	odstranjujoč	adverb	slv
sklapajući	verb	hbs	sestavljajoč	adverb	slv
skupljajući	verb	hbs	zbirajoč	adverb	slv
smještajući	verb	hbs	pospravljajoč	adverb	slv
snabdijevajući	verb	hbs	dobavljajoč	adverb	slv
spajajući	verb	hbs	povezujoč	adverb	slv
stavljajući	verb	hbs	stavljajoč	adverb	slv
štrajkajući	verb	hbs	stavkajoč	adverb	slv
stupajući	verb	hbs	stopajoč	adverb	slv
sumnjajući	verb	hbs	dvomeč	adverb	slv
suosjećajući	verb	hbs	sočustvujoč	adverb	slv
saosjećajući	verb	hbs	sočustvujoč	adverb	slv
ubijajući	verb	hbs	ubijajoč	adverb	slv
ukidajući	verb	hbs	razveljavljajoč	adverb	slv
uračunajući	verb	hbs	vključujejoč	adverb	slv
uspijevajući	verb	hbs	uspevajoč	adverb	slv
uspostavljajući	verb	hbs	vzpostavljajoč	adverb	slv
ušutkajući	verb	hbs	molčeč	adverb	slv
usvajajući	verb	hbs	sprejmemajoč	adverb	slv
uzburkajući	verb	hbs	valujoč	adverb	slv
uzimajući	verb	hbs	jemajoč	adverb	slv
uzvraćajući	verb	hbs	vračajoč	adverb	slv
vaspitajući	verb	hbs	učeč	adverb	slv
vrijeđajući	verb	hbs	žaleč	adverb	slv
zabavljajući	verb	hbs	zabavljajoč	adverb	slv
zamišljajući	verb	hbs	predstavljajoč	adverb	slv
zasjedajući	verb	hbs	sestankujoč	adverb	slv
zauzimajući	verb	hbs	zasedajoč	adverb	slv
izgledajući	verb	hbs	zgledujoč	adverb	slv
izostavljajući	verb	hbs	izpuščajoč	adverb	slv
izuzimajući	verb	hbs	izključujoč	adverb	slv
jačajući	verb	hbs	ojačan	adverb	slv
javljajući	verb	hbs	poročajoč	adverb	slv
nabrajajući	verb	hbs	naštevajoč	adverb	slv
nadgledajući	verb	hbs	spremljajoč	adverb	slv
ispravljajući	verb	hbs	popravljajoč	adverb	slv
nadajući	verb	hbs	upajoč	adverb	slv
stojeći	verb	hbs	stoječ	adverb	slv
ostajući	verb	hbs	ostajajoč	adverb	slv
nastajući	verb	hbs	nastajajoč	adverb	slv
ponestajući	verb	hbs	usihajoč	adverb	slv
prestajući	verb	hbs	prestajajoč	adverb	slv
pristajući	verb	hbs	pristajajoč	adverb	slv
zastajući	verb	hbs	zastajajoč	adverb	slv
trajući	verb	hbs	trajajoč	adverb	slv
opominjući	verb	hbs	opominjajoč	adverb	slv
počinjući	verb	hbs	začenjajoč	adverb	slv
penjući	verb	hbs	plezajoč	adverb	slv
podupirući	verb	hbs	podpirajoč	adverb	slv
spominjući	verb	hbs	spominjajoč	adverb	slv
razgledajući	verb	hbs	razgledujoč	adverb	slv
plivajući	verb	hbs	plavajoč	adverb	slv
zbivajući	verb	hbs	dogajajoč	adverb	slv
umivajući	verb	hbs	umivajoč	adverb	slv
manevrirajući	verb	hbs	manevrirajoč	adverb	slv
kontaktirajući	verb	hbs	kontaktirajoč	adverb	slv
prezentirajući	verb	hbs	predstavljajoč	adverb	slv
garantirajući	verb	hbs	zagotavljajoč	adverb	slv
masirajući	verb	hbs	masirajoč	adverb	slv
birajući	verb	hbs	izbirajoč	adverb	slv
nastupajući	verb	hbs	nastopajoč	adverb	slv
naviještajući	verb	hbs	razglašajoč	adverb	slv
obarajući	verb	hbs	znižajoč	adverb	slv
obnavljajući	verb	hbs	obnavljajoč	adverb	slv
obolijevajući	verb	hbs	obolevajoč	adverb	slv
obraćajući	verb	hbs	obračajoč	adverb	slv
obuhvaćajući	verb	hbs	vključujoč	adverb	slv
obuhvatajući	verb	hbs	vključujoč	adverb	slv
obuzimajući	verb	hbs	vključujoč	adverb	slv
tjerajući	verb	hbs	prisiljujoč	adverb	slv
obećajući	verb	hbs	obljubljajoč	adverb	slv
upravljajući	verb	hbs	upravljajoč	adverb	slv
putujući	verb	hbs	potujoč	adverb	slv
prezentujući	verb	hbs	predstavljajoč	adverb	slv
izjavljujući	verb	hbs	izjavljajoč	adverb	slv
potiskujući	verb	hbs	potiskajoč	adverb	slv
ovlašćujući	verb	hbs	pooblaščajoč	adverb	slv
odlučujući	verb	hbs	odločujoč	adverb	slv
ukazujući	verb	hbs	ukazajoč	adverb	slv
opredjeljujući	verb	hbs	opredeljujoč	adverb	slv
pokazujući	verb	hbs	pokazajoč	adverb	slv
otkrivajući	verb	hbs	odkrivajoč	adverb	slv
baratajući	verb	hbs	pogajajoč	adverb	slv
brojeći	verb	hbs	preštevajoč	adverb	slv
čuvajući	verb	hbs	shranjujoč	adverb	slv
događajući	verb	hbs	dogajajoč	adverb	slv
očekujući	verb	hbs	pričakujoč	adverb	slv
otkazujući	verb	hbs	preklicujoč	adverb	slv
objavljujući	verb	hbs	objavljajoč	adverb	slv
potvrđujući	verb	hbs	potrjujoč	adverb	slv
pohvaljujući	verb	hbs	hvaleč	adverb	slv
izrađujući	verb	hbs	izdelujoč	adverb	slv
zamjenjujući	verb	hbs	zamenjujoč	adverb	slv
izmjenjujući	verb	hbs	zamenjujoč	adverb	slv
odbacujući	verb	hbs	odmetavajoč	adverb	slv
smjenjujući	verb	hbs	menjavajoč	adverb	slv
produžujući	verb	hbs	podaljšujoč	adverb	slv
pogoršavajući	verb	hbs	poslabšujoč	adverb	slv
proučavajući	verb	hbs	študirajoč	adverb	slv
dajući	verb	hbs	dajajoč	adverb	slv
izdajući	verb	hbs	izdajajoč	adverb	slv
suočavajući	verb	hbs	soočajoč	adverb	slv
prodiskutirajući	verb	hbs	razpravljajoč	adverb	slv
dozvoljavajući	verb	hbs	omogočajoč	adverb	slv
zavaravajući	verb	hbs	varajoč	adverb	slv
dodajući	verb	hbs	dodajajoč	adverb	slv
naglašavajući	verb	hbs	poudarjajoč	adverb	slv
podržavajući	verb	hbs	podpirajoč	adverb	slv
rješavajući	verb	hbs	rešujoč	adverb	slv
izvršavajući	verb	hbs	dokončujoč	adverb	slv
proglašavajući	verb	hbs	razglašajoč	adverb	slv
sadržavajući	verb	hbs	vsebujoč	adverb	slv
vukući	verb	hbs	vlekoč	adverb	slv
češući	verb	hbs	praskajoč	adverb	slv
ležajući	verb	hbs	ležeč	adverb	slv
padajući	verb	hbs	padajoč	adverb	slv
stiskajući	verb	hbs	stiskajoč	adverb	slv
gurajući	verb	hbs	potiskajoč	adverb	slv
odgajajući	verb	hbs	vzgajajoč	adverb	slv
čitajući	verb	hbs	čitajoč	adverb	slv
dišući	verb	hbs	dihajoč	adverb	slv
grebajući	verb	hbs	praskajoč	adverb	slv
puhajući	verb	hbs	puhajoč	adverb	slv
duhajući	verb	hbs	vohajoč	adverb	slv
udarajući	verb	hbs	udarjajoč	adverb	slv
predlagajući	verb	hbs	predlagajoč	adverb	slv
predlažući	verb	hbs	predlagajoč	adverb	slv
primajući	verb	hbs	prejemajoč	adverb	slv
ostavljajući	verb	hbs	puščajoč	adverb	slv
mirišući	verb	hbs	vonjajoč	adverb	slv
pomažući	verb	hbs	pomagajoč	adverb	slv
pristižući	verb	hbs	prihajajoč	adverb	slv
sudarajući	verb	hbs	udarjajoč	adverb	slv
režući	verb	hbs	rezan	adverb	slv
povežući	verb	hbs	povezujoč	adverb	slv
vladajući	verb	hbs	vladajoč	adverb	slv
postojeći	verb	hbs	obstajajoč	adverb	slv
postojeće	adverb	hbs	obstoječo	adverb	slv
postojeći	adjective	hbs	obstoječ	adjective	slv
nastojeći	verb	hbs	trudeč	adverb	slv
predstojeći	verb	hbs	stoječ	adverb	slv
sastojeći	verb	hbs	sestavljajoč	adverb	slv
strujeći	verb	hbs	žuboreč	adverb	slv
sijući	verb	hbs	sijoč	adverb	slv
trljajući	verb	hbs	masirajoč	adverb	slv
plešući	verb	hbs	plesoč	adverb	slv
osvajajući	verb	hbs	osvajajoč	adverb	slv
čestitajući	verb	hbs	čestitajoč	adverb	slv
pitajući	verb	hbs	vprašujoč	adverb	slv
krećući	verb	hbs	premikajoč	adverb	slv
pokrećući	verb	hbs	premikajoč	adverb	slv
okrećući	verb	hbs	obračajoč	adverb	slv
osvrćući	verb	hbs	obračajoč	adverb	slv
perući	verb	hbs	peroč	adverb	slv
dobavljajući	verb	hbs	dobavljajoč	adverb	slv
zatvarajući	verb	hbs	zapirajoč	adverb	slv
odvajajući	verb	hbs	odvajajoč	adverb	slv
otvarajući	verb	hbs	odpirajoč	adverb	slv
ponavljajući	verb	hbs	ponavljajoč	adverb	slv
pogađajući	verb	hbs	zadevajoč	adverb	slv
pripremajući	verb	hbs	pripravljajoč	adverb	slv
postavljajući	verb	hbs	postavljajoč	adverb	slv
mijenjajući	verb	hbs	spreminjajoč	adverb	slv
suprotstavljajući	verb	hbs	nasprotujoč	adverb	slv
razmišljajući	verb	hbs	razmišljajoč	adverb	slv
vježbajući	verb	hbs	trenirajoč	adverb	slv
stvarajući	verb	hbs	ustvarjajoč	adverb	slv
odbijajući	verb	hbs	odbijajoč	adverb	slv
kušajući	verb	hbs	pokušajoč	adverb	slv
započinjući	verb	hbs	začenjajoč	adverb	slv
napuštajući	verb	hbs	zapuščajoč	adverb	slv
smetajući	verb	hbs	moteč	adverb	slv
susrećući	verb	hbs	srečujoč	adverb	slv
presrećući	verb	hbs	prestrezajoč	adverb	slv
zagrćući	verb	hbs	pokrivajoč	adverb	slv
slijećući	verb	hbs	leteč	adverb	slv
čekajući	verb	hbs	čakajoč	adverb	slv
raspoređujući	verb	hbs	razvrščajoč	adverb	slv
vodeći	verb	hbs	vodeč	adverb	slv
sudeći	verb	hbs	ocenjujoč	adverb	slv
tvrdeći	verb	hbs	trdeč	adverb	slv
nudeći	verb	hbs	ponujajoč	adverb	slv
sprovodeći	verb	hbs	opravljajoč	adverb	slv
šijući	verb	hbs	šivajoč	adverb	slv
krijući	verb	hbs	skrivajoč	adverb	slv
izbijući	verb	hbs	izbijajoč	adverb	slv
odbijući	verb	hbs	odbijajoč	adverb	slv
koristeći	verb	hbs	uporabljajoč	adverb	slv
štiteći	verb	hbs	varujoč	adverb	slv
misleći	verb	hbs	misleč	adverb	slv
podnoseći	verb	hbs	prenašajoč	adverb	slv
pridonoseći	verb	hbs	prispevajoč	adverb	slv
doprinoseći	verb	hbs	prispevajoč	adverb	slv
donoseći	verb	hbs	prispevajoč	adverb	slv
odnoseći	verb	hbs	odnašajoč	adverb	slv
reseći	verb	hbs	olepšavajoč	adverb	slv
ploveći	verb	hbs	jadrajoč	adverb	slv
loveći	verb	hbs	loveč	adverb	slv
ugrozeći	verb	hbs	ogrožajoč	adverb	slv
prevozeći	verb	hbs	prepeljan	adverb	slv
pronalazeći	verb	hbs	iščoč	adverb	slv
nalazeći	verb	hbs	nahajajoč	adverb	slv
polazeći	verb	hbs	hodeč	adverb	slv
plašeći	verb	hbs	strahujoč	adverb	slv
vršeći	verb	hbs	izvršujoč	adverb	slv
učeći	verb	hbs	učeč	adverb	slv
povlačeći	verb	hbs	potegujoč	adverb	slv
živeći	verb	hbs	živeč	adverb	slv
leteći	verb	hbs	leteč	adverb	slv
zavideći	verb	hbs	zavidjoč	adverb	slv
smrdeći	verb	hbs	smrdeč	adverb	slv
vrteći	verb	hbs	vrteč	adverb	slv
razumjevši	verb	hbs	razumevajoč	adverb	slv
pasući	verb	hbs	padajoč	adverb	slv
zadržavajući	verb	hbs	držeč	adverb	slv
zapošljavajući	verb	hbs	zaposlujoč	adverb	slv
ugrožavajući	verb	hbs	ogrožajoč	adverb	slv
uvećavajući	verb	hbs	povečajoč	adverb	slv
izvještavajući	verb	hbs	poročajoč	adverb	slv
izražavajući	verb	hbs	izražajoč	adverb	slv
naznačavajući	verb	hbs	določajoč	adverb	slv
objedinjavajući	verb	hbs	združen	adverb	slv
sputavajući	verb	hbs	vezoč	adverb	slv
osiguravajući	verb	hbs	zagotavljajoč	adverb	slv
predajući	verb	hbs	predavajoč	adverb	slv
upozoravajući	verb	hbs	opominjajoč	adverb	slv
približavajući	verb	hbs	pristopajoč	adverb	slv
priznajući	verb	hbs	priznavajoč	adverb	slv
razaznavajući	verb	hbs	razpoznavajoč	adverb	slv
oglašavajući	verb	hbs	oglašujoč	adverb	slv
sačinjavajući	verb	hbs	predstavljajoč	adverb	slv
sprečavajući	verb	hbs	razpoznavajoč	adverb	slv
uvjeravajući	verb	hbs	pregovarjajoč	adverb	slv
uništavajući	verb	hbs	uničujoč	adverb	slv
izučavajući	verb	hbs	študirajoč	adverb	slv
oživljavajući	verb	hbs	oživljavajoč	adverb	slv
spašavajući	verb	hbs	rešujoč	adverb	slv
spasavajući	verb	hbs	rešujoč	adverb	slv
povjeravajući	verb	hbs	zaupajoč	adverb	slv
doživljavajući	verb	hbs	doživljajoč	adverb	slv
zakopavajući	verb	hbs	pokopavajoč	adverb	slv
zbližavajući	verb	hbs	bližajoč	adverb	slv
izvinjavajući	verb	hbs	opravičujoč	adverb	slv
ispričavajući	verb	hbs	opravičujoč	adverb	slv
izdržavajući	verb	hbs	podpirajoč	adverb	slv
iscrtavajući	verb	hbs	črtajoč	adverb	slv
narušavajući	verb	hbs	izkrivljajoč	adverb	slv
naseljavajući	verb	hbs	naseljujoč	adverb	slv
ogledavajući	verb	hbs	gledajoč	adverb	slv
odležavajući	verb	hbs	ležeč	adverb	slv
odražavajući	verb	hbs	odražajoč	adverb	slv
označavajući	verb	hbs	označujoč	adverb	slv
okrivljavajući	verb	hbs	obsojajoč	adverb	slv
osporavajući	verb	hbs	prerekan	adverb	slv
otežavajući	verb	hbs	otežujoč	adverb	slv
podučavajući	verb	hbs	učeč	adverb	slv
ponižavajući	verb	hbs	ponižujoč	adverb	slv
sužavajući	verb	hbs	ožeč	adverb	slv
ukrašavajući	verb	hbs	okrašujoč	adverb	slv
uzdržavajući	verb	hbs	omejujoč	adverb	slv
naoružavajući	verb	hbs	oborožen	adverb	slv
dopunjavajući	verb	hbs	dopolnjujoč	adverb	slv
zabrinjavajući	verb	hbs	zaskrbljujoč	adverb	slv
isprobavajući	verb	hbs	testirajoč	adverb	slv
iščezavajući	verb	hbs	izginjajoč	adverb	slv
navodnjavajući	verb	hbs	namakajoč	adverb	slv
opravdavajući	verb	hbs	upravičujoč	adverb	slv
osvještavajući	verb	hbs	spoznavajoč	adverb	slv
poništavajući	verb	hbs	zanikajoč	adverb	slv
potkopavajući	verb	hbs	podkopavajoč	adverb	slv
preživljavajući	verb	hbs	preživljajoč	adverb	slv
pridržavajući	verb	hbs	držeč	adverb	slv
pričinjavajući	verb	hbs	misleč	adverb	slv
provjeravajući	verb	hbs	preverjajoč	adverb	slv
sjedinjavajući	verb	hbs	združujoč	adverb	slv
saslušavajući	verb	hbs	zaslišajoč	adverb	slv
usložnjavajući	verb	hbs	komplicirajoč	adverb	slv
udaljavajući	verb	hbs	izključujoč	adverb	slv
osposobljavajući	verb	hbs	usposabljajoč	adverb	slv
prebrojavajući	verb	hbs	preštevajoč	adverb	slv
pregledavajući	verb	hbs	pregledajoč	adverb	slv
obračunavajući	verb	hbs	izključujoč	adverb	slv
pribjegavajući	verb	hbs	zatekajoč	adverb	slv
uljepšavajući	verb	hbs	olepšavajoč	adverb	slv
raščišćavajući	verb	hbs	obračunavajoč	adverb	slv
upotrebljavajući	verb	hbs	uporabljajoč	adverb	slv
uznemiravajući	verb	hbs	vznemirjajoč	adverb	slv
oduševljavajući	verb	hbs	navdušujoč	adverb	slv
iskorištavajući	verb	hbs	izkoriščavajoč	adverb	slv
preusmjeravajući	verb	hbs	preusmerjajoč	adverb	slv
prevladavajući	verb	hbs	prevladujoč	adverb	slv
onemogućavajući	verb	hbs	ovirajoč	adverb	slv
preuveličavajući	verb	hbs	pretiravajoč	adverb	slv
razgraničavajući	verb	hbs	določajoč	adverb	slv
razvrstavajući	verb	hbs	razvrščajoč	adverb	slv
zloupotrebljavajući	verb	hbs	zlorabljajoč	adverb	slv
zadajući	verb	hbs	določajoč	adverb	slv
odajući	verb	hbs	izdajajoč	adverb	slv
pridodajući	verb	hbs	dodajajoč	adverb	slv
pridajući	verb	hbs	dodajajoč	adverb	slv
prodajući	verb	hbs	prodajajoč	adverb	slv
razdajući	verb	hbs	razdajajoč	adverb	slv
preprodajući	verb	hbs	preprodajajoč	adverb	slv
poznajući	verb	hbs	poznavajoč	adverb	slv
prepoznajući	verb	hbs	prepoznavajoč	adverb	slv
raspoznajući	verb	hbs	prepoznavajoč	adverb	slv
prepričavajući	verb	hbs	komentirajoč	adverb	slv
preobražavajući	verb	hbs	transformirajoč	adverb	slv
prenaglašavajući	verb	hbs	pretiravajoč	adverb	slv
obilježavajući	verb	hbs	označujoč	adverb	slv
potpisujući	verb	hbs	podpisujoč	adverb	slv
uključujući	verb	hbs	vključujoč	adverb	slv
dodjeljujući	verb	hbs	dodeljujoč	adverb	slv
omogućujući	verb	hbs	omogočajoč	adverb	slv
dokazujući	verb	hbs	dokazujoč	adverb	slv
zaključujući	verb	hbs	zaključujoč	adverb	slv
izgrađujući	verb	hbs	konstruirajoč	adverb	slv
iskazujući	verb	hbs	dokazujoč	adverb	slv
istražujući	verb	hbs	raziskujoč	adverb	slv
ispitujući	verb	hbs	vprašujoč	adverb	slv
uređujući	verb	hbs	urejajoč	adverb	slv
poručujući	verb	hbs	poročajoč	adverb	slv
opisujući	verb	hbs	opisajoč	adverb	slv
ohrabrujući	verb	hbs	spodbujajoč	adverb	slv
povezujući	verb	hbs	povezujoč	adverb	slv
unaprijeđujući	verb	hbs	napredujoč	adverb	slv
pokrivajući	verb	hbs	pokrivajoč	adverb	slv
zaprečujući	verb	hbs	ovirajoč	adverb	slv
posjećujući	verb	hbs	obiskujoč	adverb	slv
utvrđujući	verb	hbs	določajoč	adverb	slv
izazivajući	verb	hbs	provocirajoč	adverb	slv
preporučujući	verb	hbs	priporočajoč	adverb	slv
procjenjujući	verb	hbs	ocenjujoč	adverb	slv
proširujući	verb	hbs	razširjajoč	adverb	slv
ubeđujući	verb	hbs	prepričujoč	adverb	slv
sarađujući	verb	hbs	sodelujoč	adverb	slv
surađujući	verb	hbs	sodelujoč	adverb	slv
pojavljujući	verb	hbs	pojavljajoč	adverb	slv
uživajući	verb	hbs	uživajoč	adverb	slv
zahvaljujući	verb	hbs	zahvaljujoč	adverb	slv
vezujući	verb	hbs	artikulirajoč	adverb	slv
počivajući	verb	hbs	počivajoč	adverb	slv
snivajući	verb	hbs	sanjajoč	adverb	slv
upisujući	verb	hbs	tipkajoč	adverb	slv
ocjenjujući	verb	hbs	ocenjujoč	adverb	slv
sazivajući	verb	hbs	sklicajoč	adverb	slv
smirujući	verb	hbs	umirjajoč	adverb	slv
umirujući	verb	hbs	umirjajoč	adverb	slv
ucjenjujući	verb	hbs	izsiljen	adverb	slv
zagađujući	verb	hbs	onesnažujoč	adverb	slv
zakazujući	verb	hbs	dogovarjajoč	adverb	slv
iziskujući	verb	hbs	zahtevajoč	adverb	slv
nazivajući	verb	hbs	nazivajoč	adverb	slv
oplakujući	verb	hbs	žalujoč	adverb	slv
potražujući	verb	hbs	trdijo	adverb	slv
pogubljujući	verb	hbs	pogubljajoč	adverb	slv
istiskujući	verb	hbs	izpodrivajoč	adverb	slv
isključujući	verb	hbs	izključujoč	adverb	slv
istrebljujući	verb	hbs	iztrebljajoč	adverb	slv
opslužujući	verb	hbs	služeč	adverb	slv
ostvarujući	verb	hbs	ustvarjajoč	adverb	slv
odslužujući	verb	hbs	služeč	adverb	slv
posvećujući	verb	hbs	namenjajoč	adverb	slv
poslužujući	verb	hbs	servirajoč	adverb	slv
podrivajući	verb	hbs	podkopavajoč	adverb	slv
podcjenjujući	verb	hbs	podcenjujoč	adverb	slv
prepisujući	verb	hbs	prepisajoč	adverb	slv
primjenjujući	verb	hbs	uporabljajoč	adverb	slv
prinuđujući	verb	hbs	zahtevajoč	adverb	slv
pripisujući	verb	hbs	pripisujoč	adverb	slv
prijavljujući	verb	hbs	poročajoč	adverb	slv
propisujući	verb	hbs	predpisujoč	adverb	slv
razmjenjujući	verb	hbs	izmenjavajoč	adverb	slv
raspisujući	verb	hbs	objavljajoč	adverb	slv
upoređujući	verb	hbs	primerjajoč	adverb	slv
uspoređujući	verb	hbs	primerjajoč	adverb	slv
zanemarujući	verb	hbs	zanemarjajoč	adverb	slv
učvršćujući	verb	hbs	utrjujoč	adverb	slv
iznenađujući	verb	hbs	presenečen	adverb	slv
obrađujući	verb	hbs	obdelujoč	adverb	slv
opozivajući	verb	hbs	preklicajoč	adverb	slv
pomlađujući	verb	hbs	pomlajajoč	adverb	slv
potkrepljujući	verb	hbs	potrjujoč	adverb	slv
pothranjujući	verb	hbs	razvnemajoč	adverb	slv
priključujući	verb	hbs	priključujoč	adverb	slv
proslavljujući	verb	hbs	proslavljajoč	adverb	slv
preuređujući	verb	hbs	preurejajoč	adverb	slv
preispitujući	verb	hbs	premišljujoč	adverb	slv
prerađujući	verb	hbs	predelujoč	adverb	slv
razotkrivajući	verb	hbs	odkrivajoč	adverb	slv
razrađujući	verb	hbs	-razkrajajoč	adverb	slv
rasterećujući	verb	hbs	razbremenjujoč	adverb	slv
obeshrabrujući	verb	hbs	odvračajoč	adverb	slv
osuvremenjujući	verb	hbs	posodabljajoč	adverb	slv
produbljujući	verb	hbs	poglabljajoč	adverb	slv
pojednostavljujući	verb	hbs	poenostavljajoč	adverb	slv
preraspodjeljujući	verb	hbs	prerazporejajoč	adverb	slv
rasprostranjujući	verb	hbs	razpršujoč	adverb	slv
naplaćujući	verb	hbs	kasirajoč	adverb	slv
dopisujući	verb	hbs	dopisujoč	adverb	slv
dočekujući	verb	hbs	čakajoč	adverb	slv
predskazujući	verb	hbs	predvidevajoč	adverb	slv
šivajući	verb	hbs	šivajoč	adverb	slv
kazujući	verb	hbs	nanašajoč	adverb	slv
diskutujući	verb	hbs	razpravljajoč	adverb	slv
kritikujući	verb	hbs	kritizirjoč	adverb	slv
imenujući	verb	hbs	imenujoč	adverb	slv
organizujući	verb	hbs	organizirajoč	adverb	slv
posjedujući	verb	hbs	posedujoč	adverb	slv
ratifikujući	verb	hbs	ratificirajoč	adverb	slv
učestvujući	verb	hbs	sodelujoč	adverb	slv
sudjelujući	verb	hbs	sodelujoč	adverb	slv
vjerujući	verb	hbs	verujoč	adverb	slv
djelujući	verb	hbs	delujoč	adverb	slv
dejstvujući	verb	hbs	delujoč	adverb	slv
prisustvujući	verb	hbs	udeležujoč	adverb	slv
rezultujući	verb	hbs	povzročajoč	adverb	slv
poslujući	verb	hbs	delujoč	adverb	slv
ratujući	verb	hbs	vojskujoč	adverb	slv
mirujući	verb	hbs	mirujoč	adverb	slv
njegujući	verb	hbs	negujoč	adverb	slv
silujući	verb	hbs	posiljujoč	adverb	slv
tugujući	verb	hbs	žalujoč	adverb	slv
trgujući	verb	hbs	trgovini	adverb	slv
emitujući	verb	hbs	oddajajoč	adverb	slv
nominujući	verb	hbs	imenujoč	adverb	slv
linčujući	verb	hbs	linčajoč	adverb	slv
školujući	verb	hbs	izobražujoč	adverb	slv
bolujući	verb	hbs	boleč	adverb	slv
negodujući	verb	hbs	negodujoč	adverb	slv
oblikujući	verb	hbs	oblikujoč	adverb	slv
obrazujući	verb	hbs	izobražujoč	adverb	slv
rizikujući	verb	hbs	tvegajoč	adverb	slv
savjetujući	verb	hbs	svetujoč	adverb	slv
strahujući	verb	hbs	strahujoč	adverb	slv
obilujući	verb	hbs	pretek	adverb	slv
napredujući	verb	hbs	napredujoč	adverb	slv
štrajkujući	verb	hbs	stavkajoč	adverb	slv
modifikujući	verb	hbs	spreminjajoč	adverb	slv
gazdujući	verb	hbs	upravljajoč	adverb	slv
falsifikujući	verb	hbs	oblikovati	adverb	slv
identifikujući	verb	hbs	opredeljena	adverb	slv
diskvalifikujući	verb	hbs	diskvalificira	adverb	slv
tukući	verb	hbs	udarjajoč	adverb	slv
tekući	verb	hbs	tekajoč	adverb	slv
idući	verb	hbs	hodeč	adverb	slv
glasajući	verb	hbs	glasujoč	adverb	slv
definišući	verb	hbs	opredeljujoč	adverb	slv
potresajući	verb	hbs	tresoč	adverb	slv
kontrolišući	verb	hbs	kontrolirajoč	adverb	slv
eliminišući	verb	hbs	odpravljajoč	adverb	slv
regulišući	verb	hbs	regulirajoč	adverb	slv
koordinišući	verb	hbs	usklajujoč	adverb	slv
udišući	verb	hbs	dihajoč	adverb	slv
dostižući	verb	hbs	dohajajoč	adverb	slv
stižući	verb	hbs	dohajajoč	adverb	slv
vežući	verb	hbs	vezoč	adverb	slv
podižući	verb	hbs	dvigujoč	adverb	slv
zatežući	verb	hbs	zategujoč	adverb	slv
švercajući	verb	hbs	švercan	adverb	slv
mičući	verb	hbs	premikajoč	adverb	slv
skačući	verb	hbs	skakajoč	adverb	slv
istječući	verb	hbs	iztekajoč	adverb	slv
otječući	verb	hbs	otekajoč	adverb	slv
protječući	verb	hbs	prehitevajoč	adverb	slv
ističući	verb	hbs	stoječ	adverb	slv
potičući	verb	hbs	spodbujajoč	adverb	slv
utječući	verb	hbs	vplivajoč	adverb	slv
izričući	verb	hbs	izrekajoč	adverb	slv
odričući	verb	hbs	zanikajoč	adverb	slv
potječući	verb	hbs	izvirajo	adverb	slv
pomičući	verb	hbs	premikajoč	adverb	slv
proistječući	verb	hbs	izhajajoč	adverb	slv
blokirajući	verb	hbs	blokirajoč	adverb	slv
definirajući	verb	hbs	opredeljujoč	adverb	slv
diskutirajući	verb	hbs	razpravljajoč	adverb	slv
eksplodirajući	verb	hbs	eksplodirajoč	adverb	slv
ekstradirajući	verb	hbs	izročujoč	adverb	slv
investirajući	verb	hbs	vlagajoč	adverb	slv
informirajući	verb	hbs	obveščajoč	adverb	slv
kandidirajući	verb	hbs	kandidirajoč	adverb	slv
nadzirajući	verb	hbs	nadzirajoč	adverb	slv
negirajući	verb	hbs	zanikajoč	adverb	slv
planirajući	verb	hbs	načrtujoč	adverb	slv
promovirajući	verb	hbs	promovirajoč	adverb	slv
rangirajući	verb	hbs	uvrsčajoč	adverb	slv
ratificirajući	verb	hbs	ratificirajoč	adverb	slv
fokusirajući	verb	hbs	fokusirajoč	adverb	slv
funkcionirajući	verb	hbs	delujoč	adverb	slv
citirajući	verb	hbs	citirajoč	adverb	slv
inzistirajući	verb	hbs	vztrajajoč	adverb	slv
protestirajući	verb	hbs	protestirajoč	adverb	slv
formirajući	verb	hbs	sestavljajoč	adverb	slv
kompletirajući	verb	hbs	kompletirajoč	adverb	slv
implementirajući	verb	hbs	izvajajoč	adverb	slv
interesirajući	verb	hbs	interesirajoč	adverb	slv
umirajući	verb	hbs	umirajoč	adverb	slv
emitirajući	verb	hbs	oddajajoč	adverb	slv
nominirajući	verb	hbs	nominirajoč	adverb	slv
riskirajući	verb	hbs	tvegajoč	adverb	slv
publicirajući	verb	hbs	publicirajoč	adverb	slv
komplicirajući	verb	hbs	komplicirajoč	adverb	slv
prakticirajući	verb	hbs	prakticirajoč	adverb	slv
kvalificirajući	verb	hbs	kvalificirajoč	adverb	slv
identificirajući	verb	hbs	prepoznavajoč	adverb	slv
diskvalificirajući	verb	hbs	diskvalificirajoč	adverb	slv
dezorganizirajući	verb	hbs	dezorganizirajoč	adverb	slv
samofinancirajući	verb	hbs	sofinancirajoč	adverb	slv
kontrolirajući	verb	hbs	nadzorjujoč	adverb	slv
eliminirajući	verb	hbs	odpravljajoč	adverb	slv
regulirajući	verb	hbs	regulirajoč	adverb	slv
reformirajući	verb	hbs	reformirajoč	adverb	slv
koordinirajući	verb	hbs	usklajujoč	adverb	slv
bojkotirajući	verb	hbs	bojkotirajoč	adverb	slv
dominirajući	verb	hbs	prevladujoč	adverb	slv
finalizirajući	verb	hbs	dokončujoč	adverb	slv
tolerirajući	verb	hbs	tolerirajoč	adverb	slv
aplicirajući	verb	hbs	uporabljajoč	adverb	slv
lobirajući	verb	hbs	lobirajoč	adverb	slv
inicirajući	verb	hbs	spodbujajoč	adverb	slv
donirajući	verb	hbs	darujoč	adverb	slv
metući	verb	hbs	pometajoč	adverb	slv
uvodeći	verb	hbs	uvajajoč	adverb	slv
dovodeći	verb	hbs	dovajajoč	adverb	slv
navodeći	verb	hbs	navajajoč	adverb	slv
predvodeći	verb	hbs	vodeč	adverb	slv
slijedeći	verb	hbs	zasledujoč	adverb	slv
vrijedeći	verb	hbs	veljajoč	adverb	slv
dogodeći	verb	hbs	dogajajoč	adverb	slv
potvrdeći	verb	hbs	potrjujoč	adverb	slv
izvodeći	verb	hbs	izvajajoč	adverb	slv
prevodeći	verb	hbs	prevajajoč	adverb	slv
proizvodeći	verb	hbs	proizvajajoč	adverb	slv
protiveći	verb	hbs	nasprotujoč	adverb	slv
slaveći	verb	hbs	praznujoč	adverb	slv
plaveći	verb	hbs	poplavljajoč	adverb	slv
boraveći	verb	hbs	bivajoč	adverb	slv
praveći	verb	hbs	delajoč	adverb	slv
ulazeći	verb	hbs	vstopajoč	adverb	slv
izlazeći	verb	hbs	izstopajoč	adverb	slv
proizlazeći	verb	hbs	povzročajoč	adverb	slv
prolazeći	verb	hbs	mimo	adverb	slv
izvozeći	verb	hbs	izvažajoč	adverb	slv
zaobilazeći	verb	hbs	obvožen	adverb	slv
plijeneći	verb	hbs	pleneč	adverb	slv
čineći	verb	hbs	delujoč	adverb	slv
braneći	verb	hbs	braneč	adverb	slv
baštineći	verb	hbs	dedujoč	adverb	slv
progoneći	verb	hbs	preganjajoč	adverb	slv
kazneći	verb	hbs	kaznujoč	adverb	slv
prijeteći	verb	hbs	grozeč	adverb	slv
boreći	verb	hbs	boreč	adverb	slv
služeći	verb	hbs	služeč	adverb	slv
značeći	verb	hbs	važeč	adverb	slv
važeći	verb	hbs	važeč	adverb	slv
zboreći	verb	hbs	govoreč	adverb	slv
rušeći	verb	hbs	rušeč	adverb	slv
oblačeći	verb	hbs	oblečen	adverb	slv
kvareći	verb	hbs	kvareč	adverb	slv
bližeći	verb	hbs	bližajoč	adverb	slv
odugovlačeći	verb	hbs	zavlačujoč	adverb	slv
svjedočeći	verb	hbs	pričajoč	adverb	slv
cureći	verb	hbs	puščajoč	adverb	slv
tvoreći	verb	hbs	sestavljajoč	adverb	slv
moreći	verb	hbs	ubijajoč	adverb	slv
tarući	verb	hbs	mučeč	adverb	slv
šaljući	verb	hbs	pošiljajoč	adverb	slv
odlažući	verb	hbs	odlagajoč	adverb	slv
zalažući	verb	hbs	zalagajoč	adverb	slv
lažući	verb	hbs	zlagajoč	adverb	slv
ulažući	verb	hbs	vlagajoč	adverb	slv
izlažući	verb	hbs	izkazujoč	adverb	slv
nalažući	verb	hbs	lagajoč	adverb	slv
obrazlažući	verb	hbs	razlagajoč	adverb	slv
potpomažući	verb	hbs	podpirajoč	adverb	slv
raspolažući	verb	hbs	razpolagajoč	adverb	slv
namećući	verb	hbs	vsiljen	adverb	slv
nadmećući	verb	hbs	tekmujoč	adverb	slv
umećući	verb	hbs	dodajajoč	adverb	slv
podmećući	verb	hbs	podstavljajoč	adverb	slv
bivajući	verb	hbs	bivajoč	adverb	slv
izbijajući	verb	hbs	izbijajoč	adverb	slv
otpravljajući	verb	hbs	otpravljajoč	adverb	slv
posvajajući	verb	hbs	posvajajoč	adverb	slv
prevađajući	verb	hbs	prevajajoč	adverb	slv
pričinjajući	verb	hbs	zamišljajoč	adverb	slv
samoupravljajući	verb	hbs	samoupravljajoč	adverb	slv
unašajući	verb	hbs	unašajoč	adverb	slv
uvažajući	verb	hbs	uvažajoč	adverb	slv
otpočinjući	verb	hbs	začenjajoč	adverb	slv
zavezujući	verb	hbs	vezajoč	adverb	slv
kopajući	verb	hbs	kopajoč	adverb	slv
pljuvajući	verb	hbs	pljuvajoč	adverb	slv
pišući	verb	hbs	beležen	adverb	slv
mijući	verb	hbs	umivajoč	adverb	slv
noseći	verb	hbs	noseč	adverb	slv
vozeći	verb	hbs	vozeč	adverb	slv
jedući	verb	hbs	jedoč	adverb	slv
crkavajući	verb	hbs	umirajoč	adverb	slv
dovršavajući	verb	hbs	končavajoč	adverb	slv
zaživljavajući	verb	hbs	oživljajoč	adverb	slv
iskopavajući	verb	hbs	izkopavajoč	adverb	slv
raseljavajući	verb	hbs	razseljujoč	adverb	slv
naobražavajući	verb	hbs	učeč	adverb	slv
zakašnjavajući	verb	hbs	zamujajoč	adverb	slv
zamišljavajući	verb	hbs	zamišljajoč	adverb	slv
zatopljavajući	verb	hbs	segrevajoč	adverb	slv
ispucavajući	verb	hbs	pokajoč	adverb	slv
prekoravajući	verb	hbs	karajoč	adverb	slv
preseljavajući	verb	hbs	preseljujoč	adverb	slv
ispražnjavajući	verb	hbs	prazneč	adverb	slv
razoružavajući	verb	hbs	razorožujoč	adverb	slv
pronevjeravajući	verb	hbs	ponarejajoč	adverb	slv
nadodajući	verb	hbs	dodajajoč	adverb	slv
rasprodajući	verb	hbs	razprodajajoč	adverb	slv
razuvjeravajući	verb	hbs	pregovarjajoč	adverb	slv
prevaljujući	verb	hbs	premeščajoč	adverb	slv
osuđujući	verb	hbs	obsojajoč	adverb	slv
povikujući	verb	hbs	kričeč	adverb	slv
uperujući	verb	hbs	namerjajoč	adverb	slv
združujući	verb	hbs	združujoč	adverb	slv
izmamljujući	verb	hbs	najemajoč	adverb	slv
iznuđujući	verb	hbs	izsiljujoč	adverb	slv
namjenjujući	verb	hbs	napenjajoč	adverb	slv
osmjeljujući	verb	hbs	opogumljajoč	adverb	slv
otcjepljujući	verb	hbs	odcepljajoč	adverb	slv
podarujući	verb	hbs	podarjajoč	adverb	slv
ozdravljujući	verb	hbs	ozdravljajoč	adverb	slv
opkružujući	verb	hbs	oduživati	adverb	slv
potpaljujući	verb	hbs	potapljajoč	adverb	slv
pretrpljujući	verb	hbs	trpeč	adverb	slv
procurujući	verb	hbs	puščajoč	adverb	slv
privređujući	verb	hbs	pridelujoč	adverb	slv
zgotovljujući	verb	hbs	zagotavljajoč	adverb	slv
prizemljujući	verb	hbs	pristajajoč	adverb	slv
prisluškujući	verb	hbs	prisluškajoč	adverb	slv
obeštećujući	verb	hbs	izplačujoč	adverb	slv
raspoložujući	verb	hbs	razveseljujoč	adverb	slv
doplaćujući	verb	hbs	doplačujoč	adverb	slv
otpočivajući	verb	hbs	počivajoč	adverb	slv
ushićujući	verb	hbs	veseleč	adverb	slv
zastrašujući	verb	hbs	zastrašujoč	adverb	slv
žrtvujući	verb	hbs	žrtvujoč	adverb	slv
nazadujući	verb	hbs	nazadujoč	adverb	slv
razlikujući	verb	hbs	razlikujoč	adverb	slv
čuvstvujući	verb	hbs	čuteč	adverb	slv
posredujući	verb	hbs	posredujoč	adverb	slv
šefujući	verb	hbs	ukazujoč	adverb	slv
izdižući	verb	hbs	dvigajoč	adverb	slv
presjecajući	verb	hbs	prekinjajoč	adverb	slv
organizirajući	verb	hbs	organizirajoč	adverb	slv
nadirajući	verb	hbs	nadirajoč	adverb	slv
dezinformirajući	verb	hbs	dezinformirajoč	adverb	slv
prilazeći	verb	hbs	pristopajoč	adverb	slv
nagleći	verb	hbs	hiteč	adverb	slv
brboreći	verb	hbs	brbotajoč	adverb	slv
svirajući	verb	hbs	svirajoč	adverb	slv
koštajući	verb	hbs	veljajoč	adverb	slv
spuštajući	verb	hbs	spuščajoč	adverb	slv
uklapajući	verb	hbs	vklapljajoč	adverb	slv
umiješajući	verb	hbs	mešajoč	adverb	slv
ustajući	verb	hbs	vstajajoč	adverb	slv
blagoslivljajući	verb	hbs	blagoslavljajoč	adverb	slv
duvajući	verb	hbs	pihajoč	adverb	slv
vraćajući	verb	hbs	vračajoč	adverb	slv
vadeći	verb	hbs	vadeč	adverb	slv
pijući	verb	hbs	pijoč	adverb	slv
sučeljavajući	verb	hbs	soočajoč	adverb	slv
ispunjavajući	verb	hbs	izpolnjujoč	adverb	slv
ograničavajući	verb	hbs	omejujoč	adverb	slv
olakšavajući	verb	hbs	olajšujoč	adverb	slv
usaglašavajući	verb	hbs	usklajujoč	adverb	slv
usuglašavajući	verb	hbs	usklajujoč	adverb	slv
iseljavajući	verb	hbs	izseljujoč	adverb	slv
obučavajući	verb	hbs	poučujoč	adverb	slv
porobljavajući	verb	hbs	zasužnjujoč	adverb	slv
smrzavajući	verb	hbs	zmrzujoč	adverb	slv
izjašnjavajući	verb	hbs	pojasnjujoč	adverb	slv
ojačavajući	verb	hbs	ojačujoč	adverb	slv
pobjeđujući	verb	hbs	premagujoč	adverb	slv
pridružujući	verb	hbs	pridružujoč	adverb	slv
ograđujući	verb	hbs	ograjujoč	adverb	slv
određujući	verb	hbs	določan	adverb	slv
otpisujući	verb	hbs	odpisujoč	adverb	slv
pomirujući	verb	hbs	pomirjujoč	adverb	slv
popisujući	verb	hbs	popisujoč	adverb	slv
skraćujući	verb	hbs	skrajšujoč	adverb	slv
nagrađujući	verb	hbs	nagrajujoč	adverb	slv
pozajmljujući	verb	hbs	posojajoč	adverb	slv
prikazujući	verb	hbs	prikazujoč	adverb	slv
razrješujući	verb	hbs	razrešujoč	adverb	slv
opterećujući	verb	hbs	obremenjujoč	adverb	slv
isplaćujući	verb	hbs	izplačujoč	adverb	slv
otplaćujući	verb	hbs	odplačujoč	adverb	slv
gladujući	verb	hbs	stradajoč	adverb	slv
dokažući	verb	hbs	dokazujoč	adverb	slv
rezultirajući	verb	hbs	rezultirajoč	adverb	slv
obamirajući	verb	hbs	omedlevajoč	adverb	slv
komandirajući	verb	hbs	komandirajoč	adverb	slv
verificirajući	verb	hbs	preverjajoč	adverb	slv
modificirajući	verb	hbs	spreminjajoč	adverb	slv
deblokirajući	verb	hbs	deblokirajoč	adverb	slv
reorganizirajući	verb	hbs	organizirajoč	adverb	slv
harmonizirajući	verb	hbs	harmonizirajoč	adverb	slv
svodeći	verb	hbs	padajoč	adverb	slv
buneći	verb	hbs	protestirajoč	adverb	slv
lomeći	verb	hbs	lomeč	adverb	slv
tereteći	verb	hbs	obtožujoč	adverb	slv
gušeći	verb	hbs	daveč	adverb	slv
žureći	verb	hbs	hiteč	adverb	slv
održavajući	verb	hbs	vzdržujoč	adverb	slv
izobražavajući	verb	hbs	izobražujoč	adverb	slv
odbrojavajući	verb	hbs	odštevajoč	adverb	slv
osvjetljavajući	verb	hbs	osvetljujoč	adverb	slv
pojašnjavajući	verb	hbs	pojasnjujoč	adverb	slv
razjašnjavajući	verb	hbs	pojasnjujoč	adverb	slv
razgledavajući	verb	hbs	razgledujoč	adverb	slv
spavajući	verb	hbs	speč	adverb	slv
igrajući	verb	hbs	igrajoč	adverb	slv
objašnjavajući	verb	hbs	objasnjujoč	adverb	slv
odobravajući	verb	hbs	odobravajoč	adverb	slv
govoreći	verb	hbs	govoreč	adverb	slv
bijući	verb	hbs	udarjajoč	adverb	slv
sjedeći	verb	hbs	sedeč	adverb	slv
radeći	verb	hbs	delajoč	adverb	slv
držeći	verb	hbs	držeč	adverb	slv
znajući	verb	hbs	obvladajoč	adverb	slv
smješkajući	verb	hbs	smejoč	adverb	slv
slušajući	verb	hbs	poslušajoč	adverb	slv
razgovarajući	verb	hbs	govoreč	adverb	slv
zapljenjujući	verb	hbs	zaplenjujoč	adverb	slv
gledajući	verb	hbs	gledajoč	adverb	slv
dobivajući	verb	hbs	dobivajoč	adverb	slv
skrivajući	verb	hbs	skrivajoč	adverb	slv
dolazeći	verb	hbs	prihajajoč	adverb	slv
odlazeći	verb	hbs	odhajajoč	adverb	slv
postižući	verb	hbs	dosegajoč	adverb	slv
štujući	verb	hbs	spoštujoč	adverb	slv
rukujući	verb	hbs	rokujoč	adverb	slv
iščekujući	verb	hbs	pričakujoč	adverb	slv
odjeljujući	verb	hbs	oddeljujoč	adverb	slv
zabranjujući	verb	hbs	prepovedujoč	adverb	slv
nadmašujući	verb	hbs	premagujoč	adverb	slv
odstranjujući	verb	hbs	odstranjujoč	adverb	slv
obožavajući	verb	hbs	spoštujoč	adverb	slv
pekući	verb	hbs	pekoč	adverb	slv
sjekući	verb	hbs	sekajoč	adverb	slv
sjedeći	verb	hbs	sedeč	adverb	slv
glasujući	verb	hbs	glasujoč	adverb	slv
dirajući	verb	hbs	dotikajoč	adverb	slv
voleći	verb	hbs	ljubeč	adverb	slv
baveći	verb	hbs	ukvarjajoč	adverb	slv
bujajući	verb	hbs	žuboreč	adverb	slv
probavajući	verb	hbs	poskušajoč	adverb	slv
izlazeći	verb	hbs	izstopajoč	adverb	slv
izvirujući	verb	hbs	izvirajoč	adverb	slv
izvirajući	verb	hbs	izvirajoč	adverb	slv
potrčavajući	verb	hbs	odtekajoč	adverb	slv
željeći	verb	hbs	želeč	adverb	slv
voljeći	verb	hbs	ljubeč	adverb	slv
smijući	verb	hbs	smejoč	adverb	slv
gradeći	verb	hbs	gradeč	adverb	slv
svrstavajući	verb	hbs	razvrščajoč	adverb	slv
isplivavajući	verb	hbs	izplavajoč	adverb	slv
interesujući	verb	hbs	interesirajoč	adverb	slv
praktikujući	verb	hbs	prakticirajoč	adverb	slv
kvalifikujući	verb	hbs	kvalificirajoč	adverb	slv
finalizujući	verb	hbs	dokončujoč	adverb	slv
dezinformišući	verb	hbs	dezinformirajoč	adverb	slv
reformišući	verb	hbs	reformirajoč	adverb	slv
tolerišući	verb	hbs	tolerirajoč	adverb	slv
realizujući	verb	hbs	realiziran	adjective	slv
apelirajući	verb	hbs	apeliran	adjective	slv
apseći	verb	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
bazirajući	verb	hbs	baziran	adjective	slv
bilježeći	verb	hbs	beležen	adjective	slv
brišući	verb	hbs	brisan	adjective	slv
budeći	verb	hbs	bujen	adjective	slv
dajući	verb	hbs	dajućiran	adjective	slv
dijeleći	verb	hbs	deljen	adjective	slv
falsificirajući	verb	hbs	ponarejen	adjective	slv
financirajući	verb	hbs	financiran	adjective	slv
garantujući	verb	hbs	garantiran	adjective	slv
griješeći	verb	hbs	grešen	adjective	slv
hapseći	verb	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
iskorjenjujući	verb	hbs	izkoreninjen	adjective	slv
iskrivljavajući	verb	hbs	izkrivljen	adjective	slv
izbivajući	verb	hbs	odsoten	adjective	slv
iznoseći	verb	hbs	iznesen	adjective	slv
izobličavajući	verb	hbs	izobličen	adjective	slv
izvlačeći	verb	hbs	izvlečen	adjective	slv
kažnjavajući	verb	hbs	kaznovan	adjective	slv
kritizirajući	verb	hbs	kritiziran	adjective	slv
kriveći	verb	hbs	krivljen	adjective	slv
krunišući	verb	hbs	kronan	adjective	slv
kupujući	verb	hbs	kupljen	adjective	slv
liječeći	verb	hbs	zdravljen	adjective	slv
nasljeđujući	verb	hbs	podedovan	adjective	slv
odlikujući	verb	hbs	odlikovan	adjective	slv
odmrzavajući	verb	hbs	odmrznjen	adjective	slv
odužujući	verb	hbs	oddolžen	adjective	slv
odvlačeći	verb	hbs	odvlečen	adjective	slv
okrunjujući	verb	hbs	okronan	adjective	slv
oslabljujući	verb	hbs	oslabljen	adjective	slv
osnažujući	verb	hbs	osnažen	adjective	slv
oštećujući	verb	hbs	poškodovan	adjective	slv
otkupljujući	verb	hbs	odkupljen	adjective	slv
ozvučavajući	verb	hbs	ozvočen	adjective	slv
plaćajući	verb	hbs	plačan	adjective	slv
podređujući	verb	hbs	podrejen	adjective	slv
podvlačeći	verb	hbs	podčrtan	adjective	slv
popunjavajući	verb	hbs	zapolnjen	adjective	slv
poražavajući	verb	hbs	poražen	adjective	slv
porazeći	verb	hbs	poražen	adjective	slv
poštujući	verb	hbs	spoštovan	adjective	slv
povređujući	verb	hbs	poškodovan	adjective	slv
prazneći	verb	hbs	prazen	adjective	slv
prenoseći	verb	hbs	prenesen	adjective	slv
presušujući	verb	hbs	presušen	adjective	slv
pretiskavajući	verb	hbs	pretiskan	adjective	slv
pretražujući	verb	hbs	preiskovan	adjective	slv
prilagođavajući	verb	hbs	prilagojen	adjective	slv
privlačeći	verb	hbs	privlačen	adjective	slv
privodeći	verb	hbs	priveden	adjective	slv
pročišćavajući	verb	hbs	prečiščen	adjective	slv
raspoređujući	verb	hbs	razporejen	adjective	slv
razdjeljujući	verb	hbs	razdeljen	adjective	slv
razočaravajući	verb	hbs	razočaran	adjective	slv
realizirajući	verb	hbs	realiziran	adjective	slv
redefinirajući	verb	hbs	definiran	adjective	slv
ublažavajući	verb	hbs	ublažen	adjective	slv
uhićujući	verb	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
ukorjenjujući	verb	hbs	ukoreninjen	adjective	slv
unoseći	verb	hbs	vnesen	adjective	slv
unoseći	verb	hbs	vnesen	adjective	slv
upućujući	verb	hbs	napoten	adjective	slv
urezujući	verb	hbs	urezan	adjective	slv
uvozeći	verb	hbs	uvožen	adjective	slv
zabilježujući	verb	hbs	zabeležen	adjective	slv
zadovoljavajući	verb	hbs	zadovoljen	adjective	slv
zadužujući	verb	hbs	zadolžen	adjective	slv
zaleđujući	verb	hbs	zamrznjen	adjective	slv
zamagljujući	verb	hbs	zamegljen	adjective	slv
zaoštravajući	verb	hbs	zaostren	adjective	slv
zaražujući	verb	hbs	okužen	adjective	slv
zaštićujući	verb	hbs	zaščiten	adjective	slv
završavajući	verb	hbs	dokončan	adjective	slv
presuđujući	verb	hbs	presojen	adjective	slv
tumačeći	verb	hbs	tolmačen	adjective	slv
zaslužujući	verb	hbs	zaslužen	adjective	slv
formulirajući	verb	hbs	formuliran	adjective	slv
prebacujući	verb	hbs	premeščen	adjective	slv
zarađujući	verb	hbs	zaslužen	adjective	slv
oporezujući	verb	hbs	obdavčen	adjective	slv
datirajući	verb	hbs	datiran	adjective	slv
duplicirajući	verb	hbs	podvojen	adjective	slv
obilazeći	verb	hbs	obhojen	adjective	slv
kršeći	verb	hbs	kršen	adjective	slv
udvajajući	verb	hbs	podvojen	adjective	slv
pozivajući	verb	hbs	pozvan	adjective	slv
iskupljujući	verb	hbs	odkupljen	adjective	slv
tražeći	verb	hbs	iskan	adjective	slv
izbjegavajući	verb	hbs	izognjen	adjective	slv
svršavajući	verb	hbs	končan	adjective	slv
dugujući	verb	hbs	dolgovan	adjective	slv
konfiscirajući	verb	hbs	zasežen	adjective	slv
zakupljajući	verb	hbs	zakupljen	adjective	slv
razgorujući	verb	hbs	razgorel	adjective	slv
izmučujući	verb	hbs	izmučen	adjective	slv
pretplaćujući	verb	hbs	predplačniški	adjective	slv
bojeći	verb	hbs	barvan	adjective	slv
zovući	verb	hbs	klican	adjective	slv
graničeći	verb	hbs	mejen	adjective	slv
polažući	verb	hbs	položen	adjective	slv
korintski	adverb	hbs	korintski	adjective	slv
korintski	adverb	hbs	korintski	adjective	slv
biometrijski	adverb	hbs	biometričen	adjective	slv
biometrijski	adverb	hbs	biometričen	adjective	slv
trgovački	adverb	hbs	trgovski	adjective	slv
trgovački	adverb	hbs	trgovski	adjective	slv
turistički	adverb	hbs	turističen	adjective	slv
turistički	adverb	hbs	turističen	adjective	slv
univerzitetski	adverb	hbs	univerziteten	adjective	slv
univerzitetski	adverb	hbs	univerziteten	adjective	slv
finansijski	adverb	hbs	finančen	adjective	slv
finansijski	adverb	hbs	finančen	adjective	slv
fudbalski	adverb	hbs	nogometen	adjective	slv
fudbalski	adverb	hbs	nogometen	adjective	slv
zajednički	adverb	hbs	skupen	adjective	slv
zajednički	adverb	hbs	skupen	adjective	slv
birački	adverb	hbs	volilen	adjective	slv
birački	adverb	hbs	volilen	adjective	slv
marokanski	adverb	hbs	maroški	adjective	slv
marokanski	adverb	hbs	maroški	adjective	slv
oslobodilački	adverb	hbs	osvobodilen	adjective	slv
oslobodilački	adverb	hbs	osvobodilen	adjective	slv
nebeski	adverb	hbs	nebeški	adjective	slv
nebeski	adverb	hbs	nebeški	adjective	slv
vanjski	adverb	hbs	zunanji	adjective	slv
vanjski	adverb	hbs	zunanji	adjective	slv
atlantski	adverb	hbs	atlantski	adjective	slv
atlantski	adverb	hbs	atlantski	adjective	slv
bombaški	adverb	hbs	bomben	adjective	slv
bombaški	adverb	hbs	bomben	adjective	slv
nadzorno	adverb	hbs	nadzoren	adjective	slv
ovogodišnje	adverb	hbs	letošnji	adjective	slv
osiguravajuće	adverb	hbs	zavarovalen	adjective	slv
pogranično	adverb	hbs	obmejen	adjective	slv
pripremno	adverb	hbs	pripravljen	adjective	slv
podzemno	adverb	hbs	podzemen	adjective	slv
početno	adverb	hbs	začeten	adjective	slv
prednje	adverb	hbs	sprednji	adjective	slv
predizborno	adverb	hbs	predvolilen	adjective	slv
rezervno	adverb	hbs	rezerven	adjective	slv
sadašnje	adverb	hbs	današnje	adverb	slv
savezno	adverb	hbs	zvezen	adjective	slv
srednjovjekovno	adverb	hbs	srednjeveški	adjective	slv
tranzitno	adverb	hbs	tranziten	adjective	slv
trodnevno	adverb	hbs	tridneven	adjective	slv
ulično	adverb	hbs	uličen	adjective	slv
jugoistočno	adverb	hbs	jugovzhoden	adjective	slv
infrastrukturno	adverb	hbs	infrastrukturen	adjective	slv
jednodnevno	adverb	hbs	enodneven	adjective	slv
brigadno	adverb	hbs	brigaden	adjective	slv
kubno	adverb	hbs	kubičen	adjective	slv
investiciono	adverb	hbs	investicijski	adjective	slv
opoziciono	adverb	hbs	opozicijski	adjective	slv
ptičje	adverb	hbs	ptičji	adjective	slv
vrhovno	adverb	hbs	vrhoven	adjective	slv
dvodnevno	adverb	hbs	dvodneven	adjective	slv
domaće	adverb	hbs	domač	adjective	slv
dosadašnje	adverb	hbs	dosedanji	adjective	slv
zakonodavno	adverb	hbs	zakonodajen	adjective	slv
minutno	adverb	hbs	minuten	adjective	slv
mirovno	adverb	hbs	miroven	adjective	slv
višedesetljetno	adverb	hbs	desetleten	adjective	slv
operno	adverb	hbs	operen	adjective	slv
sredozemno	adverb	hbs	sredozemski	adjective	slv
trajektno	adverb	hbs	trajekten	adjective	slv
bivše	adverb	hbs	bivši	adjective	slv
paravojno	adverb	hbs	paravojaški	adjective	slv
uskršnje	adverb	hbs	velikonočen	adjective	slv
vodeće	adverb	hbs	vodilen	adjective	slv
nogometno	adverb	hbs	nogometen	adjective	slv
autobusno	adverb	hbs	avtobusen	adjective	slv
baletno	adverb	hbs	baleten	adjective	slv
nadgledno	adverb	hbs	nadzoren	adjective	slv
nadgledno	adverb	hbs	nadzoren	adjective	slv
nadgledno	adverb	hbs	nadzoren	adjective	slv
nadgledno	adverb	hbs	nadzoren	adjective	slv
maloljetno	adverb	hbs	mladoleten	adjective	slv
maloljetno	adverb	hbs	mladoleten	adjective	slv
maloljetno	adverb	hbs	mladoleten	adjective	slv
maloljetno	adverb	hbs	mladoleten	adjective	slv
prosvjetno	adverb	hbs	prosveten	adjective	slv
prosvjetno	adverb	hbs	prosveten	adjective	slv
prosvjetno	adverb	hbs	prosveten	adjective	slv
prosvjetno	adverb	hbs	prosveten	adjective	slv
nestalo	adverb	hbs	posteljen	adjective	slv
krevetno	adverb	hbs	posteljen	adjective	slv
naplatno	adverb	hbs	kasiran	adjective	slv
garantno	adverb	hbs	garanten	adjective	slv
ratno	adverb	hbs	vojen	adjective	slv
prijemno	adverb	hbs	sprejet	adjective	slv
ostalo	adverb	hbs	ostal	adjective	slv
navedeno	adverb	hbs	naveden	adjective	slv
navedeno	adverb	hbs	naveden	adjective	slv
navedeno	adverb	hbs	naveden	adjective	slv
navedeno	adverb	hbs	naveden	adjective	slv
naslovljeno	adverb	hbs	naslovljen	adjective	slv
naslovljeno	adverb	hbs	naslovljen	adjective	slv
naslovljeno	adverb	hbs	naslovljen	adjective	slv
naslovljeno	adverb	hbs	naslovljen	adjective	slv
objavljeno	adverb	hbs	objavljen	adjective	slv
objavljeno	adverb	hbs	objavljen	adjective	slv
objavljeno	adverb	hbs	objavljen	adjective	slv
objavljeno	adverb	hbs	objavljen	adjective	slv
odloženo	adverb	hbs	odložen	adjective	slv
odloženo	adverb	hbs	odložen	adjective	slv
odloženo	adverb	hbs	odložen	adjective	slv
odloženo	adverb	hbs	odložen	adjective	slv
odobreno	adverb	hbs	odobren	adjective	slv
odobreno	adverb	hbs	odobren	adjective	slv
odobreno	adverb	hbs	odobren	adjective	slv
odobreno	adverb	hbs	odobren	adjective	slv
opredijeljeno	adverb	hbs	opredeljen	adjective	slv
opredijeljeno	adverb	hbs	opredeljen	adjective	slv
opredijeljeno	adverb	hbs	opredeljen	adjective	slv
opredijeljeno	adverb	hbs	opredeljen	adjective	slv
oslobođeno	adverb	hbs	osvobojen	adjective	slv
oslobođeno	adverb	hbs	osvobojen	adjective	slv
oslobođeno	adverb	hbs	osvobojen	adjective	slv
oslobođeno	adverb	hbs	osvobojen	adjective	slv
osumnjičeno	adverb	hbs	osumljen	adjective	slv
osumnjičeno	adverb	hbs	osumljen	adjective	slv
osumnjičeno	adverb	hbs	osumljen	adjective	slv
osumnjičeno	adverb	hbs	osumljen	adjective	slv
osuđeno	adverb	hbs	obsojen	adjective	slv
osuđeno	adverb	hbs	obsojen	adjective	slv
osuđeno	adverb	hbs	obsojen	adjective	slv
osuđeno	adverb	hbs	obsojen	adjective	slv
otkriveno	adverb	hbs	odkrit	adjective	slv
otkriveno	adverb	hbs	odkrit	adjective	slv
otkriveno	adverb	hbs	odkrit	adjective	slv
otkriveno	adverb	hbs	odkrit	adjective	slv
umirovljeno	adverb	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
umirovljeno	adverb	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
umirovljeno	adverb	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
umirovljeno	adverb	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
povrijeđeno	adverb	hbs	poškodovan	adjective	slv
povrijeđeno	adverb	hbs	poškodovan	adjective	slv
povrijeđeno	adverb	hbs	poškodovan	adjective	slv
povrijeđeno	adverb	hbs	poškodovan	adjective	slv
posvećeno	adverb	hbs	posvečen	adjective	slv
posvećeno	adverb	hbs	posvečen	adjective	slv
posvećeno	adverb	hbs	posvečen	adjective	slv
posvećeno	adverb	hbs	posvečen	adjective	slv
postavljeno	adverb	hbs	postavljen	adjective	slv
postavljeno	adverb	hbs	postavljen	adjective	slv
postavljeno	adverb	hbs	postavljen	adjective	slv
postavljeno	adverb	hbs	postavljen	adjective	slv
predloženo	adverb	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
predloženo	adverb	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
predloženo	adverb	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
predloženo	adverb	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
preneseno	adverb	hbs	prenesen	adjective	slv
preneseno	adverb	hbs	prenesen	adjective	slv
preneseno	adverb	hbs	prenesen	adjective	slv
preneseno	adverb	hbs	prenesen	adjective	slv
preostalo	adverb	hbs	preostal	adjective	slv
preostalo	adverb	hbs	preostal	adjective	slv
preostalo	adverb	hbs	preostal	adjective	slv
preostalo	adverb	hbs	preostal	adjective	slv
presječeno	adverb	hbs	presekan	adjective	slv
presječeno	adverb	hbs	presekan	adjective	slv
presječeno	adverb	hbs	presekan	adjective	slv
presječeno	adverb	hbs	presekan	adjective	slv
primljeno	adverb	hbs	prejet	adjective	slv
primljeno	adverb	hbs	prejet	adjective	slv
primljeno	adverb	hbs	prejet	adjective	slv
primljeno	adverb	hbs	prejet	adjective	slv
proslavljeno	adverb	hbs	proslavljen	adjective	slv
proslavljeno	adverb	hbs	proslavljen	adjective	slv
proslavljeno	adverb	hbs	proslavljen	adjective	slv
proslavljeno	adverb	hbs	proslavljen	adjective	slv
raspoređeno	adverb	hbs	razporejen	adjective	slv
raspoređeno	adverb	hbs	razporejen	adjective	slv
raspoređeno	adverb	hbs	razporejen	adjective	slv
raspoređeno	adverb	hbs	razporejen	adjective	slv
riješeno	adverb	hbs	rešen	adjective	slv
riješeno	adverb	hbs	rešen	adjective	slv
riješeno	adverb	hbs	rešen	adjective	slv
riješeno	adverb	hbs	rešen	adjective	slv
sprovedeno	adverb	hbs	izpeljan	adjective	slv
sprovedeno	adverb	hbs	izpeljan	adjective	slv
sprovedeno	adverb	hbs	izpeljan	adjective	slv
sprovedeno	adverb	hbs	izpeljan	adjective	slv
uhićeno	adverb	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
uhićeno	adverb	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
uhićeno	adverb	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
uhićeno	adverb	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
uhapšeno	adverb	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
uhapšeno	adverb	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
uhapšeno	adverb	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
uhapšeno	adverb	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
ubijeno	adverb	hbs	ubit	adjective	slv
ubijeno	adverb	hbs	ubit	adjective	slv
ubijeno	adverb	hbs	ubit	adjective	slv
ubijeno	adverb	hbs	ubit	adjective	slv
uništeno	adverb	hbs	uničen	adjective	slv
uništeno	adverb	hbs	uničen	adjective	slv
uništeno	adverb	hbs	uničen	adjective	slv
uništeno	adverb	hbs	uničen	adjective	slv
uključeno	adverb	hbs	vključen	adjective	slv
uključeno	adverb	hbs	vključen	adjective	slv
uključeno	adverb	hbs	vključen	adjective	slv
uključeno	adverb	hbs	vključen	adjective	slv
dodijeljeno	adverb	hbs	dodeljen	adjective	slv
dodijeljeno	adverb	hbs	dodeljen	adjective	slv
dodijeljeno	adverb	hbs	dodeljen	adjective	slv
dodijeljeno	adverb	hbs	dodeljen	adjective	slv
namijenjeno	adverb	hbs	namenjen	adjective	slv
namijenjeno	adverb	hbs	namenjen	adjective	slv
namijenjeno	adverb	hbs	namenjen	adjective	slv
namijenjeno	adverb	hbs	namenjen	adjective	slv
ispunjeno	adverb	hbs	izpolnjen	adjective	slv
ispunjeno	adverb	hbs	izpolnjen	adjective	slv
ispunjeno	adverb	hbs	izpolnjen	adjective	slv
ispunjeno	adverb	hbs	izpolnjen	adjective	slv
ispraćeno	adverb	hbs	pospremljen	adjective	slv
ispraćeno	adverb	hbs	pospremljen	adjective	slv
ispraćeno	adverb	hbs	pospremljen	adjective	slv
ispraćeno	adverb	hbs	pospremljen	adjective	slv
potraženo	adverb	hbs	poiskan	adjective	slv
potraženo	adverb	hbs	poiskan	adjective	slv
potraženo	adverb	hbs	poiskan	adjective	slv
potraženo	adverb	hbs	poiskan	adjective	slv
podneseno	adverb	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
podneseno	adverb	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
podneseno	adverb	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
podneseno	adverb	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
stavljeno	adverb	hbs	postavljen	adjective	slv
stavljeno	adverb	hbs	postavljen	adjective	slv
stavljeno	adverb	hbs	postavljen	adjective	slv
stavljeno	adverb	hbs	postavljen	adjective	slv
predstavljeno	adverb	hbs	predstavljen	adjective	slv
predstavljeno	adverb	hbs	predstavljen	adjective	slv
predstavljeno	adverb	hbs	predstavljen	adjective	slv
predstavljeno	adverb	hbs	predstavljen	adjective	slv
raseljeno	adverb	hbs	razseljen	adjective	slv
raseljeno	adverb	hbs	razseljen	adjective	slv
raseljeno	adverb	hbs	razseljen	adjective	slv
raseljeno	adverb	hbs	razseljen	adjective	slv
samoproglašeno	adverb	hbs	samooklican	adjective	slv
samoproglašeno	adverb	hbs	samooklican	adjective	slv
samoproglašeno	adverb	hbs	samooklican	adjective	slv
samoproglašeno	adverb	hbs	samooklican	adjective	slv
mrtavo	adverb	hbs	mrtev	adjective	slv
mrtavo	adverb	hbs	mrtev	adjective	slv
mrtavo	adverb	hbs	mrtev	adjective	slv
mrtavo	adverb	hbs	mrtev	adjective	slv
mjereno	adverb	hbs	merjen	adjective	slv
mjereno	adverb	hbs	merjen	adjective	slv
mjereno	adverb	hbs	merjen	adjective	slv
mjereno	adverb	hbs	merjen	adjective	slv
prirođeno	adverb	hbs	prirojen	adjective	slv
prirođeno	adverb	hbs	prirojen	adjective	slv
prirođeno	adverb	hbs	prirojen	adjective	slv
prirođeno	adverb	hbs	prirojen	adjective	slv
gnjilo	adverb	hbs	gnil	adjective	slv
gnjilo	adverb	hbs	gnil	adjective	slv
gnjilo	adverb	hbs	gnil	adjective	slv
gnjilo	adverb	hbs	gnil	adjective	slv
traženo	adverb	hbs	iskan	adjective	slv
traženo	adverb	hbs	iskan	adjective	slv
traženo	adverb	hbs	iskan	adjective	slv
traženo	adverb	hbs	iskan	adjective	slv
blagoslovljeno	adverb	hbs	blagoslovljen	adjective	slv
blagoslovljeno	adverb	hbs	blagoslovljen	adjective	slv
blagoslovljeno	adverb	hbs	blagoslovljen	adjective	slv
blagoslovljeno	adverb	hbs	blagoslovljen	adjective	slv
zaposleno	adverb	hbs	zaposlen	adjective	slv
zaposleno	adverb	hbs	zaposlen	adjective	slv
zaposleno	adverb	hbs	zaposlen	adjective	slv
zaposleno	adverb	hbs	zaposlen	adjective	slv
neodređeno	adverb	hbs	nedoločen	adjective	slv
neodređeno	adverb	hbs	nedoločen	adjective	slv
neodređeno	adverb	hbs	nedoločen	adjective	slv
neodređeno	adverb	hbs	nedoločen	adjective	slv
određeno	adverb	hbs	določen	adjective	slv
određeno	adverb	hbs	določen	adjective	slv
određeno	adverb	hbs	določen	adjective	slv
određeno	adverb	hbs	določen	adjective	slv
savremeno	adverb	hbs	sodoben	adjective	slv
savremeno	adverb	hbs	sodoben	adjective	slv
savremeno	adverb	hbs	sodoben	adjective	slv
savremeno	adverb	hbs	sodoben	adjective	slv
suvremeno	adverb	hbs	sodoben	adjective	slv
suvremeno	adverb	hbs	sodoben	adjective	slv
suvremeno	adverb	hbs	sodoben	adjective	slv
suvremeno	adverb	hbs	sodoben	adjective	slv
tajanstveno	adverb	hbs	tajen	adjective	slv
tajanstveno	adverb	hbs	tajen	adjective	slv
tajanstveno	adverb	hbs	tajen	adjective	slv
tajanstveno	adverb	hbs	tajen	adjective	slv
umjereno	adverb	hbs	umirjen	adjective	slv
umjereno	adverb	hbs	umirjen	adjective	slv
umjereno	adverb	hbs	umirjen	adjective	slv
umjereno	adverb	hbs	umirjen	adjective	slv
veličanstveno	adverb	hbs	veličasten	adjective	slv
veličanstveno	adverb	hbs	veličasten	adjective	slv
veličanstveno	adverb	hbs	veličasten	adjective	slv
veličanstveno	adverb	hbs	veličasten	adjective	slv
pregledano	adverb	hbs	pregledan	adjective	slv
prostrano	adverb	hbs	prostran	adjective	slv
prostrano	adverb	hbs	prostran	adjective	slv
prostrano	adverb	hbs	prostran	adjective	slv
prostrano	adverb	hbs	prostran	adjective	slv
dozvoljeno	adverb	hbs	dovoljen	adjective	slv
dozvoljeno	adverb	hbs	dovoljen	adjective	slv
dozvoljeno	adverb	hbs	dovoljen	adjective	slv
dozvoljeno	adverb	hbs	dovoljen	adjective	slv
doneseno	adverb	hbs	sprejet	adjective	slv
doneseno	adverb	hbs	sprejet	adjective	slv
doneseno	adverb	hbs	sprejet	adjective	slv
doneseno	adverb	hbs	sprejet	adjective	slv
zabranjeno	adverb	hbs	prepovedan	adjective	slv
zabranjeno	adverb	hbs	prepovedan	adjective	slv
zabranjeno	adverb	hbs	prepovedan	adjective	slv
zabranjeno	adverb	hbs	prepovedan	adjective	slv
završeno	adverb	hbs	končan	adjective	slv
završeno	adverb	hbs	končan	adjective	slv
završeno	adverb	hbs	končan	adjective	slv
završeno	adverb	hbs	končan	adjective	slv
zaduženo	adverb	hbs	zadolžen	adjective	slv
zaduženo	adverb	hbs	zadolžen	adjective	slv
zaduženo	adverb	hbs	zadolžen	adjective	slv
zaduženo	adverb	hbs	zadolžen	adjective	slv
zatvoreno	adverb	hbs	zaprt	adjective	slv
zatvoreno	adverb	hbs	zaprt	adjective	slv
zatvoreno	adverb	hbs	zaprt	adjective	slv
zatvoreno	adverb	hbs	zaprt	adjective	slv
izvršeno	adverb	hbs	storjen	adjective	slv
izvršeno	adverb	hbs	storjen	adjective	slv
izvršeno	adverb	hbs	storjen	adjective	slv
izvršeno	adverb	hbs	storjen	adjective	slv
iskorišteno	adverb	hbs	izkoriščen	adjective	slv
iskorišteno	adverb	hbs	izkoriščen	adjective	slv
iskorišteno	adverb	hbs	izkoriščen	adjective	slv
iskorišteno	adverb	hbs	izkoriščen	adjective	slv
podmuklo	adverb	hbs	potuhnjeno	adverb	slv
motivirano	adverb	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
motivirano	adverb	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
motivirano	adverb	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
motivirano	adverb	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
motivisano	adverb	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
motivisano	adverb	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
motivisano	adverb	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
motivisano	adverb	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
prenosno	adverb	hbs	prenosen	adjective	slv
prenosno	adverb	hbs	prenosen	adjective	slv
prenosno	adverb	hbs	prenosen	adjective	slv
prenosno	adverb	hbs	prenosen	adjective	slv
naoružano	adverb	hbs	oborožen	adjective	slv
naoružano	adverb	hbs	oborožen	adjective	slv
naoružano	adverb	hbs	oborožen	adjective	slv
naoružano	adverb	hbs	oborožen	adjective	slv
penzionisano	adverb	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
penzionisano	adverb	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
penzionisano	adverb	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
penzionisano	adverb	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
povezano	adverb	hbs	povezan	adjective	slv
povezano	adverb	hbs	povezan	adjective	slv
povezano	adverb	hbs	povezan	adjective	slv
povezano	adverb	hbs	povezan	adjective	slv
potpisano	adverb	hbs	podpisan	adjective	slv
potpisano	adverb	hbs	podpisan	adjective	slv
potpisano	adverb	hbs	podpisan	adjective	slv
potpisano	adverb	hbs	podpisan	adjective	slv
prikazano	adverb	hbs	prikazan	adjective	slv
prikazano	adverb	hbs	prikazan	adjective	slv
prikazano	adverb	hbs	prikazan	adjective	slv
prikazano	adverb	hbs	prikazan	adjective	slv
formirano	adverb	hbs	ustanovljen	adjective	slv
formirano	adverb	hbs	ustanovljen	adjective	slv
formirano	adverb	hbs	ustanovljen	adjective	slv
formirano	adverb	hbs	ustanovljen	adjective	slv
pozvano	adverb	hbs	pozvan	adjective	slv
pozvano	adverb	hbs	pozvan	adjective	slv
pozvano	adverb	hbs	pozvan	adjective	slv
pozvano	adverb	hbs	pozvan	adjective	slv
registrirano	adverb	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
registrirano	adverb	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
registrirano	adverb	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
registrirano	adverb	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
registrovano	adverb	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
registrovano	adverb	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
registrovano	adverb	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
registrovano	adverb	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
nominirano	adverb	hbs	nominiran	adjective	slv
nominirano	adverb	hbs	nominiran	adjective	slv
nominirano	adverb	hbs	nominiran	adjective	slv
nominirano	adverb	hbs	nominiran	adjective	slv
sponzorirano	adverb	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
sponzorirano	adverb	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
sponzorirano	adverb	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
sponzorirano	adverb	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
sponzorisano	adverb	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
sponzorisano	adverb	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
sponzorisano	adverb	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
sponzorisano	adverb	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
duhanski	adverb	hbs	tobačen	adjective	slv
filharmonijski	adverb	hbs	filharmoničen	adjective	slv
filharmonijski	adverb	hbs	filharmoničen	adjective	slv
sindikatski	adverb	hbs	sindikalen	adjective	slv
sindikatski	adverb	hbs	sindikalen	adjective	slv
tenderski	adverb	hbs	razpisen	adjective	slv
tenderski	adverb	hbs	razpisen	adjective	slv
posttraumatski	adverb	hbs	posttravmatski	adjective	slv
posttraumatski	adverb	hbs	posttravmatski	adjective	slv
pedijatrijski	adverb	hbs	pediatričen	adjective	slv
pedijatrijski	adverb	hbs	pediatričen	adjective	slv
oligarhijski	adverb	hbs	oligarhičen	adjective	slv
oligarhijski	adverb	hbs	oligarhičen	adjective	slv
monopolski	adverb	hbs	monopolen	adjective	slv
monopolski	adverb	hbs	monopolen	adjective	slv
metalski	adverb	hbs	kovinski	adjective	slv
metalski	adverb	hbs	kovinski	adjective	slv
metropolski	adverb	hbs	velemesten	adjective	slv
metropolski	adverb	hbs	velemesten	adjective	slv
mašinski	adverb	hbs	strojen	adjective	slv
mašinski	adverb	hbs	strojen	adjective	slv
konferencijski	adverb	hbs	konferenčen	adjective	slv
konferencijski	adverb	hbs	konferenčen	adjective	slv
kavgadžijski	adverb	hbs	pretepaški	adjective	slv
kavgadžijski	adverb	hbs	pretepaški	adjective	slv
uredski	adverb	hbs	pisarniški	adjective	slv
uredski	adverb	hbs	pisarniški	adjective	slv
kinematografski	adverb	hbs	filmski	adjective	slv
kinematografski	adverb	hbs	filmski	adjective	slv
ekspertski	adverb	hbs	strokoven	adjective	slv
ekspertski	adverb	hbs	strokoven	adjective	slv
zapadnoeuropski	adverb	hbs	zahodnoevropski	adjective	slv
zapadnoeuropski	adverb	hbs	zahodnoevropski	adjective	slv
grnčarski	adverb	hbs	lončarski	adjective	slv
grnčarski	adverb	hbs	lončarski	adjective	slv
venecijanski	adverb	hbs	beneški	adjective	slv
venecijanski	adverb	hbs	beneški	adjective	slv
autobuski	adverb	hbs	avtobusen	adjective	slv
autobuski	adverb	hbs	avtobusen	adjective	slv
aerodromski	adverb	hbs	letališki	adjective	slv
aerodromski	adverb	hbs	letališki	adjective	slv
antidemokratski	adverb	hbs	nedemokratičen	adjective	slv
antidemokratski	adverb	hbs	nedemokratičen	adjective	slv
senatski	adverb	hbs	senatski	adjective	slv
senatski	adverb	hbs	senatski	adjective	slv
pečatarski	adverb	hbs	pečaten	adjective	slv
pečatarski	adverb	hbs	pečaten	adjective	slv
panarapski	adverb	hbs	panarabski	adjective	slv
panarapski	adverb	hbs	panarabski	adjective	slv
novinski	adverb	hbs	časopisen	adjective	slv
novinski	adverb	hbs	časopisen	adjective	slv
trojako	adverb	hbs	trivrsten	adjective	slv
trojako	adverb	hbs	trivrsten	adjective	slv
trojako	adverb	hbs	trivrsten	adjective	slv
trojako	adverb	hbs	trivrsten	adjective	slv
okorjelo	adverb	hbs	okorel	adjective	slv
okorjelo	adverb	hbs	okorel	adjective	slv
okorjelo	adverb	hbs	okorel	adjective	slv
medijski	adverb	hbs	medijski	adjective	slv
medijski	adverb	hbs	medijski	adjective	slv
šumski	adverb	hbs	gozden	adjective	slv
šumski	adverb	hbs	gozden	adjective	slv
istraživački	adverb	hbs	raziskovalen	adjective	slv
istraživački	adverb	hbs	raziskovalen	adjective	slv
uzeto	adverb	hbs	vzet	adjective	slv
uzeto	adverb	hbs	vzet	adjective	slv
uzeto	adverb	hbs	vzet	adjective	slv
uzeto	adverb	hbs	vzet	adjective	slv
fondacijski	adverb	hbs	temeljen	adjective	slv
fondacijski	adverb	hbs	temeljen	adjective	slv
nedemokratski	adverb	hbs	nedemokratičen	adjective	slv
nedemokratski	adverb	hbs	nedemokratičen	adjective	slv
kulinarski	adverb	hbs	kulinaričen	adjective	slv
kulinarski	adverb	hbs	kulinaričen	adjective	slv
kompenzatorski	adverb	hbs	nadomesten	adjective	slv
kompenzatorski	adverb	hbs	nadomesten	adjective	slv
unutarpartijski	adverb	hbs	znotrajstrankarski	adjective	slv
videokonferencijski	adverb	hbs	videokonferenčen	adjective	slv
videokonferencijski	adverb	hbs	videokonferenčen	adjective	slv
antitenkovski	adverb	hbs	protitankovski	adjective	slv
antieuropski	adverb	hbs	protievropski	adjective	slv
antieuropski	adverb	hbs	protievropski	adjective	slv
ranohrišćanski	adverb	hbs	zgodnjekrščanski	adjective	slv
ranohrišćanski	adverb	hbs	zgodnjekrščanski	adjective	slv
ranokršćanski	adverb	hbs	zgodnjekrščanski	adjective	slv
ranokršćanski	adverb	hbs	zgodnjekrščanski	adjective	slv
radiografski	adverb	hbs	radiografski	adjective	slv
radiografski	adverb	hbs	radiografski	adjective	slv
prokurdski	adverb	hbs	prokurdski	adjective	slv
prokurdski	adverb	hbs	prokurdski	adjective	slv
proislamski	adverb	hbs	proislamski	adjective	slv
proislamski	adverb	hbs	proislamski	adjective	slv
proamerički	adverb	hbs	proameriški	adjective	slv
proamerički	adverb	hbs	proameriški	adjective	slv
postsocijalistički	adverb	hbs	postsocialističen	adjective	slv
postsocijalistički	adverb	hbs	postsocialističen	adjective	slv
neturski	adverb	hbs	neturški	adjective	slv
neturski	adverb	hbs	neturški	adjective	slv
neruski	adverb	hbs	neruski	adjective	slv
neruski	adverb	hbs	neruski	adjective	slv
nemuslimanski	adverb	hbs	nemuslimanski	adjective	slv
nemuslimanski	adverb	hbs	nemuslimanski	adjective	slv
neislamski	adverb	hbs	neislamski	adjective	slv
neislamski	adverb	hbs	neislamski	adjective	slv
nearapski	adverb	hbs	nearabski	adjective	slv
nearapski	adverb	hbs	nearabski	adjective	slv
nealbanski	adverb	hbs	nealbanski	adjective	slv
nealbanski	adverb	hbs	nealbanski	adjective	slv
kongoanski	adverb	hbs	kongovski	adjective	slv
komitski	adverb	hbs	komitski	adjective	slv
komitski	adverb	hbs	komitski	adjective	slv
imotski	adverb	hbs	imotski	adjective	slv
imotski	adverb	hbs	imotski	adjective	slv
izmirski	adverb	hbs	izmirski	adjective	slv
izmirski	adverb	hbs	izmirski	adjective	slv
zapadnobalkanski	adverb	hbs	zahodnobalkanski	adjective	slv
zapadnobalkanski	adverb	hbs	zahodnobalkanski	adjective	slv
vakufski	adverb	hbs	vakufski	adjective	slv
vakufski	adverb	hbs	vakufski	adjective	slv
protuturski	adverb	hbs	protiturški	adjective	slv
protuturski	adverb	hbs	protiturški	adjective	slv
antiizraelski	adverb	hbs	protiizraelski	adjective	slv
antiizraelski	adverb	hbs	protiizraelski	adjective	slv
aleksandrovski	adverb	hbs	aleksandrovski	adjective	slv
aleksandrovski	adverb	hbs	aleksandrovski	adjective	slv
alandski	adverb	hbs	alandski	adjective	slv
alandski	adverb	hbs	alandski	adjective	slv
abramski	adverb	hbs	abramski	adjective	slv
abramski	adverb	hbs	abramski	adjective	slv
transbalkanski	adverb	hbs	transbalkanski	adjective	slv
transbalkanski	adverb	hbs	transbalkanski	adjective	slv
pakistanski	adverb	hbs	pakistanski	adjective	slv
euroatlanski	adverb	hbs	evroatlantski	adjective	slv
euroatlanski	adverb	hbs	evroatlantski	adjective	slv
euroatlantski	adverb	hbs	evroatlantski	adjective	slv
euroatlantski	adverb	hbs	evroatlantski	adjective	slv
pres	adverb	hbs	novinarski	adjective	slv
crvenokoso	adverb	hbs	rdečelas	adjective	slv
trostruko	adverb	hbs	trikraten	adjective	slv
dvostruko	adverb	hbs	dvakraten	adjective	slv
dvostruko	adverb	hbs	dvakraten	adjective	slv
suo	adverb	hbs	suh	adjective	slv
mrsko	adverb	hbs	sovražen	adjective	slv
predvođeno	adverb	hbs	voden	adjective	slv
drugo	adverb	hbs	različen	adjective	slv
vaskršnje	adverb	hbs	velikonočen	adjective	slv
međuusveučilišno	adverb	hbs	meduniverziteten	adjective	slv
dano	adverb	hbs	dan	adjective	slv
okorjelo	adverb	hbs	okorel	adjective	slv
nominovno	adverb	hbs	nominiran	adjective	slv
nominovno	adverb	hbs	nominiran	adjective	slv
nominovno	adverb	hbs	nominiran	adjective	slv
nominovno	adverb	hbs	nominiran	adjective	slv
izdano	adverb	hbs	izdan	adjective	slv
izdano	adverb	hbs	izdan	adjective	slv
izdano	adverb	hbs	izdan	adjective	slv
izdano	adverb	hbs	izdan	adjective	slv
reizabrano	adverb	hbs	ponovno izvoljen	adjective	slv
reizabrano	adverb	hbs	ponovno izvoljen	adjective	slv
reizabrano	adverb	hbs	ponovno izvoljen	adjective	slv
reizabrano	adverb	hbs	ponovno izvoljen	adjective	slv
vizno	adverb	hbs	vizumski	adjective	slv
iščezlo	adverb	hbs	izginul	adjective	slv
iščezlo	adverb	hbs	izginul	adjective	slv
iščezlo	adverb	hbs	izginul	adjective	slv
iščezlo	adverb	hbs	izginul	adjective	slv
smijući	adverb	hbs	nasmejan	adjective	slv
srednjeveliko	adverb	hbs	srednje velik	adjective	slv
smješteno	adverb	hbs	umeščen	adjective	slv
glačano	adverb	hbs	glajen	adjective	slv
glačano	adverb	hbs	glajen	adjective	slv
glačano	adverb	hbs	glajen	adjective	slv
glačano	adverb	hbs	glajen	adjective	slv
glasovito	adverb	hbs	viden	adjective	slv
ukrašeno	adverb	hbs	okrašen	adjective	slv
ukrašeno	adverb	hbs	okrašen	adjective	slv
ukrašeno	adverb	hbs	okrašen	adjective	slv
ukrašeno	adverb	hbs	okrašen	adjective	slv
bakreno	adverb	hbs	bakren	adjective	slv
bakreno	adverb	hbs	bakren	adjective	slv
bakreno	adverb	hbs	bakren	adjective	slv
bakreno	adverb	hbs	bakren	adjective	slv
brončano	adverb	hbs	bronast	adjective	slv
brončano	adverb	hbs	bronast	adjective	slv
brončano	adverb	hbs	bronast	adjective	slv
brončano	adverb	hbs	bronast	adjective	slv
glineno	adverb	hbs	glinen	adjective	slv
glineno	adverb	hbs	glinen	adjective	slv
glineno	adverb	hbs	glinen	adjective	slv
glineno	adverb	hbs	glinen	adjective	slv
starčevački	adverb	hbs	starčevaški	adjective	slv
kulturološki	adverb	hbs	kulturološki	adjective	slv
cetinski	adverb	hbs	cetinsko	adverb	slv
cetinski	adverb	hbs	cetinski	adjective	slv
danilski	adverb	hbs	danilsko	adverb	slv
danilski	adverb	hbs	danilski	adjective	slv
hvarski	adverb	hbs	hvarski	adjective	slv
krapinski	adverb	hbs	krapinski	adjective	slv
liburnski	adverb	hbs	liburnski	adjective	slv
lončarski	adverb	hbs	lončarski	adjective	slv
neandertalski	adverb	hbs	neandertalski	adjective	slv
panonski	adverb	hbs	panonski	adjective	slv
sjevernoatlanski	adverb	hbs	severnoatlanski	adjective	slv
sopotski	adverb	hbs	sopotski	adjective	slv
srednjoeuropski	adverb	hbs	srednjeevropski	adjective	slv
trgovinski	adverb	hbs	trgovinski	adjective	slv
vučedolski	adverb	hbs	vučedolski	adjective	slv
vinkovački	adverb	hbs	vinkovački	adjective	slv
brodograditeljski	adverb	hbs	ladjedelski	adjective	slv
oblikovano	adverb	hbs	oblikovan	adjective	slv
srednje veliko	adverb	hbs	srednje velik	adjective	slv
vjekovno	adverb	hbs	stoleten	adjective	slv
sekularno	adverb	hbs	stoleten	adjective	slv
granično	adverb	hbs	obmejen	adjective	slv
drevno	adverb	hbs	starodaven	adjective	slv
specifično	adverb	hbs	specifičen	adjective	slv
humanitarno	adverb	hbs	humanitaren	adjective	slv
zvano	adverb	hbs	imenovan	adjective	slv
zaraženo	adverb	hbs	okužen	adjective	slv
usvojeno	adverb	hbs	sprejet	adjective	slv
okružno	adverb	hbs	okrožen	adjective	slv
varšavski	adverb	hbs	varšavski	adjective	slv
bizantinski	adverb	hbs	bizantinski	adjective	slv
bizantijski	adverb	hbs	bizantinski	adjective	slv
australski	adverb	hbs	avstralski	adjective	slv
australski	adverb	hbs	avstralsko	adverb	slv
bizantinski	adverb	hbs	bizantinsko	adverb	slv
biti	verb	hbs	biti	verb	slv
biti htjeti	verb	hbs	biti	verb	slv
biti	verb	hbs	biti	verb	slv
biti	verb	hbs	biti	verb	slv
biti	verb	hbs	biti	verb	slv
biti	verb	hbs	biti	verb	slv
biti	verb	hbs	biti	verb	slv
ne biti	verb	hbs	biti	verb	slv
biti	verb	hbs	biti	verb	slv
biti	verb	hbs	biti	verb	slv
biti	verb	hbs	biti	verb	slv
imati	verb	hbs	imeti	verb	slv
imati	verb	hbs	imeti	verb	slv
nemati	verb	hbs	imeti	verb	slv
htjeti	modal	hbs	biti	verb	slv
htjeti	modal	hbs	hoteti	verb	slv
htjeti	modal	hbs	hoteti	verb	slv
htjeti	modal	hbs	hoteti	verb	slv
htjeti	modal	hbs	hoteti	verb	slv
htjeti	modal	hbs	hoteti	verb	slv
ne htjeti	modal	hbs	hoteti	verb	slv
moći	modal	hbs	moči	verb	slv
moći	modal	hbs	moči	verb	slv
morati	modal	hbs	morati	verb	slv
otići	verb	hbs	iti	verb	slv
popiti	verb	hbs	popiti	verb	slv
odlaziti	verb	hbs	oditi	verb	slv
prići	verb	hbs	stopiti	verb	slv
pokušavati	verb	hbs	poskušati	verb	slv
šetati	verb	hbs	hoditi	verb	slv
željeti	verb	hbs	želeti	verb	slv
odgovarati	verb	hbs	odgovoriti	verb	slv
odgovarati	verb	hbs	ustrezati	verb	slv
misliti	verb	hbs	misliti	verb	slv
smijati	verb	hbs	smejati	verb	slv
čofotati	verb	hbs	prskati	verb	slv
roknuti	verb	hbs	čofniti	verb	slv
čuvati	verb	hbs	čuvati	verb	slv
birati	verb	hbs	voliti	verb	slv
izabrati	verb	hbs	voliti	verb	slv
žveplati	verb	hbs	žveplati	verb	slv
šumiti	verb	hbs	šumeti	verb	slv
razmisliti	verb	hbs	razmisliti	verb	slv
spavati	verb	hbs	spati	verb	slv
posavjetovati	verb	hbs	posvetovati	verb	slv
savjetovati	verb	hbs	posvetovati	verb	slv
pobrinuti	verb	hbs	poskrbeti	verb	slv
obaviti	verb	hbs	opraviti	verb	slv
potrčavati	verb	hbs	teči	verb	slv
skrivati	verb	hbs	skrivati	verb	slv
sjediti	verb	hbs	sedeti	verb	slv
obožavati	verb	hbs	oboževati	verb	slv
dobiti	verb	hbs	dobiti	verb	slv
dolaziti	verb	hbs	prihajati	verb	slv
slijetati	verb	hbs	pristajati	verb	slv
narediti	verb	hbs	narediti	verb	slv
uskladiti	verb	hbs	uskladiti	verb	slv
svrstavati	verb	hbs	uvrščati	verb	slv
naelektrizirati	verb	hbs	naelektriti	verb	slv
izvirati	verb	hbs	izvirati	verb	slv
krenuti	verb	hbs	startati	verb	slv
umetnuti	verb	hbs	vstaviti	verb	slv
ukinuti	verb	hbs	startati	verb	slv
pokupiti	verb	hbs	pobrati	verb	slv
opomenuti	verb	hbs	opomniti	verb	slv
uzburkati	verb	hbs	razburkati	verb	slv
prestajati	verb	hbs	prestajati	verb	slv
obraćati	verb	hbs	ogovarjati	verb	slv
prijetiti	verb	hbs	groziti	verb	slv
izvjestiti	verb	hbs	sporočiti	verb	slv
ubilježiti	verb	hbs	vpisati	verb	slv
uravnotežiti	verb	hbs	uravnotežiti	verb	slv
zabilježiti	verb	hbs	zapisati	verb	slv
saopćiti	verb	hbs	obvestiti	verb	slv
kvariti	verb	hbs	kvariti	verb	slv
sakriti	verb	hbs	skriti	verb	slv
poslužiti	verb	hbs	ponuditi	verb	slv
požuriti	verb	hbs	pohiteti	verb	slv
optužiti	verb	hbs	obtožiti	verb	slv
priložiti	verb	hbs	priložiti	verb	slv
okrznuti	verb	hbs	dotakniti	verb	slv
učiniti	verb	hbs	narediti	verb	slv
zaustaviti	verb	hbs	zaustaviti	verb	slv
zaustaviti	verb	hbs	ustaviti	verb	slv
prilaziti	verb	hbs	prihajati	verb	slv
ukrcati	verb	hbs	vkrcati	verb	slv
iskrcati	verb	hbs	izkrcati	verb	slv
ići	verb	hbs	iti	verb	slv
otključati	verb	hbs	odkleniti	verb	slv
pristići	verb	hbs	prispeti	verb	slv
isteći	verb	hbs	poteči	verb	slv
dići	verb	hbs	dvigniti	verb	slv
preuređivati	verb	hbs	preurejati	verb	slv
razotkrivati	verb	hbs	razkrivati	verb	slv
poslovati	verb	hbs	poslovati	verb	slv
isposlovati	verb	hbs	izposlovati	verb	slv
povređivati	verb	hbs	poškodovati	verb	slv
kimnuti	verb	hbs	pokimati	verb	slv
sjesti	verb	hbs	sesti	verb	slv
odsjesti	verb	hbs	nastaniti	verb	slv
naznačavati	verb	hbs	določati	verb	slv
dovršavati	verb	hbs	dokončati	verb	slv
ozvučavati	verb	hbs	ozvočiti	verb	slv
prepričavati	verb	hbs	prepričati	verb	slv
uključivati	verb	hbs	vključevati	verb	slv
poručivati	verb	hbs	sporočati	verb	slv
ubeđivati	verb	hbs	prepričevati	verb	slv
vršiti	verb	hbs	vršiti	verb	slv
odgovoriti	verb	hbs	odgovoriti	verb	slv
odgovoriti	verb	hbs	odzvati	verb	slv
nasmiješiti	verb	hbs	nasmehniti	verb	slv
saopštiti	verb	hbs	razkriti	verb	slv
sletjeti	verb	hbs	zleteti	verb	slv
odnijeti	verb	hbs	odnesti	verb	slv
iznijeti	verb	hbs	iznesti	verb	slv
doprinositi	verb	hbs	prispevati	verb	slv
doprinositi	verb	hbs	prispevati	verb	slv
sjetiti	verb	hbs	spomniti	verb	slv
odnositi	verb	hbs	odnašati	verb	slv
odnositi	verb	hbs	nanašati	verb	slv
suprotstaviti	verb	hbs	nasprotovati	verb	slv
smijeniti	verb	hbs	zamenjati	verb	slv
primijeniti	verb	hbs	uveljaviti	verb	slv
biti	verb	hbs	biti	verb	slv
izvaditi	verb	hbs	izvleči	verb	slv
buditi	verb	hbs	buditi	verb	slv
probuditi	verb	hbs	prebuditi	verb	slv
sprovoditi	verb	hbs	spremljati	verb	slv
započeti	verb	hbs	začeti	verb	slv
obuzeti	verb	hbs	zavzeti	verb	slv
ispisati	verb	hbs	izpisati	verb	slv
saznati	verb	hbs	spoznati	verb	slv
doznati	verb	hbs	zvedeti	verb	slv
strujati	verb	hbs	krožiti	verb	slv
izići	verb	hbs	iziti	verb	slv
pogoršavati	verb	hbs	poslabšati	verb	slv
povećavati	verb	hbs	povečavati	verb	slv
hodati	verb	hbs	hoditi	verb	slv
ugledati	verb	hbs	ugledati	verb	slv
posvajati	verb	hbs	posvojiti	verb	slv
izvoditi	verb	hbs	izvajati	verb	slv
odrijemati	verb	hbs	dremati	verb	slv
spuštati	verb	hbs	spuščati	verb	slv
zauzimati	verb	hbs	zavzeti	verb	slv
ustajati	verb	hbs	vstati	verb	slv
dahtati	verb	hbs	sopihati	verb	slv
derati	verb	hbs	dreti	verb	slv
dizati	verb	hbs	vzdigovati	verb	slv
kipjeti	verb	hbs	kipeti	verb	slv
sastaviti	verb	hbs	sestaviti	verb	slv
samoupravljati	verb	hbs	samoupravljati	verb	slv
odstajati	verb	hbs	prestati	verb	slv
postati	verb	hbs	postati	verb	slv
bolovati	verb	hbs	bolovati	verb	slv
strahovati	verb	hbs	strahovati	verb	slv
nadirati	verb	hbs	nadirati	verb	slv
datirati	verb	hbs	datirati	verb	slv
datirati	verb	hbs	datirati	verb	slv
datirati	verb	hbs	datirati	verb	slv
pojesti	verb	hbs	pojesti	verb	slv
presuditi	verb	hbs	presoditi	verb	slv
prostirati	verb	hbs	razprostirati	verb	slv
bojati	verb	hbs	barvati	verb	slv
bojati	verb	hbs	bati	verb	slv
polagati	verb	hbs	polagati	verb	slv
graditi	verb	hbs	graditi	verb	slv
zvati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
nastavljati	verb	hbs	nadaljevati	verb	slv
lijevati	verb	hbs	vlivati	verb	slv
pripadati	verb	hbs	pripadati	verb	slv
pripadati	verb	hbs	spadati	verb	slv
prozvati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
bivati	verb	hbs	bivati	verb	slv
pasti	verb	hbs	pasti	verb	slv
odvijati	verb	hbs	odvijati	verb	slv
otpuštati	verb	hbs	oprostiti	verb	slv
podsjećati	verb	hbs	spominjati	verb	slv
smatrati	verb	hbs	smatrati	verb	slv
pozdravljati	verb	hbs	pozdraviti	verb	slv
pozdravljati	verb	hbs	pozdravljati	verb	slv
predstavljati	verb	hbs	predstavljati	verb	slv
pregovarati	verb	hbs	pogajati	verb	slv
preračunati	verb	hbs	preračunati	verb	slv
razarati	verb	hbs	uničiti	verb	slv
skupljati	verb	hbs	zbirati	verb	slv
spajati	verb	hbs	spojiti	verb	slv
stavljati	verb	hbs	postaviti	verb	slv
uspijevati	verb	hbs	uspevati	verb	slv
ušutkati	verb	hbs	utihniti	verb	slv
zasjedati	verb	hbs	zasedati	verb	slv
zasmetati	verb	hbs	ovirati	verb	slv
pridržati	verb	hbs	pridržati	verb	slv
suzdržati	verb	hbs	vzdržati	verb	slv
izgledati	verb	hbs	izgledati	verb	slv
javljati	verb	hbs	javljati	verb	slv
napajati	verb	hbs	napajati	verb	slv
nastajati	verb	hbs	nastajati	verb	slv
pristajati	verb	hbs	pristajati	verb	slv
trajati	verb	hbs	trajati	verb	slv
opominjati	verb	hbs	opominjati	verb	slv
zagledati	verb	hbs	zagledati	verb	slv
pregledati	verb	hbs	pregledati	verb	slv
birati	verb	hbs	izbirati	verb	slv
nastupati	verb	hbs	nastopati	verb	slv
obnavljati	verb	hbs	obnavljati	verb	slv
obuzimati	verb	hbs	objeti	verb	slv
tjerati	verb	hbs	priganjati	verb	slv
obećati	verb	hbs	obljubiti	verb	slv
blagoslivljati	verb	hbs	blagosloviti	verb	slv
čuvati	verb	hbs	paziti	verb	slv
izmjenjivati	verb	hbs	menjati	verb	slv
odbacivati	verb	hbs	metati	verb	slv
smjenjivati	verb	hbs	menjavati	verb	slv
pozivati	verb	hbs	pozivati	verb	slv
podržavati	verb	hbs	podpirati	verb	slv
vući	verb	hbs	vleči	verb	slv
povući	verb	hbs	povleči	verb	slv
ležati	verb	hbs	ležati	verb	slv
češati	verb	hbs	česati	verb	slv
padati	verb	hbs	padati	verb	slv
stiskati	verb	hbs	stiskati	verb	slv
gostiti	verb	hbs	gostiti	verb	slv
brisati	verb	hbs	brisati	verb	slv
zadati	verb	hbs	zadati	verb	slv
podati	verb	hbs	podati	verb	slv
izdati	verb	hbs	izdati	verb	slv
odati	verb	hbs	izdati	verb	slv
dati	verb	hbs	dati	verb	slv
misliti	verb	hbs	meniti	verb	slv
pozvati	verb	hbs	pozvati	verb	slv
pozvati	verb	hbs	poklicati	verb	slv
priznati	verb	hbs	priznati	verb	slv
sijati	verb	hbs	sijati	verb	slv
zasijati	verb	hbs	sijati	verb	slv
osvajati	verb	hbs	osvajati	verb	slv
pitati	verb	hbs	pitati	verb	slv
pitati	verb	hbs	prositi	verb	slv
povećati	verb	hbs	povečati	verb	slv
sabrati	verb	hbs	zbirati	verb	slv
odvajati	verb	hbs	odvajati	verb	slv
ponavljati	verb	hbs	ponavljati	verb	slv
pogađati	verb	hbs	zadevati	verb	slv
postavljati	verb	hbs	postavljati	verb	slv
suprotstavljati	verb	hbs	nasprotovati	verb	slv
razmišljati	verb	hbs	razmišljati	verb	slv
odbijati	verb	hbs	odbijati	verb	slv
početi	verb	hbs	začeti	verb	slv
izgraditi	verb	hbs	graditi	verb	slv
odrediti	verb	hbs	odrediti	verb	slv
odrediti	verb	hbs	določiti	verb	slv
odrediti	verb	hbs	ugotoviti	verb	slv
tvrditi	verb	hbs	trditi	verb	slv
nuditi	verb	hbs	nuditi	verb	slv
ponuditi	verb	hbs	ponujati	verb	slv
izbiti	verb	hbs	izbiti	verb	slv
miti	verb	hbs	umivati	verb	slv
otpustiti	verb	hbs	odpustiti	verb	slv
dopustiti	verb	hbs	dopustiti	verb	slv
donositi	verb	hbs	prinašati	verb	slv
donositi	verb	hbs	sprejemati	verb	slv
resiti	verb	hbs	rešiti	verb	slv
začepiti	verb	hbs	zamašiti	verb	slv
proslaviti	verb	hbs	proslaviti	verb	slv
žaliti	verb	hbs	žaliti	verb	slv
žaliti	verb	hbs	obžalovati	verb	slv
odstraniti	verb	hbs	odstraniti	verb	slv
posvetiti	verb	hbs	nameniti	verb	slv
baciti	verb	hbs	metati	verb	slv
zbaciti	verb	hbs	odstraniti	verb	slv
primiti	verb	hbs	prejeti	verb	slv
suočiti	verb	hbs	soočiti	verb	slv
plašiti	verb	hbs	ustrašiti	verb	slv
prekršiti	verb	hbs	prekršiti	verb	slv
pridružiti	verb	hbs	pridružiti	verb	slv
predložiti	verb	hbs	predložiti	verb	slv
omogućiti	verb	hbs	omogočiti	verb	slv
omogućivati	verb	hbs	omogočati	verb	slv
odobriti	verb	hbs	odobriti	verb	slv
priključiti	verb	hbs	priključiti	verb	slv
osvojiti	verb	hbs	osvojiti	verb	slv
živjeti	verb	hbs	živeti	verb	slv
letjeti	verb	hbs	leteti	verb	slv
poletjeti	verb	hbs	poleteti	verb	slv
smrdjeti	verb	hbs	smrdeti	verb	slv
nadati	verb	hbs	upati	verb	slv
smjeti	verb	hbs	upati	verb	slv
poginuti	verb	hbs	umreti	verb	slv
obrnuti	verb	hbs	menjati	verb	slv
navesti	verb	hbs	navesti	verb	slv
uvesti	verb	hbs	uvajati	verb	slv
proizvesti	verb	hbs	proizvesti	verb	slv
spasti	verb	hbs	propasti	verb	slv
zapasti	verb	hbs	padati	verb	slv
pripasti	verb	hbs	pripasti	verb	slv
propasti	verb	hbs	propasti	verb	slv
ugrožavati	verb	hbs	ogrožati	verb	slv
odobravati	verb	hbs	odobravati	verb	slv
priznavati	verb	hbs	priznavati	verb	slv
razaznavati	verb	hbs	spoznati	verb	slv
spašavati	verb	hbs	rešiti	verb	slv
narušavati	verb	hbs	rušiti	verb	slv
naseljavati	verb	hbs	naseljevati	verb	slv
osporavati	verb	hbs	zanikati	verb	slv
ponižavati	verb	hbs	poniževati	verb	slv
uzdržavati	verb	hbs	vzdrževati	verb	slv
saslušavati	verb	hbs	zasliševati	verb	slv
uljepšavati	verb	hbs	olepševati	verb	slv
preuveličavati	verb	hbs	poveličevati	verb	slv
odavati	verb	hbs	dajati	verb	slv
prepoznavati	verb	hbs	prepoznavati	verb	slv
razuvjeravati	verb	hbs	prepričevati	verb	slv
osuđivati	verb	hbs	obsoditi	verb	slv
pokrivati	verb	hbs	pokriti	verb	slv
izazivati	verb	hbs	izzivati	verb	slv
vezivati	verb	hbs	zavezovati	verb	slv
vezivati	verb	hbs	zavezati	verb	slv
počivati	verb	hbs	počivati	verb	slv
iznuđivati	verb	hbs	izsiliti	verb	slv
iščekivati	verb	hbs	čakati	verb	slv
oplakivati	verb	hbs	objokovati	verb	slv
zaduživati	verb	hbs	zadolžiti	verb	slv
istiskivati	verb	hbs	iztiskati	verb	slv
podrivati	verb	hbs	spodkopati	verb	slv
prinuđivati	verb	hbs	prisiliti	verb	slv
pripisivati	verb	hbs	pripisati	verb	slv
otkupljivati	verb	hbs	odkupovati	verb	slv
štovati	verb	hbs	spoštovati	verb	slv
otputovati	verb	hbs	odpotovati	verb	slv
ratovati	verb	hbs	bojevati	verb	slv
mirovati	verb	hbs	mirovati	verb	slv
nazadovati	verb	hbs	nazadovati	verb	slv
izreći	verb	hbs	izrekati	verb	slv
teći	verb	hbs	tekati	verb	slv
uleći	verb	hbs	ležati	verb	slv
doći	verb	hbs	priti	verb	slv
zapisati	verb	hbs	zapisati	verb	slv
napisati	verb	hbs	napisati	verb	slv
popisati	verb	hbs	popisati	verb	slv
dokazati	verb	hbs	dokazati	verb	slv
ukazati	verb	hbs	ukazati	verb	slv
skakati	verb	hbs	skakati	verb	slv
izricati	verb	hbs	izrekati	verb	slv
kritizirati	verb	hbs	kritizirati	verb	slv
funkcionirati	verb	hbs	delovati	verb	slv
umirati	verb	hbs	umirati	verb	slv
zavoljeti	verb	hbs	vzljubiti	verb	slv
zarasti	verb	hbs	zarasti	verb	slv
objaviti	verb	hbs	objaviti	verb	slv
pozdraviti	verb	hbs	pozdraviti	verb	slv
napraviti	verb	hbs	napraviti	verb	slv
napraviti	verb	hbs	narediti	verb	slv
razviti	verb	hbs	razviti	verb	slv
zgotoviti	verb	hbs	dokončati	verb	slv
boraviti	verb	hbs	živeti	verb	slv
spraviti	verb	hbs	spraviti	verb	slv
pripraviti	verb	hbs	pripraviti	verb	slv
izostaviti	verb	hbs	opustiti	verb	slv
staviti	verb	hbs	staviti	verb	slv
staviti	verb	hbs	staviti	verb	slv
praviti	verb	hbs	izdelovati	verb	slv
stupiti	verb	hbs	stopiti	verb	slv
nakupiti	verb	hbs	nakupiti	verb	slv
obilaziti	verb	hbs	obiskati	verb	slv
prazniti	verb	hbs	prazniti	verb	slv
raniti	verb	hbs	raniti	verb	slv
lomiti	verb	hbs	lomiti	verb	slv
zahvaliti	verb	hbs	zahvaliti	verb	slv
pohvaliti	verb	hbs	pohvaliti	verb	slv
kršiti	verb	hbs	kršiti	verb	slv
završiti	verb	hbs	dokončati	verb	slv
završiti	verb	hbs	končati	verb	slv
lišiti	verb	hbs	prikrajšati	verb	slv
rušiti	verb	hbs	zrušiti	verb	slv
oblačiti	verb	hbs	oblačiti	verb	slv
privlačiti	verb	hbs	privlačiti	verb	slv
prekriti	verb	hbs	prekriti	verb	slv
smiriti	verb	hbs	umiriti	verb	slv
dovršiti	verb	hbs	dokončati	verb	slv
oboriti	verb	hbs	zrušiti	verb	slv
označiti	verb	hbs	označiti	verb	slv
zaslužiti	verb	hbs	zaslužiti	verb	slv
izdužiti	verb	hbs	podaljšati	verb	slv
omalovažiti	verb	hbs	omalovaževati	verb	slv
založiti	verb	hbs	založiti	verb	slv
položiti	verb	hbs	položiti	verb	slv
izložiti	verb	hbs	razstaviti	verb	slv
dogovoriti	verb	hbs	dogovoriti	verb	slv
dogovoriti	verb	hbs	strinjati	verb	slv
odložiti	verb	hbs	odložiti	verb	slv
tvoriti	verb	hbs	tvoriti	verb	slv
moriti	verb	hbs	moriti	verb	slv
trti	verb	hbs	treti	verb	slv
pokrenuti	verb	hbs	premakniti	verb	slv
pokrenuti	verb	hbs	sprožiti	verb	slv
umaknuti	verb	hbs	umakniti	verb	slv
minuti	verb	hbs	miniti	verb	slv
jurnuti	verb	hbs	pohiteti	verb	slv
prevrnuti	verb	hbs	prevrniti	verb	slv
zalagati	verb	hbs	zalagati	verb	slv
nalagati	verb	hbs	nalagati	verb	slv
nametati	verb	hbs	nametati	verb	slv
pokušati	verb	hbs	pokušati	verb	slv
iskušati	verb	hbs	preizkušati	verb	slv
izazvati	verb	hbs	izzvati	verb	slv
izazvati	verb	hbs	povzročati	verb	slv
prouzročiti	verb	hbs	povzročiti	verb	slv
sazvati	verb	hbs	sklicati	verb	slv
odstupati	verb	hbs	odstopati	verb	slv
opremati	verb	hbs	opremiti	verb	slv
oslobađati	verb	hbs	osvoboditi	verb	slv
otklanjati	verb	hbs	odkloniti	verb	slv
otpravljati	verb	hbs	odpraviti	verb	slv
pljačkati	verb	hbs	krasti	verb	slv
popričati	verb	hbs	pogovoriti	verb	slv
porazgovarati	verb	hbs	pogovarjati	verb	slv
posmatrati	verb	hbs	opazovati	verb	slv
postupati	verb	hbs	postopati	verb	slv
postupati	verb	hbs	obravnavati	verb	slv
prehodati	verb	hbs	prehoditi	verb	slv
premještati	verb	hbs	premestiti	verb	slv
pričekati	verb	hbs	pričakati	verb	slv
pričinjati	verb	hbs	pomisliti	verb	slv
prihvaćati	verb	hbs	sprejeti	verb	slv
pripovijedati	verb	hbs	pripovedovati	verb	slv
prohodati	verb	hbs	prehoditi	verb	slv
prolijevati	verb	hbs	polivati	verb	slv
promatrati	verb	hbs	opazovati	verb	slv
raskidati	verb	hbs	razdreti	verb	slv
raspravljati	verb	hbs	razpravljati	verb	slv
razmještati	verb	hbs	premestiti	verb	slv
sačuvati	verb	hbs	ohraniti	verb	slv
sanjati	verb	hbs	sanjati	verb	slv
sastavljati	verb	hbs	sestavljati	verb	slv
zaključiti	verb	hbs	skleniti	verb	slv
sklapati	verb	hbs	skleniti	verb	slv
smještati	verb	hbs	namestiti	verb	slv
stupati	verb	hbs	stopati	verb	slv
udvajati	verb	hbs	podvojiti	verb	slv
uklapati	verb	hbs	prilagoditi	verb	slv
umiješati	verb	hbs	vmešati	verb	slv
unašati	verb	hbs	vnašati	verb	slv
upitati	verb	hbs	vprašati	verb	slv
uračunati	verb	hbs	vračunati	verb	slv
uspostavljati	verb	hbs	vzpostavljati	verb	slv
uzvraćati	verb	hbs	povrniti	verb	slv
vrijeđati	verb	hbs	žaliti	verb	slv
zapitati	verb	hbs	vprašati	verb	slv
podržati	verb	hbs	podpreti	verb	slv
sadržati	verb	hbs	vsebovati	verb	slv
izuzimati	verb	hbs	izvzeti	verb	slv
izgledati	verb	hbs	zdeti	verb	slv
nabrajati	verb	hbs	naštevati	verb	slv
nadgledati	verb	hbs	kontrolirati	verb	slv
nadgledati	verb	hbs	kontrolirati	verb	slv
ispričati	verb	hbs	opravičiti	verb	slv
ispričati	verb	hbs	dopovedati	verb	slv
ispravljati	verb	hbs	popravljati	verb	slv
ponestajati	verb	hbs	zmanjkovati	verb	slv
dotrajati	verb	hbs	dotrajati	verb	slv
potrajati	verb	hbs	trajati	verb	slv
podupirati	verb	hbs	podpirati	verb	slv
sagledati	verb	hbs	spoznati	verb	slv
manevrirati	verb	hbs	manevrirati	verb	slv
naviještati	verb	hbs	napovedati	verb	slv
obarati	verb	hbs	zrušiti	verb	slv
obuhvaćati	verb	hbs	zajemati	verb	slv
upravljati	verb	hbs	upravljati	verb	slv
upravljati	verb	hbs	opravljati	verb	slv
upravljati	verb	hbs	ravnati	verb	slv
putovati	verb	hbs	potovati	verb	slv
ovlašćivati	verb	hbs	pooblastiti	verb	slv
zavezivati	verb	hbs	zavezati	verb	slv
iskupljivati	verb	hbs	odkupiti	verb	slv
zavezivati	verb	hbs	zavezati	verb	slv
pokazivati	verb	hbs	pokazati	verb	slv
otkrivati	verb	hbs	odkrivati	verb	slv
baratati	verb	hbs	barantati	verb	slv
dočekati	verb	hbs	dočakati	verb	slv
očekivati	verb	hbs	pričakovati	verb	slv
objavljivati	verb	hbs	objavljati	verb	slv
potvrđivati	verb	hbs	potrjevati	verb	slv
pretraživati	verb	hbs	preiskovati	verb	slv
pohvaljivati	verb	hbs	pohvaliti	verb	slv
izrađivati	verb	hbs	izdelovati	verb	slv
zamjenjivati	verb	hbs	zamenjavati	verb	slv
zapljenjivati	verb	hbs	zapleniti	verb	slv
pokazivati	verb	hbs	pokazati	verb	slv
proučavati	verb	hbs	proučevati	verb	slv
suočavati	verb	hbs	soočati	verb	slv
dodavati	verb	hbs	dodajati	verb	slv
rješavati	verb	hbs	reševati	verb	slv
proglašavati	verb	hbs	proglasiti	verb	slv
sadržavati	verb	hbs	vsebovati	verb	slv
privući	verb	hbs	pritegniti	verb	slv
proizaći	verb	hbs	izhajati	verb	slv
ležati	verb	hbs	ležati	verb	slv
odgajati	verb	hbs	vzgajati	verb	slv
nazvati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
sazdati	verb	hbs	sezidati	verb	slv
predati	verb	hbs	predati	verb	slv
prodati	verb	hbs	prodati	verb	slv
nestati	verb	hbs	izginiti	verb	slv
sudarati	verb	hbs	trčiti	verb	slv
rezati	verb	hbs	rezati	verb	slv
proračunati	verb	hbs	preračunati	verb	slv
vladati	verb	hbs	vladati	verb	slv
nastojati	verb	hbs	truditi	verb	slv
nastojati	verb	hbs	prizadevati	verb	slv
postojati	verb	hbs	obstajati	verb	slv
posijati	verb	hbs	posejati	verb	slv
kretati	verb	hbs	iti	verb	slv
pokretati	verb	hbs	premikati	verb	slv
ispitati	verb	hbs	spraševati	verb	slv
olakšati	verb	hbs	olajšati	verb	slv
otvarati	verb	hbs	odpirati	verb	slv
pripremati	verb	hbs	pripravljati	verb	slv
mijenjati	verb	hbs	menjati	verb	slv
mijenjati	verb	hbs	spreminjati	verb	slv
stvarati	verb	hbs	ustvarjati	verb	slv
održati	verb	hbs	vzdrževati	verb	slv
napuštati	verb	hbs	zapuščati	verb	slv
susretati	verb	hbs	srečati	verb	slv
presretati	verb	hbs	pričakati	verb	slv
zagrtati	verb	hbs	pokrivati	verb	slv
uzletjeti	verb	hbs	vzleteti	verb	slv
čekati	verb	hbs	čakati	verb	slv
uzeti	verb	hbs	vzeti	verb	slv
izuzeti	verb	hbs	izvzeti	verb	slv
zauzeti	verb	hbs	zavzeti	verb	slv
preuzeti	verb	hbs	prevzeti	verb	slv
izraditi	verb	hbs	izdelati	verb	slv
unaprijediti	verb	hbs	zavzemati	verb	slv
usporediti	verb	hbs	primerjati	verb	slv
uporediti	verb	hbs	primerjati	verb	slv
odgoditi	verb	hbs	odložiti	verb	slv
uslijediti	verb	hbs	slediti	verb	slv
osloboditi	verb	hbs	osvoboditi	verb	slv
ubijediti	verb	hbs	prepričati	verb	slv
osuditi	verb	hbs	obsoditi	verb	slv
odbiti	verb	hbs	odbiti	verb	slv
odbiti	verb	hbs	zavrniti	verb	slv
otkriti	verb	hbs	odkriti	verb	slv
pokriti	verb	hbs	pokriti	verb	slv
napustiti	verb	hbs	zapustiti	verb	slv
navijestiti	verb	hbs	napovedati	verb	slv
iskoristiti	verb	hbs	izkoristiti	verb	slv
oštetiti	verb	hbs	poškodovati	verb	slv
vratiti	verb	hbs	vrniti	verb	slv
zaštititi	verb	hbs	zaščititi	verb	slv
štititi	verb	hbs	ščititi	verb	slv
posjetiti	verb	hbs	obiskati	verb	slv
uputiti	verb	hbs	napotiti	verb	slv
uhapsiti	verb	hbs	ujeti	verb	slv
nositi	verb	hbs	nositi	verb	slv
nositi	verb	hbs	spopasti	verb	slv
nositi	verb	hbs	spopadati	verb	slv
podnositi	verb	hbs	prenašati	verb	slv
dodijeliti	verb	hbs	dodeliti	verb	slv
kupiti	verb	hbs	kupiti	verb	slv
zaboraviti	verb	hbs	pozabiti	verb	slv
ploviti	verb	hbs	pluti	verb	slv
uspostaviti	verb	hbs	obnoviti	verb	slv
uspostaviti	verb	hbs	vzpostaviti	verb	slv
dostaviti	verb	hbs	dostaviti	verb	slv
ostaviti	verb	hbs	pustiti	verb	slv
pronalaziti	verb	hbs	odkriti	verb	slv
nalaziti	verb	hbs	nahajati	verb	slv
zabraniti	verb	hbs	prepovedati	verb	slv
sučeliti	verb	hbs	soočiti	verb	slv
zamijeniti	verb	hbs	zamenjati	verb	slv
zamijeniti	verb	hbs	nadomestiti	verb	slv
zaplijeniti	verb	hbs	zapleniti	verb	slv
izmijeniti	verb	hbs	zamenjati	verb	slv
objasniti	verb	hbs	pojasniti	verb	slv
objasniti	verb	hbs	upravičiti	verb	slv
procijeniti	verb	hbs	oceniti	verb	slv
ocijeniti	verb	hbs	oceniti	verb	slv
ispuniti	verb	hbs	izpolniti	verb	slv
ispuniti	verb	hbs	spolniti	verb	slv
počiniti	verb	hbs	storiti	verb	slv
pripremiti	verb	hbs	pripraviti	verb	slv
uništiti	verb	hbs	uničiti	verb	slv
temeljiti	verb	hbs	temeljiti	verb	slv
udovoljiti	verb	hbs	srečevati	verb	slv
ostvariti	verb	hbs	ustvariti	verb	slv
bilježiti	verb	hbs	beležiti	verb	slv
odlučiti	verb	hbs	odločiti	verb	slv
naučiti	verb	hbs	naučiti	verb	slv
naručiti	verb	hbs	naročiti	verb	slv
uključiti	verb	hbs	vključiti	verb	slv
izvršiti	verb	hbs	izvršiti	verb	slv
smanjiti	verb	hbs	zmanjšati	verb	slv
provjeriti	verb	hbs	preveriti	verb	slv
proširiti	verb	hbs	razširiti	verb	slv
spriječiti	verb	hbs	preprečiti	verb	slv
uvjeriti	verb	hbs	prepričati	verb	slv
usmjeriti	verb	hbs	usmeriti	verb	slv
poništiti	verb	hbs	razveljaviti	verb	slv
poništiti	verb	hbs	preklicati	verb	slv
tištiti	verb	hbs	stiskati	verb	slv
otvoriti	verb	hbs	odpreti	verb	slv
doživjeti	verb	hbs	doživeti	verb	slv
oćutjeti	verb	hbs	občutiti	verb	slv
vrtjeti	verb	hbs	vrteti	verb	slv
počinuti	verb	hbs	počivati	verb	slv
prekinuti	verb	hbs	prekiniti	verb	slv
sprovesti	verb	hbs	pospremiti	verb	slv
uvesti	verb	hbs	uvesti	verb	slv
izvesti	verb	hbs	izvesti	verb	slv
izvesti	verb	hbs	uresničiti	verb	slv
provesti	verb	hbs	izvesti	verb	slv
posjesti	verb	hbs	posesti	verb	slv
opsjesti	verb	hbs	obsesti	verb	slv
prisjesti	verb	hbs	prisesti	verb	slv
ispasti	verb	hbs	izpasti	verb	slv
otpasti	verb	hbs	odpasti	verb	slv
sresti	verb	hbs	srečati	verb	slv
presresti	verb	hbs	prestrezati	verb	slv
sučeljavati	verb	hbs	soočiti	verb	slv
zadržavati	verb	hbs	zadrževati	verb	slv
izbjegavati	verb	hbs	umakniti	verb	slv
izražavati	verb	hbs	izražati	verb	slv
ispunjavati	verb	hbs	izpolnjevati	verb	slv
objedinjavati	verb	hbs	združiti	verb	slv
objašnjavati	verb	hbs	pojasnjevati	verb	slv
ograničavati	verb	hbs	omejevati	verb	slv
ublažavati	verb	hbs	ublažiti	verb	slv
osiguravati	verb	hbs	zavarovati	verb	slv
razgledavati	verb	hbs	razgledovati	verb	slv
sačinjavati	verb	hbs	sestavljati	verb	slv
sprečavati	verb	hbs	preprečevati	verb	slv
uvjeravati	verb	hbs	prepričevati	verb	slv
uništavati	verb	hbs	uničevati	verb	slv
crkavati	verb	hbs	umirati	verb	slv
povjeravati	verb	hbs	poveriti	verb	slv
doživljavati	verb	hbs	doživljati	verb	slv
zaživljavati	verb	hbs	zaživeti	verb	slv
zakopavati	verb	hbs	zakopavati	verb	slv
zbližavati	verb	hbs	zbližati	verb	slv
izdržavati	verb	hbs	vzdrževati	verb	slv
iskopavati	verb	hbs	izkopati	verb	slv
iscrtavati	verb	hbs	narisati	verb	slv
odražavati	verb	hbs	odražati	verb	slv
okrivljavati	verb	hbs	obtožiti	verb	slv
izobražavati	verb	hbs	izobraževati	verb	slv
naobražavati	verb	hbs	izobraževati	verb	slv
dopunjavati	verb	hbs	dopolnjevati	verb	slv
zabrinjavati	verb	hbs	skrbeti	verb	slv
smrzavati	verb	hbs	zmrzovati	verb	slv
zaoštravati	verb	hbs	zaostrovati	verb	slv
zatopljavati	verb	hbs	ogrevati	verb	slv
ispucavati	verb	hbs	izstreliti	verb	slv
iščezavati	verb	hbs	izginjati	verb	slv
navodnjavati	verb	hbs	namakati	verb	slv
opravdavati	verb	hbs	opravičevati	verb	slv
osvjetljavati	verb	hbs	osvetljevati	verb	slv
poništavati	verb	hbs	razveljaviti	verb	slv
popunjavati	verb	hbs	napolnjevati	verb	slv
pojašnjavati	verb	hbs	pojasnjevati	verb	slv
prekoravati	verb	hbs	grajati	verb	slv
svršavati	verb	hbs	dokončati	verb	slv
provjeravati	verb	hbs	preverjati	verb	slv
sjedinjavati	verb	hbs	združevati	verb	slv
zadovoljavati	verb	hbs	zadovoljevati	verb	slv
zadovoljavati	verb	hbs	zadostovati	verb	slv
izobličavati	verb	hbs	izoblikovati	verb	slv
ispražnjavati	verb	hbs	izprazniti	verb	slv
udaljavati	verb	hbs	oddaljevati	verb	slv
prebrojavati	verb	hbs	preštevati	verb	slv
pregledavati	verb	hbs	pregledovati	verb	slv
pročišćavati	verb	hbs	prečistiti	verb	slv
razočaravati	verb	hbs	razočarati	verb	slv
razjašnjavati	verb	hbs	obrazložiti	verb	slv
upotrebljavati	verb	hbs	rabiti	verb	slv
oduševljavati	verb	hbs	izkoriščati	verb	slv
prevladavati	verb	hbs	prevladovati	verb	slv
zloupotrebljavati	verb	hbs	zlorabljati	verb	slv
zadavati	verb	hbs	zadajati	verb	slv
pridavati	verb	hbs	dodajati	verb	slv
prodavati	verb	hbs	prodajati	verb	slv
razdavati	verb	hbs	razdajati	verb	slv
poznavati	verb	hbs	poznati	verb	slv
prenaglašavati	verb	hbs	pretiravati	verb	slv
probavati	verb	hbs	preizkušati	verb	slv
prevaljivati	verb	hbs	prevaliti	verb	slv
dodjeljivati	verb	hbs	dodeliti	verb	slv
omogućivati	verb	hbs	omogočiti	verb	slv
dokazivati	verb	hbs	dokazovati	verb	slv
zabranjivati	verb	hbs	prepovedati	verb	slv
zaključivati	verb	hbs	zaključevati	verb	slv
zaštićivati	verb	hbs	zaščititi	verb	slv
izgrađivati	verb	hbs	izdelovati	verb	slv
iskazivati	verb	hbs	izkazovati	verb	slv
ispitivati	verb	hbs	spraševati	verb	slv
upućivati	verb	hbs	sklicevati	verb	slv
upućivati	verb	hbs	napotiti	verb	slv
nadmašivati	verb	hbs	premagovati	verb	slv
uređivati	verb	hbs	urediti	verb	slv
uređivati	verb	hbs	urejati	verb	slv
opisivati	verb	hbs	opisovati	verb	slv
odstranjivati	verb	hbs	odstranjevati	verb	slv
povezivati	verb	hbs	povezovati	verb	slv
unaprijeđivati	verb	hbs	napredovati	verb	slv
zaprečivati	verb	hbs	preprečevati	verb	slv
posjećivati	verb	hbs	obiskovati	verb	slv
utvrđivati	verb	hbs	utrditi	verb	slv
preporučivati	verb	hbs	priporočiti	verb	slv
presuđivati	verb	hbs	presoditi	verb	slv
pridruživati	verb	hbs	pridružiti	verb	slv
proširivati	verb	hbs	razširiti	verb	slv
sarađivati	verb	hbs	sodelovati	verb	slv
surađivati	verb	hbs	sodelovati	verb	slv
zahvaljivati	verb	hbs	zahvaljevati	verb	slv
sazivati	verb	hbs	sklicati	verb	slv
smirivati	verb	hbs	umiriti	verb	slv
umirivati	verb	hbs	umirjati	verb	slv
ucjenjivati	verb	hbs	izsiljevati	verb	slv
zakazivati	verb	hbs	napovedati	verb	slv
zaraživati	verb	hbs	okužiti	verb	slv
združivati	verb	hbs	združevati	verb	slv
izmamljivati	verb	hbs	izdajati	verb	slv
namjenjivati	verb	hbs	namenjati	verb	slv
nazivati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
ograđivati	verb	hbs	ograjevati	verb	slv
razdjeljivati	verb	hbs	razdeljevati	verb	slv
određivati	verb	hbs	odrediti	verb	slv
pogubljivati	verb	hbs	ubijati	verb	slv
pomirivati	verb	hbs	pomirjati	verb	slv
ukorjenjivati	verb	hbs	ukoreniniti	verb	slv
zamagljivati	verb	hbs	zamegliti	verb	slv
zaleđivati	verb	hbs	zamrzniti	verb	slv
zasluživati	verb	hbs	zaslužiti	verb	slv
isključivati	verb	hbs	izključevati	verb	slv
istrebljivati	verb	hbs	iztrebiti	verb	slv
oporezivati	verb	hbs	obdavčiti	verb	slv
podređivati	verb	hbs	podrediti	verb	slv
potpaljivati	verb	hbs	podžigati	verb	slv
podcjenjivati	verb	hbs	podcenjevati	verb	slv
prebacivati	verb	hbs	premetavati	verb	slv
prikazivati	verb	hbs	prikazovati	verb	slv
prijavljivati	verb	hbs	prijavljati	verb	slv
propisivati	verb	hbs	predpisovati	verb	slv
procurivati	verb	hbs	curljati	verb	slv
razmjenjivati	verb	hbs	zamenjavati	verb	slv
razrješivati	verb	hbs	razreševati	verb	slv
raspisivati	verb	hbs	razpisati	verb	slv
upoređivati	verb	hbs	primerjati	verb	slv
uspoređivati	verb	hbs	primerjati	verb	slv
zabilježivati	verb	hbs	zabeležiti	verb	slv
zanemarivati	verb	hbs	zanemarjati	verb	slv
iskorjenjivati	verb	hbs	izkoreniniti	verb	slv
obrađivati	verb	hbs	obdelovati	verb	slv
pomlađivati	verb	hbs	pomladiti	verb	slv
potkrepljivati	verb	hbs	podkrepiti	verb	slv
zgotovljivati	verb	hbs	dokončati	verb	slv
prizemljivati	verb	hbs	pristajati	verb	slv
prisluškivati	verb	hbs	prisluškovati	verb	slv
proslavljivati	verb	hbs	proslavljati	verb	slv
preispitivati	verb	hbs	presoditi	verb	slv
raspoloživati	verb	hbs	razvedriti	verb	slv
rasterećivati	verb	hbs	razbremenjevati	verb	slv
obeshrabrivati	verb	hbs	preplašiti	verb	slv
osuvremenjivati	verb	hbs	posodobiti	verb	slv
produbljivati	verb	hbs	poglobiti	verb	slv
pojednostavljivati	verb	hbs	poenostaviti	verb	slv
isplaćivati	verb	hbs	izplačevati	verb	slv
dočekivati	verb	hbs	dočakati	verb	slv
otpočivati	verb	hbs	počivati	verb	slv
predskazivati	verb	hbs	napovedovati	verb	slv
kazivati	verb	hbs	pripovedovati	verb	slv
ushićivati	verb	hbs	navdušiti	verb	slv
naimenovati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
poštovati	verb	hbs	spoštovati	verb	slv
sudjelovati	verb	hbs	sodelovati	verb	slv
djelovati	verb	hbs	delovati	verb	slv
djelovati	verb	hbs	ukrepati	verb	slv
rukovati	verb	hbs	rokovati	verb	slv
trgovati	verb	hbs	trgovati	verb	slv
školovati	verb	hbs	šolati	verb	slv
razlikovati	verb	hbs	razlikovati	verb	slv
preimenovati	verb	hbs	preimenovati	verb	slv
šefovati	verb	hbs	ukazovati	verb	slv
naići	verb	hbs	naleteti	verb	slv
tući	verb	hbs	pretepati	verb	slv
dostići	verb	hbs	dohiteti	verb	slv
doseći	verb	hbs	doseči	verb	slv
izmaknuti	verb	hbs	izogniti	verb	slv
istaći	verb	hbs	pohvaliti	verb	slv
postići	verb	hbs	dosegati	verb	slv
odbjeći	verb	hbs	zbežati	verb	slv
bježati	verb	hbs	bežati	verb	slv
iznaći	verb	hbs	izumiti	verb	slv
dirati	verb	hbs	vtikati	verb	slv
podići	verb	hbs	dvigniti	verb	slv
presjeći	verb	hbs	presekati	verb	slv
potresati	verb	hbs	pretresati	verb	slv
propisati	verb	hbs	predpisati	verb	slv
opisati	verb	hbs	opisati	verb	slv
skresati	verb	hbs	oklestiti	verb	slv
postizati	verb	hbs	dosegati	verb	slv
pokazati	verb	hbs	pokazati	verb	slv
obavezati	verb	hbs	obvezati	verb	slv
podizati	verb	hbs	dvigniti	verb	slv
zatezati	verb	hbs	nategniti	verb	slv
izdizati	verb	hbs	dvigniti	verb	slv
micati	verb	hbs	premikati	verb	slv
istjecati	verb	hbs	iztekati	verb	slv
protjecati	verb	hbs	podpihovati	verb	slv
isticati	verb	hbs	pohvaliti	verb	slv
poticati	verb	hbs	spodbujati	verb	slv
utjecati	verb	hbs	vplivati	verb	slv
utjecati	verb	hbs	prizadeti	verb	slv
potjecati	verb	hbs	izhajati	verb	slv
presjecati	verb	hbs	presekati	verb	slv
pomicati	verb	hbs	premikati	verb	slv
proistjecati	verb	hbs	izhajati	verb	slv
uvoditi	verb	hbs	uvesti	verb	slv
navoditi	verb	hbs	navesti	verb	slv
slijediti	verb	hbs	slediti	verb	slv
vrijediti	verb	hbs	veljati	verb	slv
potvrditi	verb	hbs	potrditi	verb	slv
izvoditi	verb	hbs	izvesti	verb	slv
prevoditi	verb	hbs	prevesti	verb	slv
privoditi	verb	hbs	privesti	verb	slv
proizvoditi	verb	hbs	proizvajati	verb	slv
kriviti	verb	hbs	kriviti	verb	slv
prijaviti	verb	hbs	prijaviti	verb	slv
predstaviti	verb	hbs	predstaviti	verb	slv
postaviti	verb	hbs	postaviti	verb	slv
ispraviti	verb	hbs	popraviti	verb	slv
popraviti	verb	hbs	popraviti	verb	slv
otpraviti	verb	hbs	odpraviti	verb	slv
prepraviti	verb	hbs	predelati	verb	slv
zabaviti	verb	hbs	zabavati	verb	slv
nastupiti	verb	hbs	nastopati	verb	slv
pristupiti	verb	hbs	pristopiti	verb	slv
otkupiti	verb	hbs	odkupiti	verb	slv
zastupiti	verb	hbs	zastopati	verb	slv
postupiti	verb	hbs	postopati	verb	slv
potkupiti	verb	hbs	podkupiti	verb	slv
ulaziti	verb	hbs	vstopiti	verb	slv
proizlaziti	verb	hbs	izhajati	verb	slv
plijeniti	verb	hbs	pleniti	verb	slv
upotpuniti	verb	hbs	dopolniti	verb	slv
promijeniti	verb	hbs	spremeniti	verb	slv
objediniti	verb	hbs	združiti	verb	slv
braniti	verb	hbs	braniti	verb	slv
braniti	verb	hbs	zagovarjati	verb	slv
progoniti	verb	hbs	preganjati	verb	slv
zgrabiti	verb	hbs	zgrabiti	verb	slv
uporabiti	verb	hbs	uporabiti	verb	slv
ubiti	verb	hbs	ubiti	verb	slv
prihvatiti	verb	hbs	sprejeti	verb	slv
obratiti	verb	hbs	obrniti	verb	slv
osjetiti	verb	hbs	občutiti	verb	slv
podijeliti	verb	hbs	podeliti	verb	slv
odijeliti	verb	hbs	dodeliti	verb	slv
razdijeliti	verb	hbs	razdeliti	verb	slv
dozvoliti	verb	hbs	dovoliti	verb	slv
poručiti	verb	hbs	poročati	verb	slv
potražiti	verb	hbs	poiskati	verb	slv
obuhvatiti	verb	hbs	zajeti	verb	slv
preporučiti	verb	hbs	priporočiti	verb	slv
preporučiti	verb	hbs	priporočati	verb	slv
nadmašiti	verb	hbs	premagati	verb	slv
nadmašiti	verb	hbs	presegati	verb	slv
nadmašiti	verb	hbs	preseči	verb	slv
važiti	verb	hbs	veljati	verb	slv
produljiti	verb	hbs	podaljšati	verb	slv
naznačiti	verb	hbs	napovedati	verb	slv
zatvoriti	verb	hbs	zapreti	verb	slv
liječiti	verb	hbs	zdraviti	verb	slv
uložiti	verb	hbs	vložiti	verb	slv
tumačiti	verb	hbs	tolmačiti	verb	slv
gušiti	verb	hbs	dušiti	verb	slv
prikriti	verb	hbs	prikriti	verb	slv
navršiti	verb	hbs	dokončati	verb	slv
raskriti	verb	hbs	razkriti	verb	slv
udostojiti	verb	hbs	častiti	verb	slv
pretražiti	verb	hbs	preiskati	verb	slv
razriješiti	verb	hbs	razrešiti	verb	slv
zadužiti	verb	hbs	zadolžiti	verb	slv
ograničiti	verb	hbs	omejiti	verb	slv
graničiti	verb	hbs	mejiti	verb	slv
curiti	verb	hbs	curljati	verb	slv
stvoriti	verb	hbs	ustvariti	verb	slv
riješiti	verb	hbs	rešiti	verb	slv
riješiti	verb	hbs	lotiti	verb	slv
umanjiti	verb	hbs	zmanjšati	verb	slv
ublažiti	verb	hbs	ublažiti	verb	slv
upozoriti	verb	hbs	opozoriti	verb	slv
potaknuti	verb	hbs	spodbuditi	verb	slv
primaknuti	verb	hbs	primakniti	verb	slv
otpočinuti	verb	hbs	odpočiti	verb	slv
iščeznuti	verb	hbs	izginiti	verb	slv
nametnuti	verb	hbs	prisiliti	verb	slv
izvrnuti	verb	hbs	prevrniti	verb	slv
laknuti	verb	hbs	olajšati	verb	slv
odlanuti	verb	hbs	olajšati	verb	slv
odlagati	verb	hbs	odlagati	verb	slv
izlagati	verb	hbs	razložiti	verb	slv
izlagati	verb	hbs	izpostavljati	verb	slv
obrazlagati	verb	hbs	obrazložiti	verb	slv
potpomagati	verb	hbs	podpirati	verb	slv
raspolagati	verb	hbs	razpolagati	verb	slv
stići	verb	hbs	prispeti	verb	slv
odnijeti	verb	hbs	odnesti	verb	slv
spakirati	verb	hbs	spakirati	verb	slv
reći	verb	hbs	povedati	verb	slv
reći	verb	hbs	dejati	verb	slv
reći	verb	hbs	spregovoriti	verb	slv
kazati	verb	hbs	reči	verb	slv
kazati	verb	hbs	kazati	verb	slv
naći	verb	hbs	najti	verb	slv
slušati	verb	hbs	poslušati	verb	slv
pronaći	verb	hbs	najti	verb	slv
dobivati	verb	hbs	dobivati	verb	slv
znati	verb	hbs	vedeti	verb	slv
znati	verb	hbs	znati	verb	slv
voljeti	verb	hbs	hoteti	verb	slv
završavati	verb	hbs	prenehati	verb	slv
završavati	verb	hbs	potekati	verb	slv
tražiti	verb	hbs	iskati	verb	slv
gledati	verb	hbs	gledati	verb	slv
pitati	verb	hbs	vprašati	verb	slv
razgovarati	verb	hbs	govoriti	verb	slv
držati	verb	hbs	držati	verb	slv
otjecati	verb	hbs	otekati	verb	slv
izračunati	verb	hbs	izračunati	verb	slv
razdati	verb	hbs	razdati	verb	slv
zavidjeti	verb	hbs	zavidati	verb	slv
iskrivljavati	verb	hbs	ukrivljati	verb	slv
isplivavati	verb	hbs	izplavati	verb	slv
preusmjeravati	verb	hbs	preusmerjati	verb	slv
razvrstavati	verb	hbs	razvrščati	verb	slv
preprodavati	verb	hbs	preprodajati	verb	slv
rasprodavati	verb	hbs	razprodajati	verb	slv
raspoređivati	verb	hbs	razporejati	verb	slv
izbivati	verb	hbs	izostajati	verb	slv
podarivati	verb	hbs	podarjati	verb	slv
pozajmljivati	verb	hbs	posojati	verb	slv
presušivati	verb	hbs	usihati	verb	slv
obeštećivati	verb	hbs	poravnavati	verb	slv
obamirati	verb	hbs	odmirati	verb	slv
štrajkati	verb	hbs	štrajkati	verb	slv
zabavljati	verb	hbs	zabavljati	verb	slv
zastajati	verb	hbs	zaostajati	verb	slv
obolijevati	verb	hbs	obolevati	verb	slv
zavaravati	verb	hbs	fantazirati	verb	slv
pristizati	verb	hbs	dohajati	verb	slv
štrajkovati	verb	hbs	štrajkati	verb	slv
obračunavati	verb	hbs	obračunavati	verb	slv
dobavljati	verb	hbs	dobavljati	verb	slv
ozdravljati	verb	hbs	ozdravljati	verb	slv
pomišljati	verb	hbs	oklevati	verb	slv
preprodati	verb	hbs	preprodajati	verb	slv
usvajati	verb	hbs	usvajati	verb	slv
uvažati	verb	hbs	uvažati	verb	slv
pogledati	verb	hbs	pogledati	verb	slv
vraćati	verb	hbs	vračati	verb	slv
upozoravati	verb	hbs	opozarjati	verb	slv
prilagođavati	verb	hbs	prilagajati	verb	slv
izvojevati	verb	hbs	izvojevati	verb	slv
predsjedati	verb	hbs	predsedovati	verb	slv
saosjećati	verb	hbs	sočustvovati	verb	slv
otkazivati	verb	hbs	odpovedovati	verb	slv
odmrzavati	verb	hbs	odmrzovati	verb	slv
upisivati	verb	hbs	vpisovati	verb	slv
popisivati	verb	hbs	popisovati	verb	slv
privređivati	verb	hbs	pridelovati	verb	slv
prerađivati	verb	hbs	predelovati	verb	slv
dopisivati	verb	hbs	dopisovati	verb	slv
posjedovati	verb	hbs	posedovati	verb	slv
posjedovati	verb	hbs	lastiti	verb	slv
negodovati	verb	hbs	negodovati	verb	slv
njegovati	verb	hbs	negovati	verb	slv
čuvstvovati	verb	hbs	čustvovati	verb	slv
doputovati	verb	hbs	dopotovati	verb	slv
suosjećati	verb	hbs	sočustvovati	verb	slv
dejstvovati	verb	hbs	dejstvovati	verb	slv
iskupiti	verb	hbs	skupiti	verb	slv
razdužiti	verb	hbs	razdolžiti	verb	slv
gazdovati	verb	hbs	gospodariti	verb	slv
ohrabrivati	verb	hbs	hrabriti	verb	slv
okriviti	verb	hbs	obdolžiti	verb	slv
usvojiti	verb	hbs	usvojiti	verb	slv
ohrabriti	verb	hbs	ohrabriti	verb	slv
izdvajati	verb	hbs	izdvojiti	verb	slv
opsluživati	verb	hbs	poslužiti	verb	slv
osnaživati	verb	hbs	osnažiti	verb	slv
izmučivati	verb	hbs	namučiti	verb	slv
iznositi	verb	hbs	predstavljati	verb	slv
iznositi	verb	hbs	znašati	verb	slv
podnijeti	verb	hbs	prenesti	verb	slv
prenijeti	verb	hbs	prenesti	verb	slv
raspraviti	verb	hbs	pretresti	verb	slv
osujetiti	verb	hbs	spodnesti	verb	slv
približiti	verb	hbs	približati	verb	slv
spomenuti	verb	hbs	omeniti	verb	slv
spominjati	verb	hbs	zapomniti	verb	slv
spominjati	verb	hbs	omenjati	verb	slv
sputavati	verb	hbs	onemogočiti	verb	slv
onemogućavati	verb	hbs	onemogočiti	verb	slv
obilježavati	verb	hbs	obeležiti	verb	slv
predvidjeti	verb	hbs	predvideti	verb	slv
predvidjeti	verb	hbs	poskrbeti	verb	slv
donijeti	verb	hbs	prinesti	verb	slv
potresti	verb	hbs	potresti	verb	slv
unositi	verb	hbs	vnesti	verb	slv
prenositi	verb	hbs	prenesti	verb	slv
odblokirati	verb	hbs	odblokirati	verb	slv
interesirati	verb	hbs	interesirati	verb	slv
švercati	verb	hbs	švercati	verb	slv
interesovati	verb	hbs	interesirati	verb	slv
osigurati	verb	hbs	osigurati	verb	slv
uvježbati	verb	hbs	strenirati	verb	slv
sračunati	verb	hbs	zračunati	verb	slv
pročitati	verb	hbs	prečitati	verb	slv
rasprodati	verb	hbs	razprodati	verb	slv
ustati	verb	hbs	vstati	verb	slv
zastati	verb	hbs	zastati	verb	slv
nastati	verb	hbs	nastati	verb	slv
izostati	verb	hbs	izostati	verb	slv
pristati	verb	hbs	pristati	verb	slv
snabdijevati	verb	hbs	oskrbeti	verb	slv
sumnjati	verb	hbs	sumiti	verb	slv
sumnjati	verb	hbs	dvomiti	verb	slv
ukidati	verb	hbs	odpisati	verb	slv
teretiti	verb	hbs	okriviti	verb	slv
napučiti	verb	hbs	našobiti	verb	slv
pretvoriti	verb	hbs	pretvoriti	verb	slv
užlijebiti	verb	hbs	užlebiti	verb	slv
ostati	verb	hbs	ostati	verb	slv
ostajati	verb	hbs	ostajati	verb	slv
ostajati	verb	hbs	ostati	verb	slv
istjerati	verb	hbs	izgnati	verb	slv
izabrati	verb	hbs	izbrati	verb	slv
otpremati	verb	hbs	odpremiti	verb	slv
poklapati	verb	hbs	poklopiti	verb	slv
preispitati	verb	hbs	premisliti	verb	slv
pretpostavljati	verb	hbs	predpostaviti	verb	slv
porobljavati	verb	hbs	zarobiti	verb	slv
pretpostaviti	verb	hbs	predpostaviti	verb	slv
najaviti	verb	hbs	najaviti	verb	slv
razdvajati	verb	hbs	razdvojiti	verb	slv
vjenčati	verb	hbs	oženiti	verb	slv
raseljavati	verb	hbs	razseliti	verb	slv
uperivati	verb	hbs	uperiti	verb	slv
odjeljivati	verb	hbs	oddeliti	verb	slv
primjenjivati	verb	hbs	ostvariti	verb	slv
rasprostranjivati	verb	hbs	razprostraniti	verb	slv
objelodaniti	verb	hbs	obelodaniti	verb	slv
priskrbiti	verb	hbs	priskrbeti	verb	slv
zakupiti	verb	hbs	zakupiti	verb	slv
zakupljati	verb	hbs	zakupiti	verb	slv
nagrađivati	verb	hbs	nagrajevati	verb	slv
dovesti	verb	hbs	pripeljati	verb	slv
sužavati	verb	hbs	zoževati	verb	slv
obučavati	verb	hbs	poučevati	verb	slv
naoružavati	verb	hbs	oboroževati	verb	slv
preseljavati	verb	hbs	preseljevati	verb	slv
pridržavati	verb	hbs	pridrževati	verb	slv
razoružavati	verb	hbs	razoroževati	verb	slv
razgraničavati	verb	hbs	razmejevati	verb	slv
zagađivati	verb	hbs	onesnaževati	verb	slv
skraćivati	verb	hbs	skrajševati	verb	slv
opterećivati	verb	hbs	obremenjevati	verb	slv
priključivati	verb	hbs	priključevati	verb	slv
otplaćivati	verb	hbs	odplačevati	verb	slv
ostvarivati	verb	hbs	uresničevati	verb	slv
ocjenjivati	verb	hbs	ocenjevati	verb	slv
ukrašavati	verb	hbs	okraševati	verb	slv
izvršavati	verb	hbs	izvrševati	verb	slv
olakšavati	verb	hbs	olajševati	verb	slv
izučavati	verb	hbs	izučevati	verb	slv
izglasati	verb	hbs	izglasovati	verb	slv
procjenjivati	verb	hbs	ocenjevati	verb	slv
oštećivati	verb	hbs	oškodovati	verb	slv
zapričati	verb	hbs	zaklepetati	verb	slv
napričati	verb	hbs	naklepetati	verb	slv
podrazumijevati	verb	hbs	aludirati	verb	slv
potkopati	verb	hbs	podkopati	verb	slv
predviđati	verb	hbs	predvidevati	verb	slv
prisvajati	verb	hbs	prilastiti	verb	slv
ogledati	verb	hbs	pogledati	verb	slv
prati	verb	hbs	prati	verb	slv
prevariti	verb	hbs	prevariti	verb	slv
buknuti	verb	hbs	plamteti	verb	slv
izaslati	verb	hbs	odposlati	verb	slv
poslati	verb	hbs	poslati	verb	slv
ulagati	verb	hbs	vlagati	verb	slv
umetati	verb	hbs	vstavljati	verb	slv
poželjeti	verb	hbs	poželeti	verb	slv
dovoditi	verb	hbs	dovesti	verb	slv
zaobilaziti	verb	hbs	obhoditi	verb	slv
podvlačiti	verb	hbs	podčrtati	verb	slv
opozivati	verb	hbs	odpoklicati	verb	slv
razrađivati	verb	hbs	razgraditi	verb	slv
preraspodjeljivati	verb	hbs	prerazporediti	verb	slv
dopisati	verb	hbs	dopisati	verb	slv
dostizati	verb	hbs	dospeti	verb	slv
usložnjavati	verb	hbs	zakomplicirati	verb	slv
osposobljavati	verb	hbs	usposabljati	verb	slv
pribjegavati	verb	hbs	poslužiti	verb	slv
raščišćavati	verb	hbs	razčistiti	verb	slv
pridodavati	verb	hbs	pridodati	verb	slv
raspoznavati	verb	hbs	razpoznati	verb	slv
urezivati	verb	hbs	urezati	verb	slv
razgorivati	verb	hbs	razgoreti	verb	slv
odležavati	verb	hbs	odležati	verb	slv
isprobavati	verb	hbs	preizkusiti	verb	slv
osvještavati	verb	hbs	osvestiti	verb	slv
previdjeti	verb	hbs	predvideti	verb	slv
dopasti	verb	hbs	dopasti	verb	slv
prevoziti	verb	hbs	prevoziti	verb	slv
izbaciti	verb	hbs	izmetati	verb	slv
odbaciti	verb	hbs	odmetati	verb	slv
preobražavati	verb	hbs	preobraziti	verb	slv
pridonijeti	verb	hbs	doprinesti	verb	slv
zamišljavati	verb	hbs	zamisliti	verb	slv
zamišljati	verb	hbs	zamisliti	verb	slv
presijati	verb	hbs	presejati	verb	slv
utvrditi	verb	hbs	učvrstiti	verb	slv
utvrditi	verb	hbs	ugotavljati	verb	slv
plivati	verb	hbs	plavati	verb	slv
nadodati	verb	hbs	nahoditi	verb	slv
odnositi	verb	hbs	odnesti	verb	slv
odnijeti	verb	hbs	odnesti	verb	slv
opomenuti	verb	hbs	opozoriti	verb	slv
poslužiti	verb	hbs	izkoristiti	verb	slv
hodati	verb	hbs	hoditi	verb	slv
uključivati	verb	hbs	vključiti	verb	slv
prolaziti	verb	hbs	hoditi	verb	slv
ubilježiti	verb	hbs	zabeležiti	verb	slv
zabilježiti	verb	hbs	zabeležiti	verb	slv
optužiti	verb	hbs	obtožiti	verb	slv
zamrznuti	verb	hbs	zamrzniti	verb	slv
okrznuti	verb	hbs	oplaziti	verb	slv
ići	verb	hbs	hoditi	verb	slv
sjesti	verb	hbs	sedeti	verb	slv
stići	verb	hbs	prispeti	verb	slv
stizati	verb	hbs	prispeti	verb	slv
pristići	verb	hbs	prispeti	verb	slv
proći	verb	hbs	iti	verb	slv
iskorištavati	verb	hbs	izkoriščati	verb	slv
povređivati	verb	hbs	poškodovati	verb	slv
obuzeti	verb	hbs	prevzeti	verb	slv
sprovoditi	verb	hbs	speljati	verb	slv
misliti	verb	hbs	misliti	verb	slv
razmisliti	verb	hbs	razmisliti	verb	slv
ugroziti	verb	hbs	groziti	verb	slv
prijetiti	verb	hbs	groziti	verb	slv
potraživati	verb	hbs	iskati	verb	slv
otići	verb	hbs	oditi	verb	slv
prilaziti	verb	hbs	prihajati	verb	slv
saopćiti	verb	hbs	povedati	verb	slv
sakriti	verb	hbs	skrivati	verb	slv
zauzimati	verb	hbs	zavzeti	verb	slv
prisustvovati	verb	hbs	prisostvovati	verb	slv
smijeniti	verb	hbs	zamenjati	verb	slv
isteći	verb	hbs	iztekati	verb	slv
prepričavati	verb	hbs	prepričevati	verb	slv
prestajati	verb	hbs	prenehati	verb	slv
iznijeti	verb	hbs	odnesti	verb	slv
kvariti	verb	hbs	kvariti	verb	slv
strujati	verb	hbs	krožiti	verb	slv
pogoršavati	verb	hbs	poslabšati	verb	slv
doznati	verb	hbs	zvedeti	verb	slv
odsjesti	verb	hbs	nastaniti	verb	slv
preuređivati	verb	hbs	preurediti	verb	slv
nagliti	verb	hbs	hiteti	verb	slv
uzburkati	verb	hbs	vzburiti	verb	slv
razotkrivati	verb	hbs	odkrivati	verb	slv
učiniti	verb	hbs	narediti	verb	slv
započeti	verb	hbs	začeti	verb	slv
davati	verb	hbs	dajati	verb	slv
duvati	verb	hbs	pihati	verb	slv
odigrati	verb	hbs	odigrati	verb	slv
oprostiti	verb	hbs	oprostiti	verb	slv
pothranjivati	verb	hbs	stradati	verb	slv
gladovati	verb	hbs	stradati	verb	slv
proći	verb	hbs	preiti	verb	slv
zavezati	verb	hbs	zavezati	verb	slv
prolaziti	verb	hbs	prehajati	verb	slv
stizati	verb	hbs	dohitevati	verb	slv
žuriti	verb	hbs	hiteti	verb	slv
služiti	verb	hbs	služiti	verb	slv
odvlačiti	verb	hbs	oddaljiti	verb	slv
odugovlačiti	verb	hbs	zavlačevati	verb	slv
brboriti	verb	hbs	klokotati	verb	slv
svjedočiti	verb	hbs	pričati	verb	slv
usredotočiti	verb	hbs	osredotočiti	verb	slv
usredotočiti	verb	hbs	osredotočati	verb	slv
proučiti	verb	hbs	preučiti	verb	slv
odvraćati	verb	hbs	odvračati	verb	slv
upasti	verb	hbs	pasti	verb	slv
uzimati	verb	hbs	jemati	verb	slv
ubijati	verb	hbs	ubijati	verb	slv
umivati	verb	hbs	umivati	verb	slv
izjavljivati	verb	hbs	izjaviti	verb	slv
ući	verb	hbs	učiti	verb	slv
disati	verb	hbs	dihati	verb	slv
duhati	verb	hbs	vohati	verb	slv
stati	verb	hbs	stati	verb	slv
voditi	verb	hbs	voditi	verb	slv
suditi	verb	hbs	soditi	verb	slv
kriti	verb	hbs	prikrivati	verb	slv
kriti	verb	hbs	prikrivati	verb	slv
popustiti	verb	hbs	popustiti	verb	slv
izvijestiti	verb	hbs	obvestiti	verb	slv
koristiti	verb	hbs	koristiti	verb	slv
koristiti	verb	hbs	uporabljati	verb	slv
učiti	verb	hbs	učiti	verb	slv
zaključiti	verb	hbs	zaključiti	verb	slv
preživjeti	verb	hbs	preživeti	verb	slv
skrenuti	verb	hbs	obrniti	verb	slv
šivati	verb	hbs	šivati	verb	slv
kritikovati	verb	hbs	kritizirati	verb	slv
kupovati	verb	hbs	kupovati	verb	slv
disati	verb	hbs	dihati	verb	slv
suditi	verb	hbs	soditi	verb	slv
vrijediti	verb	hbs	veljati	verb	slv
značiti	verb	hbs	pomeniti	verb	slv
brojiti	verb	hbs	preštevati	verb	slv
zgriješiti	verb	hbs	zgrešiti	verb	slv
odslužiti	verb	hbs	odslužiti	verb	slv
istaknuti	verb	hbs	odstopati	verb	slv
istaknuti	verb	hbs	izpostaviti	verb	slv
istaknuti	verb	hbs	izpostaviti	verb	slv
okrenuti	verb	hbs	preobrniti	verb	slv
lagati	verb	hbs	lagati	verb	slv
odmarati	verb	hbs	odpočiti	verb	slv
opraštati	verb	hbs	oprostiti	verb	slv
poboljšati	verb	hbs	poboljšati	verb	slv
poboljšati	verb	hbs	izboljšati	verb	slv
praštati	verb	hbs	oprostiti	verb	slv
prekidati	verb	hbs	prekiniti	verb	slv
sačekati	verb	hbs	počakati	verb	slv
stajati	verb	hbs	stati	verb	slv
izostavljati	verb	hbs	izključiti	verb	slv
izdržati	verb	hbs	zdržati	verb	slv
progledati	verb	hbs	spregledati	verb	slv
otpočinjati	verb	hbs	začeti	verb	slv
počinjati	verb	hbs	početi	verb	slv
dugovati	verb	hbs	dolgovati	verb	slv
potiskivati	verb	hbs	potiskati	verb	slv
odlučivati	verb	hbs	odločiti	verb	slv
potiskivati	verb	hbs	potiskati	verb	slv
ukazivati	verb	hbs	pokazati	verb	slv
brojati	verb	hbs	šteti	verb	slv
odlučivati	verb	hbs	odločati	verb	slv
produživati	verb	hbs	podaljševati	verb	slv
izdavati	verb	hbs	izdajati	verb	slv
dozvoljavati	verb	hbs	dovoljevati	verb	slv
naglašavati	verb	hbs	poudarjati	verb	slv
izaći	verb	hbs	izstopiti	verb	slv
kopati	verb	hbs	kopati	verb	slv
gurati	verb	hbs	porivati	verb	slv
puhati	verb	hbs	pihati	verb	slv
udarati	verb	hbs	udarjati	verb	slv
pridati	verb	hbs	dodati	verb	slv
primati	verb	hbs	prejemati	verb	slv
ostavljati	verb	hbs	puščati	verb	slv
potpisati	verb	hbs	podpisati	verb	slv
postojati	verb	hbs	obstojati	verb	slv
okretati	verb	hbs	obračati	verb	slv
zatvarati	verb	hbs	zapirati	verb	slv
vježbati	verb	hbs	trenirati	verb	slv
započinjati	verb	hbs	začenjati	verb	slv
smetati	verb	hbs	ovirati	verb	slv
otpočeti	verb	hbs	začeti	verb	slv
pobijediti	verb	hbs	zmagati	verb	slv
šiti	verb	hbs	šivati	verb	slv
proglasiti	verb	hbs	proglasiti	verb	slv
dijeliti	verb	hbs	deliti	verb	slv
izgubiti	verb	hbs	izgubiti	verb	slv
ponoviti	verb	hbs	ponoviti	verb	slv
voziti	verb	hbs	voziti	verb	slv
polaziti	verb	hbs	odhajati	verb	slv
produžiti	verb	hbs	podaljšati	verb	slv
uspjeti	verb	hbs	uspeti	verb	slv
jesti	verb	hbs	jesti	verb	slv
rasti	verb	hbs	naraščati	verb	slv
napasti	verb	hbs	napasti	verb	slv
napasti	verb	hbs	napasti	verb	slv
zapošljavati	verb	hbs	zaposlovati	verb	slv
uvećavati	verb	hbs	poveličevati	verb	slv
izvještavati	verb	hbs	poročati	verb	slv
oživljavati	verb	hbs	oživljati	verb	slv
održavati	verb	hbs	vzdrževati	verb	slv
održavati	verb	hbs	ohranjati	verb	slv
označavati	verb	hbs	označevati	verb	slv
otežavati	verb	hbs	debeliti	verb	slv
zakašnjavati	verb	hbs	zamujati	verb	slv
preživljavati	verb	hbs	preživljati	verb	slv
uznemiravati	verb	hbs	vznemirjati	verb	slv
pronevjeravati	verb	hbs	poneverjati	verb	slv
nadodavati	verb	hbs	dodati	verb	slv
dozvoljavati	verb	hbs	dovoliti	verb	slv
potpisivati	verb	hbs	podpisovati	verb	slv
istraživati	verb	hbs	raziskovati	verb	slv
pobjeđivati	verb	hbs	zmagovati	verb	slv
povikivati	verb	hbs	kričati	verb	slv
ukazivati	verb	hbs	ukazovati	verb	slv
ukazivati	verb	hbs	ukazovati	verb	slv
uživati	verb	hbs	uživati	verb	slv
bujati	verb	hbs	uživati	verb	slv
snivati	verb	hbs	snovati	verb	slv
ozdravljivati	verb	hbs	ozdraviti	verb	slv
oslabljivati	verb	hbs	oslabiti	verb	slv
odsluživati	verb	hbs	odslužiti	verb	slv
zarađivati	verb	hbs	zaslužiti	verb	slv
tugovati	verb	hbs	tožiti	verb	slv
dugovati	verb	hbs	dolgovati	verb	slv
ubrzati	verb	hbs	pospešiti	verb	slv
otkazati	verb	hbs	odpovedati	verb	slv
povikati	verb	hbs	zakričati	verb	slv
predvoditi	verb	hbs	voditi	verb	slv
svoditi	verb	hbs	pasti	verb	slv
slaviti	verb	hbs	slaviti	verb	slv
odstupiti	verb	hbs	odstopiti	verb	slv
izlaziti	verb	hbs	izstopiti	verb	slv
približavati	verb	hbs	približevati	verb	slv
potkopavati	verb	hbs	podkopavati	verb	slv
iznenađivati	verb	hbs	presenetiti	verb	slv
iskazati	verb	hbs	izkazati	verb	slv
doprinositi	verb	hbs	doprinesti	verb	slv
dogledati	verb	hbs	dogledati	verb	slv
otpisivati	verb	hbs	odpisati	verb	slv
proputovati	verb	hbs	prepotovati	verb	slv
podučavati	verb	hbs	podučevati	verb	slv
iseljavati	verb	hbs	izseljevati	verb	slv
oglašavati	verb	hbs	oglaševati	verb	slv
proputovati	verb	hbs	prepotovati	verb	slv
uzvratiti	verb	hbs	oddolžiti	verb	slv
posvećivati	verb	hbs	posvetiti	verb	slv
pridonositi	verb	hbs	prinesti	verb	slv
diskutovati	verb	hbs	diskutirati	verb	slv
predavati	verb	hbs	predavati	verb	slv
obraćati	verb	hbs	obračati	verb	slv
prestati	verb	hbs	prestati	verb	slv
naglasiti	verb	hbs	naglasiti	verb	slv
naglasiti	verb	hbs	poudariti	verb	slv
pomilovati	verb	hbs	pomilovati	verb	slv
praktikovati	verb	hbs	prakticirati	verb	slv
jačati	verb	hbs	krepiti	verb	slv
pljuvati	verb	hbs	pljuvati	verb	slv
mesti	verb	hbs	mesti	verb	slv
baštiniti	verb	hbs	dedovati	verb	slv
vidjeti	verb	hbs	videti	verb	slv
pogledavati	verb	hbs	pogledati	verb	slv
odbrojavati	verb	hbs	šteti	verb	slv
zasjeći	verb	hbs	zasekati	verb	slv
pripeći	verb	hbs	pripekati	verb	slv
proći	verb	hbs	prešiniti	verb	slv
potući	verb	hbs	potolči	verb	slv
poreći	verb	hbs	zanikovati	verb	slv
sjeći	verb	hbs	sekati	verb	slv
čuti	verb	hbs	slišati	verb	slv
čuti	verb	hbs	slišati	verb	slv
izbijati	verb	hbs	izbijati	verb	slv
poručivati	verb	hbs	poročati	verb	slv
poraziti	verb	hbs	poraziti	verb	slv
uvoziti	verb	hbs	uvoziti	verb	slv
izvoziti	verb	hbs	izvoziti	verb	slv
naslijediti	verb	hbs	podedovati	verb	slv
pripomoći	verb	hbs	pripomoči	verb	slv
tući	verb	hbs	tepsti	verb	slv
istući	verb	hbs	pretepsti	verb	slv
oteći	verb	hbs	oteči	verb	slv
isteći	verb	hbs	poteči	verb	slv
priteći	verb	hbs	priteči	verb	slv
steći	verb	hbs	steči	verb	slv
odsjeći	verb	hbs	odsekati	verb	slv
posjeći	verb	hbs	posekati	verb	slv
izaći	verb	hbs	iziti	verb	slv
zaobići	verb	hbs	obiti	verb	slv
pobjeći	verb	hbs	uiti	verb	slv
priteći	verb	hbs	pritekati	verb	slv
privući	verb	hbs	privabljati	verb	slv
pobjeći	verb	hbs	uhajati	verb	slv
ući	verb	hbs	vstopati	verb	slv
privući	verb	hbs	privabiti	verb	slv
razvući	verb	hbs	razpotegniti	verb	slv
razvući	verb	hbs	raztegniti	verb	slv
poreći	verb	hbs	poreči	verb	slv
peći	verb	hbs	skeleti	verb	slv
pobjeći	verb	hbs	ubežati	verb	slv
izbjeći	verb	hbs	izogibati	verb	slv
steći	verb	hbs	pridobiti	verb	slv
izvući	verb	hbs	izpuliti	verb	slv
svaliti	verb	hbs	zvaliti	verb	slv
svaliti	verb	hbs	zvaliti	verb	slv
dotući	verb	hbs	dotolči	verb	slv
izreći	verb	hbs	izreči	verb	slv
isteći	verb	hbs	izteči	verb	slv
izvući	verb	hbs	izvleči	verb	slv
napeći	verb	hbs	napeči	verb	slv
obući	verb	hbs	obleči	verb	slv
otući	verb	hbs	obtolči	verb	slv
odvući	verb	hbs	odvleči	verb	slv
opeći	verb	hbs	opeči	verb	slv
preobući	verb	hbs	preobleči	verb	slv
privući	verb	hbs	privleči	verb	slv
svući	verb	hbs	sleči	verb	slv
speći	verb	hbs	speči	verb	slv
istući	verb	hbs	stolči	verb	slv
uteći	verb	hbs	uteči	verb	slv
zateći	verb	hbs	zateči	verb	slv
zavući	verb	hbs	zavleči	verb	slv
dovući	verb	hbs	zvleči	verb	slv
peći	verb	hbs	peči	verb	slv
pobjeći	verb	hbs	izmuzniti	verb	slv
pobjeći	verb	hbs	pobegniti	verb	slv
pronaći	verb	hbs	zaslediti	verb	slv
potući	verb	hbs	potepsti	verb	slv
pretući	verb	hbs	stepsti	verb	slv
prijeći	verb	hbs	prekoračevati	verb	slv
navući	verb	hbs	navleči	verb	slv
pretući	verb	hbs	pretolči	verb	slv
stići	verb	hbs	utegniti	verb	slv
odvojiti	verb	hbs	ločiti	verb	slv
uvažiti	verb	hbs	upoštevati	verb	slv
uhićivati	verb	hbs	aretirati	verb	slv
iziskivati	verb	hbs	zahtevati	verb	slv
okrunjivati	verb	hbs	kronati	verb	slv
glasati	verb	hbs	glasovati	verb	slv
trebati	modal	hbs	potrebovati	verb	slv
formulirati	verb	hbs	formulirati	verb	slv
formulirati	verb	hbs	formulirati	verb	slv
kažnjavati	verb	hbs	kaznovati	verb	slv
predlagati	verb	hbs	predlagati	verb	slv
isplanirati	verb	hbs	planirati	verb	slv
planirati	verb	hbs	planirati	verb	slv
nadzirati	verb	hbs	kontrolirati	verb	slv
apsiti	verb	hbs	aretirati	verb	slv
hapsiti	verb	hbs	aretirati	verb	slv
kazniti	verb	hbs	kaznovati	verb	slv
zatražiti	verb	hbs	zahtevati	verb	slv
zatražiti	verb	hbs	zaprositi	verb	slv
potpomoći	verb	hbs	pomagati	verb	slv
posavjetovati	verb	hbs	svetovati	verb	slv
kontrolisati	verb	hbs	kontrolirati	verb	slv
nakupovati	verb	hbs	nakupovati	verb	slv
opslužiti	verb	hbs	servirati	verb	slv
okarakterizirati	verb	hbs	karakterizirati	verb	slv
zagarantirati	verb	hbs	garantirati	verb	slv
podmetati	verb	hbs	podmetati	verb	slv
poražavati	verb	hbs	poraziti	verb	slv
izvlačiti	verb	hbs	izvlačiti	verb	slv
reformisati	verb	hbs	reformirati	verb	slv
naplaćivati	verb	hbs	kasirati	verb	slv
pretplaćivati	verb	hbs	abonirati	verb	slv
posluživati	verb	hbs	servirati	verb	slv
učvršćivati	verb	hbs	fiksirati	verb	slv
naštetiti	verb	hbs	škodovati	verb	slv
potraživati	verb	hbs	zahtevati	verb	slv
buniti	verb	hbs	protestirati	verb	slv
smoći	verb	hbs	zmoči	verb	slv
odvojiti	verb	hbs	ločiti	verb	slv
uvažavati	verb	hbs	upoštevati	verb	slv
uhićivati	verb	hbs	aretirati	verb	slv
iziskivati	verb	hbs	zahtevati	verb	slv
okrunjivati	verb	hbs	kronati	verb	slv
kažnjavati	verb	hbs	kaznovati	verb	slv
predlagati	verb	hbs	predlagati	verb	slv
isplanirati	verb	hbs	planirati	verb	slv
planirati	verb	hbs	planirati	verb	slv
nadzirati	verb	hbs	kontrolirati	verb	slv
apsiti	verb	hbs	aretirati	verb	slv
hapsiti	verb	hbs	aretirati	verb	slv
kazniti	verb	hbs	kaznovati	verb	slv
zatražiti	verb	hbs	zahtevati	verb	slv
potpomoći	verb	hbs	pomagati	verb	slv
posavjetovati	verb	hbs	svetovati	verb	slv
kontrolisati	verb	hbs	kontrolirati	verb	slv
nakupovati	verb	hbs	nakupovati	verb	slv
opslužiti	verb	hbs	servirati	verb	slv
okarakterizirati	verb	hbs	karakterizirati	verb	slv
zagarantirati	verb	hbs	garantirati	verb	slv
podmetati	verb	hbs	podmetati	verb	slv
poražavati	verb	hbs	poraziti	verb	slv
izvlačiti	verb	hbs	izvlačiti	verb	slv
reformisati	verb	hbs	reformirati	verb	slv
naplaćivati	verb	hbs	kasirati	verb	slv
pretplaćivati	verb	hbs	abonirati	verb	slv
posluživati	verb	hbs	servirati	verb	slv
učvršćivati	verb	hbs	fiksirati	verb	slv
štetiti	verb	hbs	škodovati	verb	slv
potraživati	verb	hbs	zahtevati	verb	slv
buniti	verb	hbs	protestirati	verb	slv
smoći	verb	hbs	zmoči	verb	slv
pomoći	verb	hbs	pomagati	verb	slv
pomoći	verb	hbs	pomagati	verb	slv
glasovati	verb	hbs	glasovati	verb	slv
glasovati	verb	hbs	glasovati	verb	slv
veli	verb	hbs	govoriti	verb	slv
veli	verb	hbs	govoriti	verb	slv
veli	verb	hbs	povedati	verb	slv
veli	verb	hbs	povedati	verb	slv
povlačiti	verb	hbs	vlačiti	verb	slv
imenovati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
učestvovati	verb	hbs	sodelovati	verb	slv
silovati	verb	hbs	posiliti	verb	slv
obrazovati	verb	hbs	šolati	verb	slv
falsifikovati	verb	hbs	ponarejati	verb	slv
finalizovati	verb	hbs	dokončati	verb	slv
nominovati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
vezati	verb	hbs	spojiti	verb	slv
ekstradirati	verb	hbs	izročiti	verb	slv
konfiscirati	verb	hbs	zapleniti	verb	slv
odvojiti	verb	hbs	razgledati	verb	slv
prodiskutirati	verb	hbs	podaljševati	verb	slv
rasporediti	verb	hbs	razporediti	verb	slv
oblikovati	verb	hbs	oblikovati	verb	slv
napredovati	verb	hbs	napredovati	verb	slv
rasporediti	verb	hbs	razporediti	verb	slv
nominirati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
kušati	verb	hbs	pokušati	verb	slv
povlačiti	verb	hbs	povleči	verb	slv
falsificirati	verb	hbs	ponarejati	verb	slv
redefinirati	verb	hbs	spremeniti	verb	slv
verificirati	verb	hbs	overiti	verb	slv
vaspitati	verb	hbs	izučiti	verb	slv
duplicirati	verb	hbs	kopirati	verb	slv
ugroziti	verb	hbs	ogroziti	verb	slv
prodiskutirati	verb	hbs	predebatirati	verb	slv
inzistirati	verb	hbs	vztrajati	verb	slv
finalizirati	verb	hbs	dokončati	verb	slv
prakticirati	verb	hbs	prakticirati	verb	slv
inicirati	verb	hbs	inicirati	verb	slv
inzistirati	verb	hbs	vztrajati	verb	slv
činiti	verb	hbs	tvoriti	verb	slv
činiti	verb	hbs	opraviti	verb	slv
finalizirati	verb	hbs	dokončati	verb	slv
začuti	verb	hbs	zaslišati	verb	slv
koštati	verb	hbs	veljati	verb	slv
razgledati	verb	hbs	razgledati	verb	slv
skidati	verb	hbs	skidati	verb	slv
povlačiti	verb	hbs	vlačiti	verb	slv
imenovati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
učestvovati	verb	hbs	sodelovati	verb	slv
silovati	verb	hbs	posiliti	verb	slv
obrazovati	verb	hbs	šolati	verb	slv
falsifikovati	verb	hbs	ponarejati	verb	slv
finalizovati	verb	hbs	dokončati	verb	slv
nominovati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
vezati	verb	hbs	spojiti	verb	slv
ekstradirati	verb	hbs	izročiti	verb	slv
konfiscirati	verb	hbs	zapleniti	verb	slv
odvojiti	verb	hbs	razgledati	verb	slv
prodiskutirati	verb	hbs	podaljševati	verb	slv
rasporediti	verb	hbs	razporediti	verb	slv
oblikovati	verb	hbs	oblikovati	verb	slv
napredovati	verb	hbs	napredovati	verb	slv
rasporediti	verb	hbs	razporediti	verb	slv
nominirati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
kušati	verb	hbs	pokušati	verb	slv
povlačiti	verb	hbs	povleči	verb	slv
falsificirati	verb	hbs	ponarejati	verb	slv
redefinirati	verb	hbs	spremeniti	verb	slv
verificirati	verb	hbs	overiti	verb	slv
vaspitati	verb	hbs	izučiti	verb	slv
duplicirati	verb	hbs	kopirati	verb	slv
ugroziti	verb	hbs	ogroziti	verb	slv
prodiskutirati	verb	hbs	predebatirati	verb	slv
inzistirati	verb	hbs	vztrajati	verb	slv
finalizirati	verb	hbs	dokončati	verb	slv
prakticirati	verb	hbs	prakticirati	verb	slv
inicirati	verb	hbs	inicirati	verb	slv
inzistirati	verb	hbs	vztrajati	verb	slv
činiti	verb	hbs	tvoriti	verb	slv
finalizirati	verb	hbs	dokončati	verb	slv
koštati	verb	hbs	veljati	verb	slv
razgledati	verb	hbs	razgledati	verb	slv
skidati	verb	hbs	skidati	verb	slv
dominirati	verb	hbs	dominirati	verb	slv
dominirati	verb	hbs	dominirati	verb	slv
lobirati	verb	hbs	lobirati	verb	slv
lobirati	verb	hbs	lobirati	verb	slv
sniziti	verb	hbs	znižati	verb	slv
sniziti	verb	hbs	znižati	verb	slv
kontrolirati	verb	hbs	kontrolirati	verb	slv
kontrolirati	verb	hbs	kontrolirati	verb	slv
bojkotirati	verb	hbs	bojkotirati	verb	slv
bojkotirati	verb	hbs	bojkotirati	verb	slv
eliminirati	verb	hbs	eliminirati	verb	slv
eliminirati	verb	hbs	eliminirati	verb	slv
koordinirati	verb	hbs	koordinirati	verb	slv
koordinirati	verb	hbs	koordinirati	verb	slv
tolerirati	verb	hbs	tolerirati	verb	slv
tolerirati	verb	hbs	tolerirati	verb	slv
identificirati	verb	hbs	identificirati	verb	slv
identificirati	verb	hbs	identificirati	verb	slv
negirati	verb	hbs	negirati	verb	slv
negirati	verb	hbs	negirati	verb	slv
organizirati	verb	hbs	organizirati	verb	slv
organizirati	verb	hbs	organizirati	verb	slv
blokirati	verb	hbs	blokirati	verb	slv
blokirati	verb	hbs	blokirati	verb	slv
definirati	verb	hbs	definirati	verb	slv
definirati	verb	hbs	definirati	verb	slv
eliminisati	verb	hbs	eliminirati	verb	slv
eliminisati	verb	hbs	eliminirati	verb	slv
koordinisati	verb	hbs	koordinirati	verb	slv
koordinisati	verb	hbs	koordinirati	verb	slv
tolerisati	verb	hbs	tolerirati	verb	slv
tolerisati	verb	hbs	tolerirati	verb	slv
definisati	verb	hbs	definirati	verb	slv
definisati	verb	hbs	definirati	verb	slv
realizovati	verb	hbs	realizirati	verb	slv
realizovati	verb	hbs	realizirati	verb	slv
identifikovati	verb	hbs	identificirati	verb	slv
identifikovati	verb	hbs	identificirati	verb	slv
savjetovati	verb	hbs	svetovati	verb	slv
savjetovati	verb	hbs	svetovati	verb	slv
savjetovati	verb	hbs	posvetovati	verb	slv
žrtvovati	verb	hbs	žrtvovati	verb	slv
žrtvovati	verb	hbs	žrtvovati	verb	slv
organizovati	verb	hbs	organizirati	verb	slv
organizovati	verb	hbs	organizirati	verb	slv
realizirati	verb	hbs	realizirati	verb	slv
realizirati	verb	hbs	realizirati	verb	slv
citirati	verb	hbs	citirati	verb	slv
citirati	verb	hbs	citirati	verb	slv
citirati	verb	hbs	navajati	verb	slv
citirati	verb	hbs	navajati	verb	slv
protestirati	verb	hbs	protestirati	verb	slv
protestirati	verb	hbs	protestirati	verb	slv
eksplodirati	verb	hbs	eksplodirati	verb	slv
eksplodirati	verb	hbs	eksplodirati	verb	slv
krunisati	verb	hbs	kronati	verb	slv
krunisati	verb	hbs	kronati	verb	slv
odlikovati	verb	hbs	odlikovati	verb	slv
odlikovati	verb	hbs	odlikovati	verb	slv
linčovati	verb	hbs	linčati	verb	slv
linčovati	verb	hbs	linčati	verb	slv
garantirati	verb	hbs	jamčiti	verb	slv
garantirati	verb	hbs	jamčiti	verb	slv
dezorganizirati	verb	hbs	dezorganizirati	verb	slv
dezorganizirati	verb	hbs	dezorganizirati	verb	slv
regulirati	verb	hbs	regulirati	verb	slv
regulirati	verb	hbs	regulirati	verb	slv
bazirati	verb	hbs	bazirati	verb	slv
bazirati	verb	hbs	bazirati	verb	slv
emitirati	verb	hbs	emitirati	verb	slv
emitirati	verb	hbs	emitirati	verb	slv
publicirati	verb	hbs	publicirati	verb	slv
publicirati	verb	hbs	publicirati	verb	slv
regulisati	verb	hbs	regulirati	verb	slv
regulisati	verb	hbs	regulirati	verb	slv
kompletirati	verb	hbs	kompletirati	verb	slv
kompletirati	verb	hbs	kompletirati	verb	slv
kvalifikovati	verb	hbs	kvalificirati	verb	slv
kvalifikovati	verb	hbs	kvalificirati	verb	slv
diskvalifikovati	verb	hbs	diskvalificirati	verb	slv
diskvalifikovati	verb	hbs	diskvalificirati	verb	slv
garantovati	verb	hbs	garantirati	verb	slv
garantovati	verb	hbs	garantirati	verb	slv
harmonizirati	verb	hbs	harmonizirati	verb	slv
harmonizirati	verb	hbs	harmonizirati	verb	slv
donirati	verb	hbs	donirati	verb	slv
donirati	verb	hbs	donirati	verb	slv
apelirati	verb	hbs	apelirati	verb	slv
apelirati	verb	hbs	apelirati	verb	slv
rangirati	verb	hbs	rangirati	verb	slv
rangirati	verb	hbs	rangirati	verb	slv
ratificirati	verb	hbs	ratificirati	verb	slv
ratificirati	verb	hbs	ratificirati	verb	slv
financirati	verb	hbs	financirati	verb	slv
financirati	verb	hbs	financirati	verb	slv
fokusirati	verb	hbs	fokusirati	verb	slv
fokusirati	verb	hbs	fokusirati	verb	slv
formirati	verb	hbs	formirati	verb	slv
formirati	verb	hbs	formirati	verb	slv
implementirati	verb	hbs	implementirati	verb	slv
implementirati	verb	hbs	implementirati	verb	slv
modificirati	verb	hbs	modificirati	verb	slv
modificirati	verb	hbs	modificirati	verb	slv
deblokirati	verb	hbs	deblokirati	verb	slv
deblokirati	verb	hbs	deblokirati	verb	slv
reorganizirati	verb	hbs	reorganizirati	verb	slv
reorganizirati	verb	hbs	reorganizirati	verb	slv
reformirati	verb	hbs	reformirati	verb	slv
reformirati	verb	hbs	reformirati	verb	slv
emitovati	verb	hbs	emitirati	verb	slv
emitovati	verb	hbs	emitirati	verb	slv
kvalificirati	verb	hbs	kvalificirati	verb	slv
kvalificirati	verb	hbs	kvalificirati	verb	slv
diskvalificirati	verb	hbs	diskvalificirati	verb	slv
diskvalificirati	verb	hbs	diskvalificirati	verb	slv
informirati	verb	hbs	informirati	verb	slv
informirati	verb	hbs	informirati	verb	slv
kandidirati	verb	hbs	kandidirati	verb	slv
kandidirati	verb	hbs	kandidirati	verb	slv
promovirati	verb	hbs	promovirati	verb	slv
promovirati	verb	hbs	promovirati	verb	slv
ratifikovati	verb	hbs	ratificirati	verb	slv
ratifikovati	verb	hbs	ratificirati	verb	slv
zatalasati	verb	hbs	vzvaloviti	verb	slv
zatalasati	verb	hbs	vzvaloviti	verb	slv
udisati	verb	hbs	vdihavati	verb	slv
udisati	verb	hbs	vdihavati	verb	slv
zakazati	verb	hbs	odpovedati	verb	slv
zakazati	verb	hbs	odpovedati	verb	slv
platiti	verb	hbs	plačati	verb	slv
platiti	verb	hbs	izplačati	verb	slv
platiti	verb	hbs	plačati	verb	slv
dodati	verb	hbs	dodati	verb	slv
dodati	verb	hbs	dodati	verb	slv
pisati	verb	hbs	pisati	verb	slv
pisati	verb	hbs	pisati	verb	slv
čitati	verb	hbs	čitati	verb	slv
čitati	verb	hbs	čitati	verb	slv
grebati	verb	hbs	grebsti	verb	slv
grebati	verb	hbs	grebsti	verb	slv
povraćati	verb	hbs	bruhati	verb	slv
povraćati	verb	hbs	bruhati	verb	slv
pjevati	verb	hbs	prepevati	verb	slv
pjevati	verb	hbs	prepevati	verb	slv
prepisivati	verb	hbs	prepisovati	verb	slv
prepisivati	verb	hbs	prepisovati	verb	slv
loviti	verb	hbs	loviti	verb	slv
loviti	verb	hbs	loviti	verb	slv
plesati	verb	hbs	plesati	verb	slv
plesati	verb	hbs	plesati	verb	slv
mirisati	verb	hbs	vohati	verb	slv
mirisati	verb	hbs	vohati	verb	slv
izjaviti	verb	hbs	izjaviti	verb	slv
izjaviti	verb	hbs	izjaviti	verb	slv
pogoditi	verb	hbs	zadeti	verb	slv
pogoditi	verb	hbs	zadeti	verb	slv
ojačati	verb	hbs	ojačati	verb	slv
ojačati	verb	hbs	ojačati	verb	slv
ojačati	verb	hbs	okrepiti	verb	slv
ojačati	verb	hbs	okrepiti	verb	slv
zboriti	verb	hbs	boriti	verb	slv
zboriti	verb	hbs	boriti	verb	slv
ojačavati	verb	hbs	ojačati	verb	slv
ojačavati	verb	hbs	ojačati	verb	slv
doplaćivati	verb	hbs	doplačati	verb	slv
doplaćivati	verb	hbs	doplačati	verb	slv
plaćati	verb	hbs	plačati	verb	slv
plaćati	verb	hbs	plačati	verb	slv
plaćati	verb	hbs	plačevati	verb	slv
plaćati	verb	hbs	plačevati	verb	slv
odigrati	verb	hbs	igrati	verb	slv
odigrati	verb	hbs	igrati	verb	slv
raditi	verb	hbs	delati	verb	slv
raditi	verb	hbs	delati	verb	slv
govoriti	verb	hbs	govoriti	verb	slv
govoriti	verb	hbs	govoriti	verb	slv
igrati	verb	hbs	igrati	verb	slv
igrati	verb	hbs	igrati	verb	slv
zamrznuti	verb	hbs	zmrzniti	verb	slv
zamrznuti	verb	hbs	zmrzniti	verb	slv
udariti	verb	hbs	udariti	verb	slv
udariti	verb	hbs	udariti	verb	slv
piti	verb	hbs	piti	verb	slv
piti	verb	hbs	piti	verb	slv
svirati	verb	hbs	igrati	verb	slv
svirati	verb	hbs	igrati	verb	slv
plaćati	verb	hbs	plačati	verb	slv
plaćati	verb	hbs	plačati	verb	slv
vaditi	verb	hbs	vaditi	verb	slv
vaditi	verb	hbs	vaditi	verb	slv
usjeći	verb	hbs	usekati	verb	slv
usjeći	verb	hbs	usekati	verb	slv
pasti	verb	hbs	pasti	verb	slv
pasti	verb	hbs	pasti	verb	slv
rizikovati	verb	hbs	riskirati	verb	slv
rizikovati	verb	hbs	riskirati	verb	slv
riskirati	verb	hbs	riskirati	verb	slv
riskirati	verb	hbs	riskirati	verb	slv
dezinformisati	verb	hbs	dezinformirati	verb	slv
dezinformisati	verb	hbs	dezinformirati	verb	slv
dezinformisati	verb	hbs	dezinformirati	verb	slv
dezinformisati	verb	hbs	dezinformirati	verb	slv
parkirati	verb	hbs	parkirati	verb	slv
posredovati	verb	hbs	posredovati	verb	slv
posredovati	verb	hbs	posredovati	verb	slv
investirati	verb	hbs	investirati	verb	slv
investirati	verb	hbs	investirati	verb	slv
investirati	verb	hbs	investirati	verb	slv
investirati	verb	hbs	investirati	verb	slv
razumjeti	verb	hbs	razumeti	verb	slv
razumjeti	verb	hbs	razumeti	verb	slv
razumjeti	verb	hbs	razumeti	verb	slv
razumjeti	verb	hbs	razumeti	verb	slv
razumjeti	verb	hbs	razumeti	verb	slv
razumjeti	verb	hbs	razumeti	verb	slv
kontaktirati	verb	hbs	kontaktirati	verb	slv
kontaktirati	verb	hbs	kontaktirati	verb	slv
komplicirati	verb	hbs	komplicirati	verb	slv
komplicirati	verb	hbs	komplicirati	verb	slv
dezinformirati	verb	hbs	dezinformirati	verb	slv
dezinformirati	verb	hbs	dezinformirati	verb	slv
pričati	verb	hbs	praviti	verb	slv
pričati	verb	hbs	praviti	verb	slv
aplicirati	verb	hbs	aplicirati	verb	slv
aplicirati	verb	hbs	aplicirati	verb	slv
aplicirati	verb	hbs	aplicirati	verb	slv
prezentirati	verb	hbs	prezentirati	verb	slv
prezentirati	verb	hbs	prezentirati	verb	slv
vjerovati	verb	hbs	verjeti	verb	slv
vjerovati	verb	hbs	verjeti	verb	slv
povjerovati	verb	hbs	verjeti	verb	slv
povjerovati	verb	hbs	verjeti	verb	slv
griješiti	verb	hbs	grešiti	verb	slv
griješiti	verb	hbs	grešiti	verb	slv
pomagati	verb	hbs	pomagati	verb	slv
pomagati	verb	hbs	pomagati	verb	slv
trljati	verb	hbs	masirati	verb	slv
trljati	verb	hbs	masirati	verb	slv
čestitati	verb	hbs	čestitati	verb	slv
čestitati	verb	hbs	čestitati	verb	slv
slati	verb	hbs	kandidirati	verb	slv
slati	verb	hbs	kandidirati	verb	slv
buniti	verb	hbs	protestirati	verb	slv
buniti	verb	hbs	protestirati	verb	slv
plaviti	verb	hbs	plaviti	verb	slv
plaviti	verb	hbs	plaviti	verb	slv
masirati	verb	hbs	masirati	verb	slv
masirati	verb	hbs	masirati	verb	slv
masirati	verb	hbs	masirati	verb	slv
masirati	verb	hbs	masirati	verb	slv
prezentirati	verb	hbs	predstaviti	verb	slv
prezentirati	verb	hbs	predstaviti	verb	slv
povezati	verb	hbs	povezati	verb	slv
povezati	verb	hbs	povezati	verb	slv
diskutirati	verb	hbs	razpravljati	verb	slv
diskutirati	verb	hbs	razpravljati	verb	slv
prezentovati	verb	hbs	predstaviti	verb	slv
prezentovati	verb	hbs	predstaviti	verb	slv
rezultirati	verb	hbs	rezultirati	verb	slv
rezultirati	verb	hbs	rezultirati	verb	slv
komandirati	verb	hbs	komandirati	verb	slv
komandirati	verb	hbs	komandirati	verb	slv
nasljeđivati	verb	hbs	dedovati	verb	slv
nasljeđivati	verb	hbs	dedovati	verb	slv
izraziti	verb	hbs	izraziti	verb	slv
izraziti	verb	hbs	izraziti	verb	slv
zadržati	verb	hbs	zadržati	verb	slv
naklanjati	verb	hbs	nagibati	verb	slv
nagledati	verb	hbs	nagledati	verb	slv
izjašnjavati	verb	hbs	izjasniti	verb	slv
pričinjavati	verb	hbs	zamisliti	verb	slv
pojaviti	verb	hbs	pojaviti	verb	slv
izjasniti	verb	hbs	izjasniti	verb	slv
osmjeljivati	verb	hbs	opogumiti	verb	slv
opredijeliti	verb	hbs	opredeliti	verb	slv
sastati	verb	hbs	sestati	verb	slv
odreći	verb	hbs	odrekati	verb	slv
odricati	verb	hbs	odrekati	verb	slv
raspasti	verb	hbs	razpasti	verb	slv
spasavati	verb	hbs	rešiti	verb	slv
izvinjavati	verb	hbs	odpustiti	verb	slv
boriti	verb	hbs	boriti	verb	slv
dogoditi	verb	hbs	zgoditi	verb	slv
ogledavati	verb	hbs	ogledovati	verb	slv
nadmetati	verb	hbs	tekmovati	verb	slv
opredjeljivati	verb	hbs	opredeljevati	verb	slv
bližiti	verb	hbs	približevati	verb	slv
samozaštititi	verb	hbs	zaščititi	verb	slv
samozaštitjeti	verb	hbs	zaščititi	verb	slv
pobratimiti	verb	hbs	pobratiti	verb	slv
protiviti	verb	hbs	protestirati	verb	slv
protiviti	verb	hbs	protestirati	verb	slv
svađati	verb	hbs	kregati	verb	slv
nadati	verb	hbs	upati	verb	slv
penjati	verb	hbs	plezati	verb	slv
događati	verb	hbs	dogajati	verb	slv
osvrtati	verb	hbs	ozirati	verb	slv
ispričavati	verb	hbs	odpuščati	verb	slv
pojavljivati	verb	hbs	pojavljati	verb	slv
zbivati	verb	hbs	dogajati	verb	slv
pokajati	verb	hbs	kesati	verb	slv
oporavljati	verb	hbs	popravljati	verb	slv
načekati	verb	hbs	načakati	verb	slv
suočavati	verb	hbs	soočiti	verb	slv
pojesti	verb	hbs	pojesti	verb	slv
vidjeti	verb	hbs	videti	verb	slv
pitati	verb	hbs	vprašati	verb	slv
svađati	verb	hbs	prepirati	verb	slv
oporavljati	verb	hbs	popravljati	verb	slv
smjeati	verb	hbs	smejati	verb	slv
smješkati	verb	hbs	smejati	verb	slv
zadržati	verb	hbs	zadržati	verb	slv
nagledati	verb	hbs	razgledati	verb	slv
načekati	verb	hbs	načakati	verb	slv
penjati	verb	hbs	plezati	verb	slv
zbivati	verb	hbs	dogajati	verb	slv
opredjeljivati	verb	hbs	opredeljevati	verb	slv
događati	verb	hbs	dogajati	verb	slv
sastati	verb	hbs	sestati	verb	slv
sastojati	verb	hbs	sestavljati	verb	slv
osvrtati	verb	hbs	ozirati	verb	slv
opredijeliti	verb	hbs	opredeliti	verb	slv
raspasti	verb	hbs	razpasti	verb	slv
spasavati	verb	hbs	reševati	verb	slv
ispričavati	verb	hbs	opravičevati	verb	slv
ogledavati	verb	hbs	ogledovati	verb	slv
izjašnjavati	verb	hbs	pojasnjevati	verb	slv
pričinjavati	verb	hbs	dozdevati	verb	slv
pojavljivati	verb	hbs	pojavljati	verb	slv
osmjeljivati	verb	hbs	ohrabriti	verb	slv
oduživati	verb	hbs	oddolžiti	verb	slv
odreći	verb	hbs	odreči	verb	slv
odricati	verb	hbs	odrekati	verb	slv
dogoditi	verb	hbs	dogoditi	verb	slv
protiviti	verb	hbs	nasprotovati	verb	slv
pojaviti	verb	hbs	pojaviti	verb	slv
izjasniti	verb	hbs	izjasniti	verb	slv
pobratimiti	verb	hbs	pobratiti	verb	slv
boriti	verb	hbs	boriti	verb	slv
bližiti	verb	hbs	bližati	verb	slv
nadmetati	verb	hbs	boriti	verb	slv
pokajati	verb	hbs	skesati	verb	slv
naklanjati	verb	hbs	podvreči	verb	slv
izvinjavati	verb	hbs	oproščati	verb	slv
razumijeti	verb	hbs	razumeti	verb	slv
razumijeti	verb	hbs	razumeti	verb	slv
zvati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
biti	verb	hbs	biti	verb	slv
koristiti	verb	hbs	koristiti	verb	slv
sjetiti	verb	hbs	spomniti	verb	slv
pokupiti	verb	hbs	pobrati	verb	slv
suprotstaviti	verb	hbs	nasprotovati	verb	slv
ugroziti	verb	hbs	groziti	verb	slv
ugroziti	verb	hbs	ogroziti	verb	slv
udariti	verb	hbs	udariti	verb	slv
učiti	verb	hbs	učiti	verb	slv
povlačiti	verb	hbs	vlačiti	verb	slv
povlačiti	verb	hbs	povleči	verb	slv
predavati	verb	hbs	predavati	verb	slv
kažnjavati	verb	hbs	kaznovati	verb	slv
uznemiravati	verb	hbs	vznemirjati	verb	slv
ubeđivati	verb	hbs	prepričevati	verb	slv
okrunjivati	verb	hbs	kronati	verb	slv
posvećivati	verb	hbs	posvetiti	verb	slv
posluživati	verb	hbs	servirati	verb	slv
učvršćivati	verb	hbs	fiksirati	verb	slv
pothranjivati	verb	hbs	stradati	verb	slv
pretplaćivati	verb	hbs	abonirati	verb	slv
imenovati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
imenovati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
organizovati	verb	hbs	organizirati	verb	slv
organizovati	verb	hbs	organizirati	verb	slv
nominovati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
nominovati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
oblikovati	verb	hbs	oblikovati	verb	slv
oblikovati	verb	hbs	oblikovati	verb	slv
obrazovati	verb	hbs	šolati	verb	slv
obrazovati	verb	hbs	šolati	verb	slv
odlikovati	verb	hbs	odlikovati	verb	slv
odlikovati	verb	hbs	odlikovati	verb	slv
zatvarati	verb	hbs	zapirati	verb	slv
rasporediti	verb	hbs	razporediti	verb	slv
buditi	verb	hbs	buditi	verb	slv
probuditi	verb	hbs	prebuditi	verb	slv
pomoći	verb	hbs	pomagati	verb	slv
mirisati	verb	hbs	vohati	verb	slv
okretati	verb	hbs	obračati	verb	slv
vaspitati	verb	hbs	izučiti	verb	slv
vaspitati	verb	hbs	izučiti	verb	slv
obraćati	verb	hbs	ogovarjati	verb	slv
obraćati	verb	hbs	obračati	verb	slv
skidati	verb	hbs	skidati	verb	slv
uzimati	verb	hbs	jemati	verb	slv
igrati	verb	hbs	igrati	verb	slv
ugledati	verb	hbs	ugledati	verb	slv
ojačati	verb	hbs	ojačati	verb	slv
spuštati	verb	hbs	spuščati	verb	slv
definisati	verb	hbs	definirati	verb	slv
definisati	verb	hbs	definirati	verb	slv
krunisati	verb	hbs	kronati	verb	slv
krunisati	verb	hbs	kronati	verb	slv
zatalasati	verb	hbs	vzvaloviti	verb	slv
kontrolisati	verb	hbs	kontrolirati	verb	slv
eliminisati	verb	hbs	eliminirati	verb	slv
eliminisati	verb	hbs	eliminirati	verb	slv
regulisati	verb	hbs	regulirati	verb	slv
regulisati	verb	hbs	regulirati	verb	slv
reformisati	verb	hbs	reformirati	verb	slv
koordinisati	verb	hbs	koordinirati	verb	slv
koordinisati	verb	hbs	koordinirati	verb	slv
iskazati	verb	hbs	izkazati	verb	slv
vezati	verb	hbs	spojiti	verb	slv
vezati	verb	hbs	spojiti	verb	slv
blokirati	verb	hbs	blokirati	verb	slv
blokirati	verb	hbs	blokirati	verb	slv
iskrcati	verb	hbs	izkrcati	verb	slv
definirati	verb	hbs	definirati	verb	slv
definirati	verb	hbs	definirati	verb	slv
ukrcati	verb	hbs	vkrcati	verb	slv
diskvalifikovati	verb	hbs	diskvalificirati	verb	slv
diskvalifikovati	verb	hbs	diskvalificirati	verb	slv
realizovati	verb	hbs	realizirati	verb	slv
realizovati	verb	hbs	realizirati	verb	slv
potpomoći	verb	hbs	pomagati	verb	slv
dići	verb	hbs	dvigniti	verb	slv
kvalifikovati	verb	hbs	kvalificirati	verb	slv
identifikovati	verb	hbs	identificirati	verb	slv
identifikovati	verb	hbs	identificirati	verb	slv
kvalifikovati	verb	hbs	kvalificirati	verb	slv
posavjetovati	verb	hbs	svetovati	verb	slv
savjetovati	verb	hbs	svetovati	verb	slv
modificirati	verb	hbs	modificirati	verb	slv
modificirati	verb	hbs	modificirati	verb	slv
kvalificirati	verb	hbs	kvalificirati	verb	slv
kvalificirati	verb	hbs	kvalificirati	verb	slv
identificirati	verb	hbs	identificirati	verb	slv
identificirati	verb	hbs	identificirati	verb	slv
diskvalificirati	verb	hbs	diskvalificirati	verb	slv
diskvalificirati	verb	hbs	diskvalificirati	verb	slv
redefinirati	verb	hbs	spremeniti	verb	slv
redefinirati	verb	hbs	spremeniti	verb	slv
reorganizirati	verb	hbs	reorganizirati	verb	slv
reorganizirati	verb	hbs	reorganizirati	verb	slv
dezorganizirati	verb	hbs	dezorganizirati	verb	slv
dezorganizirati	verb	hbs	dezorganizirati	verb	slv
kontrolirati	verb	hbs	kontrolirati	verb	slv
kontrolirati	verb	hbs	kontrolirati	verb	slv
koordinirati	verb	hbs	koordinirati	verb	slv
koordinirati	verb	hbs	koordinirati	verb	slv
fokusirati	verb	hbs	fokusirati	verb	slv
fokusirati	verb	hbs	fokusirati	verb	slv
citirati	verb	hbs	citirati	verb	slv
citirati	verb	hbs	citirati	verb	slv
formirati	verb	hbs	formirati	verb	slv
formirati	verb	hbs	formirati	verb	slv
nominirati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
kandidirati	verb	hbs	kandidirati	verb	slv
negirati	verb	hbs	negirati	verb	slv
negirati	verb	hbs	negirati	verb	slv
organizirati	verb	hbs	organizirati	verb	slv
organizirati	verb	hbs	organizirati	verb	slv
kandidirati	verb	hbs	kandidirati	verb	slv
informirati	verb	hbs	informirati	verb	slv
informirati	verb	hbs	informirati	verb	slv
sniziti	verb	hbs	znižati	verb	slv
kazniti	verb	hbs	kaznovati	verb	slv
izvlačiti	verb	hbs	izvlačiti	verb	slv
odvlačiti	verb	hbs	oddaljiti	verb	slv
uvažiti	verb	hbs	upoštevati	verb	slv
opslužiti	verb	hbs	servirati	verb	slv
odvojiti	verb	hbs	ločiti	verb	slv
odvojiti	verb	hbs	razgledati	verb	slv
požuriti	verb	hbs	pohiteti	verb	slv
povlačiti	verb	hbs	vlačiti	verb	slv
povlačiti	verb	hbs	povleči	verb	slv
okrenuti	verb	hbs	preobrniti	verb	slv
podmetati	verb	hbs	podmetati	verb	slv
inicirati	verb	hbs	inicirati	verb	slv
harmonizirati	verb	hbs	harmonizirati	verb	slv
okarakterizirati	verb	hbs	karakterizirati	verb	slv
svoditi	verb	hbs	pasti	verb	slv
zaustaviti	verb	hbs	zaustaviti	verb	slv
poraziti	verb	hbs	poraziti	verb	slv
ugroziti	verb	hbs	groziti	verb	slv
ugroziti	verb	hbs	ogroziti	verb	slv
bazirati	verb	hbs	bazirati	verb	slv
realizirati	verb	hbs	realizirati	verb	slv
realizirati	verb	hbs	realizirati	verb	slv
bazirati	verb	hbs	bazirati	verb	slv
savjetovati	verb	hbs	svetovati	verb	slv
držati	verb	hbs	držati	verb	slv
napeći	verb	hbs	napeči	verb	slv
opeći	verb	hbs	opeči	verb	slv
zateći	verb	hbs	zateči	verb	slv
potući	verb	hbs	potepsti	verb	slv
dovući	verb	hbs	zvleči	verb	slv
izvući	verb	hbs	izpuliti	verb	slv
izvući	verb	hbs	izvleči	verb	slv
navući	verb	hbs	navleči	verb	slv
svući	verb	hbs	sleči	verb	slv
zavući	verb	hbs	zavleči	verb	slv
obući	verb	hbs	obleči	verb	slv
preobući	verb	hbs	preobleči	verb	slv
posjeći	verb	hbs	posekati	verb	slv
usjeći	verb	hbs	usekati	verb	slv
zabuljiti	verb	hbs	zabuljiti	verb	slv
dizati	verb	hbs	vzdigovati	verb	slv
baviti	verb	hbs	ukvarjati	verb	slv
glasati	verb	hbs	glasovati	verb	slv
prostirati	verb	hbs	razprostirati	verb	slv
bojati	verb	hbs	barvati	verb	slv
spomenuti	verb	hbs	omeniti	verb	slv
činiti	verb	hbs	tvoriti	verb	slv
žrtvovati	verb	hbs	žrtvovati	verb	slv
žrtvovati	verb	hbs	žrtvovati	verb	slv
činiti	verb	hbs	tvoriti	verb	slv
masirati	verb	hbs	masirati	verb	slv
trljati	verb	hbs	masirati	verb	slv
harmonizirati	verb	hbs	harmonizirati	verb	slv
dezinformirati	verb	hbs	dezinformirati	verb	slv
dezinformirati	verb	hbs	dezinformirati	verb	slv
inicirati	verb	hbs	inicirati	verb	slv
nominirati	verb	hbs	imenovati	verb	slv
dezinformisati	verb	hbs	dezinformirati	verb	slv
dezinformisati	verb	hbs	dezinformirati	verb	slv
razići	verb	hbs	raziti	verb	slv
razići	verb	hbs	raziti	verb	slv
snaći	verb	hbs	znajti	verb	slv
Delmat	noun	hbs	Delmat	noun	slv
Japod	noun	hbs	Japod	noun	slv
Skordisk	noun	hbs	Skordisk	noun	slv
Taurisk	noun	hbs	Taurisk	noun	slv
Skordisk	noun	hbs	Skordisk	noun	slv
koncept	noun	hbs	koncept	noun	slv
Taurisk	noun	hbs	Taurisk	noun	slv
Histri	noun	hbs	Histri	noun	slv
Ardijejac	noun	hbs	Ardijejac	noun	slv
Čeh	noun	hbs	Čeh	noun	slv
Čehinja	noun	hbs	Čehinja	noun	slv
Delmat	noun	hbs	Delmat	noun	slv
Španac	noun	hbs	Španec	noun	slv
Španjolac	noun	hbs	Španec	noun	slv
Švicarac	noun	hbs	Švicar	noun	slv
Švajcarac	noun	hbs	Švicar	noun	slv
Šved	noun	hbs	Šved	noun	slv
Židov	noun	hbs	Žid	noun	slv
Židovka	noun	hbs	Židinja	noun	slv
Jevrej	noun	hbs	Žid	noun	slv
Jevrejka	noun	hbs	Židinja	noun	slv
Šveđan	noun	hbs	Šved	noun	slv
Šveđanin	noun	hbs	Šved	noun	slv
Štajerac	noun	hbs	Štajerec	noun	slv
Štajerka	noun	hbs	Štajerka	noun	slv
Ilir	noun	hbs	Ilir	noun	slv
impresso	noun	hbs	impresso	noun	slv
žig	noun	hbs	žig	noun	slv
živahnost	noun	hbs	živahnost	noun	slv
kvota	noun	hbs	kvota	noun	slv
toplota	noun	hbs	toplota	noun	slv
pozadina	noun	hbs	ozadje	noun	slv
terapija	noun	hbs	zdravljenje	noun	slv
specifikacija	noun	hbs	specifikacija	noun	slv
gradina	noun	hbs	gradina	noun	slv
tarifa	noun	hbs	tarifa	noun	slv
tunjevina	noun	hbs	tuna	noun	slv
lemb	noun	hbs	lemb	noun	slv
lembkinja	noun	hbs	lemb	noun	slv
liburn	noun	hbs	liburn	noun	slv
liburnkinja	noun	hbs	liburn	noun	slv
Velika Gorica	properNoun	hbs	Velika Gorica	noun	slv
Ujedinjeni narodi	properNoun	hbs	Združen narod	properNoun	slv
lađa	noun	hbs	ladja	noun	slv
popis	noun	hbs	popis	noun	slv
opis	noun	hbs	opis	noun	slv
kompromis	noun	hbs	kompromis	noun	slv
Rimljan	noun	hbs	Rimljan	noun	slv
gusarenje	noun	hbs	gusarjenje	noun	slv
pojednostavljenje	noun	hbs	poenostavitev	noun	slv
žara	noun	hbs	žara	noun	slv
priobalje	noun	hbs	obala	noun	slv
dolina	noun	hbs	dolina	noun	slv
pepeo	noun	hbs	pepel	noun	slv
obim	noun	hbs	obseg	noun	slv
milion	noun	hbs	milion	noun	slv
milion	noun	hbs	milijon	noun	slv
milijun	noun	hbs	milijon	noun	slv
milijarda	noun	hbs	milijarda	noun	slv
nalaz	noun	hbs	najdba	noun	slv
tvrđenje	noun	hbs	strjevanje	noun	slv
pakiranje	noun	hbs	embalaža	noun	slv
pakiranje	noun	hbs	pakiranje	noun	slv
uzorkovanje	noun	hbs	vzorčenje	noun	slv
lijevanje	noun	hbs	vlivanje	noun	slv
odlučivanje	noun	hbs	odločanje	noun	slv
upućivanje	noun	hbs	sklicevanje	noun	slv
suodlučivanje	noun	hbs	soodločanje	noun	slv
kalup	noun	hbs	kalup	noun	slv
golubica	noun	hbs	golobica	noun	slv
puž	noun	hbs	polž	noun	slv
jama	noun	hbs	jama	noun	slv
rečenica	noun	hbs	stavek	noun	slv
otisak	noun	hbs	odtis	noun	slv
rak	noun	hbs	rak	noun	slv
signal	noun	hbs	odtis	noun	slv
signal	noun	hbs	signal	noun	slv
privatnost	noun	hbs	zasebnost	noun	slv
krepost	noun	hbs	krepost	noun	slv
čednost	noun	hbs	čednost	noun	slv
čeljust	noun	hbs	čeljust	noun	slv
hrid	noun	hbs	čer	noun	slv
četa	noun	hbs	četa	noun	slv
tromjesečje	noun	hbs	četrtletje	noun	slv
kvartal	noun	hbs	četrtletje	noun	slv
nositelj	noun	hbs	nosilec	noun	slv
postolar	noun	hbs	čevljar	noun	slv
podnositelj	noun	hbs	vlagatelj	noun	slv
podnositelj	noun	hbs	prosilec	noun	slv
ratar	noun	hbs	poljedelec	noun	slv
rulja	noun	hbs	truma	noun	slv
ćipka	noun	hbs	čipka	noun	slv
blažilo	noun	hbs	blažilo	noun	slv
nizina	noun	hbs	nižina	noun	slv
pračovjek	noun	hbs	pračlovek	noun	slv
oruđe	noun	hbs	orodje	noun	slv
brdo	noun	hbs	hrib	noun	slv
ostatak	noun	hbs	počitek	noun	slv
ostatak	noun	hbs	ostanek	noun	slv
doba	noun	hbs	doba	noun	slv
indikator	noun	hbs	kazalnik	noun	slv
nalazište	noun	hbs	nahajališče	noun	slv
sklonište	noun	hbs	kritje	noun	slv
pećina	noun	hbs	pečina	noun	slv
predmet	noun	hbs	predmet	noun	slv
čistač	noun	hbs	čistilo	noun	slv
čistka	noun	hbs	čistka	noun	slv
čistoća	noun	hbs	čistost	noun	slv
čokolada	noun	hbs	čokolada	noun	slv
napoj	noun	hbs	čobodra	noun	slv
čovječnost	noun	hbs	človečnost	noun	slv
čovječuljak	noun	hbs	človeček	noun	slv
središte	noun	hbs	središče	noun	slv
ishodište	noun	hbs	izhodišče	noun	slv
položaj	noun	hbs	stališče	noun	slv
ustroj	noun	hbs	ustroj	noun	slv
kreda	noun	hbs	črtalo	noun	slv
dišni organ	noun	hbs	dihalo	noun	slv
pokretač	noun	hbs	gibalo	noun	slv
govorni organ	noun	hbs	govorilo	noun	slv
kormilo	noun	hbs	krmilo	noun	slv
nosila	noun	hbs	nosilo	noun	slv
onostrano	noun	hbs	onostranstvo	noun	slv
slovenstvo	noun	hbs	slovenstvo	noun	slv
birokratija	noun	hbs	birokracija	noun	slv
birokracija	noun	hbs	birokracija	noun	slv
buva	noun	hbs	bolha	noun	slv
buha	noun	hbs	bolha	noun	slv
porez	noun	hbs	davščina	noun	slv
novčarka	noun	hbs	denarnica	noun	slv
lisnica	noun	hbs	denarnica	noun	slv
diplomacija	noun	hbs	diplomacija	noun	slv
diplomatija	noun	hbs	diplomacija	noun	slv
gesta	noun	hbs	gesta	noun	slv
kućanica	noun	hbs	gospodinja	noun	slv
kralješnica	noun	hbs	hrbtenica	noun	slv
kralješnica	noun	hbs	hrbtenica	noun	slv
leđna moždina	noun	hbs	hrbtenjača	noun	slv
kičmena moždina	noun	hbs	hrbtenjača	noun	slv
žitnica	noun	hbs	kašča	noun	slv
kavana	noun	hbs	kavarna	noun	slv
kafana	noun	hbs	kavarna	noun	slv
pravednik	noun	hbs	pravičnik	noun	slv
izvoznik	noun	hbs	izvoznik	noun	slv
rukavica	noun	hbs	rokavica	noun	slv
tematika	noun	hbs	tematika	noun	slv
pokretač	noun	hbs	pobudnik	noun	slv
izrod	noun	hbs	zaploditev	noun	slv
jarac	noun	hbs	kozel	noun	slv
orao	noun	hbs	orel	noun	slv
magarac	noun	hbs	osel	noun	slv
glasnik	noun	hbs	sel	noun	slv
lebac	noun	hbs	hlebec	noun	slv
hljebac	noun	hbs	hlebec	noun	slv
brojač	noun	hbs	števec	noun	slv
kanta	noun	hbs	zaboj	noun	slv
kanta	noun	hbs	škaf	noun	slv
komponenta	noun	hbs	komponenta	noun	slv
porez	noun	hbs	davek	noun	slv
izrod	noun	hbs	izrodek	noun	slv
naglasak	noun	hbs	poudarek	noun	slv
pljesak	noun	hbs	aplavz	noun	slv
utisak	noun	hbs	vtis	noun	slv
upala	noun	hbs	vnetje	noun	slv
nebriga	noun	hbs	brezskrbnost	noun	slv
sukladnost	noun	hbs	skladnost	noun	slv
vjerodostojnost	noun	hbs	verodostojnost	noun	slv
kohezija	noun	hbs	kohezija	noun	slv
kreda	noun	hbs	kreda	noun	slv
glasnik	noun	hbs	glasnik	noun	slv
glasnik	noun	hbs	glasnik	noun	slv
glava	noun	hbs	glava	noun	slv
godina	noun	hbs	leto	noun	slv
dijete	noun	hbs	otrok	noun	slv
dječak	noun	hbs	deček	noun	slv
djevojčica	noun	hbs	deklica	noun	slv
drvo	noun	hbs	drevo	noun	slv
vrijeme	noun	hbs	čas	noun	slv
vrijeme	noun	hbs	vreme	noun	slv
voda	noun	hbs	voda	noun	slv
mačka	noun	hbs	mačka	noun	slv
vrt	noun	hbs	vrt	noun	slv
kuća	noun	hbs	hiša	noun	slv
sestra	noun	hbs	sestra	noun	slv
igra	noun	hbs	igra	noun	slv
čovjek	noun	hbs	človek	noun	slv
ptica	noun	hbs	ptica	noun	slv
ruka	noun	hbs	roka	noun	slv
majka	noun	hbs	mati	noun	slv
prozor	noun	hbs	okno	noun	slv
brojanje	noun	hbs	štetje	noun	slv
odgovor	noun	hbs	odgovor	noun	slv
pitanje	noun	hbs	vprašanje	noun	slv
stol	noun	hbs	miza	noun	slv
stolac	noun	hbs	stol	noun	slv
zvuk	noun	hbs	zvok	noun	slv
životinja	noun	hbs	žival	noun	slv
živost	noun	hbs	živost	noun	slv
životopis	noun	hbs	življenjepis	noun	slv
ručica	noun	hbs	roka	noun	slv
tijelo	noun	hbs	život	noun	slv
životarenje	noun	hbs	životarjenje	noun	slv
žuč	noun	hbs	žolč	noun	slv
žongler	noun	hbs	žongler	noun	slv
žongliranje	noun	hbs	žongliranje	noun	slv
gradonačelnik	noun	hbs	župan	noun	slv
žižak	noun	hbs	žužek	noun	slv
žvakanje	noun	hbs	žvečenje	noun	slv
žveplo	noun	hbs	žveplo	noun	slv
zvižduk	noun	hbs	žvižg	noun	slv
zviždukanje	noun	hbs	žvižganje	noun	slv
slabost	noun	hbs	šibkost	noun	slv
šipak	noun	hbs	šipek	noun	slv
širina	noun	hbs	širina	noun	slv
padobran	noun	hbs	padalo	noun	slv
upis	noun	hbs	vpis	noun	slv
savez	noun	hbs	zveza	noun	slv
savez	noun	hbs	zavezništvo	noun	slv
savez	noun	hbs	pakt	noun	slv
fond	noun	hbs	sklad	noun	slv
procjep	noun	hbs	vrzel	noun	slv
sukob	noun	hbs	konflikt	noun	slv
sukob	noun	hbs	nasprotje	noun	slv
kamion	noun	hbs	tovornjak	noun	slv
prijem	noun	hbs	sprejem	noun	slv
sud	noun	hbs	sodišče	noun	slv
sastav	noun	hbs	sestava	noun	slv
automobil	noun	hbs	avto	noun	slv
automobil	noun	hbs	avtomobil	noun	slv
kola	noun	hbs	avto	noun	slv
potpis	noun	hbs	podpis	noun	slv
prijenos	noun	hbs	prenos	noun	slv
servis	noun	hbs	storitev	noun	slv
angažman	noun	hbs	angažiranje	noun	slv
izvor	noun	hbs	vir	noun	slv
period	noun	hbs	perioda	noun	slv
odnos	noun	hbs	odnos	noun	slv
progon	noun	hbs	preganjanje	noun	slv
prosperitet	noun	hbs	blaginja	noun	slv
tovar	noun	hbs	tovor	noun	slv
rat	noun	hbs	vojna	noun	slv
pad	noun	hbs	padec	noun	slv
tekst	noun	hbs	besedilo	noun	slv
ispit	noun	hbs	izpit	noun	slv
odnos	noun	hbs	razmerje	noun	slv
posao	noun	hbs	delo	noun	slv
posao	noun	hbs	posel	noun	slv
smisao	noun	hbs	pomen	noun	slv
smisao	noun	hbs	smisel	noun	slv
dio	noun	hbs	del	noun	slv
plan	noun	hbs	načrt	noun	slv
sjever	noun	hbs	sever	noun	slv
istok	noun	hbs	vzhod	noun	slv
zapad	noun	hbs	zahod	noun	slv
smjer	noun	hbs	smer	noun	slv
stan	noun	hbs	stanovanje	noun	slv
broj	noun	hbs	številka	noun	slv
kurs	noun	hbs	tečaj	noun	slv
mraz	noun	hbs	zmrzal	noun	slv
strah	noun	hbs	strah	noun	slv
niz	noun	hbs	niz	noun	slv
štab	noun	hbs	štab	noun	slv
prijelom	noun	hbs	zlom	noun	slv
viza	noun	hbs	zlom	noun	slv
kolovoz	noun	hbs	avgust	noun	slv
izvoz	noun	hbs	izvoz	noun	slv
uvoz	noun	hbs	uvoz	noun	slv
avion	noun	hbs	letalo	noun	slv
general	noun	hbs	general	noun	slv
brod	noun	hbs	ladja	noun	slv
pratitelj	noun	hbs	spremljevalec	noun	slv
staratelj	noun	hbs	varuh	noun	slv
prijedlog	noun	hbs	predlog	noun	slv
prilog	noun	hbs	prispevek	noun	slv
okrug	noun	hbs	okrožje	noun	slv
uteg	noun	hbs	utež	noun	slv
teg	noun	hbs	teža	noun	slv
dijalog	noun	hbs	dialog	noun	slv
razlog	noun	hbs	razlog	noun	slv
znak	noun	hbs	znak	noun	slv
brijeg	noun	hbs	hrib	noun	slv
muž	noun	hbs	mož	noun	slv
učenik	noun	hbs	študent	noun	slv
uvoznik	noun	hbs	uvoznik	noun	slv
zaposlenik	noun	hbs	uslužbenec	noun	slv
korisnik	noun	hbs	uporabnik	noun	slv
korisnik	noun	hbs	upravičenec	noun	slv
pripadnik	noun	hbs	član	noun	slv
vojnik	noun	hbs	vojak	noun	slv
dužnosnik	noun	hbs	častnik	noun	slv
zvaničnik	noun	hbs	uradnik	noun	slv
službenik	noun	hbs	uradnik	noun	slv
predsjednik	noun	hbs	predsednik	noun	slv
književnik	noun	hbs	pisatelj	noun	slv
pobjednik	noun	hbs	zmagovalec	noun	slv
prethodnik	noun	hbs	predhodnik	noun	slv
protivnik	noun	hbs	nasprotnik	noun	slv
rođak	noun	hbs	sorodnik	noun	slv
igrač	noun	hbs	igralec	noun	slv
vozač	noun	hbs	voznik	noun	slv
car	noun	hbs	cesar	noun	slv
domaćin	noun	hbs	gostitelj	noun	slv
primjer	noun	hbs	primer	noun	slv
primjer	noun	hbs	zgled	noun	slv
manastir	noun	hbs	samostan	noun	slv
otpor	noun	hbs	odpor	noun	slv
narod	noun	hbs	narod	noun	slv
narod	noun	hbs	ljudstvo	noun	slv
prijelaz	noun	hbs	prehod	noun	slv
ulaz	noun	hbs	vhod	noun	slv
računar	noun	hbs	računalnik	noun	slv
student	noun	hbs	študent	noun	slv
gigant	noun	hbs	velikan	noun	slv
pacijent	noun	hbs	bolnik	noun	slv
pacijent	noun	hbs	pacient	noun	slv
pacijentica	noun	hbs	pacient	noun	slv
akcent	noun	hbs	naglas	noun	slv
aspekt	noun	hbs	vidik	noun	slv
akcenat	noun	hbs	naglas	noun	slv
mehanizam	noun	hbs	mehanizem	noun	slv
puritanizam	noun	hbs	puritanizem	noun	slv
osmijeh	noun	hbs	nasmeh	noun	slv
vazduh	noun	hbs	zrak	noun	slv
šampion	noun	hbs	prvak	noun	slv
akter	noun	hbs	igralec	noun	slv
akter	noun	hbs	akter	noun	slv
efekt	noun	hbs	učinek	noun	slv
protukandidat	noun	hbs	tekmec	noun	slv
listopad	noun	hbs	oktober	noun	slv
mart	noun	hbs	marec	noun	slv
jun	noun	hbs	junij	noun	slv
jul	noun	hbs	julij	noun	slv
septembar	noun	hbs	september	noun	slv
centar	noun	hbs	center	noun	slv
oktobar	noun	hbs	oktober	noun	slv
novembar	noun	hbs	november	noun	slv
decembar	noun	hbs	december	noun	slv
kilometar	noun	hbs	kilometer	noun	slv
spektar	noun	hbs	spekter	noun	slv
zrakoplov	noun	hbs	letalo	noun	slv
zrakoplov	noun	hbs	zrakoplov	noun	slv
ulov	noun	hbs	ulov	noun	slv
region	noun	hbs	regija	noun	slv
kraj	noun	hbs	konec	noun	slv
pogled	noun	hbs	ogled	noun	slv
pogled	noun	hbs	pogled	noun	slv
izbor	noun	hbs	izbira	noun	slv
izbor	noun	hbs	volitev	noun	slv
izbor	noun	hbs	izbor	noun	slv
razgovor	noun	hbs	razgovor	noun	slv
ured	noun	hbs	urad	noun	slv
kompjuter	noun	hbs	računalnik	noun	slv
kompjutor	noun	hbs	računalnik	noun	slv
promjer	noun	hbs	premer	noun	slv
patrijarh	noun	hbs	patriarh	noun	slv
čelik	noun	hbs	jeklo	noun	slv
udžbenik	noun	hbs	učbenik	noun	slv
članak	noun	hbs	članek	noun	slv
vijek	noun	hbs	vek	noun	slv
mjesec	noun	hbs	mesec	noun	slv
slučaj	noun	hbs	primer	noun	slv
instruktor	noun	hbs	inštruktor	noun	slv
fakultet	noun	hbs	šola	noun	slv
muškarac	noun	hbs	moški	noun	slv
prosinac	noun	hbs	december	noun	slv
Slovenac	noun	hbs	Slovenec	noun	slv
novac	noun	hbs	denar	noun	slv
talac	noun	hbs	talec	noun	slv
život	noun	hbs	življenje	noun	slv
opredjeljenje	noun	hbs	prevzem	noun	slv
ministar	noun	hbs	minister	noun	slv
ministar	noun	hbs	minister	noun	slv
političar	noun	hbs	politik	noun	slv
lider	noun	hbs	vodja	noun	slv
kritičar	noun	hbs	kritik	noun	slv
manevar	noun	hbs	manever	noun	slv
vjetar	noun	hbs	veter	noun	slv
trenutak	noun	hbs	trenutek	noun	slv
početak	noun	hbs	začetek	noun	slv
podatak	noun	hbs	podatek	noun	slv
izlazak	noun	hbs	izhod	noun	slv
metar	noun	hbs	meter	noun	slv
pomoćnik	noun	hbs	namestnik	noun	slv
letač	noun	hbs	letalec	noun	slv
osnivač	noun	hbs	ustanovitelj	noun	slv
napadač	noun	hbs	napadalec	noun	slv
roditelj	noun	hbs	starš	noun	slv
običaj	noun	hbs	običaj	noun	slv
poticaj	noun	hbs	spodbuda	noun	slv
predosjećaj	noun	hbs	instinkt	noun	slv
prekršaj	noun	hbs	prekršek	noun	slv
pokušaj	noun	hbs	poskus	noun	slv
poluotok	noun	hbs	polotok	noun	slv
višak	noun	hbs	presežek	noun	slv
metak	noun	hbs	metek	noun	slv
ponedjeljak	noun	hbs	ponedeljek	noun	slv
utorak	noun	hbs	torek	noun	slv
ožujak	noun	hbs	marec	noun	slv
četvrtak	noun	hbs	četrtek	noun	slv
petak	noun	hbs	petek	noun	slv
naputak	noun	hbs	navodilo	noun	slv
naglasak	noun	hbs	naglas	noun	slv
sastanak	noun	hbs	sestanek	noun	slv
sastojak	noun	hbs	sestavina	noun	slv
postotak	noun	hbs	odstotek	noun	slv
učinak	noun	hbs	uspešnost	noun	slv
dodatak	noun	hbs	dodatek	noun	slv
povratak	noun	hbs	vračilo	noun	slv
stavak	noun	hbs	odstavek	noun	slv
podstavak	noun	hbs	pododstavek	noun	slv
odlomak	noun	hbs	odlomek	noun	slv
pododlomak	noun	hbs	pododlomek	noun	slv
napredak	noun	hbs	napredek	noun	slv
poredak	noun	hbs	red	noun	slv
otpadak	noun	hbs	odpadek	noun	slv
rujan	noun	hbs	september	noun	slv
siječanj	noun	hbs	januar	noun	slv
travanj	noun	hbs	april	noun	slv
svibanj	noun	hbs	maj	noun	slv
lipanj	noun	hbs	junij	noun	slv
srpanj	noun	hbs	julij	noun	slv
zaključak	noun	hbs	zaključek	noun	slv
djelo	noun	hbs	delo	noun	slv
dosje	noun	hbs	zapis	noun	slv
kolega	noun	hbs	sodelavec	noun	slv
kolega	noun	hbs	kolega	noun	slv
poplava	noun	hbs	poplava	noun	slv
rijeka	noun	hbs	reka	noun	slv
boja	noun	hbs	barva	noun	slv
veljača	noun	hbs	februar	noun	slv
šansa	noun	hbs	priložnost	noun	slv
adekvatnost	noun	hbs	ustreznost	noun	slv
proporcionalnost	noun	hbs	sorazmernost	noun	slv
prilika	noun	hbs	priložnost	noun	slv
tvrtka	noun	hbs	podjetje	noun	slv
vatra	noun	hbs	požar	noun	slv
nagodba	noun	hbs	sporazum	noun	slv
burza	noun	hbs	borza	noun	slv
berza	noun	hbs	borza	noun	slv
istina	noun	hbs	resnica	noun	slv
podpredsjednica	noun	hbs	podpredsednica	noun	slv
godišnjica	noun	hbs	obletnica	noun	slv
veličina	noun	hbs	velikost	noun	slv
šuma	noun	hbs	gozd	noun	slv
dojka	noun	hbs	dojka	noun	slv
dužina	noun	hbs	dolžina	noun	slv
duljina	noun	hbs	dolžina	noun	slv
zadaća	noun	hbs	naloga	noun	slv
prijetnja	noun	hbs	grožnja	noun	slv
potrošnja	noun	hbs	potrošnja	noun	slv
potražnja	noun	hbs	povpraševanje	noun	slv
obmana	noun	hbs	prevara	noun	slv
oluja	noun	hbs	nevihta	noun	slv
novina	noun	hbs	novost	noun	slv
povjerljivost	noun	hbs	zaupnost	noun	slv
plaća	noun	hbs	plača	noun	slv
plata	noun	hbs	plača	noun	slv
povelja	noun	hbs	sporazum	noun	slv
podjela	noun	hbs	delitev	noun	slv
pohvala	noun	hbs	pohvala	noun	slv
subota	noun	hbs	sobota	noun	slv
usporedba	noun	hbs	primerjava	noun	slv
zvijezda	noun	hbs	zvezda	noun	slv
agenda	noun	hbs	protokol	noun	slv
autonomija	noun	hbs	avtonomija	noun	slv
aristokratija	noun	hbs	aristokracija	noun	slv
institucija	noun	hbs	ustanova	noun	slv
institucija	noun	hbs	institucija	noun	slv
rasprava	noun	hbs	razprava	noun	slv
raspra	noun	hbs	razprava	noun	slv
teškoća	noun	hbs	težava	noun	slv
čvrstoća	noun	hbs	čvrstost	noun	slv
trgovina	noun	hbs	trgovina	noun	slv
marama	noun	hbs	šal	noun	slv
dobavljač	noun	hbs	dobavitelj	noun	slv
kopitar	noun	hbs	kopitar	noun	slv
asistencija	noun	hbs	asistenca	noun	slv
restauracija	noun	hbs	obnova	noun	slv
biljka	noun	hbs	rastlina	noun	slv
veza	noun	hbs	povezava	noun	slv
obveza	noun	hbs	obveznost	noun	slv
mjera	noun	hbs	mera	noun	slv
tužiteljica	noun	hbs	tožilec	noun	slv
priprema	noun	hbs	priprava	noun	slv
priprema	noun	hbs	pripravek	noun	slv
šipka	noun	hbs	palica	noun	slv
zapreka	noun	hbs	ovira	noun	slv
prepreka	noun	hbs	ovira	noun	slv
procjena	noun	hbs	ocena	noun	slv
suradnja	noun	hbs	sodelovanje	noun	slv
saradnja	noun	hbs	sodelovanje	noun	slv
stopa	noun	hbs	stopinja	noun	slv
fabrika	noun	hbs	tovarna	noun	slv
tvornica	noun	hbs	tovarna	noun	slv
članica	noun	hbs	član	noun	slv
zemlja	noun	hbs	država	noun	slv
zemlja	noun	hbs	podežlje	noun	slv
milja	noun	hbs	milja	noun	slv
briga	noun	hbs	skrb	noun	slv
uvreda	noun	hbs	žalitev	noun	slv
krivica	noun	hbs	napaka	noun	slv
mržnja	noun	hbs	sovraštvo	noun	slv
podrška	noun	hbs	podpora	noun	slv
palica	noun	hbs	palica	noun	slv
žena	noun	hbs	ženska	noun	slv
kuga	noun	hbs	kuga	noun	slv
tkanina	noun	hbs	tkanina	noun	slv
premija	noun	hbs	premija	noun	slv
pošta	noun	hbs	pošta	noun	slv
pređa	noun	hbs	preja	noun	slv
provizija	noun	hbs	pristojbina	noun	slv
shema	noun	hbs	shema	noun	slv
luka	noun	hbs	pristanišče	noun	slv
iskaznica	noun	hbs	izkaznica	noun	slv
škola	noun	hbs	šola	noun	slv
crta	noun	hbs	linija	noun	slv
krpelj	noun	hbs	klop	noun	slv
klupa	noun	hbs	klop	noun	slv
poteškoća	noun	hbs	težava	noun	slv
bludnost	noun	hbs	razvrat	noun	slv
cjelost	noun	hbs	celota	noun	slv
jasnoća	noun	hbs	jasnost	noun	slv
raznovrsnost	noun	hbs	raznovrstnost	noun	slv
kafa	noun	hbs	kava	noun	slv
krađa	noun	hbs	kraja	noun	slv
kraljevina	noun	hbs	kraljestvo	noun	slv
ljudskost	noun	hbs	človeštvo	noun	slv
maloljetnost	noun	hbs	manjšina	noun	slv
manjina	noun	hbs	manjšina	noun	slv
nemirnost	noun	hbs	nemir	noun	slv
odšteta	noun	hbs	odškodnina	noun	slv
perad	noun	hbs	perutnina	noun	slv
osjećajnost	noun	hbs	občutljivost	noun	slv
osjetljivost	noun	hbs	občutljivost	noun	slv
osobina	noun	hbs	lastnost	noun	slv
preferencija	noun	hbs	prednost	noun	slv
prekretnica	noun	hbs	mejnik	noun	slv
priroda	noun	hbs	narava	noun	slv
punoljetnost	noun	hbs	polnoletnost	noun	slv
radoznalost	noun	hbs	radovednost	noun	slv
razina	noun	hbs	stopnja	noun	slv
šija	noun	hbs	vrat	noun	slv
umješnost	noun	hbs	spretnost	noun	slv
uvjetnost	noun	hbs	pogojenost	noun	slv
većina	noun	hbs	večina	noun	slv
volja	noun	hbs	volja	noun	slv
živina	noun	hbs	živina	noun	slv
kupaonica	noun	hbs	kopalnica	noun	slv
grupa	noun	hbs	skupina	noun	slv
država	noun	hbs	država	noun	slv
karta	noun	hbs	karta	noun	slv
karta	noun	hbs	zemljevid	noun	slv
tačka	noun	hbs	postavka	noun	slv
noga	noun	hbs	noga	noun	slv
osoba	noun	hbs	oseba	noun	slv
besjeda	noun	hbs	govor	noun	slv
trudnoća	noun	hbs	nosečnost	noun	slv
proturječnost	noun	hbs	neskladnost	noun	slv
debljina	noun	hbs	debelina	noun	slv
vjerovatnoća	noun	hbs	verjetnost	noun	slv
tekućina	noun	hbs	tekočina	noun	slv
obustava	noun	hbs	prekinitev	noun	slv
zračna luka	noun	hbs	letališče	noun	slv
kvaliteta	noun	hbs	kakovost	noun	slv
činjenica	noun	hbs	dejstvo	noun	slv
kiša	noun	hbs	dež	noun	slv
zgrada	noun	hbs	stavba	noun	slv
prašina	noun	hbs	prah	noun	slv
alveola	noun	hbs	krater	noun	slv
anatema	noun	hbs	prekletstvo	noun	slv
blizina	noun	hbs	bližina	noun	slv
bolnica	noun	hbs	bolnišnica	noun	slv
barunica	noun	hbs	baronica	noun	slv
borba	noun	hbs	boj	noun	slv
vježba	noun	hbs	trening	noun	slv
vježba	noun	hbs	uresničevanje	noun	slv
vještina	noun	hbs	spretnost	noun	slv
trupa	noun	hbs	grupa	noun	slv
granata	noun	hbs	granata	noun	slv
granica	noun	hbs	meja	noun	slv
grobnica	noun	hbs	grobnica	noun	slv
debata	noun	hbs	razprava	noun	slv
jedinica	noun	hbs	enota	noun	slv
zajednica	noun	hbs	skupnost	noun	slv
kompatibilnost	noun	hbs	združljivost	noun	slv
žrtva	noun	hbs	žrtev	noun	slv
zabrana	noun	hbs	prepoved	noun	slv
zakletva	noun	hbs	prisega	noun	slv
zamjena	noun	hbs	zamenjava	noun	slv
zaštita	noun	hbs	zaščita	noun	slv
zaštita	noun	hbs	varstvo	noun	slv
zaštita	noun	hbs	varovanje	noun	slv
mijenjanje	noun	hbs	spreminjanje	noun	slv
zona	noun	hbs	cona	noun	slv
izložba	noun	hbs	razstava	noun	slv
inicijativa	noun	hbs	pobuda	noun	slv
karijera	noun	hbs	kariera	noun	slv
klima	noun	hbs	klima	noun	slv
klima	noun	hbs	podnebje	noun	slv
komanda	noun	hbs	ukaz	noun	slv
metil	noun	hbs	metil	noun	slv
okresivanje	noun	hbs	krušenje	noun	slv
obdržavanje	noun	hbs	upoštevanje	noun	slv
ograničavanje	noun	hbs	omejevanje	noun	slv
prilagođivanje	noun	hbs	prilagajanje	noun	slv
financiranje	noun	hbs	finance	noun	slv
sufinanciranje	noun	hbs	sofinance	noun	slv
kontrola	noun	hbs	nadzor	noun	slv
runda	noun	hbs	krog	noun	slv
krug	noun	hbs	krog	noun	slv
legislativa	noun	hbs	zakonodaja	noun	slv
lista	noun	hbs	seznam	noun	slv
magla	noun	hbs	megla	noun	slv
medicina	noun	hbs	medicina	noun	slv
mjesečina	noun	hbs	mesečina	noun	slv
mina	noun	hbs	mina	noun	slv
namjera	noun	hbs	namen	noun	slv
naredba	noun	hbs	ukaz	noun	slv
nafta	noun	hbs	olje	noun	slv
nedjelja	noun	hbs	nedelja	noun	slv
srijeda	noun	hbs	sreda	noun	slv
nesreća	noun	hbs	nesreča	noun	slv
tužba	noun	hbs	tožba	noun	slv
obrana	noun	hbs	obramba	noun	slv
odbrana	noun	hbs	obramba	noun	slv
opština	noun	hbs	občina	noun	slv
općina	noun	hbs	občina	noun	slv
osa	noun	hbs	osa	noun	slv
planina	noun	hbs	gora	noun	slv
isplata	noun	hbs	plačilo	noun	slv
pobjeda	noun	hbs	zmaga	noun	slv
povreda	noun	hbs	poškodba	noun	slv
polovina	noun	hbs	polovica	noun	slv
ponuda	noun	hbs	ponudba	noun	slv
posjeta	noun	hbs	obisk	noun	slv
posljedica	noun	hbs	posledica	noun	slv
posljedica	noun	hbs	izid	noun	slv
potreba	noun	hbs	potreba	noun	slv
pravda	noun	hbs	pravica	noun	slv
pravda	noun	hbs	pravičnost	noun	slv
presuda	noun	hbs	sodba	noun	slv
kazna	noun	hbs	kazen	noun	slv
primjena	noun	hbs	uporaba	noun	slv
pokrajina	noun	hbs	pokrajina	noun	slv
promjena	noun	hbs	sprememba	noun	slv
izmjena	noun	hbs	menjava	noun	slv
pronevjera	noun	hbs	poneverba	noun	slv
zloupotreba	noun	hbs	zloraba	noun	slv
procedura	noun	hbs	postopek	noun	slv
razmjena	noun	hbs	izmenjava	noun	slv
riba	noun	hbs	riba	noun	slv
sjednica	noun	hbs	seja	noun	slv
sjednica	noun	hbs	zasedanje	noun	slv
sila	noun	hbs	prisila	noun	slv
skala	noun	hbs	lestvica	noun	slv
ljestvica	noun	hbs	lestvica	noun	slv
sloboda	noun	hbs	svoboda	noun	slv
sloboda	noun	hbs	svoboščina	noun	slv
služba	noun	hbs	služba	noun	slv
sredina	noun	hbs	sredina	noun	slv
sredina	noun	hbs	okolje	noun	slv
okoliš	noun	hbs	okolje	noun	slv
stanica	noun	hbs	postaja	noun	slv
strana	noun	hbs	stran	noun	slv
stranica	noun	hbs	stran	noun	slv
suma	noun	hbs	vsota	noun	slv
scena	noun	hbs	prizor	noun	slv
scena	noun	hbs	prizorišče	noun	slv
tajna	noun	hbs	skrivnost	noun	slv
tema	noun	hbs	tema	noun	slv
tortura	noun	hbs	mučenje	noun	slv
sniženje	noun	hbs	znižanje	noun	slv
trećina	noun	hbs	tretjina	noun	slv
upotreba	noun	hbs	uporaba	noun	slv
firma	noun	hbs	podjetje	noun	slv
forma	noun	hbs	oblika	noun	slv
oblik	noun	hbs	oblika	noun	slv
upitnik	noun	hbs	vprašalnik	noun	slv
cijena	noun	hbs	cena	noun	slv
crkva	noun	hbs	cerkev	noun	slv
četvorica	noun	hbs	četverica	noun	slv
šteta	noun	hbs	škoda	noun	slv
jačina	noun	hbs	moč	noun	slv
pjesma	noun	hbs	pesem	noun	slv
kompenzacija	noun	hbs	odškodnina	noun	slv
destabilizacija	noun	hbs	destabilizacija	noun	slv
partija	noun	hbs	stranka	noun	slv
administracija	noun	hbs	uprava	noun	slv
akcija	noun	hbs	akcija	noun	slv
ambicija	noun	hbs	ambicija	noun	slv
armija	noun	hbs	vojska	noun	slv
asocijacija	noun	hbs	združenje	noun	slv
audijencija	noun	hbs	sprejem	noun	slv
vakcinacija	noun	hbs	cepljenje	noun	slv
verzija	noun	hbs	različica	noun	slv
verifikacija	noun	hbs	preverjanje	noun	slv
garancija	noun	hbs	zagotovilo	noun	slv
garancija	noun	hbs	jamstvo	noun	slv
dezintegracija	noun	hbs	razpad	noun	slv
deklaracija	noun	hbs	izjava	noun	slv
demokratija	noun	hbs	demokracija	noun	slv
demokracija	noun	hbs	demokracija	noun	slv
demoralizacija	noun	hbs	demoralizacija	noun	slv
decenija	noun	hbs	desetletje	noun	slv
eksploatacija	noun	hbs	izkoriščanje	noun	slv
ekshumacija	noun	hbs	izkop	noun	slv
eliminacija	noun	hbs	odprava	noun	slv
energija	noun	hbs	energija	noun	slv
eskalacija	noun	hbs	stopnjevanje	noun	slv
zmija	noun	hbs	kača	noun	slv
implementacija	noun	hbs	izvajanje	noun	slv
investicija	noun	hbs	naložba	noun	slv
indikacija	noun	hbs	navedba	noun	slv
industrija	noun	hbs	industrija	noun	slv
intervencija	noun	hbs	intervencija	noun	slv
interpretacija	noun	hbs	razlaga	noun	slv
infekcija	noun	hbs	okužba	noun	slv
informacija	noun	hbs	informacija	noun	slv
istorija	noun	hbs	zgodovina	noun	slv
kancelarija	noun	hbs	pisarna	noun	slv
klasifikacija	noun	hbs	razvrstitev	noun	slv
klasifikacija	noun	hbs	razvrščanje	noun	slv
kolekcija	noun	hbs	zbirka	noun	slv
kompanija	noun	hbs	podjetje	noun	slv
kompetencija	noun	hbs	pristojnost	noun	slv
konzervacija	noun	hbs	ohranjanje	noun	slv
konkurencija	noun	hbs	tekmovanje	noun	slv
konzultacija	noun	hbs	posvetovanje	noun	slv
kulminacija	noun	hbs	vrhunec	noun	slv
lokacija	noun	hbs	mesto	noun	slv
milicija	noun	hbs	policija	noun	slv
misija	noun	hbs	poslanstvo	noun	slv
misija	noun	hbs	misija	noun	slv
nacija	noun	hbs	narod	noun	slv
okupacija	noun	hbs	okupacija	noun	slv
operacija	noun	hbs	okupacija	noun	slv
operacija	noun	hbs	operacija	noun	slv
operacija	noun	hbs	obratovanje	noun	slv
opcija	noun	hbs	možnost	noun	slv
orijentacija	noun	hbs	usmerjenost	noun	slv
pozicija	noun	hbs	položaj	noun	slv
prevencija	noun	hbs	preprečevanje	noun	slv
prezumpcija	noun	hbs	domneva	noun	slv
provincija	noun	hbs	provinca	noun	slv
produkcija	noun	hbs	proizvodnja	noun	slv
proklamacija	noun	hbs	razglasitev	noun	slv
publikacija	noun	hbs	objava	noun	slv
redakcija	noun	hbs	uredništvo	noun	slv
rezidencija	noun	hbs	prebivanje	noun	slv
reputacija	noun	hbs	ugled	noun	slv
restitucija	noun	hbs	vrnitev	noun	slv
rehabilitacija	noun	hbs	rehabilitacija	noun	slv
sekcija	noun	hbs	del	noun	slv
situacija	noun	hbs	situacija	noun	slv
struja	noun	hbs	tok	noun	slv
televizija	noun	hbs	televizija	noun	slv
tenzija	noun	hbs	napetost	noun	slv
teritorija	noun	hbs	ozemlje	noun	slv
tranzicija	noun	hbs	prehod	noun	slv
transplantacija	noun	hbs	presaditev	noun	slv
turneja	noun	hbs	turneja	noun	slv
federacija	noun	hbs	zveza	noun	slv
frakcija	noun	hbs	del	noun	slv
ceremonija	noun	hbs	slovesnost	noun	slv
špekulacija	noun	hbs	špekulacija	noun	slv
avijacija	noun	hbs	letalstvo	noun	slv
denominacija	noun	hbs	ime	noun	slv
depolitizacija	noun	hbs	depolitizacija	noun	slv
deportacija	noun	hbs	izgon	noun	slv
diskriminacija	noun	hbs	diskriminacija	noun	slv
evaluacija	noun	hbs	ocenjevanje	noun	slv
egzekucija	noun	hbs	usmrtitev	noun	slv
egzistencija	noun	hbs	obstoj	noun	slv
inspekcija	noun	hbs	pregled	noun	slv
inspiracija	noun	hbs	navdih	noun	slv
koegzistencija	noun	hbs	sožitje	noun	slv
komemoracija	noun	hbs	spomin	noun	slv
komplikacija	noun	hbs	zaplet	noun	slv
kompozicija	noun	hbs	sestava	noun	slv
konverzacija	noun	hbs	pogovor	noun	slv
konspiracija	noun	hbs	zarota	noun	slv
kontradikcija	noun	hbs	protislovje	noun	slv
konfederacija	noun	hbs	zveza	noun	slv
kooperacija	noun	hbs	sodelovanje	noun	slv
modifikacija	noun	hbs	sprememba	noun	slv
netolerancija	noun	hbs	nestrpnost	noun	slv
populacija	noun	hbs	prebivalstvo	noun	slv
prezentacija	noun	hbs	predstavitev	noun	slv
preokupacija	noun	hbs	skrb	noun	slv
promocija	noun	hbs	spodbujanje	noun	slv
promocija	noun	hbs	pospeševanje	noun	slv
proporcija	noun	hbs	delež	noun	slv
radijacija	noun	hbs	sevanje	noun	slv
regrutacija	noun	hbs	zaposlovanje	noun	slv
redukcija	noun	hbs	zmanjšanje	noun	slv
relaksacija	noun	hbs	sprostitev	noun	slv
relacija	noun	hbs	razmerje	noun	slv
relokacija	noun	hbs	premestitev	noun	slv
reparacija	noun	hbs	odškodnina	noun	slv
reprezentacija	noun	hbs	reprezentanca	noun	slv
selekcija	noun	hbs	izbira	noun	slv
senzacija	noun	hbs	občutek	noun	slv
tendencija	noun	hbs	težnja	noun	slv
transkripcija	noun	hbs	prepis	noun	slv
formacija	noun	hbs	oblikovanje	noun	slv
frekvencija	noun	hbs	frekvenca	noun	slv
jurisdikcija	noun	hbs	pristojnost	noun	slv
azbuka	noun	hbs	abeceda	noun	slv
brojka	noun	hbs	številka	noun	slv
buka	noun	hbs	hrup	noun	slv
kandidat	noun	hbs	kandidat	noun	slv
kandidatkinja	noun	hbs	kandidat	noun	slv
ministrica	noun	hbs	minister	noun	slv
muzika	noun	hbs	glasba	noun	slv
glazba	noun	hbs	glasba	noun	slv
nabavka	noun	hbs	naročilo	noun	slv
nauka	noun	hbs	znanost	noun	slv
obuka	noun	hbs	usposabljanje	noun	slv
odluka	noun	hbs	odločitev	noun	slv
ostavka	noun	hbs	odstop	noun	slv
poruka	noun	hbs	sporočilo	noun	slv
trka	noun	hbs	dirka	noun	slv
snaga	noun	hbs	moč	noun	slv
potraga	noun	hbs	iskanje	noun	slv
istraga	noun	hbs	preiskava	noun	slv
supruga	noun	hbs	žena	noun	slv
uloga	noun	hbs	vloga	noun	slv
usluga	noun	hbs	storitev	noun	slv
diskusija	noun	hbs	razprava	noun	slv
djevojka	noun	hbs	dekle	noun	slv
čaša	noun	hbs	kozarec	noun	slv
visina	noun	hbs	višina	noun	slv
atmosfera	noun	hbs	vzdušje	noun	slv
prodavnica	noun	hbs	trgovina	noun	slv
prodavaonica	noun	hbs	trgovina	noun	slv
greška	noun	hbs	napaka	noun	slv
rođakinja	noun	hbs	sorodnica	noun	slv
sudbina	noun	hbs	usoda	noun	slv
klauzula	noun	hbs	klavzula	noun	slv
snimka	noun	hbs	posnetek	noun	slv
brigada	noun	hbs	brigada	noun	slv
straža	noun	hbs	stražar	noun	slv
titula	noun	hbs	naslov	noun	slv
imperija	noun	hbs	imperij	noun	slv
carina	noun	hbs	carina	noun	slv
figura	noun	hbs	figura	noun	slv
režija	noun	hbs	smer	noun	slv
laboratorija	noun	hbs	laboratorij	noun	slv
readmisija	noun	hbs	dovoljenje	noun	slv
publika	noun	hbs	občinstvo	noun	slv
epoha	noun	hbs	doba	noun	slv
kutija	noun	hbs	škatla	noun	slv
naprava	noun	hbs	naprava	noun	slv
cjelina	noun	hbs	celota	noun	slv
klasa	noun	hbs	razred	noun	slv
brzina	noun	hbs	hitrost	noun	slv
kadetkinja	noun	hbs	kadet	noun	slv
kadet	noun	hbs	kadet	noun	slv
promet	noun	hbs	promet	noun	slv
žalba	noun	hbs	pritožba	noun	slv
kći	noun	hbs	hči	noun	slv
riječ	noun	hbs	beseda	noun	slv
uš	noun	hbs	uš	noun	slv
glad	noun	hbs	lakota	noun	slv
mast	noun	hbs	maščoba	noun	slv
vlast	noun	hbs	moč	noun	slv
oblast	noun	hbs	oblast	noun	slv
bolest	noun	hbs	bolezen	noun	slv
glupost	noun	hbs	neumnost	noun	slv
vijest	noun	hbs	novica	noun	slv
povijest	noun	hbs	zgodovina	noun	slv
budućnost	noun	hbs	prihodnost	noun	slv
aktivnost	noun	hbs	dejavnost	noun	slv
aktivnost	noun	hbs	aktivnost	noun	slv
vrlina	noun	hbs	vrlina	noun	slv
sigurnost	noun	hbs	varnost	noun	slv
bezbjednost	noun	hbs	varnost	noun	slv
bezbednost	noun	hbs	varnost	noun	slv
beskonačnost	noun	hbs	neskončnost	noun	slv
beskrajnost	noun	hbs	neskončnost	noun	slv
validnost	noun	hbs	veljavnost	noun	slv
umiješanost	noun	hbs	sodelovanje	noun	slv
štovanje	noun	hbs	čaščenje	noun	slv
štovatelj	noun	hbs	častilec	noun	slv
korito	noun	hbs	čeber	noun	slv
vrijednost	noun	hbs	vrednost	noun	slv
dužnost	noun	hbs	dajatev	noun	slv
dužnost	noun	hbs	dolžnost	noun	slv
efikasnost	noun	hbs	učinkovitost	noun	slv
ličnost	noun	hbs	osebnost	noun	slv
mogućnost	noun	hbs	možnost	noun	slv
mogućnost	noun	hbs	zmožnost	noun	slv
nadležnost	noun	hbs	pristojnost	noun	slv
nezavisnost	noun	hbs	neodvisnost	noun	slv
neophodnost	noun	hbs	nujnost	noun	slv
neregularnost	noun	hbs	nepravilnost	noun	slv
nesposobnost	noun	hbs	nesposobnost	noun	slv
opasnost	noun	hbs	nevarnost	noun	slv
otvorenost	noun	hbs	odprtost	noun	slv
povezanost	noun	hbs	povezava	noun	slv
pripravnost	noun	hbs	pripravljenost	noun	slv
odlučnost	noun	hbs	odločnost	noun	slv
svjetlost	noun	hbs	svetloba	noun	slv
ozbiljnost	noun	hbs	resnost	noun	slv
saglasnost	noun	hbs	soglasje	noun	slv
suglasnost	noun	hbs	soglasje	noun	slv
sopstvenost	noun	hbs	lastništvo	noun	slv
točnost	noun	hbs	natančnost	noun	slv
umjetnost	noun	hbs	umetnost	noun	slv
javnost	noun	hbs	javnost	noun	slv
autonomnost	noun	hbs	avtonomija	noun	slv
angažiranost	noun	hbs	angažiranost	noun	slv
beznadežnost	noun	hbs	brezup	noun	slv
beznadnost	noun	hbs	brezup	noun	slv
zahvalnost	noun	hbs	hvaležnost	noun	slv
vjerojatnost	noun	hbs	verjetnost	noun	slv
uključenost	noun	hbs	sodelovanje	noun	slv
suzdržanost	noun	hbs	zadrževanje	noun	slv
oduševljenost	noun	hbs	navdušenost	noun	slv
gordost	noun	hbs	ponos	noun	slv
gotovost	noun	hbs	pripravljenost	noun	slv
drevnost	noun	hbs	starina	noun	slv
jednakost	noun	hbs	enakost	noun	slv
nejednakost	noun	hbs	neenakost	noun	slv
jednoglasnost	noun	hbs	soglasje	noun	slv
ekonomičnost	noun	hbs	gospodarstvo	noun	slv
efektivnost	noun	hbs	učinkovitost	noun	slv
zavisnost	noun	hbs	odvisnost	noun	slv
ovisnost	noun	hbs	odvisnost	noun	slv
zadovoljnost	noun	hbs	zadovoljstvo	noun	slv
zamorenost	noun	hbs	utrujenost	noun	slv
informiranost	noun	hbs	informiranost	noun	slv
iznurenost	noun	hbs	izčrpanost	noun	slv
kompetentnost	noun	hbs	pristojnost	noun	slv
konzistentnost	noun	hbs	usklajenost	noun	slv
kontradiktornost	noun	hbs	protislovje	noun	slv
kreativnost	noun	hbs	ustvarjalnost	noun	slv
legalnost	noun	hbs	zakonitost	noun	slv
motiviranost	noun	hbs	motiviranost	noun	slv
lijenost	noun	hbs	lenoba	noun	slv
naklonjenost	noun	hbs	naklonjenost	noun	slv
nacionalnost	noun	hbs	nacionalnost	noun	slv
nemarnost	noun	hbs	malomarnost	noun	slv
nevinost	noun	hbs	nedolžnost	noun	slv
neizvjesnost	noun	hbs	negotovost	noun	slv
nekompetentnost	noun	hbs	nesposobnost	noun	slv
nemilost	noun	hbs	nemilost	noun	slv
neprijatnost	noun	hbs	nadloga	noun	slv
nesigurnost	noun	hbs	negotovost	noun	slv
nejasnost	noun	hbs	nejasnost	noun	slv
objedinjenost	noun	hbs	poenotenje	noun	slv
ogorčenost	noun	hbs	grenkoba	noun	slv
udaljenost	noun	hbs	razdalja	noun	slv
okolnost	noun	hbs	okoliščina	noun	slv
operativnost	noun	hbs	delovanje	noun	slv
oštećenost	noun	hbs	škoda	noun	slv
popularnost	noun	hbs	priljubljenost	noun	slv
predanost	noun	hbs	zaveza	noun	slv
preciznost	noun	hbs	natančnost	noun	slv
priznatost	noun	hbs	priznanje	noun	slv
podijeljenost	noun	hbs	delitev	noun	slv
ravnopravnost	noun	hbs	enakost	noun	slv
rijetkost	noun	hbs	redkost	noun	slv
samostalnost	noun	hbs	neodvisnost	noun	slv
sklonost	noun	hbs	nagnjenost	noun	slv
slučajnost	noun	hbs	naključje	noun	slv
smrtnost	noun	hbs	umrljivost	noun	slv
suprotstavljenost	noun	hbs	opozicija	noun	slv
tvrdoglavost	noun	hbs	trmoglavost	noun	slv
znamenitost	noun	hbs	znamenitost	noun	slv
noć	noun	hbs	noč	noun	slv
ponoć	noun	hbs	polnoč	noun	slv
moć	noun	hbs	moč	noun	slv
pomoć	noun	hbs	pomoč	noun	slv
momčad	noun	hbs	ekipa	noun	slv
zapovijed	noun	hbs	ukaz	noun	slv
misao	noun	hbs	misel	noun	slv
područje	noun	hbs	ozemlje	noun	slv
područje	noun	hbs	območje	noun	slv
pridruživanje	noun	hbs	združenje	noun	slv
akcionarstvo	noun	hbs	delež	noun	slv
angažiranje	noun	hbs	angažiranje	noun	slv
bacanje	noun	hbs	metanje	noun	slv
bezumlje	noun	hbs	norost	noun	slv
biće	noun	hbs	bitje	noun	slv
biranje	noun	hbs	izbiranje	noun	slv
blaženstvo	noun	hbs	blaženost	noun	slv
bogatstvo	noun	hbs	bogastvo	noun	slv
brojenje	noun	hbs	štetje	noun	slv
čekanje	noun	hbs	čakanje	noun	slv
cijepljenje	noun	hbs	cepljenje	noun	slv
čišćenje	noun	hbs	čiščenje	noun	slv
isključenje	noun	hbs	izključenost	noun	slv
čovječanstvo	noun	hbs	človeštvo	noun	slv
davanje	noun	hbs	dajanje	noun	slv
definiranje	noun	hbs	definicija	noun	slv
dejstvo	noun	hbs	dejstvo	noun	slv
dežurstvo	noun	hbs	udeležba	noun	slv
diktatorstvo	noun	hbs	diktatura	noun	slv
dirigentstvo	noun	hbs	prevajanje	noun	slv
disanje	noun	hbs	dihanje	noun	slv
djelovanje	noun	hbs	dejavnost	noun	slv
djelovanje	noun	hbs	ukrepanje	noun	slv
djelovanje	noun	hbs	dejanje	noun	slv
domaćinstvo	noun	hbs	gospodinjstvo	noun	slv
drugarstvo	noun	hbs	druženje	noun	slv
emitiranje	noun	hbs	oddaja	noun	slv
falsificiranje	noun	hbs	ponarejanje	noun	slv
falsifikovanje	noun	hbs	ponarejanje	noun	slv
kovanje	noun	hbs	kovanje	noun	slv
pleme	noun	hbs	pleme	noun	slv
farmerstvo	noun	hbs	kmetovanje	noun	slv
favoriziranje	noun	hbs	favoriziranje	noun	slv
finansiranje	noun	hbs	financiranje	noun	slv
formiranje	noun	hbs	oblikovanje	noun	slv
formuliranje	noun	hbs	oblikovanje	noun	slv
formulisanje	noun	hbs	oblikovanje	noun	slv
funkcioniranje	noun	hbs	delovanje	noun	slv
funkcionisanje	noun	hbs	delovanje	noun	slv
gazdinstvo	noun	hbs	gospodarstvo	noun	slv
gonjenje	noun	hbs	pregon	noun	slv
gospodstvo	noun	hbs	gospostvo	noun	slv
govedarstvo	noun	hbs	govedo	noun	slv
državljanstvo	noun	hbs	državljanstvo	noun	slv
herojstvo	noun	hbs	junaštvo	noun	slv
hotelijerstvo	noun	hbs	gostoljubnost	noun	slv
hrišćanstvo	noun	hbs	krščanstvo	noun	slv
inostranstvo	noun	hbs	tujina	noun	slv
inozemstvo	noun	hbs	tujina	noun	slv
integriranje	noun	hbs	integracija	noun	slv
integriranje	noun	hbs	vključevanje	noun	slv
intenziviranje	noun	hbs	stopnjevanje	noun	slv
investiranje	noun	hbs	naložba	noun	slv
inženjerstvo	noun	hbs	inženiring	noun	slv
inžinjerstvo	noun	hbs	inženiring	noun	slv
iskorištavanje	noun	hbs	izkoriščanje	noun	slv
ispitivanje	noun	hbs	spraševanje	noun	slv
ispitivanje	noun	hbs	preskušanje	noun	slv
ispunjavanje	noun	hbs	srečanje	noun	slv
potraživanje	noun	hbs	terjatev	noun	slv
ispunjavanje	noun	hbs	izpolnjevanje	noun	slv
istraživanje	noun	hbs	raziskovanje	noun	slv
izbivanje	noun	hbs	odsotnost	noun	slv
izdanje	noun	hbs	izdaja	noun	slv
izdavanje	noun	hbs	vprašanje	noun	slv
izjašnjavanje	noun	hbs	pojasnjevanje	noun	slv
izlaženje	noun	hbs	izhod	noun	slv
iznalaženje	noun	hbs	iskanje	noun	slv
izražavanje	noun	hbs	izraz	noun	slv
izražavanje	noun	hbs	izražanje	noun	slv
izvinjenje	noun	hbs	opravičilo	noun	slv
izvještavanje	noun	hbs	poročanje	noun	slv
izvještavanje	noun	hbs	poročevalka	noun	slv
izvođenje	noun	hbs	izvajanje	noun	slv
jedenje	noun	hbs	prehranjevanje	noun	slv
kategoriziranje	noun	hbs	uvrščanje	noun	slv
kažnjavanje	noun	hbs	kaznovanje	noun	slv
klizanje	noun	hbs	drsanje	noun	slv
knjižarstvo	noun	hbs	knjigarna	noun	slv
kombiniranje	noun	hbs	kombinacija	noun	slv
kontroliranje	noun	hbs	nadzor	noun	slv
korištenje	noun	hbs	uporaba	noun	slv
skladištenje	noun	hbs	skladiščenje	noun	slv
kozarstvo	noun	hbs	koza	noun	slv
kraljevstvo	noun	hbs	kraljestvo	noun	slv
kremiranje	noun	hbs	upepelitev	noun	slv
kretanje	noun	hbs	premikanje	noun	slv
kretanje	noun	hbs	gibanje	noun	slv
krivovjerstvo	noun	hbs	krivoverstvo	noun	slv
kršćanstvo	noun	hbs	krščanstvo	noun	slv
kršenje	noun	hbs	kršitev	noun	slv
krvno srodstvo	noun	hbs	sorodstvo	noun	slv
kuharstvo	noun	hbs	kuhanje	noun	slv
kultiviranje	noun	hbs	gojenje	noun	slv
kultivisanje	noun	hbs	gojenje	noun	slv
kupovanje	noun	hbs	nakup	noun	slv
lice	noun	hbs	obraz	noun	slv
liderstvo	noun	hbs	vodstvo	noun	slv
ljeto	noun	hbs	poletje	noun	slv
ljudstvo	noun	hbs	osebje	noun	slv
majčinstvo	noun	hbs	materinstvo	noun	slv
maltretiranje	noun	hbs	trpinčenje	noun	slv
micanje	noun	hbs	premikanje	noun	slv
ministarstvo	noun	hbs	ministrstvo	noun	slv
ministerstvo	noun	hbs	ministrstvo	noun	slv
misionarstvo	noun	hbs	misijonar	noun	slv
mišljenje	noun	hbs	mnenje	noun	slv
mnoštvo	noun	hbs	množica	noun	slv
more	noun	hbs	morje	noun	slv
moreplovstvo	noun	hbs	pomorstvo	noun	slv
mučenje	noun	hbs	mučenje	noun	slv
nametanje	noun	hbs	uvedba	noun	slv
namještanje	noun	hbs	popravek	noun	slv
naoružanje	noun	hbs	oborožitev	noun	slv
naoružavanje	noun	hbs	oborožitev	noun	slv
napuštanje	noun	hbs	opustitev	noun	slv
narušavanje	noun	hbs	kršitev	noun	slv
nasljedstvo	noun	hbs	dednost	noun	slv
neispunjavanje	noun	hbs	napaka	noun	slv
neprijateljstvo	noun	hbs	sovražnost	noun	slv
nepriznavanje	noun	hbs	zavračanje	noun	slv
novatorstvo	noun	hbs	izum	noun	slv
obećanje	noun	hbs	obljuba	noun	slv
obećanje	noun	hbs	zagotovitev	noun	slv
obećanje	noun	hbs	obveza	noun	slv
obezbjeđenje	noun	hbs	varnost	noun	slv
objašnjavanje	noun	hbs	razlaga	noun	slv
objavljivanje	noun	hbs	objava	noun	slv
objedinjavanje	noun	hbs	združevanje	noun	slv
obnavljanje	noun	hbs	obnavljanje	noun	slv
očekivanje	noun	hbs	pričakovanje	noun	slv
odlaganje	noun	hbs	odlog	noun	slv
odnošenje	noun	hbs	odstranitev	noun	slv
određivanje	noun	hbs	določitev	noun	slv
određivanje	noun	hbs	ugotavljanje	noun	slv
određivanje	noun	hbs	določanje	noun	slv
održavanje	noun	hbs	vzdrževanje	noun	slv
odstranjivanje	noun	hbs	odstranjevanje	noun	slv
odvajanje	noun	hbs	ločitev	noun	slv
ohrabrivanje	noun	hbs	spodbujanje	noun	slv
okrivljavanje	noun	hbs	obtoževanje	noun	slv
okupiranje	noun	hbs	okupacija	noun	slv
olakšavanje	noun	hbs	olajšanje	noun	slv
opetovanje	noun	hbs	ponavljanje	noun	slv
ophođenje	noun	hbs	vedenje	noun	slv
oporezivanje	noun	hbs	obdavčitev	noun	slv
oružje	noun	hbs	orožje	noun	slv
osiguranje	noun	hbs	zavarovanje	noun	slv
osiguravanje	noun	hbs	zagotavljanje	noun	slv
osjećanje	noun	hbs	čustvo	noun	slv
osnivanje	noun	hbs	ustanovitev	noun	slv
ostvarivanje	noun	hbs	uveljavljanje	noun	slv
osujećenje	noun	hbs	zmanjševanje	noun	slv
osvećivanje	noun	hbs	maščevanje	noun	slv
otcjepljenje	noun	hbs	odcep	noun	slv
otkrivanje	noun	hbs	odkrivanje	noun	slv
razotkrivanje	noun	hbs	razkritje	noun	slv
otvaranje	noun	hbs	odpiranje	noun	slv
ovlaštenje	noun	hbs	dovoljenje	noun	slv
pijanstvo	noun	hbs	pijančevanje	noun	slv
pijenje	noun	hbs	pitje	noun	slv
pjevanje	noun	hbs	petje	noun	slv
planinarstvo	noun	hbs	plezanje	noun	slv
planiranje	noun	hbs	načrtovanje	noun	slv
plivanje	noun	hbs	plavanje	noun	slv
poboljšanje	noun	hbs	izboljšanje	noun	slv
poboljšanje	noun	hbs	izboljšava	noun	slv
podnošenje	noun	hbs	prenašanje	noun	slv
podnošenje	noun	hbs	predložitev	noun	slv
poduzeće	noun	hbs	podjetje	noun	slv
poglavlje	noun	hbs	poglavje	noun	slv
pogoršanje	noun	hbs	poslabšanje	noun	slv
pojavljivanje	noun	hbs	dogodek	noun	slv
detalj	noun	hbs	podrobnost	noun	slv
milenijum	noun	hbs	tisočletje	noun	slv
referendum	noun	hbs	referendum	noun	slv
pomaganje	noun	hbs	pomoč	noun	slv
ponašanje	noun	hbs	vedenje	noun	slv
porijeklo	noun	hbs	nastanek	noun	slv
posjedovanje	noun	hbs	posest	noun	slv
poslovanje	noun	hbs	poslovanje	noun	slv
posmatranje	noun	hbs	opazovanje	noun	slv
postavljanje	noun	hbs	nastavitev	noun	slv
postojanje	noun	hbs	obstoj	noun	slv
poticanje	noun	hbs	spodbujanje	noun	slv
potomstvo	noun	hbs	potomec	noun	slv
potpisivanje	noun	hbs	podpis	noun	slv
povećanje	noun	hbs	povečanje	noun	slv
povezivanje	noun	hbs	povezava	noun	slv
povezivanje	noun	hbs	povezovanje	noun	slv
povišenje	noun	hbs	povečanje	noun	slv
povlačenje	noun	hbs	umik	noun	slv
povlačenje	noun	hbs	odvzem	noun	slv
poznanstvo	noun	hbs	znanec	noun	slv
praskozorje	noun	hbs	jutro	noun	slv
pravilo	noun	hbs	pravilo	noun	slv
prebacivanje	noun	hbs	premikanje	noun	slv
prebrojavanje	noun	hbs	štetje	noun	slv
predgrađe	noun	hbs	predmestje	noun	slv
predstavljanje	noun	hbs	predstavljanje	noun	slv
pregrupiranje	noun	hbs	pregrupiranje	noun	slv
premještanje	noun	hbs	premik	noun	slv
premlaćivanje	noun	hbs	pretepanje	noun	slv
prenošenje	noun	hbs	prenos	noun	slv
prestajanje	noun	hbs	prestajanje	noun	slv
pretraživanje	noun	hbs	iskanje	noun	slv
preuzimanje	noun	hbs	prenos	noun	slv
prihvaćanje	noun	hbs	sprejem	noun	slv
pripajanje	noun	hbs	priključitev	noun	slv
pripremanje	noun	hbs	priprava	noun	slv
pristanište	noun	hbs	pristanišče	noun	slv
pristizanje	noun	hbs	prihod	noun	slv
trajanje	noun	hbs	trajanje	noun	slv
prihod	noun	hbs	prihodek	noun	slv
prihod	noun	hbs	dohodek	noun	slv
prihod	noun	hbs	prejemek	noun	slv
pristupanje	noun	hbs	pristop	noun	slv
prisustvo	noun	hbs	prisotnost	noun	slv
privlačenje	noun	hbs	atrakcija	noun	slv
priznavanje	noun	hbs	priznanje	noun	slv
priznavanje	noun	hbs	priznavanje	noun	slv
prodavanje	noun	hbs	prodaja	noun	slv
produbljivanje	noun	hbs	poglabljanje	noun	slv
proglašavanje	noun	hbs	razglasitev	noun	slv
projektiranje	noun	hbs	oblikovanje	noun	slv
prokletstvo	noun	hbs	prekletstvo	noun	slv
promatranje	noun	hbs	opazovanje	noun	slv
pronalaženje	noun	hbs	iskanje	noun	slv
prostranstvo	noun	hbs	prostor	noun	slv
protivljenje	noun	hbs	opozicija	noun	slv
protivljenje	noun	hbs	nasprotovanje	noun	slv
protjerivanje	noun	hbs	izgon	noun	slv
proučavanje	noun	hbs	študija	noun	slv
provođenje	noun	hbs	izvajanje	noun	slv
pucanje	noun	hbs	streljanje	noun	slv
pušenje	noun	hbs	kajenje	noun	slv
putovanje	noun	hbs	potovanje	noun	slv
rangiranje	noun	hbs	razvrstitev	noun	slv
raspisivanje	noun	hbs	razpis	noun	slv
rastrojstvo	noun	hbs	neurejenost	noun	slv
ratarstvo	noun	hbs	kmetovanje	noun	slv
razbijanje	noun	hbs	razbijanje	noun	slv
razumijevanje	noun	hbs	razumevanje	noun	slv
razvijanje	noun	hbs	razvoj	noun	slv
realiziranje	noun	hbs	izvajanje	noun	slv
registriranje	noun	hbs	registracija	noun	slv
registrovanje	noun	hbs	registracija	noun	slv
regrutiranje	noun	hbs	zaposlovanje	noun	slv
regrutovanje	noun	hbs	zaposlovanje	noun	slv
reketiranje	noun	hbs	izsiljevanje	noun	slv
reklamiranje	noun	hbs	oglaševanje	noun	slv
restauriranje	noun	hbs	obnova	noun	slv
revidiranje	noun	hbs	revizija	noun	slv
ribarstvo	noun	hbs	ribolov	noun	slv
rješenje	noun	hbs	odločitev	noun	slv
roždestvo	noun	hbs	rojstvo	noun	slv
rukovođenje	noun	hbs	vodstvo	noun	slv
rukovodstvo	noun	hbs	vodstvo	noun	slv
sabiranje	noun	hbs	zbiranje	noun	slv
samoubistvo	noun	hbs	samomor	noun	slv
samoubojstvo	noun	hbs	samomor	noun	slv
saopćenje	noun	hbs	komunikacija	noun	slv
saopštenje	noun	hbs	izjava	noun	slv
saslušanje	noun	hbs	zaslišanje	noun	slv
sastajanje	noun	hbs	skupek	noun	slv
savršenstvo	noun	hbs	popolnost	noun	slv
selo	noun	hbs	vas	noun	slv
shvaćanje	noun	hbs	razumevanje	noun	slv
silovanje	noun	hbs	posilstvo	noun	slv
sjećanje	noun	hbs	spomin	noun	slv
sjedište	noun	hbs	sedež	noun	slv
sjemenarstvo	noun	hbs	seme	noun	slv
skladište	noun	hbs	skladišče	noun	slv
skrivanje	noun	hbs	skrivanje	noun	slv
slušanje	noun	hbs	poslušanje	noun	slv
smanjenje	noun	hbs	zmanjšanje	noun	slv
smirenje	noun	hbs	pomiritev	noun	slv
snabdijevanje	noun	hbs	dobava	noun	slv
snimanje	noun	hbs	snemanje	noun	slv
spasavanje	noun	hbs	reševanje	noun	slv
spašavanje	noun	hbs	varčevanje	noun	slv
špijuniranje	noun	hbs	vohunjenje	noun	slv
spisateljstvo	noun	hbs	pisanje	noun	slv
sprečavanje	noun	hbs	preprečevanje	noun	slv
sprečavanje	noun	hbs	preprečitev	noun	slv
stanovništvo	noun	hbs	prebivalstvo	noun	slv
starenje	noun	hbs	staranje	noun	slv
stavljanje	noun	hbs	dajanje	noun	slv
stopalo	noun	hbs	stopalo	noun	slv
stradanje	noun	hbs	trpljenje	noun	slv
stvaranje	noun	hbs	oblikovanje	noun	slv
stvaranje	noun	hbs	ustvarjanje	noun	slv
suđenje	noun	hbs	sojenje	noun	slv
sudjelovanje	noun	hbs	sodelovanje	noun	slv
sudstvo	noun	hbs	sodstvo	noun	slv
sumnjičenje	noun	hbs	sum	noun	slv
suprotstavljanje	noun	hbs	opozicija	noun	slv
svećenstvo	noun	hbs	duhovščina	noun	slv
sveštenstvo	noun	hbs	duhovščina	noun	slv
svjedočanstvo	noun	hbs	pričevanje	noun	slv
svjedočenje	noun	hbs	pričevanje	noun	slv
tiranstvo	noun	hbs	tiranija	noun	slv
tovarenje	noun	hbs	tovorjenje	noun	slv
transportiranje	noun	hbs	prevoz	noun	slv
traženje	noun	hbs	iskanje	noun	slv
trošenje	noun	hbs	poraba	noun	slv
tužilaštvo	noun	hbs	tožilstvo	noun	slv
ubojstvo	noun	hbs	umor	noun	slv
učestvo	noun	hbs	sodelovanje	noun	slv
udruženje	noun	hbs	združenje	noun	slv
ukidanje	noun	hbs	ukinjanje	noun	slv
uklanjanje	noun	hbs	odstranitev	noun	slv
umirovljenje	noun	hbs	upokojitev	noun	slv
umivanje	noun	hbs	umivanje	noun	slv
unapređivanje	noun	hbs	napredovanje	noun	slv
uništavanje	noun	hbs	uničenje	noun	slv
upozorenje	noun	hbs	opozorilo	noun	slv
usaglašavanje	noun	hbs	popravek	noun	slv
uspostavljanje	noun	hbs	ustanovitev	noun	slv
ustrojstvo	noun	hbs	struktura	noun	slv
nomenklatura	noun	hbs	nomenklatura	noun	slv
aproksimacija	noun	hbs	približevanje	noun	slv
usvajanje	noun	hbs	sprejetje	noun	slv
utvrđivanje	noun	hbs	ustanovitev	noun	slv
uvjeravanje	noun	hbs	zagotavljanje	noun	slv
uvođenje	noun	hbs	uvedba	noun	slv
uzimanje	noun	hbs	jemanje	noun	slv
vakciniranje	noun	hbs	cepljenje	noun	slv
vazduhoplovstvo	noun	hbs	letalstvo	noun	slv
visočanstvo	noun	hbs	visokost	noun	slv
vizionarstvo	noun	hbs	vizija	noun	slv
vraćanje	noun	hbs	vrnitev	noun	slv
zadovoljavanje	noun	hbs	srečanje	noun	slv
zadržavanje	noun	hbs	zadrževanje	noun	slv
zakonodavstvo	noun	hbs	zakonodaja	noun	slv
zanemarivanje	noun	hbs	malomarnost	noun	slv
zaposlenje	noun	hbs	zaposlovanje	noun	slv
zapošljavanje	noun	hbs	zaposlovanje	noun	slv
zapovjedništvo	noun	hbs	ukaz	noun	slv
zaražavanje	noun	hbs	okužba	noun	slv
zatajenje	noun	hbs	napaka	noun	slv
zdravstvo	noun	hbs	zdravstvo	noun	slv
zemljište	noun	hbs	zemljišče	noun	slv
zgražanje	noun	hbs	ogorčenje	noun	slv
žiteljstvo	noun	hbs	prebivalstvo	noun	slv
značenje	noun	hbs	pomen	noun	slv
znojenje	noun	hbs	potenje	noun	slv
zvjerstvo	noun	hbs	grozodejstvo	noun	slv
koljeno	noun	hbs	koleno	noun	slv
mjesto	noun	hbs	mesto	noun	slv
mjesto	noun	hbs	kraj	noun	slv
kupatilo	noun	hbs	kopalnica	noun	slv
tijelo	noun	hbs	telo	noun	slv
tijelo	noun	hbs	trup	noun	slv
letenje	noun	hbs	let	noun	slv
slijetanje	noun	hbs	pristanek	noun	slv
zanimanje	noun	hbs	zanimanje	noun	slv
sveučilište	noun	hbs	univerza	noun	slv
razdoblje	noun	hbs	obdobje	noun	slv
stoljeće	noun	hbs	stoletje	noun	slv
osoblje	noun	hbs	osebje	noun	slv
povjerenje	noun	hbs	zaupanje	noun	slv
nepovjerenje	noun	hbs	nezaupanje	noun	slv
kazalište	noun	hbs	gledališče	noun	slv
pozorište	noun	hbs	gledališče	noun	slv
ročište	noun	hbs	zaslišanje	noun	slv
poštovanje	noun	hbs	spoštovanje	noun	slv
proljeće	noun	hbs	pomlad	noun	slv
sunce	noun	hbs	sonce	noun	slv
momče	noun	hbs	moški	noun	slv
jaje	noun	hbs	jajce	noun	slv
uže	noun	hbs	vrv	noun	slv
sjeme	noun	hbs	seme	noun	slv
društvo	noun	hbs	podjetje	noun	slv
zrakoplovstvo	noun	hbs	letalstvo	noun	slv
carstvo	noun	hbs	imperij	noun	slv
ostrvo	noun	hbs	otok	noun	slv
drvo	noun	hbs	les	noun	slv
slovo	noun	hbs	slovo	noun	slv
gostoprimstvo	noun	hbs	gostoljubnost	noun	slv
vlakno	noun	hbs	vlakno	noun	slv
put	noun	hbs	pot	noun	slv
put	noun	hbs	pot	noun	slv
grad	noun	hbs	mesto	noun	slv
obitelj	noun	hbs	družina	noun	slv
rad	noun	hbs	delo	noun	slv
red	noun	hbs	vrstica	noun	slv
svijet	noun	hbs	svet	noun	slv
vijeće	noun	hbs	svet	noun	slv
rezultat	noun	hbs	rezultat	noun	slv
prkos	noun	hbs	trma	noun	slv
upliv	noun	hbs	vpliv	noun	slv
materijal	noun	hbs	material	noun	slv
pas	noun	hbs	pes	noun	slv
tip	noun	hbs	vrsta	noun	slv
vrsta	noun	hbs	tip	noun	slv
vrsta	noun	hbs	vrsta	noun	slv
crv	noun	hbs	črv	noun	slv
đak	noun	hbs	študent	noun	slv
pozor	noun	hbs	pozornost	noun	slv
odbor	noun	hbs	odbor	noun	slv
oprez	noun	hbs	pazljivost	noun	slv
transfer	noun	hbs	prenos	noun	slv
dolazak	noun	hbs	prihod	noun	slv
odlazak	noun	hbs	odhod	noun	slv
ulazak	noun	hbs	vpis	noun	slv
zakonik	noun	hbs	zakonik	noun	slv
osjećaj	noun	hbs	občutek	noun	slv
poremećaj	noun	hbs	motnja	noun	slv
momak	noun	hbs	moški	noun	slv
ustanak	noun	hbs	vstaja	noun	slv
dečko	noun	hbs	deček	noun	slv
stupanj	noun	hbs	stopnja	noun	slv
čarolija	noun	hbs	čarovnija	noun	slv
emisija	noun	hbs	emisija	noun	slv
povjerenica	noun	hbs	komisarka	noun	slv
računica	noun	hbs	izračun	noun	slv
skica	noun	hbs	osnutek	noun	slv
isprika	noun	hbs	opravičilo	noun	slv
ljubomora	noun	hbs	ljubosumje	noun	slv
ljubopitnost	noun	hbs	radovednost	noun	slv
nestašica	noun	hbs	pomanjkanje	noun	slv
opomena	noun	hbs	opozorilo	noun	slv
posada	noun	hbs	posadka	noun	slv
pošteda	noun	hbs	počitek	noun	slv
proizvodnost	noun	hbs	produktivnost	noun	slv
skupština	noun	hbs	skupščina	noun	slv
udobnost	noun	hbs	udobje	noun	slv
posvećenost	noun	hbs	zaveza	noun	slv
mudrost	noun	hbs	modrost	noun	slv
računalo	noun	hbs	računalnik	noun	slv
vino	noun	hbs	vino	noun	slv
klub	noun	hbs	klub	noun	slv
status	noun	hbs	status	noun	slv
prostor	noun	hbs	prostor	noun	slv
program	noun	hbs	program	noun	slv
pribor	noun	hbs	pribor	noun	slv
damping	noun	hbs	damping	noun	slv
anti-damping	noun	hbs	anti-damping	noun	slv
marketing	noun	hbs	trženje	noun	slv
motor	noun	hbs	motor	noun	slv
faktor	noun	hbs	faktor	noun	slv
režim	noun	hbs	režim	noun	slv
okvir	noun	hbs	okvir	noun	slv
način	noun	hbs	način	noun	slv
problem	noun	hbs	problem	noun	slv
parlament	noun	hbs	parlament	noun	slv
azil	noun	hbs	azil	noun	slv
internet	noun	hbs	internet	noun	slv
dokument	noun	hbs	dokument	noun	slv
element	noun	hbs	element	noun	slv
zakon	noun	hbs	zakon	noun	slv
sporazum	noun	hbs	sporazum	noun	slv
kredit	noun	hbs	kredit	noun	slv
ribolov	noun	hbs	ribolov	noun	slv
stadion	noun	hbs	stadion	noun	slv
napad	noun	hbs	napad	noun	slv
album	noun	hbs	album	noun	slv
datum	noun	hbs	datum	noun	slv
film	noun	hbs	film	noun	slv
član	noun	hbs	član	noun	slv
direktor	noun	hbs	direktor	noun	slv
sin	noun	hbs	sin	noun	slv
test	noun	hbs	test	noun	slv
test	noun	hbs	preskus	noun	slv
sir	noun	hbs	sir	noun	slv
mir	noun	hbs	mir	noun	slv
cilj	noun	hbs	cilj	noun	slv
pop	noun	hbs	duhovnik	noun	slv
ugljikovodik	noun	hbs	ogljikovodik	noun	slv
rod	noun	hbs	rod	noun	slv
trend	noun	hbs	trend	noun	slv
vrh	noun	hbs	vrh	noun	slv
helikopter	noun	hbs	helikopter	noun	slv
hotel	noun	hbs	hotel	noun	slv
model	noun	hbs	model	noun	slv
profil	noun	hbs	profil	noun	slv
simbol	noun	hbs	simbol	noun	slv
gost	noun	hbs	gost	noun	slv
gost	noun	hbs	gost	noun	slv
kapetan	noun	hbs	kapetan	noun	slv
bog	noun	hbs	bog	noun	slv
rog	noun	hbs	rog	noun	slv
prag	noun	hbs	prag	noun	slv
monolog	noun	hbs	monolog	noun	slv
val	noun	hbs	val	noun	slv
predstavnik	noun	hbs	predstavnik	noun	slv
posrednik	noun	hbs	posrednik	noun	slv
urednik	noun	hbs	urednik	noun	slv
kralj	noun	hbs	kralj	noun	slv
dolar	noun	hbs	dolar	noun	slv
nadzor	noun	hbs	nadzor	noun	slv
požar	noun	hbs	požar	noun	slv
poraz	noun	hbs	poraz	noun	slv
intervju	noun	hbs	intervju	noun	slv
reaktor	noun	hbs	reaktor	noun	slv
seminar	noun	hbs	seminar	noun	slv
govor	noun	hbs	govor	noun	slv
profesor	noun	hbs	profesor	noun	slv
admiral	noun	hbs	admiral	noun	slv
partner	noun	hbs	partner	noun	slv
pilot	noun	hbs	pilot	noun	slv
virus	noun	hbs	virus	noun	slv
virus	noun	hbs	virus	noun	slv
vol	noun	hbs	vol	noun	slv
Rom	noun	hbs	Rom	noun	slv
profit	noun	hbs	dobiček	noun	slv
autor	noun	hbs	avtor	noun	slv
liburn	noun	hbs	liburn	noun	slv
liburn	noun	hbs	liburn	noun	slv
pilotkinja	noun	hbs	pilot	noun	slv
brat	noun	hbs	brat	noun	slv
demokrat	noun	hbs	demokrat	noun	slv
socijaldemokrat	noun	hbs	socialdemokrat	noun	slv
kandidat	noun	hbs	kandidat	noun	slv
januar	noun	hbs	januar	noun	slv
februar	noun	hbs	februar	noun	slv
april	noun	hbs	april	noun	slv
maj	noun	hbs	maj	noun	slv
avgust	noun	hbs	avgust	noun	slv
proces	noun	hbs	proces	noun	slv
kamen	noun	hbs	kamen	noun	slv
jezik	noun	hbs	jezik	noun	slv
trener	noun	hbs	trener	noun	slv
arhiv	noun	hbs	arhiv	noun	slv
prijatelj	noun	hbs	prijatelj	noun	slv
izvjestitelj	noun	hbs	poročevalec	noun	slv
položaj	noun	hbs	položaj	noun	slv
tečaj	noun	hbs	tečaj	noun	slv
otok	noun	hbs	otok	noun	slv
prvak	noun	hbs	prvak	noun	slv
korak	noun	hbs	korak	noun	slv
zrak	noun	hbs	zrak	noun	slv
biro	noun	hbs	biro	noun	slv
moto	noun	hbs	moto	noun	slv
radio	noun	hbs	radio	noun	slv
tempo	noun	hbs	tempo	noun	slv
skupina	noun	hbs	skupina	noun	slv
želja	noun	hbs	želja	noun	slv
prodaja	noun	hbs	prodaja	noun	slv
trava	noun	hbs	trava	noun	slv
aristokracija	noun	hbs	aristokracija	noun	slv
praksa	noun	hbs	praksa	noun	slv
obala	noun	hbs	obala	noun	slv
čestitost	noun	hbs	poštenost	noun	slv
supsidiarnost	noun	hbs	subsidiarnost	noun	slv
formalnost	noun	hbs	formalnost	noun	slv
funkcionalnost	noun	hbs	funkcionalnost	noun	slv
jasnost	noun	hbs	jasnost	noun	slv
kava	noun	hbs	kava	noun	slv
plemenitost	noun	hbs	plemenitost	noun	slv
proizvodnja	noun	hbs	proizvodnja	noun	slv
proizvodnja	noun	hbs	pridelava	noun	slv
zastava	noun	hbs	zastava	noun	slv
vlada	noun	hbs	vlada	noun	slv
izjava	noun	hbs	izjava	noun	slv
izjava	noun	hbs	izkaz	noun	slv
razglednica	noun	hbs	razglednica	noun	slv
točka	noun	hbs	točka	noun	slv
policija	noun	hbs	policija	noun	slv
regija	noun	hbs	regija	noun	slv
ekipa	noun	hbs	ekipa	noun	slv
ulica	noun	hbs	ulica	noun	slv
sezona	noun	hbs	sezona	noun	slv
kriza	noun	hbs	kriza	noun	slv
torta	noun	hbs	torta	noun	slv
količina	noun	hbs	količina	noun	slv
alternativa	noun	hbs	alternativa	noun	slv
analiza	noun	hbs	analiza	noun	slv
anketa	noun	hbs	anketa	noun	slv
arhitektura	noun	hbs	arhitektura	noun	slv
baza	noun	hbs	baza	noun	slv
bomba	noun	hbs	bomba	noun	slv
brazda	noun	hbs	brazda	noun	slv
infrastruktura	noun	hbs	infrastruktura	noun	slv
kampanja	noun	hbs	kampanja	noun	slv
koža	noun	hbs	koža	noun	slv
kultura	noun	hbs	kultura	noun	slv
masa	noun	hbs	masa	noun	slv
mreža	noun	hbs	mreža	noun	slv
mreža	noun	hbs	omrežje	noun	slv
nagrada	noun	hbs	nagrada	noun	slv
ravnoteža	noun	hbs	ravnovesje	noun	slv
ravnoteža	noun	hbs	ravnotežje	noun	slv
obnova	noun	hbs	obnova	noun	slv
oprema	noun	hbs	oprema	noun	slv
osnova	noun	hbs	osnova	noun	slv
panorama	noun	hbs	panorama	noun	slv
perspektiva	noun	hbs	perspektiva	noun	slv
reforma	noun	hbs	reforma	noun	slv
struktura	noun	hbs	struktura	noun	slv
temperatura	noun	hbs	temperatura	noun	slv
uprava	noun	hbs	uprava	noun	slv
faza	noun	hbs	faza	noun	slv
hrana	noun	hbs	hrana	noun	slv
centrala	noun	hbs	centrala	noun	slv
organizacija	noun	hbs	organizacija	noun	slv
privatizacija	noun	hbs	privatizacija	noun	slv
civilizacija	noun	hbs	civilizacija	noun	slv
politizacija	noun	hbs	politizacija	noun	slv
agencija	noun	hbs	agencija	noun	slv
akademija	noun	hbs	akademija	noun	slv
alergija	noun	hbs	alergija	noun	slv
anestezija	noun	hbs	anestezija	noun	slv
asimilacija	noun	hbs	asimilacija	noun	slv
religija	noun	hbs	religija	noun	slv
mitologija	noun	hbs	mitologija	noun	slv
metodologija	noun	hbs	metodologija	noun	slv
generacija	noun	hbs	generacija	noun	slv
degradacija	noun	hbs	degradacija	noun	slv
demonstracija	noun	hbs	demonstracija	noun	slv
dinastija	noun	hbs	dinastija	noun	slv
dokumentacija	noun	hbs	dokumentacija	noun	slv
ekonomija	noun	hbs	ekonomija	noun	slv
eksplozija	noun	hbs	eksplozija	noun	slv
identifikacija	noun	hbs	identifikacija	noun	slv
ideja	noun	hbs	ideja	noun	slv
integracija	noun	hbs	integracija	noun	slv
kategorija	noun	hbs	kategorija	noun	slv
komisija	noun	hbs	komisija	noun	slv
komunikacija	noun	hbs	komunikacija	noun	slv
konvencija	noun	hbs	konvencija	noun	slv
koncentracija	noun	hbs	koncentracija	noun	slv
linija	noun	hbs	linija	noun	slv
opozicija	noun	hbs	opozicija	noun	slv
reakcija	noun	hbs	reakcija	noun	slv
revizija	noun	hbs	revizija	noun	slv
rekonstrukcija	noun	hbs	rekonstrukcija	noun	slv
serija	noun	hbs	serija	noun	slv
unija	noun	hbs	unija	noun	slv
strategija	noun	hbs	strategija	noun	slv
tehnologija	noun	hbs	tehnologija	noun	slv
fotografija	noun	hbs	fotografija	noun	slv
funkcija	noun	hbs	funkcija	noun	slv
atrakcija	noun	hbs	atrakcija	noun	slv
definicija	noun	hbs	definicija	noun	slv
ilustracija	noun	hbs	ilustracija	noun	slv
kombinacija	noun	hbs	kombinacija	noun	slv
konfiguracija	noun	hbs	konfiguracija	noun	slv
manipulacija	noun	hbs	manipulacija	noun	slv
manifestacija	noun	hbs	manifestacija	noun	slv
mehanizacija	noun	hbs	mehanizacija	noun	slv
mutacija	noun	hbs	mutacija	noun	slv
projekcija	noun	hbs	projekcija	noun	slv
revolucija	noun	hbs	revolucija	noun	slv
registracija	noun	hbs	registracija	noun	slv
rekreacija	noun	hbs	rekreacija	noun	slv
reprodukcija	noun	hbs	reprodukcija	noun	slv
stimulacija	noun	hbs	stimulacija	noun	slv
subvencija	noun	hbs	subvencija	noun	slv
tradicija	noun	hbs	tradicija	noun	slv
banka	noun	hbs	banka	noun	slv
stranka	noun	hbs	stranka	noun	slv
vojska	noun	hbs	vojska	noun	slv
kritika	noun	hbs	kritika	noun	slv
politika	noun	hbs	politika	noun	slv
puška	noun	hbs	puška	noun	slv
razlika	noun	hbs	razlika	noun	slv
republika	noun	hbs	republika	noun	slv
statistika	noun	hbs	statistika	noun	slv
knjiga	noun	hbs	knjiga	noun	slv
liga	noun	hbs	liga	noun	slv
cenzura	noun	hbs	cenzura	noun	slv
slika	noun	hbs	slika	noun	slv
energetika	noun	hbs	energetika	noun	slv
oznaka	noun	hbs	oznaka	noun	slv
površina	noun	hbs	površina	noun	slv
katastrofa	noun	hbs	katastrofa	noun	slv
teorija	noun	hbs	teorija	noun	slv
mafija	noun	hbs	mafija	noun	slv
galerija	noun	hbs	galerija	noun	slv
rafinerija	noun	hbs	rafinerija	noun	slv
literatura	noun	hbs	literatura	noun	slv
kvalifikacija	noun	hbs	kvalifikacija	noun	slv
kvalifikacija	noun	hbs	usposobljenost	noun	slv
kamera	noun	hbs	kamera	noun	slv
kabina	noun	hbs	kabina	noun	slv
stranka	noun	hbs	stranka	noun	slv
kocka	noun	hbs	kocka	noun	slv
jesen	noun	hbs	jesen	noun	slv
sol	noun	hbs	sol	noun	slv
smrt	noun	hbs	smrt	noun	slv
čast	noun	hbs	čast	noun	slv
znanost	noun	hbs	znanost	noun	slv
vlažnost	noun	hbs	vlažnost	noun	slv
novost	noun	hbs	novost	noun	slv
odgovornost	noun	hbs	odgovornost	noun	slv
pripadnost	noun	hbs	pripadnost	noun	slv
produktivnost	noun	hbs	produktivnost	noun	slv
realnost	noun	hbs	realnost	noun	slv
rješenost	noun	hbs	odločnost	noun	slv
sposobnost	noun	hbs	sposobnost	noun	slv
budnost	noun	hbs	budnost	noun	slv
žalost	noun	hbs	žalost	noun	slv
lojalnost	noun	hbs	lojalnost	noun	slv
milost	noun	hbs	milost	noun	slv
neodgovornost	noun	hbs	neodgovornost	noun	slv
objektivnost	noun	hbs	objektivnost	noun	slv
prednost	noun	hbs	prednost	noun	slv
radioaktivnost	noun	hbs	radioaktivnost	noun	slv
razdražljivost	noun	hbs	razdražljivost	noun	slv
legitimnost	noun	hbs	legitimnost	noun	slv
slabost	noun	hbs	slabost	noun	slv
starost	noun	hbs	starost	noun	slv
tajnost	noun	hbs	tajnost	noun	slv
bombardiranje	noun	hbs	bombardiranje	noun	slv
bratstvo	noun	hbs	bratstvo	noun	slv
dostojanstvo	noun	hbs	dostojanstvo	noun	slv
finale	noun	hbs	finale	noun	slv
financiranje	noun	hbs	financiranje	noun	slv
gospodarstvo	noun	hbs	gospodarstvo	noun	slv
gotovanstvo	noun	hbs	gost	noun	slv
grubijanstvo	noun	hbs	grobost	noun	slv
imenovanje	noun	hbs	imenovanje	noun	slv
izgnanstvo	noun	hbs	izgnanstvo	noun	slv
jezero	noun	hbs	jezero	noun	slv
komesarstvo	noun	hbs	komisar	noun	slv
krilo	noun	hbs	krilo	noun	slv
nasilje	noun	hbs	nasilje	noun	slv
pero	noun	hbs	pero	noun	slv
pivo	noun	hbs	pivo	noun	slv
podanstvo	noun	hbs	podložnik	noun	slv
ponavljanje	noun	hbs	ponavljanje	noun	slv
pranje	noun	hbs	pranje	noun	slv
predavanje	noun	hbs	predavanje	noun	slv
prijateljstvo	noun	hbs	prijateljstvo	noun	slv
prikrivanje	noun	hbs	prikrivanje	noun	slv
priznanje	noun	hbs	priznanje	noun	slv
razočaranje	noun	hbs	razočaranje	noun	slv
srce	noun	hbs	srce	noun	slv
sredstvo	noun	hbs	sredstvo	noun	slv
testiranje	noun	hbs	testiranje	noun	slv
ubijanje	noun	hbs	ubijanje	noun	slv
učenje	noun	hbs	učenje	noun	slv
upravljanje	noun	hbs	upravljanje	noun	slv
upravljanje	noun	hbs	ravnanje	noun	slv
upravljanje	noun	hbs	obvladovanje	noun	slv
upravljanje	noun	hbs	vodenje	noun	slv
upravljanje	noun	hbs	opravljanje	noun	slv
upravljanje	noun	hbs	poslovodenje	noun	slv
veličanstvo	noun	hbs	veličanstvo	noun	slv
vodstvo	noun	hbs	vodstvo	noun	slv
vozilo	noun	hbs	vozilo	noun	slv
zadovoljstvo	noun	hbs	zadovoljstvo	noun	slv
življenje	noun	hbs	življenje	noun	slv
znanje	noun	hbs	znanje	noun	slv
jutro	noun	hbs	jutro	noun	slv
uho	noun	hbs	uho	noun	slv
uho	noun	hbs	uho	noun	slv
uho	noun	hbs	uho	noun	slv
nebo	noun	hbs	nebo	noun	slv
čelo	noun	hbs	čelo	noun	slv
polje	noun	hbs	polje	noun	slv
grožđe	noun	hbs	grozdje	noun	slv
područje	noun	hbs	področje	noun	slv
manevriranje	noun	hbs	manevriranje	noun	slv
stanje	noun	hbs	stanje	noun	slv
naselje	noun	hbs	naselje	noun	slv
ime	noun	hbs	ime	noun	slv
kumstvo	noun	hbs	sorodstvo	noun	slv
prvenstvo	noun	hbs	prvenstvo	noun	slv
pismo	noun	hbs	pismo	noun	slv
pismo	noun	hbs	dopis	noun	slv
sustav	noun	hbs	sistem	noun	slv
sistem	noun	hbs	sistem	noun	slv
podsustav	noun	hbs	podsistem	noun	slv
rep	noun	hbs	rep	noun	slv
duh	noun	hbs	duh	noun	slv
duh	noun	hbs	duh	noun	slv
duh	noun	hbs	duh	noun	slv
duh	noun	hbs	duh	noun	slv
akropola	noun	hbs	akropola	noun	slv
tane	noun	hbs	krogla	noun	slv
dno	noun	hbs	dno	noun	slv
rekord	noun	hbs	rekord	noun	slv
kompleks	noun	hbs	kompleksnost	noun	slv
suverenitet	noun	hbs	suverenost	noun	slv
bataljun	noun	hbs	bataljon	noun	slv
bataljun	noun	hbs	bataljon	noun	slv
priljev	noun	hbs	pritok	noun	slv
saziv	noun	hbs	sklic	noun	slv
bijeg	noun	hbs	bežanje	noun	slv
premijer	noun	hbs	premier	noun	slv
stanovnik	noun	hbs	rezident	noun	slv
doseljenik	noun	hbs	priseljenec	noun	slv
stanovnik	noun	hbs	prebivalec	noun	slv
avioprijevoznik	noun	hbs	avtoprevoznik	noun	slv
prijevoznik	noun	hbs	prevoznik	noun	slv
potpukovnik	noun	hbs	podpolkovnik	noun	slv
megavat	noun	hbs	megavat	noun	slv
Srbin	noun	hbs	Srb	noun	slv
ekstremist	noun	hbs	ekstremist	noun	slv
kolosijek	noun	hbs	ocenitev	noun	slv
albanac	noun	hbs	albanec	noun	slv
kosovar	noun	hbs	kosovec	noun	slv
vršitelj	noun	hbs	izvršitelj	noun	slv
potrošač	noun	hbs	potrošnik	noun	slv
navijač	noun	hbs	ventilator	noun	slv
prestanak	noun	hbs	prenehanje	noun	slv
euro	noun	hbs	evro	noun	slv
evro	noun	hbs	euro	noun	slv
kolumnista	noun	hbs	kolumnist	noun	slv
liberal	noun	hbs	liberalec	noun	slv
socijalist	noun	hbs	socialist	noun	slv
gomila	noun	hbs	gomila	noun	slv
hrpa	noun	hbs	gomila	noun	slv
para	noun	hbs	para	noun	slv
autokracija	noun	hbs	avtokracija	noun	slv
autokratija	noun	hbs	avtokracija	noun	slv
devaluacija	noun	hbs	devalvacija	noun	slv
diversifikacija	noun	hbs	diverzifikacija	noun	slv
vaška	noun	hbs	banja	noun	slv
kolegica	noun	hbs	sodelavka	noun	slv
šiba	noun	hbs	šiba	noun	slv
provjera	noun	hbs	preveritev	noun	slv
kuna	noun	hbs	kuna	noun	slv
pratnja	noun	hbs	spremljava	noun	slv
batina	noun	hbs	batina	noun	slv
cigara	noun	hbs	cigara	noun	slv
albanka	noun	hbs	albanka	noun	slv
premijera	noun	hbs	premiera	noun	slv
čovječnost	noun	hbs	humanost	noun	slv
dugovječnost	noun	hbs	dolgoživost	noun	slv
lakomost	noun	hbs	lakomnost	noun	slv
nepokretnost	noun	hbs	nepokretnost	noun	slv
oborina	noun	hbs	padavina	noun	slv
otmica	noun	hbs	ugrabitev	noun	slv
rezerviranost	noun	hbs	vzdržanost	noun	slv
šaljivost	noun	hbs	šaljivost	noun	slv
snošljivost	noun	hbs	strpnost	noun	slv
spokojnost	noun	hbs	spokojnost	noun	slv
trpeljivost	noun	hbs	strpnost	noun	slv
utaja	noun	hbs	utaja	noun	slv
uvjerenost	noun	hbs	zanašanje	noun	slv
uvjerenost	noun	hbs	prepričanje	noun	slv
pista	noun	hbs	pista	noun	slv
vrjednoća	noun	hbs	marljivost	noun	slv
pandža	noun	hbs	parkelj	noun	slv
kandža	noun	hbs	parkelj	noun	slv
isporuka	noun	hbs	dostava	noun	slv
ambasada	noun	hbs	veleposlaništvo	noun	slv
basna	noun	hbs	pripovedka	noun	slv
viza	noun	hbs	vizum	noun	slv
viza	noun	hbs	viza	noun	slv
dozvola	noun	hbs	omogočitev	noun	slv
odredba	noun	hbs	uredba	noun	slv
prilagodba	noun	hbs	prilagoditev	noun	slv
olimpijada	noun	hbs	olimpijada	noun	slv
renesansa	noun	hbs	renesansa	noun	slv
samouprava	noun	hbs	samouprava	noun	slv
potjernica	noun	hbs	tiralica	noun	slv
kanalizacija	noun	hbs	kanalizacija	noun	slv
modernizacija	noun	hbs	posodobitev	noun	slv
signalizacija	noun	hbs	signalizacija	noun	slv
harmonizacija	noun	hbs	usklajevanje	noun	slv
radikalizacija	noun	hbs	radikalizacija	noun	slv
kantonizacija	noun	hbs	kantonizacija	noun	slv
federalizacija	noun	hbs	federalizacija	noun	slv
abdikacija	noun	hbs	odpovedovanje	noun	slv
racija	noun	hbs	racija	noun	slv
ambrozija	noun	hbs	ambrozia	noun	slv
aplikacija	noun	hbs	aplikacija	noun	slv
apstrakcija	noun	hbs	abstrakcija	noun	slv
aspiracija	noun	hbs	stremljenje	noun	slv
beatifikacija	noun	hbs	beatifikacija	noun	slv
biblija	noun	hbs	biblija	noun	slv
ventilacija	noun	hbs	prezračevanje	noun	slv
videokonferencija	noun	hbs	videokonferenca	noun	slv
demarkacija	noun	hbs	razmejitev	noun	slv
ekstradicija	noun	hbs	izročitev	noun	slv
inercija	noun	hbs	inercija	noun	slv
instalacija	noun	hbs	namestitev	noun	slv
islamizacija	noun	hbs	islamizacija	noun	slv
koprodukcija	noun	hbs	koprodukcija	noun	slv
korekcija	noun	hbs	korekcija	noun	slv
korespondencija	noun	hbs	korespondenca	noun	slv
peticija	noun	hbs	peticija	noun	slv
preorijentacija	noun	hbs	preusmeritev	noun	slv
regulacija	noun	hbs	uredba	noun	slv
samoizolacija	noun	hbs	osamitev	noun	slv
unifikacija	noun	hbs	unifikacija	noun	slv
fondacija	noun	hbs	fundacija	noun	slv
hospitalizacija	noun	hbs	hospitalizacija	noun	slv
adaptacija	noun	hbs	adaptacija	noun	slv
akumulacija	noun	hbs	akumulacija	noun	slv
apsorpcija	noun	hbs	absorpcija	noun	slv
aukcija	noun	hbs	dražba	noun	slv
digitalizacija	noun	hbs	digitalizacija	noun	slv
industrijalizacija	noun	hbs	industrializacija	noun	slv
kompjuterizacija	noun	hbs	informatizacija	noun	slv
kondicija	noun	hbs	kondicija	noun	slv
korporacija	noun	hbs	korporacija	noun	slv
likvidacija	noun	hbs	likvidacija	noun	slv
lustracija	noun	hbs	lustracija	noun	slv
opstrukcija	noun	hbs	obstrukcija	noun	slv
popularizacija	noun	hbs	popularizacija	noun	slv
prekvalifikacija	noun	hbs	prekvalifikacija	noun	slv
proliferacija	noun	hbs	proliferacija	noun	slv
redistribucija	noun	hbs	prerazporeditev	noun	slv
rekonfiguracija	noun	hbs	rekonfiguracija	noun	slv
repatrijacija	noun	hbs	repatriacija	noun	slv
reunifikacija	noun	hbs	združitev	noun	slv
specijalizacija	noun	hbs	specializacija	noun	slv
potvrda	noun	hbs	potrditev	noun	slv
telefonija	noun	hbs	telefonija	noun	slv
radiodifuzija	noun	hbs	radiodifuzija	noun	slv
inovacija	noun	hbs	inovacija	noun	slv
izoliranost	noun	hbs	izolacija	noun	slv
aktiviranje	noun	hbs	aktivacija	noun	slv
detoniranje	noun	hbs	detonacija	noun	slv
distanciranje	noun	hbs	disociacija	noun	slv
garantiranje	noun	hbs	garancija	noun	slv
emigracija	noun	hbs	izseljevanje	noun	slv
imigracija	noun	hbs	priseljevanje	noun	slv
koordinacija	noun	hbs	usklajevanje	noun	slv
koordinacija	noun	hbs	uskladitev	noun	slv
rotacija	noun	hbs	vrtenje	noun	slv
percepcija	noun	hbs	dojemanje	noun	slv
toplifikacija	noun	hbs	ogrevanje	noun	slv
kleveta	noun	hbs	obrekovanje	noun	slv
zastupljenost	noun	hbs	zastopanje	noun	slv
abdiciranje	noun	hbs	odpovedovanje	noun	slv
adaptiranje	noun	hbs	adaptiranje	noun	slv
certifikovanje	noun	hbs	certificiranje	noun	slv
deaktiviranje	noun	hbs	deaktiviranje	noun	slv
deblokiranje	noun	hbs	deblokiranje	noun	slv
dejstvovanje	noun	hbs	delovanje	noun	slv
deklariranje	noun	hbs	deklariranje	noun	slv
deklarisanje	noun	hbs	označevanje	noun	slv
deblokiranje	noun	hbs	deblokiranje	noun	slv
dezertiranje	noun	hbs	dezertiranje	noun	slv
dizanje	noun	hbs	dvigovanje	noun	slv
dodjeljivanje	noun	hbs	dodeljevanje	noun	slv
emitovanje	noun	hbs	oddajanje	noun	slv
etiketiranje	noun	hbs	označevanje	noun	slv
finaliziranje	noun	hbs	zaključevanje	noun	slv
fokusiranje	noun	hbs	osredotočanje	noun	slv
generiranje	noun	hbs	generiranje	noun	slv
glasanje	noun	hbs	glasovanje	noun	slv
gledanje	noun	hbs	gledanje	noun	slv
gorenje	noun	hbs	gorenje	noun	slv
grijanje	noun	hbs	ogrevanje	noun	slv
gubljenje	noun	hbs	izgubljanje	noun	slv
harmoniziranje	noun	hbs	usklajevanje	noun	slv
hvatanje	noun	hbs	zajemanje	noun	slv
identificiranje	noun	hbs	identificiranje	noun	slv
ignorisanje	noun	hbs	ignoriranje	noun	slv
inficiranje	noun	hbs	okuženje	noun	slv
insceniranje	noun	hbs	insceniranje	noun	slv
iskapanje	noun	hbs	izkopavanje	noun	slv
isključivanje	noun	hbs	izključevanje	noun	slv
iskopavanje	noun	hbs	izkopavanje	noun	slv
iskorijenjivanje	noun	hbs	izkoreninjenje	noun	slv
ispiranje	noun	hbs	izpiranje	noun	slv
istjecanje	noun	hbs	uhajanje	noun	slv
istrebljenje	noun	hbs	iztrebljanje	noun	slv
izazivanje	noun	hbs	izzivanje	noun	slv
izbjegavanje	noun	hbs	izogibanje	noun	slv
izdizanje	noun	hbs	dvigovanje	noun	slv
kašnjenje	noun	hbs	zamujanje	noun	slv
kombinovanje	noun	hbs	kombiniranje	noun	slv
kompletiranje	noun	hbs	dokončanje	noun	slv
kompromitiranje	noun	hbs	kompromitiranje	noun	slv
konsolidiranje	noun	hbs	konsolidiranje	noun	slv
konstituiranje	noun	hbs	konstituiranje	noun	slv
konzerviranje	noun	hbs	konzerviranje	noun	slv
koordiniranje	noun	hbs	usklajevanje	noun	slv
korigiranje	noun	hbs	korigiranje	noun	slv
kožarstvo	noun	hbs	strojenje	noun	slv
kriminaliziranje	noun	hbs	kriminaliziranje	noun	slv
lociranje	noun	hbs	lociranje	noun	slv
mirovanje	noun	hbs	mirovanje	noun	slv
mutiranje	noun	hbs	mutiranje	noun	slv
nefunkcioniranje	noun	hbs	nedelovanje	noun	slv
nepoštovanje	noun	hbs	nespoštovanje	noun	slv
obeshrabrivanje	noun	hbs	odvračanje	noun	slv
obilježavanje	noun	hbs	označevanje	noun	slv
oduzimanje	noun	hbs	odštevanje	noun	slv
omogućavanje	noun	hbs	omogočanje	noun	slv
osnaženje	noun	hbs	ojačanje	noun	slv
osvajanje	noun	hbs	osvajanje	noun	slv
otpuštanje	noun	hbs	odpuščanje	noun	slv
parafiranje	noun	hbs	parafiranje	noun	slv
paraliziranje	noun	hbs	paraliziranje	noun	slv
plaćanje	noun	hbs	plačevanje	noun	slv
podlaganje	noun	hbs	podlaganje	noun	slv
podsticanje	noun	hbs	motiviranje	noun	slv
pokrivanje	noun	hbs	pokrivanje	noun	slv
politiziranje	noun	hbs	politiziranje	noun	slv
pomirivanje	noun	hbs	umirjanje	noun	slv
potkopavanje	noun	hbs	podkopavanje	noun	slv
potvrđivanje	noun	hbs	potrjevanje	noun	slv
pozerstvo	noun	hbs	poziranje	noun	slv
praćenje	noun	hbs	sledenje	noun	slv
pravljenje	noun	hbs	izdelovanje	noun	slv
precrtavanje	noun	hbs	prečrtavanje	noun	slv
predosjećanje	noun	hbs	predvidevanje	noun	slv
predsjedništvo	noun	hbs	predsedovanje	noun	slv
predsjedništvo	noun	hbs	predsedstvo	noun	slv
preglašavanje	noun	hbs	preglasovanje	noun	slv
prekidanje	noun	hbs	prekinjanje	noun	slv
priključivanje	noun	hbs	priključevanje	noun	slv
produživanje	noun	hbs	podaljševanje	noun	slv
prognoziranje	noun	hbs	napovedovanje	noun	slv
prolongiranje	noun	hbs	podaljšanje	noun	slv
promoviranje	noun	hbs	promoviranje	noun	slv
prosvjetiteljstvo	noun	hbs	razsvetljenje	noun	slv
rafiniranje	noun	hbs	rafiniranje	noun	slv
raspolaganje	noun	hbs	razpolaganje	noun	slv
razgledavanje	noun	hbs	razgledovanje	noun	slv
razmnožavanje	noun	hbs	razmnoževanje	noun	slv
restrukturiranje	noun	hbs	prestrukturiranje	noun	slv
skijanje	noun	hbs	smučanje	noun	slv
skladištenje	noun	hbs	shranjevanje	noun	slv
snebivanje	noun	hbs	krčenje	noun	slv
spominjanje	noun	hbs	spominjanje	noun	slv
spoticanje	noun	hbs	spotikanje	noun	slv
spremanje	noun	hbs	shranjevanje	noun	slv
stimuliranje	noun	hbs	stimuliranje	noun	slv
suočenje	noun	hbs	soočenje	noun	slv
liječenje	noun	hbs	obravnavanje	noun	slv
teroriziranje	noun	hbs	teroriziranje	noun	slv
transformiranje	noun	hbs	preoblikovanje	noun	slv
zabavljanje	noun	hbs	zabavljanje	noun	slv
žaljenje	noun	hbs	žaljenje	noun	slv
žaljenje	noun	hbs	obžalovanje	noun	slv
zamrzavanje	noun	hbs	zamrzovanje	noun	slv
zaokruživanje	noun	hbs	zaokroževanje	noun	slv
zaplašivanje	noun	hbs	ustrahovanje	noun	slv
zatopljivanje	noun	hbs	segrevanje	noun	slv
zalaganje	noun	hbs	zalaganje	noun	slv
certificiranje	noun	hbs	certificiranje	noun	slv
dokumentiranje	noun	hbs	dokumentiranje	noun	slv
informiranje	noun	hbs	informiranje	noun	slv
licenciranje	noun	hbs	licenciranje	noun	slv
lobiranje	noun	hbs	lobiranje	noun	slv
modeliranje	noun	hbs	modeliranje	noun	slv
preimenovanje	noun	hbs	preimenovanje	noun	slv
recikliranje	noun	hbs	recikliranje	noun	slv
ignoriranje	noun	hbs	ignoriranje	noun	slv
sortiranje	noun	hbs	sortiranje	noun	slv
konfrontacija	noun	hbs	soočenje	noun	slv
tolerancija	noun	hbs	strpnost	noun	slv
ekstravagancija	noun	hbs	potratnost	noun	slv
besmrtnost	noun	hbs	nesmrtnost	noun	slv
energičnost	noun	hbs	energičnost	noun	slv
invalidnost	noun	hbs	invalidnost	noun	slv
konkurentnost	noun	hbs	konkurenčnost	noun	slv
konstruktivnost	noun	hbs	konstruktivnost	noun	slv
nezaposlenost	noun	hbs	brezposelnost	noun	slv
zaposlenost	noun	hbs	zaposlenost	noun	slv
neefikasnost	noun	hbs	neučinkovitost	noun	slv
neutralnost	noun	hbs	nevtralnost	noun	slv
okretnost	noun	hbs	okretnost	noun	slv
smjelost	noun	hbs	drznost	noun	slv
stabilnost	noun	hbs	stabilnost	noun	slv
transparentnost	noun	hbs	preglednost	noun	slv
umjerenost	noun	hbs	zmernost	noun	slv
autentičnost	noun	hbs	avtentičnost	noun	slv
sporost	noun	hbs	počasnost	noun	slv
genijalnost	noun	hbs	iznajdljivost	noun	slv
gledanost	noun	hbs	gledanost	noun	slv
dvosmislenost	noun	hbs	dvomiselnost	noun	slv
djelatnost	noun	hbs	dejavnosti	noun	slv
direktnost	noun	hbs	neposrednost	noun	slv
izravnost	noun	hbs	neposrednost	noun	slv
zrelost	noun	hbs	zrelost	noun	slv
dostupnost	noun	hbs	razpoložljivost	noun	slv
državotvornost	noun	hbs	državnost	noun	slv
jedinstvenost	noun	hbs	edinstvenost	noun	slv
ekstravagantnost	noun	hbs	ekstravagantnost	noun	slv
zaduženost	noun	hbs	zadolženost	noun	slv
zainteresiranost	noun	hbs	zainteresiranost	noun	slv
zapuštenost	noun	hbs	zapuščenost	noun	slv
izloženost	noun	hbs	izpostavljenost	noun	slv
indiferentnost	noun	hbs	brezbrižnost	noun	slv
kvalificiranost	noun	hbs	upravičenost	noun	slv
naseljenost	noun	hbs	naseljenost	noun	slv
nehajnost	noun	hbs	nesmotrnost	noun	slv
nelegalnost	noun	hbs	nezakonitost	noun	slv
nemogućnost	noun	hbs	nezmožnost	noun	slv
nepripremljenost	noun	hbs	nepripravljenost	noun	slv
neprofesionalnost	noun	hbs	nestrokovno	noun	slv
neodlučnost	noun	hbs	neodločnost	noun	slv
nefunkcionalnost	noun	hbs	nefunkcionalnost	noun	slv
obvezanost	noun	hbs	obvezanost	noun	slv
pozicioniranost	noun	hbs	pozicioniranost	noun	slv
postojanost	noun	hbs	stabilnost	noun	slv
prenatrpanost	noun	hbs	prenatrpanost	noun	slv
obazrivost	noun	hbs	preudarnost	noun	slv
pristupačnost	noun	hbs	dostopnost	noun	slv
različitost	noun	hbs	raznolikost	noun	slv
razočaranost	noun	hbs	razočaranost	noun	slv
ravnodušnost	noun	hbs	brezbrižnost	noun	slv
rasprostranjenost	noun	hbs	razprostranjenost	noun	slv
samoodrživost	noun	hbs	trajnost	noun	slv
samouvjerenost	noun	hbs	samozavestnost	noun	slv
smirenost	noun	hbs	umirjenost	noun	slv
sofisticiranost	noun	hbs	sofisticiranost	noun	slv
srdačnost	noun	hbs	prisrčnost	noun	slv
tečnost	noun	hbs	gladkost	noun	slv
trezvenost	noun	hbs	zmernost	noun	slv
rješavanje	noun	hbs	ločljivost	noun	slv
toleriranje	noun	hbs	strpnost	noun	slv
uključivanje	noun	hbs	vključenost	noun	slv
ilegalnost	noun	hbs	ilegalnost	noun	slv
preuzvišenost	noun	hbs	odličnost	noun	slv
univerzalnost	noun	hbs	univerzalnost	noun	slv
pohlepnost	noun	hbs	pohlepnost	noun	slv
inertnost	noun	hbs	inertnost	noun	slv
iskrenost	noun	hbs	iskrenost	noun	slv
neiskrenost	noun	hbs	neiskrenost	noun	slv
nekonvencionalnost	noun	hbs	nekonvencionalnost	noun	slv
nestabilnost	noun	hbs	nestabilnost	noun	slv
pismenost	noun	hbs	pismenost	noun	slv
anonimnost	noun	hbs	anonimnost	noun	slv
brutalnost	noun	hbs	brutalnost	noun	slv
vidljivost	noun	hbs	vidljivost	noun	slv
dvojezičnost	noun	hbs	dvojezičnost	noun	slv
državnost	noun	hbs	državnost	noun	slv
mobilnost	noun	hbs	mobilnost	noun	slv
moralnost	noun	hbs	moralnost	noun	slv
neposlušnost	noun	hbs	neposlušnost	noun	slv
postavljenost	noun	hbs	postavljenost	noun	slv
praktičnost	noun	hbs	praktičnost	noun	slv
pristranost	noun	hbs	pristranost	noun	slv
marljivost	noun	hbs	marljivost	noun	slv
likvidnost	noun	hbs	likvidnost	noun	slv
predvidljivost	noun	hbs	predvidljivost	noun	slv
raznolikost	noun	hbs	raznolikost	noun	slv
racionalnost	noun	hbs	racionalnost	noun	slv
spontanost	noun	hbs	spontanost	noun	slv
suverenost	noun	hbs	suverenost	noun	slv
trajnost	noun	hbs	trajnost	noun	slv
nespokojnost	noun	hbs	nespokojnost	noun	slv
pobožnost	noun	hbs	pobožnost	noun	slv
fleksibilnost	noun	hbs	fleksibilnost	noun	slv
fleksibilnost	noun	hbs	prožnost	noun	slv
penzija	noun	hbs	pokojnina	noun	slv
telekomunikacija	noun	hbs	telekomunikacija	noun	slv
apstinencija	noun	hbs	abstinenca	noun	slv
dominacija	noun	hbs	prevlada	noun	slv
konfiskacija	noun	hbs	zaplemba	noun	slv
telekonferencija	noun	hbs	telekonferenca	noun	slv
turbulencija	noun	hbs	turbulenca	noun	slv
garda	noun	hbs	garda	noun	slv
dominantnost	noun	hbs	prevlada	noun	slv
inovativnost	noun	hbs	inovacija	noun	slv
činjenje	noun	hbs	izdelava	noun	slv
izoliranje	noun	hbs	izolacija	noun	slv
izučavanje	noun	hbs	študija	noun	slv
izvršenje	noun	hbs	izvedba	noun	slv
jednoženstvo	noun	hbs	monogamija	noun	slv
kategorizovanje	noun	hbs	kategorizacija	noun	slv
koaliranje	noun	hbs	koalicija	noun	slv
konfisciranje	noun	hbs	zaplemba	noun	slv
kulinarstvo	noun	hbs	kuharska	noun	slv
liberaliziranje	noun	hbs	liberalizacija	noun	slv
mobiliziranje	noun	hbs	mobilizacija	noun	slv
neutraliziranje	noun	hbs	nevtralizacija	noun	slv
normaliziranje	noun	hbs	normalizacija	noun	slv
odredište	noun	hbs	destinacija	noun	slv
otajstvo	noun	hbs	tajna	noun	slv
pečenje	noun	hbs	peka	noun	slv
posredovanje	noun	hbs	mediacija	noun	slv
preustrojstvo	noun	hbs	reformacija	noun	slv
provociranje	noun	hbs	provokacija	noun	slv
racionaliziranje	noun	hbs	racionalizacija	noun	slv
ratificiranje	noun	hbs	ratifikacija	noun	slv
realizovanje	noun	hbs	realizacija	noun	slv
refinanciranje	noun	hbs	refinanciranja	noun	slv
reguliranje	noun	hbs	uredba	noun	slv
reintegriranje	noun	hbs	reintegracija	noun	slv
reorganiziranje	noun	hbs	reorganizacija	noun	slv
rvanje	noun	hbs	rokoborba	noun	slv
sastavljanje	noun	hbs	kompilacija	noun	slv
simuliranje	noun	hbs	simulacija	noun	slv
smaknuće	noun	hbs	izvedba	noun	slv
svinjarstvo	noun	hbs	prašičereja	noun	slv
usuglašavanje	noun	hbs	poravnava	noun	slv
falsifikacija	noun	hbs	falsifikacija	noun	slv
optužba	noun	hbs	obtožba	noun	slv
devalvacija	noun	hbs	devalvacija	noun	slv
diverzifikacija	noun	hbs	diverzifikacija	noun	slv
infiltracija	noun	hbs	infiltracija	noun	slv
obveznica	noun	hbs	obveznica	noun	slv
medalja	noun	hbs	medalja	noun	slv
vagina	noun	hbs	vagina	noun	slv
valuta	noun	hbs	valuta	noun	slv
kandidatura	noun	hbs	kandidatura	noun	slv
komora	noun	hbs	komora	noun	slv
platforma	noun	hbs	platforma	noun	slv
rezerva	noun	hbs	rezerva	noun	slv
stabilizacija	noun	hbs	stabilizacija	noun	slv
decentralizacija	noun	hbs	decentralizacija	noun	slv
denacionalizacija	noun	hbs	denacionalizacija	noun	slv
legalizacija	noun	hbs	legalizacija	noun	slv
reorganizacija	noun	hbs	reorganizacija	noun	slv
racionalizacija	noun	hbs	racionalizacija	noun	slv
demokratizacija	noun	hbs	demokratizacija	noun	slv
mobilizacija	noun	hbs	mobilizacija	noun	slv
globalizacija	noun	hbs	globalizacija	noun	slv
profesionalizacija	noun	hbs	profesionalizacija	noun	slv
standardizacija	noun	hbs	standardizacija	noun	slv
evropeizacija	noun	hbs	evropeizacija	noun	slv
urbanizacija	noun	hbs	urbanizacija	noun	slv
dramatizacija	noun	hbs	dramatizacija	noun	slv
amortizacija	noun	hbs	amortizacija	noun	slv
marginalizacija	noun	hbs	marginalizacija	noun	slv
demilitarizacija	noun	hbs	demilitarizacija	noun	slv
polarizacija	noun	hbs	polarizacija	noun	slv
kapitalizacija	noun	hbs	kapitalizacija	noun	slv
aklimatizacija	noun	hbs	aklimatizacija	noun	slv
akreditacija	noun	hbs	akreditacija	noun	slv
alegorija	noun	hbs	alegorija	noun	slv
amnestija	noun	hbs	amnestija	noun	slv
anarhija	noun	hbs	anarhija	noun	slv
anatomija	noun	hbs	anatomija	noun	slv
anemija	noun	hbs	anemija	noun	slv
animacija	noun	hbs	animacija	noun	slv
bakterija	noun	hbs	bakterija	noun	slv
dekoracija	noun	hbs	dekoracija	noun	slv
delegacija	noun	hbs	delegacija	noun	slv
demobilizacija	noun	hbs	demobilizacija	noun	slv
destinacija	noun	hbs	destinacija	noun	slv
detonacija	noun	hbs	detonacija	noun	slv
deflacija	noun	hbs	deflacija	noun	slv
disertacija	noun	hbs	disertacija	noun	slv
distribucija	noun	hbs	distribucija	noun	slv
evakuacija	noun	hbs	evakuacija	noun	slv
evolucija	noun	hbs	evolucija	noun	slv
ekspedicija	noun	hbs	ekspedicija	noun	slv
elektrifikacija	noun	hbs	elektrifikacija	noun	slv
enciklopedija	noun	hbs	enciklopedija	noun	slv
izolacija	noun	hbs	izolacija	noun	slv
koalicija	noun	hbs	koalicija	noun	slv
kodifikacija	noun	hbs	kodifikacija	noun	slv
konsolidacija	noun	hbs	konsolidacija	noun	slv
konzumacija	noun	hbs	konzumacija	noun	slv
liberalizacija	noun	hbs	liberalizacija	noun	slv
liposukcija	noun	hbs	liposukcija	noun	slv
motivacija	noun	hbs	motivacija	noun	slv
naturalizacija	noun	hbs	naturalizacija	noun	slv
nominacija	noun	hbs	nominacija	noun	slv
ratifikacija	noun	hbs	ratifikacija	noun	slv
stagnacija	noun	hbs	stagnacija	noun	slv
transakcija	noun	hbs	transakcija	noun	slv
transformacija	noun	hbs	transformacija	noun	slv
hiperinflacija	noun	hbs	hiperinflacija	noun	slv
dezinfekcija	noun	hbs	dezinfekcija	noun	slv
dekontaminacija	noun	hbs	dekontaminacija	noun	slv
diskretizacija	noun	hbs	diskretizacija	noun	slv
donacija	noun	hbs	donacija	noun	slv
ekstrakcija	noun	hbs	ekstrakcija	noun	slv
emancipacija	noun	hbs	emancipacija	noun	slv
implantacija	noun	hbs	implantacija	noun	slv
imunizacija	noun	hbs	imunizacija	noun	slv
institucionalizacija	noun	hbs	institucionalizacija	noun	slv
interakcija	noun	hbs	interakcija	noun	slv
kapitulacija	noun	hbs	kapitulacija	noun	slv
karakterizacija	noun	hbs	karakterizacija	noun	slv
konotacija	noun	hbs	konotacija	noun	slv
kontaminacija	noun	hbs	kontaminacija	noun	slv
korelacija	noun	hbs	korelacija	noun	slv
lekcija	noun	hbs	lekcija	noun	slv
navigacija	noun	hbs	navigacija	noun	slv
normalizacija	noun	hbs	normalizacija	noun	slv
optimizacija	noun	hbs	optimizacija	noun	slv
provokacija	noun	hbs	provokacija	noun	slv
realizacija	noun	hbs	realizacija	noun	slv
revitalizacija	noun	hbs	revitalizacija	noun	slv
regeneracija	noun	hbs	regeneracija	noun	slv
reintegracija	noun	hbs	reintegracija	noun	slv
sterilizacija	noun	hbs	sterilizacija	noun	slv
stigmatizacija	noun	hbs	stigmatizacija	noun	slv
uzurpacija	noun	hbs	uzurpacija	noun	slv
farmacija	noun	hbs	farmacija	noun	slv
fikcija	noun	hbs	fikcija	noun	slv
finalizacija	noun	hbs	finalizacija	noun	slv
centralizacija	noun	hbs	centralizacija	noun	slv
direktorstvo	noun	hbs	direktorstvo	noun	slv
donkihotstvo	noun	hbs	donkihotstvo	noun	slv
idolopoklonstvo	noun	hbs	malikovalstvo	noun	slv
kavalirstvo	noun	hbs	kavalirstvo	noun	slv
kolekcionarstvo	noun	hbs	zbirateljstvo	noun	slv
ljevičarstvo	noun	hbs	levičarstvo	noun	slv
majstorstvo	noun	hbs	mojstrstvo	noun	slv
manekenstvo	noun	hbs	manekenstvo	noun	slv
mesarstvo	noun	hbs	mesarstvo	noun	slv
mnogoženstvo	noun	hbs	mnogoženstvo	noun	slv
pionirstvo	noun	hbs	pionirstvo	noun	slv
pokroviteljstvo	noun	hbs	pokroviteljstvo	noun	slv
regentstvo	noun	hbs	regentstvo	noun	slv
rezbarstvo	noun	hbs	rezbarstvo	noun	slv
samozadovoljstvo	noun	hbs	samozadovoljstvo	noun	slv
sponzorstvo	noun	hbs	sponzorstvo	noun	slv
tajništvo	noun	hbs	tajništvo	noun	slv
učiteljstvo	noun	hbs	učiteljstvo	noun	slv
veterinarstvo	noun	hbs	veterinarstvo	noun	slv
viteštvo	noun	hbs	viteštvo	noun	slv
žonglerstvo	noun	hbs	žonglerstvo	noun	slv
zubarstvo	noun	hbs	zobozdravstvo	noun	slv
despotstvo	noun	hbs	despotstvo	noun	slv
hajduštvo	noun	hbs	hajduštvo	noun	slv
huliganstvo	noun	hbs	huliganstvo	noun	slv
klobučarstvo	noun	hbs	klobučarstvo	noun	slv
knjigovodstvo	noun	hbs	knjigovodstvo	noun	slv
ljubiteljstvo	noun	hbs	ljubiteljstvo	noun	slv
mentorstvo	noun	hbs	mentorstvo	noun	slv
novinarstvo	noun	hbs	novinarstvo	noun	slv
parazitstvo	noun	hbs	parazitstvo	noun	slv
partnerstvo	noun	hbs	partnerstvo	noun	slv
računovodstvo	noun	hbs	računovodstvo	noun	slv
šarlatanstvo	noun	hbs	šarlatanstvo	noun	slv
vezirstvo	noun	hbs	vezirstvo	noun	slv
vojvodstvo	noun	hbs	vojvodstvo	noun	slv
direkcija	noun	hbs	direktorat	noun	slv
konferencija	noun	hbs	konferenca	noun	slv
migracija	noun	hbs	migracija	noun	slv
droga	noun	hbs	droga	noun	slv
iskustvo	noun	hbs	izkušnja	noun	slv
nominiranje	noun	hbs	nominacija	noun	slv
renoviranje	noun	hbs	prenova	noun	slv
antiteza	noun	hbs	antiteza	noun	slv
banda	noun	hbs	banda	noun	slv
arbitraža	noun	hbs	arbitraža	noun	slv
prelokacija	noun	hbs	preselitev	noun	slv
donošenje	noun	hbs	uzakonitev	noun	slv
ekstradiranje	noun	hbs	izročitev	noun	slv
instaliranje	noun	hbs	namestitev	noun	slv
jačanje	noun	hbs	krepitev	noun	slv
pojačavanje	noun	hbs	okrepitev	noun	slv
kidnapiranje	noun	hbs	ugrabitev	noun	slv
moderniziranje	noun	hbs	posodobitev	noun	slv
obaranje	noun	hbs	sestrelitev	noun	slv
odbacivanje	noun	hbs	zavrnitev	noun	slv
odbijanje	noun	hbs	zavrnitev	noun	slv
odobravanje	noun	hbs	odobritev	noun	slv
odobravanje	noun	hbs	homologacija	noun	slv
ojačavanje	noun	hbs	krepitev	noun	slv
oslobađanje	noun	hbs	osvoboditev	noun	slv
oslobođenje	noun	hbs	osvoboditev	noun	slv
pomilovanje	noun	hbs	pomilostitev	noun	slv
prevrtanje	noun	hbs	razveljavitev	noun	slv
proširivanje	noun	hbs	širitev	noun	slv
proširivanje	noun	hbs	razširjanje	noun	slv
raspoređivanje	noun	hbs	namestitev	noun	slv
blagostanje	noun	hbs	blaginja	noun	slv
siroče	noun	hbs	sirota	noun	slv
aorta	noun	hbs	aorta	noun	slv
kontroverznost	noun	hbs	polemika	noun	slv
vapno	noun	hbs	apno	noun	slv
neplaćanje	noun	hbs	neplačilo	noun	slv
gorivo	noun	hbs	gorivo	noun	slv
ingerencija	noun	hbs	pooblastilo	noun	slv
preporuka	noun	hbs	priporočilo	noun	slv
elektrodistribucija	noun	hbs	elektrodistributer	noun	slv
Europljanin	noun	hbs	Evropejec	noun	slv
Europljan	noun	hbs	Evropejec	noun	slv
Europejac	noun	hbs	Evropejec	noun	slv
Evropljanin	noun	hbs	Evropejec	noun	slv
Evropljan	noun	hbs	Evropejec	noun	slv
Evropejac	noun	hbs	Evropejec	noun	slv
instrukcija	noun	hbs	navodilo	noun	slv
injekcija	noun	hbs	injekcija	noun	slv
stoka	noun	hbs	žival	noun	slv
trojka	noun	hbs	trojček	noun	slv
ambasadorka	noun	hbs	veleposlanik	noun	slv
važnost	noun	hbs	važnost	noun	slv
važnost	noun	hbs	pomembnost	noun	slv
osebujnost	noun	hbs	svojstvenost	noun	slv
skupocjenost	noun	hbs	množica	noun	slv
bolovanje	noun	hbs	bolovanje	noun	slv
čedomorstvo	noun	hbs	detomor	noun	slv
nastavak	noun	hbs	nadaljevanje	noun	slv
đakonstvo	noun	hbs	ministrant	noun	slv
dijeljenje	noun	hbs	prekat	noun	slv
opredjeljenje	noun	hbs	zavezanost	noun	slv
disidentstvo	noun	hbs	soglašanje	noun	slv
diskreditiranje	noun	hbs	diskreditiranje	noun	slv
dobivanje	noun	hbs	dobivanje	noun	slv
pridobivanje	noun	hbs	pridobivanje	noun	slv
trčanje	noun	hbs	poganjanje	noun	slv
iznenađivanje	noun	hbs	presenečenje	noun	slv
kiparstvo	noun	hbs	kiparjenje	noun	slv
klanje	noun	hbs	klanje	noun	slv
lukavstvo	noun	hbs	iznajdljivost	noun	slv
sumnja	noun	hbs	dvom	noun	slv
miješanje	noun	hbs	mešanje	noun	slv
mirotvorstvo	noun	hbs	pacifizem	noun	slv
hapšenje	noun	hbs	prijetje	noun	slv
hrvanje	noun	hbs	rokoborba	noun	slv
nahođenje	noun	hbs	diskretnost	noun	slv
naznačavanje	noun	hbs	označenost	noun	slv
negodovanje	noun	hbs	ogorčenost	noun	slv
nejedinstvo	noun	hbs	neenotnost	noun	slv
jedinstvo	noun	hbs	enotnost	noun	slv
nominovanje	noun	hbs	nominiranje	noun	slv
oratorstvo	noun	hbs	oratorij	noun	slv
papstvo	noun	hbs	pontifikat	noun	slv
polubožanstvo	noun	hbs	polbog	noun	slv
postizanje	noun	hbs	doseganje	noun	slv
pregrijavanje	noun	hbs	pregrevanje	noun	slv
pretvaranje	noun	hbs	pretvorba	noun	slv
raščišćavanje	noun	hbs	očistek	noun	slv
razaznavanje	noun	hbs	preudarnejši	noun	slv
razrješavanje	noun	hbs	ločljivost	noun	slv
reformiranje	noun	hbs	reformirnje	noun	slv
rentijerstvo	noun	hbs	najem	noun	slv
sestrinstvo	noun	hbs	sestrstvo	noun	slv
skupljanje	noun	hbs	krčenje	noun	slv
spajanje	noun	hbs	spajanje	noun	slv
standardiziranje	noun	hbs	standardizacija	noun	slv
strpljenje	noun	hbs	potrpežljivost	noun	slv
topljenje	noun	hbs	taljenje	noun	slv
tromjesečje	noun	hbs	trimesečje	noun	slv
uhićenje	noun	hbs	prijetje	noun	slv
zatvaranje	noun	hbs	zaprtje	noun	slv
trag	noun	hbs	sledenje	noun	slv
nedosljednost	noun	hbs	neskladje	noun	slv
blokiranje	noun	hbs	blokiranje	noun	slv
deaktivisanje	noun	hbs	deaktiviranje	noun	slv
kloniranje	noun	hbs	kloniranje	noun	slv
ubrzavanje	noun	hbs	pospešek	noun	slv
učilište	noun	hbs	učilišče	noun	slv
urarstvo	noun	hbs	urarstvo	noun	slv
visokopreosveštenstvo	noun	hbs	eminenca	noun	slv
vjerolomstvo	noun	hbs	nelojalnost	noun	slv
vršenje	noun	hbs	uveljavitev	noun	slv
bratoubistvo	noun	hbs	bratomor	noun	slv
svijet	noun	hbs	svetoven	noun	slv
opoziv	noun	hbs	odpoklic	noun	slv
mandator	noun	hbs	mandatar	noun	slv
sektor	noun	hbs	sektor	noun	slv
mladić	noun	hbs	mladostnik	noun	slv
prebačaj	noun	hbs	strmoglavljenje	noun	slv
smještaj	noun	hbs	nastanitev	noun	slv
utjecaj	noun	hbs	vpliv	noun	slv
protumjera	noun	hbs	protiukrep	noun	slv
protumjera	noun	hbs	protiukrep	noun	slv
restartovanje	noun	hbs	vžig	noun	slv
restartovanje	noun	hbs	vžig	noun	slv
vikend	noun	hbs	vikend	noun	slv
vikend	noun	hbs	vikend	noun	slv
bataljon	noun	hbs	bataljon	noun	slv
kontekst	noun	hbs	kontekst	noun	slv
koridor	noun	hbs	koridor	noun	slv
kolumnist	noun	hbs	kolumnist	noun	slv
holding	noun	hbs	holding	noun	slv
turnir	noun	hbs	turnir	noun	slv
certifikat	noun	hbs	certifikat	noun	slv
idiotizam	noun	hbs	idiotizem	noun	slv
Hrvat	noun	hbs	Hrvat	noun	slv
veteran	noun	hbs	veteran	noun	slv
donator	noun	hbs	donator	noun	slv
video	noun	hbs	video	noun	slv
veto	noun	hbs	veto	noun	slv
božanstvo	noun	hbs	božanstvo	noun	slv
stihoklepstvo	noun	hbs	rimar	noun	slv
dobro	noun	hbs	dobro	noun	slv
klan	noun	hbs	klan	noun	slv
zmaj	noun	hbs	zmaj	noun	slv
jug	noun	hbs	jug	noun	slv
građan	noun	hbs	državljan	noun	slv
karakter	noun	hbs	značaj	noun	slv
doživljaj	noun	hbs	doživljaj	noun	slv
svjedodžba	noun	hbs	pričevanje	noun	slv
uslovnost	noun	hbs	omejitev	noun	slv
minuta	noun	hbs	minuta	noun	slv
regulativa	noun	hbs	uredba	noun	slv
deportiranje	noun	hbs	deportacija	noun	slv
harmonizovanje	noun	hbs	usklajevanje	noun	slv
konstituisanje	noun	hbs	konstituiranje	noun	slv
konzervisanje	noun	hbs	konzerviranje	noun	slv
kriminalizovanje	noun	hbs	kriminaliziranje	noun	slv
nefunkcionisanje	noun	hbs	nedelovanje	noun	slv
predviđanje	noun	hbs	predvidevanje	noun	slv
predviđanje	noun	hbs	napoved	noun	slv
preseljavanje	noun	hbs	preseljevanje	noun	slv
prisluškivanje	noun	hbs	prisluškovanje	noun	slv
restrukturisanje	noun	hbs	prestrukturiranje	noun	slv
solidarnost	noun	hbs	solidarnost	noun	slv
kvalifikovanost	noun	hbs	upravičenost	noun	slv
neopreznost	noun	hbs	nesmotrnost	noun	slv
tolerisanje	noun	hbs	strpnost	noun	slv
vodnica	noun	hbs	voda	noun	slv
konfiskovanje	noun	hbs	zaplemba	noun	slv
neutralizovanje	noun	hbs	nevtralizacija	noun	slv
normalizovanje	noun	hbs	normalizacija	noun	slv
posredstvo	noun	hbs	mediacija	noun	slv
ratifikovanje	noun	hbs	ratifikacija	noun	slv
regulisanje	noun	hbs	uredba	noun	slv
modernizovanje	noun	hbs	posodobitev	noun	slv
odobrenje	noun	hbs	odobritev	noun	slv
beneficija	noun	hbs	korist	noun	slv
restrikcija	noun	hbs	omejitev	noun	slv
veleposlanica	noun	hbs	veleposlanik	noun	slv
govornik	noun	hbs	govornik	noun	slv
glasina	noun	hbs	govorica	noun	slv
vožnja	noun	hbs	vožnja	noun	slv
autokefalnost	noun	hbs	neodvisnost	noun	slv
zabrinutost	noun	hbs	skrb	noun	slv
zabrinutost	noun	hbs	zaskrbljenost	noun	slv
kost	noun	hbs	kost	noun	slv
čudotvorstvo	noun	hbs	čudež	noun	slv
obraćanje	noun	hbs	opomba	noun	slv
pisanje	noun	hbs	pisanje	noun	slv
pravosuđe	noun	hbs	pravica	noun	slv
pravosuđe	noun	hbs	pravosodje	noun	slv
primanje	noun	hbs	prejem	noun	slv
primanje	noun	hbs	sprejemanje	noun	slv
širenje	noun	hbs	širjenje	noun	slv
standardizovanje	noun	hbs	standardizacija	noun	slv
zanatstvo	noun	hbs	trgovanje	noun	slv
proturječnost	noun	hbs	neskladje	noun	slv
ulaganje	noun	hbs	naložba	noun	slv
ulaganje	noun	hbs	vlaganje	noun	slv
vođenje	noun	hbs	navodilo	noun	slv
vodilica	noun	hbs	vodilo	noun	slv
bratoubojstvo	noun	hbs	bratomor	noun	slv
medij	noun	hbs	medij	noun	slv
medijum	noun	hbs	medij	noun	slv
stihotvorstvo	noun	hbs	rimar	noun	slv
desetica	noun	hbs	desetina	noun	slv
stotina	noun	hbs	stotina	noun	slv
fokusiranost	noun	hbs	osredotočenost	noun	slv
nedostupnost	noun	hbs	nedostopnost	noun	slv
obrazovanost	noun	hbs	izobraženost	noun	slv
koncentriranost	noun	hbs	koncentriranje	noun	slv
privženost	noun	hbs	privrženost	noun	slv
bogohulnost	noun	hbs	bogokletstvo	noun	slv
akcionerstvo	noun	hbs	delničarstvo	noun	slv
akterstvo	noun	hbs	igralstvo	noun	slv
arhivarstvo	noun	hbs	arhiviranje	noun	slv
ekstradikcija	noun	hbs	izročitev	noun	slv
kontrareakcija	noun	hbs	reakcija	noun	slv
retifikacija	noun	hbs	ratifikacija	noun	slv
mito	noun	hbs	podkupnina	noun	slv
muftijstvo	noun	hbs	mufti	noun	slv
poništavanje	noun	hbs	preklic	noun	slv
suspendiranje	noun	hbs	suspenz	noun	slv
šokiranost	noun	hbs	šokiranje	noun	slv
detonisanje	noun	hbs	detonacija	noun	slv
kavaljerstvo	noun	hbs	kavalirstvo	noun	slv
kolekcionerstvo	noun	hbs	zbirateljstvo	noun	slv
provokovanje	noun	hbs	provokacija	noun	slv
član	noun	hbs	član	noun	slv
kraj	noun	hbs	konec	noun	slv
gasifikacija	noun	hbs	plin	noun	slv
certifikacija	noun	hbs	certificiranje	noun	slv
potparolkinja	noun	hbs	govorec	noun	slv
improvizacija	noun	hbs	improvizacija	noun	slv
rezolucija	noun	hbs	resolucija	noun	slv
sakcija	noun	hbs	eksplozija	noun	slv
minidemokratizacija	noun	hbs	mini demokracija	noun	slv
koncesionarstvo	noun	hbs	koncesija	noun	slv
reakcionarstvo	noun	hbs	reakcija	noun	slv
revolucionarstvo	noun	hbs	revolucija	noun	slv
nesuradnja	noun	hbs	nesodelovanje	noun	slv
davačka	noun	hbs	dajanje	noun	slv
samoidentifikacija	noun	hbs	legitimiranje	noun	slv
odmazda	noun	hbs	maščevanje	noun	slv
definisanje	noun	hbs	definiranje	noun	slv
fantazerstvo	noun	hbs	fantaziranje	noun	slv
identifikovanje	noun	hbs	identificiranje	noun	slv
ispraćanje	noun	hbs	spremljanje	noun	slv
kavgadžinstvo	noun	hbs	kreganje	noun	slv
ličilaštvo	noun	hbs	ličanje	noun	slv
medijatorstvo	noun	hbs	posredovanje	noun	slv
mikrofinanciranje	noun	hbs	financiranje	noun	slv
mikrokreditiranje	noun	hbs	kreditiranje	noun	slv
nadmašivanje	noun	hbs	premagovanje	noun	slv
neizdavanje	noun	hbs	izdajanje	noun	slv
pisarstvo	noun	hbs	pisanje	noun	slv
pretsjedanje	noun	hbs	predsedovanje	noun	slv
protjecanje	noun	hbs	prehitevanje	noun	slv
sablažnjavanje	noun	hbs	zbliževanje	noun	slv
saboterstvo	noun	hbs	sabotiranje	noun	slv
špioniranje	noun	hbs	prisluškovanje	noun	slv
suflerstvo	noun	hbs	prišepetavanje	noun	slv
uljepšavanje	noun	hbs	olepševanje	noun	slv
zakrpavanje	noun	hbs	krpanje	noun	slv
završavanje	noun	hbs	končavanje	noun	slv
zaživljenje	noun	hbs	življenje	noun	slv
antikorupcija	noun	hbs	koruptivnost	noun	slv
personalizacija	noun	hbs	poosebljenost	noun	slv
samomotivacija	noun	hbs	motiviranost	noun	slv
ratobornost	noun	hbs	borbenost	noun	slv
izopačenost	noun	hbs	spačenost	noun	slv
inkompetentnost	noun	hbs	nesposobnost	noun	slv
multietničnost	noun	hbs	etičnost	noun	slv
neetičnost	noun	hbs	neetičnost	noun	slv
nezaduženost	noun	hbs	nezadolženost	noun	slv
neugodnost	noun	hbs	neugodnost	noun	slv
neusuglašenost	noun	hbs	neusklajenost	noun	slv
desetgodišnjica	noun	hbs	desetletnica	noun	slv
koketnost	noun	hbs	koketnost	noun	slv
ljubopitljivost	noun	hbs	radovednež	noun	slv
alijanca	noun	hbs	zveza	noun	slv
inteligencija	noun	hbs	inteligenca	noun	slv
ministerka	noun	hbs	minister	noun	slv
predsjedateljica	noun	hbs	predsedujoča	noun	slv
ofanziva	noun	hbs	ofenziva	noun	slv
direktiva	noun	hbs	direktiva	noun	slv
arhiepiskopstvo	noun	hbs	episkop	noun	slv
dezerterstvo	noun	hbs	dezerterstvo	noun	slv
episkopstvo	noun	hbs	duhovništvo	noun	slv
ljubožderstvo	noun	hbs	ljudožerstvo	noun	slv
misionerstvo	noun	hbs	misijonarstvo	noun	slv
načelstvo	noun	hbs	načelstvo	noun	slv
nevjerstvo	noun	hbs	krivoverstvo	noun	slv
pretsjedateljstvo	noun	hbs	predsedništvo	noun	slv
dolaženje	noun	hbs	prihod	noun	slv
elektroinženjerstvo	noun	hbs	elektroinženir	noun	slv
frakcionerstvo	noun	hbs	frakcija	noun	slv
inspektorstvo	noun	hbs	inšpektor	noun	slv
janjičarstvo	noun	hbs	janičar	noun	slv
oficerstvo	noun	hbs	oficir	noun	slv
pastorstvo	noun	hbs	pastor	noun	slv
pečarbarstvo	noun	hbs	pečar	noun	slv
pečatarstvo	noun	hbs	pečatar	noun	slv
premijerstvo	noun	hbs	premier	noun	slv
repatriranje	noun	hbs	reporter	noun	slv
sekretarstvo	noun	hbs	sekretar	noun	slv
ženskarstvo	noun	hbs	ženskar	noun	slv
razjašnjivanje	noun	hbs	pojasnitev	noun	slv
samoopredjeljivanje	noun	hbs	samoopredelitev	noun	slv
samoraspuštanje	noun	hbs	samorazpustitev	noun	slv
masonstvo	noun	hbs	mason	noun	slv
muhamedanstvo	noun	hbs	mohamed	noun	slv
nošenje	noun	hbs	nošnja	noun	slv
paralizovanje	noun	hbs	paraliza	noun	slv
renegatstvo	noun	hbs	izobčenec	noun	slv
reporterstvo	noun	hbs	reportaža	noun	slv
srbofilstvo	noun	hbs	srbofil	noun	slv
topioničarstvo	noun	hbs	topilnica	noun	slv
utvrda	noun	hbs	utrdba	noun	slv
udžbenikarstvo	noun	hbs	učbenik	noun	slv
ugrođavanje	noun	hbs	ogroženost	noun	slv
vodoopskrba	noun	hbs	vodovod	noun	slv
reakcionerstvo	noun	hbs	reakcija	noun	slv
revolucionerstvo	noun	hbs	revolucija	noun	slv
neusaglašenost	noun	hbs	neusklajenost	noun	slv
padalina	noun	hbs	padavina	noun	slv
predsjedateljka	noun	hbs	predsedujoča	noun	slv
pošiljka	noun	hbs	pošiljka	noun	slv
dezertovanje	noun	hbs	dezerterstvo	noun	slv
elektroinžinjerstvo	noun	hbs	elektroinženir	noun	slv
oficirstvo	noun	hbs	oficir	noun	slv
uho	noun	hbs	uho	noun	slv
put	noun	hbs	pot	noun	slv
provokovanje	noun	hbs	provokacija	noun	slv
preosveštenstvo	noun	hbs	eminenca	noun	slv
ala	noun	hbs	trakt	noun	slv
kontrolor	noun	hbs	kontrolor	noun	slv
recepcioner	noun	hbs	receptor	noun	slv
recepcionar	noun	hbs	receptor	noun	slv
putnik	noun	hbs	potnik	noun	slv
šalter	noun	hbs	okno	noun	slv
suvenir	noun	hbs	suvenir	noun	slv
časopis	noun	hbs	časopis	noun	slv
propis	noun	hbs	predpis	noun	slv
uzlijetanje	noun	hbs	vzletanje	noun	slv
prijavljivanje	noun	hbs	prijavljanje	noun	slv
dizalo	noun	hbs	dvigalo	noun	slv
kolo	noun	hbs	voz	noun	slv
nakaza	noun	hbs	čudak	noun	slv
kovanica	noun	hbs	kovanec	noun	slv
stjuardesa	noun	hbs	stevardesa	noun	slv
soba	noun	hbs	soba	noun	slv
traka	noun	hbs	trak	noun	slv
kontrolorka	noun	hbs	kontrolorka	noun	slv
majica	noun	hbs	majica	noun	slv
torba	noun	hbs	torba	noun	slv
staza	noun	hbs	sledenje	noun	slv
tjedan	noun	hbs	teden	noun	slv
taxi	noun	hbs	taksi	noun	slv
taksi	noun	hbs	taksi	noun	slv
registar	noun	hbs	register	noun	slv
pečat	noun	hbs	pečat	noun	slv
kovčeg	noun	hbs	kovček	noun	slv
pojas	noun	hbs	pas	noun	slv
ključ	noun	hbs	ključ	noun	slv
tuš	noun	hbs	tuš	noun	slv
zvučnik	noun	hbs	zvočnik	noun	slv
hodnik	noun	hbs	hodnik	noun	slv
kupon	noun	hbs	kupon	noun	slv
sat	noun	hbs	ura	noun	slv
let	noun	hbs	let	noun	slv
kat	noun	hbs	nadstropje	noun	slv
autobus	noun	hbs	avtobus	noun	slv
iznos	noun	hbs	znesek	noun	slv
izlaz	noun	hbs	izhod	noun	slv
sjedalo	noun	hbs	sedež	noun	slv
ocjena	noun	hbs	ocena	noun	slv
kožoderstvo	noun	hbs	odiranje	noun	slv
agora	noun	hbs	zborno mesto	noun	slv
restart	noun	hbs	ponovni zagon	noun	slv
softver	noun	hbs	programska oprema	noun	slv
putovnica	noun	hbs	potni list	noun	slv
ajkula	noun	hbs	morski pes	noun	slv
klimatizacija	noun	hbs	klimatska naprava	noun	slv
morski pas	noun	hbs	morski pes	noun	slv
ručni rad	noun	hbs	ročno delo	noun	slv
slijepa ulica	noun	hbs	slepa ulica	noun	slv
sinoubistvo	noun	hbs	umor sina	noun	slv
sinoubojstvo	noun	hbs	umor sina	noun	slv
studija izvedivosti	noun	hbs	študija izvedljivosti	noun	slv
porez na dohodak	noun	hbs	davek na dohodek	noun	slv
uzgoj riba	noun	hbs	ribogojstvo	noun	slv
zločin	noun	hbs	kriminal	noun	slv
zločin	noun	hbs	zločin	noun	slv
snijeg	noun	hbs	sneg	noun	slv
odmor	noun	hbs	počitnice	noun	slv
studija	noun	hbs	študija	noun	slv
studija	noun	hbs	študija	noun	slv
municija	noun	hbs	strelivo	noun	slv
izgradnja	noun	hbs	gradbeništvo	noun	slv
utroba	noun	hbs	črevesje	noun	slv
poljoprivreda	noun	hbs	kmetijstvo	noun	slv
vlastela	noun	hbs	plemstvo	noun	slv
konstrukcija	noun	hbs	gradbeništvo	noun	slv
trema	noun	hbs	trema	noun	slv
krv	noun	hbs	kri	noun	slv
mladost	noun	hbs	mladina	noun	slv
hrabrost	noun	hbs	pogum	noun	slv
korumpiranost	noun	hbs	korupcija	noun	slv
radost	noun	hbs	veselje	noun	slv
grudi	noun	hbs	prsi	noun	slv
građenje	noun	hbs	gradbeništvo	noun	slv
izobilje	noun	hbs	obilje	noun	slv
robovlasništvo	noun	hbs	suženjstvo	noun	slv
ropstvo	noun	hbs	suženjstvo	noun	slv
susjedstvo	noun	hbs	sosedstvo	noun	slv
vinogradarstvo	noun	hbs	vinogradništvo	noun	slv
voće	noun	hbs	sadje	noun	slv
zdravlje	noun	hbs	zdravje	noun	slv
oko	noun	hbs	oči	noun	slv
oko	noun	hbs	oko	noun	slv
tata	noun	hbs	oči	noun	slv
pluća	noun	hbs	pljuča	noun	slv
poštenje	noun	hbs	poštenje	noun	slv
uključenje	noun	hbs	vključitev	noun	slv
siromaštvo	noun	hbs	revščina	noun	slv
kriminal	noun	hbs	kriminal	noun	slv
kapital	noun	hbs	kapital	noun	slv
vrata	noun	hbs	vrata	noun	slv
čudesa	noun	hbs	čudesa	noun	slv
jetra	noun	hbs	jetra	noun	slv
astma	noun	hbs	astma	noun	slv
usta	noun	hbs	usta	noun	slv
korupcija	noun	hbs	korupcija	noun	slv
prostitucija	noun	hbs	prostitucija	noun	slv
retorika	noun	hbs	retorika	noun	slv
meso	noun	hbs	meso	noun	slv
nezadovoljstvo	noun	hbs	nezadovoljstvo	noun	slv
poganstvo	noun	hbs	poganstvo	noun	slv
vojaštvo	noun	hbs	vojaštvo	noun	slv
vunarstvo	noun	hbs	volna	noun	slv
zlato	noun	hbs	zlato	noun	slv
konzorcijum	noun	hbs	konzorcij	noun	slv
konzorcijum	noun	hbs	konzorcij	noun	slv
obzir	noun	hbs	obzir	noun	slv
amaterizam	noun	hbs	amaterstvo	noun	slv
terorizam	noun	hbs	terorizem	noun	slv
mormonizam	noun	hbs	mormonizem	noun	slv
protestantizam	noun	hbs	protestantizem	noun	slv
scenario	noun	hbs	scenarij	noun	slv
scenario	noun	hbs	scenarij	noun	slv
sida	noun	hbs	aids	noun	slv
ebanovina	noun	hbs	ebenovina	noun	slv
kora	noun	hbs	lubje	noun	slv
kosa	noun	hbs	lasje	noun	slv
biohemija	noun	hbs	biokemija	noun	slv
apotekarstvo	noun	hbs	lekarnarstvo	noun	slv
autorstvo	noun	hbs	avtorstvo	noun	slv
bankarstvo	noun	hbs	bančništvo	noun	slv
bibliotekarstvo	noun	hbs	knjižničarstvo	noun	slv
ćilimarstvo	noun	hbs	tekstilstvo	noun	slv
cvjećarstvo	noun	hbs	cvetličarstvo	noun	slv
djevojaštvo	noun	hbs	deklištvo	noun	slv
drvodjeljstvo	noun	hbs	tesarstvo	noun	slv
epikurejstvo	noun	hbs	epikurejstvo	noun	slv
grnčarstvo	noun	hbs	keramičarstvo	noun	slv
izdavaštvo	noun	hbs	založništvo	noun	slv
kmetstvo	noun	hbs	tlačanstvo	noun	slv
kolarstvo	noun	hbs	kolarstvo	noun	slv
konjarstvo	noun	hbs	konjeništvo	noun	slv
lezbijstvo	noun	hbs	lezbištvo	noun	slv
lihvarstvo	noun	hbs	oderuštvo	noun	slv
luteranstvo	noun	hbs	luteranstvo	noun	slv
mljekarstvo	noun	hbs	mlekarstvo	noun	slv
pčelarstvo	noun	hbs	čebelarstvo	noun	slv
profesorstvo	noun	hbs	profesorstvo	noun	slv
slastičarstvo	noun	hbs	slaščičarstvo	noun	slv
starateljstvo	noun	hbs	skrbništvo	noun	slv
varvarstvo	noun	hbs	barbarstvo	noun	slv
vinarstvo	noun	hbs	vinarstvo	noun	slv
voćarstvo	noun	hbs	sadjarstvo	noun	slv
zlatarstvo	noun	hbs	zlatarstvo	noun	slv
apostolstvo	noun	hbs	apostolstvo	noun	slv
barbarstvo	noun	hbs	barbarstvo	noun	slv
članstvo	noun	hbs	članstvo	noun	slv
ikonoborstvo	noun	hbs	ikonoborstvo	noun	slv
lončarstvo	noun	hbs	lončarstvo	noun	slv
nožarstvo	noun	hbs	nožarstvo	noun	slv
piratstvo	noun	hbs	piratstvo	noun	slv
plebejstvo	noun	hbs	plebejstvo	noun	slv
rudarstvo	noun	hbs	rudarstvo	noun	slv
samaritanstvo	noun	hbs	samaritanstvo	noun	slv
skrbništvo	noun	hbs	skrbništvo	noun	slv
snobovstvo	noun	hbs	snobovstvo	noun	slv
staklarstvo	noun	hbs	steklarstvo	noun	slv
muslimanstvo	noun	hbs	muslimanstvo	noun	slv
roditeljstvo	noun	hbs	starševstvo	noun	slv
stolarstvo	noun	hbs	tesarstvo	noun	slv
zidarstvo	noun	hbs	zidarstvo	noun	slv
biologija	noun	hbs	biologija	noun	slv
biokemija	noun	hbs	biokemija	noun	slv
inflacija	noun	hbs	inflacija	noun	slv
bionika	noun	hbs	bionika	noun	slv
botanika	noun	hbs	botanika	noun	slv
licemjerstvo	noun	hbs	hinavščina	noun	slv
ljekarstvo	noun	hbs	zdravilstvo	noun	slv
ovčarstvo	noun	hbs	ovčarstvo	noun	slv
voajerstvo	noun	hbs	voajerizem	noun	slv
kokain	noun	hbs	kokain	noun	slv
konzorcij	noun	hbs	konzorcij	noun	slv
konzorcij	noun	hbs	konzorcij	noun	slv
konzorcij	noun	hbs	konzorcij	noun	slv
konzorcij	noun	hbs	konzorcij	noun	slv
scenarij	noun	hbs	scenarij	noun	slv
scenarij	noun	hbs	scenarij	noun	slv
scenarij	noun	hbs	scenarij	noun	slv
scenarij	noun	hbs	scenarij	noun	slv
agrarstvo	noun	hbs	zadružništvo	noun	slv
povrtarstvo	noun	hbs	rastlinstvo	noun	slv
povrtlarstvo	noun	hbs	zelenjava	noun	slv
tokarstvo	noun	hbs	strugarstvo	noun	slv
apšenje	noun	hbs	prijetje	noun	slv
apšenje	noun	hbs	prijetje	noun	slv
časovničarstvo	noun	hbs	urarstvo	noun	slv
časovničarstvo	noun	hbs	urarstvo	noun	slv
poslastičarstvo	noun	hbs	slaščičarstvo	noun	slv
alkoholičarstvo	noun	hbs	alkoholizem	noun	slv
kamenodjeljstvo	noun	hbs	kamnoseštvo	noun	slv
lakejstvo	noun	hbs	lakajstvo	noun	slv
racionalizatorstvo	noun	hbs	racionalizatorstvo	noun	slv
vegetarijanstvo	noun	hbs	vegetarijanstvo	noun	slv
kravarstvo	noun	hbs	živinoreja	noun	slv
pluća	noun	hbs	pljuča	noun	slv
pluća	noun	hbs	pljuča	noun	slv
menadžerstvo	noun	hbs	menedžerstvo	noun	slv
prtljaga	noun	hbs	prtljaga	noun	slv
gužva	noun	hbs	gužva	noun	slv
pristojba za parkiranje	noun	hbs	parkirnina	noun	slv
sredstvo za uspavljivanje	noun	hbs	uspavalo	noun	slv
sredstvo za smirenje	noun	hbs	mirilo	noun	slv
kanta za smeće	noun	hbs	smetnjak	noun	slv
duhan za šmrkanje	noun	hbs	njuhanec	noun	slv
rukavica samo s palcem	noun	hbs	palčnik	noun	slv
rukavica bez prstiju	noun	hbs	palčnik	noun	slv
mjed	noun	hbs	med	noun	slv
peta	noun	hbs	peta	noun	slv
med	noun	hbs	med	noun	slv
pokretač	noun	hbs	gibalo	noun	slv
bol	noun	hbs	bolečina	noun	slv
bol	noun	hbs	bolečina	noun	slv
spol	noun	hbs	spol	noun	slv
mišić	noun	hbs	mišica	noun	slv
mišić	noun	hbs	mišica	noun	slv
pokrivač	noun	hbs	odeja	noun	slv
pokrivač	noun	hbs	odeja	noun	slv
reportaža	noun	hbs	reportaža	noun	slv
sila	noun	hbs	sila	noun	slv
stogodišnjica	noun	hbs	stoletnica	noun	slv
pomrčina	noun	hbs	mrk	noun	slv
pomrčina	noun	hbs	mrk	noun	slv
tek	noun	hbs	tek	noun	slv
trag	noun	hbs	sled	noun	slv
trag	noun	hbs	sled	noun	slv
pokretač	noun	hbs	pobudnik	noun	slv
pojedinac	noun	hbs	posameznik	noun	slv
sjevernjak	noun	hbs	severnjak	noun	slv
sjevernjak	noun	hbs	severnjak	noun	slv
istočnjak	noun	hbs	vzhodnjak	noun	slv
istočnjak	noun	hbs	vzhodnjak	noun	slv
bačva	noun	hbs	sod	noun	slv
bačva	noun	hbs	sod	noun	slv
duhovnik	noun	hbs	duhoven	noun	slv
duhovnik	noun	hbs	duhoven	noun	slv
vlas	noun	hbs	las	noun	slv
sakupljač	noun	hbs	zbiratelj	noun	slv
sakupljač	noun	hbs	zbiratelj	noun	slv
brojač	noun	hbs	števec	noun	slv
ispit	noun	hbs	izpit	noun	slv
ispit	noun	hbs	izpit	noun	slv
subjekt	noun	hbs	subjekt	noun	slv
subjekt	noun	hbs	subjekt	noun	slv
subjekat	noun	hbs	subjekt	noun	slv
glas	noun	hbs	glas	noun	slv
tržište	noun	hbs	trg	noun	slv
rast	noun	hbs	rast	noun	slv
instruktorica	noun	hbs	inštruktorica	noun	slv
instruktorica	noun	hbs	instruktorica	noun	slv
boja	noun	hbs	barvilo	noun	slv
bjelilo	noun	hbs	belilo	noun	slv
bodež	noun	hbs	bodalo	noun	slv
cjediljka	noun	hbs	cedilo	noun	slv
cjepivo	noun	hbs	cepivo	noun	slv
tinta	noun	hbs	črnilo	noun	slv
osjetilo	noun	hbs	čutilo	noun	slv
dar	noun	hbs	darilo	noun	slv
dar	noun	hbs	dar	noun	slv
dan	noun	hbs	dan	noun	slv
dlijeto	noun	hbs	dleto	noun	slv
dokaz	noun	hbs	dokazilo	noun	slv
dokaz	noun	hbs	dokaz	noun	slv
doplata	noun	hbs	doplačilo	noun	slv
dopuna	noun	hbs	dopolnilo	noun	slv
držak	noun	hbs	držalo	noun	slv
drška	noun	hbs	držalo	noun	slv
dizalo	noun	hbs	dvigalo	noun	slv
glazbalo	noun	hbs	glasbilo	noun	slv
glasilo	noun	hbs	glasilo	noun	slv
gnijezdo	noun	hbs	gnezdo	noun	slv
gnojivo	noun	hbs	gnojilo	noun	slv
zgušnjavač	noun	hbs	gostilo	noun	slv
materijal	noun	hbs	gradivo	noun	slv
potencijal	noun	hbs	potencial	noun	slv
visak	noun	hbs	grezilo	noun	slv
hranivo	noun	hbs	hranilo	noun	slv
tražilo	noun	hbs	iskalo	noun	slv
izlučivač	noun	hbs	izločilo	noun	slv
isplata	noun	hbs	izplačilo	noun	slv
tradicija	noun	hbs	izročilo	noun	slv
jabuka	noun	hbs	jabolko	noun	slv
tamjan	noun	hbs	kadilo	noun	slv
kazalo	noun	hbs	kazalo	noun	slv
čekić	noun	hbs	kladivo	noun	slv
kopito	noun	hbs	kopito	noun	slv
korito	noun	hbs	korito	noun	slv
ručak	noun	hbs	kosilo	noun	slv
kresivo	noun	hbs	kresilo	noun	slv
špijunka	noun	hbs	kukalo	noun	slv
ljepilo	noun	hbs	lepilo	noun	slv
separator	noun	hbs	ločilo	noun	slv
lomilica	noun	hbs	lomilo	noun	slv
droga	noun	hbs	mamilo	noun	slv
punjenje	noun	hbs	mašilo	noun	slv
mast	noun	hbs	mazilo	noun	slv
melem	noun	hbs	mazilo	noun	slv
pomast	noun	hbs	mazilo	noun	slv
omekšivač	noun	hbs	mehčalo	noun	slv
mjerilo	noun	hbs	merilo	noun	slv
miješalica	noun	hbs	mešalo	noun	slv
sapun	noun	hbs	milo	noun	slv
mudo	noun	hbs	modo	noun	slv
naknada	noun	hbs	nadomestilo	noun	slv
nadoknada	noun	hbs	nadomestilo	noun	slv
naputak	noun	hbs	napotilo	noun	slv
uputnica	noun	hbs	napotilo	noun	slv
objava	noun	hbs	naznanilo	noun	slv
obavijest	noun	hbs	naznanilo	noun	slv
obavijest	noun	hbs	priglasitev	noun	slv
njihalo	noun	hbs	nihalo	noun	slv
odjeća	noun	hbs	oblačilo	noun	slv
obrazac	noun	hbs	obrazilo	noun	slv
balast	noun	hbs	obtežilo	noun	slv
obuća	noun	hbs	obuvalo	noun	slv
obavijest	noun	hbs	obvestilo	noun	slv
priopćenje	noun	hbs	obvestilo	noun	slv
otvarač	noun	hbs	odpiralo	noun	slv
otplata	noun	hbs	odplačilo	noun	slv
laksativ	noun	hbs	odvajalo	noun	slv
grijač	noun	hbs	ogrevalo	noun	slv
zadatak	noun	hbs	opravilo	noun	slv
zadatak	noun	hbs	opravek	noun	slv
načelo	noun	hbs	načelo	noun	slv
obavijest	noun	hbs	oznanilo	noun	slv
puhalo	noun	hbs	pihalo	noun	slv
pisaljka	noun	hbs	pisalo	noun	slv
pisalica	noun	hbs	pisalo	noun	slv
piskavac	noun	hbs	piskalo	noun	slv
strašilo	noun	hbs	plašilo	noun	slv
plovilo	noun	hbs	plovilo	noun	slv
počelo	noun	hbs	počelo	noun	slv
objašnjenje	noun	hbs	pojasnilo	noun	slv
pokrivalo	noun	hbs	pokrivalo	noun	slv
cjepanica	noun	hbs	poleno	noun	slv
punjenje	noun	hbs	polnilo	noun	slv
pomagalo	noun	hbs	pomagalo	noun	slv
sedativ	noun	hbs	pomirjevalo	noun	slv
popravak	noun	hbs	popravilo	noun	slv
oporavak	noun	hbs	oživitev	noun	slv
oporavak	noun	hbs	izterjava	noun	slv
izvještaj	noun	hbs	poročilo	noun	slv
izvješće	noun	hbs	poročilo	noun	slv
posudba	noun	hbs	posojilo	noun	slv
zajam	noun	hbs	posojilo	noun	slv
upozorenje	noun	hbs	posvarilo	noun	slv
posveta	noun	hbs	posvetilo	noun	slv
potvrda	noun	hbs	potrdilo	noun	slv
priznanica	noun	hbs	potrdilo	noun	slv
poziv	noun	hbs	povabilo	noun	slv
povrat	noun	hbs	povračilo	noun	slv
stimulans	noun	hbs	poživilo	noun	slv
probavni organ	noun	hbs	prebavilo	noun	slv
prostirka	noun	hbs	pregrinjalo	noun	slv
raspelo	noun	hbs	razpelo	noun	slv
sprej	noun	hbs	razpršilo	noun	slv
rastvarač	noun	hbs	razredčilo	noun	slv
razonoda	noun	hbs	razvedrilo	noun	slv
razbibriga	noun	hbs	razvedrilo	noun	slv
ruž	noun	hbs	rdečilo	noun	slv
rumenilo	noun	hbs	rdečilo	noun	slv
crvenilo	noun	hbs	rdečilo	noun	slv
razrjeđivač	noun	hbs	redčilo	noun	slv
sječivo	noun	hbs	rezilo	noun	slv
spolovilo	noun	hbs	rodilo	noun	slv
sjedalo	noun	hbs	sedalo	noun	slv
obmana	noun	hbs	slepilo	noun	slv
varka	noun	hbs	slepilo	noun	slv
spolovilo	noun	hbs	spolovilo	noun	slv
spremište	noun	hbs	spravilo	noun	slv
svjedodžba	noun	hbs	spričevalo	noun	slv
okidač	noun	hbs	sprožilo	noun	slv
prekidač	noun	hbs	stikalo	noun	slv
strugalo	noun	hbs	strgalo	noun	slv
sušilo	noun	hbs	sušilo	noun	slv
opomena	noun	hbs	svarilo	noun	slv
svjetiljka	noun	hbs	svetilo	noun	slv
šestar	noun	hbs	šestilo	noun	slv
broj	noun	hbs	število	noun	slv
senzor	noun	hbs	tipalo	noun	slv
panj	noun	hbs	tnalo	noun	slv
učilo	noun	hbs	učilo	noun	slv
poziv	noun	hbs	vabilo	noun	slv
pozivnica	noun	hbs	vabilo	noun	slv
osigurač	noun	hbs	varovalo	noun	slv
zatvarač	noun	hbs	zapiralo	noun	slv
lijek	noun	hbs	zdravilo	noun	slv
željezo	noun	hbs	železo	noun	slv
žalac	noun	hbs	želo	noun	slv
žito	noun	hbs	žito	noun	slv
živežna namirnica	noun	hbs	živilo	noun	slv
prehrambeni proizvod	noun	hbs	živilo	noun	slv
ždrijelo	noun	hbs	žrelo	noun	slv
roba	noun	hbs	blago	noun	slv
imutak	noun	hbs	blago	noun	slv
imetak	noun	hbs	blago	noun	slv
čarobnjaštvo	noun	hbs	čarovništvo	noun	slv
djevičanstvo	noun	hbs	devištvo	noun	slv
licemjerje	noun	hbs	hinavstvo	noun	slv
brodogradnja	noun	hbs	ladjedelništvo	noun	slv
maslac	noun	hbs	maslo	noun	slv
građanstvo	noun	hbs	meščanstvo	noun	slv
mlijeko	noun	hbs	mleko	noun	slv
mrtvilo	noun	hbs	mrtvilo	noun	slv
otpadništvo	noun	hbs	odpadništvo	noun	slv
rublje	noun	hbs	perilo	noun	slv
planinarstvo	noun	hbs	planinstvo	noun	slv
planinarenje	noun	hbs	planinstvo	noun	slv
poglavarstvo	noun	hbs	poglavarstvo	noun	slv
poljoprivreda	noun	hbs	poljedelstvo	noun	slv
poljodjeljstvo	noun	hbs	poljedelstvo	noun	slv
pravo	noun	hbs	pravo	noun	slv
računalstvo	noun	hbs	računalništvo	noun	slv
ribarstvo	noun	hbs	ribištvo	noun	slv
salo	noun	hbs	salo	noun	slv
sijeno	noun	hbs	seno	noun	slv
stvaranje	noun	hbs	stvarstvo	noun	slv
stvaranje	noun	hbs	ustvaravanje	noun	slv
sukno	noun	hbs	sukno	noun	slv
tijesto	noun	hbs	testo	noun	slv
drugarstvo	noun	hbs	tovarištvo	noun	slv
zarobljeništvo	noun	hbs	ujetništvo	noun	slv
špijunaža	noun	hbs	vohunstvo	noun	slv
uhođenje	noun	hbs	vohunstvo	noun	slv
administracija	noun	hbs	administracija	noun	slv
agentica	noun	hbs	agentka	noun	slv
aleja	noun	hbs	aleja	noun	slv
ambulanta	noun	hbs	ambulanta	noun	slv
anamneza	noun	hbs	anamneza	noun	slv
aparatura	noun	hbs	aparatura	noun	slv
uhićenje	noun	hbs	aretacija	noun	slv
armada	noun	hbs	armada	noun	slv
asocijacija	noun	hbs	asociacija	noun	slv
avangarda	noun	hbs	avantgarda	noun	slv
autocesta	noun	hbs	avtocesta	noun	slv
autorica	noun	hbs	avtorica	noun	slv
autoritet	noun	hbs	avtoriteta	noun	slv
baka	noun	hbs	babica	noun	slv
primalja	noun	hbs	babica	noun	slv
babica	noun	hbs	babica	noun	slv
koliba	noun	hbs	bajta	noun	slv
straćara	noun	hbs	bajta	noun	slv
bala	noun	hbs	bala	noun	slv
baraba	noun	hbs	baraba	noun	slv
beretka	noun	hbs	baretka	noun	slv
barka	noun	hbs	barka	noun	slv
bazilika	noun	hbs	bazilika	noun	slv
bijeda	noun	hbs	beda	noun	slv
bedarija	noun	hbs	bedarija	noun	slv
bjegunka	noun	hbs	begunka	noun	slv
bilješka	noun	hbs	beležka	noun	slv
notes	noun	hbs	beležka	noun	slv
interes	noun	hbs	interes	noun	slv
bilježnica	noun	hbs	beležka	noun	slv
bjelina	noun	hbs	belina	noun	slv
bjelkinja	noun	hbs	belka	noun	slv
bijelka	noun	hbs	belka	noun	slv
rječca	noun	hbs	besedica	noun	slv
taverna	noun	hbs	beznica	noun	slv
bilanca	noun	hbs	bilanca	noun	slv
blagajna	noun	hbs	blagajna	noun	slv
jastuk	noun	hbs	blazina	noun	slv
bljedilo	noun	hbs	bledica	noun	slv
bljedoća	noun	hbs	bledica	noun	slv
blještavilo	noun	hbs	bleščava	noun	slv
prečac	noun	hbs	bližnjica	noun	slv
čistač	noun	hbs	čistilec	noun	slv
brojač	noun	hbs	preprečevanje	noun	slv
zabluda	noun	hbs	blodnjava	noun	slv
bradica	noun	hbs	bradica	noun	slv
brana	noun	hbs	brana	noun	slv
bratstvo	noun	hbs	bratovščina	noun	slv
bratovština	noun	hbs	bratovščina	noun	slv
ožiljak	noun	hbs	brazgotina	noun	slv
brazgotina	noun	hbs	brazgotina	noun	slv
udarac	noun	hbs	brca	noun	slv
britvica	noun	hbs	britvica	noun	slv
brizgalica	noun	hbs	brizgalka	noun	slv
broš	noun	hbs	broša	noun	slv
broš	noun	hbs	broška	noun	slv
brzac	noun	hbs	brzica	noun	slv
brzojav	noun	hbs	brzojavka	noun	slv
telegram	noun	hbs	brzojavka	noun	slv
mašinka	noun	hbs	brzostrelka	noun	slv
buća	noun	hbs	buča	noun	slv
tumor	noun	hbs	bula	noun	slv
butelja	noun	hbs	buteljka	noun	slv
dronjak	noun	hbs	capa	noun	slv
ćelija	noun	hbs	celica	noun	slv
stanica	noun	hbs	celica	noun	slv
kontinent	noun	hbs	celina	noun	slv
ceremonija	noun	hbs	ceremonija	noun	slv
crkvica	noun	hbs	cerkvica	noun	slv
carica	noun	hbs	cesarica	noun	slv
cestarina	noun	hbs	cestnina	noun	slv
cijev	noun	hbs	cevka	noun	slv
ciganka	noun	hbs	ciganka	noun	slv
drolja	noun	hbs	cipa	noun	slv
cisterna	noun	hbs	cisterna	noun	slv
cipela	noun	hbs	copata	noun	slv
krpa	noun	hbs	cunja	noun	slv
dronjak	noun	hbs	cunja	noun	slv
buket	noun	hbs	cvetica	noun	slv
škrabotina	noun	hbs	čačka	noun	slv
vještica	noun	hbs	čarovnica	noun	slv
čarobnica	noun	hbs	čarovnica	noun	slv
čaša	noun	hbs	čaša	noun	slv
pčela	noun	hbs	čebela	noun	slv
luk	noun	hbs	čebula	noun	slv
čestitka	noun	hbs	čestitka	noun	slv
četvrtina	noun	hbs	četrtina	noun	slv
čistačica	noun	hbs	čistilka	noun	slv
čistoća	noun	hbs	čistoča	noun	slv
članica	noun	hbs	članica	noun	slv
stado	noun	hbs	čreda	noun	slv
krdo	noun	hbs	čreda	noun	slv
čopor	noun	hbs	čreda	noun	slv
krhotina	noun	hbs	črepinja	noun	slv
tanin	noun	hbs	čreslovina	noun	slv
slovo	noun	hbs	črka	noun	slv
crnina	noun	hbs	črnina	noun	slv
crnka	noun	hbs	črnka	noun	slv
crnkinja	noun	hbs	črnka	noun	slv
crpka	noun	hbs	črpalka	noun	slv
crta	noun	hbs	črta	noun	slv
potkrovlje	noun	hbs	čumnata	noun	slv
čutura	noun	hbs	čutara	noun	slv
daljina	noun	hbs	dalja	noun	slv
daljina	noun	hbs	daljava	noun	slv
udaljenost	noun	hbs	daljava	noun	slv
nasljedstvo	noun	hbs	dediščina	noun	slv
nasljeđe	noun	hbs	dediščina	noun	slv
baštin	noun	hbs	dediščina	noun	slv
dekadencija	noun	hbs	dekadenca	noun	slv
deklaracija	noun	hbs	deklaracija	noun	slv
radionica	noun	hbs	delavnica	noun	slv
dionica	noun	hbs	delnica	noun	slv
depeša	noun	hbs	depeša	noun	slv
desetorka	noun	hbs	deseterica	noun	slv
desetina	noun	hbs	desetina	noun	slv
desnica	noun	hbs	desnica	noun	slv
djetelina	noun	hbs	detelja	noun	slv
djevica	noun	hbs	devica	noun	slv
zemlja	noun	hbs	dežela	noun	slv
dijagnoza	noun	hbs	diagnoza	noun	slv
dijeta	noun	hbs	dieta	noun	slv
razlika	noun	hbs	diferenca	noun	slv
diskusija	noun	hbs	diskusija	noun	slv
miris	noun	hbs	dišava	noun	slv
divizija	noun	hbs	divizija	noun	slv
divljina	noun	hbs	divjina	noun	slv
dlaka	noun	hbs	dlaka	noun	slv
dobitnica	noun	hbs	dobitnica	noun	slv
dobro	noun	hbs	dobrina	noun	slv
dobrodošlica	noun	hbs	dobrodošlica	noun	slv
dogodovština	noun	hbs	dogodivščina	noun	slv
dolinica	noun	hbs	dolinica	noun	slv
odredba	noun	hbs	določba	noun	slv
gospodarstvo	noun	hbs	domačija	noun	slv
domaćica	noun	hbs	domačinka	noun	slv
domino	noun	hbs	domina	noun	slv
dosjetka	noun	hbs	domislica	noun	slv
mašta	noun	hbs	domišljija	noun	slv
domovina	noun	hbs	domovina	noun	slv
dopisnica	noun	hbs	dopisnica	noun	slv
doseg	noun	hbs	dosega	noun	slv
miraz	noun	hbs	dota	noun	slv
proljev	noun	hbs	driska	noun	slv
mrvica	noun	hbs	drobtina	noun	slv
mrvičica	noun	hbs	drobtinica	noun	slv
družina	noun	hbs	druščina	noun	slv
društvo	noun	hbs	družba	noun	slv
družica	noun	hbs	družica	noun	slv
držanje	noun	hbs	drža	noun	slv
duplja	noun	hbs	duplina	noun	slv
dušica	noun	hbs	dušica	noun	slv
dvadesetina	noun	hbs	dvajsetina	noun	slv
dvojica	noun	hbs	dvojica	noun	slv
jedinka	noun	hbs	edinka	noun	slv
pogubljenje	noun	hbs	eksekucija	noun	slv
egzistencija	noun	hbs	eksistenca	noun	slv
ekskurzija	noun	hbs	ekskurzija	noun	slv
elastika	noun	hbs	elastika	noun	slv
elektrana	noun	hbs	elektrarna	noun	slv
jednadžba	noun	hbs	enačba	noun	slv
etapa	noun	hbs	etapa	noun	slv
etaža	noun	hbs	etaža	noun	slv
etiketa	noun	hbs	etiketa	noun	slv
evidencija	noun	hbs	evidenca	noun	slv
fakultet	noun	hbs	fakulteta	noun	slv
poduzeće	noun	hbs	firma	noun	slv
tvrtka	noun	hbs	firma	noun	slv
flauta	noun	hbs	flavta	noun	slv
folklor	noun	hbs	folklora	noun	slv
forma	noun	hbs	forma	noun	slv
praćka	noun	hbs	frača	noun	slv
fronta	noun	hbs	fronta	noun	slv
galon	noun	hbs	galona	noun	slv
generalka	noun	hbs	generalka	noun	slv
površina	noun	hbs	gladina	noun	slv
glasnica	noun	hbs	glasilka	noun	slv
glavnina	noun	hbs	glavnina	noun	slv
gledateljica	noun	hbs	gledalka	noun	slv
dubina	noun	hbs	globina	noun	slv
dubina	noun	hbs	globočina	noun	slv
gluhoća	noun	hbs	gluhota	noun	slv
gužva	noun	hbs	gneča	noun	slv
spužva	noun	hbs	goba	noun	slv
gljiva	noun	hbs	goba	noun	slv
sastav	noun	hbs	godba	noun	slv
goljenica	noun	hbs	golenica	noun	slv
pustopoljina	noun	hbs	goličava	noun	slv
prijevara	noun	hbs	goljufija	noun	slv
prevara	noun	hbs	goljufija	noun	slv
spletka	noun	hbs	goljufija	noun	slv
obmana	noun	hbs	goljufija	noun	slv
golotinja	noun	hbs	golota	noun	slv
gusjenica	noun	hbs	gosenica	noun	slv
gospoda	noun	hbs	gospoda	noun	slv
gospodarica	noun	hbs	gospodarica	noun	slv
domaćica	noun	hbs	gospodinja	noun	slv
gospodarica	noun	hbs	gospodinja	noun	slv
gozba	noun	hbs	gostija	noun	slv
gostionica	noun	hbs	gostilna	noun	slv
domaćica	noun	hbs	gostiteljica	noun	slv
gustoća	noun	hbs	gostota	noun	slv
gustiš	noun	hbs	goščava	noun	slv
guštara	noun	hbs	goščava	noun	slv
gravura	noun	hbs	gravura	noun	slv
ružnoća	noun	hbs	grdota	noun	slv
lomača	noun	hbs	grmada	noun	slv
grofovija	noun	hbs	grofija	noun	slv
hrpa	noun	hbs	gruča	noun	slv
bora	noun	hbs	guba	noun	slv
nabor	noun	hbs	guba	noun	slv
pendrek	noun	hbs	gumijevka	noun	slv
hala	noun	hbs	hala	noun	slv
halja	noun	hbs	halja	noun	slv
kći	noun	hbs	hčerka	noun	slv
kćerčica	noun	hbs	hčerkica	noun	slv
hereza	noun	hbs	herezija	noun	slv
mana	noun	hbs	hiba	noun	slv
greška	noun	hbs	hiba	noun	slv
nedostatak	noun	hbs	hiba	noun	slv
nedostatak	noun	hbs	pomanjkljivost	noun	slv
hijerarhija	noun	hbs	hierarhija	noun	slv
hiperprodukcija	noun	hbs	hiperprodukcija	noun	slv
licemjerstvo	noun	hbs	hipokrizija	noun	slv
kućica	noun	hbs	hišica	noun	slv
kućerak	noun	hbs	hiška	noun	slv
nogavica	noun	hbs	hlačnica	noun	slv
hodanje	noun	hbs	hoja	noun	slv
hod	noun	hbs	hoja	noun	slv
hostija	noun	hbs	hostija	noun	slv
pričest	noun	hbs	hostija	noun	slv
krasta	noun	hbs	hrasta	noun	slv
kruška	noun	hbs	hruška	noun	slv
vražica	noun	hbs	hudičevka	noun	slv
đavolica	noun	hbs	hudičevka	noun	slv
zloba	noun	hbs	hudoba	noun	slv
zlobnost	noun	hbs	hudobija	noun	slv
zahvalnica	noun	hbs	hvalnica	noun	slv
identitet	noun	hbs	identiteta	noun	slv
iglica	noun	hbs	iglica	noun	slv
igračka	noun	hbs	igrača	noun	slv
glumica	noun	hbs	igralka	noun	slv
igraonica	noun	hbs	igralnica	noun	slv
igrica	noun	hbs	igrica	noun	slv
inačica	noun	hbs	inačica	noun	slv
instanca	noun	hbs	instanca	noun	slv
inspekcija	noun	hbs	inšpekcija	noun	slv
integritet	noun	hbs	integriteta	noun	slv
inteligencija	noun	hbs	inteligenca	noun	slv
interpretacija	noun	hbs	interpretacija	noun	slv
inventura	noun	hbs	inventura	noun	slv
izba	noun	hbs	izba	noun	slv
oteklina	noun	hbs	izboklina	noun	slv
izgovor	noun	hbs	izgovorjava	noun	slv
gubitak	noun	hbs	izguba	noun	slv
iznimka	noun	hbs	izjema	noun	slv
izuzetak	noun	hbs	izjema	noun	slv
iskopina	noun	hbs	izkopanina	noun	slv
izlog	noun	hbs	izložba	noun	slv
smjena	noun	hbs	izmena	noun	slv
izmišljotina	noun	hbs	izmišljotina	noun	slv
izobrazba	noun	hbs	izobrazba	noun	slv
izvod	noun	hbs	izpeljava	noun	slv
proizvod	noun	hbs	proizvod	noun	slv
proizvod	noun	hbs	izdelek	noun	slv
isplaka	noun	hbs	izplaka	noun	slv
posudba	noun	hbs	izposoja	noun	slv
ispostava	noun	hbs	izpostava	noun	slv
izrabljivanje	noun	hbs	izraba	noun	slv
izrabljenost	noun	hbs	izraba	noun	slv
natuknica	noun	hbs	iztočnica	noun	slv
izvidnica	noun	hbs	izvidnica	noun	slv
ovrha	noun	hbs	izvršba	noun	slv
jabuka	noun	hbs	jablana	noun	slv
jamica	noun	hbs	jamica	noun	slv
čistina	noun	hbs	jasa	noun	slv
proplanak	noun	hbs	jasa	noun	slv
jasnoća	noun	hbs	jasnina	noun	slv
jato	noun	hbs	jata	noun	slv
zatvor	noun	hbs	ječa	noun	slv
blagovaonica	noun	hbs	jedilnica	noun	slv
jahanje	noun	hbs	ježa	noun	slv
kabina	noun	hbs	kajuta	noun	slv
kalkulacija	noun	hbs	kalkulacija	noun	slv
kamenina	noun	hbs	kamenina	noun	slv
kamenina	noun	hbs	kamnina	noun	slv
kapelica	noun	hbs	kapelica	noun	slv
kapica	noun	hbs	kapica	noun	slv
kapljica	noun	hbs	kapljica	noun	slv
kapuljača	noun	hbs	kapuca	noun	slv
karakteristika	noun	hbs	karakteristika	noun	slv
karantena	noun	hbs	karantena	noun	slv
karavana	noun	hbs	karavana	noun	slv
karavela	noun	hbs	karavela	noun	slv
kartoteka	noun	hbs	kartoteka	noun	slv
kasarna	noun	hbs	kasarna	noun	slv
kemikalija	noun	hbs	kemikalija	noun	slv
gruda	noun	hbs	kepa	noun	slv
kilotona	noun	hbs	kilotona	noun	slv
kinodvorana	noun	hbs	kinodvorana	noun	slv
dvorana	noun	hbs	dvorana	noun	slv
kiselina	noun	hbs	kislina	noun	slv
pletenica	noun	hbs	kita	noun	slv
gitara	noun	hbs	kitara	noun	slv
kitica	noun	hbs	kitica	noun	slv
kavez	noun	hbs	kletka	noun	slv
krletka	noun	hbs	kletka	noun	slv
psovka	noun	hbs	kletvica	noun	slv
kletva	noun	hbs	kletvica	noun	slv
kleveta	noun	hbs	kleveta	noun	slv
klica	noun	hbs	klica	noun	slv
brava	noun	hbs	ključavnica	noun	slv
ključanica	noun	hbs	ključavnica	noun	slv
kvaka	noun	hbs	kljuka	noun	slv
kuka	noun	hbs	kljuka	noun	slv
kobasa	noun	hbs	klobasa	noun	slv
pljuska	noun	hbs	klofuta	noun	slv
šamar	noun	hbs	klofuta	noun	slv
seljanka	noun	hbs	kmetica	noun	slv
gospodarstvo	noun	hbs	kmetija	noun	slv
kneginja	noun	hbs	kneginja	noun	slv
kneževina	noun	hbs	kneževina	noun	slv
skakavac	noun	hbs	kobilica	noun	slv
koliba	noun	hbs	koča	noun	slv
kočija	noun	hbs	kočija	noun	slv
kôd	noun	hbs	koda	noun	slv
kolajna	noun	hbs	kolajna	noun	slv
kolegica	noun	hbs	kolegica	noun	slv
koraba	noun	hbs	koleraba	noun	slv
biciklistica	noun	hbs	kolesarka	noun	slv
biciklistkinja	noun	hbs	kolesarka	noun	slv
koliba	noun	hbs	koliba	noun	slv
komanda	noun	hbs	komanda	noun	slv
kompozicija	noun	hbs	kompozicija	noun	slv
završetak	noun	hbs	končnica	noun	slv
konfederacija	noun	hbs	konfederacija	noun	slv
šiljak	noun	hbs	konica	noun	slv
špica	noun	hbs	konica	noun	slv
konkurentica	noun	hbs	konkurentka	noun	slv
konstrukcija	noun	hbs	konstrukcija	noun	slv
kontinuitet	noun	hbs	kontinuiteta	noun	slv
kontrola	noun	hbs	kontrola	noun	slv
konzerva	noun	hbs	konzerva	noun	slv
kopača	noun	hbs	kopača	noun	slv
kupaćica	noun	hbs	kopalka	noun	slv
kopija	noun	hbs	kopija	noun	slv
kopija	noun	hbs	izvod	noun	slv
koračnica	noun	hbs	koračnica	noun	slv
koralj	noun	hbs	korala	noun	slv
korijen	noun	hbs	korenina	noun	slv
ugljen	noun	hbs	ogljik	noun	slv
ugljen	noun	hbs	premog	noun	slv
škrob	noun	hbs	škrob	noun	slv
kosa	noun	hbs	kosa	noun	slv
koštica	noun	hbs	koščica	noun	slv
kota	noun	hbs	kota	noun	slv
anegdota	noun	hbs	preteklost	noun	slv
kotlina	noun	hbs	kotanja	noun	slv
kotlina	noun	hbs	kotlina	noun	slv
kovina	noun	hbs	kovina	noun	slv
svinjarija	noun	hbs	kozlarija	noun	slv
krajolik	noun	hbs	krajina	noun	slv
kraljevina	noun	hbs	kraljevina	noun	slv
krama	noun	hbs	krama	noun	slv
krastača	noun	hbs	krastača	noun	slv
kratica	noun	hbs	kratica	noun	slv
krčmarica	noun	hbs	krčmarica	noun	slv
kriminalitet	noun	hbs	kriminaliteta	noun	slv
intenzivnost	noun	hbs	intenzivnost	noun	slv
krinka	noun	hbs	krinka	noun	slv
krivda	noun	hbs	krivda	noun	slv
nepravda	noun	hbs	krivica	noun	slv
krivulja	noun	hbs	krivulja	noun	slv
krma	noun	hbs	krma	noun	slv
kugla	noun	hbs	krogla	noun	slv
kuglica	noun	hbs	kroglica	noun	slv
kruna	noun	hbs	krona	noun	slv
krpa	noun	hbs	krpa	noun	slv
lijes	noun	hbs	krsta	noun	slv
krtičnjak	noun	hbs	krtina	noun	slv
kuharica	noun	hbs	kuharica	noun	slv
kukavica	noun	hbs	kukavica	noun	slv
kulisa	noun	hbs	kulisa	noun	slv
krastavac	noun	hbs	kumara	noun	slv
kupa	noun	hbs	kupa	noun	slv
ponuda	noun	hbs	kupčija	noun	slv
kokoš	noun	hbs	kura	noun	slv
ogrjev	noun	hbs	kurjava	noun	slv
kurziv	noun	hbs	kurziva	noun	slv
kvaliteta	noun	hbs	kvaliteta	noun	slv
lakoća	noun	hbs	lahkota	noun	slv
vergl	noun	hbs	lajna	noun	slv
vlasnica	noun	hbs	lastnica	noun	slv
svojstvo	noun	hbs	lastnina	noun	slv
svojstvo	noun	hbs	značilnost	noun	slv
vlasulja	noun	hbs	lasulja	noun	slv
perika	noun	hbs	lasulja	noun	slv
zdjela	noun	hbs	latvica	noun	slv
leća	noun	hbs	leča	noun	slv
bubreg	noun	hbs	ledvica	noun	slv
lokacija	noun	hbs	lega	noun	slv
sankcija	noun	hbs	sankcija	noun	slv
legitimacija	noun	hbs	legitimacija	noun	slv
ljekarna	noun	hbs	lekarna	noun	slv
apoteka	noun	hbs	lekarna	noun	slv
ljepenka	noun	hbs	lepenka	noun	slv
ljepota	noun	hbs	lepota	noun	slv
ljepotica	noun	hbs	lepotica	noun	slv
ljeskovača	noun	hbs	leskovka	noun	slv
ljetina	noun	hbs	letina	noun	slv
urod	noun	hbs	letina	noun	slv
godina	noun	hbs	letnica	noun	slv
ljevica	noun	hbs	levica	noun	slv
lavica	noun	hbs	levinja	noun	slv
leukemija	noun	hbs	levkemija	noun	slv
licenca	noun	hbs	licenca	noun	slv
obraz	noun	hbs	ličnica	noun	slv
limun	noun	hbs	limona	noun	slv
lista	noun	hbs	lista	noun	slv
povelja	noun	hbs	listina	noun	slv
ljubavnica	noun	hbs	ljubica	noun	slv
sekta	noun	hbs	ločina	noun	slv
šupa	noun	hbs	lopa	noun	slv
poklopac	noun	hbs	loputa	noun	slv
lutrija	noun	hbs	loterija	noun	slv
lovorika	noun	hbs	lovorika	noun	slv
loža	noun	hbs	loža	noun	slv
svjetiljčica	noun	hbs	lučka	noun	slv
rupica	noun	hbs	luknjica	noun	slv
mjesec	noun	hbs	luna	noun	slv
povećalo	noun	hbs	lupa	noun	slv
ljuska	noun	hbs	lupina	noun	slv
ljuštura	noun	hbs	lupina	noun	slv
kora	noun	hbs	lupina	noun	slv
ljuska	noun	hbs	luskina	noun	slv
lokva	noun	hbs	luža	noun	slv
mlaka	noun	hbs	luža	noun	slv
lokvica	noun	hbs	lužica	noun	slv
torbica	noun	hbs	malha	noun	slv
užina	noun	hbs	malica	noun	slv
manekenka	noun	hbs	manekenka	noun	slv
margarin	noun	hbs	margarina	noun	slv
markacija	noun	hbs	markacija	noun	slv
marka	noun	hbs	marka	noun	slv
pekmez	noun	hbs	marmelada	noun	slv
marmelada	noun	hbs	marmelada	noun	slv
pruga	noun	hbs	maroga	noun	slv
misa	noun	hbs	maša	noun	slv
mašinerija	noun	hbs	mašinerija	noun	slv
maternica	noun	hbs	maternica	noun	slv
matica	noun	hbs	matica	noun	slv
matura	noun	hbs	matura	noun	slv
duga	noun	hbs	mavrica	noun	slv
megatona	noun	hbs	megatona	noun	slv
izmaglica	noun	hbs	meglica	noun	slv
melisa	noun	hbs	melisa	noun	slv
mijena	noun	hbs	mena	noun	slv
mješavina	noun	hbs	mešanica	noun	slv
mješavina	noun	hbs	spojina	noun	slv
građanka	noun	hbs	meščanka	noun	slv
metoda	noun	hbs	metoda	noun	slv
milostinja	noun	hbs	miloščina	noun	slv
minijatura	noun	hbs	miniatura	noun	slv
mistika	noun	hbs	mistika	noun	slv
mitnica	noun	hbs	mitnica	noun	slv
stolić	noun	hbs	mizica	noun	slv
maloljetnica	noun	hbs	mladoletnica	noun	slv
mlaka	noun	hbs	mlaka	noun	slv
žabokrečina	noun	hbs	mlakuža	noun	slv
modrica	noun	hbs	modrica	noun	slv
modrina	noun	hbs	modrina	noun	slv
majstorica	noun	hbs	mojstrica	noun	slv
vlažnost	noun	hbs	mokrota	noun	slv
bogomolja	noun	hbs	molilnica	noun	slv
mora	noun	hbs	mora	noun	slv
moral	noun	hbs	morala	noun	slv
morija	noun	hbs	morija	noun	slv
ubojica	noun	hbs	morilka	noun	slv
džamija	noun	hbs	mošeja	noun	slv
mrcina	noun	hbs	mrcina	noun	slv
mrena	noun	hbs	mrena	noun	slv
groznica	noun	hbs	mrzlica	noun	slv
drhtavica	noun	hbs	mrzlica	noun	slv
vrućica	noun	hbs	mrzlica	noun	slv
mučilište	noun	hbs	mučilnica	noun	slv
muha	noun	hbs	muha	noun	slv
muka	noun	hbs	muka	noun	slv
mula	noun	hbs	mula	noun	slv
mušica	noun	hbs	mušica	noun	slv
serija	noun	hbs	nadaljevanka	noun	slv
prevlast	noun	hbs	nadvlada	noun	slv
žurba	noun	hbs	naglica	noun	slv
hitnja	noun	hbs	naglica	noun	slv
nakana	noun	hbs	nakana	noun	slv
doznačnica	noun	hbs	nakaznica	noun	slv
uputnica	noun	hbs	nakaznica	noun	slv
naljepnica	noun	hbs	nalepka	noun	slv
namjera	noun	hbs	namera	noun	slv
uputnica	noun	hbs	napotnica	noun	slv
narukvica	noun	hbs	naročnica	noun	slv
pretplata	noun	hbs	naročnina	noun	slv
naslada	noun	hbs	naslada	noun	slv
nasljednica	noun	hbs	naslednica	noun	slv
konobarica	noun	hbs	natakarica	noun	slv
škrip	noun	hbs	natezalnica	noun	slv
navika	noun	hbs	navada	noun	slv
navada	noun	hbs	navada	noun	slv
formacija	noun	hbs	naveza	noun	slv
povezanost	noun	hbs	navezava	noun	slv
njega	noun	hbs	nega	noun	slv
nemoral	noun	hbs	nemorala	noun	slv
neosoba	noun	hbs	neoseba	noun	slv
neposlušnost	noun	hbs	nepokorščina	noun	slv
nekretnina	noun	hbs	nepremičnina	noun	slv
neistina	noun	hbs	neresnica	noun	slv
nervoza	noun	hbs	nervoza	noun	slv
prljavština	noun	hbs	nesnaga	noun	slv
nevjesta	noun	hbs	nevesta	noun	slv
nezgoda	noun	hbs	nezgoda	noun	slv
neznanka	noun	hbs	neznanka	noun	slv
nit	noun	hbs	nitka	noun	slv
njiva	noun	hbs	njiva	noun	slv
nogavica	noun	hbs	nogavica	noun	slv
ludnica	noun	hbs	norišnica	noun	slv
trudnica	noun	hbs	nosečnica	noun	slv
nosilja	noun	hbs	nosilka	noun	slv
nošnja	noun	hbs	noša	noun	slv
nota	noun	hbs	nota	noun	slv
unutrašnjost	noun	hbs	notranjščina	noun	slv
novitet	noun	hbs	noviteta	noun	slv
nožica	noun	hbs	nožica	noun	slv
korice	noun	hbs	nožnica	noun	slv
nužda	noun	hbs	nuja	noun	slv
redovnica	noun	hbs	nuna	noun	slv
časna sestra	noun	hbs	nuna	noun	slv
obrada	noun	hbs	obdelava	noun	slv
obilje	noun	hbs	obilica	noun	slv
odjeća	noun	hbs	obleka	noun	slv
oblina	noun	hbs	oblina	noun	slv
postupak	noun	hbs	obravnava	noun	slv
osuda	noun	hbs	obsodba	noun	slv
optužnica	noun	hbs	obtožnica	noun	slv
zaobilaznica	noun	hbs	obvoznica	noun	slv
deka	noun	hbs	odeja	noun	slv
ćebe	noun	hbs	odeja	noun	slv
rješenje	noun	hbs	odločba	noun	slv
obrazovanje	noun	hbs	izobraževanje	noun	slv
otvor	noun	hbs	odprtina	noun	slv
odredba	noun	hbs	odredba	noun	slv
ogrebotina	noun	hbs	odrgnina	noun	slv
zemljište	noun	hbs	ograda	noun	slv
ograda	noun	hbs	ograja	noun	slv
okolica	noun	hbs	okolica	noun	slv
ud	noun	hbs	okončina	noun	slv
skraćenica	noun	hbs	okrajšava	noun	slv
kvar	noun	hbs	okvara	noun	slv
olakšica	noun	hbs	olajšava	noun	slv
uglađenost	noun	hbs	olika	noun	slv
uljanica	noun	hbs	oljenka	noun	slv
umak	noun	hbs	omaka	noun	slv
ormar	noun	hbs	omara	noun	slv
spomen	noun	hbs	omemba	noun	slv
vrtoglavica	noun	hbs	omotica	noun	slv
opaska	noun	hbs	opazka	noun	slv
majmun	noun	hbs	opica	noun	slv
oslonac	noun	hbs	opora	noun	slv
oporuka	noun	hbs	oporoka	noun	slv
zavjet	noun	hbs	oporoka	noun	slv
oprava	noun	hbs	oprava	noun	slv
naranča	noun	hbs	oranža	noun	slv
pacijent	noun	hbs	pacient	noun	slv
orijentacija	noun	hbs	orientacija	noun	slv
oštrica	noun	hbs	ostrica	noun	slv
oštrina	noun	hbs	ostrina	noun	slv
odvratnoća	noun	hbs	ostuda	noun	slv
dojava	noun	hbs	ovadba	noun	slv
ovčica	noun	hbs	ovčica	noun	slv
puzavac	noun	hbs	ovijalka	noun	slv
oznaka	noun	hbs	označba	noun	slv
užina	noun	hbs	ožina	noun	slv
palčica	noun	hbs	palčica	noun	slv
paleta	noun	hbs	paleta	noun	slv
grana	noun	hbs	panoga	noun	slv
parcela	noun	hbs	parcela	noun	slv
parola	noun	hbs	parola	noun	slv
stranka	noun	hbs	partija	noun	slv
partnerica	noun	hbs	partnerica	noun	slv
pasiflora	noun	hbs	pasijonka	noun	slv
pasta	noun	hbs	pasta	noun	slv
paša	noun	hbs	paša	noun	slv
ispaša	noun	hbs	paša	noun	slv
ophodnja	noun	hbs	patrulja	noun	slv
patrola	noun	hbs	patrulja	noun	slv
pečenje	noun	hbs	pečenka	noun	slv
pečenka	noun	hbs	pečenka	noun	slv
pećnica	noun	hbs	pečica	noun	slv
stijena	noun	hbs	pečina	noun	slv
litica	noun	hbs	pečina	noun	slv
pedagoginja	noun	hbs	pedagoginja	noun	slv
pjega	noun	hbs	pega	noun	slv
pješaštvo	noun	hbs	pehota	noun	slv
vlasništvo	noun	hbs	premoženje	noun	slv
pješadija	noun	hbs	pehota	noun	slv
pekara	noun	hbs	pekarna	noun	slv
pekarnica	noun	hbs	pekarna	noun	slv
pekarna	noun	hbs	pekarna	noun	slv
pjena	noun	hbs	pena	noun	slv
pjesmica	noun	hbs	pesmica	noun	slv
šačica	noun	hbs	peščica	noun	slv
petorica	noun	hbs	peterica	noun	slv
petina	noun	hbs	petina	noun	slv
petoljetka	noun	hbs	petletka	noun	slv
pjevačica	noun	hbs	pevka	noun	slv
piće	noun	hbs	pijača	noun	slv
slavina	noun	hbs	pipa	noun	slv
pipa	noun	hbs	pipa	noun	slv
rukopis	noun	hbs	pisava	noun	slv
pistacija	noun	hbs	pistacija	noun	slv
zviždaljka	noun	hbs	piščalka	noun	slv
fućkaljka	noun	hbs	piščalka	noun	slv
pištolj	noun	hbs	pištola	noun	slv
pivnica	noun	hbs	pivnica	noun	slv
pivara	noun	hbs	pivovarna	noun	slv
pidžama	noun	hbs	pižama	noun	slv
baklja	noun	hbs	plamenica	noun	slv
ravnica	noun	hbs	planjava	noun	slv
plastična boca	noun	hbs	plastenka	noun	slv
korica	noun	hbs	platnica	noun	slv
pelena	noun	hbs	plenica	noun	slv
plesačica	noun	hbs	plesalka	noun	slv
ćela	noun	hbs	pleša	noun	slv
plima	noun	hbs	plima	noun	slv
upala pluća	noun	hbs	pljučnica	noun	slv
lim	noun	hbs	pločevina	noun	slv
pleh	noun	hbs	pločevina	noun	slv
limenka	noun	hbs	pločevinka	noun	slv
plodova voda	noun	hbs	plodovnica	noun	slv
pljusak	noun	hbs	ploha	noun	slv
ploča	noun	hbs	plošča	noun	slv
pločica	noun	hbs	ploščica	noun	slv
plovidba	noun	hbs	plovba	noun	slv
pneumatika	noun	hbs	pnevmatika	noun	slv
dodavanje	noun	hbs	podaja	noun	slv
štakor	noun	hbs	podgana	noun	slv
temelj	noun	hbs	podlaga	noun	slv
temelj	noun	hbs	temelj	noun	slv
osnova	noun	hbs	podlaga	noun	slv
podloga	noun	hbs	podlaga	noun	slv
prikaz	noun	hbs	podoba	noun	slv
prikazić	noun	hbs	podobica	noun	slv
potpisnica	noun	hbs	podpisnica	noun	slv
pogača	noun	hbs	pogača	noun	slv
pogačica	noun	hbs	pogačica	noun	slv
pogodba	noun	hbs	pogodba	noun	slv
ugovor	noun	hbs	pogodba	noun	slv
nagodba	noun	hbs	pogodba	noun	slv
pogrebnina	noun	hbs	pogrebnina	noun	slv
podušje	noun	hbs	pogrebščina	noun	slv
propast	noun	hbs	poguba	noun	slv
pohota	noun	hbs	pohota	noun	slv
gozba	noun	hbs	pojedina	noun	slv
pokora	noun	hbs	pokora	noun	slv
pokornost	noun	hbs	pokorščina	noun	slv
polka	noun	hbs	polka	noun	slv
punionica	noun	hbs	polnilnica	noun	slv
uplatnica	noun	hbs	položnica	noun	slv
poluistina	noun	hbs	polresnica	noun	slv
polutama	noun	hbs	poltema	noun	slv
naranča	noun	hbs	pomaranča	noun	slv
zabuna	noun	hbs	pomota	noun	slv
krivotvorina	noun	hbs	ponaredba	noun	slv
falsifikacija	noun	hbs	ponaredba	noun	slv
pjesma	noun	hbs	popevka	noun	slv
populacija	noun	hbs	populacija	noun	slv
pora	noun	hbs	pora	noun	slv
rodilja	noun	hbs	porodnica	noun	slv
rodilište	noun	hbs	porodnišnica	noun	slv
vjenčanje	noun	hbs	poroka	noun	slv
prosjeka	noun	hbs	poseka	noun	slv
poslanica	noun	hbs	poslanica	noun	slv
poslanje	noun	hbs	poslanka	noun	slv
slanje	noun	hbs	pošiljanje	noun	slv
posuda	noun	hbs	posoda	noun	slv
stas	noun	hbs	postava	noun	slv
krevet	noun	hbs	postelja	noun	slv
postelja	noun	hbs	postelja	noun	slv
poštarina	noun	hbs	poštnina	noun	slv
potez	noun	hbs	poteza	noun	slv
putić	noun	hbs	potka	noun	slv
putnica	noun	hbs	potnica	noun	slv
potrepština	noun	hbs	potrebščina	noun	slv
krivotvorina	noun	hbs	potvorba	noun	slv
patvorina	noun	hbs	potvorba	noun	slv
povratnica	noun	hbs	povratnica	noun	slv
zastara	noun	hbs	pozaba	noun	slv
pozicija	noun	hbs	pozicija	noun	slv
prabaka	noun	hbs	prababica	noun	slv
ogrebotina	noun	hbs	praska	noun	slv
pravednica	noun	hbs	pravičnica	noun	slv
bajka	noun	hbs	pravljica	noun	slv
praznina	noun	hbs	praznina	noun	slv
probava	noun	hbs	prebava	noun	slv
prečka	noun	hbs	prečka	noun	slv
prerada	noun	hbs	predelava	noun	slv
prethodnica	noun	hbs	predhodnica	noun	slv
predložak	noun	hbs	predloga	noun	slv
prefiks	noun	hbs	predpona	noun	slv
predmetak	noun	hbs	predpona	noun	slv
pretpostavka	noun	hbs	predpostavka	noun	slv
predsjednica	noun	hbs	predsednica	noun	slv
predstava	noun	hbs	predstava	noun	slv
predstavnica	noun	hbs	predstavnica	noun	slv
neugodnost	noun	hbs	preglavica	noun	slv
pregrada	noun	hbs	pregrada	noun	slv
porok	noun	hbs	pregreha	noun	slv
prehrana	noun	hbs	prehrana	noun	slv
prijelomnica	noun	hbs	prelomnica	noun	slv
preobilje	noun	hbs	preobilica	noun	slv
preobuka	noun	hbs	preobleka	noun	slv
preobrazba	noun	hbs	preobrazba	noun	slv
prepona	noun	hbs	prepona	noun	slv
tepih	noun	hbs	preproga	noun	slv
predviđanje	noun	hbs	prerokba	noun	slv
presjek	noun	hbs	preseka	noun	slv
opskrba	noun	hbs	preskrba	noun	slv
opskrba	noun	hbs	oskrba	noun	slv
probava	noun	hbs	presnova	noun	slv
procjena	noun	hbs	presoja	noun	slv
procjena	noun	hbs	vrednotenje	noun	slv
prijestolnica	noun	hbs	prestolnica	noun	slv
izgovor	noun	hbs	pretveza	noun	slv
izlika	noun	hbs	pretveza	noun	slv
preventiva	noun	hbs	preventiva	noun	slv
preodgoj	noun	hbs	prevzgoja	noun	slv
vrebanje	noun	hbs	preža	noun	slv
svjedok	noun	hbs	priča	noun	slv
propovijed	noun	hbs	pridiga	noun	slv
dogodovština	noun	hbs	prigoda	noun	slv
prijateljica	noun	hbs	prijateljica	noun	slv
prijava	noun	hbs	prijava	noun	slv
priležnica	noun	hbs	priležnica	noun	slv
prilika	noun	hbs	prilika	noun	slv
prilog	noun	hbs	priloga	noun	slv
usporedba	noun	hbs	primera	noun	slv
princeza	noun	hbs	princesa	noun	slv
primjedba	noun	hbs	pripomba	noun	slv
sufiks	noun	hbs	pripona	noun	slv
sastavnica	noun	hbs	pritiklina	noun	slv
sljedbenica	noun	hbs	privrženka	noun	slv
problematika	noun	hbs	problematika	noun	slv
procedura	noun	hbs	procedura	noun	slv
prodavačica	noun	hbs	prodajalka	noun	slv
produkcija	noun	hbs	produkcija	noun	slv
pruga	noun	hbs	proga	noun	slv
promiskuitet	noun	hbs	promiskuiteta	noun	slv
proslava	noun	hbs	proslava	noun	slv
protekcija	noun	hbs	protekcija	noun	slv
stolčić	noun	hbs	pručka	noun	slv
sastavnica	noun	hbs	prvina	noun	slv
psihologinja	noun	hbs	psihologinja	noun	slv
pubertet	noun	hbs	puberteta	noun	slv
djevojka	noun	hbs	punca	noun	slv
djevojčica	noun	hbs	punčka	noun	slv
punkcija	noun	hbs	punkcija	noun	slv
pustinja	noun	hbs	puščava	noun	slv
strijela	noun	hbs	puščica	noun	slv
uporaba	noun	hbs	raba	noun	slv
patka	noun	hbs	raca	noun	slv
rame	noun	hbs	rama	noun	slv
rasa	noun	hbs	rasa	noun	slv
ravnica	noun	hbs	ravnica	noun	slv
ravnina	noun	hbs	ravnina	noun	slv
olupina	noun	hbs	razbitina	noun	slv
istraživanje	noun	hbs	raziskava	noun	slv
čir	noun	hbs	razjeda	noun	slv
razmjer	noun	hbs	razmera	noun	slv
pukotina	noun	hbs	razpoka	noun	slv
raspolaganje	noun	hbs	razpolaga	noun	slv
rasprodaja	noun	hbs	razprodaja	noun	slv
presuda	noun	hbs	razsodba	noun	slv
otopina	noun	hbs	raztopina	noun	slv
ružna navika	noun	hbs	razvada	noun	slv
ruševina	noun	hbs	razvalina	noun	slv
rumenilo	noun	hbs	rdečica	noun	slv
crvenilo	noun	hbs	rdečica	noun	slv
rebula	noun	hbs	rebula	noun	slv
recepcija	noun	hbs	recepcija	noun	slv
redukcija	noun	hbs	redukcija	noun	slv
referenca	noun	hbs	referenca	noun	slv
regulacija	noun	hbs	regulacija	noun	slv
reklama	noun	hbs	reklama	noun	slv
relacija	noun	hbs	relacija	noun	slv
repa	noun	hbs	repa	noun	slv
represija	noun	hbs	represija	noun	slv
resa	noun	hbs	resa	noun	slv
restoran	noun	hbs	restavracija	noun	slv
restauracija	noun	hbs	restavracija	noun	slv
jadnica	noun	hbs	reva	noun	slv
revija	noun	hbs	revija	noun	slv
časopis	noun	hbs	revija	noun	slv
rezidencija	noun	hbs	rezidenca	noun	slv
prorez	noun	hbs	reža	noun	slv
ribica	noun	hbs	ribica	noun	slv
crtani film	noun	hbs	risanka	noun	slv
crtanje	noun	hbs	risba	noun	slv
rivijera	noun	hbs	riviera	noun	slv
plahta	noun	hbs	rjuha	noun	slv
kupina	noun	hbs	robidnica	noun	slv
rodbina	noun	hbs	rodbina	noun	slv
rašlje	noun	hbs	rogovila	noun	slv
rogožina	noun	hbs	rogoznica	noun	slv
rukavica	noun	hbs	rokavica	noun	slv
romantizam	noun	hbs	romantika	noun	slv
romantika	noun	hbs	romantika	noun	slv
ruža	noun	hbs	roža	noun	slv
ružica	noun	hbs	rožica	noun	slv
rubrika	noun	hbs	rubrika	noun	slv
rudača	noun	hbs	rudnina	noun	slv
ruda	noun	hbs	rudnina	noun	slv
busen	noun	hbs	ruša	noun	slv
ruševina	noun	hbs	ruševina	noun	slv
rutvica	noun	hbs	rutica	noun	slv
ženka	noun	hbs	samica	noun	slv
ženkica	noun	hbs	samička	noun	slv
samohipnoza	noun	hbs	samohipnoza	noun	slv
samohrana majka	noun	hbs	samohranilka	noun	slv
samokontrola	noun	hbs	samokontrola	noun	slv
samoobmana	noun	hbs	samoprevara	noun	slv
samoća	noun	hbs	samota	noun	slv
san	noun	hbs	sanja	noun	slv
sanjarija	noun	hbs	sanjarija	noun	slv
dah	noun	hbs	sapa	noun	slv
dašak	noun	hbs	sapica	noun	slv
sedmina	noun	hbs	sedmina	noun	slv
sekcija	noun	hbs	sekcija	noun	slv
sjekira	noun	hbs	sekira	noun	slv
tajnica	noun	hbs	sekretarka	noun	slv
sekunda	noun	hbs	sekunda	noun	slv
selekcija	noun	hbs	selekcija	noun	slv
sjemenica	noun	hbs	semenčica	noun	slv
spermatozoid	noun	hbs	semenčica	noun	slv
sjena	noun	hbs	senca	noun	slv
hladovina	noun	hbs	senca	noun	slv
senzacija	noun	hbs	senzacija	noun	slv
složenica	noun	hbs	sestavljenka	noun	slv
sestrica	noun	hbs	sestrica	noun	slv
sfera	noun	hbs	sfera	noun	slv
smočnica	noun	hbs	shramba	noun	slv
spremnica	noun	hbs	shramba	noun	slv
ostava	noun	hbs	shramba	noun	slv
silueta	noun	hbs	silhueta	noun	slv
dina	noun	hbs	sipina	noun	slv
ljestvica	noun	hbs	skala	noun	slv
stijena	noun	hbs	skala	noun	slv
skala	noun	hbs	skala	noun	slv
gomila	noun	hbs	skladovnica	noun	slv
hrpa	noun	hbs	skladovnica	noun	slv
zdjelica	noun	hbs	skledica	noun	slv
zdjela	noun	hbs	skodela	noun	slv
šalica	noun	hbs	skodelica	noun	slv
kraćenje	noun	hbs	skrajšava	noun	slv
škrinja	noun	hbs	skrinja	noun	slv
škrinjica	noun	hbs	skrinjica	noun	slv
skupinica	noun	hbs	skupinica	noun	slv
iskušenje	noun	hbs	skušnjava	noun	slv
kušnja	noun	hbs	skušnjava	noun	slv
napast	noun	hbs	skušnjava	noun	slv
mraz	noun	hbs	slana	noun	slv
obmana	noun	hbs	sleparija	noun	slv
opsjena	noun	hbs	sleparija	noun	slv
sljeparija	noun	hbs	sleparija	noun	slv
slijepilo	noun	hbs	slepota	noun	slv
sličica	noun	hbs	sličica	noun	slv
slikovnica	noun	hbs	slikanica	noun	slv
slikarija	noun	hbs	slikarija	noun	slv
sloga	noun	hbs	sloga	noun	slv
gramatika	noun	hbs	slovnica	noun	slv
smjernica	noun	hbs	smernica	noun	slv
smola	noun	hbs	smola	noun	slv
peh	noun	hbs	smola	noun	slv
pahuljica	noun	hbs	snežinka	noun	slv
sobetina	noun	hbs	sobana	noun	slv
sutkinja	noun	hbs	sodnica	noun	slv
kip	noun	hbs	soha	noun	slv
salata	noun	hbs	solata	noun	slv
suza	noun	hbs	solza	noun	slv
suncokret	noun	hbs	sončnica	noun	slv
para	noun	hbs	sopara	noun	slv
suputnica	noun	hbs	sopotnica	noun	slv
žena	noun	hbs	soproga	noun	slv
sorta	noun	hbs	sorta	noun	slv
susjeda	noun	hbs	soseda	noun	slv
susjedstvo	noun	hbs	soseska	noun	slv
susjedstvo	noun	hbs	soseščina	noun	slv
tjesnac	noun	hbs	soteska	noun	slv
nakaza	noun	hbs	spaka	noun	slv
spavaonica	noun	hbs	spalnica	noun	slv
specijalitet	noun	hbs	specialiteta	noun	slv
spona	noun	hbs	sponka	noun	slv
spora	noun	hbs	spora	noun	slv
spoznanje	noun	hbs	spoznava	noun	slv
pomirenje	noun	hbs	sprava	noun	slv
izmirenje	noun	hbs	sprava	noun	slv
pratilja	noun	hbs	spremljevalka	noun	slv
košulja	noun	hbs	srajca	noun	slv
sreća	noun	hbs	sreča	noun	slv
srećka	noun	hbs	srečka	noun	slv
staja	noun	hbs	staja	noun	slv
starica	noun	hbs	starka	noun	slv
oklada	noun	hbs	stava	noun	slv
štrajk	noun	hbs	stavka	noun	slv
bedrenjača	noun	hbs	stegnenica	noun	slv
boca	noun	hbs	steklenica	noun	slv
bočica	noun	hbs	steklenička	noun	slv
staklenina	noun	hbs	steklenina	noun	slv
bjesnoća	noun	hbs	steklina	noun	slv
zid	noun	hbs	stena	noun	slv
stjenica	noun	hbs	stenica	noun	slv
stazica	noun	hbs	stezica	noun	slv
nevolja	noun	hbs	stiska	noun	slv
stajanje	noun	hbs	stoja	noun	slv
štand	noun	hbs	stojnica	noun	slv
katedrala	noun	hbs	stolnica	noun	slv
neboder	noun	hbs	stolpnica	noun	slv
stepenica	noun	hbs	stopnica	noun	slv
stotina	noun	hbs	stotina	noun	slv
stranica	noun	hbs	stranica	noun	slv
straža	noun	hbs	straža	noun	slv
stražarnica	noun	hbs	stražarnica	noun	slv
krov	noun	hbs	streha	noun	slv
munja	noun	hbs	strela	noun	slv
krović	noun	hbs	strešica	noun	slv
strmina	noun	hbs	strmina	noun	slv
uzbrdica	noun	hbs	strmina	noun	slv
strojnica	noun	hbs	strojnica	noun	slv
struka	noun	hbs	stroka	noun	slv
kanal	noun	hbs	struga	noun	slv
struna	noun	hbs	struna	noun	slv
koplje	noun	hbs	sulica	noun	slv
superdržava	noun	hbs	superdržava	noun	slv
sirovina	noun	hbs	surovina	noun	slv
šogorica	noun	hbs	svakinja	noun	slv
šurjakinja	noun	hbs	svakinja	noun	slv
svadba	noun	hbs	svatba	noun	slv
svijeća	noun	hbs	sveča	noun	slv
svjećica	noun	hbs	svečka	noun	slv
svjetiljka	noun	hbs	svetilka	noun	slv
plavuša	noun	hbs	svetlolaska	noun	slv
svježina	noun	hbs	svežina	noun	slv
svinja	noun	hbs	svinja	noun	slv
svinjarija	noun	hbs	svinjarija	noun	slv
šahovnica	noun	hbs	šahovnica	noun	slv
šala	noun	hbs	šala	noun	slv
šarenica	noun	hbs	šarenica	noun	slv
štipaljka	noun	hbs	ščipalka	noun	slv
štitnjača	noun	hbs	ščitnica	noun	slv
šezdesetogodišnjica	noun	hbs	šestdesetletnica	noun	slv
šezdesetgodišnjica	noun	hbs	šestdesetletnica	noun	slv
širina	noun	hbs	širjava	noun	slv
kutijica	noun	hbs	škatlica	noun	slv
biskupija	noun	hbs	škofija	noun	slv
školjka	noun	hbs	školjka	noun	slv
šminka	noun	hbs	šminka	noun	slv
školarina	noun	hbs	šolnina	noun	slv
špijunaža	noun	hbs	špijonaža	noun	slv
rascjep	noun	hbs	špranja	noun	slv
brojčanik	noun	hbs	številčnica	noun	slv
rizik	noun	hbs	tveganje	noun	slv
stipendija	noun	hbs	štipendija	noun	slv
štrena	noun	hbs	štrena	noun	slv
tableta	noun	hbs	tableta	noun	slv
tablica	noun	hbs	tablica	noun	slv
tablica	noun	hbs	tabela	noun	slv
tablica	noun	hbs	preglednica	noun	slv
šapa	noun	hbs	taca	noun	slv
tajnica	noun	hbs	tajnica	noun	slv
meta	noun	hbs	tarča	noun	slv
cilj	noun	hbs	tarča	noun	slv
crvendać	noun	hbs	taščica	noun	slv
krađa	noun	hbs	tatvina	noun	slv
tegoba	noun	hbs	tegoba	noun	slv
vaga	noun	hbs	tehtnica	noun	slv
natjecateljica	noun	hbs	tekmovalka	noun	slv
tjelovježba	noun	hbs	telovadba	noun	slv
gimnastička dvorana	noun	hbs	telovadnica	noun	slv
tematika	noun	hbs	tematika	noun	slv
tmina	noun	hbs	temina	noun	slv
tamnica	noun	hbs	temnica	noun	slv
brineta	noun	hbs	temnolaska	noun	slv
tendencija	noun	hbs	tendenca	noun	slv
tjeskoba	noun	hbs	tesnoba	noun	slv
tetka	noun	hbs	teta	noun	slv
tišina	noun	hbs	tihota	noun	slv
ticalo	noun	hbs	tipalka	noun	slv
tiskara	noun	hbs	tiskarna	noun	slv
tišina	noun	hbs	tišina	noun	slv
tlaka	noun	hbs	tlaka	noun	slv
toaleta	noun	hbs	toaleta	noun	slv
tuča	noun	hbs	toča	noun	slv
točionica	noun	hbs	točilnica	noun	slv
utjeha	noun	hbs	tolažba	noun	slv
banda	noun	hbs	tolpa	noun	slv
tona	noun	hbs	tona	noun	slv
drugarica	noun	hbs	tovarišica	noun	slv
tračnica	noun	hbs	tračnica	noun	slv
tragika	noun	hbs	tragika	noun	slv
trasa	noun	hbs	trasa	noun	slv
tratina	noun	hbs	trata	noun	slv
travnjak	noun	hbs	trata	noun	slv
trauma	noun	hbs	travma	noun	slv
tvrđava	noun	hbs	trdnjava	noun	slv
trepavica	noun	hbs	trepalnica	noun	slv
trgovinica	noun	hbs	trgovinica	noun	slv
dućančić	noun	hbs	trgovinica	noun	slv
trgovkinja	noun	hbs	trgovka	noun	slv
tribina	noun	hbs	tribuna	noun	slv
trogodišnjica	noun	hbs	triletka	noun	slv
truba	noun	hbs	trobenta	noun	slv
tromba	noun	hbs	tromba	noun	slv
trošarina	noun	hbs	trošarina	noun	slv
trijeska	noun	hbs	trska	noun	slv
loza	noun	hbs	trta	noun	slv
trtica	noun	hbs	trtica	noun	slv
tržnica	noun	hbs	tržnica	noun	slv
strankinja	noun	hbs	tujka	noun	slv
tvorba	noun	hbs	tvorba	noun	slv
ubojica	noun	hbs	ubijalka	noun	slv
učenica	noun	hbs	učenka	noun	slv
učiteljica	noun	hbs	učiteljica	noun	slv
zagonetka	noun	hbs	uganka	noun	slv
nepogoda	noun	hbs	ujma	noun	slv
nakana	noun	hbs	ukana	noun	slv
uličica	noun	hbs	uličica	noun	slv
prljavština	noun	hbs	umazanija	noun	slv
umjetnost	noun	hbs	umetnija	noun	slv
umjetnina	noun	hbs	umetnina	noun	slv
unča	noun	hbs	unča	noun	slv
unca	noun	hbs	unča	noun	slv
buntovnica	noun	hbs	upornica	noun	slv
sat	noun	hbs	ura	noun	slv
namještanje	noun	hbs	uravnava	noun	slv
talog	noun	hbs	usedlina	noun	slv
službenica	noun	hbs	uslužbenka	noun	slv
djelatnica	noun	hbs	uslužbenka	noun	slv
uspješnica	noun	hbs	uspešnica	noun	slv
hit	noun	hbs	uspešnica	noun	slv
ustav	noun	hbs	ustava	noun	slv
usna	noun	hbs	ustnica	noun	slv
usnica	noun	hbs	ustnica	noun	slv
mamac	noun	hbs	vaba	noun	slv
vježba	noun	hbs	vadba	noun	slv
vježbanje	noun	hbs	vadba	noun	slv
vježbačica	noun	hbs	vaditeljica	noun	slv
vježba	noun	hbs	vaja	noun	slv
proba	noun	hbs	vaja	noun	slv
varijacija	noun	hbs	variacija	noun	slv
varijanta	noun	hbs	varianta	noun	slv
jamčevina	noun	hbs	varščina	noun	slv
kaucija	noun	hbs	varščina	noun	slv
seoce	noun	hbs	vasica	noun	slv
vata	noun	hbs	vata	noun	slv
predaja	noun	hbs	vdaja	noun	slv
udubina	noun	hbs	vdolbina	noun	slv
udubljenje	noun	hbs	vdolbina	noun	slv
znanost	noun	hbs	veda	noun	slv
vedrina	noun	hbs	vedrina	noun	slv
grana	noun	hbs	veja	noun	slv
zarez	noun	hbs	vejica	noun	slv
grančica	noun	hbs	vejica	noun	slv
kapak	noun	hbs	veka	noun	slv
vjeđa	noun	hbs	veka	noun	slv
robna kuća	noun	hbs	veleblagovnica	noun	slv
velesila	noun	hbs	velesila	noun	slv
valjanost	noun	hbs	veljava	noun	slv
vjera	noun	hbs	vera	noun	slv
veranda	noun	hbs	veranda	noun	slv
lanac	noun	hbs	veriga	noun	slv
veselica	noun	hbs	veselica	noun	slv
moljac	noun	hbs	vešča	noun	slv
veteranka	noun	hbs	veteranka	noun	slv
vjetrenjača	noun	hbs	vetrnica	noun	slv
veza	noun	hbs	veza	noun	slv
vezica	noun	hbs	vezalka	noun	slv
uvez	noun	hbs	vezava	noun	slv
vez	noun	hbs	vezava	noun	slv
predvorje	noun	hbs	veža	noun	slv
zavojnica	noun	hbs	vijačnica	noun	slv
ljubičica	noun	hbs	vijolica	noun	slv
vijuga	noun	hbs	vijuga	noun	slv
visina	noun	hbs	višava	noun	slv
posjetnica	noun	hbs	vizitka	noun	slv
vile	noun	hbs	vlača	noun	slv
vladavina	noun	hbs	vladavina	noun	slv
šlep	noun	hbs	vlečka	noun	slv
žar	noun	hbs	vnema	noun	slv
unuka	noun	hbs	vnukinja	noun	slv
vodilja	noun	hbs	vodnica	noun	slv
uhoda	noun	hbs	vohunka	noun	slv
vojni rok	noun	hbs	vojaščina	noun	slv
vojarna	noun	hbs	vojašnica	noun	slv
miris	noun	hbs	vonjava	noun	slv
rok	noun	hbs	rok	noun	slv
šupljina	noun	hbs	votlina	noun	slv
spilja	noun	hbs	votlina	noun	slv
karta	noun	hbs	vozovnica	noun	slv
stranka	noun	hbs	pogodbenica	noun	slv
pristupna cesta	noun	hbs	vpadnica	noun	slv
uvođenje	noun	hbs	vpeljava	noun	slv
zaprega	noun	hbs	vprega	noun	slv
vreća	noun	hbs	vreča	noun	slv
vrećica	noun	hbs	vrečica	noun	slv
vrećica	noun	hbs	vrečka	noun	slv
vrednota	noun	hbs	vrednota	noun	slv
vrućica	noun	hbs	vročica	noun	slv
bušotina	noun	hbs	vrtina	noun	slv
ruža	noun	hbs	vrtnica	noun	slv
vrpca	noun	hbs	vrvica	noun	slv
sadržaj	noun	hbs	vsebina	noun	slv
sadržaj	noun	hbs	vsebnost	noun	slv
uljez	noun	hbs	vsiljivka	noun	slv
ulaznica	noun	hbs	vstopnica	noun	slv
ulaznina	noun	hbs	vstopnina	noun	slv
uzvišenje	noun	hbs	vzpetina	noun	slv
poticaj	noun	hbs	vzpodbuda	noun	slv
usporednica	noun	hbs	vzporednica	noun	slv
uzgoj	noun	hbs	vzreja	noun	slv
šibica	noun	hbs	vžigalica	noun	slv
žigica	noun	hbs	vžigalica	noun	slv
zabluda	noun	hbs	zabloda	noun	slv
početnica	noun	hbs	začetnica	noun	slv
predmet	noun	hbs	zadeva	noun	slv
stvar	noun	hbs	zadeva	noun	slv
stvar	noun	hbs	stvar	noun	slv
neprilika	noun	hbs	zadrega	noun	slv
smičak	noun	hbs	zadrga	noun	slv
patentni zatvarač	noun	hbs	zadrga	noun	slv
zadušnica	noun	hbs	zadušnica	noun	slv
pobornica	noun	hbs	zagovornica	noun	slv
klin	noun	hbs	zagozda	noun	slv
zahtjev	noun	hbs	zahteva	noun	slv
zahtjev	noun	hbs	zahtevek	noun	slv
zahvala	noun	hbs	zahvala	noun	slv
hvala	noun	hbs	hvala	noun	slv
kutlača	noun	hbs	zajemalka	noun	slv
zaimača	noun	hbs	zajemalka	noun	slv
sakristija	noun	hbs	zakristija	noun	slv
leglo	noun	hbs	zalega	noun	slv
zaliha	noun	hbs	zaloga	noun	slv
zaliha	noun	hbs	stalež	noun	slv
nakladnička kuća	noun	hbs	založba	noun	slv
izdavačka kuća	noun	hbs	založba	noun	slv
zamjena	noun	hbs	zamena	noun	slv
zamjera	noun	hbs	zamera	noun	slv
zakašnjenje	noun	hbs	zamuda	noun	slv
omča	noun	hbs	zanka	noun	slv
petlja	noun	hbs	zanka	noun	slv
zavjet	noun	hbs	zaobljuba	noun	slv
zavodnica	noun	hbs	zapeljivka	noun	slv
narukvica	noun	hbs	zapestnica	noun	slv
zakrpa	noun	hbs	zaplata	noun	slv
zatvaranje	noun	hbs	zapora	noun	slv
zapreka	noun	hbs	zapreka	noun	slv
prisega	noun	hbs	zaprisega	noun	slv
utor	noun	hbs	zareza	noun	slv
zasjeda	noun	hbs	zaseda	noun	slv
zaposjedanje	noun	hbs	zasedba	noun	slv
zasluga	noun	hbs	zasluga	noun	slv
osiguravajuća kuća	noun	hbs	zavarovalnica	noun	slv
zavjesa	noun	hbs	zavesa	noun	slv
saveznica	noun	hbs	zaveznica	noun	slv
kočnica	noun	hbs	zavora	noun	slv
predodžba	noun	hbs	zaznava	noun	slv
pošalica	noun	hbs	zbadljivka	noun	slv
zbornica	noun	hbs	zbornica	noun	slv
svađa	noun	hbs	zdraha	noun	slv
zajednica	noun	hbs	združba	noun	slv
zjenica	noun	hbs	zenica	noun	slv
priča	noun	hbs	zgodba	noun	slv
pričica	noun	hbs	zgodbica	noun	slv
zgrada	noun	hbs	zgradba	noun	slv
kolijevka	noun	hbs	zibelka	noun	slv
zipka	noun	hbs	zibka	noun	slv
zidanje	noun	hbs	zidava	noun	slv
složenica	noun	hbs	zloženka	noun	slv
složenac	noun	hbs	zloženka	noun	slv
zbrka	noun	hbs	zmeda	noun	slv
pomutnja	noun	hbs	zmešnjava	noun	slv
zabluda	noun	hbs	zmota	noun	slv
marka	noun	hbs	znamka	noun	slv
poznanica	noun	hbs	znanka	noun	slv
znojnica	noun	hbs	znojnica	noun	slv
zvjerka	noun	hbs	zverina	noun	slv
zvijer	noun	hbs	zver	noun	slv
vjernost	noun	hbs	zvestoba	noun	slv
zvjezdica	noun	hbs	zvezdica	noun	slv
lukavština	noun	hbs	zvijača	noun	slv
zvončić	noun	hbs	zvončnica	noun	slv
pila	noun	hbs	žaga	noun	slv
pilana	noun	hbs	žaga	noun	slv
uvreda	noun	hbs	žaljivka	noun	slv
žalopojka	noun	hbs	žalostinka	noun	slv
urna	noun	hbs	žara	noun	slv
žbica	noun	hbs	žbica	noun	slv
željezara	noun	hbs	železarna	noun	slv
željeznica	noun	hbs	železnica	noun	slv
kornjača	noun	hbs	želva	noun	slv
žeravica	noun	hbs	žerjavica	noun	slv
žila	noun	hbs	žila	noun	slv
žilica	noun	hbs	žilica	noun	slv
madrac	noun	hbs	žimnica	noun	slv
žiri	noun	hbs	žirija	noun	slv
žitarica	noun	hbs	žitarica	noun	slv
žlijezda	noun	hbs	žleza	noun	slv
žlica	noun	hbs	žlica	noun	slv
lopta	noun	hbs	žoga	noun	slv
akrobacija	noun	hbs	akrobatika	noun	slv
alkemija	noun	hbs	alkimija	noun	slv
berba	noun	hbs	bera	noun	slv
bura	noun	hbs	burja	noun	slv
iznutrica	noun	hbs	drobovina	noun	slv
elektrika	noun	hbs	elektrika	noun	slv
početnica	noun	hbs	abecednik	noun	slv
rječnik	noun	hbs	besednjak	noun	slv
bljesak	noun	hbs	blesk	noun	slv
sjaj	noun	hbs	blesk	noun	slv
munja	noun	hbs	blisk	noun	slv
labirint	noun	hbs	blodnjak	noun	slv
blok	noun	hbs	blok	noun	slv
zgrada	noun	hbs	blok	noun	slv
bok	noun	hbs	bok	noun	slv
bombarder	noun	hbs	bombnik	noun	slv
brk	noun	hbs	brk	noun	slv
cjenik	noun	hbs	cenik	noun	slv
valjušak	noun	hbs	cmok	noun	slv
časopis	noun	hbs	časnik	noun	slv
četverokut	noun	hbs	četverokotnik	noun	slv
opušak	noun	hbs	čik	noun	slv
tintarnica	noun	hbs	črnilnik	noun	slv
čimbenik	noun	hbs	dejavnik	noun	slv
radni dan	noun	hbs	delavnik	noun	slv
sudionik	noun	hbs	deležnik	noun	slv
radni dan	noun	hbs	delovnik	noun	slv
kišobran	noun	hbs	dežnik	noun	slv
dimnjak	noun	hbs	dimnik	noun	slv
disk	noun	hbs	disk	noun	slv
dnevnik	noun	hbs	dnevnik	noun	slv
dodir	noun	hbs	dotik	noun	slv
doticaj	noun	hbs	dotik	noun	slv
dotok	noun	hbs	dotok	noun	slv
drek	noun	hbs	drek	noun	slv
frak	noun	hbs	frak	noun	slv
češalj	noun	hbs	glavnik	noun	slv
gorionik	noun	hbs	gorilnik	noun	slv
hladnjak	noun	hbs	hladilnik	noun	slv
hodnik	noun	hbs	hodnik	noun	slv
kasica	noun	hbs	hranilnik	noun	slv
bujica	noun	hbs	hudournik	noun	slv
izreka	noun	hbs	izrek	noun	slv
izvornik	noun	hbs	izvirnik	noun	slv
jajnik	noun	hbs	jajčnik	noun	slv
jelovnik	noun	hbs	jedilnik	noun	slv
šešir	noun	hbs	klobuk	noun	slv
klobuk	noun	hbs	klobuk	noun	slv
kuk	noun	hbs	kolk	noun	slv
kutomjer	noun	hbs	kotnik	noun	slv
krik	noun	hbs	krik	noun	slv
tanjur	noun	hbs	krožnik	noun	slv
krvnik	noun	hbs	krvnik	noun	slv
kokošinjac	noun	hbs	kurnik	noun	slv
lješnjak	noun	hbs	lešnik	noun	slv
godište	noun	hbs	letnik	noun	slv
godina	noun	hbs	letnik	noun	slv
šezdesetogodišnjak	noun	hbs	šestdesetletnik	noun	slv
četrdesetogodišnjak	noun	hbs	štiridesetletnik	noun	slv
lijevak	noun	hbs	lijak	noun	slv
luk	noun	hbs	lok	noun	slv
moćnik	noun	hbs	močnik	noun	slv
molitvenik	noun	hbs	molitvenik	noun	slv
muk	noun	hbs	molk	noun	slv
sumrak	noun	hbs	mrak	noun	slv
nadgrobni spomenik	noun	hbs	nagrobnik	noun	slv
naprtnjača	noun	hbs	nahrbtnik	noun	slv
ranac	noun	hbs	nahrbtnik	noun	slv
nasrtaj	noun	hbs	naskok	noun	slv
nauk	noun	hbs	nauk	noun	slv
pouka	noun	hbs	nauk	noun	slv
neboder	noun	hbs	nebotičnik	noun	slv
neolitik	noun	hbs	neolitik	noun	slv
novogovor	noun	hbs	novorek	noun	slv
svod	noun	hbs	obok	noun	slv
uteg	noun	hbs	obtežilnik	noun	slv
odašiljač	noun	hbs	oddajnik	noun	slv
dobavljač	noun	hbs	dobavitelj	noun	slv
naredba	noun	hbs	odlok	noun	slv
dekret	noun	hbs	odlok	noun	slv
paket	noun	hbs	sveženj	noun	slv
paket	noun	hbs	paket	noun	slv
odmak	noun	hbs	odmik	noun	slv
odsječak	noun	hbs	odsek	noun	slv
otjecanje	noun	hbs	odtok	noun	slv
potporanj	noun	hbs	opornik	noun	slv
ovratnik	noun	hbs	ovratnik	noun	slv
rajčica	noun	hbs	paradižnik	noun	slv
parobrod	noun	hbs	parnik	noun	slv
pašnjak	noun	hbs	pašnik	noun	slv
pendrek	noun	hbs	pendrek	noun	slv
puhalica	noun	hbs	pihalnik	noun	slv
ubod	noun	hbs	pik	noun	slv
uvod	noun	hbs	uvod	noun	slv
pisak	noun	hbs	pisk	noun	slv
pljusak	noun	hbs	pljusk	noun	slv
podočnjak	noun	hbs	podočnik	noun	slv
poduka	noun	hbs	poduk	noun	slv
prasak	noun	hbs	pok	noun	slv
pukovnija	noun	hbs	polk	noun	slv
polumrak	noun	hbs	polmrak	noun	slv
pomak	noun	hbs	pomik	noun	slv
pomisao	noun	hbs	pomislek	noun	slv
obzir	noun	hbs	pomislek	noun	slv
obzirnost	noun	hbs	pomislek	noun	slv
posjecanje	noun	hbs	posek	noun	slv
poskok	noun	hbs	poskok	noun	slv
poslovnik	noun	hbs	poslovnik	noun	slv
slijed	noun	hbs	potek	noun	slv
tijek	noun	hbs	potek	noun	slv
nastava	noun	hbs	pouk	noun	slv
ogrtač	noun	hbs	površnik	noun	slv
pravilnik	noun	hbs	pravilnik	noun	slv
pravokutnik	noun	hbs	pravokotnik	noun	slv
praznik	noun	hbs	praznik	noun	slv
bljesak	noun	hbs	preblisk	noun	slv
pregača	noun	hbs	predpasnik	noun	slv
otirač	noun	hbs	predpražnik	noun	slv
predznak	noun	hbs	predznak	noun	slv
odsjek	noun	hbs	oddelek	noun	slv
prosjek	noun	hbs	povprečje	noun	slv
premišljanje	noun	hbs	premislek	noun	slv
ugljenokop	noun	hbs	premogovnik	noun	slv
presjek	noun	hbs	presek	noun	slv
pretek	noun	hbs	pretek	noun	slv
istek	noun	hbs	iztek	noun	slv
pretakanje	noun	hbs	pretok	noun	slv
pridjev	noun	hbs	pridevnik	noun	slv
futur	noun	hbs	prihodnjik	noun	slv
papir	noun	hbs	papir	noun	slv
pesticid	noun	hbs	pesticid	noun	slv
priručnik	noun	hbs	priročnik	noun	slv
pritisak	noun	hbs	pritisk	noun	slv
tlak	noun	hbs	pritisk	noun	slv
prizvuk	noun	hbs	prizvok	noun	slv
prtljažnik	noun	hbs	prtljažnik	noun	slv
polutnik	noun	hbs	ravnik	noun	slv
raskorak	noun	hbs	razkorak	noun	slv
razmišljanje	noun	hbs	razmislek	noun	slv
rasprsnuće	noun	hbs	razpok	noun	slv
rijek	noun	hbs	rek	noun	slv
rudnik	noun	hbs	rudnik	noun	slv
radnik	noun	hbs	delavec	noun	slv
imenica	noun	hbs	samostalnik	noun	slv
slavoluk	noun	hbs	slavolok	noun	slv
barut	noun	hbs	smodnik	noun	slv
srebrnjak	noun	hbs	srebrnik	noun	slv
dodir	noun	hbs	stik	noun	slv
doticaj	noun	hbs	stik	noun	slv
stisak	noun	hbs	stisk	noun	slv
mahuna	noun	hbs	strok	noun	slv
troškovnik	noun	hbs	stroškovnik	noun	slv
svijećnjak	noun	hbs	svečnik	noun	slv
svjetionik	noun	hbs	svetilnik	noun	slv
olovka	noun	hbs	svinčnik	noun	slv
svinjak	noun	hbs	svinjak	noun	slv
štednjak	noun	hbs	štedilnik	noun	slv
tenk	noun	hbs	tank	noun	slv
tjednik	noun	hbs	tednik	noun	slv
šija	noun	hbs	tilnik	noun	slv
hiljadarka	noun	hbs	tisočak	noun	slv
livada	noun	hbs	travnik	noun	slv
travnjak	noun	hbs	travnik	noun	slv
prasak	noun	hbs	tresk	noun	slv
sudar	noun	hbs	trk	noun	slv
umivaonik	noun	hbs	umivalnik	noun	slv
urok	noun	hbs	urok	noun	slv
usnik	noun	hbs	ustnik	noun	slv
vinjak	noun	hbs	vinjak	noun	slv
bunar	noun	hbs	vodnjak	noun	slv
vrisak	noun	hbs	vrisk	noun	slv
vrisak	noun	hbs	vrišč	noun	slv
običan dan	noun	hbs	vsakdanjik	noun	slv
usklik	noun	hbs	vzklik	noun	slv
iznicanje	noun	hbs	vznik	noun	slv
uzrok	noun	hbs	vzrok	noun	slv
upaljač	noun	hbs	vžigalnik	noun	slv
doručak	noun	hbs	zajtrk	noun	slv
zapisnik	noun	hbs	zapisnik	noun	slv
okret	noun	hbs	zasuk	noun	slv
okret	noun	hbs	obrat	noun	slv
cigla	noun	hbs	zidak	noun	slv
zvjerinjak	noun	hbs	zverinjak	noun	slv
zvonik	noun	hbs	zvonik	noun	slv
jetra	noun	hbs	žolčnik	noun	slv
plač	noun	hbs	jok	noun	slv
četvrt	noun	hbs	četrt	noun	slv
podrum	noun	hbs	klet	noun	slv
obrt	noun	hbs	obrt	noun	slv
stupica	noun	hbs	past	noun	slv
zamka	noun	hbs	past	noun	slv
klopka	noun	hbs	past	noun	slv
šaka	noun	hbs	pest	noun	slv
pesnica	noun	hbs	pest	noun	slv
pest	noun	hbs	pest	noun	slv
pješačka staza	noun	hbs	pešpot	noun	slv
sloj	noun	hbs	plast	noun	slv
naslaga	noun	hbs	plast	noun	slv
strana	noun	hbs	plat	noun	slv
raslinje	noun	hbs	podrast	noun	slv
smeće	noun	hbs	smet	noun	slv
izuzeće	noun	hbs	izvzetje	noun	slv
vijest	noun	hbs	vest	noun	slv
kategorija	noun	hbs	zvrst	noun	slv
vrsta	noun	hbs	zvrst	noun	slv
guska	noun	hbs	gos	noun	slv
smjesa	noun	hbs	zmes	noun	slv
drozak	noun	hbs	drozg	noun	slv
kinolog	noun	hbs	kinolog	noun	slv
neurokirurg	noun	hbs	nevrokirurg	noun	slv
neurolog	noun	hbs	nevrolog	noun	slv
reumatolog	noun	hbs	revmatolog	noun	slv
suprug	noun	hbs	soprog	noun	slv
atelje	noun	hbs	atelje	noun	slv
komiteta	noun	hbs	komite	noun	slv
breme	noun	hbs	breme	noun	slv
sljeme	noun	hbs	sleme	noun	slv
pilac	noun	hbs	pivec	noun	slv
cinizam	noun	hbs	cinizem	noun	slv
despotizam	noun	hbs	despotizem	noun	slv
eufemizam	noun	hbs	evfemizem	noun	slv
fanatizam	noun	hbs	fanatizem	noun	slv
fatalizam	noun	hbs	fatalizem	noun	slv
individualizam	noun	hbs	individualizem	noun	slv
katekizam	noun	hbs	katekizem	noun	slv
kolektivizam	noun	hbs	kolektivizem	noun	slv
konformizam	noun	hbs	konformizem	noun	slv
klupko	noun	hbs	kosem	noun	slv
misticizam	noun	hbs	misticizem	noun	slv
nacionalizam	noun	hbs	nacionalizem	noun	slv
organizam	noun	hbs	organizem	noun	slv
orgazam	noun	hbs	orgazem	noun	slv
patriotizam	noun	hbs	patriotizem	noun	slv
pojam	noun	hbs	pojem	noun	slv
ritam	noun	hbs	ritem	noun	slv
sajam	noun	hbs	sejem	noun	slv
skepticizam	noun	hbs	skepticizem	noun	slv
socijalizam	noun	hbs	socializem	noun	slv
šovinizam	noun	hbs	šovinizem	noun	slv
tradicionalizam	noun	hbs	tradicionalizem	noun	slv
alkoholizam	noun	hbs	alkoholizem	noun	slv
antisemitizam	noun	hbs	antisemitizem	noun	slv
egoizam	noun	hbs	egoizem	noun	slv
humanizam	noun	hbs	humanizem	noun	slv
kapitalizam	noun	hbs	kapitalizem	noun	slv
komunizam	noun	hbs	komunizem	noun	slv
liberalizam	noun	hbs	liberalizem	noun	slv
nacizam	noun	hbs	nacizem	noun	slv
optimizam	noun	hbs	optimizem	noun	slv
racionalizam	noun	hbs	racionalizem	noun	slv
rasizam	noun	hbs	rasizem	noun	slv
solipsizam	noun	hbs	solipsizem	noun	slv
turizam	noun	hbs	turizem	noun	slv
mađar	noun	hbs	madžar	noun	slv
ponor	noun	hbs	brezno	noun	slv
bezdan	noun	hbs	brezno	noun	slv
provalija	noun	hbs	brezno	noun	slv
stegno	noun	hbs	stegno	noun	slv
bedro	noun	hbs	stegno	noun	slv
usna	noun	hbs	ustna	noun	slv
starješina	noun	hbs	starešina	noun	slv
greda	noun	hbs	tram	noun	slv
porculan	noun	hbs	porcelan	noun	slv
porcelan	noun	hbs	porcelan	noun	slv
uzgon	noun	hbs	vzgon	noun	slv
bon	noun	hbs	bon	noun	slv
cepin	noun	hbs	cepin	noun	slv
čin	noun	hbs	čin	noun	slv
članak	noun	hbs	člen	noun	slv
čamac	noun	hbs	čoln	noun	slv
lađarenje	noun	hbs	čolnarjenje	noun	slv
crnac	noun	hbs	črnec	noun	slv
Crnogorac	noun	hbs	Črnogorec	noun	slv
crnoburzijanac	noun	hbs	črnoborzijanec	noun	slv
pesimizam	noun	hbs	črnogledost	noun	slv
ekran	noun	hbs	ekran	noun	slv
crijevo	noun	hbs	črevo	noun	slv
gramofon	noun	hbs	gramofon	noun	slv
remen	noun	hbs	jermen	noun	slv
kombinezon	noun	hbs	kombinezon	noun	slv
korijen	noun	hbs	koren	noun	slv
nagon	noun	hbs	nagon	noun	slv
nagib	noun	hbs	naklon	noun	slv
kosina	noun	hbs	naklon	noun	slv
naslon	noun	hbs	naslon	noun	slv
neuron	noun	hbs	nevron	noun	slv
obračun	noun	hbs	obračun	noun	slv
račun	noun	hbs	račun	noun	slv
otklon	noun	hbs	odklon	noun	slv
opomena	noun	hbs	opomin	noun	slv
organ	noun	hbs	organ	noun	slv
plijen	noun	hbs	plen	noun	slv
prizvuk	noun	hbs	podton	noun	slv
pomor	noun	hbs	pogin	noun	slv
pogon	noun	hbs	pogon	noun	slv
poklon	noun	hbs	poklon	noun	slv
pramen	noun	hbs	pramen	noun	slv
volumen	noun	hbs	prostornina	noun	slv
naklon	noun	hbs	priklon	noun	slv
pristan	noun	hbs	pristan	noun	slv
proračun	noun	hbs	proračun	noun	slv
prsten	noun	hbs	prstan	noun	slv
raspon	noun	hbs	razpon	noun	slv
raspon	noun	hbs	razsežnost	noun	slv
salon	noun	hbs	salon	noun	slv
talisman	noun	hbs	talisman	noun	slv
termin	noun	hbs	termin	noun	slv
vir	noun	hbs	tolmun	noun	slv
ton	noun	hbs	ton	noun	slv
svagdan	noun	hbs	vsakdan	noun	slv
uspon	noun	hbs	vzpon	noun	slv
zalet	noun	hbs	zagon	noun	slv
zaton	noun	hbs	zaton	noun	slv
zvon	noun	hbs	zven	noun	slv
šafran	noun	hbs	žafran	noun	slv
bojazan	noun	hbs	bojazen	noun	slv
gamad	noun	hbs	golazen	noun	slv
ljubav	noun	hbs	ljubezen	noun	slv
plijesan	noun	hbs	plesen	noun	slv
prikaza	noun	hbs	prikazen	noun	slv
razina	noun	hbs	raven	noun	slv
nivo	noun	hbs	nivo	noun	slv
tjesnac	noun	hbs	tesen	noun	slv
brv	noun	hbs	brv	noun	slv
cijev	noun	hbs	cev	noun	slv
obrva	noun	hbs	obrv	noun	slv
tvar	noun	hbs	snov	noun	slv
mladić	noun	hbs	fant	noun	slv
kokoš	noun	hbs	kokoš	noun	slv
svjetlo	noun	hbs	luč	noun	slv
nemoć	noun	hbs	nemoč	noun	slv
peć	noun	hbs	peč	noun	slv
premoć	noun	hbs	premoč	noun	slv
stvar	noun	hbs	reč	noun	slv
kolac	noun	hbs	kol	noun	slv
pajdaš	noun	hbs	pajdaš	noun	slv
pristaša	noun	hbs	pristaš	noun	slv
drug	noun	hbs	tovariš	noun	slv
ustaša	noun	hbs	ustaš	noun	slv
velikaš	noun	hbs	velikaš	noun	slv
vuk	noun	hbs	volk	noun	slv
olovo	noun	hbs	svinec	noun	slv
brevijar	noun	hbs	brevir	noun	slv
honorar	noun	hbs	honorar	noun	slv
inventar	noun	hbs	inventar	noun	slv
karakter	noun	hbs	karakter	noun	slv
kalendar	noun	hbs	koledar	noun	slv
komentar	noun	hbs	komentar	noun	slv
krumpir	noun	hbs	krompir	noun	slv
reket	noun	hbs	lopar	noun	slv
mjehur	noun	hbs	mehur	noun	slv
šećer	noun	hbs	sladkor	noun	slv
rječnik	noun	hbs	slovar	noun	slv
televizor	noun	hbs	televizor	noun	slv
valjak	noun	hbs	valjar	noun	slv
versifikator	noun	hbs	verzifikator	noun	slv
vihor	noun	hbs	vihar	noun	slv
kuli	noun	hbs	kuli	noun	slv
kuli	noun	hbs	kuli	noun	slv
anđelčić	noun	hbs	angelc	noun	slv
dobronamjernik	noun	hbs	dobromislec	noun	slv
jahač	noun	hbs	jezdec	noun	slv
mislilac	noun	hbs	mislec	noun	slv
mrtvac	noun	hbs	mrtvec	noun	slv
stric	noun	hbs	stric	noun	slv
čar	noun	hbs	čar	noun	slv
čir	noun	hbs	čir	noun	slv
dogovor	noun	hbs	dogovor	noun	slv
dur	noun	hbs	dur	noun	slv
dvor	noun	hbs	dvor	noun	slv
izvor	noun	hbs	izvir	noun	slv
jarbol	noun	hbs	jambor	noun	slv
nagovor	noun	hbs	nagovor	noun	slv
nazor	noun	hbs	nazor	noun	slv
odmor	noun	hbs	odmor	noun	slv
napor	noun	hbs	prizadevanje	noun	slv
napor	noun	hbs	napor	noun	slv
obzir	noun	hbs	ozir	noun	slv
ponor	noun	hbs	ponor	noun	slv
poriluk	noun	hbs	por	noun	slv
zastava	noun	hbs	prapor	noun	slv
poslovica	noun	hbs	pregovor	noun	slv
predah	noun	hbs	premor	noun	slv
prepirka	noun	hbs	prepir	noun	slv
pritvor	noun	hbs	pripor	noun	slv
prodor	noun	hbs	prodor	noun	slv
spor	noun	hbs	spor	noun	slv
šator	noun	hbs	šotor	noun	slv
panj	noun	hbs	štor	noun	slv
logor	noun	hbs	tabor	noun	slv
kolosijek	noun	hbs	tir	noun	slv
tvorevina	noun	hbs	tvor	noun	slv
udar	noun	hbs	udar	noun	slv
prigovor	noun	hbs	ugovor	noun	slv
pobuna	noun	hbs	upor	noun	slv
buna	noun	hbs	upor	noun	slv
provala	noun	hbs	vdor	noun	slv
večer	noun	hbs	večer	noun	slv
večer	noun	hbs	večer	noun	slv
večer	noun	hbs	večer	noun	slv
uzor	noun	hbs	vzor	noun	slv
pogovor	noun	hbs	zagovor	noun	slv
zatvor	noun	hbs	zapor	noun	slv
zbor	noun	hbs	zbor	noun	slv
sabor	noun	hbs	zbor	noun	slv
jelo	noun	hbs	jed	noun	slv
student	noun	hbs	študent	noun	slv
studentica	noun	hbs	študent	noun	slv
alkoholičar	noun	hbs	alkoholik	noun	slv
analitičar	noun	hbs	analitik	noun	slv
astmatičar	noun	hbs	astmatik	noun	slv
budala	noun	hbs	bedak	noun	slv
bedak	noun	hbs	bedak	noun	slv
bik	noun	hbs	bik	noun	slv
ratnik	noun	hbs	bojevnik	noun	slv
carinik	noun	hbs	carinik	noun	slv
čarobnjak	noun	hbs	čarovnik	noun	slv
četnik	noun	hbs	četnik	noun	slv
čudak	noun	hbs	čudak	noun	slv
učenik	noun	hbs	dijak	noun	slv
učesnik	noun	hbs	udeleženec	noun	slv
trošak	noun	hbs	strošek	noun	slv
trošak	noun	hbs	izdatek	noun	slv
trošak	noun	hbs	odhodek	noun	slv
rezime	noun	hbs	povzetek	noun	slv
uređaj	noun	hbs	stroj	noun	slv
divljak	noun	hbs	divjak	noun	slv
dobitnik	noun	hbs	dobitnik	noun	slv
dužnik	noun	hbs	dolžnik	noun	slv
elektroničar	noun	hbs	elektronik	noun	slv
fizičar	noun	hbs	fizik	noun	slv
genetičar	noun	hbs	genetik	noun	slv
glazbenik	noun	hbs	glasbenik	noun	slv
vinogradar	noun	hbs	gornik	noun	slv
gospodarstvenik	noun	hbs	gospodarstvenik	noun	slv
posjednik	noun	hbs	imetnik	noun	slv
izletnik	noun	hbs	izletnik	noun	slv
zatvorenik	noun	hbs	jetnik	noun	slv
kanonik	noun	hbs	kanonik	noun	slv
katolik	noun	hbs	katolik	noun	slv
kemičar	noun	hbs	kemik	noun	slv
keramika	noun	hbs	keramik	noun	slv
umjetnik	noun	hbs	kulturnik	noun	slv
laik	noun	hbs	laik	noun	slv
vlasnik	noun	hbs	lastnik	noun	slv
lisjak	noun	hbs	lisjak	noun	slv
logičar	noun	hbs	logik	noun	slv
matematičar	noun	hbs	matematik	noun	slv
mehaničar	noun	hbs	mehanik	noun	slv
metafizičar	noun	hbs	metafizik	noun	slv
mistik	noun	hbs	mistik	noun	slv
maloljetnik	noun	hbs	mladoletnik	noun	slv
muškarac	noun	hbs	možak	noun	slv
mrtvac	noun	hbs	mrtvak	noun	slv
načelnik	noun	hbs	načelnik	noun	slv
narednik	noun	hbs	narednik	noun	slv
pretplatnik	noun	hbs	naročnik	noun	slv
nasljednik	noun	hbs	naslednik	noun	slv
nećak	noun	hbs	nečak	noun	slv
vlastodržac	noun	hbs	oblastnik	noun	slv
obrtnik	noun	hbs	obrtnik	noun	slv
zanatlija	noun	hbs	obrtnik	noun	slv
otpadnik	noun	hbs	odpadnik	noun	slv
spasitelj	noun	hbs	odrešenik	noun	slv
odvjetnik	noun	hbs	odvetnik	noun	slv
kostur	noun	hbs	okostnjak	noun	slv
orijaš	noun	hbs	orjak	noun	slv
čuvar	noun	hbs	oskrbnik	noun	slv
pjesnik	noun	hbs	pesnik	noun	slv
obveznik	noun	hbs	plačnik	noun	slv
porezni obveznik	noun	hbs	davkoplačevalec	noun	slv
podanik	noun	hbs	podanik	noun	slv
poduzetnik	noun	hbs	podjetnik	noun	slv
potpredsjednik	noun	hbs	podpredsednik	noun	slv
pogrebnik	noun	hbs	pogrebnik	noun	slv
planinar	noun	hbs	pohodnik	noun	slv
pokojnik	noun	hbs	pokojnik	noun	slv
pukovnik	noun	hbs	polkovnik	noun	slv
pomoćnik	noun	hbs	pomočnik	noun	slv
pomorac	noun	hbs	pomorščak	noun	slv
putnik	noun	hbs	popotnik	noun	slv
poručnik	noun	hbs	poročnik	noun	slv
jamac	noun	hbs	porok	noun	slv
posjednik	noun	hbs	posestnik	noun	slv
poštenjak	noun	hbs	poštenjak	noun	slv
putnik	noun	hbs	potnik	noun	slv
zapovjednik	noun	hbs	poveljnik	noun	slv
praktičar	noun	hbs	praktik	noun	slv
stjegonoša	noun	hbs	praporščak	noun	slv
pravnik	noun	hbs	pravnik	noun	slv
predak	noun	hbs	prednik	noun	slv
prorok	noun	hbs	prerok	noun	slv
prijestupnik	noun	hbs	prestopnik	noun	slv
preljubnik	noun	hbs	prešuštnik	noun	slv
pobočnik	noun	hbs	pribočnik	noun	slv
pripadnik	noun	hbs	pripadnik	noun	slv
ulizica	noun	hbs	prisklednik	noun	slv
pridošlica	noun	hbs	prišlek	noun	slv
ranarnik	noun	hbs	ranocelnik	noun	slv
razumnik	noun	hbs	razumnik	noun	slv
redovnik	noun	hbs	redovnik	noun	slv
rimokatolik	noun	hbs	rimokatolik	noun	slv
rođak	noun	hbs	rojak	noun	slv
zemljak	noun	hbs	rojak	noun	slv
sljednik	noun	hbs	slednik	noun	slv
službenik	noun	hbs	služabnik	noun	slv
sudac	noun	hbs	sodnik	noun	slv
sugovornik	noun	hbs	sogovornik	noun	slv
imenjak	noun	hbs	soimenjak	noun	slv
sumišljenik	noun	hbs	somišljenik	noun	slv
suputnik	noun	hbs	sopotnik	noun	slv
neprijatelj	noun	hbs	sovražnik	noun	slv
nakaza	noun	hbs	spak	noun	slv
graditelj	noun	hbs	stavbenik	noun	slv
pozornik	noun	hbs	stražnik	noun	slv
stručnjak	noun	hbs	strokovnjak	noun	slv
tvorac	noun	hbs	stvarnik	noun	slv
svećenik	noun	hbs	svečenik	noun	slv
vijećnik	noun	hbs	svetnik	noun	slv
svetac	noun	hbs	svetnik	noun	slv
slobodnjak	noun	hbs	svobodnjak	noun	slv
učenjak	noun	hbs	šolnik	noun	slv
sportaš	noun	hbs	športnik	noun	slv
izviđač	noun	hbs	tabornik	noun	slv
ponuđač	noun	hbs	ponudnik	noun	slv
proizvođač	noun	hbs	proizvajalec	noun	slv
izvođač	noun	hbs	izvajalec	noun	slv
tehničar	noun	hbs	tehnik	noun	slv
tragičar	noun	hbs	tragik	noun	slv
bjegunac	noun	hbs	ubežnik	noun	slv
zarobljenik	noun	hbs	ujetnik	noun	slv
umjetnik	noun	hbs	umetnik	noun	slv
buntovnik	noun	hbs	upornik	noun	slv
pobunjenik	noun	hbs	upornik	noun	slv
upravitelj	noun	hbs	upravnik	noun	slv
upravitelj	noun	hbs	upravljavec	noun	slv
veleposjednik	noun	hbs	veleposestnik	noun	slv
gospodin	noun	hbs	veljak	noun	slv
vjernik	noun	hbs	vernik	noun	slv
veseljak	noun	hbs	veseljak	noun	slv
vinogradar	noun	hbs	vinogradnik	noun	slv
unuk	noun	hbs	vnuk	noun	slv
vojak	noun	hbs	vojščak	noun	slv
vukodlak	noun	hbs	volkodlak	noun	slv
vršnjak	noun	hbs	vrstnik	noun	slv
početnik	noun	hbs	začetnik	noun	slv
zadrugar	noun	hbs	zadružnik	noun	slv
zagovornik	noun	hbs	zagovornik	noun	slv
izdavač	noun	hbs	založnik	noun	slv
kasnitelj	noun	hbs	zamudnik	noun	slv
zanesenjak	noun	hbs	zanesenjak	noun	slv
zatvorenik	noun	hbs	zapornik	noun	slv
urotnik	noun	hbs	zarotnik	noun	slv
privatnik	noun	hbs	zasebnik	noun	slv
zastupnik	noun	hbs	zastopnik	noun	slv
zastupnik	noun	hbs	poslanec	noun	slv
zaštitnik	noun	hbs	zaščitnik	noun	slv
povjerenik	noun	hbs	zaupnik	noun	slv
saveznik	noun	hbs	zaveznik	noun	slv
liječnik	noun	hbs	zdravnik	noun	slv
zvijezda	noun	hbs	zvezdnik	noun	slv
župnik	noun	hbs	župnik	noun	slv
kuma	noun	hbs	botra	noun	slv
šifra	noun	hbs	šifra	noun	slv
bura	noun	hbs	vihra	noun	slv
poziv	noun	hbs	klic	noun	slv
zov	noun	hbs	klic	noun	slv
zvanje	noun	hbs	poklic	noun	slv
upadanje	noun	hbs	poseganje	noun	slv
opoziv	noun	hbs	preklic	noun	slv
vjetrić	noun	hbs	vetrc	noun	slv
blagodat	noun	hbs	blagor	noun	slv
lozinka	noun	hbs	geslo	noun	slv
leglo	noun	hbs	leglo	noun	slv
podrijetlo	noun	hbs	poreklo	noun	slv
podrijetlo	noun	hbs	izvor	noun	slv
izvor	noun	hbs	izvor	noun	slv
porijeklo	noun	hbs	poreklo	noun	slv
izreka	noun	hbs	reklo	noun	slv
staklo	noun	hbs	steklo	noun	slv
truplo	noun	hbs	truplo	noun	slv
očna jabučica	noun	hbs	zrklo	noun	slv
plato	noun	hbs	plato	noun	slv
breskva	noun	hbs	breskev	noun	slv
britva	noun	hbs	britev	noun	slv
dodjela	noun	hbs	dodelitev	noun	slv
dodjela	noun	hbs	podelitev	noun	slv
bukva	noun	hbs	bukev	noun	slv
dopuna	noun	hbs	dopolnitev	noun	slv
gradnja	noun	hbs	graditev	noun	slv
izlaganje	noun	hbs	izpostavitev	noun	slv
izvršenje	noun	hbs	izvršitev	noun	slv
iskrivljenje	noun	hbs	izkrivljanje	noun	slv
kletva	noun	hbs	kletev	noun	slv
krvarenje	noun	hbs	krvavitev	noun	slv
ljestve	noun	hbs	lestev	noun	slv
molitva	noun	hbs	molitev	noun	slv
sađenje	noun	hbs	nasaditev	noun	slv
naseljavanje	noun	hbs	naselitev	noun	slv
noćenje	noun	hbs	nočitev	noun	slv
obnavljanje	noun	hbs	obnovitev	noun	slv
opterećenje	noun	hbs	obremenitev	noun	slv
obuća	noun	hbs	obutev	noun	slv
odcijepljenje	noun	hbs	odcepitev	noun	slv
spasenje	noun	hbs	odrešitev	noun	slv
očuvanje	noun	hbs	ohranitev	noun	slv
oplodnja	noun	hbs	oploditev	noun	slv
definicija	noun	hbs	opredelitev	noun	slv
oproštenje	noun	hbs	oprostitev	noun	slv
osamostaljenje	noun	hbs	osamosvojitev	noun	slv
oslabljenje	noun	hbs	oslabitev	noun	slv
osvježenje	noun	hbs	osvežitev	noun	slv
osvojenje	noun	hbs	osvojitev	noun	slv
otvorenje	noun	hbs	otvoritev	noun	slv
označavanje	noun	hbs	označitev	noun	slv
objava	noun	hbs	oznanitev	noun	slv
ploha	noun	hbs	ploskev	noun	slv
čast	noun	hbs	počastitev	noun	slv
potkrepa	noun	hbs	podkrepitev	noun	slv
tava	noun	hbs	ponev	noun	slv
ponavljanje	noun	hbs	ponovitev	noun	slv
postavljanje	noun	hbs	postavitev	noun	slv
uzrok	noun	hbs	povzročitev	noun	slv
priredba	noun	hbs	prireditev	noun	slv
doseljenje	noun	hbs	priselitev	noun	slv
pristanak	noun	hbs	privolitev	noun	slv
proglašenje	noun	hbs	proglasitev	noun	slv
rascjepljenje	noun	hbs	razcepitev	noun	slv
raščlamba	noun	hbs	razčlenitev	noun	slv
razdioba	noun	hbs	razdelitev	noun	slv
razrješenje	noun	hbs	razrešitev	noun	slv
proširenje	noun	hbs	razširitev	noun	slv
rješenje	noun	hbs	rešitev	noun	slv
sklanjanje	noun	hbs	sklanjatev	noun	slv
zaključak	noun	hbs	sklenitev	noun	slv
obraćenje	noun	hbs	spreobrnitev	noun	slv
ćud	noun	hbs	čud	noun	slv
crtanje	noun	hbs	črtanje	noun	slv
čuđenje	noun	hbs	čudenje	noun	slv
putenost	noun	hbs	čutnost	noun	slv
čuvar	noun	hbs	čuvar	noun	slv
čudo	noun	hbs	čudo	noun	slv
pokretanje	noun	hbs	sprožitev	noun	slv
ostvarenje	noun	hbs	stvaritev	noun	slv
ostvarenje	noun	hbs	izpolnitev	noun	slv
tvrdnja	noun	hbs	trditev	noun	slv
berba	noun	hbs	trgatev	noun	slv
utvrđenje	noun	hbs	ugotovitev	noun	slv
obustava	noun	hbs	ukinitev	noun	slv
ukinuće	noun	hbs	ukinitev	noun	slv
dostignuće	noun	hbs	dosežek	noun	slv
ukidanje	noun	hbs	ukinitev	noun	slv
umirivanje	noun	hbs	umiritev	noun	slv
uređenje	noun	hbs	ureditev	noun	slv
ostvarenje	noun	hbs	uresničitev	noun	slv
usmjerenje	noun	hbs	usmeritev	noun	slv
letenje	noun	hbs	letenje	noun	slv
mjerenje	noun	hbs	merjenje	noun	slv
mjerenje	noun	hbs	meritev	noun	slv
ustrjeljenje	noun	hbs	ustrelitev	noun	slv
utapanje	noun	hbs	utopitev	noun	slv
uvrštenje	noun	hbs	uvrstitev	noun	slv
implantacija	noun	hbs	vsaditev	noun	slv
useljenje	noun	hbs	vselitev	noun	slv
uspostavljanje	noun	hbs	vzpostavitev	noun	slv
ugušenje	noun	hbs	zadušitev	noun	slv
zakašnjenje	noun	hbs	zakasnitev	noun	slv
začepljenje	noun	hbs	zamašitev	noun	slv
zaposlenje	noun	hbs	zaposlitev	noun	slv
otrovanje	noun	hbs	zastrupitev	noun	slv
trovanje	noun	hbs	zastrupitev	noun	slv
zatajenje	noun	hbs	zatajitev	noun	slv
ženidba	noun	hbs	ženitev	noun	slv
dah	noun	hbs	dih	noun	slv
grijeh	noun	hbs	greh	noun	slv
erupcija	noun	hbs	izbruh	noun	slv
izbijanje	noun	hbs	izbruh	noun	slv
kalež	noun	hbs	kelih	noun	slv
nijansa	noun	hbs	nadih	noun	slv
ponos	noun	hbs	napuh	noun	slv
neuspjeh	noun	hbs	neuspeh	noun	slv
predah	noun	hbs	oddih	noun	slv
orah	noun	hbs	oreh	noun	slv
daska	noun	hbs	ploh	noun	slv
predah	noun	hbs	predah	noun	slv
propuh	noun	hbs	prepih	noun	slv
panika	noun	hbs	preplah	noun	slv
razmah	noun	hbs	razmah	noun	slv
srh	noun	hbs	srh	noun	slv
trbuh	noun	hbs	trebuh	noun	slv
uspjeh	noun	hbs	uspeh	noun	slv
dah	noun	hbs	vdih	noun	slv
uzdah	noun	hbs	vzdih	noun	slv
zasun	noun	hbs	zapah	noun	slv
ruglo	noun	hbs	zasmeh	noun	slv
grašak	noun	hbs	grah	noun	slv
podsmijeh	noun	hbs	posmeh	noun	slv
smijeh	noun	hbs	smeh	noun	slv
ribnjak	noun	hbs	kal	noun	slv
banda	noun	hbs	drhal	noun	slv
horda	noun	hbs	drhal	noun	slv
ološ	noun	hbs	drhal	noun	slv
pamuk	noun	hbs	bombaž	noun	slv
gulaš	noun	hbs	golaž	noun	slv
anis	noun	hbs	janež	noun	slv
riža	noun	hbs	riž	noun	slv
lajanje	noun	hbs	lajež	noun	slv
mrlja	noun	hbs	madež	noun	slv
mećava	noun	hbs	metež	noun	slv
metež	noun	hbs	metež	noun	slv
flaster	noun	hbs	obliž	noun	slv
oplata	noun	hbs	opaž	noun	slv
raj	noun	hbs	paradiž	noun	slv
čaj	noun	hbs	čaj	noun	slv
čajnik	noun	hbs	čajnik	noun	slv
bruto	noun	hbs	bruto	noun	slv
škripac	noun	hbs	primež	noun	slv
ovrha	noun	hbs	rubež	noun	slv
plod	noun	hbs	sadež	noun	slv
vreva	noun	hbs	vrvež	noun	slv
pista	noun	hbs	airstrip	noun	slv
čep	noun	hbs	čep	noun	slv
prilaz	noun	hbs	dostop	noun	slv
pristup	noun	hbs	dostop	noun	slv
trenutak	noun	hbs	hip	noun	slv
časak	noun	hbs	hip	noun	slv
horoskop	noun	hbs	horoskop	noun	slv
izlaz	noun	hbs	izstop	noun	slv
kaleidoskop	noun	hbs	kalejdoskop	noun	slv
kup	noun	hbs	kup	noun	slv
gomila	noun	hbs	kup	noun	slv
hrpa	noun	hbs	kup	noun	slv
naum	noun	hbs	naklep	noun	slv
nastup	noun	hbs	nastop	noun	slv
očaj	noun	hbs	obup	noun	slv
beznađe	noun	hbs	obup	noun	slv
oklop	noun	hbs	oklep	noun	slv
pohlepa	noun	hbs	pohlep	noun	slv
lakomost	noun	hbs	pohlep	noun	slv
potop	noun	hbs	potop	noun	slv
kanal	noun	hbs	prekop	noun	slv
prokop	noun	hbs	prekop	noun	slv
prijestup	noun	hbs	prestop	noun	slv
tučnjava	noun	hbs	pretep	noun	slv
princip	noun	hbs	princip	noun	slv
rascjep	noun	hbs	razcep	noun	slv
pljačka	noun	hbs	rop	noun	slv
zglob	noun	hbs	sklep	noun	slv
zaključak	noun	hbs	sklep	noun	slv
odluka	noun	hbs	sklep	noun	slv
sklop	noun	hbs	sklop	noun	slv
mlaz	noun	hbs	snop	noun	slv
toranj	noun	hbs	stolp	noun	slv
kula	noun	hbs	stolp	noun	slv
otrov	noun	hbs	strup	noun	slv
snop	noun	hbs	šop	noun	slv
top	noun	hbs	top	noun	slv
trop	noun	hbs	trop	noun	slv
mjera	noun	hbs	ukrep	noun	slv
nada	noun	hbs	up	noun	slv
nada	noun	hbs	upanje	noun	slv
bilo	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	utrip	noun	slv
puls	noun	hbs	utrip	noun	slv
ulaz	noun	hbs	vstop	noun	slv
ulaz	noun	hbs	vnos	noun	slv
džep	noun	hbs	žep	noun	slv
imendan	noun	hbs	god	noun	slv
pod	noun	hbs	pod	noun	slv
protestant	noun	hbs	protestant	noun	slv
čovječuljak	noun	hbs	možicelj	noun	slv
krvnik	noun	hbs	rabelj	noun	slv
baklja	noun	hbs	bakla	noun	slv
djevojka	noun	hbs	dekla	noun	slv
ništica	noun	hbs	ničla	noun	slv
kugla	noun	hbs	obla	noun	slv
polukugla	noun	hbs	polobla	noun	slv
tabla	noun	hbs	tabla	noun	slv
bob	noun	hbs	bob	noun	slv
pokret	noun	hbs	gib	noun	slv
kretnja	noun	hbs	gib	noun	slv
poljubac	noun	hbs	poljub	noun	slv
pregib	noun	hbs	pregib	noun	slv
naklon	noun	hbs	vzgib	noun	slv
badem	noun	hbs	mandelj	noun	slv
biskup	noun	hbs	škof	noun	slv
barbar	noun	hbs	barbar	noun	slv
stvor	noun	hbs	stvor	noun	slv
tur	noun	hbs	tur	noun	slv
maturant	noun	hbs	maturant	noun	slv
bubanj	noun	hbs	boben	noun	slv
ariš	noun	hbs	macesen	noun	slv
tjedan	noun	hbs	teden	noun	slv
češnjak	noun	hbs	česen	noun	slv
dečko	noun	hbs	dečko	noun	slv
konkurencija	noun	hbs	konkurenca	noun	slv
dizenterija	noun	hbs	griža	noun	slv
griža	noun	hbs	griža	noun	slv
gripa	noun	hbs	influenca	noun	slv
srdobolja	noun	hbs	griža	noun	slv
ilegala	noun	hbs	ilegala	noun	slv
kukuruz	noun	hbs	koruza	noun	slv
kuhanje	noun	hbs	kuha	noun	slv
nafta	noun	hbs	nafta	noun	slv
krama	noun	hbs	navlaka	noun	slv
nevjera	noun	hbs	nevera	noun	slv
publicitet	noun	hbs	publiciteta	noun	slv
vlaga	noun	hbs	vlaga	noun	slv
povrće	noun	hbs	zelenjava	noun	slv
zamisao	noun	hbs	zamisel	noun	slv
gospa	noun	hbs	gospa	noun	slv
strava	noun	hbs	groza	noun	slv
groza	noun	hbs	groza	noun	slv
jeza	noun	hbs	groza	noun	slv
dlan	noun	hbs	dlan	noun	slv
pripeka	noun	hbs	pripeka	noun	slv
psihijatrija	noun	hbs	psihiatrija	noun	slv
gospodin	noun	hbs	gospod	noun	slv
brana	noun	hbs	jez	noun	slv
dijapozitiv	noun	hbs	diapozitiv	noun	slv
gnjev	noun	hbs	gnev	noun	slv
kov	noun	hbs	kov	noun	slv
staja	noun	hbs	hlev	noun	slv
izljev	noun	hbs	izliv	noun	slv
izazov	noun	hbs	izziv	noun	slv
kolektiv	noun	hbs	kolektiv	noun	slv
paluba	noun	hbs	krov	noun	slv
krov	noun	hbs	krov	noun	slv
bujica	noun	hbs	naliv	noun	slv
napjev	noun	hbs	napev	noun	slv
naziv	noun	hbs	naziv	noun	slv
jeka	noun	hbs	odmev	noun	slv
odjek	noun	hbs	odmev	noun	slv
odguravanje	noun	hbs	odriv	noun	slv
odraz	noun	hbs	odsev	noun	slv
odbljesak	noun	hbs	odsev	noun	slv
odsjev	noun	hbs	odsev	noun	slv
odaziv	noun	hbs	odziv	noun	slv
odziv	noun	hbs	odziv	noun	slv
okov	noun	hbs	okov	noun	slv
pojava	noun	hbs	pojav	noun	slv
poklopac	noun	hbs	pokrov	noun	slv
pozdrav	noun	hbs	pozdrav	noun	slv
poziv	noun	hbs	poziv	noun	slv
preljev	noun	hbs	preliv	noun	slv
pripjev	noun	hbs	pripev	noun	slv
prilog	noun	hbs	prislov	noun	slv
priziv	noun	hbs	priziv	noun	slv
rukav	noun	hbs	rokav	noun	slv
rov	noun	hbs	rov	noun	slv
sastav	noun	hbs	sestav	noun	slv
zaljev	noun	hbs	zaliv	noun	slv
as	noun	hbs	as	noun	slv
poskok	noun	hbs	modras	noun	slv
umijeće	noun	hbs	znanje	noun	slv
kolo	noun	hbs	kolo	noun	slv
mržnja	noun	hbs	mržnja	noun	slv
tlapnja	noun	hbs	blodnja	noun	slv
buncanje	noun	hbs	blodnja	noun	slv
zabluda	noun	hbs	blodnja	noun	slv
gradnja	noun	hbs	gradnja	noun	slv
izgradnja	noun	hbs	gradnja	noun	slv
kretnja	noun	hbs	kretnja	noun	slv
krošnja	noun	hbs	krošnja	noun	slv
rupa	noun	hbs	luknja	noun	slv
mošnja	noun	hbs	mošnja	noun	slv
kušnja	noun	hbs	preizkušnja	noun	slv
preispitivanje	noun	hbs	preizkus	noun	slv
pridruživanje	noun	hbs	pridružitev	noun	slv
šah	noun	hbs	šah	noun	slv
molba	noun	hbs	prošnja	noun	slv
zamolba	noun	hbs	prošnja	noun	slv
sintaksa	noun	hbs	skladnja	noun	slv
slutnja	noun	hbs	slutnja	noun	slv
ropkinja	noun	hbs	sužnja	noun	slv
narav	noun	hbs	nrav	noun	slv
seks	noun	hbs	seks	noun	slv
deficit	noun	hbs	primanjkljaj	noun	slv
dioksid	noun	hbs	dioksid	noun	slv
korist	noun	hbs	prid	noun	slv
korist	noun	hbs	ugodnost	noun	slv
interoperabilnost	noun	hbs	interoperabilnost	noun	slv
pouzdanost	noun	hbs	zanesljivost	noun	slv
grof	noun	hbs	grof	noun	slv
seljak	noun	hbs	kmet	noun	slv
poljoprivrednik	noun	hbs	kmet	noun	slv
tlo	noun	hbs	tla	noun	slv
rob	noun	hbs	suženj	noun	slv
groš	noun	hbs	groš	noun	slv
koš	noun	hbs	koš	noun	slv
okrug	noun	hbs	okoliš	noun	slv
lahor	noun	hbs	piš	noun	slv
hlap	noun	hbs	hlap	noun	slv
stup	noun	hbs	stop	noun	slv
vojskovođa	noun	hbs	vojskovodja	noun	slv
kaki	noun	hbs	kaki	noun	slv
guma	noun	hbs	guma	noun	slv
guma	noun	hbs	gumi	noun	slv
mraz	noun	hbs	mraz	noun	slv
srž	noun	hbs	mozeg	noun	slv
moždina	noun	hbs	mozeg	noun	slv
cipela	noun	hbs	čevelj	noun	slv
kašalj	noun	hbs	kašelj	noun	slv
kuka	noun	hbs	kavelj	noun	slv
kegla	noun	hbs	kegelj	noun	slv
pandža	noun	hbs	krempelj	noun	slv
kandža	noun	hbs	krempelj	noun	slv
stabljika	noun	hbs	pecelj	noun	slv
panj	noun	hbs	štrcelj	noun	slv
hram	noun	hbs	tempelj	noun	slv
uška	noun	hbs	uhelj	noun	slv
čavao	noun	hbs	žebelj	noun	slv
čarobnjak	noun	hbs	čarodej	noun	slv
čimbenik	noun	hbs	činitelj	noun	slv
čuvar	noun	hbs	čuvaj	noun	slv
genije	noun	hbs	genij	noun	slv
heroj	noun	hbs	heroj	noun	slv
prijestupnik	noun	hbs	kršitelj	noun	slv
ljubitelj	noun	hbs	ljubitelj	noun	slv
nalaznik	noun	hbs	odkritelj	noun	slv
dječurlija	noun	hbs	otročaj	noun	slv
pokrovitelj	noun	hbs	pokrovitelj	noun	slv
policajac	noun	hbs	policaj	noun	slv
uzročnik	noun	hbs	povzročitelj	noun	slv
organizator	noun	hbs	prireditelj	noun	slv
spasitelj	noun	hbs	rešitelj	noun	slv
voditelj	noun	hbs	voditelj	noun	slv
podne	noun	hbs	poldan	noun	slv
bedro	noun	hbs	bedro	noun	slv
butina	noun	hbs	bedro	noun	slv
but	noun	hbs	bedro	noun	slv
jedro	noun	hbs	jadro	noun	slv
jezgra	noun	hbs	jedro	noun	slv
srž	noun	hbs	jedro	noun	slv
glavnina	noun	hbs	jedro	noun	slv
vjedro	noun	hbs	vedro	noun	slv
laž	noun	hbs	laž	noun	slv
novčanica	noun	hbs	bankovec	noun	slv
djelić	noun	hbs	delec	noun	slv
krhotina	noun	hbs	drobec	noun	slv
suština	noun	hbs	bistvo	noun	slv
dvorac	noun	hbs	dvorec	noun	slv
njuška	noun	hbs	gobec	noun	slv
gubica	noun	hbs	gobec	noun	slv
grkljan	noun	hbs	goltanec	noun	slv
hljebac	noun	hbs	hlebec	noun	slv
kažiprst	noun	hbs	kazalec	noun	slv
kipić	noun	hbs	kipec	noun	slv
nagib	noun	hbs	klanec	noun	slv
lakat	noun	hbs	komolec	noun	slv
kovanica	noun	hbs	kovanec	noun	slv
popara	noun	hbs	kruhovec	noun	slv
lonac	noun	hbs	lonec	noun	slv
novčić	noun	hbs	novec	noun	slv
obrazac	noun	hbs	obrazec	noun	slv
pojačalo	noun	hbs	ojačevalec	noun	slv
palac	noun	hbs	palec	noun	slv
povodac	noun	hbs	povodec	noun	slv
pramac	noun	hbs	premec	noun	slv
prepečenac	noun	hbs	prepečenec	noun	slv
pljusak	noun	hbs	pršec	noun	slv
mlažnjak	noun	hbs	reaktivec	noun	slv
rilo	noun	hbs	rilec	noun	slv
maramica	noun	hbs	robec	noun	slv
sanak	noun	hbs	spanec	noun	slv
stupac	noun	hbs	stolpec	noun	slv
stožac	noun	hbs	stožec	noun	slv
strmac	noun	hbs	strmec	noun	slv
studenac	noun	hbs	studenec	noun	slv
konac	noun	hbs	sukanec	noun	slv
konac	noun	hbs	cviren	noun	slv
šampanjac	noun	hbs	šampanjec	noun	slv
prstohvat	noun	hbs	ščepec	noun	slv
kolotur	noun	hbs	škripec	noun	slv
cvrkutanje	noun	hbs	ščebetanje	noun	slv
klepetanje	noun	hbs	šklepetanje	noun	slv
škripa	noun	hbs	škrebljanje	noun	slv
hrid	noun	hbs	čer	noun	slv
greben	noun	hbs	čer	noun	slv
šajba	noun	hbs	šipa	noun	slv
brojilo	noun	hbs	števec	noun	slv
čizma	noun	hbs	škorenj	noun	slv
udarac	noun	hbs	udarec	noun	slv
vijenac	noun	hbs	venec	noun	slv
vrbolika	noun	hbs	vrbovec	noun	slv
vrtlog	noun	hbs	vrtinec	noun	slv
uzorak	noun	hbs	vzorec	noun	slv
želudac	noun	hbs	želodec	noun	slv
živac	noun	hbs	živec	noun	slv
suzavac	noun	hbs	solzivec	noun	slv
agregat	noun	hbs	agregat	noun	slv
akt	noun	hbs	akt	noun	slv
aparat	noun	hbs	aparat	noun	slv
bat	noun	hbs	bat	noun	slv
bat	noun	hbs	bet	noun	slv
brijest	noun	hbs	brest	noun	slv
briket	noun	hbs	briket	noun	slv
papuča	noun	hbs	copat	noun	slv
čulo	noun	hbs	čut	noun	slv
osjetilo	noun	hbs	čut	noun	slv
dijamant	noun	hbs	diamant	noun	slv
odmor	noun	hbs	dopust	noun	slv
dopust	noun	hbs	dopust	noun	slv
tucet	noun	hbs	ducat	noun	slv
tuce	noun	hbs	ducat	noun	slv
efekt	noun	hbs	efekt	noun	slv
elaborat	noun	hbs	elaborat	noun	slv
fotoaparat	noun	hbs	fotoaparat	noun	slv
funta	noun	hbs	funt	noun	slv
ždrijelo	noun	hbs	golt	noun	slv
hit	noun	hbs	hit	noun	slv
infarkt	noun	hbs	infarkt	noun	slv
projekt	noun	hbs	projekt	noun	slv
standard	noun	hbs	standard	noun	slv
inspektorat	noun	hbs	inšpektorat	noun	slv
institut	noun	hbs	inštitut	noun	slv
instrument	noun	hbs	inštrument	noun	slv
instrument	noun	hbs	instrument	noun	slv
internat	noun	hbs	internat	noun	slv
izlet	noun	hbs	izlet	noun	slv
kabinet	noun	hbs	kabinet	noun	slv
putokaz	noun	hbs	kažipot	noun	slv
klepetanje	noun	hbs	klepet	noun	slv
kombinat	noun	hbs	kombinat	noun	slv
komplet	noun	hbs	komplet	noun	slv
kontakt	noun	hbs	kontakt	noun	slv
kut	noun	hbs	kot	noun	slv
ugao	noun	hbs	kot	noun	slv
grohot	noun	hbs	krohot	noun	slv
krštenje	noun	hbs	krst	noun	slv
kvadrat	noun	hbs	kvadrat	noun	slv
labirint	noun	hbs	labirint	noun	slv
bljesak	noun	hbs	lesket	noun	slv
list	noun	hbs	list	noun	slv
magistrat	noun	hbs	magistrat	noun	slv
bacanje	noun	hbs	met	noun	slv
minobacač	noun	hbs	minomet	noun	slv
glasač	noun	hbs	volivec	noun	slv
migrant	noun	hbs	migrant	noun	slv
savjet	noun	hbs	nasvet	noun	slv
uvjet	noun	hbs	pogoj	noun	slv
preduvjet	noun	hbs	predpogoj	noun	slv
nokat	noun	hbs	noht	noun	slv
obećanje	noun	hbs	obet	noun	slv
objekt	noun	hbs	objekt	noun	slv
objekat	noun	hbs	objekt	noun	slv
otpust	noun	hbs	odpust	noun	slv
otkaz	noun	hbs	odpust	noun	slv
žbuka	noun	hbs	omet	noun	slv
pat	noun	hbs	pat	noun	slv
pečat	noun	hbs	pečat	noun	slv
plakat	noun	hbs	plakat	noun	slv
potplat	noun	hbs	podplat	noun	slv
polet	noun	hbs	polet	noun	slv
porast	noun	hbs	porast	noun	slv
porast	noun	hbs	pridobitev	noun	slv
post	noun	hbs	post	noun	slv
savjetovanje	noun	hbs	posvet	noun	slv
savjetovanje	noun	hbs	svetovanje	noun	slv
pucketanje	noun	hbs	prasket	noun	slv
preokret	noun	hbs	preobrat	noun	slv
preokret	noun	hbs	preokret	noun	slv
preparat	noun	hbs	preparat	noun	slv
ispreplitanje	noun	hbs	preplet	noun	slv
prevrat	noun	hbs	prevrat	noun	slv
produkt	noun	hbs	produkt	noun	slv
pult	noun	hbs	pult	noun	slv
poklade	noun	hbs	pust	noun	slv
karneval	noun	hbs	pust	noun	slv
procvat	noun	hbs	razcvet	noun	slv
rasplet	noun	hbs	razplet	noun	slv
referat	noun	hbs	referat	noun	slv
regiment	noun	hbs	regiment	noun	slv
rekvizit	noun	hbs	rekvizit	noun	slv
sekretarijat	noun	hbs	sekretariat	noun	slv
sindikat	noun	hbs	sindikat	noun	slv
kostur	noun	hbs	skelet	noun	slv
splet	noun	hbs	splet	noun	slv
spust	noun	hbs	spust	noun	slv
zora	noun	hbs	svit	noun	slv
štit	noun	hbs	ščit	noun	slv
šapat	noun	hbs	šepet	noun	slv
šapa	noun	hbs	šapa	noun	slv
šarlatan	noun	hbs	šarlatan	noun	slv
štene	noun	hbs	ščene	noun	slv
štipanje	noun	hbs	ščipanje	noun	slv
šef	noun	hbs	šef	noun	slv
šuškanje	noun	hbs	šelestenje	noun	slv
šiblje	noun	hbs	šibje	noun	slv
šiling	noun	hbs	šiling	noun	slv
šilo	noun	hbs	šilo	noun	slv
škripanje	noun	hbs	škripanje	noun	slv
sufinanciranje	noun	hbs	sofinanciranje	noun	slv
šofer	noun	hbs	šofer	noun	slv
ševa	noun	hbs	škrjanček	noun	slv
treset	noun	hbs	šota	noun	slv
šok	noun	hbs	šok	noun	slv
školovanje	noun	hbs	šolanje	noun	slv
školstvo	noun	hbs	šolstvo	noun	slv
šepirenje	noun	hbs	šopirjenje	noun	slv
špekuliranje	noun	hbs	špekuliranje	noun	slv
šrapnel	noun	hbs	šrapnel	noun	slv
studij	noun	hbs	študij	noun	slv
šum	noun	hbs	šum	noun	slv
šumljenje	noun	hbs	šumenje	noun	slv
šum	noun	hbs	šumljanje	noun	slv
šuštanje	noun	hbs	šušljanje	noun	slv
žaba	noun	hbs	žaba	noun	slv
žandar	noun	hbs	žandar	noun	slv
mladoženja	noun	hbs	ženin	noun	slv
zraka	noun	hbs	žarek	noun	slv
žarenje	noun	hbs	žarenje	noun	slv
ženskost	noun	hbs	ženskost	noun	slv
žica	noun	hbs	žica	noun	slv
žarište	noun	hbs	žarišče	noun	slv
žargon	noun	hbs	žargon	noun	slv
žar	noun	hbs	žar	noun	slv
buket	noun	hbs	šopek	noun	slv
piljenje	noun	hbs	žaganje	noun	slv
pečenje	noun	hbs	žganje	noun	slv
životinjica	noun	hbs	živalca	noun	slv
živac	noun	hbs	živčevje	noun	slv
skandal	noun	hbs	škandal	noun	slv
žlijeb	noun	hbs	žleb	noun	slv
brbljanje	noun	hbs	žlobudranje	noun	slv
zapremnina	noun	hbs	zmogljivost	noun	slv
skandalčić	noun	hbs	škandalček	noun	slv
žeđ	noun	hbs	žeja	noun	slv
željeznarija	noun	hbs	železje	noun	slv
željezarija	noun	hbs	železnina	noun	slv
školarac	noun	hbs	šolar	noun	slv
škorpion	noun	hbs	škorpijon	noun	slv
škorpija	noun	hbs	škorpijon	noun	slv
špageti	noun	hbs	špaget	noun	slv
sport	noun	hbs	šport	noun	slv
takt	noun	hbs	takt	noun	slv
trakt	noun	hbs	trakt	noun	slv
transparent	noun	hbs	transparent	noun	slv
transport	noun	hbs	transport	noun	slv
baršun	noun	hbs	žamet	noun	slv
zveket	noun	hbs	žvenket	noun	slv
cvijet	noun	hbs	cvet	noun	slv
alkohol	noun	hbs	alkohol	noun	slv
pregovaranje	noun	hbs	barantanje	noun	slv
pregovaranje	noun	hbs	pogajanje	noun	slv
bdjenje	noun	hbs	bedenje	noun	slv
utemeljenje	noun	hbs	utemeljitev	noun	slv
prosjačenje	noun	hbs	beračenje	noun	slv
naklapanje	noun	hbs	besedičenje	noun	slv
rječnik	noun	hbs	besedišče	noun	slv
prijemnik	noun	hbs	prejemnik	noun	slv
bjesnilo	noun	hbs	besnenje	noun	slv
lavež	noun	hbs	bevskanje	noun	slv
bičevanje	noun	hbs	bičanje	noun	slv
prebivalište	noun	hbs	bivališče	noun	slv
prebivalište	noun	hbs	prebivališče	noun	slv
boravak	noun	hbs	bivanje	noun	slv
cviljenje	noun	hbs	cviljenje	noun	slv
cvilež	noun	hbs	cvilež	noun	slv
vlak	noun	hbs	vlak	noun	slv
prebivanje	noun	hbs	bivanje	noun	slv
bivanje	noun	hbs	bivanje	noun	slv
blaćenje	noun	hbs	blatenje	noun	slv
sijevanje	noun	hbs	bliskanje	noun	slv
približavanje	noun	hbs	bližanje	noun	slv
izvršavanje	noun	hbs	izvrševanje	noun	slv
lutanje	noun	hbs	blodenje	noun	slv
bubnjanje	noun	hbs	bobnanje	noun	slv
grmljavina	noun	hbs	bobnenje	noun	slv
borba	noun	hbs	bojevanje	noun	slv
bojište	noun	hbs	bojišče	noun	slv
milovanje	noun	hbs	božanje	noun	slv
čitanje	noun	hbs	branje	noun	slv
obrana	noun	hbs	branjenje	noun	slv
izbjeglica	noun	hbs	begunec	noun	slv
mandat	noun	hbs	mandat	noun	slv
zujenje	noun	hbs	brenčanje	noun	slv
brujenje	noun	hbs	brnenje	noun	slv
povraćanje	noun	hbs	bruhanje	noun	slv
bučenje	noun	hbs	bučanje	noun	slv
zacjeljivanje	noun	hbs	celjenje	noun	slv
zagađenje	noun	hbs	onesnaževanje	noun	slv
obavijest	noun	hbs	obveščanje	noun	slv
zveckanje	noun	hbs	cingljanje	noun	slv
pljeskanje	noun	hbs	ploskanje	noun	slv
odstupanje	noun	hbs	odstopanje	noun	slv
opstanak	noun	hbs	preživetje	noun	slv
Nabucco	properNoun	hbs	Nabucco	properNoun	slv
Eurat	properNoun	hbs	Eurat	properNoun	slv
Verts	properNoun	hbs	Verts	properNoun	slv
Eurostat	properNoun	hbs	Eurostat	properNoun	slv
Frontex	properNoun	hbs	Frontex	properNoun	slv
København	properNoun	hbs	København	properNoun	slv
Izrael	properNoun	hbs	Izrael	properNoun	slv
Irak	properNoun	hbs	Irak	properNoun	slv
Pakistan	properNoun	hbs	Pakistan	properNoun	slv
Haiti	properNoun	hbs	Haiti	properNoun	slv
Ivica	properNoun	hbs	Janez	properNoun	slv
Marica	properNoun	hbs	Marija	properNoun	slv
Pavao	properNoun	hbs	Pavel	properNoun	slv
David	properNoun	hbs	David	properNoun	slv
Aljaž	properNoun	hbs	Aljaž	properNoun	slv
Ambrož	properNoun	hbs	Ambrož	properNoun	slv
Blaž	properNoun	hbs	Blaž	properNoun	slv
Judež	properNoun	hbs	Judež	properNoun	slv
Matjaž	properNoun	hbs	Matjaž	properNoun	slv
Primož	properNoun	hbs	Primož	properNoun	slv
Tomaž	properNoun	hbs	Tomaž	properNoun	slv
Uroš	properNoun	hbs	Uroš	properNoun	slv
žiga	properNoun	hbs	žiga	properNoun	slv
Štefan	properNoun	hbs	Štefan	properNoun	slv
Dragutin	properNoun	hbs	Dragutin	properNoun	slv
Nikola	properNoun	hbs	Nikola	properNoun	slv
Dragiša	properNoun	hbs	Dragiša	properNoun	slv
Nemanja	properNoun	hbs	Nemanja	properNoun	slv
Bajram	properNoun	hbs	Bajram	properNoun	slv
Fatlum	properNoun	hbs	Fatlum	properNoun	slv
Hasan	properNoun	hbs	Hasan	properNoun	slv
Jasenka	properNoun	hbs	Jasenka	properNoun	slv
Anja	properNoun	hbs	Anja	properNoun	slv
Sandra	properNoun	hbs	Sandra	properNoun	slv
Katja	properNoun	hbs	Katja	properNoun	slv
Joža	properNoun	hbs	Joža	properNoun	slv
Ana	properNoun	hbs	Ana	properNoun	slv
Angela	properNoun	hbs	Angela	properNoun	slv
Angelca	properNoun	hbs	Angelca	properNoun	slv
Barbara	properNoun	hbs	Barbara	properNoun	slv
Elizabeta	properNoun	hbs	Elizabeta	properNoun	slv
Emmanuela	properNoun	hbs	Emmanuela	properNoun	slv
Eva	properNoun	hbs	Eva	properNoun	slv
Gabrijela	properNoun	hbs	Gabrijela	properNoun	slv
Helena	properNoun	hbs	Helena	properNoun	slv
Ivana	properNoun	hbs	Ivana	properNoun	slv
Lucija	properNoun	hbs	Lucija	properNoun	slv
Marija	properNoun	hbs	Marija	properNoun	slv
Matilda	properNoun	hbs	Matilda	properNoun	slv
Milena	properNoun	hbs	Milena	properNoun	slv
Minerva	properNoun	hbs	Minerva	properNoun	slv
Natalija	properNoun	hbs	Natalija	properNoun	slv
Nataša	properNoun	hbs	Nataša	properNoun	slv
Nina	properNoun	hbs	Nina	properNoun	slv
Olga	properNoun	hbs	Olga	properNoun	slv
Pandora	properNoun	hbs	Pandora	properNoun	slv
Pavla	properNoun	hbs	Pavla	properNoun	slv
Simona	properNoun	hbs	Simona	properNoun	slv
Štefanija	properNoun	hbs	Štefanija	properNoun	slv
Tanja	properNoun	hbs	Tanja	properNoun	slv
Tina	properNoun	hbs	Tina	properNoun	slv
Viktorija	properNoun	hbs	Viktorija	properNoun	slv
Albina	properNoun	hbs	Albina	properNoun	slv
Alenka	properNoun	hbs	Alenka	properNoun	slv
Bernarda	properNoun	hbs	Bernarda	properNoun	slv
Branka	properNoun	hbs	Branka	properNoun	slv
Breda	properNoun	hbs	Breda	properNoun	slv
Cirila	properNoun	hbs	Cirila	properNoun	slv
Cveta	properNoun	hbs	Cveta	properNoun	slv
Danica	properNoun	hbs	Danica	properNoun	slv
Darinka	properNoun	hbs	Darinka	properNoun	slv
Doroteja	properNoun	hbs	Doroteja	properNoun	slv
Ida	properNoun	hbs	Ida	properNoun	slv
Iva	properNoun	hbs	Iva	properNoun	slv
Ivanka	properNoun	hbs	Ivanka	properNoun	slv
Jadranka	properNoun	hbs	Jadranka	properNoun	slv
Janja	properNoun	hbs	Janja	properNoun	slv
Jožica	properNoun	hbs	Jožica	properNoun	slv
Julija	properNoun	hbs	Julija	properNoun	slv
Katarina	properNoun	hbs	Katarina	properNoun	slv
Klara	properNoun	hbs	Klara	properNoun	slv
Klementina	properNoun	hbs	Klementina	properNoun	slv
Majda	properNoun	hbs	Majda	properNoun	slv
Margareta	properNoun	hbs	Margareta	properNoun	slv
Marjeta	properNoun	hbs	Marjeta	properNoun	slv
Mateja	properNoun	hbs	Mateja	properNoun	slv
Metka	properNoun	hbs	Metka	properNoun	slv
Micka	properNoun	hbs	Micka	properNoun	slv
Milka	properNoun	hbs	Milka	properNoun	slv
Mojca	properNoun	hbs	Mojca	properNoun	slv
Nada	properNoun	hbs	Nada	properNoun	slv
Neža	properNoun	hbs	Neža	properNoun	slv
Pivka	properNoun	hbs	Pivka	properNoun	slv
Polonca	properNoun	hbs	Polonca	properNoun	slv
Rafaela	properNoun	hbs	Rafaela	properNoun	slv
Rahela	properNoun	hbs	Rahela	properNoun	slv
Romana	properNoun	hbs	Romana	properNoun	slv
Štefka	properNoun	hbs	Štefka	properNoun	slv
Urša	properNoun	hbs	Urša	properNoun	slv
Vanja	properNoun	hbs	Vanja	properNoun	slv
Vida	properNoun	hbs	Vida	properNoun	slv
Vika	properNoun	hbs	Vika	properNoun	slv
Jasna	properNoun	hbs	Jasna	properNoun	slv
Aleksandra	properNoun	hbs	Aleksandra	properNoun	slv
Petra	properNoun	hbs	Petra	properNoun	slv
Andreja	properNoun	hbs	Andreja	properNoun	slv
Abraham	properNoun	hbs	Abraham	properNoun	slv
Adam	properNoun	hbs	Adam	properNoun	slv
Albert	properNoun	hbs	Albert	properNoun	slv
Albin	properNoun	hbs	Albin	properNoun	slv
Aleksander	properNoun	hbs	Aleksander	properNoun	slv
Alfred	properNoun	hbs	Alfred	properNoun	slv
Andrej	properNoun	hbs	Andrej	properNoun	slv
Anton	properNoun	hbs	Anton	properNoun	slv
Ashton	properNoun	hbs	Ashton	properNoun	slv
Baal	properNoun	hbs	Baal	properNoun	slv
Baltazar	properNoun	hbs	Baltazar	properNoun	slv
Benjamin	properNoun	hbs	Benjamin	properNoun	slv
Bernard	properNoun	hbs	Bernard	properNoun	slv
Bob	properNoun	hbs	Bob	properNoun	slv
Bogdan	properNoun	hbs	Bogdan	properNoun	slv
Bogo	properNoun	hbs	Bogo	properNoun	slv
Bojan	properNoun	hbs	Bojan	properNoun	slv
Boris	properNoun	hbs	Boris	properNoun	slv
Boštjan	properNoun	hbs	Boštjan	properNoun	slv
Božo	properNoun	hbs	Božo	properNoun	slv
Brane	properNoun	hbs	Brane	properNoun	slv
Branko	properNoun	hbs	Branko	properNoun	slv
Ciril	properNoun	hbs	Ciril	properNoun	slv
Damjan	properNoun	hbs	Damjan	properNoun	slv
Darko	properNoun	hbs	Darko	properNoun	slv
Dragan	properNoun	hbs	Dragan	properNoun	slv
Drago	properNoun	hbs	Drago	properNoun	slv
Dušan	properNoun	hbs	Dušan	properNoun	slv
Edvard	properNoun	hbs	Edvard	properNoun	slv
Emil	properNoun	hbs	Emil	properNoun	slv
Emmanuel	properNoun	hbs	Emmanuel	properNoun	slv
Filip	properNoun	hbs	Filip	properNoun	slv
Fran	properNoun	hbs	Fran	properNoun	slv
Franc	properNoun	hbs	Franc	properNoun	slv
France	properNoun	hbs	France	properNoun	slv
Gabrijel	properNoun	hbs	Gabrijel	properNoun	slv
Grega	properNoun	hbs	Grega	properNoun	slv
Gregor	properNoun	hbs	Gregor	properNoun	slv
Gregorij	properNoun	hbs	Gregorij	properNoun	slv
Hamlet	properNoun	hbs	Hamlet	properNoun	slv
Henrik	properNoun	hbs	Henrik	properNoun	slv
Hipokrat	properNoun	hbs	Hipokrat	properNoun	slv
Hubert	properNoun	hbs	Hubert	properNoun	slv
Ignacij	properNoun	hbs	Ignacij	properNoun	slv
Igor	properNoun	hbs	Igor	properNoun	slv
Ivan	properNoun	hbs	Ivan	properNoun	slv
Franko	properNoun	hbs	Franko	properNoun	slv
Franko	properNoun	hbs	Franko	properNoun	slv
Marko	properNoun	hbs	Marko	properNoun	slv
Maša	properNoun	hbs	Maša	properNoun	slv
Saša	properNoun	hbs	Saša	properNoun	slv
Izak	properNoun	hbs	Izak	properNoun	slv
Iztok	properNoun	hbs	Iztok	properNoun	slv
Jakob	properNoun	hbs	Jakob	properNoun	slv
James	properNoun	hbs	James	properNoun	slv
Janko	properNoun	hbs	Janko	properNoun	slv
Barroso	properNoun	hbs	Barroso	properNoun	slv
Galileo	properNoun	hbs	Galileo	properNoun	slv
Isus	properNoun	hbs	Jezus	properNoun	slv
John	properNoun	hbs	John	properNoun	slv
Josip	properNoun	hbs	Josip	properNoun	slv
Jože	properNoun	hbs	Jože	properNoun	slv
Jožef	properNoun	hbs	Jožef	properNoun	slv
Jožko	properNoun	hbs	Jožko	properNoun	slv
Juda	properNoun	hbs	Juda	properNoun	slv
Jure	properNoun	hbs	Jure	properNoun	slv
Jurij	properNoun	hbs	Jurij	properNoun	slv
Kajn	properNoun	hbs	Kajn	properNoun	slv
Karel	properNoun	hbs	Karel	properNoun	slv
Klementin	properNoun	hbs	Klementin	properNoun	slv
Konstantin	properNoun	hbs	Konstantin	properNoun	slv
Krištof	properNoun	hbs	Krištof	properNoun	slv
Krist	properNoun	hbs	Kristus	properNoun	slv
Leopold	properNoun	hbs	Leopold	properNoun	slv
Lovrenc	properNoun	hbs	Lovrenc	properNoun	slv
Ludvik	properNoun	hbs	Ludvik	properNoun	slv
Luka	properNoun	hbs	Luka	properNoun	slv
Marcel	properNoun	hbs	Marcel	properNoun	slv
Marijan	properNoun	hbs	Marijan	properNoun	slv
Martin	properNoun	hbs	Martin	properNoun	slv
Matej	properNoun	hbs	Matej	properNoun	slv
Matija	properNoun	hbs	Matija	properNoun	slv
Metod	properNoun	hbs	Metod	properNoun	slv
Mihael	properNoun	hbs	Mihael	properNoun	slv
Milan	properNoun	hbs	Milan	properNoun	slv
Miro	properNoun	hbs	Miro	properNoun	slv
Mitja	properNoun	hbs	Mitja	properNoun	slv
Oliver	properNoun	hbs	Oliver	properNoun	slv
Oskar	properNoun	hbs	Oskar	properNoun	slv
Oton	properNoun	hbs	Oton	properNoun	slv
Oziris	properNoun	hbs	Oziris	properNoun	slv
Pankracij	properNoun	hbs	Pankracij	properNoun	slv
Pavle	properNoun	hbs	Pavle	properNoun	slv
Peter	properNoun	hbs	Peter	properNoun	slv
Pitagora	properNoun	hbs	Pitagora	properNoun	slv
Polde	properNoun	hbs	Polde	properNoun	slv
Rafael	properNoun	hbs	Rafael	properNoun	slv
Robert	properNoun	hbs	Robert	properNoun	slv
Roman	properNoun	hbs	Roman	properNoun	slv
Romeo	properNoun	hbs	Romeo	properNoun	slv
Samuel	properNoun	hbs	Samuel	properNoun	slv
Sergio	properNoun	hbs	Sergio	properNoun	slv
Simon	properNoun	hbs	Simon	properNoun	slv
Slavko	properNoun	hbs	Slavko	properNoun	slv
Sokrat	properNoun	hbs	Sokrat	properNoun	slv
Stalin	properNoun	hbs	Stalin	properNoun	slv
Stane	properNoun	hbs	Stane	properNoun	slv
Tadej	properNoun	hbs	Tadej	properNoun	slv
Tarzan	properNoun	hbs	Tarzan	properNoun	slv
Tine	properNoun	hbs	Tine	properNoun	slv
Tito	properNoun	hbs	Tito	properNoun	slv
Tom	properNoun	hbs	Tom	properNoun	slv
Tomo	properNoun	hbs	Tomo	properNoun	slv
Tone	properNoun	hbs	Tone	properNoun	slv
Urban	properNoun	hbs	Urban	properNoun	slv
Vid	properNoun	hbs	Vid	properNoun	slv
Viljem	properNoun	hbs	Viljem	properNoun	slv
Vinko	properNoun	hbs	Vinko	properNoun	slv
Vitodrag	properNoun	hbs	Vitodrag	properNoun	slv
Vladimir	properNoun	hbs	Vladimir	properNoun	slv
Vojko	properNoun	hbs	Vojko	properNoun	slv
William	properNoun	hbs	William	properNoun	slv
Winston	properNoun	hbs	Winston	properNoun	slv
Zoran	properNoun	hbs	Zoran	properNoun	slv
Viktorija	properNoun	hbs	Viktorija	properNoun	slv
Polinezija	properNoun	hbs	Polinezija	properNoun	slv
Idrija	properNoun	hbs	Idrija	properNoun	slv
Mandžurija	properNoun	hbs	Mandžurija	properNoun	slv
Rezija	properNoun	hbs	Rezija	properNoun	slv
Italija	properNoun	hbs	Italija	properNoun	slv
Albanija	properNoun	hbs	Albanija	properNoun	slv
Rumunija	properNoun	hbs	Romunija	properNoun	slv
Malta	properNoun	hbs	Malta	properNoun	slv
Latvija	properNoun	hbs	Latvija	properNoun	slv
Tunis	properNoun	hbs	Tunizija	properNoun	slv
Gruzija	properNoun	hbs	Gruzija	properNoun	slv
Bjelorusija	properNoun	hbs	Belorusija	properNoun	slv
Ukrajina	properNoun	hbs	Ukrajina	properNoun	slv
Andaluzija	properNoun	hbs	Andaluzija	properNoun	slv
Azija	properNoun	hbs	Azija	properNoun	slv
Belgija	properNoun	hbs	Belgija	properNoun	slv
Brazilija	properNoun	hbs	Brazilija	properNoun	slv
Britanija	properNoun	hbs	Britanija	properNoun	slv
Dalmacija	properNoun	hbs	Dalmacija	properNoun	slv
Estonija	properNoun	hbs	Estonija	properNoun	slv
Francija	properNoun	hbs	Francija	properNoun	slv
Galicija	properNoun	hbs	Galicija	properNoun	slv
Indija	properNoun	hbs	Indija	properNoun	slv
Jugoslavija	properNoun	hbs	Jugoslavija	properNoun	slv
Kalabrija	properNoun	hbs	Kalabrija	properNoun	slv
Kaledonija	properNoun	hbs	Kaledonija	properNoun	slv
Katalonija	properNoun	hbs	Katalonija	properNoun	slv
Libija	properNoun	hbs	Libija	properNoun	slv
Lombardija	properNoun	hbs	Lombardija	properNoun	slv
Makedonija	properNoun	hbs	Makedonija	properNoun	slv
Mongolija	properNoun	hbs	Mongolija	properNoun	slv
Normandija	properNoun	hbs	Normandija	properNoun	slv
Oceanija	properNoun	hbs	Oceanija	properNoun	slv
Perzija	properNoun	hbs	Perzija	properNoun	slv
Rusija	properNoun	hbs	Rusija	properNoun	slv
Sardinija	properNoun	hbs	Sardinija	properNoun	slv
Skandinavija	properNoun	hbs	Skandinavija	properNoun	slv
Slovenija	properNoun	hbs	Slovenija	properNoun	slv
Srbija	properNoun	hbs	Srbija	properNoun	slv
Sirija	properNoun	hbs	Sirija	properNoun	slv
Kolumbija	properNoun	hbs	Kolumbija	properNoun	slv
Nigerija	properNoun	hbs	Nigerija	properNoun	slv
Dovje	properNoun	hbs	Dovje	properNoun	slv
Grosuplje	properNoun	hbs	Grosuplje	properNoun	slv
Dolska	properNoun	hbs	Dolsko	properNoun	slv
Grahovo	properNoun	hbs	Grahovo	properNoun	slv
Krško	properNoun	hbs	Krško	properNoun	slv
Laško	properNoun	hbs	Laško	properNoun	slv
Moravska	properNoun	hbs	Moravsko	properNoun	slv
Notranjska	properNoun	hbs	Notranjsko	properNoun	slv
Celje	properNoun	hbs	Celje	properNoun	slv
Pohorje	properNoun	hbs	Pohorje	properNoun	slv
Sredozemlje	properNoun	hbs	Sredozemlje	properNoun	slv
Velenje	properNoun	hbs	Velenje	properNoun	slv
Brno	properNoun	hbs	Brno	properNoun	slv
Kosovo	properNoun	hbs	Kosovo	properNoun	slv
Sarajevo	properNoun	hbs	Sarajevo	properNoun	slv
Atlantik	properNoun	hbs	Atlantik	properNoun	slv
Strasbourg	properNoun	hbs	Strasbourg	properNoun	slv
Balkan	properNoun	hbs	Balkan	properNoun	slv
Baltik	properNoun	hbs	Baltik	properNoun	slv
Afganistan	properNoun	hbs	Afganistan	properNoun	slv
Beograd	properNoun	hbs	Beograd	properNoun	slv
Berlin	properNoun	hbs	Berlin	properNoun	slv
Bled	properNoun	hbs	Bled	properNoun	slv
Bogo	properNoun	hbs	Bogo	properNoun	slv
Bovec	properNoun	hbs	Bovec	properNoun	slv
Brnik	properNoun	hbs	Brnik	properNoun	slv
Cejlon	properNoun	hbs	Cejlon	properNoun	slv
Cipar	properNoun	hbs	Ciper	properNoun	slv
Egipt	properNoun	hbs	Egipt	properNoun	slv
Gibraltar	properNoun	hbs	Gibraltar	properNoun	slv
Golovec	properNoun	hbs	Golovec	properNoun	slv
Gradec	properNoun	hbs	Gradec	properNoun	slv
Grant	properNoun	hbs	Grant	properNoun	slv
Haag	properNoun	hbs	Haag	properNoun	slv
Hamburg	properNoun	hbs	Hamburg	properNoun	slv
Hongkong	properNoun	hbs	Hongkong	properNoun	slv
Hrib	properNoun	hbs	Hrib	properNoun	slv
Nezakcij	properNoun	hbs	Nezakcij	properNoun	slv
Srijem	properNoun	hbs	Srijem	properNoun	slv
Ripač	properNoun	hbs	Ripač	properNoun	slv
Jadran	properNoun	hbs	Jadran	properNoun	slv
Jakob	properNoun	hbs	Jakob	properNoun	slv
Jeruzalem	properNoun	hbs	Jeruzalem	properNoun	slv
Kairo	properNoun	hbs	Kairo	properNoun	slv
Kent	properNoun	hbs	Kent	properNoun	slv
Kongo	properNoun	hbs	Kongo	properNoun	slv
Koper	properNoun	hbs	Koper	properNoun	slv
London	properNoun	hbs	London	properNoun	slv
Lovrenc	properNoun	hbs	Lovrenc	properNoun	slv
Madrid	properNoun	hbs	Madrid	properNoun	slv
Maribor	properNoun	hbs	Maribor	properNoun	slv
Maroko	properNoun	hbs	Maroko	properNoun	slv
Mozambik	properNoun	hbs	Mozambik	properNoun	slv
Olimp	properNoun	hbs	Olimp	properNoun	slv
Oslo	properNoun	hbs	Oslo	properNoun	slv
Pacifik	properNoun	hbs	Pacifik	properNoun	slv
Pad	properNoun	hbs	Pad	properNoun	slv
Pariz	properNoun	hbs	Pariz	properNoun	slv
Piran	properNoun	hbs	Piran	properNoun	slv
Iran	properNoun	hbs	Iran	properNoun	slv
Rab	properNoun	hbs	Rab	properNoun	slv
Ren	properNoun	hbs	Ren	properNoun	slv
Rim	properNoun	hbs	Rim	properNoun	slv
Split	properNoun	hbs	Split	properNoun	slv
Tacen	properNoun	hbs	Tacen	properNoun	slv
Tahiti	properNoun	hbs	Tahiti	properNoun	slv
Tanger	properNoun	hbs	Tanger	properNoun	slv
Teheran	properNoun	hbs	Teheran	properNoun	slv
Tibet	properNoun	hbs	Tibet	properNoun	slv
Tivoli	properNoun	hbs	Tivoli	properNoun	slv
Tolmin	properNoun	hbs	Tolmin	properNoun	slv
Torino	properNoun	hbs	Torino	properNoun	slv
Triglav	properNoun	hbs	Triglav	properNoun	slv
Trst	properNoun	hbs	Trst	properNoun	slv
Velebit	properNoun	hbs	Velebit	properNoun	slv
Vid	properNoun	hbs	Vid	properNoun	slv
Washington	properNoun	hbs	Washington	properNoun	slv
York	properNoun	hbs	York	properNoun	slv
Zagreb	properNoun	hbs	Zagreb	properNoun	slv
Lihtenštajn	properNoun	hbs	Lihtenštajn	properNoun	slv
Luksemburg	properNoun	hbs	Luksemburg	properNoun	slv
Luxembourg	properNoun	hbs	Luxembourg	properNoun	slv
Nabucco	properNoun	hbs	Nabucco	properNoun	slv
Zalog	properNoun	hbs	Zalog	properNoun	slv
Dunav	properNoun	hbs	Donava	properNoun	slv
Drava	properNoun	hbs	Drava	properNoun	slv
Drina	properNoun	hbs	Drina	properNoun	slv
Kokra	properNoun	hbs	Kokra	properNoun	slv
Bistrica	properNoun	hbs	Bistrica	properNoun	slv
Mura	properNoun	hbs	Mura	properNoun	slv
Neretva	properNoun	hbs	Neretva	properNoun	slv
Pivka	properNoun	hbs	Pivka	properNoun	slv
Sava	properNoun	hbs	Sava	properNoun	slv
Soča	properNoun	hbs	Soča	properNoun	slv
Sotla	properNoun	hbs	Sotla	properNoun	slv
Visla	properNoun	hbs	Visla	properNoun	slv
Helena	properNoun	hbs	Helena	properNoun	slv
Antarktika	properNoun	hbs	Antarktika	properNoun	slv
Argentina	properNoun	hbs	Argentina	properNoun	slv
Arizona	properNoun	hbs	Arizona	properNoun	slv
Barcelona	properNoun	hbs	Barcelona	properNoun	slv
Danska	properNoun	hbs	Danska	properNoun	slv
Ženeva	properNoun	hbs	Ženeva	properNoun	slv
Hrvatska	properNoun	hbs	Hrvaška	properNoun	slv
Mađarska	properNoun	hbs	Madžarska	properNoun	slv
Češka	properNoun	hbs	Češka	properNoun	slv
Škotska	properNoun	hbs	Škotsko	properNoun	slv
Štajerska	properNoun	hbs	Štajerska	properNoun	slv
Francuska	properNoun	hbs	Francija	properNoun	slv
Švicarska	properNoun	hbs	Švica	properNoun	slv
Švajcarska	properNoun	hbs	Švica	properNoun	slv
Španjolska	properNoun	hbs	Španija	properNoun	slv
Španija	properNoun	hbs	Španija	properNoun	slv
Švedska	properNoun	hbs	Švedska	properNoun	slv
Etna	properNoun	hbs	Etna	properNoun	slv
Europa	properNoun	hbs	Evropa	properNoun	slv
Evropa	properNoun	hbs	Evropa	properNoun	slv
Hirošima	properNoun	hbs	Hirošima	properNoun	slv
Irska	properNoun	hbs	Irska	properNoun	slv
Japan	properNoun	hbs	Japonska	properNoun	slv
Tunis	properNoun	hbs	Japonska	properNoun	slv
Koreja	properNoun	hbs	Koreja	properNoun	slv
Korzika	properNoun	hbs	Korzika	properNoun	slv
Kuba	properNoun	hbs	Kuba	properNoun	slv
Litva	properNoun	hbs	Litva	properNoun	slv
Litvanija	properNoun	hbs	Litva	properNoun	slv
Lisabon	properNoun	hbs	Lizbona	properNoun	slv
Ljubljana	properNoun	hbs	Ljubljana	properNoun	slv
Moskva	properNoun	hbs	Moskva	properNoun	slv
Nizozemska	properNoun	hbs	Nizozemska	properNoun	slv
Holandija	properNoun	hbs	Nizozemska	properNoun	slv
Norveška	properNoun	hbs	Norveška	properNoun	slv
Sofija	properNoun	hbs	Sofija	properNoun	slv
Poljska	properNoun	hbs	Poljska	properNoun	slv
Portugal	properNoun	hbs	Portugalska	properNoun	slv
Portugalija	properNoun	hbs	Portugalska	properNoun	slv
Prag	properNoun	hbs	Praga	properNoun	slv
Slovačka	properNoun	hbs	Slovaška	properNoun	slv
Sodoma	properNoun	hbs	Sodoma	properNoun	slv
Srebrenica	properNoun	hbs	Srebrenica	properNoun	slv
Turska	properNoun	hbs	Turčija	properNoun	slv
Varšava	properNoun	hbs	Varšava	properNoun	slv
Venezuela	properNoun	hbs	Venezuela	properNoun	slv
Vinica	properNoun	hbs	Vinica	properNoun	slv
Dolenjska	properNoun	hbs	Dolenjska	properNoun	slv
Emona	properNoun	hbs	Emona	properNoun	slv
Gomora	properNoun	hbs	Gomora	properNoun	slv
Gorenjska	properNoun	hbs	Gorenjska	properNoun	slv
Ida	properNoun	hbs	Ida	properNoun	slv
Istra	properNoun	hbs	Istra	properNoun	slv
Izola	properNoun	hbs	Izola	properNoun	slv
Java	properNoun	hbs	Java	properNoun	slv
Kanada	properNoun	hbs	Kanada	properNoun	slv
Kina	properNoun	hbs	Kitajska	properNoun	slv
Kokra	properNoun	hbs	Kokra	properNoun	slv
Bistrica	properNoun	hbs	Bistrica	properNoun	slv
Koruška	properNoun	hbs	Koroška	properNoun	slv
Kredarica	properNoun	hbs	Kredarica	properNoun	slv
Marjeta	properNoun	hbs	Marjeta	properNoun	slv
Mojstrana	properNoun	hbs	Mojstrana	properNoun	slv
Mojstrovka	properNoun	hbs	Mojstrovka	properNoun	slv
Njemačka	properNoun	hbs	Nemčija	properNoun	slv
Pivka	properNoun	hbs	Pivka	properNoun	slv
Polzela	properNoun	hbs	Polzela	properNoun	slv
Postojna	properNoun	hbs	Postojna	properNoun	slv
Primorska	properNoun	hbs	Primorska	properNoun	slv
Radovljica	properNoun	hbs	Radovljica	properNoun	slv
Sava	properNoun	hbs	Sava	properNoun	slv
Soča	properNoun	hbs	Soča	properNoun	slv
Tirolska	properNoun	hbs	Tirolska	properNoun	slv
Trenta	properNoun	hbs	Trenta	properNoun	slv
Tuzla	properNoun	hbs	Tuzla	properNoun	slv
Vojvodina	properNoun	hbs	Vojvodina	properNoun	slv
Vrhnika	properNoun	hbs	Vrhnika	properNoun	slv
Afrika	properNoun	hbs	Afrika	properNoun	slv
Engleska	properNoun	hbs	Anglija	properNoun	slv
Australija	properNoun	hbs	Avstralija	properNoun	slv
Austrija	properNoun	hbs	Avstrija	properNoun	slv
Bugarska	properNoun	hbs	Bolgarija	properNoun	slv
Bosna	properNoun	hbs	Bosna	properNoun	slv
Burma	properNoun	hbs	Burma	properNoun	slv
Gaza	properNoun	hbs	Gaza	properNoun	slv
Hercegovina	properNoun	hbs	Hercegovina	properNoun	slv
Slavonija	properNoun	hbs	Slavonija	properNoun	slv
Krapina	properNoun	hbs	Krapina	properNoun	slv
Pula	properNoun	hbs	Pula	properNoun	slv
Šandalja	properNoun	hbs	Šandalja	properNoun	slv
Virovitica	properNoun	hbs	Virovitica	properNoun	slv
Euroazija	properNoun	hbs	Evrazija	properNoun	slv
Grčka	properNoun	hbs	Grčija	properNoun	slv
Island	properNoun	hbs	Islandija	properNoun	slv
Sibir	properNoun	hbs	Sibirija	properNoun	slv
Zeland	properNoun	hbs	Zelandija	properNoun	slv
Gora	properNoun	hbs	Gora	properNoun	slv
Lucija	properNoun	hbs	Lucija	properNoun	slv
Australija	properNoun	hbs	Avstralija	properNoun	slv
Austrija	properNoun	hbs	Avstrija	properNoun	slv
Azija	properNoun	hbs	Azija	properNoun	slv
Euroazija	properNoun	hbs	Euroazija	properNoun	slv
Danska	properNoun	hbs	Dansko	properNoun	slv
Gorenjska	properNoun	hbs	Gorenjsko	properNoun	slv
Irska	properNoun	hbs	Irsko	properNoun	slv
Koruška	properNoun	hbs	Koroško	properNoun	slv
Acevski	properNoun	hbs	Acevski	properNoun	slv
Ajanovski	properNoun	hbs	Ajanovski	properNoun	slv
Aleksievski	properNoun	hbs	Aleksievski	properNoun	slv
Čeh	properNoun	hbs	Čeh	properNoun	slv
Česen	properNoun	hbs	Česen	properNoun	slv
Šešok	properNoun	hbs	Šešok	properNoun	slv
Šetinc	properNoun	hbs	Šetinc	properNoun	slv
Školč	properNoun	hbs	Školč	properNoun	slv
Štefan	properNoun	hbs	Štefan	properNoun	slv
Šturm	properNoun	hbs	Šturm	properNoun	slv
Aleksovski	properNoun	hbs	Aleksovski	properNoun	slv
Anatoliski	properNoun	hbs	Anatoliski	properNoun	slv
Andonovski	properNoun	hbs	Andonovski	properNoun	slv
Antonovski	properNoun	hbs	Antonovski	properNoun	slv
Apostolski	properNoun	hbs	Apostolski	properNoun	slv
Arsovski	properNoun	hbs	Arsovski	properNoun	slv
Avramovski	properNoun	hbs	Avramovski	properNoun	slv
Avramski	properNoun	hbs	Avramski	properNoun	slv
Babaeski	properNoun	hbs	Babaeski	properNoun	slv
Balkovski	properNoun	hbs	Balkovski	properNoun	slv
Baščaršiski	properNoun	hbs	Baščaršiski	properNoun	slv
Bašeski	properNoun	hbs	Bašeski	properNoun	slv
Beldedovski	properNoun	hbs	Beldedovski	properNoun	slv
Berezovski	properNoun	hbs	Berezovski	properNoun	slv
Bičikliski	properNoun	hbs	Bičikliski	properNoun	slv
Blaževski	properNoun	hbs	Blaževski	properNoun	slv
Bocevski	properNoun	hbs	Bocevski	properNoun	slv
Boškovski	properNoun	hbs	Boškovski	properNoun	slv
Božinovski	properNoun	hbs	Božinovski	properNoun	slv
Brezinski	properNoun	hbs	Brezinski	properNoun	slv
Bučkovski	properNoun	hbs	Bučkovski	properNoun	slv
Bučovski	properNoun	hbs	Bučovski	properNoun	slv
Bugajski	properNoun	hbs	Bugajski	properNoun	slv
Buldožerski	properNoun	hbs	Buldožerski	properNoun	slv
Bundaleski	properNoun	hbs	Bundaleski	properNoun	slv
Čajkovski	properNoun	hbs	Čajkovski	properNoun	slv
Cakovski	properNoun	hbs	Cakovski	properNoun	slv
Canovski	properNoun	hbs	Canovski	properNoun	slv
Carinski	properNoun	hbs	Carinski	properNoun	slv
Čemerski	properNoun	hbs	Čemerski	properNoun	slv
Cerovski	properNoun	hbs	Cerovski	properNoun	slv
Čičevski	properNoun	hbs	Čičevski	properNoun	slv
Čočorovski	properNoun	hbs	Čočorovski	properNoun	slv
Čokrevski	properNoun	hbs	Čokrevski	properNoun	slv
Čolakovski	properNoun	hbs	Čolakovski	properNoun	slv
Colkovski	properNoun	hbs	Colkovski	properNoun	slv
Crvenkovski	properNoun	hbs	Crvenkovski	properNoun	slv
Crvenovski	properNoun	hbs	Crvenovski	properNoun	slv
Cvetanovski	properNoun	hbs	Cvetanovski	properNoun	slv
Cvetkoski	properNoun	hbs	Cvetkoski	properNoun	slv
Dabeski	properNoun	hbs	Dabeski	properNoun	slv
Damjanovski	properNoun	hbs	Damjanovski	properNoun	slv
Daravelski	properNoun	hbs	Daravelski	properNoun	slv
Daštevski	properNoun	hbs	Daštevski	properNoun	slv
Demirovski	properNoun	hbs	Demirovski	properNoun	slv
Denski	properNoun	hbs	Denski	properNoun	slv
Dimovski	properNoun	hbs	Dimovski	properNoun	slv
Dimuševski	properNoun	hbs	Dimuševski	properNoun	slv
Dobrijanski	properNoun	hbs	Dobrijanski	properNoun	slv
Dodovski	properNoun	hbs	Dodovski	properNoun	slv
Dostoevski	properNoun	hbs	Dostoevski	properNoun	slv
Dramski	properNoun	hbs	Dramski	properNoun	slv
Dukovski	properNoun	hbs	Dukovski	properNoun	slv
Đurčevski	properNoun	hbs	Đurčevski	properNoun	slv
Đurovski	properNoun	hbs	Đurovski	properNoun	slv
Dvorzinski	properNoun	hbs	Dvorzinski	properNoun	slv
Elenovski	properNoun	hbs	Elenovski	properNoun	slv
Filipovski	properNoun	hbs	Filipovski	properNoun	slv
Frčkovski	properNoun	hbs	Frčkovski	properNoun	slv
Frčovski	properNoun	hbs	Frčovski	properNoun	slv
Fudbalski	properNoun	hbs	Fudbalski	properNoun	slv
Gabrovski	properNoun	hbs	Gabrovski	properNoun	slv
Gagovski	properNoun	hbs	Gagovski	properNoun	slv
Gajdarski	properNoun	hbs	Gajdarski	properNoun	slv
Galazovski	properNoun	hbs	Galazovski	properNoun	slv
Galevski	properNoun	hbs	Galevski	properNoun	slv
Ganecovski	properNoun	hbs	Ganecovski	properNoun	slv
Gavrijski	properNoun	hbs	Gavrijski	properNoun	slv
Gelevski	properNoun	hbs	Gelevski	properNoun	slv
Georgievski	properNoun	hbs	Georgievski	properNoun	slv
Gerasimovski	properNoun	hbs	Gerasimovski	properNoun	slv
Geštakovski	properNoun	hbs	Geštakovski	properNoun	slv
Grozdanovski	properNoun	hbs	Grozdanovski	properNoun	slv
Gruevski	properNoun	hbs	Gruevski	properNoun	slv
Gusinski	properNoun	hbs	Gusinski	properNoun	slv
Hilendarski	properNoun	hbs	Hilendarski	properNoun	slv
Ilievski	properNoun	hbs	Ilievski	properNoun	slv
Ivanovski	properNoun	hbs	Ivanovski	properNoun	slv
Jakimovski	properNoun	hbs	Jakimovski	properNoun	slv
Janakieski	properNoun	hbs	Janakieski	properNoun	slv
Janakievski	properNoun	hbs	Janakievski	properNoun	slv
Janevski	properNoun	hbs	Janevski	properNoun	slv
Jankulovski	properNoun	hbs	Jankulovski	properNoun	slv
Jolevski	properNoun	hbs	Jolevski	properNoun	slv
Jordanovski	properNoun	hbs	Jordanovski	properNoun	slv
Josifovski	properNoun	hbs	Josifovski	properNoun	slv
Jovanovski	properNoun	hbs	Jovanovski	properNoun	slv
Kambovski	properNoun	hbs	Kambovski	properNoun	slv
Kamski	properNoun	hbs	Kamski	properNoun	slv
Kanarski	properNoun	hbs	Kanarski	properNoun	slv
Kazijski	properNoun	hbs	Kazijski	properNoun	slv
Kažinski	properNoun	hbs	Kažinski	properNoun	slv
Kaziski	properNoun	hbs	Kaziski	properNoun	slv
Keskovski	properNoun	hbs	Keskovski	properNoun	slv
Kišlovski	properNoun	hbs	Kišlovski	properNoun	slv
Kitanovski	properNoun	hbs	Kitanovski	properNoun	slv
Kizierovski	properNoun	hbs	Kizierovski	properNoun	slv
Klimovski	properNoun	hbs	Klimovski	properNoun	slv
Koburgski	properNoun	hbs	Koburgski	properNoun	slv
Kočovski	properNoun	hbs	Kočovski	properNoun	slv
Kokunešoski	properNoun	hbs	Kokunešoski	properNoun	slv
Kolakovski	properNoun	hbs	Kolakovski	properNoun	slv
Kolarski	properNoun	hbs	Kolarski	properNoun	slv
Komitski	properNoun	hbs	Komitski	properNoun	slv
Kondovski	properNoun	hbs	Kondovski	properNoun	slv
Konjanovski	properNoun	hbs	Konjanovski	properNoun	slv
Kostovski	properNoun	hbs	Kostovski	properNoun	slv
Kotevski	properNoun	hbs	Kotevski	properNoun	slv
Krstevski	properNoun	hbs	Krstevski	properNoun	slv
Kuculovski	properNoun	hbs	Kuculovski	properNoun	slv
Kvasnievski	properNoun	hbs	Kvasnievski	properNoun	slv
Kvašnjevski	properNoun	hbs	Kvašnjevski	properNoun	slv
Lavroski	properNoun	hbs	Lavroski	properNoun	slv
Lazanski	properNoun	hbs	Lazanski	properNoun	slv
Lazarovski	properNoun	hbs	Lazarovski	properNoun	slv
Lazinski	properNoun	hbs	Lazinski	properNoun	slv
Lečevski	properNoun	hbs	Lečevski	properNoun	slv
Leštanski	properNoun	hbs	Leštanski	properNoun	slv
Levski	properNoun	hbs	Levski	properNoun	slv
Malakovski	properNoun	hbs	Malakovski	properNoun	slv
Malevski	properNoun	hbs	Malevski	properNoun	slv
Malinovski	properNoun	hbs	Malinovski	properNoun	slv
Manasievski	properNoun	hbs	Manasievski	properNoun	slv
Manasijevski	properNoun	hbs	Manasijevski	properNoun	slv
Mančevski	properNoun	hbs	Mančevski	properNoun	slv
Manevski	properNoun	hbs	Manevski	properNoun	slv
Marinski	properNoun	hbs	Marinski	properNoun	slv
Markovski	properNoun	hbs	Markovski	properNoun	slv
Martinoski	properNoun	hbs	Martinoski	properNoun	slv
Matevski	properNoun	hbs	Matevski	properNoun	slv
Mediumski	properNoun	hbs	Mediumski	properNoun	slv
MekKloski	properNoun	hbs	MekKloski	properNoun	slv
Menkinovski	properNoun	hbs	Menkinovski	properNoun	slv
Mihajlovski	properNoun	hbs	Mihajlovski	properNoun	slv
Miladinovski	properNoun	hbs	Miladinovski	properNoun	slv
Milenkovski	properNoun	hbs	Milenkovski	properNoun	slv
Miloševski	properNoun	hbs	Miloševski	properNoun	slv
Milošoski	properNoun	hbs	Milošoski	properNoun	slv
Minkovski	properNoun	hbs	Minkovski	properNoun	slv
Mišačkovski	properNoun	hbs	Mišačkovski	properNoun	slv
Mitevski	properNoun	hbs	Mitevski	properNoun	slv
Mitrevski	properNoun	hbs	Mitrevski	properNoun	slv
Mitrićeski	properNoun	hbs	Mitrićeski	properNoun	slv
Mitrovski	properNoun	hbs	Mitrovski	properNoun	slv
Mladenovski	properNoun	hbs	Mladenovski	properNoun	slv
Mladinski	properNoun	hbs	Mladinski	properNoun	slv
Mučunski	properNoun	hbs	Mučunski	properNoun	slv
Muličkovski	properNoun	hbs	Muličkovski	properNoun	slv
Muratovski	properNoun	hbs	Muratovski	properNoun	slv
Muševski	properNoun	hbs	Muševski	properNoun	slv
Najdenovski	properNoun	hbs	Najdenovski	properNoun	slv
Najdovski	properNoun	hbs	Najdovski	properNoun	slv
Naumovski	properNoun	hbs	Naumovski	properNoun	slv
Nešovski	properNoun	hbs	Nešovski	properNoun	slv
Nestorovski	properNoun	hbs	Nestorovski	properNoun	slv
Nevski	properNoun	hbs	Nevski	properNoun	slv
Nikolovski	properNoun	hbs	Nikolovski	properNoun	slv
Nikovski	properNoun	hbs	Nikovski	properNoun	slv
Novakovski	properNoun	hbs	Novakovski	properNoun	slv
Novopazarski	properNoun	hbs	Novopazarski	properNoun	slv
Ordanoski	properNoun	hbs	Ordanoski	properNoun	slv
Orešarski	properNoun	hbs	Orešarski	properNoun	slv
Panevski	properNoun	hbs	Panevski	properNoun	slv
Partiski	properNoun	hbs	Partiski	properNoun	slv
Patarovski	properNoun	hbs	Patarovski	properNoun	slv
Paunovski	properNoun	hbs	Paunovski	properNoun	slv
Pavlovski	properNoun	hbs	Pavlovski	properNoun	slv
Peevski	properNoun	hbs	Peevski	properNoun	slv
Peloponeski	properNoun	hbs	Peloponeski	properNoun	slv
Pelovski	properNoun	hbs	Pelovski	properNoun	slv
Pendarovski	properNoun	hbs	Pendarovski	properNoun	slv
Peševski	properNoun	hbs	Peševski	properNoun	slv
Petkovski	properNoun	hbs	Petkovski	properNoun	slv
Petreski	properNoun	hbs	Petreski	properNoun	slv
Petrevski	properNoun	hbs	Petrevski	properNoun	slv
Petroski	properNoun	hbs	Petroski	properNoun	slv
Petrovski	properNoun	hbs	Petrovski	properNoun	slv
Petruševski	properNoun	hbs	Petruševski	properNoun	slv
Piranski	properNoun	hbs	Piranski	properNoun	slv
Pirinski	properNoun	hbs	Pirinski	properNoun	slv
Polanski	properNoun	hbs	Polanski	properNoun	slv
Posavski	properNoun	hbs	Posavski	properNoun	slv
Prčevski	properNoun	hbs	Prčevski	properNoun	slv
Proevski	properNoun	hbs	Proevski	properNoun	slv
Projkovski	properNoun	hbs	Projkovski	properNoun	slv
Prošenski	properNoun	hbs	Prošenski	properNoun	slv
Puhovski	properNoun	hbs	Puhovski	properNoun	slv
Puninski	properNoun	hbs	Puninski	properNoun	slv
Rasinski	properNoun	hbs	Rasinski	properNoun	slv
Raštanski	properNoun	hbs	Raštanski	properNoun	slv
Risovski	properNoun	hbs	Risovski	properNoun	slv
Risteski	properNoun	hbs	Risteski	properNoun	slv
Ristevski	properNoun	hbs	Ristevski	properNoun	slv
Rohatinski	properNoun	hbs	Rohatinski	properNoun	slv
Romanski	properNoun	hbs	Romanski	properNoun	slv
Rozvadovski	properNoun	hbs	Rozvadovski	properNoun	slv
Ruskovski	properNoun	hbs	Ruskovski	properNoun	slv
Ruzinski	properNoun	hbs	Ruzinski	properNoun	slv
Saksoburgotski	properNoun	hbs	Saksoburgotski	properNoun	slv
Samardžioski	properNoun	hbs	Samardžioski	properNoun	slv
Šambevski	properNoun	hbs	Šambevski	properNoun	slv
Sandanski	properNoun	hbs	Sandanski	properNoun	slv
Šarevski	properNoun	hbs	Šarevski	properNoun	slv
Saržoski	properNoun	hbs	Saržoski	properNoun	slv
Saкskoburgotski	properNoun	hbs	Saкskoburgotski	properNoun	slv
Sekulovski	properNoun	hbs	Sekulovski	properNoun	slv
Serafimovski	properNoun	hbs	Serafimovski	properNoun	slv
Sevlievski	properNoun	hbs	Sevlievski	properNoun	slv
Ševlievski	properNoun	hbs	Ševlievski	properNoun	slv
Simonovski	properNoun	hbs	Simonovski	properNoun	slv
Skordovski	properNoun	hbs	Skordovski	properNoun	slv
Slavenski	properNoun	hbs	Slavenski	properNoun	slv
Slaveski	properNoun	hbs	Slaveski	properNoun	slv
Slavevski	properNoun	hbs	Slavevski	properNoun	slv
Slavonski	properNoun	hbs	Slavonski	properNoun	slv
Smilenski	properNoun	hbs	Smilenski	properNoun	slv
Smilevski	properNoun	hbs	Smilevski	properNoun	slv
Smoravinski	properNoun	hbs	Smoravinski	properNoun	slv
Sofijanski	properNoun	hbs	Sofijanski	properNoun	slv
Spasenovski	properNoun	hbs	Spasenovski	properNoun	slv
Spasovski	properNoun	hbs	Spasovski	properNoun	slv
Stamboliski	properNoun	hbs	Stamboliski	properNoun	slv
Stankovski	properNoun	hbs	Stankovski	properNoun	slv
Stanojkovski	properNoun	hbs	Stanojkovski	properNoun	slv
Stavijski	properNoun	hbs	Stavijski	properNoun	slv
Staviski	properNoun	hbs	Staviski	properNoun	slv
Stavreski	properNoun	hbs	Stavreski	properNoun	slv
Stavrevski	properNoun	hbs	Stavrevski	properNoun	slv
Stefanovski	properNoun	hbs	Stefanovski	properNoun	slv
Stepanuleski	properNoun	hbs	Stepanuleski	properNoun	slv
Stojanovski	properNoun	hbs	Stojanovski	properNoun	slv
Stojčevski	properNoun	hbs	Stojčevski	properNoun	slv
Stojkoski	properNoun	hbs	Stojkoski	properNoun	slv
Stojkovski	properNoun	hbs	Stojkovski	properNoun	slv
Stojmenovski	properNoun	hbs	Stojmenovski	properNoun	slv
Stranski	properNoun	hbs	Stranski	properNoun	slv
Strezovski	properNoun	hbs	Strezovski	properNoun	slv
Šulajkovski	properNoun	hbs	Šulajkovski	properNoun	slv
Šumkovski	properNoun	hbs	Šumkovski	properNoun	slv
Svietelski	properNoun	hbs	Svietelski	properNoun	slv
Talevski	properNoun	hbs	Talevski	properNoun	slv
Taneski	properNoun	hbs	Taneski	properNoun	slv
Tanevski	properNoun	hbs	Tanevski	properNoun	slv
Tanuševski	properNoun	hbs	Tanuševski	properNoun	slv
Tarčulovski	properNoun	hbs	Tarčulovski	properNoun	slv
Teodosievski	properNoun	hbs	Teodosievski	properNoun	slv
Todorovski	properNoun	hbs	Todorovski	properNoun	slv
Trajčevski	properNoun	hbs	Trajčevski	properNoun	slv
Trajkovski	properNoun	hbs	Trajkovski	properNoun	slv
Trifunovski	properNoun	hbs	Trifunovski	properNoun	slv
Trpčeski	properNoun	hbs	Trpčeski	properNoun	slv
Trpčevski	properNoun	hbs	Trpčevski	properNoun	slv
Trpenovski	properNoun	hbs	Trpenovski	properNoun	slv
Trpeski	properNoun	hbs	Trpeski	properNoun	slv
Trpevski	properNoun	hbs	Trpevski	properNoun	slv
Tružinski	properNoun	hbs	Tružinski	properNoun	slv
Tupurkovski	properNoun	hbs	Tupurkovski	properNoun	slv
Tuzlanski	properNoun	hbs	Tuzlanski	properNoun	slv
Ugrinovski	properNoun	hbs	Ugrinovski	properNoun	slv
Unkovski	properNoun	hbs	Unkovski	properNoun	slv
Vasilevski	properNoun	hbs	Vasilevski	properNoun	slv
Važikovski	properNoun	hbs	Važikovski	properNoun	slv
Velinovski	properNoun	hbs	Velinovski	properNoun	slv
Veljanovski	properNoun	hbs	Veljanovski	properNoun	slv
Veruševski	properNoun	hbs	Veruševski	properNoun	slv
Vinodolski	properNoun	hbs	Vinodolski	properNoun	slv
Vistinski	properNoun	hbs	Vistinski	properNoun	slv
Vraniškovski	properNoun	hbs	Vraniškovski	properNoun	slv
Vrčakovski	properNoun	hbs	Vrčakovski	properNoun	slv
Vukovarski	properNoun	hbs	Vukovarski	properNoun	slv
Zafirovski	properNoun	hbs	Zafirovski	properNoun	slv
Žernovski	properNoun	hbs	Žernovski	properNoun	slv
Krneta	properNoun	hbs	Krneta	properNoun	slv
Berisha	properNoun	hbs	Berisha	properNoun	slv
Borisov	properNoun	hbs	Borisov	properNoun	slv
Botev	properNoun	hbs	Botev	properNoun	slv
Bulgakov	properNoun	hbs	Bulgakov	properNoun	slv
Dimitrov	properNoun	hbs	Dimitrov	properNoun	slv
Erdogan	properNoun	hbs	Erdogan	properNoun	slv
Georgiev	properNoun	hbs	Georgiev	properNoun	slv
Ivanov	properNoun	hbs	Ivanov	properNoun	slv
Kostov	properNoun	hbs	Kostov	properNoun	slv
Lavrov	properNoun	hbs	Lavrov	properNoun	slv
Parvanov	properNoun	hbs	Parvanov	properNoun	slv
Petkov	properNoun	hbs	Petkov	properNoun	slv
Petrov	properNoun	hbs	Petrov	properNoun	slv
Popov	properNoun	hbs	Popov	properNoun	slv
Rexhepi	properNoun	hbs	Rexhepi	properNoun	slv
Sadik	properNoun	hbs	Sadik	properNoun	slv
Stanišev	properNoun	hbs	Stanišev	properNoun	slv
Velčev	properNoun	hbs	Velčev	properNoun	slv
Žečev	properNoun	hbs	Žečev	properNoun	slv
Romov	properNoun	hbs	Romov	properNoun	slv
Aaronson	properNoun	hbs	Aaronson	properNoun	slv
Albreht	properNoun	hbs	Albreht	properNoun	slv
Aljaž	properNoun	hbs	Aljaž	properNoun	slv
Ambrož	properNoun	hbs	Ambrož	properNoun	slv
Armstrong	properNoun	hbs	Armstrong	properNoun	slv
Bach	properNoun	hbs	Bach	properNoun	slv
Bailey	properNoun	hbs	Bailey	properNoun	slv
Bavčar	properNoun	hbs	Bavčar	properNoun	slv
Bizjak	properNoun	hbs	Bizjak	properNoun	slv
Borštner	properNoun	hbs	Borštner	properNoun	slv
Borštnik	properNoun	hbs	Borštnik	properNoun	slv
Byron	properNoun	hbs	Byron	properNoun	slv
Cankar	properNoun	hbs	Cankar	properNoun	slv
Cezar	properNoun	hbs	Cezar	properNoun	slv
Chaucer	properNoun	hbs	Chaucer	properNoun	slv
Churchill	properNoun	hbs	Churchill	properNoun	slv
Clinton	properNoun	hbs	Clinton	properNoun	slv
Cromwell	properNoun	hbs	Cromwell	properNoun	slv
Darwin	properNoun	hbs	Darwin	properNoun	slv
Debelak	properNoun	hbs	Debelak	properNoun	slv
Demšar	properNoun	hbs	Demšar	properNoun	slv
Dickens	properNoun	hbs	Dickens	properNoun	slv
Dobrajc	properNoun	hbs	Dobrajc	properNoun	slv
Dostojevski	properNoun	hbs	Dostojevski	properNoun	slv
Dragan	properNoun	hbs	Dragan	properNoun	slv
Drnovšek	properNoun	hbs	Drnovšek	properNoun	slv
Edison	properNoun	hbs	Edison	properNoun	slv
Einstein	properNoun	hbs	Einstein	properNoun	slv
Franca	properNoun	hbs	Franca	properNoun	slv
Freud	properNoun	hbs	Freud	properNoun	slv
Gaspari	properNoun	hbs	Gaspari	properNoun	slv
Geržina	properNoun	hbs	Geržina	properNoun	slv
Goldstein	properNoun	hbs	Goldstein	properNoun	slv
Grant	properNoun	hbs	Grant	properNoun	slv
Hafner	properNoun	hbs	Hafner	properNoun	slv
Hitler	properNoun	hbs	Hitler	properNoun	slv
Hočevar	properNoun	hbs	Hočevar	properNoun	slv
Janko	properNoun	hbs	Janko	properNoun	slv
Janša	properNoun	hbs	Janša	properNoun	slv
Jefferson	properNoun	hbs	Jefferson	properNoun	slv
Jelinčič	properNoun	hbs	Jelinčič	properNoun	slv
Župančič	properNoun	hbs	Župančič	properNoun	slv
Jones	properNoun	hbs	Jones	properNoun	slv
Kant	properNoun	hbs	Kant	properNoun	slv
Kavčič	properNoun	hbs	Kavčič	properNoun	slv
Kocjan	properNoun	hbs	Kocjan	properNoun	slv
Kolumb	properNoun	hbs	Kolumb	properNoun	slv
Krek	properNoun	hbs	Krek	properNoun	slv
Kučan	properNoun	hbs	Kučan	properNoun	slv
Lah	properNoun	hbs	Lah	properNoun	slv
Ludvik	properNoun	hbs	Ludvik	properNoun	slv
Magellan	properNoun	hbs	Magellan	properNoun	slv
Marx	properNoun	hbs	Marx	properNoun	slv
Matuš	properNoun	hbs	Matuš	properNoun	slv
Maver	properNoun	hbs	Maver	properNoun	slv
Milton	properNoun	hbs	Milton	properNoun	slv
Miro	properNoun	hbs	Miro	properNoun	slv
Marko	properNoun	hbs	Marko	properNoun	slv
Janko	properNoun	hbs	Janko	properNoun	slv
Mlakar	properNoun	hbs	Mlakar	properNoun	slv
Nobel	properNoun	hbs	Nobel	properNoun	slv
Novak	properNoun	hbs	Novak	properNoun	slv
O'Brien	properNoun	hbs	O'Brien	properNoun	slv
Parsons	properNoun	hbs	Parsons	properNoun	slv
Pečan	properNoun	hbs	Pečan	properNoun	slv
Pilat	properNoun	hbs	Pilat	properNoun	slv
Plečnik	properNoun	hbs	Plečnik	properNoun	slv
Plut	properNoun	hbs	Plut	properNoun	slv
Poljšak	properNoun	hbs	Poljšak	properNoun	slv
Požarnik	properNoun	hbs	Požarnik	properNoun	slv
Prešeren	properNoun	hbs	Prešeren	properNoun	slv
Pretnar	properNoun	hbs	Pretnar	properNoun	slv
Pukl	properNoun	hbs	Pukl	properNoun	slv
Puškin	properNoun	hbs	Puškin	properNoun	slv
Ravnikar	properNoun	hbs	Ravnikar	properNoun	slv
Rejc	properNoun	hbs	Rejc	properNoun	slv
Romih	properNoun	hbs	Romih	properNoun	slv
Rus	properNoun	hbs	Rus	properNoun	slv
Rusjan	properNoun	hbs	Rusjan	properNoun	slv
Rutherford	properNoun	hbs	Rutherford	properNoun	slv
Shakespeare	properNoun	hbs	Shakespeare	properNoun	slv
Sisinger	properNoun	hbs	Sisinger	properNoun	slv
Sitar	properNoun	hbs	Sitar	properNoun	slv
Smith	properNoun	hbs	Smith	properNoun	slv
Swift	properNoun	hbs	Swift	properNoun	slv
Tancig	properNoun	hbs	Tancig	properNoun	slv
Tillotson	properNoun	hbs	Tillotson	properNoun	slv
Tolstoj	properNoun	hbs	Tolstoj	properNoun	slv
Schulz	properNoun	hbs	Schulz	properNoun	slv
Malmström	properNoun	hbs	Malmström	properNoun	slv
Sarkozy	properNoun	hbs	Sarkozy	properNoun	slv
Tomšič	properNoun	hbs	Tomšič	properNoun	slv
Urban	properNoun	hbs	Urban	properNoun	slv
Valvasor	properNoun	hbs	Valvasor	properNoun	slv
Vidmar	properNoun	hbs	Vidmar	properNoun	slv
Vilfan	properNoun	hbs	Vilfan	properNoun	slv
Voltaire	properNoun	hbs	Voltaire	properNoun	slv
Washington	properNoun	hbs	Washington	properNoun	slv
Watson	properNoun	hbs	Watson	properNoun	slv
Williams	properNoun	hbs	Williams	properNoun	slv
Wilsher	properNoun	hbs	Wilsher	properNoun	slv
Wilson	properNoun	hbs	Wilson	properNoun	slv
Wright	properNoun	hbs	Wright	properNoun	slv
Zdovc	properNoun	hbs	Zdovc	properNoun	slv
Zupan	properNoun	hbs	Zupan	properNoun	slv
Abazović	properNoun	hbs	Abazović	properNoun	slv
Gorjanović	properNoun	hbs	Gorjanović	properNoun	slv
Kramberger	properNoun	hbs	Kramberger	properNoun	slv
Hušnjak	properNoun	hbs	Hušnjak	properNoun	slv
Abramović	properNoun	hbs	Abramović	properNoun	slv
Abrašević	properNoun	hbs	Abrašević	properNoun	slv
Acimović	properNoun	hbs	Acimović	properNoun	slv
Aćimović	properNoun	hbs	Aćimović	properNoun	slv
Adamović	properNoun	hbs	Adamović	properNoun	slv
Adlesić	properNoun	hbs	Adlesić	properNoun	slv
Adlešić	properNoun	hbs	Adlešić	properNoun	slv
Agotić	properNoun	hbs	Agotić	properNoun	slv
Ahmetagić	properNoun	hbs	Ahmetagić	properNoun	slv
Ajanović	properNoun	hbs	Ajanović	properNoun	slv
Ajduković	properNoun	hbs	Ajduković	properNoun	slv
Ajvanović	properNoun	hbs	Ajvanović	properNoun	slv
Alagić	properNoun	hbs	Alagić	properNoun	slv
Albijanić	properNoun	hbs	Albijanić	properNoun	slv
Aleksandrović	properNoun	hbs	Aleksandrović	properNoun	slv
Alibašić	properNoun	hbs	Alibašić	properNoun	slv
Alić	properNoun	hbs	Alić	properNoun	slv
Aligrudić	properNoun	hbs	Aligrudić	properNoun	slv
Alimpić	properNoun	hbs	Alimpić	properNoun	slv
Alispahić	properNoun	hbs	Alispahić	properNoun	slv
Anastasiejević	properNoun	hbs	Anastasiejević	properNoun	slv
Anastasijević	properNoun	hbs	Anastasijević	properNoun	slv
Ančić	properNoun	hbs	Ančić	properNoun	slv
Anđelković	properNoun	hbs	Anđelković	properNoun	slv
Andrić	properNoun	hbs	Andrić	properNoun	slv
Anić	properNoun	hbs	Anić	properNoun	slv
Antić	properNoun	hbs	Antić	properNoun	slv
Antićević	properNoun	hbs	Antićević	properNoun	slv
Antičević	properNoun	hbs	Antičević	properNoun	slv
Antonić	properNoun	hbs	Antonić	properNoun	slv
Antović	properNoun	hbs	Antović	properNoun	slv
Antunović	properNoun	hbs	Antunović	properNoun	slv
Arambašić	properNoun	hbs	Arambašić	properNoun	slv
Arapović	properNoun	hbs	Arapović	properNoun	slv
Arlović	properNoun	hbs	Arlović	properNoun	slv
Arsenijević	properNoun	hbs	Arsenijević	properNoun	slv
Arsenović	properNoun	hbs	Arsenović	properNoun	slv
Arsić	properNoun	hbs	Arsić	properNoun	slv
Arsović	properNoun	hbs	Arsović	properNoun	slv
Atanačković	properNoun	hbs	Atanačković	properNoun	slv
Atanasijević	properNoun	hbs	Atanasijević	properNoun	slv
Avdić	properNoun	hbs	Avdić	properNoun	slv
Avramović	properNoun	hbs	Avramović	properNoun	slv
Azirović	properNoun	hbs	Azirović	properNoun	slv
Babić	properNoun	hbs	Babić	properNoun	slv
Bačinović	properNoun	hbs	Bačinović	properNoun	slv
Backović	properNoun	hbs	Backović	properNoun	slv
Bačković	properNoun	hbs	Bačković	properNoun	slv
Badžiomerović	properNoun	hbs	Badžiomerović	properNoun	slv
Bagarić	properNoun	hbs	Bagarić	properNoun	slv
Bagić	properNoun	hbs	Bagić	properNoun	slv
Bajatović	properNoun	hbs	Bajatović	properNoun	slv
Bajić	properNoun	hbs	Bajić	properNoun	slv
Bajramović	properNoun	hbs	Bajramović	properNoun	slv
Bajrić	properNoun	hbs	Bajrić	properNoun	slv
Bakić	properNoun	hbs	Bakić	properNoun	slv
Baković	properNoun	hbs	Baković	properNoun	slv
Balić	properNoun	hbs	Balić	properNoun	slv
Baltazarević	properNoun	hbs	Baltazarević	properNoun	slv
Bandić	properNoun	hbs	Bandić	properNoun	slv
Banić	properNoun	hbs	Banić	properNoun	slv
Banović	properNoun	hbs	Banović	properNoun	slv
Barbarić	properNoun	hbs	Barbarić	properNoun	slv
Barčić	properNoun	hbs	Barčić	properNoun	slv
Barić	properNoun	hbs	Barić	properNoun	slv
Barišić	properNoun	hbs	Barišić	properNoun	slv
Barović	properNoun	hbs	Barović	properNoun	slv
Bašević	properNoun	hbs	Bašević	properNoun	slv
Bašić	properNoun	hbs	Bašić	properNoun	slv
Bataković	properNoun	hbs	Bataković	properNoun	slv
Batić	properNoun	hbs	Batić	properNoun	slv
Batinić	properNoun	hbs	Batinić	properNoun	slv
Batričević	properNoun	hbs	Batričević	properNoun	slv
Bebić	properNoun	hbs	Bebić	properNoun	slv
Bečibašić	properNoun	hbs	Bečibašić	properNoun	slv
Bečierbašić	properNoun	hbs	Bečierbašić	properNoun	slv
Bečiragić	properNoun	hbs	Bečiragić	properNoun	slv
Bečirbašić	properNoun	hbs	Bečirbašić	properNoun	slv
Bečirović	properNoun	hbs	Bečirović	properNoun	slv
Becović	properNoun	hbs	Becović	properNoun	slv
Begić	properNoun	hbs	Begić	properNoun	slv
Begović	properNoun	hbs	Begović	properNoun	slv
Begtašević	properNoun	hbs	Begtašević	properNoun	slv
Bejtić	properNoun	hbs	Bejtić	properNoun	slv
Bekić	properNoun	hbs	Bekić	properNoun	slv
Bekirbašić	properNoun	hbs	Bekirbašić	properNoun	slv
Beklević	properNoun	hbs	Beklević	properNoun	slv
Bektašević	properNoun	hbs	Bektašević	properNoun	slv
Belić	properNoun	hbs	Belić	properNoun	slv
Belkić	properNoun	hbs	Belkić	properNoun	slv
Berbić	properNoun	hbs	Berbić	properNoun	slv
Bešibašić	properNoun	hbs	Bešibašić	properNoun	slv
Besić	properNoun	hbs	Besić	properNoun	slv
Bešlić	properNoun	hbs	Bešlić	properNoun	slv
Bezarević	properNoun	hbs	Bezarević	properNoun	slv
Bičakčić	properNoun	hbs	Bičakčić	properNoun	slv
Bikić	properNoun	hbs	Bikić	properNoun	slv
Bilajbegović	properNoun	hbs	Bilajbegović	properNoun	slv
Bilić	properNoun	hbs	Bilić	properNoun	slv
Biščević	properNoun	hbs	Biščević	properNoun	slv
Bisić	properNoun	hbs	Bisić	properNoun	slv
Bišić	properNoun	hbs	Bišić	properNoun	slv
Biskupić	properNoun	hbs	Biskupić	properNoun	slv
Bjelić	properNoun	hbs	Bjelić	properNoun	slv
Blagaić	properNoun	hbs	Blagaić	properNoun	slv
Blagić	properNoun	hbs	Blagić	properNoun	slv
Blagojević	properNoun	hbs	Blagojević	properNoun	slv
Blaškić	properNoun	hbs	Blaškić	properNoun	slv
Blažević	properNoun	hbs	Blažević	properNoun	slv
Bljajić	properNoun	hbs	Bljajić	properNoun	slv
Bogdanić	properNoun	hbs	Bogdanić	properNoun	slv
Bogdanović	properNoun	hbs	Bogdanović	properNoun	slv
Bogičević	properNoun	hbs	Bogičević	properNoun	slv
Bogojević	properNoun	hbs	Bogojević	properNoun	slv
Bogosavljević	properNoun	hbs	Bogosavljević	properNoun	slv
Bogunović	properNoun	hbs	Bogunović	properNoun	slv
Bojević	properNoun	hbs	Bojević	properNoun	slv
Bojičić	properNoun	hbs	Bojičić	properNoun	slv
Bojović	properNoun	hbs	Bojović	properNoun	slv
Boroević	properNoun	hbs	Boroević	properNoun	slv
Bosić	properNoun	hbs	Bosić	properNoun	slv
Boškić	properNoun	hbs	Boškić	properNoun	slv
Bošković	properNoun	hbs	Bošković	properNoun	slv
Botić	properNoun	hbs	Botić	properNoun	slv
Bozanić	properNoun	hbs	Bozanić	properNoun	slv
Božanić	properNoun	hbs	Božanić	properNoun	slv
Božević	properNoun	hbs	Božević	properNoun	slv
Božić	properNoun	hbs	Božić	properNoun	slv
Božilović	properNoun	hbs	Božilović	properNoun	slv
Božinović	properNoun	hbs	Božinović	properNoun	slv
Boživić	properNoun	hbs	Boživić	properNoun	slv
Bozović	properNoun	hbs	Bozović	properNoun	slv
Božović	properNoun	hbs	Božović	properNoun	slv
Bračanović	properNoun	hbs	Bračanović	properNoun	slv
Bradić	properNoun	hbs	Bradić	properNoun	slv
Brajević	properNoun	hbs	Brajević	properNoun	slv
Brajković	properNoun	hbs	Brajković	properNoun	slv
Branković	properNoun	hbs	Branković	properNoun	slv
Brašnjević	properNoun	hbs	Brašnjević	properNoun	slv
Bratić	properNoun	hbs	Bratić	properNoun	slv
Brčić	properNoun	hbs	Brčić	properNoun	slv
Brdžić	properNoun	hbs	Brdžić	properNoun	slv
Bregović	properNoun	hbs	Bregović	properNoun	slv
Brkić	properNoun	hbs	Brkić	properNoun	slv
Brković	properNoun	hbs	Brković	properNoun	slv
Budiselić	properNoun	hbs	Budiselić	properNoun	slv
Bugarinović	properNoun	hbs	Bugarinović	properNoun	slv
Bujošević	properNoun	hbs	Bujošević	properNoun	slv
Bukejlović	properNoun	hbs	Bukejlović	properNoun	slv
Bukić	properNoun	hbs	Bukić	properNoun	slv
Bukumirić	properNoun	hbs	Bukumirić	properNoun	slv
Bukvić	properNoun	hbs	Bukvić	properNoun	slv
Bulaić	properNoun	hbs	Bulaić	properNoun	slv
Bulatović	properNoun	hbs	Bulatović	properNoun	slv
Bulić	properNoun	hbs	Bulić	properNoun	slv
Burić	properNoun	hbs	Burić	properNoun	slv
Butković	properNoun	hbs	Butković	properNoun	slv
Čacić	properNoun	hbs	Čacić	properNoun	slv
Čačić	properNoun	hbs	Čačić	properNoun	slv
Čanović	properNoun	hbs	Čanović	properNoun	slv
Čarapić	properNoun	hbs	Čarapić	properNoun	slv
Čatović	properNoun	hbs	Čatović	properNoun	slv
Čaušević	properNoun	hbs	Čaušević	properNoun	slv
Cavić	properNoun	hbs	Cavić	properNoun	slv
Čavić	properNoun	hbs	Čavić	properNoun	slv
Čekić	properNoun	hbs	Čekić	properNoun	slv
Ceković	properNoun	hbs	Ceković	properNoun	slv
Ćeleketić	properNoun	hbs	Ćeleketić	properNoun	slv
Čengić	properNoun	hbs	Čengić	properNoun	slv
Cenić	properNoun	hbs	Cenić	properNoun	slv
Čeranić	properNoun	hbs	Čeranić	properNoun	slv
Cerić	properNoun	hbs	Cerić	properNoun	slv
Čerić	properNoun	hbs	Čerić	properNoun	slv
Česić	properNoun	hbs	Česić	properNoun	slv
Češić	properNoun	hbs	Češić	properNoun	slv
Cetić	properNoun	hbs	Cetić	properNoun	slv
Cikotić	properNoun	hbs	Cikotić	properNoun	slv
Čikotić	properNoun	hbs	Čikotić	properNoun	slv
Cilić	properNoun	hbs	Cilić	properNoun	slv
Čilić	properNoun	hbs	Čilić	properNoun	slv
Čirić	properNoun	hbs	Čirić	properNoun	slv
Cirković	properNoun	hbs	Cirković	properNoun	slv
Ćirković	properNoun	hbs	Ćirković	properNoun	slv
Čobanković	properNoun	hbs	Čobanković	properNoun	slv
Čobanović	properNoun	hbs	Čobanović	properNoun	slv
Čolić	properNoun	hbs	Čolić	properNoun	slv
Čorić	properNoun	hbs	Čorić	properNoun	slv
Čosić	properNoun	hbs	Čosić	properNoun	slv
Čotrić	properNoun	hbs	Čotrić	properNoun	slv
Čović	properNoun	hbs	Čović	properNoun	slv
Crnić	properNoun	hbs	Crnić	properNoun	slv
Crnkić	properNoun	hbs	Crnkić	properNoun	slv
Crnojević	properNoun	hbs	Crnojević	properNoun	slv
Crvenković	properNoun	hbs	Crvenković	properNoun	slv
Čubrilović	properNoun	hbs	Čubrilović	properNoun	slv
Čučić	properNoun	hbs	Čučić	properNoun	slv
Cukarić	properNoun	hbs	Cukarić	properNoun	slv
Čukarić	properNoun	hbs	Čukarić	properNoun	slv
Čukotić	properNoun	hbs	Čukotić	properNoun	slv
Čurčić	properNoun	hbs	Čurčić	properNoun	slv
Čurić	properNoun	hbs	Čurić	properNoun	slv
Čuričić	properNoun	hbs	Čuričić	properNoun	slv
Čurković	properNoun	hbs	Čurković	properNoun	slv
Cvetković	properNoun	hbs	Cvetković	properNoun	slv
Cvijanović	properNoun	hbs	Cvijanović	properNoun	slv
Cvijović	properNoun	hbs	Cvijović	properNoun	slv
Cvitanović	properNoun	hbs	Cvitanović	properNoun	slv
Cvitešić	properNoun	hbs	Cvitešić	properNoun	slv
Cvjetanović	properNoun	hbs	Cvjetanović	properNoun	slv
Dabić	properNoun	hbs	Dabić	properNoun	slv
Dačić	properNoun	hbs	Dačić	properNoun	slv
Dadić	properNoun	hbs	Dadić	properNoun	slv
Dakić	properNoun	hbs	Dakić	properNoun	slv
Đaković	properNoun	hbs	Đaković	properNoun	slv
Dalibašić	properNoun	hbs	Dalibašić	properNoun	slv
Dalić	properNoun	hbs	Dalić	properNoun	slv
Damjanović	properNoun	hbs	Damjanović	properNoun	slv
Danilović	properNoun	hbs	Danilović	properNoun	slv
Đanković	properNoun	hbs	Đanković	properNoun	slv
Dapić	properNoun	hbs	Dapić	properNoun	slv
Đapić	properNoun	hbs	Đapić	properNoun	slv
Darvić	properNoun	hbs	Darvić	properNoun	slv
Dautbašić	properNoun	hbs	Dautbašić	properNoun	slv
Dautović	properNoun	hbs	Dautović	properNoun	slv
Davidović	properNoun	hbs	Davidović	properNoun	slv
Davinić	properNoun	hbs	Davinić	properNoun	slv
Davirović	properNoun	hbs	Davirović	properNoun	slv
Dedović	properNoun	hbs	Dedović	properNoun	slv
Dejanović	properNoun	hbs	Dejanović	properNoun	slv
Dekanić	properNoun	hbs	Dekanić	properNoun	slv
Deković	properNoun	hbs	Deković	properNoun	slv
Delalić	properNoun	hbs	Delalić	properNoun	slv
Delević	properNoun	hbs	Delević	properNoun	slv
Delić	properNoun	hbs	Delić	properNoun	slv
Đelić	properNoun	hbs	Đelić	properNoun	slv
Delimustafić	properNoun	hbs	Delimustafić	properNoun	slv
Demirđić	properNoun	hbs	Demirđić	properNoun	slv
Demirović	properNoun	hbs	Demirović	properNoun	slv
Derić	properNoun	hbs	Derić	properNoun	slv
Đerić	properNoun	hbs	Đerić	properNoun	slv
Derković	properNoun	hbs	Derković	properNoun	slv
Đerković	properNoun	hbs	Đerković	properNoun	slv
Deronić	properNoun	hbs	Deronić	properNoun	slv
Deronjić	properNoun	hbs	Deronjić	properNoun	slv
Dervišević	properNoun	hbs	Dervišević	properNoun	slv
Despanić	properNoun	hbs	Despanić	properNoun	slv
Despotović	properNoun	hbs	Despotović	properNoun	slv
Devčić	properNoun	hbs	Devčić	properNoun	slv
Dević	properNoun	hbs	Dević	properNoun	slv
Dičić	properNoun	hbs	Dičić	properNoun	slv
Đidić	properNoun	hbs	Đidić	properNoun	slv
Đikanović	properNoun	hbs	Đikanović	properNoun	slv
Dikić	properNoun	hbs	Dikić	properNoun	slv
Đikić	properNoun	hbs	Đikić	properNoun	slv
Diković	properNoun	hbs	Diković	properNoun	slv
Dilberović	properNoun	hbs	Dilberović	properNoun	slv
Đilerdžić	properNoun	hbs	Đilerdžić	properNoun	slv
Dilparić	properNoun	hbs	Dilparić	properNoun	slv
Dimitriević	properNoun	hbs	Dimitriević	properNoun	slv
Dimitrijević	properNoun	hbs	Dimitrijević	properNoun	slv
Đinđić	properNoun	hbs	Đinđić	properNoun	slv
Đinić	properNoun	hbs	Đinić	properNoun	slv
Dinkić	properNoun	hbs	Dinkić	properNoun	slv
Dizdarević	properNoun	hbs	Dizdarević	properNoun	slv
Djelić	properNoun	hbs	Djelić	properNoun	slv
Djerić	properNoun	hbs	Djerić	properNoun	slv
Dodić	properNoun	hbs	Dodić	properNoun	slv
Đogović	properNoun	hbs	Đogović	properNoun	slv
Dokić	properNoun	hbs	Dokić	properNoun	slv
Đokić	properNoun	hbs	Đokić	properNoun	slv
Dokmanović	properNoun	hbs	Dokmanović	properNoun	slv
Đoković	properNoun	hbs	Đoković	properNoun	slv
Dominković	properNoun	hbs	Dominković	properNoun	slv
Đorđević	properNoun	hbs	Đorđević	properNoun	slv
Dostanić	properNoun	hbs	Dostanić	properNoun	slv
Dragić	properNoun	hbs	Dragić	properNoun	slv
Dragićević	properNoun	hbs	Dragićević	properNoun	slv
Dragičević	properNoun	hbs	Dragičević	properNoun	slv
Dragišić	properNoun	hbs	Dragišić	properNoun	slv
Dragojević	properNoun	hbs	Dragojević	properNoun	slv
Dragović	properNoun	hbs	Dragović	properNoun	slv
Dragutinović	properNoun	hbs	Dragutinović	properNoun	slv
Drakulić	properNoun	hbs	Drakulić	properNoun	slv
Drašković	properNoun	hbs	Drašković	properNoun	slv
Draženović	properNoun	hbs	Draženović	properNoun	slv
Dreković	properNoun	hbs	Dreković	properNoun	slv
Dresević	properNoun	hbs	Dresević	properNoun	slv
Drljević	properNoun	hbs	Drljević	properNoun	slv
Dropulić	properNoun	hbs	Dropulić	properNoun	slv
Dršković	properNoun	hbs	Dršković	properNoun	slv
Držić	properNoun	hbs	Držić	properNoun	slv
Dubajić	properNoun	hbs	Dubajić	properNoun	slv
Dudaković	properNoun	hbs	Dudaković	properNoun	slv
Dudić	properNoun	hbs	Dudić	properNoun	slv
Dugalić	properNoun	hbs	Dugalić	properNoun	slv
Duić	properNoun	hbs	Duić	properNoun	slv
Đujanović	properNoun	hbs	Đujanović	properNoun	slv
Dujarić	properNoun	hbs	Dujarić	properNoun	slv
Dujković	properNoun	hbs	Dujković	properNoun	slv
Dujović	properNoun	hbs	Dujović	properNoun	slv
Đukanović	properNoun	hbs	Đukanović	properNoun	slv
Dukić	properNoun	hbs	Dukić	properNoun	slv
Đukić	properNoun	hbs	Đukić	properNoun	slv
Đuknović	properNoun	hbs	Đuknović	properNoun	slv
Dulić	properNoun	hbs	Dulić	properNoun	slv
Dumančić	properNoun	hbs	Dumančić	properNoun	slv
Dumić	properNoun	hbs	Dumić	properNoun	slv
Dunić	properNoun	hbs	Dunić	properNoun	slv
Duraković	properNoun	hbs	Duraković	properNoun	slv
Đurđević	properNoun	hbs	Đurđević	properNoun	slv
Đurđić	properNoun	hbs	Đurđić	properNoun	slv
Đuretić	properNoun	hbs	Đuretić	properNoun	slv
Durić	properNoun	hbs	Durić	properNoun	slv
Đurić	properNoun	hbs	Đurić	properNoun	slv
Đurković	properNoun	hbs	Đurković	properNoun	slv
Durović	properNoun	hbs	Durović	properNoun	slv
Đurović	properNoun	hbs	Đurović	properNoun	slv
Dušanić	properNoun	hbs	Dušanić	properNoun	slv
Džaferović	properNoun	hbs	Džaferović	properNoun	slv
Dželić	properNoun	hbs	Dželić	properNoun	slv
Džidić	properNoun	hbs	Džidić	properNoun	slv
Džihanović	properNoun	hbs	Džihanović	properNoun	slv
Džinić	properNoun	hbs	Džinić	properNoun	slv
Džoić	properNoun	hbs	Džoić	properNoun	slv
Džokić	properNoun	hbs	Džokić	properNoun	slv
Džombić	properNoun	hbs	Džombić	properNoun	slv
Džudžević	properNoun	hbs	Džudžević	properNoun	slv
Džukanović	properNoun	hbs	Džukanović	properNoun	slv
Efendić	properNoun	hbs	Efendić	properNoun	slv
Eminefendić	properNoun	hbs	Eminefendić	properNoun	slv
Erdemović	properNoun	hbs	Erdemović	properNoun	slv
Fazlić	properNoun	hbs	Fazlić	properNoun	slv
Fejzić	properNoun	hbs	Fejzić	properNoun	slv
Fetić	properNoun	hbs	Fetić	properNoun	slv
Filipović	properNoun	hbs	Filipović	properNoun	slv
Franić	properNoun	hbs	Franić	properNoun	slv
Franjić	properNoun	hbs	Franjić	properNoun	slv
Franović	properNoun	hbs	Franović	properNoun	slv
Friščić	properNoun	hbs	Friščić	properNoun	slv
Frković	properNoun	hbs	Frković	properNoun	slv
Gagić	properNoun	hbs	Gagić	properNoun	slv
Gagović	properNoun	hbs	Gagović	properNoun	slv
Gajović	properNoun	hbs	Gajović	properNoun	slv
Galić	properNoun	hbs	Galić	properNoun	slv
Galović	properNoun	hbs	Galović	properNoun	slv
Ganić	properNoun	hbs	Ganić	properNoun	slv
Gapić	properNoun	hbs	Gapić	properNoun	slv
Garić	properNoun	hbs	Garić	properNoun	slv
Gasović	properNoun	hbs	Gasović	properNoun	slv
Gasparović	properNoun	hbs	Gasparović	properNoun	slv
Gavrančić	properNoun	hbs	Gavrančić	properNoun	slv
Gavranić	properNoun	hbs	Gavranić	properNoun	slv
Gavrankapetanović	properNoun	hbs	Gavrankapetanović	properNoun	slv
Gavrić	properNoun	hbs	Gavrić	properNoun	slv
Gavrilović	properNoun	hbs	Gavrilović	properNoun	slv
Gazdić	properNoun	hbs	Gazdić	properNoun	slv
Gegić	properNoun	hbs	Gegić	properNoun	slv
Generalić	properNoun	hbs	Generalić	properNoun	slv
Gligorić	properNoun	hbs	Gligorić	properNoun	slv
Gligorović	properNoun	hbs	Gligorović	properNoun	slv
Glišić	properNoun	hbs	Glišić	properNoun	slv
Gojković	properNoun	hbs	Gojković	properNoun	slv
Golubović	properNoun	hbs	Golubović	properNoun	slv
Gospić	properNoun	hbs	Gospić	properNoun	slv
Grandić	properNoun	hbs	Grandić	properNoun	slv
Granić	properNoun	hbs	Granić	properNoun	slv
Grastić	properNoun	hbs	Grastić	properNoun	slv
Grbić	properNoun	hbs	Grbić	properNoun	slv
Grčić	properNoun	hbs	Grčić	properNoun	slv
Grdešić	properNoun	hbs	Grdešić	properNoun	slv
Grgić	properNoun	hbs	Grgić	properNoun	slv
Grivičić	properNoun	hbs	Grivičić	properNoun	slv
Grlić	properNoun	hbs	Grlić	properNoun	slv
Grubešić	properNoun	hbs	Grubešić	properNoun	slv
Grubišić	properNoun	hbs	Grubišić	properNoun	slv
Gruić	properNoun	hbs	Gruić	properNoun	slv
Grujić	properNoun	hbs	Grujić	properNoun	slv
Gudić	properNoun	hbs	Gudić	properNoun	slv
Gudurić	properNoun	hbs	Gudurić	properNoun	slv
Gundurić	properNoun	hbs	Gundurić	properNoun	slv
Gutić	properNoun	hbs	Gutić	properNoun	slv
Gvozdenović	properNoun	hbs	Gvozdenović	properNoun	slv
Hadžiabdić	properNoun	hbs	Hadžiabdić	properNoun	slv
Hadžiavdić	properNoun	hbs	Hadžiavdić	properNoun	slv
Hadžić	properNoun	hbs	Hadžić	properNoun	slv
Hadžihasanović	properNoun	hbs	Hadžihasanović	properNoun	slv
Hadžikapatanović	properNoun	hbs	Hadžikapatanović	properNoun	slv
Hadžimuhamedović	properNoun	hbs	Hadžimuhamedović	properNoun	slv
Hadžiomerović	properNoun	hbs	Hadžiomerović	properNoun	slv
Hadžipašić	properNoun	hbs	Hadžipašić	properNoun	slv
Hadžirušidović	properNoun	hbs	Hadžirušidović	properNoun	slv
Hafizović	properNoun	hbs	Hafizović	properNoun	slv
Hajduković	properNoun	hbs	Hajduković	properNoun	slv
Hajrić	properNoun	hbs	Hajrić	properNoun	slv
Hajrović	properNoun	hbs	Hajrović	properNoun	slv
Hajrulahović	properNoun	hbs	Hajrulahović	properNoun	slv
Halilović	properNoun	hbs	Halilović	properNoun	slv
Hamović	properNoun	hbs	Hamović	properNoun	slv
Handžić	properNoun	hbs	Handžić	properNoun	slv
Hasanagić	properNoun	hbs	Hasanagić	properNoun	slv
Hasanefendić	properNoun	hbs	Hasanefendić	properNoun	slv
Hasanović	properNoun	hbs	Hasanović	properNoun	slv
Hasečić	properNoun	hbs	Hasečić	properNoun	slv
Hašečić	properNoun	hbs	Hašečić	properNoun	slv
Hasimbegović	properNoun	hbs	Hasimbegović	properNoun	slv
Hodžić	properNoun	hbs	Hodžić	properNoun	slv
Horvatić	properNoun	hbs	Horvatić	properNoun	slv
Horvatović	properNoun	hbs	Horvatović	properNoun	slv
Hrustanović	properNoun	hbs	Hrustanović	properNoun	slv
Hubić	properNoun	hbs	Hubić	properNoun	slv
Huljić	properNoun	hbs	Huljić	properNoun	slv
Hurtić	properNoun	hbs	Hurtić	properNoun	slv
Husanović	properNoun	hbs	Husanović	properNoun	slv
Huseinović	properNoun	hbs	Huseinović	properNoun	slv
Husić	properNoun	hbs	Husić	properNoun	slv
Husienović	properNoun	hbs	Husienović	properNoun	slv
Huskić	properNoun	hbs	Huskić	properNoun	slv
Ibrahimagić	properNoun	hbs	Ibrahimagić	properNoun	slv
Ibrahimović	properNoun	hbs	Ibrahimović	properNoun	slv
Ibrahimpašić	properNoun	hbs	Ibrahimpašić	properNoun	slv
Ibrasagić	properNoun	hbs	Ibrasagić	properNoun	slv
Ignjatović	properNoun	hbs	Ignjatović	properNoun	slv
Ikanović	properNoun	hbs	Ikanović	properNoun	slv
Ikavonić	properNoun	hbs	Ikavonić	properNoun	slv
Ikonić	properNoun	hbs	Ikonić	properNoun	slv
Ilić	properNoun	hbs	Ilić	properNoun	slv
Ilijašević	properNoun	hbs	Ilijašević	properNoun	slv
Ilinčić	properNoun	hbs	Ilinčić	properNoun	slv
Imamović	properNoun	hbs	Imamović	properNoun	slv
Imanović	properNoun	hbs	Imanović	properNoun	slv
Imsirević	properNoun	hbs	Imsirević	properNoun	slv
Imvić	properNoun	hbs	Imvić	properNoun	slv
Ipsić	properNoun	hbs	Ipsić	properNoun	slv
Iribarnić	properNoun	hbs	Iribarnić	properNoun	slv
Isanović	properNoun	hbs	Isanović	properNoun	slv
Ivančević	properNoun	hbs	Ivančević	properNoun	slv
Ivančić	properNoun	hbs	Ivančić	properNoun	slv
Ivanić	properNoun	hbs	Ivanić	properNoun	slv
Ivanišević	properNoun	hbs	Ivanišević	properNoun	slv
Ivanković	properNoun	hbs	Ivanković	properNoun	slv
Ivanović	properNoun	hbs	Ivanović	properNoun	slv
Ivešić	properNoun	hbs	Ivešić	properNoun	slv
Ivezić	properNoun	hbs	Ivezić	properNoun	slv
Ivezović	properNoun	hbs	Ivezović	properNoun	slv
Ivić	properNoun	hbs	Ivić	properNoun	slv
Ivković	properNoun	hbs	Ivković	properNoun	slv
Ivošević	properNoun	hbs	Ivošević	properNoun	slv
Ivović	properNoun	hbs	Ivović	properNoun	slv
Izatbegović	properNoun	hbs	Izatbegović	properNoun	slv
Izetbegović	properNoun	hbs	Izetbegović	properNoun	slv
Jadrijević	properNoun	hbs	Jadrijević	properNoun	slv
Jahić	properNoun	hbs	Jahić	properNoun	slv
Jakić	properNoun	hbs	Jakić	properNoun	slv
Jaknović	properNoun	hbs	Jaknović	properNoun	slv
Jakovljević	properNoun	hbs	Jakovljević	properNoun	slv
Jaksić	properNoun	hbs	Jaksić	properNoun	slv
Jakšić	properNoun	hbs	Jakšić	properNoun	slv
Jalić	properNoun	hbs	Jalić	properNoun	slv
Janačković	properNoun	hbs	Janačković	properNoun	slv
Jančić	properNoun	hbs	Jančić	properNoun	slv
Jandrić	properNoun	hbs	Jandrić	properNoun	slv
Jandroković	properNoun	hbs	Jandroković	properNoun	slv
Janić	properNoun	hbs	Janić	properNoun	slv
Janičiević	properNoun	hbs	Janičiević	properNoun	slv
Janjić	properNoun	hbs	Janjić	properNoun	slv
Janković	properNoun	hbs	Janković	properNoun	slv
Janović	properNoun	hbs	Janović	properNoun	slv
Jarić	properNoun	hbs	Jarić	properNoun	slv
Jasović	properNoun	hbs	Jasović	properNoun	slv
Jeftić	properNoun	hbs	Jeftić	properNoun	slv
Jekić	properNoun	hbs	Jekić	properNoun	slv
Jeknić	properNoun	hbs	Jeknić	properNoun	slv
Jelačić	properNoun	hbs	Jelačić	properNoun	slv
Jelasić	properNoun	hbs	Jelasić	properNoun	slv
Jelašić	properNoun	hbs	Jelašić	properNoun	slv
Jelavić	properNoun	hbs	Jelavić	properNoun	slv
Jelić	properNoun	hbs	Jelić	properNoun	slv
Jelinić	properNoun	hbs	Jelinić	properNoun	slv
Jelusić	properNoun	hbs	Jelusić	properNoun	slv
Jelušić	properNoun	hbs	Jelušić	properNoun	slv
Jeničević	properNoun	hbs	Jeničević	properNoun	slv
Jeremić	properNoun	hbs	Jeremić	properNoun	slv
Jergović	properNoun	hbs	Jergović	properNoun	slv
Jerinić	properNoun	hbs	Jerinić	properNoun	slv
Jesić	properNoun	hbs	Jesić	properNoun	slv
Jević	properNoun	hbs	Jević	properNoun	slv
Jevremović	properNoun	hbs	Jevremović	properNoun	slv
Jevrić	properNoun	hbs	Jevrić	properNoun	slv
Jevtić	properNoun	hbs	Jevtić	properNoun	slv
Jocić	properNoun	hbs	Jocić	properNoun	slv
Jočić	properNoun	hbs	Jočić	properNoun	slv
Johić	properNoun	hbs	Johić	properNoun	slv
Jojić	properNoun	hbs	Jojić	properNoun	slv
Jojković	properNoun	hbs	Jojković	properNoun	slv
Jokić	properNoun	hbs	Jokić	properNoun	slv
Joković	properNoun	hbs	Joković	properNoun	slv
Joksimović	properNoun	hbs	Joksimović	properNoun	slv
Jolović	properNoun	hbs	Jolović	properNoun	slv
Josić	properNoun	hbs	Josić	properNoun	slv
Josipović	properNoun	hbs	Josipović	properNoun	slv
Jotić	properNoun	hbs	Jotić	properNoun	slv
Jovanović	properNoun	hbs	Jovanović	properNoun	slv
Jović	properNoun	hbs	Jović	properNoun	slv
Jovičević	properNoun	hbs	Jovičević	properNoun	slv
Jovićić	properNoun	hbs	Jovićić	properNoun	slv
Jovičić	properNoun	hbs	Jovičić	properNoun	slv
Jovović	properNoun	hbs	Jovović	properNoun	slv
Jozić	properNoun	hbs	Jozić	properNoun	slv
Jučić	properNoun	hbs	Jučić	properNoun	slv
Jukić	properNoun	hbs	Jukić	properNoun	slv
Jurčević	properNoun	hbs	Jurčević	properNoun	slv
Jurčić	properNoun	hbs	Jurčić	properNoun	slv
Jurević	properNoun	hbs	Jurević	properNoun	slv
Jurić	properNoun	hbs	Jurić	properNoun	slv
Juričić	properNoun	hbs	Juričić	properNoun	slv
Jurinović	properNoun	hbs	Jurinović	properNoun	slv
Jurišić	properNoun	hbs	Jurišić	properNoun	slv
Jusić	properNoun	hbs	Jusić	properNoun	slv
Jusufbašić	properNoun	hbs	Jusufbašić	properNoun	slv
Jusufović	properNoun	hbs	Jusufović	properNoun	slv
Kadić	properNoun	hbs	Kadić	properNoun	slv
Kadiević	properNoun	hbs	Kadiević	properNoun	slv
Kadijević	properNoun	hbs	Kadijević	properNoun	slv
Kadribašić	properNoun	hbs	Kadribašić	properNoun	slv
Kadrić	properNoun	hbs	Kadrić	properNoun	slv
Kadžić	properNoun	hbs	Kadžić	properNoun	slv
Kalamperović	properNoun	hbs	Kalamperović	properNoun	slv
Kalaperović	properNoun	hbs	Kalaperović	properNoun	slv
Kalić	properNoun	hbs	Kalić	properNoun	slv
Kalinić	properNoun	hbs	Kalinić	properNoun	slv
Kaluđerović	properNoun	hbs	Kaluđerović	properNoun	slv
Kamerić	properNoun	hbs	Kamerić	properNoun	slv
Kandić	properNoun	hbs	Kandić	properNoun	slv
Kantarević	properNoun	hbs	Kantarević	properNoun	slv
Kapaković	properNoun	hbs	Kapaković	properNoun	slv
Kapetanović	properNoun	hbs	Kapetanović	properNoun	slv
Kapić	properNoun	hbs	Kapić	properNoun	slv
Kaplović	properNoun	hbs	Kaplović	properNoun	slv
Kapraljević	properNoun	hbs	Kapraljević	properNoun	slv
Karađorđević	properNoun	hbs	Karađorđević	properNoun	slv
Karadžić	properNoun	hbs	Karadžić	properNoun	slv
Karajić	properNoun	hbs	Karajić	properNoun	slv
Karakašević	properNoun	hbs	Karakašević	properNoun	slv
Karamarković	properNoun	hbs	Karamarković	properNoun	slv
Karanović	properNoun	hbs	Karanović	properNoun	slv
Kardžić	properNoun	hbs	Kardžić	properNoun	slv
Karganović	properNoun	hbs	Karganović	properNoun	slv
Karić	properNoun	hbs	Karić	properNoun	slv
Karlović	properNoun	hbs	Karlović	properNoun	slv
Katanić	properNoun	hbs	Katanić	properNoun	slv
Katavić	properNoun	hbs	Katavić	properNoun	slv
Katić	properNoun	hbs	Katić	properNoun	slv
Katnić	properNoun	hbs	Katnić	properNoun	slv
Katunarić	properNoun	hbs	Katunarić	properNoun	slv
Keleketić	properNoun	hbs	Keleketić	properNoun	slv
Kenjić	properNoun	hbs	Kenjić	properNoun	slv
Kenović	properNoun	hbs	Kenović	properNoun	slv
Kičanović	properNoun	hbs	Kičanović	properNoun	slv
Kilić	properNoun	hbs	Kilić	properNoun	slv
Kirković	properNoun	hbs	Kirković	properNoun	slv
Kisić	properNoun	hbs	Kisić	properNoun	slv
Kitarović	properNoun	hbs	Kitarović	properNoun	slv
Klajić	properNoun	hbs	Klajić	properNoun	slv
Klarić	properNoun	hbs	Klarić	properNoun	slv
Klasnić	properNoun	hbs	Klasnić	properNoun	slv
Klepić	properNoun	hbs	Klepić	properNoun	slv
Klicković	properNoun	hbs	Klicković	properNoun	slv
Kličković	properNoun	hbs	Kličković	properNoun	slv
Kljajević	properNoun	hbs	Kljajević	properNoun	slv
Knežević	properNoun	hbs	Knežević	properNoun	slv
Kobilić	properNoun	hbs	Kobilić	properNoun	slv
Kočić	properNoun	hbs	Kočić	properNoun	slv
Kojadinović	properNoun	hbs	Kojadinović	properNoun	slv
Kojadonović	properNoun	hbs	Kojadonović	properNoun	slv
Kojić	properNoun	hbs	Kojić	properNoun	slv
Kokanović	properNoun	hbs	Kokanović	properNoun	slv
Kolarević	properNoun	hbs	Kolarević	properNoun	slv
Koljević	properNoun	hbs	Koljević	properNoun	slv
Kolobarić	properNoun	hbs	Kolobarić	properNoun	slv
Komić	properNoun	hbs	Komić	properNoun	slv
Kompanović	properNoun	hbs	Kompanović	properNoun	slv
Komšić	properNoun	hbs	Komšić	properNoun	slv
Kondić	properNoun	hbs	Kondić	properNoun	slv
Konjić	properNoun	hbs	Konjić	properNoun	slv
Konjikušić	properNoun	hbs	Konjikušić	properNoun	slv
Konstantinović	properNoun	hbs	Konstantinović	properNoun	slv
Kordić	properNoun	hbs	Kordić	properNoun	slv
Korenić	properNoun	hbs	Korenić	properNoun	slv
Korić	properNoun	hbs	Korić	properNoun	slv
Kosanović	properNoun	hbs	Kosanović	properNoun	slv
Košanović	properNoun	hbs	Košanović	properNoun	slv
Kosjerić	properNoun	hbs	Kosjerić	properNoun	slv
Kostanić	properNoun	hbs	Kostanić	properNoun	slv
Kostelić	properNoun	hbs	Kostelić	properNoun	slv
Kostić	properNoun	hbs	Kostić	properNoun	slv
Kotromanović	properNoun	hbs	Kotromanović	properNoun	slv
Kovačević	properNoun	hbs	Kovačević	properNoun	slv
Kovačić	properNoun	hbs	Kovačić	properNoun	slv
Kovanović	properNoun	hbs	Kovanović	properNoun	slv
Kozarić	properNoun	hbs	Kozarić	properNoun	slv
Kraišnić	properNoun	hbs	Kraišnić	properNoun	slv
Krajsumović	properNoun	hbs	Krajsumović	properNoun	slv
Kraljević	properNoun	hbs	Kraljević	properNoun	slv
Krasić	properNoun	hbs	Krasić	properNoun	slv
Kremenović	properNoun	hbs	Kremenović	properNoun	slv
Kresić	properNoun	hbs	Kresić	properNoun	slv
Krešić	properNoun	hbs	Krešić	properNoun	slv
Kresović	properNoun	hbs	Kresović	properNoun	slv
Krgović	properNoun	hbs	Krgović	properNoun	slv
Krilić	properNoun	hbs	Krilić	properNoun	slv
Krivdić	properNoun	hbs	Krivdić	properNoun	slv
Krivokapić	properNoun	hbs	Krivokapić	properNoun	slv
Križanić	properNoun	hbs	Križanić	properNoun	slv
Križić	properNoun	hbs	Križić	properNoun	slv
Krkobabić	properNoun	hbs	Krkobabić	properNoun	slv
Krsmanović	properNoun	hbs	Krsmanović	properNoun	slv
Krstajić	properNoun	hbs	Krstajić	properNoun	slv
Krstić	properNoun	hbs	Krstić	properNoun	slv
Krstović	properNoun	hbs	Krstović	properNoun	slv
Krulić	properNoun	hbs	Krulić	properNoun	slv
Kujović	properNoun	hbs	Kujović	properNoun	slv
Kujundžić	properNoun	hbs	Kujundžić	properNoun	slv
Kulenović	properNoun	hbs	Kulenović	properNoun	slv
Kunić	properNoun	hbs	Kunić	properNoun	slv
Kurpejović	properNoun	hbs	Kurpejović	properNoun	slv
Kurtović	properNoun	hbs	Kurtović	properNoun	slv
Kuzmanović	properNoun	hbs	Kuzmanović	properNoun	slv
Kuzmić	properNoun	hbs	Kuzmić	properNoun	slv
Lačević	properNoun	hbs	Lačević	properNoun	slv
Ladić	properNoun	hbs	Ladić	properNoun	slv
Lajsić	properNoun	hbs	Lajsić	properNoun	slv
Lajšić	properNoun	hbs	Lajšić	properNoun	slv
Lakčević	properNoun	hbs	Lakčević	properNoun	slv
Lakičević	properNoun	hbs	Lakičević	properNoun	slv
Lalić	properNoun	hbs	Lalić	properNoun	slv
Lalović	properNoun	hbs	Lalović	properNoun	slv
Laušić	properNoun	hbs	Laušić	properNoun	slv
Lazarević	properNoun	hbs	Lazarević	properNoun	slv
Lazić	properNoun	hbs	Lazić	properNoun	slv
Lazović	properNoun	hbs	Lazović	properNoun	slv
Lečić	properNoun	hbs	Lečić	properNoun	slv
Lekić	properNoun	hbs	Lekić	properNoun	slv
Leković	properNoun	hbs	Leković	properNoun	slv
Leposavić	properNoun	hbs	Leposavić	properNoun	slv
Lesić	properNoun	hbs	Lesić	properNoun	slv
Letinić	properNoun	hbs	Letinić	properNoun	slv
Lijanović	properNoun	hbs	Lijanović	properNoun	slv
Lilić	properNoun	hbs	Lilić	properNoun	slv
Linić	properNoun	hbs	Linić	properNoun	slv
Lisčević	properNoun	hbs	Lisčević	properNoun	slv
Ljaić	properNoun	hbs	Ljaić	properNoun	slv
Ljajić	properNoun	hbs	Ljajić	properNoun	slv
Ljubić	properNoun	hbs	Ljubić	properNoun	slv
Ljubičić	properNoun	hbs	Ljubičić	properNoun	slv
Ljubojević	properNoun	hbs	Ljubojević	properNoun	slv
Lolović	properNoun	hbs	Lolović	properNoun	slv
Lopandić	properNoun	hbs	Lopandić	properNoun	slv
Lopatić	properNoun	hbs	Lopatić	properNoun	slv
Lović	properNoun	hbs	Lović	properNoun	slv
Lovrenović	properNoun	hbs	Lovrenović	properNoun	slv
Lovrić	properNoun	hbs	Lovrić	properNoun	slv
Lozančić	properNoun	hbs	Lozančić	properNoun	slv
Lozanić	properNoun	hbs	Lozanić	properNoun	slv
Lucić	properNoun	hbs	Lucić	properNoun	slv
Lućić	properNoun	hbs	Lućić	properNoun	slv
Lučić	properNoun	hbs	Lučić	properNoun	slv
Lujić	properNoun	hbs	Lujić	properNoun	slv
Lukić	properNoun	hbs	Lukić	properNoun	slv
Luković	properNoun	hbs	Luković	properNoun	slv
Luksić	properNoun	hbs	Luksić	properNoun	slv
Lukšić	properNoun	hbs	Lukšić	properNoun	slv
Madunić	properNoun	hbs	Madunić	properNoun	slv
Mahmutović	properNoun	hbs	Mahmutović	properNoun	slv
Majdančić	properNoun	hbs	Majdančić	properNoun	slv
Majinović	properNoun	hbs	Majinović	properNoun	slv
Majstorović	properNoun	hbs	Majstorović	properNoun	slv
Maković	properNoun	hbs	Maković	properNoun	slv
Maksimović	properNoun	hbs	Maksimović	properNoun	slv
Maksumić	properNoun	hbs	Maksumić	properNoun	slv
Maldić	properNoun	hbs	Maldić	properNoun	slv
Malić	properNoun	hbs	Malić	properNoun	slv
Malkić	properNoun	hbs	Malkić	properNoun	slv
Malović	properNoun	hbs	Malović	properNoun	slv
Mandić	properNoun	hbs	Mandić	properNoun	slv
Manojlović	properNoun	hbs	Manojlović	properNoun	slv
Mareković	properNoun	hbs	Mareković	properNoun	slv
Maretić	properNoun	hbs	Maretić	properNoun	slv
Margetić	properNoun	hbs	Margetić	properNoun	slv
Marić	properNoun	hbs	Marić	properNoun	slv
Maričić	properNoun	hbs	Maričić	properNoun	slv
Marijačić	properNoun	hbs	Marijačić	properNoun	slv
Marijanović	properNoun	hbs	Marijanović	properNoun	slv
Marinković	properNoun	hbs	Marinković	properNoun	slv
Marinović	properNoun	hbs	Marinović	properNoun	slv
Markešić	properNoun	hbs	Markešić	properNoun	slv
Marković	properNoun	hbs	Marković	properNoun	slv
Maroević	properNoun	hbs	Maroević	properNoun	slv
Marović	properNoun	hbs	Marović	properNoun	slv
Martić	properNoun	hbs	Martić	properNoun	slv
Martinović	properNoun	hbs	Martinović	properNoun	slv
Martnović	properNoun	hbs	Martnović	properNoun	slv
Marušić	properNoun	hbs	Marušić	properNoun	slv
Mašić	properNoun	hbs	Mašić	properNoun	slv
Masović	properNoun	hbs	Masović	properNoun	slv
Matanić	properNoun	hbs	Matanić	properNoun	slv
Matanović	properNoun	hbs	Matanović	properNoun	slv
Matić	properNoun	hbs	Matić	properNoun	slv
Matiević	properNoun	hbs	Matiević	properNoun	slv
Matijašević	properNoun	hbs	Matijašević	properNoun	slv
Matković	properNoun	hbs	Matković	properNoun	slv
Matulović	properNoun	hbs	Matulović	properNoun	slv
Meakić	properNoun	hbs	Meakić	properNoun	slv
Medenić	properNoun	hbs	Medenić	properNoun	slv
Medić	properNoun	hbs	Medić	properNoun	slv
Medojević	properNoun	hbs	Medojević	properNoun	slv
Mehić	properNoun	hbs	Mehić	properNoun	slv
Mehmedagić	properNoun	hbs	Mehmedagić	properNoun	slv
Mehmedović	properNoun	hbs	Mehmedović	properNoun	slv
Mejakić	properNoun	hbs	Mejakić	properNoun	slv
Mekić	properNoun	hbs	Mekić	properNoun	slv
Mektić	properNoun	hbs	Mektić	properNoun	slv
Memić	properNoun	hbs	Memić	properNoun	slv
Mesarević	properNoun	hbs	Mesarević	properNoun	slv
Mesarović	properNoun	hbs	Mesarović	properNoun	slv
Mesić	properNoun	hbs	Mesić	properNoun	slv
Mešković	properNoun	hbs	Mešković	properNoun	slv
Metić	properNoun	hbs	Metić	properNoun	slv
Metković	properNoun	hbs	Metković	properNoun	slv
Metličić	properNoun	hbs	Metličić	properNoun	slv
Mević	properNoun	hbs	Mević	properNoun	slv
Micić	properNoun	hbs	Micić	properNoun	slv
Mićić	properNoun	hbs	Mićić	properNoun	slv
Mičić	properNoun	hbs	Mičić	properNoun	slv
Micović	properNoun	hbs	Micović	properNoun	slv
Micunović	properNoun	hbs	Micunović	properNoun	slv
Mićunović	properNoun	hbs	Mićunović	properNoun	slv
Mičunović	properNoun	hbs	Mičunović	properNoun	slv
Mihajljević	properNoun	hbs	Mihajljević	properNoun	slv
Mihajlović	properNoun	hbs	Mihajlović	properNoun	slv
Mihaljević	properNoun	hbs	Mihaljević	properNoun	slv
Mijalić	properNoun	hbs	Mijalić	properNoun	slv
Mijanović	properNoun	hbs	Mijanović	properNoun	slv
Mijatović	properNoun	hbs	Mijatović	properNoun	slv
Mijić	properNoun	hbs	Mijić	properNoun	slv
Mijović	properNoun	hbs	Mijović	properNoun	slv
Mikelić	properNoun	hbs	Mikelić	properNoun	slv
Mikerević	properNoun	hbs	Mikerević	properNoun	slv
Mikerović	properNoun	hbs	Mikerović	properNoun	slv
Mikić	properNoun	hbs	Mikić	properNoun	slv
Miklašić	properNoun	hbs	Miklašić	properNoun	slv
Mikšić	properNoun	hbs	Mikšić	properNoun	slv
Mikulić	properNoun	hbs	Mikulić	properNoun	slv
Mikulićić	properNoun	hbs	Mikulićić	properNoun	slv
Milačić	properNoun	hbs	Milačić	properNoun	slv
Milaković	properNoun	hbs	Milaković	properNoun	slv
Milanković	properNoun	hbs	Milanković	properNoun	slv
Milanović	properNoun	hbs	Milanović	properNoun	slv
Mileković	properNoun	hbs	Mileković	properNoun	slv
Milenković	properNoun	hbs	Milenković	properNoun	slv
Milenović	properNoun	hbs	Milenović	properNoun	slv
Miletić	properNoun	hbs	Miletić	properNoun	slv
Milić	properNoun	hbs	Milić	properNoun	slv
Miličević	properNoun	hbs	Miličević	properNoun	slv
Miličić	properNoun	hbs	Miličić	properNoun	slv
Milinković	properNoun	hbs	Milinković	properNoun	slv
Milinović	properNoun	hbs	Milinović	properNoun	slv
Milisavljević	properNoun	hbs	Milisavljević	properNoun	slv
Milišić	properNoun	hbs	Milišić	properNoun	slv
Milivoević	properNoun	hbs	Milivoević	properNoun	slv
Milivojević	properNoun	hbs	Milivojević	properNoun	slv
Miljanić	properNoun	hbs	Miljanić	properNoun	slv
Miljević	properNoun	hbs	Miljević	properNoun	slv
Miljković	properNoun	hbs	Miljković	properNoun	slv
Milohević	properNoun	hbs	Milohević	properNoun	slv
Milojević	properNoun	hbs	Milojević	properNoun	slv
Milojković	properNoun	hbs	Milojković	properNoun	slv
Milosavljević	properNoun	hbs	Milosavljević	properNoun	slv
Milošević	properNoun	hbs	Milošević	properNoun	slv
Milošpević	properNoun	hbs	Milošpević	properNoun	slv
Milovanović	properNoun	hbs	Milovanović	properNoun	slv
Milovčić	properNoun	hbs	Milovčić	properNoun	slv
Milović	properNoun	hbs	Milović	properNoun	slv
Miltić	properNoun	hbs	Miltić	properNoun	slv
Milušić	properNoun	hbs	Milušić	properNoun	slv
Milutinović	properNoun	hbs	Milutinović	properNoun	slv
Minić	properNoun	hbs	Minić	properNoun	slv
Mionić	properNoun	hbs	Mionić	properNoun	slv
Mirčić	properNoun	hbs	Mirčić	properNoun	slv
Mirković	properNoun	hbs	Mirković	properNoun	slv
Mironić	properNoun	hbs	Mironić	properNoun	slv
Mirošić	properNoun	hbs	Mirošić	properNoun	slv
Miščević	properNoun	hbs	Miščević	properNoun	slv
Mišetić	properNoun	hbs	Mišetić	properNoun	slv
Mišević	properNoun	hbs	Mišević	properNoun	slv
Mišić	properNoun	hbs	Mišić	properNoun	slv
Misimović	properNoun	hbs	Misimović	properNoun	slv
Mišković	properNoun	hbs	Mišković	properNoun	slv
Mišović	properNoun	hbs	Mišović	properNoun	slv
Mitić	properNoun	hbs	Mitić	properNoun	slv
Mitrović	properNoun	hbs	Mitrović	properNoun	slv
Mladenović	properNoun	hbs	Mladenović	properNoun	slv
Mladić	properNoun	hbs	Mladić	properNoun	slv
Mlinarić	properNoun	hbs	Mlinarić	properNoun	slv
Mlivončić	properNoun	hbs	Mlivončić	properNoun	slv
Modrić	properNoun	hbs	Modrić	properNoun	slv
Mološević	properNoun	hbs	Mološević	properNoun	slv
Morić	properNoun	hbs	Morić	properNoun	slv
Mrakić	properNoun	hbs	Mrakić	properNoun	slv
Mrdović	properNoun	hbs	Mrdović	properNoun	slv
Mrkonjić	properNoun	hbs	Mrkonjić	properNoun	slv
Mrkšić	properNoun	hbs	Mrkšić	properNoun	slv
Mršić	properNoun	hbs	Mršić	properNoun	slv
Mrvaljević	properNoun	hbs	Mrvaljević	properNoun	slv
Mucibabić	properNoun	hbs	Mucibabić	properNoun	slv
Mučibabić	properNoun	hbs	Mučibabić	properNoun	slv
Mučić	properNoun	hbs	Mučić	properNoun	slv
Muhić	properNoun	hbs	Muhić	properNoun	slv
Mujić	properNoun	hbs	Mujić	properNoun	slv
Mujkanović	properNoun	hbs	Mujkanović	properNoun	slv
Munitić	properNoun	hbs	Munitić	properNoun	slv
Muratović	properNoun	hbs	Muratović	properNoun	slv
Murtić	properNoun	hbs	Murtić	properNoun	slv
Musić	properNoun	hbs	Musić	properNoun	slv
Musović	properNoun	hbs	Musović	properNoun	slv
Mustafić	properNoun	hbs	Mustafić	properNoun	slv
Muzarović	properNoun	hbs	Muzarović	properNoun	slv
Muzurović	properNoun	hbs	Muzurović	properNoun	slv
Muлahalilović	properNoun	hbs	Muлahalilović	properNoun	slv
Nadarević	properNoun	hbs	Nadarević	properNoun	slv
Nadžipašić	properNoun	hbs	Nadžipašić	properNoun	slv
Najetović	properNoun	hbs	Najetović	properNoun	slv
Naletilić	properNoun	hbs	Naletilić	properNoun	slv
Nandžić	properNoun	hbs	Nandžić	properNoun	slv
Nastić	properNoun	hbs	Nastić	properNoun	slv
Nedeljković	properNoun	hbs	Nedeljković	properNoun	slv
Nedić	properNoun	hbs	Nedić	properNoun	slv
Nenadić	properNoun	hbs	Nenadić	properNoun	slv
Nenadović	properNoun	hbs	Nenadović	properNoun	slv
Nenandić	properNoun	hbs	Nenandić	properNoun	slv
Nenezić	properNoun	hbs	Nenezić	properNoun	slv
Ničić	properNoun	hbs	Ničić	properNoun	slv
Ničković	properNoun	hbs	Ničković	properNoun	slv
Ničović	properNoun	hbs	Ničović	properNoun	slv
Nikačević	properNoun	hbs	Nikačević	properNoun	slv
Nikić	properNoun	hbs	Nikić	properNoun	slv
Nikolić	properNoun	hbs	Nikolić	properNoun	slv
Nikoliić	properNoun	hbs	Nikoliić	properNoun	slv
Niković	properNoun	hbs	Niković	properNoun	slv
Nikšić	properNoun	hbs	Nikšić	properNoun	slv
Ninković	properNoun	hbs	Ninković	properNoun	slv
Nišavić	properNoun	hbs	Nišavić	properNoun	slv
Nišić	properNoun	hbs	Nišić	properNoun	slv
Noikić	properNoun	hbs	Noikić	properNoun	slv
Nojkić	properNoun	hbs	Nojkić	properNoun	slv
Novaković	properNoun	hbs	Novaković	properNoun	slv
Nović	properNoun	hbs	Nović	properNoun	slv
Novković	properNoun	hbs	Novković	properNoun	slv
Novović	properNoun	hbs	Novović	properNoun	slv
Nudović	properNoun	hbs	Nudović	properNoun	slv
Nuhanović	properNoun	hbs	Nuhanović	properNoun	slv
Nuić	properNoun	hbs	Nuić	properNoun	slv
Nurković	properNoun	hbs	Nurković	properNoun	slv
Nusanović	properNoun	hbs	Nusanović	properNoun	slv
Nušić	properNoun	hbs	Nušić	properNoun	slv
Obilić	properNoun	hbs	Obilić	properNoun	slv
Obradović	properNoun	hbs	Obradović	properNoun	slv
Obrenović	properNoun	hbs	Obrenović	properNoun	slv
Odalović	properNoun	hbs	Odalović	properNoun	slv
Ojdanić	properNoun	hbs	Ojdanić	properNoun	slv
Okić	properNoun	hbs	Okić	properNoun	slv
Olić	properNoun	hbs	Olić	properNoun	slv
Olujić	properNoun	hbs	Olujić	properNoun	slv
Omanović	properNoun	hbs	Omanović	properNoun	slv
Omerbašić	properNoun	hbs	Omerbašić	properNoun	slv
Orešković	properNoun	hbs	Orešković	properNoun	slv
Orić	properNoun	hbs	Orić	properNoun	slv
Orlić	properNoun	hbs	Orlić	properNoun	slv
Orlović	properNoun	hbs	Orlović	properNoun	slv
Oručević	properNoun	hbs	Oručević	properNoun	slv
Osmanagić	properNoun	hbs	Osmanagić	properNoun	slv
Osmančević	properNoun	hbs	Osmančević	properNoun	slv
Osmanović	properNoun	hbs	Osmanović	properNoun	slv
Ostojić	properNoun	hbs	Ostojić	properNoun	slv
Ozegović	properNoun	hbs	Ozegović	properNoun	slv
Pajić	properNoun	hbs	Pajić	properNoun	slv
Pajović	properNoun	hbs	Pajović	properNoun	slv
Pajtić	properNoun	hbs	Pajtić	properNoun	slv
Palavić	properNoun	hbs	Palavić	properNoun	slv
Palić	properNoun	hbs	Palić	properNoun	slv
Palvović	properNoun	hbs	Palvović	properNoun	slv
Pandurević	properNoun	hbs	Pandurević	properNoun	slv
Pandurović	properNoun	hbs	Pandurović	properNoun	slv
Pandžić	properNoun	hbs	Pandžić	properNoun	slv
Panić	properNoun	hbs	Panić	properNoun	slv
Pankretić	properNoun	hbs	Pankretić	properNoun	slv
Pantić	properNoun	hbs	Pantić	properNoun	slv
Pantović	properNoun	hbs	Pantović	properNoun	slv
Paović	properNoun	hbs	Paović	properNoun	slv
Parivodić	properNoun	hbs	Parivodić	properNoun	slv
Pašalić	properNoun	hbs	Pašalić	properNoun	slv
Pasić	properNoun	hbs	Pasić	properNoun	slv
Pašić	properNoun	hbs	Pašić	properNoun	slv
Paskaljević	properNoun	hbs	Paskaljević	properNoun	slv
Pasović	properNoun	hbs	Pasović	properNoun	slv
Pašović	properNoun	hbs	Pašović	properNoun	slv
Pastuović	properNoun	hbs	Pastuović	properNoun	slv
Paunović	properNoun	hbs	Paunović	properNoun	slv
Pavelić	properNoun	hbs	Pavelić	properNoun	slv
Pavić	properNoun	hbs	Pavić	properNoun	slv
Pavičić	properNoun	hbs	Pavičić	properNoun	slv
Pavković	properNoun	hbs	Pavković	properNoun	slv
Pavličić	properNoun	hbs	Pavličić	properNoun	slv
Pavlović	properNoun	hbs	Pavlović	properNoun	slv
Pedišić	properNoun	hbs	Pedišić	properNoun	slv
Pejaković	properNoun	hbs	Pejaković	properNoun	slv
Pejanović	properNoun	hbs	Pejanović	properNoun	slv
Pejčić	properNoun	hbs	Pejčić	properNoun	slv
Pejić	properNoun	hbs	Pejić	properNoun	slv
Pejović	properNoun	hbs	Pejović	properNoun	slv
Pekanović	properNoun	hbs	Pekanović	properNoun	slv
Pekić	properNoun	hbs	Pekić	properNoun	slv
Pelević	properNoun	hbs	Pelević	properNoun	slv
Peratović	properNoun	hbs	Peratović	properNoun	slv
Perić	properNoun	hbs	Perić	properNoun	slv
Perišić	properNoun	hbs	Perišić	properNoun	slv
Perković	properNoun	hbs	Perković	properNoun	slv
Perović	properNoun	hbs	Perović	properNoun	slv
Persić	properNoun	hbs	Persić	properNoun	slv
Peršić	properNoun	hbs	Peršić	properNoun	slv
Perušić	properNoun	hbs	Perušić	properNoun	slv
Pesalić	properNoun	hbs	Pesalić	properNoun	slv
Pesić	properNoun	hbs	Pesić	properNoun	slv
Pešić	properNoun	hbs	Pešić	properNoun	slv
Petić	properNoun	hbs	Petić	properNoun	slv
Petković	properNoun	hbs	Petković	properNoun	slv
Petrašević	properNoun	hbs	Petrašević	properNoun	slv
Petrić	properNoun	hbs	Petrić	properNoun	slv
Petričević	properNoun	hbs	Petričević	properNoun	slv
Petrović	properNoun	hbs	Petrović	properNoun	slv
Pijetlović	properNoun	hbs	Pijetlović	properNoun	slv
Pijevčević	properNoun	hbs	Pijevčević	properNoun	slv
Piljić	properNoun	hbs	Piljić	properNoun	slv
Piperović	properNoun	hbs	Piperović	properNoun	slv
Pirgić	properNoun	hbs	Pirgić	properNoun	slv
Pitić	properNoun	hbs	Pitić	properNoun	slv
Pjevčević	properNoun	hbs	Pjevčević	properNoun	slv
Planičić	properNoun	hbs	Planičić	properNoun	slv
Plavšić	properNoun	hbs	Plavšić	properNoun	slv
Pletikosić	properNoun	hbs	Pletikosić	properNoun	slv
Podžić	properNoun	hbs	Podžić	properNoun	slv
Pojskić	properNoun	hbs	Pojskić	properNoun	slv
Pokanić	properNoun	hbs	Pokanić	properNoun	slv
Polić	properNoun	hbs	Polić	properNoun	slv
Poljanić	properNoun	hbs	Poljanić	properNoun	slv
Poljašević	properNoun	hbs	Poljašević	properNoun	slv
Popadić	properNoun	hbs	Popadić	properNoun	slv
Popović	properNoun	hbs	Popović	properNoun	slv
Pović	properNoun	hbs	Pović	properNoun	slv
Prčić	properNoun	hbs	Prčić	properNoun	slv
Prentić	properNoun	hbs	Prentić	properNoun	slv
Pribičević	properNoun	hbs	Pribičević	properNoun	slv
Prijić	properNoun	hbs	Prijić	properNoun	slv
Prlić	properNoun	hbs	Prlić	properNoun	slv
Prodanović	properNoun	hbs	Prodanović	properNoun	slv
Prokopijević	properNoun	hbs	Prokopijević	properNoun	slv
Proroković	properNoun	hbs	Proroković	properNoun	slv
Prpić	properNoun	hbs	Prpić	properNoun	slv
Pukanić	properNoun	hbs	Pukanić	properNoun	slv
Puljić	properNoun	hbs	Puljić	properNoun	slv
Puratić	properNoun	hbs	Puratić	properNoun	slv
Purišić	properNoun	hbs	Purišić	properNoun	slv
Purković	properNoun	hbs	Purković	properNoun	slv
Pusić	properNoun	hbs	Pusić	properNoun	slv
Pušić	properNoun	hbs	Pušić	properNoun	slv
Radaković	properNoun	hbs	Radaković	properNoun	slv
Rađenović	properNoun	hbs	Rađenović	properNoun	slv
Radetić	properNoun	hbs	Radetić	properNoun	slv
Radić	properNoun	hbs	Radić	properNoun	slv
Radisavljević	properNoun	hbs	Radisavljević	properNoun	slv
Radivojević	properNoun	hbs	Radivojević	properNoun	slv
Radmanović	properNoun	hbs	Radmanović	properNoun	slv
Radoević	properNoun	hbs	Radoević	properNoun	slv
Radojčić	properNoun	hbs	Radojčić	properNoun	slv
Radojević	properNoun	hbs	Radojević	properNoun	slv
Radojić	properNoun	hbs	Radojić	properNoun	slv
Radojičić	properNoun	hbs	Radojičić	properNoun	slv
Radonjić	properNoun	hbs	Radonjić	properNoun	slv
Radonjičić	properNoun	hbs	Radonjičić	properNoun	slv
Radosavljević	properNoun	hbs	Radosavljević	properNoun	slv
Radovanović	properNoun	hbs	Radovanović	properNoun	slv
Radović	properNoun	hbs	Radović	properNoun	slv
Radulović	properNoun	hbs	Radulović	properNoun	slv
Radunović	properNoun	hbs	Radunović	properNoun	slv
Raičević	properNoun	hbs	Raičević	properNoun	slv
Rajačić	properNoun	hbs	Rajačić	properNoun	slv
Rajčević	properNoun	hbs	Rajčević	properNoun	slv
Rajić	properNoun	hbs	Rajić	properNoun	slv
Rajičević	properNoun	hbs	Rajičević	properNoun	slv
Rakić	properNoun	hbs	Rakić	properNoun	slv
Rakočević	properNoun	hbs	Rakočević	properNoun	slv
Ramadanović	properNoun	hbs	Ramadanović	properNoun	slv
Ramanović	properNoun	hbs	Ramanović	properNoun	slv
Ramić	properNoun	hbs	Ramić	properNoun	slv
Ramović	properNoun	hbs	Ramović	properNoun	slv
Randić	properNoun	hbs	Randić	properNoun	slv
Rankić	properNoun	hbs	Rankić	properNoun	slv
Rasević	properNoun	hbs	Rasević	properNoun	slv
Rašević	properNoun	hbs	Rašević	properNoun	slv
Rašić	properNoun	hbs	Rašić	properNoun	slv
Rašidović	properNoun	hbs	Rašidović	properNoun	slv
Rašković	properNoun	hbs	Rašković	properNoun	slv
Raspopović	properNoun	hbs	Raspopović	properNoun	slv
Ražnjatović	properNoun	hbs	Ražnjatović	properNoun	slv
Rdaić	properNoun	hbs	Rdaić	properNoun	slv
Rebić	properNoun	hbs	Rebić	properNoun	slv
Redžepagić	properNoun	hbs	Redžepagić	properNoun	slv
Repanović	properNoun	hbs	Repanović	properNoun	slv
Ribić	properNoun	hbs	Ribić	properNoun	slv
Rinčić	properNoun	hbs	Rinčić	properNoun	slv
Ristić	properNoun	hbs	Ristić	properNoun	slv
Ristićević	properNoun	hbs	Ristićević	properNoun	slv
Rističević	properNoun	hbs	Rističević	properNoun	slv
Ristivojević	properNoun	hbs	Ristivojević	properNoun	slv
Rodić	properNoun	hbs	Rodić	properNoun	slv
Roguljić	properNoun	hbs	Roguljić	properNoun	slv
Rončević	properNoun	hbs	Rončević	properNoun	slv
Ropčić	properNoun	hbs	Ropčić	properNoun	slv
Rosić	properNoun	hbs	Rosić	properNoun	slv
Rostivojević	properNoun	hbs	Rostivojević	properNoun	slv
Rozić	properNoun	hbs	Rozić	properNoun	slv
Rožić	properNoun	hbs	Rožić	properNoun	slv
Rubinić	properNoun	hbs	Rubinić	properNoun	slv
Rudović	properNoun	hbs	Rudović	properNoun	slv
Ruić	properNoun	hbs	Ruić	properNoun	slv
Rupčić	properNoun	hbs	Rupčić	properNoun	slv
Rusinović	properNoun	hbs	Rusinović	properNoun	slv
Rustempašić	properNoun	hbs	Rustempašić	properNoun	slv
Ruvić	properNoun	hbs	Ruvić	properNoun	slv
Ružić	properNoun	hbs	Ružić	properNoun	slv
Šabandžović	properNoun	hbs	Šabandžović	properNoun	slv
Šabanović	properNoun	hbs	Šabanović	properNoun	slv
Šaćirbegović	properNoun	hbs	Šaćirbegović	properNoun	slv
Sadiković	properNoun	hbs	Sadiković	properNoun	slv
Sadović	properNoun	hbs	Sadović	properNoun	slv
Sahanpašić	properNoun	hbs	Sahanpašić	properNoun	slv
Šahinpašić	properNoun	hbs	Šahinpašić	properNoun	slv
Šahović	properNoun	hbs	Šahović	properNoun	slv
Saić	properNoun	hbs	Saić	properNoun	slv
Sainović	properNoun	hbs	Sainović	properNoun	slv
Šainović	properNoun	hbs	Šainović	properNoun	slv
Sajić	properNoun	hbs	Sajić	properNoun	slv
Sakić	properNoun	hbs	Sakić	properNoun	slv
Salihović	properNoun	hbs	Salihović	properNoun	slv
Salkić	properNoun	hbs	Salkić	properNoun	slv
Samaradžić	properNoun	hbs	Samaradžić	properNoun	slv
Samardžić	properNoun	hbs	Samardžić	properNoun	slv
Sandić	properNoun	hbs	Sandić	properNoun	slv
Santić	properNoun	hbs	Santić	properNoun	slv
Sapić	properNoun	hbs	Sapić	properNoun	slv
Šapurić	properNoun	hbs	Šapurić	properNoun	slv
Sarajlić	properNoun	hbs	Sarajlić	properNoun	slv
Sarančić	properNoun	hbs	Sarančić	properNoun	slv
Saranović	properNoun	hbs	Saranović	properNoun	slv
Sardelić	properNoun	hbs	Sardelić	properNoun	slv
Sarić	properNoun	hbs	Sarić	properNoun	slv
Šarić	properNoun	hbs	Šarić	properNoun	slv
Sarinić	properNoun	hbs	Sarinić	properNoun	slv
Šarkić	properNoun	hbs	Šarkić	properNoun	slv
Sarović	properNoun	hbs	Sarović	properNoun	slv
Šarović	properNoun	hbs	Šarović	properNoun	slv
Savić	properNoun	hbs	Savić	properNoun	slv
Savičević	properNoun	hbs	Savičević	properNoun	slv
Savković	properNoun	hbs	Savković	properNoun	slv
Sčekić	properNoun	hbs	Sčekić	properNoun	slv
Ščekić	properNoun	hbs	Ščekić	properNoun	slv
Ščepanović	properNoun	hbs	Ščepanović	properNoun	slv
Seftić	properNoun	hbs	Seftić	properNoun	slv
Sehagić	properNoun	hbs	Sehagić	properNoun	slv
Sehić	properNoun	hbs	Sehić	properNoun	slv
Šehić	properNoun	hbs	Šehić	properNoun	slv
Sejtanić	properNoun	hbs	Sejtanić	properNoun	slv
Sekarić	properNoun	hbs	Sekarić	properNoun	slv
Šekarić	properNoun	hbs	Šekarić	properNoun	slv
Šekić	properNoun	hbs	Šekić	properNoun	slv
Sekulić	properNoun	hbs	Sekulić	properNoun	slv
Sekulović	properNoun	hbs	Sekulović	properNoun	slv
Selaković	properNoun	hbs	Selaković	properNoun	slv
Selimović	properNoun	hbs	Selimović	properNoun	slv
Senić	properNoun	hbs	Senić	properNoun	slv
Seničić	properNoun	hbs	Seničić	properNoun	slv
Separović	properNoun	hbs	Separović	properNoun	slv
Šeparović	properNoun	hbs	Šeparović	properNoun	slv
Sepić	properNoun	hbs	Sepić	properNoun	slv
Serdarević	properNoun	hbs	Serdarević	properNoun	slv
Serić	properNoun	hbs	Serić	properNoun	slv
Šerifović	properNoun	hbs	Šerifović	properNoun	slv
Sević	properNoun	hbs	Sević	properNoun	slv
Šević	properNoun	hbs	Šević	properNoun	slv
Sijačić	properNoun	hbs	Sijačić	properNoun	slv
Silajdžić	properNoun	hbs	Silajdžić	properNoun	slv
Siljegović	properNoun	hbs	Siljegović	properNoun	slv
Silobrćić	properNoun	hbs	Silobrćić	properNoun	slv
Simanović	properNoun	hbs	Simanović	properNoun	slv
Simatović	properNoun	hbs	Simatović	properNoun	slv
Simčić	properNoun	hbs	Simčić	properNoun	slv
Simeunović	properNoun	hbs	Simeunović	properNoun	slv
Simić	properNoun	hbs	Simić	properNoun	slv
Šimić	properNoun	hbs	Šimić	properNoun	slv
Šiminić	properNoun	hbs	Šiminić	properNoun	slv
Simončić	properNoun	hbs	Simončić	properNoun	slv
Simonović	properNoun	hbs	Simonović	properNoun	slv
Simović	properNoun	hbs	Simović	properNoun	slv
Simsić	properNoun	hbs	Simsić	properNoun	slv
Simšić	properNoun	hbs	Simšić	properNoun	slv
Šimšić	properNoun	hbs	Šimšić	properNoun	slv
Simunić	properNoun	hbs	Simunić	properNoun	slv
Šimunić	properNoun	hbs	Šimunić	properNoun	slv
Simunović	properNoun	hbs	Simunović	properNoun	slv
Šimunović	properNoun	hbs	Šimunović	properNoun	slv
Sipić	properNoun	hbs	Sipić	properNoun	slv
Sitkić	properNoun	hbs	Sitkić	properNoun	slv
Škekić	properNoun	hbs	Škekić	properNoun	slv
Skorić	properNoun	hbs	Skorić	properNoun	slv
Škorić	properNoun	hbs	Škorić	properNoun	slv
Skrbić	properNoun	hbs	Skrbić	properNoun	slv
Škrbić	properNoun	hbs	Škrbić	properNoun	slv
Skrbnić	properNoun	hbs	Skrbnić	properNoun	slv
Škrobić	properNoun	hbs	Škrobić	properNoun	slv
Skuletić	properNoun	hbs	Skuletić	properNoun	slv
Skundrić	properNoun	hbs	Skundrić	properNoun	slv
Slavković	properNoun	hbs	Slavković	properNoun	slv
Slepčević	properNoun	hbs	Slepčević	properNoun	slv
Slišković	properNoun	hbs	Slišković	properNoun	slv
Šlišković	properNoun	hbs	Šlišković	properNoun	slv
Sloković	properNoun	hbs	Sloković	properNoun	slv
Smailagić	properNoun	hbs	Smailagić	properNoun	slv
Smailović	properNoun	hbs	Smailović	properNoun	slv
Smajić	properNoun	hbs	Smajić	properNoun	slv
Smiljanić	properNoun	hbs	Smiljanić	properNoun	slv
Sobajić	properNoun	hbs	Sobajić	properNoun	slv
Softić	properNoun	hbs	Softić	properNoun	slv
Sojić	properNoun	hbs	Sojić	properNoun	slv
Sokolić	properNoun	hbs	Sokolić	properNoun	slv
Sokolović	properNoun	hbs	Sokolović	properNoun	slv
Soljačić	properNoun	hbs	Soljačić	properNoun	slv
Šoljačić	properNoun	hbs	Šoljačić	properNoun	slv
Šošić	properNoun	hbs	Šošić	properNoun	slv
Spahić	properNoun	hbs	Spahić	properNoun	slv
Spaić	properNoun	hbs	Spaić	properNoun	slv
Spajić	properNoun	hbs	Spajić	properNoun	slv
Spanović	properNoun	hbs	Spanović	properNoun	slv
Spasoević	properNoun	hbs	Spasoević	properNoun	slv
Spasojević	properNoun	hbs	Spasojević	properNoun	slv
Spasović	properNoun	hbs	Spasović	properNoun	slv
Spirić	properNoun	hbs	Spirić	properNoun	slv
Špirić	properNoun	hbs	Špirić	properNoun	slv
Srbljanović	properNoun	hbs	Srbljanović	properNoun	slv
Srečković	properNoun	hbs	Srečković	properNoun	slv
Šrkbić	properNoun	hbs	Šrkbić	properNoun	slv
Stajkić	properNoun	hbs	Stajkić	properNoun	slv
Stakić	properNoun	hbs	Stakić	properNoun	slv
Staletović	properNoun	hbs	Staletović	properNoun	slv
Stambolić	properNoun	hbs	Stambolić	properNoun	slv
Stamenković	properNoun	hbs	Stamenković	properNoun	slv
Stanbolić	properNoun	hbs	Stanbolić	properNoun	slv
Stanić	properNoun	hbs	Stanić	properNoun	slv
Staničić	properNoun	hbs	Staničić	properNoun	slv
Stanimirović	properNoun	hbs	Stanimirović	properNoun	slv
Stanišić	properNoun	hbs	Stanišić	properNoun	slv
Stanković	properNoun	hbs	Stanković	properNoun	slv
Stanojević	properNoun	hbs	Stanojević	properNoun	slv
Stanović	properNoun	hbs	Stanović	properNoun	slv
Starčević	properNoun	hbs	Starčević	properNoun	slv
Stažić	properNoun	hbs	Stažić	properNoun	slv
Stevanović	properNoun	hbs	Stevanović	properNoun	slv
Stević	properNoun	hbs	Stević	properNoun	slv
Stipčević	properNoun	hbs	Stipčević	properNoun	slv
Stipetić	properNoun	hbs	Stipetić	properNoun	slv
Stipišić	properNoun	hbs	Stipišić	properNoun	slv
Stočić	properNoun	hbs	Stočić	properNoun	slv
Stoić	properNoun	hbs	Stoić	properNoun	slv
Stojaković	properNoun	hbs	Stojaković	properNoun	slv
Stojanović	properNoun	hbs	Stojanović	properNoun	slv
Stojčić	properNoun	hbs	Stojčić	properNoun	slv
Stojčinović	properNoun	hbs	Stojčinović	properNoun	slv
Stojić	properNoun	hbs	Stojić	properNoun	slv
Stojičić	properNoun	hbs	Stojičić	properNoun	slv
Stojilković	properNoun	hbs	Stojilković	properNoun	slv
Stojinić	properNoun	hbs	Stojinić	properNoun	slv
Stojkić	properNoun	hbs	Stojkić	properNoun	slv
Stojković	properNoun	hbs	Stojković	properNoun	slv
Stojmenović	properNoun	hbs	Stojmenović	properNoun	slv
Stokić	properNoun	hbs	Stokić	properNoun	slv
Stolić	properNoun	hbs	Stolić	properNoun	slv
Stoparić	properNoun	hbs	Stoparić	properNoun	slv
Stošić	properNoun	hbs	Stošić	properNoun	slv
Strinić	properNoun	hbs	Strinić	properNoun	slv
Šturanović	properNoun	hbs	Šturanović	properNoun	slv
Subašić	properNoun	hbs	Subašić	properNoun	slv
Subotić	properNoun	hbs	Subotić	properNoun	slv
Šujić	properNoun	hbs	Šujić	properNoun	slv
Suković	properNoun	hbs	Suković	properNoun	slv
Suljagić	properNoun	hbs	Suljagić	properNoun	slv
Šuljić	properNoun	hbs	Šuljić	properNoun	slv
Sunjić	properNoun	hbs	Sunjić	properNoun	slv
Šunjić	properNoun	hbs	Šunjić	properNoun	slv
Surović	properNoun	hbs	Surović	properNoun	slv
Sutanović	properNoun	hbs	Sutanović	properNoun	slv
Šutanović	properNoun	hbs	Šutanović	properNoun	slv
Sutlić	properNoun	hbs	Sutlić	properNoun	slv
Svilanović	properNoun	hbs	Svilanović	properNoun	slv
Svilić	properNoun	hbs	Svilić	properNoun	slv
Sviličić	properNoun	hbs	Sviličić	properNoun	slv
Svilonović	properNoun	hbs	Svilonović	properNoun	slv
Svitanović	properNoun	hbs	Svitanović	properNoun	slv
Tadić	properNoun	hbs	Tadić	properNoun	slv
Taduić	properNoun	hbs	Taduić	properNoun	slv
Tajdić	properNoun	hbs	Tajdić	properNoun	slv
Talić	properNoun	hbs	Talić	properNoun	slv
Taljić	properNoun	hbs	Taljić	properNoun	slv
Talović	properNoun	hbs	Talović	properNoun	slv
Tanković	properNoun	hbs	Tanković	properNoun	slv
Tanović	properNoun	hbs	Tanović	properNoun	slv
Tapušković	properNoun	hbs	Tapušković	properNoun	slv
Tašković	properNoun	hbs	Tašković	properNoun	slv
Telalović	properNoun	hbs	Telalović	properNoun	slv
Teodorović	properNoun	hbs	Teodorović	properNoun	slv
Tepavčević	properNoun	hbs	Tepavčević	properNoun	slv
Tepšić	properNoun	hbs	Tepšić	properNoun	slv
Terizić	properNoun	hbs	Terizić	properNoun	slv
Terselić	properNoun	hbs	Terselić	properNoun	slv
Terzić	properNoun	hbs	Terzić	properNoun	slv
Terzimehić	properNoun	hbs	Terzimehić	properNoun	slv
Tesanović	properNoun	hbs	Tesanović	properNoun	slv
Tesić	properNoun	hbs	Tesić	properNoun	slv
Tešić	properNoun	hbs	Tešić	properNoun	slv
Teslić	properNoun	hbs	Teslić	properNoun	slv
Tezić	properNoun	hbs	Tezić	properNoun	slv
Tičić	properNoun	hbs	Tičić	properNoun	slv
Tihić	properNoun	hbs	Tihić	properNoun	slv
Tijardović	properNoun	hbs	Tijardović	properNoun	slv
Tipsarević	properNoun	hbs	Tipsarević	properNoun	slv
Todić	properNoun	hbs	Todić	properNoun	slv
Todorović	properNoun	hbs	Todorović	properNoun	slv
Todović	properNoun	hbs	Todović	properNoun	slv
Tokić	properNoun	hbs	Tokić	properNoun	slv
Tolić	properNoun	hbs	Tolić	properNoun	slv
Tomanović	properNoun	hbs	Tomanović	properNoun	slv
Tomašević	properNoun	hbs	Tomašević	properNoun	slv
Tomčić	properNoun	hbs	Tomčić	properNoun	slv
Tomić	properNoun	hbs	Tomić	properNoun	slv
Tomičić	properNoun	hbs	Tomičić	properNoun	slv
Tonković	properNoun	hbs	Tonković	properNoun	slv
Topalović	properNoun	hbs	Topalović	properNoun	slv
Topčagić	properNoun	hbs	Topčagić	properNoun	slv
Topčić	properNoun	hbs	Topčić	properNoun	slv
Topić	properNoun	hbs	Topić	properNoun	slv
Torlaković	properNoun	hbs	Torlaković	properNoun	slv
Torodović	properNoun	hbs	Torodović	properNoun	slv
Tošić	properNoun	hbs	Tošić	properNoun	slv
Trailović	properNoun	hbs	Trailović	properNoun	slv
Trajanović	properNoun	hbs	Trajanović	properNoun	slv
Trajković	properNoun	hbs	Trajković	properNoun	slv
Trbić	properNoun	hbs	Trbić	properNoun	slv
Trbojević	properNoun	hbs	Trbojević	properNoun	slv
Trbović	properNoun	hbs	Trbović	properNoun	slv
Trebević	properNoun	hbs	Trebević	properNoun	slv
Trgovčević	properNoun	hbs	Trgovčević	properNoun	slv
Trifković	properNoun	hbs	Trifković	properNoun	slv
Trifunović	properNoun	hbs	Trifunović	properNoun	slv
Trmčić	properNoun	hbs	Trmčić	properNoun	slv
Tukić	properNoun	hbs	Tukić	properNoun	slv
Tumbaković	properNoun	hbs	Tumbaković	properNoun	slv
Tunović	properNoun	hbs	Tunović	properNoun	slv
Turajlić	properNoun	hbs	Turajlić	properNoun	slv
Turković	properNoun	hbs	Turković	properNoun	slv
Udovičić	properNoun	hbs	Udovičić	properNoun	slv
Ugrešić	properNoun	hbs	Ugrešić	properNoun	slv
Urbančić	properNoun	hbs	Urbančić	properNoun	slv
Uskoković	properNoun	hbs	Uskoković	properNoun	slv
Vanić	properNoun	hbs	Vanić	properNoun	slv
Varagić	properNoun	hbs	Varagić	properNoun	slv
Vasić	properNoun	hbs	Vasić	properNoun	slv
Vasilević	properNoun	hbs	Vasilević	properNoun	slv
Vasiljević	properNoun	hbs	Vasiljević	properNoun	slv
Vasiljković	properNoun	hbs	Vasiljković	properNoun	slv
Vasković	properNoun	hbs	Vasković	properNoun	slv
Vatrić	properNoun	hbs	Vatrić	properNoun	slv
Vekarić	properNoun	hbs	Vekarić	properNoun	slv
Velić	properNoun	hbs	Velić	properNoun	slv
Velimirović	properNoun	hbs	Velimirović	properNoun	slv
Veljović	properNoun	hbs	Veljović	properNoun	slv
Veruović	properNoun	hbs	Veruović	properNoun	slv
Veselinović	properNoun	hbs	Veselinović	properNoun	slv
Vesković	properNoun	hbs	Vesković	properNoun	slv
Vesović	properNoun	hbs	Vesović	properNoun	slv
Vidić	properNoun	hbs	Vidić	properNoun	slv
Vidošević	properNoun	hbs	Vidošević	properNoun	slv
Vidović	properNoun	hbs	Vidović	properNoun	slv
Vignjević	properNoun	hbs	Vignjević	properNoun	slv
Viletić	properNoun	hbs	Viletić	properNoun	slv
Violić	properNoun	hbs	Violić	properNoun	slv
Visić	properNoun	hbs	Visić	properNoun	slv
Visković	properNoun	hbs	Visković	properNoun	slv
Višković	properNoun	hbs	Višković	properNoun	slv
Viteskić	properNoun	hbs	Viteskić	properNoun	slv
Viteškić	properNoun	hbs	Viteškić	properNoun	slv
Vlahović	properNoun	hbs	Vlahović	properNoun	slv
Vlajić	properNoun	hbs	Vlajić	properNoun	slv
Vlajković	properNoun	hbs	Vlajković	properNoun	slv
Vlasić	properNoun	hbs	Vlasić	properNoun	slv
Vodinelić	properNoun	hbs	Vodinelić	properNoun	slv
Voinović	properNoun	hbs	Voinović	properNoun	slv
Vojinović	properNoun	hbs	Vojinović	properNoun	slv
Vojković	properNoun	hbs	Vojković	properNoun	slv
Vojnović	properNoun	hbs	Vojnović	properNoun	slv
Vojunović	properNoun	hbs	Vojunović	properNoun	slv
Vojvodić	properNoun	hbs	Vojvodić	properNoun	slv
Vokalić	properNoun	hbs	Vokalić	properNoun	slv
Vračević	properNoun	hbs	Vračević	properNoun	slv
Vrančić	properNoun	hbs	Vrančić	properNoun	slv
Vranić	properNoun	hbs	Vranić	properNoun	slv
Vrankić	properNoun	hbs	Vrankić	properNoun	slv
Vranković	properNoun	hbs	Vranković	properNoun	slv
Vrbosić	properNoun	hbs	Vrbosić	properNoun	slv
Vrkić	properNoun	hbs	Vrkić	properNoun	slv
Vrljanović	properNoun	hbs	Vrljanović	properNoun	slv
Vućelić	properNoun	hbs	Vućelić	properNoun	slv
Vučelić	properNoun	hbs	Vučelić	properNoun	slv
Vučetić	properNoun	hbs	Vučetić	properNoun	slv
Vučić	properNoun	hbs	Vučić	properNoun	slv
Vučinić	properNoun	hbs	Vučinić	properNoun	slv
Vučkević	properNoun	hbs	Vučkević	properNoun	slv
Vučković	properNoun	hbs	Vučković	properNoun	slv
Vučurević	properNoun	hbs	Vučurević	properNoun	slv
Vučurović	properNoun	hbs	Vučurović	properNoun	slv
Vujačić	properNoun	hbs	Vujačić	properNoun	slv
Vujanović	properNoun	hbs	Vujanović	properNoun	slv
Vujasinović	properNoun	hbs	Vujasinović	properNoun	slv
Vujčić	properNoun	hbs	Vujčić	properNoun	slv
Vujić	properNoun	hbs	Vujić	properNoun	slv
Vujičić	properNoun	hbs	Vujičić	properNoun	slv
Vujošević	properNoun	hbs	Vujošević	properNoun	slv
Vujović	properNoun	hbs	Vujović	properNoun	slv
Vukadinović	properNoun	hbs	Vukadinović	properNoun	slv
Vukanović	properNoun	hbs	Vukanović	properNoun	slv
Vukasović	properNoun	hbs	Vukasović	properNoun	slv
Vukčević	properNoun	hbs	Vukčević	properNoun	slv
Vukelić	properNoun	hbs	Vukelić	properNoun	slv
Vukić	properNoun	hbs	Vukić	properNoun	slv
Vukičević	properNoun	hbs	Vukičević	properNoun	slv
Vukmanović	properNoun	hbs	Vukmanović	properNoun	slv
Vukmirović	properNoun	hbs	Vukmirović	properNoun	slv
Vukojčić	properNoun	hbs	Vukojčić	properNoun	slv
Vukojević	properNoun	hbs	Vukojević	properNoun	slv
Vukorić	properNoun	hbs	Vukorić	properNoun	slv
Vukotić	properNoun	hbs	Vukotić	properNoun	slv
Vuković	properNoun	hbs	Vuković	properNoun	slv
Vuksanović	properNoun	hbs	Vuksanović	properNoun	slv
Vuksić	properNoun	hbs	Vuksić	properNoun	slv
Vukšić	properNoun	hbs	Vukšić	properNoun	slv
Vuletić	properNoun	hbs	Vuletić	properNoun	slv
Vuskanović	properNoun	hbs	Vuskanović	properNoun	slv
Zafirović	properNoun	hbs	Zafirović	properNoun	slv
Zaimović	properNoun	hbs	Zaimović	properNoun	slv
Zarić	properNoun	hbs	Zarić	properNoun	slv
Žarić	properNoun	hbs	Žarić	properNoun	slv
Zbanić	properNoun	hbs	Zbanić	properNoun	slv
Žbanić	properNoun	hbs	Žbanić	properNoun	slv
Žderić	properNoun	hbs	Žderić	properNoun	slv
Zdravković	properNoun	hbs	Zdravković	properNoun	slv
Zebić	properNoun	hbs	Zebić	properNoun	slv
Zečević	properNoun	hbs	Zečević	properNoun	slv
Zekić	properNoun	hbs	Zekić	properNoun	slv
Zeleniković	properNoun	hbs	Zeleniković	properNoun	slv
Zelenović	properNoun	hbs	Zelenović	properNoun	slv
Zelentrović	properNoun	hbs	Zelentrović	properNoun	slv
Željković	properNoun	hbs	Željković	properNoun	slv
Zenić	properNoun	hbs	Zenić	properNoun	slv
Zigić	properNoun	hbs	Zigić	properNoun	slv
Žigić	properNoun	hbs	Žigić	properNoun	slv
Zilić	properNoun	hbs	Zilić	properNoun	slv
Zilović	properNoun	hbs	Zilović	properNoun	slv
Zimonjić	properNoun	hbs	Zimonjić	properNoun	slv
Živković	properNoun	hbs	Žiovković	properNoun	slv
Zirić	properNoun	hbs	Zirić	properNoun	slv
Zirojević	properNoun	hbs	Zirojević	properNoun	slv
Živadinović	properNoun	hbs	Živadinović	properNoun	slv
Živanović	properNoun	hbs	Živanović	properNoun	slv
Živković	properNoun	hbs	Živković	properNoun	slv
Živoković	properNoun	hbs	Živoković	properNoun	slv
Zizić	properNoun	hbs	Zizić	properNoun	slv
Žižić	properNoun	hbs	Žižić	properNoun	slv
Zjajić	properNoun	hbs	Zjajić	properNoun	slv
Zloković	properNoun	hbs	Zloković	properNoun	slv
Zrnčić	properNoun	hbs	Zrnčić	properNoun	slv
Zukić	properNoun	hbs	Zukić	properNoun	slv
Zukorlić	properNoun	hbs	Zukorlić	properNoun	slv
Žuvanić	properNoun	hbs	Žuvanić	properNoun	slv
Mura	properNoun	hbs	Mura	properNoun	slv
Kominterna	properNoun	hbs	Kominterna	properNoun	slv
Andrej	properNoun	hbs	Andrej	properNoun	slv
Anton	properNoun	hbs	Anton	properNoun	slv
Boštjan	properNoun	hbs	Boštjan	properNoun	slv
Gregor	properNoun	hbs	Gregor	properNoun	slv
Jurij	properNoun	hbs	Jurij	properNoun	slv
Kocjan	properNoun	hbs	Kocjan	properNoun	slv
Ambrož	properNoun	hbs	Ambrož	properNoun	slv
Atlantik	properNoun	hbs	Atlantik	properNoun	slv
Bohinj	properNoun	hbs	Bohinj	properNoun	slv
Broadway	properNoun	hbs	Broadway	properNoun	slv
Bruselj	properNoun	hbs	Bruselj	properNoun	slv
Havaji	properNoun	hbs	Havaji	properNoun	slv
Karpati	properNoun	hbs	Karpati	properNoun	slv
Križ	properNoun	hbs	Križ	properNoun	slv
New York	properNoun	hbs	New York	properNoun	slv
Oglej	properNoun	hbs	Oglej	properNoun	slv
Ormož	properNoun	hbs	Ormož	properNoun	slv
Paradiž	properNoun	hbs	Paradiž	properNoun	slv
Pireneji	properNoun	hbs	Pireneji	properNoun	slv
Portorož	properNoun	hbs	Portorož	properNoun	slv
Primož	properNoun	hbs	Primož	properNoun	slv
Ptuj	properNoun	hbs	Ptuj	properNoun	slv
Semič	properNoun	hbs	Semič	properNoun	slv
Tomaž	properNoun	hbs	Tomaž	properNoun	slv
Trbiž	properNoun	hbs	Trbiž	properNoun	slv
Vič	properNoun	hbs	Vič	properNoun	slv
Ravne	properNoun	hbs	Ravne	properNoun	slv
Alpe	properNoun	hbs	Alpe	properNoun	slv
Begunje	properNoun	hbs	Begunje	properNoun	slv
Bloke	properNoun	hbs	Bloke	properNoun	slv
Brežice	properNoun	hbs	Brežice	properNoun	slv
Jesenice	properNoun	hbs	Jesenice	properNoun	slv
Lesce	properNoun	hbs	Lesce	properNoun	slv
Luče	properNoun	hbs	Luče	properNoun	slv
Moste	properNoun	hbs	Moste	properNoun	slv
Tebe	properNoun	hbs	Tebe	properNoun	slv
Trojane	properNoun	hbs	Trojane	properNoun	slv
Vače	properNoun	hbs	Vače	properNoun	slv
Tatre	properNoun	hbs	Tatre	properNoun	slv
Cerklje	properNoun	hbs	Cerklje	properNoun	slv
Radlje	properNoun	hbs	Radlje	properNoun	slv
Trbovlje	properNoun	hbs	Trbovlje	properNoun	slv
Argentina	properNoun	hbs	Argentina	properNoun	slv
Arizona	properNoun	hbs	Arizona	properNoun	slv
Veneto	properNoun	hbs	Benečija	properNoun	slv
Štajerska	properNoun	hbs	Štajersko	properNoun	slv
Finska	properNoun	hbs	Finska	properNoun	slv
Amerika	properNoun	hbs	Amerika	properNoun	slv
Meksiko	properNoun	hbs	Mehika	properNoun	slv
Austrija	properNoun	hbs	Avstrija	properNoun	slv
Mura	properNoun	hbs	Mura	properNoun	slv
Una	properNoun	hbs	Una	properNoun	slv
Kominterna	properNoun	hbs	Kominterna	properNoun	slv
pas	noun	hbs	pes	noun	slv
drugi	adjective	hbs	drug	pronoun	slv
isti	adjective	hbs	isti	pronoun	slv
lončarski	adverb	hbs	lončarsko	adverb	slv
treba	adverb	hbs	trebati	modal	slv
ovisno	adverb	hbs	odvisno	adverb	slv
tj	adverb	hbs	tj	adverb	slv
rani	adjective	hbs	zgodnji	adjective	slv
mnogi	adjective	hbs	mnog	adjective	slv
divlji	adjective	hbs	divji	adjective	slv
raniji	adjective	hbs	zgodnji	adjective	slv
svet	adjective	hbs	svet	adjective	slv
spor	adjective	hbs	počasen	adjective	slv
mračan	adjective	hbs	temen	adjective	slv
sraman	adjective	hbs	sramoten	adjective	slv
užasan	adjective	hbs	grozen	adjective	slv
obziran	adjective	hbs	obziren	adjective	slv
stvoren	adjective	hbs	nastal	adjective	slv
stvoreno	adverb	hbs	nastalo	adverb	slv
kasan	adjective	hbs	pozen	adjective	slv
ovisan	adjective	hbs	odvisen	adjective	slv
ulazan	adjective	hbs	vhoden	adjective	slv
ulazno	adverb	hbs	vhodno	adverb	slv
žestok	adjective	hbs	hud	adjective	slv
gust	adjective	hbs	gost	adjective	slv
krasan	adjective	hbs	krasen	adjective	slv
mek	adjective	hbs	mehek	adjective	slv
lak	adjective	hbs	lahek	adjective	slv
naznačen	adjective	hbs	določen	adjective	slv
sitan	adjective	hbs	majhen	adjective	slv
kreditan	adjective	hbs	boniteten	adjective	slv
relevantan	adjective	hbs	pomemben	adjective	slv
čest	adjective	hbs	pogost	adjective	slv
jak	adjective	hbs	močen	adjective	slv
ozbiljan	adjective	hbs	resen	adjective	slv
biljan	adjective	hbs	rastlinski	adjective	slv
biljno	adverb	hbs	rastlinsko	adverb	slv
skroman	adjective	hbs	skromen	adjective	slv
uzak	adjective	hbs	tesen	adjective	slv
skup	adjective	hbs	drag	adjective	slv
mekan	adjective	hbs	mehek	adjective	slv
dug	adjective	hbs	dolg	adjective	slv
određen	adjective	hbs	določen	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	pomemben	adjective	slv
beznačajan	adjective	hbs	nebistven	adjective	slv
beznačajno	adverb	hbs	nebistveno	adverb	slv
mal	adjective	hbs	majhen	adjective	slv
kratak	adjective	hbs	kratek	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	sladek	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	neumen	adjective	slv
brz	adjective	hbs	nagel	adjective	slv
zreo	adjective	hbs	zrel	adjective	slv
brz	adjective	hbs	hiter	adjective	slv
oštar	adjective	hbs	oster	adjective	slv
loš	adjective	hbs	slab	adjective	slv
pun	adjective	hbs	poln	adjective	slv
debeo	adjective	hbs	debel	adjective	slv
sretan	adjective	hbs	vesel	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	grozen	adjective	slv
idealan	adjective	hbs	idealen	adjective	slv
naivan	adjective	hbs	naiven	adjective	slv
skroman	adjective	hbs	ponižen	adjective	slv
tijesan	adjective	hbs	tesen	adjective	slv
vlažan	adjective	hbs	vlažen	adjective	slv
platežan	adjective	hbs	plačilen	adjective	slv
platežno	adverb	hbs	plačilno	adverb	slv
tarifan	adjective	hbs	tarifen	adjective	slv
tarifno	adverb	hbs	tarifno	adverb	slv
jednostavan	adjective	hbs	enostaven	adjective	slv
osnovan	adjective	hbs	osnoven	adjective	slv
ponovan	adjective	hbs	ponoven	adjective	slv
ribolovan	adjective	hbs	riboloven	adjective	slv
ribolovno	adverb	hbs	ribolovno	adverb	slv
kritičan	adjective	hbs	kritičen	adjective	slv
točan	adjective	hbs	natančen	adjective	slv
nemiran	adjective	hbs	nemiren	adjective	slv
opasan	adjective	hbs	nevaren	adjective	slv
usporen	adjective	hbs	počasen	adjective	slv
važan	adjective	hbs	pomemben	adjective	slv
lijep	adjective	hbs	lep	adjective	slv
prijatan	adjective	hbs	prijeten	adjective	slv
slavan	adjective	hbs	slaven	adjective	slv
ružan	adjective	hbs	grd	adjective	slv
roban	adjective	hbs	blagoven	adjective	slv
robno	adverb	hbs	blagovno	adverb	slv
prijelazan	adjective	hbs	prehoden	adjective	slv
prijelazno	adverb	hbs	prehodno	adverb	slv
besplatan	adjective	hbs	brezplačen	adjective	slv
troškovan	adjective	hbs	stroškoven	adjective	slv
troškovno	adverb	hbs	stroškovno	adverb	slv
obavezan	adjective	hbs	obvezen	adjective	slv
motoran	adjective	hbs	motoren	adjective	slv
motorno	adverb	hbs	motorno	adverb	slv
ozbiljan	adjective	hbs	hud	adjective	slv
tvrd	adjective	hbs	trd	adjective	slv
nizak	adjective	hbs	nizek	adjective	slv
uzak	adjective	hbs	ozek	adjective	slv
dobar	adjective	hbs	dober	adjective	slv
fin	adjective	hbs	fin	adjective	slv
težak	adjective	hbs	težek	adjective	slv
lagan	adjective	hbs	lahek	adjective	slv
dugotrajan	adjective	hbs	dolgotrajen	adjective	slv
intenzivan	adjective	hbs	intenziven	adjective	slv
obilan	adjective	hbs	obilen	adjective	slv
potreban	adjective	hbs	potreben	adjective	slv
potreban	adjective	hbs	zahtevan	adjective	slv
slab	adjective	hbs	slaboten	adjective	slv
težak	adjective	hbs	težaven	adjective	slv
složen	adjective	hbs	zložen	adjective	slv
dubok	adjective	hbs	globok	adjective	slv
simpatičan	adjective	hbs	ljubezniv	adjective	slv
velik	adjective	hbs	velik	adjective	slv
strog	adjective	hbs	strog	adjective	slv
visok	adjective	hbs	visok	adjective	slv
mlad	adjective	hbs	mlad	adjective	slv
star	adjective	hbs	star	adjective	slv
pust	adjective	hbs	pust	adjective	slv
osjetljiv	adjective	hbs	občutljiv	adjective	slv
zadovoljavajući	adjective	hbs	zadovoljiv	adjective	slv
sudjelujući	adjective	hbs	sodelujoč	adjective	slv
sudjelujuće	adverb	hbs	sodelujočo	adverb	slv
višegodišnji	adjective	hbs	večleten	adjective	slv
višegodišnje	adverb	hbs	večletno	adverb	slv
zanimljiv	adjective	hbs	zanimiv	adjective	slv
zavodljiv	adjective	hbs	zapeljiv	adjective	slv
tekstilan	adjective	hbs	tekstilen	adjective	slv
tekstilno	adverb	hbs	tekstilno	adverb	slv
ispitan	adjective	hbs	preskusen	adjective	slv
ispitno	adverb	hbs	preskusno	adverb	slv
kombiniran	adjective	hbs	kombiniran	adjective	slv
kombinirano	adverb	hbs	kombinirano	adverb	slv
priložen	adjective	hbs	priložen	adjective	slv
priloženo	adverb	hbs	priloženo	adverb	slv
multilateralan	adjective	hbs	večstranski	adjective	slv
multilateralno	adverb	hbs	večstransko	adverb	slv
banalan	adjective	hbs	banalen	adjective	slv
institucionalan	adjective	hbs	institucionalen	adjective	slv
institucionalno	adverb	hbs	institucionalno	adverb	slv
međuinstitucionalan	adjective	hbs	medinstitucionalen	adjective	slv
međuinstitucionalno	adverb	hbs	međuinstitucionalno	adverb	slv
bankovan	adjective	hbs	bančen	adjective	slv
bankovno	adverb	hbs	bančno	adverb	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	dolgočasen	adjective	slv
glasan	adjective	hbs	hrupen	adjective	slv
kompleksan	adjective	hbs	zahteven	adjective	slv
nespretan	adjective	hbs	neroden	adjective	slv
nesretan	adjective	hbs	nesrečen	adjective	slv
nježan	adjective	hbs	nežen	adjective	slv
odlučan	adjective	hbs	odločen	adjective	slv
odvažan	adjective	hbs	drzen	adjective	slv
opsežan	adjective	hbs	obsežen	adjective	slv
opsežan	adjective	hbs	obširen	adjective	slv
optimističan	adjective	hbs	optimističen	adjective	slv
pobožan	adjective	hbs	pobožen	adjective	slv
ponosan	adjective	hbs	ponosen	adjective	slv
poslušan	adjective	hbs	pohleven	adjective	slv
prijazan	adjective	hbs	prijazen	adjective	slv
uvozan	adjective	hbs	uvozen	adjective	slv
uvozno	adverb	hbs	uvozno	adverb	slv
vozan	adjective	hbs	vozen	adjective	slv
vozno	adverb	hbs	vozno	adverb	slv
izvozan	adjective	hbs	izvozen	adjective	slv
izvozno	adverb	hbs	izvozno	adverb	slv
prodoran	adjective	hbs	rezek	adjective	slv
siromašan	adjective	hbs	reven	adjective	slv
smiješan	adjective	hbs	smešen	adjective	slv
sramotan	adjective	hbs	sramoten	adjective	slv
taman	adjective	hbs	temen	adjective	slv
tužan	adjective	hbs	bridek	adjective	slv
velikodušan	adjective	hbs	radodaren	adjective	slv
vulgaran	adjective	hbs	vulgaren	adjective	slv
monetaran	adjective	hbs	monetaren	adjective	slv
monetarno	adverb	hbs	monetarno	adverb	slv
plenaran	adjective	hbs	plenaren	adjective	slv
plenarno	adverb	hbs	plenarno	adverb	slv
staklenički	adjective	hbs	toplogreden	adjective	slv
staklenički	adverb	hbs	toplogredno	adverb	slv
sintetički	adjective	hbs	sintetičen	adjective	slv
sintetički	adverb	hbs	sintetično	adverb	slv
željeznički	adjective	hbs	železniški	adjective	slv
željeznički	adverb	hbs	železniško	adverb	slv
anti-dampinški	adjective	hbs	protidampinški	adjective	slv
anti-dampinški	adverb	hbs	protidampinško	adverb	slv
dampinški	adjective	hbs	dampinški	adjective	slv
dampinški	adverb	hbs	dampinško	adverb	slv
tehnološki	adjective	hbs	tehnološki	adjective	slv
tehnološki	adverb	hbs	tehnološko	adverb	slv
statistički	adjective	hbs	statističen	adjective	slv
obnovljiv	adjective	hbs	obnovljiv	adjective	slv
obnovljivo	adverb	hbs	obnovljivo	adverb	slv
usporediv	adjective	hbs	primerljiv	adjective	slv
usporedivo	adverb	hbs	primerljivo	adverb	slv
kažnjiv	adjective	hbs	kazniv	adjective	slv
kažnjivo	adverb	hbs	kaznivo	adverb	slv
bogat	adjective	hbs	bogat	adjective	slv
silovit	adjective	hbs	silovit	adjective	slv
sirov	adjective	hbs	nesramen	adjective	slv
strm	adjective	hbs	strm	adjective	slv
drag	adjective	hbs	ljub	adjective	slv
blag	adjective	hbs	blag	adjective	slv
tih	adjective	hbs	tih	adjective	slv
neodređen	adjective	hbs	nedoločen	adjective	slv
veličanstven	adjective	hbs	krasen	adjective	slv
rječit	adjective	hbs	zgovoren	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	ohlapen	adjective	slv
svijetao	adjective	hbs	svetel	adjective	slv
okrugao	adjective	hbs	okrogel	adjective	slv
rijedak	adjective	hbs	redek	adjective	slv
plitak	adjective	hbs	plitev	adjective	slv
hrabar	adjective	hbs	pogumen	adjective	slv
bistar	adjective	hbs	bister	adjective	slv
jeziv	adjective	hbs	grozen	adjective	slv
besraman	adjective	hbs	nesramen	adjective	slv
grozan	adjective	hbs	grozen	adjective	slv
jednoličan	adjective	hbs	enoličen	adjective	slv
jednoličan	adjective	hbs	enoten	adjective	slv
jednoličan	adjective	hbs	enoten	adjective	slv
ljubazan	adjective	hbs	ljubezniv	adjective	slv
naporan	adjective	hbs	naporen	adjective	slv
neznatan	adjective	hbs	neznaten	adjective	slv
podroban	adjective	hbs	podroben	adjective	slv
prehramben	adjective	hbs	živilski	adjective	slv
prehrambeno	adverb	hbs	živilsko	adverb	slv
ponizan	adjective	hbs	ponižen	adjective	slv
samotan	adjective	hbs	samoten	adjective	slv
slabašan	adjective	hbs	slaboten	adjective	slv
zahtjevan	adjective	hbs	zahteven	adjective	slv
dragocjen	adjective	hbs	dragocen	adjective	slv
lakomislen	adjective	hbs	lahkomiseln	adjective	slv
očit	adjective	hbs	očiten	adjective	slv
rahao	adjective	hbs	rahel	adjective	slv
topao	adjective	hbs	topel	adjective	slv
smjeo	adjective	hbs	hraber	adjective	slv
predivan	adjective	hbs	lep	adjective	slv
brižan	adjective	hbs	brižen	adjective	slv
starčevački	adjective	hbs	starčevaški	adjective	slv
kulturološki	adjective	hbs	kulturološki	adjective	slv
biološki	adjective	hbs	biotski	adjective	slv
formuliran	adjective	hbs	formuliran	adjective	slv
cetinski	adjective	hbs	cetinski	adjective	slv
računovodski	adjective	hbs	računovodski	adjective	slv
računovodski	adverb	hbs	računovodsko	adverb	slv
genetski	adjective	hbs	genski	adjective	slv
danilski	adjective	hbs	danilski	adjective	slv
hvarski	adjective	hbs	hvarski	adjective	slv
krapinski	adjective	hbs	krapinski	adjective	slv
liburnski	adjective	hbs	liburnski	adjective	slv
lončarski	adjective	hbs	lončarski	adjective	slv
neandertalski	adjective	hbs	neandertalski	adjective	slv
panonski	adjective	hbs	panonski	adjective	slv
sjevernoatlanski	adjective	hbs	severnoatlanski	adjective	slv
sopotski	adjective	hbs	sopotski	adjective	slv
srednjoeuropski	adjective	hbs	srednjeevropski	adjective	slv
trgovinski	adjective	hbs	trgovinski	adjective	slv
vučedolski	adjective	hbs	vučedolski	adjective	slv
vinkovački	adjective	hbs	vinkovački	adjective	slv
liburnski	adjective	hbs	liburnijski	adjective	slv
dioničarski	adjective	hbs	delničarski	adjective	slv
aluminijski	adjective	hbs	aluminijski	adjective	slv
inzulinski	adjective	hbs	inzulinski	adjective	slv
insulinski	adjective	hbs	inzulinski	adjective	slv
međustranački	adjective	hbs	medstrankarski	adjective	slv
protutenkovski	adjective	hbs	protitankovski	adjective	slv
inozemni	adjective	hbs	tuj	adjective	slv
inostrani	adjective	hbs	tuj	adjective	slv
nestali	adjective	hbs	izginul	adjective	slv
garantni	adjective	hbs	garanten	adjective	slv
prioritetni	adjective	hbs	prednosten	adjective	slv
prioritetno	adverb	hbs	prednostno	adverb	slv
ratni	adjective	hbs	vojen	adjective	slv
prijemni	adjective	hbs	sprejemen	adjective	slv
ostali	adjective	hbs	ostal	adjective	slv
posljednji	adjective	hbs	zadnji	adjective	slv
uskršnji	adjective	hbs	velikonočen	adjective	slv
sveučilišni	adjective	hbs	univerziteten	adjective	slv
jutarnji	adjective	hbs	jutranji	adjective	slv
nogometni	adjective	hbs	nogometen	adjective	slv
dobrovoljni	adjective	hbs	prostovoljen	adjective	slv
frankofoni	adjective	hbs	frankofonski	adjective	slv
baletni	adjective	hbs	baleten	adjective	slv
okružni	adjective	hbs	okrožen	adjective	slv
strojni	adjective	hbs	strojen	adjective	slv
višedesetljetni	adjective	hbs	desetleten	adjective	slv
operni	adjective	hbs	operen	adjective	slv
prapovijesni	adjective	hbs	prazgodovinski	adjective	slv
protupožarni	adjective	hbs	gasilski	adjective	slv
renesansni	adjective	hbs	renesančen	adjective	slv
sredozemni	adjective	hbs	sredozemski	adjective	slv
trajektni	adjective	hbs	trajekten	adjective	slv
minuli	adjective	hbs	pretekel	adjective	slv
paravojni	adjective	hbs	paravojaški	adjective	slv
sigurnosni	adjective	hbs	varnosten	adjective	slv
bračni	adjective	hbs	poročen	adjective	slv
unutarnji	adjective	hbs	notranjski	adjective	slv
unutarnji	adjective	hbs	notranji	adjective	slv
unutarnje	adverb	hbs	notranjo	adverb	slv
vrhovni	adjective	hbs	vrhoven	adjective	slv
porezni	adjective	hbs	davčen	adjective	slv
dvodnevni	adjective	hbs	dvodneven	adjective	slv
dnevni	adjective	hbs	dneven	adjective	slv
dojučerašnji	adjective	hbs	včerajšnji	adjective	slv
dosadašnji	adjective	hbs	dosedanji	adjective	slv
zakonodavni	adjective	hbs	zakonodajen	adjective	slv
izborni	adjective	hbs	izbiren	adjective	slv
kontrolni	adjective	hbs	nadzoren	adjective	slv
krivični	adjective	hbs	kazenski	adjective	slv
međunarodni	adjective	hbs	mednaroden	adjective	slv
modni	adjective	hbs	moden	adjective	slv
osiguravajući	adjective	hbs	zavarovalen	adjective	slv
novčani	adjective	hbs	denaren	adjective	slv
daljnji	adjective	hbs	naslednji	adjective	slv
predizborni	adjective	hbs	predvolilen	adjective	slv
prethodni	adjective	hbs	prejšnji	adjective	slv
proljetni	adjective	hbs	pomladen	adjective	slv
propagandni	adjective	hbs	propaganden	adjective	slv
radni	adjective	hbs	deloven	adjective	slv
rezervni	adjective	hbs	rezerven	adjective	slv
potonji	adjective	hbs	poslednji	adjective	slv
savezni	adjective	hbs	zvezen	adjective	slv
srednji	adjective	hbs	srednji	adjective	slv
srednji	adjective	hbs	vmesen	adjective	slv
tekući	adjective	hbs	tekoč	adjective	slv
tjelesni	adjective	hbs	fizičen	adjective	slv
tranzitni	adjective	hbs	tranziten	adjective	slv
trodnevni	adjective	hbs	tridneven	adjective	slv
centralni	adjective	hbs	osrednji	adjective	slv
civilni	adjective	hbs	civilen	adjective	slv
jugoistočni	adjective	hbs	jugovzhoden	adjective	slv
tripartitni	adjective	hbs	tristranski	adjective	slv
bezbjedonosni	adjective	hbs	varnosten	adjective	slv
kvadratni	adjective	hbs	kvadraten	adjective	slv
infrastrukturni	adjective	hbs	infrastrukturen	adjective	slv
jednodnevni	adjective	hbs	enodneven	adjective	slv
opozicioni	adjective	hbs	nasproten	adjective	slv
krajnji	adjective	hbs	končen	adjective	slv
razni	adjective	hbs	razen	adjective	slv
gospodarski	adjective	hbs	gospodarski	adjective	slv
antitenkovski	adjective	hbs	protitankovski	adjective	slv
malokalibarski	adjective	hbs	malokalibrski	adjective	slv
nestranački	adjective	hbs	nestrankarski	adjective	slv
rentgenski	adjective	hbs	rentgenski	adjective	slv
tenkovski	adjective	hbs	tankovski	adjective	slv
duhanski	adjective	hbs	tobačen	adjective	slv
nadzorni	adjective	hbs	nadzoren	adjective	slv
četirmetarski	adjective	hbs	štirimetrski	adjective	slv
zastrašujući	adjective	hbs	zastrašujoč	adjective	slv
obvezujući	adjective	hbs	zavezujoč	adjective	slv
obvezujuće	adverb	hbs	zavezujočo	adverb	slv
arapski	adjective	hbs	arabski	adjective	slv
benzinski	adjective	hbs	bencinski	adjective	slv
desni	adjective	hbs	desni	adjective	slv
vatrogasni	adjective	hbs	gasilski	adjective	slv
nuklearni	adjective	hbs	jedrski	adjective	slv
gornji	adjective	hbs	gornji	adjective	slv
sutrašnji	adjective	hbs	jutrišnji	adjective	slv
ovogodišnji	adjective	hbs	letošnji	adjective	slv
današnji	adjective	hbs	današnji	adjective	slv
naredni	adjective	hbs	nadaljnji	adjective	slv
sljedeći	adjective	hbs	naslednji	adjective	slv
važeći	adjective	hbs	veljaven	adjective	slv
važeće	adverb	hbs	veljavno	adverb	slv
zadnji	adjective	hbs	poslednji	adjective	slv
ptičji	adjective	hbs	ptičji	adjective	slv
susjedni	adjective	hbs	sosednji	adjective	slv
donji	adjective	hbs	spodnji	adjective	slv
prednji	adjective	hbs	sprednji	adjective	slv
jučerašnji	adjective	hbs	včerajšnji	adjective	slv
gornji	adjective	hbs	vrhnji	adjective	slv
sadašnji	adjective	hbs	zdajšnji	adjective	slv
gornji	adjective	hbs	zgornji	adjective	slv
ptičji	adjective	hbs	ptičev	adjective	slv
predstojeći	adjective	hbs	bližajoč	adjective	slv
sljedeći	adjective	hbs	sledeč	adjective	slv
vladajući	adjective	hbs	vladajoč	adjective	slv
rotirajući	adjective	hbs	vrteč	adjective	slv
poljoprivredni	adjective	hbs	agrikulturen	adjective	slv
autobusni	adjective	hbs	avtobusen	adjective	slv
brigadni	adjective	hbs	brigaden	adjective	slv
navodni	adjective	hbs	domneven	adjective	slv
državni	adjective	hbs	državen	adjective	slv
glavni	adjective	hbs	glaven	adjective	slv
unutrašnji	adjective	hbs	interen	adjective	slv
kubni	adjective	hbs	kubičen	adjective	slv
mjesečni	adjective	hbs	mesečen	adjective	slv
minutni	adjective	hbs	minuten	adjective	slv
narodni	adjective	hbs	naroden	adjective	slv
pogranični	adjective	hbs	obmejen	adjective	slv
obrambeni	adjective	hbs	obramben	adjective	slv
podzemni	adjective	hbs	podzemen	adjective	slv
ljetni	adjective	hbs	poleten	adjective	slv
pravni	adjective	hbs	praven	adjective	slv
prodajni	adjective	hbs	prodajen	adjective	slv
poljoprivredni	adjective	hbs	kmetijski	adjective	slv
lijevi	adjective	hbs	levi	adjective	slv
unutrašnji	adjective	hbs	notranjski	adjective	slv
okolni	adjective	hbs	okoliški	adjective	slv
dječji	adjective	hbs	otroški	adjective	slv
poljoprivredni	adjective	hbs	poljedelski	adjective	slv
pravi	adjective	hbs	pravi	adjective	slv
sadašnji	adjective	hbs	sedanji	adjective	slv
srednjovjekovni	adjective	hbs	srednjeveški	adjective	slv
vojni	adjective	hbs	vojaški	adjective	slv
istočni	adjective	hbs	vzhodnoevropski	adjective	slv
zaštitni	adjective	hbs	zaščitniški	adjective	slv
povijesni	adjective	hbs	zgodovinski	adjective	slv
ručni	adjective	hbs	ročen	adjective	slv
tržišni	adjective	hbs	tržen	adjective	slv
ulični	adjective	hbs	uličen	adjective	slv
upravni	adjective	hbs	upraven	adjective	slv
zaštitni	adjective	hbs	varovalen	adjective	slv
vodeći	adjective	hbs	vodilen	adjective	slv
goveđi	adjective	hbs	goveji	adjective	slv
goveđe	adverb	hbs	govejo	adverb	slv
vojni	adjective	hbs	vojen	adjective	slv
početni	adjective	hbs	začeten	adjective	slv
bivši	adjective	hbs	bivši	adjective	slv
prednji	adjective	hbs	prednji	adjective	slv
godišnji	adjective	hbs	leten	adjective	slv
unutarpartijski	adjective	hbs	znotrajstrankarski	adjective	slv
bližnji	adjective	hbs	sosedski	adjective	slv
orkestralni	adjective	hbs	orkestrski	adjective	slv
nepartijski	adjective	hbs	nepartijski	adjective	slv
jednostranački	adjective	hbs	enostrankarski	adjective	slv
jednopartijski	adverb	hbs	enopartijsko	adverb	slv
jednopartijski	adjective	hbs	enopartijski	adjective	slv
reformni	adjective	hbs	reformiran	adjective	slv
investicioni	adjective	hbs	naložben	adjective	slv
računalni	adjective	hbs	računalen	adjective	slv
pripremni	adjective	hbs	pripravljalen	adjective	slv
probni	adjective	hbs	testen	adjective	slv
proizvodni	adjective	hbs	proizvoden	adjective	slv
reklamni	adjective	hbs	oglaševalen	adjective	slv
fiskalni	adjective	hbs	fiskalen	adjective	slv
strukturni	adjective	hbs	strukturen	adjective	slv
uzajamni	adjective	hbs	vzajemen	adjective	slv
obrazovni	adjective	hbs	izobraževalen	adjective	slv
zrakoplovni	adjective	hbs	zrakoploven	adjective	slv
vazduhoplovni	adjective	hbs	zrakoploven	adjective	slv
domoljubni	adjective	hbs	domoljuben	adjective	slv
obrađen	adjective	hbs	obdelan	adjective	slv
kapitalan	adjective	hbs	kapitalski	adjective	slv
kapitalno	adverb	hbs	kapitalsko	adverb	slv
kompatibilan	adjective	hbs	združljiv	adjective	slv
kompatibilno	adverb	hbs	združljivo	adverb	slv
sam	adjective	hbs	sam	adjective	slv
smješten	adjective	hbs	umeščen	adjective	slv
nemoguć	adjective	hbs	nemogoč	adjective	slv
moguć	adjective	hbs	mogoč	adjective	slv
moguće	adverb	hbs	mogoče	adverb	slv
oblikovan	adjective	hbs	oblikovan	adjective	slv
cestovan	adjective	hbs	cesten	adjective	slv
cestovno	adverb	hbs	cestno	adverb	slv
vladin	adjective	hbs	vladen	adjective	slv
nevladin	adjective	hbs	nevladen	adjective	slv
keltski	adjective	hbs	keltski	adjective	slv
izgubljen	adjective	hbs	izgubljen	adjective	slv
grupni	adjective	hbs	skupinski	adjective	slv
krevetni	adjective	hbs	posteljen	adjective	slv
obećavajući	adjective	hbs	obetaven	adjective	slv
crvenokos	adjective	hbs	rdečelas	adjective	slv
pravovremen	adjective	hbs	pravočasen	adjective	slv
potvrdan	adjective	hbs	potrjen	adjective	slv
standardan	adjective	hbs	standarden	adjective	slv
standardno	adverb	hbs	standardno	adverb	slv
natprosječan	adjective	hbs	nadpovprečen	adjective	slv
prosječan	adjective	hbs	povprečen	adjective	slv
dan	adjective	hbs	dan	adjective	slv
naplatni	adjective	hbs	kasiran	adjective	slv
cvjetni	adjective	hbs	cveten	adjective	slv
razredni	adjective	hbs	razreden	adjective	slv
jedini	adjective	hbs	edin	adjective	slv
prošli	adjective	hbs	pretekel	adjective	slv
budući	adjective	hbs	bodoč	adjective	slv
budući	adjective	hbs	prihodnji	adjective	slv
buduće	adverb	hbs	prihodnjo	adverb	slv
trostranački	adjective	hbs	tristranski	adjective	slv
inspekcijski	adverb	hbs	inšpekcijsko	adverb	slv
inspekcijski	adjective	hbs	inšpekcijski	adjective	slv
intervencijski	adjective	hbs	intervencijski	adjective	slv
intervencijski	adverb	hbs	intervencijsko	adverb	slv
brodograditeljski	adjective	hbs	ladjedelski	adjective	slv
brodograditeljski	adjective	hbs	ladjedelski	adjective	slv
brodograditeljski	adjective	hbs	ladjedelski	adjective	slv
brodograditeljski	adjective	hbs	ladjedelski	adjective	slv
opozicijski	adjective	hbs	opozicijski	adjective	slv
opozicijski	adjective	hbs	opozicijski	adjective	slv
opozicijski	adjective	hbs	opozicijski	adjective	slv
opozicijski	adjective	hbs	opozicijski	adjective	slv
investicijski	adjective	hbs	investicijski	adjective	slv
investicijski	adjective	hbs	investicijski	adjective	slv
investicijski	adjective	hbs	investicijski	adjective	slv
investicijski	adjective	hbs	investicijski	adjective	slv
tužiteljski	adjective	hbs	tožilski	adjective	slv
tužiteljski	adjective	hbs	tožilski	adjective	slv
tužiteljski	adjective	hbs	tožilski	adjective	slv
tužiteljski	adjective	hbs	tožilski	adjective	slv
kolovoški	adjective	hbs	avgustovski	adjective	slv
kolovoški	adjective	hbs	avgustovski	adjective	slv
kolovoški	adjective	hbs	avgustovski	adjective	slv
kolovoški	adjective	hbs	avgustovski	adjective	slv
staklenički	adjective	hbs	toplogreden	adjective	slv
američki	adjective	hbs	ameriški	adjective	slv
američki	adjective	hbs	ameriški	adjective	slv
američki	adjective	hbs	ameriški	adjective	slv
američki	adjective	hbs	ameriški	adjective	slv
atenski	adjective	hbs	atenski	adjective	slv
atenski	adjective	hbs	atenski	adjective	slv
atenski	adjective	hbs	atenski	adjective	slv
atenski	adjective	hbs	atenski	adjective	slv
bagdadski	adjective	hbs	bagdadski	adjective	slv
bagdadski	adjective	hbs	bagdadski	adjective	slv
bagdadski	adjective	hbs	bagdadski	adjective	slv
bagdadski	adjective	hbs	bagdadski	adjective	slv
beogradski	adjective	hbs	beograjski	adjective	slv
beogradski	adjective	hbs	beograjski	adjective	slv
beogradski	adjective	hbs	beograjski	adjective	slv
beogradski	adjective	hbs	beograjski	adjective	slv
bitolski	adjective	hbs	bitolski	adjective	slv
bitolski	adjective	hbs	bitolski	adjective	slv
bitolski	adjective	hbs	bitolski	adjective	slv
bitolski	adjective	hbs	bitolski	adjective	slv
bolonjski	adjective	hbs	bolonjski	adjective	slv
bolonjski	adjective	hbs	bolonjski	adjective	slv
bolonjski	adjective	hbs	bolonjski	adjective	slv
bolonjski	adjective	hbs	bolonjski	adjective	slv
vandalski	adjective	hbs	vandalski	adjective	slv
vandalski	adjective	hbs	vandalski	adjective	slv
vandalski	adjective	hbs	vandalski	adjective	slv
vandalski	adjective	hbs	vandalski	adjective	slv
varšavski	adjective	hbs	varšavsko	adjective	slv
varšavski	adjective	hbs	varšavsko	adjective	slv
varšavski	adjective	hbs	varšavsko	adjective	slv
varšavski	adjective	hbs	varšavsko	adjective	slv
vašingtonski	adjective	hbs	washingtonski	adjective	slv
vašingtonski	adjective	hbs	washingtonski	adjective	slv
vašingtonski	adjective	hbs	washingtonski	adjective	slv
vašingtonski	adjective	hbs	washingtonski	adjective	slv
venezuelanski	adjective	hbs	venezuelski	adjective	slv
venezuelanski	adjective	hbs	venezuelski	adjective	slv
venezuelanski	adjective	hbs	venezuelski	adjective	slv
venezuelanski	adjective	hbs	venezuelski	adjective	slv
bečki	adjective	hbs	dunajski	adjective	slv
bečki	adjective	hbs	dunajski	adjective	slv
bečki	adjective	hbs	dunajski	adjective	slv
bečki	adjective	hbs	dunajski	adjective	slv
zagrebački	adjective	hbs	zagrebški	adjective	slv
zagrebački	adjective	hbs	zagrebški	adjective	slv
zagrebački	adjective	hbs	zagrebški	adjective	slv
zagrebački	adjective	hbs	zagrebški	adjective	slv
zatvorski	adjective	hbs	zaporski	adjective	slv
zatvorski	adjective	hbs	zaporski	adjective	slv
zatvorski	adjective	hbs	zaporski	adjective	slv
zatvorski	adjective	hbs	zaporski	adjective	slv
zemunski	adjective	hbs	zemunski	adjective	slv
zemunski	adjective	hbs	zemunski	adjective	slv
zemunski	adjective	hbs	zemunski	adjective	slv
zemunski	adjective	hbs	zemunski	adjective	slv
ilindenski	adjective	hbs	ilindenski	adjective	slv
ilindenski	adjective	hbs	ilindenski	adjective	slv
ilindenski	adjective	hbs	ilindenski	adjective	slv
ilindenski	adjective	hbs	ilindenski	adjective	slv
irački	adjective	hbs	iraški	adjective	slv
irački	adjective	hbs	iraški	adjective	slv
irački	adjective	hbs	iraški	adjective	slv
irački	adjective	hbs	iraški	adjective	slv
islamski	adjective	hbs	islamski	adjective	slv
islamski	adjective	hbs	islamski	adjective	slv
islamski	adjective	hbs	islamski	adjective	slv
islamski	adjective	hbs	islamski	adjective	slv
istanbulski	adjective	hbs	istanbulski	adjective	slv
istanbulski	adjective	hbs	istanbulski	adjective	slv
istanbulski	adjective	hbs	istanbulski	adjective	slv
istanbulski	adjective	hbs	istanbulski	adjective	slv
katarski	adjective	hbs	katarski	adjective	slv
katarski	adjective	hbs	katarski	adjective	slv
katarski	adjective	hbs	katarski	adjective	slv
katarski	adjective	hbs	katarski	adjective	slv
ciparski	adjective	hbs	ciprski	adjective	slv
ciparski	adjective	hbs	ciprski	adjective	slv
ciparski	adjective	hbs	ciprski	adjective	slv
ciparski	adjective	hbs	ciprski	adjective	slv
kiparski	adjective	hbs	ciprski	adjective	slv
kiparski	adjective	hbs	ciprski	adjective	slv
kiparski	adjective	hbs	ciprski	adjective	slv
kiparski	adjective	hbs	ciprski	adjective	slv
manjinski	adjective	hbs	manjšinski	adjective	slv
manjinski	adjective	hbs	manjšinski	adjective	slv
manjinski	adjective	hbs	manjšinski	adjective	slv
manjinski	adjective	hbs	manjšinski	adjective	slv
maratonski	adjective	hbs	maratonski	adjective	slv
maratonski	adjective	hbs	maratonski	adjective	slv
maratonski	adjective	hbs	maratonski	adjective	slv
maratonski	adjective	hbs	maratonski	adjective	slv
martovski	adjective	hbs	marčevski	adjective	slv
martovski	adjective	hbs	marčevski	adjective	slv
martovski	adjective	hbs	marčevski	adjective	slv
martovski	adjective	hbs	marčevski	adjective	slv
ožujski	adjective	hbs	marčevski	adjective	slv
ožujski	adjective	hbs	marčevski	adjective	slv
ožujski	adjective	hbs	marčevski	adjective	slv
ožujski	adjective	hbs	marčevski	adjective	slv
meksički	adjective	hbs	mehiški	adjective	slv
meksički	adjective	hbs	mehiški	adjective	slv
meksički	adjective	hbs	mehiški	adjective	slv
meksički	adjective	hbs	mehiški	adjective	slv
moldavski	adjective	hbs	moldavski	adjective	slv
moldavski	adjective	hbs	moldavski	adjective	slv
moldavski	adjective	hbs	moldavski	adjective	slv
moldavski	adjective	hbs	moldavski	adjective	slv
novosadski	adjective	hbs	novosadski	adjective	slv
novosadski	adjective	hbs	novosadski	adjective	slv
novosadski	adjective	hbs	novosadski	adjective	slv
novosadski	adjective	hbs	novosadski	adjective	slv
ohridski	adjective	hbs	ohridski	adjective	slv
ohridski	adjective	hbs	ohridski	adjective	slv
ohridski	adjective	hbs	ohridski	adjective	slv
ohridski	adjective	hbs	ohridski	adjective	slv
pregovarački	adjective	hbs	pogajalski	adjective	slv
pregovarački	adjective	hbs	pogajalski	adjective	slv
pregovarački	adjective	hbs	pogajalski	adjective	slv
pregovarački	adjective	hbs	pogajalski	adjective	slv
premijerski	adjective	hbs	premierski	adjective	slv
premijerski	adjective	hbs	premierski	adjective	slv
premijerski	adjective	hbs	premierski	adjective	slv
premijerski	adjective	hbs	premierski	adjective	slv
predstavnički	adjective	hbs	predstavniški	adjective	slv
predstavnički	adjective	hbs	predstavniški	adjective	slv
predstavnički	adjective	hbs	predstavniški	adjective	slv
predstavnički	adjective	hbs	predstavniški	adjective	slv
republikanski	adjective	hbs	republikanski	adjective	slv
republikanski	adjective	hbs	republikanski	adjective	slv
republikanski	adjective	hbs	republikanski	adjective	slv
republikanski	adjective	hbs	republikanski	adjective	slv
roditeljski	adjective	hbs	starševski	adjective	slv
roditeljski	adjective	hbs	starševski	adjective	slv
roditeljski	adjective	hbs	starševski	adjective	slv
roditeljski	adjective	hbs	starševski	adjective	slv
sarajevski	adjective	hbs	sarajevski	adjective	slv
sarajevski	adjective	hbs	sarajevski	adjective	slv
sarajevski	adjective	hbs	sarajevski	adjective	slv
sarajevski	adjective	hbs	sarajevski	adjective	slv
skopski	adjective	hbs	skopski	adjective	slv
skopski	adjective	hbs	skopski	adjective	slv
skopski	adjective	hbs	skopski	adjective	slv
skopski	adjective	hbs	skopski	adjective	slv
solunski	adjective	hbs	solunski	adjective	slv
solunski	adjective	hbs	solunski	adjective	slv
solunski	adjective	hbs	solunski	adjective	slv
solunski	adjective	hbs	solunski	adjective	slv
sofijski	adjective	hbs	sofijski	adjective	slv
sofijski	adjective	hbs	sofijski	adjective	slv
sofijski	adjective	hbs	sofijski	adjective	slv
sofijski	adjective	hbs	sofijski	adjective	slv
socijaldemokratski	adjective	hbs	socialdemokratski	adjective	slv
socijaldemokratski	adjective	hbs	socialdemokratski	adjective	slv
socijaldemokratski	adjective	hbs	socialdemokratski	adjective	slv
socijaldemokratski	adjective	hbs	socialdemokratski	adjective	slv
splitski	adjective	hbs	splitski	adjective	slv
splitski	adjective	hbs	splitski	adjective	slv
splitski	adjective	hbs	splitski	adjective	slv
splitski	adjective	hbs	splitski	adjective	slv
talibanski	adjective	hbs	talibanski	adjective	slv
talibanski	adjective	hbs	talibanski	adjective	slv
talibanski	adjective	hbs	talibanski	adjective	slv
talibanski	adjective	hbs	talibanski	adjective	slv
tatarski	adjective	hbs	tatarski	adjective	slv
tatarski	adjective	hbs	tatarski	adjective	slv
tatarski	adjective	hbs	tatarski	adjective	slv
tatarski	adjective	hbs	tatarski	adjective	slv
tetovski	adjective	hbs	tetovski	adjective	slv
tetovski	adjective	hbs	tetovski	adjective	slv
tetovski	adjective	hbs	tetovski	adjective	slv
tetovski	adjective	hbs	tetovski	adjective	slv
februarski	adjective	hbs	februarski	adjective	slv
februarski	adjective	hbs	februarski	adjective	slv
februarski	adjective	hbs	februarski	adjective	slv
februarski	adjective	hbs	februarski	adjective	slv
veljački	adjective	hbs	februarski	adjective	slv
veljački	adjective	hbs	februarski	adjective	slv
veljački	adjective	hbs	februarski	adjective	slv
veljački	adjective	hbs	februarski	adjective	slv
frankfurtski	adjective	hbs	frankfurtski	adjective	slv
frankfurtski	adjective	hbs	frankfurtski	adjective	slv
frankfurtski	adjective	hbs	frankfurtski	adjective	slv
frankfurtski	adjective	hbs	frankfurtski	adjective	slv
haški	adjective	hbs	haaški	adjective	slv
haški	adjective	hbs	haaški	adjective	slv
haški	adjective	hbs	haaški	adjective	slv
haški	adjective	hbs	haaški	adjective	slv
holandski	adjective	hbs	nizozemski	adjective	slv
holandski	adjective	hbs	nizozemski	adjective	slv
holandski	adjective	hbs	nizozemski	adjective	slv
holandski	adjective	hbs	nizozemski	adjective	slv
carigradski	adjective	hbs	carigrajski	adjective	slv
carigradski	adjective	hbs	carigrajski	adjective	slv
carigradski	adjective	hbs	carigrajski	adjective	slv
carigradski	adjective	hbs	carigrajski	adjective	slv
šijitski	adjective	hbs	šiitski	adjective	slv
šijitski	adjective	hbs	šiitski	adjective	slv
šijitski	adjective	hbs	šiitski	adjective	slv
šijitski	adjective	hbs	šiitski	adjective	slv
advokatski	adjective	hbs	odvetniški	adjective	slv
advokatski	adjective	hbs	odvetniški	adjective	slv
advokatski	adjective	hbs	odvetniški	adjective	slv
advokatski	adjective	hbs	odvetniški	adjective	slv
banatski	adjective	hbs	banatski	adjective	slv
banatski	adjective	hbs	banatski	adjective	slv
banatski	adjective	hbs	banatski	adjective	slv
banatski	adjective	hbs	banatski	adjective	slv
barcelonski	adjective	hbs	barcelonski	adjective	slv
barcelonski	adjective	hbs	barcelonski	adjective	slv
barcelonski	adjective	hbs	barcelonski	adjective	slv
barcelonski	adjective	hbs	barcelonski	adjective	slv
bernski	adjective	hbs	bernski	adjective	slv
bernski	adjective	hbs	bernski	adjective	slv
bernski	adjective	hbs	bernski	adjective	slv
bernski	adjective	hbs	bernski	adjective	slv
bostonski	adjective	hbs	bostonski	adjective	slv
bostonski	adjective	hbs	bostonski	adjective	slv
bostonski	adjective	hbs	bostonski	adjective	slv
bostonski	adjective	hbs	bostonski	adjective	slv
brokerski	adjective	hbs	posredniški	adjective	slv
brokerski	adjective	hbs	posredniški	adjective	slv
brokerski	adjective	hbs	posredniški	adjective	slv
brokerski	adjective	hbs	posredniški	adjective	slv
bizantinski	adjective	hbs	bizantinski	adjective	slv
bizantinski	adjective	hbs	bizantinski	adjective	slv
bizantinski	adjective	hbs	bizantinski	adjective	slv
bizantinski	adjective	hbs	bizantinski	adjective	slv
generalski	adjective	hbs	generalski	adjective	slv
generalski	adjective	hbs	generalski	adjective	slv
generalski	adjective	hbs	generalski	adjective	slv
generalski	adjective	hbs	generalski	adjective	slv
golanski	adjective	hbs	golanski	adjective	slv
golanski	adjective	hbs	golanski	adjective	slv
golanski	adjective	hbs	golanski	adjective	slv
golanski	adjective	hbs	golanski	adjective	slv
dunavski	adjective	hbs	donavski	adjective	slv
dunavski	adjective	hbs	donavski	adjective	slv
dunavski	adjective	hbs	donavski	adjective	slv
dunavski	adjective	hbs	donavski	adjective	slv
euroazijski	adjective	hbs	evrazijski	adjective	slv
euroazijski	adjective	hbs	evrazijski	adjective	slv
euroazijski	adjective	hbs	evrazijski	adjective	slv
euroazijski	adjective	hbs	evrazijski	adjective	slv
evroazijski	adjective	hbs	evrazijski	adjective	slv
evroazijski	adjective	hbs	evrazijski	adjective	slv
evroazijski	adjective	hbs	evrazijski	adjective	slv
evroazijski	adjective	hbs	evrazijski	adjective	slv
etnografski	adjective	hbs	etnografski	adjective	slv
etnografski	adjective	hbs	etnografski	adjective	slv
etnografski	adjective	hbs	etnografski	adjective	slv
etnografski	adjective	hbs	etnografski	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	zaporniški	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	zaporniški	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	zaporniški	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	zaporniški	adjective	slv
zetski	adjective	hbs	zetski	adjective	slv
zetski	adjective	hbs	zetski	adjective	slv
zetski	adjective	hbs	zetski	adjective	slv
zetski	adjective	hbs	zetski	adjective	slv
imigrantski	adjective	hbs	priseljenski	adjective	slv
imigrantski	adjective	hbs	priseljenski	adjective	slv
imigrantski	adjective	hbs	priseljenski	adjective	slv
imigrantski	adjective	hbs	priseljenski	adjective	slv
imigracijski	adjective	hbs	priseljenski	adjective	slv
imigracijski	adjective	hbs	priseljenski	adjective	slv
imigracijski	adjective	hbs	priseljenski	adjective	slv
imigracijski	adjective	hbs	priseljenski	adjective	slv
imperatorski	adjective	hbs	imperijski	adjective	slv
imperatorski	adjective	hbs	imperijski	adjective	slv
imperatorski	adjective	hbs	imperijski	adjective	slv
imperatorski	adjective	hbs	imperijski	adjective	slv
investitorski	adjective	hbs	investitorski	adjective	slv
investitorski	adjective	hbs	investitorski	adjective	slv
investitorski	adjective	hbs	investitorski	adjective	slv
investitorski	adjective	hbs	investitorski	adjective	slv
karipski	adjective	hbs	karibski	adjective	slv
karipski	adjective	hbs	karibski	adjective	slv
karipski	adjective	hbs	karibski	adjective	slv
karipski	adjective	hbs	karibski	adjective	slv
kongoanski	adjective	hbs	kongovski	adjective	slv
kongoanski	adjective	hbs	kongovski	adjective	slv
kongoanski	adjective	hbs	kongovski	adjective	slv
kongoanski	adjective	hbs	kongovski	adjective	slv
lihtenštajnski	adjective	hbs	liechtensteinski	adjective	slv
lihtenštajnski	adjective	hbs	liechtensteinski	adjective	slv
lihtenštajnski	adjective	hbs	liechtensteinski	adjective	slv
lihtenštajnski	adjective	hbs	liechtensteinski	adjective	slv
magistarski	adjective	hbs	magistrski	adjective	slv
magistarski	adjective	hbs	magistrski	adjective	slv
magistarski	adjective	hbs	magistrski	adjective	slv
magistarski	adjective	hbs	magistrski	adjective	slv
operatorski	adjective	hbs	operaterski	adjective	slv
operatorski	adjective	hbs	operaterski	adjective	slv
operatorski	adjective	hbs	operaterski	adjective	slv
operatorski	adjective	hbs	operaterski	adjective	slv
otomanski	adjective	hbs	otomanski	adjective	slv
otomanski	adjective	hbs	otomanski	adjective	slv
otomanski	adjective	hbs	otomanski	adjective	slv
otomanski	adjective	hbs	otomanski	adjective	slv
panamski	adjective	hbs	panamski	adjective	slv
panamski	adjective	hbs	panamski	adjective	slv
panamski	adjective	hbs	panamski	adjective	slv
panamski	adjective	hbs	panamski	adjective	slv
peloponeški	adjective	hbs	peloponeški	adjective	slv
peloponeški	adjective	hbs	peloponeški	adjective	slv
peloponeški	adjective	hbs	peloponeški	adjective	slv
peloponeški	adjective	hbs	peloponeški	adjective	slv
podgorički	adjective	hbs	podgoriški	adjective	slv
podgorički	adjective	hbs	podgoriški	adjective	slv
podgorički	adjective	hbs	podgoriški	adjective	slv
podgorički	adjective	hbs	podgoriški	adjective	slv
predrimski	adjective	hbs	predrimski	adjective	slv
predrimski	adjective	hbs	predrimski	adjective	slv
predrimski	adjective	hbs	predrimski	adjective	slv
predrimski	adjective	hbs	predrimski	adjective	slv
producentski	adjective	hbs	producentski	adjective	slv
producentski	adjective	hbs	producentski	adjective	slv
producentski	adjective	hbs	producentski	adjective	slv
producentski	adjective	hbs	producentski	adjective	slv
ribarski	adjective	hbs	ribolovski	adjective	slv
ribarski	adjective	hbs	ribolovski	adjective	slv
ribarski	adjective	hbs	ribolovski	adjective	slv
ribarski	adjective	hbs	ribolovski	adjective	slv
rilski	adjective	hbs	rilski	adjective	slv
rilski	adjective	hbs	rilski	adjective	slv
rilski	adjective	hbs	rilski	adjective	slv
rilski	adjective	hbs	rilski	adjective	slv
samurajski	adjective	hbs	samurajski	adjective	slv
samurajski	adjective	hbs	samurajski	adjective	slv
samurajski	adjective	hbs	samurajski	adjective	slv
samurajski	adjective	hbs	samurajski	adjective	slv
singapurski	adjective	hbs	singapurski	adjective	slv
singapurski	adjective	hbs	singapurski	adjective	slv
singapurski	adjective	hbs	singapurski	adjective	slv
singapurski	adjective	hbs	singapurski	adjective	slv
sirijski	adjective	hbs	sirski	adjective	slv
sirijski	adjective	hbs	sirski	adjective	slv
sirijski	adjective	hbs	sirski	adjective	slv
sirijski	adjective	hbs	sirski	adjective	slv
slastičarski	adjective	hbs	slaščičarski	adjective	slv
slastičarski	adjective	hbs	slaščičarski	adjective	slv
slastičarski	adjective	hbs	slaščičarski	adjective	slv
slastičarski	adjective	hbs	slaščičarski	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	sponzorski	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	sponzorski	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	sponzorski	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	sponzorski	adjective	slv
staroslavenski	adjective	hbs	staroslovenski	adjective	slv
staroslavenski	adjective	hbs	staroslovenski	adjective	slv
staroslavenski	adjective	hbs	staroslovenski	adjective	slv
staroslavenski	adjective	hbs	staroslovenski	adjective	slv
staroslovenski	adjective	hbs	staroslovenski	adjective	slv
staroslovenski	adjective	hbs	staroslovenski	adjective	slv
staroslovenski	adjective	hbs	staroslovenski	adjective	slv
staroslovenski	adjective	hbs	staroslovenski	adjective	slv
franjevački	adjective	hbs	frančiškanski	adjective	slv
franjevački	adjective	hbs	frančiškanski	adjective	slv
franjevački	adjective	hbs	frančiškanski	adjective	slv
franjevački	adjective	hbs	frančiškanski	adjective	slv
hercegovački	adjective	hbs	hercegovski	adjective	slv
hercegovački	adjective	hbs	hercegovski	adjective	slv
hercegovački	adjective	hbs	hercegovski	adjective	slv
hercegovački	adjective	hbs	hercegovski	adjective	slv
avnojski	adjective	hbs	avnojski	adjective	slv
avnojski	adjective	hbs	avnojski	adjective	slv
avnojski	adjective	hbs	avnojski	adjective	slv
avnojski	adjective	hbs	avnojski	adjective	slv
australski	adjective	hbs	avstralski	adjective	slv
australski	adjective	hbs	avstralski	adjective	slv
australski	adjective	hbs	avstralski	adjective	slv
australski	adjective	hbs	avstralski	adjective	slv
autobiografski	adjective	hbs	autobiografski	adjective	slv
autobiografski	adjective	hbs	autobiografski	adjective	slv
autobiografski	adjective	hbs	autobiografski	adjective	slv
autobiografski	adjective	hbs	autobiografski	adjective	slv
automobilski	adjective	hbs	avtomobilski	adjective	slv
automobilski	adjective	hbs	avtomobilski	adjective	slv
automobilski	adjective	hbs	avtomobilski	adjective	slv
automobilski	adjective	hbs	avtomobilski	adjective	slv
administratorski	adjective	hbs	administratorski	adjective	slv
administratorski	adjective	hbs	administratorski	adjective	slv
administratorski	adjective	hbs	administratorski	adjective	slv
administratorski	adjective	hbs	administratorski	adjective	slv
akcionerski	adjective	hbs	delniški	adjective	slv
akcionerski	adjective	hbs	delniški	adjective	slv
akcionerski	adjective	hbs	delniški	adjective	slv
akcionerski	adjective	hbs	delniški	adjective	slv
akcionerski	adjective	hbs	delničarski	adjective	slv
akcionerski	adjective	hbs	delničarski	adjective	slv
akcionerski	adjective	hbs	delničarski	adjective	slv
akcionerski	adjective	hbs	delničarski	adjective	slv
ambasadorski	adjective	hbs	ambasadorski	adjective	slv
ambasadorski	adjective	hbs	ambasadorski	adjective	slv
ambasadorski	adjective	hbs	ambasadorski	adjective	slv
ambasadorski	adjective	hbs	ambasadorski	adjective	slv
antikorupcijski	adjective	hbs	protikorupcijski	adjective	slv
antikorupcijski	adjective	hbs	protikorupcijski	adjective	slv
antikorupcijski	adjective	hbs	protikorupcijski	adjective	slv
antikorupcijski	adjective	hbs	protikorupcijski	adjective	slv
antisemitski	adjective	hbs	antisemitski	adjective	slv
antisemitski	adjective	hbs	antisemitski	adjective	slv
antisemitski	adjective	hbs	antisemitski	adjective	slv
antisemitski	adjective	hbs	antisemitski	adjective	slv
arhivski	adjective	hbs	arhivski	adjective	slv
arhivski	adjective	hbs	arhivski	adjective	slv
arhivski	adjective	hbs	arhivski	adjective	slv
arhivski	adjective	hbs	arhivski	adjective	slv
bibliotekarski	adjective	hbs	knjižničarski	adjective	slv
bibliotekarski	adjective	hbs	knjižničarski	adjective	slv
bibliotekarski	adjective	hbs	knjižničarski	adjective	slv
bibliotekarski	adjective	hbs	knjižničarski	adjective	slv
biokemijski	adjective	hbs	biokemijski	adjective	slv
biokemijski	adjective	hbs	biokemijski	adjective	slv
biokemijski	adjective	hbs	biokemijski	adjective	slv
biokemijski	adjective	hbs	biokemijski	adjective	slv
biohemijski	adjective	hbs	biokemijski	adjective	slv
biohemijski	adjective	hbs	biokemijski	adjective	slv
biohemijski	adjective	hbs	biokemijski	adjective	slv
biohemijski	adjective	hbs	biokemijski	adjective	slv
veteranski	adjective	hbs	veteranski	adjective	slv
veteranski	adjective	hbs	veteranski	adjective	slv
veteranski	adjective	hbs	veteranski	adjective	slv
veteranski	adjective	hbs	veteranski	adjective	slv
bizantijski	adjective	hbs	bizantinski	adjective	slv
bizantijski	adjective	hbs	bizantinski	adjective	slv
bizantijski	adjective	hbs	bizantinski	adjective	slv
bizantijski	adjective	hbs	bizantinski	adjective	slv
violinski	adjective	hbs	violinski	adjective	slv
violinski	adjective	hbs	violinski	adjective	slv
violinski	adjective	hbs	violinski	adjective	slv
violinski	adjective	hbs	violinski	adjective	slv
garancijski	adjective	hbs	garancijski	adjective	slv
garancijski	adjective	hbs	garancijski	adjective	slv
garancijski	adjective	hbs	garancijski	adjective	slv
garancijski	adjective	hbs	garancijski	adjective	slv
kuharski	adjective	hbs	kuharski	adjective	slv
kuharski	adjective	hbs	kuharski	adjective	slv
kuharski	adjective	hbs	kuharski	adjective	slv
kuharski	adjective	hbs	kuharski	adjective	slv
guvernerski	adjective	hbs	guvernerski	adjective	slv
guvernerski	adjective	hbs	guvernerski	adjective	slv
guvernerski	adjective	hbs	guvernerski	adjective	slv
guvernerski	adjective	hbs	guvernerski	adjective	slv
dublinski	adjective	hbs	dublinski	adjective	slv
dublinski	adjective	hbs	dublinski	adjective	slv
dublinski	adjective	hbs	dublinski	adjective	slv
dublinski	adjective	hbs	dublinski	adjective	slv
dablinski	adjective	hbs	dublinski	adjective	slv
dablinski	adjective	hbs	dublinski	adjective	slv
dablinski	adjective	hbs	dublinski	adjective	slv
dablinski	adjective	hbs	dublinski	adjective	slv
debitantski	adjective	hbs	debitantski	adjective	slv
debitantski	adjective	hbs	debitantski	adjective	slv
debitantski	adjective	hbs	debitantski	adjective	slv
debitantski	adjective	hbs	debitantski	adjective	slv
demonstracijski	adjective	hbs	demonstracijski	adjective	slv
demonstracijski	adjective	hbs	demonstracijski	adjective	slv
demonstracijski	adjective	hbs	demonstracijski	adjective	slv
demonstracijski	adjective	hbs	demonstracijski	adjective	slv
demokršćanski	adjective	hbs	demokrščanski	adjective	slv
demokršćanski	adjective	hbs	demokrščanski	adjective	slv
demokršćanski	adjective	hbs	demokrščanski	adjective	slv
demokršćanski	adjective	hbs	demokrščanski	adjective	slv
demohrišćanski	adjective	hbs	krščanskodemokratski	adjective	slv
demohrišćanski	adjective	hbs	krščanskodemokratski	adjective	slv
demohrišćanski	adjective	hbs	krščanskodemokratski	adjective	slv
demohrišćanski	adjective	hbs	krščanskodemokratski	adjective	slv
direktorski	adjective	hbs	režijski	adjective	slv
direktorski	adjective	hbs	režijski	adjective	slv
direktorski	adjective	hbs	režijski	adjective	slv
direktorski	adjective	hbs	režijski	adjective	slv
distribucijski	adjective	hbs	distribucijski	adjective	slv
distribucijski	adjective	hbs	distribucijski	adjective	slv
distribucijski	adjective	hbs	distribucijski	adjective	slv
distribucijski	adjective	hbs	distribucijski	adjective	slv
donatorski	adjective	hbs	donatorski	adjective	slv
donatorski	adjective	hbs	donatorski	adjective	slv
donatorski	adjective	hbs	donatorski	adjective	slv
donatorski	adjective	hbs	donatorski	adjective	slv
emigracijski	adjective	hbs	izseljeniški	adjective	slv
emigracijski	adjective	hbs	izseljeniški	adjective	slv
emigracijski	adjective	hbs	izseljeniški	adjective	slv
emigracijski	adjective	hbs	izseljeniški	adjective	slv
trubadurski	adjective	hbs	trubadurski	adjective	slv
trubadurski	adjective	hbs	trubadurski	adjective	slv
trubadurski	adjective	hbs	trubadurski	adjective	slv
trubadurski	adjective	hbs	trubadurski	adjective	slv
žandarmerijski	adjective	hbs	žandarmerijski	adjective	slv
žandarmerijski	adjective	hbs	žandarmerijski	adjective	slv
žandarmerijski	adjective	hbs	žandarmerijski	adjective	slv
žandarmerijski	adjective	hbs	žandarmerijski	adjective	slv
inženjerski	adjective	hbs	inženirski	adjective	slv
inženjerski	adjective	hbs	inženirski	adjective	slv
inženjerski	adjective	hbs	inženirski	adjective	slv
inženjerski	adjective	hbs	inženirski	adjective	slv
inovacijski	adjective	hbs	inovacijski	adjective	slv
inovacijski	adjective	hbs	inovacijski	adjective	slv
inovacijski	adjective	hbs	inovacijski	adjective	slv
inovacijski	adjective	hbs	inovacijski	adjective	slv
inspektorski	adjective	hbs	inšpektorski	adjective	slv
inspektorski	adjective	hbs	inšpektorski	adjective	slv
inspektorski	adjective	hbs	inšpektorski	adjective	slv
inspektorski	adjective	hbs	inšpektorski	adjective	slv
integracijski	adjective	hbs	integracijski	adjective	slv
integracijski	adjective	hbs	integracijski	adjective	slv
integracijski	adjective	hbs	integracijski	adjective	slv
integracijski	adjective	hbs	integracijski	adjective	slv
kabelski	adjective	hbs	kabelski	adjective	slv
kabelski	adjective	hbs	kabelski	adjective	slv
kabelski	adjective	hbs	kabelski	adjective	slv
kabelski	adjective	hbs	kabelski	adjective	slv
kanalizacijski	adjective	hbs	kanalizacijski	adjective	slv
kanalizacijski	adjective	hbs	kanalizacijski	adjective	slv
kanalizacijski	adjective	hbs	kanalizacijski	adjective	slv
kanalizacijski	adjective	hbs	kanalizacijski	adjective	slv
kvalifikacijski	adjective	hbs	kvalifikacijski	adjective	slv
kvalifikacijski	adjective	hbs	kvalifikacijski	adjective	slv
kvalifikacijski	adjective	hbs	kvalifikacijski	adjective	slv
kvalifikacijski	adjective	hbs	kvalifikacijski	adjective	slv
kilometarski	adjective	hbs	kilometerski	adjective	slv
kilometarski	adjective	hbs	kilometerski	adjective	slv
kilometarski	adjective	hbs	kilometerski	adjective	slv
kilometarski	adjective	hbs	kilometerski	adjective	slv
kontejnerski	adjective	hbs	kontejnerski	adjective	slv
kontejnerski	adjective	hbs	kontejnerski	adjective	slv
kontejnerski	adjective	hbs	kontejnerski	adjective	slv
kontejnerski	adjective	hbs	kontejnerski	adjective	slv
korupcijski	adjective	hbs	korupcijski	adjective	slv
korupcijski	adjective	hbs	korupcijski	adjective	slv
korupcijski	adjective	hbs	korupcijski	adjective	slv
korupcijski	adjective	hbs	korupcijski	adjective	slv
mandarinski	adjective	hbs	mandarinski	adjective	slv
mandarinski	adjective	hbs	mandarinski	adjective	slv
mandarinski	adjective	hbs	mandarinski	adjective	slv
mandarinski	adjective	hbs	mandarinski	adjective	slv
mentorski	adjective	hbs	mentorski	adjective	slv
mentorski	adjective	hbs	mentorski	adjective	slv
mentorski	adjective	hbs	mentorski	adjective	slv
mentorski	adjective	hbs	mentorski	adjective	slv
međureligijski	adjective	hbs	medverski	adjective	slv
međureligijski	adjective	hbs	medverski	adjective	slv
međureligijski	adjective	hbs	medverski	adjective	slv
međureligijski	adjective	hbs	medverski	adjective	slv
migracijski	adjective	hbs	migracijski	adjective	slv
migracijski	adjective	hbs	migracijski	adjective	slv
migracijski	adjective	hbs	migracijski	adjective	slv
migracijski	adjective	hbs	migracijski	adjective	slv
mikroklimatski	adjective	hbs	mikroklimatski	adjective	slv
mikroklimatski	adjective	hbs	mikroklimatski	adjective	slv
mikroklimatski	adjective	hbs	mikroklimatski	adjective	slv
mikroklimatski	adjective	hbs	mikroklimatski	adjective	slv
milimetarski	adjective	hbs	milimetrski	adjective	slv
milimetarski	adjective	hbs	milimetrski	adjective	slv
milimetarski	adjective	hbs	milimetrski	adjective	slv
milimetarski	adjective	hbs	milimetrski	adjective	slv
većinski	adjective	hbs	večinski	adjective	slv
većinski	adjective	hbs	večinski	adjective	slv
većinski	adjective	hbs	večinski	adjective	slv
većinski	adjective	hbs	večinski	adjective	slv
muzejski	adjective	hbs	muzejski	adjective	slv
muzejski	adjective	hbs	muzejski	adjective	slv
muzejski	adjective	hbs	muzejski	adjective	slv
muzejski	adjective	hbs	muzejski	adjective	slv
nordijski	adjective	hbs	nordijski	adjective	slv
nordijski	adjective	hbs	nordijski	adjective	slv
nordijski	adjective	hbs	nordijski	adjective	slv
nordijski	adjective	hbs	nordijski	adjective	slv
odbojkaški	adjective	hbs	odbojkarski	adjective	slv
odbojkaški	adjective	hbs	odbojkarski	adjective	slv
odbojkaški	adjective	hbs	odbojkarski	adjective	slv
odbojkaški	adjective	hbs	odbojkarski	adjective	slv
okupatorski	adjective	hbs	okupatorski	adjective	slv
okupatorski	adjective	hbs	okupatorski	adjective	slv
okupatorski	adjective	hbs	okupatorski	adjective	slv
okupatorski	adjective	hbs	okupatorski	adjective	slv
paleolitski	adjective	hbs	paleolitski	adjective	slv
paleolitski	adjective	hbs	paleolitski	adjective	slv
paleolitski	adjective	hbs	paleolitski	adjective	slv
paleolitski	adjective	hbs	paleolitski	adjective	slv
mirovinski	adjective	hbs	pokojninski	adjective	slv
mirovinski	adjective	hbs	pokojninski	adjective	slv
mirovinski	adjective	hbs	pokojninski	adjective	slv
mirovinski	adjective	hbs	pokojninski	adjective	slv
penzijski	adjective	hbs	pokojninski	adjective	slv
penzijski	adjective	hbs	pokojninski	adjective	slv
penzijski	adjective	hbs	pokojninski	adjective	slv
penzijski	adjective	hbs	pokojninski	adjective	slv
petrokemijski	adjective	hbs	petrokemijski	adjective	slv
petrokemijski	adjective	hbs	petrokemijski	adjective	slv
petrokemijski	adjective	hbs	petrokemijski	adjective	slv
petrokemijski	adjective	hbs	petrokemijski	adjective	slv
petrohemijski	adjective	hbs	petrokemijski	adjective	slv
petrohemijski	adjective	hbs	petrokemijski	adjective	slv
petrohemijski	adjective	hbs	petrokemijski	adjective	slv
petrohemijski	adjective	hbs	petrokemijski	adjective	slv
prekooceanski	adjective	hbs	prekooceanski	adjective	slv
prekooceanski	adjective	hbs	prekooceanski	adjective	slv
prekooceanski	adjective	hbs	prekooceanski	adjective	slv
prekooceanski	adjective	hbs	prekooceanski	adjective	slv
prekookeanski	adjective	hbs	prekomorski	adjective	slv
prekookeanski	adjective	hbs	prekomorski	adjective	slv
prekookeanski	adjective	hbs	prekomorski	adjective	slv
prekookeanski	adjective	hbs	prekomorski	adjective	slv
prištinski	adjective	hbs	prištinski	adjective	slv
prištinski	adjective	hbs	prištinski	adjective	slv
prištinski	adjective	hbs	prištinski	adjective	slv
prištinski	adjective	hbs	prištinski	adjective	slv
provincijski	adjective	hbs	pokrajinski	adjective	slv
provincijski	adjective	hbs	pokrajinski	adjective	slv
provincijski	adjective	hbs	pokrajinski	adjective	slv
provincijski	adjective	hbs	pokrajinski	adjective	slv
radiotelevizijski	adjective	hbs	radiotelevizijski	adjective	slv
radiotelevizijski	adjective	hbs	radiotelevizijski	adjective	slv
radiotelevizijski	adjective	hbs	radiotelevizijski	adjective	slv
radiotelevizijski	adjective	hbs	radiotelevizijski	adjective	slv
revizorski	adjective	hbs	revizorski	adjective	slv
revizorski	adjective	hbs	revizorski	adjective	slv
revizorski	adjective	hbs	revizorski	adjective	slv
revizorski	adjective	hbs	revizorski	adjective	slv
registarski	adjective	hbs	registrski	adjective	slv
registarski	adjective	hbs	registrski	adjective	slv
registarski	adjective	hbs	registrski	adjective	slv
registarski	adjective	hbs	registrski	adjective	slv
restauracijski	adjective	hbs	restavracijski	adjective	slv
restauracijski	adjective	hbs	restavracijski	adjective	slv
restauracijski	adjective	hbs	restavracijski	adjective	slv
restauracijski	adjective	hbs	restavracijski	adjective	slv
referendumski	adjective	hbs	referendumski	adjective	slv
referendumski	adjective	hbs	referendumski	adjective	slv
referendumski	adjective	hbs	referendumski	adjective	slv
referendumski	adjective	hbs	referendumski	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarstvo	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarstvo	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarstvo	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarstvo	adjective	slv
satelitski	adjective	hbs	satelitski	adjective	slv
satelitski	adjective	hbs	satelitski	adjective	slv
satelitski	adjective	hbs	satelitski	adjective	slv
satelitski	adjective	hbs	satelitski	adjective	slv
saudijski	adjective	hbs	savdski	adjective	slv
saudijski	adjective	hbs	savdski	adjective	slv
saudijski	adjective	hbs	savdski	adjective	slv
saudijski	adjective	hbs	savdski	adjective	slv
sezonski	adjective	hbs	sezonski	adjective	slv
sezonski	adjective	hbs	sezonski	adjective	slv
sezonski	adjective	hbs	sezonski	adjective	slv
sezonski	adjective	hbs	sezonski	adjective	slv
serijski	adjective	hbs	serijski	adjective	slv
serijski	adjective	hbs	serijski	adjective	slv
serijski	adjective	hbs	serijski	adjective	slv
serijski	adjective	hbs	serijski	adjective	slv
simulacijski	adjective	hbs	simulacijski	adjective	slv
simulacijski	adjective	hbs	simulacijski	adjective	slv
simulacijski	adjective	hbs	simulacijski	adjective	slv
simulacijski	adjective	hbs	simulacijski	adjective	slv
simfonijski	adjective	hbs	simfonični	adjective	slv
simfonijski	adjective	hbs	simfonični	adjective	slv
simfonijski	adjective	hbs	simfonični	adjective	slv
simfonijski	adjective	hbs	simfonični	adjective	slv
slalomski	adjective	hbs	slalomski	adjective	slv
slalomski	adjective	hbs	slalomski	adjective	slv
slalomski	adjective	hbs	slalomski	adjective	slv
slalomski	adjective	hbs	slalomski	adjective	slv
starateljski	adjective	hbs	skrbniški	adjective	slv
starateljski	adjective	hbs	skrbniški	adjective	slv
starateljski	adjective	hbs	skrbniški	adjective	slv
starateljski	adjective	hbs	skrbniški	adjective	slv
studijski	adjective	hbs	študijski	adjective	slv
studijski	adjective	hbs	študijski	adjective	slv
studijski	adjective	hbs	študijski	adjective	slv
studijski	adjective	hbs	študijski	adjective	slv
tandemski	adjective	hbs	tandemski	adjective	slv
tandemski	adjective	hbs	tandemski	adjective	slv
tandemski	adjective	hbs	tandemski	adjective	slv
tandemski	adjective	hbs	tandemski	adjective	slv
tektonski	adjective	hbs	tektonski	adjective	slv
tektonski	adjective	hbs	tektonski	adjective	slv
tektonski	adjective	hbs	tektonski	adjective	slv
tektonski	adjective	hbs	tektonski	adjective	slv
telekomski	adjective	hbs	poštarski	adjective	slv
telekomski	adjective	hbs	poštarski	adjective	slv
telekomski	adjective	hbs	poštarski	adjective	slv
telekomski	adjective	hbs	poštarski	adjective	slv
tinejdžerski	adjective	hbs	najstniški	adjective	slv
tinejdžerski	adjective	hbs	najstniški	adjective	slv
tinejdžerski	adjective	hbs	najstniški	adjective	slv
tinejdžerski	adjective	hbs	najstniški	adjective	slv
trakijski	adjective	hbs	trakijski	adjective	slv
trakijski	adjective	hbs	trakijski	adjective	slv
trakijski	adjective	hbs	trakijski	adjective	slv
trakijski	adjective	hbs	trakijski	adjective	slv
transatlantski	adjective	hbs	čezatlantski	adjective	slv
transatlantski	adjective	hbs	čezatlantski	adjective	slv
transatlantski	adjective	hbs	čezatlantski	adjective	slv
transatlantski	adjective	hbs	čezatlantski	adjective	slv
transatlanski	adjective	hbs	čezatlantski	adjective	slv
transatlanski	adjective	hbs	čezatlantski	adjective	slv
transatlanski	adjective	hbs	čezatlantski	adjective	slv
transatlanski	adjective	hbs	čezatlantski	adjective	slv
transmiterski	adjective	hbs	oddajniški	adjective	slv
transmiterski	adjective	hbs	oddajniški	adjective	slv
transmiterski	adjective	hbs	oddajniški	adjective	slv
transmiterski	adjective	hbs	oddajniški	adjective	slv
odašiljački	adjective	hbs	oddajniški	adjective	slv
odašiljački	adjective	hbs	oddajniški	adjective	slv
odašiljački	adjective	hbs	oddajniški	adjective	slv
odašiljački	adjective	hbs	oddajniški	adjective	slv
turkmenistanski	adjective	hbs	turkmenski	adjective	slv
turkmenistanski	adjective	hbs	turkmenski	adjective	slv
turkmenistanski	adjective	hbs	turkmenski	adjective	slv
turkmenistanski	adjective	hbs	turkmenski	adjective	slv
farmaceutski	adjective	hbs	farmacevtski	adjective	slv
farmaceutski	adjective	hbs	farmacevtski	adjective	slv
farmaceutski	adjective	hbs	farmacevtski	adjective	slv
farmaceutski	adjective	hbs	farmacevtski	adjective	slv
hemijski	adjective	hbs	kemijski	adjective	slv
hemijski	adjective	hbs	kemijski	adjective	slv
hemijski	adjective	hbs	kemijski	adjective	slv
hemijski	adjective	hbs	kemijski	adjective	slv
kemoterapijski	adjective	hbs	kemoterapevtski	adjective	slv
kemoterapijski	adjective	hbs	kemoterapevtski	adjective	slv
kemoterapijski	adjective	hbs	kemoterapevtski	adjective	slv
kemoterapijski	adjective	hbs	kemoterapevtski	adjective	slv
hemoterapijski	adjective	hbs	kemoterapevtski	adjective	slv
hemoterapijski	adjective	hbs	kemoterapevtski	adjective	slv
hemoterapijski	adjective	hbs	kemoterapevtski	adjective	slv
hemoterapijski	adjective	hbs	kemoterapevtski	adjective	slv
zborski	adjective	hbs	zborovski	adjective	slv
zborski	adjective	hbs	zborovski	adjective	slv
zborski	adjective	hbs	zborovski	adjective	slv
zborski	adjective	hbs	zborovski	adjective	slv
crnomorski	adjective	hbs	črnomorski	adjective	slv
crnomorski	adjective	hbs	črnomorski	adjective	slv
crnomorski	adjective	hbs	črnomorski	adjective	slv
crnomorski	adjective	hbs	črnomorski	adjective	slv
čileanski	adjective	hbs	čilski	adjective	slv
čileanski	adjective	hbs	čilski	adjective	slv
čileanski	adjective	hbs	čilski	adjective	slv
čileanski	adjective	hbs	čilski	adjective	slv
članski	adjective	hbs	članski	adjective	slv
članski	adjective	hbs	članski	adjective	slv
članski	adjective	hbs	članski	adjective	slv
članski	adjective	hbs	članski	adjective	slv
švercerski	adjective	hbs	tihotapski	adjective	slv
švercerski	adjective	hbs	tihotapski	adjective	slv
švercerski	adjective	hbs	tihotapski	adjective	slv
švercerski	adjective	hbs	tihotapski	adjective	slv
šerijatski	adjective	hbs	šeriatski	adjective	slv
šerijatski	adjective	hbs	šeriatski	adjective	slv
šerijatski	adjective	hbs	šeriatski	adjective	slv
šerijatski	adjective	hbs	šeriatski	adjective	slv
špediterski	adjective	hbs	špediterski	adjective	slv
špediterski	adjective	hbs	špediterski	adjective	slv
špediterski	adjective	hbs	špediterski	adjective	slv
špediterski	adjective	hbs	špediterski	adjective	slv
januarski	adjective	hbs	januarski	adjective	slv
januarski	adjective	hbs	januarski	adjective	slv
januarski	adjective	hbs	januarski	adjective	slv
januarski	adjective	hbs	januarski	adjective	slv
jonski	adjective	hbs	ionski	adjective	slv
jonski	adjective	hbs	ionski	adjective	slv
jonski	adjective	hbs	ionski	adjective	slv
jonski	adjective	hbs	ionski	adjective	slv
juniorski	adjective	hbs	juniorski	adjective	slv
juniorski	adjective	hbs	juniorski	adjective	slv
juniorski	adjective	hbs	juniorski	adjective	slv
juniorski	adjective	hbs	juniorski	adjective	slv
dejtonski	adjective	hbs	daytonski	adjective	slv
dejtonski	adjective	hbs	daytonski	adjective	slv
dejtonski	adjective	hbs	daytonski	adjective	slv
dejtonski	adjective	hbs	daytonski	adjective	slv
komunistički	adjective	hbs	komunistični	adjective	slv
komunistički	adjective	hbs	komunistični	adjective	slv
komunistički	adjective	hbs	komunistični	adjective	slv
komunistički	adjective	hbs	komunistični	adjective	slv
islamistički	adjective	hbs	islamski	adjective	slv
islamistički	adjective	hbs	islamski	adjective	slv
islamistički	adjective	hbs	islamski	adjective	slv
islamistički	adjective	hbs	islamski	adjective	slv
optužilački	adjective	hbs	tožilski	adjective	slv
optužilački	adjective	hbs	tožilski	adjective	slv
optužilački	adjective	hbs	tožilski	adjective	slv
optužilački	adjective	hbs	tožilski	adjective	slv
alžirski	adjective	hbs	alžirski	adjective	slv
alžirski	adjective	hbs	alžirski	adjective	slv
alžirski	adjective	hbs	alžirski	adjective	slv
alžirski	adjective	hbs	alžirski	adjective	slv
kubanski	adjective	hbs	kubanski	adjective	slv
kubanski	adjective	hbs	kubanski	adjective	slv
kubanski	adjective	hbs	kubanski	adjective	slv
kubanski	adjective	hbs	kubanski	adjective	slv
kuvajtski	adjective	hbs	kuvajtski	adjective	slv
kuvajtski	adjective	hbs	kuvajtski	adjective	slv
kuvajtski	adjective	hbs	kuvajtski	adjective	slv
kuvajtski	adjective	hbs	kuvajtski	adjective	slv
libanonski	adjective	hbs	libanonski	adjective	slv
libanonski	adjective	hbs	libanonski	adjective	slv
libanonski	adjective	hbs	libanonski	adjective	slv
libanonski	adjective	hbs	libanonski	adjective	slv
pakistanski	adjective	hbs	pakistanski	adjective	slv
pakistanski	adjective	hbs	pakistanski	adjective	slv
pakistanski	adjective	hbs	pakistanski	adjective	slv
pakistanski	adjective	hbs	pakistanski	adjective	slv
palestinski	adjective	hbs	palestinski	adjective	slv
palestinski	adjective	hbs	palestinski	adjective	slv
palestinski	adjective	hbs	palestinski	adjective	slv
palestinski	adjective	hbs	palestinski	adjective	slv
pionirski	adjective	hbs	pionirski	adjective	slv
pionirski	adjective	hbs	pionirski	adjective	slv
pionirski	adjective	hbs	pionirski	adjective	slv
pionirski	adjective	hbs	pionirski	adjective	slv
tiranski	adjective	hbs	tiranski	adjective	slv
tiranski	adjective	hbs	tiranski	adjective	slv
tiranski	adjective	hbs	tiranski	adjective	slv
tiranski	adjective	hbs	tiranski	adjective	slv
bibliografski	adjective	hbs	bibliografski	adjective	slv
bibliografski	adjective	hbs	bibliografski	adjective	slv
bibliografski	adjective	hbs	bibliografski	adjective	slv
bibliografski	adjective	hbs	bibliografski	adjective	slv
dalmatinski	adverb	hbs	dalmatinsko	adverb	slv
baš	adverb	hbs	prav	adverb	slv
naknadno	adverb	hbs	naknadno	adverb	slv
očito	adverb	hbs	razvidno	adverb	slv
dalmatinski	adjective	hbs	dalmatinski	adjective	slv
dalmatinski	adjective	hbs	dalmatinski	adjective	slv
dalmatinski	adjective	hbs	dalmatinski	adjective	slv
dalmatinski	adjective	hbs	dalmatinski	adjective	slv
diktatorski	adjective	hbs	diktatorski	adjective	slv
diktatorski	adjective	hbs	diktatorski	adjective	slv
diktatorski	adjective	hbs	diktatorski	adjective	slv
diktatorski	adjective	hbs	diktatorski	adjective	slv
kanarski	adjective	hbs	kanarski	adjective	slv
kanarski	adjective	hbs	kanarski	adjective	slv
kanarski	adjective	hbs	kanarski	adjective	slv
kanarski	adjective	hbs	kanarski	adjective	slv
topografski	adjective	hbs	topografski	adjective	slv
topografski	adjective	hbs	topografski	adjective	slv
topografski	adjective	hbs	topografski	adjective	slv
topografski	adjective	hbs	topografski	adjective	slv
akcijski	adjective	hbs	akcijski	adjective	slv
akcijski	adjective	hbs	akcijski	adjective	slv
akcijski	adjective	hbs	akcijski	adjective	slv
akcijski	adjective	hbs	akcijski	adjective	slv
biografski	adjective	hbs	biografski	adjective	slv
biografski	adjective	hbs	biografski	adjective	slv
biografski	adjective	hbs	biografski	adjective	slv
biografski	adjective	hbs	biografski	adjective	slv
panoramski	adjective	hbs	panoramski	adjective	slv
panoramski	adjective	hbs	panoramski	adjective	slv
panoramski	adjective	hbs	panoramski	adjective	slv
panoramski	adjective	hbs	panoramski	adjective	slv
rotacijski	adjective	hbs	rotacijski	adjective	slv
rotacijski	adjective	hbs	rotacijski	adjective	slv
rotacijski	adjective	hbs	rotacijski	adjective	slv
rotacijski	adjective	hbs	rotacijski	adjective	slv
farmakoterapeutski	adjective	hbs	zdravilski	adjective	slv
farmakoterapeutski	adjective	hbs	zdravilski	adjective	slv
farmakoterapeutski	adjective	hbs	zdravilski	adjective	slv
farmakoterapeutski	adjective	hbs	zdravilski	adjective	slv
funkcionerski	adjective	hbs	funkcionarski	adjective	slv
funkcionerski	adjective	hbs	funkcionarski	adjective	slv
funkcionerski	adjective	hbs	funkcionarski	adjective	slv
funkcionerski	adjective	hbs	funkcionarski	adjective	slv
jordanski	adjective	hbs	jordanski	adjective	slv
jordanski	adjective	hbs	jordanski	adjective	slv
jordanski	adjective	hbs	jordanski	adjective	slv
jordanski	adjective	hbs	jordanski	adjective	slv
južnokorejski	adjective	hbs	južnokorejski	adjective	slv
južnokorejski	adjective	hbs	južnokorejski	adjective	slv
južnokorejski	adjective	hbs	južnokorejski	adjective	slv
južnokorejski	adjective	hbs	južnokorejski	adjective	slv
horski	adjective	hbs	zborovski	adjective	slv
horski	adjective	hbs	zborovski	adjective	slv
horski	adjective	hbs	zborovski	adjective	slv
horski	adjective	hbs	zborovski	adjective	slv
snajperski	adjective	hbs	ostrostrelski	adjective	slv
snajperski	adjective	hbs	ostrostrelski	adjective	slv
snajperski	adjective	hbs	ostrostrelski	adjective	slv
snajperski	adjective	hbs	ostrostrelski	adjective	slv
protuavionski	adjective	hbs	protiletalski	adjective	slv
protuavionski	adjective	hbs	protiletalski	adjective	slv
protuavionski	adjective	hbs	protiletalski	adjective	slv
protuavionski	adjective	hbs	protiletalski	adjective	slv
psihosomatski	adjective	hbs	psihosomatski	adjective	slv
psihosomatski	adjective	hbs	psihosomatski	adjective	slv
psihosomatski	adjective	hbs	psihosomatski	adjective	slv
psihosomatski	adjective	hbs	psihosomatski	adjective	slv
veterinarski	adjective	hbs	veterinarski	adjective	slv
veterinarski	adjective	hbs	veterinarski	adjective	slv
veterinarski	adjective	hbs	veterinarski	adjective	slv
veterinarski	adjective	hbs	veterinarski	adjective	slv
svečenički	adjective	hbs	duhovniški	adjective	slv
svečenički	adjective	hbs	duhovniški	adjective	slv
svečenički	adjective	hbs	duhovniški	adjective	slv
svečenički	adjective	hbs	duhovniški	adjective	slv
berlinski	adjective	hbs	berlinski	adjective	slv
berlinski	adjective	hbs	berlinski	adjective	slv
berlinski	adjective	hbs	berlinski	adjective	slv
berlinski	adjective	hbs	berlinski	adjective	slv
stručan	adjective	hbs	strokoven	adjective	slv
stručan	adjective	hbs	strokoven	adjective	slv
stručan	adjective	hbs	strokoven	adjective	slv
brojan	adjective	hbs	številen	adjective	slv
brojan	adjective	hbs	številen	adjective	slv
brojan	adjective	hbs	številen	adjective	slv
brojan	adjective	hbs	številen	adjective	slv
brojan	adjective	hbs	številen	adjective	slv
mirovni	adjective	hbs	miren	adjective	slv
živčani	adjective	hbs	živčen	adjective	slv
nervni	adjective	hbs	živčen	adjective	slv
odgovarajući	adjective	hbs	ustrezen	adjective	slv
svjetski	adjective	hbs	svetoven	adjective	slv
svjetski	adjective	hbs	svetoven	adjective	slv
svjetski	adjective	hbs	svetoven	adjective	slv
svjetski	adjective	hbs	svetoven	adjective	slv
oslobodilački	adjective	hbs	osvobodilen	adjective	slv
oslobodilački	adjective	hbs	osvobodilen	adjective	slv
oslobodilački	adjective	hbs	osvobodilen	adjective	slv
oslobodilački	adjective	hbs	osvobodilen	adjective	slv
dopunski	adjective	hbs	dodaten	adjective	slv
dopunski	adjective	hbs	dodaten	adjective	slv
dopunski	adjective	hbs	dodaten	adjective	slv
dopunski	adjective	hbs	dodaten	adjective	slv
poreski	adjective	hbs	davčen	adjective	slv
poreski	adjective	hbs	davčen	adjective	slv
poreski	adjective	hbs	davčen	adjective	slv
poreski	adjective	hbs	davčen	adjective	slv
građevinski	adjective	hbs	stavben	adjective	slv
građevinski	adjective	hbs	stavben	adjective	slv
građevinski	adjective	hbs	stavben	adjective	slv
građevinski	adjective	hbs	stavben	adjective	slv
armijski	adjective	hbs	vojen	adjective	slv
armijski	adjective	hbs	vojen	adjective	slv
armijski	adjective	hbs	vojen	adjective	slv
armijski	adjective	hbs	vojen	adjective	slv
bombaški	adjective	hbs	bomben	adjective	slv
bombaški	adjective	hbs	bomben	adjective	slv
bombaški	adjective	hbs	bomben	adjective	slv
bombaški	adjective	hbs	bomben	adjective	slv
proračunski	adjective	hbs	proračunski	adjective	slv
proračunski	adjective	hbs	proračunski	adjective	slv
proračunski	adjective	hbs	proračunski	adjective	slv
proračunski	adjective	hbs	proračunski	adjective	slv
računski	adverb	hbs	računsko	adverb	slv
računski	adjective	hbs	računski	adjective	slv
računski	adjective	hbs	računski	adjective	slv
računski	adjective	hbs	računski	adjective	slv
računski	adjective	hbs	računski	adjective	slv
istinski	adjective	hbs	resničen	adjective	slv
istinski	adjective	hbs	resničen	adjective	slv
istinski	adjective	hbs	resničen	adjective	slv
istinski	adjective	hbs	resničen	adjective	slv
džinovski	adjective	hbs	velikanski	adjective	slv
džinovski	adjective	hbs	velikanski	adjective	slv
džinovski	adjective	hbs	velikanski	adjective	slv
džinovski	adjective	hbs	velikanski	adjective	slv
glasački	adjective	hbs	volilen	adjective	slv
glasački	adjective	hbs	volilen	adjective	slv
glasački	adjective	hbs	volilen	adjective	slv
glasački	adjective	hbs	volilen	adjective	slv
gradski	adjective	hbs	mesten	adjective	slv
gradski	adjective	hbs	mesten	adjective	slv
gradski	adjective	hbs	mesten	adjective	slv
gradski	adjective	hbs	mesten	adjective	slv
evropski	adjective	hbs	evropski	adjective	slv
evropski	adjective	hbs	evropski	adjective	slv
evropski	adjective	hbs	evropski	adjective	slv
evropski	adjective	hbs	evropski	adjective	slv
ekonomski	adjective	hbs	gospodarski	adjective	slv
ekonomski	adjective	hbs	gospodarski	adjective	slv
ekonomski	adjective	hbs	gospodarski	adjective	slv
ekonomski	adjective	hbs	gospodarski	adjective	slv
ekonomski	adjective	hbs	ekonomski	adjective	slv
ekonomski	adjective	hbs	ekonomski	adjective	slv
ekonomski	adjective	hbs	ekonomski	adjective	slv
ekonomski	adjective	hbs	ekonomski	adjective	slv
istorijski	adjective	hbs	zgodovinski	adjective	slv
istorijski	adjective	hbs	zgodovinski	adjective	slv
istorijski	adjective	hbs	zgodovinski	adjective	slv
istorijski	adjective	hbs	zgodovinski	adjective	slv
italijanski	adjective	hbs	italijanski	adjective	slv
italijanski	adjective	hbs	italijanski	adjective	slv
italijanski	adjective	hbs	italijanski	adjective	slv
italijanski	adjective	hbs	italijanski	adjective	slv
manastirski	adjective	hbs	samostanski	adjective	slv
manastirski	adjective	hbs	samostanski	adjective	slv
manastirski	adjective	hbs	samostanski	adjective	slv
manastirski	adjective	hbs	samostanski	adjective	slv
marokanski	adjective	hbs	maroški	adjective	slv
marokanski	adjective	hbs	maroški	adjective	slv
marokanski	adjective	hbs	maroški	adjective	slv
marokanski	adjective	hbs	maroški	adjective	slv
opštinski	adjective	hbs	občinski	adjective	slv
opštinski	adjective	hbs	občinski	adjective	slv
opštinski	adjective	hbs	občinski	adjective	slv
opštinski	adjective	hbs	občinski	adjective	slv
planinarski	adjective	hbs	planinski	adjective	slv
planinarski	adjective	hbs	planinski	adjective	slv
planinarski	adjective	hbs	planinski	adjective	slv
planinarski	adjective	hbs	planinski	adjective	slv
slovenački	adjective	hbs	slovenski	adjective	slv
slovenački	adjective	hbs	slovenski	adjective	slv
slovenački	adjective	hbs	slovenski	adjective	slv
slovenački	adjective	hbs	slovenski	adjective	slv
slavenski	adjective	hbs	slovanski	adjective	slv
slavenski	adjective	hbs	slovanski	adjective	slv
slavenski	adjective	hbs	slovanski	adjective	slv
slavenski	adjective	hbs	slovanski	adjective	slv
sportski	adjective	hbs	športen	adjective	slv
sportski	adjective	hbs	športen	adjective	slv
sportski	adjective	hbs	športen	adjective	slv
sportski	adjective	hbs	športen	adjective	slv
srbijanski	adjective	hbs	srbski	adjective	slv
srbijanski	adjective	hbs	srbski	adjective	slv
srbijanski	adjective	hbs	srbski	adjective	slv
srbijanski	adjective	hbs	srbski	adjective	slv
studentski	adjective	hbs	študentski	adjective	slv
studentski	adjective	hbs	študentski	adjective	slv
studentski	adjective	hbs	študentski	adjective	slv
studentski	adjective	hbs	študentski	adjective	slv
suštinski	adjective	hbs	bistven	adjective	slv
suštinski	adjective	hbs	bistven	adjective	slv
suštinski	adjective	hbs	bistven	adjective	slv
suštinski	adjective	hbs	bistven	adjective	slv
univerzitetski	adjective	hbs	univerziteten	adjective	slv
univerzitetski	adjective	hbs	univerziteten	adjective	slv
univerzitetski	adjective	hbs	univerziteten	adjective	slv
univerzitetski	adjective	hbs	univerziteten	adjective	slv
finansijski	adjective	hbs	finančen	adjective	slv
finansijski	adjective	hbs	finančen	adjective	slv
finansijski	adjective	hbs	finančen	adjective	slv
finansijski	adjective	hbs	finančen	adjective	slv
fudbalski	adjective	hbs	nogometen	adjective	slv
fudbalski	adjective	hbs	nogometen	adjective	slv
fudbalski	adjective	hbs	nogometen	adjective	slv
fudbalski	adjective	hbs	nogometen	adjective	slv
holivudski	adjective	hbs	hollywoodski	adjective	slv
holivudski	adjective	hbs	hollywoodski	adjective	slv
holivudski	adjective	hbs	hollywoodski	adjective	slv
holivudski	adjective	hbs	hollywoodski	adjective	slv
šengenski	adjective	hbs	schengenski	adjective	slv
šengenski	adjective	hbs	schengenski	adjective	slv
šengenski	adjective	hbs	schengenski	adjective	slv
šengenski	adjective	hbs	schengenski	adjective	slv
jugoslovenski	adjective	hbs	jugoslovanski	adjective	slv
jugoslovenski	adjective	hbs	jugoslovanski	adjective	slv
jugoslovenski	adjective	hbs	jugoslovanski	adjective	slv
jugoslovenski	adjective	hbs	jugoslovanski	adjective	slv
protuturski	adjective	hbs	protiturški	adjective	slv
protuturski	adjective	hbs	protiturški	adjective	slv
protuturski	adjective	hbs	protiturški	adjective	slv
protuturski	adjective	hbs	protiturški	adjective	slv
biometrijski	adjective	hbs	biometričen	adjective	slv
biometrijski	adjective	hbs	biometričen	adjective	slv
biometrijski	adjective	hbs	biometričen	adjective	slv
biometrijski	adjective	hbs	biometričen	adjective	slv
brodvejski	adjective	hbs	broadwayski	adjective	slv
brodvejski	adjective	hbs	broadwayski	adjective	slv
brodvejski	adjective	hbs	broadwayski	adjective	slv
brodvejski	adjective	hbs	broadwayski	adjective	slv
vavilonski	adjective	hbs	babilonski	adjective	slv
vavilonski	adjective	hbs	babilonski	adjective	slv
vavilonski	adjective	hbs	babilonski	adjective	slv
vavilonski	adjective	hbs	babilonski	adjective	slv
vinarski	adjective	hbs	vinarski	adjective	slv
vinarski	adjective	hbs	vinarski	adjective	slv
vinarski	adjective	hbs	vinarski	adjective	slv
vinarski	adjective	hbs	vinarski	adjective	slv
gorski	adjective	hbs	gorski	adjective	slv
gorski	adjective	hbs	gorski	adjective	slv
gorski	adjective	hbs	gorski	adjective	slv
gorski	adjective	hbs	gorski	adjective	slv
dobrovoljački	adjective	hbs	prostovoljen	adjective	slv
dobrovoljački	adjective	hbs	prostovoljen	adjective	slv
dobrovoljački	adjective	hbs	prostovoljen	adjective	slv
dobrovoljački	adjective	hbs	prostovoljen	adjective	slv
konzultantski	adjective	hbs	svetovalen	adjective	slv
konzultantski	adjective	hbs	svetovalen	adjective	slv
konzultantski	adjective	hbs	svetovalen	adjective	slv
konzultantski	adjective	hbs	svetovalen	adjective	slv
konsultantski	adjective	hbs	svetovalen	adjective	slv
konsultantski	adjective	hbs	svetovalen	adjective	slv
konsultantski	adjective	hbs	svetovalen	adjective	slv
konsultantski	adjective	hbs	svetovalen	adjective	slv
korintski	adjective	hbs	korintski	adjective	slv
korintski	adjective	hbs	korintski	adjective	slv
korintski	adjective	hbs	korintski	adjective	slv
korintski	adjective	hbs	korintski	adjective	slv
latinoamerički	adjective	hbs	latinskoameriški	adjective	slv
latinoamerički	adjective	hbs	latinskoameriški	adjective	slv
latinoamerički	adjective	hbs	latinskoameriški	adjective	slv
latinoamerički	adjective	hbs	latinskoameriški	adjective	slv
nomadski	adjective	hbs	nomadski	adjective	slv
nomadski	adjective	hbs	nomadski	adjective	slv
nomadski	adjective	hbs	nomadski	adjective	slv
nomadski	adjective	hbs	nomadski	adjective	slv
oceanski	adjective	hbs	oceanski	adjective	slv
oceanski	adjective	hbs	oceanski	adjective	slv
oceanski	adjective	hbs	oceanski	adjective	slv
oceanski	adjective	hbs	oceanski	adjective	slv
panarapski	adjective	hbs	panarabski	adjective	slv
panarapski	adjective	hbs	panarabski	adjective	slv
panarapski	adjective	hbs	panarabski	adjective	slv
panarapski	adjective	hbs	panarabski	adjective	slv
pečatarski	adjective	hbs	pečaten	adjective	slv
pečatarski	adjective	hbs	pečaten	adjective	slv
pečatarski	adjective	hbs	pečaten	adjective	slv
pečatarski	adjective	hbs	pečaten	adjective	slv
piratski	adjective	hbs	piratski	adjective	slv
piratski	adjective	hbs	piratski	adjective	slv
piratski	adjective	hbs	piratski	adjective	slv
piratski	adjective	hbs	piratski	adjective	slv
sveštenički	adjective	hbs	administrativen	adjective	slv
sveštenički	adjective	hbs	administrativen	adjective	slv
sveštenički	adjective	hbs	administrativen	adjective	slv
sveštenički	adjective	hbs	administrativen	adjective	slv
senatski	adjective	hbs	senatski	adjective	slv
senatski	adjective	hbs	senatski	adjective	slv
senatski	adjective	hbs	senatski	adjective	slv
senatski	adjective	hbs	senatski	adjective	slv
avijacijski	adjective	hbs	letalski	adjective	slv
avijacijski	adjective	hbs	letalski	adjective	slv
avijacijski	adjective	hbs	letalski	adjective	slv
avijacijski	adjective	hbs	letalski	adjective	slv
austrijski	adjective	hbs	avstrijski	adjective	slv
austrijski	adjective	hbs	avstrijski	adjective	slv
austrijski	adjective	hbs	avstrijski	adjective	slv
austrijski	adjective	hbs	avstrijski	adjective	slv
autobuski	adjective	hbs	avtobusen	adjective	slv
autobuski	adjective	hbs	avtobusen	adjective	slv
autobuski	adjective	hbs	avtobusen	adjective	slv
autobuski	adjective	hbs	avtobusen	adjective	slv
akterski	adjective	hbs	igralski	adjective	slv
akterski	adjective	hbs	igralski	adjective	slv
akterski	adjective	hbs	igralski	adjective	slv
akterski	adjective	hbs	igralski	adjective	slv
amandmanski	adjective	hbs	amandmajski	adjective	slv
amandmanski	adjective	hbs	amandmajski	adjective	slv
amandmanski	adjective	hbs	amandmajski	adjective	slv
amandmanski	adjective	hbs	amandmajski	adjective	slv
amfiteatarski	adjective	hbs	amfiteatrski	adjective	slv
amfiteatarski	adjective	hbs	amfiteatrski	adjective	slv
amfiteatarski	adjective	hbs	amfiteatrski	adjective	slv
amfiteatarski	adjective	hbs	amfiteatrski	adjective	slv
antidemokratski	adjective	hbs	nedemokratičen	adjective	slv
antidemokratski	adjective	hbs	nedemokratičen	adjective	slv
antidemokratski	adjective	hbs	nedemokratičen	adjective	slv
antidemokratski	adjective	hbs	nedemokratičen	adjective	slv
atlanski	adjective	hbs	atlantski	adjective	slv
atlanski	adjective	hbs	atlantski	adjective	slv
atlanski	adjective	hbs	atlantski	adjective	slv
atlanski	adjective	hbs	atlantski	adjective	slv
boksački	adjective	hbs	boksarski	adjective	slv
boksački	adjective	hbs	boksarski	adjective	slv
boksački	adjective	hbs	boksarski	adjective	slv
boksački	adjective	hbs	boksarski	adjective	slv
varvarski	adjective	hbs	barbarski	adjective	slv
varvarski	adjective	hbs	barbarski	adjective	slv
varvarski	adjective	hbs	barbarski	adjective	slv
varvarski	adjective	hbs	barbarski	adjective	slv
venecijanski	adverb	hbs	beneško	adverb	slv
venecijanski	adjective	hbs	beneški	adjective	slv
venecijanski	adjective	hbs	beneški	adjective	slv
venecijanski	adjective	hbs	beneški	adjective	slv
venecijanski	adjective	hbs	beneški	adjective	slv
dvopartijski	adjective	hbs	dvostrankarski	adjective	slv
dvopartijski	adjective	hbs	dvostrankarski	adjective	slv
dvopartijski	adjective	hbs	dvostrankarski	adjective	slv
dvopartijski	adjective	hbs	dvostrankarski	adjective	slv
depresijski	adjective	hbs	depresiven	adjective	slv
depresijski	adjective	hbs	depresiven	adjective	slv
depresijski	adjective	hbs	depresiven	adjective	slv
depresijski	adjective	hbs	depresiven	adjective	slv
diverzantski	adjective	hbs	sabotažen	adjective	slv
diverzantski	adjective	hbs	sabotažen	adjective	slv
diverzantski	adjective	hbs	sabotažen	adjective	slv
diverzantski	adjective	hbs	sabotažen	adjective	slv
ekspertski	adjective	hbs	strokoven	adjective	slv
ekspertski	adjective	hbs	strokoven	adjective	slv
ekspertski	adjective	hbs	strokoven	adjective	slv
ekspertski	adjective	hbs	strokoven	adjective	slv
jesenski	adjective	hbs	jesenski	adjective	slv
jesenski	adjective	hbs	jesenski	adjective	slv
jesenski	adjective	hbs	jesenski	adjective	slv
jesenski	adjective	hbs	jesenski	adjective	slv
zapadnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	zahodnoevropski	adjective	slv
zapadnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	zahodnoevropski	adjective	slv
zapadnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	zahodnoevropski	adjective	slv
zapadnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	zahodnoevropski	adjective	slv
zapadnoevropski	adjective	hbs	zahodnoevropski	adjective	slv
zapadnoevropski	adjective	hbs	zahodnoevropski	adjective	slv
zapadnoevropski	adjective	hbs	zahodnoevropski	adjective	slv
zapadnoevropski	adjective	hbs	zahodnoevropski	adjective	slv
indijanski	adjective	hbs	indijanski	adjective	slv
indijanski	adjective	hbs	indijanski	adjective	slv
indijanski	adjective	hbs	indijanski	adjective	slv
indijanski	adjective	hbs	indijanski	adjective	slv
istočnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	vzhodnoevropski	adjective	slv
istočnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	vzhodnoevropski	adjective	slv
istočnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	vzhodnoevropski	adjective	slv
istočnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	vzhodnoevropski	adjective	slv
istočnoevropski	adjective	hbs	vzhodnoevropski	adjective	slv
istočnoevropski	adjective	hbs	vzhodnoevropski	adjective	slv
istočnoevropski	adjective	hbs	vzhodnoevropski	adjective	slv
istočnoevropski	adjective	hbs	vzhodnoevropski	adjective	slv
uredski	adjective	hbs	pisarniški	adjective	slv
uredski	adjective	hbs	pisarniški	adjective	slv
uredski	adjective	hbs	pisarniški	adjective	slv
uredski	adjective	hbs	pisarniški	adjective	slv
kancelarijski	adjective	hbs	pisarniški	adjective	slv
kancelarijski	adjective	hbs	pisarniški	adjective	slv
kancelarijski	adjective	hbs	pisarniški	adjective	slv
kancelarijski	adjective	hbs	pisarniški	adjective	slv
konferencijski	adjective	hbs	konferenčen	adjective	slv
konferencijski	adjective	hbs	konferenčen	adjective	slv
konferencijski	adjective	hbs	konferenčen	adjective	slv
konferencijski	adjective	hbs	konferenčen	adjective	slv
mašinski	adjective	hbs	strojen	adjective	slv
mašinski	adjective	hbs	strojen	adjective	slv
mašinski	adjective	hbs	strojen	adjective	slv
mašinski	adjective	hbs	strojen	adjective	slv
majski	adjective	hbs	majski	adjective	slv
majski	adjective	hbs	majski	adjective	slv
majski	adjective	hbs	majski	adjective	slv
majski	adjective	hbs	majski	adjective	slv
metropolski	adjective	hbs	velemesten	adjective	slv
metropolski	adjective	hbs	velemesten	adjective	slv
metropolski	adjective	hbs	velemesten	adjective	slv
metropolski	adjective	hbs	velemesten	adjective	slv
monopolski	adjective	hbs	monopolen	adjective	slv
monopolski	adjective	hbs	monopolen	adjective	slv
monopolski	adjective	hbs	monopolen	adjective	slv
monopolski	adjective	hbs	monopolen	adjective	slv
nedemokratski	adjective	hbs	nedemokratičen	adjective	slv
nedemokratski	adjective	hbs	nedemokratičen	adjective	slv
nedemokratski	adjective	hbs	nedemokratičen	adjective	slv
nedemokratski	adjective	hbs	nedemokratičen	adjective	slv
oligarhijski	adjective	hbs	oligarhičen	adjective	slv
oligarhijski	adjective	hbs	oligarhičen	adjective	slv
oligarhijski	adjective	hbs	oligarhičen	adjective	slv
oligarhijski	adjective	hbs	oligarhičen	adjective	slv
pedijatrijski	adjective	hbs	pediatričen	adjective	slv
pedijatrijski	adjective	hbs	pediatričen	adjective	slv
pedijatrijski	adjective	hbs	pediatričen	adjective	slv
pedijatrijski	adjective	hbs	pediatričen	adjective	slv
spisateljski	adjective	hbs	pisateljski	adjective	slv
spisateljski	adjective	hbs	pisateljski	adjective	slv
spisateljski	adjective	hbs	pisateljski	adjective	slv
spisateljski	adjective	hbs	pisateljski	adjective	slv
postdiplomski	adjective	hbs	podiplomski	adjective	slv
postdiplomski	adjective	hbs	podiplomski	adjective	slv
postdiplomski	adjective	hbs	podiplomski	adjective	slv
postdiplomski	adjective	hbs	podiplomski	adjective	slv
posttraumatski	adjective	hbs	posttravmatski	adjective	slv
posttraumatski	adjective	hbs	posttravmatski	adjective	slv
posttraumatski	adjective	hbs	posttravmatski	adjective	slv
posttraumatski	adjective	hbs	posttravmatski	adjective	slv
praistorijski	adjective	hbs	prazgodovinski	adjective	slv
praistorijski	adjective	hbs	prazgodovinski	adjective	slv
praistorijski	adjective	hbs	prazgodovinski	adjective	slv
praistorijski	adjective	hbs	prazgodovinski	adjective	slv
prahistorijski	adjective	hbs	prazgodovinski	adjective	slv
prahistorijski	adjective	hbs	prazgodovinski	adjective	slv
prahistorijski	adjective	hbs	prazgodovinski	adjective	slv
prahistorijski	adjective	hbs	prazgodovinski	adjective	slv
psihijatrijski	adjective	hbs	psihiatričen	adjective	slv
psihijatrijski	adjective	hbs	psihiatričen	adjective	slv
psihijatrijski	adjective	hbs	psihiatričen	adjective	slv
psihijatrijski	adjective	hbs	psihiatričen	adjective	slv
rivalski	adjective	hbs	rivalski	adjective	slv
rivalski	adjective	hbs	rivalski	adjective	slv
rivalski	adjective	hbs	rivalski	adjective	slv
rivalski	adjective	hbs	rivalski	adjective	slv
septembarski	adjective	hbs	septembrski	adjective	slv
septembarski	adjective	hbs	septembrski	adjective	slv
septembarski	adjective	hbs	septembrski	adjective	slv
septembarski	adjective	hbs	septembrski	adjective	slv
rujanski	adjective	hbs	septembrski	adjective	slv
rujanski	adjective	hbs	septembrski	adjective	slv
rujanski	adjective	hbs	septembrski	adjective	slv
rujanski	adjective	hbs	septembrski	adjective	slv
sindikatski	adjective	hbs	sindikalen	adjective	slv
sindikatski	adjective	hbs	sindikalen	adjective	slv
sindikatski	adjective	hbs	sindikalen	adjective	slv
sindikatski	adjective	hbs	sindikalen	adjective	slv
sitematski	adjective	hbs	sistematičen	adjective	slv
sitematski	adjective	hbs	sistematičen	adjective	slv
sitematski	adjective	hbs	sistematičen	adjective	slv
sitematski	adjective	hbs	sistematičen	adjective	slv
strategijski	adjective	hbs	strateški	adjective	slv
strategijski	adjective	hbs	strateški	adjective	slv
strategijski	adjective	hbs	strateški	adjective	slv
strategijski	adjective	hbs	strateški	adjective	slv
telekomunikacijski	adjective	hbs	telekomunikacijski	adjective	slv
telekomunikacijski	adjective	hbs	telekomunikacijski	adjective	slv
telekomunikacijski	adjective	hbs	telekomunikacijski	adjective	slv
telekomunikacijski	adjective	hbs	telekomunikacijski	adjective	slv
tenderski	adjective	hbs	razpisen	adjective	slv
tenderski	adjective	hbs	razpisen	adjective	slv
tenderski	adjective	hbs	razpisen	adjective	slv
tenderski	adjective	hbs	razpisen	adjective	slv
filharmonijski	adjective	hbs	filharmoničen	adjective	slv
filharmonijski	adjective	hbs	filharmoničen	adjective	slv
filharmonijski	adjective	hbs	filharmoničen	adjective	slv
filharmonijski	adjective	hbs	filharmoničen	adjective	slv
fondacijski	adjective	hbs	temeljen	adjective	slv
fondacijski	adjective	hbs	temeljen	adjective	slv
fondacijski	adjective	hbs	temeljen	adjective	slv
fondacijski	adjective	hbs	temeljen	adjective	slv
kršćanski	adjective	hbs	krščanski	adjective	slv
kršćanski	adjective	hbs	krščanski	adjective	slv
kršćanski	adjective	hbs	krščanski	adjective	slv
kršćanski	adjective	hbs	krščanski	adjective	slv
hrišćanski	adjective	hbs	krščanski	adjective	slv
hrišćanski	adjective	hbs	krščanski	adjective	slv
hrišćanski	adjective	hbs	krščanski	adjective	slv
hrišćanski	adjective	hbs	krščanski	adjective	slv
srednjeazijski	adjective	hbs	srednjeazijski	adjective	slv
srednjeazijski	adjective	hbs	srednjeazijski	adjective	slv
srednjeazijski	adjective	hbs	srednjeazijski	adjective	slv
srednjeazijski	adjective	hbs	srednjeazijski	adjective	slv
centralnoevropski	adjective	hbs	srednjeevropski	adjective	slv
centralnoevropski	adjective	hbs	srednjeevropski	adjective	slv
centralnoevropski	adjective	hbs	srednjeevropski	adjective	slv
centralnoevropski	adjective	hbs	srednjeevropski	adjective	slv
srednjeevropski	adjective	hbs	srednjeevropski	adjective	slv
srednjeevropski	adjective	hbs	srednjeevropski	adjective	slv
srednjeevropski	adjective	hbs	srednjeevropski	adjective	slv
srednjeevropski	adjective	hbs	srednjeevropski	adjective	slv
srednjeeuropski	adjective	hbs	srednjeevropski	adjective	slv
srednjeeuropski	adjective	hbs	srednjeevropski	adjective	slv
srednjeeuropski	adjective	hbs	srednjeevropski	adjective	slv
srednjeeuropski	adjective	hbs	srednjeevropski	adjective	slv
švajcarski	adjective	hbs	švicarski	adjective	slv
švajcarski	adjective	hbs	švicarski	adjective	slv
švajcarski	adjective	hbs	švicarski	adjective	slv
švajcarski	adjective	hbs	švicarski	adjective	slv
siječanjski	adjective	hbs	januarski	adjective	slv
siječanjski	adjective	hbs	januarski	adjective	slv
siječanjski	adjective	hbs	januarski	adjective	slv
siječanjski	adjective	hbs	januarski	adjective	slv
južnoslavenski	adjective	hbs	jugoslovanski	adjective	slv
južnoslavenski	adjective	hbs	jugoslovanski	adjective	slv
južnoslavenski	adjective	hbs	jugoslovanski	adjective	slv
južnoslavenski	adjective	hbs	jugoslovanski	adjective	slv
junski	adjective	hbs	junijski	adjective	slv
junski	adjective	hbs	junijski	adjective	slv
junski	adjective	hbs	junijski	adjective	slv
junski	adjective	hbs	junijski	adjective	slv
muzički	adjective	hbs	glasben	adjective	slv
muzički	adjective	hbs	glasben	adjective	slv
muzički	adjective	hbs	glasben	adjective	slv
muzički	adjective	hbs	glasben	adjective	slv
patnički	adjective	hbs	trpeč	adjective	slv
patnički	adjective	hbs	trpeč	adjective	slv
patnički	adjective	hbs	trpeč	adjective	slv
patnički	adjective	hbs	trpeč	adjective	slv
strani	adjective	hbs	čuden	adjective	slv
kavgadžijski	adjective	hbs	pretepaški	adjective	slv
kavgadžijski	adjective	hbs	pretepaški	adjective	slv
kavgadžijski	adjective	hbs	pretepaški	adjective	slv
kavgadžijski	adjective	hbs	pretepaški	adjective	slv
kinematografski	adjective	hbs	filmski	adjective	slv
kinematografski	adjective	hbs	filmski	adjective	slv
kinematografski	adjective	hbs	filmski	adjective	slv
kinematografski	adjective	hbs	filmski	adjective	slv
oficerski	adjective	hbs	oficirski	adjective	slv
oficerski	adjective	hbs	oficirski	adjective	slv
oficerski	adjective	hbs	oficirski	adjective	slv
oficerski	adjective	hbs	oficirski	adjective	slv
španski	adjective	hbs	španski	adjective	slv
španski	adjective	hbs	španski	adjective	slv
španski	adjective	hbs	španski	adjective	slv
španski	adjective	hbs	španski	adjective	slv
odlučujući	adjective	hbs	odločilen	adjective	slv
istočni	adjective	hbs	vzhoden	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	gorat	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	gorat	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	gorat	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	gorat	adjective	slv
zapadni	adjective	hbs	zahoden	adjective	slv
afrički	adjective	hbs	afriški	adjective	slv
afrički	adjective	hbs	afriški	adjective	slv
afrički	adjective	hbs	afriški	adjective	slv
afrički	adjective	hbs	afriški	adjective	slv
amaterski	adjective	hbs	amaterski	adjective	slv
amaterski	adjective	hbs	amaterski	adjective	slv
amaterski	adjective	hbs	amaterski	adjective	slv
amaterski	adjective	hbs	amaterski	adjective	slv
engleski	adjective	hbs	angleški	adjective	slv
engleski	adjective	hbs	angleški	adjective	slv
engleski	adjective	hbs	angleški	adjective	slv
engleski	adjective	hbs	angleški	adjective	slv
aprilski	adjective	hbs	aprilski	adjective	slv
aprilski	adjective	hbs	aprilski	adjective	slv
aprilski	adjective	hbs	aprilski	adjective	slv
aprilski	adjective	hbs	aprilski	adjective	slv
automatski	adjective	hbs	avtomatski	adjective	slv
automatski	adjective	hbs	avtomatski	adjective	slv
automatski	adjective	hbs	avtomatski	adjective	slv
automatski	adjective	hbs	avtomatski	adjective	slv
autorski	adjective	hbs	avtorski	adjective	slv
autorski	adjective	hbs	avtorski	adjective	slv
autorski	adjective	hbs	avtorski	adjective	slv
autorski	adjective	hbs	avtorski	adjective	slv
babilonski	adjective	hbs	babilonski	adjective	slv
babilonski	adjective	hbs	babilonski	adjective	slv
babilonski	adjective	hbs	babilonski	adjective	slv
babilonski	adjective	hbs	babilonski	adjective	slv
barbarski	adjective	hbs	barbarski	adjective	slv
barbarski	adjective	hbs	barbarski	adjective	slv
barbarski	adjective	hbs	barbarski	adjective	slv
barbarski	adjective	hbs	barbarski	adjective	slv
betonski	adjective	hbs	betonski	adjective	slv
betonski	adjective	hbs	betonski	adjective	slv
betonski	adjective	hbs	betonski	adjective	slv
betonski	adjective	hbs	betonski	adjective	slv
brazilski	adjective	hbs	brazilski	adjective	slv
brazilski	adjective	hbs	brazilski	adjective	slv
brazilski	adjective	hbs	brazilski	adjective	slv
brazilski	adjective	hbs	brazilski	adjective	slv
britanski	adjective	hbs	britanski	adjective	slv
britanski	adjective	hbs	britanski	adjective	slv
britanski	adjective	hbs	britanski	adjective	slv
britanski	adjective	hbs	britanski	adjective	slv
carinski	adjective	hbs	carinski	adjective	slv
carinski	adjective	hbs	carinski	adjective	slv
carinski	adjective	hbs	carinski	adjective	slv
carinski	adjective	hbs	carinski	adjective	slv
carski	adjective	hbs	cesarski	adjective	slv
carski	adjective	hbs	cesarski	adjective	slv
carski	adjective	hbs	cesarski	adjective	slv
carski	adjective	hbs	cesarski	adjective	slv
ciganski	adjective	hbs	ciganski	adjective	slv
ciganski	adjective	hbs	ciganski	adjective	slv
ciganski	adjective	hbs	ciganski	adjective	slv
ciganski	adjective	hbs	ciganski	adjective	slv
ljudski	adjective	hbs	človeški	adjective	slv
ljudski	adjective	hbs	človeški	adjective	slv
ljudski	adjective	hbs	človeški	adjective	slv
ljudski	adjective	hbs	človeški	adjective	slv
crnogorski	adjective	hbs	črnogorski	adjective	slv
crnogorski	adjective	hbs	črnogorski	adjective	slv
crnogorski	adjective	hbs	črnogorski	adjective	slv
crnogorski	adjective	hbs	črnogorski	adjective	slv
radnički	adjective	hbs	delavski	adjective	slv
radnički	adjective	hbs	delavski	adjective	slv
radnički	adjective	hbs	delavski	adjective	slv
radnički	adjective	hbs	delavski	adjective	slv
disciplinski	adjective	hbs	disciplinski	adjective	slv
disciplinski	adjective	hbs	disciplinski	adjective	slv
disciplinski	adjective	hbs	disciplinski	adjective	slv
disciplinski	adjective	hbs	disciplinski	adjective	slv
dramski	adjective	hbs	dramski	adjective	slv
dramski	adjective	hbs	dramski	adjective	slv
dramski	adjective	hbs	dramski	adjective	slv
dramski	adjective	hbs	dramski	adjective	slv
građanski	adjective	hbs	državljanski	adjective	slv
građanski	adjective	hbs	državljanski	adjective	slv
građanski	adjective	hbs	državljanski	adjective	slv
građanski	adjective	hbs	državljanski	adjective	slv
egipatski	adjective	hbs	egiptovski	adjective	slv
egipatski	adjective	hbs	egiptovski	adjective	slv
egipatski	adjective	hbs	egiptovski	adjective	slv
egipatski	adjective	hbs	egiptovski	adjective	slv
ekološki	adjective	hbs	ekološki	adjective	slv
ekološki	adjective	hbs	ekološki	adjective	slv
ekološki	adjective	hbs	ekološki	adjective	slv
ekološki	adjective	hbs	ekološki	adjective	slv
elektronski	adjective	hbs	elektronski	adjective	slv
elektronski	adjective	hbs	elektronski	adjective	slv
elektronski	adjective	hbs	elektronski	adjective	slv
elektronski	adjective	hbs	elektronski	adjective	slv
energetski	adjective	hbs	energetski	adjective	slv
energetski	adjective	hbs	energetski	adjective	slv
energetski	adjective	hbs	energetski	adjective	slv
energetski	adjective	hbs	energetski	adjective	slv
etrurski	adjective	hbs	etruščanski	adjective	slv
etrurski	adjective	hbs	etruščanski	adjective	slv
etrurski	adjective	hbs	etruščanski	adjective	slv
etrurski	adjective	hbs	etruščanski	adjective	slv
europski	adjective	hbs	evropski	adjective	slv
europski	adjective	hbs	evropski	adjective	slv
europski	adjective	hbs	evropski	adjective	slv
europski	adjective	hbs	evropski	adjective	slv
europski	adverb	hbs	evrsko	adverb	slv
europski	adjective	hbs	evrski	adjective	slv
europski	adjective	hbs	evrski	adjective	slv
europski	adjective	hbs	evrski	adjective	slv
europski	adjective	hbs	evrski	adjective	slv
filmski	adjective	hbs	filmski	adjective	slv
filmski	adjective	hbs	filmski	adjective	slv
filmski	adjective	hbs	filmski	adjective	slv
filmski	adjective	hbs	filmski	adjective	slv
filozofski	adjective	hbs	filozofski	adjective	slv
filozofski	adjective	hbs	filozofski	adjective	slv
filozofski	adjective	hbs	filozofski	adjective	slv
filozofski	adjective	hbs	filozofski	adjective	slv
fotografski	adjective	hbs	fotografski	adjective	slv
fotografski	adjective	hbs	fotografski	adjective	slv
fotografski	adjective	hbs	fotografski	adjective	slv
fotografski	adjective	hbs	fotografski	adjective	slv
francuski	adjective	hbs	francoski	adjective	slv
francuski	adjective	hbs	francoski	adjective	slv
francuski	adjective	hbs	francoski	adjective	slv
francuski	adjective	hbs	francoski	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	gorski	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	gorski	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	gorski	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	gorski	adjective	slv
gotski	adjective	hbs	gotski	adjective	slv
gotski	adjective	hbs	gotski	adjective	slv
gotski	adjective	hbs	gotski	adjective	slv
gotski	adjective	hbs	gotski	adjective	slv
grčki	adjective	hbs	grški	adjective	slv
grčki	adjective	hbs	grški	adjective	slv
grčki	adjective	hbs	grški	adjective	slv
grčki	adjective	hbs	grški	adjective	slv
higijenski	adjective	hbs	higienski	adjective	slv
higijenski	adjective	hbs	higienski	adjective	slv
higijenski	adjective	hbs	higienski	adjective	slv
higijenski	adjective	hbs	higienski	adjective	slv
hotelski	adjective	hbs	hotelski	adjective	slv
hotelski	adjective	hbs	hotelski	adjective	slv
hotelski	adjective	hbs	hotelski	adjective	slv
hotelski	adjective	hbs	hotelski	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	hribovski	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	hribovski	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	hribovski	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	hribovski	adjective	slv
hrvatski	adjective	hbs	hrvaški	adjective	slv
hrvatski	adjective	hbs	hrvaški	adjective	slv
hrvatski	adjective	hbs	hrvaški	adjective	slv
hrvatski	adjective	hbs	hrvaški	adjective	slv
hrvatski	adjective	hbs	hrvatski	adjective	slv
hrvatski	adjective	hbs	hrvatski	adjective	slv
hrvatski	adjective	hbs	hrvatski	adjective	slv
hrvatski	adjective	hbs	hrvatski	adjective	slv
indijski	adjective	hbs	indijski	adjective	slv
indijski	adjective	hbs	indijski	adjective	slv
indijski	adjective	hbs	indijski	adjective	slv
indijski	adjective	hbs	indijski	adjective	slv
informacijski	adjective	hbs	informacijski	adjective	slv
informacijski	adjective	hbs	informacijski	adjective	slv
informacijski	adjective	hbs	informacijski	adjective	slv
informacijski	adjective	hbs	informacijski	adjective	slv
invalidski	adjective	hbs	invalidski	adjective	slv
invalidski	adjective	hbs	invalidski	adjective	slv
invalidski	adjective	hbs	invalidski	adjective	slv
invalidski	adjective	hbs	invalidski	adjective	slv
talijanski	adjective	hbs	italijanski	adjective	slv
talijanski	adjective	hbs	italijanski	adjective	slv
talijanski	adjective	hbs	italijanski	adjective	slv
talijanski	adjective	hbs	italijanski	adjective	slv
japanski	adjective	hbs	japonski	adjective	slv
japanski	adjective	hbs	japonski	adjective	slv
japanski	adjective	hbs	japonski	adjective	slv
japanski	adjective	hbs	japonski	adjective	slv
jugoslavenski	adjective	hbs	jugoslovanski	adjective	slv
jugoslavenski	adjective	hbs	jugoslovanski	adjective	slv
jugoslavenski	adjective	hbs	jugoslovanski	adjective	slv
jugoslavenski	adjective	hbs	jugoslovanski	adjective	slv
augustovski	adjective	hbs	avgustovski	adjective	slv
augustovski	adjective	hbs	avgustovski	adjective	slv
augustovski	adjective	hbs	avgustovski	adjective	slv
augustovski	adjective	hbs	avgustovski	adjective	slv
autorski	adjective	hbs	avtorjev	adjective	slv
autorski	adjective	hbs	avtorjev	adjective	slv
autorski	adjective	hbs	avtorjev	adjective	slv
autorski	adjective	hbs	avtorjev	adjective	slv
birokratski	adjective	hbs	birokratov	adjective	slv
birokratski	adjective	hbs	birokratov	adjective	slv
birokratski	adjective	hbs	birokratov	adjective	slv
birokratski	adjective	hbs	birokratov	adjective	slv
bratski	adjective	hbs	bratov	adjective	slv
bratski	adjective	hbs	bratov	adjective	slv
bratski	adjective	hbs	bratov	adjective	slv
bratski	adjective	hbs	bratov	adjective	slv
romski	adjective	hbs	ciganov	adjective	slv
romski	adjective	hbs	ciganov	adjective	slv
romski	adjective	hbs	ciganov	adjective	slv
romski	adjective	hbs	ciganov	adjective	slv
članski	adjective	hbs	članov	adjective	slv
članski	adjective	hbs	članov	adjective	slv
članski	adjective	hbs	članov	adjective	slv
članski	adjective	hbs	članov	adjective	slv
direktorski	adjective	hbs	direktorjev	adjective	slv
direktorski	adjective	hbs	direktorjev	adjective	slv
direktorski	adjective	hbs	direktorjev	adjective	slv
direktorski	adjective	hbs	direktorjev	adjective	slv
građanski	adjective	hbs	državljanov	adjective	slv
građanski	adjective	hbs	državljanov	adjective	slv
građanski	adjective	hbs	državljanov	adjective	slv
građanski	adjective	hbs	državljanov	adjective	slv
fotografski	adjective	hbs	fotografov	adjective	slv
fotografski	adjective	hbs	fotografov	adjective	slv
fotografski	adjective	hbs	fotografov	adjective	slv
fotografski	adjective	hbs	fotografov	adjective	slv
generalski	adjective	hbs	generalov	adjective	slv
generalski	adjective	hbs	generalov	adjective	slv
generalski	adjective	hbs	generalov	adjective	slv
generalski	adjective	hbs	generalov	adjective	slv
menadžerski	adjective	hbs	gospodarjev	adjective	slv
menadžerski	adjective	hbs	gospodarjev	adjective	slv
menadžerski	adjective	hbs	gospodarjev	adjective	slv
menadžerski	adjective	hbs	gospodarjev	adjective	slv
inženjerski	adjective	hbs	inženirjev	adjective	slv
inženjerski	adjective	hbs	inženirjev	adjective	slv
inženjerski	adjective	hbs	inženirjev	adjective	slv
inženjerski	adjective	hbs	inženirjev	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	jetnikov	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	jetnikov	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	jetnikov	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	jetnikov	adjective	slv
jevrejski	adjective	hbs	judov	adjective	slv
jevrejski	adjective	hbs	judov	adjective	slv
jevrejski	adjective	hbs	judov	adjective	slv
jevrejski	adjective	hbs	judov	adjective	slv
prijateljski	adjective	hbs	kolegov	adjective	slv
prijateljski	adjective	hbs	kolegov	adjective	slv
prijateljski	adjective	hbs	kolegov	adjective	slv
prijateljski	adjective	hbs	kolegov	adjective	slv
komunistički	adjective	hbs	komunistov	adjective	slv
komunistički	adjective	hbs	komunistov	adjective	slv
komunistički	adjective	hbs	komunistov	adjective	slv
komunistički	adjective	hbs	komunistov	adjective	slv
konjski	adjective	hbs	konjev	adjective	slv
konjski	adjective	hbs	konjev	adjective	slv
konjski	adjective	hbs	konjev	adjective	slv
konjski	adjective	hbs	konjev	adjective	slv
kraljevski	adjective	hbs	kraljev	adjective	slv
kraljevski	adjective	hbs	kraljev	adjective	slv
kraljevski	adjective	hbs	kraljev	adjective	slv
kraljevski	adjective	hbs	kraljev	adjective	slv
građanski	adjective	hbs	meščanov	adjective	slv
građanski	adjective	hbs	meščanov	adjective	slv
građanski	adjective	hbs	meščanov	adjective	slv
građanski	adjective	hbs	meščanov	adjective	slv
brokerski	adjective	hbs	mešetarjev	adjective	slv
brokerski	adjective	hbs	mešetarjev	adjective	slv
brokerski	adjective	hbs	mešetarjev	adjective	slv
brokerski	adjective	hbs	mešetarjev	adjective	slv
ministarski	adjective	hbs	ministrov	adjective	slv
ministarski	adjective	hbs	ministrov	adjective	slv
ministarski	adjective	hbs	ministrov	adjective	slv
ministarski	adjective	hbs	ministrov	adjective	slv
novinarski	adjective	hbs	novinarjev	adjective	slv
novinarski	adjective	hbs	novinarjev	adjective	slv
novinarski	adjective	hbs	novinarjev	adjective	slv
novinarski	adjective	hbs	novinarjev	adjective	slv
organizatorski	adjective	hbs	organizatorjev	adjective	slv
organizatorski	adjective	hbs	organizatorjev	adjective	slv
organizatorski	adjective	hbs	organizatorjev	adjective	slv
organizatorski	adjective	hbs	organizatorjev	adjective	slv
papinski	adjective	hbs	papežev	adjective	slv
papinski	adjective	hbs	papežev	adjective	slv
papinski	adjective	hbs	papežev	adjective	slv
papinski	adjective	hbs	papežev	adjective	slv
partnerski	adjective	hbs	partnerjev	adjective	slv
partnerski	adjective	hbs	partnerjev	adjective	slv
partnerski	adjective	hbs	partnerjev	adjective	slv
partnerski	adjective	hbs	partnerjev	adjective	slv
pionirski	adjective	hbs	pionirjev	adjective	slv
pionirski	adjective	hbs	pionirjev	adjective	slv
pionirski	adjective	hbs	pionirjev	adjective	slv
pionirski	adjective	hbs	pionirjev	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	pokroviteljev	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	pokroviteljev	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	pokroviteljev	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	pokroviteljev	adjective	slv
policijski	adjective	hbs	policistov	adjective	slv
policijski	adjective	hbs	policistov	adjective	slv
policijski	adjective	hbs	policistov	adjective	slv
policijski	adjective	hbs	policistov	adjective	slv
pomorski	adjective	hbs	pomorščakov	adjective	slv
pomorski	adjective	hbs	pomorščakov	adjective	slv
pomorski	adjective	hbs	pomorščakov	adjective	slv
pomorski	adjective	hbs	pomorščakov	adjective	slv
svinjski	adjective	hbs	prašičji	adjective	slv
svinjski	adverb	hbs	prašičjo	adverb	slv
svinjski	adjective	hbs	prašičev	adjective	slv
svinjski	adjective	hbs	prašičev	adjective	slv
svinjski	adjective	hbs	prašičev	adjective	slv
svinjski	adjective	hbs	prašičev	adjective	slv
svinjski	adjective	hbs	prašičkov	adjective	slv
svinjski	adjective	hbs	prašičkov	adjective	slv
svinjski	adjective	hbs	prašičkov	adjective	slv
svinjski	adjective	hbs	prašičkov	adjective	slv
predstavnički	adjective	hbs	predstavnikov	adjective	slv
predstavnički	adjective	hbs	predstavnikov	adjective	slv
predstavnički	adjective	hbs	predstavnikov	adjective	slv
predstavnički	adjective	hbs	predstavnikov	adjective	slv
prijateljski	adjective	hbs	prijateljev	adjective	slv
prijateljski	adjective	hbs	prijateljev	adjective	slv
prijateljski	adjective	hbs	prijateljev	adjective	slv
prijateljski	adjective	hbs	prijateljev	adjective	slv
organizatorski	adjective	hbs	prirediteljev	adjective	slv
organizatorski	adjective	hbs	prirediteljev	adjective	slv
organizatorski	adjective	hbs	prirediteljev	adjective	slv
organizatorski	adjective	hbs	prirediteljev	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarjev	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarjev	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarjev	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarjev	adjective	slv
sudski	adjective	hbs	soden	adjective	slv
sudski	adjective	hbs	sodnikov	adjective	slv
sudski	adjective	hbs	sodnikov	adjective	slv
sudski	adjective	hbs	sodnikov	adjective	slv
sudski	adjective	hbs	sodnikov	adjective	slv
neprijateljski	adjective	hbs	sovražnikov	adjective	slv
neprijateljski	adjective	hbs	sovražnikov	adjective	slv
neprijateljski	adjective	hbs	sovražnikov	adjective	slv
neprijateljski	adjective	hbs	sovražnikov	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	sponzorjev	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	sponzorjev	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	sponzorjev	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	sponzorjev	adjective	slv
stražarski	adjective	hbs	stražarjev	adjective	slv
stražarski	adjective	hbs	stražarjev	adjective	slv
stražarski	adjective	hbs	stražarjev	adjective	slv
stražarski	adjective	hbs	stražarjev	adjective	slv
teroristički	adjective	hbs	teroristov	adjective	slv
teroristički	adjective	hbs	teroristov	adjective	slv
teroristički	adjective	hbs	teroristov	adjective	slv
teroristički	adjective	hbs	teroristov	adjective	slv
teroristički	adjective	hbs	terorističen	adjective	slv
teroristički	adjective	hbs	terorističen	adjective	slv
teroristički	adjective	hbs	terorističen	adjective	slv
teroristički	adjective	hbs	terorističen	adjective	slv
trgovački	adjective	hbs	trgovčev	adjective	slv
trgovački	adjective	hbs	trgovčev	adjective	slv
trgovački	adjective	hbs	trgovčev	adjective	slv
trgovački	adjective	hbs	trgovčev	adjective	slv
stranački	adjective	hbs	strankarski	adjective	slv
stranački	adjective	hbs	strankarski	adjective	slv
stranački	adjective	hbs	strankarski	adjective	slv
stranački	adjective	hbs	strankarski	adjective	slv
turistički	adjective	hbs	turistov	adjective	slv
turistički	adjective	hbs	turistov	adjective	slv
turistički	adjective	hbs	turistov	adjective	slv
turistički	adjective	hbs	turistov	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	ujetnikov	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	ujetnikov	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	ujetnikov	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	ujetnikov	adjective	slv
divovski	adjective	hbs	velikanov	adjective	slv
divovski	adjective	hbs	velikanov	adjective	slv
divovski	adjective	hbs	velikanov	adjective	slv
divovski	adjective	hbs	velikanov	adjective	slv
špijunski	adjective	hbs	vohunov	adjective	slv
špijunski	adjective	hbs	vohunov	adjective	slv
špijunski	adjective	hbs	vohunov	adjective	slv
špijunski	adjective	hbs	vohunov	adjective	slv
birački	adjective	hbs	volivčev	adjective	slv
birački	adjective	hbs	volivčev	adjective	slv
birački	adjective	hbs	volivčev	adjective	slv
birački	adjective	hbs	volivčev	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	zapornikov	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	zapornikov	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	zapornikov	adjective	slv
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	zapornikov	adjective	slv
lovački	adjective	hbs	loveč	adjective	slv
lovački	adjective	hbs	loveč	adjective	slv
lovački	adjective	hbs	loveč	adjective	slv
lovački	adjective	hbs	loveč	adjective	slv
automatski	adjective	hbs	avtomatičen	adjective	slv
automatski	adjective	hbs	avtomatičen	adjective	slv
automatski	adjective	hbs	avtomatičen	adjective	slv
automatski	adjective	hbs	avtomatičen	adjective	slv
novinski	adjective	hbs	časopisen	adjective	slv
novinski	adjective	hbs	časopisen	adjective	slv
novinski	adjective	hbs	časopisen	adjective	slv
novinski	adjective	hbs	časopisen	adjective	slv
radnički	adjective	hbs	delaven	adjective	slv
radnički	adjective	hbs	delaven	adjective	slv
radnički	adjective	hbs	delaven	adjective	slv
radnički	adjective	hbs	delaven	adjective	slv
demokratski	adjective	hbs	demokratičen	adjective	slv
demokratski	adjective	hbs	demokratičen	adjective	slv
demokratski	adjective	hbs	demokratičen	adjective	slv
demokratski	adjective	hbs	demokratičen	adjective	slv
etnički	adjective	hbs	etničen	adjective	slv
etnički	adjective	hbs	etničen	adjective	slv
etnički	adjective	hbs	etničen	adjective	slv
etnički	adjective	hbs	etničen	adjective	slv
financijski	adjective	hbs	finančen	adjective	slv
financijski	adjective	hbs	finančen	adjective	slv
financijski	adjective	hbs	finančen	adjective	slv
financijski	adjective	hbs	finančen	adjective	slv
šumski	adjective	hbs	gozden	adjective	slv
šumski	adjective	hbs	gozden	adjective	slv
šumski	adjective	hbs	gozden	adjective	slv
šumski	adjective	hbs	gozden	adjective	slv
komunistički	adjective	hbs	komunističen	adjective	slv
komunistički	adjective	hbs	komunističen	adjective	slv
komunistički	adjective	hbs	komunističen	adjective	slv
komunistički	adjective	hbs	komunističen	adjective	slv
zanatski	adjective	hbs	obrten	adjective	slv
zanatski	adjective	hbs	obrten	adjective	slv
zanatski	adjective	hbs	obrten	adjective	slv
zanatski	adjective	hbs	obrten	adjective	slv
politički	adjective	hbs	političen	adjective	slv
politički	adjective	hbs	političen	adjective	slv
politički	adjective	hbs	političen	adjective	slv
politički	adjective	hbs	političen	adjective	slv
volonterski	adjective	hbs	prostovoljen	adjective	slv
volonterski	adjective	hbs	prostovoljen	adjective	slv
volonterski	adjective	hbs	prostovoljen	adjective	slv
volonterski	adjective	hbs	prostovoljen	adjective	slv
južnoafrički	adjective	hbs	južnoafriški	adjective	slv
južnoafrički	adjective	hbs	južnoafriški	adjective	slv
južnoafrički	adjective	hbs	južnoafriški	adjective	slv
južnoafrički	adjective	hbs	južnoafriški	adjective	slv
kartonski	adjective	hbs	kartonski	adjective	slv
kartonski	adjective	hbs	kartonski	adjective	slv
kartonski	adjective	hbs	kartonski	adjective	slv
kartonski	adjective	hbs	kartonski	adjective	slv
kineski	adjective	hbs	kitajski	adjective	slv
kineski	adjective	hbs	kitajski	adjective	slv
kineski	adjective	hbs	kitajski	adjective	slv
kineski	adjective	hbs	kitajski	adjective	slv
koalicijski	adjective	hbs	koalicijski	adjective	slv
koalicijski	adjective	hbs	koalicijski	adjective	slv
koalicijski	adjective	hbs	koalicijski	adjective	slv
koalicijski	adjective	hbs	koalicijski	adjective	slv
komunikacijski	adjective	hbs	komunikacijski	adjective	slv
komunikacijski	adjective	hbs	komunikacijski	adjective	slv
komunikacijski	adjective	hbs	komunikacijski	adjective	slv
komunikacijski	adjective	hbs	komunikacijski	adjective	slv
kosovski	adjective	hbs	kosovski	adjective	slv
kosovski	adjective	hbs	kosovski	adjective	slv
kosovski	adjective	hbs	kosovski	adjective	slv
kosovski	adjective	hbs	kosovski	adjective	slv
laboratorijski	adjective	hbs	laboratorijski	adjective	slv
laboratorijski	adjective	hbs	laboratorijski	adjective	slv
laboratorijski	adjective	hbs	laboratorijski	adjective	slv
laboratorijski	adjective	hbs	laboratorijski	adjective	slv
brodski	adjective	hbs	ladijski	adjective	slv
brodski	adjective	hbs	ladijski	adjective	slv
brodski	adjective	hbs	ladijski	adjective	slv
brodski	adjective	hbs	ladijski	adjective	slv
aerodromski	adjective	hbs	letališki	adjective	slv
aerodromski	adjective	hbs	letališki	adjective	slv
aerodromski	adjective	hbs	letališki	adjective	slv
aerodromski	adjective	hbs	letališki	adjective	slv
lisabonski	adjective	hbs	lizbonski	adjective	slv
lisabonski	adjective	hbs	lizbonski	adjective	slv
lisabonski	adjective	hbs	lizbonski	adjective	slv
lisabonski	adjective	hbs	lizbonski	adjective	slv
ljubljanski	adjective	hbs	ljubljanski	adjective	slv
ljubljanski	adjective	hbs	ljubljanski	adjective	slv
ljubljanski	adjective	hbs	ljubljanski	adjective	slv
ljubljanski	adjective	hbs	ljubljanski	adjective	slv
ljudski	adjective	hbs	ljudski	adjective	slv
ljudski	adjective	hbs	ljudski	adjective	slv
ljudski	adjective	hbs	ljudski	adjective	slv
ljudski	adjective	hbs	ljudski	adjective	slv
londonski	adjective	hbs	londonski	adjective	slv
londonski	adjective	hbs	londonski	adjective	slv
londonski	adjective	hbs	londonski	adjective	slv
londonski	adjective	hbs	londonski	adjective	slv
lovački	adjective	hbs	lovski	adjective	slv
lovački	adjective	hbs	lovski	adjective	slv
lovački	adjective	hbs	lovski	adjective	slv
lovački	adjective	hbs	lovski	adjective	slv
madridski	adjective	hbs	madridski	adjective	slv
madridski	adjective	hbs	madridski	adjective	slv
madridski	adjective	hbs	madridski	adjective	slv
madridski	adjective	hbs	madridski	adjective	slv
urugvajski	adjective	hbs	urugvajski	adjective	slv
urugvajski	adverb	hbs	urugvajsko	adverb	slv
svibanjski	adjective	hbs	majski	adjective	slv
svibanjski	adjective	hbs	majski	adjective	slv
svibanjski	adjective	hbs	majski	adjective	slv
svibanjski	adjective	hbs	majski	adjective	slv
medijski	adjective	hbs	medijski	adjective	slv
medijski	adjective	hbs	medijski	adjective	slv
medijski	adjective	hbs	medijski	adjective	slv
medijski	adjective	hbs	medijski	adjective	slv
mediteranski	adjective	hbs	mediteranski	adjective	slv
mediteranski	adjective	hbs	mediteranski	adjective	slv
mediteranski	adjective	hbs	mediteranski	adjective	slv
mediteranski	adjective	hbs	mediteranski	adjective	slv
metarski	adjective	hbs	metrski	adjective	slv
metarski	adjective	hbs	metrski	adjective	slv
metarski	adjective	hbs	metrski	adjective	slv
metarski	adjective	hbs	metrski	adjective	slv
milanski	adjective	hbs	milanski	adjective	slv
milanski	adjective	hbs	milanski	adjective	slv
milanski	adjective	hbs	milanski	adjective	slv
milanski	adjective	hbs	milanski	adjective	slv
ministarski	adjective	hbs	ministrski	adjective	slv
ministarski	adjective	hbs	ministrski	adjective	slv
ministarski	adjective	hbs	ministrski	adjective	slv
ministarski	adjective	hbs	ministrski	adjective	slv
moskovski	adjective	hbs	moskovski	adjective	slv
moskovski	adjective	hbs	moskovski	adjective	slv
moskovski	adjective	hbs	moskovski	adjective	slv
moskovski	adjective	hbs	moskovski	adjective	slv
muslimanski	adjective	hbs	muslimanski	adjective	slv
muslimanski	adjective	hbs	muslimanski	adjective	slv
muslimanski	adjective	hbs	muslimanski	adjective	slv
muslimanski	adjective	hbs	muslimanski	adjective	slv
navigacijski	adjective	hbs	navigacijski	adjective	slv
navigacijski	adjective	hbs	navigacijski	adjective	slv
navigacijski	adjective	hbs	navigacijski	adjective	slv
navigacijski	adjective	hbs	navigacijski	adjective	slv
nebeski	adjective	hbs	nebeški	adjective	slv
nebeski	adjective	hbs	nebeški	adjective	slv
nebeski	adjective	hbs	nebeški	adjective	slv
nebeski	adjective	hbs	nebeški	adjective	slv
njemački	adjective	hbs	nemški	adjective	slv
njemački	adjective	hbs	nemški	adjective	slv
njemački	adjective	hbs	nemški	adjective	slv
njemački	adjective	hbs	nemški	adjective	slv
novinarski	adjective	hbs	novinarski	adjective	slv
novinarski	adjective	hbs	novinarski	adjective	slv
novinarski	adjective	hbs	novinarski	adjective	slv
novinarski	adjective	hbs	novinarski	adjective	slv
novozelandski	adjective	hbs	novozelandski	adjective	slv
novozelandski	adjective	hbs	novozelandski	adjective	slv
novozelandski	adjective	hbs	novozelandski	adjective	slv
novozelandski	adjective	hbs	novozelandski	adjective	slv
općinski	adjective	hbs	občinski	adjective	slv
općinski	adjective	hbs	občinski	adjective	slv
općinski	adjective	hbs	občinski	adjective	slv
općinski	adjective	hbs	občinski	adjective	slv
okeanski	adjective	hbs	oceanski	adjective	slv
okeanski	adjective	hbs	oceanski	adjective	slv
okeanski	adjective	hbs	oceanski	adjective	slv
okeanski	adjective	hbs	oceanski	adjective	slv
organizacijski	adjective	hbs	organizacijski	adjective	slv
organizacijski	adjective	hbs	organizacijski	adjective	slv
organizacijski	adjective	hbs	organizacijski	adjective	slv
organizacijski	adjective	hbs	organizacijski	adjective	slv
partijski	adjective	hbs	partijski	adjective	slv
partijski	adjective	hbs	partijski	adjective	slv
partijski	adjective	hbs	partijski	adjective	slv
partijski	adjective	hbs	partijski	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	planinski	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	planinski	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	planinski	adjective	slv
planinski	adjective	hbs	planinski	adjective	slv
seoski	adjective	hbs	podeželski	adjective	slv
seoski	adjective	hbs	podeželski	adjective	slv
seoski	adjective	hbs	podeželski	adjective	slv
seoski	adjective	hbs	podeželski	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	pokroviteljski	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	pokroviteljski	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	pokroviteljski	adjective	slv
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	pokroviteljski	adjective	slv
policijski	adjective	hbs	policijski	adjective	slv
policijski	adjective	hbs	policijski	adjective	slv
policijski	adjective	hbs	policijski	adjective	slv
policijski	adjective	hbs	policijski	adjective	slv
imovinski	adjective	hbs	premoženjski	adjective	slv
imovinski	adjective	hbs	premoženjski	adjective	slv
imovinski	adjective	hbs	premoženjski	adjective	slv
imovinski	adjective	hbs	premoženjski	adjective	slv
prijateljski	adjective	hbs	prijateljski	adjective	slv
prijateljski	adjective	hbs	prijateljski	adjective	slv
prijateljski	adjective	hbs	prijateljski	adjective	slv
prijateljski	adjective	hbs	prijateljski	adjective	slv
primorski	adjective	hbs	primorski	adjective	slv
primorski	adjective	hbs	primorski	adjective	slv
primorski	adjective	hbs	primorski	adjective	slv
primorski	adjective	hbs	primorski	adjective	slv
budžetski	adjective	hbs	proračunski	adjective	slv
budžetski	adjective	hbs	proračunski	adjective	slv
budžetski	adjective	hbs	proračunski	adjective	slv
budžetski	adjective	hbs	proračunski	adjective	slv
ribarski	adjective	hbs	ribiški	adjective	slv
ribarski	adjective	hbs	ribiški	adjective	slv
ribarski	adjective	hbs	ribiški	adjective	slv
ribarski	adjective	hbs	ribiški	adjective	slv
suparnički	adjective	hbs	rivalski	adjective	slv
suparnički	adjective	hbs	rivalski	adjective	slv
suparnički	adjective	hbs	rivalski	adjective	slv
suparnički	adjective	hbs	rivalski	adjective	slv
romski	adjective	hbs	romski	adjective	slv
romski	adjective	hbs	romski	adjective	slv
romski	adjective	hbs	romski	adjective	slv
romski	adjective	hbs	romski	adjective	slv
rumunjski	adjective	hbs	romunski	adjective	slv
rumunjski	adjective	hbs	romunski	adjective	slv
rumunjski	adjective	hbs	romunski	adjective	slv
rumunjski	adjective	hbs	romunski	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarski	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarski	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarski	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarski	adjective	slv
rutinski	adjective	hbs	rutinski	adjective	slv
rutinski	adjective	hbs	rutinski	adjective	slv
rutinski	adjective	hbs	rutinski	adjective	slv
rutinski	adjective	hbs	rutinski	adjective	slv
samostanski	adjective	hbs	samostanski	adjective	slv
samostanski	adjective	hbs	samostanski	adjective	slv
samostanski	adjective	hbs	samostanski	adjective	slv
samostanski	adjective	hbs	samostanski	adjective	slv
saksonski	adjective	hbs	saški	adjective	slv
saksonski	adjective	hbs	saški	adjective	slv
saksonski	adjective	hbs	saški	adjective	slv
saksonski	adjective	hbs	saški	adjective	slv
sistemski	adjective	hbs	sistemski	adjective	slv
sistemski	adjective	hbs	sistemski	adjective	slv
sistemski	adjective	hbs	sistemski	adjective	slv
sistemski	adjective	hbs	sistemski	adjective	slv
slovenski	adjective	hbs	slovanski	adjective	slv
slovenski	adjective	hbs	slovanski	adjective	slv
slovenski	adjective	hbs	slovanski	adjective	slv
slovenski	adjective	hbs	slovanski	adjective	slv
slovački	adjective	hbs	slovaški	adjective	slv
slovački	adjective	hbs	slovaški	adjective	slv
slovački	adjective	hbs	slovaški	adjective	slv
slovački	adjective	hbs	slovaški	adjective	slv
sudski	adjective	hbs	sodniški	adjective	slv
sudski	adjective	hbs	sodniški	adjective	slv
sudski	adjective	hbs	sodniški	adjective	slv
sudski	adjective	hbs	sodniški	adjective	slv
somalijski	adjective	hbs	somalski	adjective	slv
somalijski	adjective	hbs	somalski	adjective	slv
somalijski	adjective	hbs	somalski	adjective	slv
somalijski	adjective	hbs	somalski	adjective	slv
srpski	adjective	hbs	srbski	adjective	slv
srpski	adjective	hbs	srbski	adjective	slv
srpski	adjective	hbs	srbski	adjective	slv
srpski	adjective	hbs	srbski	adjective	slv
stranački	adjective	hbs	stranski	adjective	slv
stranački	adjective	hbs	stranski	adjective	slv
stranački	adjective	hbs	stranski	adjective	slv
stranački	adjective	hbs	stranski	adjective	slv
stražarski	adjective	hbs	stražarski	adjective	slv
stražarski	adjective	hbs	stražarski	adjective	slv
stražarski	adjective	hbs	stražarski	adjective	slv
stražarski	adjective	hbs	stražarski	adjective	slv
šahovski	adjective	hbs	šahovski	adjective	slv
šahovski	adjective	hbs	šahovski	adjective	slv
šahovski	adjective	hbs	šahovski	adjective	slv
šahovski	adjective	hbs	šahovski	adjective	slv
školski	adjective	hbs	šolski	adjective	slv
školski	adjective	hbs	šolski	adjective	slv
školski	adjective	hbs	šolski	adjective	slv
školski	adjective	hbs	šolski	adjective	slv
španjolski	adjective	hbs	španski	adjective	slv
španjolski	adjective	hbs	španski	adjective	slv
španjolski	adjective	hbs	španski	adjective	slv
španjolski	adjective	hbs	španski	adjective	slv
telefonski	adjective	hbs	telefonski	adjective	slv
telefonski	adjective	hbs	telefonski	adjective	slv
telefonski	adjective	hbs	telefonski	adjective	slv
telefonski	adjective	hbs	telefonski	adjective	slv
televizijski	adjective	hbs	televizijski	adjective	slv
televizijski	adjective	hbs	televizijski	adjective	slv
televizijski	adjective	hbs	televizijski	adjective	slv
televizijski	adjective	hbs	televizijski	adjective	slv
tematski	adjective	hbs	tematski	adjective	slv
tematski	adjective	hbs	tematski	adjective	slv
tematski	adjective	hbs	tematski	adjective	slv
tematski	adjective	hbs	tematski	adjective	slv
teniski	adjective	hbs	teniški	adjective	slv
teniski	adjective	hbs	teniški	adjective	slv
teniski	adjective	hbs	teniški	adjective	slv
teniski	adjective	hbs	teniški	adjective	slv
trgovački	adjective	hbs	trgovski	adjective	slv
trgovački	adjective	hbs	trgovski	adjective	slv
trgovački	adjective	hbs	trgovski	adjective	slv
trgovački	adjective	hbs	trgovski	adjective	slv
turski	adjective	hbs	turški	adjective	slv
turski	adjective	hbs	turški	adjective	slv
turski	adjective	hbs	turški	adjective	slv
turski	adjective	hbs	turški	adjective	slv
seoski	adjective	hbs	vaški	adjective	slv
seoski	adjective	hbs	vaški	adjective	slv
seoski	adjective	hbs	vaški	adjective	slv
seoski	adjective	hbs	vaški	adjective	slv
vjerski	adjective	hbs	verski	adjective	slv
vjerski	adjective	hbs	verski	adjective	slv
vjerski	adjective	hbs	verski	adjective	slv
vjerski	adjective	hbs	verski	adjective	slv
vinski	adjective	hbs	vinski	adjective	slv
vinski	adjective	hbs	vinski	adjective	slv
vinski	adjective	hbs	vinski	adjective	slv
vinski	adjective	hbs	vinski	adjective	slv
vremenski	adjective	hbs	vremenski	adjective	slv
vremenski	adjective	hbs	vremenski	adjective	slv
vremenski	adjective	hbs	vremenski	adjective	slv
vremenski	adjective	hbs	vremenski	adjective	slv
vremenski	adjective	hbs	časoven	adjective	slv
vremenski	adjective	hbs	časoven	adjective	slv
vremenski	adjective	hbs	časoven	adjective	slv
vremenski	adjective	hbs	časoven	adjective	slv
zakonski	adjective	hbs	zakonski	adjective	slv
zakonski	adjective	hbs	zakonski	adjective	slv
zakonski	adjective	hbs	zakonski	adjective	slv
zakonski	adjective	hbs	zakonski	adjective	slv
medicinski	adjective	hbs	zdravniški	adjective	slv
medicinski	adjective	hbs	zdravniški	adjective	slv
medicinski	adjective	hbs	zdravniški	adjective	slv
medicinski	adjective	hbs	zdravniški	adjective	slv
zimski	adjective	hbs	zimski	adjective	slv
zimski	adjective	hbs	zimski	adjective	slv
zimski	adjective	hbs	zimski	adjective	slv
zimski	adjective	hbs	zimski	adjective	slv
vanjski	adjective	hbs	zunanji	adjective	slv
vanjski	adjective	hbs	zunanji	adjective	slv
vanjski	adjective	hbs	zunanji	adjective	slv
vanjski	adjective	hbs	zunanji	adjective	slv
ženevski	adjective	hbs	ženevski	adjective	slv
ženevski	adjective	hbs	ženevski	adjective	slv
ženevski	adjective	hbs	ženevski	adjective	slv
ženevski	adjective	hbs	ženevski	adjective	slv
ženski	adjective	hbs	ženski	adjective	slv
ženski	adjective	hbs	ženski	adjective	slv
ženski	adjective	hbs	ženski	adjective	slv
ženski	adjective	hbs	ženski	adjective	slv
židovski	adjective	hbs	židovski	adjective	slv
židovski	adjective	hbs	židovski	adjective	slv
židovski	adjective	hbs	židovski	adjective	slv
židovski	adjective	hbs	židovski	adjective	slv
životinjski	adjective	hbs	živalski	adjective	slv
životinjski	adjective	hbs	živalski	adjective	slv
životinjski	adjective	hbs	živalski	adjective	slv
životinjski	adjective	hbs	živalski	adjective	slv
varšavski	adjective	hbs	varšavski	adjective	slv
varšavski	adjective	hbs	varšavski	adjective	slv
varšavski	adjective	hbs	varšavski	adjective	slv
varšavski	adjective	hbs	varšavski	adjective	slv
zatvorski	adjective	hbs	zaporniški	adjective	slv
zatvorski	adjective	hbs	zaporniški	adjective	slv
zatvorski	adjective	hbs	zaporniški	adjective	slv
zatvorski	adjective	hbs	zaporniški	adjective	slv
carski	adjective	hbs	imperijski	adjective	slv
carski	adjective	hbs	imperijski	adjective	slv
carski	adjective	hbs	imperijski	adjective	slv
carski	adjective	hbs	imperijski	adjective	slv
korupcijski	adjective	hbs	protikorupcijski	adjective	slv
korupcijski	adjective	hbs	protikorupcijski	adjective	slv
korupcijski	adjective	hbs	protikorupcijski	adjective	slv
korupcijski	adjective	hbs	protikorupcijski	adjective	slv
okeanski	adjective	hbs	prekooceanski	adjective	slv
okeanski	adjective	hbs	prekooceanski	adjective	slv
okeanski	adjective	hbs	prekooceanski	adjective	slv
okeanski	adjective	hbs	prekooceanski	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarstvi	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarstvi	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarstvi	adjective	slv
rudarski	adjective	hbs	rudarstvi	adjective	slv
demokratski	adjective	hbs	demokratski	adjective	slv
demokratski	adjective	hbs	demokratski	adjective	slv
demokratski	adjective	hbs	demokratski	adjective	slv
demokratski	adjective	hbs	demokratski	adjective	slv
partnerski	adjective	hbs	partnerski	adjective	slv
partnerski	adjective	hbs	partnerski	adjective	slv
partnerski	adjective	hbs	partnerski	adjective	slv
partnerski	adjective	hbs	partnerski	adjective	slv
makroekonomski	adjective	hbs	makroekonomski	adjective	slv
makroekonomski	adjective	hbs	makroekonomski	adjective	slv
makroekonomski	adjective	hbs	makroekonomski	adjective	slv
makroekonomski	adjective	hbs	makroekonomski	adjective	slv
konditorski	adjective	hbs	konditorski	adjective	slv
konditorski	adjective	hbs	konditorski	adjective	slv
konditorski	adjective	hbs	konditorski	adjective	slv
konditorski	adjective	hbs	konditorski	adjective	slv
karnevalski	adjective	hbs	karnevalski	adjective	slv
karnevalski	adjective	hbs	karnevalski	adjective	slv
karnevalski	adjective	hbs	karnevalski	adjective	slv
karnevalski	adjective	hbs	karnevalski	adjective	slv
bankarski	adjective	hbs	bančniški	adjective	slv
bankarski	adjective	hbs	bančniški	adjective	slv
bankarski	adjective	hbs	bančniški	adjective	slv
bankarski	adjective	hbs	bančniški	adjective	slv
aleksandrijski	adjective	hbs	aleksandrijski	adjective	slv
aleksandrijski	adjective	hbs	aleksandrijski	adjective	slv
aleksandrijski	adjective	hbs	aleksandrijski	adjective	slv
aleksandrijski	adjective	hbs	aleksandrijski	adjective	slv
šampionski	adjective	hbs	šampionski	adjective	slv
šampionski	adjective	hbs	šampionski	adjective	slv
šampionski	adjective	hbs	šampionski	adjective	slv
šampionski	adjective	hbs	šampionski	adjective	slv
kandidatski	adjective	hbs	kandidatski	adjective	slv
kandidatski	adjective	hbs	kandidatski	adjective	slv
kandidatski	adjective	hbs	kandidatski	adjective	slv
kandidatski	adjective	hbs	kandidatski	adjective	slv
holografski	adjective	hbs	holografski	adjective	slv
holografski	adjective	hbs	holografski	adjective	slv
holografski	adjective	hbs	holografski	adjective	slv
holografski	adjective	hbs	holografski	adjective	slv
dvostranački	adjective	hbs	dvostrankarski	adjective	slv
dvostranački	adjective	hbs	dvostrankarski	adjective	slv
dvostranački	adjective	hbs	dvostrankarski	adjective	slv
dvostranački	adjective	hbs	dvostrankarski	adjective	slv
kozarski	adjective	hbs	kozarski	adjective	slv
kozarski	adjective	hbs	kozarski	adjective	slv
kozarski	adjective	hbs	kozarski	adjective	slv
kozarski	adjective	hbs	kozarski	adjective	slv
helikopterski	adjective	hbs	helikopterski	adjective	slv
helikopterski	adjective	hbs	helikopterski	adjective	slv
helikopterski	adjective	hbs	helikopterski	adjective	slv
helikopterski	adjective	hbs	helikopterski	adjective	slv
festivalski	adjective	hbs	festivalski	adjective	slv
festivalski	adjective	hbs	festivalski	adjective	slv
festivalski	adjective	hbs	festivalski	adjective	slv
festivalski	adjective	hbs	festivalski	adjective	slv
disciplinski	adjective	hbs	discipliniran	adjective	slv
disciplinski	adjective	hbs	discipliniran	adjective	slv
disciplinski	adjective	hbs	discipliniran	adjective	slv
disciplinski	adjective	hbs	discipliniran	adjective	slv
divlji	adjective	hbs	podivjan	adjective	slv
divlji	adjective	hbs	podivjan	adjective	slv
istraživački	adjective	hbs	raziskovalen	adjective	slv
istraživački	adjective	hbs	raziskovalen	adjective	slv
istraživački	adjective	hbs	raziskovalen	adjective	slv
istraživački	adjective	hbs	raziskovalen	adjective	slv
vjerski	adjective	hbs	religiozen	adjective	slv
vjerski	adjective	hbs	religiozen	adjective	slv
vjerski	adjective	hbs	religiozen	adjective	slv
vjerski	adjective	hbs	religiozen	adjective	slv
automatski	adjective	hbs	samodejen	adjective	slv
automatski	adjective	hbs	samodejen	adjective	slv
automatski	adjective	hbs	samodejen	adjective	slv
automatski	adjective	hbs	samodejen	adjective	slv
zajednički	adjective	hbs	skupen	adjective	slv
zajednički	adjective	hbs	skupen	adjective	slv
zajednički	adjective	hbs	skupen	adjective	slv
zajednički	adjective	hbs	skupen	adjective	slv
socijalistički	adjective	hbs	socialističen	adjective	slv
socijalistički	adjective	hbs	socialističen	adjective	slv
socijalistički	adjective	hbs	socialističen	adjective	slv
socijalistički	adjective	hbs	socialističen	adjective	slv
tehnički	adjective	hbs	tehničen	adjective	slv
tehnički	adjective	hbs	tehničen	adjective	slv
tehnički	adjective	hbs	tehničen	adjective	slv
tehnički	adjective	hbs	tehničen	adjective	slv
teoretski	adjective	hbs	teoretičen	adjective	slv
teoretski	adjective	hbs	teoretičen	adjective	slv
teoretski	adjective	hbs	teoretičen	adjective	slv
teoretski	adjective	hbs	teoretičen	adjective	slv
turistički	adjective	hbs	turističen	adjective	slv
turistički	adjective	hbs	turističen	adjective	slv
turistički	adjective	hbs	turističen	adjective	slv
turistički	adjective	hbs	turističen	adjective	slv
vjerski	adjective	hbs	veren	adjective	slv
vjerski	adjective	hbs	veren	adjective	slv
vjerski	adjective	hbs	veren	adjective	slv
vjerski	adjective	hbs	veren	adjective	slv
pravi	adjective	hbs	pristen	adjective	slv
pravi	adjective	hbs	resničen	adjective	slv
južni	adjective	hbs	južen	adjective	slv
sjeverni	adjective	hbs	severen	adjective	slv
domaći	adjective	hbs	avtohton	adjective	slv
domaći	adjective	hbs	domač	adjective	slv
pravi	adjective	hbs	realen	adjective	slv
opći	adjective	hbs	splošen	adjective	slv
mnogi	adjective	hbs	številen	adjective	slv
mnogi	adjective	hbs	številen	adjective	slv
akademski	adjective	hbs	akademski	adjective	slv
akademski	adjective	hbs	akademski	adjective	slv
akademski	adjective	hbs	akademski	adjective	slv
akademski	adjective	hbs	akademski	adjective	slv
alpski	adjective	hbs	alpski	adjective	slv
alpski	adjective	hbs	alpski	adjective	slv
alpski	adjective	hbs	alpski	adjective	slv
alpski	adjective	hbs	alpski	adjective	slv
argentinski	adjective	hbs	argentinski	adjective	slv
argentinski	adjective	hbs	argentinski	adjective	slv
argentinski	adjective	hbs	argentinski	adjective	slv
argentinski	adjective	hbs	argentinski	adjective	slv
astronomski	adjective	hbs	astronomski	adjective	slv
astronomski	adjective	hbs	astronomski	adjective	slv
astronomski	adjective	hbs	astronomski	adjective	slv
astronomski	adjective	hbs	astronomski	adjective	slv
atlantski	adjective	hbs	atlantski	adjective	slv
atlantski	adjective	hbs	atlantski	adjective	slv
atlantski	adjective	hbs	atlantski	adjective	slv
atlantski	adjective	hbs	atlantski	adjective	slv
atomski	adjective	hbs	atomski	adjective	slv
atomski	adjective	hbs	atomski	adjective	slv
atomski	adjective	hbs	atomski	adjective	slv
atomski	adjective	hbs	atomski	adjective	slv
azijski	adjective	hbs	azijski	adjective	slv
azijski	adjective	hbs	azijski	adjective	slv
azijski	adjective	hbs	azijski	adjective	slv
azijski	adjective	hbs	azijski	adjective	slv
balkanski	adjective	hbs	balkanski	adjective	slv
balkanski	adjective	hbs	balkanski	adjective	slv
balkanski	adjective	hbs	balkanski	adjective	slv
balkanski	adjective	hbs	balkanski	adjective	slv
bavarski	adjective	hbs	bavarski	adjective	slv
bavarski	adjective	hbs	bavarski	adjective	slv
bavarski	adjective	hbs	bavarski	adjective	slv
bavarski	adjective	hbs	bavarski	adjective	slv
belgijski	adjective	hbs	belgijski	adjective	slv
belgijski	adjective	hbs	belgijski	adjective	slv
belgijski	adjective	hbs	belgijski	adjective	slv
belgijski	adjective	hbs	belgijski	adjective	slv
bosanski	adjective	hbs	bosanski	adjective	slv
bosanski	adjective	hbs	bosanski	adjective	slv
bosanski	adjective	hbs	bosanski	adjective	slv
bosanski	adjective	hbs	bosanski	adjective	slv
bratski	adjective	hbs	bratski	adjective	slv
bratski	adjective	hbs	bratski	adjective	slv
bratski	adjective	hbs	bratski	adjective	slv
bratski	adjective	hbs	bratski	adjective	slv
češki	adjective	hbs	češki	adjective	slv
češki	adjective	hbs	češki	adjective	slv
češki	adjective	hbs	češki	adjective	slv
češki	adjective	hbs	češki	adjective	slv
danski	adjective	hbs	danski	adjective	slv
danski	adjective	hbs	danski	adjective	slv
danski	adjective	hbs	danski	adjective	slv
danski	adjective	hbs	danski	adjective	slv
demografski	adjective	hbs	demografski	adjective	slv
demografski	adjective	hbs	demografski	adjective	slv
demografski	adjective	hbs	demografski	adjective	slv
demografski	adjective	hbs	demografski	adjective	slv
diplomatski	adjective	hbs	diplomatski	adjective	slv
diplomatski	adjective	hbs	diplomatski	adjective	slv
diplomatski	adjective	hbs	diplomatski	adjective	slv
diplomatski	adjective	hbs	diplomatski	adjective	slv
egejski	adjective	hbs	egejski	adjective	slv
egejski	adjective	hbs	egejski	adjective	slv
egejski	adjective	hbs	egejski	adjective	slv
egejski	adjective	hbs	egejski	adjective	slv
genetski	adjective	hbs	genetski	adjective	slv
genetski	adjective	hbs	genetski	adjective	slv
genetski	adjective	hbs	genetski	adjective	slv
genetski	adjective	hbs	genetski	adjective	slv
geografski	adjective	hbs	geografski	adjective	slv
geografski	adjective	hbs	geografski	adjective	slv
geografski	adjective	hbs	geografski	adjective	slv
geografski	adjective	hbs	geografski	adjective	slv
ilirski	adjective	hbs	ilirski	adjective	slv
ilirski	adjective	hbs	ilirski	adjective	slv
ilirski	adjective	hbs	ilirski	adjective	slv
ilirski	adjective	hbs	ilirski	adjective	slv
indonezijski	adjective	hbs	indonezijski	adjective	slv
indonezijski	adjective	hbs	indonezijski	adjective	slv
indonezijski	adjective	hbs	indonezijski	adjective	slv
indonezijski	adjective	hbs	indonezijski	adjective	slv
industrijski	adjective	hbs	industrijski	adjective	slv
industrijski	adjective	hbs	industrijski	adjective	slv
industrijski	adjective	hbs	industrijski	adjective	slv
industrijski	adjective	hbs	industrijski	adjective	slv
irski	adjective	hbs	irski	adjective	slv
irski	adjective	hbs	irski	adjective	slv
irski	adjective	hbs	irski	adjective	slv
irski	adjective	hbs	irski	adjective	slv
islandski	adjective	hbs	islandski	adjective	slv
islandski	adjective	hbs	islandski	adjective	slv
islandski	adjective	hbs	islandski	adjective	slv
islandski	adjective	hbs	islandski	adjective	slv
izraelski	adjective	hbs	izraelski	adjective	slv
izraelski	adjective	hbs	izraelski	adjective	slv
izraelski	adjective	hbs	izraelski	adjective	slv
izraelski	adjective	hbs	izraelski	adjective	slv
jadranski	adjective	hbs	jadranski	adjective	slv
jadranski	adjective	hbs	jadranski	adjective	slv
jadranski	adjective	hbs	jadranski	adjective	slv
jadranski	adjective	hbs	jadranski	adjective	slv
kanadski	adjective	hbs	kanadski	adjective	slv
kanadski	adjective	hbs	kanadski	adjective	slv
kanadski	adjective	hbs	kanadski	adjective	slv
kanadski	adjective	hbs	kanadski	adjective	slv
klimatski	adjective	hbs	klimatski	adjective	slv
klimatski	adjective	hbs	klimatski	adjective	slv
klimatski	adjective	hbs	klimatski	adjective	slv
klimatski	adjective	hbs	klimatski	adjective	slv
konjski	adjective	hbs	konjski	adjective	slv
konjski	adjective	hbs	konjski	adjective	slv
konjski	adjective	hbs	konjski	adjective	slv
konjski	adjective	hbs	konjski	adjective	slv
korejski	adjective	hbs	korejski	adjective	slv
korejski	adjective	hbs	korejski	adjective	slv
korejski	adjective	hbs	korejski	adjective	slv
korejski	adjective	hbs	korejski	adjective	slv
kraljevski	adjective	hbs	kraljevski	adjective	slv
kraljevski	adjective	hbs	kraljevski	adjective	slv
kraljevski	adjective	hbs	kraljevski	adjective	slv
kraljevski	adjective	hbs	kraljevski	adjective	slv
latinski	adjective	hbs	latinski	adjective	slv
latinski	adjective	hbs	latinski	adjective	slv
latinski	adjective	hbs	latinski	adjective	slv
latinski	adjective	hbs	latinski	adjective	slv
libijski	adjective	hbs	libijski	adjective	slv
libijski	adjective	hbs	libijski	adjective	slv
libijski	adjective	hbs	libijski	adjective	slv
libijski	adjective	hbs	libijski	adjective	slv
medicinski	adjective	hbs	medicinski	adjective	slv
medicinski	adjective	hbs	medicinski	adjective	slv
medicinski	adjective	hbs	medicinski	adjective	slv
medicinski	adjective	hbs	medicinski	adjective	slv
mongolski	adjective	hbs	mongolski	adjective	slv
mongolski	adjective	hbs	mongolski	adjective	slv
mongolski	adjective	hbs	mongolski	adjective	slv
mongolski	adjective	hbs	mongolski	adjective	slv
morski	adjective	hbs	morski	adjective	slv
morski	adjective	hbs	morski	adjective	slv
morski	adjective	hbs	morski	adjective	slv
morski	adjective	hbs	morski	adjective	slv
nizozemski	adjective	hbs	nizozemski	adjective	slv
nizozemski	adjective	hbs	nizozemski	adjective	slv
nizozemski	adjective	hbs	nizozemski	adjective	slv
nizozemski	adjective	hbs	nizozemski	adjective	slv
norveški	adjective	hbs	norveški	adjective	slv
norveški	adjective	hbs	norveški	adjective	slv
norveški	adjective	hbs	norveški	adjective	slv
norveški	adjective	hbs	norveški	adjective	slv
olimpijski	adjective	hbs	olimpijski	adjective	slv
olimpijski	adjective	hbs	olimpijski	adjective	slv
olimpijski	adjective	hbs	olimpijski	adjective	slv
olimpijski	adjective	hbs	olimpijski	adjective	slv
poetski	adjective	hbs	poetski	adjective	slv
poetski	adjective	hbs	poetski	adjective	slv
poetski	adjective	hbs	poetski	adjective	slv
poetski	adjective	hbs	poetski	adjective	slv
poljski	adjective	hbs	poljski	adjective	slv
poljski	adjective	hbs	poljski	adjective	slv
poljski	adjective	hbs	poljski	adjective	slv
poljski	adjective	hbs	poljski	adjective	slv
pomorski	adjective	hbs	pomorski	adjective	slv
pomorski	adjective	hbs	pomorski	adjective	slv
pomorski	adjective	hbs	pomorski	adjective	slv
pomorski	adjective	hbs	pomorski	adjective	slv
portugalski	adjective	hbs	portugalski	adjective	slv
portugalski	adjective	hbs	portugalski	adjective	slv
portugalski	adjective	hbs	portugalski	adjective	slv
portugalski	adjective	hbs	portugalski	adjective	slv
rimski	adjective	hbs	rimski	adjective	slv
rimski	adjective	hbs	rimski	adjective	slv
rimski	adjective	hbs	rimski	adjective	slv
rimski	adjective	hbs	rimski	adjective	slv
roditeljski	adjective	hbs	roditeljski	adjective	slv
roditeljski	adjective	hbs	roditeljski	adjective	slv
roditeljski	adjective	hbs	roditeljski	adjective	slv
roditeljski	adjective	hbs	roditeljski	adjective	slv
ruski	adjective	hbs	ruski	adjective	slv
ruski	adjective	hbs	ruski	adjective	slv
ruski	adjective	hbs	ruski	adjective	slv
ruski	adjective	hbs	ruski	adjective	slv
skandinavski	adjective	hbs	skandinavski	adjective	slv
skandinavski	adjective	hbs	skandinavski	adjective	slv
skandinavski	adjective	hbs	skandinavski	adjective	slv
skandinavski	adjective	hbs	skandinavski	adjective	slv
slovenski	adjective	hbs	slovenski	adjective	slv
slovenski	adjective	hbs	slovenski	adjective	slv
slovenski	adjective	hbs	slovenski	adjective	slv
slovenski	adjective	hbs	slovenski	adjective	slv
starinski	adjective	hbs	starinski	adjective	slv
starinski	adjective	hbs	starinski	adjective	slv
starinski	adjective	hbs	starinski	adjective	slv
starinski	adjective	hbs	starinski	adjective	slv
strateški	adjective	hbs	strateški	adjective	slv
strateški	adjective	hbs	strateški	adjective	slv
strateški	adjective	hbs	strateški	adjective	slv
strateški	adjective	hbs	strateški	adjective	slv
škotski	adjective	hbs	škotski	adjective	slv
škotski	adjective	hbs	škotski	adjective	slv
škotski	adjective	hbs	škotski	adjective	slv
škotski	adjective	hbs	škotski	adjective	slv
švedski	adjective	hbs	švedski	adjective	slv
švedski	adjective	hbs	švedski	adjective	slv
švedski	adjective	hbs	švedski	adjective	slv
švedski	adjective	hbs	švedski	adjective	slv
švicarski	adjective	hbs	švicarski	adjective	slv
švicarski	adjective	hbs	švicarski	adjective	slv
švicarski	adjective	hbs	švicarski	adjective	slv
švicarski	adjective	hbs	švicarski	adjective	slv
kilometarski	adjective	hbs	tisočmetrski	adjective	slv
kilometarski	adjective	hbs	tisočmetrski	adjective	slv
kilometarski	adjective	hbs	tisočmetrski	adjective	slv
kilometarski	adjective	hbs	tisočmetrski	adjective	slv
kemijski	adjective	hbs	kemijski	adjective	slv
kemijski	adjective	hbs	kemijski	adjective	slv
kemijski	adjective	hbs	kemijski	adjective	slv
kemijski	adjective	hbs	kemijski	adjective	slv
pakistanski	adjective	hbs	pakistansi	adjective	slv
pakistanski	adjective	hbs	pakistansi	adjective	slv
pakistanski	adjective	hbs	pakistansi	adjective	slv
pakistanski	adjective	hbs	pakistansi	adjective	slv
trojanski	adjective	hbs	trojanski	adjective	slv
trojanski	adjective	hbs	trojanski	adjective	slv
trojanski	adjective	hbs	trojanski	adjective	slv
trojanski	adjective	hbs	trojanski	adjective	slv
konvencijski	adjective	hbs	konvencijski	adjective	slv
konvencijski	adjective	hbs	konvencijski	adjective	slv
konvencijski	adjective	hbs	konvencijski	adjective	slv
konvencijski	adjective	hbs	konvencijski	adjective	slv
kanonski	adjective	hbs	kanonski	adjective	slv
kanonski	adjective	hbs	kanonski	adjective	slv
kanonski	adjective	hbs	kanonski	adjective	slv
kanonski	adjective	hbs	kanonski	adjective	slv
paraolimpijski	adjective	hbs	paraolimpijski	adjective	slv
paraolimpijski	adjective	hbs	paraolimpijski	adjective	slv
paraolimpijski	adjective	hbs	paraolimpijski	adjective	slv
paraolimpijski	adjective	hbs	paraolimpijski	adjective	slv
neolitski	adjective	hbs	neolitski	adjective	slv
neolitski	adjective	hbs	neolitski	adjective	slv
neolitski	adjective	hbs	neolitski	adjective	slv
neolitski	adjective	hbs	neolitski	adjective	slv
malezijski	adjective	hbs	malezijski	adjective	slv
malezijski	adjective	hbs	malezijski	adjective	slv
malezijski	adjective	hbs	malezijski	adjective	slv
malezijski	adjective	hbs	malezijski	adjective	slv
enciklopedijski	adjective	hbs	enciklopedijski	adjective	slv
enciklopedijski	adjective	hbs	enciklopedijski	adjective	slv
enciklopedijski	adjective	hbs	enciklopedijski	adjective	slv
enciklopedijski	adjective	hbs	enciklopedijski	adjective	slv
anglikanski	adjective	hbs	anglikanski	adjective	slv
anglikanski	adjective	hbs	anglikanski	adjective	slv
anglikanski	adjective	hbs	anglikanski	adjective	slv
anglikanski	adjective	hbs	anglikanski	adjective	slv
aramejski	adjective	hbs	aramejski	adjective	slv
aramejski	adjective	hbs	aramejski	adjective	slv
aramejski	adjective	hbs	aramejski	adjective	slv
aramejski	adjective	hbs	aramejski	adjective	slv
pavijanski	adjective	hbs	pavijanski	adjective	slv
pavijanski	adjective	hbs	pavijanski	adjective	slv
pavijanski	adjective	hbs	pavijanski	adjective	slv
pavijanski	adjective	hbs	pavijanski	adjective	slv
mikenski	adjective	hbs	mikenski	adjective	slv
mikenski	adjective	hbs	mikenski	adjective	slv
mikenski	adjective	hbs	mikenski	adjective	slv
mikenski	adjective	hbs	mikenski	adjective	slv
hadžijski	adjective	hbs	hadžijski	adjective	slv
hadžijski	adjective	hbs	hadžijski	adjective	slv
hadžijski	adjective	hbs	hadžijski	adjective	slv
hadžijski	adjective	hbs	hadžijski	adjective	slv
geomagnetski	adjective	hbs	geomagnetski	adjective	slv
geomagnetski	adjective	hbs	geomagnetski	adjective	slv
geomagnetski	adjective	hbs	geomagnetski	adjective	slv
geomagnetski	adjective	hbs	geomagnetski	adjective	slv
geometrijski	adjective	hbs	geometrijski	adjective	slv
geometrijski	adjective	hbs	geometrijski	adjective	slv
geometrijski	adjective	hbs	geometrijski	adjective	slv
geometrijski	adjective	hbs	geometrijski	adjective	slv
proamerički	adjective	hbs	proameriški	adjective	slv
proamerički	adjective	hbs	proameriški	adjective	slv
proamerički	adjective	hbs	proameriški	adjective	slv
proamerički	adjective	hbs	proameriški	adjective	slv
proislamski	adjective	hbs	proislamski	adjective	slv
proislamski	adjective	hbs	proislamski	adjective	slv
proislamski	adjective	hbs	proislamski	adjective	slv
proislamski	adjective	hbs	proislamski	adjective	slv
prokurdski	adjective	hbs	prokurdski	adjective	slv
prokurdski	adjective	hbs	prokurdski	adjective	slv
prokurdski	adjective	hbs	prokurdski	adjective	slv
prokurdski	adjective	hbs	prokurdski	adjective	slv
radiografski	adjective	hbs	radiografski	adjective	slv
radiografski	adjective	hbs	radiografski	adjective	slv
radiografski	adjective	hbs	radiografski	adjective	slv
radiografski	adjective	hbs	radiografski	adjective	slv
ranokršćanski	adjective	hbs	zgodnjekrščanski	adjective	slv
ranokršćanski	adjective	hbs	zgodnjekrščanski	adjective	slv
ranokršćanski	adjective	hbs	zgodnjekrščanski	adjective	slv
ranokršćanski	adjective	hbs	zgodnjekrščanski	adjective	slv
ranohrišćanski	adjective	hbs	zgodnjekrščanski	adjective	slv
ranohrišćanski	adjective	hbs	zgodnjekrščanski	adjective	slv
ranohrišćanski	adjective	hbs	zgodnjekrščanski	adjective	slv
ranohrišćanski	adjective	hbs	zgodnjekrščanski	adjective	slv
tibetski	adjective	hbs	tibetanski	adjective	slv
tibetski	adjective	hbs	tibetanski	adjective	slv
tibetski	adjective	hbs	tibetanski	adjective	slv
tibetski	adjective	hbs	tibetanski	adjective	slv
hititski	adjective	hbs	hetitski	adjective	slv
hititski	adjective	hbs	hetitski	adjective	slv
hititski	adjective	hbs	hetitski	adjective	slv
hititski	adjective	hbs	hetitski	adjective	slv
huliganski	adjective	hbs	huliganski	adjective	slv
huliganski	adjective	hbs	huliganski	adjective	slv
huliganski	adjective	hbs	huliganski	adjective	slv
huliganski	adjective	hbs	huliganski	adjective	slv
afganistanski	adjective	hbs	afganistanski	adjective	slv
afganistanski	adjective	hbs	afganistanski	adjective	slv
afganistanski	adjective	hbs	afganistanski	adjective	slv
afganistanski	adjective	hbs	afganistanski	adjective	slv
autokratski	adjective	hbs	avtokratski	adjective	slv
autokratski	adjective	hbs	avtokratski	adjective	slv
autokratski	adjective	hbs	avtokratski	adjective	slv
autokratski	adjective	hbs	avtokratski	adjective	slv
azerbejdžanski	adjective	hbs	azerbajdžanski	adjective	slv
azerbejdžanski	adjective	hbs	azerbajdžanski	adjective	slv
azerbejdžanski	adjective	hbs	azerbajdžanski	adjective	slv
azerbejdžanski	adjective	hbs	azerbajdžanski	adjective	slv
akrobatski	adjective	hbs	akrobatski	adjective	slv
akrobatski	adjective	hbs	akrobatski	adjective	slv
akrobatski	adjective	hbs	akrobatski	adjective	slv
akrobatski	adjective	hbs	akrobatski	adjective	slv
artiljerijski	adjective	hbs	artilerijski	adjective	slv
artiljerijski	adjective	hbs	artilerijski	adjective	slv
artiljerijski	adjective	hbs	artilerijski	adjective	slv
artiljerijski	adjective	hbs	artilerijski	adjective	slv
arhitektonski	adjective	hbs	arhitektonski	adjective	slv
arhitektonski	adjective	hbs	arhitektonski	adjective	slv
arhitektonski	adjective	hbs	arhitektonski	adjective	slv
arhitektonski	adjective	hbs	arhitektonski	adjective	slv
atletski	adjective	hbs	atletski	adjective	slv
atletski	adjective	hbs	atletski	adjective	slv
atletski	adjective	hbs	atletski	adjective	slv
atletski	adjective	hbs	atletski	adjective	slv
vegetarijanski	adjective	hbs	vegetarijanski	adjective	slv
vegetarijanski	adjective	hbs	vegetarijanski	adjective	slv
vegetarijanski	adjective	hbs	vegetarijanski	adjective	slv
vegetarijanski	adjective	hbs	vegetarijanski	adjective	slv
alandski	adjective	hbs	alandski	adjective	slv
alandski	adjective	hbs	alandski	adjective	slv
alandski	adjective	hbs	alandski	adjective	slv
alandski	adjective	hbs	alandski	adjective	slv
aleksandrovski	adjective	hbs	aleksandrovski	adjective	slv
aleksandrovski	adjective	hbs	aleksandrovski	adjective	slv
aleksandrovski	adjective	hbs	aleksandrovski	adjective	slv
aleksandrovski	adjective	hbs	aleksandrovski	adjective	slv
abramski	adverb	hbs	abramsko	adverb	slv
alandski	adverb	hbs	alandsko	adverb	slv
aleksandrovski	adverb	hbs	aleksandrovsko	adverb	slv
anatolijski	adverb	hbs	anatolijsko	adverb	slv
anatolijski	adjective	hbs	anatolijski	adjective	slv
anatolijski	adjective	hbs	anatolijski	adjective	slv
anatolijski	adjective	hbs	anatolijski	adjective	slv
anatolijski	adjective	hbs	anatolijski	adjective	slv
antiamerički	adjective	hbs	protiameriški	adjective	slv
antiamerički	adjective	hbs	protiameriški	adjective	slv
antiamerički	adjective	hbs	protiameriški	adjective	slv
antiamerički	adjective	hbs	protiameriški	adjective	slv
antiizraelski	adjective	hbs	protiizraelski	adjective	slv
antiizraelski	adjective	hbs	protiizraelski	adjective	slv
antiizraelski	adjective	hbs	protiizraelski	adjective	slv
antiizraelski	adjective	hbs	protiizraelski	adjective	slv
bošnjački	adverb	hbs	bošnjačko	adverb	slv
bošnjački	adjective	hbs	bošnjački	adjective	slv
bošnjački	adjective	hbs	bošnjački	adjective	slv
bošnjački	adjective	hbs	bošnjački	adjective	slv
bošnjački	adjective	hbs	bošnjački	adjective	slv
vakufski	adjective	hbs	vakufski	adjective	slv
vakufski	adjective	hbs	vakufski	adjective	slv
vakufski	adjective	hbs	vakufski	adjective	slv
vakufski	adjective	hbs	vakufski	adjective	slv
višegradski	adjective	hbs	vysehradski	adjective	slv
višegradski	adjective	hbs	vysehradski	adjective	slv
višegradski	adjective	hbs	vysehradski	adjective	slv
višegradski	adjective	hbs	vysehradski	adjective	slv
gangsterski	adjective	hbs	gangsterski	adjective	slv
gangsterski	adjective	hbs	gangsterski	adjective	slv
gangsterski	adjective	hbs	gangsterski	adjective	slv
gangsterski	adjective	hbs	gangsterski	adjective	slv
dizajnerski	adjective	hbs	dizajnerski	adjective	slv
dizajnerski	adjective	hbs	dizajnerski	adjective	slv
dizajnerski	adjective	hbs	dizajnerski	adjective	slv
dizajnerski	adjective	hbs	dizajnerski	adjective	slv
zapadnobalkanski	adjective	hbs	zahodnobalkanski	adjective	slv
zapadnobalkanski	adjective	hbs	zahodnobalkanski	adjective	slv
zapadnobalkanski	adjective	hbs	zahodnobalkanski	adjective	slv
zapadnobalkanski	adjective	hbs	zahodnobalkanski	adjective	slv
izmirski	adjective	hbs	izmirski	adjective	slv
izmirski	adjective	hbs	izmirski	adjective	slv
izmirski	adjective	hbs	izmirski	adjective	slv
izmirski	adjective	hbs	izmirski	adjective	slv
komitski	adjective	hbs	komitski	adjective	slv
komitski	adjective	hbs	komitski	adjective	slv
komitski	adjective	hbs	komitski	adjective	slv
komitski	adjective	hbs	komitski	adjective	slv
kriptografski	adjective	hbs	kriptografski	adjective	slv
kriptografski	adjective	hbs	kriptografski	adjective	slv
kriptografski	adjective	hbs	kriptografski	adjective	slv
kriptografski	adjective	hbs	kriptografski	adjective	slv
kritski	adjective	hbs	kretski	adjective	slv
kritski	adjective	hbs	kretski	adjective	slv
kritski	adjective	hbs	kretski	adjective	slv
kritski	adjective	hbs	kretski	adjective	slv
kurdistanski	adjective	hbs	kurdistanski	adjective	slv
kurdistanski	adjective	hbs	kurdistanski	adjective	slv
kurdistanski	adjective	hbs	kurdistanski	adjective	slv
kurdistanski	adjective	hbs	kurdistanski	adjective	slv
nealbanski	adjective	hbs	nealbanski	adjective	slv
nealbanski	adjective	hbs	nealbanski	adjective	slv
nealbanski	adjective	hbs	nealbanski	adjective	slv
nealbanski	adjective	hbs	nealbanski	adjective	slv
nearapski	adjective	hbs	nearabski	adjective	slv
nearapski	adjective	hbs	nearabski	adjective	slv
nearapski	adjective	hbs	nearabski	adjective	slv
nearapski	adjective	hbs	nearabski	adjective	slv
neislamski	adjective	hbs	neislamski	adjective	slv
neislamski	adjective	hbs	neislamski	adjective	slv
neislamski	adjective	hbs	neislamski	adjective	slv
neislamski	adjective	hbs	neislamski	adjective	slv
nemuslimanski	adjective	hbs	nemuslimanski	adjective	slv
nemuslimanski	adjective	hbs	nemuslimanski	adjective	slv
nemuslimanski	adjective	hbs	nemuslimanski	adjective	slv
nemuslimanski	adjective	hbs	nemuslimanski	adjective	slv
neruski	adjective	hbs	neruski	adjective	slv
neruski	adjective	hbs	neruski	adjective	slv
neruski	adjective	hbs	neruski	adjective	slv
neruski	adjective	hbs	neruski	adjective	slv
neturski	adjective	hbs	neturški	adjective	slv
neturski	adjective	hbs	neturški	adjective	slv
neturski	adjective	hbs	neturški	adjective	slv
neturski	adjective	hbs	neturški	adjective	slv
okeanografski	adjective	hbs	oceanografski	adjective	slv
okeanografski	adjective	hbs	oceanografski	adjective	slv
okeanografski	adjective	hbs	oceanografski	adjective	slv
okeanografski	adjective	hbs	oceanografski	adjective	slv
pilotski	adjective	hbs	pilotski	adjective	slv
pilotski	adjective	hbs	pilotski	adjective	slv
pilotski	adjective	hbs	pilotski	adjective	slv
pilotski	adjective	hbs	pilotski	adjective	slv
pornografski	adjective	hbs	pornografski	adjective	slv
pornografski	adjective	hbs	pornografski	adjective	slv
pornografski	adjective	hbs	pornografski	adjective	slv
pornografski	adjective	hbs	pornografski	adjective	slv
sunitski	adjective	hbs	sunitski	adjective	slv
sunitski	adjective	hbs	sunitski	adjective	slv
sunitski	adjective	hbs	sunitski	adjective	slv
sunitski	adjective	hbs	sunitski	adjective	slv
transbalkanski	adjective	hbs	transbalkanski	adjective	slv
transbalkanski	adjective	hbs	transbalkanski	adjective	slv
transbalkanski	adjective	hbs	transbalkanski	adjective	slv
transbalkanski	adjective	hbs	transbalkanski	adjective	slv
mađarski	adjective	hbs	madžarski	adjective	slv
mađarski	adjective	hbs	madžarski	adjective	slv
mađarski	adjective	hbs	madžarski	adjective	slv
mađarski	adjective	hbs	madžarski	adjective	slv
abramski	adjective	hbs	abramski	adjective	slv
abramski	adjective	hbs	abramski	adjective	slv
abramski	adjective	hbs	abramski	adjective	slv
abramski	adjective	hbs	abramski	adjective	slv
senegalski	adjective	hbs	senegalski	adjective	slv
senegalski	adjective	hbs	senegalski	adjective	slv
senegalski	adjective	hbs	senegalski	adjective	slv
senegalski	adjective	hbs	senegalski	adjective	slv
gigantski	adjective	hbs	vesoljski	adjective	slv
gigantski	adjective	hbs	vesoljski	adjective	slv
gigantski	adjective	hbs	vesoljski	adjective	slv
gigantski	adjective	hbs	vesoljski	adjective	slv
hebrejski	adjective	hbs	hebrejski	adjective	slv
hebrejski	adjective	hbs	hebrejski	adjective	slv
hebrejski	adjective	hbs	hebrejski	adjective	slv
hebrejski	adjective	hbs	hebrejski	adjective	slv
euroatlantski	adjective	hbs	evroatlantski	adjective	slv
euroatlantski	adjective	hbs	evroatlantski	adjective	slv
euroatlantski	adjective	hbs	evroatlantski	adjective	slv
euroatlantski	adjective	hbs	evroatlantski	adjective	slv
euroatlanski	adjective	hbs	evroatlantski	adjective	slv
euroatlanski	adjective	hbs	evroatlantski	adjective	slv
euroatlanski	adjective	hbs	evroatlantski	adjective	slv
euroatlanski	adjective	hbs	evroatlantski	adjective	slv
estonski	adjective	hbs	estonski	adjective	slv
estonski	adjective	hbs	estonski	adjective	slv
estonski	adjective	hbs	estonski	adjective	slv
estonski	adjective	hbs	estonski	adjective	slv
kurdski	adjective	hbs	kurdski	adjective	slv
kurdski	adjective	hbs	kurdski	adjective	slv
kurdski	adjective	hbs	kurdski	adjective	slv
kurdski	adjective	hbs	kurdski	adjective	slv
litvanski	adjective	hbs	litovski	adjective	slv
litvanski	adjective	hbs	litovski	adjective	slv
litvanski	adjective	hbs	litovski	adjective	slv
litvanski	adjective	hbs	litovski	adjective	slv
travanjski	adjective	hbs	aprilski	adjective	slv
travanjski	adjective	hbs	aprilski	adjective	slv
travanjski	adjective	hbs	aprilski	adjective	slv
travanjski	adjective	hbs	aprilski	adjective	slv
bjeloruski	adjective	hbs	beloruski	adjective	slv
bjeloruski	adjective	hbs	beloruski	adjective	slv
bjeloruski	adjective	hbs	beloruski	adjective	slv
bjeloruski	adjective	hbs	beloruski	adjective	slv
bugarski	adjective	hbs	bolgarski	adjective	slv
bugarski	adjective	hbs	bolgarski	adjective	slv
bugarski	adjective	hbs	bolgarski	adjective	slv
bugarski	adjective	hbs	bolgarski	adjective	slv
vijetnamski	adjective	hbs	vietnamski	adjective	slv
vijetnamski	adjective	hbs	vietnamski	adjective	slv
vijetnamski	adjective	hbs	vietnamski	adjective	slv
vijetnamski	adjective	hbs	vietnamski	adjective	slv
poluautomatski	adjective	hbs	polavtomatski	adjective	slv
poluautomatski	adjective	hbs	polavtomatski	adjective	slv
poluautomatski	adjective	hbs	polavtomatski	adjective	slv
poluautomatski	adjective	hbs	polavtomatski	adjective	slv
poluavtomatski	adjective	hbs	polavtomatski	adjective	slv
poluavtomatski	adjective	hbs	polavtomatski	adjective	slv
poluavtomatski	adjective	hbs	polavtomatski	adjective	slv
poluavtomatski	adjective	hbs	polavtomatski	adjective	slv
privatizacijski	adjective	hbs	privatizacijski	adjective	slv
privatizacijski	adjective	hbs	privatizacijski	adjective	slv
privatizacijski	adjective	hbs	privatizacijski	adjective	slv
privatizacijski	adjective	hbs	privatizacijski	adjective	slv
programski	adjective	hbs	programski	adjective	slv
programski	adjective	hbs	programski	adjective	slv
programski	adjective	hbs	programski	adjective	slv
programski	adjective	hbs	programski	adjective	slv
proeuropski	adjective	hbs	proevropski	adjective	slv
proeuropski	adjective	hbs	proevropski	adjective	slv
proeuropski	adjective	hbs	proevropski	adjective	slv
proeuropski	adjective	hbs	proevropski	adjective	slv
proevropski	adjective	hbs	proevropski	adjective	slv
proevropski	adjective	hbs	proevropski	adjective	slv
proevropski	adjective	hbs	proevropski	adjective	slv
proevropski	adjective	hbs	proevropski	adjective	slv
prosrpski	adjective	hbs	prosrbski	adjective	slv
prosrpski	adjective	hbs	prosrbski	adjective	slv
prosrpski	adjective	hbs	prosrbski	adjective	slv
prosrpski	adjective	hbs	prosrbski	adjective	slv
radarski	adjective	hbs	radarski	adjective	slv
radarski	adjective	hbs	radarski	adjective	slv
radarski	adjective	hbs	radarski	adjective	slv
radarski	adjective	hbs	radarski	adjective	slv
robotski	adjective	hbs	robotski	adjective	slv
robotski	adjective	hbs	robotski	adjective	slv
robotski	adjective	hbs	robotski	adjective	slv
robotski	adjective	hbs	robotski	adjective	slv
softverski	adjective	hbs	programerski	adjective	slv
softverski	adjective	hbs	programerski	adjective	slv
softverski	adjective	hbs	programerski	adjective	slv
softverski	adjective	hbs	programerski	adjective	slv
stabilizatorski	adjective	hbs	stabilizacijski	adjective	slv
stabilizatorski	adjective	hbs	stabilizacijski	adjective	slv
stabilizatorski	adjective	hbs	stabilizacijski	adjective	slv
stabilizatorski	adjective	hbs	stabilizacijski	adjective	slv
stabilizacijski	adjective	hbs	stabilizacijski	adjective	slv
stabilizacijski	adjective	hbs	stabilizacijski	adjective	slv
stabilizacijski	adjective	hbs	stabilizacijski	adjective	slv
stabilizacijski	adjective	hbs	stabilizacijski	adjective	slv
terapeutski	adjective	hbs	terapevtski	adjective	slv
terapeutski	adjective	hbs	terapevtski	adjective	slv
terapeutski	adjective	hbs	terapevtski	adjective	slv
terapeutski	adjective	hbs	terapevtski	adjective	slv
terenski	adjective	hbs	terenski	adjective	slv
terenski	adjective	hbs	terenski	adjective	slv
terenski	adjective	hbs	terenski	adjective	slv
terenski	adjective	hbs	terenski	adjective	slv
tomografski	adjective	hbs	tomografski	adjective	slv
tomografski	adjective	hbs	tomografski	adjective	slv
tomografski	adjective	hbs	tomografski	adjective	slv
tomografski	adjective	hbs	tomografski	adjective	slv
uzbekistanski	adjective	hbs	uzbekistanski	adjective	slv
uzbekistanski	adjective	hbs	uzbekistanski	adjective	slv
uzbekistanski	adjective	hbs	uzbekistanski	adjective	slv
uzbekistanski	adjective	hbs	uzbekistanski	adjective	slv
fantomski	adjective	hbs	fantomski	adjective	slv
fantomski	adjective	hbs	fantomski	adjective	slv
fantomski	adjective	hbs	fantomski	adjective	slv
fantomski	adjective	hbs	fantomski	adjective	slv
nehigijenski	adjective	hbs	nehigienski	adjective	slv
nehigijenski	adjective	hbs	nehigienski	adjective	slv
nehigijenski	adjective	hbs	nehigienski	adjective	slv
nehigijenski	adjective	hbs	nehigienski	adjective	slv
parfimerijski	adjective	hbs	parfumski	adjective	slv
parfimerijski	adjective	hbs	parfumski	adjective	slv
parfimerijski	adjective	hbs	parfumski	adjective	slv
parfimerijski	adjective	hbs	parfumski	adjective	slv
nezakonski	adjective	hbs	nezakonski	adjective	slv
nezakonski	adjective	hbs	nezakonski	adjective	slv
nezakonski	adjective	hbs	nezakonski	adjective	slv
nezakonski	adjective	hbs	nezakonski	adjective	slv
megalomanski	adjective	hbs	megalomanski	adjective	slv
megalomanski	adjective	hbs	megalomanski	adjective	slv
megalomanski	adjective	hbs	megalomanski	adjective	slv
megalomanski	adjective	hbs	megalomanski	adjective	slv
koreografski	adjective	hbs	koreografski	adjective	slv
koreografski	adjective	hbs	koreografski	adjective	slv
koreografski	adjective	hbs	koreografski	adjective	slv
koreografski	adjective	hbs	koreografski	adjective	slv
kosmopolitski	adjective	hbs	svetovljanski	adjective	slv
kosmopolitski	adjective	hbs	svetovljanski	adjective	slv
kosmopolitski	adjective	hbs	svetovljanski	adjective	slv
kosmopolitski	adjective	hbs	svetovljanski	adjective	slv
kozmopolitski	adjective	hbs	svetovljanski	adjective	slv
kozmopolitski	adjective	hbs	svetovljanski	adjective	slv
kozmopolitski	adjective	hbs	svetovljanski	adjective	slv
kozmopolitski	adjective	hbs	svetovljanski	adjective	slv
kompjuterski	adjective	hbs	računalniški	adjective	slv
kompjuterski	adjective	hbs	računalniški	adjective	slv
kompjuterski	adjective	hbs	računalniški	adjective	slv
kompjuterski	adjective	hbs	računalniški	adjective	slv
kompjutorski	adjective	hbs	računalniški	adjective	slv
kompjutorski	adjective	hbs	računalniški	adjective	slv
kompjutorski	adjective	hbs	računalniški	adjective	slv
kompjutorski	adjective	hbs	računalniški	adjective	slv
konzervatorski	adjective	hbs	konzervatorski	adjective	slv
konzervatorski	adjective	hbs	konzervatorski	adjective	slv
konzervatorski	adjective	hbs	konzervatorski	adjective	slv
konzervatorski	adjective	hbs	konzervatorski	adjective	slv
evangelički	adjective	hbs	evangelijski	adjective	slv
evangelički	adjective	hbs	evangelijski	adjective	slv
evangelički	adjective	hbs	evangelijski	adjective	slv
evangelički	adjective	hbs	evangelijski	adjective	slv
jermenski	adjective	hbs	jermenski	adjective	slv
jermenski	adjective	hbs	jermenski	adjective	slv
jermenski	adjective	hbs	jermenski	adjective	slv
jermenski	adjective	hbs	jermenski	adjective	slv
estetski	adjective	hbs	estetski	adjective	slv
estetski	adjective	hbs	estetski	adjective	slv
estetski	adjective	hbs	estetski	adjective	slv
estetski	adjective	hbs	estetski	adjective	slv
inflacijski	adjective	hbs	inflacijski	adjective	slv
inflacijski	adjective	hbs	inflacijski	adjective	slv
inflacijski	adjective	hbs	inflacijski	adjective	slv
inflacijski	adjective	hbs	inflacijski	adjective	slv
kavkaski	adjective	hbs	kavkaski	adjective	slv
kavkaski	adjective	hbs	kavkaski	adjective	slv
kavkaski	adjective	hbs	kavkaski	adjective	slv
kavkaski	adjective	hbs	kavkaski	adjective	slv
kadrovski	adjective	hbs	kadrovski	adjective	slv
kadrovski	adjective	hbs	kadrovski	adjective	slv
kadrovski	adjective	hbs	kadrovski	adjective	slv
kadrovski	adjective	hbs	kadrovski	adjective	slv
kaligrafski	adjective	hbs	kaligrafski	adjective	slv
kaligrafski	adjective	hbs	kaligrafski	adjective	slv
kaligrafski	adjective	hbs	kaligrafski	adjective	slv
kaligrafski	adjective	hbs	kaligrafski	adjective	slv
gruzijski	adjective	hbs	gruzijski	adjective	slv
gruzijski	adjective	hbs	gruzijski	adjective	slv
gruzijski	adjective	hbs	gruzijski	adjective	slv
gruzijski	adjective	hbs	gruzijski	adjective	slv
albanski	adjective	hbs	albanski	adjective	slv
albanski	adjective	hbs	albanski	adjective	slv
albanski	adjective	hbs	albanski	adjective	slv
albanski	adjective	hbs	albanski	adjective	slv
desničarski	adjective	hbs	desničarski	adjective	slv
desničarski	adjective	hbs	desničarski	adjective	slv
desničarski	adjective	hbs	desničarski	adjective	slv
desničarski	adjective	hbs	desničarski	adjective	slv
iranski	adjective	hbs	iranski	adjective	slv
iranski	adjective	hbs	iranski	adjective	slv
iranski	adjective	hbs	iranski	adjective	slv
iranski	adjective	hbs	iranski	adjective	slv
makedonski	adjective	hbs	makedonski	adjective	slv
makedonski	adjective	hbs	makedonski	adjective	slv
makedonski	adjective	hbs	makedonski	adjective	slv
makedonski	adjective	hbs	makedonski	adjective	slv
sudanski	adjective	hbs	sudanski	adjective	slv
sudanski	adjective	hbs	sudanski	adjective	slv
sudanski	adjective	hbs	sudanski	adjective	slv
sudanski	adjective	hbs	sudanski	adjective	slv
ukrajinski	adjective	hbs	ukrajinski	adjective	slv
ukrajinski	adjective	hbs	ukrajinski	adjective	slv
ukrajinski	adjective	hbs	ukrajinski	adjective	slv
ukrajinski	adjective	hbs	ukrajinski	adjective	slv
finski	adjective	hbs	finski	adjective	slv
finski	adjective	hbs	finski	adjective	slv
finski	adjective	hbs	finski	adjective	slv
finski	adjective	hbs	finski	adjective	slv
čečenski	adjective	hbs	čečenski	adjective	slv
čečenski	adjective	hbs	čečenski	adjective	slv
čečenski	adjective	hbs	čečenski	adjective	slv
čečenski	adjective	hbs	čečenski	adjective	slv
imotski	adjective	hbs	imotski	adjective	slv
imotski	adjective	hbs	imotski	adjective	slv
imotski	adjective	hbs	imotski	adjective	slv
imotski	adjective	hbs	imotski	adjective	slv
kazahstanski	adjective	hbs	kazakstanski	adjective	slv
kazahstanski	adjective	hbs	kazakstanski	adjective	slv
kazahstanski	adjective	hbs	kazakstanski	adjective	slv
kazahstanski	adjective	hbs	kazakstanski	adjective	slv
oceanografski	adjective	hbs	oceanografski	adjective	slv
oceanografski	adjective	hbs	oceanografski	adjective	slv
oceanografski	adjective	hbs	oceanografski	adjective	slv
oceanografski	adjective	hbs	oceanografski	adjective	slv
latvijski	adjective	hbs	latvijski	adjective	slv
latvijski	adjective	hbs	latvijski	adjective	slv
latvijski	adjective	hbs	latvijski	adjective	slv
latvijski	adjective	hbs	latvijski	adjective	slv
sibirski	adjective	hbs	sibirski	adjective	slv
sibirski	adjective	hbs	sibirski	adjective	slv
sibirski	adjective	hbs	sibirski	adjective	slv
sibirski	adjective	hbs	sibirski	adjective	slv
janjičarski	adjective	hbs	janičarski	adjective	slv
janjičarski	adjective	hbs	janičarski	adjective	slv
janjičarski	adjective	hbs	janičarski	adjective	slv
janjičarski	adjective	hbs	janičarski	adjective	slv
južnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	južnoevropski	adjective	slv
južnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	južnoevropski	adjective	slv
južnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	južnoevropski	adjective	slv
južnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	južnoevropski	adjective	slv
južnoevropski	adjective	hbs	južnoevropski	adjective	slv
južnoevropski	adjective	hbs	južnoevropski	adjective	slv
južnoevropski	adjective	hbs	južnoevropski	adjective	slv
južnoevropski	adjective	hbs	južnoevropski	adjective	slv
prekogranični	adjective	hbs	čezmejen	adjective	slv
multietnički	adjective	hbs	večetničen	adjective	slv
multietnički	adjective	hbs	večetničen	adjective	slv
multietnički	adjective	hbs	večetničen	adjective	slv
multietnički	adjective	hbs	večetničen	adjective	slv
nacionalistički	adjective	hbs	nacionalističen	adjective	slv
nacionalistički	adjective	hbs	nacionalističen	adjective	slv
nacionalistički	adjective	hbs	nacionalističen	adjective	slv
nacionalistički	adjective	hbs	nacionalističen	adjective	slv
postsocijalistički	adjective	hbs	postsocialističen	adjective	slv
postsocijalistički	adjective	hbs	postsocialističen	adjective	slv
postsocijalistički	adjective	hbs	postsocialističen	adjective	slv
postsocijalistički	adjective	hbs	postsocialističen	adjective	slv
videokonferencijski	adjective	hbs	videokonferenčen	adjective	slv
videokonferencijski	adjective	hbs	videokonferenčen	adjective	slv
videokonferencijski	adjective	hbs	videokonferenčen	adjective	slv
videokonferencijski	adjective	hbs	videokonferenčen	adjective	slv
gimnastičarski	adjective	hbs	gimnastičen	adjective	slv
gimnastičarski	adjective	hbs	gimnastičen	adjective	slv
gimnastičarski	adjective	hbs	gimnastičen	adjective	slv
gimnastičarski	adjective	hbs	gimnastičen	adjective	slv
diskriminacijski	adjective	hbs	diskriminatoren	adjective	slv
diskriminacijski	adjective	hbs	diskriminatoren	adjective	slv
diskriminacijski	adjective	hbs	diskriminatoren	adjective	slv
diskriminacijski	adjective	hbs	diskriminatoren	adjective	slv
diskriminatorski	adjective	hbs	diskriminatoren	adjective	slv
diskriminatorski	adjective	hbs	diskriminatoren	adjective	slv
diskriminatorski	adjective	hbs	diskriminatoren	adjective	slv
diskriminatorski	adjective	hbs	diskriminatoren	adjective	slv
kompenzatorski	adjective	hbs	nadomesten	adjective	slv
kompenzatorski	adjective	hbs	nadomesten	adjective	slv
kompenzatorski	adjective	hbs	nadomesten	adjective	slv
kompenzatorski	adjective	hbs	nadomesten	adjective	slv
kulinarski	adjective	hbs	kulinaričen	adjective	slv
kulinarski	adjective	hbs	kulinaričen	adjective	slv
kulinarski	adjective	hbs	kulinaričen	adjective	slv
kulinarski	adjective	hbs	kulinaričen	adjective	slv
metalski	adjective	hbs	metalen	adjective	slv
metalski	adjective	hbs	metalen	adjective	slv
metalski	adjective	hbs	metalen	adjective	slv
metalski	adjective	hbs	metalen	adjective	slv
nediskriminacijski	adjective	hbs	nediskriminatoren	adjective	slv
nediskriminacijski	adjective	hbs	nediskriminatoren	adjective	slv
nediskriminacijski	adjective	hbs	nediskriminatoren	adjective	slv
nediskriminacijski	adjective	hbs	nediskriminatoren	adjective	slv
nediskriminatorski	adjective	hbs	nediskriminatoren	adjective	slv
nediskriminatorski	adjective	hbs	nediskriminatoren	adjective	slv
nediskriminatorski	adjective	hbs	nediskriminatoren	adjective	slv
nediskriminatorski	adjective	hbs	nediskriminatoren	adjective	slv
nesportski	adjective	hbs	nešporten	adjective	slv
nesportski	adjective	hbs	nešporten	adjective	slv
nesportski	adjective	hbs	nešporten	adjective	slv
nesportski	adjective	hbs	nešporten	adjective	slv
patriotski	adjective	hbs	domoljuben	adjective	slv
patriotski	adjective	hbs	domoljuben	adjective	slv
patriotski	adjective	hbs	domoljuben	adjective	slv
patriotski	adjective	hbs	domoljuben	adjective	slv
rodan	adjective	hbs	roden	adjective	slv
rodan	adjective	hbs	roden	adjective	slv
rodan	adjective	hbs	roden	adjective	slv
rodan	adjective	hbs	roden	adjective	slv
udarni	adjective	hbs	udaren	adjective	slv
brojčani	adjective	hbs	številčen	adjective	slv
konkurentski	adjective	hbs	konkurenčen	adjective	slv
konkurentski	adjective	hbs	konkurenčen	adjective	slv
konkurentski	adjective	hbs	konkurenčen	adjective	slv
konkurentski	adjective	hbs	konkurenčen	adjective	slv
neekonomski	adjective	hbs	negospodaren	adjective	slv
neekonomski	adjective	hbs	negospodaren	adjective	slv
neekonomski	adjective	hbs	negospodaren	adjective	slv
neekonomski	adjective	hbs	negospodaren	adjective	slv
željezan	adjective	hbs	železen	adjective	slv
željezan	adjective	hbs	železen	adjective	slv
željezan	adjective	hbs	železen	adjective	slv
željezan	adjective	hbs	železen	adjective	slv
glinen	adjective	hbs	glinen	adjective	slv
glinen	adjective	hbs	glinen	adjective	slv
glinen	adjective	hbs	glinen	adjective	slv
glinen	adjective	hbs	glinen	adjective	slv
glasovit	adjective	hbs	viden	adjective	slv
glasovit	adjective	hbs	viden	adjective	slv
glasovit	adjective	hbs	viden	adjective	slv
glasovit	adjective	hbs	viden	adjective	slv
hranjivo	adverb	hbs	prehranjevalno	adverb	slv
hranjiv	adjective	hbs	prehranjevalen	adjective	slv
hranjiv	adjective	hbs	prehranjevalen	adjective	slv
hranjiv	adjective	hbs	prehranjevalen	adjective	slv
hranjiv	adjective	hbs	prehranjevalen	adjective	slv
bakren	adjective	hbs	bakren	adjective	slv
bakren	adjective	hbs	bakren	adjective	slv
bakren	adjective	hbs	bakren	adjective	slv
bakren	adjective	hbs	bakren	adjective	slv
kratkoročan	adjective	hbs	kratkoročen	adjective	slv
glačan	adjective	hbs	glajen	adjective	slv
glačan	adjective	hbs	glajen	adjective	slv
glačan	adjective	hbs	glajen	adjective	slv
glačan	adjective	hbs	glajen	adjective	slv
pravokutan	adjective	hbs	pravokoten	adjective	slv
pravokutan	adjective	hbs	pravokoten	adjective	slv
pravokutan	adjective	hbs	pravokoten	adjective	slv
pravokutan	adjective	hbs	pravokoten	adjective	slv
ukrašen	adjective	hbs	okrašen	adjective	slv
ukrašen	adjective	hbs	okrašen	adjective	slv
ukrašen	adjective	hbs	okrašen	adjective	slv
ukrašen	adjective	hbs	okrašen	adjective	slv
metalan	adjective	hbs	kovinski	adjective	slv
metalan	adjective	hbs	kovinski	adjective	slv
metalan	adjective	hbs	kovinski	adjective	slv
metalan	adjective	hbs	kovinski	adjective	slv
smeđ	adjective	hbs	rjav	adjective	slv
smeđ	adjective	hbs	rjav	adjective	slv
smeđ	adjective	hbs	rjav	adjective	slv
smeđ	adjective	hbs	rjav	adjective	slv
plodan	adjective	hbs	ploden	adjective	slv
plodan	adjective	hbs	ploden	adjective	slv
plodan	adjective	hbs	ploden	adjective	slv
plodan	adjective	hbs	ploden	adjective	slv
kopnen	adjective	hbs	kopenski	adjective	slv
kopnen	adjective	hbs	kopenski	adjective	slv
kopnen	adjective	hbs	kopenski	adjective	slv
kopnen	adjective	hbs	kopenski	adjective	slv
zao	adjective	hbs	zloben	adjective	slv
zao	adjective	hbs	zloben	adjective	slv
zao	adjective	hbs	zloben	adjective	slv
zao	adjective	hbs	zloben	adjective	slv
pola	adverb	hbs	pol	adverb	slv
žiro	adjective	hbs	žiro	adjective	slv
fer	adjective	hbs	pošten	adjective	slv
fer	adjective	hbs	pošten	adjective	slv
fer	adjective	hbs	pošten	adjective	slv
fer	adjective	hbs	pošten	adjective	slv
zemljopisan	adjective	hbs	zemljepisen	adjective	slv
zemljopisan	adjective	hbs	zemljepisen	adjective	slv
zemljopisan	adjective	hbs	zemljepisen	adjective	slv
zemljopisan	adjective	hbs	zemljepisen	adjective	slv
obmanut	adjective	hbs	zaveden	adjective	slv
obmanut	adjective	hbs	zaveden	adjective	slv
obmanut	adjective	hbs	zaveden	adjective	slv
obmanut	adjective	hbs	zaveden	adjective	slv
preuzet	adjective	hbs	prevzet	adjective	slv
preuzet	adjective	hbs	prevzet	adjective	slv
preuzet	adjective	hbs	prevzet	adjective	slv
preuzet	adjective	hbs	prevzet	adjective	slv
trojak	adjective	hbs	trivrsten	adjective	slv
trojak	adjective	hbs	trivrsten	adjective	slv
trojak	adjective	hbs	trivrsten	adjective	slv
trojak	adjective	hbs	trivrsten	adjective	slv
pripravan	adjective	hbs	pripravljen	adjective	slv
pripravan	adjective	hbs	pripravljen	adjective	slv
pripravan	adjective	hbs	pripravljen	adjective	slv
pripravan	adjective	hbs	pripravljen	adjective	slv
uslovan	adjective	hbs	pogojen	adjective	slv
uslovan	adjective	hbs	pogojen	adjective	slv
uslovan	adjective	hbs	pogojen	adjective	slv
uslovan	adjective	hbs	pogojen	adjective	slv
sustavan	adjective	hbs	sistematičen	adjective	slv
sustavan	adjective	hbs	sistematičen	adjective	slv
sustavan	adjective	hbs	sistematičen	adjective	slv
sustavan	adjective	hbs	sistematičen	adjective	slv
nominovan	adjective	hbs	nominiran	adjective	slv
nominovan	adjective	hbs	nominiran	adjective	slv
nominovan	adjective	hbs	nominiran	adjective	slv
nominovan	adjective	hbs	nominiran	adjective	slv
kružan	adjective	hbs	krožen	adjective	slv
kružan	adjective	hbs	krožen	adjective	slv
kružan	adjective	hbs	krožen	adjective	slv
kružan	adjective	hbs	krožen	adjective	slv
autonoman	adjective	hbs	samostojen	adjective	slv
autonoman	adjective	hbs	samostojen	adjective	slv
autonoman	adjective	hbs	samostojen	adjective	slv
autonoman	adjective	hbs	samostojen	adjective	slv
bolan	adjective	hbs	bolan	adjective	slv
bolan	adjective	hbs	bolan	adjective	slv
bolan	adjective	hbs	bolan	adjective	slv
bolan	adjective	hbs	bolan	adjective	slv
ukupan	adjective	hbs	skupen	adjective	slv
ukupan	adjective	hbs	skupen	adjective	slv
ukupan	adjective	hbs	skupen	adjective	slv
ukupan	adjective	hbs	skupen	adjective	slv
grandiozan	adjective	hbs	veličasten	adjective	slv
grandiozan	adjective	hbs	veličasten	adjective	slv
grandiozan	adjective	hbs	veličasten	adjective	slv
grandiozan	adjective	hbs	veličasten	adjective	slv
izravan	adjective	hbs	direkten	adjective	slv
izravan	adjective	hbs	direkten	adjective	slv
izravan	adjective	hbs	direkten	adjective	slv
izravan	adjective	hbs	direkten	adjective	slv
drevan	adjective	hbs	starodaven	adjective	slv
drevan	adjective	hbs	starodaven	adjective	slv
drevan	adjective	hbs	starodaven	adjective	slv
drevan	adjective	hbs	starodaven	adjective	slv
duhovan	adjective	hbs	duhoven	adjective	slv
duhovan	adjective	hbs	duhoven	adjective	slv
duhovan	adjective	hbs	duhoven	adjective	slv
duhovan	adjective	hbs	duhoven	adjective	slv
električan	adjective	hbs	električen	adjective	slv
električan	adjective	hbs	električen	adjective	slv
električan	adjective	hbs	električen	adjective	slv
električan	adjective	hbs	električen	adjective	slv
emocionalan	adjective	hbs	čustven	adjective	slv
emocionalan	adjective	hbs	čustven	adjective	slv
emocionalan	adjective	hbs	čustven	adjective	slv
emocionalan	adjective	hbs	čustven	adjective	slv
individualan	adjective	hbs	posamezen	adjective	slv
individualan	adjective	hbs	posamezen	adjective	slv
individualan	adjective	hbs	posamezen	adjective	slv
individualan	adjective	hbs	posamezen	adjective	slv
individualan	adjective	hbs	individualen	adjective	slv
individualan	adjective	hbs	individualen	adjective	slv
individualan	adjective	hbs	individualen	adjective	slv
individualan	adjective	hbs	individualen	adjective	slv
nacionalan	adjective	hbs	nacionalen	adjective	slv
nacionalan	adjective	hbs	nacionalen	adjective	slv
nacionalan	adjective	hbs	nacionalen	adjective	slv
nacionalan	adjective	hbs	nacionalen	adjective	slv
internacionalan	adjective	hbs	mednaroden	adjective	slv
internacionalan	adjective	hbs	mednaroden	adjective	slv
internacionalan	adjective	hbs	mednaroden	adjective	slv
internacionalan	adjective	hbs	mednaroden	adjective	slv
izniman	adjective	hbs	izjemen	adjective	slv
izniman	adjective	hbs	izjemen	adjective	slv
izniman	adjective	hbs	izjemen	adjective	slv
izniman	adjective	hbs	izjemen	adjective	slv
kriminalan	adjective	hbs	kazenski	adjective	slv
kriminalan	adjective	hbs	kazenski	adjective	slv
kriminalan	adjective	hbs	kazenski	adjective	slv
kriminalan	adjective	hbs	kazenski	adjective	slv
kristalan	adjective	hbs	kristalen	adjective	slv
kristalan	adjective	hbs	kristalen	adjective	slv
kristalan	adjective	hbs	kristalen	adjective	slv
kristalan	adjective	hbs	kristalen	adjective	slv
krupan	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
krupan	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
krupan	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
krupan	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
legalan	adjective	hbs	praven	adjective	slv
legalan	adjective	hbs	praven	adjective	slv
legalan	adjective	hbs	praven	adjective	slv
legalan	adjective	hbs	praven	adjective	slv
legitiman	adjective	hbs	zakonit	adjective	slv
legitiman	adjective	hbs	zakonit	adjective	slv
legitiman	adjective	hbs	zakonit	adjective	slv
legitiman	adjective	hbs	zakonit	adjective	slv
ličan	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
ličan	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
ličan	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
ličan	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
misteriozan	adjective	hbs	skrivnosten	adjective	slv
misteriozan	adjective	hbs	skrivnosten	adjective	slv
misteriozan	adjective	hbs	skrivnosten	adjective	slv
misteriozan	adjective	hbs	skrivnosten	adjective	slv
momentalan	adjective	hbs	trenuten	adjective	slv
momentalan	adjective	hbs	trenuten	adjective	slv
momentalan	adjective	hbs	trenuten	adjective	slv
momentalan	adjective	hbs	trenuten	adjective	slv
moralan	adjective	hbs	moralen	adjective	slv
moralan	adjective	hbs	moralen	adjective	slv
moralan	adjective	hbs	moralen	adjective	slv
moralan	adjective	hbs	moralen	adjective	slv
nacionalan	adjective	hbs	naroden	adjective	slv
nacionalan	adjective	hbs	naroden	adjective	slv
nacionalan	adjective	hbs	naroden	adjective	slv
nacionalan	adjective	hbs	naroden	adjective	slv
neodložan	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
neodložan	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
neodložan	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
neodložan	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
personalan	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
personalan	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
personalan	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
personalan	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
pobjedonosan	adjective	hbs	zmagovit	adjective	slv
pobjedonosan	adjective	hbs	zmagovit	adjective	slv
pobjedonosan	adjective	hbs	zmagovit	adjective	slv
pobjedonosan	adjective	hbs	zmagovit	adjective	slv
prostoran	adjective	hbs	prostoren	adjective	slv
prostoran	adjective	hbs	prostoren	adjective	slv
prostoran	adjective	hbs	prostoren	adjective	slv
prostoran	adjective	hbs	prostoren	adjective	slv
religiozan	adjective	hbs	veren	adjective	slv
religiozan	adjective	hbs	veren	adjective	slv
religiozan	adjective	hbs	veren	adjective	slv
religiozan	adjective	hbs	veren	adjective	slv
specijalan	adjective	hbs	poseben	adjective	slv
specijalan	adjective	hbs	poseben	adjective	slv
specijalan	adjective	hbs	poseben	adjective	slv
specijalan	adjective	hbs	poseben	adjective	slv
ugovoran	adjective	hbs	pogodben	adjective	slv
ugovorno	adverb	hbs	pogodbeno	adverb	slv
sporan	adjective	hbs	sporen	adjective	slv
sporan	adjective	hbs	sporen	adjective	slv
sporan	adjective	hbs	sporen	adjective	slv
sporan	adjective	hbs	sporen	adjective	slv
ekstremno	adverb	hbs	skrajno	adverb	slv
ekstremno	adverb	hbs	skrajno	adverb	slv
ekstreman	adjective	hbs	skrajen	adjective	slv
ekstreman	adjective	hbs	skrajen	adjective	slv
ekstreman	adjective	hbs	skrajen	adjective	slv
ekstreman	adjective	hbs	skrajen	adjective	slv
hroničan	adjective	hbs	kroničen	adjective	slv
hroničan	adjective	hbs	kroničen	adjective	slv
hroničan	adjective	hbs	kroničen	adjective	slv
hroničan	adjective	hbs	kroničen	adjective	slv
cjelokupan	adjective	hbs	celoten	adjective	slv
cjelokupan	adjective	hbs	celoten	adjective	slv
cjelokupan	adjective	hbs	celoten	adjective	slv
cjelokupan	adjective	hbs	celoten	adjective	slv
javan	adjective	hbs	javen	adjective	slv
javan	adjective	hbs	javen	adjective	slv
javan	adjective	hbs	javen	adjective	slv
javan	adjective	hbs	javen	adjective	slv
djelimičan	adjective	hbs	delen	adjective	slv
djelimičan	adjective	hbs	delen	adjective	slv
djelimičan	adjective	hbs	delen	adjective	slv
djelimičan	adjective	hbs	delen	adjective	slv
dobrovoljan	adjective	hbs	prostovoljen	adjective	slv
dobrovoljan	adjective	hbs	prostovoljen	adjective	slv
dobrovoljan	adjective	hbs	prostovoljen	adjective	slv
dobrovoljan	adjective	hbs	prostovoljen	adjective	slv
efikasan	adjective	hbs	učinkovit	adjective	slv
efikasan	adjective	hbs	učinkovit	adjective	slv
efikasan	adjective	hbs	učinkovit	adjective	slv
efikasan	adjective	hbs	učinkovit	adjective	slv
ovisan	adjective	hbs	odvisen	adjective	slv
kasan	adjective	hbs	kasen	adjective	slv
kasan	adjective	hbs	kasen	adjective	slv
kasan	adjective	hbs	kasen	adjective	slv
kasan	adjective	hbs	kasen	adjective	slv
samostalan	adjective	hbs	samostojen	adjective	slv
samostalan	adjective	hbs	samostojen	adjective	slv
samostalan	adjective	hbs	samostojen	adjective	slv
samostalan	adjective	hbs	samostojen	adjective	slv
ekstradiran	adjective	hbs	izročen	adjective	slv
ekstradiran	adjective	hbs	izročen	adjective	slv
ekstradiran	adjective	hbs	izročen	adjective	slv
ekstradiran	adjective	hbs	izročen	adjective	slv
zakazan	adjective	hbs	naročen	adjective	slv
zakazan	adjective	hbs	naročen	adjective	slv
zakazan	adjective	hbs	naročen	adjective	slv
zakazan	adjective	hbs	naročen	adjective	slv
kontinuiran	adjective	hbs	neprekinjen	adjective	slv
kontinuiran	adjective	hbs	neprekinjen	adjective	slv
kontinuiran	adjective	hbs	neprekinjen	adjective	slv
kontinuiran	adjective	hbs	neprekinjen	adjective	slv
organiziran	adjective	hbs	organiziran	adjective	slv
organiziran	adjective	hbs	organiziran	adjective	slv
organiziran	adjective	hbs	organiziran	adjective	slv
organiziran	adjective	hbs	organiziran	adjective	slv
penzionisan	adjective	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
penzionisan	adjective	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
penzionisan	adjective	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
penzionisan	adjective	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
razvojan	adjective	hbs	razvojen	adjective	slv
razvojno	adverb	hbs	razvojno	adverb	slv
kohezijski	adjective	hbs	kohezijski	adjective	slv
kohezijski	adverb	hbs	kohezijsko	adverb	slv
postotan	adjective	hbs	odstoten	adjective	slv
postotno	adverb	hbs	odstotno	adverb	slv
postojan	adjective	hbs	enakomeren	adjective	slv
postojan	adjective	hbs	enakomeren	adjective	slv
postojan	adjective	hbs	enakomeren	adjective	slv
postojan	adjective	hbs	enakomeren	adjective	slv
registriran	adjective	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
registriran	adjective	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
registriran	adjective	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
registriran	adjective	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
registrovan	adjective	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
registrovan	adjective	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
registrovan	adjective	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
registrovan	adjective	hbs	registriran	adjective	slv
sponzoriran	adjective	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
sponzoriran	adjective	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
sponzoriran	adjective	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
sponzoriran	adjective	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
sponzorisan	adjective	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
sponzorisan	adjective	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
sponzorisan	adjective	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
sponzorisan	adjective	hbs	sponzoriran	adjective	slv
motiviran	adjective	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
motiviran	adjective	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
motiviran	adjective	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
motiviran	adjective	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
motivisan	adjective	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
motivisan	adjective	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
motivisan	adjective	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
motivisan	adjective	hbs	motiviran	adjective	slv
gnjio	adjective	hbs	gnil	adjective	slv
gnjio	adjective	hbs	gnil	adjective	slv
gnjio	adjective	hbs	gnil	adjective	slv
gnjio	adjective	hbs	gnil	adjective	slv
blagoslovljen	adjective	hbs	blagoslovljen	adjective	slv
blagoslovljen	adjective	hbs	blagoslovljen	adjective	slv
blagoslovljen	adjective	hbs	blagoslovljen	adjective	slv
blagoslovljen	adjective	hbs	blagoslovljen	adjective	slv
sjedinjen	adjective	hbs	združen	adjective	slv
sjedinjen	adjective	hbs	združen	adjective	slv
sjedinjen	adjective	hbs	združen	adjective	slv
sjedinjen	adjective	hbs	združen	adjective	slv
završen	adjective	hbs	končan	adjective	slv
završen	adjective	hbs	končan	adjective	slv
završen	adjective	hbs	končan	adjective	slv
završen	adjective	hbs	končan	adjective	slv
zagušen	adjective	hbs	zadavljen	adjective	slv
zagušen	adjective	hbs	zadavljen	adjective	slv
zagušen	adjective	hbs	zadavljen	adjective	slv
zagušen	adjective	hbs	zadavljen	adjective	slv
zdravstven	adjective	hbs	zdravstven	adjective	slv
zdravstven	adjective	hbs	zdravstven	adjective	slv
zdravstven	adjective	hbs	zdravstven	adjective	slv
zdravstven	adjective	hbs	zdravstven	adjective	slv
upućen	adjective	hbs	obveščen	adjective	slv
upućen	adjective	hbs	obveščen	adjective	slv
upućen	adjective	hbs	obveščen	adjective	slv
upućen	adjective	hbs	obveščen	adjective	slv
odložen	adjective	hbs	odložen	adjective	slv
odložen	adjective	hbs	odložen	adjective	slv
odložen	adjective	hbs	odložen	adjective	slv
odložen	adjective	hbs	odložen	adjective	slv
opredijeljen	adjective	hbs	opredeljen	adjective	slv
opredijeljen	adjective	hbs	opredeljen	adjective	slv
opredijeljen	adjective	hbs	opredeljen	adjective	slv
opredijeljen	adjective	hbs	opredeljen	adjective	slv
pobjeđen	adjective	hbs	poražen	adjective	slv
pobjeđen	adjective	hbs	poražen	adjective	slv
pobjeđen	adjective	hbs	poražen	adjective	slv
pobjeđen	adjective	hbs	poražen	adjective	slv
povrijeđen	adjective	hbs	ranjen	adjective	slv
povrijeđen	adjective	hbs	ranjen	adjective	slv
povrijeđen	adjective	hbs	ranjen	adjective	slv
povrijeđen	adjective	hbs	ranjen	adjective	slv
preminuo	adjective	hbs	umrl	adjective	slv
preminuo	adjective	hbs	umrl	adjective	slv
preminuo	adjective	hbs	umrl	adjective	slv
preminuo	adjective	hbs	umrl	adjective	slv
predvođen	adjective	hbs	vodilen	adjective	slv
predvođen	adjective	hbs	vodilen	adjective	slv
predvođen	adjective	hbs	vodilen	adjective	slv
predvođen	adjective	hbs	vodilen	adjective	slv
predložen	adjective	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
predložen	adjective	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
predložen	adjective	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
predložen	adjective	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
prenesen	adjective	hbs	prenesen	adjective	slv
prenesen	adjective	hbs	prenesen	adjective	slv
prenesen	adjective	hbs	prenesen	adjective	slv
prenesen	adjective	hbs	prenesen	adjective	slv
proslavljen	adjective	hbs	proslavljen	adjective	slv
proslavljen	adjective	hbs	proslavljen	adjective	slv
proslavljen	adjective	hbs	proslavljen	adjective	slv
proslavljen	adjective	hbs	proslavljen	adjective	slv
raspoređen	adjective	hbs	razporejen	adjective	slv
raspoređen	adjective	hbs	razporejen	adjective	slv
raspoređen	adjective	hbs	razporejen	adjective	slv
raspoređen	adjective	hbs	razporejen	adjective	slv
sproveden	adjective	hbs	izveden	adjective	slv
sproveden	adjective	hbs	izpeljan	adjective	slv
sproveden	adjective	hbs	izpeljan	adjective	slv
sproveden	adjective	hbs	izpeljan	adjective	slv
sproveden	adjective	hbs	izpeljan	adjective	slv
uhapšen	adjective	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
uhapšen	adjective	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
uhapšen	adjective	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
uhapšen	adjective	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
namijenjen	adjective	hbs	namemben	adjective	slv
namijenjen	adjective	hbs	namenjen	adjective	slv
namijenjen	adjective	hbs	namenjen	adjective	slv
namijenjen	adjective	hbs	namenjen	adjective	slv
namijenjen	adjective	hbs	namenjen	adjective	slv
ispunjen	adjective	hbs	izpolnjen	adjective	slv
ispunjen	adjective	hbs	izpolnjen	adjective	slv
ispunjen	adjective	hbs	izpolnjen	adjective	slv
ispunjen	adjective	hbs	izpolnjen	adjective	slv
podnesen	adjective	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
podnesen	adjective	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
podnesen	adjective	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
podnesen	adjective	hbs	predložen	adjective	slv
predstavljen	adjective	hbs	predstavljen	adjective	slv
predstavljen	adjective	hbs	predstavljen	adjective	slv
predstavljen	adjective	hbs	predstavljen	adjective	slv
predstavljen	adjective	hbs	predstavljen	adjective	slv
mjeren	adjective	hbs	merjen	adjective	slv
mjeren	adjective	hbs	merjen	adjective	slv
mjeren	adjective	hbs	merjen	adjective	slv
mjeren	adjective	hbs	merjen	adjective	slv
odijeljen	adjective	hbs	ločen	adjective	slv
odijeljen	adjective	hbs	ločen	adjective	slv
odijeljen	adjective	hbs	ločen	adjective	slv
odijeljen	adjective	hbs	ločen	adjective	slv
voden	adjective	hbs	voden	adjective	slv
voden	adjective	hbs	voden	adjective	slv
voden	adjective	hbs	voden	adjective	slv
voden	adjective	hbs	voden	adjective	slv
žalostan	adjective	hbs	žalosten	adjective	slv
žalostan	adjective	hbs	žalosten	adjective	slv
žalostan	adjective	hbs	žalosten	adjective	slv
žalostan	adjective	hbs	žalosten	adjective	slv
neusmjeren	adjective	hbs	neusmerjen	adjective	slv
neusmjeren	adjective	hbs	neusmerjen	adjective	slv
neusmjeren	adjective	hbs	neusmerjen	adjective	slv
neusmjeren	adjective	hbs	neusmerjen	adjective	slv
prirođen	adjective	hbs	prirojen	adjective	slv
prirođen	adjective	hbs	prirojen	adjective	slv
prirođen	adjective	hbs	prirojen	adjective	slv
prirođen	adjective	hbs	prirojen	adjective	slv
nadgledan	adjective	hbs	nadzorovan	adjective	slv
nadgledan	adjective	hbs	nadzorovan	adjective	slv
nadgledan	adjective	hbs	nadzorovan	adjective	slv
nadgledan	adjective	hbs	nadzorovan	adjective	slv
vanredan	adjective	hbs	izreden	adjective	slv
vanredan	adjective	hbs	izreden	adjective	slv
vanredan	adjective	hbs	izreden	adjective	slv
vanredan	adjective	hbs	izreden	adjective	slv
elitan	adjective	hbs	eliten	adjective	slv
elitan	adjective	hbs	eliten	adjective	slv
elitan	adjective	hbs	eliten	adjective	slv
elitan	adjective	hbs	eliten	adjective	slv
hitan	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
hitan	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
hitan	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
hitan	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
korpulentan	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
korpulentan	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
korpulentan	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
korpulentan	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
maloljetan	adjective	hbs	mladoleten	adjective	slv
maloljetan	adjective	hbs	mladoleten	adjective	slv
maloljetan	adjective	hbs	mladoleten	adjective	slv
maloljetan	adjective	hbs	mladoleten	adjective	slv
pomodan	adjective	hbs	moden	adjective	slv
pomodan	adjective	hbs	moden	adjective	slv
pomodan	adjective	hbs	moden	adjective	slv
pomodan	adjective	hbs	moden	adjective	slv
nekorektan	adjective	hbs	nekorekten	adjective	slv
nekorektan	adjective	hbs	nekorekten	adjective	slv
nekorektan	adjective	hbs	nekorekten	adjective	slv
nekorektan	adjective	hbs	nekorekten	adjective	slv
vjerovatan	adjective	hbs	verjeten	adjective	slv
vjerovatan	adjective	hbs	verjeten	adjective	slv
vjerovatan	adjective	hbs	verjeten	adjective	slv
vjerovatan	adjective	hbs	verjeten	adjective	slv
znatan	adjective	hbs	znaten	adjective	slv
znatan	adjective	hbs	znaten	adjective	slv
znatan	adjective	hbs	znaten	adjective	slv
znatan	adjective	hbs	znaten	adjective	slv
bezbjedan	adjective	hbs	varen	adjective	slv
bezbjedan	adjective	hbs	varen	adjective	slv
bezbjedan	adjective	hbs	varen	adjective	slv
bezbjedan	adjective	hbs	varen	adjective	slv
doživotan	adjective	hbs	doživljenski	adjective	slv
doživotan	adjective	hbs	doživljenski	adjective	slv
doživotan	adjective	hbs	doživljenski	adjective	slv
doživotan	adjective	hbs	doživljenski	adjective	slv
kamatan	adjective	hbs	obresten	adjective	slv
kamatno	adverb	hbs	obrestno	adverb	slv
smrtan	adjective	hbs	smrten	adjective	slv
smrtan	adjective	hbs	smrten	adjective	slv
smrtan	adjective	hbs	smrten	adjective	slv
smrtan	adjective	hbs	smrten	adjective	slv
sastavan	adjective	hbs	sestaven	adjective	slv
sastavno	adverb	hbs	sestavno	adverb	slv
solidaran	adjective	hbs	solidarnosten	adjective	slv
solidaran	adjective	hbs	solidarnosten	adjective	slv
solidaran	adjective	hbs	solidarnosten	adjective	slv
solidaran	adjective	hbs	solidarnosten	adjective	slv
kvantitativan	adjective	hbs	količinski	adjective	slv
kvantitativno	adverb	hbs	količinsko	adverb	slv
inovativno	adverb	hbs	inovativno	adverb	slv
inovativan	adjective	hbs	inovativen	adjective	slv
inovativan	adjective	hbs	inovativen	adjective	slv
inovativan	adjective	hbs	inovativen	adjective	slv
inovativan	adjective	hbs	inovativen	adjective	slv
komercijalno	adverb	hbs	komercijalno	adverb	slv
komercijalan	adjective	hbs	komercijalen	adjective	slv
komercijalan	adjective	hbs	komercijalen	adjective	slv
komercijalan	adjective	hbs	komercijalen	adjective	slv
komercijalan	adjective	hbs	komercijalen	adjective	slv
restriktivno	adverb	hbs	omejevalno	adverb	slv
restriktivan	adjective	hbs	omejevalen	adjective	slv
restriktivan	adjective	hbs	omejevalen	adjective	slv
restriktivan	adjective	hbs	omejevalen	adjective	slv
restriktivan	adjective	hbs	omejevalen	adjective	slv
indirektan	adjective	hbs	posreden	adjective	slv
indirektan	adjective	hbs	posreden	adjective	slv
indirektan	adjective	hbs	posreden	adjective	slv
indirektan	adjective	hbs	posreden	adjective	slv
mudar	adjective	hbs	moder	adjective	slv
mudar	adjective	hbs	moder	adjective	slv
mudar	adjective	hbs	moder	adjective	slv
mudar	adjective	hbs	moder	adjective	slv
brončan	adjective	hbs	bronast	adjective	slv
brončan	adjective	hbs	bronast	adjective	slv
brončan	adjective	hbs	bronast	adjective	slv
brončan	adjective	hbs	bronast	adjective	slv
kontinentalan	adjective	hbs	celinski	adjective	slv
kontinentalan	adjective	hbs	kontinentalen	adjective	slv
kontinentalan	adjective	hbs	kontinentalen	adjective	slv
kontinentalan	adjective	hbs	kontinentalen	adjective	slv
kontinentalan	adjective	hbs	kontinentalen	adjective	slv
očit	adjective	hbs	razviden	adjective	slv
različit	adjective	hbs	različen	adjective	slv
različit	adjective	hbs	različen	adjective	slv
različit	adjective	hbs	različen	adjective	slv
različit	adjective	hbs	različen	adjective	slv
vjekovan	adjective	hbs	stoleten	adjective	slv
vjekovan	adjective	hbs	stoleten	adjective	slv
vjekovan	adjective	hbs	stoleten	adjective	slv
vjekovan	adjective	hbs	stoleten	adjective	slv
vazdušan	adjective	hbs	zračen	adjective	slv
vazdušan	adjective	hbs	zračen	adjective	slv
vazdušan	adjective	hbs	zračen	adjective	slv
vazdušan	adjective	hbs	zračen	adjective	slv
mogućan	adjective	hbs	mogočen	adjective	slv
mogućan	adjective	hbs	mogočen	adjective	slv
mogućan	adjective	hbs	mogočen	adjective	slv
mogućan	adjective	hbs	mogočen	adjective	slv
oficijalan	adjective	hbs	uraden	adjective	slv
oficijalan	adjective	hbs	uraden	adjective	slv
oficijalan	adjective	hbs	uraden	adjective	slv
oficijalan	adjective	hbs	uraden	adjective	slv
prenosan	adjective	hbs	prenosen	adjective	slv
prenosan	adjective	hbs	prenosen	adjective	slv
prenosan	adjective	hbs	prenosen	adjective	slv
prenosan	adjective	hbs	prenosen	adjective	slv
nominiran	adjective	hbs	imenovan	adjective	slv
nominiran	adjective	hbs	imenovan	adjective	slv
nominiran	adjective	hbs	imenovan	adjective	slv
nominiran	adjective	hbs	imenovan	adjective	slv
zagrižen	adjective	hbs	zagrizen	adjective	slv
zagrižen	adjective	hbs	zagrizen	adjective	slv
zagrižen	adjective	hbs	zagrizen	adjective	slv
zagrižen	adjective	hbs	zagrizen	adjective	slv
prosvjećen	adjective	hbs	prosveten	adjective	slv
prosvjećen	adjective	hbs	prosveten	adjective	slv
prosvjećen	adjective	hbs	prosveten	adjective	slv
prosvjećen	adjective	hbs	prosveten	adjective	slv
prosvjetan	adjective	hbs	prosveten	adjective	slv
prosvjetan	adjective	hbs	prosveten	adjective	slv
prosvjetan	adjective	hbs	prosveten	adjective	slv
prosvjetan	adjective	hbs	prosveten	adjective	slv
cjelovit	adjective	hbs	celovit	adjective	slv
cjelovit	adjective	hbs	celovit	adjective	slv
cjelovit	adjective	hbs	celovit	adjective	slv
cjelovit	adjective	hbs	celovit	adjective	slv
čist	adjective	hbs	čist	adjective	slv
čist	adjective	hbs	čist	adjective	slv
čist	adjective	hbs	čist	adjective	slv
čist	adjective	hbs	čist	adjective	slv
krut	adjective	hbs	krut	adjective	slv
krut	adjective	hbs	krut	adjective	slv
krut	adjective	hbs	krut	adjective	slv
krut	adjective	hbs	krut	adjective	slv
nečist	adjective	hbs	nečist	adjective	slv
nečist	adjective	hbs	nečist	adjective	slv
otkriven	adjective	hbs	odkrit	adjective	slv
otkriven	adjective	hbs	odkrit	adjective	slv
otkriven	adjective	hbs	odkrit	adjective	slv
otkriven	adjective	hbs	odkrit	adjective	slv
plemenit	adjective	hbs	plemenit	adjective	slv
plemenit	adjective	hbs	plemenit	adjective	slv
plemenit	adjective	hbs	plemenit	adjective	slv
plemenit	adjective	hbs	plemenit	adjective	slv
jednostavan	adjective	hbs	preprost	adjective	slv
jednostavan	adjective	hbs	preprost	adjective	slv
jednostavan	adjective	hbs	preprost	adjective	slv
jednostavan	adjective	hbs	preprost	adjective	slv
miran	adjective	hbs	miren	adjective	slv
miran	adjective	hbs	miren	adjective	slv
miran	adjective	hbs	miren	adjective	slv
miran	adjective	hbs	miren	adjective	slv
pogrešan	adjective	hbs	napačen	adjective	slv
pogrešan	adjective	hbs	napačen	adjective	slv
pogrešan	adjective	hbs	napačen	adjective	slv
pogrešan	adjective	hbs	napačen	adjective	slv
prirodan	adjective	hbs	naraven	adjective	slv
prirodan	adjective	hbs	naraven	adjective	slv
prirodan	adjective	hbs	naraven	adjective	slv
prirodan	adjective	hbs	naraven	adjective	slv
normalan	adjective	hbs	normalen	adjective	slv
normalan	adjective	hbs	normalen	adjective	slv
normalan	adjective	hbs	normalen	adjective	slv
normalan	adjective	hbs	normalen	adjective	slv
normalan	adjective	hbs	običajen	adjective	slv
normalan	adjective	hbs	običajen	adjective	slv
normalan	adjective	hbs	običajen	adjective	slv
normalan	adjective	hbs	običajen	adjective	slv
odgovoran	adjective	hbs	odgovoren	adjective	slv
odgovoran	adjective	hbs	odgovoren	adjective	slv
odgovoran	adjective	hbs	odgovoren	adjective	slv
odgovoran	adjective	hbs	odgovoren	adjective	slv
radikalan	adjective	hbs	radikalen	adjective	slv
radikalan	adjective	hbs	radikalen	adjective	slv
radikalan	adjective	hbs	radikalen	adjective	slv
radikalan	adjective	hbs	radikalen	adjective	slv
realan	adjective	hbs	realen	adjective	slv
realan	adjective	hbs	realen	adjective	slv
realan	adjective	hbs	realen	adjective	slv
realan	adjective	hbs	realen	adjective	slv
nezavisan	adjective	hbs	samostojen	adjective	slv
nezavisan	adjective	hbs	samostojen	adjective	slv
nezavisan	adjective	hbs	samostojen	adjective	slv
nezavisan	adjective	hbs	samostojen	adjective	slv
kontroverzan	adjective	hbs	sporen	adjective	slv
kontroverzan	adjective	hbs	sporen	adjective	slv
kontroverzan	adjective	hbs	sporen	adjective	slv
kontroverzan	adjective	hbs	sporen	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strašen	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strašen	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strašen	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strašen	adjective	slv
fatalan	adjective	hbs	usoden	adjective	slv
fatalan	adjective	hbs	usoden	adjective	slv
fatalan	adjective	hbs	usoden	adjective	slv
fatalan	adjective	hbs	usoden	adjective	slv
krut	adjective	hbs	tog	adjective	slv
krut	adjective	hbs	tog	adjective	slv
krut	adjective	hbs	tog	adjective	slv
krut	adjective	hbs	tog	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	ljubek	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	ljubek	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	ljubek	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	ljubek	adjective	slv
gladak	adjective	hbs	gladek	adjective	slv
gladak	adjective	hbs	gladek	adjective	slv
gladak	adjective	hbs	gladek	adjective	slv
gladak	adjective	hbs	gladek	adjective	slv
slab	adjective	hbs	šibek	adjective	slv
slab	adjective	hbs	šibek	adjective	slv
slab	adjective	hbs	šibek	adjective	slv
slab	adjective	hbs	šibek	adjective	slv
tup	adjective	hbs	top	adjective	slv
tup	adjective	hbs	top	adjective	slv
tup	adjective	hbs	top	adjective	slv
tup	adjective	hbs	top	adjective	slv
zračan	adjective	hbs	aviaren	adjective	slv
zračan	adjective	hbs	zračen	adjective	slv
zračan	adjective	hbs	zračen	adjective	slv
zračan	adjective	hbs	zračen	adjective	slv
zračan	adjective	hbs	zračen	adjective	slv
uvjetan	adjective	hbs	pogojen	adjective	slv
uvjetan	adjective	hbs	pogojen	adjective	slv
uvjetan	adjective	hbs	pogojen	adjective	slv
uvjetan	adjective	hbs	pogojen	adjective	slv
točan	adjective	hbs	točen	adjective	slv
točan	adjective	hbs	točen	adjective	slv
točan	adjective	hbs	točen	adjective	slv
točan	adjective	hbs	točen	adjective	slv
zadovoljan	adjective	hbs	zadovoljen	adjective	slv
zadovoljan	adjective	hbs	zadovoljen	adjective	slv
zadovoljan	adjective	hbs	zadovoljen	adjective	slv
zadovoljan	adjective	hbs	zadovoljen	adjective	slv
stavljen	adjective	hbs	položen	adjective	slv
stavljen	adjective	hbs	položen	adjective	slv
stavljen	adjective	hbs	položen	adjective	slv
stavljen	adjective	hbs	položen	adjective	slv
obnovljiv	adjective	hbs	obnovljiv	adjective	slv
sumnjiv	adjective	hbs	dvomljiv	adjective	slv
sumnjiv	adjective	hbs	dvomljiv	adjective	slv
sumnjiv	adjective	hbs	dvomljiv	adjective	slv
sumnjiv	adjective	hbs	dvomljiv	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	lažniv	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	lažniv	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	lažniv	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	lažniv	adjective	slv
zarazan	adjective	hbs	nalezljiv	adjective	slv
zarazan	adjective	hbs	nalezljiv	adjective	slv
zarazan	adjective	hbs	nalezljiv	adjective	slv
zarazan	adjective	hbs	nalezljiv	adjective	slv
neumoran	adjective	hbs	neutrudljiv	adjective	slv
neumoran	adjective	hbs	neutrudljiv	adjective	slv
neumoran	adjective	hbs	neutrudljiv	adjective	slv
neumoran	adjective	hbs	neutrudljiv	adjective	slv
zamoran	adjective	hbs	utrudljiv	adjective	slv
zamoran	adjective	hbs	utrudljiv	adjective	slv
zamoran	adjective	hbs	utrudljiv	adjective	slv
zamoran	adjective	hbs	utrudljiv	adjective	slv
oštar	adjective	hbs	predirljiv	adjective	slv
oštar	adjective	hbs	predirljiv	adjective	slv
oštar	adjective	hbs	predirljiv	adjective	slv
oštar	adjective	hbs	predirljiv	adjective	slv
riješen	adjective	hbs	rešljiv	adjective	slv
riješen	adjective	hbs	rešljiv	adjective	slv
riješen	adjective	hbs	rešljiv	adjective	slv
riješen	adjective	hbs	rešljiv	adjective	slv
siv	adjective	hbs	siv	adjective	slv
siv	adjective	hbs	siv	adjective	slv
siv	adjective	hbs	siv	adjective	slv
siv	adjective	hbs	siv	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strašljiv	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strašljiv	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strašljiv	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strašljiv	adjective	slv
vjerojatan	adjective	hbs	uresničljiv	adjective	slv
vjerojatan	adjective	hbs	uresničljiv	adjective	slv
vjerojatan	adjective	hbs	uresničljiv	adjective	slv
vjerojatan	adjective	hbs	uresničljiv	adjective	slv
tvrd	adjective	hbs	žilav	adjective	slv
tvrd	adjective	hbs	žilav	adjective	slv
tvrd	adjective	hbs	žilav	adjective	slv
tvrd	adjective	hbs	žilav	adjective	slv
prihvatljiv	adjective	hbs	sprejemljiv	adjective	slv
prihvatljiv	adjective	hbs	sprejemljiv	adjective	slv
prihvatljiv	adjective	hbs	sprejemljiv	adjective	slv
prihvatljiv	adjective	hbs	sprejemljiv	adjective	slv
tvrd	adjective	hbs	vzdržljiv	adjective	slv
tvrd	adjective	hbs	vzdržljiv	adjective	slv
tvrd	adjective	hbs	vzdržljiv	adjective	slv
tvrd	adjective	hbs	vzdržljiv	adjective	slv
brz	adjective	hbs	bliskovit	adjective	slv
brz	adjective	hbs	bliskovit	adjective	slv
brz	adjective	hbs	bliskovit	adjective	slv
brz	adjective	hbs	bliskovit	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	butast	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	butast	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	butast	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	butast	adjective	slv
čest	adjective	hbs	čest	adjective	slv
čest	adjective	hbs	čest	adjective	slv
čest	adjective	hbs	čest	adjective	slv
čest	adjective	hbs	čest	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	izvzet	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	izvzet	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	izvzet	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	izvzet	adjective	slv
tijesan	adjective	hbs	krčevit	adjective	slv
tijesan	adjective	hbs	krčevit	adjective	slv
tijesan	adjective	hbs	krčevit	adjective	slv
tijesan	adjective	hbs	krčevit	adjective	slv
prljav	adjective	hbs	neumit	adjective	slv
prljav	adjective	hbs	neumit	adjective	slv
prljav	adjective	hbs	neumit	adjective	slv
prljav	adjective	hbs	neumit	adjective	slv
otvoren	adjective	hbs	odprt	adjective	slv
otvoren	adjective	hbs	odprt	adjective	slv
otvoren	adjective	hbs	odprt	adjective	slv
otvoren	adjective	hbs	odprt	adjective	slv
primljen	adjective	hbs	deležen	adjective	slv
primljen	adjective	hbs	prejet	adjective	slv
primljen	adjective	hbs	prejet	adjective	slv
primljen	adjective	hbs	prejet	adjective	slv
primljen	adjective	hbs	prejet	adjective	slv
uhićen	adjective	hbs	prijet	adjective	slv
uhićen	adjective	hbs	prijet	adjective	slv
uhićen	adjective	hbs	prijet	adjective	slv
uhićen	adjective	hbs	prijet	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	privzet	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	privzet	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	privzet	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	privzet	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	sprejet	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	sprejet	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	sprejet	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	sprejet	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	ubit	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	ubit	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	ubit	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	ubit	adjective	slv
uključen	adjective	hbs	vštet	adjective	slv
uključen	adjective	hbs	vštet	adjective	slv
uključen	adjective	hbs	vštet	adjective	slv
uključen	adjective	hbs	vštet	adjective	slv
uzet	adjective	hbs	vzet	adjective	slv
uzet	adjective	hbs	vzet	adjective	slv
uzet	adjective	hbs	vzet	adjective	slv
uzet	adjective	hbs	vzet	adjective	slv
zatvoren	adjective	hbs	zaprt	adjective	slv
zatvoren	adjective	hbs	zaprt	adjective	slv
zatvoren	adjective	hbs	zaprt	adjective	slv
zatvoren	adjective	hbs	zaprt	adjective	slv
truo	adjective	hbs	zgnit	adjective	slv
truo	adjective	hbs	zgnit	adjective	slv
truo	adjective	hbs	zgnit	adjective	slv
truo	adjective	hbs	zgnit	adjective	slv
zlatan	adjective	hbs	zlat	adjective	slv
zlatan	adjective	hbs	zlat	adjective	slv
zlatan	adjective	hbs	zlat	adjective	slv
zlatan	adjective	hbs	zlat	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	bedast	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	bedast	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	bedast	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	bedast	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	razvpit	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	razvpit	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	razvpit	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	razvpit	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	slovit	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	slovit	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	slovit	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	slovit	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	trapast	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	trapast	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	trapast	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	trapast	adjective	slv
čvrst	adjective	hbs	trmast	adjective	slv
čvrst	adjective	hbs	trmast	adjective	slv
čvrst	adjective	hbs	trmast	adjective	slv
čvrst	adjective	hbs	trmast	adjective	slv
mokar	adjective	hbs	moker	adjective	slv
mokar	adjective	hbs	moker	adjective	slv
mokar	adjective	hbs	moker	adjective	slv
mokar	adjective	hbs	moker	adjective	slv
originalan	adjective	hbs	originalen	adjective	slv
originalan	adjective	hbs	originalen	adjective	slv
originalan	adjective	hbs	originalen	adjective	slv
originalan	adjective	hbs	originalen	adjective	slv
pozitivan	adjective	hbs	pozitiven	adjective	slv
pozitivan	adjective	hbs	pozitiven	adjective	slv
pozitivan	adjective	hbs	pozitiven	adjective	slv
pozitivan	adjective	hbs	pozitiven	adjective	slv
precizan	adjective	hbs	precizen	adjective	slv
precizan	adjective	hbs	precizen	adjective	slv
precizan	adjective	hbs	precizen	adjective	slv
precizan	adjective	hbs	precizen	adjective	slv
odgovoran	adjective	hbs	pristojen	adjective	slv
odgovoran	adjective	hbs	pristojen	adjective	slv
odgovoran	adjective	hbs	pristojen	adjective	slv
odgovoran	adjective	hbs	pristojen	adjective	slv
solidan	adjective	hbs	soliden	adjective	slv
solidan	adjective	hbs	soliden	adjective	slv
solidan	adjective	hbs	soliden	adjective	slv
solidan	adjective	hbs	soliden	adjective	slv
miran	adjective	hbs	spokojen	adjective	slv
miran	adjective	hbs	spokojen	adjective	slv
miran	adjective	hbs	spokojen	adjective	slv
miran	adjective	hbs	spokojen	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strahoten	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strahoten	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strahoten	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strahoten	adjective	slv
solidan	adjective	hbs	trden	adjective	slv
solidan	adjective	hbs	trden	adjective	slv
solidan	adjective	hbs	trden	adjective	slv
solidan	adjective	hbs	trden	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	umen	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	umen	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	umen	adjective	slv
glup	adjective	hbs	umen	adjective	slv
siguran	adjective	hbs	varen	adjective	slv
siguran	adjective	hbs	varen	adjective	slv
siguran	adjective	hbs	varen	adjective	slv
siguran	adjective	hbs	varen	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	znaten	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	znaten	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	znaten	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	znaten	adjective	slv
povećan	adjective	hbs	narasel	adjective	slv
povećan	adjective	hbs	narasel	adjective	slv
povećan	adjective	hbs	narasel	adjective	slv
povećan	adjective	hbs	narasel	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	puhel	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	puhel	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	puhel	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	puhel	adjective	slv
hladan	adjective	hbs	zmrzel	adjective	slv
hladan	adjective	hbs	zmrzel	adjective	slv
hladan	adjective	hbs	zmrzel	adjective	slv
hladan	adjective	hbs	zmrzel	adjective	slv
izdan	adjective	hbs	zatožen	adjective	slv
izdan	adjective	hbs	zatožen	adjective	slv
izdan	adjective	hbs	zatožen	adjective	slv
izdan	adjective	hbs	zatožen	adjective	slv
stvaran	adjective	hbs	dejanski	adjective	slv
stvaran	adjective	hbs	dejanski	adjective	slv
stvaran	adjective	hbs	dejanski	adjective	slv
stvaran	adjective	hbs	dejanski	adjective	slv
jednostran	adjective	hbs	enostranski	adjective	slv
jednostran	adjective	hbs	enostranski	adjective	slv
jednostran	adjective	hbs	enostranski	adjective	slv
jednostran	adjective	hbs	enostranski	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	gromozanski	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	gromozanski	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	gromozanski	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	gromozanski	adjective	slv
trajan	adjective	hbs	trajen	adjective	slv
trajan	adjective	hbs	trajen	adjective	slv
trajan	adjective	hbs	trajen	adjective	slv
trajan	adjective	hbs	trajen	adjective	slv
povjerljiv	adjective	hbs	zaupen	adjective	slv
povjerljiv	adjective	hbs	zaupen	adjective	slv
povjerljiv	adjective	hbs	zaupen	adjective	slv
povjerljiv	adjective	hbs	zaupen	adjective	slv
tipičan	adjective	hbs	značilen	adjective	slv
tipičan	adjective	hbs	značilen	adjective	slv
tipičan	adjective	hbs	značilen	adjective	slv
tipičan	adjective	hbs	značilen	adjective	slv
plav	adjective	hbs	moder	adjective	slv
plav	adjective	hbs	moder	adjective	slv
plav	adjective	hbs	moder	adjective	slv
plav	adjective	hbs	moder	adjective	slv
tup	adjective	hbs	neoster	adjective	slv
tup	adjective	hbs	neoster	adjective	slv
tup	adjective	hbs	neoster	adjective	slv
tup	adjective	hbs	neoster	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	precejšnji	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	precejšnji	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	precejšnji	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	precejšnji	adjective	slv
neposredan	adjective	hbs	takojšnji	adjective	slv
neposredan	adjective	hbs	takojšnji	adjective	slv
neposredan	adjective	hbs	takojšnji	adjective	slv
neposredan	adjective	hbs	takojšnji	adjective	slv
sumnjiv	adjective	hbs	dvomeč	adjective	slv
sumnjiv	adjective	hbs	dvomeč	adjective	slv
sumnjiv	adjective	hbs	dvomeč	adjective	slv
sumnjiv	adjective	hbs	dvomeč	adjective	slv
tražen	adjective	hbs	iščoč	adjective	slv
tražen	adjective	hbs	iščoč	adjective	slv
tražen	adjective	hbs	iščoč	adjective	slv
tražen	adjective	hbs	iščoč	adjective	slv
primljen	adjective	hbs	oprijemajoč	adjective	slv
primljen	adjective	hbs	oprijemajoč	adjective	slv
primljen	adjective	hbs	oprijemajoč	adjective	slv
primljen	adjective	hbs	oprijemajoč	adjective	slv
obilan	adjective	hbs	prekipevajoč	adjective	slv
obilan	adjective	hbs	prekipevajoč	adjective	slv
obilan	adjective	hbs	prekipevajoč	adjective	slv
obilan	adjective	hbs	prekipevajoč	adjective	slv
opasan	adjective	hbs	preteč	adjective	slv
opasan	adjective	hbs	preteč	adjective	slv
opasan	adjective	hbs	preteč	adjective	slv
opasan	adjective	hbs	preteč	adjective	slv
crven	adjective	hbs	rdeč	adjective	slv
crven	adjective	hbs	rdeč	adjective	slv
crven	adjective	hbs	rdeč	adjective	slv
crven	adjective	hbs	rdeč	adjective	slv
referentno	adverb	hbs	referenčno	adverb	slv
referentan	adjective	hbs	referenčen	adjective	slv
referentan	adjective	hbs	referenčen	adjective	slv
referentan	adjective	hbs	referenčen	adjective	slv
referentan	adjective	hbs	referenčen	adjective	slv
svježe	adverb	hbs	svežo	adverb	slv
svjež	adjective	hbs	svež	adjective	slv
svjež	adjective	hbs	svež	adjective	slv
svjež	adjective	hbs	svež	adjective	slv
svjež	adjective	hbs	svež	adjective	slv
utemeljeno	adverb	hbs	utemeljeno	adverb	slv
utemeljen	adjective	hbs	utemeljen	adjective	slv
utemeljen	adjective	hbs	utemeljen	adjective	slv
utemeljen	adjective	hbs	utemeljen	adjective	slv
utemeljen	adjective	hbs	utemeljen	adjective	slv
društven	adjective	hbs	družben	adjective	slv
društven	adjective	hbs	družben	adjective	slv
društven	adjective	hbs	družben	adjective	slv
društven	adjective	hbs	družben	adjective	slv
suh	adjective	hbs	sušeč	adjective	slv
suh	adjective	hbs	sušeč	adjective	slv
suh	adjective	hbs	sušeč	adjective	slv
suh	adjective	hbs	sušeč	adjective	slv
svjestan	adjective	hbs	zavedajoč	adjective	slv
svjestan	adjective	hbs	zavedajoč	adjective	slv
svjestan	adjective	hbs	zavedajoč	adjective	slv
svjestan	adjective	hbs	zavedajoč	adjective	slv
apsolutan	adjective	hbs	absoluten	adjective	slv
apsolutan	adjective	hbs	absoluten	adjective	slv
apsolutan	adjective	hbs	absoluten	adjective	slv
apsolutan	adjective	hbs	absoluten	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	adoptiven	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	adoptiven	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	adoptiven	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	adoptiven	adjective	slv
anoniman	adjective	hbs	anonimen	adjective	slv
anoniman	adjective	hbs	anonimen	adjective	slv
anoniman	adjective	hbs	anonimen	adjective	slv
anoniman	adjective	hbs	anonimen	adjective	slv
autentičan	adjective	hbs	avtentičen	adjective	slv
autentičan	adjective	hbs	avtentičen	adjective	slv
autentičan	adjective	hbs	avtentičen	adjective	slv
autentičan	adjective	hbs	avtentičen	adjective	slv
slab	adjective	hbs	bolehen	adjective	slv
slab	adjective	hbs	bolehen	adjective	slv
slab	adjective	hbs	bolehen	adjective	slv
slab	adjective	hbs	bolehen	adjective	slv
brutalan	adjective	hbs	brutalen	adjective	slv
brutalan	adjective	hbs	brutalen	adjective	slv
brutalan	adjective	hbs	brutalen	adjective	slv
brutalan	adjective	hbs	brutalen	adjective	slv
cijel	adjective	hbs	celoten	adjective	slv
cijel	adjective	hbs	celoten	adjective	slv
cijel	adjective	hbs	celoten	adjective	slv
cijel	adjective	hbs	celoten	adjective	slv
čist	adjective	hbs	čistilen	adjective	slv
čist	adjective	hbs	čistilen	adjective	slv
čist	adjective	hbs	čistilen	adjective	slv
čist	adjective	hbs	čistilen	adjective	slv
definitivan	adjective	hbs	definitiven	adjective	slv
definitivan	adjective	hbs	definitiven	adjective	slv
definitivan	adjective	hbs	definitiven	adjective	slv
definitivan	adjective	hbs	definitiven	adjective	slv
direktan	adjective	hbs	direkten	adjective	slv
direktan	adjective	hbs	direkten	adjective	slv
direktan	adjective	hbs	direkten	adjective	slv
direktan	adjective	hbs	direkten	adjective	slv
raspoložen	adjective	hbs	dobrodušen	adjective	slv
raspoložen	adjective	hbs	dobrodušen	adjective	slv
raspoložen	adjective	hbs	dobrodušen	adjective	slv
raspoložen	adjective	hbs	dobrodušen	adjective	slv
uravnoteženo	adverb	hbs	uravnoteženo	adverb	slv
uravnotežen	adjective	hbs	uravnotežen	adjective	slv
uravnotežen	adjective	hbs	uravnotežen	adjective	slv
uravnotežen	adjective	hbs	uravnotežen	adjective	slv
uravnotežen	adjective	hbs	uravnotežen	adjective	slv
konačan	adjective	hbs	dokončen	adjective	slv
konačan	adjective	hbs	dokončen	adjective	slv
konačan	adjective	hbs	dokončen	adjective	slv
konačan	adjective	hbs	dokončen	adjective	slv
eksperimentalan	adjective	hbs	eksperimentalen	adjective	slv
eksperimentalan	adjective	hbs	eksperimentalen	adjective	slv
eksperimentalan	adjective	hbs	eksperimentalen	adjective	slv
eksperimentalan	adjective	hbs	eksperimentalen	adjective	slv
jednoglasan	adjective	hbs	enodušen	adjective	slv
jednoglasan	adjective	hbs	enodušen	adjective	slv
jednoglasan	adjective	hbs	enodušen	adjective	slv
jednoglasan	adjective	hbs	enodušen	adjective	slv
fantastičan	adjective	hbs	fantastičen	adjective	slv
fantastičan	adjective	hbs	fantastičen	adjective	slv
fantastičan	adjective	hbs	fantastičen	adjective	slv
fantastičan	adjective	hbs	fantastičen	adjective	slv
formalan	adjective	hbs	formalen	adjective	slv
formalan	adjective	hbs	formalen	adjective	slv
formalan	adjective	hbs	formalen	adjective	slv
formalan	adjective	hbs	formalen	adjective	slv
funkcionalan	adjective	hbs	funkcionalen	adjective	slv
funkcionalan	adjective	hbs	funkcionalen	adjective	slv
funkcionalan	adjective	hbs	funkcionalen	adjective	slv
funkcionalan	adjective	hbs	funkcionalen	adjective	slv
generalan	adjective	hbs	generalen	adjective	slv
generalan	adjective	hbs	generalen	adjective	slv
generalan	adjective	hbs	generalen	adjective	slv
generalan	adjective	hbs	generalen	adjective	slv
globalan	adjective	hbs	globalen	adjective	slv
globalan	adjective	hbs	globalen	adjective	slv
globalan	adjective	hbs	globalen	adjective	slv
globalan	adjective	hbs	globalen	adjective	slv
kontrolan	adjective	hbs	kontrolen	adjective	slv
prevozan	adjective	hbs	prevozen	adjective	slv
prevozno	adverb	hbs	prevozno	adverb	slv
pokretan	adjective	hbs	gonilen	adjective	slv
pokretan	adjective	hbs	gonilen	adjective	slv
pokretan	adjective	hbs	gonilen	adjective	slv
pokretan	adjective	hbs	gonilen	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	grozoten	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	grozoten	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	grozoten	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	grozoten	adjective	slv
trenutan	adjective	hbs	hipen	adjective	slv
trenutan	adjective	hbs	hipen	adjective	slv
trenutan	adjective	hbs	hipen	adjective	slv
trenutan	adjective	hbs	hipen	adjective	slv
humanitaran	adjective	hbs	humanitaren	adjective	slv
humanitaran	adjective	hbs	humanitaren	adjective	slv
humanitaran	adjective	hbs	humanitaren	adjective	slv
humanitaran	adjective	hbs	humanitaren	adjective	slv
izuzetan	adjective	hbs	izjemen	adjective	slv
izuzetan	adjective	hbs	izjemen	adjective	slv
izuzetan	adjective	hbs	izjemen	adjective	slv
izuzetan	adjective	hbs	izjemen	adjective	slv
ljut	adjective	hbs	jezen	adjective	slv
ljut	adjective	hbs	jezen	adjective	slv
ljut	adjective	hbs	jezen	adjective	slv
ljut	adjective	hbs	jezen	adjective	slv
katastrofalan	adjective	hbs	katastrofalen	adjective	slv
katastrofalan	adjective	hbs	katastrofalen	adjective	slv
katastrofalan	adjective	hbs	katastrofalen	adjective	slv
katastrofalan	adjective	hbs	katastrofalen	adjective	slv
ključan	adjective	hbs	ključen	adjective	slv
ključan	adjective	hbs	ključen	adjective	slv
ključan	adjective	hbs	ključen	adjective	slv
ključan	adjective	hbs	ključen	adjective	slv
kolektivan	adjective	hbs	kolektiven	adjective	slv
kolektivan	adjective	hbs	kolektiven	adjective	slv
kolektivan	adjective	hbs	kolektiven	adjective	slv
kolektivan	adjective	hbs	kolektiven	adjective	slv
konstruktivan	adjective	hbs	konstruktiven	adjective	slv
konstruktivan	adjective	hbs	konstruktiven	adjective	slv
konstruktivan	adjective	hbs	konstruktiven	adjective	slv
konstruktivan	adjective	hbs	konstruktiven	adjective	slv
kroničan	adjective	hbs	kroničen	adjective	slv
kroničan	adjective	hbs	kroničen	adjective	slv
kroničan	adjective	hbs	kroničen	adjective	slv
kroničan	adjective	hbs	kroničen	adjective	slv
kulturan	adjective	hbs	kulturen	adjective	slv
kulturan	adjective	hbs	kulturen	adjective	slv
kulturan	adjective	hbs	kulturen	adjective	slv
kulturan	adjective	hbs	kulturen	adjective	slv
gladan	adjective	hbs	lačen	adjective	slv
gladan	adjective	hbs	lačen	adjective	slv
gladan	adjective	hbs	lačen	adjective	slv
gladan	adjective	hbs	lačen	adjective	slv
vlastit	adjective	hbs	lasten	adjective	slv
vlastit	adjective	hbs	lasten	adjective	slv
vlastit	adjective	hbs	lasten	adjective	slv
vlastit	adjective	hbs	lasten	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	lažen	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	lažen	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	lažen	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	lažen	adjective	slv
legendaran	adjective	hbs	legendaren	adjective	slv
legendaran	adjective	hbs	legendaren	adjective	slv
legendaran	adjective	hbs	legendaren	adjective	slv
legendaran	adjective	hbs	legendaren	adjective	slv
lokalan	adjective	hbs	lokalen	adjective	slv
lokalan	adjective	hbs	lokalen	adjective	slv
lokalan	adjective	hbs	lokalen	adjective	slv
lokalan	adjective	hbs	lokalen	adjective	slv
masovan	adjective	hbs	masoven	adjective	slv
masovan	adjective	hbs	masoven	adjective	slv
masovan	adjective	hbs	masoven	adjective	slv
masovan	adjective	hbs	masoven	adjective	slv
materijalan	adjective	hbs	materialen	adjective	slv
materijalan	adjective	hbs	materialen	adjective	slv
materijalan	adjective	hbs	materialen	adjective	slv
materijalan	adjective	hbs	materialen	adjective	slv
graničan	adjective	hbs	mejen	adjective	slv
graničan	adjective	hbs	mejen	adjective	slv
graničan	adjective	hbs	mejen	adjective	slv
graničan	adjective	hbs	mejen	adjective	slv
minimalan	adjective	hbs	minimalen	adjective	slv
minimalan	adjective	hbs	minimalen	adjective	slv
minimalan	adjective	hbs	minimalen	adjective	slv
minimalan	adjective	hbs	minimalen	adjective	slv
mliječan	adjective	hbs	mlečen	adjective	slv
mliječan	adjective	hbs	mlečen	adjective	slv
mliječan	adjective	hbs	mlečen	adjective	slv
mliječan	adjective	hbs	mlečen	adjective	slv
mobilan	adjective	hbs	mobilen	adjective	slv
mobilan	adjective	hbs	mobilen	adjective	slv
mobilan	adjective	hbs	mobilen	adjective	slv
mobilan	adjective	hbs	mobilen	adjective	slv
moderan	adjective	hbs	moden	adjective	slv
moderan	adjective	hbs	moden	adjective	slv
moderan	adjective	hbs	moden	adjective	slv
moderan	adjective	hbs	moden	adjective	slv
namjeran	adjective	hbs	nameren	adjective	slv
namjeran	adjective	hbs	nameren	adjective	slv
namjeran	adjective	hbs	nameren	adjective	slv
namjeran	adjective	hbs	nameren	adjective	slv
nedavan	adjective	hbs	nedaven	adjective	slv
nedavan	adjective	hbs	nedaven	adjective	slv
nedavan	adjective	hbs	nedaven	adjective	slv
nedavan	adjective	hbs	nedaven	adjective	slv
neformalan	adjective	hbs	neformalen	adjective	slv
neformalan	adjective	hbs	neformalen	adjective	slv
neformalan	adjective	hbs	neformalen	adjective	slv
neformalan	adjective	hbs	neformalen	adjective	slv
negativan	adjective	hbs	negativen	adjective	slv
negativan	adjective	hbs	negativen	adjective	slv
negativan	adjective	hbs	negativen	adjective	slv
negativan	adjective	hbs	negativen	adjective	slv
nepokretan	adjective	hbs	negiben	adjective	slv
nepokretan	adjective	hbs	negiben	adjective	slv
nepokretan	adjective	hbs	negiben	adjective	slv
nepokretan	adjective	hbs	negiben	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	neizmeren	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	neizmeren	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	neizmeren	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	neizmeren	adjective	slv
nezavisan	adjective	hbs	neodvisen	adjective	slv
nezavisan	adjective	hbs	neodvisen	adjective	slv
nezavisan	adjective	hbs	neodvisen	adjective	slv
nezavisan	adjective	hbs	neodvisen	adjective	slv
neizbježan	adjective	hbs	neogiben	adjective	slv
neizbježan	adjective	hbs	neogiben	adjective	slv
neizbježan	adjective	hbs	neogiben	adjective	slv
neizbježan	adjective	hbs	neogiben	adjective	slv
tijesan	adjective	hbs	nepredušen	adjective	slv
tijesan	adjective	hbs	nepredušen	adjective	slv
tijesan	adjective	hbs	nepredušen	adjective	slv
tijesan	adjective	hbs	nepredušen	adjective	slv
nervozan	adjective	hbs	nervozen	adjective	slv
nervozan	adjective	hbs	nervozen	adjective	slv
nervozan	adjective	hbs	nervozen	adjective	slv
nervozan	adjective	hbs	nervozen	adjective	slv
nečist	adjective	hbs	nesnažen	adjective	slv
nečist	adjective	hbs	nesnažen	adjective	slv
neumoran	adjective	hbs	neumoren	adjective	slv
neumoran	adjective	hbs	neumoren	adjective	slv
neumoran	adjective	hbs	neumoren	adjective	slv
neumoran	adjective	hbs	neumoren	adjective	slv
neumoran	adjective	hbs	neutruden	adjective	slv
neumoran	adjective	hbs	neutruden	adjective	slv
neumoran	adjective	hbs	neutruden	adjective	slv
neumoran	adjective	hbs	neutruden	adjective	slv
nedovoljan	adjective	hbs	nezadosten	adjective	slv
nedovoljan	adjective	hbs	nezadosten	adjective	slv
nedovoljan	adjective	hbs	nezadosten	adjective	slv
nedovoljan	adjective	hbs	nezadosten	adjective	slv
nizak	adjective	hbs	nizkoten	adjective	slv
nizak	adjective	hbs	nizkoten	adjective	slv
nizak	adjective	hbs	nizkoten	adjective	slv
nizak	adjective	hbs	nizkoten	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	ogromen	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	ogromen	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	ogromen	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	ogromen	adjective	slv
operativan	adjective	hbs	operativen	adjective	slv
operativan	adjective	hbs	operativen	adjective	slv
operativan	adjective	hbs	operativen	adjective	slv
operativan	adjective	hbs	operativen	adjective	slv
ovalan	adjective	hbs	ovalen	adjective	slv
ovalan	adjective	hbs	ovalen	adjective	slv
ovalan	adjective	hbs	ovalen	adjective	slv
ovalan	adjective	hbs	ovalen	adjective	slv
paralelan	adjective	hbs	paralelen	adjective	slv
paralelan	adjective	hbs	paralelen	adjective	slv
paralelan	adjective	hbs	paralelen	adjective	slv
paralelan	adjective	hbs	paralelen	adjective	slv
parlamentaran	adjective	hbs	parlamentaren	adjective	slv
parlamentaran	adjective	hbs	parlamentaren	adjective	slv
parlamentaran	adjective	hbs	parlamentaren	adjective	slv
parlamentaran	adjective	hbs	parlamentaren	adjective	slv
pasivan	adjective	hbs	pasiven	adjective	slv
pasivan	adjective	hbs	pasiven	adjective	slv
pasivan	adjective	hbs	pasiven	adjective	slv
pasivan	adjective	hbs	pasiven	adjective	slv
osoban	adjective	hbs	personalen	adjective	slv
osoban	adjective	hbs	personalen	adjective	slv
osoban	adjective	hbs	personalen	adjective	slv
osoban	adjective	hbs	personalen	adjective	slv
plastičan	adjective	hbs	plastičen	adjective	slv
plastičan	adjective	hbs	plastičen	adjective	slv
plastičan	adjective	hbs	plastičen	adjective	slv
plastičan	adjective	hbs	plastičen	adjective	slv
sličan	adjective	hbs	podoben	adjective	slv
sličan	adjective	hbs	podoben	adjective	slv
sličan	adjective	hbs	podoben	adjective	slv
sličan	adjective	hbs	podoben	adjective	slv
poslovan	adjective	hbs	posloven	adjective	slv
poslovan	adjective	hbs	posloven	adjective	slv
poslovan	adjective	hbs	posloven	adjective	slv
poslovan	adjective	hbs	posloven	adjective	slv
lijep	adjective	hbs	postaven	adjective	slv
lijep	adjective	hbs	postaven	adjective	slv
lijep	adjective	hbs	postaven	adjective	slv
lijep	adjective	hbs	postaven	adjective	slv
potencijalan	adjective	hbs	potencialen	adjective	slv
potencijalan	adjective	hbs	potencialen	adjective	slv
potencijalan	adjective	hbs	potencialen	adjective	slv
potencijalan	adjective	hbs	potencialen	adjective	slv
potencijalan	adjective	hbs	morebiten	adjective	slv
potencijalan	adjective	hbs	morebiten	adjective	slv
potencijalan	adjective	hbs	morebiten	adjective	slv
potencijalan	adjective	hbs	morebiten	adjective	slv
povećan	adjective	hbs	povečevalen	adjective	slv
povećan	adjective	hbs	povečevalen	adjective	slv
povećan	adjective	hbs	povečevalen	adjective	slv
povećan	adjective	hbs	povečevalen	adjective	slv
praktičan	adjective	hbs	praktičen	adjective	slv
praktičan	adjective	hbs	praktičen	adjective	slv
praktičan	adjective	hbs	praktičen	adjective	slv
praktičan	adjective	hbs	praktičen	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	prazen	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	prazen	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	prazen	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	prazen	adjective	slv
svečan	adjective	hbs	prazničen	adjective	slv
svečan	adjective	hbs	prazničen	adjective	slv
svečan	adjective	hbs	prazničen	adjective	slv
svečan	adjective	hbs	prazničen	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	precejšen	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	precejšen	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	precejšen	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	precejšen	adjective	slv
preliminaran	adjective	hbs	predhoden	adjective	slv
preliminaran	adjective	hbs	predhoden	adjective	slv
preliminaran	adjective	hbs	predhoden	adjective	slv
preliminaran	adjective	hbs	predhoden	adjective	slv
pogrešan	adjective	hbs	pregrešen	adjective	slv
pogrešan	adjective	hbs	pregrešen	adjective	slv
pogrešan	adjective	hbs	pregrešen	adjective	slv
pogrešan	adjective	hbs	pregrešen	adjective	slv
prisutan	adjective	hbs	prisoten	adjective	slv
prisutan	adjective	hbs	prisoten	adjective	slv
prisutan	adjective	hbs	prisoten	adjective	slv
prisutan	adjective	hbs	prisoten	adjective	slv
profesionalan	adjective	hbs	profesionalen	adjective	slv
profesionalan	adjective	hbs	profesionalen	adjective	slv
profesionalan	adjective	hbs	profesionalen	adjective	slv
profesionalan	adjective	hbs	profesionalen	adjective	slv
proporcionalan	adjective	hbs	proporcionalen	adjective	slv
proporcionalan	adjective	hbs	proporcionalen	adjective	slv
proporcionalan	adjective	hbs	proporcionalen	adjective	slv
proporcionalan	adjective	hbs	proporcionalen	adjective	slv
pogrešan	adjective	hbs	nepravi	adjective	slv
pogrešan	adjective	hbs	nepravi	adjective	slv
pogrešan	adjective	hbs	nepravi	adjective	slv
pogrešan	adjective	hbs	nepravi	adjective	slv
silan	adjective	hbs	neznanski	adjective	slv
silan	adjective	hbs	neznanski	adjective	slv
silan	adjective	hbs	neznanski	adjective	slv
silan	adjective	hbs	neznanski	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strašanski	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strašanski	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strašanski	adjective	slv
strašan	adjective	hbs	strašanski	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	velikanski	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	velikanski	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	velikanski	adjective	slv
ogroman	adjective	hbs	velikanski	adjective	slv
prirodan	adjective	hbs	zemeljski	adjective	slv
prirodan	adjective	hbs	zemeljski	adjective	slv
prirodan	adjective	hbs	zemeljski	adjective	slv
prirodan	adjective	hbs	zemeljski	adjective	slv
uhićen	adjective	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
uhićen	adjective	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
uhićen	adjective	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
uhićen	adjective	hbs	aretiran	adjective	slv
dodijeljen	adjective	hbs	dodeljen	adjective	slv
dodijeljen	adjective	hbs	dodeljen	adjective	slv
dodijeljen	adjective	hbs	dodeljen	adjective	slv
dodijeljen	adjective	hbs	dodeljen	adjective	slv
dozvoljen	adjective	hbs	dovoljen	adjective	slv
dozvoljen	adjective	hbs	dovoljen	adjective	slv
dozvoljen	adjective	hbs	dovoljen	adjective	slv
dozvoljen	adjective	hbs	dovoljen	adjective	slv
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	edin	adjective	slv
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	edin	adjective	slv
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	edin	adjective	slv
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	edin	adjective	slv
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	edinstven	adjective	slv
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	edinstven	adjective	slv
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	edinstven	adjective	slv
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	edinstven	adjective	slv
izdan	adjective	hbs	izdan	adjective	slv
izdan	adjective	hbs	izdan	adjective	slv
izdan	adjective	hbs	izdan	adjective	slv
izdan	adjective	hbs	izdan	adjective	slv
napravljen	adjective	hbs	izdelan	adjective	slv
napravljen	adjective	hbs	izdelan	adjective	slv
napravljen	adjective	hbs	izdelan	adjective	slv
napravljen	adjective	hbs	izdelan	adjective	slv
iskorišten	adjective	hbs	izkoriščan	adjective	slv
iskorišten	adjective	hbs	izkoriščan	adjective	slv
iskorišten	adjective	hbs	izkoriščan	adjective	slv
iskorišten	adjective	hbs	izkoriščan	adjective	slv
iskorišten	adjective	hbs	izkoriščen	adjective	slv
iskorišten	adjective	hbs	izkoriščen	adjective	slv
iskorišten	adjective	hbs	izkoriščen	adjective	slv
iskorišten	adjective	hbs	izkoriščen	adjective	slv
uništen	adjective	hbs	izničen	adjective	slv
uništen	adjective	hbs	izničen	adjective	slv
uništen	adjective	hbs	izničen	adjective	slv
uništen	adjective	hbs	izničen	adjective	slv
formiran	adjective	hbs	izoblikovan	adjective	slv
formiran	adjective	hbs	izoblikovan	adjective	slv
formiran	adjective	hbs	izoblikovan	adjective	slv
formiran	adjective	hbs	izoblikovan	adjective	slv
potpun	adjective	hbs	izpopolnjen	adjective	slv
potpun	adjective	hbs	izpopolnjen	adjective	slv
potpun	adjective	hbs	izpopolnjen	adjective	slv
potpun	adjective	hbs	izpopolnjen	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	izpraznjen	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	izpraznjen	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	izpraznjen	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	izpraznjen	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	izpuščen	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	izpuščen	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	izpuščen	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	izpuščen	adjective	slv
zvan	adjective	hbs	klican	adjective	slv
zvan	adjective	hbs	klican	adjective	slv
zvan	adjective	hbs	klican	adjective	slv
zvan	adjective	hbs	klican	adjective	slv
planiran	adjective	hbs	načrtovan	adjective	slv
planiran	adjective	hbs	načrtovan	adjective	slv
planiran	adjective	hbs	načrtovan	adjective	slv
planiran	adjective	hbs	načrtovan	adjective	slv
napravljen	adjective	hbs	narejen	adjective	slv
napravljen	adjective	hbs	narejen	adjective	slv
napravljen	adjective	hbs	narejen	adjective	slv
napravljen	adjective	hbs	narejen	adjective	slv
naseljen	adjective	hbs	naselitven	adjective	slv
naseljen	adjective	hbs	naselitven	adjective	slv
naseljen	adjective	hbs	naselitven	adjective	slv
naseljen	adjective	hbs	naselitven	adjective	slv
naslovljen	adjective	hbs	naslovljen	adjective	slv
naslovljen	adjective	hbs	naslovljen	adjective	slv
naslovljen	adjective	hbs	naslovljen	adjective	slv
naslovljen	adjective	hbs	naslovljen	adjective	slv
naveden	adjective	hbs	naštet	adjective	slv
naveden	adjective	hbs	naveden	adjective	slv
naveden	adjective	hbs	naveden	adjective	slv
naveden	adjective	hbs	naveden	adjective	slv
naveden	adjective	hbs	naveden	adjective	slv
objavljen	adjective	hbs	objavljen	adjective	slv
objavljen	adjective	hbs	objavljen	adjective	slv
objavljen	adjective	hbs	objavljen	adjective	slv
objavljen	adjective	hbs	objavljen	adjective	slv
naseljen	adjective	hbs	obljuden	adjective	slv
naseljen	adjective	hbs	obljuden	adjective	slv
naseljen	adjective	hbs	obljuden	adjective	slv
naseljen	adjective	hbs	obljuden	adjective	slv
paušalan	adjective	hbs	pavšalen	adjective	slv
paušalno	adverb	hbs	pavšalno	adverb	slv
naoružan	adjective	hbs	oborožen	adjective	slv
naoružan	adjective	hbs	oborožen	adjective	slv
naoružan	adjective	hbs	oborožen	adjective	slv
naoružan	adjective	hbs	oborožen	adjective	slv
osuđen	adjective	hbs	obsojen	adjective	slv
osuđen	adjective	hbs	obsojen	adjective	slv
osuđen	adjective	hbs	obsojen	adjective	slv
osuđen	adjective	hbs	obsojen	adjective	slv
zaražen	adjective	hbs	okužen	adjective	slv
zaražen	adjective	hbs	okužen	adjective	slv
zaražen	adjective	hbs	okužen	adjective	slv
zaražen	adjective	hbs	okužen	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	oproščen	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	oproščen	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	oproščen	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	oproščen	adjective	slv
osumnjičen	adjective	hbs	osumljen	adjective	slv
osumnjičen	adjective	hbs	osumljen	adjective	slv
osumnjičen	adjective	hbs	osumljen	adjective	slv
osumnjičen	adjective	hbs	osumljen	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	osvobojen	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	osvobojen	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	osvobojen	adjective	slv
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	osvobojen	adjective	slv
težak	adjective	hbs	otežen	adjective	slv
težak	adjective	hbs	otežen	adjective	slv
težak	adjective	hbs	otežen	adjective	slv
težak	adjective	hbs	otežen	adjective	slv
potpisan	adjective	hbs	podpisan	adjective	slv
potpisan	adjective	hbs	podpisan	adjective	slv
potpisan	adjective	hbs	podpisan	adjective	slv
potpisan	adjective	hbs	podpisan	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	pogubljen	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	pogubljen	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	pogubljen	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	pogubljen	adjective	slv
pozvan	adjective	hbs	poklican	adjective	slv
pozvan	adjective	hbs	poklican	adjective	slv
pozvan	adjective	hbs	poklican	adjective	slv
pozvan	adjective	hbs	poklican	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	pokončan	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	pokončan	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	pokončan	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	pokončan	adjective	slv
odobren	adjective	hbs	priglašen	adjective	slv
odobren	adjective	hbs	pooblaščen	adjective	slv
odobren	adjective	hbs	pooblaščen	adjective	slv
odobren	adjective	hbs	pooblaščen	adjective	slv
odobren	adjective	hbs	pooblaščen	adjective	slv
postavljen	adjective	hbs	postavljen	adjective	slv
postavljen	adjective	hbs	postavljen	adjective	slv
postavljen	adjective	hbs	postavljen	adjective	slv
postavljen	adjective	hbs	postavljen	adjective	slv
posvećen	adjective	hbs	namenski	adjective	slv
posvećen	adjective	hbs	posvečen	adjective	slv
posvećen	adjective	hbs	posvečen	adjective	slv
posvećen	adjective	hbs	posvečen	adjective	slv
posvećen	adjective	hbs	posvečen	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	potvorjen	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	potvorjen	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	potvorjen	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	potvorjen	adjective	slv
pozvan	adjective	hbs	povabljen	adjective	slv
pozvan	adjective	hbs	povabljen	adjective	slv
pozvan	adjective	hbs	povabljen	adjective	slv
pozvan	adjective	hbs	povabljen	adjective	slv
povećan	adjective	hbs	povečan	adjective	slv
povećan	adjective	hbs	povečan	adjective	slv
povećan	adjective	hbs	povečan	adjective	slv
povećan	adjective	hbs	povečan	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	poznan	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	poznan	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	poznan	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	poznan	adjective	slv
predan	adjective	hbs	predan	adjective	slv
predan	adjective	hbs	predan	adjective	slv
predan	adjective	hbs	predan	adjective	slv
predan	adjective	hbs	predan	adjective	slv
prikazan	adjective	hbs	predstavljen	adjective	slv
prikazan	adjective	hbs	predstavljen	adjective	slv
prikazan	adjective	hbs	predstavljen	adjective	slv
prikazan	adjective	hbs	predstavljen	adjective	slv
zabranjen	adjective	hbs	prepovedan	adjective	slv
zabranjen	adjective	hbs	prepovedan	adjective	slv
zabranjen	adjective	hbs	prepovedan	adjective	slv
zabranjen	adjective	hbs	prepovedan	adjective	slv
presječen	adjective	hbs	presekan	adjective	slv
presječen	adjective	hbs	presekan	adjective	slv
presječen	adjective	hbs	presekan	adjective	slv
presječen	adjective	hbs	presekan	adjective	slv
dodijeljen	adjective	hbs	pripisan	adjective	slv
dodijeljen	adjective	hbs	pripisan	adjective	slv
dodijeljen	adjective	hbs	pripisan	adjective	slv
dodijeljen	adjective	hbs	pripisan	adjective	slv
podijeljen	adjective	hbs	razdeljen	adjective	slv
podijeljen	adjective	hbs	razdeljen	adjective	slv
podijeljen	adjective	hbs	razdeljen	adjective	slv
podijeljen	adjective	hbs	razdeljen	adjective	slv
dinamičan	adjective	hbs	razgiban	adjective	slv
dinamičan	adjective	hbs	razgiban	adjective	slv
dinamičan	adjective	hbs	razgiban	adjective	slv
dinamičan	adjective	hbs	razgiban	adjective	slv
proglašen	adjective	hbs	razglašen	adjective	slv
proglašen	adjective	hbs	razglašen	adjective	slv
proglašen	adjective	hbs	razglašen	adjective	slv
proglašen	adjective	hbs	razglašen	adjective	slv
riješen	adjective	hbs	rešen	adjective	slv
riješen	adjective	hbs	rešen	adjective	slv
riješen	adjective	hbs	rešen	adjective	slv
riješen	adjective	hbs	rešen	adjective	slv
žut	adjective	hbs	rumen	adjective	slv
žut	adjective	hbs	rumen	adjective	slv
žut	adjective	hbs	rumen	adjective	slv
žut	adjective	hbs	rumen	adjective	slv
gladan	adjective	hbs	sestradan	adjective	slv
gladan	adjective	hbs	sestradan	adjective	slv
gladan	adjective	hbs	sestradan	adjective	slv
gladan	adjective	hbs	sestradan	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	spraznjen	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	spraznjen	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	spraznjen	adjective	slv
prazan	adjective	hbs	spraznjen	adjective	slv
napravljen	adjective	hbs	storjen	adjective	slv
napravljen	adjective	hbs	storjen	adjective	slv
napravljen	adjective	hbs	storjen	adjective	slv
napravljen	adjective	hbs	storjen	adjective	slv
pronađen	adjective	hbs	ugotovljen	adjective	slv
pronađen	adjective	hbs	ugotovljen	adjective	slv
pronađen	adjective	hbs	ugotovljen	adjective	slv
pronađen	adjective	hbs	ugotovljen	adjective	slv
prljav	adjective	hbs	umazan	adjective	slv
prljav	adjective	hbs	umazan	adjective	slv
prljav	adjective	hbs	umazan	adjective	slv
prljav	adjective	hbs	umazan	adjective	slv
stavljen	adjective	hbs	umeščen	adjective	slv
stavljen	adjective	hbs	umeščen	adjective	slv
stavljen	adjective	hbs	umeščen	adjective	slv
stavljen	adjective	hbs	umeščen	adjective	slv
miran	adjective	hbs	umirjen	adjective	slv
miran	adjective	hbs	umirjen	adjective	slv
miran	adjective	hbs	umirjen	adjective	slv
miran	adjective	hbs	umirjen	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	umorjen	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	umorjen	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	umorjen	adjective	slv
ubijen	adjective	hbs	umorjen	adjective	slv
uništen	adjective	hbs	uničen	adjective	slv
uništen	adjective	hbs	uničen	adjective	slv
uništen	adjective	hbs	uničen	adjective	slv
uništen	adjective	hbs	uničen	adjective	slv
prikazan	adjective	hbs	upodobljen	adjective	slv
prikazan	adjective	hbs	upodobljen	adjective	slv
prikazan	adjective	hbs	upodobljen	adjective	slv
prikazan	adjective	hbs	upodobljen	adjective	slv
umirovljen	adjective	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
umirovljen	adjective	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
umirovljen	adjective	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
umirovljen	adjective	hbs	upokojen	adjective	slv
stabilan	adjective	hbs	ustaljen	adjective	slv
stabilan	adjective	hbs	ustaljen	adjective	slv
stabilan	adjective	hbs	ustaljen	adjective	slv
stabilan	adjective	hbs	ustaljen	adjective	slv
osnovan	adjective	hbs	ustanovljen	adjective	slv
osnovan	adjective	hbs	ustanovljen	adjective	slv
osnovan	adjective	hbs	ustanovljen	adjective	slv
osnovan	adjective	hbs	ustanovljen	adjective	slv
tijesan	adjective	hbs	utesnjen	adjective	slv
tijesan	adjective	hbs	utesnjen	adjective	slv
tijesan	adjective	hbs	utesnjen	adjective	slv
tijesan	adjective	hbs	utesnjen	adjective	slv
uključen	adjective	hbs	vključen	adjective	slv
uključen	adjective	hbs	vključen	adjective	slv
uključen	adjective	hbs	vključen	adjective	slv
uključen	adjective	hbs	vključen	adjective	slv
umiješan	adjective	hbs	vpleten	adjective	slv
umiješan	adjective	hbs	vpleten	adjective	slv
umiješan	adjective	hbs	vpleten	adjective	slv
umiješan	adjective	hbs	vpleten	adjective	slv
zadovoljan	adjective	hbs	vzradoščen	adjective	slv
zadovoljan	adjective	hbs	vzradoščen	adjective	slv
zadovoljan	adjective	hbs	vzradoščen	adjective	slv
zadovoljan	adjective	hbs	vzradoščen	adjective	slv
zadužen	adjective	hbs	zadolžen	adjective	slv
zadužen	adjective	hbs	zadolžen	adjective	slv
zadužen	adjective	hbs	zadolžen	adjective	slv
zadužen	adjective	hbs	zadolžen	adjective	slv
zadovoljan	adjective	hbs	zadoščen	adjective	slv
zadovoljan	adjective	hbs	zadoščen	adjective	slv
zadovoljan	adjective	hbs	zadoščen	adjective	slv
zadovoljan	adjective	hbs	zadoščen	adjective	slv
zainteresiran	adjective	hbs	zainteresiran	adjective	slv
zainteresiran	adjective	hbs	zainteresiran	adjective	slv
zainteresiran	adjective	hbs	zainteresiran	adjective	slv
zainteresiran	adjective	hbs	zainteresiran	adjective	slv
koristan	adjective	hbs	zalezen	adjective	slv
koristan	adjective	hbs	zalezen	adjective	slv
koristan	adjective	hbs	zalezen	adjective	slv
koristan	adjective	hbs	zalezen	adjective	slv
zabrinut	adjective	hbs	zaskrbljen	adjective	slv
zabrinut	adjective	hbs	zaskrbljen	adjective	slv
zabrinut	adjective	hbs	zaskrbljen	adjective	slv
zabrinut	adjective	hbs	zaskrbljen	adjective	slv
otrovan	adjective	hbs	zastrupljen	adjective	slv
otrovan	adjective	hbs	zastrupljen	adjective	slv
otrovan	adjective	hbs	zastrupljen	adjective	slv
otrovan	adjective	hbs	zastrupljen	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	znan	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	znan	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	znan	adjective	slv
poznat	adjective	hbs	znan	adjective	slv
znanstven	adjective	hbs	znanstven	adjective	slv
znanstven	adjective	hbs	znanstven	adjective	slv
znanstven	adjective	hbs	znanstven	adjective	slv
znanstven	adjective	hbs	znanstven	adjective	slv
crn	adjective	hbs	črn	adjective	slv
crn	adjective	hbs	črn	adjective	slv
crn	adjective	hbs	črn	adjective	slv
crn	adjective	hbs	črn	adjective	slv
potpun	adjective	hbs	popoln	adjective	slv
potpun	adjective	hbs	popoln	adjective	slv
potpun	adjective	hbs	popoln	adjective	slv
potpun	adjective	hbs	popoln	adjective	slv
romantičan	adjective	hbs	romantičen	adjective	slv
romantičan	adjective	hbs	romantičen	adjective	slv
romantičan	adjective	hbs	romantičen	adjective	slv
romantičan	adjective	hbs	romantičen	adjective	slv
seksualan	adjective	hbs	seksualen	adjective	slv
seksualan	adjective	hbs	seksualen	adjective	slv
seksualan	adjective	hbs	seksualen	adjective	slv
seksualan	adjective	hbs	seksualen	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	simpatičen	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	simpatičen	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	simpatičen	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	simpatičen	adjective	slv
svečan	adjective	hbs	slavnosten	adjective	slv
svečan	adjective	hbs	slavnosten	adjective	slv
svečan	adjective	hbs	slavnosten	adjective	slv
svečan	adjective	hbs	slavnosten	adjective	slv
socijalan	adjective	hbs	socialen	adjective	slv
socijalan	adjective	hbs	socialen	adjective	slv
socijalan	adjective	hbs	socialen	adjective	slv
socijalan	adjective	hbs	socialen	adjective	slv
solidaran	adjective	hbs	solidaren	adjective	slv
solidaran	adjective	hbs	solidaren	adjective	slv
solidaran	adjective	hbs	solidaren	adjective	slv
solidaran	adjective	hbs	solidaren	adjective	slv
proporcionalan	adjective	hbs	sorazmeren	adjective	slv
proporcionalan	adjective	hbs	sorazmeren	adjective	slv
proporcionalan	adjective	hbs	sorazmeren	adjective	slv
proporcionalan	adjective	hbs	sorazmeren	adjective	slv
specifičan	adjective	hbs	specifičen	adjective	slv
specifičan	adjective	hbs	specifičen	adjective	slv
specifičan	adjective	hbs	specifičen	adjective	slv
specifičan	adjective	hbs	specifičen	adjective	slv
primljen	adjective	hbs	sprejemen	adjective	slv
primljen	adjective	hbs	sprejemen	adjective	slv
primljen	adjective	hbs	sprejemen	adjective	slv
primljen	adjective	hbs	sprejemen	adjective	slv
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	svojevrsten	adjective	slv
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	svojevrsten	adjective	slv
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	svojevrsten	adjective	slv
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	svojevrsten	adjective	slv
teritorijalan	adjective	hbs	teritorialen	adjective	slv
teritorijalan	adjective	hbs	teritorialen	adjective	slv
teritorijalan	adjective	hbs	teritorialen	adjective	slv
teritorijalan	adjective	hbs	teritorialen	adjective	slv
zabrinut	adjective	hbs	tesnoben	adjective	slv
zabrinut	adjective	hbs	tesnoben	adjective	slv
zabrinut	adjective	hbs	tesnoben	adjective	slv
zabrinut	adjective	hbs	tesnoben	adjective	slv
tipičan	adjective	hbs	tipičen	adjective	slv
tipičan	adjective	hbs	tipičen	adjective	slv
tipičan	adjective	hbs	tipičen	adjective	slv
tipičan	adjective	hbs	tipičen	adjective	slv
tradicionalan	adjective	hbs	tradicionalen	adjective	slv
tradicionalan	adjective	hbs	tradicionalen	adjective	slv
tradicionalan	adjective	hbs	tradicionalen	adjective	slv
tradicionalan	adjective	hbs	tradicionalen	adjective	slv
tragičan	adjective	hbs	tragičen	adjective	slv
tragičan	adjective	hbs	tragičen	adjective	slv
tragičan	adjective	hbs	tragičen	adjective	slv
tragičan	adjective	hbs	tragičen	adjective	slv
trenutačan	adjective	hbs	trenuten	adjective	slv
trenutačan	adjective	hbs	trenuten	adjective	slv
trenutačan	adjective	hbs	trenuten	adjective	slv
trenutačan	adjective	hbs	trenuten	adjective	slv
služben	adjective	hbs	uraden	adjective	slv
služben	adjective	hbs	uraden	adjective	slv
služben	adjective	hbs	uraden	adjective	slv
služben	adjective	hbs	uraden	adjective	slv
vječan	adjective	hbs	večen	adjective	slv
vječan	adjective	hbs	večen	adjective	slv
vječan	adjective	hbs	večen	adjective	slv
vječan	adjective	hbs	večen	adjective	slv
verbalan	adjective	hbs	verbalen	adjective	slv
verbalan	adjective	hbs	verbalen	adjective	slv
verbalan	adjective	hbs	verbalen	adjective	slv
verbalan	adjective	hbs	verbalen	adjective	slv
ponovan	adjective	hbs	vnovičen	adjective	slv
ponovan	adjective	hbs	vnovičen	adjective	slv
ponovan	adjective	hbs	vnovičen	adjective	slv
ponovan	adjective	hbs	vnovičen	adjective	slv
paralelan	adjective	hbs	vzporeden	adjective	slv
paralelan	adjective	hbs	vzporeden	adjective	slv
paralelan	adjective	hbs	vzporeden	adjective	slv
paralelan	adjective	hbs	vzporeden	adjective	slv
privremen	adjective	hbs	začasen	adjective	slv
privremen	adjective	hbs	začasen	adjective	slv
privremen	adjective	hbs	začasen	adjective	slv
privremen	adjective	hbs	začasen	adjective	slv
poslovan	adjective	hbs	zadeven	adjective	slv
poslovan	adjective	hbs	zadeven	adjective	slv
poslovan	adjective	hbs	zadeven	adjective	slv
poslovan	adjective	hbs	zadeven	adjective	slv
dovoljan	adjective	hbs	zadosten	adjective	slv
dovoljan	adjective	hbs	zadosten	adjective	slv
dovoljan	adjective	hbs	zadosten	adjective	slv
dovoljan	adjective	hbs	zadosten	adjective	slv
zatvoren	adjective	hbs	zaporen	adjective	slv
zatvoren	adjective	hbs	zaporen	adjective	slv
zatvoren	adjective	hbs	zaporen	adjective	slv
zatvoren	adjective	hbs	zaporen	adjective	slv
ozbiljan	adjective	hbs	zaresen	adjective	slv
ozbiljan	adjective	hbs	zaresen	adjective	slv
ozbiljan	adjective	hbs	zaresen	adjective	slv
ozbiljan	adjective	hbs	zaresen	adjective	slv
svjestan	adjective	hbs	zavesten	adjective	slv
svjestan	adjective	hbs	zavesten	adjective	slv
svjestan	adjective	hbs	zavesten	adjective	slv
svjestan	adjective	hbs	zavesten	adjective	slv
nervozan	adjective	hbs	živčen	adjective	slv
nervozan	adjective	hbs	živčen	adjective	slv
nervozan	adjective	hbs	živčen	adjective	slv
nervozan	adjective	hbs	živčen	adjective	slv
ambiciozan	adjective	hbs	ambiciozen	adjective	slv
ambiciozan	adjective	hbs	ambiciozen	adjective	slv
ambiciozan	adjective	hbs	ambiciozen	adjective	slv
ambiciozan	adjective	hbs	ambiciozen	adjective	slv
čudan	adjective	hbs	čuden	adjective	slv
čudan	adjective	hbs	čuden	adjective	slv
čudan	adjective	hbs	čuden	adjective	slv
čudan	adjective	hbs	čuden	adjective	slv
čudesan	adjective	hbs	čudežen	adjective	slv
čudesan	adjective	hbs	čudežen	adjective	slv
čudesan	adjective	hbs	čudežen	adjective	slv
čudesan	adjective	hbs	čudežen	adjective	slv
liberalan	adjective	hbs	liberalen	adjective	slv
liberalan	adjective	hbs	liberalen	adjective	slv
liberalan	adjective	hbs	liberalen	adjective	slv
liberalan	adjective	hbs	liberalen	adjective	slv
malen	adjective	hbs	malenkosten	adjective	slv
malen	adjective	hbs	malenkosten	adjective	slv
malen	adjective	hbs	malenkosten	adjective	slv
malen	adjective	hbs	malenkosten	adjective	slv
nadležan	adjective	hbs	nadležen	adjective	slv
nadležan	adjective	hbs	nadležen	adjective	slv
nadležan	adjective	hbs	nadležen	adjective	slv
nadležan	adjective	hbs	nadležen	adjective	slv
agresivan	adjective	hbs	napadalen	adjective	slv
agresivan	adjective	hbs	napadalen	adjective	slv
agresivan	adjective	hbs	napadalen	adjective	slv
agresivan	adjective	hbs	napadalen	adjective	slv
običan	adjective	hbs	navaden	adjective	slv
običan	adjective	hbs	navaden	adjective	slv
običan	adjective	hbs	navaden	adjective	slv
običan	adjective	hbs	navaden	adjective	slv
nevin	adjective	hbs	nedolžen	adjective	slv
nevin	adjective	hbs	nedolžen	adjective	slv
nevin	adjective	hbs	nedolžen	adjective	slv
nevin	adjective	hbs	nedolžen	adjective	slv
neposredan	adjective	hbs	neposreden	adjective	slv
neposredan	adjective	hbs	neposreden	adjective	slv
neposredan	adjective	hbs	neposreden	adjective	slv
neposredan	adjective	hbs	neposreden	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	neresničen	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	neresničen	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	neresničen	adjective	slv
lažan	adjective	hbs	neresničen	adjective	slv
osoban	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
osoban	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
osoban	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
osoban	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	prikupen	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	prikupen	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	prikupen	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	prikupen	adjective	slv
raznolik	adjective	hbs	raznovrsten	adjective	slv
raznolik	adjective	hbs	raznovrsten	adjective	slv
raznolik	adjective	hbs	raznovrsten	adjective	slv
raznolik	adjective	hbs	raznovrsten	adjective	slv
svečan	adjective	hbs	slovesen	adjective	slv
svečan	adjective	hbs	slovesen	adjective	slv
svečan	adjective	hbs	slovesen	adjective	slv
svečan	adjective	hbs	slovesen	adjective	slv
smrtonosan	adjective	hbs	smrtonosen	adjective	slv
smrtonosan	adjective	hbs	smrtonosen	adjective	slv
smrtonosan	adjective	hbs	smrtonosen	adjective	slv
smrtonosan	adjective	hbs	smrtonosen	adjective	slv
brz	adjective	hbs	uren	adjective	slv
brz	adjective	hbs	uren	adjective	slv
brz	adjective	hbs	uren	adjective	slv
brz	adjective	hbs	uren	adjective	slv
hotimičan	adjective	hbs	hoten	adjective	slv
hotimičan	adjective	hbs	hoten	adjective	slv
hotimičan	adjective	hbs	hoten	adjective	slv
hotimičan	adjective	hbs	hoten	adjective	slv
izvršen	adjective	hbs	izvršen	adjective	slv
izvršen	adjective	hbs	izvršen	adjective	slv
izvršen	adjective	hbs	izvršen	adjective	slv
izvršen	adjective	hbs	izvršen	adjective	slv
dobar	adjective	hbs	priden	adjective	slv
dobar	adjective	hbs	priden	adjective	slv
dobar	adjective	hbs	priden	adjective	slv
dobar	adjective	hbs	priden	adjective	slv
svjestan	adjective	hbs	zaveden	adjective	slv
svjestan	adjective	hbs	zaveden	adjective	slv
svjestan	adjective	hbs	zaveden	adjective	slv
svjestan	adjective	hbs	zaveden	adjective	slv
bijel	adjective	hbs	bel	adjective	slv
bijel	adjective	hbs	bel	adjective	slv
bijel	adjective	hbs	bel	adjective	slv
bijel	adjective	hbs	bel	adjective	slv
cijel	adjective	hbs	cel	adjective	slv
cijel	adjective	hbs	cel	adjective	slv
cijel	adjective	hbs	cel	adjective	slv
cijel	adjective	hbs	cel	adjective	slv
crven	adjective	hbs	pordel	adjective	slv
crven	adjective	hbs	pordel	adjective	slv
crven	adjective	hbs	pordel	adjective	slv
crven	adjective	hbs	pordel	adjective	slv
preostao	adjective	hbs	preostal	adjective	slv
preostao	adjective	hbs	preostal	adjective	slv
preostao	adjective	hbs	preostal	adjective	slv
preostao	adjective	hbs	preostal	adjective	slv
elegantan	adjective	hbs	eleganten	adjective	slv
elegantan	adjective	hbs	eleganten	adjective	slv
elegantan	adjective	hbs	eleganten	adjective	slv
elegantan	adjective	hbs	eleganten	adjective	slv
stabilan	adjective	hbs	enakomeren	adjective	slv
stabilan	adjective	hbs	enakomeren	adjective	slv
stabilan	adjective	hbs	enakomeren	adjective	slv
stabilan	adjective	hbs	enakomeren	adjective	slv
intiman	adjective	hbs	intimen	adjective	slv
intiman	adjective	hbs	intimen	adjective	slv
intiman	adjective	hbs	intimen	adjective	slv
intiman	adjective	hbs	intimen	adjective	slv
obilan	adjective	hbs	izdaten	adjective	slv
obilan	adjective	hbs	izdaten	adjective	slv
obilan	adjective	hbs	izdaten	adjective	slv
obilan	adjective	hbs	izdaten	adjective	slv
konkretan	adjective	hbs	konkreten	adjective	slv
konkretan	adjective	hbs	konkreten	adjective	slv
konkretan	adjective	hbs	konkreten	adjective	slv
konkretan	adjective	hbs	konkreten	adjective	slv
koristan	adjective	hbs	koristen	adjective	slv
koristan	adjective	hbs	koristen	adjective	slv
koristan	adjective	hbs	koristen	adjective	slv
koristan	adjective	hbs	koristen	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	občuten	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	občuten	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	občuten	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	občuten	adjective	slv
puten	adjective	hbs	čuten	adjective	slv
puten	adjective	hbs	čuten	adjective	slv
puten	adjective	hbs	čuten	adjective	slv
puten	adjective	hbs	čuten	adjective	slv
pravilan	adjective	hbs	pravilen	adjective	slv
pravilan	adjective	hbs	pravilen	adjective	slv
pravilan	adjective	hbs	pravilen	adjective	slv
pravilan	adjective	hbs	pravilen	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	prisrčen	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	prisrčen	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	prisrčen	adjective	slv
sladak	adjective	hbs	prisrčen	adjective	slv
regionalan	adjective	hbs	regionalen	adjective	slv
regionalan	adjective	hbs	regionalen	adjective	slv
regionalan	adjective	hbs	regionalen	adjective	slv
regionalan	adjective	hbs	regionalen	adjective	slv
moderan	adjective	hbs	sodoben	adjective	slv
moderan	adjective	hbs	sodoben	adjective	slv
moderan	adjective	hbs	sodoben	adjective	slv
moderan	adjective	hbs	sodoben	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	tehten	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	tehten	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	tehten	adjective	slv
značajan	adjective	hbs	tehten	adjective	slv
ugledan	adjective	hbs	ugleden	adjective	slv
ugledan	adjective	hbs	ugleden	adjective	slv
ugledan	adjective	hbs	ugleden	adjective	slv
ugledan	adjective	hbs	ugleden	adjective	slv
zabavan	adjective	hbs	zabaven	adjective	slv
zabavan	adjective	hbs	zabaven	adjective	slv
zabavan	adjective	hbs	zabaven	adjective	slv
zabavan	adjective	hbs	zabaven	adjective	slv
dalek	adjective	hbs	oddaljen	adjective	slv
dalek	adjective	hbs	oddaljen	adjective	slv
dalek	adjective	hbs	oddaljen	adjective	slv
dalek	adjective	hbs	oddaljen	adjective	slv
mrtav	adjective	hbs	mrtev	adjective	slv
mrtav	adjective	hbs	mrtev	adjective	slv
mrtav	adjective	hbs	mrtev	adjective	slv
mrtav	adjective	hbs	mrtev	adjective	slv
slobodan	adjective	hbs	svoboden	adjective	slv
slobodan	adjective	hbs	svoboden	adjective	slv
slobodan	adjective	hbs	svoboden	adjective	slv
slobodan	adjective	hbs	svoboden	adjective	slv
slobodan	adjective	hbs	prost	adjective	slv
slobodan	adjective	hbs	prost	adjective	slv
slobodan	adjective	hbs	prost	adjective	slv
koristan	adjective	hbs	uporaben	adjective	slv
koristan	adjective	hbs	uporaben	adjective	slv
koristan	adjective	hbs	uporaben	adjective	slv
koristan	adjective	hbs	uporaben	adjective	slv
važan	adjective	hbs	važen	adjective	slv
važan	adjective	hbs	važen	adjective	slv
važan	adjective	hbs	važen	adjective	slv
važan	adjective	hbs	važen	adjective	slv
istovrijedan	adjective	hbs	enakovreden	adjective	slv
istovrijedno	adverb	hbs	enakovredno	adverb	slv
vrijedan	adjective	hbs	vreden	adjective	slv
vrijedan	adjective	hbs	vreden	adjective	slv
vrijedan	adjective	hbs	vreden	adjective	slv
vrijedan	adjective	hbs	vreden	adjective	slv
jak	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
jak	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
jak	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
jak	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
aktivan	adjective	hbs	aktiven	adjective	slv
aktivan	adjective	hbs	aktiven	adjective	slv
aktivan	adjective	hbs	aktiven	adjective	slv
aktivan	adjective	hbs	aktiven	adjective	slv
aktualan	adjective	hbs	aktualen	adjective	slv
aktualan	adjective	hbs	aktualen	adjective	slv
aktualan	adjective	hbs	aktualen	adjective	slv
aktualan	adjective	hbs	aktualen	adjective	slv
aktivan	adjective	hbs	dejaven	adjective	slv
aktivan	adjective	hbs	dejaven	adjective	slv
aktivan	adjective	hbs	dejaven	adjective	slv
aktivan	adjective	hbs	dejaven	adjective	slv
hladan	adjective	hbs	hladen	adjective	slv
hladan	adjective	hbs	hladen	adjective	slv
hladan	adjective	hbs	hladen	adjective	slv
hladan	adjective	hbs	hladen	adjective	slv
jasan	adjective	hbs	jasen	adjective	slv
jasan	adjective	hbs	jasen	adjective	slv
jasan	adjective	hbs	jasen	adjective	slv
jasan	adjective	hbs	jasen	adjective	slv
moderan	adjective	hbs	moderen	adjective	slv
moderan	adjective	hbs	moderen	adjective	slv
moderan	adjective	hbs	moderen	adjective	slv
moderan	adjective	hbs	moderen	adjective	slv
potreban	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
potreban	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
potreban	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
potreban	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
potreban	adjective	hbs	zahteven	adjective	slv
potreban	adjective	hbs	zahteven	adjective	slv
potreban	adjective	hbs	zahteven	adjective	slv
potreban	adjective	hbs	zahteven	adjective	slv
zgodan	adjective	hbs	pripraven	adjective	slv
zgodan	adjective	hbs	pripraven	adjective	slv
zgodan	adjective	hbs	pripraven	adjective	slv
zgodan	adjective	hbs	pripraven	adjective	slv
redovan	adjective	hbs	reden	adjective	slv
redovan	adjective	hbs	reden	adjective	slv
redovan	adjective	hbs	reden	adjective	slv
redovan	adjective	hbs	reden	adjective	slv
relativan	adjective	hbs	relativen	adjective	slv
relativan	adjective	hbs	relativen	adjective	slv
relativan	adjective	hbs	relativen	adjective	slv
relativan	adjective	hbs	relativen	adjective	slv
stabilan	adjective	hbs	stabilen	adjective	slv
stabilan	adjective	hbs	stabilen	adjective	slv
stabilan	adjective	hbs	stabilen	adjective	slv
stabilan	adjective	hbs	stabilen	adjective	slv
zgodan	adjective	hbs	udoben	adjective	slv
zgodan	adjective	hbs	udoben	adjective	slv
zgodan	adjective	hbs	udoben	adjective	slv
zgodan	adjective	hbs	udoben	adjective	slv
uspješan	adjective	hbs	uspešen	adjective	slv
uspješan	adjective	hbs	uspešen	adjective	slv
uspješan	adjective	hbs	uspešen	adjective	slv
uspješan	adjective	hbs	uspešen	adjective	slv
vjerojatan	adjective	hbs	verjeten	adjective	slv
vjerojatan	adjective	hbs	verjeten	adjective	slv
vjerojatan	adjective	hbs	verjeten	adjective	slv
vjerojatan	adjective	hbs	verjeten	adjective	slv
plemenit	adjective	hbs	žlahten	adjective	slv
plemenit	adjective	hbs	žlahten	adjective	slv
plemenit	adjective	hbs	žlahten	adjective	slv
plemenit	adjective	hbs	žlahten	adjective	slv
neprihvatljiv	adjective	hbs	nesprejemljiv	adjective	slv
neprihvatljiv	adjective	hbs	nesprejemljiv	adjective	slv
neprihvatljiv	adjective	hbs	nesprejemljiv	adjective	slv
neprihvatljiv	adjective	hbs	nesprejemljiv	adjective	slv
ugljikovodikov	adjective	hbs	ogljikovodikov	adjective	slv
nov	adjective	hbs	nov	adjective	slv
nov	adjective	hbs	nov	adjective	slv
nov	adjective	hbs	nov	adjective	slv
nov	adjective	hbs	nov	adjective	slv
čvrst	adjective	hbs	čvrst	adjective	slv
čvrst	adjective	hbs	čvrst	adjective	slv
čvrst	adjective	hbs	čvrst	adjective	slv
čvrst	adjective	hbs	čvrst	adjective	slv
čest	adjective	hbs	neredek	adjective	slv
čest	adjective	hbs	neredek	adjective	slv
čest	adjective	hbs	neredek	adjective	slv
čest	adjective	hbs	neredek	adjective	slv
kamen	adjective	hbs	kamnit	adjective	slv
kamen	adjective	hbs	kamnit	adjective	slv
kamen	adjective	hbs	kamnit	adjective	slv
kamen	adjective	hbs	kamnit	adjective	slv
kamen	adjective	hbs	kamen	adjective	slv
kamen	adjective	hbs	kamen	adjective	slv
kamen	adjective	hbs	kamen	adjective	slv
kamen	adjective	hbs	kamen	adjective	slv
zdrav	adjective	hbs	zdrav	adjective	slv
zdrav	adjective	hbs	zdrav	adjective	slv
zdrav	adjective	hbs	zdrav	adjective	slv
zdrav	adjective	hbs	zdrav	adjective	slv
širok	adjective	hbs	širok	adjective	slv
širok	adjective	hbs	širok	adjective	slv
širok	adjective	hbs	širok	adjective	slv
širok	adjective	hbs	širok	adjective	slv
mlad	adjective	hbs	mladčev	adjective	slv
mlad	adjective	hbs	mladčev	adjective	slv
mlad	adjective	hbs	mladčev	adjective	slv
mlad	adjective	hbs	mladčev	adjective	slv
administrativan	adjective	hbs	administrativen	adjective	slv
administrativan	adjective	hbs	administrativen	adjective	slv
administrativan	adjective	hbs	administrativen	adjective	slv
administrativan	adjective	hbs	administrativen	adjective	slv
ilegalan	adjective	hbs	ilegalen	adjective	slv
ilegalan	adjective	hbs	ilegalen	adjective	slv
ilegalan	adjective	hbs	ilegalen	adjective	slv
ilegalan	adjective	hbs	ilegalen	adjective	slv
odobren	adjective	hbs	odobren	adjective	slv
odobren	adjective	hbs	odobren	adjective	slv
odobren	adjective	hbs	odobren	adjective	slv
odobren	adjective	hbs	odobren	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	osvojen	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	osvojen	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	osvojen	adjective	slv
usvojen	adjective	hbs	osvojen	adjective	slv
povezan	adjective	hbs	povezan	adjective	slv
povezan	adjective	hbs	povezan	adjective	slv
povezan	adjective	hbs	povezan	adjective	slv
povezan	adjective	hbs	povezan	adjective	slv
prikazan	adjective	hbs	prikazan	adjective	slv
prikazan	adjective	hbs	prikazan	adjective	slv
prikazan	adjective	hbs	prikazan	adjective	slv
prikazan	adjective	hbs	prikazan	adjective	slv
zaposlen	adjective	hbs	zaposlen	adjective	slv
zaposlen	adjective	hbs	zaposlen	adjective	slv
zaposlen	adjective	hbs	zaposlen	adjective	slv
zaposlen	adjective	hbs	zaposlen	adjective	slv
zelen	adjective	hbs	zelen	adjective	slv
zelen	adjective	hbs	zelen	adjective	slv
zelen	adjective	hbs	zelen	adjective	slv
zelen	adjective	hbs	zelen	adjective	slv
svakodnevan	adjective	hbs	vsakodneven	adjective	slv
svakodnevan	adjective	hbs	vsakodneven	adjective	slv
svakodnevan	adjective	hbs	vsakodneven	adjective	slv
svakodnevan	adjective	hbs	vsakodneven	adjective	slv
zvučan	adjective	hbs	zvočen	adjective	slv
zvučan	adjective	hbs	zvočen	adjective	slv
zvučan	adjective	hbs	zvočen	adjective	slv
zvučan	adjective	hbs	zvočen	adjective	slv
blizak	adjective	hbs	blizek	adjective	slv
blizak	adjective	hbs	blizek	adjective	slv
blizak	adjective	hbs	blizek	adjective	slv
blizak	adjective	hbs	blizek	adjective	slv
blizak	adjective	hbs	bližnji	adjective	slv
blizak	adjective	hbs	bližnji	adjective	slv
blizak	adjective	hbs	bližnji	adjective	slv
blizak	adjective	hbs	bližnji	adjective	slv
ozbiljan	adjective	hbs	resnoben	adjective	slv
ozbiljan	adjective	hbs	resnoben	adjective	slv
ozbiljan	adjective	hbs	resnoben	adjective	slv
ozbiljan	adjective	hbs	resnoben	adjective	slv
srednje velik	adjective	hbs	srednje velik	adjective	slv
unilateralan	adjective	hbs	enostranski	adjective	slv
unilateralan	adjective	hbs	enostranski	adjective	slv
unilateralan	adjective	hbs	enostranski	adjective	slv
unilateralan	adjective	hbs	enostranski	adjective	slv
bilateralan	adjective	hbs	dvostranski	adjective	slv
bilateralan	adjective	hbs	dvostranski	adjective	slv
bilateralan	adjective	hbs	dvostranski	adjective	slv
bilateralan	adjective	hbs	dvostranski	adjective	slv
osebujan	adjective	hbs	svojstven	adjective	slv
osebujan	adjective	hbs	svojstven	adjective	slv
osebujan	adjective	hbs	svojstven	adjective	slv
osebujan	adjective	hbs	svojstven	adjective	slv
nelegalan	adjective	hbs	nezakonit	adjective	slv
nelegalan	adjective	hbs	nezakonit	adjective	slv
nelegalan	adjective	hbs	nezakonit	adjective	slv
nelegalan	adjective	hbs	nezakonit	adjective	slv
lišen	adjective	hbs	prikrajšan	adjective	slv
lišen	adjective	hbs	prikrajšan	adjective	slv
lišen	adjective	hbs	prikrajšan	adjective	slv
lišen	adjective	hbs	prikrajšan	adjective	slv
snižen	adjective	hbs	zmanjšan	adjective	slv
snižen	adjective	hbs	zmanjšan	adjective	slv
snižen	adjective	hbs	zmanjšan	adjective	slv
snižen	adjective	hbs	zmanjšan	adjective	slv
okrivljen	adjective	hbs	okrivljen	adjective	slv
okrivljen	adjective	hbs	okrivljen	adjective	slv
okrivljen	adjective	hbs	okrivljen	adjective	slv
okrivljen	adjective	hbs	okrivljen	adjective	slv
potražen	adjective	hbs	poiskan	adjective	slv
potražen	adjective	hbs	poiskan	adjective	slv
potražen	adjective	hbs	poiskan	adjective	slv
potražen	adjective	hbs	poiskan	adjective	slv
ispraćen	adjective	hbs	pospremljen	adjective	slv
ispraćen	adjective	hbs	pospremljen	adjective	slv
ispraćen	adjective	hbs	pospremljen	adjective	slv
ispraćen	adjective	hbs	pospremljen	adjective	slv
raseljen	adjective	hbs	razseljen	adjective	slv
raseljen	adjective	hbs	razseljen	adjective	slv
raseljen	adjective	hbs	razseljen	adjective	slv
raseljen	adjective	hbs	razseljen	adjective	slv
pritvoren	adjective	hbs	pridržan	adjective	slv
pritvoren	adjective	hbs	pridržan	adjective	slv
pritvoren	adjective	hbs	pridržan	adjective	slv
pritvoren	adjective	hbs	pridržan	adjective	slv
nezaposlen	adjective	hbs	nezaposlen	adjective	slv
nezaposlen	adjective	hbs	nezaposlen	adjective	slv
nezaposlen	adjective	hbs	nezaposlen	adjective	slv
nezaposlen	adjective	hbs	nezaposlen	adjective	slv
samoproglašen	adjective	hbs	samooklican	adjective	slv
samoproglašen	adjective	hbs	samooklican	adjective	slv
samoproglašen	adjective	hbs	samooklican	adjective	slv
samoproglašen	adjective	hbs	samooklican	adjective	slv
kontinuisan	adjective	hbs	kontinuiran	adjective	slv
kontinuisan	adjective	hbs	kontinuiran	adjective	slv
kontinuisan	adjective	hbs	kontinuiran	adjective	slv
kontinuisan	adjective	hbs	kontinuiran	adjective	slv
izabran	adjective	hbs	izvoljen	adjective	slv
izabran	adjective	hbs	izvoljen	adjective	slv
izabran	adjective	hbs	izvoljen	adjective	slv
izabran	adjective	hbs	izvoljen	adjective	slv
donesen	adjective	hbs	prinesen	adjective	slv
donesen	adjective	hbs	prinesen	adjective	slv
donesen	adjective	hbs	prinesen	adjective	slv
donesen	adjective	hbs	prinesen	adjective	slv
eventualan	adjective	hbs	eventualen	adjective	slv
eventualan	adjective	hbs	eventualen	adjective	slv
eventualan	adjective	hbs	eventualen	adjective	slv
eventualan	adjective	hbs	eventualen	adjective	slv
informativan	adjective	hbs	informativen	adjective	slv
informativan	adjective	hbs	informativen	adjective	slv
informativan	adjective	hbs	informativen	adjective	slv
informativan	adjective	hbs	informativen	adjective	slv
ekscentričan	adjective	hbs	ekscentričen	adjective	slv
ekscentričan	adjective	hbs	ekscentričen	adjective	slv
ekscentričan	adjective	hbs	ekscentričen	adjective	slv
ekscentričan	adjective	hbs	ekscentričen	adjective	slv
maksimalan	adjective	hbs	maksimalen	adjective	slv
maksimalan	adjective	hbs	maksimalen	adjective	slv
maksimalan	adjective	hbs	maksimalen	adjective	slv
maksimalan	adjective	hbs	maksimalen	adjective	slv
monumentalan	adjective	hbs	monumentalen	adjective	slv
monumentalan	adjective	hbs	monumentalen	adjective	slv
monumentalan	adjective	hbs	monumentalen	adjective	slv
monumentalan	adjective	hbs	monumentalen	adjective	slv
obilazan	adjective	hbs	obvozen	adjective	slv
obilazan	adjective	hbs	obvozen	adjective	slv
obilazan	adjective	hbs	obvozen	adjective	slv
obilazan	adjective	hbs	obvozen	adjective	slv
krizno	adverb	hbs	krizno	adverb	slv
krizan	adjective	hbs	krizen	adjective	slv
krizan	adjective	hbs	krizen	adjective	slv
krizan	adjective	hbs	krizen	adjective	slv
krizan	adjective	hbs	krizen	adjective	slv
oprezno	adverb	hbs	previdno	adverb	slv
oprezan	adjective	hbs	previden	adjective	slv
oprezan	adjective	hbs	previden	adjective	slv
oprezan	adjective	hbs	previden	adjective	slv
oprezan	adjective	hbs	previden	adjective	slv
pravoslavan	adjective	hbs	pravoslaven	adjective	slv
pravoslavan	adjective	hbs	pravoslaven	adjective	slv
pravoslavan	adjective	hbs	pravoslaven	adjective	slv
pravoslavan	adjective	hbs	pravoslaven	adjective	slv
matičan	adjective	hbs	matičen	adjective	slv
matično	adverb	hbs	matično	adverb	slv
problematičan	adjective	hbs	problematičen	adjective	slv
problematičan	adjective	hbs	problematičen	adjective	slv
problematičan	adjective	hbs	problematičen	adjective	slv
problematičan	adjective	hbs	problematičen	adjective	slv
sanitaran	adjective	hbs	sanitaren	adjective	slv
sanitaran	adjective	hbs	sanitaren	adjective	slv
sanitaran	adjective	hbs	sanitaren	adjective	slv
sanitaran	adjective	hbs	sanitaren	adjective	slv
ustavan	adjective	hbs	ustaven	adjective	slv
ustavan	adjective	hbs	ustaven	adjective	slv
ustavan	adjective	hbs	ustaven	adjective	slv
ustavan	adjective	hbs	ustaven	adjective	slv
famozan	adjective	hbs	famozen	adjective	slv
famozan	adjective	hbs	famozen	adjective	slv
famozan	adjective	hbs	famozen	adjective	slv
famozan	adjective	hbs	famozen	adjective	slv
fenomenalan	adjective	hbs	fenomenalen	adjective	slv
fenomenalan	adjective	hbs	fenomenalen	adjective	slv
fenomenalan	adjective	hbs	fenomenalen	adjective	slv
fenomenalan	adjective	hbs	fenomenalen	adjective	slv
punopravan	adjective	hbs	polnopraven	adjective	slv
punopravan	adjective	hbs	polnopraven	adjective	slv
punopravan	adjective	hbs	polnopraven	adjective	slv
punopravan	adjective	hbs	polnopraven	adjective	slv
okviran	adjective	hbs	okviren	adjective	slv
okviran	adjective	hbs	okviren	adjective	slv
okviran	adjective	hbs	okviren	adjective	slv
okviran	adjective	hbs	okviren	adjective	slv
sekularan	adjective	hbs	sekularen	adjective	slv
sekularan	adjective	hbs	sekularen	adjective	slv
sekularan	adjective	hbs	sekularen	adjective	slv
sekularan	adjective	hbs	sekularen	adjective	slv
uveden	adjective	hbs	uveden	adjective	slv
uvedeno	adverb	hbs	uvedeno	adverb	slv
meden	adjective	hbs	meden	adjective	slv
meden	adjective	hbs	meden	adjective	slv
meden	adjective	hbs	meden	adjective	slv
meden	adjective	hbs	meden	adjective	slv
prijevremen	adjective	hbs	predčasen	adjective	slv
prijevremen	adjective	hbs	predčasen	adjective	slv
prijevremen	adjective	hbs	predčasen	adjective	slv
prijevremen	adjective	hbs	predčasen	adjective	slv
održiv	adjective	hbs	trajnosten	adjective	slv
održiv	adjective	hbs	trajnosten	adjective	slv
održiv	adjective	hbs	trajnosten	adjective	slv
održiv	adjective	hbs	trajnosten	adjective	slv
impozantan	adjective	hbs	impozanten	adjective	slv
impozantan	adjective	hbs	impozanten	adjective	slv
impozantan	adjective	hbs	impozanten	adjective	slv
impozantan	adjective	hbs	impozanten	adjective	slv
interesantan	adjective	hbs	interesanten	adjective	slv
interesantan	adjective	hbs	interesanten	adjective	slv
interesantan	adjective	hbs	interesanten	adjective	slv
interesantan	adjective	hbs	interesanten	adjective	slv
privatan	adjective	hbs	privaten	adjective	slv
privatan	adjective	hbs	privaten	adjective	slv
privatan	adjective	hbs	privaten	adjective	slv
privatan	adjective	hbs	privaten	adjective	slv
privatan	adjective	hbs	zaseben	adjective	slv
privatan	adjective	hbs	zaseben	adjective	slv
privatan	adjective	hbs	zaseben	adjective	slv
rekordan	adjective	hbs	rekorden	adjective	slv
rekordan	adjective	hbs	rekorden	adjective	slv
rekordan	adjective	hbs	rekorden	adjective	slv
rekordan	adjective	hbs	rekorden	adjective	slv
drastičan	adjective	hbs	drastičen	adjective	slv
drastičan	adjective	hbs	drastičen	adjective	slv
drastičan	adjective	hbs	drastičen	adjective	slv
drastičan	adjective	hbs	drastičen	adjective	slv
energičan	adjective	hbs	energičen	adjective	slv
energičan	adjective	hbs	energičen	adjective	slv
energičan	adjective	hbs	energičen	adjective	slv
energičan	adjective	hbs	energičen	adjective	slv
neozbiljan	adjective	hbs	neresen	adjective	slv
neozbiljan	adjective	hbs	neresen	adjective	slv
neozbiljan	adjective	hbs	neresen	adjective	slv
neozbiljan	adjective	hbs	neresen	adjective	slv
optimalan	adjective	hbs	optimalen	adjective	slv
optimalan	adjective	hbs	optimalen	adjective	slv
optimalan	adjective	hbs	optimalen	adjective	slv
optimalan	adjective	hbs	optimalen	adjective	slv
selektivan	adjective	hbs	selektiven	adjective	slv
selektivan	adjective	hbs	selektiven	adjective	slv
selektivan	adjective	hbs	selektiven	adjective	slv
selektivan	adjective	hbs	selektiven	adjective	slv
mio	adjective	hbs	zal	adjective	slv
mio	adjective	hbs	zal	adjective	slv
mio	adjective	hbs	zal	adjective	slv
mio	adjective	hbs	zal	adjective	slv
kiseo	adjective	hbs	kiselkast	adjective	slv
kiseo	adjective	hbs	kiselkast	adjective	slv
kiseo	adjective	hbs	kiselkast	adjective	slv
kiseo	adjective	hbs	kiselkast	adjective	slv
kiseo	adjective	hbs	kisel	adjective	slv
kiseo	adjective	hbs	kisel	adjective	slv
kiseo	adjective	hbs	kisel	adjective	slv
kiseo	adjective	hbs	kisel	adjective	slv
veseo	adjective	hbs	prešeren	adjective	slv
veseo	adjective	hbs	prešeren	adjective	slv
veseo	adjective	hbs	prešeren	adjective	slv
veseo	adjective	hbs	prešeren	adjective	slv
veseo	adjective	hbs	radoživ	adjective	slv
veseo	adjective	hbs	radoživ	adjective	slv
veseo	adjective	hbs	radoživ	adjective	slv
veseo	adjective	hbs	radoživ	adjective	slv
veseo	adjective	hbs	veseljaški	adjective	slv
veseo	adjective	hbs	veseljaški	adjective	slv
veseo	adjective	hbs	veseljaški	adjective	slv
veseo	adjective	hbs	veseljaški	adjective	slv
neveseo	adjective	hbs	nevesel	adjective	slv
neveseo	adjective	hbs	nevesel	adjective	slv
neveseo	adjective	hbs	nevesel	adjective	slv
neveseo	adjective	hbs	nevesel	adjective	slv
okorio	adjective	hbs	okorel	adjective	slv
okorio	adjective	hbs	okorel	adjective	slv
okorio	adjective	hbs	okorel	adjective	slv
okorio	adjective	hbs	okorel	adjective	slv
vruć	adjective	hbs	vroč	adjective	slv
vruć	adjective	hbs	vroč	adjective	slv
vruć	adjective	hbs	vroč	adjective	slv
vruć	adjective	hbs	vroč	adjective	slv
gorak	adjective	hbs	grenek	adjective	slv
gorak	adjective	hbs	grenek	adjective	slv
gorak	adjective	hbs	grenek	adjective	slv
gorak	adjective	hbs	grenek	adjective	slv
vitak	adjective	hbs	slok	adjective	slv
vitak	adjective	hbs	slok	adjective	slv
vitak	adjective	hbs	slok	adjective	slv
vitak	adjective	hbs	slok	adjective	slv
vitak	adjective	hbs	vitek	adjective	slv
vitak	adjective	hbs	vitek	adjective	slv
vitak	adjective	hbs	vitek	adjective	slv
vitak	adjective	hbs	vitek	adjective	slv
krhak	adjective	hbs	krhek	adjective	slv
krhak	adjective	hbs	krhek	adjective	slv
krhak	adjective	hbs	krhek	adjective	slv
krhak	adjective	hbs	krhek	adjective	slv
tanak	adjective	hbs	tenak	adjective	slv
tanak	adjective	hbs	tenak	adjective	slv
tanak	adjective	hbs	tenak	adjective	slv
tanak	adjective	hbs	tenak	adjective	slv
tanak	adjective	hbs	tanek	adjective	slv
tanak	adjective	hbs	tanek	adjective	slv
tanak	adjective	hbs	tanek	adjective	slv
tanak	adjective	hbs	tanek	adjective	slv
tanak	adjective	hbs	suhljat	adjective	slv
tanak	adjective	hbs	suhljat	adjective	slv
tanak	adjective	hbs	suhljat	adjective	slv
tanak	adjective	hbs	suhljat	adjective	slv
prepoznatljiv	adjective	hbs	prepoznaven	adjective	slv
prepoznatljiv	adjective	hbs	prepoznaven	adjective	slv
prepoznatljiv	adjective	hbs	prepoznaven	adjective	slv
prepoznatljiv	adjective	hbs	prepoznaven	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	barvast	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	barvast	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	barvast	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	barvast	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	barven	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	barven	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	barven	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	barven	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	obarvan	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	obarvan	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	obarvan	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	obarvan	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	pobarvan	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	pobarvan	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	pobarvan	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	pobarvan	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	prebarvan	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	prebarvan	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	prebarvan	adjective	slv
obojen	adjective	hbs	prebarvan	adjective	slv
zdepast	adjective	hbs	čokat	adjective	slv
zdepast	adjective	hbs	čokat	adjective	slv
zdepast	adjective	hbs	čokat	adjective	slv
zdepast	adjective	hbs	čokat	adjective	slv
dojmljiv	adjective	hbs	dovzeten	adjective	slv
dojmljiv	adjective	hbs	dovzeten	adjective	slv
dojmljiv	adjective	hbs	dovzeten	adjective	slv
dojmljiv	adjective	hbs	dovzeten	adjective	slv
neodrediv	adjective	hbs	nedoločljiv	adjective	slv
neodrediv	adjective	hbs	nedoločljiv	adjective	slv
neodrediv	adjective	hbs	nedoločljiv	adjective	slv
neodrediv	adjective	hbs	nedoločljiv	adjective	slv
neosjetljiv	adjective	hbs	neobčutljiv	adjective	slv
neosjetljiv	adjective	hbs	neobčutljiv	adjective	slv
neosjetljiv	adjective	hbs	neobčutljiv	adjective	slv
neosjetljiv	adjective	hbs	neobčutljiv	adjective	slv
nezanimljiv	adjective	hbs	nezanimiv	adjective	slv
nezanimljiv	adjective	hbs	nezanimiv	adjective	slv
nezanimljiv	adjective	hbs	nezanimiv	adjective	slv
nezanimljiv	adjective	hbs	nezanimiv	adjective	slv
razumljiv	adjective	hbs	razumljiv	adjective	slv
razumljiv	adjective	hbs	razumljiv	adjective	slv
razumljiv	adjective	hbs	razumljiv	adjective	slv
razumljiv	adjective	hbs	razumljiv	adjective	slv
uvjerljiv	adjective	hbs	prepričljiv	adjective	slv
uvjerljiv	adjective	hbs	prepričljiv	adjective	slv
uvjerljiv	adjective	hbs	prepričljiv	adjective	slv
uvjerljiv	adjective	hbs	prepričljiv	adjective	slv
uvredljiv	adjective	hbs	žaljiv	adjective	slv
uvredljiv	adjective	hbs	žaljiv	adjective	slv
uvredljiv	adjective	hbs	žaljiv	adjective	slv
uvredljiv	adjective	hbs	žaljiv	adjective	slv
uzbudljiv	adjective	hbs	razburljiv	adjective	slv
uzbudljiv	adjective	hbs	razburljiv	adjective	slv
uzbudljiv	adjective	hbs	razburljiv	adjective	slv
uzbudljiv	adjective	hbs	razburljiv	adjective	slv
uzbudljiv	adjective	hbs	vznemirljiv	adjective	slv
uzbudljiv	adjective	hbs	vznemirljiv	adjective	slv
uzbudljiv	adjective	hbs	vznemirljiv	adjective	slv
uzbudljiv	adjective	hbs	vznemirljiv	adjective	slv
odsutan	adjective	hbs	odsoten	adjective	slv
odsutan	adjective	hbs	odsoten	adjective	slv
odsutan	adjective	hbs	odsoten	adjective	slv
odsutan	adjective	hbs	odsoten	adjective	slv
akutan	adjective	hbs	akuten	adjective	slv
akutan	adjective	hbs	akuten	adjective	slv
akutan	adjective	hbs	akuten	adjective	slv
akutan	adjective	hbs	akuten	adjective	slv
arhaičan	adjective	hbs	arhaičen	adjective	slv
arhaičan	adjective	hbs	arhaičen	adjective	slv
arhaičan	adjective	hbs	arhaičen	adjective	slv
arhaičan	adjective	hbs	arhaičen	adjective	slv
bezopasan	adjective	hbs	nenevaren	adjective	slv
bezopasan	adjective	hbs	nenevaren	adjective	slv
bezopasan	adjective	hbs	nenevaren	adjective	slv
bezopasan	adjective	hbs	nenevaren	adjective	slv
bezopasan	adjective	hbs	neškodljiv	adjective	slv
bezopasan	adjective	hbs	neškodljiv	adjective	slv
bezopasan	adjective	hbs	neškodljiv	adjective	slv
bezopasan	adjective	hbs	neškodljiv	adjective	slv
bijedan	adjective	hbs	boren	adjective	slv
bijedan	adjective	hbs	boren	adjective	slv
bijedan	adjective	hbs	boren	adjective	slv
bijedan	adjective	hbs	boren	adjective	slv
bitan	adjective	hbs	bistven	adjective	slv
bitan	adjective	hbs	bistven	adjective	slv
bitan	adjective	hbs	bistven	adjective	slv
bitan	adjective	hbs	bistven	adjective	slv
bučan	adjective	hbs	bučen	adjective	slv
bučan	adjective	hbs	bučen	adjective	slv
bučan	adjective	hbs	bučen	adjective	slv
bučan	adjective	hbs	bučen	adjective	slv
budan	adjective	hbs	čuječen	adjective	slv
budan	adjective	hbs	čuječen	adjective	slv
budan	adjective	hbs	čuječen	adjective	slv
budan	adjective	hbs	čuječen	adjective	slv
budan	adjective	hbs	zbujen	adjective	slv
budan	adjective	hbs	zbujen	adjective	slv
budan	adjective	hbs	zbujen	adjective	slv
budan	adjective	hbs	zbujen	adjective	slv
budan	adjective	hbs	buden	adjective	slv
budan	adjective	hbs	buden	adjective	slv
budan	adjective	hbs	buden	adjective	slv
budan	adjective	hbs	buden	adjective	slv
bujan	adjective	hbs	bujen	adjective	slv
bujan	adjective	hbs	bujen	adjective	slv
bujan	adjective	hbs	bujen	adjective	slv
bujan	adjective	hbs	bujen	adjective	slv
buran	adjective	hbs	rjoveč	adjective	slv
buran	adjective	hbs	rjoveč	adjective	slv
buran	adjective	hbs	rjoveč	adjective	slv
buran	adjective	hbs	rjoveč	adjective	slv
degenerativan	adjective	hbs	degenerativen	adjective	slv
degenerativan	adjective	hbs	degenerativen	adjective	slv
degenerativan	adjective	hbs	degenerativen	adjective	slv
degenerativan	adjective	hbs	degenerativen	adjective	slv
depresivan	adjective	hbs	moreč	adjective	slv
depresivan	adjective	hbs	moreč	adjective	slv
depresivan	adjective	hbs	moreč	adjective	slv
depresivan	adjective	hbs	moreč	adjective	slv
depresivan	adjective	hbs	depresiven	adjective	slv
depresivan	adjective	hbs	depresiven	adjective	slv
depresivan	adjective	hbs	depresiven	adjective	slv
depresivan	adjective	hbs	depresiven	adjective	slv
dokumentaran	adjective	hbs	dokumentaren	adjective	slv
dokumentaran	adjective	hbs	dokumentaren	adjective	slv
dokumentaran	adjective	hbs	dokumentaren	adjective	slv
dokumentaran	adjective	hbs	dokumentaren	adjective	slv
dominantan	adjective	hbs	prevladujoč	adjective	slv
dominantan	adjective	hbs	prevladujoč	adjective	slv
dominantan	adjective	hbs	prevladujoč	adjective	slv
dominantan	adjective	hbs	prevladujoč	adjective	slv
dominantan	adjective	hbs	gospodovalen	adjective	slv
dominantan	adjective	hbs	gospodovalen	adjective	slv
dominantan	adjective	hbs	gospodovalen	adjective	slv
dominantan	adjective	hbs	gospodovalen	adjective	slv
dominantan	adjective	hbs	dominanten	adjective	slv
dominantan	adjective	hbs	dominanten	adjective	slv
dominantan	adjective	hbs	dominanten	adjective	slv
dominantan	adjective	hbs	dominanten	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	mučen	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	mučen	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	mučen	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	mučen	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	naveličan	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	naveličan	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	naveličan	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	naveličan	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	zdolgočasen	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	zdolgočasen	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	zdolgočasen	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	zdolgočasen	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	siten	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	siten	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	siten	adjective	slv
dosadan	adjective	hbs	siten	adjective	slv
dosljedan	adjective	hbs	dosleden	adjective	slv
dosljedan	adjective	hbs	dosleden	adjective	slv
dosljedan	adjective	hbs	dosleden	adjective	slv
dosljedan	adjective	hbs	dosleden	adjective	slv
dosljedan	adjective	hbs	skladen	adjective	slv
dosljedan	adjective	hbs	skladen	adjective	slv
dosljedan	adjective	hbs	skladen	adjective	slv
dosljedan	adjective	hbs	skladen	adjective	slv
dostupan	adjective	hbs	dostopen	adjective	slv
dostupan	adjective	hbs	dostopen	adjective	slv
dostupan	adjective	hbs	dostopen	adjective	slv
dostupan	adjective	hbs	dostopen	adjective	slv
dostupan	adjective	hbs	razpoložljiv	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	gibek	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	gibek	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	gibek	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	gibek	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	prilagodljiv	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	prilagodljiv	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	prilagodljiv	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	prilagodljiv	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	prožen	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	prožen	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	prožen	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	prožen	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	gibljiv	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	gibljiv	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	gibljiv	adjective	slv
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	gibljiv	adjective	slv
genijalan	adjective	hbs	genialen	adjective	slv
genijalan	adjective	hbs	genialen	adjective	slv
genijalan	adjective	hbs	genialen	adjective	slv
genijalan	adjective	hbs	genialen	adjective	slv
glomazan	adjective	hbs	zajeten	adjective	slv
glomazan	adjective	hbs	zajeten	adjective	slv
glomazan	adjective	hbs	zajeten	adjective	slv
glomazan	adjective	hbs	zajeten	adjective	slv
grešan	adjective	hbs	grešen	adjective	slv
grešan	adjective	hbs	grešen	adjective	slv
grešan	adjective	hbs	grešen	adjective	slv
grešan	adjective	hbs	grešen	adjective	slv
inteligentan	adjective	hbs	inteligenčen	adjective	slv
inteligentan	adjective	hbs	inteligenčen	adjective	slv
inteligentan	adjective	hbs	inteligenčen	adjective	slv
inteligentan	adjective	hbs	inteligenčen	adjective	slv
inteligentan	adjective	hbs	inteligenten	adjective	slv
inteligentan	adjective	hbs	inteligenten	adjective	slv
inteligentan	adjective	hbs	inteligenten	adjective	slv
inteligentan	adjective	hbs	inteligenten	adjective	slv
izvanredan	adjective	hbs	izreden	adjective	slv
izvanredan	adjective	hbs	izreden	adjective	slv
izvanredan	adjective	hbs	izreden	adjective	slv
izvanredan	adjective	hbs	izreden	adjective	slv
kompleksan	adjective	hbs	zapleten	adjective	slv
kompleksan	adjective	hbs	zapleten	adjective	slv
kompleksan	adjective	hbs	zapleten	adjective	slv
kompleksan	adjective	hbs	zapleten	adjective	slv
konzervativan	adjective	hbs	konservativen	adjective	slv
konzervativan	adjective	hbs	konservativen	adjective	slv
konzervativan	adjective	hbs	konservativen	adjective	slv
konzervativan	adjective	hbs	konservativen	adjective	slv
kratkotrajan	adjective	hbs	kratkotrajen	adjective	slv
kratkotrajan	adjective	hbs	kratkotrajen	adjective	slv
kratkotrajan	adjective	hbs	kratkotrajen	adjective	slv
kratkotrajan	adjective	hbs	kratkotrajen	adjective	slv
kreativan	adjective	hbs	ustvarjalen	adjective	slv
kreativan	adjective	hbs	ustvarjalen	adjective	slv
kreativan	adjective	hbs	ustvarjalen	adjective	slv
kreativan	adjective	hbs	ustvarjalen	adjective	slv
kvalitetan	adjective	hbs	kakovosten	adjective	slv
kvalitetan	adjective	hbs	kakovosten	adjective	slv
kvalitetan	adjective	hbs	kakovosten	adjective	slv
kvalitetan	adjective	hbs	kakovosten	adjective	slv
lagodan	adjective	hbs	lagoden	adjective	slv
lagodan	adjective	hbs	lagoden	adjective	slv
lagodan	adjective	hbs	lagoden	adjective	slv
lagodan	adjective	hbs	lagoden	adjective	slv
masivan	adjective	hbs	množičen	adjective	slv
masivan	adjective	hbs	množičen	adjective	slv
masivan	adjective	hbs	množičen	adjective	slv
masivan	adjective	hbs	množičen	adjective	slv
mjerodavan	adjective	hbs	avtoritativen	adjective	slv
mjerodavan	adjective	hbs	avtoritativen	adjective	slv
mjerodavan	adjective	hbs	avtoritativen	adjective	slv
mjerodavan	adjective	hbs	avtoritativen	adjective	slv
mutan	adjective	hbs	kalen	adjective	slv
mutan	adjective	hbs	kalen	adjective	slv
mutan	adjective	hbs	kalen	adjective	slv
mutan	adjective	hbs	kalen	adjective	slv
napredan	adjective	hbs	napreden	adjective	slv
napredan	adjective	hbs	napreden	adjective	slv
napredan	adjective	hbs	napreden	adjective	slv
napredan	adjective	hbs	napreden	adjective	slv
nasilan	adjective	hbs	nasilen	adjective	slv
nasilan	adjective	hbs	nasilen	adjective	slv
nasilan	adjective	hbs	nasilen	adjective	slv
nasilan	adjective	hbs	nasilen	adjective	slv
nedosljedan	adjective	hbs	nedosleden	adjective	slv
nedosljedan	adjective	hbs	nedosleden	adjective	slv
nedosljedan	adjective	hbs	nedosleden	adjective	slv
nedosljedan	adjective	hbs	nedosleden	adjective	slv
neiscrpan	adjective	hbs	neizčrpen	adjective	slv
neiscrpan	adjective	hbs	neizčrpen	adjective	slv
neiscrpan	adjective	hbs	neizčrpen	adjective	slv
neiscrpan	adjective	hbs	neizčrpen	adjective	slv
iscrpan	adjective	hbs	izčrpen	adjective	slv
iscrpan	adjective	hbs	izčrpen	adjective	slv
iscrpan	adjective	hbs	izčrpen	adjective	slv
iscrpan	adjective	hbs	izčrpen	adjective	slv
nejasan	adjective	hbs	nejasen	adjective	slv
nejasan	adjective	hbs	nejasen	adjective	slv
nejasan	adjective	hbs	nejasen	adjective	slv
nejasan	adjective	hbs	nejasen	adjective	slv
nejasan	adjective	hbs	megličast	adjective	slv
nejasan	adjective	hbs	megličast	adjective	slv
nejasan	adjective	hbs	megličast	adjective	slv
nejasan	adjective	hbs	megličast	adjective	slv
nejasan	adjective	hbs	zabrisan	adjective	slv
nejasan	adjective	hbs	zabrisan	adjective	slv
nejasan	adjective	hbs	zabrisan	adjective	slv
nejasan	adjective	hbs	zabrisan	adjective	slv
neosporan	adjective	hbs	nesporen	adjective	slv
neosporan	adjective	hbs	nesporen	adjective	slv
neosporan	adjective	hbs	nesporen	adjective	slv
neosporan	adjective	hbs	nesporen	adjective	slv
nepotreban	adjective	hbs	nepotreben	adjective	slv
nepotreban	adjective	hbs	nepotreben	adjective	slv
nepotreban	adjective	hbs	nepotreben	adjective	slv
nepotreban	adjective	hbs	nepotreben	adjective	slv
nepravilan	adjective	hbs	nereden	adjective	slv
nepravilan	adjective	hbs	nereden	adjective	slv
nepravilan	adjective	hbs	nereden	adjective	slv
nepravilan	adjective	hbs	nereden	adjective	slv
neprikladan	adjective	hbs	neprimeren	adjective	slv
neprikladan	adjective	hbs	neprimeren	adjective	slv
neprikladan	adjective	hbs	neprimeren	adjective	slv
neprikladan	adjective	hbs	neprimeren	adjective	slv
neprikladan	adjective	hbs	neumesten	adjective	slv
neprikladan	adjective	hbs	neumesten	adjective	slv
neprikladan	adjective	hbs	neumesten	adjective	slv
neprikladan	adjective	hbs	neumesten	adjective	slv
nepriličan	adjective	hbs	spotakljiv	adjective	slv
nepriličan	adjective	hbs	spotakljiv	adjective	slv
nepriličan	adjective	hbs	spotakljiv	adjective	slv
nepriličan	adjective	hbs	spotakljiv	adjective	slv
neprimjetan	adjective	hbs	neopazen	adjective	slv
neprimjetan	adjective	hbs	neopazen	adjective	slv
neprimjetan	adjective	hbs	neopazen	adjective	slv
neprimjetan	adjective	hbs	neopazen	adjective	slv
nerazuman	adjective	hbs	nerazumen	adjective	slv
nerazuman	adjective	hbs	nerazumen	adjective	slv
nerazuman	adjective	hbs	nerazumen	adjective	slv
nerazuman	adjective	hbs	nerazumen	adjective	slv
nerealan	adjective	hbs	nerealen	adjective	slv
nerealan	adjective	hbs	nerealen	adjective	slv
nerealan	adjective	hbs	nerealen	adjective	slv
nerealan	adjective	hbs	nerealen	adjective	slv
nerealan	adjective	hbs	neuresničljiv	adjective	slv
nerealan	adjective	hbs	neuresničljiv	adjective	slv
nerealan	adjective	hbs	neuresničljiv	adjective	slv
nerealan	adjective	hbs	neuresničljiv	adjective	slv
neslavan	adjective	hbs	neslaven	adjective	slv
neslavan	adjective	hbs	neslaven	adjective	slv
neslavan	adjective	hbs	neslaven	adjective	slv
neslavan	adjective	hbs	neslaven	adjective	slv
nesposoban	adjective	hbs	nezmožen	adjective	slv
nesposoban	adjective	hbs	nezmožen	adjective	slv
nesposoban	adjective	hbs	nezmožen	adjective	slv
nesposoban	adjective	hbs	nezmožen	adjective	slv
nesposoban	adjective	hbs	nesposoben	adjective	slv
nesposoban	adjective	hbs	nesposoben	adjective	slv
nesposoban	adjective	hbs	nesposoben	adjective	slv
nesposoban	adjective	hbs	nesposoben	adjective	slv
nespretan	adjective	hbs	nespreten	adjective	slv
nespretan	adjective	hbs	nespreten	adjective	slv
nespretan	adjective	hbs	nespreten	adjective	slv
nespretan	adjective	hbs	nespreten	adjective	slv
nestabilan	adjective	hbs	nestabilen	adjective	slv
nestabilan	adjective	hbs	nestabilen	adjective	slv
nestabilan	adjective	hbs	nestabilen	adjective	slv
nestabilan	adjective	hbs	nestabilen	adjective	slv
nestalan	adjective	hbs	nestalen	adjective	slv
nestalan	adjective	hbs	nestalen	adjective	slv
nestalan	adjective	hbs	nestalen	adjective	slv
nestalan	adjective	hbs	nestalen	adjective	slv
kreditan	adjective	hbs	krediten	adjective	slv
kreditno	adverb	hbs	kreditno	adverb	slv
stalan	adjective	hbs	stalen	adjective	slv
stalan	adjective	hbs	stalen	adjective	slv
stalan	adjective	hbs	stalen	adjective	slv
stalan	adjective	hbs	stalen	adjective	slv
netočan	adjective	hbs	nepravilen	adjective	slv
netočan	adjective	hbs	nepravilen	adjective	slv
netočan	adjective	hbs	nepravilen	adjective	slv
netočan	adjective	hbs	nepravilen	adjective	slv
netočan	adjective	hbs	nekorekten	adjective	slv
netočan	adjective	hbs	nekorekten	adjective	slv
netočan	adjective	hbs	nekorekten	adjective	slv
netočan	adjective	hbs	nekorekten	adjective	slv
netočan	adjective	hbs	netočen	adjective	slv
netočan	adjective	hbs	netočen	adjective	slv
netočan	adjective	hbs	netočen	adjective	slv
netočan	adjective	hbs	netočen	adjective	slv
neudoban	adjective	hbs	neudoben	adjective	slv
neudoban	adjective	hbs	neudoben	adjective	slv
neudoban	adjective	hbs	neudoben	adjective	slv
neudoban	adjective	hbs	neudoben	adjective	slv
prometno	adverb	hbs	prometno	adverb	slv
prometan	adjective	hbs	prometen	adjective	slv
prometan	adjective	hbs	prometen	adjective	slv
prometan	adjective	hbs	prometen	adjective	slv
prometan	adjective	hbs	prometen	adjective	slv
uvodan	adjective	hbs	uvoden	adjective	slv
uvodno	adverb	hbs	uvodno	adverb	slv
neugodan	adjective	hbs	neljub	adjective	slv
neugodan	adjective	hbs	neljub	adjective	slv
neugodan	adjective	hbs	neljub	adjective	slv
neugodan	adjective	hbs	neljub	adjective	slv
neugodan	adjective	hbs	neprijeten	adjective	slv
neugodan	adjective	hbs	neprijeten	adjective	slv
neugodan	adjective	hbs	neprijeten	adjective	slv
neugodan	adjective	hbs	neprijeten	adjective	slv
neuspješan	adjective	hbs	neuspešen	adjective	slv
neuspješan	adjective	hbs	neuspešen	adjective	slv
neuspješan	adjective	hbs	neuspešen	adjective	slv
neuspješan	adjective	hbs	neuspešen	adjective	slv
nevjerojatan	adjective	hbs	neverjeten	adjective	slv
nevjerojatan	adjective	hbs	neverjeten	adjective	slv
nevjerojatan	adjective	hbs	neverjeten	adjective	slv
nevjerojatan	adjective	hbs	neverjeten	adjective	slv
nevjerojatan	adjective	hbs	osupljiv	adjective	slv
nevjerojatan	adjective	hbs	osupljiv	adjective	slv
nevjerojatan	adjective	hbs	osupljiv	adjective	slv
nevjerojatan	adjective	hbs	osupljiv	adjective	slv
nježan	adjective	hbs	svilnat	adjective	slv
nježan	adjective	hbs	svilnat	adjective	slv
nježan	adjective	hbs	svilnat	adjective	slv
nježan	adjective	hbs	svilnat	adjective	slv
nježan	adjective	hbs	lahen	adjective	slv
nježan	adjective	hbs	lahen	adjective	slv
nježan	adjective	hbs	lahen	adjective	slv
nježan	adjective	hbs	lahen	adjective	slv
nježan	adjective	hbs	vdan	adjective	slv
nježan	adjective	hbs	vdan	adjective	slv
nježan	adjective	hbs	vdan	adjective	slv
nježan	adjective	hbs	vdan	adjective	slv
objektivan	adjective	hbs	objektiven	adjective	slv
objektivan	adjective	hbs	objektiven	adjective	slv
objektivan	adjective	hbs	objektiven	adjective	slv
objektivan	adjective	hbs	objektiven	adjective	slv
odličan	adjective	hbs	odličen	adjective	slv
odličan	adjective	hbs	odličen	adjective	slv
odličan	adjective	hbs	odličen	adjective	slv
odličan	adjective	hbs	odličen	adjective	slv
odvažan	adjective	hbs	smel	adjective	slv
odvažan	adjective	hbs	smel	adjective	slv
odvažan	adjective	hbs	smel	adjective	slv
odvažan	adjective	hbs	smel	adjective	slv
okretan	adjective	hbs	okreten	adjective	slv
okretan	adjective	hbs	okreten	adjective	slv
okretan	adjective	hbs	okreten	adjective	slv
okretan	adjective	hbs	okreten	adjective	slv
okretan	adjective	hbs	vrtljiv	adjective	slv
okretan	adjective	hbs	vrtljiv	adjective	slv
okretan	adjective	hbs	vrtljiv	adjective	slv
okretan	adjective	hbs	vrtljiv	adjective	slv
okretan	adjective	hbs	gibčen	adjective	slv
okretan	adjective	hbs	gibčen	adjective	slv
okretan	adjective	hbs	gibčen	adjective	slv
okretan	adjective	hbs	gibčen	adjective	slv
okrutan	adjective	hbs	okruten	adjective	slv
okrutan	adjective	hbs	okruten	adjective	slv
okrutan	adjective	hbs	okruten	adjective	slv
okrutan	adjective	hbs	okruten	adjective	slv
opsežan	adjective	hbs	vseobsegajoč	adjective	slv
opsežan	adjective	hbs	vseobsegajoč	adjective	slv
opsežan	adjective	hbs	vseobsegajoč	adjective	slv
opsežan	adjective	hbs	vseobsegajoč	adjective	slv
opsežan	adjective	hbs	izčrpen	adjective	slv
opsežan	adjective	hbs	izčrpen	adjective	slv
opsežan	adjective	hbs	izčrpen	adjective	slv
opsežan	adjective	hbs	izčrpen	adjective	slv
otporan	adjective	hbs	odporen	adjective	slv
otporan	adjective	hbs	odporen	adjective	slv
otporan	adjective	hbs	odporen	adjective	slv
otporan	adjective	hbs	odporen	adjective	slv
pohlepan	adjective	hbs	pohlepen	adjective	slv
pohlepan	adjective	hbs	pohlepen	adjective	slv
pohlepan	adjective	hbs	pohlepen	adjective	slv
pohlepan	adjective	hbs	pohlepen	adjective	slv
pohlepan	adjective	hbs	požrešen	adjective	slv
pohlepan	adjective	hbs	požrešen	adjective	slv
pohlepan	adjective	hbs	požrešen	adjective	slv
pohlepan	adjective	hbs	požrešen	adjective	slv
pohlepan	adjective	hbs	pogolten	adjective	slv
pohlepan	adjective	hbs	pogolten	adjective	slv
pohlepan	adjective	hbs	pogolten	adjective	slv
pohlepan	adjective	hbs	pogolten	adjective	slv
pokoran	adjective	hbs	pokorjen	adjective	slv
pokoran	adjective	hbs	pokorjen	adjective	slv
pokoran	adjective	hbs	pokorjen	adjective	slv
pokoran	adjective	hbs	pokorjen	adjective	slv
popularan	adjective	hbs	popularen	adjective	slv
popularan	adjective	hbs	popularen	adjective	slv
popularan	adjective	hbs	popularen	adjective	slv
popularan	adjective	hbs	popularen	adjective	slv
popularan	adjective	hbs	priljubljen	adjective	slv
popularan	adjective	hbs	priljubljen	adjective	slv
popularan	adjective	hbs	priljubljen	adjective	slv
popularan	adjective	hbs	priljubljen	adjective	slv
poslušan	adjective	hbs	pokoren	adjective	slv
poslušan	adjective	hbs	pokoren	adjective	slv
poslušan	adjective	hbs	pokoren	adjective	slv
poslušan	adjective	hbs	pokoren	adjective	slv
poslušan	adjective	hbs	ubogljiv	adjective	slv
poslušan	adjective	hbs	ubogljiv	adjective	slv
poslušan	adjective	hbs	ubogljiv	adjective	slv
poslušan	adjective	hbs	ubogljiv	adjective	slv
poslušan	adjective	hbs	poslušen	adjective	slv
poslušan	adjective	hbs	poslušen	adjective	slv
poslušan	adjective	hbs	poslušen	adjective	slv
poslušan	adjective	hbs	poslušen	adjective	slv
posredan	adjective	hbs	poševen	adjective	slv
posredan	adjective	hbs	poševen	adjective	slv
posredan	adjective	hbs	poševen	adjective	slv
posredan	adjective	hbs	poševen	adjective	slv
posredan	adjective	hbs	posreden	adjective	slv
posredan	adjective	hbs	posreden	adjective	slv
posredan	adjective	hbs	posreden	adjective	slv
posredan	adjective	hbs	posreden	adjective	slv
prestižan	adjective	hbs	prestižen	adjective	slv
prestižan	adjective	hbs	prestižen	adjective	slv
prestižan	adjective	hbs	prestižen	adjective	slv
prestižan	adjective	hbs	prestižen	adjective	slv
delegiran	adjective	hbs	delegiran	adjective	slv
delegirano	adverb	hbs	delegirano	adverb	slv
preziran	adjective	hbs	preziran	adjective	slv
preziran	adjective	hbs	preziran	adjective	slv
preziran	adjective	hbs	preziran	adjective	slv
preziran	adjective	hbs	preziran	adjective	slv
prikladan	adjective	hbs	primeren	adjective	slv
prikladan	adjective	hbs	primeren	adjective	slv
prikladan	adjective	hbs	primeren	adjective	slv
prikladan	adjective	hbs	primeren	adjective	slv
prikladan	adjective	hbs	ustrezen	adjective	slv
prikladan	adjective	hbs	ustrezen	adjective	slv
prikladan	adjective	hbs	ustrezen	adjective	slv
prikladan	adjective	hbs	ustrezen	adjective	slv
primitivan	adjective	hbs	primitiven	adjective	slv
primitivan	adjective	hbs	primitiven	adjective	slv
primitivan	adjective	hbs	primitiven	adjective	slv
primitivan	adjective	hbs	primitiven	adjective	slv
primjeran	adjective	hbs	zgleden	adjective	slv
primjeran	adjective	hbs	zgleden	adjective	slv
primjeran	adjective	hbs	zgleden	adjective	slv
primjeran	adjective	hbs	zgleden	adjective	slv
primjetan	adjective	hbs	opazen	adjective	slv
primjetan	adjective	hbs	opazen	adjective	slv
primjetan	adjective	hbs	opazen	adjective	slv
primjetan	adjective	hbs	opazen	adjective	slv
pristojan	adjective	hbs	vljuden	adjective	slv
pristojan	adjective	hbs	vljuden	adjective	slv
pristojan	adjective	hbs	vljuden	adjective	slv
pristojan	adjective	hbs	vljuden	adjective	slv
pristojan	adjective	hbs	spodoben	adjective	slv
pristojan	adjective	hbs	spodoben	adjective	slv
pristojan	adjective	hbs	spodoben	adjective	slv
pristojan	adjective	hbs	spodoben	adjective	slv
prodoran	adjective	hbs	prodoren	adjective	slv
prodoran	adjective	hbs	prodoren	adjective	slv
prodoran	adjective	hbs	prodoren	adjective	slv
prodoran	adjective	hbs	prodoren	adjective	slv
radioaktivan	adjective	hbs	radioaktiven	adjective	slv
radioaktivan	adjective	hbs	radioaktiven	adjective	slv
radioaktivan	adjective	hbs	radioaktiven	adjective	slv
radioaktivan	adjective	hbs	radioaktiven	adjective	slv
raskošan	adjective	hbs	baročen	adjective	slv
raskošan	adjective	hbs	baročen	adjective	slv
raskošan	adjective	hbs	baročen	adjective	slv
raskošan	adjective	hbs	baročen	adjective	slv
razuman	adjective	hbs	razumen	adjective	slv
razuman	adjective	hbs	razumen	adjective	slv
razuman	adjective	hbs	razumen	adjective	slv
razuman	adjective	hbs	razumen	adjective	slv
ritmičan	adjective	hbs	ritmičen	adjective	slv
ritmičan	adjective	hbs	ritmičen	adjective	slv
ritmičan	adjective	hbs	ritmičen	adjective	slv
ritmičan	adjective	hbs	ritmičen	adjective	slv
siromašan	adjective	hbs	ubog	adjective	slv
siromašan	adjective	hbs	ubog	adjective	slv
siromašan	adjective	hbs	ubog	adjective	slv
siromašan	adjective	hbs	ubog	adjective	slv
siromašan	adjective	hbs	uboren	adjective	slv
siromašan	adjective	hbs	uboren	adjective	slv
siromašan	adjective	hbs	uboren	adjective	slv
siromašan	adjective	hbs	uboren	adjective	slv
skladan	adjective	hbs	skladen	adjective	slv
skladan	adjective	hbs	skladen	adjective	slv
skladan	adjective	hbs	skladen	adjective	slv
skladan	adjective	hbs	skladen	adjective	slv
skladan	adjective	hbs	složen	adjective	slv
skladan	adjective	hbs	složen	adjective	slv
skladan	adjective	hbs	složen	adjective	slv
skladan	adjective	hbs	složen	adjective	slv
skladan	adjective	hbs	ubran	adjective	slv
skladan	adjective	hbs	ubran	adjective	slv
skladan	adjective	hbs	ubran	adjective	slv
skladan	adjective	hbs	ubran	adjective	slv
ispušan	adjective	hbs	izpušen	adjective	slv
smiješan	adjective	hbs	hecen	adjective	slv
smiješan	adjective	hbs	hecen	adjective	slv
smiješan	adjective	hbs	hecen	adjective	slv
smiješan	adjective	hbs	hecen	adjective	slv
smiješan	adjective	hbs	špasen	adjective	slv
smiješan	adjective	hbs	špasen	adjective	slv
smiješan	adjective	hbs	špasen	adjective	slv
smiješan	adjective	hbs	špasen	adjective	slv
sočan	adjective	hbs	sočen	adjective	slv
sočan	adjective	hbs	sočen	adjective	slv
sočan	adjective	hbs	sočen	adjective	slv
sočan	adjective	hbs	sočen	adjective	slv
spektakularan	adjective	hbs	spektakularen	adjective	slv
spektakularan	adjective	hbs	spektakularen	adjective	slv
spektakularan	adjective	hbs	spektakularen	adjective	slv
spektakularan	adjective	hbs	spektakularen	adjective	slv
sposoban	adjective	hbs	zmožen	adjective	slv
sposoban	adjective	hbs	zmožen	adjective	slv
sposoban	adjective	hbs	zmožen	adjective	slv
sposoban	adjective	hbs	zmožen	adjective	slv
sposoban	adjective	hbs	sposoben	adjective	slv
sposoban	adjective	hbs	sposoben	adjective	slv
sposoban	adjective	hbs	sposoben	adjective	slv
sposoban	adjective	hbs	sposoben	adjective	slv
spretan	adjective	hbs	spreten	adjective	slv
spretan	adjective	hbs	spreten	adjective	slv
spretan	adjective	hbs	spreten	adjective	slv
spretan	adjective	hbs	spreten	adjective	slv
štetan	adjective	hbs	škodljiv	adjective	slv
štetan	adjective	hbs	škodljiv	adjective	slv
štetan	adjective	hbs	škodljiv	adjective	slv
štetan	adjective	hbs	škodljiv	adjective	slv
stručan	adjective	hbs	poklicen	adjective	slv
stručan	adjective	hbs	poklicen	adjective	slv
stručan	adjective	hbs	poklicen	adjective	slv
stručan	adjective	hbs	poklicen	adjective	slv
taman	adjective	hbs	temačen	adjective	slv
taman	adjective	hbs	temačen	adjective	slv
taman	adjective	hbs	temačen	adjective	slv
taman	adjective	hbs	temačen	adjective	slv
taman	adjective	hbs	mračen	adjective	slv
taman	adjective	hbs	mračen	adjective	slv
taman	adjective	hbs	mračen	adjective	slv
taman	adjective	hbs	mračen	adjective	slv
tolerantan	adjective	hbs	strpen	adjective	slv
tolerantan	adjective	hbs	strpen	adjective	slv
tolerantan	adjective	hbs	strpen	adjective	slv
tolerantan	adjective	hbs	strpen	adjective	slv
trijezan	adjective	hbs	trezen	adjective	slv
trijezan	adjective	hbs	trezen	adjective	slv
trijezan	adjective	hbs	trezen	adjective	slv
trijezan	adjective	hbs	trezen	adjective	slv
turoban	adjective	hbs	turoben	adjective	slv
turoban	adjective	hbs	turoben	adjective	slv
turoban	adjective	hbs	turoben	adjective	slv
turoban	adjective	hbs	turoben	adjective	slv
tužan	adjective	hbs	žalosten	adjective	slv
tužan	adjective	hbs	žalosten	adjective	slv
tužan	adjective	hbs	žalosten	adjective	slv
tužan	adjective	hbs	žalosten	adjective	slv
ukusan	adjective	hbs	okusen	adjective	slv
ukusan	adjective	hbs	okusen	adjective	slv
ukusan	adjective	hbs	okusen	adjective	slv
ukusan	adjective	hbs	okusen	adjective	slv
umjetan	adjective	hbs	umeten	adjective	slv
umjetan	adjective	hbs	umeten	adjective	slv
umjetan	adjective	hbs	umeten	adjective	slv
umjetan	adjective	hbs	umeten	adjective	slv
uporan	adjective	hbs	trdovraten	adjective	slv
uporan	adjective	hbs	trdovraten	adjective	slv
uporan	adjective	hbs	trdovraten	adjective	slv
uporan	adjective	hbs	trdovraten	adjective	slv
uporan	adjective	hbs	vztrajen	adjective	slv
uporan	adjective	hbs	vztrajen	adjective	slv
uporan	adjective	hbs	vztrajen	adjective	slv
uporan	adjective	hbs	vztrajen	adjective	slv
utjecajan	adjective	hbs	vpliven	adjective	slv
utjecajan	adjective	hbs	vpliven	adjective	slv
utjecajan	adjective	hbs	vpliven	adjective	slv
utjecajan	adjective	hbs	vpliven	adjective	slv
vjerodostojan	adjective	hbs	verodostojen	adjective	slv
vjerodostojan	adjective	hbs	verodostojen	adjective	slv
vjerodostojan	adjective	hbs	verodostojen	adjective	slv
vjerodostojan	adjective	hbs	verodostojen	adjective	slv
zahvalan	adjective	hbs	hvaležen	adjective	slv
zahvalan	adjective	hbs	hvaležen	adjective	slv
zahvalan	adjective	hbs	hvaležen	adjective	slv
zahvalan	adjective	hbs	hvaležen	adjective	slv
zaslužan	adjective	hbs	zaslužen	adjective	slv
zaslužan	adjective	hbs	zaslužen	adjective	slv
zaslužan	adjective	hbs	zaslužen	adjective	slv
zaslužan	adjective	hbs	zaslužen	adjective	slv
živahan	adjective	hbs	živahen	adjective	slv
živahan	adjective	hbs	živahen	adjective	slv
živahan	adjective	hbs	živahen	adjective	slv
živahan	adjective	hbs	živahen	adjective	slv
zloban	adjective	hbs	zloben	adjective	slv
zloban	adjective	hbs	zloben	adjective	slv
zloban	adjective	hbs	zloben	adjective	slv
zloban	adjective	hbs	zloben	adjective	slv
nezadovoljan	adjective	hbs	nezadovoljen	adjective	slv
nezadovoljan	adjective	hbs	nezadovoljen	adjective	slv
nezadovoljan	adjective	hbs	nezadovoljen	adjective	slv
nezadovoljan	adjective	hbs	nezadovoljen	adjective	slv
nenormalan	adjective	hbs	nenormalen	adjective	slv
nenormalan	adjective	hbs	nenormalen	adjective	slv
nenormalan	adjective	hbs	nenormalen	adjective	slv
nenormalan	adjective	hbs	nenormalen	adjective	slv
fragmentaran	adjective	hbs	fragmentaren	adjective	slv
fragmentaran	adjective	hbs	fragmentaren	adjective	slv
fragmentaran	adjective	hbs	fragmentaren	adjective	slv
fragmentaran	adjective	hbs	fragmentaren	adjective	slv
nepouzdan	adjective	hbs	nezanesljiv	adjective	slv
nepouzdan	adjective	hbs	nezanesljiv	adjective	slv
bogat	adjective	hbs	premožen	adjective	slv
bogat	adjective	hbs	premožen	adjective	slv
bogat	adjective	hbs	premožen	adjective	slv
bogat	adjective	hbs	premožen	adjective	slv
duhovit	adjective	hbs	duhovit	adjective	slv
duhovit	adjective	hbs	duhovit	adjective	slv
duhovit	adjective	hbs	duhovit	adjective	slv
duhovit	adjective	hbs	duhovit	adjective	slv
izrazit	adjective	hbs	izrazit	adjective	slv
izrazit	adjective	hbs	izrazit	adjective	slv
izrazit	adjective	hbs	izrazit	adjective	slv
izrazit	adjective	hbs	izrazit	adjective	slv
izrazit	adjective	hbs	razločen	adjective	slv
izrazit	adjective	hbs	razločen	adjective	slv
izrazit	adjective	hbs	razločen	adjective	slv
izrazit	adjective	hbs	razločen	adjective	slv
izrazit	adjective	hbs	izrecen	adjective	slv
izrazit	adjective	hbs	izrecen	adjective	slv
izrazit	adjective	hbs	izrecen	adjective	slv
izrazit	adjective	hbs	izrecen	adjective	slv
sirov	adjective	hbs	sirov	adjective	slv
sirov	adjective	hbs	sirov	adjective	slv
sirov	adjective	hbs	sirov	adjective	slv
sirov	adjective	hbs	sirov	adjective	slv
slikovit	adjective	hbs	slikovit	adjective	slv
slikovit	adjective	hbs	slikovit	adjective	slv
slikovit	adjective	hbs	slikovit	adjective	slv
slikovit	adjective	hbs	slikovit	adjective	slv
sumnjičav	adjective	hbs	sumničav	adjective	slv
sumnjičav	adjective	hbs	sumničav	adjective	slv
sumnjičav	adjective	hbs	sumničav	adjective	slv
sumnjičav	adjective	hbs	sumničav	adjective	slv
sumnjičav	adjective	hbs	sumljiv	adjective	slv
sumnjičav	adjective	hbs	sumljiv	adjective	slv
sumnjičav	adjective	hbs	sumljiv	adjective	slv
sumnjičav	adjective	hbs	sumljiv	adjective	slv
sumnjičav	adjective	hbs	nezaupljiv	adjective	slv
sumnjičav	adjective	hbs	nezaupljiv	adjective	slv
sumnjičav	adjective	hbs	nezaupljiv	adjective	slv
sumnjičav	adjective	hbs	nezaupljiv	adjective	slv
temeljit	adjective	hbs	temeljit	adjective	slv
temeljit	adjective	hbs	temeljit	adjective	slv
temeljit	adjective	hbs	temeljit	adjective	slv
temeljit	adjective	hbs	temeljit	adjective	slv
tvrdoglav	adjective	hbs	svojeglav	adjective	slv
tvrdoglav	adjective	hbs	svojeglav	adjective	slv
tvrdoglav	adjective	hbs	svojeglav	adjective	slv
tvrdoglav	adjective	hbs	svojeglav	adjective	slv
tvrdoglav	adjective	hbs	zadrt	adjective	slv
tvrdoglav	adjective	hbs	zadrt	adjective	slv
tvrdoglav	adjective	hbs	zadrt	adjective	slv
tvrdoglav	adjective	hbs	zadrt	adjective	slv
tvrdoglav	adjective	hbs	čemeren	adjective	slv
tvrdoglav	adjective	hbs	čemeren	adjective	slv
tvrdoglav	adjective	hbs	čemeren	adjective	slv
tvrdoglav	adjective	hbs	čemeren	adjective	slv
učinkovit	adjective	hbs	učinkovit	adjective	slv
učinkovit	adjective	hbs	učinkovit	adjective	slv
učinkovit	adjective	hbs	učinkovit	adjective	slv
učinkovit	adjective	hbs	učinkovit	adjective	slv
živ	adjective	hbs	živahen	adjective	slv
živ	adjective	hbs	živahen	adjective	slv
živ	adjective	hbs	živahen	adjective	slv
živ	adjective	hbs	živahen	adjective	slv
živ	adjective	hbs	živ	adjective	slv
živ	adjective	hbs	živ	adjective	slv
živ	adjective	hbs	živ	adjective	slv
živ	adjective	hbs	živ	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	raskav	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	raskav	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	raskav	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	raskav	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	surov	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	surov	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	surov	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	surov	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	robat	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	robat	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	robat	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	robat	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	groben	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	groben	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	groben	adjective	slv
grub	adjective	hbs	groben	adjective	slv
blag	adjective	hbs	krotek	adjective	slv
blag	adjective	hbs	krotek	adjective	slv
blag	adjective	hbs	krotek	adjective	slv
blag	adjective	hbs	krotek	adjective	slv
blag	adjective	hbs	blažilen	adjective	slv
blag	adjective	hbs	blažilen	adjective	slv
blag	adjective	hbs	blažilen	adjective	slv
blag	adjective	hbs	blažilen	adjective	slv
dostojanstven	adjective	hbs	dostojanstven	adjective	slv
dostojanstven	adjective	hbs	dostojanstven	adjective	slv
dostojanstven	adjective	hbs	dostojanstven	adjective	slv
dostojanstven	adjective	hbs	dostojanstven	adjective	slv
iskren	adjective	hbs	iskren	adjective	slv
iskren	adjective	hbs	iskren	adjective	slv
iskren	adjective	hbs	iskren	adjective	slv
iskren	adjective	hbs	iskren	adjective	slv
lijen	adjective	hbs	lenoben	adjective	slv
lijen	adjective	hbs	lenoben	adjective	slv
lijen	adjective	hbs	lenoben	adjective	slv
lijen	adjective	hbs	lenoben	adjective	slv
neumjeren	adjective	hbs	nezmeren	adjective	slv
neumjeren	adjective	hbs	nezmeren	adjective	slv
neumjeren	adjective	hbs	nezmeren	adjective	slv
neumjeren	adjective	hbs	nezmeren	adjective	slv
neuobičajen	adjective	hbs	nevsakdanji	adjective	slv
neuobičajen	adjective	hbs	nevsakdanji	adjective	slv
neuobičajen	adjective	hbs	nevsakdanji	adjective	slv
neuobičajen	adjective	hbs	nevsakdanji	adjective	slv
neuobičajen	adjective	hbs	neobičajen	adjective	slv
neuobičajen	adjective	hbs	neobičajen	adjective	slv
neuobičajen	adjective	hbs	neobičajen	adjective	slv
neuobičajen	adjective	hbs	neobičajen	adjective	slv
pošten	adjective	hbs	pošten	adjective	slv
pošten	adjective	hbs	pošten	adjective	slv
pošten	adjective	hbs	pošten	adjective	slv
pošten	adjective	hbs	pošten	adjective	slv
šaren	adjective	hbs	marogast	adjective	slv
šaren	adjective	hbs	marogast	adjective	slv
šaren	adjective	hbs	marogast	adjective	slv
šaren	adjective	hbs	marogast	adjective	slv
šaren	adjective	hbs	barvit	adjective	slv
šaren	adjective	hbs	barvit	adjective	slv
šaren	adjective	hbs	barvit	adjective	slv
šaren	adjective	hbs	barvit	adjective	slv
šaren	adjective	hbs	mavričast	adjective	slv
šaren	adjective	hbs	mavričast	adjective	slv
šaren	adjective	hbs	mavričast	adjective	slv
šaren	adjective	hbs	mavričast	adjective	slv
smislen	adjective	hbs	pomenljiv	adjective	slv
smislen	adjective	hbs	pomenljiv	adjective	slv
smislen	adjective	hbs	pomenljiv	adjective	slv
smislen	adjective	hbs	pomenljiv	adjective	slv
smislen	adjective	hbs	smiseln	adjective	slv
smislen	adjective	hbs	smiseln	adjective	slv
smislen	adjective	hbs	smiseln	adjective	slv
smislen	adjective	hbs	smiseln	adjective	slv
tajanstven	adjective	hbs	skrivnosten	adjective	slv
tajanstven	adjective	hbs	skrivnosten	adjective	slv
tajanstven	adjective	hbs	skrivnosten	adjective	slv
tajanstven	adjective	hbs	skrivnosten	adjective	slv
tajanstven	adjective	hbs	skrivajoč	adjective	slv
tajanstven	adjective	hbs	skrivajoč	adjective	slv
tajanstven	adjective	hbs	skrivajoč	adjective	slv
tajanstven	adjective	hbs	skrivajoč	adjective	slv
umjeren	adjective	hbs	zmeren	adjective	slv
umjeren	adjective	hbs	zmeren	adjective	slv
umjeren	adjective	hbs	zmeren	adjective	slv
umjeren	adjective	hbs	zmeren	adjective	slv
veličanstven	adjective	hbs	veličasten	adjective	slv
veličanstven	adjective	hbs	veličasten	adjective	slv
veličanstven	adjective	hbs	veličasten	adjective	slv
veličanstven	adjective	hbs	veličasten	adjective	slv
pregledan	adjective	hbs	pregledan	adjective	slv
pregledan	adjective	hbs	pregleden	adjective	slv
pregledan	adjective	hbs	pregleden	adjective	slv
pregledan	adjective	hbs	pregleden	adjective	slv
pregledan	adjective	hbs	pregleden	adjective	slv
srčan	adjective	hbs	srčen	adjective	slv
srčan	adjective	hbs	srčen	adjective	slv
srčan	adjective	hbs	srčen	adjective	slv
srčan	adjective	hbs	srčen	adjective	slv
human	adjective	hbs	human	adjective	slv
human	adjective	hbs	human	adjective	slv
human	adjective	hbs	human	adjective	slv
human	adjective	hbs	human	adjective	slv
jeftin	adjective	hbs	cenen	adjective	slv
jeftin	adjective	hbs	cenen	adjective	slv
jeftin	adjective	hbs	cenen	adjective	slv
jeftin	adjective	hbs	cenen	adjective	slv
nepotpun	adjective	hbs	nepopoln	adjective	slv
nepotpun	adjective	hbs	nepopoln	adjective	slv
nepotpun	adjective	hbs	nepopoln	adjective	slv
nepotpun	adjective	hbs	nepopoln	adjective	slv
pouzdan	adjective	hbs	zanesljiv	adjective	slv
pouzdan	adjective	hbs	zanesljiv	adjective	slv
pouzdan	adjective	hbs	zanesljiv	adjective	slv
pouzdan	adjective	hbs	zanesljiv	adjective	slv
prostran	adjective	hbs	prostran	adjective	slv
prostran	adjective	hbs	prostran	adjective	slv
prostran	adjective	hbs	prostran	adjective	slv
prostran	adjective	hbs	prostran	adjective	slv
prostran	adjective	hbs	prostoren	adjective	slv
prostran	adjective	hbs	prostoren	adjective	slv
prostran	adjective	hbs	prostoren	adjective	slv
prostran	adjective	hbs	prostoren	adjective	slv
slan	adjective	hbs	pošiljajoč	adjective	slv
slan	adjective	hbs	pošiljajoč	adjective	slv
slan	adjective	hbs	pošiljajoč	adjective	slv
slan	adjective	hbs	pošiljajoč	adjective	slv
slan	adjective	hbs	slan	adjective	slv
slan	adjective	hbs	slan	adjective	slv
slan	adjective	hbs	slan	adjective	slv
slan	adjective	hbs	slan	adjective	slv
vidljiv	adjective	hbs	viden	adjective	slv
vidljiv	adjective	hbs	viden	adjective	slv
vidljiv	adjective	hbs	viden	adjective	slv
vidljiv	adjective	hbs	viden	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	majav	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	majav	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	majav	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	majav	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	popustljiv	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	popustljiv	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	popustljiv	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	popustljiv	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	razrahljan	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	razrahljan	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	razrahljan	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	razrahljan	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	zrahljan	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	zrahljan	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	zrahljan	adjective	slv
labav	adjective	hbs	zrahljan	adjective	slv
marljiv	adjective	hbs	deloven	adjective	slv
marljiv	adjective	hbs	deloven	adjective	slv
marljiv	adjective	hbs	deloven	adjective	slv
marljiv	adjective	hbs	deloven	adjective	slv
marljiv	adjective	hbs	prizadeven	adjective	slv
marljiv	adjective	hbs	prizadeven	adjective	slv
marljiv	adjective	hbs	prizadeven	adjective	slv
marljiv	adjective	hbs	prizadeven	adjective	slv
marljiv	adjective	hbs	marljiv	adjective	slv
marljiv	adjective	hbs	marljiv	adjective	slv
marljiv	adjective	hbs	marljiv	adjective	slv
marljiv	adjective	hbs	marljiv	adjective	slv
miroljubiv	adjective	hbs	miroven	adjective	slv
miroljubiv	adjective	hbs	miroven	adjective	slv
miroljubiv	adjective	hbs	miroven	adjective	slv
miroljubiv	adjective	hbs	miroven	adjective	slv
nestrpljiv	adjective	hbs	nepotrpežljiv	adjective	slv
nestrpljiv	adjective	hbs	nepotrpežljiv	adjective	slv
nestrpljiv	adjective	hbs	nepotrpežljiv	adjective	slv
nestrpljiv	adjective	hbs	nepotrpežljiv	adjective	slv
nestrpljiv	adjective	hbs	nestrpen	adjective	slv
nestrpljiv	adjective	hbs	nestrpen	adjective	slv
nestrpljiv	adjective	hbs	nestrpen	adjective	slv
nestrpljiv	adjective	hbs	nestrpen	adjective	slv
nevidljiv	adjective	hbs	neviden	adjective	slv
nevidljiv	adjective	hbs	neviden	adjective	slv
nevidljiv	adjective	hbs	neviden	adjective	slv
nevidljiv	adjective	hbs	neviden	adjective	slv
popustljiv	adjective	hbs	prizanesljiv	adjective	slv
popustljiv	adjective	hbs	prizanesljiv	adjective	slv
popustljiv	adjective	hbs	prizanesljiv	adjective	slv
popustljiv	adjective	hbs	prizanesljiv	adjective	slv
svijetleći	adjective	hbs	bleščeč	adjective	slv
svijetleće	adverb	hbs	bleščeč	adverb	slv
svijetao	adjective	hbs	razgledan	adjective	slv
svijetao	adjective	hbs	razgledan	adjective	slv
svijetao	adjective	hbs	razgledan	adjective	slv
svijetao	adjective	hbs	razgledan	adjective	slv
nagao	adjective	hbs	vihrav	adjective	slv
nagao	adjective	hbs	vihrav	adjective	slv
nagao	adjective	hbs	vihrav	adjective	slv
nagao	adjective	hbs	vihrav	adjective	slv
nagao	adjective	hbs	hlasten	adjective	slv
nagao	adjective	hbs	hlasten	adjective	slv
nagao	adjective	hbs	hlasten	adjective	slv
nagao	adjective	hbs	hlasten	adjective	slv
kriv	adjective	hbs	kriv	adjective	slv
kriv	adjective	hbs	kriv	adjective	slv
kriv	adjective	hbs	kriv	adjective	slv
kriv	adjective	hbs	kriv	adjective	slv
plitak	adjective	hbs	plehek	adjective	slv
plitak	adjective	hbs	plehek	adjective	slv
plitak	adjective	hbs	plehek	adjective	slv
plitak	adjective	hbs	plehek	adjective	slv
bistar	adjective	hbs	umen	adjective	slv
bistar	adjective	hbs	umen	adjective	slv
bistar	adjective	hbs	umen	adjective	slv
bistar	adjective	hbs	umen	adjective	slv
vedar	adjective	hbs	veder	adjective	slv
vedar	adjective	hbs	veder	adjective	slv
vedar	adjective	hbs	veder	adjective	slv
vedar	adjective	hbs	veder	adjective	slv
odjekujući	adjective	hbs	odmeven	adjective	slv
ohrabrujući	adjective	hbs	spodbuden	adjective	slv
ohrabrujući	adjective	hbs	vzpodbuden	adjective	slv
disidentski	adjective	hbs	disidentski	adjective	slv
disidentski	adjective	hbs	disidentski	adjective	slv
disidentski	adjective	hbs	disidentski	adjective	slv
disidentski	adjective	hbs	disidentski	adjective	slv
baskijski	adjective	hbs	baskovski	adjective	slv
baskijski	adjective	hbs	baskovski	adjective	slv
baskijski	adjective	hbs	baskovski	adjective	slv
baskijski	adjective	hbs	baskovski	adjective	slv
anti	adjective	hbs	nasproten	adjective	slv
anti	adjective	hbs	nasproten	adjective	slv
anti	adjective	hbs	nasproten	adjective	slv
anti	adjective	hbs	nasproten	adjective	slv
tuđ	adjective	hbs	tuj	adjective	slv
tuđ	adjective	hbs	tuj	adjective	slv
tuđ	adjective	hbs	tuj	adjective	slv
tuđ	adjective	hbs	tuj	adjective	slv
krepak	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
krepak	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
krepak	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
krepak	adjective	hbs	krepek	adjective	slv
krotak	adjective	hbs	krotek	adjective	slv
krotak	adjective	hbs	krotek	adjective	slv
krotak	adjective	hbs	krotek	adjective	slv
krotak	adjective	hbs	krotek	adjective	slv
čuven	adjective	hbs	slaven	adjective	slv
isti	adjective	hbs	enak	adjective	slv
isti	adjective	hbs	enak	adjective	slv
isti	adjective	hbs	enak	adjective	slv
isti	adjective	hbs	enak	adjective	slv
jednak	adjective	hbs	enak	adjective	slv
jednak	adjective	hbs	enak	adjective	slv
jednak	adjective	hbs	enak	adjective	slv
jednak	adjective	hbs	enak	adjective	slv
nepopustljiv	adjective	hbs	nepopustljiv	adjective	slv
nepopustljiv	adjective	hbs	nepopustljiv	adjective	slv
nepopustljiv	adjective	hbs	nepopustljiv	adjective	slv
nepopustljiv	adjective	hbs	nepopustljiv	adjective	slv
nepovjerljiv	adjective	hbs	nezaupljiv	adjective	slv
nepovjerljiv	adjective	hbs	nezaupljiv	adjective	slv
nepovjerljiv	adjective	hbs	nezaupljiv	adjective	slv
nepovjerljiv	adjective	hbs	nezaupljiv	adjective	slv
nerazumljiv	adjective	hbs	nerazumljiv	adjective	slv
nerazumljiv	adjective	hbs	nerazumljiv	adjective	slv
nerazumljiv	adjective	hbs	nerazumljiv	adjective	slv
nerazumljiv	adjective	hbs	nerazumljiv	adjective	slv
pokretljiv	adjective	hbs	okreten	adjective	slv
pokretljiv	adjective	hbs	okreten	adjective	slv
pokretljiv	adjective	hbs	okreten	adjective	slv
pokretljiv	adjective	hbs	okreten	adjective	slv
preporučljiv	adjective	hbs	priporočljiv	adjective	slv
preporučljiv	adjective	hbs	priporočljiv	adjective	slv
preporučljiv	adjective	hbs	priporočljiv	adjective	slv
preporučljiv	adjective	hbs	priporočljiv	adjective	slv
zaobilazan	adjective	hbs	obvozen	adjective	slv
zaobilazan	adjective	hbs	obvozen	adjective	slv
zaobilazan	adjective	hbs	obvozen	adjective	slv
zaobilazan	adjective	hbs	obvozen	adjective	slv
udoban	adjective	hbs	udoben	adjective	slv
udoban	adjective	hbs	udoben	adjective	slv
udoban	adjective	hbs	udoben	adjective	slv
udoban	adjective	hbs	udoben	adjective	slv
privlačan	adjective	hbs	privlačen	adjective	slv
privlačan	adjective	hbs	privlačen	adjective	slv
privlačan	adjective	hbs	privlačen	adjective	slv
privlačan	adjective	hbs	privlačen	adjective	slv
spiritualan	adjective	hbs	spiritualen	adjective	slv
spiritualan	adjective	hbs	spiritualen	adjective	slv
spiritualan	adjective	hbs	spiritualen	adjective	slv
spiritualan	adjective	hbs	spiritualen	adjective	slv
regulativan	adjective	hbs	regulativen	adjective	slv
regulativno	adverb	hbs	regulativno	adverb	slv
protivan	adjective	hbs	nasproten	adjective	slv
protivan	adjective	hbs	nasproten	adjective	slv
protivan	adjective	hbs	nasproten	adjective	slv
protivan	adjective	hbs	nasproten	adjective	slv
bazičan	adjective	hbs	bazičen	adjective	slv
bazičan	adjective	hbs	bazičen	adjective	slv
bazičan	adjective	hbs	bazičen	adjective	slv
bazičan	adjective	hbs	bazičen	adjective	slv
bezbrižan	adjective	hbs	brezbrižen	adjective	slv
bezbrižan	adjective	hbs	brezbrižen	adjective	slv
bezbrižan	adjective	hbs	brezbrižen	adjective	slv
bezbrižan	adjective	hbs	brezbrižen	adjective	slv
bezuman	adjective	hbs	brezumen	adjective	slv
bezuman	adjective	hbs	brezumen	adjective	slv
bezuman	adjective	hbs	brezumen	adjective	slv
bezuman	adjective	hbs	brezumen	adjective	slv
centralan	adjective	hbs	centralen	adjective	slv
centralan	adjective	hbs	centralen	adjective	slv
centralan	adjective	hbs	centralen	adjective	slv
centralan	adjective	hbs	centralen	adjective	slv
dugoročan	adjective	hbs	dolgoročen	adjective	slv
dugoročan	adjective	hbs	dolgoročen	adjective	slv
dugoročan	adjective	hbs	dolgoročen	adjective	slv
dugoročan	adjective	hbs	dolgoročen	adjective	slv
kratkoročan	adjective	hbs	kratkoročen	adjective	slv
kratkoročan	adjective	hbs	kratkoročen	adjective	slv
kratkoročan	adjective	hbs	kratkoročen	adjective	slv
kratkoročan	adjective	hbs	kratkoročen	adjective	slv
glavan	adjective	hbs	glaven	adjective	slv
glavan	adjective	hbs	glaven	adjective	slv
glavan	adjective	hbs	glaven	adjective	slv
glavan	adjective	hbs	glaven	adjective	slv
ispravan	adjective	hbs	točen	adjective	slv
ispravan	adjective	hbs	točen	adjective	slv
ispravan	adjective	hbs	točen	adjective	slv
ispravan	adjective	hbs	točen	adjective	slv
jednakomjeran	adjective	hbs	enakomeren	adjective	slv
jednakomjeran	adjective	hbs	enakomeren	adjective	slv
jednakomjeran	adjective	hbs	enakomeren	adjective	slv
jednakomjeran	adjective	hbs	enakomeren	adjective	slv
južan	adjective	hbs	južen	adjective	slv
južan	adjective	hbs	južen	adjective	slv
južan	adjective	hbs	južen	adjective	slv
južan	adjective	hbs	južen	adjective	slv
lojalan	adjective	hbs	lojalen	adjective	slv
lojalan	adjective	hbs	lojalen	adjective	slv
lojalan	adjective	hbs	lojalen	adjective	slv
lojalan	adjective	hbs	lojalen	adjective	slv
masan	adjective	hbs	masten	adjective	slv
masan	adjective	hbs	masten	adjective	slv
masan	adjective	hbs	masten	adjective	slv
masan	adjective	hbs	masten	adjective	slv
nedjelotvoran	adjective	hbs	neučinkovit	adjective	slv
nedjelotvoran	adjective	hbs	neučinkovit	adjective	slv
nedjelotvoran	adjective	hbs	neučinkovit	adjective	slv
nedjelotvoran	adjective	hbs	neučinkovit	adjective	slv
nekorisan	adjective	hbs	nekoristen	adjective	slv
nekorisan	adjective	hbs	nekoristen	adjective	slv
nekorisan	adjective	hbs	nekoristen	adjective	slv
nekorisan	adjective	hbs	nekoristen	adjective	slv
neprijatan	adjective	hbs	neprijeten	adjective	slv
neprijatan	adjective	hbs	neprijeten	adjective	slv
neprijatan	adjective	hbs	neprijeten	adjective	slv
neprijatan	adjective	hbs	neprijeten	adjective	slv
intelektualan	adjective	hbs	intelektualen	adjective	slv
neravnomjeran	adjective	hbs	neenakomeren	adjective	slv
neravnomjeran	adjective	hbs	neenakomeren	adjective	slv
neravnomjeran	adjective	hbs	neenakomeren	adjective	slv
neravnomjeran	adjective	hbs	neenakomeren	adjective	slv
nesnosan	adjective	hbs	neznosen	adjective	slv
nesnosan	adjective	hbs	neznosen	adjective	slv
nesnosan	adjective	hbs	neznosen	adjective	slv
nesnosan	adjective	hbs	neznosen	adjective	slv
neukusan	adjective	hbs	neokusen	adjective	slv
neukusan	adjective	hbs	neokusen	adjective	slv
neukusan	adjective	hbs	neokusen	adjective	slv
neukusan	adjective	hbs	neokusen	adjective	slv
nevjerovatan	adjective	hbs	neverjeten	adjective	slv
nevjerovatan	adjective	hbs	neverjeten	adjective	slv
nevjerovatan	adjective	hbs	neverjeten	adjective	slv
nevjerovatan	adjective	hbs	neverjeten	adjective	slv
nužan	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
nužan	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
nužan	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
nužan	adjective	hbs	nujen	adjective	slv
ogavan	adjective	hbs	ogaben	adjective	slv
ogavan	adjective	hbs	ogaben	adjective	slv
ogavan	adjective	hbs	ogaben	adjective	slv
ogavan	adjective	hbs	ogaben	adjective	slv
poguban	adjective	hbs	poguben	adjective	slv
poguban	adjective	hbs	poguben	adjective	slv
poguban	adjective	hbs	poguben	adjective	slv
poguban	adjective	hbs	poguben	adjective	slv
pravedan	adjective	hbs	pravičen	adjective	slv
pravedan	adjective	hbs	pravičen	adjective	slv
pravedan	adjective	hbs	pravičen	adjective	slv
pravedan	adjective	hbs	pravičen	adjective	slv
razvratan	adjective	hbs	razvraten	adjective	slv
razvratan	adjective	hbs	razvraten	adjective	slv
razvratan	adjective	hbs	razvraten	adjective	slv
razvratan	adjective	hbs	razvraten	adjective	slv
savjesan	adjective	hbs	zavesten	adjective	slv
savjesan	adjective	hbs	zavesten	adjective	slv
savjesan	adjective	hbs	zavesten	adjective	slv
savjesan	adjective	hbs	zavesten	adjective	slv
sjajan	adjective	hbs	sijajen	adjective	slv
sjajan	adjective	hbs	sijajen	adjective	slv
sjajan	adjective	hbs	sijajen	adjective	slv
sjajan	adjective	hbs	sijajen	adjective	slv
strahotan	adjective	hbs	strahoten	adjective	slv
strahotan	adjective	hbs	strahoten	adjective	slv
strahotan	adjective	hbs	strahoten	adjective	slv
strahotan	adjective	hbs	strahoten	adjective	slv
tačan	adjective	hbs	točen	adjective	slv
tačan	adjective	hbs	točen	adjective	slv
tačan	adjective	hbs	točen	adjective	slv
tačan	adjective	hbs	točen	adjective	slv
uljudan	adjective	hbs	vljuden	adjective	slv
uljudan	adjective	hbs	vljuden	adjective	slv
uljudan	adjective	hbs	vljuden	adjective	slv
uljudan	adjective	hbs	vljuden	adjective	slv
uman	adjective	hbs	human	adjective	slv
uman	adjective	hbs	human	adjective	slv
uman	adjective	hbs	human	adjective	slv
uman	adjective	hbs	human	adjective	slv
ustrajan	adjective	hbs	vztrajen	adjective	slv
ustrajan	adjective	hbs	vztrajen	adjective	slv
ustrajan	adjective	hbs	vztrajen	adjective	slv
ustrajan	adjective	hbs	vztrajen	adjective	slv
gledan	adjective	hbs	gledan	adjective	slv
gledan	adjective	hbs	gledan	adjective	slv
gledan	adjective	hbs	gledan	adjective	slv
ljutit	adjective	hbs	jezen	adjective	slv
ljutit	adjective	hbs	jezen	adjective	slv
suv	adjective	hbs	suh	adjective	slv
suv	adjective	hbs	suh	adjective	slv
suv	adjective	hbs	suh	adjective	slv
suv	adjective	hbs	suh	adjective	slv
pismen	adjective	hbs	nadut	adjective	slv
pismen	adjective	hbs	nadut	adjective	slv
pismen	adjective	hbs	nadut	adjective	slv
pismen	adjective	hbs	nadut	adjective	slv
nadmen	adjective	hbs	nadut	adjective	slv
nadmen	adjective	hbs	nadut	adjective	slv
nadmen	adjective	hbs	nadut	adjective	slv
nadmen	adjective	hbs	nadut	adjective	slv
neprimjeren	adjective	hbs	neprimeren	adjective	slv
neprimjeren	adjective	hbs	neprimeren	adjective	slv
neprimjeren	adjective	hbs	neprimeren	adjective	slv
neprimjeren	adjective	hbs	neprimeren	adjective	slv
savremen	adjective	hbs	moderen	adjective	slv
savremen	adjective	hbs	moderen	adjective	slv
savremen	adjective	hbs	moderen	adjective	slv
savremen	adjective	hbs	moderen	adjective	slv
suvremen	adjective	hbs	istočasen	adjective	slv
suvremen	adjective	hbs	istočasen	adjective	slv
suvremen	adjective	hbs	istočasen	adjective	slv
suvremen	adjective	hbs	istočasen	adjective	slv
autohton	adjective	hbs	avtohton	adjective	slv
autohton	adjective	hbs	avtohton	adjective	slv
autohton	adjective	hbs	avtohton	adjective	slv
autohton	adjective	hbs	avtohton	adjective	slv
redovit	adjective	hbs	reden	adjective	slv
redovit	adjective	hbs	reden	adjective	slv
redovit	adjective	hbs	reden	adjective	slv
redovit	adjective	hbs	reden	adjective	slv
upotrebljiv	adjective	hbs	uporaben	adjective	slv
upotrebljiv	adjective	hbs	uporaben	adjective	slv
upotrebljiv	adjective	hbs	uporaben	adjective	slv
upotrebljiv	adjective	hbs	uporaben	adjective	slv
čudnovat	adjective	hbs	čudaški	adjective	slv
čudnovat	adjective	hbs	čudaški	adjective	slv
čudnovat	adjective	hbs	čudaški	adjective	slv
čudnovat	adjective	hbs	čudaški	adjective	slv
neredovit	adjective	hbs	nereden	adjective	slv
neredovit	adjective	hbs	nereden	adjective	slv
neredovit	adjective	hbs	nereden	adjective	slv
neredovit	adjective	hbs	nereden	adjective	slv
podmukao	adjective	hbs	zahrbten	adjective	slv
podmukao	adjective	hbs	zahrbten	adjective	slv
podmukao	adjective	hbs	zahrbten	adjective	slv
podmukao	adjective	hbs	zahrbten	adjective	slv
osoben	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
osoben	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
osoben	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
osoben	adjective	hbs	oseben	adjective	slv
barokan	adjective	hbs	baročen	adjective	slv
barokan	adjective	hbs	baročen	adjective	slv
barokan	adjective	hbs	baročen	adjective	slv
barokan	adjective	hbs	baročen	adjective	slv
žarak	adjective	hbs	žarek	adjective	slv
žarak	adjective	hbs	žarek	adjective	slv
žarak	adjective	hbs	žarek	adjective	slv
žarak	adjective	hbs	žarek	adjective	slv
žarak	adjective	hbs	žareč	adjective	slv
svemirski	adjective	hbs	vesoljski	adjective	slv
svemirski	adjective	hbs	vesoljski	adjective	slv
svemirski	adjective	hbs	vesoljski	adjective	slv
svemirski	adjective	hbs	vesoljski	adjective	slv
super	adjective	hbs	super	adjective	slv
super	adjective	hbs	super	adjective	slv
super	adjective	hbs	super	adjective	slv
super	adjective	hbs	super	adjective	slv
neto	adjective	hbs	neto	adjective	slv
neto	adjective	hbs	neto	adjective	slv
neto	adjective	hbs	neto	adjective	slv
neto	adjective	hbs	neto	adjective	slv
izdržljiv	adjective	hbs	zdržljiv	adjective	slv
izdržljiv	adjective	hbs	zdržljiv	adjective	slv
izdržljiv	adjective	hbs	zdržljiv	adjective	slv
izdržljiv	adjective	hbs	zdržljiv	adjective	slv
šuman	adjective	hbs	šumeč	adjective	slv
šuman	adjective	hbs	šumeč	adjective	slv
šuman	adjective	hbs	šumeč	adjective	slv
šuman	adjective	hbs	šumeč	adjective	slv
barokan	adjective	hbs	volnen	adjective	slv
barokan	adjective	hbs	volnen	adjective	slv
barokan	adjective	hbs	volnen	adjective	slv
barokan	adjective	hbs	volnen	adjective	slv
nedostatan	adjective	hbs	manjkajoč	adjective	slv
nedostatan	adjective	hbs	manjkajoč	adjective	slv
nedostatan	adjective	hbs	manjkajoč	adjective	slv
nedostatan	adjective	hbs	manjkajoč	adjective	slv
ratoboran	adjective	hbs	borben	adjective	slv
ratoboran	adjective	hbs	borben	adjective	slv
ratoboran	adjective	hbs	borben	adjective	slv
ratoboran	adjective	hbs	borben	adjective	slv
izvedben	adjective	hbs	izvedben	adjective	slv
izvedbeno	adverb	hbs	izvedbeno	adverb	slv
borben	adjective	hbs	borben	adjective	slv
borben	adjective	hbs	borben	adjective	slv
borben	adjective	hbs	borben	adjective	slv
borben	adjective	hbs	borben	adjective	slv
održan	adjective	hbs	očuvan	adjective	slv
održan	adjective	hbs	očuvan	adjective	slv
održan	adjective	hbs	očuvan	adjective	slv
održan	adjective	hbs	očuvan	adjective	slv
vrijednosan	adjective	hbs	vrednosten	adjective	slv
vrijednosno	adverb	hbs	vrednostno	adverb	slv
izvjestan	adjective	hbs	stanovit	adjective	slv
izvjestan	adjective	hbs	stanovit	adjective	slv
izvjestan	adjective	hbs	stanovit	adjective	slv
izvjestan	adjective	hbs	stanovit	adjective	slv
ohol	adjective	hbs	ohol	adjective	slv
ohol	adjective	hbs	ohol	adjective	slv
ohol	adjective	hbs	ohol	adjective	slv
ohol	adjective	hbs	ohol	adjective	slv
škrt	adjective	hbs	škrt	adjective	slv
škrt	adjective	hbs	škrt	adjective	slv
škrt	adjective	hbs	škrt	adjective	slv
škrt	adjective	hbs	škrt	adjective	slv
izvoran	adjective	hbs	prvoten	adjective	slv
izvoran	adjective	hbs	izvoren	adjective	slv
izvoran	adjective	hbs	izvoren	adjective	slv
izvoran	adjective	hbs	izvoren	adjective	slv
izvoran	adjective	hbs	izvoren	adjective	slv
radoznao	adjective	hbs	radoznal	adjective	slv
radoznao	adjective	hbs	radoznal	adjective	slv
radoznao	adjective	hbs	radoznal	adjective	slv
radoznao	adjective	hbs	radoznal	adjective	slv
životan	adjective	hbs	življenjski	adjective	slv
životan	adjective	hbs	življenjski	adjective	slv
životan	adjective	hbs	življenjski	adjective	slv
životan	adjective	hbs	življenjski	adjective	slv
djelomičan	adjective	hbs	parcialen	adjective	slv
djelomičan	adjective	hbs	parcialen	adjective	slv
djelomičan	adjective	hbs	parcialen	adjective	slv
djelomičan	adjective	hbs	parcialen	adjective	slv
spolan	adjective	hbs	spolen	adjective	slv
alternativan	adjective	hbs	alternativen	adjective	slv
alternativno	adverb	hbs	alternativno	adverb	slv
neprofesionalan	adjective	hbs	neprofesionalen	adjective	slv
neprofesionalan	adjective	hbs	neprofesionalen	adjective	slv
neprofesionalan	adjective	hbs	neprofesionalen	adjective	slv
neprofesionalan	adjective	hbs	neprofesionalen	adjective	slv
autoritativan	adjective	hbs	avtoriteten	adjective	slv
autoritativan	adjective	hbs	avtoriteten	adjective	slv
autoritativan	adjective	hbs	avtoriteten	adjective	slv
autoritativan	adjective	hbs	avtoriteten	adjective	slv
trostruk	adjective	hbs	trikraten	adjective	slv
trostruk	adjective	hbs	trikraten	adjective	slv
trostruk	adjective	hbs	trikraten	adjective	slv
trostruk	adjective	hbs	trikraten	adjective	slv
dvostruk	adjective	hbs	dvakraten	adjective	slv
dvostruk	adjective	hbs	dvakraten	adjective	slv
dvostruk	adjective	hbs	dvakraten	adjective	slv
dvostruk	adjective	hbs	dvakraten	adjective	slv
tajan	adjective	hbs	tajen	adjective	slv
tajan	adjective	hbs	tajen	adjective	slv
tajan	adjective	hbs	tajen	adjective	slv
tajan	adjective	hbs	tajen	adjective	slv
mrzak	adjective	hbs	odvraten	adjective	slv
mrzak	adjective	hbs	odvraten	adjective	slv
mrzak	adjective	hbs	odvraten	adjective	slv
mrzak	adjective	hbs	odvraten	adjective	slv
nevažan	adjective	hbs	nepomemben	adjective	slv
nevažan	adjective	hbs	nepomemben	adjective	slv
nevažan	adjective	hbs	nepomemben	adjective	slv
nevažan	adjective	hbs	nepomemben	adjective	slv
nestvaran	adjective	hbs	nestvaren	adjective	slv
nestvaran	adjective	hbs	nestvaren	adjective	slv
nestvaran	adjective	hbs	nestvaren	adjective	slv
nestvaran	adjective	hbs	nestvaren	adjective	slv
nepravedan	adjective	hbs	nepravičen	adjective	slv
nepravedan	adjective	hbs	nepravičen	adjective	slv
nepravedan	adjective	hbs	nepravičen	adjective	slv
nepravedan	adjective	hbs	nepravičen	adjective	slv
antieuropski	adjective	hbs	protievropski	adjective	slv
antievropski	adjective	hbs	protievropski	adjective	slv
finalan	adjective	hbs	finalen	adjective	slv
ugodan	adjective	hbs	ugoden	adjective	slv
orijentiran	adjective	hbs	orientiran	adjective	slv
blizu	preposition	hbs	blizu	preposition	slv
kraj	preposition	hbs	blizu	preposition	slv
bez	preposition	hbs	brez	preposition	slv
preko	preposition	hbs	čez	preposition	slv
za	preposition	hbs	čez	preposition	slv
do	preposition	hbs	do	preposition	slv
nakon	preposition	hbs	po	preposition	slv
put	preposition	hbs	do	preposition	slv
k	preposition	hbs	h	preposition	slv
iz	preposition	hbs	iz	preposition	slv
između	preposition	hbs	izmed	preposition	slv
iznad	preposition	hbs	iznad	preposition	slv
ispod	preposition	hbs	izpod	preposition	slv
ispred	preposition	hbs	izpred	preposition	slv
izvan	preposition	hbs	izven	preposition	slv
iza	preposition	hbs	izza	preposition	slv
k	preposition	hbs	k	preposition	slv
usprkos	preposition	hbs	kljub	preposition	slv
oko	preposition	hbs	krog	preposition	slv
između	preposition	hbs	med	preposition	slv
među	preposition	hbs	med	preposition	slv
mimo	preposition	hbs	mimo	preposition	slv
nad	preposition	hbs	nad	preposition	slv
umjesto	preposition	hbs	namesto	preposition	slv
na clitic	preposition	hbs	nanj	preposition	slv
na clitic	preposition	hbs	nanj	preposition	slv
oko	preposition	hbs	naokoli	preposition	slv
protiv	preposition	hbs	nasproti	preposition	slv
usprkos	preposition	hbs	navkljub	preposition	slv
unatoč	preposition	hbs	navkljub	preposition	slv
usprkos	preposition	hbs	navzlic	preposition	slv
o	preposition	hbs	ob	preposition	slv
od	preposition	hbs	od	preposition	slv
o	preposition	hbs	o	preposition	slv
oko	preposition	hbs	okoli	preposition	slv
oko	preposition	hbs	okrog	preposition	slv
onkraj	preposition	hbs	onkraj	preposition	slv
pokraj	preposition	hbs	onstran	preposition	slv
pod	preposition	hbs	pod	preposition	slv
poslije	preposition	hbs	po	preposition	slv
pokraj	preposition	hbs	poleg	preposition	slv
povrh	preposition	hbs	povrh	preposition	slv
povrh	preposition	hbs	povrhu	preposition	slv
pred	preposition	hbs	pred	preposition	slv
preko	preposition	hbs	preko	preposition	slv
pri	preposition	hbs	pri	preposition	slv
proti	preposition	hbs	proti	preposition	slv
protiv	preposition	hbs	proti	preposition	slv
sa	preposition	hbs	s	preposition	slv
sa	preposition	hbs	s	preposition	slv
osim	preposition	hbs	razen	preposition	slv
kroz	preposition	hbs	skozi	preposition	slv
ispod	preposition	hbs	spod	preposition	slv
usprkos	preposition	hbs	spričo	preposition	slv
sred	preposition	hbs	sredi	preposition	slv
na	preposition	hbs	na	preposition	slv
na	preposition	hbs	na	preposition	slv
u	preposition	hbs	v	preposition	slv
za	preposition	hbs	za	preposition	slv
na	preposition	hbs	na	preposition	slv
na	preposition	hbs	na	preposition	slv
vrh	preposition	hbs	vrh	preposition	slv
vrh	preposition	hbs	vrhu	preposition	slv
uzduž	preposition	hbs	vzdolž	preposition	slv
duž	preposition	hbs	vzdolž	preposition	slv
usprkos	preposition	hbs	vpričo	preposition	slv
usporedo	adverb	hbs	vštric	preposition	slv
uporedo	adverb	hbs	vštric	preposition	slv
zbog	preposition	hbs	zaradi	preposition	slv
radi	preposition	hbs	zavoljo	preposition	slv
sa	preposition	hbs	z	preposition	slv
sa	preposition	hbs	z	preposition	slv
protiv	preposition	hbs	zoper	preposition	slv
pored	preposition	hbs	zraven	preposition	slv
prema	preposition	hbs	proti	preposition	slv
proti	preposition	hbs	proti	preposition	slv
nadomak	preposition	hbs	blizu	preposition	slv
nasuprot	preposition	hbs	za razliko od	preposition	slv
niz	preposition	hbs	navzdol	preposition	slv
uz	preposition	hbs	s	preposition	slv
sa	preposition	hbs	s	preposition	slv
kod	preposition	hbs	poleg	preposition	slv
na kraju	preposition	hbs	na koncu	preposition	slv
na koncu	preposition	hbs	na koncu	preposition	slv
mjesto	preposition	hbs	namesto	preposition	slv
po	preposition	hbs	po	preposition	slv
po	preposition	hbs	po	preposition	slv
nasred	preposition	hbs	sredi	preposition	slv
navrh	preposition	hbs	na vrhu	preposition	slv
ponad	preposition	hbs	iznad	preposition	slv
poput	preposition	hbs	zraven	preposition	slv
pozadi	preposition	hbs	za	preposition	slv
prije	preposition	hbs	pred	preposition	slv
uoči	preposition	hbs	pred	preposition	slv
van	preposition	hbs	iz	preposition	slv
zarad	preposition	hbs	zaradi	preposition	slv
zaradi	preposition	hbs	zaradi	preposition	slv
zbog	preposition	hbs	zaradi	preposition	slv
umjesto	adverb	hbs	namesto	preposition	slv
tijekom	adverb	hbs	tekom	preposition	slv
,	comma	hbs	,	comma	slv
(	openParenthesis	hbs	(	openParenthesis	slv
)	closeParenthesis	hbs	)	closeParenthesis	slv
[	openParenthesis	hbs	[	openParenthesis	slv
]	closeParenthesis	hbs	]	closeParenthesis	slv
«	punctuation	hbs	«	punctuation	slv
»	punctuation	hbs	»	punctuation	slv
“	punctuation	hbs	“	punctuation	slv
”	punctuation	hbs	”	punctuation	slv
-	punctuation	hbs	-	punctuation	slv
—	punctuation	hbs	—	punctuation	slv
I	numeral	hbs	I	numeral	slv
II	numeral	hbs	II	numeral	slv
III	numeral	hbs	III	numeral	slv
VII	numeral	hbs	VII	numeral	slv
VIII	numeral	hbs	VIII	numeral	slv
IX	numeral	hbs	IX	numeral	slv
XX	numeral	hbs	XX	numeral	slv
i	numeral	hbs	i	numeral	slv
ii	numeral	hbs	ii	numeral	slv
iii	numeral	hbs	iii	numeral	slv
vii	numeral	hbs	vii	numeral	slv
viii	numeral	hbs	viii	numeral	slv
ix	numeral	hbs	ix	numeral	slv
xx	numeral	hbs	xx	numeral	slv
e	properNoun	hbs	e	properNoun	slv
vol	properNoun	hbs	vol	properNoun	slv
itd	properNoun	hbs	itd	properNoun	slv
br	properNoun	hbs	št	properNoun	slv
PL	properNoun	hbs	PL	properNoun	slv
PT	properNoun	hbs	PT	properNoun	slv
EUR	properNoun	hbs	EUR	properNoun	slv
ES	properNoun	hbs	ES	properNoun	slv
FR	properNoun	hbs	FR	properNoun	slv
OVSE	properNoun	hbs	OVSE	properNoun	slv
USD	properNoun	hbs	USD	properNoun	slv
MDS	properNoun	hbs	MDS	properNoun	slv
ESMA	properNoun	hbs	ESMA	properNoun	slv
EES	properNoun	hbs	EES	properNoun	slv
EKJS	properNoun	hbs	EKJS	properNoun	slv
ESPJ	properNoun	hbs	ESPJ	properNoun	slv
PPEU	properNoun	hbs	PPEU	properNoun	slv
CE	properNoun	hbs	CE	properNoun	slv
GATT	properNoun	hbs	GATT	properNoun	slv
VIS	properNoun	hbs	VIS	properNoun	slv
EKSRP	properNoun	hbs	EKSRP	properNoun	slv
UAIS	properNoun	hbs	UAIS	properNoun	slv
AIS	properNoun	hbs	AIS	properNoun	slv
oz	properNoun	hbs	oz	properNoun	slv
www	properNoun	hbs	www	properNoun	slv
ec	properNoun	hbs	ec	properNoun	slv
ESS	properNoun	hbs	ESS	properNoun	slv
ČDO	properNoun	hbs	ČDO	properNoun	slv
SEC	properNoun	hbs	SEC	properNoun	slv
HS	properNoun	hbs	HS	properNoun	slv
PH	properNoun	hbs	PH	properNoun	slv
IMO	properNoun	hbs	IMO	properNoun	slv
SUT	properNoun	hbs	SUT	properNoun	slv
PNZ	properNoun	hbs	PNZ	properNoun	slv
OECD	properNoun	hbs	OECD	properNoun	slv
NCB	properNoun	hbs	NCB	properNoun	slv
CPA	properNoun	hbs	CPA	properNoun	slv
ICES	properNoun	hbs	ICES	properNoun	slv
MSRP	properNoun	hbs	MSRP	properNoun	slv
TGO	properNoun	hbs	TGO	properNoun	slv
IND	properNoun	hbs	IND	properNoun	slv
DEM	properNoun	hbs	DEM	properNoun	slv
OLAF	properNoun	hbs	OLAF	properNoun	slv
KNPVP	properNoun	hbs	KNPVP	properNoun	slv
OPP	properNoun	hbs	OPP	properNoun	slv
NACE	properNoun	hbs	NACE	properNoun	slv
ERS	properNoun	hbs	ERS	properNoun	slv
MRS	properNoun	hbs	MRS	properNoun	slv
IKT	properNoun	hbs	IKT	properNoun	slv
http	properNoun	hbs	http	properNoun	slv
UL	properNoun	hbs	UL	properNoun	slv
EGP	properNoun	hbs	EGP	properNoun	slv
EGS	properNoun	hbs	EGS	properNoun	slv
TSI	properNoun	hbs	TSI	properNoun	slv
CAS	properNoun	hbs	CAS	properNoun	slv
EFSA	properNoun	hbs	EFSA	properNoun	slv
SZVP	properNoun	hbs	SZVP	properNoun	slv
ISO	properNoun	hbs	ISO	properNoun	slv
PDEU	properNoun	hbs	PDEU	properNoun	slv
GD	properNoun	hbs	GD	properNoun	slv
Efta	properNoun	hbs	Efta	properNoun	slv
KN	properNoun	hbs	KN	properNoun	slv
COM	properNoun	hbs	COM	properNoun	slv
EESO	properNoun	hbs	EESO	properNoun	slv
OP	properNoun	hbs	OP	properNoun	slv
X	properNoun	hbs	X	properNoun	slv
T	properNoun	hbs	T	properNoun	slv
LRK	properNoun	hbs	LRK	properNoun	slv
TSI	properNoun	hbs	TSI	properNoun	slv
EL	properNoun	hbs	EL	properNoun	slv
CO	properNoun	hbs	CO	properNoun	slv
PPE	properNoun	hbs	PPE	properNoun	slv
NL	properNoun	hbs	NL	properNoun	slv
ZN	properNoun	hbs	ZN	properNoun	slv
RO	properNoun	hbs	RO	properNoun	slv
SV	properNoun	hbs	SV	properNoun	slv
HU	properNoun	hbs	HU	properNoun	slv
SK	properNoun	hbs	SK	properNoun	slv
ALDE	properNoun	hbs	ALDE	properNoun	slv
SKP	properNoun	hbs	SKP	properNoun	slv
CS	properNoun	hbs	CS	properNoun	slv
BDP	properNoun	hbs	BDP	properNoun	slv
MSP	properNoun	hbs	MSP	properNoun	slv
EP	properNoun	hbs	EP	properNoun	slv
LT	properNoun	hbs	LT	properNoun	slv
SIS	properNoun	hbs	SIS	properNoun	slv
ECR	properNoun	hbs	ECR	properNoun	slv
BG	properNoun	hbs	BG	properNoun	slv
UEN	properNoun	hbs	UEN	properNoun	slv
C	properNoun	hbs	C	properNoun	slv
ALE	properNoun	hbs	ALE	properNoun	slv
AKP	properNoun	hbs	AKP	properNoun	slv
PDV	properNoun	hbs	DDV	properNoun	slv
ESPG	properNoun	hbs	ESPG	properNoun	slv
EIB	properNoun	hbs	EIB	properNoun	slv
FI	properNoun	hbs	FI	properNoun	slv
GUE	properNoun	hbs	GUE	properNoun	slv
NGL	properNoun	hbs	NGL	properNoun	slv
ECB	properNoun	hbs	ECB	properNoun	slv
km	properNoun	hbs	km	properNoun	slv
km/h	properNoun	hbs	km/h	properNoun	slv
EU	properNoun	hbs	EU	properNoun	slv
BiH	properNoun	hbs	BiH	properNoun	slv
EK	properNoun	hbs	EK	properNoun	slv
RS	properNoun	hbs	RS	properNoun	slv
OEBS	properNoun	hbs	OEBS	properNoun	slv
NATO	properNoun	hbs	NATO	properNoun	slv
UN	properNoun	hbs	UN	properNoun	slv
SAD	properNoun	hbs	SAD	properNoun	slv
UNMIK	properNoun	hbs	UNMIK	properNoun	slv
str	properNoun	hbs	str	properNoun	slv
npr	properNoun	hbs	npr	properNoun	slv
mm	properNoun	hbs	mm	properNoun	slv
kg	properNoun	hbs	kg	properNoun	slv
ex	properNoun	hbs	ex	properNoun	slv
al	properNoun	hbs	al	properNoun	slv
b	properNoun	hbs	b	properNoun	slv
cm	properNoun	hbs	cm	properNoun	slv
g	properNoun	hbs	g	properNoun	slv
h	properNoun	hbs	h	properNoun	slv
is	properNoun	hbs	is	properNoun	slv
j	properNoun	hbs	j	properNoun	slv
lds	properNoun	hbs	lds	properNoun	slv
l	properNoun	hbs	l	properNoun	slv
mg	properNoun	hbs	mg	properNoun	slv
m	properNoun	hbs	m	properNoun	slv
ml	properNoun	hbs	ml	properNoun	slv
ptcu	properNoun	hbs	ptcu	properNoun	slv
rtv	properNoun	hbs	rtv	properNoun	slv
sit	properNoun	hbs	sit	properNoun	slv
sls	properNoun	hbs	sls	properNoun	slv
sns	properNoun	hbs	sns	properNoun	slv
vb	properNoun	hbs	vb	properNoun	slv
w	properNoun	hbs	w	properNoun	slv
sad	properNoun	hbs	zda	properNoun	slv
zsms	properNoun	hbs	zsms	properNoun	slv
hvala	interjection	hbs	hvala	interjection	slv
amen	interjection	hbs	amen	interjection	slv
ha	interjection	hbs	ha	interjection	slv
no	interjection	hbs	no	interjection	slv
penk	interjection	hbs	penk	interjection	slv
pazi	interjection	hbs	pozor	interjection	slv
zbogom	interjection	hbs	zbogom	interjection	slv
aha	interjection	hbs	aha	interjection	slv
oho	interjection	hbs	oho	interjection	slv
uh	interjection	hbs	uh	interjection	slv
oh	interjection	hbs	oh	interjection	slv
eh	interjection	hbs	eh	interjection	slv
ih	interjection	hbs	ih	interjection	slv
ah	interjection	hbs	ah	interjection	slv
joj	interjection	hbs	joj	interjection	slv
ijuju	interjection	hbs	ijuju	interjection	slv
ej	interjection	hbs	ej	interjection	slv
haj	interjection	hbs	haj	interjection	slv
hoj	interjection	hbs	hoj	interjection	slv
hej	interjection	hbs	hej	interjection	slv
uf	interjection	hbs	uf	interjection	slv
pi	interjection	hbs	pi	interjection	slv
fuj	interjection	hbs	fuj	interjection	slv
juhuhu	interjection	hbs	juhuhu	interjection	slv
kuku	interjection	hbs	kuku	interjection	slv
ua	interjection	hbs	ua	interjection	slv
oj	interjection	hbs	oj	interjection	slv
de	interjection	hbs	de	interjection	slv
hajde	interjection	hbs	ajde	interjection	slv
mac	interjection	hbs	mac	interjection	slv
guc	interjection	hbs	guc	interjection	slv
pi-pi-pi	interjection	hbs	pi-pi-pi	interjection	slv
iš	interjection	hbs	iš	interjection	slv
pis	interjection	hbs	pis	interjection	slv
šic	interjection	hbs	šic	interjection	slv
kuš	interjection	hbs	kuš	interjection	slv
marš	interjection	hbs	marš	interjection	slv
ehe	interjection	hbs	ehe	interjection	slv
curik	interjection	hbs	curik	interjection	slv
hojs	interjection	hbs	hojs	interjection	slv
pljus	interjection	hbs	pljus	interjection	slv
krc	interjection	hbs	krc	interjection	slv
krah	interjection	hbs	krah	interjection	slv
bum	interjection	hbs	bum	interjection	slv
kvrc	interjection	hbs	kvrc	interjection	slv
cin	interjection	hbs	cin	interjection	slv
apciha	interjection	hbs	apciha	interjection	slv
apćiha	interjection	hbs	apćiha	interjection	slv
mijau	interjection	hbs	mijav	interjection	slv
vau-vau	interjection	hbs	vau-vau	interjection	slv
vauvau	interjection	hbs	vauvau	interjection	slv
vau vau	interjection	hbs	vau vau	interjection	slv
kukuriku	interjection	hbs	kukuriku	interjection	slv
kokodak	interjection	hbs	kokodak	interjection	slv
posljedično	adverb	hbs	posledično	adverb	slv
stoga	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	zanje	coordinatingConjunction	slv
i	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	in	coordinatingConjunction	slv
i	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	in	coordinatingConjunction	slv
a	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	in	coordinatingConjunction	slv
ali	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	ampak	coordinatingConjunction	slv
no	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	ampak	coordinatingConjunction	slv
niti	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	niti	coordinatingConjunction	slv
a	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	a	coordinatingConjunction	slv
nego	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	ampak	coordinatingConjunction	slv
ili	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	bodisi	coordinatingConjunction	slv
i	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	in	coordinatingConjunction	slv
jer	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	kajti	coordinatingConjunction	slv
kad	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	ko	coordinatingConjunction	slv
već	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	marveč	coordinatingConjunction	slv
naime	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	namreč	coordinatingConjunction	slv
ni	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	niti	coordinatingConjunction	slv
otkad	adverb	hbs	odkar	coordinatingConjunction	slv
jer	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	saj	coordinatingConjunction	slv
inače	adverb	hbs	sicer	coordinatingConjunction	slv
doduše	adverb	hbs	sicer	coordinatingConjunction	slv
nego	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	temveč	coordinatingConjunction	slv
no	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	toda	coordinatingConjunction	slv
dakle	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	torej	coordinatingConjunction	slv
ali	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	vendar	coordinatingConjunction	slv
ipak	adverb	hbs	vendarle	coordinatingConjunction	slv
pak	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	pa	coordinatingConjunction	slv
zašto	pronoun	hbs	zakaj	coordinatingConjunction	slv
dakle	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	torej	coordinatingConjunction	slv
no	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	no	coordinatingConjunction	slv
pa	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	zato	coordinatingConjunction	slv
ipak	adverb	hbs	vendar	coordinatingConjunction	slv
te	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	ter	coordinatingConjunction	slv
niti	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	niti	coordinatingConjunction	slv
ili	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	ali	coordinatingConjunction	slv
ili	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	oziroma	coordinatingConjunction	slv
već	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	vendar	coordinatingConjunction	slv
već i	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	ampak	coordinatingConjunction	slv
tek	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	šele	coordinatingConjunction	slv
jedino	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	samo	coordinatingConjunction	slv
jedino	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	šele	coordinatingConjunction	slv
osim	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	razen	coordinatingConjunction	slv
zato	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	ker	coordinatingConjunction	slv
zato	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	saj	coordinatingConjunction	slv
zato	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	zaradi	coordinatingConjunction	slv
stoga	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	torej	coordinatingConjunction	slv
stoga	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	zato	coordinatingConjunction	slv
nego	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	preden	subordinatingConjunction	slv
ili	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	oziroma	subordinatingConjunction	slv
da	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	naj	subordinatingConjunction	slv
da li	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	najsi	subordinatingConjunction	slv
kada	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	kadar	subordinatingConjunction	slv
da	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	da	subordinatingConjunction	slv
premda	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	čeprav	subordinatingConjunction	slv
mada i	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	čeravno	subordinatingConjunction	slv
ako je	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	četudi	subordinatingConjunction	slv
kao i	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	čim	subordinatingConjunction	slv
kao što	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	čim	subordinatingConjunction	slv
ako	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	če	subordinatingConjunction	slv
kao što	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	kakor	subordinatingConjunction	slv
zato što	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	ker	subordinatingConjunction	slv
kao što	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	kot	subordinatingConjunction	slv
koji	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	ki	subordinatingConjunction	slv
kako	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	kako	subordinatingConjunction	slv
gdje	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	kje	adverb	slv
nego	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	kot	subordinatingConjunction	slv
kad	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	ko	subordinatingConjunction	slv
pošto	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	potem ko	subordinatingConjunction	slv
budući da	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	od	subordinatingConjunction	slv
što	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	kar	subordinatingConjunction	slv
što	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	kaj	subordinatingConjunction	slv
iako	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	čeprav	subordinatingConjunction	slv
makar	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	vsaj	subordinatingConjunction	slv
ako i	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	če in	subordinatingConjunction	slv
dok	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	medtem ko	subordinatingConjunction	slv
dok	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	dokler	subordinatingConjunction	slv
no	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	vendar	subordinatingConjunction	slv
jer	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	ker	subordinatingConjunction	slv
jer	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	saj	subordinatingConjunction	slv
stoga	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	zato	subordinatingConjunction	slv
stoga	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	torej	subordinatingConjunction	slv
mada	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	čeprav	subordinatingConjunction	slv
mada	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	vendar	subordinatingConjunction	slv
neka	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	naj	subordinatingConjunction	slv
predno	adverb	hbs	predno	subordinatingConjunction	slv
otkako	adverb	hbs	odkar	subordinatingConjunction	slv
kad	adverb	hbs	kadar	subordinatingConjunction	slv
otkad	adverb	hbs	odkar	subordinatingConjunction	slv
ako	adverb	hbs	če	subordinatingConjunction	slv
ipak	adverb	hbs	vendar	subordinatingConjunction	slv
odnosno	adverb	hbs	oziroma	coordinatingConjunction	slv
otkada	adverb	hbs	odkar	subordinatingConjunction	slv
ikamo	adverb	hbs	kam	coordinatingConjunction	slv
otkud	adverb	hbs	od kod	coordinatingConjunction	slv
otkuda	adverb	hbs	od kod	coordinatingConjunction	slv
odakle	adverb	hbs	od kod	coordinatingConjunction	slv
dokle	adverb	hbs	do kod	coordinatingConjunction	slv
ikud	adverb	hbs	kam	coordinatingConjunction	slv
koliko	pronoun	hbs	koliko	coordinatingConjunction	slv
zašto	pronoun	hbs	zakaj	pronoun	slv
dvoje	numeral	hbs	dvoje	numeral	slv
pedesetak	numeral	hbs	petdesetak	numeral	slv
jedan	numeral	hbs	en	numeral	slv
dva	numeral	hbs	dva	numeral	slv
tri	numeral	hbs	tri	numeral	slv
četiri	numeral	hbs	štiri	numeral	slv
pet	numeral	hbs	pet	numeral	slv
šest	numeral	hbs	šest	numeral	slv
sedam	numeral	hbs	sedem	numeral	slv
osam	numeral	hbs	osem	numeral	slv
devet	numeral	hbs	devet	numeral	slv
deset	numeral	hbs	deset	numeral	slv
jedanaest	numeral	hbs	enajst	numeral	slv
dvanaest	numeral	hbs	dvanajst	numeral	slv
trinaest	numeral	hbs	trinajst	numeral	slv
četrnaest	numeral	hbs	štirinajst	numeral	slv
petnaest	numeral	hbs	petnajst	numeral	slv
šesnaest	numeral	hbs	šestnajst	numeral	slv
sedamnaest	numeral	hbs	sedemnajst	numeral	slv
osamnaest	numeral	hbs	osemnajst	numeral	slv
devetnaest	numeral	hbs	devetnajst	numeral	slv
dvadeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enaindvajseter	numeral	slv
trideset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enaintrideseter	numeral	slv
četrdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainštirideseter	numeral	slv
pedeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainpetdeseter	numeral	slv
šezdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainšestdeseter	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainsedemdeseter	numeral	slv
osamdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainosemdeseter	numeral	slv
devedeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enaindevetdeseter	numeral	slv
dvadeset	numeral	hbs	dvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enaindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvaindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i tri	numeral	hbs	triindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i pet	numeral	hbs	petindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedemindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i osam	numeral	hbs	osemindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetindvajset	numeral	slv
trideset	numeral	hbs	trideset	numeral	slv
trideset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enaintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvaintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i tri	numeral	hbs	triintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i pet	numeral	hbs	petintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedemintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i osam	numeral	hbs	osemintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetintrideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset	numeral	hbs	štirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvainštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i tri	numeral	hbs	triinštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriinštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i pet	numeral	hbs	petinštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestinštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedeminštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i osam	numeral	hbs	oseminštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetinštirideset	numeral	slv
pedeset	numeral	hbs	petdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvainpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i tri	numeral	hbs	triinpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriinpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i pet	numeral	hbs	petinpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestinpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedeminpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i osam	numeral	hbs	oseminpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetinpetdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset	numeral	hbs	šestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvainšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i tri	numeral	hbs	triinšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriinšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i pet	numeral	hbs	petinšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestinšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedeminšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i osam	numeral	hbs	oseminšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetinšestdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset	numeral	hbs	sedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvainsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i tri	numeral	hbs	triinsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriinsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i pet	numeral	hbs	petinsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestinsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedeminsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i osam	numeral	hbs	oseminsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetinsedemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset	numeral	hbs	osemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvainosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i tri	numeral	hbs	triinosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriinosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i pet	numeral	hbs	petinosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestinosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedeminosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i osam	numeral	hbs	oseminosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetinosemdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset	numeral	hbs	devetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enaindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvaindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i tri	numeral	hbs	triindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i pet	numeral	hbs	petindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedemindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i osam	numeral	hbs	osemindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetindevetdeset	numeral	slv
sto	numeral	hbs	sto	numeral	slv
tisuća	numeral	hbs	tisoč	numeral	slv
tisuća	numeral	hbs	tisoč	numeral	slv
jedan	numeral	hbs	en	numeral	slv
dva	numeral	hbs	dva	numeral	slv
tri	numeral	hbs	tri	numeral	slv
četiri	numeral	hbs	štiri	numeral	slv
pet	numeral	hbs	pet	numeral	slv
šest	numeral	hbs	šest	numeral	slv
sedam	numeral	hbs	sedem	numeral	slv
osam	numeral	hbs	osem	numeral	slv
devet	numeral	hbs	devet	numeral	slv
deset	numeral	hbs	deset	numeral	slv
jedanaest	numeral	hbs	enajst	numeral	slv
dvanaest	numeral	hbs	dvanajst	numeral	slv
trinaest	numeral	hbs	trinajst	numeral	slv
četrnaest	numeral	hbs	štirinajst	numeral	slv
petnaest	numeral	hbs	petnajst	numeral	slv
šesnaest	numeral	hbs	šestnajst	numeral	slv
sedamnaest	numeral	hbs	sedemnajst	numeral	slv
osamnaest	numeral	hbs	osemnajst	numeral	slv
devetnaest	numeral	hbs	devetnajst	numeral	slv
dvadeset	numeral	hbs	dvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enaindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvaindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i tri	numeral	hbs	triindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i pet	numeral	hbs	petindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedemindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i osam	numeral	hbs	osemindvajset	numeral	slv
dvadeset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetindvajset	numeral	slv
trideset	numeral	hbs	trideset	numeral	slv
trideset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enaintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvaintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i tri	numeral	hbs	triintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i pet	numeral	hbs	petintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedemintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i osam	numeral	hbs	osemintrideset	numeral	slv
trideset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetintrideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset	numeral	hbs	štirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvainštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i tri	numeral	hbs	triinštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriinštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i pet	numeral	hbs	petinštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestinštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedeminštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i osam	numeral	hbs	oseminštirideset	numeral	slv
četrdeset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetinštirideset	numeral	slv
pedeset	numeral	hbs	petdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvainpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i tri	numeral	hbs	triinpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriinpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i pet	numeral	hbs	petinpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestinpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedeminpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i osam	numeral	hbs	oseminpetdeset	numeral	slv
pedeset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetinpetdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset	numeral	hbs	šestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvainšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i tri	numeral	hbs	triinšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriinšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i pet	numeral	hbs	petinšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestinšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedeminšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i osam	numeral	hbs	oseminšestdeset	numeral	slv
šezdeset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetinšestdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset	numeral	hbs	sedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvainsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i tri	numeral	hbs	triinsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriinsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i pet	numeral	hbs	petinsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestinsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedeminsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i osam	numeral	hbs	oseminsedemdeset	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetinsedemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset	numeral	hbs	osemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enainosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvainosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i tri	numeral	hbs	triinosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriinosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i pet	numeral	hbs	petinosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestinosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedeminosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i osam	numeral	hbs	oseminosemdeset	numeral	slv
osamdeset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetinosemdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset	numeral	hbs	devetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	enaindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i dva	numeral	hbs	dvaindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i tri	numeral	hbs	triindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	štiriindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i pet	numeral	hbs	petindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i šest	numeral	hbs	šestindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sedemindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i osam	numeral	hbs	osemindevetdeset	numeral	slv
devedeset i devet	numeral	hbs	devetindevetdeset	numeral	slv
sto	numeral	hbs	sto	numeral	slv
prvi	numeral	hbs	prvi	numeral	slv
drugi	numeral	hbs	drugi	numeral	slv
treći	numeral	hbs	tretji	numeral	slv
četvrti	numeral	hbs	četrti	numeral	slv
peti	numeral	hbs	peti	numeral	slv
šesti	numeral	hbs	šesti	numeral	slv
sedmi	numeral	hbs	sedmi	numeral	slv
osmi	numeral	hbs	osmi	numeral	slv
deveti	numeral	hbs	deveti	numeral	slv
deseti	numeral	hbs	deseti	numeral	slv
jedanaesti	numeral	hbs	enajsti	numeral	slv
dvanaesti	numeral	hbs	dvanajsti	numeral	slv
trinaesti	numeral	hbs	trinajsti	numeral	slv
četrnaesti	numeral	hbs	štirinajsti	numeral	slv
petnaesti	numeral	hbs	petnajsti	numeral	slv
šesnaesti	numeral	hbs	šestnajsti	numeral	slv
sedamnaesti	numeral	hbs	sedemnajsti	numeral	slv
osamnaesti	numeral	hbs	osemnajsti	numeral	slv
devetnaesti	numeral	hbs	devetnajsti	numeral	slv
dvadeseti	numeral	hbs	dvajseti	numeral	slv
dvoje	numeral	hbs	dvoj	numeral	slv
troje	numeral	hbs	troj	numeral	slv
četvero	numeral	hbs	četver	numeral	slv
petero	numeral	hbs	peter	numeral	slv
šestero	numeral	hbs	šester	numeral	slv
sedmero	numeral	hbs	sedmer	numeral	slv
osmero	numeral	hbs	osmer	numeral	slv
devetero	numeral	hbs	deveter	numeral	slv
desetero	numeral	hbs	deseter	numeral	slv
jedanaestero	numeral	hbs	enajster	numeral	slv
dvanaestero	numeral	hbs	dvanajster	numeral	slv
trinaestero	numeral	hbs	trinajster	numeral	slv
četrnaestero	numeral	hbs	štirinajster	numeral	slv
petnaestero	numeral	hbs	petnajster	numeral	slv
šesnaestero	numeral	hbs	šestnajster	numeral	slv
sedamnaestero	numeral	hbs	sedemnajster	numeral	slv
osamnaestero	numeral	hbs	osemnajster	numeral	slv
devetnaestero	numeral	hbs	devetnajster	numeral	slv
dvadesetero	numeral	hbs	dvajseter	numeral	slv
dvadeset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	dvaindvajseter	numeral	slv
dvadeset i troje	numeral	hbs	triindvajseter	numeral	slv
dvadeset i četvero	numeral	hbs	štiriindvajseter	numeral	slv
dvadeset i petero	numeral	hbs	petindvajseter	numeral	slv
dvadeset i šestero	numeral	hbs	šestindvajseter	numeral	slv
dvadeset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	sedemindvajseter	numeral	slv
dvadeset i osmero	numeral	hbs	osemindvajseter	numeral	slv
dvadeset i devetero	numeral	hbs	devetindvajseter	numeral	slv
tridesetero	numeral	hbs	trideseter	numeral	slv
trideset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	dvaintrideseter	numeral	slv
trideset i troje	numeral	hbs	triintrideseter	numeral	slv
trideset i četvero	numeral	hbs	štiriintrideseter	numeral	slv
trideset i petero	numeral	hbs	petintrideseter	numeral	slv
trideset i šestero	numeral	hbs	šestintrideseter	numeral	slv
trideset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	sedemintrideseter	numeral	slv
trideset i osmero	numeral	hbs	osemintrideseter	numeral	slv
trideset i devetero	numeral	hbs	devetintrideseter	numeral	slv
četrdesetero	numeral	hbs	štirideseter	numeral	slv
četrdeset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	dvainštirideseter	numeral	slv
četrdeset i troje	numeral	hbs	triinštirideseter	numeral	slv
četrdeset i četvero	numeral	hbs	štiriinštirideseter	numeral	slv
četrdeset i petero	numeral	hbs	petinštirideseter	numeral	slv
četrdeset i šestero	numeral	hbs	šestinštirideseter	numeral	slv
četrdeset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	sedeminštirideseter	numeral	slv
četrdeset i osmero	numeral	hbs	oseminštirideseter	numeral	slv
četrdeset i devetero	numeral	hbs	devetinštirideseter	numeral	slv
pedesetero	numeral	hbs	petdeseter	numeral	slv
pedeset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	dvainpetdeseter	numeral	slv
pedeset i troje	numeral	hbs	triinpetdeseter	numeral	slv
pedeset i četvero	numeral	hbs	štiriinpetdeseter	numeral	slv
pedeset i petero	numeral	hbs	petinpetdeseter	numeral	slv
pedeset i šestero	numeral	hbs	šestinpetdeseter	numeral	slv
pedeset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	sedeminpetdeseter	numeral	slv
pedeset i osmero	numeral	hbs	oseminpetdeseter	numeral	slv
pedeset i devetero	numeral	hbs	devetinpetdeseter	numeral	slv
šezdesetero	numeral	hbs	šestdeseter	numeral	slv
šezdeset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	dvainšestdeseter	numeral	slv
šezdeset i troje	numeral	hbs	triinšestdeseter	numeral	slv
šezdeset i četvero	numeral	hbs	štiriinšestdeseter	numeral	slv
šezdeset i petero	numeral	hbs	petinšestdeseter	numeral	slv
šezdeset i šestero	numeral	hbs	šestinšestdeseter	numeral	slv
šezdeset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	sedeminšestdeseter	numeral	slv
šezdeset i osmero	numeral	hbs	oseminšestdeseter	numeral	slv
šezdeset i devetero	numeral	hbs	devetinšestdeseter	numeral	slv
sedamdesetero	numeral	hbs	sedemdeseter	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	dvainsedemdeseter	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i troje	numeral	hbs	triinsedemdeseter	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i četvero	numeral	hbs	štiriinsedemdeseter	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i petero	numeral	hbs	petinsedemdeseter	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i šestero	numeral	hbs	šestinsedemdeseter	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	sedeminsedemdeseter	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i osmero	numeral	hbs	oseminsedemdeseter	numeral	slv
sedamdeset i devetero	numeral	hbs	devetinsedemdeseter	numeral	slv
osamdesetero	numeral	hbs	osemdeseter	numeral	slv
osamdeset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	dvainosemdeseter	numeral	slv
osamdeset i troje	numeral	hbs	triinosemdeseter	numeral	slv
osamdeset i četvero	numeral	hbs	štiriinosemdeseter	numeral	slv
osamdeset i petero	numeral	hbs	petinosemdeseter	numeral	slv
osamdeset i šestero	numeral	hbs	šestinosemdeseter	numeral	slv
osamdeset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	sedeminosemdeseter	numeral	slv
osamdeset i osmero	numeral	hbs	oseminosemdeseter	numeral	slv
osamdeset i devetero	numeral	hbs	devetinosemdeseter	numeral	slv
devedesetero	numeral	hbs	devetdeseter	numeral	slv
devedeset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	dvaindevetdeseter	numeral	slv
devedeset i troje	numeral	hbs	triindevetdeseter	numeral	slv
devedeset i četvero	numeral	hbs	štiriindevetdeseter	numeral	slv
devedeset i petero	numeral	hbs	petindevetdeseter	numeral	slv
devedeset i šestero	numeral	hbs	šestindevetdeseter	numeral	slv
devedeset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	sedemindevetdeseter	numeral	slv
devedeset i osmero	numeral	hbs	osemindevetdeseter	numeral	slv
devedeset i devetero	numeral	hbs	devetindevetdeseter	numeral	slv
stotina	noun	hbs	stoter	numeral	slv
apsolutno	adverb	hbs	absolutno	adverb	slv
administrativno	adverb	hbs	administrativno	adverb	slv
akademski	adverb	hbs	akademsko	adverb	slv
anonimno	adverb	hbs	anonimno	adverb	slv
starinski	adverb	hbs	antično	adverb	slv
automatski	adverb	hbs	avtomatsko	adverb	slv
betonski	adverb	hbs	betonsko	adverb	slv
površno	adverb	hbs	bežno	adverb	slv
korisno	adverb	hbs	blagodejno	adverb	slv
borbeno	adverb	hbs	bojno	adverb	slv
bolno	adverb	hbs	boleče	adverb	slv
bolno	adverb	hbs	boleč	adverb	slv
bolno	adverb	hbs	bolestno	adverb	slv
borbeno	adverb	hbs	boreče	adverb	slv
brutalno	adverb	hbs	brutalno	adverb	slv
brzo	adverb	hbs	brž	adverb	slv
cjelokupno	adverb	hbs	celotno	adverb	slv
carski	adverb	hbs	cesarsko	adverb	slv
češki	adverb	hbs	češko	adverb	slv
više	adverb	hbs	čez	adverb	slv
ciganski	adverb	hbs	cigansko	adverb	slv
kao	adverb	hbs	čim	adverb	slv
civilno	adverb	hbs	civilno	adverb	slv
crno	adverb	hbs	črneč	adverb	slv
crnogorski	adverb	hbs	črnogorsko	adverb	slv
čudesno	adverb	hbs	čudodelno	adverb	slv
dalje	adverb	hbs	dalje	adverb	slv
danas	adverb	hbs	danes	adverb	slv
poslijepodne	adverb	hbs	popoldne	adverb	slv
kratkoročno	adverb	hbs	kratkoročno	adverb	slv
napokon	adverb	hbs	napokon	adverb	slv
sve više i više	adverb	hbs	postopoma	adverb	slv
danski	adverb	hbs	dansko	adverb	slv
porezno	adverb	hbs	davčno	adverb	slv
zapravo	adverb	hbs	dejansko	adverb	slv
djelimično	adverb	hbs	delno	adverb	slv
djelimično	adverb	hbs	deloma	adverb	slv
radno	adverb	hbs	delovno	adverb	slv
novčano	adverb	hbs	denarno	adverb	slv
konačno	adverb	hbs	dokončno	adverb	slv
dolje	adverb	hbs	dol	adverb	slv
dopunski	adverb	hbs	dopolnjujoč	adverb	slv
do sada	adverb	hbs	doslej	adverb	slv
puno	adverb	hbs	dosti	adverb	slv
prethodno	adverb	hbs	dotlej	adverb	slv
dovoljno	adverb	hbs	dovolj	adverb	slv
dramski	adverb	hbs	dramsko	adverb	slv
socijalno	adverb	hbs	družabno	adverb	slv
kolektivno	adverb	hbs	družno	adverb	slv
državno	adverb	hbs	državno	adverb	slv
duhovno	adverb	hbs	duhovno	adverb	slv
jedino	adverb	hbs	edino	adverb	slv
jedinstveno	adverb	hbs	edinstveno	adverb	slv
ekološki	adverb	hbs	ekološko	adverb	slv
jednako	adverb	hbs	enako	adverb	slv
jednom	adverb	hbs	enkrat	adverb	slv
dvaput	adverb	hbs	dvakrat	adverb	slv
jednostrano	adverb	hbs	enostransko	adverb	slv
moralno	adverb	hbs	etično	adverb	slv
fantastično	adverb	hbs	fantastično	adverb	slv
francuski	adverb	hbs	francosko	adverb	slv
električno	adverb	hbs	električno	adverb	slv
glavno	adverb	hbs	glavno	adverb	slv
materijalno	adverb	hbs	gmotno	adverb	slv
grčki	adverb	hbs	grško	adverb	slv
istovremeno	adverb	hbs	hkrati	adverb	slv
postepeno	adverb	hbs	postopno	adverb	slv
hrvatski	adverb	hbs	hrvaško	adverb	slv
ilirski	adverb	hbs	ilirsko	adverb	slv
industrijski	adverb	hbs	industrijsko	adverb	slv
irski	adverb	hbs	irsko	adverb	slv
islandski	adverb	hbs	islandsko	adverb	slv
istovremeno	adverb	hbs	istočasno	adverb	slv
talijanski	adverb	hbs	italijansko	adverb	slv
izuzetno	adverb	hbs	izjemoma	adverb	slv
samo	adverb	hbs	izključno	adverb	slv
izraelski	adverb	hbs	izraelsko	adverb	slv
jadranski	adverb	hbs	jadransko	adverb	slv
japanski	adverb	hbs	japonsko	adverb	slv
nuklearno	adverb	hbs	jedrsko	adverb	slv
ljuto	adverb	hbs	jezno	adverb	slv
sutra	adverb	hbs	jutri	adverb	slv
kao	adverb	hbs	kakor	adverb	slv
kameno	adverb	hbs	kameno	adverb	slv
kameno	adverb	hbs	kamnito	adverb	slv
katastrofalno	adverb	hbs	katastrofalno	adverb	slv
kada	adverb	hbs	kdaj	adverb	slv
kineski	adverb	hbs	kitajsko	adverb	slv
kuda	adverb	hbs	kod	adverb	slv
ikuda	adverb	hbs	kod	adverb	slv
konstruktivno	adverb	hbs	konstruktivno	adverb	slv
pravilno	adverb	hbs	korektno	adverb	slv
gusto	adverb	hbs	košato	adverb	slv
kulturno	adverb	hbs	kulturno	adverb	slv
zarazno	adverb	hbs	kužno	adverb	slv
gladno	adverb	hbs	lačno	adverb	slv
vlastito	adverb	hbs	lastno	adverb	slv
lažno	adverb	hbs	lažno	adverb	slv
legendarno	adverb	hbs	legendarno	adverb	slv
godišnje	adverb	hbs	letno	adverb	slv
ljudski	adverb	hbs	ljudsko	adverb	slv
malo	adverb	hbs	malce	adverb	slv
masovno	adverb	hbs	masovno	adverb	slv
materijalno	adverb	hbs	materialno	adverb	slv
mjesečno	adverb	hbs	mesečno	adverb	slv
prosječno	adverb	hbs	povprečno	adverb	slv
pored	adverb	hbs	mimo	adverb	slv
često	adverb	hbs	mnogokrat	adverb	slv
pokretno	adverb	hbs	mobilno	adverb	slv
modno	adverb	hbs	modno	adverb	slv
možda	adverb	hbs	mogoče	adverb	slv
mongolski	adverb	hbs	mongolsko	adverb	slv
morski	adverb	hbs	morsko	adverb	slv
mračno	adverb	hbs	mrko	adverb	slv
državno	adverb	hbs	nacionalno	adverb	slv
dalje	adverb	hbs	nadalje	adverb	slv
bolno	adverb	hbs	mukoma	adverb	slv
naprijed	adverb	hbs	najprej	adverb	slv
unaprijed	adverb	hbs	vnaprej	adverb	slv
zatim	adverb	hbs	nakar	adverb	slv
namjerno	adverb	hbs	nalašč	adverb	slv
namjerno	adverb	hbs	namensko	adverb	slv
namjerno	adverb	hbs	namerno	adverb	slv
konačno	adverb	hbs	naposled	adverb	slv
ravno	adverb	hbs	naravnost	adverb	slv
pogrešno	adverb	hbs	narobe	adverb	slv
narodno	adverb	hbs	narodno	adverb	slv
uopšte	adverb	hbs	nasploh	adverb	slv
zatim	adverb	hbs	nato	adverb	slv
obično	adverb	hbs	navadno	adverb	slv
van	adverb	hbs	navzven	adverb	slv
nepokretno	adverb	hbs	negibno	adverb	slv
ogromno	adverb	hbs	neizmerno	adverb	slv
nekoliko	adverb	hbs	nekaj	adverb	slv
nekamo	adverb	hbs	nekam	adverb	slv
nekud	adverb	hbs	nekam	adverb	slv
nekad	adverb	hbs	nekdaj	adverb	slv
negdje	adverb	hbs	nekje	adverb	slv
jednom	adverb	hbs	nekoč	adverb	slv
negdje	adverb	hbs	nekod	adverb	slv
nekoliko	adverb	hbs	nekoliko	adverb	slv
slobodno	adverb	hbs	nenaseljeno	adverb	slv
konačno	adverb	hbs	nenazadnje	adverb	slv
trajno	adverb	hbs	nenehno	adverb	slv
trajno	adverb	hbs	nenehoma	adverb	slv
sigurno	adverb	hbs	nenevarno	adverb	slv
hitno	adverb	hbs	neodložljivo	adverb	slv
nezavisno	adverb	hbs	neodvisno	adverb	slv
pogrešno	adverb	hbs	nepravo	adverb	slv
neprihvatljivo	adverb	hbs	nepriljubljeno	adverb	slv
često	adverb	hbs	neredko	adverb	slv
nervozno	adverb	hbs	nervozno	adverb	slv
neformalno	adverb	hbs	neuradno	adverb	slv
neumorno	adverb	hbs	neutrudno	adverb	slv
nedovoljno	adverb	hbs	nezadostno	adverb	slv
silno	adverb	hbs	neznansko	adverb	slv
nikamo	adverb	hbs	nikamor	adverb	slv
nikada	adverb	hbs	nikdar	adverb	slv
nigdje	adverb	hbs	nikjer	adverb	slv
nigdje	adverb	hbs	nikoder	adverb	slv
nikada	adverb	hbs	nikoli	adverb	slv
večeras	adverb	hbs	nocoj	adverb	slv
nomadski	adverb	hbs	nomadsko	adverb	slv
unutra	adverb	hbs	noter	adverb	slv
također	adverb	hbs	obenem	adverb	slv
obično	adverb	hbs	običajno	adverb	slv
mnogo	adverb	hbs	obilo	adverb	slv
otvoreno	adverb	hbs	odprto	adverb	slv
ogromno	adverb	hbs	ogromno	adverb	slv
oko	adverb	hbs	okoli	adverb	slv
operativno	adverb	hbs	operativno	adverb	slv
pažljivo	adverb	hbs	oprezno	adverb	slv
pravoslavno	adverb	hbs	ortodoksno	adverb	slv
pasivno	adverb	hbs	pasivno	adverb	slv
ljuto	adverb	hbs	pekoče	adverb	slv
trajno	adverb	hbs	permanentno	adverb	slv
pješice	adverb	hbs	peš	adverb	slv
plastično	adverb	hbs	plastično	adverb	slv
ravno	adverb	hbs	ploščato	adverb	slv
slično	adverb	hbs	podobno	adverb	slv
uvjetno	adverb	hbs	pogojno	adverb	slv
prekosutra	adverb	hbs	pojutrišnjem	adverb	slv
profesionalno	adverb	hbs	poklicno	adverb	slv
uspravno	adverb	hbs	pokonci	adverb	slv
ljetno	adverb	hbs	poletno	adverb	slv
obično	adverb	hbs	ponavadi	adverb	slv
ponovno	adverb	hbs	ponovno	adverb	slv
potpuno	adverb	hbs	popolnoma	adverb	slv
tada	adverb	hbs	potlej	adverb	slv
uglavnom	adverb	hbs	povečini	adverb	slv
sasvim	adverb	hbs	povsem	adverb	slv
svuda	adverb	hbs	povsod	adverb	slv
praktično	adverb	hbs	praktično	adverb	slv
svečano	adverb	hbs	praznično	adverb	slv
prošlo	adverb	hbs	prejšnje	adverb	slv
lažno	adverb	hbs	pretvarjajoč	adverb	slv
prijateljski	adverb	hbs	prijateljsko	adverb	slv
prisutno	adverb	hbs	prisotno	adverb	slv
uslovno	adverb	hbs	provizorično	adverb	slv
prvi put	adverb	hbs	prvikrat	adverb	slv
psihijatrijski	adverb	hbs	psihiatrično	adverb	slv
radije	adverb	hbs	raje	adverb	slv
radije	adverb	hbs	rajši	adverb	slv
crveno	adverb	hbs	rdeče	adverb	slv
crveno	adverb	hbs	rdeč	adverb	slv
vjerski	adverb	hbs	religiozno	adverb	slv
doista	adverb	hbs	resda	adverb	slv
stvarno	adverb	hbs	res	adverb	slv
romantično	adverb	hbs	romantično	adverb	slv
rumunjski	adverb	hbs	romunsko	adverb	slv
ružno	adverb	hbs	rožno	adverb	slv
žuto	adverb	hbs	rumeno	adverb	slv
samo	adverb	hbs	samkrat	adverb	slv
sada	adverb	hbs	sedaj	adverb	slv
simpatično	adverb	hbs	simpatično	adverb	slv
sistemski	adverb	hbs	sistemsko	adverb	slv
skandinavski	adverb	hbs	skandinavsko	adverb	slv
škotski	adverb	hbs	škotsko	adverb	slv
loše	adverb	hbs	slabe	adverb	slv
svečano	adverb	hbs	slavnostno	adverb	slv
sljedeće	adverb	hbs	sledeče	adverb	slv
kasnije	adverb	hbs	slej	adverb	slv
slovački	adverb	hbs	slovaško	adverb	slv
slovenski	adverb	hbs	slovensko	adverb	slv
službeno	adverb	hbs	službeno	adverb	slv
smrtno	adverb	hbs	smrtno	adverb	slv
istovremeno	adverb	hbs	sočasno	adverb	slv
socijalistički	adverb	hbs	socialistično	adverb	slv
socijalno	adverb	hbs	socialno	adverb	slv
sudski	adverb	hbs	sodno	adverb	slv
solidarno	adverb	hbs	solidarno	adverb	slv
relativno	adverb	hbs	sorazmerno	adverb	slv
opet	adverb	hbs	spet	adverb	slv
starinski	adverb	hbs	staromodno	adverb	slv
teško	adverb	hbs	stežka	adverb	slv
strašno	adverb	hbs	strašansko	adverb	slv
strogo	adverb	hbs	striktno	adverb	slv
strojno	adverb	hbs	strojno	adverb	slv
otrovno	adverb	hbs	strupeno	adverb	slv
sumnjivo	adverb	hbs	sumničavo	adverb	slv
svečano	adverb	hbs	svečano	adverb	slv
tada	adverb	hbs	takrat	adverb	slv
tamo	adverb	hbs	tam	adverb	slv
tada	adverb	hbs	tedaj	adverb	slv
osnovno	adverb	hbs	temeljno	adverb	slv
teoretski	adverb	hbs	teoretično	adverb	slv
teroristički	adverb	hbs	teroristično	adverb	slv
onamo	adverb	hbs	tja	adverb	slv
tradicionalno	adverb	hbs	tradicionalno	adverb	slv
tragično	adverb	hbs	tragično	adverb	slv
ovdje	adverb	hbs	tu	adverb	slv
prljavo	adverb	hbs	umazano	adverb	slv
mirno	adverb	hbs	umirjeno	adverb	slv
ustavno	adverb	hbs	ustavno	adverb	slv
sigurno	adverb	hbs	varnostno	adverb	slv
ponekad	adverb	hbs	včasih	adverb	slv
jučer	adverb	hbs	včeraj	adverb	slv
pretežno	adverb	hbs	večinoma	adverb	slv
pretežno	adverb	hbs	pretežno	adverb	slv
više	adverb	hbs	več	adverb	slv
uvijek	adverb	hbs	vedno	adverb	slv
svjesno	adverb	hbs	vedoč	adverb	slv
vječno	adverb	hbs	vekomaj	adverb	slv
ogromno	adverb	hbs	velikansko	adverb	slv
često	adverb	hbs	velikokrat	adverb	slv
van	adverb	hbs	ven	adverb	slv
visoko	adverb	hbs	visoko	adverb	slv
opet	adverb	hbs	vnovič	adverb	slv
vojno	adverb	hbs	vojaško	adverb	slv
dnevno	adverb	hbs	vsakodnevno	adverb	slv
sigurno	adverb	hbs	vsekakor	adverb	slv
svuda	adverb	hbs	vsepovsod	adverb	slv
uvijek	adverb	hbs	vseskozi	adverb	slv
dovoljno	adverb	hbs	zadosti	adverb	slv
zasada	adverb	hbs	zaenkrat	adverb	slv
zasada	adverb	hbs	zaenkrat	adverb	slv
sigurno	adverb	hbs	zagotovo	adverb	slv
legalno	adverb	hbs	zakonito	adverb	slv
pažljivo	adverb	hbs	zamišljeno	adverb	slv
stvarno	adverb	hbs	zares	adverb	slv
zaštitno	adverb	hbs	zaščitniško	adverb	slv
privremeno	adverb	hbs	zasilno	adverb	slv
zabrinuto	adverb	hbs	zaskrbljeno	adverb	slv
zato	adverb	hbs	zato	adverb	slv
svjesno	adverb	hbs	zavestno	adverb	slv
sada	adverb	hbs	zdaj	adverb	slv
vrlo	adverb	hbs	zelo	adverb	slv
povijesno	adverb	hbs	zgodovinsko	adverb	slv
tvrdo	adverb	hbs	žilavo	adverb	slv
živčano	adverb	hbs	živčno	adverb	slv
pobjedonosno	adverb	hbs	zmagoslavno	adverb	slv
uvijek	adverb	hbs	zmeraj	adverb	slv
uvijek	adverb	hbs	zmerom	adverb	slv
pogrešno	adverb	hbs	zmotno	adverb	slv
znanstveno	adverb	hbs	znanstveno	adverb	slv
opet	adverb	hbs	znova	adverb	slv
vani	adverb	hbs	zunaj	adverb	slv
inozemno	adverb	hbs	zunanje	adverb	slv
u pravilu	adverb	hbs	praviloma	adverb	slv
zvučno	adverb	hbs	zveneče	adverb	slv
zvučno	adverb	hbs	zvočno	adverb	slv
alpski	adverb	hbs	alpsko	adverb	slv
engleski	adverb	hbs	angleško	adverb	slv
arapski	adverb	hbs	arabsko	adverb	slv
atomski	adverb	hbs	atomsko	adverb	slv
automatski	adverb	hbs	avtomatično	adverb	slv
autorski	adverb	hbs	avtorsko	adverb	slv
radnički	adverb	hbs	delavsko	adverb	slv
demografski	adverb	hbs	demografsko	adverb	slv
demokratski	adverb	hbs	demokratično	adverb	slv
diplomatski	adverb	hbs	diplomatsko	adverb	slv
disciplinski	adverb	hbs	disciplinsko	adverb	slv
ekonomski	adverb	hbs	ekonomsko	adverb	slv
etrurski	adverb	hbs	etruščansko	adverb	slv
filmski	adverb	hbs	filmsko	adverb	slv
filozofski	adverb	hbs	filozofsko	adverb	slv
financijski	adverb	hbs	finančno	adverb	slv
fotografski	adverb	hbs	fotografsko	adverb	slv
planinski	adverb	hbs	gorsko	adverb	slv
ekonomski	adverb	hbs	gospodarsko	adverb	slv
dobrovoljno	adverb	hbs	hotno	adverb	slv
indijski	adverb	hbs	indijsko	adverb	slv
informacijski	adverb	hbs	informacijsko	adverb	slv
kemijski	adverb	hbs	kemično	adverb	slv
klimatski	adverb	hbs	klimatsko	adverb	slv
korejski	adverb	hbs	korejsko	adverb	slv
kraljevski	adverb	hbs	kraljevsko	adverb	slv
brodski	adverb	hbs	ladijsko	adverb	slv
latinski	adverb	hbs	latinsko	adverb	slv
gradski	adverb	hbs	mestno	adverb	slv
njemački	adverb	hbs	nemško	adverb	slv
nestranački	adverb	hbs	nestrankarsko	adverb	slv
norveški	adverb	hbs	norveško	adverb	slv
općinski	adverb	hbs	občinsko	adverb	slv
organizacijski	adverb	hbs	organizacijsko	adverb	slv
partijski	adverb	hbs	partijsko	adverb	slv
politički	adverb	hbs	politično	adverb	slv
poljski	adverb	hbs	poljsko	adverb	slv
portugalski	adverb	hbs	portugalsko	adverb	slv
volonterski	adverb	hbs	prostovoljno	adverb	slv
rimski	adverb	hbs	rimsko	adverb	slv
ciganski	adverb	hbs	romsko	adverb	slv
ruski	adverb	hbs	rusko	adverb	slv
automatski	adverb	hbs	samodejno	adverb	slv
saksonski	adverb	hbs	saško	adverb	slv
školski	adverb	hbs	šolsko	adverb	slv
somalijski	adverb	hbs	somalsko	adverb	slv
neprijateljski	adverb	hbs	sovražno	adverb	slv
španjolski	adverb	hbs	špansko	adverb	slv
sportski	adverb	hbs	športno	adverb	slv
srpski	adverb	hbs	srbsko	adverb	slv
strateški	adverb	hbs	strateško	adverb	slv
švedski	adverb	hbs	švedsko	adverb	slv
tehnički	adverb	hbs	tehnično	adverb	slv
telefonski	adverb	hbs	telefonsko	adverb	slv
turski	adverb	hbs	turško	adverb	slv
medicinski	adverb	hbs	zdravniško	adverb	slv
geografski	adverb	hbs	zemljepisno	adverb	slv
ženevski	adverb	hbs	ženevsko	adverb	slv
ženski	adverb	hbs	ženevsko	adverb	slv
životinjski	adverb	hbs	živalsko	adverb	slv
anonimno	adverb	hbs	brezimno	adverb	slv
cijelo	adverb	hbs	docela	adverb	slv
doma	adverb	hbs	doma	adverb	slv
često	adverb	hbs	dostikrat	adverb	slv
jesenski	adverb	hbs	jesensko	adverb	slv
ljubljanski	adverb	hbs	ljubljansko	adverb	slv
moralno	adverb	hbs	moralno	adverb	slv
radije	adverb	hbs	najrajši	adverb	slv
zarazno	adverb	hbs	nalezljivo	adverb	slv
naprijed	adverb	hbs	naprej	adverb	slv
krajnje	adverb	hbs	nazadnje	adverb	slv
ukrug	adverb	hbs	okrog	adverb	slv
oko	adverb	hbs	okoli	adverb	slv
ovalno	adverb	hbs	ovalno	adverb	slv
danju	adverb	hbs	podnevi	adverb	slv
katastrofalno	adverb	hbs	porazno	adverb	slv
onda	adverb	hbs	potem	adverb	slv
pravilno	adverb	hbs	prav	adverb	slv
pravo	adverb	hbs	pravo	adverb	slv
jednostavno	adverb	hbs	preprosto	adverb	slv
sivo	adverb	hbs	sivo	adverb	slv
zajedno	adverb	hbs	skupaj	adverb	slv
staro	adverb	hbs	starostno	adverb	slv
tuda	adverb	hbs	tod	adverb	slv
ovdje	adverb	hbs	tukaj	adverb	slv
ovdje	adverb	hbs	tule	adverb	slv
međutim	adverb	hbs	vseeno	adverb	slv
svakud	adverb	hbs	povsod	adverb	slv
tud	adverb	hbs	tod	adverb	slv
kako	adverb	hbs	kako	adverb	slv
nekako	adverb	hbs	nekako	adverb	slv
svakad	adverb	hbs	vedno	adverb	slv
prosječno	adverb	hbs	povprečno	adverb	slv
nego	adverb	hbs	kakor	adverb	slv
toliko	adverb	hbs	toliko	adverb	slv
isto tako	adverb	hbs	prav tako	adverb	slv
zbilja	adverb	hbs	zares	adverb	slv
zaista	adverb	hbs	zares	adverb	slv
ujedno	adverb	hbs	hkrati	adverb	slv
ponešto	adverb	hbs	nekaj	adverb	slv
većma	adverb	hbs	bolj in bolj	adverb	slv
potom	adverb	hbs	potem	adverb	slv
vazda	adverb	hbs	kar naprej	adverb	slv
viseći	verb	hbs	viseč	adverb	slv
apsolutistički	adverb	hbs	absolutistično	adverb	slv
apsurdno	adverb	hbs	absurdno	adverb	slv
ambulantno	adverb	hbs	ambulantno	adverb	slv
analitički	adverb	hbs	analitično	adverb	slv
anđeoski	adverb	hbs	angelsko	adverb	slv
antibiotično	adverb	hbs	antibiotično	adverb	slv
antiseptički	adverb	hbs	antiseptično	adverb	slv
apatičnos	adverb	hbs	apatično	adverb	slv
ažurno	adverb	hbs	ažurno	adverb	slv
obojeno	adverb	hbs	barvno	adverb	slv
baskijski	adverb	hbs	baskovsko	adverb	slv
bazalno	adverb	hbs	bazalno	adverb	slv
lutajući	adverb	hbs	begajoč	adverb	slv
bjelkasto	adverb	hbs	belkasto	adverb	slv
bijelo	adverb	hbs	belo	adverb	slv
besjednički	adverb	hbs	besedno	adverb	slv
bjesno	adverb	hbs	besno	adverb	slv
bježeći	verb	hbs	bežeč	adverb	slv
biološki	adverb	hbs	biološko	adverb	slv
razborito	adverb	hbs	bistre	adverb	slv
prebivajući	verb	hbs	bivajoč	adverb	slv
ludo	adverb	hbs	blazno	adverb	slv
halucinirajući	verb	hbs	blede	adverb	slv
neuvjerljivo	adverb	hbs	bledo	adverb	slv
svijetleći	verb	hbs	bleščeč	adverb	slv
munjevito	adverb	hbs	bliskovito	adverb	slv
predstojeći	verb	hbs	bližajoče	adverb	slv
tutnjeći	verb	hbs	bobneč	adverb	slv
bodljikavo	adverb	hbs	bodeče	adverb	slv
bodljikavo	adverb	hbs	bodeč	adverb	slv
trnovito	adverb	hbs	bodikavo	adverb	slv
bogohulno	adverb	hbs	bogokletno	adverb	slv
bolesno	adverb	hbs	bolezensko	adverb	slv
bolestno	adverb	hbs	bolno	adverb	slv
borbeno	adverb	hbs	boreč	adverb	slv
siromašno	adverb	hbs	borno	adverb	slv
božanski	adverb	hbs	božansko	adverb	slv
izbrazdano	adverb	hbs	brazgotinasto	adverb	slv
bezbrižno	adverb	hbs	brezbrižno	adverb	slv
besciljno	adverb	hbs	brezciljno	adverb	slv
bezposleno	adverb	hbs	brezdelno	adverb	slv
korektno	adverb	hbs	brezhibno	adverb	slv
besprijekorno	adverb	hbs	brezmadežno	adverb	slv
neograničeno	adverb	hbs	brezmejno	adverb	slv
besplatno	adverb	hbs	brezplačno	adverb	slv
jalovo	adverb	hbs	brezplodno	adverb	slv
bezuvjetno	adverb	hbs	brezpogojno	adverb	slv
nezakonito	adverb	hbs	brezpravno	adverb	slv
bezbrižno	adverb	hbs	brezskrbno	adverb	slv
bezizgledno	adverb	hbs	brezupno	adverb	slv
čekajući	verb	hbs	čakajoč	adverb	slv
čarobno	adverb	hbs	čarobno	adverb	slv
časno	adverb	hbs	častitljivo	adverb	slv
počasno	adverb	hbs	častno	adverb	slv
sve	adverb	hbs	čedalje	adverb	slv
čedno	adverb	hbs	čedno	adverb	slv
čelno	adverb	hbs	čelno	adverb	slv
pospano	adverb	hbs	čeme	adverb	slv
čučeći	verb	hbs	čepeč	adverb	slv
čučečke	adverb	hbs	čepe	adverb	slv
crkveno	adverb	hbs	cerkveno	adverb	slv
četvrti put	adverb	hbs	četrtič	adverb	slv
četvrti puta	adverb	hbs	četrtič	adverb	slv
pretjerano	adverb	hbs	čezmerno	adverb	slv
ciklički	adverb	hbs	ciklično	adverb	slv
čim više	adverb	hbs	čimbolj	adverb	slv
što prije	adverb	hbs	čimprej	adverb	slv
čipkasto	adverb	hbs	čipkasto	adverb	slv
čitljivo	adverb	hbs	čitljivo	adverb	slv
civilizacijski	adverb	hbs	civilizacijsko	adverb	slv
biološki	adverb	hbs	biotsko	adverb	slv
blisko	adverb	hbs	bližnjo	adverb	slv
kontinentalno	adverb	hbs	celinsko	adverb	slv
često	adverb	hbs	često	adverb	slv
črno	adverb	hbs	često	adverb	slv
emotivno	adverb	hbs	čustveno	adverb	slv
ćuteći	adverb	hbs	čuteč	adverb	slv
puteno	adverb	hbs	čutno	adverb	slv
cvatući	verb	hbs	cvetoče	adverb	slv
dandanas	adverb	hbs	dandanes	adverb	slv
jutros	adverb	hbs	davi	adverb	slv
davno	adverb	hbs	davno	adverb	slv
nasljedno	adverb	hbs	dedno	adverb	slv
ukrasno	adverb	hbs	dekorativno	adverb	slv
radno	adverb	hbs	delavno	adverb	slv
djelujući	verb	hbs	delujoče	adverb	slv
djelujući	verb	hbs	delujoč	adverb	slv
bujno	adverb	hbs	deroče	adverb	slv
derući	verb	hbs	deroč	adverb	slv
deset puta	adverb	hbs	desetkrat	adverb	slv
dječaški	adverb	hbs	deško	adverb	slv
devet puta	adverb	hbs	devetkrat	adverb	slv
kišovit	adverb	hbs	deževno	adverb	slv
kišovito	adverb	hbs	dežno	adverb	slv
didaktično	adverb	hbs	didaktično	adverb	slv
digitalno	adverb	hbs	digitalno	adverb	slv
mirisno	adverb	hbs	dišeče	adverb	slv
mirisno	adverb	hbs	dišeč	adverb	slv
disidentski	adverb	hbs	disidentsko	adverb	slv
diskretno	adverb	hbs	diskretno	adverb	slv
divljački	adverb	hbs	divjaško	adverb	slv
doslovno	adverb	hbs	dobesedno	adverb	slv
dobrodušno	adverb	hbs	dobrodušno	adverb	slv
dodatno	adverb	hbs	dodatno	adverb	slv
temeljito	adverb	hbs	dodobra	adverb	slv
prilično	adverb	hbs	dokaj	adverb	slv
dugoživo	adverb	hbs	dolgoživo	adverb	slv
dolje	adverb	hbs	doli	adverb	slv
maštovito	adverb	hbs	domiselno	adverb	slv
kući	adverb	hbs	domov	adverb	slv
dopustivo	adverb	hbs	dopustno	adverb	slv
ostvarivo	adverb	hbs	dosegljivo	adverb	slv
dostojanstveno	adverb	hbs	dostojanstveno	adverb	slv
osjetljivo	adverb	hbs	dovzetno	adverb	slv
prividno	adverb	hbs	dozdevno	adverb	slv
sitno	adverb	hbs	drobe	adverb	slv
klizeći	verb	hbs	drseče	adverb	slv
klizeći	verb	hbs	drseč	adverb	slv
klizeći	verb	hbs	drse	adverb	slv
inače	adverb	hbs	drugače	adverb	slv
drugačije	adverb	hbs	drugače	adverb	slv
drukčije	adverb	hbs	drugačno	adverb	slv
drugdje	adverb	hbs	drugam	adverb	slv
drugi put	adverb	hbs	drugič	adverb	slv
drugdje	adverb	hbs	drugje	adverb	slv
drugdje	adverb	hbs	drugod	adverb	slv
sekundarno	adverb	hbs	drugotno	adverb	slv
društveno	adverb	hbs	družbeno	adverb	slv
obiteljski	adverb	hbs	družinsko	adverb	slv
državno	adverb	hbs	državljansko	adverb	slv
držeći	verb	hbs	držeč	adverb	slv
držeći	verb	hbs	drže	adverb	slv
zagušljivo	adverb	hbs	dušeče	adverb	slv
gušeći	adverb	hbs	dušeč	adverb	slv
mentalno	adverb	hbs	duševno	adverb	slv
dižući	verb	hbs	dvigajoč	adverb	slv
sumnjičavo	adverb	hbs	dvomljivo	adverb	slv
dvosjekli	adverb	hbs	dvorezno	adverb	slv
uljudno	adverb	hbs	dvorno	adverb	slv
dvosmisleno	adverb	hbs	dvoumno	adverb	slv
ekonomično	adverb	hbs	ekonomično	adverb	slv
eksperimentalno	adverb	hbs	eksperimentalno	adverb	slv
emotivno	adverb	hbs	emocionalno	adverb	slv
empirijski	adverb	hbs	empirično	adverb	slv
jednom	adverb	hbs	enkrat	adverb	slv
dvaput	adverb	hbs	dvakrat	adverb	slv
triput	adverb	hbs	trikrat	adverb	slv
četiri puta	adverb	hbs	štirikrat	adverb	slv
pet puta	adverb	hbs	petkrat	adverb	slv
šest puta	adverb	hbs	šestkrat	adverb	slv
sedam puta	adverb	hbs	sedemkrat	adverb	slv
osam puta	adverb	hbs	osemkrat	adverb	slv
devet puta	adverb	hbs	devetkrat	adverb	slv
deset puta	adverb	hbs	desetkrat	adverb	slv
monolitno	adverb	hbs	enovito	adverb	slv
fašistički	adverb	hbs	fašistično	adverb	slv
feudalno	adverb	hbs	fevdalno	adverb	slv
fizikalno	adverb	hbs	fizično	adverb	slv
folklorno	adverb	hbs	folklorno	adverb	slv
fonetski	adverb	hbs	fonetično	adverb	slv
formalno	adverb	hbs	formalno	adverb	slv
fragmentarno	adverb	hbs	fragmentarno	adverb	slv
funkcionalno	adverb	hbs	funkcionalno	adverb	slv
furlanski	adverb	hbs	furlansko	adverb	slv
dirljivo	adverb	hbs	ganljivo	adverb	slv
elektronički	adverb	hbs	elektronsko	adverb	slv
formulirano	adverb	hbs	formulirano	adverb	slv
gledano	adverb	hbs	gledano	adverb	slv
truljenje	adverb	hbs	gnije	adverb	slv
pokvareno	adverb	hbs	gnilo	adverb	slv
opće	adverb	hbs	generično	adverb	slv
geološki	adverb	hbs	geološko	adverb	slv
fleksibilno	adverb	hbs	gibko	adverb	slv
glazbeno	adverb	hbs	glasbeno	adverb	slv
glasovno	adverb	hbs	glasovno	adverb	slv
kazališno	adverb	hbs	gledališko	adverb	slv
gluho	adverb	hbs	gluho	adverb	slv
gore	adverb	hbs	gor	adverb	slv
gore	adverb	hbs	gori	adverb	slv
gosteći	verb	hbs	goste	adverb	slv
govordžija	adverb	hbs	gostobesedno	adverb	slv
gostujući	verb	hbs	gostujoče	adverb	slv
svršeno	adverb	hbs	gotovo	adverb	slv
pričajući	verb	hbs	govoreče	adverb	slv
govoreći	verb	hbs	govoreč	adverb	slv
pričajući	adverb	hbs	govore	adverb	slv
govoreći	verb	hbs	govore	adverb	slv
kvrgav	adverb	hbs	grče	adverb	slv
ružno	adverb	hbs	grd	adverb	slv
gromovit	adverb	hbs	grme	adverb	slv
mrtvo	adverb	hbs	grobno	adverb	slv
ogromno	adverb	hbs	gromozansko	adverb	slv
grotesknost	adverb	hbs	groteskno	adverb	slv
užas	adverb	hbs	groza	adverb	slv
prijeteći	verb	hbs	grozeče	adverb	slv
prijeteći	verb	hbs	grozeč	adverb	slv
gumast	adverb	hbs	gumijasto	adverb	slv
šaljivo	adverb	hbs	hecno	adverb	slv
heretički	adverb	hbs	heretično	adverb	slv
herojski	adverb	hbs	herojsko	adverb	slv
hidrografski	adverb	hbs	hidrografsko	adverb	slv
higijenski	adverb	hbs	higiensko	adverb	slv
licemjerno	adverb	hbs	hinavsko	adverb	slv
trenutno	adverb	hbs	hipno	adverb	slv
nabrzinu	adverb	hbs	hite	adverb	slv
hladovit	adverb	hbs	hlade	adverb	slv
hladnokrvno	adverb	hbs	hladnokrvno	adverb	slv
hlapeći	adverb	hbs	hlapeč	adverb	slv
para	adverb	hbs	hlape	adverb	slv
hodajući	verb	hbs	hodeč	adverb	slv
hormonski	adverb	hbs	hormonsko	adverb	slv
rado	adverb	hbs	hote	adverb	slv
prehrambeno	adverb	hbs	hranilno	adverb	slv
unatrag	adverb	hbs	hrbtno	adverb	slv
brežuljkast	adverb	hbs	hribovito	adverb	slv
uzdah	adverb	hbs	hrope	adverb	slv
humanistički	adverb	hbs	humanistično	adverb	slv
pohvalno	adverb	hbs	hvalevredno	adverb	slv
idejno	adverb	hbs	idejno	adverb	slv
idilično	adverb	hbs	idilično	adverb	slv
glumeći	verb	hbs	igralsko	adverb	slv
nezakonito	adverb	hbs	ilegalno	adverb	slv
imuno	adverb	hbs	imunsko	adverb	slv
pojedinačno	adverb	hbs	individualno	adverb	slv
inertno	adverb	hbs	inertno	adverb	slv
nagonski	adverb	hbs	instinktivno	adverb	slv
intelektualno	adverb	hbs	intelektualno	adverb	slv
zanimljivo	adverb	hbs	interesno	adverb	slv
interno	adverb	hbs	interno	adverb	slv
ionizirajući	verb	hbs	ionizirajoče	adverb	slv
izbirljivo	adverb	hbs	izbirno	adverb	slv
odabrano	adverb	hbs	izbrano	adverb	slv
izgubljeno	adverb	hbs	izgubljeno	adverb	slv
izlazeći	verb	hbs	izhajajoče	adverb	slv
izlazeći	verb	hbs	izhajajoč	adverb	slv
iznimno	adverb	hbs	izjemno	adverb	slv
izuzetno	adverb	hbs	izjemno	adverb	slv
isključujući	verb	hbs	izključujoč	adverb	slv
iskorištavajući	verb	hbs	izkoriščajoč	adverb	slv
naizmjenično	adverb	hbs	izmenično	adverb	slv
alternacija	adverb	hbs	izmenično	adverb	slv
izmjenice	adverb	hbs	izmenoma	adverb	slv
nedostižno	adverb	hbs	izmikajoče	adverb	slv
ispunjavajući	verb	hbs	izpolnjujoč	adverb	slv
osipanje	adverb	hbs	izpuščaje	adverb	slv
ispušno	adverb	hbs	izpušno	adverb	slv
izvanredno	adverb	hbs	izredno	adverb	slv
izvrsno	adverb	hbs	izvrstno	adverb	slv
neplodno	adverb	hbs	jalovo	adverb	slv
jantarno	adverb	hbs	jantarno	adverb	slv
javno	adverb	hbs	javno	adverb	slv
jetko	adverb	hbs	jedko	adverb	slv
sažeto	adverb	hbs	jedrnato	adverb	slv
čelino	adverb	hbs	jekleno	adverb	slv
plakajući	verb	hbs	jokaje	adverb	slv
plakajući	verb	hbs	jokajoč	adverb	slv
jubilej	adverb	hbs	jubilejno	adverb	slv
herojski	adverb	hbs	junaško	adverb	slv
bilo kada	adverb	hbs	kadarkoli	adverb	slv
dimljiv	adverb	hbs	kadeče	adverb	slv
zar ne	adverb	hbs	kajne	adverb	slv
bilo kako	adverb	hbs	kakorkoli	adverb	slv
kako god	adverb	hbs	kakorkoli	adverb	slv
kala	adverb	hbs	kale	adverb	slv
bilo kuda	adverb	hbs	kamorkoli	adverb	slv
kaotično	adverb	hbs	kaotično	adverb	slv
kazneno	adverb	hbs	kaznivo	adverb	slv
bilokada	adverb	hbs	kdajkoli	adverb	slv
keltski	adverb	hbs	keltsko	adverb	slv
kipeći	verb	hbs	kipe	adverb	slv
nakiselo	adverb	hbs	kiselkasto	adverb	slv
bilogdje	adverb	hbs	kjerkoli	adverb	slv
klasično	adverb	hbs	klasično	adverb	slv
jadno	adverb	hbs	klavrno	adverb	slv
klečeći	verb	hbs	kleče	adverb	slv
nazvavši	verb	hbs	klicano	adverb	slv
otići	verb	hbs	odšel	adverb	slv
pozivajući	verb	hbs	kličoče	adverb	slv
prkosno	adverb	hbs	kljubovalno	adverb	slv
poljoprivrednički	adverb	hbs	kmetovo	adverb	slv
knjižno	adverb	hbs	knjižno	adverb	slv
koliko puta	adverb	hbs	kolikokrat	adverb	slv
jedva	adverb	hbs	komajda	adverb	slv
komandno	adverb	hbs	komandno	adverb	slv
komunalno	adverb	hbs	komunalno	adverb	slv
konačno	adverb	hbs	končno	adverb	slv
stalno	adverb	hbs	konstantno	adverb	slv
kontinentalno	adverb	hbs	kontinentalno	adverb	slv
kopneno	adverb	hbs	kopensko	adverb	slv
koščat	adverb	hbs	koščeno	adverb	slv
dlakav	adverb	hbs	kosmato	adverb	slv
metalno	adverb	hbs	kovinsko	adverb	slv
mjesno	adverb	hbs	krajevno	adverb	slv
puta	adverb	hbs	krat	adverb	slv
grčevito	adverb	hbs	krčevito	adverb	slv
kremast	adverb	hbs	kremasto	adverb	slv
vrišteći	verb	hbs	kriče	adverb	slv
kristalno	adverb	hbs	kristalno	adverb	slv
krivo	adverb	hbs	krivo	adverb	slv
krivovjerstvo	adverb	hbs	krivoversko	adverb	slv
širom	adverb	hbs	križem	adverb	slv
unakrsno	adverb	hbs	križno	adverb	slv
krojeći	verb	hbs	kroje	adverb	slv
kronično	adverb	hbs	kronično	adverb	slv
kropilo	adverb	hbs	krope	adverb	slv
kružeći	verb	hbs	krožeč	adverb	slv
kružno	adverb	hbs	krožno	adverb	slv
krščanski	adverb	hbs	krščansko	adverb	slv
krvav	adverb	hbs	krvavo	adverb	slv
krvožedno	adverb	hbs	krvoločno	adverb	slv
kultno	adverb	hbs	kultno	adverb	slv
kvadratno	adverb	hbs	kvadratno	adverb	slv
nagore	adverb	hbs	kvišku	adverb	slv
blago	adverb	hbs	lahno	adverb	slv
lani	adverb	hbs	lani	adverb	slv
laskavo	adverb	hbs	laskavo	adverb	slv
lebdeći	verb	hbs	lebdeč	adverb	slv
ledeno	adverb	hbs	ledeno	adverb	slv
ljepljiv	adverb	hbs	lepljivo	adverb	slv
ljepota	adverb	hbs	lepotno	adverb	slv
drveno	adverb	hbs	leseno	adverb	slv
svjetlucavo	adverb	hbs	lesketajoče	adverb	slv
drveno	adverb	hbs	lesno	adverb	slv
avionski	adverb	hbs	letalsko	adverb	slv
leteći	verb	hbs	leteče	adverb	slv
leteći	verb	hbs	leteč	adverb	slv
ove godine	adverb	hbs	letos	adverb	slv
ljevo	adverb	hbs	leve	adverb	slv
ležeće	adverb	hbs	ležeče	adverb	slv
ležeći	verb	hbs	ležeč	adverb	slv
ležeći	verb	hbs	leže	adverb	slv
lirski	adverb	hbs	lirsko	adverb	slv
književno	adverb	hbs	literarno	adverb	slv
ljubeći	verb	hbs	ljubeče	adverb	slv
ljubeći	verb	hbs	ljubeč	adverb	slv
lijepo	adverb	hbs	ljubko	adverb	slv
jako	adverb	hbs	zelo	adverb	slv
ljubomorno	adverb	hbs	ljubosumno	adverb	slv
odvojeno	adverb	hbs	ločeno	adverb	slv
logično	adverb	hbs	logično	adverb	slv
luksuzno	adverb	hbs	luksuzno	adverb	slv
mafijski	adverb	hbs	mafijsko	adverb	slv
magnetski	adverb	hbs	magnetno	adverb	slv
zamahujući	verb	hbs	mahajoč	adverb	slv
nesigurno	adverb	hbs	majavo	adverb	slv
nemarno	adverb	hbs	malomarno	adverb	slv
odsutno	adverb	hbs	manjkajoč	adverb	slv
inferiorno	adverb	hbs	manjvredno	adverb	slv
marokanski	adverb	hbs	maroško	adverb	slv
mnogokad	adverb	hbs	marsikdaj	adverb	slv
mnogogdje	adverb	hbs	marsikje	adverb	slv
matematički	adverb	hbs	matematično	adverb	slv
šareno	adverb	hbs	mavrično	adverb	slv
dok	adverb	hbs	medtem	adverb	slv
među zvjezdama	adverb	hbs	medzvezdno	adverb	slv
maglovito	adverb	hbs	megleno	adverb	slv
mehanički	adverb	hbs	mehanično	adverb	slv
mjehurast	adverb	hbs	mehurjasto	adverb	slv
granično	adverb	hbs	meje	adverb	slv
s obzirom na	adverb	hbs	meneč	adverb	slv
mijenjajući	verb	hbs	menjaje	adverb	slv
mentalno	adverb	hbs	mentalno	adverb	slv
mesno	adverb	hbs	mesno	adverb	slv
metafizičk	adverb	hbs	metafizično	adverb	slv
metodički	adverb	hbs	metodično	adverb	slv
mikroskopski	adverb	hbs	mikroskopsko	adverb	slv
milostivo	adverb	hbs	milostno	adverb	slv
usput	adverb	hbs	mimogrede	adverb	slv
ciljano	adverb	hbs	mire	adverb	slv
mirujući	verb	hbs	mirujoč	adverb	slv
misaono	adverb	hbs	miselno	adverb	slv
misleći	verb	hbs	misleče	adverb	slv
mistično	adverb	hbs	mistično	adverb	slv
tromo	adverb	hbs	mlačno	adverb	slv
omladinski	adverb	hbs	mladinsko	adverb	slv
mladoliko	adverb	hbs	mladostno	adverb	slv
mliječno	adverb	hbs	mlečno	adverb	slv
šutljivo	adverb	hbs	molčeče	adverb	slv
zamorivši	verb	hbs	moreče	adverb	slv
zamoreno	adverb	hbs	moreč	adverb	slv
mrtvački	adverb	hbs	mrliško	adverb	slv
mrtvo	adverb	hbs	mrtvo	adverb	slv
grozničavo	adverb	hbs	mrzlično	adverb	slv
principjelno	adverb	hbs	načelno	adverb	slv
nadasve	adverb	hbs	nadvse	adverb	slv
nastavljajući	verb	hbs	nadaljujoč	adverb	slv
darovito	adverb	hbs	nadarjeno	adverb	slv
nadnaravno	adverb	hbs	nadnaravno	adverb	slv
natprosječno	adverb	hbs	nadpovprečno	adverb	slv
nadstranački	adverb	hbs	nadstrankarsko	adverb	slv
od jednom	adverb	hbs	naenkrat	adverb	slv
zadirkujući	verb	hbs	nagajivo	adverb	slv
naglasak	adverb	hbs	naglas	adverb	slv
nagonski	adverb	hbs	nagonsko	adverb	slv
mučno	adverb	hbs	mučno	adverb	slv
ćudljivo	adverb	hbs	muhasto	adverb	slv
rado	adverb	hbs	najraje	adverb	slv
najviše puta	adverb	hbs	največkrat	adverb	slv
slučajno	adverb	hbs	naključno	adverb	slv
olako	adverb	hbs	nalahno	adverb	slv
naime	adverb	hbs	namreč	adverb	slv
nanoseći	verb	hbs	nanašajoč	adverb	slv
naokolo	adverb	hbs	naokoli	adverb	slv
okolo	adverb	hbs	okoli	adverb	slv
okolo	adverb	hbs	naokrog	adverb	slv
napeto	adverb	hbs	napeto	adverb	slv
napo	adverb	hbs	napol	adverb	slv
na putu	adverb	hbs	napoti	adverb	slv
ususret	adverb	hbs	naproti	adverb	slv
prema	preposition	hbs	naproti	preposition	slv
preko	preposition	hbs	prek	preposition	slv
preko	preposition	hbs	čez	preposition	slv
ususret	adverb	hbs	naproti	adverb	slv
labavo	adverb	hbs	narahlo	adverb	slv
naraštaj	adverb	hbs	naraščaje	adverb	slv
rastući	verb	hbs	naraščajoč	adverb	slv
odvojeno	adverb	hbs	narazen	adverb	slv
citirajući	verb	hbs	narekovaje	adverb	slv
protiv	adverb	hbs	nasproti	adverb	slv
suprotno	adverb	hbs	nasprotno	adverb	slv
kontradiktorno	adverb	hbs	nasprotujoče	adverb	slv
nastajajući	verb	hbs	nastajajoče	adverb	slv
nastajajući	verb	hbs	nastajajoč	adverb	slv
oduševljeno	adverb	hbs	navdušeno	adverb	slv
prividno	adverb	hbs	navidezno	adverb	slv
protivno	adverb	hbs	navkljub	adverb	slv
vertikalno	adverb	hbs	navpično	adverb	slv
uostalom	adverb	hbs	navsezadnje	adverb	slv
ujutro	adverb	hbs	navsezgodaj	adverb	slv
nizbrdo	adverb	hbs	navzdol	adverb	slv
uzbrdo	adverb	hbs	navzgor	adverb	slv
uprkos	adverb	hbs	navzlic	adverb	slv
natrag	adverb	hbs	nazaj	adverb	slv
višekratno	adverb	hbs	večkrat	adverb	slv
nebeski	adverb	hbs	nebeško	adverb	slv
nebesno	adverb	hbs	nebesno	adverb	slv
razuzdano	adverb	hbs	nebrzdano	adverb	slv
nehumano	adverb	hbs	nečloveško	adverb	slv
nedaleko	adverb	hbs	nedaleč	adverb	slv
nedopustivo	adverb	hbs	nedopustno	adverb	slv
nedostižno	adverb	hbs	nedosegljivo	adverb	slv
netaknuto	adverb	hbs	nedotaknjeno	adverb	slv
nerazumljivo	adverb	hbs	nedoumljivo	adverb	slv
neovlašteno	adverb	hbs	nedovoljeno	adverb	slv
bez sumnje	adverb	hbs	nedvomno	adverb	slv
nedvosmisleno	adverb	hbs	nedvoumno	adverb	slv
nejednako	adverb	hbs	neenako	adverb	slv
neformalano	adverb	hbs	neformalno	adverb	slv
negativano	adverb	hbs	negativno	adverb	slv
neizvjestno	adverb	hbs	negotovo	adverb	slv
nehotice	adverb	hbs	nehote	adverb	slv
nenamjerano	adverb	hbs	nehoteno	adverb	slv
neiskusno	adverb	hbs	neizkušeno	adverb	slv
neosporno	adverb	hbs	neizpodbitno	adverb	slv
neumoljivo	adverb	hbs	neizprosno	adverb	slv
neopisivo	adverb	hbs	neizrekljivo	adverb	slv
nevoljko	adverb	hbs	nejevoljno	adverb	slv
nekoliko puta	adverb	hbs	nekajkrat	adverb	slv
nekažnjeno	adverb	hbs	nekaznovano	adverb	slv
nekontrolirano	adverb	hbs	nekontrolirano	adverb	slv
nepravilano	adverb	hbs	nekorektno	adverb	slv
nezakonit	adverb	hbs	nelegalno	adverb	slv
neodvojeno	adverb	hbs	neločljivo	adverb	slv
ne malo	adverb	hbs	nemalo	adverb	slv
neuredno	adverb	hbs	nemarno	adverb	slv
bespomoćno	adverb	hbs	nemočno	adverb	slv
nemoguće	adverb	hbs	nemogoče	adverb	slv
nemoralano	adverb	hbs	nemoralno	adverb	slv
glatko	adverb	hbs	nemoteno	adverb	slv
odmah	adverb	hbs	nemudoma	adverb	slv
neočekivano	adverb	hbs	nenadejano	adverb	slv
naglo	adverb	hbs	nenadno	adverb	slv
iznenada	adverb	hbs	nenadoma	adverb	slv
neformirano	adverb	hbs	neoblikovano	adverb	slv
razuzdano	adverb	hbs	neobrzdano	adverb	slv
nekontrolirano	adverb	hbs	neobvladljivo	adverb	slv
neotkriveno	adverb	hbs	neodkrito	adverb	slv
neodlučeno	adverb	hbs	neodločeno	adverb	slv
neophodno	adverb	hbs	neogibno	adverb	slv
nepokolebljivo	adverb	hbs	neomajno	adverb	slv
neograničeno	adverb	hbs	neomejeno	adverb	slv
neprimječeno	adverb	hbs	neopaženo	adverb	slv
besprijekorno	adverb	hbs	neoporečno	adverb	slv
neoganiziranovano	adverb	hbs	neorganizirano	adverb	slv
neophodno	adverb	hbs	nepogrešljivo	adverb	slv
nezamislivo	adverb	hbs	nepojmljivo	adverb	slv
nepolitički	adverb	hbs	nepolitično	adverb	slv
neopisivo	adverb	hbs	nepopisno	adverb	slv
nevjenčano	adverb	hbs	neporočeno	adverb	slv
nepošteno	adverb	hbs	nepošteno	adverb	slv
nepovezano	adverb	hbs	nepovezano	adverb	slv
nezaboravno	adverb	hbs	nepozabno	adverb	slv
nepraktično	adverb	hbs	nepraktično	adverb	slv
neprobojno	adverb	hbs	neprebojno	adverb	slv
neprobojno	adverb	hbs	nepredirno	adverb	slv
nezamislivo	adverb	hbs	nepredstavljivo	adverb	slv
hermetično	adverb	hbs	nepredušno	adverb	slv
nepredviđeno	adverb	hbs	nepredvideno	adverb	slv
nepredvidljivo	adverb	hbs	nepredvidljivo	adverb	slv
neprekinut	adverb	hbs	neprekinjeno	adverb	slv
neopozivo	adverb	hbs	nepreklicno	adverb	slv
nepobjedivost	adverb	hbs	nepremagljivo	adverb	slv
nepokretno	adverb	hbs	nepremično	adverb	slv
neoprezno	adverb	hbs	nepremišljeno	adverb	slv
vodootporno	adverb	hbs	nepremočljivo	adverb	slv
stalno	adverb	hbs	neprestano	adverb	slv
stalno	adverb	hbs	nepretrgano	adverb	slv
stalno	adverb	hbs	nepretrgoma	adverb	slv
neočekivano	adverb	hbs	nepričakovano	adverb	slv
pristrano	adverb	hbs	nepristransko	adverb	slv
krivo	adverb	hbs	neravno	adverb	slv
neistraženo	adverb	hbs	neraziskano	adverb	slv
nerazvijeno	adverb	hbs	nerazvito	adverb	slv
neriješeno	adverb	hbs	nerešeno	adverb	slv
beskonačno	adverb	hbs	neskončno	adverb	slv
nečujno	adverb	hbs	neslišno	adverb	slv
apsurdno	adverb	hbs	nesmiselno	adverb	slv
besmrtno	adverb	hbs	nesmrtno	adverb	slv
nerazmjer	adverb	hbs	nesorazmerno	adverb	slv
bezumnost	adverb	hbs	nespametno	adverb	slv
nepromijenjeno	adverb	hbs	nespremenjeno	adverb	slv
nepromenljivo	adverb	hbs	nespremenljivo	adverb	slv
nebrojeno	adverb	hbs	nešteto	adverb	slv
nebrojeno puta	adverb	hbs	neštetokrat	adverb	slv
neprikladno	adverb	hbs	neumestno	adverb	slv
neopravdano	adverb	hbs	neupravičeno	adverb	slv
neuredno	adverb	hbs	neurejeno	adverb	slv
neostvarivo	adverb	hbs	neuresničljivo	adverb	slv
nemilosrdno	adverb	hbs	neusmiljeno	adverb	slv
nezadrživo	adverb	hbs	neustavljivo	adverb	slv
neustrašivo	adverb	hbs	neustrašeno	adverb	slv
nevješt	adverb	hbs	nevešč	adverb	slv
neurotično	adverb	hbs	nevrotično	adverb	slv
nenametljivo	adverb	hbs	nevsiljivo	adverb	slv
neutralno	adverb	hbs	nevtralno	adverb	slv
neodrživo	adverb	hbs	nevzdržno	adverb	slv
nezadovoljavajući	verb	hbs	nezadovoljivo	adverb	slv
neumoljivo	adverb	hbs	nezadržno	adverb	slv
nečuveno	adverb	hbs	nezaslišano	adverb	slv
nesvjesno	adverb	hbs	nezavedno	adverb	slv
besvjesno	adverb	hbs	nezavestno	adverb	slv
nepoželjno	adverb	hbs	nezaželeno	adverb	slv
bolesno	adverb	hbs	nezdravo	adverb	slv
vanzemaljsko	adverb	hbs	nezemeljsko	adverb	slv
nepogrešivo	adverb	hbs	nezmotljivo	adverb	slv
nepoznato	adverb	hbs	neznano	adverb	slv
ništa	adverb	hbs	nič	adverb	slv
bezvrijedno	adverb	hbs	ničvredno	adverb	slv
oscilacije	adverb	hbs	nihaje	adverb	slv
lebdeći	verb	hbs	nihajoč	adverb	slv
nipošto	adverb	hbs	nikakor	adverb	slv
noć	adverb	hbs	nočno	adverb	slv
šaljivo	adverb	hbs	norčavo	adverb	slv
normanski	adverb	hbs	normansko	adverb	slv
ludo	adverb	hbs	noro	adverb	slv
trudna	adverb	hbs	noseče	adverb	slv
nutar	adverb	hbs	notri	adverb	slv
novinar	adverb	hbs	novinarsko	adverb	slv
povremeno	adverb	hbs	občasno	adverb	slv
obećavajući	verb	hbs	obetajoče	adverb	slv
obećavajući	verb	hbs	obetajoč	adverb	slv
obranitio	adverb	hbs	obrambno	adverb	slv
obrnuto	adverb	hbs	obratno	adverb	slv
ceremonijalno	adverb	hbs	obredno	adverb	slv
obrtničko	adverb	hbs	obrtno	adverb	slv
obuhvaćajući	adverb	hbs	obsegajoč	adverb	slv
optužujući	verb	hbs	obtožujoče	adverb	slv
očajno	adverb	hbs	obupano	adverb	slv
očajnički	adverb	hbs	obupno	adverb	slv
obvezno	adverb	hbs	obvezno	adverb	slv
svladavši	verb	hbs	obvladljivo	adverb	slv
prekorivši	verb	hbs	očitajoč	adverb	slv
nestajući	adverb	hbs	odmirajoče	adverb	slv
odobravajući	adverb	hbs	odobravajoč	adverb	slv
od sada	adverb	hbs	odslej	adverb	slv
odsutno	adverb	hbs	odsotno	adverb	slv
otad	adverb	hbs	odtlej	adverb	slv
otada	adverb	hbs	odtlej	adverb	slv
suvišno	adverb	hbs	odveč	adverb	slv
u tijeku	adverb	hbs	odvijajoč	adverb	slv
ovisno	adverb	hbs	odvisno	adverb	slv
kutno	adverb	hbs	oglato	adverb	slv
vatreno	adverb	hbs	ognjeno	adverb	slv
održavajući	adverb	hbs	ohranjajoč	adverb	slv
okultno	adverb	hbs	okultno	adverb	slv
uljno	adverb	hbs	oljnato	adverb	slv
omalovažavajući	adverb	hbs	omalovažujoče	adverb	slv
odbacivajući	adverb	hbs	omalovažujoč	adverb	slv
opojno	adverb	hbs	omamno	adverb	slv
ograničavajući	adverb	hbs	omejujoč	adverb	slv
ciglana	adverb	hbs	opečnato	adverb	slv
temeljeći	verb	hbs	opirajoč	adverb	slv
opojno	adverb	hbs	opojno	adverb	slv
podne	adverb	hbs	opoldan	adverb	slv
podne	adverb	hbs	opoldne	adverb	slv
ponoć	adverb	hbs	opolnoči	adverb	slv
podsjećajući	adverb	hbs	opozarjajoč	adverb	slv
organizirano	adverb	hbs	organizirano	adverb	slv
orao	adverb	hbs	orlovsko	adverb	slv
osam puta	adverb	hbs	osemkrat	adverb	slv
oslobađajući	verb	hbs	osvobajajoč	adverb	slv
opipljiv	adverb	hbs	otipljivo	adverb	slv
dječje	adverb	hbs	otroško	adverb	slv
izlječivo	adverb	hbs	ozdravljivo	adverb	slv
okrećući	verb	hbs	oziraje	adverb	slv
okrećući	verb	hbs	ozirajoč	adverb	slv
obilježavajući	verb	hbs	označevaje	adverb	slv
silazno	adverb	hbs	padajoč	adverb	slv
panično	adverb	hbs	panično	adverb	slv
patetično	adverb	hbs	patetično	adverb	slv
patogeno	adverb	hbs	patogeno	adverb	slv
patološki	adverb	hbs	patološko	adverb	slv
pedagoški	adverb	hbs	pedagoško	adverb	slv
ljuto	adverb	hbs	pekoč	adverb	slv
petorica	adverb	hbs	petero	adverb	slv
pet puta	adverb	hbs	petkrat	adverb	slv
pedantno	adverb	hbs	pikolovsko	adverb	slv
pismeno	adverb	hbs	pisno	adverb	slv
plivački	adverb	hbs	plavajoče	adverb	slv
plovno	adverb	hbs	plavajoč	adverb	slv
puzeći	verb	hbs	plaze	adverb	slv
pusto	adverb	hbs	plehko	adverb	slv
pneumatsk	adverb	hbs	pnevmatično	adverb	slv
popreko	adverb	hbs	počez	adverb	slv
pogonski	adverb	hbs	pogonsko	adverb	slv
dijaloški	adverb	hbs	pogovorno	adverb	slv
sahrana	adverb	hbs	pogrebno	adverb	slv
pohlepno	adverb	hbs	pohlepno	adverb	slv
opadajući	verb	hbs	pojemajoče	adverb	slv
polagano	adverb	hbs	polagoma	adverb	slv
ljeti	adverb	hbs	poleti	adverb	slv
polinezijsko	adverb	hbs	polinezijsko	adverb	slv
polukružno	adverb	hbs	polkrožno	adverb	slv
pomagajući	adverb	hbs	pomagajoč	adverb	slv
narančast	adverb	hbs	pomarančno	adverb	slv
umirujući	verb	hbs	pomirjajoč	adverb	slv
umirujući	verb	hbs	pomirjujoč	adverb	slv
proljetno	adverb	hbs	pomladno	adverb	slv
greškom	adverb	hbs	pomotoma	adverb	slv
pomoćno	adverb	hbs	pomožno	adverb	slv
ponovivši	verb	hbs	ponavljajoče	adverb	slv
ponegdje	adverb	hbs	ponekod	adverb	slv
ponižavajući	adverb	hbs	ponižujoč	adverb	slv
noću	adverb	hbs	ponoči	adverb	slv
poslijepodne	adverb	hbs	popoldan	adverb	slv
poslijepodne	adverb	hbs	popoldne	adverb	slv
pohota	adverb	hbs	popotno	adverb	slv
prije	adverb	hbs	poprej	adverb	slv
nastavši	adverb	hbs	porajajoče	adverb	slv
rijetko	adverb	hbs	poredko	adverb	slv
rijetko	adverb	hbs	poredkoma	adverb	slv
prezrivo	adverb	hbs	porogljivo	adverb	slv
porozno	adverb	hbs	porozno	adverb	slv
pojedinačno	adverb	hbs	posamezno	adverb	slv
pojedino	adverb	hbs	posamič	adverb	slv
pojedinačno	adverb	hbs	posamično	adverb	slv
monstruozno	adverb	hbs	pošastno	adverb	slv
posebno	adverb	hbs	posebej	adverb	slv
osobito	adverb	hbs	posebno	adverb	slv
neravnina	adverb	hbs	poševno	adverb	slv
skačući	verb	hbs	poskakujoč	adverb	slv
pokusno	adverb	hbs	poskusno	adverb	slv
odsada	adverb	hbs	poslej	adverb	slv
posao	adverb	hbs	poslovno	adverb	slv
podrugljivo	adverb	hbs	posmehljivo	adverb	slv
posthumno	adverb	hbs	posmrtno	adverb	slv
potičući	verb	hbs	pospešujoč	adverb	slv
posred	adverb	hbs	posredi	adverb	slv
postepeno	adverb	hbs	postopno	adverb	slv
postepeno	adverb	hbs	postopoma	adverb	slv
postrance	adverb	hbs	postrani	adverb	slv
tonući	verb	hbs	potapljajoče	adverb	slv
u tijeku	adverb	hbs	potekajoč	adverb	slv
tiho	adverb	hbs	potihoma	adverb	slv
strpljivo	adverb	hbs	potrpežljivo	adverb	slv
putujući	verb	hbs	potujoče	adverb	slv
putovanje	adverb	hbs	potujoč	adverb	slv
poučno	adverb	hbs	poučno	adverb	slv
poslijeratno	adverb	hbs	povojno	adverb	slv
prosječno	adverb	hbs	povprečno	adverb	slv
povratno	adverb	hbs	povratno	adverb	slv
povrh	adverb	hbs	povrh	adverb	slv
povrh	adverb	hbs	povrhu	adverb	slv
površinski	adverb	hbs	površinsko	adverb	slv
zimi	adverb	hbs	pozimi	adverb	slv
pragmatično	adverb	hbs	pragmatično	adverb	slv
prašno	adverb	hbs	prašno	adverb	slv
upravo	adverb	hbs	pravkar	adverb	slv
bajno	adverb	hbs	pravljično	adverb	slv
pravovremeno	adverb	hbs	pravočasno	adverb	slv
okomito	adverb	hbs	pravokotno	adverb	slv
pravovjerno	adverb	hbs	pravoverno	adverb	slv
pretpovijesno	adverb	hbs	prazgodovinsko	adverb	slv
pusto	adverb	hbs	prazno	adverb	slv
lukavo	adverb	hbs	prebrisano	adverb	slv
dosta	adverb	hbs	precej	adverb	slv
poprečno	adverb	hbs	prečno	adverb	slv
predano	adverb	hbs	predano	adverb	slv
predući	verb	hbs	prede	adverb	slv
obrađeno	adverb	hbs	predelano	adverb	slv
predstavizi	adverb	hbs	predlagajoč	adverb	slv
sofisticirano	adverb	hbs	prefinjeno	adverb	slv
grešno	adverb	hbs	pregrešno	adverb	slv
prehladno	adverb	hbs	prehladno	adverb	slv
test	adverb	hbs	preizkusno	adverb	slv
prije	adverb	hbs	prej	adverb	slv
obilno	adverb	hbs	prekipevajoče	adverb	slv
prokleto	adverb	hbs	prekleto	adverb	slv
pokrivajući	verb	hbs	prekrivaje	adverb	slv
lukavo	adverb	hbs	premeteno	adverb	slv
pokretno	adverb	hbs	premično	adverb	slv
krećući	verb	hbs	premikajoče	adverb	slv
razmišljajući	verb	hbs	premišljajoč	adverb	slv
preplećući	verb	hbs	prepletajoč	adverb	slv
prepoznatljivo	adverb	hbs	prepoznavno	adverb	slv
ostavljajući	verb	hbs	prepuščajoč	adverb	slv
uračunljivo	adverb	hbs	preračunljivo	adverb	slv
premašivši	verb	hbs	presegajoč	adverb	slv
iznenadno	adverb	hbs	presenečeno	adverb	slv
iznenadno	adverb	hbs	presenetljivo	adverb	slv
radosno	adverb	hbs	prešerno	adverb	slv
dirljivo	adverb	hbs	presunljivo	adverb	slv
prijeteći	verb	hbs	preteče	adverb	slv
pretjerano	adverb	hbs	pretirano	adverb	slv
šokantno	adverb	hbs	pretresljivo	adverb	slv
prisebno	adverb	hbs	preudarno	adverb	slv
dominantno	adverb	hbs	prevladujoče	adverb	slv
dominantno	adverb	hbs	prevladujoč	adverb	slv
prevratništvo	adverb	hbs	prevratniško	adverb	slv
približno	adverb	hbs	približno	adverb	slv
očekivajući	verb	hbs	pričakujoč	adverb	slv
marljivo	adverb	hbs	pridno	adverb	slv
nadolazeći	verb	hbs	prihajajoče	adverb	slv
dolazeći	verb	hbs	prihajajoč	adverb	slv
buduće	adverb	hbs	prihodnje	adverb	slv
sljedeći	verb	hbs	prihodnjič	adverb	slv
pokazivajući	verb	hbs	prikazujoč	adverb	slv
prilagodivši	verb	hbs	prilagodljivo	adverb	slv
dolikuje	adverb	hbs	prilegajoče	adverb	slv
povremeno	adverb	hbs	priložnostno	adverb	slv
usporedivši	verb	hbs	primerljivo	adverb	slv
odgovarajući	verb	hbs	pripadajoč	adverb	slv
priredivši	verb	hbs	prireditveno	adverb	slv
pristrano	adverb	hbs	pristransko	adverb	slv
potvrdno	adverb	hbs	pritrdilno	adverb	slv
odbacivši	verb	hbs	proč	adverb	slv
stručno	adverb	hbs	profesionalno	adverb	slv
propaganda	adverb	hbs	propagandno	adverb	slv
proporcionalno	adverb	hbs	proporcionalno	adverb	slv
prozirno	adverb	hbs	prosojno	adverb	slv
nezakonito	adverb	hbs	protipravno	adverb	slv
kontradiktorno	adverb	hbs	protislovno	adverb	slv
nezakonit	adverb	hbs	protizakonito	adverb	slv
prozaično	adverb	hbs	prozaično	adverb	slv
prvo	adverb	hbs	prvič	adverb	slv
prvorazredno	adverb	hbs	prvorazredno	adverb	slv
izvorno	adverb	hbs	prvotno	adverb	slv
prvoklasno	adverb	hbs	prvovrstno	adverb	slv
psihički	adverb	hbs	psihično	adverb	slv
psihološki	adverb	hbs	psihološko	adverb	slv
pernat	adverb	hbs	puhasto	adverb	slv
radio	adverb	hbs	radijsko	adverb	slv
radosno	adverb	hbs	radostno	adverb	slv
igrivo	adverb	hbs	radoživo	adverb	slv
tankočutno	adverb	hbs	rahločutno	adverb	slv
raketno	adverb	hbs	raketno	adverb	slv
hrapavost	adverb	hbs	raskavo	adverb	slv
rastući	verb	hbs	rastoč	adverb	slv
ravnodušno	adverb	hbs	ravnodušno	adverb	slv
ravno	adverb	hbs	ravno	adverb	slv
upravo	adverb	hbs	ravnokar	adverb	slv
nadražljiv	adverb	hbs	razdražljivo	adverb	slv
istraživački	adverb	hbs	raziskovalno	adverb	slv
srazmjer	adverb	hbs	razmeroma	adverb	slv
zamišljeno	adverb	hbs	razmišljajoče	adverb	slv
razno	adverb	hbs	razno	adverb	slv
raspadajući	verb	hbs	razpadajoče	adverb	slv
raspadajući	verb	hbs	razpadajoč	adverb	slv
dostupno	adverb	hbs	razpoložljivo	adverb	slv
nestašno	adverb	hbs	razposajeno	adverb	slv
prepoznatljivo	adverb	hbs	razpoznavno	adverb	slv
razredno	adverb	hbs	razredno	adverb	slv
razbacavši	verb	hbs	raztreseno	adverb	slv
osjetljivost	adverb	hbs	razumevajoče	adverb	slv
razumijevajući	verb	hbs	razumevajoč	adverb	slv
intelektualno	adverb	hbs	razumsko	adverb	slv
evidentno	adverb	hbs	razvidno	adverb	slv
crveno	adverb	hbs	rdeč	adverb	slv
crvenkasto	adverb	hbs	rdečkasto	adverb	slv
reaktivno	adverb	hbs	reaktivno	adverb	slv
rečeno	adverb	hbs	rečeno	adverb	slv
rijetko	adverb	hbs	redkokdaj	adverb	slv
rekavši	verb	hbs	rekoč	adverb	slv
lajući	verb	hbs	renče	adverb	slv
renesansa	adverb	hbs	renesančno	adverb	slv
rendgenski	adverb	hbs	rentgensko	adverb	slv
genetski	adverb	hbs	gensko	adverb	slv
republiški	adverb	hbs	republiško	adverb	slv
prorez	adverb	hbs	reže	adverb	slv
smeđast	adverb	hbs	rjavkasto	adverb	slv
rika	adverb	hbs	rjove	adverb	slv
okretno	adverb	hbs	ročno	adverb	slv
romanski	adverb	hbs	romansko	adverb	slv
rosno	adverb	hbs	rosno	adverb	slv
žućkast	adverb	hbs	rumenkasto	adverb	slv
rutina	adverb	hbs	rutinsko	adverb	slv
sadistički	adverb	hbs	sadistično	adverb	slv
solomonski	adverb	hbs	salomonsko	adverb	slv
samosvojno	adverb	hbs	samosvoje	adverb	slv
samoupravno	adverb	hbs	samoupravno	adverb	slv
svojevoljno	adverb	hbs	samovoljno	adverb	slv
samodostatnost	adverb	hbs	samozadostno	adverb	slv
pospano	adverb	hbs	sanjavo	adverb	slv
sanjsko	adverb	hbs	sanjsko	adverb	slv
kadtad	adverb	hbs	sčasoma	adverb	slv
sebično	adverb	hbs	sebično	adverb	slv
današnje	adverb	hbs	sedanje	adverb	slv
sjedeći	verb	hbs	sedeče	adverb	slv
sjedeći	verb	hbs	sedeč	adverb	slv
sjedeći	verb	hbs	sede	adverb	slv
sedam puta	adverb	hbs	sedemkrat	adverb	slv
sentimentalno	adverb	hbs	sentimentalno	adverb	slv
senzacionalno	adverb	hbs	senzacionalno	adverb	slv
serumsk	adverb	hbs	serumsko	adverb	slv
sastavivši	verb	hbs	sestavljajoč	adverb	slv
šest puta	adverb	hbs	šestkrat	adverb	slv
sijući	adverb	hbs	sijoče	adverb	slv
ozareno	adverb	hbs	sijoč	adverb	slv
sila	adverb	hbs	sila	adverb	slv
simbolično	adverb	hbs	simbolično	adverb	slv
simbolično	adverb	hbs	simbolno	adverb	slv
sinji	adverb	hbs	sinje	adverb	slv
sistematski	adverb	hbs	sistematično	adverb	slv
dosadno	adverb	hbs	sitno	adverb	slv
stijenovit	adverb	hbs	skalno	adverb	slv
skeptično	adverb	hbs	skeptično	adverb	slv
pozivajući	verb	hbs	sklicujoč	adverb	slv
skokovito	adverb	hbs	skokovito	adverb	slv
kroz	adverb	hbs	skozi	adverb	slv
ukratko	adverb	hbs	skratka	adverb	slv
krijući	verb	hbs	skrivaje	adverb	slv
potajno	adverb	hbs	skrivaj	adverb	slv
potajno	adverb	hbs	skrivoma	adverb	slv
grupno	adverb	hbs	skupinsko	adverb	slv
skupa	adverb	hbs	skup	adverb	slv
ukupno	adverb	hbs	skupno	adverb	slv
dijabetes	adverb	hbs	sladkorno	adverb	slv
slama	adverb	hbs	slamnato	adverb	slv
slaveći	verb	hbs	slaveč	adverb	slv
slavno	adverb	hbs	slave	adverb	slv
sljedeći	verb	hbs	sledeč	adverb	slv
tragajući	verb	hbs	slede	adverb	slv
naposlijetku	adverb	hbs	slednjič	adverb	slv
slijep	adverb	hbs	slepo	adverb	slv
mršavo	adverb	hbs	sloko	adverb	slv
čuveno	adverb	hbs	sloveč	adverb	slv
gramatički	adverb	hbs	slovnično	adverb	slv
slučajno	adverb	hbs	slučajno	adverb	slv
kroz smijeh	adverb	hbs	smeje	adverb	slv
smisleno	adverb	hbs	smiselno	adverb	slv
smola	adverb	hbs	smolnato	adverb	slv
smrdljiv	adverb	hbs	smrdeče	adverb	slv
smrdljiv	adverb	hbs	smrdeč	adverb	slv
sniježno	adverb	hbs	snežno	adverb	slv
sažalno	adverb	hbs	sočutno	adverb	slv
sudeći	verb	hbs	sodeč	adverb	slv
sunčano	adverb	hbs	sončno	adverb	slv
dahćući	verb	hbs	sope	adverb	slv
dahćući	verb	hbs	sopihajoč	adverb	slv
sovjetski	adverb	hbs	sovjetsko	adverb	slv
spavanje	adverb	hbs	speče	adverb	slv
spavajući	verb	hbs	speč	adverb	slv
spekulativnost	adverb	hbs	spekulativno	adverb	slv
spiralno	adverb	hbs	spiralno	adverb	slv
spiritualno	adverb	hbs	spiritualno	adverb	slv
spočetka	adverb	hbs	spočetka	adverb	slv
ispod	adverb	hbs	spodaj	adverb	slv
motivacija	adverb	hbs	spodbujajoč	adverb	slv
motivacija	adverb	hbs	spodbujevalno	adverb	slv
spolno	adverb	hbs	spolno	adverb	slv
klisko	adverb	hbs	spolzko	adverb	slv
podsjećajući	verb	hbs	spominjajoč	adverb	slv
memorija	adverb	hbs	spominsko	adverb	slv
proljećno	adverb	hbs	spomladansko	adverb	slv
u proljeće	adverb	hbs	spomladi	adverb	slv
mimohod	adverb	hbs	spotoma	adverb	slv
sprijeda	adverb	hbs	spredaj	adverb	slv
promjenjiv	adverb	hbs	spremenljivo	adverb	slv
promjena	adverb	hbs	spreminjajoče	adverb	slv
promjena	adverb	hbs	spreminjajoč	adverb	slv
podržavši	verb	hbs	spremljajoče	adverb	slv
usput	adverb	hbs	sproti	adverb	slv
isprva	adverb	hbs	sprva	adverb	slv
padajući	verb	hbs	spuščajoč	adverb	slv
stidljivo	adverb	hbs	sramežljivo	adverb	slv
ponižavajući	verb	hbs	sramotilno	adverb	slv
svrbeći	verb	hbs	srbeč	adverb	slv
srebrno	adverb	hbs	srebrno	adverb	slv
središnji	adverb	hbs	srednjeevropsko	adverb	slv
srednje	adverb	hbs	srednje	adverb	slv
stanarski	adverb	hbs	stanovanjsko	adverb	slv
statistički	adverb	hbs	statistično	adverb	slv
stakleno	adverb	hbs	stekleno	adverb	slv
zidno	adverb	hbs	stensko	adverb	slv
četiri puta	adverb	hbs	štirikrat	adverb	slv
stojeći	verb	hbs	stoječe	adverb	slv
stojeći	verb	hbs	stoječ	adverb	slv
stojeći	verb	hbs	stoje	adverb	slv
sto	adverb	hbs	stokrat	adverb	slv
strano	adverb	hbs	stran	adverb	slv
stranka	adverb	hbs	strankarsko	adverb	slv
sporedno	adverb	hbs	stransko	adverb	slv
strahovito	adverb	hbs	strašljivo	adverb	slv
strasno	adverb	hbs	strastno	adverb	slv
streljački	adverb	hbs	strelsko	adverb	slv
izbočeno	adverb	hbs	štrleč	adverb	slv
ukočeno	adverb	hbs	strme	adverb	slv
šumno	adverb	hbs	šume	adverb	slv
suvereno	adverb	hbs	suvereno	adverb	slv
sjajno	adverb	hbs	svetleče	adverb	slv
sjajno	adverb	hbs	svetleč	adverb	slv
trepereći	verb	hbs	svetlikajoč	adverb	slv
savjetodavno	adverb	hbs	svetovalno	adverb	slv
svjetski	adverb	hbs	svetovno	adverb	slv
svježe	adverb	hbs	sveže	adverb	slv
svila	adverb	hbs	svileno	adverb	slv
svila	adverb	hbs	svilnato	adverb	slv
olovno	adverb	hbs	svinčeno	adverb	slv
samovoljno	adverb	hbs	svojevoljno	adverb	slv
vrsta	adverb	hbs	svojevrstno	adverb	slv
doba	adverb	hbs	tačas	adverb	slv
tajno	adverb	hbs	tajno	adverb	slv
odmah	adverb	hbs	takoj	adverb	slv
ovako	adverb	hbs	takole	adverb	slv
sedmično	adverb	hbs	tedensko	adverb	slv
tekuće	adverb	hbs	tekoče	adverb	slv
telegrafski	adverb	hbs	telegrafsko	adverb	slv
telegramski	adverb	hbs	telegramsko	adverb	slv
tjelesno	adverb	hbs	telesno	adverb	slv
tegobno	adverb	hbs	tesnobno	adverb	slv
mukotrpno	adverb	hbs	težaško	adverb	slv
tik	adverb	hbs	tik	adverb	slv
tipično	adverb	hbs	tipično	adverb	slv
hiljadu	adverb	hbs	tisočkrat	adverb	slv
spaljujući	verb	hbs	tleče	adverb	slv
ovaj put	adverb	hbs	tokrat	adverb	slv
onoliko	adverb	hbs	tolikanj	adverb	slv
ovoliko	adverb	hbs	toliko	adverb	slv
toliko puta	adverb	hbs	tolikokrat	adverb	slv
totalitarno	adverb	hbs	totalitarno	adverb	slv
u tijeku	adverb	hbs	trajajoč	adverb	slv
travnato	adverb	hbs	trate	adverb	slv
travnato	adverb	hbs	travnato	adverb	slv
trepet	adverb	hbs	trepetajoče	adverb	slv
treći put	adverb	hbs	tretjič	adverb	slv
trivijalno	adverb	hbs	trivialno	adverb	slv
truljenje	adverb	hbs	trohneče	adverb	slv
tri	adverb	hbs	troje	adverb	slv
patnja	adverb	hbs	trpeče	adverb	slv
gorko	adverb	hbs	trpko	adverb	slv
grupno	adverb	hbs	trumoma	adverb	slv
marketing	adverb	hbs	tržno	adverb	slv
tuđe	adverb	hbs	tuje	adverb	slv
rizik	adverb	hbs	tvegaje	adverb	slv
siromašno	adverb	hbs	ubogo	adverb	slv
učenje	adverb	hbs	učeč	adverb	slv
bježeći	verb	hbs	uhajajoč	adverb	slv
odgovarajući	verb	hbs	ujemajoč	adverb	slv
vješto	adverb	hbs	umetelno	adverb	slv
umjetno	adverb	hbs	umetniško	adverb	slv
evidentno	adverb	hbs	umevno	adverb	slv
povlačeći	verb	hbs	umikajoč	adverb	slv
umrijevši	verb	hbs	umirajoče	adverb	slv
umrijevši	verb	hbs	umirajoč	adverb	slv
mentalno	adverb	hbs	umsko	adverb	slv
rasturivši	verb	hbs	uničujoče	adverb	slv
rasturivši	verb	hbs	uničujoč	adverb	slv
univerzalno	adverb	hbs	univerzalno	adverb	slv
uporabivši	verb	hbs	uporabljaje	adverb	slv
uporabivši	verb	hbs	uporabljajoč	adverb	slv
uporno	adverb	hbs	uporniško	adverb	slv
uporno	adverb	hbs	uporno	adverb	slv
uzimajući u obzir	adverb	hbs	upoštevaje	adverb	slv
uzimajući u obzir	adverb	hbs	upoštevajoč	adverb	slv
opravdano	adverb	hbs	upravičeno	adverb	slv
službeno	adverb	hbs	uradno	adverb	slv
kožno	adverb	hbs	usnjeno	adverb	slv
usmeno	adverb	hbs	ustno	adverb	slv
odgovarajući	verb	hbs	ustrezajoče	adverb	slv
odgovarajući	verb	hbs	ustrezajoč	adverb	slv
stvarajući	verb	hbs	ustvarjajoč	adverb	slv
treperi	adverb	hbs	utripajoče	adverb	slv
zamorno	adverb	hbs	utrudljivo	adverb	slv
jestivo	adverb	hbs	užitno	adverb	slv
zavodnički	adverb	hbs	vabljivo	adverb	slv
valovito	adverb	hbs	valovito	adverb	slv
valovito	adverb	hbs	valujoče	adverb	slv
čuvajući	verb	hbs	varovaje	adverb	slv
štiteći	verb	hbs	varstveno	adverb	slv
večerašnji	adverb	hbs	večerno	adverb	slv
veči deo	adverb	hbs	večidel	adverb	slv
zauvijek	adverb	hbs	večno	adverb	slv
ponašati se	adverb	hbs	vedenjsko	adverb	slv
važeći	verb	hbs	veljavno	adverb	slv
beneški	adverb	hbs	venetsko	adverb	slv
verbalno	adverb	hbs	verbalno	adverb	slv
lančano	adverb	hbs	verižno	adverb	slv
vjerno	adverb	hbs	verno	adverb	slv
vjerujući	verb	hbs	verujoč	adverb	slv
moljac	adverb	hbs	vešče	adverb	slv
vjetrovit	adverb	hbs	vetrovno	adverb	slv
ugrađeno	adverb	hbs	vgrajeno	adverb	slv
vidjevši	verb	hbs	videno	adverb	slv
vikingovo	adverb	hbs	vikinško	adverb	slv
viseći	verb	hbs	viseče	adverb	slv
viseći	verb	hbs	viseč	adverb	slv
viseći	verb	hbs	vise	adverb	slv
viskozno	adverb	hbs	viskozno	adverb	slv
trešnja	adverb	hbs	višnjevo	adverb	slv
viteški	adverb	hbs	viteško	adverb	slv
vizualno	adverb	hbs	vizualno	adverb	slv
vladajući	verb	hbs	vladajoče	adverb	slv
vlada	adverb	hbs	vladno	adverb	slv
između	adverb	hbs	vmes	adverb	slv
unaprijed	adverb	hbs	vnaprej	adverb	slv
unoseći	verb	hbs	vnašaje	adverb	slv
vodeći	verb	hbs	vodeče	adverb	slv
vodeno	adverb	hbs	vodno	adverb	slv
vodoravno	adverb	hbs	vodoravno	adverb	slv
ratnički	adverb	hbs	vojskujoče	adverb	slv
rado	adverb	hbs	voljno	adverb	slv
vosak	adverb	hbs	voščeno	adverb	slv
šupalj	adverb	hbs	votlo	adverb	slv
utjecajno	adverb	hbs	vplivajoč	adverb	slv
upitno	adverb	hbs	vprašljivo	adverb	slv
unatrag	adverb	hbs	vračajoč	adverb	slv
vratolomno	adverb	hbs	vratolomno	adverb	slv
vrijednost	adverb	hbs	vred	adverb	slv
vrhunski	adverb	hbs	vrhunsko	adverb	slv
valjano	adverb	hbs	vrlo	adverb	slv
grozničavo	adverb	hbs	vročično	adverb	slv
rotirajući	verb	hbs	vrteče	adverb	slv
rotirajući	verb	hbs	vrteč	adverb	slv
rotirajući	verb	hbs	vrtljivo	adverb	slv
vrtoglavo	adverb	hbs	vrtoglavo	adverb	slv
odvojeno	adverb	hbs	vsaksebi	adverb	slv
sadržajno	adverb	hbs	vsebinsko	adverb	slv
sadržajno	adverb	hbs	vsebujoč	adverb	slv
ugodno	adverb	hbs	všečno	adverb	slv
prijatno	adverb	hbs	prijetno	adverb	slv
sve	adverb	hbs	vse	adverb	slv
sve	adverb	hbs	vselej	adverb	slv
svemoguće	adverb	hbs	vsemogočno	adverb	slv
svestrano	adverb	hbs	vsestransko	adverb	slv
svestrano	adverb	hbs	vsevprek	adverb	slv
obavezno	adverb	hbs	obvezno	adverb	slv
ustranu	adverb	hbs	vstran	adverb	slv
ovom	adverb	hbs	vtem	adverb	slv
uzgojivši	verb	hbs	vzgojno	adverb	slv
rastući	verb	hbs	vzhajajoč	adverb	slv
unazad	adverb	hbs	vznak	adverb	slv
uzlazno	adverb	hbs	vzpenjajoč	adverb	slv
usporedno	adverb	hbs	vzporedno	adverb	slv
uzvišeno	adverb	hbs	vzvišeno	adverb	slv
unazad	adverb	hbs	vzvratno	adverb	slv
privremeno	adverb	hbs	začasno	adverb	slv
pokretajući	verb	hbs	začenši	adverb	slv
unatrag	adverb	hbs	zadaj	adverb	slv
zadnji put	adverb	hbs	zadnjič	adverb	slv
dovoljno	adverb	hbs	zadostno	adverb	slv
zadovoljavajuće	adverb	hbs	zadovoljivo	adverb	slv
zagušljivo	adverb	hbs	zadušljivo	adverb	slv
pod uvjetom	adverb	hbs	zagotavljajoč	adverb	slv
ogorčeno	adverb	hbs	zagrizeno	adverb	slv
zahvaljujući	verb	hbs	zahvaljujoč	adverb	slv
uvučeno	adverb	hbs	zamaknjeno	adverb	slv
uzaludno	adverb	hbs	zaman	adverb	slv
razmjenljivo	adverb	hbs	zamenljivo	adverb	slv
muklo	adverb	hbs	zamolklo	adverb	slv
zanosno	adverb	hbs	zanosno	adverb	slv
red	adverb	hbs	zapored	adverb	slv
uzastopno	adverb	hbs	zapovrstjo	adverb	slv
užareno	adverb	hbs	žareče	adverb	slv
užareno	adverb	hbs	žareč	adverb	slv
zavjerenički	adverb	hbs	zarotniško	adverb	slv
brižno	adverb	hbs	zaskrbljujoče	adverb	slv
zasluživši	verb	hbs	zasluženo	adverb	slv
pospano	adverb	hbs	zaspano	adverb	slv
besplatno	adverb	hbs	zastonj	adverb	slv
zastrašujuće	adverb	hbs	zastrašujoče	adverb	slv
iz tog razloga	adverb	hbs	zategadelj	adverb	slv
zatim	adverb	hbs	zatem	adverb	slv
stoga	adverb	hbs	zatorej	adverb	slv
svjesno	adverb	hbs	zavedajoč	adverb	slv
zauvijek	adverb	hbs	zavedno	adverb	slv
vezajući	verb	hbs	zavezujoč	adverb	slv
zavidno	adverb	hbs	zavidljivo	adverb	slv
bockajući	verb	hbs	zbadajoč	adverb	slv
izvanredno	adverb	hbs	zbujajoč	adverb	slv
daleko	adverb	hbs	zdaleč	adverb	slv
daleko od kuće	adverb	hbs	zdoma	adverb	slv
zdravstveno	adverb	hbs	zdravstveno	adverb	slv
kontinuirano	adverb	hbs	zdržema	adverb	slv
zelenkasto	adverb	hbs	zelenkasto	adverb	slv
zemaljski	adverb	hbs	zemeljsko	adverb	slv
zemno	adverb	hbs	zemeljsko	adverb	slv
ženski	adverb	hbs	žensko	adverb	slv
primjerno	adverb	hbs	zgledno	adverb	slv
spaljujući	verb	hbs	žgoče	adverb	slv
gore	adverb	hbs	zgoraj	adverb	slv
ljuljajući	verb	hbs	zibajoč	adverb	slv
životno	adverb	hbs	življenjsko	adverb	slv
ujutro	adverb	hbs	zjutraj	adverb	slv
postepeno	adverb	hbs	zlagoma	adverb	slv
naročito	adverb	hbs	zlasti	adverb	slv
na lijep način	adverb	hbs	zlepa	adverb	slv
kazneno	adverb	hbs	zločinsko	adverb	slv
zlokobno	adverb	hbs	zlovešče	adverb	slv
preklopno	adverb	hbs	zložljivo	adverb	slv
pobjednički	adverb	hbs	zmagovito	adverb	slv
unutar	adverb	hbs	znotraj	adverb	slv
zora	adverb	hbs	zore	adverb	slv
usto	adverb	hbs	zraven	adverb	slv
gledajući	verb	hbs	zreč	adverb	slv
navečer	adverb	hbs	zvečer	adverb	slv
većinom	adverb	hbs	zvečine	adverb	slv
zvučno	adverb	hbs	zveneč	adverb	slv
vjerno	adverb	hbs	zvesto	adverb	slv
zvjezdano	adverb	hbs	zvezdniško	adverb	slv
federalno	adverb	hbs	zvezno	adverb	slv
ljudski	adverb	hbs	človeško	adverb	slv
crno	adverb	hbs	črno	adverb	slv
čudesno	adverb	hbs	čudežno	adverb	slv
desno	adverb	hbs	desno	adverb	slv
glatko	adverb	hbs	gladko	adverb	slv
lijevo	adverb	hbs	levo	adverb	slv
sitno	adverb	hbs	malenkostno	adverb	slv
slabo	adverb	hbs	medlo	adverb	slv
mnogo	adverb	hbs	mnogo	adverb	slv
mokro	adverb	hbs	mokro	adverb	slv
hladno	adverb	hbs	mrzlo	adverb	slv
nevino	adverb	hbs	nedolžno	adverb	slv
osobno	adverb	hbs	osebno	adverb	slv
površno	adverb	hbs	površno	adverb	slv
tupo	adverb	hbs	topo	adverb	slv
glupo	adverb	hbs	trapasto	adverb	slv
zdravo	adverb	hbs	zdravo	adverb	slv
zeleno	adverb	hbs	zeleno	adverb	slv
rano	adverb	hbs	zgodaj	adverb	slv
lako	adverb	hbs	zlahka	adverb	slv
debelo	adverb	hbs	debelo	adverb	slv
krasno	adverb	hbs	krasno	adverb	slv
puno	adverb	hbs	polno	adverb	slv
sretno	adverb	hbs	srečno	adverb	slv
staro	adverb	hbs	staro	adverb	slv
brojno	adverb	hbs	številno	adverb	slv
povjerljivo	adverb	hbs	zaupljivo	adverb	slv
strašno	adverb	hbs	grozovito	adverb	slv
ljudski	adverb	hbs	humano	adverb	slv
moderno	adverb	hbs	moderno	adverb	slv
neprihvatljivo	adverb	hbs	nesprejemljivo	adverb	slv
novo	adverb	hbs	novo	adverb	slv
originalno	adverb	hbs	originalno	adverb	slv
osnovno	adverb	hbs	osnovno	adverb	slv
nadležno	adverb	hbs	pristojno	adverb	slv
različito	adverb	hbs	različno	adverb	slv
sporno	adverb	hbs	sporno	adverb	slv
prihvatljivo	adverb	hbs	sprejemljivo	adverb	slv
stabilno	adverb	hbs	stabilno	adverb	slv
strašno	adverb	hbs	strašno	adverb	slv
stvarno	adverb	hbs	stvarno	adverb	slv
vrijedno	adverb	hbs	vredno	adverb	slv
privatno	adverb	hbs	zasebno	adverb	slv
plemenito	adverb	hbs	žlahtno	adverb	slv
aktivno	adverb	hbs	aktivno	adverb	slv
ambiciozno	adverb	hbs	ambiciozno	adverb	slv
cjelovito	adverb	hbs	celovito	adverb	slv
jako	adverb	hbs	čvrsto	adverb	slv
aktivno	adverb	hbs	dejavno	adverb	slv
elegantno	adverb	hbs	elegantno	adverb	slv
elitno	adverb	hbs	elitno	adverb	slv
konačno	adverb	hbs	končno	adverb	slv
zlo	adverb	hbs	hudobno	adverb	slv
intimno	adverb	hbs	intimno	adverb	slv
kruto	adverb	hbs	kruto	adverb	slv
konkretno	adverb	hbs	konkretno	adverb	slv
korisno	adverb	hbs	koristno	adverb	slv
liberalno	adverb	hbs	liberalno	adverb	slv
krasno	adverb	hbs	lično	adverb	slv
mirno	adverb	hbs	mirno	adverb	slv
mudro	adverb	hbs	modro	adverb	slv
silno	adverb	hbs	mogočno	adverb	slv
silno	adverb	hbs	mogočno	adverb	slv
pogrešno	adverb	hbs	napačno	adverb	slv
agresivno	adverb	hbs	napadalno	adverb	slv
prirodno	adverb	hbs	naravno	adverb	slv
jasno	adverb	hbs	nazorno	adverb	slv
prljavo	adverb	hbs	nečisto	adverb	slv
direktno	adverb	hbs	neposredno	adverb	slv
normalno	adverb	hbs	normalno	adverb	slv
značajno	adverb	hbs	občutno	adverb	slv
odgovorno	adverb	hbs	odgovorno	adverb	slv
odlučujuće	adverb	hbs	odločilno	adverb	slv
pažljivo	adverb	hbs	pazljivo	adverb	slv
uspravno	adverb	hbs	pokončno	adverb	slv
ravno	adverb	hbs	položno	adverb	slv
potpuno	adverb	hbs	popolno	adverb	slv
pozitivno	adverb	hbs	pozitivno	adverb	slv
pažljivo	adverb	hbs	pozorno	adverb	slv
precizno	adverb	hbs	precizno	adverb	slv
pažljivo	adverb	hbs	previdno	adverb	slv
pripravno	adverb	hbs	pripravno	adverb	slv
pravo	adverb	hbs	pristno	adverb	slv
radikalno	adverb	hbs	radikalno	adverb	slv
jasno	adverb	hbs	razločno	adverb	slv
realno	adverb	hbs	realno	adverb	slv
regionalno	adverb	hbs	regionalno	adverb	slv
stvarno	adverb	hbs	resnično	adverb	slv
ozbiljno	adverb	hbs	resnobno	adverb	slv
nezavisno	adverb	hbs	samostojno	adverb	slv
sjeverno	adverb	hbs	severno	adverb	slv
silno	adverb	hbs	silno	adverb	slv
svečano	adverb	hbs	slovesno	adverb	slv
sjedinjeno	adverb	hbs	složno	adverb	slv
smrtonosno	adverb	hbs	smrtonosno	adverb	slv
solidno	adverb	hbs	solidno	adverb	slv
trajno	adverb	hbs	stalno	adverb	slv
žestoko	adverb	hbs	sunkovito	adverb	slv
tematski	adverb	hbs	tematsko	adverb	slv
trajno	adverb	hbs	trajno	adverb	slv
čvrsto	adverb	hbs	trdno	adverb	slv
hitro	adverb	hbs	hitro	adverb	slv
hitro	adverb	hbs	urno	adverb	slv
fatalno	adverb	hbs	usodno	adverb	slv
uspješno	adverb	hbs	uspešno	adverb	slv
sigurno	adverb	hbs	varno	adverb	slv
važno	adverb	hbs	važno	adverb	slv
vjerojatno	adverb	hbs	verjetno	adverb	slv
zabavno	adverb	hbs	zabavno	adverb	slv
zapadno	adverb	hbs	zahodno	adverb	slv
povjerljivo	adverb	hbs	zaupno	adverb	slv
tipično	adverb	hbs	značilno	adverb	slv
značajno	adverb	hbs	znatno	adverb	slv
vazdušno	adverb	hbs	zračno	adverb	slv
dugotrajno	adverb	hbs	dolgotrajno	adverb	slv
jednostavno	adverb	hbs	enostavno	adverb	slv
fino	adverb	hbs	fino	adverb	slv
gusto	adverb	hbs	gosto	adverb	slv
strašno	adverb	hbs	grozno	adverb	slv
brzo	adverb	hbs	hitro	adverb	slv
oštro	adverb	hbs	hudo	adverb	slv
idealno	adverb	hbs	idealno	adverb	slv
intenzivno	adverb	hbs	intenzivno	adverb	slv
kritično	adverb	hbs	kritično	adverb	slv
lako	adverb	hbs	lahkotno	adverb	slv
mekano	adverb	hbs	mehko	adverb	slv
jako	adverb	hbs	močno	adverb	slv
brzo	adverb	hbs	naglo	adverb	slv
točno	adverb	hbs	natančno	adverb	slv
glupo	adverb	hbs	neumno	adverb	slv
opasno	adverb	hbs	nevarno	adverb	slv
obilno	adverb	hbs	obilno	adverb	slv
oštro	adverb	hbs	ostro	adverb	slv
mudro	adverb	hbs	pametno	adverb	slv
sporo	adverb	hbs	počasno	adverb	slv
često	adverb	hbs	pogosto	adverb	slv
važno	adverb	hbs	pomembno	adverb	slv
lijepo	adverb	hbs	prijetno	adverb	slv
ozbiljno	adverb	hbs	resno	adverb	slv
oštro	adverb	hbs	rezko	adverb	slv
pažljivo	adverb	hbs	skrbno	adverb	slv
skromno	adverb	hbs	skromno	adverb	slv
slavno	adverb	hbs	slavno	adverb	slv
opće	adverb	hbs	splošno	adverb	slv
sveto	adverb	hbs	sveto	adverb	slv
tijesno	adverb	hbs	tesno	adverb	slv
zrelo	adverb	hbs	zrelo	adverb	slv
skupo	adverb	hbs	drago	adverb	slv
blisko	adverb	hbs	blizu	adverb	slv
daleko	adverb	hbs	daleč	adverb	slv
dugo	adverb	hbs	dolgo	adverb	slv
duboko	adverb	hbs	globoko	adverb	slv
ružno	adverb	hbs	grdo	adverb	slv
lijepo	adverb	hbs	lepo	adverb	slv
maleno	adverb	hbs	majhno	adverb	slv
mlado	adverb	hbs	mlado	adverb	slv
polako	adverb	hbs	počasi	adverb	slv
kasno	adverb	hbs	pozno	adverb	slv
široko	adverb	hbs	široko	adverb	slv
slabo	adverb	hbs	slabo	adverb	slv
teško	adverb	hbs	težko	adverb	slv
tvrdo	adverb	hbs	trdo	adverb	slv
veliko	adverb	hbs	veliko	adverb	slv
lako	adverb	hbs	lahko	adverb	slv
nisko	adverb	hbs	nizko	adverb	slv
suho	adverb	hbs	suho	adverb	slv
jasno	adverb	hbs	jasno	adverb	slv
kasno	adverb	hbs	kasno	adverb	slv
relativno	adverb	hbs	relativno	adverb	slv
dobro	adverb	hbs	dobro	adverb	slv
kratko	adverb	hbs	kratko	adverb	slv
malo	adverb	hbs	malo	adverb	slv
strogo	adverb	hbs	strogo	adverb	slv
odista	adverb	hbs	stvarno	adverb	slv
engleski	adjective	hbs	angleščina	noun	slv
baskijski	adjective	hbs	baskovščina	noun	slv
portugalski	adjective	hbs	portugalščina	noun	slv
španjolski	adjective	hbs	španščina	noun	slv
bližnji	adjective	hbs	sočlovek	noun	slv
višegradski	adverb	hbs	večmestno	adverb	slv
građevinski	adverb	hbs	gradbeno	adverb	slv
glasački	adverb	hbs	glasovalno	adverb	slv
okolno	adverb	hbs	okolno	adverb	slv
reklamno	adverb	hbs	reklamno	adverb	slv
naredno	adverb	hbs	naslednje	adverb	slv
potonje	adverb	hbs	slednje	adverb	slv
dojučerašnje	adverb	hbs	dovčerajšnje	adverb	slv
orkestralno	adverb	hbs	orkestralno	adverb	slv
protupožarno	adverb	hbs	protipožarno	adverb	slv
susjedno	adverb	hbs	sosedovo	adverb	slv
minulo	adverb	hbs	minulo	adverb	slv
rukovodstveno	adverb	hbs	vodstveno	adverb	slv
reformno	adverb	hbs	reformno	adverb	slv
naznačeno	adverb	hbs	označeno	adverb	slv
sniženo	adverb	hbs	znižano	adverb	slv
napravljeno	adverb	hbs	napravljeno	adverb	slv
naseljeno	adverb	hbs	naseljeno	adverb	slv
upućeno	adverb	hbs	poslano	adverb	slv
okrivljeno	adverb	hbs	obtoženo	adverb	slv
pobjeđeno	adverb	hbs	premagano	adverb	slv
podijeljeno	adverb	hbs	podeljeno	adverb	slv
preminulo	adverb	hbs	preminulo	adverb	slv
pronađeno	adverb	hbs	najdeno	adverb	slv
pritvoreno	adverb	hbs	priprto	adverb	slv
proglašeno	adverb	hbs	proglašeno	adverb	slv
prosvjećeno	adverb	hbs	razsvetljeno	adverb	slv
raspoloženo	adverb	hbs	razpoloženo	adverb	slv
plavo	adverb	hbs	plavo	adverb	slv
zagušeno	adverb	hbs	zadušeno	adverb	slv
planirano	adverb	hbs	planirano	adverb	slv
umiješano	adverb	hbs	umešano	adverb	slv
održano	adverb	hbs	vzdrževano	adverb	slv
patriotski	adverb	hbs	patriotsko	adverb	slv
menadžerski	adverb	hbs	vodstveno	adverb	slv
evangelički	adverb	hbs	evangelično	adverb	slv
zanatski	adverb	hbs	obrtniško	adverb	slv
geomagnetski	adverb	hbs	geomagnetno	adverb	slv
gimnastičarski	adverb	hbs	telovadno	adverb	slv
depresijski	adverb	hbs	depresijsko	adverb	slv
obmanuto	adverb	hbs	prevarano	adverb	slv
zapadnoevropski	adverb	hbs	zapadnoevropsko	adverb	slv
lišeno	adverb	hbs	odvzeto	adverb	slv
nominovano	adverb	hbs	kandidirano	adverb	slv
zahvalno	adverb	hbs	zahvalno	adverb	slv
ključno	adverb	hbs	zahvalno	adverb	slv
evangelički	adverb	hbs	evangelijsko	adverb	slv
euroatlantski	adverb	hbs	evroatlantsko	adverb	slv
geografski	adverb	hbs	geografsko	adverb	slv
geomagnetski	adverb	hbs	geomagnetsko	adverb	slv
planinski	adverb	hbs	hribovsko	adverb	slv
hrvatski	adverb	hbs	hrvatsko	adverb	slv
hvarski	adverb	hbs	hvarsko	adverb	slv
imotski	adverb	hbs	imotsko	adverb	slv
indijanski	adverb	hbs	indijansko	adverb	slv
izmirski	adverb	hbs	izmirsko	adverb	slv
jermenski	adverb	hbs	jermensko	adverb	slv
jutarnje	adverb	hbs	jutranjo	adverb	slv
kavkaski	adverb	hbs	kavkasko	adverb	slv
kazahstanski	adverb	hbs	kazakstansko	adverb	slv
komitski	adverb	hbs	komitsko	adverb	slv
kongoanski	adverb	hbs	kongovsko	adverb	slv
konzervatorski	adverb	hbs	konzervatorsko	adverb	slv
korintski	adverb	hbs	korintsko	adverb	slv
krapinski	adverb	hbs	krapinsko	adverb	slv
kulturološki	adverb	hbs	kulturološko	adverb	slv
kurdistanski	adverb	hbs	kurdistansko	adverb	slv
brodograditeljski	adverb	hbs	ladjedelsko	adverb	slv
aerodromski	adverb	hbs	letališko	adverb	slv
liburnski	adverb	hbs	liburnijsko	adverb	slv
liburnski	adverb	hbs	liburnsko	adverb	slv
medicinski	adverb	hbs	medicinsko	adverb	slv
medijski	adverb	hbs	medijsko	adverb	slv
mediteranski	adverb	hbs	mediteransko	adverb	slv
daljnje	adverb	hbs	naslednjo	adverb	slv
nealbanski	adverb	hbs	nealbansko	adverb	slv
neandertalski	adverb	hbs	neandertalsko	adverb	slv
nearapski	adverb	hbs	nearabsko	adverb	slv
nehigijenski	adverb	hbs	nehigiensko	adverb	slv
neislamski	adverb	hbs	neislamsko	adverb	slv
nemuslimanski	adverb	hbs	nemuslimansko	adverb	slv
nepartijski	adverb	hbs	nepartijsko	adverb	slv
neruski	adverb	hbs	nerusko	adverb	slv
neturski	adverb	hbs	neturško	adverb	slv
neuobičajeno	adverb	hbs	nevsakdanjo	adverb	slv
unutarnje	adverb	hbs	notranjsko	adverb	slv
okolno	adverb	hbs	okoliško	adverb	slv
orkestralno	adverb	hbs	orkestrsko	adverb	slv
pakistanski	adverb	hbs	pakistansko	adverb	slv
panarapski	adverb	hbs	panarabsko	adverb	slv
panonski	adverb	hbs	panonsko	adverb	slv
paravojno	adverb	hbs	paravojaško	adverb	slv
parfimerijski	adverb	hbs	parfumsko	adverb	slv
planinski	adverb	hbs	planinsko	adverb	slv
sponzorski	adverb	hbs	pokroviteljsko	adverb	slv
poljoprivredno	adverb	hbs	poljedelsko	adverb	slv
posttraumatski	adverb	hbs	posttravmatsko	adverb	slv
pretplaćujući	verb	hbs	predplačniško	adverb	slv
prethodno	adverb	hbs	prejšnjo	adverb	slv
imovinski	adverb	hbs	premoženjsko	adverb	slv
kavgadžijski	adverb	hbs	pretepaško	adverb	slv
primorski	adverb	hbs	primorsko	adverb	slv
proamerički	adverb	hbs	proameriško	adverb	slv
softverski	adverb	hbs	programersko	adverb	slv
proislamski	adverb	hbs	proislamsko	adverb	slv
prokurdski	adverb	hbs	prokurdsko	adverb	slv
antiizraelski	adverb	hbs	protiizraelsko	adverb	slv
ptičje	adverb	hbs	ptičjo	adverb	slv
radiografski	adverb	hbs	radiografsko	adverb	slv
ribarski	adverb	hbs	ribiško	adverb	slv
roditeljski	adverb	hbs	roditeljsko	adverb	slv
rudarski	adverb	hbs	rudarstvo	adverb	slv
sadašnje	adverb	hbs	sedanjo	adverb	slv
senatski	adverb	hbs	senatsko	adverb	slv
sjevernoatlanski	adverb	hbs	severnoatlansko	adverb	slv
sudski	adverb	hbs	sodniško	adverb	slv
sopotski	adverb	hbs	sopotsko	adverb	slv
bližnje	adverb	hbs	sosedsko	adverb	slv
srednjovjekovno	adverb	hbs	srednjeveško	adverb	slv
srednje	adverb	hbs	srednjo	adverb	slv
starčevački	adverb	hbs	starčevaško	adverb	slv
starinski	adverb	hbs	starinsko	adverb	slv
kilometarski	adverb	hbs	tisočmetrsko	adverb	slv
transbalkanski	adverb	hbs	transbalkansko	adverb	slv
trgovinski	adverb	hbs	trgovinsko	adverb	slv
trgovački	adverb	hbs	trgovsko	adverb	slv
vakufski	adverb	hbs	vakufsko	adverb	slv
varšavski	adverb	hbs	varšavsko	adverb	slv
seoski	adverb	hbs	vaško	adverb	slv
vjerski	adverb	hbs	versko	adverb	slv
veselo	adverb	hbs	veseljaško	adverb	slv
vinarski	adverb	hbs	vinarsko	adverb	slv
vinkovački	adverb	hbs	vinkovačko	adverb	slv
vremenski	adverb	hbs	vremensko	adverb	slv
vučedolski	adverb	hbs	vučedolsko	adverb	slv
višegradski	adverb	hbs	vysehradsko	adverb	slv
zapadnobalkanski	adverb	hbs	zahodnobalkansko	adverb	slv
zapadnoevropski	adverb	hbs	zahodnoevropsko	adverb	slv
ranohrišćanski	adverb	hbs	zgodnjekrščansko	adverb	slv
židovski	adverb	hbs	židovsko	adverb	slv
vanjski	adverb	hbs	zunanjo	adverb	slv
