pomoćan	adjective	hbs	support	adjective	eng
očuvanje mira	noun	hbs	peacekeeping	noun	eng
uvelike	adverb	hbs	greatly	adverb	eng
kontingent	noun	hbs	contingent	noun	eng
ALTEA	properNoun	hbs	ALTEA	properNoun	eng
u potpunosti	adverb	hbs	fully	adverb	eng
Mirče	properNoun	hbs	Mirče	properNoun	eng
Gjorgoski	properNoun	hbs	Gjorgoski	properNoun	eng
Gjorgjoski	properNoun	hbs	Gjorgjoski	properNoun	eng
zapovjedan	adjective	hbs	command	adjective	eng
Butmir	properNoun	hbs	Butmir	properNoun	eng
EUFOR	properNoun	hbs	EUFOR	properNoun	eng
preuzimati	verb	hbs	assume	verb	eng
rizičan	adjective	hbs	high-risk	adjective	eng
Hadži	properNoun	hbs	Hadži	properNoun	eng
Janev	properNoun	hbs	Janev	properNoun	eng
u sve većoj mjeri	adverb	hbs	increasingly	adverb	eng
učinkovitost	noun	hbs	effectiveness	noun	eng
stav	noun	hbs	view	noun	eng
borben	adjective	hbs	combat	adjective	eng
tim	noun	hbs	team	noun	eng
zapovjedan	adjective	hbs	commanding	adjective	eng
logistički	adjective	hbs	logistics	adjective	eng
postrojba	noun	hbs	unit	noun	eng
nadahnuti	verb	hbs	inspire	verb	eng
pozornost	noun	hbs	attention	noun	eng
Alexander	properNoun	hbs	Alexander	properNoun	eng
Pehr	properNoun	hbs	Pehr	properNoun	eng
primijetiti	verb	hbs	note	verb	eng
rastući	adjective	hbs	increased	adjective	eng
angažirati	verb	hbs	deploy	verb	eng
mirovnjak	noun	hbs	peacekeeper	noun	eng
Libanon	properNoun	hbs	Lebanon	properNoun	eng
Kongo	properNoun	hbs	Congo	properNoun	eng
časnica	noun	hbs	officer	noun	eng
Bjeloš	properNoun	hbs	Bjeloš	properNoun	eng
istraživačica	noun	hbs	researcher	noun	eng
muški	adjective	hbs	male	adjective	eng
vojnikinja	noun	hbs	soldier	noun	eng
prikupiti	verb	hbs	collect	verb	eng
napetost	noun	hbs	tension	noun	eng
kulturalan	adjective	hbs	cultural	adjective	eng
teren	noun	hbs	field	noun	eng
smještajan	adjective	hbs	accommodation	adjective	eng
kapacitet	noun	hbs	capacity	noun	eng
pružanje	noun	hbs	provide	verb	eng
motivirati	verb	hbs	motivate	verb	eng
ujednačavanje	noun	hbs	balance	verb	eng
Enri	properNoun	hbs	Enri	properNoun	eng
Hide	properNoun	hbs	Hide	properNoun	eng
ISAF	properNoun	hbs	ISAF	properNoun	eng
povišen	adjective	hbs	hightened	adjective	eng
pripremljenost	noun	hbs	preparation	noun	eng
spremnost	noun	hbs	readiness	noun	eng
poboljšavati	verb	hbs	improve	verb	eng
ugled	noun	hbs	prestige	noun	eng
Linda	properNoun	hbs	Linda	properNoun	eng
Karadaku	properNoun	hbs	Karadaku	properNoun	eng
prihvaćati	verb	hbs	accept	verb	eng
stavljati	verb	hbs	put	verb	eng
stupati	verb	hbs	march	verb	eng
ostajati	verb	hbs	stay	verb	eng
derati	verb	hbs	yell	verb	eng
derati	verb	hbs	rip	verb	eng
gledati	verb	hbs	look	verb	eng
gledati	verb	hbs	watch	verb	eng
ogledati	verb	hbs	glance	verb	eng
ogledati	verb	hbs	reflect	verb	eng
obožavati	verb	hbs	admire	verb	eng
gurati	verb	hbs	push	verb	eng
disati	verb	hbs	breathe	verb	eng
odati	verb	hbs	betray	verb	eng
odati	verb	hbs	pay	verb	eng
odati	verb	hbs	reveal	verb	eng
odati	verb	hbs	succumb	verb	eng
stati	verb	hbs	stand	verb	eng
stati	verb	hbs	stop	verb	eng
prati	verb	hbs	wash	verb	eng
obuzeti	verb	hbs	absorb	verb	eng
obuzeti	verb	hbs	overcome	verb	eng
obuzeti	verb	hbs	possess	verb	eng
izuzeti	verb	hbs	exclude	verb	eng
izuzeti	verb	hbs	exempt	verb	eng
sjediti	verb	hbs	sit	verb	eng
vaditi	verb	hbs	extract	verb	eng
vaditi	verb	hbs	take out	verb	eng
izvaditi	verb	hbs	extract	verb	eng
izvaditi	verb	hbs	take out	verb	eng
izraditi	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
usporediti	verb	hbs	compare	verb	eng
uporediti	verb	hbs	compare	verb	eng
rasporediti	verb	hbs	allocate	verb	eng
voditi	verb	hbs	lead	verb	eng
graditi	verb	hbs	build	verb	eng
suditi	verb	hbs	judge	verb	eng
buditi	verb	hbs	wake	verb	eng
probuditi	verb	hbs	wake	verb	eng
probuditi	verb	hbs	wake	verb	eng
probuditi	verb	hbs	wake up	verb	eng
odgoditi	verb	hbs	delay	verb	eng
odgoditi	verb	hbs	postpone	verb	eng
izgraditi	verb	hbs	build	verb	eng
odrediti	verb	hbs	allot	verb	eng
odrediti	verb	hbs	define	verb	eng
odrediti	verb	hbs	determine	verb	eng
naslijediti	verb	hbs	inherit	verb	eng
uslijediti	verb	hbs	accompany	verb	eng
osloboditi	verb	hbs	free	verb	eng
pobijediti	verb	hbs	win	verb	eng
utvrditi	verb	hbs	affirm	verb	eng
ubijediti	verb	hbs	convince	verb	eng
ubijediti	verb	hbs	persuade	verb	eng
osuditi	verb	hbs	convict	verb	eng
pogoditi	verb	hbs	hit	verb	eng
nuditi	verb	hbs	offer	verb	eng
sprovoditi	verb	hbs	carry out	verb	eng
šiti	verb	hbs	sew	verb	eng
kriti	verb	hbs	conceal	verb	eng
piti	verb	hbs	drink	verb	eng
izbiti	verb	hbs	beat	verb	eng
odbiti	verb	hbs	decline	verb	eng
pokriti	verb	hbs	cover	verb	eng
miti	verb	hbs	wash	verb	eng
gostiti	verb	hbs	feast	verb	eng
popustiti	verb	hbs	give in	verb	eng
otpustiti	verb	hbs	fire	verb	eng
napustiti	verb	hbs	abandon	verb	eng
izvijestiti	verb	hbs	inform	verb	eng
izvijestiti	verb	hbs	report	verb	eng
navijestiti	verb	hbs	announce	verb	eng
koristiti	verb	hbs	use	verb	eng
iskoristiti	verb	hbs	use	verb	eng
iskoristiti	verb	hbs	take advantage of	verb	eng
oprostiti	verb	hbs	forgive	verb	eng
oštetiti	verb	hbs	damage	verb	eng
vratiti	verb	hbs	bring back	verb	eng
vratiti	verb	hbs	give back	verb	eng
vratiti	verb	hbs	return	verb	eng
zaštititi	verb	hbs	defend	verb	eng
štititi	verb	hbs	defend	verb	eng
štetiti	verb	hbs	damage	verb	eng
štetiti	verb	hbs	harm	verb	eng
misliti	verb	hbs	think	verb	eng
nositi	verb	hbs	bear	verb	eng
nositi	verb	hbs	carry	verb	eng
nositi	verb	hbs	wear	verb	eng
unositi	verb	hbs	enter	verb	eng
prenositi	verb	hbs	carry	verb	eng
podnositi	verb	hbs	tolerate	verb	eng
pridonositi	verb	hbs	contribute	verb	eng
doprinositi	verb	hbs	contribute	verb	eng
donositi	verb	hbs	bring	verb	eng
iznositi	verb	hbs	take out	verb	eng
odnositi	verb	hbs	apply	verb	eng
odnositi	verb	hbs	take away	verb	eng
apsiti	verb	hbs	arrest	verb	eng
hapsiti	verb	hbs	arrest	verb	eng
resiti	verb	hbs	adorn	verb	eng
resiti	verb	hbs	decorate	verb	eng
uhapsiti	verb	hbs	arrest	verb	eng
uhapsiti	verb	hbs	bust	verb	eng
naglasiti	verb	hbs	emphasize	verb	eng
naglasiti	verb	hbs	stress	verb	eng
proglasiti	verb	hbs	declare	verb	eng
dodijeliti	verb	hbs	allocate	verb	eng
opredijeliti	verb	hbs	appropriate	verb	eng
opredijeliti	verb	hbs	decide	verb	eng
kupiti	verb	hbs	buy	verb	eng
začepiti	verb	hbs	block	verb	eng
zaboraviti	verb	hbs	forget	verb	eng
užlijebiti	verb	hbs	groove	verb	eng
izgubiti	verb	hbs	lose	verb	eng
pokupiti	verb	hbs	collect	verb	eng
sastaviti	verb	hbs	assemble	verb	eng
ploviti	verb	hbs	sail	verb	eng
loviti	verb	hbs	hunt	verb	eng
uspostaviti	verb	hbs	establish	verb	eng
okriviti	verb	hbs	accuse	verb	eng
najaviti	verb	hbs	announce	verb	eng
dostaviti	verb	hbs	deliver	verb	eng
ponoviti	verb	hbs	repeat	verb	eng
proslaviti	verb	hbs	celebrate	verb	eng
ugroziti	verb	hbs	endanger	verb	eng
voziti	verb	hbs	drive	verb	eng
prevoziti	verb	hbs	drive	verb	eng
prevoziti	verb	hbs	transport	verb	eng
pronalaziti	verb	hbs	find	verb	eng
polaziti	verb	hbs	attend	verb	eng
žaliti	verb	hbs	mourn	verb	eng
žaliti	verb	hbs	regret	verb	eng
sučeliti	verb	hbs	face	verb	eng
zamijeniti	verb	hbs	substitute	verb	eng
zaplijeniti	verb	hbs	impound	verb	eng
zaplijeniti	verb	hbs	seize	verb	eng
izmijeniti	verb	hbs	alter	verb	eng
izmijeniti	verb	hbs	change	verb	eng
objasniti	verb	hbs	explain	verb	eng
odstraniti	verb	hbs	remove	verb	eng
procijeniti	verb	hbs	appraise	verb	eng
procijeniti	verb	hbs	calculate	verb	eng
smijeniti	verb	hbs	relieve	verb	eng
smijeniti	verb	hbs	replace	verb	eng
počiniti	verb	hbs	commit	verb	eng
baciti	verb	hbs	cast	verb	eng
baciti	verb	hbs	throw	verb	eng
izbaciti	verb	hbs	eject	verb	eng
izbaciti	verb	hbs	expel	verb	eng
izbaciti	verb	hbs	throw out	verb	eng
zbaciti	verb	hbs	throw off	verb	eng
odbaciti	verb	hbs	discard	verb	eng
odbaciti	verb	hbs	throw away	verb	eng
pripremiti	verb	hbs	prepare	verb	eng
primiti	verb	hbs	receive	verb	eng
uništiti	verb	hbs	destroy	verb	eng
udariti	verb	hbs	hit	verb	eng
prouzročiti	verb	hbs	cause	verb	eng
suočiti	verb	hbs	confront	verb	eng
plašiti	verb	hbs	frighten	verb	eng
plašiti	verb	hbs	spook	verb	eng
usvojiti	verb	hbs	adopt	verb	eng
tražiti	verb	hbs	look for	verb	eng
tražiti	verb	hbs	search	verb	eng
vršiti	verb	hbs	administer	verb	eng
vršiti	verb	hbs	do	verb	eng
produžiti	verb	hbs	extend	verb	eng
produžiti	verb	hbs	lengthen	verb	eng
prekršiti	verb	hbs	break	verb	eng
prekršiti	verb	hbs	infringe	verb	eng
pridružiti	verb	hbs	annex	verb	eng
pridružiti	verb	hbs	join	verb	eng
učiti	verb	hbs	educate	verb	eng
učiti	verb	hbs	study	verb	eng
odlučiti	verb	hbs	decide	verb	eng
uključiti	verb	hbs	activate	verb	eng
uključiti	verb	hbs	include	verb	eng
izvršiti	verb	hbs	commit	verb	eng
izvršiti	verb	hbs	execute	verb	eng
izvršiti	verb	hbs	perform	verb	eng
nasmiješiti	verb	hbs	smile	verb	eng
omogućiti	verb	hbs	allow	verb	eng
odobriti	verb	hbs	allow	verb	eng
priključiti	verb	hbs	annex	verb	eng
priključiti	verb	hbs	join	verb	eng
provjeriti	verb	hbs	check	verb	eng
proširiti	verb	hbs	expand	verb	eng
proširiti	verb	hbs	exstend	verb	eng
spriječiti	verb	hbs	stop	verb	eng
uvjeriti	verb	hbs	assure	verb	eng
uvjeriti	verb	hbs	convince	verb	eng
uvjeriti	verb	hbs	persuade	verb	eng
poništiti	verb	hbs	cancel	verb	eng
saopštiti	verb	hbs	inform	verb	eng
tištiti	verb	hbs	ail	verb	eng
povlačiti	verb	hbs	pull	verb	eng
kipjeti	verb	hbs	boil	verb	eng
doživjeti	verb	hbs	experience	verb	eng
preživjeti	verb	hbs	survive	verb	eng
oćutjeti	verb	hbs	feel	verb	eng
letjeti	verb	hbs	fly	verb	eng
zavidjeti	verb	hbs	envy	verb	eng
uzletjeti	verb	hbs	take off	verb	eng
sletjeti	verb	hbs	land	verb	eng
poletjeti	verb	hbs	fly	verb	eng
predvidjeti	verb	hbs	predict	verb	eng
smrdjeti	verb	hbs	reek	verb	eng
smrdjeti	verb	hbs	smell	verb	eng
previdjeti	verb	hbs	overlook	verb	eng
vrtjeti	verb	hbs	spin	verb	eng
razumjeti	verb	hbs	apprehend	verb	eng
razumjeti	verb	hbs	understand	verb	eng
smjeti	verb	hbs	be allowed to	verb	eng
odnijeti	verb	hbs	take away	verb	eng
odnijeti	verb	hbs	take	verb	eng
pridonijeti	verb	hbs	contribute	verb	eng
iznijeti	verb	hbs	take out	verb	eng
podnijeti	verb	hbs	bear	verb	eng
podnijeti	verb	hbs	stand	verb	eng
prenijeti	verb	hbs	convey	verb	eng
prenijeti	verb	hbs	transfer	verb	eng
prenijeti	verb	hbs	transmit	verb	eng
čuti	verb	hbs	hear	verb	eng
začuti	verb	hbs	hear	verb	eng
kimnuti	verb	hbs	nod	verb	eng
krenuti	verb	hbs	set out	verb	eng
krenuti	verb	hbs	start	verb	eng
skrenuti	verb	hbs	avert	verb	eng
skrenuti	verb	hbs	turn	verb	eng
ukinuti	verb	hbs	abolish	verb	eng
poginuti	verb	hbs	die	verb	eng
počinuti	verb	hbs	rest	verb	eng
obrnuti	verb	hbs	reverse	verb	eng
obrnuti	verb	hbs	switch	verb	eng
prekinuti	verb	hbs	abort	verb	eng
prekinuti	verb	hbs	stop	verb	eng
opomenuti	verb	hbs	warn	verb	eng
jesti	verb	hbs	eat	verb	eng
navesti	verb	hbs	cite	verb	eng
navesti	verb	hbs	persuade	verb	eng
sprovesti	verb	hbs	conduct	verb	eng
sprovesti	verb	hbs	carry out	verb	eng
izvesti	verb	hbs	perform	verb	eng
dovesti	verb	hbs	bring	verb	eng
provesti	verb	hbs	conduct	verb	eng
provesti	verb	hbs	carry out	verb	eng
napasti	verb	hbs	attack	verb	eng
sjesti	verb	hbs	sit	verb	eng
posjesti	verb	hbs	seat	verb	eng
opsjesti	verb	hbs	besiege	verb	eng
opsjesti	verb	hbs	obsess	verb	eng
odsjesti	verb	hbs	stay	verb	eng
prisjesti	verb	hbs	sit	verb	eng
prisjesti	verb	hbs	be sick and tired	verb	eng
pasti	verb	hbs	fall	verb	eng
spasti	verb	hbs	fall down	verb	eng
upasti	verb	hbs	crash	verb	eng
upasti	verb	hbs	fall into	verb	eng
dopasti	verb	hbs	like	verb	eng
zapasti	verb	hbs	set	verb	eng
zapasti	verb	hbs	devolve	verb	eng
ispasti	verb	hbs	fall out	verb	eng
otpasti	verb	hbs	fall off	verb	eng
pripasti	verb	hbs	devolve	verb	eng
propasti	verb	hbs	collapse	verb	eng
propasti	verb	hbs	fall through	verb	eng
raspasti	verb	hbs	crumble	verb	eng
sresti	verb	hbs	meet	verb	eng
presresti	verb	hbs	intercept	verb	eng
sučeljavati	verb	hbs	face	verb	eng
zadržavati	verb	hbs	hold off	verb	eng
zapošljavati	verb	hbs	employ	verb	eng
ugrožavati	verb	hbs	endanger	verb	eng
uvećavati	verb	hbs	boost	verb	eng
izbjegavati	verb	hbs	avoid	verb	eng
iskorištavati	verb	hbs	abuse	verb	eng
iskorištavati	verb	hbs	take advantage of	verb	eng
izvještavati	verb	hbs	report	verb	eng
izražavati	verb	hbs	express	verb	eng
ispunjavati	verb	hbs	carry out	verb	eng
objedinjavati	verb	hbs	combine	verb	eng
objašnjavati	verb	hbs	explain	verb	eng
sputavati	verb	hbs	bind	verb	eng
ograničavati	verb	hbs	limit	verb	eng
odobravati	verb	hbs	grant	verb	eng
olakšavati	verb	hbs	facilitate	verb	eng
osiguravati	verb	hbs	provide	verb	eng
poražavati	verb	hbs	defeat	verb	eng
predavati	verb	hbs	lecture	verb	eng
upozoravati	verb	hbs	warn	verb	eng
približavati	verb	hbs	approach	verb	eng
priznavati	verb	hbs	admit	verb	eng
razgledavati	verb	hbs	inspect	verb	eng
razgledavati	verb	hbs	sightsee	verb	eng
razaznavati	verb	hbs	distinguish	verb	eng
oglašavati	verb	hbs	advertise	verb	eng
sačinjavati	verb	hbs	constitute	verb	eng
sprečavati	verb	hbs	prevent	verb	eng
uvjeravati	verb	hbs	assure	verb	eng
uništavati	verb	hbs	destroy	verb	eng
spavati	verb	hbs	sleep	verb	eng
izučavati	verb	hbs	study	verb	eng
iseljavati	verb	hbs	emigrate	verb	eng
kažnjavati	verb	hbs	punish	verb	eng
obučavati	verb	hbs	train	verb	eng
oživljavati	verb	hbs	reanimate	verb	eng
spašavati	verb	hbs	rescue	verb	eng
spasavati	verb	hbs	rescue	verb	eng
povjeravati	verb	hbs	confide	verb	eng
dovršavati	verb	hbs	finish	verb	eng
doživljavati	verb	hbs	experience	verb	eng
zaživljavati	verb	hbs	take off	verb	eng
zakopavati	verb	hbs	bury	verb	eng
porobljavati	verb	hbs	enslave	verb	eng
zbližavati	verb	hbs	grow close	verb	eng
izvinjavati	verb	hbs	apologise	verb	eng
ispričavati	verb	hbs	apologise	verb	eng
izdržavati	verb	hbs	endure	verb	eng
izdržavati	verb	hbs	provide for	verb	eng
iskopavati	verb	hbs	dig out	verb	eng
iscrtavati	verb	hbs	outline	verb	eng
narušavati	verb	hbs	disturb	verb	eng
naseljavati	verb	hbs	populate	verb	eng
održavati	verb	hbs	maintain	verb	eng
odležavati	verb	hbs	age	verb	eng
odražavati	verb	hbs	mirror	verb	eng
odražavati	verb	hbs	reflect	verb	eng
ozvučavati	verb	hbs	wire	verb	eng
označavati	verb	hbs	mark	verb	eng
osporavati	verb	hbs	deny	verb	eng
otežavati	verb	hbs	complicate	verb	eng
podučavati	verb	hbs	teach	verb	eng
podučavati	verb	hbs	tutor	verb	eng
ponižavati	verb	hbs	humiliate	verb	eng
raseljavati	verb	hbs	depopulate	verb	eng
sužavati	verb	hbs	narrow	verb	eng
ukrašavati	verb	hbs	adorn	verb	eng
ukrašavati	verb	hbs	embellish	verb	eng
uzdržavati	verb	hbs	sustain	verb	eng
naoružavati	verb	hbs	arm	verb	eng
izobražavati	verb	hbs	educate	verb	eng
naobražavati	verb	hbs	educate	verb	eng
zabrinjavati	verb	hbs	worry	verb	eng
kasniti	verb	hbs	be late	verb	eng
zakašnjavati	verb	hbs	run late	verb	eng
zamišljavati	verb	hbs	imagine	verb	eng
zaoštravati	verb	hbs	tense	verb	eng
zatopljavati	verb	hbs	warm	verb	eng
izjašnjavati	verb	hbs	state	verb	eng
iskrivljavati	verb	hbs	bend	verb	eng
iskrivljavati	verb	hbs	skew	verb	eng
isplivavati	verb	hbs	surface	verb	eng
isprobavati	verb	hbs	try	verb	eng
ispucavati	verb	hbs	shoot	verb	eng
iščezavati	verb	hbs	fade	verb	eng
iščezavati	verb	hbs	disappear	verb	eng
iščezavati	verb	hbs	vanish	verb	eng
navodnjavati	verb	hbs	irrigate	verb	eng
opravdavati	verb	hbs	justify	verb	eng
poništavati	verb	hbs	nullify	verb	eng
poništavati	verb	hbs	void	verb	eng
popunjavati	verb	hbs	fill	verb	eng
potkopavati	verb	hbs	undermine	verb	eng
pojašnjavati	verb	hbs	explain	verb	eng
preživljavati	verb	hbs	survive	verb	eng
prekoravati	verb	hbs	reprehend	verb	eng
preseljavati	verb	hbs	move	verb	eng
svršavati	verb	hbs	come	verb	eng
svršavati	verb	hbs	finish	verb	eng
pridržavati	verb	hbs	adhere	verb	eng
pridržavati	verb	hbs	stick to	verb	eng
pričinjavati	verb	hbs	appear	verb	eng
provjeravati	verb	hbs	check	verb	eng
saslušavati	verb	hbs	hear	verb	eng
zadovoljavati	verb	hbs	please	verb	eng
izobličavati	verb	hbs	deform	verb	eng
ispražnjavati	verb	hbs	empty	verb	eng
pregledavati	verb	hbs	examine	verb	eng
pregledavati	verb	hbs	go through	verb	eng
pribjegavati	verb	hbs	resort to	verb	eng
pročišćavati	verb	hbs	cleanse	verb	eng
pročišćavati	verb	hbs	filter	verb	eng
razoružavati	verb	hbs	disarm	verb	eng
razočaravati	verb	hbs	disappoint	verb	eng
uljepšavati	verb	hbs	adorn	verb	eng
uljepšavati	verb	hbs	beautify	verb	eng
razjašnjavati	verb	hbs	explain	verb	eng
raščišćavati	verb	hbs	clear	verb	eng
upotrebljavati	verb	hbs	use	verb	eng
uznemiravati	verb	hbs	agitate	verb	eng
uznemiravati	verb	hbs	bother	verb	eng
uznemiravati	verb	hbs	disturb	verb	eng
oduševljavati	verb	hbs	delight	verb	eng
prevladavati	verb	hbs	predominate	verb	eng
prilagođavati	verb	hbs	adjust	verb	eng
onemogućavati	verb	hbs	disable	verb	eng
onemogućavati	verb	hbs	prevent	verb	eng
preuveličavati	verb	hbs	exaggerate	verb	eng
razvrstavati	verb	hbs	sort	verb	eng
svrstavati	verb	hbs	sort	verb	eng
zadavati	verb	hbs	inflict	verb	eng
odavati	verb	hbs	betray	verb	eng
odavati	verb	hbs	reveal	verb	eng
pridodavati	verb	hbs	add	verb	eng
pridavati	verb	hbs	give	verb	eng
nadodavati	verb	hbs	add	verb	eng
prodavati	verb	hbs	sell	verb	eng
razdavati	verb	hbs	give out	verb	eng
preprodavati	verb	hbs	resell	verb	eng
poznavati	verb	hbs	know	verb	eng
raspoznavati	verb	hbs	discern	verb	eng
prepričavati	verb	hbs	recount	verb	eng
preobražavati	verb	hbs	morph	verb	eng
prenaglašavati	verb	hbs	exaggerate	verb	eng
probavati	verb	hbs	try	verb	eng
ojačavati	verb	hbs	strengthen	verb	eng
obilježavati	verb	hbs	mark	verb	eng
prevaljivati	verb	hbs	tip over	verb	eng
potpisivati	verb	hbs	sign	verb	eng
omogućivati	verb	hbs	enable	verb	eng
omogućivati	verb	hbs	facilitate	verb	eng
dokazivati	verb	hbs	prove	verb	eng
zabranjivati	verb	hbs	forbid	verb	eng
zaključivati	verb	hbs	conclude	verb	eng
zaštićivati	verb	hbs	protect	verb	eng
zaštićivati	verb	hbs	secure	verb	eng
izgrađivati	verb	hbs	build	verb	eng
iskazivati	verb	hbs	prove	verb	eng
istraživati	verb	hbs	investigate	verb	eng
ispitivati	verb	hbs	analyse	verb	eng
ispitivati	verb	hbs	interrogate	verb	eng
upućivati	verb	hbs	point	verb	eng
nadmašivati	verb	hbs	outdo	verb	eng
poručivati	verb	hbs	tell	verb	eng
opisivati	verb	hbs	describe	verb	eng
osuđivati	verb	hbs	condemn	verb	eng
osuđivati	verb	hbs	convict	verb	eng
osuđivati	verb	hbs	sentence	verb	eng
odstranjivati	verb	hbs	remove	verb	eng
ohrabrivati	verb	hbs	encourage	verb	eng
pobjeđivati	verb	hbs	defeat	verb	eng
pobjeđivati	verb	hbs	win	verb	eng
povikivati	verb	hbs	shout	verb	eng
unapređivati	verb	hbs	upgrade	verb	eng
pokrivati	verb	hbs	cover	verb	eng
zaprečivati	verb	hbs	obstruct	verb	eng
posjećivati	verb	hbs	visit	verb	eng
utvrđivati	verb	hbs	affirm	verb	eng
utvrđivati	verb	hbs	ascertain	verb	eng
utvrđivati	verb	hbs	determine	verb	eng
izazivati	verb	hbs	cause	verb	eng
izazivati	verb	hbs	tease	verb	eng
preporučivati	verb	hbs	recommend	verb	eng
presuđivati	verb	hbs	decide	verb	eng
pridruživati	verb	hbs	join	verb	eng
procjenjivati	verb	hbs	estimate	verb	eng
proširivati	verb	hbs	expand	verb	eng
proširivati	verb	hbs	spread	verb	eng
raspoređivati	verb	hbs	arrange	verb	eng
uhićivati	verb	hbs	arrest	verb	eng
ubeđivati	verb	hbs	secure	verb	eng
ubjeđivati	verb	hbs	secure	verb	eng
sarađivati	verb	hbs	collaborate	verb	eng
sarađivati	verb	hbs	cooperate	verb	eng
surađivati	verb	hbs	collaborate	verb	eng
surađivati	verb	hbs	cooperate	verb	eng
izbivati	verb	hbs	be absent	verb	eng
pojavljivati	verb	hbs	appear	verb	eng
uživati	verb	hbs	bask	verb	eng
uživati	verb	hbs	enjoy	verb	eng
zahvaljivati	verb	hbs	thank	verb	eng
počivati	verb	hbs	rest	verb	eng
snivati	verb	hbs	dream	verb	eng
uperivati	verb	hbs	point	verb	eng
upisivati	verb	hbs	enrol	verb	eng
urezivati	verb	hbs	carve	verb	eng
ocjenjivati	verb	hbs	grade	verb	eng
sazivati	verb	hbs	call	verb	eng
smirivati	verb	hbs	calm	verb	eng
umirivati	verb	hbs	calm	verb	eng
umirivati	verb	hbs	soothe	verb	eng
ucjenjivati	verb	hbs	blackmail	verb	eng
zagađivati	verb	hbs	pollute	verb	eng
zakazivati	verb	hbs	fail	verb	eng
zaražati	verb	hbs	infect	verb	eng
zaraživati	verb	hbs	infect	verb	eng
združivati	verb	hbs	join	verb	eng
iziskivati	verb	hbs	necessitate	verb	eng
iziskivati	verb	hbs	take	verb	eng
iznuđivati	verb	hbs	extort	verb	eng
iščekivati	verb	hbs	await	verb	eng
iščekivati	verb	hbs	wait	verb	eng
namjenjivati	verb	hbs	designate	verb	eng
nazivati	verb	hbs	name	verb	eng
ograđivati	verb	hbs	enclose	verb	eng
određivati	verb	hbs	designate	verb	eng
određivati	verb	hbs	determine	verb	eng
oplakivati	verb	hbs	mourn	verb	eng
otpisivati	verb	hbs	discard	verb	eng
oštećivati	verb	hbs	damage	verb	eng
potraživati	verb	hbs	claim	verb	eng
pogubljivati	verb	hbs	execute	verb	eng
darivati	verb	hbs	gift	verb	eng
podarivati	verb	hbs	gift	verb	eng
popisivati	verb	hbs	write down	verb	eng
popisivati	verb	hbs	list	verb	eng
skraćivati	verb	hbs	shorten	verb	eng
zaduživati	verb	hbs	indebt	verb	eng
zaleđivati	verb	hbs	freeze	verb	eng
zasluživati	verb	hbs	deserve	verb	eng
istiskivati	verb	hbs	push out	verb	eng
istiskivati	verb	hbs	squeeze	verb	eng
isključivati	verb	hbs	exclude	verb	eng
isključivati	verb	hbs	rule out	verb	eng
isključivati	verb	hbs	turn off	verb	eng
okrunjivati	verb	hbs	crown	verb	eng
nagrađivati	verb	hbs	award	verb	eng
nasljeđivati	verb	hbs	inherit	verb	eng
oporezivati	verb	hbs	tax	verb	eng
oduživati	verb	hbs	repay	verb	eng
opsluživati	verb	hbs	service	verb	eng
opsluživati	verb	hbs	tend	verb	eng
ostvarivati	verb	hbs	achieve	verb	eng
odsluživati	verb	hbs	serve	verb	eng
povređivati	verb	hbs	hurt	verb	eng
podređivati	verb	hbs	subordinate	verb	eng
posvećivati	verb	hbs	consecrate	verb	eng
posvećivati	verb	hbs	dedicate	verb	eng
posvećivati	verb	hbs	devote	verb	eng
posluživati	verb	hbs	serve	verb	eng
podrivati	verb	hbs	undermine	verb	eng
potpaljivati	verb	hbs	set fire	verb	eng
podcjenjivati	verb	hbs	underestimate	verb	eng
prepisivati	verb	hbs	copy	verb	eng
presušivati	verb	hbs	dry up	verb	eng
presušivati	verb	hbs	run dry	verb	eng
prebacivati	verb	hbs	switch	verb	eng
prebacivati	verb	hbs	transfer	verb	eng
prebacivati	verb	hbs	tumble	verb	eng
prikazivati	verb	hbs	display	verb	eng
prikazivati	verb	hbs	show	verb	eng
prinuđivati	verb	hbs	coerce	verb	eng
prinuđivati	verb	hbs	force	verb	eng
pripisivati	verb	hbs	attribute	verb	eng
pripisivati	verb	hbs	credit	verb	eng
prijavljivati	verb	hbs	apply	verb	eng
propisivati	verb	hbs	prescribe	verb	eng
procurivati	verb	hbs	leak	verb	eng
razgarati	verb	hbs	kindle	verb	eng
razgorivati	verb	hbs	kindle	verb	eng
razmjenjivati	verb	hbs	exchange	verb	eng
raspisivati	verb	hbs	offer	verb	eng
upoređivati	verb	hbs	compare	verb	eng
uspoređivati	verb	hbs	compare	verb	eng
zabilježivati	verb	hbs	record	verb	eng
zabilježivati	verb	hbs	write down	verb	eng
zanemarivati	verb	hbs	ignore	verb	eng
zanemarivati	verb	hbs	neglect	verb	eng
zarađivati	verb	hbs	earn	verb	eng
zarađivati	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
privređivati	verb	hbs	earn	verb	eng
učvršćivati	verb	hbs	strengthen	verb	eng
iznenađivati	verb	hbs	surprise	verb	eng
obrađivati	verb	hbs	cover	verb	eng
obrađivati	verb	hbs	cultivate	verb	eng
obrađivati	verb	hbs	process	verb	eng
opozivati	verb	hbs	call off	verb	eng
opozivati	verb	hbs	revoke	verb	eng
pomlađivati	verb	hbs	rejuvenate	verb	eng
pothranjivati	verb	hbs	starve	verb	eng
zgotovljivati	verb	hbs	finish	verb	eng
prizemljivati	verb	hbs	land	verb	eng
priključivati	verb	hbs	connect	verb	eng
prisluškivati	verb	hbs	eavesdrop	verb	eng
obeštećivati	verb	hbs	refund	verb	eng
preuređivati	verb	hbs	redecorate	verb	eng
preispitivati	verb	hbs	question	verb	eng
preispitivati	verb	hbs	reassess	verb	eng
preispitivati	verb	hbs	reexamine	verb	eng
prerađivati	verb	hbs	process	verb	eng
razotkrivati	verb	hbs	uncover	verb	eng
razotkrivati	verb	hbs	unveil	verb	eng
razrađivati	verb	hbs	develop	verb	eng
razrađivati	verb	hbs	elaborate	verb	eng
razrađivati	verb	hbs	work on	verb	eng
raspoloživati	verb	hbs	cheer up	verb	eng
rasterećivati	verb	hbs	unburden	verb	eng
rasterećivati	verb	hbs	unload	verb	eng
doplaćivati	verb	hbs	pay	verb	eng
isplaćivati	verb	hbs	pay out	verb	eng
otplaćivati	verb	hbs	pay off	verb	eng
naplaćivati	verb	hbs	bill	verb	eng
naplaćivati	verb	hbs	charge	verb	eng
dopisivati	verb	hbs	correspond	verb	eng
dočekivati	verb	hbs	meet	verb	eng
dočekivati	verb	hbs	welcome	verb	eng
otpočivati	verb	hbs	rest	verb	eng
predskazivati	verb	hbs	predict	verb	eng
šivati	verb	hbs	sew	verb	eng
osnaživati	verb	hbs	empower	verb	eng
kazivati	verb	hbs	say	verb	eng
izmučivati	verb	hbs	torture	verb	eng
ushićivati	verb	hbs	delight	verb	eng
diskutovati	verb	hbs	discuss	verb	eng
kritikovati	verb	hbs	criticize	verb	eng
kupovati	verb	hbs	buy	verb	eng
naimenovati	verb	hbs	appoint	verb	eng
naimenovati	verb	hbs	name	verb	eng
imenovati	verb	hbs	appoint	verb	eng
imenovati	verb	hbs	name	verb	eng
organizovati	verb	hbs	organise	verb	eng
posjedovati	verb	hbs	possess	verb	eng
poštovati	verb	hbs	respect	verb	eng
štovati	verb	hbs	worship	verb	eng
učestvovati	verb	hbs	take part	verb	eng
učestvovati	verb	hbs	partake	verb	eng
sudjelovati	verb	hbs	engage	verb	eng
sudjelovati	verb	hbs	participate	verb	eng
djelovati	verb	hbs	act	verb	eng
djelovati	verb	hbs	work	verb	eng
dejstvovati	verb	hbs	act	verb	eng
prisustvovati	verb	hbs	attend	verb	eng
poslovati	verb	hbs	operate	verb	eng
ratovati	verb	hbs	war	verb	eng
mirovati	verb	hbs	rest	verb	eng
njegovati	verb	hbs	care	verb	eng
njegovati	verb	hbs	nurse	verb	eng
rukovati	verb	hbs	handle	verb	eng
rukovati	verb	hbs	shake hands	verb	eng
silovati	verb	hbs	rape	verb	eng
tugovati	verb	hbs	grieve	verb	eng
tugovati	verb	hbs	mourn	verb	eng
trgovati	verb	hbs	trade	verb	eng
gladovati	verb	hbs	starve	verb	eng
žrtvovati	verb	hbs	sacrifice	verb	eng
nominovati	verb	hbs	nominate	verb	eng
linčovati	verb	hbs	lynch	verb	eng
školovati	verb	hbs	educate	verb	eng
školovati	verb	hbs	school	verb	eng
bolovati	verb	hbs	suffer	verb	eng
nazadovati	verb	hbs	deteriorate	verb	eng
nazadovati	verb	hbs	regress	verb	eng
negodovati	verb	hbs	protest	verb	eng
oblikovati	verb	hbs	design	verb	eng
oblikovati	verb	hbs	shape	verb	eng
obrazovati	verb	hbs	educate	verb	eng
odlikovati	verb	hbs	honour	verb	eng
pomilovati	verb	hbs	amnesty	verb	eng
rizikovati	verb	hbs	risk	verb	eng
savjetovati	verb	hbs	advise	verb	eng
savjetovati	verb	hbs	consult	verb	eng
savjetovati	verb	hbs	counsel	verb	eng
strahovati	verb	hbs	apprehend	verb	eng
strahovati	verb	hbs	fear	verb	eng
napredovati	verb	hbs	advance	verb	eng
razlikovati	verb	hbs	differentiate	verb	eng
razlikovati	verb	hbs	differ	verb	eng
čuvstvovati	verb	hbs	feel	verb	eng
štrajkovati	verb	hbs	be on strike	verb	eng
posredovati	verb	hbs	mediate	verb	eng
posavjetovati	verb	hbs	counsel	verb	eng
preimenovati	verb	hbs	rename	verb	eng
gazdovati	verb	hbs	boss	verb	eng
šefovati	verb	hbs	boss	verb	eng
falsifikovati	verb	hbs	forge	verb	eng
nakupovati	verb	hbs	buy	verb	eng
povjerovati	verb	hbs	believe	verb	eng
glasati	verb	hbs	vote	verb	eng
definisati	verb	hbs	define	verb	eng
potresati	verb	hbs	shake	verb	eng
zapisati	verb	hbs	write down	verb	eng
krunisati	verb	hbs	crown	verb	eng
kruniti	verb	hbs	crown	verb	eng
okruniti	verb	hbs	crown	verb	eng
zatalasati	verb	hbs	stir	verb	eng
otključati	verb	hbs	unlock	verb	eng
dopisati	verb	hbs	add	verb	eng
napisati	verb	hbs	write	verb	eng
popisati	verb	hbs	list	verb	eng
propisati	verb	hbs	prescribe	verb	eng
regulisati	verb	hbs	regulate	verb	eng
izglasati	verb	hbs	vote	verb	eng
koordinisati	verb	hbs	coordinate	verb	eng
udisati	verb	hbs	breathe in	verb	eng
opisati	verb	hbs	describe	verb	eng
skresati	verb	hbs	prune	verb	eng
ubrzati	verb	hbs	accelerate	verb	eng
dostizati	verb	hbs	catch up	verb	eng
stizati	verb	hbs	arrive	verb	eng
postizati	verb	hbs	achieve	verb	eng
dokazati	verb	hbs	prove	verb	eng
iskazati	verb	hbs	prove	verb	eng
pokazati	verb	hbs	show	verb	eng
ukazati	verb	hbs	point	verb	eng
otkazati	verb	hbs	cancel	verb	eng
vezati	verb	hbs	attach	verb	eng
vezati	verb	hbs	tie	verb	eng
zavezati	verb	hbs	attach	verb	eng
zavezati	verb	hbs	tie	verb	eng
obavezati	verb	hbs	bind	verb	eng
podizati	verb	hbs	elevate	verb	eng
podizati	verb	hbs	boost	verb	eng
podizati	verb	hbs	lift	verb	eng
zatezati	verb	hbs	stretch	verb	eng
izdizati	verb	hbs	rise	verb	eng
zakazati	verb	hbs	fail	verb	eng
zakazati	verb	hbs	schedule	verb	eng
švercati	verb	hbs	smuggle	verb	eng
micati	verb	hbs	move	verb	eng
skakati	verb	hbs	jump	verb	eng
povikati	verb	hbs	cry out	verb	eng
povikati	verb	hbs	shout	verb	eng
povikati	verb	hbs	yell	verb	eng
istjecati	verb	hbs	expire	verb	eng
istjecati	verb	hbs	leak	verb	eng
otjecati	verb	hbs	flow	verb	eng
protjecati	verb	hbs	flow	verb	eng
isticati	verb	hbs	highlight	verb	eng
poticati	verb	hbs	encourage	verb	eng
utjecati	verb	hbs	affect	verb	eng
utjecati	verb	hbs	influence	verb	eng
izricati	verb	hbs	impose	verb	eng
izricati	verb	hbs	predicate	verb	eng
odricati	verb	hbs	disown	verb	eng
odricati	verb	hbs	forgo	verb	eng
odricati	verb	hbs	stop	verb	eng
potjecati	verb	hbs	come	verb	eng
presijecati	verb	hbs	cross	verb	eng
presijecati	verb	hbs	transect	verb	eng
pomicati	verb	hbs	move	verb	eng
proistjecati	verb	hbs	come	verb	eng
proistjecati	verb	hbs	derive	verb	eng
blokirati	verb	hbs	block	verb	eng
iskrcati	verb	hbs	disembark	verb	eng
parkirati	verb	hbs	park	verb	eng
definirati	verb	hbs	define	verb	eng
ukrcati	verb	hbs	board	verb	eng
diskutirati	verb	hbs	discuss	verb	eng
dirati	verb	hbs	touch	verb	eng
eksplodirati	verb	hbs	explode	verb	eng
investirati	verb	hbs	invest	verb	eng
informirati	verb	hbs	brief	verb	eng
informirati	verb	hbs	inform	verb	eng
kandidirati	verb	hbs	candidate	verb	eng
kritizirati	verb	hbs	criticize	verb	eng
nadzirati	verb	hbs	supervise	verb	eng
organizirati	verb	hbs	arrange	verb	eng
organizirati	verb	hbs	organise	verb	eng
planirati	verb	hbs	plan	verb	eng
promovirati	verb	hbs	promote	verb	eng
rangirati	verb	hbs	rank	verb	eng
ratificirati	verb	hbs	ratify	verb	eng
financirati	verb	hbs	finance	verb	eng
financirati	verb	hbs	fund	verb	eng
fokusirati	verb	hbs	focus	verb	eng
funkcionirati	verb	hbs	function	verb	eng
funkcionirati	verb	hbs	work	verb	eng
citirati	verb	hbs	cite	verb	eng
inzistirati	verb	hbs	insist	verb	eng
protestirati	verb	hbs	protest	verb	eng
rezultirati	verb	hbs	result	verb	eng
formirati	verb	hbs	form	verb	eng
kompletirati	verb	hbs	complete	verb	eng
implementirati	verb	hbs	implement	verb	eng
interesirati	verb	hbs	interest	verb	eng
umirati	verb	hbs	die	verb	eng
obamirati	verb	hbs	die	verb	eng
obamirati	verb	hbs	die	verb	eng
emitirati	verb	hbs	broadcast	verb	eng
emitirati	verb	hbs	emit	verb	eng
emitirati	verb	hbs	transmit	verb	eng
nominirati	verb	hbs	nominate	verb	eng
riskirati	verb	hbs	risk	verb	eng
duplicirati	verb	hbs	duplicate	verb	eng
komandirati	verb	hbs	command	verb	eng
publicirati	verb	hbs	publicize	verb	eng
verificirati	verb	hbs	verify	verb	eng
komplicirati	verb	hbs	complicate	verb	eng
konfiscirati	verb	hbs	confiscate	verb	eng
modificirati	verb	hbs	modify	verb	eng
prakticirati	verb	hbs	practise	verb	eng
kvalificirati	verb	hbs	qualify	verb	eng
falsificirati	verb	hbs	forge	verb	eng
identificirati	verb	hbs	identify	verb	eng
diskvalificirati	verb	hbs	disqualify	verb	eng
deblokirati	verb	hbs	unblock	verb	eng
isplanirati	verb	hbs	plan	verb	eng
nadirati	verb	hbs	gush	verb	eng
nadirati	verb	hbs	invade	verb	eng
prodiskutirati	verb	hbs	discuss	verb	eng
dezinformirati	verb	hbs	misinform	verb	eng
reorganizirati	verb	hbs	reorganise	verb	eng
dezorganizirati	verb	hbs	disorganise	verb	eng
kontrolirati	verb	hbs	control	verb	eng
formulirati	verb	hbs	formulate	verb	eng
eliminirati	verb	hbs	eliminate	verb	eng
regulirati	verb	hbs	adjust	verb	eng
reformirati	verb	hbs	reform	verb	eng
koordinirati	verb	hbs	coordinate	verb	eng
bojkotirati	verb	hbs	boycott	verb	eng
dominirati	verb	hbs	dominate	verb	eng
datirati	verb	hbs	date	verb	eng
bazirati	verb	hbs	base	verb	eng
realizirati	verb	hbs	accomplish	verb	eng
apelirati	verb	hbs	appeal	verb	eng
aplicirati	verb	hbs	apply	verb	eng
izvirati	verb	hbs	originate	verb	eng
lobirati	verb	hbs	lobby	verb	eng
pričati	verb	hbs	talk	verb	eng
inicirati	verb	hbs	initiate	verb	eng
harmonizirati	verb	hbs	harmonize	verb	eng
potrčavati	verb	hbs	run	verb	eng
poželjeti	verb	hbs	wish	verb	eng
voljeti	verb	hbs	like	verb	eng
voljeti	verb	hbs	love	verb	eng
zavoljeti	verb	hbs	fall in love	verb	eng
potresti	verb	hbs	shake	verb	eng
zarasti	verb	hbs	heal	verb	eng
mesti	verb	hbs	swipe	verb	eng
dovoditi	verb	hbs	bring	verb	eng
navoditi	verb	hbs	state	verb	eng
predvoditi	verb	hbs	lead	verb	eng
dogoditi	verb	hbs	happen	verb	eng
narediti	verb	hbs	bid	verb	eng
narediti	verb	hbs	order	verb	eng
presuditi	verb	hbs	decide	verb	eng
potvrditi	verb	hbs	acknowledge	verb	eng
potvrditi	verb	hbs	confirm	verb	eng
svoditi	verb	hbs	bring down	verb	eng
izvoditi	verb	hbs	perform	verb	eng
izvoditi	verb	hbs	play	verb	eng
prevoditi	verb	hbs	translate	verb	eng
privoditi	verb	hbs	arrest	verb	eng
proizvoditi	verb	hbs	produce	verb	eng
kriviti	verb	hbs	blame	verb	eng
protiviti	verb	hbs	be against	verb	eng
prijaviti	verb	hbs	report	verb	eng
prijaviti	verb	hbs	apply	verb	eng
objaviti	verb	hbs	declare	verb	eng
objaviti	verb	hbs	proclaim	verb	eng
objaviti	verb	hbs	publish	verb	eng
objaviti	verb	hbs	reveal	verb	eng
pozdraviti	verb	hbs	greet	verb	eng
predstaviti	verb	hbs	present	verb	eng
postaviti	verb	hbs	lay	verb	eng
postaviti	verb	hbs	place	verb	eng
pojaviti	verb	hbs	appear	verb	eng
slaviti	verb	hbs	celebrate	verb	eng
zgotoviti	verb	hbs	finish	verb	eng
plaviti	verb	hbs	overflow	verb	eng
boraviti	verb	hbs	reside	verb	eng
boraviti	verb	hbs	stay	verb	eng
spraviti	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
ispraviti	verb	hbs	correct	verb	eng
ispraviti	verb	hbs	rectify	verb	eng
popraviti	verb	hbs	fix	verb	eng
otpraviti	verb	hbs	dispatch	verb	eng
prepraviti	verb	hbs	remake	verb	eng
pripraviti	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
raspraviti	verb	hbs	discuss	verb	eng
izostaviti	verb	hbs	leave out	verb	eng
pretpostaviti	verb	hbs	assume	verb	eng
staviti	verb	hbs	put	verb	eng
zabaviti	verb	hbs	entertain	verb	eng
zabaviti	verb	hbs	have fun	verb	eng
praviti	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
nastupiti	verb	hbs	appear	verb	eng
nastupiti	verb	hbs	perform	verb	eng
pristupiti	verb	hbs	approach	verb	eng
stupiti	verb	hbs	march	verb	eng
nakupiti	verb	hbs	accumulate	verb	eng
zakupiti	verb	hbs	rent	verb	eng
iskupiti	verb	hbs	redeem	verb	eng
otkupiti	verb	hbs	redeem	verb	eng
zastupiti	verb	hbs	represent	verb	eng
odstupiti	verb	hbs	deviate	verb	eng
postupiti	verb	hbs	act	verb	eng
postupiti	verb	hbs	handle	verb	eng
potkupiti	verb	hbs	bribe	verb	eng
prilaziti	verb	hbs	approach	verb	eng
ulaziti	verb	hbs	enter	verb	eng
izlaziti	verb	hbs	exit	verb	eng
proizlaziti	verb	hbs	arise	verb	eng
prolaziti	verb	hbs	pass	verb	eng
uvoziti	verb	hbs	import	verb	eng
izvoziti	verb	hbs	export	verb	eng
obilaziti	verb	hbs	bypass	verb	eng
obilaziti	verb	hbs	circle	verb	eng
zaobilaziti	verb	hbs	bypass	verb	eng
sniziti	verb	hbs	lower	verb	eng
plijeniti	verb	hbs	seize	verb	eng
objelodaniti	verb	hbs	reveal	verb	eng
upotpuniti	verb	hbs	complete	verb	eng
činiti	verb	hbs	act	verb	eng
činiti	verb	hbs	do	verb	eng
promijeniti	verb	hbs	alter	verb	eng
objediniti	verb	hbs	consolidate	verb	eng
braniti	verb	hbs	advocate	verb	eng
braniti	verb	hbs	defend	verb	eng
buniti	verb	hbs	rebel	verb	eng
baštiniti	verb	hbs	inherit	verb	eng
progoniti	verb	hbs	persecute	verb	eng
progoniti	verb	hbs	pursuit	verb	eng
prazniti	verb	hbs	empty	verb	eng
kazniti	verb	hbs	punish	verb	eng
izjasniti	verb	hbs	state	verb	eng
raniti	verb	hbs	hurt	verb	eng
lomiti	verb	hbs	break	verb	eng
pobratimiti	verb	hbs	fraternize	verb	eng
priskrbiti	verb	hbs	accumulate	verb	eng
zgrabiti	verb	hbs	grab	verb	eng
ubiti	verb	hbs	assassinate	verb	eng
ubiti	verb	hbs	kill	verb	eng
ubiti	verb	hbs	murder	verb	eng
teretiti	verb	hbs	charge	verb	eng
prijetiti	verb	hbs	threaten	verb	eng
platiti	verb	hbs	pay	verb	eng
prihvatiti	verb	hbs	accept	verb	eng
obratiti	verb	hbs	convert	verb	eng
osujetiti	verb	hbs	thwart	verb	eng
osjetiti	verb	hbs	feel	verb	eng
uzvratiti	verb	hbs	counter	verb	eng
svaliti	verb	hbs	lay	verb	eng
svaliti	verb	hbs	topple	verb	eng
zahvaliti	verb	hbs	thank	verb	eng
pohvaliti	verb	hbs	commend	verb	eng
podijeliti	verb	hbs	give out	verb	eng
odijeliti	verb	hbs	separate	verb	eng
razdijeliti	verb	hbs	divide	verb	eng
dozvoliti	verb	hbs	allow	verb	eng
poručiti	verb	hbs	tell	verb	eng
ubilježiti	verb	hbs	record	verb	eng
zabilježiti	verb	hbs	record	verb	eng
kršiti	verb	hbs	break	verb	eng
zatražiti	verb	hbs	ask	verb	eng
potražiti	verb	hbs	seek out	verb	eng
preporučiti	verb	hbs	recommend	verb	eng
nadmašiti	verb	hbs	exceed	verb	eng
nadmašiti	verb	hbs	outdo	verb	eng
boriti	verb	hbs	fight	verb	eng
služiti	verb	hbs	serve	verb	eng
značiti	verb	hbs	mean	verb	eng
važiti	verb	hbs	apply	verb	eng
važiti	verb	hbs	be valid	verb	eng
produljiti	verb	hbs	extend	verb	eng
naznačiti	verb	hbs	mark	verb	eng
ohrabriti	verb	hbs	encourage	verb	eng
završiti	verb	hbs	end	verb	eng
zatvoriti	verb	hbs	arrest	verb	eng
zatvoriti	verb	hbs	close	verb	eng
saopćiti	verb	hbs	impart	verb	eng
približiti	verb	hbs	approach	verb	eng
brojiti	verb	hbs	count	verb	eng
liječiti	verb	hbs	cure	verb	eng
uložiti	verb	hbs	invest	verb	eng
zboriti	verb	hbs	speak	verb	eng
rušiti	verb	hbs	demolish	verb	eng
tumačiti	verb	hbs	interpret	verb	eng
gušiti	verb	hbs	asphyxiate	verb	eng
gušiti	verb	hbs	choke	verb	eng
oblačiti	verb	hbs	clothe	verb	eng
oblačiti	verb	hbs	put on	verb	eng
kvariti	verb	hbs	corrupt	verb	eng
kvariti	verb	hbs	spoil	verb	eng
izvlačiti	verb	hbs	extract	verb	eng
bližiti	verb	hbs	approach	verb	eng
odvlačiti	verb	hbs	distract	verb	eng
podvlačiti	verb	hbs	underline	verb	eng
privlačiti	verb	hbs	attract	verb	eng
odugovlačiti	verb	hbs	delay	verb	eng
prekriti	verb	hbs	cover	verb	eng
sakriti	verb	hbs	conceal	verb	eng
griješiti	verb	hbs	be wrong	verb	eng
griješiti	verb	hbs	make mistakes	verb	eng
griješiti	verb	hbs	sin	verb	eng
uvažiti	verb	hbs	accept	verb	eng
prikriti	verb	hbs	cover	verb	eng
smiriti	verb	hbs	calm	verb	eng
zgriješiti	verb	hbs	sin	verb	eng
navršiti	verb	hbs	turn	verb	eng
oboriti	verb	hbs	bring down	verb	eng
označiti	verb	hbs	mark	verb	eng
raskriti	verb	hbs	uncover	verb	eng
udostojiti	verb	hbs	deign	verb	eng
poslužiti	verb	hbs	serve	verb	eng
pretražiti	verb	hbs	search	verb	eng
razriješiti	verb	hbs	solve	verb	eng
zadužiti	verb	hbs	go into debt	verb	eng
zaslužiti	verb	hbs	deserve	verb	eng
izdužiti	verb	hbs	lengthen	verb	eng
opslužiti	verb	hbs	serve	verb	eng
odslužiti	verb	hbs	serve	verb	eng
razdužiti	verb	hbs	resolve	verb	eng
omalovažiti	verb	hbs	belittle	verb	eng
založiti	verb	hbs	pawn	verb	eng
odvojiti	verb	hbs	abstract	verb	eng
odvojiti	verb	hbs	separate	verb	eng
položiti	verb	hbs	lay	verb	eng
svjedočiti	verb	hbs	witness	verb	eng
pretvoriti	verb	hbs	convert	verb	eng
izložiti	verb	hbs	display	verb	eng
ograničiti	verb	hbs	limit	verb	eng
dogovoriti	verb	hbs	arrange	verb	eng
graničiti	verb	hbs	border	verb	eng
žuriti	verb	hbs	hurry	verb	eng
curiti	verb	hbs	leak	verb	eng
požuriti	verb	hbs	hurry	verb	eng
stvoriti	verb	hbs	cause	verb	eng
stvoriti	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
prevariti	verb	hbs	cheat	verb	eng
riješiti	verb	hbs	solve	verb	eng
odložiti	verb	hbs	put down	verb	eng
smanjiti	verb	hbs	decrease	verb	eng
smanjiti	verb	hbs	reduce	verb	eng
ublažiti	verb	hbs	ease	verb	eng
ublažiti	verb	hbs	mitigate	verb	eng
priložiti	verb	hbs	enclose	verb	eng
tvoriti	verb	hbs	constitute	verb	eng
moriti	verb	hbs	ail	verb	eng
skrivati	verb	hbs	hide	verb	eng
trti	verb	hbs	rub	verb	eng
spomenuti	verb	hbs	mention	verb	eng
pokrenuti	verb	hbs	start	verb	eng
potaknuti	verb	hbs	stimulate	verb	eng
umaknuti	verb	hbs	escape	verb	eng
primaknuti	verb	hbs	move closer	verb	eng
izmaknuti	verb	hbs	escape	verb	eng
minuti	verb	hbs	elapse	verb	eng
jurnuti	verb	hbs	storm	verb	eng
okrznuti	verb	hbs	brush	verb	eng
buknuti	verb	hbs	break out	verb	eng
otpočinuti	verb	hbs	rest	verb	eng
iščeznuti	verb	hbs	disappear	verb	eng
zamrznuti	verb	hbs	freeze	verb	eng
izvrnuti	verb	hbs	distort	verb	eng
okrenuti	verb	hbs	flip	verb	eng
prevrnuti	verb	hbs	overturn	verb	eng
laknuti	verb	hbs	be relieved	verb	eng
izaslati	verb	hbs	send	verb	eng
polagati	verb	hbs	take	verb	eng
polagati	verb	hbs	lay	verb	eng
polagati	verb	hbs	place	verb	eng
odlagati	verb	hbs	lay	verb	eng
zalagati	verb	hbs	advocate	verb	eng
lagati	verb	hbs	lie	verb	eng
ulagati	verb	hbs	invest	verb	eng
izlagati	verb	hbs	exhibit	verb	eng
nalagati	verb	hbs	command	verb	eng
obrazlagati	verb	hbs	explain	verb	eng
potpomagati	verb	hbs	help	verb	eng
raspolagati	verb	hbs	dispose	verb	eng
predlagati	verb	hbs	recommend	verb	eng
nametati	verb	hbs	impose	verb	eng
nadmetati	verb	hbs	bid	verb	eng
nadmetati	verb	hbs	compete	verb	eng
umetati	verb	hbs	insert	verb	eng
podmetati	verb	hbs	plant	verb	eng
umetnuti	verb	hbs	insert	verb	eng
proizvesti	verb	hbs	create	verb	eng
proizvesti	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
uvesti	verb	hbs	import	verb	eng
obuhvatiti	verb	hbs	cover	verb	eng
suzdržati	verb	hbs	abstain	verb	eng
uskladiti	verb	hbs	adjust	verb	eng
ponuditi	verb	hbs	offer	verb	eng
dopustiti	verb	hbs	allow	verb	eng
primijeniti	verb	hbs	apply	verb	eng
temeljiti	verb	hbs	base	verb	eng
udovoljiti	verb	hbs	satisfy	verb	eng
uravnotežiti	verb	hbs	balance	verb	eng
naučiti	verb	hbs	learn	verb	eng
naručiti	verb	hbs	order	verb	eng
usmjeriti	verb	hbs	direct	verb	eng
rasti	verb	hbs	grow	verb	eng
slijediti	verb	hbs	follow	verb	eng
vrijediti	verb	hbs	apply	verb	eng
vrijediti	verb	hbs	be valid	verb	eng
unaprijediti	verb	hbs	improve	verb	eng
pružiti	verb	hbs	provide	verb	eng
uporabiti	verb	hbs	use	verb	eng
posvetiti	verb	hbs	consecrate	verb	eng
posvetiti	verb	hbs	dedicate	verb	eng
posvetiti	verb	hbs	devote	verb	eng
usredotočiti	verb	hbs	concentrate	verb	eng
proučiti	verb	hbs	examine	verb	eng
proučiti	verb	hbs	study	verb	eng
poslati	verb	hbs	send	verb	eng
ući	verb	hbs	enter	verb	eng
veli	verb	hbs	say	verb	eng
probuditi	verb	hbs	wake	verb	eng
leteti	verb	hbs	fly	verb	eng
zavideti	verb	hbs	envy	verb	eng
razumijeti	verb	hbs	understand	verb	eng
naznačavati	verb	hbs	mark	verb	eng
naznačivati	verb	hbs	mark	verb	eng
ublažavati	verb	hbs	ease	verb	eng
ublažavati	verb	hbs	mitigate	verb	eng
crkavati	verb	hbs	die	verb	eng
ogledavati	verb	hbs	glance	verb	eng
okrivljavati	verb	hbs	blame	verb	eng
dopunjavati	verb	hbs	add	verb	eng
smrzavati	verb	hbs	freeze	verb	eng
odmrzavati	verb	hbs	thaw	verb	eng
osvještavati	verb	hbs	educate	verb	eng
osvjetljavati	verb	hbs	illuminate	verb	eng
osvjetljavati	verb	hbs	light	verb	eng
sjedinjavati	verb	hbs	unite	verb	eng
usložnjavati	verb	hbs	complicate	verb	eng
udaljavati	verb	hbs	separate	verb	eng
osposobljavati	verb	hbs	train	verb	eng
prebrojavati	verb	hbs	count	verb	eng
obračunavati	verb	hbs	calculate	verb	eng
preusmjeravati	verb	hbs	redirect	verb	eng
pronevjeravati	verb	hbs	embezzle	verb	eng
razgraničavati	verb	hbs	separate	verb	eng
zloupotrebljavati	verb	hbs	abuse	verb	eng
rasprodavati	verb	hbs	sell out	verb	eng
prepoznavati	verb	hbs	recognise	verb	eng
razuvjeravati	verb	hbs	talk out	verb	eng
dodjeljivati	verb	hbs	present	verb	eng
izmamljivati	verb	hbs	elicit	verb	eng
odjeljivati	verb	hbs	divide	verb	eng
odjeljivati	verb	hbs	separate	verb	eng
razdjeljivati	verb	hbs	divide	verb	eng
razdjeljivati	verb	hbs	separate	verb	eng
osmjeljivati	verb	hbs	take the courage	verb	eng
pomirivati	verb	hbs	reconcile	verb	eng
ukorjenjivati	verb	hbs	become ingrained	verb	eng
zamagljivati	verb	hbs	cloud	verb	eng
istrebljivati	verb	hbs	exterminate	verb	eng
ozdravljivati	verb	hbs	recover	verb	eng
oslabljivati	verb	hbs	wane	verb	eng
oslabljivati	verb	hbs	weaken	verb	eng
pozajmljivati	verb	hbs	borrow	verb	eng
pozajmljivati	verb	hbs	lend	verb	eng
razrješivati	verb	hbs	settle	verb	eng
razrješivati	verb	hbs	unravel	verb	eng
iskorjenjivati	verb	hbs	eradicate	verb	eng
opterećivati	verb	hbs	burden	verb	eng
potkrepljivati	verb	hbs	back	verb	eng
potkrepljivati	verb	hbs	confirm	verb	eng
proslavljivati	verb	hbs	celebrate	verb	eng
obeshrabrivati	verb	hbs	discourage	verb	eng
obeshrabrivati	verb	hbs	dishearten	verb	eng
osuvremenjivati	verb	hbs	modernize	verb	eng
produbljivati	verb	hbs	deepen	verb	eng
pojednostavljivati	verb	hbs	simplify	verb	eng
preraspodjeljivati	verb	hbs	reassign	verb	eng
rasprostranjivati	verb	hbs	disseminate	verb	eng
otkupljivati	verb	hbs	redeem	verb	eng
pretplaćivati	verb	hbs	subscribe	verb	eng
interesovati	verb	hbs	interest	verb	eng
emitovati	verb	hbs	broadcast	verb	eng
emitovati	verb	hbs	emit	verb	eng
emitovati	verb	hbs	transmit	verb	eng
praktikovati	verb	hbs	practise	verb	eng
ratifikovati	verb	hbs	ratify	verb	eng
kvalifikovati	verb	hbs	qualify	verb	eng
identifikovati	verb	hbs	identify	verb	eng
diskvalifikovati	verb	hbs	disqualify	verb	eng
finalizovati	verb	hbs	finalise	verb	eng
realizovati	verb	hbs	realise	verb	eng
garantovati	verb	hbs	guarantee	verb	eng
pristići	verb	hbs	arrive	verb	eng
naići	verb	hbs	stumble upon	verb	eng
prići	verb	hbs	approach	verb	eng
isteći	verb	hbs	expire	verb	eng
tući	verb	hbs	beat	verb	eng
dotući	verb	hbs	finish	verb	eng
istući	verb	hbs	beat up	verb	eng
otući	verb	hbs	chisel	verb	eng
potući	verb	hbs	beat	verb	eng
pretući	verb	hbs	beat up	verb	eng
dovući	verb	hbs	drag	verb	eng
izvući	verb	hbs	pull out	verb	eng
navući	verb	hbs	pull over	verb	eng
navući	verb	hbs	put on	verb	eng
odvući	verb	hbs	pull away	verb	eng
razvući	verb	hbs	stretch	verb	eng
svući	verb	hbs	take off	verb	eng
zavući	verb	hbs	crawl	verb	eng
obući	verb	hbs	put on	verb	eng
preobući	verb	hbs	change	verb	eng
dostići	verb	hbs	catch up	verb	eng
stići	verb	hbs	arrive	verb	eng
izbjeći	verb	hbs	avoid	verb	eng
pobjeći	verb	hbs	flee	verb	eng
pobjeći	verb	hbs	run away	verb	eng
istaći	verb	hbs	highlight	verb	eng
postići	verb	hbs	accomplish	verb	eng
naći	verb	hbs	find	verb	eng
snaći	verb	hbs	befall	verb	eng
snaći	verb	hbs	manage	verb	eng
pronaći	verb	hbs	find	verb	eng
odbjeći	verb	hbs	flee	verb	eng
izreći	verb	hbs	pronounce	verb	eng
odreći	verb	hbs	disown	verb	eng
odreći	verb	hbs	forgo	verb	eng
odreći	verb	hbs	stop	verb	eng
iznaći	verb	hbs	find	verb	eng
potpomoći	verb	hbs	help	verb	eng
pripomoći	verb	hbs	help	verb	eng
smoći	verb	hbs	muster	verb	eng
dići	verb	hbs	raise	verb	eng
dići	verb	hbs	rise	verb	eng
podići	verb	hbs	raise	verb	eng
posjeći	verb	hbs	cut	verb	eng
odsjeći	verb	hbs	cut	verb	eng
usjeći	verb	hbs	cut	verb	eng
zasjeći	verb	hbs	cut	verb	eng
presjeći	verb	hbs	cut	verb	eng
teći	verb	hbs	flow	verb	eng
dezinformisati	verb	hbs	disinform	verb	eng
kontrolisati	verb	hbs	control	verb	eng
eliminisati	verb	hbs	eliminate	verb	eng
reformisati	verb	hbs	reform	verb	eng
tolerisati	verb	hbs	tolerate	verb	eng
zagarantirati	verb	hbs	guarantee	verb	eng
ekstradirati	verb	hbs	extradite	verb	eng
odblokirati	verb	hbs	unblock	verb	eng
redefinirati	verb	hbs	redefine	verb	eng
finalizirati	verb	hbs	finalise	verb	eng
naelektrizirati	verb	hbs	electrify	verb	eng
voleti	verb	hbs	like	verb	eng
voleti	verb	hbs	love	verb	eng
brboriti	verb	hbs	blob	verb	eng
brboriti	verb	hbs	gobble	verb	eng
odlanuti	verb	hbs	feel better	verb	eng
sačuvati	verb	hbs	keep	verb	eng
posjetiti	verb	hbs	visit	verb	eng
uputiti	verb	hbs	point	verb	eng
zabuljiti	verb	hbs	stare	verb	eng
mučiti	verb	hbs	torture	verb	eng
otputovati	verb	hbs	depart	verb	eng
doputovati	verb	hbs	arrive	verb	eng
poraziti	verb	hbs	beat	verb	eng
odgovarajući	verb	hbs	reply	verb	eng
cvatući	verb	hbs	flower	verb	eng
gostujući	verb	hbs	appear	verb	eng
halucinirajući	verb	hbs	hallucinate	verb	eng
ionizirajući	verb	hbs	ionise	verb	eng
klečeći	verb	hbs	kneel	verb	eng
klizeći	verb	hbs	skate	verb	eng
krojeći	verb	hbs	tailor	verb	eng
lajući	verb	hbs	bark	verb	eng
ležeći	verb	hbs	lie	verb	eng
ljubeći	verb	hbs	kiss	verb	eng
ljubeći	verb	hbs	love	verb	eng
nastajajući	verb	hbs	appear	verb	eng
nazvavši	verb	hbs	call	verb	eng
nezadovoljavajući	verb	hbs	do not satisfy	verb	eng
obećavajući	verb	hbs	promise	verb	eng
obilujući	verb	hbs	abound	verb	eng
opadajući	verb	hbs	fall off	verb	eng
opkružujući	verb	hbs	circle	verb	eng
optužujući	verb	hbs	accuse	verb	eng
plakajući	verb	hbs	cry	verb	eng
podržavši	verb	hbs	support	verb	eng
pokretajući	verb	hbs	set in motion	verb	eng
ponovivši	verb	hbs	retry	verb	eng
predstojeći	verb	hbs	be imminent	verb	eng
predući	verb	hbs	purr	verb	eng
prilagodivši	verb	hbs	adjust	verb	eng
priredivši	verb	hbs	organize	verb	eng
puzeći	verb	hbs	crawl	verb	eng
raspadajući	verb	hbs	shred	verb	eng
rasturivši	verb	hbs	beat	verb	eng
razbacavši	verb	hbs	scatter	verb	eng
rotirajući	verb	hbs	rotate	verb	eng
spaljujući	verb	hbs	set on fire	verb	eng
svladavši	verb	hbs	master	verb	eng
tonući	verb	hbs	sink	verb	eng
tragajući	verb	hbs	look	verb	eng
umrijevši	verb	hbs	die	verb	eng
uporabivši	verb	hbs	use	verb	eng
usporedivši	verb	hbs	compare	verb	eng
uzgojivši	verb	hbs	breed	verb	eng
vidjevši	verb	hbs	see	verb	eng
viseći	verb	hbs	hang	verb	eng
vrišteći	verb	hbs	scream	verb	eng
zadirkujući	verb	hbs	tease	verb	eng
zamorivši	verb	hbs	tire	verb	eng
zasluživši	verb	hbs	earn	verb	eng
doseći	verb	hbs	reach	verb	eng
entitet	noun	hbs	entity	noun	eng
zamjenik	noun	hbs	deputy	noun	eng
unaprjeđenje	noun	hbs	promotion	noun	eng
indie	noun	hbs	indie	noun	eng
seks	noun	hbs	sex	noun	eng
ariš	noun	hbs	larch	noun	eng
broš	noun	hbs	brooch	noun	eng
groš	noun	hbs	groat	noun	eng
gulaš	noun	hbs	goulash	noun	eng
gulaš	noun	hbs	stew	noun	eng
gustiš	noun	hbs	thicket	noun	eng
ološ	noun	hbs	scum	noun	eng
orijaš	noun	hbs	giant	noun	eng
pratitelj	noun	hbs	companion	noun	eng
krpelj	noun	hbs	tick	noun	eng
crvendać	noun	hbs	redbreast	noun	eng
crvendać	noun	hbs	robin	noun	eng
pajdaš	noun	hbs	pal	noun	eng
velikaš	noun	hbs	aristocrat	noun	eng
milion	noun	hbs	million	noun	eng
žargon	noun	hbs	jargon	noun	eng
virus	noun	hbs	virus	noun	eng
šarlatan	noun	hbs	charlatan	noun	eng
šarlatan	noun	hbs	quack	noun	eng
pribor	noun	hbs	equipment	noun	eng
pribor	noun	hbs	set	noun	eng
nalaz	noun	hbs	finding	noun	eng
nalaz	noun	hbs	test result	noun	eng
miris	noun	hbs	fragrance	noun	eng
miris	noun	hbs	smell	noun	eng
ubod	noun	hbs	stab	noun	eng
ubod	noun	hbs	sting	noun	eng
uvod	noun	hbs	introduction	noun	eng
bodež	noun	hbs	dagger	noun	eng
cvilež	noun	hbs	whine	noun	eng
kalež	noun	hbs	chalice	noun	eng
lavež	noun	hbs	bark	noun	eng
metež	noun	hbs	turmoil	noun	eng
dopust	noun	hbs	leave	noun	eng
kažiprst	noun	hbs	forefinger	noun	eng
otpust	noun	hbs	release	noun	eng
baršun	noun	hbs	velvet	noun	eng
bezdan	noun	hbs	abyss	noun	eng
obrt	noun	hbs	craft	noun	eng
obrt	noun	hbs	trade	noun	eng
autoritet	noun	hbs	authority	noun	eng
barut	noun	hbs	gunpowder	noun	eng
briket	noun	hbs	briquette	noun	eng
buket	noun	hbs	buquet	noun	eng
grohot	noun	hbs	laughter	noun	eng
izlet	noun	hbs	excursion	noun	eng
izlet	noun	hbs	hike	noun	eng
izlet	noun	hbs	picnic	noun	eng
komplet	noun	hbs	set	noun	eng
kontinuitet	noun	hbs	continuity	noun	eng
krevet	noun	hbs	bed	noun	eng
kriminalitet	noun	hbs	crime	noun	eng
novitet	noun	hbs	novelty	noun	eng
okret	noun	hbs	turn	noun	eng
pokret	noun	hbs	move	noun	eng
polet	noun	hbs	zest	noun	eng
preokret	noun	hbs	reversal	noun	eng
promiskuitet	noun	hbs	promiscuity	noun	eng
pubertet	noun	hbs	puberty	noun	eng
publicitet	noun	hbs	publicity	noun	eng
rasplet	noun	hbs	outcome	noun	eng
reket	noun	hbs	racket	noun	eng
reket	noun	hbs	racquet	noun	eng
rekvizit	noun	hbs	prop	noun	eng
specijalitet	noun	hbs	specialty	noun	eng
suncokret	noun	hbs	sunflower	noun	eng
tucet	noun	hbs	dozen	noun	eng
zalet	noun	hbs	momentum	noun	eng
zavjet	noun	hbs	vow	noun	eng
busen	noun	hbs	bush	noun	eng
žig	noun	hbs	stamp	noun	eng
čep	noun	hbs	cork	noun	eng
čep	noun	hbs	plug	noun	eng
džep	noun	hbs	pocket	noun	eng
hlap	noun	hbs	lobster	noun	eng
sklop	noun	hbs	circuit	noun	eng
škrip	noun	hbs	vice	noun	eng
šlep	noun	hbs	train	noun	eng
šlep	noun	hbs	tugboat	noun	eng
stup	noun	hbs	pole	noun	eng
trop	noun	hbs	trope	noun	eng
biskup	noun	hbs	bishop	noun	eng
horoskop	noun	hbs	horoscope	noun	eng
kaleidoskop	noun	hbs	caleidoscope	noun	eng
nastup	noun	hbs	performance	noun	eng
potop	noun	hbs	deluge	noun	eng
potop	noun	hbs	flood	noun	eng
prijestup	noun	hbs	offense	noun	eng
prijestup	noun	hbs	transgression	noun	eng
prokop	noun	hbs	ditch	noun	eng
rascjep	noun	hbs	cleft	noun	eng
ugljenokop	noun	hbs	colliery	noun	eng
cepin	noun	hbs	ice axe	noun	eng
ekran	noun	hbs	screen	noun	eng
galon	noun	hbs	gallon	noun	eng
gospodin	noun	hbs	gentleman	noun	eng
gospodin	noun	hbs	mister	noun	eng
gramofon	noun	hbs	gramophone	noun	eng
grkljan	noun	hbs	throat	noun	eng
imendan	noun	hbs	name day	noun	eng
kišobran	noun	hbs	umbrella	noun	eng
kombinezon	noun	hbs	overalls	noun	eng
limun	noun	hbs	lemon	noun	eng
majmun	noun	hbs	monkey	noun	eng
nagon	noun	hbs	instinct	noun	eng
nagon	noun	hbs	urge	noun	eng
naklon	noun	hbs	bow	noun	eng
naslon	noun	hbs	rest	noun	eng
neuron	noun	hbs	neuron	noun	eng
obračun	noun	hbs	accounting	noun	eng
obračun	noun	hbs	calculation	noun	eng
obračun	noun	hbs	confrontation	noun	eng
otklon	noun	hbs	deflection	noun	eng
otklon	noun	hbs	phase	noun	eng
plijen	noun	hbs	prey	noun	eng
plijesan	noun	hbs	mold	noun	eng
plijesan	noun	hbs	mould	noun	eng
pogon	noun	hbs	drive	noun	eng
poklon	noun	hbs	present	noun	eng
porcelan	noun	hbs	porcelain	noun	eng
volumen	noun	hbs	volume	noun	eng
pramen	noun	hbs	lock	noun	eng
pristan	noun	hbs	wharf	noun	eng
proračun	noun	hbs	budget	noun	eng
raspon	noun	hbs	span	noun	eng
remen	noun	hbs	belt	noun	eng
šafran	noun	hbs	saffron	noun	eng
salon	noun	hbs	salon	noun	eng
sapun	noun	hbs	soap	noun	eng
spomen	noun	hbs	memory	noun	eng
spomen	noun	hbs	mention	noun	eng
svagdan	noun	hbs	every day	noun	eng
svagdan	noun	hbs	work day	noun	eng
talisman	noun	hbs	talisman	noun	eng
tamjan	noun	hbs	frankincense	noun	eng
tanin	noun	hbs	tannin	noun	eng
termin	noun	hbs	date	noun	eng
termin	noun	hbs	term	noun	eng
uzgon	noun	hbs	buoyancy	noun	eng
zasun	noun	hbs	latch	noun	eng
zaton	noun	hbs	bay	noun	eng
anis	noun	hbs	aniseed	noun	eng
notes	noun	hbs	notebook	noun	eng
ponos	noun	hbs	pride	noun	eng
prefiks	noun	hbs	prefix	noun	eng
rukopis	noun	hbs	handwriting	noun	eng
stimulans	noun	hbs	stimulant	noun	eng
sufiks	noun	hbs	suffix	noun	eng
agregat	noun	hbs	aggregate	noun	eng
aparat	noun	hbs	device	noun	eng
elaborat	noun	hbs	study	noun	eng
inspektorat	noun	hbs	inspectorate	noun	eng
internat	noun	hbs	boarding school	noun	eng
kombinat	noun	hbs	combine	noun	eng
kvadrat	noun	hbs	square	noun	eng
magistrat	noun	hbs	magistrate	noun	eng
plakat	noun	hbs	poster	noun	eng
potplat	noun	hbs	sole	noun	eng
povrat	noun	hbs	return	noun	eng
preparat	noun	hbs	preparation	noun	eng
prevrat	noun	hbs	overturn	noun	eng
procvat	noun	hbs	blossom	noun	eng
procvat	noun	hbs	boom	noun	eng
prstohvat	noun	hbs	pinch	noun	eng
referat	noun	hbs	paper	noun	eng
sekretarijat	noun	hbs	secretariat	noun	eng
četverokut	noun	hbs	rectangle	noun	eng
izrod	noun	hbs	brat	noun	eng
izrod	noun	hbs	spawn	noun	eng
padobran	noun	hbs	parachute	noun	eng
duhan	noun	hbs	tobacco	noun	eng
upis	noun	hbs	enrolment	noun	eng
upis	noun	hbs	enrollment	noun	eng
iznos	noun	hbs	amount	noun	eng
grijač	noun	hbs	heater	noun	eng
brojač	noun	hbs	counter	noun	eng
minobacač	noun	hbs	minethrower	noun	eng
minobacač	noun	hbs	mortar	noun	eng
novčić	noun	hbs	penny	noun	eng
dobavljač	noun	hbs	supplier	noun	eng
ogrtač	noun	hbs	bathrobe	noun	eng
otirač	noun	hbs	doormat	noun	eng
pokrivač	noun	hbs	blanket	noun	eng
sakupljač	noun	hbs	collector	noun	eng
upaljač	noun	hbs	lighter	noun	eng
izlučivač	noun	hbs	gland	noun	eng
okidač	noun	hbs	trigger	noun	eng
omekšivač	noun	hbs	softener	noun	eng
osigurač	noun	hbs	fuse	noun	eng
otvarač	noun	hbs	opener	noun	eng
prekidač	noun	hbs	switch	noun	eng
rastvarač	noun	hbs	solvent	noun	eng
razrjeđivač	noun	hbs	thinner	noun	eng
zatvarač	noun	hbs	shutter	noun	eng
zgušnjavač	noun	hbs	coagulant	noun	eng
porez	noun	hbs	tax	noun	eng
sukob	noun	hbs	conflict	noun	eng
sporazum	noun	hbs	agreement	noun	eng
disk	noun	hbs	disc	noun	eng
grof	noun	hbs	count	noun	eng
san	noun	hbs	dream	noun	eng
san	noun	hbs	sleep	noun	eng
kat	noun	hbs	floor	noun	eng
bon	noun	hbs	voucher	noun	eng
dlan	noun	hbs	palm	noun	eng
klin	noun	hbs	wedge	noun	eng
prsten	noun	hbs	ring	noun	eng
zvon	noun	hbs	ring	noun	eng
lim	noun	hbs	tin	noun	eng
tenk	noun	hbs	tank	noun	eng
akt	noun	hbs	act	noun	eng
akt	noun	hbs	nude	noun	eng
bat	noun	hbs	mallet	noun	eng
brijest	noun	hbs	elm	noun	eng
pat	noun	hbs	stalemate	noun	eng
pult	noun	hbs	counter	noun	eng
splet	noun	hbs	series	noun	eng
spust	noun	hbs	downhill	noun	eng
puls	noun	hbs	pulse	noun	eng
stas	noun	hbs	physique	noun	eng
štit	noun	hbs	shield	noun	eng
takt	noun	hbs	measure	noun	eng
takt	noun	hbs	tact	noun	eng
trakt	noun	hbs	tract	noun	eng
album	noun	hbs	album	noun	eng
naum	noun	hbs	idea	noun	eng
podrum	noun	hbs	basement	noun	eng
bik	noun	hbs	bull	noun	eng
sin	noun	hbs	son	noun	eng
rob	noun	hbs	slave	noun	eng
bok	noun	hbs	hip	noun	eng
frak	noun	hbs	tailcoat	noun	eng
drek	noun	hbs	poo	noun	eng
brk	noun	hbs	moustache	noun	eng
muk	noun	hbs	silence	noun	eng
tlak	noun	hbs	pressure	noun	eng
kôd	noun	hbs	code	noun	eng
bob	noun	hbs	bobsled	noun	eng
bob	noun	hbs	horsebean	noun	eng
zglob	noun	hbs	joint	noun	eng
zglob	noun	hbs	wrist	noun	eng
sat	noun	hbs	clock	noun	eng
sat	noun	hbs	hour	noun	eng
sat	noun	hbs	watch	noun	eng
nagib	noun	hbs	slope	noun	eng
pregib	noun	hbs	crease	noun	eng
kupon	noun	hbs	coupon	noun	eng
posao	noun	hbs	work	noun	eng
čavao	noun	hbs	nail	noun	eng
orao	noun	hbs	eagle	noun	eng
ugao	noun	hbs	corner	noun	eng
dotok	noun	hbs	flow	noun	eng
zvižduk	noun	hbs	whistle	noun	eng
oblik	noun	hbs	shape	noun	eng
polumrak	noun	hbs	gloom	noun	eng
raskorak	noun	hbs	discrepancy	noun	eng
sumrak	noun	hbs	twilight	noun	eng
hladnjak	noun	hbs	refridgerator	noun	eng
hladnjak	noun	hbs	fridge	noun	eng
istočnjak	noun	hbs	East wind	noun	eng
krtičnjak	noun	hbs	critic	noun	eng
lješnjak	noun	hbs	hazelnut	noun	eng
mlažnjak	noun	hbs	jet	noun	eng
pašnjak	noun	hbs	pasture	noun	eng
podočnjak	noun	hbs	dark circle	noun	eng
ribnjak	noun	hbs	fishpond	noun	eng
ribnjak	noun	hbs	pond	noun	eng
srebrnjak	noun	hbs	silver	noun	eng
štednjak	noun	hbs	stove	noun	eng
svijećnjak	noun	hbs	candelabra	noun	eng
svijećnjak	noun	hbs	candelabrum	noun	eng
svinjak	noun	hbs	pigsty	noun	eng
zvjerinjak	noun	hbs	menagerie	noun	eng
urok	noun	hbs	curse	noun	eng
brojčanik	noun	hbs	dial	noun	eng
čimbenik	noun	hbs	factor	noun	eng
cjenik	noun	hbs	price list	noun	eng
glasnik	noun	hbs	herald	noun	eng
glasnik	noun	hbs	messenger	noun	eng
gorionik	noun	hbs	burner	noun	eng
izvornik	noun	hbs	source	noun	eng
jajnik	noun	hbs	ovary	noun	eng
jelovnik	noun	hbs	menu	noun	eng
krajolik	noun	hbs	landscape	noun	eng
krik	noun	hbs	scream	noun	eng
molitvenik	noun	hbs	prayer book	noun	eng
neolitik	noun	hbs	Neolithic	noun	eng
ovratnik	noun	hbs	collar	noun	eng
polutnik	noun	hbs	equator	noun	eng
poslovnik	noun	hbs	rules of conduct	noun	eng
pravilnik	noun	hbs	rule book	noun	eng
priručnik	noun	hbs	manual	noun	eng
priručnik	noun	hbs	handbook	noun	eng
rudnik	noun	hbs	mine	noun	eng
svjetionik	noun	hbs	lighthouse	noun	eng
tjednik	noun	hbs	magazine	noun	eng
troškovnik	noun	hbs	list of expense	noun	eng
umivaonik	noun	hbs	washbasin	noun	eng
umivaonik	noun	hbs	washstand	noun	eng
usklik	noun	hbs	shout	noun	eng
usnik	noun	hbs	mouthpiece	noun	eng
zapisnik	noun	hbs	log	noun	eng
zapisnik	noun	hbs	record	noun	eng
zvonik	noun	hbs	bell tower	noun	eng
hodnik	noun	hbs	hall	noun	eng
zvučnik	noun	hbs	speaker	noun	eng
stolčić	noun	hbs	stool	noun	eng
čekić	noun	hbs	hammer	noun	eng
djelić	noun	hbs	piece	noun	eng
dućančić	noun	hbs	little shop	noun	eng
kipić	noun	hbs	statuette	noun	eng
krović	noun	hbs	roof	noun	eng
mišić	noun	hbs	mousie	noun	eng
mišić	noun	hbs	muscle	noun	eng
prikazić	noun	hbs	small display	noun	eng
putić	noun	hbs	pathway	noun	eng
vjetrić	noun	hbs	breeze	noun	eng
zvončić	noun	hbs	bell	noun	eng
stolić	noun	hbs	table	noun	eng
plač	noun	hbs	sob	noun	eng
plač	noun	hbs	weep	verb	eng
sjaj	noun	hbs	shine	noun	eng
raj	noun	hbs	heaven	noun	eng
sloj	noun	hbs	layer	noun	eng
sprej	noun	hbs	spray	noun	eng
tuš	noun	hbs	shower	noun	eng
panj	noun	hbs	stump	noun	eng
ključ	noun	hbs	key	noun	eng
kurs	noun	hbs	course	noun	eng
pojas	noun	hbs	belt	noun	eng
mlaz	noun	hbs	jet	noun	eng
mlaz	noun	hbs	stream	noun	eng
vez	noun	hbs	embroidery	noun	eng
vez	noun	hbs	needlework	noun	eng
uljez	noun	hbs	intruder	noun	eng
konzorcijum	noun	hbs	consortium	noun	eng
Delmat	noun	hbs	Delmat	noun	eng
kolumnist	noun	hbs	columnist	noun	eng
kolovoz	noun	hbs	August	noun	eng
kapetan	noun	hbs	captain	noun	eng
neurokirurg	noun	hbs	brain surgeon	noun	eng
neurokirurg	noun	hbs	neurosurgeon	noun	eng
neurolog	noun	hbs	neurologist	noun	eng
kinolog	noun	hbs	cynologist	noun	eng
reumatolog	noun	hbs	rheumatologist	noun	eng
prilog	noun	hbs	adverb	noun	eng
prilog	noun	hbs	attachment	noun	eng
prilog	noun	hbs	side dish	noun	eng
kovčeg	noun	hbs	chest	noun	eng
kovčeg	noun	hbs	suitcase	noun	eng
doseg	noun	hbs	reach	noun	eng
izlog	noun	hbs	shop window	noun	eng
talog	noun	hbs	residue	noun	eng
talog	noun	hbs	sediment	noun	eng
vrtlog	noun	hbs	vortex	noun	eng
vrtlog	noun	hbs	whirlpool	noun	eng
bol	noun	hbs	pain	noun	eng
šah	noun	hbs	chess	noun	eng
žlijeb	noun	hbs	groove	noun	eng
smijeh	noun	hbs	laughter	noun	eng
podsmijeh	noun	hbs	sneer	noun	eng
grijeh	noun	hbs	sin	noun	eng
Skordisk	noun	hbs	Skordisk	noun	eng
Taurisk	noun	hbs	Taurisk	noun	eng
pračovjek	noun	hbs	early man	noun	eng
vuk	noun	hbs	wolf	noun	eng
unuk	noun	hbs	grandchild	noun	eng
unuk	noun	hbs	grandson	noun	eng
vukodlak	noun	hbs	werewolf	noun	eng
bedak	noun	hbs	tool	noun	eng
poskok	noun	hbs	viper	noun	eng
posjednik	noun	hbs	landlord	noun	eng
posjednik	noun	hbs	owner	noun	eng
buntovnik	noun	hbs	rebel	noun	eng
carinik	noun	hbs	customs official	noun	eng
četnik	noun	hbs	Chetnik	noun	eng
dobitnik	noun	hbs	winner	noun	eng
dobronamjernik	noun	hbs	well-wisher	noun	eng
duhovnik	noun	hbs	priest	noun	eng
dužnik	noun	hbs	debtor	noun	eng
gospodarstvenik	noun	hbs	economist	noun	eng
izletnik	noun	hbs	hiker	noun	eng
kanonik	noun	hbs	canon	noun	eng
kanonik	noun	hbs	clergyman	noun	eng
krvnik	noun	hbs	executioner	noun	eng
laik	noun	hbs	layman	noun	eng
liječnik	noun	hbs	doctor	noun	eng
maloljetnik	noun	hbs	minor	noun	eng
mistik	noun	hbs	mystic	noun	eng
moćnik	noun	hbs	big name	noun	eng
nalaznik	noun	hbs	finder	noun	eng
uvoznik	noun	hbs	importer	noun	eng
narednik	noun	hbs	sergeant	noun	eng
obrtnik	noun	hbs	craftsman	noun	eng
obrtnik	noun	hbs	craftswoman	noun	eng
obrtnik	noun	hbs	tradesman	noun	eng
obrtnik	noun	hbs	tradeswoman	noun	eng
obveznik	noun	hbs	payer	noun	eng
odvjetnik	noun	hbs	lawyer	noun	eng
otpadnik	noun	hbs	outcast	noun	eng
otpadnik	noun	hbs	renegade	noun	eng
pjesnik	noun	hbs	poet	noun	eng
pobočnik	noun	hbs	adjutant	noun	eng
pobunjenik	noun	hbs	rebel	noun	eng
početnik	noun	hbs	beginner	noun	eng
početnik	noun	hbs	novice	noun	eng
podanik	noun	hbs	vassal	noun	eng
podanik	noun	hbs	servant	noun	eng
podanik	noun	hbs	slave	noun	eng
poduzetnik	noun	hbs	enterpreneur	noun	eng
pogrebnik	noun	hbs	undertaker	noun	eng
pokojnik	noun	hbs	deceased	noun	eng
poljoprivrednik	noun	hbs	agriculturist	noun	eng
poljoprivrednik	noun	hbs	farmer	noun	eng
potpredsjednik	noun	hbs	vice-president	noun	eng
povjerenik	noun	hbs	fiduciary	noun	eng
povjerenik	noun	hbs	trustee	noun	eng
pozornik	noun	hbs	constable	noun	eng
pravednik	noun	hbs	righteous person	noun	eng
pravnik	noun	hbs	lawyer	noun	eng
preljubnik	noun	hbs	adulterer	noun	eng
pretplatnik	noun	hbs	subscriber	noun	eng
prijestupnik	noun	hbs	offender	noun	eng
privatnik	noun	hbs	self-employed person	noun	eng
ranarnik	noun	hbs	surgeon	noun	eng
ratnik	noun	hbs	warrior	noun	eng
razumnik	noun	hbs	sane person	noun	eng
redovnik	noun	hbs	monk	noun	eng
rimokatolik	noun	hbs	Roman Catholic	noun	eng
sljednik	noun	hbs	successor	noun	eng
sudionik	noun	hbs	participant	noun	eng
sugovornik	noun	hbs	collocutor	noun	eng
sugovornik	noun	hbs	interlocutor	noun	eng
sumišljenik	noun	hbs	sympathizer	noun	eng
suputnik	noun	hbs	companion	noun	eng
kuga	noun	hbs	plague	noun	eng
tarifa	noun	hbs	rate	noun	eng
dolina	noun	hbs	valley	noun	eng
tkanina	noun	hbs	fabric	noun	eng
gradina	noun	hbs	fort	noun	eng
pozadina	noun	hbs	background	noun	eng
pozadina	noun	hbs	behind	noun	eng
urotnik	noun	hbs	conspirator	noun	eng
uzročnik	noun	hbs	cause	noun	eng
veleposjednik	noun	hbs	landowner	noun	eng
vijećnik	noun	hbs	councillor	noun	eng
vjernik	noun	hbs	believer	noun	eng
zagovornik	noun	hbs	advocate	noun	eng
zarobljenik	noun	hbs	captive	noun	eng
zarobljenik	noun	hbs	prisoner	noun	eng
zaštitnik	noun	hbs	guardian	noun	eng
zaštitnik	noun	hbs	protector	noun	eng
župnik	noun	hbs	pastor	noun	eng
vojnik	noun	hbs	soldier	noun	eng
stanovnik	noun	hbs	citizen	noun	eng
predstavnik	noun	hbs	representative	noun	eng
zvaničnik	noun	hbs	official	noun	eng
avioprijevoznik	noun	hbs	airline	noun	eng
rođak	noun	hbs	cousin	noun	eng
izdavač	noun	hbs	publisher	noun	eng
izviđač	noun	hbs	scout	noun	eng
jahač	noun	hbs	rider	noun	eng
čistač	noun	hbs	cleaner	noun	eng
vozač	noun	hbs	driver	noun	eng
kavez	noun	hbs	cage	noun	eng
kukuruz	noun	hbs	corn	noun	eng
miraz	noun	hbs	dowry	noun	eng
odraz	noun	hbs	reflection	noun	eng
otkaz	noun	hbs	discharge	noun	eng
otkaz	noun	hbs	notice	noun	eng
pekmez	noun	hbs	jam	noun	eng
prikaz	noun	hbs	display	noun	eng
prilaz	noun	hbs	approach	noun	eng
putokaz	noun	hbs	signpost	noun	eng
uvez	noun	hbs	binding	noun	eng
zarez	noun	hbs	comma	noun	eng
obzir	noun	hbs	account	noun	eng
obzir	noun	hbs	consideration	noun	eng
obzir	noun	hbs	respect	noun	eng
računar	noun	hbs	computer	noun	eng
maturant	noun	hbs	graduate	noun	eng
subjekt	noun	hbs	subject	noun	eng
dijamant	noun	hbs	diamond	noun	eng
balast	noun	hbs	ballast	noun	eng
instrument	noun	hbs	instrument	noun	eng
kontinent	noun	hbs	continent	noun	eng
labirint	noun	hbs	labyrinth	noun	eng
labirint	noun	hbs	maze	noun	eng
regiment	noun	hbs	regiment	noun	eng
transparent	noun	hbs	sign	noun	eng
produkt	noun	hbs	product	noun	eng
subjekat	noun	hbs	subject	noun	eng
akcenat	noun	hbs	accent	noun	eng
objekat	noun	hbs	object	noun	eng
šapat	noun	hbs	whisper	noun	eng
lakat	noun	hbs	elbow	noun	eng
kamibalizam	noun	hbs	cannibalism	noun	eng
despotizam	noun	hbs	despotism	noun	eng
egoizam	noun	hbs	egotism	noun	eng
eufemizam	noun	hbs	euphemism	noun	eng
fanatizam	noun	hbs	fanaticism	noun	eng
fatalizam	noun	hbs	fatalism	noun	eng
humanizam	noun	hbs	humanism	noun	eng
individualizam	noun	hbs	individualism	noun	eng
kolektivizam	noun	hbs	collectivism	noun	eng
misticizam	noun	hbs	mysticism	noun	eng
nacionalizam	noun	hbs	nationalism	noun	eng
organizam	noun	hbs	organism	noun	eng
orgazam	noun	hbs	orgasm	noun	eng
patriotizam	noun	hbs	patriotism	noun	eng
pojam	noun	hbs	term	noun	eng
racionalizam	noun	hbs	rationalism	noun	eng
ritam	noun	hbs	rhythm	noun	eng
romantizam	noun	hbs	romanticism	noun	eng
socijalizam	noun	hbs	socialism	noun	eng
solipsizam	noun	hbs	solipsism	noun	eng
telegram	noun	hbs	telegram	noun	eng
tradicionalizam	noun	hbs	traditionalism	noun	eng
osmijeh	noun	hbs	smile	noun	eng
predah	noun	hbs	break	noun	eng
Evropejac	noun	hbs	European	noun	eng
Crnogorac	noun	hbs	Montenegrin	noun	eng
crnoburzijanac	noun	hbs	black marketeer	noun	eng
crnac	noun	hbs	black person	noun	eng
crnac	noun	hbs	African American	noun	eng
Židov	noun	hbs	Jew	noun	eng
Šved	noun	hbs	Swede	noun	eng
Španac	noun	hbs	Spaniard	noun	eng
Štajerac	noun	hbs	Styrian	noun	eng
Švicarac	noun	hbs	Swiss	noun	eng
Švajcarac	noun	hbs	Swiss	noun	eng
Čeh	noun	hbs	Czech	noun	eng
Čehinja	noun	hbs	Czech	noun	eng
partner	noun	hbs	partner	noun	eng
nositelj	noun	hbs	holder	noun	eng
Rimljanin	noun	hbs	Roman	noun	eng
Japod	noun	hbs	Iapyde	noun	eng
Japod	noun	hbs	Japode	noun	eng
kadet	noun	hbs	cadet	noun	eng
lemb	noun	hbs	Lemb	noun	eng
lembkinja	noun	hbs	Lemb	noun	eng
liburn	noun	hbs	Liburnian	noun	eng
liburnkinja	noun	hbs	Liburnian	noun	eng
potrošnja	noun	hbs	consumption	noun	eng
registar	noun	hbs	register	noun	eng
novembar	noun	hbs	November	noun	eng
zrakoplov	noun	hbs	aeroplane	noun	eng
zrakoplov	noun	hbs	plane	noun	eng
koralj	noun	hbs	coral	noun	eng
prorez	noun	hbs	gap	noun	eng
prorez	noun	hbs	slit	noun	eng
temelj	noun	hbs	base	noun	eng
temelj	noun	hbs	basis	noun	eng
temelj	noun	hbs	foundation	noun	eng
kompjutor	noun	hbs	computer	noun	eng
kolosijek	noun	hbs	track	noun	eng
čajnik	noun	hbs	teapot	noun	eng
klobuk	noun	hbs	hat	noun	eng
nauk	noun	hbs	doctrine	noun	eng
nauk	noun	hbs	lesson	noun	eng
nauk	noun	hbs	science	noun	eng
odjek	noun	hbs	echo	noun	eng
pendrek	noun	hbs	baton	noun	eng
pendrek	noun	hbs	nightstick	noun	eng
pendrek	noun	hbs	truncheon	noun	eng
poriluk	noun	hbs	leek	noun	eng
presjek	noun	hbs	section	noun	eng
pretek	noun	hbs	overhead	noun	eng
istek	noun	hbs	expiration	noun	eng
prizvuk	noun	hbs	note	noun	eng
prizvuk	noun	hbs	tone	noun	eng
slavoluk	noun	hbs	archway	noun	eng
porok	noun	hbs	vice	noun	eng
odmak	noun	hbs	detachment	noun	eng
pomak	noun	hbs	shift	noun	eng
umak	noun	hbs	gravy	noun	eng
umak	noun	hbs	sauce	noun	eng
predznak	noun	hbs	accidental	noun	eng
predznak	noun	hbs	sign	noun	eng
lijevak	noun	hbs	funnel	noun	eng
kapak	noun	hbs	eyelid	noun	eng
šipak	noun	hbs	pomegranate	noun	eng
uzorak	noun	hbs	pattern	noun	eng
dašak	noun	hbs	breath	noun	eng
grašak	noun	hbs	pea	noun	eng
opušak	noun	hbs	cigarette butt	noun	eng
valjušak	noun	hbs	dumpling	noun	eng
čaj	noun	hbs	tea	noun	eng
instruktor	noun	hbs	instructor	noun	eng
svetac	noun	hbs	saint	noun	eng
poljubac	noun	hbs	kiss	noun	eng
hljebac	noun	hbs	bread	noun	eng
lebac	noun	hbs	bread	noun	eng
mrtvac	noun	hbs	dead person	noun	eng
stric	noun	hbs	uncle	noun	eng
muškarac	noun	hbs	man	noun	eng
Ardijejac	noun	hbs	Ardiaei	noun	eng
Slovenac	noun	hbs	Slovene	noun	eng
jarac	noun	hbs	billy goat	noun	eng
jarac	noun	hbs	capricorn	noun	eng
jarac	noun	hbs	goat	noun	eng
moljac	noun	hbs	moth	noun	eng
pilac	noun	hbs	drinker	noun	eng
skakavac	noun	hbs	grasshopper	noun	eng
skakavac	noun	hbs	locust	noun	eng
pomorac	noun	hbs	seaman	noun	eng
tvorac	noun	hbs	maker	noun	eng
tjesnac	noun	hbs	ravine	noun	eng
madrac	noun	hbs	mattress	noun	eng
brzac	noun	hbs	fast current	noun	eng
prečac	noun	hbs	shortcut	noun	eng
prosinac	noun	hbs	December	noun	eng
poklopac	noun	hbs	lid	noun	eng
jamac	noun	hbs	sponsor	noun	eng
kokošinjac	noun	hbs	coop	noun	eng
kolac	noun	hbs	stake	noun	eng
mamac	noun	hbs	bait	noun	eng
obrazac	noun	hbs	form	noun	eng
palac	noun	hbs	thumb	noun	eng
pramac	noun	hbs	prow	noun	eng
strmac	noun	hbs	hillside	noun	eng
piskavac	noun	hbs	sibilant	noun	eng
krastavac	noun	hbs	cucumber	noun	eng
puzavac	noun	hbs	creeper	noun	eng
suzavac	noun	hbs	pepper spray	noun	eng
škripac	noun	hbs	pickle	noun	eng
stupac	noun	hbs	column	noun	eng
udarac	noun	hbs	hit	noun	eng
lonac	noun	hbs	pot	noun	eng
oslonac	noun	hbs	rest	noun	eng
oslonac	noun	hbs	support	noun	eng
prepečenac	noun	hbs	toast	noun	eng
ranac	noun	hbs	backpack	noun	eng
složenac	noun	hbs	casserole	noun	eng
studenac	noun	hbs	spring	noun	eng
studenac	noun	hbs	well	noun	eng
novac	noun	hbs	money	noun	eng
mislilac	noun	hbs	thinker	noun	eng
Kosovar	noun	hbs	Kosovar	noun	eng
astmatičar	noun	hbs	asthmatic	noun	eng
elektroničar	noun	hbs	electronics engineer	noun	eng
fizičar	noun	hbs	physicist	noun	eng
genetičar	noun	hbs	geneticist	noun	eng
kemičar	noun	hbs	chemist	noun	eng
logičar	noun	hbs	logician	noun	eng
matematičar	noun	hbs	mathematician	noun	eng
mehaničar	noun	hbs	mechanic	noun	eng
metafizičar	noun	hbs	metaphysicist	noun	eng
praktičar	noun	hbs	practician	noun	eng
praktičar	noun	hbs	practicioner	noun	eng
tehničar	noun	hbs	technician	noun	eng
tragičar	noun	hbs	tragedian	noun	eng
čuvar	noun	hbs	guard	noun	eng
čuvar	noun	hbs	keeper	noun	eng
Mađar	noun	hbs	Hungarian	noun	eng
planinar	noun	hbs	mountaineer	noun	eng
stvor	noun	hbs	creature	noun	eng
štakor	noun	hbs	rat	noun	eng
vinogradar	noun	hbs	winegrower	noun	eng
zadrugar	noun	hbs	co-op member	noun	eng
manevar	noun	hbs	maneuver	noun	eng
manevar	noun	hbs	manoeuvre	noun	eng
povodac	noun	hbs	leash	noun	eng
predak	noun	hbs	ancestor	noun	eng
predmetak	noun	hbs	prefix	noun	eng
podatak	noun	hbs	data	noun	eng
izlazak	noun	hbs	date	noun	eng
spektar	noun	hbs	spectrum	noun	eng
špageti	noun	hbs	spaghetti	noun	eng
Histri	noun	hbs	Histri	noun	eng
taksi	noun	hbs	taxi	noun	eng
kaki	noun	hbs	khaki	noun	eng
kuli	noun	hbs	coolie	noun	eng
žiri	noun	hbs	jury	noun	eng
taxi	noun	hbs	taxi	noun	eng
letač	noun	hbs	flyer	noun	eng
graditelj	noun	hbs	builder	noun	eng
heroj	noun	hbs	hero	noun	eng
kasnitelj	noun	hbs	latecomer	noun	eng
ljubitelj	noun	hbs	lover	noun	eng
neprijatelj	noun	hbs	enemy	noun	eng
pokrovitelj	noun	hbs	patron	noun	eng
pokrovitelj	noun	hbs	sponsor	noun	eng
predsjedatelj	noun	hbs	chairman	noun	eng
pretsjedatelj	noun	hbs	chairman	noun	eng
spasitelj	noun	hbs	saviour	noun	eng
upravitelj	noun	hbs	manager	noun	eng
prijatelj	noun	hbs	friend	noun	eng
prvak	noun	hbs	champion	noun	eng
naputak	noun	hbs	instruction	noun	eng
naglasak	noun	hbs	accent	noun	eng
otisak	noun	hbs	print	noun	eng
bljesak	noun	hbs	flash	noun	eng
časak	noun	hbs	moment	noun	eng
odbljesak	noun	hbs	flare	noun	eng
odbljesak	noun	hbs	flash	noun	eng
pisak	noun	hbs	mouthpiece	noun	eng
pljusak	noun	hbs	shower	noun	eng
prasak	noun	hbs	bang	noun	eng
stisak	noun	hbs	grip	noun	eng
stisak	noun	hbs	squeeze	noun	eng
vrisak	noun	hbs	scream	noun	eng
tjedan	noun	hbs	week	noun	eng
kašalj	noun	hbs	cough	noun	eng
potporanj	noun	hbs	pillar	noun	eng
potporanj	noun	hbs	support	noun	eng
toranj	noun	hbs	tower	noun	eng
travanj	noun	hbs	April	noun	eng
stupanj	noun	hbs	degree	noun	eng
zrak	noun	hbs	air	noun	eng
bruto	noun	hbs	gross	noun	eng
impresso	noun	hbs	Impresso	noun	eng
plat	noun	hbs	turbot	noun	eng
atelje	noun	hbs	atelier	noun	eng
atelje	noun	hbs	studio	noun	eng
pepeo	noun	hbs	ash	noun	eng
mladoženja	noun	hbs	groom	noun	eng
baraba	noun	hbs	bum	noun	eng
baraba	noun	hbs	outlaw	noun	eng
stjegonoša	noun	hbs	bannerman	noun	eng
stjegonoša	noun	hbs	standard-bearer	noun	eng
ustaša	noun	hbs	Ustaša	noun	eng
paša	noun	hbs	Pasha	noun	eng
kolumnista	noun	hbs	columnist	noun	eng
doba	noun	hbs	era	noun	eng
čudesa	noun	hbs	marvel	noun	eng
nosila	noun	hbs	stretcher	noun	eng
tabla	noun	hbs	bar	noun	eng
tabla	noun	hbs	board	noun	eng
naranča	noun	hbs	orange	noun	eng
obuća	noun	hbs	footwear	noun	eng
škorpija	noun	hbs	scorpion	noun	eng
željezarija	noun	hbs	ironworks	noun	eng
željeznarija	noun	hbs	ironworks	noun	eng
četa	noun	hbs	company	noun	eng
četa	noun	hbs	legion	noun	eng
četa	noun	hbs	troop	noun	eng
svađa	noun	hbs	argument	noun	eng
svađa	noun	hbs	fight	noun	eng
priča	noun	hbs	story	noun	eng
priča	noun	hbs	tale	noun	eng
zasjeda	noun	hbs	ambush	noun	eng
spora	noun	hbs	spore	noun	eng
ruža	noun	hbs	rose	noun	eng
prikaza	noun	hbs	apparition	noun	eng
nastava	noun	hbs	class	noun	eng
probava	noun	hbs	digestion	noun	eng
prevara	noun	hbs	adultery	noun	eng
prevara	noun	hbs	deceit	noun	eng
prevara	noun	hbs	fraud	noun	eng
prevara	noun	hbs	scam	noun	eng
prijevara	noun	hbs	adultery	noun	eng
prijevara	noun	hbs	deceit	noun	eng
prijevara	noun	hbs	fraud	noun	eng
prijevara	noun	hbs	scam	noun	eng
kulisa	noun	hbs	backdrop	noun	eng
brineta	noun	hbs	brunette	noun	eng
kota	noun	hbs	height	noun	eng
meta	noun	hbs	target	noun	eng
nota	noun	hbs	note	noun	eng
nota	noun	hbs	tone	noun	eng
oplata	noun	hbs	plating	noun	eng
paleta	noun	hbs	palette	noun	eng
pretplata	noun	hbs	subscription	noun	eng
salata	noun	hbs	salad	noun	eng
silueta	noun	hbs	silhouette	noun	eng
tableta	noun	hbs	pill	noun	eng
tableta	noun	hbs	tablet	noun	eng
toaleta	noun	hbs	toilette	noun	eng
vata	noun	hbs	cotton wool	noun	eng
vrednota	noun	hbs	value	noun	eng
ljepota	noun	hbs	beauty	noun	eng
dojava	noun	hbs	report	noun	eng
njiva	noun	hbs	field	noun	eng
oprava	noun	hbs	dress	noun	eng
oprava	noun	hbs	gear	noun	eng
oprava	noun	hbs	repair	noun	eng
ostava	noun	hbs	pantry	noun	eng
predstava	noun	hbs	play	noun	eng
preventiva	noun	hbs	prevention	noun	eng
prijava	noun	hbs	application	noun	eng
prijava	noun	hbs	registration	noun	eng
proslava	noun	hbs	celebration	noun	eng
strava	noun	hbs	horror	noun	eng
superdržava	noun	hbs	superstate	noun	eng
tava	noun	hbs	pan	noun	eng
tučnjava	noun	hbs	fight	noun	eng
tvrđava	noun	hbs	fort	noun	eng
tvrđava	noun	hbs	keep	noun	eng
vreva	noun	hbs	throng	noun	eng
groza	noun	hbs	chill	noun	eng
griža	noun	hbs	dysentery	noun	eng
griža	noun	hbs	remorse	noun	eng
griža	noun	hbs	stone	noun	eng
gripa	noun	hbs	flu	noun	eng
loža	noun	hbs	lodge	noun	eng
reportaža	noun	hbs	report	noun	eng
riža	noun	hbs	rice	noun	eng
jeza	noun	hbs	chill	noun	eng
loza	noun	hbs	vine	noun	eng
nervoza	noun	hbs	anxiety	noun	eng
nervoza	noun	hbs	nervousness	noun	eng
princeza	noun	hbs	princess	noun	eng
samohipnoza	noun	hbs	autohypnosis	noun	eng
suza	noun	hbs	tear	noun	eng
melisa	noun	hbs	lemon balm	noun	eng
misa	noun	hbs	mass	noun	eng
rasa	noun	hbs	race	noun	eng
resa	noun	hbs	fringe	noun	eng
smjesa	noun	hbs	mixture	noun	eng
trasa	noun	hbs	line	noun	eng
zavjesa	noun	hbs	curtain	noun	eng
gradnja	noun	hbs	construction	noun	eng
hitnja	noun	hbs	hurry	noun	eng
kretnja	noun	hbs	motion	noun	eng
krošnja	noun	hbs	treetop	noun	eng
kušnja	noun	hbs	temptation	noun	eng
milostinja	noun	hbs	charity	noun	eng
mošnja	noun	hbs	scrotum	noun	eng
munja	noun	hbs	lightning	noun	eng
nošnja	noun	hbs	costume	noun	eng
ophodnja	noun	hbs	patrol	noun	eng
oplodnja	noun	hbs	fertilization	noun	eng
pedagoginja	noun	hbs	pedagogue	noun	eng
pomutnja	noun	hbs	confusion	noun	eng
psihologinja	noun	hbs	psychologist	noun	eng
pustinja	noun	hbs	desert	noun	eng
ropkinja	noun	hbs	slave	noun	eng
slutnja	noun	hbs	hunch	noun	eng
strankinja	noun	hbs	foreigner	noun	eng
šurjakinja	noun	hbs	sister -in-law	noun	eng
sutkinja	noun	hbs	judge	noun	eng
svinja	noun	hbs	pig	noun	eng
tlapnja	noun	hbs	fantasy	noun	eng
tlapnja	noun	hbs	nonsense	noun	eng
trgovkinja	noun	hbs	merchant	noun	eng
studija	noun	hbs	study	noun	eng
greda	noun	hbs	beam	noun	eng
livada	noun	hbs	meadow	noun	eng
marmelada	noun	hbs	marmalade	noun	eng
metoda	noun	hbs	method	noun	eng
naslada	noun	hbs	delight	noun	eng
naslada	noun	hbs	enjoyment	noun	eng
navada	noun	hbs	habit	noun	eng
nepogoda	noun	hbs	disaster	noun	eng
nezgoda	noun	hbs	accident	noun	eng
ograda	noun	hbs	fence	noun	eng
oklada	noun	hbs	bet	noun	eng
osuda	noun	hbs	condemnation	noun	eng
osuda	noun	hbs	criticism	noun	eng
osuda	noun	hbs	verdict	noun	eng
posuda	noun	hbs	container	noun	eng
pregrada	noun	hbs	barrier	noun	eng
prerada	noun	hbs	process	verb	eng
ruda	noun	hbs	ore	noun	eng
susjeda	noun	hbs	neighbour	noun	eng
uhoda	noun	hbs	spy	noun	eng
žlijezda	noun	hbs	gland	noun	eng
staza	noun	hbs	road	noun	eng
torba	noun	hbs	bag	noun	eng
torba	noun	hbs	purse	noun	eng
majica	noun	hbs	shirt	noun	eng
golubica	noun	hbs	dove	noun	eng
studentica	noun	hbs	student	noun	eng
drugarica	noun	hbs	friend	noun	eng
drugarica	noun	hbs	mate	noun	eng
trudnica	noun	hbs	pregnant woman	noun	eng
jama	noun	hbs	cave	noun	eng
jama	noun	hbs	pit	noun	eng
spilja	noun	hbs	cave	noun	eng
spilja	noun	hbs	cavern	noun	eng
petorica	noun	hbs	five	noun	eng
biciklistica	noun	hbs	cyclist	noun	eng
blagovaonica	noun	hbs	dining room	noun	eng
đavolica	noun	hbs	devil	noun	eng
dušica	noun	hbs	dear	noun	eng
dušica	noun	hbs	soundpost	noun	eng
dušica	noun	hbs	sound post	noun	eng
ušica	noun	hbs	eye	noun	eng
dvojica	noun	hbs	two	noun	eng
glasnica	noun	hbs	vocal cord	noun	eng
gledateljica	noun	hbs	spectator	noun	eng
gledateljica	noun	hbs	viewer	noun	eng
glumica	noun	hbs	actress	noun	eng
goljenica	noun	hbs	shin	noun	eng
gospodarica	noun	hbs	mistress	noun	eng
gostionica	noun	hbs	inn	noun	eng
gusjenica	noun	hbs	caterpillar	noun	eng
iglica	noun	hbs	needle	noun	eng
igraonica	noun	hbs	playroom	noun	eng
igrica	noun	hbs	videogame	noun	eng
inačica	noun	hbs	version	noun	eng
izvidnica	noun	hbs	reconnaissance	noun	eng
jamica	noun	hbs	dimple	noun	eng
kapelica	noun	hbs	chapel	noun	eng
kapica	noun	hbs	cap	noun	eng
kapljica	noun	hbs	drop	noun	eng
kćerčica	noun	hbs	little girl	noun	eng
kitica	noun	hbs	bouquet	noun	eng
kitica	noun	hbs	corsage	noun	eng
kitica	noun	hbs	verse	noun	eng
klica	noun	hbs	germ	noun	eng
klica	noun	hbs	sprout	noun	eng
ključanica	noun	hbs	keyhole	noun	eng
konkurentica	noun	hbs	competitor	noun	eng
kralješnica	noun	hbs	spine	noun	eng
kućanica	noun	hbs	housewife	noun	eng
kućica	noun	hbs	house	noun	eng
natuknica	noun	hbs	entry	noun	eng
nogavica	noun	hbs	trouser leg	noun	eng
pletenica	noun	hbs	braid	noun	eng
špica	noun	hbs	spike	noun	eng
špica	noun	hbs	title sequence	noun	eng
špica	noun	hbs	opening credits	noun	eng
špica	noun	hbs	rush hour	noun	eng
špica	noun	hbs	peak	noun	eng
vražica	noun	hbs	devil	noun	eng
zahvalnica	noun	hbs	letter of thanks	noun	eng
žitnica	noun	hbs	granary	noun	eng
kontrolorka	noun	hbs	controller	noun	eng
ručica	noun	hbs	handle	noun	eng
boja	noun	hbs	colour	noun	eng
rukavica	noun	hbs	glove	noun	eng
akrobacija	noun	hbs	stunt	noun	eng
alkemija	noun	hbs	alchemy	noun	eng
biskupija	noun	hbs	diocese	noun	eng
dizenterija	noun	hbs	dysentery	noun	eng
dječurlija	noun	hbs	brat	noun	eng
džamija	noun	hbs	mosque	noun	eng
erupcija	noun	hbs	eruption	noun	eng
kaucija	noun	hbs	deposit	noun	eng
kopija	noun	hbs	copy	noun	eng
legitimacija	noun	hbs	legitimation	noun	eng
leukemija	noun	hbs	leukaemia	noun	eng
leukemija	noun	hbs	leukemia	noun	eng
lutrija	noun	hbs	lottery	noun	eng
markacija	noun	hbs	marking	noun	eng
morija	noun	hbs	plague	noun	eng
morija	noun	hbs	catastrophe	noun	eng
pistacija	noun	hbs	pistachio	noun	eng
pješadija	noun	hbs	infantry	noun	eng
protekcija	noun	hbs	protection	noun	eng
provalija	noun	hbs	chasm	noun	eng
psihijatrija	noun	hbs	psychiatry	noun	eng
pukovnija	noun	hbs	regiment	noun	eng
punkcija	noun	hbs	puncture	noun	eng
recepcija	noun	hbs	reception	noun	eng
represija	noun	hbs	repression	noun	eng
revija	noun	hbs	journal	noun	eng
revija	noun	hbs	show	noun	eng
sakristija	noun	hbs	sacristy	noun	eng
sakristija	noun	hbs	vestry	noun	eng
sanjarija	noun	hbs	daydream	noun	eng
slikarija	noun	hbs	painting	noun	eng
sljeparija	noun	hbs	delusion	noun	eng
stipendija	noun	hbs	stipend	noun	eng
svinjarija	noun	hbs	nastiness	noun	eng
varijacija	noun	hbs	variation	noun	eng
zanatlija	noun	hbs	artificer	noun	eng
zanatlija	noun	hbs	craftsman	noun	eng
prilika	noun	hbs	chance	noun	eng
zraka	noun	hbs	air	noun	eng
mistika	noun	hbs	mystique	noun	eng
zbrka	noun	hbs	confusion	noun	eng
dlaka	noun	hbs	hair	noun	eng
olovka	noun	hbs	pencil	noun	eng
pretpostavka	noun	hbs	assumption	noun	eng
školjka	noun	hbs	clam	noun	eng
školjka	noun	hbs	seashell	noun	eng
školjka	noun	hbs	shell	noun	eng
čipka	noun	hbs	lace	noun	eng
čistka	noun	hbs	purge	noun	eng
pljačka	noun	hbs	burglary	noun	eng
pljačka	noun	hbs	robbery	noun	eng
pljačka	noun	hbs	theft	noun	eng
opaska	noun	hbs	note	noun	eng
opaska	noun	hbs	remark	noun	eng
dosjetka	noun	hbs	pun	noun	eng
dosjetka	noun	hbs	quip	noun	eng
beretka	noun	hbs	beret	noun	eng
gomila	noun	hbs	bunch	noun	eng
budala	noun	hbs	fool	noun	eng
upala	noun	hbs	inflammation	noun	eng
ćela	noun	hbs	bald head	noun	eng
ilegala	noun	hbs	illegality	noun	eng
kola	noun	hbs	carriage	noun	eng
kola	noun	hbs	car	noun	eng
kula	noun	hbs	tower	noun	eng
mula	noun	hbs	mule	noun	eng
mula	noun	hbs	Mullah	noun	eng
parcela	noun	hbs	parcel	noun	eng
parola	noun	hbs	slogan	noun	eng
patrola	noun	hbs	patrol	noun	eng
provala	noun	hbs	burglary	noun	eng
rebula	noun	hbs	Ribolla	noun	eng
šala	noun	hbs	jest	noun	eng
šala	noun	hbs	joke	noun	eng
samokontrola	noun	hbs	self-control	noun	eng
strijela	noun	hbs	arrow	noun	eng
velesila	noun	hbs	superpower	noun	eng
zahvala	noun	hbs	thanks	noun	eng
zdjela	noun	hbs	bowl	noun	eng
žila	noun	hbs	vein	noun	eng
guma	noun	hbs	rubber	noun	eng
krama	noun	hbs	junk	noun	eng
kuma	noun	hbs	godmother	noun	eng
pidžama	noun	hbs	pajamas	noun	eng
plima	noun	hbs	tide	noun	eng
plima	noun	hbs	high tide	noun	eng
polutama	noun	hbs	penumbra	noun	eng
polutama	noun	hbs	shade	noun	eng
reklama	noun	hbs	ad	noun	eng
reklama	noun	hbs	advertisement	noun	eng
trauma	noun	hbs	trauma	noun	eng
hrpa	noun	hbs	bunch	noun	eng
hrpa	noun	hbs	heap	noun	eng
petina	noun	hbs	fifth	noun	eng
sedmina	noun	hbs	seventh	noun	eng
bušotina	noun	hbs	bore	noun	eng
bušotina	noun	hbs	borehole	noun	eng
škrinja	noun	hbs	chest	noun	eng
buna	noun	hbs	rebellion	noun	eng
grana	noun	hbs	branch	noun	eng
mahuna	noun	hbs	pod	noun	eng
megatona	noun	hbs	megaton	noun	eng
mijena	noun	hbs	change	noun	eng
mijena	noun	hbs	phase	noun	eng
mrena	noun	hbs	cataract	noun	eng
nakana	noun	hbs	intention	noun	eng
opsjena	noun	hbs	illusion	noun	eng
opsjena	noun	hbs	mirage	noun	eng
pelena	noun	hbs	diaper	noun	eng
pilana	noun	hbs	sawmill	noun	eng
pjena	noun	hbs	foam	noun	eng
pjena	noun	hbs	froth	noun	eng
pobuna	noun	hbs	rebellion	noun	eng
prehrana	noun	hbs	diet	noun	eng
samoobmana	noun	hbs	self-deception	noun	eng
samoobmana	noun	hbs	self-illusion	noun	eng
sjena	noun	hbs	shadow	noun	eng
spona	noun	hbs	bond	noun	eng
spona	noun	hbs	link	noun	eng
stijena	noun	hbs	rock	noun	eng
štrena	noun	hbs	skein	noun	eng
struna	noun	hbs	string	noun	eng
zabuna	noun	hbs	confusion	noun	eng
zabuna	noun	hbs	error	noun	eng
butina	noun	hbs	thigh	noun	eng
dina	noun	hbs	dune	noun	eng
grmljavina	noun	hbs	thunder	noun	eng
hladovina	noun	hbs	shade	noun	eng
jamčevina	noun	hbs	bail	noun	eng
kosina	noun	hbs	slope	noun	eng
kotlina	noun	hbs	ravine	noun	eng
kovina	noun	hbs	metal	noun	eng
krivotvorina	noun	hbs	counterfeit	noun	eng
krivotvorina	noun	hbs	fake	noun	eng
krivotvorina	noun	hbs	forgery	noun	eng
ljetina	noun	hbs	yield	noun	eng
lukavština	noun	hbs	trick	noun	eng
mješavina	noun	hbs	mix	noun	eng
mješavina	noun	hbs	mixture	noun	eng
modrina	noun	hbs	blue	noun	eng
moždina	noun	hbs	spinal cord	noun	eng
mrcina	noun	hbs	bastard	noun	eng
mrcina	noun	hbs	carcass	noun	eng
neistina	noun	hbs	untruth	noun	eng
oblina	noun	hbs	curve	noun	eng
ogrebotina	noun	hbs	scratch	noun	eng
olupina	noun	hbs	wreck	noun	eng
oštrina	noun	hbs	sharpness	noun	eng
otopina	noun	hbs	solution	noun	eng
patvorina	noun	hbs	forgery	noun	eng
pogrebnina	noun	hbs	funeral expenses	noun	eng
poluistina	noun	hbs	half-truth	noun	eng
potrepština	noun	hbs	supply	noun	eng
praznina	noun	hbs	void	noun	eng
prljavština	noun	hbs	dirt	noun	eng
pukotina	noun	hbs	crack	noun	eng
ravnina	noun	hbs	plane	noun	eng
rodbina	noun	hbs	relative	noun	eng
rogožina	noun	hbs	mat	noun	eng
ruševina	noun	hbs	ruin	noun	eng
širina	noun	hbs	width	noun	eng
sirovina	noun	hbs	raw material	noun	eng
školarina	noun	hbs	tuition	noun	eng
školarina	noun	hbs	tuition fee	noun	eng
slavina	noun	hbs	faucet	noun	eng
slavina	noun	hbs	tap	noun	eng
sobetina	noun	hbs	big room	noun	eng
staklenina	noun	hbs	glassware	noun	eng
starješina	noun	hbs	elder	noun	eng
strmina	noun	hbs	slope	noun	eng
šupljina	noun	hbs	cavity	noun	eng
šupljina	noun	hbs	hollow	noun	eng
svježina	noun	hbs	freshness	noun	eng
tišina	noun	hbs	silence	noun	eng
tmina	noun	hbs	darkness	noun	eng
tratina	noun	hbs	meadow	noun	eng
trošarina	noun	hbs	excise	noun	eng
tvorevina	noun	hbs	creation	noun	eng
udubina	noun	hbs	hollow	noun	eng
udubina	noun	hbs	recess	noun	eng
ulaznina	noun	hbs	entrance fee	noun	eng
umjetnina	noun	hbs	artwork	noun	eng
užina	noun	hbs	lunch	noun	eng
vedrina	noun	hbs	optimism	noun	eng
vedrina	noun	hbs	brightness	noun	eng
žabokrečina	noun	hbs	ditch water	noun	eng
tribina	noun	hbs	stand	noun	eng
vatra	noun	hbs	fire	noun	eng
pristojba	noun	hbs	charge	noun	eng
jednadžba	noun	hbs	equation	noun	eng
plovidba	noun	hbs	sailing	noun	eng
pogodba	noun	hbs	agreement	noun	eng
pogodba	noun	hbs	deal	noun	eng
primjedba	noun	hbs	remark	noun	eng
priredba	noun	hbs	show	noun	eng
svadba	noun	hbs	wedding	noun	eng
ženidba	noun	hbs	wedding	noun	eng
posudba	noun	hbs	loan	noun	eng
svjedodžba	noun	hbs	certificate	noun	eng
svjedodžba	noun	hbs	report card	noun	eng
berba	noun	hbs	harvest	noun	eng
berba	noun	hbs	vintage	noun	eng
molba	noun	hbs	application	noun	eng
molba	noun	hbs	request	noun	eng
neosoba	noun	hbs	non-person	noun	eng
opskrba	noun	hbs	supply	noun	eng
paluba	noun	hbs	deck	noun	eng
predodžba	noun	hbs	image	noun	eng
preobrazba	noun	hbs	transformation	noun	eng
proba	noun	hbs	rehearsal	noun	eng
raščlamba	noun	hbs	analysis	noun	eng
razdioba	noun	hbs	distribution	noun	eng
tegoba	noun	hbs	difficulty	noun	eng
tegoba	noun	hbs	hardship	noun	eng
tjelovježba	noun	hbs	exercise	noun	eng
tjeskoba	noun	hbs	anxiety	noun	eng
tromba	noun	hbs	tromba	noun	eng
tromba	noun	hbs	marine trumpet	noun	eng
tvorba	noun	hbs	formation	noun	eng
uporaba	noun	hbs	use	noun	eng
zamolba	noun	hbs	request	noun	eng
žurba	noun	hbs	hurry	noun	eng
berza	noun	hbs	stock exchange	noun	eng
berza	noun	hbs	stock market	noun	eng
stogodišnjica	noun	hbs	centenary	noun	eng
stogodišnjica	noun	hbs	centennial	noun	eng
bedrenjača	noun	hbs	femur	noun	eng
bedrenjača	noun	hbs	thigh bone	noun	eng
ispaša	noun	hbs	pasture	noun	eng
kopača	noun	hbs	shovel	noun	eng
kornjača	noun	hbs	tortoise	noun	eng
kornjača	noun	hbs	turtle	noun	eng
krastača	noun	hbs	toad	noun	eng
kutlača	noun	hbs	ladle	noun	eng
leća	noun	hbs	lens	noun	eng
leća	noun	hbs	lentil	noun	eng
ljeskovača	noun	hbs	hazel	noun	eng
naprtnjača	noun	hbs	backpack	noun	eng
papuča	noun	hbs	slipper	noun	eng
plavuša	noun	hbs	blonde	noun	eng
ploča	noun	hbs	panel	noun	eng
ploča	noun	hbs	record	noun	eng
ploča	noun	hbs	slab	noun	eng
pogača	noun	hbs	scone	noun	eng
pregača	noun	hbs	apron	noun	eng
rudača	noun	hbs	ore	noun	eng
sreća	noun	hbs	happiness	noun	eng
sreća	noun	hbs	luck	noun	eng
štitnjača	noun	hbs	thyroid	noun	eng
vjeđa	noun	hbs	eyelid	noun	eng
vjeđa	noun	hbs	eyebrow	noun	eng
vjetrenjača	noun	hbs	windmill	noun	eng
vreća	noun	hbs	bag	noun	eng
vreća	noun	hbs	sack	noun	eng
zaimača	noun	hbs	ladle	noun	eng
milijarda	noun	hbs	billion	noun	eng
omča	noun	hbs	noose	noun	eng
unča	noun	hbs	ounce	noun	eng
nijansa	noun	hbs	shade	noun	eng
duljina	noun	hbs	length	noun	eng
pohota	noun	hbs	lust	noun	eng
čvrstoća	noun	hbs	firmness	noun	eng
čvrstoća	noun	hbs	hardness	noun	eng
čvrstoća	noun	hbs	strength	noun	eng
vaška	noun	hbs	louse	noun	eng
vaška	noun	hbs	washbasin	noun	eng
vaška	noun	hbs	washstand	noun	eng
šipka	noun	hbs	rod	noun	eng
šipka	noun	hbs	bar	noun	eng
prepreka	noun	hbs	obstacle	noun	eng
tvornica	noun	hbs	factory	noun	eng
petlja	noun	hbs	loop	noun	eng
baklja	noun	hbs	torch	noun	eng
bogomolja	noun	hbs	place of worship	noun	eng
bogomolja	noun	hbs	prayer	noun	eng
košulja	noun	hbs	shirt	noun	eng
krivulja	noun	hbs	curve	noun	eng
mrlja	noun	hbs	stain	noun	eng
nevolja	noun	hbs	trouble	noun	eng
nosilja	noun	hbs	bearer	noun	eng
nosilja	noun	hbs	hen	noun	eng
postelja	noun	hbs	bed	noun	eng
pratilja	noun	hbs	runner -up	noun	eng
rasprodaja	noun	hbs	sale	noun	eng
rodilja	noun	hbs	woman in labor	noun	eng
rodilja	noun	hbs	woman in labour	noun	eng
srdobolja	noun	hbs	dysentery	noun	eng
vlasulja	noun	hbs	wig	noun	eng
nebriga	noun	hbs	neglect	noun	eng
njega	noun	hbs	care	noun	eng
razbibriga	noun	hbs	pastime	noun	eng
pjega	noun	hbs	freckle	noun	eng
pjega	noun	hbs	spot	noun	eng
podloga	noun	hbs	foundation	noun	eng
podloga	noun	hbs	mat	noun	eng
podloga	noun	hbs	pad	noun	eng
podloga	noun	hbs	surface	noun	eng
prisega	noun	hbs	oath	noun	eng
pruga	noun	hbs	rail	noun	eng
pruga	noun	hbs	stripe	noun	eng
sloga	noun	hbs	concord	noun	eng
vaga	noun	hbs	Libra	noun	eng
vaga	noun	hbs	scales	noun	eng
vijuga	noun	hbs	curve	noun	eng
vijuga	noun	hbs	gyrus	noun	eng
zaprega	noun	hbs	carriage	noun	eng
zasluga	noun	hbs	merit	noun	eng
palica	noun	hbs	bat	noun	eng
palica	noun	hbs	baton	noun	eng
batina	noun	hbs	club	noun	eng
batina	noun	hbs	beating	noun	eng
batina	noun	hbs	whopping	noun	eng
muha	noun	hbs	fly	noun	eng
buha	noun	hbs	flea	noun	eng
ploha	noun	hbs	plane	noun	eng
ploha	noun	hbs	surface	noun	eng
utjeha	noun	hbs	comfort	noun	eng
zaliha	noun	hbs	reserve	noun	eng
zaliha	noun	hbs	stock	noun	eng
ovrha	noun	hbs	foreclosure	noun	eng
bilanca	noun	hbs	balance	noun	eng
licenca	noun	hbs	licence	noun	eng
referenca	noun	hbs	reference	noun	eng
unca	noun	hbs	ounce	noun	eng
vrpca	noun	hbs	tape	noun	eng
instanca	noun	hbs	instance	noun	eng
bora	noun	hbs	wrinkle	noun	eng
etapa	noun	hbs	stage	noun	eng
etaža	noun	hbs	floor	noun	eng
gitara	noun	hbs	guitar	noun	eng
gluhoća	noun	hbs	deafness	noun	eng
gravura	noun	hbs	graving	noun	eng
gruda	noun	hbs	clump	noun	eng
gruda	noun	hbs	snowball	noun	eng
guštara	noun	hbs	thicket	noun	eng
gustoća	noun	hbs	density	noun	eng
hala	noun	hbs	dragon	noun	eng
hala	noun	hbs	dirt	noun	eng
hala	noun	hbs	hall	noun	eng
hala	noun	hbs	lobby	noun	eng
hala	noun	hbs	privy	noun	eng
inventura	noun	hbs	stocktaking	noun	eng
kapuljača	noun	hbs	hood	noun	eng
karavela	noun	hbs	caravel	noun	eng
kobasa	noun	hbs	sausage	noun	eng
lomača	noun	hbs	stake	noun	eng
ružnoća	noun	hbs	ugliness	noun	eng
rulja	noun	hbs	mob	noun	eng
pacijentica	noun	hbs	patient	noun	eng
večer	noun	hbs	evening	noun	eng
breskva	noun	hbs	peach	noun	eng
obrva	noun	hbs	brow	noun	eng
nizina	noun	hbs	lowland	noun	eng
žara	noun	hbs	jar	noun	eng
žara	noun	hbs	nettle	noun	eng
žara	noun	hbs	stinging nettle	noun	eng
žara	noun	hbs	urn	noun	eng
pećina	noun	hbs	cave	noun	eng
pećina	noun	hbs	cavern	noun	eng
lađa	noun	hbs	boat	noun	eng
lađa	noun	hbs	riverboat	noun	eng
prepona	noun	hbs	groin	noun	eng
prepona	noun	hbs	hurdle	noun	eng
agentica	noun	hbs	agent	noun	eng
aleja	noun	hbs	boulevard	noun	eng
anamneza	noun	hbs	anamnesis	noun	eng
aparatura	noun	hbs	apparatus	noun	eng
armada	noun	hbs	armada	noun	eng
autorica	noun	hbs	author	noun	eng
babica	noun	hbs	midwife	noun	eng
bala	noun	hbs	ball	noun	eng
bala	noun	hbs	bundle	noun	eng
bala	noun	hbs	snot	noun	eng
bedarija	noun	hbs	nonsense	noun	eng
bijeda	noun	hbs	misery	noun	eng
bijeda	noun	hbs	poverty	noun	eng
bilježnica	noun	hbs	notebook	noun	eng
birokratija	noun	hbs	bureaucracy	noun	eng
bjelina	noun	hbs	blank	noun	eng
bjelina	noun	hbs	whiteness	noun	eng
bjelkinja	noun	hbs	Caucasian	noun	eng
bjelkinja	noun	hbs	white woman	noun	eng
bljedoća	noun	hbs	paleness	noun	eng
bradica	noun	hbs	beard	noun	eng
brana	noun	hbs	dam	noun	eng
bratovština	noun	hbs	brotherhood	noun	eng
brazgotina	noun	hbs	cut	noun	eng
britvica	noun	hbs	razor	noun	eng
brizgalica	noun	hbs	syringe	noun	eng
buća	noun	hbs	gour	noun	eng
butelja	noun	hbs	bottle	noun	eng
buva	noun	hbs	flea	noun	eng
čarobnica	noun	hbs	sorceress	noun	eng
ćelija	noun	hbs	cell	noun	eng
cestarina	noun	hbs	toll	noun	eng
četvrtina	noun	hbs	fourth	noun	eng
cipela	noun	hbs	shoe	noun	eng
čistačica	noun	hbs	cleaning lady	noun	eng
čistoća	noun	hbs	cleanliness	noun	eng
cjepanica	noun	hbs	log	noun	eng
crkvica	noun	hbs	church	noun	eng
crnina	noun	hbs	black	noun	eng
crnkinja	noun	hbs	black woman	noun	eng
crnkinja	noun	hbs	African American	noun	eng
crta	noun	hbs	line	noun	eng
čutura	noun	hbs	canteen	noun	eng
čutura	noun	hbs	water bottle	noun	eng
daljina	noun	hbs	distance	noun	eng
daljina	noun	hbs	range	noun	eng
dekadencija	noun	hbs	decadence	noun	eng
depeša	noun	hbs	telegram	noun	eng
desetina	noun	hbs	tenth	noun	eng
desnica	noun	hbs	right	noun	eng
dijagnoza	noun	hbs	diagnosis	noun	eng
dijeta	noun	hbs	diet	noun	eng
dionica	noun	hbs	stock	noun	eng
diplomacija	noun	hbs	diplomacy	noun	eng
diplomatija	noun	hbs	diplomacy	noun	eng
divizija	noun	hbs	division	noun	eng
divljina	noun	hbs	wild	noun	eng
djevica	noun	hbs	maiden	noun	eng
djevica	noun	hbs	virgin	noun	eng
djevica	noun	hbs	Virgo	noun	eng
dobitnica	noun	hbs	winner	noun	eng
dobrodošlica	noun	hbs	welcome	noun	eng
dogodovština	noun	hbs	adventure	noun	eng
dolinica	noun	hbs	vale	noun	eng
dolinica	noun	hbs	valley	noun	eng
domaćica	noun	hbs	hostess	noun	eng
domaćica	noun	hbs	housewife	noun	eng
domovina	noun	hbs	country	noun	eng
domovina	noun	hbs	homeland	noun	eng
domovina	noun	hbs	motherland	noun	eng
dopisnica	noun	hbs	correspondent	noun	eng
doplata	noun	hbs	supplement	noun	eng
doplata	noun	hbs	surcharge	noun	eng
dopuna	noun	hbs	addition	noun	eng
dopuna	noun	hbs	amendment	noun	eng
drolja	noun	hbs	slut	noun	eng
družica	noun	hbs	companion	noun	eng
družina	noun	hbs	fellowship	noun	eng
duplja	noun	hbs	socket	noun	eng
instruktorica	noun	hbs	instructor	noun	eng
koliba	noun	hbs	cottage	noun	eng
krhotina	noun	hbs	shard	noun	eng
krma	noun	hbs	stern	noun	eng
krpa	noun	hbs	cloth	noun	eng
lisnica	noun	hbs	wallet	noun	eng
lomilica	noun	hbs	wood chipper	noun	eng
mašta	noun	hbs	imagination	noun	eng
miješalica	noun	hbs	mixer	noun	eng
mrvica	noun	hbs	crumb	noun	eng
mrvičica	noun	hbs	crumb	noun	eng
nadoknada	noun	hbs	compensation	noun	eng
naknada	noun	hbs	compensation	noun	eng
objava	noun	hbs	proclamation	noun	eng
opomena	noun	hbs	warning	noun	eng
otplata	noun	hbs	repayment	noun	eng
pčela	noun	hbs	bee	noun	eng
pisalica	noun	hbs	stylus	noun	eng
posveta	noun	hbs	dedication	noun	eng
pozivnica	noun	hbs	invitation	noun	eng
primalja	noun	hbs	midwife	noun	eng
priznanica	noun	hbs	receipt	noun	eng
radionica	noun	hbs	workshop	noun	eng
razonoda	noun	hbs	pastime	noun	eng
rječca	noun	hbs	particle	noun	eng
rječca	noun	hbs	word	noun	eng
roba	noun	hbs	goods	noun	eng
škrabotina	noun	hbs	scrawl	noun	eng
špijunaža	noun	hbs	espionage	noun	eng
straćara	noun	hbs	shack	noun	eng
taverna	noun	hbs	tavern	noun	eng
uputnica	noun	hbs	referral	noun	eng
vještica	noun	hbs	witch	noun	eng
vodilja	noun	hbs	guide	noun	eng
vodilica	noun	hbs	leash	noun	eng
zabluda	noun	hbs	fallacy	noun	eng
zabluda	noun	hbs	wrong	noun	eng
baka	noun	hbs	grandma	noun	eng
baka	noun	hbs	grandmother	noun	eng
prabaka	noun	hbs	great-grandmother	noun	eng
generalka	noun	hbs	dress rehearsal	noun	eng
generalka	noun	hbs	makeover	noun	eng
isplaka	noun	hbs	drill-in fluid	noun	eng
kvaka	noun	hbs	catch	noun	eng
kvaka	noun	hbs	doorknob	noun	eng
kuka	noun	hbs	hook	noun	eng
traka	noun	hbs	line	noun	eng
traka	noun	hbs	tape	noun	eng
traka	noun	hbs	track	noun	eng
traka	noun	hbs	stripe	noun	eng
soba	noun	hbs	room	noun	eng
stjuardesa	noun	hbs	flight attendant	noun	eng
gužva	noun	hbs	crowd	noun	eng
gužva	noun	hbs	jam	noun	eng
gužva	noun	hbs	melee	noun	eng
gužva	noun	hbs	mêlée	noun	eng
nakaza	noun	hbs	freak	noun	eng
iskaznica	noun	hbs	card	noun	eng
albanka	noun	hbs	Albanian	noun	eng
škola	noun	hbs	school	noun	eng
klupa	noun	hbs	bench	noun	eng
poteškoća	noun	hbs	difficulty	noun	eng
premijera	noun	hbs	premiere	noun	eng
napast	noun	hbs	lure	noun	eng
napast	noun	hbs	nuisance	noun	eng
prevlast	noun	hbs	dominance	noun	eng
pomast	noun	hbs	ointment	noun	eng
pest	noun	hbs	fist	noun	eng
pričest	noun	hbs	communion	noun	eng
propast	noun	hbs	demise	noun	eng
obzirnost	noun	hbs	consideration	noun	eng
pokornost	noun	hbs	obedience	noun	eng
uglađenost	noun	hbs	refinement	noun	eng
uglađenost	noun	hbs	smoothness	noun	eng
unutrašnjost	noun	hbs	inside	noun	eng
unutrašnjost	noun	hbs	interior	noun	eng
valjanost	noun	hbs	validity	noun	eng
vjernost	noun	hbs	devotion	noun	eng
vjernost	noun	hbs	fidelity	noun	eng
vjernost	noun	hbs	loyalty	noun	eng
čestitost	noun	hbs	integrity	noun	eng
proturječnost	noun	hbs	contradiction	noun	eng
bočica	noun	hbs	bottle	noun	eng
bočica	noun	hbs	phial	noun	eng
bočica	noun	hbs	vial	noun	eng
bujica	noun	hbs	flood	noun	eng
bujica	noun	hbs	torrent	noun	eng
buntovnica	noun	hbs	rebel	noun	eng
djelatnica	noun	hbs	employee	noun	eng
doznačnica	noun	hbs	receipt	noun	eng
drhtavica	noun	hbs	tremor	noun	eng
grančica	noun	hbs	branch	noun	eng
groznica	noun	hbs	fever	noun	eng
gubica	noun	hbs	mouth	noun	eng
gubica	noun	hbs	snout	noun	eng
imenica	noun	hbs	noun	noun	eng
izmaglica	noun	hbs	haze	noun	eng
jadnica	noun	hbs	poor thing	noun	eng
kasica	noun	hbs	money box	noun	eng
kasica	noun	hbs	piggy bank	noun	eng
kočnica	noun	hbs	brake	noun	eng
konobar	noun	hbs	waiter	noun	eng
koračnica	noun	hbs	march	noun	eng
koštica	noun	hbs	kernel	noun	eng
kratica	noun	hbs	abbrevation	noun	eng
krčmarica	noun	hbs	inkeeper	noun	eng
kuglica	noun	hbs	ball	noun	eng
kuharica	noun	hbs	chef	noun	eng
kuharica	noun	hbs	cook	noun	eng
kupačica	noun	hbs	bather	noun	eng
kutijica	noun	hbs	box	noun	eng
lavica	noun	hbs	lioness	noun	eng
ljepotica	noun	hbs	beauty	noun	eng
ljevica	noun	hbs	left	noun	eng
ljubavnica	noun	hbs	lover	noun	eng
ljubičica	noun	hbs	violet	noun	eng
lokvica	noun	hbs	puddle	noun	eng
ludnica	noun	hbs	asylum	noun	eng
ludnica	noun	hbs	madhouse	noun	eng
ludnica	noun	hbs	mental hospital	noun	eng
majstorica	noun	hbs	mistress	noun	eng
maloljetnica	noun	hbs	minor	noun	eng
maramica	noun	hbs	hanky	noun	eng
maramica	noun	hbs	napkin	noun	eng
maramica	noun	hbs	tissue	noun	eng
maternica	noun	hbs	uterus	noun	eng
matica	noun	hbs	nut	noun	eng
matica	noun	hbs	queen bee	noun	eng
mitnica	noun	hbs	turnpike	noun	eng
modrica	noun	hbs	bruise	noun	eng
mušica	noun	hbs	fly	noun	eng
naljepnica	noun	hbs	sticker	noun	eng
narukvica	noun	hbs	bracelet	noun	eng
nasljednica	noun	hbs	heir	noun	eng
nasljednica	noun	hbs	successor	noun	eng
natjecateljica	noun	hbs	contestant	noun	eng
ništica	noun	hbs	nothing	noun	eng
ništica	noun	hbs	zero	noun	eng
nožica	noun	hbs	leg	noun	eng
okolica	noun	hbs	environment	noun	eng
okolica	noun	hbs	surroundings	noun	eng
olakšica	noun	hbs	benefit	noun	eng
olakšica	noun	hbs	relief	noun	eng
optužnica	noun	hbs	indictment	noun	eng
oštrica	noun	hbs	blade	noun	eng
ovčica	noun	hbs	sheep	noun	eng
pahuljica	noun	hbs	snowflake	noun	eng
partnerica	noun	hbs	partner	noun	eng
pećnica	noun	hbs	stove	noun	eng
pekarnica	noun	hbs	bakery	noun	eng
pesnica	noun	hbs	fist	noun	eng
pivnica	noun	hbs	alehouse	noun	eng
pivnica	noun	hbs	beerhouse	noun	eng
pivnica	noun	hbs	pub	noun	eng
pjesmica	noun	hbs	song	noun	eng
pjevačica	noun	hbs	singer	noun	eng
plesačica	noun	hbs	dancer	noun	eng
pločica	noun	hbs	tile	noun	eng
pobornica	noun	hbs	supporter	noun	eng
početnica	noun	hbs	beginner	noun	eng
početnica	noun	hbs	novice	noun	eng
početnica	noun	hbs	primer	noun	eng
pogačica	noun	hbs	bannock	noun	eng
pošalica	noun	hbs	jest	noun	eng
posjetnica	noun	hbs	business card	noun	eng
poslanica	noun	hbs	epistle	noun	eng
poslovica	noun	hbs	proverb	noun	eng
poslovica	noun	hbs	saying	noun	eng
potpisnica	noun	hbs	signatory	noun	eng
potpisnica	noun	hbs	signer	noun	eng
povratnica	noun	hbs	repatriate	noun	eng
poznanica	noun	hbs	acquaintance	noun	eng
pravednica	noun	hbs	righteous woman	noun	eng
predsjednica	noun	hbs	president	noun	eng
predstavnica	noun	hbs	representative	noun	eng
prethodnica	noun	hbs	predecessor	noun	eng
pričica	noun	hbs	fable	noun	eng
pričica	noun	hbs	tale	noun	eng
pridošlica	noun	hbs	newcomer	noun	eng
prijateljica	noun	hbs	friend	noun	eng
prijateljica	noun	hbs	girlfriend	noun	eng
prijateljica	noun	hbs	lady friend	noun	eng
prijelomnica	noun	hbs	milestone	noun	eng
prijestolnica	noun	hbs	capital	noun	eng
priležnica	noun	hbs	concubine	noun	eng
prodavačica	noun	hbs	salesclerk	noun	eng
prodavačica	noun	hbs	seller	noun	eng
prodavačica	noun	hbs	vendor	noun	eng
puhalica	noun	hbs	blower	noun	eng
punionica	noun	hbs	bottler	noun	eng
putnica	noun	hbs	traveler	noun	eng
putnica	noun	hbs	traveller	noun	eng
rajčica	noun	hbs	tomato	noun	eng
ravnica	noun	hbs	plain	noun	eng
redovnica	noun	hbs	nun	noun	eng
ribica	noun	hbs	guppy	noun	eng
rupica	noun	hbs	hole	noun	eng
rutvica	noun	hbs	herb -of-grace	noun	eng
rutvica	noun	hbs	rue	noun	eng
ružica	noun	hbs	rose	noun	eng
šačica	noun	hbs	handful	noun	eng
šahovnica	noun	hbs	checkerboard	noun	eng
šalica	noun	hbs	cup	noun	eng
šarenica	noun	hbs	iris	noun	eng
sastavnica	noun	hbs	component	noun	eng
saveznica	noun	hbs	ally	noun	eng
sestrica	noun	hbs	little sister	noun	eng
šezdesetgodišnjica	noun	hbs	60th anniversary	noun	eng
šezdesetogodišnjica	noun	hbs	60th anniversary	noun	eng
šibica	noun	hbs	match	noun	eng
sjemenica	noun	hbs	sperm	noun	eng
skraćenica	noun	hbs	abbrevation	noun	eng
škrinjica	noun	hbs	chest	noun	eng
skupinica	noun	hbs	group	noun	eng
sličica	noun	hbs	card	noun	eng
sličica	noun	hbs	sticker	noun	eng
slikovnica	noun	hbs	picture book	noun	eng
sljedbenica	noun	hbs	follower	noun	eng
složenica	noun	hbs	compound	noun	eng
službenica	noun	hbs	clerk	noun	eng
službenica	noun	hbs	official	noun	eng
smjernica	noun	hbs	guideline	noun	eng
smočnica	noun	hbs	pantry	noun	eng
šogorica	noun	hbs	sister -in-law	noun	eng
spavaonica	noun	hbs	dorm	noun	eng
spavaonica	noun	hbs	dormitory	noun	eng
spremnica	noun	hbs	container	noun	eng
spremnica	noun	hbs	pantry	noun	eng
starica	noun	hbs	old woman	noun	eng
stazica	noun	hbs	path	noun	eng
stepenica	noun	hbs	step	noun	eng
stjenica	noun	hbs	bedbug	noun	eng
stražarnica	noun	hbs	guardhouse	noun	eng
strojnica	noun	hbs	machine gun	noun	eng
stupica	noun	hbs	snare	noun	eng
suputnica	noun	hbs	companion	noun	eng
svjećica	noun	hbs	candle	noun	eng
svjetiljčica	noun	hbs	lamp	noun	eng
tablica	noun	hbs	table	noun	eng
tamnica	noun	hbs	dungeon	noun	eng
tintarnica	noun	hbs	inkwell	noun	eng
točionica	noun	hbs	pub	noun	eng
torbica	noun	hbs	purse	noun	eng
tračnica	noun	hbs	rail	noun	eng
tračnica	noun	hbs	track	noun	eng
trepavica	noun	hbs	eyelash	noun	eng
trepavica	noun	hbs	lash	noun	eng
trgovinica	noun	hbs	store	noun	eng
trogodišnjica	noun	hbs	3rd anniversary	noun	eng
trtica	noun	hbs	tailbone	noun	eng
učenica	noun	hbs	student	noun	eng
učiteljica	noun	hbs	teacher	noun	eng
ulaznica	noun	hbs	ticket	noun	eng
uličica	noun	hbs	alley	noun	eng
ulizica	noun	hbs	bootlicker	noun	eng
uljanica	noun	hbs	oil lamp	noun	eng
uplatnica	noun	hbs	slip	noun	eng
usnica	noun	hbs	lip	noun	eng
uspješnica	noun	hbs	success	noun	eng
usporednica	noun	hbs	parallel	noun	eng
uzbrdica	noun	hbs	uphill climb	noun	eng
uzbrdica	noun	hbs	uphill slope	noun	eng
veselica	noun	hbs	party	noun	eng
vezica	noun	hbs	shoelace	noun	eng
vježbačica	noun	hbs	exerciser	noun	eng
vlasnica	noun	hbs	owner	noun	eng
vrećica	noun	hbs	bag	noun	eng
vrtoglavica	noun	hbs	vertigo	noun	eng
glavica	noun	hbs	head	noun	eng
vrućica	noun	hbs	fever	noun	eng
zadušnica	noun	hbs	requiem	noun	eng
zadušnica	noun	hbs	requiem mass	noun	eng
zavodnica	noun	hbs	temptress	noun	eng
zavojnica	noun	hbs	coil	noun	eng
žbica	noun	hbs	spoke	noun	eng
zbornica	noun	hbs	teacher's lounge	noun	eng
zdjelica	noun	hbs	bowl	noun	eng
zdjelica	noun	hbs	pelvis	noun	eng
željeznica	noun	hbs	railway	noun	eng
ženkica	noun	hbs	female	noun	eng
žeravica	noun	hbs	ember	noun	eng
žigica	noun	hbs	match	noun	eng
žilica	noun	hbs	vein	noun	eng
žitarica	noun	hbs	cereal	noun	eng
žitarica	noun	hbs	grain	noun	eng
zjenica	noun	hbs	pupil	noun	eng
žlica	noun	hbs	spoon	noun	eng
znojnica	noun	hbs	dress shield	noun	eng
znojnica	noun	hbs	sweat gland	noun	eng
zvjezdica	noun	hbs	asterisk	noun	eng
zvjezdica	noun	hbs	star	noun	eng
bjesnoća	noun	hbs	rabies	noun	eng
lakoća	noun	hbs	ease	noun	eng
odvratnoća	noun	hbs	odiousness	noun	eng
odvratnoća	noun	hbs	repugnance	noun	eng
samoća	noun	hbs	loneliness	noun	eng
jasnost	noun	hbs	clarity	noun	eng
kraljevina	noun	hbs	kingdom	noun	eng
debljina	noun	hbs	obesity	noun	eng
debljina	noun	hbs	thickness	noun	eng
povjerljivost	noun	hbs	cofidentiality	noun	eng
ljudskost	noun	hbs	humanity	noun	eng
osjećajnost	noun	hbs	sensibility	noun	eng
osjećajnost	noun	hbs	sentimentality	noun	eng
osobina	noun	hbs	characteristic	noun	eng
osobina	noun	hbs	property	noun	eng
osobina	noun	hbs	trait	noun	eng
padalina	noun	hbs	precipitation	noun	eng
razina	noun	hbs	level	noun	eng
snošljivost	noun	hbs	tolerance	noun	eng
trpeljivost	noun	hbs	tolerance	noun	eng
utaja	noun	hbs	evasion	noun	eng
utaja	noun	hbs	fraud	noun	eng
uvjetnost	noun	hbs	conditionality	noun	eng
pista	noun	hbs	runway	noun	eng
deka	noun	hbs	blanket	noun	eng
elektrika	noun	hbs	electricity	noun	eng
gramatika	noun	hbs	grammar	noun	eng
izlika	noun	hbs	excuse	noun	eng
izreka	noun	hbs	saying	noun	eng
jeka	noun	hbs	echo	noun	eng
keramika	noun	hbs	ceramics	noun	eng
lovorika	noun	hbs	laurel	noun	eng
mlaka	noun	hbs	puddle	noun	eng
muka	noun	hbs	anguish	noun	eng
muka	noun	hbs	torment	noun	eng
navika	noun	hbs	habit	noun	eng
neprilika	noun	hbs	trouble	noun	eng
oporuka	noun	hbs	will	noun	eng
perika	noun	hbs	wig	noun	eng
pneumatika	noun	hbs	pneumatics	noun	eng
tematika	noun	hbs	topic	noun	eng
poduka	noun	hbs	lesson	noun	eng
pouka	noun	hbs	lesson	noun	eng
pouka	noun	hbs	moral	noun	eng
preobuka	noun	hbs	retraining	noun	eng
pripeka	noun	hbs	heat	noun	eng
problematika	noun	hbs	problem	noun	eng
prosjeka	noun	hbs	fire-belt	noun	eng
romantika	noun	hbs	romance	noun	eng
rubrika	noun	hbs	section	noun	eng
šaka	noun	hbs	fist	noun	eng
šaka	noun	hbs	hand	noun	eng
stabljika	noun	hbs	stalk	noun	eng
stabljika	noun	hbs	stem	noun	eng
struka	noun	hbs	profession	noun	eng
tlaka	noun	hbs	corvée	noun	eng
tragika	noun	hbs	tragedy	noun	eng
unuka	noun	hbs	granddaughter	noun	eng
vrbolika	noun	hbs	epilobium	noun	eng
žbuka	noun	hbs	plaster	noun	eng
osoba	noun	hbs	person	noun	eng
besjeda	noun	hbs	word	noun	eng
besjeda	noun	hbs	speech	noun	eng
putovnica	noun	hbs	passport	noun	eng
ševa	noun	hbs	lark	noun	eng
škripa	noun	hbs	creak	noun	eng
škripa	noun	hbs	grate	noun	eng
žaba	noun	hbs	frog	noun	eng
zapremnina	noun	hbs	capacity	noun	eng
žica	noun	hbs	string	noun	eng
žica	noun	hbs	wire	noun	eng
životinjica	noun	hbs	creature	noun	eng
šajba	noun	hbs	windshield	noun	eng
gozba	noun	hbs	feast	noun	eng
izba	noun	hbs	closet	noun	eng
izba	noun	hbs	room	noun	eng
izobrazba	noun	hbs	education	noun	eng
koraba	noun	hbs	kohlrabi	noun	eng
zloba	noun	hbs	malice	noun	eng
zloba	noun	hbs	malevolence	noun	eng
bilješka	noun	hbs	note	noun	eng
obrana	noun	hbs	defence	noun	eng
općina	noun	hbs	municipality	noun	eng
cijena	noun	hbs	price	noun	eng
biciklistkinja	noun	hbs	cyclist	noun	eng
ekskurzija	noun	hbs	excursion	noun	eng
evidencija	noun	hbs	file	noun	eng
evidencija	noun	hbs	record	noun	eng
evidencija	noun	hbs	register	noun	eng
golotinja	noun	hbs	nudity	noun	eng
grofovija	noun	hbs	earldom	noun	eng
halja	noun	hbs	robe	noun	eng
hiperprodukcija	noun	hbs	hyperproduction	noun	eng
hostija	noun	hbs	wafer	noun	eng
kalkulacija	noun	hbs	calculation	noun	eng
kemikalija	noun	hbs	chemical	noun	eng
kneginja	noun	hbs	lady	noun	eng
kočija	noun	hbs	carriage	noun	eng
čistina	noun	hbs	clearing	noun	eng
dubina	noun	hbs	deep	noun	eng
dubina	noun	hbs	depth	noun	eng
elektrana	noun	hbs	power plant	noun	eng
glavnina	noun	hbs	majority	noun	eng
iskopina	noun	hbs	excavation	noun	eng
iskopina	noun	hbs	fossil	noun	eng
izmišljotina	noun	hbs	fabrication	noun	eng
kafana	noun	hbs	cafe	noun	eng
kamenina	noun	hbs	stoneware	noun	eng
karantena	noun	hbs	quarantine	noun	eng
karavana	noun	hbs	caravan	noun	eng
kasarna	noun	hbs	barracks	noun	eng
kavana	noun	hbs	cafe	noun	eng
kilotona	noun	hbs	kiloton	noun	eng
kinodvorana	noun	hbs	cinema	noun	eng
kneževina	noun	hbs	principality	noun	eng
kolajna	noun	hbs	necklace	noun	eng
mana	noun	hbs	flaw	noun	eng
mana	noun	hbs	defect	noun	eng
mana	noun	hbs	manna	noun	eng
oteklina	noun	hbs	swelling	noun	eng
pustopoljina	noun	hbs	wasteland	noun	eng
smjena	noun	hbs	shift	noun	eng
sankcija	noun	hbs	sanction	noun	eng
kondicija	noun	hbs	condition	noun	eng
kupa	noun	hbs	cone	noun	eng
kupa	noun	hbs	cup	noun	eng
repa	noun	hbs	turnip	noun	eng
predsjedateljica	noun	hbs	chairwoman	noun	eng
daska	noun	hbs	plank	noun	eng
bajka	noun	hbs	fable	noun	eng
bajka	noun	hbs	story	noun	eng
ljuska	noun	hbs	husk	noun	eng
ljuska	noun	hbs	shell	noun	eng
lozinka	noun	hbs	password	noun	eng
limenka	noun	hbs	can	noun	eng
ljepenka	noun	hbs	cardboard	noun	eng
građanka	noun	hbs	citizen	noun	eng
guska	noun	hbs	goose	noun	eng
kolijevka	noun	hbs	cradle	noun	eng
kolijevka	noun	hbs	crib	noun	eng
trijeska	noun	hbs	chip	noun	eng
špijunka	noun	hbs	spy	noun	eng
svjetiljka	noun	hbs	lamp	noun	eng
drška	noun	hbs	handle	noun	eng
hiljadarka	noun	hbs	grand	noun	eng
fućkaljka	noun	hbs	whistle	noun	eng
jabuka	noun	hbs	apple	noun	eng
rođakinja	noun	hbs	cousin	noun	eng
veleposlanica	noun	hbs	ambassador	noun	eng
elastika	noun	hbs	elastic	noun	eng
karakteristika	noun	hbs	characteristic	noun	eng
kartoteka	noun	hbs	file	noun	eng
krletka	noun	hbs	cage	noun	eng
pilotkinja	noun	hbs	pilot	noun	eng
vodnica	noun	hbs	sergeant	noun	eng
trema	noun	hbs	stage fright	noun	eng
trema	noun	hbs	jitters	noun	eng
kabina	noun	hbs	cabin	noun	eng
brava	noun	hbs	lock	noun	eng
gljiva	noun	hbs	mushroom	noun	eng
ispostava	noun	hbs	branch	noun	eng
ispostava	noun	hbs	subsidiary	noun	eng
konzerva	noun	hbs	can	noun	eng
tvrdnja	noun	hbs	statement	noun	eng
blagajna	noun	hbs	cash register	noun	eng
brodogradnja	noun	hbs	shipbuilding	noun	eng
cisterna	noun	hbs	cistern	noun	eng
cisterna	noun	hbs	tank	noun	eng
ljekarna	noun	hbs	pharmacy	noun	eng
pekarna	noun	hbs	bakery	noun	eng
urna	noun	hbs	urn	noun	eng
usna	noun	hbs	lip	noun	eng
gospa	noun	hbs	lady	noun	eng
pipa	noun	hbs	faucet	noun	eng
potkrepa	noun	hbs	confirmation	noun	eng
rupa	noun	hbs	hole	noun	eng
šapa	noun	hbs	paw	noun	eng
šupa	noun	hbs	shed	noun	eng
bura	noun	hbs	wind	noun	eng
ljuštura	noun	hbs	shell	noun	eng
matura	noun	hbs	graduation	noun	eng
minijatura	noun	hbs	miniature	noun	eng
pasiflora	noun	hbs	passion flower	noun	eng
pekara	noun	hbs	bakery	noun	eng
pivara	noun	hbs	brewery	noun	eng
pokora	noun	hbs	penance	noun	eng
popara	noun	hbs	panada	noun	eng
pora	noun	hbs	pore	noun	eng
rivijera	noun	hbs	riviera	noun	eng
sfera	noun	hbs	sphere	noun	eng
tiskara	noun	hbs	printing office	noun	eng
zamjera	noun	hbs	resent	noun	eng
zastara	noun	hbs	statute of limitations	noun	eng
željezara	noun	hbs	ironworks	noun	eng
zakrpa	noun	hbs	patch	noun	eng
mašinka	noun	hbs	submachine gun	noun	eng
igračka	noun	hbs	toy	noun	eng
jedinka	noun	hbs	individual	noun	eng
kruška	noun	hbs	pear	noun	eng
pljuska	noun	hbs	slap	noun	eng
praćka	noun	hbs	sling	noun	eng
psovka	noun	hbs	expletive	noun	eng
psovka	noun	hbs	swearword	noun	eng
seljanka	noun	hbs	countrywoman	noun	eng
seljanka	noun	hbs	peasant	noun	eng
spletka	noun	hbs	intrigue	noun	eng
varka	noun	hbs	illusion	noun	eng
varka	noun	hbs	trap	noun	eng
pisaljka	noun	hbs	stylus	noun	eng
novčarka	noun	hbs	purse	noun	eng
lokva	noun	hbs	puddle	noun	eng
bačva	noun	hbs	barrel	noun	eng
britva	noun	hbs	razor	noun	eng
molitva	noun	hbs	prayer	noun	eng
kletva	noun	hbs	curse	noun	eng
spužva	noun	hbs	sponge	noun	eng
poklade	noun	hbs	carnival	noun	eng
poklade	noun	hbs	Shrovetide	noun	eng
vile	noun	hbs	pitchfork	noun	eng
rašlje	noun	hbs	dowsing rod	noun	eng
rašlje	noun	hbs	fork	noun	eng
šifra	noun	hbs	cipher	noun	eng
šifra	noun	hbs	code	noun	eng
šifra	noun	hbs	password	noun	eng
kadetkinja	noun	hbs	cadet	noun	eng
horda	noun	hbs	horde	noun	eng
krivda	noun	hbs	injustice	noun	eng
nepravda	noun	hbs	injustice	noun	eng
nužda	noun	hbs	necessity	noun	eng
nužda	noun	hbs	need	noun	eng
sekunda	noun	hbs	second	noun	eng
veranda	noun	hbs	porch	noun	eng
veranda	noun	hbs	veranda	noun	eng
torta	noun	hbs	cake	noun	eng
cigla	noun	hbs	brick	noun	eng
kugla	noun	hbs	ball	noun	eng
kugla	noun	hbs	sphere	noun	eng
kegla	noun	hbs	pin	noun	eng
polukugla	noun	hbs	hemisphere	noun	eng
tinta	noun	hbs	ink	noun	eng
funta	noun	hbs	pound	noun	eng
lopta	noun	hbs	ball	noun	eng
nevjesta	noun	hbs	bride	noun	eng
pasta	noun	hbs	pasta	noun	eng
pasta	noun	hbs	paste	noun	eng
sekta	noun	hbs	sect	noun	eng
sorta	noun	hbs	sort	noun	eng
varijanta	noun	hbs	variant	noun	eng
etiketa	noun	hbs	label	noun	eng
etiketa	noun	hbs	sticker	noun	eng
flauta	noun	hbs	flute	noun	eng
fronta	noun	hbs	front	noun	eng
kanta	noun	hbs	bucket	noun	eng
gesta	noun	hbs	gesture	noun	eng
krasta	noun	hbs	scab	noun	eng
ambulanta	noun	hbs	clinic	noun	eng
ambulanta	noun	hbs	infirmary	noun	eng
zagonetka	noun	hbs	riddle	noun	eng
zagonetka	noun	hbs	puzzle	noun	eng
patka	noun	hbs	duck	noun	eng
Štajerka	noun	hbs	Styrian	noun	eng
Židovka	noun	hbs	Jew	noun	eng
zvjerka	noun	hbs	beast	noun	eng
ženka	noun	hbs	female	noun	eng
veteranka	noun	hbs	vet	noun	eng
veteranka	noun	hbs	veteran	noun	eng
šminka	noun	hbs	make-up	noun	eng
šminka	noun	hbs	makeup	noun	eng
pečenka	noun	hbs	roast	noun	eng
krinka	noun	hbs	disguise	noun	eng
krinka	noun	hbs	mask	noun	eng
manekenka	noun	hbs	model	noun	eng
bjegunka	noun	hbs	fugitive	noun	eng
ciganka	noun	hbs	gypsy	noun	eng
crnka	noun	hbs	black-haired woman	noun	eng
crnka	noun	hbs	noirette	noun	eng
naslaga	noun	hbs	layer	noun	eng
naslaga	noun	hbs	sediment	noun	eng
laž	noun	hbs	lie	noun	eng
srž	noun	hbs	core	noun	eng
srž	noun	hbs	essence	noun	eng
srž	noun	hbs	marrow	noun	eng
zvijer	noun	hbs	beast	noun	eng
čar	noun	hbs	allure	noun	eng
čar	noun	hbs	charm	noun	eng
stvar	noun	hbs	thing	noun	eng
tvar	noun	hbs	substance	noun	eng
put	noun	hbs	path	noun	eng
put	noun	hbs	way	noun	eng
vlas	noun	hbs	hair	noun	eng
narav	noun	hbs	nature	noun	eng
narav	noun	hbs	temperament	noun	eng
brv	noun	hbs	plank	noun	eng
cijev	noun	hbs	pipe	noun	eng
blagodat	noun	hbs	advantage	noun	eng
četvrt	noun	hbs	district	noun	eng
četvrt	noun	hbs	neighbourhood	noun	eng
četvrt	noun	hbs	quarter	noun	eng
treset	noun	hbs	peat	noun	eng
ćud	noun	hbs	temper	noun	eng
hrid	noun	hbs	cliff	noun	eng
mjed	noun	hbs	brass	noun	eng
gamad	noun	hbs	vermin	noun	eng
propovijed	noun	hbs	sermon	noun	eng
izrabljenost	noun	hbs	wear	noun	eng
zlobnost	noun	hbs	meanness	noun	eng
bezbjednost	noun	hbs	security	noun	eng
bezbednost	noun	hbs	security	noun	eng
osebujnost	noun	hbs	distinctness	noun	eng
beznadnost	noun	hbs	hopelessness	noun	eng
gotovost	noun	hbs	readiness	noun	eng
izravnost	noun	hbs	directness	noun	eng
nehajnost	noun	hbs	improvidence	noun	eng
neugodnost	noun	hbs	inconvenience	noun	eng
neugodnost	noun	hbs	nuisance	noun	eng
neusuglašenost	noun	hbs	inconsistency	noun	eng
tečnost	noun	hbs	fluidity	noun	eng
žeđ	noun	hbs	thirst	noun	eng
nemoć	noun	hbs	weakness	noun	eng
premoć	noun	hbs	supremacy	noun	eng
peć	noun	hbs	stove	noun	eng
žuč	noun	hbs	bile	noun	eng
momčad	noun	hbs	team	noun	eng
pomisao	noun	hbs	thought	noun	eng
zamisao	noun	hbs	idea	noun	eng
grudi	noun	hbs	breast	noun	eng
područje	noun	hbs	area	noun	eng
piće	noun	hbs	drink	noun	eng
umijeće	noun	hbs	art	noun	eng
ukinuće	noun	hbs	abolition	noun	eng
smeće	noun	hbs	trash	noun	eng
grožđe	noun	hbs	grape	noun	eng
izuzeće	noun	hbs	exemption	noun	eng
oruđe	noun	hbs	tool	noun	eng
obilje	noun	hbs	abundance	noun	eng
podušje	noun	hbs	funeral	noun	eng
preobilje	noun	hbs	superabundance	noun	eng
osamostaljenje	noun	hbs	independence	noun	eng
priobalje	noun	hbs	coast	noun	eng
bdjenje	noun	hbs	vigil	noun	eng
bdjenje	noun	hbs	wake	noun	eng
gusarenje	noun	hbs	piracy	noun	eng
gusarenje	noun	hbs	privateer	verb	eng
bičevanje	noun	hbs	whipping	noun	eng
okresivanje	noun	hbs	prune	verb	eng
kovanje	noun	hbs	forge	verb	eng
lijevanje	noun	hbs	cast	verb	eng
bivanje	noun	hbs	be	verb	eng
blaćenje	noun	hbs	slur	verb	eng
brujenje	noun	hbs	buzz	verb	eng
bubnjanje	noun	hbs	drum	verb	eng
bučenje	noun	hbs	make noise	verb	eng
buncanje	noun	hbs	rave	verb	eng
čitanje	noun	hbs	reading	noun	eng
crtanje	noun	hbs	drawing	noun	eng
dodavanje	noun	hbs	pass	noun	eng
dodavanje	noun	hbs	pass	verb	eng
doseljenje	noun	hbs	immigration	noun	eng
iskušenje	noun	hbs	temptation	noun	eng
ispreplitanje	noun	hbs	interweave	verb	eng
izbijanje	noun	hbs	outbreak	noun	eng
izlaganje	noun	hbs	exposure	noun	eng
izlaganje	noun	hbs	presentation	noun	eng
izmirenje	noun	hbs	reconciliation	noun	eng
iznicanje	noun	hbs	evasion	noun	eng
klepetanje	noun	hbs	emergence	noun	eng
kraćenje	noun	hbs	shorten	verb	eng
kraćenje	noun	hbs	trim	verb	eng
krvarenje	noun	hbs	bleeding	noun	eng
kuhanje	noun	hbs	cooking	noun	eng
lajanje	noun	hbs	bark	verb	eng
milovanje	noun	hbs	caress	verb	eng
milovanje	noun	hbs	fondle	verb	eng
naklapanje	noun	hbs	idle gossip	noun	eng
naseljavanje	noun	hbs	settlement	noun	eng
noćenje	noun	hbs	night	noun	eng
obraćenje	noun	hbs	conversion	noun	eng
očuvanje	noun	hbs	preservation	noun	eng
odcijepljenje	noun	hbs	secession	noun	eng
odguravanje	noun	hbs	push	verb	eng
oproštenje	noun	hbs	absolution	noun	eng
oproštenje	noun	hbs	pardon	noun	eng
opterećenje	noun	hbs	load	noun	eng
oslabljenje	noun	hbs	weaken	verb	eng
ostvarenje	noun	hbs	realisation	noun	eng
ostvarenje	noun	hbs	realization	noun	eng
osvježenje	noun	hbs	refreshment	noun	eng
osvojenje	noun	hbs	conquest	noun	eng
otjecanje	noun	hbs	leak	noun	eng
otrovanje	noun	hbs	poisoning	noun	eng
otvorenje	noun	hbs	opening	noun	eng
označavanje	noun	hbs	mark	verb	eng
pomirenje	noun	hbs	reconciliation	noun	eng
posjecanje	noun	hbs	chop	verb	eng
poslanje	noun	hbs	mission	noun	eng
slanje	noun	hbs	send	verb	eng
povraćanje	noun	hbs	vomit	verb	eng
prebivanje	noun	hbs	live	verb	eng
pregovaranje	noun	hbs	negotiate	verb	eng
premišljanje	noun	hbs	hesitation	noun	eng
premišljanje	noun	hbs	hesitate	verb	eng
pretakanje	noun	hbs	decant	verb	eng
proglašenje	noun	hbs	declaration	noun	eng
prosjačenje	noun	hbs	beg	verb	eng
pucketanje	noun	hbs	crackling	noun	eng
rascjepljenje	noun	hbs	tear	noun	eng
raslinje	noun	hbs	vegetation	noun	eng
razmišljanje	noun	hbs	thinking	noun	eng
razrješenje	noun	hbs	dismissal	noun	eng
razrješenje	noun	hbs	resolution	noun	eng
sađenje	noun	hbs	planting	noun	eng
savjetovanje	noun	hbs	counseling	noun	eng
sijevanje	noun	hbs	lightning	noun	eng
sklanjanje	noun	hbs	declension	noun	eng
sklanjanje	noun	hbs	removal	noun	eng
spasenje	noun	hbs	salvation	noun	eng
utemeljenje	noun	hbs	foundation	noun	eng
spoznanje	noun	hbs	knowledge	noun	eng
stajanje	noun	hbs	stand	verb	eng
trovanje	noun	hbs	poisoning	noun	eng
udubljenje	noun	hbs	indentation	noun	eng
ugušenje	noun	hbs	suffocation	noun	eng
umirivanje	noun	hbs	soothe	verb	eng
uređenje	noun	hbs	arrangement	noun	eng
useljenje	noun	hbs	immigration	noun	eng
usmjerenje	noun	hbs	orientation	noun	eng
ustrjeljenje	noun	hbs	shooting	noun	eng
utapanje	noun	hbs	drowning	noun	eng
utvrđenje	noun	hbs	fortification	noun	eng
uvrštenje	noun	hbs	list	verb	eng
uzvišenje	noun	hbs	elevation	noun	eng
vjenčanje	noun	hbs	wedding	noun	eng
vježbanje	noun	hbs	practice	verb	eng
vrebanje	noun	hbs	prey	verb	eng
začepljenje	noun	hbs	clog	noun	eng
začepljenje	noun	hbs	clog	verb	eng
zacjeljivanje	noun	hbs	healing	noun	eng
zakašnjenje	noun	hbs	delay	noun	eng
zaposjedanje	noun	hbs	occupation	noun	eng
zidanje	noun	hbs	masonry	noun	eng
zujenje	noun	hbs	buzz	verb	eng
zvanje	noun	hbs	vocation	noun	eng
zveckanje	noun	hbs	jingle	verb	eng
zveckanje	noun	hbs	rattle	verb	eng
pridruživanje	noun	hbs	association	noun	eng
školstvo	noun	hbs	school system	noun	eng
akcionarstvo	noun	hbs	stockholding	noun	eng
barbarstvo	noun	hbs	barbarism	noun	eng
čarobnjaštvo	noun	hbs	wizardry	noun	eng
otpadništvo	noun	hbs	banditry	noun	eng
poglavarstvo	noun	hbs	city government	noun	eng
poljodjeljstvo	noun	hbs	farming	noun	eng
računalstvo	noun	hbs	computer science	noun	eng
slovenstvo	noun	hbs	slavdom	noun	eng
zarobljeništvo	noun	hbs	captivity	noun	eng
časovničarstvo	noun	hbs	watchmaking	noun	eng
cijepljenje	noun	hbs	vaccination	noun	eng
činjenje	noun	hbs	make	verb	eng
dejstvovanje	noun	hbs	effect	noun	eng
elektroinžinjerstvo	noun	hbs	electrical engineering	noun	eng
sufinanciranje	noun	hbs	co-financing	noun	eng
garantiranje	noun	hbs	guarantee	verb	eng
gazdinstvo	noun	hbs	estate	noun	eng
dizalo	noun	hbs	elevator	noun	eng
žveplo	noun	hbs	sulphur	noun	eng
crijevo	noun	hbs	hose	noun	eng
crijevo	noun	hbs	intestine	noun	eng
šilo	noun	hbs	awl	noun	eng
kolo	noun	hbs	wheel	noun	eng
svjetlo	noun	hbs	light	noun	eng
bjesnilo	noun	hbs	rabies	noun	eng
pojačalo	noun	hbs	amplifier	noun	eng
povećalo	noun	hbs	magnifying glass	noun	eng
rilo	noun	hbs	proboscis	noun	eng
slijepilo	noun	hbs	blindness	noun	eng
ticalo	noun	hbs	antenna	noun	eng
streljivo	noun	hbs	ammo	noun	eng
streljivo	noun	hbs	ammunition	noun	eng
bjelilo	noun	hbs	bleach	noun	eng
bjelilo	noun	hbs	whiteness	noun	eng
blažilo	noun	hbs	softener	noun	eng
bljedilo	noun	hbs	paleness	noun	eng
blještavilo	noun	hbs	glitter	noun	eng
cjepivo	noun	hbs	vaccine	noun	eng
crvenilo	noun	hbs	blush	noun	eng
crvenilo	noun	hbs	redness	noun	eng
crvenilo	noun	hbs	rouge	noun	eng
dlijeto	noun	hbs	chisel	noun	eng
domino	noun	hbs	domino	noun	eng
glasilo	noun	hbs	journal	noun	eng
gnijezdo	noun	hbs	nest	noun	eng
brdo	noun	hbs	hill	noun	eng
gnojivo	noun	hbs	fertilizer	noun	eng
hranivo	noun	hbs	feed	noun	eng
kazalo	noun	hbs	table of contents	noun	eng
kopito	noun	hbs	hoof	noun	eng
korito	noun	hbs	trough	noun	eng
kormilo	noun	hbs	rudder	noun	eng
kormilo	noun	hbs	steering wheel	noun	eng
krdo	noun	hbs	herd	noun	eng
kresivo	noun	hbs	steel	noun	eng
ljepilo	noun	hbs	glue	noun	eng
mjerilo	noun	hbs	measure	noun	eng
mlijeko	noun	hbs	milk	noun	eng
mrtvilo	noun	hbs	apathy	noun	eng
mrtvilo	noun	hbs	deadness	noun	eng
mrtvilo	noun	hbs	lethargy	noun	eng
mudo	noun	hbs	ball	noun	eng
njihalo	noun	hbs	pendulum	noun	eng
onostrano	noun	hbs	supernatural	noun	eng
osjetilo	noun	hbs	sense	noun	eng
plovilo	noun	hbs	craft	noun	eng
počelo	noun	hbs	principle	noun	eng
pokrivalo	noun	hbs	cover	noun	eng
pomagalo	noun	hbs	aid	noun	eng
puhalo	noun	hbs	blower	noun	eng
raspelo	noun	hbs	crucifix	noun	eng
rumenilo	noun	hbs	blush	noun	eng
salo	noun	hbs	fat	noun	eng
sijeno	noun	hbs	hay	noun	eng
sječivo	noun	hbs	blade	noun	eng
sjedalo	noun	hbs	seat	noun	eng
spolovilo	noun	hbs	genitals	noun	eng
stado	noun	hbs	herd	noun	eng
strugalo	noun	hbs	lathe	noun	eng
sušilo	noun	hbs	dryer	noun	eng
tražilo	noun	hbs	viewfinder	noun	eng
učilo	noun	hbs	teaching tool	noun	eng
ždrijelo	noun	hbs	pharynx	noun	eng
željezo	noun	hbs	iron	noun	eng
žito	noun	hbs	wheat	noun	eng
grnčarstvo	noun	hbs	pottery	noun	eng
harmoniziranje	noun	hbs	harmonisation	noun	eng
harmoniziranje	noun	hbs	harmonization	noun	eng
identificiranje	noun	hbs	identification	noun	eng
identifikovanje	noun	hbs	identification	noun	eng
inostranstvo	noun	hbs	foreign country	noun	eng
inžinjerstvo	noun	hbs	engineering	noun	eng
iskapanje	noun	hbs	excavation	noun	eng
ispiranje	noun	hbs	rinse	noun	eng
ispiranje	noun	hbs	rinse	verb	eng
jedenje	noun	hbs	eating	noun	eng
kavaljerstvo	noun	hbs	chivalry	noun	eng
kidnapiranje	noun	hbs	kidnap	verb	eng
konsolidiranje	noun	hbs	consolidate	verb	eng
konfisciranje	noun	hbs	confiscate	verb	eng
konzerviranje	noun	hbs	conserve	verb	eng
kupovina	noun	hbs	purchase	noun	eng
kupovina	noun	hbs	shopping	noun	eng
licemjernost	noun	hbs	hypocrite	noun	eng
ličilaštvo	noun	hbs	whitewashing	noun	eng
ljubožderstvo	noun	hbs	cannibalism	noun	eng
ljudstvo	noun	hbs	manpower	noun	eng
modernizovanje	noun	hbs	modernization	noun	eng
nahođenje	noun	hbs	discretion	noun	eng
naoružavanje	noun	hbs	arm	verb	eng
nominiranje	noun	hbs	nominate	verb	eng
normaliziranje	noun	hbs	normalise	verb	eng
normaliziranje	noun	hbs	normalize	verb	eng
odnošenje	noun	hbs	removal	noun	eng
odredište	noun	hbs	destination	noun	eng
središte	noun	hbs	center	noun	eng
nalazište	noun	hbs	site	noun	eng
mučilište	noun	hbs	place of torture	noun	eng
oficirstvo	noun	hbs	officerdom	noun	eng
ojačavanje	noun	hbs	strengthen	verb	eng
opetovanje	noun	hbs	repetition	noun	eng
ophođenje	noun	hbs	behaviour	noun	eng
osjećanje	noun	hbs	feel	verb	eng
oslobađanje	noun	hbs	free	verb	eng
odcjepljenje	noun	hbs	secession	noun	eng
odcjepljenje	noun	hbs	separation	noun	eng
podrijetlo	noun	hbs	origin	noun	eng
poslastičarstvo	noun	hbs	confectionery	noun	eng
iskrivljenje	noun	hbs	distortion	noun	eng
predosjećanje	noun	hbs	premonition	noun	eng
promatranje	noun	hbs	observation	noun	eng
rastrojstvo	noun	hbs	derangement	noun	eng
ratificiranje	noun	hbs	ratification	noun	eng
reakcionarstvo	noun	hbs	reactionary stance	noun	eng
reguliranje	noun	hbs	regulate	verb	eng
revolucionarstvo	noun	hbs	revolutionism	noun	eng
rvanje	noun	hbs	wrestling	noun	eng
sabiranje	noun	hbs	addition	noun	eng
shvaćanje	noun	hbs	understanding	noun	eng
smaknuće	noun	hbs	execution	noun	eng
snebivanje	noun	hbs	indecisiveness	noun	eng
spremanje	noun	hbs	save	verb	eng
spremanje	noun	hbs	prepare	verb	eng
sredstvo	noun	hbs	agent	noun	eng
sredstvo	noun	hbs	means	noun	eng
standardiziranje	noun	hbs	standardization	noun	eng
starateljstvo	noun	hbs	guardianship	noun	eng
stihoklepstvo	noun	hbs	poetry	noun	eng
sudjelovanje	noun	hbs	participation	noun	eng
svinjarstvo	noun	hbs	pig farming	noun	eng
svjedočanstvo	noun	hbs	testimony	noun	eng
tajništvo	noun	hbs	secretariat	noun	eng
toleriranje	noun	hbs	tolerate	verb	eng
udžbenikarstvo	noun	hbs	textbook making	noun	eng
ugođavanje	noun	hbs	tune	verb	eng
uhićenje	noun	hbs	arrest	noun	eng
uklanjanje	noun	hbs	removal	noun	eng
upozorenje	noun	hbs	warning	noun	eng
usuglašavanje	noun	hbs	harmonization	noun	eng
pleme	noun	hbs	tribe	noun	eng
zaposlenje	noun	hbs	employment	noun	eng
zatopljenje	noun	hbs	warming	noun	eng
staklo	noun	hbs	glass	noun	eng
leglo	noun	hbs	litter	noun	eng
ruglo	noun	hbs	eyesore	noun	eng
tlo	noun	hbs	ground	noun	eng
truplo	noun	hbs	corpse	noun	eng
jato	noun	hbs	flock	noun	eng
jedro	noun	hbs	sail	noun	eng
vjedro	noun	hbs	bucket	noun	eng
uho	noun	hbs	ear	noun	eng
čulo	noun	hbs	sense	noun	eng
hodanje	noun	hbs	walking	noun	eng
izrabljivanje	noun	hbs	exploitation	noun	eng
pogubljenje	noun	hbs	execution	noun	eng
držanje	noun	hbs	attitude	noun	eng
držanje	noun	hbs	hold >	verb	eng
držanje	noun	hbs	posture	noun	eng
izvješće	noun	hbs	report	noun	eng
licemjerje	noun	hbs	hypocrisy	noun	eng
objašnjenje	noun	hbs	explanation	noun	eng
genije	noun	hbs	genius	noun	eng
potkrovlje	noun	hbs	attic	noun	eng
potkrovlje	noun	hbs	loft	noun	eng
punjenje	noun	hbs	charge	noun	eng
rublje	noun	hbs	laundry	noun	eng
rublje	noun	hbs	underwear	noun	eng
spremište	noun	hbs	storage	noun	eng
spremište	noun	hbs	warehouse	noun	eng
uhođenje	noun	hbs	stalking	noun	eng
manevriranje	noun	hbs	maneuvering	noun	eng
manevriranje	noun	hbs	manoeuvring	noun	eng
letenje	noun	hbs	flying	noun	eng
uzlijetanje	noun	hbs	take-off	noun	eng
zanimanje	noun	hbs	interest	noun	eng
zanimanje	noun	hbs	profession	noun	eng
stoljeće	noun	hbs	century	noun	eng
osoblje	noun	hbs	staff	noun	eng
naselje	noun	hbs	settlement	noun	eng
momče	noun	hbs	lad	noun	eng
štene	noun	hbs	pup	noun	eng
seoce	noun	hbs	village	noun	eng
tuce	noun	hbs	dozen	noun	eng
ćebe	noun	hbs	blanket	noun	eng
podne	noun	hbs	noon	noun	eng
rame	noun	hbs	shoulder	noun	eng
sljeme	noun	hbs	mountain ridge	noun	eng
breme	noun	hbs	burden	noun	eng
zrakoplovstvo	noun	hbs	aviation	noun	eng
pješaštvo	noun	hbs	infantry	noun	eng
ostrvo	noun	hbs	island	noun	eng
bratoubojstvo	noun	hbs	fratricide	noun	eng
sukno	noun	hbs	cloth	noun	eng
klupko	noun	hbs	ball of yarn	noun	eng
medij	noun	hbs	medium	noun	eng
medijum	noun	hbs	medium	noun	eng
šok	noun	hbs	shock	noun	eng
pod	noun	hbs	floor	noun	eng
hod	noun	hbs	gait	noun	eng
hod	noun	hbs	walk	noun	eng
med	noun	hbs	honey	noun	eng
slijed	noun	hbs	series	noun	eng
štand	noun	hbs	booth	noun	eng
štand	noun	hbs	stand	noun	eng
svod	noun	hbs	ceiling	noun	eng
ud	noun	hbs	extremity	noun	eng
lijes	noun	hbs	coffin	noun	eng
dur	noun	hbs	major	noun	eng
futur	noun	hbs	future	noun	eng
studij	noun	hbs	study	noun	eng
napoj	noun	hbs	swill	noun	eng
obim	noun	hbs	volume	noun	eng
kalup	noun	hbs	mold	noun	eng
kalup	noun	hbs	mould	noun	eng
ponor	noun	hbs	abyss	noun	eng
ponor	noun	hbs	pit	noun	eng
kolotur	noun	hbs	pulley	noun	eng
kostur	noun	hbs	skeleton	noun	eng
mjehur	noun	hbs	bladder	noun	eng
tanjur	noun	hbs	plate	noun	eng
čir	noun	hbs	ulcer	noun	eng
krumpir	noun	hbs	potato	noun	eng
šešir	noun	hbs	hat	noun	eng
vir	noun	hbs	whirlpool	noun	eng
tur	noun	hbs	butt	noun	eng
flaster	noun	hbs	band-aid	noun	eng
flaster	noun	hbs	plaster	noun	eng
flaster	noun	hbs	sticking plaster	noun	eng
kutomjer	noun	hbs	protractor	noun	eng
neboder	noun	hbs	skyscraper	noun	eng
razmjer	noun	hbs	proportion	noun	eng
razmjer	noun	hbs	scale	noun	eng
brevijar	noun	hbs	breviary	noun	eng
bunar	noun	hbs	well	noun	eng
dar	noun	hbs	gift	noun	eng
honorar	noun	hbs	royalty	noun	eng
inventar	noun	hbs	inventory	noun	eng
kvar	noun	hbs	malfunction	noun	eng
ormar	noun	hbs	wardrobe	noun	eng
šamar	noun	hbs	slap	noun	eng
čopor	noun	hbs	pack	noun	eng
dvor	noun	hbs	court	noun	eng
folklor	noun	hbs	folklore	noun	eng
lahor	noun	hbs	breeze	noun	eng
logor	noun	hbs	camp	noun	eng
nabor	noun	hbs	crease	noun	eng
nagovor	noun	hbs	urging	noun	eng
nazor	noun	hbs	view	noun	eng
novogovor	noun	hbs	newspeak	noun	eng
otvor	noun	hbs	aperture	noun	eng
otvor	noun	hbs	opening	noun	eng
pogovor	noun	hbs	afterword	noun	eng
pomor	noun	hbs	kill	noun	eng
prigovor	noun	hbs	complaint	noun	eng
prigovor	noun	hbs	objection	noun	eng
prodor	noun	hbs	breach	noun	eng
sabor	noun	hbs	parliament	noun	eng
šator	noun	hbs	tent	noun	eng
senzor	noun	hbs	sensor	noun	eng
separator	noun	hbs	separator	noun	eng
televizor	noun	hbs	television	noun	eng
tumor	noun	hbs	tumor	noun	eng
tumor	noun	hbs	tumour	noun	eng
ugovor	noun	hbs	contract	noun	eng
utor	noun	hbs	slot	noun	eng
uzor	noun	hbs	role model	noun	eng
versifikator	noun	hbs	versifier	noun	eng
indikator	noun	hbs	indicator	noun	eng
vihor	noun	hbs	whirlwind	noun	eng
žar	noun	hbs	ardor	noun	eng
žar	noun	hbs	ardour	noun	eng
jarbol	noun	hbs	mast	noun	eng
karneval	noun	hbs	carnival	noun	eng
nemoral	noun	hbs	immorality	noun	eng
vergl	noun	hbs	hurdy-gurdy	noun	eng
izvod	noun	hbs	excerpt	noun	eng
parobrod	noun	hbs	steamboat	noun	eng
spermatozoid	noun	hbs	spermatozoon	noun	eng
urod	noun	hbs	crop	noun	eng
časopis	noun	hbs	magazine	noun	eng
šestar	noun	hbs	dividers	noun	eng
šalter	noun	hbs	counter	noun	eng
prkos	noun	hbs	defiance	noun	eng
opoziv	noun	hbs	recall	noun	eng
upliv	noun	hbs	influence	noun	eng
brzojav	noun	hbs	telegram	noun	eng
dijapozitiv	noun	hbs	slide	noun	eng
izljev	noun	hbs	outburst	noun	eng
kolektiv	noun	hbs	collective	noun	eng
kurziv	noun	hbs	cursive	noun	eng
laksativ	noun	hbs	laxative	noun	eng
napjev	noun	hbs	melody	noun	eng
napjev	noun	hbs	verse	noun	eng
naziv	noun	hbs	name	noun	eng
naziv	noun	hbs	title	noun	eng
odaziv	noun	hbs	response	noun	eng
odsjev	noun	hbs	reflection	noun	eng
ogrjev	noun	hbs	firewood	noun	eng
okov	noun	hbs	shackle	noun	eng
otrov	noun	hbs	poison	noun	eng
pozdrav	noun	hbs	greeting	noun	eng
preljev	noun	hbs	topping	noun	eng
pridjev	noun	hbs	adjective	noun	eng
pripjev	noun	hbs	chorus	noun	eng
priziv	noun	hbs	appeal	noun	eng
rukav	noun	hbs	sleeve	noun	eng
sedativ	noun	hbs	sedative	noun	eng
sustav	noun	hbs	system	noun	eng
podsustav	noun	hbs	subsystem	noun	eng
zahtjev	noun	hbs	request	noun	eng
gnjev	noun	hbs	wrath	noun	eng
kov	noun	hbs	cast	noun	eng
kov	noun	hbs	make	noun	eng
krov	noun	hbs	roof	noun	eng
rov	noun	hbs	trench	noun	eng
zov	noun	hbs	call	noun	eng
rep	noun	hbs	tail	noun	eng
klan	noun	hbs	clan	noun	eng
zmaj	noun	hbs	dragon	noun	eng
puž	noun	hbs	snail	noun	eng
duh	noun	hbs	ghost	noun	eng
uzdah	noun	hbs	sigh	noun	eng
dah	noun	hbs	breath	noun	eng
orah	noun	hbs	walnut	noun	eng
propuh	noun	hbs	draft	noun	eng
razmah	noun	hbs	swing	noun	eng
srh	noun	hbs	edge	noun	eng
srh	noun	hbs	shiver	noun	eng
tepih	noun	hbs	carpet	noun	eng
peh	noun	hbs	bad luck	noun	eng
pleh	noun	hbs	pan	noun	eng
trag	noun	hbs	clue	noun	eng
trag	noun	hbs	trail	noun	eng
crv	noun	hbs	worm	noun	eng
đak	noun	hbs	student	noun	eng
divljak	noun	hbs	savage	noun	eng
lisjak	noun	hbs	astrantia	noun	eng
lisjak	noun	hbs	masterwort	noun	eng
lisjak	noun	hbs	melancholy gentleman	noun	eng
lisjak	noun	hbs	reynard	noun	eng
nećak	noun	hbs	nephew	noun	eng
seljak	noun	hbs	farmer	noun	eng
seljak	noun	hbs	peasant	noun	eng
veseljak	noun	hbs	jolly person	noun	eng
vojak	noun	hbs	soldier	noun	eng
zemljak	noun	hbs	compatriot	noun	eng
zemljak	noun	hbs	countryman	noun	eng
kopitar	noun	hbs	ungulate	noun	eng
Ilir	noun	hbs	Illyrian	noun	eng
pištolj	noun	hbs	handgun	noun	eng
stožac	noun	hbs	cone	noun	eng
ožiljak	noun	hbs	scar	noun	eng
čarobnjak	noun	hbs	magician	noun	eng
čarobnjak	noun	hbs	wizard	noun	eng
mladić	noun	hbs	youth	noun	eng
mladić	noun	hbs	young man	noun	eng
zakonik	noun	hbs	code	noun	eng
zakonik	noun	hbs	law	noun	eng
momak	noun	hbs	boy	noun	eng
momak	noun	hbs	boyfriend	noun	eng
ustanak	noun	hbs	rebellion	noun	eng
smičak	noun	hbs	zipper	noun	eng
valjak	noun	hbs	cylinder	noun	eng
pluća	noun	hbs	lung	noun	eng
kreda	noun	hbs	chalk	noun	eng
peta	noun	hbs	heel	noun	eng
polka	noun	hbs	polka	noun	eng
pobožnost	noun	hbs	piety	noun	eng
posada	noun	hbs	crew	noun	eng
proizvodnost	noun	hbs	productivity	noun	eng
pas	noun	hbs	dog	noun	eng
akropola	noun	hbs	acropolis	noun	eng
zviždaljka	noun	hbs	whistle	noun	eng
uška	noun	hbs	auricle	noun	eng
marka	noun	hbs	brand	noun	eng
crpka	noun	hbs	pump	noun	eng
mudrost	noun	hbs	wisdom	noun	eng
školovanje	noun	hbs	education	noun	eng
štovanje	noun	hbs	worship	noun	eng
žarenje	noun	hbs	annealing	noun	eng
žarište	noun	hbs	focus	noun	eng
bojište	noun	hbs	front	noun	eng
siromaštvo	noun	hbs	poverty	noun	eng
čednost	noun	hbs	chastity	noun	eng
dišni organ	noun	hbs	respiratory organ	noun	eng
govorni organ	noun	hbs	speech organ	noun	eng
probavni organ	noun	hbs	digestive organ	noun	eng
crtani film	noun	hbs	animated film	noun	eng
crtani film	noun	hbs	cartoon	noun	eng
vojni rok	noun	hbs	military service	noun	eng
nadgrobni spomenik	noun	hbs	tombstone	noun	eng
prehrambeni proizvod	noun	hbs	food product	noun	eng
običan dan	noun	hbs	ordinary day	noun	eng
radni dan	noun	hbs	workday	noun	eng
pristupna cesta	noun	hbs	access road	noun	eng
živežna namirnica	noun	hbs	foodstuff	noun	eng
plastična boca	noun	hbs	plastic bottle	noun	eng
robna kuća	noun	hbs	department store	noun	eng
plodova voda	noun	hbs	amniotic fluid	noun	eng
nakladnička kuća	noun	hbs	publishing house	noun	eng
izdavačka kuća	noun	hbs	publishing house	noun	eng
samohrana majka	noun	hbs	single mother	noun	eng
osiguravajuća kuća	noun	hbs	insurance company	noun	eng
damping	noun	hbs	dumping	noun	eng
marketing	noun	hbs	marketing	noun	eng
motor	noun	hbs	engine	noun	eng
upitnik	noun	hbs	question mark	noun	eng
ugljikovodik	noun	hbs	hydrocarbon	noun	eng
prosjek	noun	hbs	average	noun	eng
prosjek	noun	hbs	mean	noun	eng
specifikacija	noun	hbs	specification	noun	eng
provizija	noun	hbs	commission	noun	eng
vol	noun	hbs	ox	noun	eng
rečenica	noun	hbs	sentence	noun	eng
nomenklatura	noun	hbs	nomenclature	noun	eng
aproksimacija	noun	hbs	approximation	noun	eng
perad	noun	hbs	poultry	noun	eng
mjerenje	noun	hbs	measurement	noun	eng
vlasništvo	noun	hbs	property	noun	eng
papir	noun	hbs	paper	noun	eng
uređaj	noun	hbs	machine	noun	eng
škrob	noun	hbs	starch	noun	eng
spol	noun	hbs	gender	noun	eng
strah	noun	hbs	fear	noun	eng
liberal	noun	hbs	liberal	noun	eng
šrapnel	noun	hbs	shrapnel	noun	eng
pila	noun	hbs	saw	noun	eng
metodologija	noun	hbs	methodology	noun	eng
pesimizam	noun	hbs	pessimism	noun	eng
potražnja	noun	hbs	demand	noun	eng
izbjeglica	noun	hbs	refugee	noun	eng
energetika	noun	hbs	energetics	noun	eng
kohezija	noun	hbs	cohesion	noun	eng
tržište	noun	hbs	market	noun	eng
načelo	noun	hbs	principle	noun	eng
pesticid	noun	hbs	pesticide	noun	eng
terapija	noun	hbs	therapy	noun	eng
privatnost	noun	hbs	privacy	noun	eng
vino	noun	hbs	wine	noun	eng
odlučivanje	noun	hbs	decision-making	noun	eng
pribor za jelo	noun	hbs	cutlery	noun	eng
duhan za šmrkanje	noun	hbs	snuff	noun	eng
porez na dohodak	noun	hbs	income tax	noun	eng
studija izvedivosti	noun	hbs	feasibility study	noun	eng
rukavica samo s palcem	noun	hbs	mitten	noun	eng
upala pluća	noun	hbs	pneumonia	noun	eng
pristojba za parkiranje	noun	hbs	parking fee	noun	eng
kanta za smeće	noun	hbs	trash can	noun	eng
sredstvo za smirenje	noun	hbs	tranquilizer	noun	eng
rukavica bez prstiju	noun	hbs	fingerless glove	noun	eng
sredstvo za uspavljivanje	noun	hbs	sleeping pill	noun	eng
postolar	noun	hbs	shoemaker	noun	eng
šofer	noun	hbs	chauffeur	noun	eng
šofer	noun	hbs	driver	noun	eng
žandar	noun	hbs	cop	noun	eng
žandar	noun	hbs	gendarme	noun	eng
žongler	noun	hbs	juggler	noun	eng
recepcioner	noun	hbs	receptioner	noun	eng
recepcionar	noun	hbs	receptioner	noun	eng
ratar	noun	hbs	farmer	noun	eng
kontrolor	noun	hbs	controller	noun	eng
pozor	noun	hbs	attention	noun	eng
oprez	noun	hbs	caution	noun	eng
transfer	noun	hbs	transfer	noun	eng
doticaj	noun	hbs	contact	noun	eng
nasrtaj	noun	hbs	assault	noun	eng
očaj	noun	hbs	despair	noun	eng
preodgoj	noun	hbs	correction	noun	eng
ustroj	noun	hbs	structure	noun	eng
uzgoj	noun	hbs	breeding	noun	eng
uzgoj	noun	hbs	cultivation	noun	eng
dolazak	noun	hbs	arrival	noun	eng
odlazak	noun	hbs	departure	noun	eng
ulazak	noun	hbs	entry	noun	eng
dronjak	noun	hbs	rag	noun	eng
žižak	noun	hbs	weevil	noun	eng
držak	noun	hbs	hilt	noun	eng
predložak	noun	hbs	template	noun	eng
vlastodržac	noun	hbs	potentate	noun	eng
imutak	noun	hbs	fortune	noun	eng
izuzetak	noun	hbs	exception	noun	eng
kućerak	noun	hbs	hovel	noun	eng
popravak	noun	hbs	repair	noun	eng
proplanak	noun	hbs	glade	noun	eng
ručak	noun	hbs	lunch	noun	eng
visak	noun	hbs	plumb	noun	eng
zadatak	noun	hbs	task	noun	eng
završetak	noun	hbs	ending	noun	eng
četrdesetogodišnjak	noun	hbs	forty-year-old man	noun	eng
šezdesetogodišnjak	noun	hbs	sixty-year-old man	noun	eng
imenjak	noun	hbs	namesake	noun	eng
poštenjak	noun	hbs	honest man	noun	eng
sjevernjak	noun	hbs	northerner	noun	eng
slobodnjak	noun	hbs	freeman	noun	eng
učenjak	noun	hbs	scholar	noun	eng
vršnjak	noun	hbs	peer	noun	eng
zanesenjak	noun	hbs	enthusiast	noun	eng
anđelčić	noun	hbs	little angel	noun	eng
poremećaj	noun	hbs	disorder	noun	eng
prebačaj	noun	hbs	overshot	noun	eng
smještaj	noun	hbs	accomodation	noun	eng
odsječak	noun	hbs	section	noun	eng
pristanak	noun	hbs	consent	noun	eng
sanak	noun	hbs	sleep	noun	eng
dečko	noun	hbs	boy	noun	eng
dečko	noun	hbs	boyfriend	noun	eng
gospoda	noun	hbs	gentleman	noun	eng
mora	noun	hbs	nightmare	noun	eng
korica	noun	hbs	crust	noun	eng
čarolija	noun	hbs	magic	noun	eng
falsifikacija	noun	hbs	falsification	noun	eng
ilegalnost	noun	hbs	illegality	noun	eng
kompatibilnost	noun	hbs	compatibility	noun	eng
isprika	noun	hbs	excuse	noun	eng
bijelka	noun	hbs	bream	noun	eng
nespokojnost	noun	hbs	anxiety	noun	eng
nestašica	noun	hbs	shortage	noun	eng
pošteda	noun	hbs	spare	verb	eng
preuzvišenost	noun	hbs	excellency	noun	eng
protumjera	noun	hbs	countermeasure	noun	eng
skupština	noun	hbs	assembly	noun	eng
udobnost	noun	hbs	comfort	noun	eng
vodoopskrba	noun	hbs	water supply	noun	eng
morski pas	noun	hbs	shark	noun	eng
zipka	noun	hbs	crib	noun	eng
žalopojka	noun	hbs	dirge	noun	eng
srećka	noun	hbs	lottery ticket	noun	eng
štipaljka	noun	hbs	clip	noun	eng
tetka	noun	hbs	aunt	noun	eng
prečka	noun	hbs	rung	noun	eng
prepirka	noun	hbs	argument	noun	eng
neznanka	noun	hbs	stranger	noun	eng
njuška	noun	hbs	snout	noun	eng
petoljetka	noun	hbs	five-year plan	noun	eng
prostirka	noun	hbs	mat	noun	eng
desetorka	noun	hbs	ten	noun	eng
čestitka	noun	hbs	greeting card	noun	eng
cjediljka	noun	hbs	strainer	noun	eng
barka	noun	hbs	boat	noun	eng
posvećenost	noun	hbs	commitment	noun	eng
brbljanje	noun	hbs	chatter	noun	eng
čuđenje	noun	hbs	amazement	noun	eng
čuđenje	noun	hbs	wonder	noun	eng
cvrkutanje	noun	hbs	chirp	verb	eng
lađarenje	noun	hbs	rowing	noun	eng
piljenje	noun	hbs	saw	verb	eng
preispitivanje	noun	hbs	review	noun	eng
šepirenje	noun	hbs	swagger	noun	eng
šiblje	noun	hbs	brushwood	noun	eng
škripanje	noun	hbs	creak	verb	eng
špekuliranje	noun	hbs	speculation	noun	eng
štipanje	noun	hbs	pinch	verb	eng
šumljenje	noun	hbs	rustling	noun	eng
šuškanje	noun	hbs	rustling	noun	eng
šuštanje	noun	hbs	rustling	noun	eng
životarenje	noun	hbs	poverty	noun	eng
žongliranje	noun	hbs	juggle	verb	eng
žvakanje	noun	hbs	chew	verb	eng
zviždukanje	noun	hbs	whistle	verb	eng
poštenje	noun	hbs	fairness	noun	eng
godište	noun	hbs	year	noun	eng
prebivalište	noun	hbs	residence	noun	eng
predvorje	noun	hbs	lobby	noun	eng
rasprsnuće	noun	hbs	burst	verb	eng
rodilište	noun	hbs	maternity hospital	noun	eng
olovo	noun	hbs	lead	noun	eng
mijenjanje	noun	hbs	change	verb	eng
restartovanje	noun	hbs	restart	verb	eng
tane	noun	hbs	bullet	noun	eng
dno	noun	hbs	bottom	noun	eng
stegno	noun	hbs	thigh	noun	eng
putenost	noun	hbs	sensuality	noun	eng
ženskost	noun	hbs	femininity	noun	eng
živahnost	noun	hbs	vivacity	noun	eng
živost	noun	hbs	liveliness	noun	eng
nedosljednost	noun	hbs	inconsistency	noun	eng
patentni zatvarač	noun	hbs	zipper	noun	eng
očna jabučica	noun	hbs	eyeball	noun	eng
leđna moždina	noun	hbs	spinal cord	noun	eng
kičmena moždina	noun	hbs	spinal cord	noun	eng
časna sestra	noun	hbs	nun	noun	eng
ružna navika	noun	hbs	bad habit	noun	eng
gimnastička dvorana	noun	hbs	gym	noun	eng
podnositelj	noun	hbs	applicant	noun	eng
anti-damping	noun	hbs	anti-dumping	noun	eng
ulov	noun	hbs	catch	noun	eng
odsjek	noun	hbs	department	noun	eng
toplota	noun	hbs	warmth	noun	eng
premija	noun	hbs	premium	noun	eng
premija	noun	hbs	prize	noun	eng
izvoznik	noun	hbs	exporter	noun	eng
zaposlenik	noun	hbs	employee	noun	eng
ponuđač	noun	hbs	supplier	noun	eng
odlomak	noun	hbs	passage	noun	eng
odlomak	noun	hbs	section	noun	eng
pododlomak	noun	hbs	subparagraph	noun	eng
dodjela	noun	hbs	allocation	noun	eng
pređa	noun	hbs	yarn	noun	eng
pouzdanost	noun	hbs	reliability	noun	eng
adekvatnost	noun	hbs	adequacy	noun	eng
interoperabilnost	noun	hbs	interoperability	noun	eng
računica	noun	hbs	calculation	noun	eng
komponenta	noun	hbs	component	noun	eng
opredjeljenje	noun	hbs	orientation	noun	eng
potraživanje	noun	hbs	demand	noun	eng
razotkrivanje	noun	hbs	disclosure	noun	eng
uzorkovanje	noun	hbs	sampling	noun	eng
upućivanje	noun	hbs	referral	noun	eng
odstupanje	noun	hbs	deviation	noun	eng
upadanje	noun	hbs	crash	verb	eng
trajanje	noun	hbs	duration	noun	eng
sklonište	noun	hbs	shelter	noun	eng
rezime	noun	hbs	resume	noun	eng
opis	noun	hbs	description	noun	eng
sastojak	noun	hbs	ingredient	noun	eng
dodatak	noun	hbs	addition	noun	eng
dodatak	noun	hbs	supplement	noun	eng
povratak	noun	hbs	return	noun	eng
proporcionalnost	noun	hbs	proportionality	noun	eng
čeljust	noun	hbs	jaw	noun	eng
pošiljka	noun	hbs	parcel	noun	eng
dioksid	noun	hbs	dioxide	noun	eng
staratelj	noun	hbs	guardian	noun	eng
metil	noun	hbs	methyl	noun	eng
uvjet	noun	hbs	condition	noun	eng
preduvjet	noun	hbs	prerequisite	noun	eng
milenijum	noun	hbs	millennium	noun	eng
skandalčić	noun	hbs	scandal	noun	eng
razlog	noun	hbs	reason	noun	eng
porezni obveznik	noun	hbs	taxpayer	noun	eng
govornik	noun	hbs	orator	noun	eng
tunjevina	noun	hbs	tuna	noun	eng
prijevoznik	noun	hbs	carrier	noun	eng
izvođač	noun	hbs	contractor	noun	eng
izvođač	noun	hbs	performer	noun	eng
Europljanin	noun	hbs	European	noun	eng
šum	noun	hbs	noise	noun	eng
ured	noun	hbs	office	noun	eng
stavak	noun	hbs	item	noun	eng
stavak	noun	hbs	movement	noun	eng
stavak	noun	hbs	paragraph	noun	eng
podstavak	noun	hbs	subparagraph	noun	eng
opstanak	noun	hbs	survival	noun	eng
migrant	noun	hbs	migrant	noun	eng
izvjestitelj	noun	hbs	reporter	noun	eng
utisak	noun	hbs	impression	noun	eng
pljesak	noun	hbs	applause	noun	eng
pljesak	noun	hbs	clap	noun	eng
poredak	noun	hbs	order	noun	eng
poredak	noun	hbs	ranking	noun	eng
otpadak	noun	hbs	refuse	noun	eng
direktiva	noun	hbs	directive	noun	eng
sumnja	noun	hbs	doubt	noun	eng
skica	noun	hbs	sketch	noun	eng
podpredsjednica	noun	hbs	vice-president	noun	eng
suština	noun	hbs	essence	noun	eng
prilagodba	noun	hbs	adaptation	noun	eng
intenzivnost	noun	hbs	intensity	noun	eng
raznovrsnost	noun	hbs	diversity	noun	eng
dugovječnost	noun	hbs	longevity	noun	eng
ravnoteža	noun	hbs	balance	noun	eng
vjerodostojnost	noun	hbs	credibility	noun	eng
zaposlenost	noun	hbs	employment	noun	eng
nejednakost	noun	hbs	inequality	noun	eng
dostignuće	noun	hbs	achievement	noun	eng
sniženje	noun	hbs	sale	noun	eng
pljeskanje	noun	hbs	applaud	verb	eng
pljeskanje	noun	hbs	clap	verb	eng
obdržavanje	noun	hbs	maintenance	noun	eng
trčanje	noun	hbs	running	noun	eng
pojačavanje	noun	hbs	amplification	noun	eng
obavijest	noun	hbs	notification	noun	eng
pridobivanje	noun	hbs	win	verb	eng
isključenje	noun	hbs	exclusion	noun	eng
izvršavanje	noun	hbs	execution	noun	eng
ishodište	noun	hbs	origin	noun	eng
ograničavanje	noun	hbs	restriction	noun	eng
prilagođivanje	noun	hbs	adjustment	noun	eng
propis	noun	hbs	regulation	noun	eng
koncept	noun	hbs	concept	noun	eng
šef	noun	hbs	boss	noun	eng
doseljenik	noun	hbs	immigrant	noun	eng
prijemnik	noun	hbs	receiver	noun	eng
oporavak	noun	hbs	recovery	noun	eng
učinak	noun	hbs	effect	noun	eng
kvota	noun	hbs	quota	noun	eng
povjerenica	noun	hbs	fiduciary	noun	eng
povjerenica	noun	hbs	trustee	noun	eng
emisija	noun	hbs	emission	noun	eng
supsidiarnost	noun	hbs	subsidiarity	noun	eng
pojednostavljenje	noun	hbs	simplification	noun	eng
uključenje	noun	hbs	inclusion	noun	eng
suodlučivanje	noun	hbs	co-decision	noun	eng
uzgoj riba	noun	hbs	fish farming	noun	eng
živac	noun	hbs	nerve	noun	eng
marš	noun	hbs	march	noun	eng
cjenjen	adjective	hbs	esteemed	adjective	eng
prognan	adjective	hbs	banished	adjective	eng
prognan	adjective	hbs	exiled	adjective	eng
neprimjeren	adjective	hbs	inappropriate	adjective	eng
srednje velik	adjective	hbs	medium	adjective	eng
super	adjective	hbs	super	adjective	eng
fer	adjective	hbs	fair	adjective	eng
neto	adjective	hbs	net	adjective	eng
zreo	adjective	hbs	mature	adjective	eng
zreo	adjective	hbs	ripe	adjective	eng
mio	adjective	hbs	sweet	adjective	eng
kiseo	adjective	hbs	sour	adjective	eng
veseo	adjective	hbs	cheerful	adjective	eng
veseo	adjective	hbs	happy	adjective	eng
veseo	adjective	hbs	merry	adjective	eng
neveseo	adjective	hbs	sad	adjective	eng
smjeo	adjective	hbs	bold	adjective	eng
vruć	adjective	hbs	hot	adjective	eng
tuđ	adjective	hbs	foreign	adjective	eng
smeđ	adjective	hbs	brown	adjective	eng
gorak	adjective	hbs	bitter	adjective	eng
žarak	adjective	hbs	bright	adjective	eng
žarak	adjective	hbs	fervent	adjective	eng
žiro	adjective	hbs	giro	adjective	eng
krepak	adjective	hbs	racy	adjective	eng
krepak	adjective	hbs	strapping	adjective	eng
krotak	adjective	hbs	meek	adjective	eng
krotak	adjective	hbs	tame	adjective	eng
vitak	adjective	hbs	slender	adjective	eng
krhak	adjective	hbs	fragile	adjective	eng
zdrav	adjective	hbs	healthy	adjective	eng
čuven	adjective	hbs	famous	adjective	eng
obrađen	adjective	hbs	processed	adjective	eng
formuliran	adjective	hbs	formulated	adjective	eng
crvenokos	adjective	hbs	red-haired	adjective	eng
oblikovan	adjective	hbs	modelled	adjective	eng
pravovremen	adjective	hbs	timely	adjective	eng
smješten	adjective	hbs	located	adjective	eng
smješten	adjective	hbs	situated	adjective	eng
izgubljen	adjective	hbs	lost	adjective	eng
glačan	adjective	hbs	ironed	adjective	eng
glasovit	adjective	hbs	famous	adjective	eng
prepoznatljiv	adjective	hbs	recognisable	adjective	eng
ukrašen	adjective	hbs	decorated	adjective	eng
ukrašen	adjective	hbs	embellished	adjective	eng
stvoren	adjective	hbs	made	adjective	eng
bakren	adjective	hbs	copper	adjective	eng
kopnen	adjective	hbs	land	adjective	eng
brončan	adjective	hbs	bronze	adjective	eng
glinen	adjective	hbs	clay	adjective	eng
obojen	adjective	hbs	coloured	adjective	eng
zdepast	adjective	hbs	stocky	adjective	eng
pust	adjective	hbs	bleak	adjective	eng
pust	adjective	hbs	empty	adjective	eng
dojmljiv	adjective	hbs	impressive	adjective	eng
izdržljiv	adjective	hbs	durable	adjective	eng
jeziv	adjective	hbs	creepy	adjective	eng
jeziv	adjective	hbs	eerie	adjective	eng
jeziv	adjective	hbs	spooky	adjective	eng
neodrediv	adjective	hbs	indeterminable	adjective	eng
neosjetljiv	adjective	hbs	insensitive	adjective	eng
nepopustljiv	adjective	hbs	unrelenting	adjective	eng
nepovjerljiv	adjective	hbs	wary	adjective	eng
nerazumljiv	adjective	hbs	incomprehensible	adjective	eng
nezanimljiv	adjective	hbs	boring	adjective	eng
nezanimljiv	adjective	hbs	uninteresting	adjective	eng
osjetljiv	adjective	hbs	sensitive	adjective	eng
pokretljiv	adjective	hbs	nimble	adjective	eng
preporučljiv	adjective	hbs	recommended	adjective	eng
razumljiv	adjective	hbs	understandable	adjective	eng
uvjerljiv	adjective	hbs	convincing	adjective	eng
uvjerljiv	adjective	hbs	credible	adjective	eng
uvredljiv	adjective	hbs	offensive	adjective	eng
uzbudljiv	adjective	hbs	exciting	adjective	eng
zanimljiv	adjective	hbs	interesting	adjective	eng
zavodljiv	adjective	hbs	seductive	adjective	eng
preuzet	adjective	hbs	taken	adjective	eng
raznolik	adjective	hbs	diverse	adjective	eng
raznolik	adjective	hbs	various	adjective	eng
trojak	adjective	hbs	triple	adjective	eng
udoban	adjective	hbs	comfortable	adjective	eng
ugodan	adjective	hbs	nice	adjective	eng
privlačan	adjective	hbs	attractive	adjective	eng
odsutan	adjective	hbs	absent	adjective	eng
hotimičan	adjective	hbs	deliberate	adjective	eng
kratkoročan	adjective	hbs	short-term	adjective	eng
brojan	adjective	hbs	numerous	adjective	eng
prijatan	adjective	hbs	pleasant	adjective	eng
finalan	adjective	hbs	final	adjective	eng
rodan	adjective	hbs	fertile	adjective	eng
rodan	adjective	hbs	fruitful	adjective	eng
rodan	adjective	hbs	gender	adjective	eng
stručan	adjective	hbs	expert	adjective	eng
pravokutan	adjective	hbs	rectangular	adjective	eng
metalan	adjective	hbs	metal	adjective	eng
spiritualan	adjective	hbs	spiritual	adjective	eng
brižan	adjective	hbs	caring	adjective	eng
šuman	adjective	hbs	noisy	adjective	eng
potvrdan	adjective	hbs	affirmative	adjective	eng
standardan	adjective	hbs	standard	adjective	eng
natprosječan	adjective	hbs	above average	adjective	eng
zamoran	adjective	hbs	tedious	adjective	eng
zamoran	adjective	hbs	tiresome	adjective	eng
protivan	adjective	hbs	contrary	adjective	eng
akutan	adjective	hbs	acute	adjective	eng
arhaičan	adjective	hbs	archaic	adjective	eng
autoritativan	adjective	hbs	authoritative	adjective	eng
banalan	adjective	hbs	banal	adjective	eng
barokan	adjective	hbs	baroque	adjective	eng
bazičan	adjective	hbs	base	adjective	eng
besraman	adjective	hbs	shameless	adjective	eng
bezbrižan	adjective	hbs	carefree	adjective	eng
bezopasan	adjective	hbs	harmless	adjective	eng
bezuman	adjective	hbs	foolish	adjective	eng
bezuman	adjective	hbs	insane	adjective	eng
bijedan	adjective	hbs	miserable	adjective	eng
budan	adjective	hbs	awake	adjective	eng
bujan	adjective	hbs	lush	adjective	eng
buran	adjective	hbs	tempestuous	adjective	eng
buran	adjective	hbs	turbulent	adjective	eng
centralan	adjective	hbs	central	adjective	eng
degenerativan	adjective	hbs	degenerative	adjective	eng
depresivan	adjective	hbs	depressing	adjective	eng
dokumentaran	adjective	hbs	documentary	adjective	eng
dominantan	adjective	hbs	dominant	adjective	eng
dosadan	adjective	hbs	boring	adjective	eng
dosljedan	adjective	hbs	consistent	adjective	eng
dostupan	adjective	hbs	available	adjective	eng
dugoročan	adjective	hbs	long-term	adjective	eng
fleksibilan	adjective	hbs	flexible	adjective	eng
komercijalan	adjective	hbs	commercial	adjective	eng
genijalan	adjective	hbs	genius	adjective	eng
glasan	adjective	hbs	loud	adjective	eng
glomazan	adjective	hbs	bulky	adjective	eng
grešan	adjective	hbs	sinful	adjective	eng
grozan	adjective	hbs	horrible	adjective	eng
grozan	adjective	hbs	horrid	adjective	eng
inteligentan	adjective	hbs	intelligent	adjective	eng
ispravan	adjective	hbs	correct	adjective	eng
izvanredan	adjective	hbs	extraordinary	adjective	eng
izvoran	adjective	hbs	original	adjective	eng
jednakomjeran	adjective	hbs	uniform	adjective	eng
jednoličan	adjective	hbs	monotonous	adjective	eng
jednoličan	adjective	hbs	uniform	adjective	eng
južan	adjective	hbs	southern	adjective	eng
kompleksan	adjective	hbs	complex	adjective	eng
konzervativan	adjective	hbs	conservative	adjective	eng
kvalitetan	adjective	hbs	quality	adjective	eng
lagodan	adjective	hbs	easygoing	adjective	eng
ljubazan	adjective	hbs	amiable	adjective	eng
ljubazan	adjective	hbs	kind	adjective	eng
lojalan	adjective	hbs	loyal	adjective	eng
masivan	adjective	hbs	massive	adjective	eng
masan	adjective	hbs	greasy	adjective	eng
mjerodavan	adjective	hbs	authoritative	adjective	eng
mutan	adjective	hbs	dim	adjective	eng
mutan	adjective	hbs	matted	adjective	eng
naporan	adjective	hbs	hard	adjective	eng
naporan	adjective	hbs	strenuous	adjective	eng
napredan	adjective	hbs	advanced	adjective	eng
nedjelotvoran	adjective	hbs	ineffective	adjective	eng
nedosljedan	adjective	hbs	inconsistent	adjective	eng
nedostatan	adjective	hbs	insufficient	adjective	eng
iscrpan	adjective	hbs	exhaustive	adjective	eng
neiscrpan	adjective	hbs	inexhaustible	adjective	eng
nejasan	adjective	hbs	unclear	adjective	eng
nekorisan	adjective	hbs	useless	adjective	eng
neosporan	adjective	hbs	undeniable	adjective	eng
nepotreban	adjective	hbs	unnecessary	adjective	eng
nepravedan	adjective	hbs	unfair	adjective	eng
nepravilan	adjective	hbs	irregular	adjective	eng
neprijatan	adjective	hbs	unpleasant	adjective	eng
neprikladan	adjective	hbs	inappropriate	adjective	eng
nepriličan	adjective	hbs	improper	adjective	eng
neprimjetan	adjective	hbs	inconspicuous	adjective	eng
neprimjetan	adjective	hbs	indiscernible	adjective	eng
bankovan	adjective	hbs	bank	adjective	eng
institucionalan	adjective	hbs	institutional	adjective	eng
međuinstitucionalan	adjective	hbs	multi-institutional	adjective	eng
neprofesionalan	adjective	hbs	unprofessional	adjective	eng
neravnomjeran	adjective	hbs	uneven	adjective	eng
nerazuman	adjective	hbs	unreasonable	adjective	eng
nerealan	adjective	hbs	unrealistic	adjective	eng
neslavan	adjective	hbs	inglorious	adjective	eng
nesnosan	adjective	hbs	intorelable	adjective	eng
nesnosan	adjective	hbs	unbearable	adjective	eng
nesposoban	adjective	hbs	incompetent	adjective	eng
nespretan	adjective	hbs	clumsy	adjective	eng
nesretan	adjective	hbs	sad	adjective	eng
nesretan	adjective	hbs	unlucky	adjective	eng
nestabilan	adjective	hbs	unstable	adjective	eng
nestalan	adjective	hbs	volatile	adjective	eng
nestvaran	adjective	hbs	unreal	adjective	eng
netočan	adjective	hbs	false	adjective	eng
neudoban	adjective	hbs	uncomfortable	adjective	eng
neugodan	adjective	hbs	unpleasant	adjective	eng
neukusan	adjective	hbs	distasteful	adjective	eng
neuspješan	adjective	hbs	unsuccessful	adjective	eng
nevažan	adjective	hbs	irrelevant	adjective	eng
nevjerojatan	adjective	hbs	incredible	adjective	eng
nevjerojatan	adjective	hbs	unbelievable	adjective	eng
nevjerovatan	adjective	hbs	incredible	adjective	eng
nevjerovatan	adjective	hbs	unbelievable	adjective	eng
neznatan	adjective	hbs	insignificant	adjective	eng
neznatan	adjective	hbs	negligible	adjective	eng
nježan	adjective	hbs	gentle	adjective	eng
nužan	adjective	hbs	necessary	adjective	eng
objektivan	adjective	hbs	objective	adjective	eng
odličan	adjective	hbs	excellent	adjective	eng
odvažan	adjective	hbs	bold	adjective	eng
odvažan	adjective	hbs	daring	adjective	eng
ogavan	adjective	hbs	disgusting	adjective	eng
okretan	adjective	hbs	agile	adjective	eng
okretan	adjective	hbs	nimble	adjective	eng
okrutan	adjective	hbs	cruel	adjective	eng
opsežan	adjective	hbs	extensive	adjective	eng
opsežan	adjective	hbs	comprehensive	adjective	eng
optimističan	adjective	hbs	optimistic	adjective	eng
otporan	adjective	hbs	resistant	adjective	eng
plodan	adjective	hbs	fertile	adjective	eng
pobožan	adjective	hbs	pious	adjective	eng
pobožan	adjective	hbs	religious	adjective	eng
roban	adjective	hbs	department	adjective	eng
podroban	adjective	hbs	detailed	adjective	eng
poguban	adjective	hbs	deadly	adjective	eng
pohlepan	adjective	hbs	avaricious	adjective	eng
pohlepan	adjective	hbs	greedy	adjective	eng
pokoran	adjective	hbs	humble	adjective	eng
pokoran	adjective	hbs	obedient	adjective	eng
ponizan	adjective	hbs	humble	adjective	eng
ponosan	adjective	hbs	proud	adjective	eng
poslušan	adjective	hbs	obedient	adjective	eng
posredan	adjective	hbs	indirect	adjective	eng
pravedan	adjective	hbs	just	adjective	eng
predivan	adjective	hbs	sublime	adjective	eng
prestižan	adjective	hbs	prestigious	adjective	eng
preziran	adjective	hbs	scournful	adjective	eng
preziran	adjective	hbs	contemptuous	adjective	eng
prijazan	adjective	hbs	friendly	adjective	eng
prikladan	adjective	hbs	appropriate	adjective	eng
prikladan	adjective	hbs	suitable	adjective	eng
primitivan	adjective	hbs	primitive	adjective	eng
primjeran	adjective	hbs	exemplary	adjective	eng
primjetan	adjective	hbs	conspicuous	adjective	eng
primjetan	adjective	hbs	noticeable	adjective	eng
pristojan	adjective	hbs	decent	adjective	eng
prodoran	adjective	hbs	piercing	adjective	eng
radioaktivan	adjective	hbs	radioactive	adjective	eng
raskošan	adjective	hbs	lavish	adjective	eng
raskošan	adjective	hbs	sumptuous	adjective	eng
ratoboran	adjective	hbs	belligerent	adjective	eng
razuman	adjective	hbs	reasonable	adjective	eng
razvratan	adjective	hbs	lecherous	adjective	eng
ritmičan	adjective	hbs	rhythmic	adjective	eng
samotan	adjective	hbs	lone	adjective	eng
savjesan	adjective	hbs	conscientious	adjective	eng
siromašan	adjective	hbs	poor	adjective	eng
sjajan	adjective	hbs	great	adjective	eng
sjajan	adjective	hbs	shiny	adjective	eng
skladan	adjective	hbs	harmonious	adjective	eng
slabašan	adjective	hbs	weak	adjective	eng
smiješan	adjective	hbs	funny	adjective	eng
sočan	adjective	hbs	juicy	adjective	eng
spektakularan	adjective	hbs	spectacular	adjective	eng
sposoban	adjective	hbs	capable	adjective	eng
spretan	adjective	hbs	adroit	adjective	eng
spretan	adjective	hbs	dexterous	adjective	eng
spretan	adjective	hbs	nimble	adjective	eng
spretan	adjective	hbs	skilled	adjective	eng
sramotan	adjective	hbs	disgraceful	adjective	eng
sramotan	adjective	hbs	shameful	adjective	eng
štetan	adjective	hbs	harmful	adjective	eng
strahotan	adjective	hbs	horrendous	adjective	eng
strahotan	adjective	hbs	horrific	adjective	eng
strahotan	adjective	hbs	horrifying	adjective	eng
svakodnevan	adjective	hbs	daily	adjective	eng
tačan	adjective	hbs	accurate	adjective	eng
tačan	adjective	hbs	punctual	adjective	eng
tajan	adjective	hbs	secret	adjective	eng
taman	adjective	hbs	dark	adjective	eng
tolerantan	adjective	hbs	tolerant	adjective	eng
trijezan	adjective	hbs	sober	adjective	eng
turoban	adjective	hbs	bleak	adjective	eng
tužan	adjective	hbs	sad	adjective	eng
ukusan	adjective	hbs	delicious	adjective	eng
ukusan	adjective	hbs	tasty	adjective	eng
uljudan	adjective	hbs	courteous	adjective	eng
uljudan	adjective	hbs	well-mannered	adjective	eng
umjetan	adjective	hbs	artificial	adjective	eng
uman	adjective	hbs	thinking	adjective	eng
uporan	adjective	hbs	persistent	adjective	eng
uporan	adjective	hbs	tenacious	adjective	eng
ustrajan	adjective	hbs	persistent	adjective	eng
utjecajan	adjective	hbs	influential	adjective	eng
velikodušan	adjective	hbs	generous	adjective	eng
vjerodostojan	adjective	hbs	credible	adjective	eng
vjerodostojan	adjective	hbs	trustworthy	adjective	eng
vulgaran	adjective	hbs	vulgar	adjective	eng
zahtjevan	adjective	hbs	demanding	adjective	eng
zahvalan	adjective	hbs	grateful	adjective	eng
zaslužan	adjective	hbs	responsible	adjective	eng
zgodan	adjective	hbs	good-looking	adjective	eng
zgodan	adjective	hbs	handsome	adjective	eng
zgodan	adjective	hbs	pretty	adjective	eng
živahan	adjective	hbs	lively	adjective	eng
živahan	adjective	hbs	perky	adjective	eng
živahan	adjective	hbs	vivacious	adjective	eng
zloban	adjective	hbs	malicious	adjective	eng
zloban	adjective	hbs	malevolent	adjective	eng
nezadovoljan	adjective	hbs	displeased	adjective	eng
nezadovoljan	adjective	hbs	dissatisfied	adjective	eng
nenormalan	adjective	hbs	abnormal	adjective	eng
vlažan	adjective	hbs	moist	adjective	eng
izravan	adjective	hbs	direct	adjective	eng
zvučan	adjective	hbs	sonorous	adjective	eng
zvučan	adjective	hbs	sound	adjective	eng
trenutačan	adjective	hbs	instantaneous	adjective	eng
biljan	adjective	hbs	herbal	adjective	eng
ugovoran	adjective	hbs	contracting	adjective	eng
fragmentaran	adjective	hbs	fragmentary	adjective	eng
gledan	adjective	hbs	viewed	adjective	eng
trajan	adjective	hbs	permanent	adjective	eng
pozvan	adjective	hbs	invited	adjective	eng
nepouzdan	adjective	hbs	unreliable	adjective	eng
bogat	adjective	hbs	rich	adjective	eng
duhovit	adjective	hbs	funny	adjective	eng
duhovit	adjective	hbs	humorous	adjective	eng
izrazit	adjective	hbs	striking	adjective	eng
silovit	adjective	hbs	forceful	adjective	eng
sirov	adjective	hbs	raw	adjective	eng
slikovit	adjective	hbs	picturesque	adjective	eng
sumnjičav	adjective	hbs	suspicious	adjective	eng
temeljit	adjective	hbs	thorough	adjective	eng
tvrdoglav	adjective	hbs	headstrong	adjective	eng
tvrdoglav	adjective	hbs	stubborn	adjective	eng
ljutit	adjective	hbs	angry	adjective	eng
krut	adjective	hbs	rigid	adjective	eng
krut	adjective	hbs	solid	adjective	eng
krut	adjective	hbs	stiff	adjective	eng
strm	adjective	hbs	steep	adjective	eng
motiviran	adjective	hbs	motivated	adjective	eng
motivisan	adjective	hbs	motivated	adjective	eng
živ	adjective	hbs	alive	adjective	eng
grub	adjective	hbs	rough	adjective	eng
glup	adjective	hbs	stupid	adjective	eng
skup	adjective	hbs	expensive	adjective	eng
drag	adjective	hbs	dear	adjective	eng
blag	adjective	hbs	mild	adjective	eng
blag	adjective	hbs	gentle	adjective	eng
mrzak	adjective	hbs	odious	adjective	eng
gladan	adjective	hbs	hungry	adjective	eng
krasan	adjective	hbs	beautiful	adjective	eng
opasan	adjective	hbs	dangerous	adjective	eng
istovrijedan	adjective	hbs	equal	adjective	eng
ružan	adjective	hbs	ugly	adjective	eng
kontinentalan	adjective	hbs	continental	adjective	eng
željezan	adjective	hbs	iron	adjective	eng
zemljopisan	adjective	hbs	geographical	adjective	eng
mekan	adjective	hbs	soft	adjective	eng
tih	adjective	hbs	quiet	adjective	eng
tih	adjective	hbs	silent	adjective	eng
lak	adjective	hbs	easy	adjective	eng
lak	adjective	hbs	light	adjective	eng
puten	adjective	hbs	sensual	adjective	eng
truo	adjective	hbs	rotten	adjective	eng
dostojanstven	adjective	hbs	dignified	adjective	eng
dragocjen	adjective	hbs	precious	adjective	eng
iskren	adjective	hbs	honest	adjective	eng
lakomislen	adjective	hbs	reckless	adjective	eng
lijen	adjective	hbs	lazy	adjective	eng
nadmen	adjective	hbs	haughty	adjective	eng
neodređen	adjective	hbs	undefined	adjective	eng
neodređen	adjective	hbs	unspecified	adjective	eng
neumjeren	adjective	hbs	excessive	adjective	eng
neumjeren	adjective	hbs	intemperate	adjective	eng
neuobičajen	adjective	hbs	unusual	adjective	eng
pošten	adjective	hbs	fair	adjective	eng
šaren	adjective	hbs	colourful	adjective	eng
savremen	adjective	hbs	modern	adjective	eng
smislen	adjective	hbs	meaningful	adjective	eng
suvremen	adjective	hbs	contemporary	adjective	eng
tajanstven	adjective	hbs	mysterious	adjective	eng
tajanstven	adjective	hbs	secretive	adjective	eng
veličanstven	adjective	hbs	glorious	adjective	eng
veličanstven	adjective	hbs	magnificent	adjective	eng
veličanstven	adjective	hbs	majestic	adjective	eng
pregledan	adjective	hbs	examined	adjective	eng
srčan	adjective	hbs	courageous	adjective	eng
autohton	adjective	hbs	indigenous	adjective	eng
human	adjective	hbs	humane	adjective	eng
jeftin	adjective	hbs	cheap	adjective	eng
nepotpun	adjective	hbs	incomplete	adjective	eng
delegiran	adjective	hbs	delegated	adjective	eng
orijentiran	adjective	hbs	oriented	adjective	eng
pouzdan	adjective	hbs	reliable	adjective	eng
pouzdan	adjective	hbs	trusty	adjective	eng
prostran	adjective	hbs	spacious	adjective	eng
slan	adjective	hbs	salty	adjective	eng
redovit	adjective	hbs	regular	adjective	eng
rječit	adjective	hbs	eloquent	adjective	eng
upotrebljiv	adjective	hbs	usable	adjective	eng
čudnovat	adjective	hbs	peculiar	adjective	eng
labav	adjective	hbs	loose	adjective	eng
marljiv	adjective	hbs	diligent	adjective	eng
miroljubiv	adjective	hbs	peaceful	adjective	eng
neredovit	adjective	hbs	irregular	adjective	eng
nestrpljiv	adjective	hbs	impatient	adjective	eng
nevidljiv	adjective	hbs	invisible	adjective	eng
očit	adjective	hbs	obvious	adjective	eng
ohol	adjective	hbs	arrogant	adjective	eng
ohol	adjective	hbs	haughty	adjective	eng
popustljiv	adjective	hbs	indulgent	adjective	eng
popustljiv	adjective	hbs	lenient	adjective	eng
škrt	adjective	hbs	stingy	adjective	eng
svijetao	adjective	hbs	fair	adjective	eng
svijetao	adjective	hbs	light	adjective	eng
nagao	adjective	hbs	impulsive	adjective	eng
nagao	adjective	hbs	sudden	adjective	eng
okrugao	adjective	hbs	round	adjective	eng
okrugao	adjective	hbs	rotund	adjective	eng
rahao	adjective	hbs	loose	adjective	eng
podmukao	adjective	hbs	treacherous	adjective	eng
radoznao	adjective	hbs	curious	adjective	eng
kamen	adjective	hbs	rocky	adjective	eng
kamen	adjective	hbs	stone	adjective	eng
uveden	adjective	hbs	introduced	adjective	eng
povrijeđen	adjective	hbs	hurt	adjective	eng
postavljen	adjective	hbs	appointed	adjective	eng
postavljen	adjective	hbs	set	adjective	eng
preostao	adjective	hbs	remaining	adjective	eng
presječen	adjective	hbs	cut	adjective	eng
potražen	adjective	hbs	sought	adjective	eng
rijedak	adjective	hbs	rare	adjective	eng
utemeljen	adjective	hbs	founded	adjective	eng
usporen	adjective	hbs	slow	adjective	eng
prirođen	adjective	hbs	innate	adjective	eng
prosvjećen	adjective	hbs	enlightened	adjective	eng
kriv	adjective	hbs	guilty	adjective	eng
plitak	adjective	hbs	shallow	adjective	eng
predan	adjective	hbs	dedicated	adjective	eng
pomodan	adjective	hbs	fashionable	adjective	eng
troškovan	adjective	hbs	expense	adjective	eng
obavezan	adjective	hbs	compulsory	adjective	eng
obavezan	adjective	hbs	mandatory	adjective	eng
obavezan	adjective	hbs	obligatory	adjective	eng
prevozan	adjective	hbs	transport	adjective	eng
kontrolan	adjective	hbs	control	adjective	eng
prosvjetan	adjective	hbs	educational	adjective	eng
kamatan	adjective	hbs	interest	adjective	eng
prijelazan	adjective	hbs	transitive	adjective	eng
besplatan	adjective	hbs	free	adjective	eng
ispušan	adjective	hbs	exhaust	adjective	eng
kvantitativan	adjective	hbs	quantitative	adjective	eng
inovativan	adjective	hbs	innovative	adjective	eng
restriktivan	adjective	hbs	restrictive	adjective	eng
sladak	adjective	hbs	cute	adjective	eng
mudar	adjective	hbs	wise	adjective	eng
hrabar	adjective	hbs	brave	adjective	eng
bistar	adjective	hbs	bright	adjective	eng
vedar	adjective	hbs	cheerful	adjective	eng
grupni	adjective	hbs	group	adjective	eng
krevetni	adjective	hbs	bed	adjective	eng
naplatni	adjective	hbs	billing	adjective	eng
razredni	adjective	hbs	class	adjective	eng
prijemni	adjective	hbs	entrance	adjective	eng
odlučujući	adjective	hbs	decisive	adjective	eng
zadovoljavajući	adjective	hbs	satisfactory	adjective	eng
zastrašujući	adjective	hbs	intimidating	adjective	eng
obećavajući	adjective	hbs	promising	adjective	eng
odjekujući	adjective	hbs	echoing	adjective	eng
ohrabrujući	adjective	hbs	encouraging	adjective	eng
dobrovoljni	adjective	hbs	voluntary	adjective	eng
trajektni	adjective	hbs	ferry	adjective	eng
bivši	adjective	hbs	ex	adjective	eng
bivši	adjective	hbs	former	adjective	eng
unutarnji	adjective	hbs	inner	adjective	eng
ljetni	adjective	hbs	summer	adjective	eng
nervni	adjective	hbs	nervous	adjective	eng
nuklearni	adjective	hbs	nuclear	adjective	eng
pogranični	adjective	hbs	border	adjective	eng
proizvodni	adjective	hbs	production	adjective	eng
potonji	adjective	hbs	latter	adjective	eng
svijetleći	adjective	hbs	glowing	adjective	eng
brojčani	adjective	hbs	numeric	adjective	eng
starčevački	adjective	hbs	Starčevo	adjective	eng
kulturološki	adjective	hbs	cultural	adjective	eng
cetinski	adjective	hbs	Cetina	adjective	eng
danilski	adjective	hbs	Danilo	adjective	eng
gospodarski	adjective	hbs	economic	adjective	eng
hvarski	adjective	hbs	Hvar	adjective	eng
keltski	adjective	hbs	Celtic	adjective	eng
krapinski	adjective	hbs	Krapina	adjective	eng
liburnski	adjective	hbs	Liburnian	adjective	eng
lončarski	adjective	hbs	pottery	adjective	eng
neandertalski	adjective	hbs	Neanderthal	adjective	eng
panonski	adjective	hbs	Pannonic	adjective	eng
sjevernoatlanski	adjective	hbs	North-atlantic	adjective	eng
sopotski	adjective	hbs	Sopot	adjective	eng
srednjoeuropski	adjective	hbs	Middle-european	adjective	eng
trgovinski	adjective	hbs	trade	adjective	eng
vučedolski	adjective	hbs	Vučedol	adjective	eng
brodograditeljski	adjective	hbs	shipbuilding	adjective	eng
disidentski	adjective	hbs	dissident	adjective	eng
vinkovački	adjective	hbs	Vinkovci	adjective	eng
londonski	adjective	hbs	London	adjective	eng
novozelandski	adjective	hbs	New Zealandic	adjective	eng
novosadski	adjective	hbs	Novi Sad	adjective	eng
pomorski	adjective	hbs	nautical	adjective	eng
pomorski	adjective	hbs	marine	adjective	eng
pomorski	adjective	hbs	maritime	adjective	eng
baskijski	adjective	hbs	Basque	adjective	eng
srbijanski	adjective	hbs	Serbian	adjective	eng
vakufski	adjective	hbs	Waqf	adjective	eng
dobrovoljački	adjective	hbs	volunteer	adjective	eng
zetski	adjective	hbs	Zetski	adjective	eng
antieuropski	adjective	hbs	anti-european	adjective	eng
antievropski	adjective	hbs	anti-european	adjective	eng
unutarpartijski	adjective	hbs	internal	adjective	eng
intervencijski	adjective	hbs	intervention	adjective	eng
hadžijski	adjective	hbs	pilgrim	adjective	eng
švercerski	adjective	hbs	smuggler	adjective	eng
okorio	adjective	hbs	hardcore	adjective	eng
hranjiv	adjective	hbs	nutritious	adjective	eng
hranjiv	adjective	hbs	nutritive	adjective	eng
svjež	adjective	hbs	fresh	adjective	eng
platežan	adjective	hbs	purchasing	adjective	eng
uvodan	adjective	hbs	introductory	adjective	eng
referentan	adjective	hbs	reference	adjective	eng
paušalan	adjective	hbs	flat-rate	adjective	eng
prosječan	adjective	hbs	average	adjective	eng
regulativan	adjective	hbs	regulative	adjective	eng
ispitan	adjective	hbs	tested	adjective	eng
tekstilan	adjective	hbs	textile	adjective	eng
kreditan	adjective	hbs	credit	adjective	eng
stalan	adjective	hbs	constant	adjective	eng
stalan	adjective	hbs	steady	adjective	eng
matičan	adjective	hbs	main	adjective	eng
matičan	adjective	hbs	registration	adjective	eng
beznačajan	adjective	hbs	insignificant	adjective	eng
izvedben	adjective	hbs	performance	adjective	eng
prehramben	adjective	hbs	nutritional	adjective	eng
prehramben	adjective	hbs	nutritive	adjective	eng
vrijednosan	adjective	hbs	valuable	adjective	eng
kombiniran	adjective	hbs	combined	adjective	eng
priložen	adjective	hbs	attached	adjective	eng
priložen	adjective	hbs	enclosed	adjective	eng
pismen	adjective	hbs	literate	adjective	eng
multilateralan	adjective	hbs	multi-lateral	adjective	eng
tarifan	adjective	hbs	heading	adjective	eng
uvozan	adjective	hbs	import	adjective	eng
vozan	adjective	hbs	vehicle	adjective	eng
izvozan	adjective	hbs	export	adjective	eng
motoran	adjective	hbs	motor	adjective	eng
ulazan	adjective	hbs	entrance	adjective	eng
goveđi	adjective	hbs	beef	adjective	eng
važeći	adjective	hbs	valid	adjective	eng
sudjelujući	adjective	hbs	participating	adjective	eng
anti-dampinški	adjective	hbs	anti-dumping	adjective	eng
dampinški	adjective	hbs	dumping	adjective	eng
tehnološki	adjective	hbs	technological	adjective	eng
računovodski	adjective	hbs	accounting	adjective	eng
inspekcijski	adjective	hbs	inspection	adjective	eng
moguć	adjective	hbs	posibble	adjective	eng
spolan	adjective	hbs	sexual	adjective	eng
alternativan	adjective	hbs	alternative	adjective	eng
cestovan	adjective	hbs	road	adjective	eng
obnovljiv	adjective	hbs	renewable	adjective	eng
usporediv	adjective	hbs	comparable	adjective	eng
kažnjiv	adjective	hbs	punishable	adjective	eng
krizan	adjective	hbs	crisis	adjective	eng
oprezan	adjective	hbs	careful	adjective	eng
prometan	adjective	hbs	busy	adjective	eng
prometan	adjective	hbs	crowded	adjective	eng
postotan	adjective	hbs	percent	adjective	eng
kapitalan	adjective	hbs	capital	adjective	eng
kompatibilan	adjective	hbs	compatible	adjective	eng
intelektualan	adjective	hbs	intelectual	adjective	eng
ovisan	adjective	hbs	addicted	adjective	eng
ovisan	adjective	hbs	dependent	adjective	eng
ekstreman	adjective	hbs	extreme	adjective	eng
razvojan	adjective	hbs	developmental	adjective	eng
ribolovan	adjective	hbs	fishing	adjective	eng
monetaran	adjective	hbs	monetary	adjective	eng
plenaran	adjective	hbs	plenary	adjective	eng
uravnotežen	adjective	hbs	balanced	adjective	eng
društven	adjective	hbs	sociable	adjective	eng
društven	adjective	hbs	social	adjective	eng
sastavan	adjective	hbs	integral	adjective	eng
prioritetni	adjective	hbs	priority	adjective	eng
obvezujući	adjective	hbs	binding	adjective	eng
postojeći	adjective	hbs	existing	adjective	eng
biološki	adjective	hbs	biological	adjective	eng
kohezijski	adjective	hbs	cohesion	adjective	eng
urugvajski	adjective	hbs	Uruguayan	adjective	eng
staklenički	adjective	hbs	greenhouse	adjective	eng
sintetički	adjective	hbs	synthetic	adjective	eng
statistički	adjective	hbs	statistical	adjective	eng
računski	adjective	hbs	counting	adjective	eng
nijedan	adjective	hbs	none	adjective	eng
Abdullah	properNoun	hbs	Abdullah	properNoun	eng
Gul	properNoun	hbs	Gul	properNoun	eng
Olli	properNoun	hbs	Olli	properNoun	eng
Thaci	properNoun	hbs	Thaci	properNoun	eng
Sequi	properNoun	hbs	Sequi	properNoun	eng
Tae-Se	properNoun	hbs	Tae-Se	properNoun	eng
SAA	properNoun	hbs	SAA	properNoun	eng
Palčica	properNoun	hbs	Thumbelina	properNoun	eng
del Ponte	properNoun	hbs	del Ponte	properNoun	eng
Janko	properNoun	hbs	Janko	properNoun	eng
Janko	properNoun	hbs	Janko	properNoun	eng
Marko	properNoun	hbs	Marko	properNoun	eng
Miro	properNoun	hbs	Miro	properNoun	eng
Miro	properNoun	hbs	Miro	properNoun	eng
Rexhepi	properNoun	hbs	Rexhepi	properNoun	eng
Gaspari	properNoun	hbs	Gaspari	properNoun	eng
Erdogan	properNoun	hbs	Erdogan	properNoun	eng
Sadik	properNoun	hbs	Sadik	properNoun	eng
Washington	properNoun	hbs	Washington	properNoun	eng
Washington	properNoun	hbs	Washington	properNoun	eng
Kramberger	properNoun	hbs	Kramberger	properNoun	eng
Hušnjak	properNoun	hbs	Hušnjak	properNoun	eng
Čeh	properNoun	hbs	Čeh	properNoun	eng
Česen	properNoun	hbs	Česen	properNoun	eng
Šešok	properNoun	hbs	Šešok	properNoun	eng
Šetinc	properNoun	hbs	Šetinc	properNoun	eng
Školč	properNoun	hbs	Školč	properNoun	eng
Štefan	properNoun	hbs	Štefan	properNoun	eng
Štefan	properNoun	hbs	Štefan	properNoun	eng
Šturm	properNoun	hbs	Šturm	properNoun	eng
Krneta	properNoun	hbs	Krneta	properNoun	eng
Janša	properNoun	hbs	Janša	properNoun	eng
Franca	properNoun	hbs	Franca	properNoun	eng
Geržina	properNoun	hbs	Geržina	properNoun	eng
Berisha	properNoun	hbs	Berisha	properNoun	eng
Tomšič	properNoun	hbs	Tomšič	properNoun	eng
Župančič	properNoun	hbs	Župančič	properNoun	eng
Jelinčič	properNoun	hbs	Jelinčič	properNoun	eng
Kavčič	properNoun	hbs	Kavčič	properNoun	eng
Gorjanović	properNoun	hbs	Gorjanović	properNoun	eng
Kirković	properNoun	hbs	Kirković	properNoun	eng
Keleketić	properNoun	hbs	Keleketić	properNoun	eng
Milutinović	properNoun	hbs	Milutinović	properNoun	eng
Stambolić	properNoun	hbs	Stambolić	properNoun	eng
Pavković	properNoun	hbs	Pavković	properNoun	eng
Vukčević	properNoun	hbs	Vukčević	properNoun	eng
Davinić	properNoun	hbs	Davinić	properNoun	eng
Karić	properNoun	hbs	Karić	properNoun	eng
Kovačević	properNoun	hbs	Kovačević	properNoun	eng
Đinđić	properNoun	hbs	Đinđić	properNoun	eng
Đorđević	properNoun	hbs	Đorđević	properNoun	eng
Đukanović	properNoun	hbs	Đukanović	properNoun	eng
Josipović	properNoun	hbs	Josipović	properNoun	eng
Janković	properNoun	hbs	Janković	properNoun	eng
Jeremić	properNoun	hbs	Jeremić	properNoun	eng
Jovanović	properNoun	hbs	Jovanović	properNoun	eng
Jocić	properNoun	hbs	Jocić	properNoun	eng
Ljajić	properNoun	hbs	Ljajić	properNoun	eng
Vignjević	properNoun	hbs	Vignjević	properNoun	eng
Vujanović	properNoun	hbs	Vujanović	properNoun	eng
Dinkić	properNoun	hbs	Dinkić	properNoun	eng
Drašković	properNoun	hbs	Drašković	properNoun	eng
Živković	properNoun	hbs	Živković	properNoun	eng
Ivanić	properNoun	hbs	Ivanić	properNoun	eng
Ivanović	properNoun	hbs	Ivanović	properNoun	eng
Karadžić	properNoun	hbs	Karadžić	properNoun	eng
Kostelić	properNoun	hbs	Kostelić	properNoun	eng
Lukić	properNoun	hbs	Lukić	properNoun	eng
Mandić	properNoun	hbs	Mandić	properNoun	eng
Marković	properNoun	hbs	Marković	properNoun	eng
Marović	properNoun	hbs	Marović	properNoun	eng
Mesić	properNoun	hbs	Mesić	properNoun	eng
Mikerević	properNoun	hbs	Mikerević	properNoun	eng
Milošević	properNoun	hbs	Milošević	properNoun	eng
Mladić	properNoun	hbs	Mladić	properNoun	eng
Nikolić	properNoun	hbs	Nikolić	properNoun	eng
Radić	properNoun	hbs	Radić	properNoun	eng
Radovanović	properNoun	hbs	Radovanović	properNoun	eng
Samardžić	properNoun	hbs	Samardžić	properNoun	eng
Svilanović	properNoun	hbs	Svilanović	properNoun	eng
Silajdžić	properNoun	hbs	Silajdžić	properNoun	eng
Stanišić	properNoun	hbs	Stanišić	properNoun	eng
Stanković	properNoun	hbs	Stanković	properNoun	eng
Tadić	properNoun	hbs	Tadić	properNoun	eng
Terzić	properNoun	hbs	Terzić	properNoun	eng
Tihić	properNoun	hbs	Tihić	properNoun	eng
Hadžić	properNoun	hbs	Hadžić	properNoun	eng
Čavić	properNoun	hbs	Čavić	properNoun	eng
Čović	properNoun	hbs	Čović	properNoun	eng
Špirić	properNoun	hbs	Špirić	properNoun	eng
Saić	properNoun	hbs	Saić	properNoun	eng
Sajić	properNoun	hbs	Sajić	properNoun	eng
Đaković	properNoun	hbs	Đaković	properNoun	eng
Đanković	properNoun	hbs	Đanković	properNoun	eng
Đapić	properNoun	hbs	Đapić	properNoun	eng
Đelić	properNoun	hbs	Đelić	properNoun	eng
Đerić	properNoun	hbs	Đerić	properNoun	eng
Đerković	properNoun	hbs	Đerković	properNoun	eng
Đidić	properNoun	hbs	Đidić	properNoun	eng
Đikanović	properNoun	hbs	Đikanović	properNoun	eng
Đikić	properNoun	hbs	Đikić	properNoun	eng
Đilerdžić	properNoun	hbs	Đilerdžić	properNoun	eng
Đinić	properNoun	hbs	Đinić	properNoun	eng
Đogović	properNoun	hbs	Đogović	properNoun	eng
Đokić	properNoun	hbs	Đokić	properNoun	eng
Đoković	properNoun	hbs	Đoković	properNoun	eng
Đukić	properNoun	hbs	Đukić	properNoun	eng
Đuknović	properNoun	hbs	Đuknović	properNoun	eng
Đuretić	properNoun	hbs	Đuretić	properNoun	eng
Đurić	properNoun	hbs	Đurić	properNoun	eng
Đurković	properNoun	hbs	Đurković	properNoun	eng
Đurović	properNoun	hbs	Đurović	properNoun	eng
Đurđević	properNoun	hbs	Đurđević	properNoun	eng
Đurđić	properNoun	hbs	Đurđić	properNoun	eng
Đujanović	properNoun	hbs	Đujanović	properNoun	eng
Jadrijević	properNoun	hbs	Jadrijević	properNoun	eng
Jakić	properNoun	hbs	Jakić	properNoun	eng
Jaknović	properNoun	hbs	Jaknović	properNoun	eng
Jakovljević	properNoun	hbs	Jakovljević	properNoun	eng
Jaksić	properNoun	hbs	Jaksić	properNoun	eng
Jakšić	properNoun	hbs	Jakšić	properNoun	eng
Jalić	properNoun	hbs	Jalić	properNoun	eng
Janačković	properNoun	hbs	Janačković	properNoun	eng
Jandrić	properNoun	hbs	Jandrić	properNoun	eng
Jandroković	properNoun	hbs	Jandroković	properNoun	eng
Janičiević	properNoun	hbs	Janičiević	properNoun	eng
Janić	properNoun	hbs	Janić	properNoun	eng
Janović	properNoun	hbs	Janović	properNoun	eng
Jančić	properNoun	hbs	Jančić	properNoun	eng
Jarić	properNoun	hbs	Jarić	properNoun	eng
Jasović	properNoun	hbs	Jasović	properNoun	eng
Jahić	properNoun	hbs	Jahić	properNoun	eng
Janjić	properNoun	hbs	Janjić	properNoun	eng
Jević	properNoun	hbs	Jević	properNoun	eng
Jevremović	properNoun	hbs	Jevremović	properNoun	eng
Jevrić	properNoun	hbs	Jevrić	properNoun	eng
Jevtić	properNoun	hbs	Jevtić	properNoun	eng
Jekić	properNoun	hbs	Jekić	properNoun	eng
Jeknić	properNoun	hbs	Jeknić	properNoun	eng
Jelavić	properNoun	hbs	Jelavić	properNoun	eng
Jelasić	properNoun	hbs	Jelasić	properNoun	eng
Jelačić	properNoun	hbs	Jelačić	properNoun	eng
Jelašić	properNoun	hbs	Jelašić	properNoun	eng
Jelinić	properNoun	hbs	Jelinić	properNoun	eng
Jelić	properNoun	hbs	Jelić	properNoun	eng
Jelusić	properNoun	hbs	Jelusić	properNoun	eng
Jelušić	properNoun	hbs	Jelušić	properNoun	eng
Jeničević	properNoun	hbs	Jeničević	properNoun	eng
Jergović	properNoun	hbs	Jergović	properNoun	eng
Jerinić	properNoun	hbs	Jerinić	properNoun	eng
Jesić	properNoun	hbs	Jesić	properNoun	eng
Jeftić	properNoun	hbs	Jeftić	properNoun	eng
Jovičević	properNoun	hbs	Jovičević	properNoun	eng
Jovičić	properNoun	hbs	Jovičić	properNoun	eng
Jović	properNoun	hbs	Jović	properNoun	eng
Jovićić	properNoun	hbs	Jovićić	properNoun	eng
Jovović	properNoun	hbs	Jovović	properNoun	eng
Jozić	properNoun	hbs	Jozić	properNoun	eng
Jokić	properNoun	hbs	Jokić	properNoun	eng
Joković	properNoun	hbs	Joković	properNoun	eng
Joksimović	properNoun	hbs	Joksimović	properNoun	eng
Jolović	properNoun	hbs	Jolović	properNoun	eng
Josić	properNoun	hbs	Josić	properNoun	eng
Jotić	properNoun	hbs	Jotić	properNoun	eng
Johić	properNoun	hbs	Johić	properNoun	eng
Jočić	properNoun	hbs	Jočić	properNoun	eng
Jojić	properNoun	hbs	Jojić	properNoun	eng
Jojković	properNoun	hbs	Jojković	properNoun	eng
Jukić	properNoun	hbs	Jukić	properNoun	eng
Jurević	properNoun	hbs	Jurević	properNoun	eng
Jurinović	properNoun	hbs	Jurinović	properNoun	eng
Juričić	properNoun	hbs	Juričić	properNoun	eng
Jurišić	properNoun	hbs	Jurišić	properNoun	eng
Jurić	properNoun	hbs	Jurić	properNoun	eng
Jurčević	properNoun	hbs	Jurčević	properNoun	eng
Jurčić	properNoun	hbs	Jurčić	properNoun	eng
Jusić	properNoun	hbs	Jusić	properNoun	eng
Jusufbašić	properNoun	hbs	Jusufbašić	properNoun	eng
Jusufović	properNoun	hbs	Jusufović	properNoun	eng
Jučić	properNoun	hbs	Jučić	properNoun	eng
Ljaić	properNoun	hbs	Ljaić	properNoun	eng
Ljubičić	properNoun	hbs	Ljubičić	properNoun	eng
Ljubić	properNoun	hbs	Ljubić	properNoun	eng
Ljubojević	properNoun	hbs	Ljubojević	properNoun	eng
Ćeleketić	properNoun	hbs	Ćeleketić	properNoun	eng
Ćirković	properNoun	hbs	Ćirković	properNoun	eng
Džaferović	properNoun	hbs	Džaferović	properNoun	eng
Dželić	properNoun	hbs	Dželić	properNoun	eng
Džidić	properNoun	hbs	Džidić	properNoun	eng
Džinić	properNoun	hbs	Džinić	properNoun	eng
Džihanović	properNoun	hbs	Džihanović	properNoun	eng
Džoić	properNoun	hbs	Džoić	properNoun	eng
Džokić	properNoun	hbs	Džokić	properNoun	eng
Džombić	properNoun	hbs	Džombić	properNoun	eng
Džukanović	properNoun	hbs	Džukanović	properNoun	eng
Džudžević	properNoun	hbs	Džudžević	properNoun	eng
Abazović	properNoun	hbs	Abazović	properNoun	eng
Abramović	properNoun	hbs	Abramović	properNoun	eng
Abrašević	properNoun	hbs	Abrašević	properNoun	eng
Avdić	properNoun	hbs	Avdić	properNoun	eng
Avramović	properNoun	hbs	Avramović	properNoun	eng
Agotić	properNoun	hbs	Agotić	properNoun	eng
Adamović	properNoun	hbs	Adamović	properNoun	eng
Adlesić	properNoun	hbs	Adlesić	properNoun	eng
Adlešić	properNoun	hbs	Adlešić	properNoun	eng
Azirović	properNoun	hbs	Azirović	properNoun	eng
Alagić	properNoun	hbs	Alagić	properNoun	eng
Albijanić	properNoun	hbs	Albijanić	properNoun	eng
Aleksandrović	properNoun	hbs	Aleksandrović	properNoun	eng
Alibašić	properNoun	hbs	Alibašić	properNoun	eng
Aligrudić	properNoun	hbs	Aligrudić	properNoun	eng
Alimpić	properNoun	hbs	Alimpić	properNoun	eng
Alispahić	properNoun	hbs	Alispahić	properNoun	eng
Alić	properNoun	hbs	Alić	properNoun	eng
Anastasiejević	properNoun	hbs	Anastasiejević	properNoun	eng
Anastasijević	properNoun	hbs	Anastasijević	properNoun	eng
Andrić	properNoun	hbs	Andrić	properNoun	eng
Anić	properNoun	hbs	Anić	properNoun	eng
Antičević	properNoun	hbs	Antičević	properNoun	eng
Antić	properNoun	hbs	Antić	properNoun	eng
Antićević	properNoun	hbs	Antićević	properNoun	eng
Antović	properNoun	hbs	Antović	properNoun	eng
Antonić	properNoun	hbs	Antonić	properNoun	eng
Antunović	properNoun	hbs	Antunović	properNoun	eng
Ančić	properNoun	hbs	Ančić	properNoun	eng
Anđelković	properNoun	hbs	Anđelković	properNoun	eng
Arambašić	properNoun	hbs	Arambašić	properNoun	eng
Arapović	properNoun	hbs	Arapović	properNoun	eng
Arlović	properNoun	hbs	Arlović	properNoun	eng
Arsenijević	properNoun	hbs	Arsenijević	properNoun	eng
Arsenović	properNoun	hbs	Arsenović	properNoun	eng
Arsić	properNoun	hbs	Arsić	properNoun	eng
Arsović	properNoun	hbs	Arsović	properNoun	eng
Atanasijević	properNoun	hbs	Atanasijević	properNoun	eng
Atanačković	properNoun	hbs	Atanačković	properNoun	eng
Ahmetagić	properNoun	hbs	Ahmetagić	properNoun	eng
Acimović	properNoun	hbs	Acimović	properNoun	eng
Ajanović	properNoun	hbs	Ajanović	properNoun	eng
Ajvanović	properNoun	hbs	Ajvanović	properNoun	eng
Ajduković	properNoun	hbs	Ajduković	properNoun	eng
Aćimović	properNoun	hbs	Aćimović	properNoun	eng
Babić	properNoun	hbs	Babić	properNoun	eng
Bagarić	properNoun	hbs	Bagarić	properNoun	eng
Bagić	properNoun	hbs	Bagić	properNoun	eng
Bakić	properNoun	hbs	Bakić	properNoun	eng
Baković	properNoun	hbs	Baković	properNoun	eng
Balić	properNoun	hbs	Balić	properNoun	eng
Baltazarević	properNoun	hbs	Baltazarević	properNoun	eng
Bandić	properNoun	hbs	Bandić	properNoun	eng
Banić	properNoun	hbs	Banić	properNoun	eng
Banović	properNoun	hbs	Banović	properNoun	eng
Barbarić	properNoun	hbs	Barbarić	properNoun	eng
Barišić	properNoun	hbs	Barišić	properNoun	eng
Barić	properNoun	hbs	Barić	properNoun	eng
Barović	properNoun	hbs	Barović	properNoun	eng
Barčić	properNoun	hbs	Barčić	properNoun	eng
Bataković	properNoun	hbs	Bataković	properNoun	eng
Batinić	properNoun	hbs	Batinić	properNoun	eng
Batić	properNoun	hbs	Batić	properNoun	eng
Batričević	properNoun	hbs	Batričević	properNoun	eng
Backović	properNoun	hbs	Backović	properNoun	eng
Bačinović	properNoun	hbs	Bačinović	properNoun	eng
Bačković	properNoun	hbs	Bačković	properNoun	eng
Bašević	properNoun	hbs	Bašević	properNoun	eng
Bašić	properNoun	hbs	Bašić	properNoun	eng
Bajatović	properNoun	hbs	Bajatović	properNoun	eng
Bajić	properNoun	hbs	Bajić	properNoun	eng
Bajramović	properNoun	hbs	Bajramović	properNoun	eng
Bajrić	properNoun	hbs	Bajrić	properNoun	eng
Badžiomerović	properNoun	hbs	Badžiomerović	properNoun	eng
Bebić	properNoun	hbs	Bebić	properNoun	eng
Begić	properNoun	hbs	Begić	properNoun	eng
Begović	properNoun	hbs	Begović	properNoun	eng
Begtašević	properNoun	hbs	Begtašević	properNoun	eng
Bezarević	properNoun	hbs	Bezarević	properNoun	eng
Bekirbašić	properNoun	hbs	Bekirbašić	properNoun	eng
Bekić	properNoun	hbs	Bekić	properNoun	eng
Beklević	properNoun	hbs	Beklević	properNoun	eng
Bektašević	properNoun	hbs	Bektašević	properNoun	eng
Belić	properNoun	hbs	Belić	properNoun	eng
Belkić	properNoun	hbs	Belkić	properNoun	eng
Berbić	properNoun	hbs	Berbić	properNoun	eng
Besić	properNoun	hbs	Besić	properNoun	eng
Becović	properNoun	hbs	Becović	properNoun	eng
Bečibašić	properNoun	hbs	Bečibašić	properNoun	eng
Bečierbašić	properNoun	hbs	Bečierbašić	properNoun	eng
Bečiragić	properNoun	hbs	Bečiragić	properNoun	eng
Bečirbašić	properNoun	hbs	Bečirbašić	properNoun	eng
Bečirović	properNoun	hbs	Bečirović	properNoun	eng
Bešibašić	properNoun	hbs	Bešibašić	properNoun	eng
Bešlić	properNoun	hbs	Bešlić	properNoun	eng
Bejtić	properNoun	hbs	Bejtić	properNoun	eng
Bikić	properNoun	hbs	Bikić	properNoun	eng
Bilajbegović	properNoun	hbs	Bilajbegović	properNoun	eng
Bilić	properNoun	hbs	Bilić	properNoun	eng
Bisić	properNoun	hbs	Bisić	properNoun	eng
Biskupić	properNoun	hbs	Biskupić	properNoun	eng
Bičakčić	properNoun	hbs	Bičakčić	properNoun	eng
Bišić	properNoun	hbs	Bišić	properNoun	eng
Biščević	properNoun	hbs	Biščević	properNoun	eng
Blagaić	properNoun	hbs	Blagaić	properNoun	eng
Blagić	properNoun	hbs	Blagić	properNoun	eng
Blagojević	properNoun	hbs	Blagojević	properNoun	eng
Blažević	properNoun	hbs	Blažević	properNoun	eng
Blaškić	properNoun	hbs	Blaškić	properNoun	eng
Bogdanić	properNoun	hbs	Bogdanić	properNoun	eng
Bogdanović	properNoun	hbs	Bogdanović	properNoun	eng
Bogičević	properNoun	hbs	Bogičević	properNoun	eng
Bogosavljević	properNoun	hbs	Bogosavljević	properNoun	eng
Bogojević	properNoun	hbs	Bogojević	properNoun	eng
Bogunović	properNoun	hbs	Bogunović	properNoun	eng
Božanić	properNoun	hbs	Božanić	properNoun	eng
Božević	properNoun	hbs	Božević	properNoun	eng
Boživić	properNoun	hbs	Boživić	properNoun	eng
Božilović	properNoun	hbs	Božilović	properNoun	eng
Božinović	properNoun	hbs	Božinović	properNoun	eng
Božić	properNoun	hbs	Božić	properNoun	eng
Božović	properNoun	hbs	Božović	properNoun	eng
Bozanić	properNoun	hbs	Bozanić	properNoun	eng
Bozović	properNoun	hbs	Bozović	properNoun	eng
Boroević	properNoun	hbs	Boroević	properNoun	eng
Bosić	properNoun	hbs	Bosić	properNoun	eng
Botić	properNoun	hbs	Botić	properNoun	eng
Boškić	properNoun	hbs	Boškić	properNoun	eng
Bošković	properNoun	hbs	Bošković	properNoun	eng
Bojević	properNoun	hbs	Bojević	properNoun	eng
Bojičić	properNoun	hbs	Bojičić	properNoun	eng
Bojović	properNoun	hbs	Bojović	properNoun	eng
Bradić	properNoun	hbs	Bradić	properNoun	eng
Branković	properNoun	hbs	Branković	properNoun	eng
Bratić	properNoun	hbs	Bratić	properNoun	eng
Bračanović	properNoun	hbs	Bračanović	properNoun	eng
Brašnjević	properNoun	hbs	Brašnjević	properNoun	eng
Brajević	properNoun	hbs	Brajević	properNoun	eng
Brajković	properNoun	hbs	Brajković	properNoun	eng
Bregović	properNoun	hbs	Bregović	properNoun	eng
Brkić	properNoun	hbs	Brkić	properNoun	eng
Brković	properNoun	hbs	Brković	properNoun	eng
Brčić	properNoun	hbs	Brčić	properNoun	eng
Brdžić	properNoun	hbs	Brdžić	properNoun	eng
Bugarinović	properNoun	hbs	Bugarinović	properNoun	eng
Budiselić	properNoun	hbs	Budiselić	properNoun	eng
Bukvić	properNoun	hbs	Bukvić	properNoun	eng
Bukejlović	properNoun	hbs	Bukejlović	properNoun	eng
Bukić	properNoun	hbs	Bukić	properNoun	eng
Bukumirić	properNoun	hbs	Bukumirić	properNoun	eng
Bulaić	properNoun	hbs	Bulaić	properNoun	eng
Bulatović	properNoun	hbs	Bulatović	properNoun	eng
Bulić	properNoun	hbs	Bulić	properNoun	eng
Burić	properNoun	hbs	Burić	properNoun	eng
Butković	properNoun	hbs	Butković	properNoun	eng
Bujošević	properNoun	hbs	Bujošević	properNoun	eng
Bjelić	properNoun	hbs	Bjelić	properNoun	eng
Bljajić	properNoun	hbs	Bljajić	properNoun	eng
Vanić	properNoun	hbs	Vanić	properNoun	eng
Varagić	properNoun	hbs	Varagić	properNoun	eng
Vasilević	properNoun	hbs	Vasilević	properNoun	eng
Vasiljević	properNoun	hbs	Vasiljević	properNoun	eng
Vasiljković	properNoun	hbs	Vasiljković	properNoun	eng
Vasić	properNoun	hbs	Vasić	properNoun	eng
Vasković	properNoun	hbs	Vasković	properNoun	eng
Vatrić	properNoun	hbs	Vatrić	properNoun	eng
Vekarić	properNoun	hbs	Vekarić	properNoun	eng
Velimirović	properNoun	hbs	Velimirović	properNoun	eng
Velić	properNoun	hbs	Velić	properNoun	eng
Veruović	properNoun	hbs	Veruović	properNoun	eng
Veselinović	properNoun	hbs	Veselinović	properNoun	eng
Vesković	properNoun	hbs	Vesković	properNoun	eng
Vesović	properNoun	hbs	Vesović	properNoun	eng
Veljović	properNoun	hbs	Veljović	properNoun	eng
Vidić	properNoun	hbs	Vidić	properNoun	eng
Vidović	properNoun	hbs	Vidović	properNoun	eng
Vidošević	properNoun	hbs	Vidošević	properNoun	eng
Viletić	properNoun	hbs	Viletić	properNoun	eng
Violić	properNoun	hbs	Violić	properNoun	eng
Visić	properNoun	hbs	Visić	properNoun	eng
Visković	properNoun	hbs	Visković	properNoun	eng
Viteskić	properNoun	hbs	Viteskić	properNoun	eng
Viteškić	properNoun	hbs	Viteškić	properNoun	eng
Višković	properNoun	hbs	Višković	properNoun	eng
Vlasić	properNoun	hbs	Vlasić	properNoun	eng
Vlahović	properNoun	hbs	Vlahović	properNoun	eng
Vlajić	properNoun	hbs	Vlajić	properNoun	eng
Vlajković	properNoun	hbs	Vlajković	properNoun	eng
Vodinelić	properNoun	hbs	Vodinelić	properNoun	eng
Voinović	properNoun	hbs	Voinović	properNoun	eng
Vokalić	properNoun	hbs	Vokalić	properNoun	eng
Vojvodić	properNoun	hbs	Vojvodić	properNoun	eng
Vojinović	properNoun	hbs	Vojinović	properNoun	eng
Vojković	properNoun	hbs	Vojković	properNoun	eng
Vojnović	properNoun	hbs	Vojnović	properNoun	eng
Vojunović	properNoun	hbs	Vojunović	properNoun	eng
Vranić	properNoun	hbs	Vranić	properNoun	eng
Vrankić	properNoun	hbs	Vrankić	properNoun	eng
Vranković	properNoun	hbs	Vranković	properNoun	eng
Vrančić	properNoun	hbs	Vrančić	properNoun	eng
Vračević	properNoun	hbs	Vračević	properNoun	eng
Vrbosić	properNoun	hbs	Vrbosić	properNoun	eng
Vrkić	properNoun	hbs	Vrkić	properNoun	eng
Vrljanović	properNoun	hbs	Vrljanović	properNoun	eng
Vukadinović	properNoun	hbs	Vukadinović	properNoun	eng
Vukanović	properNoun	hbs	Vukanović	properNoun	eng
Vukasović	properNoun	hbs	Vukasović	properNoun	eng
Vukelić	properNoun	hbs	Vukelić	properNoun	eng
Vukičević	properNoun	hbs	Vukičević	properNoun	eng
Vukić	properNoun	hbs	Vukić	properNoun	eng
Vukmanović	properNoun	hbs	Vukmanović	properNoun	eng
Vukmirović	properNoun	hbs	Vukmirović	properNoun	eng
Vuković	properNoun	hbs	Vuković	properNoun	eng
Vukorić	properNoun	hbs	Vukorić	properNoun	eng
Vukotić	properNoun	hbs	Vukotić	properNoun	eng
Vukojević	properNoun	hbs	Vukojević	properNoun	eng
Vukojčić	properNoun	hbs	Vukojčić	properNoun	eng
Vuksanović	properNoun	hbs	Vuksanović	properNoun	eng
Vuksić	properNoun	hbs	Vuksić	properNoun	eng
Vukšić	properNoun	hbs	Vukšić	properNoun	eng
Vuletić	properNoun	hbs	Vuletić	properNoun	eng
Vuskanović	properNoun	hbs	Vuskanović	properNoun	eng
Vučelić	properNoun	hbs	Vučelić	properNoun	eng
Vučetić	properNoun	hbs	Vučetić	properNoun	eng
Vučinić	properNoun	hbs	Vučinić	properNoun	eng
Vučić	properNoun	hbs	Vučić	properNoun	eng
Vučkević	properNoun	hbs	Vučkević	properNoun	eng
Vučković	properNoun	hbs	Vučković	properNoun	eng
Vučurević	properNoun	hbs	Vučurević	properNoun	eng
Vučurović	properNoun	hbs	Vučurović	properNoun	eng
Vujasinović	properNoun	hbs	Vujasinović	properNoun	eng
Vujačić	properNoun	hbs	Vujačić	properNoun	eng
Vujičić	properNoun	hbs	Vujičić	properNoun	eng
Vujić	properNoun	hbs	Vujić	properNoun	eng
Vujović	properNoun	hbs	Vujović	properNoun	eng
Vujošević	properNoun	hbs	Vujošević	properNoun	eng
Vujčić	properNoun	hbs	Vujčić	properNoun	eng
Vućelić	properNoun	hbs	Vućelić	properNoun	eng
Gavranić	properNoun	hbs	Gavranić	properNoun	eng
Gavrankapetanović	properNoun	hbs	Gavrankapetanović	properNoun	eng
Gavrančić	properNoun	hbs	Gavrančić	properNoun	eng
Gavrilović	properNoun	hbs	Gavrilović	properNoun	eng
Gavrić	properNoun	hbs	Gavrić	properNoun	eng
Gagić	properNoun	hbs	Gagić	properNoun	eng
Gagović	properNoun	hbs	Gagović	properNoun	eng
Gazdić	properNoun	hbs	Gazdić	properNoun	eng
Galić	properNoun	hbs	Galić	properNoun	eng
Galović	properNoun	hbs	Galović	properNoun	eng
Ganić	properNoun	hbs	Ganić	properNoun	eng
Gapić	properNoun	hbs	Gapić	properNoun	eng
Garić	properNoun	hbs	Garić	properNoun	eng
Gasović	properNoun	hbs	Gasović	properNoun	eng
Gasparović	properNoun	hbs	Gasparović	properNoun	eng
Gajović	properNoun	hbs	Gajović	properNoun	eng
Gvozdenović	properNoun	hbs	Gvozdenović	properNoun	eng
Gegić	properNoun	hbs	Gegić	properNoun	eng
Generalić	properNoun	hbs	Generalić	properNoun	eng
Gligorić	properNoun	hbs	Gligorić	properNoun	eng
Gligorović	properNoun	hbs	Gligorović	properNoun	eng
Glišić	properNoun	hbs	Glišić	properNoun	eng
Golubović	properNoun	hbs	Golubović	properNoun	eng
Gospić	properNoun	hbs	Gospić	properNoun	eng
Gojković	properNoun	hbs	Gojković	properNoun	eng
Grandić	properNoun	hbs	Grandić	properNoun	eng
Granić	properNoun	hbs	Granić	properNoun	eng
Grastić	properNoun	hbs	Grastić	properNoun	eng
Grbić	properNoun	hbs	Grbić	properNoun	eng
Grgić	properNoun	hbs	Grgić	properNoun	eng
Grdešić	properNoun	hbs	Grdešić	properNoun	eng
Grivičić	properNoun	hbs	Grivičić	properNoun	eng
Grlić	properNoun	hbs	Grlić	properNoun	eng
Grubešić	properNoun	hbs	Grubešić	properNoun	eng
Grubišić	properNoun	hbs	Grubišić	properNoun	eng
Gruić	properNoun	hbs	Gruić	properNoun	eng
Grujić	properNoun	hbs	Grujić	properNoun	eng
Grčić	properNoun	hbs	Grčić	properNoun	eng
Gudić	properNoun	hbs	Gudić	properNoun	eng
Gudurić	properNoun	hbs	Gudurić	properNoun	eng
Gundurić	properNoun	hbs	Gundurić	properNoun	eng
Gutić	properNoun	hbs	Gutić	properNoun	eng
Dabić	properNoun	hbs	Dabić	properNoun	eng
Davidović	properNoun	hbs	Davidović	properNoun	eng
Davirović	properNoun	hbs	Davirović	properNoun	eng
Dadić	properNoun	hbs	Dadić	properNoun	eng
Dakić	properNoun	hbs	Dakić	properNoun	eng
Dalibašić	properNoun	hbs	Dalibašić	properNoun	eng
Dalić	properNoun	hbs	Dalić	properNoun	eng
Damjanović	properNoun	hbs	Damjanović	properNoun	eng
Danilović	properNoun	hbs	Danilović	properNoun	eng
Dapić	properNoun	hbs	Dapić	properNoun	eng
Darvić	properNoun	hbs	Darvić	properNoun	eng
Dautbašić	properNoun	hbs	Dautbašić	properNoun	eng
Dautović	properNoun	hbs	Dautović	properNoun	eng
Dačić	properNoun	hbs	Dačić	properNoun	eng
Dević	properNoun	hbs	Dević	properNoun	eng
Devčić	properNoun	hbs	Devčić	properNoun	eng
Dedović	properNoun	hbs	Dedović	properNoun	eng
Dekanić	properNoun	hbs	Dekanić	properNoun	eng
Deković	properNoun	hbs	Deković	properNoun	eng
Delalić	properNoun	hbs	Delalić	properNoun	eng
Delević	properNoun	hbs	Delević	properNoun	eng
Delimustafić	properNoun	hbs	Delimustafić	properNoun	eng
Delić	properNoun	hbs	Delić	properNoun	eng
Demirović	properNoun	hbs	Demirović	properNoun	eng
Demirđić	properNoun	hbs	Demirđić	properNoun	eng
Dervišević	properNoun	hbs	Dervišević	properNoun	eng
Derić	properNoun	hbs	Derić	properNoun	eng
Derković	properNoun	hbs	Derković	properNoun	eng
Deronić	properNoun	hbs	Deronić	properNoun	eng
Deronjić	properNoun	hbs	Deronjić	properNoun	eng
Despanić	properNoun	hbs	Despanić	properNoun	eng
Despotović	properNoun	hbs	Despotović	properNoun	eng
Dejanović	properNoun	hbs	Dejanović	properNoun	eng
Dizdarević	properNoun	hbs	Dizdarević	properNoun	eng
Dikić	properNoun	hbs	Dikić	properNoun	eng
Diković	properNoun	hbs	Diković	properNoun	eng
Dilberović	properNoun	hbs	Dilberović	properNoun	eng
Dilparić	properNoun	hbs	Dilparić	properNoun	eng
Dimitriević	properNoun	hbs	Dimitriević	properNoun	eng
Dimitrijević	properNoun	hbs	Dimitrijević	properNoun	eng
Dičić	properNoun	hbs	Dičić	properNoun	eng
Dodić	properNoun	hbs	Dodić	properNoun	eng
Dokić	properNoun	hbs	Dokić	properNoun	eng
Dokmanović	properNoun	hbs	Dokmanović	properNoun	eng
Dominković	properNoun	hbs	Dominković	properNoun	eng
Dostanić	properNoun	hbs	Dostanić	properNoun	eng
Dragičević	properNoun	hbs	Dragičević	properNoun	eng
Dragišić	properNoun	hbs	Dragišić	properNoun	eng
Dragić	properNoun	hbs	Dragić	properNoun	eng
Dragićević	properNoun	hbs	Dragićević	properNoun	eng
Dragović	properNoun	hbs	Dragović	properNoun	eng
Dragojević	properNoun	hbs	Dragojević	properNoun	eng
Dragutinović	properNoun	hbs	Dragutinović	properNoun	eng
Draženović	properNoun	hbs	Draženović	properNoun	eng
Drakulić	properNoun	hbs	Drakulić	properNoun	eng
Dreković	properNoun	hbs	Dreković	properNoun	eng
Dresević	properNoun	hbs	Dresević	properNoun	eng
Držić	properNoun	hbs	Držić	properNoun	eng
Dropulić	properNoun	hbs	Dropulić	properNoun	eng
Dršković	properNoun	hbs	Dršković	properNoun	eng
Drljević	properNoun	hbs	Drljević	properNoun	eng
Dubajić	properNoun	hbs	Dubajić	properNoun	eng
Dugalić	properNoun	hbs	Dugalić	properNoun	eng
Dudaković	properNoun	hbs	Dudaković	properNoun	eng
Dudić	properNoun	hbs	Dudić	properNoun	eng
Duić	properNoun	hbs	Duić	properNoun	eng
Dukić	properNoun	hbs	Dukić	properNoun	eng
Dulić	properNoun	hbs	Dulić	properNoun	eng
Dumančić	properNoun	hbs	Dumančić	properNoun	eng
Dujmić	properNoun	hbs	Dujmić	properNoun	eng
Dumić	properNoun	hbs	Dumić	properNoun	eng
Dunić	properNoun	hbs	Dunić	properNoun	eng
Duraković	properNoun	hbs	Duraković	properNoun	eng
Durić	properNoun	hbs	Durić	properNoun	eng
Durović	properNoun	hbs	Durović	properNoun	eng
Dušanić	properNoun	hbs	Dušanić	properNoun	eng
Dujarić	properNoun	hbs	Dujarić	properNoun	eng
Dujković	properNoun	hbs	Dujković	properNoun	eng
Dujović	properNoun	hbs	Dujović	properNoun	eng
Djelić	properNoun	hbs	Djelić	properNoun	eng
Djerić	properNoun	hbs	Djerić	properNoun	eng
Eminefendić	properNoun	hbs	Eminefendić	properNoun	eng
Erdemović	properNoun	hbs	Erdemović	properNoun	eng
Efendić	properNoun	hbs	Efendić	properNoun	eng
Žarić	properNoun	hbs	Žarić	properNoun	eng
Žbanić	properNoun	hbs	Žbanić	properNoun	eng
Žderić	properNoun	hbs	Žderić	properNoun	eng
Željković	properNoun	hbs	Željković	properNoun	eng
Živadinović	properNoun	hbs	Živadinović	properNoun	eng
Živanović	properNoun	hbs	Živanović	properNoun	eng
Živoković	properNoun	hbs	Živoković	properNoun	eng
Žigić	properNoun	hbs	Žigić	properNoun	eng
Žižić	properNoun	hbs	Žižić	properNoun	eng
Žuvanić	properNoun	hbs	Žuvanić	properNoun	eng
Zaimović	properNoun	hbs	Zaimović	properNoun	eng
Zarić	properNoun	hbs	Zarić	properNoun	eng
Zafirović	properNoun	hbs	Zafirović	properNoun	eng
Zbanić	properNoun	hbs	Zbanić	properNoun	eng
Zdravković	properNoun	hbs	Zdravković	properNoun	eng
Zebić	properNoun	hbs	Zebić	properNoun	eng
Zekić	properNoun	hbs	Zekić	properNoun	eng
Zeleniković	properNoun	hbs	Zeleniković	properNoun	eng
Zelenović	properNoun	hbs	Zelenović	properNoun	eng
Zelentrović	properNoun	hbs	Zelentrović	properNoun	eng
Zenić	properNoun	hbs	Zenić	properNoun	eng
Zečević	properNoun	hbs	Zečević	properNoun	eng
Zigić	properNoun	hbs	Zigić	properNoun	eng
Zizić	properNoun	hbs	Zizić	properNoun	eng
Zilić	properNoun	hbs	Zilić	properNoun	eng
Zilović	properNoun	hbs	Zilović	properNoun	eng
Zimonjić	properNoun	hbs	Zimonjić	properNoun	eng
Zirić	properNoun	hbs	Zirić	properNoun	eng
Zirojević	properNoun	hbs	Zirojević	properNoun	eng
Zloković	properNoun	hbs	Zloković	properNoun	eng
Zrnčić	properNoun	hbs	Zrnčić	properNoun	eng
Zukić	properNoun	hbs	Zukić	properNoun	eng
Zukorlić	properNoun	hbs	Zukorlić	properNoun	eng
Zjajić	properNoun	hbs	Zjajić	properNoun	eng
Ibrasagić	properNoun	hbs	Ibrasagić	properNoun	eng
Ibrahimagić	properNoun	hbs	Ibrahimagić	properNoun	eng
Ibrahimović	properNoun	hbs	Ibrahimović	properNoun	eng
Ibrahimpašić	properNoun	hbs	Ibrahimpašić	properNoun	eng
Ivanišević	properNoun	hbs	Ivanišević	properNoun	eng
Ivanković	properNoun	hbs	Ivanković	properNoun	eng
Ivančević	properNoun	hbs	Ivančević	properNoun	eng
Ivančić	properNoun	hbs	Ivančić	properNoun	eng
Ivezić	properNoun	hbs	Ivezić	properNoun	eng
Ivezović	properNoun	hbs	Ivezović	properNoun	eng
Ivešić	properNoun	hbs	Ivešić	properNoun	eng
Ivić	properNoun	hbs	Ivić	properNoun	eng
Ivković	properNoun	hbs	Ivković	properNoun	eng
Ivović	properNoun	hbs	Ivović	properNoun	eng
Ivošević	properNoun	hbs	Ivošević	properNoun	eng
Ignjatović	properNoun	hbs	Ignjatović	properNoun	eng
Izatbegović	properNoun	hbs	Izatbegović	properNoun	eng
Izetbegović	properNoun	hbs	Izetbegović	properNoun	eng
Ikavonić	properNoun	hbs	Ikavonić	properNoun	eng
Ikanović	properNoun	hbs	Ikanović	properNoun	eng
Ikonić	properNoun	hbs	Ikonić	properNoun	eng
Ilinčić	properNoun	hbs	Ilinčić	properNoun	eng
Ilijašević	properNoun	hbs	Ilijašević	properNoun	eng
Ilić	properNoun	hbs	Ilić	properNoun	eng
Imamović	properNoun	hbs	Imamović	properNoun	eng
Imanović	properNoun	hbs	Imanović	properNoun	eng
Imvić	properNoun	hbs	Imvić	properNoun	eng
Imsirević	properNoun	hbs	Imsirević	properNoun	eng
Ipsić	properNoun	hbs	Ipsić	properNoun	eng
Iribarnić	properNoun	hbs	Iribarnić	properNoun	eng
Isanović	properNoun	hbs	Isanović	properNoun	eng
Kadiević	properNoun	hbs	Kadiević	properNoun	eng
Kadijević	properNoun	hbs	Kadijević	properNoun	eng
Kadić	properNoun	hbs	Kadić	properNoun	eng
Kadribašić	properNoun	hbs	Kadribašić	properNoun	eng
Kadrić	properNoun	hbs	Kadrić	properNoun	eng
Kalamperović	properNoun	hbs	Kalamperović	properNoun	eng
Kalaperović	properNoun	hbs	Kalaperović	properNoun	eng
Kalinić	properNoun	hbs	Kalinić	properNoun	eng
Kalić	properNoun	hbs	Kalić	properNoun	eng
Kaluđerović	properNoun	hbs	Kaluđerović	properNoun	eng
Kamerić	properNoun	hbs	Kamerić	properNoun	eng
Kandić	properNoun	hbs	Kandić	properNoun	eng
Kantarević	properNoun	hbs	Kantarević	properNoun	eng
Kapaković	properNoun	hbs	Kapaković	properNoun	eng
Kapetanović	properNoun	hbs	Kapetanović	properNoun	eng
Kapić	properNoun	hbs	Kapić	properNoun	eng
Kaplović	properNoun	hbs	Kaplović	properNoun	eng
Kapraljević	properNoun	hbs	Kapraljević	properNoun	eng
Karakašević	properNoun	hbs	Karakašević	properNoun	eng
Karamarković	properNoun	hbs	Karamarković	properNoun	eng
Karanović	properNoun	hbs	Karanović	properNoun	eng
Karađorđević	properNoun	hbs	Karađorđević	properNoun	eng
Karajić	properNoun	hbs	Karajić	properNoun	eng
Karganović	properNoun	hbs	Karganović	properNoun	eng
Karlović	properNoun	hbs	Karlović	properNoun	eng
Kardžić	properNoun	hbs	Kardžić	properNoun	eng
Katavić	properNoun	hbs	Katavić	properNoun	eng
Katanić	properNoun	hbs	Katanić	properNoun	eng
Katić	properNoun	hbs	Katić	properNoun	eng
Katnić	properNoun	hbs	Katnić	properNoun	eng
Katunarić	properNoun	hbs	Katunarić	properNoun	eng
Kadžić	properNoun	hbs	Kadžić	properNoun	eng
Kenović	properNoun	hbs	Kenović	properNoun	eng
Kenjić	properNoun	hbs	Kenjić	properNoun	eng
Kilić	properNoun	hbs	Kilić	properNoun	eng
Kisić	properNoun	hbs	Kisić	properNoun	eng
Kitarović	properNoun	hbs	Kitarović	properNoun	eng
Kičanović	properNoun	hbs	Kičanović	properNoun	eng
Klarić	properNoun	hbs	Klarić	properNoun	eng
Klasnić	properNoun	hbs	Klasnić	properNoun	eng
Klajić	properNoun	hbs	Klajić	properNoun	eng
Klepić	properNoun	hbs	Klepić	properNoun	eng
Klicković	properNoun	hbs	Klicković	properNoun	eng
Kličković	properNoun	hbs	Kličković	properNoun	eng
Knežević	properNoun	hbs	Knežević	properNoun	eng
Kobilić	properNoun	hbs	Kobilić	properNoun	eng
Kovanović	properNoun	hbs	Kovanović	properNoun	eng
Kovačić	properNoun	hbs	Kovačić	properNoun	eng
Kozarić	properNoun	hbs	Kozarić	properNoun	eng
Kokanović	properNoun	hbs	Kokanović	properNoun	eng
Kolarević	properNoun	hbs	Kolarević	properNoun	eng
Kolobarić	properNoun	hbs	Kolobarić	properNoun	eng
Komić	properNoun	hbs	Komić	properNoun	eng
Kompanović	properNoun	hbs	Kompanović	properNoun	eng
Komšić	properNoun	hbs	Komšić	properNoun	eng
Kondić	properNoun	hbs	Kondić	properNoun	eng
Konstantinović	properNoun	hbs	Konstantinović	properNoun	eng
Kordić	properNoun	hbs	Kordić	properNoun	eng
Korenić	properNoun	hbs	Korenić	properNoun	eng
Korić	properNoun	hbs	Korić	properNoun	eng
Kosanović	properNoun	hbs	Kosanović	properNoun	eng
Kostanić	properNoun	hbs	Kostanić	properNoun	eng
Kostić	properNoun	hbs	Kostić	properNoun	eng
Kosjerić	properNoun	hbs	Kosjerić	properNoun	eng
Kotromanović	properNoun	hbs	Kotromanović	properNoun	eng
Kočić	properNoun	hbs	Kočić	properNoun	eng
Košanović	properNoun	hbs	Košanović	properNoun	eng
Kojadinović	properNoun	hbs	Kojadinović	properNoun	eng
Kojadonović	properNoun	hbs	Kojadonović	properNoun	eng
Kojić	properNoun	hbs	Kojić	properNoun	eng
Koljević	properNoun	hbs	Koljević	properNoun	eng
Konjikušić	properNoun	hbs	Konjikušić	properNoun	eng
Konjić	properNoun	hbs	Konjić	properNoun	eng
Kraišnić	properNoun	hbs	Kraišnić	properNoun	eng
Krasić	properNoun	hbs	Krasić	properNoun	eng
Krajsumović	properNoun	hbs	Krajsumović	properNoun	eng
Kraljević	properNoun	hbs	Kraljević	properNoun	eng
Krgović	properNoun	hbs	Krgović	properNoun	eng
Kremenović	properNoun	hbs	Kremenović	properNoun	eng
Kresić	properNoun	hbs	Kresić	properNoun	eng
Kresović	properNoun	hbs	Kresović	properNoun	eng
Krešić	properNoun	hbs	Krešić	properNoun	eng
Krivdić	properNoun	hbs	Krivdić	properNoun	eng
Krivokapić	properNoun	hbs	Krivokapić	properNoun	eng
Križanić	properNoun	hbs	Križanić	properNoun	eng
Križić	properNoun	hbs	Križić	properNoun	eng
Krilić	properNoun	hbs	Krilić	properNoun	eng
Krkobabić	properNoun	hbs	Krkobabić	properNoun	eng
Krsmanović	properNoun	hbs	Krsmanović	properNoun	eng
Krstajić	properNoun	hbs	Krstajić	properNoun	eng
Krstić	properNoun	hbs	Krstić	properNoun	eng
Krstović	properNoun	hbs	Krstović	properNoun	eng
Krulić	properNoun	hbs	Krulić	properNoun	eng
Kuzmanović	properNoun	hbs	Kuzmanović	properNoun	eng
Kuzmić	properNoun	hbs	Kuzmić	properNoun	eng
Kulenović	properNoun	hbs	Kulenović	properNoun	eng
Kunić	properNoun	hbs	Kunić	properNoun	eng
Kurpejović	properNoun	hbs	Kurpejović	properNoun	eng
Kurtović	properNoun	hbs	Kurtović	properNoun	eng
Kujović	properNoun	hbs	Kujović	properNoun	eng
Kujundžić	properNoun	hbs	Kujundžić	properNoun	eng
Kljajević	properNoun	hbs	Kljajević	properNoun	eng
Ladić	properNoun	hbs	Ladić	properNoun	eng
Lazarević	properNoun	hbs	Lazarević	properNoun	eng
Lazić	properNoun	hbs	Lazić	properNoun	eng
Lazović	properNoun	hbs	Lazović	properNoun	eng
Lakičević	properNoun	hbs	Lakičević	properNoun	eng
Lakčević	properNoun	hbs	Lakčević	properNoun	eng
Lalić	properNoun	hbs	Lalić	properNoun	eng
Lalović	properNoun	hbs	Lalović	properNoun	eng
Laušić	properNoun	hbs	Laušić	properNoun	eng
Lačević	properNoun	hbs	Lačević	properNoun	eng
Lajsić	properNoun	hbs	Lajsić	properNoun	eng
Lajšić	properNoun	hbs	Lajšić	properNoun	eng
Lekić	properNoun	hbs	Lekić	properNoun	eng
Leković	properNoun	hbs	Leković	properNoun	eng
Leposavić	properNoun	hbs	Leposavić	properNoun	eng
Lesić	properNoun	hbs	Lesić	properNoun	eng
Letinić	properNoun	hbs	Letinić	properNoun	eng
Lečić	properNoun	hbs	Lečić	properNoun	eng
Lilić	properNoun	hbs	Lilić	properNoun	eng
Linić	properNoun	hbs	Linić	properNoun	eng
Lisčević	properNoun	hbs	Lisčević	properNoun	eng
Lijanović	properNoun	hbs	Lijanović	properNoun	eng
Lović	properNoun	hbs	Lović	properNoun	eng
Lovrenović	properNoun	hbs	Lovrenović	properNoun	eng
Lovrić	properNoun	hbs	Lovrić	properNoun	eng
Lozanić	properNoun	hbs	Lozanić	properNoun	eng
Lozančić	properNoun	hbs	Lozančić	properNoun	eng
Lolović	properNoun	hbs	Lolović	properNoun	eng
Lopandić	properNoun	hbs	Lopandić	properNoun	eng
Lopatić	properNoun	hbs	Lopatić	properNoun	eng
Luković	properNoun	hbs	Luković	properNoun	eng
Luksić	properNoun	hbs	Luksić	properNoun	eng
Lukšić	properNoun	hbs	Lukšić	properNoun	eng
Lucić	properNoun	hbs	Lucić	properNoun	eng
Lučić	properNoun	hbs	Lučić	properNoun	eng
Lujić	properNoun	hbs	Lujić	properNoun	eng
Lućić	properNoun	hbs	Lućić	properNoun	eng
Madunić	properNoun	hbs	Madunić	properNoun	eng
Maković	properNoun	hbs	Maković	properNoun	eng
Maksimović	properNoun	hbs	Maksimović	properNoun	eng
Maksumić	properNoun	hbs	Maksumić	properNoun	eng
Maldić	properNoun	hbs	Maldić	properNoun	eng
Malić	properNoun	hbs	Malić	properNoun	eng
Malkić	properNoun	hbs	Malkić	properNoun	eng
Malović	properNoun	hbs	Malović	properNoun	eng
Manojlović	properNoun	hbs	Manojlović	properNoun	eng
Margetić	properNoun	hbs	Margetić	properNoun	eng
Mareković	properNoun	hbs	Mareković	properNoun	eng
Maretić	properNoun	hbs	Maretić	properNoun	eng
Marinković	properNoun	hbs	Marinković	properNoun	eng
Marinović	properNoun	hbs	Marinović	properNoun	eng
Maričić	properNoun	hbs	Maričić	properNoun	eng
Marijanović	properNoun	hbs	Marijanović	properNoun	eng
Marijačić	properNoun	hbs	Marijačić	properNoun	eng
Marić	properNoun	hbs	Marić	properNoun	eng
Markešić	properNoun	hbs	Markešić	properNoun	eng
Maroević	properNoun	hbs	Maroević	properNoun	eng
Martić	properNoun	hbs	Martić	properNoun	eng
Martnović	properNoun	hbs	Martnović	properNoun	eng
Marušić	properNoun	hbs	Marušić	properNoun	eng
Masović	properNoun	hbs	Masović	properNoun	eng
Matanić	properNoun	hbs	Matanić	properNoun	eng
Matanović	properNoun	hbs	Matanović	properNoun	eng
Matiević	properNoun	hbs	Matiević	properNoun	eng
Matijašević	properNoun	hbs	Matijašević	properNoun	eng
Matić	properNoun	hbs	Matić	properNoun	eng
Matković	properNoun	hbs	Matković	properNoun	eng
Matulović	properNoun	hbs	Matulović	properNoun	eng
Mahmutović	properNoun	hbs	Mahmutović	properNoun	eng
Mašić	properNoun	hbs	Mašić	properNoun	eng
Majdančić	properNoun	hbs	Majdančić	properNoun	eng
Majinović	properNoun	hbs	Majinović	properNoun	eng
Majstorović	properNoun	hbs	Majstorović	properNoun	eng
Meakić	properNoun	hbs	Meakić	properNoun	eng
Mević	properNoun	hbs	Mević	properNoun	eng
Medenić	properNoun	hbs	Medenić	properNoun	eng
Medić	properNoun	hbs	Medić	properNoun	eng
Medojević	properNoun	hbs	Medojević	properNoun	eng
Mekić	properNoun	hbs	Mekić	properNoun	eng
Mektić	properNoun	hbs	Mektić	properNoun	eng
Memić	properNoun	hbs	Memić	properNoun	eng
Mesarević	properNoun	hbs	Mesarević	properNoun	eng
Mesarović	properNoun	hbs	Mesarović	properNoun	eng
Metić	properNoun	hbs	Metić	properNoun	eng
Metković	properNoun	hbs	Metković	properNoun	eng
Metličić	properNoun	hbs	Metličić	properNoun	eng
Mehić	properNoun	hbs	Mehić	properNoun	eng
Mehmedagić	properNoun	hbs	Mehmedagić	properNoun	eng
Mehmedović	properNoun	hbs	Mehmedović	properNoun	eng
Mešković	properNoun	hbs	Mešković	properNoun	eng
Mejakić	properNoun	hbs	Mejakić	properNoun	eng
Mikelić	properNoun	hbs	Mikelić	properNoun	eng
Mikerović	properNoun	hbs	Mikerović	properNoun	eng
Mikić	properNoun	hbs	Mikić	properNoun	eng
Miklašić	properNoun	hbs	Miklašić	properNoun	eng
Mikulić	properNoun	hbs	Mikulić	properNoun	eng
Mikulićić	properNoun	hbs	Mikulićić	properNoun	eng
Mikšić	properNoun	hbs	Mikšić	properNoun	eng
Milaković	properNoun	hbs	Milaković	properNoun	eng
Milanković	properNoun	hbs	Milanković	properNoun	eng
Milanović	properNoun	hbs	Milanović	properNoun	eng
Milačić	properNoun	hbs	Milačić	properNoun	eng
Mileković	properNoun	hbs	Mileković	properNoun	eng
Milenković	properNoun	hbs	Milenković	properNoun	eng
Milenović	properNoun	hbs	Milenović	properNoun	eng
Miletić	properNoun	hbs	Miletić	properNoun	eng
Milivoević	properNoun	hbs	Milivoević	properNoun	eng
Milivojević	properNoun	hbs	Milivojević	properNoun	eng
Milinković	properNoun	hbs	Milinković	properNoun	eng
Milinović	properNoun	hbs	Milinović	properNoun	eng
Milisavljević	properNoun	hbs	Milisavljević	properNoun	eng
Miličević	properNoun	hbs	Miličević	properNoun	eng
Miličić	properNoun	hbs	Miličić	properNoun	eng
Milišić	properNoun	hbs	Milišić	properNoun	eng
Milić	properNoun	hbs	Milić	properNoun	eng
Milovanović	properNoun	hbs	Milovanović	properNoun	eng
Milović	properNoun	hbs	Milović	properNoun	eng
Milovčić	properNoun	hbs	Milovčić	properNoun	eng
Milosavljević	properNoun	hbs	Milosavljević	properNoun	eng
Milohević	properNoun	hbs	Milohević	properNoun	eng
Milošpević	properNoun	hbs	Milošpević	properNoun	eng
Milojević	properNoun	hbs	Milojević	properNoun	eng
Milojković	properNoun	hbs	Milojković	properNoun	eng
Miltić	properNoun	hbs	Miltić	properNoun	eng
Milušić	properNoun	hbs	Milušić	properNoun	eng
Minić	properNoun	hbs	Minić	properNoun	eng
Mionić	properNoun	hbs	Mionić	properNoun	eng
Mirković	properNoun	hbs	Mirković	properNoun	eng
Mironić	properNoun	hbs	Mironić	properNoun	eng
Mirošić	properNoun	hbs	Mirošić	properNoun	eng
Mirčić	properNoun	hbs	Mirčić	properNoun	eng
Misimović	properNoun	hbs	Misimović	properNoun	eng
Mitić	properNoun	hbs	Mitić	properNoun	eng
Mitrović	properNoun	hbs	Mitrović	properNoun	eng
Mihajlović	properNoun	hbs	Mihajlović	properNoun	eng
Mihajljević	properNoun	hbs	Mihajljević	properNoun	eng
Mihaljević	properNoun	hbs	Mihaljević	properNoun	eng
Micić	properNoun	hbs	Micić	properNoun	eng
Micović	properNoun	hbs	Micović	properNoun	eng
Micunović	properNoun	hbs	Micunović	properNoun	eng
Mičić	properNoun	hbs	Mičić	properNoun	eng
Mičunović	properNoun	hbs	Mičunović	properNoun	eng
Mišević	properNoun	hbs	Mišević	properNoun	eng
Mišetić	properNoun	hbs	Mišetić	properNoun	eng
Mišić	properNoun	hbs	Mišić	properNoun	eng
Mišković	properNoun	hbs	Mišković	properNoun	eng
Mišović	properNoun	hbs	Mišović	properNoun	eng
Miščević	properNoun	hbs	Miščević	properNoun	eng
Mijalić	properNoun	hbs	Mijalić	properNoun	eng
Mijanović	properNoun	hbs	Mijanović	properNoun	eng
Mijatović	properNoun	hbs	Mijatović	properNoun	eng
Mijić	properNoun	hbs	Mijić	properNoun	eng
Mijović	properNoun	hbs	Mijović	properNoun	eng
Miljanić	properNoun	hbs	Miljanić	properNoun	eng
Miljević	properNoun	hbs	Miljević	properNoun	eng
Miljković	properNoun	hbs	Miljković	properNoun	eng
Mićić	properNoun	hbs	Mićić	properNoun	eng
Mićunović	properNoun	hbs	Mićunović	properNoun	eng
Mladenović	properNoun	hbs	Mladenović	properNoun	eng
Mlivončić	properNoun	hbs	Mlivončić	properNoun	eng
Mlinarić	properNoun	hbs	Mlinarić	properNoun	eng
Modrić	properNoun	hbs	Modrić	properNoun	eng
Mološević	properNoun	hbs	Mološević	properNoun	eng
Morić	properNoun	hbs	Morić	properNoun	eng
Mrakić	properNoun	hbs	Mrakić	properNoun	eng
Mrvaljević	properNoun	hbs	Mrvaljević	properNoun	eng
Mrdović	properNoun	hbs	Mrdović	properNoun	eng
Mrkonjić	properNoun	hbs	Mrkonjić	properNoun	eng
Mrkšić	properNoun	hbs	Mrkšić	properNoun	eng
Mršić	properNoun	hbs	Mršić	properNoun	eng
Muzarović	properNoun	hbs	Muzarović	properNoun	eng
Muzurović	properNoun	hbs	Muzurović	properNoun	eng
Mulahalilović	properNoun	hbs	Mulahalilović	properNoun	eng
Munitić	properNoun	hbs	Munitić	properNoun	eng
Muratović	properNoun	hbs	Muratović	properNoun	eng
Murtić	properNoun	hbs	Murtić	properNoun	eng
Musić	properNoun	hbs	Musić	properNoun	eng
Musović	properNoun	hbs	Musović	properNoun	eng
Mustafić	properNoun	hbs	Mustafić	properNoun	eng
Muhić	properNoun	hbs	Muhić	properNoun	eng
Mucibabić	properNoun	hbs	Mucibabić	properNoun	eng
Mučibabić	properNoun	hbs	Mučibabić	properNoun	eng
Mučić	properNoun	hbs	Mučić	properNoun	eng
Mujić	properNoun	hbs	Mujić	properNoun	eng
Mujkanović	properNoun	hbs	Mujkanović	properNoun	eng
Nadarević	properNoun	hbs	Nadarević	properNoun	eng
Naletilić	properNoun	hbs	Naletilić	properNoun	eng
Nandžić	properNoun	hbs	Nandžić	properNoun	eng
Nastić	properNoun	hbs	Nastić	properNoun	eng
Najetović	properNoun	hbs	Najetović	properNoun	eng
Nadžipašić	properNoun	hbs	Nadžipašić	properNoun	eng
Nedeljković	properNoun	hbs	Nedeljković	properNoun	eng
Nedić	properNoun	hbs	Nedić	properNoun	eng
Nenadić	properNoun	hbs	Nenadić	properNoun	eng
Nenadović	properNoun	hbs	Nenadović	properNoun	eng
Nenandić	properNoun	hbs	Nenandić	properNoun	eng
Nenezić	properNoun	hbs	Nenezić	properNoun	eng
Nikačević	properNoun	hbs	Nikačević	properNoun	eng
Nikić	properNoun	hbs	Nikić	properNoun	eng
Niković	properNoun	hbs	Niković	properNoun	eng
Nikoliić	properNoun	hbs	Nikoliić	properNoun	eng
Nikšić	properNoun	hbs	Nikšić	properNoun	eng
Ninković	properNoun	hbs	Ninković	properNoun	eng
Ničić	properNoun	hbs	Ničić	properNoun	eng
Ničković	properNoun	hbs	Ničković	properNoun	eng
Ničović	properNoun	hbs	Ničović	properNoun	eng
Nišavić	properNoun	hbs	Nišavić	properNoun	eng
Nišić	properNoun	hbs	Nišić	properNoun	eng
Novaković	properNoun	hbs	Novaković	properNoun	eng
Nović	properNoun	hbs	Nović	properNoun	eng
Novković	properNoun	hbs	Novković	properNoun	eng
Novović	properNoun	hbs	Novović	properNoun	eng
Noikić	properNoun	hbs	Noikić	properNoun	eng
Nojkić	properNoun	hbs	Nojkić	properNoun	eng
Nudović	properNoun	hbs	Nudović	properNoun	eng
Nuić	properNoun	hbs	Nuić	properNoun	eng
Nurković	properNoun	hbs	Nurković	properNoun	eng
Nusanović	properNoun	hbs	Nusanović	properNoun	eng
Nuhanović	properNoun	hbs	Nuhanović	properNoun	eng
Nušić	properNoun	hbs	Nušić	properNoun	eng
Obilić	properNoun	hbs	Obilić	properNoun	eng
Obradović	properNoun	hbs	Obradović	properNoun	eng
Obrenović	properNoun	hbs	Obrenović	properNoun	eng
Odalović	properNoun	hbs	Odalović	properNoun	eng
Ozegović	properNoun	hbs	Ozegović	properNoun	eng
Okić	properNoun	hbs	Okić	properNoun	eng
Olić	properNoun	hbs	Olić	properNoun	eng
Olujić	properNoun	hbs	Olujić	properNoun	eng
Omanović	properNoun	hbs	Omanović	properNoun	eng
Omerbašić	properNoun	hbs	Omerbašić	properNoun	eng
Orešković	properNoun	hbs	Orešković	properNoun	eng
Orić	properNoun	hbs	Orić	properNoun	eng
Orlić	properNoun	hbs	Orlić	properNoun	eng
Orlović	properNoun	hbs	Orlović	properNoun	eng
Oručević	properNoun	hbs	Oručević	properNoun	eng
Osmanagić	properNoun	hbs	Osmanagić	properNoun	eng
Osmanović	properNoun	hbs	Osmanović	properNoun	eng
Osmančević	properNoun	hbs	Osmančević	properNoun	eng
Ostojić	properNoun	hbs	Ostojić	properNoun	eng
Ojdanić	properNoun	hbs	Ojdanić	properNoun	eng
Pavelić	properNoun	hbs	Pavelić	properNoun	eng
Pavičić	properNoun	hbs	Pavičić	properNoun	eng
Pavić	properNoun	hbs	Pavić	properNoun	eng
Pavličić	properNoun	hbs	Pavličić	properNoun	eng
Pavlović	properNoun	hbs	Pavlović	properNoun	eng
Palavić	properNoun	hbs	Palavić	properNoun	eng
Palvović	properNoun	hbs	Palvović	properNoun	eng
Palić	properNoun	hbs	Palić	properNoun	eng
Pandurević	properNoun	hbs	Pandurević	properNoun	eng
Pandurović	properNoun	hbs	Pandurović	properNoun	eng
Panić	properNoun	hbs	Panić	properNoun	eng
Pankretić	properNoun	hbs	Pankretić	properNoun	eng
Pantić	properNoun	hbs	Pantić	properNoun	eng
Pantović	properNoun	hbs	Pantović	properNoun	eng
Pandžić	properNoun	hbs	Pandžić	properNoun	eng
Paović	properNoun	hbs	Paović	properNoun	eng
Parivodić	properNoun	hbs	Parivodić	properNoun	eng
Pasić	properNoun	hbs	Pasić	properNoun	eng
Paskaljević	properNoun	hbs	Paskaljević	properNoun	eng
Pasović	properNoun	hbs	Pasović	properNoun	eng
Pastuović	properNoun	hbs	Pastuović	properNoun	eng
Paunović	properNoun	hbs	Paunović	properNoun	eng
Pašalić	properNoun	hbs	Pašalić	properNoun	eng
Pašić	properNoun	hbs	Pašić	properNoun	eng
Pašović	properNoun	hbs	Pašović	properNoun	eng
Pajić	properNoun	hbs	Pajić	properNoun	eng
Pajović	properNoun	hbs	Pajović	properNoun	eng
Pajtić	properNoun	hbs	Pajtić	properNoun	eng
Pedišić	properNoun	hbs	Pedišić	properNoun	eng
Pekanović	properNoun	hbs	Pekanović	properNoun	eng
Pekić	properNoun	hbs	Pekić	properNoun	eng
Pelević	properNoun	hbs	Pelević	properNoun	eng
Peratović	properNoun	hbs	Peratović	properNoun	eng
Perišić	properNoun	hbs	Perišić	properNoun	eng
Perić	properNoun	hbs	Perić	properNoun	eng
Perković	properNoun	hbs	Perković	properNoun	eng
Perović	properNoun	hbs	Perović	properNoun	eng
Persić	properNoun	hbs	Persić	properNoun	eng
Perušić	properNoun	hbs	Perušić	properNoun	eng
Peršić	properNoun	hbs	Peršić	properNoun	eng
Pesalić	properNoun	hbs	Pesalić	properNoun	eng
Pesić	properNoun	hbs	Pesić	properNoun	eng
Petić	properNoun	hbs	Petić	properNoun	eng
Petković	properNoun	hbs	Petković	properNoun	eng
Petrašević	properNoun	hbs	Petrašević	properNoun	eng
Petričević	properNoun	hbs	Petričević	properNoun	eng
Petrić	properNoun	hbs	Petrić	properNoun	eng
Petrović	properNoun	hbs	Petrović	properNoun	eng
Pešić	properNoun	hbs	Pešić	properNoun	eng
Pejaković	properNoun	hbs	Pejaković	properNoun	eng
Pejanović	properNoun	hbs	Pejanović	properNoun	eng
Pejić	properNoun	hbs	Pejić	properNoun	eng
Pejović	properNoun	hbs	Pejović	properNoun	eng
Pejčić	properNoun	hbs	Pejčić	properNoun	eng
Piperović	properNoun	hbs	Piperović	properNoun	eng
Pirgić	properNoun	hbs	Pirgić	properNoun	eng
Pitić	properNoun	hbs	Pitić	properNoun	eng
Pijevčević	properNoun	hbs	Pijevčević	properNoun	eng
Pijetlović	properNoun	hbs	Pijetlović	properNoun	eng
Piljić	properNoun	hbs	Piljić	properNoun	eng
Plavšić	properNoun	hbs	Plavšić	properNoun	eng
Planičić	properNoun	hbs	Planičić	properNoun	eng
Pletikosić	properNoun	hbs	Pletikosić	properNoun	eng
Pović	properNoun	hbs	Pović	properNoun	eng
Pokanić	properNoun	hbs	Pokanić	properNoun	eng
Polić	properNoun	hbs	Polić	properNoun	eng
Popadić	properNoun	hbs	Popadić	properNoun	eng
Popović	properNoun	hbs	Popović	properNoun	eng
Pojskić	properNoun	hbs	Pojskić	properNoun	eng
Poljanić	properNoun	hbs	Poljanić	properNoun	eng
Poljašević	properNoun	hbs	Poljašević	properNoun	eng
Podžić	properNoun	hbs	Podžić	properNoun	eng
Prentić	properNoun	hbs	Prentić	properNoun	eng
Pribičević	properNoun	hbs	Pribičević	properNoun	eng
Prijić	properNoun	hbs	Prijić	properNoun	eng
Prlić	properNoun	hbs	Prlić	properNoun	eng
Prokopijević	properNoun	hbs	Prokopijević	properNoun	eng
Proroković	properNoun	hbs	Proroković	properNoun	eng
Prpić	properNoun	hbs	Prpić	properNoun	eng
Prčić	properNoun	hbs	Prčić	properNoun	eng
Pukanić	properNoun	hbs	Pukanić	properNoun	eng
Puratić	properNoun	hbs	Puratić	properNoun	eng
Purišić	properNoun	hbs	Purišić	properNoun	eng
Purković	properNoun	hbs	Purković	properNoun	eng
Pusić	properNoun	hbs	Pusić	properNoun	eng
Pušić	properNoun	hbs	Pušić	properNoun	eng
Puljić	properNoun	hbs	Puljić	properNoun	eng
Pjevčević	properNoun	hbs	Pjevčević	properNoun	eng
Radaković	properNoun	hbs	Radaković	properNoun	eng
Radetić	properNoun	hbs	Radetić	properNoun	eng
Radivojević	properNoun	hbs	Radivojević	properNoun	eng
Radisavljević	properNoun	hbs	Radisavljević	properNoun	eng
Radmanović	properNoun	hbs	Radmanović	properNoun	eng
Radović	properNoun	hbs	Radović	properNoun	eng
Radoević	properNoun	hbs	Radoević	properNoun	eng
Radosavljević	properNoun	hbs	Radosavljević	properNoun	eng
Radojević	properNoun	hbs	Radojević	properNoun	eng
Radojičić	properNoun	hbs	Radojičić	properNoun	eng
Radojić	properNoun	hbs	Radojić	properNoun	eng
Radojčić	properNoun	hbs	Radojčić	properNoun	eng
Radonjičić	properNoun	hbs	Radonjičić	properNoun	eng
Radonjić	properNoun	hbs	Radonjić	properNoun	eng
Radulović	properNoun	hbs	Radulović	properNoun	eng
Radunović	properNoun	hbs	Radunović	properNoun	eng
Ražnjatović	properNoun	hbs	Ražnjatović	properNoun	eng
Raičević	properNoun	hbs	Raičević	properNoun	eng
Rakić	properNoun	hbs	Rakić	properNoun	eng
Rakočević	properNoun	hbs	Rakočević	properNoun	eng
Ramadanović	properNoun	hbs	Ramadanović	properNoun	eng
Ramanović	properNoun	hbs	Ramanović	properNoun	eng
Ramić	properNoun	hbs	Ramić	properNoun	eng
Ramović	properNoun	hbs	Ramović	properNoun	eng
Randić	properNoun	hbs	Randić	properNoun	eng
Rankić	properNoun	hbs	Rankić	properNoun	eng
Rasević	properNoun	hbs	Rasević	properNoun	eng
Raspopović	properNoun	hbs	Raspopović	properNoun	eng
Rašević	properNoun	hbs	Rašević	properNoun	eng
Rašidović	properNoun	hbs	Rašidović	properNoun	eng
Rašić	properNoun	hbs	Rašić	properNoun	eng
Rašković	properNoun	hbs	Rašković	properNoun	eng
Rađenović	properNoun	hbs	Rađenović	properNoun	eng
Rajačić	properNoun	hbs	Rajačić	properNoun	eng
Rajičević	properNoun	hbs	Rajičević	properNoun	eng
Rajić	properNoun	hbs	Rajić	properNoun	eng
Rajčević	properNoun	hbs	Rajčević	properNoun	eng
Rdaić	properNoun	hbs	Rdaić	properNoun	eng
Rebić	properNoun	hbs	Rebić	properNoun	eng
Repanović	properNoun	hbs	Repanović	properNoun	eng
Redžepagić	properNoun	hbs	Redžepagić	properNoun	eng
Ribić	properNoun	hbs	Ribić	properNoun	eng
Rinčić	properNoun	hbs	Rinčić	properNoun	eng
Ristivojević	properNoun	hbs	Ristivojević	properNoun	eng
Rističević	properNoun	hbs	Rističević	properNoun	eng
Ristić	properNoun	hbs	Ristić	properNoun	eng
Ristićević	properNoun	hbs	Ristićević	properNoun	eng
Roguljić	properNoun	hbs	Roguljić	properNoun	eng
Rodić	properNoun	hbs	Rodić	properNoun	eng
Rožić	properNoun	hbs	Rožić	properNoun	eng
Rozić	properNoun	hbs	Rozić	properNoun	eng
Rončević	properNoun	hbs	Rončević	properNoun	eng
Ropčić	properNoun	hbs	Ropčić	properNoun	eng
Rosić	properNoun	hbs	Rosić	properNoun	eng
Rostivojević	properNoun	hbs	Rostivojević	properNoun	eng
Rubinić	properNoun	hbs	Rubinić	properNoun	eng
Ruvić	properNoun	hbs	Ruvić	properNoun	eng
Rudović	properNoun	hbs	Rudović	properNoun	eng
Ružić	properNoun	hbs	Ružić	properNoun	eng
Ruić	properNoun	hbs	Ruić	properNoun	eng
Rupčić	properNoun	hbs	Rupčić	properNoun	eng
Rusinović	properNoun	hbs	Rusinović	properNoun	eng
Rustempašić	properNoun	hbs	Rustempašić	properNoun	eng
Savičević	properNoun	hbs	Savičević	properNoun	eng
Savić	properNoun	hbs	Savić	properNoun	eng
Savković	properNoun	hbs	Savković	properNoun	eng
Sadiković	properNoun	hbs	Sadiković	properNoun	eng
Sadović	properNoun	hbs	Sadović	properNoun	eng
Sainović	properNoun	hbs	Sainović	properNoun	eng
Sakić	properNoun	hbs	Sakić	properNoun	eng
Salihović	properNoun	hbs	Salihović	properNoun	eng
Salkić	properNoun	hbs	Salkić	properNoun	eng
Samaradžić	properNoun	hbs	Samaradžić	properNoun	eng
Sandić	properNoun	hbs	Sandić	properNoun	eng
Santić	properNoun	hbs	Santić	properNoun	eng
Sapić	properNoun	hbs	Sapić	properNoun	eng
Saranović	properNoun	hbs	Saranović	properNoun	eng
Sarančić	properNoun	hbs	Sarančić	properNoun	eng
Sarajlić	properNoun	hbs	Sarajlić	properNoun	eng
Sardelić	properNoun	hbs	Sardelić	properNoun	eng
Sarinić	properNoun	hbs	Sarinić	properNoun	eng
Sarić	properNoun	hbs	Sarić	properNoun	eng
Sarović	properNoun	hbs	Sarović	properNoun	eng
Sahanpašić	properNoun	hbs	Sahanpašić	properNoun	eng
Sviličić	properNoun	hbs	Sviličić	properNoun	eng
Svilić	properNoun	hbs	Svilić	properNoun	eng
Svilonović	properNoun	hbs	Svilonović	properNoun	eng
Svitanović	properNoun	hbs	Svitanović	properNoun	eng
Sević	properNoun	hbs	Sević	properNoun	eng
Sekarić	properNoun	hbs	Sekarić	properNoun	eng
Sekulić	properNoun	hbs	Sekulić	properNoun	eng
Sekulović	properNoun	hbs	Sekulović	properNoun	eng
Selaković	properNoun	hbs	Selaković	properNoun	eng
Selimović	properNoun	hbs	Selimović	properNoun	eng
Seničić	properNoun	hbs	Seničić	properNoun	eng
Senić	properNoun	hbs	Senić	properNoun	eng
Separović	properNoun	hbs	Separović	properNoun	eng
Sepić	properNoun	hbs	Sepić	properNoun	eng
Serdarević	properNoun	hbs	Serdarević	properNoun	eng
Serić	properNoun	hbs	Serić	properNoun	eng
Seftić	properNoun	hbs	Seftić	properNoun	eng
Sehagić	properNoun	hbs	Sehagić	properNoun	eng
Sehić	properNoun	hbs	Sehić	properNoun	eng
Sejtanić	properNoun	hbs	Sejtanić	properNoun	eng
Silobrćić	properNoun	hbs	Silobrćić	properNoun	eng
Simanović	properNoun	hbs	Simanović	properNoun	eng
Simatović	properNoun	hbs	Simatović	properNoun	eng
Simeunović	properNoun	hbs	Simeunović	properNoun	eng
Simić	properNoun	hbs	Simić	properNoun	eng
Simović	properNoun	hbs	Simović	properNoun	eng
Simonović	properNoun	hbs	Simonović	properNoun	eng
Simončić	properNoun	hbs	Simončić	properNoun	eng
Simsić	properNoun	hbs	Simsić	properNoun	eng
Simunić	properNoun	hbs	Simunić	properNoun	eng
Simunović	properNoun	hbs	Simunović	properNoun	eng
Simčić	properNoun	hbs	Simčić	properNoun	eng
Simšić	properNoun	hbs	Simšić	properNoun	eng
Sipić	properNoun	hbs	Sipić	properNoun	eng
Sitkić	properNoun	hbs	Sitkić	properNoun	eng
Sijačić	properNoun	hbs	Sijačić	properNoun	eng
Siljegović	properNoun	hbs	Siljegović	properNoun	eng
Skorić	properNoun	hbs	Skorić	properNoun	eng
Skrbić	properNoun	hbs	Skrbić	properNoun	eng
Skrbnić	properNoun	hbs	Skrbnić	properNoun	eng
Skuletić	properNoun	hbs	Skuletić	properNoun	eng
Skundrić	properNoun	hbs	Skundrić	properNoun	eng
Slavković	properNoun	hbs	Slavković	properNoun	eng
Slepčević	properNoun	hbs	Slepčević	properNoun	eng
Slišković	properNoun	hbs	Slišković	properNoun	eng
Sloković	properNoun	hbs	Sloković	properNoun	eng
Smailagić	properNoun	hbs	Smailagić	properNoun	eng
Smailović	properNoun	hbs	Smailović	properNoun	eng
Smajić	properNoun	hbs	Smajić	properNoun	eng
Smiljanić	properNoun	hbs	Smiljanić	properNoun	eng
Sobajić	properNoun	hbs	Sobajić	properNoun	eng
Sokolić	properNoun	hbs	Sokolić	properNoun	eng
Sokolović	properNoun	hbs	Sokolović	properNoun	eng
Softić	properNoun	hbs	Softić	properNoun	eng
Sojić	properNoun	hbs	Sojić	properNoun	eng
Soljačić	properNoun	hbs	Soljačić	properNoun	eng
Spaić	properNoun	hbs	Spaić	properNoun	eng
Spanović	properNoun	hbs	Spanović	properNoun	eng
Spasović	properNoun	hbs	Spasović	properNoun	eng
Spasoević	properNoun	hbs	Spasoević	properNoun	eng
Spasojević	properNoun	hbs	Spasojević	properNoun	eng
Spahić	properNoun	hbs	Spahić	properNoun	eng
Spajić	properNoun	hbs	Spajić	properNoun	eng
Spirić	properNoun	hbs	Spirić	properNoun	eng
Srbljanović	properNoun	hbs	Srbljanović	properNoun	eng
Srečković	properNoun	hbs	Srečković	properNoun	eng
Stažić	properNoun	hbs	Stažić	properNoun	eng
Stakić	properNoun	hbs	Stakić	properNoun	eng
Staletović	properNoun	hbs	Staletović	properNoun	eng
Stamenković	properNoun	hbs	Stamenković	properNoun	eng
Stanbolić	properNoun	hbs	Stanbolić	properNoun	eng
Stanimirović	properNoun	hbs	Stanimirović	properNoun	eng
Staničić	properNoun	hbs	Staničić	properNoun	eng
Stanić	properNoun	hbs	Stanić	properNoun	eng
Stanović	properNoun	hbs	Stanović	properNoun	eng
Stanojević	properNoun	hbs	Stanojević	properNoun	eng
Starčević	properNoun	hbs	Starčević	properNoun	eng
Stajkić	properNoun	hbs	Stajkić	properNoun	eng
Stevanović	properNoun	hbs	Stevanović	properNoun	eng
Stević	properNoun	hbs	Stević	properNoun	eng
Stipetić	properNoun	hbs	Stipetić	properNoun	eng
Stipišić	properNoun	hbs	Stipišić	properNoun	eng
Stipčević	properNoun	hbs	Stipčević	properNoun	eng
Stoić	properNoun	hbs	Stoić	properNoun	eng
Stokić	properNoun	hbs	Stokić	properNoun	eng
Stolić	properNoun	hbs	Stolić	properNoun	eng
Stoparić	properNoun	hbs	Stoparić	properNoun	eng
Stočić	properNoun	hbs	Stočić	properNoun	eng
Stošić	properNoun	hbs	Stošić	properNoun	eng
Stojaković	properNoun	hbs	Stojaković	properNoun	eng
Stojanović	properNoun	hbs	Stojanović	properNoun	eng
Stojilković	properNoun	hbs	Stojilković	properNoun	eng
Stojinić	properNoun	hbs	Stojinić	properNoun	eng
Stojičić	properNoun	hbs	Stojičić	properNoun	eng
Stojić	properNoun	hbs	Stojić	properNoun	eng
Stojkić	properNoun	hbs	Stojkić	properNoun	eng
Stojković	properNoun	hbs	Stojković	properNoun	eng
Stojmenović	properNoun	hbs	Stojmenović	properNoun	eng
Stojčinović	properNoun	hbs	Stojčinović	properNoun	eng
Stojčić	properNoun	hbs	Stojčić	properNoun	eng
Strinić	properNoun	hbs	Strinić	properNoun	eng
Subašić	properNoun	hbs	Subašić	properNoun	eng
Subotić	properNoun	hbs	Subotić	properNoun	eng
Suković	properNoun	hbs	Suković	properNoun	eng
Surović	properNoun	hbs	Surović	properNoun	eng
Sutanović	properNoun	hbs	Sutanović	properNoun	eng
Sutlić	properNoun	hbs	Sutlić	properNoun	eng
Suljagić	properNoun	hbs	Suljagić	properNoun	eng
Sunjić	properNoun	hbs	Sunjić	properNoun	eng
Sčekić	properNoun	hbs	Sčekić	properNoun	eng
Taduić	properNoun	hbs	Taduić	properNoun	eng
Talić	properNoun	hbs	Talić	properNoun	eng
Talović	properNoun	hbs	Talović	properNoun	eng
Tanković	properNoun	hbs	Tanković	properNoun	eng
Tanović	properNoun	hbs	Tanović	properNoun	eng
Tapušković	properNoun	hbs	Tapušković	properNoun	eng
Tašković	properNoun	hbs	Tašković	properNoun	eng
Tajdić	properNoun	hbs	Tajdić	properNoun	eng
Taljić	properNoun	hbs	Taljić	properNoun	eng
Tezić	properNoun	hbs	Tezić	properNoun	eng
Telalović	properNoun	hbs	Telalović	properNoun	eng
Teodorović	properNoun	hbs	Teodorović	properNoun	eng
Tepavčević	properNoun	hbs	Tepavčević	properNoun	eng
Tepšić	properNoun	hbs	Tepšić	properNoun	eng
Terzimehić	properNoun	hbs	Terzimehić	properNoun	eng
Terizić	properNoun	hbs	Terizić	properNoun	eng
Terselić	properNoun	hbs	Terselić	properNoun	eng
Tesanović	properNoun	hbs	Tesanović	properNoun	eng
Tesić	properNoun	hbs	Tesić	properNoun	eng
Teslić	properNoun	hbs	Teslić	properNoun	eng
Tešić	properNoun	hbs	Tešić	properNoun	eng
Tipsarević	properNoun	hbs	Tipsarević	properNoun	eng
Tičić	properNoun	hbs	Tičić	properNoun	eng
Tijardović	properNoun	hbs	Tijardović	properNoun	eng
Todić	properNoun	hbs	Todić	properNoun	eng
Todović	properNoun	hbs	Todović	properNoun	eng
Todorović	properNoun	hbs	Todorović	properNoun	eng
Tokić	properNoun	hbs	Tokić	properNoun	eng
Tolić	properNoun	hbs	Tolić	properNoun	eng
Tomanović	properNoun	hbs	Tomanović	properNoun	eng
Tomašević	properNoun	hbs	Tomašević	properNoun	eng
Tomičić	properNoun	hbs	Tomičić	properNoun	eng
Tomić	properNoun	hbs	Tomić	properNoun	eng
Tomčić	properNoun	hbs	Tomčić	properNoun	eng
Tonković	properNoun	hbs	Tonković	properNoun	eng
Topalović	properNoun	hbs	Topalović	properNoun	eng
Topić	properNoun	hbs	Topić	properNoun	eng
Topčagić	properNoun	hbs	Topčagić	properNoun	eng
Topčić	properNoun	hbs	Topčić	properNoun	eng
Torlaković	properNoun	hbs	Torlaković	properNoun	eng
Torodović	properNoun	hbs	Torodović	properNoun	eng
Tošić	properNoun	hbs	Tošić	properNoun	eng
Trailović	properNoun	hbs	Trailović	properNoun	eng
Trajanović	properNoun	hbs	Trajanović	properNoun	eng
Trajković	properNoun	hbs	Trajković	properNoun	eng
Trbić	properNoun	hbs	Trbić	properNoun	eng
Trbović	properNoun	hbs	Trbović	properNoun	eng
Trbojević	properNoun	hbs	Trbojević	properNoun	eng
Trgovčević	properNoun	hbs	Trgovčević	properNoun	eng
Trebević	properNoun	hbs	Trebević	properNoun	eng
Trifković	properNoun	hbs	Trifković	properNoun	eng
Trifunović	properNoun	hbs	Trifunović	properNoun	eng
Trmčić	properNoun	hbs	Trmčić	properNoun	eng
Tukić	properNoun	hbs	Tukić	properNoun	eng
Tumbaković	properNoun	hbs	Tumbaković	properNoun	eng
Tunović	properNoun	hbs	Tunović	properNoun	eng
Turajlić	properNoun	hbs	Turajlić	properNoun	eng
Turković	properNoun	hbs	Turković	properNoun	eng
Ugrešić	properNoun	hbs	Ugrešić	properNoun	eng
Udovičić	properNoun	hbs	Udovičić	properNoun	eng
Urbančić	properNoun	hbs	Urbančić	properNoun	eng
Uskoković	properNoun	hbs	Uskoković	properNoun	eng
Fazlić	properNoun	hbs	Fazlić	properNoun	eng
Fetić	properNoun	hbs	Fetić	properNoun	eng
Fejzić	properNoun	hbs	Fejzić	properNoun	eng
Filipović	properNoun	hbs	Filipović	properNoun	eng
Franić	properNoun	hbs	Franić	properNoun	eng
Franović	properNoun	hbs	Franović	properNoun	eng
Franjić	properNoun	hbs	Franjić	properNoun	eng
Friščić	properNoun	hbs	Friščić	properNoun	eng
Frković	properNoun	hbs	Frković	properNoun	eng
Halilović	properNoun	hbs	Halilović	properNoun	eng
Hamović	properNoun	hbs	Hamović	properNoun	eng
Handžić	properNoun	hbs	Handžić	properNoun	eng
Hasanagić	properNoun	hbs	Hasanagić	properNoun	eng
Hasanefendić	properNoun	hbs	Hasanefendić	properNoun	eng
Hasanović	properNoun	hbs	Hasanović	properNoun	eng
Hasečić	properNoun	hbs	Hasečić	properNoun	eng
Hasimbegović	properNoun	hbs	Hasimbegović	properNoun	eng
Hafizović	properNoun	hbs	Hafizović	properNoun	eng
Hašečić	properNoun	hbs	Hašečić	properNoun	eng
Hajduković	properNoun	hbs	Hajduković	properNoun	eng
Hajrić	properNoun	hbs	Hajrić	properNoun	eng
Hajrović	properNoun	hbs	Hajrović	properNoun	eng
Hajrulahović	properNoun	hbs	Hajrulahović	properNoun	eng
Hadžiabdić	properNoun	hbs	Hadžiabdić	properNoun	eng
Hadžiavdić	properNoun	hbs	Hadžiavdić	properNoun	eng
Hadžikapatanović	properNoun	hbs	Hadžikapatanović	properNoun	eng
Hadžimuhamedović	properNoun	hbs	Hadžimuhamedović	properNoun	eng
Hadžiomerović	properNoun	hbs	Hadžiomerović	properNoun	eng
Hadžipašić	properNoun	hbs	Hadžipašić	properNoun	eng
Hadžirušidović	properNoun	hbs	Hadžirušidović	properNoun	eng
Hadžihasanović	properNoun	hbs	Hadžihasanović	properNoun	eng
Horvatić	properNoun	hbs	Horvatić	properNoun	eng
Horvatović	properNoun	hbs	Horvatović	properNoun	eng
Hodžić	properNoun	hbs	Hodžić	properNoun	eng
Hrustanović	properNoun	hbs	Hrustanović	properNoun	eng
Hubić	properNoun	hbs	Hubić	properNoun	eng
Hurtić	properNoun	hbs	Hurtić	properNoun	eng
Husanović	properNoun	hbs	Husanović	properNoun	eng
Huseinović	properNoun	hbs	Huseinović	properNoun	eng
Husienović	properNoun	hbs	Husienović	properNoun	eng
Husić	properNoun	hbs	Husić	properNoun	eng
Huskić	properNoun	hbs	Huskić	properNoun	eng
Huljić	properNoun	hbs	Huljić	properNoun	eng
Cavić	properNoun	hbs	Cavić	properNoun	eng
Cvetković	properNoun	hbs	Cvetković	properNoun	eng
Cvitanović	properNoun	hbs	Cvitanović	properNoun	eng
Cvitešić	properNoun	hbs	Cvitešić	properNoun	eng
Cvijanović	properNoun	hbs	Cvijanović	properNoun	eng
Cvijović	properNoun	hbs	Cvijović	properNoun	eng
Cvjetanović	properNoun	hbs	Cvjetanović	properNoun	eng
Ceković	properNoun	hbs	Ceković	properNoun	eng
Cenić	properNoun	hbs	Cenić	properNoun	eng
Cerić	properNoun	hbs	Cerić	properNoun	eng
Cetić	properNoun	hbs	Cetić	properNoun	eng
Cikotić	properNoun	hbs	Cikotić	properNoun	eng
Cilić	properNoun	hbs	Cilić	properNoun	eng
Cirković	properNoun	hbs	Cirković	properNoun	eng
Crvenković	properNoun	hbs	Crvenković	properNoun	eng
Crnić	properNoun	hbs	Crnić	properNoun	eng
Crnkić	properNoun	hbs	Crnkić	properNoun	eng
Crnojević	properNoun	hbs	Crnojević	properNoun	eng
Cukarić	properNoun	hbs	Cukarić	properNoun	eng
Čanović	properNoun	hbs	Čanović	properNoun	eng
Čarapić	properNoun	hbs	Čarapić	properNoun	eng
Čatović	properNoun	hbs	Čatović	properNoun	eng
Čaušević	properNoun	hbs	Čaušević	properNoun	eng
Čacić	properNoun	hbs	Čacić	properNoun	eng
Čačić	properNoun	hbs	Čačić	properNoun	eng
Čekić	properNoun	hbs	Čekić	properNoun	eng
Čengić	properNoun	hbs	Čengić	properNoun	eng
Čeranić	properNoun	hbs	Čeranić	properNoun	eng
Čerić	properNoun	hbs	Čerić	properNoun	eng
Česić	properNoun	hbs	Česić	properNoun	eng
Češić	properNoun	hbs	Češić	properNoun	eng
Čikotić	properNoun	hbs	Čikotić	properNoun	eng
Čilić	properNoun	hbs	Čilić	properNoun	eng
Čirić	properNoun	hbs	Čirić	properNoun	eng
Čobanković	properNoun	hbs	Čobanković	properNoun	eng
Čobanović	properNoun	hbs	Čobanović	properNoun	eng
Čolić	properNoun	hbs	Čolić	properNoun	eng
Čorić	properNoun	hbs	Čorić	properNoun	eng
Čosić	properNoun	hbs	Čosić	properNoun	eng
Čotrić	properNoun	hbs	Čotrić	properNoun	eng
Čubrilović	properNoun	hbs	Čubrilović	properNoun	eng
Čukarić	properNoun	hbs	Čukarić	properNoun	eng
Čukotić	properNoun	hbs	Čukotić	properNoun	eng
Čuričić	properNoun	hbs	Čuričić	properNoun	eng
Čurić	properNoun	hbs	Čurić	properNoun	eng
Čurković	properNoun	hbs	Čurković	properNoun	eng
Čurčić	properNoun	hbs	Čurčić	properNoun	eng
Čučić	properNoun	hbs	Čučić	properNoun	eng
Šabanović	properNoun	hbs	Šabanović	properNoun	eng
Šabandžović	properNoun	hbs	Šabandžović	properNoun	eng
Šainović	properNoun	hbs	Šainović	properNoun	eng
Šapurić	properNoun	hbs	Šapurić	properNoun	eng
Šarić	properNoun	hbs	Šarić	properNoun	eng
Šarkić	properNoun	hbs	Šarkić	properNoun	eng
Šarović	properNoun	hbs	Šarović	properNoun	eng
Šahinpašić	properNoun	hbs	Šahinpašić	properNoun	eng
Šahović	properNoun	hbs	Šahović	properNoun	eng
Šaćirbegović	properNoun	hbs	Šaćirbegović	properNoun	eng
Šević	properNoun	hbs	Šević	properNoun	eng
Šekarić	properNoun	hbs	Šekarić	properNoun	eng
Šekić	properNoun	hbs	Šekić	properNoun	eng
Šeparović	properNoun	hbs	Šeparović	properNoun	eng
Šerifović	properNoun	hbs	Šerifović	properNoun	eng
Šehić	properNoun	hbs	Šehić	properNoun	eng
Šiminić	properNoun	hbs	Šiminić	properNoun	eng
Šimić	properNoun	hbs	Šimić	properNoun	eng
Šimunić	properNoun	hbs	Šimunić	properNoun	eng
Šimunović	properNoun	hbs	Šimunović	properNoun	eng
Šimšić	properNoun	hbs	Šimšić	properNoun	eng
Škekić	properNoun	hbs	Škekić	properNoun	eng
Škorić	properNoun	hbs	Škorić	properNoun	eng
Škrbić	properNoun	hbs	Škrbić	properNoun	eng
Škrobić	properNoun	hbs	Škrobić	properNoun	eng
Šlišković	properNoun	hbs	Šlišković	properNoun	eng
Šošić	properNoun	hbs	Šošić	properNoun	eng
Šoljačić	properNoun	hbs	Šoljačić	properNoun	eng
Šrkbić	properNoun	hbs	Šrkbić	properNoun	eng
Šturanović	properNoun	hbs	Šturanović	properNoun	eng
Šutanović	properNoun	hbs	Šutanović	properNoun	eng
Šujić	properNoun	hbs	Šujić	properNoun	eng
Šuljić	properNoun	hbs	Šuljić	properNoun	eng
Šunjić	properNoun	hbs	Šunjić	properNoun	eng
Ščekić	properNoun	hbs	Ščekić	properNoun	eng
Ščepanović	properNoun	hbs	Ščepanović	properNoun	eng
Tolstoj	properNoun	hbs	Tolstoj	properNoun	eng
Dobrajc	properNoun	hbs	Dobrajc	properNoun	eng
Rejc	properNoun	hbs	Rejc	properNoun	eng
Zdovc	properNoun	hbs	Zdovc	properNoun	eng
Aljaž	properNoun	hbs	Aljaž	properNoun	eng
Aljaž	properNoun	hbs	Aljaž	properNoun	eng
Ambrož	properNoun	hbs	Ambrož	properNoun	eng
Ambrož	properNoun	hbs	Ambrož	properNoun	eng
Matuš	properNoun	hbs	Matuš	properNoun	eng
Aaronson	properNoun	hbs	Aaronson	properNoun	eng
Voltaire	properNoun	hbs	Voltaire	properNoun	eng
Shakespeare	properNoun	hbs	Shakespeare	properNoun	eng
Albreht	properNoun	hbs	Albreht	properNoun	eng
Armstrong	properNoun	hbs	Armstrong	properNoun	eng
Bach	properNoun	hbs	Bach	properNoun	eng
Bailey	properNoun	hbs	Bailey	properNoun	eng
Bavčar	properNoun	hbs	Bavčar	properNoun	eng
Bizjak	properNoun	hbs	Bizjak	properNoun	eng
Borštner	properNoun	hbs	Borštner	properNoun	eng
Borštnik	properNoun	hbs	Borštnik	properNoun	eng
Byron	properNoun	hbs	Byron	properNoun	eng
Cankar	properNoun	hbs	Cankar	properNoun	eng
Cezar	properNoun	hbs	Cezar	properNoun	eng
Chaucer	properNoun	hbs	Chaucer	properNoun	eng
Churchill	properNoun	hbs	Churchill	properNoun	eng
Clinton	properNoun	hbs	Clinton	properNoun	eng
Cromwell	properNoun	hbs	Cromwell	properNoun	eng
Darwin	properNoun	hbs	Darwin	properNoun	eng
Debelak	properNoun	hbs	Debelak	properNoun	eng
Demšar	properNoun	hbs	Demšar	properNoun	eng
Dickens	properNoun	hbs	Dickens	properNoun	eng
Dragan	properNoun	hbs	Dragan	properNoun	eng
Dragan	properNoun	hbs	Dragan	properNoun	eng
Drnovšek	properNoun	hbs	Drnovšek	properNoun	eng
Edison	properNoun	hbs	Edison	properNoun	eng
Einstein	properNoun	hbs	Einstein	properNoun	eng
Freud	properNoun	hbs	Freud	properNoun	eng
Goldstein	properNoun	hbs	Goldstein	properNoun	eng
Grant	properNoun	hbs	Grant	properNoun	eng
Grant	properNoun	hbs	Grant	properNoun	eng
Hafner	properNoun	hbs	Hafner	properNoun	eng
Hitler	properNoun	hbs	Hitler	properNoun	eng
Hočevar	properNoun	hbs	Hočevar	properNoun	eng
Jefferson	properNoun	hbs	Jefferson	properNoun	eng
Jones	properNoun	hbs	Jones	properNoun	eng
Kant	properNoun	hbs	Kant	properNoun	eng
Kocjan	properNoun	hbs	Kocjan	properNoun	eng
Kolumb	properNoun	hbs	Kolumb	properNoun	eng
Krek	properNoun	hbs	Krek	properNoun	eng
Kučan	properNoun	hbs	Kučan	properNoun	eng
Lah	properNoun	hbs	Lah	properNoun	eng
Ludvik	properNoun	hbs	Ludvik	properNoun	eng
Ludvik	properNoun	hbs	Ludvik	properNoun	eng
Magellan	properNoun	hbs	Magellan	properNoun	eng
Marx	properNoun	hbs	Marx	properNoun	eng
Maver	properNoun	hbs	Maver	properNoun	eng
Milton	properNoun	hbs	Milton	properNoun	eng
Mlakar	properNoun	hbs	Mlakar	properNoun	eng
Nobel	properNoun	hbs	Nobel	properNoun	eng
Novak	properNoun	hbs	Novak	properNoun	eng
Novak	properNoun	hbs	Novak	properNoun	eng
O'Brien	properNoun	hbs	O'Brien	properNoun	eng
Parsons	properNoun	hbs	Parsons	properNoun	eng
Pečan	properNoun	hbs	Pečan	properNoun	eng
Pilat	properNoun	hbs	Pilat	properNoun	eng
Plečnik	properNoun	hbs	Plečnik	properNoun	eng
Plut	properNoun	hbs	Plut	properNoun	eng
Poljšak	properNoun	hbs	Poljšak	properNoun	eng
Požarnik	properNoun	hbs	Požarnik	properNoun	eng
Prešeren	properNoun	hbs	Prešeren	properNoun	eng
Pretnar	properNoun	hbs	Pretnar	properNoun	eng
Pukl	properNoun	hbs	Pukl	properNoun	eng
Puškin	properNoun	hbs	Puškin	properNoun	eng
Ravnikar	properNoun	hbs	Ravnikar	properNoun	eng
Romih	properNoun	hbs	Romih	properNoun	eng
Rus	properNoun	hbs	Rus	properNoun	eng
Rusjan	properNoun	hbs	Rusjan	properNoun	eng
Rutherford	properNoun	hbs	Rutherford	properNoun	eng
Sisinger	properNoun	hbs	Sisinger	properNoun	eng
Sitar	properNoun	hbs	Sitar	properNoun	eng
Smith	properNoun	hbs	Smith	properNoun	eng
Swift	properNoun	hbs	Swift	properNoun	eng
Tancig	properNoun	hbs	Tancig	properNoun	eng
Tillotson	properNoun	hbs	Tillotson	properNoun	eng
Urban	properNoun	hbs	Urban	properNoun	eng
Urban	properNoun	hbs	Urban	properNoun	eng
Valvasor	properNoun	hbs	Valvasor	properNoun	eng
Vidmar	properNoun	hbs	Vidmar	properNoun	eng
Vilfan	properNoun	hbs	Vilfan	properNoun	eng
Watson	properNoun	hbs	Watson	properNoun	eng
Williams	properNoun	hbs	Williams	properNoun	eng
Wilsher	properNoun	hbs	Wilsher	properNoun	eng
Wilson	properNoun	hbs	Wilson	properNoun	eng
Wright	properNoun	hbs	Wright	properNoun	eng
Zupan	properNoun	hbs	Zupan	properNoun	eng
Bulgakov	properNoun	hbs	Bulgakov	properNoun	eng
Popov	properNoun	hbs	Popov	properNoun	eng
Borisov	properNoun	hbs	Borisov	properNoun	eng
Kostov	properNoun	hbs	Kostov	properNoun	eng
Lavrov	properNoun	hbs	Lavrov	properNoun	eng
Parvanov	properNoun	hbs	Parvanov	properNoun	eng
Dimitrov	properNoun	hbs	Dimitrov	properNoun	eng
Ivanov	properNoun	hbs	Ivanov	properNoun	eng
Petkov	properNoun	hbs	Petkov	properNoun	eng
Petrov	properNoun	hbs	Petrov	properNoun	eng
Velčev	properNoun	hbs	Velčev	properNoun	eng
Stanišev	properNoun	hbs	Stanišev	properNoun	eng
Botev	properNoun	hbs	Botev	properNoun	eng
Georgiev	properNoun	hbs	Georgiev	properNoun	eng
Žečev	properNoun	hbs	Žečev	properNoun	eng
Boškovski	properNoun	hbs	Boškovski	properNoun	eng
Dostojevski	properNoun	hbs	Dostojevski	properNoun	eng
Gruevski	properNoun	hbs	Gruevski	properNoun	eng
Milošoski	properNoun	hbs	Milošoski	properNoun	eng
Nikolovski	properNoun	hbs	Nikolovski	properNoun	eng
Saksoburgotski	properNoun	hbs	Saksoburgotski	properNoun	eng
Tarčulovski	properNoun	hbs	Tarčulovski	properNoun	eng
Crvenkovski	properNoun	hbs	Crvenkovski	properNoun	eng
Levski	properNoun	hbs	Levski	properNoun	eng
Đurovski	properNoun	hbs	Đurovski	properNoun	eng
Đurčevski	properNoun	hbs	Đurčevski	properNoun	eng
Jakimovski	properNoun	hbs	Jakimovski	properNoun	eng
Janakievski	properNoun	hbs	Janakievski	properNoun	eng
Janakieski	properNoun	hbs	Janakieski	properNoun	eng
Janevski	properNoun	hbs	Janevski	properNoun	eng
Jankulovski	properNoun	hbs	Jankulovski	properNoun	eng
Jovanovski	properNoun	hbs	Jovanovski	properNoun	eng
Jolevski	properNoun	hbs	Jolevski	properNoun	eng
Jordanovski	properNoun	hbs	Jordanovski	properNoun	eng
Josifovski	properNoun	hbs	Josifovski	properNoun	eng
Avramovski	properNoun	hbs	Avramovski	properNoun	eng
Avramski	properNoun	hbs	Avramski	properNoun	eng
Aleksievski	properNoun	hbs	Aleksievski	properNoun	eng
Aleksovski	properNoun	hbs	Aleksovski	properNoun	eng
Anatoliski	properNoun	hbs	Anatoliski	properNoun	eng
Andonovski	properNoun	hbs	Andonovski	properNoun	eng
Antonovski	properNoun	hbs	Antonovski	properNoun	eng
Apostolski	properNoun	hbs	Apostolski	properNoun	eng
Arsovski	properNoun	hbs	Arsovski	properNoun	eng
Acevski	properNoun	hbs	Acevski	properNoun	eng
Ajanovski	properNoun	hbs	Ajanovski	properNoun	eng
Babaeski	properNoun	hbs	Babaeski	properNoun	eng
Balkovski	properNoun	hbs	Balkovski	properNoun	eng
Bašeski	properNoun	hbs	Bašeski	properNoun	eng
Baščaršiski	properNoun	hbs	Baščaršiski	properNoun	eng
Beldedovski	properNoun	hbs	Beldedovski	properNoun	eng
Berezovski	properNoun	hbs	Berezovski	properNoun	eng
Bičikliski	properNoun	hbs	Bičikliski	properNoun	eng
Blaževski	properNoun	hbs	Blaževski	properNoun	eng
Božinovski	properNoun	hbs	Božinovski	properNoun	eng
Bocevski	properNoun	hbs	Bocevski	properNoun	eng
Brezinski	properNoun	hbs	Brezinski	properNoun	eng
Bugajski	properNoun	hbs	Bugajski	properNoun	eng
Buldožerski	properNoun	hbs	Buldožerski	properNoun	eng
Bundaleski	properNoun	hbs	Bundaleski	properNoun	eng
Bučovski	properNoun	hbs	Bučovski	properNoun	eng
Važikovski	properNoun	hbs	Važikovski	properNoun	eng
Vasilevski	properNoun	hbs	Vasilevski	properNoun	eng
Velinovski	properNoun	hbs	Velinovski	properNoun	eng
Veljanovski	properNoun	hbs	Veljanovski	properNoun	eng
Veruševski	properNoun	hbs	Veruševski	properNoun	eng
Vinodolski	properNoun	hbs	Vinodolski	properNoun	eng
Vistinski	properNoun	hbs	Vistinski	properNoun	eng
Vraniškovski	properNoun	hbs	Vraniškovski	properNoun	eng
Vrčakovski	properNoun	hbs	Vrčakovski	properNoun	eng
Vukovarski	properNoun	hbs	Vukovarski	properNoun	eng
Gabrovski	properNoun	hbs	Gabrovski	properNoun	eng
Gavrijski	properNoun	hbs	Gavrijski	properNoun	eng
Gagovski	properNoun	hbs	Gagovski	properNoun	eng
Galazovski	properNoun	hbs	Galazovski	properNoun	eng
Galevski	properNoun	hbs	Galevski	properNoun	eng
Ganecovski	properNoun	hbs	Ganecovski	properNoun	eng
Gajdarski	properNoun	hbs	Gajdarski	properNoun	eng
Gelevski	properNoun	hbs	Gelevski	properNoun	eng
Georgievski	properNoun	hbs	Georgievski	properNoun	eng
Gerasimovski	properNoun	hbs	Gerasimovski	properNoun	eng
Geštakovski	properNoun	hbs	Geštakovski	properNoun	eng
Grozdanovski	properNoun	hbs	Grozdanovski	properNoun	eng
Gusinski	properNoun	hbs	Gusinski	properNoun	eng
Dabeski	properNoun	hbs	Dabeski	properNoun	eng
Damjanovski	properNoun	hbs	Damjanovski	properNoun	eng
Daravelski	properNoun	hbs	Daravelski	properNoun	eng
Daštevski	properNoun	hbs	Daštevski	properNoun	eng
Dvorzinski	properNoun	hbs	Dvorzinski	properNoun	eng
Demirovski	properNoun	hbs	Demirovski	properNoun	eng
Denski	properNoun	hbs	Denski	properNoun	eng
Dimovski	properNoun	hbs	Dimovski	properNoun	eng
Dimuševski	properNoun	hbs	Dimuševski	properNoun	eng
Dobrijanski	properNoun	hbs	Dobrijanski	properNoun	eng
Dodovski	properNoun	hbs	Dodovski	properNoun	eng
Dostoevski	properNoun	hbs	Dostoevski	properNoun	eng
Dramski	properNoun	hbs	Dramski	properNoun	eng
Dukovski	properNoun	hbs	Dukovski	properNoun	eng
Žernovski	properNoun	hbs	Žernovski	properNoun	eng
Zafirovski	properNoun	hbs	Zafirovski	properNoun	eng
Ivanovski	properNoun	hbs	Ivanovski	properNoun	eng
Ilievski	properNoun	hbs	Ilievski	properNoun	eng
Kažinski	properNoun	hbs	Kažinski	properNoun	eng
Kaziski	properNoun	hbs	Kaziski	properNoun	eng
Kazijski	properNoun	hbs	Kazijski	properNoun	eng
Kambovski	properNoun	hbs	Kambovski	properNoun	eng
Kamski	properNoun	hbs	Kamski	properNoun	eng
Kanarski	properNoun	hbs	Kanarski	properNoun	eng
Kvasnievski	properNoun	hbs	Kvasnievski	properNoun	eng
Kvašnjevski	properNoun	hbs	Kvašnjevski	properNoun	eng
Keskovski	properNoun	hbs	Keskovski	properNoun	eng
Kizierovski	properNoun	hbs	Kizierovski	properNoun	eng
Kitanovski	properNoun	hbs	Kitanovski	properNoun	eng
Kišlovski	properNoun	hbs	Kišlovski	properNoun	eng
Klimovski	properNoun	hbs	Klimovski	properNoun	eng
Koburgski	properNoun	hbs	Koburgski	properNoun	eng
Kokunešoski	properNoun	hbs	Kokunešoski	properNoun	eng
Kolakovski	properNoun	hbs	Kolakovski	properNoun	eng
Kolarski	properNoun	hbs	Kolarski	properNoun	eng
Komitski	properNoun	hbs	Komitski	properNoun	eng
Kondovski	properNoun	hbs	Kondovski	properNoun	eng
Kostovski	properNoun	hbs	Kostovski	properNoun	eng
Kotevski	properNoun	hbs	Kotevski	properNoun	eng
Kočovski	properNoun	hbs	Kočovski	properNoun	eng
Konjanovski	properNoun	hbs	Konjanovski	properNoun	eng
Krstevski	properNoun	hbs	Krstevski	properNoun	eng
Kuculovski	properNoun	hbs	Kuculovski	properNoun	eng
Lavroski	properNoun	hbs	Lavroski	properNoun	eng
Lazanski	properNoun	hbs	Lazanski	properNoun	eng
Lazarovski	properNoun	hbs	Lazarovski	properNoun	eng
Lazinski	properNoun	hbs	Lazinski	properNoun	eng
Lečevski	properNoun	hbs	Lečevski	properNoun	eng
Leštanski	properNoun	hbs	Leštanski	properNoun	eng
Malakovski	properNoun	hbs	Malakovski	properNoun	eng
Malevski	properNoun	hbs	Malevski	properNoun	eng
Malinovski	properNoun	hbs	Malinovski	properNoun	eng
Manasievski	properNoun	hbs	Manasievski	properNoun	eng
Manasijevski	properNoun	hbs	Manasijevski	properNoun	eng
Manevski	properNoun	hbs	Manevski	properNoun	eng
Mančevski	properNoun	hbs	Mančevski	properNoun	eng
Marinski	properNoun	hbs	Marinski	properNoun	eng
Markovski	properNoun	hbs	Markovski	properNoun	eng
Martinoski	properNoun	hbs	Martinoski	properNoun	eng
Matevski	properNoun	hbs	Matevski	properNoun	eng
Mediumski	properNoun	hbs	Mediumski	properNoun	eng
MekKloski	properNoun	hbs	MekKloski	properNoun	eng
Menkinovski	properNoun	hbs	Menkinovski	properNoun	eng
Miladinovski	properNoun	hbs	Miladinovski	properNoun	eng
Milenkovski	properNoun	hbs	Milenkovski	properNoun	eng
Miloševski	properNoun	hbs	Miloševski	properNoun	eng
Minkovski	properNoun	hbs	Minkovski	properNoun	eng
Mitevski	properNoun	hbs	Mitevski	properNoun	eng
Mitrevski	properNoun	hbs	Mitrevski	properNoun	eng
Mitrićeski	properNoun	hbs	Mitrićeski	properNoun	eng
Mitrovski	properNoun	hbs	Mitrovski	properNoun	eng
Mihajlovski	properNoun	hbs	Mihajlovski	properNoun	eng
Mišačkovski	properNoun	hbs	Mišačkovski	properNoun	eng
Mladenovski	properNoun	hbs	Mladenovski	properNoun	eng
Mladinski	properNoun	hbs	Mladinski	properNoun	eng
Muličkovski	properNoun	hbs	Muličkovski	properNoun	eng
Muratovski	properNoun	hbs	Muratovski	properNoun	eng
Mučunski	properNoun	hbs	Mučunski	properNoun	eng
Muševski	properNoun	hbs	Muševski	properNoun	eng
Naumovski	properNoun	hbs	Naumovski	properNoun	eng
Najdenovski	properNoun	hbs	Najdenovski	properNoun	eng
Najdovski	properNoun	hbs	Najdovski	properNoun	eng
Nevski	properNoun	hbs	Nevski	properNoun	eng
Nestorovski	properNoun	hbs	Nestorovski	properNoun	eng
Nešovski	properNoun	hbs	Nešovski	properNoun	eng
Nikovski	properNoun	hbs	Nikovski	properNoun	eng
Novakovski	properNoun	hbs	Novakovski	properNoun	eng
Novopazarski	properNoun	hbs	Novopazarski	properNoun	eng
Ordanoski	properNoun	hbs	Ordanoski	properNoun	eng
Orešarski	properNoun	hbs	Orešarski	properNoun	eng
Pavlovski	properNoun	hbs	Pavlovski	properNoun	eng
Panevski	properNoun	hbs	Panevski	properNoun	eng
Partiski	properNoun	hbs	Partiski	properNoun	eng
Patarovski	properNoun	hbs	Patarovski	properNoun	eng
Paunovski	properNoun	hbs	Paunovski	properNoun	eng
Peevski	properNoun	hbs	Peevski	properNoun	eng
Pelovski	properNoun	hbs	Pelovski	properNoun	eng
Peloponeski	properNoun	hbs	Peloponeski	properNoun	eng
Pendarovski	properNoun	hbs	Pendarovski	properNoun	eng
Petkovski	properNoun	hbs	Petkovski	properNoun	eng
Petrevski	properNoun	hbs	Petrevski	properNoun	eng
Petreski	properNoun	hbs	Petreski	properNoun	eng
Petrovski	properNoun	hbs	Petrovski	properNoun	eng
Petroski	properNoun	hbs	Petroski	properNoun	eng
Petruševski	properNoun	hbs	Petruševski	properNoun	eng
Peševski	properNoun	hbs	Peševski	properNoun	eng
Piranski	properNoun	hbs	Piranski	properNoun	eng
Pirinski	properNoun	hbs	Pirinski	properNoun	eng
Polanski	properNoun	hbs	Polanski	properNoun	eng
Posavski	properNoun	hbs	Posavski	properNoun	eng
Proevski	properNoun	hbs	Proevski	properNoun	eng
Prošenski	properNoun	hbs	Prošenski	properNoun	eng
Projkovski	properNoun	hbs	Projkovski	properNoun	eng
Prčevski	properNoun	hbs	Prčevski	properNoun	eng
Puninski	properNoun	hbs	Puninski	properNoun	eng
Puhovski	properNoun	hbs	Puhovski	properNoun	eng
Rasinski	properNoun	hbs	Rasinski	properNoun	eng
Raštanski	properNoun	hbs	Raštanski	properNoun	eng
Risovski	properNoun	hbs	Risovski	properNoun	eng
Ristevski	properNoun	hbs	Ristevski	properNoun	eng
Risteski	properNoun	hbs	Risteski	properNoun	eng
Rozvadovski	properNoun	hbs	Rozvadovski	properNoun	eng
Romanski	properNoun	hbs	Romanski	properNoun	eng
Rohatinski	properNoun	hbs	Rohatinski	properNoun	eng
Ruzinski	properNoun	hbs	Ruzinski	properNoun	eng
Ruskovski	properNoun	hbs	Ruskovski	properNoun	eng
Sakskoburgotski	properNoun	hbs	Sakskoburgotski	properNoun	eng
Samardžioski	properNoun	hbs	Samardžioski	properNoun	eng
Sandanski	properNoun	hbs	Sandanski	properNoun	eng
Saržoski	properNoun	hbs	Saržoski	properNoun	eng
Svietelski	properNoun	hbs	Svietelski	properNoun	eng
Sevlievski	properNoun	hbs	Sevlievski	properNoun	eng
Sekulovski	properNoun	hbs	Sekulovski	properNoun	eng
Serafimovski	properNoun	hbs	Serafimovski	properNoun	eng
Simonovski	properNoun	hbs	Simonovski	properNoun	eng
Skordovski	properNoun	hbs	Skordovski	properNoun	eng
Slavevski	properNoun	hbs	Slavevski	properNoun	eng
Slavenski	properNoun	hbs	Slavenski	properNoun	eng
Slaveski	properNoun	hbs	Slaveski	properNoun	eng
Slavonski	properNoun	hbs	Slavonski	properNoun	eng
Smilevski	properNoun	hbs	Smilevski	properNoun	eng
Smilenski	properNoun	hbs	Smilenski	properNoun	eng
Smoravinski	properNoun	hbs	Smoravinski	properNoun	eng
Sofijanski	properNoun	hbs	Sofijanski	properNoun	eng
Spasenovski	properNoun	hbs	Spasenovski	properNoun	eng
Spasovski	properNoun	hbs	Spasovski	properNoun	eng
Staviski	properNoun	hbs	Staviski	properNoun	eng
Stavijski	properNoun	hbs	Stavijski	properNoun	eng
Stavrevski	properNoun	hbs	Stavrevski	properNoun	eng
Stavreski	properNoun	hbs	Stavreski	properNoun	eng
Stamboliski	properNoun	hbs	Stamboliski	properNoun	eng
Stankovski	properNoun	hbs	Stankovski	properNoun	eng
Stanojkovski	properNoun	hbs	Stanojkovski	properNoun	eng
Stepanuleski	properNoun	hbs	Stepanuleski	properNoun	eng
Stefanovski	properNoun	hbs	Stefanovski	properNoun	eng
Stojanovski	properNoun	hbs	Stojanovski	properNoun	eng
Stojkovski	properNoun	hbs	Stojkovski	properNoun	eng
Stojkoski	properNoun	hbs	Stojkoski	properNoun	eng
Stojmenovski	properNoun	hbs	Stojmenovski	properNoun	eng
Stojčevski	properNoun	hbs	Stojčevski	properNoun	eng
Stranski	properNoun	hbs	Stranski	properNoun	eng
Strezovski	properNoun	hbs	Strezovski	properNoun	eng
Talevski	properNoun	hbs	Talevski	properNoun	eng
Tanevski	properNoun	hbs	Tanevski	properNoun	eng
Taneski	properNoun	hbs	Taneski	properNoun	eng
Tanuševski	properNoun	hbs	Tanuševski	properNoun	eng
Teodosievski	properNoun	hbs	Teodosievski	properNoun	eng
Todorovski	properNoun	hbs	Todorovski	properNoun	eng
Trajčevski	properNoun	hbs	Trajčevski	properNoun	eng
Trifunovski	properNoun	hbs	Trifunovski	properNoun	eng
Trpevski	properNoun	hbs	Trpevski	properNoun	eng
Trpenovski	properNoun	hbs	Trpenovski	properNoun	eng
Trpeski	properNoun	hbs	Trpeski	properNoun	eng
Trpčevski	properNoun	hbs	Trpčevski	properNoun	eng
Trpčeski	properNoun	hbs	Trpčeski	properNoun	eng
Tružinski	properNoun	hbs	Tružinski	properNoun	eng
Tuzlanski	properNoun	hbs	Tuzlanski	properNoun	eng
Tupurkovski	properNoun	hbs	Tupurkovski	properNoun	eng
Ugrinovski	properNoun	hbs	Ugrinovski	properNoun	eng
Unkovski	properNoun	hbs	Unkovski	properNoun	eng
Filipovski	properNoun	hbs	Filipovski	properNoun	eng
Frčkovski	properNoun	hbs	Frčkovski	properNoun	eng
Frčovski	properNoun	hbs	Frčovski	properNoun	eng
Fudbalski	properNoun	hbs	Fudbalski	properNoun	eng
Hilendarski	properNoun	hbs	Hilendarski	properNoun	eng
Cakovski	properNoun	hbs	Cakovski	properNoun	eng
Canovski	properNoun	hbs	Canovski	properNoun	eng
Carinski	properNoun	hbs	Carinski	properNoun	eng
Cvetanovski	properNoun	hbs	Cvetanovski	properNoun	eng
Cvetkoski	properNoun	hbs	Cvetkoski	properNoun	eng
Cerovski	properNoun	hbs	Cerovski	properNoun	eng
Colkovski	properNoun	hbs	Colkovski	properNoun	eng
Crvenovski	properNoun	hbs	Crvenovski	properNoun	eng
Čajkovski	properNoun	hbs	Čajkovski	properNoun	eng
Čemerski	properNoun	hbs	Čemerski	properNoun	eng
Čičevski	properNoun	hbs	Čičevski	properNoun	eng
Čokrevski	properNoun	hbs	Čokrevski	properNoun	eng
Čolakovski	properNoun	hbs	Čolakovski	properNoun	eng
Čočorovski	properNoun	hbs	Čočorovski	properNoun	eng
Šambevski	properNoun	hbs	Šambevski	properNoun	eng
Šarevski	properNoun	hbs	Šarevski	properNoun	eng
Ševlievski	properNoun	hbs	Ševlievski	properNoun	eng
Šulajkovski	properNoun	hbs	Šulajkovski	properNoun	eng
Šumkovski	properNoun	hbs	Šumkovski	properNoun	eng
Elenovski	properNoun	hbs	Elenovski	properNoun	eng
Bučkovski	properNoun	hbs	Bučkovski	properNoun	eng
Trajkovski	properNoun	hbs	Trajkovski	properNoun	eng
Abraham	properNoun	hbs	Abraham	properNoun	eng
Adam	properNoun	hbs	Adam	properNoun	eng
Albert	properNoun	hbs	Albert	properNoun	eng
Albin	properNoun	hbs	Albin	properNoun	eng
Aleksander	properNoun	hbs	Aleksander	properNoun	eng
Alfred	properNoun	hbs	Alfred	properNoun	eng
Andrej	properNoun	hbs	Andrej	properNoun	eng
Anton	properNoun	hbs	Anton	properNoun	eng
Baal	properNoun	hbs	Baal	properNoun	eng
Baltazar	properNoun	hbs	Baltazar	properNoun	eng
Baltazar	properNoun	hbs	Balthasar	properNoun	eng
Benjamin	properNoun	hbs	Benjamin	properNoun	eng
Bernard	properNoun	hbs	Bernard	properNoun	eng
Bob	properNoun	hbs	Bob	properNoun	eng
Bogdan	properNoun	hbs	Bogdan	properNoun	eng
Bojan	properNoun	hbs	Bojan	properNoun	eng
Boris	properNoun	hbs	Boris	properNoun	eng
Boštjan	properNoun	hbs	Boštjan	properNoun	eng
Ciril	properNoun	hbs	Ciril	properNoun	eng
Damjan	properNoun	hbs	Damjan	properNoun	eng
Dušan	properNoun	hbs	Dušan	properNoun	eng
Edvard	properNoun	hbs	Edvard	properNoun	eng
Edvard	properNoun	hbs	Edward	properNoun	eng
Emil	properNoun	hbs	Emil	properNoun	eng
Emmanuel	properNoun	hbs	Emmanuel	properNoun	eng
Filip	properNoun	hbs	Filip	properNoun	eng
Fran	properNoun	hbs	Fran	properNoun	eng
Franc	properNoun	hbs	Franc	properNoun	eng
Gabrijel	properNoun	hbs	Gabrijel	properNoun	eng
Gabrijel	properNoun	hbs	Gabriel	properNoun	eng
Gregor	properNoun	hbs	Gregor	properNoun	eng
Gregorij	properNoun	hbs	Gregorij	properNoun	eng
Hamlet	properNoun	hbs	Hamlet	properNoun	eng
Henrik	properNoun	hbs	Henrik	properNoun	eng
Hipokrat	properNoun	hbs	Hippocrates	properNoun	eng
Hubert	properNoun	hbs	Hubert	properNoun	eng
Ignacij	properNoun	hbs	Ignacij	properNoun	eng
Igor	properNoun	hbs	Igor	properNoun	eng
Ivan	properNoun	hbs	Ivan	properNoun	eng
Izak	properNoun	hbs	Izak	properNoun	eng
Iztok	properNoun	hbs	Iztok	properNoun	eng
Jakob	properNoun	hbs	Jakob	properNoun	eng
Jakob	properNoun	hbs	Jakob	properNoun	eng
James	properNoun	hbs	James	properNoun	eng
Isus	properNoun	hbs	Jesus	properNoun	eng
John	properNoun	hbs	John	properNoun	eng
Josip	properNoun	hbs	Josip	properNoun	eng
Jožef	properNoun	hbs	Jožef	properNoun	eng
Jurij	properNoun	hbs	Jurij	properNoun	eng
Kajn	properNoun	hbs	Kajn	properNoun	eng
Karel	properNoun	hbs	Karel	properNoun	eng
Klementin	properNoun	hbs	Klementin	properNoun	eng
Konstantin	properNoun	hbs	Konstantin	properNoun	eng
Krištof	properNoun	hbs	Krištof	properNoun	eng
Krist	properNoun	hbs	Christ	properNoun	eng
Leopold	properNoun	hbs	Leopold	properNoun	eng
Lovrenc	properNoun	hbs	Lovrenc	properNoun	eng
Lovrenc	properNoun	hbs	Lovrenc	properNoun	eng
Marcel	properNoun	hbs	Marcel	properNoun	eng
Marijan	properNoun	hbs	Marijan	properNoun	eng
Martin	properNoun	hbs	Martin	properNoun	eng
Matej	properNoun	hbs	Matej	properNoun	eng
Metod	properNoun	hbs	Methodius	properNoun	eng
Milan	properNoun	hbs	Milan	properNoun	eng
Oliver	properNoun	hbs	Oliver	properNoun	eng
Oskar	properNoun	hbs	Oskar	properNoun	eng
Oton	properNoun	hbs	Oton	properNoun	eng
Oziris	properNoun	hbs	Osiris	properNoun	eng
Pankracij	properNoun	hbs	Pancratius	properNoun	eng
Peter	properNoun	hbs	Peter	properNoun	eng
Rafael	properNoun	hbs	Rafael	properNoun	eng
Robert	properNoun	hbs	Robert	properNoun	eng
Roman	properNoun	hbs	Roman	properNoun	eng
Samuel	properNoun	hbs	Samuel	properNoun	eng
Simon	properNoun	hbs	Simon	properNoun	eng
Sokrat	properNoun	hbs	Socrates	properNoun	eng
Stalin	properNoun	hbs	Stalin	properNoun	eng
Tadej	properNoun	hbs	Tadej	properNoun	eng
Tarzan	properNoun	hbs	Tarzan	properNoun	eng
Tom	properNoun	hbs	Tom	properNoun	eng
Vid	properNoun	hbs	Vid	properNoun	eng
Vid	properNoun	hbs	Vid	properNoun	eng
Viljem	properNoun	hbs	Viljem	properNoun	eng
Viljem	properNoun	hbs	William	properNoun	eng
Vitodrag	properNoun	hbs	Vitodrag	properNoun	eng
Vladimir	properNoun	hbs	Vladimir	properNoun	eng
William	properNoun	hbs	William	properNoun	eng
Winston	properNoun	hbs	Winston	properNoun	eng
Blaž	properNoun	hbs	Blaž	properNoun	eng
Judež	properNoun	hbs	Judež	properNoun	eng
Matjaž	properNoun	hbs	Matjaž	properNoun	eng
Primož	properNoun	hbs	Primož	properNoun	eng
Tomaž	properNoun	hbs	Tomaž	properNoun	eng
Uroš	properNoun	hbs	Uroš	properNoun	eng
Bogo	properNoun	hbs	Bogo	properNoun	eng
Bogo	properNoun	hbs	Bogo	properNoun	eng
Božo	properNoun	hbs	Božo	properNoun	eng
Branko	properNoun	hbs	Branko	properNoun	eng
Darko	properNoun	hbs	Darko	properNoun	eng
Drago	properNoun	hbs	Drago	properNoun	eng
Jožko	properNoun	hbs	Jožko	properNoun	eng
Romeo	properNoun	hbs	Romeo	properNoun	eng
Sergio	properNoun	hbs	Sergio	properNoun	eng
Slavko	properNoun	hbs	Slavko	properNoun	eng
Tito	properNoun	hbs	Tito	properNoun	eng
Tomo	properNoun	hbs	Tomo	properNoun	eng
Vinko	properNoun	hbs	Vinko	properNoun	eng
Vojko	properNoun	hbs	Vojko	properNoun	eng
Brane	properNoun	hbs	Brane	properNoun	eng
France	properNoun	hbs	France	properNoun	eng
Jože	properNoun	hbs	Jože	properNoun	eng
Jure	properNoun	hbs	Jure	properNoun	eng
Pavle	properNoun	hbs	Pavle	properNoun	eng
Polde	properNoun	hbs	Polde	properNoun	eng
Stane	properNoun	hbs	Stane	properNoun	eng
Tine	properNoun	hbs	Tine	properNoun	eng
Tone	properNoun	hbs	Tone	properNoun	eng
Nikola	properNoun	hbs	Nikola	properNoun	eng
žiga	properNoun	hbs	žiga	properNoun	eng
Joža	properNoun	hbs	Joža	properNoun	eng
Pavao	properNoun	hbs	Pavao	properNoun	eng
Pavao	properNoun	hbs	Paul	properNoun	eng
Dragiša	properNoun	hbs	Dragiša	properNoun	eng
Nemanja	properNoun	hbs	Nemanja	properNoun	eng
Grega	properNoun	hbs	Grega	properNoun	eng
Juda	properNoun	hbs	Judas	properNoun	eng
Luka	properNoun	hbs	Luka	properNoun	eng
Matija	properNoun	hbs	Matija	properNoun	eng
Mitja	properNoun	hbs	Mitja	properNoun	eng
Saša	properNoun	hbs	Saša	properNoun	eng
Saša	properNoun	hbs	Saša	properNoun	eng
Vanja	properNoun	hbs	Vanja	properNoun	eng
Vanja	properNoun	hbs	Vanja	properNoun	eng
Pitagora	properNoun	hbs	Pythagoras	properNoun	eng
Bajram	properNoun	hbs	Bajram	properNoun	eng
Fatlum	properNoun	hbs	Fatlum	properNoun	eng
Hasan	properNoun	hbs	Hasan	properNoun	eng
David	properNoun	hbs	David	properNoun	eng
Dragutin	properNoun	hbs	Dragutin	properNoun	eng
Hrvatska	properNoun	hbs	Croatia	properNoun	eng
Mađarska	properNoun	hbs	Hungary	properNoun	eng
Češka	properNoun	hbs	Czech Republic	properNoun	eng
Štajerska	properNoun	hbs	Styria	properNoun	eng
Škotska	properNoun	hbs	Scotland	properNoun	eng
Danska	properNoun	hbs	Denmark	properNoun	eng
Irska	properNoun	hbs	Ireland	properNoun	eng
Moravska	properNoun	hbs	Moravia	properNoun	eng
Koruška	properNoun	hbs	Carinthia	properNoun	eng
Turska	properNoun	hbs	Turkey	properNoun	eng
Bugarska	properNoun	hbs	Bulgaria	properNoun	eng
Finska	properNoun	hbs	Finland	properNoun	eng
Francuska	properNoun	hbs	France	properNoun	eng
Švedska	properNoun	hbs	Sweden	properNoun	eng
Španija	properNoun	hbs	Spain	properNoun	eng
Španjolska	properNoun	hbs	Spain	properNoun	eng
Švicarska	properNoun	hbs	Switzerland	properNoun	eng
Švajcarska	properNoun	hbs	Switzerland	properNoun	eng
Srbija	properNoun	hbs	Serbia	properNoun	eng
Viktorija	properNoun	hbs	Viktorija	properNoun	eng
Viktorija	properNoun	hbs	Victoria	properNoun	eng
Polinezija	properNoun	hbs	Polynesia	properNoun	eng
Idrija	properNoun	hbs	Idrija	properNoun	eng
Mandžurija	properNoun	hbs	Manchuria	properNoun	eng
Rezija	properNoun	hbs	Resia	properNoun	eng
Italija	properNoun	hbs	Italy	properNoun	eng
Albanija	properNoun	hbs	Albania	properNoun	eng
Andaluzija	properNoun	hbs	Andalusia	properNoun	eng
Australija	properNoun	hbs	Australia	properNoun	eng
Austrija	properNoun	hbs	Austria	properNoun	eng
Azija	properNoun	hbs	Asia	properNoun	eng
Belgija	properNoun	hbs	Belgium	properNoun	eng
Brazilija	properNoun	hbs	Brasilia	properNoun	eng
Britanija	properNoun	hbs	Britain	properNoun	eng
Dalmacija	properNoun	hbs	Dalmatia	properNoun	eng
Estonija	properNoun	hbs	Estonia	properNoun	eng
Euroazija	properNoun	hbs	Euroasia	properNoun	eng
Francija	properNoun	hbs	France	properNoun	eng
Galicija	properNoun	hbs	Galicia	properNoun	eng
Indija	properNoun	hbs	India	properNoun	eng
Jugoslavija	properNoun	hbs	Yugoslavia	properNoun	eng
Kalabrija	properNoun	hbs	Calabria	properNoun	eng
Kaledonija	properNoun	hbs	Caledonia	properNoun	eng
Katalonija	properNoun	hbs	Catalonia	properNoun	eng
Libija	properNoun	hbs	Libya	properNoun	eng
Lombardija	properNoun	hbs	Lombardia	properNoun	eng
Makedonija	properNoun	hbs	Macedonia	properNoun	eng
Mongolija	properNoun	hbs	Mongolia	properNoun	eng
Normandija	properNoun	hbs	Normandy	properNoun	eng
Oceanija	properNoun	hbs	Oceania	properNoun	eng
Perzija	properNoun	hbs	Persia	properNoun	eng
Rusija	properNoun	hbs	Russia	properNoun	eng
Sardinija	properNoun	hbs	Sardinia	properNoun	eng
Skandinavija	properNoun	hbs	Scandinavia	properNoun	eng
Slovenija	properNoun	hbs	Slovenia	properNoun	eng
Slavonija	properNoun	hbs	Slavonia	properNoun	eng
Bosna	properNoun	hbs	Bosnia	properNoun	eng
Malta	properNoun	hbs	Malta	properNoun	eng
Pula	properNoun	hbs	Pula	properNoun	eng
Šandalja	properNoun	hbs	Šandalja	properNoun	eng
Šandalja	properNoun	hbs	San Daniele	properNoun	eng
Krapina	properNoun	hbs	Krapina	properNoun	eng
Hercegovina	properNoun	hbs	Herzegovina	properNoun	eng
Virovitica	properNoun	hbs	Virovitica	properNoun	eng
Ženeva	properNoun	hbs	Geneva	properNoun	eng
Pivka	properNoun	hbs	Pivka	properNoun	eng
Pivka	properNoun	hbs	Pivka	properNoun	eng
Mojstrovka	properNoun	hbs	Mojstrovka	properNoun	eng
Ida	properNoun	hbs	Ida	properNoun	eng
Marjeta	properNoun	hbs	Marjeta	properNoun	eng
Helena	properNoun	hbs	Helena	properNoun	eng
Helena	properNoun	hbs	Helen	properNoun	eng
Europa	properNoun	hbs	Europe	properNoun	eng
Evropa	properNoun	hbs	Europe	properNoun	eng
Drava	properNoun	hbs	the Drava	properNoun	eng
Drava	properNoun	hbs	Drave	properNoun	eng
Drina	properNoun	hbs	the Drina	properNoun	eng
Kokra	properNoun	hbs	the Kokra	properNoun	eng
Bistrica	properNoun	hbs	Bistrica	properNoun	eng
Mura	properNoun	hbs	the Mura	properNoun	eng
Neretva	properNoun	hbs	Neretva	properNoun	eng
Sava	properNoun	hbs	the Sava	properNoun	eng
Soča	properNoun	hbs	the Soča	properNoun	eng
Soča	properNoun	hbs	Isonzo	properNoun	eng
Sotla	properNoun	hbs	the Sotla	properNoun	eng
Sutla	properNoun	hbs	the Sutla	properNoun	eng
Visla	properNoun	hbs	the Visla	properNoun	eng
Argentina	properNoun	hbs	Argentina	properNoun	eng
Arizona	properNoun	hbs	Arizona	properNoun	eng
Barcelona	properNoun	hbs	Barcelona	properNoun	eng
Etna	properNoun	hbs	Etna	properNoun	eng
Hirošima	properNoun	hbs	Hiroshima	properNoun	eng
Koreja	properNoun	hbs	Korea	properNoun	eng
Kuba	properNoun	hbs	Cuba	properNoun	eng
Moskva	properNoun	hbs	Moscow	properNoun	eng
Sodoma	properNoun	hbs	Sodom	properNoun	eng
Srebrenica	properNoun	hbs	Srebrenica	properNoun	eng
Varšava	properNoun	hbs	Warsaw	properNoun	eng
Venezuela	properNoun	hbs	Venezuela	properNoun	eng
Vinica	properNoun	hbs	Vinica	properNoun	eng
Emona	properNoun	hbs	Emona	properNoun	eng
Emona	properNoun	hbs	Aemona	properNoun	eng
Gomora	properNoun	hbs	Gomorrah	properNoun	eng
Istra	properNoun	hbs	Istria	properNoun	eng
Izola	properNoun	hbs	Izola	properNoun	eng
Java	properNoun	hbs	Java	properNoun	eng
Kanada	properNoun	hbs	Canada	properNoun	eng
Kina	properNoun	hbs	China	properNoun	eng
Kredarica	properNoun	hbs	Kredarica	properNoun	eng
Mojstrana	properNoun	hbs	Mojstrana	properNoun	eng
Polzela	properNoun	hbs	Polzela	properNoun	eng
Postojna	properNoun	hbs	Postojna	properNoun	eng
Radovljica	properNoun	hbs	Radovljica	properNoun	eng
Trenta	properNoun	hbs	Trenta	properNoun	eng
Tuzla	properNoun	hbs	Tuzla	properNoun	eng
Vojvodina	properNoun	hbs	Vojvodina	properNoun	eng
Gora	properNoun	hbs	Gora	properNoun	eng
Havaji	properNoun	hbs	Hawaii	properNoun	eng
Pireneji	properNoun	hbs	the Pyrenees	properNoun	eng
Karpati	properNoun	hbs	the Carpathians	properNoun	eng
Ravne	properNoun	hbs	Ravne	properNoun	eng
Alpe	properNoun	hbs	the Alps	properNoun	eng
Begunje	properNoun	hbs	Begunje	properNoun	eng
Bloke	properNoun	hbs	Bloke	properNoun	eng
Brežice	properNoun	hbs	Brežice	properNoun	eng
Jesenice	properNoun	hbs	Jesenice	properNoun	eng
Lesce	properNoun	hbs	Lesce	properNoun	eng
Luče	properNoun	hbs	Luče	properNoun	eng
Moste	properNoun	hbs	Moste	properNoun	eng
Tebe	properNoun	hbs	Tebe	properNoun	eng
Trojane	properNoun	hbs	Trojane	properNoun	eng
Vače	properNoun	hbs	Vače	properNoun	eng
Tatre	properNoun	hbs	Tatre	properNoun	eng
Cerklje	properNoun	hbs	Cerklje	properNoun	eng
Radlje	properNoun	hbs	Radlje	properNoun	eng
Trbovlje	properNoun	hbs	Trbovlje	properNoun	eng
Grahovo	properNoun	hbs	Grahovo	properNoun	eng
Krško	properNoun	hbs	Krško	properNoun	eng
Laško	properNoun	hbs	Laško	properNoun	eng
Brno	properNoun	hbs	Brno	properNoun	eng
Sarajevo	properNoun	hbs	Sarajevo	properNoun	eng
Kosovo	properNoun	hbs	Kosovo	properNoun	eng
Meksiko	properNoun	hbs	Mexico	properNoun	eng
Veneto	properNoun	hbs	Veneto	properNoun	eng
Skopje	properNoun	hbs	Skopje	properNoun	eng
Dovje	properNoun	hbs	Dovje	properNoun	eng
Grosuplje	properNoun	hbs	Grosuplje	properNoun	eng
Celje	properNoun	hbs	Celje	properNoun	eng
Pohorje	properNoun	hbs	Pohorje	properNoun	eng
Sredozemlje	properNoun	hbs	the Mediterranean	properNoun	eng
Velenje	properNoun	hbs	Velenje	properNoun	eng
Nizozemska	properNoun	hbs	the Netherlands	properNoun	eng
Nizozemska	properNoun	hbs	Netherlands	properNoun	eng
Dolska	properNoun	hbs	Dolska	properNoun	eng
Gorenjska	properNoun	hbs	Gorenjska	properNoun	eng
Notranjska	properNoun	hbs	Notranjska	properNoun	eng
Norveška	properNoun	hbs	Norway	properNoun	eng
Poljska	properNoun	hbs	Poland	properNoun	eng
Slovačka	properNoun	hbs	Slovakia	properNoun	eng
Dolenjska	properNoun	hbs	Dolenjska	properNoun	eng
Njemačka	properNoun	hbs	Germany	properNoun	eng
Primorska	properNoun	hbs	Primorska	properNoun	eng
Tirolska	properNoun	hbs	Tirolska	properNoun	eng
Engleska	properNoun	hbs	England	properNoun	eng
Holandija	properNoun	hbs	the Netherlands	properNoun	eng
Holandija	properNoun	hbs	Netherlands	properNoun	eng
Sofija	properNoun	hbs	Sofia	properNoun	eng
Litva	properNoun	hbs	Lithuania	properNoun	eng
Litvanija	properNoun	hbs	Lithuania	properNoun	eng
Sirija	properNoun	hbs	Syria	properNoun	eng
Kolumbija	properNoun	hbs	Colombia	properNoun	eng
Nigerija	properNoun	hbs	Nigeria	properNoun	eng
Portugalija	properNoun	hbs	Portugal	properNoun	eng
Bohinj	properNoun	hbs	Bohinj	properNoun	eng
Ripač	properNoun	hbs	Ripač	properNoun	eng
Broadway	properNoun	hbs	Broadway	properNoun	eng
Bruselj	properNoun	hbs	Bruselj	properNoun	eng
Križ	properNoun	hbs	Križ	properNoun	eng
Oglej	properNoun	hbs	Oglej	properNoun	eng
Ormož	properNoun	hbs	Ormož	properNoun	eng
Paradiž	properNoun	hbs	Paradiž	properNoun	eng
Portorož	properNoun	hbs	Portorož	properNoun	eng
Ptuj	properNoun	hbs	Ptuj	properNoun	eng
Semič	properNoun	hbs	Semič	properNoun	eng
Trbiž	properNoun	hbs	Trbiž	properNoun	eng
Vič	properNoun	hbs	Vič	properNoun	eng
Nezakcij	properNoun	hbs	Nesactium	properNoun	eng
Atlantik	properNoun	hbs	the Atlantic	properNoun	eng
Balkan	properNoun	hbs	the Balkans	properNoun	eng
Baltik	properNoun	hbs	the Baltic	properNoun	eng
Beograd	properNoun	hbs	Beograd	properNoun	eng
Berlin	properNoun	hbs	Berlin	properNoun	eng
Bled	properNoun	hbs	Bled	properNoun	eng
Bovec	properNoun	hbs	Bovec	properNoun	eng
Brnik	properNoun	hbs	Brnik	properNoun	eng
Cejlon	properNoun	hbs	Ceylon	properNoun	eng
Cipar	properNoun	hbs	Cyprus	properNoun	eng
Egipt	properNoun	hbs	Egypt	properNoun	eng
Gibraltar	properNoun	hbs	Gibraltar	properNoun	eng
Golovec	properNoun	hbs	Golovec	properNoun	eng
Gradec	properNoun	hbs	Gradec	properNoun	eng
Haag	properNoun	hbs	Haag	properNoun	eng
Hamburg	properNoun	hbs	Hambourg	properNoun	eng
Hongkong	properNoun	hbs	Hong Kong	properNoun	eng
Hrib	properNoun	hbs	Hrib	properNoun	eng
Jadran	properNoun	hbs	the Adriatic	properNoun	eng
Jeruzalem	properNoun	hbs	Jerusalem	properNoun	eng
Kairo	properNoun	hbs	Cairo	properNoun	eng
Kent	properNoun	hbs	Kent	properNoun	eng
Kongo	properNoun	hbs	Congo	properNoun	eng
Koper	properNoun	hbs	Koper	properNoun	eng
London	properNoun	hbs	London	properNoun	eng
Madrid	properNoun	hbs	Madrid	properNoun	eng
Maribor	properNoun	hbs	Maribor	properNoun	eng
Maroko	properNoun	hbs	Morocco	properNoun	eng
Mozambik	properNoun	hbs	Mozambique	properNoun	eng
New York	properNoun	hbs	New York	properNoun	eng
Olimp	properNoun	hbs	Olympus	properNoun	eng
Oslo	properNoun	hbs	Oslo	properNoun	eng
Pacifik	properNoun	hbs	the Pacific	properNoun	eng
Pad	properNoun	hbs	Pad	properNoun	eng
Piran	properNoun	hbs	Piran	properNoun	eng
Rab	properNoun	hbs	Rab	properNoun	eng
Ren	properNoun	hbs	Ren	properNoun	eng
Rim	properNoun	hbs	Rome	properNoun	eng
Tacen	properNoun	hbs	Tacen	properNoun	eng
Tanger	properNoun	hbs	Tanger	properNoun	eng
Teheran	properNoun	hbs	Tehran	properNoun	eng
Tibet	properNoun	hbs	Tibet	properNoun	eng
Tivoli	properNoun	hbs	Tivoli	properNoun	eng
Tolmin	properNoun	hbs	Tolmin	properNoun	eng
Torino	properNoun	hbs	Torino	properNoun	eng
Triglav	properNoun	hbs	Triglav	properNoun	eng
Trst	properNoun	hbs	Trieste	properNoun	eng
Velebit	properNoun	hbs	Velebit	properNoun	eng
York	properNoun	hbs	York	properNoun	eng
Zalog	properNoun	hbs	Zalog	properNoun	eng
Srijem	properNoun	hbs	Srijem	properNoun	eng
Portugal	properNoun	hbs	Portugal	properNoun	eng
Prag	properNoun	hbs	Prague	properNoun	eng
Dunav	properNoun	hbs	the Danube	properNoun	eng
Japan	properNoun	hbs	Japan	properNoun	eng
Lisabon	properNoun	hbs	Lisbon	properNoun	eng
Island	properNoun	hbs	Iceland	properNoun	eng
Sibir	properNoun	hbs	Siberia	properNoun	eng
Zeland	properNoun	hbs	Zealand	properNoun	eng
Afrika	properNoun	hbs	Africa	properNoun	eng
Antarktika	properNoun	hbs	the Antarctic	properNoun	eng
Amerika	properNoun	hbs	America	properNoun	eng
Korzika	properNoun	hbs	Corsica	properNoun	eng
Vrhnika	properNoun	hbs	Vrhnika	properNoun	eng
Jasenka	properNoun	hbs	Jasenka	properNoun	eng
Lucija	properNoun	hbs	Lucija	properNoun	eng
Ana	properNoun	hbs	Ana	properNoun	eng
Anja	properNoun	hbs	Anja	properNoun	eng
Sandra	properNoun	hbs	Sandra	properNoun	eng
Katja	properNoun	hbs	Katja	properNoun	eng
Angela	properNoun	hbs	Angela	properNoun	eng
Angelca	properNoun	hbs	Angelca	properNoun	eng
Barbara	properNoun	hbs	Barbara	properNoun	eng
Elizabeta	properNoun	hbs	Elizabeta	properNoun	eng
Emmanuela	properNoun	hbs	Emmanuela	properNoun	eng
Gabrijela	properNoun	hbs	Gabrijela	properNoun	eng
Ivana	properNoun	hbs	Ivana	properNoun	eng
Marija	properNoun	hbs	Marija	properNoun	eng
Matilda	properNoun	hbs	Matilda	properNoun	eng
Milena	properNoun	hbs	Milena	properNoun	eng
Minerva	properNoun	hbs	Minerva	properNoun	eng
Natalija	properNoun	hbs	Natalija	properNoun	eng
Nataša	properNoun	hbs	Nataša	properNoun	eng
Nina	properNoun	hbs	Nina	properNoun	eng
Olga	properNoun	hbs	Olga	properNoun	eng
Pandora	properNoun	hbs	Pandora	properNoun	eng
Pavla	properNoun	hbs	Pavla	properNoun	eng
Simona	properNoun	hbs	Simona	properNoun	eng
Štefanija	properNoun	hbs	Štefanija	properNoun	eng
Tanja	properNoun	hbs	Tanja	properNoun	eng
Tina	properNoun	hbs	Tina	properNoun	eng
Albina	properNoun	hbs	Albina	properNoun	eng
Alenka	properNoun	hbs	Alenka	properNoun	eng
Bernarda	properNoun	hbs	Bernarda	properNoun	eng
Branka	properNoun	hbs	Branka	properNoun	eng
Breda	properNoun	hbs	Breda	properNoun	eng
Cirila	properNoun	hbs	Cirila	properNoun	eng
Cveta	properNoun	hbs	Cveta	properNoun	eng
Danica	properNoun	hbs	Danica	properNoun	eng
Darinka	properNoun	hbs	Darinka	properNoun	eng
Doroteja	properNoun	hbs	Doroteja	properNoun	eng
Iva	properNoun	hbs	Iva	properNoun	eng
Ivanka	properNoun	hbs	Ivanka	properNoun	eng
Jadranka	properNoun	hbs	Jadranka	properNoun	eng
Janja	properNoun	hbs	Janja	properNoun	eng
Jožica	properNoun	hbs	Jožica	properNoun	eng
Julija	properNoun	hbs	Julija	properNoun	eng
Katarina	properNoun	hbs	Katarina	properNoun	eng
Klara	properNoun	hbs	Klara	properNoun	eng
Klementina	properNoun	hbs	Klementina	properNoun	eng
Majda	properNoun	hbs	Majda	properNoun	eng
Margareta	properNoun	hbs	Margareta	properNoun	eng
Maša	properNoun	hbs	Maša	properNoun	eng
Mateja	properNoun	hbs	Mateja	properNoun	eng
Metka	properNoun	hbs	Metka	properNoun	eng
Micka	properNoun	hbs	Micka	properNoun	eng
Milka	properNoun	hbs	Milka	properNoun	eng
Mojca	properNoun	hbs	Mojca	properNoun	eng
Nada	properNoun	hbs	Nada	properNoun	eng
Neža	properNoun	hbs	Neža	properNoun	eng
Polonca	properNoun	hbs	Polonca	properNoun	eng
Rafaela	properNoun	hbs	Rafaela	properNoun	eng
Rahela	properNoun	hbs	Rahela	properNoun	eng
Romana	properNoun	hbs	Romana	properNoun	eng
Štefka	properNoun	hbs	Štefka	properNoun	eng
Urša	properNoun	hbs	Urša	properNoun	eng
Vida	properNoun	hbs	Vida	properNoun	eng
Vika	properNoun	hbs	Vika	properNoun	eng
Jasna	properNoun	hbs	Jasna	properNoun	eng
Aleksandra	properNoun	hbs	Aleksandra	properNoun	eng
Petra	properNoun	hbs	Petra	properNoun	eng
Andreja	properNoun	hbs	Andreja	properNoun	eng
Una	properNoun	hbs	Una	properNoun	eng
Una	properNoun	hbs	Una	properNoun	eng
Kominterna	properNoun	hbs	Kominterna	properNoun	eng
Velika Gorica	properNoun	hbs	Velika Gorica	properNoun	eng
Ujedinjeni narodi	properNoun	hbs	United Nations	properNoun	eng
Verts	properNoun	hbs	Verts	properNoun	eng
Eurostat	properNoun	hbs	Eurostat	properNoun	eng
Eurat	properNoun	hbs	Eurat	properNoun	eng
Franko	properNoun	hbs	Franko	properNoun	eng
Frontex	properNoun	hbs	Frontex	properNoun	eng
Barroso	properNoun	hbs	Barroso	properNoun	eng
Galileo	properNoun	hbs	Galileo	properNoun	eng
Sarkozy	properNoun	hbs	Sarkozy	properNoun	eng
Schulz	properNoun	hbs	Schulz	properNoun	eng
Malmström	properNoun	hbs	Malmström	properNoun	eng
Romov	properNoun	hbs	Romov	properNoun	eng
Ashton	properNoun	hbs	Ashton	properNoun	eng
Rumunija	properNoun	hbs	Romania	properNoun	eng
Latvija	properNoun	hbs	Latvia	properNoun	eng
Gruzija	properNoun	hbs	Georgia	properNoun	eng
Bjelorusija	properNoun	hbs	Belarus	properNoun	eng
Gaza	properNoun	hbs	Gaza	properNoun	eng
Burma	properNoun	hbs	Burma	properNoun	eng
Burma	properNoun	hbs	Myanmar	properNoun	eng
Ukrajina	properNoun	hbs	the Ukraine	properNoun	eng
Ukrajina	properNoun	hbs	Ukraine	properNoun	eng
København	properNoun	hbs	København	properNoun	eng
Kopenhagen	properNoun	hbs	Copenhagen	properNoun	eng
Izrael	properNoun	hbs	Israel	properNoun	eng
Tunis	properNoun	hbs	Tunisia	properNoun	eng
Irak	properNoun	hbs	Iraq	properNoun	eng
Pakistan	properNoun	hbs	Pakistan	properNoun	eng
Strasbourg	properNoun	hbs	Strasbourg	properNoun	eng
Afganistan	properNoun	hbs	Afganistan	properNoun	eng
Luxembourg	properNoun	hbs	Luxembourg	properNoun	eng
Luksemburg	properNoun	hbs	Luxembourg	properNoun	eng
Lihtenštajn	properNoun	hbs	Liechtenstein	properNoun	eng
Iran	properNoun	hbs	Iran	properNoun	eng
Tahiti	properNoun	hbs	Tahiti	properNoun	eng
Haiti	properNoun	hbs	Haiti	properNoun	eng
Nabucco	properNoun	hbs	Nabucco	properNoun	eng
baš	adverb	hbs	right	adverb	eng
još	adverb	hbs	also	adverb	eng
širom	adverb	hbs	throughout	adverb	eng
čak	adverb	hbs	even	adverb	eng
divlje	adverb	hbs	wildly	adverb	eng
rano	adverb	hbs	early	adverb	eng
koliko puta	adverb	hbs	how many times	adverb	eng
nekoliko puta	adverb	hbs	a couple of times	adverb	eng
nabrzinu	adverb	hbs	hastily	adverb	eng
na lijep način	adverb	hbs	nicely	adverb	eng
ovaj put	adverb	hbs	this time	adverb	eng
kroz smijeh	adverb	hbs	while laughing	adverb	eng
s obzirom na	adverb	hbs	considering	subordinatingConjunction	eng
u tijeku	adverb	hbs	ongoing	adjective	eng
mnogokad	adverb	hbs	many times	adverb	eng
mnogogdje	adverb	hbs	in many places	adverb	eng
greškom	adverb	hbs	by mistake	adverb	eng
treći put	adverb	hbs	third time	adverb	eng
zadnji put	adverb	hbs	last time	adverb	eng
na putu	adverb	hbs	on the way	adverb	eng
ususret	adverb	hbs	towards	adverb	eng
skupa	adverb	hbs	together	adverb	eng
divljački	adverb	hbs	savagely	adverb	eng
suprotno	adverb	hbs	contrary	adverb	eng
antiturski	adverb	hbs	anti-Turkish	adjective	eng
avionski	adverb	hbs	aerially	adverb	eng
fizikalno	adverb	hbs	physically	adverb	eng
naokolo	adverb	hbs	around	adverb	eng
odvojeno	adverb	hbs	separately	adverb	eng
okolo	adverb	hbs	around	adverb	eng
pojedinačno	adverb	hbs	individually	adverb	eng
predano	adverb	hbs	committed	adjective	eng
savjetodavno	adverb	hbs	advisory	adjective	eng
spolno	adverb	hbs	sexually	adverb	eng
sporedno	adverb	hbs	secondary	adjective	eng
usmeno	adverb	hbs	orally	adverb	eng
naknadno	adverb	hbs	subsequently	adverb	eng
prosječno	adverb	hbs	on average	adverb	eng
svježe	adverb	hbs	freshly	adverb	eng
glede	adverb	hbs	regarding	preposition	eng
natrag	adverb	hbs	back	adverb	eng
unaprijed	adverb	hbs	in advance	adverb	eng
postepeno	adverb	hbs	gradually	adverb	eng
višekratno	adverb	hbs	multiple times	adverb	eng
bez sumnje	adverb	hbs	without a doubt	adverb	eng
pola	adverb	hbs	half	adverb	eng
užareno	adverb	hbs	glowing hot	adverb	eng
poslijepodne	adverb	hbs	in the afternoon	adverb	eng
napokon	adverb	hbs	finally	adverb	eng
uostalom	adverb	hbs	besides	adverb	eng
sve više i više	adverb	hbs	more and more	adverb	eng
prilično	adverb	hbs	quite	adverb	eng
drugdje	adverb	hbs	elsewhere	adverb	eng
posljedično	adverb	hbs	consequently	adverb	eng
ovisno	adverb	hbs	depending	adverb	eng
posebno	adverb	hbs	especially	adverb	eng
unutar	adverb	hbs	within	adverb	eng
u pravilu	adverb	hbs	generally	adverb	eng
obvezno	adverb	hbs	necessarily	adverb	eng
naposlijetku	adverb	hbs	in the end	adverb	eng
bodljikavo	adverb	hbs	thorny	adjective	eng
emotivno	adverb	hbs	emotionally	adverb	eng
gušeći	adverb	hbs	choke	verb	eng
hlapeći	adverb	hbs	evaporate	verb	eng
lutajući	adverb	hbs	wander	verb	eng
naime	adverb	hbs	so	adverb	eng
nedaleko	adverb	hbs	near	adverb	eng
obuhvaćajući	adverb	hbs	include	verb	eng
odbacivajući	adverb	hbs	discard	verb	eng
odobravajući	adverb	hbs	approve	verb	eng
održavajući	adverb	hbs	maintain	verb	eng
počasno	adverb	hbs	honorary	adjective	eng
časno	adverb	hbs	honourably	adverb	eng
podsjećajući	adverb	hbs	remind	verb	eng
pod uvjetom	adverb	hbs	provided	subordinatingConjunction	eng
ponižavajući	adverb	hbs	humiliate	verb	eng
pospano	adverb	hbs	sleepily	adverb	eng
pretjerano	adverb	hbs	excessively	adverb	eng
sadržajno	adverb	hbs	by content	adverb	eng
suvišno	adverb	hbs	unnecessarily	adverb	eng
unatrag	adverb	hbs	back	adverb	eng
uzimajući u obzir	adverb	hbs	take into account	verb	eng
uzlazno	adverb	hbs	ascendingly	adverb	eng
zamoreno	adverb	hbs	tiredly	adverb	eng
nadasve	adverb	hbs	totally	adverb	eng
nizbrdo	adverb	hbs	downhill	adverb	eng
diskografski	adverb	hbs	discographically	adverb	eng
sustavno	adverb	hbs	systematically	adverb	eng
kratkoročno	adverb	hbs	in the short term	adverb	eng
kružno	adverb	hbs	circularly	adverb	eng
prijatno	adverb	hbs	warmly	adverb	eng
finalno	adverb	hbs	finally	adverb	eng
stručno	adverb	hbs	expertly	adverb	eng
spiritualno	adverb	hbs	spiritually	adverb	eng
brižno	adverb	hbs	caringly	adverb	eng
potvrdno	adverb	hbs	affirmatively	adverb	eng
standardno	adverb	hbs	normally	adverb	eng
natprosječno	adverb	hbs	exceedingly	adverb	eng
zamorno	adverb	hbs	tediously	adverb	eng
protivno	adverb	hbs	contrary	adjective	eng
autoritativno	adverb	hbs	authoritatively	adverb	eng
besramno	adverb	hbs	shamelessly	adverb	eng
bezbrižno	adverb	hbs	jauntily	adverb	eng
bezumno	adverb	hbs	mindlessly	adverb	eng
bijedno	adverb	hbs	miserably	adverb	eng
bujno	adverb	hbs	exuberantly	adverb	eng
burno	adverb	hbs	violently	adverb	eng
čudno	adverb	hbs	curiously	adverb	eng
depresivno	adverb	hbs	depressingly	adverb	eng
dosadno	adverb	hbs	boringly	adverb	eng
dugoročno	adverb	hbs	in the long term	adverb	eng
komercijalno	adverb	hbs	comercially	adverb	eng
genijalno	adverb	hbs	geniusly	adverb	eng
glasno	adverb	hbs	loudly	adverb	eng
grešno	adverb	hbs	sinfully	adverb	eng
grozno	adverb	hbs	abhorringly	adverb	eng
hladno	adverb	hbs	coldly	adverb	eng
inteligentno	adverb	hbs	intelligently	adverb	eng
ispravno	adverb	hbs	correctly	adverb	eng
izvanredno	adverb	hbs	exceedingly	adverb	eng
izvorno	adverb	hbs	originally	adverb	eng
jednakomjerno	adverb	hbs	evenly	adverb	eng
tiskovno	adverb	hbs	through the press	adverb	eng
spremno	adverb	hbs	readily	adverb	eng
odišući	verb	hbs	exude	verb	eng
postkomunistički	adverb	hbs	post-communistically	adverb	eng
primarno	adverb	hbs	primarily	adverb	eng
neovisno	adverb	hbs	independently	adverb	eng
daleko	adverb	hbs	far	adverb	eng
beskompromisno	adverb	hbs	uncopromisingly	adverb	eng
bitno	adverb	hbs	importantly	adverb	eng
bučno	adverb	hbs	loudly	adverb	eng
dramaturški	adverb	hbs	dramaturgically	adverb	eng
fantastično	adverb	hbs	fantastically	adverb	eng
izuzetno	adverb	hbs	extraordinarily	adverb	eng
javno	adverb	hbs	publically	adverb	eng
kreativno	adverb	hbs	creatively	adverb	eng
multimedijalno	adverb	hbs	multimedially	adverb	eng
nadahnuto	adverb	hbs	inspiredly	adverb	eng
neponovljivo	adverb	hbs	uniquely	adverb	eng
osobito	adverb	hbs	especially	adverb	eng
osobito	adverb	hbs	particularly	adverb	eng
osobito	adverb	hbs	remarkably	adverb	eng
očarano	adverb	hbs	enchantedly	adverb	eng
perfektno	adverb	hbs	perfectly	adverb	eng
politički	adverb	hbs	politically	adverb	eng
popularno	adverb	hbs	popularily	adverb	eng
početno	adverb	hbs	initially	adverb	eng
prije	adverb	hbs	before	adverb	eng
scenski	adverb	hbs	dramaturgically	adverb	eng
socijalno	adverb	hbs	socially	adverb	eng
specifično	adverb	hbs	specifically	adverb	eng
stilski	adverb	hbs	stylistically	adverb	eng
strukturno	adverb	hbs	structurally	adverb	eng
svjesno	adverb	hbs	consciously	adverb	eng
svjesno	adverb	hbs	willingly	adverb	eng
umjetnički	adverb	hbs	artfully	adverb	eng
unikatno	adverb	hbs	uniquely	adverb	eng
visoko	adverb	hbs	high	adverb	eng
visoko	adverb	hbs	highly	adverb	eng
više	adverb	hbs	more	adverb	eng
višegodišnje	adverb	hbs	perennially	adverb	eng
vjerno	adverb	hbs	faithfully	adverb	eng
glazbeno	adverb	hbs	musically	adverb	eng
neprimjereno	adverb	hbs	inappropriately	adverb	eng
prvo	adverb	hbs	before	adverb	eng
prvorazredno	adverb	hbs	marvellously	adverb	eng
stalno se	adverb	hbs	all the time	adverb	eng
ništa	adverb	hbs	nothing	adverb	eng
usporedo	adverb	hbs	along	adverb	eng
dosta	adverb	hbs	enough	adverb	eng
upravo	adverb	hbs	just	adverb	eng
uporedo	adverb	hbs	along	adverb	eng
uglavnom	adverb	hbs	mainly	adverb	eng
sprijeda	adverb	hbs	frontally	adverb	eng
naprijed	adverb	hbs	forward	adverb	eng
objeručke	adverb	hbs	gladly	adverb	eng
prvi put	adverb	hbs	first time	adverb	eng
prvi puta	adverb	hbs	first time	adverb	eng
također	adverb	hbs	also	adverb	eng
također	adverb	hbs	as well	adverb	eng
tijekom	adverb	hbs	during	adverb	eng
kamo	adverb	hbs	where	adverb	eng
nekamo	adverb	hbs	somewhere	adverb	eng
nikamo	adverb	hbs	nowhere	adverb	eng
ikamo	adverb	hbs	anywhere	adverb	eng
svakamo	adverb	hbs	everywhere	adverb	eng
ovamo	adverb	hbs	here	adverb	eng
tamo	adverb	hbs	there	adverb	eng
onamo	adverb	hbs	there	adverb	eng
kud	adverb	hbs	where	adverb	eng
kuda	adverb	hbs	where	adverb	eng
otkud	adverb	hbs	where	adverb	eng
otkuda	adverb	hbs	where	adverb	eng
odakle	adverb	hbs	where	adverb	eng
dokle	adverb	hbs	where	adverb	eng
nekud	adverb	hbs	somewhere	adverb	eng
nekuda	adverb	hbs	somewhere	adverb	eng
nikud	adverb	hbs	nowhere	adverb	eng
nikuda	adverb	hbs	nowhere	adverb	eng
svakud	adverb	hbs	everywhere	adverb	eng
ikud	adverb	hbs	anywhere	adverb	eng
ikuda	adverb	hbs	anywhere	adverb	eng
ovud	adverb	hbs	this way	adverb	eng
ovuda	adverb	hbs	this way	adverb	eng
tud	adverb	hbs	here	adverb	eng
tuda	adverb	hbs	here	adverb	eng
onud	adverb	hbs	there	adverb	eng
onuda	adverb	hbs	there	adverb	eng
nigdje	adverb	hbs	nowhere	adverb	eng
igdje	adverb	hbs	anywhere	adverb	eng
svagdje	adverb	hbs	everywhere	adverb	eng
ovdje	adverb	hbs	here	adverb	eng
tu	adverb	hbs	here	adverb	eng
ondje	adverb	hbs	there	adverb	eng
kako god	adverb	hbs	whatever	adverb	eng
bilo kako	adverb	hbs	anyhow	adverb	eng
otkako	adverb	hbs	since	adverb	eng
nekako	adverb	hbs	somehow	adverb	eng
nikako	adverb	hbs	noway	adverb	eng
ikako	adverb	hbs	somehow	adverb	eng
svakako	adverb	hbs	anyhow	adverb	eng
svakako	adverb	hbs	of course	adverb	eng
kad	adverb	hbs	when	adverb	eng
otkad	adverb	hbs	since	adverb	eng
otkada	adverb	hbs	since	adverb	eng
nekad	adverb	hbs	sometime	adverb	eng
nekada	adverb	hbs	sometime	adverb	eng
ponekad	adverb	hbs	sometimes	adverb	eng
katkad	adverb	hbs	sometimes	adverb	eng
svakad	adverb	hbs	always	adverb	eng
svagda	adverb	hbs	always	adverb	eng
ikad	adverb	hbs	ever	adverb	eng
ikada	adverb	hbs	ever	adverb	eng
tad	adverb	hbs	then	adverb	eng
dosad	adverb	hbs	by now	adverb	eng
dosada	adverb	hbs	by now	adverb	eng
dotad	adverb	hbs	until then	adverb	eng
dotada	adverb	hbs	until then	adverb	eng
otad	adverb	hbs	since then	adverb	eng
otada	adverb	hbs	since then	adverb	eng
prekjučer	adverb	hbs	on the day before yesterday	adverb	eng
sutra	adverb	hbs	tomorrow	adverb	eng
prekosutra	adverb	hbs	day after tomorrow	adverb	eng
preksutra	adverb	hbs	day after tomorrow	adverb	eng
ljetos	adverb	hbs	last summer	adverb	eng
zimus	adverb	hbs	last winter	adverb	eng
jesenas	adverb	hbs	last autumn	adverb	eng
proljetos	adverb	hbs	last spring	adverb	eng
večeras	adverb	hbs	this evening	adverb	eng
unutra	adverb	hbs	inside	adverb	eng
ukrug	adverb	hbs	in circles	adverb	eng
blizu	adverb	hbs	close	adverb	eng
dolje	adverb	hbs	down	adverb	eng
oko	adverb	hbs	around	adverb	eng
do sad	adverb	hbs	by now	adverb	eng
do sada	adverb	hbs	by now	adverb	eng
podjednako	adverb	hbs	equally	adverb	eng
nekoliko	adverb	hbs	several	adverb	eng
ponovo	adverb	hbs	again	adverb	eng
tako	adverb	hbs	like that	adverb	eng
godišnje	adverb	hbs	anually	adverb	eng
godišnje	adverb	hbs	yearly	adverb	eng
toliko	adverb	hbs	that many	adverb	eng
toliko	adverb	hbs	that much	adverb	eng
toliko	adverb	hbs	so much	adverb	eng
toliko	adverb	hbs	so many	adverb	eng
kod kuće	adverb	hbs	at home	adverb	eng
doma	adverb	hbs	home	adverb	eng
kući	adverb	hbs	home	adverb	eng
eventualno	adverb	hbs	possibly	adverb	eng
isto	adverb	hbs	same	adverb	eng
jednako	adverb	hbs	same	adverb	eng
isto tako	adverb	hbs	also	adverb	eng
jednako tako	adverb	hbs	also	adverb	eng
istovremeno	adverb	hbs	at the same time	adverb	eng
istovremeno	adverb	hbs	simultaneously	adverb	eng
istodobno	adverb	hbs	simultaneously	adverb	eng
uživo	adverb	hbs	live	adverb	eng
trenutno	adverb	hbs	at the moment	adverb	eng
trenutno	adverb	hbs	momentarily	adverb	eng
trenutačno	adverb	hbs	at the moment	adverb	eng
trenutačno	adverb	hbs	momentarily	adverb	eng
momentalno	adverb	hbs	at the moment	adverb	eng
momentalno	adverb	hbs	momentarily	adverb	eng
odnosno	adverb	hbs	or rather	adverb	eng
dokasna	adverb	hbs	until late	adverb	eng
ipak	adverb	hbs	still	adverb	eng
pretežno	adverb	hbs	mostly	adverb	eng
barem	adverb	hbs	at least	adverb	eng
površno	adverb	hbs	superficially	adverb	eng
odjednom	adverb	hbs	at once	adverb	eng
odjednom	adverb	hbs	suddenly	adverb	eng
ispod	adverb	hbs	under	adverb	eng
između	adverb	hbs	between	adverb	eng
zapravo	adverb	hbs	actually	adverb	eng
danju	adverb	hbs	during the day	adverb	eng
tek	adverb	hbs	just	adverb	eng
tek	adverb	hbs	only	adverb	eng
tik	adverb	hbs	just next to	adverb	eng
kasno	adverb	hbs	late	adverb	eng
lani	adverb	hbs	last year	adverb	eng
nevoljko	adverb	hbs	reluctantly	adverb	eng
jednom	adverb	hbs	once	adverb	eng
dvaput	adverb	hbs	twice	adverb	eng
triput	adverb	hbs	thrice	adverb	eng
triput	adverb	hbs	three times	adverb	eng
pet puta	adverb	hbs	five times	adverb	eng
sedam puta	adverb	hbs	seven times	adverb	eng
osam puta	adverb	hbs	eight times	adverb	eng
devet puta	adverb	hbs	nine times	adverb	eng
deset puta	adverb	hbs	ten times	adverb	eng
drugi put	adverb	hbs	next time	adverb	eng
drugi put	adverb	hbs	some other time	adverb	eng
zasad	adverb	hbs	for now	adverb	eng
zasada	adverb	hbs	for now	adverb	eng
zato	adverb	hbs	because	adverb	eng
izjutra	adverb	hbs	in the morning	adverb	eng
kadgod	adverb	hbs	any time	adverb	eng
kad god	adverb	hbs	any time	adverb	eng
koliko god	adverb	hbs	as many	adverb	eng
koliko god	adverb	hbs	as much	adverb	eng
gdjegod	adverb	hbs	anywhere	adverb	eng
gdje god	adverb	hbs	ahywhere	adverb	eng
možda	adverb	hbs	maybe	adverb	eng
valjda	adverb	hbs	perhaps	adverb	eng
vrlo	adverb	hbs	very	adverb	eng
veoma	adverb	hbs	very	adverb	eng
zbilja	adverb	hbs	really	adverb	eng
vaistinu	adverb	hbs	verily	adverb	eng
odista	adverb	hbs	verily	adverb	eng
napolje	adverb	hbs	out	adverb	eng
pozadi	adverb	hbs	behind	adverb	eng
van	adverb	hbs	out	adverb	eng
ujedno	adverb	hbs	also	adverb	eng
umjesto	adverb	hbs	instead of	adverb	eng
nasilu	adverb	hbs	forcibly	adverb	eng
uskoro	adverb	hbs	soon	adverb	eng
naskoro	adverb	hbs	soon	adverb	eng
najprije	adverb	hbs	first	adverb	eng
nedavno	adverb	hbs	recently	adverb	eng
ponešto	adverb	hbs	some	adverb	eng
odonda	adverb	hbs	since	adverb	eng
pa	adverb	hbs	well	adverb	eng
pješice	adverb	hbs	by foot	adverb	eng
pješke	adverb	hbs	by foot	adverb	eng
najviše	adverb	hbs	most	adverb	eng
većma	adverb	hbs	mostly	adverb	eng
radije	adverb	hbs	rather	adverb	eng
dalje	adverb	hbs	farther	adverb	eng
dalje	adverb	hbs	further	adverb	eng
ranije	adverb	hbs	earlier	adverb	eng
pored	adverb	hbs	beside	adverb	eng
pored	adverb	hbs	next to	adverb	eng
potom	adverb	hbs	then	adverb	eng
pravo	adverb	hbs	straight	adverb	eng
ravno	adverb	hbs	straight	adverb	eng
uspravno	adverb	hbs	straight	adverb	eng
većinom	adverb	hbs	mostly	adverb	eng
previše	adverb	hbs	too much	adverb	eng
suviše	adverb	hbs	too much	adverb	eng
svud	adverb	hbs	everywhere	adverb	eng
svuda	adverb	hbs	everywhere	adverb	eng
vazda	adverb	hbs	always	adverb	eng
vječito	adverb	hbs	always	adverb	eng
sasvim	adverb	hbs	completely	adverb	eng
ovdje-ondje	adverb	hbs	here and there	adverb	eng
ovdje ondje	adverb	hbs	here and there	adverb	eng
katkada	adverb	hbs	sometimes	adverb	eng
ponekada	adverb	hbs	sometimes	adverb	eng
većim dijelom	adverb	hbs	mostly	adverb	eng
namjerno	adverb	hbs	on purpose	adverb	eng
hotimično	adverb	hbs	on purpose	adverb	eng
inače	adverb	hbs	normally	adverb	eng
inače	adverb	hbs	otherwise	adverb	eng
doduše	adverb	hbs	although	adverb	eng
hotimice	adverb	hbs	purposefully	adverb	eng
uopće	adverb	hbs	at all	adverb	eng
uopšte	adverb	hbs	at all	adverb	eng
do tad	adverb	hbs	until then	adverb	eng
do tada	adverb	hbs	until then	adverb	eng
dotle	adverb	hbs	until then	adverb	eng
opet	adverb	hbs	again	adverb	eng
pažljivo	adverb	hbs	carefully	adverb	eng
posvuda	adverb	hbs	everywhere	adverb	eng
mnogo	adverb	hbs	many	adverb	eng
mnogo	adverb	hbs	much	adverb	eng
zlo	adverb	hbs	evilly	adverb	eng
loše	adverb	hbs	badly	adverb	eng
veliko	adverb	hbs	large	adverb	eng
srednje veliko	adverb	hbs	medium	adverb	eng
super	adverb	hbs	super	adverb	eng
fer	adverb	hbs	fairly	adverb	eng
neto	adverb	hbs	net	adjective	eng
zrelo	adverb	hbs	maturely	adverb	eng
milo	adverb	hbs	sweetly	adverb	eng
kiselo	adverb	hbs	sourly	adverb	eng
veselo	adverb	hbs	happily	adverb	eng
neveselo	adverb	hbs	morosely	adverb	eng
smjelo	adverb	hbs	boldly	adverb	eng
duboko	adverb	hbs	deeply	adverb	eng
široko	adverb	hbs	widely	adverb	eng
nemoguće	adverb	hbs	impossibly	adverb	eng
vruće	adverb	hbs	hotly	adverb	eng
tuđe	adverb	hbs	unfamiliar	adjective	eng
smeđe	adverb	hbs	brownish	adjective	eng
gorko	adverb	hbs	bitterly	adverb	eng
žarko	adverb	hbs	ardently	adverb	eng
krepko	adverb	hbs	racily	adverb	eng
krotko	adverb	hbs	meekly	adverb	eng
krotko	adverb	hbs	tamely	adverb	eng
krhko	adverb	hbs	fragile	adjective	eng
tanko	adverb	hbs	thinly	adverb	eng
zdravo	adverb	hbs	healthily	adverb	eng
čuveno	adverb	hbs	famously	adverb	eng
pravovremeno	adverb	hbs	timely	adverb	eng
izgubljeno	adverb	hbs	lost	adjective	eng
glasovito	adverb	hbs	famously	adverb	eng
prepoznatljivo	adverb	hbs	recognisably	adverb	eng
bakreno	adverb	hbs	copper	adjective	eng
brončano	adverb	hbs	bronze	adjective	eng
glineno	adverb	hbs	clay	adjective	eng
obojeno	adverb	hbs	coloured	adjective	eng
dojmljivo	adverb	hbs	impressively	adverb	eng
izdržljivo	adverb	hbs	durable	adjective	eng
jezivo	adverb	hbs	hauntingly	adverb	eng
neodredivo	adverb	hbs	vaguely	adverb	eng
neosjetljivo	adverb	hbs	insensitively	adverb	eng
nepopustljivo	adverb	hbs	adamantly	adverb	eng
nepopustljivo	adverb	hbs	unrelentingly	adverb	eng
nepovjerljivo	adverb	hbs	suspiciously	adverb	eng
nerazumljivo	adverb	hbs	incomprehensibly	adverb	eng
nezanimljivo	adverb	hbs	dryly	adverb	eng
osjetljivo	adverb	hbs	sensitively	adverb	eng
pokretljivo	adverb	hbs	nimbly	adverb	eng
razumljivo	adverb	hbs	understandably	adverb	eng
uvjerljivo	adverb	hbs	convincingly	adverb	eng
uvredljivo	adverb	hbs	offensively	adverb	eng
uzbudljivo	adverb	hbs	excitingly	adverb	eng
zanimljivo	adverb	hbs	interestingly	adverb	eng
zavodljivo	adverb	hbs	seductively	adverb	eng
bijelo	adverb	hbs	white	adjective	eng
cijelo	adverb	hbs	whole	adjective	eng
zabrinuto	adverb	hbs	worriedly	adverb	eng
slabo	adverb	hbs	weakly	adverb	eng
nevino	adverb	hbs	innocently	adverb	eng
fino	adverb	hbs	nicely	adverb	eng
plemenito	adverb	hbs	nobly	adverb	eng
različito	adverb	hbs	differently	adverb	eng
raznoliko	adverb	hbs	diversely	adverb	eng
trostruko	adverb	hbs	triple	adjective	eng
trojako	adverb	hbs	triple	adjective	eng
cjelovito	adverb	hbs	compeletely	adverb	eng
dvostruko	adverb	hbs	doubly	adverb	eng
zaobilazno	adverb	hbs	indirectly	adverb	eng
udobno	adverb	hbs	comfortably	adverb	eng
ugodno	adverb	hbs	comfortably	adverb	eng
privlačno	adverb	hbs	attractively	adverb	eng
odsutno	adverb	hbs	distantly	adverb	eng
zarazno	adverb	hbs	contagiously	adverb	eng
osebujno	adverb	hbs	distinctively	adverb	eng
točnije	adverb	hbs	more precisely	adverb	eng
još uvijek	adverb	hbs	still	adverb	eng
četiri puta	adverb	hbs	four times	adverb	eng
šest puta	adverb	hbs	six times	adverb	eng
odveć	adverb	hbs	too	adverb	eng
odsto	adverb	hbs	percent	adverb	eng
onlajn	adverb	hbs	online	adverb	eng
online	adverb	hbs	online	adverb	eng
po redu	adverb	hbs	in line	adverb	eng
tokom	adverb	hbs	during	adverb	eng
ubuduće	adverb	hbs	in the future	adverb	eng
uključujući	adverb	hbs	including	adverb	eng
malo-pomalo	adverb	hbs	little by little	adverb	eng
nadvoje-natroje	adverb	hbs	in two or three parts	adverb	eng
namjesto	adverb	hbs	instead of	preposition	eng
sutradan	adverb	hbs	tomorrow	adverb	eng
više njih	adverb	hbs	several of	adverb	eng
što prije	adverb	hbs	as soon as possible	adverb	eng
čim više	adverb	hbs	all the more	adverb	eng
zadovoljavajuće	adverb	hbs	satisfactorily	adverb	eng
četvrti put	adverb	hbs	fourth time	adverb	eng
četvrti puta	adverb	hbs	fourth time	adverb	eng
čarobno	adverb	hbs	magically	adverb	eng
čipkasto	adverb	hbs	lacy	adjective	eng
čitljivo	adverb	hbs	intelligibly	adverb	eng
čučečke	adverb	hbs	while squatting	adverb	eng
ćuteći	adverb	hbs	silently	adverb	eng
pedesetak	numeral	hbs	around fifty	numeral	eng
jedan	numeral	hbs	one	numeral	eng
dva	numeral	hbs	two	numeral	eng
tri	numeral	hbs	three	numeral	eng
četiri	numeral	hbs	four	numeral	eng
pet	numeral	hbs	five	numeral	eng
šest	numeral	hbs	six	numeral	eng
sedam	numeral	hbs	seven	numeral	eng
osam	numeral	hbs	eight	numeral	eng
devet	numeral	hbs	nine	numeral	eng
deset	numeral	hbs	ten	numeral	eng
jedanaest	numeral	hbs	eleven	numeral	eng
dvanaest	numeral	hbs	twelve	numeral	eng
trinaest	numeral	hbs	thirteen	numeral	eng
četrnaest	numeral	hbs	fourteen	numeral	eng
petnaest	numeral	hbs	fifteen	numeral	eng
šesnaest	numeral	hbs	sixteen	numeral	eng
sedamnaest	numeral	hbs	seventeen	numeral	eng
osamnaest	numeral	hbs	eighteen	numeral	eng
devetnaest	numeral	hbs	nineteen	numeral	eng
prvi	numeral	hbs	first	adjective	eng
drugi	numeral	hbs	second	adjective	eng
treći	numeral	hbs	third	adjective	eng
četvrti	numeral	hbs	fourth	adjective	eng
peti	numeral	hbs	fifth	adjective	eng
šesti	numeral	hbs	sixth	adjective	eng
sedmi	numeral	hbs	seventh	adjective	eng
osmi	numeral	hbs	eighth	adjective	eng
deveti	numeral	hbs	ninth	adjective	eng
deseti	numeral	hbs	tenth	adjective	eng
jedanaesti	numeral	hbs	eleventh	adjective	eng
dvanaesti	numeral	hbs	twelfth	adjective	eng
trinaesti	numeral	hbs	thirteenth	adjective	eng
četrnaesti	numeral	hbs	fourteenth	adjective	eng
petnaesti	numeral	hbs	fifteenth	adjective	eng
šesnaesti	numeral	hbs	sixteenth	adjective	eng
sedamnaesti	numeral	hbs	seventeenth	adjective	eng
osamnaesti	numeral	hbs	eighteenth	adjective	eng
devetnaesti	numeral	hbs	nineteenth	adjective	eng
dvadeseti	numeral	hbs	twentieth	adjective	eng
sto	numeral	hbs	a hundred	numeral	eng
milion	numeral	hbs	million	numeral	eng
tisuća	numeral	hbs	thousand	numeral	eng
oba	numeral	hbs	both	determiner	eng
četvero	numeral	hbs	four	numeral	eng
petero	numeral	hbs	five	numeral	eng
šestero	numeral	hbs	six	numeral	eng
sedmero	numeral	hbs	seven	numeral	eng
osmero	numeral	hbs	eight	numeral	eng
devetero	numeral	hbs	nine	numeral	eng
desetero	numeral	hbs	ten	numeral	eng
dvadesetero	numeral	hbs	twenty	numeral	eng
devetnaestero	numeral	hbs	nineteen	numeral	eng
osamnaestero	numeral	hbs	eighteen	numeral	eng
sedamnaestero	numeral	hbs	seventeen	numeral	eng
šesnaestero	numeral	hbs	sixteen	numeral	eng
petnaestero	numeral	hbs	fifteen	numeral	eng
četrnaestero	numeral	hbs	fourteen	numeral	eng
trinaestero	numeral	hbs	thirteen	numeral	eng
dvanaestero	numeral	hbs	twelve	numeral	eng
jedanaestero	numeral	hbs	eleven	numeral	eng
dvoje	numeral	hbs	two	numeral	eng
dvadeset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	twenty-two	numeral	eng
dvadeset i troje	numeral	hbs	twenty-three	numeral	eng
dvadeset i četvero	numeral	hbs	twenty-four	numeral	eng
dvadeset i petero	numeral	hbs	twenty-five	numeral	eng
dvadeset i šestero	numeral	hbs	twenty-six	numeral	eng
dvadeset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	twenty-seven	numeral	eng
dvadeset i osmero	numeral	hbs	twenty-eight	numeral	eng
dvadeset i devetero	numeral	hbs	twenty-nine	numeral	eng
tridesetero	numeral	hbs	thirty	numeral	eng
trideset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	thirty-two	numeral	eng
trideset i troje	numeral	hbs	thirty-three	numeral	eng
trideset i četvero	numeral	hbs	thirty-four	numeral	eng
trideset i petero	numeral	hbs	thirty-five	numeral	eng
trideset i šestero	numeral	hbs	thirty-six	numeral	eng
trideset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	thirty-seven	numeral	eng
trideset i osmero	numeral	hbs	thirty-eight	numeral	eng
trideset i devetero	numeral	hbs	thirty-nine	numeral	eng
četrdesetero	numeral	hbs	forty	numeral	eng
četrdeset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	forty-two	numeral	eng
četrdeset i troje	numeral	hbs	forty-three	numeral	eng
četrdeset i četvero	numeral	hbs	forty-four	numeral	eng
četrdeset i petero	numeral	hbs	forty-five	numeral	eng
četrdeset i šestero	numeral	hbs	forty-six	numeral	eng
četrdeset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	forty-seven	numeral	eng
četrdeset i osmero	numeral	hbs	forty-eight	numeral	eng
četrdeset i devetero	numeral	hbs	forty-nine	numeral	eng
pedesetero	numeral	hbs	fifty	numeral	eng
pedeset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	fifty-two	numeral	eng
pedeset i troje	numeral	hbs	fifty-three	numeral	eng
pedeset i četvero	numeral	hbs	fifty-four	numeral	eng
pedeset i petero	numeral	hbs	fifty-five	numeral	eng
pedeset i šestero	numeral	hbs	fifty-six	numeral	eng
pedeset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	fifty-seven	numeral	eng
pedeset i osmero	numeral	hbs	fifty-eight	numeral	eng
pedeset i devetero	numeral	hbs	fifty-nine	numeral	eng
šezdesetero	numeral	hbs	sixty	numeral	eng
šezdeset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	sixty-two	numeral	eng
šezdeset i troje	numeral	hbs	sixty-three	numeral	eng
šezdeset i četvero	numeral	hbs	sixty-four	numeral	eng
šezdeset i petero	numeral	hbs	sixty-five	numeral	eng
šezdeset i šestero	numeral	hbs	sixty-six	numeral	eng
šezdeset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	sixty-seven	numeral	eng
šezdeset i osmero	numeral	hbs	sixty-eight	numeral	eng
šezdeset i devetero	numeral	hbs	sixty-nine	numeral	eng
sedamdesetero	numeral	hbs	seventy	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	seventy-two	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i troje	numeral	hbs	seventy-three	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i četvero	numeral	hbs	seventy-four	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i petero	numeral	hbs	seventy-five	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i šestero	numeral	hbs	seventy-six	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	seventy-seven	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i osmero	numeral	hbs	seventy-eight	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i devetero	numeral	hbs	seventy-nine	numeral	eng
osamdesetero	numeral	hbs	eighty	numeral	eng
osamdeset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	eighty-two	numeral	eng
osamdeset i troje	numeral	hbs	eighty-three	numeral	eng
osamdeset i četvero	numeral	hbs	eighty-four	numeral	eng
osamdeset i petero	numeral	hbs	eighty-five	numeral	eng
osamdeset i šestero	numeral	hbs	eighty-six	numeral	eng
osamdeset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	eighty-seven	numeral	eng
osamdeset i osmero	numeral	hbs	eighty-eight	numeral	eng
osamdeset i devetero	numeral	hbs	eighty-nine	numeral	eng
devedesetero	numeral	hbs	ninety	numeral	eng
devedeset i dvoje	numeral	hbs	ninety-two	numeral	eng
devedeset i troje	numeral	hbs	ninety-three	numeral	eng
devedeset i četvero	numeral	hbs	ninety-four	numeral	eng
devedeset i petero	numeral	hbs	ninety-five	numeral	eng
devedeset i šestero	numeral	hbs	ninety-six	numeral	eng
devedeset i sedmero	numeral	hbs	ninety-seven	numeral	eng
devedeset i osmero	numeral	hbs	ninety-eight	numeral	eng
devedeset i devetero	numeral	hbs	ninety-nine	numeral	eng
dvadeset	numeral	hbs	twenty	numeral	eng
dvadeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	twenty-one	numeral	eng
dvadeset i dva	numeral	hbs	twenty-two	numeral	eng
dvadeset i tri	numeral	hbs	twenty-three	numeral	eng
dvadeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	twenty-four	numeral	eng
dvadeset i pet	numeral	hbs	twenty-five	numeral	eng
dvadeset i šest	numeral	hbs	twenty-six	numeral	eng
dvadeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	twenty-seven	numeral	eng
dvadeset i osam	numeral	hbs	twenty-eight	numeral	eng
dvadeset i devet	numeral	hbs	twenty-nine	numeral	eng
trideset	numeral	hbs	thirty	numeral	eng
trideset i jedan	numeral	hbs	thirty-one	numeral	eng
trideset i dva	numeral	hbs	thirty-two	numeral	eng
trideset i tri	numeral	hbs	thirty-three	numeral	eng
trideset i četiri	numeral	hbs	thirty-four	numeral	eng
trideset i pet	numeral	hbs	thirty-five	numeral	eng
trideset i šest	numeral	hbs	thirty-six	numeral	eng
trideset i sedam	numeral	hbs	thirty-seven	numeral	eng
trideset i osam	numeral	hbs	thirty-eight	numeral	eng
trideset i devet	numeral	hbs	thirty-nine	numeral	eng
četrdeset	numeral	hbs	forty	numeral	eng
četrdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	forty-one	numeral	eng
četrdeset i dva	numeral	hbs	forty-two	numeral	eng
četrdeset i tri	numeral	hbs	forty-three	numeral	eng
četrdeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	forty-four	numeral	eng
četrdeset i pet	numeral	hbs	forty-five	numeral	eng
četrdeset i šest	numeral	hbs	forty-six	numeral	eng
četrdeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	forty-seven	numeral	eng
četrdeset i osam	numeral	hbs	forty-eight	numeral	eng
četrdeset i devet	numeral	hbs	forty-nine	numeral	eng
pedeset	numeral	hbs	fifty	numeral	eng
pedeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	fifty-one	numeral	eng
pedeset i dva	numeral	hbs	fifty-two	numeral	eng
pedeset i tri	numeral	hbs	fifty-three	numeral	eng
pedeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	fifty-four	numeral	eng
pedeset i pet	numeral	hbs	fifty-five	numeral	eng
pedeset i šest	numeral	hbs	fifty-six	numeral	eng
pedeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	fifty-seven	numeral	eng
pedeset i osam	numeral	hbs	fifty-eight	numeral	eng
pedeset i devet	numeral	hbs	fifty-nine	numeral	eng
šezdeset	numeral	hbs	sixty	numeral	eng
šezdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	sixty-one	numeral	eng
šezdeset i dva	numeral	hbs	sixty-two	numeral	eng
šezdeset i tri	numeral	hbs	sixty-three	numeral	eng
šezdeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	sixty-four	numeral	eng
šezdeset i pet	numeral	hbs	sixty-five	numeral	eng
šezdeset i šest	numeral	hbs	sixty-six	numeral	eng
šezdeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	sixty-seven	numeral	eng
šezdeset i osam	numeral	hbs	sixty-eight	numeral	eng
šezdeset i devet	numeral	hbs	sixty-nine	numeral	eng
sedamdeset	numeral	hbs	seventy	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	seventy-one	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i dva	numeral	hbs	seventy-two	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i tri	numeral	hbs	seventy-three	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	seventy-four	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i pet	numeral	hbs	seventy-five	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i šest	numeral	hbs	seventy-six	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	seventy-seven	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i osam	numeral	hbs	seventy-eight	numeral	eng
sedamdeset i devet	numeral	hbs	seventy-nine	numeral	eng
osamdeset	numeral	hbs	eighty	numeral	eng
osamdeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	eighty-two	numeral	eng
osamdeset i dva	numeral	hbs	eighty-two	numeral	eng
osamdeset i tri	numeral	hbs	eighty-three	numeral	eng
osamdeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	eighty-four	numeral	eng
osamdeset i pet	numeral	hbs	eighty-five	numeral	eng
osamdeset i šest	numeral	hbs	eighty-six	numeral	eng
osamdeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	eighty-seven	numeral	eng
osamdeset i osam	numeral	hbs	eighty-eight	numeral	eng
osamdeset i devet	numeral	hbs	eighty-nine	numeral	eng
devedeset	numeral	hbs	ninety	numeral	eng
devedeset i jedan	numeral	hbs	ninety-two	numeral	eng
devedeset i dva	numeral	hbs	ninety-two	numeral	eng
devedeset i tri	numeral	hbs	ninety-three	numeral	eng
devedeset i četiri	numeral	hbs	ninety-four	numeral	eng
devedeset i pet	numeral	hbs	ninety-five	numeral	eng
devedeset i šest	numeral	hbs	ninety-six	numeral	eng
devedeset i sedam	numeral	hbs	ninety-seven	numeral	eng
devedeset i osam	numeral	hbs	ninety-eight	numeral	eng
devedeset i devet	numeral	hbs	ninety-nine	numeral	eng
oboje	pronoun	hbs	both	pronoun	eng
onolik	pronoun	hbs	that big	adjective	eng
onolik	pronoun	hbs	as much	determiner	eng
onakav	pronoun	hbs	that	pronoun	eng
tolik	pronoun	hbs	this big	adjective	eng
tolik	pronoun	hbs	such	determiner	eng
ovolik	pronoun	hbs	this big	adjective	eng
ovakav	pronoun	hbs	this	pronoun	eng
svakoliki	pronoun	hbs	all kinds of	preposition	eng
svačiji	pronoun	hbs	everyone's	pronoun	eng
svakakav	pronoun	hbs	all kinds of	preposition	eng
svakoji	pronoun	hbs	every	determiner	eng
svašta	pronoun	hbs	all sorts of things	noun	eng
svatko	pronoun	hbs	everyone	pronoun	eng
nikoliki	pronoun	hbs	nothing	pronoun	eng
ničiji	pronoun	hbs	no one's	pronoun	eng
nikoji	pronoun	hbs	not any	pronoun	eng
nitko	pronoun	hbs	no one	pronoun	eng
ikoliki	pronoun	hbs	any amount of	preposition	eng
ponečiji	pronoun	hbs	someone's	pronoun	eng
ičiji	pronoun	hbs	anyone's	pronoun	eng
nečiji	pronoun	hbs	someone's	pronoun	eng
kojekakav	pronoun	hbs	some	determiner	eng
bilo kakav	pronoun	hbs	any kind of	preposition	eng
ikakav	pronoun	hbs	any	determiner	eng
nekakav	pronoun	hbs	some	determiner	eng
nekakav	pronoun	hbs	some kind of	adjective	eng
poneki	pronoun	hbs	some	determiner	eng
gdjekoji	pronoun	hbs	some	determiner	eng
pokoji	pronoun	hbs	some	determiner	eng
ikoji	pronoun	hbs	any	determiner	eng
nekoji	pronoun	hbs	some	determiner	eng
koješta	pronoun	hbs	all sorts of things	noun	eng
štošta	pronoun	hbs	all sorts of things	noun	eng
išta	pronoun	hbs	anything	pronoun	eng
bilo što	pronoun	hbs	anything	pronoun	eng
nešto	pronoun	hbs	something	pronoun	eng
ponešto	pronoun	hbs	some things	noun	eng
mnogo tko	pronoun	hbs	many	pronoun	eng
bilo tko	pronoun	hbs	anyone	pronoun	eng
itko	pronoun	hbs	anyone	pronoun	eng
netko	pronoun	hbs	somebody	pronoun	eng
netko	pronoun	hbs	someone	pronoun	eng
tko	pronoun	hbs	who	pronoun	eng
zašto	pronoun	hbs	why	adverb	eng
free	pronoun	hbs	myself	pronoun	eng
nikakav	pronoun	hbs	no kind of	preposition	eng
nikakav	pronoun	hbs	no kind of	preposition	eng
nikakav	pronoun	hbs	no kind of	preposition	eng
clitic	pronoun	hbs	myself	pronoun	eng
tko	pronoun	hbs	who	pronoun	eng
kakav	pronoun	hbs	what	pronoun	eng
kakav	pronoun	hbs	some	adjective	eng
biti	verb	hbs	will	verb	eng
SEWRC	properNoun	hbs	SEWRC	properNoun	eng
NEK	properNoun	hbs	NEK	properNoun	eng
NATO	properNoun	hbs	NATO	properNoun	eng
SAD	properNoun	hbs	USA	properNoun	eng
UNMIK	properNoun	hbs	UNMIK	properNoun	eng
KNPVP	properNoun	hbs	KNPVP	properNoun	eng
OPP	properNoun	hbs	OPP	noun	eng
NACE	properNoun	hbs	NACE	noun	eng
ERS	properNoun	hbs	ERS	properNoun	eng
MRS	properNoun	hbs	MRS	noun	eng
IKT	properNoun	hbs	IKT	properNoun	eng
http	properNoun	hbs	http	properNoun	eng
EGP	properNoun	hbs	EGP	noun	eng
EGS	properNoun	hbs	EGS	properNoun	eng
TSI	properNoun	hbs	TSI	noun	eng
CAS	properNoun	hbs	CAS	noun	eng
EFSA	properNoun	hbs	EFSA	properNoun	eng
KN	properNoun	hbs	KN	properNoun	eng
COM	properNoun	hbs	COM	properNoun	eng
EESO	properNoun	hbs	EESO	properNoun	eng
OP	properNoun	hbs	OP	noun	eng
LRK	properNoun	hbs	LRK	properNoun	eng
Efta	properNoun	hbs	Efta	properNoun	eng
SZVP	properNoun	hbs	SZVP	properNoun	eng
ISO	properNoun	hbs	ISO	properNoun	eng
PDEU	properNoun	hbs	PDEU	properNoun	eng
GD	properNoun	hbs	GD	noun	eng
ESMA	properNoun	hbs	ESMA	properNoun	eng
EES	properNoun	hbs	EES	properNoun	eng
EKJS	properNoun	hbs	EKJS	properNoun	eng
ESPJ	properNoun	hbs	ESPJ	properNoun	eng
PPEU	properNoun	hbs	PPEU	noun	eng
CE	properNoun	hbs	CE	properNoun	eng
GATT	properNoun	hbs	GATT	noun	eng
VIS	properNoun	hbs	VIS	properNoun	eng
EKSRP	properNoun	hbs	EKSRP	properNoun	eng
UAIS	properNoun	hbs	UAIS	properNoun	eng
AIS	properNoun	hbs	AIS	noun	eng
ČDO	properNoun	hbs	ČDO	properNoun	eng
HS	properNoun	hbs	HS	noun	eng
PH	properNoun	hbs	PH	noun	eng
OLAF	properNoun	hbs	OLAF	properNoun	eng
MDS	properNoun	hbs	MDS	noun	eng
OVSE	properNoun	hbs	OVSE	properNoun	eng
USD	properNoun	hbs	USD	properNoun	eng
SIS	properNoun	hbs	SIS	properNoun	eng
ECR	properNoun	hbs	ECR	noun	eng
IND	properNoun	hbs	IND	properNoun	eng
DEM	properNoun	hbs	DEM	noun	eng
BG	properNoun	hbs	BG	properNoun	eng
UEN	properNoun	hbs	UEN	properNoun	eng
EUR	properNoun	hbs	EUR	properNoun	eng
FR	properNoun	hbs	FR	noun	eng
PL	properNoun	hbs	PL	noun	eng
PT	properNoun	hbs	PT	properNoun	eng
EL	properNoun	hbs	EL	properNoun	eng
PPE	properNoun	hbs	PPE	noun	eng
NL	properNoun	hbs	NL	noun	eng
ZN	properNoun	hbs	ZN	properNoun	eng
RO	properNoun	hbs	RO	noun	eng
SV	properNoun	hbs	SV	noun	eng
HU	properNoun	hbs	HU	noun	eng
SK	properNoun	hbs	SK	properNoun	eng
ALDE	properNoun	hbs	ALDE	properNoun	eng
SKP	properNoun	hbs	SKP	properNoun	eng
CS	properNoun	hbs	CS	noun	eng
BDP	properNoun	hbs	GDP	properNoun	eng
MSP	properNoun	hbs	MSP	properNoun	eng
LT	properNoun	hbs	LT	properNoun	eng
ALE	properNoun	hbs	ALE	noun	eng
PDV	properNoun	hbs	VAT	properNoun	eng
AKP	properNoun	hbs	AKP	properNoun	eng
ESPG	properNoun	hbs	ESPG	properNoun	eng
EIB	properNoun	hbs	EIB	properNoun	eng
FI	properNoun	hbs	FI	noun	eng
GUE	properNoun	hbs	GUE	properNoun	eng
NGL	properNoun	hbs	NGL	properNoun	eng
IMO	properNoun	hbs	IMO	properNoun	eng
SUT	properNoun	hbs	SUT	noun	eng
PNZ	properNoun	hbs	PNZ	properNoun	eng
OECD	properNoun	hbs	OECD	properNoun	eng
NCB	properNoun	hbs	NCB	properNoun	eng
CPA	properNoun	hbs	CPA	noun	eng
ICES	properNoun	hbs	ICES	properNoun	eng
MSRP	properNoun	hbs	MSRP	noun	eng
TGO	properNoun	hbs	TGO	noun	eng
km	properNoun	hbs	km	properNoun	eng
km/h	properNoun	hbs	km/h	properNoun	eng
BiH	properNoun	hbs	BiH	properNoun	eng
EK	properNoun	hbs	EK	properNoun	eng
RS	properNoun	hbs	RS	properNoun	eng
OEBS	properNoun	hbs	OEBS	properNoun	eng
al	properNoun	hbs	AL	noun	eng
b	properNoun	hbs	b	properNoun	eng
cm	properNoun	hbs	cm	properNoun	eng
g	properNoun	hbs	g	properNoun	eng
h	properNoun	hbs	h	properNoun	eng
is	properNoun	hbs	is	properNoun	eng
j	properNoun	hbs	j	properNoun	eng
lds	properNoun	hbs	lds	properNoun	eng
l	properNoun	hbs	l	properNoun	eng
mg	properNoun	hbs	mg	properNoun	eng
m	properNoun	hbs	m	properNoun	eng
ml	properNoun	hbs	ml	properNoun	eng
ptcu	properNoun	hbs	ptcu	properNoun	eng
rtv	properNoun	hbs	rtv	properNoun	eng
sls	properNoun	hbs	sls	properNoun	eng
sns	properNoun	hbs	sns	properNoun	eng
vb	properNoun	hbs	vb	properNoun	eng
w	properNoun	hbs	w	properNoun	eng
zsms	properNoun	hbs	zsms	properNoun	eng
str	properNoun	hbs	p.	properNoun	eng
npr	properNoun	hbs	e.g.	properNoun	eng
mm	properNoun	hbs	mm	properNoun	eng
kg	properNoun	hbs	kg	properNoun	eng
ex	properNoun	hbs	ex	properNoun	eng
br	properNoun	hbs	no.	properNoun	eng
e	properNoun	hbs	e	properNoun	eng
itd	properNoun	hbs	etc.	properNoun	eng
vol	properNoun	hbs	vol	properNoun	eng
oz	properNoun	hbs	oz	properNoun	eng
www	properNoun	hbs	www	properNoun	eng
ec	properNoun	hbs	ec	properNoun	eng
UN	properNoun	hbs	UN	properNoun	eng
UL	properNoun	hbs	UL	noun	eng
X	properNoun	hbs	X	properNoun	eng
T	properNoun	hbs	T	properNoun	eng
ESS	properNoun	hbs	ESS	properNoun	eng
SEC	properNoun	hbs	SEC	properNoun	eng
ES	properNoun	hbs	ES	properNoun	eng
CO	properNoun	hbs	CO	noun	eng
EP	properNoun	hbs	EP	properNoun	eng
C	properNoun	hbs	C	properNoun	eng
sad	properNoun	hbs	USA	properNoun	eng
sit	properNoun	hbs	SIT	properNoun	eng
tj	properNoun	hbs	i.e.	properNoun	eng
nemati	verb	hbs	not have	verb	eng
nemati	verb	hbs	not having	verb	eng
nemati	verb	hbs	don't have	verb	eng
nemati	verb	hbs	don't have	verb	eng
nemati	verb	hbs	didn't have	verb	eng
nemati	verb	hbs	didn't have	verb	eng
put	preposition	hbs	to	preposition	eng
među	preposition	hbs	among	preposition	eng
među	preposition	hbs	amongst	preposition	eng
među	preposition	hbs	within	preposition	eng
nad	preposition	hbs	over	preposition	eng
pod	preposition	hbs	under	preposition	eng
mimo	preposition	hbs	past	preposition	eng
k	preposition	hbs	to	preposition	eng
k	preposition	hbs	towards	preposition	eng
proti	preposition	hbs	against	preposition	eng
nadomak	preposition	hbs	close to	preposition	eng
nadomak	preposition	hbs	near	preposition	eng
nasuprot	preposition	hbs	across	preposition	eng
usprkos	preposition	hbs	despite	preposition	eng
usprkos	preposition	hbs	in spite of	preposition	eng
niz	preposition	hbs	down	preposition	eng
pri	preposition	hbs	close to	preposition	eng
pri	preposition	hbs	next to	preposition	eng
između	preposition	hbs	between	preposition	eng
iznad	preposition	hbs	over	preposition	eng
izvan	preposition	hbs	out of	preposition	eng
mjesto	preposition	hbs	instead of	preposition	eng
nasred	preposition	hbs	in the middle of	preposition	eng
navrh	preposition	hbs	on the top of	preposition	eng
povrh	preposition	hbs	on the top of	preposition	eng
povrh	preposition	hbs	over	preposition	eng
oko	preposition	hbs	around	preposition	eng
osim	preposition	hbs	except	preposition	eng
pokraj	preposition	hbs	next to	preposition	eng
ponad	preposition	hbs	over	preposition	eng
poput	preposition	hbs	like	preposition	eng
pozadi	preposition	hbs	in the back	preposition	eng
pozadi	preposition	hbs	behind	preposition	eng
pored	preposition	hbs	next to	preposition	eng
poslije	preposition	hbs	after	preposition	eng
preko	preposition	hbs	over	preposition	eng
radi	preposition	hbs	because of	preposition	eng
sred	preposition	hbs	in the middle of	preposition	eng
umjesto	preposition	hbs	instead of	preposition	eng
uoči	preposition	hbs	on the eve of	preposition	eng
van	preposition	hbs	out of	preposition	eng
vrh	preposition	hbs	on the top of	preposition	eng
zarad	preposition	hbs	because of	preposition	eng
zaradi	preposition	hbs	because of	preposition	eng
onkraj	preposition	hbs	close to	preposition	eng
na kraju	preposition	hbs	in the end	preposition	eng
na kraju	preposition	hbs	at the end of	preposition	eng
unatoč	preposition	hbs	despite	preposition	eng
duž	preposition	hbs	along	preposition	eng
uzduž	preposition	hbs	along	preposition	eng
na koncu	preposition	hbs	in the end	preposition	eng
zbogom	interjection	hbs	farewell	interjection	eng
uh	interjection	hbs	er	interjection	eng
uh	interjection	hbs	ugh	interjection	eng
uh	interjection	hbs	uh	interjection	eng
oh	interjection	hbs	oh	interjection	eng
eh	interjection	hbs	oh	interjection	eng
ih	interjection	hbs	meh	interjection	eng
ih	interjection	hbs	ugh	interjection	eng
ah	interjection	hbs	ah	interjection	eng
ah	interjection	hbs	oh	interjection	eng
joj	interjection	hbs	oh	interjection	eng
joj	interjection	hbs	oops	interjection	eng
ijuju	interjection	hbs	whee	interjection	eng
oho	interjection	hbs	ooh	interjection	eng
aha	interjection	hbs	a-ha	interjection	eng
aha	interjection	hbs	uh-huh	interjection	eng
ej	interjection	hbs	hey	interjection	eng
ej	interjection	hbs	oi	interjection	eng
haj	interjection	hbs	hi	interjection	eng
hoj	interjection	hbs	ahoy	interjection	eng
uf	interjection	hbs	oof	interjection	eng
uf	interjection	hbs	ugh	interjection	eng
pi	interjection	hbs	chirp	interjection	eng
pi-pi-pi	interjection	hbs	kip	interjection	eng
fuj	interjection	hbs	eew	interjection	eng
fuj	interjection	hbs	eww	interjection	eng
juhuhu	interjection	hbs	yoohoo	interjection	eng
kuku	interjection	hbs	woe	interjection	eng
ua	interjection	hbs	uwaah	interjection	eng
hej	interjection	hbs	hey	interjection	eng
oj	interjection	hbs	hey	interjection	eng
oj	interjection	hbs	oi	interjection	eng
de	interjection	hbs	oh	interjection	eng
hajde	interjection	hbs	come on	interjection	eng
mac	interjection	hbs	here, kitty	interjection	eng
guc	interjection	hbs	gulp	interjection	eng
guc	interjection	hbs	jug	interjection	eng
pi-pi-pi	interjection	hbs	chick	interjection	eng
pis	interjection	hbs	scribble	interjection	eng
ehe	interjection	hbs	heh	interjection	eng
curik	interjection	hbs	chirp	interjection	eng
pljus	interjection	hbs	splash	interjection	eng
krc	interjection	hbs	crunch	interjection	eng
krah	interjection	hbs	crunch	interjection	eng
bum	interjection	hbs	boom	interjection	eng
kvrc	interjection	hbs	clink	interjection	eng
cin	interjection	hbs	ching	interjection	eng
apciha	interjection	hbs	achoo	interjection	eng
apćiha	interjection	hbs	achoo	interjection	eng
mijau	interjection	hbs	meow	interjection	eng
vau-vau	interjection	hbs	woof woof	interjection	eng
vauvau	interjection	hbs	woof	interjection	eng
vau vau	interjection	hbs	woof woof	interjection	eng
kukuriku	interjection	hbs	cock-a-doodle-doo	interjection	eng
kokodak	interjection	hbs	bak	interjection	eng
amen	interjection	hbs	amen	interjection	eng
ha	interjection	hbs	huh	interjection	eng
no	interjection	hbs	well	interjection	eng
penk	interjection	hbs	plink	interjection	eng
pazi	interjection	hbs	look out	interjection	eng
pazi	interjection	hbs	watch out	interjection	eng
hvala	interjection	hbs	thanks	interjection	eng
hvala	interjection	hbs	thank you	interjection	eng
da li	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	if	subordinatingConjunction	eng
je li	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	if	subordinatingConjunction	eng
kad	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	when	subordinatingConjunction	eng
pošto	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	since	subordinatingConjunction	eng
jer	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	because	subordinatingConjunction	eng
neka	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	so	subordinatingConjunction	eng
neka	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	even though	subordinatingConjunction	eng
stoga	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	so	subordinatingConjunction	eng
iako	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	although	subordinatingConjunction	eng
iako	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	even though	subordinatingConjunction	eng
premda	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	although	subordinatingConjunction	eng
premda	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	even though	subordinatingConjunction	eng
makar	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	even if	subordinatingConjunction	eng
mada	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	even though	subordinatingConjunction	eng
ako i	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	even if	subordinatingConjunction	eng
no	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	but	coordinatingConjunction	eng
ako je	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	if	subordinatingConjunction	eng
mada i	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	even though	subordinatingConjunction	eng
kao i	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	just like	subordinatingConjunction	eng
čim	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	as soon as	adverb	eng
pa	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	so	subordinatingConjunction	eng
pak	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	but	coordinatingConjunction	eng
tek	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	just as	adverb	eng
jedino	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	only	coordinatingConjunction	eng
osim	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	even though	subordinatingConjunction	eng
osim	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	except	coordinatingConjunction	eng
zato	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	so	subordinatingConjunction	eng
dakle	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	so	subordinatingConjunction	eng
stoga	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	so	subordinatingConjunction	eng
naime	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	or rather	coordinatingConjunction	eng
Southeast European Times	properNoun	hbs	Southeast European Times	properNoun	eng
posto	adverb	hbs	percent	adverb	eng
Getty Images	properNoun	hbs	Getty Images	properNoun	eng
AFP	properNoun	hbs	AFP	properNoun	eng
Reuters	properNoun	hbs	Reuters	properNoun	eng
potpora	noun	hbs	support	noun	eng
posebice	adverb	hbs	especially	adverb	eng
AP	properNoun	hbs	AP	properNoun	eng
MMF	properNoun	hbs	MMF	noun	eng
Priština	properNoun	hbs	Priština	properNoun	eng
pregovor	noun	hbs	negotiation	noun	eng
neovisnost	noun	hbs	independence	noun	eng
nastaviti	verb	hbs	continue	verb	eng
priopćiti	verb	hbs	announce	verb	eng
priopćiti	verb	hbs	declare	verb	eng
CT	properNoun	hbs	CT	properNoun	eng
u skladu	adverb	hbs	in accordance with	adverb	eng
priključenje	noun	hbs	annexation	noun	eng
stranka	noun	hbs	party	noun	eng
čelnik	noun	hbs	head	noun	eng
ukoliko	adverb	hbs	if	adverb	eng
financije	noun	hbs	finance	noun	eng
KFOR	properNoun	hbs	KFOR	properNoun	eng
novinar	noun	hbs	reporter	noun	eng
razvitak	noun	hbs	development	noun	eng
prijam	noun	hbs	reception	noun	eng
EULEX	properNoun	hbs	EULEX	properNoun	eng
PKK	properNoun	hbs	PKK	properNoun	eng
tajnik	noun	hbs	secretary	noun	eng
tajnica	noun	hbs	secretary	noun	eng
provedba	noun	hbs	enforcement	noun	eng
provedba	noun	hbs	implementation	noun	eng
Skoplje	properNoun	hbs	Skopje	properNoun	eng
festival	noun	hbs	festival	noun	eng
tiskovni	adjective	hbs	press	adjective	eng
posjet	noun	hbs	visit	noun	eng
BBC	properNoun	hbs	BBC	properNoun	eng
Rehn	properNoun	hbs	Rehn	properNoun	eng
Atena	properNoun	hbs	Athens	properNoun	eng
pregled	noun	hbs	summary	noun	eng
OESS	properNoun	hbs	OESS	properNoun	eng
DPA	properNoun	hbs	DPA	properNoun	eng
Brussels	properNoun	hbs	Brussels	properNoun	eng
ravnatelj	noun	hbs	head	noun	eng
Tirana	properNoun	hbs	Tirana	properNoun	eng
udruga	noun	hbs	association	noun	eng
udruga	noun	hbs	organisation	noun	eng
The Times	properNoun	hbs	The Times	properNoun	eng
trio	noun	hbs	trio	noun	eng
plin	noun	hbs	gas	noun	eng
gotovo	adverb	hbs	almost	adverb	eng
Istanbul	properNoun	hbs	Istanbul	properNoun	eng
u cijelosti	adverb	hbs	completely	adverb	eng
tribunal	noun	hbs	tribunal	noun	eng
Turčin	noun	hbs	Turk	noun	eng
stajalište	noun	hbs	view	noun	eng
Bukurešt	properNoun	hbs	Bucharest	properNoun	eng
u svezi s	adverb	hbs	relating to	adverb	eng
približno	adverb	hbs	around	adverb	eng
Ponte	properNoun	hbs	Ponte	properNoun	eng
Koštunica	properNoun	hbs	Koštunica	properNoun	eng
optuženik	noun	hbs	defendant	noun	eng
Times	properNoun	hbs	Times	properNoun	eng
napredak	noun	hbs	progress	noun	eng
veleposlanik	noun	hbs	ambassador	noun	eng
izvješćivati	verb	hbs	report	verb	eng
TV	properNoun	hbs	TV	properNoun	eng
Grk	noun	hbs	Greek	noun	eng
George	properNoun	hbs	George	properNoun	eng
birač	noun	hbs	voter	noun	eng
Ankara	properNoun	hbs	Ankara	properNoun	eng
Sanader	properNoun	hbs	Sanader	properNoun	eng
glasnogovornik	noun	hbs	spokesman	noun	eng
glasnogovornik	noun	hbs	spokesperson	noun	eng
glasnogovornica	noun	hbs	spokeswoman	noun	eng
glasnogovornica	noun	hbs	spokesperson	noun	eng
spreman	adjective	hbs	prepared	adjective	eng
spreman	adjective	hbs	ready	adjective	eng
izaslanik	noun	hbs	ambassador	noun	eng
ovlast	noun	hbs	jurisdiction	noun	eng
ovlast	noun	hbs	power	noun	eng
uspostava	noun	hbs	establishment	noun	eng
uspostava	noun	hbs	setting up	noun	eng
unapređenje	noun	hbs	promotion	noun	eng
prioritet	noun	hbs	priority	noun	eng
odisati	verb	hbs	buzz	verb	eng
uzbuđenje	noun	hbs	excitement	noun	eng
listopad	noun	hbs	October	noun	eng
kada	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	when	subordinatingConjunction	eng
kada	adverb	hbs	when	adverb	eng
Mihael	properNoun	hbs	Michael	properNoun	eng
održati	verb	hbs	deliver	verb	eng
pred	preposition	hbs	before	preposition	eng
glavan	adjective	hbs	main	adjective	eng
dvorana	noun	hbs	hall	noun	eng
nalaziti	verb	hbs	situate	verb	eng
po	preposition	hbs	for	preposition	eng
nazočnost	noun	hbs	attendance	noun	eng
zasjedanje	noun	hbs	sitting	noun	eng
balkon	noun	hbs	balcony	noun	eng
napučiti	verb	hbs	brim	verb	eng
monarhist	noun	hbs	monarchist	noun	eng
čekati	verb	hbs	wait	verb	eng
čekati	verb	hbs	anticipate	verb	eng
kraljev	adjective	hbs	king's	adjective	eng
posljednji	adjective	hbs	last	adjective	eng
donijeti	verb	hbs	bring	verb	eng
puno	adverb	hbs	much	adverb	eng
taj	pronoun	hbs	that	pronoun	eng
razdoblje	noun	hbs	period	noun	eng
reći	verb	hbs	say	verb	eng
hvaliti	verb	hbs	praise	verb	eng
postkomunistički	adjective	hbs	post-communist	adjective	eng
upozoriti	verb	hbs	warn	verb	eng
kako	adverb	hbs	how	adverb	eng
kako	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	that	subordinatingConjunction	eng
dvosjekli	adjective	hbs	double-edged	adjective	eng
jamčiti	verb	hbs	guarantee	verb	eng
ako	adverb	hbs	if	subordinatingConjunction	eng
ako	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	if	subordinatingConjunction	eng
provoditi	verb	hbs	carry out	verb	eng
uz	preposition	hbs	with	preposition	eng
uvažavanje	noun	hbs	respect	noun	eng
međutim	adverb	hbs	however	adverb	eng
moći	modal	hbs	can	verb	eng
moći	modal	hbs	be able to	verb	eng
naštetiti	verb	hbs	harm	verb	eng
građan	noun	hbs	citizen	noun	eng
primjenjivati	verb	hbs	apply	verb	eng
negiranje	noun	hbs	scorn	noun	eng
primaran	adjective	hbs	primary	adjective	eng
istaknuti	verb	hbs	underline	verb	eng
vjerovati	verb	hbs	trust	verb	eng
bez	preposition	hbs	without	preposition	eng
moral	noun	hbs	moral	noun	eng
vjera	noun	hbs	faith	noun	eng
cinizam	noun	hbs	cynicism	noun	eng
kukavičluk	noun	hbs	cowardice	noun	eng
trebati	modal	hbs	should	verb	eng
trebati	modal	hbs	need	verb	eng
preuzeti	verb	hbs	take over	verb	eng
razvoj	noun	hbs	development	noun	eng
diljem	preposition	hbs	throughout	preposition	eng
proširenje	noun	hbs	expand	verb	eng
proširenje	noun	hbs	expansion	noun	eng
sektor	noun	hbs	sector	noun	eng
znatno	adverb	hbs	significantly	adverb	eng
zaostajati	verb	hbs	lag	verb	eng
luka	noun	hbs	port	noun	eng
zračna luka	noun	hbs	airport	noun	eng
snaga	noun	hbs	strength	noun	eng
neovisan	adjective	hbs	independent	adjective	eng
učiniti	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
prosperitetan	adjective	hbs	prosperous	adjective	eng
cijenjen	adjective	hbs	admired	adjective	eng
današnji	adjective	hbs	today's	adjective	eng
već	adverb	hbs	already	adverb	eng
već	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	but	coordinatingConjunction	eng
već i	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	but also	coordinatingConjunction	eng
posuditi	verb	hbs	borrow	verb	eng
dijete	noun	hbs	child	noun	eng
zaključiti	verb	hbs	conclude	verb	eng
povjesničar	noun	hbs	historian	noun	eng
ocijeniti	verb	hbs	assess	verb	eng
trenutak	noun	hbs	moment	noun	eng
dešifrirati	verb	hbs	decrypt	verb	eng
stajati	verb	hbs	stand	verb	eng
značaj	noun	hbs	character	noun	eng
izjaviti	verb	hbs	tell	verb	eng
SETimes	properNoun	hbs	SETimes	properNoun	eng
SE Times	properNoun	hbs	SE Times	properNoun	eng
Iulian	properNoun	hbs	Iulian	properNoun	eng
Pruteanu	properNoun	hbs	Pruteanu	properNoun	eng
Isacescu	properNoun	hbs	Isacescu	properNoun	eng
o	preposition	hbs	about	preposition	eng
o	preposition	hbs	on	preposition	eng
niti	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	not even	adverb	eng
nit	noun	hbs	thread	noun	eng
izgovoren	adjective	hbs	uttered	adjective	eng
slučajno	adverb	hbs	randomly	adverb	eng
dotaknuti	verb	hbs	touch	verb	eng
ideal	noun	hbs	ideal	noun	eng
imaginaran	adjective	hbs	imaginary	adjective	eng
ljubav	noun	hbs	love	noun	eng
prema	preposition	hbs	for	preposition	eng
vjera	noun	hbs	faith	noun	eng
dijeliti	verb	hbs	divide	verb	eng
neostvaren	adjective	hbs	unaccomplished	adjective	eng
sadržaj	noun	hbs	content	noun	eng
i dalje	adverb	hbs	still	adverb	eng
gdje	adverb	hbs	where	adverb	eng
gdje	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	where	adverb	eng
ništa	pronoun	hbs	nothing	pronoun	eng
lako	adverb	hbs	easily	adverb	eng
obavljati	verb	hbs	do	verb	eng
kod	preposition	hbs	with	preposition	eng
kod	preposition	hbs	from	preposition	eng
mnogi	adjective	hbs	many	adjective	eng
povezivati	verb	hbs	associate	verb	eng
čvrstina	noun	hbs	rigour	noun	eng
vladavina	noun	hbs	rule	noun	eng
Ioan	properNoun	hbs	Ioan	properNoun	eng
Grigore	properNoun	hbs	Grigore	properNoun	eng
umirovljenik	noun	hbs	pensioner	noun	eng
srušiti	verb	hbs	overthrow	verb	eng
srušen	adjective	hbs	overthrown	adjective	eng
sjećati	verb	hbs	remember	verb	eng
da	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	that	subordinatingConjunction	eng
potpuno	adverb	hbs	entirely	adverb	eng
potpun	adjective	hbs	whole	adjective	eng
drugačiji	adjective	hbs	different	adjective	eng
živjeti	verb	hbs	live	verb	eng
ovaj	pronoun	hbs	this	pronoun	eng
prognati	verb	hbs	force out	verb	eng
tadašnji	adjective	hbs	then	adjective	eng
prosovjetski	adjective	hbs	pro-Soviet	adjective	eng
Petru	properNoun	hbs	Petru	properNoun	eng
Groza	properNoun	hbs	Groza	properNoun	eng
natjerati	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
ove godine	adverb	hbs	this year	adverb	eng
Traian	properNoun	hbs	Traian	properNoun	eng
Basescu	properNoun	hbs	Basescu	properNoun	eng
optužiti	verb	hbs	accuse	verb	eng
ostaviti	verb	hbs	leave	verb	eng
komunist	noun	hbs	communist	noun	eng
morati	modal	hbs	must	verb	eng
morati	modal	hbs	have to	modal	eng
dužnosnik	noun	hbs	official	noun	eng
uključivati	verb	hbs	include	verb	eng
proći	verb	hbs	pass	verb	eng
zatim	adverb	hbs	then	adverb	eng
zora	noun	hbs	dawn	noun	eng
u međuvremenu	adverb	hbs	since	adverb	eng
u međuvremenu	adverb	hbs	in the mean time	adverb	eng
sav	pronoun	hbs	all	pronoun	eng
sve	pronoun	hbs	all	pronoun	eng
optužba	noun	hbs	charge	noun	eng
skupina	noun	hbs	gang	noun	eng
skupina	noun	hbs	group	noun	eng
osvojiti	verb	hbs	win	verb	eng
povećati	verb	hbs	raise	verb	eng
bojazan	noun	hbs	concern	noun	eng
uvoditi	verb	hbs	institute	verb	eng
protiv	preposition	hbs	against	preposition	eng
zauzeti	verb	hbs	take	verb	eng
otvoriti	verb	hbs	open	verb	eng
pristaša	noun	hbs	supporter	noun	eng
tvrditi	verb	hbs	maintain	verb	eng
ispuniti	verb	hbs	fill	verb	eng
zbog	preposition	hbs	because of	preposition	eng
utjecaj	noun	hbs	influence	noun	eng
Human Rights Watch	properNoun	hbs	Human Rights Watch	properNoun	eng
predložiti	verb	hbs	propose	verb	eng
ići	verb	hbs	go	verb	eng
s obzirom da	adverb	hbs	since	adverb	eng
uključivati	verb	hbs	include	verb	eng
prijavljivanje	noun	hbs	report	verb	eng
nasilan	adjective	hbs	violent	adjective	eng
uređivati	verb	hbs	regulate	verb	eng
učinkovit	adjective	hbs	efficient	adjective	eng
rasizam	noun	hbs	racism	noun	eng
vrsta	noun	hbs	kind	noun	eng
tolerirati	verb	hbs	tolerate	verb	eng
odlučan	adjective	hbs	determined	adjective	eng
htjeti	modal	hbs	will	modal	eng
htjeti	modal	hbs	want	verb	eng
voditelj	noun	hbs	head	noun	eng
neki	pronoun	hbs	some	pronoun	eng
teško	adverb	hbs	hard	adverb	eng
suprotstaviti	verb	hbs	stand against	verb	eng
nego	adverb	hbs	than	adverb	eng
nego	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	than	coordinatingConjunction	eng
nego	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	than	coordinatingConjunction	eng
nadalje	adverb	hbs	moreover	adverb	eng
uspon	noun	hbs	emergence	noun	eng
često	adverb	hbs	often	adverb	eng
doći	verb	hbs	come	verb	eng
EU	properNoun	hbs	EU	properNoun	eng
ECB	properNoun	hbs	ECB	properNoun	eng
isprva	adverb	hbs	initially	adverb	eng
izraziti	verb	hbs	express	verb	eng
zaustaviti	verb	hbs	stop	verb	eng
bilo koji	pronoun	hbs	any	pronoun	eng
troje	numeral	hbs	three	numeral	eng
koliki	pronoun	hbs	how big	pronoun	eng
slati	verb	hbs	send	verb	eng
ostvariti	verb	hbs	achieve	verb	eng
Grčka	properNoun	hbs	Greece	properNoun	eng
iznimka	noun	hbs	exception	noun	eng
kratkotrajan	adjective	hbs	short-term	adjective	eng
sjetiti	verb	hbs	remember	verb	eng
svaki	pronoun	hbs	every	determiner	eng
glasovati	verb	hbs	vote	verb	eng
Agence France Presse	properNoun	hbs	Agence France Presse	properNoun	eng
umjeren	adjective	hbs	moderate	adjective	eng
dok	adverb	hbs	while	subordinatingConjunction	eng
dok	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	while	subordinatingConjunction	eng
željeti	verb	hbs	want	verb	eng
zabraniti	verb	hbs	ban	verb	eng
umanjiti	verb	hbs	downplay	verb	eng
Eva	properNoun	hbs	Eva	properNoun	eng
sporo	adverb	hbs	slowly	adverb	eng
dovršiti	verb	hbs	finish	verb	eng
uistinu	adverb	hbs	really	adverb	eng
tada	adverb	hbs	really	adverb	eng
takav	pronoun	hbs	such	determiner	eng
razmatrati	verb	hbs	consider	verb	eng
ponovno	adverb	hbs	again	adverb	eng
zgroziti	verb	hbs	shudder	verb	eng
reintegracija	noun	hbs	reintegration	noun	eng
težina	noun	hbs	weight	noun	eng
obrada	noun	hbs	remake	noun	eng
grablje	noun	hbs	rake	noun	eng
bajuneta	noun	hbs	pike	noun	eng
šiljak	noun	hbs	pike	noun	eng
štuka	noun	hbs	pike	noun	eng
prastric	noun	hbs	great-uncle	noun	eng
paket	noun	hbs	bundle	noun	eng
smotuljak	noun	hbs	bundle	noun	eng
snop	noun	hbs	bundle	noun	eng
zavežljaj	noun	hbs	bundle	noun	eng
podnaslov	noun	hbs	subtitle	noun	eng
zveket	noun	hbs	rattle	noun	eng
prozorski okvir	noun	hbs	windowpane	noun	eng
mandarina	noun	hbs	tangerine	noun	eng
klopka	noun	hbs	snare	noun	eng
zamka	noun	hbs	snare	noun	eng
skladište	noun	hbs	storehouse	noun	eng
nesretnik	noun	hbs	unfortunate	noun	eng
abesiv	noun	hbs	abessive	noun	eng
ilativ	noun	hbs	illative	noun	eng
komparativ	noun	hbs	comparative	noun	eng
partitiv	noun	hbs	partitive	noun	eng
deminutiv	noun	hbs	diminutive	noun	eng
izdržati	verb	hbs	endure	verb	eng
izdržati	verb	hbs	hold on	verb	eng
izdržati	verb	hbs	withstand	verb	eng
podržati	verb	hbs	endorse	verb	eng
podržati	verb	hbs	support	verb	eng
pridržati	verb	hbs	adhere	verb	eng
pridržati	verb	hbs	hold up	verb	eng
sadržati	verb	hbs	contain	verb	eng
zadržati	verb	hbs	hold up	verb	eng
izgledati	verb	hbs	look	verb	eng
izgledati	verb	hbs	seem	verb	eng
izostavljati	verb	hbs	leave out	verb	eng
izostavljati	verb	hbs	omit	verb	eng
izuzimati	verb	hbs	exclude	verb	eng
izuzimati	verb	hbs	omit	verb	eng
jačati	verb	hbs	increase	verb	eng
jačati	verb	hbs	strengthen	verb	eng
javljati	verb	hbs	answer	verb	eng
javljati	verb	hbs	reply	verb	eng
nabrajati	verb	hbs	count	verb	eng
nadgledati	verb	hbs	control	verb	eng
nadgledati	verb	hbs	supervise	verb	eng
ispričati	verb	hbs	apologise	verb	eng
nadodati	verb	hbs	add	verb	eng
nagledati	verb	hbs	see	verb	eng
naklanjati	verb	hbs	bow	verb	eng
naklanjati	verb	hbs	incline	verb	eng
naklanjati	verb	hbs	tend	verb	eng
napajati	verb	hbs	charge	verb	eng
napajati	verb	hbs	power	verb	eng
napričati	verb	hbs	talk	verb	eng
ispričati	verb	hbs	tell	verb	eng
načekati	verb	hbs	wait	verb	eng
ispravljati	verb	hbs	correct	verb	eng
ispravljati	verb	hbs	rectify	verb	eng
nadati	verb	hbs	hope	verb	eng
odstajati	verb	hbs	age	verb	eng
odstajati	verb	hbs	stand	verb	eng
ustajati	verb	hbs	arise	verb	eng
ustajati	verb	hbs	wake up	verb	eng
nastajati	verb	hbs	appear	verb	eng
nastajati	verb	hbs	become	verb	eng
ponestajati	verb	hbs	dwindle	verb	eng
prestajati	verb	hbs	cease	verb	eng
prestajati	verb	hbs	stop	verb	eng
pristajati	verb	hbs	agree	verb	eng
pristajati	verb	hbs	dock	verb	eng
pristajati	verb	hbs	fit	verb	eng
zastajati	verb	hbs	stop	verb	eng
dotrajati	verb	hbs	last	verb	eng
dotrajati	verb	hbs	wear out	verb	eng
potrajati	verb	hbs	last	verb	eng
trajati	verb	hbs	last	verb	eng
trajati	verb	hbs	last	verb	eng
opominjati	verb	hbs	admonish	verb	eng
opominjati	verb	hbs	warn	verb	eng
prostirati	verb	hbs	outspread	verb	eng
prostirati	verb	hbs	spread	verb	eng
prostirati	verb	hbs	stretch	verb	eng
otpočinjati	verb	hbs	begin	verb	eng
otpočinjati	verb	hbs	initiate	verb	eng
otpočinjati	verb	hbs	launch	verb	eng
počinjati	verb	hbs	begin	verb	eng
počinjati	verb	hbs	initiate	verb	eng
penjati	verb	hbs	climb	verb	eng
pokajati	verb	hbs	regret	verb	eng
pokajati	verb	hbs	repent	verb	eng
podupirati	verb	hbs	support	verb	eng
spominjati	verb	hbs	mention	verb	eng
spominjati	verb	hbs	remember	verb	eng
pogledavati	verb	hbs	glance	verb	eng
sagledati	verb	hbs	realize	verb	eng
zagledati	verb	hbs	gaze	verb	eng
zagledati	verb	hbs	peer	verb	eng
pregledati	verb	hbs	browse	verb	eng
pregledati	verb	hbs	examine	verb	eng
pregledati	verb	hbs	search	verb	eng
progledati	verb	hbs	regain sight	verb	eng
razgledati	verb	hbs	sightsee	verb	eng
razgledati	verb	hbs	view	verb	eng
plivati	verb	hbs	swim	verb	eng
zbivati	verb	hbs	happen	verb	eng
dobivati	verb	hbs	get	verb	eng
dobivati	verb	hbs	win	verb	eng
umivati	verb	hbs	lave	verb	eng
umivati	verb	hbs	wash	verb	eng
manevrirati	verb	hbs	maneuver	verb	eng
manevrirati	verb	hbs	manoeuvre	verb	eng
kontaktirati	verb	hbs	contact	verb	eng
kontaktirati	verb	hbs	get in touch	verb	eng
prezentirati	verb	hbs	introduce	verb	eng
prezentirati	verb	hbs	present	verb	eng
okarakterizirati	verb	hbs	characterize	verb	eng
garantirati	verb	hbs	guarantee	verb	eng
masirati	verb	hbs	massage	verb	eng
birati	verb	hbs	choose	verb	eng
birati	verb	hbs	vote	verb	eng
nastupati	verb	hbs	appear	verb	eng
nastupati	verb	hbs	perform	verb	eng
naviještati	verb	hbs	announce	verb	eng
obarati	verb	hbs	bring down	verb	eng
obarati	verb	hbs	knock down	verb	eng
obarati	verb	hbs	topple	verb	eng
obarati	verb	hbs	trip	verb	eng
obnavljati	verb	hbs	renew	verb	eng
obnavljati	verb	hbs	renovate	verb	eng
obnavljati	verb	hbs	replenish	verb	eng
obnavljati	verb	hbs	restore	verb	eng
obolijevati	verb	hbs	become sick	verb	eng
obolijevati	verb	hbs	fall ill	verb	eng
obolijevati	verb	hbs	get sick	verb	eng
obraćati	verb	hbs	turn	verb	eng
obraćati	verb	hbs	refer	verb	eng
obuhvaćati	verb	hbs	comprise	verb	eng
obuhvaćati	verb	hbs	consist	verb	eng
obuhvaćati	verb	hbs	encompass	verb	eng
obuhvaćati	verb	hbs	involve	verb	eng
obuzimati	verb	hbs	engulf	verb	eng
tjerati	verb	hbs	shoo	verb	eng
tjerati	verb	hbs	hunt	verb	eng
obećati	verb	hbs	promise	verb	eng
upravljati	verb	hbs	manage	verb	eng
upravljati	verb	hbs	navigate	verb	eng
upravljati	verb	hbs	operate	verb	eng
putovati	verb	hbs	travel	verb	eng
isposlovati	verb	hbs	make a deal	verb	eng
proputovati	verb	hbs	travel	verb	eng
dugovati	verb	hbs	owe	verb	eng
prezentovati	verb	hbs	introduce	verb	eng
prezentovati	verb	hbs	present	verb	eng
izjavljivati	verb	hbs	declare	verb	eng
izjavljivati	verb	hbs	state	verb	eng
potiskivati	verb	hbs	press	verb	eng
potiskivati	verb	hbs	repress	verb	eng
potiskivati	verb	hbs	suppress	verb	eng
ovlašćivati	verb	hbs	authorise	verb	eng
zavezivati	verb	hbs	tie	verb	eng
vezivati	verb	hbs	tie	verb	eng
iskupljivati	verb	hbs	redeem	verb	eng
zavezivati	verb	hbs	tie	verb	eng
odlučivati	verb	hbs	decide	verb	eng
ukazivati	verb	hbs	point	verb	eng
opredjeljivati	verb	hbs	side with	verb	eng
pokazivati	verb	hbs	show	verb	eng
otkrivati	verb	hbs	detect	verb	eng
otkrivati	verb	hbs	discover	verb	eng
otkrivati	verb	hbs	reveal	verb	eng
baratati	verb	hbs	handle	verb	eng
baratati	verb	hbs	manage	verb	eng
bojati	verb	hbs	be afraid	verb	eng
bojati	verb	hbs	colour	verb	eng
brojati	verb	hbs	count	verb	eng
blagoslivljati	verb	hbs	bless	verb	eng
čuvati	verb	hbs	keep	verb	eng
čuvati	verb	hbs	protect	verb	eng
čuvati	verb	hbs	store	verb	eng
čuvati	verb	hbs	watch	verb	eng
dočekati	verb	hbs	greet	verb	eng
događati	verb	hbs	happen	verb	eng
dogledati	verb	hbs	see	verb	eng
očekivati	verb	hbs	expect	verb	eng
otkazivati	verb	hbs	cancel	verb	eng
objavljivati	verb	hbs	declare	verb	eng
objavljivati	verb	hbs	proclaim	verb	eng
objavljivati	verb	hbs	publish	verb	eng
objavljivati	verb	hbs	reveal	verb	eng
potvrđivati	verb	hbs	confirm	verb	eng
pretraživati	verb	hbs	rifle	verb	eng
pretraživati	verb	hbs	search	verb	eng
pohvaljivati	verb	hbs	commend	verb	eng
pohvaljivati	verb	hbs	praise	verb	eng
izrađivati	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
zamjenjivati	verb	hbs	change	verb	eng
zamjenjivati	verb	hbs	substitute	verb	eng
zapljenjivati	verb	hbs	confiscate	verb	eng
izmjenjivati	verb	hbs	alter	verb	eng
izmjenjivati	verb	hbs	change	verb	eng
izmjenjivati	verb	hbs	modify	verb	eng
izmjenjivati	verb	hbs	revise	verb	eng
odbacivati	verb	hbs	reject	verb	eng
smjenjivati	verb	hbs	substitute	verb	eng
smjenjivati	verb	hbs	supersede	verb	eng
produživati	verb	hbs	extend	verb	eng
produživati	verb	hbs	prolong	verb	eng
pokazivati	verb	hbs	show	verb	eng
pozivati	verb	hbs	call	verb	eng
pozivati	verb	hbs	invite	verb	eng
pogoršavati	verb	hbs	aggravate	verb	eng
pogoršavati	verb	hbs	deteriorate	verb	eng
proučavati	verb	hbs	examine	verb	eng
proučavati	verb	hbs	study	verb	eng
davati	verb	hbs	give	verb	eng
izdavati	verb	hbs	betray	verb	eng
izdavati	verb	hbs	publish	verb	eng
suočavati	verb	hbs	face	verb	eng
dozvoljavati	verb	hbs	allow	verb	eng
zavaravati	verb	hbs	fool	verb	eng
dodavati	verb	hbs	add	verb	eng
dodavati	verb	hbs	pass	verb	eng
naglašavati	verb	hbs	accentuate	verb	eng
naglašavati	verb	hbs	emphasize	verb	eng
podržavati	verb	hbs	endorse	verb	eng
podržavati	verb	hbs	support	verb	eng
završavati	verb	hbs	end	verb	eng
završavati	verb	hbs	finish	verb	eng
rješavati	verb	hbs	solve	verb	eng
izvršavati	verb	hbs	commit	verb	eng
izvršavati	verb	hbs	execute	verb	eng
proglašavati	verb	hbs	proclaim	verb	eng
proglašavati	verb	hbs	pronounce	verb	eng
sadržavati	verb	hbs	contain	verb	eng
prijeći	verb	hbs	cross	verb	eng
prijeći	verb	hbs	go over	verb	eng
vući	verb	hbs	drag	verb	eng
vući	verb	hbs	pull	verb	eng
peći	verb	hbs	cook	verb	eng
sjeći	verb	hbs	cut	verb	eng
privući	verb	hbs	attract	verb	eng
privući	verb	hbs	pull	verb	eng
poreći	verb	hbs	deny	verb	eng
napeći	verb	hbs	bake	verb	eng
opeći	verb	hbs	burn	verb	eng
opeći	verb	hbs	scorch	verb	eng
pripeći	verb	hbs	burn	verb	eng
pripeći	verb	hbs	cook	verb	eng
priteći	verb	hbs	flow	verb	eng
priteći	verb	hbs	run	verb	eng
oteći	verb	hbs	flow	verb	eng
speći	verb	hbs	bake	verb	eng
steći	verb	hbs	acquire	verb	eng
steći	verb	hbs	earn	verb	eng
uteći	verb	hbs	run	verb	eng
uteći	verb	hbs	get away	verb	eng
uteći	verb	hbs	run away	verb	eng
zateći	verb	hbs	catch	verb	eng
zateći	verb	hbs	find	verb	eng
povući	verb	hbs	pull	verb	eng
povući	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
povući	verb	hbs	retreat	verb	eng
uleći	verb	hbs	indent	verb	eng
izleći	verb	hbs	hatch	verb	eng
izleći	verb	hbs	spawn	verb	eng
pomoći	verb	hbs	help	verb	eng
izaći	verb	hbs	exit	verb	eng
izaći	verb	hbs	get out	verb	eng
izići	verb	hbs	exit	verb	eng
izići	verb	hbs	get out	verb	eng
razići	verb	hbs	disband	verb	eng
razići	verb	hbs	scatter	verb	eng
razići	verb	hbs	split	verb	eng
zaobići	verb	hbs	bypass	verb	eng
zaobići	verb	hbs	circumvent	verb	eng
proizaći	verb	hbs	come out	verb	eng
češati	verb	hbs	scratch	verb	eng
kopati	verb	hbs	dig	verb	eng
ležati	verb	hbs	lie	verb	eng
padati	verb	hbs	fall	verb	eng
pripadati	verb	hbs	belong	verb	eng
stiskati	verb	hbs	clutch	verb	eng
stiskati	verb	hbs	squeeze	verb	eng
brisati	verb	hbs	erase	verb	eng
brisati	verb	hbs	remove	verb	eng
brisati	verb	hbs	wipe	verb	eng
odgajati	verb	hbs	nurture	verb	eng
odgajati	verb	hbs	raise	verb	eng
čitati	verb	hbs	read	verb	eng
grebati	verb	hbs	claw	verb	eng
grebati	verb	hbs	scratch	verb	eng
duvati	verb	hbs	blow	verb	eng
puhati	verb	hbs	blow	verb	eng
duhati	verb	hbs	blow	verb	eng
udarati	verb	hbs	hit	verb	eng
udarati	verb	hbs	kick	verb	eng
udarati	verb	hbs	punch	verb	eng
udarati	verb	hbs	strike	verb	eng
pljuvati	verb	hbs	criticize	verb	eng
pljuvati	verb	hbs	scoff	verb	eng
pljuvati	verb	hbs	spit	verb	eng
prozvati	verb	hbs	name	verb	eng
prozvati	verb	hbs	call out	verb	eng
nazvati	verb	hbs	call	verb	eng
nazvati	verb	hbs	dial	verb	eng
nazvati	verb	hbs	name	verb	eng
zadati	verb	hbs	give	verb	eng
zadati	verb	hbs	inflict	verb	eng
zadati	verb	hbs	set	verb	eng
podati	verb	hbs	give in	verb	eng
podati	verb	hbs	submit	verb	eng
pridati	verb	hbs	give	verb	eng
razdati	verb	hbs	give out	verb	eng
sazdati	verb	hbs	construct	verb	eng
sazdati	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
izdati	verb	hbs	betray	verb	eng
izdati	verb	hbs	publish	verb	eng
predati	verb	hbs	give	verb	eng
predati	verb	hbs	give in	verb	eng
predati	verb	hbs	give up	verb	eng
predati	verb	hbs	hand over	verb	eng
predati	verb	hbs	submit	verb	eng
prodati	verb	hbs	sell	verb	eng
nestati	verb	hbs	disappear	verb	eng
postati	verb	hbs	become	verb	eng
ustati	verb	hbs	get up	verb	eng
ustati	verb	hbs	rise	verb	eng
ustati	verb	hbs	wake up	verb	eng
zastati	verb	hbs	stop	verb	eng
nastati	verb	hbs	appear	verb	eng
nastati	verb	hbs	become	verb	eng
izostati	verb	hbs	be absent	verb	eng
izostati	verb	hbs	miss	verb	eng
prestati	verb	hbs	stop	verb	eng
pristati	verb	hbs	agree	verb	eng
pristati	verb	hbs	dock	verb	eng
pristati	verb	hbs	land	verb	eng
pristati	verb	hbs	assent	verb	eng
sastati	verb	hbs	assemble	verb	eng
sastati	verb	hbs	meet	verb	eng
zvati	verb	hbs	call	verb	eng
zvati	verb	hbs	dial	verb	eng
pozvati	verb	hbs	call	verb	eng
pozvati	verb	hbs	invite	verb	eng
pisati	verb	hbs	write	verb	eng
primati	verb	hbs	receive	verb	eng
ostavljati	verb	hbs	dump	verb	eng
ostavljati	verb	hbs	leave	verb	eng
slušati	verb	hbs	listen	verb	eng
mirisati	verb	hbs	smell	verb	eng
pomagati	verb	hbs	help	verb	eng
pomagati	verb	hbs	help out	verb	eng
dizati	verb	hbs	hoist	verb	eng
dizati	verb	hbs	lift	verb	eng
dizati	verb	hbs	raise	verb	eng
dizati	verb	hbs	rise	verb	eng
pristizati	verb	hbs	arrive	verb	eng
sudarati	verb	hbs	clash	verb	eng
sudarati	verb	hbs	collide	verb	eng
sudarati	verb	hbs	crash	verb	eng
ispisati	verb	hbs	print	verb	eng
ispisati	verb	hbs	write out	verb	eng
potpisati	verb	hbs	sign	verb	eng
vjenčati	verb	hbs	marry	verb	eng
rezati	verb	hbs	cut	verb	eng
povezati	verb	hbs	associate	verb	eng
povezati	verb	hbs	connect	verb	eng
povezati	verb	hbs	link	verb	eng
povezati	verb	hbs	tie	verb	eng
saznati	verb	hbs	find out	verb	eng
saznati	verb	hbs	learn	verb	eng
doznati	verb	hbs	find out	verb	eng
doznati	verb	hbs	learn	verb	eng
priznati	verb	hbs	admit	verb	eng
priznati	verb	hbs	confess	verb	eng
izračunati	verb	hbs	calculate	verb	eng
izračunati	verb	hbs	compute	verb	eng
proračunati	verb	hbs	calculate	verb	eng
proračunati	verb	hbs	compute	verb	eng
proračunati	verb	hbs	forecast	verb	eng
vladati	verb	hbs	act	verb	eng
vladati	verb	hbs	behave	verb	eng
vladati	verb	hbs	govern	verb	eng
vladati	verb	hbs	reign	verb	eng
vladati	verb	hbs	rule	verb	eng
postojati	verb	hbs	exist	verb	eng
nastojati	verb	hbs	tend	verb	eng
nastojati	verb	hbs	try	verb	eng
sastojati	verb	hbs	comprise	verb	eng
sastojati	verb	hbs	consist	verb	eng
strujati	verb	hbs	flow	verb	eng
sijati	verb	hbs	glow	verb	eng
sijati	verb	hbs	plant	verb	eng
sijati	verb	hbs	shine	verb	eng
sijati	verb	hbs	sow	verb	eng
posijati	verb	hbs	plant	verb	eng
posijati	verb	hbs	sow	verb	eng
zasijati	verb	hbs	glow	verb	eng
zasijati	verb	hbs	shine	verb	eng
presijati	verb	hbs	sow again	verb	eng
trljati	verb	hbs	rub	verb	eng
plesati	verb	hbs	dance	verb	eng
odigrati	verb	hbs	play	verb	eng
osvajati	verb	hbs	win	verb	eng
osvajati	verb	hbs	conquer	verb	eng
čestitati	verb	hbs	congratulate	verb	eng
kretati	verb	hbs	move	verb	eng
pokretati	verb	hbs	move	verb	eng
pokretati	verb	hbs	start	verb	eng
okretati	verb	hbs	rotate	verb	eng
okretati	verb	hbs	spin	verb	eng
okretati	verb	hbs	turn	verb	eng
okretati	verb	hbs	wheel	verb	eng
osvrtati	verb	hbs	comment	verb	eng
osvrtati	verb	hbs	glance	verb	eng
osvrtati	verb	hbs	look back	verb	eng
osvrtati	verb	hbs	review	verb	eng
ispitati	verb	hbs	examine	verb	eng
ispitati	verb	hbs	test	verb	eng
olakšati	verb	hbs	relieve	verb	eng
osigurati	verb	hbs	ensure	verb	eng
osigurati	verb	hbs	insure	verb	eng
osigurati	verb	hbs	warrant	verb	eng
dodati	verb	hbs	add	verb	eng
sabrati	verb	hbs	gather	verb	eng
bježati	verb	hbs	flee	verb	eng
bježati	verb	hbs	run	verb	eng
držati	verb	hbs	hold	verb	eng
dobavljati	verb	hbs	furnish	verb	eng
zatvarati	verb	hbs	close	verb	eng
odvajati	verb	hbs	detach	verb	eng
odvajati	verb	hbs	divide	verb	eng
odvajati	verb	hbs	separate	verb	eng
odvajati	verb	hbs	split	verb	eng
otvarati	verb	hbs	open	verb	eng
ponavljati	verb	hbs	repeat	verb	eng
pogađati	verb	hbs	guess	verb	eng
pogađati	verb	hbs	hit	verb	eng
pripremati	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
pripremati	verb	hbs	prepare	verb	eng
spremati	verb	hbs	get ready	verb	eng
spremati	verb	hbs	prepare	verb	eng
spremati	verb	hbs	put back	verb	eng
spremati	verb	hbs	save	verb	eng
spremati	verb	hbs	tidy	verb	eng
postavljati	verb	hbs	lay	verb	eng
postavljati	verb	hbs	place	verb	eng
suprotstavljati	verb	hbs	oppose	verb	eng
razmišljati	verb	hbs	muse	verb	eng
razmišljati	verb	hbs	ponder	verb	eng
razmišljati	verb	hbs	think	verb	eng
vježbati	verb	hbs	practice	verb	eng
uvježbati	verb	hbs	train	verb	eng
stvarati	verb	hbs	create	verb	eng
stvarati	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
odbijati	verb	hbs	reject	verb	eng
odbijati	verb	hbs	repel	verb	eng
odbijati	verb	hbs	repulse	verb	eng
odbijati	verb	hbs	decline	verb	eng
odbijati	verb	hbs	reflect	verb	eng
odbijati	verb	hbs	rebound	verb	eng
kušati	verb	hbs	taste	verb	eng
kušati	verb	hbs	try	verb	eng
započinjati	verb	hbs	start	verb	eng
održati	verb	hbs	hold	verb	eng
napuštati	verb	hbs	abandon	verb	eng
napuštati	verb	hbs	leave	verb	eng
smetati	verb	hbs	bother	verb	eng
susretati	verb	hbs	meet	verb	eng
presretati	verb	hbs	intercept	verb	eng
zagrtati	verb	hbs	put on	verb	eng
zagrtati	verb	hbs	bury	verb	eng
slijetati	verb	hbs	land	verb	eng
vraćati	verb	hbs	give back	verb	eng
vraćati	verb	hbs	return	verb	eng
čekati	verb	hbs	wait	verb	eng
plaćati	verb	hbs	pay	verb	eng
započeti	verb	hbs	commence	verb	eng
započeti	verb	hbs	start	verb	eng
otpočeti	verb	hbs	commence	verb	eng
otpočeti	verb	hbs	start	verb	eng
početi	verb	hbs	commence	verb	eng
početi	verb	hbs	start	verb	eng
uzeti	verb	hbs	take	verb	eng
tranša	noun	hbs	tranche	noun	eng
suglasnost	noun	hbs	compliance	noun	eng
sukladnost	noun	hbs	compliance	noun	eng
suglasnost	noun	hbs	compliance	noun	eng
usklađenost	noun	hbs	compliance	noun	eng
jela	noun	hbs	fir tree	noun	eng
primogenitura	noun	hbs	primogeniture	noun	eng
aksiom	noun	hbs	axiom	noun	eng
reintegracija	noun	hbs	reintegration	noun	eng
disertacija	noun	hbs	dissertion	noun	eng
studiranje	noun	hbs	studentship	noun	eng
saučešće	noun	hbs	condolences	noun	eng
težina	noun	hbs	weight	noun	eng
uzgoj riže	noun	hbs	rice-growing	noun	eng
pripravnost	noun	hbs	stand-by	noun	eng
opiranje	noun	hbs	resist	verb	eng
ponovno pokretanje	noun	hbs	restart	verb	eng
korice	noun	hbs	scabbard	noun	eng
poštarina	noun	hbs	postage	noun	eng
svilarstvo	noun	hbs	sericulture	noun	eng
lijevanje željeza	noun	hbs	ironworking	noun	eng
posao brijača	noun	hbs	barbership	noun	eng
veličina	noun	hbs	bigness	noun	eng
lutanje	noun	hbs	vagrancy	noun	eng
skitanje	noun	hbs	vagrancy	noun	eng
djevičanstvo	noun	hbs	virginity	noun	eng
proizvodnja struje	noun	hbs	electricity production	noun	eng
vijenac	noun	hbs	wreath	noun	eng
vaterpolo	noun	hbs	waterpolo	noun	eng
ispunjenje	noun	hbs	fulfillment	noun	eng
celibat	noun	hbs	celibacy	noun	eng
panda	noun	hbs	panda	noun	eng
koala	noun	hbs	koala	noun	eng
shema	noun	hbs	schema	noun	eng
prošlost	noun	hbs	past	noun	eng
sadašnjost	noun	hbs	present	noun	eng
prošlo vrijeme	noun	hbs	past tense	noun	eng
sadašnje vrijeme	noun	hbs	present tense	noun	eng
buduće vrijeme	noun	hbs	future tense	noun	eng
puma	noun	hbs	puma	noun	eng
polarna svjetlost	noun	hbs	aurora	noun	eng
koma	noun	hbs	coma	noun	eng
saće	noun	hbs	honeycomb	noun	eng
slijepa ulica	noun	hbs	cul-de-sac	noun	eng
stoik	noun	hbs	stoic	noun	eng
skeptik	noun	hbs	sceptic	noun	eng
prostor za ime	noun	hbs	namespace	noun	eng
dimnjak	noun	hbs	chimney	noun	eng
ranoranilac	noun	hbs	early riser	noun	eng
protojezik	noun	hbs	proto-language	noun	eng
trbuhobolja	noun	hbs	stomachache	noun	eng
zombi	noun	hbs	zombie	noun	eng
prekid vatre	noun	hbs	cease-fire	noun	eng
pliskavica	noun	hbs	porpoise	noun	eng
konzervativac	noun	hbs	conservative	noun	eng
vezanje	noun	hbs	fasten	verb	eng
izmet	noun	hbs	dropping	noun	eng
kugara	noun	hbs	waxwing	noun	eng
zeba	noun	hbs	finch	noun	eng
kovač	noun	hbs	blacksmith	noun	eng
ljenivac	noun	hbs	sloth	noun	eng
prijenosno računalo	noun	hbs	laptop	noun	eng
laptop	noun	hbs	laptop	noun	eng
berserker	noun	hbs	berserker	noun	eng
brodar	noun	hbs	ship-owner	noun	eng
djetelina	noun	hbs	clover	noun	eng
defibrilator	noun	hbs	defibrillator	noun	eng
čavka	noun	hbs	jackdaw	noun	eng
dimnjačar	noun	hbs	chimney sweep	noun	eng
stapčar	noun	hbs	sea-lily	noun	eng
salmonela	noun	hbs	salmonella	noun	eng
magma	noun	hbs	magma	noun	eng
glaukom	noun	hbs	glaucoma	noun	eng
vegetarijanska hrana	noun	hbs	vegetarian food	noun	eng
klizavi teren	noun	hbs	slippery ice	noun	eng
prisutstvo na nastavi	noun	hbs	school attendance	noun	eng
savjest	noun	hbs	conscience	noun	eng
trgovina robljem	noun	hbs	slave trade	noun	eng
strani jezik	noun	hbs	foreign language	noun	eng
gusti dim	noun	hbs	thick smoke	noun	eng
birokracija	noun	hbs	red tape	noun	eng
mladi sir	noun	hbs	cottage cheese	noun	eng
jetrena pašteta	noun	hbs	liver pâté	noun	eng
dugi val	noun	hbs	long wave	noun	eng
umjereni vjetar	noun	hbs	moderate breeze	noun	eng
zavarivanje	noun	hbs	electric welding	noun	eng
puste želje	noun	hbs	wishful thinking	noun	eng
umjerenost u piću	noun	hbs	moderate drinking	noun	eng
flamanski jezik	noun	hbs	Flemish	noun	eng
slobodno suradništvo	noun	hbs	freelance work	noun	eng
laneno ulje	noun	hbs	linseed oil	noun	eng
ricinusovo ulje	noun	hbs	castor oil	noun	eng
gusti snijeg	noun	hbs	heavy snowfall	noun	eng
šovinizam	noun	hbs	chauvinism	noun	eng
istegnuće mišića	noun	hbs	muscle strain	noun	eng
obavezno obrazovanje	noun	hbs	compulsory education	noun	eng
pomorstvo	noun	hbs	seamanship	noun	eng
obavezno zaustavljanje	noun	hbs	compulsory stop	noun	eng
toplo vrijeme	noun	hbs	warm calm weather	noun	eng
hidroenergija	noun	hbs	hydroelectric power	noun	eng
vojne taktike	noun	hbs	military tactics	noun	eng
meningitis	noun	hbs	meningitis	noun	eng
bolni proces	noun	hbs	painful process	noun	eng
seksualna uzbuđenost	noun	hbs	horniness	noun	eng
napaljenost	noun	hbs	horniness	noun	eng
potpuna sreća	noun	hbs	perfect happiness	noun	eng
pravni status	noun	hbs	legal status	noun	eng
upala grla	noun	hbs	sore throat	noun	eng
predumišljaj	noun	hbs	forethought	noun	eng
pjesnički talent	noun	hbs	poetic talent	noun	eng
inje	noun	hbs	hoarfrost	noun	eng
mraz	noun	hbs	hoarfrost	noun	eng
vodene kozice	noun	hbs	chickenpox	noun	eng
peršin	noun	hbs	parsley	noun	eng
nuklearna energija	noun	hbs	nuclear energy	noun	eng
solarna energija	noun	hbs	solar energy	noun	eng
teška industrija	noun	hbs	large scale industry	noun	eng
trgovina brašnom	noun	hbs	flour trade	noun	eng
redovnički život	noun	hbs	monastic life	noun	eng
doniranje krvi	noun	hbs	blood donation	noun	eng
plan izvedbe	noun	hbs	action plan	noun	eng
zeleno svjetlo	noun	hbs	green light	noun	eng
danonoćno	adverb	hbs	day and night	noun	eng
divlja patka	noun	hbs	mallard	noun	eng
matična ploča	noun	hbs	motherboard	noun	eng
fjord	noun	hbs	fjord	noun	eng
lopatica	noun	hbs	shoulderblade	noun	eng
križarski rat	noun	hbs	crusade	noun	eng
pohod	noun	hbs	crusade	noun	eng
zaručnica	noun	hbs	fiancée	noun	eng
trbuhobolja	noun	hbs	stomach ache	noun	eng
kravata	noun	hbs	necktie	noun	eng
pahulja	noun	hbs	snowflake	noun	eng
pivo od đumbira	noun	hbs	ginger ale	noun	eng
frizura	noun	hbs	hairstyle	noun	eng
prozorski okvir	noun	hbs	window pane	noun	eng
runa	noun	hbs	rune	noun	eng
novčanica	noun	hbs	banknote	noun	eng
vilenjakinja	noun	hbs	female elf	noun	eng
štrumpf	noun	hbs	smurf	noun	eng
blitzkrieg	noun	hbs	blitzkrieg	noun	eng
jahanje	noun	hbs	horse-riding	noun	eng
anestezija	noun	hbs	anaesthesia	noun	eng
viking	noun	hbs	viking	noun	eng
cviljenje	noun	hbs	whine	verb	eng
smrad	noun	hbs	stench	noun	eng
lak	noun	hbs	varnish	noun	eng
brgljez	noun	hbs	nuthatch	noun	eng
brgljez	noun	hbs	wood nuthatch	noun	eng
plug	noun	hbs	plough	noun	eng
infarkt	noun	hbs	cardiac arrest	noun	eng
zvjezdača	noun	hbs	starfish	noun	eng
srebrnar	noun	hbs	silversmith	noun	eng
nacist	noun	hbs	nazi	noun	eng
narval	noun	hbs	narwhal	noun	eng
sunčani sat	noun	hbs	sundial	noun	eng
vjeverica	noun	hbs	squirrel	noun	eng
lasica	noun	hbs	weasel	noun	eng
nokat	noun	hbs	toenail	noun	eng
stubište	noun	hbs	stairwell	noun	eng
trol	noun	hbs	troll	noun	eng
metla	noun	hbs	broom	noun	eng
plošnjak	noun	hbs	flatworm	noun	eng
nadrealizam	noun	hbs	surrealism	noun	eng
botulizam	noun	hbs	botulism	noun	eng
utilitarizam	noun	hbs	utilitarianism	noun	eng
hedonizam	noun	hbs	hedonism	noun	eng
postmoderna	noun	hbs	postmodernism	noun	eng
iterbij	noun	hbs	ytterbium	noun	eng
francij	noun	hbs	francium	noun	eng
indij	noun	hbs	indium	noun	eng
raderfordij	noun	hbs	rutherfordium	noun	eng
siborgij	noun	hbs	seaborgium	noun	eng
talij	noun	hbs	thallium	noun	eng
cezij	noun	hbs	caesium	noun	eng
tehnecij	noun	hbs	technetium	noun	eng
rostrum	noun	hbs	rostrum	noun	eng
hipernim	noun	hbs	hypernym	noun	eng
hiponim	noun	hbs	hyponym	noun	eng
gavran	noun	hbs	raven	noun	eng
kelvin	noun	hbs	kelvin	noun	eng
sklonidba	noun	hbs	declension	noun	eng
reanimacija	noun	hbs	resuscitation	noun	eng
osnovna reanimacija	noun	hbs	basic resuscitation	noun	eng
zaleđe	noun	hbs	offside	noun	eng
nedoličnost	noun	hbs	impropriety	noun	eng
neprikladnost	noun	hbs	impropriety	noun	eng
razapinjanje	noun	hbs	crucifixion	noun	eng
rakun	noun	hbs	raccoon	noun	eng
gepek	noun	hbs	back compartment	noun	eng
prtljažnik	noun	hbs	back compartment	noun	eng
moždana ovojnica	noun	hbs	meninges	noun	eng
klasična mehanika	noun	hbs	classical mechanics	noun	eng
svemirski brod	noun	hbs	spaceship	noun	eng
ratni brod	noun	hbs	warship	noun	eng
koplje	noun	hbs	spear	noun	eng
djetlić	noun	hbs	woodpecker	noun	eng
zeleni djetlić	noun	hbs	green woodpecker	noun	eng
točkasti djetlić	noun	hbs	lesser spotted woodpecker	noun	eng
ljutica	noun	hbs	viper	noun	eng
guja	noun	hbs	viper	noun	eng
zmija otrovnica	noun	hbs	viper	noun	eng
gumica za brisanje	noun	hbs	eraser	noun	eng
asteroidni pojas	noun	hbs	asteroid belt	noun	eng
pojas za spašavanje	noun	hbs	life belt	noun	eng
pilot samoubojica	noun	hbs	suicide pilot	noun	eng
gregorijanski koral	noun	hbs	Gregorian chant	noun	eng
pokretač	noun	hbs	agitator	noun	eng
podbadač	noun	hbs	agitator	noun	eng
hrapavost	noun	hbs	hoarseness	noun	eng
promuklost	noun	hbs	hoarseness	noun	eng
žrtveni jarac	noun	hbs	scapegoat	noun	eng
mušketa	noun	hbs	musket	noun	eng
pustinjak	noun	hbs	hermit	noun	eng
jogurt	noun	hbs	yogurt	noun	eng
oftalmolog	noun	hbs	ophthalmologist	noun	eng
prokulica	noun	hbs	brussel sprout	noun	eng
kandža	noun	hbs	claw	noun	eng
slama	noun	hbs	straw	noun	eng
vrba	noun	hbs	willow	noun	eng
vosak	noun	hbs	wax	noun	eng
autocesta	noun	hbs	motorway	noun	eng
stubište	noun	hbs	stairway	noun	eng
rubin	noun	hbs	ruby	noun	eng
pas	noun	hbs	doggy	noun	eng
krijesnica	noun	hbs	firefly	noun	eng
ružmarin	noun	hbs	rosemary	noun	eng
kalorija	noun	hbs	calory	noun	eng
skorbut	noun	hbs	scurvy	noun	eng
flora i fauna	noun	hbs	flora and fauna	noun	eng
jaki vjetar	noun	hbs	very strong wind	noun	eng
učiteljski fakultet	noun	hbs	teacher training college	noun	eng
prijenosni plamenik	noun	hbs	camping gas stove	noun	eng
magmatska stijena	noun	hbs	porphyritic igneous rock	noun	eng
crvena krvna stanica	noun	hbs	red blood cell	noun	eng
bijela krvna stanica	noun	hbs	white blood cell	noun	eng
služba spašavanja	noun	hbs	life saving association	noun	eng
automehaničarska radnja	noun	hbs	car repair shop	noun	eng
okružni službenik	noun	hbs	district administrative officer	noun	eng
basist	noun	hbs	bass guitar player	noun	eng
pola sata	noun	hbs	half an hour	noun	eng
jednosmjerna ulica	noun	hbs	one way street	noun	eng
dodatni dan prijestupne godine	noun	hbs	leap year day	noun	eng
urbano područje	noun	hbs	urban area	noun	eng
krvna plazma	noun	hbs	blood plasma	noun	eng
simfonijski orkestar	noun	hbs	symphony orchestra	noun	eng
uskršnji jaganjac	noun	hbs	easter lamb	noun	eng
hidrogenska bomba	noun	hbs	hydrogen bomb	noun	eng
atomska bomba	noun	hbs	atomic bomb	noun	eng
predikat	noun	hbs	main verb	noun	eng
vebum deponens	noun	hbs	deponent verb	noun	eng
pomoćni glagol	noun	hbs	auxiliary verb	noun	eng
športski klub	noun	hbs	sports club	noun	eng
sportski klub	noun	hbs	sports club	noun	eng
zaobilaznica	noun	hbs	ring road	noun	eng
šljunčana cesta	noun	hbs	gravel road	noun	eng
planinski put	noun	hbs	mountain road	noun	eng
riječno dno	noun	hbs	river bed	noun	eng
staja	noun	hbs	animal shed	noun	eng
slušni aparat	noun	hbs	hearing aid	noun	eng
karbonska kiselina	noun	hbs	carbonic acid	noun	eng
magnetsko polje	noun	hbs	magnetic field	noun	eng
posvojeno dijete	noun	hbs	adopted child	noun	eng
nevoljeno dijete	noun	hbs	unloved child	noun	eng
izvanbračno dijete	noun	hbs	illegitimate child	noun	eng
štićenik	noun	hbs	foster child	noun	eng
rođendansko dijete	noun	hbs	birthday child	noun	eng
jedinac	noun	hbs	only child	noun	eng
Island	noun	hbs	Iceland	noun	eng
vizualna umjetnost	noun	hbs	visual arts	noun	eng
jezikoslovlje	noun	hbs	linguistics	noun	eng
lingvistika	noun	hbs	linguistics	noun	eng
naočale	noun	hbs	glasses	noun	eng
defibrilacija	noun	hbs	defibrillation	noun	eng
agronomist	noun	hbs	agronomist	noun	eng
oklop	noun	hbs	armour	noun	eng
astat	noun	hbs	astatine	noun	eng
astrofizika	noun	hbs	astrophysics	noun	eng
relikvija	noun	hbs	relic	noun	eng
bakterija	noun	hbs	bacteria	noun	eng
barbar	noun	hbs	barbarian	noun	eng
bataljun	noun	hbs	battalion	noun	eng
bojna	noun	hbs	battalion	noun	eng
kupina	noun	hbs	blackberry	noun	eng
krvoproliće	noun	hbs	bloodbath	noun	eng
zagrada	noun	hbs	bracket	noun	eng
limeni orkestar	noun	hbs	brass band	noun	eng
bumbar	noun	hbs	bumblebee	noun	eng
vozač autobusa	noun	hbs	bus driver	noun	eng
autobusna stanica	noun	hbs	bus stop	noun	eng
top	noun	hbs	cannon	noun	eng
planinarenje	noun	hbs	mountain walking	noun	eng
celer	noun	hbs	celery	noun	eng
gepard	noun	hbs	cheetah	noun	eng
dimnjak	noun	hbs	chimney	noun	eng
kinematografija	noun	hbs	cinematography	noun	eng
klitoris	noun	hbs	clitoris	noun	eng
odjeća	noun	hbs	clothes	noun	eng
plahta	noun	hbs	bed sheets	noun	eng
kabriolet	noun	hbs	convertible	noun	eng
vikendica	noun	hbs	cottage	noun	eng
rak	noun	hbs	crustacean	noun	eng
kukavica	noun	hbs	cuckoo	noun	eng
maslačak	noun	hbs	dandelion	noun	eng
rosa	noun	hbs	dew	noun	eng
dijabetes	noun	hbs	diabetes	noun	eng
šećerna bolest	noun	hbs	diabetes	noun	eng
dinosaur	noun	hbs	dinosaur	noun	eng
perilica posuđa	noun	hbs	dishwasher	noun	eng
jarak	noun	hbs	ditch	noun	eng
bušilica	noun	hbs	drill	noun	eng
pomrčina	noun	hbs	eclipse	noun	eng
elektronička pošta	noun	hbs	email	noun	eng
sokol	noun	hbs	falcon	noun	eng
familijarnost	noun	hbs	familiarity	noun	eng
telefaks	noun	hbs	fax	noun	eng
izmet	noun	hbs	faeces	noun	eng
vatromet	noun	hbs	firework	noun	eng
flash	noun	hbs	flash	noun	eng
čelo	noun	hbs	forehead	noun	eng
strana valuta	noun	hbs	foreign currency	noun	eng
šumarstvo	noun	hbs	forestry	noun	eng
vilica	noun	hbs	fork	noun	eng
lisica	noun	hbs	fox	noun	eng
geograf	noun	hbs	geographer	noun	eng
đumbir	noun	hbs	ginger	noun	eng
žirafa	noun	hbs	giraffe	noun	eng
evanđelje	noun	hbs	gospel	noun	eng
galeb	noun	hbs	gull	noun	eng
galeb	noun	hbs	herring gull	noun	eng
tuča	noun	hbs	hail	noun	eng
halogen	noun	hbs	halogen	noun	eng
aureola	noun	hbs	halo	noun	eng
vrhovni sud	noun	hbs	high court	noun	eng
jahanje	noun	hbs	horsemanship	noun	eng
hortikultura	noun	hbs	horticulturist	noun	eng
hipohondrija	noun	hbs	hypochondria	noun	eng
licemjer	noun	hbs	hypocrite	noun	eng
sladoled	noun	hbs	ice cream	noun	eng
nepreciznost	noun	hbs	inaccuracy	noun	eng
bjelokost	noun	hbs	ivory	noun	eng
kivi	noun	hbs	kiwi	noun	eng
kripton	noun	hbs	krypton	noun	eng
ljestve	noun	hbs	ladder	noun	eng
baština	noun	hbs	legacy	noun	eng
nasljedstvo	noun	hbs	legacy	noun	eng
nasljeđe	noun	hbs	legacy	noun	eng
liberalizam	noun	hbs	liberalism	noun	eng
libertarijanizam	noun	hbs	libertarianism	noun	eng
vapnenac	noun	hbs	limestone	noun	eng
jezikoslovac	noun	hbs	linguist	noun	eng
lingvist	noun	hbs	linguist	noun	eng
ruž	noun	hbs	lipstick	noun	eng
tkalački stan	noun	hbs	loom	noun	eng
djeva	noun	hbs	maiden	noun	eng
kozmetika	noun	hbs	makeup	noun	eng
margarin	noun	hbs	margarine	noun	eng
matematika	noun	hbs	mathematics	noun	eng
trgovac	noun	hbs	merchant	noun	eng
metafizika	noun	hbs	metaphysics	noun	eng
mimika	noun	hbs	mimic	noun	eng
mimikrija	noun	hbs	mimic	noun	eng
mobilni telefon	noun	hbs	mobile phone	noun	eng
mobitel	noun	hbs	mobile phone	noun	eng
vlaga	noun	hbs	moisture	noun	eng
komarac	noun	hbs	mosquito	noun	eng
množenje	noun	hbs	multiplication	noun	eng
nukleon	noun	hbs	nucleon	noun	eng
najlon	noun	hbs	nylon	noun	eng
ugnjetavanje	noun	hbs	oppression	noun	eng
optika	noun	hbs	optics	noun	eng
ortodoksija	noun	hbs	orthodoxy	noun	eng
hlače	noun	hbs	pants	noun	eng
pesimist	noun	hbs	pessimist	noun	eng
farmakolog	noun	hbs	pharmacologist	noun	eng
jastuk	noun	hbs	pillow	noun	eng
pizza	noun	hbs	pizza	noun	eng
dramski pisac	noun	hbs	playwright	noun	eng
kliješta	noun	hbs	pliers	noun	eng
proton	noun	hbs	proton	noun	eng
pseudonim	noun	hbs	pseudonym	noun	eng
psihijatar	noun	hbs	psychiatrist	noun	eng
duga	noun	hbs	rainbow	noun	eng
smola	noun	hbs	resin	noun	eng
osveta	noun	hbs	revenge	noun	eng
rodij	noun	hbs	rhodium	noun	eng
glodavac	noun	hbs	rodent	noun	eng
veslač	noun	hbs	rower	noun	eng
sablja	noun	hbs	saber	noun	eng
sauna	noun	hbs	sauna	noun	eng
skandij	noun	hbs	scandium	noun	eng
strašilo	noun	hbs	scarecrow	noun	eng
shizofreničar	noun	hbs	schizophrenic	noun	eng
školarac	noun	hbs	schoolchild	noun	eng
škorpion	noun	hbs	scorpion	noun	eng
internetski pretraživač	noun	hbs	search engine	noun	eng
sediment	noun	hbs	sediment	noun	eng
brodograditelj	noun	hbs	shipbuilder	noun	eng
brodogradilište	noun	hbs	shipyard	noun	eng
lopata	noun	hbs	shovel	noun	eng
skepticizam	noun	hbs	skepticism	noun	eng
postmoderna	noun	hbs	postmodernism	noun	eng
sunčev sustav	noun	hbs	solar system	noun	eng
suvenir	noun	hbs	souvenir	noun	eng
životni vijek	noun	hbs	life span	noun	eng
špinat	noun	hbs	spinach	noun	eng
kotač	noun	hbs	spinning wheel	noun	eng
slina	noun	hbs	spittle	noun	eng
stremen	noun	hbs	stirrup	noun	eng
hijerarhija	noun	hbs	subordinate	noun	eng
sunčeva svjetlost	noun	hbs	sunlight	noun	eng
zalazak sunca	noun	hbs	sunset	noun	eng
sunčeva svjetlost	noun	hbs	sunshine	noun	eng
sinonim	noun	hbs	synonym	noun	eng
tangenta	noun	hbs	tangent	noun	eng
tezaurus	noun	hbs	thesaurus	noun	eng
grmljavinska oluja	noun	hbs	thunderstorm	noun	eng
odabrano vrijeme	noun	hbs	chosen time	noun	eng
stari vijek	noun	hbs	ancient times	noun	eng
ulična rasvjeta	noun	hbs	street lights	noun	eng
zubna pasta	noun	hbs	toothpaste	noun	eng
odašiljač	noun	hbs	transmitter	noun	eng
trombon	noun	hbs	trombone	noun	eng
truba	noun	hbs	trumpet	noun	eng
purica	noun	hbs	turkey	noun	eng
pisaći stroj	noun	hbs	typewriter	noun	eng
vakuum	noun	hbs	vacuum	noun	eng
ventil	noun	hbs	valve	noun	eng
vena	noun	hbs	vein	noun	eng
kralježnjak	noun	hbs	vertebrate	noun	eng
zid	noun	hbs	wall	noun	eng
urar	noun	hbs	watchmaker	noun	eng
valna duljina	noun	hbs	wavelength	noun	eng
cepelin	noun	hbs	zeppelin	noun	eng
amnezija	noun	hbs	amnesia	noun	eng
ozeblina	noun	hbs	frostbite	noun	eng
sintaksa	noun	hbs	syntax	noun	eng
algebra	noun	hbs	algebra	noun	eng
agnosticizam	noun	hbs	agnostic	noun	eng
desna ruka	noun	hbs	right hand	noun	eng
križaljka	noun	hbs	crossword	noun	eng
kocka	noun	hbs	cube	noun	eng
forenzika	noun	hbs	forensic science	noun	eng
pravokutnik	noun	hbs	rectangle	noun	eng
ksilofon	noun	hbs	xylophone	noun	eng
videotraka	noun	hbs	videotape	noun	eng
ugodan okus	noun	hbs	nice taste	noun	eng
nevjerovanje	noun	hbs	unbelief	noun	eng
golf	noun	hbs	golf	noun	eng
sendvič	noun	hbs	sandwich	noun	eng
pješačka staza	noun	hbs	footpath	noun	eng
dvadesetina	noun	hbs	twentieth	noun	eng
zračna komora	noun	hbs	air lock	noun	eng
karamela	noun	hbs	caramel	noun	eng
ugodan miris	noun	hbs	nice smell	noun	eng
osnovna škola	noun	hbs	primary school	noun	eng
tehnička škola	noun	hbs	technical school	noun	eng
akronim	noun	hbs	acronym	noun	eng
katamaran	noun	hbs	catamaran	noun	eng
slanina	noun	hbs	bacon	noun	eng
losos	noun	hbs	salmon	noun	eng
badminton	noun	hbs	badminton	noun	eng
klokan	noun	hbs	kangaroo	noun	eng
bunker	noun	hbs	bunker	noun	eng
novinar	noun	hbs	interviewer	noun	eng
cvjetača	noun	hbs	cauliflower	noun	eng
video nadzor	noun	hbs	video surveillance	noun	eng
video player	noun	hbs	video player	noun	eng
šahist	noun	hbs	chess player	noun	eng
etika	noun	hbs	ethics	noun	eng
povrće	noun	hbs	vegetables	noun	eng
aligator	noun	hbs	alligator	noun	eng
atlas	noun	hbs	atlas	noun	eng
hepatitis	noun	hbs	hepatitis	noun	eng
proljev	noun	hbs	diarrhoea	noun	eng
bulimija	noun	hbs	bulimia	noun	eng
upala crvuljka	noun	hbs	appendicitis	noun	eng
upala slijepog crijeva	noun	hbs	appendicitis	noun	eng
sifilis	noun	hbs	syphilis	noun	eng
retinoshiza	noun	hbs	retinoschisis	noun	eng
encefalitis	noun	hbs	encephalitis	noun	eng
vojvotkinja	noun	hbs	duchess	noun	eng
barunica	noun	hbs	baroness	noun	eng
carica	noun	hbs	empress	noun	eng
abak	noun	hbs	abacus	noun	eng
čudnovati kljunaš	noun	hbs	platypus	noun	eng
samopoštovanje	noun	hbs	self respect	noun	eng
nepoštovanje	noun	hbs	disrespect	noun	eng
kelt	noun	hbs	Celt	noun	eng
ateist	noun	hbs	atheist	noun	eng
antikrist	noun	hbs	antichrist	noun	eng
forenzičar	noun	hbs	forensic scientist	noun	eng
forenzičarka	noun	hbs	forensic scientist	noun	eng
svemriski znanstvenik	noun	hbs	space scientist	noun	eng
hidrant	noun	hbs	fire hydrant	noun	eng
vinjak	noun	hbs	brandy	noun	eng
magarac	noun	hbs	donkey	noun	eng
leksikografija	noun	hbs	lexicography	noun	eng
priča o duhovima	noun	hbs	ghost story	noun	eng
tijesto	noun	hbs	dough	noun	eng
grad	noun	hbs	city	noun	eng
apoteka	noun	hbs	chemist's	noun	eng
farmacija	noun	hbs	chemist's	noun	eng
hebrejski jezik	noun	hbs	Hebrew	noun	eng
budizam	noun	hbs	buddhism	noun	eng
budist	noun	hbs	buddhist	noun	eng
marksizam	noun	hbs	marxism	noun	eng
marksist	noun	hbs	marxist	noun	eng
nacizam	noun	hbs	nazism	noun	eng
nacionalsocijalizam	noun	hbs	nazism	noun	eng
neonacizam	noun	hbs	neo-nazism	noun	eng
protestant	noun	hbs	protestant	noun	eng
španjolac	noun	hbs	Spaniard	noun	eng
danac	noun	hbs	Dane	noun	eng
marsovac	noun	hbs	Martian	noun	eng
grenlandijac	noun	hbs	Greenlander	noun	eng
englez	noun	hbs	Englishman	noun	eng
valencijsko narječje	noun	hbs	Valencian	noun	eng
afrikaans	noun	hbs	Afrikaans	noun	eng
opat	noun	hbs	abbot	noun	eng
ablacija	noun	hbs	ablation	noun	eng
tačke	noun	hbs	wheelbarrow	noun	eng
golub	noun	hbs	dove	noun	eng
sajam	noun	hbs	trade fair	noun	eng
nacionalno kazalište	noun	hbs	national theatre	noun	eng
grlica	noun	hbs	turtle dove	noun	eng
morski jež	noun	hbs	sea urchin	noun	eng
ured za oglašavanje	noun	hbs	advertising department	noun	eng
puhački instrument	noun	hbs	wind instrument	noun	eng
drveno puhačko glazbalo	noun	hbs	woodwind instrument	noun	eng
simbol elementa	noun	hbs	element symbol	noun	eng
odjeća	noun	hbs	garment	noun	eng
osnovna škola	noun	hbs	elementary school	noun	eng
istraživački rad	noun	hbs	research assignment	noun	eng
glazbalo	noun	hbs	musical instrument	noun	eng
memento	noun	hbs	memento	noun	eng
vatrogasna postrojba	noun	hbs	fire department	noun	eng
gudački instrument	noun	hbs	string instrument	noun	eng
parlamentarni izbori	noun	hbs	parliamentary election	noun	eng
računovodstvo	noun	hbs	accountancy	noun	eng
kiselina	noun	hbs	acid	noun	eng
kiselost	noun	hbs	acidity	noun	eng
akustika	noun	hbs	acoustics	noun	eng
aktivist	noun	hbs	activist	noun	eng
adjudikacija	noun	hbs	adjudication	noun	eng
adolescencija	noun	hbs	adolescence	noun	eng
fosforescencija	noun	hbs	phosphorescence	noun	eng
adrenalin	noun	hbs	adrenaline	noun	eng
preljub	noun	hbs	adultery	noun	eng
napetost	noun	hbs	adversity	noun	eng
oglašavanje	noun	hbs	advertisement	noun	eng
aerosol	noun	hbs	aerosol	noun	eng
estetika	noun	hbs	aesthetics	noun	eng
novinarska agencija	noun	hbs	news agency	noun	eng
agent	noun	hbs	agent	noun	eng
agresija	noun	hbs	aggressiveness	noun	eng
alarm	noun	hbs	alarm	noun	eng
algoritam	noun	hbs	algorithm	noun	eng
legura	noun	hbs	alloy	noun	eng
aluvij	noun	hbs	alluvium	noun	eng
oltar	noun	hbs	altar	noun	eng
altruist	noun	hbs	altruist	noun	eng
vodozemac	noun	hbs	amphibian	noun	eng
amfiteatar	noun	hbs	amphitheatre	noun	eng
amplituda	noun	hbs	amplitude	noun	eng
amputacija	noun	hbs	amputation	noun	eng
anarhist	noun	hbs	anarchist	noun	eng
sidro	noun	hbs	anchor	noun	eng
anegdota	noun	hbs	anecdote	noun	eng
anihilacija	noun	hbs	annihilation	noun	eng
vijest	noun	hbs	news announcement	noun	eng
antologija	noun	hbs	anthology	noun	eng
protutijelo	noun	hbs	antibody	noun	eng
antioksidans	noun	hbs	antioxidant	noun	eng
netrpeljivost	noun	hbs	antipathy	noun	eng
antisemitizam	noun	hbs	antisemitism	noun	eng
anus	noun	hbs	anus	noun	eng
apatija	noun	hbs	apathy	noun	eng
adamova jabučica	noun	hbs	Adam's apple	noun	eng
marelica	noun	hbs	apricot	noun	eng
arheolog	noun	hbs	archeologist	noun	eng
arheologinja	noun	hbs	archeologist	noun	eng
otočje	noun	hbs	archipelago	noun	eng
površina	noun	hbs	capital area	noun	eng
siromašno naselje	noun	hbs	poor area	noun	eng
sovjetska vojska	noun	hbs	Soviet army	noun	eng
oružje	noun	hbs	armament	noun	eng
aroma	noun	hbs	aroma	noun	eng
uhićenik	noun	hbs	arrested person	noun	eng
beskućnik	noun	hbs	homeless person	noun	eng
zlica	noun	hbs	evil person	noun	eng
arterija	noun	hbs	artery	noun	eng
artičoka	noun	hbs	artichoke	noun	eng
topništvo	noun	hbs	artillery	noun	eng
ascendent	noun	hbs	ascendant	noun	eng
pepeljara	noun	hbs	ashtray	noun	eng
asfalt	noun	hbs	asphalt	noun	eng
medicinska pomoć	noun	hbs	medical assistance	noun	eng
osiguranje	noun	hbs	assurance	noun	eng
uvjeravanje	noun	hbs	assurance	noun	eng
zvjezdica	noun	hbs	asterisk	noun	eng
asteroid	noun	hbs	asteroid	noun	eng
astronaut	noun	hbs	astronaut	noun	eng
astronomija	noun	hbs	astronomy	noun	eng
astronom	noun	hbs	astronomer	noun	eng
kravlja balega	noun	hbs	cow dung	noun	eng
ionosfera	noun	hbs	ionosphere	noun	eng
revizija	noun	hbs	audit	verb	eng
revizor	noun	hbs	auditor	noun	eng
aureola	noun	hbs	aureole	noun	eng
autoritarizam	noun	hbs	authoritarianism	noun	eng
autizam	noun	hbs	autism	noun	eng
autobiografija	noun	hbs	autobiography	noun	eng
leksikografija	noun	hbs	lexicography	noun	eng
snježna lavina	noun	hbs	avalanche	noun	eng
avangarda	noun	hbs	avant-garde	noun	eng
pohlepa	noun	hbs	avarice	noun	eng
avatar	noun	hbs	avatar	noun	eng
sjekira	noun	hbs	axe	noun	eng
beba	noun	hbs	baby	noun	eng
novorođenče	noun	hbs	baby	noun	eng
mornarica	noun	hbs	navy	noun	eng
ratna mornarica	noun	hbs	navy	noun	eng
jazavac	noun	hbs	badger	noun	eng
pekar	noun	hbs	baker	noun	eng
banana	noun	hbs	banana	noun	eng
stečaj	noun	hbs	bankruptcy	noun	eng
bankrot	noun	hbs	bankruptcy	noun	eng
središnja banka	noun	hbs	central bank	noun	eng
bankar	noun	hbs	banker	noun	eng
banket	noun	hbs	banquet	noun	eng
krštenje	noun	hbs	baptism	noun	eng
barometar	noun	hbs	barometer	noun	eng
barun	noun	hbs	baron	noun	eng
vojarna	noun	hbs	barracks	noun	eng
barikada	noun	hbs	barricade	noun	eng
bejzbol	noun	hbs	baseball	noun	eng
bazilika	noun	hbs	basilica	noun	eng
koš	noun	hbs	basket	noun	eng
košara	noun	hbs	basket	noun	eng
košarka	noun	hbs	basketball	noun	eng
zaljev	noun	hbs	bay	noun	eng
plaža	noun	hbs	beach	noun	eng
kljun	noun	hbs	beak	noun	eng
brada	noun	hbs	beard	noun	eng
ljudsko biće	noun	hbs	human being	noun	eng
ljudski rod	noun	hbs	human race	noun	eng
vjerovanje	noun	hbs	belief	noun	eng
izdaja	noun	hbs	betrayal	noun	eng
izdajica	noun	hbs	betrayer	noun	eng
izdajnik	noun	hbs	betrayer	noun	eng
kockanje	noun	hbs	betting	noun	eng
bibliografija	noun	hbs	bibliography	noun	eng
bicikl	noun	hbs	bicycle	noun	eng
dvogled	noun	hbs	binoculars	noun	eng
životopis	noun	hbs	biography	noun	eng
biomasa	noun	hbs	biomass	noun	eng
biopsija	noun	hbs	biopsy	noun	eng
porođaj	noun	hbs	childbirth	noun	eng
rođendan	noun	hbs	birthday	noun	eng
datum rođenja	noun	hbs	birth day	noun	eng
biskvit	noun	hbs	biscuit	noun	eng
biseksualnost	noun	hbs	bisexuality	noun	eng
dijeceza	noun	hbs	bishopric	noun	eng
blagoslov	noun	hbs	blessing	noun	eng
sljepoća	noun	hbs	blindness	noun	eng
blokada	noun	hbs	blockade	noun	eng
mećava	noun	hbs	blizzard	noun	eng
čamac	noun	hbs	boat	noun	eng
bojler	noun	hbs	boiler	noun	eng
kotao	noun	hbs	boiler	noun	eng
bombarder	noun	hbs	bomber	noun	eng
jagodična kost	noun	hbs	cheekbone	noun	eng
ključna kost	noun	hbs	collarbone	noun	eng
ključna kost	noun	hbs	collar bone	noun	eng
kuk	noun	hbs	hip bone	noun	eng
čizma	noun	hbs	boot	noun	eng
jahačka čizma	noun	hbs	riding boot	noun	eng
gumena čizma	noun	hbs	wellington boot	noun	eng
boca	noun	hbs	bottle	noun	eng
buržoazija	noun	hbs	bourgeoisie	noun	eng
boks	noun	hbs	boxing	noun	eng
kočnice	noun	hbs	brake	noun	eng
kruh	noun	hbs	bread	noun	eng
pivovara	noun	hbs	brewery	noun	eng
opeka	noun	hbs	brick	noun	eng
javna kuća	noun	hbs	brothel	noun	eng
birokracija	noun	hbs	bureaucracy	noun	eng
maslac	noun	hbs	butter	noun	eng
stražnjica	noun	hbs	buttock	noun	eng
guz	noun	hbs	buttock	noun	eng
botun	noun	hbs	button	noun	eng
dugme	noun	hbs	button	noun	eng
gumb	noun	hbs	button	noun	eng
puce	noun	hbs	button	noun	eng
demencija	noun	hbs	caducity	noun	eng
kafić	noun	hbs	cafe	noun	eng
kofein	noun	hbs	caffeine	noun	eng
kolač	noun	hbs	cake	noun	eng
pita	noun	hbs	cake	noun	eng
torta	noun	hbs	cake	noun	eng
kalcinacija	noun	hbs	calcination	noun	eng
kalkulator	noun	hbs	calculator	noun	eng
kalendar	noun	hbs	calendar	noun	eng
kalif	noun	hbs	caliph	noun	eng
kalorija	noun	hbs	calorie	noun	eng
kanal	noun	hbs	canal	noun	eng
slatkiš	noun	hbs	candy	noun	eng
bombon	noun	hbs	candy	noun	eng
bonbon	noun	hbs	candy	noun	eng
svijeća	noun	hbs	candle	noun	eng
kapitalizam	noun	hbs	capitalism	noun	eng
kapitalist	noun	hbs	capitalist	noun	eng
karavan	noun	hbs	caravan	noun	eng
ugljik	noun	hbs	carbon	noun	eng
karton	noun	hbs	cardboard	noun	eng
kardiolog	noun	hbs	cardiologist	noun	eng
kozmetika	noun	hbs	beauty care	noun	eng
karikatura	noun	hbs	caricature	noun	eng
mesožder	noun	hbs	carnivore	noun	eng
mrkva	noun	hbs	carrot	noun	eng
kartel	noun	hbs	cartel	noun	eng
kartografija	noun	hbs	cartography	noun	eng
kasta	noun	hbs	caste	noun	eng
dvorac	noun	hbs	castle	noun	eng
kastracija	noun	hbs	castration	noun	eng
katalog	noun	hbs	catalogue	noun	eng
katapult	noun	hbs	catapult	noun	eng
siva mrena	noun	hbs	cataract	noun	eng
katarakta	noun	hbs	cataract	noun	eng
katekizam	noun	hbs	catechism	noun	eng
katedrala	noun	hbs	cathedral	noun	eng
stoka	noun	hbs	cattle	noun	eng
špilja	noun	hbs	cave	noun	eng
celuloid	noun	hbs	celluloid	noun	eng
groblje	noun	hbs	cemetery	noun	eng
centralizam	noun	hbs	centralism	noun	eng
žitarice	noun	hbs	cereal	noun	eng
zobene pahuljice	noun	hbs	cereal	noun	eng
šampanjac	noun	hbs	champagne	noun	eng
kaos	noun	hbs	chaos	noun	eng
kapela	noun	hbs	chapel	noun	eng
karizma	noun	hbs	charisma	noun	eng
šasija	noun	hbs	chassis	noun	eng
obraz	noun	hbs	cheek	noun	eng
ček	noun	hbs	cheque	noun	eng
kokoš	noun	hbs	chicken	noun	eng
himera	noun	hbs	chimaera	noun	eng
čimpanza	noun	hbs	chimpanzee	noun	eng
porculan	noun	hbs	china	noun	eng
klor	noun	hbs	chlorine	noun	eng
čokolada	noun	hbs	chocolate	noun	eng
kolesterol	noun	hbs	cholesterol	noun	eng
zboraš	noun	hbs	chorister	noun	eng
kor	noun	hbs	chorus	noun	eng
kromosomi	noun	hbs	chromosome	noun	eng
kronika	noun	hbs	chronicle	noun	eng
kronologija	noun	hbs	chronology	noun	eng
cvrčak	noun	hbs	cicada	noun	eng
cimet	noun	hbs	cinnamon	noun	eng
obrezivanje	noun	hbs	circumcision	noun	eng
cirkus	noun	hbs	circus	noun	eng
citadela	noun	hbs	citadel	noun	eng
citrus	noun	hbs	citrus	noun	eng
grad	noun	hbs	city	noun	eng
klarinet	noun	hbs	clarinet	noun	eng
klasicizam	noun	hbs	classicism	noun	eng
glina	noun	hbs	clay	noun	eng
litica	noun	hbs	cliff	noun	eng
odjeća	noun	hbs	clothes	noun	eng
sedam	noun	hbs	seven	noun	eng
odjeća	noun	hbs	clothing	noun	eng
klaun	noun	hbs	clown	noun	eng
istočna obala	noun	hbs	east coast	noun	eng
zapadna obala	noun	hbs	west coast	noun	eng
sjeverna obala	noun	hbs	north coast	noun	eng
južna obala	noun	hbs	south coast	noun	eng
koktel	noun	hbs	cocktail	noun	eng
kovanica	noun	hbs	coin	noun	eng
snošaj	noun	hbs	coitus	noun	eng
masovni medij	noun	hbs	mass medium	noun	eng
kolokvij	noun	hbs	colloquium	noun	eng
rostrum	noun	hbs	rostrum	noun	eng
kolonijalizam	noun	hbs	colonialism	noun	eng
bivati	verb	hbs	be	verb	eng
pokušati	verb	hbs	try	verb	eng
pokušavati	verb	hbs	try	verb	eng
uvažavati	verb	hbs	appreciate	verb	eng
uvažavati	verb	hbs	respect	verb	eng
žveplati	verb	hbs	treat with sulphur	verb	eng
svađati	verb	hbs	argue	verb	eng
hodati	verb	hbs	walk	verb	eng
šetati	verb	hbs	walk	verb	eng
šetati	verb	hbs	stroll	verb	eng
dahtati	verb	hbs	pant	verb	eng
lutati	verb	hbs	wander	verb	eng
iskušati	verb	hbs	try	verb	eng
iskušati	verb	hbs	tempt	verb	eng
spakirati	verb	hbs	pack	verb	eng
istjerati	verb	hbs	evict	verb	eng
izabrati	verb	hbs	choose	verb	eng
izabrati	verb	hbs	pick	verb	eng
ugledati	verb	hbs	notice	verb	eng
ugledati	verb	hbs	sight	verb	eng
ugledati	verb	hbs	catch sight of	verb	eng
odgovarati	verb	hbs	answer	verb	eng
odgovarati	verb	hbs	fit	verb	eng
odgovarati	verb	hbs	match	verb	eng
odgovarati	verb	hbs	respond	verb	eng
izazvati	verb	hbs	arouse	verb	eng
izazvati	verb	hbs	provoke	verb	eng
sazvati	verb	hbs	assemble	verb	eng
sazvati	verb	hbs	summon	verb	eng
izvojevati	verb	hbs	manage	verb	eng
bujati	verb	hbs	flourish	verb	eng
bujati	verb	hbs	overflow	verb	eng
izbijati	verb	hbs	break out	verb	eng
izbijati	verb	hbs	protrude	verb	eng
izdvajati	verb	hbs	stand out	verb	eng
odmarati	verb	hbs	rest	verb	eng
odstupati	verb	hbs	deviate	verb	eng
odvijati	verb	hbs	take place	verb	eng
odvijati	verb	hbs	unscrew	verb	eng
odvraćati	verb	hbs	alienate	verb	eng
odvraćati	verb	hbs	deter	verb	eng
ojačati	verb	hbs	invigorate	verb	eng
ojačati	verb	hbs	strengthen	verb	eng
oporavljati	verb	hbs	convalesce	verb	eng
oporavljati	verb	hbs	rally	verb	eng
oporavljati	verb	hbs	recover	verb	eng
opraštati	verb	hbs	forgive	verb	eng
opremati	verb	hbs	equip	verb	eng
osjećati	verb	hbs	feel	verb	eng
osjećati	verb	hbs	sense	verb	eng
oslobađati	verb	hbs	free	verb	eng
otklanjati	verb	hbs	avert	verb	eng
otklanjati	verb	hbs	decline	verb	eng
otpravljati	verb	hbs	dispatch	verb	eng
otpremati	verb	hbs	transport	verb	eng
otpuštati	verb	hbs	emit	verb	eng
otpuštati	verb	hbs	fire	verb	eng
otpuštati	verb	hbs	release	verb	eng
ozdravljati	verb	hbs	recover	verb	eng
pjevati	verb	hbs	sing	verb	eng
pljačkati	verb	hbs	rob	verb	eng
poboljšati	verb	hbs	enhance	verb	eng
poboljšati	verb	hbs	update	verb	eng
poboljšati	verb	hbs	improve	verb	eng
podrazumijevati	verb	hbs	imply	verb	eng
podsjećati	verb	hbs	remind	verb	eng
poklapati	verb	hbs	fit	verb	eng
poklapati	verb	hbs	concur	verb	eng
pomišljati	verb	hbs	think	verb	eng
popričati	verb	hbs	chat	verb	eng
popričati	verb	hbs	talk	verb	eng
porazgovarati	verb	hbs	talk	verb	eng
smatrati	verb	hbs	assume	verb	eng
smatrati	verb	hbs	believe	verb	eng
smatrati	verb	hbs	consider	verb	eng
posmatrati	verb	hbs	look	verb	eng
posmatrati	verb	hbs	observe	verb	eng
posmatrati	verb	hbs	watch	verb	eng
postupati	verb	hbs	act	verb	eng
postupati	verb	hbs	handle	verb	eng
posvajati	verb	hbs	adopt	verb	eng
potkopati	verb	hbs	undermine	verb	eng
potkopati	verb	hbs	work against	verb	eng
povraćati	verb	hbs	puke	verb	eng
povraćati	verb	hbs	vomit	verb	eng
pozdravljati	verb	hbs	greet	verb	eng
praštati	verb	hbs	forgive	verb	eng
koštati	verb	hbs	cost	verb	eng
predsjedati	verb	hbs	chair	verb	eng
predsjedati	verb	hbs	lead	verb	eng
predsjedati	verb	hbs	preside	verb	eng
predstavljati	verb	hbs	present	verb	eng
predstavljati	verb	hbs	represent	verb	eng
predviđati	verb	hbs	estimate	verb	eng
pregovarati	verb	hbs	negotiate	verb	eng
prehodati	verb	hbs	walk	verb	eng
odrijemati	verb	hbs	doze	verb	eng
odrijemati	verb	hbs	take a nap	verb	eng
preispitati	verb	hbs	question	verb	eng
preispitati	verb	hbs	reassess	verb	eng
preispitati	verb	hbs	reexamine	verb	eng
prekidati	verb	hbs	stop	verb	eng
premještati	verb	hbs	move	verb	eng
premještati	verb	hbs	relocate	verb	eng
preprodati	verb	hbs	resell	verb	eng
preračunati	verb	hbs	miscalculate	verb	eng
pretpostavljati	verb	hbs	assume	verb	eng
pretpostavljati	verb	hbs	presume	verb	eng
pretpostavljati	verb	hbs	suppose	verb	eng
smješkati	verb	hbs	smile	verb	eng
pričekati	verb	hbs	wait	verb	eng
pričinjati	verb	hbs	appear	verb	eng
pripovijedati	verb	hbs	narrate	verb	eng
spuštati	verb	hbs	drop	verb	eng
spuštati	verb	hbs	lower	verb	eng
prisvajati	verb	hbs	veer	verb	eng
pročitati	verb	hbs	read	verb	eng
probati	verb	hbs	try	verb	eng
probati	verb	hbs	taste	verb	eng
prohodati	verb	hbs	start dating	verb	eng
prohodati	verb	hbs	start walking	verb	eng
prolijevati	verb	hbs	spill	verb	eng
lijevati	verb	hbs	pour	verb	eng
promatrati	verb	hbs	observe	verb	eng
promatrati	verb	hbs	watch	verb	eng
raskidati	verb	hbs	cancel	verb	eng
raskidati	verb	hbs	terminate	verb	eng
raspravljati	verb	hbs	argue	verb	eng
raspravljati	verb	hbs	debate	verb	eng
raspravljati	verb	hbs	discuss	verb	eng
rasprodati	verb	hbs	sell	verb	eng
rasprodati	verb	hbs	sell out	verb	eng
razarati	verb	hbs	devastate	verb	eng
razarati	verb	hbs	ravage	verb	eng
razdvajati	verb	hbs	separate	verb	eng
razdvajati	verb	hbs	split up	verb	eng
razmještati	verb	hbs	move	verb	eng
razmještati	verb	hbs	relocate	verb	eng
sačekati	verb	hbs	wait	verb	eng
samoupravljati	verb	hbs	administer	verb	eng
sanjati	verb	hbs	dream	verb	eng
saosjećati	verb	hbs	sympathize	verb	eng
sastavljati	verb	hbs	assemble	verb	eng
sastavljati	verb	hbs	compose	verb	eng
sastavljati	verb	hbs	join	verb	eng
skidati	verb	hbs	take off	verb	eng
skidati	verb	hbs	disrobe	verb	eng
sklapati	verb	hbs	assemble	verb	eng
sklapati	verb	hbs	conclude	verb	eng
smještati	verb	hbs	position	verb	eng
smještati	verb	hbs	place	verb	eng
snabdijevati	verb	hbs	supply	verb	eng
spajati	verb	hbs	connect	verb	eng
spajati	verb	hbs	merge	verb	eng
spajati	verb	hbs	join	verb	eng
sračunati	verb	hbs	estimate	verb	eng
štrajkati	verb	hbs	strike	verb	eng
sumnjati	verb	hbs	suspect	verb	eng
suosjećati	verb	hbs	sympathize	verb	eng
ubijati	verb	hbs	eradicate	verb	eng
ubijati	verb	hbs	kill	verb	eng
ubijati	verb	hbs	murder	verb	eng
udvajati	verb	hbs	double	verb	eng
ukidati	verb	hbs	cancel	verb	eng
uklapati	verb	hbs	fit	verb	eng
umiješati	verb	hbs	imply	verb	eng
umiješati	verb	hbs	interfere	verb	eng
umiješati	verb	hbs	meddle	verb	eng
umiješati	verb	hbs	mix	verb	eng
unašati	verb	hbs	add	verb	eng
unašati	verb	hbs	enter	verb	eng
upitati	verb	hbs	ask	verb	eng
uračunati	verb	hbs	count	verb	eng
uračunati	verb	hbs	include	verb	eng
uspijevati	verb	hbs	manage	verb	eng
uspijevati	verb	hbs	succeed	verb	eng
uspostavljati	verb	hbs	establish	verb	eng
uspostavljati	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
uspostavljati	verb	hbs	set up	verb	eng
ušutkati	verb	hbs	silence	verb	eng
usvajati	verb	hbs	adopt	verb	eng
uvažati	verb	hbs	accept	verb	eng
uzburkati	verb	hbs	agitate	verb	eng
uzburkati	verb	hbs	stir up	verb	eng
uzimati	verb	hbs	take	verb	eng
uzvraćati	verb	hbs	counter	verb	eng
uzvraćati	verb	hbs	reciprocate	verb	eng
vaspitati	verb	hbs	educate	verb	eng
vrijeđati	verb	hbs	insult	verb	eng
vrijeđati	verb	hbs	mock	verb	eng
vrijeđati	verb	hbs	offend	verb	eng
zabavljati	verb	hbs	entertain	verb	eng
zakupljati	verb	hbs	rent	verb	eng
zaokupljati	verb	hbs	occupy	verb	eng
zamišljati	verb	hbs	imagine	verb	eng
zapitati	verb	hbs	ask	verb	eng
zapričati	verb	hbs	talk	verb	eng
zasjedati	verb	hbs	sit	verb	eng
zasmetati	verb	hbs	bother	verb	eng
zauzimati	verb	hbs	occupy	verb	eng
zauzimati	verb	hbs	take over	verb	eng
abdiciranje	noun	hbs	abdication	noun	eng
abdikacija	noun	hbs	abdication	noun	eng
abolicionizam	noun	hbs	abolitionism	noun	eng
abortus	noun	hbs	abortion	noun	eng
adaptacija	noun	hbs	adaptation	noun	eng
adaptiranje	noun	hbs	adaptation	noun	eng
administracija	noun	hbs	administration	noun	eng
admiral	noun	hbs	admiral	noun	eng
adrenalin	noun	hbs	adrenalin	noun	eng
advokat	noun	hbs	attorney	noun	eng
advokat	noun	hbs	lawyer	noun	eng
aerobik	noun	hbs	aerobics	noun	eng
aerodrom	noun	hbs	airport	noun	eng
agencija	noun	hbs	agency	noun	eng
agenda	noun	hbs	agenda	noun	eng
agenda	noun	hbs	issue	noun	eng
agora	noun	hbs	agora	noun	eng
agrarstvo	noun	hbs	agrarianism	noun	eng
ajkula	noun	hbs	shark	noun	eng
akademija	noun	hbs	academy	noun	eng
akcent	noun	hbs	accent	noun	eng
akcent	noun	hbs	emphasis	noun	eng
akcija	noun	hbs	action	noun	eng
akcija	noun	hbs	share	noun	eng
akcionerstvo	noun	hbs	shareholding	noun	eng
aklimatizacija	noun	hbs	acclimatisation	noun	eng
akreditacija	noun	hbs	accreditation	noun	eng
akropola	noun	hbs	acropolis	noun	eng
akter	noun	hbs	actor	noun	eng
akterstvo	noun	hbs	acting	noun	eng
aktiviranje	noun	hbs	activation	noun	eng
aktivizam	noun	hbs	activism	noun	eng
aktivnost	noun	hbs	action	noun	eng
aktivnost	noun	hbs	activity	noun	eng
aktivnost	noun	hbs	exercise	noun	eng
akumulacija	noun	hbs	accumulation	noun	eng
ala	noun	hbs	dragon	noun	eng
albanac	noun	hbs	Albanian	noun	eng
albumin	noun	hbs	albumin	noun	eng
aldehid	noun	hbs	aldehyde	noun	eng
alegorija	noun	hbs	allegory	noun	eng
alergija	noun	hbs	allergy	noun	eng
alijanca	noun	hbs	alliance	noun	eng
alkoholičar	noun	hbs	alcoholic	noun	eng
alkoholičarstvo	noun	hbs	alcoholism	noun	eng
alkoholizam	noun	hbs	alcoholism	noun	eng
alkohol	noun	hbs	alcohol	noun	eng
alternativa	noun	hbs	alternative	noun	eng
alveola	noun	hbs	alveolus	noun	eng
amandman	noun	hbs	amendment	noun	eng
amaterizam	noun	hbs	amateurism	noun	eng
ambasada	noun	hbs	embassy	noun	eng
ambasadorica	noun	hbs	ambassador	noun	eng
ambasadorka	noun	hbs	ambassador	noun	eng
ambasador	noun	hbs	ambassador	noun	eng
ambicija	noun	hbs	ambition	noun	eng
ambrozija	noun	hbs	ambrosia	noun	eng
amnestija	noun	hbs	amnesty	noun	eng
amortizacija	noun	hbs	depreciation	noun	eng
amortizacija	noun	hbs	amortization	noun	eng
ampermetar	noun	hbs	ammeter	noun	eng
analitičar	noun	hbs	analyst	noun	eng
analiza	noun	hbs	analysis	noun	eng
analiza	noun	hbs	screening	noun	eng
anarhija	noun	hbs	anarchy	noun	eng
anarhizam	noun	hbs	anarchism	noun	eng
anatema	noun	hbs	anathema	noun	eng
anatomija	noun	hbs	anatomy	noun	eng
anemija	noun	hbs	anemia	noun	eng
anestezija	noun	hbs	anesthesia	noun	eng
angažiranje	noun	hbs	engagement	noun	eng
angažiranje	noun	hbs	protest	noun	eng
angažiranost	noun	hbs	commitment	noun	eng
angažman	noun	hbs	engagement	noun	eng
animacija	noun	hbs	animation	noun	eng
anketa	noun	hbs	poll	noun	eng
anonimnost	noun	hbs	anonymity	noun	eng
antagonist	noun	hbs	antagonist	noun	eng
antibiotik	noun	hbs	antibiotic	noun	eng
antikorupcija	noun	hbs	anti-corruption	noun	eng
antiteza	noun	hbs	antithesis	noun	eng
aorta	noun	hbs	aorta	noun	eng
aplikacija	noun	hbs	application	noun	eng
apostolstvo	noun	hbs	apostlehood	noun	eng
apotekarstvo	noun	hbs	pharmacy	noun	eng
april	noun	hbs	April	noun	eng
apšenje	noun	hbs	arrest	noun	eng
apšenje	noun	hbs	capture	noun	eng
apsolutizam	noun	hbs	absolutism	noun	eng
apsorpcija	noun	hbs	absorption	noun	eng
apstinencija	noun	hbs	abstention	noun	eng
apstinencija	noun	hbs	abstinence	noun	eng
apstrakcija	noun	hbs	abstraction	noun	eng
aranžman	noun	hbs	agreement	noun	eng
aranžman	noun	hbs	arrangement	noun	eng
arbitraža	noun	hbs	arbitrage	noun	eng
arhaizam	noun	hbs	archaism	noun	eng
arhiepiskopstvo	noun	hbs	archbishopship	noun	eng
arhitektura	noun	hbs	architecture	noun	eng
arhivarstvo	noun	hbs	archive	noun	eng
arhiv	noun	hbs	archive	noun	eng
aristokracija	noun	hbs	aristocracy	noun	eng
aristokratija	noun	hbs	aristocracy	noun	eng
aristokrat	noun	hbs	aristocrat	noun	eng
armenac	noun	hbs	Armenian	noun	eng
armija	noun	hbs	army	noun	eng
asimilacija	noun	hbs	assimilation	noun	eng
asistencija	noun	hbs	assistance	noun	eng
asocijacija	noun	hbs	association	noun	eng
aspekt	noun	hbs	aspect	noun	eng
aspiracija	noun	hbs	aspiration	noun	eng
as	noun	hbs	ace	noun	eng
astma	noun	hbs	asthma	noun	eng
ateizam	noun	hbs	atheism	noun	eng
atentat	noun	hbs	assassination	noun	eng
atentat	noun	hbs	attack	noun	eng
atentat	noun	hbs	plot	noun	eng
atmosfera	noun	hbs	atmosphere	noun	eng
atmosfera	noun	hbs	climate	noun	eng
atmosfera	noun	hbs	environment	noun	eng
atol	noun	hbs	atoll	noun	eng
atom	noun	hbs	atom	noun	eng
atrakcija	noun	hbs	attraction	noun	eng
audijencija	noun	hbs	audience	noun	eng
aukcija	noun	hbs	auction	noun	eng
autentičnost	noun	hbs	authenticity	noun	eng
autobus	noun	hbs	bus	noun	eng
autocefalnost	noun	hbs	independence	noun	eng
autokefalnost	noun	hbs	independence	noun	eng
autokracija	noun	hbs	autocracy	noun	eng
autokratija	noun	hbs	autocracy	noun	eng
autokrat	noun	hbs	autocrat	noun	eng
automobil	noun	hbs	automobile	noun	eng
automobil	noun	hbs	auto	noun	eng
automobil	noun	hbs	car	noun	eng
automobil	noun	hbs	vehicle	noun	eng
autonomija	noun	hbs	autonomy	noun	eng
autonomnost	noun	hbs	autonomy	noun	eng
autoput	noun	hbs	highway	noun	eng
autor	noun	hbs	author	noun	eng
autorstvo	noun	hbs	authorship	noun	eng
august	noun	hbs	August	noun	eng
avgust	noun	hbs	August	noun	eng
avijacija	noun	hbs	aviation	noun	eng
avion	noun	hbs	aeroplane	noun	eng
avion	noun	hbs	aircraft	noun	eng
avion	noun	hbs	jet	noun	eng
avioprevoznik	noun	hbs	airline	noun	eng
azbuka	noun	hbs	alphabet	noun	eng
azil	noun	hbs	asylum	noun	eng
bacanje	noun	hbs	throw	noun	eng
badem	noun	hbs	almond	noun	eng
bakterija	noun	hbs	bacterium	noun	eng
Balkan	noun	hbs	Balkans	noun	eng
bal	noun	hbs	ball	noun	eng
balon	noun	hbs	balloon	noun	eng
balun	noun	hbs	balloon	noun	eng
banda	noun	hbs	band	noun	eng
banda	noun	hbs	group	noun	eng
bankarstvo	noun	hbs	banking	noun	eng
banka	noun	hbs	bank	noun	eng
bašibozuk	noun	hbs	bashi-bazouk	noun	eng
basna	noun	hbs	fable	noun	eng
bas	noun	hbs	bass	noun	eng
bataljon	noun	hbs	batallion	noun	eng
bataljun	noun	hbs	batallion	noun	eng
baza	noun	hbs	base	noun	eng
baza	noun	hbs	basis	noun	eng
beatifikacija	noun	hbs	beatification	noun	eng
bedro	noun	hbs	thigh	noun	eng
beneficija	noun	hbs	benefit	noun	eng
beneficija	noun	hbs	beneficiary	noun	eng
beskonačnost	noun	hbs	infinity	noun	eng
beskrajnost	noun	hbs	infinity	noun	eng
besmrtnost	noun	hbs	immortality	noun	eng
beznadežnost	noun	hbs	hopelessness	noun	eng
beznađe	noun	hbs	hopelessness	noun	eng
bezumlje	noun	hbs	foolishness	noun	eng
biblija	noun	hbs	bible	noun	eng
biblioteka	noun	hbs	library	noun	eng
bibliotekarstvo	noun	hbs	librarianship	noun	eng
biće	noun	hbs	being	noun	eng
biće	noun	hbs	organism	noun	eng
bijeg	noun	hbs	escape	noun	eng
bijeg	noun	hbs	run	noun	eng
biljka	noun	hbs	herb	noun	eng
biljka	noun	hbs	plant	noun	eng
biohemija	noun	hbs	biochemistry	noun	eng
biokemija	noun	hbs	biochemistry	noun	eng
biologija	noun	hbs	biology	noun	eng
biolog	noun	hbs	biologist	noun	eng
bionika	noun	hbs	bionics	noun	eng
biranje	noun	hbs	selection	noun	eng
biro	noun	hbs	bureau	noun	eng
biser	noun	hbs	pearl	noun	eng
bis	noun	hbs	encore	noun	eng
biznismen	noun	hbs	businessman	noun	eng
biznis	noun	hbs	business	noun	eng
bjegunac	noun	hbs	escapee	noun	eng
bjegunac	noun	hbs	fugitive	noun	eng
bjegunac	noun	hbs	refugee	noun	eng
blagostanje	noun	hbs	welfare	noun	eng
blaženstvo	noun	hbs	eudaimonia	noun	eng
blaženstvo	noun	hbs	happiness	noun	eng
blizina	noun	hbs	area	noun	eng
blizina	noun	hbs	neighbourhood	noun	eng
blizina	noun	hbs	proximity	noun	eng
blizina	noun	hbs	vicinity	noun	eng
blokiranje	noun	hbs	blocking	noun	eng
blok	noun	hbs	block	noun	eng
bludnost	noun	hbs	fornication	noun	eng
bogatstvo	noun	hbs	treasure	noun	eng
bogatstvo	noun	hbs	wealth	noun	eng
bogohulnost	noun	hbs	blasphemy	noun	eng
bog	noun	hbs	god	noun	eng
bogumilstvo	noun	hbs	bogomilism	noun	eng
bojkot	noun	hbs	boycott	noun	eng
bolest	noun	hbs	disease	noun	eng
bolest	noun	hbs	illness	noun	eng
bolnica	noun	hbs	hospital	noun	eng
bolovanje	noun	hbs	ailment	noun	eng
bolovanje	noun	hbs	illness	noun	eng
bombardiranje	noun	hbs	bombardment	noun	eng
bombardiranje	noun	hbs	siege	noun	eng
bomba	noun	hbs	bomb	noun	eng
borac	noun	hbs	combatant	noun	eng
borac	noun	hbs	fighter	noun	eng
borac	noun	hbs	soldier	noun	eng
boravak	noun	hbs	residence	noun	eng
boravak	noun	hbs	stay	noun	eng
borba	noun	hbs	battle	noun	eng
borba	noun	hbs	campaign	noun	eng
borba	noun	hbs	fight	noun	eng
borba	noun	hbs	struggle	noun	eng
bosiljak	noun	hbs	basil	noun	eng
botaničar	noun	hbs	botanist	noun	eng
botanika	noun	hbs	botany	noun	eng
božanstvo	noun	hbs	deity	noun	eng
božanstvo	noun	hbs	god	noun	eng
Božić	noun	hbs	Christmas	noun	eng
brak	noun	hbs	marriage	noun	eng
bratoubistvo	noun	hbs	fraticide	noun	eng
brat	noun	hbs	brother	noun	eng
bratstvo	noun	hbs	brotherhood	noun	eng
bratstvo	noun	hbs	friendship	noun	eng
brazda	noun	hbs	furrow	noun	eng
brigada	noun	hbs	brigade	noun	eng
briga	noun	hbs	care	noun	eng
briga	noun	hbs	concern	noun	eng
briga	noun	hbs	worry	noun	eng
brijeg	noun	hbs	hill	noun	eng
brod	noun	hbs	boat	noun	eng
brod	noun	hbs	ferry	noun	eng
brod	noun	hbs	ship	noun	eng
brod	noun	hbs	vessel	noun	eng
brojanje	noun	hbs	counting	noun	eng
brojenje	noun	hbs	counting	noun	eng
brojka	noun	hbs	figure	noun	eng
brojka	noun	hbs	number	noun	eng
broj	noun	hbs	amount	noun	eng
broj	noun	hbs	number	noun	eng
broj	noun	hbs	numeral	noun	eng
broj	noun	hbs	size	noun	eng
brutalnost	noun	hbs	brutality	noun	eng
brzina	noun	hbs	speed	noun	eng
bubanj	noun	hbs	drum	noun	eng
bubreg	noun	hbs	kidney	noun	eng
budnost	noun	hbs	wakefulness	noun	eng
budućnost	noun	hbs	future	noun	eng
budžet	noun	hbs	budget	noun	eng
bugarin	noun	hbs	Bulgarian	noun	eng
buka	noun	hbs	noise	noun	eng
bukva	noun	hbs	beech	noun	eng
buntovnik	noun	hbs	rebel	noun	eng
burag	noun	hbs	rumen	noun	eng
burza	noun	hbs	market	noun	eng
burza	noun	hbs	stock exchange	noun	eng
but	noun	hbs	thigh	noun	eng
carina	noun	hbs	customs	noun	eng
čarolija	noun	hbs	magic	noun	eng
čarolija	noun	hbs	spell	noun	eng
car	noun	hbs	tsar	noun	eng
carstvo	noun	hbs	empire	noun	eng
čaša	noun	hbs	bowl	noun	eng
čaša	noun	hbs	chalice	noun	eng
čaša	noun	hbs	cup	noun	eng
čaša	noun	hbs	glass	noun	eng
časnik	noun	hbs	officer	noun	eng
časovnik	noun	hbs	clock	noun	eng
čas	noun	hbs	class	noun	eng
čas	noun	hbs	hour	noun	eng
čas	noun	hbs	instant	noun	eng
čas	noun	hbs	lesson	noun	eng
čas	noun	hbs	moment	noun	eng
čas	noun	hbs	period	noun	eng
čast	noun	hbs	honour	noun	eng
čedomorstvo	noun	hbs	infanticide	noun	eng
čekanje	noun	hbs	wait	noun	eng
čelik	noun	hbs	steel	noun	eng
čelo	noun	hbs	head	noun	eng
čelo	noun	hbs	cello	noun	eng
cena	noun	hbs	price	noun	eng
centar	noun	hbs	centre	noun	eng
centrala	noun	hbs	headquarters	noun	eng
centrala	noun	hbs	plant	noun	eng
centrala	noun	hbs	station	noun	eng
centralizacija	noun	hbs	centralisation	noun	eng
cenzura	noun	hbs	censorship	noun	eng
ceremonija	noun	hbs	ceremony	noun	eng
certifikacija	noun	hbs	certification	noun	eng
certifikat	noun	hbs	certificate	noun	eng
certificiranje	noun	hbs	certification	noun	eng
certifikovanje	noun	hbs	certification	noun	eng
četvorica	noun	hbs	four men	noun	eng
četvrtak	noun	hbs	Thursday	noun	eng
čiča	noun	hbs	uncle	noun	eng
cigar	noun	hbs	cigarette	noun	eng
cigara	noun	hbs	cigarette	noun	eng
cigara	noun	hbs	cigar	noun	eng
cigareta	noun	hbs	cigarette	noun	eng
ćilimarstvo	noun	hbs	rug making	noun	eng
cilj	noun	hbs	aim	noun	eng
cilj	noun	hbs	cause	noun	eng
cilj	noun	hbs	charity	noun	eng
cilj	noun	hbs	end	noun	eng
cilj	noun	hbs	goal	noun	eng
cilj	noun	hbs	objective	noun	eng
cilj	noun	hbs	purpose	noun	eng
cilj	noun	hbs	target	noun	eng
činjenica	noun	hbs	fact	noun	eng
čin	noun	hbs	action	noun	eng
čin	noun	hbs	act	noun	eng
čin	noun	hbs	move	noun	eng
čin	noun	hbs	rank	noun	eng
čin	noun	hbs	step	noun	eng
čišćenje	noun	hbs	cleaning	noun	eng
čišćenje	noun	hbs	cleansing	noun	eng
civilizacija	noun	hbs	civilisation	noun	eng
civil	noun	hbs	civilian	noun	eng
cjelina	noun	hbs	whole	noun	eng
cjelost	noun	hbs	number	noun	eng
članak	noun	hbs	article	noun	eng
članica	noun	hbs	member	noun	eng
član	noun	hbs	article	noun	eng
član	noun	hbs	limb	noun	eng
član	noun	hbs	member	noun	eng
članstvo	noun	hbs	membership	noun	eng
čovječanstvo	noun	hbs	humanity	noun	eng
čovječanstvo	noun	hbs	humankind	noun	eng
čovječanstvo	noun	hbs	mankind	noun	eng
čovječnost	noun	hbs	humanity	noun	eng
čovjek	noun	hbs	human	noun	eng
čovjek	noun	hbs	man	noun	eng
čovjek	noun	hbs	person	noun	eng
čovjek	noun	hbs	person	noun	eng
crkva	noun	hbs	church	noun	eng
crv	noun	hbs	worm	noun	eng
čudo	noun	hbs	miracle	noun	eng
čudotvorstvo	noun	hbs	miracle	noun	eng
čuvstvo	noun	hbs	feeling	noun	eng
čuvstvo	noun	hbs	sense	noun	eng
cvijet	noun	hbs	flower	noun	eng
cvjećarstvo	noun	hbs	floriculture	noun	eng
đakonstvo	noun	hbs	deaconry	noun	eng
đakonstvo	noun	hbs	deaconship	noun	eng
danak	noun	hbs	duty	noun	eng
danak	noun	hbs	tax	noun	eng
danak	noun	hbs	toll	noun	eng
dan	noun	hbs	day	noun	eng
datum	noun	hbs	date	noun	eng
davačka	noun	hbs	customs	noun	eng
davačka	noun	hbs	debt	noun	eng
davačka	noun	hbs	duty	noun	eng
davačka	noun	hbs	fee	noun	eng
davanje	noun	hbs	resistance	noun	eng
deaktivacija	noun	hbs	deactivation	noun	eng
deaktivacija	noun	hbs	disposal	noun	eng
deaktiviranje	noun	hbs	deactivation	noun	eng
deaktiviranje	noun	hbs	disposal	noun	eng
deaktivisanje	noun	hbs	deactivation	noun	eng
deaktivisanje	noun	hbs	disposal	noun	eng
debata	noun	hbs	controversy	noun	eng
debata	noun	hbs	debate	noun	eng
deblokiranje	noun	hbs	assessment	noun	eng
decembar	noun	hbs	December	noun	eng
decenija	noun	hbs	decade	noun	eng
decentralizacija	noun	hbs	decentralisation	noun	eng
deficit	noun	hbs	deficit	noun	eng
definicija	noun	hbs	definition	noun	eng
definiranje	noun	hbs	define	verb	eng
definisanje	noun	hbs	define	verb	eng
deflacija	noun	hbs	deflation	noun	eng
degradacija	noun	hbs	degradation	noun	eng
dejstvo	noun	hbs	action	noun	eng
dejstvo	noun	hbs	act	noun	eng
deklaracija	noun	hbs	declaration	noun	eng
deklariranje	noun	hbs	declaration	noun	eng
deklarisanje	noun	hbs	declaration	noun	eng
dekontaminacija	noun	hbs	decontamination	noun	eng
dekoracija	noun	hbs	decoration	noun	eng
dekret	noun	hbs	decree	noun	eng
delegacija	noun	hbs	delegation	noun	eng
delegat	noun	hbs	delegate	noun	eng
delegat	noun	hbs	deputy	noun	eng
demarkacija	noun	hbs	demarcation	noun	eng
demilitarizacija	noun	hbs	demilitarisation	noun	eng
demistifikacija	noun	hbs	demystification	noun	eng
demobilizacija	noun	hbs	demobilisation	noun	eng
demokracija	noun	hbs	democracy	noun	eng
demokratija	noun	hbs	democracy	noun	eng
demokratizacija	noun	hbs	democratisation	noun	eng
demokrat	noun	hbs	democrat	noun	eng
demonstracija	noun	hbs	demonstration	noun	eng
demonstrant	noun	hbs	demonstrator	noun	eng
demonstrator	noun	hbs	demonstrator	noun	eng
demoralizacija	noun	hbs	demoralisation	noun	eng
denacionalizacija	noun	hbs	denationalisation	noun	eng
denar	noun	hbs	denar	noun	eng
denominacija	noun	hbs	denomination	noun	eng
department	noun	hbs	department	noun	eng
depolitizacija	noun	hbs	depoliticisation	noun	eng
deportacija	noun	hbs	deportation	noun	eng
deportiranje	noun	hbs	deportation	noun	eng
deregistracija	noun	hbs	deregistration	noun	eng
desetgodišnjica	noun	hbs	tenth anniversary	noun	eng
desetica	noun	hbs	dozen	noun	eng
despotstvo	noun	hbs	despotism	noun	eng
destabilizacija	noun	hbs	destabilisation	noun	eng
destinacija	noun	hbs	destination	noun	eng
detalj	noun	hbs	detail	noun	eng
detonacija	noun	hbs	detonation	noun	eng
detoniranje	noun	hbs	detonation	noun	eng
detonisanje	noun	hbs	detonation	noun	eng
devaluacija	noun	hbs	devaluation	noun	eng
devalvacija	noun	hbs	devaluation	noun	eng
dezerterstvo	noun	hbs	desertion	noun	eng
dezertiranje	noun	hbs	desertion	noun	eng
dezertovanje	noun	hbs	desertion	noun	eng
dezinfekcija	noun	hbs	disinfection	noun	eng
dezintegracija	noun	hbs	disintegration	noun	eng
dežurstvo	noun	hbs	duty	noun	eng
digitalizacija	noun	hbs	digitalisation	noun	eng
dijalog	noun	hbs	dialogue	noun	eng
dijeljenje	noun	hbs	division	noun	eng
dijeljenje	noun	hbs	partition	noun	eng
diktatorstvo	noun	hbs	dictatorship	noun	eng
dim	noun	hbs	smoke	noun	eng
dinastija	noun	hbs	dynasty	noun	eng
dio	noun	hbs	area	noun	eng
dio	noun	hbs	crime	noun	eng
dio	noun	hbs	fraction	noun	eng
dio	noun	hbs	fragment	noun	eng
dio	noun	hbs	part	noun	eng
dio	noun	hbs	piece	noun	eng
dio	noun	hbs	portion	noun	eng
dio	noun	hbs	section	noun	eng
dio	noun	hbs	segment	noun	eng
dio	noun	hbs	share	noun	eng
diplomat	noun	hbs	diplomat	noun	eng
direkcija	noun	hbs	directive	noun	eng
direkcija	noun	hbs	office	noun	eng
direktnost	noun	hbs	directness	noun	eng
direktorat	noun	hbs	directorate	noun	eng
direktor	noun	hbs	director	noun	eng
direktorstvo	noun	hbs	directorship	noun	eng
dirigent	noun	hbs	conductor	noun	eng
dirigentstvo	noun	hbs	baton	noun	eng
disanje	noun	hbs	breathing	noun	eng
disertacija	noun	hbs	dissertation	noun	eng
disidentstvo	noun	hbs	dissent	noun	eng
disidentstvo	noun	hbs	dissidence	noun	eng
diskreditiranje	noun	hbs	discrediting	noun	eng
diskreditacija	noun	hbs	discrediting	noun	eng
diskretizacija	noun	hbs	discrediting	noun	eng
diskriminacija	noun	hbs	discrimination	noun	eng
diskusija	noun	hbs	discussion	noun	eng
distanciranje	noun	hbs	distancing	noun	eng
distribucija	noun	hbs	distribution	noun	eng
diversifikacija	noun	hbs	diversification	noun	eng
diverzifikacija	noun	hbs	diversification	noun	eng
dizanje	noun	hbs	rise	noun	eng
dizanje	noun	hbs	rise	verb	eng
dječak	noun	hbs	boy	noun	eng
djelatnost	noun	hbs	business	noun	eng
djelatnost	noun	hbs	industry	noun	eng
djelo	noun	hbs	achievement	noun	eng
djelo	noun	hbs	act	noun	eng
djelo	noun	hbs	deed	noun	eng
djelo	noun	hbs	work	noun	eng
djelovanje	noun	hbs	action	noun	eng
djetinjstvo	noun	hbs	childhood	noun	eng
djevojaštvo	noun	hbs	girlhood	noun	eng
djevojka	noun	hbs	girl	noun	eng
dnevnik	noun	hbs	diary	noun	eng
dobivanje	noun	hbs	get	verb	eng
dobro	noun	hbs	good	noun	eng
dobro	noun	hbs	commerce	noun	eng
dobrosusjedstvo	noun	hbs	neighbourly relations	noun	eng
dodjeljivanje	noun	hbs	allocation	noun	eng
dogovor	noun	hbs	accord	noun	eng
dogovor	noun	hbs	agreement	noun	eng
dogovor	noun	hbs	arrangement	noun	eng
dogovor	noun	hbs	contract	noun	eng
dogovor	noun	hbs	deal	noun	eng
dogovor	noun	hbs	pact	noun	eng
dogovor	noun	hbs	settlement	noun	eng
dogovor	noun	hbs	treaty	noun	eng
dojka	noun	hbs	bosom	noun	eng
dojka	noun	hbs	breast	noun	eng
dokaz	noun	hbs	evidence	noun	eng
dokaz	noun	hbs	proof	noun	eng
dokumentacija	noun	hbs	documentation	noun	eng
dokumentiranje	noun	hbs	documentation	noun	eng
dokument	noun	hbs	document	noun	eng
dolar	noun	hbs	dollar	noun	eng
dolazak	noun	hbs	arrival	noun	eng
dolaženje	noun	hbs	arrival	noun	eng
dolaženje	noun	hbs	arriving	noun	eng
domaćin	noun	hbs	host	noun	eng
domaćinstvo	noun	hbs	household	noun	eng
dominacija	noun	hbs	domination	noun	eng
dominantnost	noun	hbs	dominance	noun	eng
dom	noun	hbs	home	noun	eng
dom	noun	hbs	house	noun	eng
donacija	noun	hbs	donation	noun	eng
donator	noun	hbs	donor	noun	eng
donkihotstvo	noun	hbs	quixotism	noun	eng
donkihotstvo	noun	hbs	quixotry	noun	eng
donošenje	noun	hbs	decision-making	noun	eng
don	noun	hbs	don	noun	eng
doprinos	noun	hbs	contribution	noun	eng
doručak	noun	hbs	breakfast	noun	eng
dosje	noun	hbs	file	noun	eng
dostojanstvo	noun	hbs	dignity	noun	eng
dostupnost	noun	hbs	accessibility	noun	eng
dostupnost	noun	hbs	approachability	noun	eng
dostupnost	noun	hbs	availability	noun	eng
doživljaj	noun	hbs	event	noun	eng
doživljaj	noun	hbs	experience	noun	eng
dozvola	noun	hbs	licence	noun	eng
dozvola	noun	hbs	license	noun	eng
dozvola	noun	hbs	permission	noun	eng
dozvola	noun	hbs	permit	noun	eng
dramatizacija	noun	hbs	dramatisation	noun	eng
drevnost	noun	hbs	antiquity	noun	eng
droga	noun	hbs	drug	noun	eng
drugarstvo	noun	hbs	camaraderie	noun	eng
drug	noun	hbs	friend	noun	eng
društvo	noun	hbs	society	noun	eng
drvodjeljstvo	noun	hbs	timber	noun	eng
drvo	noun	hbs	wood	noun	eng
drvo	noun	hbs	tree	noun	eng
država	noun	hbs	country	noun	eng
država	noun	hbs	nation	noun	eng
država	noun	hbs	state	noun	eng
državljan	noun	hbs	citizen	noun	eng
državljanin	noun	hbs	citizen	noun	eng
državljanstvo	noun	hbs	citizenship	noun	eng
državnost	noun	hbs	statehood	noun	eng
državotvornost	noun	hbs	statehood	noun	eng
dug	noun	hbs	debt	noun	eng
dug	noun	hbs	duty	noun	eng
dug	noun	hbs	obligation	noun	eng
duh	noun	hbs	ghost	noun	eng
duh	noun	hbs	spirit	noun	eng
dužina	noun	hbs	length	noun	eng
dužina	noun	hbs	longitude	noun	eng
dužnost	noun	hbs	duty	noun	eng
dvojezičnost	noun	hbs	bilingualism	noun	eng
dvosmislenost	noun	hbs	ambiguity	noun	eng
ebanovina	noun	hbs	ebony	noun	eng
efektivnost	noun	hbs	effectiveness	noun	eng
efekt	noun	hbs	effect	noun	eng
efikasnost	noun	hbs	effectiveness	noun	eng
efikasnost	noun	hbs	efficiency	noun	eng
egzekucija	noun	hbs	execution	noun	eng
egzistencija	noun	hbs	existence	noun	eng
ekonomičnost	noun	hbs	economy	noun	eng
ekonomija	noun	hbs	economics	noun	eng
ekonomija	noun	hbs	economy	noun	eng
ekshumacija	noun	hbs	exhumation	noun	eng
ekspedicija	noun	hbs	expedition	noun	eng
eksploatacija	noun	hbs	exploitation	noun	eng
eksplozija	noun	hbs	blast	noun	eng
eksplozija	noun	hbs	explosion	noun	eng
eksploziv	noun	hbs	explosive	noun	eng
ekstradicija	noun	hbs	extradition	noun	eng
ekstradikcija	noun	hbs	extradition	noun	eng
ekstradiranje	noun	hbs	arrest	noun	eng
ekstradiranje	noun	hbs	extradition	noun	eng
ekstrakcija	noun	hbs	extraction	noun	eng
ekstravagancija	noun	hbs	extravagance	noun	eng
ekstravagantnost	noun	hbs	extravaganza	noun	eng
ekstremist	noun	hbs	extremist	noun	eng
elektrifikacija	noun	hbs	electrification	noun	eng
elektrodistribucija	noun	hbs	electricity distribution	noun	eng
elektroinženjerstvo	noun	hbs	electrical engineering	noun	eng
element	noun	hbs	component	noun	eng
element	noun	hbs	element	noun	eng
eliminacija	noun	hbs	elimination	noun	eng
emancipacija	noun	hbs	emancipation	noun	eng
emigracija	noun	hbs	emigration	noun	eng
emitiranje	noun	hbs	broadcast	noun	eng
emitiranje	noun	hbs	emission	noun	eng
emitovanje	noun	hbs	broadcast	noun	eng
emitovanje	noun	hbs	emission	noun	eng
enciklopedija	noun	hbs	encyclopaedia	noun	eng
energičnost	noun	hbs	vigour	noun	eng
energija	noun	hbs	energy	noun	eng
energija	noun	hbs	power	noun	eng
entitet	noun	hbs	entity	noun	eng
epikurejstvo	noun	hbs	Epicureanism	noun	eng
episkopstvo	noun	hbs	episcopacy	noun	eng
epoha	noun	hbs	epoch	noun	eng
eskalacija	noun	hbs	escalation	noun	eng
etiketiranje	noun	hbs	labelling	noun	eng
eurointegracija	noun	hbs	European integration	noun	eng
evakuacija	noun	hbs	evacuation	noun	eng
evaluacija	noun	hbs	evaluation	noun	eng
evolucija	noun	hbs	evolution	noun	eng
europeizacija	noun	hbs	European integration	noun	eng
evropeizacija	noun	hbs	European integration	noun	eng
euro	noun	hbs	euro	noun	eng
evro	noun	hbs	euro	noun	eng
fabrika	noun	hbs	factory	noun	eng
fabrika	noun	hbs	plant	noun	eng
faktor	noun	hbs	factor	noun	eng
fakultet	noun	hbs	faculty	noun	eng
falsificiranje	noun	hbs	falsification	noun	eng
falsificiranje	noun	hbs	fraud	noun	eng
falsifikovanje	noun	hbs	falsification	noun	eng
falsifikovanje	noun	hbs	fraud	noun	eng
fantazerstvo	noun	hbs	fantasy	noun	eng
farmacija	noun	hbs	pharmacy	noun	eng
farmerstvo	noun	hbs	farming	noun	eng
favoriziranje	noun	hbs	favouring	noun	eng
faza	noun	hbs	phase	noun	eng
februar	noun	hbs	February	noun	eng
federacija	noun	hbs	federation	noun	eng
federalizacija	noun	hbs	federalisation	noun	eng
festival	noun	hbs	festival	noun	eng
figura	noun	hbs	figure	noun	eng
fikcija	noun	hbs	fiction	noun	eng
film	noun	hbs	film	noun	eng
finale	noun	hbs	final	noun	eng
finalizacija	noun	hbs	finalisation	noun	eng
finaliziranje	noun	hbs	finalisation	noun	eng
financiranje	noun	hbs	funding	noun	eng
finansiranje	noun	hbs	funding	noun	eng
firma	noun	hbs	company	noun	eng
firma	noun	hbs	firm	noun	eng
fleksibilnost	noun	hbs	flexibility	noun	eng
fokusiranje	noun	hbs	focus	noun	eng
fokusiranost	noun	hbs	focus	noun	eng
fokus	noun	hbs	focus	noun	eng
fondacija	noun	hbs	foundation	noun	eng
fond	noun	hbs	fund	noun	eng
formacija	noun	hbs	formation	noun	eng
formalnost	noun	hbs	formality	noun	eng
forma	noun	hbs	form	noun	eng
forma	noun	hbs	shape	noun	eng
formiranje	noun	hbs	creation	noun	eng
formiranje	noun	hbs	establishment	noun	eng
formiranje	noun	hbs	formation	noun	eng
formiranje	noun	hbs	forming	noun	eng
formuliranje	noun	hbs	formulation	noun	eng
formulisanje	noun	hbs	formulation	noun	eng
forum	noun	hbs	forum	noun	eng
fotografija	noun	hbs	photograph	noun	eng
fotografija	noun	hbs	photography	noun	eng
frakcija	noun	hbs	faction	noun	eng
frakcionerstvo	noun	hbs	community group	noun	eng
frekvencija	noun	hbs	frequency	noun	eng
fudbal	noun	hbs	football	noun	eng
funkcija	noun	hbs	function	noun	eng
funkcionalnost	noun	hbs	functionality	noun	eng
funkcioner	noun	hbs	civil servant	noun	eng
funkcioner	noun	hbs	officer	noun	eng
funkcioner	noun	hbs	official	noun	eng
funkcioniranje	noun	hbs	functioning	noun	eng
funkcioniranje	noun	hbs	function	noun	eng
funkcionisanje	noun	hbs	functioning	noun	eng
funkcionisanje	noun	hbs	function	noun	eng
gaf	noun	hbs	gaffe	noun	eng
galerija	noun	hbs	gallery	noun	eng
garancija	noun	hbs	bail	noun	eng
garancija	noun	hbs	guarantee	noun	eng
garda	noun	hbs	guard	noun	eng
gasifikacija	noun	hbs	gasification	noun	eng
gasovod	noun	hbs	gas pipeline	noun	eng
gas	noun	hbs	gas	noun	eng
gas	noun	hbs	greenhouse gas effect	noun	eng
generacija	noun	hbs	generation	noun	eng
general	noun	hbs	general	noun	eng
generalštab	noun	hbs	general staff	noun	eng
generiranje	noun	hbs	generation	noun	eng
genijalnost	noun	hbs	genius	noun	eng
genijalnost	noun	hbs	greatness	noun	eng
genocid	noun	hbs	genocide	noun	eng
gen	noun	hbs	gene	noun	eng
gigant	noun	hbs	giant	noun	eng
glad	noun	hbs	hunger	noun	eng
glasač	noun	hbs	voter	noun	eng
glasanje	noun	hbs	poll	noun	eng
glasanje	noun	hbs	vote	noun	eng
glasina	noun	hbs	rumour	noun	eng
glas	noun	hbs	voice	noun	eng
glas	noun	hbs	vote	noun	eng
glava	noun	hbs	head	noun	eng
glava	noun	hbs	head	noun	eng
gledanje	noun	hbs	look	verb	eng
gledanje	noun	hbs	watch	verb	eng
gledanje	noun	hbs	experience	noun	eng
gledanost	noun	hbs	rating	noun	eng
globalizacija	noun	hbs	globalisation	noun	eng
glupost	noun	hbs	nonsense	noun	eng
glupost	noun	hbs	stupidity	noun	eng
godina	noun	hbs	year	noun	eng
godišnjica	noun	hbs	anniversary	noun	eng
gonjenje	noun	hbs	prosecution	noun	eng
gordost	noun	hbs	pride	noun	eng
gorenje	noun	hbs	burning	noun	eng
gorivo	noun	hbs	fuel	noun	eng
gospodarstvo	noun	hbs	economy	noun	eng
gospod	noun	hbs	god	noun	eng
gospod	noun	hbs	head	noun	eng
gospod	noun	hbs	lord	noun	eng
gospodstvo	noun	hbs	gentlemanliness	noun	eng
gospodstvo	noun	hbs	rule	noun	eng
gostoprimstvo	noun	hbs	hospitality	noun	eng
gost	noun	hbs	guest	noun	eng
gotovan	noun	hbs	parasite	noun	eng
gotovanstvo	noun	hbs	parasitism	noun	eng
govedarstvo	noun	hbs	pasturage	noun	eng
govor	noun	hbs	speech	noun	eng
govor	noun	hbs	accent	noun	eng
izgovor	noun	hbs	pronunciation	noun	eng
građanin	noun	hbs	citizen	noun	eng
građanstvo	noun	hbs	citizenship	noun	eng
građenje	noun	hbs	building	noun	eng
građenje	noun	hbs	build	noun	eng
građenje	noun	hbs	construction	noun	eng
gradonačelnik	noun	hbs	governor	noun	eng
gradonačelnik	noun	hbs	mayor	noun	eng
grad	noun	hbs	city	noun	eng
grad	noun	hbs	town	noun	eng
gradić	noun	hbs	town	noun	eng
granata	noun	hbs	hand grenade	noun	eng
granata	noun	hbs	mortar	noun	eng
granata	noun	hbs	shell	noun	eng
granica	noun	hbs	border	noun	eng
granica	noun	hbs	boundary	noun	eng
granica	noun	hbs	ceiling	noun	eng
granica	noun	hbs	frontier	noun	eng
granica	noun	hbs	limit	noun	eng
grb	noun	hbs	coat of arms	noun	eng
grba	noun	hbs	hunchback	noun	eng
grba	noun	hbs	hump	noun	eng
grba	noun	hbs	humpback	noun	eng
grbavac	noun	hbs	hunchback	noun	eng
grbavac	noun	hbs	humpback	noun	eng
grbavica	noun	hbs	hunchback	noun	eng
grbavica	noun	hbs	humpback	noun	eng
greška	noun	hbs	error	noun	eng
greška	noun	hbs	mistake	noun	eng
grijanje	noun	hbs	heat	noun	eng
grijanje	noun	hbs	heating	noun	eng
gripa	noun	hbs	flu	noun	eng
grkomanstvo	noun	hbs	Greekness	noun	eng
grk	noun	hbs	Greek	noun	eng
grobnica	noun	hbs	grave	noun	eng
grobnica	noun	hbs	tomb	noun	eng
grubijanstvo	noun	hbs	gruffness	noun	eng
grupa	noun	hbs	band	noun	eng
grupa	noun	hbs	gang	noun	eng
grupa	noun	hbs	group	noun	eng
gubitak	noun	hbs	loss	noun	eng
gubljenje	noun	hbs	loss	noun	eng
gubljenje	noun	hbs	lose	verb	eng
guverner	noun	hbs	governor	noun	eng
hajduštvo	noun	hbs	hajduk	noun	eng
harmonizacija	noun	hbs	harmonisation	noun	eng
harmonizovanje	noun	hbs	harmonisation	noun	eng
hektar	noun	hbs	hectare	noun	eng
helikopter	noun	hbs	helicopter	noun	eng
heroin	noun	hbs	heroin	noun	eng
herojstvo	noun	hbs	heroism	noun	eng
hiperinflacija	noun	hbs	hyperinflation	noun	eng
historija	noun	hbs	history	noun	eng
holding	noun	hbs	holding	noun	eng
hospitalizacija	noun	hbs	hospitalisation	noun	eng
hotelijerstvo	noun	hbs	hospitality	noun	eng
hotel	noun	hbs	hotel	noun	eng
hrabrost	noun	hbs	courage	noun	eng
hram	noun	hbs	temple	noun	eng
hrana	noun	hbs	food	noun	eng
hrišćanstvo	noun	hbs	Christianity	noun	eng
hrvač	noun	hbs	wrestler	noun	eng
hrvanje	noun	hbs	wrestling	noun	eng
hrvat	noun	hbs	Croat	noun	eng
huliganstvo	noun	hbs	hooliganism	noun	eng
hvatanje	noun	hbs	capture	verb	eng
ideja	noun	hbs	idea	noun	eng
ideja	noun	hbs	notion	noun	eng
identifikacija	noun	hbs	identification	noun	eng
identitet	noun	hbs	identity	noun	eng
idiotizam	noun	hbs	idiocy	noun	eng
idolopoklonstvo	noun	hbs	idolatry	noun	eng
ignoriranje	noun	hbs	ignoral	noun	eng
ignoriranje	noun	hbs	ignore	verb	eng
ignorisanje	noun	hbs	ignoral	noun	eng
ignorisanje	noun	hbs	ignore	verb	eng
igrač	noun	hbs	man	noun	eng
igrač	noun	hbs	player	noun	eng
igra	noun	hbs	game	noun	eng
ikonoborstvo	noun	hbs	iconoclasm	noun	eng
ilegalnost	noun	hbs	illegality	noun	eng
ilustracija	noun	hbs	illustration	noun	eng
imenovanje	noun	hbs	naming	noun	eng
ime	noun	hbs	name	noun	eng
imetak	noun	hbs	assets	noun	eng
imetak	noun	hbs	estate	noun	eng
imetak	noun	hbs	property	noun	eng
imigracija	noun	hbs	immigration	noun	eng
imigrant	noun	hbs	immigrant	noun	eng
imperator	noun	hbs	emperor	noun	eng
imperator	noun	hbs	tsar	noun	eng
imperija	noun	hbs	empire	noun	eng
implantacija	noun	hbs	implantation	noun	eng
implementacija	noun	hbs	implementation	noun	eng
improvizacija	noun	hbs	improvisation	noun	eng
imunitet	noun	hbs	immunity	noun	eng
imunizacija	noun	hbs	immunisation	noun	eng
incident	noun	hbs	incident	noun	eng
indiferentnost	noun	hbs	indifference	noun	eng
indikacija	noun	hbs	indication	noun	eng
industrijalizacija	noun	hbs	industrialisation	noun	eng
industrija	noun	hbs	industry	noun	eng
inercija	noun	hbs	inertia	noun	eng
inertnost	noun	hbs	inertia	noun	eng
infekcija	noun	hbs	infection	noun	eng
inficiranje	noun	hbs	infect	verb	eng
infiltracija	noun	hbs	infiltration	noun	eng
inflacija	noun	hbs	inflation	noun	eng
informacija	noun	hbs	information	noun	eng
informiranje	noun	hbs	inform	verb	eng
informiranost	noun	hbs	information	noun	eng
infrastruktura	noun	hbs	infrastructure	noun	eng
ingerencija	noun	hbs	authority	noun	eng
ingerencija	noun	hbs	power	noun	eng
ingerencija	noun	hbs	responsibility	noun	eng
inicijativa	noun	hbs	initiative	noun	eng
injekcija	noun	hbs	injection	noun	eng
inkompetentnost	noun	hbs	incompetence	noun	eng
inovacija	noun	hbs	innovation	noun	eng
inovativnost	noun	hbs	innovation	noun	eng
inozemstvo	noun	hbs	abroad	noun	eng
insceniranje	noun	hbs	stage	verb	eng
inspekcija	noun	hbs	inspection	noun	eng
inspektor	noun	hbs	inspector	noun	eng
inspektor	noun	hbs	investigator	noun	eng
inspektorstvo	noun	hbs	inspectorship	noun	eng
inspiracija	noun	hbs	inspiration	noun	eng
instalacija	noun	hbs	installation	noun	eng
instaliranje	noun	hbs	install	verb	eng
institucija	noun	hbs	institution	noun	eng
institucionalizacija	noun	hbs	institutionalisation	noun	eng
institut	noun	hbs	institute	noun	eng
institut	noun	hbs	institution	noun	eng
instrukcija	noun	hbs	instruction	noun	eng
integracija	noun	hbs	integration	noun	eng
integriranje	noun	hbs	integrate	verb	eng
integritet	noun	hbs	integrity	noun	eng
intelektualac	noun	hbs	intellectual	noun	eng
inteligencija	noun	hbs	intelligence	noun	eng
intenziviranje	noun	hbs	intensification	noun	eng
interakcija	noun	hbs	interaction	noun	eng
interes	noun	hbs	interest	noun	eng
internet	noun	hbs	internet	noun	eng
interpretacija	noun	hbs	interpretation	noun	eng
intervencija	noun	hbs	intervention	noun	eng
intervju	noun	hbs	interview	noun	eng
invalidnost	noun	hbs	invalidity	noun	eng
investicija	noun	hbs	investment	noun	eng
investiranje	noun	hbs	invest	verb	eng
investitor	noun	hbs	investor	noun	eng
inženjer	noun	hbs	engineer	noun	eng
inženjerstvo	noun	hbs	engineering	noun	eng
inžinjer	noun	hbs	engineer	noun	eng
ishod	noun	hbs	outcome	noun	eng
ishod	noun	hbs	result	noun	eng
isključivanje	noun	hbs	exclusion	noun	eng
iskopavanje	noun	hbs	excavation	noun	eng
iskorijenjivanje	noun	hbs	eradication	noun	eng
iskorištavanje	noun	hbs	exploitation	noun	eng
iskorištavanje	noun	hbs	use	noun	eng
iskorištavanje	noun	hbs	utilisation	noun	eng
iskrenost	noun	hbs	frankness	noun	eng
iskrenost	noun	hbs	sincerity	noun	eng
iskustvo	noun	hbs	experience	noun	eng
islamizacija	noun	hbs	Islamisation	noun	eng
ispitanik	noun	hbs	examinee	noun	eng
ispitanik	noun	hbs	interrogee	noun	eng
ispitanik	noun	hbs	subject	noun	eng
ispitivanje	noun	hbs	examination	noun	eng
ispitivanje	noun	hbs	exploration	noun	eng
ispitivanje	noun	hbs	survey	noun	eng
isplata	noun	hbs	payment	noun	eng
isplata	noun	hbs	settlement	noun	eng
isporuka	noun	hbs	delivery	noun	eng
ispraćanje	noun	hbs	deployment	noun	eng
ispraćanje	noun	hbs	sending	noun	eng
ispunjavanje	noun	hbs	fulfilment	noun	eng
istina	noun	hbs	truth	noun	eng
istjecanje	noun	hbs	leak	noun	eng
istjecanje	noun	hbs	spill	noun	eng
istok	noun	hbs	east	noun	eng
istorija	noun	hbs	history	noun	eng
istraga	noun	hbs	inquiry	noun	eng
istraga	noun	hbs	investigation	noun	eng
istraga	noun	hbs	probe	noun	eng
istraga	noun	hbs	search	noun	eng
istraživanje	noun	hbs	exploration	noun	eng
istraživanje	noun	hbs	research	noun	eng
istraživanje	noun	hbs	study	noun	eng
istraživanje	noun	hbs	survey	noun	eng
istrebljenje	noun	hbs	extermination	noun	eng
istrebljenje	noun	hbs	extinction	noun	eng
izaslanik	noun	hbs	delegate	noun	eng
izaslanik	noun	hbs	deputy	noun	eng
izaslanik	noun	hbs	emissary	noun	eng
izaslanik	noun	hbs	envoy	noun	eng
izaslanik	noun	hbs	representative	noun	eng
izazivanje	noun	hbs	cause	verb	eng
izazivanje	noun	hbs	tease	verb	eng
izazov	noun	hbs	challenge	noun	eng
izbivanje	noun	hbs	absence	noun	eng
izbivanje	noun	hbs	emergence	noun	eng
izbivanje	noun	hbs	outbreak	noun	eng
izbjegavanje	noun	hbs	avoidance	noun	eng
izbjegavanje	noun	hbs	stoppage	noun	eng
izbor	noun	hbs	choice	noun	eng
izbor	noun	hbs	election	noun	eng
izbor	noun	hbs	selection	noun	eng
izbor	noun	hbs	vote	noun	eng
izdanje	noun	hbs	edition	noun	eng
izdavanje	noun	hbs	introduction	noun	eng
izdavaštvo	noun	hbs	publisher	noun	eng
izdizanje	noun	hbs	rise	noun	eng
izgled	noun	hbs	appearance	noun	eng
izgled	noun	hbs	outlook	noun	eng
izgled	noun	hbs	prospect	noun	eng
izgnanstvo	noun	hbs	exile	noun	eng
izgnanstvo	noun	hbs	population transfer	noun	eng
izgradnja	noun	hbs	building project	noun	eng
izgradnja	noun	hbs	construction	noun	eng
izjašnjavanje	noun	hbs	plea	noun	eng
izjava	noun	hbs	comment	noun	eng
izjava	noun	hbs	saying	noun	eng
izjava	noun	hbs	statement	noun	eng
izlaz	noun	hbs	exit	noun	eng
izlaz	noun	hbs	way out	noun	eng
izlaženje	noun	hbs	go out	verb	eng
izlaženje	noun	hbs	walkout	noun	eng
izložba	noun	hbs	exhibition	noun	eng
izložba	noun	hbs	exhibit	noun	eng
izložba	noun	hbs	show	noun	eng
izloženost	noun	hbs	exposure	noun	eng
izmjena	noun	hbs	alteration	noun	eng
izmjena	noun	hbs	amendment	noun	eng
izmjena	noun	hbs	change	noun	eng
izmjena	noun	hbs	modification	noun	eng
iznalaženje	noun	hbs	locate	verb	eng
iznenađenje	noun	hbs	surprise	noun	eng
iznenađivanje	noun	hbs	surprise	verb	eng
iznurenost	noun	hbs	exhaustion	noun	eng
iznurenost	noun	hbs	fatigue	noun	eng
izobilje	noun	hbs	abundance	noun	eng
izobilje	noun	hbs	affluence	noun	eng
izobilje	noun	hbs	copiousness	noun	eng
izobilje	noun	hbs	opulence	noun	eng
izobilje	noun	hbs	plenty	noun	eng
izobilje	noun	hbs	profusion	noun	eng
izobilje	noun	hbs	richness	noun	eng
izobilje	noun	hbs	wealth	noun	eng
izolacija	noun	hbs	isolation	noun	eng
izoliranje	noun	hbs	insulation	noun	eng
izoliranost	noun	hbs	isolation	noun	eng
izopačenost	noun	hbs	perversion	noun	eng
izražavanje	noun	hbs	expression	noun	eng
izučavanje	noun	hbs	instruction	noun	eng
izvinjenje	noun	hbs	apology	noun	eng
izvještaj	noun	hbs	report	noun	eng
izvještavanje	noun	hbs	reporting	noun	eng
izvođenje	noun	hbs	conduct	verb	eng
izvor	noun	hbs	resource	noun	eng
izvor	noun	hbs	source	noun	eng
izvoz	noun	hbs	export	noun	eng
izvršenje	noun	hbs	execution	noun	eng
izvršenje	noun	hbs	implementation	noun	eng
izvršitelj	noun	hbs	executor	noun	eng
izvršitelj	noun	hbs	performer	noun	eng
jačanje	noun	hbs	boost	noun	eng
jačanje	noun	hbs	strengthening	noun	eng
jačina	noun	hbs	intensity	noun	eng
jačina	noun	hbs	magnitude	noun	eng
jaje	noun	hbs	egg	noun	eng
janjičarstvo	noun	hbs	janissaryhood	noun	eng
januar	noun	hbs	January	noun	eng
siječanj	noun	hbs	January	noun	eng
jasnoća	noun	hbs	clarity	noun	eng
javnost	noun	hbs	public	noun	eng
jelo	noun	hbs	dish	noun	eng
jelo	noun	hbs	meal	noun	eng
jedinica	noun	hbs	unit	noun	eng
jedinstvenost	noun	hbs	uniqueness	noun	eng
jedinstvo	noun	hbs	cohesion	noun	eng
jedinstvo	noun	hbs	conjuncture	noun	eng
jedinstvo	noun	hbs	oneness	noun	eng
jedinstvo	noun	hbs	unity	noun	eng
jednakost	noun	hbs	equality	noun	eng
jednoglasnost	noun	hbs	accord	noun	eng
jednoglasnost	noun	hbs	unanimity	noun	eng
jednoženstvo	noun	hbs	monogamy	noun	eng
jedrenjak	noun	hbs	sailing boat	noun	eng
jelen	noun	hbs	deer	noun	eng
vlada	noun	hbs	government	noun	eng
jesen	noun	hbs	autumn	noun	eng
jezero	noun	hbs	lake	noun	eng
jezik	noun	hbs	language	noun	eng
jezik	noun	hbs	tongue	noun	eng
jug	noun	hbs	south	noun	eng
jul	noun	hbs	July	noun	eng
srpanj	noun	hbs	July	noun	eng
jun	noun	hbs	June	noun	eng
lipanj	noun	hbs	June	noun	eng
jurisdikcija	noun	hbs	jurisdiction	noun	eng
jutro	noun	hbs	morning	noun	eng
kabinet	noun	hbs	cabinet	noun	eng
kafa	noun	hbs	coffee	noun	eng
kava	noun	hbs	coffee	noun	eng
kamenodjeljstvo	noun	hbs	stonemasonry	noun	eng
kamen	noun	hbs	rock	noun	eng
kamen	noun	hbs	stone	noun	eng
fotoaparat	noun	hbs	camera	noun	eng
kamera	noun	hbs	camera	noun	eng
kamion	noun	hbs	lorry	noun	eng
kamion	noun	hbs	truck	noun	eng
kampanja	noun	hbs	campaign	noun	eng
kamp	noun	hbs	camp	noun	eng
kanalizacija	noun	hbs	drainage	noun	eng
kanalizacija	noun	hbs	sewerage system	noun	eng
kanal	noun	hbs	channel	noun	eng
kolodvor	noun	hbs	station	noun	eng
postaja	noun	hbs	station	noun	eng
kancelarija	noun	hbs	office	noun	eng
kancelar	noun	hbs	chancellor	noun	eng
kandidatkinja	noun	hbs	candidate	noun	eng
kandidat	noun	hbs	candidate	noun	eng
kandidat	noun	hbs	nominee	noun	eng
kandidatura	noun	hbs	candidacy	noun	eng
kandža	noun	hbs	claw	noun	eng
pandža	noun	hbs	claw	noun	eng
kantonizacija	noun	hbs	cantonisation	noun	eng
kapacitet	noun	hbs	capacity	noun	eng
kapitalizacija	noun	hbs	capitalisation	noun	eng
kapital	noun	hbs	capital	noun	eng
kapitulacija	noun	hbs	capitulation	noun	eng
karakterizacija	noun	hbs	characterisation	noun	eng
karakter	noun	hbs	character	noun	eng
karijera	noun	hbs	career	noun	eng
karta	noun	hbs	card	noun	eng
karta	noun	hbs	chart	noun	eng
karta	noun	hbs	map	noun	eng
karta	noun	hbs	ticket	noun	eng
kašnjenje	noun	hbs	delay	noun	eng
katastrofa	noun	hbs	catastrophe	noun	eng
kategoriziranje	noun	hbs	categorisation	noun	eng
kategorizovanje	noun	hbs	categorisation	noun	eng
kategorija	noun	hbs	category	noun	eng
katolik	noun	hbs	Catholic	noun	eng
kavalirstvo	noun	hbs	chivalry	noun	eng
ambicija	noun	hbs	ambition	noun	eng
kavgadžinstvo	noun	hbs	fight	verb	eng
partizan	noun	hbs	partisan	noun	eng
kazan	noun	hbs	cauldron	noun	eng
kotao	noun	hbs	cauldron	noun	eng
kazna	noun	hbs	fine	noun	eng
kazna	noun	hbs	penalty	noun	eng
kazna	noun	hbs	punishment	noun	eng
kazna	noun	hbs	sentence	noun	eng
kažnjavanje	noun	hbs	punishment	noun	eng
kći	noun	hbs	daughter	noun	eng
kilogram	noun	hbs	kilogramme	noun	eng
kilogram	noun	hbs	kilo	noun	eng
kilometar	noun	hbs	kilometre	noun	eng
kip	noun	hbs	sculpture	noun	eng
kipar	noun	hbs	sculptor	noun	eng
kiparstvo	noun	hbs	sculpture	noun	eng
kiša	noun	hbs	rain	noun	eng
kiša	noun	hbs	shower	noun	eng
klanje	noun	hbs	slaughtering	noun	eng
program	noun	hbs	channel	noun	eng
klan	noun	hbs	clan	noun	eng
klan	noun	hbs	gang	noun	eng
klasa	noun	hbs	class	noun	eng
klasifikacija	noun	hbs	classification	noun	eng
klauzula	noun	hbs	clause	noun	eng
kleveta	noun	hbs	libel	noun	eng
kleveta	noun	hbs	slander	noun	eng
klima	noun	hbs	climate	noun	eng
klima	noun	hbs	environment	noun	eng
klimatizacija	noun	hbs	air-conditioning	noun	eng
klip	noun	hbs	corn-cob	noun	eng
klizanje	noun	hbs	skating	noun	eng
klobučarstvo	noun	hbs	millinery	noun	eng
kloniranje	noun	hbs	cloning	noun	eng
klub	noun	hbs	club	noun	eng
klub	noun	hbs	nightclub	noun	eng
kmetstvo	noun	hbs	serfdom	noun	eng
knjiga	noun	hbs	book	noun	eng
knjigovodstvo	noun	hbs	bookkeeping	noun	eng
knjižarstvo	noun	hbs	bookselling	noun	eng
književnik	noun	hbs	author	noun	eng
književnik	noun	hbs	novelist	noun	eng
književnik	noun	hbs	writer	noun	eng
koalicija	noun	hbs	coalition	noun	eng
koaliranje	noun	hbs	coalition	noun	eng
kodifikacija	noun	hbs	codification	noun	eng
koegzistencija	noun	hbs	co-existence	noun	eng
kokain	noun	hbs	cocaine	noun	eng
koketnost	noun	hbs	coquetry	noun	eng
kolarstvo	noun	hbs	carting	noun	eng
kolega	noun	hbs	colleague	noun	eng
kolegica	noun	hbs	colleague	noun	eng
kolega	noun	hbs	coworker	noun	eng
kolegica	noun	hbs	coworker	noun	eng
kolekcija	noun	hbs	collection	noun	eng
kolekcionarstvo	noun	hbs	collecting	noun	eng
kolekcionerstvo	noun	hbs	collecting	noun	eng
količina	noun	hbs	amount	noun	eng
količina	noun	hbs	quantity	noun	eng
koljeno	noun	hbs	joint	noun	eng
koljeno	noun	hbs	knee	noun	eng
komandant	noun	hbs	commander	noun	eng
vođa	noun	hbs	commander	noun	eng
vojskovođa	noun	hbs	commander	noun	eng
zapovjednik	noun	hbs	commander	noun	eng
komanda	noun	hbs	command	noun	eng
zapovijed	noun	hbs	command	noun	eng
zapovjedništvo	noun	hbs	command	noun	eng
kombinacija	noun	hbs	combination	noun	eng
kombiniranje	noun	hbs	combine	verb	eng
kombinovanje	noun	hbs	combine	verb	eng
godišnjica	noun	hbs	anniversary	noun	eng
komemoracija	noun	hbs	commemoration	noun	eng
komentar	noun	hbs	comment	noun	eng
komentar	noun	hbs	remark	noun	eng
komesar	noun	hbs	commissioner	noun	eng
komesarstvo	noun	hbs	commissarship	noun	eng
komisija	noun	hbs	commission	noun	eng
komisija	noun	hbs	committee	noun	eng
komisija	noun	hbs	panel	noun	eng
komitet	noun	hbs	committee	noun	eng
komora	noun	hbs	chamber	noun	eng
kompanija	noun	hbs	company	noun	eng
kompanija	noun	hbs	firm	noun	eng
tvrtka	noun	hbs	company	noun	eng
tvrtka	noun	hbs	firm	noun	eng
kompenzacija	noun	hbs	compensation	noun	eng
kompetencija	noun	hbs	competency	noun	eng
kompetentnost	noun	hbs	competence	noun	eng
kompjuterizacija	noun	hbs	computerisation	noun	eng
kompjuter	noun	hbs	computer	noun	eng
računalo	noun	hbs	computer	noun	eng
kompleks	noun	hbs	complex	noun	eng
kompletiranje	noun	hbs	completion	noun	eng
komplikacija	noun	hbs	complication	noun	eng
kompozicija	noun	hbs	composition	noun	eng
skladba	noun	hbs	composition	noun	eng
kompromis	noun	hbs	compromise	noun	eng
kompromitiranje	noun	hbs	compromise	noun	eng
komunikacija	noun	hbs	communication	noun	eng
komunizam	noun	hbs	communism	noun	eng
koncentracija	noun	hbs	concentration	noun	eng
koncentriranost	noun	hbs	concentration	noun	eng
koncentriranost	noun	hbs	focus	noun	eng
koncenzus	noun	hbs	consensus	noun	eng
koncert	noun	hbs	concert	noun	eng
izvedba	noun	hbs	performance	noun	eng
koncesionarstvo	noun	hbs	concessionary	noun	eng
stanje	noun	hbs	condition	noun	eng
integracija	noun	hbs	integration	noun	eng
konfederacija	noun	hbs	confederation	noun	eng
konferencija	noun	hbs	conference	noun	eng
konfiguracija	noun	hbs	configuration	noun	eng
konfiskacija	noun	hbs	confiscation	noun	eng
konfiskovanje	noun	hbs	confiscation	noun	eng
konflikt	noun	hbs	conflict	noun	eng
konfrontacija	noun	hbs	confrontation	noun	eng
kongres	noun	hbs	congress	noun	eng
konjarstvo	noun	hbs	horse breeding	noun	eng
konkurencija	noun	hbs	competition	noun	eng
konkurentnost	noun	hbs	competition	noun	eng
konkurentnost	noun	hbs	competitiveness	noun	eng
konkurentnost	noun	hbs	concurrentness	noun	eng
konotacija	noun	hbs	connotation	noun	eng
konsolidacija	noun	hbs	consolidation	noun	eng
konspiracija	noun	hbs	conspiracy	noun	eng
zavjera	noun	hbs	conspiracy	noun	eng
konstituiranje	noun	hbs	constituting	noun	eng
konstituisanje	noun	hbs	constituting	noun	eng
izrada	noun	hbs	construction	noun	eng
konstrukcija	noun	hbs	construction	noun	eng
konstruktivnost	noun	hbs	constructiveness	noun	eng
dodir	noun	hbs	touch	noun	eng
kontakt	noun	hbs	contact	noun	eng
kontakt	noun	hbs	touch	noun	eng
kontaminacija	noun	hbs	contamination	noun	eng
kontaminacija	noun	hbs	pollution	noun	eng
zagađenje	noun	hbs	contamination	noun	eng
zagađenje	noun	hbs	pollution	noun	eng
kontekst	noun	hbs	context	noun	eng
kontingent	noun	hbs	contingent	noun	eng
kontradikcija	noun	hbs	contradiction	noun	eng
kontradiktornost	noun	hbs	contradiction	noun	eng
kontrareakcija	noun	hbs	counter-reaction	noun	eng
kontrola	noun	hbs	control	noun	eng
kontroliranje	noun	hbs	control	noun	eng
kontroverza	noun	hbs	controversy	noun	eng
kontroverznost	noun	hbs	controversy	noun	eng
konvencija	noun	hbs	convention	noun	eng
konverzacija	noun	hbs	conversation	noun	eng
konzervacija	noun	hbs	conservation	noun	eng
konzervisanje	noun	hbs	conservation	noun	eng
konzistentnost	noun	hbs	consistency	noun	eng
konzorcij	noun	hbs	consortium	noun	eng
konzulat	noun	hbs	consulate	noun	eng
konzultacija	noun	hbs	consultation	noun	eng
konzumacija	noun	hbs	consumption	noun	eng
kooperacija	noun	hbs	collaboration	noun	eng
kooperacija	noun	hbs	cooperation	noun	eng
koordinacija	noun	hbs	coordination	noun	eng
koordinator	noun	hbs	coordinator	noun	eng
koordiniranje	noun	hbs	coordination	noun	eng
koprodukcija	noun	hbs	coproduction	noun	eng
korak	noun	hbs	move	noun	eng
korak	noun	hbs	step forward	noun	eng
korak	noun	hbs	step	noun	eng
kora	noun	hbs	bark	noun	eng
kora	noun	hbs	crust	noun	eng
korekcija	noun	hbs	correction	noun	eng
korelacija	noun	hbs	correlation	noun	eng
korespondencija	noun	hbs	correspondence	noun	eng
koridor	noun	hbs	corridor	noun	eng
korigiranje	noun	hbs	correction	noun	eng
korijen	noun	hbs	root	noun	eng
korisnik	noun	hbs	beneficiary	noun	eng
korisnik	noun	hbs	consumer	noun	eng
korisnik	noun	hbs	customer	noun	eng
korisnik	noun	hbs	user	noun	eng
korištenje	noun	hbs	usage	noun	eng
korištenje	noun	hbs	use	noun	eng
korist	noun	hbs	benefit	noun	eng
korist	noun	hbs	favour	noun	eng
korist	noun	hbs	gain	noun	eng
korištenje	noun	hbs	use	noun	eng
korporacija	noun	hbs	corporation	noun	eng
snaga	noun	hbs	corps	noun	eng
korpus	noun	hbs	corps	noun	eng
korpus	noun	hbs	corpus	noun	eng
korumpiranost	noun	hbs	corruption	noun	eng
korupcija	noun	hbs	corruption	noun	eng
kosa	noun	hbs	hair	noun	eng
kosa	noun	hbs	scythe	noun	eng
kost	noun	hbs	bone	noun	eng
kozarstvo	noun	hbs	goat-breeding	noun	eng
kožarstvo	noun	hbs	leather-working	noun	eng
koža	noun	hbs	leather	noun	eng
koža	noun	hbs	skin	noun	eng
kožoderstvo	noun	hbs	extortion	noun	eng
kožoderstvo	noun	hbs	flaying	noun	eng
krađa	noun	hbs	theft	noun	eng
kraj	noun	hbs	edge	noun	eng
kraj	noun	hbs	end	noun	eng
kraj	noun	hbs	rim	noun	eng
kraj	noun	hbs	shore	noun	eng
kruna	noun	hbs	crown	noun	eng
kraljevstvo	noun	hbs	crown	noun	eng
kraljevstvo	noun	hbs	kingdom	noun	eng
kraljevstvo	noun	hbs	realm	noun	eng
kralj	noun	hbs	king	noun	eng
kraljica	noun	hbs	queen	noun	eng
kravarstvo	noun	hbs	dairy farming	noun	eng
kreativnost	noun	hbs	creativity	noun	eng
kredit	noun	hbs	credit	noun	eng
kremiranje	noun	hbs	cremation	noun	eng
krepost	noun	hbs	virility	noun	eng
utvrda	noun	hbs	stronghold	noun	eng
kretanje	noun	hbs	mobility	noun	eng
kretanje	noun	hbs	movement	noun	eng
krilo	noun	hbs	wing	noun	eng
kriminalac	noun	hbs	criminal	noun	eng
kriminaliziranje	noun	hbs	criminalisation	noun	eng
kriminalizovanje	noun	hbs	criminalisation	noun	eng
kriminal	noun	hbs	crime	noun	eng
kriterij	noun	hbs	criterion	noun	eng
kritičar	noun	hbs	critic	noun	eng
kritika	noun	hbs	criticism	noun	eng
kritika	noun	hbs	critic	noun	eng
kritika	noun	hbs	critique	noun	eng
krivica	noun	hbs	blame	noun	eng
vino	noun	hbs	wine	noun	eng
hereza	noun	hbs	heresy	noun	eng
krivovjerstvo	noun	hbs	heresy	noun	eng
kriza	noun	hbs	crisis	noun	eng
idiot	noun	hbs	idiot	noun	eng
češnjak	noun	hbs	garlic	noun	eng
kršćanstvo	noun	hbs	Christianity	noun	eng
kršenje	noun	hbs	violation	noun	eng
krug	noun	hbs	circle	noun	eng
krug	noun	hbs	cycle	noun	eng
krug	noun	hbs	round	noun	eng
krvno srodstvo	noun	hbs	relation	noun	eng
krv	noun	hbs	blood	noun	eng
kuća	noun	hbs	home	noun	eng
kuća	noun	hbs	house	noun	eng
kuhinja	noun	hbs	cooking	noun	eng
kuhinja	noun	hbs	kitchen	noun	eng
kuharstvo	noun	hbs	cooking	noun	eng
kulinarstvo	noun	hbs	cooking	noun	eng
kulminacija	noun	hbs	culmination	noun	eng
kultivacija	noun	hbs	cultivation	noun	eng
kultiviranje	noun	hbs	cultivating	noun	eng
kultivisanje	noun	hbs	cultivating	noun	eng
kultura	noun	hbs	culture	noun	eng
kumstvo	noun	hbs	sponsorship	noun	eng
sponzor	noun	hbs	sponsor	noun	eng
kuna	noun	hbs	beech marten	noun	eng
kuna	noun	hbs	marten	noun	eng
kuna	noun	hbs	mink	noun	eng
kuna	noun	hbs	Kuna	properNoun	eng
kada	noun	hbs	bath	noun	eng
kupatilo	noun	hbs	bath	noun	eng
kupatilo	noun	hbs	bathroom	noun	eng
kupaonica	noun	hbs	bathroom	noun	eng
kupovina	noun	hbs	acquisition	noun	eng
kupovanje	noun	hbs	purchasing	noun	eng
kupovina	noun	hbs	shopping	noun	eng
kupovanje	noun	hbs	shopping	noun	eng
kupovanje	noun	hbs	buying	noun	eng
kup	noun	hbs	cup	noun	eng
kurd	noun	hbs	Kurd	noun	eng
kutija	noun	hbs	box	noun	eng
kutija	noun	hbs	pack	noun	eng
kut	noun	hbs	angle	noun	eng
kvalifikacija	noun	hbs	qualification	noun	eng
kvalificiranost	noun	hbs	qualification	noun	eng
kvalifikovanost	noun	hbs	qualification	noun	eng
kvalitet	noun	hbs	quality	noun	eng
kvaliteta	noun	hbs	quality	noun	eng
laboratorij	noun	hbs	laboratory	noun	eng
laboratorija	noun	hbs	laboratory	noun	eng
lakejstvo	noun	hbs	lackeyship	noun	eng
lakomost	noun	hbs	covetousness	noun	eng
lanac	noun	hbs	chain	noun	eng
lanac	noun	hbs	ring	noun	eng
led	noun	hbs	ice	noun	eng
legalizacija	noun	hbs	legalisation	noun	eng
legalnost	noun	hbs	legality	noun	eng
legislativa	noun	hbs	legislation	noun	eng
legitimnost	noun	hbs	legitimacy	noun	eng
lekar	noun	hbs	doctor	noun	eng
liječnik	noun	hbs	doctor	noun	eng
lekcija	noun	hbs	lesson	noun	eng
leš	noun	hbs	cadaver	noun	eng
leš	noun	hbs	carcass	noun	eng
leš	noun	hbs	corpse	noun	eng
let	noun	hbs	flight	noun	eng
lezbijka	noun	hbs	lesbian	noun	eng
lezbijstvo	noun	hbs	lesbianship	noun	eng
liberalizacija	noun	hbs	liberalisation	noun	eng
liberaliziranje	noun	hbs	liberalisation	noun	eng
licemjerstvo	noun	hbs	hypocrisy	noun	eng
licenciranje	noun	hbs	licensing	noun	eng
lice	noun	hbs	entity	noun	eng
lice	noun	hbs	face	noun	eng
lice	noun	hbs	official	noun	eng
lice	noun	hbs	person	noun	eng
ličnost	noun	hbs	celebrity	noun	eng
ličnost	noun	hbs	figure	noun	eng
ličnost	noun	hbs	personality	noun	eng
ličnost	noun	hbs	person	noun	eng
lider	noun	hbs	leader	noun	eng
liderstvo	noun	hbs	leadership	noun	eng
liga	noun	hbs	league	noun	eng
lihvarstvo	noun	hbs	loansharking	noun	eng
liječenje	noun	hbs	treatment	noun	eng
lijek	noun	hbs	drug	noun	eng
lijek	noun	hbs	medicine	noun	eng
lijek	noun	hbs	remedy	noun	eng
lijenost	noun	hbs	indolence	noun	eng
lijenost	noun	hbs	laziness	noun	eng
lav	noun	hbs	lion	noun	eng
likvidacija	noun	hbs	liquidation	noun	eng
likvidnost	noun	hbs	liquidity	noun	eng
likvidnost	noun	hbs	stability	noun	eng
linija	noun	hbs	line	noun	eng
linija	noun	hbs	route	noun	eng
liposukcija	noun	hbs	liposuction	noun	eng
lista	noun	hbs	list	noun	eng
list	noun	hbs	leaf	noun	eng
list	noun	hbs	sheet	noun	eng
književnost	noun	hbs	literature	noun	eng
literatura	noun	hbs	literature	noun	eng
literatura	noun	hbs	reference	noun	eng
medicinska oprema	noun	hbs	medical equipment	noun	eng
ljekarstvo	noun	hbs	medicine	noun	eng
ljeto	noun	hbs	summer	noun	eng
ljeto	noun	hbs	summertime	noun	eng
ljevičarstvo	noun	hbs	leftism	noun	eng
ljubiteljstvo	noun	hbs	amateurism	noun	eng
ljubomora	noun	hbs	envy	noun	eng
ljubomora	noun	hbs	jealousy	noun	eng
kanibalizam	noun	hbs	cannibalism	noun	eng
ljubopitnost	noun	hbs	curiosity	noun	eng
ljubopitljivost	noun	hbs	curiosity	noun	eng
znatiželja	noun	hbs	curiosity	noun	eng
lobiranje	noun	hbs	lobbying	noun	eng
lociranje	noun	hbs	locating	noun	eng
lociranje	noun	hbs	location	noun	eng
lojalnost	noun	hbs	loyalty	noun	eng
lokacija	noun	hbs	location	noun	eng
lončarstvo	noun	hbs	pottery	noun	eng
los	noun	hbs	moose	noun	eng
lukavstvo	noun	hbs	craftiness	noun	eng
luk	noun	hbs	onion	noun	eng
lustracija	noun	hbs	lustration	noun	eng
luteranstvo	noun	hbs	Lutheranism	noun	eng
meč	noun	hbs	game	noun	eng
meč	noun	hbs	match	noun	eng
mač	noun	hbs	sword	noun	eng
mafija	noun	hbs	mafia	noun	eng
magla	noun	hbs	fog	noun	eng
majčinstvo	noun	hbs	motherhood	noun	eng
majka	noun	hbs	mother	noun	eng
bojnik	noun	hbs	major	noun	eng
major	noun	hbs	major	noun	eng
maj	noun	hbs	May	noun	eng
svibanj	noun	hbs	May	noun	eng
majstorstvo	noun	hbs	craftsmanship	noun	eng
majstorstvo	noun	hbs	skilfulness	noun	eng
majstorstvo	noun	hbs	workmanship	noun	eng
makedonac	noun	hbs	Macedonian	noun	eng
mladost	noun	hbs	youthfulness	noun	eng
maloljetnost	noun	hbs	minority	noun	eng
maltretiranje	noun	hbs	bullying	noun	eng
maltretiranje	noun	hbs	maltreatment	noun	eng
manastir	noun	hbs	monastry	noun	eng
oznaka	noun	hbs	designation	noun	eng
mandator	noun	hbs	mandatary	noun	eng
mandat	noun	hbs	mandate	noun	eng
manekenstvo	noun	hbs	modelling	noun	eng
manifestacija	noun	hbs	manitestation	noun	eng
manipulacija	noun	hbs	manipulation	noun	eng
manjina	noun	hbs	minority	noun	eng
marama	noun	hbs	headscarf	noun	eng
marama	noun	hbs	scarf	noun	eng
marginalizacija	noun	hbs	marginalisation	noun	eng
marljivost	noun	hbs	diligence	noun	eng
maroderstvo	noun	hbs	marauding	noun	eng
ožujak	noun	hbs	March	noun	eng
mart	noun	hbs	March	noun	eng
masakr	noun	hbs	massacre	noun	eng
masa	noun	hbs	mass	noun	eng
masonstvo	noun	hbs	freemasonry	noun	eng
mast	noun	hbs	fat	noun	eng
materijal	noun	hbs	material	noun	eng
medalja	noun	hbs	medal	noun	eng
medicina	noun	hbs	medicine	noun	eng
medijatorstvo	noun	hbs	mediation	noun	eng
medij	noun	hbs	medium	noun	eng
mediji	noun	hbs	media	noun	eng
megavat	noun	hbs	megawatt	noun	eng
mehanizacija	noun	hbs	mechanisation	noun	eng
mašinerija	noun	hbs	machinery	noun	eng
mehanizam	noun	hbs	mechanism	noun	eng
melem	noun	hbs	ointment	noun	eng
memorandum	noun	hbs	memorandum	noun	eng
menadžerstvo	noun	hbs	managership	noun	eng
menadžment	noun	hbs	management	noun	eng
mentorstvo	noun	hbs	mentorship	noun	eng
mesarstvo	noun	hbs	butcher	verb	eng
mesarstvo	noun	hbs	butchery	noun	eng
meso	noun	hbs	meat	noun	eng
metak	noun	hbs	bullet	noun	eng
metar	noun	hbs	metre	noun	eng
micanje	noun	hbs	advancement	noun	eng
micanje	noun	hbs	advance	noun	eng
migracija	noun	hbs	migration	noun	eng
abdomen	noun	hbs	abdomen	noun	eng
mijeh	noun	hbs	bellows	noun	eng
miješanje	noun	hbs	mixing	noun	eng
mikrofinanciranje	noun	hbs	microfinancing	noun	eng
mikrokreditiranje	noun	hbs	micro-credit	noun	eng
milicija	noun	hbs	militia	noun	eng
militant	noun	hbs	militant	noun	eng
milja	noun	hbs	mile	noun	eng
milost	noun	hbs	mercy	noun	eng
mina	noun	hbs	mine	noun	eng
minidemokratizacija	noun	hbs	mini-democracy	noun	eng
ministar	noun	hbs	minister	noun	eng
afera	noun	hbs	affair	noun	eng
ministerka	noun	hbs	minister	noun	eng
ministrica	noun	hbs	minister	noun	eng
ministarstvo	noun	hbs	ministry	noun	eng
ministerstvo	noun	hbs	ministry	noun	eng
minuta	noun	hbs	minute	noun	eng
mirotvorstvo	noun	hbs	peacekeeping operation	noun	eng
mirovanje	noun	hbs	hold	noun	eng
mirovnjak	noun	hbs	peacekeeper	noun	eng
mir	noun	hbs	peace	noun	eng
misao	noun	hbs	thought	noun	eng
misija	noun	hbs	mission	noun	eng
misionar	noun	hbs	missionary	noun	eng
misionarstvo	noun	hbs	missionary work	noun	eng
misionerstvo	noun	hbs	missionary work	noun	eng
mišljenje	noun	hbs	opinion	noun	eng
mišljenje	noun	hbs	view	noun	eng
miting	noun	hbs	meeting	noun	eng
miting	noun	hbs	rally	noun	eng
mitologija	noun	hbs	mythology	noun	eng
mito	noun	hbs	bribe	noun	eng
carina	noun	hbs	customs	noun	eng
carina	noun	hbs	duty	noun	eng
porez	noun	hbs	duty	noun	eng
mjera	noun	hbs	action	noun	eng
mjera	noun	hbs	measure	noun	eng
mjera	noun	hbs	step	noun	eng
mjesečina	noun	hbs	moonlight	noun	eng
mjesec	noun	hbs	moon	noun	eng
mjesec	noun	hbs	month	noun	eng
mjesto	noun	hbs	area	noun	eng
mjesto	noun	hbs	birthplace	noun	eng
mjesto	noun	hbs	location	noun	eng
mjesto	noun	hbs	place	noun	eng
mjesto	noun	hbs	point	noun	eng
mjesto	noun	hbs	position	noun	eng
mjesto	noun	hbs	post	noun	eng
mjesto	noun	hbs	resort	noun	eng
mjesto	noun	hbs	scene	noun	eng
mjesto	noun	hbs	seat	noun	eng
mjesto	noun	hbs	site	noun	eng
mjesto	noun	hbs	venue	noun	eng
mladić	noun	hbs	boy	noun	eng
konobar	noun	hbs	waiter	noun	eng
konobarica	noun	hbs	waiter	noun	eng
mladić	noun	hbs	young man	noun	eng
mladost	noun	hbs	youth	noun	eng
mljekarstvo	noun	hbs	dairy	noun	eng
mnogoženstvo	noun	hbs	polygamy	noun	eng
mnoštvo	noun	hbs	multitude	noun	eng
mobilizacija	noun	hbs	mobilisation	noun	eng
mobiliziranje	noun	hbs	mobilisation	noun	eng
mobilnost	noun	hbs	mobility	noun	eng
moć	noun	hbs	power	noun	eng
moć	noun	hbs	strength	noun	eng
modeliranje	noun	hbs	modelling	noun	eng
model	noun	hbs	model	noun	eng
model	noun	hbs	pattern	noun	eng
modernizacija	noun	hbs	modernisation	noun	eng
moderniziranje	noun	hbs	modernisation	noun	eng
modifikacija	noun	hbs	modification	noun	eng
mogućnost	noun	hbs	opportunity	noun	eng
moment	noun	hbs	minute	noun	eng
moment	noun	hbs	moment	noun	eng
moment	noun	hbs	point	noun	eng
moment	noun	hbs	time	noun	eng
monitoring	noun	hbs	monitoring	noun	eng
pas čuvar	noun	hbs	watchdog	noun	eng
stražar	noun	hbs	watchdog	noun	eng
monolog	noun	hbs	monologue	noun	eng
monopol	noun	hbs	monopoly	noun	eng
moralnost	noun	hbs	morality	noun	eng
moreplovstvo	noun	hbs	seafaring	noun	eng
more	noun	hbs	sea	noun	eng
mormonizam	noun	hbs	Mormonism	noun	eng
most	noun	hbs	bridge	noun	eng
motivacija	noun	hbs	motivation	noun	eng
motiviranost	noun	hbs	motivation	noun	eng
moto	noun	hbs	motto	noun	eng
mozaik	noun	hbs	mosaic	noun	eng
mraz	noun	hbs	frost	noun	eng
mraz	noun	hbs	ice	noun	eng
mreža	noun	hbs	grid	noun	eng
mreža	noun	hbs	hammock	noun	eng
mreža	noun	hbs	net	noun	eng
mreža	noun	hbs	network	noun	eng
zaslon	noun	hbs	screen	noun	eng
mržnja	noun	hbs	hatred	noun	eng
mučenje	noun	hbs	torture	noun	eng
muftijstvo	noun	hbs	muftiship	noun	eng
muhamedanstvo	noun	hbs	Islam	noun	eng
multietničnost	noun	hbs	multi-ethnicity	noun	eng
municija	noun	hbs	munition	noun	eng
streljivo	noun	hbs	munition	noun	eng
musliman	noun	hbs	Muslim	noun	eng
muslimanstvo	noun	hbs	Islam	noun	eng
mutacija	noun	hbs	mutation	noun	eng
mutiranje	noun	hbs	mutation	noun	eng
muzej	noun	hbs	museum	noun	eng
glazba	noun	hbs	music	noun	eng
muzika	noun	hbs	music	noun	eng
muž	noun	hbs	husband	noun	eng
muž	noun	hbs	male	noun	eng
muž	noun	hbs	man	noun	eng
nabavka	noun	hbs	acquisition	noun	eng
nabavka	noun	hbs	procurement	noun	eng
nabavka	noun	hbs	supply	noun	eng
načelnik	noun	hbs	chief	noun	eng
načelnik	noun	hbs	commander	noun	eng
načelstvo	noun	hbs	principality	noun	eng
nacija	noun	hbs	nation	noun	eng
način	noun	hbs	approach	noun	eng
način	noun	hbs	manner	noun	eng
način	noun	hbs	means	noun	eng
način	noun	hbs	method	noun	eng
način	noun	hbs	way	noun	eng
nacionalnost	noun	hbs	nationality	noun	eng
nacrt	noun	hbs	draft	noun	eng
nacrt	noun	hbs	sketch	noun	eng
nadležnost	noun	hbs	competence	noun	eng
nadležnost	noun	hbs	jurisdiction	noun	eng
nadležnost	noun	hbs	responsibility	noun	eng
nadmašivanje	noun	hbs	overcoming	noun	eng
nadomjestak	noun	hbs	compensation	noun	eng
nadzor	noun	hbs	oversight	noun	eng
nafta	noun	hbs	oil	noun	eng
nafta	noun	hbs	petrol	noun	eng
naftovod	noun	hbs	oil pipeline	noun	eng
nagodba	noun	hbs	agreement	noun	eng
nagodba	noun	hbs	treaty	noun	eng
nagrada	noun	hbs	award	noun	eng
nagrada	noun	hbs	honour	noun	eng
nagrada	noun	hbs	prize	noun	eng
nagrada	noun	hbs	reward	noun	eng
naklonjenost	noun	hbs	willingness	noun	eng
nametanje	noun	hbs	imposition	noun	eng
namjera	noun	hbs	intention	noun	eng
namjera	noun	hbs	intent	noun	eng
namještanje	noun	hbs	fixing	noun	eng
namještanje	noun	hbs	tampering	noun	eng
naoružanje	noun	hbs	weapon	noun	eng
napadač	noun	hbs	attacker	noun	eng
napad	noun	hbs	aggression	noun	eng
napad	noun	hbs	assault	noun	eng
napad	noun	hbs	attack	noun	eng
napad	noun	hbs	raid	noun	eng
napad	noun	hbs	strike	noun	eng
napor	noun	hbs	effort	noun	eng
naprava	noun	hbs	device	noun	eng
napredak	noun	hbs	progress	noun	eng
napuštanje	noun	hbs	abandonment	noun	eng
naredba	noun	hbs	command	noun	eng
naredba	noun	hbs	order	noun	eng
narod	noun	hbs	crowd	noun	eng
narod	noun	hbs	nation	noun	eng
narod	noun	hbs	people	noun	eng
narod	noun	hbs	public	noun	eng
narušavanje	noun	hbs	impairment	noun	eng
naseljenost	noun	hbs	population	noun	eng
nasilje	noun	hbs	violence	noun	eng
nasljednik	noun	hbs	descendant	noun	eng
nasljednik	noun	hbs	heir	noun	eng
nasljednik	noun	hbs	successor	noun	eng
nasljedstvo	noun	hbs	heritage	noun	eng
nastavnik	noun	hbs	teacher	noun	eng
naturalizacija	noun	hbs	naturalisation	noun	eng
naučnik	noun	hbs	scientist	noun	eng
znanstvenik	noun	hbs	scientist	noun	eng
nauka	noun	hbs	science	noun	eng
znanost	noun	hbs	science	noun	eng
navigacija	noun	hbs	navigation	noun	eng
navijač	noun	hbs	fan	noun	eng
navod	noun	hbs	allegation	noun	eng
navod	noun	hbs	quotation	noun	eng
imenovanje	noun	hbs	appointment	noun	eng
naznačavanje	noun	hbs	assignment	noun	eng
nebo	noun	hbs	heaven	noun	eng
nebo	noun	hbs	sky	noun	eng
nedjelja	noun	hbs	Sunday	noun	eng
nedjelja	noun	hbs	week	noun	eng
nedostatak	noun	hbs	lack	noun	eng
nedostatak	noun	hbs	shortage	noun	eng
nedostupnost	noun	hbs	lack	noun	eng
nedostupnost	noun	hbs	unavailability	noun	eng
neefikasnost	noun	hbs	ineffectiveness	noun	eng
neefikasnost	noun	hbs	inefficiency	noun	eng
neetičnost	noun	hbs	unethicality	noun	eng
nefunkcionalnost	noun	hbs	unfunctionality	noun	eng
nefunkcioniranje	noun	hbs	non-functioning	noun	eng
nefunkcionisanje	noun	hbs	non-functioning	noun	eng
negodovanje	noun	hbs	disapproval	noun	eng
neiskrenost	noun	hbs	dishonesty	noun	eng
neispunjavanje	noun	hbs	failure	noun	eng
neizdavanje	noun	hbs	failure	noun	eng
neizvjesnost	noun	hbs	uncertainty	noun	eng
nejasnost	noun	hbs	ambiguity	noun	eng
nejasnost	noun	hbs	opacity	noun	eng
nejedinstvo	noun	hbs	disunity	noun	eng
nekompetentnost	noun	hbs	incompetence	noun	eng
nekonvencionalnost	noun	hbs	unconventionalism	noun	eng
nelegalnost	noun	hbs	illegality	noun	eng
nemarnost	noun	hbs	carelessness	noun	eng
nemarnost	noun	hbs	neglect	noun	eng
nemarnost	noun	hbs	negligence	noun	eng
nemilost	noun	hbs	disfavour	noun	eng
nemirnost	noun	hbs	anxiety	noun	eng
panika	noun	hbs	panic	noun	eng
nemir	noun	hbs	riot	noun	eng
nemir	noun	hbs	unrest	noun	eng
nemogućnost	noun	hbs	impossibility	noun	eng
nemogućnost	noun	hbs	inability	noun	eng
neodgovornost	noun	hbs	irresponsibility	noun	eng
neodgovornost	noun	hbs	unaccountability	noun	eng
neodlučnost	noun	hbs	reluctance	noun	eng
neophodnost	noun	hbs	necessity	noun	eng
neopreznost	noun	hbs	negligence	noun	eng
neplaćanje	noun	hbs	failure	noun	eng
nepokretnost	noun	hbs	immobility	noun	eng
nekretnina	noun	hbs	real estate	noun	eng
neposlušnost	noun	hbs	disobedience	noun	eng
nepoštovanje	noun	hbs	contempt	noun	eng
nepovjerenje	noun	hbs	distrust	noun	eng
nepovjerenje	noun	hbs	doubt	noun	eng
nepovjerenje	noun	hbs	mistrust	noun	eng
nepovjerenje	noun	hbs	no confidence	noun	eng
neprijateljstvo	noun	hbs	animosity	noun	eng
neprijateljstvo	noun	hbs	enmity	noun	eng
neprijateljstvo	noun	hbs	hostility	noun	eng
neprijatnost	noun	hbs	inconvenience	noun	eng
neprijatnost	noun	hbs	nuisance	noun	eng
nepripremljenost	noun	hbs	unwillingness	noun	eng
nepriznavanje	noun	hbs	non-recognition	noun	eng
neprofesionalnost	noun	hbs	unprofessionalism	noun	eng
neregularnost	noun	hbs	irregularity	noun	eng
nesigurnost	noun	hbs	insecurity	noun	eng
neslaganje	noun	hbs	contention	noun	eng
neslaganje	noun	hbs	disagreement	noun	eng
neslaganje	noun	hbs	rift	noun	eng
nespokojnost	noun	hbs	unrest	noun	eng
nesposobnost	noun	hbs	inability	noun	eng
nesposobnost	noun	hbs	incapability	noun	eng
nesreća	noun	hbs	accident	noun	eng
nesreća	noun	hbs	crash	noun	eng
nesreća	noun	hbs	incident	noun	eng
nestabilnost	noun	hbs	instability	noun	eng
nestabilnost	noun	hbs	tension	noun	eng
nestabilnost	noun	hbs	volatility	noun	eng
nestašica	noun	hbs	lack	noun	eng
nesuradnja	noun	hbs	non-cooperation	noun	eng
netolerancija	noun	hbs	intolerance	noun	eng
netrepeljivost	noun	hbs	animosity	noun	eng
netrepeljivost	noun	hbs	intolerance	noun	eng
net	noun	hbs	net	noun	eng
neusaglašenost	noun	hbs	anticoincidence	noun	eng
neuspjeh	noun	hbs	failure	noun	eng
neutraliziranje	noun	hbs	neutralisation	noun	eng
neutralizovanje	noun	hbs	neutralisation	noun	eng
neutralnost	noun	hbs	neutrality	noun	eng
nevinost	noun	hbs	innocence	noun	eng
nevjera	noun	hbs	infidelity	noun	eng
nevjerstvo	noun	hbs	betrayal	noun	eng
nezadovoljstvo	noun	hbs	discontentment	noun	eng
nezadovoljstvo	noun	hbs	discontent	noun	eng
nezadovoljstvo	noun	hbs	dissatisfaction	noun	eng
nezaduženost	noun	hbs	non-indebtedness	noun	eng
nezaposlenost	noun	hbs	unemployment	noun	eng
nezavisnost	noun	hbs	independence	noun	eng
nivo	noun	hbs	level	noun	eng
niz	noun	hbs	sequence	noun	eng
noć	noun	hbs	night	noun	eng
noga	noun	hbs	foot	noun	eng
noga	noun	hbs	leg	noun	eng
nominacija	noun	hbs	nomination	noun	eng
nominovanje	noun	hbs	nomination	noun	eng
normalizacija	noun	hbs	normalisation	noun	eng
normalizovanje	noun	hbs	normalisation	noun	eng
nošenje	noun	hbs	wearing	noun	eng
nos	noun	hbs	nose	noun	eng
inovacija	noun	hbs	innovation	noun	eng
novatorstvo	noun	hbs	innovation	noun	eng
novinar	noun	hbs	journalist	noun	eng
novinar	noun	hbs	reporter	noun	eng
novinarstvo	noun	hbs	journalism	noun	eng
novina	noun	hbs	innovation	noun	eng
novina	noun	hbs	novelty	noun	eng
novine	noun	hbs	newspaper	noun	eng
novost	noun	hbs	news	noun	eng
novost	noun	hbs	novelty	noun	eng
pribor za jelo	noun	hbs	cutlery	noun	eng
nožarstvo	noun	hbs	knifemaking	noun	eng
obala	noun	hbs	coast	noun	eng
obaranje	noun	hbs	toppling	noun	eng
obazrivost	noun	hbs	prudence	noun	eng
obećanje	noun	hbs	commitment	noun	eng
obećanje	noun	hbs	pledge	noun	eng
obećanje	noun	hbs	promise	noun	eng
obeshrabrivanje	noun	hbs	discouragement	noun	eng
obezbjeđenje	noun	hbs	security	noun	eng
običaj	noun	hbs	convention	noun	eng
običaj	noun	hbs	custom	noun	eng
običaj	noun	hbs	habit	noun	eng
obilježavanje	noun	hbs	border	noun	eng
obilježavanje	noun	hbs	demarcation	noun	eng
obitelj	noun	hbs	family	noun	eng
objašnjavanje	noun	hbs	explanation	noun	eng
objavljivanje	noun	hbs	publication	noun	eng
objavljivanje	noun	hbs	release	noun	eng
objedinjavanje	noun	hbs	association	noun	eng
objedinjenost	noun	hbs	unity	noun	eng
objektivnost	noun	hbs	objective	noun	eng
objektivnost	noun	hbs	objectivity	noun	eng
objekt	noun	hbs	object	noun	eng
oblak	noun	hbs	cloud	noun	eng
oblast	noun	hbs	area	noun	eng
oblast	noun	hbs	district	noun	eng
oblast	noun	hbs	field	noun	eng
oblast	noun	hbs	province	noun	eng
obmana	noun	hbs	deceit	noun	eng
obmana	noun	hbs	fraud	noun	eng
obmana	noun	hbs	illusion	noun	eng
obmana	noun	hbs	trick	noun	eng
obnavljanje	noun	hbs	renewal	noun	eng
obnavljanje	noun	hbs	restoration	noun	eng
obnavljanje	noun	hbs	revival	noun	eng
obnova	noun	hbs	reconstruction	noun	eng
obnova	noun	hbs	recovery	noun	eng
obnova	noun	hbs	rehabilitation	noun	eng
obnova	noun	hbs	renewal	noun	eng
obnova	noun	hbs	restoration	noun	eng
oborina	noun	hbs	precipitation	noun	eng
obraćanje	noun	hbs	address	noun	eng
obrazovanje	noun	hbs	education	noun	eng
obrazovanje	noun	hbs	training	noun	eng
obrazovanost	noun	hbs	education	noun	eng
obuka	noun	hbs	training	noun	eng
obustava	noun	hbs	blackout	noun	eng
obustava	noun	hbs	break	noun	eng
obustava	noun	hbs	interruption	noun	eng
obustava	noun	hbs	pause	noun	eng
obustava	noun	hbs	recess	noun	eng
obustava	noun	hbs	suspension	noun	eng
obvezanost	noun	hbs	commitment	noun	eng
obveza	noun	hbs	commitment	noun	eng
obveza	noun	hbs	duty	noun	eng
obveza	noun	hbs	obligation	noun	eng
obveza	noun	hbs	responsibility	noun	eng
obveznica	noun	hbs	bond	noun	eng
očekivanje	noun	hbs	expectation	noun	eng
ocjena	noun	hbs	assessment	noun	eng
ocjena	noun	hbs	estimation	noun	eng
ocjena	noun	hbs	evaluation	noun	eng
ocjena	noun	hbs	grade	noun	eng
ocjena	noun	hbs	mark	noun	eng
ocjena	noun	hbs	rating	noun	eng
ocjena	noun	hbs	score	noun	eng
odbacivanje	noun	hbs	rejection	noun	eng
odbijanje	noun	hbs	refusal	noun	eng
odbijanje	noun	hbs	rejection	noun	eng
odbor	noun	hbs	board	noun	eng
odbor	noun	hbs	committee	noun	eng
odbor	noun	hbs	council	noun	eng
odbor	noun	hbs	elite	noun	eng
odbor	noun	hbs	selection	noun	eng
odbrana	noun	hbs	defence	noun	eng
odgovornost	noun	hbs	accountability	noun	eng
odgovornost	noun	hbs	liability	noun	eng
odgovornost	noun	hbs	responsibility	noun	eng
odgovor	noun	hbs	answer	noun	eng
odgovor	noun	hbs	reply	noun	eng
odgovor	noun	hbs	response	noun	eng
odjeljak	noun	hbs	department	noun	eng
odlaganje	noun	hbs	delay	noun	eng
odlaganje	noun	hbs	postponement	noun	eng
odlazak	noun	hbs	departure	noun	eng
odlazak	noun	hbs	farewell	noun	eng
odlučnost	noun	hbs	determination	noun	eng
odluka	noun	hbs	decision-making	noun	eng
odluka	noun	hbs	decision	noun	eng
odluka	noun	hbs	resolution	noun	eng
odluka	noun	hbs	verdict	noun	eng
odmazda	noun	hbs	retaliation	noun	eng
odmor	noun	hbs	holiday	noun	eng
odnos	noun	hbs	attitude	noun	eng
odnos	noun	hbs	relationship	noun	eng
odnos	noun	hbs	relation	noun	eng
odobravanje	noun	hbs	approval	noun	eng
odobravanje	noun	hbs	endorsement	noun	eng
odobrenje	noun	hbs	approval	noun	eng
odobrenje	noun	hbs	endorsement	noun	eng
odredba	noun	hbs	decree	noun	eng
odredba	noun	hbs	provision	noun	eng
odredba	noun	hbs	regulation	noun	eng
odredba	noun	hbs	rule	noun	eng
određivanje	noun	hbs	determination	noun	eng
održavanje	noun	hbs	maintenance	noun	eng
odšteta	noun	hbs	damages	noun	eng
odstranjivanje	noun	hbs	removal	noun	eng
odsustvo	noun	hbs	absence	noun	eng
odsustvo	noun	hbs	lack	noun	eng
oduševljenost	noun	hbs	delight	noun	eng
oduzimanje	noun	hbs	retraction	noun	eng
odvajanje	noun	hbs	allocation	noun	eng
odvajanje	noun	hbs	separation	noun	eng
odvajanje	noun	hbs	split	noun	eng
odziv	noun	hbs	turnout	noun	eng
ofanziva	noun	hbs	offensive	noun	eng
oficerstvo	noun	hbs	officership	noun	eng
oganj	noun	hbs	fire	noun	eng
oganj	noun	hbs	flame	noun	eng
ogled	noun	hbs	attention	noun	eng
ogorčenost	noun	hbs	bitterness	noun	eng
ogorčenost	noun	hbs	resentment	noun	eng
ohrabrivanje	noun	hbs	encouragement	noun	eng
okean	noun	hbs	ocean	noun	eng
okolnost	noun	hbs	circumstance	noun	eng
okolnost	noun	hbs	condition	noun	eng
oko	noun	hbs	eye	noun	eng
okretnost	noun	hbs	mobility	noun	eng
okrivljavanje	noun	hbs	accusation	noun	eng
okrivljavanje	noun	hbs	allegation	noun	eng
okrivljavanje	noun	hbs	charge	noun	eng
okrug	noun	hbs	county	noun	eng
okrug	noun	hbs	district	noun	eng
oktobar	noun	hbs	October	noun	eng
okupacija	noun	hbs	occupation	noun	eng
okupiranje	noun	hbs	occupation	noun	eng
okvir	noun	hbs	frame	noun	eng
okvir	noun	hbs	framework	noun	eng
okvir	noun	hbs	time frame	noun	eng
olakšavanje	noun	hbs	facilitation	noun	eng
olimpijada	noun	hbs	olympiad	noun	eng
oluja	noun	hbs	moon	noun	eng
omogućavanje	noun	hbs	facilitation	noun	eng
opasnost	noun	hbs	danger	noun	eng
opasnost	noun	hbs	threat	noun	eng
opcija	noun	hbs	option	noun	eng
operacija	noun	hbs	operation	noun	eng
operativnost	noun	hbs	efficiency	noun	eng
operator	noun	hbs	operator	noun	eng
opomena	noun	hbs	warning	noun	eng
oporezivanje	noun	hbs	taxation	noun	eng
opozicija	noun	hbs	opposition	noun	eng
opoziv	noun	hbs	impeachment	noun	eng
oprema	noun	hbs	equipment	noun	eng
oprez	noun	hbs	attention	noun	eng
oprez	noun	hbs	care	noun	eng
oprez	noun	hbs	focus	noun	eng
oprez	noun	hbs	notice	noun	eng
opština	noun	hbs	borough	noun	eng
opština	noun	hbs	commune	noun	eng
opština	noun	hbs	community	noun	eng
opština	noun	hbs	municipality	noun	eng
opština	noun	hbs	township	noun	eng
opstrukcija	noun	hbs	obstruction	noun	eng
optimist	noun	hbs	optimist	noun	eng
optimizacija	noun	hbs	optimisation	noun	eng
optimizam	noun	hbs	optimism	noun	eng
optužba	noun	hbs	accusation	noun	eng
optužba	noun	hbs	allegation	noun	eng
optužba	noun	hbs	charge	noun	eng
optužba	noun	hbs	indictment	noun	eng
oratorstvo	noun	hbs	oratory	noun	eng
organizacija	noun	hbs	organisation	noun	eng
organizator	noun	hbs	organiser	noun	eng
organiziranje	noun	hbs	organisation	noun	eng
organizovanje	noun	hbs	limitation	noun	eng
organizovanje	noun	hbs	limit	noun	eng
organizovanje	noun	hbs	restriction	noun	eng
organ	noun	hbs	authority	noun	eng
organ	noun	hbs	body	noun	eng
organ	noun	hbs	organ	noun	eng
orijentacija	noun	hbs	orientation	noun	eng
orkan	noun	hbs	hurricane	noun	eng
oružje	noun	hbs	arm	noun	eng
oružje	noun	hbs	firearm	noun	eng
oružje	noun	hbs	gun	noun	eng
oružje	noun	hbs	weapon	noun	eng
osa	noun	hbs	wasp	noun	eng
osiguranje	noun	hbs	insurance	noun	eng
osiguranje	noun	hbs	security	noun	eng
osiguravanje	noun	hbs	securing	noun	eng
osjetljivost	noun	hbs	vulnerability	noun	eng
oslobođenje	noun	hbs	liberation	noun	eng
osmatrač	noun	hbs	monitor	noun	eng
osmatrač	noun	hbs	observer	noun	eng
osnaženje	noun	hbs	reinforcement	noun	eng
osnivač	noun	hbs	founder	noun	eng
osnivanje	noun	hbs	creation	noun	eng
osnivanje	noun	hbs	establishment	noun	eng
osnivanje	noun	hbs	founding	noun	eng
osnova	noun	hbs	base	noun	eng
osnova	noun	hbs	basis	noun	eng
osnova	noun	hbs	foundation	noun	eng
osnova	noun	hbs	ground	noun	eng
prtljaga	noun	hbs	baggage	noun	eng
osoblje	noun	hbs	personnel	noun	eng
osoblje	noun	hbs	staff	noun	eng
ostatak	noun	hbs	remainder	noun	eng
ostatak	noun	hbs	remains	noun	eng
ostatak	noun	hbs	rest	noun	eng
ostavka	noun	hbs	resignation	noun	eng
oštećenost	noun	hbs	aggrievedness	noun	eng
ostvarivanje	noun	hbs	achieving	noun	eng
osujećenje	noun	hbs	interruption	noun	eng
osujećenje	noun	hbs	obstruction	noun	eng
osvajanje	noun	hbs	conquest	noun	eng
osvećivanje	noun	hbs	revenge	noun	eng
otajstvo	noun	hbs	sacrament	noun	eng
otcjepljenje	noun	hbs	secession	noun	eng
otcjepljenje	noun	hbs	separation	noun	eng
otkrivanje	noun	hbs	discovery	noun	eng
oporavak	noun	hbs	recovery	noun	eng
otkrivanje	noun	hbs	uncovering	noun	eng
otmica	noun	hbs	abduction	noun	eng
otmica	noun	hbs	kidnapping	noun	eng
otok	noun	hbs	island	noun	eng
otpad	noun	hbs	refuse	noun	eng
otpad	noun	hbs	rubbish	noun	eng
otpad	noun	hbs	waste	noun	eng
otpor	noun	hbs	resistance	noun	eng
otpuštanje	noun	hbs	dismissal	noun	eng
otvaranje	noun	hbs	creation	noun	eng
otvaranje	noun	hbs	inauguration	noun	eng
otvaranje	noun	hbs	launch	noun	eng
otvaranje	noun	hbs	opening	noun	eng
otvorenost	noun	hbs	openness	noun	eng
ovčarstvo	noun	hbs	sheep husbandry	noun	eng
ovlaštenje	noun	hbs	authorisation	noun	eng
ozbiljnost	noun	hbs	seriousness	noun	eng
pacijent	noun	hbs	patient	noun	eng
nada	noun	hbs	hope	noun	eng
padež	noun	hbs	case	noun	eng
pad	noun	hbs	collapse	noun	eng
pad	noun	hbs	decline	noun	eng
pad	noun	hbs	drop	noun	eng
pad	noun	hbs	fall	noun	eng
paket	noun	hbs	package	noun	eng
pakt	noun	hbs	pact	noun	eng
pamuk	noun	hbs	cotton	noun	eng
panorama	noun	hbs	panorama	noun	eng
papa	noun	hbs	pope	noun	eng
papstvo	noun	hbs	papacy	noun	eng
paradajz	noun	hbs	tomato	noun	eng
parafiranje	noun	hbs	initialling	noun	eng
paraliziranje	noun	hbs	paralysation	noun	eng
paralizovanje	noun	hbs	paralysation	noun	eng
para	noun	hbs	couple	noun	eng
para	noun	hbs	money	noun	eng
para	noun	hbs	steam	noun	eng
parazitstvo	noun	hbs	parasitism	noun	eng
park	noun	hbs	park	noun	eng
parlamentarac	noun	hbs	member of parliament	noun	eng
parlament	noun	hbs	parliament	noun	eng
partija	noun	hbs	party	noun	eng
stranka	noun	hbs	party	noun	eng
partner	noun	hbs	partner	noun	eng
partnerstvo	noun	hbs	partnership	noun	eng
pasoš	noun	hbs	passport	noun	eng
pas	noun	hbs	dog	noun	eng
pas	noun	hbs	waist	noun	eng
pastor	noun	hbs	pastor	noun	eng
pastorstvo	noun	hbs	pastorship	noun	eng
patlidžan	noun	hbs	eggplant	noun	eng
patrijarh	noun	hbs	patriarch	noun	eng
pazar	noun	hbs	market	noun	eng
tržnica	noun	hbs	market	noun	eng
pčelarstvo	noun	hbs	beekeeping	noun	eng
pečarbarstvo	noun	hbs	foreign labour	noun	eng
pečatarstvo	noun	hbs	printing	noun	eng
pečat	noun	hbs	press	noun	eng
pečat	noun	hbs	stamp	noun	eng
pečenje	noun	hbs	baking	noun	eng
penzija	noun	hbs	pension	noun	eng
percepcija	noun	hbs	perception	noun	eng
period	noun	hbs	period	noun	eng
pero	noun	hbs	feather	noun	eng
personalizacija	noun	hbs	personalisation	noun	eng
perspektiva	noun	hbs	perspective	noun	eng
petak	noun	hbs	Friday	noun	eng
peticija	noun	hbs	petition	noun	eng
pijanstvo	noun	hbs	drunkenness	noun	eng
pijenje	noun	hbs	drinking	noun	eng
pijesak	noun	hbs	sand	noun	eng
pilot	noun	hbs	pilot	noun	eng
pionirstvo	noun	hbs	pioneering	noun	eng
piratstvo	noun	hbs	piracy	noun	eng
pisanje	noun	hbs	writing	noun	eng
pisarstvo	noun	hbs	scribing	noun	eng
papirologija	noun	hbs	paperwork	noun	eng
pismenost	noun	hbs	literacy	noun	eng
pismo	noun	hbs	letter	noun	eng
pitanje	noun	hbs	affair	noun	eng
pitanje	noun	hbs	issue	noun	eng
pitanje	noun	hbs	matter	noun	eng
pitanje	noun	hbs	question	noun	eng
pivo	noun	hbs	beer	noun	eng
pjesma	noun	hbs	song	noun	eng
pjevanje	noun	hbs	singing	noun	eng
plaćanje	noun	hbs	payment	noun	eng
planinarstvo	noun	hbs	mountain climbing	noun	eng
planina	noun	hbs	mountain	noun	eng
planiranje	noun	hbs	planning	noun	eng
plan	noun	hbs	plan	noun	eng
plaća	noun	hbs	pay	noun	eng
plaća	noun	hbs	salary	noun	eng
plaća	noun	hbs	wage	noun	eng
plata	noun	hbs	pay	noun	eng
plata	noun	hbs	salary	noun	eng
plata	noun	hbs	wage	noun	eng
platforma	noun	hbs	platform	noun	eng
plebejac	noun	hbs	plebeian	noun	eng
plebejstvo	noun	hbs	plebeianism	noun	eng
plemenitost	noun	hbs	nobility	noun	eng
plivanje	noun	hbs	swimming	noun	eng
plod	noun	hbs	fruit	noun	eng
plus	noun	hbs	plus	noun	eng
pobjeda	noun	hbs	victory	noun	eng
pobjednik	noun	hbs	winner	noun	eng
poboljšanje	noun	hbs	improvement	noun	eng
hodočašće	noun	hbs	pilgrimage	noun	eng
putovanje	noun	hbs	pilgrimage	noun	eng
putovanje	noun	hbs	voyage	noun	eng
pobožnost	noun	hbs	religiousness	noun	eng
početak	noun	hbs	beginning	noun	eng
početak	noun	hbs	start	noun	eng
podanstvo	noun	hbs	common people	noun	eng
podijeljenost	noun	hbs	division	noun	eng
podijeljenost	noun	hbs	split	noun	eng
podizanje	noun	hbs	raising	noun	eng
podjela	noun	hbs	division	noun	eng
podjela	noun	hbs	partition	noun	eng
podjela	noun	hbs	separation	noun	eng
podjela	noun	hbs	share	noun	eng
podjela	noun	hbs	split	noun	eng
ispitivanje	noun	hbs	examination	noun	eng
ispit	noun	hbs	exam	noun	eng
podlaganje	noun	hbs	lining	noun	eng
podnošenje	noun	hbs	submission	noun	eng
podrška	noun	hbs	support	noun	eng
podsekretar	noun	hbs	under secretary	noun	eng
podsticanje	noun	hbs	boosting	noun	eng
poticanje	noun	hbs	boosting	noun	eng
poduzeće	noun	hbs	business	noun	eng
poduzeće	noun	hbs	company	noun	eng
poduzeće	noun	hbs	enterprise	noun	eng
poduzeće	noun	hbs	firm	noun	eng
poduzeće	noun	hbs	retailer	noun	eng
poduzeće	noun	hbs	venture	noun	eng
bod	noun	hbs	point	noun	eng
poen	noun	hbs	point	noun	eng
poganstvo	noun	hbs	paganism	noun	eng
poglavlje	noun	hbs	chapter	noun	eng
poglavlje	noun	hbs	section	noun	eng
pogled	noun	hbs	view	noun	eng
pogoršanje	noun	hbs	deterioration	noun	eng
pogreb	noun	hbs	burial	noun	eng
pogreb	noun	hbs	funeral	noun	eng
pohlepa	noun	hbs	greed	noun	eng
pohlepnost	noun	hbs	greed	noun	eng
hvala	noun	hbs	praise	noun	eng
pohvala	noun	hbs	praise	noun	eng
pojavljivanje	noun	hbs	appearance	noun	eng
pojedinac	noun	hbs	individual	noun	eng
poklik	noun	hbs	cry	noun	eng
poklik	noun	hbs	shout	noun	eng
pokrajina	noun	hbs	province	noun	eng
pokretanje	noun	hbs	start	noun	eng
pokretanje	noun	hbs	initiation	noun	eng
pokrivanje	noun	hbs	coverage	noun	eng
pokroviteljstvo	noun	hbs	auspices	noun	eng
pokušaj	noun	hbs	try	noun	eng
polarizacija	noun	hbs	polarisation	noun	eng
policajac	noun	hbs	police officer	noun	eng
policajac	noun	hbs	policeman	noun	eng
policija	noun	hbs	police	noun	eng
političar	noun	hbs	politician	noun	eng
politikanstvo	noun	hbs	intrigue	noun	eng
politika	noun	hbs	policy	noun	eng
politika	noun	hbs	politics	noun	eng
politizacija	noun	hbs	politicisation	noun	eng
politiziranje	noun	hbs	politicisation	noun	eng
polje	noun	hbs	field	noun	eng
poljoprivreda	noun	hbs	agriculture	noun	eng
poljoprivreda	noun	hbs	farming	noun	eng
polovina	noun	hbs	half	noun	eng
položaj	noun	hbs	position	noun	eng
pol	noun	hbs	pole	noun	eng
polubožanstvo	noun	hbs	demigod	noun	eng
poluotok	noun	hbs	peninsula	noun	eng
pomaganje	noun	hbs	helping	noun	eng
pomaganje	noun	hbs	planning	noun	eng
plan	noun	hbs	plan	noun	eng
pomilovanje	noun	hbs	pardon	noun	eng
pomirivanje	noun	hbs	conciliation	noun	eng
pomirivanje	noun	hbs	reconciliation	noun	eng
pomoćnik	noun	hbs	aide	noun	eng
pomoćnik	noun	hbs	assistant	noun	eng
pomoć	noun	hbs	aid	noun	eng
pomoć	noun	hbs	assistance	noun	eng
pomoć	noun	hbs	help	noun	eng
pomoć	noun	hbs	support	noun	eng
ponašanje	noun	hbs	behaviour	noun	eng
ponašanje	noun	hbs	conduct	noun	eng
ponavljanje	noun	hbs	repetition	noun	eng
ponedjeljak	noun	hbs	Monday	noun	eng
poništavanje	noun	hbs	cancellation	noun	eng
poništavanje	noun	hbs	nullification	noun	eng
ponoć	noun	hbs	midnight	noun	eng
ponuda	noun	hbs	bid	noun	eng
ponuda	noun	hbs	offer	noun	eng
poplava	noun	hbs	flooding	noun	eng
poplava	noun	hbs	flood	noun	eng
pop	noun	hbs	priest	noun	eng
populacija	noun	hbs	population	noun	eng
popularizacija	noun	hbs	popularisation	noun	eng
popularnost	noun	hbs	popularity	noun	eng
porast	noun	hbs	growth	noun	eng
porast	noun	hbs	increase	noun	eng
porast	noun	hbs	rise	noun	eng
poraz	noun	hbs	defeat	noun	eng
poremećaj	noun	hbs	disorder	noun	eng
porijeklo	noun	hbs	background	noun	eng
porijeklo	noun	hbs	descent	noun	eng
porijeklo	noun	hbs	origin	noun	eng
porijeklo	noun	hbs	source	noun	eng
poruka	noun	hbs	message	noun	eng
posjedovanje	noun	hbs	ownership	noun	eng
posjedovanje	noun	hbs	possession	noun	eng
posjeta	noun	hbs	visit	noun	eng
posjetitelj	noun	hbs	visitor	noun	eng
posljedica	noun	hbs	consequence	noun	eng
posljedica	noun	hbs	effect	noun	eng
posljedica	noun	hbs	impact	noun	eng
posljedica	noun	hbs	implication	noun	eng
posljedica	noun	hbs	ramification	noun	eng
posljedica	noun	hbs	repercussion	noun	eng
posljedica	noun	hbs	result	noun	eng
poslovanje	noun	hbs	operation	noun	eng
posmatranje	noun	hbs	surveillance	noun	eng
posrednik	noun	hbs	intermediary	noun	eng
posrednik	noun	hbs	mediator	noun	eng
posredovanje	noun	hbs	mediation	noun	eng
posredstvo	noun	hbs	mediation	noun	eng
postavljanje	noun	hbs	installation	noun	eng
postavljenost	noun	hbs	deployment	noun	eng
pošteda	noun	hbs	preservation	noun	eng
poštenje	noun	hbs	honesty	noun	eng
postignuće	noun	hbs	achievement	noun	eng
postizanje	noun	hbs	achieving	noun	eng
postojanje	noun	hbs	existence	noun	eng
postojanost	noun	hbs	consistency	noun	eng
poštovanje	noun	hbs	esteem	noun	eng
poštovanje	noun	hbs	regard	noun	eng
poštovanje	noun	hbs	respect	noun	eng
počast	noun	hbs	tribute	noun	eng
post	noun	hbs	fast	noun	eng
pošta	noun	hbs	post	noun	eng
postupak	noun	hbs	action	noun	eng
postupak	noun	hbs	deed	noun	eng
postupak	noun	hbs	procedure	noun	eng
posvećenost	noun	hbs	commitment	noun	eng
potencijal	noun	hbs	potential	noun	eng
potez	noun	hbs	move	noun	eng
potez	noun	hbs	stroke	noun	eng
poticaj	noun	hbs	incentive	noun	eng
potjernica	noun	hbs	warrant	noun	eng
potkopavanje	noun	hbs	undermining	noun	eng
potomstvo	noun	hbs	offspring	noun	eng
potparolkinja	noun	hbs	spokesperson	noun	eng
potparolkinja	noun	hbs	spokeswoman	noun	eng
potpisivanje	noun	hbs	ceremony	noun	eng
potpis	noun	hbs	signature	noun	eng
potpremijer	noun	hbs	deputy prime minister	noun	eng
poručnik	noun	hbs	lieutenant	noun	eng
potpukovnik	noun	hbs	lieutenant colonel	noun	eng
potraga	noun	hbs	quest	noun	eng
potraga	noun	hbs	search	noun	eng
potreba	noun	hbs	need	noun	eng
potrošač	noun	hbs	consumer	noun	eng
potvrda	noun	hbs	confirmation	noun	eng
podržavanje	noun	hbs	upholding	noun	eng
potvrđivanje	noun	hbs	affirmation	noun	eng
povećanje	noun	hbs	increase	noun	eng
povećanje	noun	hbs	rise	noun	eng
povelja	noun	hbs	charter	noun	eng
povezanost	noun	hbs	association	noun	eng
povezanost	noun	hbs	connection	noun	eng
povezanost	noun	hbs	link	noun	eng
povezanost	noun	hbs	relationship	noun	eng
povezivanje	noun	hbs	connecting	noun	eng
povezivanje	noun	hbs	interconnection	noun	eng
povik	noun	hbs	call	noun	eng
povišenje	noun	hbs	increase	noun	eng
povjerenje	noun	hbs	confidence	noun	eng
povjerenje	noun	hbs	trust	noun	eng
povlačenje	noun	hbs	withdrawal	noun	eng
povod	noun	hbs	occasion	noun	eng
povod	noun	hbs	reason	noun	eng
povreda	noun	hbs	injury	noun	eng
povreda	noun	hbs	wound	noun	eng
površina	noun	hbs	area	noun	eng
povrtarstvo	noun	hbs	gardening	noun	eng
povrtlarstvo	noun	hbs	gardening	noun	eng
požar	noun	hbs	fire	noun	eng
pozerstvo	noun	hbs	pose	noun	eng
pozicija	noun	hbs	position	noun	eng
pozicioniranost	noun	hbs	location	noun	eng
poziv	noun	hbs	invitation	noun	eng
poziv	noun	hbs	summons	noun	eng
poznanstvo	noun	hbs	acquaintance	noun	eng
praćenje	noun	hbs	monitoring	noun	eng
praćenje	noun	hbs	surveillance	noun	eng
prag	noun	hbs	threshold	noun	eng
praksa	noun	hbs	practice	noun	eng
praktičnost	noun	hbs	practicality	noun	eng
pranje	noun	hbs	laundering	noun	eng
prašina	noun	hbs	dust	noun	eng
praskozorje	noun	hbs	dawn	noun	eng
pratnja	noun	hbs	escort	noun	eng
pravda	noun	hbs	justice	noun	eng
pravilo	noun	hbs	code	noun	eng
pravilo	noun	hbs	law	noun	eng
pravilo	noun	hbs	regulation	noun	eng
pravilo	noun	hbs	rule	noun	eng
pravljenje	noun	hbs	construction	noun	eng
pravobranitelj	noun	hbs	attorney	noun	eng
pravobranitelj	noun	hbs	ombudsman	noun	eng
pravo	noun	hbs	entitlement	noun	eng
pravo	noun	hbs	right	noun	eng
pravosuđe	noun	hbs	justice	noun	eng
praznik	noun	hbs	celebration	noun	eng
praznik	noun	hbs	holiday	noun	eng
prebačaj	noun	hbs	transfer	noun	eng
prebačaj	noun	hbs	transition	noun	eng
prebacivanje	noun	hbs	transfering	noun	eng
prebrojavanje	noun	hbs	counting	noun	eng
preciznost	noun	hbs	accuracy	noun	eng
preciznost	noun	hbs	precision	noun	eng
prečnik	noun	hbs	diameter	noun	eng
promjer	noun	hbs	diameter	noun	eng
precrtavanje	noun	hbs	copying	noun	eng
predanost	noun	hbs	commitment	noun	eng
predavanje	noun	hbs	lecture	noun	eng
predavanje	noun	hbs	lecturing	noun	eng
predaja	noun	hbs	surrender	noun	eng
predaja	noun	hbs	transfer	noun	eng
predgrađe	noun	hbs	outskirts	noun	eng
predmet	noun	hbs	subject	noun	eng
prednost	noun	hbs	advantage	noun	eng
prednost	noun	hbs	benefit	noun	eng
prednost	noun	hbs	edge	noun	eng
prednost	noun	hbs	lead	noun	eng
prednost	noun	hbs	advantage	noun	eng
predosjećaj	noun	hbs	premonition	noun	eng
predsjedateljka	noun	hbs	president	noun	eng
predsjednik	noun	hbs	president	noun	eng
predsjedništvo	noun	hbs	presidency	noun	eng
predstavljanje	noun	hbs	inauguration	noun	eng
predstavljanje	noun	hbs	introduction	noun	eng
predstavljanje	noun	hbs	presentation	noun	eng
predstavljanje	noun	hbs	representation	noun	eng
preduslov	noun	hbs	condition	noun	eng
preduslov	noun	hbs	prerequisite	noun	eng
preduslov	noun	hbs	requirement	noun	eng
predviđanje	noun	hbs	forecast	noun	eng
predviđanje	noun	hbs	prediction	noun	eng
predviđanje	noun	hbs	projection	noun	eng
predvidljivost	noun	hbs	predictability	noun	eng
preferencija	noun	hbs	preference	noun	eng
preglašavanje	noun	hbs	revote	noun	eng
pregled	noun	hbs	check	noun	eng
pregled	noun	hbs	checkup	noun	eng
pregled	noun	hbs	review	noun	eng
pregovarač	noun	hbs	negotiator	noun	eng
pregovor	noun	hbs	negotiation	noun	eng
pregrijavanje	noun	hbs	overheating	noun	eng
pregrupiranje	noun	hbs	regrouping	noun	eng
preimenovanje	noun	hbs	renaming	noun	eng
prekidanje	noun	hbs	suspension	noun	eng
prekretnica	noun	hbs	milestone	noun	eng
prekršaj	noun	hbs	offence	noun	eng
prekvalifikacija	noun	hbs	prequalification	noun	eng
prelokacija	noun	hbs	reallocation	noun	eng
premijer	noun	hbs	deputy prime minister	noun	eng
premijer	noun	hbs	premier	noun	eng
premijer	noun	hbs	prime minister	noun	eng
premijerstvo	noun	hbs	premiership	noun	eng
premještanje	noun	hbs	removal	noun	eng
premlaćivanje	noun	hbs	beating	noun	eng
prenatrpanost	noun	hbs	overcrowding	noun	eng
prenošenje	noun	hbs	transfer	noun	eng
preokupacija	noun	hbs	preoccupation	noun	eng
preorijentacija	noun	hbs	reorientation	noun	eng
preosveštenstvo	noun	hbs	grace	noun	eng
preporuka	noun	hbs	recommendation	noun	eng
presedan	noun	hbs	precedent	noun	eng
preseljavanje	noun	hbs	resettlement	noun	eng
prestajanje	noun	hbs	cessation	noun	eng
prestanak	noun	hbs	halt	noun	eng
prestanak	noun	hbs	stop	noun	eng
presuda	noun	hbs	conviction	noun	eng
presuda	noun	hbs	judgement	noun	eng
presuda	noun	hbs	judgment	noun	eng
presuda	noun	hbs	sentence	noun	eng
presuda	noun	hbs	verdict	noun	eng
prethodnik	noun	hbs	precursor	noun	eng
prethodnik	noun	hbs	predecessor	noun	eng
pretraživanje	noun	hbs	search	noun	eng
predsjedanje	noun	hbs	presidency	noun	eng
predsjedateljstvo	noun	hbs	presidency	noun	eng
predsjetadelj	noun	hbs	chairman	noun	eng
pretsjedanje	noun	hbs	presidency	noun	eng
pretsjedateljstvo	noun	hbs	presidency	noun	eng
pretsjetadelj	noun	hbs	chairman	noun	eng
pretvaranje	noun	hbs	pretense	noun	eng
preustrojstvo	noun	hbs	reorganisation	noun	eng
preuzimanje	noun	hbs	download	noun	eng
preuzvišenost	noun	hbs	highness	noun	eng
prevencija	noun	hbs	prevention	noun	eng
prevrtanje	noun	hbs	overturn	noun	eng
prezentacija	noun	hbs	presentation	noun	eng
prezumpcija	noun	hbs	presumption	noun	eng
približavanje	noun	hbs	approach	noun	eng
približavanje	noun	hbs	nearing	noun	eng
prihod	noun	hbs	income	noun	eng
prihod	noun	hbs	revenue	noun	eng
prihvaćanje	noun	hbs	acceptance	noun	eng
prijateljstvo	noun	hbs	friendship	noun	eng
prijedlog	noun	hbs	blueprint	noun	eng
prijedlog	noun	hbs	draft	noun	eng
prijedlog	noun	hbs	motion	noun	eng
prijedlog	noun	hbs	proposal	noun	eng
prijedlog	noun	hbs	suggestion	noun	eng
prijelaz	noun	hbs	crossing	noun	eng
prijelaz	noun	hbs	defection	noun	eng
prijelom	noun	hbs	breach	noun	eng
prijem	noun	hbs	accession	noun	eng
prijem	noun	hbs	admission	noun	eng
prijem	noun	hbs	receipt	noun	eng
prijem	noun	hbs	reception	noun	eng
prijenos	noun	hbs	transmission	noun	eng
prijetnja	noun	hbs	threat	noun	eng
priključivanje	noun	hbs	joining	noun	eng
priključivanje	noun	hbs	membership	noun	eng
prikrivanje	noun	hbs	cover-up	noun	eng
prilagođavanje	noun	hbs	adjustment	noun	eng
priljev	noun	hbs	flow	noun	eng
primanje	noun	hbs	acceptance	noun	eng
primanje	noun	hbs	reception	noun	eng
primanje	noun	hbs	receiving	noun	eng
primjena	noun	hbs	application	noun	eng
primjer	noun	hbs	example	noun	eng
primjer	noun	hbs	instance	noun	eng
primjer	noun	hbs	model	noun	eng
princip	noun	hbs	principle	noun	eng
prioritet	noun	hbs	priority	noun	eng
pripadnik	noun	hbs	member	noun	eng
pripadnost	noun	hbs	membership	noun	eng
pripajanje	noun	hbs	annexation	noun	eng
uvježbanost	noun	hbs	fitness	noun	eng
prikladnost	noun	hbs	fitness	noun	eng
pripravnost	noun	hbs	readiness	noun	eng
pripravnost	noun	hbs	willingness	noun	eng
pripremanje	noun	hbs	preparing	noun	eng
priprema	noun	hbs	preparation	noun	eng
priroda	noun	hbs	nature	noun	eng
prisluškivanje	noun	hbs	phone tap	noun	eng
prisluškivanje	noun	hbs	wiretap	noun	eng
prisluškivanje	noun	hbs	eavesdropping	noun	eng
pristanište	noun	hbs	pier	noun	eng
pristanište	noun	hbs	quay	noun	eng
pristizanje	noun	hbs	arrival	noun	eng
pristizanje	noun	hbs	landing	noun	eng
pristranost	noun	hbs	bias	noun	eng
pristupačnost	noun	hbs	accessibility	noun	eng
pristupanje	noun	hbs	accession	noun	eng
pristupanje	noun	hbs	addition	noun	eng
pristup	noun	hbs	accession	noun	eng
pristup	noun	hbs	access	noun	eng
pristup	noun	hbs	admission	noun	eng
pristup	noun	hbs	approach	noun	eng
pristup	noun	hbs	attitude	noun	eng
pristup	noun	hbs	entry	noun	eng
prisustvo	noun	hbs	presence	noun	eng
pritisak	noun	hbs	pressure	noun	eng
pritvor	noun	hbs	custody	noun	eng
pritvor	noun	hbs	detention	noun	eng
privatizacija	noun	hbs	privatisation	noun	eng
privlačenje	noun	hbs	attraction	noun	eng
privrženost	noun	hbs	allegiance	noun	eng
priznanje	noun	hbs	acknowledgement	noun	eng
priznanje	noun	hbs	admission	noun	eng
priznanje	noun	hbs	confession	noun	eng
priznanje	noun	hbs	recognition	noun	eng
priznatost	noun	hbs	recognition	noun	eng
priznavanje	noun	hbs	acknowledgement	noun	eng
priznavanje	noun	hbs	recognition	noun	eng
prkos	noun	hbs	spite	noun	eng
postojanost	noun	hbs	persistence	noun	eng
problem	noun	hbs	concern	noun	eng
problem	noun	hbs	difficulty	noun	eng
problem	noun	hbs	issue	noun	eng
problem	noun	hbs	problem	noun	eng
problem	noun	hbs	trouble	noun	eng
procedura	noun	hbs	procedure	noun	eng
postotak	noun	hbs	percentage	noun	eng
procent	noun	hbs	percentage	noun	eng
proces	noun	hbs	process	noun	eng
procjena	noun	hbs	assessment	noun	eng
procjena	noun	hbs	estimate	noun	eng
procjena	noun	hbs	evaluation	noun	eng
procjep	noun	hbs	gap	noun	eng
prodaja	noun	hbs	sale	noun	eng
prodavanje	noun	hbs	selling	noun	eng
prodavaonica	noun	hbs	shop	noun	eng
prodavaonica	noun	hbs	store	noun	eng
prodavnica	noun	hbs	shop	noun	eng
prodavnica	noun	hbs	store	noun	eng
produbljivanje	noun	hbs	deepening	noun	eng
produkcija	noun	hbs	production	noun	eng
produktivnost	noun	hbs	productivity	noun	eng
produživanje	noun	hbs	continuation	noun	eng
produživanje	noun	hbs	extension	noun	eng
produživanje	noun	hbs	resumption	noun	eng
profesionalizacija	noun	hbs	professionalisation	noun	eng
profesor	noun	hbs	professor	noun	eng
profesorstvo	noun	hbs	professorship	noun	eng
profil	noun	hbs	profile	noun	eng
profit	noun	hbs	profit	noun	eng
proglašavanje	noun	hbs	proclamation	noun	eng
prognoziranje	noun	hbs	prognosing	noun	eng
prognoza	noun	hbs	prognosis	noun	eng
progon	noun	hbs	persecution	noun	eng
program	noun	hbs	programme	noun	eng
proizvođač	noun	hbs	maker	noun	eng
proizvođač	noun	hbs	manufacturer	noun	eng
proizvođač	noun	hbs	producer	noun	eng
proizvodnja	noun	hbs	production	noun	eng
proizvodnost	noun	hbs	manufacturing	noun	eng
proizvod	noun	hbs	good	noun	eng
proizvod	noun	hbs	product	noun	eng
projekcija	noun	hbs	projection	noun	eng
projektil	noun	hbs	missile	noun	eng
projektil	noun	hbs	projectile	noun	eng
projektil	noun	hbs	rocket	noun	eng
projektiranje	noun	hbs	design	noun	eng
projekt	noun	hbs	project	noun	eng
proklamacija	noun	hbs	proclamation	noun	eng
prokletstvo	noun	hbs	curse	noun	eng
proliferacija	noun	hbs	proliferation	noun	eng
proljeće	noun	hbs	spring	noun	eng
proljeće	noun	hbs	springtime	noun	eng
prolongiranje	noun	hbs	prolonging	noun	eng
promjena	noun	hbs	change	noun	eng
promjena	noun	hbs	shift	noun	eng
promocija	noun	hbs	promotion	noun	eng
promoviranje	noun	hbs	promotion	noun	eng
pronalaženje	noun	hbs	locating	noun	eng
pronevjera	noun	hbs	embezzlement	noun	eng
proporcija	noun	hbs	proportion	noun	eng
proporcija	noun	hbs	ratio	noun	eng
prorok	noun	hbs	prophet	noun	eng
proširivanje	noun	hbs	spread	noun	eng
proširivanje	noun	hbs	spreading	noun	eng
prosperitet	noun	hbs	prosperity	noun	eng
prostitucija	noun	hbs	prostitution	noun	eng
prostor	noun	hbs	area	noun	eng
prostor	noun	hbs	room	noun	eng
prostor	noun	hbs	space	noun	eng
prostranstvo	noun	hbs	expanse	noun	eng
prosvjetiteljstvo	noun	hbs	enlightenment	noun	eng
protestantizam	noun	hbs	protestantism	noun	eng
protest	noun	hbs	protest	noun	eng
protivljenje	noun	hbs	objection	noun	eng
protivljenje	noun	hbs	opposition	noun	eng
protivnik	noun	hbs	rival	noun	eng
protjecanje	noun	hbs	leak	noun	eng
protjerivanje	noun	hbs	expulsion	noun	eng
protokol	noun	hbs	protocol	noun	eng
protukandidat	noun	hbs	opposition candidate	noun	eng
protumjera	noun	hbs	counteraction	noun	eng
proučavanje	noun	hbs	study	noun	eng
provincija	noun	hbs	province	noun	eng
provjera	noun	hbs	check	noun	eng
provjera	noun	hbs	inspection	noun	eng
provjera	noun	hbs	review	noun	eng
provjera	noun	hbs	screening	noun	eng
provođenje	noun	hbs	implementation	noun	eng
provokacija	noun	hbs	provocation	noun	eng
provociranje	noun	hbs	provocation	noun	eng
provokovanje	noun	hbs	provocation	noun	eng
prvenstvo	noun	hbs	championship	noun	eng
prvenstvo	noun	hbs	cup	noun	eng
prvenstvo	noun	hbs	tournament	noun	eng
ptica	noun	hbs	bird	noun	eng
publikacija	noun	hbs	publication	noun	eng
publika	noun	hbs	public	noun	eng
pucanje	noun	hbs	shooting	noun	eng
pukovnik	noun	hbs	colonel	noun	eng
punkt	noun	hbs	point	noun	eng
punoljetnost	noun	hbs	adulthood	noun	eng
puritanac	noun	hbs	puritan	noun	eng
puritanizam	noun	hbs	puritanism	noun	eng
pušenje	noun	hbs	smoking	noun	eng
puška	noun	hbs	gun	noun	eng
puška	noun	hbs	rifle	noun	eng
putnik	noun	hbs	passenger	noun	eng
putnik	noun	hbs	traveller	noun	eng
putovanje	noun	hbs	journey	noun	eng
putovanje	noun	hbs	travel time	noun	eng
putovanje	noun	hbs	travel	noun	eng
putovanje	noun	hbs	trip	noun	eng
put	noun	hbs	way	noun	eng
racija	noun	hbs	raid	noun	eng
racionalizacija	noun	hbs	rationalisation	noun	eng
racionalizacija	noun	hbs	streamlining	noun	eng
racionalizatorstvo	noun	hbs	rationalisation	noun	eng
racionaliziranje	noun	hbs	rationalisation	noun	eng
racionalnost	noun	hbs	rationality	noun	eng
računovodstvo	noun	hbs	accounting	noun	eng
račun	noun	hbs	account	noun	eng
račun	noun	hbs	bill	noun	eng
račun	noun	hbs	consideration	noun	eng
radijacija	noun	hbs	radiation	noun	eng
radikalizacija	noun	hbs	radicalisation	noun	eng
radioaktivnost	noun	hbs	radioactivity	noun	eng
radiodifuzija	noun	hbs	radio broadcast	noun	eng
radio	noun	hbs	radio	noun	eng
radnik	noun	hbs	employee	noun	eng
radnik	noun	hbs	worker	noun	eng
radost	noun	hbs	joy	noun	eng
radoznalost	noun	hbs	curiosity	noun	eng
rad	noun	hbs	job	noun	eng
rad	noun	hbs	work	noun	eng
rafinerija	noun	hbs	refinery	noun	eng
rafiniranje	noun	hbs	refining	noun	eng
rak	noun	hbs	cancer	noun	eng
rak	noun	hbs	crab	noun	eng
rangiranje	noun	hbs	rating	noun	eng
rang	noun	hbs	rank	noun	eng
raščišćavanje	noun	hbs	clearance	noun	eng
raspisivanje	noun	hbs	demand	noun	eng
raspolaganje	noun	hbs	disposal	noun	eng
raspoređivanje	noun	hbs	deployment	noun	eng
raspored	noun	hbs	schedule	noun	eng
raspored	noun	hbs	timetable	noun	eng
raspra	noun	hbs	argument	noun	eng
raspra	noun	hbs	controversy	noun	eng
raspra	noun	hbs	dispute	noun	eng
raspra	noun	hbs	rift	noun	eng
raspra	noun	hbs	row	noun	eng
rasprava	noun	hbs	debate	noun	eng
rasprava	noun	hbs	discussion	noun	eng
rasprostranjenost	noun	hbs	prevalence	noun	eng
rast	noun	hbs	growth	noun	eng
ratarstvo	noun	hbs	farming	noun	eng
ratifikacija	noun	hbs	ratification	noun	eng
ratifikovanje	noun	hbs	ratification	noun	eng
rating	noun	hbs	rating	noun	eng
ratobornost	noun	hbs	militancy	noun	eng
rat	noun	hbs	war	noun	eng
ravnodušnost	noun	hbs	indifference	noun	eng
ravnopravnost	noun	hbs	equality	noun	eng
razaznavanje	noun	hbs	discerning	noun	eng
razbijanje	noun	hbs	breaking	noun	eng
razboj	noun	hbs	loom	noun	eng
razboj	noun	hbs	battlefield	noun	eng
razboj	noun	hbs	warfare	noun	eng
razboj	noun	hbs	burglary	noun	eng
razdražljivost	noun	hbs	petulance	noun	eng
razgledavanje	noun	hbs	sightseeing	noun	eng
razgledavanje	noun	hbs	sightseeing tour	noun	eng
razglednica	noun	hbs	card	noun	eng
razglednica	noun	hbs	postcard	noun	eng
razgovor	noun	hbs	conversation	noun	eng
razgovor	noun	hbs	discussion	noun	eng
razgovor	noun	hbs	talk	noun	eng
razjašnjivanje	noun	hbs	clarification	noun	eng
različitost	noun	hbs	difference	noun	eng
različitost	noun	hbs	diversity	noun	eng
razlika	noun	hbs	contrast	noun	eng
razlika	noun	hbs	difference	noun	eng
razlika	noun	hbs	disparity	noun	eng
razlika	noun	hbs	distinction	noun	eng
razlika	noun	hbs	gap	noun	eng
razlika	noun	hbs	margin	noun	eng
razmjena	noun	hbs	exchange	noun	eng
razmnožavanje	noun	hbs	reproduction	noun	eng
raznolikost	noun	hbs	diversity	noun	eng
razočaranje	noun	hbs	disappointment	noun	eng
razočaranost	noun	hbs	disappointment	noun	eng
razrješavanje	noun	hbs	dismissal	noun	eng
razumijevanje	noun	hbs	understanding	noun	eng
razvijanje	noun	hbs	development	noun	eng
readmisija	noun	hbs	readmission	noun	eng
reakcija	noun	hbs	reaction	noun	eng
reakcija	noun	hbs	response	noun	eng
reakcionerstvo	noun	hbs	reaction	noun	eng
reaktor	noun	hbs	reactor	noun	eng
realizacija	noun	hbs	realisation	noun	eng
realiziranje	noun	hbs	realisation	noun	eng
realizovanje	noun	hbs	realisation	noun	eng
realnost	noun	hbs	reality	noun	eng
recikliranje	noun	hbs	recycling	noun	eng
redakcija	noun	hbs	redaction	noun	eng
redatelj	noun	hbs	director	noun	eng
redistribucija	noun	hbs	redistribution	noun	eng
red	noun	hbs	layer	noun	eng
red	noun	hbs	order	noun	eng
red	noun	hbs	rank	noun	eng
red	noun	hbs	row	noun	eng
redukcija	noun	hbs	reduction	noun	eng
referendum	noun	hbs	plebiscite	noun	eng
referendum	noun	hbs	referendum	noun	eng
refinanciranje	noun	hbs	refinancing	noun	eng
reforma	noun	hbs	reform	noun	eng
reformiranje	noun	hbs	reform	noun	eng
regeneracija	noun	hbs	regeneration	noun	eng
regentstvo	noun	hbs	regent	noun	eng
regija	noun	hbs	region	noun	eng
region	noun	hbs	region	noun	eng
registracija	noun	hbs	registration	noun	eng
registriranje	noun	hbs	registration	noun	eng
registrovanje	noun	hbs	registration	noun	eng
regrutacija	noun	hbs	recruitment	noun	eng
regrutiranje	noun	hbs	recruitment	noun	eng
regrutovanje	noun	hbs	recruitment	noun	eng
regulacija	noun	hbs	regulation	noun	eng
regulativa	noun	hbs	legislation	noun	eng
regulativa	noun	hbs	regulation	noun	eng
regulativa	noun	hbs	rule	noun	eng
regulisanje	noun	hbs	regulation	noun	eng
rehabilitacija	noun	hbs	rehabilitation	noun	eng
reintegracija	noun	hbs	reintegration	noun	eng
reintegriranje	noun	hbs	reintegration	noun	eng
reketiranje	noun	hbs	racketeering	noun	eng
reklamiranje	noun	hbs	marketing	noun	eng
rekonfiguracija	noun	hbs	reconfiguration	noun	eng
rekonstrukcija	noun	hbs	reconstruction	noun	eng
rekord	noun	hbs	record	noun	eng
rekreacija	noun	hbs	recreation	noun	eng
relacija	noun	hbs	relation	noun	eng
relaksacija	noun	hbs	relaxation	noun	eng
religija	noun	hbs	religion	noun	eng
relokacija	noun	hbs	relocation	noun	eng
regeneracija	noun	hbs	regeneration	noun	eng
renegat	noun	hbs	renegade	noun	eng
renegatstvo	noun	hbs	renegading	noun	eng
renesansa	noun	hbs	renaissance	noun	eng
renoviranje	noun	hbs	renovation	noun	eng
rentijerstvo	noun	hbs	loaning	noun	eng
reorganizacija	noun	hbs	reorganisation	noun	eng
reorganiziranje	noun	hbs	reorganisation	noun	eng
reparacija	noun	hbs	reparation	noun	eng
repatrijacija	noun	hbs	repatriation	noun	eng
repatriranje	noun	hbs	repatriation	noun	eng
reporterstvo	noun	hbs	reportership	noun	eng
reprezentacija	noun	hbs	national team	noun	eng
reprezentacija	noun	hbs	representation	noun	eng
reprodukcija	noun	hbs	reproduction	noun	eng
rep	noun	hbs	tail	noun	eng
republika	noun	hbs	republic	noun	eng
reputacija	noun	hbs	reputation	noun	eng
restart	noun	hbs	resumption	noun	eng
restauracija	noun	hbs	restaurant	noun	eng
restauracija	noun	hbs	restoration	noun	eng
restauriranje	noun	hbs	restoration	noun	eng
restitucija	noun	hbs	restitution	noun	eng
restoran	noun	hbs	restaurant	noun	eng
restrikcija	noun	hbs	restriction	noun	eng
restrukturiranje	noun	hbs	reconfiguration	noun	eng
restrukturiranje	noun	hbs	restructuring	noun	eng
restrukturisanje	noun	hbs	reconfiguration	noun	eng
restrukturisanje	noun	hbs	restructuring	noun	eng
resurs	noun	hbs	resource	noun	eng
retifikacija	noun	hbs	rectification	noun	eng
retorika	noun	hbs	rhetoric	noun	eng
reunifikacija	noun	hbs	reunification	noun	eng
revidiranje	noun	hbs	revision	noun	eng
revitalizacija	noun	hbs	revitalisation	noun	eng
revizija	noun	hbs	audit	noun	eng
revizija	noun	hbs	review	noun	eng
revizija	noun	hbs	revision	noun	eng
revolucija	noun	hbs	revolution	noun	eng
revolucionerstvo	noun	hbs	revolutionaryship	noun	eng
rezbarstvo	noun	hbs	wood carving	noun	eng
rezerva	noun	hbs	reserve	noun	eng
rezerviranost	noun	hbs	reservation	noun	eng
rezidencija	noun	hbs	residence	noun	eng
režija	noun	hbs	direction	noun	eng
režim	noun	hbs	regime	noun	eng
rezolucija	noun	hbs	resolution	noun	eng
rezultat	noun	hbs	result	noun	eng
ribarstvo	noun	hbs	fishing	noun	eng
riba	noun	hbs	chick	noun	eng
riba	noun	hbs	fish	noun	eng
ribolov	noun	hbs	fishing	noun	eng
riječ	noun	hbs	word	noun	eng
riječ	noun	hbs	word	noun	eng
rijeka	noun	hbs	river	noun	eng
rijetkost	noun	hbs	rarity	noun	eng
ris	noun	hbs	lynx	noun	eng
rizik	noun	hbs	risk	noun	eng
rječnik	noun	hbs	dictionary	noun	eng
rječnik	noun	hbs	vocabulary	noun	eng
rješavanje	noun	hbs	resolution	noun	eng
rješavanje	noun	hbs	settlement	noun	eng
rješavanje	noun	hbs	solution	noun	eng
rješenje	noun	hbs	answer	noun	eng
rješenje	noun	hbs	resolution	noun	eng
rješenje	noun	hbs	settlement	noun	eng
rješenje	noun	hbs	solution	noun	eng
riješenost	noun	hbs	commitment	noun	eng
riješenost	noun	hbs	decisiveness	noun	eng
riješenost	noun	hbs	determination	noun	eng
riješenost	noun	hbs	resolve	noun	eng
robovlasništvo	noun	hbs	slavery	noun	eng
ročište	noun	hbs	hearing	noun	eng
roditelj	noun	hbs	parent	noun	eng
roditeljstvo	noun	hbs	parenthood	noun	eng
rod	noun	hbs	cousin	noun	eng
rod	noun	hbs	relative	noun	eng
rod	noun	hbs	gender	noun	eng
rog	noun	hbs	horn	noun	eng
rok	noun	hbs	deadline	noun	eng
rok	noun	hbs	period	noun	eng
roman	noun	hbs	novel	noun	eng
rom	noun	hbs	Romany	noun	eng
ropstvo	noun	hbs	slavery	noun	eng
rotacija	noun	hbs	rotation	noun	eng
roždestvo	noun	hbs	Christmas	noun	eng
ručni rad	noun	hbs	handicraft	noun	eng
rudarstvo	noun	hbs	mining	noun	eng
ruka	noun	hbs	arm	noun	eng
ruka	noun	hbs	hand	noun	eng
rukovođenje	noun	hbs	management	noun	eng
rukovodstvo	noun	hbs	direction	noun	eng
rukovodstvo	noun	hbs	leadership	noun	eng
rumunj	noun	hbs	Romanian	noun	eng
runda	noun	hbs	round	noun	eng
rusofobstvo	noun	hbs	Russophobia	noun	eng
sablažnjavanje	noun	hbs	offence	noun	eng
saboterstvo	noun	hbs	sabotage	noun	eng
saglasnost	noun	hbs	accord	noun	eng
saglasnost	noun	hbs	agreement	noun	eng
saglasnost	noun	hbs	consent	noun	eng
suglasnost	noun	hbs	accord	noun	eng
suglasnost	noun	hbs	agreement	noun	eng
suglasnost	noun	hbs	consent	noun	eng
sajam	noun	hbs	exhibition	noun	eng
sajam	noun	hbs	fair	noun	eng
sajam	noun	hbs	show	noun	eng
sankcija	noun	hbs	sanction	noun	eng
šaljivost	noun	hbs	lightheartedness	noun	eng
šal	noun	hbs	scarf	noun	eng
šal	noun	hbs	shawl	noun	eng
samaritanstvo	noun	hbs	Samaritanism	noun	eng
samit	noun	hbs	summit	noun	eng
samoidentifikacija	noun	hbs	self-identification	noun	eng
samoizolacija	noun	hbs	self-isolation	noun	eng
samomotivacija	noun	hbs	self-motivation	noun	eng
samoodrživost	noun	hbs	self-preservation	noun	eng
samoodređenje	noun	hbs	self-determination	noun	eng
samoopredjeljivanje	noun	hbs	self-determination	noun	eng
samoraspuštanje	noun	hbs	self-dissolution	noun	eng
samostalnost	noun	hbs	self-rule	noun	eng
samoubistvo	noun	hbs	suicide	noun	eng
samoubojstvo	noun	hbs	suicide	noun	eng
samouprava	noun	hbs	self-government	noun	eng
samouvjerenost	noun	hbs	confidence	noun	eng
samozadovoljstvo	noun	hbs	self-satisfaction	noun	eng
šampion	noun	hbs	champion	noun	eng
šansa	noun	hbs	chance	noun	eng
šansa	noun	hbs	opportunity	noun	eng
šansa	noun	hbs	prospect	noun	eng
promet	noun	hbs	traffic	noun	eng
saobraćaj	noun	hbs	traffic	noun	eng
priopćenje	noun	hbs	announcement	noun	eng
priopćenje	noun	hbs	press release	noun	eng
priopćenje	noun	hbs	statement	noun	eng
saopćenje	noun	hbs	announcement	noun	eng
saopćenje	noun	hbs	press release	noun	eng
saopćenje	noun	hbs	statement	noun	eng
saopštenje	noun	hbs	announcement	noun	eng
saopštenje	noun	hbs	press release	noun	eng
saopštenje	noun	hbs	statement	noun	eng
saradnja	noun	hbs	collaboration	noun	eng
saradnja	noun	hbs	co-operation	noun	eng
saradnja	noun	hbs	cooperation	noun	eng
suradnja	noun	hbs	collaboration	noun	eng
suradnja	noun	hbs	co-operation	noun	eng
suradnja	noun	hbs	cooperation	noun	eng
šarlatanstvo	noun	hbs	quackery	noun	eng
saslušanje	noun	hbs	questioning	noun	eng
sastajanje	noun	hbs	meeting	noun	eng
sastanak	noun	hbs	meeting	noun	eng
sastavljanje	noun	hbs	assembling	noun	eng
sastavljanje	noun	hbs	formation	noun	eng
sastav	noun	hbs	band	noun	eng
sastav	noun	hbs	composition	noun	eng
sastav	noun	hbs	make up	noun	eng
saveznik	noun	hbs	ally	noun	eng
saveznik	noun	hbs	supporter	noun	eng
savez	noun	hbs	alliance	noun	eng
savez	noun	hbs	union	noun	eng
savjetnik	noun	hbs	adviser	noun	eng
savjetnik	noun	hbs	advisor	noun	eng
savjetnik	noun	hbs	councillor	noun	eng
savjet	noun	hbs	advice	noun	eng
savjet	noun	hbs	council	noun	eng
savršenstvo	noun	hbs	perfection	noun	eng
saziv	noun	hbs	convocation	noun	eng
scenarij	noun	hbs	scenario	noun	eng
scenario	noun	hbs	scenario	noun	eng
scena	noun	hbs	scene	noun	eng
scena	noun	hbs	stage	noun	eng
šećer	noun	hbs	sugar	noun	eng
šef	noun	hbs	boss	noun	eng
šef	noun	hbs	chief	noun	eng
šef	noun	hbs	head	noun	eng
sekcija	noun	hbs	section	noun	eng
sekretar	noun	hbs	secretary	noun	eng
sekretarstvo	noun	hbs	secretariat	noun	eng
sektor	noun	hbs	sector	noun	eng
sekularizam	noun	hbs	secularism	noun	eng
selekcija	noun	hbs	selection	noun	eng
selo	noun	hbs	village	noun	eng
seminar	noun	hbs	seminar	noun	eng
senzacija	noun	hbs	sensation	noun	eng
rujan	noun	hbs	September	noun	eng
septembar	noun	hbs	September	noun	eng
serija	noun	hbs	series	noun	eng
servis	noun	hbs	service	noun	eng
sestra	noun	hbs	sister	noun	eng
sestrinstvo	noun	hbs	sisterhood	noun	eng
sezona	noun	hbs	season	noun	eng
shodnost	noun	hbs	suitability	noun	eng
šiba	noun	hbs	cane	noun	eng
šiba	noun	hbs	rod	noun	eng
šiba	noun	hbs	stick	noun	eng
sida	noun	hbs	AIDS	noun	eng
signalizacija	noun	hbs	signage	noun	eng
signal	noun	hbs	signal	noun	eng
signal	noun	hbs	sign	noun	eng
sigurnost	noun	hbs	safety	noun	eng
sigurnost	noun	hbs	security	noun	eng
šija	noun	hbs	neck	noun	eng
sila	noun	hbs	force	noun	eng
sila	noun	hbs	power	noun	eng
sila	noun	hbs	strength	noun	eng
sila	noun	hbs	troop	noun	eng
vrlina	noun	hbs	virtue	noun	eng
silovanje	noun	hbs	rape	noun	eng
simbol	noun	hbs	symbol	noun	eng
simuliranje	noun	hbs	simulation	noun	eng
sindikat	noun	hbs	trade union	noun	eng
sindikat	noun	hbs	union	noun	eng
sinoubistvo	noun	hbs	filicide	noun	eng
sinoubojstvo	noun	hbs	filicide	noun	eng
sin	noun	hbs	son	noun	eng
širenje	noun	hbs	dissemination	noun	eng
širenje	noun	hbs	spreading	noun	eng
širenje	noun	hbs	spread	noun	eng
siroče	noun	hbs	orphan	noun	eng
siromaštvo	noun	hbs	poverty	noun	eng
sir	noun	hbs	cheese	noun	eng
sistem	noun	hbs	system	noun	eng
situacija	noun	hbs	situation	noun	eng
sjećanje	noun	hbs	rememberance	noun	eng
sjedište	noun	hbs	headquarters	noun	eng
sjedište	noun	hbs	place	noun	eng
sjedište	noun	hbs	seat	noun	eng
sjednica	noun	hbs	meeting	noun	eng
sjednica	noun	hbs	session	noun	eng
sjemenarstvo	noun	hbs	seed production	noun	eng
sjeme	noun	hbs	seed	noun	eng
sjever	noun	hbs	north	noun	eng
ljestvica	noun	hbs	scale	noun	eng
skala	noun	hbs	scale	noun	eng
skandal	noun	hbs	scandal	noun	eng
skijanje	noun	hbs	skiing	noun	eng
skladištenje	noun	hbs	storing	noun	eng
skladište	noun	hbs	depot	noun	eng
sklonost	noun	hbs	propensity	noun	eng
skrbništvo	noun	hbs	guardianship	noun	eng
skrivanje	noun	hbs	hiding	noun	eng
skupljanje	noun	hbs	collection	noun	eng
skupocjenost	noun	hbs	value	noun	eng
slabost	noun	hbs	weakness	noun	eng
slastičarstvo	noun	hbs	confectionery	noun	eng
slijepa ulica	noun	hbs	deadlock	noun	eng
slijepa ulica	noun	hbs	impasse	noun	eng
slijepa ulica	noun	hbs	stalemate	noun	eng
slijetanje	noun	hbs	landing	noun	eng
slika	noun	hbs	picture	noun	eng
sloboda	noun	hbs	freedom	noun	eng
slovenofilstvo	noun	hbs	Slavophilia	noun	eng
slovenofobstvo	noun	hbs	Slovenophobia	noun	eng
slovo	noun	hbs	letter	noun	eng
slovo	noun	hbs	type	noun	eng
slučajnost	noun	hbs	accident	noun	eng
slučaj	noun	hbs	case	noun	eng
slušanje	noun	hbs	listening	noun	eng
služba	noun	hbs	employment	noun	eng
služba	noun	hbs	service	noun	eng
službenik	noun	hbs	civil servant	noun	eng
službenik	noun	hbs	employee	noun	eng
službenik	noun	hbs	officer	noun	eng
službenik	noun	hbs	official	noun	eng
smanjenje	noun	hbs	cut	noun	eng
smanjenje	noun	hbs	decline	noun	eng
smanjenje	noun	hbs	decrease	noun	eng
smanjenje	noun	hbs	drop	noun	eng
smanjenje	noun	hbs	impairment	noun	eng
smanjenje	noun	hbs	reduction	noun	eng
smirenje	noun	hbs	defusion	noun	eng
smirenost	noun	hbs	calmness	noun	eng
smisao	noun	hbs	sense	noun	eng
smjelost	noun	hbs	bravery	noun	eng
smjer	noun	hbs	direction	noun	eng
smjer	noun	hbs	guideline	noun	eng
smjer	noun	hbs	path	noun	eng
smjer	noun	hbs	track	noun	eng
smjer	noun	hbs	course	noun	eng
smjer	noun	hbs	direction	noun	eng
smjer	noun	hbs	path	noun	eng
smjer	noun	hbs	route	noun	eng
smještaj	noun	hbs	accommodation	noun	eng
smještaj	noun	hbs	housing	noun	eng
smrtnost	noun	hbs	death rate	noun	eng
smrtnost	noun	hbs	mortality	noun	eng
smrt	noun	hbs	death	noun	eng
snabdijevanje	noun	hbs	supply	noun	eng
snijeg	noun	hbs	snow	noun	eng
snimanje	noun	hbs	shooting	noun	eng
snimka	noun	hbs	tape	noun	eng
snobovstvo	noun	hbs	snobbishness	noun	eng
socijaldemokrat	noun	hbs	social democrat	noun	eng
socijalist	noun	hbs	socialist	noun	eng
sofisticiranost	noun	hbs	sophistication	noun	eng
softver	noun	hbs	software	noun	eng
šokiranost	noun	hbs	outrage	noun	eng
šokiranost	noun	hbs	shock	noun	eng
sok	noun	hbs	juice	noun	eng
solidarnost	noun	hbs	solidarity	noun	eng
sopstvenost	noun	hbs	property	noun	eng
sortiranje	noun	hbs	sorting	noun	eng
so	noun	hbs	salt	noun	eng
sol	noun	hbs	salt	noun	eng
spajanje	noun	hbs	merger	noun	eng
spasavanje	noun	hbs	rescue	noun	eng
spašavanje	noun	hbs	rescue	noun	eng
specijalizacija	noun	hbs	specialisation	noun	eng
špekulacija	noun	hbs	speculation	noun	eng
špijuniranje	noun	hbs	spying	noun	eng
špioniranje	noun	hbs	spying	noun	eng
popis	noun	hbs	list	noun	eng
spisak	noun	hbs	list	noun	eng
spisateljstvo	noun	hbs	writing	noun	eng
spokojnost	noun	hbs	quiet	noun	eng
spomenik	noun	hbs	memorial	noun	eng
spomenik	noun	hbs	monument	noun	eng
spomenik	noun	hbs	statue	noun	eng
spominjanje	noun	hbs	mention	noun	eng
spontanost	noun	hbs	spontaneity	noun	eng
sponzorstvo	noun	hbs	sponsorship	noun	eng
sporost	noun	hbs	slowness	noun	eng
spor	noun	hbs	argument	noun	eng
spor	noun	hbs	controversy	noun	eng
spor	noun	hbs	dispute	noun	eng
spor	noun	hbs	issue	noun	eng
spor	noun	hbs	row	noun	eng
sportaš	noun	hbs	athlete	noun	eng
sportaš	noun	hbs	sportsman	noun	eng
sport	noun	hbs	sport	noun	eng
sposobnost	noun	hbs	ability	noun	eng
sposobnost	noun	hbs	ability	noun	eng
sposobnost	noun	hbs	capability	noun	eng
sposobnost	noun	hbs	capacity	noun	eng
sposobnost	noun	hbs	competence	noun	eng
sposobnost	noun	hbs	fitness	noun	eng
sposobnost	noun	hbs	skill	noun	eng
spoticanje	noun	hbs	contention	noun	eng
sprečavanje	noun	hbs	containment	noun	eng
srbin	noun	hbs	Serb	noun	eng
srbofilstvo	noun	hbs	Serbophilia	noun	eng
srbofobstvo	noun	hbs	Serbophobia	noun	eng
srbomanstvo	noun	hbs	Serbomanhood	noun	eng
srce	noun	hbs	heart	noun	eng
srdačnost	noun	hbs	cordiality	noun	eng
sredina	noun	hbs	centre	noun	eng
sredina	noun	hbs	environment	noun	eng
sredina	noun	hbs	middle	noun	eng
sredina	noun	hbs	surrounding	noun	eng
sredstvo	noun	hbs	asset	noun	eng
sredstvo	noun	hbs	fund	noun	eng
sredstvo	noun	hbs	instrument	noun	eng
sredstvo	noun	hbs	means	noun	eng
sredstvo	noun	hbs	money	noun	eng
sredstvo	noun	hbs	resource	noun	eng
sredstvo	noun	hbs	tool	noun	eng
srijeda	noun	hbs	Wednesday	noun	eng
srodstvo	noun	hbs	kinship	noun	eng
stabilizacija	noun	hbs	stabilisation	noun	eng
stabiliziranje	noun	hbs	stabilisation	noun	eng
stabilnost	noun	hbs	stability	noun	eng
štab	noun	hbs	headquarters	noun	eng
stožer	noun	hbs	headquarters	noun	eng
stadion	noun	hbs	stadium	noun	eng
stagnacija	noun	hbs	stagnation	noun	eng
staklarstvo	noun	hbs	glazier trade	noun	eng
standardizacija	noun	hbs	standardisation	noun	eng
standardizovanje	noun	hbs	standardisation	noun	eng
standard	noun	hbs	standard	noun	eng
stanica	noun	hbs	station	noun	eng
stanje	noun	hbs	condition	noun	eng
stanje	noun	hbs	shape	noun	eng
stanje	noun	hbs	situation	noun	eng
stanje	noun	hbs	state	noun	eng
stanovništvo	noun	hbs	population	noun	eng
stan	noun	hbs	residence	noun	eng
stan	noun	hbs	flat	noun	eng
štap	noun	hbs	stick	noun	eng
starenje	noun	hbs	aging	noun	eng
starost	noun	hbs	old age	noun	eng
statistika	noun	hbs	statistics	noun	eng
status	noun	hbs	status	noun	eng
stavljanje	noun	hbs	placement	noun	eng
stav	noun	hbs	attitude	noun	eng
stav	noun	hbs	opinion	noun	eng
stav	noun	hbs	position	noun	eng
stav	noun	hbs	stance	noun	eng
stav	noun	hbs	stand	noun	eng
stav	noun	hbs	view	noun	eng
sterilizacija	noun	hbs	sterilisation	noun	eng
šteta	noun	hbs	damage	noun	eng
šteta	noun	hbs	harm	noun	eng
stigmatizacija	noun	hbs	stigmatisation	noun	eng
stihotvorstvo	noun	hbs	poetry	noun	eng
pjesma	noun	hbs	poem	noun	eng
stil	noun	hbs	style	noun	eng
stimulacija	noun	hbs	stimulation	noun	eng
stimuliranje	noun	hbs	stimulating	noun	eng
stoka	noun	hbs	goods	noun	eng
stoka	noun	hbs	cattle	noun	eng
stolarstvo	noun	hbs	carpentry	noun	eng
stopalo	noun	hbs	foot	noun	eng
stopa	noun	hbs	foot	noun	eng
stopa	noun	hbs	rate	noun	eng
stotina	noun	hbs	hundred	noun	eng
stradanje	noun	hbs	plight	noun	eng
stradanje	noun	hbs	suffering	noun	eng
štrajk	noun	hbs	strike	noun	eng
strana	noun	hbs	page	noun	eng
strana	noun	hbs	part	noun	eng
strana	noun	hbs	side	noun	eng
stranica	noun	hbs	page	noun	eng
stranica	noun	hbs	site	noun	eng
stranica	noun	hbs	website	noun	eng
stranica	noun	hbs	web	noun	eng
strategija	noun	hbs	strategy	noun	eng
straža	noun	hbs	cutter	noun	eng
straža	noun	hbs	watch	noun	eng
straža	noun	hbs	sentry	noun	eng
strpljenje	noun	hbs	patience	noun	eng
stručnjak	noun	hbs	expert	noun	eng
stručnjak	noun	hbs	specialist	noun	eng
struja	noun	hbs	current	noun	eng
struja	noun	hbs	electricity	noun	eng
struja	noun	hbs	power	noun	eng
struktura	noun	hbs	structure	noun	eng
studeni	noun	hbs	November	noun	eng
student	noun	hbs	student	noun	eng
studio	noun	hbs	studio	noun	eng
studija	noun	hbs	study	noun	eng
studija	noun	hbs	survey	noun	eng
stvaranje	noun	hbs	creation	noun	eng
subota	noun	hbs	Saturday	noun	eng
subvencija	noun	hbs	subsidy	noun	eng
sudar	noun	hbs	clash	noun	eng
sudar	noun	hbs	conflict	noun	eng
sudbina	noun	hbs	fate	noun	eng
suđenje	noun	hbs	trial	noun	eng
sudac	noun	hbs	judge	noun	eng
sudac	noun	hbs	magistrate	noun	eng
sudac	noun	hbs	referee	noun	eng
sudija	noun	hbs	judge	noun	eng
sudija	noun	hbs	magistrate	noun	eng
sudija	noun	hbs	referee	noun	eng
sud	noun	hbs	court	noun	eng
sudstvo	noun	hbs	judiciary	noun	eng
suflerstvo	noun	hbs	prompting	noun	eng
suma	noun	hbs	amount	noun	eng
suma	noun	hbs	cost	noun	eng
šuma	noun	hbs	forest	noun	eng
šuma	noun	hbs	heap	noun	eng
šuma	noun	hbs	mountain	noun	eng
gora	noun	hbs	mountain	noun	eng
suma	noun	hbs	sum	noun	eng
šuma	noun	hbs	woods	noun	eng
sumnja	noun	hbs	doubt	noun	eng
sumnja	noun	hbs	suspicion	noun	eng
sumnjičenje	noun	hbs	doubt	noun	eng
sumnjičenje	noun	hbs	question	noun	eng
sumnjičenje	noun	hbs	suspicion	noun	eng
sunce	noun	hbs	sun	noun	eng
suočenje	noun	hbs	facing	noun	eng
suprotstavljanje	noun	hbs	facing	noun	eng
suprotstavljenost	noun	hbs	opposition	noun	eng
supruga	noun	hbs	wife	noun	eng
suprug	noun	hbs	husband	noun	eng
suradnik	noun	hbs	collaborator	noun	eng
susjed	noun	hbs	neighbour	noun	eng
susjedstvo	noun	hbs	neighbourhood	noun	eng
suspendiranje	noun	hbs	suspension	noun	eng
suspendiranje	noun	hbs	suspending	noun	eng
suverenitet	noun	hbs	sovereignty	noun	eng
suverenost	noun	hbs	sovereignty	noun	eng
suzdržanost	noun	hbs	restraint	noun	eng
suzdržanost	noun	hbs	stability	noun	eng
šverc	noun	hbs	smuggling	noun	eng
šverc	noun	hbs	trafficking	noun	eng
svećenik	noun	hbs	clergyman	noun	eng
sveštenik	noun	hbs	clergyman	noun	eng
svećenstvo	noun	hbs	clergy	noun	eng
sveštenstvo	noun	hbs	clergy	noun	eng
sveučilište	noun	hbs	university	noun	eng
svijet	noun	hbs	world	noun	eng
svinja	noun	hbs	pig	noun	eng
svjedočenje	noun	hbs	testimonial	noun	eng
svjedok	noun	hbs	witness	noun	eng
svjetlost	noun	hbs	light	noun	eng
svojstvo	noun	hbs	capacity	noun	eng
svojstvo	noun	hbs	quality	noun	eng
tačka	noun	hbs	point	noun	eng
tačka	noun	hbs	spot	noun	eng
točka	noun	hbs	point	noun	eng
točka	noun	hbs	spot	noun	eng
tajna	noun	hbs	secret	noun	eng
tajnost	noun	hbs	secrecy	noun	eng
talac	noun	hbs	hostage	noun	eng
otac	noun	hbs	father	noun	eng
tata	noun	hbs	dad	noun	eng
kazalište	noun	hbs	theatre	noun	eng
pozorište	noun	hbs	theatre	noun	eng
teatar	noun	hbs	theatre	noun	eng
tečaj	noun	hbs	course	noun	eng
teg	noun	hbs	weight	noun	eng
uteg	noun	hbs	weight	noun	eng
tehnologija	noun	hbs	technology	noun	eng
tek	noun	hbs	appetite	noun	eng
tekst	noun	hbs	text	noun	eng
tekućina	noun	hbs	liquid	noun	eng
telefonija	noun	hbs	telephony	noun	eng
telefon	noun	hbs	phone	noun	eng
telefon	noun	hbs	telephone	noun	eng
telegraf	noun	hbs	telegraph	noun	eng
telekom	noun	hbs	telecom	noun	eng
telekomunikacija	noun	hbs	telecommunication	noun	eng
telekonferencija	noun	hbs	teleconference	noun	eng
televizija	noun	hbs	television	noun	eng
tema	noun	hbs	issue	noun	eng
tema	noun	hbs	subject	noun	eng
tema	noun	hbs	theme	noun	eng
tema	noun	hbs	topic	noun	eng
temperatura	noun	hbs	temperature	noun	eng
tempo	noun	hbs	momentum	noun	eng
tempo	noun	hbs	pace	noun	eng
tempo	noun	hbs	rhythm	noun	eng
tempo	noun	hbs	tempo	noun	eng
tendencija	noun	hbs	tendency	noun	eng
tendencija	noun	hbs	trend	noun	eng
tender	noun	hbs	tender	noun	eng
ten	noun	hbs	tan	noun	eng
tenzija	noun	hbs	tension	noun	eng
teorija	noun	hbs	theory	noun	eng
teren	noun	hbs	field	noun	eng
teren	noun	hbs	ground	noun	eng
teren	noun	hbs	terrain	noun	eng
teritorija	noun	hbs	territory	noun	eng
terorist	noun	hbs	terrorist	noun	eng
terorizam	noun	hbs	terrorism	noun	eng
teroriziranje	noun	hbs	terrorising	noun	eng
teškoća	noun	hbs	difficulty	noun	eng
teškoća	noun	hbs	hardship	noun	eng
testiranje	noun	hbs	testing	noun	eng
test	noun	hbs	test	noun	eng
tijelo	noun	hbs	body	noun	eng
tim	noun	hbs	team	noun	eng
tip	noun	hbs	type	noun	eng
tiranstvo	noun	hbs	tyranny	noun	eng
titula	noun	hbs	title	noun	eng
točnost	noun	hbs	accuracy	noun	eng
tokarstvo	noun	hbs	turner's trade	noun	eng
tolerancija	noun	hbs	tolerance	noun	eng
tolerisanje	noun	hbs	tolerance	noun	eng
ton	noun	hbs	tone	noun	eng
tona	noun	hbs	tonne	noun	eng
tona	noun	hbs	ton	noun	eng
topioničarstvo	noun	hbs	casting	noun	eng
topioničarstvo	noun	hbs	founding	noun	eng
topioničarstvo	noun	hbs	smelt	verb	eng
toplifikacija	noun	hbs	central heating	noun	eng
topljenje	noun	hbs	melting	noun	eng
toplofikacija	noun	hbs	heat installation	noun	eng
top	noun	hbs	canon	noun	eng
tortura	noun	hbs	torture	noun	eng
tovarenje	noun	hbs	loading	noun	eng
tovar	noun	hbs	cargo	noun	eng
tradicija	noun	hbs	tradition	noun	eng
trag	noun	hbs	trail	noun	eng
trajnost	noun	hbs	permanence	noun	eng
transakcija	noun	hbs	transaction	noun	eng
transfer	noun	hbs	transfer	noun	eng
transformacija	noun	hbs	transformation	noun	eng
transformiranje	noun	hbs	transformation	noun	eng
transkripcija	noun	hbs	transcription	noun	eng
transparentnost	noun	hbs	transparency	noun	eng
transplantacija	noun	hbs	transplantation	noun	eng
transportiranje	noun	hbs	transportation	noun	eng
transport	noun	hbs	transport	noun	eng
tranzicija	noun	hbs	transition	noun	eng
trava	noun	hbs	grass	noun	eng
travnjak	noun	hbs	lawn	noun	eng
traženje	noun	hbs	searching	noun	eng
traženje	noun	hbs	claiming	noun	eng
traženje	noun	hbs	demanding	noun	eng
traženje	noun	hbs	requesting	noun	eng
trbuh	noun	hbs	abdomen	noun	eng
trbuh	noun	hbs	stomach	noun	eng
trećina	noun	hbs	third	noun	eng
trend	noun	hbs	trend	noun	eng
trener	noun	hbs	trainer	noun	eng
tretman	noun	hbs	treatment	noun	eng
trezvenost	noun	hbs	sobriety	noun	eng
trgovina	noun	hbs	trade	noun	eng
tribunal	noun	hbs	tribunal	noun	eng
trka	noun	hbs	race	noun	eng
trojka	noun	hbs	troika	noun	eng
trokut	noun	hbs	triangle	noun	eng
tromjesečje	noun	hbs	trimestre	noun	eng
trošak	noun	hbs	charge	noun	eng
trošak	noun	hbs	cost	noun	eng
trošak	noun	hbs	expenditure	noun	eng
trošak	noun	hbs	expense	noun	eng
trošak	noun	hbs	fee	noun	eng
trošenje	noun	hbs	spending	noun	eng
trudnoća	noun	hbs	pregnancy	noun	eng
trud	noun	hbs	labour	noun	eng
trud	noun	hbs	work	noun	eng
trupa	noun	hbs	troop	noun	eng
turbulencija	noun	hbs	turbulence	noun	eng
turčin	noun	hbs	Turk	noun	eng
turist	noun	hbs	tourist	noun	eng
turizam	noun	hbs	tourism	noun	eng
turneja	noun	hbs	tour	noun	eng
turnir	noun	hbs	tournament	noun	eng
tužba	noun	hbs	accusation	noun	eng
tužba	noun	hbs	charge	noun	eng
tužba	noun	hbs	complaint	noun	eng
tužilaštvo	noun	hbs	prosecution	noun	eng
tužiteljica	noun	hbs	prosecutor	noun	eng
tužitelj	noun	hbs	prosecutor	noun	eng
tvrđenje	noun	hbs	claiming	noun	eng
tvrdoglavost	noun	hbs	stubbornness	noun	eng
ubica	noun	hbs	hitman	noun	eng
ubica	noun	hbs	killer	noun	eng
ubica	noun	hbs	murderer	noun	eng
ubojica	noun	hbs	hitman	noun	eng
ubojica	noun	hbs	killer	noun	eng
ubojica	noun	hbs	murderer	noun	eng
ubijanje	noun	hbs	killing	noun	eng
ubijanje	noun	hbs	murder	noun	eng
ubojstvo	noun	hbs	murder	noun	eng
ubrzavanje	noun	hbs	acceleration	noun	eng
učenik	noun	hbs	student	noun	eng
učenje	noun	hbs	learning	noun	eng
učesnik	noun	hbs	participant	noun	eng
učestvo	noun	hbs	involvement	noun	eng
učestvo	noun	hbs	participation	noun	eng
učilište	noun	hbs	school	noun	eng
učiteljstvo	noun	hbs	school system	noun	eng
udaljenost	noun	hbs	distance	noun	eng
udaljenost	noun	hbs	remoteness	noun	eng
udar	noun	hbs	attack	noun	eng
udar	noun	hbs	blow	noun	eng
udar	noun	hbs	coup	noun	eng
udar	noun	hbs	kick	noun	eng
udio	noun	hbs	share	noun	eng
udobnost	noun	hbs	comfort	noun	eng
udruženje	noun	hbs	association	noun	eng
udruženje	noun	hbs	society	noun	eng
udžbenik	noun	hbs	textbook	noun	eng
ugljen	noun	hbs	coal	noun	eng
ugrožavanje	noun	hbs	threat	noun	eng
uho	noun	hbs	ear	noun	eng
ušica	noun	hbs	eye of a needle	noun	eng
ukaz	noun	hbs	decree	noun	eng
ukaz	noun	hbs	edict	noun	eng
ukaz	noun	hbs	enactment	noun	eng
ukidanje	noun	hbs	abolition	noun	eng
uključenost	noun	hbs	inclusion	noun	eng
uključenost	noun	hbs	involvement	noun	eng
uključivanje	noun	hbs	include	verb	eng
uključivanje	noun	hbs	involvement	noun	eng
ulaganje	noun	hbs	investment	noun	eng
ulazak	noun	hbs	break in	noun	eng
ulazak	noun	hbs	entry	noun	eng
ulaz	noun	hbs	entry	noun	eng
ulaz	noun	hbs	entrance	noun	eng
ulica	noun	hbs	alley	noun	eng
ulica	noun	hbs	road	noun	eng
ulica	noun	hbs	street	noun	eng
uljepšavanje	noun	hbs	beautification	noun	eng
uloga	noun	hbs	character	noun	eng
uloga	noun	hbs	part	noun	eng
uloga	noun	hbs	role	noun	eng
umiješanost	noun	hbs	involvement	noun	eng
umirovljenje	noun	hbs	retirement	noun	eng
umivanje	noun	hbs	washing	noun	eng
umjerenost	noun	hbs	moderation	noun	eng
umješnost	noun	hbs	art	noun	eng
umjetnik	noun	hbs	artist	noun	eng
umjetnost	noun	hbs	art	noun	eng
um	noun	hbs	brain	noun	eng
um	noun	hbs	intellect	noun	eng
um	noun	hbs	intelligence	noun	eng
um	noun	hbs	mind	noun	eng
um	noun	hbs	wit	noun	eng
unapređivanje	noun	hbs	promote	verb	eng
unifikacija	noun	hbs	unification	noun	eng
unija	noun	hbs	union	noun	eng
uništavanje	noun	hbs	destruction	noun	eng
univerzalnost	noun	hbs	universality	noun	eng
upad	noun	hbs	invasion	noun	eng
upotreba	noun	hbs	use	noun	eng
uprava	noun	hbs	administration	noun	eng
uprava	noun	hbs	authority	noun	eng
uprava	noun	hbs	management	noun	eng
upravljanje	noun	hbs	direction	noun	eng
upravljanje	noun	hbs	management	noun	eng
upravljanje	noun	hbs	steering	noun	eng
urar	noun	hbs	clockmaker	noun	eng
urar	noun	hbs	watchmaker	noun	eng
urarstvo	noun	hbs	clockmaking	noun	eng
urarstvo	noun	hbs	watchmaking	noun	eng
urarstvo	noun	hbs	horology	noun	eng
urbanizacija	noun	hbs	urbanisation	noun	eng
urednik	noun	hbs	editor	noun	eng
usaglašavanje	noun	hbs	adjustment	noun	eng
uslovnost	noun	hbs	conditionality	noun	eng
uslov	noun	hbs	circumstance	noun	eng
uslov	noun	hbs	condition	noun	eng
uslov	noun	hbs	requirement	noun	eng
uslov	noun	hbs	term	noun	eng
usluga	noun	hbs	service	noun	eng
usluga	noun	hbs	utility	noun	eng
uspjeh	noun	hbs	success	noun	eng
usporedba	noun	hbs	comparison	noun	eng
uspostavljanje	noun	hbs	establishment	noun	eng
uš	noun	hbs	louse	noun	eng
ustanak	noun	hbs	uprising	noun	eng
usta	noun	hbs	mouth	noun	eng
ustav	noun	hbs	constitution	noun	eng
ustrojstvo	noun	hbs	constitution	noun	eng
usvajanje	noun	hbs	adoption	noun	eng
utjecaj	noun	hbs	effect	noun	eng
utjecaj	noun	hbs	impact	noun	eng
utjecaj	noun	hbs	influence	noun	eng
utorak	noun	hbs	Tuesday	noun	eng
utroba	noun	hbs	bowel	noun	eng
utroba	noun	hbs	entrails	noun	eng
utroba	noun	hbs	intestines	noun	eng
jetra	noun	hbs	liver	noun	eng
pluće	noun	hbs	lung	noun	eng
iznutrica	noun	hbs	offal	noun	eng
utvrđivanje	noun	hbs	finding	noun	eng
uvjeravanje	noun	hbs	persuading	noun	eng
uvjerenost	noun	hbs	confidence	noun	eng
uvođenje	noun	hbs	introduction	noun	eng
uvoz	noun	hbs	import	noun	eng
uvreda	noun	hbs	insult	noun	eng
uže	noun	hbs	rope	noun	eng
uzimanje	noun	hbs	taking	noun	eng
uzrok	noun	hbs	cause	noun	eng
uzrok	noun	hbs	reason	noun	eng
uzurpacija	noun	hbs	usurping	noun	eng
vagina	noun	hbs	vagina	noun	eng
vakcinacija	noun	hbs	inoculation	noun	eng
vakcinacija	noun	hbs	vaccination	noun	eng
vakciniranje	noun	hbs	vaccination	noun	eng
validnost	noun	hbs	validity	noun	eng
val	noun	hbs	wave	noun	eng
valuta	noun	hbs	currency	noun	eng
vandal	noun	hbs	vandal	noun	eng
vapno	noun	hbs	lime	noun	eng
varvarstvo	noun	hbs	barbarity	noun	eng
vazduhoplovstvo	noun	hbs	aeronautics	noun	eng
vazduhoplovstvo	noun	hbs	air force	noun	eng
vazduhoplovstvo	noun	hbs	aviation	noun	eng
vazduh	noun	hbs	air	noun	eng
vazduh	noun	hbs	atmosphere	noun	eng
važnost	noun	hbs	essential	noun	eng
važnost	noun	hbs	importance	noun	eng
važnost	noun	hbs	significance	noun	eng
vijeće	noun	hbs	assembly	noun	eng
vijeće	noun	hbs	meeting	noun	eng
večer	noun	hbs	evening	noun	eng
većina	noun	hbs	majority	noun	eng
vegetarijanstvo	noun	hbs	vegetarianism	noun	eng
veličanstvo	noun	hbs	majesty	noun	eng
veličina	noun	hbs	power	noun	eng
veličina	noun	hbs	size	noun	eng
ventilacija	noun	hbs	ventilation	noun	eng
konformizam	noun	hbs	conformity	noun	eng
verifikacija	noun	hbs	verification	noun	eng
verzija	noun	hbs	version	noun	eng
veteran	noun	hbs	veteran	noun	eng
veterinarstvo	noun	hbs	vetship	noun	eng
veterinarstvo	noun	hbs	veterinary medicine	noun	eng
veto	noun	hbs	veto	noun	eng
veza	noun	hbs	bond	noun	eng
veza	noun	hbs	conjunction	noun	eng
veza	noun	hbs	connection	noun	eng
veza	noun	hbs	link	noun	eng
veza	noun	hbs	relationship	noun	eng
veza	noun	hbs	relation	noun	eng
veza	noun	hbs	tie	noun	eng
vezirstvo	noun	hbs	viziership	noun	eng
videokonferencija	noun	hbs	videoconference	noun	eng
video	noun	hbs	video	noun	eng
vidljivost	noun	hbs	visibility	noun	eng
vid	noun	hbs	form	noun	eng
vid	noun	hbs	kind	noun	eng
vid	noun	hbs	sort	noun	eng
vid	noun	hbs	type	noun	eng
vijek	noun	hbs	age	noun	eng
vijek	noun	hbs	century	noun	eng
vijek	noun	hbs	expectancy	noun	eng
vijest	noun	hbs	news	noun	eng
vikend	noun	hbs	weekend	noun	eng
vinarstvo	noun	hbs	winemaking	noun	eng
vinogradarstvo	noun	hbs	viticulture	noun	eng
virus	noun	hbs	virus	noun	eng
višak	noun	hbs	excess	noun	eng
višak	noun	hbs	surplus	noun	eng
višak	noun	hbs	overcharging	noun	eng
visina	noun	hbs	altitude	noun	eng
visina	noun	hbs	height	noun	eng
visočanstvo	noun	hbs	majesty	noun	eng
visokopreosveštenstvo	noun	hbs	eminence	noun	eng
viteštvo	noun	hbs	chivalry	noun	eng
viza	noun	hbs	visa	noun	eng
vizionarstvo	noun	hbs	vision	noun	eng
vjerolomstvo	noun	hbs	perjury	noun	eng
vjerojatnost	noun	hbs	possibility	noun	eng
vjerovatnoća	noun	hbs	possibility	noun	eng
vještina	noun	hbs	ability	noun	eng
vještina	noun	hbs	expertise	noun	eng
vještina	noun	hbs	skill	noun	eng
vjetar	noun	hbs	wind	noun	eng
vježba	noun	hbs	exercise	noun	eng
vježba	noun	hbs	training	noun	eng
vladanje	noun	hbs	ruling	noun	eng
vlada	noun	hbs	cabinet	noun	eng
vlada	noun	hbs	government	noun	eng
vlakno	noun	hbs	fiber	noun	eng
vlakno	noun	hbs	fibre	noun	eng
vlakno	noun	hbs	hair	noun	eng
vlasnik	noun	hbs	owner	noun	eng
vlastela	noun	hbs	nobility	noun	eng
vlast	noun	hbs	authority	noun	eng
vlast	noun	hbs	control	noun	eng
vlast	noun	hbs	government	noun	eng
vlast	noun	hbs	power	noun	eng
vlažnost	noun	hbs	humidity	noun	eng
voajerstvo	noun	hbs	voyeurism	noun	eng
voćarstvo	noun	hbs	fruit-growing	noun	eng
voće	noun	hbs	fruit	noun	eng
voda	noun	hbs	water	noun	eng
vođenje	noun	hbs	management	noun	eng
vođenje	noun	hbs	running	noun	eng
vodič	noun	hbs	guidebook	noun	eng
vodič	noun	hbs	guide	noun	eng
vođa	noun	hbs	head	noun	eng
vođa	noun	hbs	leader	noun	eng
vodoopskrba	noun	hbs	water supply	noun	eng
vodstvo	noun	hbs	leadership	noun	eng
vojaštvo	noun	hbs	military	noun	eng
vojnik	noun	hbs	soldier	noun	eng
vojska	noun	hbs	army	noun	eng
vojska	noun	hbs	military	noun	eng
vojvoda	noun	hbs	duke	noun	eng
vojvoda	noun	hbs	voivode	noun	eng
vojvodstvo	noun	hbs	province	noun	eng
vojvodstvo	noun	hbs	voivodeship	noun	eng
volja	noun	hbs	will	noun	eng
vozilo	noun	hbs	vehicle	noun	eng
vožnja	noun	hbs	ride	noun	eng
vlak	noun	hbs	train	noun	eng
voz	noun	hbs	train	noun	eng
vraćanje	noun	hbs	restitution	noun	eng
vraćanje	noun	hbs	return	noun	eng
vrata	noun	hbs	door	noun	eng
vrata	noun	hbs	gate	noun	eng
vrat	noun	hbs	neck	noun	eng
vrh	noun	hbs	crest	noun	eng
vrh	noun	hbs	crown	noun	eng
vrh	noun	hbs	peak	noun	eng
vrh	noun	hbs	top	noun	eng
vrh	noun	hbs	vertex	noun	eng
vrijednost	noun	hbs	price	noun	eng
vrijednost	noun	hbs	validity	noun	eng
vrijednost	noun	hbs	value	noun	eng
vrijednost	noun	hbs	worth	noun	eng
vrijeme	noun	hbs	age	noun	eng
vrijeme	noun	hbs	tense	noun	eng
vrijeme	noun	hbs	time	noun	eng
vrijeme	noun	hbs	weather	noun	eng
vrjednoća	noun	hbs	industriousness	noun	eng
vršenje	noun	hbs	enactment	noun	eng
vršenje	noun	hbs	execution	noun	eng
vršitelj	noun	hbs	performer	noun	eng
vršitelj	noun	hbs	executor	noun	eng
vršitelj	noun	hbs	agent	noun	eng
vulkan	noun	hbs	volcano	noun	eng
vunarstvo	noun	hbs	wool industry	noun	eng
zabavljanje	noun	hbs	fun	noun	eng
zabrana	noun	hbs	ban	noun	eng
zabrana	noun	hbs	embargo	noun	eng
zabrana	noun	hbs	prohibition	noun	eng
zabrinutost	noun	hbs	anxiety	noun	eng
zabrinutost	noun	hbs	concern	noun	eng
zabrinutost	noun	hbs	worry	noun	eng
zadaća	noun	hbs	duty	noun	eng
zadaća	noun	hbs	job	noun	eng
zadaća	noun	hbs	task	noun	eng
zadovoljavanje	noun	hbs	entertaining	noun	eng
zadovoljnost	noun	hbs	satisfaction	noun	eng
zadovoljstvo	noun	hbs	satisfaction	noun	eng
zadržavanje	noun	hbs	preservation	noun	eng
zadržavanje	noun	hbs	protection	noun	eng
zaduženost	noun	hbs	indebtedness	noun	eng
zagovor	noun	hbs	recommendation	noun	eng
zagovor	noun	hbs	support	noun	eng
zahvalnost	noun	hbs	appreciation	noun	eng
zahvalnost	noun	hbs	gratitude	noun	eng
zainteresiranost	noun	hbs	demand	noun	eng
zainteresiranost	noun	hbs	interest	noun	eng
zajam	noun	hbs	loan	noun	eng
zajednica	noun	hbs	commonwealth	noun	eng
zajednica	noun	hbs	commune	noun	eng
zajednica	noun	hbs	community	noun	eng
zajednica	noun	hbs	union	noun	eng
zakletva	noun	hbs	oath	noun	eng
zakletva	noun	hbs	sworn statement	noun	eng
zaključak	noun	hbs	conclusion	noun	eng
zaključak	noun	hbs	finding	noun	eng
zakonik	noun	hbs	code	noun	eng
zakonodavstvo	noun	hbs	legislature	noun	eng
zakon	noun	hbs	law	noun	eng
zakrpavanje	noun	hbs	botching	noun	eng
zalaganje	noun	hbs	commitment	noun	eng
žalba	noun	hbs	appeal	noun	eng
žalba	noun	hbs	complaint	noun	eng
žaljenje	noun	hbs	regret	noun	eng
žaljenje	noun	hbs	remorse	noun	eng
žalost	noun	hbs	grief	noun	eng
žalost	noun	hbs	pity	noun	eng
žalost	noun	hbs	sorrow	noun	eng
zamjena	noun	hbs	exchange	noun	eng
zamjena	noun	hbs	replacement	noun	eng
zamjena	noun	hbs	substitute	noun	eng
zamjenik	noun	hbs	deputy	noun	eng
zamjenik	noun	hbs	replacement	noun	eng
zamjenik	noun	hbs	substitute	noun	eng
zamorenost	noun	hbs	tiredness	noun	eng
zamrzavanje	noun	hbs	freeze	noun	eng
zamrzavanje	noun	hbs	freezing	noun	eng
zanatstvo	noun	hbs	trade	noun	eng
zanemarivanje	noun	hbs	neglect	noun	eng
zanemarivanje	noun	hbs	neglecting	noun	eng
zaokruživanje	noun	hbs	completion	noun	eng
zaokruživanje	noun	hbs	conclusion	noun	eng
zapad	noun	hbs	west	noun	eng
zaplašivanje	noun	hbs	intimidation	noun	eng
započinjanje	noun	hbs	launch	noun	eng
započinjanje	noun	hbs	launching	noun	eng
započinjanje	noun	hbs	start	noun	eng
započinjanje	noun	hbs	starting	noun	eng
zapošljavanje	noun	hbs	employment	noun	eng
zapovjedništvo	noun	hbs	command	noun	eng
zapovjedništvo	noun	hbs	commandantship	noun	eng
zapreka	noun	hbs	barrier	noun	eng
zapreka	noun	hbs	block	noun	eng
zapreka	noun	hbs	obstacle	noun	eng
zapuštenost	noun	hbs	neglect	noun	eng
zaražavanje	noun	hbs	infection	noun	eng
zaražavanje	noun	hbs	infecting	noun	eng
zastava	noun	hbs	flag	noun	eng
zaštita	noun	hbs	care	noun	eng
zaštita	noun	hbs	preservation	noun	eng
zaštita	noun	hbs	prevention	noun	eng
zaštita	noun	hbs	protection	noun	eng
zaštita	noun	hbs	security	noun	eng
zastupljenost	noun	hbs	representation	noun	eng
zastupnik	noun	hbs	lawmaker	noun	eng
zastupnik	noun	hbs	member ofparliament	noun	eng
zastupnik	noun	hbs	MP	noun	eng
zatajenje	noun	hbs	failure	noun	eng
zatopljenje	noun	hbs	warming	noun	eng
zatopljivanje	noun	hbs	warming	noun	eng
zatvaranje	noun	hbs	closing	noun	eng
zatvaranje	noun	hbs	detention	noun	eng
zatvaranje	noun	hbs	imprisonment	noun	eng
zatvorenik	noun	hbs	prisoner	noun	eng
zatvor	noun	hbs	detention	noun	eng
zatvor	noun	hbs	imprisonment	noun	eng
zatvor	noun	hbs	jail	noun	eng
zatvor	noun	hbs	prison	noun	eng
ovisnost	noun	hbs	addiction	noun	eng
zavisnost	noun	hbs	dependence	noun	eng
zavisnost	noun	hbs	dependency	noun	eng
završavanje	noun	hbs	completion	noun	eng
završavanje	noun	hbs	conclusion	noun	eng
završavanje	noun	hbs	ending	noun	eng
zaživljenje	noun	hbs	recovery	noun	eng
zaživljenje	noun	hbs	revival	noun	eng
zbor	noun	hbs	council	noun	eng
zbor	noun	hbs	choir	noun	eng
zdravlje	noun	hbs	health	noun	eng
zdravstvo	noun	hbs	health system	noun	eng
želja	noun	hbs	desire	noun	eng
želja	noun	hbs	will	noun	eng
želja	noun	hbs	wish	noun	eng
želudac	noun	hbs	stomach	noun	eng
zemlja	noun	hbs	country	noun	eng
zemljište	noun	hbs	land	noun	eng
potres	noun	hbs	earthquake	noun	eng
zemljotres	noun	hbs	earthquake	noun	eng
žena	noun	hbs	wife	noun	eng
žena	noun	hbs	woman	noun	eng
ženskarstvo	noun	hbs	rakishness	noun	eng
zgrada	noun	hbs	building	noun	eng
zgražanje	noun	hbs	abhorrence	noun	eng
zidarstvo	noun	hbs	masonry	noun	eng
žitelj	noun	hbs	citizen	noun	eng
žitelj	noun	hbs	inhabitant	noun	eng
žitelj	noun	hbs	resident	noun	eng
žiteljstvo	noun	hbs	residence	noun	eng
živina	noun	hbs	animal	noun	eng
življenje	noun	hbs	living	noun	eng
životinja	noun	hbs	animal	noun	eng
život	noun	hbs	life	noun	eng
zlatar	noun	hbs	goldsmithing	noun	eng
zlatarstvo	noun	hbs	goldsmithing	noun	eng
zlato	noun	hbs	gold	noun	eng
zločin	noun	hbs	crime	noun	eng
zlotvor	noun	hbs	criminal	noun	eng
zlotvor	noun	hbs	villain	noun	eng
zloupotreba	noun	hbs	abuse	noun	eng
zloupotreba	noun	hbs	misuse	noun	eng
zmija	noun	hbs	snake	noun	eng
značenje	noun	hbs	importance	noun	eng
značenje	noun	hbs	meaning	noun	eng
značenje	noun	hbs	significance	noun	eng
znak	noun	hbs	indication	noun	eng
znak	noun	hbs	mark	noun	eng
znak	noun	hbs	signal	noun	eng
znak	noun	hbs	sign	noun	eng
znamenitost	noun	hbs	fame	noun	eng
znamenitost	noun	hbs	importance	noun	eng
znamenitost	noun	hbs	renown	noun	eng
znanje	noun	hbs	knowledge	noun	eng
znoj	noun	hbs	sweat	noun	eng
znanje	noun	hbs	lore	noun	eng
znojenje	noun	hbs	perspiration	noun	eng
znojenje	noun	hbs	sweat	verb	eng
zona	noun	hbs	area	noun	eng
zona	noun	hbs	zone	noun	eng
žonglerstvo	noun	hbs	juggling	noun	eng
zrelost	noun	hbs	maturity	noun	eng
zrelost	noun	hbs	ripeness	noun	eng
žrtva	noun	hbs	casualty	noun	eng
žrtva	noun	hbs	sacrifice	noun	eng
žrtva	noun	hbs	victim	noun	eng
zubarstvo	noun	hbs	dentistry	noun	eng
zub	noun	hbs	tooth	noun	eng
zvaničnik	noun	hbs	representative	noun	eng
zvijezda	noun	hbs	celebrity	noun	eng
zvijezda	noun	hbs	star	noun	eng
zvjerstvo	noun	hbs	atrocity	noun	eng
abramski	adjective	hbs	Abrahamic	adjective	eng
administrativan	adjective	hbs	administrative	adjective	eng
administratorski	adjective	hbs	administrator	adjective	eng
advokatski	adjective	hbs	legal	adjective	eng
aerodromski	adjective	hbs	airport	adjective	eng
afganistanski	adjective	hbs	Afghan	adjective	eng
afrički	adjective	hbs	African	adjective	eng
agresivan	adjective	hbs	aggressive	adjective	eng
akademski	adjective	hbs	academic	adjective	eng
akcijski	adjective	hbs	action	adjective	eng
akcionerski	adjective	hbs	shareholder's	adjective	eng
akrobatski	adjective	hbs	acrobatic	adjective	eng
akterski	adjective	hbs	Latvian	adjective	eng
aktivan	adjective	hbs	active	adjective	eng
aktualan	adjective	hbs	actual	adjective	eng
aktualan	adjective	hbs	current	adjective	eng
aktualan	adjective	hbs	incumbent	adjective	eng
aktualan	adjective	hbs	ongoing	adjective	eng
alandski	adjective	hbs	Åland	adjective	eng
albanski	adjective	hbs	Albanian	adjective	eng
aleksandrijski	adjective	hbs	Alexandrian	adjective	eng
aleksandrovski	adjective	hbs	Alexander	adjective	eng
alpski	adjective	hbs	Alpine	adjective	eng
aluminijski	adjective	hbs	aluminium	adjective	eng
alžirski	adjective	hbs	Algerian	adjective	eng
amandmanski	adjective	hbs	ammendment	adjective	eng
amaterski	adjective	hbs	amateur	adjective	eng
ambasadorski	adjective	hbs	ambassador	adjective	eng
ambiciozan	adjective	hbs	ambitious	adjective	eng
američki	adjective	hbs	american	adjective	eng
amerikanski	adjective	hbs	american	adjective	eng
amfiteatarski	adjective	hbs	ampitheatre	adjective	eng
anatolijski	adjective	hbs	Anatolian	adjective	eng
anglikanski	adjective	hbs	English	adjective	eng
anoniman	adjective	hbs	anonymous	adjective	eng
antialbanski	adjective	hbs	anti-Albanian	adjective	eng
antiamerički	adjective	hbs	anti-American	adjective	eng
anticrnogorski	adjective	hbs	anti-Montenegrin	adjective	eng
antidemokratski	adjective	hbs	anti-democratic	adjective	eng
antidiskriminacijski	adjective	hbs	anti-discrimination	adjective	eng
antiestonski	adjective	hbs	anti-Estonian	adjective	eng
antiimigrantski	adjective	hbs	anti-immigrant	adjective	eng
antiizraelski	adjective	hbs	anti-Israeli	adjective	eng
antikorupcijski	adjective	hbs	anti-corruption	adjective	eng
antimonopolistički	adjective	hbs	anti-monopoly	adjective	eng
antiromski	adjective	hbs	anti-Roma	adjective	eng
antisemitski	adjective	hbs	anti-Semitic	adjective	eng
antisrpski	adjective	hbs	anti-Serbian	adjective	eng
antitenkovski	adjective	hbs	anti-tank	adjective	eng
antiturski	adjective	hbs	anti-Turkish	adjective	eng
aprilski	adjective	hbs	April	adjective	eng
apsolutan	adjective	hbs	absolute	adjective	eng
aramejski	adjective	hbs	Aramaic	adjective	eng
arapski	adjective	hbs	Arab	adjective	eng
argentinski	adjective	hbs	Argentine	adjective	eng
arhitektonski	adjective	hbs	architectural	adjective	eng
arhivski	adjective	hbs	archival	adjective	eng
arhivski	adjective	hbs	archive	adjective	eng
armijski	adjective	hbs	army	adjective	eng
artiljerijski	adjective	hbs	artilliary	adjective	eng
astronomski	adjective	hbs	ancient	adjective	eng
atenski	adjective	hbs	Athenian	adjective	eng
atenski	adjective	hbs	Athens	adjective	eng
atlanski	adjective	hbs	Atlantic	adjective	eng
atlantski	adjective	hbs	Atlantic	adjective	eng
atletski	adjective	hbs	athletic	adjective	eng
atomski	adjective	hbs	atomic	adjective	eng
augustovski	adjective	hbs	August	adjective	eng
australski	adjective	hbs	Australian	adjective	eng
austrijski	adjective	hbs	Austrian	adjective	eng
autentičan	adjective	hbs	authentic	adjective	eng
autobiografski	adjective	hbs	autobiographical	adjective	eng
autobuski	adjective	hbs	bus	adjective	eng
autobusni	adjective	hbs	bus	adjective	eng
autokratski	adjective	hbs	autocratic	adjective	eng
automatski	adjective	hbs	automatic	adjective	eng
automobilski	adjective	hbs	car	adjective	eng
autonoman	adjective	hbs	autonomous	adjective	eng
autorski	adjective	hbs	author	adjective	eng
avijacijski	adjective	hbs	aviation	adjective	eng
avnojski	adjective	hbs	air	adjective	eng
avtomatski	adjective	hbs	automatic	adjective	eng
azerbejdžanski	adjective	hbs	Azerbaijani	adjective	eng
azijski	adjective	hbs	Asian	adjective	eng
azorski	adjective	hbs	Azores	adjective	eng
babilonski	adjective	hbs	Babylonian	adjective	eng
bagdadski	adjective	hbs	Baghdad	adjective	eng
baletni	adjective	hbs	ballet	adjective	eng
balkanski	adjective	hbs	Balkan	adjective	eng
banatski	adjective	hbs	Banat	adjective	eng
bankarski	adjective	hbs	banking	adjective	eng
barbarski	adjective	hbs	barbaric	adjective	eng
barcelonski	adjective	hbs	Barcelona	adjective	eng
bavarski	adjective	hbs	Bavarian	adjective	eng
bečki	adjective	hbs	Viennese	adjective	eng
belgijski	adjective	hbs	Belgian	adjective	eng
benzinski	adjective	hbs	petrol	adjective	eng
beogradski	adjective	hbs	Belgrade	adjective	eng
berlinski	adjective	hbs	Berlin	adjective	eng
bernski	adjective	hbs	Berne	adjective	eng
betonski	adjective	hbs	concrete	adjective	eng
bezbjedan	adjective	hbs	secure	adjective	eng
bezbjedonosni	adjective	hbs	safety	adjective	eng
bezgarancijski	adjective	hbs	non-guaranteed	adjective	eng
bibliografski	adjective	hbs	bibliographic	adjective	eng
bibliotekarski	adjective	hbs	library	adjective	eng
bijel	adjective	hbs	white	adjective	eng
bijeo	adjective	hbs	white	adjective	eng
bilateralan	adjective	hbs	bilateral	adjective	eng
biografski	adjective	hbs	biographic	adjective	eng
biohemijski	adjective	hbs	biochemical	adjective	eng
biokemijski	adjective	hbs	biochemical	adjective	eng
biometrijski	adjective	hbs	biometric	adjective	eng
biopoljoprivredni	adjective	hbs	bioagricultural	adjective	eng
birački	adjective	hbs	electoral	adjective	eng
birokratski	adjective	hbs	bureaucratic	adjective	eng
bitolski	adjective	hbs	Bitola	adjective	eng
bizantijski	adjective	hbs	Byzantine	adjective	eng
bizantinski	adjective	hbs	Byzantine	adjective	eng
bjeloruski	adjective	hbs	Belorusian	adjective	eng
blagoslovljen	adjective	hbs	blessed	adjective	eng
blizak	adjective	hbs	close	adjective	eng
blizak	adjective	hbs	former	adjective	eng
blizak	adjective	hbs	high	adjective	eng
blizak	adjective	hbs	near	adjective	eng
blizak	adjective	hbs	nearby	adjective	eng
blizak	adjective	hbs	senior	adjective	eng
blizak	adjective	hbs	tall	adjective	eng
blizak	adjective	hbs	top	adjective	eng
bližnji	adjective	hbs	neighbour	adjective	eng
blogerski	adjective	hbs	blogging	adjective	eng
boksački	adjective	hbs	boxer	adjective	eng
bolan	adjective	hbs	ill	adjective	eng
bolan	adjective	hbs	painful	adjective	eng
bolan	adjective	hbs	sick	adjective	eng
bolonjski	adjective	hbs	Bologna	adjective	eng
bombaški	adjective	hbs	bomb	adjective	eng
borben	adjective	hbs	battle	adjective	eng
bosanski	adjective	hbs	Bosnian	adjective	eng
bošnjački	adjective	hbs	Bosnian	adjective	eng
bostonski	adjective	hbs	Boston	adjective	eng
bračni	adjective	hbs	bridal	adjective	eng
bračni	adjective	hbs	conjugal	adjective	eng
bračni	adjective	hbs	marital	adjective	eng
bračni	adjective	hbs	married	adjective	eng
bračni	adjective	hbs	wedding	adjective	eng
bratski	adjective	hbs	brotherly	adjective	eng
brazilski	adjective	hbs	Brazilian	adjective	eng
brigadni	adjective	hbs	brigadier	adjective	eng
britanski	adjective	hbs	British	adjective	eng
brodski	adjective	hbs	ship	adjective	eng
brodvejski	adjective	hbs	Broadway	adjective	eng
brojni	adjective	hbs	numerous	adjective	eng
brokerski	adjective	hbs	broker	adjective	eng
brutalan	adjective	hbs	brutal	adjective	eng
brz	adjective	hbs	fast	adjective	eng
brz	adjective	hbs	prompt	adjective	eng
brz	adjective	hbs	quick	adjective	eng
brz	adjective	hbs	rapid	adjective	eng
brz	adjective	hbs	swift	adjective	eng
budući	adjective	hbs	future	adjective	eng
budući	adjective	hbs	next	adjective	eng
budžetski	adjective	hbs	budgetary	adjective	eng
bugarski	adjective	hbs	Bulgarian	adjective	eng
carigradski	adjective	hbs	old-town	adjective	eng
carinski	adjective	hbs	customs	adjective	eng
carski	adjective	hbs	imperial	adjective	eng
čečenski	adjective	hbs	Chechen	adjective	eng
centralni	adjective	hbs	central	adjective	eng
centralnoazijski	adjective	hbs	Central Asian	adjective	eng
centralnodesničarski	adjective	hbs	centre-right	adjective	eng
centralnoevropski	adjective	hbs	Central European	adjective	eng
češki	adjective	hbs	Czech	adjective	eng
čest	adjective	hbs	common	adjective	eng
čest	adjective	hbs	frequent	adjective	eng
čest	adjective	hbs	honoured	adjective	eng
čest	adjective	hbs	respected	adjective	eng
četirmetarski	adjective	hbs	four-metre	adjective	eng
ciganski	adjective	hbs	Roma	adjective	eng
cijel	adjective	hbs	entire	adjective	eng
cijel	adjective	hbs	full	adjective	eng
cijel	adjective	hbs	whole	adjective	eng
čileanski	adjective	hbs	Chilean	adjective	eng
ciparski	adjective	hbs	Cypriot	adjective	eng
čist	adjective	hbs	clean	adjective	eng
čist	adjective	hbs	clear	adjective	eng
čist	adjective	hbs	mere	adjective	eng
čist	adjective	hbs	pure	adjective	eng
civilni	adjective	hbs	civic	adjective	eng
civilni	adjective	hbs	civil	adjective	eng
cjelokupan	adjective	hbs	entire	adjective	eng
cjelokupan	adjective	hbs	overall	adjective	eng
cjelokupan	adjective	hbs	total	adjective	eng
cjelokupan	adjective	hbs	worthy	adjective	eng
cjelovit	adjective	hbs	complete	adjective	eng
cjelovit	adjective	hbs	full	adjective	eng
cjelovit	adjective	hbs	fully	adjective	eng
cjelovit	adjective	hbs	overall	adjective	eng
cjelovit	adjective	hbs	total	adjective	eng
članski	adjective	hbs	membership	adjective	eng
čovjekov	adjective	hbs	human	adjective	eng
crn	adjective	hbs	black	adjective	eng
crnogorski	adjective	hbs	Montenegrin	adjective	eng
crnomorski	adjective	hbs	Black Sea	adjective	eng
crven	adjective	hbs	red	adjective	eng
čudan	adjective	hbs	awkward	adjective	eng
čudan	adjective	hbs	interesting	adjective	eng
čudan	adjective	hbs	strange	adjective	eng
čudesan	adjective	hbs	wondrous	adjective	eng
cvjetni	adjective	hbs	flowery	adjective	eng
čvrst	adjective	hbs	firm	adjective	eng
čvrst	adjective	hbs	solid	adjective	eng
čvrst	adjective	hbs	strong	adjective	eng
dablinski	adjective	hbs	Dublin	adjective	eng
dalek	adjective	hbs	distant	adjective	eng
dalek	adjective	hbs	remote	adjective	eng
daljnji	adjective	hbs	far	adjective	eng
daljnji	adjective	hbs	subsequent	adjective	eng
dalmatinski	adjective	hbs	Dalmatian	adjective	eng
dan	adjective	hbs	given	adjective	eng
danski	adjective	hbs	Danish	adjective	eng
debeli	adjective	hbs	thick	adjective	eng
debeo	adjective	hbs	thick	adjective	eng
debitantski	adjective	hbs	debut	adjective	eng
definitivan	adjective	hbs	definite	adjective	eng
dejtonski	adjective	hbs	Dayton	adjective	eng
demografski	adjective	hbs	demographic	adjective	eng
demohrišćanski	adjective	hbs	Christian-democratic	adjective	eng
demokratski	adjective	hbs	democratic	adjective	eng
demokršćanski	adjective	hbs	Christian-democratic	adjective	eng
demonstracijski	adjective	hbs	demonstration	adjective	eng
depresijski	adjective	hbs	depressing	adjective	eng
desni	adjective	hbs	right	adjective	eng
desni	adjective	hbs	right-hand	adjective	eng
desni	adjective	hbs	right-wing	adjective	eng
desničarski	adjective	hbs	far-right	adjective	eng
desničarski	adjective	hbs	right	adjective	eng
desničarski	adjective	hbs	right-wing	adjective	eng
destabilizacijski	adjective	hbs	destabilising	adjective	eng
diktatorski	adjective	hbs	dictatorial	adjective	eng
dinamičan	adjective	hbs	dynamic	adjective	eng
dioničarski	adjective	hbs	shareholder's	adjective	eng
diplomatski	adjective	hbs	diplomatic	adjective	eng
direktan	adjective	hbs	direct	adjective	eng
direktan	adjective	hbs	immediate	adjective	eng
direktorski	adjective	hbs	director	adjective	eng
disciplinski	adjective	hbs	disciplinary	adjective	eng
diskriminacijski	adjective	hbs	discriminatory	adjective	eng
diskriminatorski	adjective	hbs	discriminatory	adjective	eng
distribucijski	adjective	hbs	distribution	adjective	eng
diverzantski	adjective	hbs	raider	adjective	eng
divlji	adjective	hbs	wild	adjective	eng
divovski	adjective	hbs	giant	adjective	eng
divovski	adjective	hbs	gigantic	adjective	eng
dizajnerski	adjective	hbs	designer	adjective	eng
dječji	adjective	hbs	child	adjective	eng
dječji	adjective	hbs	nursery	adjective	eng
djelimičan	adjective	hbs	partial	adjective	eng
djelimičan	adjective	hbs	partially	adjective	eng
djelomičan	adjective	hbs	partial	adjective	eng
djelomičan	adjective	hbs	partially	adjective	eng
dnevni	adjective	hbs	daily	adjective	eng
dobar	adjective	hbs	good	adjective	eng
dobar	adjective	hbs	kind	adjective	eng
dobrosusjedski	adjective	hbs	neighbourly	adjective	eng
dobrovoljan	adjective	hbs	voluntary	adjective	eng
dodijeljen	adjective	hbs	extended	adjective	eng
dojučerašnji	adjective	hbs	yesterday's	adjective	eng
domaći	adjective	hbs	domestic	adjective	eng
domoljubni	adjective	hbs	patriotic	adjective	eng
donatorski	adjective	hbs	generous	adjective	eng
donesen	adjective	hbs	reported	adjective	eng
donji	adjective	hbs	low	adjective	eng
dopunski	adjective	hbs	additional	adjective	eng
dopunski	adjective	hbs	extra	adjective	eng
dopunski	adjective	hbs	supplementary	adjective	eng
dosadašnji	adjective	hbs	supreme	adjective	eng
dovoljan	adjective	hbs	insufficient	adjective	eng
dovoljan	adjective	hbs	short	adjective	eng
dovoljan	adjective	hbs	sufficient	adjective	eng
doživotan	adjective	hbs	life	adjective	eng
doživotan	adjective	hbs	life-long	adjective	eng
dozvoljen	adjective	hbs	allowed	adjective	eng
dozvoljen	adjective	hbs	permitted	adjective	eng
dramski	adjective	hbs	dramatic	adjective	eng
drastičan	adjective	hbs	dramatic	adjective	eng
drastičan	adjective	hbs	drastic	adjective	eng
drevan	adjective	hbs	ancient	adjective	eng
drevan	adjective	hbs	antique	adjective	eng
drugi	adjective	hbs	different	adjective	eng
drugi	adjective	hbs	other	adjective	eng
državni	adjective	hbs	civil	adjective	eng
državni	adjective	hbs	national	adjective	eng
državni	adjective	hbs	public	adjective	eng
državni	adjective	hbs	state	adjective	eng
dublinski	adjective	hbs	Dublin	adjective	eng
dubok	adjective	hbs	deep	adjective	eng
dug	adjective	hbs	lengthy	adjective	eng
dug	adjective	hbs	long	adjective	eng
dugotrajan	adjective	hbs	lengthy	adjective	eng
dugotrajan	adjective	hbs	long	adjective	eng
duhanski	adjective	hbs	tobacco	adjective	eng
duhovan	adjective	hbs	ecclesiastical	adjective	eng
duhovan	adjective	hbs	spiritual	adjective	eng
dunavski	adjective	hbs	Danube	adjective	eng
dvodnevni	adjective	hbs	bicameral	adjective	eng
dvodnevni	adjective	hbs	two-day	adjective	eng
dvopartijski	adjective	hbs	stable	adjective	eng
dvostranački	adjective	hbs	stable	adjective	eng
dvostruk	adjective	hbs	double	adjective	eng
dvostruk	adjective	hbs	dual	adjective	eng
dvostruk	adjective	hbs	twofold	adjective	eng
džinovski	adjective	hbs	giant	adjective	eng
džinovski	adjective	hbs	gigantic	adjective	eng
efikasan	adjective	hbs	effective	adjective	eng
efikasan	adjective	hbs	efficient	adjective	eng
egejski	adjective	hbs	Adriatic	adjective	eng
egipatski	adjective	hbs	Egyptian	adjective	eng
ekološki	adjective	hbs	ecological	adjective	eng
ekološki	adjective	hbs	environmental	adjective	eng
ekonomski	adjective	hbs	economic	adjective	eng
ekscentričan	adjective	hbs	eccentric	adjective	eng
eksperimentalan	adjective	hbs	experimental	adjective	eng
ekspertni	adjective	hbs	expert	adjective	eng
ekspertski	adjective	hbs	expert	adjective	eng
ekstradiran	adjective	hbs	extradited	adjective	eng
elegantan	adjective	hbs	elegant	adjective	eng
električan	adjective	hbs	electrical	adjective	eng
elektronski	adjective	hbs	electronic	adjective	eng
elitan	adjective	hbs	elite	adjective	eng
emigracijski	adjective	hbs	emigrant	adjective	eng
emocionalan	adjective	hbs	emotional	adjective	eng
enciklopedijski	adjective	hbs	encyclopaedic	adjective	eng
energetski	adjective	hbs	energetic	adjective	eng
energetski	adjective	hbs	energy	adjective	eng
energičan	adjective	hbs	energetic	adjective	eng
energičan	adjective	hbs	vigorous	adjective	eng
engleski	adjective	hbs	English	adjective	eng
estetski	adjective	hbs	aesthetic	adjective	eng
estonski	adjective	hbs	Estonian	adjective	eng
etnički	adjective	hbs	ethnic	adjective	eng
etnografski	adjective	hbs	ethnographic	adjective	eng
etrurski	adjective	hbs	Etruscan	adjective	eng
euroatlanski	adjective	hbs	Euro-Atlantic	adjective	eng
euroatlantski	adjective	hbs	Euro-Atlantic	adjective	eng
euroazijski	adjective	hbs	Eurasian	adjective	eng
europski	adjective	hbs	European	adjective	eng
evangelički	adjective	hbs	evangelist	adjective	eng
eventualan	adjective	hbs	eventual	adjective	eng
eventualan	adjective	hbs	possible	adjective	eng
eventualan	adjective	hbs	potential	adjective	eng
evroazijski	adjective	hbs	Eurasian	adjective	eng
evropski	adjective	hbs	European	adjective	eng
famozan	adjective	hbs	famous	adjective	eng
fantastičan	adjective	hbs	fantastic	adjective	eng
fantastičan	adjective	hbs	thrilling	adjective	eng
fantomski	adjective	hbs	phantom	adjective	eng
farmaceutski	adjective	hbs	pharmaceutical	adjective	eng
farmakoterapeutski	adjective	hbs	pharmacotherapeutic	adjective	eng
fatalan	adjective	hbs	fatal	adjective	eng
februarski	adjective	hbs	February	adjective	eng
fenomenalan	adjective	hbs	phenomenal	adjective	eng
festivalski	adjective	hbs	festival	adjective	eng
filharmonijski	adjective	hbs	philharmonic	adjective	eng
filmski	adjective	hbs	film	adjective	eng
filozofski	adjective	hbs	philosophic	adjective	eng
fin	adjective	hbs	delicate	adjective	eng
fin	adjective	hbs	fine	adjective	eng
fin	adjective	hbs	nice	adjective	eng
finalni	adjective	hbs	final	adjective	eng
financijski	adjective	hbs	financial	adjective	eng
finansijski	adjective	hbs	financial	adjective	eng
finski	adjective	hbs	Finnish	adjective	eng
fiskalni	adjective	hbs	fiscal	adjective	eng
fondacijski	adjective	hbs	foundation	adjective	eng
formalan	adjective	hbs	formal	adjective	eng
formiran	adjective	hbs	formed	adjective	eng
fotografski	adjective	hbs	photographic	adjective	eng
francuski	adjective	hbs	French	adjective	eng
franjevački	adjective	hbs	Franciscan	adjective	eng
frankfurtski	adjective	hbs	Frankfurt	adjective	eng
frankofoni	adjective	hbs	francophone	adjective	eng
fudbalski	adjective	hbs	football	adjective	eng
funkcionalan	adjective	hbs	functional	adjective	eng
funkcionalan	adjective	hbs	operational	adjective	eng
funkcionerski	adjective	hbs	civil-service	adjective	eng
gangsterski	adjective	hbs	gangster	adjective	eng
garancijski	adjective	hbs	guarantee	adjective	eng
garantni	adjective	hbs	guarantee	adjective	eng
generalan	adjective	hbs	general	adjective	eng
generalski	adjective	hbs	general	adjective	eng
genetski	adjective	hbs	genetic	adjective	eng
geoekonomski	adjective	hbs	geoeconomic	adjective	eng
geografski	adjective	hbs	geographic	adjective	eng
geomagnetski	adjective	hbs	geomagnetic	adjective	eng
geometrijski	adjective	hbs	geometric	adjective	eng
gigantski	adjective	hbs	giant	adjective	eng
gigantski	adjective	hbs	gigantic	adjective	eng
gimnastičarski	adjective	hbs	gymnastic	adjective	eng
gladak	adjective	hbs	smooth	adjective	eng
glasački	adjective	hbs	ballot	adjective	eng
glasački	adjective	hbs	voting	adjective	eng
glavni	adjective	hbs	key	adjective	eng
glavni	adjective	hbs	leading	adjective	eng
glavni	adjective	hbs	main	adjective	eng
glavni	adjective	hbs	major	adjective	eng
glavni	adjective	hbs	primary	adjective	eng
glavni	adjective	hbs	prime	adjective	eng
glavni	adjective	hbs	principal	adjective	eng
glavni	adjective	hbs	top	adjective	eng
globalan	adjective	hbs	global	adjective	eng
gnjio	adjective	hbs	rotten	adjective	eng
godišnji	adjective	hbs	annual	adjective	eng
godišnji	adjective	hbs	yearly	adjective	eng
golanski	adjective	hbs	Golan	adjective	eng
gornji	adjective	hbs	upper	adjective	eng
gorski	adjective	hbs	mountain	adjective	eng
gotski	adjective	hbs	Gothic	adjective	eng
građanski	adjective	hbs	civic	adjective	eng
građanski	adjective	hbs	civil	adjective	eng
građevinski	adjective	hbs	building	adjective	eng
građevinski	adjective	hbs	civil	adjective	eng
gradski	adjective	hbs	city	adjective	eng
grandiozan	adjective	hbs	grandiose	adjective	eng
graničan	adjective	hbs	border	adjective	eng
graničan	adjective	hbs	frontier	adjective	eng
grčki	adjective	hbs	Greek	adjective	eng
grnčarski	adjective	hbs	pottery	adjective	eng
gruzijski	adjective	hbs	Georgian	adjective	eng
gust	adjective	hbs	dense	adjective	eng
gust	adjective	hbs	thick	adjective	eng
guvernerski	adjective	hbs	governor	adjective	eng
hapšenje	noun	hbs	arrest	noun	eng
hapšenje	noun	hbs	capture	noun	eng
haški	adjective	hbs	Hague	adjective	eng
haskovski	adjective	hbs	Haskovo	adjective	eng
hebrejski	adjective	hbs	Jewish	adjective	eng
helikopterski	adjective	hbs	helicopter	adjective	eng
hemijski	adjective	hbs	chemical	adjective	eng
hemoterapijski	adjective	hbs	chemotherapy	adjective	eng
hercegovački	adjective	hbs	Herzegovinian	adjective	eng
hidroenergetski	adjective	hbs	hydro-energetic	adjective	eng
higijenski	adjective	hbs	hygenic	adjective	eng
hilendarski	adjective	hbs	highland	adjective	eng
hitan	adjective	hbs	emergency	adjective	eng
hitan	adjective	hbs	immediate	adjective	eng
hitan	adjective	hbs	urgent	adjective	eng
hititski	adjective	hbs	Hittite	adjective	eng
hladan	adjective	hbs	bitter	adjective	eng
hladan	adjective	hbs	cold	adjective	eng
hladan	adjective	hbs	cool	adjective	eng
holandski	adjective	hbs	Dutch	adjective	eng
holivudski	adjective	hbs	Hollywood	adjective	eng
holografski	adjective	hbs	holographic	adjective	eng
horski	adjective	hbs	choral	adjective	eng
hotelski	adjective	hbs	hotel	adjective	eng
hrišćanski	adjective	hbs	Christian	adjective	eng
hroničan	adjective	hbs	chronic	adjective	eng
hrvatski	adjective	hbs	Croatian	adjective	eng
huliganski	adjective	hbs	hooligan	adjective	eng
humanitaran	adjective	hbs	humanitarian	adjective	eng
idealan	adjective	hbs	ideal	adjective	eng
ilegalan	adjective	hbs	illegal	adjective	eng
ilindenski	adjective	hbs	Ilinden	adjective	eng
ilirski	adjective	hbs	Illyrian	adjective	eng
imigracijski	adjective	hbs	immigrant	adjective	eng
imigrantski	adjective	hbs	immigrant	adjective	eng
imotski	adjective	hbs	possessed	adjective	eng
imovinski	adjective	hbs	rich	adjective	eng
imperatorski	adjective	hbs	imperial	adjective	eng
impozantan	adjective	hbs	impressive	adjective	eng
indijanski	adjective	hbs	Indian	adjective	eng
indijski	adjective	hbs	Indian	adjective	eng
indirektan	adjective	hbs	indirect	adjective	eng
individualan	adjective	hbs	individual	adjective	eng
indonezijski	adjective	hbs	Indonesian	adjective	eng
industrijski	adjective	hbs	industrial	adjective	eng
inflacijski	adjective	hbs	inflationary	adjective	eng
informacijski	adjective	hbs	informational	adjective	eng
informativan	adjective	hbs	informational	adjective	eng
informativan	adjective	hbs	informative	adjective	eng
informativan	adjective	hbs	news	adjective	eng
infrastrukturni	adjective	hbs	infrastructure	adjective	eng
inostrani	adjective	hbs	foreign	adjective	eng
inovacijski	adjective	hbs	innovative	adjective	eng
inozemni	adjective	hbs	foreign	adjective	eng
inspektorski	adjective	hbs	investigation	adjective	eng
insulinski	adjective	hbs	insulin	adjective	eng
integracijski	adjective	hbs	integration	adjective	eng
intenzivan	adjective	hbs	intense	adjective	eng
intenzivan	adjective	hbs	intensive	adjective	eng
interesantan	adjective	hbs	interesting	adjective	eng
internacionalan	adjective	hbs	international	adjective	eng
intiman	adjective	hbs	intimate	adjective	eng
intiman	adjective	hbs	personal	adjective	eng
invalidski	adjective	hbs	invalid	adjective	eng
investicijski	adjective	hbs	investing	adjective	eng
investicijski	adjective	hbs	investment	adjective	eng
investicioni	adjective	hbs	investing	adjective	eng
investicioni	adjective	hbs	investment	adjective	eng
investitorski	adjective	hbs	investment	adjective	eng
inženjerski	adjective	hbs	engineering	adjective	eng
inzulinski	adjective	hbs	insulin	adjective	eng
irački	adjective	hbs	Iraqi	adjective	eng
iranski	adjective	hbs	Iranian	adjective	eng
irski	adjective	hbs	Irish	adjective	eng
iščezao	adjective	hbs	missing	adjective	eng
iskorišten	adjective	hbs	tapped	adjective	eng
islamistički	adjective	hbs	Islamist	adjective	eng
islamski	adjective	hbs	Islamic	adjective	eng
islamski	adjective	hbs	islamist	adjective	eng
islamski	adjective	hbs	Muslim	adjective	eng
islandski	adjective	hbs	Icelandic	adjective	eng
ispraćen	adjective	hbs	followed	adjective	eng
ispunjen	adjective	hbs	approved	adjective	eng
istanbulski	adjective	hbs	Istanbul	adjective	eng
isti	adjective	hbs	corresponding	adjective	eng
isti	adjective	hbs	equivalent	adjective	eng
isti	adjective	hbs	same	adjective	eng
isti	adjective	hbs	similar	adjective	eng
isti	adjective	hbs	uniform	adjective	eng
istinski	adjective	hbs	actual	adjective	eng
istinski	adjective	hbs	genuine	adjective	eng
istinski	adjective	hbs	proper	adjective	eng
istinski	adjective	hbs	real	adjective	eng
istinski	adjective	hbs	right	adjective	eng
istinski	adjective	hbs	true	adjective	eng
istočni	adjective	hbs	east	adjective	eng
istočni	adjective	hbs	eastern	adjective	eng
istočnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	East European	adjective	eng
istočnoevropski	adjective	hbs	East European	adjective	eng
istorijski	adjective	hbs	historical	adjective	eng
istraživački	adjective	hbs	research	adjective	eng
italijanski	adjective	hbs	Italian	adjective	eng
izabran	adjective	hbs	elected	adjective	eng
izbjeglički	adjective	hbs	fugitive	adjective	eng
izbjeglički	adjective	hbs	refugee	adjective	eng
izborni	adjective	hbs	electoral	adjective	eng
izborni	adjective	hbs	optional	adjective	eng
izborni	adjective	hbs	voting	adjective	eng
izdan	adjective	hbs	published	adjective	eng
izmirski	adjective	hbs	Izmir	adjective	eng
izniman	adjective	hbs	exceptional	adjective	eng
izniman	adjective	hbs	negative	adjective	eng
izniman	adjective	hbs	popular	adjective	eng
izniman	adjective	hbs	rich	adjective	eng
izraelski	adjective	hbs	Israeli	adjective	eng
izvjestan	adjective	hbs	certain	adjective	eng
izvršen	adjective	hbs	executive	adjective	eng
izvršen	adjective	hbs	final	adjective	eng
jadranski	adjective	hbs	Adriatic	adjective	eng
jak	adjective	hbs	able	adjective	eng
jak	adjective	hbs	powerful	adjective	eng
jak	adjective	hbs	strong	adjective	eng
janjičarski	adjective	hbs	janissary	adjective	eng
januarski	adjective	hbs	January	adjective	eng
japanski	adjective	hbs	Japanese	adjective	eng
jasan	adjective	hbs	clear	adjective	eng
jasan	adjective	hbs	still	adjective	eng
javan	adjective	hbs	general	adjective	eng
javan	adjective	hbs	open	adjective	eng
javan	adjective	hbs	public	adjective	eng
jedini	adjective	hbs	only	adjective	eng
jedini	adjective	hbs	single	adjective	eng
jedini	adjective	hbs	sole	adjective	eng
jedini	adjective	hbs	unique	adjective	eng
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	only	adjective	eng
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	single	adjective	eng
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	sole	adjective	eng
jedinstven	adjective	hbs	unique	adjective	eng
jednak	adjective	hbs	equal	adjective	eng
jednak	adjective	hbs	equivalent	adjective	eng
jednak	adjective	hbs	identical	adjective	eng
jednak	adjective	hbs	similar	adjective	eng
jednak	adjective	hbs	uniform	adjective	eng
jednodnevni	adjective	hbs	one-day	adjective	eng
jednoglasan	adjective	hbs	monotonous	adjective	eng
jednoglasan	adjective	hbs	unanimous	adjective	eng
jednoglasan	adjective	hbs	universal	adjective	eng
jednopartijski	adjective	hbs	single-party	adjective	eng
jednostavan	adjective	hbs	easy	adjective	eng
jednostavan	adjective	hbs	simple	adjective	eng
jednostavan	adjective	hbs	straightforward	adjective	eng
jednostranački	adjective	hbs	single-party	adjective	eng
jednostran	adjective	hbs	biased	adjective	eng
jednostran	adjective	hbs	one-sided	adjective	eng
jednostran	adjective	hbs	unilateral	adjective	eng
jermenski	adjective	hbs	Armenian	adjective	eng
jesenski	adjective	hbs	seasonal	adjective	eng
jevrejski	adjective	hbs	Jewish	adjective	eng
jonski	adjective	hbs	Ionian	adjective	eng
jordanski	adjective	hbs	Jordanian	adjective	eng
jučerašnji	adjective	hbs	possible	adjective	eng
jugoistočni	adjective	hbs	South-eastern	adjective	eng
jugoslavenski	adjective	hbs	Yugoslav	adjective	eng
jugoslavenski	adjective	hbs	Yugoslavian	adjective	eng
jugoslovenski	adjective	hbs	Yugoslav	adjective	eng
jugoslovenski	adjective	hbs	Yugoslavian	adjective	eng
juniorski	adjective	hbs	junior	adjective	eng
junski	adjective	hbs	June	adjective	eng
jutarnji	adjective	hbs	morning	adjective	eng
južni	adjective	hbs	south	adjective	eng
južni	adjective	hbs	southern	adjective	eng
južnoafrički	adjective	hbs	South African	adjective	eng
južnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	South European	adjective	eng
južnoevropski	adjective	hbs	South European	adjective	eng
južnokorejski	adjective	hbs	South Korean	adjective	eng
južnoslavenski	adjective	hbs	South Slavic	adjective	eng
kabelski	adjective	hbs	Kabul	adjective	eng
kadrovski	adjective	hbs	personnel	adjective	eng
kaligrafski	adjective	hbs	caligraphic	adjective	eng
kanadski	adjective	hbs	Canadian	adjective	eng
kanalizacijski	adjective	hbs	sewerage	adjective	eng
kanarski	adjective	hbs	Canary	adjective	eng
kancelarijski	adjective	hbs	square	adjective	eng
kandidatski	adjective	hbs	candidate	adjective	eng
kanonski	adjective	hbs	canonical	adjective	eng
kantonski	adjective	hbs	cantonal	adjective	eng
karipski	adjective	hbs	Caribbean	adjective	eng
karnevalski	adjective	hbs	carneval	adjective	eng
kartonski	adjective	hbs	plastic	adjective	eng
katarski	adjective	hbs	Qatar	adjective	eng
katastrofalan	adjective	hbs	disastrous	adjective	eng
kavgadžijski	adjective	hbs	contentious	adjective	eng
kavkaski	adjective	hbs	Caucasian	adjective	eng
kazahstanski	adjective	hbs	Kazakhstani	adjective	eng
kemijski	adjective	hbs	chemical	adjective	eng
kemoterapijski	adjective	hbs	chemotherapy	adjective	eng
kilometarski	adjective	hbs	kilometre	adjective	eng
kinematografski	adjective	hbs	cinematographic	adjective	eng
kineski	adjective	hbs	Chinese	adjective	eng
kiparski	adjective	hbs	Cypriot	adjective	eng
klimatski	adjective	hbs	climate	adjective	eng
ključan	adjective	hbs	critical	adjective	eng
ključan	adjective	hbs	crucial	adjective	eng
ključan	adjective	hbs	key	adjective	eng
koalicijski	adjective	hbs	coalition	adjective	eng
kolektivan	adjective	hbs	collective	adjective	eng
kolovoški	adjective	hbs	August	adjective	eng
komitski	adjective	hbs	revolutionary	adjective	eng
kompenzatorski	adjective	hbs	compensatory	adjective	eng
kompjuterski	adjective	hbs	commuter	adjective	eng
kompjuterski	adjective	hbs	computer	adjective	eng
kompjutorski	adjective	hbs	commuter	adjective	eng
kompjutorski	adjective	hbs	computer	adjective	eng
komunikacijski	adjective	hbs	communication	adjective	eng
komunistički	adjective	hbs	communist	adjective	eng
konačan	adjective	hbs	eventual	adjective	eng
konačan	adjective	hbs	final	adjective	eng
konačan	adjective	hbs	future	adjective	eng
konačan	adjective	hbs	sustainable	adjective	eng
konditorski	adjective	hbs	confectionery	adjective	eng
konferencijski	adjective	hbs	conference	adjective	eng
kongoanski	adjective	hbs	Congolese	adjective	eng
konjski	adjective	hbs	horse	adjective	eng
konkretan	adjective	hbs	actual	adjective	eng
konkretan	adjective	hbs	concrete	adjective	eng
konkretan	adjective	hbs	particular	adjective	eng
konkretan	adjective	hbs	specific	adjective	eng
konkurentski	adjective	hbs	competitive	adjective	eng
konkurentski	adjective	hbs	rival	adjective	eng
konstruktivan	adjective	hbs	constructive	adjective	eng
konstruktivan	adjective	hbs	meaningful	adjective	eng
konsultantski	adjective	hbs	consultant	adjective	eng
kontejnerski	adjective	hbs	container	adjective	eng
kontinuiran	adjective	hbs	continuous	adjective	eng
kontinuisan	adjective	hbs	continuous	adjective	eng
kontrolni	adjective	hbs	control	adjective	eng
kontroverzan	adjective	hbs	controversial	adjective	eng
konvencijski	adjective	hbs	convention	adjective	eng
konzervatorski	adjective	hbs	conservation	adjective	eng
konzultantski	adjective	hbs	consultant	adjective	eng
korejski	adjective	hbs	Korean	adjective	eng
koreografski	adjective	hbs	choreographic	adjective	eng
korintski	adjective	hbs	Corinthian	adjective	eng
koristan	adjective	hbs	beneficial	adjective	eng
koristan	adjective	hbs	positive	adjective	eng
koristan	adjective	hbs	useful	adjective	eng
korpulentan	adjective	hbs	corpulent	adjective	eng
korupcijski	adjective	hbs	corrupt	adjective	eng
kosmopolitski	adjective	hbs	cosmopolitan	adjective	eng
kosovski	adjective	hbs	Kosovar	adjective	eng
kozarski	adjective	hbs	Kozara	adjective	eng
kozmopolitski	adjective	hbs	cosmopolitan	adjective	eng
krajnji	adjective	hbs	extreme	adjective	eng
krajnji	adjective	hbs	final	adjective	eng
krajnji	adjective	hbs	ultimate	adjective	eng
kraljevski	adjective	hbs	kingly	adjective	eng
kraljevski	adjective	hbs	regal	adjective	eng
kraljevski	adjective	hbs	royal	adjective	eng
kratak	adjective	hbs	brief	adjective	eng
kratak	adjective	hbs	short	adjective	eng
kreditorski	adjective	hbs	creditor	adjective	eng
kriminalan	adjective	hbs	criminal	adjective	eng
kriptografski	adjective	hbs	cryptographic	adjective	eng
kristalan	adjective	hbs	crystal	adjective	eng
kritičan	adjective	hbs	critical	adjective	eng
kritski	adjective	hbs	Cretan	adjective	eng
krivični	adjective	hbs	criminal	adjective	eng
krivični	adjective	hbs	penal	adjective	eng
krivo	adjective	hbs	guilty	adjective	eng
kroničan	adjective	hbs	chronic	adjective	eng
kršćanski	adjective	hbs	Christian	adjective	eng
krupan	adjective	hbs	large	adjective	eng
kružan	adjective	hbs	circular	adjective	eng
kubanski	adjective	hbs	Cuban	adjective	eng
kubni	adjective	hbs	cubic	adjective	eng
kuharski	adjective	hbs	cooking	adjective	eng
kulinarski	adjective	hbs	culinary	adjective	eng
kulturan	adjective	hbs	cultural	adjective	eng
kurdistanski	adjective	hbs	Kurdistan	adjective	eng
kurdski	adjective	hbs	Kurdish	adjective	eng
kuvajtski	adjective	hbs	Kuwaiti	adjective	eng
kvadratni	adjective	hbs	square	adjective	eng
kvalifikacijski	adjective	hbs	qualifying	adjective	eng
laboratorijski	adjective	hbs	laboratory	adjective	eng
lagan	adjective	hbs	easy	adjective	eng
lagan	adjective	hbs	light	adjective	eng
lagan	adjective	hbs	small	adjective	eng
latinoamerički	adjective	hbs	Latin American	adjective	eng
latinski	adjective	hbs	Latin	adjective	eng
latvijski	adjective	hbs	Latvian	adjective	eng
lažan	adjective	hbs	false	adjective	eng
lažan	adjective	hbs	fraudulent	adjective	eng
legalan	adjective	hbs	legal	adjective	eng
legendaran	adjective	hbs	legendary	adjective	eng
legitiman	adjective	hbs	legitimate	adjective	eng
libanonski	adjective	hbs	Lebanese	adjective	eng
liberalan	adjective	hbs	liberal	adjective	eng
libijski	adjective	hbs	Libyan	adjective	eng
ličan	adjective	hbs	own	adjective	eng
ličan	adjective	hbs	personal	adjective	eng
ličan	adjective	hbs	proper	adjective	eng
lihtenštajnski	adjective	hbs	Lichensteinian	adjective	eng
liječnički	adjective	hbs	medical	adjective	eng
lijep	adjective	hbs	beautiful	adjective	eng
lijevi	adjective	hbs	left	adjective	eng
lipanjski	adjective	hbs	June	adjective	eng
lisabonski	adjective	hbs	Lisbon	adjective	eng
lišen	adjective	hbs	devoid	adjective	eng
litvanski	adjective	hbs	Lithuanian	adjective	eng
ljevičarski	adjective	hbs	left	adjective	eng
ljevičarski	adjective	hbs	leftist	adjective	eng
ljubljanski	adjective	hbs	Ljubljana	adjective	eng
ljudski	adjective	hbs	human	adjective	eng
ljut	adjective	hbs	angry	adjective	eng
lokalan	adjective	hbs	local	adjective	eng
lokalan	adjective	hbs	municipal	adjective	eng
loš	adjective	hbs	bad	adjective	eng
loš	adjective	hbs	ill	adjective	eng
loš	adjective	hbs	poor	adjective	eng
loš	adjective	hbs	weak	adjective	eng
lovački	adjective	hbs	shotgun	adjective	eng
mađarski	adjective	hbs	Hungarian	adjective	eng
madridski	adjective	hbs	Madrid	adjective	eng
magistarski	adjective	hbs	master's	adjective	eng
majski	adjective	hbs	May	adjective	eng
makedonski	adjective	hbs	Macedonian	adjective	eng
makroekonomski	adjective	hbs	macroeconomic	adjective	eng
maksimalan	adjective	hbs	maximum	adjective	eng
mal	adjective	hbs	junior	adjective	eng
mal	adjective	hbs	little	adjective	eng
mal	adjective	hbs	low	adjective	eng
mal	adjective	hbs	minor	adjective	eng
mal	adjective	hbs	petty	adjective	eng
mal	adjective	hbs	short	adjective	eng
mal	adjective	hbs	slight	adjective	eng
mal	adjective	hbs	slim	adjective	eng
mal	adjective	hbs	small	adjective	eng
mal	adjective	hbs	tiny	adjective	eng
malen	adjective	hbs	junior	adjective	eng
malen	adjective	hbs	little	adjective	eng
malen	adjective	hbs	low	adjective	eng
malen	adjective	hbs	minor	adjective	eng
malen	adjective	hbs	petty	adjective	eng
malen	adjective	hbs	short	adjective	eng
malen	adjective	hbs	slight	adjective	eng
malen	adjective	hbs	slim	adjective	eng
malen	adjective	hbs	small	adjective	eng
malen	adjective	hbs	tiny	adjective	eng
malezijski	adjective	hbs	Malaysian	adjective	eng
malokalibarski	adjective	hbs	small	adjective	eng
malokalibarski	adjective	hbs	sporting	adjective	eng
maloljetan	adjective	hbs	underage	adjective	eng
manastirski	adjective	hbs	monastery	adjective	eng
mandarinski	adjective	hbs	Mandarin	adjective	eng
manjinski	adjective	hbs	minority	adjective	eng
maratonski	adjective	hbs	marathon	adjective	eng
marokanski	adjective	hbs	Morrocan	adjective	eng
martovski	adjective	hbs	terrorist	adjective	eng
mašinski	adjective	hbs	machine	adjective	eng
mašinski	adjective	hbs	mechanical	adjective	eng
masovan	adjective	hbs	grave	adjective	eng
masovan	adjective	hbs	mass	adjective	eng
masovan	adjective	hbs	massive	adjective	eng
materijalan	adjective	hbs	material	adjective	eng
maturalni	adjective	hbs	mature	adjective	eng
maturski	adjective	hbs	mature	adjective	eng
meden	adjective	hbs	honey-like	adjective	eng
medicinski	adjective	hbs	medical	adjective	eng
medijski	adjective	hbs	media	adjective	eng
mediteranski	adjective	hbs	Mediterranean	adjective	eng
međucivilizacijski	adjective	hbs	inter-civilisation	adjective	eng
međuministerski	adjective	hbs	interministerial	adjective	eng
međunarodni	adjective	hbs	international	adjective	eng
međupartijski	adjective	hbs	socialist	adjective	eng
međureligijski	adjective	hbs	religious	adjective	eng
međustranački	adjective	hbs	socialist	adjective	eng
međususjedski	adjective	hbs	neighbourly	adjective	eng
međuuniverzitetski	adjective	hbs	international	adjective	eng
međuusveučilišni	adjective	hbs	international	adjective	eng
međuvjerski	adjective	hbs	religious	adjective	eng
megalomanski	adjective	hbs	megalomanic	adjective	eng
mek	adjective	hbs	soft	adjective	eng
meksički	adjective	hbs	Mexican	adjective	eng
menadžerski	adjective	hbs	managerial	adjective	eng
menadžerski	adjective	hbs	managing	adjective	eng
mentorski	adjective	hbs	mentoring	adjective	eng
metalski	adjective	hbs	metal	adjective	eng
metarski	adjective	hbs	metric	adjective	eng
metropolski	adjective	hbs	metropolitan	adjective	eng
mezolitski	adjective	hbs	mesolithic	adjective	eng
migracijski	adjective	hbs	migrant	adjective	eng
migracijski	adjective	hbs	migratory	adjective	eng
mikenski	adjective	hbs	Mycenaean	adjective	eng
mikrofinancijski	adjective	hbs	micro-finance	adjective	eng
mikroklimatski	adjective	hbs	micro-climate	adjective	eng
milanski	adjective	hbs	Milan	adjective	eng
milimetarski	adjective	hbs	millimetre	adjective	eng
minejski	adjective	hbs	Minoan	adjective	eng
minimalan	adjective	hbs	minimal	adjective	eng
minimalan	adjective	hbs	minimum	adjective	eng
ministarski	adjective	hbs	ministerial	adjective	eng
minuli	adjective	hbs	past	adjective	eng
minutni	adjective	hbs	minute	adjective	eng
minutni	adjective	hbs	moment	adjective	eng
miokenski	adjective	hbs	Mycenaean	adjective	eng
miran	adjective	hbs	calm	adjective	eng
miran	adjective	hbs	peaceful	adjective	eng
miran	adjective	hbs	quiet	adjective	eng
mirovinski	adjective	hbs	pension	adjective	eng
mirovni	adjective	hbs	peace	adjective	eng
misteriozan	adjective	hbs	mysterious	adjective	eng
mjeren	adjective	hbs	measurement	adjective	eng
mjesečni	adjective	hbs	monthly	adjective	eng
mlad	adjective	hbs	young	adjective	eng
mladeški	adjective	hbs	young	adjective	eng
mladeški	adjective	hbs	youth	adjective	eng
mliječan	adjective	hbs	dairy	adjective	eng
mliječan	adjective	hbs	milk	adjective	eng
mobilan	adjective	hbs	mobile	adjective	eng
moderan	adjective	hbs	modern	adjective	eng
modni	adjective	hbs	fashion	adjective	eng
mogućan	adjective	hbs	likely	adjective	eng
mogućan	adjective	hbs	possible	adjective	eng
mogućan	adjective	hbs	potential	adjective	eng
mokar	adjective	hbs	wet	adjective	eng
moldavski	adjective	hbs	Moldovan	adjective	eng
momentalan	adjective	hbs	current	adjective	eng
momentalan	adjective	hbs	present	adjective	eng
mongolski	adjective	hbs	Mongol	adjective	eng
monopolski	adjective	hbs	monopolistic	adjective	eng
monumentalan	adjective	hbs	monumental	adjective	eng
moralan	adjective	hbs	moral	adjective	eng
morski	adjective	hbs	maritime	adjective	eng
moskovski	adjective	hbs	Moscovite	adjective	eng
mračan	adjective	hbs	dark	adjective	eng
mračan	adjective	hbs	obscure	adjective	eng
mračan	adjective	hbs	opaque	adjective	eng
mračan	adjective	hbs	surly	adjective	eng
mrtav	adjective	hbs	dead	adjective	eng
mrtav	adjective	hbs	deceased	adjective	eng
mrtav	adjective	hbs	defunct	adjective	eng
mudžahedinski	adjective	hbs	Mujahadeen	adjective	eng
multietnički	adjective	hbs	multi-ethnic	adjective	eng
muslimanski	adjective	hbs	Muslim	adjective	eng
muzejski	adjective	hbs	museum	adjective	eng
muzički	adjective	hbs	musical	adjective	eng
nacionalan	adjective	hbs	national	adjective	eng
nacionalistički	adjective	hbs	nationalist	adjective	eng
nadgledan	adjective	hbs	supervised	adjective	eng
nadležan	adjective	hbs	authorised	adjective	eng
nadležan	adjective	hbs	competent	adjective	eng
nadležan	adjective	hbs	responsible	adjective	eng
nadministarski	adjective	hbs	super-ministerial	adjective	eng
nadzorni	adjective	hbs	supervisory	adjective	eng
naivan	adjective	hbs	naïve	adjective	eng
namijenjen	adjective	hbs	intended	adjective	eng
namjeran	adjective	hbs	deliberate	adjective	eng
namjeran	adjective	hbs	intended	adjective	eng
naoružan	adjective	hbs	armed	adjective	eng
napravljen	adjective	hbs	done	adjective	eng
naredni	adjective	hbs	ordered	adjective	eng
narodni	adjective	hbs	national	adjective	eng
naseljen	adjective	hbs	inhabited	adjective	eng
naseljen	adjective	hbs	populated	adjective	eng
naslovljen	adjective	hbs	titular	adjective	eng
naveden	adjective	hbs	specified	adjective	eng
navigacijski	adjective	hbs	navigational	adjective	eng
navodni	adjective	hbs	alleged	adjective	eng
navodni	adjective	hbs	supposed	adjective	eng
naznačen	adjective	hbs	supreme	adjective	eng
neafrički	adjective	hbs	non-African	adjective	eng
nealbanski	adjective	hbs	non-Albanian	adjective	eng
nearapski	adjective	hbs	non-Arab	adjective	eng
nebeski	adjective	hbs	heavenly	adjective	eng
nečist	adjective	hbs	guilty	adjective	eng
nedavan	adjective	hbs	late	adjective	eng
nedavan	adjective	hbs	new	adjective	eng
nedavan	adjective	hbs	recent	adjective	eng
nedemokratski	adjective	hbs	undemocratic	adjective	eng
nediskriminacijski	adjective	hbs	non-discriminatory	adjective	eng
nediskriminatorski	adjective	hbs	non-discriminatory	adjective	eng
nedomoljubni	adjective	hbs	unpatriotic	adjective	eng
nedovoljan	adjective	hbs	disgruntled	adjective	eng
nedovoljan	adjective	hbs	insufficient	adjective	eng
neekonomski	adjective	hbs	uneconomical	adjective	eng
neformalan	adjective	hbs	informal	adjective	eng
negativan	adjective	hbs	negative	adjective	eng
nehigijenski	adjective	hbs	unhygienic	adjective	eng
neinflatorski	adjective	hbs	uninflationary	adjective	eng
neislamski	adjective	hbs	non-Islamic	adjective	eng
neizbježan	adjective	hbs	imminent	adjective	eng
neizbježan	adjective	hbs	inevitable	adjective	eng
neizbježan	adjective	hbs	unavoidable	adjective	eng
nekorektan	adjective	hbs	imprecise	adjective	eng
nelegalan	adjective	hbs	illegal	adjective	eng
nelegalan	adjective	hbs	illicit	adjective	eng
nemiran	adjective	hbs	agitated	adjective	eng
nemiran	adjective	hbs	mischievous	adjective	eng
nemiran	adjective	hbs	restless	adjective	eng
nemoguć	adjective	hbs	impossible	adjective	eng
nemuslimanski	adjective	hbs	non-Muslim	adjective	eng
neodložan	adjective	hbs	essential	adjective	eng
neodložan	adjective	hbs	necessary	adjective	eng
neodložan	adjective	hbs	vital	adjective	eng
neolimpijski	adjective	hbs	unolympic	adjective	eng
neolitski	adjective	hbs	Neolithic	adjective	eng
neozbiljan	adjective	hbs	foolish	adjective	eng
nepartijski	adjective	hbs	independent	adjective	eng
nepatriotski	adjective	hbs	unpatriotic	adjective	eng
nepokretan	adjective	hbs	real-estate	adjective	eng
neposredan	adjective	hbs	immediate	adjective	eng
neposredan	adjective	hbs	imminent	adjective	eng
neprihvatljiv	adjective	hbs	unacceptable	adjective	eng
neprijateljski	adjective	hbs	hostile	adjective	eng
neprijateljski	adjective	hbs	unfriendly	adjective	eng
neruski	adjective	hbs	non-Russian	adjective	eng
nervozan	adjective	hbs	nervous	adjective	eng
nesportski	adjective	hbs	non-sports	adjective	eng
nesrpski	adjective	hbs	non-Serb	adjective	eng
nestali	adjective	hbs	missing	adjective	eng
nestranački	adjective	hbs	independent	adjective	eng
nesuštinski	adjective	hbs	unsustainable	adjective	eng
neturski	adjective	hbs	non-Turkish	adjective	eng
neumoran	adjective	hbs	relentless	adjective	eng
neusmjeren	adjective	hbs	failed	adjective	eng
neusmjeren	adjective	hbs	unsatisfactory	adjective	eng
neusmjeren	adjective	hbs	unsuccessful	adjective	eng
nevin	adjective	hbs	innocent	adjective	eng
nevladin	adjective	hbs	local	adjective	eng
nevladin	adjective	hbs	regional	adjective	eng
nezakonski	adjective	hbs	illegal	adjective	eng
nezakonski	adjective	hbs	illegitimate	adjective	eng
nezakonski	adjective	hbs	unconstitutional	adjective	eng
nezaposlen	adjective	hbs	unemployed	adjective	eng
nezavisan	adjective	hbs	independent	adjective	eng
nizak	adjective	hbs	low	adjective	eng
nizozemski	adjective	hbs	Dutch	adjective	eng
njemački	adjective	hbs	German	adjective	eng
njemački	adjective	hbs	Germanic	adjective	eng
nogometni	adjective	hbs	football	adjective	eng
nomadski	adjective	hbs	nomadic	adjective	eng
nominiran	adjective	hbs	nominated	adjective	eng
nominovan	adjective	hbs	nominated	adjective	eng
nordijski	adjective	hbs	Nordic	adjective	eng
normalan	adjective	hbs	normal	adjective	eng
norveški	adjective	hbs	Norwegian	adjective	eng
nov	adjective	hbs	late	adjective	eng
nov	adjective	hbs	new	adjective	eng
novčani	adjective	hbs	financial	adjective	eng
novčani	adjective	hbs	monetary	adjective	eng
novinarski	adjective	hbs	journalistic	adjective	eng
novinarski	adjective	hbs	news	adjective	eng
novinski	adjective	hbs	news	adjective	eng
običan	adjective	hbs	ordinary	adjective	eng
običan	adjective	hbs	usual	adjective	eng
obilan	adjective	hbs	abundant	adjective	eng
obilan	adjective	hbs	plentiful	adjective	eng
obilazan	adjective	hbs	roundabout	adjective	eng
objavljen	adjective	hbs	declared	adjective	eng
obmanut	adjective	hbs	deceived	adjective	eng
obrambeni	adjective	hbs	defence	adjective	eng
obrambeni	adjective	hbs	defensive	adjective	eng
obrambenni	adjective	hbs	defence	adjective	eng
obrambenni	adjective	hbs	defensive	adjective	eng
obrazovni	adjective	hbs	education	adjective	eng
obrazovni	adjective	hbs	educational	adjective	eng
obvintelski	adjective	hbs	prosecutorial	adjective	eng
obziran	adjective	hbs	careful	adjective	eng
obziran	adjective	hbs	cautious	adjective	eng
oceanografski	adjective	hbs	marine	adjective	eng
oceanografski	adjective	hbs	oceanographic	adjective	eng
oceanski	adjective	hbs	oceanic	adjective	eng
odašiljački	adjective	hbs	transmission	adjective	eng
odbojkaški	adjective	hbs	volleyball	adjective	eng
odgovarajući	adjective	hbs	adequate	adjective	eng
odgovarajući	adjective	hbs	appropriate	adjective	eng
odgovarajući	adjective	hbs	proper	adjective	eng
odgovarajući	adjective	hbs	respective	adjective	eng
odgovoran	adjective	hbs	accountable	adjective	eng
odgovoran	adjective	hbs	responsible	adjective	eng
odijeljen	adjective	hbs	each	adjective	eng
odijeljen	adjective	hbs	individual	adjective	eng
odijeljen	adjective	hbs	separate	adjective	eng
odijeljen	adjective	hbs	single	adjective	eng
odložen	adjective	hbs	delayed	adjective	eng
odobren	adjective	hbs	approved	adjective	eng
odobren	adjective	hbs	endorsed	adjective	eng
određen	adjective	hbs	certain	adjective	eng
određen	adjective	hbs	definite	adjective	eng
određen	adjective	hbs	fixed	adjective	eng
održan	adjective	hbs	held	adjective	eng
održiv	adjective	hbs	sustainable	adjective	eng
odvjetnički	adjective	hbs	legal	adjective	eng
oficerski	adjective	hbs	officer	adjective	eng
oficijalan	adjective	hbs	official	adjective	eng
ogroman	adjective	hbs	enormous	adjective	eng
ogroman	adjective	hbs	giant	adjective	eng
ogroman	adjective	hbs	great	adjective	eng
ogroman	adjective	hbs	huge	adjective	eng
ogroman	adjective	hbs	massive	adjective	eng
ogroman	adjective	hbs	tremendous	adjective	eng
ogroman	adjective	hbs	vast	adjective	eng
ohridski	adjective	hbs	Ohrid	adjective	eng
okeanografski	adjective	hbs	marine	adjective	eng
okeanografski	adjective	hbs	oceanographic	adjective	eng
okeanski	adjective	hbs	oceanic	adjective	eng
okolni	adjective	hbs	nearby	adjective	eng
okolni	adjective	hbs	surrounding	adjective	eng
okrivljen	adjective	hbs	accused	adjective	eng
okrivljen	adjective	hbs	charged	adjective	eng
okrivljen	adjective	hbs	fugitive	adjective	eng
okružni	adjective	hbs	county	adjective	eng
okružni	adjective	hbs	district	adjective	eng
okupatorski	adjective	hbs	occupying	adjective	eng
okviran	adjective	hbs	framework	adjective	eng
oligarhijski	adjective	hbs	oligarchic	adjective	eng
olimpijski	adjective	hbs	olympic	adjective	eng
opći	adjective	hbs	common	adjective	eng
opći	adjective	hbs	general	adjective	eng
opći	adjective	hbs	unskilled	adjective	eng
općinski	adjective	hbs	municipal	adjective	eng
operativan	adjective	hbs	operating	adjective	eng
operativan	adjective	hbs	operational	adjective	eng
operativan	adjective	hbs	operative	adjective	eng
operatorski	adjective	hbs	operational	adjective	eng
operni	adjective	hbs	opera	adjective	eng
operni	adjective	hbs	operatic	adjective	eng
opozicijski	adjective	hbs	opposition	adjective	eng
opozicioni	adjective	hbs	opposition	adjective	eng
opredijeljen	adjective	hbs	presented	adjective	eng
opštinski	adjective	hbs	municipal	adjective	eng
optimalan	adjective	hbs	optimal	adjective	eng
optužilački	adjective	hbs	indictment	adjective	eng
organizacijski	adjective	hbs	organisation	adjective	eng
organizatorski	adjective	hbs	financial	adjective	eng
organiziran	adjective	hbs	organised	adjective	eng
organizovan	adjective	hbs	organised	adjective	eng
originalan	adjective	hbs	authentic	adjective	eng
originalan	adjective	hbs	original	adjective	eng
orkestralni	adjective	hbs	orchestral	adjective	eng
osebujan	adjective	hbs	clear	adjective	eng
osebujan	adjective	hbs	considerable	adjective	eng
osebujan	adjective	hbs	particular	adjective	eng
osebujan	adjective	hbs	special	adjective	eng
osiguravajući	adjective	hbs	insurance	adjective	eng
oslobođen	adjective	hbs	recovered	adjective	eng
oslobodilački	adjective	hbs	liberation	adjective	eng
osnovan	adjective	hbs	basic	adjective	eng
osnovan	adjective	hbs	elementary	adjective	eng
osnovan	adjective	hbs	essential	adjective	eng
osnovan	adjective	hbs	fundamental	adjective	eng
osnovan	adjective	hbs	primary	adjective	eng
osoban	adjective	hbs	own	adjective	eng
osoban	adjective	hbs	personal	adjective	eng
osoban	adjective	hbs	proper	adjective	eng
osoben	adjective	hbs	clear	adjective	eng
osoben	adjective	hbs	considerable	adjective	eng
osoben	adjective	hbs	particular	adjective	eng
osoben	adjective	hbs	special	adjective	eng
osogovski	adjective	hbs	Osogov	adjective	eng
ostali	adjective	hbs	different	adjective	eng
ostali	adjective	hbs	other	adjective	eng
ostali	adjective	hbs	remaining	adjective	eng
oštar	adjective	hbs	harsh	adjective	eng
oštar	adjective	hbs	jagged	adjective	eng
oštar	adjective	hbs	sharp	adjective	eng
oštar	adjective	hbs	strict	adjective	eng
oštar	adjective	hbs	strong	adjective	eng
oštar	adjective	hbs	tough	adjective	eng
osuđen	adjective	hbs	sentenced	adjective	eng
osumnjičen	adjective	hbs	suspect	adjective	eng
otkriven	adjective	hbs	discovered	adjective	eng
otomanski	adjective	hbs	Ottoman	adjective	eng
otrovan	adjective	hbs	poisonous	adjective	eng
otrovan	adjective	hbs	toxic	adjective	eng
otvoren	adjective	hbs	candid	adjective	eng
otvoren	adjective	hbs	open	adjective	eng
otvoren	adjective	hbs	unlocked	adjective	eng
ovalan	adjective	hbs	oval	adjective	eng
ovalan	adjective	hbs	round	adjective	eng
ovalan	adjective	hbs	spherical	adjective	eng
ovogodišnji	adjective	hbs	annual	adjective	eng
ovogodišnji	adjective	hbs	yearly	adjective	eng
ozbiljan	adjective	hbs	grave	adjective	eng
ozbiljan	adjective	hbs	serious	adjective	eng
ozbiljan	adjective	hbs	severe	adjective	eng
ožujski	adjective	hbs	terrorist	adjective	eng
pakistanski	adjective	hbs	Pakistani	adjective	eng
paleolitski	adjective	hbs	paleolithic	adjective	eng
palestinski	adjective	hbs	Palestinian	adjective	eng
panalbanski	adjective	hbs	pan-Albanian	adjective	eng
panamski	adjective	hbs	Panamanian	adjective	eng
panarapski	adjective	hbs	pan-Arab	adjective	eng
panciparski	adjective	hbs	pan-Cypriot	adjective	eng
paneuropski	adjective	hbs	pan-European	adjective	eng
panevropski	adjective	hbs	pan-European	adjective	eng
pankiparski	adjective	hbs	pan-Cypriot	adjective	eng
panoramski	adjective	hbs	panoramic	adjective	eng
papinski	adjective	hbs	papal	adjective	eng
paralelan	adjective	hbs	parallel	adjective	eng
paraolimpijski	adjective	hbs	paraolympic	adjective	eng
paravojni	adjective	hbs	paramilitary	adjective	eng
parfimerijski	adjective	hbs	perfumery	adjective	eng
parlamentaran	adjective	hbs	parliamentary	adjective	eng
partijski	adjective	hbs	party	adjective	eng
partnerski	adjective	hbs	partner	adjective	eng
pasivan	adjective	hbs	passive	adjective	eng
patnički	adjective	hbs	travel	adjective	eng
patriotski	adjective	hbs	patriotic	adjective	eng
pavijanski	adjective	hbs	Babunski	adjective	eng
pečatarski	adjective	hbs	print	adjective	eng
pečatarski	adjective	hbs	publishing	adjective	eng
pedijatrijski	adjective	hbs	pediatric	adjective	eng
peloponeški	adjective	hbs	Peloponnesian	adjective	eng
penzijski	adjective	hbs	pension	adjective	eng
penzionisan	adjective	hbs	pension	adjective	eng
personalan	adjective	hbs	personnel	adjective	eng
petrohemijski	adjective	hbs	petrochemical	adjective	eng
petrokemijski	adjective	hbs	petrochemical	adjective	eng
pilotski	adjective	hbs	pilot	adjective	eng
pionirski	adjective	hbs	cutting-edge	adjective	eng
pionirski	adjective	hbs	pioneering	adjective	eng
piratski	adjective	hbs	pirate	adjective	eng
pješadijski	adjective	hbs	infantry	adjective	eng
planinarski	adjective	hbs	mountainous	adjective	eng
planinski	adjective	hbs	mountainous	adjective	eng
planiran	adjective	hbs	planned	adjective	eng
plastičan	adjective	hbs	plastic	adjective	eng
plav	adjective	hbs	blue	adjective	eng
plemenit	adjective	hbs	noble	adjective	eng
pobjeđen	adjective	hbs	defeated	adjective	eng
pobjedonosan	adjective	hbs	victorious	adjective	eng
početni	adjective	hbs	conceptual	adjective	eng
početni	adjective	hbs	formative	adjective	eng
početni	adjective	hbs	initial	adjective	eng
podgorički	adjective	hbs	underhill	adjective	eng
podijeljen	adjective	hbs	unacceptable	adjective	eng
podnesen	adjective	hbs	presented	adjective	eng
poduzetan	adjective	hbs	enterprising	adjective	eng
podzemni	adjective	hbs	underground	adjective	eng
poetski	adjective	hbs	poetic	adjective	eng
pogrešan	adjective	hbs	mistaken	adjective	eng
pogrešan	adjective	hbs	wrong	adjective	eng
pokretan	adjective	hbs	agile	adjective	eng
pokretan	adjective	hbs	moveable	adjective	eng
policijski	adjective	hbs	police	adjective	eng
politički	adjective	hbs	political	adjective	eng
poljoprivredni	adjective	hbs	agrarian	adjective	eng
poljoprivredni	adjective	hbs	agricultural	adjective	eng
poljski	adjective	hbs	Polish	adjective	eng
poluautomatski	adjective	hbs	semi-automatic	adjective	eng
poluavtomatski	adjective	hbs	semi-automatic	adjective	eng
ponovan	adjective	hbs	consecutive	adjective	eng
ponovan	adjective	hbs	repeat	adjective	eng
ponovan	adjective	hbs	repeated	adjective	eng
poreski	adjective	hbs	tax	adjective	eng
porezni	adjective	hbs	tax	adjective	eng
pornografski	adjective	hbs	pornographic	adjective	eng
portugalski	adjective	hbs	Portuguese	adjective	eng
poslovan	adjective	hbs	business	adjective	eng
poslovan	adjective	hbs	economic	adjective	eng
postbizantski	adjective	hbs	post-Byzantine	adjective	eng
postdiplomski	adjective	hbs	post-diplomatic	adjective	eng
poštenski	adjective	hbs	postal	adjective	eng
postojan	adjective	hbs	consistent	adjective	eng
postojan	adjective	hbs	constant	adjective	eng
postojan	adjective	hbs	permanent	adjective	eng
postojan	adjective	hbs	persistent	adjective	eng
postojan	adjective	hbs	repeated	adjective	eng
postojan	adjective	hbs	stable	adjective	eng
postojan	adjective	hbs	standing	adjective	eng
postojan	adjective	hbs	steady	adjective	eng
postsocijalistički	adjective	hbs	post-socialist	adjective	eng
posttraumatski	adjective	hbs	post-traumatic	adjective	eng
posvećen	adjective	hbs	initiated	adjective	eng
potencijalan	adjective	hbs	potential	adjective	eng
potencijalan	adjective	hbs	prospective	adjective	eng
potpisan	adjective	hbs	signed	adjective	eng
potpremijerski	adjective	hbs	vice-premier	adjective	eng
potreban	adjective	hbs	imperative	adjective	eng
potreban	adjective	hbs	indispensable	adjective	eng
potreban	adjective	hbs	necessary	adjective	eng
povećan	adjective	hbs	increased	adjective	eng
povezan	adjective	hbs	associated	adjective	eng
povezan	adjective	hbs	coherent	adjective	eng
povezan	adjective	hbs	joint	adjective	eng
povezan	adjective	hbs	related	adjective	eng
povijesni	adjective	hbs	historical	adjective	eng
povjerenički	adjective	hbs	monetary	adjective	eng
povjerljiv	adjective	hbs	confidential	adjective	eng
pozicionerski	adjective	hbs	positioning	adjective	eng
pozitivan	adjective	hbs	positive	adjective	eng
poznat	adjective	hbs	famous	adjective	eng
poznat	adjective	hbs	known	adjective	eng
poznat	adjective	hbs	prominent	adjective	eng
prahistorijski	adjective	hbs	prehistoric	adjective	eng
praistorijski	adjective	hbs	prehistoric	adjective	eng
praktičan	adjective	hbs	effective	adjective	eng
praktičan	adjective	hbs	practical	adjective	eng
prapovijesni	adjective	hbs	prehistoric	adjective	eng
pravi	adjective	hbs	authentic	adjective	eng
pravi	adjective	hbs	direct	adjective	eng
pravi	adjective	hbs	genuine	adjective	eng
pravi	adjective	hbs	right	adjective	eng
pravilan	adjective	hbs	correct	adjective	eng
pravilan	adjective	hbs	orderly	adjective	eng
pravilan	adjective	hbs	proper	adjective	eng
pravilan	adjective	hbs	right	adjective	eng
pravni	adjective	hbs	judicial	adjective	eng
pravni	adjective	hbs	legal	adjective	eng
pravni	adjective	hbs	legislative	adjective	eng
pravoslavan	adjective	hbs	orthodox	adjective	eng
prazan	adjective	hbs	empty	adjective	eng
prazan	adjective	hbs	spare	adjective	eng
prazan	adjective	hbs	vacant	adjective	eng
precizan	adjective	hbs	accurate	adjective	eng
precizan	adjective	hbs	precise	adjective	eng
precizan	adjective	hbs	specific	adjective	eng
predizborni	adjective	hbs	small	adjective	eng
predizborni	adjective	hbs	tight	adjective	eng
predkoalicijski	adjective	hbs	pre-coalition	adjective	eng
predložen	adjective	hbs	proposed	adjective	eng
prednji	adjective	hbs	anterior	adjective	eng
predrimski	adjective	hbs	pre-Roman	adjective	eng
predsjedateljski	adjective	hbs	presidential	adjective	eng
predstavljen	adjective	hbs	presented	adjective	eng
predstavnički	adjective	hbs	representative	adjective	eng
predstojeći	adjective	hbs	forthcoming	adjective	eng
predstojeći	adjective	hbs	pending	adjective	eng
predstojeći	adjective	hbs	upcoming	adjective	eng
predvođen	adjective	hbs	led	adjective	eng
pregovarački	adjective	hbs	negotiating	adjective	eng
prekogranični	adjective	hbs	cross-country	adjective	eng
prekooceanski	adjective	hbs	transatlantic	adjective	eng
prekookeanski	adjective	hbs	transatlantic	adjective	eng
preliminaran	adjective	hbs	exploratory	adjective	eng
preliminaran	adjective	hbs	preliminary	adjective	eng
premijerski	adjective	hbs	premier	adjective	eng
premijerski	adjective	hbs	prime	adjective	eng
preminuo	adjective	hbs	deceased	adjective	eng
prenesen	adjective	hbs	carried	adjective	eng
prenosan	adjective	hbs	transfer	adjective	eng
prethodni	adjective	hbs	early	adjective	eng
prethodni	adjective	hbs	previous	adjective	eng
prethodni	adjective	hbs	prior	adjective	eng
prethodni	adjective	hbs	recent	adjective	eng
prihvatljiv	adjective	hbs	acceptable	adjective	eng
prijateljski	adjective	hbs	fellow	adjective	eng
prijateljski	adjective	hbs	friendly	adjective	eng
prijevremen	adjective	hbs	early	adjective	eng
prijevremen	adjective	hbs	premature	adjective	eng
prikazan	adjective	hbs	celebrated	adjective	eng
prikazan	adjective	hbs	famous	adjective	eng
prikazan	adjective	hbs	illustrious	adjective	eng
prikazan	adjective	hbs	known	adjective	eng
prikazan	adjective	hbs	noted	adjective	eng
primljen	adjective	hbs	news	adjective	eng
primorski	adjective	hbs	coastal	adjective	eng
pripravan	adjective	hbs	drafted	adjective	eng
pripravan	adjective	hbs	prepared	adjective	eng
pripravan	adjective	hbs	ready	adjective	eng
pripravan	adjective	hbs	willing	adjective	eng
pripremni	adjective	hbs	preliminary	adjective	eng
pripremni	adjective	hbs	preparatory	adjective	eng
prirodan	adjective	hbs	natural	adjective	eng
prištinski	adjective	hbs	Priština	adjective	eng
prisutan	adjective	hbs	physical	adjective	eng
prisutan	adjective	hbs	present	adjective	eng
pritvoren	adjective	hbs	returned	adjective	eng
privatan	adjective	hbs	private	adjective	eng
privatizacijski	adjective	hbs	privatising	adjective	eng
privremen	adjective	hbs	acting	adjective	eng
privremen	adjective	hbs	interim	adjective	eng
privremen	adjective	hbs	provisional	adjective	eng
privremen	adjective	hbs	temporary	adjective	eng
prljav	adjective	hbs	dirty	adjective	eng
proamerički	adjective	hbs	pro-American	adjective	eng
problematičan	adjective	hbs	problematic	adjective	eng
probni	adjective	hbs	experimental	adjective	eng
probni	adjective	hbs	trial	adjective	eng
prodajni	adjective	hbs	extended	adjective	eng
prodemokratski	adjective	hbs	pro-democratic	adjective	eng
producentski	adjective	hbs	producer	adjective	eng
producentski	adjective	hbs	production	adjective	eng
proeuropski	adjective	hbs	pro-European	adjective	eng
proevropski	adjective	hbs	pro-European	adjective	eng
profesionalan	adjective	hbs	professional	adjective	eng
proglašen	adjective	hbs	observed	adjective	eng
programski	adjective	hbs	programme	adjective	eng
proislamski	adjective	hbs	pro-Islamic	adjective	eng
prokosovski	adjective	hbs	pro-Kosovo	adjective	eng
prokurdistanski	adjective	hbs	pro-Kurdish	adjective	eng
prokurdski	adjective	hbs	ruling	adjective	eng
proljetni	adjective	hbs	spring	adjective	eng
promakedonski	adjective	hbs	pro-Macedonian	adjective	eng
pronađen	adjective	hbs	found	adjective	eng
propagandni	adjective	hbs	propaganda	adjective	eng
proporcionalan	adjective	hbs	proportional	adjective	eng
proračunski	adjective	hbs	budgetary	adjective	eng
proreformski	adjective	hbs	pro-reform	adjective	eng
proslavljen	adjective	hbs	pro-Slav	adjective	eng
prošli	adjective	hbs	former	adjective	eng
prošli	adjective	hbs	last	adjective	eng
prošli	adjective	hbs	past	adjective	eng
prošli	adjective	hbs	previous	adjective	eng
prosrpski	adjective	hbs	pro-Serbian	adjective	eng
prostoran	adjective	hbs	physical	adjective	eng
prostoran	adjective	hbs	spacious	adjective	eng
prostoran	adjective	hbs	spatial	adjective	eng
protuavionski	adjective	hbs	anti-aircraft	adjective	eng
protupješadijski	adjective	hbs	anti-personnel	adjective	eng
protupožarni	adjective	hbs	anti-fireman	adjective	eng
protutenkovski	adjective	hbs	anti-tank	adjective	eng
protuturski	adjective	hbs	anti-Turkish	adjective	eng
protuuseljenički	adjective	hbs	anti-immigrant	adjective	eng
provincijski	adjective	hbs	provincial	adjective	eng
psihijatrijski	adjective	hbs	psychiatric	adjective	eng
psihosomatski	adjective	hbs	psychosomatic	adjective	eng
psihotronski	adjective	hbs	psychotropic	adjective	eng
ptičji	adjective	hbs	avian	adjective	eng
pun	adjective	hbs	full	adjective	eng
pun	adjective	hbs	replete	adjective	eng
punopravan	adjective	hbs	full	adjective	eng
računalni	adjective	hbs	commuter	adjective	eng
računalni	adjective	hbs	computer	adjective	eng
radarski	adjective	hbs	radar	adjective	eng
radikalan	adjective	hbs	radical	adjective	eng
radiografski	adjective	hbs	radiographic	adjective	eng
radiotelevizijski	adjective	hbs	radio-television	adjective	eng
radni	adjective	hbs	labour	adjective	eng
radnički	adjective	hbs	labour	adjective	eng
radnički	adjective	hbs	worker	adjective	eng
ramadanski	adjective	hbs	Ramadan	adjective	eng
rani	adjective	hbs	early	adjective	eng
raniji	adjective	hbs	former	adjective	eng
ranohrišćanski	adjective	hbs	early-Christian	adjective	eng
ranokršćanski	adjective	hbs	early-Christian	adjective	eng
raseljen	adjective	hbs	early	adjective	eng
raseljen	adjective	hbs	racist	adjective	eng
raspoložen	adjective	hbs	mood	adjective	eng
raspoređen	adjective	hbs	serving	adjective	eng
ratni	adjective	hbs	army	adjective	eng
ratni	adjective	hbs	military	adjective	eng
ratni	adjective	hbs	war	adjective	eng
ratni	adjective	hbs	wartime	adjective	eng
različit	adjective	hbs	different	adjective	eng
različit	adjective	hbs	distinct	adjective	eng
različit	adjective	hbs	diverse	adjective	eng
različit	adjective	hbs	mixed	adjective	eng
razni	adjective	hbs	different	adjective	eng
razuznavački	adjective	hbs	intelligence	adjective	eng
realan	adjective	hbs	actual	adjective	eng
realan	adjective	hbs	real	adjective	eng
realan	adjective	hbs	realistic	adjective	eng
realan	adjective	hbs	tangible	adjective	eng
redovan	adjective	hbs	regular	adjective	eng
referendumski	adjective	hbs	referendum	adjective	eng
reformni	adjective	hbs	reform	adjective	eng
regionalan	adjective	hbs	local	adjective	eng
regionalan	adjective	hbs	regional	adjective	eng
registarski	adjective	hbs	registration	adjective	eng
registriran	adjective	hbs	registered	adjective	eng
registrovan	adjective	hbs	registered	adjective	eng
reizabran	adjective	hbs	re-elected	adjective	eng
reklamni	adjective	hbs	advertising	adjective	eng
rekordan	adjective	hbs	recent	adjective	eng
rekordan	adjective	hbs	record	adjective	eng
relativan	adjective	hbs	relative	adjective	eng
relevantan	adjective	hbs	relevant	adjective	eng
religiozan	adjective	hbs	religious	adjective	eng
renesansni	adjective	hbs	Renaissance	adjective	eng
rentgenski	adjective	hbs	X-ray	adjective	eng
republikanski	adjective	hbs	republican	adjective	eng
restauracijski	adjective	hbs	restoration	adjective	eng
revizorski	adjective	hbs	revisionary	adjective	eng
rezervni	adjective	hbs	emergency	adjective	eng
rezervni	adjective	hbs	spare	adjective	eng
rezovski	adjective	hbs	Rezov	adjective	eng
ribarski	adjective	hbs	fisherman's	adjective	eng
ribarski	adjective	hbs	fishing	adjective	eng
riješen	adjective	hbs	external	adjective	eng
rilski	adjective	hbs	Rilski	adjective	eng
rimski	adjective	hbs	Roman	adjective	eng
rivalski	adjective	hbs	rival	adjective	eng
robotski	adjective	hbs	robotic	adjective	eng
roditeljski	adjective	hbs	parental	adjective	eng
rodni	adjective	hbs	born	adjective	eng
rodni	adjective	hbs	native	adjective	eng
romantičan	adjective	hbs	romantic	adjective	eng
romski	adjective	hbs	Roma	adjective	eng
rotacijski	adjective	hbs	rotational	adjective	eng
rotirajući	adjective	hbs	revolving	adjective	eng
rotirajući	adjective	hbs	rotational	adjective	eng
ručni	adjective	hbs	propelled	adjective	eng
rudarski	adjective	hbs	mining	adjective	eng
rujanski	adjective	hbs	September	adjective	eng
rukovodstveni	adjective	hbs	leader	adjective	eng
rumunjski	adjective	hbs	Romanian	adjective	eng
ruski	adjective	hbs	Russian	adjective	eng
rutinski	adjective	hbs	routine	adjective	eng
sadašnji	adjective	hbs	current	adjective	eng
sadašnji	adjective	hbs	incumbent	adjective	eng
sadašnji	adjective	hbs	present	adjective	eng
šahovski	adjective	hbs	chess	adjective	eng
saksonski	adjective	hbs	Anglo-Saxon	adjective	eng
saksonski	adjective	hbs	Saxon	adjective	eng
sam	adjective	hbs	actual	adjective	eng
sam	adjective	hbs	only	adjective	eng
sam	adjective	hbs	own	adjective	eng
samoproglašen	adjective	hbs	self-proclaimed	adjective	eng
samostalan	adjective	hbs	solo	adjective	eng
samostanski	adjective	hbs	monastery	adjective	eng
šampionski	adjective	hbs	champion	adjective	eng
samurajski	adjective	hbs	samurai	adjective	eng
sanitaran	adjective	hbs	sanitary	adjective	eng
sarajevski	adjective	hbs	Sarajevan	adjective	eng
sarajevski	adjective	hbs	Sarajevo	adjective	eng
satelitski	adjective	hbs	satellite	adjective	eng
saudijski	adjective	hbs	Saudi	adjective	eng
savezni	adjective	hbs	federal	adjective	eng
savezni	adjective	hbs	union	adjective	eng
seksualan	adjective	hbs	sexual	adjective	eng
sekularan	adjective	hbs	secular	adjective	eng
selektivan	adjective	hbs	selective	adjective	eng
senatski	adjective	hbs	senate	adjective	eng
senegalski	adjective	hbs	Senegalese	adjective	eng
šengenski	adjective	hbs	Schengen	adjective	eng
seoski	adjective	hbs	country	adjective	eng
seoski	adjective	hbs	rural	adjective	eng
seoski	adjective	hbs	village	adjective	eng
septembarski	adjective	hbs	September	adjective	eng
šerijatski	adjective	hbs	Sharia	adjective	eng
serijski	adjective	hbs	serious	adjective	eng
sezonski	adjective	hbs	seasonal	adjective	eng
sibirski	adjective	hbs	Siberian	adjective	eng
siguran	adjective	hbs	certain	adjective	eng
siguran	adjective	hbs	confident	adjective	eng
siguran	adjective	hbs	credible	adjective	eng
siguran	adjective	hbs	reliable	adjective	eng
siguran	adjective	hbs	safe	adjective	eng
siguran	adjective	hbs	secure	adjective	eng
siguran	adjective	hbs	sure	adjective	eng
sigurnosni	adjective	hbs	safety	adjective	eng
siječanjski	adjective	hbs	January	adjective	eng
šijitski	adjective	hbs	Shiite	adjective	eng
silan	adjective	hbs	able	adjective	eng
silan	adjective	hbs	powerful	adjective	eng
silan	adjective	hbs	strong	adjective	eng
simfonijski	adjective	hbs	symphonic	adjective	eng
simpatičan	adjective	hbs	nice	adjective	eng
simulacijski	adjective	hbs	simulated	adjective	eng
sindikatski	adjective	hbs	trade-union	adjective	eng
singapurski	adjective	hbs	Singaporean	adjective	eng
sirijski	adjective	hbs	Syrian	adjective	eng
širok	adjective	hbs	broad	adjective	eng
širok	adjective	hbs	large	adjective	eng
širok	adjective	hbs	wide	adjective	eng
širok	adjective	hbs	widespread	adjective	eng
sistemski	adjective	hbs	systematic	adjective	eng
sitan	adjective	hbs	lesser	adjective	eng
sitan	adjective	hbs	minute	adjective	eng
sitan	adjective	hbs	small	adjective	eng
sitematski	adjective	hbs	systematic	adjective	eng
siv	adjective	hbs	grey	adjective	eng
sjedinjen	adjective	hbs	united	adjective	eng
sjeverni	adjective	hbs	north	adjective	eng
sjeverni	adjective	hbs	northern	adjective	eng
sjevernoamerički	adjective	hbs	North American	adjective	eng
sjevernoanatolski	adjective	hbs	North Anatolian	adjective	eng
sjevernokorejski	adjective	hbs	North Korean	adjective	eng
skandinavski	adjective	hbs	Scandinavian	adjective	eng
školski	adjective	hbs	school	adjective	eng
skopski	adjective	hbs	Skopjan	adjective	eng
skopski	adjective	hbs	Skopje	adjective	eng
škotski	adjective	hbs	Scottish	adjective	eng
skroman	adjective	hbs	modest	adjective	eng
slab	adjective	hbs	frail	adjective	eng
slab	adjective	hbs	poor	adjective	eng
slab	adjective	hbs	slight	adjective	eng
slab	adjective	hbs	thin	adjective	eng
slab	adjective	hbs	weak	adjective	eng
slalomski	adjective	hbs	modern	adjective	eng
slastičarski	adjective	hbs	confectionery	adjective	eng
slavan	adjective	hbs	celebrated	adjective	eng
slavan	adjective	hbs	famous	adjective	eng
slavenski	adjective	hbs	Slavic	adjective	eng
slavenski	adjective	hbs	Slavonic	adjective	eng
sličan	adjective	hbs	similar	adjective	eng
sljedeći	adjective	hbs	coming	adjective	eng
sljedeći	adjective	hbs	following	adjective	eng
sljedeći	adjective	hbs	next	adjective	eng
sljedeći	adjective	hbs	upcoming	adjective	eng
slobodan	adjective	hbs	free	adjective	eng
slovački	adjective	hbs	Slovak	adjective	eng
slovenački	adjective	hbs	Slovenian	adjective	eng
slovenski	adjective	hbs	Slavic	adjective	eng
slovenski	adjective	hbs	Slavonic	adjective	eng
slovenski	adjective	hbs	Slovenian	adjective	eng
složen	adjective	hbs	complex	adjective	eng
služben	adjective	hbs	official	adjective	eng
smrtan	adjective	hbs	death	adjective	eng
smrtonosan	adjective	hbs	deadly	adjective	eng
smrtonosan	adjective	hbs	fatal	adjective	eng
smrtonosan	adjective	hbs	lethal	adjective	eng
snajperski	adjective	hbs	sniper	adjective	eng
snižen	adjective	hbs	cheap	adjective	eng
socijalan	adjective	hbs	social	adjective	eng
socijaldemokratski	adjective	hbs	social-democratic	adjective	eng
socijalistički	adjective	hbs	socialist	adjective	eng
socioekonomski	adjective	hbs	socioeconomic	adjective	eng
sofijski	adjective	hbs	news	adjective	eng
softverski	adjective	hbs	software	adjective	eng
solidan	adjective	hbs	solid	adjective	eng
solidaran	adjective	hbs	solidarity	adjective	eng
solunski	adjective	hbs	Thessaloniki	adjective	eng
somalijski	adjective	hbs	Somali	adjective	eng
sovjetski	adjective	hbs	Soviet	adjective	eng
španjolski	adjective	hbs	Spanish	adjective	eng
španski	adjective	hbs	Spanish	adjective	eng
specifičan	adjective	hbs	specific	adjective	eng
specijalan	adjective	hbs	special	adjective	eng
špediterski	adjective	hbs	shipping	adjective	eng
špijunski	adjective	hbs	spy	adjective	eng
spisateljski	adjective	hbs	writer	adjective	eng
splitski	adjective	hbs	Split	adjective	eng
sponzoriran	adjective	hbs	sponsored	adjective	eng
sponzorisan	adjective	hbs	sponsored	adjective	eng
sponzorski	adjective	hbs	sponsor	adjective	eng
spor	adjective	hbs	slow	adjective	eng
sporan	adjective	hbs	contentious	adjective	eng
sporan	adjective	hbs	questionable	adjective	eng
sportski	adjective	hbs	sporting	adjective	eng
sproveden	adjective	hbs	prior	adjective	eng
sraman	adjective	hbs	embarrassing	adjective	eng
sraman	adjective	hbs	shameful	adjective	eng
srednjeazijski	adjective	hbs	Central Asian	adjective	eng
srednjedesničarski	adjective	hbs	centre-right	adjective	eng
srednjeeuropski	adjective	hbs	Central European	adjective	eng
srednjeevropski	adjective	hbs	Central European	adjective	eng
srednjevropski	adjective	hbs	Central European	adjective	eng
srednji	adjective	hbs	central	adjective	eng
srednji	adjective	hbs	medium	adjective	eng
srednji	adjective	hbs	middle	adjective	eng
srednji	adjective	hbs	secondary	adjective	eng
srednjovjekovni	adjective	hbs	ancient	adjective	eng
srednjovjekovni	adjective	hbs	medieval	adjective	eng
sredozemni	adjective	hbs	Mediterranean	adjective	eng
sretan	adjective	hbs	happy	adjective	eng
srpski	adjective	hbs	Serbian	adjective	eng
stabilan	adjective	hbs	healthy	adjective	eng
stabilan	adjective	hbs	solid	adjective	eng
stabilan	adjective	hbs	stable	adjective	eng
stabilan	adjective	hbs	steady	adjective	eng
stabilizacijski	adjective	hbs	stabilising	adjective	eng
stabilizatorski	adjective	hbs	stabilising	adjective	eng
star	adjective	hbs	old	adjective	eng
starateljski	adjective	hbs	custodial	adjective	eng
starateljski	adjective	hbs	foster	adjective	eng
starinski	adjective	hbs	ancient	adjective	eng
staroslavenski	adjective	hbs	old-Slavic	adjective	eng
staroslovenski	adjective	hbs	old-Slavic	adjective	eng
stavljen	adjective	hbs	articulate	adjective	eng
stopanski	adjective	hbs	commercial	adjective	eng
stopanski	adjective	hbs	economic	adjective	eng
stranački	adjective	hbs	party	adjective	eng
strani	adjective	hbs	foreign	adjective	eng
strašan	adjective	hbs	bad	adjective	eng
strašan	adjective	hbs	severe	adjective	eng
strategijski	adjective	hbs	strategic	adjective	eng
strateški	adjective	hbs	strategic	adjective	eng
stražarski	adjective	hbs	guard	adjective	eng
strog	adjective	hbs	strict	adjective	eng
strojni	adjective	hbs	machine	adjective	eng
strojni	adjective	hbs	mechanical	adjective	eng
strukturni	adjective	hbs	structural	adjective	eng
studentski	adjective	hbs	student	adjective	eng
studijski	adjective	hbs	study	adjective	eng
stvaran	adjective	hbs	actual	adjective	eng
stvaran	adjective	hbs	real	adjective	eng
stvaran	adjective	hbs	realistic	adjective	eng
stvaran	adjective	hbs	tangible	adjective	eng
sudanski	adjective	hbs	Sudanese	adjective	eng
sudski	adjective	hbs	court	adjective	eng
sudski	adjective	hbs	forensic	adjective	eng
sudski	adjective	hbs	judicial	adjective	eng
sudski	adjective	hbs	legal	adjective	eng
suh	adjective	hbs	arid	adjective	eng
suh	adjective	hbs	dry	adjective	eng
suh	adjective	hbs	stale	adjective	eng
sumnjiv	adjective	hbs	suspected	adjective	eng
šumski	adjective	hbs	forest	adjective	eng
šumski	adjective	hbs	wood	adjective	eng
šumski	adjective	hbs	wooded	adjective	eng
šumski	adjective	hbs	wooden	adjective	eng
sunitski	adjective	hbs	Sunni	adjective	eng
suparnički	adjective	hbs	rival	adjective	eng
susjedni	adjective	hbs	nearby	adjective	eng
susjedni	adjective	hbs	neighbouring	adjective	eng
susjedni	adjective	hbs	neighbourly	adjective	eng
susjedni	adjective	hbs	surrounding	adjective	eng
sustavan	adjective	hbs	joint	adjective	eng
suštinski	adjective	hbs	critical	adjective	eng
suštinski	adjective	hbs	crucial	adjective	eng
suštinski	adjective	hbs	essential	adjective	eng
suštinski	adjective	hbs	fundamental	adjective	eng
suštinski	adjective	hbs	substantial	adjective	eng
suštinski	adjective	hbs	vital	adjective	eng
sutrašnji	adjective	hbs	tomorrow's	adjective	eng
suv	adjective	hbs	arid	adjective	eng
suv	adjective	hbs	dry	adjective	eng
suv	adjective	hbs	stale	adjective	eng
švajcarski	adjective	hbs	Swiss	adjective	eng
svečan	adjective	hbs	solemn	adjective	eng
svečan	adjective	hbs	stable	adjective	eng
svečenički	adjective	hbs	priestly	adjective	eng
švedski	adjective	hbs	Swedish	adjective	eng
svemirski	adjective	hbs	space	adjective	eng
sveštenički	adjective	hbs	priestly	adjective	eng
svet	adjective	hbs	holy	adjective	eng
svet	adjective	hbs	sacred	adjective	eng
sveučilišni	adjective	hbs	university	adjective	eng
svibanjski	adjective	hbs	May	adjective	eng
švicarski	adjective	hbs	Swiss	adjective	eng
svinjski	adjective	hbs	swine	adjective	eng
svjestan	adjective	hbs	conscious	adjective	eng
svjetski	adjective	hbs	global	adjective	eng
svjetski	adjective	hbs	world	adjective	eng
talibanski	adjective	hbs	Taliban	adjective	eng
talijanski	adjective	hbs	Italian	adjective	eng
tanak	adjective	hbs	high	adjective	eng
tanak	adjective	hbs	slender	adjective	eng
tanak	adjective	hbs	slim	adjective	eng
tanak	adjective	hbs	thin	adjective	eng
tandemski	adjective	hbs	tandem	adjective	eng
tatarski	adjective	hbs	theatrical	adjective	eng
tehnički	adjective	hbs	technical	adjective	eng
tehnički	adjective	hbs	technological	adjective	eng
tektonski	adjective	hbs	tectonic	adjective	eng
tekući	adjective	hbs	current	adjective	eng
tekući	adjective	hbs	ongoing	adjective	eng
telefonski	adjective	hbs	telephone	adjective	eng
telekomski	adjective	hbs	telecoms	adjective	eng
telekomunikacijski	adjective	hbs	telecommunications	adjective	eng
telemedicinski	adjective	hbs	tele-medical	adjective	eng
televizijski	adjective	hbs	television	adjective	eng
tematski	adjective	hbs	thematic	adjective	eng
tenderski	adjective	hbs	tender	adjective	eng
teniski	adjective	hbs	tennis	adjective	eng
tenkovski	adjective	hbs	tank	adjective	eng
teoretski	adjective	hbs	theoretical	adjective	eng
terapeutski	adjective	hbs	therapeutic	adjective	eng
terenski	adjective	hbs	field	adjective	eng
teritorijalan	adjective	hbs	territorial	adjective	eng
teroristički	adjective	hbs	terrorist	adjective	eng
tetovski	adjective	hbs	Tetovan	adjective	eng
težak	adjective	hbs	difficult	adjective	eng
težak	adjective	hbs	grave	adjective	eng
težak	adjective	hbs	hard	adjective	eng
težak	adjective	hbs	heavy	adjective	eng
težak	adjective	hbs	important	adjective	eng
težak	adjective	hbs	serious	adjective	eng
težak	adjective	hbs	severe	adjective	eng
težak	adjective	hbs	tough	adjective	eng
tibetski	adjective	hbs	Tibetan	adjective	eng
tijesan	adjective	hbs	close	adjective	eng
tijesan	adjective	hbs	narrow	adjective	eng
tijesan	adjective	hbs	tight	adjective	eng
tinejdžerski	adjective	hbs	teenage	adjective	eng
tipičan	adjective	hbs	comparable	adjective	eng
tipičan	adjective	hbs	typical	adjective	eng
tiranski	adjective	hbs	Tirana	adjective	eng
tjelesni	adjective	hbs	body	adjective	eng
tjelesni	adjective	hbs	physical	adjective	eng
točan	adjective	hbs	accurate	adjective	eng
točan	adjective	hbs	exact	adjective	eng
točan	adjective	hbs	firm	adjective	eng
točan	adjective	hbs	true	adjective	eng
tomografski	adjective	hbs	tomographical	adjective	eng
topao	adjective	hbs	hot	adjective	eng
topao	adjective	hbs	warm	adjective	eng
topografski	adjective	hbs	topographic	adjective	eng
tradicionalan	adjective	hbs	traditional	adjective	eng
tragičan	adjective	hbs	tragic	adjective	eng
trakijski	adjective	hbs	Thracian	adjective	eng
transatlanski	adjective	hbs	transatlantic	adjective	eng
transatlantski	adjective	hbs	transatlantic	adjective	eng
transbalkanski	adjective	hbs	trans-Balkan	adjective	eng
transilvanijski	adjective	hbs	Transylvanian	adjective	eng
transmiterski	adjective	hbs	transmission	adjective	eng
tranzitni	adjective	hbs	transitory	adjective	eng
travanjski	adjective	hbs	Arab	adjective	eng
tražen	adjective	hbs	claim	adjective	eng
trenutan	adjective	hbs	current	adjective	eng
trgovački	adjective	hbs	commercial	adjective	eng
tripartitni	adjective	hbs	three-party	adjective	eng
trodnevni	adjective	hbs	three-day	adjective	eng
trojanski	adjective	hbs	Troy	adjective	eng
tropartijski	adjective	hbs	three-party	adjective	eng
tropartijski	adjective	hbs	tri-partite	adjective	eng
trostranački	adjective	hbs	three-party	adjective	eng
trostranački	adjective	hbs	tri-partite	adjective	eng
trostruk	adjective	hbs	threefold	adjective	eng
trostruk	adjective	hbs	three-time	adjective	eng
trostruk	adjective	hbs	triple	adjective	eng
trubadurski	adjective	hbs	troubadour	adjective	eng
tržišni	adjective	hbs	market	adjective	eng
tup	adjective	hbs	blunt	adjective	eng
turistički	adjective	hbs	tourist	adjective	eng
turkmenistanski	adjective	hbs	Turkmen	adjective	eng
turkomanski	adjective	hbs	Turkmen	adjective	eng
turski	adjective	hbs	Turkish	adjective	eng
tužiteljski	adjective	hbs	indictment	adjective	eng
tvrd	adjective	hbs	firm	adjective	eng
tvrd	adjective	hbs	hard	adjective	eng
ubijen	adjective	hbs	dead	adjective	eng
ubijen	adjective	hbs	dejected	adjective	eng
ubijen	adjective	hbs	injured	adjective	eng
udarni	adjective	hbs	percussion	adjective	eng
udarni	adjective	hbs	sharp	adjective	eng
udarni	adjective	hbs	shock	adjective	eng
udarni	adjective	hbs	striking	adjective	eng
ugledan	adjective	hbs	reputable	adjective	eng
uhapšen	adjective	hbs	arrested	adjective	eng
uhićen	adjective	hbs	arrested	adjective	eng
uključen	adjective	hbs	involved	adjective	eng
ukrajinski	adjective	hbs	Ukrainian	adjective	eng
ukupan	adjective	hbs	overall	adjective	eng
ukupan	adjective	hbs	total	adjective	eng
ulični	adjective	hbs	foreign	adjective	eng
ultranacionalistički	adjective	hbs	ultra-nationalist	adjective	eng
umiješan	adjective	hbs	involved	adjective	eng
umirovljen	adjective	hbs	pension	adjective	eng
umjetnički	adjective	hbs	art	adjective	eng
umjetnički	adjective	hbs	artistic	adjective	eng
unilateralan	adjective	hbs	unilateral	adjective	eng
uništen	adjective	hbs	destroyed	adjective	eng
uništen	adjective	hbs	torrential	adjective	eng
univerzitetski	adjective	hbs	university	adjective	eng
unutrašnji	adjective	hbs	internal	adjective	eng
upravni	adjective	hbs	administrative	adjective	eng
upravni	adjective	hbs	governing	adjective	eng
upravni	adjective	hbs	managing	adjective	eng
upućen	adjective	hbs	aimed	adjective	eng
uredski	adjective	hbs	square	adjective	eng
uskršnji	adjective	hbs	Easter	adjective	eng
uslovan	adjective	hbs	agreed	adjective	eng
uslovan	adjective	hbs	conditional	adjective	eng
uspješan	adjective	hbs	successful	adjective	eng
ustavan	adjective	hbs	constitutional	adjective	eng
ustavan	adjective	hbs	statutory	adjective	eng
usvojen	adjective	hbs	adopted	adjective	eng
uvjetan	adjective	hbs	agreed	adjective	eng
uvjetan	adjective	hbs	conditional	adjective	eng
uzajamni	adjective	hbs	joint	adjective	eng
uzak	adjective	hbs	close	adjective	eng
uzak	adjective	hbs	narrow	adjective	eng
uzak	adjective	hbs	tight	adjective	eng
užasan	adjective	hbs	bad	adjective	eng
užasan	adjective	hbs	horrible	adjective	eng
užasan	adjective	hbs	terrible	adjective	eng
uzbekistanski	adjective	hbs	Uzbekistani	adjective	eng
uzet	adjective	hbs	taken	adjective	eng
vandalski	adjective	hbs	vandal	adjective	eng
vanjski	adjective	hbs	external	adjective	eng
vanjski	adjective	hbs	foreign	adjective	eng
vanjski	adjective	hbs	outside	adjective	eng
vanredan	adjective	hbs	emergency	adjective	eng
vanredan	adjective	hbs	extra	adjective	eng
vanredan	adjective	hbs	extraordinary	adjective	eng
vanredan	adjective	hbs	special	adjective	eng
varšavski	adjective	hbs	Warsaw	adjective	eng
varvarski	adjective	hbs	barbaric	adjective	eng
vašingtonski	adjective	hbs	Washington	adjective	eng
vaskrsnji	adjective	hbs	Easter	adjective	eng
vaskršnji	adjective	hbs	Easter	adjective	eng
vatrogasni	adjective	hbs	firefighting	adjective	eng
vavilonski	adjective	hbs	Babylonian	adjective	eng
važan	adjective	hbs	crucial	adjective	eng
važan	adjective	hbs	important	adjective	eng
važan	adjective	hbs	major	adjective	eng
vazduhoplovni	adjective	hbs	air	adjective	eng
vazdušan	adjective	hbs	aerial	adjective	eng
vazdušan	adjective	hbs	air	adjective	eng
većinski	adjective	hbs	majority	adjective	eng
vegetarijanski	adjective	hbs	vegetarian	adjective	eng
velik	adjective	hbs	big	adjective	eng
velik	adjective	hbs	broad	adjective	eng
velik	adjective	hbs	considerable	adjective	eng
velik	adjective	hbs	great	adjective	eng
velik	adjective	hbs	high	adjective	eng
velik	adjective	hbs	huge	adjective	eng
velik	adjective	hbs	large	adjective	eng
velik	adjective	hbs	main	adjective	eng
velik	adjective	hbs	major	adjective	eng
velik	adjective	hbs	massive	adjective	eng
velik	adjective	hbs	severe	adjective	eng
velik	adjective	hbs	significant	adjective	eng
velik	adjective	hbs	vast	adjective	eng
veljački	adjective	hbs	February	adjective	eng
velocipedski	adjective	hbs	scenic	adjective	eng
venecijanski	adjective	hbs	Venetian	adjective	eng
venezuelanski	adjective	hbs	Venezuelan	adjective	eng
verbalan	adjective	hbs	verbal	adjective	eng
veteranski	adjective	hbs	veteran	adjective	eng
veterinarski	adjective	hbs	veterinary	adjective	eng
vicepremijerski	adjective	hbs	vice-premier	adjective	eng
vidan	adjective	hbs	visible	adjective	eng
videokonferencijski	adjective	hbs	videoconferencing	adjective	eng
vijetnamski	adjective	hbs	Vietnamese	adjective	eng
vinarski	adjective	hbs	wine	adjective	eng
vinski	adjective	hbs	wine	adjective	eng
violinski	adjective	hbs	violin	adjective	eng
višedesetljetni	adjective	hbs	decades-long	adjective	eng
višegradski	adjective	hbs	Višegrad	adjective	eng
visok	adjective	hbs	high	adjective	eng
visok	adjective	hbs	senior	adjective	eng
visok	adjective	hbs	tall	adjective	eng
visok	adjective	hbs	top	adjective	eng
vizni	adjective	hbs	visa	adjective	eng
vječan	adjective	hbs	eternal	adjective	eng
vječan	adjective	hbs	everlasting	adjective	eng
vjekovan	adjective	hbs	old	adjective	eng
vjerojatan	adjective	hbs	believable	adjective	eng
vjerojatan	adjective	hbs	likely	adjective	eng
vjerojatan	adjective	hbs	possible	adjective	eng
vjerovatan	adjective	hbs	believable	adjective	eng
vjerovatan	adjective	hbs	likely	adjective	eng
vjerovatan	adjective	hbs	possible	adjective	eng
vjerski	adjective	hbs	religious	adjective	eng
vladajući	adjective	hbs	governing	adjective	eng
vladajući	adjective	hbs	reigning	adjective	eng
vladajući	adjective	hbs	ruling	adjective	eng
vladin	adjective	hbs	governmental	adjective	eng
vlastit	adjective	hbs	own	adjective	eng
vodeći	adjective	hbs	leading	adjective	eng
vodeći	adjective	hbs	top	adjective	eng
voden	adjective	hbs	aquatic	adjective	eng
voden	adjective	hbs	water	adjective	eng
vojni	adjective	hbs	army	adjective	eng
vojni	adjective	hbs	military	adjective	eng
vojni	adjective	hbs	war	adjective	eng
vojni	adjective	hbs	wartime	adjective	eng
volonterski	adjective	hbs	volunteer	adjective	eng
vremenski	adjective	hbs	temporal	adjective	eng
vremenski	adjective	hbs	time	adjective	eng
vremenski	adjective	hbs	weather	adjective	eng
vrhovni	adjective	hbs	supreme	adjective	eng
vrhovni	adjective	hbs	top	adjective	eng
vrijedan	adjective	hbs	capable	adjective	eng
vrijedan	adjective	hbs	hard-working	adjective	eng
vrijedan	adjective	hbs	industrious	adjective	eng
vrijedan	adjective	hbs	valuable	adjective	eng
vrijedan	adjective	hbs	worth	adjective	eng
zabavan	adjective	hbs	entertaining	adjective	eng
zabranjen	adjective	hbs	banned	adjective	eng
zabranjen	adjective	hbs	forbidden	adjective	eng
zabrinut	adjective	hbs	anxious	adjective	eng
zabrinut	adjective	hbs	apprehensive	adjective	eng
zabrinut	adjective	hbs	concerned	adjective	eng
zadnji	adjective	hbs	back	adjective	eng
zadnji	adjective	hbs	rear	adjective	eng
zadovoljan	adjective	hbs	happy	adjective	eng
zadovoljan	adjective	hbs	satisfied	adjective	eng
zadužen	adjective	hbs	responsible	adjective	eng
zagrebački	adjective	hbs	Zagreb	adjective	eng
zagrižen	adjective	hbs	anxious	adjective	eng
zagrižen	adjective	hbs	apprehensive	adjective	eng
zagrižen	adjective	hbs	concerned	adjective	eng
zagušen	adjective	hbs	clogged	adjective	eng
zainteresiran	adjective	hbs	interested	adjective	eng
zainteresiran	adjective	hbs	keen	adjective	eng
zainteresiran	adjective	hbs	willing	adjective	eng
zainteresovan	adjective	hbs	interested	adjective	eng
zainteresovan	adjective	hbs	keen	adjective	eng
zainteresovan	adjective	hbs	willing	adjective	eng
zajednički	adjective	hbs	collective	adjective	eng
zajednički	adjective	hbs	common	adjective	eng
zajednički	adjective	hbs	joint	adjective	eng
zajednički	adjective	hbs	mutual	adjective	eng
zajednički	adjective	hbs	together	adjective	eng
zakazan	adjective	hbs	announced	adjective	eng
zakazan	adjective	hbs	scheduled	adjective	eng
zakonodavni	adjective	hbs	legal	adjective	eng
zakonodavni	adjective	hbs	legislative	adjective	eng
zakonski	adjective	hbs	legal	adjective	eng
zakonski	adjective	hbs	legislative	adjective	eng
zakonski	adjective	hbs	legitimate	adjective	eng
žalostan	adjective	hbs	miserable	adjective	eng
žalostan	adjective	hbs	regrettable	adjective	eng
zanatski	adjective	hbs	craft	adjective	eng
žandarmerijski	adjective	hbs	former	adjective	eng
zao	adjective	hbs	bad	adjective	eng
zao	adjective	hbs	ill	adjective	eng
zao	adjective	hbs	poor	adjective	eng
zao	adjective	hbs	weak	adjective	eng
zaobilazan	adjective	hbs	roundabout	adjective	eng
zapadni	adjective	hbs	western	adjective	eng
zapadnobalkanski	adjective	hbs	Western Balkan	adjective	eng
zapadnoeuropski	adjective	hbs	West European	adjective	eng
zapadnoevropski	adjective	hbs	West European	adjective	eng
zaposlen	adjective	hbs	employed	adjective	eng
zarazan	adjective	hbs	deadly	adjective	eng
zarazan	adjective	hbs	infectious	adjective	eng
zaražen	adjective	hbs	deadly	adjective	eng
zaražen	adjective	hbs	infectious	adjective	eng
zaštitni	adjective	hbs	preventive	adjective	eng
zaštitni	adjective	hbs	protective	adjective	eng
zatvoren	adjective	hbs	arrested	adjective	eng
zatvoren	adjective	hbs	closed	adjective	eng
zatvoren	adjective	hbs	dark	adjective	eng
zatvoren	adjective	hbs	reserved	adjective	eng
zatvoren	adjective	hbs	shut	adjective	eng
zatvorenički	adjective	hbs	female	adjective	eng
zatvorski	adjective	hbs	judicial	adjective	eng
zatvorski	adjective	hbs	legal	adjective	eng
zatvorski	adjective	hbs	penal	adjective	eng
završen	adjective	hbs	completed	adjective	eng
zborski	adjective	hbs	choral	adjective	eng
zdravstven	adjective	hbs	health	adjective	eng
zdravstven	adjective	hbs	medical	adjective	eng
zdravstven	adjective	hbs	sanitary	adjective	eng
zelen	adjective	hbs	fresh	adjective	eng
zelen	adjective	hbs	green	adjective	eng
zelen	adjective	hbs	inexperienced	adjective	eng
zelen	adjective	hbs	unripe	adjective	eng
željezničarski	adjective	hbs	railway	adjective	eng
željeznički	adjective	hbs	rail	adjective	eng
zemni	adjective	hbs	taken	adjective	eng
zemunski	adjective	hbs	Zemun	adjective	eng
ženevski	adjective	hbs	Genevan	adjective	eng
ženski	adjective	hbs	female	adjective	eng
ženski	adjective	hbs	feminine	adjective	eng
ženski	adjective	hbs	women's	adjective	eng
žestok	adjective	hbs	bad	adjective	eng
žestok	adjective	hbs	bitter	adjective	eng
žestok	adjective	hbs	fierce	adjective	eng
žestok	adjective	hbs	severe	adjective	eng
židovski	adjective	hbs	Jewish	adjective	eng
zimski	adjective	hbs	winter	adjective	eng
živčani	adjective	hbs	nerve	adjective	eng
životan	adjective	hbs	animal	adjective	eng
životan	adjective	hbs	environmental	adjective	eng
životan	adjective	hbs	living	adjective	eng
životinjski	adjective	hbs	living	adjective	eng
zlatan	adjective	hbs	golden	adjective	eng
zlatan	adjective	hbs	valuable	adjective	eng
zlatan	adjective	hbs	wonderful	adjective	eng
značajan	adjective	hbs	important	adjective	eng
značajan	adjective	hbs	major	adjective	eng
značajan	adjective	hbs	meaningful	adjective	eng
značajan	adjective	hbs	significant	adjective	eng
značajan	adjective	hbs	substantial	adjective	eng
znanstven	adjective	hbs	scholarly	adjective	eng
znanstven	adjective	hbs	scientific	adjective	eng
znatan	adjective	hbs	considerable	adjective	eng
znatan	adjective	hbs	significant	adjective	eng
znatan	adjective	hbs	sizeable	adjective	eng
znatan	adjective	hbs	substantial	adjective	eng
zračan	adjective	hbs	aerial	adjective	eng
zračan	adjective	hbs	air	adjective	eng
zrakoplovni	adjective	hbs	air	adjective	eng
žut	adjective	hbs	yellow	adjective	eng
zvan	adjective	hbs	titled	adjective	eng
Damir	properNoun	hbs	Damir	properNoun	eng
Let 2	properNoun	hbs	Let 2	properNoun	eng
Let 3	properNoun	hbs	Let 3	properNoun	eng
Ljubljana	properNoun	hbs	Ljubljana	properNoun	eng
Martinović	properNoun	hbs	Martinović	properNoun	eng
Mrle	properNoun	hbs	Mrle	properNoun	eng
Pariz	properNoun	hbs	Paris	properNoun	eng
Prlja	properNoun	hbs	Prlja	properNoun	eng
Prodanović	properNoun	hbs	Prodanović	properNoun	eng
Pula	properNoun	hbs	Pula	properNoun	eng
Rijeka	properNoun	hbs	Rijeka	properNoun	eng
rijeka	noun	hbs	river	noun	eng
Split	properNoun	hbs	Split	properNoun	eng
Texas	properNoun	hbs	Texas	properNoun	eng
Zagreb	properNoun	hbs	Zagreb	properNoun	eng
Zoran	properNoun	hbs	Zoran	properNoun	eng
a	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	and	coordinatingConjunction	eng
atrakcija	noun	hbs	attraction	noun	eng
baba	noun	hbs	hag	noun	eng
beskompromisan	adjective	hbs	uncompromising	adjective	eng
bitan	adjective	hbs	substantial	adjective	eng
bizaran	adjective	hbs	bizarre	adjective	eng
bizarno	adverb	hbs	bizarrely	adverb	eng
bronca	noun	hbs	bronze	noun	eng
bučan	adjective	hbs	loud	adjective	eng
cijeli	adjective	hbs	whole	adjective	eng
cijel	adjective	hbs	whole	adjective	eng
da	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	that	coordinatingConjunction	eng
dio	noun	hbs	part	noun	eng
diskografija	noun	hbs	discography	noun	eng
diskografski	adjective	hbs	discographical	adjective	eng
djelovanje	noun	hbs	activity	noun	eng
do	preposition	hbs	to	preposition	eng
doista	adverb	hbs	really	adverb	eng
dorađenost	noun	hbs	maturity	noun	eng
dramaturški	adjective	hbs	dramaturgical	adjective	eng
drugi	adjective	hbs	second	adjective	eng
država	noun	hbs	country	noun	eng
dvije	numeral	hbs	two	numeral	eng
ekipa	noun	hbs	team	noun	eng
fantastičan	adjective	hbs	fantastic	adjective	eng
fascinacija	noun	hbs	fascination	noun	eng
frenetičnost	noun	hbs	frenzy	noun	eng
frontman	noun	hbs	frontman	noun	eng
glazben	adjective	hbs	musical	adjective	eng
glazbenik	noun	hbs	musician	noun	eng
godina	noun	hbs	year	noun	eng
grad	noun	hbs	city	noun	eng
hit	noun	hbs	hit	noun	eng
humor	noun	hbs	humour	noun	eng
i	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	and	coordinatingConjunction	eng
ili	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	or	coordinatingConjunction	eng
ili	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	or	coordinatingConjunction	eng
image	noun	hbs	image	noun	eng
ime	noun	hbs	name	noun	eng
indie	adjective	hbs	indie	adjective	eng
iskustvo	noun	hbs	experience	noun	eng
iz	preposition	hbs	from	preposition	eng
izlaz	noun	hbs	output	noun	eng
izuzetan	adjective	hbs	extraordinary	adjective	eng
izvođački	adjective	hbs	performing	adjective	eng
javan	adjective	hbs	public	adjective	eng
javnost	noun	hbs	public	noun	eng
jezgra	noun	hbs	core	noun	eng
kao	preposition	hbs	as	preposition	eng
karijera	noun	hbs	career	noun	eng
kasnije	adverb	hbs	later	adverb	eng
koji	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	who	pronoun	eng
koji	pronoun	hbs	who	pronoun	eng
koji	pronoun	hbs	which	pronoun	eng
kompilacija	noun	hbs	compilation	noun	eng
konac	noun	hbs	end	noun	eng
koncert	noun	hbs	concert	noun	eng
kraj	noun	hbs	end	noun	eng
kreativan	adjective	hbs	creative	adjective	eng
kroz	preposition	hbs	through	preposition	eng
krug	noun	hbs	circle	noun	eng
kurac	noun	hbs	cock	noun	eng
kvaliteta	noun	hbs	quality	noun	eng
metar	noun	hbs	metre	noun	eng
multimedijalan	adjective	hbs	multimedia	adjective	eng
na	preposition	hbs	on	preposition	eng
nadahnut	adjective	hbs	inspired	adjective	eng
nakon	preposition	hbs	after	preposition	eng
napravljen	adjective	hbs	made	adjective	eng
nastavak	noun	hbs	continuation	noun	eng
negdje	adverb	hbs	somewhere	adverb	eng
nego	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	but	coordinatingConjunction	eng
neponovljiv	adjective	hbs	outstanding	adjective	eng
nikada	adverb	hbs	never	adverb	eng
nivo	noun	hbs	level	noun	eng
obraditi	noun	hbs	cover	verb	eng
od	preposition	hbs	from	preposition	eng
odabran	adjective	hbs	chosen	adjective	eng
odmah	adverb	hbs	instantly	adverb	eng
oformljavanje	noun	hbs	forming	noun	eng
okoliš	noun	hbs	environment	noun	eng
onaj	pronoun	hbs	that	pronoun	eng
općenito	adverb	hbs	in general	adverb	eng
općenit	adjective	hbs	general	adjective	eng
osjećaj	noun	hbs	feeling	noun	eng
osnova	noun	hbs	basis	noun	eng
osobit	adjective	hbs	particular	adjective	eng
ostali	noun	hbs	other	noun	eng
otkriti	verb	hbs	reveal	verb	eng
otkriven	adjective	hbs	revealed	adjective	eng
očaran	adjective	hbs	enchanted	adjective	eng
parodirati	verb	hbs	parody	verb	eng
pas	noun	hbs	dog	noun	eng
pažnja	noun	hbs	attention	noun	eng
perfektan	adjective	hbs	perfect	adjective	eng
pjesma	noun	hbs	song	noun	eng
pjevač	noun	hbs	singer	noun	eng
pojava	noun	hbs	phenomenon	noun	eng
poklonik	noun	hbs	fan	noun	eng
politički	adjective	hbs	political	adjective	eng
polovica	noun	hbs	half	noun	eng
popularan	adjective	hbs	popular	adjective	eng
postajati	verb	hbs	become	verb	eng
povijest	noun	hbs	history	noun	eng
početak	noun	hbs	beginning	noun	eng
početkom	preposition	hbs	at the beginning of	preposition	eng
početni	adjective	hbs	starting	adjective	eng
praćen	adjective	hbs	followed	adjective	eng
pratiti	verb	hbs	follow	verb	eng
prije	preposition	hbs	before	preposition	eng
projekt	noun	hbs	project	noun	eng
prvi	adjective	hbs	first	adjective	eng
prvorazredan	adjective	hbs	first-class	adjective	eng
ptica	noun	hbs	bird	noun	eng
punk	noun	hbs	punk	noun	eng
rafiniranost	noun	hbs	refinement	noun	eng
raspad	noun	hbs	breakup	noun	eng
različitost	noun	hbs	nonconformity	noun	eng
razvijen	adjective	hbs	developed	adjective	eng
red	noun	hbs	line	noun	eng
regija	noun	hbs	region	noun	eng
riječan	noun	hbs	citizen of Rijeka	noun	eng
riječki	adjective	hbs	Rijeka	adjective	eng
rock	noun	hbs	rock	noun	eng
sa	preposition	hbs	with	preposition	eng
sam	adjective	hbs	very	adverb	eng
samo	adverb	hbs	only	adverb	eng
sceničnost	noun	hbs	stage appearance	noun	eng
scenski	adjective	hbs	stage	adjective	eng
sljedeći	adjective	hbs	next	adjective	eng
sljedeći	adjective	hbs	following	adjective	eng
socijalan	adjective	hbs	social	adjective	eng
specifičan	adjective	hbs	unique	adjective	eng
specifičnost	noun	hbs	uniqueness	noun	eng
spomenik	noun	hbs	monument	noun	eng
stalno	adverb	hbs	constantly	adverb	eng
stilski	adjective	hbs	stylistic	adjective	eng
strukturni	adjective	hbs	structural	adjective	eng
svjestan	adjective	hbs	aware	adjective	eng
svoj	reflexivePersonalPronoun	hbs	their	determiner	eng
njihov	pronoun	hbs	their	determiner	eng
naš	pronoun	hbs	our	determiner	eng
njegov	pronoun	hbs	his	determiner	eng
širiti	verb	hbs	expand	verb	eng
te	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	and	coordinatingConjunction	eng
tekst	noun	hbs	lyrics	noun	eng
Termiti	properNoun	hbs	Termiti	properNoun	eng
tijekom	preposition	hbs	during	preposition	eng
to	pronoun	hbs	that	pronoun	eng
točno	adverb	hbs	right	adverb	eng
točan	adjective	hbs	right	adjective	eng
trademark	noun	hbs	trademark	noun	eng
u	preposition	hbs	in	preposition	eng
u	preposition	hbs	on	preposition	eng
u to vrijeme	adverb	hbs	around that time	adverb	eng
ulica	noun	hbs	street	noun	eng
umjetnik	noun	hbs	artist	noun	eng
umjetnički	adjective	hbs	artistic	adjective	eng
unikatan	adjective	hbs	unique	adjective	eng
uvijek	adverb	hbs	always	adverb	eng
utemeljivati	verb	hbs	start	verb	eng
veljača	noun	hbs	February	noun	eng
vidljiv	adjective	hbs	obvious	adjective	eng
vidljivo	adverb	hbs	clearly	adverb	eng
više	adjective	hbs	several	adjective	eng
visok	adjective	hbs	high	adjective	eng
višegodišnji	adjective	hbs	perennial	adjective	eng
vjeran	adjective	hbs	loyal	adjective	eng
vrijeme	noun	hbs	time	noun	eng
za	preposition	hbs	for	preposition	eng
zaista	adverb	hbs	truely	adverb	eng
zajedno	adjective	hbs	together	adjective	eng
čudak	noun	hbs	weirdo	noun	eng
štovatelj	noun	hbs	fan	noun	eng
kao što	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	like	coordinatingConjunction	eng
što	pronoun	hbs	what	pronoun	eng
čiji	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	whose	pronoun	eng
bilježiti	verb	hbs	mark	verb	eng
donirati	verb	hbs	donate	verb	eng
mijenjati	verb	hbs	change	verb	eng
nametnuti	verb	hbs	assert	verb	eng
nastavljati	verb	hbs	continue	verb	eng
negirati	verb	hbs	deny	verb	eng
povlađivati	verb	hbs	indulge	verb	eng
skupljati	verb	hbs	gather	verb	eng
svirati	verb	hbs	play	verb	eng
uspjeti	verb	hbs	manage	verb	eng
na koncu	adverb	hbs	eventually	adverb	eng
istup	noun	hbs	appearance	noun	eng
komentirati	verb	hbs	comment	verb	eng
obraditi	verb	hbs	cover	verb	eng
kao	adverb	hbs	as	preposition	eng
u to vrijeme	adverb	hbs	around that time	adverb	eng
na koncu	adverb	hbs	eventually	adverb	eng
svoj	pronoun	hbs	his	pronoun	eng
od	preposition	hbs	since	preposition	eng
babin	adjective	hbs	hag	adjective	eng
biti	verb	hbs	beat	verb	eng
napraviti	verb	hbs	make	verb	eng
razviti	verb	hbs	develop	verb	eng
kao što	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	just as	adverb	eng
istupati	verb	hbs	appear	verb	eng
free	pronoun	hbs	prpers	pronoun	eng
što	subordinatingConjunction	hbs	what	subordinatingConjunction	eng
tijek	noun	hbs	course	noun	eng
let	noun	hbs	flight	noun	eng
kraj	preposition	hbs	next to	preposition	eng
čiji	pronoun	hbs	whose	pronoun	eng
dati	verb	hbs	give	verb	eng
ostati	verb	hbs	stay	verb	eng
clitic	pronoun	hbs	prpers	pronoun	eng
ni	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	nor	coordinatingConjunction	eng
punct	punctuation	hbs	punct	punctuation	eng
sest	numeral	hbs	six	numeral	eng
gdje	adverb	hbs	where	adverb	eng
malo	adverb	hbs	some	adverb	eng
Ivica	properNoun	hbs	James	properNoun	eng
Marica	properNoun	hbs	Mary	properNoun	eng
vrijeme	noun	hbs	weather	noun	eng
glava	noun	hbs	head	noun	eng
voda	noun	hbs	water	noun	eng
stol	noun	hbs	table	noun	eng
prozor	noun	hbs	window	noun	eng
stolac	noun	hbs	chair	noun	eng
vani	noun	hbs	outside	noun	eng
oko	noun	hbs	eye	noun	eng
djecak	noun	hbs	boy	noun	eng
djevojcica	noun	hbs	girl	noun	eng
sestra	noun	hbs	sister	noun	eng
pas	noun	hbs	dog	noun	eng
drvo	noun	hbs	tree	noun	eng
vrt	noun	hbs	garden	noun	eng
kuc	noun	hbs	house	noun	eng
ljudi	noun	hbs	people	noun	eng
pitanje	noun	hbs	question	noun	eng
odgovor	noun	hbs	response	noun	eng
ptica	noun	hbs	bird	noun	eng
zvuk	noun	hbs	sound	noun	eng
zivotinja	noun	hbs	animal	noun	eng
blizu	preposition	hbs	near	preposition	eng
iza	preposition	hbs	behind	preposition	eng
tako	preposition	hbs	that way	preposition	eng
u	preposition	hbs	in	preposition	eng
ispred	preposition	hbs	in front of	preposition	eng
onda	preposition	hbs	then	preposition	eng
danas	preposition	hbs	today	preposition	eng
jucer	preposition	hbs	yesterday	preposition	eng
naravno	adverb	hbs	of course	adverb	eng
i	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	and	coordinatingConjunction	eng
niti	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	nor	coordinatingConjunction	eng
iako	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	although	coordinatingConjunction	eng
a	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	and	coordinatingConjunction	eng
ali	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	but	coordinatingConjunction	eng
no	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	but	coordinatingConjunction	eng
druga	adjective	hbs	other	adjective	eng
lijep	adjective	hbs	nice	adjective	eng
sretan	adjective	hbs	happy	adjective	eng
dva	adjective	hbs	two	adjective	eng
toplo	adjective	hbs	warm	adjective	eng
hladno	adjective	hbs	cold	adjective	eng
jako	adjective	hbs	very	adjective	eng
mal	adjective	hbs	small	adjective	eng
star	adjective	hbs	old	adjective	eng
velik	adjective	hbs	big	adjective	eng
otići	verb	hbs	leave	verb	eng
pojesti	verb	hbs	eat	verb	eng
popiti	verb	hbs	drink	verb	eng
igrati	verb	hbs	play	verb	eng
slusati	verb	hbs	listen	verb	eng
dobiti	verb	hbs	get	verb	eng
spava	verb	hbs	sleep	verb	eng
kazati	verb	hbs	say	verb	eng
gleda	verb	hbs	look	verb	eng
vidjeti	verb	hbs	see	verb	eng
smijati	verb	hbs	laugh	verb	eng
setati	verb	hbs	walk	verb	eng
misli	verb	hbs	think	verb	eng
moze	modal	hbs	can	modal	eng
ima	verb	hbs	have	verb	eng
voli	modal	hbs	love	modal	eng
obozavati	modal	hbs	love	modal	eng
s	preposition	hbs	with	preposition	eng
jos uvijek	preposition	hbs	still	preposition	eng
ispod	preposition	hbs	under	preposition	eng
kroz	preposition	hbs	through	preposition	eng
djete	noun	hbs	kid	noun	eng
ruka	noun	hbs	hand	noun	eng
macka	noun	hbs	cat	noun	eng
majka	noun	hbs	mother	noun	eng
nista	noun	hbs	nothing	noun	eng
igra	noun	hbs	game	noun	eng
brojanje	noun	hbs	counting	noun	eng
prpers	pronoun	hbs	prpers	pronoun	eng
hitro	adverb	hbs	quickly	adverb	eng
vjerojatno	adverb	hbs	probably	adverb	eng
sto	adverb	hbs	what	adverb	eng
na	adverb	hbs	to	adverb	eng
zajedno	adverb	hbs	together	adverb	eng
polako	adverb	hbs	slowly	adverb	eng
pazljivo	adverb	hbs	carefully	adverb	eng
opet	preposition	hbs	again	preposition	eng
do	adverb	hbs	to	adverb	eng
nikad	adverb	hbs	never	adverb	eng
uvijek	adverb	hbs	always	adverb	eng
dobro	adverb	hbs	well	adverb	eng
sad	adverb	hbs	now	adverb	eng
pokusavati	verb	hbs	try	verb	eng
prici	verb	hbs	come	verb	eng
zeljeti	verb	hbs	want	verb	eng
cuti	verb	hbs	hear	verb	eng
potrcava	verb	hbs	run	verb	eng
skriva	verb	hbs	hide	verb	eng
znati	verb	hbs	know	verb	eng
pitati	verb	hbs	ask	verb	eng
zavrsiti	verb	hbs	finish	verb	eng
zasto	adverb	hbs	why	adverb	eng
kad	preposition	hbs	when	preposition	eng
blize	preposition	hbs	closer	preposition	eng
tamo	preposition	hbs	there	preposition	eng
posvuda	preposition	hbs	everywhere	preposition	eng
uokolo	adverb	hbs	around	adverb	eng
kako	preposition	hbs	how	preposition	eng
zatim	preposition	hbs	then	preposition	eng
otici	verb	hbs	go	verb	eng
govoriti	verb	hbs	speak	verb	eng
razgovarati	verb	hbs	talk	verb	eng
reci	verb	hbs	tell	verb	eng
odgovoriti	verb	hbs	respond	verb	eng
naci	verb	hbs	find	verb	eng
dolaziti	verb	hbs	come	verb	eng
sjedi	verb	hbs	sit	verb	eng
drzi	verb	hbs	hold	verb	eng
zacuti	verb	hbs	hear	verb	eng
odlaziti	verb	hbs	go	verb	eng
odbrojavati	verb	hbs	count	verb	eng
pogledati	verb	hbs	look	verb	eng
raditi	verb	hbs	do	verb	eng
mačka	noun	hbs	cat	noun	eng
pas	noun	hbs	dog	noun	eng
stol	noun	hbs	table	noun	eng
stolac	noun	hbs	chair	noun	eng
majka	noun	hbs	mother	noun	eng
drvo	noun	hbs	tree	noun	eng
oko	noun	hbs	eye	noun	eng
oko	noun	hbs	eye	noun	eng
brojanje	noun	hbs	counting	noun	eng
vrijeme	noun	hbs	time	noun	eng
vrijeme	noun	hbs	weather	noun	eng
prozor	noun	hbs	window	noun	eng
dječak	noun	hbs	boy	noun	eng
djevojčica	noun	hbs	girl	noun	eng
djeca	noun	hbs	child	noun	eng
igra	noun	hbs	game	noun	eng
dan	noun	hbs	day	noun	eng
vrt	noun	hbs	garden	noun	eng
Ivica	properNoun	hbs	Ivica	properNoun	eng
Marica	properNoun	hbs	Marica	properNoun	eng
kuća	noun	hbs	house	noun	eng
ruka	noun	hbs	hand	noun	eng
godina	noun	hbs	year	noun	eng
sestra	noun	hbs	sister	noun	eng
jučer	adverb	hbs	yesterday	adverb	eng
uvijek	adverb	hbs	always	adverb	eng
danas	adverb	hbs	today	adverb	eng
onda	adverb	hbs	then	adverb	eng
vani	adverb	hbs	outside	adverb	eng
jako	adverb	hbs	very	adverb	eng
sada	adverb	hbs	now	adverb	eng
zajedno	adverb	hbs	together	adverb	eng
još uvijek	adverb	hbs	still	adverb	eng
lijep	adjective	hbs	beautiful	adjective	eng
hladan	adjective	hbs	cold	adjective	eng
star	adjective	hbs	old	adjective	eng
topao	adjective	hbs	warm	adjective	eng
veliki	adjective	hbs	large	adjective	eng
malen	adjective	hbs	little	adjective	eng
mali	adjective	hbs	little	adjective	eng
sretan	adjective	hbs	happy	adjective	eng
biti	verb	hbs	be	verb	eng
igrati	verb	hbs	play	verb	eng
igrati	verb	hbs	dance	verb	eng
imati	verb	hbs	have	verb	eng
nemati	verb	hbs	not have	verb	eng
obožavati	verb	hbs	love	verb	eng
gledati	verb	hbs	look	verb	eng
gledati	verb	hbs	look	verb	eng
gledati	verb	hbs	watch	verb	eng
gledati	verb	hbs	watch	verb	eng
obožavati	verb	hbs	worship	verb	eng
spavati	verb	hbs	sleep	verb	eng
vidjeti	verb	hbs	see	verb	eng
voljeti	verb	hbs	like	verb	eng
moći	verb	hbs	can	verb	eng
misliti	verb	hbs	think	verb	eng
raditi	verb	hbs	do	verb	eng
raditi	verb	hbs	work	verb	eng
li	interrogativePronoun	hbs	if	adverb	eng
u	preposition	hbs	in	preposition	eng
u	preposition	hbs	to	preposition	eng
kroz	preposition	hbs	through	preposition	eng
ispred	preposition	hbs	in front of	preposition	eng
s	preposition	hbs	with	preposition	eng
iza	preposition	hbs	behind	preposition	eng
blizu	preposition	hbs	near	preposition	eng
do	preposition	hbs	to	preposition	eng
od	preposition	hbs	from	preposition	eng
njezin	pronoun	hbs	her	determiner	eng
njezin	pronoun	hbs	her	determiner	eng
njen	pronoun	hbs	her	determiner	eng
vaš	pronoun	hbs	your	determiner	eng
moj	pronoun	hbs	my	determiner	eng
tvoj	pronoun	hbs	your	determiner	eng
svoj	pronoun	hbs	her (own)	pronoun	eng
svoj	pronoun	hbs	his (own=	pronoun	eng
svoj	pronoun	hbs	their (own)	pronoun	eng
svoj	pronoun	hbs	my (own)	pronoun	eng
svoj	pronoun	hbs	your (own=	pronoun	eng
i	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	and	coordinatingConjunction	eng
ali	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	but	coordinatingConjunction	eng
a	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	but	coordinatingConjunction	eng
a	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	and	coordinatingConjunction	eng
niti	coordinatingConjunction	hbs	nor	coordinatingConjunction	eng
,	comma	hbs	,	comma	eng
(	openParenthesis	hbs	(	openParenthesis	eng
)	closeParenthesis	hbs	)	closeParenthesis	eng
[	openParenthesis	hbs	[	openParenthesis	eng
]	closeParenthesis	hbs	]	closeParenthesis	eng
«	punctuation	hbs	«	punctuation	eng
»	punctuation	hbs	»	punctuation	eng
“	punctuation	hbs	“	punctuation	eng
”	punctuation	hbs	”	punctuation	eng
-	punctuation	hbs	-	punctuation	eng
–	punctuation	hbs	–	punctuation	eng
—	punctuation	hbs	—	punctuation	eng
'	punctuation	hbs	'	punctuation	eng
I	numeral	hbs	I	numeral	eng
II	numeral	hbs	II	numeral	eng
III	numeral	hbs	III	numeral	eng
IV	numeral	hbs	IV	numeral	eng
V	numeral	hbs	V	numeral	eng
VI	numeral	hbs	VI	numeral	eng
VII	numeral	hbs	VII	numeral	eng
VIII	numeral	hbs	VIII	numeral	eng
IX	numeral	hbs	IX	numeral	eng
X	numeral	hbs	X	numeral	eng
i	numeral	hbs	i	numeral	eng
ii	numeral	hbs	ii	numeral	eng
iii	numeral	hbs	iii	numeral	eng
iv	numeral	hbs	iv	numeral	eng
v	numeral	hbs	v	numeral	eng
vi	numeral	hbs	vi	numeral	eng
vii	numeral	hbs	vii	numeral	eng
viii	numeral	hbs	viii	numeral	eng
ix	numeral	hbs	ix	numeral	eng
x	numeral	hbs	x	numeral	eng
