alguno	determiner	spa	alcun	determiner	ita
alguno	determiner	spa	qualche	determiner	ita
ambos	determiner	spa	entrambi i	determiner	ita
ambos	determiner	spa	tutt'e due i	determiner	ita
aquel	determiner	spa	quello	determiner	ita
cada	determiner	spa	ogni	determiner	ita
cada	determiner	spa	ciascuno	determiner	ita
cada	determiner	spa	ciascuno	determiner	ita
cierto	determiner	spa	certo	determiner	ita
cierto	determiner	spa	taluno	determiner	ita
cualquier	determiner	spa	qualsiasi	determiner	ita
cualquier	determiner	spa	qualsiasi	determiner	ita
cualquier	determiner	spa	qualsiasi	determiner	ita
cualquier	determiner	spa	qualunque	determiner	ita
demás	determiner	spa	altri	determiner	ita
diverso	determiner	spa	diverso	determiner	ita
el	determiner	spa	il	determiner	ita
el	determiner	spa	il	determiner	ita
ese	determiner	spa	quello	determiner	ita
este	determiner	spa	questo	determiner	ita
este	determiner	spa	questo	determiner	ita
mucho	adjective	spa	molto	determiner	ita
mío	determiner	spa	il mio	determiner	ita
mío	determiner	spa	il mio	determiner	ita
mío	determiner	spa	il mio	determiner	ita
mío	determiner	spa	mio	determiner	ita
mío	determiner	spa	mio	determiner	ita
ninguno	determiner	spa	nessuno	determiner	ita
nuestro	determiner	spa	il nostro	determiner	ita
nuestro	determiner	spa	nostro	determiner	ita
otro	determiner	spa	un altro	determiner	ita
otros muchos	determiner	spa	tanti altri	determiner	ita
poco	determiner	spa	poco	determiner	ita
suyo	determiner	spa	il suo	determiner	ita
suyo	determiner	spa	il suo	determiner	ita
suyo	determiner	spa	il suo	determiner	ita
suyo	determiner	spa	suo	determiner	ita
suyo	determiner	spa	suo	determiner	ita
suyo	determiner	spa	il loro	determiner	ita
suyo	determiner	spa	il loro	determiner	ita
suyo	determiner	spa	loro	determiner	ita
tal	determiner	spa	tale	determiner	ita
tuyo	determiner	spa	il tuo	determiner	ita
tuyo	determiner	spa	il tuo	determiner	ita
tuyo	determiner	spa	il tuo	determiner	ita
tuyo	determiner	spa	tuo	determiner	ita
tuyo	determiner	spa	tuo	determiner	ita
uno	determiner	spa	un	determiner	ita
uno	determiner	spa	un	determiner	ita
uno	determiner	spa	un	determiner	ita
vario	determiner	spa	vario	determiner	ita
vuestro	determiner	spa	il vostro	determiner	ita
vuestro	determiner	spa	vostro	determiner	ita
todo	determiner	spa	tutto	determiner	ita
todo	determiner	spa	tutto	determiner	ita
bien	adverb	spa	bene	adverb	ita
casi	adverb	spa	quasi	adverb	ita
mal	adverb	spa	male	adverb	ita
muy	adverb	spa	molto	adverb	ita
recién	adverb	spa	appena	adverb	ita
tan	adverb	spa	tanto	adverb	ita
tan	adverb	spa	così	adverb	ita
tan	adverb	spa	talmente	adverb	ita
bastante	adverb	spa	abbastanza	adverb	ita
no muy	adverb	spa	non molto	adverb	ita
C	numeral	spa	C	numeral	ita
D	numeral	spa	D	numeral	ita
I	numeral	spa	I	numeral	ita
II	numeral	spa	II	numeral	ita
III	numeral	spa	III	numeral	ita
IV	numeral	spa	IV	numeral	ita
IX	numeral	spa	IX	numeral	ita
L	numeral	spa	L	numeral	ita
M	numeral	spa	M	numeral	ita
V	numeral	spa	V	numeral	ita
VI	numeral	spa	VI	numeral	ita
VII	numeral	spa	VII	numeral	ita
VIII	numeral	spa	VIII	numeral	ita
X	numeral	spa	X	numeral	ita
XI	numeral	spa	XI	numeral	ita
XII	numeral	spa	XII	numeral	ita
XIII	numeral	spa	XIII	numeral	ita
XIV	numeral	spa	XIV	numeral	ita
XIX	numeral	spa	XIX	numeral	ita
XV	numeral	spa	XV	numeral	ita
XVI	numeral	spa	XVI	numeral	ita
XVII	numeral	spa	XVII	numeral	ita
XVIII	numeral	spa	XVIII	numeral	ita
XX	numeral	spa	XX	numeral	ita
XXI	numeral	spa	XXI	numeral	ita
cero	numeral	spa	zero	numeral	ita
cero	numeral	spa	zero	numeral	ita
cientos	numeral	spa	centinaia	numeral	ita
decenas	numeral	spa	decine	numeral	ita
decenas de	numeral	spa	decine di	numeral	ita
mil	numeral	spa	mille	numeral	ita
mil	numeral	spa	mille	numeral	ita
mil	numeral	spa	mille	numeral	ita
mil	numeral	spa	mila	numeral	ita
millardo	numeral	spa	miliardo	numeral	ita
uno	numeral	spa	uno	numeral	ita
uno	determiner	spa	uno	numeral	ita
Amazonia	adjective	spa	Amazzonia	adjective	ita
Indus	adjective	spa	dell'Indo	adjective	ita
Kurdo	adjective	spa	curdo	adjective	ita
LED	adjective	spa	LED	adjective	ita
abdominal	adjective	spa	addominale	adjective	ita
abierto	adjective	spa	aperto	adjective	ita
abonado	adjective	spa	abbonato	adjective	ita
abrumador	adjective	spa	travolgente	adjective	ita
abrumador	adjective	spa	travolgente	adjective	ita
abrumador	adjective	spa	travolgente	adjective	ita
absoluto	adjective	spa	assoluto	adjective	ita
absorbente	adjective	spa	assorbente	adjective	ita
absorto	adjective	spa	assorto	adjective	ita
abstracto	adjective	spa	astratto	adjective	ita
absurdo	adjective	spa	assurdo	adjective	ita
abundante	adjective	spa	abbondante	adjective	ita
aburrido	adjective	spa	noioso	adjective	ita
académico	adjective	spa	accademico	adjective	ita
accesible	adjective	spa	accessibile	adjective	ita
accesorio	adjective	spa	accessorio	adjective	ita
accidental	adjective	spa	accidentale	adjective	ita
aceptable	adjective	spa	accettabile	adjective	ita
acercado	adjective	spa	avvicinato	adjective	ita
aclamante	adjective	spa	applaudente	adjective	ita
aclamante	adjective	spa	acclamante	adjective	ita
acondicionado	adjective	spa	condizionato	adjective	ita
aconfesional	adjective	spa	aconfessionale	adjective	ita
aconsejable	adjective	spa	consigliabile	adjective	ita
acorde	adjective	spa	conforme	adjective	ita
acostumbrado	adjective	spa	abituato	adjective	ita
acrílico	adjective	spa	acrilico	adjective	ita
activo	adjective	spa	attivo	adjective	ita
actual	adjective	spa	attuale	adjective	ita
actual	adjective	spa	odierno	adjective	ita
actual	adjective	spa	odierno	adjective	ita
actual	adjective	spa	odierno	adjective	ita
acuoso	adjective	spa	acquoso	adjective	ita
acuático	adjective	spa	acquatico	adjective	ita
acuñado	adjective	spa	coniato	adjective	ita
acústico	adjective	spa	acustico	adjective	ita
adaptable	adjective	spa	adattabile	adjective	ita
adecuado	adjective	spa	adeguato	adjective	ita
adecuado	adjective	spa	adatto	adjective	ita
adelantado	adjective	spa	anticipato	adjective	ita
adhesivo	adjective	spa	adesivo	adjective	ita
adicional	adjective	spa	supplementare	adjective	ita
adicional	adjective	spa	aggiuntivo	adjective	ita
adicional	adjective	spa	aggiuntivo	adjective	ita
adicional	adjective	spa	aggiuntivo	adjective	ita
adicto	adjective	spa	dipendente	adjective	ita
adicto	adjective	spa	dipendente	adjective	ita
adicto	adjective	spa	dipendente	adjective	ita
administrativo	adjective	spa	amministrativo	adjective	ita
admirable	adjective	spa	ammirevole	adjective	ita
adolescente	adjective	spa	adolescente	adjective	ita
adoptado	adjective	spa	adottato	adjective	ita
adorable	adjective	spa	adorabile	adjective	ita
adriático	adjective	spa	adriatico	adjective	ita
adulador	adjective	spa	adulatore	adjective	ita
adulto	adjective	spa	adulto	adjective	ita
adverso	adjective	spa	avverso	adjective	ita
adyacente	adjective	spa	adiacente	adjective	ita
adúltero	adjective	spa	adultero	adjective	ita
aerobio	adjective	spa	aerobico	adjective	ita
aerodinámico	adjective	spa	aerodinamico	adjective	ita
aeronáutico	adjective	spa	aeronautico	adjective	ita
afable	adjective	spa	affabile	adjective	ita
afectado	adjective	spa	colpito	adjective	ita
afectivo	adjective	spa	affettivo	adjective	ita
afectuoso	adjective	spa	affettuoso	adjective	ita
afgano	adjective	spa	afghano	adjective	ita
aficionado	adjective	spa	dilettante	adjective	ita
aficionado	adjective	spa	dilettante	adjective	ita
aficionado	adjective	spa	dilettante	adjective	ita
afilado	adjective	spa	affilato	adjective	ita
afirmativo	adjective	spa	affermativo	adjective	ita
afortunado	adjective	spa	fortunato	adjective	ita
africano	adjective	spa	africano	adjective	ita
afro	adjective	spa	afro	adjective	ita
afrodisíaco	adjective	spa	afrodisiaco	adjective	ita
aglutinante	adjective	spa	agglutinante	adjective	ita
agotado	adjective	spa	esausto	adjective	ita
agradable	adjective	spa	piacevole	adjective	ita
agradable	adjective	spa	carino	adjective	ita
agradable	adjective	spa	carino	adjective	ita
agradable	adjective	spa	carino	adjective	ita
agradecido	adjective	spa	grato	adjective	ita
agregado	adjective	spa	aggregato	adjective	ita
agresivo	adjective	spa	aggressivo	adjective	ita
agroalimentario	adjective	spa	agroalimentare	adjective	ita
agroalimentario	adjective	spa	agroalimentare	adjective	ita
agroalimentario	adjective	spa	agroalimentare	adjective	ita
agroindustrial	adjective	spa	agroindustriale	adjective	ita
agrícola	adjective	spa	agricolo	adjective	ita
agrícola	adjective	spa	agricolo	adjective	ita
agrícola	adjective	spa	agricolo	adjective	ita
agudo	adjective	spa	acuto	adjective	ita
agudo	adjective	spa	acuto	adjective	ita
aislado	adjective	spa	isolato	adjective	ita
aislado	adjective	spa	isolato	adjective	ita
ajeno	adjective	spa	esterno	adjective	ita
ajustado	adjective	spa	aggiustato	adjective	ita
al revés	adjective	spa	sottosopra	adjective	ita
bajo tierra	adjective	spa	sottoterra	adjective	ita
alarmante	adjective	spa	allarmante	adjective	ita
albanés	adjective	spa	albanese	adjective	ita
albanés	adjective	spa	albanese	adjective	ita
albanés	adjective	spa	albanese	adjective	ita
albino	adjective	spa	albino	adjective	ita
alcalino	adjective	spa	alcalino	adjective	ita
alcohólico	adjective	spa	alcolico	adjective	ita
aleatorio	adjective	spa	casuale	adjective	ita
aleatorio	adjective	spa	casuale	adjective	ita
aleatorio	adjective	spa	casuale	adjective	ita
alegre	adjective	spa	allegro	adjective	ita
alegre	adjective	spa	allegro	adjective	ita
alegre	adjective	spa	allegro	adjective	ita
alejado	adjective	spa	allontanato	adjective	ita
alemán	adjective	spa	tedesco	adjective	ita
alentador	adjective	spa	incoraggiante	adjective	ita
alentador	adjective	spa	incoraggiante	adjective	ita
alentador	adjective	spa	incoraggiante	adjective	ita
alfabético	adjective	spa	alfabetico	adjective	ita
aliado	adjective	spa	alleato	adjective	ita
alicantino	adjective	spa	alicantino	adjective	ita
alienígena	adjective	spa	alieno	adjective	ita
alienígena	adjective	spa	alieno	adjective	ita
alienígena	adjective	spa	alieno	adjective	ita
alimentaria	adjective	spa	alimentare	adjective	ita
alimentario	adjective	spa	alimentare	adjective	ita
alimentario	adjective	spa	alimentare	adjective	ita
alimentario	adjective	spa	alimentare	adjective	ita
alimenticio	adjective	spa	alimentare	adjective	ita
alimenticio	adjective	spa	alimentare	adjective	ita
alimenticio	adjective	spa	alimentare	adjective	ita
alocada	adjective	spa	folle	adjective	ita
alocado	adjective	spa	pazzesco	adjective	ita
alojado	adjective	spa	ospitato	adjective	ita
alpino	adjective	spa	alpino	adjective	ita
alternativo	adjective	spa	alternativo	adjective	ita
alterno	adjective	spa	alternato	adjective	ita
alto	adjective	spa	alto	adjective	ita
altruista	adjective	spa	altruista	adjective	ita
altruista	adjective	spa	altruista	adjective	ita
altísimo	adjective	spa	altissimo	adjective	ita
alérgico	adjective	spa	allergico	adjective	ita
amable	adjective	spa	gentile	adjective	ita
amable	adjective	spa	gentile	adjective	ita
amante	adjective	spa	amante	adjective	ita
amarillo	adjective	spa	giallo	adjective	ita
amarillo	adjective	spa	giallo	adjective	ita
ambicioso	adjective	spa	ambizioso	adjective	ita
ambiental	adjective	spa	ambientale	adjective	ita
ambiente	adjective	spa	ambiente	adjective	ita
americano	adjective	spa	americano	adjective	ita
amigable	adjective	spa	amichevole	adjective	ita
amigo	adjective	spa	amico	adjective	ita
amistoso	adjective	spa	amichevole	adjective	ita
amistoso	adjective	spa	amichevole	adjective	ita
amistoso	adjective	spa	amichevole	adjective	ita
amoral	adjective	spa	amorale	adjective	ita
amplio	adjective	spa	ampio	adjective	ita
amplio	adjective	spa	vasto	adjective	ita
anal	adjective	spa	anale	adjective	ita
analfabeto	adjective	spa	analfabeta	adjective	ita
analítico	adjective	spa	analitico	adjective	ita
analítico	adjective	spa	analitico	adjective	ita
anarquista	adjective	spa	anarchico	adjective	ita
anarquista	adjective	spa	anarchico	adjective	ita
anarquista	adjective	spa	anarchico	adjective	ita
anatómico	adjective	spa	anatomico	adjective	ita
ancestral	adjective	spa	ancestrale	adjective	ita
ancho	adjective	spa	largo	adjective	ita
andaluz	adjective	spa	andaluso	adjective	ita
anexo	adjective	spa	annesso	adjective	ita
anfibio	adjective	spa	anfibio	adjective	ita
anglicano	adjective	spa	anglicano	adjective	ita
anglosajón	adjective	spa	anglosassone	adjective	ita
anglosajón	adjective	spa	anglosassone	adjective	ita
anglosajón	adjective	spa	anglosassone	adjective	ita
angular	adjective	spa	angolare	adjective	ita
animal	adjective	spa	animale	adjective	ita
anormal	adjective	spa	anormale	adjective	ita
ansioso	adjective	spa	ansioso	adjective	ita
antecedente	adjective	spa	antecedente	adjective	ita
anterior	adjective	spa	anteriore	adjective	ita
anticlerical	adjective	spa	anticlericale	adjective	ita
anticonceptivo	adjective	spa	contraccettivo	adjective	ita
anticrisis	adjective	spa	anticrisi	adjective	ita
anticuado	adjective	spa	antiquato	adjective	ita
antidepresivo	adjective	spa	antidepressivo	adjective	ita
antieuropeo	adjective	spa	antieuropeo	adjective	ita
antiguo	adjective	spa	antico	adjective	ita
antimicróbico	adjective	spa	antimicrobico	adjective	ita
antinatural	adjective	spa	antinaturale	adjective	ita
antioxidante	adjective	spa	antiossidante	adjective	ita
antipático	adjective	spa	antipatico	adjective	ita
antiterrorista	adjective	spa	antiterrorista	adjective	ita
antiterrorista	adjective	spa	antiterrorista	adjective	ita
antiterrorista	adjective	spa	antiterrorista	adjective	ita
antípoda	adjective	spa	antipode	adjective	ita
anual	adjective	spa	annuale	adjective	ita
anular	adjective	spa	anulare	adjective	ita
análogo	adjective	spa	analogo	adjective	ita
anárquico	adjective	spa	anarchico	adjective	ita
anémico	adjective	spa	anemico	adjective	ita
anómalo	adjective	spa	anomalo	adjective	ita
anónimo	adjective	spa	anonimo	adjective	ita
aparecido	adjective	spa	comparso	adjective	ita
aparente	adjective	spa	apparente	adjective	ita
apasionado	adjective	spa	appassionato	adjective	ita
apasionante	adjective	spa	emozionante	adjective	ita
apetitoso	adjective	spa	appetitoso	adjective	ita
aplicable	adjective	spa	applicabile	adjective	ita
apocalíptico	adjective	spa	apocalittico	adjective	ita
apoteósico	adjective	spa	apoteosico	adjective	ita
apropiado	adjective	spa	appropriato	adjective	ita
apto	adjective	spa	atto	adjective	ita
apático	adjective	spa	apatico	adjective	ita
aragonés	adjective	spa	aragonese	adjective	ita
aragonés	adjective	spa	aragonese	adjective	ita
aragonés	adjective	spa	aragonese	adjective	ita
arbitral	adjective	spa	arbitrale	adjective	ita
arcaico	adjective	spa	arcaico	adjective	ita
ardiente	adjective	spa	ardente	adjective	ita
arduo	adjective	spa	arduo	adjective	ita
argelino	adjective	spa	algerino	adjective	ita
argentino	adjective	spa	argentino	adjective	ita
aristocrático	adjective	spa	aristocratico	adjective	ita
arqueológico	adjective	spa	archeologico	adjective	ita
arquitectónico	adjective	spa	architettonico	adjective	ita
arrastrado	adjective	spa	trascinato	adjective	ita
arriesgado	adjective	spa	rischioso	adjective	ita
arrogante	adjective	spa	arrogante	adjective	ita
arruinado	adjective	spa	rovinato	adjective	ita
arterial	adjective	spa	arterioso	adjective	ita
arterial	adjective	spa	arterioso	adjective	ita
arterial	adjective	spa	arterioso	adjective	ita
artesanal	adjective	spa	artigianale	adjective	ita
artesano	adjective	spa	artigiano	adjective	ita
artificial	adjective	spa	artificiale	adjective	ita
artístico	adjective	spa	artistico	adjective	ita
ascendente	adjective	spa	ascendente	adjective	ita
ascendente	adjective	spa	crescente	adjective	ita
asentado	adjective	spa	sistemato	adjective	ita
asequible	adjective	spa	a prezzi accessibili	adjective	ita
asequible	adjective	spa	a prezzi accessibili	adjective	ita
asiduo	adjective	spa	assiduo	adjective	ita
asimétrico	adjective	spa	asimmetrico	adjective	ita
asistencial	adjective	spa	assistenziale	adjective	ita
asistido	adjective	spa	frequentato	adjective	ita
asiático	adjective	spa	asiatico	adjective	ita
asombroso	adjective	spa	sorprendente	adjective	ita
asombroso	adjective	spa	sorprendente	adjective	ita
asombroso	adjective	spa	sorprendente	adjective	ita
aspirador	adjective	spa	aspiratore	adjective	ita
aspirador	adjective	spa	aspiratore	adjective	ita
aspirador	adjective	spa	aspiratore	adjective	ita
aspirante	adjective	spa	candidato	adjective	ita
asqueroso	adjective	spa	schifoso	adjective	ita
asturiano	adjective	spa	asturiano	adjective	ita
astuto	adjective	spa	astuto	adjective	ita
asustado	adjective	spa	spaventato	adjective	ita
asustado	adjective	spa	impaurito	adjective	ita
atento	adjective	spa	attento	adjective	ita
ateo	adjective	spa	ateo	adjective	ita
aterrado	adjective	spa	terrorizzato	adjective	ita
aterrador	adjective	spa	spaventoso	adjective	ita
aterrador	adjective	spa	terrificante	adjective	ita
aterrador	adjective	spa	terrificante	adjective	ita
aterrador	adjective	spa	terrificante	adjective	ita
atlántico	adjective	spa	atlantico	adjective	ita
atlético	adjective	spa	atletico	adjective	ita
atmosférico	adjective	spa	atmosferico	adjective	ita
atractivo	adjective	spa	attrattivo	adjective	ita
atractivo	adjective	spa	attraente	adjective	ita
atractivo	adjective	spa	attraente	adjective	ita
atrapado	adjective	spa	intrappolato	adjective	ita
atrapado	adjective	spa	intrappolato	adjective	ita
atrapado	adjective	spa	intrappolato	adjective	ita
atribuidor	adjective	spa	attribuente	adjective	ita
atribuidor	adjective	spa	attribuente	adjective	ita
atribuidor	adjective	spa	attribuente	adjective	ita
atribulado	adjective	spa	turbato	adjective	ita
atómico	adjective	spa	atomico	adjective	ita
atónito	adjective	spa	attonito	adjective	ita
audaz	adjective	spa	audace	adjective	ita
audiovisual	adjective	spa	audiovisivo	adjective	ita
audiovisual	adjective	spa	audiovisivo	adjective	ita
audiovisual	adjective	spa	audiovisivo	adjective	ita
auditivo	adjective	spa	dell'udito	adjective	ita
auditivo	adjective	spa	dell'udito	adjective	ita
auditivo	adjective	spa	dell'udito	adjective	ita
auditivo	adjective	spa	dell'udito	adjective	ita
auditivo	adjective	spa	dell'udito	adjective	ita
austero	adjective	spa	austero	adjective	ita
australiano	adjective	spa	australiano	adjective	ita
austríaco	adjective	spa	austriaco	adjective	ita
autista	adjective	spa	autistico	adjective	ita
autista	adjective	spa	autistico	adjective	ita
autista	adjective	spa	autistico	adjective	ita
automotriz	adjective	spa	automobilistica	adjective	ita
automotriz	adjective	spa	automobilistico	adjective	ita
automotriz	adjective	spa	automobilistico	adjective	ita
automotriz	adjective	spa	automobilistico	adjective	ita
automático	adjective	spa	automatico	adjective	ita
automóvil	adjective	spa	automobile	adjective	ita
autoritario	adjective	spa	autoritario	adjective	ita
autosuficiente	adjective	spa	autosufficiente	adjective	ita
auténtico	adjective	spa	autentico	adjective	ita
autónomo	adjective	spa	autonomo	adjective	ita
auxiliar	adjective	spa	ausiliario	adjective	ita
auxiliar	adjective	spa	ausiliario	adjective	ita
auxiliar	adjective	spa	ausiliario	adjective	ita
avanzado	adjective	spa	avanzato	adjective	ita
avellana	noun	spa	nocciola	adjective	ita
aventurero	adjective	spa	avventuriero	adjective	ita
avergonzado	adjective	spa	imbarazzato	adjective	ita
aviar	adjective	spa	aviario	adjective	ita
aviar	adjective	spa	aviario	adjective	ita
aviar	adjective	spa	aviario	adjective	ita
aviar	adjective	spa	aviario	adjective	ita
azul	adjective	spa	blu	adjective	ita
azul	adjective	spa	blu	adjective	ita
azul	adjective	spa	blu	adjective	ita
azulado	adjective	spa	bluastro	adjective	ita
aéreo	adjective	spa	aereo	adjective	ita
bajo	adjective	spa	basso	adjective	ita
balcánico	adjective	spa	balcanico	adjective	ita
balear	adjective	spa	balearico	adjective	ita
balear	adjective	spa	balearico	adjective	ita
balear	adjective	spa	balearico	adjective	ita
banal	adjective	spa	banale	adjective	ita
bancario	adjective	spa	bancario	adjective	ita
bancario	adjective	spa	bancario	adjective	ita
barato	adjective	spa	economico	adjective	ita
barbudo	adjective	spa	barbuto	adjective	ita
barroco	adjective	spa	barocco	adjective	ita
basilar	adjective	spa	basilare	adjective	ita
belga	adjective	spa	belga	adjective	ita
belga	adjective	spa	belga	adjective	ita
belga	adjective	spa	belga	adjective	ita
bello	adjective	spa	bello	adjective	ita
benefactor	adjective	spa	benefattore	adjective	ita
beneficiario	adjective	spa	beneficiario	adjective	ita
beneficioso	adjective	spa	vantaggioso	adjective	ita
bestial	adjective	spa	bestiale	adjective	ita
bidimensional	adjective	spa	bidimensionale	adjective	ita
bienvenido	adjective	spa	benvenuto	adjective	ita
bilabial	adjective	spa	bilabiale	adjective	ita
bilateral	adjective	spa	bilaterale	adjective	ita
bimensual	adjective	spa	bimensile	adjective	ita
bimensual	adjective	spa	bimestrale	adjective	ita
binario	adjective	spa	binario	adjective	ita
biológico	adjective	spa	biologico	adjective	ita
bipolar	adjective	spa	bipolare	adjective	ita
biónica	adjective	spa	bionica	adjective	ita
blanco	adjective	spa	bianco	adjective	ita
blando	adjective	spa	morbido	adjective	ita
blanquiazul	adjective	spa	biancazzurro	adjective	ita
blanquiazul	adjective	spa	biancazzurro	adjective	ita
blanquiazul	adjective	spa	biancazzurro	adjective	ita
blindado	adjective	spa	blindato	adjective	ita
bondadoso	adjective	spa	gentile	adjective	ita
bondadoso	adjective	spa	gentile	adjective	ita
bondadoso	adjective	spa	gentile	adjective	ita
bonito	adjective	spa	bello	adjective	ita
borracho	adjective	spa	ubriaco	adjective	ita
botánico	adjective	spa	botanico	adjective	ita
bovino	adjective	spa	bovino	adjective	ita
brasileño	adjective	spa	brasiliano	adjective	ita
bravo	adjective	spa	bravo	adjective	ita
brillante	adjective	spa	brillante	adjective	ita
británico	adjective	spa	britannico	adjective	ita
bronceado	adjective	spa	abbronzato	adjective	ita
bronquial	adjective	spa	bronchiale	adjective	ita
bruno	adjective	spa	bruno	adjective	ita
brusco	adjective	spa	brusco	adjective	ita
brutal	adjective	spa	brutale	adjective	ita
bruto	adjective	spa	grezzo	adjective	ita
budista	noun	spa	buddhista	noun	ita
budista	noun	spa	buddhista	noun	ita
budista	noun	spa	buddista	noun	ita
budista	noun	spa	buddista	noun	ita
budista	noun	spa	buddista	noun	ita
buen	adjective	spa	buono	adjective	ita
bueno	adjective	spa	buono	adjective	ita
burgués	adjective	spa	borghese	adjective	ita
burgués	adjective	spa	borghese	adjective	ita
burgués	adjective	spa	borghese	adjective	ita
burocrático	adjective	spa	burocratico	adjective	ita
bursátil	adjective	spa	borsistico	adjective	ita
bursátil	adjective	spa	borsistico	adjective	ita
bursátil	adjective	spa	borsistico	adjective	ita
básico	adjective	spa	basico	adjective	ita
bélico	adjective	spa	bellico	adjective	ita
búlgaro	adjective	spa	bulgaro	adjective	ita
cabal	adjective	spa	esatto	adjective	ita
calculador	adjective	spa	calcolatore	adjective	ita
caliente	adjective	spa	caldo	adjective	ita
caliente	adjective	spa	caldo	adjective	ita
caliente	adjective	spa	caldo	adjective	ita
calificado	adjective	spa	qualificato	adjective	ita
calificado	adjective	spa	qualificato	adjective	ita
callado	adjective	spa	zitto	adjective	ita
caluroso	adjective	spa	caldo	adjective	ita
calvo	adjective	spa	calvo	adjective	ita
cambiario	adjective	spa	valutario	adjective	ita
campesino	adjective	spa	contadino	adjective	ita
canadiense	adjective	spa	canadese	adjective	ita
canario	adjective	spa	canario	adjective	ita
canino	adjective	spa	canino	adjective	ita
cansado	adjective	spa	stanco	adjective	ita
cantante	adjective	spa	cantante	adjective	ita
capaz	adjective	spa	capace	adjective	ita
capaz	adjective	spa	capiente	adjective	ita
capilar	adjective	spa	capillare	adjective	ita
capital	adjective	spa	capitale	adjective	ita
característico	adjective	spa	caratteristico	adjective	ita
carbónico	adjective	spa	carbonico	adjective	ita
cardinal	adjective	spa	cardinale	adjective	ita
cardiovascular	adjective	spa	cardiovascolare	adjective	ita
cardíaco	adjective	spa	cardiaco	adjective	ita
carente	adjective	spa	carente	adjective	ita
cariñoso	adjective	spa	amorevole	adjective	ita
cariñoso	adjective	spa	amorevole	adjective	ita
cariñoso	adjective	spa	amorevole	adjective	ita
carnal	adjective	spa	carnale	adjective	ita
carnívoro	adjective	spa	carnivoro	adjective	ita
caro	adjective	spa	caro	adjective	ita
casero	adjective	spa	casereccio	adjective	ita
castaño	adjective	spa	castano	adjective	ita
castellano	adjective	spa	castigliano	adjective	ita
castellonense	adjective	spa	castiglionese	adjective	ita
casual	adjective	spa	casuale	adjective	ita
catalán	adjective	spa	catalano	adjective	ita
catastral	adjective	spa	catastale	adjective	ita
catastrófico	adjective	spa	catastrofico	adjective	ita
católico	adjective	spa	cattolico	adjective	ita
cautelar	adjective	spa	cautelare	adjective	ita
caótico	adjective	spa	caotico	adjective	ita
cebrado	adjective	spa	zebrato	adjective	ita
celular	adjective	spa	cellulare	adjective	ita
central	adjective	spa	centrale	adjective	ita
centígrado	adjective	spa	centigrado	adjective	ita
cercano	adjective	spa	vicino	adjective	ita
cerebral	adjective	spa	cerebrale	adjective	ita
cerámico	adjective	spa	ceramico	adjective	ita
chileno	adjective	spa	cileno	adjective	ita
chino	adjective	spa	cinese	adjective	ita
chino	adjective	spa	cinese	adjective	ita
chino	adjective	spa	cinese	adjective	ita
chocante	adjective	spa	scioccante	adjective	ita
chocante	adjective	spa	sconvolgente	adjective	ita
ciberdelincuente	adjective	spa	criminale informatico	adjective	ita
ciego	adjective	spa	cieco	adjective	ita
ciego	adjective	spa	non vedente	adjective	ita
ciego	adjective	spa	non vedente	adjective	ita
ciego	adjective	spa	non vedente	adjective	ita
científico	adjective	spa	scienziato	adjective	ita
científico	adjective	spa	scientifico	adjective	ita
cierto	adjective	spa	certo	adjective	ita
cinematográfico	adjective	spa	cinematografico	adjective	ita
circundante	adjective	spa	circostante	adjective	ita
circundante	adjective	spa	circostante	adjective	ita
cirílico	adjective	spa	cirillico	adjective	ita
civil	adjective	spa	civile	adjective	ita
clandestino	adjective	spa	clandestino	adjective	ita
claro	adjective	spa	chiaro	adjective	ita
clemente	adjective	spa	clemente	adjective	ita
clerical	adjective	spa	clericale	adjective	ita
climático	adjective	spa	climatico	adjective	ita
clásico	adjective	spa	classico	adjective	ita
cínico	adjective	spa	cinico	adjective	ita
clínico	adjective	spa	clinico	adjective	ita
clínico	adjective	spa	clinico	adjective	ita
codiciado	adjective	spa	ambito	adjective	ita
cognitivo	adjective	spa	cognitivo	adjective	ita
coherente	adjective	spa	coerente	adjective	ita
colaborativo	adjective	spa	collaborativo	adjective	ita
colaborativo	adjective	spa	collaborativo	adjective	ita
colateral	adjective	spa	collaterale	adjective	ita
colectivo	adjective	spa	collettivo	adjective	ita
colegial	adjective	spa	collegiale	adjective	ita
colgado	adjective	spa	appeso	adjective	ita
colindante	adjective	spa	confinante	adjective	ita
colombiano	adjective	spa	colombiano	adjective	ita
coloquial	adjective	spa	colloquiale	adjective	ita
colorante	adjective	spa	colorante	adjective	ita
colosal	adjective	spa	colossale	adjective	ita
comarcal	adjective	spa	comarcale	adjective	ita
comercial	adjective	spa	commerciale	adjective	ita
comercializable	adjective	spa	commercializzabile	adjective	ita
comerciante	adjective	spa	commerciante	adjective	ita
comestible	adjective	spa	commestibile	adjective	ita
comparable	adjective	spa	comparabile	adjective	ita
compasivo	adjective	spa	compassionevole	adjective	ita
compasivo	adjective	spa	compassionevole	adjective	ita
compasivo	adjective	spa	compassionevole	adjective	ita
compasivo	adjective	spa	compassionevole	adjective	ita
compatible	adjective	spa	compatibile	adjective	ita
competente	adjective	spa	competente	adjective	ita
competitivo	adjective	spa	competitivo	adjective	ita
competitivo	adjective	spa	concorrenziale	adjective	ita
competitivo	adjective	spa	concorrenziale	adjective	ita
competitivo	adjective	spa	concorrenziale	adjective	ita
complejo	adjective	spa	complesso	adjective	ita
complementario	adjective	spa	complementare	adjective	ita
complementario	adjective	spa	complementare	adjective	ita
complementario	adjective	spa	complementare	adjective	ita
completo	adjective	spa	completo	adjective	ita
componente	adjective	spa	componente	adjective	ita
compositor	adjective	spa	compositore	adjective	ita
comprensible	adjective	spa	comprensibile	adjective	ita
comprimido	adjective	spa	compresso	adjective	ita
comprimido	adjective	spa	compresso	adjective	ita
comprometido	adjective	spa	impegnato	adjective	ita
compuesto	adjective	spa	composto	adjective	ita
computacional	adjective	spa	computazionale	adjective	ita
computacional	adjective	spa	computazionale	adjective	ita
comunal	adjective	spa	comunale	adjective	ita
comunista	adjective	spa	comunista	adjective	ita
comunista	adjective	spa	comunista	adjective	ita
comunista	adjective	spa	comunista	adjective	ita
comunitario	adjective	spa	comunitario	adjective	ita
común	adjective	spa	comune	adjective	ita
conceptual	adjective	spa	concettuale	adjective	ita
conciliador	adjective	spa	conciliatore	adjective	ita
concomitante	adjective	spa	concomitante	adjective	ita
concorde	adjective	spa	concorde	adjective	ita
concreto	adjective	spa	concreto	adjective	ita
condicional	adjective	spa	condizionale	adjective	ita
conducido por	adjective	spa	guidato da	adjective	ita
conductual	adjective	spa	comportamentale	adjective	ita
conductual	adjective	spa	comportamentale	adjective	ita
conectado	adjective	spa	collegato	adjective	ita
confiable	adjective	spa	affidabile	adjective	ita
conflictivo	adjective	spa	conflittuale	adjective	ita
conflictivo	adjective	spa	conflittuale	adjective	ita
conflictivo	adjective	spa	conflittuale	adjective	ita
confluyente	adjective	spa	confluente	adjective	ita
conforme	adjective	spa	conforme	adjective	ita
confuso	adjective	spa	confuso	adjective	ita
congoleño	adjective	spa	congolese	adjective	ita
congoleño	adjective	spa	congolese	adjective	ita
congoleño	adjective	spa	congolese	adjective	ita
congénito	adjective	spa	congenito	adjective	ita
conjunto	adjective	spa	congiunto	adjective	ita
conmocionado	adjective	spa	sconvolto	adjective	ita
conmovedor	adjective	spa	commovente	adjective	ita
conmovedor	adjective	spa	commovente	adjective	ita
conmovedor	adjective	spa	commovente	adjective	ita
consciente	adjective	spa	consapevole	adjective	ita
consciente	adjective	spa	cosciente	adjective	ita
conservador	adjective	spa	conservatore	adjective	ita
considerable	adjective	spa	ingente	adjective	ita
considerable	adjective	spa	considerevole	adjective	ita
consiguiente	adjective	spa	conseguente	adjective	ita
consistente	adjective	spa	consistente	adjective	ita
constante	adjective	spa	costante	adjective	ita
constatable	adjective	spa	visibile	adjective	ita
constitucional	adjective	spa	costituzionale	adjective	ita
constitucionalista	noun	spa	costituzionalista	noun	ita
constitucionalista	noun	spa	costituzionalista	noun	ita
constitucionalista	noun	spa	costituzionalista	noun	ita
constituyente	adjective	spa	costituente	adjective	ita
constructivo	adjective	spa	costruttivo	adjective	ita
consultivo	adjective	spa	consultivo	adjective	ita
contactado	adjective	spa	contattato	adjective	ita
contador	adjective	spa	contatore	adjective	ita
contaminante	adjective	spa	inquinante	adjective	ita
contemporáneo	adjective	spa	contemporaneo	adjective	ita
contemporáneo	adjective	spa	contemporaneo	adjective	ita
contencioso	adjective	spa	contenzioso	adjective	ita
contencioso	adjective	spa	contenzioso	adjective	ita
contento	adjective	spa	contento	adjective	ita
continental	adjective	spa	continentale	adjective	ita
continuo	adjective	spa	continuo	adjective	ita
contractual	adjective	spa	contrattuale	adjective	ita
contradictorio	adjective	spa	contraddittorio	adjective	ita
contraproducente	adjective	spa	controproducente	adjective	ita
contrapuesto	adjective	spa	contrapposto	adjective	ita
contrario	adjective	spa	contrario	adjective	ita
contrastante	adjective	spa	contrastante	adjective	ita
contratado	adjective	spa	assunto	adjective	ita
contribuyente	adjective	spa	contribuente	adjective	ita
controvertido	adjective	spa	controverso	adjective	ita
convencional	adjective	spa	convenzionale	adjective	ita
conveniente	adjective	spa	conveniente	adjective	ita
conveniente	adjective	spa	conveniente	adjective	ita
convergente	adjective	spa	convergente	adjective	ita
convertible	adjective	spa	convertibile	adjective	ita
convexo	adjective	spa	convesso	adjective	ita
convincente	adjective	spa	convincente	adjective	ita
convincente	adjective	spa	convincente	adjective	ita
conyugal	adjective	spa	coniugale	adjective	ita
coral	adjective	spa	corale	adjective	ita
cordial	adjective	spa	cordiale	adjective	ita
cordobés	adjective	spa	cordovese	adjective	ita
cordobés	adjective	spa	cordovese	adjective	ita
cordobés	adjective	spa	cordovese	adjective	ita
corporal	adjective	spa	corporale	adjective	ita
corporativo	adjective	spa	societario	adjective	ita
corpulento	adjective	spa	corpulento	adjective	ita
correcto	adjective	spa	corretto	adjective	ita
correspondiente	adjective	spa	corrispondente	adjective	ita
corriente	adjective	spa	corrente	adjective	ita
corrosivo	adjective	spa	corrosivo	adjective	ita
corrupto	adjective	spa	corrotto	adjective	ita
cortical	adjective	spa	corticale	adjective	ita
corto	adjective	spa	corto	adjective	ita
costera	adjective	spa	costiera	adjective	ita
costero	adjective	spa	costiero	adjective	ita
costoso	adjective	spa	costoso	adjective	ita
cotidiano	adjective	spa	quotidiano	adjective	ita
craneal	adjective	spa	cranico	adjective	ita
craneal	adjective	spa	cranico	adjective	ita
craneal	adjective	spa	cranico	adjective	ita
creativo	adjective	spa	creativo	adjective	ita
creciente	adjective	spa	crescente	adjective	ita
crediticio	adjective	spa	di credito	adjective	ita
crediticio	adjective	spa	di credito	adjective	ita
crediticio	adjective	spa	di credito	adjective	ita
cretino	adjective	spa	cretino	adjective	ita
creíble	adjective	spa	credibile	adjective	ita
criminal	adjective	spa	criminale	adjective	ita
criminal	adjective	spa	criminale	adjective	ita
cristiano	adjective	spa	cristiano	adjective	ita
cromático	adjective	spa	cromatico	adjective	ita
cronológico	adjective	spa	cronologico	adjective	ita
crucial	adjective	spa	cruciale	adjective	ita
crudo	adjective	spa	crudo	adjective	ita
cruel	adjective	spa	crudele	adjective	ita
cruento	adjective	spa	cruento	adjective	ita
crustáceo	adjective	spa	crostaceo	adjective	ita
cruzado	adjective	spa	crociato	adjective	ita
crítico	adjective	spa	critico	adjective	ita
crónico	adjective	spa	cronico	adjective	ita
cuadrado	adjective	spa	quadrato	adjective	ita
cuadrilátero	adjective	spa	quadrilatero	adjective	ita
cualquiera	adjective	spa	qualunque	adjective	ita
cualquiera	adjective	spa	qualunque	adjective	ita
cualquiera	adjective	spa	qualunque	adjective	ita
cuantitativo	adjective	spa	quantitativo	adjective	ita
cuanto	adjective	spa	quanto	adjective	ita
cuarto	adjective	spa	quarto	adjective	ita
cubano	adjective	spa	cubano	adjective	ita
cubierto	adjective	spa	ricoperto	adjective	ita
cuidadoso	adjective	spa	attento	adjective	ita
culinario	adjective	spa	culinario	adjective	ita
culpable	adjective	spa	colpevole	adjective	ita
culto	adjective	spa	colto	adjective	ita
cultural	adjective	spa	culturale	adjective	ita
curdo	adjective	spa	curdo	adjective	ita
curioso	adjective	spa	curioso	adjective	ita
cutre	adjective	spa	squallido	adjective	ita
cutre	adjective	spa	squallido	adjective	ita
cutre	adjective	spa	squallido	adjective	ita
cutáneo	adjective	spa	cutaneo	adjective	ita
cuál	adjective	spa	quale	adjective	ita
cuántico	adjective	spa	quantistico	adjective	ita
cuánto	adjective	spa	quanto	adjective	ita
cálido	adjective	spa	caldo	adjective	ita
cándido	adjective	spa	candido	adjective	ita
célebre	adjective	spa	celebre	adjective	ita
cíclico	adjective	spa	ciclico	adjective	ita
cítrico	adjective	spa	citrico	adjective	ita
cívico	adjective	spa	civico	adjective	ita
cívico	adjective	spa	civico	adjective	ita
cómico	adjective	spa	comico	adjective	ita
cómodo	adjective	spa	comodo	adjective	ita
cónico	adjective	spa	conico	adjective	ita
cósmico	adjective	spa	cosmico	adjective	ita
cósmico	adjective	spa	cosmico	adjective	ita
cósmico	adjective	spa	cosmico	adjective	ita
dactilar	adjective	spa	digitale	adjective	ita
danés	adjective	spa	danese	adjective	ita
danés	adjective	spa	danese	adjective	ita
danés	adjective	spa	danese	adjective	ita
de acciones	adjective	spa	azionario	adjective	ita
de acciones	adjective	spa	azionario	adjective	ita
de acciones	adjective	spa	azionario	adjective	ita
de confianza	adjective	spa	affidabile	adjective	ita
de confianza	adjective	spa	affidabile	adjective	ita
de confianza	adjective	spa	affidabile	adjective	ita
de decisión	adjective	spa	decisionale	adjective	ita
de tacón alto	adjective	spa	con i tacchi alti	adjective	ita
de entrada	adjective	spa	input	adjective	ita
de la deuda	adjective	spa	debitorio	adjective	ita
de la deuda	adjective	spa	debitorio	adjective	ita
de la deuda	adjective	spa	debitorio	adjective	ita
de las pensiones	adjective	spa	pensionistici	adjective	ita
de lluvia	adjective	spa	piovana	adjective	ita
de renta fija	adjective	spa	obbligazionari	adjective	ita
de salida	adjective	spa	output	adjective	ita
decente	adjective	spa	decente	adjective	ita
decente	adjective	spa	decente	adjective	ita
decepcionante	adjective	spa	deludente	adjective	ita
decimal	adjective	spa	decimale	adjective	ita
decimoctavo	adjective	spa	diciottesimo	adjective	ita
decimocuarto	adjective	spa	quattordicesimo	adjective	ita
decimonoveno	adjective	spa	diciannovesimo	adjective	ita
decimoquinto	adjective	spa	quindicesimo	adjective	ita
decimoséptimo	adjective	spa	diciassettesimo	adjective	ita
decimotercero	adjective	spa	tredicesimo	adjective	ita
decisivo	adjective	spa	decisivo	adjective	ita
deficiente	adjective	spa	deficiente	adjective	ita
definitivo	adjective	spa	definitivo	adjective	ita
degradado	adjective	spa	degradato	adjective	ita
degradante	adjective	spa	degradante	adjective	ita
delantera	adjective	spa	principale	adjective	ita
delantero	adjective	spa	anteriore	adjective	ita
delantero	adjective	spa	anteriore	adjective	ita
delantero	adjective	spa	anteriore	adjective	ita
delgado	adjective	spa	sottile	adjective	ita
delgado	adjective	spa	sottile	adjective	ita
delgado	adjective	spa	sottile	adjective	ita
delicado	adjective	spa	delicato	adjective	ita
delicioso	adjective	spa	delizioso	adjective	ita
demasiado	adjective	spa	troppo	adjective	ita
democrático	adjective	spa	democratico	adjective	ita
demográfico	adjective	spa	demografico	adjective	ita
demoscópico	adjective	spa	di sondaggio	adjective	ita
demoscópico	adjective	spa	di sondaggio	adjective	ita
demoscópico	adjective	spa	di sondaggio	adjective	ita
demócrata	adjective	spa	democratico	adjective	ita
demócrata	adjective	spa	democratico	adjective	ita
demócrata	adjective	spa	democratico	adjective	ita
denominado	adjective	spa	denominato	adjective	ita
denominado	adjective	spa	cosiddetto	adjective	ita
denso	adjective	spa	denso	adjective	ita
denso	adjective	spa	denso	adjective	ita
dental	adjective	spa	dentale	adjective	ita
dependiente	adjective	spa	dipendente	adjective	ita
dependiente	adjective	spa	dipendente	adjective	ita
deportivo	adjective	spa	sportivo	adjective	ita
deprimente	adjective	spa	deprimente	adjective	ita
deprimente	adjective	spa	deprimente	adjective	ita
deprimido	adjective	spa	depresso	adjective	ita
derecho	adjective	spa	destro	adjective	ita
derecho	adjective	spa	diritto	adjective	ita
derivado	adjective	spa	derivato	adjective	ita
desafiante	adjective	spa	impegnativo	adjective	ita
desafiante	adjective	spa	impegnativo	adjective	ita
desafiante	adjective	spa	impegnativo	adjective	ita
desafiante	adjective	spa	sfidante	adjective	ita
desagradable	adjective	spa	sgradevole	adjective	ita
desaparecido	adjective	spa	scomparso	adjective	ita
desaparecido	adjective	spa	scomparso	adjective	ita
desaparecido	adjective	spa	sparito	adjective	ita
descendente	adjective	spa	discendente	adjective	ita
descomunal	adjective	spa	straordinario	adjective	ita
desconcertante	adjective	spa	sconcertante	adjective	ita
desconcertante	adjective	spa	sconcertante	adjective	ita
desconocido	adjective	spa	sconosciuto	adjective	ita
descontento	adjective	spa	scontento	adjective	ita
deseable	adjective	spa	auspicabile	adjective	ita
desenvuelto	adjective	spa	disinvolto	adjective	ita
desequilibrado	adjective	spa	squilibrato	adjective	ita
desesperado	adjective	spa	disperato	adjective	ita
desesperanzador	adjective	spa	scoraggiante	adjective	ita
desesperanzador	adjective	spa	scoraggiante	adjective	ita
desesperanzador	adjective	spa	scoraggiante	adjective	ita
desfavorable	adjective	spa	sfavorevole	adjective	ita
deshonesto	adjective	spa	disonesto	adjective	ita
desierto	adjective	spa	deserto	adjective	ita
desigual	adjective	spa	disuguale	adjective	ita
desleal	adjective	spa	sleale	adjective	ita
desmesurado	adjective	spa	smisurato	adjective	ita
desnudo	adjective	spa	nudo	adjective	ita
despectivo	adjective	spa	dispregiativo	adjective	ita
despertado	adjective	spa	svegliato	adjective	ita
despierto	adjective	spa	sveglio	adjective	ita
descalzo	adjective	spa	a piedi nudi	adjective	ita
descalzo	adjective	spa	a piedi nudi	adjective	ita
descalzo	adjective	spa	a piedi nudi	adjective	ita
destinatario	adjective	spa	destinatario	adjective	ita
destructor	adjective	spa	distruttore	adjective	ita
detallado	adjective	spa	dettagliato	adjective	ita
detallado	adjective	spa	dettagliato	adjective	ita
determinante	adjective	spa	determinante	adjective	ita
devastador	adjective	spa	devastante	adjective	ita
devastador	adjective	spa	devastante	adjective	ita
devastador	adjective	spa	devastante	adjective	ita
diabético	adjective	spa	diabetico	adjective	ita
diabólico	adjective	spa	diabolico	adjective	ita
diagnóstico	adjective	spa	diagnostico	adjective	ita
dialectal	adjective	spa	dialettale	adjective	ita
diario	adjective	spa	quotidiano	adjective	ita
diferente	adjective	spa	differente	adjective	ita
difunto	adjective	spa	defunto	adjective	ita
difícil	adjective	spa	difficile	adjective	ita
digital	adjective	spa	digitale	adjective	ita
digno	adjective	spa	degno	adjective	ita
diluyente	adjective	spa	diluente	adjective	ita
dimensional	adjective	spa	dimensionale	adjective	ita
diminuto	adjective	spa	minuto	adjective	ita
dinámico	adjective	spa	dinamico	adjective	ita
diplomado	adjective	spa	diplomato	adjective	ita
diplomático	adjective	spa	diplomatico	adjective	ita
directo	adjective	spa	diretto	adjective	ita
dirigido	adjective	spa	rivolto	adjective	ita
discapacitado	adjective	spa	disabilitato	adjective	ita
discapacitado	adjective	spa	disabile	adjective	ita
discapacitado	adjective	spa	disabile	adjective	ita
discapacitado	adjective	spa	disabile	adjective	ita
discontinuo	adjective	spa	discontinuo	adjective	ita
discordante	adjective	spa	discordante	adjective	ita
discrecional	adjective	spa	discrezionale	adjective	ita
discreto	adjective	spa	discreto	adjective	ita
discriminatorio	adjective	spa	discriminatorio	adjective	ita
discutible	adjective	spa	discutibile	adjective	ita
discutido	adjective	spa	discusso	adjective	ita
disidente	adjective	spa	dissidente	adjective	ita
disparado	adjective	spa	sparato	adjective	ita
disponible	adjective	spa	disponibile	adjective	ita
dispuesto	adjective	spa	pronto	adjective	ita
distante	adjective	spa	distante	adjective	ita
distante	adjective	spa	distante	adjective	ita
distintivo	adjective	spa	distintivo	adjective	ita
distinto	adjective	spa	distinto	adjective	ita
distorsionado	adjective	spa	distorto	adjective	ita
distraído	adjective	spa	distratto	adjective	ita
diurno	adjective	spa	diurno	adjective	ita
diverso	adjective	spa	vario	adjective	ita
divino	adjective	spa	divino	adjective	ita
divino	adjective	spa	divino	adjective	ita
divulgativo	adjective	spa	divulgativo	adjective	ita
doble	adjective	spa	doppio	adjective	ita
doble	adjective	spa	doppio	adjective	ita
doble	adjective	spa	doppio	adjective	ita
docente	adjective	spa	docente	adjective	ita
doctoral	adjective	spa	dottorale	adjective	ita
documental	adjective	spa	documentale	adjective	ita
doloroso	adjective	spa	doloroso	adjective	ita
dominante	adjective	spa	dominante	adjective	ita
dominical	adjective	spa	dominicale	adjective	ita
doméstico	adjective	spa	domestico	adjective	ita
dorsal	adjective	spa	cresta	adjective	ita
dorsal	adjective	spa	dorsale	adjective	ita
dramático	adjective	spa	drammatico	adjective	ita
drástico	adjective	spa	drastico	adjective	ita
dulce	adjective	spa	dolce	adjective	ita
duodécimo	adjective	spa	dodicesimo	adjective	ita
durable	adjective	spa	durevole	adjective	ita
duradero	adjective	spa	duraturo	adjective	ita
duradero	adjective	spa	durevole	adjective	ita
duradero	adjective	spa	durevole	adjective	ita
duradero	adjective	spa	durevole	adjective	ita
durmiente	adjective	spa	dormiente	adjective	ita
duro	adjective	spa	duro	adjective	ita
duro	adjective	spa	sodo	adjective	ita
débil	adjective	spa	debole	adjective	ita
décimo	adjective	spa	decimo	adjective	ita
dócil	adjective	spa	docile	adjective	ita
dúctil	adjective	spa	duttile	adjective	ita
eclesiástico	adjective	spa	ecclesiastico	adjective	ita
ecléctico	adjective	spa	eclettico	adjective	ita
ecológico	adjective	spa	ecologico	adjective	ita
ecológico	adjective	spa	ecologico	adjective	ita
económico	adjective	spa	economico	adjective	ita
económico-social	adjective	spa	economico-sociale	adjective	ita
edificante	adjective	spa	edificante	adjective	ita
editor	adjective	spa	editore	adjective	ita
educativo	adjective	spa	educativo	adjective	ita
efectivo	adjective	spa	effettivo	adjective	ita
eficaz	adjective	spa	efficace	adjective	ita
eficiente	adjective	spa	efficiente	adjective	ita
efímero	adjective	spa	effimero	adjective	ita
egipcio	adjective	spa	egiziano	adjective	ita
egipcio	adjective	spa	egizio	adjective	ita
egoísta	adjective	spa	egoista	adjective	ita
egoísta	adjective	spa	egoista	adjective	ita
egoísta	adjective	spa	egoista	adjective	ita
ejecutado	adjective	spa	eseguito	adjective	ita
ejecutivo	adjective	spa	esecutivo	adjective	ita
ejemplar	adjective	spa	esemplare	adjective	ita
electo	adjective	spa	eletto	adjective	ita
electoral	adjective	spa	elettorale	adjective	ita
electrodoméstico	adjective	spa	elettrodomestico	adjective	ita
electrónico	adjective	spa	elettronico	adjective	ita
elegante	adjective	spa	elegante	adjective	ita
elemental	adjective	spa	elementare	adjective	ita
elevador	adjective	spa	elevatore	adjective	ita
elocuente	adjective	spa	eloquente	adjective	ita
eléctrico	adjective	spa	elettrico	adjective	ita
embarazoso	adjective	spa	imbarazzante	adjective	ita
embarazoso	adjective	spa	imbarazzante	adjective	ita
embarazoso	adjective	spa	imbarazzante	adjective	ita
emergente	adjective	spa	emergente	adjective	ita
emocionado	adjective	spa	eccitato	adjective	ita
emocional	adjective	spa	impressionabile	adjective	ita
emocional	adjective	spa	emotivo	adjective	ita
emocional	adjective	spa	emotivo	adjective	ita
emocional	adjective	spa	emotivo	adjective	ita
emocional	adjective	spa	emozionale	adjective	ita
emocionante	adjective	spa	emozionante	adjective	ita
emocionante	adjective	spa	eccitante	adjective	ita
emocionante	adjective	spa	entusiasmante	adjective	ita
empresarial	adjective	spa	imprenditoriale	adjective	ita
empresarial	adjective	spa	aziendale	adjective	ita
empírico	adjective	spa	empirico	adjective	ita
encaminado	adjective	spa	inteso	adjective	ita
encantador	adjective	spa	incantatore	adjective	ita
encargado	adjective	spa	incaricato	adjective	ita
encargado	adjective	spa	preposto	adjective	ita
encontrado	adjective	spa	ritrovato	adjective	ita
encubierto	adjective	spa	nascosto	adjective	ita
endeudado	adjective	spa	indebitato	adjective	ita
endeudado	adjective	spa	indebitato	adjective	ita
endémico	adjective	spa	endemico	adjective	ita
energética	adjective	spa	energetica	adjective	ita
energético	adjective	spa	energetico	adjective	ita
energético	adjective	spa	energico	adjective	ita
enfermo	adjective	spa	malato	adjective	ita
enfermo	adjective	spa	ammalato	adjective	ita
enfocado	adjective	spa	concentrato	adjective	ita
engañoso	adjective	spa	fuorviante	adjective	ita
engañoso	adjective	spa	fuorviante	adjective	ita
engañoso	adjective	spa	fuorviante	adjective	ita
en color	adjective	spa	a colori	adjective	ita
enojado	adjective	spa	arrabbiato	adjective	ita
enorme	adjective	spa	enorme	adjective	ita
entero	adjective	spa	intero	adjective	ita
enterrado	adjective	spa	sotterrato	adjective	ita
enterrado	adjective	spa	sepolto	adjective	ita
entretenido	adjective	spa	trattenuto	adjective	ita
entusiasta	noun	spa	entusiasta	noun	ita
entusiasta	noun	spa	entusiasta	noun	ita
entusiasta	noun	spa	entusiasta	noun	ita
enviado	adjective	spa	spedito	adjective	ita
enésimo	adjective	spa	ennesimo	adjective	ita
equivalente	adjective	spa	equivalente	adjective	ita
erectus	adjective	spa	erectus	adjective	ita
erróneo	adjective	spa	erroneo	adjective	ita
erudito	adjective	spa	erudito	adjective	ita
escaso	adjective	spa	scarso	adjective	ita
escocés	adjective	spa	scozzese	adjective	ita
escocés	adjective	spa	scozzese	adjective	ita
escocés	adjective	spa	scozzese	adjective	ita
escolar	adjective	spa	allievo	adjective	ita
escolar	adjective	spa	scolastico	adjective	ita
escolar	adjective	spa	scolastico	adjective	ita
escolar	adjective	spa	scolastico	adjective	ita
escolastico	adjective	spa	scolastico	adjective	ita
escrito	adjective	spa	scritto	adjective	ita
escultural	adjective	spa	scultoreo	adjective	ita
escultural	adjective	spa	scultoreo	adjective	ita
escultural	adjective	spa	scultoreo	adjective	ita
escéptico	adjective	spa	scettico	adjective	ita
esencial	adjective	spa	essenziale	adjective	ita
espacial	adjective	spa	spaziale	adjective	ita
español	adjective	spa	spagnolo	adjective	ita
especial	adjective	spa	speciale	adjective	ita
espectacular	adjective	spa	spettacolare	adjective	ita
espectral	adjective	spa	spettrale	adjective	ita
especulativa	adjective	spa	speculativa	adjective	ita
específico	adjective	spa	specifico	adjective	ita
espinal	adjective	spa	spinale	adjective	ita
espiritual	adjective	spa	spirituale	adjective	ita
espléndido	adjective	spa	splendido	adjective	ita
espontáneo	adjective	spa	spontaneo	adjective	ita
esquelético	adjective	spa	scheletrico	adjective	ita
esquelético	adjective	spa	scheletrico	adjective	ita
esquiador	adjective	spa	sciatore	adjective	ita
estable	adjective	spa	stabile	adjective	ita
estadounidense	adjective	spa	statunitense	adjective	ita
estadístico	adjective	spa	statistico	adjective	ita
estancado	adjective	spa	stagnante	adjective	ita
estancado	adjective	spa	stagnante	adjective	ita
estancado	adjective	spa	stagnante	adjective	ita
estatal	adjective	spa	statale	adjective	ita
estelar	adjective	spa	stellare	adjective	ita
estimulante	adjective	spa	stimolante	adjective	ita
estratégico	adjective	spa	strategico	adjective	ita
estrecho	adjective	spa	stretto	adjective	ita
estrellado	adjective	spa	stellato	adjective	ita
estresante	adjective	spa	stressante	adjective	ita
estresante	adjective	spa	stressante	adjective	ita
estricto	adjective	spa	rigido	adjective	ita
estructural	adjective	spa	strutturale	adjective	ita
estudiantil	adjective	spa	studentesco	adjective	ita
estudiantil	adjective	spa	studentesco	adjective	ita
estudiantil	adjective	spa	studentesco	adjective	ita
estupendo	adjective	spa	stupendo	adjective	ita
estándar	adjective	spa	standard	adjective	ita
estándar	adjective	spa	standard	adjective	ita
estándar	adjective	spa	standard	adjective	ita
estático	adjective	spa	statico	adjective	ita
estático	adjective	spa	statico	adjective	ita
estéril	adjective	spa	sterile	adjective	ita
estético	adjective	spa	estetico	adjective	ita
estúpido	adjective	spa	stupido	adjective	ita
eterno	adjective	spa	eterno	adjective	ita
etíope	adjective	spa	etiope	adjective	ita
europeo	adjective	spa	europeo	adjective	ita
eventual	adjective	spa	eventuale	adjective	ita
evidente	adjective	spa	evidente	adjective	ita
evolucionado	adjective	spa	evoluto	adjective	ita
evolutivo	adjective	spa	evolutivo	adjective	ita
ex	adjective	spa	ex	adjective	ita
exacerbado	adjective	spa	esacerbato	adjective	ita
exacto	adjective	spa	esatto	adjective	ita
exacto	adjective	spa	accurato	adjective	ita
excavar	adjective	spa	scavare	adjective	ita
excelente	adjective	spa	eccellente	adjective	ita
excepcional	adjective	spa	eccezionale	adjective	ita
excesivo	adjective	spa	eccessivo	adjective	ita
excitado	adjective	spa	eccitato	adjective	ita
excitado	adjective	spa	eccitato	adjective	ita
exclusivo	adjective	spa	esclusivo	adjective	ita
excluyente	adjective	spa	esclusivo	adjective	ita
excluyente	adjective	spa	esclusivo	adjective	ita
excluyente	adjective	spa	esclusivo	adjective	ita
exigible	adjective	spa	esigibile	adjective	ita
exiliado	adjective	spa	esiliato	adjective	ita
existencial	adjective	spa	esistenziale	adjective	ita
existente	adjective	spa	esistente	adjective	ita
exitoso	adjective	spa	di successo	adjective	ita
exitoso	adjective	spa	di successo	adjective	ita
exitoso	adjective	spa	di successo	adjective	ita
expandido	adjective	spa	sparso	adjective	ita
expansiva	adjective	spa	espansiva	adjective	ita
expansivo	adjective	spa	espansivo	adjective	ita
expendedor	adjective	spa	distributore	adjective	ita
experimental	adjective	spa	sperimentale	adjective	ita
experto	adjective	spa	esperto	adjective	ita
explosivo	adjective	spa	esplosivo	adjective	ita
explícito	adjective	spa	esplicito	adjective	ita
exponencial	adjective	spa	esponenziale	adjective	ita
extenso	adjective	spa	lungo	adjective	ita
exterior	adjective	spa	esteriore	adjective	ita
exterior	adjective	spa	esterno	adjective	ita
exterior	adjective	spa	esterno	adjective	ita
externo	adjective	spa	esteriore	adjective	ita
externo	adjective	spa	esteriore	adjective	ita
extra	adjective	spa	extra	adjective	ita
extracomunitario	adjective	spa	extracomunitario	adjective	ita
extraescolar	adjective	spa	extrascolare	adjective	ita
extranjero	adjective	spa	estero	adjective	ita
extranjero	adjective	spa	straniero	adjective	ita
extraordinario	adjective	spa	straordinario	adjective	ita
extraterrestre	adjective	spa	extraterrestre	adjective	ita
extraño	adjective	spa	strano	adjective	ita
extraño	adjective	spa	estraneo	adjective	ita
extremo	adjective	spa	estremo	adjective	ita
extrovertido	adjective	spa	estroverso	adjective	ita
eólico	adjective	spa	eolico	adjective	ita
fabricante	adjective	spa	fabbricante	adjective	ita
fabuloso	adjective	spa	favoloso	adjective	ita
fabuloso	adjective	spa	favoloso	adjective	ita
facial	adjective	spa	facciale	adjective	ita
factible	adjective	spa	fattibile	adjective	ita
falso	adjective	spa	falso	adjective	ita
faltante	adjective	spa	mancante	adjective	ita
familiar	adjective	spa	familiare	adjective	ita
familiarizado	adjective	spa	familiare	adjective	ita
familiarizado	adjective	spa	familiare	adjective	ita
familiarizado	adjective	spa	familiare	adjective	ita
famoso	adjective	spa	famoso	adjective	ita
fantástico	adjective	spa	fantastico	adjective	ita
fanático	adjective	spa	fanatico	adjective	ita
faraónico	adjective	spa	faraonico	adjective	ita
farmacéutico	adjective	spa	farmaceutico	adjective	ita
fascinado	adjective	spa	affascinato	adjective	ita
fascinante	adjective	spa	affascinante	adjective	ita
fascista	adjective	spa	fascista	adjective	ita
fascista	adjective	spa	fascista	adjective	ita
fascista	adjective	spa	fascista	adjective	ita
fastidioso	adjective	spa	fastidioso	adjective	ita
fatal	adjective	spa	fatale	adjective	ita
favorable	adjective	spa	favorevole	adjective	ita
favorito	adjective	spa	preferito	adjective	ita
febril	adjective	spa	febbrile	adjective	ita
fecal	adjective	spa	fecale	adjective	ita
fecundo	adjective	spa	fecondo	adjective	ita
federal	adjective	spa	federale	adjective	ita
federal	adjective	spa	federale	adjective	ita
feliz	adjective	spa	felice	adjective	ita
femenino	adjective	spa	femminile	adjective	ita
femenino	adjective	spa	femminile	adjective	ita
femenino	adjective	spa	femminile	adjective	ita
feminista	adjective	spa	femminista	adjective	ita
feminista	adjective	spa	femminista	adjective	ita
feminista	adjective	spa	femminista	adjective	ita
fenomenal	adjective	spa	fenomenale	adjective	ita
feo	adjective	spa	brutto	adjective	ita
feroz	adjective	spa	feroce	adjective	ita
feroz	adjective	spa	accanito	adjective	ita
feroz	adjective	spa	accanito	adjective	ita
feudal	adjective	spa	feudale	adjective	ita
fiable	adjective	spa	affidabile	adjective	ita
fidedigno	adjective	spa	affidabile	adjective	ita
fidedigno	adjective	spa	affidabile	adjective	ita
fiel	adjective	spa	fedele	adjective	ita
figurativo	adjective	spa	figurativo	adjective	ita
fijo	adjective	spa	fisso	adjective	ita
filial	adjective	spa	filiale	adjective	ita
filosófico	adjective	spa	filosofico	adjective	ita
final	adjective	spa	finale	adjective	ita
financiero	adjective	spa	finanziario	adjective	ita
finlandés	adjective	spa	finlandese	adjective	ita
finlandés	adjective	spa	finlandese	adjective	ita
finlandés	adjective	spa	finlandese	adjective	ita
fino	adjective	spa	fine	adjective	ita
fino	adjective	spa	fine	adjective	ita
fino	adjective	spa	fine	adjective	ita
firmante	adjective	spa	firmante	adjective	ita
fiscal	adjective	spa	fiscale	adjective	ita
flamenco	adjective	spa	fiammingo	adjective	ita
flexible	adjective	spa	flessibile	adjective	ita
floral	adjective	spa	floreale	adjective	ita
florido	adjective	spa	florido	adjective	ita
flotante	adjective	spa	galleggiante	adjective	ita
fluctuante	adjective	spa	fluttuante	adjective	ita
fluorescente	adjective	spa	fluorescente	adjective	ita
fluvial	adjective	spa	fluviale	adjective	ita
forense	adjective	spa	forense	adjective	ita
forestal	adjective	spa	forestale	adjective	ita
formal	adjective	spa	formale	adjective	ita
formidable	adjective	spa	formidabile	adjective	ita
forzado	adjective	spa	costretto	adjective	ita
fotográfico	adjective	spa	fotografico	adjective	ita
fracasado	adjective	spa	fallito	adjective	ita
fractal	adjective	spa	frattale	adjective	ita
fractal	adjective	spa	frattale	adjective	ita
franco	adjective	spa	franco	adjective	ita
francés	adjective	spa	francese	adjective	ita
francés	adjective	spa	francese	adjective	ita
francés	adjective	spa	francese	adjective	ita
franquista	adjective	spa	franchista	adjective	ita
franquista	adjective	spa	franchista	adjective	ita
franquista	adjective	spa	franchista	adjective	ita
fraternal	adjective	spa	fraterno	adjective	ita
fraternal	adjective	spa	fraterno	adjective	ita
fraternal	adjective	spa	fraterno	adjective	ita
frecuente	adjective	spa	frequente	adjective	ita
frenético	adjective	spa	frenetico	adjective	ita
fresco	adjective	spa	fresco	adjective	ita
fresco	adjective	spa	fresco	adjective	ita
friable	adjective	spa	friabile	adjective	ita
frigorífico	adjective	spa	frigorifero	adjective	ita
frito	adjective	spa	fritto	adjective	ita
frontal	adjective	spa	frontale	adjective	ita
frustrante	adjective	spa	frustrante	adjective	ita
frustrante	adjective	spa	frustrante	adjective	ita
frutal	adjective	spa	da frutta	adjective	ita
frutal	adjective	spa	da frutta	adjective	ita
frutal	adjective	spa	da frutta	adjective	ita
frágil	adjective	spa	fragile	adjective	ita
frío	adjective	spa	freddo	adjective	ita
fuerte	adjective	spa	forte	adjective	ita
fumador	adjective	spa	fumatore	adjective	ita
funcional	adjective	spa	funzionale	adjective	ita
fundamental	adjective	spa	fondamentale	adjective	ita
furibundo	adjective	spa	furibondo	adjective	ita
futbolístico	adjective	spa	calcistico	adjective	ita
futuro	adjective	spa	futuro	adjective	ita
fácil	adjective	spa	facile	adjective	ita
férreo	adjective	spa	ferreo	adjective	ita
fértil	adjective	spa	fertile	adjective	ita
físico	adjective	spa	fisico	adjective	ita
fútil	adjective	spa	futile	adjective	ita
gallego	adjective	spa	galiziano	adjective	ita
galo	adjective	spa	gallico	adjective	ita
ganador	adjective	spa	vincitore	adjective	ita
gelatinoso	adjective	spa	gelatinoso	adjective	ita
generacional	adjective	spa	generazionale	adjective	ita
general	adjective	spa	generale	adjective	ita
generoso	adjective	spa	generoso	adjective	ita
generoso	adjective	spa	generoso	adjective	ita
generoso	adjective	spa	generoso	adjective	ita
genial	adjective	spa	geniale	adjective	ita
óptimo	adjective	spa	ottimo	adjective	ita
genital	adjective	spa	genitale	adjective	ita
genuino	adjective	spa	genuino	adjective	ita
genérico	adjective	spa	generico	adjective	ita
genético	adjective	spa	genetico	adjective	ita
genético	adjective	spa	genetico	adjective	ita
genómico	adjective	spa	genomico	adjective	ita
geográfico	adjective	spa	geografico	adjective	ita
geológico	adjective	spa	geologico	adjective	ita
geométrico	adjective	spa	geometrico	adjective	ita
gestual	adjective	spa	gestuale	adjective	ita
gestual	adjective	spa	gestuale	adjective	ita
gigante	adjective	spa	gigante	adjective	ita
gigantesco	adjective	spa	gigantesco	adjective	ita
glaciar	adjective	spa	glaciale	adjective	ita
glamuroso	adjective	spa	affascinante	adjective	ita
glamuroso	adjective	spa	affascinante	adjective	ita
glamuroso	adjective	spa	affascinante	adjective	ita
global	adjective	spa	globale	adjective	ita
globalizado	adjective	spa	globalizzato	adjective	ita
gobernante	adjective	spa	governante	adjective	ita
gobernante	adjective	spa	governante	adjective	ita
gobernante	adjective	spa	governante	adjective	ita
golpeado	adjective	spa	picchiato	adjective	ita
gordo	adjective	spa	grasso	adjective	ita
gracioso	adjective	spa	divertente	adjective	ita
gracioso	adjective	spa	divertente	adjective	ita
gracioso	adjective	spa	divertente	adjective	ita
gracioso	adjective	spa	buffo	adjective	ita
gradual	adjective	spa	graduale	adjective	ita
gran	adjective	spa	grande	adjective	ita
súper grande	adjective	spa	stragrande	adjective	ita
grande	adjective	spa	grande	adjective	ita
grandioso	adjective	spa	grandioso	adjective	ita
gratificante	adjective	spa	gratificante	adjective	ita
gratuito	adjective	spa	gratuito	adjective	ita
grave	adjective	spa	grave	adjective	ita
gravitacional	adjective	spa	gravitazionale	adjective	ita
griego	adjective	spa	greco	adjective	ita
gris	adjective	spa	grigio	adjective	ita
gris	adjective	spa	grigio	adjective	ita
gris	adjective	spa	grigio	adjective	ita
grueso	adjective	spa	grosso	adjective	ita
grueso	adjective	spa	spesso	adjective	ita
gráfico	adjective	spa	grafico	adjective	ita
guardado	adjective	spa	salvato	adjective	ita
gubernamental	adjective	spa	governativo	adjective	ita
gubernamental	adjective	spa	governativo	adjective	ita
gubernamental	adjective	spa	governativo	adjective	ita
guerrero	adjective	spa	guerriero	adjective	ita
gutural	adjective	spa	gutturale	adjective	ita
habitable	adjective	spa	abitabile	adjective	ita
habituado	adjective	spa	abituato	adjective	ita
habitual	adjective	spa	abituale	adjective	ita
hambriento	adjective	spa	affamato	adjective	ita
hebraico	adjective	spa	ebraico	adjective	ita
hebreo	adjective	spa	ebreo	adjective	ita
hereditario	adjective	spa	ereditario	adjective	ita
hermoso	adjective	spa	bello	adjective	ita
hermético	adjective	spa	ermetico	adjective	ita
herrumbroso	adjective	spa	rancido	adjective	ita
heterodoxo	adjective	spa	eterodosso	adjective	ita
heterosexual	adjective	spa	eterosessuale	adjective	ita
hipotecario	adjective	spa	ipotecario	adjective	ita
hipócrita	adjective	spa	ipocrita	adjective	ita
hipócrita	adjective	spa	ipocrita	adjective	ita
hipócrita	adjective	spa	ipocrita	adjective	ita
histórico	adjective	spa	storico	adjective	ita
homeopático	adjective	spa	omeopatico	adjective	ita
homosexual	adjective	spa	omosessuale	adjective	ita
homónimo	adjective	spa	omonimo	adjective	ita
hondo	adjective	spa	profondo	adjective	ita
honesto	adjective	spa	onesto	adjective	ita
honorable	adjective	spa	onorabile	adjective	ita
honorífico	adjective	spa	onorifico	adjective	ita
horario	adjective	spa	orario	adjective	ita
horizontal	adjective	spa	orizzontale	adjective	ita
horrible	adjective	spa	orribile	adjective	ita
horrible	adjective	spa	orribile	adjective	ita
hostil	adjective	spa	ostile	adjective	ita
humanitario	adjective	spa	umanitario	adjective	ita
humano	adjective	spa	umano	adjective	ita
humilde	adjective	spa	umile	adjective	ita
humillante	adjective	spa	umiliante	adjective	ita
huérfano	adjective	spa	orfano	adjective	ita
hábil	adjective	spa	abile	adjective	ita
híbrido	adjective	spa	ibrido	adjective	ita
hídrico	adjective	spa	idrico	adjective	ita
húmedo	adjective	spa	umido	adjective	ita
húngaro	adjective	spa	ungherese	adjective	ita
húngaro	adjective	spa	ungherese	adjective	ita
húngaro	adjective	spa	ungherese	adjective	ita
ibérico	adjective	spa	iberico	adjective	ita
ideal	adjective	spa	ideale	adjective	ita
ideológico	adjective	spa	ideologico	adjective	ita
idiota	adjective	spa	idiota	adjective	ita
idiota	adjective	spa	idiota	adjective	ita
idiota	adjective	spa	idiota	adjective	ita
idéntico	adjective	spa	identico	adjective	ita
igual	adjective	spa	uguale	adjective	ita
ilegal	adjective	spa	illegale	adjective	ita
ilegítimo	adjective	spa	illegittimo	adjective	ita
ilimitado	adjective	spa	illimitato	adjective	ita
iluminado	adjective	spa	illuminato	adjective	ita
iluminante	adjective	spa	illuminante	adjective	ita
ilustrado	adjective	spa	illustrato	adjective	ita
ilustre	adjective	spa	illustre	adjective	ita
imbécil	adjective	spa	imbecille	adjective	ita
inmortal	adjective	spa	immortale	adjective	ita
impactante	adjective	spa	scioccante	adjective	ita
impar	adjective	spa	dispari	adjective	ita
impar	adjective	spa	dispari	adjective	ita
impar	adjective	spa	dispari	adjective	ita
imparcial	adjective	spa	imparziale	adjective	ita
impensable	adjective	spa	impensabile	adjective	ita
imperativo	adjective	spa	imperativo	adjective	ita
imperfecto	adjective	spa	imperfetto	adjective	ita
imperial	adjective	spa	imperiale	adjective	ita
impermeable	adjective	spa	impermeabile	adjective	ita
impersonal	adjective	spa	impersonale	adjective	ita
implantado	adjective	spa	impiantato	adjective	ita
impopular	adjective	spa	impopolare	adjective	ita
importante	adjective	spa	importante	adjective	ita
imposible	adjective	spa	impossibile	adjective	ita
impredecible	adjective	spa	imprevedibile	adjective	ita
imprescindible	adjective	spa	imprescindibile	adjective	ita
impresionante	adjective	spa	stupefacente	adjective	ita
impresionante	adjective	spa	impressionante	adjective	ita
impreso	adjective	spa	stampato	adjective	ita
imprevisible	adjective	spa	imprevedibile	adjective	ita
imprevisto	adjective	spa	imprevisto	adjective	ita
improbable	adjective	spa	improbabile	adjective	ita
imputable	adjective	spa	imputabile	adjective	ita
inaceptable	adjective	spa	inaccettabile	adjective	ita
inadecuado	adjective	spa	inadeguato	adjective	ita
inalámbrico	adjective	spa	senza fili	adjective	ita
inalámbrico	adjective	spa	senza fili	adjective	ita
inalámbrico	adjective	spa	senza fili	adjective	ita
inaugural	adjective	spa	inaugurale	adjective	ita
incapaz	adjective	spa	incapace	adjective	ita
incendiario	adjective	spa	incendiario	adjective	ita
incesante	adjective	spa	incessante	adjective	ita
incidente	adjective	spa	incidente	adjective	ita
incierto	adjective	spa	incerto	adjective	ita
incisivo	adjective	spa	incisivo	adjective	ita
inclinado	adjective	spa	inclinato	adjective	ita
inclusiva	adjective	spa	inclusiva	adjective	ita
inclusivo	adjective	spa	inclusivo	adjective	ita
incluso	adjective	spa	incluso	adjective	ita
incomparable	adjective	spa	incomparabile	adjective	ita
incompatible	adjective	spa	incompatibile	adjective	ita
incompleto	adjective	spa	incompleto	adjective	ita
incomprensible	adjective	spa	incomprensibile	adjective	ita
incondicionado	adjective	spa	incondizionato	adjective	ita
incondicional	adjective	spa	incondizionale	adjective	ita
inconsciente	adjective	spa	inconsapevole	adjective	ita
incontestable	adjective	spa	incontestabile	adjective	ita
incorrecto	adjective	spa	scorretto	adjective	ita
increíble	adjective	spa	incredibile	adjective	ita
increíble	adjective	spa	incredibile	adjective	ita
increíble	adjective	spa	strabiliante	adjective	ita
incómodo	adjective	spa	a disagio	adjective	ita
indeciso	adjective	spa	indeciso	adjective	ita
indefenso	adjective	spa	indifeso	adjective	ita
impotente	adjective	spa	impotente	adjective	ita
independiente	adjective	spa	indipendente	adjective	ita
indeseable	adjective	spa	indesiderabile	adjective	ita
indicador	adjective	spa	indicatore	adjective	ita
indicativo	adjective	spa	indicativo	adjective	ita
indio	adjective	spa	indio	adjective	ita
indispensable	adjective	spa	indispensabile	adjective	ita
indispensable	adjective	spa	indispensabile	adjective	ita
individual	adjective	spa	individuale	adjective	ita
indivisible	adjective	spa	indivisibile	adjective	ita
indonesio	adjective	spa	indonesiano	adjective	ita
indudable	adjective	spa	indubitabile	adjective	ita
industrial	adjective	spa	industriale	adjective	ita
indígena	adjective	spa	indigeno	adjective	ita
indígena	adjective	spa	indigeno	adjective	ita
indígena	adjective	spa	indigeno	adjective	ita
ineficaz	adjective	spa	inefficace	adjective	ita
inesperado	adjective	spa	inaspettato	adjective	ita
inesperado	adjective	spa	inaspettato	adjective	ita
inestable	adjective	spa	instabile	adjective	ita
inevitable	adjective	spa	inevitabile	adjective	ita
inexorable	adjective	spa	inesorabile	adjective	ita
infame	adjective	spa	infame	adjective	ita
infantil	adjective	spa	infantile	adjective	ita
infeccioso	adjective	spa	infettivo	adjective	ita
infeccioso	adjective	spa	infettivo	adjective	ita
infectado	adjective	spa	infetto	adjective	ita
infectado	adjective	spa	infettato	adjective	ita
infectado	adjective	spa	infetto	adjective	ita
infeliz	adjective	spa	infelice	adjective	ita
inferior	adjective	spa	inferiore	adjective	ita
infernal	adjective	spa	infernale	adjective	ita
infiel	adjective	spa	infedele	adjective	ita
infinitesimal	adjective	spa	infinitesimale	adjective	ita
infinito	adjective	spa	infinito	adjective	ita
inflacionario	adjective	spa	inflazionistico	adjective	ita
influyente	adjective	spa	influente	adjective	ita
informal	adjective	spa	informale	adjective	ita
infraestructural	adjective	spa	infrastrutturale	adjective	ita
infundado	adjective	spa	infondato	adjective	ita
ingenioso	adjective	spa	spiritoso	adjective	ita
ingenuo	adjective	spa	ingenuo	adjective	ita
inglés	adjective	spa	inglese	adjective	ita
inglés	adjective	spa	inglese	adjective	ita
inglés	adjective	spa	inglese	adjective	ita
inherente	adjective	spa	intrinseco	adjective	ita
intrínseco	adjective	spa	intrinseco	adjective	ita
inhumano	adjective	spa	inumano	adjective	ita
inicial	adjective	spa	iniziale	adjective	ita
inigualable	adjective	spa	ineguagliabile	adjective	ita
inimaginable	adjective	spa	inimmaginabile	adjective	ita
injurioso	adjective	spa	ingiurioso	adjective	ita
injusto	adjective	spa	ingiusto	adjective	ita
inmaterial	adjective	spa	intangibile	adjective	ita
inmediato	adjective	spa	immediato	adjective	ita
inmemorial	adjective	spa	immemorabile	adjective	ita
inmenso	adjective	spa	immenso	adjective	ita
inmenso	adjective	spa	immenso	adjective	ita
inmerso	adjective	spa	immerso	adjective	ita
inminente	adjective	spa	imminente	adjective	ita
inmobiliaria	adjective	spa	immobiliare	adjective	ita
inmobiliario	adjective	spa	edilizio	adjective	ita
inmoral	adjective	spa	immorale	adjective	ita
inmune	adjective	spa	immune	adjective	ita
inmunológico	adjective	spa	di immunologia	adjective	ita
inmunológico	adjective	spa	immunitario	adjective	ita
inmóvil	adjective	spa	immobile	adjective	ita
innato	adjective	spa	innato	adjective	ita
innovador	adjective	spa	innovativo	adjective	ita
innumerable	adjective	spa	innumerevole	adjective	ita
inocente	adjective	spa	innocente	adjective	ita
inocente	adjective	spa	innocente	adjective	ita
inoxidable	adjective	spa	inossidabile	adjective	ita
inquietante	adjective	spa	inquietante	adjective	ita
inseparable	adjective	spa	inseparabile	adjective	ita
insidioso	adjective	spa	insidioso	adjective	ita
insignificante	adjective	spa	insignificante	adjective	ita
insoluble	adjective	spa	insolubile	adjective	ita
insolvente	adjective	spa	insolvente	adjective	ita
insostenible	adjective	spa	insostenibile	adjective	ita
inspirado	adjective	spa	ispirato	adjective	ita
instantáneo	adjective	spa	istantaneo	adjective	ita
institucional	adjective	spa	istituzionale	adjective	ita
instrumental	adjective	spa	strumentale	adjective	ita
insuficiente	adjective	spa	insufficiente	adjective	ita
insular	adjective	spa	insulare	adjective	ita
insuperable	adjective	spa	insuperabile	adjective	ita
insustituible	adjective	spa	insostituibile	adjective	ita
insípido	adjective	spa	insipido	adjective	ita
insólito	adjective	spa	insolito	adjective	ita
intacto	adjective	spa	intatto	adjective	ita
intacto	adjective	spa	intatto	adjective	ita
intangible	adjective	spa	intangibile	adjective	ita
integral	adjective	spa	integrale	adjective	ita
intelectual	adjective	spa	intellettuale	adjective	ita
inteligente	adjective	spa	intelligente	adjective	ita
intemporal	adjective	spa	atemporale	adjective	ita
intencional	adjective	spa	intenzionale	adjective	ita
intensivo	adjective	spa	intensivo	adjective	ita
intenso	adjective	spa	intenso	adjective	ita
intenso	adjective	spa	pesante	adjective	ita
intenso	adjective	spa	pesante	adjective	ita
intenso	adjective	spa	pesante	adjective	ita
intensivo	adjective	spa	pesante	adjective	ita
intensivo	adjective	spa	pesante	adjective	ita
intensivo	adjective	spa	pesante	adjective	ita
interactivo	adjective	spa	interattivo	adjective	ita
interanual	adjective	spa	interannuale	adjective	ita
intercomarcal	adjective	spa	intercomarcale	adjective	ita
interconectado	adjective	spa	interconnesso	adjective	ita
interesante	adjective	spa	interessante	adjective	ita
intergubernamental	adjective	spa	intergovernativo	adjective	ita
intergubernamental	adjective	spa	intergovernativo	adjective	ita
intergubernamental	adjective	spa	intergovernativo	adjective	ita
interior	adjective	spa	interno	adjective	ita
interior	adjective	spa	interno	adjective	ita
interior	adjective	spa	interno	adjective	ita
intermediario	adjective	spa	intermediario	adjective	ita
intermedio	adjective	spa	intermedio	adjective	ita
interminable	adjective	spa	senza fine	adjective	ita
interminable	adjective	spa	senza fine	adjective	ita
interminable	adjective	spa	senza fine	adjective	ita
intermitente	adjective	spa	intermittente	adjective	ita
internacional	adjective	spa	internazionale	adjective	ita
interno	adjective	spa	interno	adjective	ita
interprofesional	adjective	spa	interprofessionale	adjective	ita
intrigante	adjective	spa	intrigante	adjective	ita
intuitivo	adjective	spa	intuitivo	adjective	ita
intuitivo	adjective	spa	intuitivo	adjective	ita
inusual	adjective	spa	inusuale	adjective	ita
invadido	adjective	spa	invaso	adjective	ita
invasivo	adjective	spa	invasivo	adjective	ita
inventivo	adjective	spa	inventivo	adjective	ita
inverosímil	adjective	spa	improbabile	adjective	ita
inverosímil	adjective	spa	inverosimile	adjective	ita
inverso	adjective	spa	inverso	adjective	ita
inversor	adjective	spa	investitore	adjective	ita
invicto	adjective	spa	imbattuto	adjective	ita
inviolable	adjective	spa	inviolabile	adjective	ita
invisible	adjective	spa	invisibile	adjective	ita
involucrado	adjective	spa	coinvolto	adjective	ita
inútil	adjective	spa	inutile	adjective	ita
irascible	adjective	spa	irascibile	adjective	ita
irlandés	adjective	spa	irlandese	adjective	ita
irlandés	adjective	spa	irlandese	adjective	ita
irlandés	adjective	spa	irlandese	adjective	ita
irracional	adjective	spa	irrazionale	adjective	ita
irreal	adjective	spa	irreale	adjective	ita
irrefutable	adjective	spa	irrifiutabile	adjective	ita
irregular	adjective	spa	irregolare	adjective	ita
irrelevante	adjective	spa	irrilevante	adjective	ita
irremediable	adjective	spa	irrimediabile	adjective	ita
irreparable	adjective	spa	irreparabile	adjective	ita
irresponsable	adjective	spa	irresponsabile	adjective	ita
irreversible	adjective	spa	irreversibile	adjective	ita
irritante	adjective	spa	irritante	adjective	ita
irónico	adjective	spa	ironico	adjective	ita
islamista	adjective	spa	islamista	adjective	ita
islamista	adjective	spa	islamista	adjective	ita
islamista	adjective	spa	islamista	adjective	ita
islámico	adjective	spa	islamico	adjective	ita
israelí	adjective	spa	israeliano	adjective	ita
israelí	adjective	spa	israeliano	adjective	ita
israelí	adjective	spa	israeliano	adjective	ita
italiano	adjective	spa	italiano	adjective	ita
itinerante	adjective	spa	itinerante	adjective	ita
izquierdo	adjective	spa	sinistro	adjective	ita
jactancioso	adjective	spa	presuntuoso	adjective	ita
jamaicano	adjective	spa	giamaicano	adjective	ita
japonés	adjective	spa	giapponese	adjective	ita
japonés	adjective	spa	giapponese	adjective	ita
japonés	adjective	spa	giapponese	adjective	ita
joven	adjective	spa	giovane	adjective	ita
jovial	adjective	spa	gioviale	adjective	ita
judicial	adjective	spa	giudiziario	adjective	ita
judicial	adjective	spa	giudiziario	adjective	ita
judicial	adjective	spa	giudiziario	adjective	ita
judío	adjective	spa	ebreo	adjective	ita
jugoso	adjective	spa	succoso	adjective	ita
junto	adjective	spa	vicino	adjective	ita
junto	adjective	spa	assieme	adjective	ita
jurídico	adjective	spa	giuridico	adjective	ita
justo	adjective	spa	giusto	adjective	ita
juvenil	adjective	spa	giovanile	adjective	ita
keynesiano	adjective	spa	keynesiano	adjective	ita
kuwaití	adjective	spa	kuwaitiano	adjective	ita
kuwaití	adjective	spa	kuwaitiano	adjective	ita
kuwaití	adjective	spa	kuwaitiano	adjective	ita
labial	adjective	spa	labiale	adjective	ita
laboral	adjective	spa	lavorativo	adjective	ita
laboral	adjective	spa	lavorativo	adjective	ita
laboral	adjective	spa	lavorativo	adjective	ita
laborista	adjective	spa	laburista	adjective	ita
laborista	adjective	spa	laburista	adjective	ita
laborista	adjective	spa	laburista	adjective	ita
laico	adjective	spa	laico	adjective	ita
lamentable	adjective	spa	deplorevole	adjective	ita
lanzado	adjective	spa	buttato	adjective	ita
largo	adjective	spa	lungo	adjective	ita
latente	adjective	spa	latente	adjective	ita
lateral	adjective	spa	laterale	adjective	ita
latino	adjective	spa	latino	adjective	ita
leal	adjective	spa	leale	adjective	ita
lector	adjective	spa	lettore	adjective	ita
legal	adjective	spa	legale	adjective	ita
legislativo	adjective	spa	legislativo	adjective	ita
legítimo	adjective	spa	legittimo	adjective	ita
lejano	adjective	spa	distante	adjective	ita
lejano	adjective	spa	distante	adjective	ita
lejano	adjective	spa	distante	adjective	ita
lento	adjective	spa	lento	adjective	ita
lesbiana	adjective	spa	lesbica	adjective	ita
letal	adjective	spa	letale	adjective	ita
leve	adjective	spa	lieve	adjective	ita
liberado	adjective	spa	rilasciato	adjective	ita
liberal	adjective	spa	liberale	adjective	ita
libre	adjective	spa	libero	adjective	ita
libre	adjective	spa	libero	adjective	ita
libre	adjective	spa	libero	adjective	ita
licenciado	adjective	spa	laureato	adjective	ita
ligero	adjective	spa	leggero	adjective	ita
limpio	adjective	spa	pulito	adjective	ita
lindo	adjective	spa	carino	adjective	ita
lindo	adjective	spa	carino	adjective	ita
lineal	adjective	spa	lineare	adjective	ita
lingüístico	adjective	spa	linguistico	adjective	ita
liso	adjective	spa	liscio	adjective	ita
listo	adjective	spa	pronto	adjective	ita
literal	adjective	spa	letterale	adjective	ita
literario	adjective	spa	letterario	adjective	ita
litoral	adjective	spa	litorale	adjective	ita
lituano	adjective	spa	lituano	adjective	ita
liviano	adjective	spa	leggero	adjective	ita
llamado	adjective	spa	chiamato	adjective	ita
lleno	adjective	spa	pieno	adjective	ita
local	adjective	spa	locale	adjective	ita
loco	adjective	spa	fuori di testa	adjective	ita
loco	adjective	spa	matto	adjective	ita
loco	adjective	spa	pazzo	adjective	ita
logístico	adjective	spa	logistico	adjective	ita
londinense	adjective	spa	londinese	adjective	ita
luchado	adjective	spa	lottato	adjective	ita
lucrativo	adjective	spa	redditizio	adjective	ita
lujoso	adjective	spa	lussuoso	adjective	ita
luminoso	adjective	spa	luminoso	adjective	ita
lunar	adjective	spa	lunare	adjective	ita
lácteo	adjective	spa	latteo	adjective	ita
lícito	adjective	spa	lecito	adjective	ita
líquido	adjective	spa	liquido	adjective	ita
lógico	adjective	spa	logico	adjective	ita
lúdico	adjective	spa	ludico	adjective	ita
macro	adjective	spa	macro	adjective	ita
macro	adjective	spa	macro	adjective	ita
macro	adjective	spa	macro	adjective	ita
macroeconómico	adjective	spa	macroeconomico	adjective	ita
macroscópico	adjective	spa	macroscopico	adjective	ita
madre	adjective	spa	staminale	adjective	ita
madre	adjective	spa	staminale	adjective	ita
madre	adjective	spa	staminale	adjective	ita
madrileño	adjective	spa	madrileno	adjective	ita
maduro	adjective	spa	maturo	adjective	ita
magistral	adjective	spa	magistrale	adjective	ita
magnético	adjective	spa	magnetico	adjective	ita
magnífico	adjective	spa	magnifico	adjective	ita
magrebí	adjective	spa	magrebino	adjective	ita
magrebí	adjective	spa	magrebino	adjective	ita
magrebí	adjective	spa	magrebino	adjective	ita
magro	adjective	spa	magro	adjective	ita
malagueño	adjective	spa	malagueño	adjective	ita
maldito	adjective	spa	maledetto	adjective	ita
maleable	adjective	spa	malleabile	adjective	ita
malicioso	adjective	spa	malizioso	adjective	ita
maligno	adjective	spa	malvagio	adjective	ita
maligno	adjective	spa	maligno	adjective	ita
malo	adjective	spa	cattivo	adjective	ita
mamario	adjective	spa	mammario	adjective	ita
mamífero	adjective	spa	mammifero	adjective	ita
manufacturero	adjective	spa	manifatturiero	adjective	ita
manuscrito	adjective	spa	manoscritto	adjective	ita
maníaco	adjective	spa	maniaco	adjective	ita
mapeado	adjective	spa	mappato	adjective	ita
maquinal	adjective	spa	meccanico	adjective	ita
maquinal	adjective	spa	meccanico	adjective	ita
maquinal	adjective	spa	meccanico	adjective	ita
maravilloso	adjective	spa	meraviglioso	adjective	ita
marcado	adjective	spa	segnato	adjective	ita
marcial	adjective	spa	marziale	adjective	ita
marciano	adjective	spa	marziano	adjective	ita
marginal	adjective	spa	marginale	adjective	ita
marinero	adjective	spa	marinaio	adjective	ita
marinero	adjective	spa	marinaio	adjective	ita
marinero	adjective	spa	marinaio	adjective	ita
marino	adjective	spa	marino	adjective	ita
marital	adjective	spa	maritale	adjective	ita
marroquí	adjective	spa	marocchino	adjective	ita
marroquí	adjective	spa	marocchino	adjective	ita
marroquí	adjective	spa	marocchino	adjective	ita
marrón	adjective	spa	marrone	adjective	ita
marítimo	adjective	spa	marittimo	adjective	ita
masculino	adjective	spa	mascolino	adjective	ita
masiva	adjective	spa	massiccia	adjective	ita
masivo	adjective	spa	massiccio	adjective	ita
matemático	adjective	spa	matematico	adjective	ita
material	adjective	spa	materiale	adjective	ita
maternal	adjective	spa	materno	adjective	ita
materno	adjective	spa	materno	adjective	ita
matinal	adjective	spa	mattutino	adjective	ita
matinal	adjective	spa	mattutino	adjective	ita
matinal	adjective	spa	mattutino	adjective	ita
matrimonial	adjective	spa	matrimoniale	adjective	ita
mayor	adjective	spa	maggiore	adjective	ita
mayor	adjective	spa	maggior	adjective	ita
mayorista	adjective	spa	grossista	adjective	ita
mayorista	adjective	spa	grossista	adjective	ita
mayorista	adjective	spa	grossista	adjective	ita
mayoritario	adjective	spa	maggioritario	adjective	ita
mediana	adjective	spa	mediana	adjective	ita
mediano	adjective	spa	medio	adjective	ita
medible	adjective	spa	misurabile	adjective	ita
medicinal	adjective	spa	medicinale	adjective	ita
medieval	adjective	spa	medioevale	adjective	ita
medio	adjective	spa	mezzo	adjective	ita
medioambiental	adjective	spa	ambientale	adjective	ita
mediterráneo	adjective	spa	mediterraneo	adjective	ita
medular	adjective	spa	midollare	adjective	ita
mejor	adjective	spa	migliore	adjective	ita
mejor	adjective	spa	meglio	adjective	ita
melífera	adjective	spa	mellifera	adjective	ita
memorable	adjective	spa	memorabile	adjective	ita
menor	adjective	spa	minore	adjective	ita
menor	adjective	spa	minorile	adjective	ita
mensual	adjective	spa	mensile	adjective	ita
mental	adjective	spa	mentale	adjective	ita
mentiroso	adjective	spa	bugiardo	adjective	ita
menudo	adjective	spa	minuto	adjective	ita
menudo	adjective	spa	che	pronoun	ita
menudo	adjective	spa	che	pronoun	ita
menudo	adjective	spa	che	pronoun	ita
menudo	adjective	spa	che	pronoun	ita
mercantil	adjective	spa	mercantile	adjective	ita
meridional	adjective	spa	meridionale	adjective	ita
mero	adjective	spa	semplice	adjective	ita
mero	adjective	spa	semplice	adjective	ita
meteorológico	adjective	spa	meteorologico	adjective	ita
metodológico	adjective	spa	metodologico	adjective	ita
metropolitano	adjective	spa	metropolitano	adjective	ita
metódico	adjective	spa	metodico	adjective	ita
mexicano	adjective	spa	messicano	adjective	ita
microbiana	adjective	spa	microbica	adjective	ita
microbiano	adjective	spa	microbico	adjective	ita
micróbico	adjective	spa	microbico	adjective	ita
migratoria	adjective	spa	migratoria	adjective	ita
migratoria	adjective	spa	migratoria	adjective	ita
militar	adjective	spa	militare	adjective	ita
mineral	adjective	spa	minerale	adjective	ita
ministerial	adjective	spa	ministeriale	adjective	ita
minucioso	adjective	spa	minuzioso	adjective	ita
minúsculo	adjective	spa	minuscolo	adjective	ita
miserable	adjective	spa	miserabile	adjective	ita
mismo	adjective	spa	stesso	adjective	ita
misterioso	adjective	spa	misterioso	adjective	ita
mixto	adjective	spa	misto	adjective	ita
modal	adjective	spa	modale	adjective	ita
moderno	adjective	spa	moderno	adjective	ita
modesto	adjective	spa	modesto	adjective	ita
molecular	adjective	spa	molecolare	adjective	ita
monetario	adjective	spa	monetario	adjective	ita
monetario	adjective	spa	valutario	adjective	ita
monumental	adjective	spa	monumentale	adjective	ita
monótono	adjective	spa	monotono	adjective	ita
moral	adjective	spa	morale	adjective	ita
moribundo	adjective	spa	morente	adjective	ita
moribundo	adjective	spa	morente	adjective	ita
moribundo	adjective	spa	morente	adjective	ita
moro	adjective	spa	moro	adjective	ita
moroso	adjective	spa	insolvente	adjective	ita
moroso	adjective	spa	insolvente	adjective	ita
moroso	adjective	spa	insolvente	adjective	ita
mortal	adjective	spa	mortale	adjective	ita
mucho	adjective	spa	parecchio	adjective	ita
mucho	adjective	spa	molto	adjective	ita
muchísimo	adjective	spa	moltissimo	adjective	ita
mudado	adjective	spa	trasferito	adjective	ita
mueble	adjective	spa	mobile	adjective	ita
muerto	adjective	spa	morto	adjective	ita
mujeril	adjective	spa	femminile	adjective	ita
multicultural	adjective	spa	multiculturale	adjective	ita
multilateral	adjective	spa	multilaterale	adjective	ita
mundanal	adjective	spa	mondano	adjective	ita
mundanal	adjective	spa	mondano	adjective	ita
mundanal	adjective	spa	mondano	adjective	ita
mundial	adjective	spa	mondiale	adjective	ita
municipal	adjective	spa	municipale	adjective	ita
mural	adjective	spa	murale	adjective	ita
muscular	adjective	spa	muscolare	adjective	ita
musical	adjective	spa	musicale	adjective	ita
mutuo	adjective	spa	mutuo	adjective	ita
mágico	adjective	spa	magico	adjective	ita
máximo	adjective	spa	massimo	adjective	ita
médico	adjective	spa	medico	adjective	ita
mínimo	adjective	spa	minimo	adjective	ita
mío	adjective	spa	mio	adjective	ita
móvil	adjective	spa	mobile	adjective	ita
múltiple	adjective	spa	molteplice	adjective	ita
múltiplo	adjective	spa	multiplo	adjective	ita
nacido	adjective	spa	nato	adjective	ita
nacional	adjective	spa	nazionale	adjective	ita
natal	adjective	spa	natale	adjective	ita
nativo	adjective	spa	nativo	adjective	ita
nato	adjective	spa	nato	adjective	ita
natural	adjective	spa	naturale	adjective	ita
naval	adjective	spa	navale	adjective	ita
neandertal	adjective	spa	cavernicolo	adjective	ita
neandertal	adjective	spa	cavernicolo	adjective	ita
neandertal	adjective	spa	cavernicolo	adjective	ita
nebuloso	adjective	spa	nebbioso	adjective	ita
necesario	adjective	spa	necessario	adjective	ita
nefasto	adjective	spa	nefasto	adjective	ita
negativo	adjective	spa	negativo	adjective	ita
negro	adjective	spa	nero	adjective	ita
neoliberal	adjective	spa	neoliberale	adjective	ita
nervioso	adjective	spa	nervoso	adjective	ita
neto	adjective	spa	netto	adjective	ita
neural	adjective	spa	neurale	adjective	ita
neuronal	adjective	spa	neuronale	adjective	ita
neutral	adjective	spa	neutrale	adjective	ita
nigeriano	adjective	spa	nigeriano	adjective	ita
noble	adjective	spa	nobile	adjective	ita
noble	adjective	spa	nobile	adjective	ita
nocivo	adjective	spa	dannoso	adjective	ita
nocivo	adjective	spa	nocivo	adjective	ita
nocturno	adjective	spa	notturno	adjective	ita
nominal	adjective	spa	nominale	adjective	ita
nonagésimo	adjective	spa	novantesimo	adjective	ita
normal	adjective	spa	normale	adjective	ita
normativo	adjective	spa	normativo	adjective	ita
norteamericano	adjective	spa	nordamericano	adjective	ita
noruego	adjective	spa	norvegese	adjective	ita
noruego	adjective	spa	norvegese	adjective	ita
noruego	adjective	spa	norvegese	adjective	ita
notable	adjective	spa	notevole	adjective	ita
notarial	adjective	spa	notarile	adjective	ita
novato	adjective	spa	novellino	adjective	ita
novedoso	adjective	spa	innovativo	adjective	ita
novel	adjective	spa	novello	adjective	ita
novel	adjective	spa	novello	adjective	ita
novel	adjective	spa	novello	adjective	ita
noveno	adjective	spa	nono	adjective	ita
nublado	adjective	spa	nuvoloso	adjective	ita
nuclear	adjective	spa	nucleare	adjective	ita
nuestro	adjective	spa	nostro	adjective	ita
nuevo	adjective	spa	nuovo	adjective	ita
nulo	adjective	spa	nullo	adjective	ita
numeroso	adjective	spa	numeroso	adjective	ita
nutritivo	adjective	spa	nutriente	adjective	ita
nutritivo	adjective	spa	nutriente	adjective	ita
nutritivo	adjective	spa	nutriente	adjective	ita
nómada	adjective	spa	nomade	adjective	ita
obcecado	adjective	spa	accanito	adjective	ita
obeso	adjective	spa	obeso	adjective	ita
objetivo	adjective	spa	obiettivo	adjective	ita
objetivo	adjective	spa	oggettivo	adjective	ita
obligado	adjective	spa	obbligato	adjective	ita
obligado	adjective	spa	costretto	adjective	ita
obrero	adjective	spa	operaio	adjective	ita
obsesionado	adjective	spa	ossessionato	adjective	ita
obsesionado	adjective	spa	ossessionato	adjective	ita
obsoleto	adjective	spa	obsoleto	adjective	ita
obstinado	adjective	spa	ostinato	adjective	ita
obvio	adjective	spa	ovvio	adjective	ita
ocasional	adjective	spa	occasionale	adjective	ita
occidental	adjective	spa	occidentale	adjective	ita
oceánico	adjective	spa	oceanico	adjective	ita
oceánico	adjective	spa	oceanico	adjective	ita
octavo	adjective	spa	ottavo	adjective	ita
ocular	adjective	spa	oculare	adjective	ita
oculto	adjective	spa	nascosto	adjective	ita
ocupacional	adjective	spa	occupazionale	adjective	ita
ocupado	adjective	spa	occupato	adjective	ita
odioso	adjective	spa	odioso	adjective	ita
oficial	adjective	spa	ufficiale	adjective	ita
olfativo	adjective	spa	olfattivo	adjective	ita
olímpico	adjective	spa	olimpico	adjective	ita
omnipresente	adjective	spa	onnipresente	adjective	ita
opaco	adjective	spa	opaco	adjective	ita
opcional	adjective	spa	opzionale	adjective	ita
operativo	adjective	spa	operativo	adjective	ita
optimista	adjective	spa	ottimista	adjective	ita
optimista	adjective	spa	ottimista	adjective	ita
opuesto	adjective	spa	opposto	adjective	ita
oral	adjective	spa	orale	adjective	ita
orbital	adjective	spa	orbitale	adjective	ita
ordinario	adjective	spa	ordinario	adjective	ita
orgulloso	adjective	spa	orgoglioso	adjective	ita
orgulloso	adjective	spa	fiero	adjective	ita
orgánico	adjective	spa	organico	adjective	ita
oriental	adjective	spa	orientale	adjective	ita
original	adjective	spa	originale	adjective	ita
originario	adjective	spa	originario	adjective	ita
ortopédico	adjective	spa	ortopedico	adjective	ita
oscuro	adjective	spa	scuro	adjective	ita
oscuro	adjective	spa	buio	adjective	ita
otoñal	adjective	spa	autunnale	adjective	ita
otro	adjective	spa	altro	adjective	ita
oval	adjective	spa	ovale	adjective	ita
ovoidal	adjective	spa	ovoidale	adjective	ita
pacífico	adjective	spa	pacifico	adjective	ita
palestino	adjective	spa	palestinese	adjective	ita
palestino	adjective	spa	palestinese	adjective	ita
palestino	adjective	spa	palestinese	adjective	ita
panorámico	adjective	spa	panoramico	adjective	ita
papal	adjective	spa	papale	adjective	ita
paquistaní	adjective	spa	pachistano	adjective	ita
paquistaní	adjective	spa	pachistano	adjective	ita
paquistaní	adjective	spa	pachistano	adjective	ita
parada	adjective	spa	sosta	adjective	ita
parcial	adjective	spa	parziale	adjective	ita
parco	adjective	spa	parco	adjective	ita
pardo	adjective	spa	leopardato	adjective	ita
parecido	adjective	spa	simile	adjective	ita
parecido	adjective	spa	simile	adjective	ita
parecido	adjective	spa	simile	adjective	ita
parlamentario	adjective	spa	parlamentare	adjective	ita
parlamentario	adjective	spa	parlamentare	adjective	ita
parlamentario	adjective	spa	parlamentare	adjective	ita
particular	adjective	spa	particolare	adjective	ita
parturienta	adjective	spa	partoriente	adjective	ita
pasado	adjective	spa	scorso	adjective	ita
pasajero	adjective	spa	passeggero	adjective	ita
pasional	adjective	spa	passionale	adjective	ita
pasivo	adjective	spa	passivo	adjective	ita
pastoral	adjective	spa	pastorale	adjective	ita
paternal	adjective	spa	paterno	adjective	ita
paternal	adjective	spa	paterno	adjective	ita
paternal	adjective	spa	paterno	adjective	ita
patrimonial	adjective	spa	patrimoniale	adjective	ita
patronal	adjective	spa	patronale	adjective	ita
patógeno	adjective	spa	patogeno	adjective	ita
peatonal	adjective	spa	pedonale	adjective	ita
peculiar	adjective	spa	peculiare	adjective	ita
peinado	adjective	spa	pettinato	adjective	ita
peligroso	adjective	spa	pericoloso	adjective	ita
pelirrojo	adjective	spa	rosso	adjective	ita
peludo	adjective	spa	peloso	adjective	ita
penal	adjective	spa	penale	adjective	ita
peninsular	adjective	spa	peninsulare	adjective	ita
penitencial	adjective	spa	penitenziale	adjective	ita
penúltimo	adjective	spa	penultimo	adjective	ita
peor	adjective	spa	peggiore	adjective	ita
peor	adjective	spa	peggiore	adjective	ita
pequeño	adjective	spa	piccolo	adjective	ita
perdido	adjective	spa	perso	adjective	ita
peregrino	adjective	spa	pellegrino	adjective	ita
perfecto	adjective	spa	perfetto	adjective	ita
perfecto	adjective	spa	perfetto	adjective	ita
pericial	adjective	spa	peritale	adjective	ita
periférico	adjective	spa	periferico	adjective	ita
periodístico	adjective	spa	giornalistico	adjective	ita
periódico	adjective	spa	periodico	adjective	ita
perjudicial	adjective	spa	pregiudizievole	adjective	ita
permanente	adjective	spa	permanente	adjective	ita
pernicioso	adjective	spa	pernicioso	adjective	ita
perpendicular	adjective	spa	perpendicolare	adjective	ita
persa	adjective	spa	persiano	adjective	ita
persa	adjective	spa	persiano	adjective	ita
persa	adjective	spa	persiano	adjective	ita
persistente	adjective	spa	persistente	adjective	ita
persistente	adjective	spa	persistente	adjective	ita
personal	adjective	spa	personale	adjective	ita
personal	adjective	spa	personale	adjective	ita
personalizado	adjective	spa	personalizzato	adjective	ita
perteneciente	adjective	spa	appartenente	adjective	ita
pertinente	adjective	spa	pertinente	adjective	ita
perturbador	adjective	spa	inquietante	adjective	ita
perturbador	adjective	spa	inquietante	adjective	ita
perturbador	adjective	spa	inquietante	adjective	ita
perturbador	adjective	spa	inquietante	adjective	ita
perturbador	adjective	spa	inquietante	adjective	ita
pesquera	adjective	spa	della pesca	adjective	ita
pestilencial	adjective	spa	pestilenziale	adjective	ita
petrolero	adjective	spa	petrolifero	adjective	ita
placentero	adjective	spa	piacevole	adjective	ita
placentero	adjective	spa	piacevole	adjective	ita
placentero	adjective	spa	piacevole	adjective	ita
plano	adjective	spa	piatto	adjective	ita
pleno	adjective	spa	pieno	adjective	ita
plural	adjective	spa	plurale	adjective	ita
plurianual	adjective	spa	pluriennale	adjective	ita
pluvial	adjective	spa	pluviale	adjective	ita
poblacional	adjective	spa	popolare	adjective	ita
pobre	adjective	spa	povero	adjective	ita
pobre	adjective	spa	povero	adjective	ita
pobre	adjective	spa	povero	adjective	ita
poco	adjective	spa	poco	adjective	ita
poderoso	adjective	spa	poderoso	adjective	ita
polar	adjective	spa	polare	adjective	ita
policial	adjective	spa	poliziesco	adjective	ita
policial	adjective	spa	poliziesco	adjective	ita
policial	adjective	spa	poliziesco	adjective	ita
político	adjective	spa	politico	adjective	ita
ponderado	adjective	spa	ponderato	adjective	ita
popular	adjective	spa	popolare	adjective	ita
poquito	adjective	spa	poco	adjective	ita
porcentual	adjective	spa	percentuale	adjective	ita
portugués	adjective	spa	portoghese	adjective	ita
portugués	adjective	spa	portoghese	adjective	ita
portugués	adjective	spa	portoghese	adjective	ita
portátil	adjective	spa	portatile	adjective	ita
posible	adjective	spa	possibile	adjective	ita
positivo	adjective	spa	positivo	adjective	ita
postapocalíptico	adjective	spa	post-apocalittico	adjective	ita
posterior	adjective	spa	posteriore	adjective	ita
potable	adjective	spa	potabile	adjective	ita
potencial	adjective	spa	potenziale	adjective	ita
potente	adjective	spa	potente	adjective	ita
pragmático	adjective	spa	pragmatico	adjective	ita
precario	adjective	spa	precario	adjective	ita
precioso	adjective	spa	prezioso	adjective	ita
precioso	adjective	spa	stupendo	adjective	ita
preciso	adjective	spa	preciso	adjective	ita
predecible	adjective	spa	prevedibile	adjective	ita
predominante	adjective	spa	predominante	adjective	ita
predominante	adjective	spa	prevalente	adjective	ita
preescolar	adjective	spa	prescolare	adjective	ita
preferente	adjective	spa	preferenziale	adjective	ita
preferible	adjective	spa	preferibile	adjective	ita
prefrontal	adjective	spa	prefrontale	adjective	ita
prehistórico	adjective	spa	preistorico	adjective	ita
preliminar	adjective	spa	preliminare	adjective	ita
premenstrual	adjective	spa	premestruale	adjective	ita
preocupado	adjective	spa	preoccupato	adjective	ita
preocupante	adjective	spa	preoccupante	adjective	ita
preparatorio	adjective	spa	preparatorio	adjective	ita
presencial	adjective	spa	presenziale	adjective	ita
presidencial	adjective	spa	presidenziale	adjective	ita
prestigioso	adjective	spa	prestigioso	adjective	ita
presunto	adjective	spa	presunto	adjective	ita
presupuestario	adjective	spa	di bilancio	adjective	ita
presupuestario	adjective	spa	di bilancio	adjective	ita
presupuestario	adjective	spa	di bilancio	adjective	ita
previo	adjective	spa	previo	adjective	ita
previsible	adjective	spa	prevedibile	adjective	ita
previsto	adjective	spa	previsto	adjective	ita
primario	adjective	spa	primario	adjective	ita
primer	adjective	spa	primo	adjective	ita
primero	adjective	spa	primo	adjective	ita
primitivo	adjective	spa	primitivo	adjective	ita
primordial	adjective	spa	primordiale	adjective	ita
principal	adjective	spa	principale	adjective	ita
prisa	adjective	spa	fretta	adjective	ita
probable	adjective	spa	probabile	adjective	ita
problemático	adjective	spa	problematico	adjective	ita
procedente	adjective	spa	proveniente	adjective	ita
productivo	adjective	spa	produttivo	adjective	ita
productor	adjective	spa	produttore	adjective	ita
profesional	adjective	spa	professionale	adjective	ita
profundo	adjective	spa	profondo	adjective	ita
prohibido	adjective	spa	proibito	adjective	ita
prolongado	adjective	spa	prolungato	adjective	ita
prometedor	adjective	spa	promettente	adjective	ita
prometedor	adjective	spa	promettente	adjective	ita
prometedor	adjective	spa	promettente	adjective	ita
promocional	adjective	spa	promozionale	adjective	ita
promotor	adjective	spa	promotore	adjective	ita
propenso	adjective	spa	soggetto	adjective	ita
propietario	adjective	spa	proprietario	adjective	ita
propio	adjective	spa	proprio	adjective	ita
proporcional	adjective	spa	proporzionale	adjective	ita
protagonista	adjective	spa	protagonista	adjective	ita
protagonista	adjective	spa	protagonista	adjective	ita
protagonista	adjective	spa	protagonista	adjective	ita
proveniente	adjective	spa	proveniente	adjective	ita
proverbial	adjective	spa	proverbiale	adjective	ita
providencial	adjective	spa	previdenziale	adjective	ita
provincial	adjective	spa	provinciale	adjective	ita
provisional	adjective	spa	provvisorio	adjective	ita
provisional	adjective	spa	provvisorio	adjective	ita
provisional	adjective	spa	provvisorio	adjective	ita
prudente	adjective	spa	prudente	adjective	ita
práctico	adjective	spa	pratico	adjective	ita
próximo	adjective	spa	prossimo	adjective	ita
psicológico	adjective	spa	psicologico	adjective	ita
psicópata	noun	spa	psicopatico	noun	ita
psicópata	noun	spa	psicopatico	noun	ita
psicópata	noun	spa	psicopatico	noun	ita
psicópata	adjective	spa	psicopatico	adjective	ita
psicópata	adjective	spa	psicopatico	adjective	ita
psicópata	adjective	spa	psicopatico	adjective	ita
psíquico	adjective	spa	psichico	adjective	ita
publicitario	adjective	spa	pubblicitario	adjective	ita
pudiente	adjective	spa	abbiente	adjective	ita
pueril	adjective	spa	puerile	adjective	ita
pulmonar	adjective	spa	polmonare	adjective	ita
punk	adjective	spa	punk	adjective	ita
puntual	adjective	spa	puntuale	adjective	ita
puro	adjective	spa	puro	adjective	ita
pálido	adjective	spa	pallido	adjective	ita
pésimo	adjective	spa	pessimo	adjective	ita
público	adjective	spa	pubblico	adjective	ita
púrpura	adjective	spa	viola	adjective	ita
púrpura	adjective	spa	viola	adjective	ita
púrpura	adjective	spa	viola	adjective	ita
continente	adjective	spa	contenente	adjective	ita
quieto	adjective	spa	fermo	adjective	ita
quincuagésimo	adjective	spa	cinquantesimo	adjective	ita
quinquenal	adjective	spa	quinquennale	adjective	ita
quinto	adjective	spa	quinto	adjective	ita
quirúrgico	adjective	spa	operatorio	adjective	ita
químico	adjective	spa	chimico	adjective	ita
racial	adjective	spa	razziale	adjective	ita
racional	adjective	spa	razionale	adjective	ita
racista	adjective	spa	razzista	adjective	ita
racista	adjective	spa	razzista	adjective	ita
racista	adjective	spa	razzista	adjective	ita
radial	adjective	spa	radiale	adjective	ita
radiante	adjective	spa	radiante	adjective	ita
radical	adjective	spa	radicale	adjective	ita
raro	adjective	spa	raro	adjective	ita
razonable	adjective	spa	ragionevole	adjective	ita
reacio	adjective	spa	riluttante	adjective	ita
reacio	adjective	spa	riluttante	adjective	ita
reacio	adjective	spa	riluttante	adjective	ita
real	adjective	spa	reale	adjective	ita
realista	adjective	spa	realistico	adjective	ita
realista	adjective	spa	realistico	adjective	ita
realista	adjective	spa	realistico	adjective	ita
reanudado	adjective	spa	ripreso	adjective	ita
rebelde	adjective	spa	ribelle	adjective	ita
reciente	adjective	spa	recente	adjective	ita
recreativo	adjective	spa	ricreativo	adjective	ita
recíproco	adjective	spa	reciproco	adjective	ita
redondo	adjective	spa	rotondo	adjective	ita
referente	adjective	spa	referente	adjective	ita
refinado	adjective	spa	fino	adjective	ita
regenerativo	adjective	spa	rigenerativo	adjective	ita
regenerativo	adjective	spa	rigenerativo	adjective	ita
regional	adjective	spa	regionale	adjective	ita
regulador	adjective	spa	regolatore	adjective	ita
regular	adjective	spa	regolare	adjective	ita
regulatorio	adjective	spa	regolamentare	adjective	ita
regulatorio	adjective	spa	regolamentare	adjective	ita
regulatorio	adjective	spa	regolamentare	adjective	ita
reiterado	adjective	spa	reiterato	adjective	ita
reivindicativo	adjective	spa	rivendicativo	adjective	ita
relacionado	adjective	spa	correlato	adjective	ita
relacionado	adjective	spa	riguardante	adjective	ita
relacionado	adjective	spa	riguardante	adjective	ita
relacionado	adjective	spa	riguardante	adjective	ita
relativo	adjective	spa	relativo	adjective	ita
relevante	adjective	spa	rilevante	adjective	ita
religioso	adjective	spa	religioso	adjective	ita
remoto	adjective	spa	a distanza	adjective	ita
remoto	adjective	spa	a distanza	adjective	ita
remoto	adjective	spa	a distanza	adjective	ita
remoto	adjective	spa	lontano	adjective	ita
remoto	adjective	spa	remoto	adjective	ita
renovable	adjective	spa	rinnovabile	adjective	ita
rentable	adjective	spa	redditizio	adjective	ita
rentable	adjective	spa	redditizio	adjective	ita
rentable	adjective	spa	redditizio	adjective	ita
repleto	adjective	spa	pieno	adjective	ita
republicano	adjective	spa	repubblicano	adjective	ita
residencial	adjective	spa	residenziale	adjective	ita
residente	adjective	spa	residente	adjective	ita
residual	adjective	spa	residuale	adjective	ita
resistente	adjective	spa	resistente	adjective	ita
respectivo	adjective	spa	rispettivo	adjective	ita
responsable	adjective	spa	responsabile	adjective	ita
restrictivo	adjective	spa	restrittivo	adjective	ita
resultante	adjective	spa	derivante	adjective	ita
resultante	adjective	spa	risultante	adjective	ita
retirado	adjective	spa	ritirato	adjective	ita
retrospectivo	adjective	spa	retrospettivo	adjective	ita
retórico	adjective	spa	retorico	adjective	ita
reversible	adjective	spa	reversibile	adjective	ita
revolucionario	adjective	spa	rivoluzionario	adjective	ita
rico	adjective	spa	ricco	adjective	ita
ridículo	adjective	spa	ridicolo	adjective	ita
riguroso	adjective	spa	rigoroso	adjective	ita
ritual	adjective	spa	rituale	adjective	ita
rival	adjective	spa	rivale	adjective	ita
robusto	adjective	spa	robusto	adjective	ita
robótico	adjective	spa	robotico	adjective	ita
robótico	adjective	spa	robotico	adjective	ita
rock	adjective	spa	rock	adjective	ita
rojo	adjective	spa	rosso	adjective	ita
romano	adjective	spa	romano	adjective	ita
romántico	adjective	spa	romantico	adjective	ita
romántico	adjective	spa	romantico	adjective	ita
rosado	adjective	spa	rosato	adjective	ita
roto	adjective	spa	spezzato	adjective	ita
rotundo	adjective	spa	clamoroso	adjective	ita
rubio	adjective	spa	biondo	adjective	ita
ruidoso	adjective	spa	rumoroso	adjective	ita
rumano	adjective	spa	rumeno	adjective	ita
rural	adjective	spa	rurale	adjective	ita
ruso	adjective	spa	russo	adjective	ita
rápido	adjective	spa	rapido	adjective	ita
rígido	adjective	spa	rigido	adjective	ita
sabático	adjective	spa	sabbatico	adjective	ita
sado	adjective	spa	snuff	adjective	ita
sagrado	adjective	spa	sacro	adjective	ita
salado	adjective	spa	salato	adjective	ita
salado	adjective	spa	salato	adjective	ita
salarial	adjective	spa	salariale	adjective	ita
salino	adjective	spa	salino	adjective	ita
saludable	adjective	spa	sano	adjective	ita
salvaje	adjective	spa	selvaggio	adjective	ita
salvaje	adjective	spa	selvaggio	adjective	ita
salvaje	adjective	spa	selvaggio	adjective	ita
sanguinario	adjective	spa	sanguinario	adjective	ita
sanguíneo	adjective	spa	ematico	adjective	ita
sanguíneo	adjective	spa	sanguigno	adjective	ita
sano	adjective	spa	sano	adjective	ita
santo	adjective	spa	santo	adjective	ita
satelital	adjective	spa	satellitare	adjective	ita
satisfactorio	adjective	spa	soddisfacente	adjective	ita
satisfactorio	adjective	spa	soddisfacente	adjective	ita
satisfactorio	adjective	spa	soddisfacente	adjective	ita
satisfecho	adjective	spa	lieto	adjective	ita
saturado	adjective	spa	saturo	adjective	ita
seco	adjective	spa	asciuto	adjective	ita
secreto	adjective	spa	segreto	adjective	ita
secular	adjective	spa	secolare	adjective	ita
secundario	adjective	spa	secondario	adjective	ita
sedentario	adjective	spa	sedentario	adjective	ita
seductor	adjective	spa	seducente	adjective	ita
seductor	adjective	spa	seducente	adjective	ita
seductor	adjective	spa	seducente	adjective	ita
seguidor	adjective	spa	seguitore	adjective	ita
segundo	adjective	spa	secondo	adjective	ita
seguro	adjective	spa	sicuro	adjective	ita
seleccionado	adjective	spa	selezionato	adjective	ita
selectivo	adjective	spa	selettivo	adjective	ita
semanal	adjective	spa	settimanale	adjective	ita
semejante	adjective	spa	tale	adjective	ita
semestral	adjective	spa	semestrale	adjective	ita
semántico	adjective	spa	semantico	adjective	ita
sencillo	adjective	spa	semplice	adjective	ita
sencillo	adjective	spa	semplice	adjective	ita
sencillo	adjective	spa	semplice	adjective	ita
senil	adjective	spa	senile	adjective	ita
sensacional	adjective	spa	sensazionale	adjective	ita
sensato	adjective	spa	giudizioso	adjective	ita
sensible	adjective	spa	sensibile	adjective	ita
sensorial	adjective	spa	sensoriale	adjective	ita
sensual	adjective	spa	sensuale	adjective	ita
sentimental	adjective	spa	sentimentale	adjective	ita
separatista	adjective	spa	separatista	adjective	ita
separatista	adjective	spa	separatista	adjective	ita
septentrional	adjective	spa	settentrionale	adjective	ita
sereno	adjective	spa	sereno	adjective	ita
serio	adjective	spa	serio	adjective	ita
servicial	adjective	spa	servizievole	adjective	ita
servil	adjective	spa	servile	adjective	ita
severo	adjective	spa	severo	adjective	ita
sexagésimo	adjective	spa	sessantesimo	adjective	ita
sexto	adjective	spa	sesto	adjective	ita
sexual	adjective	spa	sessuale	adjective	ita
sexy	adjective	spa	sexy	adjective	ita
sexy	adjective	spa	sexy	adjective	ita
sexy	adjective	spa	sexy	adjective	ita
señoral	adjective	spa	signorile	adjective	ita
significativo	adjective	spa	significativo	adjective	ita
siguiente	adjective	spa	seguente	adjective	ita
silencioso	adjective	spa	silenzioso	adjective	ita
silvestre	adjective	spa	selvatico	adjective	ita
silvestre	adjective	spa	selvatico	adjective	ita
silvestre	adjective	spa	selvatico	adjective	ita
similar	adjective	spa	simile	adjective	ita
simpatizante	adjective	spa	simpatizzante	adjective	ita
simple	adjective	spa	semplice	adjective	ita
simplista	adjective	spa	semplicistico	adjective	ita
simplista	adjective	spa	semplicistico	adjective	ita
simplista	adjective	spa	semplicistico	adjective	ita
simpático	adjective	spa	simpatico	adjective	ita
simétrico	adjective	spa	simmetrico	adjective	ita
sincero	adjective	spa	sincero	adjective	ita
sindical	adjective	spa	sindacale	adjective	ita
singular	adjective	spa	singolare	adjective	ita
siniestrado	adjective	spa	sinistrato	adjective	ita
siniestro	adjective	spa	sinistro	adjective	ita
sintético	adjective	spa	sintetico	adjective	ita
sintético	adjective	spa	sintetico	adjective	ita
sinónimo	adjective	spa	sinonimo	adjective	ita
sinónimo	adjective	spa	sinonimo	adjective	ita
sinónimo	adjective	spa	sinonimo	adjective	ita
sirio	adjective	spa	siriano	adjective	ita
sistemático	adjective	spa	sistematico	adjective	ita
sistémico	adjective	spa	sistemico	adjective	ita
soberano	adjective	spa	sovrano	adjective	ita
sobrenatural	adjective	spa	soprannaturale	adjective	ita
sobreviviente	adjective	spa	sopravvissuto	adjective	ita
sobreviviente	adjective	spa	sopravvissuto	adjective	ita
sobreviviente	adjective	spa	sopravvissuto	adjective	ita
social	adjective	spa	sociale	adjective	ita
sociológico	adjective	spa	sociologico	adjective	ita
sofisticado	adjective	spa	sofisticato	adjective	ita
solar	adjective	spa	solare	adjective	ita
solemne	adjective	spa	solenne	adjective	ita
solitario	adjective	spa	solitario	adjective	ita
solo	adjective	spa	solo	adjective	ita
soltero	adjective	spa	single	adjective	ita
soltero	adjective	spa	single	adjective	ita
soltero	adjective	spa	single	adjective	ita
soluble	adjective	spa	solubile	adjective	ita
solvente	adjective	spa	solvente	adjective	ita
sometido	adjective	spa	sottoposto	adjective	ita
sonoro	adjective	spa	sonoro	adjective	ita
sonriente	adjective	spa	sorridente	adjective	ita
sordo	adjective	spa	sordo	adjective	ita
sorprendente	adjective	spa	sorprendente	adjective	ita
sospechoso	adjective	spa	sospettoso	adjective	ita
sostenible	adjective	spa	sostenibile	adjective	ita
soviética	adjective	spa	sovietica	adjective	ita
suave	adjective	spa	morbido	adjective	ita
suave	adjective	spa	morbido	adjective	ita
suave	adjective	spa	morbido	adjective	ita
subcutáneo	adjective	spa	sottocutaneo	adjective	ita
subjetivo	adjective	spa	soggettivo	adjective	ita
subnormal	adjective	spa	subnormale	adjective	ita
suboficial	adjective	spa	sottufficiale	adjective	ita
suborbital	adjective	spa	suborbitale	adjective	ita
subprime	adjective	spa	subprime	adjective	ita
subsahariano	adjective	spa	subsahariano	adjective	ita
subsahariano	adjective	spa	subsahariano	adjective	ita
subsiguiente	adjective	spa	successivo	adjective	ita
subsiguiente	adjective	spa	successivo	adjective	ita
subsiguiente	adjective	spa	successivo	adjective	ita
substancial	adjective	spa	sostanziale	adjective	ita
subterráneo	adjective	spa	sotterraneo	adjective	ita
subterráneo	adjective	spa	sottoterra	adjective	ita
subterráneo	adjective	spa	sottoterra	adjective	ita
subterráneo	adjective	spa	sottoterra	adjective	ita
suburbial	adjective	spa	suburbano	adjective	ita
suburbial	adjective	spa	suburbano	adjective	ita
suburbial	adjective	spa	suburbano	adjective	ita
subyacente	adjective	spa	nascosto	adjective	ita
subyacente	adjective	spa	nascosto	adjective	ita
subyacente	adjective	spa	nascosto	adjective	ita
subyacente	adjective	spa	sottostante	adjective	ita
sucedido	adjective	spa	accaduto	adjective	ita
sucinto	adjective	spa	succinto	adjective	ita
sucio	adjective	spa	sporco	adjective	ita
sueco	adjective	spa	svedese	adjective	ita
sueco	adjective	spa	svedese	adjective	ita
sueco	adjective	spa	svedese	adjective	ita
suficiente	adjective	spa	sufficiente	adjective	ita
sufridor	adjective	spa	sofferente	adjective	ita
sufridor	adjective	spa	sofferente	adjective	ita
sufridor	adjective	spa	sofferente	adjective	ita
sumario	adjective	spa	sommario	adjective	ita
sumergible	adjective	spa	sommergibile	adjective	ita
sumergido	adjective	spa	immerso	adjective	ita
sumo	adjective	spa	sommo	adjective	ita
superficial	adjective	spa	superficiale	adjective	ita
superior	adjective	spa	superiore	adjective	ita
suplementario	adjective	spa	supplementare	adjective	ita
suplementario	adjective	spa	supplementare	adjective	ita
suplementario	adjective	spa	supplementare	adjective	ita
supranacional	adjective	spa	sovranazionale	adjective	ita
supremo	adjective	spa	supremo	adjective	ita
surtido	adjective	spa	assortito	adjective	ita
susceptible	adjective	spa	suscettibile	adjective	ita
sustancial	adjective	spa	sostanziale	adjective	ita
sustentable	adjective	spa	sostenibile	adjective	ita
sutil	adjective	spa	sottile	adjective	ita
suyo	adjective	spa	suo	adjective	ita
séptimo	adjective	spa	settimo	adjective	ita
sólido	adjective	spa	solido	adjective	ita
súper	adjective	spa	super	adjective	ita
taciturno	adjective	spa	taciturno	adjective	ita
tailandés	adjective	spa	tailandese	adjective	ita
tailandés	adjective	spa	tailandese	adjective	ita
tailandés	adjective	spa	tailandese	adjective	ita
tangible	adjective	spa	tangibile	adjective	ita
tanto	adjective	spa	tanto	adjective	ita
tardío	adjective	spa	tardivo	adjective	ita
tardío	adjective	spa	tardio	adjective	ita
teatral	adjective	spa	teatrale	adjective	ita
tecnológico	adjective	spa	tecnologico	adjective	ita
telefónico	adjective	spa	telefonico	adjective	ita
temible	adjective	spa	temibile	adjective	ita
temporal	adjective	spa	temporale	adjective	ita
temporal	adjective	spa	temporaneo	adjective	ita
temporal	adjective	spa	temporaneo	adjective	ita
temporal	adjective	spa	temporaneo	adjective	ita
tenso	adjective	spa	teso	adjective	ita
tenue	adjective	spa	tenue	adjective	ita
terapéutico	adjective	spa	terapeutico	adjective	ita
tercer	adjective	spa	terzo	adjective	ita
tercero	adjective	spa	terzo	adjective	ita
termal	adjective	spa	termale	adjective	ita
terminal	adjective	spa	terminale	adjective	ita
terrenal	adjective	spa	terrenale	adjective	ita
terrestre	adjective	spa	terrestre	adjective	ita
terrible	adjective	spa	terribile	adjective	ita
territorial	adjective	spa	territoriale	adjective	ita
terrorista	adjective	spa	terrorista	adjective	ita
terrorista	adjective	spa	terrorista	adjective	ita
terrorista	adjective	spa	terrorista	adjective	ita
terrorista	adjective	spa	terroristico	adjective	ita
terrorista	adjective	spa	terroristico	adjective	ita
terrorista	adjective	spa	terroristico	adjective	ita
textil	adjective	spa	tessile	adjective	ita
textual	adjective	spa	testuale	adjective	ita
teórico	adjective	spa	teorico	adjective	ita
tonto	adjective	spa	tonto	adjective	ita
torpe	adjective	spa	goffo	adjective	ita
torpe	adjective	spa	goffo	adjective	ita
torpe	adjective	spa	goffo	adjective	ita
torrencial	adjective	spa	torrenziale	adjective	ita
total	adjective	spa	totale	adjective	ita
total	adjective	spa	complessivo	adjective	ita
tradicional	adjective	spa	tradizionale	adjective	ita
tranquilizante	adjective	spa	calmante	adjective	ita
tranquilo	adjective	spa	tranquillo	adjective	ita
tranquilo	adjective	spa	tranquillo	adjective	ita
transatlántico	adjective	spa	transatlantico	adjective	ita
transfronterizo	adjective	spa	transfrontaliero	adjective	ita
transitorio	adjective	spa	transitorio	adjective	ita
transparente	adjective	spa	trasparente	adjective	ita
trasero	adjective	spa	posteriore	adjective	ita
trasero	adjective	spa	posteriore	adjective	ita
trasero	adjective	spa	posteriore	adjective	ita
traumático	adjective	spa	traumatico	adjective	ita
treinteavo	adjective	spa	trentesimo	adjective	ita
tremendo	adjective	spa	tremendo	adjective	ita
tributario	adjective	spa	tributario	adjective	ita
tridimensional	adjective	spa	tridimensionale	adjective	ita
trimestral	adjective	spa	trimestrale	adjective	ita
triple	adjective	spa	triplo	adjective	ita
triple	adjective	spa	triplo	adjective	ita
triple	adjective	spa	triplo	adjective	ita
triste	adjective	spa	triste	adjective	ita
triunfal	adjective	spa	trionfale	adjective	ita
trivial	adjective	spa	triviale	adjective	ita
tropical	adjective	spa	tropicale	adjective	ita
trágico	adjective	spa	tragico	adjective	ita
trágico	adjective	spa	tragico	adjective	ita
tumoral	adjective	spa	tumorale	adjective	ita
turco	adjective	spa	turco	adjective	ita
turístico	adjective	spa	turistico	adjective	ita
tuyo	adjective	spa	tuo	adjective	ita
táctil	adjective	spa	tattile	adjective	ita
técnico	adjective	spa	tecnico	adjective	ita
térmico	adjective	spa	termico	adjective	ita
tímido	adjective	spa	timido	adjective	ita
típico	adjective	spa	tipico	adjective	ita
tópico	adjective	spa	topico	adjective	ita
tóxico	adjective	spa	tossico	adjective	ita
tóxico	adjective	spa	tossico	adjective	ita
ulterior	adjective	spa	ulteriore	adjective	ita
ultra	adjective	spa	ultra	adjective	ita
ultra	adjective	spa	ultra	adjective	ita
ultra	adjective	spa	ultra	adjective	ita
ultravioleta	adjective	spa	ultravioletta	adjective	ita
umbilical	adjective	spa	ombelicale	adjective	ita
undécimo	adjective	spa	undicesimo	adjective	ita
unidireccional	adjective	spa	unidirezionale	adjective	ita
unido	adjective	spa	unito	adjective	ita
unifamiliar	adjective	spa	unifamiliare	adjective	ita
unilateral	adjective	spa	unilaterale	adjective	ita
universal	adjective	spa	universale	adjective	ita
universitario	adjective	spa	universitario	adjective	ita
unánime	adjective	spa	unanime	adjective	ita
urbano	adjective	spa	urbano	adjective	ita
urgente	adjective	spa	urgente	adjective	ita
usual	adjective	spa	usuale	adjective	ita
usual	adjective	spa	solito	adjective	ita
usual	adjective	spa	solito	adjective	ita
usual	adjective	spa	solito	adjective	ita
vacante	adjective	spa	vacante	adjective	ita
vacío	adjective	spa	vuoto	adjective	ita
vaginal	adjective	spa	vaginale	adjective	ita
valenciano	adjective	spa	valenziano	adjective	ita
valiente	adjective	spa	coraggioso	adjective	ita
valiente	adjective	spa	coraggioso	adjective	ita
valiente	adjective	spa	coraggioso	adjective	ita
valiente	adjective	spa	coraggioso	adjective	ita
valioso	adjective	spa	prezioso	adjective	ita
vano	adjective	spa	vano	adjective	ita
variante	adjective	spa	variante	adjective	ita
varonil	adjective	spa	maschile	adjective	ita
vasco	adjective	spa	basco	adjective	ita
vasto	adjective	spa	vasto	adjective	ita
vecinal	adjective	spa	vicinale	adjective	ita
vecino	adjective	spa	vicino	adjective	ita
vegetal	adjective	spa	vegetale	adjective	ita
vehemente	adjective	spa	veemente	adjective	ita
veinteañero	adjective	spa	ventenne	adjective	ita
veinteañero	adjective	spa	ventenne	adjective	ita
veinteañero	adjective	spa	ventenne	adjective	ita
veloz	adjective	spa	veloce	adjective	ita
venenoso	adjective	spa	velenoso	adjective	ita
ventajoso	adjective	spa	vantaggioso	adjective	ita
verbal	adjective	spa	verbale	adjective	ita
verdadero	adjective	spa	vero	adjective	ita
vergonzoso	adjective	spa	vergognoso	adjective	ita
verosímil	adjective	spa	verosimile	adjective	ita
verosímil	adjective	spa	plausibile	adjective	ita
versátil	adjective	spa	versatile	adjective	ita
vertical	adjective	spa	verticale	adjective	ita
veterano	adjective	spa	veterano	adjective	ita
veterinario	adjective	spa	veterinario	adjective	ita
viable	adjective	spa	fattibile	adjective	ita
viajero	adjective	spa	viaggiatore	adjective	ita
vial	adjective	spa	viario	adjective	ita
viario	adjective	spa	viario	adjective	ita
vibrante	adjective	spa	vibrante	adjective	ita
vice	adjective	spa	vice	adjective	ita
vicioso	adjective	spa	vizioso	adjective	ita
viejo	adjective	spa	vecchio	adjective	ita
vigente	adjective	spa	vigente	adjective	ita
vigoroso	adjective	spa	vigoroso	adjective	ita
vigésimo	adjective	spa	ventesimo	adjective	ita
vil	adjective	spa	vile	adjective	ita
vinculado	adjective	spa	collegato	adjective	ita
violento	adjective	spa	violento	adjective	ita
viral	adjective	spa	virale	adjective	ita
virgen	adjective	spa	vergine	adjective	ita
virginal	adjective	spa	verginale	adjective	ita
viril	adjective	spa	virile	adjective	ita
virtual	adjective	spa	virtuale	adjective	ita
virtuoso	adjective	spa	virtuoso	adjective	ita
visceral	adjective	spa	viscerale	adjective	ita
viscoso	adjective	spa	viscoso	adjective	ita
visible	adjective	spa	visibile	adjective	ita
vistoso	adjective	spa	vistoso	adjective	ita
visual	adjective	spa	visuale	adjective	ita
visual	adjective	spa	visivo	adjective	ita
visual	adjective	spa	visivo	adjective	ita
visual	adjective	spa	visivo	adjective	ita
vital	adjective	spa	vitale	adjective	ita
viudo	adjective	spa	vedovo	adjective	ita
vivaz	adjective	spa	vivace	adjective	ita
viviente	adjective	spa	vivente	adjective	ita
vivo	adjective	spa	vivo	adjective	ita
vocal	adjective	spa	vocale	adjective	ita
volador	adjective	spa	volante	adjective	ita
volador	adjective	spa	volante	adjective	ita
volador	adjective	spa	volante	adjective	ita
volcánico	adjective	spa	vulcanico	adjective	ita
voluminoso	adjective	spa	voluminoso	adjective	ita
voluntario	adjective	spa	volontario	adjective	ita
vuestro	adjective	spa	vostro	adjective	ita
vulgar	adjective	spa	volgare	adjective	ita
vulnerable	adjective	spa	vulnerabile	adjective	ita
válido	adjective	spa	valido	adjective	ita
yugoslavo	adjective	spa	iugoslavo	adjective	ita
zaragozano	adjective	spa	saragozzano	adjective	ita
ácido	adjective	spa	acido	adjective	ita
ácido	adjective	spa	acido	adjective	ita
ágil	adjective	spa	agile	adjective	ita
árabe	adjective	spa	arabo	adjective	ita
árabe	adjective	spa	arabo	adjective	ita
árabe	adjective	spa	arabo	adjective	ita
árido	adjective	spa	arido	adjective	ita
ávido	adjective	spa	avido	adjective	ita
épico	adjective	spa	epico	adjective	ita
ético	adjective	spa	etico	adjective	ita
étnico	adjective	spa	etnico	adjective	ita
íntimo	adjective	spa	intimo	adjective	ita
óptico	adjective	spa	ottico	adjective	ita
óptimo	adjective	spa	ottimale	adjective	ita
óptimo	adjective	spa	ottimale	adjective	ita
óptimo	adjective	spa	ottimale	adjective	ita
óseo	adjective	spa	osseo	adjective	ita
óseo	adjective	spa	osseo	adjective	ita
último	adjective	spa	ultimo	adjective	ita
único	adjective	spa	unico	adjective	ita
único	adjective	spa	singolo	adjective	ita
útil	adjective	spa	utile	adjective	ita
'ndrangheta	noun	spa	'ndrangheta	noun	ita
AB	noun	spa	AB	noun	ita
ADN	noun	spa	DNA	noun	ita
AG	noun	spa	AG	noun	ita
AIMS	noun	spa	AIMS	noun	ita
AIPB	noun	spa	Aipb	noun	ita
AK	noun	spa	AK	noun	ita
AO	noun	spa	AO	noun	ita
AO	noun	spa	AO	noun	ita
ARN	noun	spa	RNA	noun	ita
ASL	noun	spa	Asl	noun	ita
ATM	noun	spa	bancomat	noun	ita
ATM	noun	spa	bancomat	noun	ita
ATM	noun	spa	bancomat	noun	ita
ATP	noun	spa	PTA	noun	ita
AV	noun	spa	AV	noun	ita
Argelia	noun	spa	Algeria	noun	ita
BBC	noun	spa	BBC	noun	ita
BBVA	noun	spa	BBVA	noun	ita
BCE	noun	spa	Bce	noun	ita
BF	noun	spa	BF	noun	ita
BF	noun	spa	BF	noun	ita
BG	noun	spa	BG	noun	ita
BJ	noun	spa	BJ	noun	ita
BOT	noun	spa	BOT	noun	ita
BTP	noun	spa	Btp	noun	ita
Bin	noun	spa	Bin	noun	ita
Brexit	noun	spa	Brexit	noun	ita
CA	noun	spa	CA	noun	ita
CCT	noun	spa	CCT	noun	ita
CCTeu	noun	spa	CCTeu	noun	ita
CD	noun	spa	CD	noun	ita
CEO	noun	spa	CEO	noun	ita
CERN	noun	spa	CERN	noun	ita
CIA	noun	spa	CIA	noun	ita
CNN	noun	spa	CNN	noun	ita
CO	noun	spa	CO	noun	ita
CR	noun	spa	CR	noun	ita
CR	noun	spa	CR	noun	ita
CRISPR	noun	spa	CRISPR	noun	ita
CT	noun	spa	TPP	noun	ita
Center	noun	spa	Center	noun	ita
DARPA	noun	spa	DARPA	noun	ita
DC	noun	spa	DC	noun	ita
DEG	noun	spa	DSP	noun	ita
DH	noun	spa	DH	noun	ita
DJ	noun	spa	DJ	noun	ita
DP	noun	spa	DP	noun	ita
DP	noun	spa	DP	noun	ita
DVD	noun	spa	DVD	noun	ita
Dr	noun	spa	Dr	noun	ita
Dr	noun	spa	Dr	noun	ita
Dr	noun	spa	Dr	noun	ita
Dr	noun	spa	Dr	noun	ita
Dr	noun	spa	Dr	noun	ita
Dr	noun	spa	Dr	noun	ita
EDI	noun	spa	EDI	noun	ita
EDI	noun	spa	EDI	noun	ita
EE	noun	spa	EE	noun	ita
EFSF	noun	spa	FEEF	noun	ita
ELA	noun	spa	SLA	noun	ita
EM	noun	spa	SM	noun	ita
FAO	noun	spa	Fao	noun	ita
FAS	noun	spa	Fas	noun	ita
ETA	noun	spa	ETA	noun	ita
FBI	noun	spa	FBI	noun	ita
FDA	noun	spa	FDA	noun	ita
FG	noun	spa	FG	noun	ita
FMI	noun	spa	Fmi	noun	ita
FSB	noun	spa	FSB	noun	ita
Facebook	noun	spa	Facebook	noun	ita
Flickr	properNoun	spa	Flickr	properNoun	ita
GG	noun	spa	GG	noun	ita
Gary	noun	spa	Gary	noun	ita
HG	noun	spa	H.G.	noun	ita
HP	noun	spa	HP	noun	ita
IA	noun	spa	IA	noun	ita
IBI	noun	spa	Ici	noun	ita
IBM	noun	spa	IBM	noun	ita
Ictu	noun	spa	Ictu	noun	ita
International	noun	spa	Internatinal	noun	ita
Ipsos	noun	spa	Ipsos	noun	ita
Istat	noun	spa	Istat	noun	ita
JC	noun	spa	JC	noun	ita
JF	noun	spa	JF	noun	ita
JH	noun	spa	JH	noun	ita
JS	noun	spa	JS	noun	ita
KA	noun	spa	KA	noun	ita
KB	noun	spa	KB	noun	ita
LED	noun	spa	LED	noun	ita
LGBT	noun	spa	LGBT	noun	ita
MG	noun	spa	MG	noun	ita
MGF	noun	spa	MGF	noun	ita
MIT	noun	spa	MIT	noun	ita
MK	noun	spa	MK	noun	ita
Mola	noun	spa	Mola	noun	ita
NSA	noun	spa	NSA	noun	ita
O.S.S	noun	spa	OSS	noun	ita
OCDE	noun	spa	OCSE	noun	ita
ODM	noun	spa	OSM	noun	ita
OK	noun	spa	OK	noun	ita
ONG	noun	spa	ONG	noun	ita
ONU	noun	spa	ONU	noun	ita
OTAN	noun	spa	NATO	noun	ita
PH	noun	spa	PH	noun	ita
PIB	noun	spa	Pil	noun	ita
PNV	noun	spa	PNV	noun	ita
PP	noun	spa	PP	noun	ita
PSC	noun	spa	PSC	noun	ita
PSOE	noun	spa	PSOE	noun	ita
Palestina	noun	spa	Palestina	noun	ita
Parkinson	noun	spa	Parkinson	noun	ita
Princeton	noun	spa	Princeton	noun	ita
RG	noun	spa	RG	noun	ita
RISD	noun	spa	RISD	noun	ita
SB	noun	spa	SB	noun	ita
SDG	noun	spa	SDG	noun	ita
SMS	noun	spa	SMS	noun	ita
SSCN	noun	spa	SSCN	noun	ita
SW	noun	spa	SW	noun	ita
Salomón	noun	spa	Salomone	noun	ita
School	noun	spa	School	noun	ita
Senegal	noun	spa	Senegal	noun	ita
Siberia	noun	spa	Siberia	noun	ita
Somalia	noun	spa	Somalia	noun	ita
TAC	noun	spa	TAC	noun	ita
TAV	noun	spa	Tav	noun	ita
TTIP	noun	spa	TTIP	noun	ita
TV	noun	spa	TV	noun	ita
Tesoro	noun	spa	Tesoro	noun	ita
UA	noun	spa	UA	noun	ita
UE	noun	spa	Ue	noun	ita
UEFA	noun	spa	UEFA	noun	ita
UGT	noun	spa	UGT	noun	ita
UHF	noun	spa	UHF	noun	ita
UPC	noun	spa	UPC	noun	ita
UPV	noun	spa	UPV	noun	ita
URL	noun	spa	URL	noun	ita
VIH	noun	spa	HIV	noun	ita
VIH	noun	spa	HIV	noun	ita
VPO	noun	spa	VPO	noun	ita
XXI	noun	spa	ventunesimo	noun	ita
abad	noun	spa	abate	noun	ita
abad	noun	spa	abate	noun	ita
abad	noun	spa	abate	noun	ita
abadía	noun	spa	abbazia	noun	ita
abandono	noun	spa	abbandono	noun	ita
abanico	noun	spa	ventaglio	noun	ita
abastecimiento	noun	spa	rifornimento	noun	ita
abatimiento	noun	spa	abbattimento	noun	ita
abdicación	noun	spa	abdicazione	noun	ita
abdomen	noun	spa	addome	noun	ita
abdomen	noun	spa	pancia	noun	ita
abecedario	noun	spa	abbecedario	noun	ita
abeja	noun	spa	ape	noun	ita
aberración	noun	spa	aberrazione	noun	ita
abeto	noun	spa	abete	noun	ita
abismo	noun	spa	baratro	noun	ita
abismo	noun	spa	abisso	noun	ita
ablación	noun	spa	ablazione	noun	ita
ablandamiento	noun	spa	blandimento	noun	ita
abnegación	noun	spa	abnegazione	noun	ita
abogacía	noun	spa	avvocatura	noun	ita
abogado	noun	spa	avvocato	noun	ita
abogado	noun	spa	avvocato	noun	ita
abogado	noun	spa	avvocato	noun	ita
abolición	noun	spa	abolizione	noun	ita
abonado	noun	spa	abbonato	noun	ita
abono	noun	spa	concime	noun	ita
abono	noun	spa	abbonamento	noun	ita
abono	noun	spa	concimazione	noun	ita
abordaje	noun	spa	abbordaggio	noun	ita
aborigen	noun	spa	aborigeno	noun	ita
aborigen	noun	spa	aborigeno	noun	ita
aborigen	noun	spa	aborigeno	noun	ita
aborto	noun	spa	aborto	noun	ita
abrazo	noun	spa	abbraccio	noun	ita
abreviación	noun	spa	abbreviazione	noun	ita
abrigo	noun	spa	riparo	noun	ita
abril	noun	spa	aprile	noun	ita
abrogación	noun	spa	abrogazione	noun	ita
absceso	noun	spa	ascesso	noun	ita
absentismo	noun	spa	assenteismo	noun	ita
absolución	noun	spa	assoluzione	noun	ita
absolutismo	noun	spa	assolutismo	noun	ita
absoluto	noun	spa	assoluto	noun	ita
absorbente	noun	spa	assorbente	noun	ita
absorción	noun	spa	assorbimento	noun	ita
absorción	noun	spa	assorbimento	noun	ita
abstención	noun	spa	astensione	noun	ita
abstinencia	noun	spa	astinenza	noun	ita
abstracción	noun	spa	astrazione	noun	ita
abstracto	noun	spa	astratto	noun	ita
absurdo	noun	spa	assurdo	noun	ita
abuelo	noun	spa	nonno	noun	ita
abundancia	noun	spa	pletora	noun	ita
abundancia	noun	spa	abbondanza	noun	ita
aburrimiento	noun	spa	noia	noun	ita
abuso	noun	spa	abuso	noun	ita
acabado	noun	spa	rifinitura	noun	ita
academia	noun	spa	accademia	noun	ita
acantilado	noun	spa	scogliera	noun	ita
accesibilidad	noun	spa	accessibilità	noun	ita
accesibilidad	noun	spa	accessibilità	noun	ita
accesibilidad	noun	spa	accessibilità	noun	ita
acceso	noun	spa	accesso	noun	ita
accesorio	noun	spa	accessorio	noun	ita
accidente	noun	spa	incidente	noun	ita
accidente cerebrovascular	noun	spa	ictus	noun	ita
accionista	noun	spa	azionista	noun	ita
accionista	noun	spa	azionista	noun	ita
accionista	noun	spa	azionista	noun	ita
acción	noun	spa	azione	noun	ita
aceite	noun	spa	olio	noun	ita
aceituna	noun	spa	oliva	noun	ita
aceleración	noun	spa	accelerazione	noun	ita
aceleración	noun	spa	velocizzazione	noun	ita
acelerador	noun	spa	acceleratore	noun	ita
acento	noun	spa	accento	noun	ita
acentuación	noun	spa	accentuazione	noun	ita
acepción	noun	spa	accezione	noun	ita
aceptación	noun	spa	accettazione	noun	ita
acera	noun	spa	marciapiede	noun	ita
acercamiento	noun	spa	avvicinamento	noun	ita
acero	noun	spa	acciaio	noun	ita
acertijo	noun	spa	enigma	noun	ita
acetato	noun	spa	acetato	noun	ita
acidez	noun	spa	acidità	noun	ita
acidez	noun	spa	acidità	noun	ita
acidez	noun	spa	acidità	noun	ita
aclamación	noun	spa	acclamazione	noun	ita
aclimatación	noun	spa	acclimatazione	noun	ita
acogida	noun	spa	accoglienza	noun	ita
acogimiento	noun	spa	affidamento	noun	ita
acomodación	noun	spa	accomodazione	noun	ita
acontecimiento	noun	spa	evento	noun	ita
acontecimiento	noun	spa	vicenda	noun	ita
acordeonista	noun	spa	fisarmonicista	noun	ita
acordeonista	noun	spa	fisarmonicista	noun	ita
acordeonista	noun	spa	fisarmonicista	noun	ita
acordeón	noun	spa	fisarmonica	noun	ita
acoso	noun	spa	aggressione	noun	ita
acreditación	noun	spa	accreditamento	noun	ita
acreedor	noun	spa	creditore	noun	ita
acrimonia	noun	spa	acrimonia	noun	ita
acrobacia	noun	spa	acrobazia	noun	ita
acróbata	noun	spa	acrobata	noun	ita
acróbata	noun	spa	acrobata	noun	ita
acróbata	noun	spa	acrobata	noun	ita
acrónimo	noun	spa	acronimo	noun	ita
acta	noun	spa	atto	noun	ita
actitud	noun	spa	atteggiamento	noun	ita
actitud	noun	spa	attitudine	noun	ita
activación	noun	spa	limite	noun	ita
activación	noun	spa	attivazione	noun	ita
actividad	noun	spa	attività	noun	ita
actividad	noun	spa	attività	noun	ita
actividad	noun	spa	attività	noun	ita
activismo	noun	spa	attivismo	noun	ita
activista	noun	spa	attivista	noun	ita
activista	noun	spa	attivista	noun	ita
activista	noun	spa	attivista	noun	ita
activista	noun	spa	attivista	noun	ita
acto	noun	spa	atto	noun	ita
actor	noun	spa	attore	noun	ita
actuación	noun	spa	spettacolo	noun	ita
actuación	noun	spa	attuazione	noun	ita
actualidad	noun	spa	attualità	noun	ita
actualidad	noun	spa	attualità	noun	ita
actualidad	noun	spa	attualità	noun	ita
actualización	noun	spa	aggiornamento	noun	ita
acuarela	noun	spa	acquerello	noun	ita
acuario	noun	spa	acquario	noun	ita
acueducto	noun	spa	acquedotto	noun	ita
acuerdo	noun	spa	accordo	noun	ita
acumulación	noun	spa	accumulazione	noun	ita
acumulación	noun	spa	cumulo	noun	ita
acumulación	noun	spa	cumulo	noun	ita
acumulador	noun	spa	accumulatore	noun	ita
acupuntura	noun	spa	agopuntura	noun	ita
acusación	noun	spa	accusa	noun	ita
acuñación	noun	spa	coniazione	noun	ita
acústica	noun	spa	acustica	noun	ita
adaptabilidad	noun	spa	adattabilità	noun	ita
adaptabilidad	noun	spa	adattabilità	noun	ita
adaptabilidad	noun	spa	adattabilità	noun	ita
adaptación	noun	spa	adattamento	noun	ita
adaptación	noun	spa	adeguamento	noun	ita
adhesión	noun	spa	adesione	noun	ita
adicción	noun	spa	dipendenza	noun	ita
adición	noun	spa	addizione	noun	ita
adicto	noun	spa	dipendente	noun	ita
adicto	noun	spa	dipendente	noun	ita
aditivo	noun	spa	additivo	noun	ita
adivino	noun	spa	indovino	noun	ita
adiós	noun	spa	addio	noun	ita
adjetivo	noun	spa	aggettivo	noun	ita
adjudicación	noun	spa	aggiudicazione	noun	ita
administración	noun	spa	amministrazione	noun	ita
administrador	noun	spa	amministratore	noun	ita
administrativo	noun	spa	amministrativo	noun	ita
admiración	noun	spa	ammirazione	noun	ita
admisión	noun	spa	ammissione	noun	ita
adobo	noun	spa	addobbo	noun	ita
adolescencia	noun	spa	adolescenza	noun	ita
adolescente	noun	spa	adolescente	noun	ita
adolescente	noun	spa	adolescente	noun	ita
adopción	noun	spa	adozione	noun	ita
adoquinado	noun	spa	pavé	noun	ita
adoquinado	noun	spa	pavé	noun	ita
adoquinado	noun	spa	pavé	noun	ita
adoquín	noun	spa	selce	noun	ita
adoración	noun	spa	adorazione	noun	ita
adorno	noun	spa	adorno	noun	ita
adquisición	noun	spa	acquisizione	noun	ita
adrenalina	noun	spa	adrenalina	noun	ita
aduana	noun	spa	dogana	noun	ita
adulación	noun	spa	adulazione	noun	ita
adulador	noun	spa	adulatore	noun	ita
adulteración	noun	spa	adulterazione	noun	ita
adulterio	noun	spa	adulterio	noun	ita
advenimiento	noun	spa	avvento	noun	ita
adverbio	noun	spa	avverbio	noun	ita
adversario	noun	spa	avversario	noun	ita
adversidad	noun	spa	avversità	noun	ita
adversidad	noun	spa	avversità	noun	ita
adversidad	noun	spa	avversità	noun	ita
advertencia	noun	spa	avvertimento	noun	ita
aerodinámica	noun	spa	aerodinamica	noun	ita
aerolínea	noun	spa	aerolinea	noun	ita
aeronave	noun	spa	aeromobile	noun	ita
aeronave	noun	spa	velivolo	noun	ita
aeroplano	noun	spa	aeroplano	noun	ita
aeropuerto	noun	spa	aeroporto	noun	ita
aeródromo	noun	spa	aerodromo	noun	ita
afabilidad	noun	spa	affabilità	noun	ita
afabilidad	noun	spa	affabilità	noun	ita
afabilidad	noun	spa	affabilità	noun	ita
afasia	noun	spa	afasia	noun	ita
afección	noun	spa	affezione	noun	ita
afecto	noun	spa	affetto	noun	ita
aficionado	noun	spa	amatore	noun	ita
afición	noun	spa	hobby	noun	ita
afiliación	noun	spa	affiliazione	noun	ita
afinidad	noun	spa	affinità	noun	ita
afinidad	noun	spa	affinità	noun	ita
afinidad	noun	spa	affinità	noun	ita
afirmación	noun	spa	affermazione	noun	ita
afluencia	noun	spa	affluenza	noun	ita
afluente	noun	spa	affluente	noun	ita
aflujo	noun	spa	afflusso	noun	ita
aforismo	noun	spa	aforisma	noun	ita
afrodisíaco	noun	spa	afrodisiaco	noun	ita
afta	noun	spa	afta	noun	ita
afta	noun	spa	afta	noun	ita
afta	noun	spa	afta	noun	ita
afueras	noun	spa	dintorni	noun	ita
afueras	noun	spa	dintorni	noun	ita
afueras	noun	spa	dintorni	noun	ita
agarradero	noun	spa	appiglio	noun	ita
agencia	noun	spa	agenzia	noun	ita
agenda	noun	spa	agenda	noun	ita
agente	noun	spa	agente	noun	ita
agilidad	noun	spa	agilità	noun	ita
agilidad	noun	spa	agilità	noun	ita
agilidad	noun	spa	agilità	noun	ita
agitación	noun	spa	agitazione	noun	ita
agitador	noun	spa	fomentatore	noun	ita
aglomeración	noun	spa	agglomerazione	noun	ita
aglutinación	noun	spa	agglutinazione	noun	ita
agonía	noun	spa	agonia	noun	ita
agosto	noun	spa	agosto	noun	ita
agotamiento	noun	spa	esaurimento	noun	ita
agradecimiento	noun	spa	ringraziamento	noun	ita
agravamiento	noun	spa	degradazione	noun	ita
agregación	noun	spa	aggregazione	noun	ita
agregado	noun	spa	aggiunto	noun	ita
agresividad	noun	spa	aggressività	noun	ita
agresividad	noun	spa	aggressività	noun	ita
agresividad	noun	spa	aggressività	noun	ita
agresión	noun	spa	aggressione	noun	ita
agresor	noun	spa	aggressore	noun	ita
agricultor	noun	spa	agricoltore	noun	ita
agricultura	noun	spa	agricoltura	noun	ita
agronomía	noun	spa	agronomia	noun	ita
agroquímico	noun	spa	agrochimico	noun	ita
agrupación	noun	spa	raggruppazione	noun	ita
agua	noun	spa	acqua	noun	ita
aguanieve	noun	spa	acquaneve	noun	ita
aguardiente	noun	spa	acquavite	noun	ita
aguja	noun	spa	ago	noun	ita
agujero	noun	spa	buco	noun	ita
ahogamiento	noun	spa	annegamento	noun	ita
ahorrista	noun	spa	risparmiatore	noun	ita
ahorrista	noun	spa	risparmiatore	noun	ita
ahorrista	noun	spa	risparmiatore	noun	ita
ahorrativo	adjective	spa	parsimonioso	adjective	ita
ahorro	noun	spa	risparmio	noun	ita
aire	noun	spa	aria	noun	ita
aislamiento	noun	spa	isolamento	noun	ita
ajedrez	noun	spa	scacchi	noun	ita
ajedrez	noun	spa	scacchi	noun	ita
ajedrez	noun	spa	scacchi	noun	ita
ajo	noun	spa	aglio	noun	ita
ayuntamiento	noun	spa	comune	noun	ita
ajuste	noun	spa	aggiustamento	noun	ita
ala	noun	spa	ala	noun	ita
alambique	noun	spa	alambicco	noun	ita
alambre	noun	spa	filo	noun	ita
alarma	noun	spa	allarme	noun	ita
albahaca	noun	spa	basilico	noun	ita
albanés	noun	spa	albanese	noun	ita
albanés	noun	spa	albanese	noun	ita
albanés	noun	spa	albanese	noun	ita
albaricoque	noun	spa	albicocca	noun	ita
albatros	noun	spa	albatros	noun	ita
albatros	noun	spa	albatros	noun	ita
albatros	noun	spa	albatros	noun	ita
albatros	noun	spa	albatros	noun	ita
albatros	noun	spa	albatros	noun	ita
albañil	noun	spa	muratore	noun	ita
albañilería	noun	spa	muratura	noun	ita
albergue	noun	spa	albergo	noun	ita
alcachofa	noun	spa	carciofo	noun	ita
alcalde	noun	spa	sindaco	noun	ita
alcalde	noun	spa	sindaco	noun	ita
alcalde	noun	spa	sindaco	noun	ita
alcalinidad	noun	spa	alcalinità	noun	ita
alcalinidad	noun	spa	alcalinità	noun	ita
alcalinidad	noun	spa	alcalinità	noun	ita
alcance	noun	spa	raggio	noun	ita
alcance	noun	spa	portata	noun	ita
alcoba	noun	spa	alcova	noun	ita
alcohol	noun	spa	alcool	noun	ita
alcohol	noun	spa	alcool	noun	ita
alcohol	noun	spa	alcool	noun	ita
alcohol	noun	spa	alcol	noun	ita
alcoholismo	noun	spa	alcolismo	noun	ita
alcohólico	noun	spa	alcolico	noun	ita
aldea	noun	spa	villaggio	noun	ita
aleación	noun	spa	lega	noun	ita
alegoría	noun	spa	allegoria	noun	ita
alegría	noun	spa	allegria	noun	ita
alegría	noun	spa	gioia	noun	ita
alemán	noun	spa	tedesco	noun	ita
alergia	noun	spa	allergia	noun	ita
alergología	noun	spa	allergologia	noun	ita
alerta	noun	spa	allerta	noun	ita
alerta	noun	spa	allerta	noun	ita
alerta	noun	spa	allerta	noun	ita
aleta	noun	spa	pinna	noun	ita
aleta	noun	spa	pinna	noun	ita
alfabetización	noun	spa	alfabetizzazione	noun	ita
alfabeto	noun	spa	alfabeto	noun	ita
alfiler	noun	spa	spilla	noun	ita
alfombra	noun	spa	tappeto	noun	ita
alga	noun	spa	alga	noun	ita
algodón	noun	spa	cotone	noun	ita
algoritmo	noun	spa	algoritmo	noun	ita
alguien	noun	spa	qualcun	noun	ita
aliado	noun	spa	alleato	noun	ita
alianza	noun	spa	alleanza	noun	ita
alicantino	noun	spa	alicantino	noun	ita
alienación	noun	spa	alienazione	noun	ita
aliento	noun	spa	fiato	noun	ita
aligator	noun	spa	alligatore	noun	ita
aligeramiento	noun	spa	alleggerimento	noun	ita
alimentación	noun	spa	alimentazione	noun	ita
alimentación	noun	spa	mangime	noun	ita
alimento	noun	spa	alimento	noun	ita
alimento	noun	spa	alimento	noun	ita
alineación	noun	spa	schieramento	noun	ita
alivio	noun	spa	sollievo	noun	ita
alivio	noun	spa	attenuazione	noun	ita
alma	noun	spa	anima	noun	ita
almacenamiento	noun	spa	stoccaggio	noun	ita
almacenamiento	noun	spa	immagazzinamento	noun	ita
almacén	noun	spa	magazzino	noun	ita
almanaque	noun	spa	almanacco	noun	ita
almendra	noun	spa	mandorla	noun	ita
almendro	noun	spa	mandorlo	noun	ita
almirante	noun	spa	ammiraglio	noun	ita
almirante	noun	spa	ammiraglio	noun	ita
almirante	noun	spa	ammiraglio	noun	ita
almuerzo	noun	spa	spuntino	noun	ita
almuédano	noun	spa	muezzin	noun	ita
alojamiento	noun	spa	alloggio	noun	ita
alpinismo	noun	spa	alpinismo	noun	ita
alpino	noun	spa	alpino	noun	ita
alquiler	noun	spa	affitto	noun	ita
alquimista	noun	spa	alchimista	noun	ita
alquimista	noun	spa	alchimista	noun	ita
alquimista	noun	spa	alchimista	noun	ita
alquimista	adjective	spa	alchimista	adjective	ita
alquitrán	noun	spa	catrame	noun	ita
altar	noun	spa	altare	noun	ita
altavoz	noun	spa	altoparlante	noun	ita
altavoz	noun	spa	altoparlante	noun	ita
alteración	noun	spa	alterazione	noun	ita
altercado	noun	spa	conflitto	noun	ita
alternativa	noun	spa	alternativa	noun	ita
altitud	noun	spa	altitudine	noun	ita
alto	noun	spa	alto	noun	ita
altruismo	noun	spa	altruismo	noun	ita
altruista	noun	spa	altruista	noun	ita
altura	noun	spa	altezza	noun	ita
alucinación	noun	spa	allucinazione	noun	ita
alud	noun	spa	valanga	noun	ita
aluminio	noun	spa	alluminio	noun	ita
alumno	noun	spa	alunno	noun	ita
alumno	noun	spa	allievo	noun	ita
alusión	noun	spa	allusione	noun	ita
aluvión	noun	spa	alluvione	noun	ita
alícuota	noun	spa	aliquota	noun	ita
ama de casa	noun	spa	casalinga	noun	ita
amabilidad	noun	spa	amabilità	noun	ita
amabilidad	noun	spa	amabilità	noun	ita
amabilidad	noun	spa	amabilità	noun	ita
amabilidad	noun	spa	gentilezza	noun	ita
amado	noun	spa	amato	noun	ita
amalgama	noun	spa	amalgama	noun	ita
amante	noun	spa	amante	noun	ita
ambicioso	noun	spa	ambizioso	noun	ita
ambición	noun	spa	ambizione	noun	ita
ambientación	noun	spa	ambientazione	noun	ita
ambientalista	noun	spa	ambientalista	noun	ita
ambientalista	noun	spa	ambientalista	noun	ita
ambientalista	noun	spa	ambientalista	noun	ita
ambiente	noun	spa	ambiente	noun	ita
ambigüedad	noun	spa	ambiguità	noun	ita
ambigüedad	noun	spa	ambiguità	noun	ita
ambigüedad	noun	spa	ambiguità	noun	ita
ambulancia	noun	spa	ambulanza	noun	ita
amenaza	noun	spa	minaccia	noun	ita
americano	noun	spa	americano	noun	ita
amianto	noun	spa	amianto	noun	ita
amigo	noun	spa	amico	noun	ita
aminoácido	noun	spa	amminoacido	noun	ita
amistad	noun	spa	amicizia	noun	ita
amnesia	noun	spa	amnesia	noun	ita
amo	noun	spa	padrone	noun	ita
amoblamiento	noun	spa	arredamento	noun	ita
amor	noun	spa	amore	noun	ita
amortiguador	noun	spa	ammortizzatore	noun	ita
amortización	noun	spa	ammortamento	noun	ita
ampliación	noun	spa	ampliamento	noun	ita
amplificación	noun	spa	amplificazione	noun	ita
amplificador	noun	spa	amplificatore	noun	ita
amplitud	noun	spa	ampiezza	noun	ita
ampolla	noun	spa	vescica	noun	ita
amén	noun	spa	amen	noun	ita
amígdala	noun	spa	amigdala	noun	ita
anacoreta	noun	spa	eremita	noun	ita
anacronismo	noun	spa	anacronismo	noun	ita
anal	noun	spa	annale	noun	ita
analista	noun	spa	analista	noun	ita
analista	noun	spa	analista	noun	ita
analista	noun	spa	analista	noun	ita
analista	noun	spa	analista	noun	ita
analogía	noun	spa	analogia	noun	ita
anarquismo	noun	spa	anarchismo	noun	ita
anarquista	noun	spa	anarchico	noun	ita
anarquista	noun	spa	anarchico	noun	ita
anarquista	noun	spa	anarchico	noun	ita
anatema	noun	spa	anatema	noun	ita
anatomía	noun	spa	anatomia	noun	ita
ancestro	noun	spa	antenato	noun	ita
ancestro	noun	spa	antenato	noun	ita
ancestro	noun	spa	antenato	noun	ita
anchoa	noun	spa	acciuga	noun	ita
anchura	noun	spa	larghezza	noun	ita
anciano	noun	spa	anziano	noun	ita
ancla	noun	spa	ancora	noun	ita
andaluz	noun	spa	andaluso	noun	ita
andamio	noun	spa	impalcatura	noun	ita
andrajo	noun	spa	brandello	noun	ita
anemia	noun	spa	anemia	noun	ita
anestesia	noun	spa	anestesia	noun	ita
anexo	noun	spa	allegato	noun	ita
anfibio	noun	spa	anfibio	noun	ita
anfiteatro	noun	spa	anfiteatro	noun	ita
anfitrión	noun	spa	anfitrione	noun	ita
anfitrión	noun	spa	anfitrione	noun	ita
anfitrión	noun	spa	anfitrione	noun	ita
angiogénesis	noun	spa	angiogenesi	noun	ita
angiogénesis	noun	spa	angiogenesi	noun	ita
anglosajón	noun	spa	anglosassone	noun	ita
anglosajón	noun	spa	anglosassone	noun	ita
anglosajón	noun	spa	anglosassone	noun	ita
angulación	noun	spa	angolazione	noun	ita
angustia	noun	spa	angoscia	noun	ita
anhelo	noun	spa	desiderio	noun	ita
anhídrido	noun	spa	anidride	noun	ita
anhídrido	noun	spa	anidride	noun	ita
anhídrido	noun	spa	anidride	noun	ita
anillo	noun	spa	anello	noun	ita
animación	noun	spa	animazione	noun	ita
animal	noun	spa	animale	noun	ita
aniquilación	noun	spa	annichilazione	noun	ita
aniversario	noun	spa	anniversario	noun	ita
ano	noun	spa	ano	noun	ita
anomalía	noun	spa	anormalità	noun	ita
anomalía	noun	spa	anormalità	noun	ita
anomalía	noun	spa	anormalità	noun	ita
anomalía	noun	spa	anomalia	noun	ita
anonimato	noun	spa	anonimato	noun	ita
anorak	noun	spa	anorak	noun	ita
anorak	noun	spa	anorak	noun	ita
anorak	noun	spa	anorak	noun	ita
anorexia	noun	spa	anoressia	noun	ita
anotación	noun	spa	annotazione	noun	ita
ansia	noun	spa	ansia	noun	ita
ansiedad	noun	spa	ansia	noun	ita
ansioso	noun	spa	ansioso	noun	ita
antagonista	noun	spa	antagonista	noun	ita
antagonista	noun	spa	antagonista	noun	ita
antagonista	noun	spa	antagonista	noun	ita
antena	noun	spa	antenna	noun	ita
antepasado	noun	spa	antenato	noun	ita
antesala	noun	spa	anticamera	noun	ita
antibiótico	noun	spa	antibiotico	noun	ita
anticiclón	noun	spa	anticiclone	noun	ita
anticipación	noun	spa	anticipazione	noun	ita
anticipo	noun	spa	anticipo	noun	ita
anticoagulante	noun	spa	anticoagulante	noun	ita
anticuerpo	noun	spa	anticorpo	noun	ita
antigüedad	noun	spa	antichità	noun	ita
antigüedad	noun	spa	antichità	noun	ita
antigüedad	noun	spa	antichità	noun	ita
antonomasia	noun	spa	antonomasia	noun	ita
antropología	noun	spa	antropologia	noun	ita
antropólogo	noun	spa	antropologo	noun	ita
antropólogo	noun	spa	antropologo	noun	ita
antídoto	noun	spa	antidoto	noun	ita
antílope	noun	spa	antilope	noun	ita
antípodas	noun	spa	antipodi	noun	ita
antípodas	noun	spa	antipodi	noun	ita
antípodas	noun	spa	antipodi	noun	ita
antítesis	noun	spa	antitesi	noun	ita
antónimo	noun	spa	antonimo	noun	ita
anuario	noun	spa	annuario	noun	ita
anulación	noun	spa	annullamento	noun	ita
anunciación	noun	spa	annunciazione	noun	ita
anuncio	noun	spa	annuncio	noun	ita
anuncio	noun	spa	spot	noun	ita
análisis	noun	spa	analisi	noun	ita
anárquico	noun	spa	anarchico	noun	ita
anécdota	noun	spa	aneddoto	noun	ita
anónimo	noun	spa	anonimo	noun	ita
apaciguamiento	noun	spa	pacificazione	noun	ita
apalancamiento	noun	spa	effetto leva	noun	ita
aparador	noun	spa	credenza	noun	ita
aparato	noun	spa	apparecchio	noun	ita
aparato	noun	spa	apparecchio	noun	ita
aparcamiento	noun	spa	parcheggio	noun	ita
apareamiento	noun	spa	accoppiamento	noun	ita
apareamiento	noun	spa	accoppiamento	noun	ita
aparición	noun	spa	apparizione	noun	ita
apariencia	noun	spa	apparenza	noun	ita
apariencia	noun	spa	veste	noun	ita
apariencia	noun	spa	parvenza	noun	ita
apartamento	noun	spa	appartamento	noun	ita
apartheid	noun	spa	apartheid	noun	ita
apartheid	noun	spa	apartheid	noun	ita
apartheid	noun	spa	apartheid	noun	ita
apatía	noun	spa	apatia	noun	ita
apego	noun	spa	attaccamento	noun	ita
apelación	noun	spa	appello	noun	ita
apellido	noun	spa	cognome	noun	ita
aperitivo	noun	spa	aperitivo	noun	ita
apertura	noun	spa	apertura	noun	ita
apetito	noun	spa	appetito	noun	ita
apicultor	noun	spa	apicoltore	noun	ita
apio	noun	spa	sedano	noun	ita
aplauso	noun	spa	applauso	noun	ita
aplicabilidad	noun	spa	applicabilità	noun	ita
aplicabilidad	noun	spa	applicabilità	noun	ita
aplicabilidad	noun	spa	applicabilità	noun	ita
aplicación	noun	spa	applicazione	noun	ita
app	noun	spa	app	noun	ita
app	noun	spa	app	noun	ita
app	noun	spa	app	noun	ita
apnea	noun	spa	apnea	noun	ita
apocalipsis	noun	spa	apocalisse	noun	ita
apocalipsis	noun	spa	apocalisse	noun	ita
apocalipsis	noun	spa	apocalisse	noun	ita
apología	noun	spa	apologia	noun	ita
aportación	noun	spa	apporto	noun	ita
aporía	noun	spa	aporia	noun	ita
apoyo	noun	spa	supporto	noun	ita
apoyo	noun	spa	appoggio	noun	ita
aplicativo	adjective	spa	applicativo	adjective	ita
apreciación	noun	spa	apprezzamento	noun	ita
aprendiz	noun	spa	apprendista	noun	ita
aprendiz	noun	spa	apprendista	noun	ita
aprendiz	noun	spa	apprendista	noun	ita
aprendizaje	noun	spa	apprendimento	noun	ita
aprobación	noun	spa	approvazione	noun	ita
apropiación	noun	spa	appropriazione	noun	ita
aproximación	noun	spa	ravvicinamento	noun	ita
aproximación	noun	spa	approssimazione	noun	ita
aptitud	noun	spa	abilità	noun	ita
aptitud	noun	spa	abilità	noun	ita
apuesta	noun	spa	scommessa	noun	ita
apéndice	noun	spa	appendice	noun	ita
apóstol	noun	spa	apostolo	noun	ita
aragonés	noun	spa	aragonese	noun	ita
aragonés	noun	spa	aragonese	noun	ita
aragonés	noun	spa	aragonese	noun	ita
arancel	noun	spa	dazio	noun	ita
araña	noun	spa	ragno	noun	ita
arbitraje	noun	spa	arbitrato	noun	ita
arbusto	noun	spa	cespuglio	noun	ita
arce	noun	spa	acero	noun	ita
archipiélago	noun	spa	arcipelago	noun	ita
archivo	noun	spa	archivio	noun	ita
archivo	noun	spa	archiviazione	noun	ita
arcilla	noun	spa	argilla	noun	ita
arco	noun	spa	arco	noun	ita
arcángel	noun	spa	arcangelo	noun	ita
ardilla	noun	spa	scoiattolo	noun	ita
ardor	noun	spa	ardore	noun	ita
arena	noun	spa	sabbia	noun	ita
argelino	noun	spa	algerino	noun	ita
argentino	noun	spa	argentino	noun	ita
argot	noun	spa	argot	noun	ita
argot	noun	spa	argot	noun	ita
argot	noun	spa	argot	noun	ita
argumentación	noun	spa	argomentazione	noun	ita
argumento	noun	spa	argomento	noun	ita
aristocracia	noun	spa	aristocrazia	noun	ita
aristócrata	noun	spa	aristocratico	noun	ita
aristócrata	noun	spa	aristocratico	noun	ita
aristócrata	noun	spa	aristocratico	noun	ita
aritmética	noun	spa	aritmetica	noun	ita
arma	noun	spa	arma	noun	ita
armada	noun	spa	armata	noun	ita
armadura	noun	spa	armatura	noun	ita
armamento	noun	spa	armamento	noun	ita
armario	noun	spa	armadio	noun	ita
armisticio	noun	spa	armistizio	noun	ita
armonización	noun	spa	armonizzazione	noun	ita
armonía	noun	spa	armonia	noun	ita
aro	noun	spa	cerchio	noun	ita
aroma	noun	spa	aroma	noun	ita
arpa	noun	spa	arpa	noun	ita
arpía	noun	spa	arpia	noun	ita
arqueología	noun	spa	archeologia	noun	ita
arqueólogo	noun	spa	archeologo	noun	ita
arquitecto	noun	spa	architetto	noun	ita
arquitecto	noun	spa	architetto	noun	ita
arquitecto	noun	spa	architetto	noun	ita
arquitectura	noun	spa	architettura	noun	ita
arraigo	noun	spa	base	noun	ita
arranque	noun	spa	avvio	noun	ita
arrastre	noun	spa	trascinamento	noun	ita
arrecife	noun	spa	scogliera	noun	ita
arreglo	noun	spa	assetto	noun	ita
arrendamiento	noun	spa	locazione	noun	ita
arrepentimiento	noun	spa	pentimento	noun	ita
arresto	noun	spa	arresto	noun	ita
arroba	noun	spa	chiocciola	noun	ita
arrogancia	noun	spa	arroganza	noun	ita
arroyo	noun	spa	torrente	noun	ita
arroyo	noun	spa	ruscello	noun	ita
arroz	noun	spa	riso	noun	ita
arruga	noun	spa	ruga	noun	ita
arsenal	noun	spa	arsenale	noun	ita
arsénico	noun	spa	arsenico	noun	ita
arte	noun	spa	arte	noun	ita
atrezo	noun	spa	attrezzo	noun	ita
artefacto	noun	spa	manufatto	noun	ita
arteria	noun	spa	arteria	noun	ita
artesano	noun	spa	artigiano	noun	ita
artesanía	noun	spa	artigianato	noun	ita
articulación	noun	spa	giuntura	noun	ita
articulación	noun	spa	articolazione	noun	ita
artificio	noun	spa	artificio	noun	ita
artillería	noun	spa	artiglieria	noun	ita
artilugio	noun	spa	aggeggio	noun	ita
artista	noun	spa	artista	noun	ita
artista	noun	spa	artista	noun	ita
artista	noun	spa	artista	noun	ita
artritis	noun	spa	artrosi	noun	ita
artículo	noun	spa	articolo	noun	ita
arzobispo	noun	spa	arcivescovo	noun	ita
arándano	noun	spa	mirtillo	noun	ita
as	noun	spa	asso	noun	ita
asalariado	noun	spa	salariato	noun	ita
asamblea	noun	spa	assemblea	noun	ita
asbesto	noun	spa	asbesto	noun	ita
ascendente	noun	spa	ascendente	noun	ita
ascendiente	noun	spa	ascendente	noun	ita
ascenso	noun	spa	ascenso	noun	ita
ascensor	noun	spa	ascensore	noun	ita
asco	noun	spa	schifo	noun	ita
asedio	noun	spa	assedio	noun	ita
asentamiento	noun	spa	assestamento	noun	ita
asentamiento	noun	spa	insediamento	noun	ita
aseo	noun	spa	bagno	noun	ita
aserción	noun	spa	asserzione	noun	ita
asesinato	noun	spa	assassinio	noun	ita
asesino	noun	spa	assassino	noun	ita
asesor	noun	spa	consulente	noun	ita
asesor	noun	spa	consulente	noun	ita
asesoramiento	noun	spa	consulenza	noun	ita
asfixia	noun	spa	asfissia	noun	ita
asiento	noun	spa	sedile	noun	ita
asiento	noun	spa	seggiolino	noun	ita
asignación	noun	spa	assegnazione	noun	ita
asignación	noun	spa	allocazione	noun	ita
asilo	noun	spa	asilo	noun	ita
asimetría	noun	spa	asimmetria	noun	ita
asimilación	noun	spa	assimilazione	noun	ita
asistencia	noun	spa	assistenza	noun	ita
asistente	noun	spa	assistente	noun	ita
asistente	noun	spa	assistente	noun	ita
asistente	noun	spa	assistente	noun	ita
asma	noun	spa	asma	noun	ita
asma	noun	spa	asma	noun	ita
asma	noun	spa	asma	noun	ita
asno	noun	spa	somaro	noun	ita
asno	noun	spa	somaro	noun	ita
asno	noun	spa	somaro	noun	ita
asociación	noun	spa	partnership	noun	ita
asociación	noun	spa	partnership	noun	ita
asociación	noun	spa	partnership	noun	ita
asociación	noun	spa	associazione	noun	ita
asombrado	noun	spa	stupito	noun	ita
asombro	noun	spa	stupore	noun	ita
aspecto	noun	spa	aspetto	noun	ita
aspiración	noun	spa	aspirazione	noun	ita
aspirador	noun	spa	aspiratore	noun	ita
aspiradora	noun	spa	aspirapolvere	noun	ita
aspirina	noun	spa	aspirina	noun	ita
asta	noun	spa	asta	noun	ita
asteroide	noun	spa	asteroide	noun	ita
astilla	noun	spa	scheggia	noun	ita
astro	noun	spa	astro	noun	ita
astronauta	noun	spa	astronauta	noun	ita
astronauta	noun	spa	astronauta	noun	ita
astronauta	noun	spa	astronauta	noun	ita
astronomía	noun	spa	astronomia	noun	ita
astrónomo	noun	spa	astronomo	noun	ita
astucia	noun	spa	astuzia	noun	ita
asturiano	noun	spa	asturiano	noun	ita
asunción	noun	spa	assunzione	noun	ita
asunto	noun	spa	affare	noun	ita
atacante	noun	spa	attaccante	noun	ita
atacante	adjective	spa	attaccante	adjective	ita
atado	noun	spa	legato	noun	ita
atadura	noun	spa	legatura	noun	ita
atajo	noun	spa	scorciatoia	noun	ita
ataque	noun	spa	attacco	noun	ita
atasco de tráfico	noun	spa	ingorgo	noun	ita
ataúd	noun	spa	bara	noun	ita
atención	noun	spa	attenzione	noun	ita
atentado	noun	spa	attentato	noun	ita
ateo	noun	spa	ateo	noun	ita
aterrizaje	noun	spa	atterraggio	noun	ita
atestación	noun	spa	attestazione	noun	ita
atestado	noun	spa	attestato	noun	ita
atleta	noun	spa	atleta	noun	ita
atleta	noun	spa	atleta	noun	ita
atleta	noun	spa	atleta	noun	ita
atmósfera	noun	spa	atmosfera	noun	ita
atracción	noun	spa	attrazione	noun	ita
atraco	noun	spa	rapina	noun	ita
atractivo	noun	spa	attrazione	noun	ita
atractivo	noun	spa	attrazione	noun	ita
atractivo	noun	spa	attrazione	noun	ita
atrazina	noun	spa	atrazina	noun	ita
atribución	noun	spa	attribuzione	noun	ita
atributo	noun	spa	attributo	noun	ita
atrio	noun	spa	atrio	noun	ita
atrocidad	noun	spa	atrocità	noun	ita
atrocidad	noun	spa	atrocità	noun	ita
atrocidad	noun	spa	atrocità	noun	ita
ATS	noun	spa	ATS	noun	ita
atún	noun	spa	tonno	noun	ita
audacia	noun	spa	audacia	noun	ita
audición	noun	spa	audizione	noun	ita
audiencia	noun	spa	audience	noun	ita
audiencia	noun	spa	audience	noun	ita
audiencia	noun	spa	audience	noun	ita
audiencia	noun	spa	udienza	noun	ita
audiencia	noun	spa	pubblico	noun	ita
audio	noun	spa	audio	noun	ita
auditorio	noun	spa	auditorium	noun	ita
auditorio	noun	spa	auditorium	noun	ita
auditorio	noun	spa	auditorium	noun	ita
auditoría	noun	spa	controllo	noun	ita
auditoría	noun	spa	audit	noun	ita
auge	noun	spa	crescita	noun	ita
auge	noun	spa	boom	noun	ita
aula	noun	spa	aula	noun	ita
aumento	noun	spa	aumento	noun	ita
aura	noun	spa	aura	noun	ita
auricular	noun	spa	auricolare	noun	ita
auricular	noun	spa	cuffia	noun	ita
aurora	noun	spa	aurora	noun	ita
ausencia	noun	spa	assenza	noun	ita
austeridad	noun	spa	austerità	noun	ita
austeridad	noun	spa	austerità	noun	ita
austeridad	noun	spa	austerità	noun	ita
australiano	noun	spa	australiano	noun	ita
austríaco	noun	spa	austriaco	noun	ita
autenticidad	noun	spa	autenticità	noun	ita
autenticidad	noun	spa	autenticità	noun	ita
autenticidad	noun	spa	autenticità	noun	ita
autentificación	noun	spa	autenticazione	noun	ita
autismo	noun	spa	autismo	noun	ita
auto	noun	spa	atto	noun	ita
autobiografía	noun	spa	autobiografia	noun	ita
autobús	noun	spa	autobus	noun	ita
autobús	noun	spa	autobus	noun	ita
autobús	noun	spa	autobus	noun	ita
autocaravana	noun	spa	camper	noun	ita
autocaravana	noun	spa	camper	noun	ita
autocaravana	noun	spa	camper	noun	ita
autodeterminación	noun	spa	autodeterminazione	noun	ita
autoestima	noun	spa	autostima	noun	ita
autofinanciación	noun	spa	autofinanziamento	noun	ita
autolimitación	noun	spa	autolimitazione	noun	ita
automatización	noun	spa	automazione	noun	ita
automovilismo	noun	spa	automobilismo	noun	ita
automóvil	noun	spa	autovettura	noun	ita
automóvil	noun	spa	automobile	noun	ita
automóvil	noun	spa	autoveicolo	noun	ita
autonomía	noun	spa	autonomia	noun	ita
autopista	noun	spa	autostrada	noun	ita
autopsia	noun	spa	autopsia	noun	ita
autor	noun	spa	autore	noun	ita
autoridad	noun	spa	autorità	noun	ita
autoridad	noun	spa	autorità	noun	ita
autoridad	noun	spa	autorità	noun	ita
autorización	noun	spa	autorizzazione	noun	ita
autoría	noun	spa	responsabilità	noun	ita
autoría	noun	spa	responsabilità	noun	ita
autoría	noun	spa	responsabilità	noun	ita
autotracción	noun	spa	autotrazione	noun	ita
autovía	noun	spa	superstrada	noun	ita
autómata	noun	spa	automa	noun	ita
autónomo	noun	spa	autonomo	noun	ita
auxiliar	noun	spa	ausiliario	noun	ita
aval	noun	spa	avallo	noun	ita
avalancha	noun	spa	valanga	noun	ita
avance	noun	spa	avanzo	noun	ita
avaricia	noun	spa	avarizia	noun	ita
avaro	noun	spa	avido	noun	ita
avatar	noun	spa	avatar	noun	ita
avatar	noun	spa	avatar	noun	ita
avatar	noun	spa	avatar	noun	ita
ave	noun	spa	uccello	noun	ita
ave	noun	spa	volatile	noun	ita
avellana	noun	spa	nocciola	noun	ita
avellaneda	noun	spa	noccioleto	noun	ita
avellano	noun	spa	nocciolo	noun	ita
aventura	noun	spa	avventura	noun	ita
aventurero	noun	spa	avventuriero	noun	ita
averiguación	noun	spa	constatazione	noun	ita
aversión	noun	spa	avversione	noun	ita
avestruz	noun	spa	struzzo	noun	ita
aviación	noun	spa	aviazione	noun	ita
aviador	noun	spa	aviatore	noun	ita
avidez	noun	spa	avidità	noun	ita
avidez	noun	spa	avidità	noun	ita
avidez	noun	spa	avidità	noun	ita
aviso	noun	spa	avviso	noun	ita
avispa	noun	spa	vespa	noun	ita
avión	noun	spa	aereo	noun	ita
axila	noun	spa	ascella	noun	ita
ayuda	noun	spa	aiuto	noun	ita
ayudante	noun	spa	aiutante	noun	ita
ayuntamiento	noun	spa	comune	noun	ita
azafrán	noun	spa	zafferano	noun	ita
azar	noun	spa	caso	noun	ita
azimut	noun	spa	azimut	noun	ita
azimut	noun	spa	azimut	noun	ita
azimut	noun	spa	azimut	noun	ita
azucarero	noun	spa	zuccheriere	noun	ita
azucarero	noun	spa	zuccheriere	noun	ita
azucarero	noun	spa	zuccheriere	noun	ita
azufre	noun	spa	zolfo	noun	ita
azulejo	noun	spa	piastrella	noun	ita
azúcar	noun	spa	zucchero	noun	ita
año	noun	spa	anno	noun	ita
baba	noun	spa	bava	noun	ita
bacalao	noun	spa	baccalà	noun	ita
bacalao	noun	spa	baccalà	noun	ita
bacalao	noun	spa	baccalà	noun	ita
bacilo	noun	spa	bacillo	noun	ita
bacteria	noun	spa	batterio	noun	ita
bacteriología	noun	spa	batteriologia	noun	ita
bagatela	noun	spa	bagattella	noun	ita
bahía	noun	spa	baia	noun	ita
bailarín	noun	spa	ballerino	noun	ita
bailarín	adjective	spa	ballerino	adjective	ita
baile	noun	spa	ballo	noun	ita
bala	noun	spa	pallottola	noun	ita
balance	noun	spa	bilancio	noun	ita
balance	noun	spa	bilanciamento	noun	ita
balanza	noun	spa	bilancia	noun	ita
balcón	noun	spa	balcone	noun	ita
baldosa	noun	spa	mattonella	noun	ita
ballena	noun	spa	balena	noun	ita
ballet	noun	spa	balletto	noun	ita
balneario	noun	spa	terme	noun	ita
balneario	noun	spa	terme	noun	ita
balneario	noun	spa	terme	noun	ita
baloncesto	noun	spa	pallacanestro	noun	ita
balonmano	noun	spa	pallamano	noun	ita
balonvolea	noun	spa	pallavolo	noun	ita
balón	noun	spa	pallone	noun	ita
bambú	noun	spa	bambù	noun	ita
bambú	noun	spa	bambù	noun	ita
bambú	noun	spa	bambù	noun	ita
banal	noun	spa	banale	noun	ita
banano	noun	spa	banano	noun	ita
banca	noun	spa	banca	noun	ita
bancarrota	noun	spa	bancarotta	noun	ita
bancarrota	noun	spa	fallimento	noun	ita
banco	noun	spa	banca	noun	ita
banda	noun	spa	fascia	noun	ita
banda	noun	spa	banda	noun	ita
bandeja	noun	spa	vassoio	noun	ita
bandera	noun	spa	bandiera	noun	ita
bando	noun	spa	bando	noun	ita
banjo	noun	spa	banjo	noun	ita
banquero	noun	spa	banchiere	noun	ita
banquero	noun	spa	banchiere	noun	ita
banquero	noun	spa	banchiere	noun	ita
banquete	noun	spa	banchetto	noun	ita
banquillo	noun	spa	panchina	noun	ita
banquillo de los acusados	noun	spa	banco degli accusati	noun	ita
bar	noun	spa	bar	noun	ita
bar	noun	spa	bar	noun	ita
bar	noun	spa	bar	noun	ita
baraja	noun	spa	mazzo	noun	ita
barandilla	noun	spa	balaustra	noun	ita
barandilla	noun	spa	apparato	noun	ita
barba	noun	spa	barba	noun	ita
barbarie	noun	spa	barbarie	noun	ita
barbarie	noun	spa	barbarie	noun	ita
barbarie	noun	spa	barbarie	noun	ita
barbero	noun	spa	barbiere	noun	ita
barbero	noun	spa	barbiere	noun	ita
barbero	noun	spa	barbiere	noun	ita
barbilla	noun	spa	mento	noun	ita
barca	noun	spa	barca	noun	ita
barco	noun	spa	barca	noun	ita
barco	noun	spa	nave	noun	ita
barra	noun	spa	barra	noun	ita
barra	noun	spa	sbarra	noun	ita
barra	noun	spa	bancone	noun	ita
barraca	noun	spa	baracca	noun	ita
barrera	noun	spa	barriera	noun	ita
barriga	noun	spa	pancia	noun	ita
barril	noun	spa	barile	noun	ita
barrilete	noun	spa	aquilone	noun	ita
barrio	noun	spa	quartiere	noun	ita
barrio pobre	noun	spa	baraccopoli	noun	ita
barrio pobre	noun	spa	baraccopoli	noun	ita
barrio pobre	noun	spa	baraccopoli	noun	ita
barro	noun	spa	fango	noun	ita
cerámica	noun	spa	ceramica	noun	ita
barroco	noun	spa	barocco	noun	ita
barómetro	noun	spa	barometro	noun	ita
barón	noun	spa	barone	noun	ita
base	noun	spa	base	noun	ita
base de datos	noun	spa	database	noun	ita
base de datos	noun	spa	database	noun	ita
base de datos	noun	spa	database	noun	ita
basket	noun	spa	basket	noun	ita
bastardo	noun	spa	bastardo	noun	ita
bastón	noun	spa	bastone	noun	ita
basura	noun	spa	rifiuti	noun	ita
basura	noun	spa	immondizia	noun	ita
basura	noun	spa	spazzatura	noun	ita
basurero	noun	spa	spazzino	noun	ita
basurero	noun	spa	spazzino	noun	ita
basurero	noun	spa	spazzino	noun	ita
basílica	noun	spa	basilica	noun	ita
bata	noun	spa	vestaglia	noun	ita
batalla	noun	spa	battaglia	noun	ita
batallón	noun	spa	battaglione	noun	ita
batería	noun	spa	batteria	noun	ita
batiente	noun	spa	battente	noun	ita
bautizo	noun	spa	battesimo	noun	ita
bayoneta	noun	spa	baionetta	noun	ita
baza	noun	spa	bazza	noun	ita
bazo	noun	spa	milza	noun	ita
bañera	noun	spa	vasca	noun	ita
baño	noun	spa	bagno	noun	ita
baño	noun	spa	balneazione	noun	ita
bebida	noun	spa	bevanda	noun	ita
bebé	noun	spa	neonato	noun	ita
beca	noun	spa	borsa	noun	ita
belga	noun	spa	belga	noun	ita
belga	noun	spa	belga	noun	ita
belga	noun	spa	belga	noun	ita
belleza	noun	spa	bellezza	noun	ita
bellota	noun	spa	ghianda	noun	ita
bendición	noun	spa	benedizione	noun	ita
benefactor	noun	spa	benefattore	noun	ita
beneficencia	noun	spa	beneficenza	noun	ita
beneficiado	noun	spa	beneficiato	noun	ita
beneficiario	noun	spa	beneficiario	noun	ita
beneficio	noun	spa	beneficio	noun	ita
beneficio	noun	spa	utile	noun	ita
benevolencia	noun	spa	benevolenza	noun	ita
benjamín	noun	spa	beniamino	noun	ita
berenjena	noun	spa	melanzana	noun	ita
besito	noun	spa	bacetto	noun	ita
beso	noun	spa	bacio	noun	ita
bestia	noun	spa	bestia	noun	ita
bestialidad	noun	spa	bestialità	noun	ita
bestialidad	noun	spa	bestialità	noun	ita
bestialidad	noun	spa	bestialità	noun	ita
beta	noun	spa	beta	noun	ita
beta	noun	spa	beta	noun	ita
beta	noun	spa	beta	noun	ita
biblia	noun	spa	bibbia	noun	ita
bibliografía	noun	spa	bibliografia	noun	ita
biblioteca	noun	spa	biblioteca	noun	ita
bibliotecario	noun	spa	bibliotecario	noun	ita
bicho	noun	spa	insetto	noun	ita
bici	noun	spa	bicicletta	noun	ita
bicicleta	noun	spa	bicicletta	noun	ita
bidé	noun	spa	bidet	noun	ita
bidé	noun	spa	bidet	noun	ita
bidé	noun	spa	bidet	noun	ita
bien	noun	spa	bene	noun	ita
bienestar	noun	spa	welfare	noun	ita
bienestar	noun	spa	welfare	noun	ita
bienestar	noun	spa	welfare	noun	ita
bienestar	noun	spa	benessere	noun	ita
bienvenida	noun	spa	benvenuto	noun	ita
bifurcación	noun	spa	biforcazione	noun	ita
bigote	noun	spa	baffo	noun	ita
billar	noun	spa	biliardo	noun	ita
billete	noun	spa	banconota	noun	ita
billete	noun	spa	biglietto	noun	ita
billón	noun	spa	bilione	noun	ita
binario	noun	spa	binario	noun	ita
bio	noun	spa	bio	noun	ita
biocarburante	noun	spa	biocarburante	noun	ita
biocombustible	noun	spa	biocarburante	noun	ita
biodiversidad	noun	spa	biodiversità	noun	ita
biodiversidad	noun	spa	biodiversità	noun	ita
biodiversidad	noun	spa	biodiversità	noun	ita
biografía	noun	spa	biografia	noun	ita
biología	noun	spa	biologia	noun	ita
bioluminiscencia	noun	spa	bioluminescenza	noun	ita
biomasa	noun	spa	biomassa	noun	ita
biomimética	noun	spa	biomimetica	noun	ita
biopsia	noun	spa	biopsia	noun	ita
biosfera	noun	spa	biosfera	noun	ita
biotecnología	noun	spa	biotecnologia	noun	ita
cremallera	noun	spa	cerniera	noun	ita
bit	noun	spa	bit	noun	ita
bit	noun	spa	bit	noun	ita
bit	noun	spa	bit	noun	ita
biólogo	noun	spa	biologo	noun	ita
blanco	noun	spa	bianco	noun	ita
blasón	noun	spa	blasone	noun	ita
blindado	noun	spa	blindato	noun	ita
bloc	noun	spa	bloc notes	noun	ita
bloc	noun	spa	bloc notes	noun	ita
bloc	noun	spa	bloc notes	noun	ita
blog	noun	spa	blog	noun	ita
blog	noun	spa	blog	noun	ita
blog	noun	spa	blog	noun	ita
blog	noun	spa	blog	noun	ita
blogger	noun	spa	blogger	noun	ita
blogger	noun	spa	blogger	noun	ita
blogger	noun	spa	blogger	noun	ita
blogger	noun	spa	blogger	noun	ita
bloque	noun	spa	blocco	noun	ita
bloqueo	noun	spa	blocco	noun	ita
bobina	noun	spa	bobina	noun	ita
boca	noun	spa	bocca	noun	ita
bocado	noun	spa	boccone	noun	ita
boceto	noun	spa	schizzo	noun	ita
boda	noun	spa	nozze	noun	ita
boda	noun	spa	nozze	noun	ita
boda	noun	spa	nozze	noun	ita
bodega	noun	spa	cantina	noun	ita
bofetada	noun	spa	schiaffo	noun	ita
boicot	noun	spa	boicottaggio	noun	ita
bola	noun	spa	palla	noun	ita
bolchevismo	noun	spa	bolscevismo	noun	ita
boliviano	noun	spa	boliviano	noun	ita
bolo	noun	spa	birillo	noun	ita
bolsa	noun	spa	borsa	noun	ita
bolsa	noun	spa	busta	noun	ita
bolsillo	noun	spa	tasca	noun	ita
bolso	noun	spa	borsello	noun	ita
bomba	noun	spa	bomba	noun	ita
bombero	noun	spa	vigile del fuoco	noun	ita
bombero	noun	spa	vigile del fuoco	noun	ita
bombero	noun	spa	vigile del fuoco	noun	ita
bombero	noun	spa	pompiere	noun	ita
bombilla	noun	spa	lampadina	noun	ita
bombo	noun	spa	bombo	noun	ita
bombón	noun	spa	cioccolatino	noun	ita
bonanza	noun	spa	prosperità	noun	ita
bonanza	noun	spa	prosperità	noun	ita
bonanza	noun	spa	prosperità	noun	ita
bondad	noun	spa	bontà	noun	ita
bondad	noun	spa	bontà	noun	ita
bondad	noun	spa	bontà	noun	ita
bono	noun	spa	abbonamento	noun	ita
bonobo	noun	spa	bonobo	noun	ita
bonobos	noun	spa	bonobo	noun	ita
bonus	noun	spa	bonus	noun	ita
boom	noun	spa	boom	noun	ita
boom	noun	spa	boom	noun	ita
boom	noun	spa	boom	noun	ita
bordado	noun	spa	ricamo	noun	ita
bordo	noun	spa	bordo	noun	ita
borrachera	noun	spa	ubriachezza	noun	ita
borracho	noun	spa	ubriaco	noun	ita
bosque	noun	spa	bosco	noun	ita
bosque	noun	spa	foresta	noun	ita
boss	noun	spa	boss	noun	ita
bosón	noun	spa	bosone	noun	ita
bota	noun	spa	stivale	noun	ita
bote	noun	spa	barattolo	noun	ita
botella	noun	spa	bottiglia	noun	ita
botánica	noun	spa	botanica	noun	ita
botánico	noun	spa	botanico	noun	ita
botánico	noun	spa	botanico	noun	ita
botánico	noun	spa	botanico	noun	ita
botín	noun	spa	bottino	noun	ita
botón	noun	spa	pulsante	noun	ita
botón	noun	spa	bottone	noun	ita
botón	noun	spa	tasto	noun	ita
boxeador	noun	spa	pugile	noun	ita
boxeador	noun	spa	pugile	noun	ita
boxeador	noun	spa	pugile	noun	ita
boyardo	noun	spa	boiaro	noun	ita
boyardo	noun	spa	boiaro	noun	ita
boyardo	noun	spa	boiaro	noun	ita
bozal	noun	spa	museruola	noun	ita
brasa	noun	spa	brace	noun	ita
brasileño	noun	spa	brasiliano	noun	ita
brazo	noun	spa	braccio	noun	ita
brazo	noun	spa	braccio	noun	ita
brazo	noun	spa	braccio	noun	ita
brazo	noun	spa	braccio	noun	ita
brazo	noun	spa	braccio	noun	ita
brazo	noun	spa	braccio	noun	ita
breakfast	noun	spa	breakfast	noun	ita
brecha	noun	spa	falla	noun	ita
breve	noun	spa	breve	noun	ita
brillo	noun	spa	brillio	noun	ita
brillo	noun	spa	luccichio	noun	ita
brindis	noun	spa	brindisi	noun	ita
broker	noun	spa	broker	noun	ita
broma	noun	spa	scherzo	noun	ita
broma	noun	spa	battuta	noun	ita
bronca	noun	spa	rissa	noun	ita
bronce	noun	spa	bronzo	noun	ita
bronceado	noun	spa	abbronzatura	noun	ita
bronconeumonía	noun	spa	polmonite	noun	ita
brote	noun	spa	focolaio	noun	ita
brote	noun	spa	scoppio	noun	ita
browser	noun	spa	browser	noun	ita
brujo	noun	spa	stregone	noun	ita
bruma	noun	spa	foschia	noun	ita
brutalidad	noun	spa	brutalità	noun	ita
brutalidad	noun	spa	brutalità	noun	ita
brutalidad	noun	spa	brutalità	noun	ita
brócoli	noun	spa	broccoli	noun	ita
brócoli	noun	spa	broccoli	noun	ita
brócoli	noun	spa	broccoli	noun	ita
brújula	noun	spa	bussola	noun	ita
buceo	noun	spa	immersione	noun	ita
bucle	noun	spa	loop	noun	ita
bucle	noun	spa	loop	noun	ita
bucle	noun	spa	loop	noun	ita
budismo	noun	spa	buddhismo	noun	ita
buey	noun	spa	bue	noun	ita
bufanda	noun	spa	sciarpa	noun	ita
bufón	noun	spa	giullare	noun	ita
buitre	noun	spa	avvoltoio	noun	ita
bulimia	noun	spa	bulimia	noun	ita
bunker	noun	spa	bunker	noun	ita
bunker	noun	spa	bunker	noun	ita
bunker	noun	spa	bunker	noun	ita
buque	noun	spa	nave	noun	ita
burbuja	noun	spa	bolla	noun	ita
burguesía	noun	spa	borghesia	noun	ita
burgués	noun	spa	borghese	noun	ita
burgués	noun	spa	borghese	noun	ita
burgués	noun	spa	borghese	noun	ita
burocracia	noun	spa	burocrazia	noun	ita
burro	noun	spa	somaro	noun	ita
bus	noun	spa	pullman	noun	ita
bus	noun	spa	bus	noun	ita
bus	noun	spa	bus	noun	ita
bus	noun	spa	bus	noun	ita
buscador	noun	spa	ricercatore	noun	ita
butano	noun	spa	butano	noun	ita
buzo	noun	spa	subacqueo	noun	ita
buzo	noun	spa	subacqueo	noun	ita
buzo	noun	spa	subacqueo	noun	ita
buzón	noun	spa	cassetta della posta	noun	ita
buzón	noun	spa	cassetta	noun	ita
buñuelo	noun	spa	bigné	noun	ita
buñuelo	noun	spa	bigné	noun	ita
buñuelo	noun	spa	bigné	noun	ita
bálsamo	noun	spa	balsamo	noun	ita
béisbol	noun	spa	baseball	noun	ita
bóveda	noun	spa	volta	noun	ita
bóveda	noun	spa	calotta	noun	ita
búho	noun	spa	gufo	noun	ita
búlgaro	noun	spa	bulgaro	noun	ita
búsqueda	noun	spa	ricerca	noun	ita
caballero	noun	spa	cavaliere	noun	ita
caballería	noun	spa	cavalleria	noun	ita
caballo	noun	spa	cavallo	noun	ita
cabaña	noun	spa	capanna	noun	ita
cabecera	noun	spa	header	noun	ita
cabecera	noun	spa	header	noun	ita
cabecera	noun	spa	header	noun	ita
cabellera	noun	spa	criniera	noun	ita
cabello	noun	spa	capello	noun	ita
cabestrillo	noun	spa	fasciatura	noun	ita
cabeza	noun	spa	testa	noun	ita
cabida	noun	spa	capienza	noun	ita
cabina	noun	spa	cabina	noun	ita
cable	noun	spa	cavo	noun	ita
cableado	noun	spa	cablaggio	noun	ita
cabo	noun	spa	capo	noun	ita
cabra	noun	spa	capra	noun	ita
caca	noun	spa	cacca	noun	ita
cacahuete	noun	spa	arachide	noun	ita
cacerola	noun	spa	cazzeruola	noun	ita
cachimba	noun	spa	pipa	noun	ita
cachorro	noun	spa	cucciolo	noun	ita
cadena	noun	spa	catena	noun	ita
cadencia	noun	spa	cadenza	noun	ita
cadera	noun	spa	anca	noun	ita
cadáver	noun	spa	cadavere	noun	ita
cafetería	noun	spa	caffetteria	noun	ita
cafetería	noun	spa	bar	noun	ita
café	noun	spa	caffè	noun	ita
café	noun	spa	caffè	noun	ita
café	noun	spa	caffé	noun	ita
caja	noun	spa	scatola	noun	ita
caja	noun	spa	cassa	noun	ita
cajetilla	noun	spa	pacchetto	noun	ita
cajón	noun	spa	cassetto	noun	ita
cal	noun	spa	calcare	noun	ita
calamar	noun	spa	calamaro	noun	ita
calambre	noun	spa	crampo	noun	ita
calamidad	noun	spa	calamità	noun	ita
calamidad	noun	spa	calamità	noun	ita
calamidad	noun	spa	calamità	noun	ita
calavera	noun	spa	teschio	noun	ita
calcetín	noun	spa	calzino	noun	ita
calcio	noun	spa	calcio	noun	ita
calculador	noun	spa	calcolatore	noun	ita
calculadora	noun	spa	calcolatrice	noun	ita
caldera	noun	spa	caldaia	noun	ita
caldo	noun	spa	brodo	noun	ita
calefacción	noun	spa	riscaldamento	noun	ita
calendario	noun	spa	tempistica	noun	ita
calendario	noun	spa	calendario	noun	ita
calentador	noun	spa	riscaldatore	noun	ita
calentador	noun	spa	scaldabagno	noun	ita
calentamiento	noun	spa	riscaldamento	noun	ita
calibración	noun	spa	calibrazione	noun	ita
calibre	noun	spa	calibro	noun	ita
calidad	noun	spa	qualità	noun	ita
calidad	noun	spa	qualità	noun	ita
calidad	noun	spa	qualità	noun	ita
califato	noun	spa	califfato	noun	ita
calificación	noun	spa	qualificazione	noun	ita
caliza	noun	spa	calcare	noun	ita
calle	noun	spa	strada	noun	ita
callejón	noun	spa	vicolo	noun	ita
callo	noun	spa	callo	noun	ita
calor	noun	spa	calore	noun	ita
calor	noun	spa	caldo	noun	ita
caloría	noun	spa	caloria	noun	ita
calvario	noun	spa	calvario	noun	ita
cam	noun	spa	cam	noun	ita
cam	noun	spa	cam	noun	ita
cam	noun	spa	cam	noun	ita
cama	noun	spa	letto	noun	ita
camaleón	noun	spa	camaleonte	noun	ita
camarada	noun	spa	camerata	noun	ita
camarada	noun	spa	camerata	noun	ita
camarada	noun	spa	camerata	noun	ita
camarero	noun	spa	cameriere	noun	ita
camarilla	noun	spa	camarilla	noun	ita
camarón	noun	spa	gamberetto	noun	ita
cambio	noun	spa	cambiamento	noun	ita
cambio	noun	spa	cambio	noun	ita
camello	noun	spa	cammello	noun	ita
caminata	noun	spa	camminata	noun	ita
camino	noun	spa	cammino	noun	ita
camino	noun	spa	percorso	noun	ita
camionero	noun	spa	camionista	noun	ita
camioneta	noun	spa	camion	noun	ita
camioneta	noun	spa	camion	noun	ita
camisa	noun	spa	camicia	noun	ita
camiseta	noun	spa	maglia	noun	ita
camiseta	noun	spa	maglietta	noun	ita
camión	noun	spa	autocarro	noun	ita
camión	noun	spa	camion	noun	ita
camión	noun	spa	camion	noun	ita
camión	noun	spa	camion	noun	ita
camorra	noun	spa	camorra	noun	ita
campamento	noun	spa	accampamento	noun	ita
campana	noun	spa	campana	noun	ita
campana	noun	spa	campanella	noun	ita
campanario	noun	spa	campanile	noun	ita
campaña	noun	spa	campagna	noun	ita
campeonato	noun	spa	campionato	noun	ita
campeón	noun	spa	campione	noun	ita
campo	noun	spa	campo	noun	ita
campus	noun	spa	campus	noun	ita
camuflaje	noun	spa	camuffamento	noun	ita
can	noun	spa	cane	noun	ita
canadiense	noun	spa	canadese	noun	ita
canal	noun	spa	canale	noun	ita
canalización	noun	spa	canalizzazione	noun	ita
canapé	noun	spa	canapé	noun	ita
canapé	noun	spa	canapé	noun	ita
canapé	noun	spa	canapé	noun	ita
canario	noun	spa	canarino	noun	ita
canario	noun	spa	canarino	noun	ita
canario	noun	spa	canarino	noun	ita
cancelación	noun	spa	cancellazione	noun	ita
cancha	noun	spa	pista	noun	ita
canciller	noun	spa	cancelliere	noun	ita
cancillería	noun	spa	cancelleria	noun	ita
canción	noun	spa	canzone	noun	ita
canción	noun	spa	brano	noun	ita
candidato	noun	spa	candidato	noun	ita
candidatura	noun	spa	candidatura	noun	ita
canela	noun	spa	cannella	noun	ita
cangrejo	noun	spa	granchio	noun	ita
canibalismo	noun	spa	cannibalismo	noun	ita
canon	noun	spa	canone	noun	ita
canonización	noun	spa	canonizzazione	noun	ita
cantante	noun	spa	cantante	noun	ita
cantera	noun	spa	cava	noun	ita
cantidad	noun	spa	quantità	noun	ita
cantidad	noun	spa	quantità	noun	ita
cantidad	noun	spa	quantità	noun	ita
cantidad	noun	spa	quantitativo	noun	ita
canto	noun	spa	canto	noun	ita
caos	noun	spa	caos	noun	ita
capa	noun	spa	cappa	noun	ita
capa	noun	spa	strato	noun	ita
capacidad	noun	spa	capacità	noun	ita
capacidad	noun	spa	capacità	noun	ita
capacidad	noun	spa	capacità	noun	ita
capacidad	noun	spa	capienza	noun	ita
capacitación	noun	spa	formazione	noun	ita
capilla	noun	spa	cappella	noun	ita
capital	noun	spa	capitale	noun	ita
capital	noun	spa	capitale	noun	ita
capitalismo	noun	spa	capitalismo	noun	ita
capitalista	noun	spa	capitalista	noun	ita
capitalista	noun	spa	capitalista	noun	ita
capitalista	noun	spa	capitalista	noun	ita
capitalización	noun	spa	capitalizzazione	noun	ita
capitulación	noun	spa	capitolazione	noun	ita
capitán	noun	spa	capitano	noun	ita
capitán	noun	spa	capitano	noun	ita
capitán	noun	spa	capitano	noun	ita
captación	noun	spa	captazione	noun	ita
captura	noun	spa	cattura	noun	ita
capítulo	noun	spa	capitolo	noun	ita
cara	noun	spa	faccia	noun	ita
caracol	noun	spa	chiocciola	noun	ita
caracol	noun	spa	lumaca	noun	ita
caracterización	noun	spa	caratterizzazione	noun	ita
característica	noun	spa	caratteristica	noun	ita
carambola	noun	spa	carambola	noun	ita
caramelo	noun	spa	caramella	noun	ita
carbonato	noun	spa	carbonato	noun	ita
carbono	noun	spa	carbonio	noun	ita
carburador	noun	spa	carburatore	noun	ita
carbón	noun	spa	carbone	noun	ita
carcasa	noun	spa	carcassa	noun	ita
cardenal	noun	spa	cardinale	noun	ita
cardinalidad	noun	spa	cardinalità	noun	ita
cardinalidad	noun	spa	cardinalità	noun	ita
cardinalidad	noun	spa	cardinalità	noun	ita
carencia	noun	spa	carenza	noun	ita
carga	noun	spa	carica	noun	ita
carga	noun	spa	fardello	noun	ita
cargo	noun	spa	carico	noun	ita
caricatura	noun	spa	caricatura	noun	ita
caricaturista	noun	spa	caricaturista	noun	ita
caricaturista	noun	spa	caricaturista	noun	ita
caricaturista	noun	spa	caricaturista	noun	ita
caridad	noun	spa	carità	noun	ita
caridad	noun	spa	carità	noun	ita
caridad	noun	spa	carità	noun	ita
caridad	noun	spa	beneficenza	noun	ita
carisma	noun	spa	carisma	noun	ita
cariño	noun	spa	affetto	noun	ita
carmín	noun	spa	carmino	noun	ita
carmín	noun	spa	carminio	noun	ita
carnaval	noun	spa	carnevale	noun	ita
carne	noun	spa	carne	noun	ita
carpa	noun	spa	carpa	noun	ita
carpeta	noun	spa	cartella	noun	ita
carpintero	noun	spa	carpentiere	noun	ita
carpintero	noun	spa	falegname	noun	ita
carpintero	noun	spa	falegname	noun	ita
carpintero	noun	spa	falegname	noun	ita
carpintería	noun	spa	carpenteria	noun	ita
carrera	noun	spa	carriera	noun	ita
carrera	noun	spa	gara	noun	ita
carretera	noun	spa	strada	noun	ita
carretera	noun	spa	strada	noun	ita
carril	noun	spa	carreggiata	noun	ita
carril	noun	spa	corsia	noun	ita
carrito	noun	spa	carrello	noun	ita
carro	noun	spa	carro	noun	ita
carruaje	noun	spa	calesse	noun	ita
carrusel	noun	spa	carosello	noun	ita
carta	noun	spa	carta	noun	ita
carta astral	noun	spa	carta astrale	noun	ita
carta certificada	noun	spa	lettera raccomandata	noun	ita
carta de recomendación	noun	spa	lettera di raccomandazione	noun	ita
carta de servicios	noun	spa	carta dei servizi	noun	ita
carta magna	noun	spa	magna carta	noun	ita
cartel	noun	spa	cartello	noun	ita
cartera	noun	spa	portafoglio	noun	ita
cartero	noun	spa	postino	noun	ita
cartero	noun	spa	postino	noun	ita
cartero	noun	spa	postino	noun	ita
cartilla	noun	spa	credito	noun	ita
cartografía	noun	spa	cartografia	noun	ita
cartucho	noun	spa	cartuccia	noun	ita
cartílago	noun	spa	cartilagine	noun	ita
cartón	noun	spa	cartone	noun	ita
carácter	noun	spa	carattere	noun	ita
carátula	noun	spa	copertina	noun	ita
casa	noun	spa	casa	noun	ita
casación	noun	spa	cassazione	noun	ita
casco	noun	spa	casco	noun	ita
casete	noun	spa	musicassetta	noun	ita
casino	noun	spa	casino	noun	ita
caso	noun	spa	caso	noun	ita
caspa	noun	spa	forfora	noun	ita
castaño	noun	spa	castagno	noun	ita
castellano	noun	spa	castigliano	noun	ita
castellonense	noun	spa	castiglionese	noun	ita
castidad	noun	spa	castità	noun	ita
castidad	noun	spa	castità	noun	ita
castidad	noun	spa	castità	noun	ita
castigo	noun	spa	castigo	noun	ita
castigo	noun	spa	punizione	noun	ita
castillo	noun	spa	castello	noun	ita
castor	noun	spa	castoro	noun	ita
castración	noun	spa	castrazione	noun	ita
casualidad	noun	spa	casualità	noun	ita
casualidad	noun	spa	casualità	noun	ita
casualidad	noun	spa	casualità	noun	ita
catalizador	noun	spa	catalizzatore	noun	ita
catalogación	noun	spa	catalogazione	noun	ita
catalán	noun	spa	catalano	noun	ita
catamarán	noun	spa	catamarano	noun	ita
cataplasma	noun	spa	cataplasma	noun	ita
catapulta	noun	spa	catapulta	noun	ita
catarata	noun	spa	cataratta	noun	ita
catarro	noun	spa	catarro	noun	ita
catedral	noun	spa	cattedrale	noun	ita
categorización	noun	spa	categorizzazione	noun	ita
categoría	noun	spa	categoria	noun	ita
cateto	noun	spa	cateto	noun	ita
catálogo	noun	spa	catalogo	noun	ita
catástrofe	noun	spa	catastrofe	noun	ita
católico	noun	spa	cattolico	noun	ita
caucho	noun	spa	pneumatico	noun	ita
caudal	noun	spa	portata	noun	ita
causa	noun	spa	causa	noun	ita
causalidad	noun	spa	causalità	noun	ita
causalidad	noun	spa	causalità	noun	ita
causalidad	noun	spa	causalità	noun	ita
cautiverio	noun	spa	cattività	noun	ita
cautiverio	noun	spa	cattività	noun	ita
cautiverio	noun	spa	cattività	noun	ita
cava	noun	spa	spumante	noun	ita
caverna	noun	spa	caverna	noun	ita
cavidad	noun	spa	cavità	noun	ita
cavidad	noun	spa	cavità	noun	ita
cavidad	noun	spa	cavità	noun	ita
caza	noun	spa	caccia	noun	ita
cazador	noun	spa	cacciatore	noun	ita
caída	noun	spa	caduta	noun	ita
caña	noun	spa	canna	noun	ita
cañón	noun	spa	cannone	noun	ita
cebada	noun	spa	orzo	noun	ita
cebolla	noun	spa	cipolla	noun	ita
cebra	noun	spa	zebra	noun	ita
cedro	noun	spa	cedro	noun	ita
ceguera	noun	spa	cecità	noun	ita
ceguera	noun	spa	cecità	noun	ita
ceguera	noun	spa	cecità	noun	ita
ceja	noun	spa	sopracciglio	noun	ita
ceja	noun	spa	sopracciglio	noun	ita
ceja	noun	spa	sopracciglio	noun	ita
ceja	noun	spa	sopracciglio	noun	ita
ceja	noun	spa	sopracciglio	noun	ita
celda	noun	spa	cella	noun	ita
celebración	noun	spa	celebrazione	noun	ita
celebridad	noun	spa	celebrità	noun	ita
celebridad	noun	spa	celebrità	noun	ita
celebridad	noun	spa	celebrità	noun	ita
celibato	noun	spa	celibato	noun	ita
celo	noun	spa	zelo	noun	ita
celofán	noun	spa	cellofan	noun	ita
celofán	noun	spa	cellofan	noun	ita
celofán	noun	spa	cellofan	noun	ita
celos	noun	spa	gelosia	noun	ita
celta	noun	spa	celtico	noun	ita
celta	noun	spa	celtico	noun	ita
celta	noun	spa	celtico	noun	ita
celta	adjective	spa	celtico	adjective	ita
celta	adjective	spa	celtico	adjective	ita
celta	adjective	spa	celtico	adjective	ita
celuloide	noun	spa	celluloide	noun	ita
cementerio	noun	spa	cimitero	noun	ita
cementificación	noun	spa	cementificazione	noun	ita
cemento	noun	spa	cemento	noun	ita
cena	noun	spa	cena	noun	ita
ceniza	noun	spa	cenere	noun	ita
censo	noun	spa	censo	noun	ita
censura	noun	spa	censura	noun	ita
centavo	noun	spa	centesimo	noun	ita
centenar	numeral	spa	centinaio	noun	ita
centenar	numeral	spa	centinaio	noun	ita
central	noun	spa	centrale	noun	ita
centralidad	noun	spa	centralità	noun	ita
centralidad	noun	spa	centralità	noun	ita
centralidad	noun	spa	centralità	noun	ita
centralización	noun	spa	centralizzazione	noun	ita
centro	noun	spa	centro	noun	ita
centrocampista	noun	spa	centrocampista	noun	ita
centrocampista	noun	spa	centrocampista	noun	ita
centrocampista	noun	spa	centrocampista	noun	ita
centuriación	noun	spa	centuriazione	noun	ita
centímetro	noun	spa	centimetro	noun	ita
cepa	noun	spa	ceppo	noun	ita
cepillo	noun	spa	spazzola	noun	ita
cepo	noun	spa	tagliola	noun	ita
cera	noun	spa	cera	noun	ita
cercanía	noun	spa	cercanía	noun	ita
cerco	noun	spa	stretta	noun	ita
cerda	noun	spa	scrofa	noun	ita
cerdo	noun	spa	porco	noun	ita
cerdo	noun	spa	maiale	noun	ita
cereal	noun	spa	cereale	noun	ita
cerebro	noun	spa	cervello	noun	ita
cerebro	noun	spa	cervello	noun	ita
cerebro	noun	spa	cervello	noun	ita
cerebro	noun	spa	cervello	noun	ita
cerebro	noun	spa	cervello	noun	ita
ceremonia	noun	spa	cerimonia	noun	ita
cereza	noun	spa	ciliegia	noun	ita
cerezo	noun	spa	ciliegio	noun	ita
cerilla	noun	spa	fiammifero	noun	ita
cero	noun	spa	zero	noun	ita
cerradura	noun	spa	serratura	noun	ita
cerro	noun	spa	collina	noun	ita
certeza	noun	spa	certezza	noun	ita
certificación	noun	spa	certificazione	noun	ita
certificado	noun	spa	certificato	noun	ita
cerveza	noun	spa	birra	noun	ita
cerámica	noun	spa	ceramica	noun	ita
ni siquiera	adverb	spa	mica	adverb	ita
cesación	noun	spa	cessazione	noun	ita
cesión	noun	spa	cessione	noun	ita
cesión	noun	spa	trasferimento	noun	ita
cesta	noun	spa	cesta	noun	ita
cesta	noun	spa	paniere	noun	ita
cesto	noun	spa	cesto	noun	ita
cgt	noun	spa	cgt	noun	ita
champán	noun	spa	champagne	noun	ita
champán	noun	spa	champagne	noun	ita
champán	noun	spa	champagne	noun	ita
champú	noun	spa	sciampo	noun	ita
champú	noun	spa	sciampo	noun	ita
champú	noun	spa	sciampo	noun	ita
champú	noun	spa	shampoo	noun	ita
champú	noun	spa	shampoo	noun	ita
champú	noun	spa	shampoo	noun	ita
chamán	noun	spa	sciamano	noun	ita
chamán	noun	spa	sciamano	noun	ita
chamán	noun	spa	sciamano	noun	ita
chaqueta	noun	spa	giacca	noun	ita
charco	noun	spa	pozzanghera	noun	ita
charla	noun	spa	conferenza	noun	ita
charla	noun	spa	ciarla	noun	ita
charla	noun	spa	chiacchierata	noun	ita
chasis	noun	spa	telaio	noun	ita
chasis	noun	spa	telaio	noun	ita
chasis	noun	spa	telaio	noun	ita
chat	noun	spa	chat	noun	ita
chat	noun	spa	chat	noun	ita
chat	noun	spa	chat	noun	ita
chatarra	noun	spa	spazzatura	noun	ita
chef	noun	spa	chef	noun	ita
chef	noun	spa	chef	noun	ita
chef	noun	spa	chef	noun	ita
cheque	noun	spa	assegno	noun	ita
chichón	noun	spa	bernoccolo	noun	ita
chicle	noun	spa	gomma da masticare	noun	ita
chico	noun	spa	ragazzo	noun	ita
chileno	noun	spa	cileno	noun	ita
chimenea	noun	spa	camino	noun	ita
chimpancé	noun	spa	scimpanzè	noun	ita
chimpancé	noun	spa	scimpanzè	noun	ita
chimpancé	noun	spa	scimpanzé	noun	ita
chip	noun	spa	chip	noun	ita
chip	noun	spa	chip	noun	ita
chip	noun	spa	chip	noun	ita
chiquillo	noun	spa	ragazzino	noun	ita
chirimía	noun	spa	flagioletto	noun	ita
chispa	noun	spa	scintilla	noun	ita
chiste	noun	spa	barzelletta	noun	ita
chocolate	noun	spa	cioccolato	noun	ita
chocolate	adjective	spa	cioccolato	adjective	ita
choque	noun	spa	scontro	noun	ita
chorro	noun	spa	fiotto	noun	ita
chorro	noun	spa	getto	noun	ita
choza	noun	spa	baracca	noun	ita
chubasco	noun	spa	acquazzone	noun	ita
chuleta	noun	spa	cotoletta	noun	ita
chándal	noun	spa	tuta	noun	ita
cianuro	noun	spa	cianuro	noun	ita
cibernética	noun	spa	cibernetica	noun	ita
cicatriz	noun	spa	cicatrice	noun	ita
ciclismo	noun	spa	ciclismo	noun	ita
ciclista	noun	spa	ciclista	noun	ita
ciclista	noun	spa	ciclista	noun	ita
ciclista	noun	spa	ciclista	noun	ita
ciclo	noun	spa	ciclo	noun	ita
ciclón	noun	spa	ciclone	noun	ita
ciego	noun	spa	cieco	noun	ita
cielo	noun	spa	cielo	noun	ita
ciencia	noun	spa	scienza	noun	ita
ciencia ficción	noun	spa	fantascienza	noun	ita
ciencia informática	noun	spa	informatica	noun	ita
cientifidad	noun	spa	scientificità	noun	ita
cientifidad	noun	spa	scientificità	noun	ita
cientifidad	noun	spa	scientificità	noun	ita
cientos	noun	spa	centinaia	noun	ita
científico	noun	spa	scientifico	noun	ita
científico	noun	spa	scienziato	noun	ita
cierre	noun	spa	chiusura	noun	ita
cierre	noun	spa	fermo	noun	ita
ciervo	noun	spa	cervo	noun	ita
cifra	noun	spa	cifra	noun	ita
cigarrillo	noun	spa	sigaretta	noun	ita
cigarro	noun	spa	sigaro	noun	ita
cigüeña	noun	spa	cicogna	noun	ita
cilindro	noun	spa	cilindro	noun	ita
cima	noun	spa	cima	noun	ita
cima	noun	spa	sommità	noun	ita
cima	noun	spa	sommità	noun	ita
cima	noun	spa	sommità	noun	ita
cimiento	noun	spa	fondazione	noun	ita
cine	noun	spa	cinema	noun	ita
cine	noun	spa	cinema	noun	ita
cine	noun	spa	cinema	noun	ita
cineasta	noun	spa	regista	noun	ita
cineasta	noun	spa	regista	noun	ita
cineasta	noun	spa	regista	noun	ita
cinematografía	noun	spa	cinematografia	noun	ita
cinescopio	noun	spa	cinescopio	noun	ita
cinta	noun	spa	nastro	noun	ita
cintura	noun	spa	cinta	noun	ita
cinturón	noun	spa	cintura	noun	ita
ciprés	noun	spa	cipresso	noun	ita
circo	noun	spa	circo	noun	ita
circuito	noun	spa	circuito	noun	ita
circulación	noun	spa	circolazione	noun	ita
circular	noun	spa	circolare	noun	ita
circunferencia	noun	spa	circonferenza	noun	ita
circunnavegación	noun	spa	circumnavigazione	noun	ita
circunscripción	noun	spa	circoscrizione	noun	ita
circunsición	noun	spa	circoncisione	noun	ita
circunstancia	noun	spa	circostanza	noun	ita
circunvalación	noun	spa	circonvallazione	noun	ita
circunvolución	noun	spa	circonvoluzione	noun	ita
cirugía	noun	spa	chirurgia	noun	ita
cirujano	noun	spa	chirurgo	noun	ita
cisne	noun	spa	cigno	noun	ita
cisterna	noun	spa	cisterna	noun	ita
cita	noun	spa	appuntamento	noun	ita
citación	noun	spa	citazione	noun	ita
ciudad	noun	spa	città	noun	ita
ciudad	noun	spa	città	noun	ita
ciudad	noun	spa	città	noun	ita
ciudadano	noun	spa	cittadino	noun	ita
ciudadanía	noun	spa	cittadinanza	noun	ita
civil	noun	spa	civile	noun	ita
civilización	noun	spa	civiltà	noun	ita
civilización	noun	spa	civiltà	noun	ita
civilización	noun	spa	civiltà	noun	ita
civilización	noun	spa	civilizzazione	noun	ita
clan	noun	spa	clan	noun	ita
clan	noun	spa	clan	noun	ita
clan	noun	spa	clan	noun	ita
clandestino	noun	spa	clandestino	noun	ita
claridad	noun	spa	chiarezza	noun	ita
clarinete	noun	spa	clarinetto	noun	ita
claro	noun	spa	chiaro	noun	ita
clase	noun	spa	classe	noun	ita
clasificación	noun	spa	classifica	noun	ita
clasificación	noun	spa	classificazione	noun	ita
claustro	noun	spa	chiostro	noun	ita
clausura	noun	spa	clausura	noun	ita
clave	noun	spa	chiave	noun	ita
clavo	noun	spa	chiodo	noun	ita
clemencia	noun	spa	clemenza	noun	ita
clero	noun	spa	clero	noun	ita
clic	noun	spa	clic	noun	ita
clic	noun	spa	clic	noun	ita
clic	noun	spa	clic	noun	ita
cliché	noun	spa	cliché	noun	ita
cliché	noun	spa	cliché	noun	ita
cliché	noun	spa	cliché	noun	ita
click	noun	spa	click	noun	ita
click	noun	spa	click	noun	ita
click	noun	spa	click	noun	ita
cliente	noun	spa	cliente	noun	ita
cliente	noun	spa	cliente	noun	ita
cliente	noun	spa	cliente	noun	ita
clientela	noun	spa	clientela	noun	ita
clima	noun	spa	clima	noun	ita
climatología	noun	spa	climatologia	noun	ita
clip	noun	spa	clip	noun	ita
clip	noun	spa	clip	noun	ita
clip	noun	spa	clip	noun	ita
clon	noun	spa	clone	noun	ita
clonación	noun	spa	clonazione	noun	ita
cloro	noun	spa	cloro	noun	ita
club	noun	spa	club	noun	ita
cláusula	noun	spa	clausola	noun	ita
clímax	noun	spa	culmine	noun	ita
clímax	noun	spa	culmine	noun	ita
clímax	noun	spa	culmine	noun	ita
clínica	noun	spa	clinica	noun	ita
clítoris	noun	spa	clitoride	noun	ita
clítoris	noun	spa	clitoride	noun	ita
cm	noun	spa	cm	noun	ita
coagulación	noun	spa	coagulazione	noun	ita
coalición	noun	spa	coalizione	noun	ita
cobaya	noun	spa	cavia	noun	ita
cobertura	noun	spa	copertura	noun	ita
cobre	noun	spa	rame	noun	ita
cobro	noun	spa	riscossione	noun	ita
coca	noun	spa	torta	noun	ita
cocaína	noun	spa	cocaina	noun	ita
coche	noun	spa	auto	noun	ita
coche	noun	spa	macchina	noun	ita
coche	noun	spa	carrozza	noun	ita
cochera	noun	spa	garage	noun	ita
cochera	noun	spa	garage	noun	ita
cochera	noun	spa	garage	noun	ita
cocina	noun	spa	cucina	noun	ita
cocinero	noun	spa	cuoco	noun	ita
cocodrilo	noun	spa	coccodrillo	noun	ita
codicia	noun	spa	avidità	noun	ita
codicia	noun	spa	avidità	noun	ita
codicia	noun	spa	avidità	noun	ita
codificación	noun	spa	codificazione	noun	ita
codo	noun	spa	gomito	noun	ita
coeficiente	noun	spa	coefficiente	noun	ita
coerción	noun	spa	coercizione	noun	ita
coexistencia	noun	spa	coesistenza	noun	ita
cognición	noun	spa	cognizione	noun	ita
cohabitación	noun	spa	coabitazione	noun	ita
cohecho	noun	spa	corruzione	noun	ita
coherencia	noun	spa	coerenza	noun	ita
cohesión	noun	spa	coesione	noun	ita
cohete	noun	spa	razzo	noun	ita
coincidencia	noun	spa	coincidenza	noun	ita
cojinete	noun	spa	cuscinetto	noun	ita
col	noun	spa	cavolo	noun	ita
cola	noun	spa	coda	noun	ita
colaboracionismo	noun	spa	collaborazionismo	noun	ita
colaboración	noun	spa	collaborazione	noun	ita
colaborador	noun	spa	collaboratore	noun	ita
colapso	noun	spa	collasso	noun	ita
colcha	noun	spa	copriletto	noun	ita
colchón	noun	spa	materasso	noun	ita
coleccionista	noun	spa	collezionista	noun	ita
coleccionista	noun	spa	collezionista	noun	ita
coleccionista	noun	spa	collezionista	noun	ita
colección	noun	spa	collezione	noun	ita
colectividad	noun	spa	collettività	noun	ita
colectividad	noun	spa	collettività	noun	ita
colectividad	noun	spa	collettività	noun	ita
colectivo	noun	spa	collettivo	noun	ita
colega	noun	spa	collega	noun	ita
colega	noun	spa	collega	noun	ita
colega	noun	spa	collega	noun	ita
colegial	noun	spa	collegiale	noun	ita
colegio	noun	spa	scuola	noun	ita
colesterol	noun	spa	colesterolo	noun	ita
coliflor	noun	spa	cavolfiore	noun	ita
colina	noun	spa	collina	noun	ita
colisión	noun	spa	collisione	noun	ita
collar	noun	spa	collana	noun	ita
colmena	noun	spa	alveare	noun	ita
colmo	noun	spa	colmo	noun	ita
colocación	noun	spa	collocazione	noun	ita
colocación	noun	spa	sistemazione	noun	ita
colonia	noun	spa	colonia	noun	ita
colonialismo	noun	spa	colonialismo	noun	ita
colonización	noun	spa	colonizzazione	noun	ita
colono	noun	spa	colono	noun	ita
color	noun	spa	colore	noun	ita
coloración	noun	spa	colorazione	noun	ita
colorante	noun	spa	colorante	noun	ita
columna	noun	spa	colonna	noun	ita
columpio	noun	spa	altalena	noun	ita
coma	noun	spa	virgola	noun	ita
coma	noun	spa	coma	noun	ita
comandante	noun	spa	comandante	noun	ita
comando	noun	spa	comando	noun	ita
comarca	noun	spa	comarca	noun	ita
combate	noun	spa	combattimento	noun	ita
combatiente	noun	spa	combattente	noun	ita
combinación	noun	spa	combinazione	noun	ita
combustible	noun	spa	combustibile	noun	ita
combustible	noun	spa	carburante	noun	ita
combustión	noun	spa	combustione	noun	ita
comedia	noun	spa	commedia	noun	ita
comedor	noun	spa	sala da pranzo	noun	ita
comedor	noun	spa	mensa	noun	ita
comensal	noun	spa	commensale	noun	ita
comentario	noun	spa	commentario	noun	ita
comentario	noun	spa	commento	noun	ita
comercialización	noun	spa	commercializzazione	noun	ita
comerciante	noun	spa	commerciante	noun	ita
comercio	noun	spa	commercio	noun	ita
cometa	noun	spa	cometa	noun	ita
cometa	noun	spa	cometa	noun	ita
cometido	noun	spa	ruolo	noun	ita
comicidad	noun	spa	comicità	noun	ita
comicidad	noun	spa	comicità	noun	ita
comicidad	noun	spa	comicità	noun	ita
comida	noun	spa	cibo	noun	ita
comida	noun	spa	pranzo	noun	ita
comienzo	noun	spa	inizio	noun	ita
comillas	noun	spa	virgolette	noun	ita
comisario	noun	spa	commissario	noun	ita
comisario	noun	spa	commissario	noun	ita
comisario	noun	spa	commissario	noun	ita
comisión	noun	spa	commissione	noun	ita
comité	noun	spa	comitato	noun	ita
comodidad	noun	spa	comodità	noun	ita
comodidad	noun	spa	comodità	noun	ita
comodidad	noun	spa	comodità	noun	ita
compaginación	noun	spa	impaginazione	noun	ita
comparación	noun	spa	comparazione	noun	ita
comparación	noun	spa	equiparazione	noun	ita
comparación	noun	spa	paragone	noun	ita
compasión	noun	spa	compassione	noun	ita
compatibilidad	noun	spa	compatibilità	noun	ita
compatibilidad	noun	spa	compatibilità	noun	ita
compatibilidad	noun	spa	compatibilità	noun	ita
compañero	noun	spa	compagno	noun	ita
compañía	noun	spa	compagnia	noun	ita
compañía	noun	spa	azienda	noun	ita
compañía	noun	spa	ditta	noun	ita
compañía	noun	spa	società	noun	ita
compañía	noun	spa	società	noun	ita
compañía	noun	spa	società	noun	ita
compendio	noun	spa	compendio	noun	ita
compensación	noun	spa	risarcimento	noun	ita
compensación	noun	spa	compensazione	noun	ita
competencia	noun	spa	competenza	noun	ita
competencia	noun	spa	concorrenza	noun	ita
competición	noun	spa	competizione	noun	ita
competidor	noun	spa	concorrente	noun	ita
competidor	noun	spa	concorrente	noun	ita
competidor	noun	spa	concorrente	noun	ita
competidor	adjective	spa	concorrente	adjective	ita
competidor	adjective	spa	concorrente	adjective	ita
competidor	adjective	spa	concorrente	adjective	ita
competitividad	noun	spa	competitività	noun	ita
competitividad	noun	spa	competitività	noun	ita
competitividad	noun	spa	competitività	noun	ita
compilación	noun	spa	compilazione	noun	ita
complejidad	noun	spa	complessità	noun	ita
complejidad	noun	spa	complessità	noun	ita
complejidad	noun	spa	complessità	noun	ita
complejo	noun	spa	complesso	noun	ita
complemento	noun	spa	complemento	noun	ita
complicación	noun	spa	complicazione	noun	ita
complicidad	noun	spa	complicità	noun	ita
complicidad	noun	spa	complicità	noun	ita
complicidad	noun	spa	complicità	noun	ita
componente	noun	spa	componente	noun	ita
comportamiento	noun	spa	comportamento	noun	ita
composición	noun	spa	composizione	noun	ita
compositor	noun	spa	compositore	noun	ita
compra	noun	spa	acquisto	noun	ita
compra	noun	spa	spesa	noun	ita
compra	noun	spa	shopping	noun	ita
comprador	noun	spa	committente	noun	ita
comprador	noun	spa	acquirente	noun	ita
comprador	noun	spa	compratore	noun	ita
comprador	noun	spa	acquirente	noun	ita
comprensión	noun	spa	comprensione	noun	ita
compresión	noun	spa	compressione	noun	ita
compresor	noun	spa	compressore	noun	ita
compromiso	noun	spa	compromesso	noun	ita
compuerta	noun	spa	paratoia	noun	ita
compuesto	noun	spa	composto	noun	ita
computación	noun	spa	computazione	noun	ita
computador	noun	spa	computer	noun	ita
computador	noun	spa	computer	noun	ita
computador	noun	spa	computer	noun	ita
computador	noun	spa	computer	noun	ita
compás	noun	spa	compasso	noun	ita
comuna	noun	spa	comunità	noun	ita
comuna	noun	spa	comunità	noun	ita
comunicación	noun	spa	comunicazione	noun	ita
comunidad	noun	spa	comunità	noun	ita
comunidad	noun	spa	comunità	noun	ita
comunidad	noun	spa	comunità	noun	ita
comunismo	noun	spa	comunismo	noun	ita
comunista	noun	spa	comunista	noun	ita
comunista	noun	spa	comunista	noun	ita
comunista	noun	spa	comunista	noun	ita
comunión	noun	spa	comunione	noun	ita
común	noun	spa	comune	noun	ita
concatenación	noun	spa	concatenazione	noun	ita
concejal	noun	spa	assessore	noun	ita
concejal	noun	spa	assessore	noun	ita
concejal	noun	spa	assessore	noun	ita
concentración	noun	spa	concentrazione	noun	ita
concepción	noun	spa	concezione	noun	ita
concepto	noun	spa	concetto	noun	ita
concertación	noun	spa	concertazione	noun	ita
concesión	noun	spa	concessione	noun	ita
concha	noun	spa	conchiglia	noun	ita
conciencia	noun	spa	consapevolezza	noun	ita
conciencia	noun	spa	coscienza	noun	ita
concierto	noun	spa	concerto	noun	ita
concierto	noun	spa	trattativa	noun	ita
conciliación	noun	spa	conciliazione	noun	ita
conclusión	noun	spa	conclusione	noun	ita
concordia	noun	spa	concordia	noun	ita
concurrencia	noun	spa	concorso	noun	ita
concurso	noun	spa	concorso	noun	ita
condado	noun	spa	contea	noun	ita
conde	noun	spa	conte	noun	ita
condena	noun	spa	condanna	noun	ita
condensación	noun	spa	condensazione	noun	ita
condición	noun	spa	condizione	noun	ita
condimento	noun	spa	condimento	noun	ita
conducción	noun	spa	conduzione	noun	ita
conducta	noun	spa	condotta	noun	ita
conductividad	noun	spa	conducibilità	noun	ita
conductividad	noun	spa	conducibilità	noun	ita
conductividad	noun	spa	conducibilità	noun	ita
conducto	noun	spa	condotto	noun	ita
conductor	noun	spa	conduttore	noun	ita
conductor	noun	spa	autista	noun	ita
conductor	noun	spa	conducente	noun	ita
conductor	noun	spa	guidatore	noun	ita
condón	noun	spa	condom	noun	ita
condón	noun	spa	condom	noun	ita
condón	noun	spa	condom	noun	ita
condón	noun	spa	preservativo	noun	ita
conectividad	noun	spa	connettività	noun	ita
conectividad	noun	spa	connettività	noun	ita
conectividad	noun	spa	connettività	noun	ita
conectoma	noun	spa	connettoma	noun	ita
conejo	noun	spa	coniglio	noun	ita
conejo	noun	spa	coniglio	noun	ita
conejo	noun	spa	coniglio	noun	ita
conexión	noun	spa	connessione	noun	ita
confección	noun	spa	confezione	noun	ita
confederación	noun	spa	confederazione	noun	ita
conferencia	noun	spa	conferenza	noun	ita
conferencia	noun	spa	convegno	noun	ita
confesión	noun	spa	confessione	noun	ita
confiabilidad	noun	spa	affidabilità	noun	ita
confiabilidad	noun	spa	affidabilità	noun	ita
confiabilidad	noun	spa	affidabilità	noun	ita
confianza	noun	spa	fiducia	noun	ita
confianza	noun	spa	confidenza	noun	ita
configuración	noun	spa	configurazione	noun	ita
confirmación	noun	spa	confermazione	noun	ita
confirmación	noun	spa	conferma	noun	ita
confirmación	noun	spa	caso	noun	ita
conflicto	noun	spa	conflitto	noun	ita
conflictualidad	noun	spa	conflittualità	noun	ita
conflictualidad	noun	spa	conflittualità	noun	ita
conflictualidad	noun	spa	conflittualità	noun	ita
confluencia	noun	spa	confluenza	noun	ita
conformación	noun	spa	conformazione	noun	ita
conformidad	noun	spa	conformità	noun	ita
conformidad	noun	spa	conformità	noun	ita
conformidad	noun	spa	conformità	noun	ita
confort	noun	spa	comfort	noun	ita
confort	noun	spa	comfort	noun	ita
confort	noun	spa	comfort	noun	ita
confort	noun	spa	conforto	noun	ita
confrontación	noun	spa	confronto	noun	ita
confrontación	noun	spa	raffronto	noun	ita
confusión	noun	spa	confusione	noun	ita
congelación	noun	spa	congelamento	noun	ita
congestión	noun	spa	congestione	noun	ita
congregación	noun	spa	congregazione	noun	ita
congreso	noun	spa	congresso	noun	ita
conjetura	noun	spa	congettura	noun	ita
conjugación	noun	spa	coniugazione	noun	ita
conjunción	noun	spa	congiunzione	noun	ita
conjuntivitis	noun	spa	congiuntivite	noun	ita
conjunto	noun	spa	insieme	noun	ita
conmemoración	noun	spa	commemorazione	noun	ita
conmoción	noun	spa	commozione	noun	ita
conmutación	noun	spa	commutazione	noun	ita
conmutador	noun	spa	centralina	noun	ita
connotación	noun	spa	connotazione	noun	ita
cono	noun	spa	cono	noun	ita
conocimiento	noun	spa	conoscenza	noun	ita
conquista	noun	spa	conquista	noun	ita
consagración	noun	spa	consacrazione	noun	ita
consciencia	noun	spa	coscienza	noun	ita
consecución	noun	spa	conseguimento	noun	ita
consecuencia	noun	spa	conseguenza	noun	ita
consejero	noun	spa	consigliere	noun	ita
consejero	noun	spa	consigliere	noun	ita
consejero	noun	spa	consigliere	noun	ita
consejería	noun	spa	consiglio	noun	ita
consejo	noun	spa	consiglio	noun	ita
consenso	noun	spa	consenso	noun	ita
consentimiento	noun	spa	sopportazione	noun	ita
conserje	noun	spa	portinaio	noun	ita
conservación	noun	spa	conservazione	noun	ita
conservador	noun	spa	conservatore	noun	ita
conservadurismo	noun	spa	conservatorismo	noun	ita
conservante	noun	spa	conservante	noun	ita
conservatorio	noun	spa	conservatorio	noun	ita
consideración	noun	spa	considerazione	noun	ita
consistencia	noun	spa	consistenza	noun	ita
consistorio	noun	spa	concistoro	noun	ita
consola	noun	spa	consolle	noun	ita
consola	noun	spa	consolle	noun	ita
consola	noun	spa	consolle	noun	ita
consolación	noun	spa	consolazione	noun	ita
consolidación	noun	spa	consolidamento	noun	ita
consonante	noun	spa	consonante	noun	ita
consorcio	noun	spa	consorzio	noun	ita
conspiración	noun	spa	cospirazione	noun	ita
constancia	noun	spa	costanza	noun	ita
constante	noun	spa	costante	noun	ita
constelación	noun	spa	costellazione	noun	ita
consternación	noun	spa	costernazione	noun	ita
constipado	noun	spa	raffreddore	noun	ita
constitución	noun	spa	costituzione	noun	ita
construcción	noun	spa	edilizia	noun	ita
construcción	noun	spa	costruzione	noun	ita
consulado	noun	spa	consolato	noun	ita
consulta	noun	spa	consulta	noun	ita
consulta	noun	spa	consultazione	noun	ita
consultor	noun	spa	consulente	noun	ita
consultor	noun	spa	consulente	noun	ita
consultor	noun	spa	consulente	noun	ita
consumidor	noun	spa	consumatore	noun	ita
consumismo	noun	spa	consumismo	noun	ita
consumista	noun	spa	consumista	noun	ita
consumo	noun	spa	consumo	noun	ita
consumo	noun	spa	utenza	noun	ita
contabilidad	noun	spa	contabilità	noun	ita
contabilidad	noun	spa	contabilità	noun	ita
contabilidad	noun	spa	contabilità	noun	ita
contable	noun	spa	contabile	noun	ita
contable	adjective	spa	contabile	adjective	ita
contacto	noun	spa	contatto	noun	ita
contador	noun	spa	contatore	noun	ita
container	noun	spa	container	noun	ita
contaminación	noun	spa	inquinamento	noun	ita
contaminación	noun	spa	contaminazione	noun	ita
contante	noun	spa	contanti	noun	ita
contención	noun	spa	contenimento	noun	ita
contenedor	noun	spa	contenitore	noun	ita
contenedor	noun	spa	contenitore	noun	ita
contenedor	noun	spa	contenitore	noun	ita
contenimiento	noun	spa	contenimento	noun	ita
contestación	noun	spa	contestazione	noun	ita
contexto	noun	spa	contesto	noun	ita
continente	noun	spa	continente	noun	ita
continente	noun	spa	terraferma	noun	ita
contingente	noun	spa	contingente	noun	ita
continuación	noun	spa	proseguimento	noun	ita
continuación	noun	spa	prosieguo	noun	ita
continuación	noun	spa	continuazione	noun	ita
continuidad	noun	spa	continuità	noun	ita
continuidad	noun	spa	continuità	noun	ita
continuidad	noun	spa	continuità	noun	ita
continuum	noun	spa	continuum	noun	ita
contorno	noun	spa	contorno	noun	ita
contra	noun	spa	contro	noun	ita
contra	noun	spa	contro	noun	ita
contra	noun	spa	contro	noun	ita
contrabando	noun	spa	contrabbando	noun	ita
contracción	noun	spa	contrazione	noun	ita
contradicción	noun	spa	contraddizione	noun	ita
contraparte	noun	spa	controparte	noun	ita
contraposición	noun	spa	contrapposizione	noun	ita
contrariedad	noun	spa	disappunto	noun	ita
contraseña	noun	spa	password	noun	ita
contraseña	noun	spa	password	noun	ita
contraseña	noun	spa	password	noun	ita
contratación	noun	spa	contrattazione	noun	ita
contrato	noun	spa	contratto	noun	ita
contrato	noun	spa	appalto	noun	ita
contravención	noun	spa	contravvenzione	noun	ita
contribución	noun	spa	contributo	noun	ita
contribuyente	noun	spa	contribuente	noun	ita
control	noun	spa	controllo	noun	ita
controlador	noun	spa	controller	noun	ita
controlador	noun	spa	controller	noun	ita
controlador	noun	spa	controller	noun	ita
controversia	noun	spa	polemica	noun	ita
conurbación	noun	spa	conurbazione	noun	ita
convección	noun	spa	convezione	noun	ita
convención	noun	spa	convenzione	noun	ita
conveniencia	noun	spa	convenienza	noun	ita
convenio	noun	spa	convenzione	noun	ita
convento	noun	spa	convento	noun	ita
convergencia	noun	spa	convergenza	noun	ita
conversación	noun	spa	conversazione	noun	ita
conversión	noun	spa	conversione	noun	ita
convertibilidad	noun	spa	convertibilità	noun	ita
convertibilidad	noun	spa	convertibilità	noun	ita
convertibilidad	noun	spa	convertibilità	noun	ita
convicción	noun	spa	convinzione	noun	ita
convivencia	noun	spa	convivenza	noun	ita
convocación	noun	spa	convocazione	noun	ita
convocatoria	noun	spa	convocazione	noun	ita
conífera	noun	spa	conifera	noun	ita
cool	noun	spa	cool	noun	ita
cool	noun	spa	cool	noun	ita
cool	noun	spa	cool	noun	ita
coraje	noun	spa	coraggio	noun	ita
cooperación	noun	spa	cooperazione	noun	ita
cooperación	noun	spa	cooperazione	noun	ita
cooperativa	noun	spa	cooperativa	noun	ita
coordinación	noun	spa	coordinazione	noun	ita
coordinación	noun	spa	coordinamento	noun	ita
copa	noun	spa	tazza	noun	ita
copia	noun	spa	copia	noun	ita
copulación	noun	spa	copulazione	noun	ita
copyright	noun	spa	copyright	noun	ita
copyright	noun	spa	copyright	noun	ita
copyright	noun	spa	copyright	noun	ita
coraje	noun	spa	coraggio	noun	ita
coral	noun	spa	coro	noun	ita
coral	noun	spa	corallo	noun	ita
corazón	noun	spa	cuore	noun	ita
corbata	noun	spa	cravatta	noun	ita
corchete	noun	spa	fibbia	noun	ita
corcho	noun	spa	sughero	noun	ita
corderito	noun	spa	agnello	noun	ita
cordero	noun	spa	agnello	noun	ita
cordillera	noun	spa	cordigliera	noun	ita
cordobés	noun	spa	cordovese	noun	ita
cordobés	noun	spa	cordovese	noun	ita
cordobés	noun	spa	cordovese	noun	ita
cordón	noun	spa	cordone	noun	ita
coreano	noun	spa	coreano	noun	ita
coreografía	noun	spa	coreografia	noun	ita
cornisa	noun	spa	cornice	noun	ita
coro	noun	spa	coro	noun	ita
corona	noun	spa	corona	noun	ita
coronación	noun	spa	coronazione	noun	ita
coronación	noun	spa	incoronazione	noun	ita
coronel	noun	spa	colonnello	noun	ita
corporación	noun	spa	corporation	noun	ita
corporación	noun	spa	corporation	noun	ita
corporación	noun	spa	corporation	noun	ita
correa	noun	spa	guinzaglio	noun	ita
corrección	noun	spa	correzione	noun	ita
corredor	noun	spa	corridore	noun	ita
correlación	noun	spa	correlazione	noun	ita
correo	noun	spa	posta	noun	ita
correo electrónico	noun	spa	email	noun	ita
correspondencia	noun	spa	corrispondenza	noun	ita
correspondencia	noun	spa	corriere	noun	ita
corresponsal	noun	spa	inviato	noun	ita
corresponsal	noun	spa	inviato	noun	ita
corresponsal	noun	spa	inviato	noun	ita
enviado	adjective	spa	inviato	adjective	ita
corriente	noun	spa	corrente	noun	ita
corrupción	noun	spa	corruzione	noun	ita
cortafuego	noun	spa	firewall	noun	ita
corte	noun	spa	taglio	noun	ita
cortejo	noun	spa	corteggiamento	noun	ita
corteza	noun	spa	corteccia	noun	ita
cortina	noun	spa	tamponamento	noun	ita
corto plazo	noun	spa	breve termine	noun	ita
cortocircuito	noun	spa	cortocircuito	noun	ita
cortometraje	noun	spa	cortometraggio	noun	ita
cosa	noun	spa	cosa	noun	ita
cosa	noun	spa	cosa	noun	ita
cosa	noun	spa	roba	noun	ita
cosecha	noun	spa	raccolto	noun	ita
cosmología	noun	spa	cosmologia	noun	ita
cosmonauta	noun	spa	cosmonauta	noun	ita
cosmonauta	noun	spa	cosmonauta	noun	ita
cosmonauta	noun	spa	cosmonauta	noun	ita
cosmos	noun	spa	cosmo	noun	ita
cosmos	noun	spa	cosmo	noun	ita
cosmos	noun	spa	cosmo	noun	ita
cosmético	noun	spa	cosmetico	noun	ita
cosmética	noun	spa	cosmetica	noun	ita
cosmético	adjective	spa	cosmetico	adjective	ita
cosquilla	noun	spa	solletico	noun	ita
costa	noun	spa	costo	noun	ita
coste	noun	spa	costo	noun	ita
costilla	noun	spa	costola	noun	ita
costo	noun	spa	costo	noun	ita
costumbre	noun	spa	abitudine	noun	ita
cotización	noun	spa	quotazione	noun	ita
coñac	noun	spa	cognac	noun	ita
coñac	noun	spa	cognac	noun	ita
coñac	noun	spa	cognac	noun	ita
coño	noun	spa	vulva	noun	ita
crack	noun	spa	crack	noun	ita
crack	noun	spa	crack	noun	ita
crack	noun	spa	crack	noun	ita
creación	noun	spa	creazione	noun	ita
creación	noun	spa	avviamento	noun	ita
creador	noun	spa	creatore	noun	ita
creatividad	noun	spa	creatività	noun	ita
creatividad	noun	spa	creatività	noun	ita
creatividad	noun	spa	creatività	noun	ita
creativo	noun	spa	creativo	noun	ita
creativo	noun	spa	creativo	noun	ita
creativo	noun	spa	creativo	noun	ita
crecimiento	noun	spa	crescita	noun	ita
credencial	noun	spa	credenziale	noun	ita
credibilidad	noun	spa	credibilità	noun	ita
credibilidad	noun	spa	credibilità	noun	ita
credibilidad	noun	spa	credibilità	noun	ita
creencia	noun	spa	fede	noun	ita
crema	noun	spa	crema	noun	ita
cremación	noun	spa	cremazione	noun	ita
crepe	noun	spa	crêpe	noun	ita
crepe	noun	spa	crêpe	noun	ita
crepe	noun	spa	crêpe	noun	ita
crepúsculo	noun	spa	crepuscolo	noun	ita
cresta	noun	spa	cresta	noun	ita
cretino	noun	spa	cretino	noun	ita
criadero	noun	spa	vivaio	noun	ita
criado	noun	spa	domestico	noun	ita
crianza	noun	spa	allevamento	noun	ita
criatura	noun	spa	creatura	noun	ita
cricket	noun	spa	cricket	noun	ita
crimen	noun	spa	crimine	noun	ita
criminalidad	noun	spa	criminalità	noun	ita
criminalidad	noun	spa	criminalità	noun	ita
criminalidad	noun	spa	criminalità	noun	ita
criminología	noun	spa	criminologia	noun	ita
criptografía	noun	spa	crittografia	noun	ita
crisis	noun	spa	crisi	noun	ita
cristal	noun	spa	cristallo	noun	ita
cristalización	noun	spa	cristallizzazione	noun	ita
cristiandad	noun	spa	cristianità	noun	ita
cristiandad	noun	spa	cristianità	noun	ita
cristiandad	noun	spa	cristianità	noun	ita
cristianismo	noun	spa	cristianesimo	noun	ita
cristianización	noun	spa	cristianizzazione	noun	ita
cristiano	noun	spa	cristiano	noun	ita
criterio	noun	spa	criterio	noun	ita
cromosoma	noun	spa	cromosoma	noun	ita
cronología	noun	spa	cronologia	noun	ita
cronología	noun	spa	periodo	noun	ita
cronómetro	noun	spa	cronometro	noun	ita
cross	noun	spa	cross	noun	ita
crowdfunding	noun	spa	crowdfunding	noun	ita
crowdfunding	noun	spa	crowdfunding	noun	ita
crowdfunding	noun	spa	crowdfunding	noun	ita
cruce	noun	spa	incrocio	noun	ita
crucero	noun	spa	incrociatore	noun	ita
crucero	noun	spa	crociera	noun	ita
crucifijo	noun	spa	crocifisso	noun	ita
crueldad	noun	spa	crudeltà	noun	ita
crueldad	noun	spa	crudeltà	noun	ita
crueldad	noun	spa	crudeltà	noun	ita
cruz	noun	spa	croce	noun	ita
cruzada	noun	spa	crociata	noun	ita
cruzado	noun	spa	crociato	noun	ita
cráneo	noun	spa	cranio	noun	ita
cráter	noun	spa	cratere	noun	ita
crédito	noun	spa	credito	noun	ita
cría	noun	spa	cucciolo	noun	ita
crítico	noun	spa	critico	noun	ita
crónica	noun	spa	cronaca	noun	ita
cuaderno	noun	spa	quaderno	noun	ita
cuadra	noun	spa	scuderia ippica	noun	ita
cuadrante	noun	spa	quadrante	noun	ita
cuadro	noun	spa	quadro	noun	ita
cuadro	noun	spa	tabella	noun	ita
cuadrícula	noun	spa	griglia	noun	ita
cuajo	noun	spa	caglio	noun	ita
cualidad	noun	spa	qualità	noun	ita
cualidad	noun	spa	qualità	noun	ita
cualidad	noun	spa	qualità	noun	ita
cualificación	noun	spa	qualificazione	noun	ita
cuarentena	noun	spa	quarantena	noun	ita
cuaresma	noun	spa	quaresima	noun	ita
cuaresma	noun	spa	quaresima	noun	ita
cuarto	noun	spa	stanza	noun	ita
cubano	noun	spa	cubano	noun	ita
cubierta	noun	spa	coperta	noun	ita
cubismo	noun	spa	cubismo	noun	ita
cubo	noun	spa	cubo	noun	ita
cubo	noun	spa	secchio	noun	ita
cubículo	noun	spa	cubicolo	noun	ita
cucaracha	noun	spa	blatta	noun	ita
cucaracha	noun	spa	scarafaggio	noun	ita
cuchara	noun	spa	cucchiaio	noun	ita
cuchara	noun	spa	cucchiaio	noun	ita
cuchilla	noun	spa	lametta	noun	ita
cuchillo	noun	spa	coltello	noun	ita
cuello	noun	spa	collo	noun	ita
cuenca	noun	spa	conca	noun	ita
cuenco	noun	spa	scodella	noun	ita
cuenta	noun	spa	conto	noun	ita
cuenta	noun	spa	account	noun	ita
cuenta	noun	spa	account	noun	ita
cuenta	noun	spa	account	noun	ita
cuento	noun	spa	storia	noun	ita
cuerda	noun	spa	corda	noun	ita
cuerda	noun	spa	corda	noun	ita
cuero	noun	spa	cuoio	noun	ita
cuerpo	noun	spa	corpo	noun	ita
cuervo	noun	spa	corvo	noun	ita
cuervo	noun	spa	corvo	noun	ita
cuesta	noun	spa	costa	noun	ita
cuestionario	noun	spa	quiz	noun	ita
cuestionario	noun	spa	quiz	noun	ita
cuestionario	noun	spa	quiz	noun	ita
cuestión	noun	spa	questione	noun	ita
cuestión	noun	spa	problema	noun	ita
cueva	noun	spa	grotta	noun	ita
cuidado	noun	spa	cura	noun	ita
cuidador	noun	spa	badante	noun	ita
cuidador	noun	spa	badante	noun	ita
cuidador	noun	spa	badante	noun	ita
culo	noun	spa	culo	noun	ita
culpa	noun	spa	colpa	noun	ita
culpable	noun	spa	colpevole	noun	ita
cultivador	noun	spa	coltivatore	noun	ita
cultivo	noun	spa	coltivazione	noun	ita
culto	noun	spa	culto	noun	ita
culto	noun	spa	colto	noun	ita
culto	noun	spa	colto	noun	ita
culto	noun	spa	colto	noun	ita
cultura	noun	spa	cultura	noun	ita
cultura	noun	spa	coltura	noun	ita
cumbre	noun	spa	vertice	noun	ita
cumpleaños	noun	spa	compleanno	noun	ita
cumpleaños	noun	spa	compleanno	noun	ita
cumpleaños	noun	spa	compleanno	noun	ita
cumplido	noun	spa	complimento	noun	ita
cumplimiento	noun	spa	raggiungimento	noun	ita
cumplimiento	noun	spa	compimento	noun	ita
cuna	noun	spa	culla	noun	ita
cuota	noun	spa	quota	noun	ita
cupón	noun	spa	cedola	noun	ita
cura	noun	spa	cura	noun	ita
cura	noun	spa	prete	noun	ita
curación	noun	spa	guarigione	noun	ita
curador	noun	spa	curatore	noun	ita
curdo	noun	spa	curdo	noun	ita
curiosidad	noun	spa	curiosità	noun	ita
curiosidad	noun	spa	curiosità	noun	ita
curiosidad	noun	spa	curiosità	noun	ita
curioso	noun	spa	curioso	noun	ita
currículo	noun	spa	curriculum	noun	ita
curso	noun	spa	corso	noun	ita
curva	noun	spa	curva	noun	ita
custodia	noun	spa	custodia	noun	ita
custodia	noun	spa	affidamento	noun	ita
cuán	noun	spa	quanto	noun	ita
cuña	noun	spa	cuneo	noun	ita
cv	noun	spa	cv	noun	ita
cálculo	noun	spa	calcolo	noun	ita
cámara	noun	spa	camera	noun	ita
cámara	noun	spa	cameraman	noun	ita
cámara	noun	spa	cameraman	noun	ita
cámara	noun	spa	cameraman	noun	ita
retardador	noun	spa	rallentatore	noun	ita
cáncer	noun	spa	cancro	noun	ita
cánnabis	noun	spa	cannabis	noun	ita
cápsula	noun	spa	capsula	noun	ita
cárcel	noun	spa	carcere	noun	ita
cárcel	noun	spa	galera	noun	ita
cáscara	noun	spa	guscio	noun	ita
cátedra	noun	spa	cattedra	noun	ita
cáñamo	noun	spa	canapa	noun	ita
célula	noun	spa	cellula	noun	ita
célula	noun	spa	cella	noun	ita
céntimo	noun	spa	centesimo	noun	ita
césped	noun	spa	prato	noun	ita
címbalo	noun	spa	piatto	noun	ita
círculo	noun	spa	circolo	noun	ita
cítrico	noun	spa	agrumi	noun	ita
cóctel	noun	spa	cocktail	noun	ita
cóctel	noun	spa	cocktail	noun	ita
cóctel	noun	spa	cocktail	noun	ita
código	noun	spa	codice	noun	ita
código de barras	noun	spa	codice a barre	noun	ita
cólera	noun	spa	collera	noun	ita
cólera	noun	spa	colera	noun	ita
cómic	noun	spa	fumetto	noun	ita
cómico	noun	spa	comico	noun	ita
cómplice	noun	spa	complice	noun	ita
cómputo	noun	spa	computo	noun	ita
cónsul	noun	spa	console	noun	ita
cónsul	noun	spa	console	noun	ita
cónsul	noun	spa	console	noun	ita
cónyuge	noun	spa	coniuge	noun	ita
cúmulo	noun	spa	ammasso	noun	ita
cúpula	noun	spa	cupola	noun	ita
abril	noun	spa	aprile	noun	ita
da	noun	spa	da	noun	ita
dado	noun	spa	dado	noun	ita
dama	noun	spa	dama	noun	ita
danza	noun	spa	danza	noun	ita
danés	noun	spa	danese	noun	ita
danés	noun	spa	danese	noun	ita
danés	noun	spa	danese	noun	ita
dardo	noun	spa	dardo	noun	ita
data	noun	spa	data	noun	ita
datación	noun	spa	datazione	noun	ita
dato	noun	spa	dato	noun	ita
daño	noun	spa	danno	noun	ita
debate	noun	spa	dibattito	noun	ita
deber	noun	spa	dovere	noun	ita
debilidad	noun	spa	debolezza	noun	ita
debilitamiento	noun	spa	indebolimento	noun	ita
debut	noun	spa	debutto	noun	ita
decadencia	noun	spa	decadenza	noun	ita
decantación	noun	spa	decantazione	noun	ita
decapitación	noun	spa	decapitazione	noun	ita
decena	noun	spa	decina	noun	ita
decenio	noun	spa	decennio	noun	ita
decepción	noun	spa	delusione	noun	ita
decibelio	noun	spa	decibel	noun	ita
decibelio	noun	spa	decibel	noun	ita
decibelio	noun	spa	decibel	noun	ita
decimal	noun	spa	decimale	noun	ita
decimalización	noun	spa	decimalizzazione	noun	ita
decir	noun	spa	dire	noun	ita
decisión	noun	spa	decisione	noun	ita
declaración	noun	spa	dichiarazione	noun	ita
declinación	noun	spa	declinazione	noun	ita
declive	noun	spa	declino	noun	ita
decoloración	noun	spa	decolorazione	noun	ita
decoración	noun	spa	decorazione	noun	ita
dedicación	noun	spa	dedizione	noun	ita
dedo	noun	spa	dito	noun	ita
dedo	noun	spa	dito	noun	ita
dedo	noun	spa	dito	noun	ita
dedo	noun	spa	dito	noun	ita
dedo corazón	noun	spa	dito medio	noun	ita
dedo medio	noun	spa	dito medio	noun	ita
dedo meñique	noun	spa	dito mignolo	noun	ita
dedo pequeño	noun	spa	dito mignolo	noun	ita
dedo índice	noun	spa	dito indice	noun	ita
deducción	noun	spa	deduzione	noun	ita
defecto	noun	spa	difetto	noun	ita
defensa	noun	spa	difesa	noun	ita
defensor	noun	spa	difensore	noun	ita
defensor	noun	spa	sostenitore	noun	ita
deficiencia	noun	spa	carenza	noun	ita
deficiencia	noun	spa	deficit	noun	ita
deficiente	noun	spa	deficiente	noun	ita
definición	noun	spa	definizione	noun	ita
deflación	noun	spa	deflazione	noun	ita
deforestación	noun	spa	deforestazione	noun	ita
deforestación	noun	spa	disboscamento	noun	ita
deformación	noun	spa	deformazione	noun	ita
defragmentación	noun	spa	deframmentazione	noun	ita
defunción	noun	spa	morte	noun	ita
degeneración	noun	spa	degenerazione	noun	ita
degradación	noun	spa	degradazione	noun	ita
degustación	noun	spa	degustazione	noun	ita
dejadez	noun	spa	sciattezza	noun	ita
del	noun	spa	del	noun	ita
delación	noun	spa	delazione	noun	ita
delegación	noun	spa	delegazione	noun	ita
delfín	noun	spa	delfino	noun	ita
deliberación	noun	spa	deliberazione	noun	ita
delimitación	noun	spa	delimitazione	noun	ita
delincuencia	noun	spa	delinquenza	noun	ita
delincuente	noun	spa	delinquente	noun	ita
delincuente	adjective	spa	delinquente	adjective	ita
delito	noun	spa	reato	noun	ita
delito	noun	spa	delitto	noun	ita
delocalización	noun	spa	delocalizzazione	noun	ita
delta	noun	spa	delta	noun	ita
delta	noun	spa	delta	noun	ita
delta	noun	spa	delta	noun	ita
demagogia	noun	spa	demagogia	noun	ita
demanda	noun	spa	domanda	noun	ita
demarcación	noun	spa	demarcazione	noun	ita
demencia	noun	spa	follia	noun	ita
demencia	noun	spa	demenza	noun	ita
demistificación	noun	spa	demistificazione	noun	ita
democracia	noun	spa	democrazia	noun	ita
democracia	noun	spa	democrazia	noun	ita
demografía	noun	spa	demografia	noun	ita
demolición	noun	spa	demolizione	noun	ita
demonio	noun	spa	demone	noun	ita
demonización	noun	spa	demonizzazione	noun	ita
demostración	noun	spa	dimostrazione	noun	ita
demostración	noun	spa	demo	noun	ita
demostración	noun	spa	demo	noun	ita
demostración	noun	spa	demo	noun	ita
demócrata	noun	spa	democratico	noun	ita
demócrata	noun	spa	democratico	noun	ita
demócrata	noun	spa	democratico	noun	ita
denegación	noun	spa	rifiuto	noun	ita
denominación	noun	spa	denominazione	noun	ita
densidad	noun	spa	densità	noun	ita
densidad	noun	spa	densità	noun	ita
densidad	noun	spa	densità	noun	ita
dentadura	noun	spa	dentatura	noun	ita
dentición	noun	spa	dentizione	noun	ita
dentista	noun	spa	dentista	noun	ita
dentista	noun	spa	dentista	noun	ita
dentista	noun	spa	dentista	noun	ita
denuncia	noun	spa	denuncia	noun	ita
departamento	noun	spa	dipartimento	noun	ita
departamento	noun	spa	reparto	noun	ita
dependencia	noun	spa	dipendenza	noun	ita
deportación	noun	spa	deportazione	noun	ita
dependiente	noun	spa	commesso	noun	ita
deporte	noun	spa	sport	noun	ita
deporte	noun	spa	sport	noun	ita
deporte	noun	spa	sport	noun	ita
deportista	noun	spa	sportivo	noun	ita
deportista	noun	spa	sportivo	noun	ita
deportista	noun	spa	sportivo	noun	ita
deposición	noun	spa	deposizione	noun	ita
depositante	noun	spa	depositante	noun	ita
depreciación	noun	spa	deprezzamento	noun	ita
depredador	noun	spa	predatore	noun	ita
depresión	noun	spa	depressione	noun	ita
deprimido	noun	spa	depresso	noun	ita
depuración	noun	spa	depurazione	noun	ita
depuración	noun	spa	epurazione	noun	ita
depósito	noun	spa	deposito	noun	ita
depósito	noun	spa	custodia	noun	ita
derecha	noun	spa	destra	noun	ita
derecho	noun	spa	diritto	noun	ita
derivación	noun	spa	derivazione	noun	ita
derivado	noun	spa	derivata	noun	ita
derrame	noun	spa	perdita	noun	ita
derrame	noun	spa	ictus	noun	ita
derrota	noun	spa	sconfitta	noun	ita
derrumbe	noun	spa	crollo	noun	ita
desaceleración	noun	spa	decelerazione	noun	ita
desacuerdo	noun	spa	disaccordo	noun	ita
desafío	noun	spa	sfida	noun	ita
desagrado	noun	spa	dispiacere	noun	ita
desajuste	noun	spa	perturbazione	noun	ita
desalinización	noun	spa	desalinizzazione	noun	ita
desambiguación	noun	spa	disambiguazione	noun	ita
desapalancamiento	noun	spa	deleveraging	noun	ita
desapalancamiento	noun	spa	riduzione della leva finanziaria	noun	ita
desaparición	noun	spa	sparizione	noun	ita
desaprobación	noun	spa	disapprovazione	noun	ita
desarrollador	noun	spa	sviluppatore	noun	ita
desarrollo	noun	spa	sviluppo	noun	ita
desastre	noun	spa	disastro	noun	ita
desayuno	noun	spa	colazione	noun	ita
descalificación	noun	spa	declassamento	noun	ita
descanso	noun	spa	riposo	noun	ita
descanso	noun	spa	sosta	noun	ita
descapotable	noun	spa	cabriolet	noun	ita
descapotable	noun	spa	cabriolet	noun	ita
descapotable	noun	spa	cabriolet	noun	ita
descendencia	noun	spa	discendenza	noun	ita
descendencia	noun	spa	prole	noun	ita
descendiente	noun	spa	discendente	noun	ita
descenso	noun	spa	flessione	noun	ita
descenso	noun	spa	ribasso	noun	ita
descenso	noun	spa	retrocessione	noun	ita
descenso	noun	spa	discesa	noun	ita
descentralización	noun	spa	devoluzione	noun	ita
descentralización	noun	spa	decentralizzazione	noun	ita
descolonización	noun	spa	decolonizzazione	noun	ita
descomposición	noun	spa	decomposizione	noun	ita
descomposición	noun	spa	scomposizione	noun	ita
desconexión	noun	spa	disconnessione	noun	ita
desconfianza	noun	spa	diffidenza	noun	ita
desconocido	noun	spa	ignoto	noun	ita
descripción	noun	spa	descrizione	noun	ita
descubrimiento	noun	spa	scoperta	noun	ita
desdicha	noun	spa	infelicità	noun	ita
desdicha	noun	spa	infelicità	noun	ita
desdicha	noun	spa	infelicità	noun	ita
desecación	noun	spa	disseccazione	noun	ita
desecación	noun	spa	essiccazione	noun	ita
desecho	noun	spa	scarto	noun	ita
desembocadura	noun	spa	sbocco	noun	ita
desempeño	noun	spa	svolgimento	noun	ita
desempleado	noun	spa	disoccupato	noun	ita
desempleo	noun	spa	disoccupazione	noun	ita
desensibilización	noun	spa	desensibilizzazione	noun	ita
deseo	noun	spa	desiderio	noun	ita
desequilibrio	noun	spa	squilibrio	noun	ita
deserción	noun	spa	diserzione	noun	ita
desertificación	noun	spa	desertificazione	noun	ita
desesperación	noun	spa	disperazione	noun	ita
desesperanza	noun	spa	disperazione	noun	ita
desfase	noun	spa	divario	noun	ita
desfiladero	noun	spa	gola	noun	ita
desgaste	noun	spa	sperpero	noun	ita
desgaste	noun	spa	usura	noun	ita
desgracia	noun	spa	disgrazia	noun	ita
desguace	noun	spa	demolizione	noun	ita
deshabilidad	noun	spa	disabilità	noun	ita
deshabilidad	noun	spa	disabilità	noun	ita
deshabilidad	noun	spa	disabilità	noun	ita
deshidratación	noun	spa	disidratazione	noun	ita
deshielo	noun	spa	disgelo	noun	ita
desidia	noun	spa	apatia	noun	ita
desierto	noun	spa	deserto	noun	ita
designación	noun	spa	designazione	noun	ita
designio	noun	spa	intento	noun	ita
desigualdad	noun	spa	diseguaglianza	noun	ita
desigualdad	noun	spa	disuguaglianza	noun	ita
desigualdad	noun	spa	disparità	noun	ita
desigualdad	noun	spa	disparità	noun	ita
desigualdad	noun	spa	disparità	noun	ita
desigualdad	noun	spa	diseguaglianza	noun	ita
desigualdad	noun	spa	disuguaglianza	noun	ita
desigualdad	noun	spa	ineguaglianza	noun	ita
desinencia	noun	spa	desinenza	noun	ita
desinfección	noun	spa	disinfezione	noun	ita
desinfectante	noun	spa	disinfettante	noun	ita
desinformación	noun	spa	disinformazione	noun	ita
desintegración	noun	spa	disintegrazione	noun	ita
desliz	noun	spa	scivolamento	noun	ita
desnaturalización	noun	spa	denaturazione	noun	ita
desnutrición	noun	spa	malnutrizione	noun	ita
desnutrición	noun	spa	denutrizione	noun	ita
desodorante	noun	spa	deodorante	noun	ita
desolación	noun	spa	desolazione	noun	ita
desorden	noun	spa	disordine	noun	ita
despacho	noun	spa	ufficio	noun	ita
despedida	noun	spa	addio	noun	ita
despegue	noun	spa	decollo	noun	ita
despensa	noun	spa	credenza	noun	ita
desperdicio	noun	spa	avanzo	noun	ita
despertador	noun	spa	sveglia	noun	ita
despido	noun	spa	licenziamento	noun	ita
despilfarro	noun	spa	spreco	noun	ita
desplazamiento	noun	spa	spostamento	noun	ita
despliegue	noun	spa	spiegamento	noun	ita
desplome	noun	spa	crollo	noun	ita
desproporción	noun	spa	sproporzione	noun	ita
desregulación	noun	spa	deregolamentazione	noun	ita
destello	noun	spa	flash	noun	ita
destello	noun	spa	flash	noun	ita
destello	noun	spa	flash	noun	ita
destierro	noun	spa	esilio	noun	ita
destilación	noun	spa	distillazione	noun	ita
destinatario	noun	spa	destinatario	noun	ita
destino	noun	spa	destino	noun	ita
destino	noun	spa	destinazione	noun	ita
destino	noun	spa	destinazione	noun	ita
destino	noun	spa	destinazione	noun	ita
destitución	noun	spa	destituzione	noun	ita
destornillador	noun	spa	cacciavite	noun	ita
destreza	noun	spa	destrezza	noun	ita
destrucción	noun	spa	distruzione	noun	ita
destructor	noun	spa	cacciatorpediniere	noun	ita
desventaja	noun	spa	svantaggio	noun	ita
desviación	noun	spa	deviazione	noun	ita
detalle	noun	spa	dettaglio	noun	ita
detección	noun	spa	rilevazione	noun	ita
detección	noun	spa	rilevamento	noun	ita
detective	noun	spa	investigatore	noun	ita
detective	noun	spa	investigatore	noun	ita
detective	noun	spa	investigatore	noun	ita
detector	noun	spa	rivelatore	noun	ita
detector	noun	spa	rivelatore	noun	ita
detector	noun	spa	rivelatore	noun	ita
detención	noun	spa	detenzione	noun	ita
detergente	noun	spa	detergente	noun	ita
deterioro	noun	spa	deterioramento	noun	ita
determinación	noun	spa	determinazione	noun	ita
determinante	noun	spa	determinante	noun	ita
detonación	noun	spa	detonazione	noun	ita
deuda	noun	spa	debito	noun	ita
deudor	noun	spa	debitore	noun	ita
devaluación	noun	spa	svalutazione	noun	ita
devastación	noun	spa	devastazione	noun	ita
devoción	noun	spa	devozione	noun	ita
devolución	noun	spa	restituzione	noun	ita
devolución	noun	spa	devoluzione	noun	ita
diabetes	noun	spa	diabete	noun	ita
diabetes	noun	spa	diabete	noun	ita
diabetes	noun	spa	diabete	noun	ita
diablo	noun	spa	diavolo	noun	ita
diablo	noun	spa	diavolo	noun	ita
diablo	noun	spa	diavolo	noun	ita
diabólico	noun	spa	diabolico	noun	ita
diagnóstico	noun	spa	diagnosi	noun	ita
diagnóstico	noun	spa	diagnosi	noun	ita
diagnóstico	noun	spa	diagnosi	noun	ita
diagrama	noun	spa	diagramma	noun	ita
diagrama	noun	spa	diagramma	noun	ita
diagrama	noun	spa	diagramma	noun	ita
dialecto	noun	spa	dialetto	noun	ita
dialéctica	noun	spa	dialettica	noun	ita
diamante	noun	spa	diamante	noun	ita
diana	noun	spa	diana	noun	ita
diapositiva	noun	spa	diapositiva	noun	ita
diario	noun	spa	diario	noun	ita
diario	noun	spa	quotidiano	noun	ita
diarrea	noun	spa	diarrea	noun	ita
dibujante	noun	spa	disegnatore	noun	ita
dibujante	noun	spa	disegnatore	noun	ita
dibujante	noun	spa	disegnatore	noun	ita
dibujo	noun	spa	disegno	noun	ita
diccionario	noun	spa	dizionario	noun	ita
dicción	noun	spa	dizione	noun	ita
diciembre	noun	spa	dicembre	noun	ita
dictador	noun	spa	dittatore	noun	ita
dictadura	noun	spa	dittatura	noun	ita
dictamen	noun	spa	dictamen	noun	ita
dictamen	noun	spa	dictamen	noun	ita
dictamen	noun	spa	dictamen	noun	ita
diente	noun	spa	dente	noun	ita
dieta	noun	spa	dieta	noun	ita
difamación	noun	spa	diffamazione	noun	ita
diferencia	noun	spa	divario	noun	ita
diferencia	noun	spa	differenza	noun	ita
diferenciación	noun	spa	differenziazione	noun	ita
diferencial	noun	spa	differenziale	noun	ita
dificultad	noun	spa	difficoltà	noun	ita
dificultad	noun	spa	difficoltà	noun	ita
dificultad	noun	spa	difficoltà	noun	ita
difracción	noun	spa	diffrazione	noun	ita
difunto	noun	spa	defunto	noun	ita
difusión	noun	spa	diffusione	noun	ita
digestión	noun	spa	digestione	noun	ita
dilatación	noun	spa	dilatazione	noun	ita
dilema	noun	spa	dilemma	noun	ita
dilema	noun	spa	dilemma	noun	ita
dilusión	noun	spa	diluizione	noun	ita
diluvio	noun	spa	diluvio	noun	ita
dimensión	noun	spa	dimensione	noun	ita
dinamismo	noun	spa	dinamismo	noun	ita
dinamita	noun	spa	dinamite	noun	ita
dinastía	noun	spa	dinastia	noun	ita
dinero	noun	spa	soldi	noun	ita
dinero	noun	spa	denaro	noun	ita
dinosaurio	noun	spa	dinosauro	noun	ita
dios	noun	spa	dio	noun	ita
dios	noun	spa	dio	noun	ita
dios	noun	spa	dio	noun	ita
diploma	noun	spa	diploma	noun	ita
diplomacia	noun	spa	diplomazia	noun	ita
diplomado	noun	spa	laureato	noun	ita
diplomático	noun	spa	diplomatico	noun	ita
diputado	noun	spa	deputato	noun	ita
dique	noun	spa	diga	noun	ita
dirección	noun	spa	indirizzo	noun	ita
dirección	noun	spa	direzione	noun	ita
Dirección General	noun	spa	Direzione Generale	noun	ita
dirección nacional	noun	spa	direzione nazionale	noun	ita
directiva	noun	spa	direttiva	noun	ita
director	noun	spa	direttore	noun	ita
irector de cine	noun	spa	regista	noun	ita
irector de cine	noun	spa	regista	noun	ita
irector de cine	noun	spa	regista	noun	ita
directorio	noun	spa	directory	noun	ita
directorio	noun	spa	directory	noun	ita
directorio	noun	spa	directory	noun	ita
directriz	noun	spa	direttrice	noun	ita
dirigente	noun	spa	dirigente	noun	ita
dirigentes	noun	spa	policymaker	noun	ita
dirigible	noun	spa	dirigibile	noun	ita
discapacidad	noun	spa	handicap	noun	ita
discapacidad	noun	spa	handicap	noun	ita
discapacidad	noun	spa	handicap	noun	ita
disciplina	noun	spa	disciplina	noun	ita
disco	noun	spa	disco	noun	ita
discontinuidad	noun	spa	discontinuità	noun	ita
discontinuidad	noun	spa	discontinuità	noun	ita
discontinuidad	noun	spa	discontinuità	noun	ita
discordia	noun	spa	discordia	noun	ita
discoteca	noun	spa	discoteca	noun	ita
discreción	noun	spa	discrezione	noun	ita
discrepancia	noun	spa	discrepanza	noun	ita
discriminación	noun	spa	discriminazione	noun	ita
disculpa	noun	spa	scusa	noun	ita
discurso	noun	spa	allocuzione	noun	ita
discurso	noun	spa	discorso	noun	ita
discusión	noun	spa	discussione	noun	ita
discípulo	noun	spa	discepolo	noun	ita
disección	noun	spa	dissezione	noun	ita
diseminación	noun	spa	disseminazione	noun	ita
disertación	noun	spa	dissertazione	noun	ita
diseñador	noun	spa	disegnatore	noun	ita
diseñador	noun	spa	designer	noun	ita
diseñador	noun	spa	designer	noun	ita
diseñador	noun	spa	designer	noun	ita
diseñador	noun	spa	designer	noun	ita
diseñador	noun	spa	designer	noun	ita
diseñador	noun	spa	progettista	noun	ita
diseñador	noun	spa	progettista	noun	ita
diseñador	noun	spa	progettista	noun	ita
diseño	noun	spa	design	noun	ita
diseño	noun	spa	design	noun	ita
diseño	noun	spa	design	noun	ita
disfrutar	noun	spa	godere	noun	ita
disfunción	noun	spa	disfunzione	noun	ita
disgregación	noun	spa	disgregazione	noun	ita
disgusto	noun	spa	disgusto	noun	ita
disidente	noun	spa	dissidente	noun	ita
disipación	noun	spa	dissipazione	noun	ita
dislocación	noun	spa	dislocazione	noun	ita
disminución	noun	spa	diminuzione	noun	ita
disociación	noun	spa	dissociazione	noun	ita
disolución	noun	spa	dissoluzione	noun	ita
disolvente	noun	spa	solvente	noun	ita
disparidad	noun	spa	disparità	noun	ita
disparidad	noun	spa	disparità	noun	ita
disparidad	noun	spa	disparità	noun	ita
disparo	noun	spa	colpo	noun	ita
disparo	noun	spa	sparo	noun	ita
dispersión	noun	spa	dispersione	noun	ita
pantalla	noun	spa	display	noun	ita
disponibilidad	noun	spa	disponibilità	noun	ita
disponibilidad	noun	spa	disponibilità	noun	ita
disponibilidad	noun	spa	disponibilità	noun	ita
disposición	noun	spa	disposizione	noun	ita
dispositivo	noun	spa	dispositivo	noun	ita
dispositivo	noun	spa	congegno	noun	ita
disputa	noun	spa	controversia	noun	ita
distancia	noun	spa	distanza	noun	ita
distinción	noun	spa	distinzione	noun	ita
distintivo	noun	spa	distintivo	noun	ita
distorsión	noun	spa	distorsione	noun	ita
distracción	noun	spa	distrazione	noun	ita
distraído	noun	spa	distratto	noun	ita
distribución	noun	spa	condivisione	noun	ita
distribución	noun	spa	distribuzione	noun	ita
distrito	noun	spa	distretto	noun	ita
disturbio	noun	spa	disturbo	noun	ita
divergencia	noun	spa	divergenza	noun	ita
diversidad	noun	spa	diversità	noun	ita
diversidad	noun	spa	diversità	noun	ita
diversidad	noun	spa	diversità	noun	ita
diversificación	noun	spa	diversificazione	noun	ita
diversión	noun	spa	divertimento	noun	ita
diversión	noun	spa	diversione	noun	ita
dividendo	noun	spa	dividendo	noun	ita
divinidad	noun	spa	divinità	noun	ita
divinidad	noun	spa	divinità	noun	ita
divinidad	noun	spa	divinità	noun	ita
divinización	noun	spa	divinizzazione	noun	ita
divisa	noun	spa	valuta	noun	ita
divisa	noun	spa	divisa	noun	ita
división	noun	spa	divisione	noun	ita
divorcio	noun	spa	divorzio	noun	ita
divulgación	noun	spa	divulgazione	noun	ita
diálogo	noun	spa	dialogo	noun	ita
diámetro	noun	spa	diametro	noun	ita
diócesis	noun	spa	diocesi	noun	ita
dióxido	noun	spa	diossido	noun	ita
dobladillo	noun	spa	orlo	noun	ita
doblaje	noun	spa	doppiaggio	noun	ita
doble	noun	spa	doppio	noun	ita
docena	noun	spa	dozzina	noun	ita
docente	noun	spa	docente	noun	ita
doctor	noun	spa	dottore	noun	ita
doctorado	noun	spa	dottorato	noun	ita
doctrina	noun	spa	dottrina	noun	ita
documentación	noun	spa	documentazione	noun	ita
documental	noun	spa	documentario	noun	ita
documento	noun	spa	documento	noun	ita
dogma	noun	spa	dogma	noun	ita
dolor	noun	spa	dolore	noun	ita
domesticación	noun	spa	domesticazione	noun	ita
domicilio	noun	spa	domicilio	noun	ita
dominación	noun	spa	dominazione	noun	ita
domingo	noun	spa	domenica	noun	ita
dominio	noun	spa	dominio	noun	ita
domo	noun	spa	cupola	noun	ita
domótica	noun	spa	domotica	noun	ita
domótica	noun	spa	domotica	noun	ita
domótica	noun	spa	domotica	noun	ita
don	noun	spa	dono	noun	ita
donación	noun	spa	donazione	noun	ita
donación	noun	spa	donazione	noun	ita
donante	noun	spa	donatore	noun	ita
donante	noun	spa	donatore	noun	ita
donante	noun	spa	donatore	noun	ita
dopaje	noun	spa	dopaggio	noun	ita
dopamina	noun	spa	dopamina	noun	ita
doping	noun	spa	doping	noun	ita
doping	noun	spa	doping	noun	ita
doping	noun	spa	doping	noun	ita
dormitorio	noun	spa	dormitorio	noun	ita
dorsal	noun	spa	dorsale	noun	ita
dorsal	adjective	spa	dorsale	adjective	ita
dorsal	adjective	spa	dorsale	adjective	ita
dorsal	adjective	spa	dorsale	adjective	ita
dosel	noun	spa	baldacchino	noun	ita
dosel	noun	spa	baldacchino	noun	ita
dosis	noun	spa	dose	noun	ita
dosis	noun	spa	dose	noun	ita
dotación	noun	spa	dotazione	noun	ita
dote	noun	spa	dote	noun	ita
dragón	noun	spa	drago	noun	ita
drama	noun	spa	dramma	noun	ita
dramaturgo	noun	spa	drammaturgo	noun	ita
drenaje	noun	spa	drenaggio	noun	ita
droga	noun	spa	droga	noun	ita
drogadicción	noun	spa	tossicodipendenza	noun	ita
drogodependencia	noun	spa	tossicodipendenza	noun	ita
dron	noun	spa	drone	noun	ita
dron	noun	spa	drone	noun	ita
dualidad	noun	spa	dualismo	noun	ita
ducha	noun	spa	doccia	noun	ita
duda	noun	spa	dubbio	noun	ita
duda	noun	spa	dubbio	noun	ita
duelo	noun	spa	duello	noun	ita
dueño	noun	spa	proprietario	noun	ita
dulce	noun	spa	dolce	noun	ita
duna	noun	spa	duna	noun	ita
duplicación	noun	spa	duplicazione	noun	ita
duque	noun	spa	duca	noun	ita
duración	noun	spa	durata	noun	ita
dureza	noun	spa	durezza	noun	ita
duro	noun	spa	duro	noun	ita
dvd	noun	spa	dvd	noun	ita
dvd	noun	spa	dvd	noun	ita
dvd	noun	spa	dvd	noun	ita
dátil	noun	spa	dattero	noun	ita
débil	noun	spa	debole	noun	ita
década	noun	spa	decennio	noun	ita
déficit	noun	spa	disavanzo	noun	ita
déficit	noun	spa	deficit	noun	ita
déficit	noun	spa	deficit	noun	ita
déficit	noun	spa	deficit	noun	ita
día	noun	spa	giorno	noun	ita
dígito	noun	spa	cifra	noun	ita
dólar	noun	spa	dollaro	noun	ita
dólar	noun	spa	dollaro	noun	ita
dúo	noun	spa	duetto	noun	ita
e-mail	noun	spa	e-mail	noun	ita
e-mail	noun	spa	e-mail	noun	ita
e-mail	noun	spa	e-mail	noun	ita
eBay	noun	spa	eBay	noun	ita
eBay	noun	spa	eBay	noun	ita
easing	noun	spa	easing	noun	ita
easing	noun	spa	easing	noun	ita
easing	noun	spa	easing	noun	ita
ebriedad	noun	spa	ubriachezza	noun	ita
ebullición	noun	spa	ebollizione	noun	ita
eclesiástico	noun	spa	ecclesiastico	noun	ita
eclesiástico	noun	spa	ecclesiastico	noun	ita
eclesiástico	noun	spa	ecclesiastico	noun	ita
eco	noun	spa	eco	noun	ita
ecografía	noun	spa	ecografia	noun	ita
ecologista	noun	spa	ecologista	noun	ita
ecologista	noun	spa	ecologista	noun	ita
ecologista	noun	spa	ambientalista	noun	ita
ecología	noun	spa	ecologia	noun	ita
ecología	noun	spa	ecologia	noun	ita
economicidad	noun	spa	economicità	noun	ita
economicidad	noun	spa	economicità	noun	ita
economicidad	noun	spa	economicità	noun	ita
economista	noun	spa	economista	noun	ita
economista	noun	spa	economista	noun	ita
economista	noun	spa	economista	noun	ita
economía	noun	spa	economia	noun	ita
ecosistema	noun	spa	ecosistema	noun	ita
ecuación	noun	spa	equazione	noun	ita
ecuador	noun	spa	equatore	noun	ita
ecuatoriano	noun	spa	ecuadoriano	noun	ita
edad	noun	spa	età	noun	ita
edad	noun	spa	età	noun	ita
edad	noun	spa	età	noun	ita
edema	noun	spa	edema	noun	ita
edición	noun	spa	edizione	noun	ita
edificación	noun	spa	edificazione	noun	ita
edificio	noun	spa	edificio	noun	ita
editor	noun	spa	editore	noun	ita
editorial	noun	spa	editoriale	noun	ita
editorial	noun	spa	editoriale	noun	ita
editorial	noun	spa	editoriale	noun	ita
editorial	adjective	spa	editoriale	adjective	ita
educación	noun	spa	educazione	noun	ita
educador	noun	spa	educatore	noun	ita
educador	noun	spa	educatore	noun	ita
efectividad	noun	spa	efficacia	noun	ita
efecto	noun	spa	effetto	noun	ita
eficacia	noun	spa	efficacia	noun	ita
eficiencia	noun	spa	efficienza	noun	ita
efímero	noun	spa	effimero	noun	ita
egipcio	noun	spa	egiziano	noun	ita
egipcio	noun	spa	egizio	noun	ita
ego	noun	spa	ego	noun	ita
ego	noun	spa	ego	noun	ita
ego	noun	spa	ego	noun	ita
egoísta	noun	spa	egoista	noun	ita
egoísta	noun	spa	egoista	noun	ita
egoísta	noun	spa	egoista	noun	ita
eje	noun	spa	asse	noun	ita
ejecución	noun	spa	esecuzione	noun	ita
ejecutivo	noun	spa	esecutivo	noun	ita
ejemplar	noun	spa	esemplare	noun	ita
ejemplo	noun	spa	esempio	noun	ita
ejercicio	noun	spa	esercizio	noun	ita
ejército	noun	spa	esercito	noun	ita
elaboración	noun	spa	elaborazione	noun	ita
elasticidad	noun	spa	elasticità	noun	ita
elasticidad	noun	spa	elasticità	noun	ita
elasticidad	noun	spa	elasticità	noun	ita
elección	noun	spa	elezione	noun	ita
elector	noun	spa	elettore	noun	ita
electorado	noun	spa	elettorato	noun	ita
electricidad	noun	spa	elettricità	noun	ita
electricidad	noun	spa	elettricità	noun	ita
electricidad	noun	spa	elettricità	noun	ita
electrocardiograma	noun	spa	elettrocardiogramma	noun	ita
electrodo	noun	spa	elettrodo	noun	ita
electrodo	noun	spa	elettrodo	noun	ita
electrodoméstico	noun	spa	elettrodomestico	noun	ita
electrodoméstico	noun	spa	elettrodomestico	noun	ita
electrodoméstico	noun	spa	elettrodomestico	noun	ita
electrón	noun	spa	elettrone	noun	ita
electrónica	noun	spa	elettronica	noun	ita
elefante	noun	spa	elefante	noun	ita
elefante	noun	spa	elefante	noun	ita
elefante	noun	spa	elefante	noun	ita
elegancia	noun	spa	eleganza	noun	ita
elegancia	noun	spa	eleganza	noun	ita
elemento	noun	spa	elemento	noun	ita
elenco	noun	spa	elenco	noun	ita
elevación	noun	spa	elevazione	noun	ita
elevador	noun	spa	elevatore	noun	ita
elevador	noun	spa	elevatore	noun	ita
elevador	noun	spa	elevatore	noun	ita
eliminación	noun	spa	eliminazione	noun	ita
eliminación	noun	spa	smaltimento	noun	ita
emanación	noun	spa	emanazione	noun	ita
emancipación	noun	spa	emancipazione	noun	ita
embajada	noun	spa	ambasciata	noun	ita
embajador	noun	spa	ambasciatore	noun	ita
embalaje	noun	spa	imballaggio	noun	ita
embalsamamiento	noun	spa	imbalsamazione	noun	ita
embalse	noun	spa	bacino	noun	ita
embarazada	noun	spa	incinta	noun	ita
embarazo	noun	spa	gravidanza	noun	ita
embarcación	noun	spa	imbarcazione	noun	ita
embargo	noun	spa	embargo	noun	ita
emblema	noun	spa	emblema	noun	ita
emboscada	noun	spa	imboscata	noun	ita
embrague	noun	spa	frizione	noun	ita
embrión	noun	spa	embrione	noun	ita
embrollo	noun	spa	intreccio	noun	ita
emergencia	noun	spa	emergenza	noun	ita
emigración	noun	spa	emigrazione	noun	ita
emisión	noun	spa	emissione	noun	ita
emoción	noun	spa	emozione	noun	ita
empadronamiento	noun	spa	censimento	noun	ita
empanada	noun	spa	pasticcio	noun	ita
empate	noun	spa	pareggio	noun	ita
empatía	noun	spa	empatia	noun	ita
empeoramiento	noun	spa	peggioramento	noun	ita
emperador	noun	spa	imperatore	noun	ita
empeño	noun	spa	impegno	noun	ita
emplazamiento	noun	spa	postazione	noun	ita
empleado	noun	spa	impiegato	noun	ita
empleador	noun	spa	datore	noun	ita
empleo	noun	spa	impiego	noun	ita
empoderamiento	noun	spa	responsabilizzazione	noun	ita
empollón	noun	spa	secchione	noun	ita
emprendedor	noun	spa	imprenditore	noun	ita
empresa	noun	spa	impresa	noun	ita
empresario	noun	spa	imprenditore	noun	ita
emt	noun	spa	emt	noun	ita
emulación	noun	spa	emulazione	noun	ita
en efectivo	noun	spa	in contanti	noun	ita
en línea	noun	spa	online	noun	ita
enajenación	noun	spa	trasferimento	noun	ita
enamorado	noun	spa	innamorato	noun	ita
encabezado	noun	spa	intestazione	noun	ita
encabezamiento	noun	spa	intestazione	noun	ita
encaje	noun	spa	merletto	noun	ita
encantador	noun	spa	incantatore	noun	ita
encanto	noun	spa	fascino	noun	ita
encarcelamiento	noun	spa	incarcerazione	noun	ita
encarcelamiento	noun	spa	incarcerazione	noun	ita
encargado	noun	spa	incaricato	noun	ita
encargado	noun	spa	preposto	noun	ita
encargado	noun	spa	addetto	noun	ita
encargo	noun	spa	incarico	noun	ita
encargo	noun	spa	ordinazione	noun	ita
encarnación	noun	spa	incarnazione	noun	ita
encefalitis	noun	spa	encefalite	noun	ita
encendedor	noun	spa	accendino	noun	ita
enchufe	noun	spa	spina	noun	ita
enciclopedia	noun	spa	enciclopedia	noun	ita
enclave	noun	spa	enclave	noun	ita
encuesta	noun	spa	inchiesta	noun	ita
encía	noun	spa	gengiva	noun	ita
endeudamiento	noun	spa	indebitamento	noun	ita
enemigo	noun	spa	nemico	noun	ita
enemistad	noun	spa	inimicizia	noun	ita
energía	noun	spa	energia	noun	ita
enero	noun	spa	gennaio	noun	ita
enero	noun	spa	gennaio	noun	ita
enfado	noun	spa	rabbia	noun	ita
enfatización	noun	spa	enfatizzazione	noun	ita
enfermedad	noun	spa	malattia	noun	ita
enfermedad	noun	spa	malattia	noun	ita
enfermero	noun	spa	infermiere	noun	ita
enfermo	noun	spa	malato	noun	ita
enfermo	noun	spa	ammalato	noun	ita
enfermo	noun	spa	malato	noun	ita
enfeudación	noun	spa	infeudazione	noun	ita
enfoque	noun	spa	approccio	noun	ita
enfoque	noun	spa	approccio	noun	ita
enfrentamiento	noun	spa	scontro	noun	ita
engaño	noun	spa	inganno	noun	ita
enigma	noun	spa	enigma	noun	ita
enlace	noun	spa	collegamento	noun	ita
enlace	noun	spa	link	noun	ita
enlace	noun	spa	link	noun	ita
enlace	noun	spa	link	noun	ita
enmienda	noun	spa	emendamento	noun	ita
enojo	noun	spa	rabbia	noun	ita
enriquecimiento	noun	spa	arricchimento	noun	ita
ensamblaje	noun	spa	assemblaggio	noun	ita
ensamblaje	noun	spa	assemblaggio	noun	ita
ensayo	noun	spa	prova	noun	ita
enseñanza	noun	spa	insegnamento	noun	ita
ensueño	noun	spa	sogno	noun	ita
ente	noun	spa	ente	noun	ita
entendimiento	noun	spa	intendimento	noun	ita
entidad	noun	spa	entità	noun	ita
entidad	noun	spa	entità	noun	ita
entidad	noun	spa	entità	noun	ita
entierro	noun	spa	funerale	noun	ita
entonación	noun	spa	intonazione	noun	ita
entorno	noun	spa	ambiente	noun	ita
entrada	noun	spa	input	noun	ita
entrada	noun	spa	entrata	noun	ita
entrada	noun	spa	ingresso	noun	ita
entrega	noun	spa	consegna	noun	ita
entrenador	noun	spa	allenatore	noun	ita
entrenamiento	noun	spa	allenamento	noun	ita
entrenamiento	noun	spa	allenamento	noun	ita
entretenimiento	noun	spa	intrattenimento	noun	ita
entrevista	noun	spa	intervista	noun	ita
entrevista	noun	spa	colloquio	noun	ita
entrevistador	noun	spa	intervistatore	noun	ita
entropía	noun	spa	entropia	noun	ita
entropía	noun	spa	entropia	noun	ita
enumeración	noun	spa	elencazione	noun	ita
enunciación	noun	spa	enunciazione	noun	ita
envejecimiento	noun	spa	invecchiamento	noun	ita
envergadura	noun	spa	scala	noun	ita
envidia	noun	spa	invidia	noun	ita
envío	noun	spa	spedizione	noun	ita
enzima	noun	spa	enzima	noun	ita
enzima	noun	spa	enzima	noun	ita
enzima	noun	spa	enzima	noun	ita
epicentro	noun	spa	epicentro	noun	ita
epidemia	noun	spa	epidemia	noun	ita
epilepsia	noun	spa	epilessia	noun	ita
episodio	noun	spa	episodio	noun	ita
epistemología	noun	spa	epistemologia	noun	ita
epístola	noun	spa	epistola	noun	ita
equidad	noun	spa	equità	noun	ita
equidad	noun	spa	equità	noun	ita
equidad	noun	spa	equità	noun	ita
equilibrio	noun	spa	equilibrio	noun	ita
equimosis	noun	spa	contusione	noun	ita
equinoccio	noun	spa	equinozio	noun	ita
equipaje	noun	spa	bagaglio	noun	ita
equipamiento	noun	spa	apparecchiatura	noun	ita
equipamiento	noun	spa	attrezzatura	noun	ita
equipamiento	noun	spa	dotazione	noun	ita
equipo	noun	spa	squadra	noun	ita
equipo	noun	spa	team	noun	ita
equitación	noun	spa	equitazione	noun	ita
equivalencia	noun	spa	equivalenza	noun	ita
equívoco	noun	spa	equivoco	noun	ita
erección	noun	spa	erezione	noun	ita
erizo	noun	spa	riccio	noun	ita
erogación	noun	spa	erogazione	noun	ita
erosión	noun	spa	erosione	noun	ita
erotismo	noun	spa	erotismo	noun	ita
erradicación	noun	spa	eliminazione	noun	ita
error	noun	spa	errore	noun	ita
erudición	noun	spa	erudizione	noun	ita
erudición	noun	spa	erudizione	noun	ita
erudito	noun	spa	studioso	noun	ita
erudito	noun	spa	erudito	noun	ita
erupción	noun	spa	eruzione	noun	ita
esbozo	noun	spa	abbozzo	noun	ita
esbozo	noun	spa	bozza	noun	ita
escala	noun	spa	scala	noun	ita
escalada	noun	spa	arrampicata	noun	ita
escalador	noun	spa	scalatore	noun	ita
escalera	noun	spa	scala	noun	ita
escalope	noun	spa	scaloppa	noun	ita
escalón	noun	spa	gradino	noun	ita
escama	noun	spa	squama	noun	ita
escaneo	noun	spa	scansione	noun	ita
escape	noun	spa	scappatoia	noun	ita
escarabajo	noun	spa	scarabeo	noun	ita
escarcha	noun	spa	galaverna	noun	ita
escarcha	noun	spa	calaverna	noun	ita
escasez	noun	spa	scarsità	noun	ita
escasez	noun	spa	scarsità	noun	ita
escasez	noun	spa	scarsità	noun	ita
escaño	noun	spa	seggio	noun	ita
escena	noun	spa	scena	noun	ita
en escena	noun	spa	sulla scena	noun	ita
escenario	noun	spa	palcoscenico	noun	ita
escenario	noun	spa	palco	noun	ita
escenografía	noun	spa	scenografia	noun	ita
escepticismo	noun	spa	scetticismo	noun	ita
esclavitud	noun	spa	schiavismo	noun	ita
esclavitud	noun	spa	schiavitù	noun	ita
esclavitud	noun	spa	schiavitù	noun	ita
esclavitud	noun	spa	schiavitù	noun	ita
esclavo	noun	spa	schiavo	noun	ita
escobilla	noun	spa	spazzola	noun	ita
escolar	noun	spa	scolare	noun	ita
escolar	noun	spa	scolare	noun	ita
escolar	noun	spa	scolare	noun	ita
escollo	noun	spa	scoglio	noun	ita
escolta	noun	spa	scorta	noun	ita
escombro	noun	spa	detriti	noun	ita
escombro	noun	spa	detriti	noun	ita
escombro	noun	spa	detriti	noun	ita
escombro	noun	spa	detrito	noun	ita
escombro	noun	spa	maceria	noun	ita
escondite	noun	spa	nascondino	noun	ita
escoria	noun	spa	scoria	noun	ita
escrito	noun	spa	scritto	noun	ita
escrito	noun	spa	esposto	noun	ita
escritor	noun	spa	scrittore	noun	ita
escritorio	noun	spa	desktop	noun	ita
escritorio	noun	spa	desktop	noun	ita
escritorio	noun	spa	desktop	noun	ita
escritorio	noun	spa	scrivania	noun	ita
escritorio	noun	spa	scrivania	noun	ita
escritura	noun	spa	scrittura	noun	ita
escudería	noun	spa	scuderia	noun	ita
escudo	noun	spa	scudo	noun	ita
escuela	noun	spa	scuola	noun	ita
escuela secundaria	noun	spa	liceo	noun	ita
escultor	noun	spa	scultore	noun	ita
escultura	noun	spa	scultura	noun	ita
escándalo	noun	spa	scandalo	noun	ita
escáner	noun	spa	scanner	noun	ita
escáner	noun	spa	scanner	noun	ita
escáner	noun	spa	scanner	noun	ita
esencia	noun	spa	essenza	noun	ita
esfera	noun	spa	sfera	noun	ita
esfuerzo	noun	spa	sforzo	noun	ita
esgrima	noun	spa	scherma	noun	ita
esguince	noun	spa	distorsione	noun	ita
eslogan	noun	spa	slogan	noun	ita
esmalte	noun	spa	smalto	noun	ita
esmeralda	noun	spa	smeraldo	noun	ita
esmoquin	noun	spa	smoking	noun	ita
esmoquin	noun	spa	smoking	noun	ita
esmoquin	noun	spa	smoking	noun	ita
espacio	noun	spa	spazio	noun	ita
espada	noun	spa	spada	noun	ita
espagueti	noun	spa	spaghetto	noun	ita
espaguetis	noun	spa	spaghetti	noun	ita
espalda	noun	spa	schiena	noun	ita
espalda	noun	spa	schiena	noun	ita
espalda	noun	spa	dorso	noun	ita
espantapájaros	noun	spa	spaventapasseri	noun	ita
español	noun	spa	spagnolo	noun	ita
especiación	noun	spa	speciazione	noun	ita
especialidad	noun	spa	specialità	noun	ita
especialidad	noun	spa	specialità	noun	ita
especialidad	noun	spa	specialità	noun	ita
especialista	noun	spa	specialista	noun	ita
especialista	noun	spa	specialista	noun	ita
especialista	noun	spa	specialista	noun	ita
especialización	noun	spa	specializzazione	noun	ita
especie	noun	spa	specie	noun	ita
especie	noun	spa	specie	noun	ita
especie	noun	spa	specie	noun	ita
especificación	noun	spa	specificazione	noun	ita
especificidad	noun	spa	specificità	noun	ita
especificidad	noun	spa	specificità	noun	ita
especificidad	noun	spa	specificità	noun	ita
espectacularidad	noun	spa	spettacolarità	noun	ita
espectacularidad	noun	spa	spettacolarità	noun	ita
espectacularidad	noun	spa	spettacolarità	noun	ita
espectador	noun	spa	spettatore	noun	ita
espectro	noun	spa	spettro	noun	ita
espectáculo	noun	spa	spettacolo	noun	ita
especulación	noun	spa	speculazione	noun	ita
espejismo	noun	spa	miraggio	noun	ita
espejo	noun	spa	specchio	noun	ita
espera	noun	spa	attesa	noun	ita
esperanto	noun	spa	esperanto	noun	ita
esperanto	noun	spa	esperanto	noun	ita
esperanto	noun	spa	esperanto	noun	ita
esperanza	noun	spa	speranza	noun	ita
esperma	noun	spa	sperma	noun	ita
espermatozoide	noun	spa	spermatozoo	noun	ita
espesor	noun	spa	spessore	noun	ita
espesor	noun	spa	spessore	noun	ita
espiga	noun	spa	spiga	noun	ita
espina	noun	spa	spina	noun	ita
espinaca	noun	spa	spinacio	noun	ita
espionaje	noun	spa	spionaggio	noun	ita
espira	noun	spa	spira	noun	ita
espiral	noun	spa	spirale	noun	ita
espiritualidad	noun	spa	spiritualità	noun	ita
espiritualidad	noun	spa	spiritualità	noun	ita
espiritualidad	noun	spa	spiritualità	noun	ita
esponja	noun	spa	spugna	noun	ita
esposa	noun	spa	moglie	noun	ita
esposo	noun	spa	sposo	noun	ita
espuma	noun	spa	schiuma	noun	ita
espuma	noun	spa	spuma	noun	ita
espía	noun	spa	spia	noun	ita
espíritu	noun	spa	spirito	noun	ita
espíritu empresarial	noun	spa	imprenditoria	noun	ita
esqueleto	noun	spa	scheletro	noun	ita
esquema	noun	spa	schema	noun	ita
esquiador	noun	spa	sciatore	noun	ita
esquina	noun	spa	angolo	noun	ita
esquizofrenia	noun	spa	schizofrenia	noun	ita
esquí	noun	spa	sci	noun	ita
esquí	noun	spa	sci	noun	ita
esquí	noun	spa	sci	noun	ita
esquí	noun	spa	sci	noun	ita
esquí	noun	spa	sci	noun	ita
esquí	noun	spa	sci	noun	ita
esta noche	noun	spa	stasera	noun	ita
esta noche	adverb	spa	stasera	adverb	ita
estabilidad	noun	spa	stabilità	noun	ita
estabilidad	noun	spa	stabilità	noun	ita
estabilidad	noun	spa	stabilità	noun	ita
estabilización	noun	spa	stabilizzazione	noun	ita
establecimiento	noun	spa	stabilimento	noun	ita
establo	noun	spa	stalla	noun	ita
estaca	noun	spa	palo	noun	ita
estacionamiento	noun	spa	parcheggio	noun	ita
estación	noun	spa	stagione	noun	ita
estación	noun	spa	stazione	noun	ita
estadio	noun	spa	stadio	noun	ita
estado	noun	spa	stato	noun	ita
estafa	noun	spa	truffa	noun	ita
estallido	noun	spa	scoppiata	noun	ita
estallido	noun	spa	scoppio	noun	ita
estancamiento	noun	spa	stallo	noun	ita
estancamiento	noun	spa	lagunaggio	noun	ita
estancamiento	noun	spa	stagnazione	noun	ita
estancia	noun	spa	soggiorno	noun	ita
estandardización	noun	spa	standardizzazione	noun	ita
estanque	noun	spa	stagno	noun	ita
estante	noun	spa	scaffale	noun	ita
estante	noun	spa	scaffale	noun	ita
estatua	noun	spa	statua	noun	ita
estatura	noun	spa	statura	noun	ita
estatus	noun	spa	status	noun	ita
estaño	noun	spa	stagno	noun	ita
este	noun	spa	est	noun	ita
este	noun	spa	est	noun	ita
este	noun	spa	est	noun	ita
este	noun	spa	est	noun	ita
esteganografía	noun	spa	steganografia	noun	ita
estela	noun	spa	stele	noun	ita
estenografía	noun	spa	stenografia	noun	ita
estepa	noun	spa	steppa	noun	ita
estereofonía	noun	spa	stereofonia	noun	ita
estereotipo	noun	spa	stereotipo	noun	ita
esterilización	noun	spa	sterilizzazione	noun	ita
estigma	noun	spa	stigma	noun	ita
estilo	noun	spa	stile	noun	ita
estimación	noun	spa	stima	noun	ita
estimulación	noun	spa	stimolazione	noun	ita
estipulación	noun	spa	stipulazione	noun	ita
estiércol	noun	spa	letame	noun	ita
estiércol	noun	spa	sterco	noun	ita
estornino	noun	spa	storno	noun	ita
estrategia	noun	spa	strategia	noun	ita
estratificación	noun	spa	stratificazione	noun	ita
estrato	noun	spa	giacimento	noun	ita
estratosfera	noun	spa	stratosfera	noun	ita
estrella	noun	spa	stella	noun	ita
estructura	noun	spa	struttura	noun	ita
estructura	noun	spa	compagine	noun	ita
estructuración	noun	spa	strutturazione	noun	ita
estrés	noun	spa	stress	noun	ita
estrés	noun	spa	stress	noun	ita
estrés	noun	spa	stress	noun	ita
estrógeno	noun	spa	estrogeno	noun	ita
estuco	noun	spa	stucco	noun	ita
estudiante	noun	spa	studente	noun	ita
estudiante	noun	spa	studente	noun	ita
estudiante	noun	spa	studente	noun	ita
estudio	noun	spa	studio	noun	ita
estudioso	noun	spa	studioso	noun	ita
estufa	noun	spa	stufa	noun	ita
estupor	noun	spa	stupore	noun	ita
estándar	noun	spa	standard	noun	ita
estéreo	noun	spa	stereo	noun	ita
estéreo	noun	spa	stereo	noun	ita
estética	noun	spa	estetica	noun	ita
estética	noun	spa	estetica	noun	ita
estímulo	noun	spa	incentivazione	noun	ita
estímulo	noun	spa	stimolo	noun	ita
estómago	noun	spa	stomaco	noun	ita
etanol	noun	spa	etanolo	noun	ita
etapa	noun	spa	tappa	noun	ita
etcétera	noun	spa	eccetera	noun	ita
etcétera	noun	spa	eccetera	noun	ita
etcétera	noun	spa	eccetera	noun	ita
eternidad	noun	spa	eternità	noun	ita
eternidad	noun	spa	eternità	noun	ita
eternidad	noun	spa	eternità	noun	ita
etimología	noun	spa	etimologia	noun	ita
etiqueta	noun	spa	etichetta	noun	ita
etiquetado	noun	spa	etichettatura	noun	ita
etiquetado	noun	spa	etichettatura	noun	ita
etnia	noun	spa	etnia	noun	ita
etíope	noun	spa	etiope	noun	ita
eucaristía	noun	spa	eucarestia	noun	ita
eufemismo	noun	spa	eufemismo	noun	ita
euforia	noun	spa	euforia	noun	ita
euribor	noun	spa	euribor	noun	ita
euro	noun	spa	euro	noun	ita
euro	noun	spa	euro	noun	ita
euro	noun	spa	euro	noun	ita
eurobono	noun	spa	eurobbligazione	noun	ita
euroescepticismo	noun	spa	euroscetticismo	noun	ita
eurogrupo	noun	spa	eurogruppo	noun	ita
europeo	noun	spa	europeo	noun	ita
eurozona	noun	spa	eurozona	noun	ita
eutanasia	noun	spa	eutanasia	noun	ita
evacuación	noun	spa	evacuazione	noun	ita
evacuación	noun	spa	evacuamento	noun	ita
evaluación	noun	spa	valutazione	noun	ita
evangelización	noun	spa	evangelizzazione	noun	ita
evaporación	noun	spa	evaporazione	noun	ita
evasión	noun	spa	evasione	noun	ita
evento	noun	spa	evento	noun	ita
evento	noun	spa	avvenimento	noun	ita
eventualidad	noun	spa	eventualità	noun	ita
eventualidad	noun	spa	eventualità	noun	ita
eventualidad	noun	spa	eventualità	noun	ita
evidencia	noun	spa	evidenza	noun	ita
evocación	noun	spa	evocazione	noun	ita
evocación	noun	spa	rievocazione	noun	ita
evolución	noun	spa	andamento	noun	ita
evolución	noun	spa	evoluzione	noun	ita
exactitud	noun	spa	esattezza	noun	ita
exactitud	noun	spa	accuratezza	noun	ita
exaltación	noun	spa	esaltazione	noun	ita
examen	noun	spa	esame	noun	ita
exasperación	noun	spa	esasperazione	noun	ita
excavación	noun	spa	scavo	noun	ita
excavación	noun	spa	escavazione	noun	ita
excavadora	noun	spa	ruspa	noun	ita
excedencia	noun	spa	aspettativa	noun	ita
excedencia	noun	spa	congedo	noun	ita
excedente	noun	spa	eccedenza	noun	ita
excedente	noun	spa	surplus	noun	ita
excedente	noun	spa	surplus	noun	ita
excedente	noun	spa	surplus	noun	ita
excelencia	noun	spa	eccellenza	noun	ita
excelente	noun	spa	eccellente	noun	ita
excentricidad	noun	spa	eccentricità	noun	ita
excentricidad	noun	spa	eccentricità	noun	ita
excentricidad	noun	spa	eccentricità	noun	ita
excepción	noun	spa	eccezione	noun	ita
exceso	noun	spa	eccesso	noun	ita
excitación	noun	spa	eccitazione	noun	ita
exclamación	noun	spa	esclamazione	noun	ita
exclusión	noun	spa	esclusione	noun	ita
excomunión	noun	spa	scomunica	noun	ita
excreción	noun	spa	escrezione	noun	ita
excremento	noun	spa	escremento	noun	ita
excusa	noun	spa	scusa	noun	ita
exención	noun	spa	esenzione	noun	ita
exhalación	noun	spa	esalazione	noun	ita
exhibición	noun	spa	esibizione	noun	ita
exhortación	noun	spa	esortazione	noun	ita
exigencia	noun	spa	esigenza	noun	ita
exigüidad	noun	spa	esiguità	noun	ita
exigüidad	noun	spa	esiguità	noun	ita
exigüidad	noun	spa	esiguità	noun	ita
exiliado	noun	spa	esiliato	noun	ita
exilio	noun	spa	esilio	noun	ita
existencia	noun	spa	esistenza	noun	ita
exoplaneta	noun	spa	esopianeta	noun	ita
expansión	noun	spa	espansione	noun	ita
expansión	noun	spa	espansione	noun	ita
expectativa	noun	spa	aspettativa	noun	ita
expedición	noun	spa	rilascio	noun	ita
expediente	noun	spa	dossier	noun	ita
expediente	noun	spa	dossier	noun	ita
expediente	noun	spa	dossier	noun	ita
expensas	noun	spa	spese	noun	ita
experiencia	noun	spa	esperienza	noun	ita
experimentación	noun	spa	sperimentazione	noun	ita
experimento	noun	spa	esperimento	noun	ita
experto	noun	spa	esperto	noun	ita
expiración	noun	spa	scadenza	noun	ita
explicación	noun	spa	spiegazione	noun	ita
exploración	noun	spa	esplorazione	noun	ita
navegador	noun	spa	browser	noun	ita
navegador	noun	spa	browser	noun	ita
navegador	noun	spa	browser	noun	ita
explorador	noun	spa	esploratore	noun	ita
explosivo	noun	spa	esplosivo	noun	ita
explosión	noun	spa	esplosione	noun	ita
explotación	noun	spa	sfruttamento	noun	ita
exponente	noun	spa	esponente	noun	ita
exportación	noun	spa	export	noun	ita
exportación	noun	spa	esportazione	noun	ita
exportador	noun	spa	esportatore	noun	ita
exposición	noun	spa	esposizione	noun	ita
expresionismo	noun	spa	espressionismo	noun	ita
expresión	noun	spa	espressione	noun	ita
expropiación	noun	spa	espropriazione	noun	ita
expropiación	noun	spa	esproprio	noun	ita
expulsión	noun	spa	espulsione	noun	ita
extensión	noun	spa	estensione	noun	ita
exterior	noun	spa	esterno	noun	ita
exterior	noun	spa	esteriore	noun	ita
externalidad	noun	spa	esternalità	noun	ita
externalidad	noun	spa	esternalità	noun	ita
externalidad	noun	spa	esternalità	noun	ita
externo	noun	spa	esteriore	noun	ita
extinción	noun	spa	estinzione	noun	ita
extintor	noun	spa	estintore	noun	ita
extra	noun	spa	extra	noun	ita
extra	noun	spa	extra	noun	ita
extra	noun	spa	extra	noun	ita
extracción	noun	spa	estrazione	noun	ita
extracción	noun	spa	asportazione	noun	ita
extracción	noun	spa	estrazione	noun	ita
extracto	noun	spa	estratto	noun	ita
extracto	noun	spa	estratto	noun	ita
extradición	noun	spa	estradizione	noun	ita
extranjero	noun	spa	straniero	noun	ita
extranjero	noun	spa	estero	noun	ita
extrapolación	noun	spa	estrapolazione	noun	ita
extraterrestre	noun	spa	extraterrestre	noun	ita
extremidad	noun	spa	estremità	noun	ita
extremidad	noun	spa	estremità	noun	ita
extremidad	noun	spa	estremità	noun	ita
extremismo	noun	spa	estremismo	noun	ita
extremista	noun	spa	estremista	noun	ita
extremo	noun	spa	estremo	noun	ita
eyaculación	noun	spa	eiaculazione	noun	ita
fabricación	noun	spa	fabbricazione	noun	ita
fabricante	noun	spa	fabbricante	noun	ita
fabricante	noun	spa	costruttore	noun	ita
fabricante	noun	spa	costruttore	noun	ita
fabricante	noun	spa	costruttore	noun	ita
facción	noun	spa	fazione	noun	ita
fachada	noun	spa	facciata	noun	ita
facilidad	noun	spa	agevolazione	noun	ita
facilidad	noun	spa	facilità	noun	ita
facilidad	noun	spa	facilità	noun	ita
facilidad	noun	spa	facilità	noun	ita
facilitación	noun	spa	facilitazione	noun	ita
factibilidad	noun	spa	fattibilità	noun	ita
factibilidad	noun	spa	fattibilità	noun	ita
factibilidad	noun	spa	fattibilità	noun	ita
facto	noun	spa	fatto	noun	ita
factor	noun	spa	fattore	noun	ita
factura	noun	spa	fattura	noun	ita
factura	noun	spa	bolletta	noun	ita
facturización	noun	spa	fattorizzazione	noun	ita
facultad	noun	spa	facoltà	noun	ita
facultad	noun	spa	facoltà	noun	ita
facultad	noun	spa	facoltà	noun	ita
fagocitación	noun	spa	fagocitazione	noun	ita
faisán	noun	spa	fagiano	noun	ita
faisán	noun	spa	fagiano	noun	ita
faisán	noun	spa	fagiano	noun	ita
falda	noun	spa	gonna	noun	ita
fallecimiento	noun	spa	decesso	noun	ita
fallo	noun	spa	fallo	noun	ita
falsedad	noun	spa	falsità	noun	ita
falsedad	noun	spa	falsità	noun	ita
falsedad	noun	spa	falsità	noun	ita
falsificación	noun	spa	contraffazione	noun	ita
falso	noun	spa	falso	noun	ita
falta	noun	spa	mancanza	noun	ita
fama	noun	spa	fama	noun	ita
familia	noun	spa	famiglia	noun	ita
familiar	noun	spa	familiare	noun	ita
familiaridad	noun	spa	familiarità	noun	ita
familiaridad	noun	spa	familiarità	noun	ita
familiaridad	noun	spa	familiarità	noun	ita
fan	noun	spa	fan	noun	ita
fan	noun	spa	fan	noun	ita
fan	noun	spa	fan	noun	ita
fanatismo	noun	spa	fanatismo	noun	ita
fango	noun	spa	fango	noun	ita
fantasma	noun	spa	fantasma	noun	ita
fantasía	noun	spa	fantasia	noun	ita
faraón	noun	spa	faraone	noun	ita
fardo	noun	spa	balla	noun	ita
farmacia	noun	spa	farmacia	noun	ita
farmacéutico	noun	spa	farmacista	noun	ita
faro	noun	spa	faro	noun	ita
farol	noun	spa	bluff	noun	ita
farol	noun	spa	bluff	noun	ita
farol	noun	spa	bluff	noun	ita
farsa	noun	spa	farsa	noun	ita
fascinación	noun	spa	fascinazione	noun	ita
fascismo	noun	spa	fascismo	noun	ita
fascista	noun	spa	fascista	noun	ita
fascista	noun	spa	fascista	noun	ita
fascista	noun	spa	fascista	noun	ita
fascículo	noun	spa	fascicolo	noun	ita
fase	noun	spa	fase	noun	ita
fatalismo	noun	spa	fatalismo	noun	ita
fauna	noun	spa	fauna	noun	ita
favela	noun	spa	favela	noun	ita
favor	noun	spa	favore	noun	ita
fax	noun	spa	fax	noun	ita
fax	noun	spa	fax	noun	ita
fax	noun	spa	fax	noun	ita
fe	noun	spa	fede	noun	ita
febrero	noun	spa	febbraio	noun	ita
febrero	noun	spa	febbraio	noun	ita
fecha	noun	spa	data	noun	ita
fecundación	noun	spa	fecondazione	noun	ita
fecundo	noun	spa	fecondo	noun	ita
federación	noun	spa	federazione	noun	ita
felicidad	noun	spa	felicità	noun	ita
felicidad	noun	spa	felicità	noun	ita
felicidad	noun	spa	felicità	noun	ita
felicitación	noun	spa	congratulazione	noun	ita
feminismo	noun	spa	femminismo	noun	ita
feminista	noun	spa	femminista	noun	ita
feminista	noun	spa	femminista	noun	ita
feminista	noun	spa	femminista	noun	ita
fenómeno	noun	spa	fenomeno	noun	ita
feo	noun	spa	brutto	noun	ita
fermentación	noun	spa	fermentazione	noun	ita
feromona	noun	spa	feromone	noun	ita
ferrocarril	noun	spa	ferrovia	noun	ita
ferry	noun	spa	traghetto	noun	ita
fertilidad	noun	spa	fertilità	noun	ita
fertilidad	noun	spa	fertilità	noun	ita
fertilidad	noun	spa	fertilità	noun	ita
fertilización	noun	spa	fertilizzazione	noun	ita
fertilizante	noun	spa	fertilizzante	noun	ita
festival	noun	spa	festival	noun	ita
festival	noun	spa	festival	noun	ita
festival	noun	spa	festival	noun	ita
festividad	noun	spa	festività	noun	ita
festividad	noun	spa	festività	noun	ita
festividad	noun	spa	festività	noun	ita
fetiche	noun	spa	feticcio	noun	ita
fetichismo	noun	spa	feticismo	noun	ita
feto	noun	spa	feto	noun	ita
feudalidad	noun	spa	feudalità	noun	ita
feudalidad	noun	spa	feudalità	noun	ita
feudalidad	noun	spa	feudalità	noun	ita
feudalismo	noun	spa	feudalesimo	noun	ita
fiabilidad	noun	spa	attendibilità	noun	ita
fiabilidad	noun	spa	attendibilità	noun	ita
fiabilidad	noun	spa	attendibilità	noun	ita
fibra	noun	spa	fibra	noun	ita
ficción	noun	spa	finzione	noun	ita
fichero	noun	spa	file	noun	ita
fichero	noun	spa	file	noun	ita
fichero	noun	spa	file	noun	ita
ficus	noun	spa	ficus	noun	ita
ficus	noun	spa	ficus	noun	ita
ficus	noun	spa	ficus	noun	ita
fidelidad	noun	spa	fedeltà	noun	ita
fidelidad	noun	spa	fedeltà	noun	ita
fidelidad	noun	spa	fedeltà	noun	ita
fiebre	noun	spa	febbre	noun	ita
fiel	noun	spa	fedele	noun	ita
fiera	noun	spa	bestia	noun	ita
fiesta	noun	spa	festa	noun	ita
fifa	noun	spa	fifa	noun	ita
figura	noun	spa	figura	noun	ita
fijación	noun	spa	fissazione	noun	ita
fila	noun	spa	fila	noun	ita
fila	noun	spa	fila	noun	ita
filamento	noun	spa	filamento	noun	ita
filantropía	noun	spa	filantropia	noun	ita
filantropía	noun	spa	filantropia	noun	ita
filatelia	noun	spa	filatelia	noun	ita
filiación	noun	spa	filiazione	noun	ita
filigrana	noun	spa	filigrana	noun	ita
film	noun	spa	film	noun	ita
film	noun	spa	film	noun	ita
filo	noun	spa	filo	noun	ita
filología	noun	spa	filologia	noun	ita
filosofía	noun	spa	filosofia	noun	ita
filtración	noun	spa	filtrazione	noun	ita
filtro	noun	spa	filtro	noun	ita
filósofo	noun	spa	filosofo	noun	ita
fin	noun	spa	fine	noun	ita
fin de semana	noun	spa	weekend	noun	ita
fin de semana	noun	spa	weekend	noun	ita
fin de semana	noun	spa	weekend	noun	ita
fin de semana	noun	spa	fine settimana	noun	ita
final	noun	spa	finale	noun	ita
final	noun	spa	finale	noun	ita
finalidad	noun	spa	finalità	noun	ita
finalidad	noun	spa	finalità	noun	ita
finalidad	noun	spa	finalità	noun	ita
finalización	noun	spa	finalizzazione	noun	ita
financiación	noun	spa	finanziamento	noun	ita
financiación	noun	spa	finanziamento	noun	ita
financiamiento	noun	spa	finanziamento	noun	ita
finanza	noun	spa	finanza	noun	ita
finca	noun	spa	podere	noun	ita
fines	noun	spa	fines	noun	ita
finlandés	noun	spa	finlandese	noun	ita
finlandés	noun	spa	finlandese	noun	ita
finlandés	noun	spa	finlandese	noun	ita
finta	noun	spa	finta	noun	ita
firma	noun	spa	firma	noun	ita
firmamento	noun	spa	firmamento	noun	ita
fiscal	noun	spa	pubblico ministero	noun	ita
fiscalía	noun	spa	procura	noun	ita
fisiología	noun	spa	fisiologia	noun	ita
fisiología	noun	spa	fisiologia	noun	ita
fisioterapia	noun	spa	fisioterapia	noun	ita
fisión	noun	spa	fissione	noun	ita
fisura	noun	spa	crepa	noun	ita
flamenco	noun	spa	flamenco	noun	ita
flamenco	noun	spa	flamenco	noun	ita
flamenco	noun	spa	flamenco	noun	ita
flanco	noun	spa	fianco	noun	ita
flash	noun	spa	flash	noun	ita
flash	noun	spa	flash	noun	ita
flash	noun	spa	flash	noun	ita
flatulencia	noun	spa	flatulenza	noun	ita
flauta	noun	spa	flauto	noun	ita
flecha	noun	spa	freccia	noun	ita
flete	noun	spa	tariffa	noun	ita
flexibilidad	noun	spa	flessibilità	noun	ita
flexibilidad	noun	spa	flessibilità	noun	ita
flexibilidad	noun	spa	flessibilità	noun	ita
flexibilización	noun	spa	allentamento	noun	ita
flexión	noun	spa	flessione	noun	ita
flor	noun	spa	fiore	noun	ita
flora	noun	spa	flora	noun	ita
floresta	noun	spa	foresta	noun	ita
florista	noun	spa	fioraio	noun	ita
florista	noun	spa	fioraio	noun	ita
florista	noun	spa	fioraio	noun	ita
floristería	noun	spa	fioreria	noun	ita
flotación	noun	spa	flottazione	noun	ita
flotador	noun	spa	galleggiante	noun	ita
fluctuación	noun	spa	fluttuazione	noun	ita
fluidez	noun	spa	fluidità	noun	ita
fluidez	noun	spa	fluidità	noun	ita
fluidez	noun	spa	fluidità	noun	ita
fluido	noun	spa	fluido	noun	ita
fluido	adjective	spa	fluido	adjective	ita
flujo	noun	spa	flusso	noun	ita
fluorescencia	noun	spa	fluorescenza	noun	ita
fobia	noun	spa	fobia	noun	ita
foca	noun	spa	foca	noun	ita
foco	noun	spa	focus	noun	ita
foco	noun	spa	focus	noun	ita
foco	noun	spa	focus	noun	ita
foco	noun	spa	focolaio	noun	ita
foie	noun	spa	foie	noun	ita
foie gras	noun	spa	foie gras	noun	ita
folclore	noun	spa	folclore	noun	ita
follaje	noun	spa	fogliame	noun	ita
folleto	noun	spa	opuscolo	noun	ita
fomento	noun	spa	promozione	noun	ita
fomento	noun	spa	promozione	noun	ita
fondo	noun	spa	fondo	noun	ita
fondo	noun	spa	sfondo	noun	ita
fondo	noun	spa	sfondo	noun	ita
fondo del mar	noun	spa	fondale	noun	ita
fondo de inversión	noun	spa	hedge	noun	ita
fondo de inversión	noun	spa	hedge	noun	ita
fondo de inversión	noun	spa	hedge	noun	ita
fontanero	noun	spa	idraulico	noun	ita
fontanero	noun	spa	idraulico	noun	ita
fontanero	noun	spa	idraulico	noun	ita
forja	noun	spa	fucina	noun	ita
forma	noun	spa	forma	noun	ita
formación	noun	spa	formazione	noun	ita
formalización	noun	spa	formalizzazione	noun	ita
format	noun	spa	format	noun	ita
formato	noun	spa	formato	noun	ita
formulación	noun	spa	formulazione	noun	ita
formulador	noun	spa	formulatore	noun	ita
formulador	noun	spa	formulatore	noun	ita
formulador	noun	spa	formulatore	noun	ita
formulario	noun	spa	modulo	noun	ita
foro	noun	spa	forum	noun	ita
foro	noun	spa	forum	noun	ita
foro	noun	spa	forum	noun	ita
foro	noun	spa	foro	noun	ita
forraje	noun	spa	foraggio	noun	ita
fortalecimiento	noun	spa	fortificazione	noun	ita
fortaleza	noun	spa	fortezza	noun	ita
fortaleza	noun	spa	potere	noun	ita
fortuna	noun	spa	fortuna	noun	ita
fosa	noun	spa	fossa	noun	ita
fosfato	noun	spa	fosfato	noun	ita
foto	noun	spa	foto	noun	ita
foto	noun	spa	foto	noun	ita
foto	noun	spa	foto	noun	ita
fotocopia	noun	spa	fotocopiatrice	noun	ita
fotofermentación	noun	spa	fotofermentazione	noun	ita
fotografía	noun	spa	fotografia	noun	ita
fotograma	noun	spa	fotogramma	noun	ita
fotosíntesis	noun	spa	fotosintesi	noun	ita
fotosíntesis	noun	spa	fotosintesi	noun	ita
fotógrafo	noun	spa	fotografo	noun	ita
fotón	noun	spa	fotone	noun	ita
fracasado	noun	spa	fallito	noun	ita
fracaso	noun	spa	fallimento	noun	ita
fracción	noun	spa	frazione	noun	ita
fractura	noun	spa	frattura	noun	ita
fragilidad	noun	spa	fragilità	noun	ita
fragilidad	noun	spa	fragilità	noun	ita
fragilidad	noun	spa	fragilità	noun	ita
fragmentación	noun	spa	frammentazione	noun	ita
fragmento	noun	spa	frammento	noun	ita
fragmento	noun	spa	spezzone	noun	ita
fraile	noun	spa	frate	noun	ita
frambuesa	noun	spa	lampone	noun	ita
franco	noun	spa	franco	noun	ita
francés	noun	spa	francese	noun	ita
francés	noun	spa	francese	noun	ita
francés	noun	spa	francese	noun	ita
franja	noun	spa	striscia	noun	ita
franquicia	noun	spa	franchising	noun	ita
franquicia	noun	spa	franchising	noun	ita
franquicia	noun	spa	franchising	noun	ita
franquismo	noun	spa	franchismo	noun	ita
franquista	noun	spa	franchista	noun	ita
franquista	noun	spa	franchista	noun	ita
franquista	noun	spa	franchista	noun	ita
frasco	noun	spa	flacone	noun	ita
frase	noun	spa	frase	noun	ita
fraude	noun	spa	frode	noun	ita
fray	noun	spa	frate	noun	ita
fray	noun	spa	frate	noun	ita
fray	noun	spa	frate	noun	ita
frecuencia	noun	spa	frequenza	noun	ita
frecuentación	noun	spa	frequentazione	noun	ita
fregona	noun	spa	radazza	noun	ita
freno	noun	spa	freno	noun	ita
frente	noun	spa	fronte	noun	ita
frente	noun	spa	fronte	noun	ita
fresa	noun	spa	fragola	noun	ita
fresco	noun	spa	fresco	noun	ita
fresco	noun	spa	affresco	noun	ita
frescor	noun	spa	freschezza	noun	ita
frescura	noun	spa	freschezza	noun	ita
fricción	noun	spa	frizione	noun	ita
frigorífico	noun	spa	frigorifero	noun	ita
friki	noun	spa	geek	noun	ita
friki	noun	spa	geek	noun	ita
friki	noun	spa	geek	noun	ita
frontera	noun	spa	confine	noun	ita
frontera	noun	spa	frontiera	noun	ita
fruición	noun	spa	fruizione	noun	ita
frustración	noun	spa	frustrazione	noun	ita
fruta	noun	spa	frutta	noun	ita
fruto	noun	spa	frutto	noun	ita
frío	noun	spa	freddo	noun	ita
ftalato	noun	spa	ftalato	noun	ita
fuego	noun	spa	fuoco	noun	ita
fuente	noun	spa	fonte	noun	ita
fuente	noun	spa	fonte	noun	ita
fuerte	noun	spa	forte	noun	ita
fuerza	noun	spa	forza	noun	ita
fuga	noun	spa	fuga	noun	ita
fulgor	noun	spa	fulgore	noun	ita
fumador	noun	spa	fumatore	noun	ita
funcionalidad	noun	spa	funzionalità	noun	ita
funcionalidad	noun	spa	funzionalità	noun	ita
funcionalidad	noun	spa	funzionalità	noun	ita
funcionamiento	noun	spa	funzionamento	noun	ita
funcionario	noun	spa	funzionario	noun	ita
función	noun	spa	funzione	noun	ita
fundación	noun	spa	fondazione	noun	ita
fundación	noun	spa	fondazione	noun	ita
fundador	noun	spa	fondatore	noun	ita
fundamentalismo	noun	spa	fondamentalismo	noun	ita
fundamentalista	noun	spa	fondamentalista	noun	ita
fundamentalista	noun	spa	fondamentalista	noun	ita
fundamentalista	noun	spa	fondamentalista	noun	ita
fundamento	noun	spa	fondamento	noun	ita
fundición	noun	spa	fusione	noun	ita
funeral	noun	spa	funerale	noun	ita
funicular	noun	spa	funicolare	noun	ita
furgón	noun	spa	furgone	noun	ita
furia	noun	spa	furia	noun	ita
fuselaje	noun	spa	fusoliera	noun	ita
fusil	noun	spa	fucile	noun	ita
fusilamiento	noun	spa	fucilazione	noun	ita
fusión	noun	spa	fusione	noun	ita
futbolista	noun	spa	calciatore	noun	ita
futbolista	noun	spa	calciatore	noun	ita
futbolista	noun	spa	calciatore	noun	ita
futuro	noun	spa	futuro	noun	ita
fábrica	noun	spa	fabbrica	noun	ita
fármaco	noun	spa	farmaco	noun	ita
fécula	noun	spa	fecola	noun	ita
física	noun	spa	fisica	noun	ita
físico	noun	spa	fisico	noun	ita
físico	noun	spa	fisico	noun	ita
físico	noun	spa	fisico	noun	ita
fórmula	noun	spa	formula	noun	ita
fósforo	noun	spa	fosforo	noun	ita
fósforo	noun	spa	fosforo	noun	ita
fósil	noun	spa	fossile	noun	ita
fútbol	noun	spa	calcio	noun	ita
fútbol	noun	spa	calcio	noun	ita
fútbol	noun	spa	calcio	noun	ita
fútbol	noun	spa	calcio	noun	ita
gabinete	noun	spa	gabinetto	noun	ita
gafa	noun	spa	occhiale	noun	ita
gafas	noun	spa	occhiali	noun	ita
gafas de sol	noun	spa	occhiali da sole	noun	ita
galaxia	noun	spa	galassia	noun	ita
galería	noun	spa	galleria	noun	ita
galería	noun	spa	galleria	noun	ita
galgo	noun	spa	levriero	noun	ita
gallego	noun	spa	galiziano	noun	ita
galleta	noun	spa	biscotto	noun	ita
gallina	noun	spa	gallina	noun	ita
gallo	noun	spa	gallo	noun	ita
galón	noun	spa	gallone	noun	ita
gama	noun	spa	gamma	noun	ita
gamba	noun	spa	gambero	noun	ita
gamma	noun	spa	gamma	noun	ita
gana	noun	spa	voglia	noun	ita
ganadero	noun	spa	allevatore	noun	ita
ganado	noun	spa	bestiame	noun	ita
ganador	noun	spa	vincente	noun	ita
ganador	noun	spa	vincente	noun	ita
ganador	noun	spa	vincente	noun	ita
ganador	adjective	spa	vincente	adjective	ita
ganador	adjective	spa	vincente	adjective	ita
ganador	adjective	spa	vincente	adjective	ita
ganancia	noun	spa	utile	noun	ita
gancho	noun	spa	gancio	noun	ita
ganglio	noun	spa	ganglio	noun	ita
gangrena	noun	spa	cancrena	noun	ita
ganso	noun	spa	oca	noun	ita
garabato	noun	spa	scarabocchio	noun	ita
garaje	noun	spa	garage	noun	ita
garaje	noun	spa	garage	noun	ita
garantía	noun	spa	garanzia	noun	ita
garbanzo	noun	spa	cece	noun	ita
garganta	noun	spa	gola	noun	ita
garra	noun	spa	artiglio	noun	ita
garrafa	noun	spa	caraffa	noun	ita
gas	noun	spa	gas	noun	ita
gas	noun	spa	gas	noun	ita
gas	noun	spa	gas	noun	ita
gasolina	noun	spa	benzina	noun	ita
gasolinera	noun	spa	distributore	noun	ita
gasto	noun	spa	spesa	noun	ita
gastronomía	noun	spa	gastronomia	noun	ita
gasóleo	noun	spa	gasolio	noun	ita
gasóleo	noun	spa	nafta	noun	ita
gato	noun	spa	gatto	noun	ita
gaviota	noun	spa	gabbiano	noun	ita
gay	noun	spa	gay	noun	ita
gay	noun	spa	gay	noun	ita
gay	noun	spa	gay	noun	ita
lagartija	noun	spa	geco	noun	ita
gel	noun	spa	gel	noun	ita
gel	noun	spa	gel	noun	ita
gel	noun	spa	gel	noun	ita
gelatina	noun	spa	gelatina	noun	ita
gema	noun	spa	gemma	noun	ita
gemelo	noun	spa	gemello	noun	ita
gemelo	noun	spa	gemello	noun	ita
geminación	noun	spa	geminazione	noun	ita
gen	noun	spa	gene	noun	ita
genealogía	noun	spa	genealogia	noun	ita
generación	noun	spa	generazione	noun	ita
generador	noun	spa	generatore	noun	ita
generador	noun	spa	generatore	noun	ita
general	noun	spa	generale	noun	ita
general	noun	spa	generale	noun	ita
general	noun	spa	generale	noun	ita
generalidad	noun	spa	generalità	noun	ita
generalidad	noun	spa	generalità	noun	ita
generalidad	noun	spa	generalità	noun	ita
generalización	noun	spa	generalizzazione	noun	ita
generosidad	noun	spa	generosità	noun	ita
generosidad	noun	spa	generosità	noun	ita
generosidad	noun	spa	generosità	noun	ita
genial	noun	spa	geniale	noun	ita
genialidad	noun	spa	genialità	noun	ita
genialidad	noun	spa	genialità	noun	ita
genialidad	noun	spa	genialità	noun	ita
genio	noun	spa	genio	noun	ita
genital	noun	spa	genitale	noun	ita
genocidio	noun	spa	genocidio	noun	ita
genoma	noun	spa	genoma	noun	ita
genoma	noun	spa	genoma	noun	ita
gente	noun	spa	gente	noun	ita
genética	noun	spa	genetica	noun	ita
genética	noun	spa	genetica	noun	ita
genómica	noun	spa	genomica	noun	ita
geografía	noun	spa	geografia	noun	ita
geometría	noun	spa	geometria	noun	ita
geopolítica	noun	spa	geopolitica	noun	ita
geopolítica	noun	spa	geopolitica	noun	ita
geranio	noun	spa	geranio	noun	ita
gerencia	noun	spa	dirigenza	noun	ita
gerente	noun	spa	direttore	noun	ita
gerente	noun	spa	direttore	noun	ita
gerente	noun	spa	direttore	noun	ita
gerente	noun	spa	dirigente	noun	ita
germanización	noun	spa	germanizzazione	noun	ita
germen	noun	spa	germe	noun	ita
germinación	noun	spa	germinazione	noun	ita
gestación	noun	spa	gestazione	noun	ita
gestión	noun	spa	management	noun	ita
gestión	noun	spa	gestione	noun	ita
gesto	noun	spa	gesto	noun	ita
gigante	noun	spa	gigante	noun	ita
gigante	noun	spa	gigante	noun	ita
gigante	noun	spa	gigante	noun	ita
gimnasia	noun	spa	ginnastica	noun	ita
gimnasio	noun	spa	palestra	noun	ita
gimnasta	noun	spa	ginnasta	noun	ita
ginebra	noun	spa	gin	noun	ita
ginebra	noun	spa	gin	noun	ita
ginebra	noun	spa	gin	noun	ita
ginecología	noun	spa	ginecologia	noun	ita
ginecólogo	noun	spa	ginecologo	noun	ita
gira	noun	spa	tour	noun	ita
gira	noun	spa	tour	noun	ita
gira	noun	spa	tour	noun	ita
giro	noun	spa	giro	noun	ita
giróscopo	noun	spa	giroscopio	noun	ita
gitano	noun	spa	gitano	noun	ita
glaciación	noun	spa	glaciazione	noun	ita
glaciar	noun	spa	ghiacciaio	noun	ita
glamur	noun	spa	glamour	noun	ita
glamur	noun	spa	glamour	noun	ita
glamur	noun	spa	glamour	noun	ita
glamour	noun	spa	glamour	noun	ita
globalización	noun	spa	globalizzazione	noun	ita
globo	noun	spa	pallone	noun	ita
globo	noun	spa	pallone	noun	ita
gloria	noun	spa	gloria	noun	ita
glucosa	noun	spa	glucosio	noun	ita
gluten	noun	spa	glutine	noun	ita
gluten	noun	spa	glutine	noun	ita
gluten	noun	spa	glutine	noun	ita
glándula	noun	spa	ghiandola	noun	ita
gobernabilidad	noun	spa	governabilità	noun	ita
gobernabilidad	noun	spa	governabilità	noun	ita
gobernabilidad	noun	spa	governabilità	noun	ita
gobernabilidad	noun	spa	governance	noun	ita
gobernabilidad	noun	spa	governance	noun	ita
gobernabilidad	noun	spa	governance	noun	ita
gobernador	noun	spa	governatore	noun	ita
gobernanza	noun	spa	governance	noun	ita
gobernanza	noun	spa	governance	noun	ita
gobernanza	noun	spa	governance	noun	ita
gobernante	noun	spa	governante	noun	ita
gobernante	noun	spa	governante	noun	ita
gobernante	noun	spa	governante	noun	ita
gobernanza	noun	spa	governo	noun	ita
gobierno	noun	spa	governo	noun	ita
gol	noun	spa	gol	noun	ita
gol	noun	spa	gol	noun	ita
gol	noun	spa	gol	noun	ita
gol	noun	spa	goal	noun	ita
golf	noun	spa	golf	noun	ita
golf	noun	spa	golf	noun	ita
golf	noun	spa	golf	noun	ita
golfo	noun	spa	golfo	noun	ita
golpe	noun	spa	colpo	noun	ita
golpista	noun	spa	golpista	noun	ita
golpista	noun	spa	golpista	noun	ita
golpista	noun	spa	golpista	noun	ita
goma	noun	spa	gomma	noun	ita
gorila	noun	spa	gorilla	noun	ita
gorila	noun	spa	gorilla	noun	ita
gorila	noun	spa	gorilla	noun	ita
gorra	noun	spa	berretto	noun	ita
gota	noun	spa	goccia	noun	ita
goteo	noun	spa	gocciolio	noun	ita
gozo	noun	spa	godimento	noun	ita
gprs	noun	spa	gprs	noun	ita
gps	noun	spa	gps	noun	ita
grabación	noun	spa	registrazione	noun	ita
gracia	noun	spa	grazia	noun	ita
gradación	noun	spa	gradazione	noun	ita
grado	noun	spa	grado	noun	ita
graduación	noun	spa	graduazione	noun	ita
graduado	noun	spa	laureato	noun	ita
graffiti	noun	spa	graffiti	noun	ita
graffiti	noun	spa	graffiti	noun	ita
graffiti	noun	spa	graffiti	noun	ita
grafía	noun	spa	grafia	noun	ita
gramo	noun	spa	grammo	noun	ita
gramática	noun	spa	grammatica	noun	ita
gran cosa	noun	spa	granché	noun	ita
granada	noun	spa	melograno	noun	ita
grandeza	noun	spa	grandezza	noun	ita
granito	noun	spa	granito	noun	ita
granizo	noun	spa	grandine	noun	ita
granizo	noun	spa	grandine	noun	ita
granja	noun	spa	fattoria	noun	ita
granjero	noun	spa	contadino	noun	ita
grano	noun	spa	grano	noun	ita
grano	noun	spa	granello	noun	ita
grasa	noun	spa	grasso	noun	ita
gratificación	noun	spa	gratificazione	noun	ita
gratitud	noun	spa	gratitudine	noun	ita
gratuidad	noun	spa	gratuità	noun	ita
gratuidad	noun	spa	gratuità	noun	ita
gratuidad	noun	spa	gratuità	noun	ita
grava	noun	spa	ghiaia	noun	ita
gravedad	noun	spa	gravità	noun	ita
gravedad	noun	spa	gravità	noun	ita
gravedad	noun	spa	gravità	noun	ita
gravedad	noun	spa	gravità	noun	ita
gravitación	noun	spa	gravitazione	noun	ita
gravitación	noun	spa	gravitazione	noun	ita
gremio	noun	spa	corporazione	noun	ita
griego	noun	spa	greco	noun	ita
grieta	noun	spa	crepa	noun	ita
grifo	noun	spa	grifone	noun	ita
grifo	noun	spa	rubinetto	noun	ita
grillo	noun	spa	cicala	noun	ita
gripe	noun	spa	influenza	noun	ita
gris	noun	spa	grigio	noun	ita
gris	noun	spa	grigio	noun	ita
gris	noun	spa	grigio	noun	ita
grito	noun	spa	grido	noun	ita
grito	noun	spa	grido	noun	ita
grito	noun	spa	grido	noun	ita
grito	noun	spa	grido	noun	ita
grosería	noun	spa	grossolaneria	noun	ita
grosor	noun	spa	spessore	noun	ita
grupa	noun	spa	gruppo	noun	ita
grupo	noun	spa	gruppo	noun	ita
grupo	noun	spa	gruppo	noun	ita
grupo de presión	noun	spa	lobby	noun	ita
grupo de presión	noun	spa	lobby	noun	ita
grupo de presión	noun	spa	lobby	noun	ita
gruta	noun	spa	grotta	noun	ita
gráfico	noun	spa	grafico	noun	ita
gráfica	noun	spa	grafica	noun	ita
grúa	noun	spa	gru	noun	ita
grúa	noun	spa	gru	noun	ita
grúa	noun	spa	gru	noun	ita
guante	noun	spa	guanto	noun	ita
guardarropa	noun	spa	guardaroba	noun	ita
guardarropa	noun	spa	guardaroba	noun	ita
guardarropa	noun	spa	guardaroba	noun	ita
guardería	noun	spa	asilo nido	noun	ita
guardia	noun	spa	guardia	noun	ita
guardia	noun	spa	guardia	noun	ita
guardia	noun	spa	guardia	noun	ita
guardia	noun	spa	guardia	noun	ita
guardián	noun	spa	custode	noun	ita
guardián	noun	spa	custode	noun	ita
guardián	noun	spa	custode	noun	ita
guardián	noun	spa	guardiano	noun	ita
guarnición	noun	spa	guarnigione	noun	ita
guau	interjection	spa	wow	interjection	ita
guerra	noun	spa	guerra	noun	ita
guerrero	noun	spa	guerriero	noun	ita
guerrero	noun	spa	guerriero	noun	ita
guerrero	noun	spa	guerriero	noun	ita
guerrilla	noun	spa	guerriglia	noun	ita
guerrilla	noun	spa	guerrigliero	noun	ita
guerrilla	noun	spa	guerrigliero	noun	ita
guerrillero	noun	spa	guerrigliero	noun	ita
gueto	noun	spa	ghetto	noun	ita
guitarra	noun	spa	chitarra	noun	ita
guitarra	noun	spa	chitarra	noun	ita
guitarrista	noun	spa	chitarrista	noun	ita
guitarrista	noun	spa	chitarrista	noun	ita
guitarrista	noun	spa	chitarrista	noun	ita
guión	noun	spa	sceneggiatura	noun	ita
gula	noun	spa	gola	noun	ita
gusano	noun	spa	verme	noun	ita
gusto	noun	spa	gusto	noun	ita
género	noun	spa	genere	noun	ita
haba	noun	spa	fava	noun	ita
habilidad	noun	spa	abilità	noun	ita
habilidad	noun	spa	abilità	noun	ita
habilidad	noun	spa	abilità	noun	ita
habilitación	noun	spa	abilitazione	noun	ita
habitabilidad	noun	spa	abitabilità	noun	ita
habitabilidad	noun	spa	abitabilità	noun	ita
habitabilidad	noun	spa	abitabilità	noun	ita
habitación	noun	spa	stanza	noun	ita
habitación	noun	spa	abitazione	noun	ita
habitante	noun	spa	abitante	noun	ita
habitante	noun	spa	abitatore	noun	ita
habitante	noun	spa	abitatore	noun	ita
habitual	noun	spa	abituale	noun	ita
habitáculo	noun	spa	abitacolo	noun	ita
habla	noun	spa	lingua	noun	ita
hablar	noun	spa	parlare	noun	ita
hacedor	noun	spa	creatore	noun	ita
hacha	noun	spa	ascia	noun	ita
hachís	noun	spa	hascisc	noun	ita
hacienda	noun	spa	tenuta	noun	ita
hacker	noun	spa	hacker	noun	ita
hacker	noun	spa	hacker	noun	ita
hacker	noun	spa	hacker	noun	ita
hada	noun	spa	fata	noun	ita
hada	noun	spa	fata	noun	ita
halcón	noun	spa	falco	noun	ita
hallazgo	noun	spa	constatazione	noun	ita
hamaca	noun	spa	amaca	noun	ita
hambre	noun	spa	fame	noun	ita
hambre	noun	spa	fame	noun	ita
hambruna	noun	spa	carestia	noun	ita
hamburguesa	noun	spa	hamburger	noun	ita
hamburguesa	noun	spa	hamburger	noun	ita
hamburguesa	noun	spa	hamburger	noun	ita
hamburguesa	noun	spa	hamburger	noun	ita
handicap	noun	spa	handicap	noun	ita
handicap	noun	spa	handicap	noun	ita
hangar	noun	spa	hangar	noun	ita
hangar	noun	spa	hangar	noun	ita
hangar	noun	spa	hangar	noun	ita
hardware	noun	spa	hardware	noun	ita
hardware	noun	spa	hardware	noun	ita
hardware	noun	spa	hardware	noun	ita
harem	noun	spa	harem	noun	ita
harina	noun	spa	farina	noun	ita
haz	noun	spa	fascio	noun	ita
hebra	noun	spa	filo	noun	ita
hebreo	noun	spa	ebreo	noun	ita
hecatombe	noun	spa	ecatombe	noun	ita
heces	noun	spa	feci	noun	ita
hecho	noun	spa	fatto	noun	ita
hectárea	noun	spa	ettaro	noun	ita
hectárea	noun	spa	ettaro	noun	ita
hectárea	noun	spa	ettaro	noun	ita
hedonismo	noun	spa	edonismo	noun	ita
hegemonía	noun	spa	egemonia	noun	ita
helicóptero	noun	spa	elicottero	noun	ita
helicóptero	noun	spa	elicottero	noun	ita
helio	noun	spa	elio	noun	ita
hematoma	noun	spa	ematoma	noun	ita
hembra	noun	spa	femmina	noun	ita
hemisferio	noun	spa	emisfero	noun	ita
hemofilia	noun	spa	emofilia	noun	ita
hemorragia	noun	spa	emorragia	noun	ita
hemorroide	noun	spa	emorroide	noun	ita
hendidura	noun	spa	crepaccio	noun	ita
hepatitis	noun	spa	epatite	noun	ita
hepatitis	noun	spa	epatite	noun	ita
hepatitis	noun	spa	epatite	noun	ita
heraldo	noun	spa	araldo	noun	ita
heredero	noun	spa	erede	noun	ita
heredero	noun	spa	erede	noun	ita
heredero	noun	spa	erede	noun	ita
herencia	noun	spa	eredità	noun	ita
herencia	noun	spa	eredità	noun	ita
herencia	noun	spa	eredità	noun	ita
herido	noun	spa	ferito	noun	ita
hermana	noun	spa	sorella	noun	ita
hermandad	noun	spa	fratellanza	noun	ita
hermano	noun	spa	fratello	noun	ita
hernia	noun	spa	ernia	noun	ita
heroína	noun	spa	eroina	noun	ita
herpes	noun	spa	herpes	noun	ita
herradura	noun	spa	ferratura	noun	ita
herramienta	noun	spa	utensile	noun	ita
herramienta	noun	spa	arnese	noun	ita
herrero	noun	spa	fabbro	noun	ita
herrero	noun	spa	fabbro	noun	ita
herrero	noun	spa	fabbro	noun	ita
heterosexual	noun	spa	eterosessuale	noun	ita
hibernación	noun	spa	letargo	noun	ita
hibridación	noun	spa	ibridizzazione	noun	ita
hibridación	noun	spa	ibridazione	noun	ita
hidrato de carbono	noun	spa	carboidrato	noun	ita
hidroavión	noun	spa	idrovolante	noun	ita
hidrocarburo	noun	spa	idrocarburo	noun	ita
hidrofobia	noun	spa	idrofobia	noun	ita
hidrogenación	noun	spa	idrogenazione	noun	ita
hidrógeno	noun	spa	idrogeno	noun	ita
hidrógeno	noun	spa	idrogeno	noun	ita
hidrólisis	noun	spa	idrolisi	noun	ita
hidróxido	noun	spa	idrossido	noun	ita
hielo	noun	spa	ghiaccio	noun	ita
hiena	noun	spa	iena	noun	ita
hierba	noun	spa	erba	noun	ita
hierro	noun	spa	ferro	noun	ita
higiene	noun	spa	igiene	noun	ita
higo	noun	spa	fico	noun	ita
higrómetro	noun	spa	igrometro	noun	ita
hijo	noun	spa	figlio	noun	ita
hilaridad	noun	spa	ilarità	noun	ita
hilaridad	noun	spa	ilarità	noun	ita
hilaridad	noun	spa	ilarità	noun	ita
hilo	noun	spa	filo	noun	ita
himen	noun	spa	imene	noun	ita
himno	noun	spa	inno	noun	ita
hincapié	noun	spa	attenzione	noun	ita
hindú	noun	spa	indù	noun	ita
hindú	noun	spa	indù	noun	ita
hindú	noun	spa	indù	noun	ita
hindú	adjective	spa	indù	adjective	ita
hindú	adjective	spa	indù	adjective	ita
hindú	adjective	spa	indù	adjective	ita
hinojo	noun	spa	finocchio	noun	ita
hiperactividad	noun	spa	iperattività	noun	ita
hiperactividad	noun	spa	iperattività	noun	ita
hiperactividad	noun	spa	iperattività	noun	ita
hipertensión	noun	spa	ipertensione	noun	ita
hipertensión	noun	spa	ipertensione	noun	ita
hipnosis	noun	spa	ipnosi	noun	ita
hipnosis	noun	spa	ipnosi	noun	ita
hipnosis	noun	spa	ipnosi	noun	ita
hipo	noun	spa	singhiozzo	noun	ita
hipocampo	noun	spa	ippocampo	noun	ita
hipocampo	noun	spa	ippocampo	noun	ita
hipocondría	noun	spa	ipocondria	noun	ita
hipopótamo	noun	spa	ippopotamo	noun	ita
hipoteca	noun	spa	ipoteca	noun	ita
hipotensión	noun	spa	ipotensione	noun	ita
hipotermia	noun	spa	ipotermia	noun	ita
hipócrita	noun	spa	ipocrita	noun	ita
hipócrita	noun	spa	ipocrita	noun	ita
hipócrita	noun	spa	ipocrita	noun	ita
hipótesis	noun	spa	ipotesi	noun	ita
histeria	noun	spa	isteria	noun	ita
historia	noun	spa	storia	noun	ita
historiador	noun	spa	storico	noun	ita
historial	noun	spa	cronologia	noun	ita
historiografía	noun	spa	storiografia	noun	ita
hit	noun	spa	hit	noun	ita
hobby	noun	spa	hobby	noun	ita
hockey	noun	spa	hockey	noun	ita
hogar	noun	spa	casa	noun	ita
hoja	noun	spa	foglia	noun	ita
hoja	noun	spa	foglio	noun	ita
holandés	noun	spa	olandese	noun	ita
holandés	noun	spa	olandese	noun	ita
holandés	noun	spa	olandese	noun	ita
hollín	noun	spa	fuliggine	noun	ita
holocausto	noun	spa	olocausto	noun	ita
hombre	noun	spa	uomo	noun	ita
hombro	noun	spa	spalla	noun	ita
homenaje	noun	spa	omaggio	noun	ita
homeopatía	noun	spa	omeopatia	noun	ita
homicidio	noun	spa	omicidio	noun	ita
homo	noun	spa	homo	noun	ita
homo	noun	spa	homo	noun	ita
homo	noun	spa	homo	noun	ita
homofobia	noun	spa	omofobia	noun	ita
homogeneidad	noun	spa	omogeneità	noun	ita
homogeneidad	noun	spa	omogeneità	noun	ita
homogeneidad	noun	spa	omogeneità	noun	ita
homologación	noun	spa	omologazione	noun	ita
homosexual	noun	spa	omosessuale	noun	ita
homosexualidad	noun	spa	omosessualità	noun	ita
homosexualidad	noun	spa	omosessualità	noun	ita
homosexualidad	noun	spa	omosessualità	noun	ita
homólogo	noun	spa	omologo	noun	ita
honestidad	noun	spa	onestà	noun	ita
honestidad	noun	spa	onestà	noun	ita
honestidad	noun	spa	onestà	noun	ita
hongo	noun	spa	fungo	noun	ita
honor	noun	spa	onore	noun	ita
honor	noun	spa	onorificenza	noun	ita
honorario	noun	spa	onorario	noun	ita
honra	noun	spa	onore	noun	ita
hora	noun	spa	ora	noun	ita
horario	noun	spa	orario	noun	ita
horca	noun	spa	forca	noun	ita
horizontal	noun	spa	orizzontale	noun	ita
horizonte	noun	spa	orizzonte	noun	ita
horma	noun	spa	forma	noun	ita
hormiga	noun	spa	formica	noun	ita
hormigón	noun	spa	calcestruzzo	noun	ita
hormona	noun	spa	ormone	noun	ita
hormona	noun	spa	ormone	noun	ita
hormonal	noun	spa	ormonale	noun	ita
hornillo	noun	spa	fornello	noun	ita
horno	noun	spa	forno	noun	ita
horror	noun	spa	orrore	noun	ita
hortaliza	noun	spa	ortaggio	noun	ita
hortensia	noun	spa	ortensia	noun	ita
hospital	noun	spa	ospedale	noun	ita
hospitalidad	noun	spa	ospitalità	noun	ita
hospitalidad	noun	spa	ospitalità	noun	ita
hospitalidad	noun	spa	ospitalità	noun	ita
hostilidad	noun	spa	ostilità	noun	ita
hostilidad	noun	spa	ostilità	noun	ita
hostilidad	noun	spa	ostilità	noun	ita
hotel	noun	spa	hotel	noun	ita
hotel	noun	spa	hotel	noun	ita
hotel	noun	spa	hotel	noun	ita
hoyo	noun	spa	fossa	noun	ita
hoyo	noun	spa	buco	noun	ita
hucha	noun	spa	salvadanaio	noun	ita
hueco	noun	spa	spazio	noun	ita
huelga	noun	spa	sciopero	noun	ita
huelga	noun	spa	sciopero	noun	ita
huella	noun	spa	impronta	noun	ita
huella	noun	spa	orma	noun	ita
huerta	noun	spa	orto	noun	ita
huerto	noun	spa	orto	noun	ita
hueso	noun	spa	osso	noun	ita
hueso	noun	spa	osso	noun	ita
hueso	noun	spa	osso	noun	ita
hueso	noun	spa	osso	noun	ita
hueso	noun	spa	osso	noun	ita
hueso	noun	spa	osso	noun	ita
huevo	noun	spa	uovo	noun	ita
huevo	noun	spa	uovo	noun	ita
huevo	noun	spa	uovo	noun	ita
huevo	noun	spa	uovo	noun	ita
hule	noun	spa	gomma	noun	ita
humanidad	noun	spa	umanità	noun	ita
humanidad	noun	spa	umanità	noun	ita
humanidad	noun	spa	umanità	noun	ita
humedad	noun	spa	umidità	noun	ita
humedad	noun	spa	umidità	noun	ita
humedad	noun	spa	umidità	noun	ita
humildad	noun	spa	umiltà	noun	ita
humildad	noun	spa	umiltà	noun	ita
humildad	noun	spa	umiltà	noun	ita
humillación	noun	spa	umiliazione	noun	ita
humo	noun	spa	fumo	noun	ita
humor	noun	spa	umorismo	noun	ita
humor	noun	spa	umore	noun	ita
humorista	noun	spa	umorista	noun	ita
humorista	noun	spa	umorista	noun	ita
humorista	noun	spa	umorista	noun	ita
hundimiento	noun	spa	tracollo	noun	ita
hundimiento	noun	spa	affondamento	noun	ita
huracán	noun	spa	uragano	noun	ita
hurto	noun	spa	furto	noun	ita
huérfano	noun	spa	orfano	noun	ita
huésped	noun	spa	ospite	noun	ita
huésped	noun	spa	ospite	noun	ita
huésped	noun	spa	ospite	noun	ita
hábitat	noun	spa	habitat	noun	ita
hábitat	noun	spa	habitat	noun	ita
hábitat	noun	spa	habitat	noun	ita
hábito	noun	spa	abitudine	noun	ita
hélice	noun	spa	elica	noun	ita
héroe	noun	spa	eroe	noun	ita
héroe	noun	spa	eroe	noun	ita
héroe	noun	spa	eroe	noun	ita
hígado	noun	spa	fegato	noun	ita
iPad	noun	spa	iPad	noun	ita
iPad	noun	spa	iPad	noun	ita
iPhone	noun	spa	iPhone	noun	ita
iPhone	noun	spa	iPhone	noun	ita
iPod	noun	spa	iPod	noun	ita
iPod	noun	spa	iPod	noun	ita
iceberg	noun	spa	iceberg	noun	ita
iceberg	noun	spa	iceberg	noun	ita
iceberg	noun	spa	iceberg	noun	ita
icono	noun	spa	icona	noun	ita
iconografía	noun	spa	iconografia	noun	ita
idea	noun	spa	idea	noun	ita
idea preconcebida	noun	spa	preconcetto	noun	ita
ideación	noun	spa	ideazione	noun	ita
idealismo	noun	spa	idealismo	noun	ita
idealización	noun	spa	idealizzazione	noun	ita
identidad	noun	spa	identità	noun	ita
identidad	noun	spa	identità	noun	ita
identidad	noun	spa	identità	noun	ita
identificación	noun	spa	identificazione	noun	ita
ideología	noun	spa	ideologia	noun	ita
idioma	noun	spa	idioma	noun	ita
idiosincrasia	noun	spa	idiosincrasia	noun	ita
idiota	noun	spa	idiota	noun	ita
iglesia	noun	spa	chiesa	noun	ita
ignorancia	noun	spa	ignoranza	noun	ita
igualdad	noun	spa	uguaglianza	noun	ita
igualdad	noun	spa	eguaglianza	noun	ita
iluminación	noun	spa	illuminazione	noun	ita
ilusión	noun	spa	illusione	noun	ita
ilustración	noun	spa	illustrazione	noun	ita
imagen	noun	spa	immagine	noun	ita
imagen	noun	spa	immagine	noun	ita
imaginación	noun	spa	immaginazione	noun	ita
imaginario	noun	spa	immaginario	noun	ita
imaginería	noun	spa	iconografia	noun	ita
imitación	noun	spa	imitazione	noun	ita
impacto	noun	spa	impatto	noun	ita
impago	noun	spa	mancato pagamento	noun	ita
imparcialidad	noun	spa	imparzialità	noun	ita
imparcialidad	noun	spa	imparzialità	noun	ita
imparcialidad	noun	spa	imparzialità	noun	ita
imperativo	noun	spa	imperativo	noun	ita
imperialismo	noun	spa	imperialismo	noun	ita
imperialista	noun	spa	imperialista	noun	ita
imperialista	noun	spa	imperialista	noun	ita
imperialista	noun	spa	imperialista	noun	ita
imperio	noun	spa	impero	noun	ita
impermeable	noun	spa	impermeabile	noun	ita
implante	noun	spa	impianto	noun	ita
implementación	noun	spa	implementazione	noun	ita
implicación	noun	spa	implicazione	noun	ita
importación	noun	spa	importazione	noun	ita
importancia	noun	spa	importanza	noun	ita
imposibilidad	noun	spa	impossibilità	noun	ita
imposibilidad	noun	spa	impossibilità	noun	ita
imposibilidad	noun	spa	impossibilità	noun	ita
imposible	noun	spa	impossibile	noun	ita
imposición	noun	spa	imposizione	noun	ita
impostación	noun	spa	impostazione	noun	ita
impotencia	noun	spa	impotenza	noun	ita
impregnación	noun	spa	impregnazione	noun	ita
imprenta	noun	spa	stampa	noun	ita
impresión	noun	spa	impressione	noun	ita
impresora	noun	spa	stampante	noun	ita
imprevisto	noun	spa	imprevisto	noun	ita
impronta	noun	spa	impronta	noun	ita
improvisación	noun	spa	improvvisazione	noun	ita
impuesto	noun	spa	imposta	noun	ita
impuesto	noun	spa	imposta	noun	ita
impuesto de sociedades	noun	spa	corporate tax	noun	ita
impuesto de sociedades	noun	spa	corporate tax	noun	ita
impuesto de sociedades	noun	spa	corporate tax	noun	ita
impulso	noun	spa	impulso	noun	ita
impunidad	noun	spa	impunità	noun	ita
impunidad	noun	spa	impunità	noun	ita
impunidad	noun	spa	impunità	noun	ita
impureza	noun	spa	impurità	noun	ita
impureza	noun	spa	impurità	noun	ita
impureza	noun	spa	impurità	noun	ita
imán	noun	spa	magnete	noun	ita
inactivación	noun	spa	inattivazione	noun	ita
inauguración	noun	spa	inaugurazione	noun	ita
incapacidad	noun	spa	incapacità	noun	ita
incapacidad	noun	spa	incapacità	noun	ita
incapacidad	noun	spa	incapacità	noun	ita
incendio	noun	spa	incendio	noun	ita
incentivo	noun	spa	incentivo	noun	ita
incertidumbre	noun	spa	incertezza	noun	ita
incidencia	noun	spa	incidenza	noun	ita
incidente	noun	spa	incidente	noun	ita
incineración	noun	spa	incenerimento	noun	ita
incitación	noun	spa	incitamento	noun	ita
inclinación	noun	spa	inclinazione	noun	ita
inclusión	noun	spa	inclusione	noun	ita
incomodidad	noun	spa	disagio	noun	ita
incompatibilidad	noun	spa	incompatibilità	noun	ita
incompatibilidad	noun	spa	incompatibilità	noun	ita
incompatibilidad	noun	spa	incompatibilità	noun	ita
incongruencia	noun	spa	incongruenza	noun	ita
inconsciente	noun	spa	subconscio	noun	ita
inconsciente	noun	spa	inconscio	noun	ita
incorporación	noun	spa	incorporazione	noun	ita
incredulidad	noun	spa	incredulità	noun	ita
incredulidad	noun	spa	incredulità	noun	ita
incredulidad	noun	spa	incredulità	noun	ita
incremento	noun	spa	incremento	noun	ita
incumplimiento	noun	spa	default	noun	ita
incumplimiento	noun	spa	violazione	noun	ita
incógnita	noun	spa	incognita	noun	ita
incómodo	adjective	spa	scomodo	adjective	ita
independencia	noun	spa	indipendenza	noun	ita
indeterminación	noun	spa	indeterminazione	noun	ita
indexación	noun	spa	indicizzazione	noun	ita
indicación	noun	spa	indicazione	noun	ita
indicador	noun	spa	indicatore	noun	ita
indicativo	noun	spa	indicativo	noun	ita
indicio	noun	spa	indizio	noun	ita
indiferencia	noun	spa	indifferenza	noun	ita
indignación	noun	spa	indignazione	noun	ita
indio	noun	spa	indiano	noun	ita
individualidad	noun	spa	individualità	noun	ita
individualidad	noun	spa	individualità	noun	ita
individualidad	noun	spa	individualità	noun	ita
individualización	noun	spa	individuazione	noun	ita
individuo	noun	spa	individuo	noun	ita
individuo	noun	spa	individuo	noun	ita
individuo	noun	spa	individuo	noun	ita
inducción	noun	spa	induzione	noun	ita
indulto	noun	spa	indulto	noun	ita
indumentaria	noun	spa	abbigliamento	noun	ita
industria	noun	spa	industria	noun	ita
industrialización	noun	spa	industrializzazione	noun	ita
indígena	noun	spa	indigeno	noun	ita
indígena	noun	spa	indigeno	noun	ita
indígena	noun	spa	indigeno	noun	ita
ineficacia	noun	spa	inefficienza	noun	ita
inercia	noun	spa	inerzia	noun	ita
inervación	noun	spa	innervazione	noun	ita
inestabilidad	noun	spa	instabilità	noun	ita
inestabilidad	noun	spa	instabilità	noun	ita
inestabilidad	noun	spa	instabilità	noun	ita
infancia	noun	spa	infanzia	noun	ita
infante	noun	spa	infante	noun	ita
infante	noun	spa	infante	noun	ita
infante	noun	spa	infante	noun	ita
infarto	noun	spa	infarto	noun	ita
infección	noun	spa	infezione	noun	ita
inferencia	noun	spa	inferenza	noun	ita
infertilidad	noun	spa	sterilità	noun	ita
infertilidad	noun	spa	sterilità	noun	ita
infertilidad	noun	spa	sterilità	noun	ita
infestante	noun	spa	infestante	noun	ita
infidelidad	noun	spa	infedeltà	noun	ita
infidelidad	noun	spa	infedeltà	noun	ita
infidelidad	noun	spa	infedeltà	noun	ita
infierno	noun	spa	inferno	noun	ita
infiltración	noun	spa	infiltrazione	noun	ita
infinito	noun	spa	infinito	noun	ita
inflación	noun	spa	inflazione	noun	ita
inflexión	noun	spa	inflessione	noun	ita
influencia	noun	spa	influenza	noun	ita
influencia	noun	spa	influsso	noun	ita
información	noun	spa	informazione	noun	ita
informatización	noun	spa	informatizzazione	noun	ita
informe	noun	spa	report	noun	ita
informe	noun	spa	relazione	noun	ita
informe	noun	spa	resoconto	noun	ita
informática	noun	spa	informatica	noun	ita
informático	noun	spa	informatico	noun	ita
informático	adjective	spa	informatico	adjective	ita
infracción	noun	spa	infrazione	noun	ita
infraestructura	noun	spa	infrastruttura	noun	ita
infrarrojo	noun	spa	infrarosso	noun	ita
infrarrojo	adjective	spa	infrarosso	adjective	ita
infusión	noun	spa	infuso	noun	ita
ingeniero	noun	spa	ingegnere	noun	ita
ingeniero	noun	spa	ingegnere	noun	ita
ingeniero	noun	spa	ingegnere	noun	ita
ingeniería	noun	spa	ingegneria	noun	ita
ingeniería	noun	spa	ingegneristica	noun	ita
ingenio	noun	spa	ingegno	noun	ita
ingerencia	noun	spa	ingerenza	noun	ita
inglés	noun	spa	inglese	noun	ita
inglés	noun	spa	inglese	noun	ita
inglés	noun	spa	inglese	noun	ita
ingrediente	noun	spa	ingrediente	noun	ita
ingrediente	noun	spa	ingrediente	noun	ita
ingreso	noun	spa	proventi	noun	ita
ingreso	noun	spa	entrata	noun	ita
inhabilitación	noun	spa	divieto	noun	ita
inhalación	noun	spa	inalazione	noun	ita
inhumación	noun	spa	inumazione	noun	ita
iniciación	noun	spa	iniziazione	noun	ita
inicialización	noun	spa	inizializzazione	noun	ita
iniciativa	noun	spa	iniziativa	noun	ita
inicio	noun	spa	inizio	noun	ita
inicio	noun	spa	startup	noun	ita
injusticia	noun	spa	ingiustizia	noun	ita
inmersión	noun	spa	immersione	noun	ita
inmersión	noun	spa	immersione	noun	ita
inmigración	noun	spa	immigrazione	noun	ita
inmigrante	noun	spa	immigrante	noun	ita
inmigrante	noun	spa	immigrato	noun	ita
inmigrante	noun	spa	immigrato	noun	ita
inmigrante	noun	spa	immigrato	noun	ita
inmobiliaria	noun	spa	immobiliare	noun	ita
inmortalidad	noun	spa	immortalità	noun	ita
inmortalidad	noun	spa	immortalità	noun	ita
inmortalidad	noun	spa	immortalità	noun	ita
inmovilización	noun	spa	immobilizzazione	noun	ita
inmueble	noun	spa	immobile	noun	ita
inmunidad	noun	spa	immunità	noun	ita
inmunidad	noun	spa	immunità	noun	ita
inmunidad	noun	spa	immunità	noun	ita
innovación	noun	spa	innovazione	noun	ita
inocencia	noun	spa	innocenza	noun	ita
inodoro	noun	spa	gabinetto	noun	ita
inopia	noun	spa	inopia	noun	ita
inquisición	noun	spa	inquisizione	noun	ita
insatisfacción	noun	spa	insoddisfazione	noun	ita
inscripción	noun	spa	iscrizione	noun	ita
insecto	noun	spa	insetto	noun	ita
inseguridad	noun	spa	insicurezza	noun	ita
inserción	noun	spa	inserzione	noun	ita
inserción	noun	spa	inserimento	noun	ita
inserción	noun	spa	inserzione	noun	ita
insignia	noun	spa	insegna	noun	ita
insistencia	noun	spa	insistenza	noun	ita
insolación	noun	spa	insolazione	noun	ita
insolvencia	noun	spa	insolvenza	noun	ita
insomnio	noun	spa	insonnia	noun	ita
inspección	noun	spa	ispezione	noun	ita
inspector	noun	spa	ispettore	noun	ita
inspiración	noun	spa	ispirazione	noun	ita
inspiración	noun	spa	spunto	noun	ita
inspiración	noun	spa	inspirazione	noun	ita
inspirador	noun	spa	ispiratore	noun	ita
instalación	noun	spa	installazione	noun	ita
instalación	noun	spa	impianto	noun	ita
instancia	noun	spa	istanza	noun	ita
instante	noun	spa	istante	noun	ita
instauración	noun	spa	instaurazione	noun	ita
instigación	noun	spa	istigazione	noun	ita
instinto	noun	spa	istinto	noun	ita
institución	noun	spa	istituzione	noun	ita
institución	noun	spa	istituto	noun	ita
instituto	noun	spa	liceo	noun	ita
instrucción	noun	spa	istruzione	noun	ita
instructor	noun	spa	istruttore	noun	ita
instrumentación	noun	spa	strumentazione	noun	ita
instrumentalización	noun	spa	strumentalizzazione	noun	ita
instrumento	noun	spa	strumento	noun	ita
insuficiencia	noun	spa	insufficienza	noun	ita
insulina	noun	spa	insulina	noun	ita
insulto	noun	spa	insulto	noun	ita
insumo	noun	spa	input	noun	ita
insumo	noun	spa	input	noun	ita
insumo	noun	spa	input	noun	ita
insurgencia	noun	spa	insorgenza	noun	ita
insurrección	noun	spa	insurrezione	noun	ita
insurrección	noun	spa	insorgenza	noun	ita
integración	noun	spa	integrazione	noun	ita
integral	noun	spa	integrale	noun	ita
integrante	noun	spa	integrante	noun	ita
integridad	noun	spa	integrità	noun	ita
integridad	noun	spa	integrità	noun	ita
integridad	noun	spa	integrità	noun	ita
intelecto	noun	spa	intelletto	noun	ita
intelecto	noun	spa	intelletto	noun	ita
inteligencia	noun	spa	intelligenza	noun	ita
inteligencia	noun	spa	intelligenza	noun	ita
intención	noun	spa	intenzione	noun	ita
intensidad	noun	spa	intensità	noun	ita
intensidad	noun	spa	intensità	noun	ita
intensidad	noun	spa	intensità	noun	ita
intensificación	noun	spa	intensificazione	noun	ita
intento	noun	spa	intento	noun	ita
interacción	noun	spa	interazione	noun	ita
intercambio	noun	spa	scambio	noun	ita
intercambio	noun	spa	baratto	noun	ita
interconexión	noun	spa	interconnessione	noun	ita
interdependencia	noun	spa	interdipendenza	noun	ita
interfaz	noun	spa	interfaccia	noun	ita
interfaz	noun	spa	interfaccia	noun	ita
interferencia	noun	spa	interferenza	noun	ita
interior	noun	spa	interiore	noun	ita
interlocutor	noun	spa	interlocutore	noun	ita
intermediación	noun	spa	intermediazione	noun	ita
intermediario	noun	spa	intermediario	noun	ita
intermedio	noun	spa	intermedio	noun	ita
internacionalización	noun	spa	internazionalizzazione	noun	ita
internauta	noun	spa	internauta	noun	ita
internauta	noun	spa	internauta	noun	ita
internauta	noun	spa	internauta	noun	ita
internet	noun	spa	internet	noun	ita
internet	noun	spa	internet	noun	ita
internet	noun	spa	internet	noun	ita
interpolación	noun	spa	interpolazione	noun	ita
interposición	noun	spa	interposizione	noun	ita
interpretación	noun	spa	interpretazione	noun	ita
interrogación	noun	spa	interrogazione	noun	ita
interrogante	noun	spa	interrogativo	noun	ita
interrupción	noun	spa	interruzione	noun	ita
interruptor	noun	spa	interruttore	noun	ita
interruptor	noun	spa	interruttore	noun	ita
intersección	noun	spa	intersezione	noun	ita
intersección	noun	spa	incrocio	noun	ita
intervalo	noun	spa	intervallo	noun	ita
intervalo	noun	spa	intervallo	noun	ita
intervención	noun	spa	intervento	noun	ita
interés	noun	spa	interesse	noun	ita
intestino	noun	spa	intestino	noun	ita
intestino	noun	spa	sfilata	noun	ita
intimidación	noun	spa	intimidazione	noun	ita
intimidad	noun	spa	intimità	noun	ita
intimidad	noun	spa	intimità	noun	ita
intimidad	noun	spa	intimità	noun	ita
intoxicación	noun	spa	intossicazione	noun	ita
intransigencia	noun	spa	intransigenza	noun	ita
introducción	noun	spa	introduzione	noun	ita
introspección	noun	spa	introspezione	noun	ita
intuición	noun	spa	intuizione	noun	ita
intuición	noun	spa	intuito	noun	ita
intérprete	noun	spa	interprete	noun	ita
inundación	noun	spa	inondazione	noun	ita
invalidación	noun	spa	annullamento	noun	ita
invasión	noun	spa	invasione	noun	ita
invención	noun	spa	invenzione	noun	ita
inventario	noun	spa	inventario	noun	ita
invento	noun	spa	invenzione	noun	ita
inventor	noun	spa	inventore	noun	ita
inventor	noun	spa	inventore	noun	ita
invernadero	noun	spa	serra	noun	ita
inversionista	noun	spa	investitore	noun	ita
inversionista	noun	spa	investitore	noun	ita
inversionista	noun	spa	investitore	noun	ita
inversión	noun	spa	inversione	noun	ita
inversión	noun	spa	investimento	noun	ita
inversión	noun	spa	investimento	noun	ita
inversión	noun	spa	investimento	noun	ita
inversor	noun	spa	investitore	noun	ita
investidura	noun	spa	investitura	noun	ita
investigación	noun	spa	ricerca	noun	ita
investigación	noun	spa	investigazione	noun	ita
investigación	noun	spa	ricerca	noun	ita
investigador	noun	spa	ricercatore	noun	ita
invierno	noun	spa	inverno	noun	ita
invitación	noun	spa	invito	noun	ita
invitado	noun	spa	invitato	noun	ita
involución	noun	spa	involuzione	noun	ita
inyección	noun	spa	iniezione	noun	ita
ionización	noun	spa	ionizzazione	noun	ita
ira	noun	spa	ira	noun	ita
iraní	noun	spa	iraniano	noun	ita
iraní	noun	spa	iraniano	noun	ita
iraní	noun	spa	iraniano	noun	ita
iraquí	noun	spa	iracheno	noun	ita
iraquí	noun	spa	iracheno	noun	ita
iraquí	noun	spa	iracheno	noun	ita
iris	noun	spa	iride	noun	ita
iris	noun	spa	iride	noun	ita
iris	noun	spa	iride	noun	ita
irlandés	noun	spa	irlandese	noun	ita
irlandés	noun	spa	irlandese	noun	ita
irlandés	noun	spa	irlandese	noun	ita
ironía	noun	spa	ironia	noun	ita
irpf	noun	spa	irpef	noun	ita
irradiación	noun	spa	irradiazione	noun	ita
irregularidad	noun	spa	irregolarità	noun	ita
irregularidad	noun	spa	irregolarità	noun	ita
irregularidad	noun	spa	irregolarità	noun	ita
irrigación	noun	spa	irrigazione	noun	ita
irritación	noun	spa	irritazione	noun	ita
irrupción	noun	spa	irruzione	noun	ita
isla	noun	spa	isola	noun	ita
islam	noun	spa	islam	noun	ita
islamista	noun	spa	islamista	noun	ita
islamista	noun	spa	islamista	noun	ita
islamista	noun	spa	islamista	noun	ita
isómero	noun	spa	isomero	noun	ita
isótopo	noun	spa	isotopo	noun	ita
italianización	noun	spa	italianizzazione	noun	ita
italiano	noun	spa	italiano	noun	ita
iteración	noun	spa	iterazione	noun	ita
izquierda	noun	spa	sinistra	noun	ita
ión	noun	spa	ione	noun	ita
jabalí	noun	spa	cinghiale	noun	ita
jabón	noun	spa	sapone	noun	ita
jacinto	noun	spa	giacinto	noun	ita
jade	noun	spa	giada	noun	ita
jaguar	noun	spa	giaguaro	noun	ita
jalea	noun	spa	gelatina	noun	ita
jalón	noun	spa	pietra	noun	ita
jamaicano	noun	spa	giamaicano	noun	ita
jamón	noun	spa	prosciutto	noun	ita
japonés	noun	spa	giapponese	noun	ita
japonés	noun	spa	giapponese	noun	ita
japonés	noun	spa	giapponese	noun	ita
jardinero	noun	spa	giardiniere	noun	ita
jardinería	noun	spa	giardinaggio	noun	ita
jardín	noun	spa	giardino	noun	ita
jarrón	noun	spa	vaso	noun	ita
jaula	noun	spa	gabbia	noun	ita
jaula	noun	spa	gabbia	noun	ita
jazmín	noun	spa	gelsomino	noun	ita
jazz	noun	spa	jazz	noun	ita
jean	noun	spa	jeans	noun	ita
jean	noun	spa	jeans	noun	ita
jean	noun	spa	jeans	noun	ita
jeep	noun	spa	jeep	noun	ita
jeep	noun	spa	jeep	noun	ita
jeep	noun	spa	jeep	noun	ita
jefe	noun	spa	capo	noun	ita
jefe	noun	spa	capo	noun	ita
jefe	noun	spa	capo	noun	ita
jefe de redacción	noun	spa	caporedattore	noun	ita
jerarquía	noun	spa	gerarchia	noun	ita
jerga	noun	spa	gergo	noun	ita
jerga	noun	spa	gergo	noun	ita
jeringa	noun	spa	siringa	noun	ita
jeringuilla	noun	spa	siringa	noun	ita
jersey	noun	spa	maglione	noun	ita
jet	noun	spa	jet	noun	ita
jet	noun	spa	jet	noun	ita
jet	noun	spa	jet	noun	ita
jornada	noun	spa	giornata	noun	ita
joven	noun	spa	giovane	noun	ita
jovial	noun	spa	gioviale	noun	ita
joya	noun	spa	gioiello	noun	ita
joyería	noun	spa	gioielleria	noun	ita
jubilación	noun	spa	pensione	noun	ita
judío	noun	spa	ebreo	noun	ita
juego	noun	spa	gioco	noun	ita
jueves	noun	spa	giovedì	noun	ita
juez	noun	spa	giudice	noun	ita
juez	noun	spa	giudice	noun	ita
juez	noun	spa	giudice	noun	ita
jugador	noun	spa	giocatore	noun	ita
jugo	noun	spa	succo	noun	ita
juguete	noun	spa	giocattolo	noun	ita
juicio	noun	spa	giudizio	noun	ita
julio	noun	spa	luglio	noun	ita
julio	noun	spa	luglio	noun	ita
jungla	noun	spa	giungla	noun	ita
junio	noun	spa	giugno	noun	ita
junta	noun	spa	consiglio	noun	ita
jurado	noun	spa	giuria	noun	ita
juramento	noun	spa	giuramento	noun	ita
jurisconsulto	noun	spa	giurista	noun	ita
jurisdicción	noun	spa	giurisdizione	noun	ita
jurisprudencia	noun	spa	giurisprudenza	noun	ita
justicia	noun	spa	giustizia	noun	ita
justificación	noun	spa	giustificazione	noun	ita
juventud	noun	spa	giovinezza	noun	ita
juventud	noun	spa	gioventù	noun	ita
juventud	noun	spa	gioventù	noun	ita
juventud	noun	spa	gioventù	noun	ita
juzgado	noun	spa	tribunale	noun	ita
karate	noun	spa	karate	noun	ita
karateka	noun	spa	karateka	noun	ita
karateka	noun	spa	karateka	noun	ita
karateka	noun	spa	karateka	noun	ita
kebab	noun	spa	kebab	noun	ita
kebab	noun	spa	kebab	noun	ita
kebab	noun	spa	kebab	noun	ita
kg	noun	spa	kg	noun	ita
kilo	noun	spa	chilo	noun	ita
kilocaloría	noun	spa	chilocaloria	noun	ita
kilogramo	noun	spa	chilogrammo	noun	ita
kilometraje	noun	spa	percorrenza	noun	ita
kilovatio	noun	spa	kilowatt	noun	ita
kilovatio	noun	spa	kilowatt	noun	ita
kilovatio	noun	spa	kilowatt	noun	ita
kilovoltio	noun	spa	kilovolt	noun	ita
kilovoltio	noun	spa	kilovolt	noun	ita
kilovoltio	noun	spa	kilovolt	noun	ita
kilómetro	noun	spa	chilometro	noun	ita
kimono	noun	spa	kimono	noun	ita
kit	noun	spa	kit	noun	ita
kit	noun	spa	kit	noun	ita
kit	noun	spa	kit	noun	ita
km	noun	spa	km	noun	ita
kurdo	noun	spa	curdo	noun	ita
kWh	noun	spa	kilowattora	noun	ita
kWh	noun	spa	kilowattora	noun	ita
kWh	noun	spa	kilowattora	noun	ita
puesta del sol	noun	spa	tramonto	noun	ita
laberinto	noun	spa	labirinto	noun	ita
labio	noun	spa	labbro	noun	ita
labio	noun	spa	labbro	noun	ita
labio	noun	spa	labbro	noun	ita
labio	noun	spa	labbro	noun	ita
labor	noun	spa	lavoro	noun	ita
laboratorio	noun	spa	laboratorio	noun	ita
labrador	noun	spa	labrador	noun	ita
labrador	noun	spa	labrador	noun	ita
labrador	noun	spa	labrador	noun	ita
labrador	noun	spa	labrador	noun	ita
labrador	noun	spa	labrador	noun	ita
lactosa	noun	spa	lattosio	noun	ita
lado	noun	spa	lato	noun	ita
ladrillo	noun	spa	mattone	noun	ita
ladrillo	noun	spa	mattone	noun	ita
ladrón	noun	spa	ladro	noun	ita
lagartija	noun	spa	lucertola	noun	ita
lago	noun	spa	lago	noun	ita
laguna	noun	spa	laguna	noun	ita
laicismo	noun	spa	laicità	noun	ita
laicismo	noun	spa	laicità	noun	ita
laicismo	noun	spa	laicità	noun	ita
laicización	noun	spa	laicizzazione	noun	ita
lana	noun	spa	lana	noun	ita
lanzador	noun	spa	lanciatore	noun	ita
lanzamiento	noun	spa	lancio	noun	ita
lapso	noun	spa	periodo	noun	ita
lapsus	noun	spa	lapsus	noun	ita
laptop	noun	spa	computer portatile	noun	ita
largo plazo	noun	spa	lungo termine	noun	ita
largometraje	noun	spa	lungometraggio	noun	ita
larva	noun	spa	larva	noun	ita
lastre	noun	spa	zavorra	noun	ita
lata	noun	spa	latta	noun	ita
lata	noun	spa	lattina	noun	ita
latinización	noun	spa	latinizzazione	noun	ita
latino	noun	spa	latino	noun	ita
latitud	noun	spa	latitudine	noun	ita
latín	noun	spa	latino	noun	ita
laurel	noun	spa	alloro	noun	ita
lava	noun	spa	lava	noun	ita
lavabo	noun	spa	lavabo	noun	ita
lavadora	noun	spa	lavatrice	noun	ita
lavandería	noun	spa	lavanderia	noun	ita
lazo	noun	spa	collante	noun	ita
laúd	noun	spa	liuto	noun	ita
lealtad	noun	spa	fedeltà	noun	ita
lealtad	noun	spa	fedeltà	noun	ita
lealtad	noun	spa	fedeltà	noun	ita
lección	noun	spa	lezione	noun	ita
leche	noun	spa	latte	noun	ita
lecho	noun	spa	letto	noun	ita
lechuga	noun	spa	lattuga	noun	ita
lector	noun	spa	lettore	noun	ita
lector de códigos de barras	noun	spa	lettore di codice a barre	noun	ita
lectura	noun	spa	lettura	noun	ita
legado	noun	spa	retaggio	noun	ita
legalidad	noun	spa	legalità	noun	ita
legalidad	noun	spa	legalità	noun	ita
legalidad	noun	spa	legalità	noun	ita
legislación	noun	spa	legislazione	noun	ita
legislación	noun	spa	diritto	noun	ita
legislador	noun	spa	legislatore	noun	ita
legislatura	noun	spa	legislatura	noun	ita
legitimación	noun	spa	legittimazione	noun	ita
legitimidad	noun	spa	legittimità	noun	ita
legitimidad	noun	spa	legittimità	noun	ita
legitimidad	noun	spa	legittimità	noun	ita
legua	noun	spa	lega	noun	ita
lehendakari	noun	spa	lehendakari	noun	ita
lehendakari	noun	spa	lehendakari	noun	ita
lehendakari	noun	spa	lehendakari	noun	ita
leitmotiv	noun	spa	leitmotiv	noun	ita
leitmotiv	noun	spa	leitmotiv	noun	ita
leitmotiv	noun	spa	leitmotiv	noun	ita
lejanía	noun	spa	lontananza	noun	ita
lejía	noun	spa	candeggina	noun	ita
lema	noun	spa	lemma	noun	ita
lencería	noun	spa	lingerie	noun	ita
lencería	noun	spa	lingerie	noun	ita
lencería	noun	spa	lingerie	noun	ita
lengua	noun	spa	lingua	noun	ita
lenguaje	noun	spa	linguaggio	noun	ita
lengüeta	noun	spa	ancia	noun	ita
lengüeta	noun	spa	linguetta	noun	ita
leninismo	noun	spa	leninismo	noun	ita
leninista	noun	spa	leninista	noun	ita
leninista	noun	spa	leninista	noun	ita
leninista	noun	spa	leninista	noun	ita
lente	noun	spa	lente	noun	ita
lenteja	noun	spa	lenticchia	noun	ita
leopardo	noun	spa	leopardo	noun	ita
leopardo	noun	spa	leopardo	noun	ita
lesbiana	noun	spa	lesbica	noun	ita
lesbianismo	noun	spa	lesbismo	noun	ita
lesión	noun	spa	lesione	noun	ita
letargia	noun	spa	letargo	noun	ita
letargo	noun	spa	letargo	noun	ita
letra	noun	spa	lettera	noun	ita
letrero	noun	spa	cartello	noun	ita
leucemia	noun	spa	leucemia	noun	ita
levadura	noun	spa	lievito	noun	ita
levantamiento	noun	spa	sollevazione	noun	ita
levante	noun	spa	levante	noun	ita
levita	noun	spa	levita	noun	ita
ley	noun	spa	legge	noun	ita
leyenda	noun	spa	leggenda	noun	ita
leña	noun	spa	legna	noun	ita
león	noun	spa	leone	noun	ita
liberación	noun	spa	liberazione	noun	ita
liberalismo	noun	spa	liberalismo	noun	ita
liberalización	noun	spa	liberalizzazione	noun	ita
libertad	noun	spa	libertà	noun	ita
libertad	noun	spa	libertà	noun	ita
libertad	noun	spa	libertà	noun	ita
libertinaje	noun	spa	libertinaggio	noun	ita
libra	noun	spa	libbra	noun	ita
libra	noun	spa	sterlina	noun	ita
librería	noun	spa	libreria	noun	ita
libro	noun	spa	libro	noun	ita
libélula	noun	spa	libellula	noun	ita
licencia	noun	spa	licenza	noun	ita
licencia	noun	spa	patente	noun	ita
licenciado	noun	spa	laureato	noun	ita
licenciatura	noun	spa	laurea	noun	ita
licor	noun	spa	liquore	noun	ita
licuación	noun	spa	liquefazione	noun	ita
liderazgo	noun	spa	leadership	noun	ita
liderazgo	noun	spa	leadership	noun	ita
liderazgo	noun	spa	leadership	noun	ita
liebre	noun	spa	lepre	noun	ita
lienzo	noun	spa	tela	noun	ita
liga	noun	spa	lega	noun	ita
ligadura	noun	spa	legaccio	noun	ita
ligamento	noun	spa	legamento	noun	ita
lima	noun	spa	lima	noun	ita
limitación	noun	spa	limitazione	noun	ita
limosna	noun	spa	elemosina	noun	ita
limpieza	noun	spa	pulizia	noun	ita
limón	noun	spa	limone	noun	ita
linaje	noun	spa	lignaggio	noun	ita
lince	noun	spa	lince	noun	ita
linfa	noun	spa	linfa	noun	ita
lingüística	noun	spa	linguistica	noun	ita
lino	noun	spa	lino	noun	ita
linterna	noun	spa	lanterna	noun	ita
linterna	noun	spa	torcia	noun	ita
liquidación	noun	spa	liquidazione	noun	ita
liquidez	noun	spa	liquidità	noun	ita
liquidez	noun	spa	liquidità	noun	ita
liquidez	noun	spa	liquidità	noun	ita
lista	noun	spa	lista	noun	ita
lista	noun	spa	elenco	noun	ita
litera	noun	spa	branda	noun	ita
literatura	noun	spa	letteratura	noun	ita
litio	noun	spa	litio	noun	ita
litoral	noun	spa	litorale	noun	ita
litro	noun	spa	litro	noun	ita
lituano	noun	spa	lituano	noun	ita
liturgia	noun	spa	liturgia	noun	ita
llama	noun	spa	fiamma	noun	ita
llamado	noun	spa	richiamo	noun	ita
llanta	noun	spa	pneumatico	noun	ita
llanto	noun	spa	pianto	noun	ita
llanura	noun	spa	pianura	noun	ita
llave	noun	spa	chiave	noun	ita
llegada	noun	spa	arrivo	noun	ita
llenado	noun	spa	riempito	noun	ita
lloriqueo	noun	spa	piagnisteo	noun	ita
llovizna	noun	spa	pioviggine	noun	ita
lluvia	noun	spa	pioggia	noun	ita
lobo	noun	spa	lupo	noun	ita
local	noun	spa	locale	noun	ita
localidad	noun	spa	località	noun	ita
localidad	noun	spa	località	noun	ita
localidad	noun	spa	località	noun	ita
localización	noun	spa	localizzazione	noun	ita
locomoción	noun	spa	locomozione	noun	ita
locomotora	noun	spa	locomotiva	noun	ita
locución	noun	spa	locuzione	noun	ita
locura	noun	spa	follia	noun	ita
locura	noun	spa	pazzia	noun	ita
lodo	noun	spa	fango	noun	ita
logo	noun	spa	logo	noun	ita
logotipo	noun	spa	logo	noun	ita
logro	noun	spa	conseguimento	noun	ita
logro	noun	spa	traguardo	noun	ita
logística	noun	spa	logistica	noun	ita
lombriz	noun	spa	lombrico	noun	ita
loncha	noun	spa	fetta	noun	ita
longevidad	noun	spa	longevità	noun	ita
longevidad	noun	spa	longevità	noun	ita
longevidad	noun	spa	longevità	noun	ita
longitud	noun	spa	longitudine	noun	ita
longitud	noun	spa	lunghezza	noun	ita
loro	noun	spa	pappagallo	noun	ita
lotería	noun	spa	lotteria	noun	ita
lucha	noun	spa	lotta	noun	ita
lucidez	noun	spa	lucidità	noun	ita
lucidez	noun	spa	lucidità	noun	ita
lucidez	noun	spa	lucidità	noun	ita
lucio	noun	spa	luccio	noun	ita
luciérnaga	noun	spa	lucciola	noun	ita
lucro	noun	spa	profitto	noun	ita
lugar	noun	spa	luogo	noun	ita
lujo	noun	spa	lusso	noun	ita
lujuria	noun	spa	lussuria	noun	ita
luminosidad	noun	spa	luminosità	noun	ita
luminosidad	noun	spa	luminosità	noun	ita
luminosidad	noun	spa	luminosità	noun	ita
luna	noun	spa	luna	noun	ita
lunar	noun	spa	neo	noun	ita
lunes	noun	spa	lunedì	noun	ita
lustre	noun	spa	lucentezza	noun	ita
lustro	noun	spa	lustro	noun	ita
luz	noun	spa	luce	noun	ita
lágrima	noun	spa	lacrima	noun	ita
lámpara	noun	spa	lampada	noun	ita
lápida	noun	spa	lapide	noun	ita
lápiz	noun	spa	matita	noun	ita
láser	noun	spa	laser	noun	ita
láser	noun	spa	laser	noun	ita
láser	noun	spa	laser	noun	ita
lástima	noun	spa	pena	noun	ita
léxico	noun	spa	lessico	noun	ita
líder	noun	spa	leader	noun	ita
líder	noun	spa	leader	noun	ita
líder	noun	spa	leader	noun	ita
límite	noun	spa	limite	noun	ita
línea	noun	spa	linea	noun	ita
línea	noun	spa	riga	noun	ita
lío	noun	spa	imbroglio	noun	ita
líquido	noun	spa	liquido	noun	ita
lóbulo	noun	spa	lobo	noun	ita
lógica	noun	spa	logica	noun	ita
macarrón	noun	spa	maccherone	noun	ita
machacamiento	noun	spa	frantumazione	noun	ita
macho	noun	spa	maschio	noun	ita
macrobiótica	noun	spa	macrobiotica	noun	ita
macroeconomía	noun	spa	macroeconomia	noun	ita
madera	noun	spa	legno	noun	ita
madera	noun	spa	legname	noun	ita
madre	noun	spa	madre	noun	ita
madrileño	noun	spa	madrileno	noun	ita
madrina	noun	spa	madrina	noun	ita
madrugada	noun	spa	alba	noun	ita
maduración	noun	spa	maturazione	noun	ita
madurez	noun	spa	maturità	noun	ita
madurez	noun	spa	maturità	noun	ita
madurez	noun	spa	maturità	noun	ita
maestro	noun	spa	insegnante	noun	ita
maestro	noun	spa	insegnante	noun	ita
maestro	noun	spa	insegnante	noun	ita
maestro	noun	spa	maestro	noun	ita
maestría	noun	spa	maestria	noun	ita
maestría	noun	spa	padronanza	noun	ita
mafia	noun	spa	mafia	noun	ita
magia	noun	spa	magia	noun	ita
magistrado	noun	spa	magistrato	noun	ita
magistrado	noun	spa	magistrato	noun	ita
magistrado	noun	spa	magistrato	noun	ita
magnetismo	noun	spa	magnetismo	noun	ita
magnetización	noun	spa	magnetizzazione	noun	ita
magnificación	noun	spa	ingrandimento	noun	ita
magnitud	noun	spa	magnitudine	noun	ita
magnolia	noun	spa	magnolia	noun	ita
mago	noun	spa	mago	noun	ita
magrebí	noun	spa	magrebino	noun	ita
magrebí	noun	spa	magrebino	noun	ita
magrebí	noun	spa	magrebino	noun	ita
mail	noun	spa	mail	noun	ita
mail	noun	spa	mail	noun	ita
mail	noun	spa	mail	noun	ita
mal	noun	spa	male	noun	ita
malagueño	noun	spa	malagueño	noun	ita
malaria	noun	spa	malaria	noun	ita
maldad	noun	spa	cattiveria	noun	ita
maldad	noun	spa	malignità	noun	ita
maldición	noun	spa	maledizione	noun	ita
malestar	noun	spa	malessere	noun	ita
malestar	noun	spa	fastidio	noun	ita
maleta	noun	spa	valigia	noun	ita
maletero	noun	spa	bagagliaio	noun	ita
malformación	noun	spa	malformazione	noun	ita
malicia	noun	spa	malizia	noun	ita
malla	noun	spa	maglia	noun	ita
malva	noun	spa	malva	noun	ita
malvavisco	noun	spa	marshmallow	noun	ita
malvavisco	noun	spa	marshmallow	noun	ita
malvavisco	noun	spa	marshmallow	noun	ita
mama	noun	spa	mammella	noun	ita
mamografía	noun	spa	mammografia	noun	ita
mamut	noun	spa	mammut	noun	ita
mamut	noun	spa	mammut	noun	ita
mamut	noun	spa	mammut	noun	ita
mamá	noun	spa	mamma	noun	ita
mamífero	noun	spa	mammifero	noun	ita
manada	noun	spa	mandria	noun	ita
manada	noun	spa	branco	noun	ita
manager	noun	spa	manager	noun	ita
manager	noun	spa	manager	noun	ita
manager	noun	spa	manager	noun	ita
mancha	noun	spa	macchia	noun	ita
mandarina	noun	spa	mandarino	noun	ita
mandato	noun	spa	mandato	noun	ita
mando a distancia	noun	spa	telecomando	noun	ita
mandíbula	noun	spa	mandibola	noun	ita
manera	noun	spa	maniera	noun	ita
manga	noun	spa	manica	noun	ita
manierismo	noun	spa	manierismo	noun	ita
manifestación	noun	spa	manifestazione	noun	ita
manifestante	noun	spa	manifestante	noun	ita
manifestante	adjective	spa	manifestante	adjective	ita
manillar	noun	spa	manubrio	noun	ita
maniobra	noun	spa	manovra	noun	ita
manipulación	noun	spa	manipolazione	noun	ita
mano	noun	spa	mano	noun	ita
mano de obra	noun	spa	manodopera	noun	ita
manta	noun	spa	coperta	noun	ita
mantenimiento	noun	spa	mantenimento	noun	ita
mantenimiento	noun	spa	manutenzione	noun	ita
mantequilla	noun	spa	burro	noun	ita
mantis	noun	spa	mantide	noun	ita
mantis	noun	spa	mantide	noun	ita
mantis	noun	spa	mantide	noun	ita
mantra	noun	spa	mantra	noun	ita
mantra	noun	spa	mantra	noun	ita
mantra	noun	spa	mantra	noun	ita
manual	noun	spa	manuale	noun	ita
manufactura	noun	spa	fabbricazione	noun	ita
manufacturero	noun	spa	fabbricatore	noun	ita
manuscrito	noun	spa	manoscritto	noun	ita
manzana	noun	spa	mela	noun	ita
manzanilla	noun	spa	camomilla	noun	ita
mapa	noun	spa	cartina	noun	ita
mapa	noun	spa	mappa	noun	ita
mapeo	noun	spa	mappatura	noun	ita
maqueta	noun	spa	modello	noun	ita
maquillaje	noun	spa	trucco	noun	ita
maquinaria	noun	spa	macchinario	noun	ita
mar	noun	spa	mare	noun	ita
mar	noun	spa	mare	noun	ita
maratón	noun	spa	maratona	noun	ita
maravilla	noun	spa	meraviglia	noun	ita
marca	noun	spa	marca	noun	ita
marca	noun	spa	marchio	noun	ita
marcador	noun	spa	marcatore	noun	ita
marcador	noun	spa	pennarello	noun	ita
marcha	noun	spa	marcia	noun	ita
marciano	noun	spa	marziano	noun	ita
marco	noun	spa	marco	noun	ita
marea	noun	spa	marea	noun	ita
marfil	noun	spa	avorio	noun	ita
margarina	noun	spa	margarina	noun	ita
margarita	noun	spa	margherita	noun	ita
margen	noun	spa	margine	noun	ita
margen de descuento	noun	spa	discount margin	noun	ita
marginación	noun	spa	emarginazione	noun	ita
marido	noun	spa	marito	noun	ita
marihuana	noun	spa	marijuana	noun	ita
marina	noun	spa	marina	noun	ita
marinero	noun	spa	marinaio	noun	ita
marinero	noun	spa	marinaio	noun	ita
marinero	noun	spa	marinaio	noun	ita
marino	noun	spa	marino	noun	ita
marioneta	noun	spa	marionetta	noun	ita
mariposa	noun	spa	farfalla	noun	ita
mariquita	noun	spa	coccinella	noun	ita
marisco	noun	spa	frutto di mare	noun	ita
marketing	noun	spa	marketing	noun	ita
marketing	noun	spa	marketing	noun	ita
marketing	noun	spa	marketing	noun	ita
marqués	noun	spa	marchese	noun	ita
marroquí	noun	spa	marocchino	noun	ita
marroquí	noun	spa	marocchino	noun	ita
marroquí	noun	spa	marocchino	noun	ita
martes	noun	spa	martedì	noun	ita
martillo	noun	spa	martello	noun	ita
marxismo	noun	spa	marxismo	noun	ita
marzo	noun	spa	marzo	noun	ita
marzo	noun	spa	marzo	noun	ita
masa	noun	spa	massa	noun	ita
masa	noun	spa	corpo	noun	ita
masa	noun	spa	impasto	noun	ita
masacre	noun	spa	massacro	noun	ita
mascota	noun	spa	animale da compagnia	noun	ita
mastodonte	noun	spa	mastodonte	noun	ita
masturbación	noun	spa	masturbazione	noun	ita
matadero	noun	spa	mattatoio	noun	ita
matanza	noun	spa	macellazione	noun	ita
matemática	noun	spa	matematica	noun	ita
materia	noun	spa	materia	noun	ita
material	noun	spa	materiale	noun	ita
material	noun	spa	materia	noun	ita
materialismo	noun	spa	materialismo	noun	ita
materialización	noun	spa	materializzazione	noun	ita
maternidad	noun	spa	maternità	noun	ita
maternidad	noun	spa	maternità	noun	ita
maternidad	noun	spa	maternità	noun	ita
matiz	noun	spa	sfumatura	noun	ita
matrimonio	noun	spa	matrimonio	noun	ita
matriz	noun	spa	matrice	noun	ita
matrículación	noun	spa	immatricolazione	noun	ita
mausoleo	noun	spa	mausoleo	noun	ita
maximización	noun	spa	massimizzazione	noun	ita
mayo	noun	spa	maggio	noun	ita
mayo	noun	spa	maggio	noun	ita
mayordomo	noun	spa	maggiordomo	noun	ita
mayordomo	noun	spa	maggiordomo	noun	ita
mayordomo	noun	spa	maggiordomo	noun	ita
mayorista	noun	spa	grossista	noun	ita
mayoría	noun	spa	maggioranza	noun	ita
mayúscula	noun	spa	maiuscola	noun	ita
maíz	noun	spa	mais	noun	ita
maíz	noun	spa	mais	noun	ita
maíz	noun	spa	mais	noun	ita
mañana	noun	spa	mattina	noun	ita
mañana	noun	spa	domani	noun	ita
mañana	noun	spa	domani	noun	ita
mañana	noun	spa	domani	noun	ita
mb	noun	spa	mb	noun	ita
mecanismo	noun	spa	meccanismo	noun	ita
mecanización	noun	spa	meccanizzazione	noun	ita
mecha	noun	spa	stoppino	noun	ita
mechero	noun	spa	accendino	noun	ita
mecánica	noun	spa	meccanica	noun	ita
mecánico	noun	spa	meccanico	noun	ita
medalla	noun	spa	medaglia	noun	ita
media	noun	spa	calza	noun	ita
mediación	noun	spa	mediazione	noun	ita
medianoche	noun	spa	mezzanotte	noun	ita
medicación	noun	spa	medicine	noun	ita
medicación	noun	spa	medicine	noun	ita
medicación	noun	spa	medicine	noun	ita
medicamento	noun	spa	farmaco	noun	ita
medicina	noun	spa	medicina	noun	ita
medición	noun	spa	misurazione	noun	ita
medida	noun	spa	misura	noun	ita
medio	noun	spa	mezzo	noun	ita
medio de comunicación	noun	spa	media	noun	ita
medio plazo	noun	spa	medio termine	noun	ita
medioambiente	noun	spa	ambiente	noun	ita
mediodía	noun	spa	mezzogiorno	noun	ita
meditación	noun	spa	meditazione	noun	ita
medusa	noun	spa	medusa	noun	ita
mega	noun	spa	mega	noun	ita
mega	noun	spa	mega	noun	ita
mega	noun	spa	mega	noun	ita
megabanco	noun	spa	megabanca	noun	ita
megavatio	noun	spa	megawatt	noun	ita
megavatio	noun	spa	megawatt	noun	ita
megavatio	noun	spa	megawatt	noun	ita
megáfono	noun	spa	megafono	noun	ita
mejora	noun	spa	miglioramento	noun	ita
melaza	noun	spa	melassa	noun	ita
melena	noun	spa	capigliatura	noun	ita
melocotón	noun	spa	pesca	noun	ita
melodrama	noun	spa	melodramma	noun	ita
melodía	noun	spa	melodia	noun	ita
melodía	noun	spa	sintonia	noun	ita
membrana	noun	spa	membrana	noun	ita
membrete	noun	spa	carta intestata	noun	ita
meme	noun	spa	meme	noun	ita
meme	noun	spa	meme	noun	ita
meme	noun	spa	meme	noun	ita
memoria	noun	spa	memoria	noun	ita
memorización	noun	spa	memorizzazione	noun	ita
mención	noun	spa	menzione	noun	ita
menor	noun	spa	minore	noun	ita
mensaje	noun	spa	messaggio	noun	ita
mensajero	noun	spa	messaggero	noun	ita
mensajería	noun	spa	messaggeria	noun	ita
menstruación	noun	spa	mestruazione	noun	ita
menta	noun	spa	menta	noun	ita
mentalidad	noun	spa	mentalità	noun	ita
mentalidad	noun	spa	mentalità	noun	ita
mentalidad	noun	spa	mentalità	noun	ita
mente	noun	spa	mente	noun	ita
mentira	noun	spa	bugia	noun	ita
mentiroso	noun	spa	bugiardo	noun	ita
mentor	noun	spa	mentore	noun	ita
mentón	noun	spa	mento	noun	ita
menú	noun	spa	menu	noun	ita
menú	noun	spa	menu	noun	ita
menú	noun	spa	menu	noun	ita
menú	noun	spa	menù	noun	ita
menú	noun	spa	menù	noun	ita
menú	noun	spa	menù	noun	ita
meollo	noun	spa	centro	noun	ita
mercadillo	noun	spa	mercatino	noun	ita
mercado	noun	spa	mercato	noun	ita
mercadotecnia	noun	spa	marketing	noun	ita
mercadotecnia	noun	spa	marketing	noun	ita
mercancía	noun	spa	merce	noun	ita
mercancía	noun	spa	mercanzia	noun	ita
mercenario	noun	spa	mercenario	noun	ita
mercurio	noun	spa	mercurio	noun	ita
meridiano	noun	spa	meridiano	noun	ita
mermelada	noun	spa	marmellata	noun	ita
mes	noun	spa	mese	noun	ita
mesa	noun	spa	tavolo	noun	ita
mesa	noun	spa	tavolo	noun	ita
mesa	noun	spa	tavolo	noun	ita
meseta	noun	spa	altopiano	noun	ita
mesoterapia	noun	spa	mesoterapia	noun	ita
mesón	noun	spa	mesone	noun	ita
meta	noun	spa	meta	noun	ita
metabolismo	noun	spa	metabolismo	noun	ita
metal	noun	spa	metallo	noun	ita
metalurgia	noun	spa	metallurgia	noun	ita
metamorfosis	noun	spa	metamorfosi	noun	ita
metano	noun	spa	metano	noun	ita
metano	noun	spa	metano	noun	ita
meteorito	noun	spa	meteorite	noun	ita
meteorología	noun	spa	meteorologia	noun	ita
metodología	noun	spa	metodologia	noun	ita
metro	noun	spa	metro	noun	ita
metropolitano	noun	spa	metropolitano	noun	ita
metrópoli	noun	spa	metropoli	noun	ita
metrópoli	noun	spa	metropoli	noun	ita
metrópoli	noun	spa	metropoli	noun	ita
metáfora	noun	spa	metafora	noun	ita
metástasis	noun	spa	metastasi	noun	ita
mezcla	noun	spa	miscuglio	noun	ita
mezcla	noun	spa	miscela	noun	ita
mezcla	noun	spa	mescola	noun	ita
mezquita	noun	spa	moschea	noun	ita
micelio	noun	spa	micelio	noun	ita
micro	noun	spa	micro	noun	ita
micro	noun	spa	micro	noun	ita
micro	noun	spa	micro	noun	ita
microbio	noun	spa	microrganismo	noun	ita
microbio	noun	spa	microbio	noun	ita
microonda	noun	spa	microonde	noun	ita
microonda	noun	spa	microonde	noun	ita
microonda	noun	spa	microonde	noun	ita
microscopio	noun	spa	microscopio	noun	ita
micrófono	noun	spa	microfono	noun	ita
miedo	noun	spa	paura	noun	ita
miel	noun	spa	miele	noun	ita
miembro	noun	spa	membro	noun	ita
mierda	noun	spa	merda	noun	ita
migración	noun	spa	migrazione	noun	ita
migrante	noun	spa	migrante	noun	ita
migraña	noun	spa	emicrania	noun	ita
milagro	noun	spa	miracolo	noun	ita
milenio	noun	spa	millennio	noun	ita
milisegundo	noun	spa	millisecondo	noun	ita
militar	noun	spa	militare	noun	ita
militarismo	noun	spa	militarismo	noun	ita
militarización	noun	spa	militarizzazione	noun	ita
milla	noun	spa	miglio	noun	ita
millar	noun	spa	migliaio	noun	ita
millar	noun	spa	migliaio	noun	ita
millar	noun	spa	migliaio	noun	ita
millardo	noun	spa	miliardo	noun	ita
millón	noun	spa	mln	noun	ita
millón	noun	spa	milione	noun	ita
milímetro	noun	spa	millimetro	noun	ita
min.	noun	spa	min.	noun	ita
mina	noun	spa	mina	noun	ita
mina	noun	spa	miniera	noun	ita
minería	noun	spa	industria mineraria	noun	ita
mini	noun	spa	mini	noun	ita
mini	noun	spa	mini	noun	ita
mini	noun	spa	mini	noun	ita
miniatura	noun	spa	miniatura	noun	ita
ministerio	noun	spa	ministero	noun	ita
ministro	noun	spa	ministro	noun	ita
ministro	noun	spa	ministro	noun	ita
ministro	noun	spa	ministro	noun	ita
minoría	noun	spa	minoranza	noun	ita
minuta	noun	spa	verbale	noun	ita
minutero	noun	spa	minuto	noun	ita
minuto	noun	spa	minuto	noun	ita
minué	noun	spa	minuetto	noun	ita
miope	noun	spa	miope	noun	ita
miopía	noun	spa	miopia	noun	ita
mira	noun	spa	mira	noun	ita
mirada	noun	spa	sguardo	noun	ita
mirto	noun	spa	mirto	noun	ita
mirón	noun	spa	guardone	noun	ita
misa	noun	spa	messa	noun	ita
misantropía	noun	spa	misantropia	noun	ita
miseria	noun	spa	miseria	noun	ita
misil	noun	spa	missile	noun	ita
misionero	noun	spa	missionario	noun	ita
misión	noun	spa	missione	noun	ita
misterio	noun	spa	indovinello	noun	ita
misterio	noun	spa	mistero	noun	ita
misántropo	noun	spa	misantropo	noun	ita
mitad	noun	spa	metà	noun	ita
mitad	noun	spa	metà	noun	ita
mitad	noun	spa	metà	noun	ita
mito	noun	spa	mito	noun	ita
mitología	noun	spa	mitologia	noun	ita
miércoles	noun	spa	mercoledì	noun	ita
mm	noun	spa	mm	properNoun	ita
mobiliario	noun	spa	arredo	noun	ita
mochila	noun	spa	zaino	noun	ita
moción	noun	spa	mozione	noun	ita
moco	noun	spa	muco	noun	ita
moda	noun	spa	moda	noun	ita
modalidad	noun	spa	modalità	noun	ita
modalidad	noun	spa	modalità	noun	ita
modalidad	noun	spa	modalità	noun	ita
modelado	noun	spa	modellazione	noun	ita
modelo	noun	spa	modello	noun	ita
modelo	noun	spa	modello	noun	ita
modelo	noun	spa	modello	noun	ita
modernidad	noun	spa	modernità	noun	ita
modernidad	noun	spa	modernità	noun	ita
modernidad	noun	spa	modernità	noun	ita
modernización	noun	spa	modernizzazione	noun	ita
modernización	noun	spa	ammodernamento	noun	ita
modestia	noun	spa	modestia	noun	ita
modificación	noun	spa	modifica	noun	ita
modificación	noun	spa	modificazione	noun	ita
modo	noun	spa	modo	noun	ita
modulación	noun	spa	modulazione	noun	ita
moho	noun	spa	muffa	noun	ita
moldavo	noun	spa	moldavo	noun	ita
molde	noun	spa	stampo	noun	ita
molestia	noun	spa	disturbo	noun	ita
molinero	noun	spa	mugnaio	noun	ita
molinillo	noun	spa	mulinello	noun	ita
molino	noun	spa	mulino	noun	ita
molécula	noun	spa	molecola	noun	ita
momento	noun	spa	momento	noun	ita
momento	noun	spa	attimo	noun	ita
momia	noun	spa	mummia	noun	ita
momificación	noun	spa	mummificazione	noun	ita
monarca	noun	spa	monarca	noun	ita
monarquía	noun	spa	monarchia	noun	ita
monasterio	noun	spa	monastero	noun	ita
moneda	noun	spa	moneta	noun	ita
moneda de curso legal	noun	spa	moneta a corso legale	noun	ita
monetación	noun	spa	monetazione	noun	ita
pantalla	noun	spa	schermo	noun	ita
monje	noun	spa	monaco	noun	ita
mono	noun	spa	scimmia	noun	ita
monopolio	noun	spa	monopolio	noun	ita
monstruo	noun	spa	mostro	noun	ita
montaje	noun	spa	montaggio	noun	ita
montante	noun	spa	ammontare	noun	ita
montante	noun	spa	valore	noun	ita
montaña	noun	spa	montagna	noun	ita
montón	noun	spa	mucchio	noun	ita
monumento	noun	spa	monumento	noun	ita
monzón	noun	spa	monsone	noun	ita
monólogo	noun	spa	monologo	noun	ita
moqueta	noun	spa	moquette	noun	ita
moqueta	noun	spa	moquette	noun	ita
moqueta	noun	spa	moquette	noun	ita
moral	noun	spa	morale	noun	ita
moral	noun	spa	morale	noun	ita
moralidad	noun	spa	moralità	noun	ita
moralidad	noun	spa	moralità	noun	ita
moralidad	noun	spa	moralità	noun	ita
mordedura	noun	spa	morsicatura	noun	ita
moro	noun	spa	moro	noun	ita
mortal	noun	spa	mortale	noun	ita
mortalidad	noun	spa	mortalità	noun	ita
mortalidad	noun	spa	mortalità	noun	ita
mortalidad	noun	spa	mortalità	noun	ita
mosaico	noun	spa	mosaico	noun	ita
mosca	noun	spa	mosca	noun	ita
mosquitera	noun	spa	zanzariera	noun	ita
mosquitero	noun	spa	zanzariera	noun	ita
mosquito	noun	spa	zanzara	noun	ita
mosquito	noun	spa	moscerino	noun	ita
mostaza	noun	spa	senape	noun	ita
mosto	noun	spa	mosto	noun	ita
mostaza	noun	spa	senape	noun	ita
mote	noun	spa	motto	noun	ita
motel	noun	spa	motel	noun	ita
motel	noun	spa	motel	noun	ita
motel	noun	spa	motel	noun	ita
motivación	noun	spa	motivazione	noun	ita
motivo	noun	spa	motivo	noun	ita
moto	noun	spa	motocicletta	noun	ita
moto	noun	spa	moto	noun	ita
motocicleta	noun	spa	motocicletta	noun	ita
motociclismo	noun	spa	motociclismo	noun	ita
motor	noun	spa	motore	noun	ita
motor	noun	spa	motore	noun	ita
motín	noun	spa	ammutinamento	noun	ita
movilidad	noun	spa	mobilità	noun	ita
movilidad	noun	spa	mobilità	noun	ita
movilidad	noun	spa	mobilità	noun	ita
movilización	noun	spa	mobilitazione	noun	ita
movimentación	noun	spa	movimentazione	noun	ita
movimiento	noun	spa	movimento	noun	ita
muchacho	noun	spa	ragazzo	noun	ita
mucosa	noun	spa	mucosa	noun	ita
mudo	noun	spa	muto	noun	ita
mueble	noun	spa	mobile	noun	ita
muelle	noun	spa	molla	noun	ita
muerte	noun	spa	morte	noun	ita
muerto	noun	spa	morto	noun	ita
muestra	noun	spa	prelievo	noun	ita
muestra	noun	spa	dimostrazione	noun	ita
muestra	noun	spa	mostra	noun	ita
muestreo	noun	spa	campionamento	noun	ita
mugido	noun	spa	muggito	noun	ita
mujer	noun	spa	donna	noun	ita
mulato	noun	spa	mulatto	noun	ita
multa	noun	spa	multa	noun	ita
multi	noun	spa	multi	noun	ita
multimillonario	adjective	spa	miliardario	adjective	ita
multinacional	noun	spa	multinazionale	noun	ita
multiplicación	noun	spa	moltiplicazione	noun	ita
multiplicador	noun	spa	moltiplicatore	noun	ita
multiplicidad	noun	spa	molteplicità	noun	ita
multiplicidad	noun	spa	molteplicità	noun	ita
multiplicidad	noun	spa	molteplicità	noun	ita
multitud	noun	spa	moltitudine	noun	ita
multitud	noun	spa	folla	noun	ita
multiverso	noun	spa	multiverso	noun	ita
mundanidad	noun	spa	mondanità	noun	ita
mundanidad	noun	spa	mondanità	noun	ita
mundanidad	noun	spa	mondanità	noun	ita
mundialización	noun	spa	globalizzazione	noun	ita
mundo	noun	spa	mondo	noun	ita
municipalidad	noun	spa	municipalità	noun	ita
municipalidad	noun	spa	municipalità	noun	ita
municipalidad	noun	spa	municipalità	noun	ita
municipio	noun	spa	municipio	noun	ita
munición	noun	spa	munizione	noun	ita
mural	noun	spa	murale	noun	ita
murciélago	noun	spa	pipistrello	noun	ita
murciélago	noun	spa	pipistrello	noun	ita
murmullo	noun	spa	brusio	noun	ita
muro	noun	spa	muro	noun	ita
muro	noun	spa	muro	noun	ita
muro	noun	spa	muro	noun	ita
muro	noun	spa	muro	noun	ita
muro	noun	spa	muro	noun	ita
musa	noun	spa	musa	noun	ita
museo	noun	spa	museo	noun	ita
musical	noun	spa	musicale	noun	ita
musulmán	noun	spa	musulmano	noun	ita
mutación	noun	spa	mutazione	noun	ita
mutilación	noun	spa	mutilazione	noun	ita
mutualización	noun	spa	mutualizzazione	noun	ita
muy poco	noun	spa	pochissimo	noun	ita
muñeca	noun	spa	bambola	noun	ita
muñeca	noun	spa	polso	noun	ita
muñeco	noun	spa	pupazzo	noun	ita
muñón	noun	spa	moncone	noun	ita
muñón	noun	spa	moncherino	noun	ita
máquina	noun	spa	macchina	noun	ita
mármol	noun	spa	marmo	noun	ita
mártir	noun	spa	martire	noun	ita
máscara	noun	spa	maschera	noun	ita
médico	noun	spa	medico	noun	ita
médico	noun	spa	medico	noun	ita
médico	noun	spa	medico	noun	ita
médula	noun	spa	midollo	noun	ita
mérito	noun	spa	merito	noun	ita
método	noun	spa	metodo	noun	ita
métrica	noun	spa	metrica	noun	ita
mínimo	noun	spa	minimo	noun	ita
módem	noun	spa	modem	noun	ita
módem	noun	spa	modem	noun	ita
módem	noun	spa	modem	noun	ita
módulo	noun	spa	modulo	noun	ita
móvil	noun	spa	cellulare	noun	ita
músculo	noun	spa	muscolo	noun	ita
música	noun	spa	musica	noun	ita
músico	noun	spa	musicista	noun	ita
nacimiento	noun	spa	nascita	noun	ita
nacionalidad	noun	spa	nazionalità	noun	ita
nacionalidad	noun	spa	nazionalità	noun	ita
nacionalidad	noun	spa	nazionalità	noun	ita
nacionalidad	noun	spa	nazionalità	noun	ita
nacionalidad	noun	spa	nazionalità	noun	ita
nacionalidad	noun	spa	nazionalità	noun	ita
nacionalismo	noun	spa	nazionalismo	noun	ita
nacionalista	noun	spa	nazionalista	noun	ita
nacionalista	noun	spa	nazionalista	noun	ita
nacionalista	noun	spa	nazionalista	noun	ita
nacionalización	noun	spa	nazionalizzazione	noun	ita
nación	noun	spa	nazione	noun	ita
nalga	noun	spa	natica	noun	ita
nalga	noun	spa	chiappa	noun	ita
enano	noun	spa	nano	noun	ita
enano	noun	spa	nano	noun	ita
enano	noun	spa	nano	noun	ita
nanotecnología	noun	spa	nanotecnologia	noun	ita
nanómetro	noun	spa	nanometro	noun	ita
naranja	noun	spa	arancia	noun	ita
naranja	noun	spa	arancione	noun	ita
narciso	noun	spa	narciso	noun	ita
nariz	noun	spa	narice	noun	ita
nariz	noun	spa	naso	noun	ita
narración	noun	spa	narrazione	noun	ita
narrador	noun	spa	narratore	noun	ita
narrativa	noun	spa	narrazione	noun	ita
narrativa	noun	spa	narrativa	noun	ita
nasa	noun	spa	nasa	noun	ita
natación	noun	spa	nuoto	noun	ita
natalidad	noun	spa	natalità	noun	ita
natalidad	noun	spa	natalità	noun	ita
natalidad	noun	spa	natalità	noun	ita
naturaleza	noun	spa	natura	noun	ita
naufragio	noun	spa	naufragio	noun	ita
nave	noun	spa	capannone	noun	ita
navegación	noun	spa	navigazione	noun	ita
navegador	noun	spa	navigatore	noun	ita
navidad	noun	spa	natale	noun	ita
nazi	noun	spa	nazista	noun	ita
nazi	noun	spa	nazista	noun	ita
nazi	noun	spa	nazista	noun	ita
nazismo	noun	spa	nazionalsocialismo	noun	ita
neblina	noun	spa	nebbia	noun	ita
nebulosa	noun	spa	nebulosa	noun	ita
necesidad	noun	spa	bisogno	noun	ita
necesidad	noun	spa	necessità	noun	ita
necesidad	noun	spa	necessità	noun	ita
necesidad	noun	spa	necessità	noun	ita
necesidad	noun	spa	fabbisogno	noun	ita
necrosis	noun	spa	necrosi	noun	ita
necrópolis	noun	spa	necropoli	noun	ita
negación	noun	spa	negazione	noun	ita
negativa	noun	spa	negazione	noun	ita
negativo	noun	spa	negativo	noun	ita
negligencia	noun	spa	negligenza	noun	ita
negociación	noun	spa	trading	noun	ita
negociación	noun	spa	negoziato	noun	ita
negociación	noun	spa	negoziazione	noun	ita
negociador	noun	spa	negoziante	noun	ita
negociador	noun	spa	negoziante	noun	ita
negociador	noun	spa	negoziante	noun	ita
negocio	noun	spa	business	noun	ita
negocio	noun	spa	business	noun	ita
negocio	noun	spa	business	noun	ita
negocio	noun	spa	affare	noun	ita
negro	noun	spa	nero	noun	ita
nene	noun	spa	bambino	noun	ita
nenúfar	noun	spa	ninfea	noun	ita
neocórtex	noun	spa	neocorteccia	noun	ita
neocórtex	noun	spa	neocorteccia	noun	ita
neocórtex	noun	spa	neocorteccia	noun	ita
neolítico	noun	spa	neolitico	noun	ita
nervio	noun	spa	nervo	noun	ita
neumonía	noun	spa	polmonite	noun	ita
neumático	noun	spa	pneumatico	noun	ita
neurociencia	noun	spa	neuroscienza	noun	ita
neurocientífico	noun	spa	neuroscienziato	noun	ita
neurocientífico	noun	spa	neuroscienziato	noun	ita
neurogénesis	noun	spa	neurogenesi	noun	ita
neurogénesis	noun	spa	neurogenesi	noun	ita
neurología	noun	spa	neurologia	noun	ita
neurona	noun	spa	neurone	noun	ita
neuronal	noun	spa	neuronale	noun	ita
neuropatía	noun	spa	neuropatia	noun	ita
neutralidad	noun	spa	neutralità	noun	ita
neutralidad	noun	spa	neutralità	noun	ita
neutralidad	noun	spa	neutralità	noun	ita
nevada	noun	spa	nevata	noun	ita
nevasca	noun	spa	nevischio	noun	ita
nevera	noun	spa	frigorifero	noun	ita
nevera	noun	spa	frigo	noun	ita
nicho	noun	spa	nicchia	noun	ita
nicotina	noun	spa	nicotina	noun	ita
nidificación	noun	spa	nidificazione	noun	ita
nido	noun	spa	nido	noun	ita
niebla	noun	spa	nebbia	noun	ita
nieto	noun	spa	nipote	noun	ita
nieto	noun	spa	nipote	noun	ita
nieto	noun	spa	nipote	noun	ita
nieve	noun	spa	neve	noun	ita
nigeriano	noun	spa	nigeriano	noun	ita
ninfa	noun	spa	ninfa	noun	ita
nitrato	noun	spa	nitrato	noun	ita
nitrógeno	noun	spa	nitrogeno	noun	ita
nitrógeno	noun	spa	azoto	noun	ita
nivel	noun	spa	livello	noun	ita
niñez	noun	spa	infanzia	noun	ita
niño	noun	spa	bambino	noun	ita
niño	noun	spa	bimbo	noun	ita
nobleza	noun	spa	nobiltà	noun	ita
nobleza	noun	spa	nobiltà	noun	ita
nobleza	noun	spa	nobiltà	noun	ita
noche	noun	spa	notte	noun	ita
noche	noun	spa	sera	noun	ita
noche	noun	spa	notte	noun	ita
noción	noun	spa	nozione	noun	ita
nodo	noun	spa	nodo	noun	ita
nodriza	noun	spa	balia	noun	ita
nodriza	noun	spa	bambinaia	noun	ita
nombramiento	noun	spa	nomina	noun	ita
nombre	noun	spa	nome	noun	ita
nomenclatura	noun	spa	nomenclatura	noun	ita
nominación	noun	spa	nomination	noun	ita
nominación	noun	spa	nomination	noun	ita
nominación	noun	spa	nomination	noun	ita
noreste	noun	spa	nord-est	noun	ita
norma	noun	spa	norma	noun	ita
normalidad	noun	spa	normalità	noun	ita
normalidad	noun	spa	normalità	noun	ita
normalidad	noun	spa	normalità	noun	ita
normalización	noun	spa	normalizzazione	noun	ita
noroeste	noun	spa	nord-est	noun	ita
norte	noun	spa	nord	noun	ita
noruego	noun	spa	norvegese	noun	ita
noruego	noun	spa	norvegese	noun	ita
noruego	noun	spa	norvegese	noun	ita
nostalgia	noun	spa	nostalgia	noun	ita
nota	noun	spa	nota	noun	ita
notación	noun	spa	notazione	noun	ita
notario	noun	spa	notaio	noun	ita
notario	noun	spa	notaio	noun	ita
notario	noun	spa	notaio	noun	ita
noticia	noun	spa	notizia	noun	ita
noticia	noun	spa	notiziario	noun	ita
notificación	noun	spa	notifica	noun	ita
novato	noun	spa	novellino	noun	ita
novedad	noun	spa	novità	noun	ita
novedad	noun	spa	novità	noun	ita
novedad	noun	spa	novità	noun	ita
novela	noun	spa	romanzo	noun	ita
novelista	noun	spa	romanziere	noun	ita
novelista	noun	spa	romanziere	noun	ita
novelista	noun	spa	romanziere	noun	ita
noviembre	noun	spa	novembre	noun	ita
novio	noun	spa	fidanzato	noun	ita
nube	noun	spa	nuvola	noun	ita
nube	noun	spa	nube	noun	ita
nubosidad	noun	spa	nebulosità	noun	ita
nubosidad	noun	spa	nebulosità	noun	ita
nubosidad	noun	spa	nebulosità	noun	ita
nudo	noun	spa	nodo	noun	ita
nuera	noun	spa	nuora	noun	ita
nuez	noun	spa	noce	noun	ita
numeración	noun	spa	numerazione	noun	ita
nutación	noun	spa	nutazione	noun	ita
nutria	noun	spa	lontra	noun	ita
nutrición	noun	spa	nutrizione	noun	ita
nutriente	noun	spa	nutriente	noun	ita
néctar	noun	spa	nettare	noun	ita
nómada	noun	spa	nomade	noun	ita
núcleo	noun	spa	nucleo	noun	ita
número	noun	spa	numero	noun	ita
oasis	noun	spa	oasi	noun	ita
obediencia	noun	spa	obbedienza	noun	ita
obesidad	noun	spa	obesità	noun	ita
obesidad	noun	spa	obesità	noun	ita
obesidad	noun	spa	obesità	noun	ita
obispo	noun	spa	vescovo	noun	ita
objeción	noun	spa	obiezione	noun	ita
objetivo	noun	spa	target	noun	ita
objetivo	noun	spa	scopo	noun	ita
objetivo	noun	spa	obiettivo	noun	ita
objeto	noun	spa	oggetto	noun	ita
obligacionista	noun	spa	obbligazionista	noun	ita
obligacionista	noun	spa	obbligazionista	noun	ita
obligacionista	noun	spa	obbligazionista	noun	ita
obligación	noun	spa	obbligazione	noun	ita
obligación	noun	spa	obbligo	noun	ita
obligado	noun	spa	obbligato	noun	ita
obra	noun	spa	opera	noun	ita
obra maestra	noun	spa	capolavoro	noun	ita
obrero	noun	spa	operaio	noun	ita
observación	noun	spa	osservazione	noun	ita
observador	noun	spa	osservatore	noun	ita
obsesión	noun	spa	ossessione	noun	ita
obstetricia	noun	spa	ostetricia	noun	ita
obstetricia	noun	spa	ostetricia	noun	ita
obstetricia	noun	spa	ostetricia	noun	ita
obstinación	noun	spa	ostinazione	noun	ita
obstáculo	noun	spa	ostacolo	noun	ita
obtención	noun	spa	approvvigionamento	noun	ita
obtención	noun	spa	ottenimento	noun	ita
obús	noun	spa	obice	noun	ita
oca	noun	spa	oca	noun	ita
ocasión	noun	spa	occasione	noun	ita
occidente	noun	spa	occidente	noun	ita
ocio	noun	spa	ozio	noun	ita
octaedro	noun	spa	ottaedro	noun	ita
octubre	noun	spa	ottobre	noun	ita
octógono	noun	spa	ottagono	noun	ita
oculista	noun	spa	oculista	noun	ita
oculista	noun	spa	oculista	noun	ita
oculista	noun	spa	oculista	noun	ita
ocultación	noun	spa	occultazione	noun	ita
ocultación	noun	spa	occultamento	noun	ita
ocultación	noun	spa	occultazione	noun	ita
ocupación	noun	spa	occupazione	noun	ita
océano	noun	spa	oceano	noun	ita
odio	noun	spa	odio	noun	ita
odisea	noun	spa	odissea	noun	ita
odontología	noun	spa	odontoiatria	noun	ita
odontología	noun	spa	odontologia	noun	ita
oeste	noun	spa	ovest	noun	ita
oferta	noun	spa	offerta	noun	ita
oficial	noun	spa	ufficiale	noun	ita
oficina	noun	spa	capannone	noun	ita
oficina	noun	spa	ufficio	noun	ita
oficio	noun	spa	mestiere	noun	ita
ojal	noun	spa	asola	noun	ita
ojeada	noun	spa	occhiata	noun	ita
ojete	noun	spa	occhiello	noun	ita
ojo	noun	spa	occhio	noun	ita
ola	noun	spa	ondata	noun	ita
ola	noun	spa	onda	noun	ita
oleada	noun	spa	ondata	noun	ita
olfato	noun	spa	olfatto	noun	ita
oligarca	noun	spa	oligarca	noun	ita
olimpiada	noun	spa	olimpiade	noun	ita
oliva	noun	spa	oliva	noun	ita
olivo	noun	spa	olivo	noun	ita
olivo	noun	spa	ulivo	noun	ita
olla	noun	spa	pentola	noun	ita
olmo	noun	spa	olmo	noun	ita
olor	noun	spa	odore	noun	ita
olvido	noun	spa	oblio	noun	ita
ombligo	noun	spa	ombelico	noun	ita
omisión	noun	spa	omissione	noun	ita
omnívoro	noun	spa	onnivoro	noun	ita
oncólogo	noun	spa	oncologo	noun	ita
onda	noun	spa	onda	noun	ita
online	noun	spa	on-line	noun	ita
opción	noun	spa	opzione	noun	ita
opción	noun	spa	scelta	noun	ita
operación	noun	spa	operazione	noun	ita
operador	noun	spa	operatore	noun	ita
operativa	noun	spa	operativa	noun	ita
operatividad	noun	spa	operatività	noun	ita
operatividad	noun	spa	operatività	noun	ita
operatividad	noun	spa	operatività	noun	ita
opinión	noun	spa	opinione	noun	ita
opinión	noun	spa	recensione	noun	ita
oponente	noun	spa	opponente	noun	ita
oportunidad	noun	spa	opportunità	noun	ita
oportunidad	noun	spa	opportunità	noun	ita
oportunidad	noun	spa	opportunità	noun	ita
oposición	noun	spa	opposizione	noun	ita
oposición	noun	spa	concorso	noun	ita
oposición	noun	spa	opposizione	noun	ita
opositor	noun	spa	oppositore	noun	ita
opresión	noun	spa	oppressione	noun	ita
opresión	noun	spa	oppressione	noun	ita
optimismo	noun	spa	ottimismo	noun	ita
optimización	noun	spa	ottimizzazione	noun	ita
opulencia	noun	spa	opulenza	noun	ita
oración	noun	spa	preghiera	noun	ita
oración	noun	spa	preghiera	noun	ita
orador	noun	spa	oratore	noun	ita
orden	noun	spa	ordine	noun	ita
orden	noun	spa	provvedimento	noun	ita
orden	noun	spa	ordine	noun	ita
ordenación	noun	spa	ordinazione	noun	ita
ordenador	noun	spa	computer	noun	ita
ordenador	noun	spa	computer	noun	ita
ordenador	noun	spa	computer	noun	ita
ordenador portátil	noun	spa	laptop	noun	ita
ordenanza	noun	spa	ordinanza	noun	ita
oreja	noun	spa	orecchio	noun	ita
oreja	noun	spa	orecchio	noun	ita
orfanato	noun	spa	orfanotrofio	noun	ita
orfanato	noun	spa	orfanotrofio	noun	ita
orfebre	noun	spa	orafo	noun	ita
organismo	noun	spa	organismo	noun	ita
organización	noun	spa	organizzazione	noun	ita
organizador	noun	spa	organizzatore	noun	ita
orgasmo	noun	spa	orgasmo	noun	ita
orgullo	noun	spa	orgoglio	noun	ita
orgía	noun	spa	orgia	noun	ita
orientación	noun	spa	orientamento	noun	ita
orientación	noun	spa	orientazione	noun	ita
oriente	noun	spa	oriente	noun	ita
origami	noun	spa	origami	noun	ita
origami	noun	spa	origami	noun	ita
origami	noun	spa	origami	noun	ita
origen	noun	spa	origine	noun	ita
originalidad	noun	spa	originalità	noun	ita
originalidad	noun	spa	originalità	noun	ita
originalidad	noun	spa	originalità	noun	ita
orilla	noun	spa	riva	noun	ita
orina	noun	spa	urina	noun	ita
orina	noun	spa	orina	noun	ita
ornamento	noun	spa	ornamento	noun	ita
ornamento	noun	spa	abbellimento	noun	ita
oro	noun	spa	oro	noun	ita
orografía	noun	spa	orografia	noun	ita
orquesta	noun	spa	orchestra	noun	ita
orquídea	noun	spa	orchidea	noun	ita
ortografía	noun	spa	ortografia	noun	ita
oscilación	noun	spa	oscillazione	noun	ita
oscurantismo	noun	spa	oscurantismo	noun	ita
oscuridad	noun	spa	oscurità	noun	ita
oscuridad	noun	spa	oscurità	noun	ita
oscuridad	noun	spa	oscurità	noun	ita
oso	noun	spa	orso	noun	ita
oso	noun	spa	orso	noun	ita
oso	noun	spa	orso	noun	ita
ostra	noun	spa	ostrica	noun	ita
otoño	noun	spa	autunno	noun	ita
ovario	noun	spa	ovaia	noun	ita
ovario	noun	spa	ovaia	noun	ita
oveja	noun	spa	pecora	noun	ita
ovni	noun	spa	ufo	noun	ita
ovni	noun	spa	ufo	noun	ita
ovni	noun	spa	ufo	noun	ita
oxidación	noun	spa	ossidazione	noun	ita
oxitocina	noun	spa	ossitocina	noun	ita
oxitocina	noun	spa	ossitocina	noun	ita
oxígeno	noun	spa	ossigeno	noun	ita
ozono	noun	spa	ozono	noun	ita
oído	noun	spa	udito	noun	ita
pabellón	noun	spa	bandiera	noun	ita
paciencia	noun	spa	pazienza	noun	ita
paciencia	noun	spa	pazienza	noun	ita
paciente	noun	spa	paziente	noun	ita
pacifismo	noun	spa	pacifismo	noun	ita
pacifista	noun	spa	pacifista	noun	ita
pacifista	noun	spa	pacifista	noun	ita
pacifista	noun	spa	pacifista	noun	ita
pacto	noun	spa	patto	noun	ita
padre	noun	spa	genitore	noun	ita
padre	noun	spa	padre	noun	ita
padrino	noun	spa	padrino	noun	ita
padrón	noun	spa	padrone	noun	ita
padrón	noun	spa	padrone	noun	ita
padrón	noun	spa	padrone	noun	ita
paella	noun	spa	paella	noun	ita
paella	noun	spa	paella	noun	ita
paella	noun	spa	paella	noun	ita
pagano	noun	spa	pagano	noun	ita
pago	noun	spa	pagamento	noun	ita
pagoda	noun	spa	pagoda	noun	ita
paisaje	noun	spa	paesaggio	noun	ita
paja	noun	spa	paglia	noun	ita
pakistaní	noun	spa	pakistano	noun	ita
pakistaní	noun	spa	pakistano	noun	ita
pakistaní	noun	spa	pakistano	noun	ita
pala	noun	spa	pala	noun	ita
palabra	noun	spa	parola	noun	ita
palacio	noun	spa	palazzo	noun	ita
palanca	noun	spa	leva	noun	ita
palco	noun	spa	palco	noun	ita
palestino	noun	spa	palestinese	noun	ita
palestino	noun	spa	palestinese	noun	ita
palestino	noun	spa	palestinese	noun	ita
palestra	noun	spa	scenario	noun	ita
paleta	noun	spa	paletta	noun	ita
palma	noun	spa	palma	noun	ita
palmera	noun	spa	palma	noun	ita
palmo	noun	spa	palmo	noun	ita
palo	noun	spa	palo	noun	ita
paloma	noun	spa	colomba	noun	ita
palomo	noun	spa	piccione	noun	ita
paludismo	noun	spa	malaria	noun	ita
pan	noun	spa	pane	noun	ita
panadero	noun	spa	panettiere	noun	ita
panadero	noun	spa	fornaio	noun	ita
panda	noun	spa	panda	noun	ita
panda	noun	spa	panda	noun	ita
panda	noun	spa	panda	noun	ita
pandemia	noun	spa	pandemia	noun	ita
pandemia	noun	spa	pandemia	noun	ita
panel	noun	spa	pannello	noun	ita
panel	noun	spa	pannello	noun	ita
panfleto	noun	spa	opuscolo	noun	ita
panorama	noun	spa	panorama	noun	ita
pantalla	noun	spa	schermo	noun	ita
pantalón	noun	spa	pantalone	noun	ita
pantano	noun	spa	palude	noun	ita
panteón	noun	spa	pantheon	noun	ita
panteón	noun	spa	pantheon	noun	ita
panteón	noun	spa	pantheon	noun	ita
papa	noun	spa	papa	noun	ita
papagayo	noun	spa	pappagallo	noun	ita
papel	noun	spa	carta	noun	ita
papel	noun	spa	carta	noun	ita
papá	noun	spa	papà	noun	ita
papá	noun	spa	papà	noun	ita
papá	noun	spa	papà	noun	ita
papá	noun	spa	babbo	noun	ita
paquete	noun	spa	pacchetto	noun	ita
par	noun	spa	paio	noun	ita
par	noun	spa	paio	noun	ita
par	noun	spa	paio	noun	ita
par	noun	spa	paio	noun	ita
paracaidismo	noun	spa	paracadutismo	noun	ita
paracaídas	noun	spa	paracadute	noun	ita
parada	noun	spa	fermata	noun	ita
parada	noun	spa	parata	noun	ita
paradigma	noun	spa	paradigma	noun	ita
paradoja	noun	spa	paradosso	noun	ita
paraguas	noun	spa	ombrello	noun	ita
paraguas	noun	spa	ombrello	noun	ita
paraguas	noun	spa	ombrello	noun	ita
paraguayo	noun	spa	paraguaiano	noun	ita
paralelo	noun	spa	parallelo	noun	ita
paralelo	noun	spa	parallelo	noun	ita
paralización	noun	spa	arresto	noun	ita
paranoia	noun	spa	paranoia	noun	ita
pararrayos	noun	spa	parafulmine	noun	ita
pararrayos	noun	spa	parafulmine	noun	ita
pararrayos	noun	spa	parafulmine	noun	ita
paraíso	noun	spa	paradiso	noun	ita
paraíso	noun	spa	paradiso	noun	ita
parcelación	noun	spa	lottizzazione	noun	ita
parche	noun	spa	toppa	noun	ita
parcialidad	noun	spa	faziosità	noun	ita
parcialidad	noun	spa	faziosità	noun	ita
parcialidad	noun	spa	faziosità	noun	ita
parecer	noun	spa	parere	noun	ita
parecido	noun	spa	simile	noun	ita
pared	noun	spa	parete	noun	ita
pareja	noun	spa	coppia	noun	ita
parentesco	noun	spa	parentela	noun	ita
paridad	noun	spa	parità	noun	ita
paridad	noun	spa	parità	noun	ita
paridad	noun	spa	parità	noun	ita
pariente	noun	spa	parente	noun	ita
parking	noun	spa	parcheggio	noun	ita
parkinson	noun	spa	parkinson	noun	ita
parlamento	noun	spa	parlamento	noun	ita
paro	noun	spa	disoccupazione	noun	ita
parodia	noun	spa	parodia	noun	ita
parque	noun	spa	parco	noun	ita
parrilla	noun	spa	palinsesto	noun	ita
parroquia	noun	spa	parrocchia	noun	ita
parte	noun	spa	parte	noun	ita
participación	noun	spa	coinvolgimento	noun	ita
participación	noun	spa	partecipazione	noun	ita
participante	noun	spa	partecipante	noun	ita
participio	noun	spa	participio	noun	ita
partición	noun	spa	partizione	noun	ita
partición	noun	spa	spartizione	noun	ita
particularidad	noun	spa	particolarità	noun	ita
particularidad	noun	spa	particolarità	noun	ita
particularidad	noun	spa	particolarità	noun	ita
partidario	noun	spa	sostenitore	noun	ita
partido	noun	spa	partito	noun	ita
partido	noun	spa	partita	noun	ita
partitura	noun	spa	partitura	noun	ita
parto	noun	spa	parto	noun	ita
partícula	noun	spa	particella	noun	ita
parábola	noun	spa	parabola	noun	ita
parálisis	noun	spa	paralisi	noun	ita
parámetro	noun	spa	parametro	noun	ita
parásito	noun	spa	parassita	noun	ita
paréntesis	noun	spa	parentesi	noun	ita
pasado	noun	spa	passato	noun	ita
pasaje	noun	spa	passaggio	noun	ita
pasaje	noun	spa	passaggio	noun	ita
pasaporte	noun	spa	passaporto	noun	ita
pascua	noun	spa	pasqua	noun	ita
paseo	noun	spa	passeggio	noun	ita
pasillo	noun	spa	corridoio	noun	ita
pasividad	noun	spa	passività	noun	ita
pasividad	noun	spa	passività	noun	ita
pasividad	noun	spa	passività	noun	ita
pasión	noun	spa	passione	noun	ita
paso	noun	spa	passaggio	noun	ita
paso	noun	spa	passo	noun	ita
paso	noun	spa	attraversamento	noun	ita
pasta	noun	spa	pasta	noun	ita
pastel	noun	spa	torta	noun	ita
pastilla	noun	spa	pillola	noun	ita
pasto	noun	spa	pasto	noun	ita
pastor	noun	spa	pastore	noun	ita
pastor	noun	spa	pastore	noun	ita
pastor	noun	spa	pastore	noun	ita
pastura	noun	spa	pascolo	noun	ita
pata	noun	spa	gamba	noun	ita
pata	noun	spa	zampa	noun	ita
patada	noun	spa	calcio	noun	ita
patata	noun	spa	patata	noun	ita
patata frita	noun	spa	patatina	noun	ita
patente	noun	spa	brevetto	noun	ita
paternidad	noun	spa	paternità	noun	ita
paternidad	noun	spa	paternità	noun	ita
paternidad	noun	spa	paternità	noun	ita
patinaje	noun	spa	pattinaggio	noun	ita
patio	noun	spa	cortile	noun	ita
patio	noun	spa	cortile	noun	ita
pato	noun	spa	anatra	noun	ita
patología	noun	spa	patologia	noun	ita
patria	noun	spa	patria	noun	ita
patriarca	noun	spa	patriarca	noun	ita
patrimonio	noun	spa	patrimonio	noun	ita
patrocinador	noun	spa	sponsor	noun	ita
patrocinador	noun	spa	sponsor	noun	ita
patrocinador	noun	spa	sponsor	noun	ita
patrocinio	noun	spa	patrocinio	noun	ita
patrón	noun	spa	modello	noun	ita
patrón	noun	spa	pattern	noun	ita
pausa	noun	spa	pausa	noun	ita
pausa	noun	spa	pausa	noun	ita
pausa	noun	spa	pausa	noun	ita
pavimentación	noun	spa	pavimentazione	noun	ita
pavimento	noun	spa	pavimento	noun	ita
payaso	noun	spa	pagliaccio	noun	ita
payaso	noun	spa	pagliaccio	noun	ita
payaso	noun	spa	pagliaccio	noun	ita
paz	noun	spa	pace	noun	ita
país	noun	spa	paese	noun	ita
país	noun	spa	paese	noun	ita
paño	noun	spa	panno	noun	ita
pañuelo	noun	spa	fazzoletto	noun	ita
pc	noun	spa	pc	noun	ita
peaje	noun	spa	pedaggio	noun	ita
peatonalización	noun	spa	pedonalizzazione	noun	ita
peatón	noun	spa	pedone	noun	ita
peatón	noun	spa	pedone	noun	ita
peatón	noun	spa	pedone	noun	ita
peca	noun	spa	lentiggine	noun	ita
pecado	noun	spa	peccato	noun	ita
pecado	noun	spa	peccato	noun	ita
pecho	noun	spa	petto	noun	ita
peculiaridad	noun	spa	peculiarità	noun	ita
peculiaridad	noun	spa	peculiarità	noun	ita
peculiaridad	noun	spa	peculiarità	noun	ita
pedacito	noun	spa	pezzetto	noun	ita
pedagogía	noun	spa	pedagogia	noun	ita
pedaleo	noun	spa	pedalata	noun	ita
pedazo	noun	spa	pezzetto	noun	ita
pederasta	noun	spa	pedofilo	noun	ita
pedestal	noun	spa	piedistallo	noun	ita
pediatra	noun	spa	pediatra	noun	ita
pediatra	noun	spa	pediatra	noun	ita
pediatra	noun	spa	pediatra	noun	ita
pediatría	noun	spa	pediatria	noun	ita
pedo	noun	spa	peto	noun	ita
pegamento	noun	spa	adesivo	noun	ita
peine	noun	spa	pettine	noun	ita
pelea	noun	spa	colluttazione	noun	ita
peletería	noun	spa	pellicceria	noun	ita
peligro	noun	spa	pericolo	noun	ita
peligrosidad	noun	spa	pericolosità	noun	ita
peligrosidad	noun	spa	pericolosità	noun	ita
peligrosidad	noun	spa	pericolosità	noun	ita
pelo	noun	spa	pelo	noun	ita
pelota	noun	spa	pallone	noun	ita
pelota	noun	spa	pallina	noun	ita
peluca	noun	spa	parrucca	noun	ita
peluche	noun	spa	peluche	noun	ita
peluche	noun	spa	peluche	noun	ita
peluche	noun	spa	peluche	noun	ita
peluquero	noun	spa	parrucchiere	noun	ita
película	noun	spa	pellicola	noun	ita
película	noun	spa	film	noun	ita
película	noun	spa	film	noun	ita
película	noun	spa	film	noun	ita
pena	noun	spa	pena	noun	ita
penalización	noun	spa	penalità	noun	ita
penalización	noun	spa	penalità	noun	ita
penalización	noun	spa	penalità	noun	ita
pendiente	noun	spa	orecchino	noun	ita
pendiente	noun	spa	pendenza	noun	ita
pendiente	noun	spa	versante	noun	ita
pene	noun	spa	pene	noun	ita
penetración	noun	spa	penetrazione	noun	ita
penicilina	noun	spa	penicillina	noun	ita
penitenciaría	noun	spa	penitenziario	noun	ita
pensador	noun	spa	pensatore	noun	ita
pensador	noun	spa	pensatore	noun	ita
pensamiento	noun	spa	pensiero	noun	ita
pensionista	noun	spa	pensionato	noun	ita
pensión	noun	spa	pensione	noun	ita
pentagrama	noun	spa	pentagramma	noun	ita
pentágono	noun	spa	pentagono	noun	ita
península	noun	spa	penisola	noun	ita
pepino	noun	spa	cetriolo	noun	ita
per	noun	spa	per	noun	ita
percepción	noun	spa	percezione	noun	ita
perdedor	noun	spa	perdente	noun	ita
perdedor	noun	spa	perdente	noun	ita
perdedor	noun	spa	perdente	noun	ita
perdiz	noun	spa	pernice	noun	ita
perdón	noun	spa	perdono	noun	ita
peregrinación	noun	spa	pellegrinaggio	noun	ita
perejil	noun	spa	prezzemolo	noun	ita
perezoso	noun	spa	pigro	noun	ita
perfección	noun	spa	perfezione	noun	ita
perfil	noun	spa	profilo	noun	ita
perforación	noun	spa	perforazione	noun	ita
perfume	noun	spa	profumo	noun	ita
periferia	noun	spa	periferia	noun	ita
periodicidad	noun	spa	periodicità	noun	ita
periodicidad	noun	spa	periodicità	noun	ita
periodicidad	noun	spa	periodicità	noun	ita
periodismo	noun	spa	giornalismo	noun	ita
periodista	noun	spa	giornalista	noun	ita
periodista	noun	spa	giornalista	noun	ita
periodista	noun	spa	giornalista	noun	ita
periodo	noun	spa	periodo	noun	ita
periquito	noun	spa	pappagallino	noun	ita
periódico	noun	spa	giornale	noun	ita
perla	noun	spa	perla	noun	ita
permanencia	noun	spa	permanenza	noun	ita
permeabilidad	noun	spa	permeabilità	noun	ita
permeabilidad	noun	spa	permeabilità	noun	ita
permeabilidad	noun	spa	permeabilità	noun	ita
permiso	noun	spa	permesso	noun	ita
permiso	noun	spa	autorizzazione	noun	ita
permutación	noun	spa	permutazione	noun	ita
perpetuación	noun	spa	perpetuazione	noun	ita
perplejidad	noun	spa	perplessità	noun	ita
perplejidad	noun	spa	perplessità	noun	ita
perplejidad	noun	spa	perplessità	noun	ita
perro	noun	spa	cane	noun	ita
persa	noun	spa	persiano	noun	ita
persa	noun	spa	persiano	noun	ita
persa	noun	spa	persiano	noun	ita
persecución	noun	spa	persecuzione	noun	ita
persecución	noun	spa	persecuzione	noun	ita
perseverancia	noun	spa	perseveranza	noun	ita
persiana	noun	spa	persiana	noun	ita
persistencia	noun	spa	persistenza	noun	ita
persona	noun	spa	persona	noun	ita
personaje	noun	spa	personaggio	noun	ita
personal	noun	spa	personale	noun	ita
personal	noun	spa	staff	noun	ita
personalidad	noun	spa	personalità	noun	ita
personalidad	noun	spa	personalità	noun	ita
personalidad	noun	spa	personalità	noun	ita
personalización	noun	spa	personalizzazione	noun	ita
personificación	noun	spa	personificazione	noun	ita
perspectiva	noun	spa	prospettiva	noun	ita
persuasión	noun	spa	persuasione	noun	ita
perteneciente	noun	spa	appartenente	noun	ita
pertenencia	noun	spa	appartenenza	noun	ita
perturbación	noun	spa	perturbazione	noun	ita
peruano	noun	spa	peruviano	noun	ita
perímetro	noun	spa	perimetro	noun	ita
pesadilla	noun	spa	incubo	noun	ita
pesar	noun	spa	magone	noun	ita
pesca	noun	spa	pesca	noun	ita
pescador	noun	spa	pescatore	noun	ita
pesebre	noun	spa	presepe	noun	ita
peseta	noun	spa	peseta	noun	ita
pesimismo	noun	spa	pessimismo	noun	ita
pesimista	noun	spa	pessimista	noun	ita
pesimista	noun	spa	pessimista	noun	ita
pesimista	noun	spa	pessimista	noun	ita
peso	noun	spa	peso	noun	ita
pesquisa	noun	spa	indagine	noun	ita
pestaña	noun	spa	ciglio	noun	ita
pestaña	noun	spa	ciglio	noun	ita
pestaña	noun	spa	ciglio	noun	ita
pestaña	noun	spa	ciglio	noun	ita
peste	noun	spa	peste	noun	ita
pesticida	noun	spa	pesticida	noun	ita
pesticida	noun	spa	pesticida	noun	ita
pesticida	noun	spa	pesticida	noun	ita
petición	noun	spa	petizione	noun	ita
petrolero	noun	spa	petroliere	noun	ita
petróleo	noun	spa	petrolio	noun	ita
pez	noun	spa	pesce	noun	ita
pianista	noun	spa	pianista	noun	ita
pianista	noun	spa	pianista	noun	ita
pianista	noun	spa	pianista	noun	ita
piano	noun	spa	pianoforte	noun	ita
pica	noun	spa	picca	noun	ita
picha	noun	spa	pene	noun	ita
pico	noun	spa	picco	noun	ita
pico	noun	spa	becco	noun	ita
pico	noun	spa	apice	noun	ita
pie	noun	spa	piede	noun	ita
piedad	noun	spa	pietà	noun	ita
piedad	noun	spa	pietà	noun	ita
piedad	noun	spa	pietà	noun	ita
piedra	noun	spa	pietra	noun	ita
piedra	noun	spa	sasso	noun	ita
piel	noun	spa	pelle	noun	ita
pienso	noun	spa	materia	noun	ita
pierna	noun	spa	gamba	noun	ita
pieza	noun	spa	pezzo	noun	ita
pieza	noun	spa	tassello	noun	ita
pigmentación	noun	spa	pigmentazione	noun	ita
pijama	noun	spa	pigiama	noun	ita
pila	noun	spa	pila	noun	ita
pilar	noun	spa	pilastro	noun	ita
piloto	noun	spa	pilota	noun	ita
piloto	noun	spa	pilota	noun	ita
piloto	noun	spa	pilota	noun	ita
pilón	noun	spa	pilone	noun	ita
pimentón	noun	spa	paprica	noun	ita
pimienta	noun	spa	pepe	noun	ita
pimienta	noun	spa	pepe	noun	ita
pimiento	noun	spa	peperone	noun	ita
pinacoteca	noun	spa	pinacoteca	noun	ita
pincel	noun	spa	pennello	noun	ita
pingüino	noun	spa	pinguino	noun	ita
pino	noun	spa	pino	noun	ita
pintor	noun	spa	pittore	noun	ita
pintura	noun	spa	vernice	noun	ita
pintura	noun	spa	prodotto	noun	ita
pintura	noun	spa	pittura	noun	ita
piojo	noun	spa	pidocchio	noun	ita
piolet	noun	spa	piccozza	noun	ita
pionero	noun	spa	pioniere	noun	ita
pipa	noun	spa	pipa	noun	ita
piragua	noun	spa	piroga	noun	ita
pirata	noun	spa	pirata	noun	ita
pirata	noun	spa	pirata	noun	ita
pirata	noun	spa	pirata	noun	ita
piratería	noun	spa	pirateria	noun	ita
pirámide	noun	spa	piramide	noun	ita
piscina	noun	spa	piscina	noun	ita
piso	noun	spa	pavimento	noun	ita
pista	noun	spa	pista	noun	ita
pista	noun	spa	indizio	noun	ita
pistola	noun	spa	pistola	noun	ita
pitido	noun	spa	fischio	noun	ita
pizarra	noun	spa	lavagna	noun	ita
pizarra	noun	spa	lavagna	noun	ita
pizza	noun	spa	pizza	noun	ita
placa	noun	spa	placca	noun	ita
placebo	noun	spa	placebo	noun	ita
placer	noun	spa	piacere	noun	ita
plaga	noun	spa	piaga	noun	ita
plan	noun	spa	piano	noun	ita
plancha	noun	spa	asse	noun	ita
plancha	noun	spa	piastra	noun	ita
plancton	noun	spa	plancton	noun	ita
plancton	noun	spa	plancton	noun	ita
plancton	noun	spa	plancton	noun	ita
planeamiento	noun	spa	progettazione	noun	ita
planeta	noun	spa	pianeta	noun	ita
planetario	noun	spa	planetario	noun	ita
planificación	noun	spa	pianificazione	noun	ita
plano	noun	spa	piano	noun	ita
plano	noun	spa	mappa	noun	ita
planta	noun	spa	pianta	noun	ita
plantación	noun	spa	impianto	noun	ita
planteamiento	noun	spa	approccio	noun	ita
plantilla	noun	spa	planning	noun	ita
plantilla	noun	spa	planning	noun	ita
plantilla	noun	spa	planning	noun	ita
plantilla	noun	spa	soletta	noun	ita
plantilla	noun	spa	maestranze	noun	ita
plastilina	noun	spa	plastilina	noun	ita
plata	noun	spa	argento	noun	ita
plataforma	noun	spa	piattaforma	noun	ita
platillo	noun	spa	piatto	noun	ita
platino	noun	spa	platino	noun	ita
plato	noun	spa	piatto	noun	ita
plato	noun	spa	piatto	noun	ita
playa	noun	spa	spiaggia	noun	ita
plaza	noun	spa	piazza	noun	ita
plazo	noun	spa	termine	noun	ita
plazo	noun	spa	lasso	noun	ita
plebe	noun	spa	plebe	noun	ita
plebeyo	noun	spa	plebeo	noun	ita
pleito	noun	spa	contenzioso	noun	ita
pleno	noun	spa	pieno	noun	ita
pliegue	noun	spa	piega	noun	ita
plomo	noun	spa	piombo	noun	ita
pluma	noun	spa	piuma	noun	ita
pluma	noun	spa	penna	noun	ita
plural	noun	spa	plurale	noun	ita
pluralidad	noun	spa	pluralità	noun	ita
pluralidad	noun	spa	pluralità	noun	ita
pluralidad	noun	spa	pluralità	noun	ita
pluviosidad	noun	spa	piovosità	noun	ita
pluviosidad	noun	spa	piovosità	noun	ita
pluviosidad	noun	spa	piovosità	noun	ita
plástico	noun	spa	plastica	noun	ita
plástico	noun	spa	plastica	noun	ita
plátano	noun	spa	banana	noun	ita
población	noun	spa	popolazione	noun	ita
poblado	noun	spa	villaggio	noun	ita
pobreza	noun	spa	povertà	noun	ita
pobreza	noun	spa	povertà	noun	ita
pobreza	noun	spa	povertà	noun	ita
pocilga	noun	spa	porcile	noun	ita
poción	noun	spa	pozione	noun	ita
poder	noun	spa	potere	noun	ita
poema	noun	spa	poema	noun	ita
poesía	noun	spa	poesia	noun	ita
poeta	noun	spa	poeta	noun	ita
poeta	noun	spa	poeta	noun	ita
poeta	noun	spa	poeta	noun	ita
polaco	noun	spa	polacco	noun	ita
polaridad	noun	spa	polarità	noun	ita
polaridad	noun	spa	polarità	noun	ita
polaridad	noun	spa	polarità	noun	ita
polarización	noun	spa	polarizzazione	noun	ita
polea	noun	spa	carrucola	noun	ita
polen	noun	spa	polline	noun	ita
policía	noun	spa	polizia	noun	ita
policía	noun	spa	poliziotto	noun	ita
poligamia	noun	spa	poligamia	noun	ita
polimerización	noun	spa	polimerizzazione	noun	ita
polinización	noun	spa	impollinazione	noun	ita
polinizador	noun	spa	impollinatore	noun	ita
polinizador	noun	spa	impollinatore	noun	ita
polinizador	noun	spa	impollinatore	noun	ita
polio	noun	spa	poliomielite	noun	ita
polio	noun	spa	poliomielite	noun	ita
polio	noun	spa	poliomielite	noun	ita
polio	noun	spa	polio	noun	ita
polio	noun	spa	polio	noun	ita
polio	noun	spa	polio	noun	ita
pollo	noun	spa	pollo	noun	ita
polo	noun	spa	polo	noun	ita
polución	noun	spa	inquinamento	noun	ita
polvo	noun	spa	polvere	noun	ita
polémica	noun	spa	polemica	noun	ita
polígono	noun	spa	poligono	noun	ita
político	noun	spa	politico	noun	ita
pompis	noun	spa	culo	noun	ita
pop	noun	spa	pop	noun	ita
pop	noun	spa	pop	noun	ita
pop	noun	spa	pop	noun	ita
popa	noun	spa	poppa	noun	ita
popularidad	noun	spa	popolarità	noun	ita
popularidad	noun	spa	popolarità	noun	ita
popularidad	noun	spa	popolarità	noun	ita
populismo	noun	spa	populismo	noun	ita
poquito	noun	spa	pochino	noun	ita
por doquier	noun	spa	dappertutto	noun	ita
porcentaje	noun	spa	percentuale	noun	ita
porción	noun	spa	porzione	noun	ita
porno	noun	spa	porno	noun	ita
porno	noun	spa	porno	noun	ita
porno	noun	spa	porno	noun	ita
pornografía	noun	spa	pornografia	noun	ita
poro	noun	spa	poro	noun	ita
poro	noun	spa	poro	noun	ita
porqué	noun	spa	perché	noun	ita
porqué	noun	spa	perché	noun	ita
porqué	noun	spa	perché	noun	ita
portador	noun	spa	portatore	noun	ita
portal	noun	spa	portale	noun	ita
portavoz	noun	spa	portavoce	noun	ita
portavoz	noun	spa	portavoce	noun	ita
portavoz	noun	spa	portavoce	noun	ita
portero	noun	spa	portiere	noun	ita
pos	noun	spa	pos	noun	ita
poseedor	noun	spa	detentore	noun	ita
posesión	noun	spa	possesso	noun	ita
posgrado	noun	spa	post-laurea	noun	ita
posguerra	noun	spa	dopoguerra	noun	ita
posguerra	noun	spa	dopoguerra	noun	ita
posguerra	noun	spa	dopoguerra	noun	ita
posibilidad	noun	spa	possibilità	noun	ita
posibilidad	noun	spa	possibilità	noun	ita
posibilidad	noun	spa	possibilità	noun	ita
posible	noun	spa	possibile	noun	ita
posicionado	noun	spa	posizionato	noun	ita
posicionamiento	noun	spa	posizionamento	noun	ita
posicionamiento	noun	spa	navigazione	noun	ita
posicionar	noun	spa	posizionare	noun	ita
posición	noun	spa	posizione	noun	ita
post	noun	spa	post	noun	ita
post	noun	spa	post	noun	ita
post	noun	spa	post	noun	ita
postal	noun	spa	cartolina	noun	ita
postal	noun	spa	cartolina	noun	ita
poste	noun	spa	pylon	noun	ita
poste	noun	spa	pertica	noun	ita
posteridad	noun	spa	posterità	noun	ita
posteridad	noun	spa	posterità	noun	ita
posteridad	noun	spa	posterità	noun	ita
postgrado	noun	spa	post-laurea	noun	ita
postre	noun	spa	dessert	noun	ita
postre	noun	spa	dessert	noun	ita
postre	noun	spa	dessert	noun	ita
postura	noun	spa	postura	noun	ita
potasio	noun	spa	potassio	noun	ita
potencia	noun	spa	potenza	noun	ita
potencial	noun	spa	potenziale	noun	ita
potencialidad	noun	spa	potenzialità	noun	ita
potencialidad	noun	spa	potenzialità	noun	ita
potencialidad	noun	spa	potenzialità	noun	ita
potestad	noun	spa	potere	noun	ita
pozo	noun	spa	pozzo	noun	ita
practicidad	noun	spa	praticità	noun	ita
practicidad	noun	spa	praticità	noun	ita
practicidad	noun	spa	praticità	noun	ita
pradera	noun	spa	prateria	noun	ita
pradera	noun	spa	prato	noun	ita
pragmática	noun	spa	pragmatica	noun	ita
pre	noun	spa	pre	noun	ita
precedencia	noun	spa	precedenza	noun	ita
precedente	noun	spa	precedente	noun	ita
precio	noun	spa	prezzo	noun	ita
precipicio	noun	spa	precipizio	noun	ita
precipitación	noun	spa	precipitazione	noun	ita
precisión	noun	spa	precisione	noun	ita
predador	noun	spa	predatore	noun	ita
predestinación	noun	spa	predestinazione	noun	ita
predicación	noun	spa	predicazione	noun	ita
predicción	noun	spa	previsione	noun	ita
predicción	noun	spa	predizione	noun	ita
predilección	noun	spa	predilezione	noun	ita
predisposición	noun	spa	predisposizione	noun	ita
prefacio	noun	spa	prefazione	noun	ita
preferencia	noun	spa	preferenza	noun	ita
pregunta	noun	spa	domanda	noun	ita
prehistoria	noun	spa	preistoria	noun	ita
prejuicio	noun	spa	pregiudizio	noun	ita
preludio	noun	spa	preludio	noun	ita
premiación	noun	spa	premiazione	noun	ita
premio	noun	spa	premio	noun	ita
premisa	noun	spa	premessa	noun	ita
prenda	noun	spa	capo	noun	ita
prensa	noun	spa	stampa	noun	ita
preocupación	noun	spa	preoccupazione	noun	ita
preparación	noun	spa	preparazione	noun	ita
preposición	noun	spa	preposizione	noun	ita
presa	noun	spa	diga	noun	ita
presa	noun	spa	preda	noun	ita
prescripción	noun	spa	prescrizione	noun	ita
presencia	noun	spa	presenza	noun	ita
presentación	noun	spa	presentazione	noun	ita
presente	noun	spa	presente	noun	ita
preservación	noun	spa	isolamento	noun	ita
preservación	noun	spa	preservazione	noun	ita
preservación	noun	spa	salvaguardia	noun	ita
preservativo	noun	spa	profilattico	noun	ita
presidencia	noun	spa	presidenza	noun	ita
presidente	noun	spa	presidente	noun	ita
presión	noun	spa	pressione	noun	ita
preso	noun	spa	prigioniero	noun	ita
prestación	noun	spa	prestazione	noun	ita
prestamista	noun	spa	prestatore	noun	ita
prestamista	noun	spa	prestatore	noun	ita
prestamista	noun	spa	prestatore	noun	ita
prestamista	noun	spa	prestatore	noun	ita
prestatario	noun	spa	mutuatario	noun	ita
prestigio	noun	spa	prestigio	noun	ita
presunción	noun	spa	presunzione	noun	ita
presupuesto	noun	spa	stanziamento	noun	ita
presupuesto	noun	spa	budget	noun	ita
presupuesto	noun	spa	budget	noun	ita
presupuesto	noun	spa	budget	noun	ita
pretensión	noun	spa	pretesa	noun	ita
prevalencia	noun	spa	prevalenza	noun	ita
prevención	noun	spa	prevenzione	noun	ita
previsión	noun	spa	previdenza	noun	ita
previsión	noun	spa	previsione	noun	ita
prima	noun	spa	premio	noun	ita
primate	noun	spa	primato	noun	ita
primate	noun	spa	primate	noun	ita
primavera	noun	spa	primavera	noun	ita
primer ministro	noun	spa	premier	noun	ita
primer ministro	noun	spa	premier	noun	ita
primer ministro	noun	spa	premier	noun	ita
primo	noun	spa	cugino	noun	ita
primo	noun	spa	cugino	noun	ita
principio	noun	spa	principio	noun	ita
prioridad	noun	spa	priorità	noun	ita
prioridad	noun	spa	priorità	noun	ita
prioridad	noun	spa	priorità	noun	ita
prisionero	noun	spa	prigioniero	noun	ita
prisión	noun	spa	prigione	noun	ita
privacidad	noun	spa	privacy	noun	ita
privacidad	noun	spa	privacy	noun	ita
privacidad	noun	spa	privacy	noun	ita
privación	noun	spa	privazione	noun	ita
privatización	noun	spa	privatizzazione	noun	ita
privilegio	noun	spa	privilegio	noun	ita
probabilidad	noun	spa	probabilità	noun	ita
probabilidad	noun	spa	probabilità	noun	ita
probabilidad	noun	spa	probabilità	noun	ita
probeta	noun	spa	provetta	noun	ita
problema	noun	spa	problematica	noun	ita
problema	noun	spa	problema	noun	ita
problema	noun	spa	guai	noun	ita
problemas	noun	spa	guai	noun	ita
procedencia	noun	spa	provenienza	noun	ita
procedimiento	noun	spa	procedimento	noun	ita
procedimiento	noun	spa	procedura	noun	ita
procedimiento	noun	spa	procedura	noun	ita
procesador	noun	spa	processore	noun	ita
procesador	noun	spa	processore	noun	ita
procesamiento	noun	spa	lavorazione	noun	ita
procesión	noun	spa	processione	noun	ita
proceso	noun	spa	processo	noun	ita
proclamación	noun	spa	proclamazione	noun	ita
producción	noun	spa	produzione	noun	ita
productividad	noun	spa	produttività	noun	ita
productividad	noun	spa	produttività	noun	ita
productividad	noun	spa	produttività	noun	ita
producto	noun	spa	prodotto	noun	ita
producto básico	noun	spa	commodity	noun	ita
producto básico	noun	spa	commodity	noun	ita
producto básico	noun	spa	commodity	noun	ita
productor	noun	spa	produttore	noun	ita
profecía	noun	spa	profezia	noun	ita
profesional	noun	spa	professionista	noun	ita
profesional	noun	spa	professionista	noun	ita
profesional	noun	spa	professionista	noun	ita
profesión	noun	spa	professione	noun	ita
profesión	noun	spa	professione	noun	ita
profesor	noun	spa	professore	noun	ita
profesorado	noun	spa	corpo insegnante	noun	ita
profeta	noun	spa	profeta	noun	ita
profundidad	noun	spa	profondità	noun	ita
profundidad	noun	spa	profondità	noun	ita
profundidad	noun	spa	profondità	noun	ita
profundidad	noun	spa	profondità	noun	ita
profundización	noun	spa	approfondimento	noun	ita
programa	noun	spa	programma	noun	ita
programación	noun	spa	programmazione	noun	ita
programador	noun	spa	programmatore	noun	ita
programador	noun	spa	programmatore	noun	ita
progresismo	noun	spa	progressismo	noun	ita
progresión	noun	spa	progressione	noun	ita
progresión	noun	spa	progressione	noun	ita
progreso	noun	spa	progresso	noun	ita
prohibición	noun	spa	divieto	noun	ita
prohibición	noun	spa	divieto	noun	ita
prohibición	noun	spa	proibizione	noun	ita
proletario	noun	spa	proletario	noun	ita
proliferación	noun	spa	proliferazione	noun	ita
promedio	noun	spa	media	noun	ita
promedio	noun	spa	media	noun	ita
promedio	noun	spa	media	noun	ita
promesa	noun	spa	promessa	noun	ita
prominencia	noun	spa	preminenza	noun	ita
promoción	noun	spa	promozione	noun	ita
promulgación	noun	spa	promulgazione	noun	ita
pronombre	noun	spa	pronome	noun	ita
pronunciación	noun	spa	pronuncia	noun	ita
pronóstico	noun	spa	prognosi	noun	ita
pronóstico	noun	spa	prognosi	noun	ita
pronóstico	noun	spa	prognosi	noun	ita
propagación	noun	spa	propagazione	noun	ita
propaganda	noun	spa	propaganda	noun	ita
propensión	noun	spa	propensione	noun	ita
propiedad	noun	spa	proprietà	noun	ita
propiedad	noun	spa	proprietà	noun	ita
propiedad	noun	spa	proprietà	noun	ita
proporcionalidad	noun	spa	proporzionalità	noun	ita
proporcionalidad	noun	spa	proporzionalità	noun	ita
proporcionalidad	noun	spa	proporzionalità	noun	ita
proporción	noun	spa	proporzione	noun	ita
proposición	noun	spa	proposizione	noun	ita
propuesta	noun	spa	proposta	noun	ita
propulsión	noun	spa	propulsione	noun	ita
propulsión	noun	spa	propulsione	noun	ita
propósito	noun	spa	proposito	noun	ita
prosa	noun	spa	prosa	noun	ita
prosecución	noun	spa	prosecuzione	noun	ita
prosperidad	noun	spa	prosperità	noun	ita
prosperidad	noun	spa	prosperità	noun	ita
prosperidad	noun	spa	prosperità	noun	ita
prostitución	noun	spa	prostituzione	noun	ita
prostituta	noun	spa	prostituta	noun	ita
protagonista	noun	spa	protagonista	noun	ita
protagonista	noun	spa	protagonista	noun	ita
protagonista	noun	spa	protagonista	noun	ita
proteccionismo	noun	spa	protezionismo	noun	ita
protección	noun	spa	protezione	noun	ita
protector	noun	spa	protettore	noun	ita
protesta	noun	spa	protesta	noun	ita
protestante	noun	spa	protestante	noun	ita
protestantismo	noun	spa	protestantesimo	noun	ita
proteína	noun	spa	proteina	noun	ita
protocolo	noun	spa	protocollo	noun	ita
protocélula	noun	spa	protocellula	noun	ita
protocélula	noun	spa	protocella	noun	ita
prototipo	noun	spa	prototipo	noun	ita
protón	noun	spa	protone	noun	ita
protón	noun	spa	protone	noun	ita
provecho	noun	spa	profitto	noun	ita
proveedor	noun	spa	fornitore	noun	ita
provincia	noun	spa	provincia	noun	ita
provocación	noun	spa	provocazione	noun	ita
proximidad	noun	spa	vicinanza	noun	ita
proximidad	noun	spa	prossimità	noun	ita
proximidad	noun	spa	prossimità	noun	ita
proximidad	noun	spa	prossimità	noun	ita
proyección	noun	spa	proiezione	noun	ita
proyectil	noun	spa	proiettile	noun	ita
proyecto	noun	spa	progetto	noun	ita
proyecto	noun	spa	proietto	noun	ita
prudencia	noun	spa	prudenza	noun	ita
prueba	noun	spa	prova	noun	ita
prueba	noun	spa	prova	noun	ita
práctica	noun	spa	pratica	noun	ita
préstamo	noun	spa	prestito	noun	ita
príncipe	noun	spa	principe	noun	ita
príncipe	noun	spa	principe	noun	ita
prófugo	noun	spa	profugo	noun	ita
prórroga	noun	spa	proroga	noun	ita
próspera	noun	spa	prospera	noun	ita
próstata	noun	spa	prostata	noun	ita
prótesis	noun	spa	protesi	noun	ita
psicología	noun	spa	psicologia	noun	ita
psicosis	noun	spa	psicosi	noun	ita
psicólogo	noun	spa	psicologo	noun	ita
psicólogo	noun	spa	psicologo	noun	ita
psique	noun	spa	psiche	noun	ita
psique	noun	spa	psiche	noun	ita
psique	noun	spa	psiche	noun	ita
psiquiatra	noun	spa	psichiatra	noun	ita
psiquiatra	noun	spa	psichiatra	noun	ita
psiquiatra	noun	spa	psichiatra	noun	ita
psiquiatría	noun	spa	psichiatria	noun	ita
pubertad	noun	spa	pubertà	noun	ita
pubertad	noun	spa	pubertà	noun	ita
pubertad	noun	spa	pubertà	noun	ita
publicación	noun	spa	pubblicazione	noun	ita
publicidad	noun	spa	pubblicità	noun	ita
publicidad	noun	spa	pubblicità	noun	ita
publicidad	noun	spa	pubblicità	noun	ita
publicista	noun	spa	pubblicista	noun	ita
publicista	noun	spa	pubblicista	noun	ita
publicista	noun	spa	pubblicista	noun	ita
publicitario	noun	spa	pubblicitario	noun	ita
pudín	noun	spa	pudding	noun	ita
pudín	noun	spa	pudding	noun	ita
pudín	noun	spa	pudding	noun	ita
pueblo	noun	spa	popolo	noun	ita
puente	noun	spa	ponte	noun	ita
puerta	noun	spa	porta	noun	ita
puerto	noun	spa	porto	noun	ita
puja	noun	spa	rilancio	noun	ita
pulga	noun	spa	pulce	noun	ita
pulgada	noun	spa	pollice	noun	ita
pulgar	noun	spa	pollice	noun	ita
pulmón	noun	spa	polmone	noun	ita
pulmón	noun	spa	polmone	noun	ita
pulpo	noun	spa	polipo	noun	ita
pulsación	noun	spa	pulsazione	noun	ita
pulsera	noun	spa	braccialetto	noun	ita
pulso	noun	spa	polso	noun	ita
pulverización	noun	spa	polverizzazione	noun	ita
punk	noun	spa	punk	noun	ita
punta	noun	spa	punta	noun	ita
puntaje	noun	spa	punteggio	noun	ita
punto	noun	spa	punto	noun	ita
punto	noun	spa	puntino	noun	ita
puntuación	noun	spa	punteggio	noun	ita
puntualización	noun	spa	precisazione	noun	ita
pupila	noun	spa	pupilla	noun	ita
purificación	noun	spa	purificazione	noun	ita
pus	noun	spa	pus	noun	ita
pus	noun	spa	pus	noun	ita
pus	noun	spa	pus	noun	ita
puta	noun	spa	puttana	noun	ita
puzzle	noun	spa	rompicapi	noun	ita
puñado	noun	spa	sacco	noun	ita
puñado	noun	spa	sacco	noun	ita
puñado	noun	spa	manciata	noun	ita
puño	noun	spa	pugno	noun	ita
página	noun	spa	pagina	noun	ita
pájaro	noun	spa	passero	noun	ita
pájaro	noun	spa	uccello	noun	ita
páncreas	noun	spa	pancreas	noun	ita
pánico	noun	spa	panico	noun	ita
párpado	noun	spa	palpebra	noun	ita
párrafo	noun	spa	paragrafo	noun	ita
péndulo	noun	spa	pendolo	noun	ita
pérdida	noun	spa	perdita	noun	ita
pétalo	noun	spa	petalo	noun	ita
pétalo	noun	spa	petalo	noun	ita
píldora	noun	spa	pillola	noun	ita
píldora	noun	spa	pillola	noun	ita
píxel	noun	spa	pixel	noun	ita
píxel	noun	spa	pixel	noun	ita
píxel	noun	spa	pixel	noun	ita
pólipo	noun	spa	polipo	noun	ita
póliza	noun	spa	polizza	noun	ita
póster	noun	spa	poster	noun	ita
póster	noun	spa	poster	noun	ita
póster	noun	spa	poster	noun	ita
público	noun	spa	pubblico	noun	ita
quad	noun	spa	quad	noun	ita
quad	noun	spa	quad	noun	ita
quad	noun	spa	quad	noun	ita
quark	noun	spa	quark	noun	ita
quark	noun	spa	quark	noun	ita
quark	noun	spa	quark	noun	ita
queja	noun	spa	lamentela	noun	ita
quemadura	noun	spa	bruciatura	noun	ita
querubín	noun	spa	cherubino	noun	ita
queso	noun	spa	formaggio	noun	ita
quiebra	noun	spa	fallimento	noun	ita
quijada	noun	spa	mandibola	noun	ita
quilate	noun	spa	carato	noun	ita
quimera	noun	spa	chimera	noun	ita
quimioterapia	noun	spa	chemioterapia	noun	ita
quimioterapia	noun	spa	chemioterapia	noun	ita
quiniela	noun	spa	totocalcio	noun	ita
quiniela	noun	spa	totocalcio	noun	ita
quiniela	noun	spa	totocalcio	noun	ita
quiosco	noun	spa	chiosco	noun	ita
quiste	noun	spa	cisti	noun	ita
quiste	noun	spa	cisti	noun	ita
quiste	noun	spa	cisti	noun	ita
quiste	noun	spa	ciste	noun	ita
quo	noun	spa	quo	noun	ita
quo	noun	spa	quo	noun	ita
química	noun	spa	chimica	noun	ita
químico	noun	spa	chimico	noun	ita
rabia	noun	spa	rabbia	noun	ita
rabino	noun	spa	rabbino	noun	ita
racimo	noun	spa	grappolo	noun	ita
racionalidad	noun	spa	razionalità	noun	ita
racionalidad	noun	spa	razionalità	noun	ita
racionalidad	noun	spa	razionalità	noun	ita
racionalización	noun	spa	razionalizzazione	noun	ita
racismo	noun	spa	razzismo	noun	ita
radar	noun	spa	radar	noun	ita
radar	noun	spa	radar	noun	ita
radar	noun	spa	radar	noun	ita
radiación	noun	spa	radiazione	noun	ita
radiactividad	noun	spa	radioattività	noun	ita
radiactividad	noun	spa	radioattività	noun	ita
radiactividad	noun	spa	radioattività	noun	ita
radicación	noun	spa	radicazione	noun	ita
radio	noun	spa	radio	noun	ita
radio	noun	spa	radio	noun	ita
radio	noun	spa	radio	noun	ita
radiografía	noun	spa	radiografia	noun	ita
radionavegación	noun	spa	radionavigazione	noun	ita
rally	noun	spa	rally	noun	ita
rama	noun	spa	ramo	noun	ita
ramal	noun	spa	diramazione	noun	ita
ramificación	noun	spa	ramificazione	noun	ita
ramo	noun	spa	ramo	noun	ita
ramo	noun	spa	mazzo	noun	ita
rana	noun	spa	rana	noun	ita
rana	noun	spa	rana	noun	ita
randomización	noun	spa	randomizzazione	noun	ita
rango	noun	spa	rango	noun	ita
rap	noun	spa	rap	noun	ita
rap	noun	spa	rap	noun	ita
rapidez	noun	spa	rapidità	noun	ita
rapidez	noun	spa	rapidità	noun	ita
rapidez	noun	spa	rapidità	noun	ita
raptor	noun	spa	rapitore	noun	ita
rareza	noun	spa	rarità	noun	ita
rareza	noun	spa	rarità	noun	ita
rareza	noun	spa	rarità	noun	ita
rascacielos	noun	spa	grattacielo	noun	ita
rascacielos	noun	spa	grattacielo	noun	ita
rascacielos	noun	spa	grattacielo	noun	ita
rasgo	noun	spa	tratto	noun	ita
rastreo	noun	spa	tracciamento	noun	ita
rastro	noun	spa	traccia	noun	ita
rata	noun	spa	topo	noun	ita
rata	noun	spa	ratto	noun	ita
ratio	noun	spa	rapporto	noun	ita
rato	noun	spa	momento	noun	ita
ratón	noun	spa	mouse	noun	ita
raya	noun	spa	linea	noun	ita
rayo	noun	spa	fulmine	noun	ita
raza	noun	spa	razza	noun	ita
razonamiento	noun	spa	ragionamento	noun	ita
razón	noun	spa	ragione	noun	ita
raíl	noun	spa	rotaia	noun	ita
raíz	noun	spa	radice	noun	ita
reacción	noun	spa	reazione	noun	ita
reactivación	noun	spa	riattivazione	noun	ita
reactividad	noun	spa	reattività	noun	ita
reactividad	noun	spa	reattività	noun	ita
reactividad	noun	spa	reattività	noun	ita
reactor	noun	spa	reattore	noun	ita
reagrupación	noun	spa	ricongiungimento	noun	ita
realidad	noun	spa	realtà	noun	ita
realidad	noun	spa	realtà	noun	ita
realidad	noun	spa	realtà	noun	ita
realismo	noun	spa	realismo	noun	ita
realización	noun	spa	realizzazione	noun	ita
reanudación	noun	spa	ripresa	noun	ita
reanudación	noun	spa	rielaborazione	noun	ita
rebelión	noun	spa	ribellione	noun	ita
rebelión	noun	spa	rivolta	noun	ita
recalificación	noun	spa	riqualificazione	noun	ita
recapitalización	noun	spa	ricapitalizzazione	noun	ita
recargo	noun	spa	soprattassa	noun	ita
recaudación	noun	spa	ricavo	noun	ita
recepción	noun	spa	ricezione	noun	ita
receptividad	noun	spa	ricettività	noun	ita
receptividad	noun	spa	ricettività	noun	ita
receptividad	noun	spa	ricettività	noun	ita
receptor	noun	spa	ricevitore	noun	ita
receptor	noun	spa	ricettore	noun	ita
recesión	noun	spa	recessione	noun	ita
receta	noun	spa	ricetta	noun	ita
recibo de sueldo	noun	spa	busta paga	noun	ita
recibo de sueldo	noun	spa	prospetto paga	noun	ita
recibo de sueldo	noun	spa	cedolino paga	noun	ita
reciclaje	noun	spa	riciclaggio	noun	ita
reciclaje	noun	spa	riciclaggio	noun	ita
recinto	noun	spa	recinto	noun	ita
recipiente	noun	spa	contenitore	noun	ita
recitación	noun	spa	recitazione	noun	ita
recital	noun	spa	recital	noun	ita
reclamación	noun	spa	reclamo	noun	ita
recluso	noun	spa	recluso	noun	ita
reclutamiento	noun	spa	coscrizione	noun	ita
reclutamiento	noun	spa	reclutamento	noun	ita
recogida	noun	spa	raccolta	noun	ita
recolección	noun	spa	raccolta	noun	ita
recolector	noun	spa	raccoglitore	noun	ita
recombinación	noun	spa	ricombinazione	noun	ita
recomendación	noun	spa	raccomandazione	noun	ita
reconciliación	noun	spa	riconciliazione	noun	ita
reconocimiento	noun	spa	riconoscimento	noun	ita
reconocimiento	noun	spa	visita	noun	ita
reconocimiento	noun	spa	ricognizione	noun	ita
reconsideración	noun	spa	riconsiderazione	noun	ita
reconstitución	noun	spa	ricostituzione	noun	ita
reconstrucción	noun	spa	ricostruzione	noun	ita
recordatorio	noun	spa	promemoria	noun	ita
recorte	noun	spa	ritaglio	noun	ita
recreación	noun	spa	ricreazione	noun	ita
recta	noun	spa	retta	noun	ita
recta	noun	spa	retta	noun	ita
rectificación	noun	spa	rettificazione	noun	ita
recto	noun	spa	retto	noun	ita
rectorado	noun	spa	rettorato	noun	ita
rectángulo	noun	spa	rettangolo	noun	ita
rectángulo	noun	spa	rettangolo	noun	ita
recubrimiento	noun	spa	rivestimento	noun	ita
recuento	noun	spa	conteggio	noun	ita
recuerdo	noun	spa	ricordo	noun	ita
recuperación	noun	spa	recupero	noun	ita
recuperación	noun	spa	ripristino	noun	ita
recurrencia	noun	spa	ricorrenza	noun	ita
recurso	noun	spa	risorsa	noun	ita
recurso	noun	spa	ricorso	noun	ita
red	noun	spa	rete	noun	ita
red	noun	spa	network	noun	ita
red	noun	spa	network	noun	ita
red	noun	spa	network	noun	ita
redacción	noun	spa	redazione	noun	ita
redacción	noun	spa	redazione	noun	ita
redada	noun	spa	retata	noun	ita
redefinición	noun	spa	ridefinizione	noun	ita
redistribución	noun	spa	redistribuzione	noun	ita
redistribución	noun	spa	ridistribuzione	noun	ita
redondeo	noun	spa	arrotondamento	noun	ita
reducción	noun	spa	riduzione	noun	ita
reducción	noun	spa	abbuono	noun	ita
redundancia	noun	spa	ridondanza	noun	ita
reedición	noun	spa	riedizione	noun	ita
reelección	noun	spa	rielezione	noun	ita
reembolso	noun	spa	rimborso	noun	ita
reemplazo	noun	spa	sostituzione	noun	ita
reencarnación	noun	spa	reincarnazione	noun	ita
reequilibrio	noun	spa	riequilibriazione	noun	ita
reequilibrio	noun	spa	ribilanciamento	noun	ita
reequilibrio	noun	spa	riequilibrio	noun	ita
reestructuración	noun	spa	ristrutturazione	noun	ita
referencia	noun	spa	riferimento	noun	ita
referente	noun	spa	referente	noun	ita
referimiento	noun	spa	riferimento	noun	ita
referéndum	noun	spa	referendum	noun	ita
referéndum	noun	spa	referendum	noun	ita
referéndum	noun	spa	referendum	noun	ita
refinación	noun	spa	raffinazione	noun	ita
refinanciación	noun	spa	rifinanziamento	noun	ita
refinería	noun	spa	raffineria	noun	ita
reflector	noun	spa	riflettore	noun	ita
reflejo	noun	spa	rispecchio	noun	ita
reflejo	noun	spa	riflesso	noun	ita
reflexión	noun	spa	riflessione	noun	ita
reforestación	noun	spa	riforestazione	noun	ita
reforma	noun	spa	riforma	noun	ita
reformulación	noun	spa	riformulazione	noun	ita
refracción	noun	spa	rifrazione	noun	ita
refrigeración	noun	spa	refrigerazione	noun	ita
refrigerador	noun	spa	frigorifero	noun	ita
refuerzo	noun	spa	rafforzamento	noun	ita
refugiado	noun	spa	rifugiato	noun	ita
refugiado	noun	spa	profugo	noun	ita
refugiado	adjective	spa	rifugiato	adjective	ita
refugio	noun	spa	rifugio	noun	ita
refugio	noun	spa	rifugio	noun	ita
refundación	noun	spa	rifondazione	noun	ita
regalo	noun	spa	regalo	noun	ita
regata	noun	spa	regata	noun	ita
regazo	noun	spa	grembo	noun	ita
regazo	noun	spa	grembo	noun	ita
regencia	noun	spa	reggenza	noun	ita
regeneración	noun	spa	rigenerazione	noun	ita
registración	noun	spa	perquisizione	noun	ita
registrador	noun	spa	registratore	noun	ita
registrador	noun	spa	registratore	noun	ita
registrador	noun	spa	registratore	noun	ita
registro	noun	spa	registro	noun	ita
región	noun	spa	regione	noun	ita
regla	noun	spa	regola	noun	ita
regla	noun	spa	principio	noun	ita
reglamentación	noun	spa	regolamentazione	noun	ita
reglamentador	noun	spa	normativo	noun	ita
reglamento	noun	spa	regolamento	noun	ita
regulación	noun	spa	regolamento	noun	ita
regulación	noun	spa	regolazione	noun	ita
regularidad	noun	spa	regolarità	noun	ita
regularidad	noun	spa	regolarità	noun	ita
regularidad	noun	spa	regolarità	noun	ita
regularización	noun	spa	regolarizzazione	noun	ita
rehabilitación	noun	spa	riabilitazione	noun	ita
rehén	noun	spa	ostaggio	noun	ita
rehén	noun	spa	ostaggio	noun	ita
rehén	noun	spa	ostaggio	noun	ita
reinserción	noun	spa	reinserimento	noun	ita
reintroducción	noun	spa	reintroduzione	noun	ita
reivindicación	noun	spa	rivendicazione	noun	ita
relación	noun	spa	relazione	noun	ita
relajación	noun	spa	rilassamento	noun	ita
relatividad	noun	spa	relatività	noun	ita
relatividad	noun	spa	relatività	noun	ita
relatividad	noun	spa	relatività	noun	ita
relato	noun	spa	racconto	noun	ita
relato	noun	spa	storia	noun	ita
relevancia	noun	spa	rilevanza	noun	ita
relieve	noun	spa	rilievo	noun	ita
religiosidad	noun	spa	religiosità	noun	ita
religiosidad	noun	spa	religiosità	noun	ita
religiosidad	noun	spa	religiosità	noun	ita
religioso	noun	spa	religioso	noun	ita
religión	noun	spa	religione	noun	ita
reliquia	noun	spa	reliquia	noun	ita
reloj	noun	spa	orologio	noun	ita
remedio	noun	spa	rimedio	noun	ita
remesa	noun	spa	spedizione	noun	ita
remezcla	noun	spa	remix	noun	ita
remezcla	noun	spa	remix	noun	ita
remezcla	noun	spa	remix	noun	ita
remo	noun	spa	remo	noun	ita
remoción	noun	spa	rimozione	noun	ita
remolacha	noun	spa	barbabietola	noun	ita
remolque	noun	spa	rimorchio	noun	ita
remolque	noun	spa	roulotte	noun	ita
remordimiento	noun	spa	rimorso	noun	ita
remordimiento	noun	spa	rimorso	noun	ita
remuneración	noun	spa	remunerazione	noun	ita
renacimiento	noun	spa	rinascimento	noun	ita
rendición	noun	spa	resa	noun	ita
rendimiento	noun	spa	performance	noun	ita
rendimiento	noun	spa	rendimento	noun	ita
renovación	noun	spa	rinnovo	noun	ita
renovación	noun	spa	rinnovo	noun	ita
renovación	noun	spa	ricambio	noun	ita
renta	noun	spa	reddito	noun	ita
renta	noun	spa	reddito	noun	ita
rentabilidad	noun	spa	redditività	noun	ita
rentabilidad	noun	spa	redditività	noun	ita
rentabilidad	noun	spa	redditività	noun	ita
reorganización	noun	spa	riorganizzazione	noun	ita
reparación	noun	spa	riparazione	noun	ita
repartimiento	noun	spa	ripartizione	noun	ita
reparto	noun	spa	riparto	noun	ita
repercusión	noun	spa	ripercussione	noun	ita
repertorio	noun	spa	repertorio	noun	ita
repertorio	noun	spa	repertorio	noun	ita
repetición	noun	spa	ripetizione	noun	ita
repetidor	noun	spa	ripetitore	noun	ita
reportaje	noun	spa	servizio	noun	ita
reportero	noun	spa	giornalista	noun	ita
representación	noun	spa	rappresentazione	noun	ita
representación	noun	spa	raffigurazione	noun	ita
representante	noun	spa	rappresentante	noun	ita
represión	noun	spa	repressione	noun	ita
reproche	noun	spa	rimprovero	noun	ita
reproducción	noun	spa	riproduzione	noun	ita
reprogramación	noun	spa	riprogrammazione	noun	ita
reproposición	noun	spa	riproposizione	noun	ita
reptil	noun	spa	rettile	noun	ita
republicación	noun	spa	ripubblicazione	noun	ita
repugnancia	noun	spa	ripugnanza	noun	ita
repulsión	noun	spa	repulsione	noun	ita
reputación	noun	spa	reputazione	noun	ita
república	noun	spa	repubblica	noun	ita
república	noun	spa	repubblica	noun	ita
requerimiento	noun	spa	requisito	noun	ita
requisición	noun	spa	requisizione	noun	ita
requisito	noun	spa	requisito	noun	ita
rescate	noun	spa	salvataggio	noun	ita
reserva	noun	spa	riserva	noun	ita
reservación	noun	spa	riservazione	noun	ita
resfriado	noun	spa	raffreddore	noun	ita
residencia	noun	spa	residenza	noun	ita
residuo	noun	spa	residuo	noun	ita
resignación	noun	spa	rassegnazione	noun	ita
resiliencia	noun	spa	resilienza	noun	ita
resina	noun	spa	resina	noun	ita
resistencia	noun	spa	resilienza	noun	ita
resistencia	noun	spa	resistenza	noun	ita
resolución	noun	spa	risoluzione	noun	ita
resonancia	noun	spa	risonanza	noun	ita
resonancia	noun	spa	risonanza	noun	ita
resorte	noun	spa	molla	noun	ita
respaldo	noun	spa	schienale	noun	ita
respaldo	noun	spa	sostegno	noun	ita
respecto	noun	spa	riguardo	noun	ita
respeto	noun	spa	rispetto	noun	ita
respiración	noun	spa	respirazione	noun	ita
responsabilidad	noun	spa	responsabilità	noun	ita
responsabilidad	noun	spa	responsabilità	noun	ita
responsabilidad	noun	spa	responsabilità	noun	ita
responsable	noun	spa	responsabile	noun	ita
respuesta	noun	spa	risposta	noun	ita
resta	noun	spa	sottrazione	noun	ita
restablecimiento	noun	spa	ripristino	noun	ita
restauración	noun	spa	restaurazione	noun	ita
restauración	noun	spa	ristorazione	noun	ita
restauración	noun	spa	ristrutturazione	noun	ita
restaurante	noun	spa	ristorante	noun	ita
restitución	noun	spa	restituzione	noun	ita
resto	noun	spa	resto	noun	ita
restricción	noun	spa	restrizione	noun	ita
resultado	noun	spa	risultato	noun	ita
resumen	noun	spa	riassunto	noun	ita
resurrección	noun	spa	resurrezione	noun	ita
resurrección	noun	spa	risurrezione	noun	ita
retablo	noun	spa	pala	noun	ita
reticencia	noun	spa	riluttanza	noun	ita
retina	noun	spa	retina	noun	ita
retirada	noun	spa	prelevato	noun	ita
reto	noun	spa	sfida	noun	ita
retoque	noun	spa	ritocco	noun	ita
retorno	noun	spa	ritorno	noun	ita
retraso	noun	spa	ritardo	noun	ita
retrato	noun	spa	ritratto	noun	ita
retribución	noun	spa	retribuzione	noun	ita
retroactividad	noun	spa	retroazione	noun	ita
retroalimentación	noun	spa	feedback	noun	ita
retroalimentación	noun	spa	feedback	noun	ita
retroalimentación	noun	spa	feedback	noun	ita
retórica	noun	spa	retorica	noun	ita
reumatismo	noun	spa	reumatismo	noun	ita
reunificación	noun	spa	riunificazione	noun	ita
reunión	noun	spa	riunione	noun	ita
revaluación	noun	spa	rivalutazione	noun	ita
revelación	noun	spa	rivelazione	noun	ita
revisitación	noun	spa	rivisitazione	noun	ita
revisión	noun	spa	revisione	noun	ita
revisión	noun	spa	rassegna	noun	ita
revista	noun	spa	rivista	noun	ita
revitalización	noun	spa	rivitalizzazione	noun	ita
revitalización	noun	spa	rivitalizzazione	noun	ita
revolución	noun	spa	rivoluzione	noun	ita
revuelo	noun	spa	agitamento	noun	ita
revés	adjective	spa	rovescio	adjective	ita
revés	adjective	spa	rovescio	adjective	ita
revés	adjective	spa	rovescio	adjective	ita
revólver	noun	spa	rivoltella	noun	ita
rey	noun	spa	re	noun	ita
riada	noun	spa	inondazione	noun	ita
riego	noun	spa	irrigazione	noun	ita
riego	noun	spa	irrigazione	noun	ita
riesgo	noun	spa	rischio	noun	ita
riesgo	noun	spa	rischio	noun	ita
rigidez	noun	spa	rigidità	noun	ita
rigidez	noun	spa	rigidità	noun	ita
rigidez	noun	spa	rigidità	noun	ita
rigor	noun	spa	rigore	noun	ita
rima	noun	spa	rima	noun	ita
rincón	noun	spa	angolo	noun	ita
riqueza	noun	spa	ricchezza	noun	ita
risa	noun	spa	risata	noun	ita
ritme	noun	spa	ritme	noun	ita
ritmo	noun	spa	ritmo	noun	ita
ritmo	noun	spa	andatura	noun	ita
rito	noun	spa	rito	noun	ita
ritual	noun	spa	rituale	noun	ita
rivalidad	noun	spa	rivalità	noun	ita
rivalidad	noun	spa	rivalità	noun	ita
rivalidad	noun	spa	rivalità	noun	ita
riñón	noun	spa	rene	noun	ita
roble	noun	spa	quercia	noun	ita
robo	noun	spa	furto	noun	ita
robot	noun	spa	robot	noun	ita
robot	noun	spa	robot	noun	ita
robot	noun	spa	robot	noun	ita
robótica	noun	spa	robotica	noun	ita
roca	noun	spa	roccia	noun	ita
roce	noun	spa	attrito	noun	ita
rock	noun	spa	rock	noun	ita
rodilla	noun	spa	ginocchio	noun	ita
rodilla	noun	spa	ginocchio	noun	ita
rodilla	noun	spa	ginocchio	noun	ita
rodilla	noun	spa	ginocchio	noun	ita
rodilla	noun	spa	ginocchio	noun	ita
rojo	noun	spa	rosso	noun	ita
rol	noun	spa	ruolo	noun	ita
romance	noun	spa	romanzo	noun	ita
romance	noun	spa	romanzo	noun	ita
romanización	noun	spa	romanizzazione	noun	ita
romanticismo	noun	spa	romanticismo	noun	ita
rombo	noun	spa	rombo	noun	ita
romero	noun	spa	rosmarino	noun	ita
romero	noun	spa	rosmarino	noun	ita
romero	noun	spa	rosmarino	noun	ita
romería	noun	spa	pellegrinaggio	noun	ita
rompecabezas	noun	spa	puzzle	noun	ita
rompecabezas	noun	spa	rompicapo	noun	ita
rompecabezas	noun	spa	rompicapo	noun	ita
rompecabezas	noun	spa	rompicapo	noun	ita
ronda	noun	spa	ronda	noun	ita
ropa	noun	spa	vestiti	noun	ita
ropa	noun	spa	vestiti	noun	ita
ropa	noun	spa	vestiti	noun	ita
ropa de cama	noun	spa	biancheria	noun	ita
rosa	noun	spa	rosa	noun	ita
rosario	noun	spa	rosario	noun	ita
rostro	noun	spa	viso	noun	ita
rostro	noun	spa	volto	noun	ita
rotación	noun	spa	rotazione	noun	ita
rotonda	noun	spa	rotonda	noun	ita
rpm	noun	spa	rpm	noun	ita
rubí	noun	spa	rubino	noun	ita
rueda	noun	spa	ruota	noun	ita
rueda	noun	spa	rotella	noun	ita
ruido	noun	spa	rumore	noun	ita
ruina	noun	spa	rovina	noun	ita
ruiseñor	noun	spa	usignolo	noun	ita
ruleta	noun	spa	roulette	noun	ita
ruleta	noun	spa	roulette	noun	ita
ruleta	noun	spa	roulette	noun	ita
rumbo	noun	spa	rotta	noun	ita
rumor	noun	spa	rumor	noun	ita
rupia	noun	spa	rupia	noun	ita
ruptura	noun	spa	rottura	noun	ita
ruptura	noun	spa	frattura	noun	ita
ruso	noun	spa	russo	noun	ita
ruso	noun	spa	russo	noun	ita
ruso	noun	spa	russo	noun	ita
ruta	noun	spa	rotta	noun	ita
ruta	noun	spa	tragitto	noun	ita
rutina	noun	spa	routine	noun	ita
rutina	noun	spa	routine	noun	ita
rutina	noun	spa	routine	noun	ita
récord	noun	spa	record	noun	ita
récord	noun	spa	record	noun	ita
récord	noun	spa	record	noun	ita
rédito	noun	spa	rendimento	noun	ita
régimen	noun	spa	regime	noun	ita
réplica	noun	spa	replicazione	noun	ita
réquiem	noun	spa	requiem	noun	ita
réquiem	noun	spa	requiem	noun	ita
réquiem	noun	spa	requiem	noun	ita
río	noun	spa	fiume	noun	ita
sabana	noun	spa	savana	noun	ita
saber	noun	spa	sapere	noun	ita
sabiduría	noun	spa	sapienza	noun	ita
sabiduría	noun	spa	saggezza	noun	ita
sabio	noun	spa	saggio	noun	ita
sable	noun	spa	sciabola	noun	ita
sabor	noun	spa	sapore	noun	ita
sabor	noun	spa	sapore	noun	ita
sabor	noun	spa	sapore	noun	ita
sabotaje	noun	spa	sabotaggio	noun	ita
saca	noun	spa	sacca	noun	ita
sacapuntas	noun	spa	temperino	noun	ita
sacapuntas	noun	spa	temperino	noun	ita
sacapuntas	noun	spa	temperino	noun	ita
sacerdocio	noun	spa	sacerdozio	noun	ita
sacerdote	noun	spa	sacerdote	noun	ita
saco	noun	spa	sacco	noun	ita
sacramento	noun	spa	sacramento	noun	ita
sacrificio	noun	spa	sacrificio	noun	ita
sacudida	noun	spa	scossa	noun	ita
sadismo	noun	spa	sadismo	noun	ita
sado	noun	spa	snuff	noun	ita
saga	noun	spa	saga	noun	ita
sal	noun	spa	sale	noun	ita
sala	noun	spa	sala	noun	ita
sala de estar	noun	spa	salotto	noun	ita
salami	noun	spa	salame	noun	ita
salario	noun	spa	salario	noun	ita
saldo	noun	spa	saldo	noun	ita
salida	noun	spa	partenza	noun	ita
salina	noun	spa	salina	noun	ita
salinidad	noun	spa	salinità	noun	ita
salinidad	noun	spa	salinità	noun	ita
salinidad	noun	spa	salinità	noun	ita
saliva	noun	spa	saliva	noun	ita
salmón	noun	spa	salmone	noun	ita
salmón	noun	spa	salmone	noun	ita
salsa	noun	spa	salsa	noun	ita
salsa	noun	spa	sugo	noun	ita
salto	noun	spa	salto	noun	ita
salto	noun	spa	balzo	noun	ita
salud	noun	spa	salute	noun	ita
saludo	noun	spa	saluto	noun	ita
salvación	noun	spa	salvezza	noun	ita
salvado	noun	spa	crusca	noun	ita
salvador	noun	spa	salvatore	noun	ita
salvamento	noun	spa	salvataggio	noun	ita
salvedad	noun	spa	condizione	noun	ita
salón	noun	spa	lounge	noun	ita
sanción	noun	spa	sanzione	noun	ita
sandwich	noun	spa	panino	noun	ita
bocadillo	noun	spa	panino	noun	ita
saneamiento	noun	spa	risanamento	noun	ita
sangre	noun	spa	sangue	noun	ita
sanguijuela	noun	spa	sanguisuga	noun	ita
sanidad	noun	spa	sanità	noun	ita
sanidad	noun	spa	sanità	noun	ita
sanidad	noun	spa	sanità	noun	ita
sanitario	noun	spa	sanitario	noun	ita
santidad	noun	spa	santità	noun	ita
santidad	noun	spa	santità	noun	ita
santidad	noun	spa	santità	noun	ita
santo	noun	spa	santo	noun	ita
sarampión	noun	spa	morbillo	noun	ita
sarampión	noun	spa	morbillo	noun	ita
sarcasmo	noun	spa	sarcasmo	noun	ita
sarcástico	noun	spa	sarcástico	noun	ita
sarcófago	noun	spa	sarcofago	noun	ita
sardina	noun	spa	sardina	noun	ita
sargento	noun	spa	sergente	noun	ita
satisfacción	noun	spa	soddisfazione	noun	ita
saturación	noun	spa	saturazione	noun	ita
satélite	noun	spa	satellite	noun	ita
satélite	noun	spa	satellite	noun	ita
sauce	noun	spa	salice	noun	ita
sauna	noun	spa	sauna	noun	ita
sección	noun	spa	sezione	noun	ita
secreción	noun	spa	secrezione	noun	ita
secretario	noun	spa	segretario	noun	ita
secreto	noun	spa	segreto	noun	ita
secta	noun	spa	setta	noun	ita
sector	noun	spa	settore	noun	ita
secuela	noun	spa	sequela	noun	ita
secuencia	noun	spa	sequenza	noun	ita
secuenciación	noun	spa	sequenziamento	noun	ita
secularización	noun	spa	secolarizzazione	noun	ita
secuoya	noun	spa	secuoya	noun	ita
secuoya	noun	spa	sequoia	noun	ita
seda	noun	spa	seta	noun	ita
sede	noun	spa	sede	noun	ita
sedimentación	noun	spa	sedimentazione	noun	ita
segmentación	noun	spa	segmentazione	noun	ita
segmento	noun	spa	segmento	noun	ita
segregación	noun	spa	segregazione	noun	ita
seguidor	noun	spa	seguace	noun	ita
seguidor	noun	spa	seguace	noun	ita
seguidor	noun	spa	seguace	noun	ita
seguimiento	noun	spa	monitoraggio	noun	ita
seguimiento	noun	spa	tracciamento	noun	ita
segundo	noun	spa	secondo	noun	ita
seguridad	noun	spa	sicurezza	noun	ita
seguro	noun	spa	assicurazione	noun	ita
seguro	noun	spa	assicurazione	noun	ita
selección	noun	spa	selezione	noun	ita
sello	noun	spa	francobollo	noun	ita
selva	noun	spa	giungla	noun	ita
semana	noun	spa	settimana	noun	ita
semestre	noun	spa	semestre	noun	ita
semestre	noun	spa	semestre	noun	ita
semicírculo	noun	spa	semicerchio	noun	ita
semilla	noun	spa	seme	noun	ita
seminario	noun	spa	seminario	noun	ita
semáforo	noun	spa	semaforo	noun	ita
semántica	noun	spa	semantica	noun	ita
senado	noun	spa	senato	noun	ita
senador	noun	spa	senatore	noun	ita
sencillez	noun	spa	semplicità	noun	ita
sencillez	noun	spa	semplicità	noun	ita
sencillez	noun	spa	semplicità	noun	ita
senda	noun	spa	cammino	noun	ita
sendero	noun	spa	percorso	noun	ita
sendero	noun	spa	sentiero	noun	ita
sendos	noun	spa	entrambi	noun	ita
seno	noun	spa	seno	noun	ita
sensación	noun	spa	sensazione	noun	ita
sensatez	noun	spa	buon senso	noun	ita
sensatez	noun	spa	buon senso	noun	ita
sensatez	noun	spa	buon senso	noun	ita
sensibilidad	noun	spa	sensibilità	noun	ita
sensibilidad	noun	spa	sensibilità	noun	ita
sensibilidad	noun	spa	sensibilità	noun	ita
sensor	noun	spa	sensore	noun	ita
sensualidad	noun	spa	sensualità	noun	ita
sensualidad	noun	spa	sensualità	noun	ita
sensualidad	noun	spa	sensualità	noun	ita
sentencia	noun	spa	sentenza	noun	ita
sentido	noun	spa	senso	noun	ita
sentido común	noun	spa	buonsenso	noun	ita
sentimiento	noun	spa	sentimento	noun	ita
seo	noun	spa	cattedrale	noun	ita
separación	noun	spa	separazione	noun	ita
separatista	noun	spa	secessionista	noun	ita
separatista	noun	spa	secessionista	noun	ita
separatista	noun	spa	secessionista	noun	ita
sepelio	noun	spa	sepoltura	noun	ita
septiembre	noun	spa	settembre	noun	ita
septiembre	noun	spa	settembre	noun	ita
sepultura	noun	spa	sepoltura	noun	ita
sequía	noun	spa	siccità	noun	ita
sequía	noun	spa	siccità	noun	ita
sequía	noun	spa	siccità	noun	ita
ser	noun	spa	essere	noun	ita
serenidad	noun	spa	serenità	noun	ita
serenidad	noun	spa	serenità	noun	ita
serenidad	noun	spa	serenità	noun	ita
serie	noun	spa	serie	noun	ita
serie	noun	spa	serie	noun	ita
serie	noun	spa	serie	noun	ita
seriedad	noun	spa	serietà	noun	ita
seriedad	noun	spa	serietà	noun	ita
seriedad	noun	spa	serietà	noun	ita
sermón	noun	spa	sermone	noun	ita
serotonina	noun	spa	serotonina	noun	ita
serotonina	noun	spa	serotonina	noun	ita
serpiente	noun	spa	serpente	noun	ita
servicio	noun	spa	servizio	noun	ita
servidor	noun	spa	servo	noun	ita
servidor	noun	spa	server	noun	ita
servidumbre	noun	spa	servitù	noun	ita
servidumbre	noun	spa	servitù	noun	ita
servidumbre	noun	spa	servitù	noun	ita
sesgo	noun	spa	distorsione	noun	ita
sesión	noun	spa	sessione	noun	ita
seto	noun	spa	siepe	noun	ita
sexismo	noun	spa	sessismo	noun	ita
sexo	noun	spa	sesso	noun	ita
sexto	noun	spa	sesto	noun	ita
sexualidad	noun	spa	sessualità	noun	ita
sexualidad	noun	spa	sessualità	noun	ita
sexualidad	noun	spa	sessualità	noun	ita
seísmo	noun	spa	sisma	noun	ita
señal	noun	spa	segnale	noun	ita
señal	noun	spa	segnale	noun	ita
señalización	noun	spa	segnalazione	noun	ita
señor	noun	spa	signore	noun	ita
shock	noun	spa	shock	noun	ita
shock	noun	spa	shock	noun	ita
shock	noun	spa	shock	noun	ita
show	noun	spa	show	noun	ita
show	noun	spa	show	noun	ita
show	noun	spa	show	noun	ita
sida	noun	spa	aids	noun	ita
sida	noun	spa	aids	noun	ita
sida	noun	spa	aids	noun	ita
sigla	noun	spa	sigla	noun	ita
siglo	noun	spa	secolo	noun	ita
significación	noun	spa	significazione	noun	ita
significado	noun	spa	significato	noun	ita
signo	noun	spa	segno	noun	ita
silbido	noun	spa	fischio	noun	ita
silencio	noun	spa	silenzio	noun	ita
silicio	noun	spa	silicio	noun	ita
silla	noun	spa	sedia	noun	ita
simbiosis	noun	spa	simbiosi	noun	ita
simbolismo	noun	spa	simbolismo	noun	ita
simetría	noun	spa	simmetria	noun	ita
simetría	noun	spa	simmetria	noun	ita
similitud	noun	spa	similarità	noun	ita
similitud	noun	spa	similarità	noun	ita
similitud	noun	spa	similarità	noun	ita
similitud	noun	spa	somiglianza	noun	ita
simio	noun	spa	scimmia	noun	ita
simpatizante	noun	spa	simpatizzante	noun	ita
simpatía	noun	spa	simpatia	noun	ita
simplicidad	noun	spa	semplicità	noun	ita
simplicidad	noun	spa	semplicità	noun	ita
simplicidad	noun	spa	semplicità	noun	ita
simplificación	noun	spa	semplificazione	noun	ita
simulación	noun	spa	simulazione	noun	ita
simulador	noun	spa	simulatore	noun	ita
simulador	noun	spa	simulatore	noun	ita
simulador	noun	spa	simulatore	noun	ita
sin hogar	noun	spa	senzatetto	noun	ita
sinagoga	noun	spa	sinagoga	noun	ita
sinapsis	noun	spa	sinapsi	noun	ita
sincronización	noun	spa	sincronizzazione	noun	ita
sincronización	noun	spa	sincronia	noun	ita
sincronía	noun	spa	sincronia	noun	ita
sindicato	noun	spa	sindacato	noun	ita
sinestesia	noun	spa	sinestesia	noun	ita
sinestesia	noun	spa	sinestesia	noun	ita
sinfonía	noun	spa	sinfonia	noun	ita
sinfonía	noun	spa	sinfonia	noun	ita
single	noun	spa	single	noun	ita
singularidad	noun	spa	singolarità	noun	ita
singularidad	noun	spa	singolarità	noun	ita
singularidad	noun	spa	singolarità	noun	ita
sintaxis	noun	spa	sintassi	noun	ita
sinónimo	noun	spa	sinonimo	noun	ita
sirena	noun	spa	sirena	noun	ita
sistema	noun	spa	sistema	noun	ita
sistematización	noun	spa	sistematizzazione	noun	ita
sitio	noun	spa	posto	noun	ita
situación	noun	spa	situazione	noun	ita
smartphone	noun	spa	smartphone	noun	ita
smartphone	noun	spa	smartphone	noun	ita
smartphone	noun	spa	smartphone	noun	ita
smog	noun	spa	smog	noun	ita
sms	noun	spa	sms	noun	ita
soberano	noun	spa	sovrano	noun	ita
soberanía	noun	spa	sovranità	noun	ita
soberanía	noun	spa	sovranità	noun	ita
soberanía	noun	spa	sovranità	noun	ita
sobrecalentamiento	noun	spa	surriscaldamento	noun	ita
sobrecarga	noun	spa	sovraccarico	noun	ita
sobrepeso	noun	spa	sovrappeso	noun	ita
sobrepeso	noun	spa	sovrappeso	noun	ita
sobresalto	noun	spa	scossa	noun	ita
sobrino	noun	spa	nipote	noun	ita
sobrino	noun	spa	nipote	noun	ita
sobrino	noun	spa	nipote	noun	ita
socialismo	noun	spa	socialismo	noun	ita
socialista	noun	spa	socialista	noun	ita
socialista	noun	spa	socialista	noun	ita
socialista	noun	spa	socialista	noun	ita
socialización	noun	spa	socializzazione	noun	ita
sociedad	noun	spa	società	noun	ita
sociedad	noun	spa	società	noun	ita
sociedad	noun	spa	società	noun	ita
socio	noun	spa	partner	noun	ita
socio	noun	spa	partner	noun	ita
socio	noun	spa	partner	noun	ita
socio	noun	spa	socio	noun	ita
sociología	noun	spa	sociologia	noun	ita
sociólogo	noun	spa	sociologo	noun	ita
socorrista	noun	spa	bagnino	noun	ita
socorrista	noun	spa	bagnino	noun	ita
socorrista	noun	spa	bagnino	noun	ita
sodio	noun	spa	sodio	noun	ita
sodomía	noun	spa	sodomia	noun	ita
software	noun	spa	software	noun	ita
sofá	noun	spa	sofà	noun	ita
sofá	noun	spa	sofà	noun	ita
sofá	noun	spa	sofà	noun	ita
sofá	noun	spa	divano	noun	ita
soja	noun	spa	soia	noun	ita
sol	noun	spa	sole	noun	ita
solapa	noun	spa	risvolto	noun	ita
soldado	noun	spa	soldato	noun	ita
soldado	noun	spa	soldato	noun	ita
soldado	noun	spa	soldato	noun	ita
soldadura	noun	spa	saldatura	noun	ita
soledad	noun	spa	solitudine	noun	ita
soledad	noun	spa	solitudine	noun	ita
soledad	noun	spa	solitudine	noun	ita
solemnidad	noun	spa	solennità	noun	ita
solemnidad	noun	spa	solennità	noun	ita
solemnidad	noun	spa	solennità	noun	ita
solfeo	noun	spa	solfeggio	noun	ita
solicitante	noun	spa	richiedente	noun	ita
solicitante	noun	spa	ricorrente	noun	ita
solicitante	adjective	spa	ricorrente	adjective	ita
solicitud	noun	spa	richiesta	noun	ita
solicitud	noun	spa	sollecitazione	noun	ita
solidaridad	noun	spa	solidarietà	noun	ita
solidaridad	noun	spa	solidarietà	noun	ita
solidaridad	noun	spa	solidarietà	noun	ita
solidez	noun	spa	solidità	noun	ita
solidez	noun	spa	solidità	noun	ita
solidez	noun	spa	solidità	noun	ita
solidificación	noun	spa	solidificazione	noun	ita
solsticio	noun	spa	solstizio	noun	ita
solución	noun	spa	soluzione	noun	ita
solvencia	noun	spa	solvibilità	noun	ita
solvencia	noun	spa	solvibilità	noun	ita
solvencia	noun	spa	solvibilità	noun	ita
solvencia	noun	spa	solvenza	noun	ita
sombra	noun	spa	ombra	noun	ita
sombrero	noun	spa	cappello	noun	ita
sonda	noun	spa	sonda	noun	ita
sonda	noun	spa	sonda	noun	ita
sondeo	noun	spa	sondaggio	noun	ita
sonido	noun	spa	suono	noun	ita
sonoridad	noun	spa	sonorità	noun	ita
sonoridad	noun	spa	sonorità	noun	ita
sonoridad	noun	spa	sonorità	noun	ita
sonorización	noun	spa	sonorizzazione	noun	ita
sonrisa	noun	spa	sorriso	noun	ita
sonrisa	noun	spa	sorriso	noun	ita
sopa	noun	spa	minestra	noun	ita
sopa	noun	spa	zuppa	noun	ita
soprano	noun	spa	soprano	noun	ita
sordo	noun	spa	sordo	noun	ita
sordo	noun	spa	sordo	noun	ita
sordo	noun	spa	sordo	noun	ita
sorpresa	noun	spa	sorpresa	noun	ita
sospecha	noun	spa	sospetto	noun	ita
sostenibilidad	noun	spa	sostenibilità	noun	ita
sostenibilidad	noun	spa	sostenibilità	noun	ita
sostenibilidad	noun	spa	sostenibilità	noun	ita
stock	noun	spa	stock	noun	ita
stock	noun	spa	stock	noun	ita
stock	noun	spa	stock	noun	ita
stop	noun	spa	stop	noun	ita
stop	noun	spa	stop	noun	ita
stop	noun	spa	stop	noun	ita
sub	noun	spa	sub	noun	ita
sub	noun	spa	sub	noun	ita
sub	noun	spa	sub	noun	ita
subasta	noun	spa	subasta	noun	ita
subdesarrollo	noun	spa	sottosviluppo	noun	ita
subducción	noun	spa	subduzione	noun	ita
subgrupo	noun	spa	sottogruppo	noun	ita
subida	noun	spa	rialzo	noun	ita
subjetividad	noun	spa	soggettività	noun	ita
subjetividad	noun	spa	soggettività	noun	ita
subjetividad	noun	spa	soggettività	noun	ita
submarino	noun	spa	sottomarino	noun	ita
subordinación	noun	spa	subordinazione	noun	ita
subsección	noun	spa	sottosezione	noun	ita
subsidio	noun	spa	sussidio	noun	ita
subsidio	noun	spa	sussidio	noun	ita
subsidio	noun	spa	sussidio	noun	ita
subsistencia	noun	spa	sussistenza	noun	ita
substancia	noun	spa	sostanza	noun	ita
substitución	noun	spa	sostituzione	noun	ita
subsuelo	noun	spa	sottosuolo	noun	ita
subterfugio	noun	spa	sotterfugio	noun	ita
suburbio	noun	spa	sobborgo	noun	ita
suburbio	noun	spa	sobborgo	noun	ita
suceso	noun	spa	accaduto	noun	ita
suceso	noun	spa	successo	noun	ita
sucesor	noun	spa	successore	noun	ita
sucesor	noun	spa	successore	noun	ita
sucesor	noun	spa	successore	noun	ita
sudario	noun	spa	sudario	noun	ita
sudor	noun	spa	sudore	noun	ita
sueco	noun	spa	svedese	noun	ita
sueco	noun	spa	svedese	noun	ita
sueco	noun	spa	svedese	noun	ita
sueldo	noun	spa	stipendio	noun	ita
suelo	noun	spa	suolo	noun	ita
suerte	noun	spa	regime	noun	ita
suerte	noun	spa	fortuna	noun	ita
sueño	noun	spa	sonno	noun	ita
suficiencia	noun	spa	sufficienza	noun	ita
sufijo	noun	spa	suffisso	noun	ita
sufragio	noun	spa	suffragio	noun	ita
sufrimiento	noun	spa	sofferenza	noun	ita
sugerencia	noun	spa	suggerimento	noun	ita
suicida	noun	spa	suicida	noun	ita
suicida	noun	spa	suicida	noun	ita
suicida	noun	spa	suicida	noun	ita
suicidio	noun	spa	suicidio	noun	ita
suizo	noun	spa	svizzero	noun	ita
sujeción	noun	spa	soggezione	noun	ita
sujetador	noun	spa	reggiseno	noun	ita
sujeto	noun	spa	soggetto	noun	ita
sulfuro	noun	spa	solfuro	noun	ita
sumación	noun	spa	sommazione	noun	ita
sumario	noun	spa	sommario	noun	ita
suministración	noun	spa	somministrazione	noun	ita
suministro	noun	spa	provvista	noun	ita
suministro	noun	spa	fornitura	noun	ita
superación	noun	spa	superamento	noun	ita
superconductor	noun	spa	superconduttore	noun	ita
superconductor	noun	spa	superconduttore	noun	ita
superficie	noun	spa	superficie	noun	ita
superhombre	noun	spa	superuomo	noun	ita
superioridad	noun	spa	superiorità	noun	ita
superioridad	noun	spa	superiorità	noun	ita
superioridad	noun	spa	superiorità	noun	ita
supermercado	noun	spa	supermercato	noun	ita
supernova	noun	spa	supernova	noun	ita
superordenador	noun	spa	supercomputer	noun	ita
superordenador	noun	spa	supercomputer	noun	ita
superordenador	noun	spa	supercomputer	noun	ita
superposición	noun	spa	sovrapposizione	noun	ita
superstición	noun	spa	superstizione	noun	ita
supervisión	noun	spa	supervisione	noun	ita
supervisor	noun	spa	supervisore	noun	ita
supervivencia	noun	spa	sopravvivenza	noun	ita
superviviente	noun	spa	superstite	noun	ita
suplente	noun	spa	supplente	noun	ita
suplente	noun	spa	supplente	noun	ita
suposición	noun	spa	supposizione	noun	ita
sur	noun	spa	sud	noun	ita
surf	noun	spa	surf	noun	ita
surf	noun	spa	surf	noun	ita
surf	noun	spa	surf	noun	ita
surgimiento	noun	spa	ascesa	noun	ita
surrealismo	noun	spa	surrealismo	noun	ita
surtido	noun	spa	assortimento	noun	ita
suscripción	noun	spa	sottoscrizione	noun	ita
suspensión	noun	spa	sospensione	noun	ita
sustancia	noun	spa	sostanza	noun	ita
sustantivo	noun	spa	sostantivo	noun	ita
sustentabilidad	noun	spa	sostenibilità	noun	ita
sustentabilidad	noun	spa	sostenibilità	noun	ita
sustentabilidad	noun	spa	sostenibilità	noun	ita
sustento	noun	spa	sostentamento	noun	ita
sustituto	noun	spa	sostituto	noun	ita
sustracción	noun	spa	sottrazione	noun	ita
sutura	noun	spa	sutura	noun	ita
sábado	noun	spa	sabato	noun	ita
sábana	noun	spa	lenzuolo	noun	ita
sábana	noun	spa	lenzuolo	noun	ita
sábana	noun	spa	lenzuolo	noun	ita
sábana	noun	spa	lenzuolo	noun	ita
sábana	noun	spa	lenzuolo	noun	ita
sábana	noun	spa	lenzuolo	noun	ita
sándwich	noun	spa	sandwich	noun	ita
sándwich	noun	spa	sandwich	noun	ita
sándwich	noun	spa	sandwich	noun	ita
sátira	noun	spa	satira	noun	ita
sénior	adjective	spa	senior	adjective	ita
símbolo	noun	spa	simbolo	noun	ita
síncope	noun	spa	sincope	noun	ita
síndrome	noun	spa	sindrome	noun	ita
síndrome	noun	spa	sindrome	noun	ita
síntesis	noun	spa	sintesi	noun	ita
síntoma	noun	spa	sintomo	noun	ita
sótano	noun	spa	seminterrato	noun	ita
tabaco	noun	spa	tabacco	noun	ita
tabaquismo	noun	spa	tabagismo	noun	ita
taberna	noun	spa	taverna	noun	ita
tabique	noun	spa	setto	noun	ita
tabla	noun	spa	tavola	noun	ita
tablero	noun	spa	scacchiera	noun	ita
tableta	noun	spa	tablet	noun	ita
tableta	noun	spa	tablet	noun	ita
tableta	noun	spa	tablet	noun	ita
tabú	noun	spa	tabù	noun	ita
tabú	noun	spa	tabù	noun	ita
tabú	noun	spa	tabù	noun	ita
tacto	noun	spa	tatto	noun	ita
tacto	noun	spa	tatto	noun	ita
tacón	noun	spa	tacco	noun	ita
tailandés	noun	spa	tailandese	noun	ita
tailandés	noun	spa	tailandese	noun	ita
tailandés	noun	spa	tailandese	noun	ita
tala	noun	spa	abbattimento	noun	ita
taladro	noun	spa	trapano	noun	ita
talento	noun	spa	talento	noun	ita
talibán	adjective	spa	talebano	adjective	ita
talismán	noun	spa	talismano	noun	ita
taller	noun	spa	officina	noun	ita
talón	noun	spa	tallone	noun	ita
talón	noun	spa	tallone	noun	ita
tamaño	noun	spa	dimensione	noun	ita
tambor	noun	spa	tamburo	noun	ita
tangente	noun	spa	tangente	noun	ita
tanque	noun	spa	serbatoio	noun	ita
tanque	noun	spa	serbatoio	noun	ita
tanto	noun	spa	tanto	noun	ita
tapa	noun	spa	coperchio	noun	ita
tapadera	noun	spa	coperchio	noun	ita
tapicería	noun	spa	tappezzeria	noun	ita
tapir	noun	spa	tapiro	noun	ita
tapiz	noun	spa	arazzo	noun	ita
taquilla	noun	spa	biglietteria	noun	ita
taquilla	noun	spa	botteghino	noun	ita
tara	noun	spa	tara	noun	ita
tarde	noun	spa	pomeriggio	noun	ita
tarea	noun	spa	compito	noun	ita
tarifa	noun	spa	tariffa	noun	ita
tarjeta	noun	spa	carta	noun	ita
tarjeta	noun	spa	scheda	noun	ita
tarro	noun	spa	barattolo	noun	ita
tarta	noun	spa	torta	noun	ita
tasa	noun	spa	tasso	noun	ita
tasa	noun	spa	tasso	noun	ita
tasa	noun	spa	tasso	noun	ita
tasación	noun	spa	tassazione	noun	ita
tatuaje	noun	spa	tatuaggio	noun	ita
tatuaje	noun	spa	tatuaggio	noun	ita
taxi	noun	spa	taxi	noun	ita
taxi	noun	spa	taxi	noun	ita
taxi	noun	spa	taxi	noun	ita
taxista	noun	spa	tassista	noun	ita
taxista	noun	spa	tassista	noun	ita
taxista	noun	spa	tassista	noun	ita
taza	noun	spa	tazza	noun	ita
teatro	noun	spa	teatro	noun	ita
techo	noun	spa	tetto	noun	ita
techo	noun	spa	soffitto	noun	ita
tecla	noun	spa	tasto	noun	ita
teclado	noun	spa	tastiera	noun	ita
teclado	noun	spa	tastiera	noun	ita
tecnología	noun	spa	tecnologia	noun	ita
tecnólogo	noun	spa	tecnologo	noun	ita
tejado	noun	spa	tetto	noun	ita
tejido	noun	spa	tessuto	noun	ita
tela	noun	spa	tessuto	noun	ita
telaraña	noun	spa	ragnatela	noun	ita
tele	noun	spa	televisione	noun	ita
telecomunicación	noun	spa	telecomunicazione	noun	ita
telefonía	noun	spa	telefonia	noun	ita
teleférico	noun	spa	teleferica	noun	ita
telescopio	noun	spa	telescopio	noun	ita
teletexto	noun	spa	televideo	noun	ita
teletexto	noun	spa	televideo	noun	ita
teletexto	noun	spa	televideo	noun	ita
televisión	noun	spa	televisione	noun	ita
televisor	noun	spa	televisore	noun	ita
teléfono	noun	spa	telefono	noun	ita
telón	noun	spa	sipario	noun	ita
tema	noun	spa	soggetto	noun	ita
temblor	noun	spa	tremore	noun	ita
temblor	noun	spa	tremore	noun	ita
temor	noun	spa	timore	noun	ita
temperatura	noun	spa	temperatura	noun	ita
templo	noun	spa	tempio	noun	ita
temporada	noun	spa	stagione	noun	ita
tenacidad	noun	spa	tenacità	noun	ita
tenacidad	noun	spa	tenacità	noun	ita
tenacidad	noun	spa	tenacità	noun	ita
tendencia	noun	spa	trend	noun	ita
tendencia	noun	spa	trend	noun	ita
tendencia	noun	spa	trend	noun	ita
tendencia	noun	spa	tendenza	noun	ita
tenedor	noun	spa	forchetta	noun	ita
tenencia	noun	spa	detenzione	noun	ita
teniente	noun	spa	tenente	noun	ita
tenis	noun	spa	tennis	noun	ita
tenista	noun	spa	tennista	noun	ita
tenista	noun	spa	tennista	noun	ita
tenista	noun	spa	tennista	noun	ita
tenor	noun	spa	tenore	noun	ita
tensión	noun	spa	tensione	noun	ita
tentación	noun	spa	tentazione	noun	ita
tentativa	noun	spa	tentativo	noun	ita
tentempié	noun	spa	aperitivo	noun	ita
teología	noun	spa	teologia	noun	ita
teorema	noun	spa	teorema	noun	ita
teorización	noun	spa	teorizzazione	noun	ita
teoría	noun	spa	teoria	noun	ita
terapeuta	noun	spa	terapista	noun	ita
terapeuta	noun	spa	terapista	noun	ita
terapeuta	noun	spa	terapista	noun	ita
terapia	noun	spa	terapia	noun	ita
terapéutica	noun	spa	terapeutica	noun	ita
tercio	noun	spa	terzo	noun	ita
terminación	noun	spa	lavorazione	noun	ita
terminación	noun	spa	terminazione	noun	ita
terminal	noun	spa	terminale	noun	ita
terminal	noun	spa	terminale	noun	ita
terminología	noun	spa	terminologia	noun	ita
termodinámica	noun	spa	termodinamica	noun	ita
termómetro	noun	spa	termometro	noun	ita
terraza	noun	spa	terrazza	noun	ita
terremoto	noun	spa	terremoto	noun	ita
terreno	noun	spa	terreno	noun	ita
territorio	noun	spa	territorio	noun	ita
terror	noun	spa	terrore	noun	ita
terror	noun	spa	terrore	noun	ita
terrorismo	noun	spa	terrorismo	noun	ita
tesis	noun	spa	tesi	noun	ita
tesoro	noun	spa	tesoro	noun	ita
tesoro	noun	spa	tesoro	noun	ita
test	noun	spa	test	noun	ita
test	noun	spa	test	noun	ita
test	noun	spa	test	noun	ita
testamento	noun	spa	testamento	noun	ita
testigo	noun	spa	testimone	noun	ita
testimonio	noun	spa	testimonianza	noun	ita
testosterona	noun	spa	testosterone	noun	ita
testosterona	noun	spa	testosterone	noun	ita
testosterona	noun	spa	testosterone	noun	ita
testículo	noun	spa	testicolo	noun	ita
testículo	noun	spa	testicolo	noun	ita
teta	noun	spa	mammella	noun	ita
tetera	noun	spa	teiera	noun	ita
texto	noun	spa	testo	noun	ita
textura	noun	spa	texture	noun	ita
textura	noun	spa	texture	noun	ita
textura	noun	spa	texture	noun	ita
tiburón	noun	spa	squalo	noun	ita
ticket	noun	spa	ticket	noun	ita
ticket	noun	spa	ticket	noun	ita
ticket	noun	spa	ticket	noun	ita
tiempo	noun	spa	tempo	noun	ita
tiempo	noun	spa	meteo	noun	ita
tiempo	noun	spa	meteo	noun	ita
tiempo	noun	spa	meteo	noun	ita
tienda	noun	spa	negozio	noun	ita
tienda	noun	spa	negozio	noun	ita
tierra	noun	spa	terra	noun	ita
tigre	noun	spa	tigre	noun	ita
tigre	noun	spa	tigre	noun	ita
tigre	noun	spa	tigre	noun	ita
tilacino	noun	spa	tilacino	noun	ita
tilde	noun	spa	tilde	noun	ita
timbre	noun	spa	timbro	noun	ita
timo	noun	spa	truffa	noun	ita
tinta	noun	spa	inchiostro	noun	ita
tinta	noun	spa	inchiostro	noun	ita
tipo	noun	spa	tipo	noun	ita
tipografía	noun	spa	tipografia	noun	ita
tipología	noun	spa	tipologia	noun	ita
tira	noun	spa	striscia	noun	ita
tiro	noun	spa	tiro	noun	ita
tiroteo	noun	spa	sparatoria	noun	ita
titulación	noun	spa	titolazione	noun	ita
titulado	noun	spa	titolato	noun	ita
titular	noun	spa	intestatario	noun	ita
titán	noun	spa	titano	noun	ita
tiza	noun	spa	gesso	noun	ita
tiza	noun	spa	gesso	noun	ita
toalla	noun	spa	asciugamano	noun	ita
tobillo	noun	spa	caviglia	noun	ita
toga	noun	spa	toga	noun	ita
aseo	noun	spa	toilette	noun	ita
aseo	noun	spa	toilette	noun	ita
aseo	noun	spa	toilette	noun	ita
tolerancia	noun	spa	tolleranza	noun	ita
tolerancia	noun	spa	tolleranza	noun	ita
tomate	noun	spa	pomodoro	noun	ita
tomate	noun	spa	pomodoro	noun	ita
tomografía	noun	spa	tomografia	noun	ita
tonalidad	noun	spa	tonalità	noun	ita
tonalidad	noun	spa	tonalità	noun	ita
tonalidad	noun	spa	tonalità	noun	ita
tonel	noun	spa	botte	noun	ita
tonelada	noun	spa	tonnellata	noun	ita
tono	noun	spa	tono	noun	ita
tontería	noun	spa	stupidaggine	noun	ita
tope	noun	spa	soglia	noun	ita
tormenta	noun	spa	tormenta	noun	ita
tormenta	noun	spa	tempesta	noun	ita
torneo	noun	spa	torneo	noun	ita
tornillo	noun	spa	vite	noun	ita
toro	noun	spa	toro	noun	ita
torre	noun	spa	torre	noun	ita
torrente	noun	spa	flusso	noun	ita
torso	noun	spa	torso	noun	ita
torta	noun	spa	torta	noun	ita
tortuga	noun	spa	tartaruga	noun	ita
tortuga	noun	spa	tartaruga	noun	ita
tortura	noun	spa	tortura	noun	ita
tos	noun	spa	tosse	noun	ita
totalidad	noun	spa	totalità	noun	ita
totalidad	noun	spa	totalità	noun	ita
totalidad	noun	spa	totalità	noun	ita
toxicidad	noun	spa	tossicità	noun	ita
toxicidad	noun	spa	tossicità	noun	ita
toxicidad	noun	spa	tossicità	noun	ita
toxicómano	noun	spa	tossicomane	noun	ita
toxicómano	noun	spa	tossicomane	noun	ita
toxicómano	noun	spa	tossicomane	noun	ita
toxina	noun	spa	tossina	noun	ita
toxina	noun	spa	tossina	noun	ita
trabajador	noun	spa	lavoratore	noun	ita
trabajador	noun	spa	lavorante	noun	ita
trabajo	noun	spa	lavoro	noun	ita
tracción	noun	spa	trazione	noun	ita
tractor	noun	spa	trattore	noun	ita
tradición	noun	spa	tradizione	noun	ita
traducción	noun	spa	traduzione	noun	ita
traductor	noun	spa	traduttore	noun	ita
traficante	noun	spa	trafficante	noun	ita
tragedia	noun	spa	tragedia	noun	ita
tragedia	noun	spa	dramma	noun	ita
traición	noun	spa	tradimento	noun	ita
traición	noun	spa	tradimento	noun	ita
traje	noun	spa	vestito	noun	ita
traje	noun	spa	vestito	noun	ita
trama	noun	spa	trama	noun	ita
trampa	noun	spa	trappola	noun	ita
trampa	noun	spa	trappola	noun	ita
trance	noun	spa	trance	noun	ita
trance	noun	spa	trance	noun	ita
trance	noun	spa	trance	noun	ita
tranquilidad	noun	spa	tranquillità	noun	ita
tranquilidad	noun	spa	tranquillità	noun	ita
tranquilidad	noun	spa	tranquillità	noun	ita
tranquilizante	noun	spa	calmante	noun	ita
transacción	noun	spa	transazione	noun	ita
transbordador	noun	spa	traghetto	noun	ita
transcripción	noun	spa	trascrizione	noun	ita
transcripción	noun	spa	traslitterazione	noun	ita
transcurso	noun	spa	corso	noun	ita
transducción	noun	spa	trasduzione	noun	ita
transferencia	noun	spa	bonifico	noun	ita
transformación	noun	spa	trasformazione	noun	ita
transformador	noun	spa	trasformatore	noun	ita
transfusión	noun	spa	trasfusione	noun	ita
transición	noun	spa	transizione	noun	ita
transistor	noun	spa	transistore	noun	ita
transistor	noun	spa	transistore	noun	ita
transmigración	noun	spa	trasmigrazione	noun	ita
transmisión	noun	spa	cambio	noun	ita
transmisión	noun	spa	trasmissione	noun	ita
transmutación	noun	spa	trasmutazione	noun	ita
transparencia	noun	spa	trasparenza	noun	ita
transpiración	noun	spa	traspirazione	noun	ita
transporte	noun	spa	trasporto	noun	ita
transposición	noun	spa	recepimento	noun	ita
transposición	noun	spa	trasposizione	noun	ita
transversalidad	noun	spa	trasversalità	noun	ita
transversalidad	noun	spa	trasversalità	noun	ita
transversalidad	noun	spa	trasversalità	noun	ita
tranvía	noun	spa	tranvia	noun	ita
tranvía	noun	spa	tram	noun	ita
tranvía	noun	spa	tram	noun	ita
tranvía	noun	spa	tram	noun	ita
trasero	noun	spa	didietro	noun	ita
trasferencia	noun	spa	trasferimento	noun	ita
traslación	noun	spa	traslazione	noun	ita
traslado	noun	spa	trasferimento	noun	ita
trasmisión	noun	spa	cambio	noun	ita
trasplante	noun	spa	trapianto	noun	ita
trastorno	noun	spa	trastorno	noun	ita
tratamiento	noun	spa	trattamento	noun	ita
tratamiento	noun	spa	trattazione	noun	ita
trauma	noun	spa	trauma	noun	ita
traumatología	noun	spa	traumatologia	noun	ita
travesía	noun	spa	viaggio	noun	ita
traviesa	noun	spa	traversina	noun	ita
través	noun	spa	traverso	noun	ita
trayecto	noun	spa	tragitto	noun	ita
trayectoria	noun	spa	traiettoria	noun	ita
trazo	noun	spa	traccia	noun	ita
tren	noun	spa	treno	noun	ita
tribal	noun	spa	tribale	noun	ita
tribal	noun	spa	tribale	noun	ita
tribu	noun	spa	tribù	noun	ita
tribu	noun	spa	tribù	noun	ita
tribu	noun	spa	tribù	noun	ita
tribu	noun	spa	tribu	noun	ita
tribu	noun	spa	tribu	noun	ita
tribu	noun	spa	tribu	noun	ita
tribuna	noun	spa	tribuna	noun	ita
tribunal	noun	spa	tribunale	noun	ita
tributo	noun	spa	tributo	noun	ita
trigo	noun	spa	grano	noun	ita
trigo	noun	spa	frumento	noun	ita
trigonometría	noun	spa	trigonometria	noun	ita
trillón	noun	spa	trilione	noun	ita
trilogía	noun	spa	trilogia	noun	ita
trimestre	noun	spa	trimestre	noun	ita
tripartición	noun	spa	tripartizione	noun	ita
tripulación	noun	spa	equipaggio	noun	ita
tristeza	noun	spa	tristezza	noun	ita
triángulo	noun	spa	triangolo	noun	ita
trocito	noun	spa	pezzettino	noun	ita
trofeo	noun	spa	trofeo	noun	ita
troika	noun	spa	troika	noun	ita
troika	noun	spa	troika	noun	ita
troika	noun	spa	troika	noun	ita
tronco	noun	spa	tronco	noun	ita
trono	noun	spa	trono	noun	ita
tropa	noun	spa	truppa	noun	ita
trozo	noun	spa	pezzo	noun	ita
truco	noun	spa	trucco	noun	ita
truco	noun	spa	trucco	noun	ita
trueno	noun	spa	tuono	noun	ita
tráfico	noun	spa	traffico	noun	ita
trámite	noun	spa	tramite	noun	ita
tránsito	noun	spa	transito	noun	ita
trío	noun	spa	trio	noun	ita
trópico	noun	spa	tropico	noun	ita
tsunami	noun	spa	tsunami	noun	ita
tsunami	noun	spa	tsunami	noun	ita
tsunami	noun	spa	tsunami	noun	ita
tuberculosis	noun	spa	tubercolosi	noun	ita
tuberculosis	noun	spa	tubercolosi	noun	ita
tubería	noun	spa	conduttura	noun	ita
tubo	noun	spa	tubo	noun	ita
tubo	noun	spa	tubo	noun	ita
tuerca	noun	spa	dado	noun	ita
tulipán	noun	spa	tulipano	noun	ita
tumba	noun	spa	tomba	noun	ita
tumba	noun	spa	tomba	noun	ita
tumor	noun	spa	tumore	noun	ita
turba	noun	spa	torba	noun	ita
turbina	noun	spa	turbina	noun	ita
turbulencia	noun	spa	turbolenza	noun	ita
turismo	noun	spa	turismo	noun	ita
turismo	noun	spa	autovettura	noun	ita
turista	noun	spa	turista	noun	ita
turista	noun	spa	turista	noun	ita
turista	noun	spa	turista	noun	ita
turno	noun	spa	turno	noun	ita
turrón	noun	spa	torrone	noun	ita
tutor	noun	spa	tutore	noun	ita
televisión	noun	spa	tv	noun	ita
tweet	noun	spa	tweet	noun	ita
tweet	noun	spa	tweet	noun	ita
tweet	noun	spa	tweet	noun	ita
táctica	noun	spa	tattica	noun	ita
táctico	noun	spa	tattico	noun	ita
tándem	noun	spa	tandem	noun	ita
tándem	noun	spa	tandem	noun	ita
tándem	noun	spa	tandem	noun	ita
té	noun	spa	tè	noun	ita
té	noun	spa	tè	noun	ita
té	noun	spa	tè	noun	ita
técnico	noun	spa	tecnico	noun	ita
técnico	noun	spa	tecnico	noun	ita
técnico	noun	spa	tecnico	noun	ita
témpano	noun	spa	iceberg	noun	ita
témpano	noun	spa	iceberg	noun	ita
témpano	noun	spa	iceberg	noun	ita
término	noun	spa	termine	noun	ita
tímpano	noun	spa	timpano	noun	ita
tío	noun	spa	zio	noun	ita
tío	noun	spa	tizio	noun	ita
títere	noun	spa	marionetta	noun	ita
título	noun	spa	titolo	noun	ita
tópico	noun	spa	topico	noun	ita
túnel	noun	spa	tunnel	noun	ita
túnel	noun	spa	tunnel	noun	ita
túnel	noun	spa	tunnel	noun	ita
túnica	noun	spa	tunica	noun	ita
ubicación	noun	spa	ubicazione	noun	ita
ultimación	noun	spa	ultimazione	noun	ita
ultimátum	noun	spa	ultimatum	noun	ita
ultimátum	noun	spa	ultimatum	noun	ita
ultimátum	noun	spa	ultimatum	noun	ita
ultra	noun	spa	ultra	noun	ita
ultra	noun	spa	ultra	noun	ita
ultra	noun	spa	ultra	noun	ita
ultrasonido	noun	spa	ultrasuono	noun	ita
umbral	noun	spa	soglia	noun	ita
unanimidad	noun	spa	unanimità	noun	ita
unanimidad	noun	spa	unanimità	noun	ita
unanimidad	noun	spa	unanimità	noun	ita
unicidad	noun	spa	unicità	noun	ita
unicidad	noun	spa	unicità	noun	ita
unicidad	noun	spa	unicità	noun	ita
unicornio	noun	spa	unicorno	noun	ita
unidad	noun	spa	unità	noun	ita
unidad	noun	spa	unità	noun	ita
unidad	noun	spa	unità	noun	ita
unificación	noun	spa	unificazione	noun	ita
uniforme	noun	spa	uniforme	noun	ita
uniformidad	noun	spa	uniformità	noun	ita
uniformidad	noun	spa	uniformità	noun	ita
uniformidad	noun	spa	uniformità	noun	ita
universidad	noun	spa	università	noun	ita
universidad	noun	spa	università	noun	ita
universidad	noun	spa	università	noun	ita
universo	noun	spa	universo	noun	ita
unión	noun	spa	unione	noun	ita
uranio	noun	spa	uranio	noun	ita
urbanismo	noun	spa	urbanistica	noun	ita
urbanización	noun	spa	urbanizzazione	noun	ita
urgencia	noun	spa	pronto soccorso	noun	ita
urgencia	noun	spa	urgenza	noun	ita
urna	noun	spa	urna	noun	ita
uso	noun	spa	uso	noun	ita
ustión	noun	spa	ustione	noun	ita
usuario	noun	spa	utente	noun	ita
usuario	noun	spa	utente	noun	ita
usuario	noun	spa	utente	noun	ita
usura	noun	spa	usura	noun	ita
utilidad	noun	spa	utilità	noun	ita
utilidad	noun	spa	utilità	noun	ita
utilidad	noun	spa	utilità	noun	ita
utilización	noun	spa	utilizzo	noun	ita
utilización	noun	spa	utilizzazione	noun	ita
utopía	noun	spa	utopia	noun	ita
uva	noun	spa	uva	noun	ita
uña	noun	spa	unghia	noun	ita
vaca	noun	spa	mucca	noun	ita
vaca	noun	spa	mucca	noun	ita
vacación	noun	spa	vacanza	noun	ita
vacilación	noun	spa	esitazione	noun	ita
vacuidad	noun	spa	vacuità	noun	ita
vacuidad	noun	spa	vacuità	noun	ita
vacuidad	noun	spa	vacuità	noun	ita
vacuna	noun	spa	vaccino	noun	ita
vacuna	noun	spa	vaccino	noun	ita
vacunación	noun	spa	vaccinazione	noun	ita
vacío	noun	spa	vuoto	noun	ita
vagabundeo	noun	spa	vagabondaggio	noun	ita
vagabundo	noun	spa	vagabondo	noun	ita
vagina	noun	spa	vagina	noun	ita
vainilla	noun	spa	vaniglia	noun	ita
vajilla	noun	spa	vasellame	noun	ita
valencia	noun	spa	valenzia	noun	ita
valentía	noun	spa	coraggio	noun	ita
valentía	noun	spa	coraggio	noun	ita
validación	noun	spa	validazione	noun	ita
validez	noun	spa	validità	noun	ita
validez	noun	spa	validità	noun	ita
validez	noun	spa	validità	noun	ita
valle	noun	spa	valle	noun	ita
valor	noun	spa	valore	noun	ita
valoración	noun	spa	valutazione	noun	ita
valoración	noun	spa	rating	noun	ita
valorización	noun	spa	valorizzazione	noun	ita
vampiro	noun	spa	vampiro	noun	ita
vandalismo	noun	spa	vandalismo	noun	ita
vanguardia	noun	spa	avanguardia	noun	ita
vanidad	noun	spa	vanità	noun	ita
vanidad	noun	spa	vanità	noun	ita
vanidad	noun	spa	vanità	noun	ita
vapor	noun	spa	vapore	noun	ita
vaquero	noun	spa	jeans	noun	ita
vaquero	noun	spa	jeans	noun	ita
variabilidad	noun	spa	variabilità	noun	ita
variabilidad	noun	spa	variabilità	noun	ita
variabilidad	noun	spa	variabilità	noun	ita
variable	noun	spa	variabile	noun	ita
variación	noun	spa	variazione	noun	ita
variante	noun	spa	variante	noun	ita
variedad	noun	spa	varietà	noun	ita
variedad	noun	spa	varietà	noun	ita
variedad	noun	spa	varietà	noun	ita
varón	noun	spa	uomo	noun	ita
vasco	noun	spa	basco	noun	ita
vasco	noun	spa	basco	noun	ita
vasco	noun	spa	basco	noun	ita
vasectomía	noun	spa	vasectomia	noun	ita
vaso	noun	spa	bicchiere	noun	ita
vastedad	noun	spa	vastità	noun	ita
vastedad	noun	spa	vastità	noun	ita
vastedad	noun	spa	vastità	noun	ita
vatio	noun	spa	watt	noun	ita
vatio	noun	spa	watt	noun	ita
vatio	noun	spa	watt	noun	ita
vecindad	noun	spa	vicinato	noun	ita
vecindario	noun	spa	quartiere	noun	ita
vecino	noun	spa	vicino	noun	ita
vector	noun	spa	vettore	noun	ita
vegetación	noun	spa	vegetazione	noun	ita
vegetal	noun	spa	vegetale	noun	ita
vehículo	noun	spa	veicolo	noun	ita
veinteañero	noun	spa	ventenne	noun	ita
veinteañero	noun	spa	ventenne	noun	ita
veinteañero	noun	spa	ventenne	noun	ita
vejación	noun	spa	sopraffazione	noun	ita
vejez	noun	spa	vecchiaia	noun	ita
vejez	noun	spa	vecchiaia	noun	ita
vela	noun	spa	candela	noun	ita
vela	noun	spa	candela	noun	ita
velada	noun	spa	veglia	noun	ita
velada	noun	spa	serata	noun	ita
veleidad	noun	spa	velleità	noun	ita
veleidad	noun	spa	velleità	noun	ita
veleidad	noun	spa	velleità	noun	ita
velo	noun	spa	velo	noun	ita
velocidad	noun	spa	velocità	noun	ita
velocidad	noun	spa	velocità	noun	ita
velocidad	noun	spa	velocità	noun	ita
vena	noun	spa	vena	noun	ita
vendaje	noun	spa	bendaggio	noun	ita
vendedor	noun	spa	venditore	noun	ita
vendedor	noun	spa	venditore	noun	ita
veneno	noun	spa	veleno	noun	ita
veneración	noun	spa	venerazione	noun	ita
venezolano	noun	spa	venezuelano	noun	ita
venganza	noun	spa	vendetta	noun	ita
venta	noun	spa	vendita	noun	ita
ventaja	noun	spa	vantaggio	noun	ita
ventana	noun	spa	finestra	noun	ita
ventanilla	noun	spa	finestrino	noun	ita
ventilación	noun	spa	ventilazione	noun	ita
ventilador	noun	spa	ventilatore	noun	ita
ventisca	noun	spa	bufera	noun	ita
ver	noun	spa	vedere	noun	ita
veracidad	noun	spa	veridicità	noun	ita
veracidad	noun	spa	veridicità	noun	ita
veracidad	noun	spa	veridicità	noun	ita
verano	noun	spa	estate	noun	ita
verano	noun	spa	estate	noun	ita
verbo	noun	spa	verbo	noun	ita
verdad	noun	spa	verità	noun	ita
verdad	noun	spa	verità	noun	ita
verdad	noun	spa	verità	noun	ita
verde	noun	spa	verde	noun	ita
verdura	noun	spa	verdura	noun	ita
vergüenza	noun	spa	imbarazzo	noun	ita
vergüenza	noun	spa	vergogna	noun	ita
verruga	noun	spa	verruca	noun	ita
versatilidad	noun	spa	versatilità	noun	ita
versatilidad	noun	spa	versatilità	noun	ita
versatilidad	noun	spa	versatilità	noun	ita
versión	noun	spa	versione	noun	ita
verso	noun	spa	verso	noun	ita
versus	noun	spa	contro	noun	ita
vertedero	noun	spa	discarica	noun	ita
vertiente	noun	spa	aspetto	noun	ita
vestido	noun	spa	abito	noun	ita
vestigio	noun	spa	traccia	noun	ita
vestimenta	noun	spa	abbigliamento	noun	ita
vestuario	noun	spa	vestiario	noun	ita
vestíbulo	noun	spa	hall	noun	ita
vestíbulo	noun	spa	hall	noun	ita
vestíbulo	noun	spa	hall	noun	ita
veterinario	noun	spa	veterinario	noun	ita
veto	noun	spa	veto	noun	ita
vez	noun	spa	volta	noun	ita
viabilidad	noun	spa	viabilità	noun	ita
viabilidad	noun	spa	viabilità	noun	ita
viabilidad	noun	spa	viabilità	noun	ita
viaducto	noun	spa	viadotto	noun	ita
viaje	noun	spa	viaggio	noun	ita
viajero	noun	spa	viaggiatore	noun	ita
vibración	noun	spa	vibrazione	noun	ita
vicario	noun	spa	parroco	noun	ita
victoria	noun	spa	vittoria	noun	ita
vida	noun	spa	vita	noun	ita
video	noun	spa	video	noun	ita
video	noun	spa	video	noun	ita
videoconsola	noun	spa	videoconsole	noun	ita
videoconsola	noun	spa	videoconsole	noun	ita
videoconsola	noun	spa	videoconsole	noun	ita
videojuego	noun	spa	videogioco	noun	ita
vidrio	noun	spa	vetro	noun	ita
viento	noun	spa	vento	noun	ita
vientre	noun	spa	ventre	noun	ita
viernes	noun	spa	venerdì	noun	ita
viga	noun	spa	trave	noun	ita
vigilancia	noun	spa	vigilanza	noun	ita
vigilancia	noun	spa	sorveglianza	noun	ita
vigilante	noun	spa	sorvegliante	noun	ita
vigor	noun	spa	vigore	noun	ita
vigésimo primero	noun	spa	ventunesimo	noun	ita
villa	noun	spa	villa	noun	ita
villano	noun	spa	villano	noun	ita
vinagre	noun	spa	aceto	noun	ita
vinificación	noun	spa	vinificazione	noun	ita
vino	noun	spa	vino	noun	ita
violación	noun	spa	stupro	noun	ita
violación	noun	spa	violazione	noun	ita
violencia	noun	spa	violenza	noun	ita
violín	noun	spa	violino	noun	ita
virgen	noun	spa	vergine	noun	ita
virginidad	noun	spa	verginità	noun	ita
virginidad	noun	spa	verginità	noun	ita
virginidad	noun	spa	verginità	noun	ita
virtud	noun	spa	virtù	noun	ita
virtud	noun	spa	virtù	noun	ita
virtud	noun	spa	virtù	noun	ita
viruela	noun	spa	vaiolo	noun	ita
viruela	noun	spa	vaiolo	noun	ita
virus	noun	spa	virus	noun	ita
viscosidad	noun	spa	viscosità	noun	ita
viscosidad	noun	spa	viscosità	noun	ita
viscosidad	noun	spa	viscosità	noun	ita
visibilidad	noun	spa	visibilità	noun	ita
visibilidad	noun	spa	visibilità	noun	ita
visibilidad	noun	spa	visibilità	noun	ita
visitación	noun	spa	Visitazione	noun	ita
visitante	noun	spa	visitatore	noun	ita
visión	noun	spa	visione	noun	ita
visor	noun	spa	visore	noun	ita
visor	noun	spa	mirino	noun	ita
vistazo	noun	spa	occhiata	noun	ita
visual	noun	spa	visuale	noun	ita
visualización	noun	spa	visualizzazione	noun	ita
vitalidad	noun	spa	vitalità	noun	ita
vitalidad	noun	spa	vitalità	noun	ita
vitalidad	noun	spa	vitalità	noun	ita
vitamina	noun	spa	vitamina	noun	ita
vitrina	noun	spa	vetrina	noun	ita
viudo	noun	spa	vedovo	noun	ita
vivacidad	noun	spa	vivacità	noun	ita
vivacidad	noun	spa	vivacità	noun	ita
vivacidad	noun	spa	vivacità	noun	ita
vivero	noun	spa	vivaio	noun	ita
vivienda	noun	spa	alloggio	noun	ita
viñedo	noun	spa	vigneto	noun	ita
viñeta	noun	spa	vignetta	noun	ita
vocabulario	noun	spa	vocabolario	noun	ita
vocación	noun	spa	vocazione	noun	ita
vocal	noun	spa	vocale	noun	ita
vodka	noun	spa	vodka	noun	ita
volante	noun	spa	volante	noun	ita
volatilidad	noun	spa	volatilità	noun	ita
volatilidad	noun	spa	volatilità	noun	ita
volatilidad	noun	spa	volatilità	noun	ita
volcán	noun	spa	vulcano	noun	ita
voleibol	noun	spa	pallavolo	noun	ita
volumen	noun	spa	volume	noun	ita
volumen	noun	spa	mole	noun	ita
voluntad	noun	spa	volontà	noun	ita
voluntad	noun	spa	volontà	noun	ita
voluntad	noun	spa	volontà	noun	ita
voluntariado	noun	spa	volontariato	noun	ita
votación	noun	spa	votazione	noun	ita
votante	noun	spa	elettore	noun	ita
votante	noun	spa	elettore	noun	ita
votante	noun	spa	elettore	noun	ita
voto	noun	spa	voto	noun	ita
voz	noun	spa	voce	noun	ita
vuelo	noun	spa	volo	noun	ita
vuelta	noun	spa	ritorno	noun	ita
vulnerabilidad	noun	spa	vulnerabilità	noun	ita
vulnerabilidad	noun	spa	vulnerabilità	noun	ita
vulnerabilidad	noun	spa	vulnerabilità	noun	ita
vuvuzela	noun	spa	vuvuzela	noun	ita
válvula	noun	spa	valvola	noun	ita
vértebra	noun	spa	vertebra	noun	ita
vía	noun	spa	via	noun	ita
víbora	noun	spa	vipera	noun	ita
víctima	noun	spa	vittima	noun	ita
vídeo	noun	spa	video	noun	ita
vídeo	noun	spa	video	noun	ita
vídeo	noun	spa	video	noun	ita
vínculo	noun	spa	legame	noun	ita
vínculo	noun	spa	vincolo	noun	ita
vínculo	noun	spa	collegamento	noun	ita
vómito	noun	spa	vomito	noun	ita
vórtice	noun	spa	vortice	noun	ita
waterpolo	noun	spa	pallanuoto	noun	ita
web	noun	spa	web	noun	ita
webcam	noun	spa	webcam	noun	ita
www	noun	spa	www	noun	ita
xenofobia	noun	spa	xenofobia	noun	ita
yate	noun	spa	panfilo	noun	ita
yate	noun	spa	yacht	noun	ita
yate	noun	spa	yacht	noun	ita
yate	noun	spa	yacht	noun	ita
yegua	noun	spa	cavalla	noun	ita
yen	noun	spa	yen	noun	ita
yen	noun	spa	yen	noun	ita
yen	noun	spa	yen	noun	ita
yeso	noun	spa	intonaco	noun	ita
yihad	noun	spa	jihad	noun	ita
yihad	noun	spa	jihad	noun	ita
yihad	noun	spa	jihad	noun	ita
yihadista	noun	spa	jihadista	noun	ita
yihadista	noun	spa	jihadista	noun	ita
yihadista	noun	spa	jihadista	noun	ita
yoga	noun	spa	yoga	noun	ita
yoga	noun	spa	yoga	noun	ita
yoga	noun	spa	yoga	noun	ita
yogur	noun	spa	yogurt	noun	ita
yogur	noun	spa	yogurt	noun	ita
yogur	noun	spa	yogurt	noun	ita
yunque	noun	spa	incudine	noun	ita
zafiro	noun	spa	zaffiro	noun	ita
zanahoria	noun	spa	carota	noun	ita
zanahoria	noun	spa	carota	noun	ita
zanja	noun	spa	fosso	noun	ita
zapatilla	noun	spa	scarpa	noun	ita
zapato	noun	spa	scarpa	noun	ita
zapato	noun	spa	scarpa	noun	ita
zarzuela	noun	spa	zarzuela	noun	ita
zarzuela	noun	spa	zarzuela	noun	ita
zarzuela	noun	spa	zarzuela	noun	ita
zinc	noun	spa	zinco	noun	ita
zombi	noun	spa	zombie	noun	ita
zombi	noun	spa	zombie	noun	ita
zombi	noun	spa	zombie	noun	ita
zona	noun	spa	zona	noun	ita
zoológico	noun	spa	zoo	noun	ita
zoológico	noun	spa	zoo	noun	ita
zoológico	noun	spa	zoo	noun	ita
zorro	noun	spa	volpe	noun	ita
zorro	noun	spa	volpe	noun	ita
zorro	noun	spa	volpe	noun	ita
zumbido	noun	spa	ronzio	noun	ita
zumbido	noun	spa	ronzio	noun	ita
ábaco	noun	spa	abaco	noun	ita
ácaro	noun	spa	acaro	noun	ita
ácido	noun	spa	acido	noun	ita
águila	noun	spa	aquila	noun	ita
álbum	noun	spa	album	noun	ita
álbum	noun	spa	album	noun	ita
álbum	noun	spa	album	noun	ita
álgebra	noun	spa	algebra	noun	ita
ámbito	noun	spa	ambito	noun	ita
ánfora	noun	spa	anfora	noun	ita
ángel	noun	spa	angelo	noun	ita
ángulo	noun	spa	angolo	noun	ita
ánimo	noun	spa	animo	noun	ita
árabe	noun	spa	arabo	noun	ita
árabe	noun	spa	arabo	noun	ita
árabe	noun	spa	arabo	noun	ita
árbitro	noun	spa	arbitro	noun	ita
árbitro	noun	spa	arbitro	noun	ita
árbitro	noun	spa	arbitro	noun	ita
árbol	noun	spa	albero	noun	ita
área	noun	spa	area	noun	ita
ático	noun	spa	attico	noun	ita
átomo	noun	spa	atomo	noun	ita
ébano	noun	spa	ebano	noun	ita
ébola	noun	spa	ebola	noun	ita
ébola	noun	spa	ebola	noun	ita
ébola	noun	spa	ebola	noun	ita
élite	noun	spa	élite	noun	ita
énfasis	noun	spa	enfasi	noun	ita
época	noun	spa	epoca	noun	ita
éxito	noun	spa	successo	noun	ita
éxito	noun	spa	esito	noun	ita
éxodo	noun	spa	esodo	noun	ita
éxtasis	noun	spa	estasi	noun	ita
ídolo	noun	spa	idolo	noun	ita
ímpetu	noun	spa	slancio	noun	ita
índice	noun	spa	indice	noun	ita
ópera	noun	spa	opera	noun	ita
órbita	noun	spa	orbita	noun	ita
órgano	noun	spa	organo	noun	ita
ósmosis	noun	spa	osmosi	noun	ita
óxido	noun	spa	ossido	noun	ita
úlcera	noun	spa	ulcera	noun	ita
útero	noun	spa	utero	noun	ita
abandonar	verb	spa	abbandonare	verb	ita
abastecer	verb	spa	fornire	verb	ita
abastecer	verb	spa	rifornire	verb	ita
abatir	verb	spa	abbattere	verb	ita
abdicar	verb	spa	abdicare	verb	ita
abjurar	verb	spa	abiurare	verb	ita
abolir	verb	spa	abolire	verb	ita
aborrecer	verb	spa	aborrire	verb	ita
abortar	verb	spa	abortire	verb	ita
abrazar	verb	spa	abbracciare	verb	ita
abrevar	verb	spa	abbeverare	verb	ita
abreviar	verb	spa	abbreviare	verb	ita
abrir	verb	spa	aprire	verb	ita
absolver	verb	spa	assolvere	verb	ita
absorber	verb	spa	assorbire	verb	ita
abstener	verb	spa	astenere	verb	ita
abundar	verb	spa	abbondare	verb	ita
abusar	verb	spa	abusare	verb	ita
acabar	verb	spa	terminare	verb	ita
acabar	verb	spa	finire	verb	ita
acampar	verb	spa	accampare	verb	ita
acceder	verb	spa	accedere	verb	ita
acelerar	verb	spa	accelerare	verb	ita
aceptar	verb	spa	accettare	verb	ita
aclamar	verb	spa	acclamare	verb	ita
aclimatar	verb	spa	acclimatare	verb	ita
acoger	verb	spa	accogliere	verb	ita
acompañar	verb	spa	accompagnare	verb	ita
aconsejar	verb	spa	consigliare	verb	ita
acordar	verb	spa	accordare	verb	ita
acordar	verb	spa	ricordare	verb	ita
acreditar	verb	spa	accreditare	verb	ita
activar	verb	spa	attivare	verb	ita
actualizar	verb	spa	aggiornare	verb	ita
actuar	verb	spa	agire	verb	ita
acudir	verb	spa	accorrere	verb	ita
acumular	verb	spa	accumulare	verb	ita
acusar	verb	spa	accusare	verb	ita
adaptar	verb	spa	adattare	verb	ita
adecuar	verb	spa	adeguare	verb	ita
adentrar	verb	spa	addentrare	verb	ita
adherir	verb	spa	aderire	verb	ita
adiestrar	verb	spa	addestrare	verb	ita
adivinar	verb	spa	indovinare	verb	ita
administrar	verb	spa	amministrare	verb	ita
admirar	verb	spa	ammirare	verb	ita
admitir	verb	spa	ammettere	verb	ita
adoptar	verb	spa	adottare	verb	ita
adorar	verb	spa	adorare	verb	ita
adornar	verb	spa	adornare	verb	ita
adosar	verb	spa	addossare	verb	ita
adquirir	verb	spa	acquistare	verb	ita
adquirir	verb	spa	acquisire	verb	ita
aducir	verb	spa	addurre	verb	ita
adular	verb	spa	adulare	verb	ita
adulterar	verb	spa	adulterare	verb	ita
advertir	verb	spa	avvertire	verb	ita
afiliar	verb	spa	affiliare	verb	ita
afinar	verb	spa	raffinare	verb	ita
afirmar	verb	spa	affermare	verb	ita
afligir	verb	spa	affliggere	verb	ita
afrontar	verb	spa	affrontare	verb	ita
agarrar	verb	spa	afferrare	verb	ita
agitar	verb	spa	agitare	verb	ita
aglutinar	verb	spa	agglutinare	verb	ita
agonizar	verb	spa	agonizzare	verb	ita
agradar	verb	spa	piacere	verb	ita
agravar	verb	spa	aggravare	verb	ita
agredir	verb	spa	aggredire	verb	ita
aguantar	verb	spa	tenere	verb	ita
aguardar	verb	spa	aspettare	verb	ita
ahondar	verb	spa	intensificare	verb	ita
ahorrar	verb	spa	risparmiare	verb	ita
alarmar	verb	spa	allarmare	verb	ita
albergar	verb	spa	albergare	verb	ita
alcanzar	verb	spa	raggiungere	verb	ita
alertar	verb	spa	allertare	verb	ita
alienar	verb	spa	alienare	verb	ita
aligerar	verb	spa	alleggerire	verb	ita
alimentar	verb	spa	alimentare	verb	ita
alinear	verb	spa	allineare	verb	ita
aliviar	verb	spa	alleviare	verb	ita
alojar	verb	spa	alloggiare	verb	ita
alterar	verb	spa	alterare	verb	ita
alternar	verb	spa	alternare	verb	ita
aludir	verb	spa	alludere	verb	ita
alzar	verb	spa	alzare	verb	ita
amar	verb	spa	amare	verb	ita
ambientar	verb	spa	ambientare	verb	ita
amenazar	verb	spa	minacciare	verb	ita
amonestar	verb	spa	ammonire	verb	ita
amortizar	verb	spa	ammortizzare	verb	ita
ampliar	verb	spa	ampliare	verb	ita
amplificar	verb	spa	amplificare	verb	ita
analizar	verb	spa	analizzare	verb	ita
anclar	verb	spa	ancorare	verb	ita
andar	verb	spa	camminare	verb	ita
animar	verb	spa	animare	verb	ita
aniquilar	verb	spa	annientare	verb	ita
anotar	verb	spa	annotare	verb	ita
anticipar	verb	spa	anticipare	verb	ita
anunciar	verb	spa	annunciare	verb	ita
aparcar	verb	spa	parcheggiare	verb	ita
aparecer	verb	spa	apparire	verb	ita
aplaudir	verb	spa	applaudire	verb	ita
aplicar	verb	spa	applicare	verb	ita
apostar	verb	spa	scommettere	verb	ita
apoyar	verb	spa	sostenere	verb	ita
apoyar	verb	spa	appoggiare	verb	ita
apreciar	verb	spa	apprezzare	verb	ita
aprender	verb	spa	apprendere	verb	ita
aprender	verb	spa	imparare	verb	ita
aprobar	verb	spa	approvare	verb	ita
aproximar	verb	spa	approssimare	verb	ita
apuntar	verb	spa	puntare	verb	ita
arar	verb	spa	arare	verb	ita
arbitrar	verb	spa	arbitrare	verb	ita
arder	verb	spa	ardere	verb	ita
armar	verb	spa	armare	verb	ita
armonizar	verb	spa	armonizzare	verb	ita
arquear	verb	spa	arcuare	verb	ita
arrestar	verb	spa	arrestare	verb	ita
arribar	verb	spa	arrivare	verb	ita
articular	verb	spa	articolare	verb	ita
asaltar	verb	spa	assaltare	verb	ita
ascender	verb	spa	ascendere	verb	ita
asegurar	verb	spa	assicurare	verb	ita
asesinar	verb	spa	assassinare	verb	ita
asfaltar	verb	spa	asfaltare	verb	ita
asfixiar	verb	spa	asfissiare	verb	ita
asignar	verb	spa	assegnare	verb	ita
asimilar	verb	spa	assimilare	verb	ita
asistir	verb	spa	assistere	verb	ita
asociar	verb	spa	associare	verb	ita
aspirar	verb	spa	aspirare	verb	ita
asumir	verb	spa	assumere	verb	ita
atacar	verb	spa	attaccare	verb	ita
atajar	verb	spa	tagliare	verb	ita
atender	verb	spa	attendere	verb	ita
aterrizar	verb	spa	atterrare	verb	ita
atestiguar	verb	spa	testimoniare	verb	ita
atestiguar	verb	spa	attestare	verb	ita
atraer	verb	spa	attrarre	verb	ita
atravesar	verb	spa	attraversare	verb	ita
atribuir	verb	spa	attribuire	verb	ita
augurar	verb	spa	auspicare	verb	ita
aumentar	verb	spa	aumentare	verb	ita
automatizar	verb	spa	automatizzare	verb	ita
autorizar	verb	spa	autorizzare	verb	ita
avanzar	verb	spa	avanzare	verb	ita
aventajar	verb	spa	avvantaggiare	verb	ita
ayudar	verb	spa	aiutare	verb	ita
azotar	verb	spa	frustare	verb	ita
añadir	verb	spa	aggiungere	verb	ita
bailar	verb	spa	ballare	verb	ita
bajar	verb	spa	abbassare	verb	ita
bajar	verb	spa	scendere	verb	ita
balar	verb	spa	belare	verb	ita
basar	verb	spa	basare	verb	ita
batir	verb	spa	battere	verb	ita
bautizar	verb	spa	battezzare	verb	ita
beber	verb	spa	bere	verb	ita
bendecir	verb	spa	benedire	verb	ita
blanquear	verb	spa	imbiancare	verb	ita
blindar	verb	spa	blindare	verb	ita
bloguear	verb	spa	bloggare	verb	ita
bloquear	verb	spa	bloccare	verb	ita
boicotear	verb	spa	boicottare	verb	ita
bombardear	verb	spa	bombardare	verb	ita
bordar	verb	spa	bordare	verb	ita
borrar	verb	spa	cancellare	verb	ita
brillar	verb	spa	brillare	verb	ita
brindar	verb	spa	brindare	verb	ita
buscar	verb	spa	cercare	verb	ita
buscar	verb	spa	buscare	verb	ita
caber	verb	spa	entrare	verb	ita
caer	verb	spa	cadere	verb	ita
cagar	verb	spa	cacare	verb	ita
cagar	verb	spa	cagare	verb	ita
calar	verb	spa	calare	verb	ita
calcar	verb	spa	calcare	verb	ita
calcular	verb	spa	calcolare	verb	ita
calentar	verb	spa	riscaldare	verb	ita
calibrar	verb	spa	calibrare	verb	ita
calmar	verb	spa	calmare	verb	ita
cambiar	verb	spa	cambiare	verb	ita
caminar	verb	spa	camminare	verb	ita
cantar	verb	spa	cantare	verb	ita
capitalizar	verb	spa	capitalizzare	verb	ita
capitular	verb	spa	capitolare	verb	ita
captar	verb	spa	captare	verb	ita
capturar	verb	spa	catturare	verb	ita
caracterizar	verb	spa	caratterizzare	verb	ita
cargar	verb	spa	caricare	verb	ita
caricaturizar	verb	spa	caricaturare	verb	ita
casar	verb	spa	sposare	verb	ita
cascar	verb	spa	cascare	verb	ita
castigar	verb	spa	castigare	verb	ita
castigar	verb	spa	punire	verb	ita
castrar	verb	spa	castrare	verb	ita
catalogar	verb	spa	catalogare	verb	ita
catapultar	verb	spa	catapultare	verb	ita
causar	verb	spa	causare	verb	ita
cavar	verb	spa	scavare	verb	ita
cazar	verb	spa	cacciare	verb	ita
ceder	verb	spa	cedere	verb	ita
celebrar	verb	spa	celebrare	verb	ita
cenar	verb	spa	cenare	verb	ita
censurar	verb	spa	censurare	verb	ita
centralizar	verb	spa	centralizzare	verb	ita
centrar	verb	spa	centrare	verb	ita
centrar en	verb	spa	centrare su	verb	ita
cerrar	verb	spa	chiudere	verb	ita
certificar	verb	spa	certificare	verb	ita
cesar	verb	spa	cessare	verb	ita
ceñir	verb	spa	cingere	verb	ita
chantajear	verb	spa	ricattare	verb	ita
charlar	verb	spa	chiacchierare	verb	ita
cifrar	verb	spa	cifrare	verb	ita
circular	verb	spa	circolare	verb	ita
circunscribir	verb	spa	circoscrivere	verb	ita
citar	verb	spa	citare	verb	ita
civilizar	verb	spa	civilizzare	verb	ita
clasificar	verb	spa	classificare	verb	ita
clausurar	verb	spa	clausurare	verb	ita
clonar	verb	spa	clonare	verb	ita
cobrar	verb	spa	riscuotere	verb	ita
sacudir	verb	spa	scuotere	verb	ita
cocinar	verb	spa	cucinare	verb	ita
coger	verb	spa	prendere	verb	ita
colaborar	verb	spa	collaborare	verb	ita
colar	verb	spa	colare	verb	ita
colmar	verb	spa	colmare	verb	ita
colocar	verb	spa	collocare	verb	ita
colonizar	verb	spa	colonizzare	verb	ita
colorar	verb	spa	colorare	verb	ita
combinar	verb	spa	combinare	verb	ita
comentar	verb	spa	commentare	verb	ita
comenzar	verb	spa	cominciare	verb	ita
comer	verb	spa	mangiare	verb	ita
comercializar	verb	spa	commercializzare	verb	ita
compactar	verb	spa	compattare	verb	ita
compaginar	verb	spa	compaginare	verb	ita
compartir	verb	spa	condividere	verb	ita
compensar	verb	spa	compensare	verb	ita
complementar	verb	spa	complementare	verb	ita
completar	verb	spa	completare	verb	ita
complicar	verb	spa	complicare	verb	ita
componer	verb	spa	comporre	verb	ita
componer	verb	spa	comporre	verb	ita
comportar	verb	spa	comportare	verb	ita
comprar	verb	spa	comprare	verb	ita
comprender	verb	spa	comprendere	verb	ita
comprobar	verb	spa	comprovare	verb	ita
computar	verb	spa	computare	verb	ita
comunicar	verb	spa	comunicare	verb	ita
concatenar	verb	spa	concatenare	verb	ita
concebir	verb	spa	concepire	verb	ita
conceder	verb	spa	concedere	verb	ita
concentrar	verb	spa	concentrare	verb	ita
concernir	verb	spa	riguardare	verb	ita
concertar	verb	spa	concertare	verb	ita
conciliar	verb	spa	conciliare	verb	ita
concluir	verb	spa	concludere	verb	ita
concordar	verb	spa	concordare	verb	ita
concretar	verb	spa	concretare	verb	ita
condenar	verb	spa	condannare	verb	ita
condicionar	verb	spa	condizionare	verb	ita
conducir	verb	spa	condurre	verb	ita
conducir	verb	spa	guidare	verb	ita
conectar	verb	spa	connettere	verb	ita
conferir	verb	spa	conferire	verb	ita
confesar	verb	spa	confessare	verb	ita
confiar	verb	spa	affidare	verb	ita
confiar	verb	spa	confidare	verb	ita
configurar	verb	spa	configurare	verb	ita
confinar	verb	spa	confinare	verb	ita
confirmar	verb	spa	confermare	verb	ita
confiscar	verb	spa	confiscare	verb	ita
confluir	verb	spa	confluire	verb	ita
conformar	verb	spa	conformare	verb	ita
confrontar	verb	spa	confrontare	verb	ita
confundir	verb	spa	confondere	verb	ita
congelar	verb	spa	congelare	verb	ita
congregar	verb	spa	congregare	verb	ita
conminar	verb	spa	comminare	verb	ita
conmutar	verb	spa	commutare	verb	ita
conocer	verb	spa	conoscere	verb	ita
conquistar	verb	spa	conquistare	verb	ita
consagrar	verb	spa	consacrare	verb	ita
conseguir	verb	spa	conseguire	verb	ita
consentir	verb	spa	consentire	verb	ita
consentir	verb	spa	viziare	verb	ita
conservar	verb	spa	conservare	verb	ita
considerar	verb	spa	considerare	verb	ita
consignar	verb	spa	consenare	verb	ita
consistir	verb	spa	consistere	verb	ita
consolar	verb	spa	consolare	verb	ita
consolidar	verb	spa	consolidare	verb	ita
conspirar	verb	spa	cospirare	verb	ita
constar	verb	spa	constare	verb	ita
constatar	verb	spa	constatare	verb	ita
constituir	verb	spa	costituire	verb	ita
construir	verb	spa	costruire	verb	ita
consultar	verb	spa	consultare	verb	ita
consumar	verb	spa	consumare	verb	ita
contactar	verb	spa	contattare	verb	ita
contagiar	verb	spa	contagiare	verb	ita
contaminar	verb	spa	contaminare	verb	ita
contar	verb	spa	raccontare	verb	ita
contar	verb	spa	contare	verb	ita
contemplar	verb	spa	contemplare	verb	ita
contender	verb	spa	contendere	verb	ita
contener	verb	spa	contenere	verb	ita
contentar	verb	spa	contentare	verb	ita
contestar	verb	spa	contestare	verb	ita
contestar	verb	spa	rispondere	verb	ita
continuar	verb	spa	continuare	verb	ita
contradecir	verb	spa	contraddire	verb	ita
contraer	verb	spa	contrarre	verb	ita
contrastar	verb	spa	contrastare	verb	ita
contribuir	verb	spa	contribuire	verb	ita
controlar	verb	spa	controllare	verb	ita
convencer	verb	spa	convincere	verb	ita
converger	verb	spa	convergere	verb	ita
conversar	verb	spa	conversare	verb	ita
convertir	verb	spa	convertire	verb	ita
convivir	verb	spa	convivere	verb	ita
convocar	verb	spa	convocare	verb	ita
cooperar	verb	spa	cooperare	verb	ita
coordinar	verb	spa	coordinare	verb	ita
copiar	verb	spa	copiare	verb	ita
corregir	verb	spa	correggere	verb	ita
correr	verb	spa	correre	verb	ita
corresponder	verb	spa	corrispondere	verb	ita
cortar	verb	spa	tagliare	verb	ita
coser	verb	spa	cucire	verb	ita
costar	verb	spa	costare	verb	ita
crear	verb	spa	creare	verb	ita
crecer	verb	spa	crescere	verb	ita
creer	verb	spa	credere	verb	ita
cristalizar	verb	spa	cristallizzare	verb	ita
criticar	verb	spa	criticare	verb	ita
cualificar	verb	spa	qualificare	verb	ita
cuantificar	verb	spa	quantificare	verb	ita
cubrir	verb	spa	coprire	verb	ita
cuestionar	verb	spa	questionare	verb	ita
culminar	verb	spa	culminare	verb	ita
cultivar	verb	spa	coltivare	verb	ita
cumplir	verb	spa	compiere	verb	ita
curar	verb	spa	curare	verb	ita
dar	verb	spa	dare	verb	ita
datar	verb	spa	datare	verb	ita
deber	verb	spa	dovere	verb	ita
debilitar	verb	spa	debilitare	verb	ita
debilitar	verb	spa	indebolire	verb	ita
debutar	verb	spa	debuttare	verb	ita
decantar	verb	spa	decantare	verb	ita
decapitar	verb	spa	decapitare	verb	ita
decidir	verb	spa	decidere	verb	ita
decidir	verb	spa	decidere di	verb	ita
decir	verb	spa	dire	verb	ita
declarar	verb	spa	dichiarare	verb	ita
declinar	verb	spa	declinare	verb	ita
decorar	verb	spa	decorare	verb	ita
decretar	verb	spa	decretare	verb	ita
dedicar	verb	spa	dedicare	verb	ita
defender	verb	spa	difendere	verb	ita
definir	verb	spa	definire	verb	ita
defraudar	verb	spa	defraudare	verb	ita
degradar	verb	spa	degradare	verb	ita
degustar	verb	spa	degustare	verb	ita
dejar	verb	spa	lasciare	verb	ita
delegar	verb	spa	delegare	verb	ita
delimitar	verb	spa	delimitare	verb	ita
demandar	verb	spa	denunciare	verb	ita
demoler	verb	spa	demolire	verb	ita
demostrar	verb	spa	dimostrare	verb	ita
denominar	verb	spa	denominare	verb	ita
denotar	verb	spa	denotare	verb	ita
denunciar	verb	spa	denunciare	verb	ita
depender	verb	spa	dipendere	verb	ita
depender de	verb	spa	dipendere da	verb	ita
deplorar	verb	spa	deplorare	verb	ita
deponer	verb	spa	deporre	verb	ita
deportar	verb	spa	deportare	verb	ita
depositar	verb	spa	depositare	verb	ita
depreciar	verb	spa	deprezzare	verb	ita
depurar	verb	spa	depurare	verb	ita
derivar	verb	spa	derivare	verb	ita
derribar	verb	spa	demolire	verb	ita
derrochar	verb	spa	sprecare	verb	ita
derrotar	verb	spa	sconfiggere	verb	ita
desafiar	verb	spa	sfidare	verb	ita
desanimar	verb	spa	disanimare	verb	ita
desanimar	verb	spa	scoraggiare	verb	ita
desaprobar	verb	spa	disapprovare	verb	ita
desarmar	verb	spa	disarmare	verb	ita
desarrollar	verb	spa	sviluppare	verb	ita
desatender	verb	spa	disattendere	verb	ita
desautorizar	verb	spa	scavalcare	verb	ita
desbloquear	verb	spa	sbloccare	verb	ita
descamisar	verb	spa	scamiciare	verb	ita
descargar	verb	spa	scaricare	verb	ita
descompilar	verb	spa	decompilare	verb	ita
descomponer	verb	spa	scomporre	verb	ita
descomponer	verb	spa	decomporre	verb	ita
descongestionar	verb	spa	decongestionare	verb	ita
descontar	verb	spa	scontare	verb	ita
describir	verb	spa	descrivere	verb	ita
descubrir	verb	spa	scoprire	verb	ita
descuidar	verb	spa	trascurare	verb	ita
desear	verb	spa	desiderare	verb	ita
desear	verb	spa	augurare	verb	ita
desembolsar	verb	spa	sborsare	verb	ita
desenmascarar	verb	spa	smascherare	verb	ita
desertar	verb	spa	disertare	verb	ita
deshacer	verb	spa	disfare	verb	ita
deshonrar	verb	spa	disonorare	verb	ita
designar	verb	spa	designare	verb	ita
desilusionar	verb	spa	disilludere	verb	ita
desinfectar	verb	spa	disinfettare	verb	ita
desintegrar	verb	spa	disintegrare	verb	ita
desistir	verb	spa	desistere	verb	ita
desmentir	verb	spa	smentire	verb	ita
desmoralizar	verb	spa	demoralizzare	verb	ita
desnacionalizar	verb	spa	snazionalizzare	verb	ita
desnacionalizar	verb	spa	snazionalizzare	verb	ita
desnaturalizar	verb	spa	snaturare	verb	ita
despreciar	verb	spa	disprezzare	verb	ita
destacar	verb	spa	distaccare	verb	ita
destilar	verb	spa	distillare	verb	ita
destinar	verb	spa	destinare	verb	ita
destruir	verb	spa	distruggere	verb	ita
detener	verb	spa	detenere	verb	ita
determinar	verb	spa	determinare	verb	ita
detestar	verb	spa	detestare	verb	ita
detonar	verb	spa	detonare	verb	ita
devastar	verb	spa	devastare	verb	ita
devorar	verb	spa	divorare	verb	ita
diagnosticar	verb	spa	diagnosticare	verb	ita
dialogar	verb	spa	dialogare	verb	ita
dibujar	verb	spa	disegnare	verb	ita
dictar	verb	spa	dettare	verb	ita
diferenciar	verb	spa	differenziare	verb	ita
difundir	verb	spa	diffondere	verb	ita
dilatar	verb	spa	dilatare	verb	ita
diluir	verb	spa	diluire	verb	ita
dimitir	verb	spa	dimettere	verb	ita
dimitir	verb	spa	rassegnare le dimissioni	verb	ita
dirigir	verb	spa	dirigere	verb	ita
disciplinar	verb	spa	disciplinare	verb	ita
discrepar	verb	spa	discordare	verb	ita
discriminar	verb	spa	discriminare	verb	ita
diseñar	verb	spa	disegnare	verb	ita
disfrutar	verb	spa	gustare	verb	ita
disimular	verb	spa	dissimulare	verb	ita
disipar	verb	spa	dissipare	verb	ita
disminuir	verb	spa	diminuire	verb	ita
dispensar	verb	spa	dispensare	verb	ita
disponer	verb	spa	disporre	verb	ita
disputar	verb	spa	disputare	verb	ita
distar	verb	spa	distare	verb	ita
distribuir	verb	spa	distribuire	verb	ita
divertir	verb	spa	divertire	verb	ita
dividir	verb	spa	dividere	verb	ita
divulgar	verb	spa	divulgare	verb	ita
doblar	verb	spa	raddoppiare	verb	ita
documentar	verb	spa	documentare	verb	ita
doler	verb	spa	dolere	verb	ita
dominar	verb	spa	dominare	verb	ita
donar	verb	spa	donare	verb	ita
dorar	verb	spa	dorare	verb	ita
dormir	verb	spa	dormire	verb	ita
dotar	verb	spa	dotare	verb	ita
drogar	verb	spa	drogare	verb	ita
duplicar	verb	spa	duplicare	verb	ita
durar	verb	spa	durare	verb	ita
echar	verb	spa	gettare	verb	ita
echar de menos	verb	spa	mancare	verb	ita
echar en cara	verb	spa	rinfacciare	verb	ita
echar una cabezadita	verb	spa	fare un pisolino	verb	ita
hacer sentir bien	verb	spa	fare stare bene	verb	ita
edificar	verb	spa	edificare	verb	ita
educar	verb	spa	educare	verb	ita
efectuar	verb	spa	effettuare	verb	ita
ejercitar	verb	spa	esercitare	verb	ita
elaborar	verb	spa	elaborare	verb	ita
elegir	verb	spa	eleggere	verb	ita
elegir	verb	spa	scegliere	verb	ita
elevar	verb	spa	lievietare	verb	ita
elevar	verb	spa	elevare	verb	ita
eliminar	verb	spa	eliminare	verb	ita
emanar	verb	spa	emanare	verb	ita
embarcar	verb	spa	imbarcare	verb	ita
embotellar	verb	spa	imbottigliare	verb	ita
emerger	verb	spa	emergere	verb	ita
emigrar	verb	spa	emigrare	verb	ita
empadronar	verb	spa	censire	verb	ita
empaquetar	verb	spa	impaccare	verb	ita
empeorar	verb	spa	aggravare	verb	ita
empeorar	verb	spa	peggiorare	verb	ita
empezar	verb	spa	iniziare	verb	ita
emplear	verb	spa	impiegare	verb	ita
empobrecer	verb	spa	impoverire	verb	ita
empujar	verb	spa	spingere	verb	ita
emular	verb	spa	emulare	verb	ita
encadenar	verb	spa	incatenare	verb	ita
encantar	verb	spa	incantare	verb	ita
encarnar	verb	spa	incarnare	verb	ita
encender	verb	spa	accendere	verb	ita
encontrar	verb	spa	incontrare	verb	ita
encontrar	verb	spa	trovare	verb	ita
endurecer	verb	spa	indurire	verb	ita
endurecer	verb	spa	inasprire	verb	ita
engañar	verb	spa	ingannare	verb	ita
engordar	verb	spa	ingrassare	verb	ita
enlazar	verb	spa	allacciare	verb	ita
enseñar	verb	spa	insegnare	verb	ita
ensuciar	verb	spa	sporcare	verb	ita
entender	verb	spa	capire	verb	ita
entrar	verb	spa	entrare	verb	ita
entregar	verb	spa	consegnare	verb	ita
entrenar	verb	spa	allenare	verb	ita
entrevistar	verb	spa	intervistare	verb	ita
entusiasmar	verb	spa	entusiasmare	verb	ita
enumerar	verb	spa	elencare	verb	ita
envejecer	verb	spa	invecchiare	verb	ita
envenenar	verb	spa	avvelenare	verb	ita
enviar	verb	spa	inviare	verb	ita
envolver	verb	spa	avvolgere	verb	ita
equilibrar	verb	spa	equilibrare	verb	ita
equipar	verb	spa	equipaggiare	verb	ita
equiparar	verb	spa	equiparare	verb	ita
equivaler	verb	spa	equivalere	verb	ita
equivocar	verb	spa	equivocare	verb	ita
erigir	verb	spa	erigere	verb	ita
erradicar	verb	spa	eradicare	verb	ita
errar	verb	spa	errare	verb	ita
escandalizar	verb	spa	scandalizzare	verb	ita
escapar	verb	spa	scappare	verb	ita
escarbar	verb	spa	stuzzicare	verb	ita
escoger	verb	spa	scegliere	verb	ita
esconder	verb	spa	nascondere	verb	ita
escribir	verb	spa	scrivere	verb	ita
escuchar	verb	spa	ascoltare	verb	ita
escupir	verb	spa	sputare	verb	ita
especializar	verb	spa	specializzare	verb	ita
especificar	verb	spa	specificare	verb	ita
esperar	verb	spa	aspettare	verb	ita
esperar que	verb	spa	sperare che	verb	ita
espiar	verb	spa	spiare	verb	ita
espumar	verb	spa	spumare	verb	ita
estabilizar	verb	spa	stabilizzare	verb	ita
establecer	verb	spa	stabilire	verb	ita
estallar	verb	spa	esplodere	verb	ita
estancar	verb	spa	ristagnare	verb	ita
estandarizar	verb	spa	standardizzare	verb	ita
estar	verb	spa	stare	verb	ita
esterilizar	verb	spa	sterilizzare	verb	ita
estigmatizar	verb	spa	stigmatizzare	verb	ita
estimar	verb	spa	stimare	verb	ita
estipular	verb	spa	stipulare	verb	ita
estudiar	verb	spa	studiare	verb	ita
etiquetar	verb	spa	etichettare	verb	ita
evacuar	verb	spa	evacuare	verb	ita
evaporar	verb	spa	evaporare	verb	ita
evidenciar	verb	spa	evidenziare	verb	ita
evitar	verb	spa	evitare	verb	ita
evocar	verb	spa	evocare	verb	ita
evolucionar	verb	spa	evolvere	verb	ita
exagerar	verb	spa	esagerare	verb	ita
examinar	verb	spa	esaminare	verb	ita
exceptuar	verb	spa	eccettuare	verb	ita
exclamar	verb	spa	esclamare	verb	ita
excluir	verb	spa	escludere	verb	ita
excusar	verb	spa	scusare	verb	ita
exhibir	verb	spa	esibire	verb	ita
exhortar	verb	spa	esortare	verb	ita
exigir	verb	spa	esigere	verb	ita
existir	verb	spa	esistere	verb	ita
experimentar	verb	spa	sperimentare	verb	ita
explicar	verb	spa	spiegare	verb	ita
explorar	verb	spa	esplorare	verb	ita
explotar	verb	spa	sfruttare	verb	ita
exponer	verb	spa	esporre	verb	ita
exportar	verb	spa	esportare	verb	ita
expresar	verb	spa	esprimere	verb	ita
expulsar	verb	spa	espellere	verb	ita
extender	verb	spa	estendere	verb	ita
exterminar	verb	spa	sterminare	verb	ita
extinguir	verb	spa	estinguere	verb	ita
fabricar	verb	spa	fabbricare	verb	ita
facilitar	verb	spa	facilitare	verb	ita
fallar	verb	spa	fallire	verb	ita
fallecer	verb	spa	decedere	verb	ita
falsificar	verb	spa	falsificare	verb	ita
faltar	verb	spa	mancare	verb	ita
fatigar	verb	spa	faticare	verb	ita
favorecer	verb	spa	favorire	verb	ita
fermentar	verb	spa	fermentare	verb	ita
fiar	verb	spa	fidare	verb	ita
figurar	verb	spa	figurare	verb	ita
fijar	verb	spa	fissare	verb	ita
filmar	verb	spa	filmare	verb	ita
filtrar	verb	spa	filtrare	verb	ita
finalizar	verb	spa	finire	verb	ita
financiar	verb	spa	finanziare	verb	ita
fingir	verb	spa	fingere	verb	ita
firmar	verb	spa	firmare	verb	ita
florecer	verb	spa	fiorire	verb	ita
flotar	verb	spa	fluttuare	verb	ita
flotar	verb	spa	galleggiare	verb	ita
fluir	verb	spa	fluire	verb	ita
forestar	verb	spa	rimboscare	verb	ita
formalizar	verb	spa	formalizzare	verb	ita
formar	verb	spa	formare	verb	ita
formar parte	verb	spa	fare parte	verb	ita
formular	verb	spa	formulare	verb	ita
fortalecer	verb	spa	fortificare	verb	ita
forzar	verb	spa	forzare	verb	ita
fotocopiar	verb	spa	fotocopiare	verb	ita
fotografiar	verb	spa	fotografare	verb	ita
fraccionar	verb	spa	frazionare	verb	ita
fregar	verb	spa	strofinare	verb	ita
frenar	verb	spa	frenare	verb	ita
freír	verb	spa	friggere	verb	ita
frustrar	verb	spa	vanificare	verb	ita
frustrar	verb	spa	frustrare	verb	ita
fulminar	verb	spa	fulminare	verb	ita
fumar	verb	spa	fumare	verb	ita
funcionar	verb	spa	funzionare	verb	ita
fundar	verb	spa	fondare	verb	ita
fundir	verb	spa	fondere	verb	ita
galopar	verb	spa	galoppare	verb	ita
ganar	verb	spa	vincere	verb	ita
ganar	verb	spa	guadagnare	verb	ita
garantizar	verb	spa	garantire	verb	ita
generalizar	verb	spa	generalizzare	verb	ita
generar	verb	spa	generare	verb	ita
germinar	verb	spa	germinare	verb	ita
girar	verb	spa	girare	verb	ita
glorificar	verb	spa	glorificare	verb	ita
gobernar	verb	spa	governare	verb	ita
golpear	verb	spa	colpire	verb	ita
grabar	verb	spa	registrare	verb	ita
gratificar	verb	spa	gratificare	verb	ita
gritar	verb	spa	gridare	verb	ita
guiar	verb	spa	guidare	verb	ita
gustar	verb	spa	piacere	verb	ita
habitar	verb	spa	abitare	verb	ita
hablar	verb	spa	parlare	verb	ita
hacer	verb	spa	fare	verb	ita
hallar	verb	spa	trovare	verb	ita
helar	verb	spa	gelare	verb	ita
heredar	verb	spa	ereditare	verb	ita
hinchar	verb	spa	inflazionare	verb	ita
hipotecar	verb	spa	ipotecare	verb	ita
honrar	verb	spa	onorare	verb	ita
huir	verb	spa	fuggire	verb	ita
humanizar	verb	spa	umanizzare	verb	ita
humedecer	verb	spa	inumidire	verb	ita
humillar	verb	spa	umiliare	verb	ita
idealizar	verb	spa	idealizzare	verb	ita
idear	verb	spa	ideare	verb	ita
identificar	verb	spa	identificare	verb	ita
idolatrar	verb	spa	idolatrare	verb	ita
ignorar	verb	spa	ignorare	verb	ita
iluminar	verb	spa	illuminare	verb	ita
ilustrar	verb	spa	illustrare	verb	ita
imaginar	verb	spa	immaginare	verb	ita
imitar	verb	spa	imitare	verb	ita
impartir	verb	spa	impartire	verb	ita
impedir	verb	spa	impedire	verb	ita
imperar	verb	spa	imperare	verb	ita
implementar	verb	spa	attivare	verb	ita
implicar	verb	spa	implicare	verb	ita
importar	verb	spa	importare	verb	ita
importunar	verb	spa	importunare	verb	ita
impregnar	verb	spa	impregnare	verb	ita
impresionar	verb	spa	impressionare	verb	ita
imprimir	verb	spa	stampare	verb	ita
improvisar	verb	spa	improvvisare	verb	ita
impugnar	verb	spa	impugnare	verb	ita
impulsar	verb	spa	impulsare	verb	ita
imputar	verb	spa	imputare	verb	ita
inaugurar	verb	spa	inaugurare	verb	ita
incapacitar	verb	spa	inabilitare	verb	ita
incendiar	verb	spa	incendiare	verb	ita
incentivar	verb	spa	incentivare	verb	ita
incitar	verb	spa	incitare	verb	ita
inclinar	verb	spa	inclinare	verb	ita
incluir	verb	spa	includere	verb	ita
incorporar	verb	spa	incorporare	verb	ita
incrementar	verb	spa	incrementare	verb	ita
incrementar	verb	spa	accrescere	verb	ita
incriminar	verb	spa	incriminare	verb	ita
incubar	verb	spa	incubare	verb	ita
incurrir	verb	spa	incorrere	verb	ita
indagar	verb	spa	indagare	verb	ita
indemnizar	verb	spa	indennizzare	verb	ita
indicar	verb	spa	indicare	verb	ita
inducir	verb	spa	indurre	verb	ita
industrializar	verb	spa	industrializzare	verb	ita
infiltrar	verb	spa	infiltrare	verb	ita
influir	verb	spa	influenzare	verb	ita
informar	verb	spa	informare	verb	ita
informatizar	verb	spa	informatizzare	verb	ita
ingresar	verb	spa	mettere	verb	ita
inhalar	verb	spa	inalare	verb	ita
inhumar	verb	spa	inumare	verb	ita
iniciar	verb	spa	avviare	verb	ita
inscribir	verb	spa	inscrivere	verb	ita
insertar	verb	spa	inserire	verb	ita
insinuar	verb	spa	insinuare	verb	ita
insistir	verb	spa	insistere	verb	ita
inspeccionar	verb	spa	ispezionare	verb	ita
inspirar	verb	spa	inspirare	verb	ita
instalar	verb	spa	installare	verb	ita
instaurar	verb	spa	instaurare	verb	ita
institucionalizar	verb	spa	istituzionalizzare	verb	ita
instruir	verb	spa	istruire	verb	ita
insultar	verb	spa	insultare	verb	ita
integrar	verb	spa	integrare	verb	ita
intensificar	verb	spa	intensificare	verb	ita
intentar	verb	spa	tentare	verb	ita
intentar	verb	spa	cercare di	verb	ita
tratar de	verb	spa	tentare di	verb	ita
intentar	verb	spa	provare a	verb	ita
interactuar	verb	spa	interagire	verb	ita
interceptar	verb	spa	intercettare	verb	ita
interesar	verb	spa	interessare	verb	ita
interiorizar	verb	spa	interiorizzare	verb	ita
internar	verb	spa	internare	verb	ita
interponer	verb	spa	interporre	verb	ita
interpretar	verb	spa	interpretare	verb	ita
interrogar	verb	spa	interrogare	verb	ita
interrumpir	verb	spa	interrompere	verb	ita
intimidar	verb	spa	intimidire	verb	ita
intoxicar	verb	spa	intossicare	verb	ita
introducir	verb	spa	introdurre	verb	ita
inundar	verb	spa	inondare	verb	ita
invalidar	verb	spa	invalidare	verb	ita
inventar	verb	spa	inventare	verb	ita
invertir	verb	spa	invertire	verb	ita
invertir	verb	spa	investire	verb	ita
investigar	verb	spa	investigare	verb	ita
investigar	verb	spa	ricercare	verb	ita
invitar	verb	spa	invitare	verb	ita
invocar	verb	spa	invocare	verb	ita
inyectar	verb	spa	iniettare	verb	ita
ir	verb	spa	andare	verb	ita
irritar	verb	spa	irritare	verb	ita
jugar	verb	spa	giocare	verb	ita
juntar	verb	spa	raccordare	verb	ita
jurar	verb	spa	giurare	verb	ita
justificar	verb	spa	giustificare	verb	ita
juzgar	verb	spa	giudicare	verb	ita
lamentar	verb	spa	lamentare	verb	ita
lanzar	verb	spa	lanciare	verb	ita
lanzar	verb	spa	varare	verb	ita
laquear	verb	spa	laccare	verb	ita
lavar	verb	spa	lavare	verb	ita
leer	verb	spa	leggere	verb	ita
legalizar	verb	spa	legalizzare	verb	ita
legar	verb	spa	legare	verb	ita
legitimar	verb	spa	legittimare	verb	ita
levantar	verb	spa	alzare	verb	ita
liberalizar	verb	spa	liberalizzare	verb	ita
liberar	verb	spa	liberare	verb	ita
licenciar	verb	spa	licenziare	verb	ita
limitar	verb	spa	limitare	verb	ita
liquidar	verb	spa	liquidare	verb	ita
listar	verb	spa	listare	verb	ita
llamar	verb	spa	chiamare	verb	ita
llegar	verb	spa	arrivare	verb	ita
llegar	verb	spa	giungere	verb	ita
llevar	verb	spa	portare	verb	ita
llevar	verb	spa	portare via	verb	ita
llorar	verb	spa	piangere	verb	ita
llover	verb	spa	piovere	verb	ita
localizar	verb	spa	localizzare	verb	ita
lograr	verb	spa	riuscire	verb	ita
lograr	verb	spa	riuscire a	verb	ita
luchar	verb	spa	combattere	verb	ita
lustrar	verb	spa	lustrare	verb	ita
madurar	verb	spa	maturare	verb	ita
malgastar	verb	spa	sprecare	verb	ita
malversar	verb	spa	malversare	verb	ita
mandar	verb	spa	comandare	verb	ita
mandar	verb	spa	mandare	verb	ita
manifestar	verb	spa	manifestare	verb	ita
maniobrar	verb	spa	manovrare	verb	ita
mantener	verb	spa	mantenere	verb	ita
marcar	verb	spa	marcare	verb	ita
marginar	verb	spa	marginare	verb	ita
masticar	verb	spa	masticare	verb	ita
matar	verb	spa	uccidere	verb	ita
materializar	verb	spa	materializzare	verb	ita
mecanizar	verb	spa	meccanizzare	verb	ita
mediar	verb	spa	mediare	verb	ita
mejorar	verb	spa	migliorare	verb	ita
memorizar	verb	spa	memorizzare	verb	ita
mencionar	verb	spa	menzionare	verb	ita
menguar	verb	spa	diminuire	verb	ita
mentir	verb	spa	mentire	verb	ita
merecer	verb	spa	meritare	verb	ita
mermar	verb	spa	diminuire	verb	ita
meter	verb	spa	mettere	verb	ita
mezclar	verb	spa	miscelare	verb	ita
mezclar	verb	spa	mischiare	verb	ita
militar	verb	spa	militare	verb	ita
mirar	verb	spa	guardare	verb	ita
mitigar	verb	spa	mitigare	verb	ita
moderar	verb	spa	moderare	verb	ita
modernizar	verb	spa	modernizzare	verb	ita
modificar	verb	spa	modificare	verb	ita
modular	verb	spa	modulare	verb	ita
mojar	verb	spa	bagnare	verb	ita
molestar	verb	spa	molestare	verb	ita
mondar	verb	spa	mondare	verb	ita
monopolizar	verb	spa	monopolizzare	verb	ita
montar	verb	spa	montare	verb	ita
morar	verb	spa	abitare	verb	ita
morder	verb	spa	mordere	verb	ita
morir	verb	spa	morire	verb	ita
mortificar	verb	spa	mortificare	verb	ita
mostrar	verb	spa	mostrare	verb	ita
motivar	verb	spa	motivare	verb	ita
motorizar	verb	spa	motorizzare	verb	ita
mover	verb	spa	muovere	verb	ita
multar	verb	spa	multare	verb	ita
multiplicar	verb	spa	moltiplicare	verb	ita
murmurar	verb	spa	mormorare	verb	ita
mutar	verb	spa	mutare	verb	ita
nacer	verb	spa	nascere	verb	ita
nacionalizar	verb	spa	nazionalizzare	verb	ita
nadar	verb	spa	nuotare	verb	ita
narrar	verb	spa	narrare	verb	ita
naufragar	verb	spa	naufragare	verb	ita
navegar	verb	spa	navigare	verb	ita
necesitar	verb	spa	necessitare	verb	ita
negar	verb	spa	negare	verb	ita
neutralizar	verb	spa	neutralizzare	verb	ita
nivelar	verb	spa	livellare	verb	ita
nombrar	verb	spa	nominare	verb	ita
nominar	verb	spa	nominare	verb	ita
normalizar	verb	spa	normalizzare	verb	ita
notar	verb	spa	notare	verb	ita
notificar	verb	spa	notificare	verb	ita
numerar	verb	spa	numerare	verb	ita
obligar	verb	spa	obbligare	verb	ita
observar	verb	spa	osservare	verb	ita
obstruir	verb	spa	ostruire	verb	ita
obtener	verb	spa	ottenere	verb	ita
ocupar	verb	spa	occupare	verb	ita
ocurrir	verb	spa	occorrere	verb	ita
odiar	verb	spa	odiare	verb	ita
ofender	verb	spa	offendere	verb	ita
ofrecer	verb	spa	offrire	verb	ita
operar	verb	spa	operare	verb	ita
opinar	verb	spa	opinare	verb	ita
optar	verb	spa	optare	verb	ita
optimizar	verb	spa	ottimizzare	verb	ita
orbitar	verb	spa	orbitare	verb	ita
ordenar	verb	spa	ordinare	verb	ita
organizar	verb	spa	organizzare	verb	ita
orientar	verb	spa	orientare	verb	ita
orinar	verb	spa	orinare	verb	ita
ornamentar	verb	spa	ornare	verb	ita
osar	verb	spa	osare	verb	ita
oscilar	verb	spa	oscillare	verb	ita
oscurecer	verb	spa	oscurare	verb	ita
pagar	verb	spa	pagare	verb	ita
paralizar	verb	spa	paralizzare	verb	ita
parar	verb	spa	fermare	verb	ita
parecer	verb	spa	parere	verb	ita
parecer	verb	spa	sembrare	verb	ita
parir	verb	spa	partorire	verb	ita
participar	verb	spa	partecipare	verb	ita
partir	verb	spa	partire	verb	ita
pasar	verb	spa	passare	verb	ita
pedir	verb	spa	chiedere	verb	ita
pegar	verb	spa	attaccare	verb	ita
pegar	verb	spa	incollare	verb	ita
pelar	verb	spa	pelare	verb	ita
pelear	verb	spa	litigare	verb	ita
pender	verb	spa	pendere	verb	ita
penetrar	verb	spa	penetrare	verb	ita
pensar	verb	spa	pensare	verb	ita
percibir	verb	spa	percepire	verb	ita
perder	verb	spa	perdere	verb	ita
perdonar	verb	spa	perdonare	verb	ita
perfeccionar	verb	spa	perfezionare	verb	ita
perfilar	verb	spa	delineare	verb	ita
perfumar	verb	spa	profumare	verb	ita
perjudicar	verb	spa	pregiudicare	verb	ita
permanecer	verb	spa	permanere	verb	ita
permitir	verb	spa	permettere	verb	ita
perpetrar	verb	spa	perpetrare	verb	ita
perpetuar	verb	spa	perpetuare	verb	ita
perseguir	verb	spa	perseguire	verb	ita
pertenecer	verb	spa	appartenere	verb	ita
perturbar	verb	spa	perturbare	verb	ita
pesar	verb	spa	pesare	verb	ita
pescar	verb	spa	pescare	verb	ita
pilotar	verb	spa	pilotare	verb	ita
pintar	verb	spa	dipingere	verb	ita
plagiar	verb	spa	plagiare	verb	ita
planear	verb	spa	pianificare	verb	ita
planificar	verb	spa	pianificare	verb	ita
plantar	verb	spa	piantare	verb	ita
plantear	verb	spa	sollevare	verb	ita
plasmar	verb	spa	plasmare	verb	ita
plegar	verb	spa	piegare	verb	ita
poblar	verb	spa	popolare	verb	ita
polarizar	verb	spa	polarizzare	verb	ita
ponderar	verb	spa	ponderare	verb	ita
poner	verb	spa	mettere	verb	ita
poner	verb	spa	porre	verb	ita
poner	verb	spa	apporre	verb	ita
portar	verb	spa	portare	verb	ita
posar	verb	spa	posare	verb	ita
poseer	verb	spa	possedere	verb	ita
practicar	verb	spa	praticare	verb	ita
preceder	verb	spa	precedere	verb	ita
precipitar	verb	spa	precipitare	verb	ita
precisar	verb	spa	precisare	verb	ita
predeterminar	verb	spa	predeterminare	verb	ita
predicar	verb	spa	predicare	verb	ita
predominar	verb	spa	predominare	verb	ita
prefabricar	verb	spa	prefabbricare	verb	ita
preferir	verb	spa	preferire	verb	ita
preguntar	verb	spa	domandare	verb	ita
premiar	verb	spa	premiare	verb	ita
preparar	verb	spa	preparare	verb	ita
prescindir	verb	spa	prescindere	verb	ita
prescribir	verb	spa	prescrivere	verb	ita
presentar	verb	spa	candidare	verb	ita
presentar	verb	spa	presentare	verb	ita
preservar	verb	spa	preservare	verb	ita
presionar	verb	spa	premere	verb	ita
prestar	verb	spa	prestare	verb	ita
presuponer	verb	spa	presupporre	verb	ita
pretender	verb	spa	pretendere	verb	ita
prevaler	verb	spa	prevalere	verb	ita
prevenir	verb	spa	prevenire	verb	ita
prever	verb	spa	prevedere	verb	ita
privar	verb	spa	privare	verb	ita
privatizar	verb	spa	privatizzare	verb	ita
privilegiar	verb	spa	privilegiare	verb	ita
proceder	verb	spa	provenire	verb	ita
proclamar	verb	spa	proclamare	verb	ita
procrear	verb	spa	procreare	verb	ita
procurar	verb	spa	procurare	verb	ita
producir	verb	spa	produrre	verb	ita
programar	verb	spa	programmare	verb	ita
prohibir	verb	spa	proibire	verb	ita
proliferar	verb	spa	proliferare	verb	ita
prometer	verb	spa	promettere	verb	ita
promover	verb	spa	promuovere	verb	ita
pronunciar	verb	spa	pronunciare	verb	ita
propagar	verb	spa	propagare	verb	ita
proponer	verb	spa	proporre	verb	ita
prorrogar	verb	spa	prorogare	verb	ita
proseguir	verb	spa	proseguire	verb	ita
prosperar	verb	spa	prosperare	verb	ita
prostituir	verb	spa	prostituire	verb	ita
proteger	verb	spa	proteggere	verb	ita
protestar	verb	spa	protestare	verb	ita
proveer	verb	spa	provvedere	verb	ita
provenir	verb	spa	provenire	verb	ita
provocar	verb	spa	provocare	verb	ita
proyectar	verb	spa	progettare	verb	ita
publicar	verb	spa	pubblicare	verb	ita
pugnar	verb	spa	pugnare	verb	ita
pulir	verb	spa	lucidare	verb	ita
pulsar	verb	spa	pulsare	verb	ita
pulverizar	verb	spa	impolverare	verb	ita
quedar	verb	spa	restare	verb	ita
quedar	verb	spa	rimanere	verb	ita
quejar	verb	spa	lamentare	verb	ita
quemar	verb	spa	bruciare	verb	ita
querellar	verb	spa	querelare	verb	ita
querer	verb	spa	amare	verb	ita
quitar	verb	spa	togliere	verb	ita
radicar	verb	spa	radicare	verb	ita
rascar	verb	spa	grattare	verb	ita
ratificar	verb	spa	ratificare	verb	ita
razonar	verb	spa	ragionare	verb	ita
reabrir	verb	spa	riaprire	verb	ita
reaccionar	verb	spa	reagire	verb	ita
reactivar	verb	spa	riattivare	verb	ita
realizar	verb	spa	realizzare	verb	ita
reanimar	verb	spa	rianimare	verb	ita
rearmar	verb	spa	riarmare	verb	ita
rechazar	verb	spa	rifiutare	verb	ita
recibir	verb	spa	ricevere	verb	ita
reciclar	verb	spa	riciclare	verb	ita
recitar	verb	spa	recitare	verb	ita
reclamar	verb	spa	reclamare	verb	ita
recoger	verb	spa	raccogliere	verb	ita
recomendar	verb	spa	raccomandare	verb	ita
recompensar	verb	spa	ricompensare	verb	ita
reconciliar	verb	spa	riconciliare	verb	ita
reconocer	verb	spa	riconoscere	verb	ita
reconsiderar	verb	spa	riconsiderare	verb	ita
reconstituir	verb	spa	ricostituire	verb	ita
reconstruir	verb	spa	ricostruire	verb	ita
reconstruir	verb	spa	ricostruire	verb	ita
recordar	verb	spa	ricordare	verb	ita
recorrer	verb	spa	ricorrere	verb	ita
recrear	verb	spa	ricreare	verb	ita
recuperar	verb	spa	recuperare	verb	ita
recurrir	verb	spa	ricorrere	verb	ita
redefinir	verb	spa	ridefinire	verb	ita
redimensionar	verb	spa	ridimensionare	verb	ita
redistribuir	verb	spa	redistribuire	verb	ita
redoblar	verb	spa	raddoppiare	verb	ita
reducir	verb	spa	ridurre	verb	ita
reestructurar	verb	spa	ristrutturare	verb	ita
reexaminar	verb	spa	riesaminare	verb	ita
referir	verb	spa	riferire	verb	ita
refrescar	verb	spa	rinfrescare	verb	ita
regalar	verb	spa	regalare	verb	ita
registrar	verb	spa	registrare	verb	ita
reglamentar	verb	spa	regolamentare	verb	ita
reglar	verb	spa	regolare	verb	ita
regresar	verb	spa	ritornare	verb	ita
regular	verb	spa	regolare	verb	ita
regularizar	verb	spa	regolarizzare	verb	ita
reinar	verb	spa	regnare	verb	ita
reinvertir	verb	spa	reinvestire	verb	ita
reivindicar	verb	spa	rivendicare	verb	ita
relacionar	verb	spa	relazionare	verb	ita
relevar	verb	spa	rilevare	verb	ita
rellenar	verb	spa	riempire	verb	ita
remitir	verb	spa	trasmettere	verb	ita
remodelar	verb	spa	rimodellare	verb	ita
remontar	verb	spa	risalire	verb	ita
remover	verb	spa	rimuovere	verb	ita
rendir	verb	spa	rendere	verb	ita
renegociar	verb	spa	rinegoziare	verb	ita
renovar	verb	spa	rinnovare	verb	ita
reorganizar	verb	spa	riorganizzare	verb	ita
reorientar	verb	spa	riorientare	verb	ita
reparar	verb	spa	riparare	verb	ita
repartir	verb	spa	ripartire	verb	ita
repartir	verb	spa	distribuire	verb	ita
repatriar	verb	spa	rimpatriare	verb	ita
repeler	verb	spa	repellere	verb	ita
repetir	verb	spa	ripetere	verb	ita
replicar	verb	spa	replicare	verb	ita
reportar	verb	spa	riportare	verb	ita
representar	verb	spa	rappresentare	verb	ita
reprimir	verb	spa	reprimere	verb	ita
reprobar	verb	spa	addebitare	verb	ita
requerir	verb	spa	richiedere	verb	ita
resbalar	verb	spa	scivolare	verb	ita
reservar	verb	spa	prenotare	verb	ita
reservar	verb	spa	riservare	verb	ita
resguardar	verb	spa	cautelare	verb	ita
resolver	verb	spa	risolvere	verb	ita
respirar	verb	spa	respirare	verb	ita
responder	verb	spa	rispondere	verb	ita
restablecer	verb	spa	ristabilire	verb	ita
restar	verb	spa	restare	verb	ita
restaurar	verb	spa	restaurare	verb	ita
restituir	verb	spa	restituire	verb	ita
devolver	verb	spa	restituire	verb	ita
resultar	verb	spa	risultare	verb	ita
resumir	verb	spa	riassumere	verb	ita
retirar	verb	spa	ritirare	verb	ita
retorcer	verb	spa	ritorcere	verb	ita
retorcer	verb	spa	storcere	verb	ita
retornar	verb	spa	ritornare	verb	ita
retroceder	verb	spa	retrocedere	verb	ita
reunir	verb	spa	riunire	verb	ita
revelar	verb	spa	rivelare	verb	ita
revelar	verb	spa	sviluppare	verb	ita
revisar	verb	spa	revisionare	verb	ita
revitalizar	verb	spa	rivitalizzare	verb	ita
revolucionar	verb	spa	rivoluzionare	verb	ita
rezar	verb	spa	pregare	verb	ita
ritmar	verb	spa	ritmare	verb	ita
robar	verb	spa	rubare	verb	ita
rodear	verb	spa	circondare	verb	ita
rogar	verb	spa	pregare	verb	ita
romper	verb	spa	rompere	verb	ita
rubricar	verb	spa	siglare	verb	ita
saber	verb	spa	sapere	verb	ita
sacar	verb	spa	togliere	verb	ita
sacrificar	verb	spa	sacrificare	verb	ita
saldar	verb	spa	saldare	verb	ita
salir	verb	spa	uscire	verb	ita
salivar	verb	spa	salivare	verb	ita
saltar	verb	spa	saltare	verb	ita
saludar	verb	spa	salutare	verb	ita
salvaguardar	verb	spa	salvaguardare	verb	ita
salvar	verb	spa	salvare	verb	ita
sanar	verb	spa	sanare	verb	ita
sancionar	verb	spa	sanzionare	verb	ita
santificar	verb	spa	santificare	verb	ita
satisfacer	verb	spa	soddisfare	verb	ita
saturar	verb	spa	saturare	verb	ita
secar	verb	spa	asciugare	verb	ita
secar	verb	spa	seccare	verb	ita
seguir	verb	spa	seguire	verb	ita
sembrar	verb	spa	seminare	verb	ita
sensibilizar	verb	spa	sensibilizzare	verb	ita
sentar	verb	spa	sedere	verb	ita
sentir	verb	spa	sentire	verb	ita
separar	verb	spa	separare	verb	ita
serrar	verb	spa	serrare	verb	ita
servir	verb	spa	servire	verb	ita
señalar	verb	spa	segnalare	verb	ita
significar	verb	spa	significare	verb	ita
simbolizar	verb	spa	simboleggiare	verb	ita
simplificar	verb	spa	semplificare	verb	ita
simular	verb	spa	simulare	verb	ita
sincronizar	verb	spa	sincronizzare	verb	ita
sistematizar	verb	spa	sistematizzare	verb	ita
situar	verb	spa	situare	verb	ita
sobornar	verb	spa	corrompere	verb	ita
sobrevenir	verb	spa	sopravvenire	verb	ita
socavar	verb	spa	scavare	verb	ita
socorrer	verb	spa	soccorrere	verb	ita
sofisticar	verb	spa	falsificare	verb	ita
soler	verb	spa	solere	verb	ita
solicitar	verb	spa	sollecitare	verb	ita
soltar	verb	spa	liberare	verb	ita
solucionar	verb	spa	risolvere	verb	ita
sonar	verb	spa	suonare	verb	ita
soplar	verb	spa	soffiare	verb	ita
soportar	verb	spa	sopportare	verb	ita
sorprender	verb	spa	sorprendere	verb	ita
sostener	verb	spa	sostenere	verb	ita
soñar	verb	spa	sognare	verb	ita
subestimar	verb	spa	sottovalutare	verb	ita
subir	verb	spa	salire	verb	ita
sublimar	verb	spa	sublimare	verb	ita
substraer	verb	spa	sottrarre	verb	ita
subvencionar	verb	spa	sovvenzionare	verb	ita
suceder	verb	spa	accadere	verb	ita
suceder	verb	spa	succedere	verb	ita
sudar	verb	spa	sudare	verb	ita
sufrir	verb	spa	soffrire	verb	ita
sufrir	verb	spa	subire	verb	ita
superar	verb	spa	superare	verb	ita
supervisar	verb	spa	supervisionare	verb	ita
suplicar	verb	spa	supplicare	verb	ita
suponer	verb	spa	supporre	verb	ita
surgir	verb	spa	sorgere	verb	ita
suscitar	verb	spa	suscitare	verb	ita
suspender	verb	spa	sospendere	verb	ita
suspender	verb	spa	bocciare	verb	ita
suspirar	verb	spa	sospirare	verb	ita
sustituir	verb	spa	sostituire	verb	ita
sustraer	verb	spa	sottrarre	verb	ita
tardar	verb	spa	tardare	verb	ita
teclear	verb	spa	digitare	verb	ita
telefonear	verb	spa	telefonare	verb	ita
televisar	verb	spa	teletrasmettere	verb	ita
temblar	verb	spa	tremare	verb	ita
temer	verb	spa	temere	verb	ita
temperar	verb	spa	temperare	verb	ita
tender	verb	spa	stendere	verb	ita
tender	verb	spa	tendere	verb	ita
tener	verb	spa	avere	verb	ita
tener de plazo	verb	spa	avere tempo	verb	ita
tentar	verb	spa	tentare	verb	ita
terminar	verb	spa	terminare	verb	ita
testar	verb	spa	testare	verb	ita
testimoniar	verb	spa	testimoniare	verb	ita
tirar	verb	spa	gettare	verb	ita
tirar	verb	spa	tirare	verb	ita
titular	verb	spa	intitolare	verb	ita
tocar	verb	spa	suonare	verb	ita
tocar	verb	spa	sonare	verb	ita
tocar	verb	spa	toccare	verb	ita
tolerar	verb	spa	tollerare	verb	ita
tomar	verb	spa	prendere	verb	ita
torcer	verb	spa	torcere	verb	ita
tornar	verb	spa	tornare	verb	ita
torturar	verb	spa	torturare	verb	ita
tostar	verb	spa	tostare	verb	ita
trabajar	verb	spa	lavorare	verb	ita
trabar	verb	spa	sviluppare	verb	ita
traducir	verb	spa	tradurre	verb	ita
traer	verb	spa	portare	verb	ita
tramar	verb	spa	tramare	verb	ita
transferir	verb	spa	trasferire	verb	ita
transformar	verb	spa	trasformare	verb	ita
transgredir	verb	spa	trasgredire	verb	ita
transitar	verb	spa	transitare	verb	ita
transliterar	verb	spa	traslitterare	verb	ita
transmitir	verb	spa	trasmettere	verb	ita
transportar	verb	spa	trasportare	verb	ita
trasladar	verb	spa	spostare	verb	ita
trasplantar	verb	spa	trapiantare	verb	ita
tratar	verb	spa	trattare	verb	ita
tributar	verb	spa	tributare	verb	ita
triplicar	verb	spa	triplicare	verb	ita
triunfar	verb	spa	trionfare	verb	ita
truncar	verb	spa	troncare	verb	ita
tutelar	verb	spa	tutelare	verb	ita
ubicar	verb	spa	ubicare	verb	ita
unificar	verb	spa	unificare	verb	ita
uniformar	verb	spa	uniformare	verb	ita
unir	verb	spa	unire	verb	ita
urgir	verb	spa	urgere	verb	ita
usar	verb	spa	usare	verb	ita
usurpar	verb	spa	usurpare	verb	ita
utilizar	verb	spa	utilizzare	verb	ita
vacilar	verb	spa	vacillare	verb	ita
vagar	verb	spa	vagare	verb	ita
valer	verb	spa	valere	verb	ita
validar	verb	spa	convalidare	verb	ita
validar	verb	spa	validare	verb	ita
valorar	verb	spa	valutare	verb	ita
vaporizar	verb	spa	vaporizzare	verb	ita
variar	verb	spa	variare	verb	ita
vencer	verb	spa	vincere	verb	ita
vender	verb	spa	vendere	verb	ita
venerar	verb	spa	venerare	verb	ita
venir	verb	spa	venire	verb	ita
ventilar	verb	spa	ventilare	verb	ita
ver	verb	spa	vedere	verb	ita
verificar	verb	spa	verificare	verb	ita
versar	verb	spa	versare	verb	ita
vestir	verb	spa	vestire	verb	ita
viajar	verb	spa	viaggiare	verb	ita
vibrar	verb	spa	vibrare	verb	ita
vigilar	verb	spa	vigilare	verb	ita
violar	verb	spa	violare	verb	ita
violentar	verb	spa	violentare	verb	ita
virar	verb	spa	virare	verb	ita
visar	verb	spa	vistare	verb	ita
visionar	verb	spa	visionare	verb	ita
visitar	verb	spa	visitare	verb	ita
visualizar	verb	spa	visualizzare	verb	ita
vivir	verb	spa	vivere	verb	ita
volar	verb	spa	volare	verb	ita
volver	verb	spa	tornare	verb	ita
vomitar	verb	spa	vomitare	verb	ita
votar	verb	spa	votare	verb	ita
ser	verb	spa	essere	verb	ita
ser	verb	spa	essere	verb	ita
ser	verb	spa	essere	verb	ita
deber	modal	spa	dovere	modal	ita
deber de	modal	spa	dovere	modal	ita
haber que	modal	spa	avere bisogno di	modal	ita
haber de	modal	spa	dovere	modal	ita
necesitar	verb	spa	avere bisogno di	modal	ita
necesitar	verb	spa	bisognare	modal	ita
necesitar que	verb	spa	avere bisogno che	modal	ita
poder	modal	spa	potere	modal	ita
querer	modal	spa	volere	modal	ita
ser preciso	modal	spa	essere necessario	modal	ita
tener que	modal	spa	dovere	modal	ita
hacer falta	modal	spa	servire	verb	ita
abarcar	verb	spa	comprendere	verb	ita
abordar	verb	spa	affrontare	verb	ita
accionar	verb	spa	azionare	verb	ita
acercar	verb	spa	avvicinare	verb	ita
acertar	verb	spa	azzeccare	verb	ita
achacar	verb	spa	addebitare	verb	ita
aclarar	verb	spa	chiarire	verb	ita
actuar	verb	spa	attuare	verb	ita
afectar	verb	spa	incidere	verb	ita
aflojar	verb	spa	allentare	verb	ita
afrontar	verb	spa	fronteggiare	verb	ita
agradecer	verb	spa	ringraziare	verb	ita
agrandar	verb	spa	ingrandire	verb	ita
agregar	verb	spa	aggiungere	verb	ita
agrietar	verb	spa	spezzare	verb	ita
agujerear	verb	spa	bucare	verb	ita
aislar	verb	spa	isolare	verb	ita
aislar	verb	spa	isolare	verb	ita
ajustar	verb	spa	regolare	verb	ita
ajustar	verb	spa	aggiustare	verb	ita
alargar	verb	spa	allungare	verb	ita
alegar	verb	spa	allegare	verb	ita
alejar	verb	spa	allontanare	verb	ita
alejar	verb	spa	allontanare	verb	ita
alentar	verb	spa	incoraggiare	verb	ita
alimentar	verb	spa	nutrire	verb	ita
alimentar	verb	spa	sfamare	verb	ita
almacenar	verb	spa	immagazzinare	verb	ita
almorzar	verb	spa	pranzare	verb	ita
alquilar	verb	spa	affittare	verb	ita
amanecer	verb	spa	albeggiare	verb	ita
apagar	verb	spa	spegnere	verb	ita
aparear	verb	spa	accoppiare	verb	ita
aparecer	verb	spa	comparire	verb	ita
aparecer	verb	spa	spuntare	verb	ita
apasionar	verb	spa	appassionare	verb	ita
aplicar	verb	spa	implementare	verb	ita
aportar	verb	spa	apportare	verb	ita
aportar	verb	spa	contribuire	verb	ita
apoyar	verb	spa	supportare	verb	ita
apretar	verb	spa	premere	verb	ita
aprovechar	verb	spa	sfruttare	verb	ita
archivar	verb	spa	archiviare	verb	ita
argumentar	verb	spa	argomentare	verb	ita
arrancar	verb	spa	fare partire	verb	ita
arrastrar	verb	spa	trascinare	verb	ita
arrastrar	verb	spa	trascinare	verb	ita
arreglar	verb	spa	sistemare	verb	ita
arreglar	verb	spa	sistemare	verb	ita
arriesgar	verb	spa	rischiare	verb	ita
arrimar	verb	spa	avvicinare	verb	ita
arrojar	verb	spa	gettare	verb	ita
asistir	verb	spa	frequentare	verb	ita
asustar	verb	spa	spaventare	verb	ita
asustar	verb	spa	spaventare	verb	ita
atentar	verb	spa	attentare	verb	ita
atenuar	verb	spa	attenuare	verb	ita
atraer	verb	spa	attirare	verb	ita
atrapar	verb	spa	catturare	verb	ita
aumentar	verb	spa	impennare	verb	ita
avanzar	verb	spa	progredire	verb	ita
aventurar	verb	spa	aventurare	verb	ita
averiguar	verb	spa	scoprire	verb	ita
avisar	verb	spa	avvertire	verb	ita
bastar	verb	spa	bastare	verb	ita
batir	verb	spa	battere	verb	ita
beneficiar	verb	spa	beneficiare	verb	ita
bombear	verb	spa	pompare	verb	ita
brillar	verb	spa	brillare	verb	ita
bromear	verb	spa	scherzare	verb	ita
bromear	verb	spa	scherzare	verb	ita
bucear	verb	spa	immergere	verb	ita
caminar	verb	spa	camminare	verb	ita
carecer	verb	spa	essere carente	verb	ita
celebrar	verb	spa	festeggiare	verb	ita
chocar	verb	spa	scontrare	verb	ita
cimentar	verb	spa	cementare	verb	ita
clicar	verb	spa	cliccare	verb	ita
cocer	verb	spa	cuocere	verb	ita
codificar	verb	spa	codificare	verb	ita
codificar	verb	spa	codificare	verb	ita
coger	verb	spa	cogliere	verb	ita
coincidir	verb	spa	coincidere	verb	ita
colapsar	verb	spa	collassare	verb	ita
combatir	verb	spa	combattere	verb	ita
cometer	verb	spa	commettere	verb	ita
comparar	verb	spa	paragonare	verb	ita
comparar	verb	spa	paragonare	verb	ita
compartir	verb	spa	condividere	verb	ita
competir	verb	spa	concorrere	verb	ita
competir	verb	spa	competere	verb	ita
complacer	verb	spa	compiacere	verb	ita
comprometer	verb	spa	compromettere	verb	ita
comprometer	verb	spa	impegnare	verb	ita
comprometer	verb	spa	coinvolgere	verb	ita
comprometer	verb	spa	coinvolgere	verb	ita
concurrir	verb	spa	concorrere	verb	ita
condenar	verb	spa	condannare	verb	ita
conducir	verb	spa	guidare	verb	ita
conectar	verb	spa	collegare	verb	ita
conllevar	verb	spa	comportare	verb	ita
considerar	verb	spa	ritenere	verb	ita
construir	verb	spa	costruire	verb	ita
consumir	verb	spa	mangiare	verb	ita
contrarrestar	verb	spa	controbilanciare	verb	ita
contratar	verb	spa	assumere	verb	ita
controlar	verb	spa	monitorare	verb	ita
convertir	verb	spa	devenire	verb	ita
cosechar	verb	spa	raccogliere	verb	ita
crecer	verb	spa	crescere	verb	ita
crecer	verb	spa	crescere	verb	ita
creer	verb	spa	credere	verb	ita
criar	verb	spa	crescere	verb	ita
criar	verb	spa	allevare	verb	ita
criar	verb	spa	allevare	verb	ita
cruzar	verb	spa	attraversare	verb	ita
cuidar	verb	spa	prendere cura	verb	ita
culpabilizar	verb	spa	colpevolizzare	verb	ita
culpar	verb	spa	incolpare	verb	ita
dar lugar	verb	spa	avvenire	verb	ita
dañar	verb	spa	danneggiare	verb	ita
debatir	verb	spa	dibattere	verb	ita
decaer	verb	spa	decadere	verb	ita
dejar	verb	spa	smettere	verb	ita
dejar	verb	spa	lasciare	verb	ita
desactivar	verb	spa	disattivare	verb	ita
desaparecer	verb	spa	scomparire	verb	ita
desaparecer	verb	spa	scomparire	verb	ita
desaparecer	verb	spa	sparire	verb	ita
desatar	verb	spa	scatenare	verb	ita
desatar	verb	spa	liberare	verb	ita
descansar	verb	spa	riposare	verb	ita
descender	verb	spa	scendere	verb	ita
descifrar	verb	spa	decifrare	verb	ita
descifrar	verb	spa	decifrare	verb	ita
desconocer	verb	spa	ignorare	verb	ita
descubrir	verb	spa	scovare	verb	ita
desempeñar	verb	spa	svolgere	verb	ita
desempeñar	verb	spa	svolgere	verb	ita
desencadenar	verb	spa	innescare	verb	ita
desencadenar	verb	spa	scatenare	verb	ita
desentrañar	verb	spa	svelare	verb	ita
desestabilizar	verb	spa	destabilizzare	verb	ita
desestabilizar	verb	spa	destabilizzare	verb	ita
deshacer	verb	spa	sciogliere	verb	ita
desmoronar	verb	spa	crollare	verb	ita
despegar	verb	spa	decollare	verb	ita
despegar	verb	spa	staccare	verb	ita
despegar	verb	spa	decollare	verb	ita
despertar	verb	spa	svegliare	verb	ita
desplazar	verb	spa	spostare	verb	ita
desplazar	verb	spa	scorrere	verb	ita
destapar	verb	spa	scoprire	verb	ita
desviar	verb	spa	deviare	verb	ita
detectar	verb	spa	rilevare	verb	ita
detener	verb	spa	arginare	verb	ita
devolver	verb	spa	riportare	verb	ita
dibujar	verb	spa	disegnare	verb	ita
dificultar	verb	spa	ostacolare	verb	ita
difuminar	verb	spa	sfumare	verb	ita
dirigir	verb	spa	rivolgere	verb	ita
discutir	verb	spa	discutere	verb	ita
disgustar	verb	spa	spiacere	verb	ita
disolver	verb	spa	dissolvere	verb	ita
disparar	verb	spa	sparare	verb	ita
disparar	verb	spa	sparare	verb	ita
disputar	verb	spa	competere	verb	ita
distinguir	verb	spa	distinguere	verb	ita
divisar	verb	spa	individuare	verb	ita
editar	verb	spa	modificare	verb	ita
ejecutar	verb	spa	eseguire	verb	ita
ejecutar	verb	spa	eseguire	verb	ita
ejercer	verb	spa	svolgere	verb	ita
eludir	verb	spa	eludere	verb	ita
emitir	verb	spa	emettere	verb	ita
emocionar	verb	spa	emozionare	verb	ita
empezar de nuevo	verb	spa	ricominciare	verb	ita
emprender	verb	spa	intraprendere	verb	ita
enamorar	verb	spa	innamorare	verb	ita
encajar	verb	spa	inserire	verb	ita
encarar	verb	spa	affrontare	verb	ita
encontrar	verb	spa	ritrovare	verb	ita
endeudar	verb	spa	indebitare	verb	ita
enfocar	verb	spa	mettere a fuoco	verb	ita
enfrentar	verb	spa	riscontrare	verb	ita
enfriar	verb	spa	rinfrescare	verb	ita
enfriar	verb	spa	raffreddare	verb	ita
enganchar	verb	spa	agganciare	verb	ita
enloquecer	verb	spa	impazzire	verb	ita
enriquecer	verb	spa	arricchire	verb	ita
entender	verb	spa	intendere	verb	ita
entender	verb	spa	capire	verb	ita
enterar	verb	spa	scoprire	verb	ita
entrañar	verb	spa	comportare	verb	ita
entusiasmar	verb	spa	appassionare	verb	ita
equilibrar	verb	spa	bilanciare	verb	ita
equivocar	verb	spa	sbagliare	verb	ita
erradicar	verb	spa	eliminare	verb	ita
erradicar	verb	spa	sradicare	verb	ita
escalar	verb	spa	scalare	verb	ita
escalar	verb	spa	scalare	verb	ita
esperar	verb	spa	sperare	verb	ita
esquiar	verb	spa	sciare	verb	ita
estimular	verb	spa	stimolare	verb	ita
estrechar	verb	spa	stringere	verb	ita
estribar	verb	spa	basare	verb	ita
evaluar	verb	spa	valutare	verb	ita
evitar	verb	spa	aggirare	verb	ita
excitar	verb	spa	eccitare	verb	ita
expander	verb	spa	espandere	verb	ita
expandir	verb	spa	espandere	verb	ita
expandir	verb	spa	espandere	verb	ita
expedir	verb	spa	spedire	verb	ita
extraer	verb	spa	trarre	verb	ita
extraer	verb	spa	estrarre	verb	ita
extrañar	verb	spa	mancare	verb	ita
fascinar	verb	spa	affascinare	verb	ita
fascinar	verb	spa	affascinare	verb	ita
fijar	verb	spa	fissare	verb	ita
finalizar	verb	spa	finalizzare	verb	ita
focalizar	verb	spa	focalizzare	verb	ita
fomentar	verb	spa	promuovere	verb	ita
fortalecer	verb	spa	rafforzare	verb	ita
fracasar	verb	spa	fallire	verb	ita
fraguar	verb	spa	forgiare	verb	ita
funcionar	verb	spa	funzionare	verb	ita
garabatear	verb	spa	scarabocchiare	verb	ita
gastar	verb	spa	spendere	verb	ita
gestionar	verb	spa	gestire	verb	ita
girar	verb	spa	girare	verb	ita
golpear	verb	spa	sbattere	verb	ita
gritar	verb	spa	urlare	verb	ita
guardar	verb	spa	salvare	verb	ita
hablar	verb	spa	parlare	verb	ita
hay	verb	spa	c'è	verb	ita
hay	verb	spa	c'è	verb	ita
hay	verb	spa	c'è	verb	ita
hay	verb	spa	c'è	verb	ita
hay	verb	spa	c'è	verb	ita
hay	verb	spa	c'è	verb	ita
hay	verb	spa	essere	verb	ita
hervir	verb	spa	bollire	verb	ita
hospedar	verb	spa	ospitare	verb	ita
imaginar	verb	spa	immaginare	verb	ita
imaginar	verb	spa	immaginare	verb	ita
impactar	verb	spa	impattare	verb	ita
imponer	verb	spa	imporre	verb	ita
indexar	verb	spa	indicizzare	verb	ita
infectar	verb	spa	infettare	verb	ita
influenciar	verb	spa	influenzare	verb	ita
inhibir	verb	spa	inibire	verb	ita
innovar	verb	spa	innovare	verb	ita
inspirar	verb	spa	ispirare	verb	ita
instar	verb	spa	esortare	verb	ita
instaurar	verb	spa	istituire	verb	ita
instituir	verb	spa	istituire	verb	ita
intercambiar	verb	spa	scambiare	verb	ita
intercambiar	verb	spa	scambiare	verb	ita
interferir	verb	spa	interferire	verb	ita
intervenir	verb	spa	intervenire	verb	ita
involucrar	verb	spa	coinvolgere	verb	ita
ir	verb	spa	andare	verb	ita
lamer	verb	spa	leccare	verb	ita
levitar	verb	spa	lievitare	verb	ita
liberar	verb	spa	rilasciare	verb	ita
liderar	verb	spa	liderare	verb	ita
lidiar	verb	spa	trattare	verb	ita
limpiar	verb	spa	pulire	verb	ita
limpiar	verb	spa	pulire	verb	ita
llenar	verb	spa	riempire	verb	ita
localizar	verb	spa	rintracciare	verb	ita
lucir	verb	spa	sfoggiare	verb	ita
malinterpretar	verb	spa	fraintendere	verb	ita
malinterpretar	verb	spa	fraintendere	verb	ita
manejar	verb	spa	gestire	verb	ita
manipular	verb	spa	manipolare	verb	ita
manipular	verb	spa	manipolare	verb	ita
mantener	verb	spa	trattenere	verb	ita
mapear	verb	spa	mappare	verb	ita
maximizar	verb	spa	massimizzare	verb	ita
medir	verb	spa	misurare	verb	ita
mezclar	verb	spa	mescolare	verb	ita
minimizar	verb	spa	minimizzare	verb	ita
minimizar	verb	spa	minimizzare	verb	ita
modelar	verb	spa	modellare	verb	ita
moldear	verb	spa	dare forma	verb	ita
dar forma	verb	spa	modellare	verb	ita
monitorear	verb	spa	monitorare	verb	ita
montar	verb	spa	montare	verb	ita
movilizar	verb	spa	mobilitare	verb	ita
movilizar	verb	spa	mobilitare	verb	ita
mudar	verb	spa	traslocare	verb	ita
negociar	verb	spa	negoziare	verb	ita
obstaculizar	verb	spa	ostacolare	verb	ita
obtener	verb	spa	ricavare	verb	ita
ocultar	verb	spa	nascondere	verb	ita
oler	verb	spa	annusare	verb	ita
oler	verb	spa	odorare	verb	ita
olvidar	verb	spa	dimenticare	verb	ita
oponer	verb	spa	opporre	verb	ita
otorgar	verb	spa	conferire	verb	ita
oír	verb	spa	ascoltare	verb	ita
oír	verb	spa	udire	verb	ita
pactar	verb	spa	patteggiare	verb	ita
padecer	verb	spa	soffrire	verb	ita
parecer	verb	spa	assomigliare	verb	ita
parecer	verb	spa	somigliare	verb	ita
pasar por alto	verb	spa	sfuggire	verb	ita
pasear	verb	spa	fare una passeggiata	verb	ita
penalizar	verb	spa	penalizzare	verb	ita
pensar en	verb	spa	pensare a	verb	ita
percibir	verb	spa	percepire	verb	ita
permitir	verb	spa	permettere	verb	ita
permitir	verb	spa	permettere	verb	ita
persistir	verb	spa	persistere	verb	ita
personalizar	verb	spa	personalizzare	verb	ita
persuadir	verb	spa	persuadere	verb	ita
picotear	verb	spa	fare uno spuntino	verb	ita
poder	modal	spa	potere	verb	ita
poner	verb	spa	rimettere	verb	ita
poner	verb	spa	indossare	verb	ita
posponer	verb	spa	rimandare	verb	ita
predecir	verb	spa	predire	verb	ita
predecir	verb	spa	predire	verb	ita
preocupar	verb	spa	preoccupare	verb	ita
preocupar	verb	spa	preoccupare	verb	ita
presenciar	verb	spa	assistere	verb	ita
presidir	verb	spa	presidere	verb	ita
presumir	verb	spa	vantare	verb	ita
presumir	verb	spa	presumere	verb	ita
primar	verb	spa	primare	verb	ita
probar	verb	spa	provare	verb	ita
proceder	verb	spa	procedere	verb	ita
procesar	verb	spa	processare	verb	ita
profundizar	verb	spa	approfondire	verb	ita
profundizar	verb	spa	approfondire	verb	ita
progresar	verb	spa	progredire	verb	ita
promocionar	verb	spa	promuovere	verb	ita
propiciar	verb	spa	propiziare	verb	ita
proporcionar	verb	spa	fornire	verb	ita
puntualizar	verb	spa	puntualizzare	verb	ita
puntuar	verb	spa	dare un voto	verb	ita
quebrar	verb	spa	fallire	verb	ita
ralentización	verb	spa	rallentamento	verb	ita
ralentizar	verb	spa	rallentare	verb	ita
rastrear	verb	spa	rintracciare	verb	ita
reanudar	verb	spa	riavviare	verb	ita
reanudar	verb	spa	riprendere	verb	ita
retomar	verb	spa	riprendere	verb	ita
reaparecer	verb	spa	riapparire	verb	ita
recaudar	verb	spa	raccogliere	verb	ita
reclutar	verb	spa	reclutare	verb	ita
recolectar	verb	spa	raccogliere	verb	ita
reconocer	verb	spa	riconoscere	verb	ita
recopilar	verb	spa	compilare	verb	ita
recordar	verb	spa	ricordare	verb	ita
recorrer	verb	spa	percorrere	verb	ita
recortar	verb	spa	tagliare	verb	ita
rectificar	verb	spa	rettificare	verb	ita
rediseñar	verb	spa	riprogettare	verb	ita
reembolsar	verb	spa	rimborsare	verb	ita
reemplazar	verb	spa	sostituire	verb	ita
reflejar	verb	spa	riflettere	verb	ita
reflexionar	verb	spa	riflettere	verb	ita
reformar	verb	spa	riformare	verb	ita
reformar	verb	spa	ristrutturare	verb	ita
reforzar	verb	spa	rinforzare	verb	ita
regenerar	verb	spa	rigenerare	verb	ita
regir	verb	spa	governare	verb	ita
regresar	verb	spa	rientrare	verb	ita
reincidir	verb	spa	ricadere	verb	ita
reinventar	verb	spa	reinventare	verb	ita
reinventar	verb	spa	reinventare	verb	ita
relanzar	verb	spa	rilanciare	verb	ita
renunciar	verb	spa	rinunciare	verb	ita
repensar	verb	spa	ripensare	verb	ita
replantear	verb	spa	ripensare	verb	ita
reproducir	verb	spa	riprodurre	verb	ita
reproducir	verb	spa	riprodurre	verb	ita
resaltar	verb	spa	evidenziare	verb	ita
rescatar	verb	spa	soccorrere	verb	ita
residir	verb	spa	risiedere	verb	ita
residir	verb	spa	risiedere	verb	ita
resignar	verb	spa	rassegnare	verb	ita
resistir	verb	spa	resistere	verb	ita
respaldar	verb	spa	sostenere	verb	ita
respetar	verb	spa	rispettare	verb	ita
restablecer	verb	spa	ripristinare	verb	ita
restringir	verb	spa	restringere	verb	ita
retirar	verb	spa	prelevare	verb	ita
retrasar	verb	spa	ritardare	verb	ita
revertir	verb	spa	invertire	verb	ita
revisar	verb	spa	rivedere	verb	ita
revolver	verb	spa	mescolare	verb	ita
reír	verb	spa	ridere	verb	ita
rodar	verb	spa	girare	verb	ita
rodar	verb	spa	rotolare	verb	ita
romper	verb	spa	spezzare	verb	ita
rondar	verb	spa	aggirare	verb	ita
rotar	verb	spa	ruotare	verb	ita
saber	verb	spa	sapere	verb	ita
salir	verb	spa	uscire	verb	ita
sanar	verb	spa	guarire	verb	ita
se necesita	verb	spa	ci vuole	verb	ita
secuenciar	verb	spa	sequenziare	verb	ita
secuenciar	verb	spa	sequenziare	verb	ita
seleccionar	verb	spa	selezionare	verb	ita
seleccionar	verb	spa	selezionare	verb	ita
ser	verb	spa	essere	verb	ita
estar en Babia	verb	spa	essere imbranato	verb	ita
estar a punto de	verb	spa	essere per	verb	ita
sintetizar	verb	spa	sintetizzare	verb	ita
sobrevivir	verb	spa	sopravvivere	verb	ita
someter	verb	spa	sottoporre	verb	ita
sonreír	verb	spa	sorridere	verb	ita
sorprender	verb	spa	stupire	verb	ita
sortear	verb	spa	sorteggiare	verb	ita
sospechar	verb	spa	sospettare	verb	ita
subir	verb	spa	salire	verb	ita
subrayar	verb	spa	sottolineare	verb	ita
suceder	verb	spa	capitare	verb	ita
sucumbir	verb	spa	soccombere	verb	ita
sudar	verb	spa	sudare	verb	ita
sugerir	verb	spa	suggerire	verb	ita
sumar	verb	spa	sommare	verb	ita
sumergir	verb	spa	immergere	verb	ita
supervisar	verb	spa	controllare	verb	ita
tener	verb	spa	avere	verb	ita
tocar	verb	spa	toccare	verb	ita
tomar	verb	spa	prendere	verb	ita
topar	verb	spa	incontrare	verb	ita
topar con	verb	spa	incontrare con	verb	ita
tragar	verb	spa	ingoiare	verb	ita
transcurrir	verb	spa	trascorrere	verb	ita
traspasar	verb	spa	oltrepassare	verb	ita
trazar	verb	spa	tracciare	verb	ita
trazar	verb	spa	tracciare	verb	ita
volver	verb	spa	diventare	verb	ita
volver a	verb	spa	ricadere	verb	ita
volver a limpiar	verb	spa	ripulire	verb	ita
yacer	verb	spa	giacere	verb	ita
zanjar	verb	spa	chiudere	verb	ita
algo	pronoun	spa	qualcosa	pronoun	ita
algo	pronoun	spa	alcunché	pronoun	ita
alguien	pronoun	spa	qualcuno	pronoun	ita
alguno	pronoun	spa	alcuno	pronoun	ita
alguno	pronoun	spa	alcuno	pronoun	ita
ambas	pronoun	spa	entrambi	pronoun	ita
ambos	pronoun	spa	tutti e due	pronoun	ita
ambos	pronoun	spa	entrambi	pronoun	ita
ambos	pronoun	spa	entrambi	pronoun	ita
aquel	pronoun	spa	quello	pronoun	ita
aquel	pronoun	spa	quello	pronoun	ita
aquel	pronoun	spa	colui	pronoun	ita
aquel	pronoun	spa	colui	pronoun	ita
aquel	pronoun	spa	colui	pronoun	ita
aquello	pronoun	spa	quello	pronoun	ita
cada cual	pronoun	spa	ognuno	pronoun	ita
cada uno	pronoun	spa	ognuno	pronoun	ita
cada uno	pronoun	spa	ciascuno	pronoun	ita
conmigo	pronoun	spa	con me	pronoun	ita
conmigo	pronoun	spa	meco	pronoun	ita
consigo	pronoun	spa	con se	pronoun	ita
consigo	pronoun	spa	seco	pronoun	ita
contigo	pronoun	spa	con te	pronoun	ita
contigo	pronoun	spa	teco	pronoun	ita
cualquier otra cosa	pronoun	spa	tutt'altro	pronoun	ita
cualquier otra cosa	pronoun	spa	tutt'altro	pronoun	ita
cualquier otra cosa	pronoun	spa	tutt'altro	pronoun	ita
cualquiera	pronoun	spa	qualunque	pronoun	ita
cualquiera	pronoun	spa	qualunque	pronoun	ita
cualquiera	pronoun	spa	qualunque	pronoun	ita
cualquiera	pronoun	spa	qualsivoglia	pronoun	ita
cualquiera	pronoun	spa	qualsiasi	pronoun	ita
cuál	pronoun	spa	quale	pronoun	ita
cuánto	pronoun	spa	quanto	pronoun	ita
demás	pronoun	spa	d'altro	pronoun	ita
el mío	pronoun	spa	il mio	pronoun	ita
el nuestro	pronoun	spa	il nostro	pronoun	ita
el suyo	pronoun	spa	il suo	pronoun	ita
el suyo	pronoun	spa	il loro	pronoun	ita
el tuyo	pronoun	spa	il tuo	pronoun	ita
el vuestro	pronoun	spa	il vostro	pronoun	ita
ello	pronoun	spa	quello	pronoun	ita
ello	pronoun	spa	ciò	pronoun	ita
ese	pronoun	spa	quello	pronoun	ita
ese	pronoun	spa	quello	pronoun	ita
eso	pronoun	spa	codesto	pronoun	ita
este	pronoun	spa	codesto	pronoun	ita
este	pronoun	spa	codesto	pronoun	ita
este	pronoun	spa	codesto	pronoun	ita
este	pronoun	spa	codesto	pronoun	ita
este	pronoun	spa	questo	pronoun	ita
este	pronoun	spa	questo	pronoun	ita
este	pronoun	spa	esso	pronoun	ita
este	pronoun	spa	costui	pronoun	ita
este	pronoun	spa	costui	pronoun	ita
este	pronoun	spa	costui	pronoun	ita
esto	pronoun	spa	ciò	pronoun	ita
esto	pronoun	spa	questo	pronoun	ita
le	pronoun	spa	gli	pronoun	ita
le	pronoun	spa	gli	pronoun	ita
le	pronoun	spa	gli	pronoun	ita
le	pronoun	spa	gli	pronoun	ita
le	pronoun	spa	le	pronoun	ita
le	pronoun	spa	gli	pronoun	ita
le	pronoun	spa	gli	pronoun	ita
lo	pronoun	spa	lo	pronoun	ita
lo	pronoun	spa	lo	pronoun	ita
lo demás	pronoun	spa	il resto	pronoun	ita
los demás	pronoun	spa	gli altri	pronoun	ita
los dos	pronoun	spa	entrambi	pronoun	ita
los dos	pronoun	spa	tutti e due	pronoun	ita
los dos	pronoun	spa	tutti e due	pronoun	ita
me	pronoun	spa	mi	pronoun	ita
me	pronoun	spa	mi	pronoun	ita
mí	pronoun	spa	me	pronoun	ita
nada	pronoun	spa	niente	pronoun	ita
nada	pronoun	spa	nulla	pronoun	ita
nadie	pronoun	spa	nessuno	pronoun	ita
ninguno	pronoun	spa	nessuno	pronoun	ita
ninguno	pronoun	spa	nessuno	pronoun	ita
nos	pronoun	spa	ci	pronoun	ita
nos	pronoun	spa	ci	pronoun	ita
nosotros	pronoun	spa	noi	pronoun	ita
nosotros	pronoun	spa	noi	pronoun	ita
nosotros	pronoun	spa	noi	pronoun	ita
os	pronoun	spa	vi	pronoun	ita
os	pronoun	spa	vi	pronoun	ita
otro	pronoun	spa	altro	pronoun	ita
otro	pronoun	spa	un altro	pronoun	ita
otros muchos	pronoun	spa	tanti altri	pronoun	ita
poco	pronoun	spa	poco	pronoun	ita
quien	pronoun	spa	chi	pronoun	ita
quienquiera	pronoun	spa	qualunque	pronoun	ita
quienquiera	pronoun	spa	qualunque	pronoun	ita
quién	pronoun	spa	chi	pronoun	ita
quién	pronoun	spa	chi	pronoun	ita
quién	pronoun	spa	chi	pronoun	ita
qué	pronoun	spa	che	pronoun	ita
qué	pronoun	spa	cosa	pronoun	ita
se	pronoun	spa	si	pronoun	ita
se	pronoun	spa	si	pronoun	ita
sea quien sea	pronoun	spa	chiunque	pronoun	ita
sí	pronoun	spa	sé	pronoun	ita
sí	pronoun	spa	sè	pronoun	ita
tal	pronoun	spa	tale	pronoun	ita
te	pronoun	spa	ti	pronoun	ita
te	pronoun	spa	ti	pronoun	ita
ti	pronoun	spa	te	pronoun	ita
todo	pronoun	spa	tutto	pronoun	ita
todo el mundo	pronoun	spa	tutti quanti	pronoun	ita
tú	pronoun	spa	tu	pronoun	ita
uno	pronoun	spa	uno	pronoun	ita
uno	pronoun	spa	uno	pronoun	ita
uno	pronoun	spa	alcuno	pronoun	ita
uno	pronoun	spa	alcuno	pronoun	ita
uno solo	pronoun	spa	tutt'uno	pronoun	ita
usted	pronoun	spa	Lei	pronoun	ita
vos	pronoun	spa	Lei	pronoun	ita
vosotros	pronoun	spa	voi	pronoun	ita
vosotros	pronoun	spa	voi	pronoun	ita
vosotros	pronoun	spa	voi	pronoun	ita
yo	pronoun	spa	io	pronoun	ita
él	pronoun	spa	lui	pronoun	ita
él	pronoun	spa	lui	pronoun	ita
él	pronoun	spa	lui	pronoun	ita
él	pronoun	spa	lui	pronoun	ita
él	pronoun	spa	lui	pronoun	ita
él	pronoun	spa	egli	pronoun	ita
ése	pronoun	spa	questo	pronoun	ita
ése	pronoun	spa	questo	pronoun	ita
éste	pronoun	spa	questo	pronoun	ita
éste	pronoun	spa	questo	pronoun	ita
es decir	coordinatingConjunction	spa	ossia	coordinatingConjunction	ita
es decir	coordinatingConjunction	spa	cioè	coordinatingConjunction	ita
es decir	coordinatingConjunction	spa	ovvero	coordinatingConjunction	ita
justo es decir	coordinatingConjunction	spa	è giusto dire	coordinatingConjunction	ita
mas	coordinatingConjunction	spa	ma	coordinatingConjunction	ita
ni	coordinatingConjunction	spa	né	coordinatingConjunction	ita
ni aun	coordinatingConjunction	spa	neanche	coordinatingConjunction	ita
o	coordinatingConjunction	spa	o	coordinatingConjunction	ita
o	coordinatingConjunction	spa	oppure	coordinatingConjunction	ita
o sea	coordinatingConjunction	spa	ossia	coordinatingConjunction	ita
pero	coordinatingConjunction	spa	ma	coordinatingConjunction	ita
pero	coordinatingConjunction	spa	però	coordinatingConjunction	ita
sino	coordinatingConjunction	spa	bensì	coordinatingConjunction	ita
sino también	coordinatingConjunction	spa	bensì anche	coordinatingConjunction	ita
y	coordinatingConjunction	spa	e	coordinatingConjunction	ita
y	coordinatingConjunction	spa	ed	coordinatingConjunction	ita
por lo tanto	subordinatingConjunction	spa	dunque	subordinatingConjunction	ita
mientras	subordinatingConjunction	spa	mentre	subordinatingConjunction	ita
mientras que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	mentre	subordinatingConjunction	ita
a condición de que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	a condizione che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
a menos que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	a patto che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
a miles	subordinatingConjunction	spa	a migliaia	subordinatingConjunction	ita
a pesar de que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	malgrado	subordinatingConjunction	ita
a raya	subordinatingConjunction	spa	a riga	subordinatingConjunction	ita
al igual que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	come	subordinatingConjunction	ita
al final	adverb	spa	alla fine	adverb	ita
al fin y al cabo	adverb	spa	in fin dei conti	adverb	ita
antes de que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	prima che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
así que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	sicché	subordinatingConjunction	ita
aun así	subordinatingConjunction	spa	ciò nonostante	subordinatingConjunction	ita
aunque	subordinatingConjunction	spa	anche se	subordinatingConjunction	ita
basta con que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	basta che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
como	subordinatingConjunction	spa	siccome	subordinatingConjunction	ita
comoquiera que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	come vuoi che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
con el fin de que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	col fine di	subordinatingConjunction	ita
con sólo que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	solo con	subordinatingConjunction	ita
dada cuenta que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	dato che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
dado el caso que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	dato il caso in cui	subordinatingConjunction	ita
dado que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	dato che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
dando por sentado que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	dando per scontato che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
de forma que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	in modo che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
de lo contrario	subordinatingConjunction	spa	altrimenti	subordinatingConjunction	ita
de modo que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	in modo che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
desde que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	da quando	subordinatingConjunction	ita
dependiendo de	subordinatingConjunction	spa	a seconda di	subordinatingConjunction	ita
en caso de que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	nel caso in cui	subordinatingConjunction	ita
en el supuesto de que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	ipotizzando che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
en riesgo	subordinatingConjunction	spa	a rischio	subordinatingConjunction	ita
en tanto en cuanto	subordinatingConjunction	spa	nella misura in cui	subordinatingConjunction	ita
al cabo de	subordinatingConjunction	spa	nel giro di	subordinatingConjunction	ita
al parecer	subordinatingConjunction	spa	a quanto pare	subordinatingConjunction	ita
según se informa	subordinatingConjunction	spa	a quanto si dice	subordinatingConjunction	ita
entonces	subordinatingConjunction	spa	allora	subordinatingConjunction	ita
excepto que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	eccetto che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
fuera de que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	escluso che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
hasta que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	finché	subordinatingConjunction	ita
igual que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	come	subordinatingConjunction	ita
no obstante	subordinatingConjunction	spa	nonostante	subordinatingConjunction	ita
pese a	subordinatingConjunction	spa	nonostante	subordinatingConjunction	ita
para que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	affinché	subordinatingConjunction	ita
por consiguiente	subordinatingConjunction	spa	conseguentemente	subordinatingConjunction	ita
por ello	subordinatingConjunction	spa	per questo	subordinatingConjunction	ita
por lo tanto	subordinatingConjunction	spa	pertanto	subordinatingConjunction	ita
por mucho que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	per molto che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
por todo ello	subordinatingConjunction	spa	per tutto ciò	subordinatingConjunction	ita
porque	subordinatingConjunction	spa	perché	subordinatingConjunction	ita
pues	subordinatingConjunction	spa	dunque	subordinatingConjunction	ita
según	subordinatingConjunction	spa	secondo	subordinatingConjunction	ita
aunque	subordinatingConjunction	spa	seppur	subordinatingConjunction	ita
si	subordinatingConjunction	spa	se	subordinatingConjunction	ita
si bien	subordinatingConjunction	spa	sebbene	subordinatingConjunction	ita
sin embargo	subordinatingConjunction	spa	ciò nonostante	subordinatingConjunction	ita
sin embargo	subordinatingConjunction	spa	però	subordinatingConjunction	ita
sin embargo	subordinatingConjunction	spa	comunque	subordinatingConjunction	ita
sino	coordinatingConjunction	spa	bensì	subordinatingConjunction	ita
sino también	coordinatingConjunction	spa	sennonché	subordinatingConjunction	ita
teniendo en cuenta	subordinatingConjunction	spa	tenendo in conto	subordinatingConjunction	ita
todo ello	subordinatingConjunction	spa	tutto ciò	subordinatingConjunction	ita
ya que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	poiché	subordinatingConjunction	ita
ya que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	giacché	subordinatingConjunction	ita
a.m.	adverb	spa	a.m.	adverb	ita
a brazo partido	adverb	spa	intensamente	adverb	ita
a casa	adverb	spa	alla casa	adverb	ita
a ciegas	adverb	spa	alla cieca	adverb	ita
a cielo abierto	adverb	spa	a cielo aperto	adverb	ita
a continuación	adverb	spa	a continuazione	adverb	ita
a continuación	adverb	spa	di seguito	adverb	ita
a continuación	adverb	spa	in seguito	adverb	ita
a contramano	adverb	spa	in contromano	adverb	ita
a contrapelo	adverb	spa	a contropelo	adverb	ita
a corto plazo	adverb	spa	a breve termine	adverb	ita
a decir verdad	adverb	spa	a dire la verità	adverb	ita
a diario	adverb	spa	quotidianamente	adverb	ita
a duras penas	adverb	spa	con grandi difficoltà	adverb	ita
a duras penas	adverb	spa	malapena	adverb	ita
a día de hoy	adverb	spa	tutt'oggi	adverb	ita
a escala	adverb	spa	su scala	adverb	ita
a estas horas	adverb	spa	in queste ore	adverb	ita
a este respecto	adverb	spa	a tal proposito	adverb	ita
a este respecto	adverb	spa	a tal riguardo	adverb	ita
a fe que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	certamente	adverb	ita
a flote	adverb	spa	a galla	adverb	ita
a fondo	adverb	spa	a fondo	adverb	ita
a gran escala	adverb	spa	a grande scala	adverb	ita
a gran escala	adverb	spa	su grande scala	adverb	ita
a la carta	adverb	spa	su richiesta	adverb	ita
a la chita callando	adverb	spa	in silenzio	adverb	ita
a la defensiva	adverb	spa	alla difensiva	adverb	ita
a la francesa	adverb	spa	alla francese	adverb	ita
a la inglesa	adverb	spa	all'inglese	adverb	ita
a la italiana	adverb	spa	all'italiana	adverb	ita
a la ligera	adverb	spa	alla leggera	adverb	ita
a la semana	adverb	spa	alla settimana	adverb	ita
a la vez	adverb	spa	contemporaneamente	adverb	ita
a largo plazo	adverb	spa	a lungo termine	adverb	ita
mucho tiempo	adverb	spa	più a lungo	adverb	ita
a medias	adverb	spa	a metà	adverb	ita
a medio camino	adverb	spa	a metà strada	adverb	ita
a mitad de precio	adverb	spa	a metà prezzo	adverb	ita
a las espaldas	adverb	spa	alla schiena	adverb	ita
a las espaldas	adverb	spa	alle spalle	adverb	ita
a mano	adverb	spa	a mano	adverb	ita
a marchas forzadas	adverb	spa	di fretta	adverb	ita
a medio plazo	adverb	spa	a medio termine	adverb	ita
a medio y largo plazo	adverb	spa	a medio e lungo termine	adverb	ita
a menudo	adverb	spa	spesso	adverb	ita
a mi turno	adverb	spa	al mio turno	adverb	ita
a muerte	adverb	spa	a morte	adverb	ita
al norte	adverb	spa	a nord	adverb	ita
a nivel mundial	adverb	spa	globalmente	adverb	ita
a no ser que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	a meno che	adverb	ita
a nuestro turno	adverb	spa	al nostro turno	adverb	ita
a otra parte	adverb	spa	ad un'altra parte	adverb	ita
a partir de las	adverb	spa	a partire dalle	adverb	ita
a pequeña escala	adverb	spa	a scala ridotta	adverb	ita
a pesar de	adverb	spa	pur	adverb	ita
a pie	adverb	spa	a piedi	adverb	ita
a plazos	adverb	spa	a rate	adverb	ita
a posteriori	adverb	spa	a posteriori	adverb	ita
a priori	adverb	spa	a priori	adverb	ita
a propósito	adverb	spa	a proposito	adverb	ita
a rastras	adverb	spa	di forza	adverb	ita
a su turno	adverb	spa	al suo turno	adverb	ita
a tientas	adverb	spa	a tentoni	adverb	ita
a toda costa	adverb	spa	a tutti i costi	adverb	ita
a trancas y barancas	adverb	spa	alti e bassi	adverb	ita
a través	adverb	spa	attraverso	adverb	ita
a tu turno	adverb	spa	al tuo turno	adverb	ita
a veces	adverb	spa	a volte	adverb	ita
a veces	adverb	spa	talvolta	adverb	ita
a vuestro turno	adverb	spa	al vostro turno	adverb	ita
ab intestato	adverb	spa	ab intestato	adverb	ita
abajo	adverb	spa	abbasso	adverb	ita
abajo	adverb	spa	giù	adverb	ita
abajo	adverb	spa	di sotto	adverb	ita
en el piso de abajo	adverb	spa	al piano inferiore	adverb	ita
en el piso de arriba	adverb	spa	al piano superiore	adverb	ita
abiertamente	adverb	spa	apertamente	adverb	ita
absolutamente	adverb	spa	assolutamente	adverb	ita
absurdamente	adverb	spa	assurdamente	adverb	ita
precipitadamente	adverb	spa	a capofitto	adverb	ita
abundantemente	adverb	spa	abbondantemente	adverb	ita
de manera eficiente	adverb	spa	efficientemente	adverb	ita
acaso	adverb	spa	forse	adverb	ita
accidentalmente	adverb	spa	accidentalmente	adverb	ita
activamente	adverb	spa	attivamente	adverb	ita
actualmente	adverb	spa	attualmente	adverb	ita
acá	adverb	spa	qui	adverb	ita
acústicamente	adverb	spa	acusticamente	adverb	ita
ad-hoc	adverb	spa	ad-hoc	adverb	ita
ad hoc	adverb	spa	ad hoc	adverb	ita
ad litteram	adverb	spa	ad litteram	adverb	ita
lado a lado	adverb	spa	fianco a fianco	adverb	ita
adecuadamente	adverb	spa	adeguatamente	adverb	ita
adelante	adverb	spa	avanti	adverb	ita
además	adverb	spa	inoltre	adverb	ita
además	adverb	spa	oltretutto	adverb	ita
por cuenta propia	adverb	spa	freelance	adverb	ita
autónomo	adjective	spa	freelance	adjective	ita
autónomo	adjective	spa	freelance	adjective	ita
autónomo	adjective	spa	freelance	adjective	ita
adentro	adverb	spa	dentro	adverb	ita
adicionalmente	adverb	spa	ulteriormente	adverb	ita
administrativamente	adverb	spa	amministrativamente	adverb	ita
admirablemente	adverb	spa	mirabilmente	adverb	ita
adonde	adverb	spa	dove	adverb	ita
adrede	adverb	spa	deliberatamente	adverb	ita
adónde	adverb	spa	dove	adverb	ita
afortunadamente	adverb	spa	fortunatamente	adverb	ita
afortunadamente	adverb	spa	per fortuna	adverb	ita
afuera	adverb	spa	fuori	adverb	ita
ahora	adverb	spa	adesso	adverb	ita
ahora	adverb	spa	ora	adverb	ita
ahora mismo	adverb	spa	proprio adesso	adverb	ita
ahora mismo	adverb	spa	proprio ora	adverb	ita
ahora ya	adverb	spa	ormai	adverb	ita
ahí	adverb	spa	lì	adverb	ita
allí abajo	adverb	spa	laggiù	adverb	ita
allí arriba	adverb	spa	lassù	adverb	ita
al azar	adverb	spa	a caso	adverb	ita
al año	adverb	spa	all'anno	adverb	ita
al aire libre	adverb	spa	all'aperto	adverb	ita
en el extranjero	adverb	spa	all'estero	adverb	ita
al día	adverb	spa	al giorno	adverb	ita
al día siguiente	adverb	spa	il giorno seguente	adverb	ita
al día siguiente	adverb	spa	il giorno successivo	adverb	ita
al día siguiente	adverb	spa	il giorno dopo	adverb	ita
al lado	adverb	spa	accanto	adverb	ita
al menos	adverb	spa	almeno	adverb	ita
al mes	adverb	spa	al mese	adverb	ita
al mismo tiempo	adverb	spa	allo stesso tempo	adverb	ita
de manera parecida	adverb	spa	allo stesso modo	adverb	ita
al mismo tiempo	adverb	spa	contempo	adverb	ita
al otro día	adverb	spa	l'altro giorno	adverb	ita
alegremente	adverb	spa	allegramente	adverb	ita
alerta	adverb	spa	avvisatamente	adverb	ita
alerta	adverb	spa	allerta	adverb	ita
alguna vez	adverb	spa	qualche volta	adverb	ita
allegretto	adverb	spa	allegretto	adverb	ita
allegro	adverb	spa	allegro	adverb	ita
allende	adverb	spa	oltre	adverb	ita
allá	adverb	spa	là	adverb	ita
allí	adverb	spa	lì	adverb	ita
allí donde	adverb	spa	laddove	adverb	ita
alrededor	adverb	spa	tutt'attorno	adverb	ita
alrededor	adverb	spa	tutt'intorno	adverb	ita
alrededor	adverb	spa	all'incirca	adverb	ita
hacia atrás	adverb	spa	all'indietro	adverb	ita
hacia abajo	adverb	spa	in giù	adverb	ita
en masa	adverb	spa	in massa	adverb	ita
hacia la izquierda	adverb	spa	a sinistra	adverb	ita
hacia el este	adverb	spa	verso est	adverb	ita
hacia el oeste	adverb	spa	verso ovest	adverb	ita
hacia las afueras	adverb	spa	verso i quartieri residenziali	adverb	ita
hacia dentro	adverb	spa	verso l'interno	adverb	ita
hacia adentro	adverb	spa	verso l'interno	adverb	ita
hacia arriba	adverb	spa	verso l'alto	adverb	ita
hacia el sur	adverb	spa	verso sud	adverb	ita
hacia el norte	adverb	spa	verso nord	adverb	ita
a tempo pieno	adverb	spa	a jornada completa	adverb	ita
al dorso	adverb	spa	a tergo	adverb	ita
en tierra	adverb	spa	a terra	adverb	ita
por cabeza	adverb	spa	a testa	adverb	ita
por la borda	adverb	spa	fuori bordo	adverb	ita
río abajo	adverb	spa	a valle	adverb	ita
a caballo	adverb	spa	groppa di cavallo	adverb	ita
temporada baja	adverb	spa	bassa stagione	adverb	ita
con cautela	adverb	spa	cautamente	adverb	ita
alrededor de	adverb	spa	intorno a	adverb	ita
altamente	adverb	spa	altamente	adverb	ita
alternativamente	adverb	spa	alternativamente	adverb	ita
amablemente	adverb	spa	amabilmente	adverb	ita
amablemente	adverb	spa	gentilmente	adverb	ita
amargamente	adverb	spa	aspramente	adverb	ita
amistosamente	adverb	spa	amichevolmente	adverb	ita
ampliamente	adverb	spa	ampiamente	adverb	ita
angostamente	adverb	spa	strettamente	adverb	ita
animadamente	adverb	spa	vivamente	adverb	ita
anoche	adverb	spa	la notte scorsa	adverb	ita
anoche	adverb	spa	la scorsa notte	adverb	ita
anoche	adverb	spa	ieri notte	adverb	ita
anoche	adverb	spa	ieri sera	adverb	ita
anormalmente	adverb	spa	anormalmente	adverb	ita
ansiosamente	adverb	spa	ansiosamente	adverb	ita
ante	adverb	spa	prima	adverb	ita
ante todo	adverb	spa	innanzitutto	adverb	ita
anteanoche	adverb	spa	l'altra notte	adverb	ita
anteayer	adverb	spa	l'altro ieri	adverb	ita
anteriormente	adverb	spa	anteriormente	adverb	ita
antes	adverb	spa	prima	adverb	ita
antes	adverb	spa	in precedenza	adverb	ita
cuanto antes	adverb	spa	al più presto possibile	adverb	ita
lo más pronto posible	adverb	spa	al più presto possibile	adverb	ita
anti	adverb	spa	anti	adverb	ita
antiguamente	adverb	spa	anticamente	adverb	ita
anualmente	adverb	spa	annualmente	adverb	ita
análogamente	adverb	spa	analogamente	adverb	ita
aparentemente	adverb	spa	apparentemente	adverb	ita
aparte	adverb	spa	a parte	adverb	ita
aparte	adverb	spa	da parte	adverb	ita
apasionadamente	adverb	spa	appassionatamente	adverb	ita
apenas	adverb	spa	appena	adverb	ita
apenas	adverb	spa	malapena	adverb	ita
aposta	adverb	spa	a posta	adverb	ita
apremiantemente	adverb	spa	urgentemente	adverb	ita
apropiadamente	adverb	spa	in modo appropriato	adverb	ita
alternativamente	adverb	spa	in alternativa	adverb	ita
con antelación	adverb	spa	in anticipo	adverb	ita
confidencialmente	adverb	spa	in confidenza	adverb	ita
cuesta abajo	adverb	spa	in discesa	adverb	ita
cuesta arriba	adverb	spa	in salita	adverb	ita
a la cara	adverb	spa	in faccia	adverb	ita
en fase terminal	adverb	spa	in fase terminale	adverb	ita
aproximadamente	adverb	spa	circa	adverb	ita
aproximadamente	adverb	spa	approssimativamente	adverb	ita
sin querer	adverb	spa	inavvertitamente	adverb	ita
aproximadamente	adverb	spa	all'incirca	adverb	ita
aquí	adverb	spa	qua	adverb	ita
aquí	adverb	spa	qui	adverb	ita
arbitrariamente	adverb	spa	arbitrariamente	adverb	ita
arduamente	adverb	spa	duramente	adverb	ita
arriba	adverb	spa	sopra	adverb	ita
artificialmente	adverb	spa	artificialmente	adverb	ita
artísticamente	adverb	spa	artisticamente	adverb	ita
asiduamente	adverb	spa	assiduamente	adverb	ita
asimismo	adverb	spa	anche	adverb	ita
asimismo	adverb	spa	altresì	adverb	ita
asombrosamente	adverb	spa	stupefacentemente	adverb	ita
así	adverb	spa	così	adverb	ita
así	adverb	spa	cosicché	adverb	ita
así como	adverb	spa	così come	adverb	ita
así como	adverb	spa	nonché	adverb	ita
así pues	adverb	spa	quindi	adverb	ita
así así	adverb	spa	così così	adverb	ita
atentamente	adverb	spa	attentamente	adverb	ita
atrás	adverb	spa	dietro	adverb	ita
atrás	adverb	spa	indietro	adverb	ita
aun	adverb	spa	ancora	adverb	ita
automáticamente	adverb	spa	automaticamente	adverb	ita
auténticamente	adverb	spa	autenticamente	adverb	ita
ayer	adverb	spa	ieri	adverb	ita
aún	adverb	spa	ancora	adverb	ita
aún más	adverb	spa	ancora più	adverb	ita
bastante	adverb	spa	abbastanza	adverb	ita
bastante	adverb	spa	piuttosto	adverb	ita
bastante	adverb	spa	assai	adverb	ita
bastante	adverb	spa	abbastanza	adverb	ita
bien	adverb	spa	bene	adverb	ita
bien	adverb	spa	ben	adverb	ita
bien	adverb	spa	bene	adverb	ita
biológicamente	adverb	spa	biologicamente	adverb	ita
brevemente	adverb	spa	brevemente	adverb	ita
bruscamente	adverb	spa	bruscamente	adverb	ita
brutalmente	adverb	spa	brutalmente	adverb	ita
buenamente	adverb	spa	bonariamente	adverb	ita
básicamente	adverb	spa	basicamente	adverb	ita
cada año	adverb	spa	ogni anno	adverb	ita
cada día	adverb	spa	ogni giorno	adverb	ita
cada invierno	adverb	spa	ogni inverno	adverb	ita
cada mañana	adverb	spa	ogni mattina	adverb	ita
cada mes	adverb	spa	ogni mese	adverb	ita
cada noche	adverb	spa	ogni notte	adverb	ita
cada otoño	adverb	spa	ogni autunno	adverb	ita
cada primavera	adverb	spa	ogni primavera	adverb	ita
cada verano	adverb	spa	ogni estate	adverb	ita
cada vez	adverb	spa	ogni volta	adverb	ita
cada vez más	adverb	spa	ogni volta di più	adverb	ita
cariñosamente	adverb	spa	affettuosamente	adverb	ita
casi	adverb	spa	quasi	adverb	ita
casualmente	adverb	spa	casualmente	adverb	ita
casualmente	adverb	spa	per pura coincidenza	adverb	ita
por último	adverb	spa	per ultimo	adverb	ita
algún tiempo	adverb	spa	per un po'	adverb	ita
categóricamente	adverb	spa	categoricamente	adverb	ita
celosamente	adverb	spa	gelosamente	adverb	ita
cerca	adverb	spa	vicino	adverb	ita
cerca	adverb	spa	nei pressi di	adverb	ita
certeramente	adverb	spa	certamente	adverb	ita
científicamente	adverb	spa	scientificamente	adverb	ita
ciertamente	adverb	spa	certamente	adverb	ita
por supuesto	adverb	spa	certamente	adverb	ita
cierto	adverb	spa	certo	adverb	ita
clandestinamente	adverb	spa	clandestinamente	adverb	ita
claramente	adverb	spa	chiaramente	adverb	ita
claramente	adverb	spa	spiccatamente	adverb	ita
claro	adverb	spa	chiaro	adverb	ita
coherentemente	adverb	spa	coerentemente	adverb	ita
de lado	adverb	spa	lateralmente	adverb	ita
colectivamente	adverb	spa	collettivamente	adverb	ita
a ciegas	adverb	spa	ciecamente	adverb	ita
comercialmente	adverb	spa	commercialmente	adverb	ita
como consecuencia	adverb	spa	come conseguenza	adverb	ita
como de costumbre	adverb	spa	come di consueto	adverb	ita
por todo el mundo	adverb	spa	in tutto il mondo	adverb	ita
como en cualquier lugar del mundo	adverb	spa	come in qualsiasi posto del mondo	adverb	ita
como hasta ahora	adverb	spa	come finora	adverb	ita
como mucho	adverb	spa	al massimo	adverb	ita
como nadie	adverb	spa	come nessuno	adverb	ita
como por ejemplo	adverb	spa	come per esempio	adverb	ita
como si	adverb	spa	come se	adverb	ita
comparativamente	adverb	spa	comparativamente	adverb	ita
completamente	adverb	spa	completamente	adverb	ita
completamente	adverb	spa	compiutamente	adverb	ita
computacionalmente	adverb	spa	computazionalmente	adverb	ita
comúnmente	adverb	spa	comunemente	adverb	ita
comúnmente	adverb	spa	comunemente	adverb	ita
con cuidado	adverb	spa	con cura	adverb	ita
con hombría	adverb	spa	con virilità	adverb	ita
con mucho cuidado	adverb	spa	con molta attenzione	adverb	ita
con mucho cuidado	adverb	spa	con molta cura	adverb	ita
con mucho entusiasmo	adverb	spa	con molto entusiasmo	adverb	ita
con espíritu aventurero	adverb	spa	avventurosamente	adverb	ita
con toda certeza	adverb	spa	con tutta la certezza	adverb	ita
con un poco de ayuda	adverb	spa	con un poco di aiuto	adverb	ita
conceptualmente	adverb	spa	concettualmente	adverb	ita
concretamente	adverb	spa	concretamente	adverb	ita
conjuntamente	adverb	spa	congiuntamente	adverb	ita
conjuntamente	adverb	spa	unitariamente	adverb	ita
conscientemente	adverb	spa	coscientemente	adverb	ita
consecutivamente	adverb	spa	consecutivamente	adverb	ita
considerablemente	adverb	spa	considerevolmente	adverb	ita
constantemente	adverb	spa	costantemente	adverb	ita
constitucionalmente	adverb	spa	costituzionalmente	adverb	ita
contextualmente	adverb	spa	contestualmente	adverb	ita
continuamente	adverb	spa	continuamente	adverb	ita
contra toda lógica	adverb	spa	contro ogni logica	adverb	ita
contrariamente	adverb	spa	contrariamente	adverb	ita
convencionalmente	adverb	spa	convenzionalmente	adverb	ita
correctamente	adverb	spa	correttamente	adverb	ita
corrientemente	adverb	spa	correntemente	adverb	ita
creativamente	adverb	spa	creativamente	adverb	ita
cronológicamente	adverb	spa	cronologicamente	adverb	ita
cualitativamente	adverb	spa	qualitativamente	adverb	ita
cuando menos	adverb	spa	quando meno	adverb	ita
cuando quiera	adverb	spa	quando desidera	adverb	ita
cuantitativamente	adverb	spa	quantitativamente	adverb	ita
cuidadosamente	adverb	spa	con attenzione	adverb	ita
cuidadosamente	adverb	spa	attentamente	adverb	ita
cuidadosamente	adverb	spa	accuratamente	adverb	ita
cuidadosamente	adverb	spa	certosinamente	adverb	ita
culturalmente	adverb	spa	culturalmente	adverb	ita
curiosamente	adverb	spa	curiosamente	adverb	ita
cuán	adverb	spa	quanto	adverb	ita
cuándo	adverb	spa	quando	adverb	ita
cómo	adverb	spa	come	adverb	ita
cómodamente	adverb	spa	comodamente	adverb	ita
de ahora en adelante	adverb	spa	d'ora in avanti	adverb	ita
de ahora en adelante	adverb	spa	d'ora in poi	adverb	ita
de ahora en adelante	adverb	spa	da qui in poi	adverb	ita
de alguna manera	adverb	spa	in qualche modo	adverb	ita
de antaño	adverb	spa	da tempo	adverb	ita
de buen grado	adverb	spa	volentieri	adverb	ita
de costumbre	adverb	spa	di consueto	adverb	ita
de cuando en cuando	adverb	spa	di tanto in quando	adverb	ita
de ese modo	subordinatingConjunction	spa	in questo modo	adverb	ita
de este lado	adverb	spa	da questo lato	adverb	ita
de este modo	adverb	spa	in tal modo	adverb	ita
de hecho	adverb	spa	in effetti	adverb	ita
de hecho	adverb	spa	infatti	adverb	ita
de hecho	adverb	spa	di fatto	adverb	ita
de hecho	adverb	spa	anzi	adverb	ita
de inmediato	adverb	spa	immediatamente	adverb	ita
de los demás	adverb	spa	altrui	adverb	ita
de madrugada	adverb	spa	all'alba	adverb	ita
de manera clara	adverb	spa	in maniera chiara	adverb	ita
de memoria	adverb	spa	a memoria	adverb	ita
de momento	adverb	spa	intanto	adverb	ita
de momento	adverb	spa	al momento	adverb	ita
de muerte	adverb	spa	da morire	adverb	ita
de ningún modo	adverb	spa	in nessun modo	adverb	ita
de nuevo	adverb	spa	di nuovo	adverb	ita
de nuevo	adverb	spa	di nuovo	adverb	ita
de otro modo	adverb	spa	in un altro modo	adverb	ita
de otros tiempos	adverb	spa	di altri tempi	adverb	ita
de oídas	adverb	spa	per sentito dire	adverb	ita
de paseo	adverb	spa	passeggiando	adverb	ita
de primera calidad	adverb	spa	di prima qualità	adverb	ita
de primera clase	adverb	spa	di prima classe	adverb	ita
de prisa	adverb	spa	di fretta	adverb	ita
de prisa	adverb	spa	in fretta	adverb	ita
de pura cepa	adverb	spa	verace	adverb	ita
de qué se trata	adverb	spa	di che si tratta	adverb	ita
de repente	adverb	spa	all'improvviso	adverb	ita
de repente	adverb	spa	improvvisamente	adverb	ita
de repente	adverb	spa	improvvisamente	adverb	ita
de ser posible	adverb	spa	se possibile	adverb	ita
de soslayo	adverb	spa	di sfuggita	adverb	ita
de todas maneras	adverb	spa	ad ogni modo	adverb	ita
de todas maneras	adverb	spa	d'ogni modo	adverb	ita
de todas maneras	adverb	spa	in tutti i modi	adverb	ita
de verdad	adverb	spa	veramente	adverb	ita
de verdad	adverb	spa	davvero	adverb	ita
de vez en cuando	adverb	spa	ogni tanto	adverb	ita
debajo	adverb	spa	sotto	adverb	ita
debidamente	adverb	spa	debitamente	adverb	ita
decididamente	adverb	spa	decisamente	adverb	ita
decisivamente	adverb	spa	decisamente	adverb	ita
declaradamente	adverb	spa	dichiaratamente	adverb	ita
definitivamente	adverb	spa	definitivamente	adverb	ita
del mundo	adverb	spa	al mondo	adverb	ita
del otro lado	adverb	spa	dall'altro lato	adverb	ita
delante	adverb	spa	davanti	adverb	ita
deliberadamente	adverb	spa	deliberatamente	adverb	ita
demasiado	adverb	spa	troppo	adverb	ita
democráticamente	adverb	spa	democraticamente	adverb	ita
demográficamente	adverb	spa	demograficamente	adverb	ita
densamente	adverb	spa	densamente	adverb	ita
dentro	adverb	spa	dentro	adverb	ita
dentro de poco	adverb	spa	tra poco	adverb	ita
deprisa	adverb	spa	rapidamente	adverb	ita
desafortunadamente	adverb	spa	sfortunatamente	adverb	ita
desagradablemente	adverb	spa	sgradevolmente	adverb	ita
desastrosamente	adverb	spa	disastrosamente	adverb	ita
descaradamente	adverb	spa	sfacciatamente	adverb	ita
desde el extranjero	adverb	spa	dall'estero	adverb	ita
desde el momento en que	adverb	spa	dal momento in cui	adverb	ita
desde entonces	adverb	spa	da allora in poi	adverb	ita
desde hace alrededor de	adverb	spa	da circa	adverb	ita
desde hace poco	adverb	spa	da poco	adverb	ita
de hasta	adverb	spa	fino a	adverb	ita
desde cuándo	adverb	spa	da quando	adverb	ita
desde el momento en que	adverb	spa	dal momento che	adverb	ita
desdichadamente	adverb	spa	lamentabilmente	adverb	ita
desesperadamente	adverb	spa	disperatamente	adverb	ita
desgraciadamente	adverb	spa	purtroppo	adverb	ita
deshonestamente	adverb	spa	disonestamente	adverb	ita
despacio	adverb	spa	piano	adverb	ita
desproporcionadamente	adverb	spa	sproporzionatamente	adverb	ita
después	adverb	spa	dopo	adverb	ita
después de que	adverb	spa	dopodiché	adverb	ita
con lo cual	adverb	spa	dopodiché	adverb	ita
después de que	adverb	spa	dopo di ché	adverb	ita
después de que	adverb	spa	dopo di che	adverb	ita
después de todo	adverb	spa	dopotutto	adverb	ita
detalladamente	adverb	spa	dettagliatamente	adverb	ita
detenidamente	adverb	spa	pianamente	adverb	ita
detrás	adverb	spa	dietro	adverb	ita
diametralmente	adverb	spa	diametralmente	adverb	ita
diariamente	adverb	spa	giornalmente	adverb	ita
diariamente	adverb	spa	quotidianamente	adverb	ita
diferentemente	adverb	spa	diversamente	adverb	ita
difusamente	adverb	spa	diffusamente	adverb	ita
difícil de creer	adverb	spa	difficile da credere	adverb	ita
difícilmente	adverb	spa	difficilmente	adverb	ita
digitalmente	adverb	spa	digitalmente	adverb	ita
dignamente	adverb	spa	degnamente	adverb	ita
dinámicamente	adverb	spa	dinamicamente	adverb	ita
diplomáticamente	adverb	spa	diplomaticamente	adverb	ita
directamente	adverb	spa	direttamente	adverb	ita
distraídamente	adverb	spa	distrattamente	adverb	ita
distraídamente	adverb	spa	distrattamente	adverb	ita
doblemente	adverb	spa	doppiamente	adverb	ita
dolorosamente	adverb	spa	dolorosamente	adverb	ita
dondequiera	adverb	spa	ovunque	adverb	ita
doquier	adverb	spa	ovunque	adverb	ita
dramáticamente	adverb	spa	drammaticamente	adverb	ita
drásticamente	adverb	spa	drasticamente	adverb	ita
dulcemente	adverb	spa	dolcemente	adverb	ita
duramente	adverb	spa	duramente	adverb	ita
durante el invierno	adverb	spa	durante l'inverno	adverb	ita
durante el otoño	adverb	spa	durante l'autunno	adverb	ita
durante el verano	adverb	spa	durante l'estate	adverb	ita
durante la primavera	adverb	spa	durante la primavera	adverb	ita
débilmente	adverb	spa	debolmente	adverb	ita
día tras día	adverb	spa	giorno dopo giorno	adverb	ita
dónde	adverb	spa	dove	adverb	ita
ecológicamente	adverb	spa	ecologicamente	adverb	ita
económicamente	adverb	spa	economicamente	adverb	ita
ecuamente	adverb	spa	equamente	adverb	ita
educativamente	adverb	spa	educativamente	adverb	ita
efectivamente	adverb	spa	effettivamente	adverb	ita
eficazmente	adverb	spa	efficacemente	adverb	ita
el próximo año	adverb	spa	l'anno prossimo	adverb	ita
el próximo mes	adverb	spa	il mese prossimo	adverb	ita
elegantemente	adverb	spa	elegantemente	adverb	ita
emocionalmente	adverb	spa	emozionalmente	adverb	ita
emocionalmente	adverb	spa	emotivamente	adverb	ita
en absoluto	adverb	spa	in assoluto	adverb	ita
al oeste	adverb	spa	ad ovest	adverb	ita
al este	adverb	spa	a est	adverb	ita
en alto	adverb	spa	ad alta voce	adverb	ita
en absoluto	adverb	spa	affatto	adverb	ita
en algún sitio	adverb	spa	in qualche luogo	adverb	ita
en apuros	adverb	spa	in difficoltà	adverb	ita
en ayunas	adverb	spa	a digiuno	adverb	ita
en balde	adverb	spa	in inutile	adverb	ita
en breve	adverb	spa	a breve	adverb	ita
en broma	adverb	spa	scherzosamente	adverb	ita
en cambio	adverb	spa	in cambio	adverb	ita
en cambio	adverb	spa	invece	adverb	ita
en cambio	adverb	spa	tuttavia	adverb	ita
en casa	adverb	spa	in casa	adverb	ita
en cierta medida	adverb	spa	in certa misura	adverb	ita
en ciertas condiciones	adverb	spa	a determinate condizioni	adverb	ita
en consecuencia	adverb	spa	in conseguenza	adverb	ita
en contra	adverb	spa	contro	adverb	ita
en cuarto lugar	adverb	spa	in quarto luogo	adverb	ita
en cuestión	adverb	spa	in questione	adverb	ita
en debida forma	adverb	spa	in maniera dovuta	adverb	ita
en descenso	adverb	spa	in calo	adverb	ita
en diagonal	adverb	spa	in diagonale	adverb	ita
en dificultades	adverb	spa	in difficoltà	adverb	ita
en el aire	adverb	spa	in onda	adverb	ita
en el aire	adverb	spa	nell'aria	adverb	ita
en el aire	adverb	spa	in aria	adverb	ita
en el mercado	adverb	spa	nel mercato	adverb	ita
en el mismo periodo	adverb	spa	nello stesso periodo	adverb	ita
en entredicho	adverb	spa	in interdizione	adverb	ita
en especial	adverb	spa	specialmente	adverb	ita
en exclusividad	subordinatingConjunction	spa	in esclusiva	adverb	ita
en fila india	adverb	spa	in fila indiana	adverb	ita
en general	adverb	spa	in generale	adverb	ita
en hilera	adverb	spa	in filiera	adverb	ita
en internet	adverb	spa	in Internet	adverb	ita
en internet	adverb	spa	su Internet	adverb	ita
en la cruz	adverb	spa	in croce	adverb	ita
en la escala de la evolución	adverb	spa	nella scala evolutiva	adverb	ita
en la recta final	adverb	spa	nell'ultima parte	adverb	ita
tierra adentro	adverb	spa	nell'entroterra	adverb	ita
en lugar de	adverb	spa	anziché	adverb	ita
en lugar de	adverb	spa	al posto di	adverb	ita
en línea	adverb	spa	online	adverb	ita
en muchas ocasiones	adverb	spa	in molte occasioni	adverb	ita
a tiempo parcial	adverb	spa	part-time	adverb	ita
ningún otro sitio	adverb	spa	da nessuna parte	adverb	ita
en ocasiones	adverb	spa	a volte	adverb	ita
en ocasiones	adverb	spa	talvolta	adverb	ita
en otra parte	adverb	spa	altrove	adverb	ita
en otros tiempos	adverb	spa	in altri tempi	adverb	ita
en paz	adverb	spa	in pace	adverb	ita
en privado	adverb	spa	in privato	adverb	ita
en primer lugar	adverb	spa	in primo luogo	adverb	ita
en primer lugar	adverb	spa	per primo	adverb	ita
en primer lugar	adverb	spa	per prima cosa	adverb	ita
en resumen	adverb	spa	insomma	adverb	ita
en secreto	adverb	spa	in segreto	adverb	ita
en segundo lugar	adverb	spa	in secondo luogo	adverb	ita
en son de guerra	adverb	spa	in guerra	adverb	ita
en son de paz	adverb	spa	in pace	adverb	ita
en su lugar	adverb	spa	al suo posto	adverb	ita
en orden	adverb	spa	a posto	adverb	ita
en tela de juicio	adverb	spa	in discussione	adverb	ita
en tercer lugar	adverb	spa	in terzo luogo	adverb	ita
en todas partes	adverb	spa	dappertutto	adverb	ita
en tropel	adverb	spa	in massa	adverb	ita
en vano	adverb	spa	invano	adverb	ita
en vez de	adverb	spa	anziché	adverb	ita
en último lugar	adverb	spa	in ultimo luogo	adverb	ita
encima	adverb	spa	addirittura	adverb	ita
energéticamente	adverb	spa	energicamente	adverb	ita
enfrente	adverb	spa	a fronte	adverb	ita
enfrente	adverb	spa	di fronte	adverb	ita
frente a	adverb	spa	di fronte a	adverb	ita
enfáticamente	adverb	spa	enfaticamente	adverb	ita
enormemente	adverb	spa	enormemente	adverb	ita
enseguida	adverb	spa	immediatamente	adverb	ita
enteramente	adverb	spa	interamente	adverb	ita
entero	adverb	spa	interamente	adverb	ita
entonces	adverb	spa	allora	adverb	ita
entre la espada y la pared	adverb	spa	fra la spada e la parete	adverb	ita
entre otro	adverb	spa	tra l'altro	adverb	ita
entre otros	adverb	spa	tra gli altri	adverb	ita
entre bastidores	adverb	spa	dietro le quinte	adverb	ita
entretanto	adverb	spa	nel frattempo	adverb	ita
erróneamente	adverb	spa	erroneamente	adverb	ita
escasamente	adverb	spa	scarsamente	adverb	ita
esencialmente	adverb	spa	essenzialmente	adverb	ita
especialmente	adverb	spa	specialmente	adverb	ita
especialmente	adverb	spa	specie	adverb	ita
todo recto	adverb	spa	diritto	adverb	ita
espectacularmente	adverb	spa	spettacolarmente	adverb	ita
específicamente	adverb	spa	specificamente	adverb	ita
específicamente	adverb	spa	specificatamente	adverb	ita
espontáneamente	adverb	spa	spontaneamente	adverb	ita
esporádicamente	adverb	spa	sporadicamente	adverb	ita
esta mañana	adverb	spa	questa mattina	adverb	ita
esta mañana	adverb	spa	stamattina	adverb	ita
esta mañana	adverb	spa	stamane	adverb	ita
esta vez	adverb	spa	questa volta	adverb	ita
establemente	adverb	spa	saldamente	adverb	ita
establemente	adverb	spa	stabilmente	adverb	ita
estadísticamente	adverb	spa	statisticamente	adverb	ita
estar en Babia	adverb	spa	essere imbranato	adverb	ita
estar a punto	adverb	spa	essere per	adverb	ita
estilísticamente	adverb	spa	stilisticamente	adverb	ita
estoicamente	adverb	spa	stoicamente	adverb	ita
estratégicamente	adverb	spa	strategicamente	adverb	ita
estrechamente	adverb	spa	strettamente	adverb	ita
estrictamente	adverb	spa	rigorosamente	adverb	ita
estructuralmente	adverb	spa	strutturalmente	adverb	ita
estupendamente	adverb	spa	stupendamente	adverb	ita
estéticamente	adverb	spa	esteticamente	adverb	ita
estúpidamente	adverb	spa	stupidamente	adverb	ita
etc	adverb	spa	ecc	adverb	ita
etcétera	adverb	spa	eccetera	adverb	ita
eternamente	adverb	spa	eternamente	adverb	ita
etimológicamente	adverb	spa	etimologicamente	adverb	ita
eventualmente	adverb	spa	eventualmente	adverb	ita
evidentemente	adverb	spa	evidentemente	adverb	ita
evidentemente	adverb	spa	palesemente	adverb	ita
exactamente	adverb	spa	esattamente	adverb	ita
exacto	adverb	spa	esatto	adverb	ita
excepcionalmente	adverb	spa	eccezionalmente	adverb	ita
excesivamente	adverb	spa	eccessivamente	adverb	ita
excitante	adverb	spa	emozionante	adverb	ita
exclusivamente	adverb	spa	esclusivamente	adverb	ita
exitosamente	adverb	spa	con successo	adverb	ita
experimentalmente	adverb	spa	sperimentalmente	adverb	ita
explícitamente	adverb	spa	esplicitamente	adverb	ita
exponencialmente	adverb	spa	in modo esponenziale	adverb	ita
exponencialmente	adverb	spa	esponenzialmente	adverb	ita
expresamente	adverb	spa	espressamente	adverb	ita
expresamente	adverb	spa	appositamente	adverb	ita
exquisitamente	adverb	spa	squisitamente	adverb	ita
extensamente	adverb	spa	largamente	adverb	ita
externamente	adverb	spa	esternamente	adverb	ita
extraordinariamente	adverb	spa	straordinariamente	adverb	ita
extrañamente	adverb	spa	stranamente	adverb	ita
extremadamente	adverb	spa	estremamente	adverb	ita
falsamente	adverb	spa	falsamente	adverb	ita
fantásticamente	adverb	spa	fantasticamente	adverb	ita
fanáticamente	adverb	spa	fanaticamente	adverb	ita
farmacológicamente	adverb	spa	farmacologicamente	adverb	ita
favorablemente	adverb	spa	favorevolmente	adverb	ita
febrilmente	adverb	spa	febbrilmente	adverb	ita
felizmente	adverb	spa	felicemente	adverb	ita
ferozmente	adverb	spa	fieramente	adverb	ita
fielmente	adverb	spa	fedelmente	adverb	ita
fijamente	adverb	spa	fisso	adverb	ita
filosóficamente	adverb	spa	filosoficamente	adverb	ita
finalmente	adverb	spa	infine	adverb	ita
finalmente	adverb	spa	finalmente	adverb	ita
finalmente	adverb	spa	alla fine	adverb	ita
finamente	adverb	spa	finemente	adverb	ita
financieramente	adverb	spa	finanziariamente	adverb	ita
firmemente	adverb	spa	fermamente	adverb	ita
fisiológicamente	adverb	spa	fisiologicamente	adverb	ita
fonéticamente	adverb	spa	foneticamente	adverb	ita
formalmente	adverb	spa	formalmente	adverb	ita
forzosamente	adverb	spa	forzosamente	adverb	ita
francamente	adverb	spa	francamente	adverb	ita
fraudulentamente	adverb	spa	fraudolentemente	adverb	ita
frecuentemente	adverb	spa	frequentemente	adverb	ita
frenéticamente	adverb	spa	freneticamente	adverb	ita
frontalmente	adverb	spa	frontalmente	adverb	ita
fríamente	adverb	spa	freddamente	adverb	ita
fuera	adverb	spa	fuori	adverb	ita
fuerte	adverb	spa	forte	adverb	ita
fuertemente	adverb	spa	fortemente	adverb	ita
fundamentalmente	adverb	spa	fondamentalmente	adverb	ita
furiosamente	adverb	spa	rabbiosamente	adverb	ita
furiosamente	adverb	spa	furiosamente	adverb	ita
fácilmente	adverb	spa	facilmente	adverb	ita
fácilmente	adverb	spa	agevolmente	adverb	ita
físicamente	adverb	spa	fisicamente	adverb	ita
generalmente	adverb	spa	generalmente	adverb	ita
generalmente	adverb	spa	usualmente	adverb	ita
generalmente	adverb	spa	di solito	adverb	ita
genéricamente	adverb	spa	genericamente	adverb	ita
genéticamente	adverb	spa	geneticamente	adverb	ita
geográficamente	adverb	spa	geograficamente	adverb	ita
geológicamente	adverb	spa	geologicamente	adverb	ita
geométricamente	adverb	spa	geometricamente	adverb	ita
globalmente	adverb	spa	complessivamente	adverb	ita
gloriosamente	adverb	spa	gloriosamente	adverb	ita
gradualmente	adverb	spa	gradualmente	adverb	ita
grandemente	adverb	spa	grandemente	adverb	ita
gratamente	adverb	spa	gratamente	adverb	ita
gratis	adverb	spa	gratis	adverb	ita
gratuitamente	adverb	spa	gratuitamente	adverb	ita
gravemente	adverb	spa	gravemente	adverb	ita
gravitacionalmente	adverb	spa	gravitazionalmente	adverb	ita
habitualmente	adverb	spa	abitualmente	adverb	ita
hace mucho tiempo	adverb	spa	da molto tempo	adverb	ita
en algún lugar	adverb	spa	da qualche parte	adverb	ita
de la mañana	adverb	spa	del mattino	adverb	ita
hace poco	adverb	spa	da poco	adverb	ita
hasta	adverb	spa	fino a	adverb	ita
hasta	adverb	spa	fin	adverb	ita
hasta	adverb	spa	finché	adverb	ita
hasta ahora	adverb	spa	finora	adverb	ita
hasta ahora	adverb	spa	sinora	adverb	ita
hasta entonces	adverb	spa	fino ad allora	adverb	ita
hasta la fecha	adverb	spa	finora	adverb	ita
he aquí	adverb	spa	ecco	adverb	ita
helicoidalmente	adverb	spa	elicoidalmente	adverb	ita
hipotéticamente	adverb	spa	ipoteticamente	adverb	ita
históricamente	adverb	spa	storicamente	adverb	ita
hondamente	adverb	spa	profondamente	adverb	ita
honestamente	adverb	spa	onestamente	adverb	ita
honradamente	adverb	spa	onoratamente	adverb	ita
honradamente	adverb	spa	onestamente	adverb	ita
horizontalmente	adverb	spa	orizzontalmente	adverb	ita
hoy	adverb	spa	oggi	adverb	ita
hoy en día	adverb	spa	oggigiorno	adverb	ita
humanamente	adverb	spa	umanamente	adverb	ita
humildemente	adverb	spa	umilmente	adverb	ita
hábilmente	adverb	spa	abilmente	adverb	ita
ibídem	adverb	spa	ibidem	adverb	ita
idealmente	adverb	spa	idealmente	adverb	ita
ideológicamente	adverb	spa	ideologicamente	adverb	ita
igual	adverb	spa	uguale	adverb	ita
igualmente	adverb	spa	ugualmente	adverb	ita
igualmente	adverb	spa	altrettanto	adverb	ita
igualmente	adverb	spa	contempo	adverb	ita
igualmente	adverb	spa	nello stesso modo	adverb	ita
ilegalmente	adverb	spa	illegalmente	adverb	ita
ilícitamente	adverb	spa	illecitamente	adverb	ita
imperceptiblemente	adverb	spa	impercettibilmente	adverb	ita
implícitamente	adverb	spa	implicitamente	adverb	ita
impropiamente	adverb	spa	impropriamente	adverb	ita
impunemente	adverb	spa	impunemente	adverb	ita
inaceptablemente	adverb	spa	inaccettabilmente	adverb	ita
inclusivamente	adverb	spa	inclusivamente	adverb	ita
inclusive	adverb	spa	inclusive	adverb	ita
incluso	adverb	spa	incluso	adverb	ita
incluso	adverb	spa	persino	adverb	ita
incluso	adverb	spa	perfino	adverb	ita
incoherentemente	adverb	spa	incoerentemente	adverb	ita
incondicionalmente	adverb	spa	incondizionalmente	adverb	ita
incorrectamente	adverb	spa	in modo sbagliato	adverb	ita
sospechosamente	adverb	spa	in modo sospetto	adverb	ita
indudablemente	adverb	spa	innegabilmente	adverb	ita
especialmente	adverb	spa	in particolare	adverb	ita
inconscientemente	adverb	spa	inconsapevolmente	adverb	ita
a sabiendas	adverb	spa	consapevolmente	adverb	ita
conscientemente	adverb	spa	consapevolmente	adverb	ita
increíblemente	adverb	spa	incredibilmente	adverb	ita
indefinidamente	adverb	spa	indefinitamente	adverb	ita
independientemente	adverb	spa	indipendentemente	adverb	ita
independientemente	adverb	spa	autonomamente	adverb	ita
indescriptiblemente	adverb	spa	indicibilmente	adverb	ita
indiferentemente	adverb	spa	indifferentemente	adverb	ita
indirectamente	adverb	spa	indirettamente	adverb	ita
indiscriminadamente	adverb	spa	indiscriminatamente	adverb	ita
indiscutiblemente	adverb	spa	indiscutibilmente	adverb	ita
indistintamente	adverb	spa	indistintamente	adverb	ita
individualmente	adverb	spa	individualmente	adverb	ita
indudablemente	adverb	spa	indubbiamente	adverb	ita
industrialmente	adverb	spa	industrialmente	adverb	ita
inevitablemente	adverb	spa	inevitabilmente	adverb	ita
inexorablemente	adverb	spa	inesorabilmente	adverb	ita
inexplicablemente	adverb	spa	inspiegabilmente	adverb	ita
infinitamente	adverb	spa	infinitamente	adverb	ita
informalmente	adverb	spa	informalmente	adverb	ita
inherentemente	adverb	spa	intrinsecamente	adverb	ita
inicialmente	adverb	spa	inizialmente	adverb	ita
ininterrumpidamente	adverb	spa	ininterrottamente	adverb	ita
injustamente	adverb	spa	ingiustamente	adverb	ita
injustamente	adverb	spa	indebitamente	adverb	ita
inmediatamente	adverb	spa	immediatamente	adverb	ita
inmensamente	adverb	spa	immensamente	adverb	ita
inocentemente	adverb	spa	innocentemente	adverb	ita
instantáneamente	adverb	spa	istantaneamente	adverb	ita
instintivamente	adverb	spa	istintivamente	adverb	ita
insuficientemente	adverb	spa	insufficientemente	adverb	ita
intelectualmente	adverb	spa	intellettualmente	adverb	ita
inteligentemente	adverb	spa	intelligentemente	adverb	ita
intencionalmente	adverb	spa	volutamente	adverb	ita
intencionalmente	adverb	spa	intenzionalmente	adverb	ita
intensamente	adverb	spa	intensamente	adverb	ita
intensivamente	adverb	spa	intensivamente	adverb	ita
interiormente	adverb	spa	interiormente	adverb	ita
internacionalmente	adverb	spa	internazionalmente	adverb	ita
internamente	adverb	spa	internamente	adverb	ita
intrínsecamente	adverb	spa	intrinsecamente	adverb	ita
intuitivamente	adverb	spa	intuitivamente	adverb	ita
invariablemente	adverb	spa	invariabilmente	adverb	ita
inversamente	adverb	spa	inversamente	adverb	ita
involuntariamente	adverb	spa	involontariamente	adverb	ita
inútilmente	adverb	spa	inutilmente	adverb	ita
irregularmente	adverb	spa	saltuariamente	adverb	ita
irremediablemente	adverb	spa	irrimediabilmente	adverb	ita
irresponsablemente	adverb	spa	irresponsabilmente	adverb	ita
irónicamente	adverb	spa	ironicamente	adverb	ita
jamás	adverb	spa	mai	adverb	ita
judicialmente	adverb	spa	giudiziariamente	adverb	ita
juntos	adverb	spa	insieme	adverb	ita
jurídicamente	adverb	spa	giuridicamente	adverb	ita
justamente	adverb	spa	giustamente	adverb	ita
justo	adverb	spa	giusto	adverb	ita
la mayoría de las veces	adverb	spa	la maggior parte delle volte	adverb	ita
la noche pasada	adverb	spa	la notte scorsa	adverb	ita
la primera vez	adverb	spa	la prima volta	adverb	ita
la próxima semana	adverb	spa	la settimana prossima	adverb	ita
la próxima vez	adverb	spa	la prossima volta	adverb	ita
lamentablemente	adverb	spa	lamentevolmente	adverb	ita
largamente	adverb	spa	lungamente	adverb	ita
lateralmente	adverb	spa	lateralmente	adverb	ita
legalmente	adverb	spa	legalmente	adverb	ita
legítimamente	adverb	spa	legittimamente	adverb	ita
lejos	adverb	spa	lontano	adverb	ita
lentamente	adverb	spa	lentamente	adverb	ita
lento	adverb	spa	lento	adverb	ita
levemente	adverb	spa	lievemente	adverb	ita
libremente	adverb	spa	liberamente	adverb	ita
ligeramente	adverb	spa	leggermente	adverb	ita
lingüísticamente	adverb	spa	linguisticamente	adverb	ita
lisa y llanamente	adverb	spa	semplicemente	adverb	ita
literalmente	adverb	spa	letteralmente	adverb	ita
livianamente	adverb	spa	leggermente	adverb	ita
llenamente	adverb	spa	pienamente	adverb	ita
del todo	adverb	spa	pienamente	adverb	ita
localmente	adverb	spa	localmente	adverb	ita
locamente	adverb	spa	pazzamente	adverb	ita
luego	adverb	spa	dopo	adverb	ita
luego	adverb	spa	poi	adverb	ita
tan	adverb	spa	poi tanto	adverb	ita
tanto	adverb	spa	poi tanto	adverb	ita
léxicamente	adverb	spa	lessicalmente	adverb	ita
lógicamente	adverb	spa	logicamente	adverb	ita
magistralmente	adverb	spa	magistralmente	adverb	ita
magníficamente	adverb	spa	magnificamente	adverb	ita
majestuosamente	adverb	spa	maestosamente	adverb	ita
mal	adverb	spa	male	adverb	ita
manifiestamente	adverb	spa	manifestamente	adverb	ita
manualmente	adverb	spa	manualmente	adverb	ita
maravillosamente	adverb	spa	splendidamente	adverb	ita
maravillosamente	adverb	spa	meravigliosamente	adverb	ita
marcadamente	adverb	spa	marcatamente	adverb	ita
marginalmente	adverb	spa	marginalmente	adverb	ita
masivamente	adverb	spa	massivamente	adverb	ita
masivamente	adverb	spa	massicciamente	adverb	ita
matemáticamente	adverb	spa	matematicamente	adverb	ita
mayoritariamente	adverb	spa	maggioritariamente	adverb	ita
mayormente	adverb	spa	maggiormente	adverb	ita
mañana	adverb	spa	domani	adverb	ita
mecánicamente	adverb	spa	meccanicamente	adverb	ita
media noche	adverb	spa	mezza notte	adverb	ita
medianamente	adverb	spa	mediamente	adverb	ita
mejor	adverb	spa	migliore	adverb	ita
mejor	adverb	spa	meglio	adverb	ita
menos	adverb	spa	di meno	adverb	ita
menos	adverb	spa	in meno	adverb	ita
menos	adverb	spa	meno	adverb	ita
mensualmente	adverb	spa	mensilmente	adverb	ita
mentalmente	adverb	spa	mentalmente	adverb	ita
meramente	adverb	spa	meramente	adverb	ita
meticulosamente	adverb	spa	meticolosamente	adverb	ita
mientras	adverb	spa	mentre	adverb	ita
mientras tanto	adverb	spa	nel frattempo	adverb	ita
milagrosamente	adverb	spa	miracolosamente	adverb	ita
militarmente	adverb	spa	militarmente	adverb	ita
minuciosamente	adverb	spa	minuziosamente	adverb	ita
misteriosamente	adverb	spa	misteriosamente	adverb	ita
moderadamente	adverb	spa	moderatamente	adverb	ita
modestamente	adverb	spa	modestamente	adverb	ita
modo	adverb	spa	altrimenti	adverb	ita
momento en que	adverb	spa	momento in cui	adverb	ita
momentáneamente	adverb	spa	momentaneamente	adverb	ita
moralmente	adverb	spa	moralmente	adverb	ita
morfológicamente	adverb	spa	morfologicamente	adverb	ita
mortalmente	adverb	spa	mortalmente	adverb	ita
muchas veces	adverb	spa	molte volte	adverb	ita
mucho	adverb	spa	molto	adverb	ita
mucho	adverb	spa	granché	adverb	ita
mucho	adverb	spa	parecchio	adverb	ita
mucho	adverb	spa	un bel po'	adverb	ita
mucho antes	adverb	spa	molto prima	adverb	ita
mucho después	adverb	spa	molto dopo	adverb	ita
mucho mejor	adverb	spa	molto meglio	adverb	ita
mucho menos	adverb	spa	molto di meno	adverb	ita
mucho menos	adverb	spa	molto meno	adverb	ita
mucho más	adverb	spa	molto di più	adverb	ita
mucho más	adverb	spa	molto più	adverb	ita
mucho peor	adverb	spa	molto peggio	adverb	ita
musicalmente	adverb	spa	musicalmente	adverb	ita
mutuamente	adverb	spa	mutuamente	adverb	ita
mutuamente	adverb	spa	a vicenda	adverb	ita
mágicamente	adverb	spa	magicamente	adverb	ita
más	adverb	spa	in più	adverb	ita
más	adverb	spa	più	adverb	ita
más bien	adverb	spa	piuttosto	adverb	ita
más de	adverb	spa	oltre	adverb	ita
más exactamente	adverb	spa	più esattamente	adverb	ita
más o menos	adverb	spa	più o meno	adverb	ita
médicamente	adverb	spa	medicalmente	adverb	ita
naturalmente	adverb	spa	naturalmente	adverb	ita
necesariamente	adverb	spa	necessariamente	adverb	ita
negativamente	adverb	spa	negativamente	adverb	ita
nerviosamente	adverb	spa	nervosamente	adverb	ita
netamente	adverb	spa	nettamente	adverb	ita
ni siquiera	adverb	spa	nemmeno	adverb	ita
no	adverb	spa	no	adverb	ita
no	adverb	spa	non	adverb	ita
no obstante	adverb	spa	tuttavia	adverb	ita
no pocas veces	adverb	spa	non poche volte	adverb	ita
normalmente	adverb	spa	normalmente	adverb	ita
normalmente	adverb	spa	solitamente	adverb	ita
notablemente	adverb	spa	notevolmente	adverb	ita
notoriamente	adverb	spa	notoriamente	adverb	ita
nuevamente	adverb	spa	nuovamente	adverb	ita
numéricamente	adverb	spa	numericamente	adverb	ita
nunca	adverb	spa	mai	adverb	ita
objetivamente	adverb	spa	obiettivamente	adverb	ita
obligatoriamente	adverb	spa	obbligatoriamente	adverb	ita
obviamente	adverb	spa	ovviamente	adverb	ita
ocasionalmente	adverb	spa	occasionalmente	adverb	ita
oficialmente	adverb	spa	ufficialmente	adverb	ita
ojo avizor	adverb	spa	occhio vigile	adverb	ita
on-line	adverb	spa	on line	adverb	ita
oportunamente	adverb	spa	opportunamente	adverb	ita
oralmente	adverb	spa	oralmente	adverb	ita
originalmente	adverb	spa	originalmente	adverb	ita
originariamente	adverb	spa	originariamente	adverb	ita
otra cosa	adverb	spa	un'altra cosa	adverb	ita
otras veces	adverb	spa	altre volte	adverb	ita
p.m.	adverb	spa	p.m.	adverb	ita
pacientemente	adverb	spa	pazientemente	adverb	ita
pacíficamente	adverb	spa	pacificamente	adverb	ita
para que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	a cosa	adverb	ita
paradójicamente	adverb	spa	paradossalmente	adverb	ita
paralelamente	adverb	spa	parallelamente	adverb	ita
parcialmente	adverb	spa	parzialmente	adverb	ita
particularmente	adverb	spa	particolarmente	adverb	ita
pasado mañana	adverb	spa	dopodomani	adverb	ita
pasivamente	adverb	spa	passivamente	adverb	ita
paulatinamente	adverb	spa	paulatinamente	adverb	ita
peligrosamente	adverb	spa	pericolosamente	adverb	ita
peor	adverb	spa	peggio	adverb	ita
per cápita	adverb	spa	per capita	adverb	ita
perennemente	adverb	spa	perennemente	adverb	ita
perfectamente	adverb	spa	perfettamente	adverb	ita
periódicamente	adverb	spa	periodicamente	adverb	ita
permanentemente	adverb	spa	permanentemente	adverb	ita
pero	adverb	spa	eppure	adverb	ita
pero no	adverb	spa	ma non	adverb	ita
perpetuamente	adverb	spa	perpetuamente	adverb	ita
personalmente	adverb	spa	personalmente	adverb	ita
persuasivamente	adverb	spa	persuasivamente	adverb	ita
pesadamente	adverb	spa	pesantemente	adverb	ita
plenamente	adverb	spa	pienamente	adverb	ita
plenamente	adverb	spa	appieno	adverb	ita
pobremente	adverb	spa	poveramente	adverb	ita
poco	adverb	spa	poco	adverb	ita
poco a poco	adverb	spa	poco a poco	adverb	ita
poderosamente	adverb	spa	poderosamente	adverb	ita
políticamente	adverb	spa	politicamente	adverb	ita
popularmente	adverb	spa	popolarmente	adverb	ita
por tanto	adverb	spa	pertanto	adverb	ita
por ahora	adverb	spa	per adesso	adverb	ita
por ahora	adverb	spa	per ora	adverb	ita
por allá	adverb	spa	per di là	adverb	ita
por aquel entonces	adverb	spa	a quel tempo	adverb	ita
por aquel entonces	adverb	spa	a quei tempi	adverb	ita
por aquí	adverb	spa	per di qui	adverb	ita
por arte de magia	adverb	spa	per magia	adverb	ita
por carta	adverb	spa	mediante lettera	adverb	ita
por ciento	adverb	spa	per cento	adverb	ita
por ciento	adverb	spa	percento	adverb	ita
por completo	adverb	spa	completamente	adverb	ita
en total	adverb	spa	completamente	adverb	ita
por consiguiente	adverb	spa	quindi	adverb	ita
por cuenta propia	adverb	spa	per conto proprio	adverb	ita
por descontado	adverb	spa	per scontato	adverb	ita
por ejemplo	adverb	spa	per esempio	adverb	ita
por el extranjero	adverb	spa	all'estero	adverb	ita
por ende	subordinatingConjunction	spa	quindi	adverb	ita
por ende	adverb	spa	dunque	adverb	ita
por entero	adverb	spa	per intero	adverb	ita
por fin	adverb	spa	infine	adverb	ita
por hora	adverb	spa	per ora	adverb	ita
por la mañana	adverb	spa	di mattina	adverb	ita
por la noche	adverb	spa	di notte	adverb	ita
por lo menos	adverb	spa	per lo meno	adverb	ita
por lo menos	adverb	spa	perlomeno	adverb	ita
por lo menos	adverb	spa	quantomeno	adverb	ita
por lo regular	adverb	spa	in generale	adverb	ita
por lo tanto	adverb	spa	perciò	adverb	ita
por minuto	adverb	spa	per minuto	adverb	ita
por noche	adverb	spa	per notte	adverb	ita
por otro lado	adverb	spa	d'altra parte	adverb	ita
por otro lado	adverb	spa	d'altro lato	adverb	ita
por otro lado	adverb	spa	d'altro canto	adverb	ita
por pares	adverb	spa	in coppia	adverb	ita
por primera vez	adverb	spa	per la prima volta	adverb	ita
por qué	adverb	spa	perché	adverb	ita
por segundo	adverb	spa	per secondo	adverb	ita
por sistema	adverb	spa	da sistema	adverb	ita
por supuesto	adverb	spa	ovviamente	adverb	ita
por todas partes	adverb	spa	da tutte le parti	adverb	ita
por todas partes	adverb	spa	dovunque	adverb	ita
por un lado	adverb	spa	da un lato	adverb	ita
por último	adverb	spa	infine	adverb	ita
posiblemente	adverb	spa	possibilmente	adverb	ita
positivamente	adverb	spa	positivamente	adverb	ita
posteriormente	adverb	spa	posteriormente	adverb	ita
potencialmente	adverb	spa	potenzialmente	adverb	ita
pragmáticamente	adverb	spa	pragmaticamente	adverb	ita
precariamente	adverb	spa	precariamente	adverb	ita
precedentemente	adverb	spa	precedentemente	adverb	ita
precisamente	adverb	spa	precisamente	adverb	ita
con precisión	adverb	spa	precisamente	adverb	ita
precisamente	adverb	spa	appunto	adverb	ita
precozmente	adverb	spa	precocemente	adverb	ita
preferentemente	adverb	spa	preferenzialmente	adverb	ita
preferiblemente	adverb	spa	preferibilmente	adverb	ita
prematuramente	adverb	spa	prematuramente	adverb	ita
presumiblemente	adverb	spa	presumibilmente	adverb	ita
presuntamente	adverb	spa	presuntamente	adverb	ita
prevalentemente	adverb	spa	prevalentemente	adverb	ita
preventivamente	adverb	spa	preventivamente	adverb	ita
previamente	adverb	spa	previamente	adverb	ita
previsiblemente	adverb	spa	previsibilmente	adverb	ita
primariamente	adverb	spa	primariamente	adverb	ita
primeramente	adverb	spa	primamente	adverb	ita
principalmente	adverb	spa	principalmente	adverb	ita
principalmente	adverb	spa	perlopiù	adverb	ita
probablemente	adverb	spa	probabilmente	adverb	ita
productivamente	adverb	spa	produttivamente	adverb	ita
profesionalmente	adverb	spa	professionalmente	adverb	ita
profundamente	adverb	spa	profondamente	adverb	ita
progresivamente	adverb	spa	progressivamente	adverb	ita
prontamente	adverb	spa	prontamente	adverb	ita
pronto	adverb	spa	presto	adverb	ita
propiamente	adverb	spa	propriamente	adverb	ita
proporcionalmente	adverb	spa	proporzionalmente	adverb	ita
provisionalmente	adverb	spa	provvisoriamente	adverb	ita
prácticamente	adverb	spa	praticamente	adverb	ita
prácticamente	adverb	spa	pressoché	adverb	ita
próximamente	adverb	spa	prossimamente	adverb	ita
psicológicamente	adverb	spa	psicologicamente	adverb	ita
puede ser	adverb	spa	può darsi	adverb	ita
puede ser	adverb	spa	può essere	adverb	ita
puntualmente	adverb	spa	puntualmente	adverb	ita
pura y simplemente	adverb	spa	puramente e semplicemente	adverb	ita
puramente	adverb	spa	puramente	adverb	ita
puramente	adverb	spa	prettamente	adverb	ita
públicamente	adverb	spa	pubblicamente	adverb	ita
quizá	adverb	spa	forse	adverb	ita
quizás	adverb	spa	forse	adverb	ita
a lo mejor	adverb	spa	forse	adverb	ita
químicamente	adverb	spa	chimicamente	adverb	ita
radicalmente	adverb	spa	radicalmente	adverb	ita
raramente	adverb	spa	raramente	adverb	ita
raras veces	adverb	spa	rare volte	adverb	ita
razonablemente	adverb	spa	ragionevolmente	adverb	ita
realmente	adverb	spa	realmente	adverb	ita
de manera realista	adverb	spa	realisticamente	adverb	ita
rumorosamente	adverb	spa	ruidosamente	adverb	ita
realmente	adverb	spa	veramente	adverb	ita
recientemente	adverb	spa	di recente	adverb	ita
recientemente	adverb	spa	recentemente	adverb	ita
reciprocamente	adverb	spa	reciprocamente	adverb	ita
recién	adverb	spa	di recente	adverb	ita
recursivamente	adverb	spa	ricorsivamente	adverb	ita
regular	adverb	spa	mediamente	adverb	ita
regularmente	adverb	spa	regolarmente	adverb	ita
reiteradamente	adverb	spa	ripetutamente	adverb	ita
relativamente	adverb	spa	relativamente	adverb	ita
religiosamente	adverb	spa	religiosamente	adverb	ita
remotamente	adverb	spa	a distanza	adverb	ita
repentinamente	adverb	spa	improvvisamente	adverb	ita
repetidamente	adverb	spa	ripetutamente	adverb	ita
respectivamente	adverb	spa	rispettivamente	adverb	ita
respetuosamente	adverb	spa	rispettosamente	adverb	ita
responsablemente	adverb	spa	responsabilmente	adverb	ita
ricamente	adverb	spa	riccamente	adverb	ita
rotundamente	adverb	spa	rotondamente	adverb	ita
rápidamente	adverb	spa	rapidamente	adverb	ita
rápidamente	adverb	spa	velocemente	adverb	ita
rígidamente	adverb	spa	rigidamente	adverb	ita
sabiamente	adverb	spa	sapientemente	adverb	ita
secretamente	adverb	spa	segretamente	adverb	ita
secundariamente	adverb	spa	secondariamente	adverb	ita
seguramente	adverb	spa	sicuramente	adverb	ita
seguro	adverb	spa	sicuro	adverb	ita
semanalmente	adverb	spa	settimanalmente	adverb	ita
semejantemente	adverb	spa	similarmente	adverb	ita
semejantemente	adverb	spa	similmente	adverb	ita
sencillamente	adverb	spa	semplicemente	adverb	ita
sensiblemente	adverb	spa	sensibilmente	adverb	ita
con educación	adverb	spa	cortesemente	adverb	ita
separadamente	adverb	spa	separatamente	adverb	ita
seriamente	adverb	spa	seriamente	adverb	ita
seriamente	adverb	spa	con serietà	adverb	ita
severamente	adverb	spa	severamente	adverb	ita
en paz	adverb	spa	serenamente	adverb	ita
satisfactoriamente	adverb	spa	con successo	adverb	ita
sexualmente	adverb	spa	sessualmente	adverb	ita
si bien	adverb	spa	benché	adverb	ita
siempre	adverb	spa	sempre	adverb	ita
siempre que	adverb	spa	qualora	adverb	ita
significativamente	adverb	spa	significativamente	adverb	ita
simbólicamente	adverb	spa	simbolicamente	adverb	ita
simplemente	adverb	spa	semplicemente	adverb	ita
simultáneamente	adverb	spa	simultaneamente	adverb	ita
sin derecho de apelación	adverb	spa	senza diritto d'appello	adverb	ita
sin embargo	adverb	spa	ciò nonostante	adverb	ita
sin falta	adverb	spa	senza bisogno	adverb	ita
sin ninguna prisa	adverb	spa	senza nessuna fretta	adverb	ita
sin pies ni cabeza	adverb	spa	senza piedi né testa	adverb	ita
sin prisa	adverb	spa	senza fretta	adverb	ita
sin rodeos	adverb	spa	senza giri	adverb	ita
sin tapujos	adverb	spa	senza peli sulla lingua	adverb	ita
sinceramente	adverb	spa	sinceramente	adverb	ita
singularmente	adverb	spa	singolarmente	adverb	ita
sintéticamente	adverb	spa	sinteticamente	adverb	ita
siquiera	adverb	spa	neppure	adverb	ita
sistemáticamente	adverb	spa	sistematicamente	adverb	ita
sobradamente	adverb	spa	ampiamente	adverb	ita
sobre todo	adverb	spa	soprattutto	adverb	ita
sobre todo	adverb	spa	prima di tutto	adverb	ita
socialmente	adverb	spa	socialmente	adverb	ita
solamente	adverb	spa	solamente	adverb	ita
solemnemente	adverb	spa	solennemente	adverb	ita
solo	adverb	spa	solo	adverb	ita
sorprendentemente	adverb	spa	sorprendentemente	adverb	ita
sospechosamente	adverb	spa	sospettosamente	adverb	ita
suavemente	adverb	spa	delicatamente	adverb	ita
sucesivamente	adverb	spa	successivamente	adverb	ita
suficientemente	adverb	spa	sufficientemente	adverb	ita
sumamente	adverb	spa	sommamente	adverb	ita
superficialmente	adverb	spa	superficialmente	adverb	ita
supuestamente	adverb	spa	suppostamente	adverb	ita
sustancialmente	adverb	spa	sostanzialmente	adverb	ita
sutilmente	adverb	spa	sottilmente	adverb	ita
debajo del agua	adverb	spa	sott'acqua	adverb	ita
sí	adverb	spa	sì	adverb	ita
sólo	adverb	spa	soltanto	adverb	ita
sólo	adverb	spa	solo	adverb	ita
tal vez	adverb	spa	forse	adverb	ita
también	adverb	spa	pure	adverb	ita
también	adverb	spa	anche	adverb	ita
tampoco	adverb	spa	neanche	adverb	ita
tan sólo	adverb	spa	soltanto	adverb	ita
tanto	adverb	spa	tanto	adverb	ita
tarde	adverb	spa	tardi	adverb	ita
tarde	adverb	spa	in ritardo	adverb	ita
tecnológicamente	adverb	spa	tecnologicamente	adverb	ita
telefónicamente	adverb	spa	telefonicamente	adverb	ita
temporalmente	adverb	spa	temporalmente	adverb	ita
temporalmente	adverb	spa	temporaneamente	adverb	ita
temprano	adverb	spa	presto	adverb	ita
tendencialmente	adverb	spa	tendenzialmente	adverb	ita
terriblemente	adverb	spa	terribilmente	adverb	ita
teóricamente	adverb	spa	teoricamente	adverb	ita
todavía	adverb	spa	tutt'ora	adverb	ita
todavía	adverb	spa	ancora	adverb	ita
todavía	adverb	spa	comunque	adverb	ita
todavía	adverb	spa	tuttora	adverb	ita
todavía más	adverb	spa	ancor di più	adverb	ita
totalmente	adverb	spa	totalmente	adverb	ita
tradicionalmente	adverb	spa	tradizionalmente	adverb	ita
tranquilamente	adverb	spa	tranquillamente	adverb	ita
transitoriamente	adverb	spa	transitoriamente	adverb	ita
transversalmente	adverb	spa	trasversalmente	adverb	ita
tremendamente	adverb	spa	tremendamente	adverb	ita
tristemente	adverb	spa	tristemente	adverb	ita
trágicamente	adverb	spa	tragicamente	adverb	ita
técnicamente	adverb	spa	tecnicamente	adverb	ita
tímidamente	adverb	spa	timidamente	adverb	ita
típicamente	adverb	spa	tipicamente	adverb	ita
un poco	adverb	spa	un po'	adverb	ita
un poco	adverb	spa	alquanto	adverb	ita
un tanto	adverb	spa	piuttosto	adverb	ita
una vez más	adverb	spa	ancora una volta	adverb	ita
unidamente	adverb	spa	unitamente	adverb	ita
unilateralmente	adverb	spa	unilateralmente	adverb	ita
universalmente	adverb	spa	universalmente	adverb	ita
uno a uno	adverb	spa	uno ad uno	adverb	ita
unánimemente	adverb	spa	unanimemente	adverb	ita
unívocamente	adverb	spa	univocamente	adverb	ita
urbanísticamente	adverb	spa	urbanisticamente	adverb	ita
urgentemente	adverb	spa	urgentemente	adverb	ita
por lo común	adverb	spa	di solito	adverb	ita
vagamente	adverb	spa	vagamente	adverb	ita
valerosamente	adverb	spa	strenuamente	adverb	ita
variadamente	adverb	spa	variamente	adverb	ita
varios meses	adverb	spa	parecchi mesi	adverb	ita
vehementemente	adverb	spa	veementemente	adverb	ita
verbalmente	adverb	spa	verbalmente	adverb	ita
verdaderamente	adverb	spa	veramente	adverb	ita
verticalmente	adverb	spa	verticalmente	adverb	ita
viceversa	adverb	spa	viceversa	adverb	ita
violentamente	adverb	spa	violentemente	adverb	ita
virtualmente	adverb	spa	virtualmente	adverb	ita
visiblemente	adverb	spa	visibilmente	adverb	ita
visualmente	adverb	spa	visivamente	adverb	ita
voluntariamente	adverb	spa	volontariamente	adverb	ita
ya	adverb	spa	già	adverb	ita
ávidamente	adverb	spa	avidamente	adverb	ita
éticamente	adverb	spa	eticamente	adverb	ita
étnicamente	adverb	spa	etnicamente	adverb	ita
íntegramente	adverb	spa	integralmente	adverb	ita
íntimamente	adverb	spa	intimamente	adverb	ita
últimamente	adverb	spa	ultimamente	adverb	ita
únicamente	adverb	spa	unicamente	adverb	ita
a	preposition	spa	a	preposition	ita
a la espera de	preposition	spa	in attesa di	preposition	ita
a la búsqueda de	preposition	spa	in cerca di	preposition	ita
a la vista de	preposition	spa	alla vista di	preposition	ita
a lo largo de	preposition	spa	lungo	preposition	ita
a parte de	preposition	spa	fuorché	preposition	ita
a pesar de	preposition	spa	nonostante	preposition	ita
a principios de	preposition	spa	agli inizi di	preposition	ita
a través de	preposition	spa	tramite	preposition	ita
acerca de	preposition	spa	su	preposition	ita
además de	preposition	spa	oltre	preposition	ita
alrededor de	preposition	spa	intorno a	preposition	ita
alrededor de	preposition	spa	intorno a	preposition	ita
alrededor de	preposition	spa	attorno a	preposition	ita
alrededores	preposition	spa	pressi	preposition	ita
ante	preposition	spa	davanti	preposition	ita
ante	preposition	spa	davanti a	preposition	ita
bajo	preposition	spa	sotto	preposition	ita
cerca de	preposition	spa	vicino a	preposition	ita
cerca de	preposition	spa	vicino	preposition	ita
como	preposition	spa	come	preposition	ita
con	preposition	spa	con	preposition	ita
con la finalidad de	preposition	spa	finalizzato a	preposition	ita
con respecto a	preposition	spa	per quanto riguarda	preposition	ita
contra	preposition	spa	contro	preposition	ita
compitiendo con	preposition	spa	in gara con	preposition	ita
de	preposition	spa	di	preposition	ita
de	preposition	spa	da	preposition	ita
de	preposition	spa	di	preposition	ita
de que	preposition	spa	che	preposition	ita
debajo de	preposition	spa	sotto	preposition	ita
delante de	preposition	spa	dinanzi a	preposition	ita
delante de	preposition	spa	innanzi a	preposition	ita
dentro	preposition	spa	dentro	preposition	ita
dentro de	preposition	spa	dentro	preposition	ita
dentro de	preposition	spa	entro	preposition	ita
dentro de	preposition	spa	dentro di	preposition	ita
dentro de	preposition	spa	entro	preposition	ita
dentro	adverb	spa	al coperto	adverb	ita
al pie de la letra	adverb	spa	alla lettera	adverb	ita
desde	preposition	spa	da	preposition	ita
después de	preposition	spa	dopo	preposition	ita
detrás de	preposition	spa	dietro	preposition	ita
durante	preposition	spa	durante	preposition	ita
empezando por	preposition	spa	a cominciare da	preposition	ita
en	preposition	spa	in	preposition	ita
en cuanto a	preposition	spa	per quanto riguarda	preposition	ita
encima de	preposition	spa	su	preposition	ita
entorno a	preposition	spa	attorno a	preposition	ita
entre	preposition	spa	tra	preposition	ita
entre	preposition	spa	fra	preposition	ita
excepto	preposition	spa	tranne	preposition	ita
excepto	preposition	spa	eccetto	preposition	ita
frente a	preposition	spa	rispetto a	preposition	ita
fuera de	preposition	spa	fuori	preposition	ita
fuera de	preposition	spa	fuori di	preposition	ita
hacia	preposition	spa	verso	preposition	ita
hacia	preposition	spa	per	preposition	ita
hasta	preposition	spa	fino	preposition	ita
junto a	preposition	spa	accanto a	preposition	ita
junto a	preposition	spa	assieme a	preposition	ita
junto con	preposition	spa	insieme a	preposition	ita
mediante	preposition	spa	mediante	preposition	ita
más allá de	preposition	spa	al di fuori da	preposition	ita
más allá de	preposition	spa	oltre	preposition	ita
adicionalmente a	preposition	spa	oltre a	preposition	ita
para	preposition	spa	per	preposition	ita
por	preposition	spa	per	preposition	ita
por encima de	preposition	spa	sopra	preposition	ita
por medio de	preposition	spa	tramite	preposition	ita
por otros	preposition	spa	per altri	preposition	ita
propiciada	preposition	spa	portata a	preposition	ita
propiciada por	preposition	spa	portata da	preposition	ita
propiciadas	preposition	spa	portate a	preposition	ita
propiciadas por	preposition	spa	portate da	preposition	ita
propiciado	preposition	spa	portato a	preposition	ita
propiciado por	preposition	spa	portato da	preposition	ita
propiciados	preposition	spa	portati a	preposition	ita
propiciados por	preposition	spa	portati da	preposition	ita
según	preposition	spa	secondo	preposition	ita
sin	preposition	spa	senza	preposition	ita
sobre	preposition	spa	su	preposition	ita
sobre	preposition	spa	sopra	preposition	ita
tras	preposition	spa	dopo	preposition	ita
miles de	preposition	spa	migliaio di	preposition	ita
miles de	preposition	spa	migliaia di	preposition	ita
ABC	properNoun	spa	ABC	properNoun	ita
ACB	properNoun	spa	ACB	properNoun	ita
ASW	properNoun	spa	ASW	properNoun	ita
Abad	properNoun	spa	Abad	properNoun	ita
Abascal	properNoun	spa	Abascal	properNoun	ita
Costa	properNoun	spa	Costa	properNoun	ita
Abbott	properNoun	spa	Abbott	properNoun	ita
Abellán	properNoun	spa	Abellán	properNoun	ita
Abu	properNoun	spa	Abu	properNoun	ita
Acebes	properNoun	spa	Acebes	properNoun	ita
Acebo	properNoun	spa	Acebo	properNoun	ita
Acosta	properNoun	spa	Acosta	properNoun	ita
Adams	properNoun	spa	Adams	properNoun	ita
Afganistán	properNoun	spa	Afghanistan	properNoun	ita
Agassi	properNoun	spa	Agassi	properNoun	ita
Agirre	properNoun	spa	Agirre	properNoun	ita
Agnes	properNoun	spa	Agnes	properNoun	ita
Agnew	properNoun	spa	Agnew	properNoun	ita
Agostinacchio	properNoun	spa	Agostinacchio	properNoun	ita
Aguado	properNoun	spa	Aguado	properNoun	ita
Aguilera	properNoun	spa	Aguilera	properNoun	ita
Aguirre	properNoun	spa	Aguirre	properNoun	ita
Aguirre	properNoun	spa	Aguirre	properNoun	ita
Agulló	properNoun	spa	Agulló	properNoun	ita
Ahern	properNoun	spa	Ahern	properNoun	ita
Alarcón	properNoun	spa	Alarcón	properNoun	ita
Albelda	properNoun	spa	Albelda	properNoun	ita
Raggi	properNoun	spa	Raggi	properNoun	ita
Fico	properNoun	spa	Fico	properNoun	ita
Vespa	properNoun	spa	Vespa	properNoun	ita
Albero	properNoun	spa	Albero	properNoun	ita
Albert Glynn	properNoun	spa	Albert Glynn	properNoun	ita
Albini	properNoun	spa	Albini	properNoun	ita
Albiol	properNoun	spa	Albiol	properNoun	ita
Alcaraz	properNoun	spa	Alcaraz	properNoun	ita
Alcántara	properNoun	spa	Alcántara	properNoun	ita
Aleixandre	properNoun	spa	Aleixandre	properNoun	ita
Alfa	properNoun	spa	Alpha	properNoun	ita
Alfaro	properNoun	spa	Alfaro	properNoun	ita
Algarra	properNoun	spa	Algarra	properNoun	ita
Vinci	properNoun	spa	Vinci	properNoun	ita
Bocca	properNoun	spa	Bocca	properNoun	ita
Allman	properNoun	spa	Allman	properNoun	ita
Almodóvar	properNoun	spa	Almodóvar	properNoun	ita
Almunia	properNoun	spa	Almunia	properNoun	ita
Almunia	properNoun	spa	Almunia	properNoun	ita
Alonso	properNoun	spa	Alonso	properNoun	ita
Alpha	properNoun	spa	Alpha	properNoun	ita
Alvarez	properNoun	spa	Alvarez	properNoun	ita
Alzheimer	properNoun	spa	Alzheimer	properNoun	ita
Amazonas	properNoun	spa	Amazonas	properNoun	ita
Amazonas	properNoun	spa	Amazzonia	properNoun	ita
American	properNoun	spa	Americano	properNoun	ita
Amor Pérez	properNoun	spa	Amor Pérez	properNoun	ita
Amy	properNoun	spa	Amy	properNoun	ita
Anderson	properNoun	spa	Anderson	properNoun	ita
Antártida	properNoun	spa	Antartico	properNoun	ita
Apple	properNoun	spa	Apple	properNoun	ita
Arafat	properNoun	spa	Arafat	properNoun	ita
Aranda	properNoun	spa	Aranda	properNoun	ita
Arce	properNoun	spa	Arce	properNoun	ita
Arjona	properNoun	spa	Arjona	properNoun	ita
Armstrong	properNoun	spa	Armstrong	properNoun	ita
Art	properNoun	spa	Art	properNoun	ita
Artigas	properNoun	spa	Artigas	properNoun	ita
Arzalluz	properNoun	spa	Arzalluz	properNoun	ita
Arévalo	properNoun	spa	Arévalo	properNoun	ita
Asperger	properNoun	spa	Asperger	properNoun	ita
Asselborn	properNoun	spa	Asselborn	properNoun	ita
Asset Swap Spread	properNoun	spa	Asset Swap Spread	properNoun	ita
Associazione Italiana Private Banking	properNoun	spa	Associazione Italiana Private Banking	properNoun	ita
Athletic	properNoun	spa	Athletic	properNoun	ita
Atutxa	properNoun	spa	Atutxa	properNoun	ita
Aura	properNoun	spa	Aura	properNoun	ita
Azkarate	properNoun	spa	Azkarate	properNoun	ita
Aznar	properNoun	spa	Aznar	properNoun	ita
BMW	properNoun	spa	BMW	properNoun	ita
Babbage	properNoun	spa	Babbage	properNoun	ita
Babilonia	properNoun	spa	Babilonia	properNoun	ita
Baeza	properNoun	spa	Baeza	properNoun	ita
Bagnasco	properNoun	spa	Bagnasco	properNoun	ita
Bahamas	properNoun	spa	Bahamas	properNoun	ita
Baker	properNoun	spa	Baker	properNoun	ita
Balboa	properNoun	spa	Balboa	properNoun	ita
Bali	properNoun	spa	Bali	properNoun	ita
Baltimore	properNoun	spa	Baltimora	properNoun	ita
Balzac	properNoun	spa	Balzac	properNoun	ita
Bang	properNoun	spa	Bang	properNoun	ita
Bangalore	properNoun	spa	Bangalore	properNoun	ita
Barclay	properNoun	spa	Barclay	properNoun	ita
Barreda	properNoun	spa	Barreda	properNoun	ita
Barroso	properNoun	spa	Barroso	properNoun	ita
Barrot	properNoun	spa	Barrot	properNoun	ita
Beach	properNoun	spa	Beach	properNoun	ita
Beckett	properNoun	spa	Beckett	properNoun	ita
Beethoven	properNoun	spa	Beethoven	properNoun	ita
Belinchón	properNoun	spa	Belinchón	properNoun	ita
Bell	properNoun	spa	Bell	properNoun	ita
Benedicto I	properNoun	spa	Benedetto I	properNoun	ita
Benedicto II	properNoun	spa	Benedetto II	properNoun	ita
Benedicto III	properNoun	spa	Benedetto III	properNoun	ita
Benedicto IV	properNoun	spa	Benedetto IV	properNoun	ita
Benedicto IX	properNoun	spa	Benedetto IX	properNoun	ita
Benedicto V	properNoun	spa	Benedetto V	properNoun	ita
Benedicto VI	properNoun	spa	Benedetto VI	properNoun	ita
Benedicto VII	properNoun	spa	Benedetto VII	properNoun	ita
Benedicto VIII	properNoun	spa	Benedetto VIII	properNoun	ita
Benedicto X	properNoun	spa	Benedetto X	properNoun	ita
Benedicto XI	properNoun	spa	Benedetto XI	properNoun	ita
Benedicto XII	properNoun	spa	Benedetto XII	properNoun	ita
Benedicto XIII	properNoun	spa	Benedetto XIII	properNoun	ita
Benedicto XIV	properNoun	spa	Benedetto XIV	properNoun	ita
Benedicto XV	properNoun	spa	Benedetto XV	properNoun	ita
Benedicto XVI	properNoun	spa	Benedetto XVI	properNoun	ita
Berkeley	properNoun	spa	Berkeley	properNoun	ita
Berlanga	properNoun	spa	Berlanga	properNoun	ita
Berry	properNoun	spa	Berry	properNoun	ita
Besson	properNoun	spa	Besson	properNoun	ita
Betis	properNoun	spa	Betis	properNoun	ita
Big	properNoun	spa	Big	properNoun	ita
Bilbao	properNoun	spa	Bilbao	properNoun	ita
Bilquez	properNoun	spa	Bilquez	properNoun	ita
Bin	properNoun	spa	Bin	properNoun	ita
Bischoff	properNoun	spa	Bischoff	properNoun	ita
Biwer	properNoun	spa	Biwer	properNoun	ita
Black	properNoun	spa	Black	properNoun	ita
Blair	properNoun	spa	Blair	properNoun	ita
Blue	properNoun	spa	Blue	properNoun	ita
Bobadilla	properNoun	spa	Bobadilla	properNoun	ita
Bohr	properNoun	spa	Bohr	properNoun	ita
Bonaparte	properNoun	spa	Bonaparte	properNoun	ita
Bonica	properNoun	spa	Bonica	properNoun	ita
Bono Martinez	properNoun	spa	Bono Martinez	properNoun	ita
Borbones	properNoun	spa	Borbone	properNoun	ita
Borg	properNoun	spa	Borg	properNoun	ita
Bosco	properNoun	spa	Bosco	properNoun	ita
Boyle	properNoun	spa	Boyle	properNoun	ita
Brad	properNoun	spa	Brad	properNoun	ita
Bralo	properNoun	spa	Bralo	properNoun	ita
Breen	properNoun	spa	Breen	properNoun	ita
Bronx	properNoun	spa	Bronx	properNoun	ita
Brooklyn	properNoun	spa	Brooklyn	properNoun	ita
Brown	properNoun	spa	Brown	properNoun	ita
Browne	properNoun	spa	Browne	properNoun	ita
Buckley	properNoun	spa	Buckley	properNoun	ita
Burke	properNoun	spa	Burke	properNoun	ita
Burns	properNoun	spa	Burns	properNoun	ita
Bush	properNoun	spa	Bush	properNoun	ita
Byrne	properNoun	spa	Byrne	properNoun	ita
Cairo	properNoun	spa	Cairo	properNoun	ita
Caltech	properNoun	spa	Caltech	properNoun	ita
Cameron	properNoun	spa	Cameron	properNoun	ita
Campbell	properNoun	spa	Campbell	properNoun	ita
Cano	properNoun	spa	Cano	properNoun	ita
Carballo	properNoun	spa	Carballo	properNoun	ita
Caribe	properNoun	spa	Caraibi	properNoun	ita
Carmona	properNoun	spa	Carmona	properNoun	ita
Carnegie	properNoun	spa	Carnegie	properNoun	ita
Carod-Rovira	properNoun	spa	Carod-Rovira	properNoun	ita
Carol	properNoun	spa	Carol	properNoun	ita
Carrillo	properNoun	spa	Carrillo	properNoun	ita
Carter	properNoun	spa	Carter	properNoun	ita
Casanova	properNoun	spa	Casanova	properNoun	ita
Cassini	properNoun	spa	Cassini	properNoun	ita
Castro	properNoun	spa	Castro	properNoun	ita
Cauchy	properNoun	spa	Cauchy	properNoun	ita
Cct	properNoun	spa	Cct	properNoun	ita
Cervantes	properNoun	spa	Cervantes	properNoun	ita
Chamorro	properNoun	spa	Chamorro	properNoun	ita
Chatterley	properNoun	spa	Chatterley	properNoun	ita
Chavez	properNoun	spa	Chavez	properNoun	ita
Checa	properNoun	spa	Checa	properNoun	ita
Cheney	properNoun	spa	Cheney	properNoun	ita
Cheryl	properNoun	spa	Cheryl	properNoun	ita
Chirac	properNoun	spa	Chirac	properNoun	ita
Christensen	properNoun	spa	Christensen	properNoun	ita
Churchill	properNoun	spa	Churchill	properNoun	ita
CiU	properNoun	spa	CiU	properNoun	ita
Cid	properNoun	spa	Cid	properNoun	ita
Ciro	properNoun	spa	Ciro	properNoun	ita
Cisneros	properNoun	spa	Cisneros	properNoun	ita
Clarke	properNoun	spa	Clarke	properNoun	ita
Clemente I	properNoun	spa	Clemente I	properNoun	ita
Clemente II	properNoun	spa	Clemente II	properNoun	ita
Clemente III	properNoun	spa	Clemente III	properNoun	ita
Clemente IV	properNoun	spa	Clemente IV	properNoun	ita
Clemente IX	properNoun	spa	Clemente IX	properNoun	ita
Clemente V	properNoun	spa	Clemente V	properNoun	ita
Clemente VI	properNoun	spa	Clemente VI	properNoun	ita
Clemente VII	properNoun	spa	Clemente VII	properNoun	ita
Clemente VIII	properNoun	spa	Clemente VIII	properNoun	ita
Clemente X	properNoun	spa	Clemente X	properNoun	ita
Clemente XI	properNoun	spa	Clemente XI	properNoun	ita
Clemente XII	properNoun	spa	Clemente XII	properNoun	ita
Clemente XIII	properNoun	spa	Clemente XIII	properNoun	ita
Clemente XIV	properNoun	spa	Clemente XIV	properNoun	ita
Clinton	properNoun	spa	Clinton	properNoun	ita
Clooney	properNoun	spa	Clooney	properNoun	ita
Coen	properNoun	spa	Coen	properNoun	ita
Cohen	properNoun	spa	Cohen	properNoun	ita
Collantes	properNoun	spa	Collantes	properNoun	ita
College	properNoun	spa	College	properNoun	ita
Collina	properNoun	spa	Collina	properNoun	ita
Collins	properNoun	spa	Collins	properNoun	ita
Colom	properNoun	spa	Colom	properNoun	ita
Coloma	properNoun	spa	Coloma	properNoun	ita
Columbia	properNoun	spa	Columbia	properNoun	ita
Conde	properNoun	spa	Conde	properNoun	ita
Connolly	properNoun	spa	Connolly	properNoun	ita
Contreras	properNoun	spa	Contreras	properNoun	ita
Cooper	properNoun	spa	Cooper	properNoun	ita
Copenhague	properNoun	spa	Copenhagen	properNoun	ita
Cosby	properNoun	spa	Cosby	properNoun	ita
Cowen	properNoun	spa	Cowen	properNoun	ita
Craig	properNoun	spa	Craig	properNoun	ita
Crowe	properNoun	spa	Crowe	properNoun	ita
Cruise	properNoun	spa	Cruise	properNoun	ita
Cruz-Díez	properNoun	spa	Cruz-Díez	properNoun	ita
Cunningham	properNoun	spa	Cunningham	properNoun	ita
Curie	properNoun	spa	Curie	properNoun	ita
Custódio	properNoun	spa	Custódio	properNoun	ita
DGA	properNoun	spa	DGA	properNoun	ita
DNI	properNoun	spa	DNI	properNoun	ita
Daesh	properNoun	spa	Daesh	properNoun	ita
Dalai	properNoun	spa	Dalai	properNoun	ita
Daly	properNoun	spa	Daly	properNoun	ita
Dalí	properNoun	spa	Dalí	properNoun	ita
Dame	properNoun	spa	Dame	properNoun	ita
Danny	properNoun	spa	Danny	properNoun	ita
Darfur	properNoun	spa	Darfur	properNoun	ita
Darwin	properNoun	spa	Darwin	properNoun	ita
Dave	properNoun	spa	Dave	properNoun	ita
David Begg	properNoun	spa	David Begg	properNoun	ita
Davis	properNoun	spa	Davis	properNoun	ita
Dean	properNoun	spa	Dean	properNoun	ita
Debussy	properNoun	spa	Debussy	properNoun	ita
Delhi	properNoun	spa	Delhi	properNoun	ita
Deneuve	properNoun	spa	Deneuve	properNoun	ita
Depardieu	properNoun	spa	Depardieu	properNoun	ita
Derek	properNoun	spa	Derek	properNoun	ita
DiCaprio	properNoun	spa	DiCaprio	properNoun	ita
Dick	properNoun	spa	Dick	properNoun	ita
Dickner	properNoun	spa	Dickner	properNoun	ita
Diez	properNoun	spa	Diez	properNoun	ita
Dimas	properNoun	spa	Dimas	properNoun	ita
Dior	properNoun	spa	Dior	properNoun	ita
Dios	properNoun	spa	Dio	properNoun	ita
Diouf	properNoun	spa	Diouf	properNoun	ita
Disney	properNoun	spa	Disney	properNoun	ita
Disney	properNoun	spa	Disney	properNoun	ita
Disney	properNoun	spa	Disney	properNoun	ita
Doaa	properNoun	spa	Doaa	properNoun	ita
Domenech	properNoun	spa	Domenech	properNoun	ita
Domènech	properNoun	spa	Domènech	properNoun	ita
Doménech	properNoun	spa	Doménech	properNoun	ita
Domínguez	properNoun	spa	Domínguez	properNoun	ita
Donnedieu	properNoun	spa	Donnedieu	properNoun	ita
Donnelly	properNoun	spa	Donnelly	properNoun	ita
Doug	properNoun	spa	Doug	properNoun	ita
Douste	properNoun	spa	Douste	properNoun	ita
Douste-Blazy	properNoun	spa	Douste-Blazy	properNoun	ita
Dow Jones	properNoun	spa	Dow Jones	properNoun	ita
Downing	properNoun	spa	Downing	properNoun	ita
Doyle	properNoun	spa	Doyle	properNoun	ita
Dreyfus	properNoun	spa	Dreyfus	properNoun	ita
Dubois	properNoun	spa	Dubois	properNoun	ita
Ducho	properNoun	spa	Ducho	properNoun	ita
Duffy	properNoun	spa	Duffy	properNoun	ita
Duhamel	properNoun	spa	Duhamel	properNoun	ita
Dumas	properNoun	spa	Dumas	properNoun	ita
Dumons	properNoun	spa	Dumons	properNoun	ita
Dumont	properNoun	spa	Dumont	properNoun	ita
Dunne	properNoun	spa	Dunne	properNoun	ita
Dupont	properNoun	spa	Dupont	properNoun	ita
Durán	properNoun	spa	Durán	properNoun	ita
Dylan	properNoun	spa	Dylan	properNoun	ita
Díaz	properNoun	spa	Díaz	properNoun	ita
Díez	properNoun	spa	Díez	properNoun	ita
Dörler	properNoun	spa	Dörler	properNoun	ita
East	properNoun	spa	East	properNoun	ita
Eastwood	properNoun	spa	Eastwood	properNoun	ita
Edén	properNoun	spa	Eden	properNoun	ita
Efs	properNoun	spa	Efs	properNoun	ita
Efsm	properNoun	spa	Efsm	properNoun	ita
Egibar	properNoun	spa	Egibar	properNoun	ita
Eiffel	properNoun	spa	Eiffel	properNoun	ita
Einstein	properNoun	spa	Einstein	properNoun	ita
El Greco	properNoun	spa	El Greco	properNoun	ita
ElBaradei	properNoun	spa	ElBaradei	properNoun	ita
Endlein	properNoun	spa	Endlein	properNoun	ita
Erkoreka	properNoun	spa	Erkoreka	properNoun	ita
Espanyol	properNoun	spa	Espanyol	properNoun	ita
Estado	properNoun	spa	Stato	properNoun	ita
Estévez	properNoun	spa	Estévez	properNoun	ita
Etosa	properNoun	spa	Etosa	properNoun	ita
Etxeberria	properNoun	spa	Etxeberria	properNoun	ita
Euler	properNoun	spa	Euler	properNoun	ita
European financial stability facility	properNoun	spa	European financial stability facility	properNoun	ita
European financial stability Mechanism	properNoun	spa	European financial stability Mechanism	properNoun	ita
Evans	properNoun	spa	Evans	properNoun	ita
Everest	properNoun	spa	Everest	properNoun	ita
Everglades	properNoun	spa	Everglades	properNoun	ita
Expo	properNoun	spa	Expo	properNoun	ita
FIAT	properNoun	spa	FIAT	properNoun	ita
Faraday	properNoun	spa	Faraday	properNoun	ita
Farrell	properNoun	spa	Farrell	properNoun	ita
Felix	properNoun	spa	Felix	properNoun	ita
Fermi	properNoun	spa	Fermi	properNoun	ita
Fernandez	properNoun	spa	Fernandez	properNoun	ita
Ferreira	properNoun	spa	Ferreira	properNoun	ita
Ferrero	properNoun	spa	Ferrero	properNoun	ita
Feynman	properNoun	spa	Feynman	properNoun	ita
Fibonacci	properNoun	spa	Fibonacci	properNoun	ita
Fige	properNoun	spa	Fige	properNoun	ita
Figo	properNoun	spa	Figo	properNoun	ita
Fini	properNoun	spa	Fini	properNoun	ita
Fitzgerald	properNoun	spa	Fitzgerald	properNoun	ita
Fitzpatrick	properNoun	spa	Fitzpatrick	properNoun	ita
Flanagan	properNoun	spa	Flanagan	properNoun	ita
Flickr	properNoun	spa	Flickr	properNoun	ita
Flynn	properNoun	spa	Flynn	properNoun	ita
Foley	properNoun	spa	Foley	properNoun	ita
Font de Mora y Turón	properNoun	spa	Font de Mora y Turón	properNoun	ita
Forcada	properNoun	spa	Forcada	properNoun	ita
Ford	properNoun	spa	Ford	properNoun	ita
Fort	properNoun	spa	Fort	properNoun	ita
Fox	properNoun	spa	Fox	properNoun	ita
Franco	properNoun	spa	Franco	properNoun	ita
Franklin	properNoun	spa	Franklin	properNoun	ita
Franklin	properNoun	spa	Franklin	properNoun	ita
Frattini	properNoun	spa	Frattini	properNoun	ita
Friedman	properNoun	spa	Friedman	properNoun	ita
Fujimori	properNoun	spa	Fujimori	properNoun	ita
Gabby	properNoun	spa	Gabby	properNoun	ita
Galilei	properNoun	spa	Galilei	properNoun	ita
Gallagher	properNoun	spa	Gallagher	properNoun	ita
Galápagos	properNoun	spa	Galapagos	properNoun	ita
Gandhi	properNoun	spa	Gandhi	properNoun	ita
Garcia	properNoun	spa	Garcia	properNoun	ita
García	properNoun	spa	García	properNoun	ita
García	properNoun	spa	García	properNoun	ita
Gardner	properNoun	spa	Gardner	properNoun	ita
Garnier	properNoun	spa	Garnier	properNoun	ita
Garzon	properNoun	spa	Garzon	properNoun	ita
Gascón	properNoun	spa	Gascón	properNoun	ita
Gates	properNoun	spa	Gates	properNoun	ita
Gaudí	properNoun	spa	Gaudí	properNoun	ita
Gauss	properNoun	spa	Gauss	properNoun	ita
Gautier	properNoun	spa	Gautier	properNoun	ita
Gaza	properNoun	spa	Gaza	properNoun	ita
Gene	properNoun	spa	Gene	properNoun	ita
Geographic	properNoun	spa	Geographic	properNoun	ita
Geronimo	properNoun	spa	Geronimo	properNoun	ita
Ghana	properNoun	spa	Ghana	properNoun	ita
Gibson	properNoun	spa	Gibson	properNoun	ita
Giménez	properNoun	spa	Giménez	properNoun	ita
Gioacchino	properNoun	spa	Gioacchino	properNoun	ita
Giussani	properNoun	spa	Giussani	properNoun	ita
Glass	properNoun	spa	Glass	properNoun	ita
Glenn	properNoun	spa	Glenn	properNoun	ita
Goethe	properNoun	spa	Goethe	properNoun	ita
Goirizelaia	properNoun	spa	Goirizelaia	properNoun	ita
Goliat	properNoun	spa	Goliat	properNoun	ita
Gonzalez	properNoun	spa	Gonzalez	properNoun	ita
González	properNoun	spa	González	properNoun	ita
González	properNoun	spa	González	properNoun	ita
Gorbaciov	properNoun	spa	Gorbaciov	properNoun	ita
Gore	properNoun	spa	Gore	properNoun	ita
Goya	properNoun	spa	Goya	properNoun	ita
Graham	properNoun	spa	Graham	properNoun	ita
Gutiérrez	properNoun	spa	Gutiérrez	properNoun	ita
Gálvez	properNoun	spa	Gálvez	properNoun	ita
Gómez	properNoun	spa	Gómez	properNoun	ita
Halder	properNoun	spa	Halder	properNoun	ita
Hallikmägi	properNoun	spa	Hallikmägi	properNoun	ita
Hallyday	properNoun	spa	Hallyday	properNoun	ita
Halsdorf	properNoun	spa	Halsdorf	properNoun	ita
Hamilton	properNoun	spa	Hamilton	properNoun	ita
Harlem	properNoun	spa	Harlem	properNoun	ita
Harper	properNoun	spa	Harper	properNoun	ita
Harvard	properNoun	spa	Harvard	properNoun	ita
Harvard	properNoun	spa	Harvard	properNoun	ita
Haupert	properNoun	spa	Haupert	properNoun	ita
Hawaii	properNoun	spa	Hawaii	properNoun	ita
Hawking	properNoun	spa	Hawking	properNoun	ita
Hayes	properNoun	spa	Hayes	properNoun	ita
Healy	properNoun	spa	Healy	properNoun	ita
Heisenberg	properNoun	spa	Heisenberg	properNoun	ita
Heras	properNoun	spa	Heras	properNoun	ita
Hernandez	properNoun	spa	Hernandez	properNoun	ita
Hernández	properNoun	spa	Hernández	properNoun	ita
Higgins	properNoun	spa	Higgins	properNoun	ita
Higgs	properNoun	spa	Higgs	properNoun	ita
High Net Worth Individual	properNoun	spa	High Net Worth Individual	properNoun	ita
Hilbert	properNoun	spa	Hilbert	properNoun	ita
Himalaya	properNoun	spa	Himalaya	properNoun	ita
Hirsch	properNoun	spa	Hirsch	properNoun	ita
Hitler	properNoun	spa	Hitler	properNoun	ita
Hogan	properNoun	spa	Hogan	properNoun	ita
Hong	properNoun	spa	Hong	properNoun	ita
Hopkins	properNoun	spa	Hopkins	properNoun	ita
House	properNoun	spa	House	properNoun	ita
Hubble	properNoun	spa	Hubble	properNoun	ita
Hudson	properNoun	spa	Hudson	properNoun	ita
Huegun	properNoun	spa	Huegun	properNoun	ita
Hughes	properNoun	spa	Hughes	properNoun	ita
Hussein	properNoun	spa	Hussein	properNoun	ita
IES	properNoun	spa	IES	properNoun	ita
ISIS	properNoun	spa	ISIS	properNoun	ita
IVA	properNoun	spa	Iva	properNoun	ita
Ibarretxe	properNoun	spa	Ibarretxe	properNoun	ita
Ibáñez	properNoun	spa	Ibáñez	properNoun	ita
Idaho	properNoun	spa	Idaho	properNoun	ita
Imaz	properNoun	spa	Imaz	properNoun	ita
Inmaculada	properNoun	spa	Immacolata	properNoun	ita
Indecon Economic Consultants	properNoun	spa	Indecon Economic Consultants	properNoun	ita
Indo	properNoun	spa	Indo	properNoun	ita
Indurain	properNoun	spa	Indurain	properNoun	ita
Ion	properNoun	spa	Ion	properNoun	ita
Irish Congress of Trade Unions	properNoun	spa	Irish Congress of Trade Unions	properNoun	ita
Irons	properNoun	spa	Irons	properNoun	ita
Ivanov	properNoun	spa	Ivanov	properNoun	ita
Jackson	properNoun	spa	Jackson	properNoun	ita
Jahn	properNoun	spa	Jahn	properNoun	ita
Jara	properNoun	spa	Jara	properNoun	ita
Jean-Claude Trichet	properNoun	spa	Jean-Claude Trichet	properNoun	ita
Jimenez	properNoun	spa	Jimenez	properNoun	ita
Jiménez	properNoun	spa	Jiménez	properNoun	ita
Jobs	properNoun	spa	Jobs	properNoun	ita
Johansson	properNoun	spa	Johansson	properNoun	ita
Johnson	properNoun	spa	Johnson	properNoun	ita
Johnson-Sirleaf	properNoun	spa	Johnson-Sirleaf	properNoun	ita
Johnston	properNoun	spa	Johnston	properNoun	ita
Jones	properNoun	spa	Jones	properNoun	ita
Jordana	properNoun	spa	Jordana	properNoun	ita
Juan I	properNoun	spa	Giovanni I	properNoun	ita
Juan II	properNoun	spa	Giovanni II	properNoun	ita
Juan III	properNoun	spa	Giovanni III	properNoun	ita
Juan IV	properNoun	spa	Giovanni IV	properNoun	ita
Juan IX	properNoun	spa	Giovanni IX	properNoun	ita
Juan Pablo I	properNoun	spa	Giovanni Paolo I	properNoun	ita
Juan Pablo II	properNoun	spa	Giovanni Paolo II	properNoun	ita
Juan V	properNoun	spa	Giovanni V	properNoun	ita
Juan VI	properNoun	spa	Giovanni VI	properNoun	ita
Juan VII	properNoun	spa	Giovanni VII	properNoun	ita
Juan VIII	properNoun	spa	Giovanni VIII	properNoun	ita
Juan X	properNoun	spa	Giovanni X	properNoun	ita
Juan XI	properNoun	spa	Giovanni XI	properNoun	ita
Juan XII	properNoun	spa	Giovanni XII	properNoun	ita
Juan XIII	properNoun	spa	Giovanni XIII	properNoun	ita
Juan XIV	properNoun	spa	Giovanni XIV	properNoun	ita
Juan XIX	properNoun	spa	Giovanni XIX	properNoun	ita
Juan XV	properNoun	spa	Giovanni XV	properNoun	ita
Juan XVI	properNoun	spa	Giovanni XVI	properNoun	ita
Juan XVII	properNoun	spa	Giovanni XVII	properNoun	ita
Juan XVIII	properNoun	spa	Giovanni XVIII	properNoun	ita
Juan XX	properNoun	spa	Giovanni XX	properNoun	ita
Juan XXI	properNoun	spa	Giovanni XXI	properNoun	ita
Juan XXII	properNoun	spa	Giovanni XXII	properNoun	ita
Juan XXIII	properNoun	spa	Giovanni XXIII	properNoun	ita
Juárez	properNoun	spa	Juárez	properNoun	ita
Kaczynski	properNoun	spa	Kaczynski	properNoun	ita
Kallas	properNoun	spa	Kallas	properNoun	ita
Katsaros	properNoun	spa	Katsaros	properNoun	ita
Kavanagh	properNoun	spa	Kavanagh	properNoun	ita
Kazamias	properNoun	spa	Kazamias	properNoun	ita
Keane	properNoun	spa	Keane	properNoun	ita
Kennedy	properNoun	spa	Kennedy	properNoun	ita
Kenny	properNoun	spa	Kenny	properNoun	ita
Kessler	properNoun	spa	Kessler	properNoun	ita
Kidman	properNoun	spa	Kidman	properNoun	ita
King	properNoun	spa	King	properNoun	ita
Klaus Regling	properNoun	spa	Klaus Regling	properNoun	ita
Kosatík	properNoun	spa	Kosatík	properNoun	ita
Kostunica	properNoun	spa	Kostunica	properNoun	ita
Kovács	properNoun	spa	Kovács	properNoun	ita
Kross	properNoun	spa	Kross	properNoun	ita
Kusch	properNoun	spa	Kusch	properNoun	ita
Kyprianou	properNoun	spa	Kyprianou	properNoun	ita
Kõiv	properNoun	spa	Kõiv	properNoun	ita
La Repubblica	properNoun	spa	La Repubblica	properNoun	ita
Lafuente	properNoun	spa	Lafuente	properNoun	ita
Lambert	properNoun	spa	Lambert	properNoun	ita
Lamberti	properNoun	spa	Lamberti	properNoun	ita
Lara	properNoun	spa	Lara	properNoun	ita
Laterza Editore	properNoun	spa	Laterza Editore	properNoun	ita
Lavoisier	properNoun	spa	Lavoisier	properNoun	ita
Lacio	properNoun	spa	Lazio	properNoun	ita
Lacio	properNoun	spa	Lazio	properNoun	ita
Le Pen	properNoun	spa	Le Pen	properNoun	ita
Leblanc	properNoun	spa	Leblanc	properNoun	ita
Leibniz	properNoun	spa	Leibniz	properNoun	ita
Lenin	properNoun	spa	Lenin	properNoun	ita
Lennon	properNoun	spa	Lennon	properNoun	ita
Lepik	properNoun	spa	Lepik	properNoun	ita
León I	properNoun	spa	Leone I	properNoun	ita
León II	properNoun	spa	Leone II	properNoun	ita
León III	properNoun	spa	Leone III	properNoun	ita
León IV	properNoun	spa	Leone IV	properNoun	ita
León IX	properNoun	spa	Leone IX	properNoun	ita
León V	properNoun	spa	Leone V	properNoun	ita
León VI	properNoun	spa	Leone VI	properNoun	ita
León VII	properNoun	spa	Leone VII	properNoun	ita
León VIII	properNoun	spa	Leone VIII	properNoun	ita
León X	properNoun	spa	Leone X	properNoun	ita
León XI	properNoun	spa	Leone XI	properNoun	ita
León XII	properNoun	spa	Leone XII	properNoun	ita
León XIII	properNoun	spa	Leone XIII	properNoun	ita
Liber	properNoun	spa	Liber	properNoun	ita
Liberia	properNoun	spa	Liberia	properNoun	ita
Lieberman	properNoun	spa	Lieberman	properNoun	ita
Lloyd	properNoun	spa	Lloyd	properNoun	ita
Loos	properNoun	spa	Loos	properNoun	ita
Lopez	properNoun	spa	Lopez	properNoun	ita
Lozoya	properNoun	spa	Lozoya	properNoun	ita
Lux	properNoun	spa	Lux	properNoun	ita
Lynch	properNoun	spa	Lynch	properNoun	ita
Lyons	properNoun	spa	Lyons	properNoun	ita
López	properNoun	spa	López	properNoun	ita
López	properNoun	spa	López	properNoun	ita
MacDermott	properNoun	spa	MacDermott	properNoun	ita
MacDonald	properNoun	spa	MacDonald	properNoun	ita
MacGyver	properNoun	spa	MacGyver	properNoun	ita
MacKenna	properNoun	spa	MacKenna	properNoun	ita
MacMahon	properNoun	spa	MacMahon	properNoun	ita
MacNamara	properNoun	spa	MacNamara	properNoun	ita
Madeleine	properNoun	spa	Madeleine	properNoun	ita
Magee	properNoun	spa	Magee	properNoun	ita
Maguire	properNoun	spa	Maguire	properNoun	ita
Maher	properNoun	spa	Maher	properNoun	ita
Mahler	properNoun	spa	Mahler	properNoun	ita
Mandelson	properNoun	spa	Mandelson	properNoun	ita
Maragall	properNoun	spa	Maragall	properNoun	ita
Maragall	properNoun	spa	Maragall	properNoun	ita
March	properNoun	spa	March	properNoun	ita
Marchena	properNoun	spa	Marchena	properNoun	ita
Martinez	properNoun	spa	Martinez	properNoun	ita
Martínez	properNoun	spa	Martínez	properNoun	ita
Martínez	properNoun	spa	Martínez	properNoun	ita
Marx	properNoun	spa	Marx	properNoun	ita
Mayor	properNoun	spa	Mayor	properNoun	ita
McAleese	properNoun	spa	McAleese	properNoun	ita
McCain	properNoun	spa	McCain	properNoun	ita
McCarthy	properNoun	spa	McCarthy	properNoun	ita
McCreedy	properNoun	spa	McCreedy	properNoun	ita
McDonnell	properNoun	spa	McDonnell	properNoun	ita
McGrath	properNoun	spa	McGrath	properNoun	ita
McGregor	properNoun	spa	McGregor	properNoun	ita
McLaren	properNoun	spa	McLaren	properNoun	ita
McLoughlin	properNoun	spa	McLoughlin	properNoun	ita
McShee	properNoun	spa	McShee	properNoun	ita
Mcguiness	properNoun	spa	Mcguiness	properNoun	ita
Menéndez	properNoun	spa	Menéndez	properNoun	ita
Meroi	properNoun	spa	Meroi	properNoun	ita
Michel	properNoun	spa	Michel	properNoun	ita
Michelin	properNoun	spa	Michelin	properNoun	ita
Miller	properNoun	spa	Miller	properNoun	ita
Milosevic	properNoun	spa	Milosevic	properNoun	ita
Milošević	properNoun	spa	Milošević	properNoun	ita
Milà	properNoun	spa	Milà	properNoun	ita
Milá	properNoun	spa	Milá	properNoun	ita
Miranda	properNoun	spa	Miranda	properNoun	ita
Mitterrand	properNoun	spa	Mitterrand	properNoun	ita
MoMA	properNoun	spa	MoMA	properNoun	ita
Molony	properNoun	spa	Molony	properNoun	ita
Molotov	properNoun	spa	Molotov	properNoun	ita
Monet	properNoun	spa	Monet	properNoun	ita
Montesinos	properNoun	spa	Montesinos	properNoun	ita
Moore	properNoun	spa	Moore	properNoun	ita
Moran	properNoun	spa	Moran	properNoun	ita
Moratinos	properNoun	spa	Moratinos	properNoun	ita
Moya	properNoun	spa	Moya	properNoun	ita
Moyá	properNoun	spa	Moyá	properNoun	ita
Mozart	properNoun	spa	Mozart	properNoun	ita
Mullan	properNoun	spa	Mullan	properNoun	ita
Mumbai	properNoun	spa	Mumbai	properNoun	ita
Murillo	properNoun	spa	Murillo	properNoun	ita
Murphy	properNoun	spa	Murphy	properNoun	ita
Murray	properNoun	spa	Murray	properNoun	ita
Mussolini	properNoun	spa	Mussolini	properNoun	ita
Mutsch	properNoun	spa	Mutsch	properNoun	ita
Muñoz	properNoun	spa	Muñoz	properNoun	ita
Méndez	properNoun	spa	Méndez	properNoun	ita
NASA	properNoun	spa	NASA	properNoun	ita
Nairobi	properNoun	spa	Nairobi	properNoun	ita
Navarro	properNoun	spa	Navarro	properNoun	ita
Nejstgaard	properNoun	spa	Nejstgaard	properNoun	ita
Newton	properNoun	spa	Newton	properNoun	ita
Nicholson	properNoun	spa	Nicholson	properNoun	ita
Nobel	properNoun	spa	Nobel	properNoun	ita
O'Brien	properNoun	spa	O'Brien	properNoun	ita
O'Callaghan	properNoun	spa	O'Callaghan	properNoun	ita
O'Carroll	properNoun	spa	O'Carroll	properNoun	ita
O'Connell	properNoun	spa	O'Connell	properNoun	ita
O'Connor	properNoun	spa	O'Connor	properNoun	ita
O'Doherty	properNoun	spa	O'Doherty	properNoun	ita
O'Donnell	properNoun	spa	O'Donnell	properNoun	ita
O'Dwyer	properNoun	spa	O'Dwyer	properNoun	ita
O'Farrell	properNoun	spa	O'Farrell	properNoun	ita
O'Grady	properNoun	spa	O'Grady	properNoun	ita
O'Keeffe	properNoun	spa	O'Keeffe	properNoun	ita
O'Leary	properNoun	spa	O'Leary	properNoun	ita
O'Mahony	properNoun	spa	O'Mahony	properNoun	ita
O'Neill	properNoun	spa	O'Neill	properNoun	ita
O'Regan	properNoun	spa	O'Regan	properNoun	ita
O'Reilly	properNoun	spa	O'Reilly	properNoun	ita
O'Rourke	properNoun	spa	O'Rourke	properNoun	ita
O'Shea	properNoun	spa	O'Shea	properNoun	ita
O'Sullivan	properNoun	spa	O'Sullivan	properNoun	ita
Obama	properNoun	spa	Obama	properNoun	ita
Olano	properNoun	spa	Olano	properNoun	ita
Olivares	properNoun	spa	Olivares	properNoun	ita
Olivier	properNoun	spa	Olivier	properNoun	ita
Oppenheimer	properNoun	spa	Oppenheimer	properNoun	ita
Orozco	properNoun	spa	Orozco	properNoun	ita
Ortiz	properNoun	spa	Ortiz	properNoun	ita
Orël	properNoun	spa	Orël	properNoun	ita
Osvald	properNoun	spa	Osvald	properNoun	ita
Otegi	properNoun	spa	Otegi	properNoun	ita
Otero	properNoun	spa	Otero	properNoun	ita
Paisley	properNoun	spa	Paisley	properNoun	ita
Palin	properNoun	spa	Palin	properNoun	ita
Pallerols	properNoun	spa	Pallerols	properNoun	ita
Pamesa	properNoun	spa	Pamesa	properNoun	ita
Panara	properNoun	spa	Panara	properNoun	ita
Parker	properNoun	spa	Parker	properNoun	ita
Parrish	properNoun	spa	Parrish	properNoun	ita
Pasteur	properNoun	spa	Pasteur	properNoun	ita
Patrick Honohan	properNoun	spa	Patrick Honohan	properNoun	ita
Pauling	properNoun	spa	Pauling	properNoun	ita
Pella	properNoun	spa	Pella	properNoun	ita
Pelosi	properNoun	spa	Pelosi	properNoun	ita
Penn	properNoun	spa	Penn	properNoun	ita
Perez	properNoun	spa	Perez	properNoun	ita
Phelps	properNoun	spa	Phelps	properNoun	ita
Picasso	properNoun	spa	Picasso	properNoun	ita
Pidla	properNoun	spa	Pidla	properNoun	ita
Piebalgs	properNoun	spa	Piebalgs	properNoun	ita
Piketty	properNoun	spa	Piketty	properNoun	ita
Pinochet	properNoun	spa	Pinochet	properNoun	ita
Pizarro	properNoun	spa	Pizarro	properNoun	ita
Planck	properNoun	spa	Planck	properNoun	ita
Posta	properNoun	spa	Posta	properNoun	ita
Potonik	properNoun	spa	Potonik	properNoun	ita
Potter	properNoun	spa	Potter	properNoun	ita
Poveda	properNoun	spa	Poveda	properNoun	ita
Power	properNoun	spa	Power	properNoun	ita
Power	properNoun	spa	Power	properNoun	ita
Procter	properNoun	spa	Procter	properNoun	ita
Proust	properNoun	spa	Proust	properNoun	ita
Pujol	properNoun	spa	Pujol	properNoun	ita
Putin	properNoun	spa	Putin	properNoun	ita
Pérez	properNoun	spa	Pérez	properNoun	ita
Pérez	properNoun	spa	Pérez	properNoun	ita
Pöttering	properNoun	spa	Pöttering	properNoun	ita
Ramirez	properNoun	spa	Ramirez	properNoun	ita
Ramírez	properNoun	spa	Ramírez	properNoun	ita
Ratzinger	properNoun	spa	Ratzinger	properNoun	ita
Raxoi	properNoun	spa	Raxoi	properNoun	ita
Reagan	properNoun	spa	Reagan	properNoun	ita
Reeves	properNoun	spa	Reeves	properNoun	ita
Regling	properNoun	spa	Regling	properNoun	ita
Rehn	properNoun	spa	Rehn	properNoun	ita
Richardson	properNoun	spa	Richardson	properNoun	ita
Riggs	properNoun	spa	Riggs	properNoun	ita
Riquelme	properNoun	spa	Riquelme	properNoun	ita
Roberts	properNoun	spa	Roberts	properNoun	ita
Robinson	properNoun	spa	Robinson	properNoun	ita
Rochefort	properNoun	spa	Rochefort	properNoun	ita
Roderico	properNoun	spa	Roderico	properNoun	ita
Rodrigo	properNoun	spa	Rodrigo	properNoun	ita
Rodríguez	properNoun	spa	Rodríguez	properNoun	ita
Rodríguez	properNoun	spa	Rodríguez	properNoun	ita
Roldán	properNoun	spa	Roldán	properNoun	ita
Roosevelt	properNoun	spa	Roosevelt	properNoun	ita
Rosaria Amato	properNoun	spa	Rosaria Amato	properNoun	ita
Rosell	properNoun	spa	Rosell	properNoun	ita
Rossell	properNoun	spa	Rossell	properNoun	ita
Rourke	properNoun	spa	Rourke	properNoun	ita
Rubalcaba	properNoun	spa	Rubalcaba	properNoun	ita
Ruiz	properNoun	spa	Ruiz	properNoun	ita
Rumsfeld	properNoun	spa	Rumsfeld	properNoun	ita
Russel	properNoun	spa	Russel	properNoun	ita
San	properNoun	spa	San	properNoun	ita
Sanchez	properNoun	spa	Sanchez	properNoun	ita
Santarella	properNoun	spa	Santarella	properNoun	ita
Sarkozy	properNoun	spa	Sarkozy	properNoun	ita
Scarponi	properNoun	spa	Scarponi	properNoun	ita
Schmidt	properNoun	spa	Schmidt	properNoun	ita
Schmitz	properNoun	spa	Schmitz	properNoun	ita
Schneider	properNoun	spa	Schneider	properNoun	ita
Schnider	properNoun	spa	Schnider	properNoun	ita
Schnyder	properNoun	spa	Schnyder	properNoun	ita
Schröder	properNoun	spa	Schröder	properNoun	ita
Schrödinger	properNoun	spa	Schrödinger	properNoun	ita
Schultz	properNoun	spa	Schultz	properNoun	ita
Schumacher	properNoun	spa	Schumacher	properNoun	ita
Schumann	properNoun	spa	Schumann	properNoun	ita
Schweitzer	properNoun	spa	Schweitzer	properNoun	ita
Scorsese	properNoun	spa	Scorsese	properNoun	ita
Serrat	properNoun	spa	Serrat	properNoun	ita
Seul	properNoun	spa	Seoul	properNoun	ita
Shakespeare	properNoun	spa	Shakespeare	properNoun	ita
Sheehan	properNoun	spa	Sheehan	properNoun	ita
Shore	properNoun	spa	Shore	properNoun	ita
Simpson	properNoun	spa	Simpson	properNoun	ita
Slater	properNoun	spa	Slater	properNoun	ita
Slavík	properNoun	spa	Slavík	properNoun	ita
Smith	properNoun	spa	Smith	properNoun	ita
Smithies	properNoun	spa	Smithies	properNoun	ita
Snow	properNoun	spa	Snow	properNoun	ita
Soderbergh	properNoun	spa	Soderbergh	properNoun	ita
Sotomayor	properNoun	spa	Sotomayor	properNoun	ita
Spears	properNoun	spa	Spears	properNoun	ita
Springsteen	properNoun	spa	Springsteen	properNoun	ita
Stalin	properNoun	spa	Stalin	properNoun	ita
Stallone	properNoun	spa	Stallone	properNoun	ita
Steinmeier	properNoun	spa	Steinmeier	properNoun	ita
Stern	properNoun	spa	Stern	properNoun	ita
Stewart	properNoun	spa	Stewart	properNoun	ita
Strauss	properNoun	spa	Strauss	properNoun	ita
Streep	properNoun	spa	Streep	properNoun	ita
Suarez	properNoun	spa	Suarez	properNoun	ita
Superman	properNoun	spa	Superman	properNoun	ita
Sutherland	properNoun	spa	Sutherland	properNoun	ita
Suárez	properNoun	spa	Suárez	properNoun	ita
Sweeney	properNoun	spa	Sweeney	properNoun	ita
Sáez	properNoun	spa	Sáez	properNoun	ita
Sánchez	properNoun	spa	Sánchez	properNoun	ita
TAU	properNoun	spa	TAU	properNoun	ita
TV	properNoun	spa	TV	properNoun	ita
Tarantino	properNoun	spa	Tarantino	properNoun	ita
Tatarella	properNoun	spa	Tatarella	properNoun	ita
Tejero	properNoun	spa	Tejero	properNoun	ita
Thatcher	properNoun	spa	Thatcher	properNoun	ita
Thompson	properNoun	spa	Thompson	properNoun	ita
Tito	properNoun	spa	Tito	properNoun	ita
Toft	properNoun	spa	Toft	properNoun	ita
Torres	properNoun	spa	Torres	properNoun	ita
Truman	properNoun	spa	Truman	properNoun	ita
Turing	properNoun	spa	Turing	properNoun	ita
Tymoshenko	properNoun	spa	Tymoshenko	properNoun	ita
Tíbet	properNoun	spa	Tibet	properNoun	ita
Ugalde	properNoun	spa	Ugalde	properNoun	ita
Unicaja	properNoun	spa	BBVA	properNoun	ita
Urkullu	properNoun	spa	Urkullu	properNoun	ita
Valdés	properNoun	spa	Valdés	properNoun	ita
Valero	properNoun	spa	Valero	properNoun	ita
Van Gogh	properNoun	spa	Van Gogh	properNoun	ita
Vandeputte	properNoun	spa	Vandeputte	properNoun	ita
Vargas	properNoun	spa	Vargas	properNoun	ita
Vasallo	properNoun	spa	Vasallo	properNoun	ita
Velázquez	properNoun	spa	Velázquez	properNoun	ita
Ventre	properNoun	spa	Ventre	properNoun	ita
Vergara	properNoun	spa	Vergara	properNoun	ita
Verheugen	properNoun	spa	Verheugen	properNoun	ita
Villafranca del Cid	properNoun	spa	Villafranca del Cid	properNoun	ita
Vlad el Empalador	properNoun	spa	Vlad l'Impalatore	properNoun	ita
Vlasák	properNoun	spa	Vlasák	properNoun	ita
Vogels	properNoun	spa	Vogels	properNoun	ita
Voltaire	properNoun	spa	Voltaire	properNoun	ita
Von Beust	properNoun	spa	Von Beust	properNoun	ita
Vuitton	properNoun	spa	Vuitton	properNoun	ita
Walsh	properNoun	spa	Walsh	properNoun	ita
Ward	properNoun	spa	Ward	properNoun	ita
Warhol	properNoun	spa	Warhol	properNoun	ita
Whelan	properNoun	spa	Whelan	properNoun	ita
White	properNoun	spa	White	properNoun	ita
Wilde	properNoun	spa	Wilde	properNoun	ita
Woodworth	properNoun	spa	Woodworth	properNoun	ita
Wright	properNoun	spa	Wright	properNoun	ita
Yanukovych	properNoun	spa	Yanukovych	properNoun	ita
Yeltsin	properNoun	spa	Yeltsin	properNoun	ita
Yemen	properNoun	spa	Yemen	properNoun	ita
Young	properNoun	spa	Young	properNoun	ita
Yushchenko	properNoun	spa	Yushchenko	properNoun	ita
Zabaleta	properNoun	spa	Zabaleta	properNoun	ita
Zapatero	properNoun	spa	Zapatero	properNoun	ita
Zidane	properNoun	spa	Zidane	properNoun	ita
Zurbarán	properNoun	spa	Zurbarán	properNoun	ita
al-Maliki	properNoun	spa	al-Maliki	properNoun	ita
al-Zawahiri	properNoun	spa	al-Zawahiri	properNoun	ita
von Neumann	properNoun	spa	von Neumann	properNoun	ita
África subsahariana	properNoun	spa	Africa subsahariana	properNoun	ita
Ángel	properNoun	spa	Angel	properNoun	ita
Ángeles	properNoun	spa	Angeles	properNoun	ita
Ártico	properNoun	spa	Artico	properNoun	ita
Úlehla	properNoun	spa	Úlehla	properNoun	ita
Abel	properNoun	spa	Abel	properNoun	ita
Abraham	properNoun	spa	Abramo	properNoun	ita
Aquiles	properNoun	spa	Achille	properNoun	ita
Adam	properNoun	spa	Adam	properNoun	ita
Adán	properNoun	spa	Adán	properNoun	ita
Adela	properNoun	spa	Adela	properNoun	ita
Afganistán	properNoun	spa	Afganistan	properNoun	ita
África	properNoun	spa	Africa	properNoun	ita
Agnese	properNoun	spa	Agnese	properNoun	ita
Agostino	properNoun	spa	Agostino	properNoun	ita
Agustín	properNoun	spa	Agustín	properNoun	ita
Alabama	properNoun	spa	Alabama	properNoun	ita
Alan	properNoun	spa	Alan	properNoun	ita
Alaska	properNoun	spa	Alaska	properNoun	ita
Álava	properNoun	spa	Álava	properNoun	ita
Albacete	properNoun	spa	Albacete	properNoun	ita
Albania	properNoun	spa	Albania	properNoun	ita
Albatera	properNoun	spa	Albatera	properNoun	ita
Albert	properNoun	spa	Albert	properNoun	ita
Alberto	properNoun	spa	Alberto	properNoun	ita
Alcalá	properNoun	spa	Alcalá	properNoun	ita
Alcañiz	properNoun	spa	Alcañiz	properNoun	ita
Alcàsser	properNoun	spa	Alcàsser	properNoun	ita
Alcoi	properNoun	spa	Alcoi	properNoun	ita
Alcoy	properNoun	spa	Alcoy	properNoun	ita
Aldaia	properNoun	spa	Aldaia	properNoun	ita
Alejandro	properNoun	spa	Alejandro	properNoun	ita
Alejandría	properNoun	spa	Alessandria	properNoun	ita
Alessandro	properNoun	spa	Alessandro	properNoun	ita
Alexander	properNoun	spa	Alexander	properNoun	ita
Alex	properNoun	spa	Alex	properNoun	ita
Alfonso	properNoun	spa	Alfonso	properNoun	ita
Alicante	properNoun	spa	Alicante	properNoun	ita
San Vito lo Capo	properNoun	spa	San Vito lo Capo	properNoun	ita
Argelia	properNoun	spa	Algeria	properNoun	ita
Alice	properNoun	spa	Alice	properNoun	ita
Alá	properNoun	spa	Allah	properNoun	ita
Allen	properNoun	spa	Allen	properNoun	ita
Almansa	properNoun	spa	Almansa	properNoun	ita
Almería	properNoun	spa	Almería	properNoun	ita
Almunia Amann	properNoun	spa	Almunia Amann	properNoun	ita
Altea	properNoun	spa	Altea	properNoun	ita
Álvarez	properNoun	spa	Álvarez	properNoun	ita
Álvaro	properNoun	spa	Álvaro	properNoun	ita
Amanda	properNoun	spa	Amanda	properNoun	ita
Ámsterdam	properNoun	spa	America	properNoun	ita
América	properNoun	spa	Amsterdam	properNoun	ita
Amatrice	properNoun	spa	Amatrice	properNoun	ita
Aquila	properNoun	spa	Aquila	properNoun	ita
Ana	properNoun	spa	Ana	properNoun	ita
Andalucía	properNoun	spa	Andalusia	properNoun	ita
Andorra	properNoun	spa	Andorra	properNoun	ita
Andrea	properNoun	spa	Andrea	properNoun	ita
Andrea	properNoun	spa	Andrea	properNoun	ita
Andrew	properNoun	spa	Andrés	properNoun	ita
Andrés	properNoun	spa	Andrew	properNoun	ita
Andy	properNoun	spa	Andy	properNoun	ita
Ángela	properNoun	spa	Ángela	properNoun	ita
Anna	properNoun	spa	Anna	properNoun	ita
Anoia	properNoun	spa	Anoia	properNoun	ita
Antártida	properNoun	spa	Antartide	properNoun	ita
Antonio	properNoun	spa	Antonio	properNoun	ita
Apolo	properNoun	spa	Apollo	properNoun	ita
Arabia	properNoun	spa	Arabia	properNoun	ita
Aragón	properNoun	spa	Aragona	properNoun	ita
Arquímedes	properNoun	spa	Archimede	properNoun	ita
Arduino	properNoun	spa	Arduino	properNoun	ita
Ariadna	properNoun	spa	Ariadna	properNoun	ita
Ariel	properNoun	spa	Ariel	properNoun	ita
Aristóteles	properNoun	spa	Aristotele	properNoun	ita
Arizona	properNoun	spa	Arizona	properNoun	ita
Arthur	properNoun	spa	Arthur	properNoun	ita
Arturo	properNoun	spa	Arturo	properNoun	ita
Asensio	properNoun	spa	Asensio	properNoun	ita
Asia	properNoun	spa	Asia	properNoun	ita
Asturias	properNoun	spa	Asturie	properNoun	ita
Atenas	properNoun	spa	Atene	properNoun	ita
Atlanta	properNoun	spa	Atlanta	properNoun	ita
Atocha	properNoun	spa	Atocha	properNoun	ita
Aurelio	properNoun	spa	Aurelio	properNoun	ita
Aurora	properNoun	spa	Aurora	properNoun	ita
Australia	properNoun	spa	Australia	properNoun	ita
Austria	properNoun	spa	Austria	properNoun	ita
Ávila	properNoun	spa	Ávila	properNoun	ita
Avilés	properNoun	spa	Avilés	properNoun	ita
Badajoz	properNoun	spa	Badajoz	properNoun	ita
Badalona	properNoun	spa	Badalona	properNoun	ita
Bagdad	properNoun	spa	Baghdad	properNoun	ita
Bages	properNoun	spa	Bages	properNoun	ita
Bahrein	properNoun	spa	Bahrain	properNoun	ita
Bailén	properNoun	spa	Bailén	properNoun	ita
Baleares	properNoun	spa	Baleari	properNoun	ita
Bangkok	properNoun	spa	Bangkok	properNoun	ita
Bangladesh	properNoun	spa	Bangladesh	properNoun	ita
Barack	properNoun	spa	Barack	properNoun	ita
Barça	properNoun	spa	Barça	properNoun	ita
Podemos	properNoun	spa	Podemos	properNoun	ita
Ciudadanos	properNoun	spa	Ciudadanos	properNoun	ita
Barcelona	properNoun	spa	Barcellona	properNoun	ita
Barcelonès	properNoun	spa	Barcelonès	properNoun	ita
Barreda Fontes	properNoun	spa	Barreda Fontes	properNoun	ita
Barry	properNoun	spa	Barry	properNoun	ita
Bartolomeo	properNoun	spa	Bartolomeo	properNoun	ita
Bartolomé	properNoun	spa	Bartolomé	properNoun	ita
Basora	properNoun	spa	Bàssora	properNoun	ita
Batasuna	properNoun	spa	Batasuna	properNoun	ita
Bayona	properNoun	spa	Bayonne	properNoun	ita
Bea	properNoun	spa	Bea	properNoun	ita
Beatrice	properNoun	spa	Beatrice	properNoun	ita
Beatriz	properNoun	spa	Beatriz	properNoun	ita
Beirut	properNoun	spa	Beirut	properNoun	ita
Bélgica	properNoun	spa	Belgio	properNoun	ita
Belmonte	properNoun	spa	Belmonte	properNoun	ita
Belén	properNoun	spa	Belén	properNoun	ita
Benidorm	properNoun	spa	Benidorm	properNoun	ita
Benjamin	properNoun	spa	Benjamin	properNoun	ita
Ben	properNoun	spa	Ben	properNoun	ita
Berlín	properNoun	spa	Berlino	properNoun	ita
Bernabéu	properNoun	spa	Bernabéu	properNoun	ita
Berna	properNoun	spa	Berna	properNoun	ita
Besòs	properNoun	spa	Besòs	properNoun	ita
Bétera	properNoun	spa	Bétera	properNoun	ita
Bután	properNoun	spa	Bhutan	properNoun	ita
Biel	properNoun	spa	Biel	properNoun	ita
Bill	properNoun	spa	Bill	properNoun	ita
Billy	properNoun	spa	Billy	properNoun	ita
Bloomberg	properNoun	spa	Bloomberg	properNoun	ita
Bob	properNoun	spa	Bob	properNoun	ita
Bolivia	properNoun	spa	Bolivia	properNoun	ita
Bolonia	properNoun	spa	Bologna	properNoun	ita
Bombay	properNoun	spa	Bombay	properNoun	ita
Borja	properNoun	spa	Borja	properNoun	ita
Bosnia	properNoun	spa	Bosnia	properNoun	ita
Boston	properNoun	spa	Boston	properNoun	ita
Braganza	properNoun	spa	Bragança	properNoun	ita
Brasil	properNoun	spa	Brasile	properNoun	ita
Bratislava	properNoun	spa	Bratislava	properNoun	ita
Bretaña	properNoun	spa	Bretagna	properNoun	ita
Gran Bretaña	properNoun	spa	Gran Bretagna	properNoun	ita
Brian	properNoun	spa	Brian	properNoun	ita
Bruce	properNoun	spa	Bruce	properNoun	ita
Bruno	properNoun	spa	Bruno	properNoun	ita
Bruselas	properNoun	spa	Bruxelles	properNoun	ita
Bucarest	properNoun	spa	Bucarest	properNoun	ita
Buda	properNoun	spa	Buddha	properNoun	ita
Buenafuente	properNoun	spa	Buenafuente	properNoun	ita
Bugs	properNoun	spa	Bugs	properNoun	ita
Bulgaria	properNoun	spa	Bulgaria	properNoun	ita
Burgos	properNoun	spa	Burgos	properNoun	ita
Burjassot	properNoun	spa	Burjassot	properNoun	ita
Cabrera	properNoun	spa	Cabrera	properNoun	ita
Cadaqués	properNoun	spa	Cadaqués	properNoun	ita
Cádiz	properNoun	spa	Cadice	properNoun	ita
Calafell	properNoun	spa	Calafell	properNoun	ita
Calatayud	properNoun	spa	Calatayud	properNoun	ita
Calderón	properNoun	spa	Calderón	properNoun	ita
California	properNoun	spa	California	properNoun	ita
Calonge	properNoun	spa	Calonge	properNoun	ita
Calpe	properNoun	spa	Calpe	properNoun	ita
Camboya	properNoun	spa	Cambogia	properNoun	ita
Cambridge	properNoun	spa	Cambridge	properNoun	ita
Camerún	properNoun	spa	Camerun	properNoun	ita
Canadá	properNoun	spa	Canada	properNoun	ita
Canals	properNoun	spa	Canals	properNoun	ita
Canarias	properNoun	spa	Canarie	properNoun	ita
Canfranc	properNoun	spa	Canfranc	properNoun	ita
Cantabria	properNoun	spa	Cantabria	properNoun	ita
Caracas	properNoun	spa	Caracas	properNoun	ita
Carl	properNoun	spa	Carl	properNoun	ita
Carlos	properNoun	spa	Carlo	properNoun	ita
Carmen	properNoun	spa	Carmen	properNoun	ita
Carme	properNoun	spa	Carme	properNoun	ita
Carolina	properNoun	spa	Carolina	properNoun	ita
Carrefour	properNoun	spa	Carrefour	properNoun	ita
Cartagena	properNoun	spa	Cartagena	properNoun	ita
Casinos	properNoun	spa	Casinos	properNoun	ita
Caspe	properNoun	spa	Caspe	properNoun	ita
Castelldefels	properNoun	spa	Castelldefels	properNoun	ita
Castell	properNoun	spa	Castell	properNoun	ita
Castelló	properNoun	spa	Castelló	properNoun	ita
Castilla	properNoun	spa	Castiglia	properNoun	ita
Catalina	properNoun	spa	Catalina	properNoun	ita
Cataluña	properNoun	spa	Catalogna	properNoun	ita
Caterina	properNoun	spa	Caterina	properNoun	ita
Catherine	properNoun	spa	Catherine	properNoun	ita
Cazorla	properNoun	spa	Cazorla	properNoun	ita
Cervera	properNoun	spa	Cervera	properNoun	ita
César	properNoun	spa	César	properNoun	ita
Ceuta	properNoun	spa	Ceuta	properNoun	ita
Chad	properNoun	spa	Chad	properNoun	ita
Charles	properNoun	spa	Charles	properNoun	ita
Charlie	properNoun	spa	Charlie	properNoun	ita
Cheste	properNoun	spa	Cheste	properNoun	ita
Chicago	properNoun	spa	Chicago	properNoun	ita
Chile	properNoun	spa	Cile	properNoun	ita
China	properNoun	spa	Cina	properNoun	ita
Chipre	properNoun	spa	Cipro	properNoun	ita
Chris	properNoun	spa	Chris	properNoun	ita
Chuck	properNoun	spa	Chuck	properNoun	ita
Chueca	properNoun	spa	Chueca	properNoun	ita
Cisjordania	properNoun	spa	Cisgiordania	properNoun	ita
Claudio	properNoun	spa	Claudio	properNoun	ita
Cofrentes	properNoun	spa	Cofrentes	properNoun	ita
Colmenar	properNoun	spa	Colmenar	properNoun	ita
Colombia	properNoun	spa	Colombia	properNoun	ita
Congo	properNoun	spa	Congo	properNoun	ita
Connecticut	properNoun	spa	Connecticut	properNoun	ita
Consell	properNoun	spa	Consell	properNoun	ita
Copenhague	properNoun	spa	Copenaghen	properNoun	ita
Corea	properNoun	spa	Corea	properNoun	ita
Coria	properNoun	spa	Coria	properNoun	ita
Cornellà	properNoun	spa	Cornellà	properNoun	ita
Corán	properNoun	spa	Corano	properNoun	ita
Costa de Marfil	properNoun	spa	Costa d'Avorio	properNoun	ita
Cristina	properNoun	spa	Cristina	properNoun	ita
Cristo	properNoun	spa	Cristo	properNoun	ita
Croacia	properNoun	spa	Croazia	properNoun	ita
Cuba	properNoun	spa	Cuba	properNoun	ita
Cupido	properNoun	spa	Cupido	properNoun	ita
Dacia	properNoun	spa	Dacia	properNoun	ita
Dakar	properNoun	spa	Dakar	properNoun	ita
Dallas	properNoun	spa	Dallas	properNoun	ita
Damasco	properNoun	spa	Damasco	properNoun	ita
Daniele	properNoun	spa	Daniele	properNoun	ita
Daniel	properNoun	spa	Daniel	properNoun	ita
Darío	properNoun	spa	Darío	properNoun	ita
David	properNoun	spa	David	properNoun	ita
Davide	properNoun	spa	Davide	properNoun	ita
Detroit	properNoun	spa	Detroit	properNoun	ita
Diagonal	properNoun	spa	Diagonale	properNoun	ita
Diego	properNoun	spa	Diego	properNoun	ita
Dinamarca	properNoun	spa	Danimarca	properNoun	ita
Dolly	properNoun	spa	Dolly	properNoun	ita
Dublín	properNoun	spa	Dublino	properNoun	ita
Dénia	properNoun	spa	Dénia	properNoun	ita
Ebro	properNoun	spa	Ebro	properNoun	ita
Ecuador	properNoun	spa	Ecuador	properNoun	ita
Edimburgo	properNoun	spa	Edimburgo	properNoun	ita
Eduardo	properNoun	spa	Eduardo	properNoun	ita
Edward	properNoun	spa	Edward	properNoun	ita
Egipto	properNoun	spa	Egitto	properNoun	ita
Eileen	properNoun	spa	Eileen	properNoun	ita
Elche	properNoun	spa	Elche	properNoun	ita
Elda	properNoun	spa	Elda	properNoun	ita
Elena	properNoun	spa	Elena	properNoun	ita
Elia	properNoun	spa	Elia	properNoun	ita
Elías	properNoun	spa	Elías	properNoun	ita
Elisa	properNoun	spa	Elisa	properNoun	ita
Eliseo	properNoun	spa	Eliseo	properNoun	ita
Elizabeth	properNoun	spa	Elizabeth	properNoun	ita
Elx	properNoun	spa	Elx	properNoun	ita
Emilia	properNoun	spa	Emilia	properNoun	ita
Emiliano	properNoun	spa	Emiliano	properNoun	ita
Emilio	properNoun	spa	Emilio	properNoun	ita
Emily	properNoun	spa	Emily	properNoun	ita
Emma	properNoun	spa	Emma	properNoun	ita
Enrico	properNoun	spa	Enrico	properNoun	ita
Enrique	properNoun	spa	Enrique	properNoun	ita
Eric	properNoun	spa	Eric	properNoun	ita
Ernesto	properNoun	spa	Ernesto	properNoun	ita
Esmeralda	properNoun	spa	Esmeralda	properNoun	ita
Estonia	properNoun	spa	Estonia	properNoun	ita
Extremadura	properNoun	spa	Estremadura	properNoun	ita
Etiopía	properNoun	spa	Etiopia	properNoun	ita
Ettore	properNoun	spa	Ettore	properNoun	ita
Euroliga	properNoun	spa	Euroliga	properNoun	ita
Europa	properNoun	spa	Europa	properNoun	ita
Eusebio	properNoun	spa	Eusebio	properNoun	ita
Euskadi	properNoun	spa	Euskadi	properNoun	ita
Eva	properNoun	spa	Eva	properNoun	ita
Facebook	properNoun	spa	Facebook	properNoun	ita
Fco	properNoun	spa	Fco	properNoun	ita
Federico	properNoun	spa	Federico	properNoun	ita
Felipe	properNoun	spa	Felipe	properNoun	ita
Félix	properNoun	spa	Félix	properNoun	ita
Ferdinando	properNoun	spa	Ferdinando	properNoun	ita
Fernández	properNoun	spa	Fernández	properNoun	ita
Fernando	properNoun	spa	Fernando	properNoun	ita
Ferrari	properNoun	spa	Ferrari	properNoun	ita
Fidel	properNoun	spa	Fidel	properNoun	ita
Figueres	properNoun	spa	Figueres	properNoun	ita
Filipinas	properNoun	spa	Filippine	properNoun	ita
Filippo	properNoun	spa	Filippo	properNoun	ita
Finlandia	properNoun	spa	Finlandia	properNoun	ita
Florida	properNoun	spa	Florida	properNoun	ita
Fran	properNoun	spa	Fran	properNoun	ita
Francesco	properNoun	spa	Francesco	properNoun	ita
Francia	properNoun	spa	Francia	properNoun	ita
Francis	properNoun	spa	Francis	properNoun	ita
Francisca	properNoun	spa	Francisca	properNoun	ita
Francisco	properNoun	spa	Francisco	properNoun	ita
Frank	properNoun	spa	Frank	properNoun	ita
Frankfurt	properNoun	spa	Francoforte	properNoun	ita
Gabriele	properNoun	spa	Gabriele	properNoun	ita
Gabriel	properNoun	spa	Gabriel	properNoun	ita
Galileo	properNoun	spa	Galileo	properNoun	ita
Galicia	properNoun	spa	Galizia	properNoun	ita
Gales	properNoun	spa	Galles	properNoun	ita
Gandia	properNoun	spa	Gandia	properNoun	ita
Garfield	properNoun	spa	Garfield	properNoun	ita
Garrett	properNoun	spa	Garrett	properNoun	ita
Garrotxa	properNoun	spa	Garrotxa	properNoun	ita
Garzón	properNoun	spa	Garzón	properNoun	ita
Gavà	properNoun	spa	Gavà	properNoun	ita
Generalitat	properNoun	spa	Generalitat	properNoun	ita
George	properNoun	spa	George	properNoun	ita
Georgia	properNoun	spa	Georgia	properNoun	ita
Gerard	properNoun	spa	Gerard	properNoun	ita
Gerardo	properNoun	spa	Gerardo	properNoun	ita
Alemania	properNoun	spa	Germania	properNoun	ita
Jerusalén	properNoun	spa	Gerusalemme	properNoun	ita
Jesús	properNoun	spa	Gesù	properNoun	ita
Getafe	properNoun	spa	Getafe	properNoun	ita
Giacinto	properNoun	spa	Giacinto	properNoun	ita
Giacomo	properNoun	spa	Giacomo	properNoun	ita
Jamaica	properNoun	spa	Giamaica	properNoun	ita
Japón	properNoun	spa	Giappone	properNoun	ita
Gibraltar	properNoun	spa	Gibilterra	properNoun	ita
Gijón	properNoun	spa	Gijón	properNoun	ita
Gil	properNoun	spa	Gil	properNoun	ita
Jordania	properNoun	spa	Giordania	properNoun	ita
Giorgio	properNoun	spa	Giorgio	properNoun	ita
Giovanni	properNoun	spa	Giovanni	properNoun	ita
Girona	properNoun	spa	Girona	properNoun	ita
Godella	properNoun	spa	Godella	properNoun	ita
Gonzalo	properNoun	spa	Gonzalo	properNoun	ita
Google	properNoun	spa	Google	properNoun	ita
Gordon	properNoun	spa	Gordon	properNoun	ita
Grace	properNoun	spa	Grace	properNoun	ita
Granollers	properNoun	spa	Granollers	properNoun	ita
Grecia	properNoun	spa	Grecia	properNoun	ita
Greenpeace	properNoun	spa	Greenpeace	properNoun	ita
Groenlandia	properNoun	spa	Groenlandia	properNoun	ita
Guadalajara	properNoun	spa	Guadalajara	properNoun	ita
Guadalupe	properNoun	spa	Guadalupe	properNoun	ita
Guatemala	properNoun	spa	Guatemala	properNoun	ita
Guillena	properNoun	spa	Guillena	properNoun	ita
Guillermo	properNoun	spa	Guillermo	properNoun	ita
Guinea	properNoun	spa	Guinea	properNoun	ita
Guipúzcoa	properNoun	spa	Guipúzcoa	properNoun	ita
Génova	properNoun	spa	Genova	properNoun	ita
Haití	properNoun	spa	Haiti	properNoun	ita
Hans	properNoun	spa	Hans	properNoun	ita
Haro	properNoun	spa	Haro	properNoun	ita
Harry	properNoun	spa	Harry	properNoun	ita
Hebrón	properNoun	spa	Hebron	properNoun	ita
Héctor	properNoun	spa	Héctor	properNoun	ita
Heidi	properNoun	spa	Heidi	properNoun	ita
Helsinki	properNoun	spa	Helsinki	properNoun	ita
Henry	properNoun	spa	Henry	properNoun	ita
Hernán	properNoun	spa	Hernán	properNoun	ita
Herrera	properNoun	spa	Herrera	properNoun	ita
Herrero	properNoun	spa	Herrero	properNoun	ita
Hervás	properNoun	spa	Hervás	properNoun	ita
Hidalgo	properNoun	spa	Hidalgo	properNoun	ita
Hiroshima	properNoun	spa	Hiroshima	properNoun	ita
Hollywood	properNoun	spa	Hollywood	properNoun	ita
Honduras	properNoun	spa	Honduras	properNoun	ita
Houston	properNoun	spa	Houston	properNoun	ita
Howard	properNoun	spa	Howard	properNoun	ita
Huelva	properNoun	spa	Huelva	properNoun	ita
Huesca	properNoun	spa	Huesca	properNoun	ita
Hugo	properNoun	spa	Hugo	properNoun	ita
Ibiza	properNoun	spa	Ibiza	properNoun	ita
Ignacio	properNoun	spa	Ignacio	properNoun	ita
Ignazio	properNoun	spa	Ignazio	properNoun	ita
Indiana	properNoun	spa	Indiana	properNoun	ita
Indiana	properNoun	spa	Indiana	properNoun	ita
Indonesia	properNoun	spa	Indonesia	properNoun	ita
Inés	properNoun	spa	Inés	properNoun	ita
Inglaterra	properNoun	spa	Inghilterra	properNoun	ita
Iniesta	properNoun	spa	Iniesta	properNoun	ita
Inmaculada	properNoun	spa	Inmaculada	properNoun	ita
Irán	properNoun	spa	Iran	properNoun	ita
Irak	properNoun	spa	Iraq	properNoun	ita
Irene	properNoun	spa	Irene	properNoun	ita
Iris	properNoun	spa	Iris	properNoun	ita
Irlanda del Norte	properNoun	spa	Irlanda del Nord	properNoun	ita
Irlanda	properNoun	spa	Irlanda	properNoun	ita
Irún	properNoun	spa	Irun	properNoun	ita
Isabella	properNoun	spa	Isabella	properNoun	ita
Isabel	properNoun	spa	Isabel	properNoun	ita
Islandia	properNoun	spa	Islanda	properNoun	ita
Isla Norte	properNoun	spa	Isola del Nord	properNoun	ita
Isla de Pascua	properNoun	spa	Isola di Pasqua del Nord	properNoun	ita
Islas Aleutianas	properNoun	spa	Isole Aleutine	properNoun	ita
Islas Cook	properNoun	spa	Isole Cook	properNoun	ita
Islas Jónicas	properNoun	spa	Isole Ionie	properNoun	ita
Islas Malvinas	properNoun	spa	Isole Falkland	properNoun	ita
Islas Marianas	properNoun	spa	Isole Marianne	properNoun	ita
Islas Marquesas	properNoun	spa	Isole Marchesi	properNoun	ita
Islas Marshall	properNoun	spa	Isole Marshall	properNoun	ita
Islas Vírgenes Británicas	properNoun	spa	Isole Vergini britanniche	properNoun	ita
Islas de Nueva Siberia	properNoun	spa	Isole della Nuova Siberia	properNoun	ita
Islas del Canal	properNoun	spa	Isole del Canale	properNoun	ita
Israel	properNoun	spa	Israele	properNoun	ita
Italia	properNoun	spa	Italia	properNoun	ita
Estambul	properNoun	spa	Istanbul	properNoun	ita
IU	properNoun	spa	IU	properNoun	ita
Jaca	properNoun	spa	Jaca	properNoun	ita
Jacinto	properNoun	spa	Jacinto	properNoun	ita
Jack	properNoun	spa	Jack	properNoun	ita
Jacobo	properNoun	spa	Jacobo	properNoun	ita
Jaime	properNoun	spa	Jaime	properNoun	ita
Jalón	properNoun	spa	Jalón	properNoun	ita
James	properNoun	spa	James	properNoun	ita
Jaén	properNoun	spa	Jaén	properNoun	ita
Jarque	properNoun	spa	Jarque	properNoun	ita
Jávea	properNoun	spa	Jávea	properNoun	ita
Javier	properNoun	spa	Javier	properNoun	ita
Jean	properNoun	spa	Jean	properNoun	ita
Jerez	properNoun	spa	Jerez	properNoun	ita
Jerónimo	properNoun	spa	Jerónimo	properNoun	ita
Joan	properNoun	spa	Joan	properNoun	ita
Joaquín	properNoun	spa	Joaquín	properNoun	ita
John	properNoun	spa	John	properNoun	ita
Jordi	properNoun	spa	Jordi	properNoun	ita
Jorge	properNoun	spa	Jorge	properNoun	ita
José	properNoun	spa	José	properNoun	ita
Juan	properNoun	spa	Juan	properNoun	ita
Kenia	properNoun	spa	Kenya	properNoun	ita
Kenya	properNoun	spa	Kenya	properNoun	ita
Kiev	properNoun	spa	Kiev	properNoun	ita
Kosovo	properNoun	spa	Kosovo	properNoun	ita
Lanzarote	properNoun	spa	Lanzarote	properNoun	ita
Laura	properNoun	spa	Laura	properNoun	ita
Lenihan	properNoun	spa	Lenihan	properNoun	ita
Leonardo	properNoun	spa	Leonardo	properNoun	ita
Letonia	properNoun	spa	Lettonia	properNoun	ita
Líbano	properNoun	spa	Libano	properNoun	ita
Libia	properNoun	spa	Libia	properNoun	ita
Linux	properNoun	spa	Linux	properNoun	ita
Lisboa	properNoun	spa	Lisbona	properNoun	ita
Lituania	properNoun	spa	Lituania	properNoun	ita
Lérida	properNoun	spa	Lleida	properNoun	ita
Llíria	properNoun	spa	Llíria	properNoun	ita
Llobregat	properNoun	spa	Llobregat	properNoun	ita
Logroño	properNoun	spa	Logroño	properNoun	ita
Lola	properNoun	spa	Lola	properNoun	ita
Lolita	properNoun	spa	Lolita	properNoun	ita
Londres	properNoun	spa	Londra	properNoun	ita
Lorca	properNoun	spa	Lorca	properNoun	ita
Lorena	properNoun	spa	Lorena	properNoun	ita
Lorenzo	properNoun	spa	Lorenzo	properNoun	ita
Lucio	properNoun	spa	Lucio	properNoun	ita
Lugo	properNoun	spa	Lugo	properNoun	ita
Luis	properNoun	spa	Luis	properNoun	ita
Luxemburgo	properNoun	spa	Lussemburgo	properNoun	ita
Lyon	properNoun	spa	Lione	properNoun	ita
Macedonia	properNoun	spa	Macedonia	properNoun	ita
Madagascar	properNoun	spa	Madagascar	properNoun	ita
Madrid	properNoun	spa	Madrid	properNoun	ita
Magdalena	properNoun	spa	Magdalena	properNoun	ita
Magreb	properNoun	spa	Maghreb	properNoun	ita
Mallorca	properNoun	spa	Maiorca	properNoun	ita
Malabo	properNoun	spa	Malabo	properNoun	ita
Málaga	properNoun	spa	Málaga	properNoun	ita
Malasia	properNoun	spa	Malaysia	properNoun	ita
Maldivas	properNoun	spa	Maldive	properNoun	ita
Malta	properNoun	spa	Malta	properNoun	ita
Manacor	properNoun	spa	Manacor	properNoun	ita
Manresa	properNoun	spa	Manresa	properNoun	ita
Manuel	properNoun	spa	Manuel	properNoun	ita
Mahoma	properNoun	spa	Maometto	properNoun	ita
Marbella	properNoun	spa	Marbella	properNoun	ita
Marcello	properNoun	spa	Marcello	properNoun	ita
Marcelo	properNoun	spa	Marcelo	properNoun	ita
Mariana	properNoun	spa	Mariana	properNoun	ita
Maria	properNoun	spa	Maria	properNoun	ita
María	properNoun	spa	María	properNoun	ita
Mari	properNoun	spa	Mari	properNoun	ita
Mario	properNoun	spa	Mario	properNoun	ita
Marruecos	properNoun	spa	Marruecos	properNoun	ita
Marta	properNoun	spa	Marta	properNoun	ita
Marte	properNoun	spa	Marte	properNoun	ita
Martorell	properNoun	spa	Martorell	properNoun	ita
Martí	properNoun	spa	Martí	properNoun	ita
Martín	properNoun	spa	Martín	properNoun	ita
Mataró	properNoun	spa	Mataró	properNoun	ita
Mateo	properNoun	spa	Mateo	properNoun	ita
Matteo	properNoun	spa	Matteo	properNoun	ita
Matthew	properNoun	spa	Matthew	properNoun	ita
Mauricio	properNoun	spa	Mauritius	properNoun	ita
Maya	properNoun	spa	Maya	properNoun	ita
Medina	properNoun	spa	Medina	properNoun	ita
Mediterráneo	properNoun	spa	Mediterraneo	properNoun	ita
Melilla	properNoun	spa	Melilla	properNoun	ita
Menorca	properNoun	spa	Minorca	properNoun	ita
Mercedes	properNoun	spa	Mercedes	properNoun	ita
Mérida	properNoun	spa	Mérida	properNoun	ita
México	properNoun	spa	Messico	properNoun	ita
Mestre	properNoun	spa	Mestre	properNoun	ita
Miami	properNoun	spa	Miami	properNoun	ita
Michael	properNoun	spa	Michael	properNoun	ita
Michele	properNoun	spa	Michele	properNoun	ita
Mickey	properNoun	spa	Mickey	properNoun	ita
Microsoft	properNoun	spa	Microsoft	properNoun	ita
Miguel	properNoun	spa	Miguel	properNoun	ita
Milán	properNoun	spa	Milano	properNoun	ita
Milena	properNoun	spa	Milena	properNoun	ita
Minerva	properNoun	spa	Minerva	properNoun	ita
Mislata	properNoun	spa	Mislata	properNoun	ita
Moldavia	properNoun	spa	Moldavia	properNoun	ita
Molina	properNoun	spa	Molina	properNoun	ita
Mollerussa	properNoun	spa	Mollerussa	properNoun	ita
Mónaco	properNoun	spa	Monaco	properNoun	ita
Moncada	properNoun	spa	Moncada	properNoun	ita
Monica	properNoun	spa	Monica	properNoun	ita
Mónica	properNoun	spa	Mónica	properNoun	ita
Montalbán	properNoun	spa	Montalbán	properNoun	ita
Montenegro	properNoun	spa	Montenegro	properNoun	ita
Montero	properNoun	spa	Montero	properNoun	ita
Montevideo	properNoun	spa	Montevideo	properNoun	ita
Montiel	properNoun	spa	Montiel	properNoun	ita
Montmeló	properNoun	spa	Montmeló	properNoun	ita
Montserrat	properNoun	spa	Montserrat	properNoun	ita
Monzón	properNoun	spa	Monzón	properNoun	ita
Morella	properNoun	spa	Morella	properNoun	ita
Moreno	properNoun	spa	Moreno	properNoun	ita
Moscú	properNoun	spa	Mosca	properNoun	ita
Moscova	properNoun	spa	Moscova	properNoun	ita
Móstoles	properNoun	spa	Móstoles	properNoun	ita
Murcia	properNoun	spa	Murcia	properNoun	ita
Mutxamel	properNoun	spa	Mutxamel	properNoun	ita
Nacho	properNoun	spa	Nacho	properNoun	ita
Nadal	properNoun	spa	Nadal	properNoun	ita
Namibia	properNoun	spa	Namibia	properNoun	ita
Nancy	properNoun	spa	Nancy	properNoun	ita
Napoleón	properNoun	spa	Napoleone	properNoun	ita
Nápoles	properNoun	spa	Napoli	properNoun	ita
Napster	properNoun	spa	Napster	properNoun	ita
Nature	properNoun	spa	Nature	properNoun	ita
Nazaret	properNoun	spa	Nazaret	properNoun	ita
Nepal	properNoun	spa	Nepal	properNoun	ita
Nicola	properNoun	spa	Nicola	properNoun	ita
Nicolás	properNoun	spa	Nicolás	properNoun	ita
Nigeria	properNoun	spa	Nigeria	properNoun	ita
Niza	properNoun	spa	Nizza	properNoun	ita
Norberto	properNoun	spa	Norberto	properNoun	ita
Noruega	properNoun	spa	Norvegia	properNoun	ita
Nou	properNoun	spa	Nou	properNoun	ita
Numancia	properNoun	spa	Numancia	properNoun	ita
Nueva Caledonia	properNoun	spa	Nuova Caledonia	properNoun	ita
Nueva York	properNoun	spa	Nuova York	properNoun	ita
Nueva Zelanda	properNoun	spa	Nuova Zelanda	properNoun	ita
Holanda	properNoun	spa	Olanda	properNoun	ita
Oliva	properNoun	spa	Oliva	properNoun	ita
ONG	properNoun	spa	ONG	properNoun	ita
Oporto	properNoun	spa	Oporto	properNoun	ita
Orihuela	properNoun	spa	Orihuela	properNoun	ita
Oriol	properNoun	spa	Oriol	properNoun	ita
Ortega	properNoun	spa	Ortega	properNoun	ita
Osasuna	properNoun	spa	Osasuna	properNoun	ita
Osborne	properNoun	spa	Osborne	properNoun	ita
Oscar	properNoun	spa	Oscar	properNoun	ita
Óscar	properNoun	spa	Óscar	properNoun	ita
Oslo	properNoun	spa	Oslo	properNoun	ita
Osuna	properNoun	spa	Osuna	properNoun	ita
Ourense	properNoun	spa	Ourense	properNoun	ita
Oviedo	properNoun	spa	Oviedo	properNoun	ita
Pablo	properNoun	spa	Pablo	properNoun	ita
Paco	properNoun	spa	Paco	properNoun	ita
Padua	properNoun	spa	Padova	properNoun	ita
Pakistán	properNoun	spa	Pakistan	properNoun	ita
Palau	properNoun	spa	Palau	properNoun	ita
Paloma	properNoun	spa	Paloma	properNoun	ita
Pamplona	properNoun	spa	Pamplona	properNoun	ita
Panamá	properNoun	spa	Panamá	properNoun	ita
Paola	properNoun	spa	Paola	properNoun	ita
Paraguay	properNoun	spa	Paraguay	properNoun	ita
París	properNoun	spa	Parigi	properNoun	ita
Paterna	properNoun	spa	Paterna	properNoun	ita
Patricia	properNoun	spa	Patricia	properNoun	ita
Patrick	properNoun	spa	Patrick	properNoun	ita
Paula	properNoun	spa	Paula	properNoun	ita
Paul	properNoun	spa	Paul	properNoun	ita
Pau	properNoun	spa	Pau	properNoun	ita
Pedro	properNoun	spa	Pedro	properNoun	ita
Pegaso	properNoun	spa	Pegaso	properNoun	ita
Pekín	properNoun	spa	Pechino	properNoun	ita
Pelayo	properNoun	spa	Pelayo	properNoun	ita
Penélope	properNoun	spa	Penelope	properNoun	ita
Perales	properNoun	spa	Perales	properNoun	ita
Peralta	properNoun	spa	Peralta	properNoun	ita
Perú	properNoun	spa	Perù	properNoun	ita
Peter	properNoun	spa	Peter	properNoun	ita
Petra	properNoun	spa	Petra	properNoun	ita
Filadelfia	properNoun	spa	Philadelphia	properNoun	ita
Picanya	properNoun	spa	Picanya	properNoun	ita
Piera	properNoun	spa	Piera	properNoun	ita
Pilar	properNoun	spa	Pilar	properNoun	ita
Pirineo	properNoun	spa	Pirenei	properNoun	ita
Platón	properNoun	spa	Platone	properNoun	ita
Policía	properNoun	spa	Polizia	properNoun	ita
Polonia	properNoun	spa	Polonia	properNoun	ita
Pontevedra	properNoun	spa	Pontevedra	properNoun	ita
Portugal	properNoun	spa	Portogallo	properNoun	ita
Praga	properNoun	spa	Praga	properNoun	ita
Puig	properNoun	spa	Puig	properNoun	ita
Qatar	properNoun	spa	Qatar	properNoun	ita
Quart	properNoun	spa	Quart	properNoun	ita
Querol	properNoun	spa	Querol	properNoun	ita
Quijote	properNoun	spa	Chisciotte	properNoun	ita
RTVE	properNoun	spa	RTVE	properNoun	ita
Rachele	properNoun	spa	Rachele	properNoun	ita
Rafael	properNoun	spa	Rafael	properNoun	ita
Rambla	properNoun	spa	Rambla	properNoun	ita
Ramón	properNoun	spa	Ramón	properNoun	ita
Raquel	properNoun	spa	Raquel	properNoun	ita
Raúl	properNoun	spa	Raúl	properNoun	ita
Renfe	properNoun	spa	Renfe	properNoun	ita
Repsol	properNoun	spa	Repsol	properNoun	ita
República Centroafricana	properNoun	spa	Repubblica Centrafricana	properNoun	ita
República Dominicana	properNoun	spa	Repubblica Dominicana	properNoun	ita
Requena	properNoun	spa	Requena	properNoun	ita
Reus	properNoun	spa	Reus	properNoun	ita
Ribes	properNoun	spa	Ribes	properNoun	ita
Ricardo	properNoun	spa	Ricardo	properNoun	ita
Riccardo	properNoun	spa	Riccardo	properNoun	ita
Richard	properNoun	spa	Richard	properNoun	ita
Ripoll	properNoun	spa	Ripoll	properNoun	ita
Rivera	properNoun	spa	Rivera	properNoun	ita
Robert	properNoun	spa	Robert	properNoun	ita
Roberto	properNoun	spa	Roberto	properNoun	ita
Rocío	properNoun	spa	Rocío	properNoun	ita
Rolling	properNoun	spa	Rolling	properNoun	ita
Rumanía	properNoun	spa	Romania	properNoun	ita
Roma	properNoun	spa	Roma	properNoun	ita
Romareda	properNoun	spa	Romareda	properNoun	ita
Ronaldo	properNoun	spa	Ronaldo	properNoun	ita
Roque	properNoun	spa	Roque	properNoun	ita
Rosellón	properNoun	spa	Roussillon	properNoun	ita
Ruanda	properNoun	spa	Ruanda	properNoun	ita
Rubén	properNoun	spa	Rubén	properNoun	ita
Rubí	properNoun	spa	Rubí	properNoun	ita
Rusia	properNoun	spa	Russia	properNoun	ita
Sabadell	properNoun	spa	Sabadell	properNoun	ita
Sadam	properNoun	spa	Saddam	properNoun	ita
Sagra	properNoun	spa	Sagra	properNoun	ita
Sagunto	properNoun	spa	Sagunto	properNoun	ita
Salamanca	properNoun	spa	Salamanca	properNoun	ita
Salem	properNoun	spa	Salem	properNoun	ita
Salinas	properNoun	spa	Salinas	properNoun	ita
Salvador	properNoun	spa	Salvador	properNoun	ita
Samuel	properNoun	spa	Samuele	properNoun	ita
Samuele	properNoun	spa	Samuel	properNoun	ita
Santander	properNoun	spa	Santander	properNoun	ita
Santiago	properNoun	spa	Santiago	properNoun	ita
Sara	properNoun	spa	Sara	properNoun	ita
Sarajevo	properNoun	spa	Sarajevo	properNoun	ita
Cerdeña	properNoun	spa	Sardegna	properNoun	ita
Satanás	properNoun	spa	Satana	properNoun	ita
Saturno	properNoun	spa	Saturno	properNoun	ita
Saverio	properNoun	spa	Saverio	properNoun	ita
Escandinavia	properNoun	spa	Scandinavia	properNoun	ita
Schengen	properNoun	spa	Schengen	properNoun	ita
Escocia	properNoun	spa	Scozia	properNoun	ita
Segarra	properNoun	spa	Segarra	properNoun	ita
Segovia	properNoun	spa	Segovia	properNoun	ita
Serbia	properNoun	spa	Serbia	properNoun	ita
Sergio	properNoun	spa	Sergio	properNoun	ita
Serrano	properNoun	spa	Serrano	properNoun	ita
Serra	properNoun	spa	Serra	properNoun	ita
Sevilla	properNoun	spa	Siviglia	properNoun	ita
Shane	properNoun	spa	Shane	properNoun	ita
Shanghai	properNoun	spa	Shanghai	properNoun	ita
Simone	properNoun	spa	Simone	properNoun	ita
Simón	properNoun	spa	Simón	properNoun	ita
Singapur	properNoun	spa	Singapore	properNoun	ita
Siria	properNoun	spa	Siria	properNoun	ita
Sitges	properNoun	spa	Sitges	properNoun	ita
Eslovaquia	properNoun	spa	Slovacchia	properNoun	ita
Eslovenia	properNoun	spa	Slovenia	properNoun	ita
Sofia	properNoun	spa	Sofia	properNoun	ita
Sofía	properNoun	spa	Sofia	properNoun	ita
Somalia	properNoun	spa	Somalia	properNoun	ita
Sony	properNoun	spa	Sony	properNoun	ita
Soria	properNoun	spa	Soria	properNoun	ita
España	properNoun	spa	Spagna	properNoun	ita
Estados Unidos	properNoun	spa	Stati Uniti	properNoun	ita
Estocolmo	properNoun	spa	Stoccolma	properNoun	ita
Estrasburgo	properNoun	spa	Strasburgo	properNoun	ita
Stefano	properNoun	spa	Stefano	properNoun	ita
Sudán	properNoun	spa	Sudan	properNoun	ita
Suecia	properNoun	spa	Svezia	properNoun	ita
Suiza	properNoun	spa	Svizzera	properNoun	ita
Suráfrica	properNoun	spa	Sudafrica	properNoun	ita
Susana	properNoun	spa	Susana	properNoun	ita
Sydney	properNoun	spa	Sydney	properNoun	ita
Taiwán	properNoun	spa	Taiwan	properNoun	ita
Tánger	properNoun	spa	Tangeri	properNoun	ita
Tania	properNoun	spa	Tania	properNoun	ita
Tanzania	properNoun	spa	Tanzania	properNoun	ita
Tarragona	properNoun	spa	Tarragona	properNoun	ita
Tarrasa	properNoun	spa	Tarrassa	properNoun	ita
Tàrrega	properNoun	spa	Tàrrega	properNoun	ita
Tasmania	properNoun	spa	Tasmania	properNoun	ita
Teherán	properNoun	spa	Teheran	properNoun	ita
Telecinco	properNoun	spa	Telecinco	properNoun	ita
Tenerife	properNoun	spa	Tenerife	properNoun	ita
Teresa	properNoun	spa	Teresa	properNoun	ita
Terra	properNoun	spa	Terra	properNoun	ita
Terrassa	properNoun	spa	Terrassa	properNoun	ita
Teruel	properNoun	spa	Teruel	properNoun	ita
Tailandia	properNoun	spa	Thailandia	properNoun	ita
Thomas	properNoun	spa	Thomas	properNoun	ita
Titanic	properNoun	spa	Titanic	properNoun	ita
Tokyo	properNoun	spa	Tokyo	properNoun	ita
Toledo	properNoun	spa	Toledo	properNoun	ita
Turín	properNoun	spa	Torino	properNoun	ita
Torreblanca	properNoun	spa	Torreblanca	properNoun	ita
Torrent	properNoun	spa	Torrent	properNoun	ita
Torrevieja	properNoun	spa	Torrevieja	properNoun	ita
Torrijos	properNoun	spa	Torrijos	properNoun	ita
Tour	properNoun	spa	Tour	properNoun	ita
Tremonti	properNoun	spa	Tremonti	properNoun	ita
Tremp	properNoun	spa	Tremp	properNoun	ita
Triana	properNoun	spa	Triana	properNoun	ita
Troya	properNoun	spa	Troia	properNoun	ita
Trujillo	properNoun	spa	Trujillo	properNoun	ita
Túnez	properNoun	spa	Tunisia	properNoun	ita
Turquía	properNoun	spa	Turchia	properNoun	ita
TVE	properNoun	spa	TVE	properNoun	ita
Twitter	properNoun	spa	Twitter	properNoun	ita
Úbeda	properNoun	spa	Úbeda	properNoun	ita
Ucrania	properNoun	spa	Ucraina	properNoun	ita
Uganda	properNoun	spa	Uganda	properNoun	ita
Ugo	properNoun	spa	Ugo	properNoun	ita
Hungría	properNoun	spa	Ungheria	properNoun	ita
Unix	properNoun	spa	Unix	properNoun	ita
Uruguay	properNoun	spa	Uruguay	properNoun	ita
EE.UU.	properNoun	spa	USA	properNoun	ita
Valencia	properNoun	spa	Valenzia	properNoun	ita
Valladolid	properNoun	spa	Valladolid	properNoun	ita
Valls	properNoun	spa	Valls	properNoun	ita
Valverde	properNoun	spa	Valverde	properNoun	ita
Vancouver	properNoun	spa	Vancouver	properNoun	ita
Vázquez	properNoun	spa	Vázquez	properNoun	ita
Vega	properNoun	spa	Vega	properNoun	ita
Venecia	properNoun	spa	Venezia	properNoun	ita
Venezuela	properNoun	spa	Venezuela	properNoun	ita
Venus	properNoun	spa	Venere	properNoun	ita
Verdú	properNoun	spa	Verdú	properNoun	ita
Viana	properNoun	spa	Viana	properNoun	ita
Vicente	properNoun	spa	Vicente	properNoun	ita
Vic	properNoun	spa	Vic	properNoun	ita
Víctor	properNoun	spa	Víctor	properNoun	ita
Viena	properNoun	spa	Vienna	properNoun	ita
Vietnam	properNoun	spa	Vietnam	properNoun	ita
Vigo	properNoun	spa	Vigo	properNoun	ita
Viladecans	properNoun	spa	Viladecans	properNoun	ita
Vilanova	properNoun	spa	Vilanova	properNoun	ita
Villalba	properNoun	spa	Villalba	properNoun	ita
Villalobos	properNoun	spa	Villalobos	properNoun	ita
Villalonga	properNoun	spa	Villalonga	properNoun	ita
Villar	properNoun	spa	Villar	properNoun	ita
Villarreal	properNoun	spa	Villarreal	properNoun	ita
Villena	properNoun	spa	Villena	properNoun	ita
Vinaròs	properNoun	spa	Vinaròs	properNoun	ita
Vincenzo	properNoun	spa	Vincenzo	properNoun	ita
Virginia	properNoun	spa	Virginia	properNoun	ita
Vitoria	properNoun	spa	Vitoria	properNoun	ita
Vizcaya	properNoun	spa	Biscaglia	properNoun	ita
Vlad Draculea	properNoun	spa	Vlad Dracul	properNoun	ita
Vlad Draculea Tepes	properNoun	spa	Vlad Dracul Tepes	properNoun	ita
Vlad III Draculea	properNoun	spa	Vlad III Dracul	properNoun	ita
Vlad III el Empalador	properNoun	spa	Vlad III l'Impalatore	properNoun	ita
Vladimir	properNoun	spa	Vladimir	properNoun	ita
Washington	properNoun	spa	Washington	properNoun	ita
Wikipedia	properNoun	spa	Wikipedia	properNoun	ita
William	properNoun	spa	William	properNoun	ita
Windows	properNoun	spa	Windows	properNoun	ita
Xàtiva	properNoun	spa	Xàtiva	properNoun	ita
Xirivella	properNoun	spa	Xirivella	properNoun	ita
Yahoo	properNoun	spa	Yahoo	properNoun	ita
York	properNoun	spa	York	properNoun	ita
Zamora	properNoun	spa	Zamora	properNoun	ita
Zaragoza	properNoun	spa	Saragozza	properNoun	ita
Zeta	properNoun	spa	Zeta	properNoun	ita
html	properNoun	spa	html	properNoun	ita
BSCH	properNoun	spa	BSCH	properNoun	ita
Càrcer	properNoun	spa	Càrcer	properNoun	ita
Cárdenas	properNoun	spa	Cárdenas	properNoun	ita
Chechenia	properNoun	spa	Cecenia	properNoun	ita
Córdoba	properNoun	spa	Córdoba	properNoun	ita
Córcega	properNoun	spa	Corsica	properNoun	ita
Chequia	properNoun	spa	Repubblica Ceca	properNoun	ita
Lacio	properNoun	spa	Lazio	properNoun	ita
adiós	interjection	spa	arrivederci	interjection	ita
adiós	interjection	spa	addio	interjection	ita
eso es	interjection	spa	ecco	interjection	ita
vale	interjection	spa	va bene	interjection	ita
vale	interjection	spa	ok	interjection	ita
buenas	interjection	spa	salve	interjection	ita
hola	interjection	spa	ciao	interjection	ita
ojalá	interjection	spa	magari	interjection	ita
buenos días	interjection	spa	buongiorno	interjection	ita
buenas tardes	interjection	spa	buona sera	interjection	ita
buenas noches	interjection	spa	buona notte	interjection	ita
hasta pronto	interjection	spa	a presto	interjection	ita
por favor	interjection	spa	per favore	interjection	ita
de nada	interjection	spa	prego	interjection	ita
adonde	relativePronoun	spa	dove	relativePronoun	ita
como	relativePronoun	spa	come	relativePronoun	ita
cual	relativePronoun	spa	come	relativePronoun	ita
cuando	relativePronoun	spa	quando	relativePronoun	ita
cuanto	relativePronoun	spa	quanto	relativePronoun	ita
cuyo	relativePronoun	spa	il cui	relativePronoun	ita
cuyo	relativePronoun	spa	cui	relativePronoun	ita
donde	relativePronoun	spa	dove	relativePronoun	ita
el cual	relativePronoun	spa	il quale	relativePronoun	ita
el cual	relativePronoun	spa	cui	relativePronoun	ita
el que	relativePronoun	spa	quello che	relativePronoun	ita
en el que	relativePronoun	spa	nel quale	relativePronoun	ita
en la que	relativePronoun	spa	nel quale	relativePronoun	ita
en lo que	relativePronoun	spa	nel quale	relativePronoun	ita
lo cual	relativePronoun	spa	il che	relativePronoun	ita
lo que	relativePronoun	spa	quello che	relativePronoun	ita
que	relativePronoun	spa	che	relativePronoun	ita
quien	relativePronoun	spa	chi	relativePronoun	ita
quien	relativePronoun	spa	chi	relativePronoun	ita
quien	relativePronoun	spa	chi	relativePronoun	ita
lo	determiner	spa	lo	determiner	ita
lo	determiner	spa	quello	determiner	ita
haber	verb	spa	avere	verb	ita
haber	verb	spa	avere	verb	ita
que	subordinatingConjunction	spa	che	subordinatingConjunction	ita
dignidad	noun	spa	dignità	noun	ita
alguien	pronoun	spa	qualcuno	pronoun	ita
milanés	adjective	spa	milanese	adjective	ita
laborioso	adjective	spa	operoso	adjective	ita
lombardo	adjective	spa	lombardo	adjective	ita
ocasionar	verb	spa	arrecare	verb	ita
coste	noun	spa	onere	noun	ita
subalterno	adjective	spa	subalterno	adjective	ita
exceder	verb	spa	eccedere	verb	ita
prepotencia	noun	spa	prepotenza	noun	ita
propenso	adjective	spa	incline	adjective	ita
presencia	noun	spa	cospetto	noun	ita
tranquilidad	noun	spa	quiete	noun	ita
injuria	noun	spa	ingiuria	noun	ita
perturbar	verb	spa	perturbare	verb	ita
perturbar	verb	spa	turbare	verb	ita
agudeza	noun	spa	acutezza	noun	ita
veneciano	adjective	spa	veneziano	adjective	ita
obligar	verb	spa	costringere	verb	ita
restituir	verb	spa	restituire	verb	ita
atrevido	adjective	spa	azzardato	adjective	ita
,	comma	spa	,	comma	ita
-	punctuation	spa	-	punctuation	ita
