antingen	subordinatingConjunction	swe	enten	coordinatingConjunction	nor
antingen	subordinatingConjunction	swe	enten	coordinatingConjunction	nor
att	subordinatingConjunction	swe	at	subordinatingConjunction	nor
att	subordinatingConjunction	swe	til å	subordinatingConjunction	nor
både	coordinatingConjunction	swe	både	coordinatingConjunction	nor
där	subordinatingConjunction	swe	der	subordinatingConjunction	nor
där	subordinatingConjunction	swe	hvor	subordinatingConjunction	nor
då	subordinatingConjunction	swe	da	subordinatingConjunction	nor
då	subordinatingConjunction	swe	då	subordinatingConjunction	nor
då	subordinatingConjunction	swe	da	subordinatingConjunction	nor
då	subordinatingConjunction	swe	då	subordinatingConjunction	nor
sedan	subordinatingConjunction	swe	sidan	subordinatingConjunction	nor
sedan	subordinatingConjunction	swe	siden	subordinatingConjunction	nor
eftersom	subordinatingConjunction	swe	ettersom	subordinatingConjunction	nor
eftersom	subordinatingConjunction	swe	fordi	subordinatingConjunction	nor
eftersom	subordinatingConjunction	swe	sidan	subordinatingConjunction	nor
eftersom	subordinatingConjunction	swe	siden	subordinatingConjunction	nor
eller	coordinatingConjunction	swe	eller	coordinatingConjunction	nor
emedan	subordinatingConjunction	swe	fordi	subordinatingConjunction	nor
fast	coordinatingConjunction	swe	men	coordinatingConjunction	nor
fast	subordinatingConjunction	swe	sjølv om	subordinatingConjunction	nor
fast	subordinatingConjunction	swe	selv om	subordinatingConjunction	nor
fastän	subordinatingConjunction	swe	sjølv om	subordinatingConjunction	nor
fastän	subordinatingConjunction	swe	selv om	subordinatingConjunction	nor
för att	subordinatingConjunction	swe	for å	subordinatingConjunction	nor
ifall	subordinatingConjunction	swe	viss	subordinatingConjunction	nor
ifall	subordinatingConjunction	swe	hvis	subordinatingConjunction	nor
medan	subordinatingConjunction	swe	mens	subordinatingConjunction	nor
medan	subordinatingConjunction	swe	mens	subordinatingConjunction	nor
men	coordinatingConjunction	swe	men	coordinatingConjunction	nor
när	subordinatingConjunction	swe	når	subordinatingConjunction	nor
och	coordinatingConjunction	swe	og	coordinatingConjunction	nor
om	subordinatingConjunction	swe	om	subordinatingConjunction	nor
samt	coordinatingConjunction	swe	samt	coordinatingConjunction	nor
samt	coordinatingConjunction	swe	og dessutan	coordinatingConjunction	nor
som	subordinatingConjunction	swe	som	subordinatingConjunction	nor
så	subordinatingConjunction	swe	så	subordinatingConjunction	nor
till	subordinatingConjunction	swe	til	subordinatingConjunction	nor
ty	subordinatingConjunction	swe	fordi	subordinatingConjunction	nor
förrän	subordinatingConjunction	swe	før	subordinatingConjunction	nor
förrän	subordinatingConjunction	swe	til	subordinatingConjunction	nor
varken	coordinatingConjunction	swe	verken	coordinatingConjunction	nor
varken	coordinatingConjunction	swe	hverken	coordinatingConjunction	nor
varken	coordinatingConjunction	swe	verken	coordinatingConjunction	nor
även om	subordinatingConjunction	swe	sjølv om	subordinatingConjunction	nor
även om	subordinatingConjunction	swe	selv om	subordinatingConjunction	nor
angående	preposition	swe	andsynes	preposition	nor
angående	preposition	swe	angående	preposition	nor
att	preposition	swe	å	preposition	nor
av	preposition	swe	av	preposition	nor
bakom	preposition	swe	bakenfor	preposition	nor
bakom	preposition	swe	bakfor	preposition	nor
bland	preposition	swe	blant	preposition	nor
bland	preposition	swe	deriblant	preposition	nor
bland	preposition	swe	iblant	preposition	nor
bland	preposition	swe	inniblant	preposition	nor
bland	preposition	swe	mellom dei	preposition	nor
ca.	preposition	swe	ca.	preposition	nor
ca	preposition	swe	ca	preposition	nor
efter	preposition	swe	bortanfor	preposition	nor
efter	preposition	swe	bortanpå	preposition	nor
efter	preposition	swe	bortapå	preposition	nor
efter	preposition	swe	bortatil	preposition	nor
efter	preposition	swe	bortenfor	preposition	nor
efter	preposition	swe	bortetter	preposition	nor
efter	preposition	swe	efter	preposition	nor
efter	preposition	swe	efterpå	preposition	nor
efter	preposition	swe	etter	preposition	nor
efter	preposition	swe	etterpå	preposition	nor
emellan	preposition	swe	imellom	preposition	nor
emot	preposition	swe	bortimot	preposition	nor
emot	preposition	swe	imot	preposition	nor
emot	preposition	swe	opp imot	preposition	nor
emot	preposition	swe	oppimot	preposition	nor
enligt	preposition	swe	ifylgje	preposition	nor
enligt	preposition	swe	ifølge	preposition	nor
enligt	preposition	swe	ifølgje	preposition	nor
fig.	preposition	swe	fig.	preposition	nor
fig	preposition	swe	fig	preposition	nor
framför	preposition	swe	foran	preposition	nor
framför	preposition	swe	framfor	preposition	nor
från	preposition	swe	dør	preposition	nor
från	preposition	swe	fra	preposition	nor
från	preposition	swe	frå	preposition	nor
från	preposition	swe	frå	preposition	nor
från	preposition	swe	ifra	preposition	nor
från	preposition	swe	ifrå	preposition	nor
från	preposition	swe	unna	preposition	nor
för	preposition	swe	for	preposition	nor
före	preposition	swe	før	preposition	nor
förutom	preposition	swe	unnateke	preposition	nor
förutom	preposition	swe	unnateki	preposition	nor
förutom	preposition	swe	unnateki	preposition	nor
förutom	preposition	swe	unntagen	preposition	nor
förutom	preposition	swe	unntatt	preposition	nor
genom	preposition	swe	bortgjennom	preposition	nor
genom	preposition	swe	framgjennom	preposition	nor
genom	preposition	swe	fremgjennom	preposition	nor
genom	preposition	swe	gjennom	preposition	nor
hos	preposition	swe	hjå	preposition	nor
hos	preposition	swe	hos	preposition	nor
i	preposition	swe	borti	preposition	nor
i	preposition	swe	i	preposition	nor
ifrån	preposition	swe	dør	preposition	nor
ifrån	preposition	swe	fra	preposition	nor
ifrån	preposition	swe	frå	preposition	nor
ifrån	preposition	swe	frå	preposition	nor
ifrån	preposition	swe	ifra	preposition	nor
ifrån	preposition	swe	ifrå	preposition	nor
ifrån	preposition	swe	ifrå	preposition	nor
ifrån	preposition	swe	unna	preposition	nor
igenom	preposition	swe	attigjennom	preposition	nor
igenom	preposition	swe	bortigjennom	preposition	nor
igenom	preposition	swe	gjennom	preposition	nor
igenom	preposition	swe	oppigjennom	preposition	nor
inför	preposition	swe	foran	preposition	nor
inför	preposition	swe	framanfor	preposition	nor
inför	preposition	swe	framfor	preposition	nor
inför	preposition	swe	framføre	preposition	nor
inför	preposition	swe	frammenfor	preposition	nor
inför	preposition	swe	framom	preposition	nor
inför	preposition	swe	fremmenfor	preposition	nor
inför	preposition	swe	fremom	preposition	nor
inför	preposition	swe	føre	preposition	nor
innan	preposition	swe	innan	preposition	nor
innan	preposition	swe	innen	preposition	nor
innanför	preposition	swe	innanfor	preposition	nor
innanför	preposition	swe	innenfor	preposition	nor
inom	preposition	swe	innanfor	preposition	nor
inom	preposition	swe	innenfor	preposition	nor
inuti	preposition	swe	inne i	preposition	nor
kring	preposition	swe	ikring	preposition	nor
kring	preposition	swe	kring	preposition	nor
kring	preposition	swe	kringom	preposition	nor
kring	preposition	swe	omkring	preposition	nor
kring	preposition	swe	utakring	preposition	nor
kring	preposition	swe	utanikring	preposition	nor
kring	preposition	swe	utankring	preposition	nor
längs	preposition	swe	frametter	preposition	nor
längs	preposition	swe	fremetter	preposition	nor
längs	preposition	swe	langs	preposition	nor
längs	preposition	swe	langsetter	preposition	nor
med	preposition	swe	med	preposition	nor
mellan	preposition	swe	mellom	preposition	nor
mot	preposition	swe	mot	preposition	nor
mot	preposition	swe	åt	preposition	nor
nr.	preposition	swe	nr.	preposition	nor
nr	preposition	swe	nr	preposition	nor
nära	preposition	swe	næme	preposition	nor
nära	preposition	swe	nær	preposition	nor
nära	preposition	swe	nærhendes	preposition	nor
nära	preposition	swe	nærme	preposition	nor
om	preposition	swe	om	preposition	nor
om	preposition	swe	um	preposition	nor
omkring	preposition	swe	ikring	preposition	nor
omkring	preposition	swe	kring	preposition	nor
omkring	preposition	swe	kringom	preposition	nor
omkring	preposition	swe	omkring	preposition	nor
omkring	preposition	swe	utakring	preposition	nor
omkring	preposition	swe	utanikring	preposition	nor
omkring	preposition	swe	utankring	preposition	nor
ovanför	preposition	swe	andsynes	preposition	nor
ovanför	preposition	swe	overfor	preposition	nor
ovanpå	preposition	swe	ovanpå	preposition	nor
ovanpå	preposition	swe	ovapå	preposition	nor
ovanpå	preposition	swe	ovenpå	preposition	nor
per	preposition	swe	per	preposition	nor
pga.	preposition	swe	pga.	preposition	nor
pga	preposition	swe	pga	preposition	nor
på grund av	preposition	swe	på grunn av	preposition	nor
på	preposition	swe	frampå	preposition	nor
på	preposition	swe	frempå	preposition	nor
på	preposition	swe	på	preposition	nor
som	preposition	swe	som	preposition	nor
till	preposition	swe	att-til	preposition	nor
till	preposition	swe	attil	preposition	nor
till	preposition	swe	framantil	preposition	nor
till	preposition	swe	framatil	preposition	nor
till	preposition	swe	framtil	preposition	nor
till	preposition	swe	framåt	preposition	nor
till	preposition	swe	fremtil	preposition	nor
till	preposition	swe	som	preposition	nor
till	preposition	swe	til	preposition	nor
till	preposition	swe	åt	preposition	nor
tills	preposition	swe	inntil	preposition	nor
trots	preposition	swe	etter	preposition	nor
under	preposition	swe	bortunder	preposition	nor
under	preposition	swe	framunder	preposition	nor
under	preposition	swe	fremunder	preposition	nor
under	preposition	swe	under	preposition	nor
under	preposition	swe	underan	preposition	nor
upp till	preposition	swe	opp til	preposition	nor
upp till	preposition	swe	opptil	preposition	nor
uppe i	preposition	swe	oppe på	preposition	nor
ur	preposition	swe	fra	preposition	nor
ur	preposition	swe	frå	preposition	nor
ur	preposition	swe	or	preposition	nor
ur	preposition	swe	ut av	preposition	nor
ur	preposition	swe	utav	preposition	nor
ut	preposition	swe	ut	preposition	nor
utan	preposition	swe	omfram	preposition	nor
utan	preposition	swe	omframt	preposition	nor
utan	preposition	swe	utan	preposition	nor
utan	preposition	swe	uten	preposition	nor
utan	preposition	swe	uten	preposition	nor
utanför	preposition	swe	utanfor	preposition	nor
utanför	preposition	swe	utenfor	preposition	nor
utanför	preposition	swe	utkring	preposition	nor
utanför	preposition	swe	utkring	preposition	nor
utanför	preposition	swe	utom	preposition	nor
utanför	preposition	swe	utomhus	preposition	nor
utom	preposition	swe	utom	preposition	nor
utöver	preposition	swe	utover	preposition	nor
via	preposition	swe	via	preposition	nor
vid	preposition	swe	attmed	preposition	nor
vid	preposition	swe	attved	preposition	nor
vid	preposition	swe	bortmed	preposition	nor
vid	preposition	swe	borttil	preposition	nor
vid	preposition	swe	bortved	preposition	nor
vid	preposition	swe	bortåt	preposition	nor
vid	preposition	swe	frammed	preposition	nor
vid	preposition	swe	framved	preposition	nor
vid	preposition	swe	fremved	preposition	nor
vid	preposition	swe	innmed	preposition	nor
vid	preposition	swe	næme	preposition	nor
vid	preposition	swe	ved	preposition	nor
åt	preposition	swe	att-til	preposition	nor
åt	preposition	swe	attil	preposition	nor
åt	preposition	swe	framantil	preposition	nor
åt	preposition	swe	framatil	preposition	nor
åt	preposition	swe	framtil	preposition	nor
åt	preposition	swe	framåt	preposition	nor
åt	preposition	swe	fremtil	preposition	nor
åt	preposition	swe	som	preposition	nor
åt	preposition	swe	til	preposition	nor
åt	preposition	swe	åt	preposition	nor
över	preposition	swe	over	preposition	nor
jag	pronoun	swe	eg	pronoun	nor
jag	pronoun	swe	jeg	pronoun	nor
min	possessivePronoun	swe	min	possessivePronoun	nor
du	pronoun	swe	du	pronoun	nor
din	possessivePronoun	swe	din	possessivePronoun	nor
hon	pronoun	swe	ho	pronoun	nor
hon	pronoun	swe	hun	pronoun	nor
hennes	possessivePronoun	swe	hennar	possessivePronoun	nor
hennes	possessivePronoun	swe	hennes	possessivePronoun	nor
han	pronoun	swe	han	pronoun	nor
hans	possessivePronoun	swe	hans	possessivePronoun	nor
hen	pronoun	swe	hen	pronoun	nor
hens	possessivePronoun	swe	hens	possessivePronoun	nor
den	pronoun	swe	han	pronoun	nor
den	pronoun	swe	ho	pronoun	nor
den	pronoun	swe	den	pronoun	nor
den	pronoun	swe	den	pronoun	nor
dens	possessivePronoun	swe	dens	possessivePronoun	nor
dess	possessivePronoun	swe	dets	possessivePronoun	nor
vi	pronoun	swe	vi	pronoun	nor
vår	possessivePronoun	swe	vår	possessivePronoun	nor
ni	pronoun	swe	de	pronoun	nor
ni	pronoun	swe	dere	pronoun	nor
er	possessivePronoun	swe	dykkar	possessivePronoun	nor
er	possessivePronoun	swe	deres²	possessivePronoun	nor
de	pronoun	swe	dei	pronoun	nor
de	pronoun	swe	de	pronoun	nor
deras	possessivePronoun	swe	deira	possessivePronoun	nor
deras	possessivePronoun	swe	deres¹	possessivePronoun	nor
sig	pronoun	swe	seg	pronoun	nor
sin	possessivePronoun	swe	sin	possessivePronoun	nor
man	pronoun	swe	man	pronoun	nor
man	pronoun	swe	ein	pronoun	nor
ens	possessivePronoun	swe	ens	possessivePronoun	nor
ens	possessivePronoun	swe	eins	possessivePronoun	nor
varandra	pronoun	swe	kvarandre	pronoun	nor
varandras	possessivePronoun	swe	kvarandres	possessivePronoun	nor
varandra	pronoun	swe	hverandre	pronoun	nor
varandras	possessivePronoun	swe	hverandres	possessivePronoun	nor
varann	pronoun	swe	kvarandre	pronoun	nor
varanns	possessivePronoun	swe	kvarandres	possessivePronoun	nor
varann	pronoun	swe	hverandre	pronoun	nor
varanns	possessivePronoun	swe	hverandres	possessivePronoun	nor
allihop	pronoun	swe	alle saman	pronoun	nor
allihops	possessivePronoun	swe	alle samans	possessivePronoun	nor
alltihop	pronoun	swe	alt saman	pronoun	nor
alltihops	possessivePronoun	swe	alt samans	possessivePronoun	nor
allihop	pronoun	swe	alle sammen	pronoun	nor
allihops	possessivePronoun	swe	alle sammens	possessivePronoun	nor
alltihop	pronoun	swe	alt sammen	pronoun	nor
alltihops	possessivePronoun	swe	alt sammens	possessivePronoun	nor
allting	pronoun	swe	allting	pronoun	nor
alltings	possessivePronoun	swe	alltings	possessivePronoun	nor
bägge	pronoun	swe	begge	pronoun	nor
båda	pronoun	swe	begge	pronoun	nor
båda	pronoun	swe	båe	pronoun	nor
bådas	possessivePronoun	swe	begges	possessivePronoun	nor
bådas	possessivePronoun	swe	båes	possessivePronoun	nor
envar	pronoun	swe	kvar og ein	pronoun	nor
envars	possessivePronoun	swe	kvar og ein sin	possessivePronoun	nor
envar	pronoun	swe	enhver	pronoun	nor
envars	possessivePronoun	swe	enhvers	possessivePronoun	nor
vad	pronoun	swe	hva	pronoun	nor
vad	pronoun	swe	kva	pronoun	nor
vem	pronoun	swe	hvem	pronoun	nor
vem	pronoun	swe	kven	pronoun	nor
ingenting	pronoun	swe	ingenting	pronoun	nor
någon	pronoun	swe	noko	pronoun	nor
någon	pronoun	swe	noe	pronoun	nor
någonting	pronoun	swe	noko	pronoun	nor
någonting	pronoun	swe	noe	pronoun	nor
nånting	pronoun	swe	noko	pronoun	nor
nånting	pronoun	swe	noe	pronoun	nor
somlig	pronoun	swe	noko	pronoun	nor
somlig	pronoun	swe	noe	pronoun	nor
ingen	pronoun	swe	ingen	pronoun	nor
annan	pronoun	swe	annen	pronoun	nor
annan	pronoun	swe	annan	pronoun	nor
denna	pronoun	swe	denne	pronoun	nor
vilken	pronoun	swe	som	pronoun	nor
vilken	pronoun	swe	hvilken	determiner	nor
egen	determiner	swe	egen	determiner	nor
egen	determiner	swe	eigen	determiner	nor
själv	determiner	swe	selv	determiner	nor
själv	determiner	swe	sjølv	determiner	nor
samma	pronoun	swe	same	determiner	nor
samma	pronoun	swe	samme	determiner	nor
samtlig	pronoun	swe	samtlige	determiner	nor
samtlig	pronoun	swe	all	determiner	nor
all	pronoun	swe	all	determiner	nor
allesammans	pronoun	swe	all	determiner	nor
den	determiner	swe	den	determiner	nor
denna	determiner	swe	denne	determiner	nor
sån	determiner	swe	slik	determiner	nor
en	determiner	swe	en	determiner	nor
en	determiner	swe	én	determiner	nor
en	determiner	swe	ein	determiner	nor
en	determiner	swe	éin	determiner	nor
någon	determiner	swe	somme	determiner	nor
någon	determiner	swe	noe	determiner	nor
någon	determiner	swe	noko	determiner	nor
ingen	determiner	swe	ingen	determiner	nor
varje	determiner	swe	kvar	determiner	nor
varje	determiner	swe	hver	determiner	nor
annan	determiner	swe	annen	determiner	nor
annan	determiner	swe	annan	determiner	nor
all	determiner	swe	all	determiner	nor
en	determiner	swe	en	determiner	nor
en	determiner	swe	ein	determiner	nor
två	determiner	swe	to	determiner	nor
tre	determiner	swe	tre	determiner	nor
fyra	determiner	swe	fire	determiner	nor
fem	determiner	swe	fem	determiner	nor
sex	determiner	swe	seks	determiner	nor
sju	determiner	swe	sju	determiner	nor
åtta	determiner	swe	åtte	determiner	nor
nio	determiner	swe	ni	determiner	nor
tio	determiner	swe	ti	determiner	nor
hundra	determiner	swe	hundre	determiner	nor
tusen	determiner	swe	tusen	determiner	nor
mil	determiner	swe	mil	determiner	nor
första	adjective	swe	første	adjective	nor
andra	adjective	swe	andre	adjective	nor
artonde	adjective	swe	attande	adjective	nor
artonde	adjective	swe	attende	adjective	nor
femte	adjective	swe	femte	adjective	nor
femtionde	adjective	swe	femtiande	adjective	nor
femtionde	adjective	swe	femtiende	adjective	nor
femtonde	adjective	swe	femtande	adjective	nor
femtonde	adjective	swe	femtende	adjective	nor
fjortonde	adjective	swe	fjortande	adjective	nor
fjortonde	adjective	swe	fjortende	adjective	nor
fjärde	adjective	swe	fjerde	adjective	nor
fyrtionde	adjective	swe	førtiande	adjective	nor
fyrtionde	adjective	swe	førtiende	adjective	nor
hundrade	adjective	swe	hundrede	adjective	nor
miljon	adjective	swe	million	adjective	nor
miljonte	adjective	swe	millionte	adjective	nor
nionde	adjective	swe	niande	adjective	nor
nionde	adjective	swe	niende	adjective	nor
nittionde	adjective	swe	nittiande	adjective	nor
nittionde	adjective	swe	nittiende	adjective	nor
nittonde	adjective	swe	nittande	adjective	nor
nittonde	adjective	swe	nittende	adjective	nor
sextionde	adjective	swe	sekstiande	adjective	nor
sextionde	adjective	swe	sekstiende	adjective	nor
sextonde	adjective	swe	sekstande	adjective	nor
sextonde	adjective	swe	sekstende	adjective	nor
sjunde	adjective	swe	sjuande	adjective	nor
sjunde	adjective	swe	sjuende	adjective	nor
sjunde	adjective	swe	syvende	adjective	nor
sjuttionde	adjective	swe	syttiande	adjective	nor
sjuttionde	adjective	swe	syttiende	adjective	nor
sjuttonde	adjective	swe	syttande	adjective	nor
sjuttonde	adjective	swe	syttende	adjective	nor
sjätte	adjective	swe	sjette	adjective	nor
tredje	adjective	swe	tredje	adjective	nor
trettionde	adjective	swe	trettiande	adjective	nor
trettionde	adjective	swe	trettiende	adjective	nor
tusende	adjective	swe	tusende	adjective	nor
åttonde	adjective	swe	åttande	adjective	nor
åttonde	adjective	swe	åttende	adjective	nor
a-vitamin	noun	swe	a-vitamin	noun	nor
abbedissa	noun	swe	abbedisse	noun	nor
abborre	noun	swe	abbor	noun	nor
abborre	noun	swe	åbor	noun	nor
abbot	noun	swe	abbed	noun	nor
abbé	noun	swe	abbed	noun	nor
abdikation	noun	swe	abdikasjon	noun	nor
aberration	noun	swe	aberrasjon	noun	nor
ablativ	noun	swe	ablativ	noun	nor
abonnemang	noun	swe	abonnement	noun	nor
abonnent	noun	swe	abonnent	noun	nor
aborigin	noun	swe	aborigin	noun	nor
abort	noun	swe	abort	noun	nor
absolutism	noun	swe	absolutisme	noun	nor
abstinens	noun	swe	abstinens	noun	nor
abstrakt	noun	swe	abstrakt	noun	nor
abstraktion	noun	swe	abstraksjon	noun	nor
absurditet	noun	swe	absurditet	noun	nor
acceleration	noun	swe	akselerasjon	noun	nor
accent	noun	swe	aksent	noun	nor
accept	noun	swe	aksept	noun	nor
accept	noun	swe	aksept	noun	nor
aceton	noun	swe	aceton	noun	nor
acklamation	noun	swe	akklamasjon	noun	nor
ackompanjemang	noun	swe	akkompagnement	noun	nor
ackord	noun	swe	akkord	noun	nor
ackumulation	noun	swe	akkumulasjon	noun	nor
ackusativ	noun	swe	akkusativ	noun	nor
adaptation	noun	swe	adaptasjon	noun	nor
adaption	noun	swe	adapsjon	noun	nor
addition	noun	swe	addisjon	noun	nor
adel	noun	swe	adel	noun	nor
adelsbrev	noun	swe	adelsbrev	noun	nor
adelskalender	noun	swe	adelskalender	noun	nor
adelskap	noun	swe	adelskap	noun	nor
adelskap	noun	swe	adelskap	noun	nor
adelsprivilegium	noun	swe	adelsprivilegium	noun	nor
adjektiv	noun	swe	adjektiv	noun	nor
adjunkt	noun	swe	adjunkt	noun	nor
adjutant	noun	swe	adjutant	noun	nor
administration	noun	swe	administrasjon	noun	nor
administratör	noun	swe	administrator	noun	nor
adoption	noun	swe	adopsjon	noun	nor
adoptivbarn	noun	swe	adoptivbarn	noun	nor
adrenalin	noun	swe	adrenalin	noun	nor
adress	noun	swe	adresse	noun	nor
adressat	noun	swe	adressat	noun	nor
advent	noun	swe	advent	noun	nor
adventist	noun	swe	adventist	noun	nor
adventskalender	noun	swe	adventskalender	noun	nor
adverb	noun	swe	adverb	noun	nor
adverbial	noun	swe	adverbial	noun	nor
advers	noun	swe	ave	noun	nor
advokat	noun	swe	advokat	noun	nor
aerodynamik	noun	swe	aerodynamikk	noun	nor
aerosol	noun	swe	aerosol	noun	nor
affekt	noun	swe	affekt	noun	nor
affinitet	noun	swe	affinitet	noun	nor
affisch	noun	swe	plakat	noun	nor
affisch	noun	swe	poster	noun	nor
affix	noun	swe	affiks	noun	nor
affär	noun	swe	affære	noun	nor
affär	noun	swe	butikk	noun	nor
affär	noun	swe	forretning	noun	nor
affärsbank	noun	swe	handelsbank	noun	nor
affärsbrev	noun	swe	forretningsbrev	noun	nor
affärskedja	noun	swe	butikk-kjede	noun	nor
affärsman	noun	swe	forretningsmann	noun	nor
afghan	noun	swe	afghan	noun	nor
aga	noun	swe	ave	noun	nor
agat	noun	swe	agat	noun	nor
agenda	noun	swe	agenda	noun	nor
agent	noun	swe	agens	noun	nor
agent	noun	swe	agent	noun	nor
agent	noun	swe	spion	noun	nor
agentfilm	noun	swe	agentfilm	noun	nor
agentur	noun	swe	agentur	noun	nor
agerande	noun	swe	handel	noun	nor
agerande	noun	swe	handling	noun	nor
agg	noun	swe	agg	noun	nor
agg	noun	swe	nag	noun	nor
aggregat	noun	swe	aggregat	noun	nor
aggression	noun	swe	aggresjon	noun	nor
aggressivitet	noun	swe	aggressivitet	noun	nor
agitation	noun	swe	agitasjon	noun	nor
agitator	noun	swe	agitator	noun	nor
agrar	noun	swe	agrar	noun	nor
agronom	noun	swe	agronom	noun	nor
agronomi	noun	swe	agronomi	noun	nor
aids	noun	swe	aids	noun	nor
air	noun	swe	air	noun	nor
akademi	noun	swe	akademi	noun	nor
akantus	noun	swe	akantus	noun	nor
akilleshäl	noun	swe	akilleshæl	noun	nor
akrobat	noun	swe	akrobat	noun	nor
akrobatik	noun	swe	akrobatikk	noun	nor
akromegali	noun	swe	akromegali	noun	nor
akronym	noun	swe	akronym	noun	nor
akryl	noun	swe	akryl	noun	nor
akryl	noun	swe	akryl	noun	nor
aktie	noun	swe	aksje	noun	nor
aktiebolag	noun	swe	aksjeselskap	noun	nor
aktiebrev	noun	swe	aksje	noun	nor
aktiekapital	noun	swe	aksjekapital	noun	nor
aktiemajoritet	noun	swe	aksjemajoritet	noun	nor
aktieägare	noun	swe	aksjonær	noun	nor
aktion	noun	swe	aksjon	noun	nor
aktionsradie	noun	swe	aksjonsradius	noun	nor
aktivist	noun	swe	aktivist	noun	nor
aktivitet	noun	swe	aktivitet	noun	nor
aktivum	noun	swe	aktivum	noun	nor
aktor	noun	swe	aktor	noun	nor
aktris	noun	swe	skodespelar	noun	nor
aktris	noun	swe	skuespiller	noun	nor
aktris	noun	swe	skuespillerinne	noun	nor
aktualitet	noun	swe	aktualitet	noun	nor
aktör	noun	swe	aktør	noun	nor
aktör	noun	swe	skodespelar	noun	nor
aktör	noun	swe	skuespiller	noun	nor
akupunktur	noun	swe	akupunktur	noun	nor
akustik	noun	swe	akustikk	noun	nor
akut	noun	swe	akutt	noun	nor
akvakultur	noun	swe	akvakultur	noun	nor
akvarell	noun	swe	akvarell	noun	nor
akvariefisk	noun	swe	akvariefisk	noun	nor
akvavit	noun	swe	akevitt	noun	nor
al	noun	swe	or	noun	nor
alarm	noun	swe	alarm	noun	nor
alba	noun	swe	alba	noun	nor
albanska	noun	swe	albansk	noun	nor
albanska	noun	swe	albansk	noun	nor
albatross	noun	swe	albatross	noun	nor
albinism	noun	swe	albinisme	noun	nor
albino	noun	swe	albino	noun	nor
album	noun	swe	album	noun	nor
alfabet	noun	swe	alfabet	noun	nor
alg	noun	swe	alge	noun	nor
algebra	noun	swe	algebra	noun	nor
algoritm	noun	swe	algoritme	noun	nor
alibi	noun	swe	alibi	noun	nor
alkfågel	noun	swe	alkefugl	noun	nor
alkohol	noun	swe	alkohol	noun	nor
alkoholism	noun	swe	alkoholisme	noun	nor
alkoholist	noun	swe	alkoholikar	noun	nor
alkoholist	noun	swe	alkoholiker	noun	nor
alkoholist	noun	swe	alkoholist	noun	nor
alkyl	noun	swe	alkyl	noun	nor
allegori	noun	swe	allegori	noun	nor
allergi	noun	swe	allergi	noun	nor
allhelgonadag	noun	swe	allehelgensdag	noun	nor
allians	noun	swe	allianse	noun	nor
alligator	noun	swe	alligator	noun	nor
allmänprevention	noun	swe	allmennprevensjon	noun	nor
allrum	noun	swe	allrom	noun	nor
allting	noun	swe	allting	noun	nor
allusion	noun	swe	allusjon	noun	nor
allvar	noun	swe	alvor	noun	nor
allé	noun	swe	allé	noun	nor
alm	noun	swe	alm	noun	nor
almanacka	noun	swe	kalender	noun	nor
aloe	noun	swe	aloe	noun	nor
alpinist	noun	swe	alpinist	noun	nor
alstring	noun	swe	kreativitet	noun	nor
alt	noun	swe	alt	noun	nor
alt	noun	swe	alt	noun	nor
altan	noun	swe	altan	noun	nor
altare	noun	swe	alter	noun	nor
alteration	noun	swe	alterasjon	noun	nor
alternativ	noun	swe	alternativ	noun	nor
altruism	noun	swe	altruisme	noun	nor
aluminium	noun	swe	aluminium	noun	nor
aluminium	noun	swe	aluminium	noun	nor
amalgam	noun	swe	amalgam	noun	nor
amanuens	noun	swe	amanuens	noun	nor
amaryllis	noun	swe	amaryllis	noun	nor
amatör	noun	swe	amatør	noun	nor
ambassad	noun	swe	ambassade	noun	nor
ambassadör	noun	swe	ambassadør	noun	nor
ambition	noun	swe	ambisjon	noun	nor
ambivalens	noun	swe	ambivalens	noun	nor
ambrosia	noun	swe	ambrosia	noun	nor
ambulans	noun	swe	ambulanse	noun	nor
ambulerande	noun	swe	mobil	noun	nor
amerikan	noun	swe	amerikanar	noun	nor
amerikan	noun	swe	amerikaner	noun	nor
amerikanare	noun	swe	amerikanar	noun	nor
amerikanare	noun	swe	amerikaner	noun	nor
amerikanska	noun	swe	amerikansk	noun	nor
amerikanska	noun	swe	amerikansk	noun	nor
amfetamin	noun	swe	amfetamin	noun	nor
amiral	noun	swe	admiral	noun	nor
ammoniak	noun	swe	ammoniakk	noun	nor
ammunition	noun	swe	ammunisjon	noun	nor
amorin	noun	swe	amorin	noun	nor
amorin	noun	swe	erot	noun	nor
ampel	noun	swe	ampel	noun	nor
ampere	noun	swe	ampere	noun	nor
amplitud	noun	swe	amplitude	noun	nor
ampull	noun	swe	ampulle	noun	nor
amputation	noun	swe	amputasjon	noun	nor
amt	noun	swe	amt	noun	nor
amt	noun	swe	fylke	noun	nor
amulett	noun	swe	amulett	noun	nor
anakonda	noun	swe	anakonda	noun	nor
anakronism	noun	swe	anakronisme	noun	nor
analfabet	noun	swe	analfabet	noun	nor
analfabetism	noun	swe	analfabetisme	noun	nor
analogi	noun	swe	analogi	noun	nor
analys	noun	swe	analyse	noun	nor
ananas	noun	swe	ananas	noun	nor
anarki	noun	swe	anarki	noun	nor
anarkism	noun	swe	anarkisme	noun	nor
anarkist	noun	swe	anarkist	noun	nor
anatomi	noun	swe	anatomi	noun	nor
anbud	noun	swe	forslag	noun	nor
anciennitet	noun	swe	ansiennitet	noun	nor
and	noun	swe	and	noun	nor
anda	noun	swe	ande	noun	nor
anda	noun	swe	ånd	noun	nor
anda	noun	swe	ånde	noun	nor
andakt	noun	swe	andakt	noun	nor
ande	noun	swe	ånd	noun	nor
andedrag	noun	swe	andedrag	noun	nor
andel	noun	swe	andel	noun	nor
andel	noun	swe	del	noun	nor
andmat	noun	swe	andmat	noun	nor
andning	noun	swe	pust	noun	nor
andrake	noun	swe	andrik	noun	nor
andreaskors	noun	swe	andreaskors	noun	nor
anekdot	noun	swe	anekdote	noun	nor
anekdot	noun	swe	herme	noun	nor
anemi	noun	swe	anemi	noun	nor
anestesi	noun	swe	anestesi	noun	nor
anfall	noun	swe	anfall	noun	nor
anfall	noun	swe	angrep	noun	nor
anfall	noun	swe	overfall	noun	nor
anfall	noun	swe	åtak	noun	nor
anfallare	noun	swe	angriper	noun	nor
anfallare	noun	swe	åtakar	noun	nor
anfallsvinkel	noun	swe	innfallsvinkel	noun	nor
anförande	noun	swe	innlegg	noun	nor
anförande	noun	swe	tale	noun	nor
angina	noun	swe	angina	noun	nor
angrepp	noun	swe	angrep	noun	nor
angrepp	noun	swe	attakk	noun	nor
angrepp	noun	swe	åtak	noun	nor
angripare	noun	swe	angriper	noun	nor
angripare	noun	swe	åtakar	noun	nor
anhängare	noun	swe	tilhengar	noun	nor
anhängare	noun	swe	tilhenger	noun	nor
anhängare	noun	swe	tilhengjar	noun	nor
anhållan	noun	swe	anmodning	noun	nor
anhållan	noun	swe	oppfordring	noun	nor
anhörig	noun	swe	pårørande	noun	nor
anhörig	noun	swe	pårørende	noun	nor
animation	noun	swe	animasjon	noun	nor
anis	noun	swe	anis	noun	nor
anisett	noun	swe	anisette	noun	nor
anka	noun	swe	and	noun	nor
ankare	noun	swe	anker	noun	nor
tänkare	noun	swe	tenkjar	noun	nor
tänkare	noun	swe	tenker	noun	nor
ankdamm	noun	swe	andedam	noun	nor
anklagelse	noun	swe	anklage	noun	nor
anklagelse	noun	swe	klage	noun	nor
anklagelse	noun	swe	tiltale	noun	nor
anknytning	noun	swe	tilknyting	noun	nor
anknytning	noun	swe	tilknytning	noun	nor
ankomst	noun	swe	ankomst	noun	nor
ankomst	noun	swe	tilkomme	noun	nor
anlag	noun	swe	anlegg	noun	nor
anledning	noun	swe	anledning	noun	nor
anledning	noun	swe	grunn	noun	nor
anledning	noun	swe	høve	noun	nor
anlete	noun	swe	andlet	noun	nor
anlete	noun	swe	ansikt	noun	nor
anletsdrag	noun	swe	andletsdrag	noun	nor
anletsdrag	noun	swe	andletstrekk	noun	nor
anletsdrag	noun	swe	ansiktsdrag	noun	nor
anletsdrag	noun	swe	ansiktstrekk	noun	nor
anlopp	noun	swe	tilløp	noun	nor
anläggning	noun	swe	anlegg	noun	nor
anläggning	noun	swe	facilitet	noun	nor
anläggning	noun	swe	fasilitet	noun	nor
anmodan	noun	swe	anmodning	noun	nor
anmodan	noun	swe	oppfordring	noun	nor
anmärkning	noun	swe	merknad	noun	nor
annex	noun	swe	anneks	noun	nor
annons	noun	swe	annonse	noun	nor
anod	noun	swe	anode	noun	nor
anonymitet	noun	swe	anonymitet	noun	nor
anorak	noun	swe	anorakk	noun	nor
anorexi	noun	swe	anoreksi	noun	nor
anrättning	noun	swe	anretning	noun	nor
ansats	noun	swe	ansats	noun	nor
ansats	noun	swe	tilløp	noun	nor
anseende	noun	swe	anseelse	noun	nor
anseende	noun	swe	respekt	noun	nor
ansikte	noun	swe	andlet	noun	nor
ansikte	noun	swe	andlet	noun	nor
ansikte	noun	swe	ansikt	noun	nor
ansiktsdrag	noun	swe	andletsdrag	noun	nor
ansiktsdrag	noun	swe	andletstrekk	noun	nor
ansiktsdrag	noun	swe	ansiktsdrag	noun	nor
ansiktsdrag	noun	swe	ansiktstrekk	noun	nor
ansiktsuttryck	noun	swe	andletsuttrykk	noun	nor
ansiktsuttryck	noun	swe	ansiktsuttrykk	noun	nor
ansjovis	noun	swe	ansjos	noun	nor
anslag	noun	swe	anslag	noun	nor
anslag	noun	swe	oppslag	noun	nor
anslutning	noun	swe	forbindelse	noun	nor
anslutning	noun	swe	samband	noun	nor
anslutning	noun	swe	tilslutning	noun	nor
anslutning	noun	swe	tilslutting	noun	nor
anspråk	noun	swe	krav	noun	nor
anstalt	noun	swe	anstalt	noun	nor
ansträngning	noun	swe	anstrengelse	noun	nor
ansträngning	noun	swe	møde	noun	nor
ansträngning	noun	swe	møye	noun	nor
ansvar	noun	swe	ansvar	noun	nor
ansökan	noun	swe	søknad	noun	nor
ansökning	noun	swe	søknad	noun	nor
antabus	noun	swe	antabus	noun	nor
antagande	noun	swe	antakelse	noun	nor
antagande	noun	swe	føresetnad	noun	nor
antagonist	noun	swe	antagonist	noun	nor
antal	noun	swe	antall	noun	nor
antal	noun	swe	mengde	noun	nor
antal	noun	swe	talet på	noun	nor
antal	noun	swe	tal	noun	nor
anteckning	noun	swe	notat	noun	nor
anteckningsblock	noun	swe	skriveblokk	noun	nor
antenn	noun	swe	antenne	noun	nor
antihjälte	noun	swe	antihelt	noun	nor
antik	noun	swe	antikvitet	noun	nor
antiklimax	noun	swe	antiklimaks	noun	nor
antiklimax	noun	swe	antiklimaks	noun	nor
antikrist	noun	swe	antikrist	noun	nor
antikropp	noun	swe	antistoff	noun	nor
antikva	noun	swe	antikva	noun	nor
antikvariat	noun	swe	antikvariat	noun	nor
antikvarie	noun	swe	antikvar	noun	nor
antikvitet	noun	swe	antikvitet	noun	nor
antipati	noun	swe	antipati	noun	nor
antisemit	noun	swe	antisemitt	noun	nor
antisemitism	noun	swe	antisemittisme	noun	nor
antologi	noun	swe	antologi	noun	nor
antropolog	noun	swe	antropolog	noun	nor
antropologi	noun	swe	antropologi	noun	nor
antroposof	noun	swe	antroposof	noun	nor
antroposofi	noun	swe	antroposofi	noun	nor
anus	noun	swe	anus	noun	nor
användande	noun	swe	bruk	noun	nor
användande	noun	swe	nytte	noun	nor
användare	noun	swe	brukar	noun	nor
användare	noun	swe	bruker	noun	nor
användarnamn	noun	swe	brukarnamn	noun	nor
användarnamn	noun	swe	brukernavn	noun	nor
användning	noun	swe	bruk	noun	nor
användning	noun	swe	nytte	noun	nor
apa	noun	swe	ape	noun	nor
apa	noun	swe	apekatt	noun	nor
apart	noun	swe	særpreg	noun	nor
apartheid	noun	swe	apartheid	noun	nor
apati	noun	swe	apati	noun	nor
apelsin	noun	swe	appelsin	noun	nor
aperitif	noun	swe	aperitiff	noun	nor
apokalyps	noun	swe	apokalypse	noun	nor
apologet	noun	swe	apologet	noun	nor
apologi	noun	swe	apologi	noun	nor
apostel	noun	swe	apostel	noun	nor
apotek	noun	swe	apotek	noun	nor
apparat	noun	swe	apparat	noun	nor
apparatur	noun	swe	apparatur	noun	nor
apparition	noun	swe	apparisjon	noun	nor
appell	noun	swe	appell	noun	nor
appellant	noun	swe	appellant	noun	nor
appendix	noun	swe	appendiks	noun	nor
appendix	noun	swe	vedlegg	noun	nor
applikation	noun	swe	applikasjon	noun	nor
applåd	noun	swe	applaus	noun	nor
aprikos	noun	swe	aprikos	noun	nor
april	noun	swe	april	noun	nor
aptit	noun	swe	appetitt	noun	nor
ar	noun	swe	ar	noun	nor
ar	noun	swe	arr	noun	nor
arabiska	noun	swe	arabisk	noun	nor
arabiska	noun	swe	arabisk	noun	nor
arabist	noun	swe	arabist	noun	nor
arameiska	noun	swe	arameisk	noun	nor
arameiska	noun	swe	arameisk	noun	nor
arbetare	noun	swe	arbeidar	noun	nor
arbetare	noun	swe	arbeider	noun	nor
arbete	noun	swe	arbeid	noun	nor
arbete	noun	swe	arbeide	noun	nor
arbete	noun	swe	yrke	noun	nor
arbetsdag	noun	swe	arbeidsdag	noun	nor
arbetsförhållande	noun	swe	arbeidsforhold	noun	nor
arbetsgrupp	noun	swe	arbeidsgruppe	noun	nor
arbetsinsats	noun	swe	arbeidsinnsats	noun	nor
arbetskamrat	noun	swe	arbeidskamerat	noun	nor
arbetskonflikt	noun	swe	arbeidskonflikt	noun	nor
arbetskraft	noun	swe	arbeidskraft	noun	nor
arbetsliv	noun	swe	arbeidsliv	noun	nor
arbetsliv	noun	swe	yrkesliv	noun	nor
arbetslöshet	noun	swe	arbeidsledighet	noun	nor
arbetslöshet	noun	swe	arbeidsløshet	noun	nor
arbetslöshet	noun	swe	arbeidsløyse	noun	nor
arbetsmarknad	noun	swe	arbeidsmarknad	noun	nor
arbetsmiljö	noun	swe	arbeidsmiljø	noun	nor
arbetsnamn	noun	swe	arbeidstittel	noun	nor
arbetsnarkoman	noun	swe	arbeidsnarkoman	noun	nor
arbetsplats	noun	swe	arbeidsplass	noun	nor
arbetsstycke	noun	swe	arbeidsstykke	noun	nor
arbetsstyrka	noun	swe	arbeidsstyrke	noun	nor
arbetssätt	noun	swe	arbeidsmetode	noun	nor
arbetstakt	noun	swe	arbeidstempo	noun	nor
arbetstid	noun	swe	arbeidstid	noun	nor
arbetstillfälle	noun	swe	jobb	noun	nor
arbetstillstånd	noun	swe	arbeidsløyve	noun	nor
arbetstvist	noun	swe	arbeidskonflikt	noun	nor
areal	noun	swe	areal	noun	nor
arena	noun	swe	arena	noun	nor
argument	noun	swe	argument	noun	nor
argumentation	noun	swe	argumentasjon	noun	nor
aristokrat	noun	swe	aristokrat	noun	nor
aritmetik	noun	swe	aritmetikk	noun	nor
arkad	noun	swe	arkade	noun	nor
arkeologi	noun	swe	arkeologi	noun	nor
arketyp	noun	swe	arketyp	noun	nor
arkitekt	noun	swe	arkitekt	noun	nor
arkitektur	noun	swe	arkitektur	noun	nor
arkiv	noun	swe	arkiv	noun	nor
arm	noun	swe	arm	noun	nor
armada	noun	swe	armada	noun	nor
armatur	noun	swe	armatur	noun	nor
armband	noun	swe	armband	noun	nor
armband	noun	swe	armbånd	noun	nor
armbandsur	noun	swe	armbandsur	noun	nor
armbandsur	noun	swe	armbåndsur	noun	nor
armborst	noun	swe	armbrøst	noun	nor
armbrott	noun	swe	armbrot	noun	nor
armbrott	noun	swe	armbrudd	noun	nor
armeniska	noun	swe	armensk	noun	nor
armeniska	noun	swe	armensk	noun	nor
armeringsjärn	noun	swe	armeringsjern	noun	nor
armkrok	noun	swe	armkrok	noun	nor
armé	noun	swe	armé	noun	nor
arom	noun	swe	aroma	noun	nor
arr	noun	swe	arr	noun	nor
arrangemang	noun	swe	arrangement	noun	nor
arrangör	noun	swe	arrangør	noun	nor
arrest	noun	swe	arrest	noun	nor
arrestant	noun	swe	arrestant	noun	nor
arrogans	noun	swe	arroganse	noun	nor
arsenik	noun	swe	arsenikk	noun	nor
art	noun	swe	art	noun	nor
artikel	noun	swe	artikkel	noun	nor
artikel	noun	swe	oppsett	noun	nor
artilleri	noun	swe	artilleri	noun	nor
artillerield	noun	swe	artillerield	noun	nor
artist	noun	swe	artist	noun	nor
artär	noun	swe	arterie	noun	nor
arv	noun	swe	arv	noun	nor
arvegods	noun	swe	arvegods	noun	nor
arvfiende	noun	swe	arvefiende	noun	nor
arvföljd	noun	swe	arvefølge	noun	nor
arvföljd	noun	swe	arvefølgje	noun	nor
arvinge	noun	swe	arving	noun	nor
arvode	noun	swe	honorar	noun	nor
arvsanlag	noun	swe	arveanlegg	noun	nor
arvsfaktor	noun	swe	arveanlegg	noun	nor
arvskifte	noun	swe	skifte	noun	nor
arvsrätt	noun	swe	arverett	noun	nor
asbest	noun	swe	asbest	noun	nor
asfalt	noun	swe	asfalt	noun	nor
asiat	noun	swe	asiat	noun	nor
ask	noun	swe	ask	noun	nor
ask	noun	swe	eske	noun	nor
aska	noun	swe	aske	noun	nor
aska	noun	swe	falske	noun	nor
aska	noun	swe	oske	noun	nor
askenas	noun	swe	jøde	noun	nor
asket	noun	swe	asket	noun	nor
asp	noun	swe	asp	noun	nor
asp	noun	swe	osp	noun	nor
aspekt	noun	swe	aspekt	noun	nor
aspekt	noun	swe	aspekt	noun	nor
aspirant	noun	swe	aspirant	noun	nor
aspiration	noun	swe	aspirasjon	noun	nor
assessor	noun	swe	assessor	noun	nor
assimilation	noun	swe	assimilasjon	noun	nor
assistans	noun	swe	assistanse	noun	nor
assistent	noun	swe	assistent	noun	nor
association	noun	swe	assosiasjon	noun	nor
assonans	noun	swe	assonans	noun	nor
assurans	noun	swe	assuranse	noun	nor
asterisk	noun	swe	asterisk	noun	nor
asteroid	noun	swe	asteroide	noun	nor
astma	noun	swe	astma	noun	nor
astrofysik	noun	swe	astrofysikk	noun	nor
astrolog	noun	swe	astrolog	noun	nor
astrologi	noun	swe	astrologi	noun	nor
astronaut	noun	swe	astronaut	noun	nor
astronom	noun	swe	astronom	noun	nor
astronomi	noun	swe	astronomi	noun	nor
asyl	noun	swe	asyl	noun	nor
asymmetri	noun	swe	asymmetri	noun	nor
ateism	noun	swe	ateisme	noun	nor
ateist	noun	swe	ateist	noun	nor
atlas	noun	swe	atlas	noun	nor
atlas	noun	swe	atlas	noun	nor
atlas	noun	swe	kartverk	noun	nor
atlet	noun	swe	atlet	noun	nor
atmosfär	noun	swe	atmosfære	noun	nor
atoll	noun	swe	atoll	noun	nor
atom	noun	swe	atom	noun	nor
atomenergi	noun	swe	atomenergi	noun	nor
atomklocka	noun	swe	atomur	noun	nor
atomkärna	noun	swe	atomkjerne	noun	nor
atomnummer	noun	swe	atomnummer	noun	nor
atomreaktor	noun	swe	atomreaktor	noun	nor
atomubåt	noun	swe	atomubåt	noun	nor
atomur	noun	swe	atomur	noun	nor
attaché	noun	swe	attaché	noun	nor
attack	noun	swe	angrep	noun	nor
attack	noun	swe	attakk	noun	nor
attack	noun	swe	åtak	noun	nor
attentat	noun	swe	attentat	noun	nor
attest	noun	swe	attest	noun	nor
attityd	noun	swe	attityde	noun	nor
attityd	noun	swe	haldning	noun	nor
attityd	noun	swe	holdning	noun	nor
attraktion	noun	swe	attraksjon	noun	nor
attribut	noun	swe	attributt	noun	nor
aubergine	noun	swe	aubergine	noun	nor
audiens	noun	swe	audiens	noun	nor
auditorium	noun	swe	auditorium	noun	nor
augusti	noun	swe	august	noun	nor
auktion	noun	swe	auksjon	noun	nor
auktionist	noun	swe	auksjonarius	noun	nor
auktionsförrättare	noun	swe	auksjonarius	noun	nor
auktionsutropare	noun	swe	auksjonarius	noun	nor
auktorisation	noun	swe	autorisasjon	noun	nor
auktoritet	noun	swe	autoritet	noun	nor
aula	noun	swe	aula	noun	nor
aura	noun	swe	aura	noun	nor
autism	noun	swe	autisme	noun	nor
autodafé	noun	swe	autodafé	noun	nor
autodidakt	noun	swe	autodidakt	noun	nor
autograf	noun	swe	autograf	noun	nor
autoklav	noun	swe	autoklav	noun	nor
autokrat	noun	swe	autokrat	noun	nor
automat	noun	swe	automat	noun	nor
automatik	noun	swe	automatikk	noun	nor
automation	noun	swe	automasjon	noun	nor
automatvapen	noun	swe	automatvåpen	noun	nor
automobil	noun	swe	automobil	noun	nor
autonomi	noun	swe	autonomi	noun	nor
autonomi	noun	swe	sjølvstende	noun	nor
autopilot	noun	swe	autopilot	noun	nor
autostrada	noun	swe	autostrada	noun	nor
avancemang	noun	swe	promosjon	noun	nor
avantgardist	noun	swe	avantgardist	noun	nor
avbetalning	noun	swe	avdrag	noun	nor
avbild	noun	swe	avbilde	noun	nor
avbild	noun	swe	avbilde	noun	nor
avbrott	noun	swe	avbrot	noun	nor
avbrott	noun	swe	avbrudd	noun	nor
avbräck	noun	swe	avbrekk	noun	nor
avbytare	noun	swe	reserve	noun	nor
avdelning	noun	swe	avdeling	noun	nor
avdrag	noun	swe	avdrag	noun	nor
avdunstning	noun	swe	fordamping	noun	nor
avel	noun	swe	al	noun	nor
avel	noun	swe	al	noun	nor
avel	noun	swe	avl	noun	nor
avelshingst	noun	swe	avlshingst	noun	nor
avers	noun	swe	ave	noun	nor
aversion	noun	swe	aversjon	noun	nor
avfall	noun	swe	avfall	noun	nor
avfall	noun	swe	mo	noun	nor
avfall	noun	swe	rask	noun	nor
avfart	noun	swe	avart	noun	nor
avflöde	noun	swe	avløp	noun	nor
avföring	noun	swe	avføring	noun	nor
avföringsmedel	noun	swe	avføringsmiddel	noun	nor
avgift	noun	swe	avgift	noun	nor
avgift	noun	swe	gebyr	noun	nor
avglans	noun	swe	avglans	noun	nor
avgrund	noun	swe	avgrunn	noun	nor
avgud	noun	swe	avgud	noun	nor
avgång	noun	swe	avgang	noun	nor
avgångsklass	noun	swe	avgangsklasse	noun	nor
avgörande	noun	swe	avgjerd	noun	nor
avgörande	noun	swe	avgjersle	noun	nor
avgörande	noun	swe	avgjørelse	noun	nor
avhandling	noun	swe	avhandling	noun	nor
avis	noun	swe	avis	noun	nor
avkastning	noun	swe	avkastning	noun	nor
avkomma	noun	swe	avkom	noun	nor
avlopp	noun	swe	avløp	noun	nor
avmarsch	noun	swe	avmarsj	noun	nor
avocado	noun	swe	avokado	noun	nor
avokado	noun	swe	avokado	noun	nor
avsats	noun	swe	avsats	noun	nor
avseende	noun	swe	betydning	noun	nor
avseende	noun	swe	hensyn	noun	nor
avseende	noun	swe	omsyn	noun	nor
avseende	noun	swe	tyding	noun	nor
avsikt	noun	swe	føremål	noun	nor
avsikt	noun	swe	hensikt	noun	nor
avsked	noun	swe	avskil	noun	nor
avsked	noun	swe	avskjed	noun	nor
avsked	noun	swe	oppseiing	noun	nor
avsked	noun	swe	oppsigelse	noun	nor
avskildhet	noun	swe	isolasjon	noun	nor
avskrap	noun	swe	avfall	noun	nor
avskrap	noun	swe	mo	noun	nor
avskrap	noun	swe	rask	noun	nor
avskräde	noun	swe	avfall	noun	nor
avskräde	noun	swe	mo	noun	nor
avskräde	noun	swe	rask	noun	nor
avskum	noun	swe	avskum	noun	nor
avsky	noun	swe	avsky	noun	nor
avslag	noun	swe	avslag	noun	nor
avsmak	noun	swe	avsmak	noun	nor
avsnitt	noun	swe	avsnitt	noun	nor
avstamp	noun	swe	sats	noun	nor
avsteg	noun	swe	avvik	noun	nor
avstånd	noun	swe	avstand	noun	nor
avsändare	noun	swe	avsendar	noun	nor
avsändare	noun	swe	avsender	noun	nor
avtal	noun	swe	avtale	noun	nor
avtryck	noun	swe	avtrykk	noun	nor
avvikande	noun	swe	avvik	noun	nor
avvikelse	noun	swe	avvik	noun	nor
ax	noun	swe	aks	noun	nor
axel	noun	swe	akse	noun	nor
axelklaff	noun	swe	skulderklapp	noun	nor
axiom	noun	swe	aksiom	noun	nor
ayatolla	noun	swe	ayatolla	noun	nor
b-vitamin	noun	swe	b-vitamin	noun	nor
baby	noun	swe	baby	noun	nor
baby	noun	swe	spedbarn	noun	nor
back	noun	swe	back	noun	nor
backe	noun	swe	bakke	noun	nor
backe	noun	swe	brett	noun	nor
backe	noun	swe	kneik	noun	nor
backhand	noun	swe	backhand	noun	nor
bacon	noun	swe	bacon	noun	nor
bad	noun	swe	bad	noun	nor
badhus	noun	swe	dusjkabinett	noun	nor
badkar	noun	swe	badekar	noun	nor
badrum	noun	swe	baderom	noun	nor
badrum	noun	swe	dusjrom	noun	nor
badsalt	noun	swe	badesalt	noun	nor
bag	noun	swe	bag	noun	nor
bag	noun	swe	bak	noun	nor
bag	noun	swe	bak	noun	nor
bag	noun	swe	bakk	noun	nor
bagageutrymme	noun	swe	bagasjerom	noun	nor
bagare	noun	swe	bakar	noun	nor
bagare	noun	swe	baker	noun	nor
bageri	noun	swe	bakeri	noun	nor
baguette	noun	swe	bagett	noun	nor
bajonett	noun	swe	bajonett	noun	nor
bak	noun	swe	bag	noun	nor
bak	noun	swe	bak	noun	nor
bak	noun	swe	bak	noun	nor
bak	noun	swe	bakk	noun	nor
bak	noun	swe	bak	noun	nor
bak	noun	swe	bak	noun	nor
bakben	noun	swe	bakbein	noun	nor
bakben	noun	swe	bakben	noun	nor
bakdel	noun	swe	bakdel	noun	nor
bakfylla	noun	swe	bakrus	noun	nor
bakfylla	noun	swe	bakrus	noun	nor
bakgrund	noun	swe	bakgrunn	noun	nor
bakgrund	noun	swe	fond	noun	nor
bakgrundsmusik	noun	swe	bakgrunnsmusikk	noun	nor
bakkant	noun	swe	bakkant	noun	nor
bakljus	noun	swe	baklys	noun	nor
baklucka	noun	swe	bagasjerom	noun	nor
bakning	noun	swe	bakst	noun	nor
bakpulver	noun	swe	bakepulver	noun	nor
bakruta	noun	swe	bakrute	noun	nor
baksida	noun	swe	bakside	noun	nor
bakslag	noun	swe	bakslag	noun	nor
baksmälla	noun	swe	bakrus	noun	nor
baksmälla	noun	swe	bakrus	noun	nor
bakström	noun	swe	kjølvann	noun	nor
bakström	noun	swe	kjølvatn	noun	nor
bakstycke	noun	swe	bakstykke	noun	nor
bakterie	noun	swe	bakterie	noun	nor
bakteriekultur	noun	swe	bakteriekultur	noun	nor
bakverk	noun	swe	bakverk	noun	nor
bakväg	noun	swe	bakveg	noun	nor
bakväg	noun	swe	bakvei	noun	nor
bal	noun	swe	bal	noun	nor
bal	noun	swe	ball	noun	nor
bal	noun	swe	ball	noun	nor
balans	noun	swe	balanse	noun	nor
baldakin	noun	swe	baldakin	noun	nor
balett	noun	swe	ballett	noun	nor
balja	noun	swe	belg	noun	nor
balk	noun	swe	bjelke	noun	nor
balk	noun	swe	raft	noun	nor
balkong	noun	swe	balkong	noun	nor
ballad	noun	swe	ballade	noun	nor
ballast	noun	swe	ballast	noun	nor
ballong	noun	swe	ballong	noun	nor
balsal	noun	swe	ballsal	noun	nor
balsam	noun	swe	balsam	noun	nor
bambu	noun	swe	bambus	noun	nor
bana	noun	swe	bane	noun	nor
banalitet	noun	swe	banalitet	noun	nor
banan	noun	swe	banan	noun	nor
bananrepublik	noun	swe	bananrepublikk	noun	nor
band	noun	swe	band	noun	nor
band	noun	swe	bann	noun	nor
band	noun	swe	bind	noun	nor
band	noun	swe	bånd	noun	nor
bandit	noun	swe	banditt	noun	nor
bandy	noun	swe	bandy	noun	nor
bane	noun	swe	bane	noun	nor
baner	noun	swe	banner	noun	nor
banesår	noun	swe	banesår	noun	nor
banjo	noun	swe	banjo	noun	nor
bank	noun	swe	bank	noun	nor
bank	noun	swe	bank	noun	nor
bank	noun	swe	banke	noun	nor
bank	noun	swe	knakk	noun	nor
bank	noun	swe	knakk	noun	nor
bank	noun	swe	skrubb	noun	nor
bankett	noun	swe	bank	noun	nor
bankett	noun	swe	bank	noun	nor
bankett	noun	swe	knakk	noun	nor
bankett	noun	swe	knakk	noun	nor
bankett	noun	swe	skrubb	noun	nor
bankkonto	noun	swe	bankkonto	noun	nor
bann	noun	swe	band	noun	nor
bann	noun	swe	bann	noun	nor
bannbulla	noun	swe	bannbulle	noun	nor
banrekord	noun	swe	banerekord	noun	nor
bantning	noun	swe	slankekur	noun	nor
baptist	noun	swe	baptist	noun	nor
bar	noun	swe	bar	noun	nor
bar	noun	swe	bar	noun	nor
barack	noun	swe	låve	noun	nor
barbar	noun	swe	barbar	noun	nor
barberare	noun	swe	barber	noun	nor
bardisk	noun	swe	bardisk	noun	nor
bardun	noun	swe	bardun	noun	nor
barfrost	noun	swe	barfrost	noun	nor
bark	noun	swe	bark	noun	nor
bark	noun	swe	never	noun	nor
barlast	noun	swe	ballast	noun	nor
barmark	noun	swe	barmark	noun	nor
barn	noun	swe	barn	noun	nor
barnbarn	noun	swe	barnebarn	noun	nor
barnbidrag	noun	swe	barnebidrag	noun	nor
barndaghem	noun	swe	barnehage	noun	nor
barndom	noun	swe	barndom	noun	nor
barndop	noun	swe	barnedåp	noun	nor
barnhem	noun	swe	barneheim	noun	nor
barnmorska	noun	swe	jordmor	noun	nor
barnsko	noun	swe	barnesko	noun	nor
barnvakt	noun	swe	barnevakt	noun	nor
barock	noun	swe	barokk	noun	nor
barometer	noun	swe	barometer	noun	nor
baron	noun	swe	baron	noun	nor
barr	noun	swe	barre	noun	nor
barriär	noun	swe	barriere	noun	nor
barrskog	noun	swe	barskog	noun	nor
barrskog	noun	swe	nåleskog	noun	nor
barrträd	noun	swe	bartre	noun	nor
barrträd	noun	swe	nåletre	noun	nor
bartender	noun	swe	bartender	noun	nor
baryton	noun	swe	baryton	noun	nor
bas	noun	swe	base	noun	nor
basalt	noun	swe	basalt	noun	nor
basar	noun	swe	basar	noun	nor
baseball	noun	swe	baseball	noun	nor
basilika	noun	swe	basilika	noun	nor
basilika	noun	swe	basill	noun	nor
basilisk	noun	swe	basilisk	noun	nor
basis	noun	swe	basis	noun	nor
basist	noun	swe	bassist	noun	nor
basket	noun	swe	basketball	noun	nor
basketboll	noun	swe	basketball	noun	nor
baskiska	noun	swe	baskisk	noun	nor
baskiska	noun	swe	baskisk	noun	nor
basse	noun	swe	basse	noun	nor
bassäng	noun	swe	basseng	noun	nor
bastard	noun	swe	bastard	noun	nor
bastard	noun	swe	lausunge	noun	nor
bastion	noun	swe	bastion	noun	nor
bastu	noun	swe	badstue	noun	nor
bastu	noun	swe	sauna	noun	nor
basun	noun	swe	basun	noun	nor
batalj	noun	swe	batalje	noun	nor
bataljon	noun	swe	bataljon	noun	nor
batik	noun	swe	batikk	noun	nor
batteri	noun	swe	batteri	noun	nor
batteriradio	noun	swe	batteriradio	noun	nor
bautasten	noun	swe	bautastein	noun	nor
bauxit	noun	swe	bauksitt	noun	nor
bauxit	noun	swe	bauxitt	noun	nor
bazooka	noun	swe	bazooka	noun	nor
bebis	noun	swe	baby	noun	nor
bebyggelse	noun	swe	bebyggelse	noun	nor
bebyggelse	noun	swe	busetnad	noun	nor
becquerel	noun	swe	becquerel	noun	nor
bedrift	noun	swe	bedrift	noun	nor
bedrift	noun	swe	føretak	noun	nor
bedrägeri	noun	swe	bedrageri	noun	nor
beduin	noun	swe	beduin	noun	nor
bedömning	noun	swe	bedømmelse	noun	nor
bedömning	noun	swe	revisjon	noun	nor
bedömning	noun	swe	vurdering	noun	nor
befattning	noun	swe	stilling	noun	nor
befolkning	noun	swe	befolkning	noun	nor
befolkning	noun	swe	folkesetnad	noun	nor
befordran	noun	swe	promosjon	noun	nor
begonia	noun	swe	begonia	noun	nor
begravning	noun	swe	begravelse	noun	nor
begravning	noun	swe	gravlegging	noun	nor
begrepp	noun	swe	begrep	noun	nor
begrepp	noun	swe	omgrep	noun	nor
begränsning	noun	swe	begrensning	noun	nor
begynnelse	noun	swe	begynnelse	noun	nor
begynnelse	noun	swe	byrjing	noun	nor
begär	noun	swe	attrå	noun	nor
begär	noun	swe	beger	noun	nor
begär	noun	swe	begjær	noun	nor
begär	noun	swe	gir	noun	nor
begär	noun	swe	gir	noun	nor
begåvning	noun	swe	talent	noun	nor
begåvning	noun	swe	talent	noun	nor
behag	noun	swe	behag	noun	nor
behandling	noun	swe	behandling	noun	nor
behandling	noun	swe	førehaving	noun	nor
behandling	noun	swe	handsaming	noun	nor
behaviorism	noun	swe	behaviorisme	noun	nor
behov	noun	swe	behov	noun	nor
behållare	noun	swe	tank	noun	nor
behörighet	noun	swe	kompetanse	noun	nor
beklädnad	noun	swe	kledning	noun	nor
bekostnad	noun	swe	bekostning	noun	nor
bekostnad	noun	swe	regning	noun	nor
bekostnad	noun	swe	rekning	noun	nor
bekräftelse	noun	swe	bekreftelse	noun	nor
bekräftelse	noun	swe	stadfesting	noun	nor
belopp	noun	swe	beløp	noun	nor
belägenhet	noun	swe	beliggenhet	noun	nor
belägenhet	noun	swe	plassering	noun	nor
belägg	noun	swe	belegg	noun	nor
beläggning	noun	swe	belegg	noun	nor
bemärkelse	noun	swe	betydning	noun	nor
bemärkelse	noun	swe	tyding	noun	nor
bemärkelsedag	noun	swe	betydning	noun	nor
bemärkelsedag	noun	swe	tyding	noun	nor
ben	noun	swe	bein	noun	nor
ben	noun	swe	ben	noun	nor
benjamin	noun	swe	benjamin	noun	nor
benmjöl	noun	swe	beinmel	noun	nor
benmjöl	noun	swe	beinmjøl	noun	nor
bensin	noun	swe	bensin	noun	nor
bensinmack	noun	swe	bensinstasjon	noun	nor
bensinmotor	noun	swe	bensinmotor	noun	nor
bensinstation	noun	swe	bensinstasjon	noun	nor
bensintank	noun	swe	bensintank	noun	nor
benägenhet	noun	swe	hang	noun	nor
benägenhet	noun	swe	tilbøyelighet	noun	nor
benägenhet	noun	swe	tilhug	noun	nor
benämning	noun	swe	benevnelse	noun	nor
benämning	noun	swe	betegnelse	noun	nor
benämning	noun	swe	nemne	noun	nor
benämning	noun	swe	nemning	noun	nor
beredning	noun	swe	forarbeid	noun	nor
beredning	noun	swe	forberedelse	noun	nor
beredning	noun	swe	førebuing	noun	nor
berg	noun	swe	berg	noun	nor
berg	noun	swe	fjell	noun	nor
bergart	noun	swe	bergart	noun	nor
berggrund	noun	swe	berggrunn	noun	nor
bergskedja	noun	swe	fjellkjede	noun	nor
bergstopp	noun	swe	bergnabb	noun	nor
bergstopp	noun	swe	bergnebb	noun	nor
bergstopp	noun	swe	fjelltopp	noun	nor
bergstopp	noun	swe	hovde	noun	nor
beriberi	noun	swe	beriberi	noun	nor
beroende	noun	swe	avhengighet	noun	nor
beroende	noun	swe	avhengnad	noun	nor
beräkning	noun	swe	kalkyle	noun	nor
berättare	noun	swe	forteljar	noun	nor
berättare	noun	swe	forteller	noun	nor
berättelse	noun	swe	beretning	noun	nor
berättelse	noun	swe	forteljing	noun	nor
berättelse	noun	swe	fortelling	noun	nor
beröm	noun	swe	godlåt	noun	nor
beröm	noun	swe	godord	noun	nor
beröm	noun	swe	skryt	noun	nor
berömmelse	noun	swe	berømmelse	noun	nor
berömmelse	noun	swe	frægd	noun	nor
berömmelse	noun	swe	ry	noun	nor
beskattning	noun	swe	likning	noun	nor
besked	noun	swe	beskjed	noun	nor
besked	noun	swe	melding	noun	nor
besked	noun	swe	svar	noun	nor
beskrivning	noun	swe	beskrivelse	noun	nor
beskrivning	noun	swe	skildring	noun	nor
beskydd	noun	swe	beskyttelse	noun	nor
beskydd	noun	swe	vern	noun	nor
beskärm	noun	swe	beskyttelse	noun	nor
beskärm	noun	swe	vern	noun	nor
beslag	noun	swe	beslag	noun	nor
beslut	noun	swe	avgjerd	noun	nor
beslut	noun	swe	avgjørelse	noun	nor
beslut	noun	swe	beslutning	noun	nor
beslut	noun	swe	dekret	noun	nor
best	noun	swe	dyr	noun	nor
bestick	noun	swe	bestikk	noun	nor
bestick	noun	swe	bestikk	noun	nor
bestick	noun	swe	dekketøy	noun	nor
bestämmelse	noun	swe	avgjerd	noun	nor
bestämmelse	noun	swe	bestemmelse	noun	nor
bestånd	noun	swe	bistand	noun	nor
besvikelse	noun	swe	skuffelse	noun	nor
besvikelse	noun	swe	vonbrot	noun	nor
besvikelse	noun	swe	vonbrot	noun	nor
besvär	noun	swe	besvær	noun	nor
besvär	noun	swe	bry	noun	nor
besvär	noun	swe	plunder	noun	nor
besvärsskrift	noun	swe	klageskriv	noun	nor
besättning	noun	swe	besetning	noun	nor
besättning	noun	swe	mannskap	noun	nor
besättning	noun	swe	mannskap	noun	nor
besök	noun	swe	besøk	noun	nor
besök	noun	swe	gjesting	noun	nor
besök	noun	swe	vitjing	noun	nor
besökare	noun	swe	besøkande	noun	nor
besökare	noun	swe	besøkende	noun	nor
beta	noun	swe	beta	noun	nor
betalning	noun	swe	betaling	noun	nor
betalningsbalans	noun	swe	betalingsbalanse	noun	nor
beteckning	noun	swe	betegnelse	noun	nor
beteckning	noun	swe	nemning	noun	nor
beteende	noun	swe	adferd	noun	nor
beteende	noun	swe	atferd	noun	nor
beteende	noun	swe	framferd	noun	nor
beteende	noun	swe	vandel	noun	nor
beteende	noun	swe	åtferd	noun	nor
beteende	noun	swe	åtferd	noun	nor
betong	noun	swe	betong	noun	nor
betongbädd	noun	swe	betongfundament	noun	nor
betonggolv	noun	swe	betonggolv	noun	nor
bett	noun	swe	bete	noun	nor
bett	noun	swe	bit	noun	nor
bett	noun	swe	bit	noun	nor
bett	noun	swe	bitt	noun	nor
betydande	noun	swe	betydning	noun	nor
betydande	noun	swe	tyding	noun	nor
betydelse	noun	swe	betydning	noun	nor
betydelse	noun	swe	tyding	noun	nor
betyg	noun	swe	karakter	noun	nor
betygsskala	noun	swe	karakterskala	noun	nor
bevis	noun	swe	bevis	noun	nor
bevis	noun	swe	prov	noun	nor
bevisning	noun	swe	bevis	noun	nor
bevisning	noun	swe	prov	noun	nor
bh	noun	swe	bh	noun	nor
bi	noun	swe	bie	noun	nor
bibel	noun	swe	bibel	noun	nor
bibelcitat	noun	swe	bibelsitat	noun	nor
bibelhandskrift	noun	swe	bibelhandskrift	noun	nor
bibelhandskrift	noun	swe	bibelhåndskrift	noun	nor
bibelord	noun	swe	bibelord	noun	nor
bibliografi	noun	swe	bibliografi	noun	nor
bibliotek	noun	swe	bibliotek	noun	nor
biceps	noun	swe	biceps	noun	nor
bidrag	noun	swe	bidrag	noun	nor
bidragsförskott	noun	swe	barnebidrag	noun	nor
biennal	noun	swe	biennale	noun	nor
biff	noun	swe	biff	noun	nor
bigamist	noun	swe	bigamist	noun	nor
bihang	noun	swe	vedheng	noun	nor
bikini	noun	swe	bikini	noun	nor
biktstol	noun	swe	skriftestol	noun	nor
bikupa	noun	swe	bikube	noun	nor
bil	noun	swe	bil	noun	nor
bilbatteri	noun	swe	bilbatteri	noun	nor
bild	noun	swe	bilde	noun	nor
bild	noun	swe	bilde	noun	nor
bildning	noun	swe	daning	noun	nor
bildning	noun	swe	dannelse	noun	nor
bildning	noun	swe	danning	noun	nor
bildskärm	noun	swe	bildeskjerm	noun	nor
bildskärm	noun	swe	biletskjerm	noun	nor
bildäck	noun	swe	bildekk	noun	nor
bilfabrik	noun	swe	bilfabrikk	noun	nor
bilförare	noun	swe	bilførar	noun	nor
bilförare	noun	swe	bilfører	noun	nor
bilism	noun	swe	motorsport	noun	nor
bilist	noun	swe	bilist	noun	nor
biljard	noun	swe	biljard	noun	nor
biljardbord	noun	swe	biljardbord	noun	nor
biljardsalong	noun	swe	biljardsalong	noun	nor
biljett	noun	swe	billett	noun	nor
biljettkontor	noun	swe	billettkontor	noun	nor
biljettkontroll	noun	swe	billettkontroll	noun	nor
biljettvisering	noun	swe	billettkontroll	noun	nor
billiard	noun	swe	biljard	noun	nor
billion	noun	swe	billion	noun	nor
bilmotor	noun	swe	bilmotor	noun	nor
bilmärke	noun	swe	bilmerke	noun	nor
bilnummer	noun	swe	bilnummer	noun	nor
bilpark	noun	swe	bilpark	noun	nor
bilradio	noun	swe	bilradio	noun	nor
bilstöld	noun	swe	biltjuveri	noun	nor
bilstöld	noun	swe	biltyveri	noun	nor
biltrafik	noun	swe	biltrafikk	noun	nor
biltur	noun	swe	biltur	noun	nor
bilväg	noun	swe	bilveg	noun	nor
bilväg	noun	swe	bilvei	noun	nor
bind	noun	swe	bind	noun	nor
binda	noun	swe	bind	noun	nor
bindel	noun	swe	bind	noun	nor
bindemedel	noun	swe	bindemiddel	noun	nor
bindning	noun	swe	binding	noun	nor
bingo	noun	swe	bingo	noun	nor
bio	noun	swe	biograf	noun	nor
bio	noun	swe	kino	noun	nor
biobiljett	noun	swe	kinobillett	noun	nor
biograf	noun	swe	biograf	noun	nor
biograf	noun	swe	kino	noun	nor
biografi	noun	swe	biografi	noun	nor
biokemi	noun	swe	biokjemi	noun	nor
biolog	noun	swe	biolog	noun	nor
biologi	noun	swe	biologi	noun	nor
biomedicin	noun	swe	biomedisin	noun	nor
biosfär	noun	swe	biosfære	noun	nor
biotop	noun	swe	biotop	noun	nor
biperson	noun	swe	biperson	noun	nor
biprodukt	noun	swe	biprodukt	noun	nor
bisak	noun	swe	biting	noun	nor
biskop	noun	swe	biskop	noun	nor
biskopsdöme	noun	swe	bispedøme	noun	nor
biskopsdöme	noun	swe	bispedømme	noun	nor
bisköldkörtel	noun	swe	skjoldbruskkjertel	noun	nor
biskötsel	noun	swe	biavl	noun	nor
bismak	noun	swe	bismak	noun	nor
bison	noun	swe	bison	noun	nor
bisp	noun	swe	bisp	noun	nor
bistro	noun	swe	bistro	noun	nor
bistånd	noun	swe	bistand	noun	nor
bistånd	noun	swe	hjelp	noun	nor
bisvärm	noun	swe	bisverm	noun	nor
bit	noun	swe	bete	noun	nor
bit	noun	swe	bit	noun	nor
bit	noun	swe	bit	noun	nor
bit	noun	swe	bitt	noun	nor
bit	noun	swe	bolk	noun	nor
bit	noun	swe	stykke	noun	nor
biträde	noun	swe	hjelp	noun	nor
bjäbb	noun	swe	pølsevev	noun	nor
bjäbb	noun	swe	tull	noun	nor
bjäbb	noun	swe	tøys	noun	nor
bjäbb	noun	swe	vrøvl	noun	nor
bjälke	noun	swe	bjelke	noun	nor
bjälke	noun	swe	raft	noun	nor
bjässe	noun	swe	kjempe	noun	nor
björk	noun	swe	bjerk	noun	nor
björk	noun	swe	bjørk	noun	nor
björn	noun	swe	bjørn	noun	nor
björnskinn	noun	swe	bjørneskinn	noun	nor
black	noun	swe	livd	noun	nor
black	noun	swe	live	noun	nor
black	noun	swe	ly	noun	nor
blad	noun	swe	blad	noun	nor
bladder	noun	swe	pølsevev	noun	nor
bladder	noun	swe	tull	noun	nor
bladder	noun	swe	tøys	noun	nor
bladder	noun	swe	vrøvl	noun	nor
bladguld	noun	swe	bladgull	noun	nor
bladverk	noun	swe	bladverk	noun	nor
blaj	noun	swe	pjatt	noun	nor
blandning	noun	swe	blanding	noun	nor
blandningskran	noun	swe	blandebatteri	noun	nor
blandspråk	noun	swe	blandingsspråk	noun	nor
blankett	noun	swe	blankett	noun	nor
blasfemi	noun	swe	blasfemi	noun	nor
blaska	noun	swe	avis	noun	nor
blazer	noun	swe	blazer	noun	nor
blazer	noun	swe	bleser	noun	nor
blekansikte	noun	swe	bleikandlet	noun	nor
blekansikte	noun	swe	bleikansikt	noun	nor
blekansikte	noun	swe	blekansikt	noun	nor
bleking	noun	swe	bleiking	noun	nor
bleking	noun	swe	bleking	noun	nor
blekmedel	noun	swe	bleikemiddel	noun	nor
blekmedel	noun	swe	blekemiddel	noun	nor
blick	noun	swe	blikk	noun	nor
blickfält	noun	swe	synsfelt	noun	nor
blickfång	noun	swe	blikkfang	noun	nor
blickpunkt	noun	swe	fokus	noun	nor
blindspår	noun	swe	blindspor	noun	nor
blindtarm	noun	swe	blindtarm	noun	nor
blindtarmsinflammation	noun	swe	blindtarmbetennelse	noun	nor
blindtarmsinflammation	noun	swe	blindtarmsbetennelse	noun	nor
blindtarmsinflammation	noun	swe	blindtarmsinflammasjon	noun	nor
blinker	noun	swe	blinklys	noun	nor
blixt	noun	swe	blits	noun	nor
blixt	noun	swe	lyn	noun	nor
blixtljus	noun	swe	blitslys	noun	nor
blixtvisit	noun	swe	lynvisitt	noun	nor
block	noun	swe	blokk	noun	nor
blockad	noun	swe	blokade	noun	nor
blockering	noun	swe	blokade	noun	nor
blockering	noun	swe	blokkering	noun	nor
blockflöjt	noun	swe	blokkfløyte	noun	nor
blod	noun	swe	blod	noun	nor
blodapelsin	noun	swe	blodappelsin	noun	nor
blodbad	noun	swe	blodbad	noun	nor
blodbank	noun	swe	blodbank	noun	nor
blodbrist	noun	swe	blodmangel	noun	nor
blodflöde	noun	swe	blodstraum	noun	nor
blodflöde	noun	swe	blodstrøm	noun	nor
blodhund	noun	swe	blodhund	noun	nor
blodkärl	noun	swe	blodkar	noun	nor
blodmat	noun	swe	blodmat	noun	nor
blodplasma	noun	swe	blodplasma	noun	nor
blodpropp	noun	swe	blodpropp	noun	nor
blodprov	noun	swe	blodprøve	noun	nor
blodpöl	noun	swe	blodpøl	noun	nor
blodsdroppe	noun	swe	bloddråpe	noun	nor
blodsdroppe	noun	swe	blodsdråpe	noun	nor
blodserum	noun	swe	blodserum	noun	nor
blodtryck	noun	swe	blodtrykk	noun	nor
blodtyp	noun	swe	blodtype	noun	nor
blodtörst	noun	swe	blodtørst	noun	nor
blogg	noun	swe	blogg	noun	nor
blom	noun	swe	blom	noun	nor
blomkorg	noun	swe	blomsterstand	noun	nor
blomkål	noun	swe	blomkål	noun	nor
blomma	noun	swe	blomster	noun	nor
blomma	noun	swe	blomst	noun	nor
blomst	noun	swe	blomster	noun	nor
blomst	noun	swe	blomst	noun	nor
blomster	noun	swe	blomster	noun	nor
blomster	noun	swe	blomst	noun	nor
blomsteraffär	noun	swe	blomsterbutikk	noun	nor
blomsterhandel	noun	swe	blomsterhandel	noun	nor
blomsterträdgård	noun	swe	blomsterhage	noun	nor
blomställning	noun	swe	blomsterstand	noun	nor
bloss	noun	swe	blaff	noun	nor
bloss	noun	swe	bluss	noun	nor
blot	noun	swe	blot	noun	nor
bludder	noun	swe	sludder	noun	nor
bludder	noun	swe	tøv	noun	nor
blues	noun	swe	blues	noun	nor
blund	noun	swe	blund	noun	nor
blunder	noun	swe	blunder	noun	nor
blunder	noun	swe	bommert	noun	nor
blunder	noun	swe	flause	noun	nor
blunder	noun	swe	lapsus	noun	nor
blus	noun	swe	bluse	noun	nor
bly	noun	swe	bly	noun	nor
blyertspenna	noun	swe	blyant	noun	nor
blyglas	noun	swe	blyglas	noun	nor
blyglas	noun	swe	blyglass	noun	nor
bläckfisk	noun	swe	akkar	noun	nor
bläckfisk	noun	swe	blekksprut	noun	nor
bläckfisk	noun	swe	blekksprute	noun	nor
bländverk	noun	swe	blendverk	noun	nor
bläs	noun	swe	bles	noun	nor
blåbär	noun	swe	blåbær	noun	nor
blågrönalg	noun	swe	blågrønalge	noun	nor
blågrönalg	noun	swe	blågrønnalge	noun	nor
blåis	noun	swe	blåis	noun	nor
blåräv	noun	swe	blårev	noun	nor
blåsa	noun	swe	blåse	noun	nor
blåsa	noun	swe	blære	noun	nor
blåsinstrument	noun	swe	blåseinstrument	noun	nor
blåsjuka	noun	swe	hjartefeil	noun	nor
blåsjuka	noun	swe	hjertefeil	noun	nor
blåst	noun	swe	blest	noun	nor
blåst	noun	swe	blåst	noun	nor
blåställ	noun	swe	kjeledress	noun	nor
blåstång	noun	swe	blæretang	noun	nor
blåval	noun	swe	blåhval	noun	nor
blåval	noun	swe	blåkval	noun	nor
blåved	noun	swe	blåved	noun	nor
blötdjur	noun	swe	blautdyr	noun	nor
blötdjur	noun	swe	bløtdyr	noun	nor
blötdjur	noun	swe	mollusk	noun	nor
bo	noun	swe	bo	noun	nor
bo	noun	swe	bu	noun	nor
boa	noun	swe	boa	noun	nor
bod	noun	swe	bu	noun	nor
bod	noun	swe	bod	noun	nor
bod	noun	swe	naust	noun	nor
bod	noun	swe	skur	noun	nor
bodega	noun	swe	bodega	noun	nor
bofink	noun	swe	bokfink	noun	nor
bog	noun	swe	baug	noun	nor
bog	noun	swe	bog	noun	nor
bog	noun	swe	bogsteik	noun	nor
bog	noun	swe	bogstek	noun	nor
bohag	noun	swe	heimel	noun	nor
bohag	noun	swe	innbo	noun	nor
bohag	noun	swe	innbu	noun	nor
bohem	noun	swe	bohem	noun	nor
boj	noun	swe	bøye	noun	nor
bojar	noun	swe	bojar	noun	nor
bok	noun	swe	bog	noun	nor
bok	noun	swe	bok	noun	nor
bokbuss	noun	swe	bokbuss	noun	nor
bokhandel	noun	swe	bokhandel	noun	nor
bokkasse	noun	swe	bokkasse	noun	nor
bokklubb	noun	swe	bokklubb	noun	nor
bokmal	noun	swe	bokorm	noun	nor
bokmål	noun	swe	bokmål	noun	nor
bokskog	noun	swe	bøkeskog	noun	nor
bokslut	noun	swe	status	noun	nor
bokstav	noun	swe	bokstav	noun	nor
boktryckeri	noun	swe	boktrykkeri	noun	nor
bokverk	noun	swe	bokserie	noun	nor
bokverk	noun	swe	bokverk	noun	nor
bolag	noun	swe	selskap	noun	nor
bolero	noun	swe	bolero	noun	nor
boll	noun	swe	ball	noun	nor
boll	noun	swe	ball	noun	nor
bollträ	noun	swe	balltre	noun	nor
bolsjevik	noun	swe	bolsjevik	noun	nor
bolån	noun	swe	boliglån	noun	nor
bolån	noun	swe	bustadlån	noun	nor
bom	noun	swe	bom	noun	nor
bomb	noun	swe	bombe	noun	nor
bombanfall	noun	swe	bombeangrep	noun	nor
bombardemang	noun	swe	bombardement	noun	nor
bombattentat	noun	swe	bombeattentat	noun	nor
bomull	noun	swe	bomull	noun	nor
bomärke	noun	swe	bumerke	noun	nor
bonde	noun	swe	bonde	noun	nor
bondekultur	noun	swe	bondekultur	noun	nor
bondesamhälle	noun	swe	bondesamfunn	noun	nor
bondgård	noun	swe	bondegard	noun	nor
bondgård	noun	swe	gard	noun	nor
bondgård	noun	swe	gård	noun	nor
bong	noun	swe	bong	noun	nor
boningshus	noun	swe	stuehus	noun	nor
bonitet	noun	swe	bonitet	noun	nor
bonjour	noun	swe	bonjour	noun	nor
bonus	noun	swe	bonus	noun	nor
bookmaker	noun	swe	bookmaker	noun	nor
boom	noun	swe	boom	noun	nor
bor	noun	swe	bor	noun	nor
bor	noun	swe	bor	noun	nor
bor	noun	swe	navar	noun	nor
bord	noun	swe	bord	noun	nor
bord	noun	swe	bord	noun	nor
bordduk	noun	swe	dogg	noun	nor
bordduk	noun	swe	dugg	noun	nor
bordduk	noun	swe	duk	noun	nor
bordeaux	noun	swe	bordeaux	noun	nor
bordell	noun	swe	bordell	noun	nor
bordell	noun	swe	bordell	noun	nor
bordsben	noun	swe	bordbein	noun	nor
bordtennis	noun	swe	bordtennis	noun	nor
borg	noun	swe	borg	noun	nor
borgfred	noun	swe	borgfred	noun	nor
borgmästare	noun	swe	borgarmeister	noun	nor
borgmästare	noun	swe	borgermester	noun	nor
borgruin	noun	swe	borgruin	noun	nor
borr	noun	swe	bor	noun	nor
borr	noun	swe	bor	noun	nor
borr	noun	swe	navar	noun	nor
borrtorn	noun	swe	boretårn	noun	nor
borste	noun	swe	børste	noun	nor
bortfall	noun	swe	bortfall	noun	nor
bortgång	noun	swe	bortgang	noun	nor
bortovaro	noun	swe	skoft	noun	nor
bortovaro	noun	swe	skoft	noun	nor
bortända	noun	swe	bakende	noun	nor
boskap	noun	swe	naut	noun	nor
boskifte	noun	swe	skifte	noun	nor
boss	noun	swe	dust	noun	nor
boss	noun	swe	dust	noun	nor
boss	noun	swe	im	noun	nor
boss	noun	swe	støv	noun	nor
boss	noun	swe	boss	noun	nor
boss	noun	swe	boss	noun	nor
boss	noun	swe	sjef	noun	nor
bostad	noun	swe	bolig	noun	nor
bostad	noun	swe	bustad	noun	nor
bostadshus	noun	swe	bolighus	noun	nor
bostadshus	noun	swe	bustadhus	noun	nor
boston	noun	swe	boston	noun	nor
bosättning	noun	swe	bosetning	noun	nor
bot	noun	swe	bot	noun	nor
botanik	noun	swe	botanikk	noun	nor
botten	noun	swe	botn	noun	nor
botten	noun	swe	bunn	noun	nor
botten	noun	swe	tel	noun	nor
boulevard	noun	swe	boulevard	noun	nor
boulevard	noun	swe	bulevard	noun	nor
bouquet	noun	swe	bouquet	noun	nor
boutique	noun	swe	boutique	noun	nor
bov	noun	swe	skurk	noun	nor
bowling	noun	swe	bowling	noun	nor
box	noun	swe	boks	noun	nor
brand	noun	swe	brand	noun	nor
brand	noun	swe	brann	noun	nor
brand	noun	swe	brune	noun	nor
brandalarm	noun	swe	brannalarm	noun	nor
brandbil	noun	swe	brannbil	noun	nor
brandchef	noun	swe	brannsjef	noun	nor
brandfackla	noun	swe	brannfakkel	noun	nor
brandförsvar	noun	swe	brannvern	noun	nor
brandinspektör	noun	swe	branninspektør	noun	nor
brandlarm	noun	swe	brannalarm	noun	nor
brandmur	noun	swe	brannmur	noun	nor
brandskydd	noun	swe	brannvern	noun	nor
brandslang	noun	swe	brannslange	noun	nor
brandstation	noun	swe	brannstasjon	noun	nor
brandy	noun	swe	brandy	noun	nor
bransch	noun	swe	bransje	noun	nor
brant	noun	swe	skrent	noun	nor
brasa	noun	swe	bål	noun	nor
bredd	noun	swe	bredde	noun	nor
bredd	noun	swe	breidde	noun	nor
bredd	noun	swe	breidde	noun	nor
breddgrad	noun	swe	breddegrad	noun	nor
breddgrad	noun	swe	breiddegrad	noun	nor
breddgrad	noun	swe	latitude	noun	nor
brev	noun	swe	brev	noun	nor
brevinkast	noun	swe	brevsprekk	noun	nor
brevlåda	noun	swe	postkasse	noun	nor
brevpapper	noun	swe	brevpapir	noun	nor
bridge	noun	swe	bridge	noun	nor
brigad	noun	swe	brigade	noun	nor
brikett	noun	swe	brikett	noun	nor
brilliant	noun	swe	briljant	noun	nor
bringa	noun	swe	bringe	noun	nor
brist	noun	swe	brest	noun	nor
brist	noun	swe	brist	noun	nor
brist	noun	swe	mangel	noun	nor
britt	noun	swe	brite	noun	nor
bro	noun	swe	bro	noun	nor
bro	noun	swe	bru	noun	nor
broccoli	noun	swe	brokkoli	noun	nor
broder	noun	swe	broder	noun	nor
broder	noun	swe	bror	noun	nor
broderfolk	noun	swe	broderfolk	noun	nor
brodergarn	noun	swe	brodergarn	noun	nor
broderland	noun	swe	broderland	noun	nor
brok	noun	swe	brokk	noun	nor
brok	noun	swe	brokk	noun	nor
brokad	noun	swe	brokade	noun	nor
brom	noun	swe	brom	noun	nor
broms	noun	swe	brems	noun	nor
bromsljus	noun	swe	bremselys	noun	nor
bromssystem	noun	swe	bremsesystem	noun	nor
brons	noun	swe	bronse	noun	nor
bronsmedalj	noun	swe	bronsemedalje	noun	nor
bror	noun	swe	broder	noun	nor
bror	noun	swe	bror	noun	nor
brorsbarn	noun	swe	søskenbarn	noun	nor
brorson	noun	swe	brorson	noun	nor
brorson	noun	swe	brorsønn	noun	nor
brosch	noun	swe	brosje	noun	nor
broschyr	noun	swe	brosjyre	noun	nor
brosk	noun	swe	brusk	noun	nor
brott	noun	swe	brot	noun	nor
brott	noun	swe	brott	noun	nor
brott	noun	swe	forbrytelse	noun	nor
brott	noun	swe	lovbrot	noun	nor
brott	noun	swe	lovbrudd	noun	nor
brottsbalk	noun	swe	straffelov	noun	nor
brottslighet	noun	swe	forbrytelse	noun	nor
brottslighet	noun	swe	kriminalitet	noun	nor
brottslighet	noun	swe	lovbrot	noun	nor
brud	noun	swe	brud	noun	nor
brud	noun	swe	brur	noun	nor
brudgum	noun	swe	brudgom	noun	nor
brudklänning	noun	swe	brudekjole	noun	nor
brudpar	noun	swe	brudepar	noun	nor
bruk	noun	swe	bruk	noun	nor
bruk	noun	swe	bruk	noun	nor
bruk	noun	swe	bruk	noun	nor
bruk	noun	swe	nytte	noun	nor
bruk	noun	swe	nytte	noun	nor
brukare	noun	swe	brukar	noun	nor
brukare	noun	swe	bruker	noun	nor
bruksartikel	noun	swe	bruksgjenstand	noun	nor
bruksföremål	noun	swe	bruksgjenstand	noun	nor
bruksvärde	noun	swe	bruksverdi	noun	nor
brunn	noun	swe	brønn	noun	nor
brunn	noun	swe	kilde	noun	nor
brunn	noun	swe	kjelde	noun	nor
brunst	noun	swe	brunst	noun	nor
brus	noun	swe	brus	noun	nor
brus	noun	swe	støy	noun	nor
brutalitet	noun	swe	brutalitet	noun	nor
bruttonation	noun	swe	bruttonasjon	noun	nor
bruttonationalprodukt	noun	swe	bruttonasjonalprodukt	noun	nor
brygd	noun	swe	brygg	noun	nor
brygga	noun	swe	brygge	noun	nor
bryggeri	noun	swe	bryggeri	noun	nor
bryn	noun	swe	bryn	noun	nor
bryn	noun	swe	brå	noun	nor
brynsten	noun	swe	bryne	noun	nor
brynsten	noun	swe	hein	noun	nor
brysselkål	noun	swe	rosenkål	noun	nor
brytningsår	noun	swe	brytningsår	noun	nor
bräckjärn	noun	swe	brekkjern	noun	nor
bräckvatten	noun	swe	brakkvann	noun	nor
bräckvatten	noun	swe	brakkvatn	noun	nor
bräda	noun	swe	brett	noun	nor
bräda	noun	swe	brett	noun	nor
bräda	noun	swe	tavl	noun	nor
bräde	noun	swe	brett	noun	nor
bräde	noun	swe	brett	noun	nor
bräde	noun	swe	tavl	noun	nor
bränneri	noun	swe	brenneri	noun	nor
brännskada	noun	swe	brannskade	noun	nor
brännsår	noun	swe	brannsår	noun	nor
brännvinsglas	noun	swe	drammeglas	noun	nor
brännvinsglas	noun	swe	drammeglass	noun	nor
bränsle	noun	swe	brensel	noun	nor
bråddjup	noun	swe	avgrunn	noun	nor
brådska	noun	swe	hastverk	noun	nor
bråk	noun	swe	brøk	noun	nor
bråkdel	noun	swe	brøkdel	noun	nor
bråte	noun	swe	skrammel	noun	nor
bröd	noun	swe	brød	noun	nor
bröd	noun	swe	loff	noun	nor
brödkniv	noun	swe	brødkniv	noun	nor
brödskiva	noun	swe	brødskive	noun	nor
brödtext	noun	swe	brødtekst	noun	nor
bröl	noun	swe	brøl	noun	nor
bröllop	noun	swe	bryllaup	noun	nor
bröllop	noun	swe	bryllup	noun	nor
bröllopsklänning	noun	swe	brudekjole	noun	nor
bröst	noun	swe	bringe	noun	nor
bröst	noun	swe	bryst	noun	nor
bröst	noun	swe	pupp	noun	nor
bröstarvinge	noun	swe	livsarving	noun	nor
bröstkorg	noun	swe	brystkasse	noun	nor
bud	noun	swe	bod	noun	nor
bud	noun	swe	bud	noun	nor
buddha	noun	swe	buddha	noun	nor
buddhism	noun	swe	buddhisme	noun	nor
buddhist	noun	swe	buddhist	noun	nor
budget	noun	swe	budsjett	noun	nor
budskap	noun	swe	bodskap	noun	nor
budskap	noun	swe	budskap	noun	nor
broderskap	noun	swe	brorskap	noun	nor
broderskap	noun	swe	brorskap	noun	nor
broderskap	noun	swe	broderskap	noun	nor
buffert	noun	swe	buffer	noun	nor
bugg	noun	swe	jitterbug	noun	nor
bugning	noun	swe	bukk	noun	nor
bugning	noun	swe	bukk	noun	nor
buk	noun	swe	buk	noun	nor
bukmuskel	noun	swe	bukmuskel	noun	nor
bukspottkörtel	noun	swe	bukspyttkjertel	noun	nor
bukt	noun	swe	bukt	noun	nor
bula	noun	swe	kul	noun	nor
bulb	noun	swe	bulb	noun	nor
bulgariska	noun	swe	bulgarsk	noun	nor
bulgariska	noun	swe	bulgarsk	noun	nor
bulimi	noun	swe	bulimi	noun	nor
buljong	noun	swe	buljong	noun	nor
bulklast	noun	swe	bulklast	noun	nor
bulklastare	noun	swe	bulkskip	noun	nor
bulla	noun	swe	bulle	noun	nor
bulle	noun	swe	bolle	noun	nor
bulle	noun	swe	bulle	noun	nor
bulnad	noun	swe	kul	noun	nor
bult	noun	swe	bolt	noun	nor
bulvan	noun	swe	bakmann	noun	nor
bundsförvant	noun	swe	forbundsfelle	noun	nor
bungalow	noun	swe	bungalow	noun	nor
bunke	noun	swe	bunke	noun	nor
bunker	noun	swe	bunker	noun	nor
bunker	noun	swe	bunkers	noun	nor
bunt	noun	swe	bunt	noun	nor
bunt	noun	swe	nøste	noun	nor
bunt	noun	swe	visk	noun	nor
buntband	noun	swe	bunteband	noun	nor
buntband	noun	swe	buntebånd	noun	nor
bur	noun	swe	bur	noun	nor
burgunder	noun	swe	burgunder	noun	nor
burk	noun	swe	boks	noun	nor
bush	noun	swe	bush	noun	nor
business	noun	swe	business	noun	nor
buskagitation	noun	swe	buskagitasjon	noun	nor
buske	noun	swe	busk	noun	nor
buss	noun	swe	bus	noun	nor
buss	noun	swe	buss	noun	nor
butan	noun	swe	butan	noun	nor
butan	noun	swe	butan	noun	nor
butik	noun	swe	butikk	noun	nor
butik	noun	swe	forretning	noun	nor
butterkaka	noun	swe	hvetebrød	noun	nor
butterkaka	noun	swe	kveitebrød	noun	nor
by	noun	swe	bygdeby	noun	nor
by	noun	swe	grend	noun	nor
by	noun	swe	landsby	noun	nor
by	noun	swe	utbygd	noun	nor
bygd	noun	swe	bygd	noun	nor
bygelhäst	noun	swe	bøylehest	noun	nor
byggande	noun	swe	bygging	noun	nor
bygge	noun	swe	bygging	noun	nor
bygge	noun	swe	bygning	noun	nor
byggherre	noun	swe	byggherre	noun	nor
byggkloss	noun	swe	byggekloss	noun	nor
byggmästare	noun	swe	arkitekt	noun	nor
byggnad	noun	swe	bygg	noun	nor
byggnad	noun	swe	bygging	noun	nor
byggnad	noun	swe	bygning	noun	nor
byggnad	noun	swe	konstruksjon	noun	nor
byggnadsindustri	noun	swe	bygningsindustri	noun	nor
byggnadskreditiv	noun	swe	banklån	noun	nor
byggnadsverk	noun	swe	byggverk	noun	nor
byggning	noun	swe	bygging	noun	nor
byggning	noun	swe	bygning	noun	nor
byggsats	noun	swe	byggesett	noun	nor
byggsten	noun	swe	byggestein	noun	nor
byling	noun	swe	politimann	noun	nor
byracka	noun	swe	kjøter	noun	nor
byrå	noun	swe	byrå	noun	nor
byråkrat	noun	swe	byråkrat	noun	nor
byråkrati	noun	swe	byråkrati	noun	nor
byst	noun	swe	byste	noun	nor
byst	noun	swe	byste	noun	nor
byte	noun	swe	byte	noun	nor
byte	noun	swe	bytte	noun	nor
byte	noun	swe	byte	noun	nor
bytesbalans	noun	swe	handelsbalanse	noun	nor
bytesdjur	noun	swe	byttedyr	noun	nor
bytta	noun	swe	bøtte	noun	nor
byxdress	noun	swe	buksedress	noun	nor
bäbis	noun	swe	baby	noun	nor
bäck	noun	swe	bekk	noun	nor
bäck	noun	swe	sik	noun	nor
bäck	noun	swe	sik	noun	nor
bäcken	noun	swe	bekken	noun	nor
bädd	noun	swe	seng	noun	nor
bälg	noun	swe	belg	noun	nor
bälte	noun	swe	belte	noun	nor
bänk	noun	swe	benk	noun	nor
bänk	noun	swe	sofa	noun	nor
bär	noun	swe	bær	noun	nor
bärgning	noun	swe	berging	noun	nor
bärnsten	noun	swe	rav	noun	nor
bärnsten	noun	swe	rav	noun	nor
bärsärk	noun	swe	berserk	noun	nor
bäver	noun	swe	bever	noun	nor
båge	noun	swe	boge	noun	nor
båge	noun	swe	bue	noun	nor
bål	noun	swe	bål	noun	nor
bål	noun	swe	bål	noun	nor
bårhus	noun	swe	likhus	noun	nor
bås	noun	swe	bås	noun	nor
båt	noun	swe	båt	noun	nor
båt	noun	swe	båt	noun	nor
båtnad	noun	swe	bate	noun	nor
båtnad	noun	swe	gagn	noun	nor
båtnad	noun	swe	mon	noun	nor
båtnad	noun	swe	monn	noun	nor
båtnad	noun	swe	monn	noun	nor
båtplats	noun	swe	båtplass	noun	nor
båttur	noun	swe	båttur	noun	nor
bödel	noun	swe	bøddel	noun	nor
bög	noun	swe	bøk	noun	nor
böjelse	noun	swe	hang	noun	nor
böl	noun	swe	brøl	noun	nor
böldpest	noun	swe	byllepest	noun	nor
bölja	noun	swe	bylgje	noun	nor
bölja	noun	swe	bølge	noun	nor
bölja	noun	swe	bølgje	noun	nor
bön	noun	swe	bønn	noun	nor
böna	noun	swe	baune	noun	nor
böna	noun	swe	bønne	noun	nor
börd	noun	swe	byrd	noun	nor
börda	noun	swe	byrde	noun	nor
börda	noun	swe	bør	noun	nor
början	noun	swe	byrjing	noun	nor
början	noun	swe	begynnelse	noun	nor
börs	noun	swe	børs	noun	nor
börsspekulant	noun	swe	børsspekulant	noun	nor
bössa	noun	swe	homse	noun	nor
c-vitamin	noun	swe	c-vitamin	noun	nor
cabb	noun	swe	bil	noun	nor
cabriolet	noun	swe	kabriolet	noun	nor
cafeteria	noun	swe	kafeteria	noun	nor
café	noun	swe	kafé	noun	nor
calypso	noun	swe	calypso	noun	nor
camembert	noun	swe	camembert	noun	nor
camorra	noun	swe	camorra	noun	nor
campingplats	noun	swe	campingplass	noun	nor
campus	noun	swe	campus	noun	nor
cancer	noun	swe	kreft	noun	nor
candela	noun	swe	candela	noun	nor
cannabis	noun	swe	cannabis	noun	nor
cape	noun	swe	cape	noun	nor
cardigan	noun	swe	cardigan	noun	nor
cardigan	noun	swe	kardigan	noun	nor
casanova	noun	swe	casanova	noun	nor
cash	noun	swe	kontant	noun	nor
catering	noun	swe	catering	noun	nor
cd-rom	noun	swe	cd-rom	noun	nor
cd	noun	swe	cd	noun	nor
cell	noun	swe	celle	noun	nor
cell	noun	swe	selle	noun	nor
cellist	noun	swe	cellist	noun	nor
cellkärna	noun	swe	cellekjerne	noun	nor
cello	noun	swe	cello	noun	nor
cello	noun	swe	fiolonsell	noun	nor
cello	noun	swe	violoncell	noun	nor
celluloid	noun	swe	celluloid	noun	nor
cellulosa	noun	swe	cellulose	noun	nor
cembalo	noun	swe	cembalo	noun	nor
censor	noun	swe	sensor	noun	nor
censur	noun	swe	sensur	noun	nor
cent	noun	swe	cent	noun	nor
center	noun	swe	senter	noun	nor
center	noun	swe	sentrum	noun	nor
centimeter	noun	swe	centimeter	noun	nor
central	noun	swe	sentral	noun	nor
centralbank	noun	swe	sentralbank	noun	nor
centralbyrå	noun	swe	sentralbyrå	noun	nor
centrallyrik	noun	swe	sentrallyrikk	noun	nor
centralstation	noun	swe	sentralstasjon	noun	nor
centralvärme	noun	swe	sentralvarme	noun	nor
centrifug	noun	swe	sentrifuge	noun	nor
centrum	noun	swe	sentrum	noun	nor
ceremoni	noun	swe	seremoni	noun	nor
certifikat	noun	swe	sertifikat	noun	nor
champagne	noun	swe	champagne	noun	nor
champagne	noun	swe	sjampanje	noun	nor
champagnekork	noun	swe	champagnekork	noun	nor
champion	noun	swe	champion	noun	nor
chans	noun	swe	kjangs	noun	nor
chans	noun	swe	nubbesjanse	noun	nor
chans	noun	swe	sjanse	noun	nor
chapeau-claque	noun	swe	sort	noun	nor
chapeau-claque	noun	swe	svart	noun	nor
charlatan	noun	swe	sjarlatan	noun	nor
charleston	noun	swe	charleston	noun	nor
charmoffensiv	noun	swe	sjarmoffensiv	noun	nor
charmör	noun	swe	charmør	noun	nor
charmör	noun	swe	sjarmør	noun	nor
chassi	noun	swe	chassis	noun	nor
chaufför	noun	swe	sjåfør	noun	nor
chauvinist	noun	swe	sjåvinist	noun	nor
check	noun	swe	sjekk	noun	nor
chef	noun	swe	sjef	noun	nor
chefredaktör	noun	swe	sjefredaktør	noun	nor
chiffong	noun	swe	chiffon	noun	nor
chimär	noun	swe	kimære	noun	nor
chinchilla	noun	swe	chinchilla	noun	nor
chips	noun	swe	chips	noun	nor
chips	noun	swe	potetgull	noun	nor
chock	noun	swe	sjokk	noun	nor
choke	noun	swe	choke	noun	nor
choklad	noun	swe	sjokolade	noun	nor
chuck	noun	swe	chuck	noun	nor
chutney	noun	swe	chutney	noun	nor
cicero	noun	swe	cicero	noun	nor
cider	noun	swe	sider	noun	nor
cigarett	noun	swe	sigarett	noun	nor
cigarettändare	noun	swe	lighter	noun	nor
cigarill	noun	swe	sigarillo	noun	nor
cigarr	noun	swe	sigar	noun	nor
cigarrett	noun	swe	sigarett	noun	nor
cikada	noun	swe	sikade	noun	nor
cirkel	noun	swe	sirkel	noun	nor
cirkulation	noun	swe	sirkulasjon	noun	nor
cirkulär	noun	swe	sirkulære	noun	nor
cirkus	noun	swe	sirkus	noun	nor
cirkusartist	noun	swe	sirkusartist	noun	nor
citat	noun	swe	sitat	noun	nor
citron	noun	swe	sitron	noun	nor
city	noun	swe	city	noun	nor
civilförsvar	noun	swe	sivilforsvar	noun	nor
civilingenjör	noun	swe	sivilingeniør	noun	nor
civilisation	noun	swe	sivilisasjon	noun	nor
civilist	noun	swe	sivilist	noun	nor
civilrätt	noun	swe	sivilrett	noun	nor
civilstånd	noun	swe	sivilstand	noun	nor
clinch	noun	swe	clinch	noun	nor
cockney	noun	swe	cockney	noun	nor
cockpit	noun	swe	cockpit	noun	nor
cocktail	noun	swe	cocktail	noun	nor
coitus	noun	swe	coitus	noun	nor
cola	noun	swe	cola	noun	nor
collie	noun	swe	collie	noun	nor
commando	noun	swe	commando	noun	nor
consommé	noun	swe	consommé	noun	nor
container	noun	swe	container	noun	nor
copyright	noun	swe	opphavsrett	noun	nor
countrymusik	noun	swe	countrymusikk	noun	nor
cowboy	noun	swe	cowboy	noun	nor
coyote	noun	swe	coyote	noun	nor
crawl	noun	swe	crawl	noun	nor
creme	noun	swe	krem	noun	nor
cricket	noun	swe	cricket	noun	nor
csardas	noun	swe	csardas	noun	nor
cup	noun	swe	cup	noun	nor
curling	noun	swe	curling	noun	nor
curry	noun	swe	karri	noun	nor
cyanid	noun	swe	cyanid	noun	nor
cykel	noun	swe	cykel	noun	nor
cykel	noun	swe	sykkel	noun	nor
cykelbana	noun	swe	sykkelsti	noun	nor
cykelergometer	noun	swe	ergometersykkel	noun	nor
cyklist	noun	swe	syklist	noun	nor
cyklon	noun	swe	syklon	noun	nor
cylinder	noun	swe	sylinder	noun	nor
cymbal	noun	swe	cymbal	noun	nor
cynism	noun	swe	kynisme	noun	nor
dadaism	noun	swe	dadaisme	noun	nor
dadaist	noun	swe	dadaist	noun	nor
dag	noun	swe	dag	noun	nor
dagblad	noun	swe	avis	noun	nor
dagblad	noun	swe	dagblad	noun	nor
dagbrott	noun	swe	dagbrot	noun	nor
dagbrott	noun	swe	dagbrudd	noun	nor
dagdröm	noun	swe	dagdraum	noun	nor
dagdröm	noun	swe	dagdrøm	noun	nor
dager	noun	swe	dagslys	noun	nor
dagg	noun	swe	dogg	noun	nor
dagg	noun	swe	dugg	noun	nor
dagg	noun	swe	duk	noun	nor
daghem	noun	swe	barnehage	noun	nor
dagis	noun	swe	barnehage	noun	nor
dagordning	noun	swe	dagsorden	noun	nor
dagsled	noun	swe	dagsmarsj	noun	nor
dagsljus	noun	swe	livd	noun	nor
dagsljus	noun	swe	live	noun	nor
dagsljus	noun	swe	ly	noun	nor
dagsmarsch	noun	swe	dagsmarsj	noun	nor
dagsmeja	noun	swe	solvarme	noun	nor
dagstidning	noun	swe	dagblad	noun	nor
dal	noun	swe	dal	noun	nor
dalbo	noun	swe	dalbu	noun	nor
dalbotten	noun	swe	dalbotn	noun	nor
daler	noun	swe	dalar	noun	nor
daler	noun	swe	daler	noun	nor
dalgång	noun	swe	dal	noun	nor
dalsänka	noun	swe	dalsøkk	noun	nor
dam	noun	swe	dam	noun	nor
dam	noun	swe	dame	noun	nor
damask	noun	swe	damask	noun	nor
damfotboll	noun	swe	damefotball	noun	nor
damm	noun	swe	dam	noun	nor
damm	noun	swe	im	noun	nor
damm	noun	swe	støv	noun	nor
dammkorn	noun	swe	støvkorn	noun	nor
dammlucka	noun	swe	sluseport	noun	nor
dammport	noun	swe	sluseport	noun	nor
damrum	noun	swe	dametoalett	noun	nor
damspel	noun	swe	dam	noun	nor
damtidning	noun	swe	dameblad	noun	nor
danande	noun	swe	daning	noun	nor
danande	noun	swe	dannelse	noun	nor
danande	noun	swe	danning	noun	nor
dans	noun	swe	dans	noun	nor
dans	noun	swe	dansing	noun	nor
dansgolv	noun	swe	dansegolv	noun	nor
dansk	noun	swe	danske	noun	nor
danska	noun	swe	dansk	noun	nor
danska	noun	swe	dansk	noun	nor
dart	noun	swe	dart	noun	nor
darwinist	noun	swe	darwinist	noun	nor
dask	noun	swe	dask	noun	nor
dass	noun	swe	dass	noun	nor
dass	noun	swe	dass	noun	nor
dass	noun	swe	do	noun	nor
dass	noun	swe	do	noun	nor
data	noun	swe	data	noun	nor
data	noun	swe	data	noun	nor
data	noun	swe	data	noun	nor
data	noun	swe	data	noun	nor
databank	noun	swe	databank	noun	nor
databas	noun	swe	database	noun	nor
datacentral	noun	swe	datasentral	noun	nor
datafil	noun	swe	fil	noun	nor
datalogi	noun	swe	datalogi	noun	nor
dataprogram	noun	swe	dataprogram	noun	nor
dativ	noun	swe	dativ	noun	nor
dato	noun	swe	dato	noun	nor
dator	noun	swe	datamaskin	noun	nor
dator	noun	swe	dator	noun	nor
datum	noun	swe	dato	noun	nor
debatt	noun	swe	debatt	noun	nor
debut	noun	swe	debut	noun	nor
debutant	noun	swe	debutant	noun	nor
debutroman	noun	swe	debutroman	noun	nor
december	noun	swe	desember	noun	nor
decennium	noun	swe	decennium	noun	nor
decennium	noun	swe	tiår	noun	nor
decibel	noun	swe	desibel	noun	nor
deciliter	noun	swe	desiliter	noun	nor
decimal	noun	swe	desimal	noun	nor
decimeter	noun	swe	desimeter	noun	nor
dedikation	noun	swe	dedikasjon	noun	nor
defekt	noun	swe	defekt	noun	nor
defensiv	noun	swe	defensiv	noun	nor
definition	noun	swe	definisjon	noun	nor
deflation	noun	swe	deflasjon	noun	nor
deformitet	noun	swe	deformitet	noun	nor
deg	noun	swe	deig	noun	nor
degeneration	noun	swe	degenerasjon	noun	nor
dekad	noun	swe	dekade	noun	nor
dekan	noun	swe	teppe	noun	nor
deklaration	noun	swe	deklarasjon	noun	nor
deklaration	noun	swe	erklæring	noun	nor
deklaration	noun	swe	fråsegn	noun	nor
dekoration	noun	swe	dekor	noun	nor
dekoration	noun	swe	dekorasjon	noun	nor
dekoratör	noun	swe	dekoratør	noun	nor
dekret	noun	swe	dekret	noun	nor
del	noun	swe	del	noun	nor
delegat	noun	swe	delegat	noun	nor
delegation	noun	swe	delegasjon	noun	nor
delfin	noun	swe	delfin	noun	nor
delikt	noun	swe	forbrytelse	noun	nor
delikt	noun	swe	lovbrot	noun	nor
delstat	noun	swe	delstat	noun	nor
delta	noun	swe	delta	noun	nor
delta	noun	swe	delta	noun	nor
deltagande	noun	swe	deltakelse	noun	nor
deltagande	noun	swe	deltaking	noun	nor
deltagare	noun	swe	deltakar	noun	nor
deltagare	noun	swe	deltaker	noun	nor
deltamuskel	noun	swe	deltamuskel	noun	nor
deltidsarbete	noun	swe	deltidsarbeid	noun	nor
demagog	noun	swe	demagog	noun	nor
demagogi	noun	swe	demagogi	noun	nor
demens	noun	swe	demens	noun	nor
demografi	noun	swe	demografi	noun	nor
demokrat	noun	swe	demokrat	noun	nor
demokrati	noun	swe	demokrati	noun	nor
demon	noun	swe	demon	noun	nor
demonstrant	noun	swe	demonstrant	noun	nor
demonstration	noun	swe	demonstrasjon	noun	nor
denier	noun	swe	denier	noun	nor
denim	noun	swe	denim	noun	nor
densitet	noun	swe	densitet	noun	nor
deodorant	noun	swe	deodorant	noun	nor
departement	noun	swe	departement	noun	nor
departementschef	noun	swe	departementssjef	noun	nor
deplacement	noun	swe	deplasement	noun	nor
deponi	noun	swe	deponi	noun	nor
deportation	noun	swe	deportasjon	noun	nor
depression	noun	swe	depresjon	noun	nor
derby	noun	swe	derby	noun	nor
derivat	noun	swe	derivat	noun	nor
derivata	noun	swe	derivat	noun	nor
desertör	noun	swe	desertør	noun	nor
design	noun	swe	design	noun	nor
design	noun	swe	design	noun	nor
desinfektion	noun	swe	desinfeksjon	noun	nor
desinformation	noun	swe	desinformasjon	noun	nor
desperado	noun	swe	desperado	noun	nor
desperation	noun	swe	desperasjon	noun	nor
despot	noun	swe	despot	noun	nor
despoti	noun	swe	despoti	noun	nor
despotism	noun	swe	despotisme	noun	nor
dessert	noun	swe	dessert	noun	nor
destillation	noun	swe	destillasjon	noun	nor
destillationsapparat	noun	swe	destillasjonsapparat	noun	nor
destination	noun	swe	destinasjon	noun	nor
destruktion	noun	swe	destruksjon	noun	nor
detalj	noun	swe	detalj	noun	nor
detaljhandel	noun	swe	detaljhandel	noun	nor
detaljist	noun	swe	detaljist	noun	nor
detektiv	noun	swe	detektiv	noun	nor
detektivroman	noun	swe	detektivroman	noun	nor
detektor	noun	swe	detektor	noun	nor
determinism	noun	swe	determinisme	noun	nor
determinist	noun	swe	determinist	noun	nor
detonator	noun	swe	detonator	noun	nor
deuterium	noun	swe	deuterium	noun	nor
diabetes	noun	swe	diabetes	noun	nor
diadem	noun	swe	diadem	noun	nor
diagnos	noun	swe	diagnose	noun	nor
diagnostik	noun	swe	diagnostikk	noun	nor
diagonal	noun	swe	diagonal	noun	nor
diagram	noun	swe	diagram	noun	nor
diakon	noun	swe	diakon	noun	nor
diakoni	noun	swe	diakoni	noun	nor
dialekt	noun	swe	dialekt	noun	nor
dialekt	noun	swe	målføre	noun	nor
dialektgeografi	noun	swe	dialektgeografi	noun	nor
dialektik	noun	swe	dialektikk	noun	nor
dialog	noun	swe	dialog	noun	nor
dialys	noun	swe	dialyse	noun	nor
diamant	noun	swe	diamant	noun	nor
diameter	noun	swe	diameter	noun	nor
diarium	noun	swe	journal	noun	nor
diarré	noun	swe	diaré	noun	nor
diarré	noun	swe	magesjau	noun	nor
diaspora	noun	swe	diaspora	noun	nor
didaktik	noun	swe	didaktikk	noun	nor
diesel	noun	swe	diesel	noun	nor
dieselmotor	noun	swe	dieselmotor	noun	nor
diet	noun	swe	diett	noun	nor
differens	noun	swe	differens	noun	nor
differential	noun	swe	differensial	noun	nor
differential	noun	swe	differensial	noun	nor
diffusion	noun	swe	diffusjon	noun	nor
difteri	noun	swe	difteri	noun	nor
diftong	noun	swe	diftong	noun	nor
digression	noun	swe	digresjon	noun	nor
dike	noun	swe	dike	noun	nor
dikesren	noun	swe	rein	noun	nor
dikotomi	noun	swe	dikotomi	noun	nor
dikt	noun	swe	dikt	noun	nor
dikt	noun	swe	poem	noun	nor
diktafon	noun	swe	diktafon	noun	nor
diktamen	noun	swe	diktat	noun	nor
diktamen	noun	swe	diktat	noun	nor
diktare	noun	swe	diktar	noun	nor
diktare	noun	swe	dikter	noun	nor
diktat	noun	swe	diktat	noun	nor
diktat	noun	swe	diktat	noun	nor
diktator	noun	swe	diktator	noun	nor
diktatur	noun	swe	diktatur	noun	nor
diktcykel	noun	swe	diktsyklus	noun	nor
diktion	noun	swe	diksjon	noun	nor
diktverk	noun	swe	diktverk	noun	nor
dilemma	noun	swe	dilemma	noun	nor
dilettant	noun	swe	dilettant	noun	nor
diligens	noun	swe	diligence	noun	nor
dill	noun	swe	dill	noun	nor
dimension	noun	swe	dimensjon	noun	nor
dimission	noun	swe	dimisjon	noun	nor
dimma	noun	swe	tåke	noun	nor
dinar	noun	swe	dinar	noun	nor
dingo	noun	swe	dingo	noun	nor
dinosaur	noun	swe	dinosaur	noun	nor
diod	noun	swe	diode	noun	nor
dip	noun	swe	dipp	noun	nor
diplom	noun	swe	diplom	noun	nor
diplomat	noun	swe	diplomat	noun	nor
diplomati	noun	swe	diplomati	noun	nor
direktion	noun	swe	direksjon	noun	nor
direktiv	noun	swe	direktiv	noun	nor
direktör	noun	swe	direktør	noun	nor
dirigent	noun	swe	dirigent	noun	nor
dirk	noun	swe	dirk	noun	nor
dis	noun	swe	dis	noun	nor
dis	noun	swe	diss	noun	nor
dis	noun	swe	hilder	noun	nor
discipel	noun	swe	disippel	noun	nor
disciplin	noun	swe	disiplin	noun	nor
disciplin	noun	swe	kustus	noun	nor
disharmoni	noun	swe	disharmoni	noun	nor
disk	noun	swe	disk	noun	nor
diskant	noun	swe	diskant	noun	nor
diskbänk	noun	swe	kjøkkenbord	noun	nor
diskett	noun	swe	diskett	noun	nor
diskjockey	noun	swe	diskjockey	noun	nor
diskmaskin	noun	swe	oppvaskmaskin	noun	nor
diskotek	noun	swe	diskotek	noun	nor
diskrepans	noun	swe	diskrepans	noun	nor
diskretion	noun	swe	diskresjon	noun	nor
diskriminering	noun	swe	diskriminering	noun	nor
diskurs	noun	swe	diskurs	noun	nor
diskus	noun	swe	disko	noun	nor
diskussion	noun	swe	diskusjon	noun	nor
diskvalifikation	noun	swe	diskvalifikasjon	noun	nor
dispens	noun	swe	dispensasjon	noun	nor
dispens	noun	swe	dispenser	noun	nor
display	noun	swe	display	noun	nor
disponent	noun	swe	disponent	noun	nor
disposition	noun	swe	disposisjon	noun	nor
dispyt	noun	swe	krangel	noun	nor
dissektion	noun	swe	disseksjon	noun	nor
dissertation	noun	swe	avhandling	noun	nor
dissident	noun	swe	dissident	noun	nor
dissonans	noun	swe	dissonans	noun	nor
distans	noun	swe	avstand	noun	nor
distinktion	noun	swe	distinksjon	noun	nor
distraktion	noun	swe	distraksjon	noun	nor
distribution	noun	swe	distribusjon	noun	nor
distributör	noun	swe	distributør	noun	nor
distrikt	noun	swe	distrikt	noun	nor
distriktsläkare	noun	swe	distriktslege	noun	nor
divan	noun	swe	divan	noun	nor
divergens	noun	swe	divergens	noun	nor
division	noun	swe	divisjon	noun	nor
divisor	noun	swe	divisor	noun	nor
djungel	noun	swe	jungel	noun	nor
djup	noun	swe	djup	noun	nor
djup	noun	swe	djupne	noun	nor
djup	noun	swe	dybde	noun	nor
djup	noun	swe	dyp	noun	nor
djup	noun	swe	kav	noun	nor
djur	noun	swe	dyr	noun	nor
djurart	noun	swe	dyreart	noun	nor
djurpark	noun	swe	dyrepark	noun	nor
djävel	noun	swe	djevel	noun	nor
djävel	noun	swe	jævel	noun	nor
djävel	noun	swe	puke	noun	nor
djävul	noun	swe	djevel	noun	nor
djävul	noun	swe	jævel	noun	nor
djävul	noun	swe	puke	noun	nor
dna-molekyl	noun	swe	dna-molekyl	noun	nor
docent	noun	swe	dosent	noun	nor
doft	noun	swe	ange	noun	nor
doft	noun	swe	dåm	noun	nor
doft	noun	swe	lukt	noun	nor
doge	noun	swe	doge	noun	nor
dogmatik	noun	swe	dogmatikk	noun	nor
doktor	noun	swe	doctor	noun	nor
doktor	noun	swe	doktor	noun	nor
doktorand	noun	swe	doktorand	noun	nor
doktorsdisputation	noun	swe	doktordisputas	noun	nor
doktorsgrad	noun	swe	doktorgrad	noun	nor
doktrin	noun	swe	doktrine	noun	nor
dokument	noun	swe	dokument	noun	nor
dokument	noun	swe	skriftstykke	noun	nor
dokumentation	noun	swe	dokumentasjon	noun	nor
dokumentärfilm	noun	swe	dokumentarfilm	noun	nor
dolk	noun	swe	dolk	noun	nor
dollar	noun	swe	dollar	noun	nor
dollarturist	noun	swe	dollarturist	noun	nor
dolomit	noun	swe	dolomitt	noun	nor
dom	noun	swe	dom	noun	nor
domare	noun	swe	dommar	noun	nor
domare	noun	swe	dommer	noun	nor
dominans	noun	swe	dominans	noun	nor
dominant	noun	swe	dominant	noun	nor
domino	noun	swe	domino	noun	nor
domprost	noun	swe	domprost	noun	nor
domstol	noun	swe	domstol	noun	nor
don	noun	swe	don	noun	nor
don	noun	swe	don	noun	nor
don	noun	swe	verktøy	noun	nor
don	noun	swe	don	noun	nor
don	noun	swe	don	noun	nor
donation	noun	swe	donasjon	noun	nor
doning	noun	swe	don	noun	nor
doning	noun	swe	don	noun	nor
doning	noun	swe	verktøy	noun	nor
donna	noun	swe	jente	noun	nor
donna	noun	swe	pike	noun	nor
dop	noun	swe	dåp	noun	nor
dopp	noun	swe	dopp	noun	nor
dopp	noun	swe	dukkert	noun	nor
dos	noun	swe	dose	noun	nor
dos	noun	swe	dosis	noun	nor
dosa	noun	swe	boks	noun	nor
dosis	noun	swe	dose	noun	nor
dosis	noun	swe	dosis	noun	nor
dotter	noun	swe	dotter	noun	nor
dotter	noun	swe	datter	noun	nor
dovhjort	noun	swe	dådyr	noun	nor
drabant	noun	swe	drabant	noun	nor
drag	noun	swe	drag	noun	nor
dragkamp	noun	swe	dragkamp	noun	nor
dragspel	noun	swe	harmonika	noun	nor
drake	noun	swe	drake	noun	nor
drakma	noun	swe	drakme	noun	nor
dram	noun	swe	dram	noun	nor
dram	noun	swe	nubbe	noun	nor
drama	noun	swe	drama	noun	nor
dramatik	noun	swe	dramatikk	noun	nor
dramaturg	noun	swe	dramaturg	noun	nor
dramaturgi	noun	swe	dramaturgi	noun	nor
draperi	noun	swe	forheng	noun	nor
dravel	noun	swe	pølsevev	noun	nor
dravel	noun	swe	tull	noun	nor
dravel	noun	swe	tøys	noun	nor
dravel	noun	swe	vrøvl	noun	nor
dress	noun	swe	dress	noun	nor
dressing	noun	swe	dressing	noun	nor
drev	noun	swe	drev	noun	nor
dricka	noun	swe	drikk	noun	nor
dricka	noun	swe	drikke	noun	nor
dricksglas	noun	swe	drikkeglas	noun	nor
dricksglas	noun	swe	drikkeglass	noun	nor
drift	noun	swe	drift	noun	nor
driftkostnad	noun	swe	driftskostnad	noun	nor
driftskostnad	noun	swe	driftskostnad	noun	nor
drilling	noun	swe	jaktgevær	noun	nor
drink	noun	swe	drink	noun	nor
driv	noun	swe	driv	noun	nor
driv	noun	swe	driv	noun	nor
driv	noun	swe	drive	noun	nor
driva	noun	swe	drive	noun	nor
drivaxel	noun	swe	drivaksel	noun	nor
drive	noun	swe	drive	noun	nor
drivhus	noun	swe	drivhus	noun	nor
drivhuseffekt	noun	swe	drivhuseffekt	noun	nor
drivis	noun	swe	drivis	noun	nor
drivved	noun	swe	drivtømmer	noun	nor
drivved	noun	swe	drivved	noun	nor
dromedar	noun	swe	dromedar	noun	nor
dropp	noun	swe	drypp	noun	nor
droppsten	noun	swe	dryppstein	noun	nor
drottning	noun	swe	dronning	noun	nor
drulle	noun	swe	klossmajor	noun	nor
drullputt	noun	swe	klossmajor	noun	nor
dryck	noun	swe	drikk	noun	nor
dryck	noun	swe	drikke	noun	nor
dryckeslag	noun	swe	drikkelag	noun	nor
dräkt	noun	swe	bunad	noun	nor
dränering	noun	swe	drenasje	noun	nor
dråp	noun	swe	drap	noun	nor
dråp	noun	swe	drep	noun	nor
dråp	noun	swe	mord	noun	nor
dråse	noun	swe	dunge	noun	nor
dröjsmål	noun	swe	forseinking	noun	nor
dröjsmål	noun	swe	forsinkelse	noun	nor
dröm	noun	swe	draum	noun	nor
dröm	noun	swe	drøm	noun	nor
drömmare	noun	swe	drøymar	noun	nor
drömmare	noun	swe	drømmer	noun	nor
dualism	noun	swe	dualisme	noun	nor
dubb	noun	swe	tupp	noun	nor
dubbdäck	noun	swe	piggdekk	noun	nor
dubbelmoral	noun	swe	dobbeltmoral	noun	nor
dubbeltimme	noun	swe	dobbelttime	noun	nor
dubblett	noun	swe	dublett	noun	nor
duchesse	noun	swe	duchesse	noun	nor
duell	noun	swe	duell	noun	nor
duellant	noun	swe	duellant	noun	nor
duett	noun	swe	duett	noun	nor
duglighet	noun	swe	dugleik	noun	nor
duglighet	noun	swe	dyktighet	noun	nor
duk	noun	swe	duk	noun	nor
duk	noun	swe	lerret	noun	nor
dukat	noun	swe	dukat	noun	nor
dumhet	noun	swe	dumhet	noun	nor
dumhet	noun	swe	dumskap	noun	nor
dun	noun	swe	dun	noun	nor
dun	noun	swe	dun	noun	nor
dunge	noun	swe	dunge	noun	nor
dunk	noun	swe	dunk	noun	nor
dunk	noun	swe	dunk	noun	nor
dununge	noun	swe	fugleunge	noun	nor
duo	noun	swe	duo	noun	nor
dur	noun	swe	dur	noun	nor
durkslag	noun	swe	dørslag	noun	nor
dusch	noun	swe	dusj	noun	nor
dussin	noun	swe	dusin	noun	nor
dussintal	noun	swe	dusin	noun	nor
dusör	noun	swe	dusør	noun	nor
duva	noun	swe	due	noun	nor
dvala	noun	swe	dvale	noun	nor
dvd	noun	swe	dvd	noun	nor
dvärg	noun	swe	dverg	noun	nor
dy	noun	swe	dy	noun	nor
dy	noun	swe	mudder	noun	nor
dygd	noun	swe	dyd	noun	nor
dygdemönster	noun	swe	dydsmønster	noun	nor
dygn	noun	swe	døgn	noun	nor
dygnsrytm	noun	swe	døgnrytme	noun	nor
dyn	noun	swe	dyn	noun	nor
dyn	noun	swe	dyn	noun	nor
dynamik	noun	swe	dynamikk	noun	nor
dynamit	noun	swe	dynamitt	noun	nor
dynamo	noun	swe	dynamo	noun	nor
dynasti	noun	swe	dynasti	noun	nor
dynga	noun	swe	gjødsel	noun	nor
dyrgrip	noun	swe	klenodie	noun	nor
dysenteri	noun	swe	dysenteri	noun	nor
däck	noun	swe	dekk	noun	nor
däckel	noun	swe	deksel	noun	nor
däggdjur	noun	swe	pattedyr	noun	nor
dämning	noun	swe	demning	noun	nor
däng	noun	swe	bank	noun	nor
däng	noun	swe	bank	noun	nor
däng	noun	swe	knakk	noun	nor
däng	noun	swe	knakk	noun	nor
däng	noun	swe	skrubb	noun	nor
dåd	noun	swe	dåd	noun	nor
dåd	noun	swe	handling	noun	nor
dåre	noun	swe	dåre	noun	nor
dårfink	noun	swe	tulling	noun	nor
dårskap	noun	swe	dårskap	noun	nor
död	noun	swe	daude	noun	nor
död	noun	swe	død	noun	nor
dödläge	noun	swe	daudvatn	noun	nor
dödläge	noun	swe	dødvann	noun	nor
dödläge	noun	swe	dødvatn	noun	nor
dödsattest	noun	swe	dødsattest	noun	nor
dödsbädd	noun	swe	dødsleie	noun	nor
dödsdom	noun	swe	dødsdom	noun	nor
dödsfall	noun	swe	dødsfall	noun	nor
dödsjö	noun	swe	dønning	noun	nor
dödskamp	noun	swe	dødskamp	noun	nor
dödsolycka	noun	swe	dødsulykke	noun	nor
dödsolycka	noun	swe	dødsulykke	noun	nor
dödvatten	noun	swe	daudvatn	noun	nor
dödvatten	noun	swe	dødvann	noun	nor
dödvatten	noun	swe	dødvatn	noun	nor
dörr	noun	swe	dør	noun	nor
dörr	noun	swe	dørk	noun	nor
dös	noun	swe	døs	noun	nor
e-post	noun	swe	e-post	noun	nor
ebb	noun	swe	fallande	noun	nor
ebb	noun	swe	fjære	noun	nor
ebenholts	noun	swe	ibenholt	noun	nor
ed	noun	swe	eid	noun	nor
ed	noun	swe	ed	noun	nor
ed	noun	swe	eid	noun	nor
eda	noun	swe	motstraum	noun	nor
eda	noun	swe	motstrøm	noun	nor
edamerost	noun	swe	edamerost	noun	nor
edikt	noun	swe	edikt	noun	nor
edition	noun	swe	edisjon	noun	nor
efedrin	noun	swe	efedrin	noun	nor
effekt	noun	swe	effekt	noun	nor
effektivitet	noun	swe	effektivitet	noun	nor
efor	noun	swe	efor	noun	nor
efterdyning	noun	swe	etterdønning	noun	nor
efterföljare	noun	swe	etterfylgjar	noun	nor
efterföljare	noun	swe	etterfølger	noun	nor
efterföljare	noun	swe	etterfølgjar	noun	nor
eftergranskning	noun	swe	etterkontroll	noun	nor
efterklang	noun	swe	etterklang	noun	nor
efterkänning	noun	swe	etterdønning	noun	nor
efterled	noun	swe	etterledd	noun	nor
eftermiddag	noun	swe	ettermiddag	noun	nor
eftermäle	noun	swe	ettermæle	noun	nor
efternamn	noun	swe	etternamn	noun	nor
efternamn	noun	swe	etternavn	noun	nor
efterrätt	noun	swe	dessert	noun	nor
eftersläng	noun	swe	tilbakefall	noun	nor
eftersläpning	noun	swe	etterslep	noun	nor
eftertanke	noun	swe	ettertanke	noun	nor
efterträdare	noun	swe	etterfylgjar	noun	nor
efterträdare	noun	swe	etterfølger	noun	nor
efterträdare	noun	swe	etterfølgjar	noun	nor
efterverkning	noun	swe	ettervirkning	noun	nor
egalitet	noun	swe	egalitet	noun	nor
egendom	noun	swe	eiendom	noun	nor
egendom	noun	swe	eigedom	noun	nor
egendom	noun	swe	eign	noun	nor
egenskap	noun	swe	egenskap	noun	nor
egenskap	noun	swe	eigenskap	noun	nor
egg	noun	swe	egg	noun	nor
egg	noun	swe	egg	noun	nor
egg	noun	swe	kant	noun	nor
egg	noun	swe	kant	noun	nor
eggelse	noun	swe	spore	noun	nor
ego	noun	swe	ego	noun	nor
egoism	noun	swe	egoisme	noun	nor
egoist	noun	swe	egoist	noun	nor
egyptolog	noun	swe	egyptolog	noun	nor
egyptologi	noun	swe	egyptologi	noun	nor
ek	noun	swe	eik	noun	nor
eka	noun	swe	robåt	noun	nor
eker	noun	swe	eik	noun	nor
eklöv	noun	swe	eikeblad	noun	nor
eko	noun	swe	ekko	noun	nor
ekolod	noun	swe	ekkolodd	noun	nor
ekolog	noun	swe	økolog	noun	nor
ekologi	noun	swe	økologi	noun	nor
ekonom	noun	swe	økonom	noun	nor
ekonomi	noun	swe	økonomi	noun	nor
ekosystem	noun	swe	økosystem	noun	nor
eksem	noun	swe	eksem	noun	nor
eksem	noun	swe	eksem	noun	nor
ekvation	noun	swe	ligning	noun	nor
ekvation	noun	swe	likning	noun	nor
el	noun	swe	el	noun	nor
el	noun	swe	or	noun	nor
el	noun	swe	or	noun	nor
elasticitet	noun	swe	elastisitet	noun	nor
elbil	noun	swe	elbil	noun	nor
eld	noun	swe	eld	noun	nor
eld	noun	swe	ild	noun	nor
eldhav	noun	swe	eldhav	noun	nor
eldningsolja	noun	swe	fyringsolje	noun	nor
eldorado	noun	swe	eldorado	noun	nor
elefant	noun	swe	elefant	noun	nor
elegans	noun	swe	eleganse	noun	nor
elegi	noun	swe	elegi	noun	nor
elektricitet	noun	swe	elektrisitet	noun	nor
elektrokardiografi	noun	swe	elektrokardiografi	noun	nor
elektrolys	noun	swe	elektrolyse	noun	nor
elektrolyt	noun	swe	elektrolytt	noun	nor
elektromagnet	noun	swe	elektromagnet	noun	nor
elektromagnetism	noun	swe	elektromagnetisme	noun	nor
elektrometer	noun	swe	elektrometer	noun	nor
elektromotor	noun	swe	elektromotor	noun	nor
elektron	noun	swe	elektron	noun	nor
elektron	noun	swe	elektron	noun	nor
elektronik	noun	swe	elektronikk	noun	nor
elektronmikroskop	noun	swe	elektronmikroskop	noun	nor
elektronrör	noun	swe	elektronrør	noun	nor
elektronstråle	noun	swe	elektronstråle	noun	nor
elektroteknik	noun	swe	elektroteknikk	noun	nor
element	noun	swe	element	noun	nor
elev	noun	swe	elev	noun	nor
elev	noun	swe	skolelys	noun	nor
elev	noun	swe	skulelys	noun	nor
elevator	noun	swe	elevator	noun	nor
elevråd	noun	swe	elevråd	noun	nor
elfenben	noun	swe	elfenbein	noun	nor
elgitarr	noun	swe	elgitar	noun	nor
elimination	noun	swe	eliminasjon	noun	nor
elit	noun	swe	elite	noun	nor
ellips	noun	swe	ellipse	noun	nor
elmotor	noun	swe	elmotor	noun	nor
eloge	noun	swe	eloge	noun	nor
elverk	noun	swe	elverk	noun	nor
elverk	noun	swe	kraftverk	noun	nor
elände	noun	swe	bæsj	noun	nor
elände	noun	swe	elende	noun	nor
elände	noun	swe	elendighet	noun	nor
elände	noun	swe	lort	noun	nor
emalj	noun	swe	emalje	noun	nor
emancipation	noun	swe	emansipasjon	noun	nor
embargo	noun	swe	embargo	noun	nor
emblem	noun	swe	emblem	noun	nor
embryo	noun	swe	embryo	noun	nor
embryologi	noun	swe	embryologi	noun	nor
emigrant	noun	swe	emigrant	noun	nor
emigration	noun	swe	emigrasjon	noun	nor
eminens	noun	swe	eminense	noun	nor
emir	noun	swe	emir	noun	nor
emission	noun	swe	emisjon	noun	nor
emotion	noun	swe	emosjon	noun	nor
empire	noun	swe	empire	noun	nor
empirestil	noun	swe	empirestil	noun	nor
empiri	noun	swe	empiri	noun	nor
empirism	noun	swe	empirisme	noun	nor
empirist	noun	swe	empirist	noun	nor
emu	noun	swe	emu	noun	nor
emulsion	noun	swe	emulsjon	noun	nor
enbär	noun	swe	einebær	noun	nor
encyklopedi	noun	swe	encyklopedi	noun	nor
encyklopedi	noun	swe	leksikon	noun	nor
encyklopedi	noun	swe	oppslagsverk	noun	nor
endräkt	noun	swe	enighet	noun	nor
endräkt	noun	swe	samforstand	noun	nor
endräkt	noun	swe	semje	noun	nor
energi	noun	swe	energi	noun	nor
energibehov	noun	swe	energibehov	noun	nor
energiverk	noun	swe	energiverk	noun	nor
engagemang	noun	swe	engasjement	noun	nor
engelska	noun	swe	engelsk	noun	nor
engelska	noun	swe	engelsk	noun	nor
engelsman	noun	swe	engelskmann	noun	nor
enhet	noun	swe	eining	noun	nor
enhet	noun	swe	enhet	noun	nor
enighet	noun	swe	enighet	noun	nor
enighet	noun	swe	samforstand	noun	nor
enighet	noun	swe	semje	noun	nor
enkelrum	noun	swe	einskildrom	noun	nor
enkelrum	noun	swe	enkeltrom	noun	nor
enklav	noun	swe	enklave	noun	nor
enlighet	noun	swe	samsvar	noun	nor
enmansföreställning	noun	swe	one-man-show	noun	nor
ensamhet	noun	swe	einsemd	noun	nor
ensamhet	noun	swe	ensomhet	noun	nor
ensamrätt	noun	swe	einerett	noun	nor
ensamrätt	noun	swe	enerett	noun	nor
ensemble	noun	swe	ensemble	noun	nor
ental	noun	swe	eintal	noun	nor
ental	noun	swe	entall	noun	nor
entertainer	noun	swe	entertainer	noun	nor
entomologi	noun	swe	entomologi	noun	nor
entreprenör	noun	swe	entreprenør	noun	nor
entré	noun	swe	adgang	noun	nor
entré	noun	swe	entré	noun	nor
entré	noun	swe	tilgjenge	noun	nor
entré	noun	swe	åtgang	noun	nor
entusiasm	noun	swe	entusiasme	noun	nor
entusiast	noun	swe	entusiast	noun	nor
enzym	noun	swe	enzym	noun	nor
epidemi	noun	swe	epidemi	noun	nor
epigram	noun	swe	epigram	noun	nor
epilepsi	noun	swe	epilepsi	noun	nor
episod	noun	swe	episode	noun	nor
epistel	noun	swe	epistel	noun	nor
epitet	noun	swe	epitet	noun	nor
epok	noun	swe	epoke	noun	nor
epos	noun	swe	epos	noun	nor
era	noun	swe	æra	noun	nor
erbjudande	noun	swe	tilbod	noun	nor
erbjudande	noun	swe	tilbud	noun	nor
erektion	noun	swe	ereksjon	noun	nor
eremit	noun	swe	eremitt	noun	nor
erfarenhet	noun	swe	erfaring	noun	nor
erfarenhet	noun	swe	røynsle	noun	nor
ergonomi	noun	swe	ergonomi	noun	nor
erosion	noun	swe	erosjon	noun	nor
erotik	noun	swe	erotikk	noun	nor
erotoman	noun	swe	erotoman	noun	nor
ersättare	noun	swe	avløser	noun	nor
ersättare	noun	swe	avløysar	noun	nor
ersättning	noun	swe	erstatning	noun	nor
erövring	noun	swe	erobring	noun	nor
eskader	noun	swe	eskadre	noun	nor
eskapad	noun	swe	eskapade	noun	nor
eskort	noun	swe	eskorte	noun	nor
espresso	noun	swe	espresso	noun	nor
esprit	noun	swe	esprit	noun	nor
ess	noun	swe	ess	noun	nor
ess	noun	swe	ess	noun	nor
essayist	noun	swe	essayist	noun	nor
essens	noun	swe	essens	noun	nor
essä	noun	swe	essay	noun	nor
ester	noun	swe	ester	noun	nor
estet	noun	swe	estet	noun	nor
estetik	noun	swe	estetikk	noun	nor
etablering	noun	swe	etablering	noun	nor
etablerande	noun	swe	etablering	noun	nor
etablissemang	noun	swe	etablissement	noun	nor
etanol	noun	swe	etanol	noun	nor
etapp	noun	swe	etappe	noun	nor
eter	noun	swe	eter	noun	nor
etik	noun	swe	etikk	noun	nor
etnograf	noun	swe	etnograf	noun	nor
etnografi	noun	swe	etnografi	noun	nor
etnolog	noun	swe	etnolog	noun	nor
etnologi	noun	swe	etnologi	noun	nor
etolog	noun	swe	etolog	noun	nor
etologi	noun	swe	etologi	noun	nor
etui	noun	swe	etui	noun	nor
etyd	noun	swe	etyde	noun	nor
etymologi	noun	swe	etymologi	noun	nor
eufemism	noun	swe	eufemisme	noun	nor
eufemism	noun	swe	evfemisme	noun	nor
eufori	noun	swe	eufori	noun	nor
eugenik	noun	swe	eugenikk	noun	nor
eukalyptus	noun	swe	eukalyptus	noun	nor
eunuck	noun	swe	evnukk	noun	nor
eunuck	noun	swe	gjelding	noun	nor
euro	noun	swe	euro	noun	nor
europaväg	noun	swe	europaveg	noun	nor
europaväg	noun	swe	europavei	noun	nor
eurovaluta	noun	swe	eurovaluta	noun	nor
eutanasi	noun	swe	eutanasi	noun	nor
eva	noun	swe	eva	noun	nor
eva	noun	swe	eva	noun	nor
evangelist	noun	swe	evangelist	noun	nor
evangelium	noun	swe	evangelium	noun	nor
eventualitet	noun	swe	eventualitet	noun	nor
evergreen	noun	swe	evergreen	noun	nor
evidens	noun	swe	evidens	noun	nor
evighet	noun	swe	evighet	noun	nor
evighet	noun	swe	æve	noun	nor
evolution	noun	swe	evolusjon	noun	nor
evolutionsteori	noun	swe	evolusjonsteori	noun	nor
examen	noun	swe	eksamen	noun	nor
examination	noun	swe	eksaminasjon	noun	nor
examinator	noun	swe	eksaminator	noun	nor
excellens	noun	swe	eksellense	noun	nor
exekution	noun	swe	eksekusjon	noun	nor
exempel	noun	swe	døme	noun	nor
exempel	noun	swe	eksempel	noun	nor
exemplar	noun	swe	eksemplar	noun	nor
exemplar	noun	swe	føredøme	noun	nor
exhibitionism	noun	swe	ekshibisjonisme	noun	nor
exil	noun	swe	eksil	noun	nor
existens	noun	swe	eksistens	noun	nor
existensminimum	noun	swe	eksistensminimum	noun	nor
exklusivitet	noun	swe	eksklusivitet	noun	nor
exkrement	noun	swe	ekskrement	noun	nor
exkursion	noun	swe	ekskursjon	noun	nor
expansion	noun	swe	ekspansjon	noun	nor
expedition	noun	swe	ekspedisjon	noun	nor
expeditionsregering	noun	swe	forretningsministerium	noun	nor
experiment	noun	swe	eksperiment	noun	nor
expert	noun	swe	ekspert	noun	nor
expertis	noun	swe	ekspertise	noun	nor
explosion	noun	swe	eksplosjon	noun	nor
exponent	noun	swe	eksponent	noun	nor
export	noun	swe	eksport	noun	nor
exportör	noun	swe	eksportør	noun	nor
express	noun	swe	ekspress	noun	nor
expressionism	noun	swe	ekspresjonisme	noun	nor
extas	noun	swe	ekstase	noun	nor
exteriör	noun	swe	eksteriør	noun	nor
extrakt	noun	swe	ekstrakt	noun	nor
extrakt	noun	swe	ekstrakt	noun	nor
extrem	noun	swe	ekstrem	noun	nor
extremism	noun	swe	ekstremisme	noun	nor
extremist	noun	swe	ekstremist	noun	nor
fabel	noun	swe	fabel	noun	nor
fabeldjur	noun	swe	fabeldyr	noun	nor
fabrik	noun	swe	fabrikk	noun	nor
fabrikant	noun	swe	fabrikant	noun	nor
fabrikat	noun	swe	fabrikat	noun	nor
fabrikation	noun	swe	fabrikasjon	noun	nor
facilitet	noun	swe	facilitet	noun	nor
facilitet	noun	swe	fasilitet	noun	nor
facit	noun	swe	fasit	noun	nor
fack	noun	swe	avdeling	noun	nor
fack	noun	swe	fagbevegelse	noun	nor
fack	noun	swe	fagrørsle	noun	nor
fackeltåg	noun	swe	fakkeltog	noun	nor
fackförbund	noun	swe	fagforbund	noun	nor
fackförening	noun	swe	fagforeining	noun	nor
fackförening	noun	swe	fagforening	noun	nor
fackkunskap	noun	swe	fagkunnskap	noun	nor
fackman	noun	swe	fagmann	noun	nor
fackspråk	noun	swe	fagspråk	noun	nor
fadder	noun	swe	fadder	noun	nor
fadderbarn	noun	swe	fadderbarn	noun	nor
fader	noun	swe	fader	noun	nor
fadäs	noun	swe	fadese	noun	nor
fagott	noun	swe	fagott	noun	nor
fajt	noun	swe	kamp	noun	nor
fakir	noun	swe	fakir	noun	nor
faksimil	noun	swe	faksimile	noun	nor
faksimile	noun	swe	faksimile	noun	nor
faktor	noun	swe	faktor	noun	nor
faktum	noun	swe	faktum	noun	nor
faktura	noun	swe	faktura	noun	nor
fakultet	noun	swe	fakultet	noun	nor
falang	noun	swe	falanks	noun	nor
falangist	noun	swe	falangist	noun	nor
falk	noun	swe	falk	noun	nor
fall	noun	swe	fall	noun	nor
fall	noun	swe	fall	noun	nor
fall	noun	swe	slump	noun	nor
fall	noun	swe	tilfelle	noun	nor
fallenhet	noun	swe	anlegg	noun	nor
fallos	noun	swe	fallos	noun	nor
fallskärm	noun	swe	fallskjerm	noun	nor
fallskärmsjägare	noun	swe	fallskjermjeger	noun	nor
fals	noun	swe	fals	noun	nor
falsarium	noun	swe	falsum	noun	nor
familj	noun	swe	familie	noun	nor
familjeform	noun	swe	familieform	noun	nor
familjeförsörjare	noun	swe	forsytar	noun	nor
familjeförsörjare	noun	swe	forsørger	noun	nor
familjeförsörjare	noun	swe	forsørgjar	noun	nor
familjeliv	noun	swe	familieliv	noun	nor
famn	noun	swe	famn	noun	nor
famntag	noun	swe	famntak	noun	nor
fan	noun	swe	fan	noun	nor
fanatism	noun	swe	fanatisme	noun	nor
faner	noun	swe	finer	noun	nor
fantasi	noun	swe	fantasi	noun	nor
fantasifoster	noun	swe	fantasifoster	noun	nor
fantast	noun	swe	fantast	noun	nor
fantom	noun	swe	fantom	noun	nor
far	noun	swe	far	noun	nor
far	noun	swe	far	noun	nor
far	noun	swe	pappa	noun	nor
fara	noun	swe	fare	noun	nor
farao	noun	swe	farao	noun	nor
farbror	noun	swe	farbror	noun	nor
farbror	noun	swe	onkel	noun	nor
farfar	noun	swe	beste	noun	nor
farfar	noun	swe	bestefar	noun	nor
farfar	noun	swe	farfar	noun	nor
farhåga	noun	swe	frykt	noun	nor
farinsocker	noun	swe	farin	noun	nor
farinsocker	noun	swe	farin	noun	nor
farkost	noun	swe	farkost	noun	nor
farled	noun	swe	farvann	noun	nor
farled	noun	swe	farvatn	noun	nor
farm	noun	swe	farm	noun	nor
farmaceut	noun	swe	farmasøyt	noun	nor
farmaci	noun	swe	farmasi	noun	nor
farmakolog	noun	swe	farmakolog	noun	nor
farmakologi	noun	swe	farmakologi	noun	nor
farmor	noun	swe	beste	noun	nor
farmor	noun	swe	bestemor	noun	nor
farsarv	noun	swe	farsarv	noun	nor
farsot	noun	swe	epidemi	noun	nor
fart	noun	swe	dreis	noun	nor
fart	noun	swe	fart	noun	nor
fart	noun	swe	fortgang	noun	nor
fart	noun	swe	fyk	noun	nor
fart	noun	swe	raus	noun	nor
fartyg	noun	swe	farkost	noun	nor
fartyg	noun	swe	fartøy	noun	nor
fas	noun	swe	fas	noun	nor
fas	noun	swe	fase	noun	nor
fasa	noun	swe	redsel	noun	nor
fasad	noun	swe	fasade	noun	nor
fasan	noun	swe	fasan	noun	nor
fascist	noun	swe	fascist	noun	nor
fasta	noun	swe	faste	noun	nor
fastighet	noun	swe	eiendom	noun	nor
fastighet	noun	swe	eigedom	noun	nor
fastighet	noun	swe	eign	noun	nor
fat	noun	swe	fat	noun	nor
fatalism	noun	swe	fatalisme	noun	nor
fatalist	noun	swe	fatalist	noun	nor
fatalitet	noun	swe	fatalitet	noun	nor
fattigdom	noun	swe	fattigdom	noun	nor
faun	noun	swe	faun	noun	nor
fauna	noun	swe	fauna	noun	nor
favorit	noun	swe	favoritt	noun	nor
favör	noun	swe	favør	noun	nor
fax	noun	swe	faks	noun	nor
fax	noun	swe	faks	noun	nor
fax	noun	swe	fax	noun	nor
feber	noun	swe	feber	noun	nor
februari	noun	swe	februar	noun	nor
feedback	noun	swe	feedback	noun	nor
fegis	noun	swe	feiging	noun	nor
fegis	noun	swe	kruk	noun	nor
fegis	noun	swe	kujon	noun	nor
fejd	noun	swe	feide	noun	nor
fel	noun	swe	feil	noun	nor
fel	noun	swe	lyte	noun	nor
fel	noun	swe	mistak	noun	nor
felgrepp	noun	swe	feilgrep	noun	nor
felsteg	noun	swe	feiltrinn	noun	nor
feminism	noun	swe	feminisme	noun	nor
feminist	noun	swe	feminist	noun	nor
femkamp	noun	swe	femkamp	noun	nor
femkrona	noun	swe	femkrone	noun	nor
femling	noun	swe	femling	noun	nor
femtedel	noun	swe	femdel	noun	nor
femtedel	noun	swe	femtedel	noun	nor
femtekolonn	noun	swe	femtekolonne	noun	nor
femtiotal	noun	swe	femti	noun	nor
femtiårsdag	noun	swe	femtiårsdag	noun	nor
femårsplan	noun	swe	femårsplan	noun	nor
fena	noun	swe	finn	noun	nor
fena	noun	swe	finne	noun	nor
fena	noun	swe	finske	noun	nor
fender	noun	swe	fender	noun	nor
fenedrin	noun	swe	amfetamin	noun	nor
fenol	noun	swe	fenol	noun	nor
fenol	noun	swe	fenol	noun	nor
fenomen	noun	swe	fenomen	noun	nor
fenomenologi	noun	swe	fenomenologi	noun	nor
feodalism	noun	swe	føydalisme	noun	nor
ferie	noun	swe	ferie	noun	nor
fernissa	noun	swe	ferniss	noun	nor
fertilitet	noun	swe	fertilitet	noun	nor
fest	noun	swe	fest	noun	nor
fest	noun	swe	jubalong	noun	nor
fest	noun	swe	kalas	noun	nor
festival	noun	swe	festival	noun	nor
festivitas	noun	swe	festivitas	noun	nor
festivitet	noun	swe	festivitet	noun	nor
festmiddag	noun	swe	festmiddag	noun	nor
festmåltid	noun	swe	festmåltid	noun	nor
festskrift	noun	swe	festskrift	noun	nor
festvåning	noun	swe	selskapslokale	noun	nor
fett	noun	swe	feitt	noun	nor
fett	noun	swe	fett	noun	nor
fiber	noun	swe	fiber	noun	nor
fiberoptik	noun	swe	fiberoptikk	noun	nor
fickkniv	noun	swe	lommekniv	noun	nor
ficktjuv	noun	swe	lommetjuv	noun	nor
ficktjuv	noun	swe	lommetyv	noun	nor
fickur	noun	swe	lommeur	noun	nor
fidus	noun	swe	fidus	noun	nor
fiende	noun	swe	fiende	noun	nor
fight	noun	swe	fight	noun	nor
fighter	noun	swe	fighter	noun	nor
figur	noun	swe	figur	noun	nor
figurant	noun	swe	figurant	noun	nor
fik	noun	swe	fik	noun	nor
fika	noun	swe	kaffe	noun	nor
fika	noun	swe	kaffi	noun	nor
fikon	noun	swe	fiken	noun	nor
fiktion	noun	swe	fiksjon	noun	nor
fil	noun	swe	fil	noun	nor
filantrop	noun	swe	filantrop	noun	nor
filantropi	noun	swe	filantropi	noun	nor
filateli	noun	swe	filateli	noun	nor
filial	noun	swe	filial	noun	nor
filibuster	noun	swe	filibuster	noun	nor
filigran	noun	swe	filigran	noun	nor
filler	noun	swe	filler	noun	nor
film	noun	swe	film	noun	nor
filmcensur	noun	swe	filmsensur	noun	nor
filmfotograf	noun	swe	filmfotograf	noun	nor
filmmanuskript	noun	swe	filmmanuskript	noun	nor
filmmusik	noun	swe	filmmusikk	noun	nor
filmning	noun	swe	opptak	noun	nor
filmproducent	noun	swe	filmprodusent	noun	nor
filmregissör	noun	swe	filmregissør	noun	nor
filmrulle	noun	swe	filmrull	noun	nor
filolog	noun	swe	filolog	noun	nor
filologi	noun	swe	filologi	noun	nor
filosof	noun	swe	filosof	noun	nor
filosofi	noun	swe	filosofi	noun	nor
filur	noun	swe	filur	noun	nor
filé	noun	swe	filet	noun	nor
final	noun	swe	finale	noun	nor
finalist	noun	swe	finalist	noun	nor
finansman	noun	swe	finansmann	noun	nor
finansminister	noun	swe	finansminister	noun	nor
finess	noun	swe	finesse	noun	nor
finger	noun	swe	finger	noun	nor
fingeravtryck	noun	swe	fingeravtrykk	noun	nor
finish	noun	swe	finis	noun	nor
finish	noun	swe	finish	noun	nor
fink	noun	swe	fink	noun	nor
finkultur	noun	swe	finkultur	noun	nor
finlandssvenska	noun	swe	finlandssvensk	noun	nor
finlandssvenska	noun	swe	finlandssvensk	noun	nor
finlandssvenska	noun	swe	finlandssvenske	noun	nor
finländare	noun	swe	finn	noun	nor
finländare	noun	swe	finne	noun	nor
finländare	noun	swe	finske	noun	nor
finländska	noun	swe	finn	noun	nor
finländska	noun	swe	finne	noun	nor
finländska	noun	swe	finske	noun	nor
finne	noun	swe	finn	noun	nor
finne	noun	swe	finne	noun	nor
finne	noun	swe	finske	noun	nor
finska	noun	swe	finsk	noun	nor
finska	noun	swe	finsk	noun	nor
finsko	noun	swe	finnsko	noun	nor
fiol	noun	swe	fiol	noun	nor
fiol	noun	swe	fiolin	noun	nor
firma	noun	swe	firma	noun	nor
fis	noun	swe	fis	noun	nor
fis	noun	swe	fiss	noun	nor
fisk	noun	swe	fisk	noun	nor
fiskare	noun	swe	fiskar	noun	nor
fiskare	noun	swe	fisker	noun	nor
fiskbulle	noun	swe	fiskebolle	noun	nor
fiskdöd	noun	swe	fiskedød	noun	nor
fiske	noun	swe	fiske	noun	nor
fiske	noun	swe	fiske	noun	nor
fiske	noun	swe	fiskje	noun	nor
fiskebank	noun	swe	fiskebank	noun	nor
fiskebåt	noun	swe	fiskebåt	noun	nor
fiskeflotta	noun	swe	fiskeflåte	noun	nor
fiskekort	noun	swe	fiskekort	noun	nor
fiskekrok	noun	swe	fiskekrok	noun	nor
fiskevatten	noun	swe	fiskevann	noun	nor
fiskevatten	noun	swe	fiskevatn	noun	nor
fiskfilé	noun	swe	fiskefilet	noun	nor
fiskmjöl	noun	swe	fiskemel	noun	nor
fiskmjöl	noun	swe	fiskemjøl	noun	nor
fiskmås	noun	swe	måke	noun	nor
fiskmås	noun	swe	måse	noun	nor
fiskodling	noun	swe	fiskeoppdrett	noun	nor
fission	noun	swe	fisjon	noun	nor
fistel	noun	swe	fistel	noun	nor
fjant	noun	swe	pjatt	noun	nor
fjolleri	noun	swe	fjolleri	noun	nor
fjolleri	noun	swe	flåseri	noun	nor
fjord	noun	swe	fjord	noun	nor
fjordhäst	noun	swe	fjordhest	noun	nor
fjording	noun	swe	fjording	noun	nor
fjun	noun	swe	dun	noun	nor
fjun	noun	swe	dun	noun	nor
fjäderfä	noun	swe	fjørfe	noun	nor
fjäll	noun	swe	fjell	noun	nor
fjälltrakt	noun	swe	fjellheim	noun	nor
fjälltrakt	noun	swe	fjellområde	noun	nor
fjärdedel	noun	swe	firedel	noun	nor
fjärdedel	noun	swe	fjerdedel	noun	nor
fjärdedel	noun	swe	fjerdepart	noun	nor
fjärdedel	noun	swe	fjerding	noun	nor
fjärdedel	noun	swe	kvart	noun	nor
fjäril	noun	swe	fivreld	noun	nor
fjäril	noun	swe	fivrelde	noun	nor
fjäril	noun	swe	sommarfugl	noun	nor
fjäril	noun	swe	sommerfugl	noun	nor
fjärilsim	noun	swe	butterfly	noun	nor
fjärrtåg	noun	swe	fjerntog	noun	nor
fjärrvärme	noun	swe	fjernvarme	noun	nor
fjärt	noun	swe	fjert	noun	nor
flagg	noun	swe	flagg	noun	nor
flagga	noun	swe	flagg	noun	nor
flagga	noun	swe	flak	noun	nor
flaggskepp	noun	swe	flaggskip	noun	nor
flak	noun	swe	flak	noun	nor
flamenco	noun	swe	flamenco	noun	nor
flamingo	noun	swe	flamingo	noun	nor
flamma	noun	swe	flamme	noun	nor
flams	noun	swe	fjas	noun	nor
flank	noun	swe	flanke	noun	nor
flanör	noun	swe	flanør	noun	nor
flaskhals	noun	swe	flaskehals	noun	nor
flaskpost	noun	swe	flaskepost	noun	nor
flertal	noun	swe	fleirtal	noun	nor
flertal	noun	swe	flertall	noun	nor
flexibilitet	noun	swe	fleksibilitet	noun	nor
flicka	noun	swe	jente	noun	nor
flicka	noun	swe	pike	noun	nor
flickebarn	noun	swe	jentebarn	noun	nor
flickebarn	noun	swe	jentunge	noun	nor
flickjägare	noun	swe	jentefut	noun	nor
flickjägare	noun	swe	skjørtejeger	noun	nor
flickvän	noun	swe	kjærast	noun	nor
flickvän	noun	swe	kjæraste	noun	nor
flickvän	noun	swe	kjæreste	noun	nor
flirt	noun	swe	flørt	noun	nor
flit	noun	swe	flid	noun	nor
flock	noun	swe	flokk	noun	nor
flock	noun	swe	skokk	noun	nor
flod	noun	swe	elv	noun	nor
flodhäst	noun	swe	flodhest	noun	nor
flop	noun	swe	flopp	noun	nor
flopp	noun	swe	flopp	noun	nor
flora	noun	swe	flora	noun	nor
floskel	noun	swe	floskel	noun	nor
flotta	noun	swe	flåte	noun	nor
flotte	noun	swe	flåte	noun	nor
flottilj	noun	swe	flåte	noun	nor
flottör	noun	swe	flottør	noun	nor
fluidum	noun	swe	fluidum	noun	nor
fluktuation	noun	swe	fluktuasjon	noun	nor
fly	noun	swe	fly	noun	nor
fly	noun	swe	fly	noun	nor
flyg	noun	swe	fly	noun	nor
flygbiljett	noun	swe	flybillett	noun	nor
flygblad	noun	swe	flygeblad	noun	nor
flygbolag	noun	swe	flyselskap	noun	nor
flygel	noun	swe	fløy	noun	nor
flygfoto	noun	swe	flyfoto	noun	nor
flygfält	noun	swe	flyplass	noun	nor
flygning	noun	swe	flyging	noun	nor
flygning	noun	swe	flygning	noun	nor
flygplan	noun	swe	fly	noun	nor
flygplats	noun	swe	lufthamn	noun	nor
flygplats	noun	swe	lufthavn	noun	nor
flygvapen	noun	swe	flyvåpen	noun	nor
flykt	noun	swe	flukt	noun	nor
flykting	noun	swe	flyktning	noun	nor
flykting	noun	swe	rømling	noun	nor
flyt	noun	swe	flyt	noun	nor
flytning	noun	swe	flytting	noun	nor
flytt	noun	swe	flytting	noun	nor
flyttning	noun	swe	flytting	noun	nor
flytväst	noun	swe	flytevest	noun	nor
flytväst	noun	swe	redningsvest	noun	nor
fläck	noun	swe	flekk	noun	nor
fläck	noun	swe	plett	noun	nor
fläkt	noun	swe	ventilator	noun	nor
fläsk	noun	swe	bacon	noun	nor
fläsk	noun	swe	flesk	noun	nor
fläsk	noun	swe	svinekjøtt	noun	nor
fläskkött	noun	swe	flesk	noun	nor
fläskkött	noun	swe	svinekjøtt	noun	nor
flöde	noun	swe	flyt	noun	nor
flöj	noun	swe	fløy	noun	nor
flöjt	noun	swe	fløyte	noun	nor
flöjtist	noun	swe	fløytist	noun	nor
fnas	noun	swe	flass	noun	nor
fnas	noun	swe	skil	noun	nor
fnas	noun	swe	skjel	noun	nor
fnas	noun	swe	skjell	noun	nor
fnasker	noun	swe	purk	noun	nor
fniss	noun	swe	fnis	noun	nor
fniss	noun	swe	knis	noun	nor
fobi	noun	swe	fobi	noun	nor
fodral	noun	swe	futteral	noun	nor
fogde	noun	swe	fut	noun	nor
fokus	noun	swe	fokus	noun	nor
folie	noun	swe	folie	noun	nor
folio	noun	swe	folio	noun	nor
folk	noun	swe	folk	noun	nor
folkbokföring	noun	swe	folkeregister	noun	nor
folkdans	noun	swe	folkedans	noun	nor
folkdjup	noun	swe	folkedjup	noun	nor
folkdjup	noun	swe	folkedyp	noun	nor
folkfront	noun	swe	folkefront	noun	nor
folkliv	noun	swe	folkeliv	noun	nor
folklore	noun	swe	folklore	noun	nor
folklorist	noun	swe	folklorist	noun	nor
folkloristik	noun	swe	folkloristikk	noun	nor
folkmedicin	noun	swe	folkemedisin	noun	nor
folkmord	noun	swe	folkemord	noun	nor
folkmängd	noun	swe	befolkning	noun	nor
folkmängd	noun	swe	folkesetnad	noun	nor
folkomröstning	noun	swe	folkeavstemming	noun	nor
folkomröstning	noun	swe	folkeavstemning	noun	nor
folkpension	noun	swe	folkepensjon	noun	nor
folkpensionär	noun	swe	minstepensjonist	noun	nor
folkräkning	noun	swe	folketeljing	noun	nor
folkräkning	noun	swe	folketelling	noun	nor
folksamling	noun	swe	forsamling	noun	nor
folkslag	noun	swe	folkeslag	noun	nor
fon	noun	swe	fon	noun	nor
fond	noun	swe	fond	noun	nor
fond	noun	swe	fond	noun	nor
fond	noun	swe	trust	noun	nor
fonem	noun	swe	fonem	noun	nor
fonetik	noun	swe	fonetikk	noun	nor
fonologi	noun	swe	fonologi	noun	nor
fonologi	noun	swe	lydverk	noun	nor
font	noun	swe	font	noun	nor
fordon	noun	swe	doning	noun	nor
fordon	noun	swe	kjøretøy	noun	nor
fordon	noun	swe	køyretøy	noun	nor
form	noun	swe	form	noun	nor
formalitet	noun	swe	formalitet	noun	nor
format	noun	swe	format	noun	nor
formation	noun	swe	formasjon	noun	nor
formel	noun	swe	formel	noun	nor
formspråk	noun	swe	formspråk	noun	nor
formulär	noun	swe	formular	noun	nor
formulär	noun	swe	formular	noun	nor
forntid	noun	swe	fortid	noun	nor
fors	noun	swe	straum	noun	nor
fors	noun	swe	strøm	noun	nor
forskare	noun	swe	forskar	noun	nor
forskare	noun	swe	forsker	noun	nor
forskning	noun	swe	forsking	noun	nor
forskning	noun	swe	forsking	noun	nor
forskning	noun	swe	forskning	noun	nor
forskningsresultat	noun	swe	forskingsresultat	noun	nor
forskningsråd	noun	swe	forskingsråd	noun	nor
fort	noun	swe	fort	noun	nor
fortskridande	noun	swe	framskritt	noun	nor
fortskridande	noun	swe	framsteg	noun	nor
fortskridande	noun	swe	fremskritt	noun	nor
fortsättning	noun	swe	fortsetting	noun	nor
fortsättning	noun	swe	fortsettelse	noun	nor
fortsättning	noun	swe	framhald	noun	nor
forum	noun	swe	forum	noun	nor
forward	noun	swe	forward	noun	nor
fosfor	noun	swe	fosfor	noun	nor
fosfor	noun	swe	fosfor	noun	nor
fossil	noun	swe	fossil	noun	nor
foster	noun	swe	foster	noun	nor
fosterbarn	noun	swe	fosterbarn	noun	nor
fosterland	noun	swe	fedreland	noun	nor
fot	noun	swe	fot	noun	nor
fotbad	noun	swe	fotbad	noun	nor
fotblad	noun	swe	fotblad	noun	nor
fotboll	noun	swe	fotball	noun	nor
fotfolk	noun	swe	fotfolk	noun	nor
fotfäste	noun	swe	fotfeste	noun	nor
fotnot	noun	swe	fotnote	noun	nor
foto	noun	swe	foto	noun	nor
fotograf	noun	swe	fotograf	noun	nor
fotografering	noun	swe	fotografering	noun	nor
fotografi	noun	swe	fotografi	noun	nor
fotografi	noun	swe	fotografi	noun	nor
fotokopia	noun	swe	fotokopi	noun	nor
fotometer	noun	swe	fotometer	noun	nor
fotomodell	noun	swe	fotomodell	noun	nor
foton	noun	swe	foton	noun	nor
fotosyntes	noun	swe	fotosyntese	noun	nor
fotspår	noun	swe	fotefar	noun	nor
fotspår	noun	swe	fotspor	noun	nor
fotsteg	noun	swe	trinn	noun	nor
fotända	noun	swe	fotende	noun	nor
foyer	noun	swe	foajé	noun	nor
frack	noun	swe	kjole	noun	nor
frack	noun	swe	livkjole	noun	nor
fragment	noun	swe	fragment	noun	nor
frakt	noun	swe	last	noun	nor
fraktion	noun	swe	fraksjon	noun	nor
fraktsats	noun	swe	fraktrate	noun	nor
fraktur	noun	swe	fraktur	noun	nor
framfart	noun	swe	framferd	noun	nor
framfart	noun	swe	fremferd	noun	nor
framgång	noun	swe	framgang	noun	nor
framgång	noun	swe	fremgang	noun	nor
framgång	noun	swe	suksess	noun	nor
frammarsch	noun	swe	frammarsj	noun	nor
frammarsch	noun	swe	fremmarsj	noun	nor
framsteg	noun	swe	framskritt	noun	nor
framsteg	noun	swe	framsteg	noun	nor
framsteg	noun	swe	fremskritt	noun	nor
framställning	noun	swe	framstilling	noun	nor
framställning	noun	swe	fremstilling	noun	nor
framtid	noun	swe	framtid	noun	nor
framtid	noun	swe	fremtid	noun	nor
framtoning	noun	swe	framtoning	noun	nor
framtoning	noun	swe	fremtoning	noun	nor
framträdande	noun	swe	framferd	noun	nor
framträdande	noun	swe	opptreden	noun	nor
framväxt	noun	swe	framvokster	noun	nor
framväxt	noun	swe	fremvekst	noun	nor
franc	noun	swe	franc	noun	nor
franska	noun	swe	fransk	noun	nor
franska	noun	swe	fransk	noun	nor
franskbröd	noun	swe	franskbrød	noun	nor
fransman	noun	swe	franskmann	noun	nor
fras	noun	swe	frase	noun	nor
fred	noun	swe	fred	noun	nor
fredag	noun	swe	fredag	noun	nor
fredsavtal	noun	swe	fredsavtale	noun	nor
fredsduva	noun	swe	fredsdue	noun	nor
fredsfördrag	noun	swe	fredsavtale	noun	nor
fredspris	noun	swe	fredspris	noun	nor
fregatt	noun	swe	fregatt	noun	nor
frekvens	noun	swe	frekvens	noun	nor
fresk	noun	swe	freske	noun	nor
fribiljett	noun	swe	fribillett	noun	nor
frid	noun	swe	fred	noun	nor
fridag	noun	swe	fridag	noun	nor
frieri	noun	swe	frieri	noun	nor
frifräsare	noun	swe	frisinn	noun	nor
frigörelse	noun	swe	frigjøring	noun	nor
frihandel	noun	swe	frihandel	noun	nor
frihandelsområde	noun	swe	frihandelsområde	noun	nor
frihet	noun	swe	fridom	noun	nor
frihet	noun	swe	frihet	noun	nor
friidrott	noun	swe	friidrett	noun	nor
frikadell	noun	swe	kjøttbolle	noun	nor
frikativa	noun	swe	frikativ	noun	nor
friktion	noun	swe	friksjon	noun	nor
frilansare	noun	swe	frilans	noun	nor
friluftsbad	noun	swe	friluftsbad	noun	nor
friluftsliv	noun	swe	friluftsliv	noun	nor
frimureri	noun	swe	frimureri	noun	nor
frimärke	noun	swe	frimerke	noun	nor
frisersalong	noun	swe	frisersalong	noun	nor
frisersalong	noun	swe	frisørsalong	noun	nor
frisinne	noun	swe	frisinn	noun	nor
friskintyg	noun	swe	legeattest	noun	nor
frispark	noun	swe	frispark	noun	nor
frist	noun	swe	frist	noun	nor
fristat	noun	swe	fristat	noun	nor
fristil	noun	swe	fristil	noun	nor
frisyr	noun	swe	frisyre	noun	nor
frisyr	noun	swe	hårfrisyre	noun	nor
frisör	noun	swe	frisør	noun	nor
fritid	noun	swe	fritid	noun	nor
fritidsaktivitet	noun	swe	fritidsaktivitet	noun	nor
fritidshus	noun	swe	fritidshus	noun	nor
fromage	noun	swe	fromasj	noun	nor
front	noun	swe	front	noun	nor
frontavsnitt	noun	swe	frontavsnitt	noun	nor
frontsoldat	noun	swe	frontsoldat	noun	nor
frost	noun	swe	frost	noun	nor
frostskada	noun	swe	frostskade	noun	nor
fru	noun	swe	frue	noun	nor
fru	noun	swe	kone	noun	nor
fruga	noun	swe	kone	noun	nor
frukost	noun	swe	frukost	noun	nor
frukost	noun	swe	frokost	noun	nor
frukt	noun	swe	frukt	noun	nor
fruktan	noun	swe	frykt	noun	nor
fruktan	noun	swe	otte	noun	nor
fruktkniv	noun	swe	fruktkniv	noun	nor
fruktos	noun	swe	fruktose	noun	nor
fruktsocker	noun	swe	fruktsukker	noun	nor
fruktträd	noun	swe	frukttre	noun	nor
fruntimmer	noun	swe	fruentimmer	noun	nor
frustration	noun	swe	frustrasjon	noun	nor
frys	noun	swe	frys	noun	nor
frysdisk	noun	swe	frysedisk	noun	nor
främling	noun	swe	utlending	noun	nor
frände	noun	swe	frende	noun	nor
fråga	noun	swe	spurdag	noun	nor
fråga	noun	swe	spurnad	noun	nor
fråga	noun	swe	spørsmål	noun	nor
frågesport	noun	swe	quiz	noun	nor
frågeställning	noun	swe	problematikk	noun	nor
frågetävling	noun	swe	quiz	noun	nor
frånfälle	noun	swe	bortgang	noun	nor
frånvaro	noun	swe	skoft	noun	nor
frånvaro	noun	swe	skoft	noun	nor
frö	noun	swe	frosk	noun	nor
frö	noun	swe	frø	noun	nor
frö	noun	swe	lopp	noun	nor
fröjd	noun	swe	fagnad	noun	nor
fröjd	noun	swe	glede	noun	nor
fukt	noun	swe	fukt	noun	nor
fuktighet	noun	swe	fukt	noun	nor
fuktighet	noun	swe	fuktighet	noun	nor
ful	noun	swe	grim	noun	nor
fundament	noun	swe	fundament	noun	nor
fundamentalism	noun	swe	fundamentalisme	noun	nor
funkis	noun	swe	funkis	noun	nor
funktion	noun	swe	funksjon	noun	nor
funktionär	noun	swe	funksjonær	noun	nor
fura	noun	swe	furu	noun	nor
fura	noun	swe	fyr	noun	nor
fura	noun	swe	fyr	noun	nor
fura	noun	swe	ladd	noun	nor
furore	noun	swe	furore	noun	nor
fusion	noun	swe	fusjon	noun	nor
fusk	noun	swe	fusk	noun	nor
fusk	noun	swe	larv	noun	nor
futurism	noun	swe	futurisme	noun	nor
futurist	noun	swe	futurist	noun	nor
futurum	noun	swe	futurum	noun	nor
fyllbult	noun	swe	drukkenbolt	noun	nor
fyllbult	noun	swe	fyllik	noun	nor
fyllkaja	noun	swe	drukkenbolt	noun	nor
fyllkaja	noun	swe	fyllik	noun	nor
fyllning	noun	swe	fylling	noun	nor
fynd	noun	swe	funn	noun	nor
fyndighet	noun	swe	forekomst	noun	nor
fyndighet	noun	swe	førekomst	noun	nor
fyr	noun	swe	furu	noun	nor
fyr	noun	swe	fyr	noun	nor
fyr	noun	swe	fyr	noun	nor
fyr	noun	swe	fyrtårn	noun	nor
fyr	noun	swe	ladd	noun	nor
fyra	noun	swe	firar	noun	nor
fyra	noun	swe	fire	noun	nor
fyra	noun	swe	firer	noun	nor
fyrkant	noun	swe	firkant	noun	nor
fyrverkeri	noun	swe	fyrverkeri	noun	nor
fyrväppling	noun	swe	firkløver	noun	nor
fyrväppling	noun	swe	firkløver	noun	nor
fysik	noun	swe	fysikk	noun	nor
fysiolog	noun	swe	fysiolog	noun	nor
fysiologi	noun	swe	fysiologi	noun	nor
fäderne	noun	swe	far	noun	nor
fäderne	noun	swe	far	noun	nor
fäderne	noun	swe	pappa	noun	nor
fädernesland	noun	swe	fedreland	noun	nor
fälg	noun	swe	felg	noun	nor
fälla	noun	swe	felle	noun	nor
fällstol	noun	swe	fluktstol	noun	nor
fällstol	noun	swe	klappstol	noun	nor
fält	noun	swe	felt	noun	nor
fält	noun	swe	felt	noun	nor
fältslag	noun	swe	slag	noun	nor
fältslag	noun	swe	slagg	noun	nor
fälttåg	noun	swe	felttog	noun	nor
fängelse	noun	swe	fengsel	noun	nor
fängelse	noun	swe	fengsel	noun	nor
fänrik	noun	swe	fenrik	noun	nor
färd	noun	swe	ferd	noun	nor
färd	noun	swe	reis	noun	nor
färd	noun	swe	reise	noun	nor
färdighet	noun	swe	ferdigheit	noun	nor
färdighet	noun	swe	ferdighet	noun	nor
färdighet	noun	swe	tek	noun	nor
färdväg	noun	swe	veg	noun	nor
färdväg	noun	swe	vei	noun	nor
färg	noun	swe	farge	noun	nor
färg	noun	swe	farve	noun	nor
färg	noun	swe	let	noun	nor
färgeri	noun	swe	fargeri	noun	nor
färgfilm	noun	swe	fargefilm	noun	nor
färghandel	noun	swe	fargehandel	noun	nor
färgklick	noun	swe	fargeklatt	noun	nor
färgpenna	noun	swe	fargeblyant	noun	nor
färing	noun	swe	færing	noun	nor
färing	noun	swe	færøying	noun	nor
färja	noun	swe	ferje	noun	nor
färöiska	noun	swe	færøysk	noun	nor
färöiska	noun	swe	færøysk	noun	nor
fäste	noun	swe	feste	noun	nor
fästning	noun	swe	festning	noun	nor
fågel	noun	swe	fugl	noun	nor
fågelskrämma	noun	swe	fugleskremsel	noun	nor
fågelskrämma	noun	swe	fugleskræmsel	noun	nor
fågelskådare	noun	swe	ornitolog	noun	nor
fåneri	noun	swe	dumhet	noun	nor
fåneri	noun	swe	dumskap	noun	nor
fånge	noun	swe	fange	noun	nor
fånge	noun	swe	fange	noun	nor
fångst	noun	swe	fangst	noun	nor
fångvaktare	noun	swe	sluttar	noun	nor
fångvaktare	noun	swe	slutter	noun	nor
får	noun	swe	får	noun	nor
får	noun	swe	fòr	noun	nor
får	noun	swe	sau	noun	nor
fårskinn	noun	swe	lammeskinn	noun	nor
fåtal	noun	swe	fåtal	noun	nor
fåtölj	noun	swe	lenestol	noun	nor
föda	noun	swe	føde	noun	nor
födelse	noun	swe	fødsel	noun	nor
födelsedag	noun	swe	bursdag	noun	nor
födelsedag	noun	swe	fødselsdag	noun	nor
födelsekontroll	noun	swe	fødselskontroll	noun	nor
födkrok	noun	swe	levebrød	noun	nor
födsel	noun	swe	fødsel	noun	nor
föl	noun	swe	fole	noun	nor
föl	noun	swe	føl	noun	nor
följd	noun	swe	fylgd	noun	nor
följd	noun	swe	fylgje	noun	nor
följd	noun	swe	fylgje	noun	nor
följd	noun	swe	følgd	noun	nor
följd	noun	swe	følge	noun	nor
följd	noun	swe	følge	noun	nor
följd	noun	swe	følgje	noun	nor
följd	noun	swe	følgje	noun	nor
följd	noun	swe	konsekvens	noun	nor
fön	noun	swe	føn	noun	nor
fönster	noun	swe	vindauge	noun	nor
fönster	noun	swe	vindu	noun	nor
förare	noun	swe	bilist	noun	nor
förband	noun	swe	forband	noun	nor
förbehåll	noun	swe	atterhald	noun	nor
förbehåll	noun	swe	forbehold	noun	nor
förbindelse	noun	swe	forbindelse	noun	nor
förbindelse	noun	swe	samband	noun	nor
förbiseende	noun	swe	uaktsemd	noun	nor
förbiseende	noun	swe	uaktsomhet	noun	nor
förbrukningsartikel	noun	swe	bruksgjenstand	noun	nor
förbränning	noun	swe	forbrenning	noun	nor
förbränningsmotor	noun	swe	forbrenningsmotor	noun	nor
förbud	noun	swe	forbod	noun	nor
förbud	noun	swe	forbud	noun	nor
förbund	noun	swe	forbund	noun	nor
förbundsdag	noun	swe	forbundsdag	noun	nor
förbundsstat	noun	swe	forbundsstat	noun	nor
fördel	noun	swe	fordel	noun	nor
fördom	noun	swe	fordom	noun	nor
fördrag	noun	swe	avtale	noun	nor
fördrag	noun	swe	foredrag	noun	nor
fördröjning	noun	swe	forsinkelse	noun	nor
fördärv	noun	swe	forderv	noun	nor
förebild	noun	swe	forbilde	noun	nor
förebild	noun	swe	førebilde	noun	nor
förebud	noun	swe	omen	noun	nor
förebud	noun	swe	varsel	noun	nor
föredrag	noun	swe	foredrag	noun	nor
förekomst	noun	swe	forekomst	noun	nor
förekomst	noun	swe	førekomst	noun	nor
föreläggande	noun	swe	pålegg	noun	nor
föremål	noun	swe	gjenstand	noun	nor
förening	noun	swe	foreining	noun	nor
förening	noun	swe	forening	noun	nor
förespråkare	noun	swe	fortalar	noun	nor
förespråkare	noun	swe	fortaler	noun	nor
föreställning	noun	swe	forestilling	noun	nor
föreståndare	noun	swe	forstandar	noun	nor
föreståndare	noun	swe	forstander	noun	nor
företag	noun	swe	bedrift	noun	nor
företag	noun	swe	føretak	noun	nor
företag	noun	swe	selskap	noun	nor
företag	noun	swe	verksemd	noun	nor
företag	noun	swe	virksomhet	noun	nor
företeelse	noun	swe	fenomen	noun	nor
företräde	noun	swe	fordel	noun	nor
företrädesrätt	noun	swe	fortrinnsrett	noun	nor
företrädesrätt	noun	swe	førerett	noun	nor
förfader	noun	swe	forfader	noun	nor
förfall	noun	swe	forfall	noun	nor
förfarande	noun	swe	framgangsmåte	noun	nor
förfarande	noun	swe	fremgangsmåte	noun	nor
författare	noun	swe	forfattar	noun	nor
författare	noun	swe	forfatter	noun	nor
författarskap	noun	swe	forfattarskap	noun	nor
författarskap	noun	swe	forfatterskap	noun	nor
författning	noun	swe	forfatning	noun	nor
författning	noun	swe	grunnlov	noun	nor
förfogande	noun	swe	rådvelde	noun	nor
förfrågan	noun	swe	forespørsel	noun	nor
förfrågan	noun	swe	førespurnad	noun	nor
förfrågning	noun	swe	spørsmål	noun	nor
förföljelse	noun	swe	forfylging	noun	nor
förföljelse	noun	swe	forfølgelse	noun	nor
förföljelse	noun	swe	forfølging	noun	nor
förföljelsemani	noun	swe	forfylgingsvanvit	noun	nor
förföljelsemani	noun	swe	forfølgelsesvanvidd	noun	nor
förföljelsemani	noun	swe	forfølgingsvanvit	noun	nor
förgrund	noun	swe	forgrunn	noun	nor
förgrundsgestalt	noun	swe	forgrunnsfigur	noun	nor
förgängelse	noun	swe	forgjengelegdom	noun	nor
förgängelse	noun	swe	forgjengelighet	noun	nor
förhandling	noun	swe	forhandling	noun	nor
förhandlingsrätt	noun	swe	forhandlingsrett	noun	nor
förhoppning	noun	swe	forhåpning	noun	nor
förhoppning	noun	swe	von	noun	nor
förhänge	noun	swe	forheng	noun	nor
förhållande	noun	swe	forhold	noun	nor
förhållande	noun	swe	tilhøve	noun	nor
förhållningssätt	noun	swe	framgangsmåte	noun	nor
förhållningssätt	noun	swe	fremgangsmåte	noun	nor
förhör	noun	swe	avhør	noun	nor
förhör	noun	swe	avhøyr	noun	nor
förhör	noun	swe	forhør	noun	nor
förhör	noun	swe	forhøyr	noun	nor
förklaring	noun	swe	erklæring	noun	nor
förklaring	noun	swe	forklaring	noun	nor
förkortning	noun	swe	forkortelse	noun	nor
förlag	noun	swe	forlag	noun	nor
förled	noun	swe	forledd	noun	nor
förlisning	noun	swe	forlis	noun	nor
förlossning	noun	swe	forløsning	noun	nor
förlossning	noun	swe	forløysing	noun	nor
förlossning	noun	swe	fødsel	noun	nor
förlossning	noun	swe	nedkomst	noun	nor
förlust	noun	swe	tap	noun	nor
förläggning	noun	swe	forlegning	noun	nor
förlängning	noun	swe	forlengelse	noun	nor
förman	noun	swe	formann	noun	nor
förmaning	noun	swe	formaning	noun	nor
förmedling	noun	swe	formidling	noun	nor
förmenande	noun	swe	meining	noun	nor
förmenande	noun	swe	mening	noun	nor
förmiddag	noun	swe	formiddag	noun	nor
förmåga	noun	swe	evne	noun	nor
förmån	noun	swe	fordel	noun	nor
förmån	noun	swe	privilegium	noun	nor
förmögenhet	noun	swe	formue	noun	nor
förnamn	noun	swe	fornamn	noun	nor
förnamn	noun	swe	fornavn	noun	nor
förnamn	noun	swe	førenamn	noun	nor
förnimmelse	noun	swe	fornemmelse	noun	nor
förnyelse	noun	swe	fornyelse	noun	nor
förnyelse	noun	swe	fornying	noun	nor
förord	noun	swe	forord	noun	nor
förorening	noun	swe	forureining	noun	nor
förorening	noun	swe	forurensning	noun	nor
förort	noun	swe	forstad	noun	nor
förpackning	noun	swe	emballasje	noun	nor
förpliktelse	noun	swe	forpliktelse	noun	nor
förpliktelse	noun	swe	forplikting	noun	nor
förpliktelse	noun	swe	plikt	noun	nor
förpliktelse	noun	swe	skyldnad	noun	nor
förrätt	noun	swe	forrett	noun	nor
förråd	noun	swe	forråd	noun	nor
församling	noun	swe	forsamling	noun	nor
församling	noun	swe	menighet	noun	nor
försening	noun	swe	forsinkelse	noun	nor
försiktighet	noun	swe	aktsemd	noun	nor
försiktighet	noun	swe	forsiktighet	noun	nor
förskingring	noun	swe	underslag	noun	nor
förskjutning	noun	swe	endring	noun	nor
förskola	noun	swe	barnehage	noun	nor
förskola	noun	swe	førskole	noun	nor
förskollärare	noun	swe	pedagog	noun	nor
förslag	noun	swe	forslag	noun	nor
förstadium	noun	swe	forstadium	noun	nor
försteg	noun	swe	forsprang	noun	nor
förståelse	noun	swe	forståelse	noun	nor
förståelse	noun	swe	forståing	noun	nor
försvar	noun	swe	forsvar	noun	nor
försvarsanläggning	noun	swe	forsvarsanlegg	noun	nor
försvarsstab	noun	swe	forsvarsstab	noun	nor
försvarstal	noun	swe	forsvarstale	noun	nor
försäkringsbolag	noun	swe	forsikringsselskap	noun	nor
försäljare	noun	swe	selger	noun	nor
försäljare	noun	swe	seljar	noun	nor
försäljning	noun	swe	sal	noun	nor
försäljning	noun	swe	salg	noun	nor
försök	noun	swe	forsøk	noun	nor
försöksballong	noun	swe	prøveballong	noun	nor
försöksdjur	noun	swe	forsøksdyr	noun	nor
försökskanin	noun	swe	forsøkskanin	noun	nor
försörjare	noun	swe	forsytar	noun	nor
försörjare	noun	swe	forsørger	noun	nor
försörjare	noun	swe	forsørgjar	noun	nor
försörjning	noun	swe	forsyning	noun	nor
förteckning	noun	swe	register	noun	nor
förteckning	noun	swe	tegning	noun	nor
förtidspension	noun	swe	førtidspensjon	noun	nor
förtjänst	noun	swe	forteneste	noun	nor
förtjänst	noun	swe	fortjeneste	noun	nor
förtroende	noun	swe	lit	noun	nor
förtroende	noun	swe	tillit	noun	nor
förtroende	noun	swe	tillit	noun	nor
förtryck	noun	swe	trælekår	noun	nor
förtryck	noun	swe	undertrykkelse	noun	nor
förtryck	noun	swe	undertrykking	noun	nor
förtvining	noun	swe	svinn	noun	nor
förundran	noun	swe	forundring	noun	nor
förutsättning	noun	swe	forutsetning	noun	nor
förutsättning	noun	swe	føresetnad	noun	nor
förvaltning	noun	swe	embetsverk	noun	nor
förvaltning	noun	swe	forvalting	noun	nor
förvaltning	noun	swe	forvaltning	noun	nor
förvaltningsbolag	noun	swe	holdingselskap	noun	nor
förvandling	noun	swe	forvandling	noun	nor
förvarning	noun	swe	varsku	noun	nor
förvirring	noun	swe	forvirring	noun	nor
förväntan	noun	swe	forventing	noun	nor
förväntan	noun	swe	forventning	noun	nor
förväntning	noun	swe	forventing	noun	nor
förväntning	noun	swe	forventning	noun	nor
förvärv	noun	swe	næringsliv	noun	nor
förvärvsliv	noun	swe	næringsliv	noun	nor
förälder	noun	swe	forelder	noun	nor
föräldraansvar	noun	swe	foreldreansvar	noun	nor
föräldramöte	noun	swe	foreldremøte	noun	nor
förändring	noun	swe	brigde	noun	nor
förändring	noun	swe	endring	noun	nor
förändring	noun	swe	forandring	noun	nor
gadd	noun	swe	brodd	noun	nor
gaffel	noun	swe	gaffel	noun	nor
gaffeltruck	noun	swe	gaffeltruck	noun	nor
gagn	noun	swe	fordel	noun	nor
gagn	noun	swe	gagn	noun	nor
gala	noun	swe	galla	noun	nor
galande	noun	swe	gal	noun	nor
galax	noun	swe	galakse	noun	nor
galej	noun	swe	galei	noun	nor
galenskap	noun	swe	galskap	noun	nor
galge	noun	swe	galge	noun	nor
galghumor	noun	swe	galgenhumor	noun	nor
galla	noun	swe	galla	noun	nor
galleri	noun	swe	galleri	noun	nor
gallon	noun	swe	gallon	noun	nor
gallskrik	noun	swe	vræl	noun	nor
gallup	noun	swe	gallup	noun	nor
galning	noun	swe	galning	noun	nor
galopp	noun	swe	galopp	noun	nor
galoppsport	noun	swe	galoppsport	noun	nor
galt	noun	swe	galt	noun	nor
galt	noun	swe	galte	noun	nor
galt	noun	swe	råne	noun	nor
galärslav	noun	swe	galeislave	noun	nor
gambit	noun	swe	gambit	noun	nor
gamling	noun	swe	gamlekar	noun	nor
gamling	noun	swe	gamling	noun	nor
gammastråle	noun	swe	gammastråle	noun	nor
gammeldans	noun	swe	gammaldans	noun	nor
gammeldans	noun	swe	gammeldans	noun	nor
gammelkommunist	noun	swe	gammalkommunist	noun	nor
gammelkommunist	noun	swe	gammelkommunist	noun	nor
gangster	noun	swe	gangster	noun	nor
gap	noun	swe	gap	noun	nor
gap	noun	swe	gap	noun	nor
gap	noun	swe	gin	noun	nor
garage	noun	swe	garasje	noun	nor
garant	noun	swe	garant	noun	nor
garanti	noun	swe	garanti	noun	nor
gard	noun	swe	gard	noun	nor
gard	noun	swe	garde	noun	nor
gardenia	noun	swe	gardenia	noun	nor
garderob	noun	swe	garderobe	noun	nor
gardist	noun	swe	gardist	noun	nor
garn	noun	swe	garn	noun	nor
garn	noun	swe	hyssing	noun	nor
garn	noun	swe	tråd	noun	nor
garnison	noun	swe	garnison	noun	nor
garnityr	noun	swe	garnityr	noun	nor
garveri	noun	swe	garveri	noun	nor
gas	noun	swe	gas	noun	nor
gas	noun	swe	gass	noun	nor
gas	noun	swe	gas	noun	nor
gas	noun	swe	gass	noun	nor
gasell	noun	swe	gasell	noun	nor
gasexplosion	noun	swe	gasseksplosjon	noun	nor
gaspedal	noun	swe	gasspedal	noun	nor
gast	noun	swe	matros	noun	nor
gastronomi	noun	swe	gastronomi	noun	nor
gasturbin	noun	swe	gassturbin	noun	nor
gasverk	noun	swe	gassverk	noun	nor
gata	noun	swe	gate	noun	nor
gata	noun	swe	veit	noun	nor
gatsten	noun	swe	gatestein	noun	nor
gatukors	noun	swe	gatekryss	noun	nor
gatukorsning	noun	swe	gatekryss	noun	nor
gatukök	noun	swe	gatekjøkken	noun	nor
gaullist	noun	swe	gaullist	noun	nor
gavel	noun	swe	gavl	noun	nor
gavel	noun	swe	ram	noun	nor
geggamoja	noun	swe	mudder	noun	nor
gehör	noun	swe	gehør	noun	nor
gel	noun	swe	gel	noun	nor
gelatin	noun	swe	gelatin	noun	nor
gelatin	noun	swe	gelatin	noun	nor
gelike	noun	swe	like	noun	nor
gemak	noun	swe	gemakk	noun	nor
gemenskap	noun	swe	fellesskap	noun	nor
gemenskap	noun	swe	fellesskap	noun	nor
gemenskap	noun	swe	samlag	noun	nor
gen	noun	swe	gen	noun	nor
gen	noun	swe	gen	noun	nor
gendarmeri	noun	swe	gendarmeri	noun	nor
genealogi	noun	swe	genealogi	noun	nor
general	noun	swe	general	noun	nor
generalagent	noun	swe	generalagent	noun	nor
generaldirektör	noun	swe	generaldirektør	noun	nor
generalguvernör	noun	swe	generalguvernør	noun	nor
generalkonsul	noun	swe	generalkonsul	noun	nor
generallöjtnant	noun	swe	generalløytnant	noun	nor
generalmajor	noun	swe	generalmajor	noun	nor
generalplan	noun	swe	generalplan	noun	nor
generalrep	noun	swe	generalprøve	noun	nor
generalrepetition	noun	swe	generalprøve	noun	nor
generalstab	noun	swe	generalstab	noun	nor
generation	noun	swe	generasjon	noun	nor
generator	noun	swe	generator	noun	nor
generositet	noun	swe	sjenerøsitet	noun	nor
genetik	noun	swe	genetikk	noun	nor
genever	noun	swe	genever	noun	nor
genialitet	noun	swe	genialitet	noun	nor
genitiv	noun	swe	genitiv	noun	nor
genius	noun	swe	genius	noun	nor
genklang	noun	swe	gjenklang	noun	nor
genombrott	noun	swe	gjennombrot	noun	nor
genombrott	noun	swe	gjennombrudd	noun	nor
genombrott	noun	swe	nybrot	noun	nor
genombrott	noun	swe	nybrott	noun	nor
genomgång	noun	swe	gjennomgang	noun	nor
genomslag	noun	swe	gjennomslag	noun	nor
genomsnitt	noun	swe	gjennomsnitt	noun	nor
genre	noun	swe	genre	noun	nor
genre	noun	swe	sjanger	noun	nor
genrep	noun	swe	generalprøve	noun	nor
gensvar	noun	swe	reaksjon	noun	nor
gentleman	noun	swe	gentleman	noun	nor
genus	noun	swe	genus	noun	nor
genus	noun	swe	genus	noun	nor
genväg	noun	swe	snarveg	noun	nor
genväg	noun	swe	snarvei	noun	nor
geofysik	noun	swe	geofysikk	noun	nor
geograf	noun	swe	geograf	noun	nor
geografi	noun	swe	geografi	noun	nor
geolog	noun	swe	geolog	noun	nor
geologi	noun	swe	geologi	noun	nor
geometri	noun	swe	geometri	noun	nor
geopolitik	noun	swe	geopolitikk	noun	nor
georgette	noun	swe	georgette	noun	nor
gepard	noun	swe	gepard	noun	nor
gepäck	noun	swe	bagasje	noun	nor
geranium	noun	swe	geranium	noun	nor
geriatri	noun	swe	geriatri	noun	nor
gerilla	noun	swe	gerilja	noun	nor
geschäft	noun	swe	geskjeft	noun	nor
gesims	noun	swe	gesims	noun	nor
gest	noun	swe	gest	noun	nor
gest	noun	swe	gestus	noun	nor
gestalt	noun	swe	figur	noun	nor
gestalt	noun	swe	gestalt	noun	nor
gestaltning	noun	swe	gestalt	noun	nor
gestaltpsykologi	noun	swe	gestaltpsykologi	noun	nor
get	noun	swe	geit	noun	nor
geting	noun	swe	veps	noun	nor
getost	noun	swe	geitost	noun	nor
gevär	noun	swe	gevær	noun	nor
gevärskolv	noun	swe	geværkolbe	noun	nor
gift	noun	swe	eiter	noun	nor
gift	noun	swe	gift	noun	nor
gifte	noun	swe	ekteskap	noun	nor
giftgas	noun	swe	giftgass	noun	nor
giftmord	noun	swe	giftmord	noun	nor
giftorm	noun	swe	giftslange	noun	nor
gigant	noun	swe	gigant	noun	nor
gigawatt	noun	swe	gigawatt	noun	nor
gigolo	noun	swe	gigolo	noun	nor
giljotin	noun	swe	giljotin	noun	nor
giljotin	noun	swe	guillotine	noun	nor
gille	noun	swe	gilde	noun	nor
gimmick	noun	swe	gimmick	noun	nor
ginseng	noun	swe	ginseng	noun	nor
ginstkatt	noun	swe	sort	noun	nor
ginstkatt	noun	swe	svart	noun	nor
gips	noun	swe	gips	noun	nor
gir	noun	swe	drei	noun	nor
giraff	noun	swe	sjiraff	noun	nor
girland	noun	swe	girlander	noun	nor
gissel	noun	swe	gissel	noun	nor
gisslan	noun	swe	gissel	noun	nor
gisslan	noun	swe	gissel	noun	nor
gitarr	noun	swe	gitar	noun	nor
gitarrist	noun	swe	gitarist	noun	nor
gitter	noun	swe	gitter	noun	nor
glaciolog	noun	swe	glasiolog	noun	nor
glaciär	noun	swe	gletsjer	noun	nor
glaciär	noun	swe	isbre	noun	nor
gladiator	noun	swe	gladiator	noun	nor
glamour	noun	swe	glamour	noun	nor
glans	noun	swe	glans	noun	nor
glas	noun	swe	glas	noun	nor
glas	noun	swe	glass	noun	nor
glasfiber	noun	swe	glasfiber	noun	nor
glashus	noun	swe	glashus	noun	nor
glasnost	noun	swe	glasnost	noun	nor
glass	noun	swe	glas	noun	nor
glass	noun	swe	is	noun	nor
glass	noun	swe	iskrem	noun	nor
glassmaskin	noun	swe	ismaskin	noun	nor
glasspinne	noun	swe	ispinne	noun	nor
glasyr	noun	swe	glasur	noun	nor
gli	noun	swe	fiskeyngel	noun	nor
gli	noun	swe	gyte	noun	nor
gli	noun	swe	gått	noun	nor
gli	noun	swe	mad	noun	nor
glid	noun	swe	glid	noun	nor
glid	noun	swe	glid	noun	nor
glima	noun	swe	glima	noun	nor
glimmer	noun	swe	glimmer	noun	nor
glimt	noun	swe	glimt	noun	nor
glimt	noun	swe	glimt	noun	nor
glimt	noun	swe	gløtt	noun	nor
glimt	noun	swe	skimmer	noun	nor
glimt	noun	swe	snurt	noun	nor
globetrotter	noun	swe	globetrotter	noun	nor
gloria	noun	swe	gloria	noun	nor
glukos	noun	swe	glukose	noun	nor
gluten	noun	swe	gluten	noun	nor
glykogen	noun	swe	glykogen	noun	nor
glykol	noun	swe	glykol	noun	nor
glytt	noun	swe	barn	noun	nor
glädje	noun	swe	fagnad	noun	nor
glädje	noun	swe	glede	noun	nor
glåpord	noun	swe	ukvemsord	noun	nor
glöd	noun	swe	glød	noun	nor
glödlampa	noun	swe	glødelampe	noun	nor
glögg	noun	swe	gløgg	noun	nor
gnejs	noun	swe	gneis	noun	nor
gnist	noun	swe	gnist	noun	nor
gnista	noun	swe	gnist	noun	nor
gnu	noun	swe	gnu	noun	nor
gnutta	noun	swe	gran	noun	nor
gnutta	noun	swe	grann	noun	nor
gnäll	noun	swe	jammer	noun	nor
gode	noun	swe	gode	noun	nor
gode	noun	swe	gode	noun	nor
goding	noun	swe	godt	noun	nor
godkännande	noun	swe	aksept	noun	nor
gods	noun	swe	gods	noun	nor
godsak	noun	swe	godt	noun	nor
godstrafik	noun	swe	godstrafikk	noun	nor
godståg	noun	swe	godstog	noun	nor
golf	noun	swe	golf	noun	nor
golfbana	noun	swe	golfbane	noun	nor
golv	noun	swe	golv	noun	nor
golv	noun	swe	gulv	noun	nor
gom	noun	swe	gom	noun	nor
gomspene	noun	swe	drøvel	noun	nor
gon	noun	swe	gon	noun	nor
gondol	noun	swe	gondol	noun	nor
goodwill	noun	swe	godvilje	noun	nor
goodwill	noun	swe	goodwill	noun	nor
gordonsetter	noun	swe	gordonsetter	noun	nor
gorgonzola	noun	swe	gorgonzola	noun	nor
gorilla	noun	swe	gorilla	noun	nor
gospel	noun	swe	gospel	noun	nor
gotik	noun	swe	gotikk	noun	nor
gotiska	noun	swe	gotisk	noun	nor
gotiska	noun	swe	gotisk	noun	nor
gottgörelse	noun	swe	godtgjersle	noun	nor
gottgörelse	noun	swe	godtgjørelse	noun	nor
gottgörelse	noun	swe	godtgjøring	noun	nor
gourmand	noun	swe	gourmand	noun	nor
gourmet	noun	swe	gourmet	noun	nor
grabb	noun	swe	dreng	noun	nor
grabb	noun	swe	grabb	noun	nor
grabb	noun	swe	gut	noun	nor
grabb	noun	swe	gutt	noun	nor
grabb	noun	swe	guttunge	noun	nor
grabb	noun	swe	gutunge	noun	nor
grabb	noun	swe	pilt	noun	nor
grad	noun	swe	grad	noun	nor
gradtal	noun	swe	gradtal	noun	nor
graf	noun	swe	graf	noun	nor
graffiti	noun	swe	graffiti	noun	nor
grafik	noun	swe	grafikk	noun	nor
grafit	noun	swe	grafitt	noun	nor
gram	noun	swe	gram	noun	nor
gram	noun	swe	gram	noun	nor
grammatik	noun	swe	grammatikk	noun	nor
grammofon	noun	swe	grammofon	noun	nor
gran	noun	swe	gran	noun	nor
gran	noun	swe	gran	noun	nor
gran	noun	swe	grann	noun	nor
gran	noun	swe	grantre	noun	nor
granat	noun	swe	granat	noun	nor
granateld	noun	swe	granateld	noun	nor
grand	noun	swe	grand	noun	nor
grand	noun	swe	splint	noun	nor
grand	noun	swe	grand	noun	nor
granit	noun	swe	granitt	noun	nor
granne	noun	swe	granne	noun	nor
granne	noun	swe	nabo	noun	nor
grannland	noun	swe	granneland	noun	nor
grannland	noun	swe	naboland	noun	nor
grannskap	noun	swe	nabolag	noun	nor
granskning	noun	swe	gransking	noun	nor
granskning	noun	swe	granskning	noun	nor
granskning	noun	swe	undersøkelse	noun	nor
granskning	noun	swe	undersøking	noun	nor
granskningskommission	noun	swe	granskingskommisjon	noun	nor
granskog	noun	swe	furuskog	noun	nor
granskog	noun	swe	granskog	noun	nor
granulat	noun	swe	granulat	noun	nor
gratifikation	noun	swe	gratiale	noun	nor
gratin	noun	swe	grateng	noun	nor
gratulant	noun	swe	gratulant	noun	nor
grav	noun	swe	grav	noun	nor
grav	noun	swe	grav	noun	nor
gravfält	noun	swe	gravfelt	noun	nor
gravhög	noun	swe	gravhaug	noun	nor
graviditet	noun	swe	graviditet	noun	nor
gravitation	noun	swe	gravitasjon	noun	nor
gravkapell	noun	swe	gravkapell	noun	nor
gravlax	noun	swe	gravlaks	noun	nor
gravsten	noun	swe	gravenstein	noun	nor
gravsten	noun	swe	gravstein	noun	nor
gravöl	noun	swe	gravøl	noun	nor
gray	noun	swe	gray	noun	nor
green	noun	swe	green	noun	nor
grej	noun	swe	greie	noun	nor
grej	noun	swe	ting	noun	nor
grej	noun	swe	ting	noun	nor
grek	noun	swe	grekar	noun	nor
grek	noun	swe	greker	noun	nor
grekiska	noun	swe	gresk	noun	nor
grekiska	noun	swe	gresk	noun	nor
gren	noun	swe	grein	noun	nor
gren	noun	swe	gren	noun	nor
grenadier	noun	swe	grenader	noun	nor
grepe	noun	swe	greip	noun	nor
grepe	noun	swe	grep	noun	nor
grepe	noun	swe	grev	noun	nor
grepp	noun	swe	greip	noun	nor
grepp	noun	swe	grep	noun	nor
grepp	noun	swe	grev	noun	nor
greve	noun	swe	greve	noun	nor
grevskap	noun	swe	grevskap	noun	nor
greyhound	noun	swe	greyhound	noun	nor
grill	noun	swe	grill	noun	nor
grillbar	noun	swe	grillbar	noun	nor
grind	noun	swe	lok	noun	nor
grind	noun	swe	lokk	noun	nor
gringo	noun	swe	gringo	noun	nor
gris	noun	swe	gris	noun	nor
griseri	noun	swe	griseri	noun	nor
grizzlybjörn	noun	swe	grizzlybjørn	noun	nor
groda	noun	swe	frosk	noun	nor
groda	noun	swe	frø	noun	nor
groda	noun	swe	lopp	noun	nor
grodd	noun	swe	groe	noun	nor
grodlår	noun	swe	froskelår	noun	nor
grodman	noun	swe	froskemann	noun	nor
grogrund	noun	swe	grobotn	noun	nor
grogrund	noun	swe	grobunn	noun	nor
groll	noun	swe	agg	noun	nor
groll	noun	swe	nag	noun	nor
grossist	noun	swe	grossist	noun	nor
grotesk	noun	swe	grotesk	noun	nor
grotta	noun	swe	grotte	noun	nor
gruff	noun	swe	krangel	noun	nor
grums	noun	swe	grums	noun	nor
grums	noun	swe	grut	noun	nor
grund	noun	swe	grunn	noun	nor
grund	noun	swe	grunn	noun	nor
grundbelopp	noun	swe	grunnbeløp	noun	nor
grundbult	noun	swe	grunnpilar	noun	nor
grundlag	noun	swe	grunnlag	noun	nor
grundlag	noun	swe	grunnlov	noun	nor
grundläggare	noun	swe	grunnleggar	noun	nor
grundläggare	noun	swe	grunnlegger	noun	nor
grundläggare	noun	swe	grunnleggjar	noun	nor
grundläggare	noun	swe	gründer	noun	nor
grundpelare	noun	swe	grunnpilar	noun	nor
grundskola	noun	swe	grunnskole	noun	nor
grundskola	noun	swe	grunnskule	noun	nor
grundsten	noun	swe	grunnstein	noun	nor
grundtanke	noun	swe	grunntanke	noun	nor
grundton	noun	swe	grunntone	noun	nor
grundval	noun	swe	grunnlag	noun	nor
grundämne	noun	swe	grunnemne	noun	nor
grunka	noun	swe	ting	noun	nor
grunka	noun	swe	ting	noun	nor
grupp	noun	swe	gjeng	noun	nor
grupp	noun	swe	gruppe	noun	nor
grupparbete	noun	swe	gruppearbeid	noun	nor
gruppering	noun	swe	gruppering	noun	nor
gruppsex	noun	swe	gruppesex	noun	nor
grus	noun	swe	grus	noun	nor
grus	noun	swe	grus	noun	nor
grus	noun	swe	pukk	noun	nor
grusväg	noun	swe	grusveg	noun	nor
grusväg	noun	swe	grusvei	noun	nor
gruva	noun	swe	mine	noun	nor
gruvdrift	noun	swe	gruvedrift	noun	nor
gry	noun	swe	anlegg	noun	nor
gry	noun	swe	gry	noun	nor
gryn	noun	swe	gryn	noun	nor
gryning	noun	swe	daggry	noun	nor
gryt	noun	swe	bo	noun	nor
gryt	noun	swe	bo	noun	nor
gryt	noun	swe	bol	noun	nor
gryt	noun	swe	bol	noun	nor
gryt	noun	swe	bu	noun	nor
gryt	noun	swe	bu	noun	nor
gryt	noun	swe	bul	noun	nor
gryt	noun	swe	bygding	noun	nor
grytlapp	noun	swe	gryteklut	noun	nor
grädde	noun	swe	krem	noun	nor
gräl	noun	swe	krangel	noun	nor
grän	noun	swe	grein	noun	nor
grän	noun	swe	gren	noun	nor
gräns	noun	swe	grense	noun	nor
gränsfall	noun	swe	grensetilfelle	noun	nor
gränssnitt	noun	swe	grensesnitt	noun	nor
gränstrakt	noun	swe	grenseområde	noun	nor
gränsvärde	noun	swe	grenseverdi	noun	nor
gräs	noun	swe	gras	noun	nor
gräs	noun	swe	gress	noun	nor
gräslök	noun	swe	purre	noun	nor
gräslök	noun	swe	purreløk	noun	nor
gräsmatta	noun	swe	grasplen	noun	nor
grässtrå	noun	swe	grasstrå	noun	nor
grävling	noun	swe	grevling	noun	nor
grävmaskin	noun	swe	gravemaskin	noun	nor
grävskopa	noun	swe	gravemaskin	noun	nor
gråskala	noun	swe	gråskala	noun	nor
gråsten	noun	swe	gråstein	noun	nor
gråt	noun	swe	gråt	noun	nor
grönkål	noun	swe	grønkål	noun	nor
grönkål	noun	swe	grønnkål	noun	nor
grönområde	noun	swe	grøntområde	noun	nor
gröt	noun	swe	graut	noun	nor
gröt	noun	swe	grøt	noun	nor
gubbe	noun	swe	gubbe	noun	nor
gud	noun	swe	gud	noun	nor
gudbarn	noun	swe	gudbarn	noun	nor
gudfar	noun	swe	gudfar	noun	nor
gudom	noun	swe	guddom	noun	nor
gudsdom	noun	swe	gudsdom	noun	nor
gudsfred	noun	swe	gudsfred	noun	nor
gudslån	noun	swe	gudslån	noun	nor
gudsord	noun	swe	gudsord	noun	nor
guide	noun	swe	guide	noun	nor
guinea	noun	swe	guinea	noun	nor
gula	noun	swe	gul	noun	nor
gula	noun	swe	gule	noun	nor
guld	noun	swe	gull	noun	nor
guldfeber	noun	swe	gullfeber	noun	nor
guldfisk	noun	swe	gullfisk	noun	nor
guldkalv	noun	swe	gullkalv	noun	nor
guldklimp	noun	swe	gullklump	noun	nor
guldmedalj	noun	swe	gullmedalje	noun	nor
guldmynt	noun	swe	gullmynt	noun	nor
guldsmed	noun	swe	gullsmed	noun	nor
gull	noun	swe	gull	noun	nor
gumma	noun	swe	kone	noun	nor
gummi	noun	swe	gummi	noun	nor
gummibåt	noun	swe	gummibåt	noun	nor
gummihandske	noun	swe	gummihanske	noun	nor
gump	noun	swe	gump	noun	nor
gunga	noun	swe	huske	noun	nor
gunst	noun	swe	gunst	noun	nor
gunstling	noun	swe	yndling	noun	nor
gurka	noun	swe	agurk	noun	nor
gurkmeja	noun	swe	gurkemeie	noun	nor
guru	noun	swe	guru	noun	nor
guvernör	noun	swe	guvernør	noun	nor
gylf	noun	swe	gylf	noun	nor
gymnasium	noun	swe	gymnas	noun	nor
gymnasium	noun	swe	gymnasium	noun	nor
gymnast	noun	swe	gymnast	noun	nor
gymnastik	noun	swe	gymnastikk	noun	nor
gymnastiksal	noun	swe	gymnastikksal	noun	nor
gynekolog	noun	swe	gynekolog	noun	nor
gyro	noun	swe	gyroskop	noun	nor
gyroskop	noun	swe	gyroskop	noun	nor
gyttja	noun	swe	mudder	noun	nor
gyttring	noun	swe	drøss	noun	nor
gyttring	noun	swe	masse	noun	nor
gäld	noun	swe	gjeld	noun	nor
gäng	noun	swe	bande	noun	nor
gäng	noun	swe	gang	noun	nor
gärning	noun	swe	gjerning	noun	nor
gärning	noun	swe	handling	noun	nor
gärningsman	noun	swe	gjerningsmann	noun	nor
gäst	noun	swe	gjest	noun	nor
gång	noun	swe	gang	noun	nor
gång	noun	swe	gangar	noun	nor
gång	noun	swe	ganger	noun	nor
gång	noun	swe	ganglag	noun	nor
gång	noun	swe	gong	noun	nor
gångbana	noun	swe	gangsti	noun	nor
gångväg	noun	swe	gangveg	noun	nor
gångväg	noun	swe	gangvei	noun	nor
gård	noun	swe	bø	noun	nor
gård	noun	swe	bø	noun	nor
gård	noun	swe	gard	noun	nor
gård	noun	swe	gardsplass	noun	nor
gård	noun	swe	gardstun	noun	nor
gård	noun	swe	gård	noun	nor
gåstol	noun	swe	gangstol	noun	nor
gåva	noun	swe	gave	noun	nor
gåva	noun	swe	gåve	noun	nor
gåva	noun	swe	presang	noun	nor
gödkyckling	noun	swe	broiler	noun	nor
gödning	noun	swe	gjødsel	noun	nor
gödsel	noun	swe	gjødsel	noun	nor
gödsling	noun	swe	gjødsel	noun	nor
gömma	noun	swe	gomme	noun	nor
göromål	noun	swe	gjeremål	noun	nor
göromål	noun	swe	gjøremål	noun	nor
habilitet	noun	swe	habilitet	noun	nor
habit	noun	swe	habitt	noun	nor
habitus	noun	swe	habitus	noun	nor
hack	noun	swe	hakk	noun	nor
hack	noun	swe	skar	noun	nor
hack	noun	swe	snart	noun	nor
hack	noun	swe	tronge	noun	nor
hackkyckling	noun	swe	prygelknabe	noun	nor
hage	noun	swe	hage	noun	nor
hagel	noun	swe	hagl	noun	nor
hagelgevär	noun	swe	haglgevær	noun	nor
haj	noun	swe	hai	noun	nor
haka	noun	swe	hake	noun	nor
hakkors	noun	swe	svastika	noun	nor
halka	noun	swe	hålke	noun	nor
hall	noun	swe	hal	noun	nor
hall	noun	swe	hall	noun	nor
halling	noun	swe	halling	noun	nor
halling	noun	swe	hallingdøl	noun	nor
halling	noun	swe	lausdans	noun	nor
hallon	noun	swe	bringebær	noun	nor
hallucination	noun	swe	hallusinasjon	noun	nor
hallucinogen	noun	swe	hallusinogen	noun	nor
halm	noun	swe	halm	noun	nor
halm	noun	swe	strå	noun	nor
halmhatt	noun	swe	halmhatt	noun	nor
halmstrå	noun	swe	halmstrå	noun	nor
halmtak	noun	swe	halmtak	noun	nor
halo	noun	swe	halo	noun	nor
halogen	noun	swe	halogen	noun	nor
hals	noun	swe	hals	noun	nor
halt	noun	swe	innhald	noun	nor
halt	noun	swe	innhold	noun	nor
halva	noun	swe	hal	noun	nor
halva	noun	swe	halv	noun	nor
halvapa	noun	swe	halvape	noun	nor
halvbror	noun	swe	halvbror	noun	nor
halvcirkel	noun	swe	halvsirkel	noun	nor
halvdunkel	noun	swe	halvmørke	noun	nor
halvfabrikat	noun	swe	halvfabrikat	noun	nor
halvgud	noun	swe	halvgud	noun	nor
halvklot	noun	swe	halvkule	noun	nor
halvlek	noun	swe	omgang	noun	nor
halvliter	noun	swe	halvliter	noun	nor
halvljus	noun	swe	nærlys	noun	nor
halvmeter	noun	swe	halvmeter	noun	nor
halvmåne	noun	swe	halvmåne	noun	nor
halvtimme	noun	swe	halvtime	noun	nor
halvton	noun	swe	halvtone	noun	nor
halvår	noun	swe	halvår	noun	nor
halvö	noun	swe	halvøy	noun	nor
hambo	noun	swe	hambo	noun	nor
hammare	noun	swe	hamar	noun	nor
hammare	noun	swe	hammar	noun	nor
hammare	noun	swe	hammer	noun	nor
hammock	noun	swe	hammock	noun	nor
hamn	noun	swe	hamn	noun	nor
hamn	noun	swe	havn	noun	nor
hampa	noun	swe	hamp	noun	nor
hamster	noun	swe	hamster	noun	nor
hand	noun	swe	hand	noun	nor
hand	noun	swe	hånd	noun	nor
hand	noun	swe	lanke	noun	nor
handboll	noun	swe	handball	noun	nor
handboll	noun	swe	håndball	noun	nor
handduk	noun	swe	handduk	noun	nor
handduk	noun	swe	håndkle	noun	nor
handduk	noun	swe	håndduk	noun	nor
handel	noun	swe	handel	noun	nor
handelsbalans	noun	swe	handelsbalanse	noun	nor
handelsbank	noun	swe	handelsbank	noun	nor
handelsbod	noun	swe	landhandel	noun	nor
handelsdepartement	noun	swe	handelsdepartement	noun	nor
handelsfartyg	noun	swe	handelsskip	noun	nor
handelsflotta	noun	swe	handelsflåte	noun	nor
handelshus	noun	swe	handelshus	noun	nor
handelshögskola	noun	swe	handelshøgskule	noun	nor
handelshögskola	noun	swe	handelshøyskole	noun	nor
handelsman	noun	swe	handelsmann	noun	nor
handelsminister	noun	swe	handelsminister	noun	nor
handelspolitik	noun	swe	handelspolitikk	noun	nor
handelsregister	noun	swe	handelsregister	noun	nor
handfull	noun	swe	handfull	noun	nor
handfull	noun	swe	håndfull	noun	nor
handgranat	noun	swe	handgranat	noun	nor
handgranat	noun	swe	håndgranat	noun	nor
handgrepp	noun	swe	handgrep	noun	nor
handgrepp	noun	swe	håndgrep	noun	nor
handikapp	noun	swe	handikap	noun	nor
handjur	noun	swe	hanndyr	noun	nor
handling	noun	swe	handling	noun	nor
handlingsprogram	noun	swe	handlingsprogram	noun	nor
hands	noun	swe	hands	noun	nor
handske	noun	swe	hanske	noun	nor
handskfack	noun	swe	hanskerom	noun	nor
handslag	noun	swe	handslag	noun	nor
handslag	noun	swe	håndslag	noun	nor
handtag	noun	swe	handtak	noun	nor
handtag	noun	swe	hendel	noun	nor
handtag	noun	swe	håndtak	noun	nor
hangar	noun	swe	hangar	noun	nor
hangarfartyg	noun	swe	hangarskip	noun	nor
hank	noun	swe	hank	noun	nor
hankön	noun	swe	hannkjønn	noun	nor
hanrej	noun	swe	hanrei	noun	nor
hantverk	noun	swe	handverk	noun	nor
hantverk	noun	swe	håndverk	noun	nor
hantverkare	noun	swe	handverkar	noun	nor
hantverkare	noun	swe	håndverker	noun	nor
happening	noun	swe	happening	noun	nor
hare	noun	swe	hare	noun	nor
harem	noun	swe	harem	noun	nor
harlekin	noun	swe	harlekin	noun	nor
harm	noun	swe	harm	noun	nor
harm	noun	swe	harme	noun	nor
harmoni	noun	swe	harmoni	noun	nor
harmonik	noun	swe	harmonikk	noun	nor
harmonika	noun	swe	harmonika	noun	nor
harmonium	noun	swe	harmonium	noun	nor
harnesk	noun	swe	harnisk	noun	nor
harpist	noun	swe	harpist	noun	nor
harpun	noun	swe	harpun	noun	nor
harr	noun	swe	harr	noun	nor
hartass	noun	swe	harelabb	noun	nor
harts	noun	swe	harpiks	noun	nor
has	noun	swe	has	noun	nor
hasard	noun	swe	hasard	noun	nor
hasch	noun	swe	hasj	noun	nor
hasch	noun	swe	hasjisj	noun	nor
haschisch	noun	swe	hasj	noun	nor
haschisch	noun	swe	hasjisj	noun	nor
hassel	noun	swe	hassel	noun	nor
hast	noun	swe	il	noun	nor
hastighet	noun	swe	fart	noun	nor
hastighet	noun	swe	hastigheit	noun	nor
hastighet	noun	swe	hastighet	noun	nor
hastighetsbegränsning	noun	swe	fartsavgrensing	noun	nor
hastighetsbegränsning	noun	swe	fartsbegrensning	noun	nor
hastverk	noun	swe	hastverk	noun	nor
hat	noun	swe	hat	noun	nor
hatt	noun	swe	hatt	noun	nor
hausa	noun	swe	hausa	noun	nor
hausse	noun	swe	hausse	noun	nor
hav	noun	swe	hav	noun	nor
haveri	noun	swe	havari	noun	nor
havre	noun	swe	havre	noun	nor
havregryn	noun	swe	havregryn	noun	nor
havsbad	noun	swe	sjøbad	noun	nor
havsfiske	noun	swe	havfiske	noun	nor
havsfiske	noun	swe	sjøfiske	noun	nor
havsområde	noun	swe	havområde	noun	nor
havsvik	noun	swe	golf	noun	nor
havsörn	noun	swe	havørn	noun	nor
heat	noun	swe	heat	noun	nor
hebreiska	noun	swe	hebraisk	noun	nor
hebreiska	noun	swe	hebraisk	noun	nor
hed	noun	swe	hede	noun	nor
hed	noun	swe	varme	noun	nor
hedendom	noun	swe	hedenskap	noun	nor
hedendom	noun	swe	heidenskap	noun	nor
heder	noun	swe	heder	noun	nor
heder	noun	swe	heider	noun	nor
hederskodex	noun	swe	kodeks	noun	nor
hedning	noun	swe	hedning	noun	nor
hedning	noun	swe	heidning	noun	nor
hedonism	noun	swe	hedonisme	noun	nor
hedonist	noun	swe	hedonist	noun	nor
hektar	noun	swe	hektar	noun	nor
hektoliter	noun	swe	hektoliter	noun	nor
hela	noun	swe	heile	noun	nor
hela	noun	swe	hele	noun	nor
helg	noun	swe	weekend	noun	nor
helgdag	noun	swe	heilagdag	noun	nor
helgdag	noun	swe	helgedag	noun	nor
helgdag	noun	swe	helligdag	noun	nor
helgon	noun	swe	helgen	noun	nor
helhet	noun	swe	heilskap	noun	nor
helhet	noun	swe	helhet	noun	nor
helikopter	noun	swe	helikopter	noun	nor
helium	noun	swe	helium	noun	nor
heltid	noun	swe	heiltid	noun	nor
heltid	noun	swe	heltid	noun	nor
helvete	noun	swe	helvete	noun	nor
hem	noun	swe	heim	noun	nor
hem	noun	swe	hjem	noun	nor
hemarbete	noun	swe	heimearbeid	noun	nor
hemarbete	noun	swe	hjemmearbeid	noun	nor
hemgift	noun	swe	medgift	noun	nor
hemisfär	noun	swe	hemisfære	noun	nor
hemkomst	noun	swe	heimkomst	noun	nor
hemkomst	noun	swe	hjemkomst	noun	nor
hemkunskap	noun	swe	heimkunnskap	noun	nor
hemland	noun	swe	fedreland	noun	nor
hemland	noun	swe	heimland	noun	nor
hemland	noun	swe	hjemland	noun	nor
hemlighet	noun	swe	hemmelegheit	noun	nor
hemlighet	noun	swe	hemmelighet	noun	nor
hemlighet	noun	swe	løyndom	noun	nor
hemlighus	noun	swe	dass	noun	nor
hemlighus	noun	swe	dass	noun	nor
hemlighus	noun	swe	do	noun	nor
hemlighus	noun	swe	do	noun	nor
hemmalag	noun	swe	heimelag	noun	nor
hemmalag	noun	swe	hjemmelag	noun	nor
hemmamamma	noun	swe	heimemamma	noun	nor
hemmamamma	noun	swe	hjemmemamma	noun	nor
hemort	noun	swe	heimby	noun	nor
hemort	noun	swe	hjemby	noun	nor
hemsjukvård	noun	swe	heimesjukepleie	noun	nor
hemsjukvård	noun	swe	hjemmesjukepleie	noun	nor
hemsjukvård	noun	swe	hjemmesykepleie	noun	nor
henry	noun	swe	henry	noun	nor
heraldik	noun	swe	heraldikk	noun	nor
herbicid	noun	swe	herbicid	noun	nor
hermafrodit	noun	swe	hermafroditt	noun	nor
hermeneutik	noun	swe	hermeneutikk	noun	nor
heros	noun	swe	hero	noun	nor
herr	noun	swe	herr	noun	nor
herr	noun	swe	herre	noun	nor
herradöme	noun	swe	herredøme	noun	nor
herradöme	noun	swe	herredømme	noun	nor
herravälde	noun	swe	herredøme	noun	nor
herravälde	noun	swe	herredømme	noun	nor
herre	noun	swe	herr	noun	nor
herre	noun	swe	herre	noun	nor
herreman	noun	swe	herremann	noun	nor
herrskap	noun	swe	herskap	noun	nor
herrtoalett	noun	swe	herretoalett	noun	nor
hertig	noun	swe	hertug	noun	nor
hertz	noun	swe	hertz	noun	nor
hets	noun	swe	hets	noun	nor
hetta	noun	swe	hede	noun	nor
hetta	noun	swe	varme	noun	nor
hi-fi	noun	swe	hi-fi	noun	nor
hierarki	noun	swe	hierarki	noun	nor
himlakropp	noun	swe	himmellegeme	noun	nor
himlakropp	noun	swe	himmellekam	noun	nor
himmel	noun	swe	himmel	noun	nor
hinder	noun	swe	hinder	noun	nor
hinderlöpning	noun	swe	hinderløp	noun	nor
hindu	noun	swe	hindu	noun	nor
hinduism	noun	swe	hinduisme	noun	nor
hingst	noun	swe	hingst	noun	nor
hink	noun	swe	pøs	noun	nor
hinna	noun	swe	him	noun	nor
hinna	noun	swe	hinne	noun	nor
hippie	noun	swe	hippie	noun	nor
hippodrom	noun	swe	hippodrom	noun	nor
hirs	noun	swe	hirse	noun	nor
hiss	noun	swe	elevator	noun	nor
historia	noun	swe	historie	noun	nor
historia	noun	swe	soge	noun	nor
historik	noun	swe	historikk	noun	nor
historiker	noun	swe	historikar	noun	nor
historiker	noun	swe	historiker	noun	nor
hit	noun	swe	hit	noun	nor
hjord	noun	swe	flokk	noun	nor
hjord	noun	swe	skokk	noun	nor
hjort	noun	swe	hjort	noun	nor
hjortdjur	noun	swe	hjortedyr	noun	nor
hjul	noun	swe	hjul	noun	nor
hjälm	noun	swe	hjelm	noun	nor
hjälp	noun	swe	hjelp	noun	nor
hjälpmedel	noun	swe	hjelpemiddel	noun	nor
hjälpmotor	noun	swe	hjelpemotor	noun	nor
hjälpreda	noun	swe	hjelp	noun	nor
hjälte	noun	swe	helt	noun	nor
hjältemod	noun	swe	heltemot	noun	nor
hjärna	noun	swe	heile	noun	nor
hjärna	noun	swe	hjerne	noun	nor
hjärnskada	noun	swe	hjerneskade	noun	nor
hjärnskål	noun	swe	hjerneskalle	noun	nor
hjärta	noun	swe	hjarte	noun	nor
hjärta	noun	swe	hjerte	noun	nor
hjärtattack	noun	swe	hjarteanfall	noun	nor
hjärtattack	noun	swe	hjerteanfall	noun	nor
hjärtflimmer	noun	swe	hjarteflimmer	noun	nor
hjärtflimmer	noun	swe	hjerteflimmer	noun	nor
hjärtinfarkt	noun	swe	hjarteinfarkt	noun	nor
hjärtinfarkt	noun	swe	hjerteinfarkt	noun	nor
hjärtsjukdom	noun	swe	hjartesjukdom	noun	nor
hjärtsjukdom	noun	swe	hjertesjukdom	noun	nor
hjärtsjukdom	noun	swe	hjertesykdom	noun	nor
hjärtslag	noun	swe	hjarteslag	noun	nor
hjärtslag	noun	swe	hjerteslag	noun	nor
hjässa	noun	swe	isse	noun	nor
ho	noun	swe	ho	noun	nor
ho	noun	swe	hun	noun	nor
ho	noun	swe	hunn	noun	nor
ho	noun	swe	kum	noun	nor
ho	noun	swe	kumme	noun	nor
hobby	noun	swe	fritidssyssel	noun	nor
hobby	noun	swe	hobby	noun	nor
hockey	noun	swe	hockey	noun	nor
hoj	noun	swe	sykkel	noun	nor
holdingbolag	noun	swe	holdingselskap	noun	nor
holländska	noun	swe	nederlandsk	noun	nor
holländska	noun	swe	nederlandsk	noun	nor
holme	noun	swe	holm	noun	nor
holme	noun	swe	holme	noun	nor
holmgång	noun	swe	holmgang	noun	nor
hologram	noun	swe	hologram	noun	nor
homeopati	noun	swe	homøopati	noun	nor
homo	noun	swe	homo	noun	nor
homo	noun	swe	homse	noun	nor
homofobi	noun	swe	homofobi	noun	nor
homofon	noun	swe	homofon	noun	nor
homogenitet	noun	swe	homogenitet	noun	nor
homograf	noun	swe	homograf	noun	nor
homosexualitet	noun	swe	homofili	noun	nor
homosexualitet	noun	swe	homoseksualitet	noun	nor
hona	noun	swe	hun	noun	nor
hona	noun	swe	hunn	noun	nor
honnör	noun	swe	honnør	noun	nor
honung	noun	swe	honning	noun	nor
hop	noun	swe	drøss	noun	nor
hop	noun	swe	hop	noun	nor
hop	noun	swe	masse	noun	nor
hopp	noun	swe	hopp	noun	nor
hopp	noun	swe	håp	noun	nor
hopp	noun	swe	von	noun	nor
hor	noun	swe	hor	noun	nor
horbock	noun	swe	horebukk	noun	nor
hord	noun	swe	horde	noun	nor
horhus	noun	swe	horehus	noun	nor
horisont	noun	swe	horisont	noun	nor
horisontalplan	noun	swe	horisontalplan	noun	nor
hormon	noun	swe	hormon	noun	nor
horn	noun	swe	gevir	noun	nor
horn	noun	swe	horn	noun	nor
hornist	noun	swe	hornist	noun	nor
hornämne	noun	swe	keratin	noun	nor
horoskop	noun	swe	horoskop	noun	nor
horst	noun	swe	horst	noun	nor
hortensia	noun	swe	hortensia	noun	nor
hospital	noun	swe	hospital	noun	nor
hospital	noun	swe	sjukehus	noun	nor
hospital	noun	swe	sykehus	noun	nor
hosta	noun	swe	hoste	noun	nor
hostning	noun	swe	host	noun	nor
hostning	noun	swe	kremt	noun	nor
hot	noun	swe	trugsel	noun	nor
hot	noun	swe	trussel	noun	nor
hotell	noun	swe	hotell	noun	nor
hotellrum	noun	swe	hotellrom	noun	nor
hotelse	noun	swe	trussel	noun	nor
hottentott	noun	swe	hottentott	noun	nor
hovdjur	noun	swe	hovdyr	noun	nor
huckle	noun	swe	skaut	noun	nor
hud	noun	swe	hud	noun	nor
hudkräm	noun	swe	hudkrem	noun	nor
hudtransplantation	noun	swe	hudtransplantasjon	noun	nor
hugg	noun	swe	hogg	noun	nor
hugg	noun	swe	hugg	noun	nor
huldra	noun	swe	hulder	noun	nor
humanist	noun	swe	humanist	noun	nor
humanitet	noun	swe	humanitet	noun	nor
humbug	noun	swe	humbug	noun	nor
humla	noun	swe	brumlebasse	noun	nor
humla	noun	swe	humle	noun	nor
humle	noun	swe	humle	noun	nor
hummer	noun	swe	kåk	noun	nor
hummus	noun	swe	humus	noun	nor
humor	noun	swe	humor	noun	nor
humorist	noun	swe	humorist	noun	nor
humör	noun	swe	humør	noun	nor
humör	noun	swe	kynne	noun	nor
hund	noun	swe	bikkje	noun	nor
hund	noun	swe	hund	noun	nor
hundkoja	noun	swe	hundehus	noun	nor
hundradel	noun	swe	hundredel	noun	nor
hundralapp	noun	swe	hundrelapp	noun	nor
hundring	noun	swe	hundring	noun	nor
hundskit	noun	swe	hundelort	noun	nor
hundvalp	noun	swe	hundevalp	noun	nor
hunger	noun	swe	hunger	noun	nor
hunger	noun	swe	sult	noun	nor
hunger	noun	swe	svolt	noun	nor
hurra	noun	swe	hurra	noun	nor
hus	noun	swe	hus	noun	nor
husarrest	noun	swe	husarrest	noun	nor
husbonde	noun	swe	husfar	noun	nor
husdjur	noun	swe	husdyr	noun	nor
husdjursavel	noun	swe	husdyravl	noun	nor
husfrid	noun	swe	husfred	noun	nor
husgud	noun	swe	husgud	noun	nor
hushåll	noun	swe	hushald	noun	nor
hushåll	noun	swe	husholdning	noun	nor
hushåll	noun	swe	husstell	noun	nor
hushåll	noun	swe	matstell	noun	nor
hushållning	noun	swe	hushald	noun	nor
hushållning	noun	swe	husholdning	noun	nor
hushållning	noun	swe	husstell	noun	nor
hushållning	noun	swe	matstell	noun	nor
hustru	noun	swe	hustru	noun	nor
hustyrann	noun	swe	hustyrann	noun	nor
husvagn	noun	swe	caravan	noun	nor
huve	noun	swe	hode	noun	nor
huve	noun	swe	hovud	noun	nor
huvud	noun	swe	hode	noun	nor
huvud	noun	swe	hovud	noun	nor
huvuddel	noun	swe	brorpart	noun	nor
huvudkontor	noun	swe	hovedkontor	noun	nor
huvudkontor	noun	swe	hovudkontor	noun	nor
huvudpart	noun	swe	brorpart	noun	nor
huvudroll	noun	swe	hovedrolle	noun	nor
huvudroll	noun	swe	hovudrolle	noun	nor
huvudsak	noun	swe	hovedsak	noun	nor
huvudsak	noun	swe	hovudsak	noun	nor
huvudstad	noun	swe	hovedstad	noun	nor
huvudstad	noun	swe	hovudstad	noun	nor
hy	noun	swe	hy	noun	nor
hy	noun	swe	teint	noun	nor
hyacint	noun	swe	hyasint	noun	nor
hybrid	noun	swe	hybrid	noun	nor
hyckleri	noun	swe	hykleri	noun	nor
hydra	noun	swe	hydra	noun	nor
hydrat	noun	swe	hydrat	noun	nor
hydraulik	noun	swe	hydraulikk	noun	nor
hydrodynamik	noun	swe	hydrodynamikk	noun	nor
hydrofon	noun	swe	hydrofon	noun	nor
hydrolog	noun	swe	hydrolog	noun	nor
hydrologi	noun	swe	hydrologi	noun	nor
hygien	noun	swe	hygiene	noun	nor
hylla	noun	swe	hyll	noun	nor
hylla	noun	swe	hylle	noun	nor
hylle	noun	swe	hylster	noun	nor
hyllmeter	noun	swe	hyllemeter	noun	nor
hymn	noun	swe	hymne	noun	nor
hypnotisör	noun	swe	hypnotisør	noun	nor
hypofys	noun	swe	hypofyse	noun	nor
hypokonder	noun	swe	hypokonder	noun	nor
hypokondri	noun	swe	hypokondri	noun	nor
hypotes	noun	swe	hypotese	noun	nor
hyra	noun	swe	leie	noun	nor
hyra	noun	swe	leie	noun	nor
hyra	noun	swe	læger	noun	nor
hyra	noun	swe	lægje	noun	nor
hyreshus	noun	swe	leiegård	noun	nor
hyreshus	noun	swe	leigegard	noun	nor
hytt	noun	swe	hytte	noun	nor
hytt	noun	swe	kote	noun	nor
hyvel	noun	swe	høvel	noun	nor
hyvelbänk	noun	swe	høvelbenk	noun	nor
häck	noun	swe	bakdel	noun	nor
häck	noun	swe	hekk	noun	nor
häcklare	noun	swe	kritikar	noun	nor
häcklare	noun	swe	kritiker	noun	nor
häcklöpning	noun	swe	hekkeløp	noun	nor
häckning	noun	swe	yngling	noun	nor
häckningsplats	noun	swe	hekkeplass	noun	nor
häfte	noun	swe	hefte	noun	nor
häfte	noun	swe	plaster	noun	nor
häktning	noun	swe	fengsling	noun	nor
häl	noun	swe	hæl	noun	nor
häleri	noun	swe	heleri	noun	nor
hälft	noun	swe	halvdel	noun	nor
hälft	noun	swe	halve	noun	nor
hälft	noun	swe	halvpart	noun	nor
hälft	noun	swe	halvt	noun	nor
hälft	noun	swe	halvt	noun	nor
hälleflundra	noun	swe	hellefisk	noun	nor
hälleflundra	noun	swe	kveite	noun	nor
hälsa	noun	swe	helse	noun	nor
hälsning	noun	swe	helsing	noun	nor
hälsning	noun	swe	hilsen	noun	nor
hälsning	noun	swe	hilsning	noun	nor
hälsovård	noun	swe	helsestell	noun	nor
hämnd	noun	swe	hemn	noun	nor
hämnd	noun	swe	hevn	noun	nor
hämsko	noun	swe	hemsko	noun	nor
händelse	noun	swe	hendelse	noun	nor
händelse	noun	swe	hending	noun	nor
hänglås	noun	swe	hengelås	noun	nor
hänglås	noun	swe	hengelås	noun	nor
hänsyn	noun	swe	hensyn	noun	nor
hänsyn	noun	swe	omsyn	noun	nor
hänvisning	noun	swe	henvisning	noun	nor
hänvisning	noun	swe	tilvisning	noun	nor
här	noun	swe	hær	noun	nor
härledning	noun	swe	herleiing	noun	nor
härledning	noun	swe	hærledelse	noun	nor
härledning	noun	swe	hærleiing	noun	nor
härskare	noun	swe	herskare	noun	nor
härskare	noun	swe	hærskare	noun	nor
häst	noun	swe	hest	noun	nor
hästhov	noun	swe	hestehov	noun	nor
hästkur	noun	swe	hestekur	noun	nor
hästsvans	noun	swe	hestehale	noun	nor
hävert	noun	swe	hevert	noun	nor
häxdans	noun	swe	heksedans	noun	nor
häxprocess	noun	swe	hekseprosess	noun	nor
häxsabbat	noun	swe	heksesabbat	noun	nor
håg	noun	swe	tendens	noun	nor
hål	noun	swe	hol	noun	nor
hål	noun	swe	hull	noun	nor
hål	noun	swe	hòl	noun	nor
hål	noun	swe	innsmett	noun	nor
håla	noun	swe	gren	noun	nor
håla	noun	swe	hole	noun	nor
håla	noun	swe	hule	noun	nor
håll	noun	swe	stad	noun	nor
håll	noun	swe	sted	noun	nor
håll	noun	swe	veg	noun	nor
håll	noun	swe	vei	noun	nor
hållhake	noun	swe	hold	noun	nor
hållhake	noun	swe	lag	noun	nor
hållning	noun	swe	haldning	noun	nor
hållning	noun	swe	holdning	noun	nor
håltimme	noun	swe	fritime	noun	nor
hån	noun	swe	hån	noun	nor
hånskratt	noun	swe	hånflir	noun	nor
hånskratt	noun	swe	hånlatter	noun	nor
hår	noun	swe	hår	noun	nor
hårddisk	noun	swe	harddisc	noun	nor
hårddisk	noun	swe	harddisk	noun	nor
hårddisk	noun	swe	platelager	noun	nor
hårdhet	noun	swe	hardhet	noun	nor
hårdhet	noun	swe	hardleik	noun	nor
hårfrisörska	noun	swe	damefrisør	noun	nor
hårnålskurva	noun	swe	hårnålssving	noun	nor
hö	noun	swe	høy	noun	nor
höfeber	noun	swe	høysnue	noun	nor
höft	noun	swe	hoft	noun	nor
höft	noun	swe	hofte	noun	nor
höft	noun	swe	lår	noun	nor
höftskynke	noun	swe	lendeklede	noun	nor
hög	noun	swe	bunke	noun	nor
hög	noun	swe	haug	noun	nor
hög	noun	swe	høy	noun	nor
hög	noun	swe	stabel	noun	nor
hög	noun	swe	stein	noun	nor
högaffel	noun	swe	høygaffel	noun	nor
höger	noun	swe	høgre	noun	nor
höger	noun	swe	høyre	noun	nor
högfärd	noun	swe	hovmod	noun	nor
högfärd	noun	swe	hovmot	noun	nor
höghus	noun	swe	høgblokk	noun	nor
höghus	noun	swe	høgbygg	noun	nor
höghus	noun	swe	høghus	noun	nor
höghus	noun	swe	høyblokk	noun	nor
höghus	noun	swe	høybygg	noun	nor
höghus	noun	swe	høyhus	noun	nor
högkonjunktur	noun	swe	høgkonjunktur	noun	nor
högkonjunktur	noun	swe	høykonjunktur	noun	nor
högkvarter	noun	swe	hovedkvarter	noun	nor
högkvarter	noun	swe	hovudkvarter	noun	nor
högmod	noun	swe	hovmod	noun	nor
högmod	noun	swe	hovmot	noun	nor
högstadium	noun	swe	ungdomsskole	noun	nor
lågstadium	noun	swe	barneskole	noun	nor
högskola	noun	swe	høgskole	noun	nor
högskola	noun	swe	høgskule	noun	nor
högskola	noun	swe	høyskole	noun	nor
högtalare	noun	swe	høgtalar	noun	nor
högtalare	noun	swe	høytaler	noun	nor
högtalare	noun	swe	høyttaler	noun	nor
högtid	noun	swe	heilagdag	noun	nor
högtid	noun	swe	helgedag	noun	nor
högtid	noun	swe	helligdag	noun	nor
högtidsdag	noun	swe	høgtidsdag	noun	nor
högtidsdag	noun	swe	høytidsdag	noun	nor
högtrycksrygg	noun	swe	høgtrykksrygg	noun	nor
högtrycksrygg	noun	swe	høytrykksrygg	noun	nor
högvatten	noun	swe	flo	noun	nor
höjd	noun	swe	høgde	noun	nor
höjd	noun	swe	høyde	noun	nor
höjdhopp	noun	swe	høgdehopp	noun	nor
höjdhopp	noun	swe	høydehopp	noun	nor
höjning	noun	swe	auke	noun	nor
höjning	noun	swe	økning	noun	nor
hölje	noun	swe	hylster	noun	nor
hölster	noun	swe	hylster	noun	nor
hönsnät	noun	swe	hønsenetting	noun	nor
hörn	noun	swe	hjørne	noun	nor
hörn	noun	swe	nov	noun	nor
hörnsten	noun	swe	hjørnestein	noun	nor
hörsel	noun	swe	hørsel	noun	nor
hörsel	noun	swe	høyrsle	noun	nor
hörselskada	noun	swe	hørselsskade	noun	nor
hörselskada	noun	swe	høyrsleskade	noun	nor
hörselskydd	noun	swe	hørselsvern	noun	nor
hörselskydd	noun	swe	høyrslevern	noun	nor
hörsägen	noun	swe	omtale	noun	nor
höst	noun	swe	haust	noun	nor
höst	noun	swe	høst	noun	nor
höstack	noun	swe	høystakk	noun	nor
hövding	noun	swe	herse	noun	nor
hövding	noun	swe	høvding	noun	nor
i-land	noun	swe	i-land	noun	nor
ibis	noun	swe	ibis	noun	nor
icing	noun	swe	icing	noun	nor
id-kort	noun	swe	legitimasjon	noun	nor
id	noun	swe	id	noun	nor
ideal	noun	swe	ideal	noun	nor
idealist	noun	swe	idealist	noun	nor
idealitet	noun	swe	idealitet	noun	nor
idegran	noun	swe	takk	noun	nor
identifikation	noun	swe	identifikasjon	noun	nor
identitet	noun	swe	identitet	noun	nor
identitetskort	noun	swe	identitetskort	noun	nor
identitetskris	noun	swe	identitetskrise	noun	nor
ideolog	noun	swe	ideolog	noun	nor
ideologi	noun	swe	ideologi	noun	nor
idiom	noun	swe	idiom	noun	nor
idiosynkrasi	noun	swe	idiosynkrasi	noun	nor
idiot	noun	swe	idiot	noun	nor
idioti	noun	swe	idioti	noun	nor
idol	noun	swe	idol	noun	nor
idrott	noun	swe	idrett	noun	nor
idrottsklubb	noun	swe	idrettsklubb	noun	nor
idrottsplats	noun	swe	idrettsplass	noun	nor
idyll	noun	swe	idyll	noun	nor
idé	noun	swe	ide	noun	nor
idé	noun	swe	ide	noun	nor
idé	noun	swe	idé	noun	nor
igelkott	noun	swe	piggsvin	noun	nor
igelkott	noun	swe	pinnsvin	noun	nor
iglo	noun	swe	iglo	noun	nor
ignorant	noun	swe	ignorant	noun	nor
ikon	noun	swe	ikon	noun	nor
ikon	noun	swe	ikon	noun	nor
ikonografi	noun	swe	ikonografi	noun	nor
illusion	noun	swe	illusjon	noun	nor
illusionist	noun	swe	illusjonist	noun	nor
illustration	noun	swe	illustrasjon	noun	nor
illustratör	noun	swe	illustratør	noun	nor
ilska	noun	swe	sinne	noun	nor
image	noun	swe	image	noun	nor
image	noun	swe	image	noun	nor
imitation	noun	swe	imitasjon	noun	nor
imitatör	noun	swe	imitator	noun	nor
imma	noun	swe	dogg	noun	nor
imma	noun	swe	dugg	noun	nor
imma	noun	swe	duk	noun	nor
immanens	noun	swe	immanens	noun	nor
immigrant	noun	swe	immigrant	noun	nor
immigration	noun	swe	immigrasjon	noun	nor
immunitet	noun	swe	immunitet	noun	nor
immunologi	noun	swe	immunologi	noun	nor
impedans	noun	swe	impedans	noun	nor
imperativ	noun	swe	imperativ	noun	nor
imperativ	noun	swe	imperativ	noun	nor
imperfektum	noun	swe	imperfektum	noun	nor
imperialist	noun	swe	imperialist	noun	nor
implikation	noun	swe	implikasjon	noun	nor
implosion	noun	swe	implosjon	noun	nor
import	noun	swe	import	noun	nor
importör	noun	swe	importør	noun	nor
impotens	noun	swe	impotens	noun	nor
impressario	noun	swe	impresario	noun	nor
improvisation	noun	swe	improvisasjon	noun	nor
impuls	noun	swe	impuls	noun	nor
impulsivitet	noun	swe	impulsivitet	noun	nor
inavel	noun	swe	innavl	noun	nor
inbillningsfoster	noun	swe	fantasifoster	noun	nor
inblandning	noun	swe	innblanding	noun	nor
inblick	noun	swe	innblikk	noun	nor
inbrott	noun	swe	innbrot	noun	nor
inbrott	noun	swe	innbrudd	noun	nor
inbrottstjuv	noun	swe	innbrotstjuv	noun	nor
inbrottstjuv	noun	swe	innbruddstyv	noun	nor
inbrytning	noun	swe	innmarsj	noun	nor
inbyte	noun	swe	erstatning	noun	nor
inbördeskrig	noun	swe	borgarkrig	noun	nor
inbördeskrig	noun	swe	borgerkrig	noun	nor
incest	noun	swe	incest	noun	nor
incitament	noun	swe	incitament	noun	nor
indelning	noun	swe	inndeling	noun	nor
independent	noun	swe	independent	noun	nor
index	noun	swe	indeks	noun	nor
indignation	noun	swe	indignasjon	noun	nor
indigo	noun	swe	indigo	noun	nor
indikation	noun	swe	indikasjon	noun	nor
indikator	noun	swe	indikator	noun	nor
indikator	noun	swe	visar	noun	nor
indikator	noun	swe	viser	noun	nor
individ	noun	swe	individ	noun	nor
individualism	noun	swe	individualisme	noun	nor
individualist	noun	swe	individualist	noun	nor
individualitet	noun	swe	individualitet	noun	nor
indolog	noun	swe	indolog	noun	nor
industri	noun	swe	industri	noun	nor
industrialism	noun	swe	industrialisme	noun	nor
industriland	noun	swe	industriland	noun	nor
industriområde	noun	swe	industriområde	noun	nor
industriprodukt	noun	swe	industriprodukt	noun	nor
industrisamhälle	noun	swe	industrisamfunn	noun	nor
infall	noun	swe	innfall	noun	nor
infanteri	noun	swe	infanteri	noun	nor
infanterist	noun	swe	infanterist	noun	nor
infektion	noun	swe	infeksjon	noun	nor
infiltration	noun	swe	infiltrasjon	noun	nor
infiltratör	noun	swe	infiltratør	noun	nor
infinitiv	noun	swe	infinitiv	noun	nor
inflammation	noun	swe	inflammasjon	noun	nor
inflation	noun	swe	inflasjon	noun	nor
inflytande	noun	swe	influens	noun	nor
inflytande	noun	swe	innflytelse	noun	nor
inflytande	noun	swe	innverknad	noun	nor
inflytande	noun	swe	påverknad	noun	nor
inflytande	noun	swe	påvirkning	noun	nor
inflyttning	noun	swe	innflytting	noun	nor
inflöde	noun	swe	tilløp	noun	nor
informant	noun	swe	informant	noun	nor
information	noun	swe	informasjon	noun	nor
informationschef	noun	swe	informasjonssjef	noun	nor
informationsteknologi	noun	swe	informasjonsteknologi	noun	nor
informator	noun	swe	informator	noun	nor
infrastruktur	noun	swe	infrastruktur	noun	nor
infusion	noun	swe	infusjon	noun	nor
införande	noun	swe	innføring	noun	nor
ingefära	noun	swe	ingefær	noun	nor
ingenjör	noun	swe	ingeniør	noun	nor
ingenmansland	noun	swe	ingenmannsland	noun	nor
ingrediens	noun	swe	ingrediens	noun	nor
ingrepp	noun	swe	inngrep	noun	nor
ingress	noun	swe	ingress	noun	nor
ingång	noun	swe	inngang	noun	nor
inhalation	noun	swe	inhalasjon	noun	nor
inhalator	noun	swe	inhalator	noun	nor
inhav	noun	swe	innhav	noun	nor
initial	noun	swe	initial	noun	nor
initiativ	noun	swe	initiativ	noun	nor
injurie	noun	swe	injurie	noun	nor
inka	noun	swe	inka	noun	nor
inkarnation	noun	swe	inkarnasjon	noun	nor
inkasso	noun	swe	inkasso	noun	nor
inkast	noun	swe	innkast	noun	nor
inklination	noun	swe	interesse	noun	nor
inklination	noun	swe	interesse	noun	nor
inkompetens	noun	swe	inkompetanse	noun	nor
inkomst	noun	swe	innkomst	noun	nor
inkomst	noun	swe	inntekt	noun	nor
inkonsekvens	noun	swe	inkonsekvens	noun	nor
inkråm	noun	swe	innmat	noun	nor
inkråm	noun	swe	morr	noun	nor
inkubation	noun	swe	inkubasjon	noun	nor
inkvisition	noun	swe	inkvisisjon	noun	nor
inkvisitor	noun	swe	inkvisitor	noun	nor
inköp	noun	swe	innkjøp	noun	nor
inlaga	noun	swe	innlegg	noun	nor
inland	noun	swe	innland	noun	nor
inlandsis	noun	swe	innlandsis	noun	nor
inledning	noun	swe	innledning	noun	nor
inledning	noun	swe	innleiing	noun	nor
inlopp	noun	swe	innløp	noun	nor
inlägg	noun	swe	innlegg	noun	nor
inlåning	noun	swe	innlån	noun	nor
innandöme	noun	swe	indre	noun	nor
innanhav	noun	swe	innhav	noun	nor
innebörd	noun	swe	betydning	noun	nor
innebörd	noun	swe	innhald	noun	nor
innebörd	noun	swe	innhold	noun	nor
innebörd	noun	swe	tyding	noun	nor
innehavare	noun	swe	innehavar	noun	nor
innehavare	noun	swe	innehaver	noun	nor
innehåll	noun	swe	innhald	noun	nor
innehåll	noun	swe	innhold	noun	nor
innehållsförteckning	noun	swe	innhaldsliste	noun	nor
innehållsförteckning	noun	swe	innholdsfortegnelse	noun	nor
innertak	noun	swe	loft	noun	nor
innertak	noun	swe	tak	noun	nor
innovation	noun	swe	innovasjon	noun	nor
innovatör	noun	swe	innovatør	noun	nor
inokulation	noun	swe	inokulasjon	noun	nor
input	noun	swe	input	noun	nor
inrikespolitik	noun	swe	innarikspolitikk	noun	nor
inrikespolitik	noun	swe	innenrikspolitikk	noun	nor
inrådan	noun	swe	nemnd	noun	nor
inrådan	noun	swe	råd	noun	nor
inrådan	noun	swe	råte	noun	nor
insats	noun	swe	innsats	noun	nor
insats	noun	swe	sett	noun	nor
insekt	noun	swe	insekt	noun	nor
insemination	noun	swe	inseminasjon	noun	nor
insikt	noun	swe	innsikt	noun	nor
insinuation	noun	swe	insinuasjon	noun	nor
inskott	noun	swe	flygeidé	noun	nor
inskription	noun	swe	inskripsjon	noun	nor
inslag	noun	swe	innslag	noun	nor
inspektion	noun	swe	inspeksjon	noun	nor
inspektor	noun	swe	oppsynsmann	noun	nor
inspektör	noun	swe	inspektør	noun	nor
inspelning	noun	swe	innspeling	noun	nor
inspelning	noun	swe	innspilling	noun	nor
inspelning	noun	swe	opptak	noun	nor
inspicient	noun	swe	inspisient	noun	nor
inspiration	noun	swe	inspirasjon	noun	nor
installation	noun	swe	installasjon	noun	nor
installatör	noun	swe	installatør	noun	nor
instans	noun	swe	instans	noun	nor
insteg	noun	swe	innpass	noun	nor
instinkt	noun	swe	instinkt	noun	nor
institut	noun	swe	institutt	noun	nor
institution	noun	swe	institusjon	noun	nor
instruktion	noun	swe	instruksjon	noun	nor
instruktör	noun	swe	instruktør	noun	nor
instrument	noun	swe	instrument	noun	nor
instrumentalist	noun	swe	instrumentalist	noun	nor
instrumentalmusik	noun	swe	instrumentalmusikk	noun	nor
inställning	noun	swe	innstilling	noun	nor
insufficiens	noun	swe	insuffisiens	noun	nor
insulin	noun	swe	insulin	noun	nor
intag	noun	swe	inntak	noun	nor
intagning	noun	swe	opptak	noun	nor
integration	noun	swe	integrasjon	noun	nor
integrationspolitik	noun	swe	integrasjonspolitikk	noun	nor
integritet	noun	swe	integritet	noun	nor
intellekt	noun	swe	intellekt	noun	nor
intellekt	noun	swe	intelligens	noun	nor
intelligens	noun	swe	intelligens	noun	nor
intelligentsia	noun	swe	intelligentsia	noun	nor
intendent	noun	swe	sjef	noun	nor
intensitet	noun	swe	intensitet	noun	nor
intention	noun	swe	forsett	noun	nor
intention	noun	swe	intensjon	noun	nor
interaktion	noun	swe	interaksjon	noun	nor
internat	noun	swe	internat	noun	nor
international	noun	swe	internasjonale	noun	nor
internationalism	noun	swe	internasjonalisme	noun	nor
internationalist	noun	swe	internasjonalist	noun	nor
interpellant	noun	swe	interpellant	noun	nor
interpellation	noun	swe	interpellasjon	noun	nor
intervall	noun	swe	intervall	noun	nor
intervention	noun	swe	intervensjon	noun	nor
intervju	noun	swe	intervju	noun	nor
intervjuare	noun	swe	intervjuar	noun	nor
intervjuare	noun	swe	intervjuer	noun	nor
intervjuobjekt	noun	swe	intervjuobjekt	noun	nor
intighet	noun	swe	inkje	noun	nor
intighet	noun	swe	intet	noun	nor
intimitet	noun	swe	intimitet	noun	nor
intolerans	noun	swe	intoleranse	noun	nor
intonation	noun	swe	intonasjon	noun	nor
intresse	noun	swe	interesse	noun	nor
intressekonflikt	noun	swe	interessekonflikt	noun	nor
intressent	noun	swe	interessent	noun	nor
intresseområde	noun	swe	interesseområde	noun	nor
intresseorganisation	noun	swe	interesseorganisasjon	noun	nor
intrig	noun	swe	intrige	noun	nor
intrigant	noun	swe	intrigant	noun	nor
introduktion	noun	swe	introduksjon	noun	nor
intryck	noun	swe	inntrykk	noun	nor
intryck	noun	swe	påverknad	noun	nor
intryck	noun	swe	påverking	noun	nor
intryck	noun	swe	påvirkning	noun	nor
inträde	noun	swe	adgang	noun	nor
inträde	noun	swe	inngang	noun	nor
inträde	noun	swe	tilgjenge	noun	nor
inträde	noun	swe	åtgang	noun	nor
inträdesprov	noun	swe	opptaksprøve	noun	nor
intrång	noun	swe	innbrot	noun	nor
intrång	noun	swe	innbrudd	noun	nor
intuition	noun	swe	intuisjon	noun	nor
intyg	noun	swe	erklæring	noun	nor
intyg	noun	swe	fråsegn	noun	nor
intyg	noun	swe	sertifikat	noun	nor
intäkt	noun	swe	inntekt	noun	nor
intåg	noun	swe	inntog	noun	nor
inuit	noun	swe	inuit	noun	nor
inuit	noun	swe	inuitt	noun	nor
invalid	noun	swe	invalid	noun	nor
invaliditet	noun	swe	invaliditet	noun	nor
invandrare	noun	swe	innvandrar	noun	nor
invandrare	noun	swe	innvandrer	noun	nor
invandring	noun	swe	innvandring	noun	nor
invasion	noun	swe	invasjon	noun	nor
inverkan	noun	swe	innverknad	noun	nor
inverkan	noun	swe	innvirkning	noun	nor
inverkan	noun	swe	verknad	noun	nor
inverkan	noun	swe	virkning	noun	nor
investerare	noun	swe	investor	noun	nor
investering	noun	swe	investering	noun	nor
investitur	noun	swe	investitur	noun	nor
investmentbolag	noun	swe	investeringsselskap	noun	nor
invitation	noun	swe	invitasjon	noun	nor
invitation	noun	swe	invitt	noun	nor
invändning	noun	swe	innvending	noun	nor
invånare	noun	swe	innbyggar	noun	nor
invånare	noun	swe	innbygger	noun	nor
invånare	noun	swe	innbyggjar	noun	nor
irer	noun	swe	ire	noun	nor
iris	noun	swe	iris	noun	nor
iriska	noun	swe	irsk	noun	nor
iriska	noun	swe	irsk	noun	nor
ironi	noun	swe	ironi	noun	nor
irrigation	noun	swe	irrigasjon	noun	nor
irritation	noun	swe	irritasjon	noun	nor
irriterande	noun	swe	irritasjon	noun	nor
is	noun	swe	is	noun	nor
is	noun	swe	iskrem	noun	nor
isberg	noun	swe	isberg	noun	nor
isberg	noun	swe	isfjell	noun	nor
isbjörn	noun	swe	isbjørn	noun	nor
isbjörn	noun	swe	kvitbjørn	noun	nor
isbrytare	noun	swe	isbrytar	noun	nor
isbrytare	noun	swe	isbryter	noun	nor
isbrytning	noun	swe	isbryting	noun	nor
isbrytning	noun	swe	isbrytning	noun	nor
isflak	noun	swe	isflak	noun	nor
isfront	noun	swe	isfront	noun	nor
ishockey	noun	swe	ishockey	noun	nor
iskant	noun	swe	iskant	noun	nor
iskristall	noun	swe	iskrystall	noun	nor
iskyla	noun	swe	iskulde	noun	nor
islam	noun	swe	islam	noun	nor
isländska	noun	swe	islandsk	noun	nor
isländska	noun	swe	islandsk	noun	nor
islänning	noun	swe	islending	noun	nor
isolator	noun	swe	isolator	noun	nor
isolering	noun	swe	isolasjon	noun	nor
isolering	noun	swe	isolering	noun	nor
isotop	noun	swe	isotop	noun	nor
israelit	noun	swe	israelitt	noun	nor
istapp	noun	swe	istapp	noun	nor
ister	noun	swe	smult	noun	nor
istid	noun	swe	istid	noun	nor
istäcke	noun	swe	isdekke	noun	nor
italienska	noun	swe	italiensk	noun	nor
italienska	noun	swe	italiensk	noun	nor
iteration	noun	swe	iterasjon	noun	nor
iver	noun	swe	iver	noun	nor
ja	noun	swe	ja	noun	nor
jack	noun	swe	hakk	noun	nor
jack	noun	swe	skar	noun	nor
jack	noun	swe	snart	noun	nor
jack	noun	swe	tronge	noun	nor
jacka	noun	swe	jakke	noun	nor
jade	noun	swe	jade	noun	nor
jag	noun	swe	eg	noun	nor
jag	noun	swe	jag	noun	nor
jag	noun	swe	jeg	noun	nor
jaguar	noun	swe	jaguar	noun	nor
jakaranda	noun	swe	jakaranda	noun	nor
jakt	noun	swe	jakt	noun	nor
jakthund	noun	swe	jakthund	noun	nor
jaktkort	noun	swe	jaktkort	noun	nor
jaktplan	noun	swe	jagarfly	noun	nor
jaktplan	noun	swe	jagerfly	noun	nor
jakträtt	noun	swe	jaktrett	noun	nor
jan	noun	swe	jan	noun	nor
januari	noun	swe	januar	noun	nor
japanska	noun	swe	japansk	noun	nor
japanska	noun	swe	japansk	noun	nor
jarl	noun	swe	jarl	noun	nor
jasmin	noun	swe	jasmin	noun	nor
jazz	noun	swe	jass	noun	nor
jazz	noun	swe	jazz	noun	nor
jeans	noun	swe	jeans	noun	nor
jeep	noun	swe	jeep	noun	nor
jemenit	noun	swe	jemenitt	noun	nor
jenka	noun	swe	jenka	noun	nor
jersey	noun	swe	jersey	noun	nor
jesuit	noun	swe	jesuitt	noun	nor
jesuitorden	noun	swe	jesuittorden	noun	nor
jet	noun	swe	jet	noun	nor
jetmotor	noun	swe	jetmotor	noun	nor
jetong	noun	swe	sjetong	noun	nor
jetplan	noun	swe	jetfly	noun	nor
jiddisch	noun	swe	jiddisch	noun	nor
jiddisch	noun	swe	jiddisk	noun	nor
jiddisch	noun	swe	jiddisk	noun	nor
jig	noun	swe	gigg	noun	nor
jitterbug	noun	swe	jitterbug	noun	nor
jobb	noun	swe	arbeid	noun	nor
jobb	noun	swe	arbeide	noun	nor
jobb	noun	swe	jobb	noun	nor
jobb	noun	swe	yrke	noun	nor
jobbare	noun	swe	arbeidar	noun	nor
jobbare	noun	swe	arbeider	noun	nor
jockey	noun	swe	jockey	noun	nor
jod	noun	swe	jod	noun	nor
jod	noun	swe	jod	noun	nor
jojo	noun	swe	ja	noun	nor
joker	noun	swe	joker	noun	nor
jolle	noun	swe	jolle	noun	nor
jon	noun	swe	dandy	noun	nor
jon	noun	swe	ion	noun	nor
jonglör	noun	swe	sjonglør	noun	nor
jord	noun	swe	jord	noun	nor
jordart	noun	swe	jordart	noun	nor
jordaxel	noun	swe	jordakse	noun	nor
jordbruk	noun	swe	gardsbruk	noun	nor
jordbruk	noun	swe	jordbruk	noun	nor
jordbruk	noun	swe	landbruk	noun	nor
jordbrukare	noun	swe	landmann	noun	nor
jordbruksminister	noun	swe	landbruksminister	noun	nor
jordbrukspolitik	noun	swe	jordbrukspolitikk	noun	nor
jordbruksprodukt	noun	swe	jordbruksprodukt	noun	nor
jordbruksreform	noun	swe	jordbruksreform	noun	nor
jordbävning	noun	swe	jordskjelv	noun	nor
jordbävning	noun	swe	jordskjelv	noun	nor
jordglob	noun	swe	globus	noun	nor
jordgolv	noun	swe	jordgolv	noun	nor
jordgubbe	noun	swe	jordbær	noun	nor
jordkabel	noun	swe	jordkabel	noun	nor
jordregister	noun	swe	jordregister	noun	nor
jordrotation	noun	swe	jordrotasjon	noun	nor
jordskalv	noun	swe	jordskjelv	noun	nor
jordskalv	noun	swe	jordskjelv	noun	nor
jordskred	noun	swe	jordras	noun	nor
jordslag	noun	swe	jordslag	noun	nor
journal	noun	swe	avis	noun	nor
journal	noun	swe	journal	noun	nor
journalist	noun	swe	bladfyk	noun	nor
journalist	noun	swe	journalist	noun	nor
journalistik	noun	swe	journalistikk	noun	nor
jox	noun	swe	juks	noun	nor
jubel	noun	swe	jubel	noun	nor
jubelår	noun	swe	jubelår	noun	nor
jude	noun	swe	jøde	noun	nor
judendom	noun	swe	jødedom	noun	nor
judo	noun	swe	judo	noun	nor
jugendstil	noun	swe	jugendstil	noun	nor
jugoslav	noun	swe	jugoslav	noun	nor
juice	noun	swe	juice	noun	nor
juice	noun	swe	jus	noun	nor
juice	noun	swe	juss	noun	nor
jukebox	noun	swe	jukeboks	noun	nor
jul	noun	swe	jol	noun	nor
jul	noun	swe	jul	noun	nor
jul	noun	swe	jól	noun	nor
julafton	noun	swe	julaftan	noun	nor
julafton	noun	swe	julaften	noun	nor
julafton	noun	swe	julekveld	noun	nor
julbock	noun	swe	julebukk	noun	nor
juldag	noun	swe	juledag	noun	nor
julgran	noun	swe	juletre	noun	nor
julgransfot	noun	swe	juletrefot	noun	nor
juli	noun	swe	juli	noun	nor
julklapp	noun	swe	julegave	noun	nor
julklapp	noun	swe	julegåve	noun	nor
julklapp	noun	swe	julepresang	noun	nor
julkort	noun	swe	julekort	noun	nor
jullov	noun	swe	juleferie	noun	nor
jumbo	noun	swe	jumbo	noun	nor
jumbojet	noun	swe	jumbojet	noun	nor
jungfrudom	noun	swe	jomfrudom	noun	nor
jungfrufödsel	noun	swe	jomfrufødsel	noun	nor
juni	noun	swe	juni	noun	nor
junior	noun	swe	junior	noun	nor
junta	noun	swe	junta	noun	nor
jura	noun	swe	jura	noun	nor
jurisdiktion	noun	swe	jurisdiksjon	noun	nor
jurisprudens	noun	swe	rettsvitenskap	noun	nor
jurisprudens	noun	swe	rettsvitskap	noun	nor
jurist	noun	swe	jurist	noun	nor
jury	noun	swe	jury	noun	nor
justis	noun	swe	justis	noun	nor
justitiemord	noun	swe	justismord	noun	nor
juvel	noun	swe	juvel	noun	nor
juver	noun	swe	jur	noun	nor
jägare	noun	swe	jeger	noun	nor
jägarförband	noun	swe	jegerkorps	noun	nor
jämförelse	noun	swe	jamføring	noun	nor
jämförelse	noun	swe	samanlikning	noun	nor
jämförelse	noun	swe	sammenligning	noun	nor
jämförelse	noun	swe	sammenlikning	noun	nor
jämlikhet	noun	swe	likeverd	noun	nor
jämlikhet	noun	swe	likhet	noun	nor
jämlikhet	noun	swe	likskap	noun	nor
jämmer	noun	swe	jammer	noun	nor
jämmerdal	noun	swe	jammerdal	noun	nor
jämnmod	noun	swe	likevekt	noun	nor
jämställdhet	noun	swe	likestilling	noun	nor
jämvikt	noun	swe	likevekt	noun	nor
järn	noun	swe	jern	noun	nor
järn	noun	swe	jern	noun	nor
järnkors	noun	swe	jernkors	noun	nor
järnring	noun	swe	jernring	noun	nor
järnverk	noun	swe	jernverk	noun	nor
järnväg	noun	swe	jernbane	noun	nor
järnväg	noun	swe	jernbane	noun	nor
järnvägsstation	noun	swe	jernbanestasjon	noun	nor
järv	noun	swe	jerv	noun	nor
jäst	noun	swe	gjær	noun	nor
jätte	noun	swe	jotun	noun	nor
jätte	noun	swe	kjempe	noun	nor
jåkk	noun	swe	fjellbekk	noun	nor
kabaré	noun	swe	kabaret	noun	nor
kabel	noun	swe	kabel	noun	nor
kabeljo	noun	swe	klippfisk	noun	nor
kabinett	noun	swe	kabinett	noun	nor
kabinettsfråga	noun	swe	kabinettsspørsmål	noun	nor
kackalorum	noun	swe	lurveleven	noun	nor
kackalorum	noun	swe	spetakkel	noun	nor
kadaver	noun	swe	kadaver	noun	nor
kadaverdisciplin	noun	swe	kadaverdisiplin	noun	nor
kadens	noun	swe	kadens	noun	nor
kadett	noun	swe	kadett	noun	nor
kadmium	noun	swe	kadmium	noun	nor
kaffe	noun	swe	kaffe	noun	nor
kaffe	noun	swe	kaffi	noun	nor
kaffekopp	noun	swe	kaffekopp	noun	nor
kaffekopp	noun	swe	kaffikopp	noun	nor
kafé	noun	swe	kafe	noun	nor
kafé	noun	swe	kafé	noun	nor
kagge	noun	swe	kagge	noun	nor
kainsmärke	noun	swe	kainsmerke	noun	nor
kaj	noun	swe	kai	noun	nor
kajak	noun	swe	kajakk	noun	nor
kajplats	noun	swe	kaiplass	noun	nor
kajuta	noun	swe	kahytt	noun	nor
kajuta	noun	swe	kahytte	noun	nor
kaka	noun	swe	kake	noun	nor
kaka	noun	swe	kjake	noun	nor
kakao	noun	swe	kakao	noun	nor
kakel	noun	swe	kakkel	noun	nor
kakofoni	noun	swe	kakofoni	noun	nor
kaktus	noun	swe	kaktus	noun	nor
kalas	noun	swe	kalas	noun	nor
kalcium	noun	swe	kalsium	noun	nor
kalender	noun	swe	kalender	noun	nor
kalenderstav	noun	swe	kalenderstav	noun	nor
kalenderår	noun	swe	kalenderår	noun	nor
kaliber	noun	swe	kaliber	noun	nor
kaliber	noun	swe	kaliber	noun	nor
kalif	noun	swe	kalif	noun	nor
kalifat	noun	swe	kalifat	noun	nor
kalium	noun	swe	kali	noun	nor
kalium	noun	swe	kali	noun	nor
kalium	noun	swe	kalium	noun	nor
kalk	noun	swe	kalk	noun	nor
kalkbrott	noun	swe	kalkbrot	noun	nor
kalkbrott	noun	swe	kalkbrudd	noun	nor
kalkon	noun	swe	kalkun	noun	nor
kalksten	noun	swe	kalkstein	noun	nor
kall	noun	swe	kall	noun	nor
kallelse	noun	swe	kall	noun	nor
kallfront	noun	swe	kaldfront	noun	nor
kalott	noun	swe	kalott	noun	nor
kalv	noun	swe	kalv	noun	nor
kalvinist	noun	swe	kalvinist	noun	nor
kam	noun	swe	kam	noun	nor
kamel	noun	swe	kamel	noun	nor
kamelia	noun	swe	kamelia	noun	nor
kamera	noun	swe	kamera	noun	nor
kamerastativ	noun	swe	kamerastativ	noun	nor
kameravinkel	noun	swe	kameravinkel	noun	nor
kamfer	noun	swe	kamfer	noun	nor
kamin	noun	swe	kamin	noun	nor
kamin	noun	swe	omn	noun	nor
kammare	noun	swe	rom	noun	nor
kammare	noun	swe	værelse	noun	nor
kammarherre	noun	swe	kammerherre	noun	nor
kamp	noun	swe	kamp	noun	nor
kampanj	noun	swe	kampanje	noun	nor
kamporganisation	noun	swe	kamporganisasjon	noun	nor
kamrat	noun	swe	busse	noun	nor
kamrat	noun	swe	kamerat	noun	nor
kanal	noun	swe	kanal	noun	nor
kanalsystem	noun	swe	kanalsystem	noun	nor
kanapé	noun	swe	kanapé	noun	nor
kandelaber	noun	swe	kandelaber	noun	nor
kandidat	noun	swe	kandidat	noun	nor
kandidatur	noun	swe	kandidatur	noun	nor
kandidatur	noun	swe	kandidatur	noun	nor
kanel	noun	swe	kanel	noun	nor
kanin	noun	swe	kanin	noun	nor
kannibal	noun	swe	kannibal	noun	nor
kannibalism	noun	swe	kannibalisme	noun	nor
kanon	noun	swe	kanon	noun	nor
kanonbåt	noun	swe	kanonbåt	noun	nor
kansli	noun	swe	kanselli	noun	nor
kanslistil	noun	swe	kansellispråk	noun	nor
kanslisvenska	noun	swe	kansellistil	noun	nor
kant	noun	swe	kant	noun	nor
kant	noun	swe	kant	noun	nor
kantarell	noun	swe	kantarell	noun	nor
kantat	noun	swe	kantate	noun	nor
kantband	noun	swe	kantband	noun	nor
kantband	noun	swe	kantbånd	noun	nor
kantin	noun	swe	kantine	noun	nor
kanton	noun	swe	kanton	noun	nor
kantor	noun	swe	kantor	noun	nor
kantsten	noun	swe	kantstein	noun	nor
kanvas	noun	swe	kanvas	noun	nor
kanvas	noun	swe	kanvas	noun	nor
kaos	noun	swe	kaos	noun	nor
kap	noun	swe	kapp	noun	nor
kapacitet	noun	swe	kapasitet	noun	nor
kapare	noun	swe	kaper	noun	nor
kapell	noun	swe	kapell	noun	nor
kapital	noun	swe	kapital	noun	nor
kapitalism	noun	swe	kapitalisme	noun	nor
kapitalist	noun	swe	kapitalist	noun	nor
kapitel	noun	swe	kapitel	noun	nor
kapitel	noun	swe	kapittel	noun	nor
kapitulation	noun	swe	kapitulasjon	noun	nor
kappa	noun	swe	frakk	noun	nor
kappa	noun	swe	sjakett	noun	nor
kappe	noun	swe	cape	noun	nor
kappe	noun	swe	kappe	noun	nor
kappe	noun	swe	mantel	noun	nor
kapplöpning	noun	swe	kappløp	noun	nor
kapplöpning	noun	swe	skeid	noun	nor
kapprum	noun	swe	entré	noun	nor
kapris	noun	swe	kapers	noun	nor
kapsel	noun	swe	kapsel	noun	nor
kapten	noun	swe	kaptein	noun	nor
kar	noun	swe	butt	noun	nor
kar	noun	swe	kar	noun	nor
kar	noun	swe	kar	noun	nor
kar	noun	swe	kjer	noun	nor
kar	noun	swe	kjerald	noun	nor
kar	noun	swe	kjørel	noun	nor
karaff	noun	swe	karaffel	noun	nor
karakteristik	noun	swe	karakteristikk	noun	nor
karaktär	noun	swe	karakter	noun	nor
karaktärsdrag	noun	swe	karaktertrekk	noun	nor
karamell	noun	swe	karamell	noun	nor
karate	noun	swe	karate	noun	nor
karavan	noun	swe	karavane	noun	nor
karbin	noun	swe	karabin	noun	nor
karbon	noun	swe	karbon	noun	nor
kardemumma	noun	swe	kardemomme	noun	nor
kardinal	noun	swe	kardinal	noun	nor
kardinaltal	noun	swe	kardinaltal	noun	nor
kardinaltal	noun	swe	kardinaltall	noun	nor
kardiologi	noun	swe	kardiologi	noun	nor
karens	noun	swe	karens	noun	nor
karensdag	noun	swe	karensdag	noun	nor
karikatyr	noun	swe	karikatur	noun	nor
karisma	noun	swe	karisma	noun	nor
karl	noun	swe	fysak	noun	nor
karl	noun	swe	kar	noun	nor
karlslok	noun	swe	karfolk	noun	nor
karlslok	noun	swe	mannfolk	noun	nor
karm	noun	swe	karm	noun	nor
karneval	noun	swe	karneval	noun	nor
karolin	noun	swe	karolin	noun	nor
karott	noun	swe	fat	noun	nor
karp	noun	swe	karpe	noun	nor
karpfisk	noun	swe	karpefisk	noun	nor
karriär	noun	swe	karriere	noun	nor
karta	noun	swe	kart	noun	nor
karta	noun	swe	kart	noun	nor
karta	noun	swe	kort	noun	nor
kartbok	noun	swe	atlas	noun	nor
kartbok	noun	swe	atlas	noun	nor
kartbok	noun	swe	kartverk	noun	nor
kartong	noun	swe	kartong	noun	nor
kartotek	noun	swe	kartotek	noun	nor
kasern	noun	swe	kaserne	noun	nor
kashmir	noun	swe	kasjmir	noun	nor
kasino	noun	swe	kasino	noun	nor
kaskad	noun	swe	kaskade	noun	nor
kassa	noun	swe	kasse	noun	nor
kassakvitto	noun	swe	kassalapp	noun	nor
kassaskåp	noun	swe	pengeskap	noun	nor
kassaskåp	noun	swe	safe	noun	nor
kassation	noun	swe	kassasjon	noun	nor
kasse	noun	swe	kasse	noun	nor
kassettband	noun	swe	kassett	noun	nor
kassettband	noun	swe	kassettband	noun	nor
kast	noun	swe	kast	noun	nor
kast	noun	swe	kast	noun	nor
kastanj	noun	swe	kastanje	noun	nor
kastanje	noun	swe	kastanje	noun	nor
kastrat	noun	swe	kastrat	noun	nor
kastrull	noun	swe	gryte	noun	nor
kastrull	noun	swe	kasseroll	noun	nor
kastrull	noun	swe	kasserolle	noun	nor
kasus	noun	swe	kasus	noun	nor
kasus	noun	swe	kasus	noun	nor
katakomb	noun	swe	katakombe	noun	nor
katalanska	noun	swe	katalansk	noun	nor
katalanska	noun	swe	katalansk	noun	nor
katalog	noun	swe	katalog	noun	nor
katalysator	noun	swe	katalysator	noun	nor
katamaran	noun	swe	katamaran	noun	nor
katapult	noun	swe	katapult	noun	nor
katarakt	noun	swe	katarakt	noun	nor
katarr	noun	swe	katarr	noun	nor
katastrof	noun	swe	katastrofe	noun	nor
katedral	noun	swe	domkirke	noun	nor
katedral	noun	swe	katedral	noun	nor
kategori	noun	swe	kategori	noun	nor
kateket	noun	swe	kateket	noun	nor
kateter	noun	swe	kateter	noun	nor
katod	noun	swe	katode	noun	nor
katolik	noun	swe	katolikk	noun	nor
katt	noun	swe	kat	noun	nor
katt	noun	swe	katt	noun	nor
kattdjur	noun	swe	kattedyr	noun	nor
kattrakande	noun	swe	hurlumhei	noun	nor
kattunge	noun	swe	kattunge	noun	nor
kausalitet	noun	swe	kausalitet	noun	nor
kaution	noun	swe	kausjon	noun	nor
kautschuk	noun	swe	kautsjuk	noun	nor
kavaljer	noun	swe	kavaler	noun	nor
kavalkad	noun	swe	kavalkade	noun	nor
kaviar	noun	swe	kaviar	noun	nor
kebab	noun	swe	kebab	noun	nor
kediv	noun	swe	kediv	noun	nor
kedja	noun	swe	kjede	noun	nor
kedja	noun	swe	kjetting	noun	nor
kedjereaktion	noun	swe	kjedereaksjon	noun	nor
kefir	noun	swe	kefir	noun	nor
kejsare	noun	swe	keisar	noun	nor
kejsare	noun	swe	keiser	noun	nor
kelgris	noun	swe	kjæledegge	noun	nor
kelvin	noun	swe	kelvin	noun	nor
kemi	noun	swe	kjemi	noun	nor
kemist	noun	swe	kjemikar	noun	nor
kemist	noun	swe	kjemiker	noun	nor
kemtvätt	noun	swe	reinsing	noun	nor
kemtvätt	noun	swe	rensing	noun	nor
kennel	noun	swe	kennel	noun	nor
keramik	noun	swe	keramikk	noun	nor
ketchup	noun	swe	ketchup	noun	nor
kex	noun	swe	kjeks	noun	nor
khaki	noun	swe	khaki	noun	nor
khan	noun	swe	khan	noun	nor
khmer	noun	swe	khmer	noun	nor
kibbutz	noun	swe	kibbutz	noun	nor
kick	noun	swe	augeblink	noun	nor
kick	noun	swe	augneblink	noun	nor
kick	noun	swe	augneblunk	noun	nor
kick	noun	swe	øyeblikk	noun	nor
kid	noun	swe	kje	noun	nor
kikare	noun	swe	kikert	noun	nor
kikare	noun	swe	kikkert	noun	nor
kikarsikte	noun	swe	kikkertsikte	noun	nor
kille	noun	swe	dreng	noun	nor
kille	noun	swe	fyr	noun	nor
kille	noun	swe	gut	noun	nor
kille	noun	swe	gutt	noun	nor
kille	noun	swe	pilt	noun	nor
killing	noun	swe	kattunge	noun	nor
killing	noun	swe	killing	noun	nor
kilo	noun	swe	kilo	noun	nor
kilo	noun	swe	kilo	noun	nor
kilogram	noun	swe	kilogram	noun	nor
kilometer	noun	swe	kilometer	noun	nor
kilowatt	noun	swe	kilowatt	noun	nor
kilt	noun	swe	kilt	noun	nor
kimono	noun	swe	kimono	noun	nor
kind	noun	swe	kinn	noun	nor
kindknota	noun	swe	kinnbein	noun	nor
kines	noun	swe	kinaputt	noun	nor
kinesiska	noun	swe	kinesisk	noun	nor
kinesiska	noun	swe	kinesisk	noun	nor
kiosk	noun	swe	kiosk	noun	nor
kiosklitteratur	noun	swe	kiosklitteratur	noun	nor
kiropraktik	noun	swe	kiropraktikk	noun	nor
kiropraktor	noun	swe	kiropraktor	noun	nor
kirurg	noun	swe	kirurg	noun	nor
kirurgi	noun	swe	kirurgi	noun	nor
kis	noun	swe	kis	noun	nor
kisel	noun	swe	kisel	noun	nor
kisel	noun	swe	silisium	noun	nor
kisse	noun	swe	pusekatt	noun	nor
kissekatt	noun	swe	mi	noun	nor
kissemiss	noun	swe	mi	noun	nor
kit	noun	swe	kitt	noun	nor
kitin	noun	swe	kitin	noun	nor
kittel	noun	swe	kjele	noun	nor
kiwi	noun	swe	kiwi	noun	nor
kjol	noun	swe	kjole	noun	nor
kjol	noun	swe	livkjole	noun	nor
kjol	noun	swe	skjørt	noun	nor
kjortel	noun	swe	nederdel	noun	nor
klack	noun	swe	hæl	noun	nor
klaff	noun	swe	klaff	noun	nor
klagan	noun	swe	klage	noun	nor
klagomål	noun	swe	klagemål	noun	nor
klammeri	noun	swe	klammeri	noun	nor
klan	noun	swe	klan	noun	nor
klang	noun	swe	klang	noun	nor
klappersten	noun	swe	rullestein	noun	nor
klarhet	noun	swe	klarheit	noun	nor
klarhet	noun	swe	klarhet	noun	nor
klarinett	noun	swe	klarinett	noun	nor
klarinettist	noun	swe	klarinettist	noun	nor
klarsignal	noun	swe	klarsignal	noun	nor
klase	noun	swe	klase	noun	nor
klass	noun	swe	klasse	noun	nor
klassamhälle	noun	swe	klassesamfunn	noun	nor
klassegoism	noun	swe	klasseegoisme	noun	nor
klassicism	noun	swe	klassisisme	noun	nor
klassifikation	noun	swe	klassifikasjon	noun	nor
klasskamp	noun	swe	klassekamp	noun	nor
klassrum	noun	swe	klasserom	noun	nor
klaustrofobi	noun	swe	klaustrofobi	noun	nor
klausul	noun	swe	klausul	noun	nor
klematis	noun	swe	klematis	noun	nor
klementin	noun	swe	klementin	noun	nor
klerk	noun	swe	klerk	noun	nor
kliché	noun	swe	klisjé	noun	nor
klick	noun	swe	klikk	noun	nor
klick	noun	swe	klikk	noun	nor
klient	noun	swe	klient	noun	nor
klientel	noun	swe	klientell	noun	nor
klimat	noun	swe	klima	noun	nor
klimax	noun	swe	klimaks	noun	nor
klimax	noun	swe	klimaks	noun	nor
klinik	noun	swe	klinikk	noun	nor
klink	noun	swe	klink	noun	nor
klink	noun	swe	klink	noun	nor
klinka	noun	swe	klinke	noun	nor
klinker	noun	swe	klinke	noun	nor
klipper	noun	swe	klipper	noun	nor
klipperskepp	noun	swe	klipper	noun	nor
klippkort	noun	swe	klippekort	noun	nor
klister	noun	swe	kliss	noun	nor
klister	noun	swe	klister	noun	nor
klitoris	noun	swe	klitoris	noun	nor
kloak	noun	swe	kloakk	noun	nor
klocka	noun	swe	klokke	noun	nor
klockslag	noun	swe	klokkeslett	noun	nor
klockstapel	noun	swe	klokketårn	noun	nor
klokskap	noun	swe	klokskap	noun	nor
klon	noun	swe	klon	noun	nor
klor	noun	swe	klor	noun	nor
klorkalk	noun	swe	klorkalk	noun	nor
kloroform	noun	swe	kloroform	noun	nor
klorofyll	noun	swe	klorofyll	noun	nor
kloster	noun	swe	kloster	noun	nor
klot	noun	swe	klode	noun	nor
klot	noun	swe	klot	noun	nor
klot	noun	swe	klot	noun	nor
klubb	noun	swe	klubb	noun	nor
klubbmärke	noun	swe	emblem	noun	nor
klump	noun	swe	jafs	noun	nor
klump	noun	swe	klabb	noun	nor
klump	noun	swe	kladd	noun	nor
klump	noun	swe	klepp	noun	nor
klump	noun	swe	klump	noun	nor
klump	noun	swe	stykke	noun	nor
klumpedump	noun	swe	fjomp	noun	nor
klumpfisk	noun	swe	månefisk	noun	nor
klumpfot	noun	swe	klumpfot	noun	nor
klunga	noun	swe	klynge	noun	nor
klunk	noun	swe	knert	noun	nor
klunk	noun	swe	slurk	noun	nor
klunk	noun	swe	sup	noun	nor
klusil	noun	swe	klusil	noun	nor
klusil	noun	swe	plosiv	noun	nor
klyfta	noun	swe	bolk	noun	nor
klyfta	noun	swe	juv	noun	nor
klyfta	noun	swe	ravine	noun	nor
klyfta	noun	swe	stykke	noun	nor
klyv	noun	swe	klyv	noun	nor
kläde	noun	swe	klede	noun	nor
klädesplagg	noun	swe	klede	noun	nor
klädesplagg	noun	swe	klesplagg	noun	nor
klädesplagg	noun	swe	klær	noun	nor
klädesplagg	noun	swe	plagg	noun	nor
klädesplagg	noun	swe	tøy	noun	nor
klädesplagg	noun	swe	tøying	noun	nor
kläm	noun	swe	gløtt	noun	nor
kläm	noun	swe	klem	noun	nor
klänning	noun	swe	kjole	noun	nor
klänning	noun	swe	livkjole	noun	nor
klätt	noun	swe	klett	noun	nor
klättring	noun	swe	klyv	noun	nor
klöver	noun	swe	kløver	noun	nor
knagge	noun	swe	knagg	noun	nor
knall	noun	swe	knall	noun	nor
knap	noun	swe	knapp	noun	nor
knapp	noun	swe	knapp	noun	nor
knapphet	noun	swe	knapphet	noun	nor
knapphet	noun	swe	knappleik	noun	nor
knatting	noun	swe	barn	noun	nor
kneg	noun	swe	arbeid	noun	nor
kneg	noun	swe	arbeide	noun	nor
kneg	noun	swe	yrke	noun	nor
knekt	noun	swe	knekt	noun	nor
knekt	noun	swe	soldat	noun	nor
knep	noun	swe	knep	noun	nor
knep	noun	swe	trick	noun	nor
knep	noun	swe	triks	noun	nor
knipa	noun	swe	knipetak	noun	nor
knippa	noun	swe	bunt	noun	nor
knippa	noun	swe	nøste	noun	nor
kniv	noun	swe	kniv	noun	nor
knivblad	noun	swe	knivblad	noun	nor
knivhugg	noun	swe	knivstikk	noun	nor
knivsegg	noun	swe	knivsegg	noun	nor
knivskaft	noun	swe	knivskaft	noun	nor
knockout	noun	swe	knockout	noun	nor
knog	noun	swe	gnål	noun	nor
knog	noun	swe	mas	noun	nor
knop	noun	swe	knop	noun	nor
knop	noun	swe	knopp	noun	nor
knopp	noun	swe	knop	noun	nor
knopp	noun	swe	knopp	noun	nor
knuff	noun	swe	dult	noun	nor
knuff	noun	swe	dytt	noun	nor
knuff	noun	swe	puff	noun	nor
knull	noun	swe	knall	noun	nor
knull	noun	swe	knull	noun	nor
knull	noun	swe	plaff	noun	nor
knussel	noun	swe	knussel	noun	nor
knut	noun	swe	floke	noun	nor
knut	noun	swe	knut	noun	nor
knut	noun	swe	knute	noun	nor
knyte	noun	swe	bunt	noun	nor
knyte	noun	swe	knyte	noun	nor
knyte	noun	swe	nøste	noun	nor
knytnäve	noun	swe	knyttneve	noun	nor
knä	noun	swe	kne	noun	nor
knäck	noun	swe	knekk	noun	nor
knäckebröd	noun	swe	knekkebrød	noun	nor
knöl	noun	swe	knoll	noun	nor
knölval	noun	swe	knølhval	noun	nor
knölval	noun	swe	knølkval	noun	nor
ko	noun	swe	ku	noun	nor
koalition	noun	swe	koalisjon	noun	nor
kobolt	noun	swe	kobolt	noun	nor
kobra	noun	swe	kobra	noun	nor
kock	noun	swe	klokke	noun	nor
kock	noun	swe	kokk	noun	nor
kod	noun	swe	kode	noun	nor
kodex	noun	swe	kodeks	noun	nor
koefficient	noun	swe	koeffisient	noun	nor
koffert	noun	swe	koffert	noun	nor
kofot	noun	swe	kubein	noun	nor
kohort	noun	swe	kohort	noun	nor
koka	noun	swe	koka	noun	nor
kokare	noun	swe	kokeapparat	noun	nor
kokeri	noun	swe	kokeri	noun	nor
kokkärl	noun	swe	kokekar	noun	nor
kokning	noun	swe	kokning	noun	nor
kokos	noun	swe	kokos	noun	nor
kokospalm	noun	swe	kokospalme	noun	nor
kokpunkt	noun	swe	kokepunkt	noun	nor
koks	noun	swe	koks	noun	nor
kol	noun	swe	kol	noun	nor
kol	noun	swe	kol	noun	nor
kol	noun	swe	kull	noun	nor
kolbrikett	noun	swe	brikett	noun	nor
koldioxid	noun	swe	karbondioksid	noun	nor
kolera	noun	swe	kolera	noun	nor
kolesterol	noun	swe	kolesterol	noun	nor
kolesterol	noun	swe	kolesterol	noun	nor
kolhydrat	noun	swe	karbohydrat	noun	nor
kolibakterie	noun	swe	kolibakterie	noun	nor
kolik	noun	swe	kolikk	noun	nor
kolja	noun	swe	hyse	noun	nor
kolja	noun	swe	kolje	noun	nor
kollaboratör	noun	swe	kollaboratør	noun	nor
kollaps	noun	swe	kollaps	noun	nor
kollega	noun	swe	kollega	noun	nor
kollekt	noun	swe	kollekt	noun	nor
kollektion	noun	swe	kolleksjon	noun	nor
kollektiv	noun	swe	kollektiv	noun	nor
kollektivavtal	noun	swe	kollektiv	noun	nor
kollektivism	noun	swe	kollektivisme	noun	nor
kollektivjordbruk	noun	swe	kollektivbruk	noun	nor
kollektivtrafik	noun	swe	kollektiv	noun	nor
kollision	noun	swe	kollisjon	noun	nor
kollisionskurs	noun	swe	kollisjonskurs	noun	nor
kollokvium	noun	swe	kollokvium	noun	nor
kolofon	noun	swe	kolofon	noun	nor
kolon	noun	swe	kolon	noun	nor
koloni	noun	swe	koloni	noun	nor
koloni	noun	swe	settlement	noun	nor
kolonialism	noun	swe	kolonialisme	noun	nor
kolonisation	noun	swe	kolonisasjon	noun	nor
kolonisatör	noun	swe	kolonisator	noun	nor
kolonn	noun	swe	kolonne	noun	nor
kolorit	noun	swe	koloritt	noun	nor
kolportör	noun	swe	kolportør	noun	nor
kolumnist	noun	swe	bladfyk	noun	nor
kolumnist	noun	swe	journalist	noun	nor
kolv	noun	swe	kolv	noun	nor
kolv	noun	swe	stempel	noun	nor
koma	noun	swe	koma	noun	nor
kombattant	noun	swe	kombattant	noun	nor
kombination	noun	swe	kombinasjon	noun	nor
komedi	noun	swe	komedie	noun	nor
komet	noun	swe	komet	noun	nor
komfort	noun	swe	komfort	noun	nor
komik	noun	swe	komikk	noun	nor
komma	noun	swe	komma	noun	nor
kommanditbolag	noun	swe	kommandittselskap	noun	nor
kommando	noun	swe	kommando	noun	nor
kommentar	noun	swe	kommentar	noun	nor
kommentator	noun	swe	kommentator	noun	nor
komminister	noun	swe	pope	noun	nor
komminister	noun	swe	prest	noun	nor
kommissarie	noun	swe	kommissær	noun	nor
kommission	noun	swe	kommisjon	noun	nor
kommissionär	noun	swe	kommisjonær	noun	nor
kommitté	noun	swe	komité	noun	nor
kommod	noun	swe	servant	noun	nor
kommun	noun	swe	kommune	noun	nor
kommunalråd	noun	swe	kommunalråd	noun	nor
kommunalskatt	noun	swe	kommuneskatt	noun	nor
kommundel	noun	swe	bydel	noun	nor
kommunikation	noun	swe	kommunikasjon	noun	nor
kommunikationsmedel	noun	swe	kommunikasjonsmiddel	noun	nor
kommunikationssatellit	noun	swe	kommunikasjonssatellitt	noun	nor
kommunist	noun	swe	kommunist	noun	nor
kommunistparti	noun	swe	kommunistparti	noun	nor
kompani	noun	swe	kompani	noun	nor
kompanjon	noun	swe	kompanjong	noun	nor
komparativ	noun	swe	komparativ	noun	nor
kompass	noun	swe	kompas	noun	nor
kompass	noun	swe	kompas	noun	nor
kompass	noun	swe	kompass	noun	nor
kompass	noun	swe	kompass	noun	nor
kompendium	noun	swe	kompendium	noun	nor
kompensation	noun	swe	erstatning	noun	nor
kompensation	noun	swe	kompensasjon	noun	nor
kompetens	noun	swe	kompetanse	noun	nor
kompilation	noun	swe	kompilasjon	noun	nor
kompis	noun	swe	busse	noun	nor
kompis	noun	swe	kamerat	noun	nor
kompis	noun	swe	kompis	noun	nor
kompis	noun	swe	omgangsvenn	noun	nor
kompis	noun	swe	venn	noun	nor
kompis	noun	swe	venn	noun	nor
komplement	noun	swe	komplement	noun	nor
komplementär	noun	swe	komplementar	noun	nor
komplex	noun	swe	kompleks	noun	nor
komplikation	noun	swe	komplikasjon	noun	nor
komponent	noun	swe	komponent	noun	nor
komponist	noun	swe	komponist	noun	nor
komposition	noun	swe	komposisjon	noun	nor
kompost	noun	swe	kompost	noun	nor
kompress	noun	swe	kompress	noun	nor
kompression	noun	swe	kompresjon	noun	nor
kompressor	noun	swe	kompressor	noun	nor
kompromiss	noun	swe	kompromiss	noun	nor
koncentrat	noun	swe	konsentrat	noun	nor
koncentration	noun	swe	konsentrasjon	noun	nor
koncept	noun	swe	oppfatning	noun	nor
koncept	noun	swe	oppfatning	noun	nor
koncept	noun	swe	oppfatting	noun	nor
koncern	noun	swe	konsern	noun	nor
koncession	noun	swe	konsesjon	noun	nor
kondensat	noun	swe	kondensat	noun	nor
kondensation	noun	swe	kondensasjon	noun	nor
kondensator	noun	swe	kondensator	noun	nor
kondition	noun	swe	kondisjon	noun	nor
konditor	noun	swe	konditor	noun	nor
konditori	noun	swe	konditori	noun	nor
kondoleans	noun	swe	kondolanse	noun	nor
kondom	noun	swe	kondom	noun	nor
kondor	noun	swe	kondor	noun	nor
konduktor	noun	swe	konduktor	noun	nor
konduktör	noun	swe	konduktør	noun	nor
konfekt	noun	swe	konfekt	noun	nor
konfektion	noun	swe	konfeksjon	noun	nor
konferencier	noun	swe	konferansier	noun	nor
konferens	noun	swe	konferanse	noun	nor
konfession	noun	swe	konfesjon	noun	nor
konfetti	noun	swe	konfetti	noun	nor
konfiguration	noun	swe	konfigurasjon	noun	nor
konfirmand	noun	swe	konfirmant	noun	nor
konfirmation	noun	swe	konfirmasjon	noun	nor
konfiskation	noun	swe	konfiskasjon	noun	nor
konflikt	noun	swe	konflikt	noun	nor
konformism	noun	swe	konformisme	noun	nor
konformitet	noun	swe	konformitet	noun	nor
konfrontation	noun	swe	konfrontasjon	noun	nor
konglomerat	noun	swe	konglomerat	noun	nor
kongregation	noun	swe	kongregasjon	noun	nor
kongress	noun	swe	kongress	noun	nor
kongruens	noun	swe	kongruens	noun	nor
konjak	noun	swe	cognac	noun	nor
konjak	noun	swe	konjakk	noun	nor
konjunktur	noun	swe	konjunktur	noun	nor
konklusion	noun	swe	konklusjon	noun	nor
konkurrens	noun	swe	konkurranse	noun	nor
konkurrent	noun	swe	konkurrent	noun	nor
konkurs	noun	swe	buslit	noun	nor
konkurs	noun	swe	konkurs	noun	nor
konnotation	noun	swe	konnotasjon	noun	nor
konnässör	noun	swe	kjennar	noun	nor
konnässör	noun	swe	kjenner	noun	nor
konnässör	noun	swe	skjønar	noun	nor
konnässör	noun	swe	skjønner	noun	nor
konsekvens	noun	swe	konsekvens	noun	nor
konsensus	noun	swe	konsensus	noun	nor
konsert	noun	swe	konsert	noun	nor
konserv	noun	swe	konserve	noun	nor
konservatism	noun	swe	konservatisme	noun	nor
konservator	noun	swe	konservator	noun	nor
konserveringsmedel	noun	swe	konserveringsmiddel	noun	nor
konsistens	noun	swe	konsistens	noun	nor
konsol	noun	swe	konsoll	noun	nor
konsonans	noun	swe	konsonans	noun	nor
konsonant	noun	swe	konsonant	noun	nor
konsortium	noun	swe	konsortium	noun	nor
konspiration	noun	swe	konspirasjon	noun	nor
konspiratör	noun	swe	konspiratør	noun	nor
konst	noun	swe	kunst	noun	nor
konstant	noun	swe	konstant	noun	nor
konstellation	noun	swe	konstellasjon	noun	nor
konstgrepp	noun	swe	kunstgrep	noun	nor
konsthall	noun	swe	kunstgalleri	noun	nor
konstitution	noun	swe	konstitusjon	noun	nor
konstkritik	noun	swe	kunstkritikk	noun	nor
konstmuseum	noun	swe	kunstmuse	noun	nor
konstmuseum	noun	swe	kunstmuseum	noun	nor
konstnär	noun	swe	artist	noun	nor
konstpaus	noun	swe	kunstpause	noun	nor
konstruktion	noun	swe	konstruksjon	noun	nor
konstruktör	noun	swe	konstruktør	noun	nor
konststycke	noun	swe	kunststykke	noun	nor
konstverk	noun	swe	kunstverk	noun	nor
konsul	noun	swe	konsul	noun	nor
konsulat	noun	swe	konsulat	noun	nor
konsulent	noun	swe	konsulent	noun	nor
konsultation	noun	swe	konsultasjon	noun	nor
konsument	noun	swe	konsument	noun	nor
konsumtion	noun	swe	forbruk	noun	nor
konsumtion	noun	swe	konsum	noun	nor
konsumtionssamhälle	noun	swe	konsumentsamfunn	noun	nor
konsumtionsskatt	noun	swe	forbruksskatt	noun	nor
kontakt	noun	swe	kontakt	noun	nor
kontaktbehov	noun	swe	kontaktbehov	noun	nor
kontaktperson	noun	swe	kontaktperson	noun	nor
kontemplation	noun	swe	kontemplasjon	noun	nor
kontext	noun	swe	kontekst	noun	nor
kontinent	noun	swe	kontinent	noun	nor
kontinentalsockel	noun	swe	kontinentalsokkel	noun	nor
kontingent	noun	swe	kontingent	noun	nor
kontinuitet	noun	swe	kontinuitet	noun	nor
konto	noun	swe	konto	noun	nor
kontokort	noun	swe	kontokort	noun	nor
kontonummer	noun	swe	kontonummer	noun	nor
kontor	noun	swe	kontor	noun	nor
kontorist	noun	swe	kontorist	noun	nor
kontorschef	noun	swe	kontorsjef	noun	nor
kontorsorganisation	noun	swe	kontororganisasjon	noun	nor
kontoutdrag	noun	swe	kontoutdrag	noun	nor
kontraband	noun	swe	kontrabande	noun	nor
kontrabas	noun	swe	kontrabass	noun	nor
kontradiktion	noun	swe	kontradiksjon	noun	nor
kontrakt	noun	swe	kontrakt	noun	nor
kontraktion	noun	swe	kontraksjon	noun	nor
kontrarevolution	noun	swe	kontrarevolusjon	noun	nor
kontrast	noun	swe	kontrast	noun	nor
kontrast	noun	swe	motsetnad	noun	nor
kontrast	noun	swe	motsetning	noun	nor
kontroll	noun	swe	kontroll	noun	nor
kontrollorgan	noun	swe	kontrollorgan	noun	nor
kontrollör	noun	swe	kontrollør	noun	nor
kontrovers	noun	swe	kontrovers	noun	nor
kontur	noun	swe	kontur	noun	nor
konung	noun	swe	kong	noun	nor
konung	noun	swe	konge	noun	nor
drottning	noun	swe	dronning	noun	nor
konvalescent	noun	swe	rekonvalesent	noun	nor
konvektion	noun	swe	konveksjon	noun	nor
konvent	noun	swe	konvent	noun	nor
konvention	noun	swe	konvensjon	noun	nor
konvergens	noun	swe	konvergens	noun	nor
konversation	noun	swe	konversasjon	noun	nor
konverter	noun	swe	konverter	noun	nor
konvertit	noun	swe	konvertitt	noun	nor
konvoj	noun	swe	konvoi	noun	nor
kooperation	noun	swe	kooperasjon	noun	nor
kooperativ	noun	swe	innkjøpslag	noun	nor
kooperativ	noun	swe	kooperativ	noun	nor
koordinat	noun	swe	koordinat	noun	nor
koordination	noun	swe	koordinasjon	noun	nor
koordinator	noun	swe	koordinator	noun	nor
koordinatsystem	noun	swe	koordinatsystem	noun	nor
kopia	noun	swe	kopi	noun	nor
kopist	noun	swe	kopist	noun	nor
kopp	noun	swe	kop	noun	nor
kopp	noun	swe	kopp	noun	nor
koppar	noun	swe	kobber	noun	nor
koppar	noun	swe	kopar	noun	nor
koppar	noun	swe	kopar	noun	nor
koppar	noun	swe	koppar	noun	nor
koppar	noun	swe	kopper	noun	nor
kopparorm	noun	swe	sleve	noun	nor
kopparorm	noun	swe	stålorm	noun	nor
kopparstick	noun	swe	kobberstikk	noun	nor
kopparstick	noun	swe	koparstikk	noun	nor
koppel	noun	swe	koppel	noun	nor
koppling	noun	swe	clutch	noun	nor
koppling	noun	swe	kløtsj	noun	nor
kopra	noun	swe	kopra	noun	nor
kor	noun	swe	kor	noun	nor
koral	noun	swe	koral	noun	nor
koral	noun	swe	korall	noun	nor
korall	noun	swe	koral	noun	nor
korall	noun	swe	korall	noun	nor
korallrev	noun	swe	korallrev	noun	nor
koran	noun	swe	koran	noun	nor
koreograf	noun	swe	koreograf	noun	nor
koreografi	noun	swe	koreografi	noun	nor
korg	noun	swe	kass	noun	nor
korg	noun	swe	korg	noun	nor
korg	noun	swe	kurv	noun	nor
korist	noun	swe	korist	noun	nor
kork	noun	swe	kork	noun	nor
kork	noun	swe	propp	noun	nor
korn	noun	swe	bygg	noun	nor
korn	noun	swe	bygg	noun	nor
korn	noun	swe	korn	noun	nor
korngryn	noun	swe	byggryn	noun	nor
korona	noun	swe	korona	noun	nor
korp	noun	swe	korp	noun	nor
korp	noun	swe	ramn	noun	nor
korp	noun	swe	ravn	noun	nor
korporation	noun	swe	korporasjon	noun	nor
korpral	noun	swe	korporal	noun	nor
korrektion	noun	swe	korreksjon	noun	nor
korrektur	noun	swe	korrektur	noun	nor
korrelation	noun	swe	korrelasjon	noun	nor
korrespondent	noun	swe	korrespondent	noun	nor
korridor	noun	swe	korridor	noun	nor
korridorpolitik	noun	swe	korridorpolitikk	noun	nor
korrosion	noun	swe	korrosjon	noun	nor
korruption	noun	swe	korrupsjon	noun	nor
kors	noun	swe	kross	noun	nor
kors	noun	swe	kors	noun	nor
kors	noun	swe	kryss	noun	nor
kors	noun	swe	plusstegn	noun	nor
kors	noun	swe	plussteikn	noun	nor
korsett	noun	swe	korsett	noun	nor
korsförhör	noun	swe	kryssforhør	noun	nor
korsförhör	noun	swe	kryssforhøyr	noun	nor
korsning	noun	swe	kryss	noun	nor
korsning	noun	swe	kryssing	noun	nor
korsord	noun	swe	kryssord	noun	nor
korståg	noun	swe	korstog	noun	nor
korsväg	noun	swe	korsveg	noun	nor
korsväg	noun	swe	korsvei	noun	nor
kort	noun	swe	kart	noun	nor
kort	noun	swe	kart	noun	nor
kort	noun	swe	kort	noun	nor
kortege	noun	swe	kortesje	noun	nor
kortfilm	noun	swe	kortfilm	noun	nor
korthus	noun	swe	korthus	noun	nor
kortison	noun	swe	kortison	noun	nor
kortlek	noun	swe	kortleik	noun	nor
kortlek	noun	swe	kortlek	noun	nor
kortregister	noun	swe	kartotek	noun	nor
kortspel	noun	swe	kortleik	noun	nor
kortspel	noun	swe	kortlek	noun	nor
kortspel	noun	swe	kortstokk	noun	nor
korv	noun	swe	pølse	noun	nor
korvett	noun	swe	korvett	noun	nor
koryfé	noun	swe	koryfé	noun	nor
kosack	noun	swe	kosakk	noun	nor
kosmetik	noun	swe	kosmetikk	noun	nor
kosmologi	noun	swe	kosmologi	noun	nor
kosmonaut	noun	swe	kosmonaut	noun	nor
kosmopolit	noun	swe	kosmopolitt	noun	nor
kosmos	noun	swe	kosmos	noun	nor
kost	noun	swe	kost	noun	nor
kost	noun	swe	kost	noun	nor
kostnad	noun	swe	kost	noun	nor
kostnad	noun	swe	kost	noun	nor
kostnad	noun	swe	kostnad	noun	nor
kostym	noun	swe	klede	noun	nor
kostym	noun	swe	klær	noun	nor
kostym	noun	swe	plagg	noun	nor
kostym	noun	swe	tøy	noun	nor
kostym	noun	swe	tøying	noun	nor
kostymbal	noun	swe	kostymeball	noun	nor
kota	noun	swe	knokkel	noun	nor
kotlett	noun	swe	karbonade	noun	nor
krabat	noun	swe	krabat	noun	nor
krabba	noun	swe	krabbe	noun	nor
kraft	noun	swe	kraft	noun	nor
kraftfoder	noun	swe	kraftfôr	noun	nor
kraftfält	noun	swe	kraftfelt	noun	nor
kraftkarl	noun	swe	kraftkar	noun	nor
kraftstation	noun	swe	kraftverk	noun	nor
kraftverk	noun	swe	kraftverk	noun	nor
krage	noun	swe	krage	noun	nor
krage	noun	swe	snipp	noun	nor
krake	noun	swe	stakkar	noun	nor
krakel	noun	swe	krangel	noun	nor
kram	noun	swe	klem	noun	nor
krampa	noun	swe	krampe	noun	nor
kran	noun	swe	kran	noun	nor
kran	noun	swe	krane	noun	nor
kranium	noun	swe	kranium	noun	nor
krans	noun	swe	krans	noun	nor
kras	noun	swe	krak	noun	nor
kras	noun	swe	krakk	noun	nor
krasse	noun	swe	karse	noun	nor
krater	noun	swe	krater	noun	nor
kratta	noun	swe	rive	noun	nor
krav	noun	swe	krav	noun	nor
kreation	noun	swe	kreasjon	noun	nor
kreativitet	noun	swe	kreativitet	noun	nor
kreatur	noun	swe	kreatur	noun	nor
kreatur	noun	swe	krøtter	noun	nor
kredit	noun	swe	kredit	noun	nor
kredit	noun	swe	kreditt	noun	nor
kreditkort	noun	swe	kredittkort	noun	nor
kreditor	noun	swe	kreditor	noun	nor
kreol	noun	swe	kreol	noun	nor
krets	noun	swe	krets	noun	nor
krets	noun	swe	krins	noun	nor
krig	noun	swe	krig	noun	nor
krigare	noun	swe	krigar	noun	nor
krigare	noun	swe	kriger	noun	nor
krigsfartyg	noun	swe	krigsfartøy	noun	nor
krigsindustri	noun	swe	krigsindustri	noun	nor
krigskorrespondent	noun	swe	krigskorrespondent	noun	nor
krigsmakt	noun	swe	krigsmakt	noun	nor
krigsmateriel	noun	swe	krigsmateriell	noun	nor
krigsår	noun	swe	krigsår	noun	nor
krill	noun	swe	krill	noun	nor
kriminalitet	noun	swe	kriminalitet	noun	nor
kriminalpolitik	noun	swe	kriminalpolitikk	noun	nor
kriminalroman	noun	swe	kriminalroman	noun	nor
kriminologi	noun	swe	kriminologi	noun	nor
kris	noun	swe	kris	noun	nor
kris	noun	swe	krise	noun	nor
kristall	noun	swe	krystall	noun	nor
kristall	noun	swe	krystall	noun	nor
kristendom	noun	swe	kristendom	noun	nor
kristologi	noun	swe	kristologi	noun	nor
kristtorn	noun	swe	kristtorn	noun	nor
kriterium	noun	swe	kriterium	noun	nor
kritik	noun	swe	kritikk	noun	nor
kritiker	noun	swe	kritikar	noun	nor
kritiker	noun	swe	kritiker	noun	nor
kroat	noun	swe	kroat	noun	nor
krok	noun	swe	krik	noun	nor
krok	noun	swe	krok	noun	nor
kroki	noun	swe	kroki	noun	nor
krokodil	noun	swe	krokodille	noun	nor
krokus	noun	swe	krokus	noun	nor
krom	noun	swe	krom	noun	nor
krona	noun	swe	krone	noun	nor
kronblad	noun	swe	kronblad	noun	nor
kronhjort	noun	swe	kronhjort	noun	nor
kronjuvel	noun	swe	kronjuvel	noun	nor
kronkoloni	noun	swe	kronkoloni	noun	nor
kronologi	noun	swe	kronologi	noun	nor
kronprins	noun	swe	kronprins	noun	nor
kropp	noun	swe	kropp	noun	nor
kroppsarbetare	noun	swe	kroppsarbeid	noun	nor
kroppskultur	noun	swe	kroppskultur	noun	nor
kroppstemperatur	noun	swe	kroppstemperatur	noun	nor
krucifix	noun	swe	krusifiks	noun	nor
krumbukt	noun	swe	krumspring	noun	nor
krus	noun	swe	krus	noun	nor
krydda	noun	swe	krydder	noun	nor
krympling	noun	swe	krøpling	noun	nor
kryp	noun	swe	kravl	noun	nor
kryp	noun	swe	kryp	noun	nor
kryp	noun	swe	kryp	noun	nor
krypta	noun	swe	krypt	noun	nor
kryptogam	noun	swe	kryptogam	noun	nor
kryptografi	noun	swe	kryptografi	noun	nor
kryptologi	noun	swe	kryptologi	noun	nor
krypton	noun	swe	krypton	noun	nor
krysantemum	noun	swe	krysantemum	noun	nor
kryss	noun	swe	kryss	noun	nor
kryss	noun	swe	kryss	noun	nor
kräftdjur	noun	swe	krepsdyr	noun	nor
kräftsvulst	noun	swe	kreftbyll	noun	nor
kräftsvulst	noun	swe	kreftsvulst	noun	nor
kräldjur	noun	swe	krypdyr	noun	nor
kräldjur	noun	swe	reptil	noun	nor
kräm	noun	swe	kompott	noun	nor
kräm	noun	swe	krem	noun	nor
kråksång	noun	swe	grim	noun	nor
krångel	noun	swe	bry	noun	nor
krångel	noun	swe	plunder	noun	nor
krökning	noun	swe	krinkel	noun	nor
krön	noun	swe	topp	noun	nor
krönikör	noun	swe	kronikør	noun	nor
krösus	noun	swe	krøsus	noun	nor
kub	noun	swe	kube	noun	nor
kub	noun	swe	terning	noun	nor
kubik	noun	swe	kubikk	noun	nor
kubikmeter	noun	swe	kubikkmeter	noun	nor
kubism	noun	swe	kubisme	noun	nor
kubist	noun	swe	kubist	noun	nor
kudde	noun	swe	pute	noun	nor
kuddvar	noun	swe	putevar	noun	nor
kugge	noun	swe	tann	noun	nor
kugghjul	noun	swe	tannhjul	noun	nor
kujon	noun	swe	feiging	noun	nor
kujon	noun	swe	kruk	noun	nor
kujon	noun	swe	kujon	noun	nor
kul	noun	swe	gøy	noun	nor
kul	noun	swe	gøy	noun	nor
kula	noun	swe	kule	noun	nor
kuli	noun	swe	kuli	noun	nor
kuling	noun	swe	kuling	noun	nor
kuliss	noun	swe	kulisse	noun	nor
kull	noun	swe	bakke	noun	nor
kull	noun	swe	brett	noun	nor
kull	noun	swe	føde	noun	nor
kull	noun	swe	kneik	noun	nor
kull	noun	swe	kol	noun	nor
kull	noun	swe	koll	noun	nor
kull	noun	swe	kule	noun	nor
kull	noun	swe	kull	noun	nor
kullager	noun	swe	kulelager	noun	nor
kulle	noun	swe	bakke	noun	nor
kulle	noun	swe	brett	noun	nor
kulle	noun	swe	kneik	noun	nor
kulmination	noun	swe	kulminasjon	noun	nor
kult	noun	swe	kult	noun	nor
kult	noun	swe	kultus	noun	nor
kultur	noun	swe	kultur	noun	nor
kulturarv	noun	swe	kulturarv	noun	nor
kulturdebatt	noun	swe	kulturdebatt	noun	nor
kulturfolk	noun	swe	kulturfolk	noun	nor
kulturkollision	noun	swe	kulturkollisjon	noun	nor
kulturmiljö	noun	swe	kulturmiljø	noun	nor
kulturperson	noun	swe	kulturperson	noun	nor
kulturrevolution	noun	swe	kulturrevolusjon	noun	nor
kulturväxt	noun	swe	kulturplante	noun	nor
kulör	noun	swe	kulør	noun	nor
kumpan	noun	swe	kumpan	noun	nor
kund	noun	swe	kunde	noun	nor
kundservice	noun	swe	kundeservice	noun	nor
kundtjänst	noun	swe	kundeservice	noun	nor
kung	noun	swe	konge	noun	nor
kungadöme	noun	swe	kongedøme	noun	nor
kungadöme	noun	swe	kongedømme	noun	nor
kungahus	noun	swe	kongehus	noun	nor
kungarike	noun	swe	kongedøme	noun	nor
kungarike	noun	swe	kongedømme	noun	nor
kungarike	noun	swe	kongerike	noun	nor
kungstanke	noun	swe	kongstanke	noun	nor
kungsörn	noun	swe	kongeørn	noun	nor
kunskap	noun	swe	kunnskap	noun	nor
kupa	noun	swe	kube	noun	nor
kupong	noun	swe	kupong	noun	nor
kuppförsök	noun	swe	kuppforsøk	noun	nor
kupé	noun	swe	kupé	noun	nor
kur	noun	swe	kur	noun	nor
kurator	noun	swe	kurator	noun	nor
kurdiska	noun	swe	kurdisk	noun	nor
kuria	noun	swe	kurie	noun	nor
kuriositet	noun	swe	kuriositet	noun	nor
kurs	noun	swe	kurs	noun	nor
kurs	noun	swe	kurs	noun	nor
kursiv	noun	swe	kursiv	noun	nor
kurtisering	noun	swe	kurtise	noun	nor
kusin	noun	swe	fetter	noun	nor
kusk	noun	swe	kusk	noun	nor
kuskbock	noun	swe	bukk	noun	nor
kuskbock	noun	swe	bukk	noun	nor
kust	noun	swe	kyst	noun	nor
kustklimat	noun	swe	kystklima	noun	nor
kutter	noun	swe	kutter	noun	nor
kuvert	noun	swe	konvolutt	noun	nor
kuvert	noun	swe	kuvert	noun	nor
kvadrant	noun	swe	kvadrant	noun	nor
kvadrat	noun	swe	kvadrat	noun	nor
kvadratkilometer	noun	swe	kvadratkilometer	noun	nor
kvadratmeter	noun	swe	kvadratmeter	noun	nor
kvadratur	noun	swe	kvadratur	noun	nor
kval	noun	swe	egenskap	noun	nor
kval	noun	swe	eigenskap	noun	nor
kval	noun	swe	kval	noun	nor
kvalifikation	noun	swe	kvalifikasjon	noun	nor
kvalitet	noun	swe	egenskap	noun	nor
kvalitet	noun	swe	eigenskap	noun	nor
kvalitet	noun	swe	kvalitet	noun	nor
kvalitetskontroll	noun	swe	kvalitetskontroll	noun	nor
kvalitetskrav	noun	swe	kvalitetskrav	noun	nor
kvalitetsprodukt	noun	swe	kvalitetsprodukt	noun	nor
kvantitet	noun	swe	kvantitet	noun	nor
kvantum	noun	swe	kvantum	noun	nor
kvarn	noun	swe	mølle	noun	nor
kvarnsten	noun	swe	møllestein	noun	nor
kvarskatt	noun	swe	restskatt	noun	nor
kvart	noun	swe	kvart	noun	nor
kvart	noun	swe	kvarter	noun	nor
kvartal	noun	swe	kvartal	noun	nor
kvarter	noun	swe	kvarter	noun	nor
kvartett	noun	swe	kvartett	noun	nor
kvarts	noun	swe	kvarts	noun	nor
kvartsur	noun	swe	kvartsur	noun	nor
kvast	noun	swe	kost	noun	nor
kvast	noun	swe	kvast	noun	nor
kverulant	noun	swe	kverulant	noun	nor
kvicksilver	noun	swe	kvikksølv	noun	nor
kvinna	noun	swe	kvinne	noun	nor
kvinnfolk	noun	swe	kvinnfolk	noun	nor
kvinnfolksgöra	noun	swe	kvinneyrke	noun	nor
kvinns	noun	swe	kvinne	noun	nor
kvintessens	noun	swe	kvintessens	noun	nor
kvintett	noun	swe	kvintett	noun	nor
kvist	noun	swe	grein	noun	nor
kvist	noun	swe	gren	noun	nor
kvist	noun	swe	kvist	noun	nor
kvist	noun	swe	tein	noun	nor
kvitter	noun	swe	kvitter	noun	nor
kvot	noun	swe	kvotient	noun	nor
kväde	noun	swe	kvad	noun	nor
kväljning	noun	swe	kvalme	noun	nor
kväll	noun	swe	aftan	noun	nor
kväll	noun	swe	aften	noun	nor
kväll	noun	swe	kveld	noun	nor
kvällsvard	noun	swe	kveldsmat	noun	nor
kväve	noun	swe	nitrogen	noun	nor
kybernetik	noun	swe	kybernetikk	noun	nor
kyckling	noun	swe	kylling	noun	nor
kyffe	noun	swe	innsmett	noun	nor
kyl	noun	swe	kjøleskap	noun	nor
kyla	noun	swe	kjøld	noun	nor
kyla	noun	swe	kulde	noun	nor
kyldisk	noun	swe	kjøledisk	noun	nor
kylskada	noun	swe	frostskade	noun	nor
kylskåp	noun	swe	kjøleskap	noun	nor
kylvatten	noun	swe	kjølevann	noun	nor
kymriska	noun	swe	kymrisk	noun	nor
kymriska	noun	swe	velsk	noun	nor
kymriska	noun	swe	walisisk	noun	nor
kypare	noun	swe	kelner	noun	nor
kypare	noun	swe	tenar	noun	nor
server	noun	swe	server	noun	nor
kypare	noun	swe	tjener	noun	nor
kyrka	noun	swe	kirke	noun	nor
kyrka	noun	swe	kyrkje	noun	nor
kyrkogård	noun	swe	kirkegård	noun	nor
kyrkogård	noun	swe	kyrkjegard	noun	nor
kyrkoherde	noun	swe	sogneprest	noun	nor
kyrkoherde	noun	swe	sokneprest	noun	nor
kyrkoskatt	noun	swe	kyrkjeskatt	noun	nor
kyrkoskatt	noun	swe	kirkeskatt	noun	nor
kyrksocken	noun	swe	kirkesokn	noun	nor
kyrksocken	noun	swe	kirkesokn	noun	nor
kyrksocken	noun	swe	kyrkjesokn	noun	nor
kyrktorn	noun	swe	kirketårn	noun	nor
kyrktorn	noun	swe	kyrkjetårn	noun	nor
kyss	noun	swe	kyss	noun	nor
kyss	noun	swe	kyss	noun	nor
käft	noun	swe	kjeve	noun	nor
kälkbacke	noun	swe	akebakke	noun	nor
källa	noun	swe	kilde	noun	nor
källa	noun	swe	kjelde	noun	nor
källare	noun	swe	kjellar	noun	nor
källare	noun	swe	kjeller	noun	nor
kämpe	noun	swe	kjempe	noun	nor
kändis	noun	swe	celebritet	noun	nor
kändis	noun	swe	kjendis	noun	nor
känguru	noun	swe	kenguru	noun	nor
kännare	noun	swe	kjennar	noun	nor
kännare	noun	swe	kjenner	noun	nor
kännedom	noun	swe	kjennskap	noun	nor
kännedom	noun	swe	kjennskap	noun	nor
kännemärke	noun	swe	kjennemerke	noun	nor
kännetecken	noun	swe	kjennemerke	noun	nor
kännetecken	noun	swe	kjennetegn	noun	nor
kännetecken	noun	swe	kjenneteikn	noun	nor
känselspröt	noun	swe	følehorn	noun	nor
känsla	noun	swe	anelse	noun	nor
känsla	noun	swe	aning	noun	nor
känsla	noun	swe	fornemmelse	noun	nor
känsla	noun	swe	følelse	noun	nor
känsla	noun	swe	kjensle	noun	nor
käpp	noun	swe	kjepp	noun	nor
kärlek	noun	swe	elsk	noun	nor
kärlek	noun	swe	kjærleik	noun	nor
kärlek	noun	swe	kjærlighet	noun	nor
kärlek	noun	swe	åst	noun	nor
kärna	noun	swe	dall	noun	nor
kärna	noun	swe	kjerne	noun	nor
kärnenergi	noun	swe	atomenergi	noun	nor
kärnenergi	noun	swe	kjerneenergi	noun	nor
kärnfamilj	noun	swe	kjernefamilie	noun	nor
kärnfråga	noun	swe	sentral	noun	nor
kärnfysik	noun	swe	kjernefysikk	noun	nor
kärnkraft	noun	swe	atomenergi	noun	nor
kärnkraft	noun	swe	kjernekraft	noun	nor
kärnkraftverk	noun	swe	atomkraftverk	noun	nor
kärnreaktion	noun	swe	kjernereaksjon	noun	nor
kärnreaktor	noun	swe	kjernereaktor	noun	nor
kärnvapen	noun	swe	kjernevåpen	noun	nor
kärnvapenkrig	noun	swe	atomkrig	noun	nor
kärr	noun	swe	marsk	noun	nor
kärra	noun	swe	kjerre	noun	nor
kätte	noun	swe	bås	noun	nor
kätting	noun	swe	kjede	noun	nor
kätting	noun	swe	kjetting	noun	nor
käx	noun	swe	kjeks	noun	nor
kåda	noun	swe	harpiks	noun	nor
kål	noun	swe	kål	noun	nor
kållapp	noun	swe	deis	noun	nor
kålrabbi	noun	swe	kålrabi	noun	nor
kår	noun	swe	korps	noun	nor
kårhus	noun	swe	kårhus	noun	nor
kåsa	noun	swe	krus	noun	nor
kö	noun	swe	kø	noun	nor
kök	noun	swe	kjøkken	noun	nor
köksbord	noun	swe	kjøkkenbord	noun	nor
kökssoffa	noun	swe	slagbenk	noun	nor
köksträdgård	noun	swe	kjøkkenhage	noun	nor
köl	noun	swe	kjøl	noun	nor
köld	noun	swe	kalde	noun	nor
köld	noun	swe	kulde	noun	nor
köldskada	noun	swe	frostskade	noun	nor
kön	noun	swe	kjønn	noun	nor
könshormon	noun	swe	kjønnshormon	noun	nor
könsorgan	noun	swe	kjønnsorgan	noun	nor
könssjukdom	noun	swe	kjønnssjukdom	noun	nor
könssjukdom	noun	swe	kjønnssykdom	noun	nor
könsvarelse	noun	swe	kjønnsvesen	noun	nor
köp	noun	swe	innkjøp	noun	nor
köp	noun	swe	kjøp	noun	nor
köpare	noun	swe	kjøpar	noun	nor
köpare	noun	swe	kjøper	noun	nor
köpebrev	noun	swe	skjøte	noun	nor
köpebrev	noun	swe	skøyte	noun	nor
köping	noun	swe	kjøpstad	noun	nor
köpman	noun	swe	kjøpmann	noun	nor
köpstad	noun	swe	kjøpstad	noun	nor
kör	noun	swe	kjører	noun	nor
kör	noun	swe	kor	noun	nor
kör	noun	swe	køyrar	noun	nor
körfält	noun	swe	kjørefelt	noun	nor
körfält	noun	swe	køyrefelt	noun	nor
körkort	noun	swe	førarkort	noun	nor
körkort	noun	swe	førerkort	noun	nor
körning	noun	swe	kjøring	noun	nor
körning	noun	swe	kjørsel	noun	nor
körning	noun	swe	køyring	noun	nor
körning	noun	swe	køyrsle	noun	nor
körsbär	noun	swe	kirsebær	noun	nor
körsel	noun	swe	kjørsel	noun	nor
körsel	noun	swe	køyrsle	noun	nor
körtel	noun	swe	kjertel	noun	nor
kött	noun	swe	kjøtt	noun	nor
kött	noun	swe	kjøtt	noun	nor
köttben	noun	swe	kjøttbein	noun	nor
köttfärs	noun	swe	farse	noun	nor
köttfärs	noun	swe	kjøttfarse	noun	nor
köttsår	noun	swe	kjøttsår	noun	nor
lab	noun	swe	lab	noun	nor
lab	noun	swe	labb	noun	nor
lab	noun	swe	ram	noun	nor
labb	noun	swe	labb	noun	nor
labb	noun	swe	laboratorium	noun	nor
labb	noun	swe	labb	noun	nor
laborant	noun	swe	laborant	noun	nor
laboratorium	noun	swe	laboratorium	noun	nor
labrador	noun	swe	labrador	noun	nor
labyrint	noun	swe	labyrint	noun	nor
lack	noun	swe	lakk	noun	nor
lacksko	noun	swe	lakksko	noun	nor
laddning	noun	swe	ladning	noun	nor
ladugård	noun	swe	låve	noun	nor
lady	noun	swe	lady	noun	nor
lady	noun	swe	lady	noun	nor
lag	noun	swe	lag	noun	nor
lag	noun	swe	lake	noun	nor
lag	noun	swe	lov	noun	nor
lager	noun	swe	lager	noun	nor
lager	noun	swe	sjikt	noun	nor
lager	noun	swe	laurbær	noun	nor
lagerkrans	noun	swe	laurbærkrans	noun	nor
lagförslag	noun	swe	lovforslag	noun	nor
lagkamrat	noun	swe	lagkamerat	noun	nor
lagkapten	noun	swe	lagkaptein	noun	nor
lakan	noun	swe	laken	noun	nor
lakanspåse	noun	swe	lakenpose	noun	nor
lakej	noun	swe	lakei	noun	nor
laktation	noun	swe	laktasjon	noun	nor
laktos	noun	swe	laktose	noun	nor
lama	noun	swe	lama	noun	nor
lama	noun	swe	lama	noun	nor
laminat	noun	swe	laminat	noun	nor
lamm	noun	swe	lam	noun	nor
lampa	noun	swe	lampe	noun	nor
lampett	noun	swe	lampett	noun	nor
lampolja	noun	swe	lampeolje	noun	nor
lampskärm	noun	swe	lampeskjerm	noun	nor
land	noun	swe	land	noun	nor
landkrabba	noun	swe	landkrabbe	noun	nor
landning	noun	swe	landing	noun	nor
landområde	noun	swe	landområde	noun	nor
landsbygd	noun	swe	land	noun	nor
landsdel	noun	swe	landsdel	noun	nor
landsfader	noun	swe	landsfader	noun	nor
landsförräderi	noun	swe	landssvik	noun	nor
landshövding	noun	swe	landshøvding	noun	nor
landskamp	noun	swe	landskamp	noun	nor
landskap	noun	swe	landskap	noun	nor
landslag	noun	swe	landslag	noun	nor
landsmål	noun	swe	landsmål	noun	nor
landsnummer	noun	swe	landsnummer	noun	nor
landsort	noun	swe	provinsby	noun	nor
landsting	noun	swe	fylkesting	noun	nor
landsväg	noun	swe	landeveg	noun	nor
landsväg	noun	swe	landevei	noun	nor
landsväg	noun	swe	riksveg	noun	nor
landsväg	noun	swe	riksvei	noun	nor
landvinning	noun	swe	nyvinning	noun	nor
lans	noun	swe	lanse	noun	nor
lansett	noun	swe	lansett	noun	nor
lantbruk	noun	swe	gardsbruk	noun	nor
lantbruk	noun	swe	landbruk	noun	nor
lantbrukare	noun	swe	bonde	noun	nor
lantgård	noun	swe	bondegard	noun	nor
lantgård	noun	swe	gard	noun	nor
lantgård	noun	swe	gård	noun	nor
lantställe	noun	swe	landstad	noun	nor
lantställe	noun	swe	landsted	noun	nor
lapp	noun	swe	lapp	noun	nor
lappverk	noun	swe	lappverk	noun	nor
larm	noun	swe	alarm	noun	nor
larv	noun	swe	larve	noun	nor
lasarett	noun	swe	hospital	noun	nor
lasarett	noun	swe	lasarett	noun	nor
lasarett	noun	swe	sjukehus	noun	nor
lasarett	noun	swe	sykehus	noun	nor
laser	noun	swe	laser	noun	nor
lass	noun	swe	lass	noun	nor
last	noun	swe	last	noun	nor
lastbil	noun	swe	lastebil	noun	nor
lasting	noun	swe	lasting	noun	nor
lastning	noun	swe	lasting	noun	nor
lastpall	noun	swe	pall	noun	nor
lateral	noun	swe	lateral	noun	nor
latex	noun	swe	lateks	noun	nor
latin	noun	swe	latin	noun	nor
latin	noun	swe	latin	noun	nor
latinare	noun	swe	latin	noun	nor
latinare	noun	swe	latin	noun	nor
latitud	noun	swe	breddegrad	noun	nor
latitud	noun	swe	breiddegrad	noun	nor
latitud	noun	swe	latitude	noun	nor
latrin	noun	swe	latrine	noun	nor
latta	noun	swe	liste	noun	nor
lav	noun	swe	laug	noun	nor
lav	noun	swe	lav	noun	nor
lav	noun	swe	lav	noun	nor
lava	noun	swe	lava	noun	nor
lavendel	noun	swe	lavendel	noun	nor
lavin	noun	swe	lavine	noun	nor
lavinhund	noun	swe	lavinehund	noun	nor
lavoar	noun	swe	servant	noun	nor
lax	noun	swe	laks	noun	nor
laxfisk	noun	swe	laksefisk	noun	nor
layout	noun	swe	layout	noun	nor
lebeman	noun	swe	levemann	noun	nor
led	noun	swe	geledd	noun	nor
led	noun	swe	led	noun	nor
led	noun	swe	led	noun	nor
led	noun	swe	ledd	noun	nor
led	noun	swe	lei	noun	nor
leda	noun	swe	lede	noun	nor
medlem	noun	swe	medlem	noun	nor
medlem	noun	swe	medlem	noun	nor
ledamot	noun	swe	medlem	noun	nor
ledamot	noun	swe	medlem	noun	nor
ledamot	noun	swe	representant	noun	nor
ledare	noun	swe	leder	noun	nor
ledare	noun	swe	leiar	noun	nor
ledarskap	noun	swe	ledelse	noun	nor
ledd	noun	swe	led	noun	nor
ledd	noun	swe	led	noun	nor
ledd	noun	swe	ledd	noun	nor
ledd	noun	swe	lei	noun	nor
leddjur	noun	swe	leddyr	noun	nor
ledighet	noun	swe	hvile	noun	nor
ledighet	noun	swe	kvile	noun	nor
ledkapsel	noun	swe	leddkapsel	noun	nor
ledkapsel	noun	swe	ledkapsel	noun	nor
ledning	noun	swe	ledelse	noun	nor
ledning	noun	swe	leiing	noun	nor
leende	noun	swe	smil	noun	nor
legalitet	noun	swe	legalitet	noun	nor
legat	noun	swe	legat	noun	nor
legat	noun	swe	legat	noun	nor
legation	noun	swe	legasjon	noun	nor
legend	noun	swe	legende	noun	nor
legend	noun	swe	legende	noun	nor
legion	noun	swe	legion	noun	nor
legionär	noun	swe	legionær	noun	nor
legitimation	noun	swe	legitimasjon	noun	nor
legitimitet	noun	swe	legitimitet	noun	nor
lejon	noun	swe	løve	noun	nor
lek	noun	swe	leik	noun	nor
lek	noun	swe	lek	noun	nor
lekplats	noun	swe	leikeplass	noun	nor
lekplats	noun	swe	lekeplass	noun	nor
leksak	noun	swe	leikety	noun	nor
leksak	noun	swe	leiketøy	noun	nor
leksak	noun	swe	leketøy	noun	nor
lektion	noun	swe	leksjon	noun	nor
lektor	noun	swe	lektor	noun	nor
lektorat	noun	swe	lektorat	noun	nor
lem	noun	swe	lem	noun	nor
lem	noun	swe	lem	noun	nor
leninism	noun	swe	leninisme	noun	nor
leopard	noun	swe	leopard	noun	nor
lera	noun	swe	leir	noun	nor
lera	noun	swe	leir	noun	nor
lera	noun	swe	leire	noun	nor
lett	noun	swe	lett	noun	nor
lett	noun	swe	lette	noun	nor
leukemi	noun	swe	leukemi	noun	nor
lever	noun	swe	lever	noun	nor
leverans	noun	swe	leveranse	noun	nor
leverantör	noun	swe	leverandør	noun	nor
leverop	noun	swe	hurrarop	noun	nor
leverpastej	noun	swe	leverpostei	noun	nor
levnadsmönster	noun	swe	livsmønster	noun	nor
levnadsregel	noun	swe	leveregel	noun	nor
levnadsregel	noun	swe	maksime	noun	nor
levnadsstandard	noun	swe	levestandard	noun	nor
levnadsår	noun	swe	leveår	noun	nor
lexikon	noun	swe	leksikon	noun	nor
lian	noun	swe	lian	noun	nor
liberalism	noun	swe	liberalisme	noun	nor
libero	noun	swe	libero	noun	nor
libretto	noun	swe	libretto	noun	nor
licens	noun	swe	lisens	noun	nor
lid	noun	swe	lit	noun	nor
lie	noun	swe	ljå	noun	nor
lift	noun	swe	haik	noun	nor
lift	noun	swe	lift	noun	nor
lift	noun	swe	skyss	noun	nor
liga	noun	swe	liga	noun	nor
liggplats	noun	swe	leie	noun	nor
liggplats	noun	swe	læger	noun	nor
liggplats	noun	swe	lægje	noun	nor
lik	noun	swe	lik	noun	nor
lik	noun	swe	nåe	noun	nor
like	noun	swe	like	noun	nor
likhet	noun	swe	likhet	noun	nor
likhet	noun	swe	likskap	noun	nor
likvid	noun	swe	likvid	noun	nor
likvidation	noun	swe	likvidasjon	noun	nor
likvidering	noun	swe	likvidasjon	noun	nor
likviditet	noun	swe	likviditet	noun	nor
likör	noun	swe	likør	noun	nor
lim	noun	swe	lim	noun	nor
lime	noun	swe	lime	noun	nor
limousine	noun	swe	limousin	noun	nor
lin	noun	swe	lin	noun	nor
lina	noun	swe	line	noun	nor
lind	noun	swe	lind	noun	nor
linda	noun	swe	bind	noun	nor
lingon	noun	swe	tytebær	noun	nor
lingon	noun	swe	tyting	noun	nor
lingon	noun	swe	tyttebær	noun	nor
lingvist	noun	swe	lingvist	noun	nor
lingvistik	noun	swe	lingvistikk	noun	nor
linjal	noun	swe	linjal	noun	nor
linje	noun	swe	linje	noun	nor
linnea	noun	swe	linnea	noun	nor
linoleum	noun	swe	linoleum	noun	nor
linolja	noun	swe	linolje	noun	nor
lipid	noun	swe	lipid	noun	nor
lire	noun	swe	lire	noun	nor
list	noun	swe	list	noun	nor
lista	noun	swe	liste	noun	nor
listverk	noun	swe	liste	noun	nor
listverk	noun	swe	listverk	noun	nor
litauiska	noun	swe	litauisk	noun	nor
liter	noun	swe	liter	noun	nor
litermått	noun	swe	litermål	noun	nor
litium	noun	swe	litium	noun	nor
litografi	noun	swe	litografi	noun	nor
litografi	noun	swe	litografi	noun	nor
litteratur	noun	swe	litteratur	noun	nor
litteraturkritik	noun	swe	litteraturkritikk	noun	nor
litteratör	noun	swe	litterat	noun	nor
liturgi	noun	swe	liturgi	noun	nor
liv	noun	swe	liv	noun	nor
livbåt	noun	swe	livbåt	noun	nor
livmoderhals	noun	swe	livmorhals	noun	nor
livscykel	noun	swe	livssyklus	noun	nor
livsföring	noun	swe	livsførsel	noun	nor
livslängd	noun	swe	levealder	noun	nor
livsmedel	noun	swe	næringsmiddel	noun	nor
livssituation	noun	swe	livssituasjon	noun	nor
livsstil	noun	swe	livsstil	noun	nor
livsverk	noun	swe	livsverk	noun	nor
livsvillkor	noun	swe	levevilkår	noun	nor
livsvillkor	noun	swe	livsvilkår	noun	nor
ljud	noun	swe	ljod	noun	nor
ljud	noun	swe	lyd	noun	nor
ljudfilm	noun	swe	lydfilm	noun	nor
ljudstyrka	noun	swe	lydstyrke	noun	nor
ljumskbråck	noun	swe	lyskebrokk	noun	nor
ljumskbråck	noun	swe	lyskebrokk	noun	nor
ljung	noun	swe	lyng	noun	nor
ljung	noun	swe	lyng	noun	nor
ljung	noun	swe	røsslyng	noun	nor
ljung	noun	swe	røsslyng	noun	nor
ljus	noun	swe	ljos	noun	nor
ljus	noun	swe	lys	noun	nor
ljus	noun	swe	lyse	noun	nor
ljus	noun	swe	lyse	noun	nor
ljuspunkt	noun	swe	lyspunkt	noun	nor
ljusstyrka	noun	swe	lysstyrke	noun	nor
ljusår	noun	swe	lysår	noun	nor
lob	noun	swe	lobb	noun	nor
lobby	noun	swe	lobby	noun	nor
lobotomi	noun	swe	lobotomi	noun	nor
lock	noun	swe	lok	noun	nor
lock	noun	swe	lokk	noun	nor
lock	noun	swe	lokk	noun	nor
lockout	noun	swe	lockout	noun	nor
lodda	noun	swe	lodde	noun	nor
loden	noun	swe	loden	noun	nor
lodjur	noun	swe	gaupe	noun	nor
lodjur	noun	swe	los	noun	nor
lodjur	noun	swe	lós	noun	nor
loft	noun	swe	loft	noun	nor
loft	noun	swe	tak	noun	nor
loge	noun	swe	løe	noun	nor
logg	noun	swe	log	noun	nor
loggbok	noun	swe	journal	noun	nor
loggia	noun	swe	loggia	noun	nor
logi	noun	swe	husvære	noun	nor
logi	noun	swe	losji	noun	nor
logik	noun	swe	logikk	noun	nor
logistik	noun	swe	logistikk	noun	nor
lokal	noun	swe	lokal	noun	nor
lokalitet	noun	swe	lokalitet	noun	nor
lokalkontor	noun	swe	lokalkontor	noun	nor
lokalpatriot	noun	swe	lokalpatriot	noun	nor
lokalsamhälle	noun	swe	lokalsamfunn	noun	nor
lokaltrafik	noun	swe	lokaltrafikk	noun	nor
lokaltåg	noun	swe	lokaltog	noun	nor
lokförare	noun	swe	lokførar	noun	nor
lokförare	noun	swe	lokfører	noun	nor
lokförare	noun	swe	lokomotivførar	noun	nor
lokförare	noun	swe	lokomotivfører	noun	nor
lokomotiv	noun	swe	lok	noun	nor
lokomotiv	noun	swe	lokomotiv	noun	nor
lom	noun	swe	lom	noun	nor
loop	noun	swe	loop	noun	nor
lopp	noun	swe	lopp	noun	nor
lopp	noun	swe	løp	noun	nor
lord	noun	swe	lord	noun	nor
lort	noun	swe	bæsj	noun	nor
lort	noun	swe	lort	noun	nor
lotteri	noun	swe	lotteri	noun	nor
lotus	noun	swe	lotus	noun	nor
lov	noun	swe	ferie	noun	nor
lov	noun	swe	lov	noun	nor
love	noun	swe	love	noun	nor
love	noun	swe	lóve	noun	nor
lovord	noun	swe	lovord	noun	nor
lovsång	noun	swe	lovkvad	noun	nor
luft	noun	swe	luft	noun	nor
luftballong	noun	swe	luftballong	noun	nor
luftdrag	noun	swe	luftdrag	noun	nor
luftfart	noun	swe	luftfart	noun	nor
luftfilter	noun	swe	luftfilter	noun	nor
luftförorening	noun	swe	luftforureining	noun	nor
luftförorening	noun	swe	luftforurensning	noun	nor
luftgevär	noun	swe	luftgevær	noun	nor
lufthav	noun	swe	atmosfære	noun	nor
luftmassa	noun	swe	luftmasse	noun	nor
luftpistol	noun	swe	luftpistol	noun	nor
luftpost	noun	swe	luftpost	noun	nor
luftrum	noun	swe	luftrom	noun	nor
luftslott	noun	swe	luftslott	noun	nor
luftström	noun	swe	luftstraum	noun	nor
luftström	noun	swe	luftstrøm	noun	nor
lufttryck	noun	swe	lufttrykk	noun	nor
luftvärn	noun	swe	luftvern	noun	nor
lugg	noun	swe	pannelugg	noun	nor
lugn	noun	swe	ro	noun	nor
lukt	noun	swe	lukt	noun	nor
luktsinne	noun	swe	luktesans	noun	nor
lunch	noun	swe	frokost	noun	nor
lunch	noun	swe	lunch	noun	nor
lunch	noun	swe	lunsj	noun	nor
lunchrast	noun	swe	lunsjpause	noun	nor
lund	noun	swe	lund	noun	nor
lunga	noun	swe	lunge	noun	nor
lunk	noun	swe	dilt	noun	nor
luns	noun	swe	jafs	noun	nor
luns	noun	swe	stykke	noun	nor
lupin	noun	swe	lupin	noun	nor
lur	noun	swe	rør	noun	nor
lur	noun	swe	røyr	noun	nor
lur	noun	swe	røyr	noun	nor
lurendrejare	noun	swe	lurendreier	noun	nor
lurendrejare	noun	swe	luring	noun	nor
lurendrejeri	noun	swe	lurendreieri	noun	nor
lurifax	noun	swe	lurifaks	noun	nor
lus	noun	swe	lus	noun	nor
lust	noun	swe	lyst	noun	nor
lusthus	noun	swe	lysthus	noun	nor
lustmord	noun	swe	lystmord	noun	nor
lustslott	noun	swe	lystslott	noun	nor
lut	noun	swe	lut	noun	nor
lut	noun	swe	lutt	noun	nor
luta	noun	swe	lut	noun	nor
luta	noun	swe	lutt	noun	nor
lutherdom	noun	swe	lutherdom	noun	nor
luv	noun	swe	lo	noun	nor
luv	noun	swe	lo	noun	nor
luv	noun	swe	luv	noun	nor
lux	noun	swe	lux	noun	nor
lycka	noun	swe	flaks	noun	nor
lycka	noun	swe	flaks	noun	nor
lycka	noun	swe	hell	noun	nor
lycka	noun	swe	lykke	noun	nor
lycka	noun	swe	lykke	noun	nor
lyckohjul	noun	swe	lykkehjul	noun	nor
lyckohjul	noun	swe	lykkehjul	noun	nor
lycksökare	noun	swe	lykkejeger	noun	nor
lycksökare	noun	swe	lykkejeger	noun	nor
lyckönskan	noun	swe	gratulasjon	noun	nor
lydelse	noun	swe	ordlyd	noun	nor
lyft	noun	swe	løft	noun	nor
lymfkörtel	noun	swe	lymfekjertel	noun	nor
lymmel	noun	swe	lømmel	noun	nor
lynne	noun	swe	lune	noun	nor
lynne	noun	swe	lynne	noun	nor
lyrik	noun	swe	lyrikk	noun	nor
lyriker	noun	swe	lyrikar	noun	nor
lyriker	noun	swe	lyriker	noun	nor
lyse	noun	swe	livd	noun	nor
lyse	noun	swe	live	noun	nor
lyse	noun	swe	ly	noun	nor
lysning	noun	swe	lysing	noun	nor
lysning	noun	swe	lysning	noun	nor
lyssnare	noun	swe	lydar	noun	nor
lyssnare	noun	swe	lyttar	noun	nor
lyssnare	noun	swe	lytter	noun	nor
lyte	noun	swe	lyte	noun	nor
lyx	noun	swe	luksus	noun	nor
lyxartikel	noun	swe	luksusartikkel	noun	nor
läcka	noun	swe	lekkasje	noun	nor
läckerbit	noun	swe	lekkerbisken	noun	nor
läckerhet	noun	swe	lekkerbisken	noun	nor
läge	noun	swe	beliggenhet	noun	nor
läge	noun	swe	plassering	noun	nor
läge	noun	swe	situasjon	noun	nor
lägenhet	noun	swe	høve	noun	nor
lägenhet	noun	swe	leilegheit	noun	nor
lägenhet	noun	swe	leilighet	noun	nor
läger	noun	swe	leir	noun	nor
läger	noun	swe	leir	noun	nor
lägerbål	noun	swe	leirbål	noun	nor
lägereld	noun	swe	leirbål	noun	nor
lägerskola	noun	swe	leirskole	noun	nor
lägg	noun	swe	lik	noun	nor
lägg	noun	swe	nåe	noun	nor
läggning	noun	swe	anlegg	noun	nor
läggning	noun	swe	legning	noun	nor
läkare	noun	swe	lege	noun	nor
läkare	noun	swe	leke	noun	nor
läkare	noun	swe	lækjar	noun	nor
läkemedel	noun	swe	legemiddel	noun	nor
läkemedel	noun	swe	lækjemiddel	noun	nor
läkemedel	noun	swe	medikament	noun	nor
läkemedel	noun	swe	medisin	noun	nor
läktare	noun	swe	plattform	noun	nor
lämmel	noun	swe	lemen	noun	nor
län	noun	swe	amt	noun	nor
län	noun	swe	fylke	noun	nor
län	noun	swe	len	noun	nor
ländkläde	noun	swe	lendeklede	noun	nor
längd	noun	swe	lengde	noun	nor
längd	noun	swe	lengde	noun	nor
längdhopp	noun	swe	lengdehopp	noun	nor
längdlöpning	noun	swe	langrenn	noun	nor
längdmått	noun	swe	lengdemål	noun	nor
längdåkning	noun	swe	langrenn	noun	nor
längtan	noun	swe	lengsel	noun	nor
längtan	noun	swe	lengsle	noun	nor
längtan	noun	swe	lengt	noun	nor
länk	noun	swe	lekkje	noun	nor
länk	noun	swe	lenke	noun	nor
länk	noun	swe	lenkje	noun	nor
länk	noun	swe	link	noun	nor
läns	noun	swe	lens	noun	nor
länsväg	noun	swe	fylkesveg	noun	nor
länsväg	noun	swe	fylkesvei	noun	nor
länsväsen	noun	swe	føydalisme	noun	nor
läpp	noun	swe	lepe	noun	nor
läppstift	noun	swe	leppestift	noun	nor
lära	noun	swe	lære	noun	nor
lära	noun	swe	lære	noun	nor
lärare	noun	swe	lærar	noun	nor
lärare	noun	swe	lærer	noun	nor
lärdom	noun	swe	lærdom	noun	nor
lärjunge	noun	swe	elev	noun	nor
lärk	noun	swe	lerk	noun	nor
lärling	noun	swe	lærling	noun	nor
läromedel	noun	swe	læremiddel	noun	nor
läroplan	noun	swe	læreplan	noun	nor
läroår	noun	swe	læreår	noun	nor
läsare	noun	swe	lesar	noun	nor
läsare	noun	swe	leser	noun	nor
läsart	noun	swe	lesemåte	noun	nor
läsecirkel	noun	swe	lesesirkel	noun	nor
läsesal	noun	swe	lesesal	noun	nor
läsion	noun	swe	lesjon	noun	nor
läsk	noun	swe	brus	noun	nor
läsning	noun	swe	lesing	noun	nor
läsning	noun	swe	lesning	noun	nor
föreläsning	noun	swe	forelesing	noun	nor
föreläsning	noun	swe	forelesning	noun	nor
läst	noun	swe	lest	noun	nor
läsår	noun	swe	skoleår	noun	nor
läsår	noun	swe	skuleår	noun	nor
lättbetong	noun	swe	lettbetong	noun	nor
låda	noun	swe	kasse	noun	nor
låda	noun	swe	skuff	noun	nor
låga	noun	swe	flamme	noun	nor
låga	noun	swe	flamme	noun	nor
lågadel	noun	swe	lågadel	noun	nor
lån	noun	swe	lån	noun	nor
låneansökan	noun	swe	lånesøknad	noun	nor
lånegaranti	noun	swe	lånegaranti	noun	nor
långa	noun	swe	lange	noun	nor
långbord	noun	swe	langbord	noun	nor
långfilm	noun	swe	langfilm	noun	nor
långfredag	noun	swe	langfredag	noun	nor
långfärd	noun	swe	langfart	noun	nor
långskepp	noun	swe	langskip	noun	nor
långtur	noun	swe	langtur	noun	nor
lånord	noun	swe	importord	noun	nor
lånord	noun	swe	låneord	noun	nor
lånord	noun	swe	lånord	noun	nor
lår	noun	swe	lår	noun	nor
lår	noun	swe	lår	noun	nor
lårben	noun	swe	lårbein	noun	nor
lårmuskel	noun	swe	lårmuskel	noun	nor
lås	noun	swe	lås	noun	nor
lås	noun	swe	lås	noun	nor
låssmed	noun	swe	låsesmed	noun	nor
låsvred	noun	swe	dørhandtak	noun	nor
låsvred	noun	swe	dørhåndtak	noun	nor
låt	noun	swe	låt	noun	nor
låt	noun	swe	låt	noun	nor
löfte	noun	swe	lovnad	noun	nor
löfte	noun	swe	løfte	noun	nor
lögn	noun	swe	løgn	noun	nor
lögndetektor	noun	swe	løgndetektor	noun	nor
lögnhals	noun	swe	løgnhals	noun	nor
löjtnant	noun	swe	løytnant	noun	nor
lök	noun	swe	lauk	noun	nor
lök	noun	swe	løk	noun	nor
lön	noun	swe	lønn	noun	nor
lön	noun	swe	lønn	noun	nor
löneförhandling	noun	swe	tariffoppgjer	noun	nor
löneförhandling	noun	swe	tariffoppgjør	noun	nor
löneförhöjning	noun	swe	lønnspålegg	noun	nor
löneförmån	noun	swe	frynsegode	noun	nor
lönegrad	noun	swe	lønnsklasse	noun	nor
lönehöjning	noun	swe	lønnspålegg	noun	nor
lönekuvert	noun	swe	lønningspose	noun	nor
löneläge	noun	swe	lønnsnivå	noun	nor
lönn	noun	swe	lønn	noun	nor
lönnmord	noun	swe	snikmord	noun	nor
lönsamhet	noun	swe	lønnsomhet	noun	nor
lönsamhet	noun	swe	lønnsemd	noun	nor
löpa	noun	swe	far	noun	nor
löpa	noun	swe	spor	noun	nor
löpare	noun	swe	laupar	noun	nor
löpare	noun	swe	løpar	noun	nor
löpare	noun	swe	løper	noun	nor
löpning	noun	swe	løp	noun	nor
lördag	noun	swe	laurdag	noun	nor
lördag	noun	swe	lørdag	noun	nor
lösenord	noun	swe	kodeord	noun	nor
lösenord	noun	swe	passord	noun	nor
lösning	noun	swe	løsning	noun	nor
lösning	noun	swe	løysing	noun	nor
löv	noun	swe	lauv	noun	nor
löv	noun	swe	løv	noun	nor
lövfällning	noun	swe	lauvfall	noun	nor
lövfällning	noun	swe	løvfall	noun	nor
lövskog	noun	swe	lauvskog	noun	nor
lövskog	noun	swe	løvskog	noun	nor
lövträd	noun	swe	lauvtre	noun	nor
lövträd	noun	swe	løvtre	noun	nor
machete	noun	swe	machete	noun	nor
mack	noun	swe	bensinstasjon	noun	nor
mack	noun	swe	tank	noun	nor
mackel	noun	swe	bry	noun	nor
mackel	noun	swe	plunder	noun	nor
mad	noun	swe	mat	noun	nor
madeira	noun	swe	madeira	noun	nor
madrass	noun	swe	madras	noun	nor
madrass	noun	swe	madrass	noun	nor
madrigal	noun	swe	madrigal	noun	nor
maffia	noun	swe	mafia	noun	nor
magasin	noun	swe	lager	noun	nor
magasin	noun	swe	magasin	noun	nor
mage	noun	swe	mage	noun	nor
magi	noun	swe	magi	noun	nor
magister	noun	swe	magister	noun	nor
magistrat	noun	swe	magistrat	noun	nor
magma	noun	swe	magma	noun	nor
magma	noun	swe	magma	noun	nor
magnat	noun	swe	magnat	noun	nor
magnesium	noun	swe	magnesium	noun	nor
magnesium	noun	swe	magnesium	noun	nor
magnesium	noun	swe	magnesium	noun	nor
magnet	noun	swe	magnet	noun	nor
magnetband	noun	swe	magnetband	noun	nor
magnetfält	noun	swe	magnetfelt	noun	nor
magnetpol	noun	swe	magnetpol	noun	nor
magnolia	noun	swe	magnolia	noun	nor
magsäck	noun	swe	mage	noun	nor
magsår	noun	swe	magesår	noun	nor
mahatma	noun	swe	mahatma	noun	nor
mail	noun	swe	mail	noun	nor
mail	noun	swe	mail	noun	nor
maj	noun	swe	mai	noun	nor
majestät	noun	swe	majestet	noun	nor
majonnäs	noun	swe	majones	noun	nor
major	noun	swe	major	noun	nor
majoritet	noun	swe	fleirtal	noun	nor
majoritet	noun	swe	flertall	noun	nor
majoritet	noun	swe	majoritet	noun	nor
majs	noun	swe	mais	noun	nor
majsena	noun	swe	maisenna	noun	nor
majsmjöl	noun	swe	maisenna	noun	nor
majuskel	noun	swe	majuskel	noun	nor
maka	noun	swe	ektefelle	noun	nor
maka	noun	swe	make	noun	nor
make	noun	swe	ektemann	noun	nor
make	noun	swe	make	noun	nor
makrill	noun	swe	makrell	noun	nor
makrokosmos	noun	swe	makrokosmos	noun	nor
makron	noun	swe	makron	noun	nor
makt	noun	swe	makt	noun	nor
maktblock	noun	swe	maktblokk	noun	nor
maktfaktor	noun	swe	maktfaktor	noun	nor
maktkamp	noun	swe	maktkamp	noun	nor
maktspråk	noun	swe	maktspråk	noun	nor
makulatur	noun	swe	makulatur	noun	nor
mal	noun	swe	malle	noun	nor
mal	noun	swe	møll	noun	nor
malaga	noun	swe	malaga	noun	nor
malaria	noun	swe	malaria	noun	nor
malariamygga	noun	swe	malariamygg	noun	nor
malariaparasit	noun	swe	malariaparasitt	noun	nor
mall	noun	swe	mal	noun	nor
mall	noun	swe	mønster	noun	nor
malm	noun	swe	malm	noun	nor
malm	noun	swe	malme	noun	nor
malström	noun	swe	malstraum	noun	nor
malström	noun	swe	malstrøm	noun	nor
mamma	noun	swe	mamma	noun	nor
mamma	noun	swe	mor	noun	nor
mammografi	noun	swe	mammografi	noun	nor
mammut	noun	swe	mammut	noun	nor
man	noun	swe	ektemann	noun	nor
man	noun	swe	gubb	noun	nor
man	noun	swe	gubbe	noun	nor
man	noun	swe	husbond	noun	nor
man	noun	swe	mann	noun	nor
manager	noun	swe	manager	noun	nor
mandarin	noun	swe	mandarin	noun	nor
mandat	noun	swe	mandat	noun	nor
mandel	noun	swe	mandel	noun	nor
mandolin	noun	swe	mandolin	noun	nor
mandom	noun	swe	manndom	noun	nor
manege	noun	swe	manesje	noun	nor
manfall	noun	swe	mannefall	noun	nor
manfolk	noun	swe	karfolk	noun	nor
manfolk	noun	swe	mannfolk	noun	nor
mangan	noun	swe	mangan	noun	nor
mangel	noun	swe	mangel	noun	nor
mangel	noun	swe	vant	noun	nor
mango	noun	swe	mango	noun	nor
mani	noun	swe	mani	noun	nor
manifest	noun	swe	manifest	noun	nor
manifestation	noun	swe	manifestasjon	noun	nor
manipulation	noun	swe	manipulasjon	noun	nor
manke	noun	swe	man	noun	nor
manke	noun	swe	manke	noun	nor
manke	noun	swe	mån	noun	nor
mankemang	noun	swe	mangel	noun	nor
mannekäng	noun	swe	mannekeng	noun	nor
manschauvinism	noun	swe	mannssjåvinisme	noun	nor
manschett	noun	swe	mansjett	noun	nor
manskap	noun	swe	mannskap	noun	nor
manskap	noun	swe	mannskap	noun	nor
mansperson	noun	swe	mannsperson	noun	nor
manspillan	noun	swe	mannefall	noun	nor
mansålder	noun	swe	menneskealder	noun	nor
manual	noun	swe	manual	noun	nor
manufaktur	noun	swe	manufaktur	noun	nor
manus	noun	swe	manus	noun	nor
manus	noun	swe	manuskript	noun	nor
manuskript	noun	swe	manus	noun	nor
manuskript	noun	swe	manuskript	noun	nor
manér	noun	swe	maner	noun	nor
maoism	noun	swe	maoisme	noun	nor
maori	noun	swe	maori	noun	nor
mapp	noun	swe	kart	noun	nor
mapp	noun	swe	kart	noun	nor
mapp	noun	swe	katalog	noun	nor
mapp	noun	swe	kort	noun	nor
maratonlopp	noun	swe	maratonløp	noun	nor
mardröm	noun	swe	mareritt	noun	nor
margarin	noun	swe	margarin	noun	nor
marihuana	noun	swe	marihuana	noun	nor
marimba	noun	swe	marimba	noun	nor
marin	noun	swe	marine	noun	nor
marina	noun	swe	marina	noun	nor
marinad	noun	swe	marinade	noun	nor
marinbiolog	noun	swe	marinbiolog	noun	nor
marinbiologi	noun	swe	marinbiologi	noun	nor
marionett	noun	swe	marionett	noun	nor
mark	noun	swe	mark	noun	nor
mark	noun	swe	område	noun	nor
markering	noun	swe	markering	noun	nor
markgreve	noun	swe	markgreve	noun	nor
marknad	noun	swe	marked	noun	nor
marknad	noun	swe	marken	noun	nor
marknad	noun	swe	marknad	noun	nor
marknadsekonomi	noun	swe	markedsøkonomi	noun	nor
marknadsekonomi	noun	swe	marknadsøkonomi	noun	nor
marknadsplats	noun	swe	markedsplass	noun	nor
marknadsplats	noun	swe	marknadsplass	noun	nor
markör	noun	swe	markør	noun	nor
marmelad	noun	swe	marmelade	noun	nor
marmor	noun	swe	marmor	noun	nor
marmor	noun	swe	marmor	noun	nor
mars	noun	swe	mars	noun	nor
marsch	noun	swe	marsj	noun	nor
marschall	noun	swe	fakkel	noun	nor
marschfart	noun	swe	marsjfart	noun	nor
marsipan	noun	swe	marsipan	noun	nor
marsk	noun	swe	marsk	noun	nor
marskalk	noun	swe	marskalk	noun	nor
marsvin	noun	swe	marsvin	noun	nor
marsvin	noun	swe	nise	noun	nor
martyr	noun	swe	martyr	noun	nor
martyrium	noun	swe	martyrium	noun	nor
marxist	noun	swe	marxist	noun	nor
maräng	noun	swe	marengs	noun	nor
mascara	noun	swe	mascara	noun	nor
mascara	noun	swe	maskara	noun	nor
mask	noun	swe	maske	noun	nor
maskin	noun	swe	maskin	noun	nor
maskindel	noun	swe	maskindel	noun	nor
maskineri	noun	swe	maskineri	noun	nor
maskingevär	noun	swe	maskingevær	noun	nor
maskinist	noun	swe	maskinist	noun	nor
maskinpark	noun	swe	maskinpark	noun	nor
maskinpistol	noun	swe	maskinpistol	noun	nor
maskot	noun	swe	maskot	noun	nor
massa	noun	swe	drøss	noun	nor
massa	noun	swe	masse	noun	nor
massage	noun	swe	massasje	noun	nor
massiv	noun	swe	massiv	noun	nor
masskommunikation	noun	swe	massekommunikasjon	noun	nor
massmedium	noun	swe	massemedia	noun	nor
massmedium	noun	swe	massemedium	noun	nor
massmord	noun	swe	massemord	noun	nor
massör	noun	swe	massør	noun	nor
master	noun	swe	master	noun	nor
mastodont	noun	swe	mastodont	noun	nor
mat	noun	swe	ete	noun	nor
mat	noun	swe	kost	noun	nor
mat	noun	swe	mat	noun	nor
mat	noun	swe	spise	noun	nor
matador	noun	swe	matador	noun	nor
matbit	noun	swe	matbit	noun	nor
matbord	noun	swe	matbord	noun	nor
match	noun	swe	match	noun	nor
matematik	noun	swe	matematikk	noun	nor
materia	noun	swe	stoff	noun	nor
material	noun	swe	material	noun	nor
material	noun	swe	materiale	noun	nor
material	noun	swe	materiell	noun	nor
materialism	noun	swe	materialisme	noun	nor
materialist	noun	swe	materialist	noun	nor
materie	noun	swe	materie	noun	nor
matiné	noun	swe	matiné	noun	nor
matlagning	noun	swe	matlaging	noun	nor
matolja	noun	swe	matolje	noun	nor
matrest	noun	swe	matrest	noun	nor
matriarkat	noun	swe	matriarkat	noun	nor
matrikel	noun	swe	matrikkel	noun	nor
matros	noun	swe	matros	noun	nor
maträtt	noun	swe	matrett	noun	nor
matsal	noun	swe	matsal	noun	nor
matsedel	noun	swe	matkart	noun	nor
matsedel	noun	swe	meny	noun	nor
matsäck	noun	swe	matpakke	noun	nor
matsäck	noun	swe	nistepakke	noun	nor
matta	noun	swe	matte	noun	nor
matta	noun	swe	teppe	noun	nor
matte	noun	swe	matte	noun	nor
matte	noun	swe	matte	noun	nor
mauser	noun	swe	mauser	noun	nor
maximum	noun	swe	maksimum	noun	nor
medaljör	noun	swe	medaljør	noun	nor
medansvar	noun	swe	medansvar	noun	nor
medborgare	noun	swe	borgar	noun	nor
medborgare	noun	swe	borger	noun	nor
medborgare	noun	swe	statsborgar	noun	nor
medborgare	noun	swe	statsborger	noun	nor
medborgarskap	noun	swe	statsborgarskap	noun	nor
medborgarskap	noun	swe	statsborgarskap	noun	nor
medborgarskap	noun	swe	statsborgerskap	noun	nor
mede	noun	swe	mei	noun	nor
medel	noun	swe	medisin	noun	nor
medel	noun	swe	middel	noun	nor
medel	noun	swe	middel	noun	nor
medel	noun	swe	middelverdi	noun	nor
medelklass	noun	swe	middelklasse	noun	nor
medelsituation	noun	swe	middelsituasjon	noun	nor
medeltal	noun	swe	gjennomsnitt	noun	nor
medeltemperatur	noun	swe	middeltemperatur	noun	nor
medeltid	noun	swe	mellomalder	noun	nor
medeltid	noun	swe	middelalder	noun	nor
medelväg	noun	swe	middelveg	noun	nor
medelväg	noun	swe	middelvei	noun	nor
medelvärde	noun	swe	middelverdi	noun	nor
medelålder	noun	swe	gjennomsnittsalder	noun	nor
medelålder	noun	swe	mellomalder	noun	nor
medelålder	noun	swe	middelalder	noun	nor
medgivande	noun	swe	løyve	noun	nor
medgivande	noun	swe	tillatelse	noun	nor
medgivande	noun	swe	tillating	noun	nor
medgång	noun	swe	medgang	noun	nor
median	noun	swe	median	noun	nor
medicin	noun	swe	medisin	noun	nor
medikament	noun	swe	medikament	noun	nor
meditation	noun	swe	meditasjon	noun	nor
medium	noun	swe	medium	noun	nor
medium	noun	swe	media	noun	nor
medlare	noun	swe	megler	noun	nor
medlare	noun	swe	meklar	noun	nor
medlemsavgift	noun	swe	medlemskontingent	noun	nor
medlemskap	noun	swe	medlemskap	noun	nor
medlemskap	noun	swe	medlemskap	noun	nor
medlemskort	noun	swe	medlemskort	noun	nor
medlemsland	noun	swe	medlemsland	noun	nor
medlemsstat	noun	swe	medlemsstat	noun	nor
medley	noun	swe	medley	noun	nor
medmänniska	noun	swe	medmenneske	noun	nor
medverkan	noun	swe	deltagelse	noun	nor
medverkan	noun	swe	deltakelse	noun	nor
medverkan	noun	swe	deltaking	noun	nor
medverkan	noun	swe	medverknad	noun	nor
medverkan	noun	swe	medvirkning	noun	nor
medvetande	noun	swe	bevissthet	noun	nor
medvetande	noun	swe	medvit	noun	nor
medvind	noun	swe	medvind	noun	nor
megafon	noun	swe	megafon	noun	nor
megafon	noun	swe	ropert	noun	nor
megawatt	noun	swe	megawatt	noun	nor
mejeri	noun	swe	meieri	noun	nor
mejl	noun	swe	mail	noun	nor
mejram	noun	swe	merian	noun	nor
mejsel	noun	swe	meisel	noun	nor
mekanik	noun	swe	mekanikk	noun	nor
mekaniker	noun	swe	mekanikar	noun	nor
mekaniker	noun	swe	mekaniker	noun	nor
melankoli	noun	swe	melankoli	noun	nor
melass	noun	swe	melasse	noun	nor
mellanhand	noun	swe	mellommann	noun	nor
mellankomst	noun	swe	mellomkomst	noun	nor
mellanrum	noun	swe	mellomrom	noun	nor
mellanslag	noun	swe	mellomrom	noun	nor
mellanting	noun	swe	mellomting	noun	nor
melodi	noun	swe	melodi	noun	nor
melodi	noun	swe	slått	noun	nor
melodram	noun	swe	melodrama	noun	nor
melon	noun	swe	melon	noun	nor
membran	noun	swe	membran	noun	nor
memorandum	noun	swe	memorandum	noun	nor
memorial	noun	swe	memorial	noun	nor
men	noun	swe	mein	noun	nor
menageri	noun	swe	menasjeri	noun	nor
mening	noun	swe	forstand	noun	nor
mening	noun	swe	meining	noun	nor
mening	noun	swe	mening	noun	nor
mening	noun	swe	setning	noun	nor
mening	noun	swe	setning	noun	nor
mening	noun	swe	ytring	noun	nor
menisk	noun	swe	menisk	noun	nor
mens	noun	swe	mens	noun	nor
menstruation	noun	swe	menstruasjon	noun	nor
mentalitet	noun	swe	mentalitet	noun	nor
mentalsjukhus	noun	swe	mentalsjukehus	noun	nor
mentalsjukhus	noun	swe	mentalsykehus	noun	nor
mentalsjukhus	noun	swe	sinnssjukehus	noun	nor
mentalsjukhus	noun	swe	sinnssykehus	noun	nor
meny	noun	swe	meny	noun	nor
meridian	noun	swe	meridian	noun	nor
merit	noun	swe	meritt	noun	nor
merpart	noun	swe	brorpart	noun	nor
mesost	noun	swe	mysost	noun	nor
metafor	noun	swe	metafor	noun	nor
metaforik	noun	swe	metaforikk	noun	nor
metafysik	noun	swe	metafysikk	noun	nor
metall	noun	swe	metall	noun	nor
metalltråd	noun	swe	metalltråd	noun	nor
metallurg	noun	swe	metallurg	noun	nor
metallurgi	noun	swe	metallurgi	noun	nor
metamorfos	noun	swe	metamorfose	noun	nor
metan	noun	swe	metan	noun	nor
metanol	noun	swe	metanol	noun	nor
meteor	noun	swe	meteor	noun	nor
meteorit	noun	swe	meteoritt	noun	nor
meteorolog	noun	swe	meteorolog	noun	nor
meteorologi	noun	swe	meteorologi	noun	nor
meter	noun	swe	meter	noun	nor
metod	noun	swe	metode	noun	nor
metodik	noun	swe	metodikk	noun	nor
metodist	noun	swe	metodist	noun	nor
metrev	noun	swe	fiskesnøre	noun	nor
metropol	noun	swe	metropol	noun	nor
mezzosopran	noun	swe	mezzosopran	noun	nor
middag	noun	swe	middag	noun	nor
middagsbjudning	noun	swe	middagsselskap	noun	nor
middagsgäst	noun	swe	middagsgjest	noun	nor
middagslur	noun	swe	middagslur	noun	nor
middagsmat	noun	swe	middagsmat	noun	nor
migration	noun	swe	migrasjon	noun	nor
migrän	noun	swe	migrene	noun	nor
mikrob	noun	swe	mikrobe	noun	nor
mikrobiologi	noun	swe	mikrobiologi	noun	nor
mikrofilm	noun	swe	mikrofilm	noun	nor
mikrofon	noun	swe	mikrofon	noun	nor
mikrokosmos	noun	swe	mikrokosmos	noun	nor
mikroskop	noun	swe	mikroskop	noun	nor
mil	noun	swe	mil	noun	nor
milis	noun	swe	milits	noun	nor
militarism	noun	swe	militarisme	noun	nor
militär	noun	swe	militær	noun	nor
militär	noun	swe	militær	noun	nor
militärattaché	noun	swe	militærattaché	noun	nor
militärjunta	noun	swe	militærjunta	noun	nor
miljard	noun	swe	milliard	noun	nor
miljon	noun	swe	million	noun	nor
miljonär	noun	swe	millionær	noun	nor
miljö	noun	swe	miljø	noun	nor
miljöskada	noun	swe	miljøskade	noun	nor
milkshake	noun	swe	milkshake	noun	nor
milliard	noun	swe	milliard	noun	nor
milliliter	noun	swe	milliliter	noun	nor
millimeter	noun	swe	millimeter	noun	nor
million	noun	swe	million	noun	nor
mimik	noun	swe	mimikk	noun	nor
minaret	noun	swe	minaret	noun	nor
mineral	noun	swe	mineral	noun	nor
mineralolja	noun	swe	mineralolje	noun	nor
mineralrike	noun	swe	mineralrike	noun	nor
mineralvatten	noun	swe	mineralvann	noun	nor
mineralvatten	noun	swe	mineralvatn	noun	nor
minfält	noun	swe	minefelt	noun	nor
miniatyr	noun	swe	miniatyr	noun	nor
minibil	noun	swe	minibil	noun	nor
minigolf	noun	swe	minigolf	noun	nor
minimikrav	noun	swe	minimumskrav	noun	nor
minimum	noun	swe	minimum	noun	nor
minister	noun	swe	minister	noun	nor
minister	noun	swe	statsråd	noun	nor
minister	noun	swe	statsråd	noun	nor
ministerium	noun	swe	ministerium	noun	nor
ministerpresident	noun	swe	ministerpresident	noun	nor
ministerråd	noun	swe	ministerråd	noun	nor
ministerråd	noun	swe	ministerråd	noun	nor
mink	noun	swe	mink	noun	nor
minne	noun	swe	hugs	noun	nor
minne	noun	swe	hugs	noun	nor
minne	noun	swe	hukommelse	noun	nor
minne	noun	swe	husk	noun	nor
minne	noun	swe	husk	noun	nor
minne	noun	swe	minne	noun	nor
minnesmärke	noun	swe	minnesmerke	noun	nor
minnesruna	noun	swe	minneord	noun	nor
minnessten	noun	swe	minnestein	noun	nor
minoritet	noun	swe	minoritet	noun	nor
minoritetsspråk	noun	swe	minoritetsmål	noun	nor
minoritetsspråk	noun	swe	minoritetsspråk	noun	nor
minskning	noun	swe	reduksjon	noun	nor
minut	noun	swe	minutt	noun	nor
minut	noun	swe	minutt	noun	nor
misantrop	noun	swe	misantrop	noun	nor
mischmasch	noun	swe	rot	noun	nor
mischmasch	noun	swe	rot	noun	nor
mispel	noun	swe	mispel	noun	nor
missbruk	noun	swe	misbruk	noun	nor
missbruk	noun	swe	misbruk	noun	nor
missfoster	noun	swe	misfoster	noun	nor
missförstånd	noun	swe	misforståelse	noun	nor
missförstånd	noun	swe	misforståing	noun	nor
misshag	noun	swe	mishag	noun	nor
mission	noun	swe	misjon	noun	nor
missionär	noun	swe	misjonær	noun	nor
misslyckande	noun	swe	fiasko	noun	nor
missnöje	noun	swe	misnøye	noun	nor
missnöje	noun	swe	misnøye	noun	nor
missnöje	noun	swe	misnøye	noun	nor
missnöje	noun	swe	misnøye	noun	nor
misstag	noun	swe	feil	noun	nor
misstag	noun	swe	lyte	noun	nor
misstag	noun	swe	mistak	noun	nor
misstanke	noun	swe	mistanke	noun	nor
missuppfattning	noun	swe	misoppfatning	noun	nor
missuppfattning	noun	swe	misoppfattelse	noun	nor
mistel	noun	swe	misteltein	noun	nor
mister	noun	swe	mister	noun	nor
misär	noun	swe	elende	noun	nor
misär	noun	swe	elendighet	noun	nor
mitt	noun	swe	midt	noun	nor
mittenparti	noun	swe	midtparti	noun	nor
mittparti	noun	swe	midtparti	noun	nor
mix	noun	swe	mix	noun	nor
mixtur	noun	swe	mikstur	noun	nor
mjau	noun	swe	mjau	noun	nor
mjukvara	noun	swe	programvare	noun	nor
mjältbrand	noun	swe	miltbrann	noun	nor
mjöl	noun	swe	mel	noun	nor
mjöl	noun	swe	mel	noun	nor
mjöl	noun	swe	mjøl	noun	nor
mjölk	noun	swe	melk	noun	nor
mjölk	noun	swe	mjølk	noun	nor
mjölkförpackning	noun	swe	melkekartong	noun	nor
mjölkförpackning	noun	swe	mjølkekartong	noun	nor
mjölksocker	noun	swe	melkesukker	noun	nor
mjölksocker	noun	swe	mjølkesukker	noun	nor
mobbing	noun	swe	mobbing	noun	nor
mobil	noun	swe	mobil	noun	nor
mobil	noun	swe	mobiltelefon	noun	nor
mobilitet	noun	swe	mobilitet	noun	nor
mobiltelefon	noun	swe	mobiltelefon	noun	nor
mod	noun	swe	mot	noun	nor
modalitet	noun	swe	modalitet	noun	nor
mode	noun	swe	mote	noun	nor
modelejon	noun	swe	lapp	noun	nor
modell	noun	swe	modell	noun	nor
modem	noun	swe	modem	noun	nor
moderation	noun	swe	moderasjon	noun	nor
moderator	noun	swe	moderator	noun	nor
moderbolag	noun	swe	moderselskap	noun	nor
moderbolag	noun	swe	morselskap	noun	nor
modernism	noun	swe	modernisme	noun	nor
modernist	noun	swe	modernist	noun	nor
modernitet	noun	swe	modernitet	noun	nor
modersmål	noun	swe	morsmål	noun	nor
modifikation	noun	swe	modifikasjon	noun	nor
modist	noun	swe	modist	noun	nor
modul	noun	swe	modul	noun	nor
modulation	noun	swe	modulasjon	noun	nor
modus	noun	swe	modus	noun	nor
mogul	noun	swe	mogul	noun	nor
mohair	noun	swe	mohair	noun	nor
mohair	noun	swe	mohair	noun	nor
mojäng	noun	swe	tingest	noun	nor
mol	noun	swe	moll	noun	nor
molekyl	noun	swe	molekyl	noun	nor
moll	noun	swe	moll	noun	nor
moln	noun	swe	sjy	noun	nor
moln	noun	swe	sky	noun	nor
molok	noun	swe	molok	noun	nor
moment	noun	swe	moment	noun	nor
moms	noun	swe	moms	noun	nor
monark	noun	swe	monark	noun	nor
monarki	noun	swe	monarki	noun	nor
monarkist	noun	swe	monarkist	noun	nor
mongol	noun	swe	mongol	noun	nor
monitor	noun	swe	monitor	noun	nor
mono	noun	swe	mono	noun	nor
monogami	noun	swe	monogami	noun	nor
monografi	noun	swe	monografi	noun	nor
monokultur	noun	swe	monokultur	noun	nor
monolit	noun	swe	monolitt	noun	nor
monolog	noun	swe	monolog	noun	nor
monopol	noun	swe	monopol	noun	nor
monoteism	noun	swe	monoteisme	noun	nor
monotoni	noun	swe	monotoni	noun	nor
monsun	noun	swe	monsun	noun	nor
monter	noun	swe	monter	noun	nor
monter	noun	swe	montre	noun	nor
montör	noun	swe	montør	noun	nor
monument	noun	swe	monument	noun	nor
moped	noun	swe	knallert	noun	nor
moped	noun	swe	moped	noun	nor
mopedist	noun	swe	mopedist	noun	nor
mopp	noun	swe	mopp	noun	nor
moppe	noun	swe	knallert	noun	nor
moppe	noun	swe	moped	noun	nor
mor	noun	swe	mamma	noun	nor
mor	noun	swe	mor	noun	nor
mora	noun	swe	mora	noun	nor
moral	noun	swe	moral	noun	nor
moralism	noun	swe	moralisme	noun	nor
moralist	noun	swe	moralist	noun	nor
moralitet	noun	swe	moralitet	noun	nor
moratorium	noun	swe	moratorium	noun	nor
morbror	noun	swe	morbror	noun	nor
mord	noun	swe	mord	noun	nor
mordbrand	noun	swe	mordbrann	noun	nor
mordkommission	noun	swe	mordkommisjon	noun	nor
morell	noun	swe	morell	noun	nor
morfar	noun	swe	beste	noun	nor
morfar	noun	swe	bestefar	noun	nor
morfar	noun	swe	morfar	noun	nor
morfem	noun	swe	morfem	noun	nor
morfin	noun	swe	morfin	noun	nor
morfin	noun	swe	morfin	noun	nor
morgon	noun	swe	morgen	noun	nor
morgon	noun	swe	morgon	noun	nor
mormon	noun	swe	mormon	noun	nor
mormor	noun	swe	bestemor	noun	nor
mormor	noun	swe	mormor	noun	nor
morsarv	noun	swe	morsarv	noun	nor
morsealfabet	noun	swe	morse	noun	nor
morsealfabet	noun	swe	morsealfabet	noun	nor
mortalitet	noun	swe	mortalitet	noun	nor
mortel	noun	swe	morter	noun	nor
mortifikation	noun	swe	mortifikasjon	noun	nor
morän	noun	swe	morene	noun	nor
morän	noun	swe	ra	noun	nor
mosaik	noun	swe	mosaikk	noun	nor
moskit	noun	swe	moskito	noun	nor
moskovit	noun	swe	moskovitt	noun	nor
moské	noun	swe	moské	noun	nor
mossa	noun	swe	mos	noun	nor
mosse	noun	swe	mose	noun	nor
moster	noun	swe	tante	noun	nor
motdrag	noun	swe	mottrekk	noun	nor
motell	noun	swe	motell	noun	nor
motett	noun	swe	motett	noun	nor
motfråga	noun	swe	motspørsmål	noun	nor
motgång	noun	swe	motgang	noun	nor
mothugg	noun	swe	motstand	noun	nor
motion	noun	swe	mosjon	noun	nor
motionär	noun	swe	mosjonist	noun	nor
motiv	noun	swe	motiv	noun	nor
motivation	noun	swe	motivasjon	noun	nor
motivering	noun	swe	sortering	noun	nor
motljus	noun	swe	motlys	noun	nor
motocross	noun	swe	motocross	noun	nor
motor	noun	swe	motor	noun	nor
motorcykel	noun	swe	motorsykkel	noun	nor
motorfordon	noun	swe	motorkjøretøy	noun	nor
motorfordon	noun	swe	motorkøyretøy	noun	nor
motorik	noun	swe	motorikk	noun	nor
motorsport	noun	swe	motorsport	noun	nor
motorsåg	noun	swe	motorsag	noun	nor
motortorpedbåt	noun	swe	motortorpedobåt	noun	nor
motorväg	noun	swe	motorveg	noun	nor
motorväg	noun	swe	motorvei	noun	nor
motpart	noun	swe	motpart	noun	nor
motsats	noun	swe	motsetnad	noun	nor
motsats	noun	swe	motsetning	noun	nor
motstycke	noun	swe	motstykke	noun	nor
motstånd	noun	swe	motstand	noun	nor
motståndare	noun	swe	motstandar	noun	nor
motståndare	noun	swe	motstander	noun	nor
motsvarighet	noun	swe	samsvar	noun	nor
motsägelse	noun	swe	kontradiksjon	noun	nor
motsägelse	noun	swe	motseiing	noun	nor
motsägelse	noun	swe	motsigelse	noun	nor
motsättning	noun	swe	motsetnad	noun	nor
motsättning	noun	swe	motsetning	noun	nor
mott	noun	swe	mott	noun	nor
mottagning	noun	swe	mottak	noun	nor
motto	noun	swe	motto	noun	nor
motvikt	noun	swe	motvekt	noun	nor
motvilja	noun	swe	motvilje	noun	nor
mudd	noun	swe	mudd	noun	nor
mufti	noun	swe	mufti	noun	nor
mugg	noun	swe	krus	noun	nor
mule	noun	swe	mule	noun	nor
mullvad	noun	swe	moldvarp	noun	nor
multiplikation	noun	swe	multiplikasjon	noun	nor
multiplikator	noun	swe	multiplikator	noun	nor
mumie	noun	swe	mumie	noun	nor
mun	noun	swe	munn	noun	nor
mundering	noun	swe	mundur	noun	nor
munk	noun	swe	munk	noun	nor
munkavle	noun	swe	knebel	noun	nor
munsbit	noun	swe	jafs	noun	nor
munsbit	noun	swe	munnfull	noun	nor
muntergök	noun	swe	moromann	noun	nor
mur	noun	swe	mur	noun	nor
murkrona	noun	swe	murkrone	noun	nor
mursten	noun	swe	murstein	noun	nor
murverk	noun	swe	murverk	noun	nor
mus	noun	swe	mus	noun	nor
museiföremål	noun	swe	museumsgjenstand	noun	nor
muselman	noun	swe	muselman	noun	nor
museum	noun	swe	museum	noun	nor
museum	noun	swe	musé	noun	nor
musical	noun	swe	musikal	noun	nor
musik	noun	swe	musikk	noun	nor
musikalitet	noun	swe	musikalitet	noun	nor
musikant	noun	swe	musikant	noun	nor
musiker	noun	swe	musikar	noun	nor
musiker	noun	swe	musiker	noun	nor
musikförlag	noun	swe	plateselskap	noun	nor
musikinstrument	noun	swe	musikkinstrument	noun	nor
muskat	noun	swe	muskat	noun	nor
muskel	noun	swe	muskel	noun	nor
muskelbyggare	noun	swe	muskelmann	noun	nor
muskelfiber	noun	swe	muskelfiber	noun	nor
muskelknutte	noun	swe	muskelmann	noun	nor
muskelvävnad	noun	swe	muskelvev	noun	nor
musketerare	noun	swe	musketer	noun	nor
musketör	noun	swe	musketer	noun	nor
muskot	noun	swe	muskat	noun	nor
muskulatur	noun	swe	muskulatur	noun	nor
muslim	noun	swe	muslim	noun	nor
mussla	noun	swe	musling	noun	nor
must	noun	swe	most	noun	nor
mustang	noun	swe	mustang	noun	nor
mustasch	noun	swe	bart	noun	nor
mustasch	noun	swe	mustasje	noun	nor
mutant	noun	swe	mutant	noun	nor
mutation	noun	swe	mutasjon	noun	nor
my	noun	swe	my	noun	nor
mygel	noun	swe	intrige	noun	nor
mygga	noun	swe	mygg	noun	nor
myggbett	noun	swe	myggstikk	noun	nor
myggmedel	noun	swe	salve	noun	nor
myndighet	noun	swe	myndighet	noun	nor
myndighet	noun	swe	styresmakt	noun	nor
mynt	noun	swe	mynt	noun	nor
myriad	noun	swe	myriade	noun	nor
myrra	noun	swe	myrra	noun	nor
mysk	noun	swe	moskus	noun	nor
mysterium	noun	swe	mysterium	noun	nor
mysticism	noun	swe	mystisisme	noun	nor
mystik	noun	swe	mystikk	noun	nor
myt	noun	swe	myte	noun	nor
mytologi	noun	swe	mytologi	noun	nor
mängd	noun	swe	mengde	noun	nor
människa	noun	swe	menneske	noun	nor
människosläkte	noun	swe	menneskeslekt	noun	nor
människosläkte	noun	swe	menneskje	noun	nor
människovärde	noun	swe	menneskeverd	noun	nor
mänsklighet	noun	swe	menneskehet	noun	nor
mänsklighet	noun	swe	menneskje	noun	nor
märg	noun	swe	marg	noun	nor
märke	noun	swe	mark	noun	nor
märke	noun	swe	merke	noun	nor
mässingsmusik	noun	swe	hornmusikk	noun	nor
mästare	noun	swe	meister	noun	nor
mästare	noun	swe	mester	noun	nor
mästerskap	noun	swe	meisterskap	noun	nor
mästerskap	noun	swe	mesterskap	noun	nor
mät	noun	swe	mål	noun	nor
mätare	noun	swe	målar	noun	nor
mätare	noun	swe	måler	noun	nor
mätinstrument	noun	swe	måleinstrument	noun	nor
mätning	noun	swe	måling	noun	nor
måg	noun	swe	måg	noun	nor
måg	noun	swe	svigerson	noun	nor
måg	noun	swe	svigersønn	noun	nor
mål	noun	swe	mål	noun	nor
målarfärg	noun	swe	maling	noun	nor
målarfärg	noun	swe	måling	noun	nor
målföre	noun	swe	mæle	noun	nor
målning	noun	swe	maleri	noun	nor
målning	noun	swe	måleri	noun	nor
målspråk	noun	swe	målspråk	noun	nor
målställning	noun	swe	mål	noun	nor
måltid	noun	swe	måltid	noun	nor
målvakt	noun	swe	keeper	noun	nor
målvakt	noun	swe	målmann	noun	nor
målvakt	noun	swe	målvakt	noun	nor
månad	noun	swe	månad	noun	nor
månad	noun	swe	måned	noun	nor
måndag	noun	swe	mandag	noun	nor
måndag	noun	swe	måndag	noun	nor
måne	noun	swe	måne	noun	nor
månfas	noun	swe	månefase	noun	nor
mångfald	noun	swe	mangfald	noun	nor
mångfald	noun	swe	mangfold	noun	nor
mångfald	noun	swe	mangfoldighet	noun	nor
mångmiljonär	noun	swe	mangemillionær	noun	nor
mås	noun	swe	måke	noun	nor
mås	noun	swe	måse	noun	nor
mått	noun	swe	mål	noun	nor
mått	noun	swe	måte	noun	nor
mått	noun	swe	vis	noun	nor
mått	noun	swe	vis	noun	nor
måttband	noun	swe	måleband	noun	nor
måttstock	noun	swe	målestokk	noun	nor
möbel	noun	swe	møbel	noun	nor
möblemang	noun	swe	møblement	noun	nor
mödom	noun	swe	møydom	noun	nor
mögel	noun	swe	mugg	noun	nor
mögel	noun	swe	mugg	noun	nor
mögel	noun	swe	my	noun	nor
mögel	noun	swe	my	noun	nor
möjlighet	noun	swe	høve	noun	nor
möjlighet	noun	swe	moglegheit	noun	nor
möjlighet	noun	swe	mulighet	noun	nor
mönster	noun	swe	mønster	noun	nor
mönstring	noun	swe	sesjon	noun	nor
mördare	noun	swe	drapsmann	noun	nor
mördare	noun	swe	dråpsmann	noun	nor
mördare	noun	swe	mordar	noun	nor
mördare	noun	swe	morder	noun	nor
mörja	noun	swe	gørr	noun	nor
mörker	noun	swe	mørke	noun	nor
mörker	noun	swe	mørker	noun	nor
mörkertal	noun	swe	mørketal	noun	nor
mörkman	noun	swe	mørkemann	noun	nor
mört	noun	swe	mort	noun	nor
mört	noun	swe	skalle	noun	nor
mössa	noun	swe	lue	noun	nor
möte	noun	swe	møte	noun	nor
mötesplats	noun	swe	møteplass	noun	nor
nabbe	noun	swe	tapp	noun	nor
nabo	noun	swe	granne	noun	nor
nabo	noun	swe	nabo	noun	nor
nabob	noun	swe	nabob	noun	nor
nackdel	noun	swe	aber	noun	nor
nackdel	noun	swe	ulempe	noun	nor
nacke	noun	swe	nakke	noun	nor
nafta	noun	swe	nafta	noun	nor
nagel	noun	swe	nagl	noun	nor
nagel	noun	swe	negl	noun	nor
naivist	noun	swe	naivist	noun	nor
naivitet	noun	swe	naivitet	noun	nor
nalle	noun	swe	bamse	noun	nor
namn	noun	swe	namn	noun	nor
namn	noun	swe	navn	noun	nor
napalm	noun	swe	napalm	noun	nor
napp	noun	swe	subb	noun	nor
napp	noun	swe	supar	noun	nor
napp	noun	swe	super	noun	nor
nappa	noun	swe	nappa	noun	nor
nar	noun	swe	gjøn	noun	nor
narcissism	noun	swe	narsissisme	noun	nor
narkoman	noun	swe	narkoman	noun	nor
narkomani	noun	swe	narkomani	noun	nor
narkos	noun	swe	narkose	noun	nor
narkotika	noun	swe	narkotika	noun	nor
narkotikahund	noun	swe	narkotikahund	noun	nor
narkotikum	noun	swe	narkotikum	noun	nor
nation	noun	swe	nasjon	noun	nor
nationaldag	noun	swe	nasjonaldag	noun	nor
nationalekonomi	noun	swe	nasjonaløkonomi	noun	nor
nationalist	noun	swe	nasjonalist	noun	nor
nationalitet	noun	swe	nasjonalitet	noun	nor
nationalpark	noun	swe	nasjonalpark	noun	nor
nationalromantik	noun	swe	nasjonalromantikk	noun	nor
nationalsocialism	noun	swe	nasjonalsosialisme	noun	nor
nationalstat	noun	swe	nasjonalstat	noun	nor
natrium	noun	swe	natrium	noun	nor
natriumklorid	noun	swe	natriumklorid	noun	nor
natt	noun	swe	natt	noun	nor
nattbord	noun	swe	nattbord	noun	nor
nattfly	noun	swe	nattfly	noun	nor
nattfrost	noun	swe	nattefrost	noun	nor
nattklubb	noun	swe	diskotek	noun	nor
nattklubb	noun	swe	nattklubb	noun	nor
nattlinne	noun	swe	nattkjole	noun	nor
nattmara	noun	swe	mareritt	noun	nor
nattmörker	noun	swe	nattemørke	noun	nor
nattskift	noun	swe	nattskift	noun	nor
nattsömn	noun	swe	nattesøvn	noun	nor
natur	noun	swe	natur	noun	nor
naturalism	noun	swe	naturalisme	noun	nor
naturfenomen	noun	swe	naturfenomen	noun	nor
naturfilosofi	noun	swe	naturfilosofi	noun	nor
naturgas	noun	swe	naturgass	noun	nor
naturist	noun	swe	naturist	noun	nor
naturlag	noun	swe	naturlov	noun	nor
naturmedicin	noun	swe	naturmedisin	noun	nor
naturpark	noun	swe	naturpark	noun	nor
naturreligion	noun	swe	naturreligion	noun	nor
naturreservat	noun	swe	naturreservat	noun	nor
naturresurs	noun	swe	naturressurs	noun	nor
naturresurs	noun	swe	naturresurs	noun	nor
naturrätt	noun	swe	naturrett	noun	nor
natursten	noun	swe	naturstein	noun	nor
naturtillgång	noun	swe	naturresurs	noun	nor
naturvetenskap	noun	swe	naturvitenskap	noun	nor
naturvetenskap	noun	swe	naturvitskap	noun	nor
nautik	noun	swe	nautikk	noun	nor
nav	noun	swe	nav	noun	nor
navel	noun	swe	navle	noun	nor
navelsträng	noun	swe	navlestreng	noun	nor
navigation	noun	swe	navigasjon	noun	nor
navigatör	noun	swe	navigatør	noun	nor
navigering	noun	swe	navigasjon	noun	nor
nazist	noun	swe	nazi	noun	nor
nazist	noun	swe	nazist	noun	nor
nederbörd	noun	swe	nedbør	noun	nor
nederdel	noun	swe	nederdel	noun	nor
nederlag	noun	swe	nederlag	noun	nor
nederländska	noun	swe	nederlandsk	noun	nor
nederländska	noun	swe	nederlandsk	noun	nor
nedgång	noun	swe	nedgang	noun	nor
nedkomst	noun	swe	nedkomst	noun	nor
nedslag	noun	swe	nedslag	noun	nor
negation	noun	swe	negasjon	noun	nor
negativ	noun	swe	negativ	noun	nor
negativ	noun	swe	negativ	noun	nor
negativism	noun	swe	negativisme	noun	nor
neger	noun	swe	neger	noun	nor
nej	noun	swe	nei	noun	nor
nejd	noun	swe	egn	noun	nor
nejd	noun	swe	trakt	noun	nor
nejlika	noun	swe	nellik	noun	nor
nek	noun	swe	kornnek	noun	nor
nekrolog	noun	swe	nekrolog	noun	nor
nektar	noun	swe	nektar	noun	nor
nektarin	noun	swe	nektarin	noun	nor
nemesis	noun	swe	nemesis	noun	nor
nepotism	noun	swe	nepotisme	noun	nor
nerv	noun	swe	nerve	noun	nor
nervsystem	noun	swe	nervesystem	noun	nor
nervvrak	noun	swe	nervevrak	noun	nor
nestor	noun	swe	nestor	noun	nor
neurolog	noun	swe	neurolog	noun	nor
neurolog	noun	swe	nevrolog	noun	nor
neurologi	noun	swe	neurologi	noun	nor
neurologi	noun	swe	nevrologi	noun	nor
neuros	noun	swe	neurose	noun	nor
neuros	noun	swe	nevrose	noun	nor
neutralism	noun	swe	nøytralisme	noun	nor
neutralitet	noun	swe	nøytralitet	noun	nor
neutron	noun	swe	nøytron	noun	nor
neutron	noun	swe	nøytron	noun	nor
nevö	noun	swe	nevø	noun	nor
newton	noun	swe	newton	noun	nor
nick	noun	swe	heading	noun	nor
nick	noun	swe	nikk	noun	nor
nick	noun	swe	nikk	noun	nor
nickel	noun	swe	nikkel	noun	nor
nickel	noun	swe	nikkel	noun	nor
nigger	noun	swe	nigger	noun	nor
nihilism	noun	swe	nihilisme	noun	nor
nihilist	noun	swe	nihilist	noun	nor
nikotin	noun	swe	nikotin	noun	nor
nikotin	noun	swe	nikotin	noun	nor
nimbus	noun	swe	nimbus	noun	nor
nipper	noun	swe	nipp	noun	nor
nipper	noun	swe	nipp	noun	nor
nirvana	noun	swe	nirvana	noun	nor
nirvana	noun	swe	nirvana	noun	nor
nisch	noun	swe	nisje	noun	nor
nisse	noun	swe	nisse	noun	nor
nisse	noun	swe	tomte	noun	nor
nitrogen	noun	swe	nitrogen	noun	nor
nivå	noun	swe	nivå	noun	nor
njure	noun	swe	nyre	noun	nor
njursten	noun	swe	nyrestein	noun	nor
nobelpris	noun	swe	nobelpris	noun	nor
nolla	noun	swe	null	noun	nor
nolla	noun	swe	null	noun	nor
nolltillväxt	noun	swe	nullvekst	noun	nor
nomenklatur	noun	swe	nomenklatur	noun	nor
nominering	noun	swe	nominasjon	noun	nor
nonchalans	noun	swe	nonchalanse	noun	nor
nonsens	noun	swe	nonsens	noun	nor
nord	noun	swe	nord	noun	nor
nord	noun	swe	nord	noun	nor
nordost	noun	swe	nordaust	noun	nor
nordost	noun	swe	nordaust	noun	nor
nordpol	noun	swe	nordpol	noun	nor
nordöst	noun	swe	nordaust	noun	nor
nordöst	noun	swe	nordaust	noun	nor
nordöst	noun	swe	nordøst	noun	nor
norm	noun	swe	norm	noun	nor
normal	noun	swe	normal	noun	nor
normalfilm	noun	swe	normalfilm	noun	nor
normalitet	noun	swe	normalitet	noun	nor
normalprosa	noun	swe	normalprosa	noun	nor
norr	noun	swe	nord	noun	nor
norrman	noun	swe	nordmann	noun	nor
norrsken	noun	swe	nordlys	noun	nor
nors	noun	swe	nors	noun	nor
norsk	noun	swe	norsk	noun	nor
norska	noun	swe	nordmann	noun	nor
norska	noun	swe	norsk kvinne	noun	nor
norska	noun	swe	norsk	noun	nor
norska	noun	swe	norsk	noun	nor
nos	noun	swe	snute	noun	nor
noshörning	noun	swe	nashorn	noun	nor
noshörning	noun	swe	neshorn	noun	nor
nostalgi	noun	swe	nostalgi	noun	nor
not	noun	swe	not	noun	nor
not	noun	swe	notat	noun	nor
nota	noun	swe	nota	noun	nor
notabilitet	noun	swe	notabilitet	noun	nor
notarie	noun	swe	notar	noun	nor
notation	noun	swe	notasjon	noun	nor
notifikation	noun	swe	notifikasjon	noun	nor
notvarp	noun	swe	notvarp	noun	nor
nougat	noun	swe	nougat	noun	nor
nova	noun	swe	nova	noun	nor
novell	noun	swe	novelle	noun	nor
novellist	noun	swe	novellist	noun	nor
november	noun	swe	november	noun	nor
novis	noun	swe	novise	noun	nor
nudel	noun	swe	nudel	noun	nor
nudist	noun	swe	nudist	noun	nor
nuffra	noun	swe	siffer	noun	nor
nullitet	noun	swe	nullitet	noun	nor
nummer	noun	swe	nummer	noun	nor
nummerplåt	noun	swe	nummerskilt	noun	nor
nummerskylt	noun	swe	nummerskilt	noun	nor
nyckel	noun	swe	nykel	noun	nor
nyckel	noun	swe	nøkkel	noun	nor
nyckelben	noun	swe	kragebein	noun	nor
nyckelknippa	noun	swe	nøkkelknippe	noun	nor
nyckelman	noun	swe	nøkkelperson	noun	nor
nyckelord	noun	swe	nøkkelord	noun	nor
nyckelperson	noun	swe	nøkkelperson	noun	nor
nyemission	noun	swe	nyemisjon	noun	nor
nyfikenhet	noun	swe	nysgjerrigheit	noun	nor
nyfikenhet	noun	swe	nysgjerrighet	noun	nor
nyhet	noun	swe	nyheit	noun	nor
nyhet	noun	swe	nyhet	noun	nor
nykolonialism	noun	swe	nykolonialisme	noun	nor
nykomling	noun	swe	grønnskolling	noun	nor
nykomling	noun	swe	grønskolling	noun	nor
nykomling	noun	swe	jypling	noun	nor
nykomling	noun	swe	nykomling	noun	nor
nymåne	noun	swe	nymåne	noun	nor
nynazism	noun	swe	nynazisme	noun	nor
nynazist	noun	swe	nynazist	noun	nor
nytryck	noun	swe	opptrykk	noun	nor
nytta	noun	swe	nytte	noun	nor
nyår	noun	swe	nyttår	noun	nor
nyår	noun	swe	nyår	noun	nor
nyårsafton	noun	swe	nyttårsaftan	noun	nor
nyårsafton	noun	swe	nyttårsaften	noun	nor
näbb	noun	swe	nebb	noun	nor
näbb	noun	swe	nebb	noun	nor
näbb	noun	swe	nebb	noun	nor
nämnare	noun	swe	nemnar	noun	nor
nämnare	noun	swe	nevner	noun	nor
nämnd	noun	swe	nemnd	noun	nor
närbutik	noun	swe	nærbutikk	noun	nor
närhet	noun	swe	nærhet	noun	nor
närhet	noun	swe	nærleik	noun	nor
näring	noun	swe	ernæring	noun	nor
näring	noun	swe	næring	noun	nor
näringsfång	noun	swe	næringsveg	noun	nor
näringsfång	noun	swe	næringsvei	noun	nor
näringsliv	noun	swe	næringsliv	noun	nor
näringspolitik	noun	swe	næringspolitikk	noun	nor
närkamp	noun	swe	nærkamp	noun	nor
närkontakt	noun	swe	nærkontakt	noun	nor
närmande	noun	swe	tilnærming	noun	nor
närradio	noun	swe	nærradio	noun	nor
närvaro	noun	swe	nærvær	noun	nor
näsa	noun	swe	nase	noun	nor
näsa	noun	swe	nese	noun	nor
näsborre	noun	swe	nasebore	noun	nor
näsborre	noun	swe	nesebor	noun	nor
näste	noun	swe	reir	noun	nor
nät	noun	swe	nett	noun	nor
nät	noun	swe	netting	noun	nor
nät	noun	swe	not	noun	nor
nätverk	noun	swe	nettverk	noun	nor
näve	noun	swe	neve	noun	nor
nävkamp	noun	swe	nevekamp	noun	nor
nåd	noun	swe	grid	noun	nor
nåd	noun	swe	nåde	noun	nor
nålstick	noun	swe	nålestikk	noun	nor
nöd	noun	swe	naud	noun	nor
nöd	noun	swe	nød	noun	nor
nöd	noun	swe	nød	noun	nor
nödbroms	noun	swe	nødbrems	noun	nor
nödfall	noun	swe	nødstilfelle	noun	nor
nödraket	noun	swe	nødrakett	noun	nor
nödrop	noun	swe	nødrop	noun	nor
nödutgång	noun	swe	nødutgang	noun	nor
nödvändighet	noun	swe	naudsyn	noun	nor
nödvändighet	noun	swe	nødvendigheit	noun	nor
nödvändighet	noun	swe	nødvendighet	noun	nor
nöje	noun	swe	underhaldning	noun	nor
nöje	noun	swe	underholdning	noun	nor
nöjesbåt	noun	swe	lystbåt	noun	nor
nöjesfält	noun	swe	tivoli	noun	nor
nöjesliv	noun	swe	uteliv	noun	nor
nörd	noun	swe	nerd	noun	nor
nöt	noun	swe	nød	noun	nor
nötkött	noun	swe	oksekjøtt	noun	nor
oas	noun	swe	oase	noun	nor
obduktion	noun	swe	obduksjon	noun	nor
obehag	noun	swe	ubehag	noun	nor
obelisk	noun	swe	obelisk	noun	nor
oberoende	noun	swe	sjølvstende	noun	nor
oberoende	noun	swe	uavhengighet	noun	nor
objekt	noun	swe	objekt	noun	nor
objektiv	noun	swe	objektiv	noun	nor
objektivitet	noun	swe	objektivitet	noun	nor
oblat	noun	swe	oblat	noun	nor
obligation	noun	swe	obligasjon	noun	nor
oboe	noun	swe	obo	noun	nor
observation	noun	swe	observasjon	noun	nor
observatör	noun	swe	observatør	noun	nor
obstruktion	noun	swe	obstruksjon	noun	nor
ocean	noun	swe	hav	noun	nor
ocean	noun	swe	osean	noun	nor
oceanografi	noun	swe	oseanografi	noun	nor
ockra	noun	swe	oker	noun	nor
ockultism	noun	swe	okkultisme	noun	nor
ockupant	noun	swe	okkupant	noun	nor
ockupation	noun	swe	besettelse	noun	nor
ockupation	noun	swe	okkupasjon	noun	nor
odds	noun	swe	odds	noun	nor
odjur	noun	swe	udyr	noun	nor
odling	noun	swe	dyrking	noun	nor
odontolog	noun	swe	odontolog	noun	nor
odontologi	noun	swe	odontologi	noun	nor
odyssé	noun	swe	odyssé	noun	nor
oenighet	noun	swe	uenighet	noun	nor
offensiv	noun	swe	offensiv	noun	nor
offer	noun	swe	offer	noun	nor
offerfest	noun	swe	offerfest	noun	nor
offerlamm	noun	swe	offerlam	noun	nor
officer	noun	swe	offiser	noun	nor
oföre	noun	swe	uføre	noun	nor
oföre	noun	swe	uføre	noun	nor
ogräs	noun	swe	ugras	noun	nor
ogräs	noun	swe	ugress	noun	nor
ogärning	noun	swe	forbrytelse	noun	nor
ogärning	noun	swe	lovbrot	noun	nor
ohm	noun	swe	ohm	noun	nor
ok	noun	swe	åk	noun	nor
okapi	noun	swe	okapi	noun	nor
oktan	noun	swe	oktan	noun	nor
oktav	noun	swe	oktav	noun	nor
oktett	noun	swe	oktett	noun	nor
oktober	noun	swe	oktober	noun	nor
oktroj	noun	swe	bevilling	noun	nor
oktroj	noun	swe	løyve	noun	nor
oligark	noun	swe	oligark	noun	nor
olikhet	noun	swe	ulikhet	noun	nor
olikhet	noun	swe	ulikskap	noun	nor
oliv	noun	swe	oliven	noun	nor
olivolja	noun	swe	olivenolje	noun	nor
olja	noun	swe	olje	noun	nor
oljebolag	noun	swe	oljeselskap	noun	nor
oljebrunn	noun	swe	oljebrønn	noun	nor
oljefilm	noun	swe	oljefilm	noun	nor
oljefilter	noun	swe	oljefilter	noun	nor
oljetryck	noun	swe	oljetrykk	noun	nor
oljud	noun	swe	bulder	noun	nor
oljud	noun	swe	larm	noun	nor
oljud	noun	swe	rammel	noun	nor
oljud	noun	swe	rammel	noun	nor
olycka	noun	swe	ulykke	noun	nor
olycka	noun	swe	ulykke	noun	nor
ombud	noun	swe	ombod	noun	nor
ombud	noun	swe	ombud	noun	nor
omdöme	noun	swe	dømmekraft	noun	nor
omdöme	noun	swe	omdøme	noun	nor
omdöme	noun	swe	omdømme	noun	nor
omfattning	noun	swe	omfang	noun	nor
omfång	noun	swe	fang	noun	nor
omfång	noun	swe	fange	noun	nor
omfång	noun	swe	fange	noun	nor
omgivning	noun	swe	omgivelse	noun	nor
omgivning	noun	swe	omgivnad	noun	nor
omgång	noun	swe	befatning	noun	nor
omgång	noun	swe	hopehav	noun	nor
omgång	noun	swe	omgang	noun	nor
omlopp	noun	swe	omløp	noun	nor
omnibus	noun	swe	omnibus	noun	nor
omnämnande	noun	swe	omtale	noun	nor
område	noun	swe	område	noun	nor
omröstning	noun	swe	avstemning	noun	nor
omslag	noun	swe	omslag	noun	nor
omsorg	noun	swe	omsorg	noun	nor
omsorg	noun	swe	omsut	noun	nor
omständighet	noun	swe	omstende	noun	nor
omständighet	noun	swe	omstendighet	noun	nor
omsättning	noun	swe	omsetnad	noun	nor
omsättning	noun	swe	omsetning	noun	nor
omtal	noun	swe	omtale	noun	nor
omtanke	noun	swe	omtanke	noun	nor
omvandling	noun	swe	endring	noun	nor
omöjlighet	noun	swe	umoglegheit	noun	nor
omöjlighet	noun	swe	umulighet	noun	nor
onani	noun	swe	onani	noun	nor
onkel	noun	swe	onkel	noun	nor
onsdag	noun	swe	onsdag	noun	nor
ontologi	noun	swe	ontologi	noun	nor
oordning	noun	swe	uorden	noun	nor
opal	noun	swe	opal	noun	nor
opera	noun	swe	opera	noun	nor
operation	noun	swe	operasjon	noun	nor
operator	noun	swe	operator	noun	nor
operatör	noun	swe	operatør	noun	nor
operett	noun	swe	operette	noun	nor
opinion	noun	swe	opinion	noun	nor
opiumhandel	noun	swe	opiumhandel	noun	nor
opponent	noun	swe	opponent	noun	nor
opportunism	noun	swe	opportunisme	noun	nor
opportunist	noun	swe	opportunist	noun	nor
opposition	noun	swe	opposisjon	noun	nor
optik	noun	swe	optikk	noun	nor
optimism	noun	swe	optimisme	noun	nor
optimist	noun	swe	optimist	noun	nor
optimum	noun	swe	optimum	noun	nor
option	noun	swe	opsjon	noun	nor
opus	noun	swe	opus	noun	nor
orakel	noun	swe	orakel	noun	nor
orange	noun	swe	oransje	noun	nor
orangutang	noun	swe	orangutang	noun	nor
oratorium	noun	swe	oratorium	noun	nor
ord	noun	swe	ord	noun	nor
ordalydelse	noun	swe	ordlyd	noun	nor
ordbild	noun	swe	ordbilde	noun	nor
ordbild	noun	swe	ordbilde	noun	nor
ordbok	noun	swe	ordbok	noun	nor
orden	noun	swe	ordning	noun	nor
order	noun	swe	ordre	noun	nor
ordförande	noun	swe	formann	noun	nor
ordförande	noun	swe	ordførar	noun	nor
ordförande	noun	swe	ordfører	noun	nor
ordförandeskap	noun	swe	formannskap	noun	nor
ordförandeskap	noun	swe	formannskap	noun	nor
ordförråd	noun	swe	ordforråd	noun	nor
ordförråd	noun	swe	vokabular	noun	nor
ordinand	noun	swe	ordinand	noun	nor
ordination	noun	swe	ordinasjon	noun	nor
ordning	noun	swe	greie	noun	nor
ordning	noun	swe	greie	noun	nor
ordning	noun	swe	orden	noun	nor
ordningsföljd	noun	swe	rekkefølgd	noun	nor
ordningsföljd	noun	swe	rekkefølge	noun	nor
ordningsföljd	noun	swe	rekkefølgje	noun	nor
ordningsman	noun	swe	oppsynsmann	noun	nor
ordspråk	noun	swe	ordspråk	noun	nor
ordspråk	noun	swe	ordtak	noun	nor
oreda	noun	swe	uorden	noun	nor
oregano	noun	swe	oregano	noun	nor
organ	noun	swe	organ	noun	nor
organisation	noun	swe	organisasjon	noun	nor
organisation	noun	swe	samskipnad	noun	nor
organisatör	noun	swe	organisator	noun	nor
organisering	noun	swe	organisering	noun	nor
organism	noun	swe	organisme	noun	nor
organist	noun	swe	organist	noun	nor
orgasm	noun	swe	orgasme	noun	nor
orgel	noun	swe	orgel	noun	nor
orgelpunkt	noun	swe	orgelpunkt	noun	nor
orgie	noun	swe	orgie	noun	nor
orient	noun	swe	orient	noun	nor
orientering	noun	swe	orientering	noun	nor
original	noun	swe	original	noun	nor
originalitet	noun	swe	originalitet	noun	nor
originalspråk	noun	swe	originalspråk	noun	nor
origo	noun	swe	origo	noun	nor
ork	noun	swe	energi	noun	nor
orkan	noun	swe	orkan	noun	nor
orkester	noun	swe	orkester	noun	nor
orkesterplats	noun	swe	parkett	noun	nor
orkesterplats	noun	swe	parkett	noun	nor
orkidé	noun	swe	orkidé	noun	nor
orm	noun	swe	orm	noun	nor
orm	noun	swe	slange	noun	nor
ornament	noun	swe	ornament	noun	nor
ornamentik	noun	swe	ornamentikk	noun	nor
ornitolog	noun	swe	ornitolog	noun	nor
oro	noun	swe	uro	noun	nor
orsak	noun	swe	årsak	noun	nor
ort	noun	swe	by	noun	nor
ort	noun	swe	by	noun	nor
ort	noun	swe	stad	noun	nor
ort	noun	swe	sted	noun	nor
ortnamn	noun	swe	stadnamn	noun	nor
ortnamn	noun	swe	stedsnavn	noun	nor
ortografi	noun	swe	ortografi	noun	nor
orätt	noun	swe	urett	noun	nor
oscillator	noun	swe	oscillator	noun	nor
osman	noun	swe	osman	noun	nor
ost	noun	swe	ost	noun	nor
ost	noun	swe	øst	noun	nor
ostmassa	noun	swe	ostemasse	noun	nor
osämja	noun	swe	splid	noun	nor
ottoman	noun	swe	ottoman	noun	nor
otur	noun	swe	uflaks	noun	nor
otur	noun	swe	uhell	noun	nor
output	noun	swe	output	noun	nor
outsider	noun	swe	outsider	noun	nor
oval	noun	swe	oval	noun	nor
ovana	noun	swe	uvane	noun	nor
ovandel	noun	swe	overdel	noun	nor
ovarium	noun	swe	ovarium	noun	nor
ovation	noun	swe	ovasjon	noun	nor
overall	noun	swe	overall	noun	nor
overhead	noun	swe	overhead	noun	nor
ovilja	noun	swe	uvilje	noun	nor
oväder	noun	swe	uvær	noun	nor
oväder	noun	swe	uvêr	noun	nor
ovän	noun	swe	uvenn	noun	nor
oxe	noun	swe	okse	noun	nor
oxid	noun	swe	oksid	noun	nor
oxid	noun	swe	oksyd	noun	nor
oxidation	noun	swe	oksidasjon	noun	nor
ozonskikt	noun	swe	ozonlag	noun	nor
pacemaker	noun	swe	pacemaker	noun	nor
pacifism	noun	swe	pasifisme	noun	nor
pacifist	noun	swe	pasifist	noun	nor
pack	noun	swe	pakk	noun	nor
packning	noun	swe	pakning	noun	nor
paddock	noun	swe	paddock	noun	nor
pagod	noun	swe	pagode	noun	nor
paj	noun	swe	pai	noun	nor
paket	noun	swe	pakke	noun	nor
pakt	noun	swe	pakt	noun	nor
palats	noun	swe	palass	noun	nor
palatsrevolution	noun	swe	palassrevolusjon	noun	nor
palaver	noun	swe	palaver	noun	nor
paleontologi	noun	swe	paleontologi	noun	nor
pall	noun	swe	pall	noun	nor
palm	noun	swe	palme	noun	nor
palmfett	noun	swe	palmeolje	noun	nor
palmolja	noun	swe	palmeolje	noun	nor
pamp	noun	swe	apparatsjik	noun	nor
pamp	noun	swe	pamp	noun	nor
pampas	noun	swe	pampas	noun	nor
panama	noun	swe	panama	noun	nor
panda	noun	swe	panda	noun	nor
pandemi	noun	swe	pandemi	noun	nor
panel	noun	swe	panel	noun	nor
paneldebatt	noun	swe	paneldebatt	noun	nor
paneldiskussion	noun	swe	paneldiskusjon	noun	nor
panik	noun	swe	panikk	noun	nor
panna	noun	swe	panne	noun	nor
pansar	noun	swe	panser	noun	nor
pansar	noun	swe	snut	noun	nor
pant	noun	swe	pant	noun	nor
pant	noun	swe	pant	noun	nor
panteism	noun	swe	panteisme	noun	nor
panteist	noun	swe	panteist	noun	nor
panter	noun	swe	panter	noun	nor
pantograf	noun	swe	pantograf	noun	nor
pantomim	noun	swe	pantomime	noun	nor
panträtt	noun	swe	panterett	noun	nor
papaya	noun	swe	papaya	noun	nor
paper	noun	swe	avhandling	noun	nor
paperback	noun	swe	paperback	noun	nor
papp	noun	swe	papp	noun	nor
pappa	noun	swe	far	noun	nor
pappa	noun	swe	far	noun	nor
pappa	noun	swe	pappa	noun	nor
papper	noun	swe	papir	noun	nor
pappersbruk	noun	swe	papirfabrikk	noun	nor
papperstiger	noun	swe	papirtiger	noun	nor
paprika	noun	swe	paprika	noun	nor
par	noun	swe	par	noun	nor
parad	noun	swe	parade	noun	nor
paradigm	noun	swe	paradigme	noun	nor
paradis	noun	swe	paradis	noun	nor
paradmålning	noun	swe	praktverk	noun	nor
parafras	noun	swe	parafrase	noun	nor
paragraf	noun	swe	paragraf	noun	nor
parallell	noun	swe	parallell	noun	nor
parallellcirkel	noun	swe	breddegrad	noun	nor
parallellcirkel	noun	swe	breiddegrad	noun	nor
parallellcirkel	noun	swe	latitude	noun	nor
parallellitet	noun	swe	parallellitet	noun	nor
paralys	noun	swe	paralyse	noun	nor
parameter	noun	swe	parameter	noun	nor
paranoia	noun	swe	paranoia	noun	nor
paraply	noun	swe	paraply	noun	nor
paraplyorganisation	noun	swe	paraplyorganisasjon	noun	nor
parasit	noun	swe	parasitt	noun	nor
parcell	noun	swe	parsell	noun	nor
pardans	noun	swe	pardans	noun	nor
parentes	noun	swe	klamme	noun	nor
parentes	noun	swe	parentes	noun	nor
pares	noun	swe	parese	noun	nor
parfym	noun	swe	parfyme	noun	nor
parfymaffär	noun	swe	parfymeri	noun	nor
paria	noun	swe	paria	noun	nor
pariserhjul	noun	swe	pariserhjul	noun	nor
paritet	noun	swe	paritet	noun	nor
park	noun	swe	park	noun	nor
parkering	noun	swe	parkering	noun	nor
parkeringshus	noun	swe	parkeringshus	noun	nor
parkeringsplats	noun	swe	biloppstillingsplass	noun	nor
parkeringsplats	noun	swe	parkeringsplass	noun	nor
parlament	noun	swe	parlament	noun	nor
parlamentarism	noun	swe	parlamentarisme	noun	nor
parmesanost	noun	swe	parmesanost	noun	nor
parodi	noun	swe	parodi	noun	nor
paroll	noun	swe	parole	noun	nor
part	noun	swe	part	noun	nor
parti	noun	swe	parti	noun	nor
partiapparat	noun	swe	partiapparat	noun	nor
partichef	noun	swe	partisjef	noun	nor
particip	noun	swe	partisipp	noun	nor
partidisciplin	noun	swe	partidisiplin	noun	nor
partikel	noun	swe	partikkel	noun	nor
partiorgan	noun	swe	partiorgan	noun	nor
partiprogram	noun	swe	partiprogram	noun	nor
partisan	noun	swe	partisan	noun	nor
partitur	noun	swe	partitur	noun	nor
partner	noun	swe	partnar	noun	nor
partner	noun	swe	partner	noun	nor
party	noun	swe	fest	noun	nor
party	noun	swe	jubalong	noun	nor
party	noun	swe	kalas	noun	nor
party	noun	swe	party	noun	nor
parvel	noun	swe	purk	noun	nor
paråkning	noun	swe	parløp	noun	nor
pascal	noun	swe	pascal	noun	nor
pascha	noun	swe	pasja	noun	nor
pass	noun	swe	pas	noun	nor
pass	noun	swe	pass	noun	nor
pass	noun	swe	pass	noun	nor
passage	noun	swe	passasje	noun	nor
passagerare	noun	swe	passasjer	noun	nor
passfoto	noun	swe	passfoto	noun	nor
passion	noun	swe	lidenskap	noun	nor
passiva	noun	swe	passiv	noun	nor
passivitet	noun	swe	passivitet	noun	nor
passivum	noun	swe	passiv	noun	nor
passning	noun	swe	pasning	noun	nor
passning	noun	swe	skjøtsel	noun	nor
passning	noun	swe	stell	noun	nor
passning	noun	swe	sti	noun	nor
passus	noun	swe	passus	noun	nor
pasta	noun	swe	pasta	noun	nor
pastej	noun	swe	postei	noun	nor
pastell	noun	swe	pastell	noun	nor
pastisch	noun	swe	pastisj	noun	nor
pastor	noun	swe	pastor	noun	nor
patent	noun	swe	patent	noun	nor
patentmedicin	noun	swe	patentmedisin	noun	nor
pater	noun	swe	pater	noun	nor
patient	noun	swe	pasient	noun	nor
patina	noun	swe	patina	noun	nor
patolog	noun	swe	patolog	noun	nor
patologi	noun	swe	patologi	noun	nor
patos	noun	swe	patos	noun	nor
patrask	noun	swe	rakk	noun	nor
patriark	noun	swe	patriark	noun	nor
patriarkat	noun	swe	patriarkat	noun	nor
patriot	noun	swe	jøssing	noun	nor
patriot	noun	swe	patriot	noun	nor
patriotism	noun	swe	patriotisme	noun	nor
patron	noun	swe	patron	noun	nor
patrull	noun	swe	patrulje	noun	nor
patt	noun	swe	patt	noun	nor
paus	noun	swe	pause	noun	nor
paviljong	noun	swe	paviljong	noun	nor
pedagog	noun	swe	pedagog	noun	nor
pedagogik	noun	swe	pedagogikk	noun	nor
pedal	noun	swe	pedal	noun	nor
pegas	noun	swe	pegasus	noun	nor
pekfinger	noun	swe	pekefinger	noun	nor
pekpinne	noun	swe	pekepinn	noun	nor
pektin	noun	swe	pektin	noun	nor
pellet	noun	swe	pellet	noun	nor
pen	noun	swe	penn	noun	nor
pendang	noun	swe	pendant	noun	nor
pendel	noun	swe	pendel	noun	nor
peng	noun	swe	penge	noun	nor
pengar	noun	swe	penge	noun	nor
penicillin	noun	swe	penicillin	noun	nor
penis	noun	swe	penis	noun	nor
penna	noun	swe	penn	noun	nor
penning	noun	swe	penning	noun	nor
pennkniv	noun	swe	lommekniv	noun	nor
penny	noun	swe	penny	noun	nor
pensel	noun	swe	pensel	noun	nor
penseldrag	noun	swe	pennestrøk	noun	nor
pension	noun	swe	pensjon	noun	nor
pensionat	noun	swe	pensjonat	noun	nor
pensionär	noun	swe	pensjonist	noun	nor
pentry	noun	swe	pantry	noun	nor
peppar	noun	swe	pepar	noun	nor
peppar	noun	swe	pepper	noun	nor
pepparmynt	noun	swe	peparmynte	noun	nor
pepparmynt	noun	swe	peppermynte	noun	nor
perception	noun	swe	persepsjon	noun	nor
perestrojka	noun	swe	perestrojka	noun	nor
perfektion	noun	swe	perfeksjon	noun	nor
perfektionist	noun	swe	perfeksjonist	noun	nor
perforation	noun	swe	perforasjon	noun	nor
pergament	noun	swe	pergament	noun	nor
pergola	noun	swe	pergola	noun	nor
periferi	noun	swe	periferi	noun	nor
periferivinkel	noun	swe	periferivinkel	noun	nor
period	noun	swe	periode	noun	nor
period	noun	swe	periodelengd	noun	nor
period	noun	swe	periodelengde	noun	nor
permafrost	noun	swe	permafrost	noun	nor
permanent	noun	swe	permanent	noun	nor
permutation	noun	swe	permutasjon	noun	nor
perrong	noun	swe	perrong	noun	nor
persedel	noun	swe	klesplagg	noun	nor
persilja	noun	swe	persille	noun	nor
persiska	noun	swe	persisk	noun	nor
persiska	noun	swe	persisk	noun	nor
person	noun	swe	person	noun	nor
personal	noun	swe	personale	noun	nor
personalunion	noun	swe	personalunion	noun	nor
personbil	noun	swe	personbil	noun	nor
persongalleri	noun	swe	persongalleri	noun	nor
personlighet	noun	swe	personlegdom	noun	nor
personlighet	noun	swe	personlighet	noun	nor
personnummer	noun	swe	personnummer	noun	nor
personregister	noun	swe	personregister	noun	nor
personuppgift	noun	swe	persondata	noun	nor
personuppgift	noun	swe	persondata	noun	nor
perspektiv	noun	swe	perspektiv	noun	nor
perspektiv	noun	swe	utsyn	noun	nor
perspektiv	noun	swe	utsyn	noun	nor
peruk	noun	swe	parykk	noun	nor
perversion	noun	swe	perversjon	noun	nor
perversitet	noun	swe	perversitet	noun	nor
peseta	noun	swe	peseta	noun	nor
peso	noun	swe	peso	noun	nor
pessar	noun	swe	pessar	noun	nor
pessimism	noun	swe	pessimisme	noun	nor
pessimist	noun	swe	pessimist	noun	nor
pest	noun	swe	pest	noun	nor
pesticid	noun	swe	pesticid	noun	nor
petit	noun	swe	petit	noun	nor
petita	noun	swe	søknad	noun	nor
petroleum	noun	swe	petroleum	noun	nor
pianist	noun	swe	pianist	noun	nor
piano	noun	swe	piano	noun	nor
pianokonsert	noun	swe	pianokonsert	noun	nor
piccolo	noun	swe	pikkolo	noun	nor
picknick	noun	swe	piknik	noun	nor
pickup	noun	swe	pickup	noun	nor
piedestal	noun	swe	pidestall	noun	nor
pietet	noun	swe	pietet	noun	nor
pietism	noun	swe	pietisme	noun	nor
pietist	noun	swe	pietist	noun	nor
pigg	noun	swe	pigg	noun	nor
piggsvin	noun	swe	piggsvin	noun	nor
pigment	noun	swe	pigment	noun	nor
pik	noun	swe	kuk	noun	nor
pik	noun	swe	kukk	noun	nor
pik	noun	swe	pikk	noun	nor
pik	noun	swe	pikk	noun	nor
pil	noun	swe	pil	noun	nor
pilgrim	noun	swe	pilegrim	noun	nor
pilk	noun	swe	pilk	noun	nor
pilot	noun	swe	pilot	noun	nor
pilotballong	noun	swe	pilotballong	noun	nor
pilsner	noun	swe	pilsner	noun	nor
pinal	noun	swe	sak	noun	nor
pincett	noun	swe	pinsett	noun	nor
pingisboll	noun	swe	bordtennis	noun	nor
pingstdag	noun	swe	pinsedag	noun	nor
pingvin	noun	swe	pingvin	noun	nor
pinne	noun	swe	nabb	noun	nor
pinne	noun	swe	pinn	noun	nor
pinne	noun	swe	pinne	noun	nor
pinnhål	noun	swe	plass	noun	nor
pinnved	noun	swe	pinneved	noun	nor
pionjär	noun	swe	pioner	noun	nor
pip	noun	swe	pip	noun	nor
pip	noun	swe	pip	noun	nor
pipskägg	noun	swe	fippskjegg	noun	nor
pir	noun	swe	molo	noun	nor
pirat	noun	swe	pirat	noun	nor
piska	noun	swe	pisk	noun	nor
piska	noun	swe	pisk	noun	nor
pisksnärt	noun	swe	nakkesleng	noun	nor
piss	noun	swe	piss	noun	nor
pistol	noun	swe	pistol	noun	nor
pizza	noun	swe	pizza	noun	nor
pjäs	noun	swe	skodespel	noun	nor
pjäs	noun	swe	skuespill	noun	nor
placebo	noun	swe	placebo	noun	nor
placeboeffekt	noun	swe	placeboeffekt	noun	nor
placering	noun	swe	plassering	noun	nor
plage	noun	swe	plage	noun	nor
plagg	noun	swe	klesplagg	noun	nor
plagg	noun	swe	plagg	noun	nor
plagiat	noun	swe	plagiat	noun	nor
plan	noun	swe	etasje	noun	nor
plan	noun	swe	fly	noun	nor
plan	noun	swe	plan	noun	nor
plan	noun	swe	plan	noun	nor
planering	noun	swe	planlegging	noun	nor
planet	noun	swe	fly	noun	nor
planet	noun	swe	planet	noun	nor
planetarium	noun	swe	planetarium	noun	nor
planhushållning	noun	swe	planøkonomi	noun	nor
plank	noun	swe	plank	noun	nor
plank	noun	swe	planke	noun	nor
planka	noun	swe	brett	noun	nor
planka	noun	swe	brett	noun	nor
planka	noun	swe	tavl	noun	nor
plankstrykare	noun	swe	malar	noun	nor
plankstrykare	noun	swe	maler	noun	nor
plankton	noun	swe	plankton	noun	nor
planritning	noun	swe	plan	noun	nor
planritning	noun	swe	plan	noun	nor
plansch	noun	swe	plansje	noun	nor
planschverk	noun	swe	bokverk	noun	nor
planta	noun	swe	plante	noun	nor
plantage	noun	swe	plantasje	noun	nor
plantering	noun	swe	plantning	noun	nor
plask	noun	swe	klask	noun	nor
plasma	noun	swe	plasma	noun	nor
plast	noun	swe	plast	noun	nor
plast	noun	swe	plastikk	noun	nor
plastpåse	noun	swe	plastpose	noun	nor
platan	noun	swe	platan	noun	nor
platina	noun	swe	platina	noun	nor
plats	noun	swe	plass	noun	nor
plats	noun	swe	stad	noun	nor
plats	noun	swe	sted	noun	nor
plattform	noun	swe	plattform	noun	nor
platå	noun	swe	platå	noun	nor
playback	noun	swe	playback	noun	nor
playboy	noun	swe	playboy	noun	nor
plenum	noun	swe	plenum	noun	nor
plikt	noun	swe	plikt	noun	nor
plikt	noun	swe	skyldnad	noun	nor
plog	noun	swe	ard	noun	nor
plog	noun	swe	plog	noun	nor
plomb	noun	swe	plombe	noun	nor
plommon	noun	swe	gule	noun	nor
plommon	noun	swe	plomme	noun	nor
plommonstop	noun	swe	bowl	noun	nor
plugg	noun	swe	plugg	noun	nor
plugg	noun	swe	skule	noun	nor
plugg	noun	swe	plugg	noun	nor
plugg	noun	swe	propp	noun	nor
plugghäst	noun	swe	lesehest	noun	nor
plump	noun	swe	flekk	noun	nor
plump	noun	swe	plett	noun	nor
plump	noun	swe	plump	noun	nor
plurr	noun	swe	vann	noun	nor
plurr	noun	swe	vatn	noun	nor
plus	noun	swe	pluss	noun	nor
plutt	noun	swe	barn	noun	nor
pläd	noun	swe	pledd	noun	nor
plånbok	noun	swe	lommebok	noun	nor
plåt	noun	swe	plate	noun	nor
pocket	noun	swe	pocket	noun	nor
podium	noun	swe	podium	noun	nor
poem	noun	swe	dikt	noun	nor
poem	noun	swe	poem	noun	nor
poesi	noun	swe	dikting	noun	nor
poesi	noun	swe	poesi	noun	nor
poet	noun	swe	poet	noun	nor
poetik	noun	swe	poetikk	noun	nor
pogrom	noun	swe	pogrom	noun	nor
pointer	noun	swe	pointer	noun	nor
pojke	noun	swe	dreng	noun	nor
pojke	noun	swe	gut	noun	nor
pojke	noun	swe	gutt	noun	nor
pojke	noun	swe	guttunge	noun	nor
pojke	noun	swe	gutunge	noun	nor
pojke	noun	swe	pilt	noun	nor
pojkvasker	noun	swe	purk	noun	nor
pokal	noun	swe	pokal	noun	nor
poker	noun	swe	poker	noun	nor
pol	noun	swe	pol	noun	nor
polack	noun	swe	polakk	noun	nor
polare	noun	swe	polare	noun	nor
polarfront	noun	swe	polarfront	noun	nor
polaritet	noun	swe	polaritet	noun	nor
polarräv	noun	swe	polarrev	noun	nor
polemik	noun	swe	polemikk	noun	nor
polio	noun	swe	polio	noun	nor
poliomyelit	noun	swe	poliomyelitt	noun	nor
polis	noun	swe	polis	noun	nor
polis	noun	swe	politi	noun	nor
polis	noun	swe	politi	noun	nor
polis	noun	swe	politikvinne	noun	nor
polis	noun	swe	politimann	noun	nor
polisbil	noun	swe	politibil	noun	nor
polisdistrikt	noun	swe	politidistrikt	noun	nor
polish	noun	swe	polish	noun	nor
polishund	noun	swe	politihund	noun	nor
polisman	noun	swe	politibetjent	noun	nor
polisstation	noun	swe	politistasjon	noun	nor
politik	noun	swe	politikk	noun	nor
politiker	noun	swe	politikar	noun	nor
politiker	noun	swe	politiker	noun	nor
polka	noun	swe	polka	noun	nor
pollen	noun	swe	poll	noun	nor
pollett	noun	swe	pollett	noun	nor
polo	noun	swe	polo	noun	nor
polska	noun	swe	polsk	noun	nor
polska	noun	swe	polsk	noun	nor
polsko	noun	swe	polsko	noun	nor
polyester	noun	swe	polyester	noun	nor
polyfoni	noun	swe	polyfoni	noun	nor
polygami	noun	swe	polygami	noun	nor
polygon	noun	swe	polygon	noun	nor
polymer	noun	swe	polymer	noun	nor
polynom	noun	swe	polynom	noun	nor
polyp	noun	swe	polypp	noun	nor
poncho	noun	swe	poncho	noun	nor
pondus	noun	swe	pondus	noun	nor
ponton	noun	swe	pongtong	noun	nor
pool	noun	swe	pool	noun	nor
pop	noun	swe	pop	noun	nor
pop	noun	swe	popp	noun	nor
poplin	noun	swe	poplin	noun	nor
poplåt	noun	swe	poplåt	noun	nor
popmusik	noun	swe	popmusikk	noun	nor
poppel	noun	swe	poppel	noun	nor
popularitet	noun	swe	popularitet	noun	nor
population	noun	swe	populasjon	noun	nor
populist	noun	swe	populist	noun	nor
populärmusik	noun	swe	populærmusikk	noun	nor
porfyr	noun	swe	porfyr	noun	nor
pornografi	noun	swe	pornografi	noun	nor
porositet	noun	swe	porøsitet	noun	nor
pors	noun	swe	pors	noun	nor
port	noun	swe	port	noun	nor
port	noun	swe	porter	noun	nor
portal	noun	swe	portal	noun	nor
portföre	noun	swe	portrom	noun	nor
portgång	noun	swe	portrom	noun	nor
portier	noun	swe	portier	noun	nor
portion	noun	swe	andel	noun	nor
portion	noun	swe	del	noun	nor
portion	noun	swe	porsjon	noun	nor
porto	noun	swe	porto	noun	nor
porträtt	noun	swe	portrett	noun	nor
portugisiska	noun	swe	portugisisk	noun	nor
portvin	noun	swe	portvin	noun	nor
portör	noun	swe	portør	noun	nor
pose	noun	swe	pose	noun	nor
position	noun	swe	posisjon	noun	nor
positiv	noun	swe	positiv	noun	nor
positiv	noun	swe	positiv	noun	nor
positiv	noun	swe	positiv	noun	nor
positiv	noun	swe	positiv	noun	nor
positivism	noun	swe	positivisme	noun	nor
positivist	noun	swe	positivist	noun	nor
post	noun	swe	post	noun	nor
postanstalt	noun	swe	postkontor	noun	nor
postbåt	noun	swe	postbåt	noun	nor
poster	noun	swe	poster	noun	nor
posthorn	noun	swe	posthorn	noun	nor
postkontor	noun	swe	postkontor	noun	nor
postkort	noun	swe	postkort	noun	nor
postnummer	noun	swe	postnummer	noun	nor
postulat	noun	swe	postulat	noun	nor
postverk	noun	swe	postverk	noun	nor
potatis	noun	swe	potet	noun	nor
potatismjöl	noun	swe	potetmel	noun	nor
potatismjöl	noun	swe	potetmjøl	noun	nor
potatismos	noun	swe	potetmos	noun	nor
potatisväxt	noun	swe	potetplante	noun	nor
potens	noun	swe	potens	noun	nor
potentat	noun	swe	potentat	noun	nor
potpurri	noun	swe	potpurri	noun	nor
potpurri	noun	swe	potpurri	noun	nor
pott	noun	swe	pott	noun	nor
poäng	noun	swe	poeng	noun	nor
pragmatik	noun	swe	pragmatikk	noun	nor
pragmatism	noun	swe	pragmatisme	noun	nor
praktexemplar	noun	swe	prakteksemplar	noun	nor
praktik	noun	swe	praksis	noun	nor
praktikant	noun	swe	praktikant	noun	nor
praktverk	noun	swe	praktverk	noun	nor
prassel	noun	swe	rassel	noun	nor
praxis	noun	swe	praksis	noun	nor
precision	noun	swe	presisjon	noun	nor
predikant	noun	swe	predikant	noun	nor
predikat	noun	swe	predikat	noun	nor
predikstol	noun	swe	preikestol	noun	nor
predikstol	noun	swe	prekestol	noun	nor
prefekt	noun	swe	prefekt	noun	nor
preferens	noun	swe	preferanse	noun	nor
prefix	noun	swe	prefiks	noun	nor
prejudikat	noun	swe	prejudikat	noun	nor
prejudikat	noun	swe	presedens	noun	nor
prelat	noun	swe	prelat	noun	nor
preludium	noun	swe	preludium	noun	nor
premie	noun	swe	premie	noun	nor
premium	noun	swe	premie	noun	nor
premiär	noun	swe	premiere	noun	nor
prenumeration	noun	swe	abonnement	noun	nor
preparat	noun	swe	preparat	noun	nor
presenning	noun	swe	presenning	noun	nor
present	noun	swe	gave	noun	nor
present	noun	swe	presang	noun	nor
president	noun	swe	president	noun	nor
presidentval	noun	swe	presidentval	noun	nor
presidentval	noun	swe	presidentvalg	noun	nor
presidium	noun	swe	presidium	noun	nor
press	noun	swe	press	noun	nor
press	noun	swe	press	noun	nor
press	noun	swe	presse	noun	nor
pressbyrå	noun	swe	pressebyrå	noun	nor
prestation	noun	swe	prestasjon	noun	nor
prestige	noun	swe	prestisje	noun	nor
preventivmedel	noun	swe	prevensjonsmiddel	noun	nor
prick	noun	swe	prikk	noun	nor
prick	noun	swe	prikk	noun	nor
prickare	noun	swe	prikk	noun	nor
prickare	noun	swe	prikk	noun	nor
prim	noun	swe	prim	noun	nor
primas	noun	swe	primas	noun	nor
primat	noun	swe	primat	noun	nor
primer	noun	swe	primer	noun	nor
primfaktor	noun	swe	primfaktor	noun	nor
primitivitet	noun	swe	primitivitet	noun	nor
primtal	noun	swe	primtal	noun	nor
primtal	noun	swe	primtall	noun	nor
primus	noun	swe	primus	noun	nor
princip	noun	swe	prinsipp	noun	nor
prins	noun	swe	prins	noun	nor
prinsessa	noun	swe	prinsesse	noun	nor
prior	noun	swe	prior	noun	nor
prioritet	noun	swe	prioritet	noun	nor
pris	noun	swe	pris	noun	nor
pris	noun	swe	pris	noun	nor
pris	noun	swe	pris	noun	nor
pris	noun	swe	pris	noun	nor
priskontroll	noun	swe	priskontroll	noun	nor
prislapp	noun	swe	prislapp	noun	nor
prispress	noun	swe	prispress	noun	nor
privatbank	noun	swe	privatbank	noun	nor
privatbil	noun	swe	privatbil	noun	nor
privatdetektiv	noun	swe	privatdetektiv	noun	nor
privatist	noun	swe	privatist	noun	nor
privatliv	noun	swe	privatliv	noun	nor
privatperson	noun	swe	privatperson	noun	nor
privilegium	noun	swe	privilegium	noun	nor
problem	noun	swe	problem	noun	nor
problematik	noun	swe	problematikk	noun	nor
problemkomplex	noun	swe	problemkompleks	noun	nor
procedur	noun	swe	prosedyre	noun	nor
procent	noun	swe	prosent	noun	nor
process	noun	swe	prosess	noun	nor
process	noun	swe	sakførsel	noun	nor
processindustri	noun	swe	prosessindustri	noun	nor
procession	noun	swe	prosesjon	noun	nor
processor	noun	swe	prosessor	noun	nor
producent	noun	swe	produsent	noun	nor
produkt	noun	swe	produkt	noun	nor
produktion	noun	swe	avdrått	noun	nor
produktion	noun	swe	produksjon	noun	nor
produktionsfaktor	noun	swe	produksjonsfaktor	noun	nor
produktionskostnad	noun	swe	produksjonskostnad	noun	nor
produktionsmedel	noun	swe	produksjonsmiddel	noun	nor
produktivitet	noun	swe	produktivitet	noun	nor
prof	noun	swe	proff	noun	nor
profession	noun	swe	profesjon	noun	nor
professionalism	noun	swe	profesjonalisme	noun	nor
professionalism	noun	swe	profesjonalitet	noun	nor
professor	noun	swe	professor	noun	nor
profet	noun	swe	profet	noun	nor
profetia	noun	swe	profeti	noun	nor
profil	noun	swe	profil	noun	nor
profil	noun	swe	profil	noun	nor
profit	noun	swe	profitt	noun	nor
profitör	noun	swe	profitør	noun	nor
prognos	noun	swe	prognose	noun	nor
program	noun	swe	program	noun	nor
programkod	noun	swe	kildekode	noun	nor
programkod	noun	swe	kjeldekode	noun	nor
programledare	noun	swe	programleder	noun	nor
programledare	noun	swe	programleiar	noun	nor
programmeringsspråk	noun	swe	programmeringsspråk	noun	nor
programvara	noun	swe	dataprogram	noun	nor
progression	noun	swe	progresjon	noun	nor
projekt	noun	swe	projekt	noun	nor
projekt	noun	swe	prosjekt	noun	nor
projektil	noun	swe	prosjektil	noun	nor
projektion	noun	swe	projeksjon	noun	nor
projektor	noun	swe	projektor	noun	nor
projektör	noun	swe	projektør	noun	nor
projektör	noun	swe	prosjektør	noun	nor
proklamation	noun	swe	proklamasjon	noun	nor
prokurator	noun	swe	prokurator	noun	nor
prolaps	noun	swe	prolaps	noun	nor
prolog	noun	swe	prolog	noun	nor
promenad	noun	swe	promenade	noun	nor
promenad	noun	swe	spasertur	noun	nor
promille	noun	swe	promille	noun	nor
prominens	noun	swe	prominens	noun	nor
promiskuitet	noun	swe	promiskuitet	noun	nor
promotor	noun	swe	promotor	noun	nor
propaganda	noun	swe	propaganda	noun	nor
propagandist	noun	swe	propagandist	noun	nor
propeller	noun	swe	propell	noun	nor
proportion	noun	swe	proporsjon	noun	nor
proportional	noun	swe	proporsjonal	noun	nor
proportionalitet	noun	swe	proporsjonalitet	noun	nor
proposition	noun	swe	proposisjon	noun	nor
proprietär	noun	swe	proprietær	noun	nor
prorektor	noun	swe	prorektor	noun	nor
prosa	noun	swe	prosa	noun	nor
prosaist	noun	swe	prosaist	noun	nor
proselyt	noun	swe	proselytt	noun	nor
prospekt	noun	swe	prospekt	noun	nor
prost	noun	swe	prost	noun	nor
prostata	noun	swe	prostata	noun	nor
prostitution	noun	swe	prostitusjon	noun	nor
protagonist	noun	swe	protagonist	noun	nor
protegé	noun	swe	protegé	noun	nor
protegé	noun	swe	protesjé	noun	nor
protein	noun	swe	protein	noun	nor
protektionism	noun	swe	proteksjonisme	noun	nor
protektor	noun	swe	protektor	noun	nor
protektorat	noun	swe	protektorat	noun	nor
protest	noun	swe	protest	noun	nor
protestaktion	noun	swe	protestaksjon	noun	nor
protestant	noun	swe	protestant	noun	nor
protokoll	noun	swe	protokoll	noun	nor
proton	noun	swe	proton	noun	nor
prototyp	noun	swe	prototyp	noun	nor
prov	noun	swe	bevis	noun	nor
prov	noun	swe	prøve	noun	nor
provglas	noun	swe	reagensglas	noun	nor
provglas	noun	swe	reagensglass	noun	nor
proviant	noun	swe	proviant	noun	nor
provins	noun	swe	provins	noun	nor
provision	noun	swe	provisjon	noun	nor
provisorium	noun	swe	provisorium	noun	nor
provokation	noun	swe	provokasjon	noun	nor
provokatör	noun	swe	provokatør	noun	nor
provrum	noun	swe	prøverom	noun	nor
prydnad	noun	swe	pryd	noun	nor
prygel	noun	swe	pryl	noun	nor
pryttel	noun	swe	ting	noun	nor
pryttel	noun	swe	ting	noun	nor
prägel	noun	swe	preg	noun	nor
prärie	noun	swe	prærie	noun	nor
präriehund	noun	swe	præriehund	noun	nor
präst	noun	swe	pope	noun	nor
präst	noun	swe	prest	noun	nor
prästerskap	noun	swe	presteskap	noun	nor
prästgård	noun	swe	prestegard	noun	nor
prästrock	noun	swe	prestekjole	noun	nor
pråm	noun	swe	pram	noun	nor
prövning	noun	swe	prøvelse	noun	nor
psalm	noun	swe	salme	noun	nor
psalmbok	noun	swe	salmebok	noun	nor
pseudonym	noun	swe	pseudonym	noun	nor
pseudonym	noun	swe	pseudonym	noun	nor
psoriasis	noun	swe	psoriasis	noun	nor
psykiater	noun	swe	psykiater	noun	nor
psykiatri	noun	swe	psykiatri	noun	nor
psykiatriker	noun	swe	psykiater	noun	nor
psykoanalys	noun	swe	psykoanalyse	noun	nor
psykolog	noun	swe	psykolog	noun	nor
psykologi	noun	swe	psykologi	noun	nor
psykopat	noun	swe	psykopat	noun	nor
psykopati	noun	swe	psykopati	noun	nor
psykos	noun	swe	psykose	noun	nor
psykoterapeut	noun	swe	psykoterapeut	noun	nor
psykoterapi	noun	swe	psykoterapi	noun	nor
pub	noun	swe	kro	noun	nor
pub	noun	swe	pub	noun	nor
pubertet	noun	swe	pubertet	noun	nor
publicist	noun	swe	publisist	noun	nor
publicitet	noun	swe	publisitet	noun	nor
publik	noun	swe	publikum	noun	nor
publikation	noun	swe	publikasjon	noun	nor
puck	noun	swe	puck	noun	nor
puckelrygg	noun	swe	pukkelrygg	noun	nor
pudding	noun	swe	pudding	noun	nor
puder	noun	swe	pudder	noun	nor
puff	noun	swe	puff	noun	nor
puffärm	noun	swe	pufferme	noun	nor
puka	noun	swe	pauke	noun	nor
pulpa	noun	swe	pulp	noun	nor
puls	noun	swe	puls	noun	nor
pulsar	noun	swe	pulsar	noun	nor
pulsslag	noun	swe	pulsslag	noun	nor
pult	noun	swe	pult	noun	nor
puma	noun	swe	puma	noun	nor
pumps	noun	swe	pumps	noun	nor
punch	noun	swe	punch	noun	nor
punch	noun	swe	punsj	noun	nor
pund	noun	swe	pund	noun	nor
pung	noun	swe	pung	noun	nor
punk	noun	swe	punk	noun	nor
punk	noun	swe	pønk	noun	nor
punkt	noun	swe	punkt	noun	nor
punktur	noun	swe	punktur	noun	nor
pupill	noun	swe	pupill	noun	nor
puppa	noun	swe	kokong	noun	nor
purist	noun	swe	purist	noun	nor
purjolök	noun	swe	purre	noun	nor
purjolök	noun	swe	purrelauk	noun	nor
purjolök	noun	swe	purreløk	noun	nor
purser	noun	swe	purser	noun	nor
puré	noun	swe	puré	noun	nor
puss	noun	swe	kyss	noun	nor
puss	noun	swe	kyss	noun	nor
pust	noun	swe	gufs	noun	nor
pust	noun	swe	gufs	noun	nor
pust	noun	swe	pust	noun	nor
putt	noun	swe	putt	noun	nor
putte	noun	swe	barn	noun	nor
puttefnask	noun	swe	purk	noun	nor
pygmé	noun	swe	pygmé	noun	nor
pyjamas	noun	swe	pyjamas	noun	nor
pynt	noun	swe	pynt	noun	nor
pynt	noun	swe	pynt	noun	nor
pyramid	noun	swe	pyramide	noun	nor
pyroman	noun	swe	pyroman	noun	nor
pyromani	noun	swe	pyromani	noun	nor
pyroteknik	noun	swe	pyroteknikk	noun	nor
pyssel	noun	swe	tidsfordriv	noun	nor
päls	noun	swe	fell	noun	nor
päls	noun	swe	pels	noun	nor
päls	noun	swe	skinn	noun	nor
pälsverk	noun	swe	pelsverk	noun	nor
pärla	noun	swe	perle	noun	nor
päron	noun	swe	pære	noun	nor
påbud	noun	swe	påbod	noun	nor
påbud	noun	swe	påbud	noun	nor
påbyggnad	noun	swe	påbygg	noun	nor
påbyggnad	noun	swe	tilbygg	noun	nor
påbyggnad	noun	swe	tilbygning	noun	nor
påfund	noun	swe	jippo	noun	nor
påfund	noun	swe	påfunn	noun	nor
påföljd	noun	swe	fylgd	noun	nor
påföljd	noun	swe	fylgje	noun	nor
påföljd	noun	swe	fylgje	noun	nor
påföljd	noun	swe	følgd	noun	nor
påföljd	noun	swe	følge	noun	nor
påföljd	noun	swe	følge	noun	nor
påföljd	noun	swe	følgje	noun	nor
påföljd	noun	swe	følgje	noun	nor
påföljd	noun	swe	konsekvens	noun	nor
påhitt	noun	swe	jippo	noun	nor
påhitt	noun	swe	påfunn	noun	nor
påhopp	noun	swe	angrep	noun	nor
påhopp	noun	swe	attakk	noun	nor
påhopp	noun	swe	åtak	noun	nor
påklädning	noun	swe	påkledning	noun	nor
pålaga	noun	swe	pålegg	noun	nor
pålandsvind	noun	swe	pålandsvind	noun	nor
påminnelse	noun	swe	påminning	noun	nor
påse	noun	swe	pose	noun	nor
påsk	noun	swe	påske	noun	nor
påskalamm	noun	swe	påskelam	noun	nor
påslakan	noun	swe	dynetrekk	noun	nor
påstående	noun	swe	påstand	noun	nor
påve	noun	swe	pave	noun	nor
påverkan	noun	swe	påverknad	noun	nor
påverkan	noun	swe	påvirkning	noun	nor
pöbel	noun	swe	mobb	noun	nor
pöbel	noun	swe	pøbel	noun	nor
pöl	noun	swe	pøl	noun	nor
quisling	noun	swe	quisling	noun	nor
rabalder	noun	swe	rabalder	noun	nor
rabarber	noun	swe	rabarbra	noun	nor
rabatt	noun	swe	rabatt	noun	nor
rabbi	noun	swe	rabbi	noun	nor
rabies	noun	swe	rabies	noun	nor
rabulist	noun	swe	rabulist	noun	nor
racer	noun	swe	racer	noun	nor
racerbil	noun	swe	racerbil	noun	nor
racercykel	noun	swe	racersykkel	noun	nor
rad	noun	swe	linje	noun	nor
rad	noun	swe	rekke	noun	nor
rad	noun	swe	rekke	noun	nor
radar	noun	swe	radar	noun	nor
radarskärm	noun	swe	radarskjerm	noun	nor
radering	noun	swe	radering	noun	nor
radhus	noun	swe	rekkehus	noun	nor
radiator	noun	swe	radiator	noun	nor
radie	noun	swe	radius	noun	nor
radikal	noun	swe	radikal	noun	nor
radikalism	noun	swe	radikalisme	noun	nor
radio	noun	swe	radio	noun	nor
radioaktivitet	noun	swe	radioaktivitet	noun	nor
radiobil	noun	swe	radiobil	noun	nor
radiolog	noun	swe	radiolog	noun	nor
radiostation	noun	swe	radiostasjon	noun	nor
radioteknik	noun	swe	radioteknikk	noun	nor
raffinaderi	noun	swe	raffineri	noun	nor
raffinemang	noun	swe	raffinement	noun	nor
ragtime	noun	swe	ragtime	noun	nor
ragu	noun	swe	ragu	noun	nor
raja	noun	swe	raja	noun	nor
rakapparat	noun	swe	barbermaskin	noun	nor
raket	noun	swe	rakett	noun	nor
raketfart	noun	swe	rakettfart	noun	nor
raketmotor	noun	swe	rakettmotor	noun	nor
rakhyvel	noun	swe	barberhøvel	noun	nor
rally	noun	swe	rally	noun	nor
rallycross	noun	swe	rallycross	noun	nor
ram	noun	swe	ramme	noun	nor
ram	noun	swe	råme	noun	nor
ramaskri	noun	swe	ramaskrik	noun	nor
ramp	noun	swe	rampe	noun	nor
rampljus	noun	swe	rampelys	noun	nor
ranch	noun	swe	ranch	noun	nor
rand	noun	swe	rand	noun	nor
randhav	noun	swe	innhav	noun	nor
rang	noun	swe	rang	noun	nor
ranger	noun	swe	ranger	noun	nor
ranunkel	noun	swe	ranunkel	noun	nor
rap	noun	swe	rapp	noun	nor
rappakalja	noun	swe	sludder	noun	nor
rappakalja	noun	swe	tøv	noun	nor
rapport	noun	swe	rapport	noun	nor
rapportör	noun	swe	rapportør	noun	nor
raps	noun	swe	raps	noun	nor
raritet	noun	swe	raritet	noun	nor
ras	noun	swe	ras	noun	nor
ras	noun	swe	race	noun	nor
ras	noun	swe	ras	noun	nor
ras	noun	swe	rase	noun	nor
raseri	noun	swe	raseri	noun	nor
rashat	noun	swe	rasehat	noun	nor
rasism	noun	swe	rasisme	noun	nor
rasist	noun	swe	rasist	noun	nor
rast	noun	swe	pause	noun	nor
rastafari	noun	swe	rastafari	noun	nor
rastplats	noun	swe	rasteplass	noun	nor
rate	noun	swe	rate	noun	nor
ratifikation	noun	swe	ratifikasjon	noun	nor
ration	noun	swe	rasjon	noun	nor
rationalism	noun	swe	rasjonalisme	noun	nor
rationalist	noun	swe	rasjonalist	noun	nor
ratt	noun	swe	ratt	noun	nor
rattstång	noun	swe	rattgir	noun	nor
razzia	noun	swe	rassia	noun	nor
razzia	noun	swe	razzia	noun	nor
reaktion	noun	swe	reaksjon	noun	nor
reaktor	noun	swe	reaktor	noun	nor
real	noun	swe	real	noun	nor
realisation	noun	swe	realisasjon	noun	nor
realism	noun	swe	realisme	noun	nor
realist	noun	swe	realist	noun	nor
realitet	noun	swe	realitet	noun	nor
realpolitik	noun	swe	realpolitikk	noun	nor
realskola	noun	swe	realskole	noun	nor
rebell	noun	swe	rebell	noun	nor
rebus	noun	swe	rebus	noun	nor
recept	noun	swe	oppskrift	noun	nor
recept	noun	swe	resept	noun	nor
reception	noun	swe	resepsjon	noun	nor
receptionist	noun	swe	resepsjonist	noun	nor
recession	noun	swe	resesjon	noun	nor
recipient	noun	swe	resipient	noun	nor
reciprocitet	noun	swe	resiprositet	noun	nor
recitation	noun	swe	resitasjon	noun	nor
reda	noun	swe	reir	noun	nor
redaktion	noun	swe	redaksjon	noun	nor
redaktör	noun	swe	redaktør	noun	nor
rede	noun	swe	reir	noun	nor
redigering	noun	swe	redigering	noun	nor
redogörelse	noun	swe	forklaring	noun	nor
redogörelse	noun	swe	redegjørelse	noun	nor
redogörelse	noun	swe	utgreiing	noun	nor
redovisning	noun	swe	rapport	noun	nor
redskap	noun	swe	redskap	noun	nor
redskap	noun	swe	redskap	noun	nor
redskap	noun	swe	reiskap	noun	nor
redskap	noun	swe	turnapparat	noun	nor
reduktion	noun	swe	reduksjon	noun	nor
referat	noun	swe	referat	noun	nor
referens	noun	swe	referanse	noun	nor
referent	noun	swe	referent	noun	nor
reflektor	noun	swe	reflektor	noun	nor
reflex	noun	swe	refleks	noun	nor
reflexion	noun	swe	refleksjon	noun	nor
reform	noun	swe	reform	noun	nor
reformation	noun	swe	reformasjon	noun	nor
reformator	noun	swe	reformator	noun	nor
reformering	noun	swe	reform	noun	nor
reformering	noun	swe	reform	noun	nor
reformist	noun	swe	reformist	noun	nor
regel	noun	swe	regel	noun	nor
regelverk	noun	swe	regelverk	noun	nor
regemente	noun	swe	regiment	noun	nor
regent	noun	swe	regent	noun	nor
regering	noun	swe	regjering	noun	nor
regeringschef	noun	swe	regjeringssjef	noun	nor
reggae	noun	swe	reggae	noun	nor
regi	noun	swe	regi	noun	nor
region	noun	swe	region	noun	nor
regionalism	noun	swe	regionalisme	noun	nor
regionplan	noun	swe	regionplan	noun	nor
regissör	noun	swe	regissør	noun	nor
register	noun	swe	register	noun	nor
registerton	noun	swe	registertonn	noun	nor
registrator	noun	swe	registrator	noun	nor
registrering	noun	swe	registrering	noun	nor
reglemente	noun	swe	reglement	noun	nor
regn	noun	swe	regn	noun	nor
regnbåge	noun	swe	regnboge	noun	nor
regnbåge	noun	swe	regnbue	noun	nor
regnkappa	noun	swe	regnfrakk	noun	nor
regnskog	noun	swe	regnskog	noun	nor
regnställ	noun	swe	regntøy	noun	nor
regnstänk	noun	swe	regndråpe	noun	nor
regress	noun	swe	regress	noun	nor
regression	noun	swe	regresjon	noun	nor
regularitet	noun	swe	regularitet	noun	nor
regulator	noun	swe	regulator	noun	nor
reinkarnation	noun	swe	reinkarnasjon	noun	nor
rek	noun	swe	rek	noun	nor
reklam	noun	swe	reklame	noun	nor
reklamation	noun	swe	reklamasjon	noun	nor
rekommendation	noun	swe	anbefaling	noun	nor
rekonstruktion	noun	swe	rekonstruksjon	noun	nor
rekonvalescens	noun	swe	rekonvalesens	noun	nor
rekord	noun	swe	rekord	noun	nor
rekreation	noun	swe	rekreasjon	noun	nor
rekryt	noun	swe	rekrutt	noun	nor
rektangel	noun	swe	firkant	noun	nor
rektangel	noun	swe	rektangel	noun	nor
rektor	noun	swe	rektor	noun	nor
rekvisition	noun	swe	rekvisisjon	noun	nor
rekyl	noun	swe	rekyl	noun	nor
relation	noun	swe	relasjon	noun	nor
relativist	noun	swe	relativist	noun	nor
relativpronomen	noun	swe	relativ	noun	nor
release	noun	swe	utgave	noun	nor
release	noun	swe	utgåve	noun	nor
relevans	noun	swe	relevans	noun	nor
relief	noun	swe	relieff	noun	nor
religion	noun	swe	religion	noun	nor
religionsfilosofi	noun	swe	religionsfilosofi	noun	nor
religiositet	noun	swe	religiøsitet	noun	nor
reminiscens	noun	swe	reminisens	noun	nor
remis	noun	swe	remis	noun	nor
remiss	noun	swe	henvisning	noun	nor
remiss	noun	swe	tilvisning	noun	nor
remouladsås	noun	swe	remulade	noun	nor
remsa	noun	swe	stripe	noun	nor
ren	noun	swe	rein	noun	nor
ren	noun	swe	reinsdyr	noun	nor
rendrift	noun	swe	reindrift	noun	nor
rening	noun	swe	reinsing	noun	nor
rening	noun	swe	rensing	noun	nor
renommé	noun	swe	renommé	noun	nor
renovation	noun	swe	renovasjon	noun	nor
rensning	noun	swe	reinsing	noun	nor
rensning	noun	swe	rensing	noun	nor
renässans	noun	swe	renessanse	noun	nor
reol	noun	swe	reol	noun	nor
rep	noun	swe	tau	noun	nor
repa	noun	swe	ripe	noun	nor
repa	noun	swe	riss	noun	nor
reparation	noun	swe	reparasjon	noun	nor
reparatör	noun	swe	reparatør	noun	nor
repetergevär	noun	swe	repetergevær	noun	nor
repetition	noun	swe	repetisjon	noun	nor
replik	noun	swe	replikk	noun	nor
reporter	noun	swe	reporter	noun	nor
representant	noun	swe	representant	noun	nor
repressalie	noun	swe	represalie	noun	nor
repression	noun	swe	represjon	noun	nor
reprimand	noun	swe	reprimande	noun	nor
reproduktion	noun	swe	reproduksjon	noun	nor
republik	noun	swe	republikk	noun	nor
resa	noun	swe	reis	noun	nor
resa	noun	swe	reise	noun	nor
rese	noun	swe	reise	noun	nor
resecheck	noun	swe	reisesjekk	noun	nor
reserv	noun	swe	reserve	noun	nor
reservat	noun	swe	reservat	noun	nor
reservation	noun	swe	reservasjon	noun	nor
reservdel	noun	swe	reservedel	noun	nor
reservofficer	noun	swe	reserveoffiser	noun	nor
resgods	noun	swe	reisegods	noun	nor
residens	noun	swe	residens	noun	nor
resignation	noun	swe	resignasjon	noun	nor
resignering	noun	swe	resignasjon	noun	nor
resistans	noun	swe	resistans	noun	nor
resistens	noun	swe	resistens	noun	nor
resmål	noun	swe	reisemål	noun	nor
resolution	noun	swe	resolusjon	noun	nor
resonans	noun	swe	resonans	noun	nor
resonemang	noun	swe	resonnement	noun	nor
resonemangsparti	noun	swe	fornuftsekteskap	noun	nor
respekt	noun	swe	respekt	noun	nor
respiration	noun	swe	respirasjon	noun	nor
respirator	noun	swe	respirator	noun	nor
respondent	noun	swe	respondent	noun	nor
respons	noun	swe	respons	noun	nor
rest	noun	swe	rest	noun	nor
restaurang	noun	swe	restaurant	noun	nor
restauration	noun	swe	restaurasjon	noun	nor
restauratör	noun	swe	restauratør	noun	nor
restaurering	noun	swe	restaurering	noun	nor
restitution	noun	swe	restitusjon	noun	nor
restriktion	noun	swe	restriksjon	noun	nor
restskatt	noun	swe	restskatt	noun	nor
resultant	noun	swe	resultant	noun	nor
resultat	noun	swe	resultat	noun	nor
resurs	noun	swe	ressurs	noun	nor
resurs	noun	swe	resurs	noun	nor
retardation	noun	swe	retardasjon	noun	nor
retina	noun	swe	retina	noun	nor
retning	noun	swe	lei	noun	nor
retning	noun	swe	retning	noun	nor
retorik	noun	swe	retorikk	noun	nor
retriever	noun	swe	retriever	noun	nor
retsina	noun	swe	retsina	noun	nor
retsina	noun	swe	rettsin	noun	nor
retur	noun	swe	retur	noun	nor
returmatch	noun	swe	returkamp	noun	nor
rev	noun	swe	rev	noun	nor
rev	noun	swe	rev	noun	nor
rev	noun	swe	rev	noun	nor
rev	noun	swe	rev	noun	nor
revelj	noun	swe	revelje	noun	nor
revers	noun	swe	gjeldsbrev	noun	nor
revir	noun	swe	revir	noun	nor
revision	noun	swe	revisjon	noun	nor
revisionist	noun	swe	revisjonist	noun	nor
revisor	noun	swe	revisor	noun	nor
revolution	noun	swe	revolusjon	noun	nor
revolutionär	noun	swe	revolusjonær	noun	nor
revolver	noun	swe	revolver	noun	nor
revy	noun	swe	revy	noun	nor
rh-faktor	noun	swe	rh-faktor	noun	nor
ridhäst	noun	swe	ridehest	noun	nor
ridskola	noun	swe	rideskole	noun	nor
ridå	noun	swe	forheng	noun	nor
riff	noun	swe	riff	noun	nor
rigg	noun	swe	rigg	noun	nor
rike	noun	swe	rike	noun	nor
rikedom	noun	swe	rikdom	noun	nor
rikeman	noun	swe	rikmann	noun	nor
riksdag	noun	swe	riksdag	noun	nor
riksgenomsnitt	noun	swe	landsgjennomsnitt	noun	nor
riksmål	noun	swe	riksmål	noun	nor
riksorganisation	noun	swe	landsorganisasjon	noun	nor
riksrätt	noun	swe	riksrett	noun	nor
riksväg	noun	swe	riksveg	noun	nor
riksväg	noun	swe	riksvei	noun	nor
riksåklagare	noun	swe	riksadvokat	noun	nor
riktning	noun	swe	lei	noun	nor
riktning	noun	swe	retning	noun	nor
rimfrost	noun	swe	rimfrost	noun	nor
ring	noun	swe	ring	noun	nor
ring	noun	swe	ring	noun	nor
ring	noun	swe	ring	noun	nor
ring	noun	swe	ring	noun	nor
ringdans	noun	swe	runddans	noun	nor
ringfinger	noun	swe	ringfinger	noun	nor
ringorm	noun	swe	ringorm	noun	nor
ringrev	noun	swe	ringrev	noun	nor
ris	noun	swe	ris	noun	nor
ris	noun	swe	ris	noun	nor
risk	noun	swe	risiko	noun	nor
risk	noun	swe	risk	noun	nor
risotto	noun	swe	risotto	noun	nor
rispa	noun	swe	risp	noun	nor
rit	noun	swe	rite	noun	nor
ritning	noun	swe	tegning	noun	nor
ritt	noun	swe	ritt	noun	nor
ritual	noun	swe	ritual	noun	nor
ritual	noun	swe	rituale	noun	nor
ritualmord	noun	swe	ritualmord	noun	nor
rival	noun	swe	rival	noun	nor
rivalitet	noun	swe	rivalitet	noun	nor
rivning	noun	swe	rivning	noun	nor
ro	noun	swe	ro	noun	nor
robe	noun	swe	robe	noun	nor
robot	noun	swe	robot	noun	nor
rock	noun	swe	rock	noun	nor
rockad	noun	swe	rokade	noun	nor
rodd	noun	swe	roing	noun	nor
rodeo	noun	swe	rodeo	noun	nor
rododendron	noun	swe	rododendron	noun	nor
rojalist	noun	swe	rojalist	noun	nor
rokoko	noun	swe	rokokko	noun	nor
roll	noun	swe	roll	noun	nor
roll	noun	swe	rolle	noun	nor
rom	noun	swe	rogn	noun	nor
rom	noun	swe	rom	noun	nor
roman	noun	swe	roman	noun	nor
romani	noun	swe	romani	noun	nor
romani	noun	swe	romani	noun	nor
romantik	noun	swe	romantikk	noun	nor
romare	noun	swe	romar	noun	nor
romare	noun	swe	romer	noun	nor
romb	noun	swe	rombe	noun	nor
rond	noun	swe	runde	noun	nor
rondell	noun	swe	rondell	noun	nor
rondo	noun	swe	rondo	noun	nor
rop	noun	swe	rop	noun	nor
roquefort	noun	swe	roquefort	noun	nor
ros	noun	swe	godlåt	noun	nor
ros	noun	swe	godord	noun	nor
ros	noun	swe	rose	noun	nor
ros	noun	swe	skryt	noun	nor
rosenkrans	noun	swe	rosenkrans	noun	nor
rosenkål	noun	swe	rosenkål	noun	nor
rosett	noun	swe	rosett	noun	nor
rosmarin	noun	swe	rosmarin	noun	nor
rost	noun	swe	rust	noun	nor
rostbiff	noun	swe	roastbiff	noun	nor
rot	noun	swe	rot	noun	nor
rot	noun	swe	rot	noun	nor
rotation	noun	swe	rotasjon	noun	nor
rotknöl	noun	swe	rotknoll	noun	nor
rotor	noun	swe	rotor	noun	nor
rotting	noun	swe	rotting	noun	nor
rottråd	noun	swe	rot	noun	nor
rottråd	noun	swe	rot	noun	nor
rottweiler	noun	swe	rottweiler	noun	nor
rouge	noun	swe	rouge	noun	nor
roulett	noun	swe	rulett	noun	nor
rov	noun	swe	rov	noun	nor
rovdjur	noun	swe	predator	noun	nor
rovdjur	noun	swe	rovdyr	noun	nor
rovfisk	noun	swe	rovfisk	noun	nor
rovfiske	noun	swe	rovfiske	noun	nor
rovfågel	noun	swe	rovfugl	noun	nor
royalty	noun	swe	royalty	noun	nor
rubel	noun	swe	rubel	noun	nor
rubin	noun	swe	rubin	noun	nor
rubrik	noun	swe	overskrift	noun	nor
rufs	noun	swe	rufs	noun	nor
rugby	noun	swe	rugby	noun	nor
rugge	noun	swe	holm	noun	nor
rugge	noun	swe	holme	noun	nor
ruin	noun	swe	ruin	noun	nor
rulla	noun	swe	rull	noun	nor
rullbräde	noun	swe	rullebrett	noun	nor
rullbälte	noun	swe	bilbelte	noun	nor
rulle	noun	swe	rull	noun	nor
rullgardin	noun	swe	rullegardin	noun	nor
rullsten	noun	swe	rullestein	noun	nor
rullstol	noun	swe	rullestol	noun	nor
rum	noun	swe	rom	noun	nor
rum	noun	swe	værelse	noun	nor
rumba	noun	swe	rumba	noun	nor
rumpa	noun	swe	rumpe	noun	nor
rumstemperatur	noun	swe	romtemperatur	noun	nor
rumstemperatur	noun	swe	stovetemperatur	noun	nor
rumstemperatur	noun	swe	stuetemperatur	noun	nor
runa	noun	swe	rune	noun	nor
rundgång	noun	swe	rundgang	noun	nor
rundmask	noun	swe	rundorm	noun	nor
rundskrivelse	noun	swe	rundskriv	noun	nor
rundtur	noun	swe	rundtur	noun	nor
rundvandring	noun	swe	rundtur	noun	nor
runolog	noun	swe	runolog	noun	nor
runsten	noun	swe	runestein	noun	nor
rupie	noun	swe	rupi	noun	nor
ruptur	noun	swe	ruptur	noun	nor
rus	noun	swe	rus	noun	nor
rus	noun	swe	rus	noun	nor
rus	noun	swe	russ	noun	nor
rusk	noun	swe	rusk	noun	nor
rusk	noun	swe	røsk	noun	nor
rusning	noun	swe	pågang	noun	nor
rusningstrafik	noun	swe	rushtrafikk	noun	nor
russin	noun	swe	rosin	noun	nor
ruta	noun	swe	rute	noun	nor
rutin	noun	swe	rutine	noun	nor
rutnät	noun	swe	rutenet	noun	nor
rutnät	noun	swe	rutenett	noun	nor
rya	noun	swe	rye	noun	nor
ryck	noun	swe	rykk	noun	nor
ryck	noun	swe	rykk	noun	nor
rygg	noun	swe	rygg	noun	nor
ryggrad	noun	swe	ryggsøyle	noun	nor
ryggradsdjur	noun	swe	ryggbeinsdyr	noun	nor
ryggradsdjur	noun	swe	ryggradsdyr	noun	nor
ryggradsdjur	noun	swe	virveldyr	noun	nor
ryggsäck	noun	swe	rapp	noun	nor
ryggsäck	noun	swe	ryggsekk	noun	nor
rykte	noun	swe	gjetord	noun	nor
rykte	noun	swe	rykte	noun	nor
rymd	noun	swe	rom	noun	nor
rymdfarkost	noun	swe	romfartøy	noun	nor
rymdfart	noun	swe	romfart	noun	nor
rymdraket	noun	swe	romrakett	noun	nor
rymdskepp	noun	swe	romskip	noun	nor
rymdstation	noun	swe	romstasjon	noun	nor
rymling	noun	swe	flyktning	noun	nor
rymling	noun	swe	rømling	noun	nor
rymning	noun	swe	flukt	noun	nor
ryska	noun	swe	russer	noun	nor
ryska	noun	swe	russerinne	noun	nor
ryska	noun	swe	russisk	noun	nor
ryska	noun	swe	russisk	noun	nor
ryss	noun	swe	russar	noun	nor
ryss	noun	swe	russer	noun	nor
rytm	noun	swe	rytme	noun	nor
rytmik	noun	swe	rytmikk	noun	nor
räck	noun	swe	barre	noun	nor
räcka	noun	swe	rad	noun	nor
räcka	noun	swe	rekke	noun	nor
räcka	noun	swe	rekke	noun	nor
räcke	noun	swe	rekkverk	noun	nor
räckhåll	noun	swe	rekkevidde	noun	nor
räckhåll	noun	swe	rekkevidd	noun	nor
räckverk	noun	swe	rekkverk	noun	nor
räckvidd	noun	swe	rekkevidd	noun	nor
räckvidd	noun	swe	rekkevidde	noun	nor
räd	noun	swe	raid	noun	nor
räddningsaktion	noun	swe	redningsaksjon	noun	nor
rädsel	noun	swe	redsel	noun	nor
rädsla	noun	swe	frykt	noun	nor
rädsla	noun	swe	otte	noun	nor
rädsla	noun	swe	redsel	noun	nor
rädsla	noun	swe	redsle	noun	nor
räkel	noun	swe	haug	noun	nor
räkel	noun	swe	høy	noun	nor
räkneord	noun	swe	tallord	noun	nor
räkneord	noun	swe	talord	noun	nor
räkning	noun	swe	regning	noun	nor
räkning	noun	swe	rekning	noun	nor
ränna	noun	swe	bekkefar	noun	nor
ränna	noun	swe	renne	noun	nor
ränta	noun	swe	rente	noun	nor
räntabilitet	noun	swe	rentabilitet	noun	nor
räntefot	noun	swe	rentefot	noun	nor
räntesats	noun	swe	rentesats	noun	nor
rätt	noun	swe	rett	noun	nor
rättighet	noun	swe	rett	noun	nor
rättighet	noun	swe	rettighet	noun	nor
rättsfall	noun	swe	rettssak	noun	nor
rättsmedicin	noun	swe	rettsmedisin	noun	nor
rättsordning	noun	swe	rettsorden	noun	nor
rättssal	noun	swe	rettssal	noun	nor
rättsvetenskap	noun	swe	rettsvitenskap	noun	nor
rättsvetenskap	noun	swe	rettsvitskap	noun	nor
rättvisa	noun	swe	rettferd	noun	nor
rättvisa	noun	swe	rettferdighet	noun	nor
räv	noun	swe	rev	noun	nor
räv	noun	swe	rev	noun	nor
räv	noun	swe	ringrev	noun	nor
rå	noun	swe	rå	noun	nor
råd	noun	swe	nemnd	noun	nor
råd	noun	swe	råd	noun	nor
råd	noun	swe	råte	noun	nor
rådhus	noun	swe	rådhus	noun	nor
rådjur	noun	swe	rådyr	noun	nor
rågbröd	noun	swe	rugbrød	noun	nor
rågmjöl	noun	swe	rugmel	noun	nor
rågmjöl	noun	swe	rugmjøl	noun	nor
rågummi	noun	swe	rågummi	noun	nor
råhet	noun	swe	råskap	noun	nor
råka	noun	swe	kornkråke	noun	nor
råkost	noun	swe	råkost	noun	nor
råmärke	noun	swe	grensemerke	noun	nor
rån	noun	swe	ran	noun	nor
råolja	noun	swe	råolje	noun	nor
råtta	noun	swe	rotte	noun	nor
råvara	noun	swe	råstoff	noun	nor
råvara	noun	swe	råvare	noun	nor
råämne	noun	swe	råstoff	noun	nor
rök	noun	swe	røk	noun	nor
rök	noun	swe	røyk	noun	nor
rökeri	noun	swe	røykeri	noun	nor
rökning	noun	swe	røyking	noun	nor
rön	noun	swe	nyvinning	noun	nor
röntgen	noun	swe	røntgen	noun	nor
rör	noun	swe	rør	noun	nor
rör	noun	swe	røyr	noun	nor
rörelse	noun	swe	bevegelse	noun	nor
rörelse	noun	swe	rørsle	noun	nor
rörsocker	noun	swe	rørsukker	noun	nor
röst	noun	swe	røyst	noun	nor
röst	noun	swe	stemme	noun	nor
röstning	noun	swe	avstemning	noun	nor
rösträtt	noun	swe	røysterett	noun	nor
rösträtt	noun	swe	stemmerett	noun	nor
röv	noun	swe	bakdel	noun	nor
sabb	noun	swe	sabotasje	noun	nor
sabbat	noun	swe	sabbat	noun	nor
sabel	noun	swe	sabel	noun	nor
sabotör	noun	swe	sabotør	noun	nor
sadist	noun	swe	sadist	noun	nor
safari	noun	swe	safari	noun	nor
saffran	noun	swe	safran	noun	nor
safir	noun	swe	safir	noun	nor
saft	noun	swe	saft	noun	nor
saga	noun	swe	eventyr	noun	nor
saga	noun	swe	saga	noun	nor
sak	noun	swe	sak	noun	nor
sak	noun	swe	ting	noun	nor
saknad	noun	swe	sagn	noun	nor
saknad	noun	swe	segn	noun	nor
sakrament	noun	swe	sakrament	noun	nor
sakregister	noun	swe	sakregister	noun	nor
sakristia	noun	swe	sakristi	noun	nor
saké	noun	swe	sake	noun	nor
sal	noun	swe	sal	noun	nor
salamander	noun	swe	salamander	noun	nor
salami	noun	swe	salami	noun	nor
salat	noun	swe	salat	noun	nor
saldo	noun	swe	saldo	noun	nor
sallad	noun	swe	salat	noun	nor
salmiak	noun	swe	salmiakk	noun	nor
salong	noun	swe	aula	noun	nor
salong	noun	swe	salong	noun	nor
saloon	noun	swe	saloon	noun	nor
salpeter	noun	swe	salpeter	noun	nor
salt	noun	swe	koksalt	noun	nor
salt	noun	swe	salt	noun	nor
saltfisk	noun	swe	saltfisk	noun	nor
saltkar	noun	swe	saltkar	noun	nor
saltsten	noun	swe	saltstein	noun	nor
saltvatten	noun	swe	saltvann	noun	nor
saltvatten	noun	swe	saltvatn	noun	nor
saltvattensfisk	noun	swe	saltvannsfisk	noun	nor
saltvattensfisk	noun	swe	saltvassfisk	noun	nor
salut	noun	swe	salutt	noun	nor
salva	noun	swe	salve	noun	nor
salvia	noun	swe	salvie	noun	nor
samarbete	noun	swe	samarbeid	noun	nor
samarbete	noun	swe	samarbeide	noun	nor
samarit	noun	swe	samaritan	noun	nor
samba	noun	swe	samba	noun	nor
samband	noun	swe	forbindelse	noun	nor
samband	noun	swe	samband	noun	nor
sambo	noun	swe	sambo	noun	nor
same	noun	swe	same	noun	nor
samfund	noun	swe	foreining	noun	nor
samfund	noun	swe	forening	noun	nor
samfund	noun	swe	samfunn	noun	nor
samförstånd	noun	swe	enighet	noun	nor
samförstånd	noun	swe	samforstand	noun	nor
samförstånd	noun	swe	semje	noun	nor
samgående	noun	swe	samarbeid	noun	nor
samgående	noun	swe	samarbeide	noun	nor
samhälle	noun	swe	samfunn	noun	nor
samhällsklass	noun	swe	samfunnsklasse	noun	nor
samhällskunskap	noun	swe	sosiologi	noun	nor
samhällsmaskineri	noun	swe	samfunnsmaskineri	noun	nor
samhällsproblem	noun	swe	samfunnsproblem	noun	nor
samklang	noun	swe	samklang	noun	nor
samlag	noun	swe	samlag	noun	nor
samlag	noun	swe	samleie	noun	nor
samlare	noun	swe	samlar	noun	nor
samlare	noun	swe	samler	noun	nor
samlevnad	noun	swe	samliv	noun	nor
samling	noun	swe	samling	noun	nor
samliv	noun	swe	samliv	noun	nor
sammanfogning	noun	swe	skaut	noun	nor
sammanfogning	noun	swe	skjøt	noun	nor
sammanfogning	noun	swe	skøyt	noun	nor
sammanhang	noun	swe	samanheng	noun	nor
sammanhang	noun	swe	samband	noun	nor
sammanhang	noun	swe	sammenheng	noun	nor
sammanslagning	noun	swe	sammenslåing	noun	nor
sammanslutning	noun	swe	samvirke	noun	nor
sammanslutning	noun	swe	samvirkelag	noun	nor
sammansättning	noun	swe	samansetting	noun	nor
sammansättning	noun	swe	sammensetning	noun	nor
sammanträde	noun	swe	møte	noun	nor
samojed	noun	swe	samojed	noun	nor
samovar	noun	swe	samovar	noun	nor
samråd	noun	swe	samråd	noun	nor
samröre	noun	swe	samkvem	noun	nor
samtal	noun	swe	prat	noun	nor
samtal	noun	swe	ròde	noun	nor
samtal	noun	swe	røde	noun	nor
samtal	noun	swe	samtale	noun	nor
samtid	noun	swe	samtid	noun	nor
samtycke	noun	swe	samtykke	noun	nor
samvaro	noun	swe	samvær	noun	nor
samverkan	noun	swe	samarbeid	noun	nor
samverkan	noun	swe	samarbeide	noun	nor
samvete	noun	swe	samvittighet	noun	nor
samvetsfrid	noun	swe	sjelefred	noun	nor
samvetsro	noun	swe	sjelefred	noun	nor
sanatorium	noun	swe	sanatorium	noun	nor
sand	noun	swe	sand	noun	nor
sandal	noun	swe	sandal	noun	nor
sandbank	noun	swe	sandbanke	noun	nor
sandel	noun	swe	sandel	noun	nor
sandflundra	noun	swe	ising	noun	nor
sandhed	noun	swe	sannhet	noun	nor
sandhed	noun	swe	sanning	noun	nor
sandkorn	noun	swe	sandkorn	noun	nor
sandskädda	noun	swe	ising	noun	nor
sandsten	noun	swe	sandstein	noun	nor
sandstorm	noun	swe	sandstorm	noun	nor
sandsäck	noun	swe	sandsekk	noun	nor
sandwich	noun	swe	sandwich	noun	nor
sang	noun	swe	sang	noun	nor
sang	noun	swe	song	noun	nor
sanitet	noun	swe	sanitet	noun	nor
sanktbernhardshund	noun	swe	sanktbernhardshund	noun	nor
sanktion	noun	swe	sanksjon	noun	nor
sanning	noun	swe	sannhet	noun	nor
sanning	noun	swe	sanning	noun	nor
sannolikhet	noun	swe	sannsyn	noun	nor
sannolikhet	noun	swe	sannsynlighet	noun	nor
sans	noun	swe	sans	noun	nor
sansning	noun	swe	sansing	noun	nor
sardin	noun	swe	sardin	noun	nor
sari	noun	swe	sari	noun	nor
sarkofag	noun	swe	sarkofag	noun	nor
satan	noun	swe	satan	noun	nor
satanist	noun	swe	satanist	noun	nor
sate	noun	swe	stakkar	noun	nor
satellit	noun	swe	satellitt	noun	nor
satellitstat	noun	swe	satellittstat	noun	nor
satir	noun	swe	satire	noun	nor
sats	noun	swe	sats	noun	nor
sats	noun	swe	setning	noun	nor
sats	noun	swe	setning	noun	nor
satsning	noun	swe	satsing	noun	nor
satyr	noun	swe	satyr	noun	nor
sauna	noun	swe	sauna	noun	nor
savann	noun	swe	savanne	noun	nor
saxofon	noun	swe	saksofon	noun	nor
saxsprint	noun	swe	splitt	noun	nor
scen	noun	swe	scene	noun	nor
scenario	noun	swe	scenario	noun	nor
scenograf	noun	swe	scenograf	noun	nor
scenografi	noun	swe	scenografi	noun	nor
schablon	noun	swe	mal	noun	nor
schablon	noun	swe	sjablon	noun	nor
schablon	noun	swe	sjablong	noun	nor
schablon	noun	swe	skabelon	noun	nor
schack	noun	swe	sjakk	noun	nor
schaktmaskin	noun	swe	gravemaskin	noun	nor
schejk	noun	swe	sjeik	noun	nor
schema	noun	swe	skjema	noun	nor
scherzo	noun	swe	scherzo	noun	nor
schilling	noun	swe	schilling	noun	nor
schimpans	noun	swe	sjimpanse	noun	nor
schizofreni	noun	swe	schizofreni	noun	nor
schlager	noun	swe	slager	noun	nor
schnauzer	noun	swe	schnauzer	noun	nor
schvung	noun	swe	futt	noun	nor
schwung	noun	swe	schwung	noun	nor
schäfer	noun	swe	schæfer	noun	nor
schäferhund	noun	swe	schæferhund	noun	nor
scientolog	noun	swe	scientolog	noun	nor
scientologi	noun	swe	scientologi	noun	nor
scooter	noun	swe	scooter	noun	nor
scooter	noun	swe	skuter	noun	nor
screentryck	noun	swe	silketrykk	noun	nor
seans	noun	swe	seanse	noun	nor
sed	noun	swe	sedvane	noun	nor
sed	noun	swe	skikk	noun	nor
sedan	noun	swe	sedan	noun	nor
sedativum	noun	swe	sedativ	noun	nor
sedel	noun	swe	pengeseddel	noun	nor
sedel	noun	swe	pengesetel	noun	nor
sedel	noun	swe	seddel	noun	nor
sedel	noun	swe	setel	noun	nor
sediment	noun	swe	sediment	noun	nor
sefyr	noun	swe	sefyr	noun	nor
segel	noun	swe	segl	noun	nor
segel	noun	swe	seil	noun	nor
segelbåt	noun	swe	seglbåt	noun	nor
segelbåt	noun	swe	seilbåt	noun	nor
seger	noun	swe	seier	noun	nor
seger	noun	swe	siger	noun	nor
segment	noun	swe	segment	noun	nor
segregation	noun	swe	segregasjon	noun	nor
seismograf	noun	swe	seismograf	noun	nor
seismologi	noun	swe	seismologi	noun	nor
sej	noun	swe	sei	noun	nor
sejd	noun	swe	seid	noun	nor
sejdel	noun	swe	seidel	noun	nor
sejdel	noun	swe	ølkrus	noun	nor
sejour	noun	swe	kart	noun	nor
sejour	noun	swe	kart	noun	nor
sejour	noun	swe	kort	noun	nor
sejsing	noun	swe	kart	noun	nor
sejsing	noun	swe	kart	noun	nor
sejsing	noun	swe	kort	noun	nor
sekant	noun	swe	sekant	noun	nor
sekel	noun	swe	sekel	noun	nor
sekel	noun	swe	århundre	noun	nor
sekelskifte	noun	swe	hundreårsskifte	noun	nor
sekelskifte	noun	swe	sekelskifte	noun	nor
sekret	noun	swe	sekret	noun	nor
sekretariat	noun	swe	sekretariat	noun	nor
sekreterare	noun	swe	sekretær	noun	nor
sekretion	noun	swe	sekresjon	noun	nor
sekretär	noun	swe	sekretær	noun	nor
sekt	noun	swe	sekt	noun	nor
sekterism	noun	swe	sekterisme	noun	nor
sektion	noun	swe	avdeling	noun	nor
sektion	noun	swe	seksjon	noun	nor
sektor	noun	swe	sektor	noun	nor
sekund	noun	swe	sekund	noun	nor
sekund	noun	swe	sekund	noun	nor
sekundant	noun	swe	sekundant	noun	nor
sekundmeter	noun	swe	sekundmeter	noun	nor
sekvens	noun	swe	sekvens	noun	nor
seldon	noun	swe	seletøy	noun	nor
sele	noun	swe	greie	noun	nor
sele	noun	swe	sele	noun	nor
selektion	noun	swe	seleksjon	noun	nor
selen	noun	swe	selen	noun	nor
selleri	noun	swe	selleri	noun	nor
seltyg	noun	swe	seletøy	noun	nor
semantik	noun	swe	semantikk	noun	nor
semester	noun	swe	ferie	noun	nor
semester	noun	swe	semester	noun	nor
semikolon	noun	swe	semikolon	noun	nor
seminarium	noun	swe	seminar	noun	nor
semit	noun	swe	semitt	noun	nor
semitrailer	noun	swe	semitrailer	noun	nor
sena	noun	swe	sen	noun	nor
senap	noun	swe	sennep	noun	nor
senapsgas	noun	swe	sennepsgass	noun	nor
senat	noun	swe	senat	noun	nor
senator	noun	swe	senator	noun	nor
senilitet	noun	swe	senilitet	noun	nor
senior	noun	swe	senior	noun	nor
sensation	noun	swe	sensasjon	noun	nor
sensationsjournalistik	noun	swe	sensasjonsjournalistikk	noun	nor
sensibilitet	noun	swe	sensibilitet	noun	nor
sensitivitet	noun	swe	sensitivitet	noun	nor
sensor	noun	swe	sensor	noun	nor
sensualitet	noun	swe	sensualitet	noun	nor
sentens	noun	swe	sentens	noun	nor
sentimentalitet	noun	swe	sentimentalitet	noun	nor
separatist	noun	swe	separatist	noun	nor
separator	noun	swe	separator	noun	nor
sepia	noun	swe	sepia	noun	nor
september	noun	swe	september	noun	nor
septett	noun	swe	septett	noun	nor
septiktank	noun	swe	septiktank	noun	nor
seraf	noun	swe	seraf	noun	nor
serenad	noun	swe	serenade	noun	nor
serie	noun	swe	serie	noun	nor
serieproduktion	noun	swe	serieproduksjon	noun	nor
serietidning	noun	swe	tegneserie	noun	nor
serietidning	noun	swe	teikneserie	noun	nor
serologi	noun	swe	serologi	noun	nor
serum	noun	swe	serum	noun	nor
serve	noun	swe	serve	noun	nor
service	noun	swe	service	noun	nor
service	noun	swe	servise	noun	nor
servicebil	noun	swe	servicebil	noun	nor
servicebox	noun	swe	døgnboks	noun	nor
servicebox	noun	swe	nattsafe	noun	nor
servicestation	noun	swe	servicestasjon	noun	nor
serviceyrke	noun	swe	serviceyrke	noun	nor
servilitet	noun	swe	servilitet	noun	nor
servitör	noun	swe	servitør	noun	nor
session	noun	swe	sesjon	noun	nor
set	noun	swe	set	noun	nor
set	noun	swe	sett	noun	nor
sex	noun	swe	sex	noun	nor
sexologi	noun	swe	sexologi	noun	nor
sextett	noun	swe	sekstett	noun	nor
sexualitet	noun	swe	seksualitet	noun	nor
sexualliv	noun	swe	kjønnsliv	noun	nor
sfinx	noun	swe	sfinks	noun	nor
sfär	noun	swe	sfære	noun	nor
shah	noun	swe	sjah	noun	nor
shake	noun	swe	shake	noun	nor
shaman	noun	swe	sjaman	noun	nor
shanty	noun	swe	sjanti	noun	nor
shejk	noun	swe	sjeik	noun	nor
sheriff	noun	swe	sheriff	noun	nor
sherpa	noun	swe	sherpa	noun	nor
sherry	noun	swe	sherry	noun	nor
shiamuslim	noun	swe	sjiamuslim	noun	nor
shiit	noun	swe	sjiitt	noun	nor
shilling	noun	swe	shilling	noun	nor
shop	noun	swe	shop	noun	nor
show	noun	swe	show	noun	nor
siare	noun	swe	seer	noun	nor
siare	noun	swe	sjåar	noun	nor
sida	noun	swe	sida	noun	nor
sida	noun	swe	side	noun	nor
sidensvans	noun	swe	sidensvans	noun	nor
sidospår	noun	swe	sidespor	noun	nor
siemens	noun	swe	siemens	noun	nor
siesta	noun	swe	siesta	noun	nor
siffra	noun	swe	tal	noun	nor
siffra	noun	swe	tall	noun	nor
sigill	noun	swe	innsegl	noun	nor
sigill	noun	swe	segl	noun	nor
sigill	noun	swe	sigd	noun	nor
sigill	noun	swe	sigill	noun	nor
signal	noun	swe	signal	noun	nor
signalement	noun	swe	signalement	noun	nor
signalhorn	noun	swe	signalhorn	noun	nor
signalpistol	noun	swe	signalpistol	noun	nor
signatur	noun	swe	signatur	noun	nor
signet	noun	swe	signet	noun	nor
signifikans	noun	swe	signifikans	noun	nor
sik	noun	swe	helt	noun	nor
sik	noun	swe	sik	noun	nor
sik	noun	swe	sik	noun	nor
sikh	noun	swe	sikh	noun	nor
sikt	noun	swe	sikt	noun	nor
sikt	noun	swe	sikte	noun	nor
sikte	noun	swe	sikte	noun	nor
sil	noun	swe	sil	noun	nor
silikat	noun	swe	silikat	noun	nor
silikon	noun	swe	silikon	noun	nor
silikos	noun	swe	silikose	noun	nor
silke	noun	swe	silke	noun	nor
silkepapper	noun	swe	silkepapir	noun	nor
sill	noun	swe	bøkling	noun	nor
sill	noun	swe	sild	noun	nor
silo	noun	swe	silo	noun	nor
silt	noun	swe	silt	noun	nor
silver	noun	swe	sylv	noun	nor
silver	noun	swe	sølv	noun	nor
silvermedalj	noun	swe	sølvmedalje	noun	nor
silvermynt	noun	swe	sølvmynt	noun	nor
simhall	noun	swe	svømmehall	noun	nor
simoni	noun	swe	simoni	noun	nor
simulation	noun	swe	simulasjon	noun	nor
simulator	noun	swe	simulator	noun	nor
simulering	noun	swe	simulasjon	noun	nor
sinne	noun	swe	hug	noun	nor
sinne	noun	swe	sinn	noun	nor
sinne	noun	swe	sinne	noun	nor
sinnelag	noun	swe	sinnelag	noun	nor
sinnesförfattning	noun	swe	sinnstilstand	noun	nor
sinnesintryck	noun	swe	sanseinntrykk	noun	nor
sinnesvilla	noun	swe	sansebedrag	noun	nor
sinus	noun	swe	sinus	noun	nor
sionism	noun	swe	sionisme	noun	nor
sionist	noun	swe	sionist	noun	nor
sir	noun	swe	sir	noun	nor
sirap	noun	swe	sirup	noun	nor
sitar	noun	swe	sitar	noun	nor
sitar	noun	swe	siter	noun	nor
sits	noun	swe	sete	noun	nor
sits	noun	swe	sete	noun	nor
sittbadkar	noun	swe	badekar	noun	nor
sittning	noun	swe	møte	noun	nor
sittopp	noun	swe	kilevink	noun	nor
sittplats	noun	swe	sess	noun	nor
sittplats	noun	swe	sitteplass	noun	nor
situation	noun	swe	situasjon	noun	nor
situation	noun	swe	stode	noun	nor
situation	noun	swe	tilstand	noun	nor
situationskomik	noun	swe	situasjonskomikk	noun	nor
sjabbel	noun	swe	sjusk	noun	nor
sjakal	noun	swe	sjakal	noun	nor
sjal	noun	swe	sjal	noun	nor
sjukbesök	noun	swe	sjukebesøk	noun	nor
sjukbesök	noun	swe	sykebesøk	noun	nor
sjukdom	noun	swe	sjukdom	noun	nor
sjukdom	noun	swe	sykdom	noun	nor
sjukdomsbild	noun	swe	sjukdomsbilde	noun	nor
sjukdomsbild	noun	swe	sykdomsbilde	noun	nor
sjukhus	noun	swe	hospital	noun	nor
sjukhus	noun	swe	sjukeheim	noun	nor
sjukhus	noun	swe	sjukehus	noun	nor
sjukhus	noun	swe	sykehus	noun	nor
sjuksköterska	noun	swe	sjukepleiar	noun	nor
sjuksköterska	noun	swe	sykepleier	noun	nor
sjuksyster	noun	swe	sjukesøster	noun	nor
sjuksyster	noun	swe	sykesøster	noun	nor
sjukvård	noun	swe	sjukepleie	noun	nor
sjukvård	noun	swe	sjukestell	noun	nor
sjukvård	noun	swe	sykepleie	noun	nor
sjukvård	noun	swe	sykestell	noun	nor
själ	noun	swe	sjel	noun	nor
själsliv	noun	swe	sjeleliv	noun	nor
självmord	noun	swe	selvmord	noun	nor
självmord	noun	swe	sjølvmord	noun	nor
självmål	noun	swe	baklengsmål	noun	nor
självmål	noun	swe	selvmål	noun	nor
självmål	noun	swe	sjølvmål	noun	nor
självständighet	noun	swe	selvstendighet	noun	nor
självständighet	noun	swe	sjølvstende	noun	nor
självändamål	noun	swe	egenmål	noun	nor
självändamål	noun	swe	eigemål	noun	nor
sjättedel	noun	swe	seksdel	noun	nor
sjättedel	noun	swe	sjettedel	noun	nor
sjö	noun	swe	sjø	noun	nor
sjöfart	noun	swe	sjøfart	noun	nor
sjöfolk	noun	swe	sjøfolk	noun	nor
sjökort	noun	swe	sjøkart	noun	nor
sjöman	noun	swe	sjømann	noun	nor
sjöofficer	noun	swe	sjøoffiser	noun	nor
sjöslag	noun	swe	sjøslag	noun	nor
skada	noun	swe	brekkasje	noun	nor
skada	noun	swe	skade	noun	nor
skadedjur	noun	swe	skadedyr	noun	nor
skafferi	noun	swe	skafferi	noun	nor
skaft	noun	swe	skaft	noun	nor
skal	noun	swe	skal	noun	nor
skal	noun	swe	skall	noun	nor
skal	noun	swe	skalle	noun	nor
skala	noun	swe	skala	noun	nor
skald	noun	swe	skald	noun	nor
skaldjur	noun	swe	skaldyr	noun	nor
skall	noun	swe	skal	noun	nor
skall	noun	swe	skall	noun	nor
skalle	noun	swe	kranium	noun	nor
skalle	noun	swe	skalle	noun	nor
skalp	noun	swe	skalp	noun	nor
skalpell	noun	swe	skalpell	noun	nor
skalv	noun	swe	skjelv	noun	nor
skalv	noun	swe	skjelv	noun	nor
skam	noun	swe	skam	noun	nor
skamvrå	noun	swe	skammekrok	noun	nor
skandinavism	noun	swe	skandinavisme	noun	nor
skapare	noun	swe	skapar	noun	nor
skapare	noun	swe	skaper	noun	nor
skapnad	noun	swe	skapning	noun	nor
skapnad	noun	swe	skikkelse	noun	nor
skare	noun	swe	skare	noun	nor
skarpsill	noun	swe	brisling	noun	nor
skarpsill	noun	swe	kvassbuk	noun	nor
skarv	noun	swe	skarv	noun	nor
skatt	noun	swe	skatt	noun	nor
skattekort	noun	swe	skattekort	noun	nor
skattelättnad	noun	swe	skattelette	noun	nor
skatteparadis	noun	swe	skatteparadis	noun	nor
skattepolitik	noun	swe	skattepolitikk	noun	nor
skattereduktion	noun	swe	skattereduksjon	noun	nor
skavank	noun	swe	skavank	noun	nor
sked	noun	swe	skei	noun	nor
sked	noun	swe	skje	noun	nor
skede	noun	swe	fase	noun	nor
skede	noun	swe	periode	noun	nor
skelett	noun	swe	skjelett	noun	nor
sken	noun	swe	humbug	noun	nor
skepnad	noun	swe	skapning	noun	nor
skepnad	noun	swe	skikkelse	noun	nor
skepp	noun	swe	skip	noun	nor
skeppare	noun	swe	skipper	noun	nor
skeppshandel	noun	swe	skipshandel	noun	nor
skeppsvarv	noun	swe	skipsverft	noun	nor
skepsis	noun	swe	skepsis	noun	nor
skepsis	noun	swe	skeptisisme	noun	nor
sketch	noun	swe	sketsj	noun	nor
skick	noun	swe	skikk	noun	nor
skicklighet	noun	swe	dugleik	noun	nor
skicklighet	noun	swe	dyktighet	noun	nor
skida	noun	swe	ski	noun	nor
skidbacke	noun	swe	skibakke	noun	nor
skidspår	noun	swe	skispor	noun	nor
skift	noun	swe	skift	noun	nor
skifte	noun	swe	skifte	noun	nor
skiftning	noun	swe	forandring	noun	nor
skiftnyckel	noun	swe	skiftenøkkel	noun	nor
skikt	noun	swe	sjikt	noun	nor
skildring	noun	swe	beskrivelse	noun	nor
skildring	noun	swe	skildring	noun	nor
skiljelinje	noun	swe	skiljelinje	noun	nor
skiljelinje	noun	swe	skillelinje	noun	nor
skiljeman	noun	swe	oppmann	noun	nor
skilling	noun	swe	skilling	noun	nor
skillnad	noun	swe	forskjell	noun	nor
skillnad	noun	swe	skil	noun	nor
skillnad	noun	swe	skilnad	noun	nor
skilsmässa	noun	swe	skilsmisse	noun	nor
skimmel	noun	swe	skimmel	noun	nor
skinka	noun	swe	balle	noun	nor
skinn	noun	swe	skinn	noun	nor
skinnfäll	noun	swe	skinnfell	noun	nor
skit	noun	swe	bæsj	noun	nor
skit	noun	swe	lort	noun	nor
skit	noun	swe	skit	noun	nor
skitsnack	noun	swe	pølsevev	noun	nor
skitsnack	noun	swe	tull	noun	nor
skitsnack	noun	swe	tøys	noun	nor
skitsnack	noun	swe	vrøvl	noun	nor
skiva	noun	swe	skive	noun	nor
skiva	noun	swe	snitte	noun	nor
skivbolag	noun	swe	plateselskap	noun	nor
skivomslag	noun	swe	cover	noun	nor
skjorta	noun	swe	skjorte	noun	nor
skjul	noun	swe	skjul	noun	nor
skjul	noun	swe	skur	noun	nor
skjul	noun	swe	skur	noun	nor
skjul	noun	swe	skåle	noun	nor
skjuts	noun	swe	haik	noun	nor
skjuts	noun	swe	lift	noun	nor
skjuts	noun	swe	skyss	noun	nor
skjutvapen	noun	swe	skytevåpen	noun	nor
sko	noun	swe	sko	noun	nor
skock	noun	swe	flokk	noun	nor
skock	noun	swe	skokk	noun	nor
skog	noun	swe	skog	noun	nor
skogsbruk	noun	swe	skogbruk	noun	nor
skogsbryn	noun	swe	skogbryn	noun	nor
skogsdöd	noun	swe	skogdød	noun	nor
skogsområde	noun	swe	skogsområde	noun	nor
skogsrå	noun	swe	hulder	noun	nor
skogsväg	noun	swe	skogsveg	noun	nor
skogsväg	noun	swe	skogsvei	noun	nor
skogsväg	noun	swe	skogveg	noun	nor
skogsväg	noun	swe	skogvei	noun	nor
skoj	noun	swe	moro	noun	nor
skoj	noun	swe	skøy	noun	nor
skoj	noun	swe	skøy	noun	nor
skoj	noun	swe	stas	noun	nor
skojare	noun	swe	moromann	noun	nor
skokräm	noun	swe	skokrem	noun	nor
skola	noun	swe	skole	noun	nor
skola	noun	swe	skule	noun	nor
skolarbete	noun	swe	skolearbeid	noun	nor
skolarbete	noun	swe	skulearbeid	noun	nor
skolbarn	noun	swe	skolebarn	noun	nor
skolbarn	noun	swe	skoleelev	noun	nor
skolbarn	noun	swe	skuleelev	noun	nor
skoldag	noun	swe	skoledag	noun	nor
skoldag	noun	swe	skuledag	noun	nor
skolgång	noun	swe	skolegang	noun	nor
skolgång	noun	swe	skulegang	noun	nor
skolhus	noun	swe	skolebygg	noun	nor
skolhus	noun	swe	skolebygning	noun	nor
skolhus	noun	swe	skulebygg	noun	nor
skolhus	noun	swe	skulebygning	noun	nor
skolklass	noun	swe	skoleklasse	noun	nor
skolklass	noun	swe	skuleklasse	noun	nor
skollov	noun	swe	skoleferie	noun	nor
skollov	noun	swe	skuleferie	noun	nor
skolungdom	noun	swe	skoleungdom	noun	nor
skolungdom	noun	swe	skuleungdom	noun	nor
skolväsen	noun	swe	skoleverk	noun	nor
skolväsen	noun	swe	skuleverk	noun	nor
skolväsende	noun	swe	skoleverk	noun	nor
skolväsende	noun	swe	skuleverk	noun	nor
skoläst	noun	swe	skoleist	noun	nor
skoläst	noun	swe	skolest	noun	nor
skolår	noun	swe	skoleår	noun	nor
skolår	noun	swe	skuleår	noun	nor
skoning	noun	swe	beslag	noun	nor
skorpion	noun	swe	skorpion	noun	nor
skorsten	noun	swe	skorstein	noun	nor
skosmörja	noun	swe	skokrem	noun	nor
skott	noun	swe	skot	noun	nor
skott	noun	swe	skott	noun	nor
skott	noun	swe	skudd	noun	nor
skotte	noun	swe	skotte	noun	nor
skottår	noun	swe	skotår	noun	nor
skottår	noun	swe	skuddår	noun	nor
skranka	noun	swe	skiljelinje	noun	nor
skranka	noun	swe	skillelinje	noun	nor
skranka	noun	swe	grense	noun	nor
skrap	noun	swe	skrap	noun	nor
skrapning	noun	swe	skrap	noun	nor
skratt	noun	swe	glis	noun	nor
skratt	noun	swe	grin	noun	nor
skratt	noun	swe	latter	noun	nor
skrattmås	noun	swe	hettemåke	noun	nor
skrattsalva	noun	swe	lattersalve	noun	nor
skrev	noun	swe	skrev	noun	nor
skribent	noun	swe	skribent	noun	nor
skridsko	noun	swe	skeise	noun	nor
skridsko	noun	swe	skøyte	noun	nor
skrift	noun	swe	skrift	noun	nor
skrift	noun	swe	skrift	noun	nor
skriftermål	noun	swe	skrifte	noun	nor
skriftspråk	noun	swe	skriftmål	noun	nor
skriftspråk	noun	swe	skriftspråk	noun	nor
skrik	noun	swe	skrik	noun	nor
skrin	noun	swe	skrin	noun	nor
skrivbord	noun	swe	skrivebord	noun	nor
skrivelse	noun	swe	skriv	noun	nor
skrivmaskin	noun	swe	skrivemaskin	noun	nor
skrov	noun	swe	skrog	noun	nor
skrov	noun	swe	skrott	noun	nor
skrov	noun	swe	skrov	noun	nor
skruv	noun	swe	skru	noun	nor
skruv	noun	swe	skruball	noun	nor
skruv	noun	swe	skrue	noun	nor
skryt	noun	swe	skryt	noun	nor
skräck	noun	swe	skrekk	noun	nor
skräckfilm	noun	swe	skrekkfilm	noun	nor
skrämsel	noun	swe	skremsel	noun	nor
skrämsel	noun	swe	skremsel	noun	nor
skrämsel	noun	swe	skremsle	noun	nor
skrän	noun	swe	skrål	noun	nor
skräp	noun	swe	brote	noun	nor
skräp	noun	swe	bråte	noun	nor
skräp	noun	swe	skrall	noun	nor
skräp	noun	swe	skrap	noun	nor
skrå	noun	swe	laug	noun	nor
skrå	noun	swe	lav	noun	nor
skrå	noun	swe	lav	noun	nor
skrål	noun	swe	skrål	noun	nor
skröna	noun	swe	regle	noun	nor
skugga	noun	swe	brem	noun	nor
skuld	noun	swe	gjeld	noun	nor
skuld	noun	swe	skyld	noun	nor
skuld	noun	swe	skyld	noun	nor
skuldebrev	noun	swe	gjeldsbrev	noun	nor
skull	noun	swe	skyld	noun	nor
skull	noun	swe	skyld	noun	nor
skulptur	noun	swe	skulptur	noun	nor
skulptör	noun	swe	skulptør	noun	nor
skum	noun	swe	skum	noun	nor
skumplast	noun	swe	skumplast	noun	nor
skurk	noun	swe	skurk	noun	nor
skvaller	noun	swe	sladder	noun	nor
skvaller	noun	swe	snadder	noun	nor
skvalp	noun	swe	skvalp	noun	nor
skvalp	noun	swe	skvalp	noun	nor
skvalp	noun	swe	skvulp	noun	nor
skvätt	noun	swe	knert	noun	nor
skvätt	noun	swe	slurk	noun	nor
skvätt	noun	swe	sup	noun	nor
sky	noun	swe	sjy	noun	nor
sky	noun	swe	sky	noun	nor
skydd	noun	swe	beskyttelse	noun	nor
skydd	noun	swe	skjul	noun	nor
skydd	noun	swe	vern	noun	nor
skydrag	noun	swe	skydrag	noun	nor
skyldighet	noun	swe	plikt	noun	nor
skyldighet	noun	swe	skyldnad	noun	nor
skylt	noun	swe	skilt	noun	nor
skylt	noun	swe	skyld	noun	nor
skymning	noun	swe	skumring	noun	nor
skynke	noun	swe	forheng	noun	nor
skytt	noun	swe	skyttar	noun	nor
skytt	noun	swe	skytte	noun	nor
skytt	noun	swe	skytter	noun	nor
skyttel	noun	swe	skyttel	noun	nor
skägg	noun	swe	skjegg	noun	nor
skäl	noun	swe	grunn	noun	nor
skällsord	noun	swe	skjellsord	noun	nor
skämt	noun	swe	spøk	noun	nor
skämt	noun	swe	vits	noun	nor
skänk	noun	swe	skjenk	noun	nor
skänkel	noun	swe	bein	noun	nor
skänkel	noun	swe	ben	noun	nor
skär	noun	swe	skjer	noun	nor
skär	noun	swe	skjær	noun	nor
skära	noun	swe	ljå	noun	nor
skärgård	noun	swe	skjergard	noun	nor
skärgård	noun	swe	skjærgård	noun	nor
skärm	noun	swe	skjerm	noun	nor
skärm	noun	swe	skjermbrett	noun	nor
skärm	noun	swe	skjermvegg	noun	nor
skärp	noun	swe	belte	noun	nor
skärpning	noun	swe	skjerping	noun	nor
skärtorsdag	noun	swe	skjærtorsdag	noun	nor
skärv	noun	swe	skjerv	noun	nor
skådespel	noun	swe	skodespel	noun	nor
skådespel	noun	swe	skuespill	noun	nor
skådespelare	noun	swe	skodespelar	noun	nor
skådespelare	noun	swe	skuespiller	noun	nor
skål	noun	swe	skål	noun	nor
skålpund	noun	swe	skålpund	noun	nor
skåp	noun	swe	skap	noun	nor
skåp	noun	swe	skåp	noun	nor
sköld	noun	swe	skjold	noun	nor
sköld	noun	swe	skjold	noun	nor
sköldpadda	noun	swe	skilpadde	noun	nor
sköldpadda	noun	swe	skjelpadde	noun	nor
skön	noun	swe	skjønn	noun	nor
skön	noun	swe	tykke	noun	nor
skönhet	noun	swe	skjønnhet	noun	nor
skönhet	noun	swe	venleik	noun	nor
skönhetstävling	noun	swe	missekonkurranse	noun	nor
skönlitteratur	noun	swe	skjønnlitteratur	noun	nor
skörbjugg	noun	swe	skjørbuk	noun	nor
skörd	noun	swe	haust	noun	nor
skörd	noun	swe	høst	noun	nor
skötebarn	noun	swe	kjælebarn	noun	nor
sköterska	noun	swe	passar	noun	nor
sköterska	noun	swe	passer	noun	nor
sköterska	noun	swe	pleiar	noun	nor
sköterska	noun	swe	pleier	noun	nor
skötsel	noun	swe	pasning	noun	nor
skötsel	noun	swe	skjøtsel	noun	nor
skötsel	noun	swe	stell	noun	nor
skötsel	noun	swe	sti	noun	nor
sladd	noun	swe	sladd	noun	nor
sladder	noun	swe	sladd	noun	nor
slag	noun	swe	slag	noun	nor
slag	noun	swe	slagg	noun	nor
slaganfall	noun	swe	slagtilfelle	noun	nor
slagbjörn	noun	swe	slagbjørn	noun	nor
slagord	noun	swe	slagord	noun	nor
slagseghet	noun	swe	slagstyrke	noun	nor
slagsmål	noun	swe	basketak	noun	nor
slagsmål	noun	swe	batalje	noun	nor
slagsmål	noun	swe	slagsmål	noun	nor
slagverk	noun	swe	slagverk	noun	nor
slaksida	noun	swe	slag	noun	nor
slaksida	noun	swe	slagg	noun	nor
slakt	noun	swe	slakt	noun	nor
slakt	noun	swe	slakting	noun	nor
slakthus	noun	swe	slakteri	noun	nor
slaktoffer	noun	swe	slaktoffer	noun	nor
slalom	noun	swe	slalåm	noun	nor
slang	noun	swe	slang	noun	nor
slant	noun	swe	kvitt	noun	nor
slant	noun	swe	skilling	noun	nor
slant	noun	swe	slant	noun	nor
slarv	noun	swe	sløseri	noun	nor
slarva	noun	swe	sjusk	noun	nor
slav	noun	swe	slavar	noun	nor
slav	noun	swe	slave	noun	nor
slav	noun	swe	slaver	noun	nor
slaveri	noun	swe	slaveri	noun	nor
slejf	noun	swe	stropp	noun	nor
slem	noun	swe	slim	noun	nor
slentrian	noun	swe	slendrian	noun	nor
slev	noun	swe	sleiv	noun	nor
slev	noun	swe	sleiv	noun	nor
slida	noun	swe	skjede	noun	nor
slip	noun	swe	slip	noun	nor
sliperi	noun	swe	sliperi	noun	nor
slips	noun	swe	slips	noun	nor
slit	noun	swe	kjas	noun	nor
slit	noun	swe	ork	noun	nor
slit	noun	swe	slit	noun	nor
slit	noun	swe	strev	noun	nor
slitage	noun	swe	slitasje	noun	nor
slits	noun	swe	rive	noun	nor
slott	noun	swe	slott	noun	nor
slovak	noun	swe	slovak	noun	nor
slovakiska	noun	swe	slovakisk	noun	nor
slovakiska	noun	swe	slovakisk	noun	nor
slum	noun	swe	slum	noun	nor
slump	noun	swe	slump	noun	nor
slump	noun	swe	tilfeldighet	noun	nor
slump	noun	swe	tilfelle	noun	nor
slunga	noun	swe	fatle	noun	nor
slup	noun	swe	sjalupp	noun	nor
slurk	noun	swe	knert	noun	nor
slurk	noun	swe	slurk	noun	nor
slurk	noun	swe	sup	noun	nor
slut	noun	swe	slut	noun	nor
slut	noun	swe	slutt	noun	nor
slutresultat	noun	swe	sluttresultat	noun	nor
slutsats	noun	swe	konklusjon	noun	nor
slutspurt	noun	swe	sluttspurt	noun	nor
slutsten	noun	swe	sluttstein	noun	nor
släde	noun	swe	pulk	noun	nor
släde	noun	swe	slede	noun	nor
släkt	noun	swe	slekt	noun	nor
släkte	noun	swe	slekt	noun	nor
släkting	noun	swe	slektning	noun	nor
släktnamn	noun	swe	slektsnamn	noun	nor
släktnamn	noun	swe	slektsnavn	noun	nor
släktskap	noun	swe	slektskap	noun	nor
släktskap	noun	swe	slektskap	noun	nor
släng	noun	swe	sleng	noun	nor
släp	noun	swe	trailer	noun	nor
släpp	noun	swe	utgivelse	noun	nor
släpp	noun	swe	utgjeving	noun	nor
slätt	noun	swe	mo	noun	nor
slätt	noun	swe	slett	noun	nor
slätt	noun	swe	slette	noun	nor
slättbygd	noun	swe	mo	noun	nor
slättbygd	noun	swe	slett	noun	nor
slättbygd	noun	swe	slette	noun	nor
slå	noun	swe	slå	noun	nor
slöjd	noun	swe	sløyd	noun	nor
slör	noun	swe	slør	noun	nor
slöseri	noun	swe	sløseri	noun	nor
smak	noun	swe	smak	noun	nor
smaksinne	noun	swe	smakssans	noun	nor
smaragd	noun	swe	smaragd	noun	nor
smash	noun	swe	smash	noun	nor
smed	noun	swe	smed	noun	nor
smedja	noun	swe	smie	noun	nor
smekmånad	noun	swe	hvetebrødsdag	noun	nor
smekmånad	noun	swe	kveitebrødsdag	noun	nor
smeknamn	noun	swe	kjælenamn	noun	nor
smeknamn	noun	swe	kjælenavn	noun	nor
smet	noun	swe	deig	noun	nor
smet	noun	swe	røre	noun	nor
smicker	noun	swe	smiger	noun	nor
smide	noun	swe	smedarbeid	noun	nor
sminkör	noun	swe	sminkør	noun	nor
smoking	noun	swe	smoking	noun	nor
smolk	noun	swe	dust	noun	nor
smolk	noun	swe	dust	noun	nor
smolk	noun	swe	im	noun	nor
smolk	noun	swe	støv	noun	nor
smula	noun	swe	brødsmule	noun	nor
smula	noun	swe	dott	noun	nor
smula	noun	swe	lagde	noun	nor
smula	noun	swe	mole	noun	nor
smula	noun	swe	nipp	noun	nor
smula	noun	swe	nipp	noun	nor
smula	noun	swe	smule	noun	nor
smultron	noun	swe	jordbær	noun	nor
smuts	noun	swe	skit	noun	nor
smuts	noun	swe	skitt	noun	nor
smuts	noun	swe	skitt	noun	nor
smuts	noun	swe	smuss	noun	nor
smutt	noun	swe	nipp	noun	nor
smutt	noun	swe	nipp	noun	nor
smycke	noun	swe	smykke	noun	nor
smyg	noun	swe	smyg	noun	nor
smyg	noun	swe	smyg	noun	nor
smädebild	noun	swe	karikatur	noun	nor
smäll	noun	swe	brak	noun	nor
smäll	noun	swe	smal	noun	nor
smäll	noun	swe	smell	noun	nor
smällare	noun	swe	kinaputt	noun	nor
smältdegel	noun	swe	smeltedigel	noun	nor
smältost	noun	swe	smelteost	noun	nor
smältpunkt	noun	swe	smeltepunkt	noun	nor
smältvatten	noun	swe	smeltevann	noun	nor
smältvatten	noun	swe	smeltevatn	noun	nor
smärta	noun	swe	smerte	noun	nor
småbarn	noun	swe	småbarn	noun	nor
småbonde	noun	swe	småbonde	noun	nor
småbåtshamn	noun	swe	marina	noun	nor
smågris	noun	swe	smågris	noun	nor
småhus	noun	swe	småhus	noun	nor
småkryp	noun	swe	smådyr	noun	nor
småmynt	noun	swe	småmynt	noun	nor
småsak	noun	swe	småting	noun	nor
småstad	noun	swe	provinsby	noun	nor
småsten	noun	swe	småstein	noun	nor
småtimmarna	noun	swe	nattetime	noun	nor
småtteri	noun	swe	bagatell	noun	nor
småtteri	noun	swe	filleting	noun	nor
småvilt	noun	swe	småvilt	noun	nor
smör	noun	swe	smør	noun	nor
smördeg	noun	swe	butterdeig	noun	nor
smörgås	noun	swe	smørbrød	noun	nor
smörgås	noun	swe	smørgås	noun	nor
smörja	noun	swe	salve	noun	nor
smörja	noun	swe	smørje	noun	nor
smörjelse	noun	swe	salve	noun	nor
smörtenor	noun	swe	smørtenor	noun	nor
snabbhet	noun	swe	hurtighet	noun	nor
snabbhet	noun	swe	snøggleik	noun	nor
snack	noun	swe	prat	noun	nor
snack	noun	swe	prat	noun	nor
snack	noun	swe	snakk	noun	nor
snack	noun	swe	snakk	noun	nor
snackbar	noun	swe	snackbar	noun	nor
snacks	noun	swe	snacks	noun	nor
snaps	noun	swe	snaps	noun	nor
snapshot	noun	swe	snapshot	noun	nor
snask	noun	swe	klin	noun	nor
snatteri	noun	swe	butikktjuveri	noun	nor
snatteri	noun	swe	butikktyveri	noun	nor
snille	noun	swe	flogvit	noun	nor
snille	noun	swe	geni	noun	nor
snitt	noun	swe	kutt	noun	nor
snitt	noun	swe	snitt	noun	nor
snitt	noun	swe	snitt	noun	nor
snitt	noun	swe	snitt	noun	nor
snitt	noun	swe	snitt	noun	nor
snopp	noun	swe	tupp	noun	nor
snugga	noun	swe	snadd	noun	nor
snus	noun	swe	snus	noun	nor
snus	noun	swe	snus	noun	nor
snut	noun	swe	betjent	noun	nor
snut	noun	swe	purk	noun	nor
snut	noun	swe	snut	noun	nor
snyft	noun	swe	hulk	noun	nor
snyft	noun	swe	hulk	noun	nor
snärje	noun	swe	krat	noun	nor
snärje	noun	swe	kratt	noun	nor
snärpa	noun	swe	maure	noun	nor
snärt	noun	swe	snert	noun	nor
snäsa	noun	swe	maure	noun	nor
snår	noun	swe	buskas	noun	nor
snår	noun	swe	snar	noun	nor
snårskog	noun	swe	krattskog	noun	nor
snö	noun	swe	sne	noun	nor
snö	noun	swe	snø	noun	nor
snöfall	noun	swe	kave	noun	nor
snöfall	noun	swe	snøfall	noun	nor
snöskred	noun	swe	snøskred	noun	nor
snöstorm	noun	swe	snøstorm	noun	nor
socialantropologi	noun	swe	sosialantropologi	noun	nor
socialdemokrat	noun	swe	sosialdemokrat	noun	nor
socialgrupp	noun	swe	sosialgruppe	noun	nor
socialism	noun	swe	sosialisme	noun	nor
socialist	noun	swe	socialist	noun	nor
socialist	noun	swe	sosialist	noun	nor
socialpolitik	noun	swe	sosialpolitikk	noun	nor
socialvetenskap	noun	swe	samfunnsvitenskap	noun	nor
socialvetenskap	noun	swe	samfunnsvitskap	noun	nor
sociolog	noun	swe	sosiolog	noun	nor
sociologi	noun	swe	sosiologi	noun	nor
socionom	noun	swe	sosionom	noun	nor
socka	noun	swe	sokk	noun	nor
sockel	noun	swe	sokkel	noun	nor
socken	noun	swe	gjeld	noun	nor
socken	noun	swe	sogn	noun	nor
socken	noun	swe	sokn	noun	nor
socker	noun	swe	sukker	noun	nor
sockerbeta	noun	swe	sukkerroe	noun	nor
sockerlag	noun	swe	sirup	noun	nor
sockerrör	noun	swe	sukkerroe	noun	nor
sockerrör	noun	swe	sukkerrør	noun	nor
soda	noun	swe	soda	noun	nor
soffa	noun	swe	sofa	noun	nor
software	noun	swe	programvare	noun	nor
soja	noun	swe	soya	noun	nor
sol	noun	swe	sol	noun	nor
sol	noun	swe	sol	noun	nor
sol	noun	swe	sol	noun	nor
solbad	noun	swe	solbad	noun	nor
solbatteri	noun	swe	solbatteri	noun	nor
soldat	noun	swe	soldat	noun	nor
solenergi	noun	swe	solenergi	noun	nor
solfest	noun	swe	solfest	noun	nor
solhatt	noun	swe	solhatt	noun	nor
solidaritet	noun	swe	solidaritet	noun	nor
soliditet	noun	swe	soliditet	noun	nor
solist	noun	swe	solist	noun	nor
solk	noun	swe	smuss	noun	nor
solljus	noun	swe	sollys	noun	nor
solnedgång	noun	swe	glad	noun	nor
solnedgång	noun	swe	solnedgang	noun	nor
solo	noun	swe	solo	noun	nor
solsken	noun	swe	solskin	noun	nor
solsken	noun	swe	solskinn	noun	nor
solstråle	noun	swe	solstråle	noun	nor
solsystem	noun	swe	solsystem	noun	nor
soltak	noun	swe	soltak	noun	nor
soluppgång	noun	swe	soloppgang	noun	nor
solur	noun	swe	solur	noun	nor
solvens	noun	swe	solvens	noun	nor
solår	noun	swe	solår	noun	nor
sommar	noun	swe	haust	noun	nor
sommar	noun	swe	høst	noun	nor
sommar	noun	swe	sommar	noun	nor
sommar	noun	swe	sommer	noun	nor
sommar	noun	swe	sumar	noun	nor
sommargäst	noun	swe	feriegjest	noun	nor
sommarhalvår	noun	swe	sommarhalvår	noun	nor
sommarhalvår	noun	swe	sommerhalvår	noun	nor
son	noun	swe	son	noun	nor
son	noun	swe	sønn	noun	nor
sonar	noun	swe	sonar	noun	nor
sopa	noun	swe	avfall	noun	nor
sopa	noun	swe	mo	noun	nor
sopa	noun	swe	rask	noun	nor
sopbacke	noun	swe	avfallsplass	noun	nor
soppa	noun	swe	suppe	noun	nor
sopran	noun	swe	sopran	noun	nor
sorg	noun	swe	sorg	noun	nor
sorgeakt	noun	swe	begravelse	noun	nor
sorgeakt	noun	swe	gravlegging	noun	nor
sorgelåt	noun	swe	klage	noun	nor
sort	noun	swe	slags	noun	nor
sort	noun	swe	slags	noun	nor
sort	noun	swe	slags	noun	nor
sort	noun	swe	sort	noun	nor
sortering	noun	swe	sortering	noun	nor
sortiment	noun	swe	sortiment	noun	nor
sortiment	noun	swe	utval	noun	nor
sortiment	noun	swe	utvalg	noun	nor
soul	noun	swe	soul	noun	nor
souschef	noun	swe	nestleder	noun	nor
souschef	noun	swe	nestleiar	noun	nor
souschef	noun	swe	soussjef	noun	nor
sovjet	noun	swe	sovjet	noun	nor
sovrum	noun	swe	soverom	noun	nor
sovrum	noun	swe	soveværelse	noun	nor
sovsal	noun	swe	sovesal	noun	nor
sovsäck	noun	swe	sovepose	noun	nor
spad	noun	swe	avkok	noun	nor
spade	noun	swe	spade	noun	nor
spaghetti	noun	swe	spaghetti	noun	nor
spalt	noun	swe	one	noun	nor
spalt	noun	swe	teig	noun	nor
spaniel	noun	swe	spaniel	noun	nor
spanjor	noun	swe	spanjol	noun	nor
spann	noun	swe	bøtte	noun	nor
spann	noun	swe	pøs	noun	nor
spann	noun	swe	spann	noun	nor
spann	noun	swe	spenn	noun	nor
spann	noun	swe	pøs	noun	nor
spanska	noun	swe	spansk	noun	nor
spanska	noun	swe	spansk	noun	nor
sparbank	noun	swe	sparebank	noun	nor
sparbank	noun	swe	sparekasse	noun	nor
spark	noun	swe	spark	noun	nor
spark	noun	swe	spark	noun	nor
sparris	noun	swe	asparges	noun	nor
speaker	noun	swe	speaker	noun	nor
specialist	noun	swe	spesialist	noun	nor
specialitet	noun	swe	spesialitet	noun	nor
specialområde	noun	swe	spesialområde	noun	nor
specifikation	noun	swe	spesifikasjon	noun	nor
spefågel	noun	swe	moromann	noun	nor
spegel	noun	swe	spegel	noun	nor
spegel	noun	swe	speil	noun	nor
spejare	noun	swe	rover	noun	nor
spektakel	noun	swe	lurveleven	noun	nor
spektakel	noun	swe	spetakkel	noun	nor
spektrum	noun	swe	spekter	noun	nor
spektrum	noun	swe	spektrum	noun	nor
spekulant	noun	swe	jobbar	noun	nor
spekulant	noun	swe	jobber	noun	nor
spekulant	noun	swe	spekulant	noun	nor
spekulation	noun	swe	spekulasjon	noun	nor
spel	noun	swe	spel	noun	nor
spel	noun	swe	spill	noun	nor
spelare	noun	swe	spelar	noun	nor
spelare	noun	swe	spiller	noun	nor
spenat	noun	swe	spinat	noun	nor
spens	noun	swe	kart	noun	nor
spens	noun	swe	kart	noun	nor
spens	noun	swe	kort	noun	nor
spets	noun	swe	knipling	noun	nor
spets	noun	swe	spiss	noun	nor
spets	noun	swe	tupp	noun	nor
spett	noun	swe	spyd	noun	nor
spex	noun	swe	underholdning	noun	nor
spik	noun	swe	plugg	noun	nor
spik	noun	swe	spikar	noun	nor
spik	noun	swe	spiker	noun	nor
spiksko	noun	swe	piggsko	noun	nor
spillånga	noun	swe	lange	noun	nor
spillånga	noun	swe	lange	noun	nor
spindel	noun	swe	edderkopp	noun	nor
spindel	noun	swe	kongro	noun	nor
spindel	noun	swe	vevkjerring	noun	nor
spion	noun	swe	spion	noun	nor
spioneri	noun	swe	spionasje	noun	nor
spira	noun	swe	spir	noun	nor
spira	noun	swe	spir	noun	nor
spiral	noun	swe	spiral	noun	nor
spirlånga	noun	swe	lange	noun	nor
spirlånga	noun	swe	lange	noun	nor
spis	noun	swe	komfyr	noun	nor
spjut	noun	swe	spyd	noun	nor
splint	noun	swe	splint	noun	nor
split	noun	swe	splid	noun	nor
splittra	noun	swe	splitt	noun	nor
spoiler	noun	swe	spoiler	noun	nor
spole	noun	swe	spole	noun	nor
sponsor	noun	swe	sponsor	noun	nor
spor	noun	swe	spore	noun	nor
sport	noun	swe	sport	noun	nor
sportbil	noun	swe	sportsbil	noun	nor
spotlight	noun	swe	spotlight	noun	nor
spott	noun	swe	harselas	noun	nor
spott	noun	swe	spit	noun	nor
spott	noun	swe	spit	noun	nor
spott	noun	swe	spott	noun	nor
spray	noun	swe	spray	noun	nor
spridning	noun	swe	spredning	noun	nor
springa	noun	swe	opning	noun	nor
springa	noun	swe	åpning	noun	nor
sprint	noun	swe	sprint	noun	nor
sprit	noun	swe	brennevin	noun	nor
sprit	noun	swe	sprit	noun	nor
sprut	noun	swe	sprut	noun	nor
sprutt	noun	swe	dreis	noun	nor
sprutt	noun	swe	fart	noun	nor
sprutt	noun	swe	fortgang	noun	nor
sprutt	noun	swe	fyk	noun	nor
sprutt	noun	swe	raus	noun	nor
sprängstoff	noun	swe	sprengstoff	noun	nor
sprängämne	noun	swe	sprengstoff	noun	nor
sprätthök	noun	swe	lapp	noun	nor
språk	noun	swe	sprog	noun	nor
språk	noun	swe	språk	noun	nor
språkljud	noun	swe	språklyd	noun	nor
språkrör	noun	swe	munnstykke	noun	nor
språng	noun	swe	byks	noun	nor
språng	noun	swe	sprang	noun	nor
språng	noun	swe	spring	noun	nor
språng	noun	swe	spring	noun	nor
språngmarsch	noun	swe	løp	noun	nor
spurt	noun	swe	spurt	noun	nor
sputnik	noun	swe	sputnik	noun	nor
spädbarn	noun	swe	spedbarn	noun	nor
spänn	noun	swe	spenn	noun	nor
spänning	noun	swe	spenning	noun	nor
späns	noun	swe	kart	noun	nor
späns	noun	swe	kart	noun	nor
späns	noun	swe	kort	noun	nor
spänst	noun	swe	spenst	noun	nor
spådom	noun	swe	spådom	noun	nor
spån	noun	swe	spon	noun	nor
spånk	noun	swe	brennevin	noun	nor
spår	noun	swe	far	noun	nor
spår	noun	swe	far	noun	nor
spår	noun	swe	løype	noun	nor
spår	noun	swe	skinnegang	noun	nor
spår	noun	swe	skjenegang	noun	nor
spår	noun	swe	spor	noun	nor
spårvagn	noun	swe	sporvogn	noun	nor
spårvagn	noun	swe	trikk	noun	nor
spårväg	noun	swe	sporveg	noun	nor
spårväg	noun	swe	sporvei	noun	nor
spöke	noun	swe	spøkelse	noun	nor
spörsmål	noun	swe	spurdag	noun	nor
spörsmål	noun	swe	spurnad	noun	nor
spörsmål	noun	swe	spørsmål	noun	nor
squash	noun	swe	squash	noun	nor
stab	noun	swe	stab	noun	nor
stabbe	noun	swe	farmann	noun	nor
stabbur	noun	swe	stabbur	noun	nor
stabilisator	noun	swe	stabilisator	noun	nor
stabilitet	noun	swe	stabilitet	noun	nor
stack	noun	swe	stabel	noun	nor
stack	noun	swe	stakk	noun	nor
stackare	noun	swe	stakkar	noun	nor
stad	noun	swe	by	noun	nor
stad	noun	swe	kaupang	noun	nor
stadion	noun	swe	stadion	noun	nor
stadium	noun	swe	stadium	noun	nor
stadsbild	noun	swe	bybilde	noun	nor
stadsbild	noun	swe	bybilde	noun	nor
stadsbo	noun	swe	borg	noun	nor
stadsdel	noun	swe	bydel	noun	nor
stadshus	noun	swe	rådhus	noun	nor
stadskärna	noun	swe	bykjerne	noun	nor
stadsmiljö	noun	swe	bymiljø	noun	nor
stadsmur	noun	swe	bymur	noun	nor
stadsplan	noun	swe	byplan	noun	nor
stafett	noun	swe	stafett	noun	nor
stagnation	noun	swe	stagnasjon	noun	nor
stake	noun	swe	stake	noun	nor
stall	noun	swe	fjøs	noun	nor
stall	noun	swe	fjøs	noun	nor
stall	noun	swe	stall	noun	nor
stall	noun	swe	stall	noun	nor
stam	noun	swe	stam	noun	nor
stam	noun	swe	stamme	noun	nor
stambord	noun	swe	stambord	noun	nor
stamcell	noun	swe	stamcelle	noun	nor
stamfar	noun	swe	stamfar	noun	nor
stamgäst	noun	swe	stamgjest	noun	nor
standar	noun	swe	standard	noun	nor
standard	noun	swe	standard	noun	nor
standardverk	noun	swe	standardverk	noun	nor
stank	noun	swe	stank	noun	nor
stapel	noun	swe	reis	noun	nor
stapel	noun	swe	stabel	noun	nor
star	noun	swe	star	noun	nor
stare	noun	swe	star	noun	nor
stare	noun	swe	stær	noun	nor
start	noun	swe	start	noun	nor
starter	noun	swe	startar	noun	nor
starter	noun	swe	starter	noun	nor
startkapital	noun	swe	startkapital	noun	nor
startmotor	noun	swe	startmotor	noun	nor
startpistol	noun	swe	startpistol	noun	nor
startskott	noun	swe	startskot	noun	nor
startskott	noun	swe	startskudd	noun	nor
stat	noun	swe	stat	noun	nor
station	noun	swe	stasjon	noun	nor
statist	noun	swe	statist	noun	nor
statistik	noun	swe	statistikk	noun	nor
stativ	noun	swe	stativ	noun	nor
stativ	noun	swe	stativ	noun	nor
stator	noun	swe	stator	noun	nor
statsbesök	noun	swe	statsbesøk	noun	nor
statsbudget	noun	swe	statsbudsjett	noun	nor
statschef	noun	swe	statssjef	noun	nor
statskassa	noun	swe	statskasse	noun	nor
statsman	noun	swe	statsmann	noun	nor
statsminister	noun	swe	statsminister	noun	nor
statsobligation	noun	swe	statsobligasjon	noun	nor
statsråd	noun	swe	statsråd	noun	nor
statsråd	noun	swe	statsråd	noun	nor
statsvälvning	noun	swe	statskupp	noun	nor
statur	noun	swe	statur	noun	nor
status	noun	swe	status	noun	nor
staty	noun	swe	statue	noun	nor
stav	noun	swe	påk	noun	nor
stav	noun	swe	stav	noun	nor
stavhopp	noun	swe	stavhopp	noun	nor
stavhopp	noun	swe	stavsprang	noun	nor
stavkyrka	noun	swe	stavkirke	noun	nor
stavning	noun	swe	stavemåte	noun	nor
stavrim	noun	swe	bokstavrim	noun	nor
stavrim	noun	swe	stavrim	noun	nor
stearinljus	noun	swe	stearinlys	noun	nor
steg	noun	swe	skritt	noun	nor
steg	noun	swe	steg	noun	nor
stege	noun	swe	leider	noun	nor
stege	noun	swe	stige	noun	nor
stekpanna	noun	swe	steikepanne	noun	nor
stekpanna	noun	swe	stekepanne	noun	nor
stele	noun	swe	stele	noun	nor
sten	noun	swe	stein	noun	nor
stenblock	noun	swe	kampestein	noun	nor
stenkast	noun	swe	steinkast	noun	nor
stenmur	noun	swe	steinmur	noun	nor
stenålder	noun	swe	steinalder	noun	nor
stereo	noun	swe	stereo	noun	nor
stereotypi	noun	swe	stereotypi	noun	nor
sterling	noun	swe	sterling	noun	nor
stick	noun	swe	plugg	noun	nor
stick	noun	swe	stikk	noun	nor
sticka	noun	swe	strikke	noun	nor
stickprov	noun	swe	stikkprøve	noun	nor
stift	noun	swe	stift	noun	nor
stift	noun	swe	stift	noun	nor
stiftelse	noun	swe	stiftelse	noun	nor
stig	noun	swe	sti	noun	nor
stig	noun	swe	stig	noun	nor
stig	noun	swe	stig	noun	nor
stil	noun	swe	stil	noun	nor
stilart	noun	swe	stilart	noun	nor
stillhet	noun	swe	stille	noun	nor
stillhet	noun	swe	stillheit	noun	nor
stillhet	noun	swe	stillhet	noun	nor
stim	noun	swe	støy	noun	nor
stimulans	noun	swe	stimulans	noun	nor
stimulus	noun	swe	stimulus	noun	nor
sting	noun	swe	sting	noun	nor
stipendiat	noun	swe	stipend	noun	nor
stipendiat	noun	swe	stipendiat	noun	nor
stjälk	noun	swe	stilk	noun	nor
stjärna	noun	swe	stjerne	noun	nor
stjärt	noun	swe	hale	noun	nor
sto	noun	swe	hoppe	noun	nor
sto	noun	swe	hors	noun	nor
stock	noun	swe	stokk	noun	nor
stod	noun	swe	statue	noun	nor
stod	noun	swe	stå	noun	nor
stoft	noun	swe	dust	noun	nor
stoft	noun	swe	dust	noun	nor
stoft	noun	swe	im	noun	nor
stoft	noun	swe	støv	noun	nor
stoj	noun	swe	støy	noun	nor
stol	noun	swe	stol	noun	nor
stolpe	noun	swe	stolpe	noun	nor
stolthet	noun	swe	stoltheit	noun	nor
stolthet	noun	swe	stolthet	noun	nor
stop	noun	swe	stans	noun	nor
stop	noun	swe	stopp	noun	nor
stop	noun	swe	stopp	noun	nor
stopp	noun	swe	stans	noun	nor
stopp	noun	swe	stopp	noun	nor
stopp	noun	swe	stopp	noun	nor
stopper	noun	swe	stoppar	noun	nor
stopper	noun	swe	stopper	noun	nor
storband	noun	swe	storband	noun	nor
storbonde	noun	swe	kakse	noun	nor
storbonde	noun	swe	storbonde	noun	nor
stordia	noun	swe	transparent	noun	nor
stordia	noun	swe	transparent	noun	nor
storebror	noun	swe	storebror	noun	nor
storhertig	noun	swe	storhertug	noun	nor
stork	noun	swe	stork	noun	nor
storkommun	noun	swe	storkommune	noun	nor
storlek	noun	swe	storleik	noun	nor
storlek	noun	swe	størrelse	noun	nor
storm	noun	swe	storm	noun	nor
stormakt	noun	swe	stormakt	noun	nor
stormning	noun	swe	stormløp	noun	nor
stormästare	noun	swe	stormeister	noun	nor
stormästare	noun	swe	stormester	noun	nor
storpolitik	noun	swe	storpolitikk	noun	nor
storslalom	noun	swe	storslalåm	noun	nor
storting	noun	swe	storting	noun	nor
storverk	noun	swe	storverk	noun	nor
storvilt	noun	swe	storvilt	noun	nor
story	noun	swe	story	noun	nor
straff	noun	swe	straff	noun	nor
straff	noun	swe	straffe	noun	nor
straff	noun	swe	straffespark	noun	nor
strafflag	noun	swe	straffelov	noun	nor
straffpåföljd	noun	swe	sanksjon	noun	nor
straffrätt	noun	swe	strafferett	noun	nor
strand	noun	swe	strand	noun	nor
strandkant	noun	swe	strandkant	noun	nor
strateg	noun	swe	strateg	noun	nor
strategi	noun	swe	strategi	noun	nor
strejk	noun	swe	streik	noun	nor
stress	noun	swe	stress	noun	nor
stress	noun	swe	stress	noun	nor
strid	noun	swe	kamp	noun	nor
strid	noun	swe	strid	noun	nor
stridsflyg	noun	swe	kampfly	noun	nor
stridsflygplan	noun	swe	kampfly	noun	nor
stridsrop	noun	swe	stridsrop	noun	nor
stridsskrift	noun	swe	stridsskrift	noun	nor
stridsvagn	noun	swe	stridsvogn	noun	nor
strimla	noun	swe	stripe	noun	nor
strimma	noun	swe	stripe	noun	nor
struktur	noun	swe	struktur	noun	nor
strumpa	noun	swe	sokk	noun	nor
strumpa	noun	swe	strømpe	noun	nor
strupe	noun	swe	strupe	noun	nor
struts	noun	swe	struts	noun	nor
stryk	noun	swe	bank	noun	nor
stryk	noun	swe	bank	noun	nor
stryk	noun	swe	stryk	noun	nor
stryk	noun	swe	stryk	noun	nor
strykjärn	noun	swe	strykejern	noun	nor
strykpojke	noun	swe	prygelknabe	noun	nor
sträck	noun	swe	strekk	noun	nor
sträck	noun	swe	strekk	noun	nor
sträcka	noun	swe	strekning	noun	nor
sträcka	noun	swe	strekning	noun	nor
sträckbänk	noun	swe	pinebenk	noun	nor
sträckning	noun	swe	strekning	noun	nor
sträckning	noun	swe	strekning	noun	nor
sträng	noun	swe	streng	noun	nor
stränginstrument	noun	swe	strengeinstrument	noun	nor
strävande	noun	swe	strid	noun	nor
strå	noun	swe	stilk	noun	nor
strå	noun	swe	strå	noun	nor
stråhatt	noun	swe	stråhatt	noun	nor
stråk	noun	swe	strøk	noun	nor
strålande	noun	swe	stråling	noun	nor
stråle	noun	swe	stråle	noun	nor
strålning	noun	swe	stråling	noun	nor
ström	noun	swe	straum	noun	nor
ström	noun	swe	strøm	noun	nor
strömstyrka	noun	swe	straumstyrke	noun	nor
strömstyrka	noun	swe	strømstyrke	noun	nor
strössel	noun	swe	dryss	noun	nor
stubb	noun	swe	stubb	noun	nor
stubb	noun	swe	stubbe	noun	nor
student	noun	swe	raudruss	noun	nor
student	noun	swe	rødruss	noun	nor
student	noun	swe	student	noun	nor
studie	noun	swe	studie	noun	nor
studielån	noun	swe	studielån	noun	nor
studium	noun	swe	studium	noun	nor
studs	noun	swe	stuss	noun	nor
stump	noun	swe	stump	noun	nor
stund	noun	swe	stund	noun	nor
stuns	noun	swe	stil	noun	nor
stup	noun	swe	skrent	noun	nor
stup	noun	swe	stup	noun	nor
stuv	noun	swe	stuv	noun	nor
stycke	noun	swe	bolk	noun	nor
stycke	noun	swe	stykke	noun	nor
styre	noun	swe	styr	noun	nor
styre	noun	swe	styr	noun	nor
styre	noun	swe	styre	noun	nor
styrelse	noun	swe	styre	noun	nor
styrka	noun	swe	styrke	noun	nor
styrning	noun	swe	styring	noun	nor
städ	noun	swe	ambolt	noun	nor
ställ	noun	swe	stell	noun	nor
ställ	noun	swe	sti	noun	nor
ställ	noun	swe	stil	noun	nor
ställe	noun	swe	stad	noun	nor
ställe	noun	swe	sted	noun	nor
ställning	noun	swe	stille	noun	nor
ställning	noun	swe	stilling	noun	nor
stämpel	noun	swe	stempel	noun	nor
stängning	noun	swe	stengsel	noun	nor
stänk	noun	swe	sprøyt	noun	nor
stänk	noun	swe	sprøyt	noun	nor
stärkelse	noun	swe	stive	noun	nor
stärkelse	noun	swe	stivelse	noun	nor
stäv	noun	swe	skarp	noun	nor
stäv	noun	swe	skarp	noun	nor
stäv	noun	swe	stev	noun	nor
ståhej	noun	swe	ståhei	noun	nor
stål	noun	swe	stål	noun	nor
stålman	noun	swe	supermann	noun	nor
stånd	noun	swe	stand	noun	nor
stånd	noun	swe	stand	noun	nor
ståndpunkt	noun	swe	standpunkt	noun	nor
stöd	noun	swe	stønad	noun	nor
stöd	noun	swe	støtte	noun	nor
stöd	noun	swe	trygd	noun	nor
stöld	noun	swe	tjuveri	noun	nor
stöld	noun	swe	tyveri	noun	nor
stör	noun	swe	pel	noun	nor
stör	noun	swe	påle	noun	nor
stör	noun	swe	pæl	noun	nor
stör	noun	swe	stør	noun	nor
stötta	noun	swe	stønad	noun	nor
stötta	noun	swe	støtte	noun	nor
stöttepelare	noun	swe	stønad	noun	nor
stöttepelare	noun	swe	støtte	noun	nor
stövel	noun	swe	støvel	noun	nor
subjekt	noun	swe	subjekt	noun	nor
subjektivitet	noun	swe	subjektivitet	noun	nor
subkultur	noun	swe	subkultur	noun	nor
substans	noun	swe	substans	noun	nor
substantiv	noun	swe	namnord	noun	nor
substantiv	noun	swe	substantiv	noun	nor
substitut	noun	swe	substitutt	noun	nor
substrat	noun	swe	substrat	noun	nor
suffix	noun	swe	suffiks	noun	nor
sug	noun	swe	sug	noun	nor
sugrör	noun	swe	sugerør	noun	nor
sulky	noun	swe	sulky	noun	nor
sultan	noun	swe	sultan	noun	nor
summa	noun	swe	sum	noun	nor
summa	noun	swe	sum	noun	nor
sump	noun	swe	dy	noun	nor
sump	noun	swe	sump	noun	nor
sund	noun	swe	sund	noun	nor
sunnimuslim	noun	swe	sunnimuslim	noun	nor
suppleant	noun	swe	suppleant	noun	nor
supporter	noun	swe	supporter	noun	nor
sura	noun	swe	sura	noun	nor
susning	noun	swe	sus	noun	nor
susning	noun	swe	susing	noun	nor
suspension	noun	swe	suspensjon	noun	nor
suveränitet	noun	swe	suverenitet	noun	nor
svacka	noun	swe	dump	noun	nor
svacka	noun	swe	fordypning	noun	nor
svacka	noun	swe	søkk	noun	nor
svada	noun	swe	svada	noun	nor
svaghet	noun	swe	svakhet	noun	nor
svaghet	noun	swe	veikskap	noun	nor
svalg	noun	swe	svelg	noun	nor
svalg	noun	swe	svelg	noun	nor
svallvåg	noun	swe	dønning	noun	nor
svammel	noun	swe	sludder	noun	nor
svammel	noun	swe	tøv	noun	nor
svamp	noun	swe	sopp	noun	nor
svamp	noun	swe	svamp	noun	nor
svans	noun	swe	hale	noun	nor
svans	noun	swe	svans	noun	nor
svar	noun	swe	svar	noun	nor
svar	noun	swe	tilsvar	noun	nor
svaromål	noun	swe	forsvar	noun	nor
svartsjuka	noun	swe	sjalusi	noun	nor
svartsjukedrama	noun	swe	sjalusidrama	noun	nor
svarv	noun	swe	dreiebenk	noun	nor
svarvare	noun	swe	drei	noun	nor
svastika	noun	swe	svastika	noun	nor
svavel	noun	swe	svovel	noun	nor
sveda	noun	swe	svie	noun	nor
svensk	noun	swe	svensk	noun	nor
svensk	noun	swe	svensk	noun	nor
svenska	noun	swe	svensk kvinne	noun	nor
svenska	noun	swe	svensk	noun	nor
svenska	noun	swe	svensk	noun	nor
svenska	noun	swe	svenske	noun	nor
svepning	noun	swe	likklede	noun	nor
svidande	noun	swe	skarp	noun	nor
svin	noun	swe	gris	noun	nor
svin	noun	swe	svin	noun	nor
svindel	noun	swe	svindel	noun	nor
svineri	noun	swe	sarv	noun	nor
svineri	noun	swe	svineri	noun	nor
sving	noun	swe	sleng	noun	nor
sving	noun	swe	sving	noun	nor
svinkött	noun	swe	sauekjøtt	noun	nor
svinkött	noun	swe	svinekjøtt	noun	nor
svinn	noun	swe	svinn	noun	nor
svit	noun	swe	farge	noun	nor
svit	noun	swe	fylgje	noun	nor
svit	noun	swe	følge	noun	nor
svit	noun	swe	følgje	noun	nor
svit	noun	swe	suite	noun	nor
svulst	noun	swe	svulst	noun	nor
svägerska	noun	swe	svigerinne	noun	nor
svält	noun	swe	sult	noun	nor
svält	noun	swe	svolt	noun	nor
sväng	noun	swe	sving	noun	nor
svänghjul	noun	swe	svinghjul	noun	nor
svängning	noun	swe	oscillator	noun	nor
svängrum	noun	swe	armslag	noun	nor
svärd	noun	swe	sverd	noun	nor
svärfar	noun	swe	svigerfar	noun	nor
svärm	noun	swe	sverm	noun	nor
svärson	noun	swe	svigerson	noun	nor
svärson	noun	swe	svigersønn	noun	nor
svärta	noun	swe	sjøorre	noun	nor
svävare	noun	swe	luftputebåt	noun	nor
svål	noun	swe	svor	noun	nor
svårighet	noun	swe	problem	noun	nor
svårighet	noun	swe	trøbbel	noun	nor
svårighet	noun	swe	vanske	noun	nor
svårighet	noun	swe	vanskelighet	noun	nor
sweater	noun	swe	jumper	noun	nor
sweater	noun	swe	sweater	noun	nor
swing	noun	swe	swing	noun	nor
syd	noun	swe	syd	noun	nor
syd	noun	swe	syd	noun	nor
syd	noun	swe	sør	noun	nor
syd	noun	swe	sør	noun	nor
sydpol	noun	swe	sørpol	noun	nor
sydstat	noun	swe	sørstat	noun	nor
syfilis	noun	swe	syfilis	noun	nor
syfte	noun	swe	formål	noun	nor
syfte	noun	swe	føremål	noun	nor
syfte	noun	swe	hensikt	noun	nor
sylt	noun	swe	syltetøy	noun	nor
symbios	noun	swe	symbiose	noun	nor
symbol	noun	swe	symbol	noun	nor
symbolik	noun	swe	symbolikk	noun	nor
symfoni	noun	swe	symfoni	noun	nor
symfoniorkester	noun	swe	symfoniorkester	noun	nor
symmetri	noun	swe	symmetri	noun	nor
symmetriplan	noun	swe	symmetriplan	noun	nor
sympati	noun	swe	sympati	noun	nor
sympatisör	noun	swe	sympatisør	noun	nor
symposium	noun	swe	symposium	noun	nor
symptom	noun	swe	symptom	noun	nor
symtom	noun	swe	symptom	noun	nor
syn	noun	swe	syn	noun	nor
syn	noun	swe	syn	noun	nor
synagoga	noun	swe	synagoge	noun	nor
synd	noun	swe	synd	noun	nor
syndabock	noun	swe	syndebukk	noun	nor
syndafall	noun	swe	syndefall	noun	nor
syndrom	noun	swe	syndrom	noun	nor
synkronisering	noun	swe	synkronisering	noun	nor
synod	noun	swe	synode	noun	nor
synonym	noun	swe	synonym	noun	nor
synopsis	noun	swe	synopsis	noun	nor
synpunkt	noun	swe	synspunkt	noun	nor
synsätt	noun	swe	synsmåte	noun	nor
synsätt	noun	swe	synsvinkel	noun	nor
syntes	noun	swe	syntese	noun	nor
synthesizer	noun	swe	synthesizer	noun	nor
syre	noun	swe	oksygen	noun	nor
syre	noun	swe	surstoff	noun	nor
syren	noun	swe	syrin	noun	nor
syrsa	noun	swe	siriss	noun	nor
syskon	noun	swe	søsken	noun	nor
syskon	noun	swe	søsken	noun	nor
syskonbarn	noun	swe	søskenbarn	noun	nor
sysselsättning	noun	swe	beskjeftigelse	noun	nor
sysselsättning	noun	swe	sysselsetting	noun	nor
syssla	noun	swe	gjeremål	noun	nor
syssla	noun	swe	gjøremål	noun	nor
system	noun	swe	system	noun	nor
systematik	noun	swe	systematikk	noun	nor
syster	noun	swe	søster	noun	nor
syster	noun	swe	søster	noun	nor
säck	noun	swe	sekk	noun	nor
säd	noun	swe	sed	noun	nor
säd	noun	swe	sæd	noun	nor
sädeskärve	noun	swe	kornnek	noun	nor
säkerhet	noun	swe	sikkerheit	noun	nor
säkerhet	noun	swe	sikkerhet	noun	nor
säkerhet	noun	swe	tryggleik	noun	nor
säkring	noun	swe	sikring	noun	nor
säl	noun	swe	kobbe	noun	nor
säl	noun	swe	sel	noun	nor
sällskap	noun	swe	gruppe	noun	nor
sällskap	noun	swe	selskap	noun	nor
sällskapsdjur	noun	swe	kjæledyr	noun	nor
sällskapsliv	noun	swe	selskapsliv	noun	nor
sällskapsrum	noun	swe	selskapslokale	noun	nor
sälunge	noun	swe	kvitunge	noun	nor
sändare	noun	swe	sendar	noun	nor
sändare	noun	swe	sender	noun	nor
sändebud	noun	swe	sendebod	noun	nor
sändebud	noun	swe	sendebud	noun	nor
sändning	noun	swe	sending	noun	nor
säng	noun	swe	seng	noun	nor
sängfösare	noun	swe	drink	noun	nor
sänghalm	noun	swe	sengehalm	noun	nor
sängläge	noun	swe	sengeleie	noun	nor
sänkning	noun	swe	dekk	noun	nor
sänkning	noun	swe	senkning	noun	nor
sänkning	noun	swe	søkk	noun	nor
särdrag	noun	swe	særtrekk	noun	nor
särgrupp	noun	swe	sergruppe	noun	nor
särgrupp	noun	swe	særgruppe	noun	nor
särk	noun	swe	nattkjole	noun	nor
särling	noun	swe	raring	noun	nor
särling	noun	swe	særling	noun	nor
särprägel	noun	swe	særpreg	noun	nor
säsong	noun	swe	sesong	noun	nor
säte	noun	swe	sete	noun	nor
säter	noun	swe	seter	noun	nor
sätt	noun	swe	måte	noun	nor
sätt	noun	swe	oppførsel	noun	nor
sätt	noun	swe	vis	noun	nor
sätt	noun	swe	vis	noun	nor
sättning	noun	swe	setning	noun	nor
sättning	noun	swe	setning	noun	nor
sågspån	noun	swe	sagmo	noun	nor
sågspån	noun	swe	sagmugg	noun	nor
sågspån	noun	swe	sagmugg	noun	nor
sågverk	noun	swe	sagbruk	noun	nor
sång	noun	swe	sang	noun	nor
sång	noun	swe	song	noun	nor
sångare	noun	swe	sanger	noun	nor
sångare	noun	swe	songar	noun	nor
sår	noun	swe	sår	noun	nor
sås	noun	swe	saus	noun	nor
söder	noun	swe	sør	noun	nor
sök	noun	swe	søk	noun	nor
sömn	noun	swe	svevn	noun	nor
sömn	noun	swe	søvn	noun	nor
söndag	noun	swe	søndag	noun	nor
sötvatten	noun	swe	ferskvann	noun	nor
sötvatten	noun	swe	ferskvatn	noun	nor
t-shirt	noun	swe	t-shirt	noun	nor
t-shirt	noun	swe	t-skjorte	noun	nor
tabell	noun	swe	tabell	noun	nor
tablett	noun	swe	tablett	noun	nor
tablå	noun	swe	skjema	noun	nor
tabu	noun	swe	tabu	noun	nor
tack	noun	swe	takk	noun	nor
tacka	noun	swe	søye	noun	nor
tacka	noun	swe	tikke	noun	nor
tag	noun	swe	tak	noun	nor
tagg	noun	swe	tagg	noun	nor
taggtråd	noun	swe	piggtråd	noun	nor
tak	noun	swe	loft	noun	nor
tak	noun	swe	tak	noun	nor
takt	noun	swe	takt	noun	nor
taktik	noun	swe	taktikk	noun	nor
taktslag	noun	swe	taktslag	noun	nor
tal	noun	swe	tal	noun	nor
tal	noun	swe	tall	noun	nor
talan	noun	swe	interesse	noun	nor
talan	noun	swe	interesse	noun	nor
talan	noun	swe	rett	noun	nor
talan	noun	swe	sak	noun	nor
talang	noun	swe	talent	noun	nor
talang	noun	swe	talent	noun	nor
talare	noun	swe	talar	noun	nor
talare	noun	swe	taler	noun	nor
talesätt	noun	swe	talemåte	noun	nor
talisman	noun	swe	talisman	noun	nor
talk	noun	swe	talk	noun	nor
tall	noun	swe	furu	noun	nor
tall	noun	swe	furutre	noun	nor
tall	noun	swe	furuved	noun	nor
tallrik	noun	swe	tallerken	noun	nor
talman	noun	swe	målsmann	noun	nor
talman	noun	swe	talsmann	noun	nor
talspråk	noun	swe	talespråk	noun	nor
tambur	noun	swe	entré	noun	nor
tamil	noun	swe	tamil	noun	nor
tamp	noun	swe	tamp	noun	nor
tamren	noun	swe	tamrein	noun	nor
tand	noun	swe	tann	noun	nor
tandkräm	noun	swe	tannkrem	noun	nor
tandkräm	noun	swe	tannpasta	noun	nor
tandkött	noun	swe	gumme	noun	nor
tandläkare	noun	swe	tannlege	noun	nor
tandläkare	noun	swe	tannlækjar	noun	nor
tandpasta	noun	swe	tannkrem	noun	nor
tangens	noun	swe	tange	noun	nor
tangent	noun	swe	tangent	noun	nor
tangentbord	noun	swe	tastatur	noun	nor
tango	noun	swe	tango	noun	nor
tank	noun	swe	stridsvogn	noun	nor
tank	noun	swe	tank	noun	nor
tanke	noun	swe	tanke	noun	nor
tankegång	noun	swe	tankegang	noun	nor
tanker	noun	swe	tankar	noun	nor
tanker	noun	swe	tanker	noun	nor
tantal	noun	swe	tantal	noun	nor
tape	noun	swe	limband	noun	nor
tape	noun	swe	tape	noun	nor
tapet	noun	swe	tapet	noun	nor
tapp	noun	swe	tapp	noun	nor
tariff	noun	swe	tariff	noun	nor
tarm	noun	swe	tarm	noun	nor
tarmbakterie	noun	swe	tarmbakterie	noun	nor
tarmkanal	noun	swe	tarmkanal	noun	nor
task	noun	swe	kuk	noun	nor
task	noun	swe	kukk	noun	nor
task	noun	swe	pikk	noun	nor
task	noun	swe	pikk	noun	nor
tass	noun	swe	pote	noun	nor
tatuering	noun	swe	tatovering	noun	nor
taverna	noun	swe	taverna	noun	nor
taxa	noun	swe	drosje	noun	nor
taxa	noun	swe	drosjebil	noun	nor
taxa	noun	swe	taxi	noun	nor
taxering	noun	swe	vurdering	noun	nor
taxi	noun	swe	taxi	noun	nor
taxonomi	noun	swe	taksonomi	noun	nor
te	noun	swe	te	noun	nor
te	noun	swe	te	noun	nor
teak	noun	swe	teak	noun	nor
team	noun	swe	team	noun	nor
teater	noun	swe	teater	noun	nor
teblad	noun	swe	teblad	noun	nor
tecken	noun	swe	tegn	noun	nor
tecken	noun	swe	teikn	noun	nor
teckenspråk	noun	swe	tegnspråk	noun	nor
teckenspråk	noun	swe	teiknspråk	noun	nor
tecknare	noun	swe	tegner	noun	nor
tecknare	noun	swe	teiknar	noun	nor
teckning	noun	swe	tegning	noun	nor
teckning	noun	swe	teikning	noun	nor
teddy	noun	swe	teddy	noun	nor
tefat	noun	swe	tefat	noun	nor
tegel	noun	swe	tegl	noun	nor
tegelsten	noun	swe	murstein	noun	nor
teint	noun	swe	teint	noun	nor
teism	noun	swe	teisme	noun	nor
teknik	noun	swe	teknologi	noun	nor
tekniker	noun	swe	teknikar	noun	nor
tekniker	noun	swe	tekniker	noun	nor
teknologi	noun	swe	teknologi	noun	nor
tekopp	noun	swe	tekopp	noun	nor
telefon	noun	swe	telefon	noun	nor
telefonapparat	noun	swe	telefonapparat	noun	nor
telefoni	noun	swe	telefoni	noun	nor
telefonkatalog	noun	swe	telefonkatalog	noun	nor
telefonnummer	noun	swe	telefonnummer	noun	nor
telefonsamtal	noun	swe	telefonsamtale	noun	nor
telefonstolpe	noun	swe	telefonstolpe	noun	nor
telefonterror	noun	swe	telefonterror	noun	nor
telefontråd	noun	swe	telefontråd	noun	nor
telegraf	noun	swe	telegraf	noun	nor
telegram	noun	swe	telegram	noun	nor
telekommunikation	noun	swe	telekommunikasjon	noun	nor
teleskop	noun	swe	teleskop	noun	nor
teve	noun	swe	tv	noun	nor
television	noun	swe	fjernsyn	noun	nor
television	noun	swe	televisjon	noun	nor
tv	noun	swe	tv	noun	nor
tema	noun	swe	tema	noun	nor
temanummer	noun	swe	temanummer	noun	nor
tematik	noun	swe	tematikk	noun	nor
tempel	noun	swe	tempel	noun	nor
temperament	noun	swe	temperament	noun	nor
temperatur	noun	swe	temp	noun	nor
temperatur	noun	swe	temperatur	noun	nor
tempo	noun	swe	tempo	noun	nor
tendens	noun	swe	tendens	noun	nor
tender	noun	swe	tender	noun	nor
tenn	noun	swe	tinn	noun	nor
tennis	noun	swe	tennis	noun	nor
tenor	noun	swe	tenor	noun	nor
tentamen	noun	swe	eksamen	noun	nor
tentator	noun	swe	eksaminator	noun	nor
teolog	noun	swe	teolog	noun	nor
teologi	noun	swe	teologi	noun	nor
teorem	noun	swe	teorem	noun	nor
teori	noun	swe	teori	noun	nor
tequila	noun	swe	tequila	noun	nor
terapeut	noun	swe	terapeut	noun	nor
terapi	noun	swe	terapi	noun	nor
term	noun	swe	term	noun	nor
termin	noun	swe	termin	noun	nor
terminal	noun	swe	terminal	noun	nor
terminologi	noun	swe	terminologi	noun	nor
termometer	noun	swe	gradestokk	noun	nor
termometer	noun	swe	termometer	noun	nor
terrass	noun	swe	terrasse	noun	nor
terrier	noun	swe	terrier	noun	nor
territorium	noun	swe	territorium	noun	nor
terror	noun	swe	terror	noun	nor
terrordåd	noun	swe	terrorisme	noun	nor
terrorist	noun	swe	terrorist	noun	nor
terränglöpning	noun	swe	terrengløp	noun	nor
tesla	noun	swe	tesla	noun	nor
test	noun	swe	test	noun	nor
test	noun	swe	test	noun	nor
testamente	noun	swe	testament	noun	nor
testamente	noun	swe	testamente	noun	nor
testator	noun	swe	testator	noun	nor
testikel	noun	swe	kodd	noun	nor
testikel	noun	swe	testikkel	noun	nor
testpilot	noun	swe	testpilot	noun	nor
text	noun	swe	tekst	noun	nor
textil	noun	swe	tekstil	noun	nor
textil	noun	swe	tekstil	noun	nor
thai	noun	swe	thai	noun	nor
thriller	noun	swe	thriller	noun	nor
tibetanska	noun	swe	tibetansk	noun	nor
tid	noun	swe	tid	noun	nor
tidevarv	noun	swe	tidsalder	noun	nor
tidevarv	noun	swe	tidsperiode	noun	nor
tidning	noun	swe	avis	noun	nor
tidning	noun	swe	blad	noun	nor
tidning	noun	swe	tidsskrift	noun	nor
tidningsdöd	noun	swe	avisdød	noun	nor
tidpunkt	noun	swe	tidspunkt	noun	nor
tidsfaktor	noun	swe	tidsfaktor	noun	nor
tidsfrist	noun	swe	tidsfrist	noun	nor
tidsintervall	noun	swe	tidsintervall	noun	nor
tidskrift	noun	swe	tidsskrift	noun	nor
tidsmått	noun	swe	tidsrom	noun	nor
tidsperspektiv	noun	swe	tidsperspektiv	noun	nor
tidspress	noun	swe	tidspress	noun	nor
tidssignal	noun	swe	tidssignal	noun	nor
tidsålder	noun	swe	tidsalder	noun	nor
tiger	noun	swe	tiger	noun	nor
tik	noun	swe	tispe	noun	nor
tillbakablick	noun	swe	tilbakeblikk	noun	nor
tillbakagång	noun	swe	tilbakegang	noun	nor
tillbehör	noun	swe	tilbehør	noun	nor
tillbehör	noun	swe	tilbehøyr	noun	nor
tillflykt	noun	swe	tilflukt	noun	nor
tillflöde	noun	swe	pågang	noun	nor
tillfälle	noun	swe	anledning	noun	nor
möjlighet	noun	swe	anledning	noun	nor
tillfälle	noun	swe	høve	noun	nor
tillfälle	noun	swe	leilighet	noun	nor
tillfälle	noun	swe	tidspunkt	noun	nor
tillfällighet	noun	swe	slump	noun	nor
tillfällighet	noun	swe	tilfeldighet	noun	nor
tillfällighet	noun	swe	tilfelle	noun	nor
tillförsel	noun	swe	tilførsel	noun	nor
tillgång	noun	swe	adgang	noun	nor
tillgång	noun	swe	tilgang	noun	nor
tillgång	noun	swe	tilgjenge	noun	nor
tillgång	noun	swe	åtgang	noun	nor
tillhygge	noun	swe	våpen	noun	nor
tillhörighet	noun	swe	eiendom	noun	nor
tillhörighet	noun	swe	eigedom	noun	nor
tillhörighet	noun	swe	eign	noun	nor
tillit	noun	swe	lit	noun	nor
tillit	noun	swe	tillit	noun	nor
tillkomst	noun	swe	tilkomst	noun	nor
tillnamn	noun	swe	tilnamn	noun	nor
tillnamn	noun	swe	tilnavn	noun	nor
tillopp	noun	swe	renne	noun	nor
tillopp	noun	swe	rennefart	noun	nor
tillopp	noun	swe	tilløp	noun	nor
tillrättavisning	noun	swe	korreks	noun	nor
tillrådan	noun	swe	nemnd	noun	nor
tillrådan	noun	swe	råd	noun	nor
tillrådan	noun	swe	råte	noun	nor
tillskott	noun	swe	tilskot	noun	nor
tillskott	noun	swe	tilskudd	noun	nor
tillslag	noun	swe	rassia	noun	nor
tillslag	noun	swe	razzia	noun	nor
tillströmning	noun	swe	pågang	noun	nor
tillstyrkan	noun	swe	tilslutning	noun	nor
tillstyrkan	noun	swe	tilslutting	noun	nor
tillstånd	noun	swe	løyve	noun	nor
tillstånd	noun	swe	tillatelse	noun	nor
tillstånd	noun	swe	tillating	noun	nor
tillstånd	noun	swe	tilstand	noun	nor
tillståndsbevis	noun	swe	bevilling	noun	nor
tillståndsbevis	noun	swe	løyve	noun	nor
tillsyn	noun	swe	tilsyn	noun	nor
tilltag	noun	swe	tiltak	noun	nor
tilltal	noun	swe	tiltale	noun	nor
tillträde	noun	swe	adgang	noun	nor
tillträde	noun	swe	tilgjenge	noun	nor
tillträde	noun	swe	åtgang	noun	nor
tilltugg	noun	swe	snacks	noun	nor
tillvaro	noun	swe	tilværelse	noun	nor
tillvaro	noun	swe	vere	noun	nor
tillverkare	noun	swe	produsent	noun	nor
tillverkning	noun	swe	avdrått	noun	nor
tillverkning	noun	swe	produksjon	noun	nor
tillvägagångssätt	noun	swe	framgangsmåte	noun	nor
tillvägagångssätt	noun	swe	fremgangsmåte	noun	nor
tillväxt	noun	swe	tilvekst	noun	nor
tillägg	noun	swe	tillegg	noun	nor
tillåtelse	noun	swe	løyve	noun	nor
tillåtelse	noun	swe	tillatelse	noun	nor
tillönskan	noun	swe	ynske	noun	nor
tillönskan	noun	swe	ønske	noun	nor
timglas	noun	swe	timeglas	noun	nor
timglas	noun	swe	timeglass	noun	nor
timjan	noun	swe	timian	noun	nor
timme	noun	swe	time	noun	nor
timmer	noun	swe	taum	noun	nor
timmer	noun	swe	tømme	noun	nor
timmer	noun	swe	tømmer	noun	nor
timmerhus	noun	swe	blokkhus	noun	nor
timmerstock	noun	swe	kubb	noun	nor
tina	noun	swe	tine	noun	nor
ting	noun	swe	ting	noun	nor
ting	noun	swe	ting	noun	nor
tingest	noun	swe	tingest	noun	nor
tingshus	noun	swe	tinghus	noun	nor
tingsrätt	noun	swe	namsrett	noun	nor
tiondel	noun	swe	tidel	noun	nor
tiotal	noun	swe	tital	noun	nor
tiotal	noun	swe	titall	noun	nor
tipp	noun	swe	tupp	noun	nor
tips	noun	swe	tips	noun	nor
tisdag	noun	swe	tirsdag	noun	nor
tisdag	noun	swe	tysdag	noun	nor
tistel	noun	swe	tistel	noun	nor
titan	noun	swe	titan	noun	nor
titan	noun	swe	titan	noun	nor
titel	noun	swe	tittel	noun	nor
titt	noun	swe	kikk	noun	nor
titt	noun	swe	kikk	noun	nor
titt	noun	swe	titt	noun	nor
tivoli	noun	swe	tivoli	noun	nor
tjeckiska	noun	swe	tsjekkisk	noun	nor
tjeckiska	noun	swe	tsjekkisk	noun	nor
tjej	noun	swe	jente	noun	nor
tjej	noun	swe	kei	noun	nor
tjej	noun	swe	pike	noun	nor
tjocka	noun	swe	tykke	noun	nor
tjomme	noun	swe	mannsperson	noun	nor
tjur	noun	swe	okse	noun	nor
tjuv	noun	swe	tjuv	noun	nor
tjuv	noun	swe	tyv	noun	nor
tjuveri	noun	swe	tjuveri	noun	nor
tjuveri	noun	swe	tyveri	noun	nor
tjuvstart	noun	swe	tjuvstart	noun	nor
tjänst	noun	swe	service	noun	nor
tjänst	noun	swe	servise	noun	nor
tjänst	noun	swe	teneste	noun	nor
tjänst	noun	swe	tjeneste	noun	nor
tjänsteman	noun	swe	betjent	noun	nor
tjänstgöring	noun	swe	teneste	noun	nor
tjänstgöring	noun	swe	tjeneste	noun	nor
tjärn	noun	swe	tjern	noun	nor
toalett	noun	swe	sanitæranlegg	noun	nor
toalett	noun	swe	toalett	noun	nor
toast	noun	swe	toast	noun	nor
tobak	noun	swe	tobakk	noun	nor
toga	noun	swe	toga	noun	nor
tolerans	noun	swe	toleranse	noun	nor
tolk	noun	swe	tolk	noun	nor
tolkning	noun	swe	tolking	noun	nor
tolkning	noun	swe	tolkning	noun	nor
tolvman	noun	swe	domsmann	noun	nor
tomat	noun	swe	tomat	noun	nor
tomgång	noun	swe	tomgang	noun	nor
tomrum	noun	swe	tomrom	noun	nor
tomt	noun	swe	tomt	noun	nor
ton	noun	swe	tone	noun	nor
tonfisk	noun	swe	makrellstørje	noun	nor
tonfisk	noun	swe	størje	noun	nor
tonfisk	noun	swe	tunfisk	noun	nor
tonåring	noun	swe	teenager	noun	nor
tonåring	noun	swe	tenåring	noun	nor
topp	noun	swe	topp	noun	nor
toppfart	noun	swe	toppfart	noun	nor
toppklass	noun	swe	toppklasse	noun	nor
topplån	noun	swe	topplån	noun	nor
toppnivå	noun	swe	toppnivå	noun	nor
torg	noun	swe	markedsplass	noun	nor
torg	noun	swe	marknadsplass	noun	nor
torg	noun	swe	plass	noun	nor
torg	noun	swe	torg	noun	nor
torg	noun	swe	torv	noun	nor
torg	noun	swe	torv	noun	nor
torka	noun	swe	tørke	noun	nor
torn	noun	swe	torn	noun	nor
torn	noun	swe	tårn	noun	nor
tornado	noun	swe	tornado	noun	nor
torp	noun	swe	bygd	noun	nor
torp	noun	swe	torp	noun	nor
torped	noun	swe	torpedo	noun	nor
torrfisk	noun	swe	tørrfisk	noun	nor
torsdag	noun	swe	torsdag	noun	nor
torsk	noun	swe	hån	noun	nor
torsk	noun	swe	tok	noun	nor
torsk	noun	swe	torsk	noun	nor
torsk	noun	swe	tosk	noun	nor
torso	noun	swe	bol	noun	nor
torso	noun	swe	bol	noun	nor
torso	noun	swe	bul	noun	nor
torso	noun	swe	torso	noun	nor
tortyr	noun	swe	tortur	noun	nor
torv	noun	swe	torv	noun	nor
torv	noun	swe	torv	noun	nor
torvtak	noun	swe	torvtak	noun	nor
tott	noun	swe	lurv	noun	nor
toupé	noun	swe	hårdott	noun	nor
tradition	noun	swe	tradisjon	noun	nor
trafik	noun	swe	trafikk	noun	nor
trafikant	noun	swe	trafikant	noun	nor
trafikkontroll	noun	swe	trafikkontroll	noun	nor
trafikregel	noun	swe	trafikkregel	noun	nor
tragedi	noun	swe	tragedie	noun	nor
trailer	noun	swe	trailer	noun	nor
trakasseri	noun	swe	trakasseri	noun	nor
trakt	noun	swe	område	noun	nor
trakt	noun	swe	trakt	noun	nor
traktamente	noun	swe	diett	noun	nor
traktat	noun	swe	traktat	noun	nor
traktor	noun	swe	traktor	noun	nor
trams	noun	swe	pølsevev	noun	nor
trams	noun	swe	tull	noun	nor
trams	noun	swe	tøys	noun	nor
trams	noun	swe	vrøvl	noun	nor
tran	noun	swe	tran	noun	nor
tranbär	noun	swe	tranebær	noun	nor
trance	noun	swe	trance	noun	nor
trance	noun	swe	transe	noun	nor
transaktion	noun	swe	transaksjon	noun	nor
transfer	noun	swe	transfer	noun	nor
transformation	noun	swe	transformasjon	noun	nor
transformator	noun	swe	trafo	noun	nor
transformator	noun	swe	transformator	noun	nor
transistor	noun	swe	transistor	noun	nor
transparang	noun	swe	transparent	noun	nor
transparang	noun	swe	transparent	noun	nor
transport	noun	swe	transport	noun	nor
transportband	noun	swe	transportband	noun	nor
transportmedel	noun	swe	framkomstmiddel	noun	nor
transportmedel	noun	swe	transportmiddel	noun	nor
transportör	noun	swe	transportør	noun	nor
trappa	noun	swe	trapp	noun	nor
trappa	noun	swe	tropp	noun	nor
trappräcke	noun	swe	gelender	noun	nor
trappsteg	noun	swe	trappesteg	noun	nor
trappsteg	noun	swe	trappetrin	noun	nor
trappsteg	noun	swe	trappetrinn	noun	nor
trappsteg	noun	swe	troppesteg	noun	nor
trappsteg	noun	swe	troppetrinn	noun	nor
trasa	noun	swe	fille	noun	nor
trasa	noun	swe	klut	noun	nor
tratt	noun	swe	trakt	noun	nor
trav	noun	swe	trav	noun	nor
trav	noun	swe	trav	noun	nor
travsport	noun	swe	travsport	noun	nor
tredjedel	noun	swe	tredel	noun	nor
tredjedel	noun	swe	tredjedel	noun	nor
tredjedel	noun	swe	tredjepart	noun	nor
trekant	noun	swe	trekant	noun	nor
trend	noun	swe	trend	noun	nor
trevnad	noun	swe	kos	noun	nor
triangel	noun	swe	trekant	noun	nor
tribunal	noun	swe	tribunal	noun	nor
trick	noun	swe	trick	noun	nor
trick	noun	swe	triks	noun	nor
trilogi	noun	swe	trilogi	noun	nor
trio	noun	swe	trio	noun	nor
triumf	noun	swe	triumf	noun	nor
trivsel	noun	swe	trivsel	noun	nor
tro	noun	swe	tro	noun	nor
tro	noun	swe	tru	noun	nor
troll	noun	swe	troll	noun	nor
trolldom	noun	swe	gand	noun	nor
trolldom	noun	swe	trolldom	noun	nor
trollkarl	noun	swe	trollmann	noun	nor
trollkonst	noun	swe	gand	noun	nor
trollkonst	noun	swe	trolldom	noun	nor
trollstav	noun	swe	tryllestav	noun	nor
trombon	noun	swe	trombone	noun	nor
tron	noun	swe	trone	noun	nor
tronarvinge	noun	swe	tronarving	noun	nor
trop	noun	swe	tropp	noun	nor
trottoar	noun	swe	fortau	noun	nor
truck	noun	swe	truck	noun	nor
trumma	noun	swe	tromme	noun	nor
trummis	noun	swe	trommis	noun	nor
trumpet	noun	swe	trompet	noun	nor
trumslagare	noun	swe	trommeslagar	noun	nor
trumslagare	noun	swe	trommeslager	noun	nor
trupp	noun	swe	tropp	noun	nor
trupp	noun	swe	trupp	noun	nor
trust	noun	swe	trust	noun	nor
trut	noun	swe	måke	noun	nor
trut	noun	swe	måse	noun	nor
trut	noun	swe	trut	noun	nor
tryck	noun	swe	trykk	noun	nor
tryck	noun	swe	trykk	noun	nor
trycke	noun	swe	handtak	noun	nor
trycke	noun	swe	hendel	noun	nor
trycke	noun	swe	håndtak	noun	nor
tryckeri	noun	swe	trykkeri	noun	nor
tryckning	noun	swe	trykk	noun	nor
tryckning	noun	swe	trykk	noun	nor
tryffel	noun	swe	trøffel	noun	nor
trygghet	noun	swe	trygd	noun	nor
trygghet	noun	swe	trygghet	noun	nor
trygghet	noun	swe	tryggleik	noun	nor
tryne	noun	swe	tryne	noun	nor
trä	noun	swe	trevirke	noun	nor
trä	noun	swe	tre	noun	nor
träd	noun	swe	tre	noun	nor
trädgård	noun	swe	hage	noun	nor
trädgård	noun	swe	have	noun	nor
trädgårdsodling	noun	swe	hagebruk	noun	nor
trädgårdsskötsel	noun	swe	hagebruk	noun	nor
träff	noun	swe	treff	noun	nor
träldom	noun	swe	slaveri	noun	nor
träning	noun	swe	trening	noun	nor
träsk	noun	swe	marsk	noun	nor
tråd	noun	swe	hyssing	noun	nor
tråd	noun	swe	tråd	noun	nor
tröja	noun	swe	genser	noun	nor
tröja	noun	swe	trøye	noun	nor
tröskel	noun	swe	terskel	noun	nor
tröst	noun	swe	trøst	noun	nor
tröst	noun	swe	trøyst	noun	nor
trötthet	noun	swe	trøtthet	noun	nor
tub	noun	swe	tube	noun	nor
tuba	noun	swe	tuba	noun	nor
tuberkulos	noun	swe	tuberkulose	noun	nor
tugga	noun	swe	jafs	noun	nor
tugga	noun	swe	munnfull	noun	nor
tuggbuss	noun	swe	skrå	noun	nor
tuggummi	noun	swe	tyggegummi	noun	nor
tuggummi	noun	swe	tyggis	noun	nor
tuggummi	noun	swe	tyggjegummi	noun	nor
tull	noun	swe	toll	noun	nor
tulpan	noun	swe	tulipan	noun	nor
tumme	noun	swe	tomme	noun	nor
tumme	noun	swe	tommel	noun	nor
tumme	noun	swe	tommeltott	noun	nor
tumregel	noun	swe	tommelfingerregel	noun	nor
tumult	noun	swe	tumult	noun	nor
tumör	noun	swe	tumor	noun	nor
tundra	noun	swe	tundra	noun	nor
tuner	noun	swe	tuner	noun	nor
tunga	noun	swe	tunge	noun	nor
tungomål	noun	swe	sprog	noun	nor
tungomål	noun	swe	språk	noun	nor
tungspene	noun	swe	drøvel	noun	nor
tunna	noun	swe	kagge	noun	nor
tunna	noun	swe	tønne	noun	nor
tunnbröd	noun	swe	flatbrød	noun	nor
flarn	noun	swe	flak	noun	nor
tunnbröd	noun	swe	kling	noun	nor
tunnel	noun	swe	tunnel	noun	nor
tunnelbana	noun	swe	metro	noun	nor
tur¹	noun	swe	tur	noun	nor
tur¹	noun	swe	flaks	noun	nor
tur²	noun	swe	tur	noun	nor
turbin	noun	swe	turbin	noun	nor
turbinmotor	noun	swe	gassturbin	noun	nor
turbulens	noun	swe	turbulens	noun	nor
turism	noun	swe	turisme	noun	nor
turist	noun	swe	turist	noun	nor
turk	noun	swe	tyrkar	noun	nor
turk	noun	swe	tyrker	noun	nor
turkos	noun	swe	turkis	noun	nor
turlista	noun	swe	kjøreplan	noun	nor
turlista	noun	swe	køyreplan	noun	nor
turnering	noun	swe	turnering	noun	nor
turné	noun	swe	turné	noun	nor
tusch	noun	swe	tusj	noun	nor
tusensköna	noun	swe	tusenfryd	noun	nor
tusental	noun	swe	tusental	noun	nor
tuss	noun	swe	lurv	noun	nor
tuss	noun	swe	tuss	noun	nor
tutte	noun	swe	bringe	noun	nor
tutte	noun	swe	bryst	noun	nor
tutte	noun	swe	pupp	noun	nor
tvekan	noun	swe	tvil	noun	nor
tvilling	noun	swe	tvilling	noun	nor
tvist	noun	swe	tvist	noun	nor
tvivel	noun	swe	tvil	noun	nor
tvivelsmål	noun	swe	tvil	noun	nor
tvärdrag	noun	swe	gjennomtrekk	noun	nor
tvärsnitt	noun	swe	tverrsnitt	noun	nor
tvättmaskin	noun	swe	vaskemaskin	noun	nor
tvättmedel	noun	swe	vaskemiddel	noun	nor
tvättstuga	noun	swe	eldhus	noun	nor
tvättstuga	noun	swe	vaskeri	noun	nor
tvåa	noun	swe	total	noun	nor
tvåa	noun	swe	total	noun	nor
tvång	noun	swe	tvang	noun	nor
tvångsarbete	noun	swe	tvangsarbeid	noun	nor
tvångstanke	noun	swe	tvangstanke	noun	nor
twist	noun	swe	twist	noun	nor
tycke	noun	swe	meining	noun	nor
tycke	noun	swe	mening	noun	nor
tycke	noun	swe	tjukke	noun	nor
tycke	noun	swe	tykke	noun	nor
tyda	noun	swe	omen	noun	nor
tyda	noun	swe	varsel	noun	nor
tyfon	noun	swe	tyfon	noun	nor
tyg	noun	swe	klede	noun	nor
tyg	noun	swe	klær	noun	nor
tyg	noun	swe	plagg	noun	nor
tyg	noun	swe	tøy	noun	nor
tyg	noun	swe	tøying	noun	nor
tyngdpunkt	noun	swe	tyngdepunkt	noun	nor
typ	noun	swe	type	noun	nor
typexempel	noun	swe	type	noun	nor
typograf	noun	swe	typograf	noun	nor
typografi	noun	swe	typografi	noun	nor
tyranni	noun	swe	tyranni	noun	nor
tysk	noun	swe	tyskar	noun	nor
tysk	noun	swe	tysker	noun	nor
tyska	noun	swe	tysk	noun	nor
tyska	noun	swe	tysk	noun	nor
tyska	noun	swe	tyskar	noun	nor
tyska	noun	swe	tysker	noun	nor
tystnad	noun	swe	stillheit	noun	nor
tystnad	noun	swe	stillhet	noun	nor
tystnad	noun	swe	tagnad	noun	nor
tystnad	noun	swe	tausheit	noun	nor
tystnad	noun	swe	taushet	noun	nor
tystnad	noun	swe	teiing	noun	nor
tystnad	noun	swe	togn	noun	nor
täckdikning	noun	swe	drenasje	noun	nor
täcke	noun	swe	dekke	noun	nor
täckelse	noun	swe	dekke	noun	nor
täckförband	noun	swe	bind	noun	nor
täckmantel	noun	swe	dekke	noun	nor
tält	noun	swe	telt	noun	nor
tänkesätt	noun	swe	tenkemåte	noun	nor
tänkesätt	noun	swe	tenkemåte	noun	nor
tärning	noun	swe	terning	noun	nor
tätort	noun	swe	tettstad	noun	nor
tätort	noun	swe	tettsted	noun	nor
tävlan	noun	swe	konkurranse	noun	nor
tävling	noun	swe	dyst	noun	nor
tävling	noun	swe	konkurranse	noun	nor
tå	noun	swe	tå	noun	nor
tåg	noun	swe	tau	noun	nor
tåg	noun	swe	tog	noun	nor
tång	noun	swe	tang	noun	nor
tår	noun	swe	tår	noun	nor
tår	noun	swe	tåre	noun	nor
tårta	noun	swe	kake	noun	nor
tårta	noun	swe	terte	noun	nor
tåt	noun	swe	lurv	noun	nor
töcken	noun	swe	tåke	noun	nor
törst	noun	swe	tørst	noun	nor
u-land	noun	swe	u-land	noun	nor
ubåt	noun	swe	ubåt	noun	nor
udd	noun	swe	tupp	noun	nor
udde	noun	swe	pynt	noun	nor
ufo	noun	swe	ufo	noun	nor
uggla	noun	swe	ugle	noun	nor
ugn	noun	swe	omn	noun	nor
ull	noun	swe	ull	noun	nor
ullgarn	noun	swe	ullgarn	noun	nor
ullhår	noun	swe	ullhår	noun	nor
ultraljud	noun	swe	ultraljod	noun	nor
ultraljud	noun	swe	ultralyd	noun	nor
ultraljud	noun	swe	ultralyd	noun	nor
ulv	noun	swe	ulv	noun	nor
umbärande	noun	swe	sakn	noun	nor
umgänge	noun	swe	befatning	noun	nor
umgänge	noun	swe	hopehav	noun	nor
umgänge	noun	swe	omgang	noun	nor
undantag	noun	swe	unntak	noun	nor
undantagsfall	noun	swe	unntakstilfelle	noun	nor
undantagstillstånd	noun	swe	unntakstilstand	noun	nor
underarm	noun	swe	underarm	noun	nor
undergrund	noun	swe	undergrunn	noun	nor
undergång	noun	swe	undergang	noun	nor
underhus	noun	swe	underhus	noun	nor
underhåll	noun	swe	vedlikehald	noun	nor
underhåll	noun	swe	vedlikehold	noun	nor
underhållsbidrag	noun	swe	barnebidrag	noun	nor
underkant	noun	swe	underkant	noun	nor
underlag	noun	swe	underlag	noun	nor
underleverantör	noun	swe	underleverandør	noun	nor
undermedvetande	noun	swe	underbevissthet	noun	nor
underofficer	noun	swe	underoffiser	noun	nor
underrede	noun	swe	understell	noun	nor
undersida	noun	swe	underside	noun	nor
underskott	noun	swe	underskot	noun	nor
underskott	noun	swe	underskott	noun	nor
underskott	noun	swe	underskudd	noun	nor
understrykning	noun	swe	understrekning	noun	nor
underström	noun	swe	dragsug	noun	nor
underström	noun	swe	understraum	noun	nor
underström	noun	swe	understrøm	noun	nor
understöd	noun	swe	stønad	noun	nor
understöd	noun	swe	trygd	noun	nor
undersåte	noun	swe	undersått	noun	nor
undersökning	noun	swe	undersøkelse	noun	nor
undersökning	noun	swe	undersøking	noun	nor
undertecknare	noun	swe	signatar	noun	nor
undertitel	noun	swe	undertittel	noun	nor
undertryck	noun	swe	undertrykk	noun	nor
underverk	noun	swe	underverk	noun	nor
undervisning	noun	swe	undervisning	noun	nor
undervisningstimme	noun	swe	undervisningstime	noun	nor
ungdjur	noun	swe	ungdyr	noun	nor
ungdom	noun	swe	ungdom	noun	nor
ungdomstid	noun	swe	ungdomstid	noun	nor
unge	noun	swe	knøtt	noun	nor
unge	noun	swe	unge	noun	nor
ungkarl	noun	swe	ungkar	noun	nor
ungrare	noun	swe	ungar	noun	nor
ungrare	noun	swe	ungarar	noun	nor
ungrare	noun	swe	ungarer	noun	nor
union	noun	swe	union	noun	nor
universitet	noun	swe	universitet	noun	nor
universitetslektor	noun	swe	universitetslektor	noun	nor
universum	noun	swe	univers	noun	nor
universum	noun	swe	universum	noun	nor
uppbyggnad	noun	swe	oppbygning	noun	nor
uppdrag	noun	swe	oppdrag	noun	nor
uppdrag	noun	swe	oppgave	noun	nor
uppdrag	noun	swe	oppgåve	noun	nor
uppehåll	noun	swe	opphald	noun	nor
uppehåll	noun	swe	opphold	noun	nor
uppehåll	noun	swe	vist	noun	nor
uppehållsort	noun	swe	opphaldsstad	noun	nor
uppehållsort	noun	swe	oppholdssted	noun	nor
uppehållsort	noun	swe	tilhaldsstad	noun	nor
uppfattning	noun	swe	oppfatning	noun	nor
uppfattning	noun	swe	oppfatting	noun	nor
uppfinning	noun	swe	oppfinnelse	noun	nor
uppfinning	noun	swe	oppfinning	noun	nor
uppfostran	noun	swe	oppdragelse	noun	nor
uppfostran	noun	swe	oppdraging	noun	nor
uppfostran	noun	swe	oppseding	noun	nor
uppfödare	noun	swe	al	noun	nor
uppfödare	noun	swe	al	noun	nor
uppfödare	noun	swe	oppdrett	noun	nor
uppförande	noun	swe	ferd	noun	nor
uppförande	noun	swe	oppbygning	noun	nor
uppgift	noun	swe	oppdrag	noun	nor
uppgift	noun	swe	oppgave	noun	nor
uppgift	noun	swe	oppgåve	noun	nor
uppgång	noun	swe	oppgang	noun	nor
uppgörelse	noun	swe	oppgjør	noun	nor
upphandling	noun	swe	forhandling	noun	nor
upphov	noun	swe	opphav	noun	nor
upphovsman	noun	swe	opphavsmann	noun	nor
upphovsrätt	noun	swe	opphavsrett	noun	nor
uppkast	noun	swe	forslag	noun	nor
uppkok	noun	swe	oppkok	noun	nor
uppkomling	noun	swe	oppkomling	noun	nor
uppkomst	noun	swe	oppkomst	noun	nor
uppköp	noun	swe	oppkjøp	noun	nor
upplag	noun	swe	sjikt	noun	nor
upplaga	noun	swe	opplag	noun	nor
upplevelse	noun	swe	opplevelse	noun	nor
upplevelse	noun	swe	oppleving	noun	nor
upplopp	noun	swe	oppløp	noun	nor
upplysning	noun	swe	opplysing	noun	nor
upplysning	noun	swe	opplysning	noun	nor
upplägg	noun	swe	opplegg	noun	nor
upplösning	noun	swe	oppløsning	noun	nor
uppmaning	noun	swe	oppfordring	noun	nor
uppmarsch	noun	swe	oppmarsj	noun	nor
uppmärksamhet	noun	swe	ans	noun	nor
uppmärksamhet	noun	swe	ans	noun	nor
uppmärksamhet	noun	swe	merksemd	noun	nor
uppmärksamhet	noun	swe	oppmerksomhet	noun	nor
upprepning	noun	swe	gjentak	noun	nor
upprinnelse	noun	swe	opphav	noun	nor
upprinnelse	noun	swe	opprinnelse	noun	nor
upprop	noun	swe	opprop	noun	nor
uppror	noun	swe	opprør	noun	nor
upprorsmakare	noun	swe	opprørar	noun	nor
upprorsmakare	noun	swe	opprører	noun	nor
uppräkning	noun	swe	opprekning	noun	nor
upprördhet	noun	swe	harm	noun	nor
upprördhet	noun	swe	harme	noun	nor
uppsats	noun	swe	oppdrag	noun	nor
uppsats	noun	swe	oppgave	noun	nor
uppsats	noun	swe	oppgåve	noun	nor
uppsikt	noun	swe	bisn	noun	nor
uppsikt	noun	swe	bisn	noun	nor
uppsikt	noun	swe	oppsikt	noun	nor
uppsikt	noun	swe	oppsikt	noun	nor
uppsikt	noun	swe	åtgaum	noun	nor
uppslag	noun	swe	forslag	noun	nor
uppslag	noun	swe	oppslag	noun	nor
uppslagsverk	noun	swe	oppslagsverk	noun	nor
uppslutning	noun	swe	tilslutning	noun	nor
uppslutning	noun	swe	tilslutting	noun	nor
uppsträckning	noun	swe	korreks	noun	nor
uppstötning	noun	swe	rap	noun	nor
uppsving	noun	swe	oppsving	noun	nor
uppsåt	noun	swe	føremål	noun	nor
uppsåt	noun	swe	hensikt	noun	nor
upptagning	noun	swe	opptak	noun	nor
upptakt	noun	swe	opptakt	noun	nor
uppträdande	noun	swe	framferd	noun	nor
uppträdande	noun	swe	opptreden	noun	nor
uppträde	noun	swe	opptrinn	noun	nor
upptäckt	noun	swe	oppdagelse	noun	nor
upptäckt	noun	swe	oppdaging	noun	nor
upptåg	noun	swe	opptog	noun	nor
uppvaktning	noun	swe	besøk	noun	nor
uppvärmning	noun	swe	oppvarming	noun	nor
uppväxt	noun	swe	oppdragelse	noun	nor
uppväxt	noun	swe	oppseding	noun	nor
ur	noun	swe	klokke	noun	nor
ur	noun	swe	ur	noun	nor
uran	noun	swe	uran	noun	nor
urin	noun	swe	urin	noun	nor
urinprov	noun	swe	urinprøve	noun	nor
urpremiär	noun	swe	urpremiere	noun	nor
urskillning	noun	swe	dømmekraft	noun	nor
urskillning	noun	swe	skjønsemd	noun	nor
ursprung	noun	swe	opphav	noun	nor
ursprung	noun	swe	opprinnelse	noun	nor
urval	noun	swe	utval	noun	nor
urval	noun	swe	utvalg	noun	nor
urverk	noun	swe	urverk	noun	nor
usling	noun	swe	larv	noun	nor
usling	noun	swe	usling	noun	nor
utbildning	noun	swe	utdaning	noun	nor
utbildning	noun	swe	utdannelse	noun	nor
utbildning	noun	swe	utdanning	noun	nor
utbredning	noun	swe	utbredelse	noun	nor
utbredning	noun	swe	utbreiing	noun	nor
utbrott	noun	swe	utbrot	noun	nor
utbrott	noun	swe	utbrudd	noun	nor
utbud	noun	swe	tilbod	noun	nor
utbud	noun	swe	tilbud	noun	nor
utbyggnad	noun	swe	utbygging	noun	nor
utbyte	noun	swe	utveksling	noun	nor
utdelning	noun	swe	utbytte	noun	nor
utdelning	noun	swe	utdeling	noun	nor
utdrag	noun	swe	utdrag	noun	nor
uteslutning	noun	swe	eksklusjon	noun	nor
utfall	noun	swe	utfall	noun	nor
utformning	noun	swe	utforming	noun	nor
utforskning	noun	swe	utforskning	noun	nor
utgift	noun	swe	opplag	noun	nor
utgift	noun	swe	utgift	noun	nor
utgivning	noun	swe	utgivelse	noun	nor
utgivning	noun	swe	utgjeving	noun	nor
utgång	noun	swe	utgang	noun	nor
utgångsläge	noun	swe	utgangspunkt	noun	nor
utgångspunkt	noun	swe	utgangspunkt	noun	nor
utgåva	noun	swe	utgave	noun	nor
utgåva	noun	swe	utgåve	noun	nor
uthus	noun	swe	uthus	noun	nor
uthyrning	noun	swe	leie	noun	nor
uthyrning	noun	swe	leie	noun	nor
uthyrning	noun	swe	lægje	noun	nor
uthållighet	noun	swe	uthald	noun	nor
uthållighet	noun	swe	utholdenhet	noun	nor
utkant	noun	swe	utkant	noun	nor
utkast	noun	swe	utkast	noun	nor
utkik	noun	swe	utkikk	noun	nor
utland	noun	swe	utland	noun	nor
utlopp	noun	swe	utløp	noun	nor
utlägg	noun	swe	utlegg	noun	nor
utlänning	noun	swe	utlending	noun	nor
utlåning	noun	swe	utlån	noun	nor
utmaning	noun	swe	utfordring	noun	nor
utmark	noun	swe	utmark	noun	nor
utmärkelse	noun	swe	utmerkelse	noun	nor
utmärkelse	noun	swe	utmerking	noun	nor
utopi	noun	swe	utopi	noun	nor
utredning	noun	swe	undersøkelse	noun	nor
utredning	noun	swe	undersøking	noun	nor
utredning	noun	swe	utgreiing	noun	nor
utredning	noun	swe	utredning	noun	nor
utrikesminister	noun	swe	utanriksminister	noun	nor
utrikesminister	noun	swe	utenriksminister	noun	nor
utrop	noun	swe	utrop	noun	nor
utrustning	noun	swe	utstyr	noun	nor
utrymme	noun	swe	plass	noun	nor
utrymme	noun	swe	rom	noun	nor
utsaga	noun	swe	utsagn	noun	nor
utsaga	noun	swe	utsegn	noun	nor
utseende	noun	swe	syne	noun	nor
utseende	noun	swe	utseende	noun	nor
utseende	noun	swe	utsjånad	noun	nor
utsikt	noun	swe	utsikt	noun	nor
utsikt	noun	swe	vy	noun	nor
utsiktspunkt	noun	swe	utsiktspunkt	noun	nor
utskick	noun	swe	brev	noun	nor
utskott	noun	swe	utskot	noun	nor
utskott	noun	swe	utskudd	noun	nor
utskott	noun	swe	utval	noun	nor
utskott	noun	swe	utvalg	noun	nor
utslag	noun	swe	utslag	noun	nor
utslag	noun	swe	utslett	noun	nor
utsnitt	noun	swe	utsnitt	noun	nor
utspel	noun	swe	utspel	noun	nor
utspel	noun	swe	utspill	noun	nor
utsprång	noun	swe	utspring	noun	nor
utsträckning	noun	swe	utstrekking	noun	nor
utsträckning	noun	swe	utstrekning	noun	nor
utstyrsel	noun	swe	utstyr	noun	nor
utställning	noun	swe	utstilling	noun	nor
utsändning	noun	swe	sending	noun	nor
uttag	noun	swe	uttak	noun	nor
uttagning	noun	swe	uttak	noun	nor
uttal	noun	swe	uttale	noun	nor
uttalande	noun	swe	fråsegn	noun	nor
uttalande	noun	swe	utsegn	noun	nor
uttalande	noun	swe	uttalelse	noun	nor
utter	noun	swe	skag	noun	nor
utter	noun	swe	skage	noun	nor
uttryck	noun	swe	uttrykk	noun	nor
utveckling	noun	swe	utvikling	noun	nor
utvecklingsland	noun	swe	utviklingsland	noun	nor
utvidgning	noun	swe	utvidelse	noun	nor
utvidgning	noun	swe	utviding	noun	nor
utvikning	noun	swe	avvik	noun	nor
utväg	noun	swe	utveg	noun	nor
utväg	noun	swe	utvei	noun	nor
utvärdering	noun	swe	vurdering	noun	nor
utväxling	noun	swe	utveksling	noun	nor
utäga	noun	swe	utmark	noun	nor
utökning	noun	swe	utvidelse	noun	nor
utökning	noun	swe	utviding	noun	nor
utövande	noun	swe	utøvelse	noun	nor
utövande	noun	swe	utøving	noun	nor
utövare	noun	swe	utøvar	noun	nor
utövare	noun	swe	utøver	noun	nor
utövning	noun	swe	utøvelse	noun	nor
utövning	noun	swe	utøving	noun	nor
uv	noun	swe	hubro	noun	nor
vaccination	noun	swe	vaksinasjon	noun	nor
vaccinering	noun	swe	vaksinasjon	noun	nor
vad	noun	swe	veddemål	noun	nor
vad	noun	swe	legg	noun	nor
vad	noun	swe	legg	noun	nor
vagabond	noun	swe	fant	noun	nor
vagabond	noun	swe	vagabond	noun	nor
vagga	noun	swe	vogge	noun	nor
vagga	noun	swe	vugge	noun	nor
vagina	noun	swe	vagina	noun	nor
vagn	noun	swe	vagn	noun	nor
vakansförordnande	noun	swe	vikariat	noun	nor
vakt	noun	swe	vakt	noun	nor
vaktel	noun	swe	vaktel	noun	nor
vakthund	noun	swe	vaktbikkje	noun	nor
vakthund	noun	swe	vakthund	noun	nor
vaktmästare	noun	swe	kelner	noun	nor
vaktmästare	noun	swe	tenar	noun	nor
vaktmästare	noun	swe	tjener	noun	nor
vaktpost	noun	swe	vaktpost	noun	nor
vakuum	noun	swe	vakuum	noun	nor
val	noun	swe	hval	noun	nor
val	noun	swe	kval	noun	nor
val	noun	swe	røysting	noun	nor
val	noun	swe	val	noun	nor
val	noun	swe	val	noun	nor
val	noun	swe	valg	noun	nor
valack	noun	swe	vallak	noun	nor
vall	noun	swe	vald	noun	nor
vall	noun	swe	vold	noun	nor
vall	noun	swe	voll	noun	nor
vallgrav	noun	swe	vollgrav	noun	nor
valman	noun	swe	velger	noun	nor
valman	noun	swe	veljar	noun	nor
valmöjlighet	noun	swe	valfridom	noun	nor
valmöjlighet	noun	swe	valgmulighet	noun	nor
valmöjlighet	noun	swe	valmoglegheit	noun	nor
valp	noun	swe	hvalp	noun	nor
valp	noun	swe	kvalp	noun	nor
valp	noun	swe	kvelp	noun	nor
valp	noun	swe	valp	noun	nor
vals	noun	swe	vals	noun	nor
valsverk	noun	swe	valseverk	noun	nor
valuta	noun	swe	valuta	noun	nor
valutafond	noun	swe	valutafond	noun	nor
valutahandel	noun	swe	valutahandel	noun	nor
valutaklausul	noun	swe	valutaklausul	noun	nor
valutakurs	noun	swe	valutakurs	noun	nor
valv	noun	swe	bankboks	noun	nor
vampyr	noun	swe	vampyr	noun	nor
van	noun	swe	van	noun	nor
vana	noun	swe	vane	noun	nor
vandal	noun	swe	vandal	noun	nor
vandalisering	noun	swe	herverk	noun	nor
vandalisering	noun	swe	hærverk	noun	nor
vandalisering	noun	swe	skadeverk	noun	nor
vanilj	noun	swe	vanilje	noun	nor
vansinne	noun	swe	vanvidd	noun	nor
vansinne	noun	swe	vanvit	noun	nor
vant	noun	swe	vant	noun	nor
vante	noun	swe	vott	noun	nor
vanvett	noun	swe	vanvidd	noun	nor
vanvett	noun	swe	vanvit	noun	nor
vapen	noun	swe	våpen	noun	nor
vapensköld	noun	swe	våpenskjold	noun	nor
vara	noun	swe	vare	noun	nor
vardag	noun	swe	hverdag	noun	nor
vardag	noun	swe	kvardag	noun	nor
vardag	noun	swe	ukedag	noun	nor
vardag	noun	swe	vekedag	noun	nor
vardagsrum	noun	swe	dagligstue	noun	nor
vardagsrum	noun	swe	stue	noun	nor
varde	noun	swe	varde	noun	nor
varelse	noun	swe	vesen	noun	nor
varg	noun	swe	gråbein	noun	nor
varg	noun	swe	varg	noun	nor
variabel	noun	swe	variabel	noun	nor
variant	noun	swe	variant	noun	nor
variation	noun	swe	variasjon	noun	nor
varning	noun	swe	advarsel	noun	nor
varning	noun	swe	varsku	noun	nor
varning	noun	swe	åtvaring	noun	nor
varningssignal	noun	swe	alarmsignal	noun	nor
varp	noun	swe	varp	noun	nor
varp	noun	swe	varp	noun	nor
varsel	noun	swe	omen	noun	nor
varsel	noun	swe	varsel	noun	nor
varuhus	noun	swe	varehus	noun	nor
varuhus	noun	swe	varemagasin	noun	nor
varulv	noun	swe	varulv	noun	nor
varv	noun	swe	runde	noun	nor
varv	noun	swe	verft	noun	nor
vase	noun	swe	nek	noun	nor
vassla	noun	swe	valle	noun	nor
vatten	noun	swe	vann	noun	nor
vatten	noun	swe	vatn	noun	nor
vattenbruk	noun	swe	havbruk	noun	nor
vattenbryn	noun	swe	vannkant	noun	nor
vattenbryn	noun	swe	vasskant	noun	nor
vattendrag	noun	swe	vassdrag	noun	nor
vattendrag	noun	swe	vassfar	noun	nor
vattenfall	noun	swe	foss	noun	nor
vattenfall	noun	swe	fossefall	noun	nor
vattenkraft	noun	swe	vannkraft	noun	nor
vattenkraft	noun	swe	vasskraft	noun	nor
vattenkraftverk	noun	swe	vannkraftverk	noun	nor
vattenkraftverk	noun	swe	vasskraftverk	noun	nor
vattenverk	noun	swe	vannverk	noun	nor
vattenverk	noun	swe	vassverk	noun	nor
vattenånga	noun	swe	vanndamp	noun	nor
vattenånga	noun	swe	vassdamp	noun	nor
vax	noun	swe	voks	noun	nor
vax	noun	swe	voks	noun	nor
vecka	noun	swe	uke	noun	nor
vecka	noun	swe	veke	noun	nor
veckodag	noun	swe	ukedag	noun	nor
veckodag	noun	swe	vekedag	noun	nor
veckotidning	noun	swe	ukeblad	noun	nor
veckotidning	noun	swe	vekeblad	noun	nor
veckoslut	noun	swe	weekend	noun	nor
ved	noun	swe	ved	noun	nor
vederbörande	noun	swe	vedkomande	noun	nor
vederbörande	noun	swe	vedkommende	noun	nor
vedergällning	noun	swe	vederlag	noun	nor
vederlag	noun	swe	vederlag	noun	nor
vedermöda	noun	swe	bry	noun	nor
vedermöda	noun	swe	plunder	noun	nor
vedpinne	noun	swe	vedpinne	noun	nor
vegetarian	noun	swe	vegetarianar	noun	nor
vegetarian	noun	swe	vegetarianer	noun	nor
vegetation	noun	swe	vegetasjon	noun	nor
vekling	noun	swe	pyse	noun	nor
vektor	noun	swe	vektor	noun	nor
vemod	noun	swe	vemod	noun	nor
ven	noun	swe	vene	noun	nor
vendetta	noun	swe	vendetta	noun	nor
ventil	noun	swe	ventil	noun	nor
ventilation	noun	swe	ventilasjon	noun	nor
ventilator	noun	swe	ventilator	noun	nor
veranda	noun	swe	veranda	noun	nor
verb	noun	swe	verb	noun	nor
verk	noun	swe	verk	noun	nor
verk	noun	swe	verk	noun	nor
verkan	noun	swe	verknad	noun	nor
verkan	noun	swe	virkning	noun	nor
verklighet	noun	swe	realitet	noun	nor
verklighet	noun	swe	røynd	noun	nor
verklighet	noun	swe	røyndom	noun	nor
verklighet	noun	swe	verkelegheit	noun	nor
verklighet	noun	swe	virkelighet	noun	nor
verkning	noun	swe	verknad	noun	nor
verkning	noun	swe	virkning	noun	nor
verksamhet	noun	swe	aktivitet	noun	nor
verksamhet	noun	swe	verksemd	noun	nor
verksamhet	noun	swe	virksomhet	noun	nor
verkstad	noun	swe	verkstad	noun	nor
verkstad	noun	swe	verksted	noun	nor
verktyg	noun	swe	don	noun	nor
verktyg	noun	swe	don	noun	nor
verktyg	noun	swe	verktøy	noun	nor
vers	noun	swe	vers	noun	nor
versal	noun	swe	majuskel	noun	nor
versal	noun	swe	versal	noun	nor
version	noun	swe	versjon	noun	nor
versmått	noun	swe	versemål	noun	nor
vertikal	noun	swe	vertikal	noun	nor
vete	noun	swe	hvete	noun	nor
vete	noun	swe	kveite	noun	nor
vetemjöl	noun	swe	hvetemel	noun	nor
vetemjöl	noun	swe	kveitemjøl	noun	nor
vetenskap	noun	swe	vitenskap	noun	nor
vetenskap	noun	swe	vitskap	noun	nor
vetenskapsman	noun	swe	forskar	noun	nor
vetenskapsman	noun	swe	forsker	noun	nor
vetenskapsman	noun	swe	vitenskapsmann	noun	nor
vetenskapsman	noun	swe	vitskapsmann	noun	nor
veteran	noun	swe	veteran	noun	nor
veteranbil	noun	swe	veteranbil	noun	nor
veterinär	noun	swe	veterinær	noun	nor
veto	noun	swe	veto	noun	nor
vetorätt	noun	swe	vetorett	noun	nor
vetskap	noun	swe	vitenskap	noun	nor
vetskap	noun	swe	vitskap	noun	nor
vett	noun	swe	fornuft	noun	nor
vett	noun	swe	vett	noun	nor
vett	noun	swe	vit	noun	nor
vibration	noun	swe	vibrasjon	noun	nor
vibrator	noun	swe	vibrator	noun	nor
vichyvatten	noun	swe	mineralvann	noun	nor
vichyvatten	noun	swe	mineralvatn	noun	nor
vickning	noun	swe	nattmat	noun	nor
video	noun	swe	video	noun	nor
videoband	noun	swe	videoband	noun	nor
videofilm	noun	swe	videofilm	noun	nor
vigsel	noun	swe	vielse	noun	nor
vigsel	noun	swe	vigsel	noun	nor
vik	noun	swe	bukt	noun	nor
vik	noun	swe	kjos	noun	nor
vik	noun	swe	vik	noun	nor
vikariat	noun	swe	vikariat	noun	nor
vikarie	noun	swe	vikar	noun	nor
viking	noun	swe	viking	noun	nor
vikt	noun	swe	vekt	noun	nor
viktminskning	noun	swe	vekttap	noun	nor
viktnedgång	noun	swe	vekttap	noun	nor
vila	noun	swe	hvil	noun	nor
vila	noun	swe	hvile	noun	nor
vila	noun	swe	kvil	noun	nor
vila	noun	swe	kvild	noun	nor
vila	noun	swe	kvile	noun	nor
vildmark	noun	swe	finne	noun	nor
vildmark	noun	swe	villmark	noun	nor
vildren	noun	swe	villrein	noun	nor
vilja	noun	swe	vilje	noun	nor
villa	noun	swe	villa	noun	nor
villakvarter	noun	swe	villakvarter	noun	nor
villervalla	noun	swe	rot	noun	nor
villervalla	noun	swe	rot	noun	nor
villkor	noun	swe	vilkår	noun	nor
villospår	noun	swe	villspor	noun	nor
villoväg	noun	swe	avveg	noun	nor
villoväg	noun	swe	avvei	noun	nor
vilt	noun	swe	vilt	noun	nor
vin	noun	swe	vin	noun	nor
vin	noun	swe	vin	noun	nor
vinblad	noun	swe	vinblad	noun	nor
vinbär	noun	swe	rips	noun	nor
vinbär	noun	swe	solbær	noun	nor
vind	noun	swe	loft	noun	nor
vind	noun	swe	tak	noun	nor
vind	noun	swe	vind	noun	nor
vindby	noun	swe	skur	noun	nor
vindel	noun	swe	vindel	noun	nor
vindfång	noun	swe	vindfang	noun	nor
vindkraftverk	noun	swe	vindkraftverk	noun	nor
vindskontor	noun	swe	loftsrom	noun	nor
vinkel	noun	swe	vinkel	noun	nor
vinsch	noun	swe	spel	noun	nor
vinsch	noun	swe	spill	noun	nor
vinst	noun	swe	forteneste	noun	nor
vinst	noun	swe	fortjeneste	noun	nor
vinst	noun	swe	gevinst	noun	nor
vinst	noun	swe	premie	noun	nor
vinst	noun	swe	pris	noun	nor
vinst	noun	swe	profitt	noun	nor
vinst	noun	swe	seier	noun	nor
vinst	noun	swe	siger	noun	nor
vinst	noun	swe	utmerkelse	noun	nor
vinter	noun	swe	vinter	noun	nor
vinterdäck	noun	swe	vinterdekk	noun	nor
vinterhalvår	noun	swe	vinterhalvår	noun	nor
vintersport	noun	swe	vintersport	noun	nor
vintertid	noun	swe	vinterstid	noun	nor
vinyl	noun	swe	vinyl	noun	nor
violin	noun	swe	fiolin	noun	nor
violinist	noun	swe	fiolinist	noun	nor
vipp	noun	swe	bikk	noun	nor
vipp	noun	swe	vipp	noun	nor
virkning	noun	swe	verknad	noun	nor
virkning	noun	swe	virkning	noun	nor
virus	noun	swe	virus	noun	nor
vis	noun	swe	måte	noun	nor
vis	noun	swe	vis	noun	nor
visa	noun	swe	vise	noun	nor
visdom	noun	swe	visdom	noun	nor
visdomsord	noun	swe	visdomsord	noun	nor
vise	noun	swe	vise	noun	nor
visering	noun	swe	visum	noun	nor
vishet	noun	swe	visdom	noun	nor
vision	noun	swe	visjon	noun	nor
visir	noun	swe	visir	noun	nor
visit	noun	swe	besøk	noun	nor
visitkort	noun	swe	visittkort	noun	nor
viska	noun	swe	visk	noun	nor
visning	noun	swe	visning	noun	nor
visp	noun	swe	visp	noun	nor
vispgrädde	noun	swe	krem	noun	nor
vispgrädde	noun	swe	kremfløte	noun	nor
vispgrädde	noun	swe	kremfløyte	noun	nor
visselpipa	noun	swe	fløyte	noun	nor
visshet	noun	swe	visse	noun	nor
visshet	noun	swe	visshet	noun	nor
vissla	noun	swe	fløyte	noun	nor
vissling	noun	swe	fløyt	noun	nor
vissling	noun	swe	fløyt	noun	nor
vistelse	noun	swe	opphald	noun	nor
vistelse	noun	swe	opphold	noun	nor
vistelse	noun	swe	vist	noun	nor
visum	noun	swe	visum	noun	nor
vita	noun	swe	hvite	noun	nor
vita	noun	swe	kvite	noun	nor
vitalitet	noun	swe	vitalitet	noun	nor
vitamin	noun	swe	vitamin	noun	nor
vitlök	noun	swe	hvitlauk	noun	nor
vitlök	noun	swe	hvitløk	noun	nor
vitlök	noun	swe	kvitlauk	noun	nor
vitlök	noun	swe	kvitløk	noun	nor
vits	noun	swe	grovis	noun	nor
vits	noun	swe	vits	noun	nor
vittne	noun	swe	vitne	noun	nor
vittnesbörd	noun	swe	prov	noun	nor
vittnesbörd	noun	swe	vitnesbyrd	noun	nor
vittnesmål	noun	swe	vitnemål	noun	nor
vittra	noun	swe	hulder	noun	nor
vitvin	noun	swe	hvitvin	noun	nor
vitvin	noun	swe	kvitvin	noun	nor
vodka	noun	swe	vodka	noun	nor
vokal	noun	swe	vokal	noun	nor
vokalharmoni	noun	swe	vokalharmoni	noun	nor
vokalist	noun	swe	vokalist	noun	nor
vokalkvalitet	noun	swe	vokalkvalitet	noun	nor
vokalkvantitet	noun	swe	vokalkvantitet	noun	nor
volley	noun	swe	volley	noun	nor
volleyboll	noun	swe	volleyball	noun	nor
volt	noun	swe	volt	noun	nor
volym	noun	swe	volum	noun	nor
vov	noun	swe	vov	noun	nor
vrak	noun	swe	vrak	noun	nor
vrede	noun	swe	sinne	noun	nor
vridning	noun	swe	vri	noun	nor
vrå	noun	swe	avkrok	noun	nor
vrålapa	noun	swe	brøleape	noun	nor
vrövel	noun	swe	pølsevev	noun	nor
vrövel	noun	swe	tull	noun	nor
vrövel	noun	swe	tøys	noun	nor
vrövel	noun	swe	vrøvl	noun	nor
vulkan	noun	swe	vulkan	noun	nor
vulkanutbrott	noun	swe	vulkanutbrot	noun	nor
vulkanutbrott	noun	swe	vulkanutbrudd	noun	nor
vy	noun	swe	utsikt	noun	nor
vy	noun	swe	utsikt	noun	nor
vy	noun	swe	vy	noun	nor
vykort	noun	swe	postkort	noun	nor
väder	noun	swe	vær	noun	nor
väder	noun	swe	vêr	noun	nor
väderkvarn	noun	swe	vindmølle	noun	nor
vädjan	noun	swe	bønn	noun	nor
väg	noun	swe	ferd	noun	nor
väg	noun	swe	gate	noun	nor
väg	noun	swe	reise	noun	nor
väg	noun	swe	veg	noun	nor
väg	noun	swe	vei	noun	nor
vägbana	noun	swe	kjørefelt	noun	nor
vägbana	noun	swe	køyrefelt	noun	nor
vägg	noun	swe	vegg	noun	nor
vägkant	noun	swe	vegkant	noun	nor
vägkant	noun	swe	veikant	noun	nor
vägkorsning	noun	swe	vegemot	noun	nor
vägkorsning	noun	swe	vegkryss	noun	nor
vägkorsning	noun	swe	veikryss	noun	nor
vägledning	noun	swe	rettleiing	noun	nor
vägledning	noun	swe	veiledning	noun	nor
vägnät	noun	swe	vegnett	noun	nor
vägnät	noun	swe	veinett	noun	nor
vägren	noun	swe	vegkant	noun	nor
vägren	noun	swe	veikant	noun	nor
vägskäl	noun	swe	korsveg	noun	nor
vägskäl	noun	swe	korsvei	noun	nor
välde	noun	swe	makt	noun	nor
välfärd	noun	swe	velferd	noun	nor
välfärdssamhälle	noun	swe	velferdssamfunn	noun	nor
väljare	noun	swe	velger	noun	nor
väljare	noun	swe	veljar	noun	nor
välmåga	noun	swe	velvere	noun	nor
välmåga	noun	swe	velvære	noun	nor
välstånd	noun	swe	velstand	noun	nor
välvilja	noun	swe	velvilje	noun	nor
vän	noun	swe	omgangsvenn	noun	nor
vän	noun	swe	venn	noun	nor
vän	noun	swe	venn	noun	nor
vändning	noun	swe	ordelag	noun	nor
vändning	noun	swe	vende	noun	nor
vändning	noun	swe	vending	noun	nor
väninna	noun	swe	venninne	noun	nor
vänskap	noun	swe	vennskap	noun	nor
vänskap	noun	swe	vennskap	noun	nor
vänskap	noun	swe	vennskap	noun	nor
värd	noun	swe	vert	noun	nor
värde	noun	swe	verdi	noun	nor
värdering	noun	swe	vurdering	noun	nor
värdighet	noun	swe	verdigheit	noun	nor
värdighet	noun	swe	verdighet	noun	nor
värdshus	noun	swe	vertshus	noun	nor
värk	noun	swe	smerte	noun	nor
värk	noun	swe	smerte	noun	nor
värk	noun	swe	ve	noun	nor
värk	noun	swe	ve	noun	nor
värk	noun	swe	verk	noun	nor
värk	noun	swe	vondt	noun	nor
värld	noun	swe	verd	noun	nor
värld	noun	swe	verden	noun	nor
världsdel	noun	swe	verdensdel	noun	nor
världsdel	noun	swe	verdsdel	noun	nor
världskrig	noun	swe	verdenskrig	noun	nor
världskrig	noun	swe	verdskrig	noun	nor
värma	noun	swe	varme	noun	nor
värme	noun	swe	heite	noun	nor
värme	noun	swe	varme	noun	nor
värn	noun	swe	vern	noun	nor
värv	noun	swe	verv	noun	nor
värv	noun	swe	verv	noun	nor
väsen	noun	swe	vesen	noun	nor
väst	noun	swe	vest	noun	nor
väst	noun	swe	vest	noun	nor
västficksformat	noun	swe	lommeformat	noun	nor
västkust	noun	swe	vestkyst	noun	nor
väte	noun	swe	hydrogen	noun	nor
vätska	noun	swe	væske	noun	nor
väv	noun	swe	vev	noun	nor
väv	noun	swe	vev	noun	nor
växel	noun	swe	veksel	noun	nor
växellåda	noun	swe	girkasse	noun	nor
växt	noun	swe	plante	noun	nor
växt	noun	swe	vekst	noun	nor
växt	noun	swe	vokster	noun	nor
växthus	noun	swe	veksthus	noun	nor
våg	noun	swe	vekt	noun	nor
vågdal	noun	swe	bylgjedal	noun	nor
vågdal	noun	swe	bølgedal	noun	nor
vågdal	noun	swe	bølgjedal	noun	nor
våld	noun	swe	vald	noun	nor
våld	noun	swe	vold	noun	nor
våld	noun	swe	voll	noun	nor
vålnad	noun	swe	draug	noun	nor
vålnad	noun	swe	gjenferd	noun	nor
våning	noun	swe	etasje	noun	nor
våning	noun	swe	sal	noun	nor
våning	noun	swe	våning	noun	nor
vår	noun	swe	vår	noun	nor
vårdare	noun	swe	pleiar	noun	nor
vårdare	noun	swe	pleier	noun	nor
vårdtecken	noun	swe	symbol	noun	nor
vårsol	noun	swe	vårsol	noun	nor
vårtermin	noun	swe	vårsemester	noun	nor
watt	noun	swe	watt	noun	nor
webbplats	noun	swe	nettstad	noun	nor
webbplats	noun	swe	nettsted	noun	nor
weekend	noun	swe	weekend	noun	nor
wellpapp	noun	swe	bylgjepapp	noun	nor
wellpapp	noun	swe	bølgepapp	noun	nor
wellpapp	noun	swe	bølgjepapp	noun	nor
western	noun	swe	western	noun	nor
whisky	noun	swe	whisky	noun	nor
wienerbröd	noun	swe	wienerbrød	noun	nor
wire	noun	swe	wire	noun	nor
xenon	noun	swe	xenon	noun	nor
yacht	noun	swe	yacht	noun	nor
yard	noun	swe	yard	noun	nor
yen	noun	swe	yen	noun	nor
yl	noun	swe	hyl	noun	nor
yl	noun	swe	hyling	noun	nor
ylle	noun	swe	ulltøy	noun	nor
yngling	noun	swe	yngling	noun	nor
ynk	noun	swe	jammer	noun	nor
yoga	noun	swe	yoga	noun	nor
yoghurt	noun	swe	jogurt	noun	nor
yoghurt	noun	swe	yoghurt	noun	nor
yrkan	noun	swe	krav	noun	nor
yrkande	noun	swe	krav	noun	nor
yrke	noun	swe	profesjon	noun	nor
yrke	noun	swe	yrke	noun	nor
yrke	noun	swe	yrke	noun	nor
yrkesfiske	noun	swe	yrkesfiske	noun	nor
yrkesliv	noun	swe	yrkesliv	noun	nor
yrkesman	noun	swe	ekspert	noun	nor
yrkessjukdom	noun	swe	yrkessjukdom	noun	nor
yrkesutbildning	noun	swe	yrkesutdanning	noun	nor
yta	noun	swe	overflate	noun	nor
yta	noun	swe	yte	noun	nor
ytenhet	noun	swe	flatemål	noun	nor
ytmått	noun	swe	flatemål	noun	nor
yttertak	noun	swe	tak	noun	nor
yttrandefrihet	noun	swe	ytringsfridom	noun	nor
yttrandefrihet	noun	swe	ytringsfrihet	noun	nor
yttre	noun	swe	ytre	noun	nor
yxa	noun	swe	øks	noun	nor
zebra	noun	swe	sebra	noun	nor
zink	noun	swe	sink	noun	nor
zink	noun	swe	sink	noun	nor
zon	noun	swe	sone	noun	nor
zoo	noun	swe	zoo	noun	nor
zoolog	noun	swe	zoolog	noun	nor
zoologi	noun	swe	zoologi	noun	nor
zoom	noun	swe	zoom	noun	nor
ädelgas	noun	swe	edelgass	noun	nor
ädelsten	noun	swe	edelstein	noun	nor
äga	noun	swe	eie	noun	nor
äga	noun	swe	eige	noun	nor
ägande	noun	swe	eiendom	noun	nor
ägande	noun	swe	eign	noun	nor
ägare	noun	swe	eier	noun	nor
ägare	noun	swe	eigar	noun	nor
ägg	noun	swe	egg	noun	nor
ägg	noun	swe	egg	noun	nor
äggstock	noun	swe	eggstokk	noun	nor
äggula	noun	swe	gul	noun	nor
äggula	noun	swe	gule	noun	nor
äktenskap	noun	swe	ekteskap	noun	nor
älg	noun	swe	elg	noun	nor
älling	noun	swe	andunge	noun	nor
älskare	noun	swe	elskar	noun	nor
älskare	noun	swe	elsker	noun	nor
älv	noun	swe	elv	noun	nor
ämbar	noun	swe	balje	noun	nor
ämbete	noun	swe	embete	noun	nor
ämbetsman	noun	swe	embetsmann	noun	nor
ämbetsverk	noun	swe	myndighet	noun	nor
ämne	noun	swe	stoff	noun	nor
ämne	noun	swe	emne	noun	nor
ända	noun	swe	ende	noun	nor
ända	noun	swe	helt	noun	nor
ända	noun	swe	slut	noun	nor
ändamål	noun	swe	formål	noun	nor
ändamål	noun	swe	føremål	noun	nor
ändring	noun	swe	brigde	noun	nor
ändring	noun	swe	endring	noun	nor
ändstation	noun	swe	endestasjon	noun	nor
äng	noun	swe	eng	noun	nor
ängel	noun	swe	engel	noun	nor
änka	noun	swe	enke	noun	nor
änka	noun	swe	enkje	noun	nor
änkling	noun	swe	enkemann	noun	nor
äppelträd	noun	swe	apal	noun	nor
äppelträd	noun	swe	epletre	noun	nor
äpple	noun	swe	eple	noun	nor
ära	noun	swe	ære	noun	nor
ärende	noun	swe	ærend	noun	nor
ärg	noun	swe	eir	noun	nor
ärg	noun	swe	ir	noun	nor
ärkebiskop	noun	swe	erkebiskop	noun	nor
ärm	noun	swe	erme	noun	nor
ärr	noun	swe	ar	noun	nor
ärr	noun	swe	arr	noun	nor
ättika	noun	swe	eddik	noun	nor
ättling	noun	swe	ætling	noun	nor
äventyr	noun	swe	eventyr	noun	nor
å	noun	swe	å	noun	nor
åhörare	noun	swe	tilhører	noun	nor
åhörare	noun	swe	tilhøyrar	noun	nor
åk	noun	swe	tur	noun	nor
åk	noun	swe	åk	noun	nor
åker	noun	swe	jorde	noun	nor
åker	noun	swe	mark	noun	nor
åker	noun	swe	åker	noun	nor
åkerbruk	noun	swe	åkerbruk	noun	nor
åkerlapp	noun	swe	åkerlapp	noun	nor
åkerren	noun	swe	grøftekant	noun	nor
åkertistel	noun	swe	åkertistel	noun	nor
åklagare	noun	swe	politifullmektig	noun	nor
åktur	noun	swe	kjøretur	noun	nor
åktur	noun	swe	køyretur	noun	nor
ål	noun	swe	ål	noun	nor
ålder	noun	swe	alder	noun	nor
ålderdom	noun	swe	alderdom	noun	nor
åldersklass	noun	swe	aldersklasse	noun	nor
ålderspension	noun	swe	alderspensjon	noun	nor
ånga	noun	swe	damp	noun	nor
ånga	noun	swe	eim	noun	nor
ånga	noun	swe	im	noun	nor
ångbåt	noun	swe	dampbåt	noun	nor
ånger	noun	swe	anger	noun	nor
ångest	noun	swe	angst	noun	nor
ånglok	noun	swe	damplokomotiv	noun	nor
ångmaskin	noun	swe	dampmaskin	noun	nor
ångturbin	noun	swe	dampturbin	noun	nor
år	noun	swe	år	noun	nor
åra	noun	swe	åre	noun	nor
årgång	noun	swe	årgang	noun	nor
århundrade	noun	swe	sekel	noun	nor
århundrade	noun	swe	århundre	noun	nor
åring	noun	swe	åring	noun	nor
årsdag	noun	swe	årsdag	noun	nor
årskull	noun	swe	årgang	noun	nor
årskull	noun	swe	årskull	noun	nor
årsredovisning	noun	swe	årsoppgjør	noun	nor
årsskifte	noun	swe	årsskifte	noun	nor
årstid	noun	swe	årstid	noun	nor
årtal	noun	swe	årstal	noun	nor
årtal	noun	swe	årstall	noun	nor
årtionde	noun	swe	decennium	noun	nor
årtionde	noun	swe	tiår	noun	nor
ås	noun	swe	ås	noun	nor
åsikt	noun	swe	meining	noun	nor
åsikt	noun	swe	mening	noun	nor
åska	noun	swe	torden	noun	nor
åska	noun	swe	tore	noun	nor
åskådare	noun	swe	tilskodar	noun	nor
åskådare	noun	swe	tilskuer	noun	nor
åsna	noun	swe	esel	noun	nor
åstundan	noun	swe	ynske	noun	nor
åstundan	noun	swe	ønske	noun	nor
åtal	noun	swe	tiltale	noun	nor
åtal	noun	swe	åtal	noun	nor
återfall	noun	swe	tilbakefall	noun	nor
återsken	noun	swe	avglans	noun	nor
återtåg	noun	swe	retrett	noun	nor
återverkning	noun	swe	konsekvens	noun	nor
återvinning	noun	swe	gjenbruk	noun	nor
återvinning	noun	swe	gjenbruk	noun	nor
återvinning	noun	swe	gjenvinning	noun	nor
återvinning	noun	swe	ombruk	noun	nor
återvinning	noun	swe	resirkulering	noun	nor
återvändsgränd	noun	swe	blindgate	noun	nor
återvändsgränd	noun	swe	blindveg	noun	nor
återvändsgränd	noun	swe	blindvei	noun	nor
åtgärd	noun	swe	handling	noun	nor
åtgärd	noun	swe	tiltak	noun	nor
åthutning	noun	swe	korreks	noun	nor
åtkomst	noun	swe	adkomst	noun	nor
åtkomst	noun	swe	atkomst	noun	nor
åtkomst	noun	swe	framkomme	noun	nor
åtskillnad	noun	swe	forskjell	noun	nor
åtskillnad	noun	swe	skil	noun	nor
åtskillnad	noun	swe	skil	noun	nor
åtskillnad	noun	swe	skilnad	noun	nor
åttondel	noun	swe	åttedel	noun	nor
åverkan	noun	swe	brekkasje	noun	nor
åverkan	noun	swe	skade	noun	nor
ö	noun	swe	øy	noun	nor
öde	noun	swe	lagnad	noun	nor
öde	noun	swe	skjebne	noun	nor
ödem	noun	swe	ødem	noun	nor
öga	noun	swe	auga	noun	nor
öga	noun	swe	auge	noun	nor
öga	noun	swe	øye	noun	nor
ögonblick	noun	swe	augeblikk	noun	nor
ögonblick	noun	swe	augeblink	noun	nor
ögonblick	noun	swe	augneblink	noun	nor
ögonblick	noun	swe	augneblunk	noun	nor
ögonblick	noun	swe	øyeblikk	noun	nor
ögonbryn	noun	swe	augebryn	noun	nor
ögonbryn	noun	swe	øyebryn	noun	nor
ök	noun	swe	ørken	noun	nor
ökning	noun	swe	auke	noun	nor
ökning	noun	swe	økning	noun	nor
öl	noun	swe	øl	noun	nor
öl	noun	swe	øl	noun	nor
öl	noun	swe	øl	noun	nor
öl	noun	swe	øl	noun	nor
ömkan	noun	swe	medynk	noun	nor
önskan	noun	swe	ynske	noun	nor
önskan	noun	swe	ynskje	noun	nor
önskan	noun	swe	ønske	noun	nor
önskning	noun	swe	ønske	noun	nor
öppnande	noun	swe	opning	noun	nor
öppnande	noun	swe	åpning	noun	nor
öppnare	noun	swe	opnar	noun	nor
öppnare	noun	swe	åpner	noun	nor
öppning	noun	swe	opning	noun	nor
öppning	noun	swe	åpning	noun	nor
öra	noun	swe	øre¹	noun	nor
öra	noun	swe	øyre	noun	nor
öre	noun	swe	øre	noun	nor
öre	noun	swe	øre	noun	nor
öring	noun	swe	aure	noun	nor
öring	noun	swe	ørret	noun	nor
örlogsfartyg	noun	swe	orlogsfartøy	noun	nor
örn	noun	swe	ørn	noun	nor
ört	noun	swe	urt	noun	nor
öst	noun	swe	aust	noun	nor
öst	noun	swe	aust	noun	nor
öst	noun	swe	øst	noun	nor
öst	noun	swe	øst	noun	nor
östanvind	noun	swe	austavind	noun	nor
östanvind	noun	swe	østavind	noun	nor
öster	noun	swe	aust	noun	nor
öster	noun	swe	aust	noun	nor
öster	noun	swe	øst	noun	nor
öster	noun	swe	øst	noun	nor
östrogen	noun	swe	østrogen	noun	nor
öststat	noun	swe	austland	noun	nor
öststat	noun	swe	østland	noun	nor
överdrag	noun	swe	overtrekk	noun	nor
överenskommelse	noun	swe	avtale	noun	nor
överenskommelse	noun	swe	semje	noun	nor
överensstämmelse	noun	swe	overensstemmelse	noun	nor
överensstämmelse	noun	swe	samsvar	noun	nor
överfall	noun	swe	overfall	noun	nor
överfart	noun	swe	overfart	noun	nor
överflöd	noun	swe	fylde	noun	nor
överflödssamhälle	noun	swe	overflodssamfunn	noun	nor
övergrepp	noun	swe	overgrep	noun	nor
övergång	noun	swe	overgang	noun	nor
övergångsperiod	noun	swe	overgangsperiode	noun	nor
överhus	noun	swe	overhus	noun	nor
överhuvud	noun	swe	overhode	noun	nor
överhuvud	noun	swe	overhovud	noun	nor
överhöghet	noun	swe	overhøgd	noun	nor
överhöghet	noun	swe	overhøyhet	noun	nor
överklagande	noun	swe	appell	noun	nor
överklass	noun	swe	overklasse	noun	nor
överkucku	noun	swe	boss	noun	nor
överkucku	noun	swe	sjef	noun	nor
överkäke	noun	swe	overkjeve	noun	nor
överläggning	noun	swe	diskusjon	noun	nor
överläkare	noun	swe	overlegg	noun	nor
överlöpare	noun	swe	renegat	noun	nor
överman	noun	swe	overmann	noun	nor
övermod	noun	swe	overmot	noun	nor
övermått	noun	swe	overmål	noun	nor
överpris	noun	swe	overpris	noun	nor
överraskande	noun	swe	overraskelse	noun	nor
överraskande	noun	swe	overrasking	noun	nor
överraskning	noun	swe	overraskelse	noun	nor
överraskning	noun	swe	overrasking	noun	nor
översikt	noun	swe	oversikt	noun	nor
översikt	noun	swe	oversyn	noun	nor
översitteri	noun	swe	arroganse	noun	nor
överskott	noun	swe	overskot	noun	nor
överskott	noun	swe	overskott	noun	nor
överskott	noun	swe	overskudd	noun	nor
överslag	noun	swe	overslag	noun	nor
överslagsberäkning	noun	swe	overslag	noun	nor
översvämning	noun	swe	flaum	noun	nor
översvämning	noun	swe	flom	noun	nor
översättare	noun	swe	omsetjar	noun	nor
översättare	noun	swe	oversetter	noun	nor
översättning	noun	swe	omsetting	noun	nor
översättning	noun	swe	oversettelse	noun	nor
övertag	noun	swe	overtak	noun	nor
överton	noun	swe	overtone	noun	nor
överträdelse	noun	swe	forseelse	noun	nor
överträdelse	noun	swe	misferd	noun	nor
överträdelse	noun	swe	overtredelse	noun	nor
övertygelse	noun	swe	overbevisning	noun	nor
övertygelse	noun	swe	overtyding	noun	nor
övning	noun	swe	øvelse	noun	nor
övning	noun	swe	øving	noun	nor
vetande	noun	swe	kunnskap	noun	nor
vetande	noun	swe	viten	noun	nor
kl.	noun	swe	kl.	noun	nor
tel.	noun	swe	tel.	noun	nor
absolut	adjective	swe	absolutt	adjective	nor
acceptabel	adjective	swe	akseptabel	adjective	nor
adlig	adjective	swe	adeleg	adjective	nor
adlig	adjective	swe	adelig	adjective	nor
administrativ	adjective	swe	administrativ	adjective	nor
afghansk	adjective	swe	afghansk	adjective	nor
afrikansk	adjective	swe	afrikansk	adjective	nor
aggressiv	adjective	swe	aggressiv	adjective	nor
akademisk	adjective	swe	akademisk	adjective	nor
teologisk	adjective	swe	teologisk	adjective	nor
filosofisk	adjective	swe	filosofisk	adjective	nor
metodologisk	adjective	swe	metodologisk	adjective	nor
aerodynamisk	adjective	swe	aerodynamisk	adjective	nor
alfabetisk	adjective	swe	alfabetisk	adjective	nor
algebraisk	adjective	swe	algebraisk	adjective	nor
alkalisk	adjective	swe	alkalisk	adjective	nor
allegorisk	adjective	swe	allegorisk	adjective	nor
allergisk	adjective	swe	allergisk	adjective	nor
altruistisk	adjective	swe	altruistisk	adjective	nor
analytisk	adjective	swe	analytisk	adjective	nor
anarkistisk	adjective	swe	anarkistisk	adjective	nor
antidemokratisk	adjective	swe	antidemokratisk	adjective	nor
antikommunistisk	adjective	swe	antikommunistisk	adjective	nor
antroposofisk	adjective	swe	antroposofisk	adjective	nor
apokalyptisk	adjective	swe	apokalyptisk	adjective	nor
apokryfisk	adjective	swe	apokryfisk	adjective	nor
apostolisk	adjective	swe	apostolisk	adjective	nor
arabisk	adjective	swe	arabisk	adjective	nor
arisk	adjective	swe	arisk	adjective	nor
aristokratisk	adjective	swe	aristokratisk	adjective	nor
aritmetisk	adjective	swe	aritmetisk	adjective	nor
arkaisk	adjective	swe	arkaisk	adjective	nor
arkitektonisk	adjective	swe	arkitektonisk	adjective	nor
asketisk	adjective	swe	asketisk	adjective	nor
astronomisk	adjective	swe	astronomisk	adjective	nor
ateistisk	adjective	swe	ateistisk	adjective	nor
atlantisk	adjective	swe	atlantisk	adjective	nor
aztekisk	adjective	swe	aztekisk	adjective	nor
baltisk	adjective	swe	baltisk	adjective	nor
basisk	adjective	swe	basisk	adjective	nor
biografisk	adjective	swe	biografisk	adjective	nor
blasfemisk	adjective	swe	blasfemisk	adjective	nor
botanisk	adjective	swe	botanisk	adjective	nor
buddhistisk	adjective	swe	buddhistisk	adjective	nor
demografisk	adjective	swe	demografisk	adjective	nor
despotisk	adjective	swe	despotisk	adjective	nor
dialektisk	adjective	swe	dialektisk	adjective	nor
diktatorisk	adjective	swe	diktatorisk	adjective	nor
dogmatisk	adjective	swe	dogmatisk	adjective	nor
dualistisk	adjective	swe	dualistisk	adjective	nor
dynastisk	adjective	swe	dynastisk	adjective	nor
dyslektisk	adjective	swe	dyslektisk	adjective	nor
eklektisk	adjective	swe	eklektisk	adjective	nor
elektromagnetisk	adjective	swe	elektromagnetisk	adjective	nor
elliptisk	adjective	swe	elliptisk	adjective	nor
empirisk	adjective	swe	empirisk	adjective	nor
endemisk	adjective	swe	endemisk	adjective	nor
episk	adjective	swe	episk	adjective	nor
esoterisk	adjective	swe	esoterisk	adjective	nor
etnografisk	adjective	swe	etnografisk	adjective	nor
etnologisk	adjective	swe	etnologisk	adjective	nor
etymologisk	adjective	swe	etymologisk	adjective	nor
evangelisk	adjective	swe	evangelisk	adjective	nor
fascistisk	adjective	swe	fascistisk	adjective	nor
filharmonisk	adjective	swe	filharmonisk	adjective	nor
fonetisk	adjective	swe	fonetisk	adjective	nor
fonologisk	adjective	swe	fonologisk	adjective	nor
fotoelektrisk	adjective	swe	fotoelektrisk	adjective	nor
fotografisk	adjective	swe	fotografisk	adjective	nor
futuristisk	adjective	swe	futuristisk	adjective	nor
fylogenetisk	adjective	swe	fylogenetisk	adjective	nor
gallisk	adjective	swe	gallisk	adjective	nor
gastronomisk	adjective	swe	gastronomisk	adjective	nor
generisk	adjective	swe	generisk	adjective	nor
geologisk	adjective	swe	geologisk	adjective	nor
geometrisk	adjective	swe	geometrisk	adjective	nor
georgisk	adjective	swe	georgisk	adjective	nor
ghanesisk	adjective	swe	ghanesisk	adjective	nor
gotisk	adjective	swe	gotisk	adjective	nor
grafisk	adjective	swe	grafisk	adjective	nor
haitisk	adjective	swe	haitisk	adjective	nor
hawaiisk	adjective	swe	hawaiisk	adjective	nor
hellenistisk	adjective	swe	hellenistisk	adjective	nor
helvetisk	adjective	swe	helvetisk	adjective	nor
heraldisk	adjective	swe	heraldisk	adjective	nor
hierarkisk	adjective	swe	hierarkisk	adjective	nor
hinduisk	adjective	swe	hinduisk	adjective	nor
hydrostatisk	adjective	swe	hydrostatisk	adjective	nor
hypotetisk	adjective	swe	hypotetisk	adjective	nor
iberisk	adjective	swe	iberisk	adjective	nor
idealistisk	adjective	swe	idealistisk	adjective	nor
ikonisk	adjective	swe	ikonisk	adjective	nor
indoeuropeisk	adjective	swe	indoeuropeisk	adjective	nor
irakisk	adjective	swe	irakisk	adjective	nor
jonisk	adjective	swe	jonisk	adjective	nor
journalistisk	adjective	swe	journalistisk	adjective	nor
jugoslavisk	adjective	swe	jugoslavisk	adjective	nor
kanonisk	adjective	swe	kanonisk	adjective	nor
kaotisk	adjective	swe	kaotisk	adjective	nor
karismatisk	adjective	swe	karismatisk	adjective	nor
keltisk	adjective	swe	keltisk	adjective	nor
keramisk	adjective	swe	keramisk	adjective	nor
kinetisk	adjective	swe	kinetisk	adjective	nor
koptisk	adjective	swe	koptisk	adjective	nor
kosmisk	adjective	swe	kosmisk	adjective	nor
kosmopolitisk	adjective	swe	kosmopolitisk	adjective	nor
kronisk	adjective	swe	kronisk	adjective	nor
kronologisk	adjective	swe	kronologisk	adjective	nor
kulinarisk	adjective	swe	kulinarisk	adjective	nor
kyrillisk	adjective	swe	kyrillisk	adjective	nor
laotisk	adjective	swe	laotisk	adjective	nor
ligurisk	adjective	swe	ligurisk	adjective	nor
lingvistisk	adjective	swe	lingvistisk	adjective	nor
lyrisk	adjective	swe	lyrisk	adjective	nor
magnetisk	adjective	swe	magnetisk	adjective	nor
makroskopisk	adjective	swe	makroskopisk	adjective	nor
malawisk	adjective	swe	malawisk	adjective	nor
malaysisk	adjective	swe	malaysisk	adjective	nor
maorisk	adjective	swe	maorisk	adjective	nor
marxistisk	adjective	swe	marxistisk	adjective	nor
materialistisk	adjective	swe	materialistisk	adjective	nor
melodisk	adjective	swe	melodisk	adjective	nor
metaforisk	adjective	swe	metaforisk	adjective	nor
metallisk	adjective	swe	metallisk	adjective	nor
metodisk	adjective	swe	metodisk	adjective	nor
metrisk	adjective	swe	metrisk	adjective	nor
modernistisk	adjective	swe	modernistisk	adjective	nor
monarkisk	adjective	swe	monarkisk	adjective	nor
monokromatisk	adjective	swe	monokromatisk	adjective	nor
musisk	adjective	swe	musisk	adjective	nor
mytisk	adjective	swe	mytisk	adjective	nor
mytologisk	adjective	swe	mytologisk	adjective	nor
namibisk	adjective	swe	namibisk	adjective	nor
naturalistisk	adjective	swe	naturalistisk	adjective	nor
naturhistorisk	adjective	swe	naturhistorisk	adjective	nor
naurisk	adjective	swe	naurisk	adjective	nor
nazistisk	adjective	swe	nazistisk	adjective	nor
nihilistisk	adjective	swe	nihilistisk	adjective	nor
nomadisk	adjective	swe	nomadisk	adjective	nor
notorisk	adjective	swe	notorisk	adjective	nor
nubisk	adjective	swe	nubisk	adjective	nor
numerisk	adjective	swe	numerisk	adjective	nor
nyklassisk	adjective	swe	nyklassisk	adjective	nor
ostindisk	adjective	swe	ostindisk	adjective	nor
partipolitisk	adjective	swe	partipolitisk	adjective	nor
patriotisk	adjective	swe	patriotisk	adjective	nor
persisk	adjective	swe	persisk	adjective	nor
planetarisk	adjective	swe	planetarisk	adjective	nor
pluralistisk	adjective	swe	pluralistisk	adjective	nor
polynesisk	adjective	swe	polynesisk	adjective	nor
populistisk	adjective	swe	populistisk	adjective	nor
prehistorisk	adjective	swe	prehistorisk	adjective	nor
profetisk	adjective	swe	profetisk	adjective	nor
programmatisk	adjective	swe	programmatisk	adjective	nor
punisk	adjective	swe	punisk	adjective	nor
rasistisk	adjective	swe	rasistisk	adjective	nor
relativistisk	adjective	swe	relativistisk	adjective	nor
retorisk	adjective	swe	retorisk	adjective	nor
rojalistisk	adjective	swe	rojalistisk	adjective	nor
satirisk	adjective	swe	satirisk	adjective	nor
saudisk	adjective	swe	saudisk	adjective	nor
scenisk	adjective	swe	scenisk	adjective	nor
semantisk	adjective	swe	semantisk	adjective	nor
singalesisk	adjective	swe	singalesisk	adjective	nor
slavisk	adjective	swe	slavisk	adjective	nor
stalinistisk	adjective	swe	stalinistisk	adjective	nor
statisk	adjective	swe	statisk	adjective	nor
stilistisk	adjective	swe	stilistisk	adjective	nor
stokastisk	adjective	swe	stokastisk	adjective	nor
subtropisk	adjective	swe	subtropisk	adjective	nor
symfonisk	adjective	swe	symfonisk	adjective	nor
synoptisk	adjective	swe	synoptisk	adjective	nor
syntetisk	adjective	swe	syntetisk	adjective	nor
syrisk	adjective	swe	syrisk	adjective	nor
tematisk	adjective	swe	tematisk	adjective	nor
testamentarisk	adjective	swe	testamentarisk	adjective	nor
tidstypisk	adjective	swe	tidstypisk	adjective	nor
topografisk	adjective	swe	topografisk	adjective	nor
topologisk	adjective	swe	topologisk	adjective	nor
ugandisk	adjective	swe	ugandisk	adjective	nor
underjordisk	adjective	swe	underjordisk	adjective	nor
utopisk	adjective	swe	utopisk	adjective	nor
vedisk	adjective	swe	vedisk	adjective	nor
vietnamesisk	adjective	swe	vietnamesisk	adjective	nor
zoologisk	adjective	swe	zoologisk	adjective	nor
aktiv	adjective	swe	aktiv	adjective	nor
aktuell	adjective	swe	aktuell	adjective	nor
akustisk	adjective	swe	akustisk	adjective	nor
akut	adjective	swe	akutt	adjective	nor
alert	adjective	swe	oppmerksam	adjective	nor
alert	adjective	swe	oppmerksom	adjective	nor
alldaglig	adjective	swe	dagleg	adjective	nor
alldaglig	adjective	swe	daglig	adjective	nor
alldaglig	adjective	swe	dagligdags	adjective	nor
alliansfri	adjective	swe	alliansefri	adjective	nor
allmän	adjective	swe	allmenn	adjective	nor
allmän	adjective	swe	generell	adjective	nor
allsidig	adjective	swe	allsidig	adjective	nor
allvarlig	adjective	swe	alvorleg	adjective	nor
allvarlig	adjective	swe	alvorlig	adjective	nor
allvarlig	adjective	swe	seriøs	adjective	nor
alternativ	adjective	swe	alternativ	adjective	nor
ambitiös	adjective	swe	ambisiøs	adjective	nor
amerikansk	adjective	swe	amerikansk	adjective	nor
analog	adjective	swe	analog	adjective	nor
sentida	adjective	swe	seinare tids	adjective	nor
sentida	adjective	swe	senere tids	adjective	nor
nutida	adjective	swe	notidig	adjective	nor
nutida	adjective	swe	nåtidig	adjective	nor
medeltida	adjective	swe	mellomaldersk	adjective	nor
medeltida	adjective	swe	middelaldersk	adjective	nor
oförklarad	adjective	swe	uforklart	adjective	nor
betydande	adjective	swe	betydeleg	adjective	nor
betydande	adjective	swe	betydelig	adjective	nor
angenäm	adjective	swe	behageleg	adjective	nor
angenäm	adjective	swe	behagelig	adjective	nor
annorlunda	adjective	swe	annerledes	adjective	nor
annorlunda	adjective	swe	annleis	adjective	nor
annuell	adjective	swe	årleg	adjective	nor
annuell	adjective	swe	årlig	adjective	nor
anonym	adjective	swe	anonym	adjective	nor
anormal	adjective	swe	unormal	adjective	nor
ansenlig	adjective	swe	anselig	adjective	nor
ansenlig	adjective	swe	monaleg	adjective	nor
anspråksfull	adjective	swe	kravstor	adjective	nor
anspråksfull	adjective	swe	krevande	adjective	nor
anspråksfull	adjective	swe	krevende	adjective	nor
anständig	adjective	swe	anstendig	adjective	nor
anständig	adjective	swe	sømeleg	adjective	nor
ansvarig	adjective	swe	ansvarleg	adjective	nor
ansvarig	adjective	swe	ansvarlig	adjective	nor
ansvarsfull	adjective	swe	ansvarleg	adjective	nor
ansvarsfull	adjective	swe	ansvarlig	adjective	nor
antaglig	adjective	swe	antakeleg	adjective	nor
antaglig	adjective	swe	antakelig	adjective	nor
antarktisk	adjective	swe	antarktisk	adjective	nor
arbetsam	adjective	swe	anstrengende	adjective	nor
arbetsam	adjective	swe	arbeidsam	adjective	nor
arbetsam	adjective	swe	arbeidsom	adjective	nor
arbetsam	adjective	swe	flittig	adjective	nor
arbetslös	adjective	swe	arbeidslaus	adjective	nor
arbetslös	adjective	swe	arbeidsledig	adjective	nor
arbetslös	adjective	swe	arbeidsløs	adjective	nor
arkeologisk	adjective	swe	arkeologisk	adjective	nor
arktisk	adjective	swe	arktisk	adjective	nor
artistisk	adjective	swe	artistisk	adjective	nor
artistisk	adjective	swe	kunstnerisk	adjective	nor
asiatisk	adjective	swe	asiatisk	adjective	nor
atletisk	adjective	swe	atletisk	adjective	nor
attraktiv	adjective	swe	attraktiv	adjective	nor
australisk	adjective	swe	australsk	adjective	nor
autentisk	adjective	swe	autentisk	adjective	nor
automatisk	adjective	swe	automatisk	adjective	nor
avdöd	adjective	swe	avdød	adjective	nor
avdöd	adjective	swe	avliden	adjective	nor
avgörande	adjective	swe	avgjerande	adjective	nor
avgörande	adjective	swe	avgjørende	adjective	nor
avlägsen	adjective	swe	fjern	adjective	nor
avlång	adjective	swe	avlang	adjective	nor
avsevärd	adjective	swe	betydeleg	adjective	nor
avsevärd	adjective	swe	betydelig	adjective	nor
avsevärd	adjective	swe	påtagelig	adjective	nor
avsevärd	adjective	swe	påtakeleg	adjective	nor
avsevärd	adjective	swe	påtakelig	adjective	nor
avsiktlig	adjective	swe	forsettleg	adjective	nor
avsiktlig	adjective	swe	forsettlig	adjective	nor
avvikande	adjective	swe	avvikande	adjective	nor
avvikande	adjective	swe	avvikende	adjective	nor
smart	adjective	swe	lur	adjective	nor
bakslug	adjective	swe	lur	adjective	nor
banal	adjective	swe	banal	adjective	nor
bar	adjective	swe	bar	adjective	nor
bar	adjective	swe	berr	adjective	nor
barbarisk	adjective	swe	barbarisk	adjective	nor
barsk	adjective	swe	barsk	adjective	nor
baskisk	adjective	swe	baskisk	adjective	nor
befolkad	adjective	swe	folkesett	adjective	nor
befolkad	adjective	swe	befolket	adjective	nor
begriplig	adjective	swe	begripeleg	adjective	nor
begriplig	adjective	swe	begripelig	adjective	nor
begriplig	adjective	swe	fatteleg	adjective	nor
begriplig	adjective	swe	fattelig	adjective	nor
begriplig	adjective	swe	forståelig	adjective	nor
behaglig	adjective	swe	behageleg	adjective	nor
behaglig	adjective	swe	behagelig	adjective	nor
behändig	adjective	swe	praktisk	adjective	nor
behörig	adjective	swe	behørig	adjective	nor
behörig	adjective	swe	skikkeleg	adjective	nor
behövlig	adjective	swe	nødvendig	adjective	nor
behövlig	adjective	swe	nødvendig	adjective	nor
beklaglig	adjective	swe	beklageleg	adjective	nor
beklaglig	adjective	swe	beklagelig	adjective	nor
bekväm	adjective	swe	bekvem	adjective	nor
bekväm	adjective	swe	komfortabel	adjective	nor
belgisk	adjective	swe	belgisk	adjective	nor
benfri	adjective	swe	beinfri	adjective	nor
benfri	adjective	swe	benfri	adjective	nor
benhård	adjective	swe	beinhard	adjective	nor
benhård	adjective	swe	benhard	adjective	nor
beredvillig	adjective	swe	beredvillig	adjective	nor
beroende	adjective	swe	avhengig	adjective	nor
bestämd	adjective	swe	bestemd	adjective	nor
bestämd	adjective	swe	bestemt	adjective	nor
beständig	adjective	swe	alltid	adjective	nor
beständig	adjective	swe	bestandig	adjective	nor
beständig	adjective	swe	bestandig	adjective	nor
besviken	adjective	swe	skuffa	adjective	nor
besviken	adjective	swe	skuffet	adjective	nor
betrodd	adjective	swe	betrodd	adjective	nor
betrodd	adjective	swe	tiltrudd	adjective	nor
betydelsefull	adjective	swe	betydningsfull	adjective	nor
betydelsefull	adjective	swe	viktig	adjective	nor
betydlig	adjective	swe	betydeleg	adjective	nor
betydlig	adjective	swe	betydelig	adjective	nor
betydlig	adjective	swe	påtagelig	adjective	nor
betydlig	adjective	swe	påtakeleg	adjective	nor
betydlig	adjective	swe	påtakelig	adjective	nor
biblisk	adjective	swe	bibelsk	adjective	nor
bilfri	adjective	swe	bilfri	adjective	nor
billig	adjective	swe	billeg	adjective	nor
billig	adjective	swe	billig	adjective	nor
biologisk	adjective	swe	biologisk	adjective	nor
bister	adjective	swe	bister	adjective	nor
bitter	adjective	swe	bitter	adjective	nor
blank	adjective	swe	blank	adjective	nor
blid	adjective	swe	blid	adjective	nor
blind	adjective	swe	blind	adjective	nor
blond	adjective	swe	blond	adjective	nor
blyfri	adjective	swe	blyfri	adjective	nor
blygsam	adjective	swe	audmjuk	adjective	nor
blygsam	adjective	swe	beskjeden	adjective	nor
bländfri	adjective	swe	blendfri	adjective	nor
blå	adjective	swe	blå	adjective	nor
bokstavlig	adjective	swe	bokstaveleg	adjective	nor
bokstavlig	adjective	swe	bokstavelig	adjective	nor
borgerlig	adjective	swe	borgarleg	adjective	nor
borgerlig	adjective	swe	borgerlig	adjective	nor
bortrest	adjective	swe	bortreist	adjective	nor
bortskämd	adjective	swe	bortskjemd	adjective	nor
bortskämd	adjective	swe	bortskjemt	adjective	nor
bosnisk	adjective	swe	bosnisk	adjective	nor
brandfarlig	adjective	swe	brannfarleg	adjective	nor
brandfarlig	adjective	swe	brannfarlig	adjective	nor
brasiliansk	adjective	swe	brasiliansk	adjective	nor
bred	adjective	swe	bred	adjective	nor
bred	adjective	swe	brei	adjective	nor
bristfällig	adjective	swe	mangelfull	adjective	nor
brittisk	adjective	swe	britisk	adjective	nor
broderlig	adjective	swe	broderleg	adjective	nor
broderlig	adjective	swe	broderlig	adjective	nor
brukbar	adjective	swe	brukbar	adjective	nor
brun	adjective	swe	brun	adjective	nor
brutal	adjective	swe	brutal	adjective	nor
brysk	adjective	swe	bratt	adjective	nor
brysk	adjective	swe	brattlendt	adjective	nor
brysk	adjective	swe	brå	adjective	nor
brännbar	adjective	swe	brennbar	adjective	nor
bråd	adjective	swe	fort	adjective	nor
bråd	adjective	swe	hurtig	adjective	nor
bråd	adjective	swe	kjapp	adjective	nor
bunden	adjective	swe	bundet	adjective	nor
burgen	adjective	swe	halden	adjective	nor
burgen	adjective	swe	holden	adjective	nor
burlesk	adjective	swe	burlesk	adjective	nor
byråkratisk	adjective	swe	byråkratisk	adjective	nor
bärbar	adjective	swe	berbar	adjective	nor
bärbar	adjective	swe	bærbar	adjective	nor
bärig	adjective	swe	berekraftig	adjective	nor
bärig	adjective	swe	bærekraftig	adjective	nor
bökig	adjective	swe	rusket	adjective	nor
central	adjective	swe	sentral	adjective	nor
centralafrikansk	adjective	swe	sentralafrikansk	adjective	nor
chilensk	adjective	swe	chilensk	adjective	nor
civil	adjective	swe	sivil	adjective	nor
cool	adjective	swe	kul	adjective	nor
cynisk	adjective	swe	kynisk	adjective	nor
daglig	adjective	swe	dagleg	adjective	nor
daglig	adjective	swe	daglig	adjective	nor
dansk	adjective	swe	dansk	adjective	nor
defensiv	adjective	swe	defensiv	adjective	nor
definitiv	adjective	swe	definitiv	adjective	nor
definitiv	adjective	swe	endeleg	adjective	nor
definitiv	adjective	swe	endelig	adjective	nor
dejlig	adjective	swe	deileg	adjective	nor
dejlig	adjective	swe	deilig	adjective	nor
delikat	adjective	swe	delikat	adjective	nor
demokratisk	adjective	swe	demokratisk	adjective	nor
desperat	adjective	swe	desperat	adjective	nor
diger	adjective	swe	diger	adjective	nor
digital	adjective	swe	digital	adjective	nor
diplomatisk	adjective	swe	diplomatisk	adjective	nor
direkt	adjective	swe	direkte	adjective	nor
diskret	adjective	swe	diskret	adjective	nor
diskret	adjective	swe	diskré	adjective	nor
distinkt	adjective	swe	distinkt	adjective	nor
djup	adjective	swe	djup	adjective	nor
djup	adjective	swe	dyp	adjective	nor
dramatisk	adjective	swe	dramatisk	adjective	nor
drastisk	adjective	swe	drastisk	adjective	nor
dristig	adjective	swe	dristig	adjective	nor
driven	adjective	swe	dugeleg	adjective	nor
driven	adjective	swe	dugelig	adjective	nor
driven	adjective	swe	dyktig	adjective	nor
driven	adjective	swe	flink	adjective	nor
drullig	adjective	swe	klosset	adjective	nor
drullig	adjective	swe	tomsete	adjective	nor
drumlig	adjective	swe	klosset	adjective	nor
drumlig	adjective	swe	tomsete	adjective	nor
drummelaktig	adjective	swe	klosset	adjective	nor
drummelaktig	adjective	swe	tomsete	adjective	nor
dryg	adjective	swe	dryg	adjective	nor
dryg	adjective	swe	drøy	adjective	nor
dubbel	adjective	swe	dobbel	adjective	nor
dum	adjective	swe	dum	adjective	nor
dynamisk	adjective	swe	dynamisk	adjective	nor
dyr	adjective	swe	dyr	adjective	nor
dyrbar	adjective	swe	kostbar	adjective	nor
dyrbar	adjective	swe	verdifull	adjective	nor
dyster	adjective	swe	dyster	adjective	nor
dålig	adjective	swe	dårleg	adjective	nor
dålig	adjective	swe	dårlig	adjective	nor
dålig	adjective	swe	vond	adjective	nor
dåraktig	adjective	swe	fåvitig	adjective	nor
dåraktig	adjective	swe	tåpeleg	adjective	nor
dåraktig	adjective	swe	tåpelig	adjective	nor
död	adjective	swe	død	adjective	nor
död	adjective	swe	død	adjective	nor
dödlig	adjective	swe	dødeleg	adjective	nor
dödlig	adjective	swe	dødelig	adjective	nor
dödlig	adjective	swe	dødeleg	adjective	nor
döv	adjective	swe	dauv	adjective	nor
döv	adjective	swe	døv	adjective	nor
effektiv	adjective	swe	effektiv	adjective	nor
eftertänksam	adjective	swe	ettertenksam	adjective	nor
eftertänksam	adjective	swe	ettertenksom	adjective	nor
egen	adjective	swe	egen	adjective	nor
egentlig	adjective	swe	egentlig	adjective	nor
egentlig	adjective	swe	eigentleg	adjective	nor
egentlig	adjective	swe	eigentleg	adjective	nor
egoistisk	adjective	swe	egoistisk	adjective	nor
egyptisk	adjective	swe	egyptisk	adjective	nor
ekologisk	adjective	swe	økologisk	adjective	nor
ekonomisk	adjective	swe	økonomisk	adjective	nor
elastisk	adjective	swe	elastisk	adjective	nor
elegant	adjective	swe	elegant	adjective	nor
elektrisk	adjective	swe	elektrisk	adjective	nor
elektronisk	adjective	swe	elektronisk	adjective	nor
eländig	adjective	swe	elendig	adjective	nor
emfatisk	adjective	swe	ettertrykkeleg	adjective	nor
emfatisk	adjective	swe	ettertrykkelig	adjective	nor
emfatisk	adjective	swe	ettertrykkeleg	adjective	nor
enastående	adjective	swe	eineståande	adjective	nor
enastående	adjective	swe	enestående	adjective	nor
enastående	adjective	swe	framragande	adjective	nor
enastående	adjective	swe	fremragende	adjective	nor
energisk	adjective	swe	energisk	adjective	nor
enda	adjective	swe	einaste	adjective	nor
enda	adjective	swe	eneste	adjective	nor
engelsk	adjective	swe	engelsk	adjective	nor
enhetlig	adjective	swe	einskapleg	adjective	nor
enhetlig	adjective	swe	enhetlig	adjective	nor
enhällig	adjective	swe	einstemmig	adjective	nor
enhällig	adjective	swe	enstemmig	adjective	nor
enig	adjective	swe	einig	adjective	nor
enig	adjective	swe	enig	adjective	nor
enig	adjective	swe	samd	adjective	nor
enig	adjective	swe	einig	adjective	nor
enorm	adjective	swe	enorm	adjective	nor
ensam	adjective	swe	einsam	adjective	nor
ensam	adjective	swe	ensom	adjective	nor
ensidig	adjective	swe	einsidig	adjective	nor
ensidig	adjective	swe	ensidig	adjective	nor
simpel	adjective	swe	einskild	adjective	nor
simpel	adjective	swe	enkelt	adjective	nor
enstak	adjective	swe	enkel	adjective	nor
påver	adjective	swe	enkel	adjective	nor
torftig	adjective	swe	enkel	adjective	nor
enkel	adjective	swe	enkel	adjective	nor
enskild	adjective	swe	enkelt	adjective	nor
enskild	adjective	swe	personell	adjective	nor
enskild	adjective	swe	personleg	adjective	nor
enskild	adjective	swe	personlig	adjective	nor
entusiastisk	adjective	swe	entusiastisk	adjective	nor
entydig	adjective	swe	eintydig	adjective	nor
entydig	adjective	swe	entydig	adjective	nor
enveten	adjective	swe	sta	adjective	nor
envis	adjective	swe	sta	adjective	nor
erfaren	adjective	swe	erfaren	adjective	nor
erotisk	adjective	swe	erotisk	adjective	nor
estetisk	adjective	swe	estetisk	adjective	nor
estnisk	adjective	swe	estisk	adjective	nor
eterisk	adjective	swe	eterisk	adjective	nor
etiopisk	adjective	swe	etiopisk	adjective	nor
etisk	adjective	swe	etisk	adjective	nor
etnisk	adjective	swe	etnisk	adjective	nor
europeisk	adjective	swe	europeisk	adjective	nor
eventuell	adjective	swe	eventuell	adjective	nor
evig	adjective	swe	evig	adjective	nor
evinnerlig	adjective	swe	evindeleg	adjective	nor
evinnerlig	adjective	swe	evindelig	adjective	nor
evärdlig	adjective	swe	evindeleg	adjective	nor
evärdlig	adjective	swe	evindelig	adjective	nor
exakt	adjective	swe	eksakt	adjective	nor
exempellös	adjective	swe	eineståande	adjective	nor
exempellös	adjective	swe	enestående	adjective	nor
exklusiv	adjective	swe	eksklusiv	adjective	nor
exotisk	adjective	swe	eksotisk	adjective	nor
expansiv	adjective	swe	ekspansiv	adjective	nor
explosiv	adjective	swe	eksplosiv	adjective	nor
extern	adjective	swe	ekstern	adjective	nor
extra	adjective	swe	ekstra	adjective	nor
extraordinär	adjective	swe	ekstraordinær	adjective	nor
extrem	adjective	swe	ekstrem	adjective	nor
fabriksny	adjective	swe	fabrikkny	adjective	nor
faktisk	adjective	swe	effektiv	adjective	nor
faktisk	adjective	swe	faktisk	adjective	nor
faktisk	adjective	swe	verkeleg	adjective	nor
faktisk	adjective	swe	virkelig	adjective	nor
falsk	adjective	swe	falsk	adjective	nor
falsk	adjective	swe	usann	adjective	nor
fanatisk	adjective	swe	heilfrelst	adjective	nor
fanatisk	adjective	swe	helfrelst	adjective	nor
fantasilös	adjective	swe	fantasilaus	adjective	nor
fantasilös	adjective	swe	fantasiløs	adjective	nor
fantastisk	adjective	swe	fantastisk	adjective	nor
farlig	adjective	swe	farleg	adjective	nor
farlig	adjective	swe	farlig	adjective	nor
fast	adjective	swe	fast	adjective	nor
fatal	adjective	swe	fatal	adjective	nor
fattig	adjective	swe	fattig	adjective	nor
feberfri	adjective	swe	feberfri	adjective	nor
feg	adjective	swe	feig	adjective	nor
felfri	adjective	swe	feilfri	adjective	nor
femårig	adjective	swe	femårig	adjective	nor
feministisk	adjective	swe	feministisk	adjective	nor
festlig	adjective	swe	festleg	adjective	nor
festlig	adjective	swe	festlig	adjective	nor
fiktiv	adjective	swe	fiktiv	adjective	nor
filologisk	adjective	swe	filologisk	adjective	nor
fin	adjective	swe	fin	adjective	nor
fin	adjective	swe	fullgod	adjective	nor
fin	adjective	swe	grei	adjective	nor
final	adjective	swe	final	adjective	nor
finsk	adjective	swe	finsk	adjective	nor
fisig	adjective	swe	dårleg	adjective	nor
fisig	adjective	swe	dårlig	adjective	nor
fisig	adjective	swe	vond	adjective	nor
flamsk	adjective	swe	flamsk	adjective	nor
flyttbar	adjective	swe	flyttbar	adjective	nor
fläskig	adjective	swe	feit	adjective	nor
fläskig	adjective	swe	fet	adjective	nor
flådig	adjective	swe	flott	adjective	nor
folklig	adjective	swe	folkeleg	adjective	nor
folklig	adjective	swe	folkelig	adjective	nor
folkskygg	adjective	swe	folkesky	adjective	nor
formell	adjective	swe	formell	adjective	nor
formidabel	adjective	swe	formidabel	adjective	nor
framkomlig	adjective	swe	framkommeleg	adjective	nor
framkomlig	adjective	swe	framkommeleg	adjective	nor
framkomlig	adjective	swe	fremkommelig	adjective	nor
framliden	adjective	swe	avdød	adjective	nor
framliden	adjective	swe	avliden	adjective	nor
fransk	adjective	swe	fransk	adjective	nor
fredlig	adjective	swe	fredeleg	adjective	nor
fredlig	adjective	swe	fredelig	adjective	nor
frejdad	adjective	swe	berømmeleg	adjective	nor
frejdad	adjective	swe	berømmelig	adjective	nor
frejdad	adjective	swe	berømt	adjective	nor
frejdad	adjective	swe	vidgjeten	adjective	nor
frenetisk	adjective	swe	hektisk	adjective	nor
fri	adjective	swe	fri	adjective	nor
fridsam	adjective	swe	fredeleg	adjective	nor
fridsam	adjective	swe	fredelig	adjective	nor
friktionsfri	adjective	swe	friksjonsfri	adjective	nor
frisk	adjective	swe	frisk	adjective	nor
frisk	adjective	swe	sprek	adjective	nor
frivillig	adjective	swe	frivillig	adjective	nor
frodig	adjective	swe	frodig	adjective	nor
from	adjective	swe	from	adjective	nor
frostfri	adjective	swe	frostfri	adjective	nor
frostig	adjective	swe	frosen	adjective	nor
frostig	adjective	swe	frossen	adjective	nor
fruktansvärd	adjective	swe	frykteleg	adjective	nor
fruktansvärd	adjective	swe	fryktelig	adjective	nor
fruktbar	adjective	swe	fruktbar	adjective	nor
fruktsam	adjective	swe	fruktbar	adjective	nor
frusen	adjective	swe	frosen	adjective	nor
frusen	adjective	swe	frossen	adjective	nor
främmande	adjective	swe	framand	adjective	nor
främmande	adjective	swe	fremmed	adjective	nor
främmande	adjective	swe	fremmend	adjective	nor
främre	adjective	swe	fremre	adjective	nor
fuktig	adjective	swe	fuktig	adjective	nor
ful	adjective	swe	stygg	adjective	nor
full	adjective	swe	full	adjective	nor
fullkomlig	adjective	swe	fullkommen	adjective	nor
fullkomlig	adjective	swe	fullstendig	adjective	nor
fullständig	adjective	swe	fullstendig	adjective	nor
fulltalig	adjective	swe	fulltalig	adjective	nor
fulltalig	adjective	swe	fulltallig	adjective	nor
fundamental	adjective	swe	fundamental	adjective	nor
fysikalisk	adjective	swe	fysisk	adjective	nor
fysiologisk	adjective	swe	fysiologisk	adjective	nor
fysisk	adjective	swe	fysisk	adjective	nor
färdig	adjective	swe	ferdig	adjective	nor
färglös	adjective	swe	fargelaus	adjective	nor
färglös	adjective	swe	fargeløs	adjective	nor
färgrik	adjective	swe	fargerik	adjective	nor
få	adjective	swe	få	adjective	nor
förarlös	adjective	swe	førarlaus	adjective	nor
förarlös	adjective	swe	førerlaus	adjective	nor
förarlös	adjective	swe	førerløs	adjective	nor
fördomsfri	adjective	swe	fordomsfri	adjective	nor
förebildlig	adjective	swe	forbilledlig	adjective	nor
förebildlig	adjective	swe	framifrå	adjective	nor
föredömlig	adjective	swe	forbilledlig	adjective	nor
föredömlig	adjective	swe	framifrå	adjective	nor
förfallen	adjective	swe	forfallen	adjective	nor
förfärlig	adjective	swe	forferdeleg	adjective	nor
förfärlig	adjective	swe	forferdelig	adjective	nor
förnuftig	adjective	swe	fornuftig	adjective	nor
förnämlig	adjective	swe	fornem	adjective	nor
förnöjd	adjective	swe	fornøyd	adjective	nor
förnöjd	adjective	swe	nøgd	adjective	nor
förnöjsam	adjective	swe	fornøyd	adjective	nor
förnöjsam	adjective	swe	nøgd	adjective	nor
försiktig	adjective	swe	forsiktig	adjective	nor
förståelig	adjective	swe	forståeleg	adjective	nor
förståelig	adjective	swe	forståelig	adjective	nor
förståndig	adjective	swe	vettig	adjective	nor
förståndig	adjective	swe	vitig	adjective	nor
försumlig	adjective	swe	forsømeleg	adjective	nor
försumlig	adjective	swe	forsømmeleg	adjective	nor
försumlig	adjective	swe	forsømmelig	adjective	nor
försvarlig	adjective	swe	forsvarleg	adjective	nor
försvarlig	adjective	swe	forsvarlig	adjective	nor
försåtlig	adjective	swe	lur	adjective	nor
förtjänt	adjective	swe	fortent	adjective	nor
förtjänt	adjective	swe	fortjent	adjective	nor
förtrogen	adjective	swe	fortrolig	adjective	nor
förtrogen	adjective	swe	fortruleg	adjective	nor
förtrolig	adjective	swe	fortrolig	adjective	nor
förtrolig	adjective	swe	fortruleg	adjective	nor
förtänksam	adjective	swe	omtenksam	adjective	nor
förtänksam	adjective	swe	omtenksom	adjective	nor
förunderlig	adjective	swe	forunderleg	adjective	nor
förunderlig	adjective	swe	forunderlig	adjective	nor
gammal	adjective	swe	gammal	adjective	nor
gammal	adjective	swe	gammel	adjective	nor
gammalmodig	adjective	swe	gammaldags	adjective	nor
gammalmodig	adjective	swe	gammeldags	adjective	nor
gemen	adjective	swe	alminneleg	adjective	nor
gemen	adjective	swe	alminnelig	adjective	nor
gemensam	adjective	swe	felles	adjective	nor
gemytlig	adjective	swe	gemeinsleg	adjective	nor
gemytlig	adjective	swe	gemeinslig	adjective	nor
gemytlig	adjective	swe	gemensleg	adjective	nor
gemytlig	adjective	swe	gemenslig	adjective	nor
gen	adjective	swe	kort	adjective	nor
gen	adjective	swe	rett	adjective	nor
generell	adjective	swe	generell	adjective	nor
genetisk	adjective	swe	genetisk	adjective	nor
genial	adjective	swe	genial	adjective	nor
genialisk	adjective	swe	genial	adjective	nor
genomsnittlig	adjective	swe	gjennomsnittleg	adjective	nor
genomsnittlig	adjective	swe	gjennomsnittlig	adjective	nor
geografisk	adjective	swe	geografisk	adjective	nor
gift	adjective	swe	gift	adjective	nor
giftfri	adjective	swe	giftfri	adjective	nor
giftig	adjective	swe	giftig	adjective	nor
gigantisk	adjective	swe	gigantisk	adjective	nor
gill	adjective	swe	gyldig	adjective	nor
giltig	adjective	swe	gyldig	adjective	nor
glad	adjective	swe	glad	adjective	nor
glad	adjective	swe	lykkeleg	adjective	nor
glad	adjective	swe	lykkelig	adjective	nor
gladelig	adjective	swe	gledeleg	adjective	nor
gladelig	adjective	swe	gledelig	adjective	nor
glamourös	adjective	swe	glamorøs	adjective	nor
global	adjective	swe	global	adjective	nor
glutenfri	adjective	swe	glutenfri	adjective	nor
glåmig	adjective	swe	bleik	adjective	nor
glåmig	adjective	swe	blek	adjective	nor
gnällig	adjective	swe	misfornøyd	adjective	nor
gnällig	adjective	swe	misnøgd	adjective	nor
god	adjective	swe	bra	adjective	nor
god	adjective	swe	god	adjective	nor
god	adjective	swe	ram	adjective	nor
godmodig	adjective	swe	godmodig	adjective	nor
godvillig	adjective	swe	godvillig	adjective	nor
gracil	adjective	swe	spinkel	adjective	nor
grammatikalisk	adjective	swe	grammatisk	adjective	nor
grammatisk	adjective	swe	grammatisk	adjective	nor
gratis	adjective	swe	gratis	adjective	nor
gravid	adjective	swe	gravid	adjective	nor
grekisk	adjective	swe	gresk	adjective	nor
grotesk	adjective	swe	grotesk	adjective	nor
grov	adjective	swe	grov	adjective	nor
grov	adjective	swe	røff	adjective	nor
grund	adjective	swe	grunn	adjective	nor
grundlig	adjective	swe	grundig	adjective	nor
grundläggande	adjective	swe	grunnleggende	adjective	nor
grundläggande	adjective	swe	grunnleggjande	adjective	nor
grundlös	adjective	swe	grunnlaus	adjective	nor
grundlös	adjective	swe	grunnløs	adjective	nor
gruvlig	adjective	swe	grueleg	adjective	nor
gruvlig	adjective	swe	gruelig	adjective	nor
grym	adjective	swe	grusam	adjective	nor
grym	adjective	swe	grusom	adjective	nor
grå	adjective	swe	grå	adjective	nor
gråblå	adjective	swe	gråblå	adjective	nor
grön	adjective	swe	grøn	adjective	nor
grön	adjective	swe	grønn	adjective	nor
gudomlig	adjective	swe	guddommeleg	adjective	nor
gudomlig	adjective	swe	guddommelig	adjective	nor
gul	adjective	swe	gul	adjective	nor
gunstig	adjective	swe	gunstig	adjective	nor
gynnsam	adjective	swe	gunstig	adjective	nor
gästfri	adjective	swe	gjestfri	adjective	nor
gående	adjective	swe	gåande	adjective	nor
gående	adjective	swe	gående	adjective	nor
habil	adjective	swe	habil	adjective	nor
hal	adjective	swe	glatt	adjective	nor
halkig	adjective	swe	glatt	adjective	nor
halv	adjective	swe	halv	adjective	nor
harmonisk	adjective	swe	harmonisk	adjective	nor
havande	adjective	swe	gravid	adjective	nor
hederlig	adjective	swe	hederlig	adjective	nor
hederlig	adjective	swe	heiderleg	adjective	nor
hedersam	adjective	swe	hederlig	adjective	nor
hedersam	adjective	swe	heiderleg	adjective	nor
hektisk	adjective	swe	hektisk	adjective	nor
hel	adjective	swe	heil	adjective	nor
hel	adjective	swe	hel	adjective	nor
helig	adjective	swe	heilag	adjective	nor
helig	adjective	swe	hellig	adjective	nor
hemlig	adjective	swe	hemmeleg	adjective	nor
hemlig	adjective	swe	hemmelig	adjective	nor
hemlös	adjective	swe	heimlaus	adjective	nor
hemlös	adjective	swe	hjemløs	adjective	nor
hemmastadd	adjective	swe	heimevand	adjective	nor
hemmastadd	adjective	swe	hjemmevant	adjective	nor
hemsk	adjective	swe	forferdeleg	adjective	nor
hemsk	adjective	swe	forferdelig	adjective	nor
hemsk	adjective	swe	fæl	adjective	nor
hemsk	adjective	swe	skrekkeleg	adjective	nor
hemsk	adjective	swe	skrekkelig	adjective	nor
hemsk	adjective	swe	uhyggeleg	adjective	nor
hemsk	adjective	swe	uhyggelig	adjective	nor
hemtam	adjective	swe	heimevand	adjective	nor
hemtam	adjective	swe	hjemmevant	adjective	nor
hemvävd	adjective	swe	heimeveve	adjective	nor
hemvävd	adjective	swe	hjemmevevd	adjective	nor
het	adjective	swe	heit	adjective	nor
het	adjective	swe	het	adjective	nor
hetsig	adjective	swe	amper	adjective	nor
himmelsk	adjective	swe	himmelsk	adjective	nor
historisk	adjective	swe	historisk	adjective	nor
hjälplös	adjective	swe	hjelpelaus	adjective	nor
hjälplös	adjective	swe	hjelpeløs	adjective	nor
hjärndöd	adjective	swe	hjernedaud	adjective	nor
hjärndöd	adjective	swe	hjernedød	adjective	nor
hjärtlig	adjective	swe	hjerteleg	adjective	nor
hjärtlig	adjective	swe	hjertelig	adjective	nor
hjärtnupen	adjective	swe	følsam	adjective	nor
hjärtnupen	adjective	swe	følsom	adjective	nor
hjärtnupen	adjective	swe	kjenslevar	adjective	nor
holländsk	adjective	swe	hollandsk	adjective	nor
finländsk	adjective	swe	finlandsk	adjective	nor
holländsk	adjective	swe	nederlandsk	adjective	nor
homogen	adjective	swe	homogen	adjective	nor
hopplös	adjective	swe	håplaus	adjective	nor
hopplös	adjective	swe	håpløs	adjective	nor
hormonell	adjective	swe	hormonell	adjective	nor
horribel	adjective	swe	horribel	adjective	nor
hugnesam	adjective	swe	gledeleg	adjective	nor
hugnesam	adjective	swe	gledelig	adjective	nor
human	adjective	swe	human	adjective	nor
humanistisk	adjective	swe	humanistisk	adjective	nor
humanitär	adjective	swe	humanitær	adjective	nor
humoristisk	adjective	swe	humoristisk	adjective	nor
hungrig	adjective	swe	sulten	adjective	nor
hungrig	adjective	swe	svolten	adjective	nor
hurtig	adjective	swe	fort	adjective	nor
hurtig	adjective	swe	hurtig	adjective	nor
hurtig	adjective	swe	kjapp	adjective	nor
hydraulisk	adjective	swe	hydraulisk	adjective	nor
hygienisk	adjective	swe	hygienisk	adjective	nor
hysterisk	adjective	swe	hysterisk	adjective	nor
häftig	adjective	swe	heftig	adjective	nor
händelserik	adjective	swe	begivenhetsrik	adjective	nor
händelserik	adjective	swe	spennande	adjective	nor
hänsynslös	adjective	swe	hensynsløs	adjective	nor
hänsynslös	adjective	swe	omsynslaus	adjective	nor
härlig	adjective	swe	herleg	adjective	nor
härlig	adjective	swe	herlig	adjective	nor
hård	adjective	swe	hard	adjective	nor
hård	adjective	swe	tøff	adjective	nor
hög	adjective	swe	høg	adjective	nor
hög	adjective	swe	høy	adjective	nor
högdragen	adjective	swe	viktig	adjective	nor
höger	adjective	swe	høgre	adjective	nor
höger	adjective	swe	høyre	adjective	nor
högljudd	adjective	swe	høglydt	adjective	nor
högljudd	adjective	swe	høylytt	adjective	nor
högtidlig	adjective	swe	høgtideleg	adjective	nor
högtidlig	adjective	swe	høytidelig	adjective	nor
högvuxen	adjective	swe	høg	adjective	nor
högvuxen	adjective	swe	høy	adjective	nor
högväxt	adjective	swe	høg	adjective	nor
högväxt	adjective	swe	høy	adjective	nor
hörbar	adjective	swe	hørbar	adjective	nor
hörbar	adjective	swe	høyrbar	adjective	nor
höstlig	adjective	swe	haustleg	adjective	nor
höstlig	adjective	swe	høstlig	adjective	nor
ideal	adjective	swe	ideell	adjective	nor
idealisk	adjective	swe	ideell	adjective	nor
ideell	adjective	swe	ideell	adjective	nor
identisk	adjective	swe	identisk	adjective	nor
ideologisk	adjective	swe	ideologisk	adjective	nor
idiotisk	adjective	swe	idiotisk	adjective	nor
idyllisk	adjective	swe	idyllisk	adjective	nor
imperialistisk	adjective	swe	imperialistisk	adjective	nor
inaktuell	adjective	swe	uaktuell	adjective	nor
indirekt	adjective	swe	indirekte	adjective	nor
indisk	adjective	swe	indisk	adjective	nor
individuell	adjective	swe	individuell	adjective	nor
indonesisk	adjective	swe	indonesisk	adjective	nor
industriell	adjective	swe	industriell	adjective	nor
informativ	adjective	swe	informativ	adjective	nor
inhemsk	adjective	swe	innanlandsk	adjective	nor
inhemsk	adjective	swe	innenlandsk	adjective	nor
inkorrekt	adjective	swe	ukorrekt	adjective	nor
innerlig	adjective	swe	inderleg	adjective	nor
innerlig	adjective	swe	inderlig	adjective	nor
innerlig	adjective	swe	innstendig	adjective	nor
innovativ	adjective	swe	innovativ	adjective	nor
inofficiell	adjective	swe	uoffisiell	adjective	nor
inrikes	adjective	swe	innanriks	adjective	nor
inrikes	adjective	swe	innariks	adjective	nor
inrikes	adjective	swe	innenriks	adjective	nor
intakt	adjective	swe	intakt	adjective	nor
intensiv	adjective	swe	intensiv	adjective	nor
interaktiv	adjective	swe	interaktiv	adjective	nor
interimistisk	adjective	swe	foreløpig	adjective	nor
interimistisk	adjective	swe	førebels	adjective	nor
intern	adjective	swe	intern	adjective	nor
internationell	adjective	swe	internasjonal	adjective	nor
intim	adjective	swe	intim	adjective	nor
intressant	adjective	swe	interessant	adjective	nor
ironisk	adjective	swe	ironisk	adjective	nor
isfri	adjective	swe	isfri	adjective	nor
isig	adjective	swe	iskald	adjective	nor
iskall	adjective	swe	iskald	adjective	nor
islamisk	adjective	swe	islamittisk	adjective	nor
islamisk	adjective	swe	islamsk	adjective	nor
isländsk	adjective	swe	islandsk	adjective	nor
israelisk	adjective	swe	israelsk	adjective	nor
istadig	adjective	swe	sta	adjective	nor
italiensk	adjective	swe	italiensk	adjective	nor
ivrig	adjective	swe	ivrig	adjective	nor
japansk	adjective	swe	japansk	adjective	nor
jolmig	adjective	swe	emmen	adjective	nor
jolmig	adjective	swe	vammel	adjective	nor
jordisk	adjective	swe	jordisk	adjective	nor
judisk	adjective	swe	jødisk	adjective	nor
juridisk	adjective	swe	juridisk	adjective	nor
juridisk	adjective	swe	lovleg	adjective	nor
juridisk	adjective	swe	lovlig	adjective	nor
jäklig	adjective	swe	lei	adjective	nor
jämförbar	adjective	swe	samanliknbar	adjective	nor
jämförbar	adjective	swe	sammenlignbar	adjective	nor
jämn	adjective	swe	flat	adjective	nor
jämn	adjective	swe	flau	adjective	nor
jämn	adjective	swe	flå	adjective	nor
jämnårig	adjective	swe	jamaldrande	adjective	nor
jämnårig	adjective	swe	jamgammal	adjective	nor
jämnårig	adjective	swe	jamnaldrande	adjective	nor
jämnårig	adjective	swe	jamngammal	adjective	nor
jämnårig	adjective	swe	jevnaldrende	adjective	nor
jämnårig	adjective	swe	jevngammal	adjective	nor
jämnårig	adjective	swe	jevngammel	adjective	nor
jämställd	adjective	swe	lik	adjective	nor
kal	adjective	swe	bar	adjective	nor
kal	adjective	swe	berr	adjective	nor
kall	adjective	swe	kald	adjective	nor
kalorifattig	adjective	swe	kalorifri	adjective	nor
kanadensisk	adjective	swe	canadisk	adjective	nor
kapitalistisk	adjective	swe	kapitalistisk	adjective	nor
karakteristisk	adjective	swe	karakteristisk	adjective	nor
katastrofal	adjective	swe	katastrofal	adjective	nor
kategorisk	adjective	swe	kategorisk	adjective	nor
katolsk	adjective	swe	katolsk	adjective	nor
kavat	adjective	swe	kjekk	adjective	nor
kemisk	adjective	swe	kjemisk	adjective	nor
kinesisk	adjective	swe	kinesisk	adjective	nor
kirurgisk	adjective	swe	kirurgisk	adjective	nor
klar	adjective	swe	klar	adjective	nor
klar	adjective	swe	klar	adjective	nor
klassisk	adjective	swe	klassisk	adjective	nor
klatschig	adjective	swe	flott	adjective	nor
klentrogen	adjective	swe	skeptisk	adjective	nor
klok	adjective	swe	klok	adjective	nor
klossig	adjective	swe	klosset	adjective	nor
klossig	adjective	swe	tomsete	adjective	nor
klyftig	adjective	swe	kløktig	adjective	nor
knälång	adjective	swe	knelang	adjective	nor
kolossal	adjective	swe	kolossal	adjective	nor
komfortabel	adjective	swe	komfortabel	adjective	nor
komisk	adjective	swe	komisk	adjective	nor
kommersiell	adjective	swe	kommersiell	adjective	nor
kommunal	adjective	swe	kommunal	adjective	nor
kommunistisk	adjective	swe	kommunistisk	adjective	nor
kompetent	adjective	swe	kompetent	adjective	nor
komplett	adjective	swe	fullstendig	adjective	nor
komplett	adjective	swe	komplett	adjective	nor
konkret	adjective	swe	konkret	adjective	nor
konkurrenskraftig	adjective	swe	konkurransedyktig	adjective	nor
konsekvent	adjective	swe	konsekvent	adjective	nor
konservativ	adjective	swe	konservativ	adjective	nor
konstant	adjective	swe	konstant	adjective	nor
konstgjord	adjective	swe	kunstig	adjective	nor
konstgjord	adjective	swe	tilgjord	adjective	nor
konstgjord	adjective	swe	tilgjort	adjective	nor
konstlad	adjective	swe	kunstig	adjective	nor
konstlad	adjective	swe	tilgjord	adjective	nor
konstlad	adjective	swe	tilgjort	adjective	nor
konsulär	adjective	swe	konsulær	adjective	nor
kontinental	adjective	swe	kontinental	adjective	nor
kontinuerlig	adjective	swe	kontinuerleg	adjective	nor
kontinuerlig	adjective	swe	kontinuerlig	adjective	nor
konventionell	adjective	swe	konvensjonell	adjective	nor
koreansk	adjective	swe	koreansk	adjective	nor
korrekt	adjective	swe	korrekt	adjective	nor
korrupt	adjective	swe	korrupt	adjective	nor
kort	adjective	swe	kort	adjective	nor
kostbar	adjective	swe	dyr	adjective	nor
kraftig	adjective	swe	kraftig	adjective	nor
kraftvunnen	adjective	swe	rettskraftig	adjective	nor
kreativ	adjective	swe	kreativ	adjective	nor
kriminalpolitisk	adjective	swe	kriminalpolitisk	adjective	nor
kriminell	adjective	swe	kriminell	adjective	nor
kristen	adjective	swe	kristen	adjective	nor
kristlig	adjective	swe	kristeleg	adjective	nor
kristlig	adjective	swe	kristelig	adjective	nor
kritisk	adjective	swe	kritisk	adjective	nor
kroatisk	adjective	swe	kroatisk	adjective	nor
krokig	adjective	swe	krokete	adjective	nor
kruserlig	adjective	swe	omstendeleg	adjective	nor
kruserlig	adjective	swe	omstendelig	adjective	nor
kry	adjective	swe	alvorleg	adjective	nor
kry	adjective	swe	alvorlig	adjective	nor
kräslig	adjective	swe	overdådig	adjective	nor
kulturell	adjective	swe	kulturell	adjective	nor
kulturhistorisk	adjective	swe	kulturell	adjective	nor
kulturhistorisk	adjective	swe	kulturhistorisk	adjective	nor
kunglig	adjective	swe	kongeleg	adjective	nor
kunglig	adjective	swe	kongelig	adjective	nor
kunnig	adjective	swe	dugeleg	adjective	nor
kunnig	adjective	swe	dugelig	adjective	nor
kunnig	adjective	swe	dyktig	adjective	nor
kunnig	adjective	swe	flink	adjective	nor
kuslig	adjective	swe	uhyggeleg	adjective	nor
kuslig	adjective	swe	uhyggelig	adjective	nor
kvadratisk	adjective	swe	firkanta	adjective	nor
kvadratisk	adjective	swe	firkantet	adjective	nor
kverulantisk	adjective	swe	krakilsk	adjective	nor
kvinnlig	adjective	swe	kvinneleg	adjective	nor
kvinnlig	adjective	swe	kvinnelig	adjective	nor
kvistfri	adjective	swe	kvistfri	adjective	nor
kynisk	adjective	swe	kynisk	adjective	nor
kyrklig	adjective	swe	kirkelig	adjective	nor
kyrklig	adjective	swe	kyrkjeleg	adjective	nor
käck	adjective	swe	kjekk	adjective	nor
känd	adjective	swe	kjend	adjective	nor
känd	adjective	swe	kjent	adjective	nor
känslig	adjective	swe	følsam	adjective	nor
känslig	adjective	swe	følsom	adjective	nor
känslig	adjective	swe	kjenslevar	adjective	nor
kär	adjective	swe	kjær	adjective	nor
kärkommen	adjective	swe	kjærkommen	adjective	nor
kärkommen	adjective	swe	kjærkommen	adjective	nor
kärv	adjective	swe	bitter	adjective	nor
könlös	adjective	swe	kjønnslaus	adjective	nor
könlös	adjective	swe	kjønnsløs	adjective	nor
könslig	adjective	swe	kjønnsleg	adjective	nor
könslig	adjective	swe	kjønnslig	adjective	nor
lam	adjective	swe	lam	adjective	nor
lat	adjective	swe	lat	adjective	nor
latinsk	adjective	swe	latinsk	adjective	nor
led	adjective	swe	lei	adjective	nor
ledig	adjective	swe	ledig	adjective	nor
ledsam	adjective	swe	kjedeleg	adjective	nor
ledsam	adjective	swe	kjedelig	adjective	nor
ledsam	adjective	swe	trasig	adjective	nor
ledsen	adjective	swe	lei	adjective	nor
ledsen	adjective	swe	stur	adjective	nor
ledsen	adjective	swe	trist	adjective	nor
legendarisk	adjective	swe	legendarisk	adjective	nor
legitim	adjective	swe	legitim	adjective	nor
leklysten	adjective	swe	leiken	adjective	nor
leklysten	adjective	swe	leken	adjective	nor
lettisk	adjective	swe	latvisk	adjective	nor
levande	adjective	swe	levande	adjective	nor
levande	adjective	swe	levende	adjective	nor
libanesisk	adjective	swe	libanesisk	adjective	nor
liberal	adjective	swe	liberal	adjective	nor
lidelsefull	adjective	swe	ildfull	adjective	nor
lidelsefull	adjective	swe	lidenskapeleg	adjective	nor
lidelsefull	adjective	swe	lidenskapelig	adjective	nor
lik	adjective	swe	lik	adjective	nor
likadan	adjective	swe	lik	adjective	nor
likadan	adjective	swe	likedan	adjective	nor
likformig	adjective	swe	lik	adjective	nor
likformig	adjective	swe	likedan	adjective	nor
likgiltig	adjective	swe	likegyldig	adjective	nor
liknande	adjective	swe	lignende	adjective	nor
liknande	adjective	swe	liknande	adjective	nor
liknande	adjective	swe	liknende	adjective	nor
likvärd	adjective	swe	likeverdig	adjective	nor
likvärdig	adjective	swe	likeverdig	adjective	nor
litauisk	adjective	swe	litauisk	adjective	nor
liten	adjective	swe	liten	adjective	nor
liten	adjective	swe	småvaksen	adjective	nor
liten	adjective	swe	småvokst	adjective	nor
litterär	adjective	swe	litterær	adjective	nor
liturgisk	adjective	swe	liturgisk	adjective	nor
livaktig	adjective	swe	levande	adjective	nor
livaktig	adjective	swe	levende	adjective	nor
livlig	adjective	swe	livleg	adjective	nor
livlig	adjective	swe	livlig	adjective	nor
livlös	adjective	swe	livlaus	adjective	nor
livlös	adjective	swe	livløs	adjective	nor
livsfarlig	adjective	swe	livsfarleg	adjective	nor
livsfarlig	adjective	swe	livsfarlig	adjective	nor
ljudlig	adjective	swe	høg	adjective	nor
ljudlig	adjective	swe	høy	adjective	nor
ljuvlig	adjective	swe	herleg	adjective	nor
ljuvlig	adjective	swe	herlig	adjective	nor
ljuvlig	adjective	swe	ljuv	adjective	nor
ljum	adjective	swe	flø	adjective	nor
ljum	adjective	swe	lunken	adjective	nor
ljus	adjective	swe	ljos	adjective	nor
ljus	adjective	swe	lys	adjective	nor
logisk	adjective	swe	logisk	adjective	nor
lojal	adjective	swe	lojal	adjective	nor
lokal	adjective	swe	lokal	adjective	nor
lovlig	adjective	swe	lovleg	adjective	nor
lovlig	adjective	swe	lovlig	adjective	nor
luthersk	adjective	swe	luthersk	adjective	nor
lycklig	adjective	swe	lykkeleg	adjective	nor
lycklig	adjective	swe	lykkelig	adjective	nor
lydig	adjective	swe	lydig	adjective	nor
läcker	adjective	swe	lekker	adjective	nor
lämplig	adjective	swe	betimeleg	adjective	nor
lämplig	adjective	swe	betimelig	adjective	nor
lämplig	adjective	swe	føremålstenleg	adjective	nor
lämplig	adjective	swe	hensiktsmessig	adjective	nor
lämplig	adjective	swe	passande	adjective	nor
lämplig	adjective	swe	passe	adjective	nor
lämplig	adjective	swe	passende	adjective	nor
lätt	adjective	swe	lett	adjective	nor
låg	adjective	swe	lav	adjective	nor
låg	adjective	swe	låg	adjective	nor
låg	adjective	swe	sid	adjective	nor
lång	adjective	swe	lang	adjective	nor
långtradig	adjective	swe	kjedeleg	adjective	nor
långtradig	adjective	swe	kjedelig	adjective	nor
långtradig	adjective	swe	trasig	adjective	nor
långvarig	adjective	swe	langvarig	adjective	nor
löjlig	adjective	swe	latterleg	adjective	nor
löjlig	adjective	swe	latterlig	adjective	nor
löjlig	adjective	swe	låtteleg	adjective	nor
lömsk	adjective	swe	lur	adjective	nor
lönnlig	adjective	swe	hemmeleg	adjective	nor
lönnlig	adjective	swe	hemmelig	adjective	nor
lönnlig	adjective	swe	løynleg	adjective	nor
lönsam	adjective	swe	lønnsam	adjective	nor
lönsam	adjective	swe	lønnsom	adjective	nor
lönsam	adjective	swe	lønsam	adjective	nor
lös	adjective	swe	laus	adjective	nor
lös	adjective	swe	løs	adjective	nor
maffig	adjective	swe	røsleg	adjective	nor
maffig	adjective	swe	røslig	adjective	nor
mager	adjective	swe	mager	adjective	nor
magisk	adjective	swe	magisk	adjective	nor
mallig	adjective	swe	viktig	adjective	nor
maltesisk	adjective	swe	maltesisk	adjective	nor
mangrann	adjective	swe	fulltalig	adjective	nor
mangrann	adjective	swe	fulltallig	adjective	nor
manlig	adjective	swe	mannleg	adjective	nor
manlig	adjective	swe	mannlig	adjective	nor
manuell	adjective	swe	manuell	adjective	nor
marginell	adjective	swe	marginal	adjective	nor
marig	adjective	swe	lav	adjective	nor
marig	adjective	swe	låg	adjective	nor
marig	adjective	swe	sid	adjective	nor
maritim	adjective	swe	maritim	adjective	nor
markant	adjective	swe	markant	adjective	nor
maskulin	adjective	swe	maskulin	adjective	nor
mastig	adjective	swe	røsleg	adjective	nor
mastig	adjective	swe	røslig	adjective	nor
matematisk	adjective	swe	matematisk	adjective	nor
materiell	adjective	swe	materiell	adjective	nor
maximal	adjective	swe	maksimal	adjective	nor
medicinsk	adjective	swe	medisinsk	adjective	nor
medveten	adjective	swe	bevisst	adjective	nor
medveten	adjective	swe	medveten	adjective	nor
medveten	adjective	swe	medviten	adjective	nor
medvetslös	adjective	swe	bevisstlaus	adjective	nor
medvetslös	adjective	swe	bevisstløs	adjective	nor
medvetslös	adjective	swe	medvitslaus	adjective	nor
mekanisk	adjective	swe	mekanisk	adjective	nor
meningsfull	adjective	swe	meiningsfylt	adjective	nor
meningslös	adjective	swe	meiningslaus	adjective	nor
meningslös	adjective	swe	meiningsløs	adjective	nor
meningslös	adjective	swe	meningslaus	adjective	nor
meningslös	adjective	swe	meningsløs	adjective	nor
menlig	adjective	swe	skadeleg	adjective	nor
menlig	adjective	swe	skadelig	adjective	nor
mental	adjective	swe	mental	adjective	nor
mentalhygienisk	adjective	swe	mentalhygienisk	adjective	nor
metafysisk	adjective	swe	metafysisk	adjective	nor
meteorologisk	adjective	swe	meteorologisk	adjective	nor
mild	adjective	swe	linn	adjective	nor
mild	adjective	swe	ly	adjective	nor
mild	adjective	swe	mild	adjective	nor
militär	adjective	swe	militær	adjective	nor
miljövänlig	adjective	swe	miljøvennleg	adjective	nor
miljövänlig	adjective	swe	miljøvennlig	adjective	nor
minimal	adjective	swe	minimal	adjective	nor
mirakulös	adjective	swe	mirakuløs	adjective	nor
misskötsam	adjective	swe	forsømeleg	adjective	nor
misskötsam	adjective	swe	forsømmeleg	adjective	nor
misskötsam	adjective	swe	forsømmelig	adjective	nor
misslynt	adjective	swe	misfornøyd	adjective	nor
misslynt	adjective	swe	misnøgd	adjective	nor
missnöjd	adjective	swe	misfornøyd	adjective	nor
missnöjd	adjective	swe	misnøgd	adjective	nor
mjuk	adjective	swe	mjuk	adjective	nor
mjuk	adjective	swe	myk	adjective	nor
modern	adjective	swe	moderne	adjective	nor
modig	adjective	swe	modig	adjective	nor
modig	adjective	swe	uredd	adjective	nor
mogen	adjective	swe	moden	adjective	nor
mogen	adjective	swe	satt	adjective	nor
mogen	adjective	swe	sindig	adjective	nor
molekylär	adjective	swe	molekylær	adjective	nor
molnfri	adjective	swe	skyfri	adjective	nor
mongolisk	adjective	swe	mongolsk	adjective	nor
moralisk	adjective	swe	moralsk	adjective	nor
mordisk	adjective	swe	morderisk	adjective	nor
motorisk	adjective	swe	motorisk	adjective	nor
motsvarande	adjective	swe	motsvarande	adjective	nor
motsvarande	adjective	swe	motsvarende	adjective	nor
motvillig	adjective	swe	motvillig	adjective	nor
multen	adjective	swe	morken	adjective	nor
mumsig	adjective	swe	bra	adjective	nor
mumsig	adjective	swe	god	adjective	nor
muntlig	adjective	swe	munnleg	adjective	nor
muntlig	adjective	swe	muntlig	adjective	nor
murken	adjective	swe	morken	adjective	nor
musikalisk	adjective	swe	musikalsk	adjective	nor
muslimsk	adjective	swe	muslimsk	adjective	nor
mycken	adjective	swe	mye	adjective	nor
mycken	adjective	swe	mykje	adjective	nor
myndig	adjective	swe	myndig	adjective	nor
mystisk	adjective	swe	mystisk	adjective	nor
mänsklig	adjective	swe	menneskeleg	adjective	nor
mänsklig	adjective	swe	menneskelig	adjective	nor
märkbar	adjective	swe	merkbar	adjective	nor
märkbar	adjective	swe	påviseleg	adjective	nor
märkvärdig	adjective	swe	merkeleg	adjective	nor
märkvärdig	adjective	swe	merkelig	adjective	nor
märkvärdig	adjective	swe	rar	adjective	nor
märkvärdig	adjective	swe	underleg	adjective	nor
märkvärdig	adjective	swe	underlig	adjective	nor
mätt	adjective	swe	mett	adjective	nor
mången	adjective	swe	mange	adjective	nor
mödosam	adjective	swe	møysommeleg	adjective	nor
mödosam	adjective	swe	møysommelig	adjective	nor
möjlig	adjective	swe	mogeleg	adjective	nor
möjlig	adjective	swe	mogleg	adjective	nor
möjlig	adjective	swe	muleg	adjective	nor
möjlig	adjective	swe	mulig	adjective	nor
mör	adjective	swe	mør	adjective	nor
mörk	adjective	swe	mørk	adjective	nor
naiv	adjective	swe	naiv	adjective	nor
naken	adjective	swe	naken	adjective	nor
narig	adjective	swe	ru	adjective	nor
narkotisk	adjective	swe	narkotisk	adjective	nor
nationell	adjective	swe	nasjonal	adjective	nor
nattlig	adjective	swe	nattleg	adjective	nor
nattlig	adjective	swe	nattlig	adjective	nor
naturlig	adjective	swe	naturleg	adjective	nor
naturlig	adjective	swe	naturlig	adjective	nor
nautisk	adjective	swe	nautisk	adjective	nor
nedgången	adjective	swe	utsliten	adjective	nor
nedgången	adjective	swe	utslitt	adjective	nor
nedre	adjective	swe	nedre	adjective	nor
nedslagen	adjective	swe	nedslegen	adjective	nor
nedslagen	adjective	swe	nedslått	adjective	nor
nedsupen	adjective	swe	forfylla	adjective	nor
nedsupen	adjective	swe	forfyllet	adjective	nor
negativ	adjective	swe	negativ	adjective	nor
nervös	adjective	swe	nervøs	adjective	nor
neutral	adjective	swe	nøytral	adjective	nor
noga	adjective	swe	nøye	adjective	nor
noggrann	adjective	swe	nøyaktig	adjective	nor
nordisk	adjective	swe	nordisk	adjective	nor
nordisk	adjective	swe	norrøn	adjective	nor
normal	adjective	swe	normal	adjective	nor
normal	adjective	swe	vanleg	adjective	nor
normal	adjective	swe	vanlig	adjective	nor
norsk	adjective	swe	norsk	adjective	nor
nuvarande	adjective	swe	noverande	adjective	nor
nuvarande	adjective	swe	nåværende	adjective	nor
ny	adjective	swe	ny	adjective	nor
nybliven	adjective	swe	ny	adjective	nor
nyfiken	adjective	swe	nysgjerrig	adjective	nor
nyfödd	adjective	swe	nyfødd	adjective	nor
nyfödd	adjective	swe	nyfødt	adjective	nor
nygift	adjective	swe	nygift	adjective	nor
nymodig	adjective	swe	nymotens	adjective	nor
nynorsk	adjective	swe	nynorsk	adjective	nor
nyttig	adjective	swe	nyttig	adjective	nor
nämnvärd	adjective	swe	nemneverdig	adjective	nor
nämnvärd	adjective	swe	nevneverdig	adjective	nor
näpen	adjective	swe	nett	adjective	nor
nära	adjective	swe	nær	adjective	nor
närbelägen	adjective	swe	nærliggande	adjective	nor
närbelägen	adjective	swe	nærliggende	adjective	nor
närgången	adjective	swe	nærgåande	adjective	nor
närgången	adjective	swe	nærgående	adjective	nor
nästa	adjective	swe	neste	adjective	nor
nätt	adjective	swe	nett	adjective	nor
nödbedd	adjective	swe	kostbar	adjective	nor
nödvändig	adjective	swe	nødvendig	adjective	nor
nöjd	adjective	swe	tilfreds	adjective	nor
oaktsam	adjective	swe	uaktsam	adjective	nor
oaktsam	adjective	swe	uaktsom	adjective	nor
oansenlig	adjective	swe	uanseleg	adjective	nor
oansenlig	adjective	swe	uanselig	adjective	nor
oansvarig	adjective	swe	uansvarleg	adjective	nor
oansvarig	adjective	swe	uansvarlig	adjective	nor
oanvändbar	adjective	swe	ubrukande	adjective	nor
oanvändbar	adjective	swe	ubrukbar	adjective	nor
oberoende	adjective	swe	uavhengig	adjective	nor
oavhängig	adjective	swe	uavhengig	adjective	nor
obehaglig	adjective	swe	ubehageleg	adjective	nor
obehaglig	adjective	swe	ubehagelig	adjective	nor
obehövlig	adjective	swe	unødvendig	adjective	nor
obehövlig	adjective	swe	unødvendig	adjective	nor
obekant	adjective	swe	ukjend	adjective	nor
obekant	adjective	swe	ukjent	adjective	nor
obekväm	adjective	swe	ubekvem	adjective	nor
obekväm	adjective	swe	ukomfortabel	adjective	nor
obeskrivbar	adjective	swe	ubeskriveleg	adjective	nor
obeskrivbar	adjective	swe	ubeskrivelig	adjective	nor
obeskrivbar	adjective	swe	useieleg	adjective	nor
obillig	adjective	swe	urimeleg	adjective	nor
obillig	adjective	swe	urimelig	adjective	nor
obligatorisk	adjective	swe	obligatorisk	adjective	nor
obrukbar	adjective	swe	ubrukande	adjective	nor
obrukbar	adjective	swe	ubrukbar	adjective	nor
obruklig	adjective	swe	ubrukande	adjective	nor
obruklig	adjective	swe	ubrukbar	adjective	nor
obönhörlig	adjective	swe	ubønnhørlig	adjective	nor
obönhörlig	adjective	swe	ubønnhøyrleg	adjective	nor
odiskutabel	adjective	swe	udiskutabel	adjective	nor
odräglig	adjective	swe	uuthaldeleg	adjective	nor
odräglig	adjective	swe	uutholdelig	adjective	nor
oduglig	adjective	swe	udugeleg	adjective	nor
oduglig	adjective	swe	udugelig	adjective	nor
oense	adjective	swe	ueinig	adjective	nor
oense	adjective	swe	uenig	adjective	nor
oense	adjective	swe	usamd	adjective	nor
ofantlig	adjective	swe	uhyre	adjective	nor
ofattbar	adjective	swe	ufatteleg	adjective	nor
ofattbar	adjective	swe	ufattelig	adjective	nor
ofattlig	adjective	swe	ufatteleg	adjective	nor
ofattlig	adjective	swe	ufattelig	adjective	nor
ofelbar	adjective	swe	ufeilbarleg	adjective	nor
ofelbar	adjective	swe	ufeilbarlig	adjective	nor
offensiv	adjective	swe	offensiv	adjective	nor
offentlig	adjective	swe	offentleg	adjective	nor
offentlig	adjective	swe	offentlig	adjective	nor
officiell	adjective	swe	offisiell	adjective	nor
ofin	adjective	swe	ufin	adjective	nor
ofri	adjective	swe	ufri	adjective	nor
ofrivillig	adjective	swe	ufrivillig	adjective	nor
ofruktbar	adjective	swe	gjeld	adjective	nor
ofruktsam	adjective	swe	gjeld	adjective	nor
oförneklig	adjective	swe	unekteleg	adjective	nor
oförneklig	adjective	swe	unektelig	adjective	nor
oförställd	adjective	swe	oppriktig	adjective	nor
oförståelig	adjective	swe	uforståeleg	adjective	nor
oförståelig	adjective	swe	uforståelig	adjective	nor
oförtydbar	adjective	swe	umiskjenneleg	adjective	nor
oförtydbar	adjective	swe	umiskjennelig	adjective	nor
oförvitlig	adjective	swe	hederlig	adjective	nor
oförvitlig	adjective	swe	heiderleg	adjective	nor
ogift	adjective	swe	ugift	adjective	nor
ogiltig	adjective	swe	ugyldig	adjective	nor
ogin	adjective	swe	uvillig	adjective	nor
ogynnsam	adjective	swe	ugunstig	adjective	nor
ogästvänlig	adjective	swe	ugjestfri	adjective	nor
ohederlig	adjective	swe	uhederlig	adjective	nor
ohederlig	adjective	swe	uheiderleg	adjective	nor
ohygglig	adjective	swe	uhyggeleg	adjective	nor
ohygglig	adjective	swe	uhyggelig	adjective	nor
ohälsosam	adjective	swe	usunn	adjective	nor
oigenkännlig	adjective	swe	ugjenkjenneleg	adjective	nor
oigenkännlig	adjective	swe	ugjenkjennelig	adjective	nor
oklanderlig	adjective	swe	upåklageleg	adjective	nor
oklanderlig	adjective	swe	upåklagelig	adjective	nor
oklar	adjective	swe	uklar	adjective	nor
okontant	adjective	swe	ueinig	adjective	nor
okontant	adjective	swe	uenig	adjective	nor
okontant	adjective	swe	usamd	adjective	nor
okonventionell	adjective	swe	ukonvensjonell	adjective	nor
olaglig	adjective	swe	ulovleg	adjective	nor
olaglig	adjective	swe	ulovlig	adjective	nor
olik	adjective	swe	forskjellig	adjective	nor
olik	adjective	swe	ulik	adjective	nor
olik	adjective	swe	ymis	adjective	nor
olik	adjective	swe	ymse	adjective	nor
olovlig	adjective	swe	ulovleg	adjective	nor
olovlig	adjective	swe	ulovlig	adjective	nor
olustig	adjective	swe	misfornøyd	adjective	nor
olustig	adjective	swe	misnøgd	adjective	nor
olycklig	adjective	swe	uheldig	adjective	nor
olycklig	adjective	swe	ulykkeleg	adjective	nor
olycklig	adjective	swe	ulykkelig	adjective	nor
olympisk	adjective	swe	olympisk	adjective	nor
oläslig	adjective	swe	uleseleg	adjective	nor
oläslig	adjective	swe	uleselig	adjective	nor
omedelbar	adjective	swe	umiddelbar	adjective	nor
omfattande	adjective	swe	omfattande	adjective	nor
omfattande	adjective	swe	omfattende	adjective	nor
omisskännlig	adjective	swe	umiskjenneleg	adjective	nor
omisskännlig	adjective	swe	umiskjennelig	adjective	nor
omistlig	adjective	swe	umissande	adjective	nor
omistlig	adjective	swe	umisteleg	adjective	nor
omistlig	adjective	swe	umistelig	adjective	nor
omständlig	adjective	swe	omstendeleg	adjective	nor
omständlig	adjective	swe	omstendelig	adjective	nor
omtänksam	adjective	swe	omtenksam	adjective	nor
omtänksam	adjective	swe	omtenksom	adjective	nor
omöjlig	adjective	swe	umogeleg	adjective	nor
omöjlig	adjective	swe	umogleg	adjective	nor
omöjlig	adjective	swe	umuleg	adjective	nor
omöjlig	adjective	swe	umulig	adjective	nor
onaturlig	adjective	swe	unaturleg	adjective	nor
onaturlig	adjective	swe	unaturlig	adjective	nor
ond	adjective	swe	ond	adjective	nor
ond	adjective	swe	vond	adjective	nor
ondsint	adjective	swe	ondsinna	adjective	nor
ondsint	adjective	swe	ondsinnet	adjective	nor
onormal	adjective	swe	unormal	adjective	nor
onyttig	adjective	swe	fåfengd	adjective	nor
onyttig	adjective	swe	fåfengt	adjective	nor
onödig	adjective	swe	unødvendig	adjective	nor
onödig	adjective	swe	unødvendig	adjective	nor
oombedd	adjective	swe	ubeden	adjective	nor
oombedd	adjective	swe	ubedt	adjective	nor
oombedd	adjective	swe	uboden	adjective	nor
operativ	adjective	swe	operativ	adjective	nor
optimistisk	adjective	swe	optimistisk	adjective	nor
optisk	adjective	swe	optisk	adjective	nor
orange	adjective	swe	oransje	adjective	nor
ordentlig	adjective	swe	innmari	adjective	nor
ordentlig	adjective	swe	ordentleg	adjective	nor
ordentlig	adjective	swe	ordentlig	adjective	nor
ordinär	adjective	swe	ordinær	adjective	nor
oredig	adjective	swe	uklar	adjective	nor
oregelbunden	adjective	swe	uregelmessig	adjective	nor
oresonlig	adjective	swe	urimeleg	adjective	nor
oresonlig	adjective	swe	urimelig	adjective	nor
organisatorisk	adjective	swe	organisatorisk	adjective	nor
organisk	adjective	swe	organisk	adjective	nor
organisk	adjective	swe	økologisk	adjective	nor
originell	adjective	swe	original	adjective	nor
oriktig	adjective	swe	uriktig	adjective	nor
orimlig	adjective	swe	urettferdig	adjective	nor
orimlig	adjective	swe	urimeleg	adjective	nor
orimlig	adjective	swe	urimelig	adjective	nor
orolig	adjective	swe	uroleg	adjective	nor
orolig	adjective	swe	urolig	adjective	nor
oräknelig	adjective	swe	utald	adjective	nor
oräknelig	adjective	swe	utallig	adjective	nor
orättfärdig	adjective	swe	urettferdig	adjective	nor
orörd	adjective	swe	urørd	adjective	nor
orörd	adjective	swe	urørt	adjective	nor
osaklig	adjective	swe	usakleg	adjective	nor
osaklig	adjective	swe	usaklig	adjective	nor
osann	adjective	swe	usann	adjective	nor
osannolik	adjective	swe	usannsynleg	adjective	nor
osannolik	adjective	swe	usannsynlig	adjective	nor
oskadd	adjective	swe	uskadd	adjective	nor
oskadd	adjective	swe	velberga	adjective	nor
oskadd	adjective	swe	velberget	adjective	nor
oskyldig	adjective	swe	uskyldig	adjective	nor
osolidarisk	adjective	swe	usolidarisk	adjective	nor
osund	adjective	swe	usunn	adjective	nor
osäker	adjective	swe	usikker	adjective	nor
otacksam	adjective	swe	utakknemleg	adjective	nor
otacksam	adjective	swe	utakknemlig	adjective	nor
otillbörlig	adjective	swe	utilbørleg	adjective	nor
otillbörlig	adjective	swe	utilbørlig	adjective	nor
otillräcklig	adjective	swe	utilstrekkeleg	adjective	nor
otillräcklig	adjective	swe	utilstrekkelig	adjective	nor
otjänlig	adjective	swe	uegnet	adjective	nor
otjänlig	adjective	swe	ueigna	adjective	nor
otrevlig	adjective	swe	ubehageleg	adjective	nor
otrevlig	adjective	swe	ubehagelig	adjective	nor
otrogen	adjective	swe	utro	adjective	nor
otrogen	adjective	swe	utru	adjective	nor
otrolig	adjective	swe	utrolig	adjective	nor
otrolig	adjective	swe	utruleg	adjective	nor
otrolig	adjective	swe	utrulig	adjective	nor
otröttlig	adjective	swe	utrettelig	adjective	nor
otröttlig	adjective	swe	utrøytteleg	adjective	nor
oturlig	adjective	swe	uheldig	adjective	nor
otvivelaktig	adjective	swe	utvilsam	adjective	nor
otvivelaktig	adjective	swe	utvilsom	adjective	nor
otålig	adjective	swe	utålmodig	adjective	nor
outsäglig	adjective	swe	useieleg	adjective	nor
outsäglig	adjective	swe	usigelig	adjective	nor
ovanlig	adjective	swe	usedvanleg	adjective	nor
ovanlig	adjective	swe	usedvanlig	adjective	nor
ovanlig	adjective	swe	uvanleg	adjective	nor
ovanlig	adjective	swe	uvanlig	adjective	nor
ovannämnd	adjective	swe	ovannemnd	adjective	nor
ovannämnd	adjective	swe	ovennevnt	adjective	nor
ovillig	adjective	swe	uvillig	adjective	nor
oviss	adjective	swe	uviss	adjective	nor
ovärdig	adjective	swe	uverdig	adjective	nor
oändlig	adjective	swe	uendeleg	adjective	nor
oändlig	adjective	swe	uendelig	adjective	nor
pampig	adjective	swe	flott	adjective	nor
paradoxal	adjective	swe	paradoksal	adjective	nor
parant	adjective	swe	flott	adjective	nor
parlamentarisk	adjective	swe	parlamentarisk	adjective	nor
passiv	adjective	swe	passiv	adjective	nor
passlig	adjective	swe	betimeleg	adjective	nor
passlig	adjective	swe	betimelig	adjective	nor
passlig	adjective	swe	passande	adjective	nor
passlig	adjective	swe	passe	adjective	nor
passlig	adjective	swe	passende	adjective	nor
pedagogisk	adjective	swe	pedagogisk	adjective	nor
perfekt	adjective	swe	perfekt	adjective	nor
periodisk	adjective	swe	periodisk	adjective	nor
permanent	adjective	swe	permanent	adjective	nor
personlig	adjective	swe	personell	adjective	nor
personlig	adjective	swe	personleg	adjective	nor
personlig	adjective	swe	personlig	adjective	nor
pessimistisk	adjective	swe	pessimistisk	adjective	nor
pimpinett	adjective	swe	nett	adjective	nor
pinlig	adjective	swe	pinleg	adjective	nor
pinlig	adjective	swe	pinlig	adjective	nor
plan	adjective	swe	plan	adjective	nor
platt	adjective	swe	platt	adjective	nor
plockig	adjective	swe	rusket	adjective	nor
plötslig	adjective	swe	plutseleg	adjective	nor
plötslig	adjective	swe	plutselig	adjective	nor
poetisk	adjective	swe	poetisk	adjective	nor
politisk	adjective	swe	politisk	adjective	nor
polsk	adjective	swe	polsk	adjective	nor
poppig	adjective	swe	populær	adjective	nor
populär	adjective	swe	populær	adjective	nor
pornografisk	adjective	swe	pornografisk	adjective	nor
portofri	adjective	swe	portofri	adjective	nor
portugisisk	adjective	swe	portugisisk	adjective	nor
positiv	adjective	swe	positiv	adjective	nor
potentiell	adjective	swe	potensiell	adjective	nor
pragmatisk	adjective	swe	pragmatisk	adjective	nor
praktisk	adjective	swe	praktisk	adjective	nor
preventiv	adjective	swe	preventiv	adjective	nor
pricksäker	adjective	swe	treffsikker	adjective	nor
primär	adjective	swe	primær	adjective	nor
privat	adjective	swe	privat	adjective	nor
problematisk	adjective	swe	problematisk	adjective	nor
problemfri	adjective	swe	problemfri	adjective	nor
produktiv	adjective	swe	produktiv	adjective	nor
professionell	adjective	swe	profesjonell	adjective	nor
proffsig	adjective	swe	profesjonell	adjective	nor
protestantisk	adjective	swe	protestantisk	adjective	nor
provisorisk	adjective	swe	foreløpig	adjective	nor
provisorisk	adjective	swe	førebels	adjective	nor
provisorisk	adjective	swe	provisorisk	adjective	nor
prydlig	adjective	swe	nydeleg	adjective	nor
prydlig	adjective	swe	nydelig	adjective	nor
psykiatrisk	adjective	swe	psykiatrisk	adjective	nor
psykisk	adjective	swe	mental	adjective	nor
psykisk	adjective	swe	psykisk	adjective	nor
psykologisk	adjective	swe	psykologisk	adjective	nor
putt	adjective	swe	fornærma	adjective	nor
putt	adjective	swe	fornærmet	adjective	nor
påfallande	adjective	swe	påfallande	adjective	nor
påfallande	adjective	swe	påfallende	adjective	nor
påpasslig	adjective	swe	påpasseleg	adjective	nor
påpasslig	adjective	swe	påpasselig	adjective	nor
rabiat	adjective	swe	rabiat	adjective	nor
radikal	adjective	swe	radikal	adjective	nor
radioaktiv	adjective	swe	radioaktiv	adjective	nor
rak	adjective	swe	rak	adjective	nor
rak	adjective	swe	rett	adjective	nor
rank	adjective	swe	høgreist	adjective	nor
rank	adjective	swe	høyreist	adjective	nor
rask	adjective	swe	rask	adjective	nor
raspig	adjective	swe	ru	adjective	nor
rastlös	adjective	swe	rastlaus	adjective	nor
rastlös	adjective	swe	rastløs	adjective	nor
real	adjective	swe	real	adjective	nor
realistisk	adjective	swe	realistisk	adjective	nor
rebellisk	adjective	swe	rebelsk	adjective	nor
receptfri	adjective	swe	reseptfri	adjective	nor
reell	adjective	swe	reell	adjective	nor
reell	adjective	swe	verkeleg	adjective	nor
reell	adjective	swe	virkelig	adjective	nor
regelmässig	adjective	swe	regelmessig	adjective	nor
regelrätt	adjective	swe	regelrett	adjective	nor
regional	adjective	swe	regional	adjective	nor
regntung	adjective	swe	regntung	adjective	nor
reguljär	adjective	swe	regulær	adjective	nor
rejäl	adjective	swe	påliteleg	adjective	nor
rejäl	adjective	swe	pålitelig	adjective	nor
relativ	adjective	swe	relativ	adjective	nor
relevant	adjective	swe	relevant	adjective	nor
religiös	adjective	swe	religiøs	adjective	nor
ren	adjective	swe	rein	adjective	nor
ren	adjective	swe	ren	adjective	nor
renhårig	adjective	swe	rettferdig	adjective	nor
representativ	adjective	swe	representativ	adjective	nor
reslig	adjective	swe	høg	adjective	nor
reslig	adjective	swe	høy	adjective	nor
resolut	adjective	swe	resolutt	adjective	nor
respektabel	adjective	swe	respektabel	adjective	nor
restriktiv	adjective	swe	restriktiv	adjective	nor
rigorös	adjective	swe	rigorøs	adjective	nor
rik	adjective	swe	rik	adjective	nor
riktig	adjective	swe	riktig	adjective	nor
riktig	adjective	swe	veldig	adjective	nor
riktiger	adjective	swe	riktig	adjective	nor
rimlig	adjective	swe	rettferdig	adjective	nor
rimlig	adjective	swe	rimeleg	adjective	nor
rimlig	adjective	swe	rimelig	adjective	nor
rimlig	adjective	swe	venteleg	adjective	nor
rimlig	adjective	swe	ventelig	adjective	nor
riskabel	adjective	swe	risikabel	adjective	nor
riskvillig	adjective	swe	risikovillig	adjective	nor
rivig	adjective	swe	fort	adjective	nor
rivig	adjective	swe	hurtig	adjective	nor
rivig	adjective	swe	kjapp	adjective	nor
rofylld	adjective	swe	roleg	adjective	nor
rofylld	adjective	swe	rolig	adjective	nor
rolig	adjective	swe	artig	adjective	nor
rolig	adjective	swe	gøy	adjective	nor
rolig	adjective	swe	kul	adjective	nor
rolig	adjective	swe	morosam	adjective	nor
rolig	adjective	swe	morsom	adjective	nor
rolig	adjective	swe	roleg	adjective	nor
romantisk	adjective	swe	romantisk	adjective	nor
romersk	adjective	swe	romersk	adjective	nor
rostig	adjective	swe	rusten	adjective	nor
rultig	adjective	swe	klosset	adjective	nor
rultig	adjective	swe	tomsete	adjective	nor
rumänsk	adjective	swe	rumensk	adjective	nor
rund	adjective	swe	rund	adjective	nor
rundlig	adjective	swe	betydeleg	adjective	nor
rundlig	adjective	swe	betydelig	adjective	nor
rundlig	adjective	swe	påtagelig	adjective	nor
rundlig	adjective	swe	påtakeleg	adjective	nor
rundlig	adjective	swe	påtakelig	adjective	nor
ruschig	adjective	swe	fort	adjective	nor
ruschig	adjective	swe	hurtig	adjective	nor
ruschig	adjective	swe	kjapp	adjective	nor
rusig	adjective	swe	full	adjective	nor
rusig	adjective	swe	rusa	adjective	nor
rusig	adjective	swe	ruset	adjective	nor
rutten	adjective	swe	morken	adjective	nor
rwandisk	adjective	swe	rwandisk	adjective	nor
rysk	adjective	swe	russisk	adjective	nor
rytmisk	adjective	swe	rytmisk	adjective	nor
rädd	adjective	swe	redd	adjective	nor
rät	adjective	swe	bein	adjective	nor
rät	adjective	swe	ben	adjective	nor
rät	adjective	swe	rak	adjective	nor
rät	adjective	swe	rett	adjective	nor
rätt	adjective	swe	ganske	adjective	nor
rätt	adjective	swe	ordentleg	adjective	nor
rätt	adjective	swe	ordentlig	adjective	nor
rätt	adjective	swe	rett	adjective	nor
rätt	adjective	swe	riktig	adjective	nor
rätt	adjective	swe	skikkeleg	adjective	nor
rätt	adjective	swe	skikkelig	adjective	nor
rätt	adjective	swe	veldig	adjective	nor
rättfärdig	adjective	swe	rettferdig	adjective	nor
rättmätig	adjective	swe	rettmessig	adjective	nor
rättsenlig	adjective	swe	rettmessig	adjective	nor
rättvis	adjective	swe	rettferdig	adjective	nor
rå	adjective	swe	rå	adjective	nor
rådande	adjective	swe	rådande	adjective	nor
rådande	adjective	swe	rådende	adjective	nor
råddig	adjective	swe	uklar	adjective	nor
rådig	adjective	swe	snarrådig	adjective	nor
rådlös	adjective	swe	rådlaus	adjective	nor
rådlös	adjective	swe	rådløs	adjective	nor
råkall	adjective	swe	råkald	adjective	nor
råkall	adjective	swe	uggen	adjective	nor
röd	adjective	swe	raud	adjective	nor
röd	adjective	swe	rød	adjective	nor
sakkunnig	adjective	swe	sakkyndig	adjective	nor
saklig	adjective	swe	sakleg	adjective	nor
saklig	adjective	swe	saklig	adjective	nor
salt	adjective	swe	salt	adjective	nor
samfälld	adjective	swe	felles	adjective	nor
samhällelig	adjective	swe	sosial	adjective	nor
samisk	adjective	swe	samisk	adjective	nor
sammanlagd	adjective	swe	samanlagt	adjective	nor
sammanlagd	adjective	swe	sammenlagt	adjective	nor
sammansatt	adjective	swe	samansett	adjective	nor
sammansatt	adjective	swe	sammensatt	adjective	nor
sammantagen	adjective	swe	samanlagt	adjective	nor
sammantagen	adjective	swe	sammenlagt	adjective	nor
undantagen	adjective	swe	unnateken	adjective	nor
undantagen	adjective	swe	unntatt	adjective	nor
samtidig	adjective	swe	samtidig	adjective	nor
sandig	adjective	swe	sandete	adjective	nor
sann	adjective	swe	sann	adjective	nor
sannolik	adjective	swe	sannsynleg	adjective	nor
sannolik	adjective	swe	sannsynlig	adjective	nor
sanslös	adjective	swe	bevisstlaus	adjective	nor
sanslös	adjective	swe	bevisstløs	adjective	nor
sanslös	adjective	swe	medvitslaus	adjective	nor
schvungfull	adjective	swe	flott	adjective	nor
schweizisk	adjective	swe	sveitsisk	adjective	nor
schyst	adjective	swe	utmerka	adjective	nor
schyst	adjective	swe	utmerket	adjective	nor
sedig	adjective	swe	roleg	adjective	nor
sedig	adjective	swe	rolig	adjective	nor
seg	adjective	swe	kul	adjective	nor
sen	adjective	swe	sein	adjective	nor
sen	adjective	swe	sen	adjective	nor
senil	adjective	swe	senil	adjective	nor
senior	adjective	swe	senior	adjective	nor
sensorisk	adjective	swe	sensorisk	adjective	nor
separat	adjective	swe	separat	adjective	nor
serbisk	adjective	swe	serbisk	adjective	nor
seriös	adjective	swe	seriøs	adjective	nor
sevärd	adjective	swe	severdig	adjective	nor
sevärd	adjective	swe	sjåverdig	adjective	nor
sexuell	adjective	swe	seksuell	adjective	nor
siamesisk	adjective	swe	siamesisk	adjective	nor
sista	adjective	swe	sist	adjective	nor
sjuk	adjective	swe	sjuk	adjective	nor
sjuk	adjective	swe	syk	adjective	nor
sjuklig	adjective	swe	sjukeleg	adjective	nor
sjuklig	adjective	swe	sykelig	adjective	nor
sjyst	adjective	swe	bra	adjective	nor
sjyst	adjective	swe	god	adjective	nor
självbelåten	adjective	swe	sjølgod	adjective	nor
självbelåten	adjective	swe	sjølvgod	adjective	nor
självfallen	adjective	swe	selvfølgelig	adjective	nor
självfallen	adjective	swe	sjølvsagd	adjective	nor
självhärlig	adjective	swe	selvgod	adjective	nor
självhärlig	adjective	swe	sjølvgod	adjective	nor
självklar	adjective	swe	selvfølgelig	adjective	nor
självklar	adjective	swe	sjølvsagd	adjective	nor
självmedveten	adjective	swe	sjølgod	adjective	nor
självmedveten	adjective	swe	sjølvgod	adjective	nor
självständig	adjective	swe	selvstendig	adjective	nor
självständig	adjective	swe	sjølvstendig	adjective	nor
självständig	adjective	swe	uavhengig	adjective	nor
skandinavisk	adjective	swe	skandinavisk	adjective	nor
skapande	adjective	swe	skapande	adjective	nor
skapande	adjective	swe	skapende	adjective	nor
skarp	adjective	swe	skarp	adjective	nor
skarp	adjective	swe	skarp	adjective	nor
skarp	adjective	swe	skarpskodd	adjective	nor
skarp	adjective	swe	skarpskodd	adjective	nor
skattefri	adjective	swe	skattefri	adjective	nor
skattefri	adjective	swe	skattfri	adjective	nor
skattskyldig	adjective	swe	skattepliktig	adjective	nor
skendöd	adjective	swe	skindaud	adjective	nor
skendöd	adjective	swe	skindød	adjective	nor
skendöd	adjective	swe	skinndød	adjective	nor
skeptisk	adjective	swe	skeptisk	adjective	nor
skickelsediger	adjective	swe	skjebnesvanger	adjective	nor
skiftande	adjective	swe	skiftande	adjective	nor
skiftande	adjective	swe	skiftende	adjective	nor
skiljaktig	adjective	swe	forskjellig	adjective	nor
skiljaktig	adjective	swe	ulik	adjective	nor
skiljaktig	adjective	swe	ymis	adjective	nor
skiljaktig	adjective	swe	ymse	adjective	nor
skotsk	adjective	swe	skotsk	adjective	nor
skrabbig	adjective	swe	dårleg	adjective	nor
skrabbig	adjective	swe	dårlig	adjective	nor
skrabbig	adjective	swe	vond	adjective	nor
skral	adjective	swe	dårleg	adjective	nor
skral	adjective	swe	dårlig	adjective	nor
skral	adjective	swe	vond	adjective	nor
skriftlig	adjective	swe	skriftleg	adjective	nor
skriftlig	adjective	swe	skriftlig	adjective	nor
skrovlig	adjective	swe	ru	adjective	nor
skygg	adjective	swe	sky	adjective	nor
skyhög	adjective	swe	skyhøg	adjective	nor
skyhög	adjective	swe	skyhøy	adjective	nor
skyldig	adjective	swe	forpliktet	adjective	nor
skyldig	adjective	swe	skyldig	adjective	nor
skäggig	adjective	swe	skjeggete	adjective	nor
skälig	adjective	swe	rimeleg	adjective	nor
skälig	adjective	swe	rimelig	adjective	nor
skälig	adjective	swe	venteleg	adjective	nor
skälig	adjective	swe	ventelig	adjective	nor
skön	adjective	swe	skjønn	adjective	nor
slank	adjective	swe	mjå	adjective	nor
slank	adjective	swe	slank	adjective	nor
slem	adjective	swe	slem	adjective	nor
slirig	adjective	swe	glatt	adjective	nor
sliskig	adjective	swe	emmen	adjective	nor
sliskig	adjective	swe	vammel	adjective	nor
sliten	adjective	swe	sliten	adjective	nor
slitsam	adjective	swe	slitsam	adjective	nor
slitsam	adjective	swe	slitsom	adjective	nor
slovakisk	adjective	swe	slovakisk	adjective	nor
slovensk	adjective	swe	slovensk	adjective	nor
slutlig	adjective	swe	endeleg	adjective	nor
slutlig	adjective	swe	endelig	adjective	nor
slät	adjective	swe	glatt	adjective	nor
slät	adjective	swe	jamn	adjective	nor
slät	adjective	swe	jevn	adjective	nor
smakfull	adjective	swe	smakeleg	adjective	nor
smakfull	adjective	swe	smakelig	adjective	nor
smal	adjective	swe	smal	adjective	nor
smarrig	adjective	swe	bra	adjective	nor
smarrig	adjective	swe	god	adjective	nor
smart	adjective	swe	smart	adjective	nor
smul	adjective	swe	smul	adjective	nor
smutsig	adjective	swe	skitten	adjective	nor
smärt	adjective	swe	mjå	adjective	nor
smärt	adjective	swe	slank	adjective	nor
smärtfri	adjective	swe	smertefri	adjective	nor
snabb	adjective	swe	fort	adjective	nor
snabb	adjective	swe	hurtig	adjective	nor
snabb	adjective	swe	kjapp	adjective	nor
snabb	adjective	swe	rask	adjective	nor
snar	adjective	swe	snar	adjective	nor
snarlig	adjective	swe	snarleg	adjective	nor
snarlig	adjective	swe	snarlig	adjective	nor
sned	adjective	swe	vind	adjective	nor
snipig	adjective	swe	spiss	adjective	nor
snygg	adjective	swe	pen	adjective	nor
snygg	adjective	swe	ven	adjective	nor
snäll	adjective	swe	glatt	adjective	nor
snäv	adjective	swe	eng	adjective	nor
snäv	adjective	swe	snever	adjective	nor
snötäckt	adjective	swe	snødekt	adjective	nor
social	adjective	swe	sosial	adjective	nor
socialistisk	adjective	swe	sosialistisk	adjective	nor
sociologisk	adjective	swe	sosiologisk	adjective	nor
solid	adjective	swe	solid	adjective	nor
solidarisk	adjective	swe	solidarisk	adjective	nor
sorglig	adjective	swe	sørgelig	adjective	nor
sorglig	adjective	swe	sørgeleg	adjective	nor
sorglös	adjective	swe	sorgfri	adjective	nor
sorgsen	adjective	swe	stur	adjective	nor
sorgsen	adjective	swe	sørgmodig	adjective	nor
sorgsen	adjective	swe	trist	adjective	nor
sovjetisk	adjective	swe	sovjetisk	adjective	nor
spansk	adjective	swe	spansk	adjective	nor
speciell	adjective	swe	spesiell	adjective	nor
spektakulär	adjective	swe	spektakulær	adjective	nor
spenslig	adjective	swe	spinkel	adjective	nor
spetig	adjective	swe	lang	adjective	nor
spetsig	adjective	swe	spiss	adjective	nor
spontan	adjective	swe	spontan	adjective	nor
sporadisk	adjective	swe	sporadisk	adjective	nor
sportslig	adjective	swe	sportsleg	adjective	nor
sportslig	adjective	swe	sportslig	adjective	nor
spyfärdig	adjective	swe	dårleg	adjective	nor
spyfärdig	adjective	swe	dårlig	adjective	nor
spyfärdig	adjective	swe	vond	adjective	nor
späd	adjective	swe	liten	adjective	nor
spänd	adjective	swe	spent	adjective	nor
spänstig	adjective	swe	spenstig	adjective	nor
stabil	adjective	swe	stabil	adjective	nor
stadig	adjective	swe	fast	adjective	nor
stadig	adjective	swe	stødig	adjective	nor
stark	adjective	swe	sterk	adjective	nor
statistisk	adjective	swe	statistisk	adjective	nor
statlig	adjective	swe	statleg	adjective	nor
statlig	adjective	swe	statlig	adjective	nor
stenhård	adjective	swe	steinhard	adjective	nor
stenhård	adjective	swe	steintøff	adjective	nor
stenig	adjective	swe	steinete	adjective	nor
stilig	adjective	swe	stilig	adjective	nor
stilig	adjective	swe	stilig	adjective	nor
stollig	adjective	swe	fåvitig	adjective	nor
stollig	adjective	swe	tåpeleg	adjective	nor
stollig	adjective	swe	tåpelig	adjective	nor
stolt	adjective	swe	stolt	adjective	nor
stor	adjective	swe	stor	adjective	nor
stor	adjective	swe	svær	adjective	nor
storsint	adjective	swe	raus	adjective	nor
storvuxen	adjective	swe	storvaksen	adjective	nor
storvuxen	adjective	swe	storvokst	adjective	nor
straffri	adjective	swe	straff-fri	adjective	nor
straffri	adjective	swe	straffri	adjective	nor
strategisk	adjective	swe	strategisk	adjective	nor
stressig	adjective	swe	travel	adjective	nor
strid	adjective	swe	stri	adjective	nor
strid	adjective	swe	strid	adjective	nor
stroppig	adjective	swe	overlegen	adjective	nor
sträv	adjective	swe	ru	adjective	nor
strålande	adjective	swe	strålande	adjective	nor
strålande	adjective	swe	strålende	adjective	nor
stum	adjective	swe	stum	adjective	nor
stygg	adjective	swe	stygg	adjective	nor
styv	adjective	swe	stiv	adjective	nor
ständig	adjective	swe	stadig	adjective	nor
stökig	adjective	swe	rusket	adjective	nor
summarisk	adjective	swe	grunn	adjective	nor
summarisk	adjective	swe	summarisk	adjective	nor
sund	adjective	swe	sund	adjective	nor
sund	adjective	swe	sunn	adjective	nor
sunkig	adjective	swe	nedsliten	adjective	nor
sunkig	adjective	swe	nedslitt	adjective	nor
sur	adjective	swe	sint	adjective	nor
sur	adjective	swe	sur	adjective	nor
suverän	adjective	swe	suveren	adjective	nor
svag	adjective	swe	svak	adjective	nor
svag	adjective	swe	veik	adjective	nor
svag	adjective	swe	vek	adjective	nor
sval	adjective	swe	kjølig	adjective	nor
sval	adjective	swe	sval	adjective	nor
svart	adjective	swe	svart	adjective	nor
svart	adjective	swe	sort	adjective	nor
svensk	adjective	swe	svensk	adjective	nor
svår	adjective	swe	vanskeleg	adjective	nor
svår	adjective	swe	vanskelig	adjective	nor
symbolisk	adjective	swe	symbolsk	adjective	nor
sympatisk	adjective	swe	sympatisk	adjective	nor
symptomatisk	adjective	swe	symptomatisk	adjective	nor
symtomatisk	adjective	swe	symptomatisk	adjective	nor
synlig	adjective	swe	synleg	adjective	nor
synlig	adjective	swe	synlig	adjective	nor
syntaktisk	adjective	swe	syntaktisk	adjective	nor
systematisk	adjective	swe	systematisk	adjective	nor
sägenomspunnen	adjective	swe	sagnomsust	adjective	nor
säker	adjective	swe	antagelig	adjective	nor
säker	adjective	swe	antakeleg	adjective	nor
säker	adjective	swe	sikker	adjective	nor
sällsynt	adjective	swe	sjeldan	adjective	nor
sällsynt	adjective	swe	sjelden	adjective	nor
särskild	adjective	swe	særskild	adjective	nor
särskild	adjective	swe	særskilt	adjective	nor
sävlig	adjective	swe	sindig	adjective	nor
sårbar	adjective	swe	sårbar	adjective	nor
såt	adjective	swe	intim	adjective	nor
söt	adjective	swe	søt	adjective	nor
söt	adjective	swe	verdifull	adjective	nor
tacksam	adjective	swe	takknemleg	adjective	nor
tacksam	adjective	swe	takknemlig	adjective	nor
tafflig	adjective	swe	dårleg	adjective	nor
tafflig	adjective	swe	dårlig	adjective	nor
tafflig	adjective	swe	vond	adjective	nor
taktisk	adjective	swe	taktisk	adjective	nor
tallös	adjective	swe	utald	adjective	nor
tallös	adjective	swe	utallig	adjective	nor
tapper	adjective	swe	tapper	adjective	nor
teatralisk	adjective	swe	teatralsk	adjective	nor
teknisk	adjective	swe	teknisk	adjective	nor
teknologisk	adjective	swe	teknologisk	adjective	nor
teleteknisk	adjective	swe	teleteknisk	adjective	nor
teoretisk	adjective	swe	teoretisk	adjective	nor
terminal	adjective	swe	terminal	adjective	nor
terminologisk	adjective	swe	terminologisk	adjective	nor
termisk	adjective	swe	termisk	adjective	nor
thailändsk	adjective	swe	thailandsk	adjective	nor
tidig	adjective	swe	tidleg	adjective	nor
tidig	adjective	swe	tidlig	adjective	nor
tidlig	adjective	swe	tidleg	adjective	nor
tidlig	adjective	swe	tidlig	adjective	nor
tillfredsställande	adjective	swe	tilfredsstillande	adjective	nor
tillfredsställande	adjective	swe	tilfredsstillende	adjective	nor
tillfällig	adjective	swe	tilfeldig	adjective	nor
tillfällig	adjective	swe	tilfelleleg	adjective	nor
tillgjord	adjective	swe	unaturleg	adjective	nor
tillgjord	adjective	swe	unaturlig	adjective	nor
tillgänglig	adjective	swe	tilgjengeleg	adjective	nor
tillgänglig	adjective	swe	tilgjengelig	adjective	nor
tillräcklig	adjective	swe	tilstrekkeleg	adjective	nor
tillräcklig	adjective	swe	tilstrekkelig	adjective	nor
timslång	adjective	swe	timelang	adjective	nor
tjatig	adjective	swe	plagsam	adjective	nor
tjatig	adjective	swe	plagsom	adjective	nor
tjock	adjective	swe	bred	adjective	nor
tjock	adjective	swe	brei	adjective	nor
tjock	adjective	swe	tjukk	adjective	nor
tjock	adjective	swe	tykk	adjective	nor
tjusig	adjective	swe	flott	adjective	nor
tjuvtjock	adjective	swe	elendig	adjective	nor
tjänlig	adjective	swe	betimeleg	adjective	nor
tjänlig	adjective	swe	betimelig	adjective	nor
tjänlig	adjective	swe	passande	adjective	nor
tjänlig	adjective	swe	passe	adjective	nor
tjänlig	adjective	swe	passende	adjective	nor
tjänstaktig	adjective	swe	tenestevillig	adjective	nor
tjänstaktig	adjective	swe	tjenstvillig	adjective	nor
tjänstvillig	adjective	swe	tenestevillig	adjective	nor
tjänstvillig	adjective	swe	tjenstvillig	adjective	nor
tolerant	adjective	swe	tolerant	adjective	nor
tom	adjective	swe	tom	adjective	nor
toppig	adjective	swe	spiss	adjective	nor
torr	adjective	swe	tørr	adjective	nor
total	adjective	swe	total	adjective	nor
tradig	adjective	swe	kjedeleg	adjective	nor
tradig	adjective	swe	kjedelig	adjective	nor
tradig	adjective	swe	trasig	adjective	nor
traditionell	adjective	swe	tradisjonell	adjective	nor
tragisk	adjective	swe	tragisk	adjective	nor
transportabel	adjective	swe	transportabel	adjective	nor
trasslig	adjective	swe	innfløkt	adjective	nor
traumatisk	adjective	swe	traumatisk	adjective	nor
trendig	adjective	swe	trendy	adjective	nor
trevlig	adjective	swe	triveleg	adjective	nor
trevlig	adjective	swe	trivelig	adjective	nor
treårig	adjective	swe	treårig	adjective	nor
trippel	adjective	swe	trippel	adjective	nor
trist	adjective	swe	stur	adjective	nor
trist	adjective	swe	trist	adjective	nor
trofast	adjective	swe	trofast	adjective	nor
trofast	adjective	swe	trufast	adjective	nor
trolig	adjective	swe	sannsynleg	adjective	nor
trolig	adjective	swe	sannsynlig	adjective	nor
trolig	adjective	swe	trolig	adjective	nor
trolig	adjective	swe	truleg	adjective	nor
trolig	adjective	swe	trulig	adjective	nor
tropisk	adjective	swe	tropisk	adjective	nor
trovärdig	adjective	swe	truverdig	adjective	nor
trovärdig	adjective	swe	troverdig	adjective	nor
trygg	adjective	swe	antagelig	adjective	nor
trygg	adjective	swe	antakeleg	adjective	nor
trygg	adjective	swe	sikker	adjective	nor
trygg	adjective	swe	trygg	adjective	nor
träffsäker	adjective	swe	treffsikker	adjective	nor
träfri	adjective	swe	trefri	adjective	nor
trådlös	adjective	swe	trådlaus	adjective	nor
trådlös	adjective	swe	trådløs	adjective	nor
trång	adjective	swe	klosset	adjective	nor
trång	adjective	swe	tett	adjective	nor
trött	adjective	swe	trett	adjective	nor
trött	adjective	swe	trøtt	adjective	nor
trött	adjective	swe	trøytt	adjective	nor
tullfri	adjective	swe	tollfri	adjective	nor
tung	adjective	swe	tung	adjective	nor
tunn	adjective	swe	tynn	adjective	nor
tunnsådd	adjective	swe	spredt	adjective	nor
tunnsådd	adjective	swe	spreidd	adjective	nor
turkisk	adjective	swe	tyrkisk	adjective	nor
turlig	adjective	swe	heldig	adjective	nor
tusenårig	adjective	swe	tusenårig	adjective	nor
tveksam	adjective	swe	tvilande	adjective	nor
tveksam	adjective	swe	tvilende	adjective	nor
tveksam	adjective	swe	tvilsam	adjective	nor
tveksam	adjective	swe	tvilsom	adjective	nor
tvetydig	adjective	swe	tvetydig	adjective	nor
tvär	adjective	swe	tverr	adjective	nor
tydlig	adjective	swe	tydeleg	adjective	nor
tydlig	adjective	swe	tydelig	adjective	nor
typisk	adjective	swe	typisk	adjective	nor
tysk	adjective	swe	tysk	adjective	nor
tyst	adjective	swe	stille	adjective	nor
täck	adjective	swe	tekkeleg	adjective	nor
täck	adjective	swe	tekkelig	adjective	nor
tänkbar	adjective	swe	tenkelig	adjective	nor
tänkbar	adjective	swe	tenkeleg	adjective	nor
tät	adjective	swe	klosset	adjective	nor
tät	adjective	swe	tett	adjective	nor
tålmodig	adjective	swe	tålmodig	adjective	nor
törstig	adjective	swe	tørst	adjective	nor
uddig	adjective	swe	spiss	adjective	nor
underhaltig	adjective	swe	dårleg	adjective	nor
underhaltig	adjective	swe	dårlig	adjective	nor
underhaltig	adjective	swe	vond	adjective	nor
underlig	adjective	swe	underleg	adjective	nor
underlig	adjective	swe	underlig	adjective	nor
underårig	adjective	swe	mindreårig	adjective	nor
ung	adjective	swe	ung	adjective	nor
ungdomlig	adjective	swe	ungdommeleg	adjective	nor
ungdomlig	adjective	swe	ungdommelig	adjective	nor
unik	adjective	swe	unik	adjective	nor
unison	adjective	swe	einstemmig	adjective	nor
unison	adjective	swe	enstemmig	adjective	nor
unken	adjective	swe	innestengd	adjective	nor
unken	adjective	swe	innestengt	adjective	nor
uppenbar	adjective	swe	openberr	adjective	nor
uppenbar	adjective	swe	åpenbar	adjective	nor
uppkäftig	adjective	swe	frekk	adjective	nor
uppmärksam	adjective	swe	oppmerksam	adjective	nor
uppmärksam	adjective	swe	oppmerksom	adjective	nor
uppsåtlig	adjective	swe	forsettleg	adjective	nor
uppsåtlig	adjective	swe	forsettlig	adjective	nor
upptänklig	adjective	swe	tenkelig	adjective	nor
upptänklig	adjective	swe	tenkeleg	adjective	nor
uppvuxen	adjective	swe	oppvaksen	adjective	nor
uppvuxen	adjective	swe	oppvokst	adjective	nor
ursinnig	adjective	swe	rasande	adjective	nor
ursinnig	adjective	swe	rasende	adjective	nor
ursprunglig	adjective	swe	opphavleg	adjective	nor
ursprunglig	adjective	swe	opprinnelig	adjective	nor
urusel	adjective	swe	elendig	adjective	nor
uråldrig	adjective	swe	eldgammal	adjective	nor
uråldrig	adjective	swe	eldgammel	adjective	nor
uschlig	adjective	swe	dårleg	adjective	nor
uschlig	adjective	swe	dårlig	adjective	nor
uschlig	adjective	swe	vond	adjective	nor
utländsk	adjective	swe	utanlandsk	adjective	nor
utländsk	adjective	swe	utenlandsk	adjective	nor
utmärkt	adjective	swe	utmerka	adjective	nor
utmärkt	adjective	swe	utmerket	adjective	nor
utnött	adjective	swe	utsliten	adjective	nor
utnött	adjective	swe	utslitt	adjective	nor
utomordentlig	adjective	swe	utmerka	adjective	nor
utomordentlig	adjective	swe	utmerket	adjective	nor
utrikes	adjective	swe	utanriks	adjective	nor
utrikes	adjective	swe	utenriks	adjective	nor
utrikisk	adjective	swe	utanlandsk	adjective	nor
utrikisk	adjective	swe	utenlandsk	adjective	nor
utsliten	adjective	swe	utsliten	adjective	nor
utsliten	adjective	swe	utslitt	adjective	nor
utspridd	adjective	swe	spredt	adjective	nor
utspridd	adjective	swe	spreidd	adjective	nor
utsåld	adjective	swe	utseld	adjective	nor
utsåld	adjective	swe	utsolgt	adjective	nor
uttrycklig	adjective	swe	uttrykkeleg	adjective	nor
uttrycklig	adjective	swe	uttrykkelig	adjective	nor
uttänjd	adjective	swe	strak	adjective	nor
utvald	adjective	swe	utvald	adjective	nor
utvald	adjective	swe	utvalgt	adjective	nor
utvecklingsstörd	adjective	swe	utviklingshemma	adjective	nor
utvecklingsstörd	adjective	swe	utviklingshemmet	adjective	nor
utvändig	adjective	swe	utvendig	adjective	nor
utåtvänd	adjective	swe	omgjengeleg	adjective	nor
utåtvänd	adjective	swe	utadvendt	adjective	nor
vacker	adjective	swe	pen	adjective	nor
vacker	adjective	swe	vakker	adjective	nor
vacker	adjective	swe	ven	adjective	nor
vag	adjective	swe	vak	adjective	nor
valfri	adjective	swe	valfri	adjective	nor
valfri	adjective	swe	valgfri	adjective	nor
vanlig	adjective	swe	vanleg	adjective	nor
vanlig	adjective	swe	vanlig	adjective	nor
vansinnig	adjective	swe	vanvitig	adjective	nor
vansinnig	adjective	swe	vanvittig	adjective	nor
vanvettig	adjective	swe	vanvitig	adjective	nor
vanvettig	adjective	swe	vanvittig	adjective	nor
varig	adjective	swe	varig	adjective	nor
varm	adjective	swe	varm	adjective	nor
varsam	adjective	swe	forsiktig	adjective	nor
varsam	adjective	swe	varsam	adjective	nor
varsam	adjective	swe	varsom	adjective	nor
vattentät	adjective	swe	vanntett	adjective	nor
vattentät	adjective	swe	vasstett	adjective	nor
vattnig	adjective	swe	vandig	adjective	nor
vattnig	adjective	swe	vassen	adjective	nor
vegetarisk	adjective	swe	vegetarisk	adjective	nor
blöt	adjective	swe	blaut	adjective	nor
blöt	adjective	swe	bløt	adjective	nor
vek	adjective	swe	sart	adjective	nor
vek	adjective	swe	slak	adjective	nor
vek	adjective	swe	soft	adjective	nor
verklig	adjective	swe	verkeleg	adjective	nor
verklig	adjective	swe	virkelig	adjective	nor
verksam	adjective	swe	verksam	adjective	nor
verksam	adjective	swe	virksom	adjective	nor
vertikal	adjective	swe	vertikal	adjective	nor
vetenskaplig	adjective	swe	vitenskapelig	adjective	nor
vetenskaplig	adjective	swe	vitskapeleg	adjective	nor
vetenskaplig	adjective	swe	vitskapleg	adjective	nor
vettig	adjective	swe	fornuftig	adjective	nor
vettig	adjective	swe	vettig	adjective	nor
vettlös	adjective	swe	vanvitig	adjective	nor
vettlös	adjective	swe	vanvittig	adjective	nor
vettvillig	adjective	swe	vanvitig	adjective	nor
vettvillig	adjective	swe	vanvittig	adjective	nor
vid	adjective	swe	bred	adjective	nor
vid	adjective	swe	brei	adjective	nor
vid	adjective	swe	vid	adjective	nor
vidskeplig	adjective	swe	overtruisk	adjective	nor
vidskeplig	adjective	swe	overtroisk	adjective	nor
vidunderlig	adjective	swe	vedunderleg	adjective	nor
vidunderlig	adjective	swe	vidunderlig	adjective	nor
viktig	adjective	swe	tung	adjective	nor
viktig	adjective	swe	viktig	adjective	nor
vild	adjective	swe	vill	adjective	nor
viljestark	adjective	swe	viljesterk	adjective	nor
villig	adjective	swe	villig	adjective	nor
vilsam	adjective	swe	veldedig	adjective	nor
vilsam	adjective	swe	velgjerande	adjective	nor
vilsam	adjective	swe	velgjørande	adjective	nor
vilsam	adjective	swe	velgjørende	adjective	nor
vimmelkantig	adjective	swe	svimmel	adjective	nor
virtuell	adjective	swe	virtuell	adjective	nor
vis	adjective	swe	vis	adjective	nor
viss	adjective	swe	viss	adjective	nor
vit	adjective	swe	hvit	adjective	nor
vit	adjective	swe	kvit	adjective	nor
vuxen	adjective	swe	vaksen	adjective	nor
vuxen	adjective	swe	voksen	adjective	nor
väldig	adjective	swe	mektig	adjective	nor
väldig	adjective	swe	veldig	adjective	nor
välkänd	adjective	swe	velkjend	adjective	nor
välkänd	adjective	swe	velkjent	adjective	nor
välvillig	adjective	swe	velvillig	adjective	nor
vämjelig	adjective	swe	ufyseleg	adjective	nor
vämjelig	adjective	swe	ufyselig	adjective	nor
vänlig	adjective	swe	godlynt	adjective	nor
vänlig	adjective	swe	vennleg	adjective	nor
vänlig	adjective	swe	vennlig	adjective	nor
vänlig	adjective	swe	vennligsinnet	adjective	nor
vänlig	adjective	swe	vennskapeleg	adjective	nor
vänlig	adjective	swe	vennskapelig	adjective	nor
vänskaplig	adjective	swe	vennskapeleg	adjective	nor
vänskaplig	adjective	swe	vennskapelig	adjective	nor
vänster	adjective	swe	venstre	adjective	nor
vänsterhänt	adjective	swe	venstrehendt	adjective	nor
värd	adjective	swe	verd	adjective	nor
värd	adjective	swe	verdt	adjective	nor
världsberömd	adjective	swe	verdensberømt	adjective	nor
världsberömd	adjective	swe	verdskjend	adjective	nor
världslig	adjective	swe	verdsleg	adjective	nor
världslig	adjective	swe	verdslig	adjective	nor
väsentlig	adjective	swe	vesentleg	adjective	nor
väsentlig	adjective	swe	vesentlig	adjective	nor
nordlig	adjective	swe	nordleg	adjective	nor
nordlig	adjective	swe	nordlig	adjective	nor
norra	adjective	swe	nordleg	adjective	nor
norra	adjective	swe	nordlig	adjective	nor
norra	adjective	swe	nordre	adjective	nor
västlig	adjective	swe	vestleg	adjective	nor
västlig	adjective	swe	vestlig	adjective	nor
västra	adjective	swe	vestleg	adjective	nor
västra	adjective	swe	vestlig	adjective	nor
västra	adjective	swe	vestre	adjective	nor
östlig	adjective	swe	austleg	adjective	nor
östlig	adjective	swe	østlig	adjective	nor
östra	adjective	swe	austleg	adjective	nor
östra	adjective	swe	østlig	adjective	nor
östra	adjective	swe	austre	adjective	nor
östra	adjective	swe	østre	adjective	nor
sydlig	adjective	swe	sørleg	adjective	nor
sydlig	adjective	swe	sørlig	adjective	nor
sydlig	adjective	swe	sydlig	adjective	nor
södra	adjective	swe	sørleg	adjective	nor
södra	adjective	swe	sørlig	adjective	nor
södra	adjective	swe	søre	adjective	nor
södra	adjective	swe	søndre	adjective	nor
sydöstra	adjective	swe	søraustleg	adjective	nor
sydöstra	adjective	swe	sørøstlig	adjective	nor
sydöstra	adjective	swe	sydøstlig	adjective	nor
nordöstra	adjective	swe	nordaustleg	adjective	nor
nordöstra	adjective	swe	nordøstlig	adjective	nor
sydvästra	adjective	swe	sørvestlig	adjective	nor
sydvästra	adjective	swe	sørvestleg	adjective	nor
sydvästra	adjective	swe	sydvestlig	adjective	nor
nordvästra	adjective	swe	nordvestleg	adjective	nor
nordvästra	adjective	swe	nordvestlig	adjective	nor
vådlig	adjective	swe	farleg	adjective	nor
vådlig	adjective	swe	farlig	adjective	nor
våldsam	adjective	swe	valdsam	adjective	nor
våldsam	adjective	swe	voldsom	adjective	nor
våt	adjective	swe	våt	adjective	nor
vördnadsvärd	adjective	swe	ærverdig	adjective	nor
ypperlig	adjective	swe	framifrå	adjective	nor
ypperlig	adjective	swe	ypparleg	adjective	nor
ypperlig	adjective	swe	ypperleg	adjective	nor
ypperlig	adjective	swe	ypperlig	adjective	nor
yrkesmässig	adjective	swe	ervervsmessig	adjective	nor
yrkesmässig	adjective	swe	yrkesmessig	adjective	nor
ytterlig	adjective	swe	mye	adjective	nor
ytterlig	adjective	swe	mykje	adjective	nor
ytterlig	adjective	swe	ytre	adjective	nor
ädel	adjective	swe	edel	adjective	nor
älskvärd	adjective	swe	elskverdig	adjective	nor
ämabel	adjective	swe	elskverdig	adjective	nor
ändlös	adjective	swe	endelaus	adjective	nor
ändlös	adjective	swe	endeløs	adjective	nor
ängslig	adjective	swe	engsteleg	adjective	nor
ängslig	adjective	swe	engstelig	adjective	nor
äntlig	adjective	swe	endeleg	adjective	nor
äntlig	adjective	swe	endelig	adjective	nor
ärevördig	adjective	swe	ærverdig	adjective	nor
ärlig	adjective	swe	ærleg	adjective	nor
ärlig	adjective	swe	ærlig	adjective	nor
ålderdomlig	adjective	swe	gammaldags	adjective	nor
ålderdomlig	adjective	swe	gammeldags	adjective	nor
åldrig	adjective	swe	gammal	adjective	nor
åldrig	adjective	swe	gammel	adjective	nor
årlig	adjective	swe	årleg	adjective	nor
årlig	adjective	swe	årlig	adjective	nor
åtkomlig	adjective	swe	tilgjengeleg	adjective	nor
åtkomlig	adjective	swe	tilgjengelig	adjective	nor
ögonblicklig	adjective	swe	umiddelbar	adjective	nor
ögonblicklig	adjective	swe	øyeblikkelig	adjective	nor
öm	adjective	swe	sår	adjective	nor
öm	adjective	swe	øm	adjective	nor
ömsesidig	adjective	swe	gjensidig	adjective	nor
ömsesidig	adjective	swe	ymsesidig	adjective	nor
öppen	adjective	swe	open	adjective	nor
öppen	adjective	swe	åpen	adjective	nor
öppenhjärtig	adjective	swe	open	adjective	nor
öppenhjärtig	adjective	swe	åpen	adjective	nor
österrikisk	adjective	swe	østerriksk	adjective	nor
överdriven	adjective	swe	overdreven	adjective	nor
överdriven	adjective	swe	overdriven	adjective	nor
överdådig	adjective	swe	overdådig	adjective	nor
överfull	adjective	swe	overfylt	adjective	nor
överlägsen	adjective	swe	overlegen	adjective	nor
övermogen	adjective	swe	overmoden	adjective	nor
övermänsklig	adjective	swe	overmenneskeleg	adjective	nor
övermänsklig	adjective	swe	overmenneskelig	adjective	nor
överraskande	adjective	swe	overraskande	adjective	nor
överraskande	adjective	swe	overraskende	adjective	nor
övertalig	adjective	swe	overtalig	adjective	nor
övertalig	adjective	swe	overtallig	adjective	nor
övlig	adjective	swe	sedvanleg	adjective	nor
övlig	adjective	swe	sedvanlig	adjective	nor
övre	adjective	swe	øvre	adjective	nor
övrig	adjective	swe	øvrig	adjective	nor
tättbefolkad	adjective	swe	tett folkesett	adjective	nor
tättbefolkad	adjective	swe	tettbebygd	adjective	nor
varför	adverb	swe	kvifor	adverb	nor
varför	adverb	swe	hvorfor	adverb	nor
var	adverb	swe	kor	adverb	nor
var	adverb	swe	hvor	adverb	nor
hur	adverb	swe	kor	adverb	nor
hur	adverb	swe	hvor	adverb	nor
hur	adverb	swe	korleis	adverb	nor
hur	adverb	swe	hvordan	adverb	nor
det vill säga	adverb	swe	det vil seie	adverb	nor
det vill säga	adverb	swe	det vil si	adverb	nor
sakta	adverb	swe	sakte	adverb	nor
iväg	adverb	swe	i veg	adverb	nor
iväg	adverb	swe	i vei	adverb	nor
utanpå	adverb	swe	utanpå	adverb	nor
utanpå	adverb	swe	utenpå	adverb	nor
innantill	adverb	swe	innanpå	adverb	nor
innantill	adverb	swe	innenpå	adverb	nor
dags	adverb	swe	på tide	adverb	nor
på	adverb	swe	på	adverb	nor
in	adverb	swe	inn	adverb	nor
upp	adverb	swe	opp	adverb	nor
sist	adverb	swe	sist	adverb	nor
ut	adverb	swe	ut	adverb	nor
varifrån	adverb	swe	kor frå	adverb	nor
varifrån	adverb	swe	hvor fra	adverb	nor
ej	adverb	swe	ei	adverb	nor
icke	adverb	swe	ikkje	adverb	nor
icke	adverb	swe	ikke	adverb	nor
inte	adverb	swe	ikkje	adverb	nor
inte	adverb	swe	ikke	adverb	nor
inte	adverb	swe	kje	adverb	nor
fast	adverb	swe	forutan	adverb	nor
fast	adverb	swe	foruten	adverb	nor
idag	adverb	swe	i dag	adverb	nor
igår	adverb	swe	i går	adverb	nor
imorgon	adverb	swe	i morgen	adverb	nor
imorgon	adverb	swe	i morgon	adverb	nor
imorgon bitti	adverb	swe	i morgen tidlig	adverb	nor
imorgon bitti	adverb	swe	i morgon tidleg	adverb	nor
i höstas	adverb	swe	sist haust	adverb	nor
i höstas	adverb	swe	sist høst	adverb	nor
i våras	adverb	swe	sist vår	adverb	nor
i vintras	adverb	swe	sist vinter	adverb	nor
i somras	adverb	swe	sist sommar	adverb	nor
i somras	adverb	swe	sist sumar	adverb	nor
i somras	adverb	swe	sist sommer	adverb	nor
igen	adverb	swe	igjen	adverb	nor
kvar	adverb	swe	igjen	adverb	nor
dit	adverb	swe	der	adverb	nor
där	adverb	swe	der	adverb	nor
här	adverb	swe	her	adverb	nor
mera	adverb	swe	mer	adverb	nor
mera	adverb	swe	meir	adverb	nor
när	adverb	swe	når	adverb	nor
vart	adverb	swe	kor	adverb	nor
vart	adverb	swe	hvor	adverb	nor
vart	adverb	swe	hvorhen	adverb	nor
helt	adverb	swe	heilt	adverb	nor
helt	adverb	swe	helt	adverb	nor
a cappella	adverb	swe	a cappella	adverb	nor
a posteriori	adverb	swe	a posteriori	adverb	nor
a priori	adverb	swe	a priori	adverb	nor
a vista	adverb	swe	a vista	adverb	nor
ad acta	adverb	swe	ad acta	adverb	nor
ad hoc	adverb	swe	ad hoc	adverb	nor
ad notam	adverb	swe	ad notam	adverb	nor
adagio	adverb	swe	adagio	adverb	nor
aldrig	adverb	swe	aldri	adverb	nor
alias	adverb	swe	alias	adverb	nor
allaredan	adverb	swe	allerede	adverb	nor
allaredan	adverb	swe	allereie	adverb	nor
allaredan	adverb	swe	longe	adverb	nor
alldeles	adverb	swe	aldeles	adverb	nor
allegretto	adverb	swe	allegretto	adverb	nor
allegro	adverb	swe	allegro	adverb	nor
allestädes	adverb	swe	allesteds	adverb	nor
allestädes	adverb	swe	allstad	adverb	nor
alltför	adverb	swe	altfor	adverb	nor
alltid	adverb	swe	alljamt	adverb	nor
alltid	adverb	swe	allstøtt	adverb	nor
alltid	adverb	swe	alltid	adverb	nor
alltid	adverb	swe	alltids	adverb	nor
alltid	adverb	swe	eikorleis	adverb	nor
alltid	adverb	swe	eileis	adverb	nor
alltid	adverb	swe	einsleis	adverb	nor
alltjämt	adverb	swe	framleis	adverb	nor
alltjämt	adverb	swe	fremdeles	adverb	nor
alltjämt	adverb	swe	stadig	adverb	nor
alltjämt	adverb	swe	stadig	adverb	nor
alltså	adverb	swe	altso	adverb	nor
alltså	adverb	swe	altså	adverb	nor
amok	adverb	swe	amok	adverb	nor
an	adverb	swe	an	adverb	nor
andante	adverb	swe	andante	adverb	nor
annars	adverb	swe	annars	adverb	nor
annars	adverb	swe	ellers	adverb	nor
annars	adverb	swe	elles	adverb	nor
annorlunda	adverb	swe	annerledes	adverb	nor
annorlunda	adverb	swe	annleis	adverb	nor
annorstädes	adverb	swe	annars	adverb	nor
annorstädes	adverb	swe	ansleis	adverb	nor
annorstädes	adverb	swe	ellers	adverb	nor
annorstädes	adverb	swe	elles	adverb	nor
antydningsvis	adverb	swe	antydningsvis	adverb	nor
antydningsvis	adverb	swe	lausleg	adverb	nor
apropå	adverb	swe	apropos	adverb	nor
avslutningsvis	adverb	swe	avslutningsvis	adverb	nor
avslutningsvis	adverb	swe	siststundes	adverb	nor
ba	adverb	swe	bare	adverb	nor
ba	adverb	swe	berre	adverb	nor
ba	adverb	swe	einast	adverb	nor
bakfram	adverb	swe	att fram	adverb	nor
bakfram	adverb	swe	avhendes	adverb	nor
bakfram	adverb	swe	avhends	adverb	nor
bakfram	adverb	swe	bakvendt	adverb	nor
bakifrån	adverb	swe	bakanfrå	adverb	nor
bakifrån	adverb	swe	bakenfra	adverb	nor
baklänges	adverb	swe	andhæles	adverb	nor
baklänges	adverb	swe	andæres	adverb	nor
baklänges	adverb	swe	attlenges	adverb	nor
baklänges	adverb	swe	attlengs	adverb	nor
baklänges	adverb	swe	baklengs	adverb	nor
bakom	adverb	swe	bakk	adverb	nor
bara	adverb	swe	bare	adverb	nor
bara	adverb	swe	bare	adverb	nor
bara	adverb	swe	berre	adverb	nor
bara	adverb	swe	einast	adverb	nor
beklagligtvis	adverb	swe	beklagelegvis	adverb	nor
beklagligtvis	adverb	swe	beklageligvis	adverb	nor
bland annat	adverb	swe	blant annet	adverb	nor
bland annat	adverb	swe	mellom anna	adverb	nor
borta	adverb	swe	borte	adverb	nor
bortigenom	adverb	swe	hen	adverb	nor
bra	adverb	swe	bra	adverb	nor
bra	adverb	swe	godt	adverb	nor
brutto	adverb	swe	brutto	adverb	nor
bums	adverb	swe	straks	adverb	nor
cif	adverb	swe	cif	adverb	nor
cirka	adverb	swe	cirka	adverb	nor
crescendo	adverb	swe	crescendo	adverb	nor
de facto	adverb	swe	de facto	adverb	nor
de jure	adverb	swe	de jure	adverb	nor
dels	adverb	swe	dels	adverb	nor
delvis	adverb	swe	delvis	adverb	nor
dess	adverb	swe	jo	adverb	nor
dess	adverb	swe	då	adverb	nor
dess	adverb	swe	da	adverb	nor
desslikes	adverb	swe	likeeins	adverb	nor
desslikes	adverb	swe	likeledes	adverb	nor
dessutom	adverb	swe	attpåtil	adverb	nor
dessutom	adverb	swe	dessforutan	adverb	nor
dessutom	adverb	swe	dessutan	adverb	nor
dessutom	adverb	swe	dessuten	adverb	nor
desto	adverb	swe	desto	adverb	nor
diminuendo	adverb	swe	diminuendo	adverb	nor
dock	adverb	swe	do	adverb	nor
dock	adverb	swe	dog	adverb	nor
dock	adverb	swe	endå	adverb	nor
dussinvis	adverb	swe	dusinvis	adverb	nor
dussinvis	adverb	swe	tylftevis	adverb	nor
därav	adverb	swe	derav	adverb	nor
därefter	adverb	swe	derefter	adverb	nor
därefter	adverb	swe	deretter	adverb	nor
däremot	adverb	swe	derimot	adverb	nor
därför	adverb	swe	derfor	adverb	nor
därför	adverb	swe	derfor	adverb	nor
därför	adverb	swe	difor	adverb	nor
därjämte	adverb	swe	attpåtil	adverb	nor
därjämte	adverb	swe	dessforutan	adverb	nor
därjämte	adverb	swe	dessutan	adverb	nor
därjämte	adverb	swe	dessuten	adverb	nor
därmed	adverb	swe	dermed	adverb	nor
därmed	adverb	swe	dimed	adverb	nor
därpå	adverb	swe	derpå	adverb	nor
därpå	adverb	swe	så	adverb	nor
då	adverb	swe	da	adverb	nor
då	adverb	swe	då	adverb	nor
efteråt	adverb	swe	etterpå	adverb	nor
efteråt	adverb	swe	ettersidan	adverb	nor
eljest	adverb	swe	ellers	adverb	nor
eljest	adverb	swe	elles	adverb	nor
emellertid	adverb	swe	imidlertid	adverb	nor
emellertid	adverb	swe	likevel	adverb	nor
en face	adverb	swe	en face	adverb	nor
en gros	adverb	swe	en gros	adverb	nor
en masse	adverb	swe	en masse	adverb	nor
en passant	adverb	swe	en passant	adverb	nor
ena	adverb	swe	eine	adverb	nor
ena	adverb	swe	ene	adverb	nor
enbart	adverb	swe	berre	adverb	nor
enbart	adverb	swe	berre	adverb	nor
enbart	adverb	swe	kun	adverb	nor
enbart	adverb	swe	kun	adverb	nor
endast	adverb	swe	berre	adverb	nor
endast	adverb	swe	berre	adverb	nor
endast	adverb	swe	kun	adverb	nor
endast	adverb	swe	kun	adverb	nor
ergo	adverb	swe	ergo	adverb	nor
et cetera	adverb	swe	et cetera	adverb	nor
etappvis	adverb	swe	etappevis	adverb	nor
exempelvis	adverb	swe	eksempelvis	adverb	nor
exempelvis	adverb	swe	eksempelvis	adverb	nor
exempelvis	adverb	swe	for eksempel	adverb	nor
exempelvis	adverb	swe	til dømes	adverb	nor
fläckvis	adverb	swe	flekkevis	adverb	nor
fläckvis	adverb	swe	flekkomtil	adverb	nor
fläckvis	adverb	swe	flekkvis	adverb	nor
fob	adverb	swe	fob	adverb	nor
formligen	adverb	swe	formeleg	adverb	nor
formligen	adverb	swe	formelig	adverb	nor
forte	adverb	swe	forte	adverb	nor
fortfarande	adverb	swe	stadig	adverb	nor
fortfarande	adverb	swe	fortfarande	adverb	nor
fortfarande	adverb	swe	fortfarende	adverb	nor
fortfarande	adverb	swe	enno	adverb	nor
fortfarande	adverb	swe	fortsatt	adverb	nor
fortissimo	adverb	swe	fortissimo	adverb	nor
fram	adverb	swe	fram	adverb	nor
framdeles	adverb	swe	framleis	adverb	nor
framgent	adverb	swe	framleis	adverb	nor
framstupa	adverb	swe	nasegrus	adverb	nor
framstupa	adverb	swe	nasegruve	adverb	nor
framstupa	adverb	swe	nesegrus	adverb	nor
framåt	adverb	swe	framlengs	adverb	nor
framåt	adverb	swe	fremlengs	adverb	nor
franko	adverb	swe	franko	adverb	nor
främst	adverb	swe	fremst	adverb	nor
furioso	adverb	swe	furioso	adverb	nor
följaktligen	adverb	swe	fylgjeleg	adverb	nor
följaktligen	adverb	swe	følgelig	adverb	nor
följaktligen	adverb	swe	følgjeleg	adverb	nor
för	adverb	swe	for	adverb	nor
för	adverb	swe	fore	adverb	nor
för	adverb	swe	føre	adverb	nor
förhoppningsvis	adverb	swe	forhåpentleg	adverb	nor
förhoppningsvis	adverb	swe	forhåpentlig	adverb	nor
förhoppningsvis	adverb	swe	vonleg	adverb	nor
förhoppningsvis	adverb	swe	vonlig	adverb	nor
förhållandevis	adverb	swe	forholdsvis	adverb	nor
förhållandevis	adverb	swe	forholdvis	adverb	nor
förr	adverb	swe	før	adverb	nor
först	adverb	swe	fyrst	adverb	nor
först	adverb	swe	fyrstundes	adverb	nor
först	adverb	swe	fyrstundes	adverb	nor
först	adverb	swe	først	adverb	nor
först	adverb	swe	førstundes	adverb	nor
först	adverb	swe	førstundes	adverb	nor
försöksvis	adverb	swe	forsøksvis	adverb	nor
försöksvis	adverb	swe	førebels	adverb	nor
förty	adverb	swe	di	adverb	nor
förty	adverb	swe	ti	adverb	nor
förut	adverb	swe	før	adverb	nor
ganska	adverb	swe	ganske	adverb	nor
givetvis	adverb	swe	givetvis	adverb	nor
givetvis	adverb	swe	naturlegvis	adverb	nor
glimtvis	adverb	swe	glimtvis	adverb	nor
gradvis	adverb	swe	gradvis	adverb	nor
grave	adverb	swe	grave	adverb	nor
gudskelov	adverb	swe	gudskjelov	adverb	nor
gärna	adverb	swe	gjerne	adverb	nor
gärna	adverb	swe	gladeleg	adverb	nor
gärna	adverb	swe	gladelig	adverb	nor
gärna	adverb	swe	saktens	adverb	nor
handlöst	adverb	swe	endestupes	adverb	nor
handlöst	adverb	swe	endestups	adverb	nor
handlöst	adverb	swe	hodekulls	adverb	nor
handlöst	adverb	swe	hodestupes	adverb	nor
handlöst	adverb	swe	hodestups	adverb	nor
handlöst	adverb	swe	hovudstup	adverb	nor
handlöst	adverb	swe	hovudstupes	adverb	nor
handlöst	adverb	swe	hovudstups	adverb	nor
heller	adverb	swe	heller	adverb	nor
heller	adverb	swe	dess heller	adverb	nor
heller	adverb	swe	di heller	adverb	nor
gärna	adverb	swe	heller	adverb	nor
gärna	adverb	swe	vonom	adverb	nor
gärna	adverb	swe	vonoms	adverb	nor
gärna	adverb	swe	helst	adverb	nor
hemma	adverb	swe	heime	adverb	nor
hemma	adverb	swe	hjemme	adverb	nor
hit	adverb	swe	hit	adverb	nor
hittills	adverb	swe	til no	adverb	nor
hittills	adverb	swe	til nå	adverb	nor
hittills	adverb	swe	til nu	adverb	nor
hoppeligen	adverb	swe	forhåpentleg	adverb	nor
hoppeligen	adverb	swe	forhåpentlig	adverb	nor
hoppeligen	adverb	swe	vonleg	adverb	nor
hoppeligen	adverb	swe	vonlig	adverb	nor
hur	adverb	swe	hoss	adverb	nor
hur	adverb	swe	hossen	adverb	nor
hur	adverb	swe	hvordan	adverb	nor
hur	adverb	swe	korleis	adverb	nor
hur	adverb	swe	korso	adverb	nor
hur	adverb	swe	koss	adverb	nor
hur	adverb	swe	åssen	adverb	nor
huvudstupa	adverb	swe	endestupes	adverb	nor
huvudstupa	adverb	swe	endestups	adverb	nor
huvudstupa	adverb	swe	hodekulls	adverb	nor
huvudstupa	adverb	swe	hodestupes	adverb	nor
huvudstupa	adverb	swe	hodestups	adverb	nor
huvudstupa	adverb	swe	hovudstup	adverb	nor
huvudstupa	adverb	swe	hovudstupes	adverb	nor
huvudstupa	adverb	swe	hovudstups	adverb	nor
hädanefter	adverb	swe	etterdags	adverb	nor
hädanefter	adverb	swe	frå no av	adverb	nor
hädanefter	adverb	swe	herefter	adverb	nor
hädanefter	adverb	swe	heretter	adverb	nor
hän	adverb	swe	hen	adverb	nor
händelsevis	adverb	swe	tilfeldigvis	adverb	nor
härförleden	adverb	swe	for litt sidan	adverb	nor
härförleden	adverb	swe	forleden	adverb	nor
härifrån	adverb	swe	herfra	adverb	nor
härjämte	adverb	swe	attpåtil	adverb	nor
härjämte	adverb	swe	dessforutan	adverb	nor
härjämte	adverb	swe	dessutan	adverb	nor
härjämte	adverb	swe	dessuten	adverb	nor
härmed	adverb	swe	hermed	adverb	nor
härnäst	adverb	swe	etterdags	adverb	nor
härnäst	adverb	swe	frå no av	adverb	nor
härnäst	adverb	swe	herefter	adverb	nor
härnäst	adverb	swe	heretter	adverb	nor
häromsistens	adverb	swe	for litt sidan	adverb	nor
häromsistens	adverb	swe	forleden	adverb	nor
härstädes	adverb	swe	her	adverb	nor
häråt	adverb	swe	hit	adverb	nor
högst	adverb	swe	høgleg	adverb	nor
högst	adverb	swe	høgst	adverb	nor
högst	adverb	swe	høylig	adverb	nor
högst	adverb	swe	høyst	adverb	nor
i fjol	adverb	swe	i fjor	adverb	nor
i fjor	adverb	swe	i fjor	adverb	nor
i förfjol	adverb	swe	i forfjor	adverb	nor
i förfjol	adverb	swe	i førårs	adverb	nor
i förrgår	adverb	swe	i fjor	adverb	nor
ibidem	adverb	swe	ibidem	adverb	nor
ibland	adverb	swe	av og til	adverb	nor
ibland	adverb	swe	i blant	adverb	nor
ibland	adverb	swe	undertiden	adverb	nor
ibland	adverb	swe	undertiden	adverb	nor
ihop	adverb	swe	ihop	adverb	nor
ihop	adverb	swe	ihop	adverb	nor
ihop	adverb	swe	saman	adverb	nor
ihop	adverb	swe	samen	adverb	nor
ihop	adverb	swe	sammen	adverb	nor
iland	adverb	swe	iland	adverb	nor
illa	adverb	swe	ille	adverb	nor
in blanko	adverb	swe	in blanko	adverb	nor
in natura	adverb	swe	in natura	adverb	nor
ingalunda	adverb	swe	ingaleis	adverb	nor
ingalunda	adverb	swe	ingenlunde	adverb	nor
ingalunda	adverb	swe	ingileis	adverb	nor
inkognito	adverb	swe	inkognito	adverb	nor
inledningsvis	adverb	swe	innledningsvis	adverb	nor
inledningsvis	adverb	swe	innleiingsvis	adverb	nor
inne	adverb	swe	heime	adverb	nor
inne	adverb	swe	hjemme	adverb	nor
inne	adverb	swe	inne	adverb	nor
inomhus	adverb	swe	inne	adverb	nor
istället	adverb	swe	i staden	adverb	nor
istället	adverb	swe	istedet	adverb	nor
isär	adverb	swe	iser	adverb	nor
isär	adverb	swe	især	adverb	nor
ju	adverb	swe	jo	adverb	nor
just	adverb	swe	just	adverb	nor
just	adverb	swe	just	adverb	nor
just	adverb	swe	nettopp	adverb	nor
jämt	adverb	swe	alljamt	adverb	nor
jämt	adverb	swe	allstøtt	adverb	nor
jämt	adverb	swe	alltid	adverb	nor
jämt	adverb	swe	alltids	adverb	nor
jämt	adverb	swe	eikorleis	adverb	nor
jämt	adverb	swe	eileis	adverb	nor
jämt	adverb	swe	einsleis	adverb	nor
såväl	adverb	swe	så vel	adverb	nor
kort sagt	adverb	swe	kort sagt	adverb	nor
sedan länge	adverb	swe	i lang tid	adverb	nor
sedan länge	adverb	swe	lenge	adverb	nor
jämväl	adverb	swe	også	adverb	nor
jämväl	adverb	swe	jamvel	adverb	nor
kanhända	adverb	swe	kan hende	adverb	nor
kanhända	adverb	swe	kanskje	adverb	nor
kanhända	adverb	swe	moglegvis	adverb	nor
kanhända	adverb	swe	muligens	adverb	nor
kanske	adverb	swe	kan hende	adverb	nor
kanske	adverb	swe	kanskje	adverb	nor
kanske	adverb	swe	moglegvis	adverb	nor
kanske	adverb	swe	muligens	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	bekande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	bekende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	blikande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	blikende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	blikkende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	bommande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	bommende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	dammande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	dammende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	dorg	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	dorgande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	dorgende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	dønn	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	dørg	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	dørgande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	dørgende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	fullt ut	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	glugg	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	heilende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	heilt	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	helt	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	jamt	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	jevnt	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	klin	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	klink	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	klinkande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	klinkende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	kolande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	kolende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	kvekk	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	mo	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	mukk	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	mukkande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	mukkende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	murande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	murende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	musande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	musende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	naggande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	naggende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	pakkande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	pakkende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	pinnande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	pinnende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	plent	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	plitt	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	pukka	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	ratt	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	skita	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	skyllande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	skyllende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	spent	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	sprut	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	sprutande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	sprutende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	sprøyte	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	stapp	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	stappa	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	stappande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	stappende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	steins	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	stokkande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	stokkende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	søkk	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	søkkande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	søkkende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	tjokkande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	tjokkende	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	tjåkande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	trill	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	trillande	adverb	nor
kav	adverb	swe	trillende	adverb	nor
knappast	adverb	swe	neppe	adverb	nor
käpprätt	adverb	swe	beint	adverb	nor
käpprätt	adverb	swe	bent	adverb	nor
lagligen	adverb	swe	lovleg	adverb	nor
lagligen	adverb	swe	lovlig	adverb	nor
largo	adverb	swe	largo	adverb	nor
legato	adverb	swe	legato	adverb	nor
lika	adverb	swe	beint	adverb	nor
lika	adverb	swe	bent	adverb	nor
lika	adverb	swe	ende	adverb	nor
lika	adverb	swe	nyss	adverb	nor
lika	adverb	swe	så	adverb	nor
likaledes	adverb	swe	likeeins	adverb	nor
likaledes	adverb	swe	likeledes	adverb	nor
likaså	adverb	swe	like så	adverb	nor
likaså	adverb	swe	likeså	adverb	nor
likaså	adverb	swe	likso	adverb	nor
likaså	adverb	swe	likså	adverb	nor
liksom	adverb	swe	liksom	adverb	nor
liksom	adverb	swe	lissom	adverb	nor
liksom	adverb	swe	læssom	adverb	nor
liksom	adverb	swe	læstsom	adverb	nor
liksom	adverb	swe	mestsom	adverb	nor
liksom	adverb	swe	samtidig som	adverb	nor
likvisst	adverb	swe	allikevel	adverb	nor
likvisst	adverb	swe	lell	adverb	nor
likvisst	adverb	swe	likevel	adverb	nor
likväl	adverb	swe	allikevel	adverb	nor
likväl	adverb	swe	lell	adverb	nor
likväl	adverb	swe	likevel	adverb	nor
lite	adverb	swe	over lang	adverb	nor
lite	adverb	swe	over langs	adverb	nor
lite	adverb	swe	småningom	adverb	nor
lite	adverb	swe	lite	adverb	nor
lite	adverb	swe	litt	adverb	nor
litervis	adverb	swe	litervis	adverb	nor
lyckligen	adverb	swe	lykkelegvis	adverb	nor
lyckligen	adverb	swe	lykkeligvis	adverb	nor
lyckligtvis	adverb	swe	heldigvis	adverb	nor
lämpligen	adverb	swe	lagom	adverb	nor
länge	adverb	swe	kjempelenge	adverb	nor
länge	adverb	swe	ovlenge	adverb	nor
länge	adverb	swe	lenge	adverb	nor
längst	adverb	swe	lengst	adverb	nor
massvis	adverb	swe	drøssevis	adverb	nor
massvis	adverb	swe	dungevis	adverb	nor
massvis	adverb	swe	haugevis	adverb	nor
massvis	adverb	swe	massevis	adverb	nor
med	adverb	swe	med	adverb	nor
medströms	adverb	swe	medstraums	adverb	nor
medströms	adverb	swe	medstrøms	adverb	nor
mera	adverb	swe	dess heller	adverb	nor
mera	adverb	swe	dess meir	adverb	nor
mera	adverb	swe	dess mer	adverb	nor
mera	adverb	swe	di heller	adverb	nor
mera	adverb	swe	di meir	adverb	nor
metervis	adverb	swe	metervis	adverb	nor
mezzoforte	adverb	swe	mezzoforte	adverb	nor
minsann	adverb	swe	mi sann	adverb	nor
minsann	adverb	swe	min sann	adverb	nor
minsann	adverb	swe	min sant	adverb	nor
minsann	adverb	swe	min santen	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	veldig	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	eiande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	eiende	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	eitrande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	eitrende	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	gandande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	gorande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	gorr	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	gorrende	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	gørr	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	gørrande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	gørrende	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	hakkande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	hakkende	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	hoggande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	hoggende	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	jamt over	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	jevnt over	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	kav	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	kavande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	kavende	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	knøtrande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	knøtrende	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	knøttande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	knøttende	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	lut	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	luta	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	lutande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	lutende	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	meget	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	naudande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	nauende	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	pinande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	pinende	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	ramande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	rammande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	rammende	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	snyt	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	snyta	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	snyte	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	staurande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	staurende	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	særs	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	ørande	adverb	nor
mycket	adverb	swe	ørende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	drita	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	eiande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	eiende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	eitrande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	eitrende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	gandande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	gorande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	gorr	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	gorrende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	gørr	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	gørrande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	gørrende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	hakkande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	hakkende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	hoggande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	hoggende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	jamt over	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	jevnt over	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	kav	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	kavande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	kavende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	knøtrande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	knøtrende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	knøttande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	knøttende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	lut	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	luta	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	lutande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	lutende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	meget	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	naudande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	nauende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	pinande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	pinende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	ramande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	rammande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	rammende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	snyt	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	snyta	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	snyte	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	staurande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	staurende	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	steika	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	ørande	adverb	nor
mäkta	adverb	swe	ørende	adverb	nor
måhända	adverb	swe	kan hende	adverb	nor
måhända	adverb	swe	kanskje	adverb	nor
måhända	adverb	swe	moglegvis	adverb	nor
måhända	adverb	swe	muligens	adverb	nor
månadsvis	adverb	swe	månadsvis	adverb	nor
månadsvis	adverb	swe	månedsvis	adverb	nor
möjligen	adverb	swe	mogelegvis	adverb	nor
möjligen	adverb	swe	moglegvis	adverb	nor
möjligen	adverb	swe	mulegvis	adverb	nor
möjligen	adverb	swe	muligvis	adverb	nor
möjligtvis	adverb	swe	mogelegvis	adverb	nor
möjligtvis	adverb	swe	moglegvis	adverb	nor
möjligtvis	adverb	swe	mulegvis	adverb	nor
möjligtvis	adverb	swe	muligvis	adverb	nor
nattetid	adverb	swe	nattestid	adverb	nor
nattetid	adverb	swe	nattetid	adverb	nor
naturligtvis	adverb	swe	naturlegvis	adverb	nor
naturligtvis	adverb	swe	naturligvis	adverb	nor
nere	adverb	swe	der nede	adverb	nor
netto	adverb	swe	netto	adverb	nor
nog	adverb	swe	nok	adverb	nor
nog	adverb	swe	noksom	adverb	nor
nonstop	adverb	swe	nonstop	adverb	nor
nu	adverb	swe	dann	adverb	nor
nu	adverb	swe	dessa	adverb	nor
nu	adverb	swe	no	adverb	nor
nu	adverb	swe	nu	adverb	nor
nu	adverb	swe	nå	adverb	nor
nämligen	adverb	swe	nemleg	adverb	nor
nämligen	adverb	swe	nemlig	adverb	nor
näppeligen	adverb	swe	neppe	adverb	nor
nära	adverb	swe	nære	adverb	nor
nära	adverb	swe	nærast	adverb	nor
nära	adverb	swe	nære	adverb	nor
nära	adverb	swe	nærest	adverb	nor
nära	adverb	swe	nærmast	adverb	nor
nära	adverb	swe	nærmest	adverb	nor
näst	adverb	swe	nest	adverb	nor
nästan	adverb	swe	mesta	adverb	nor
nästan	adverb	swe	nestan	adverb	nor
nästan	adverb	swe	nesten	adverb	nor
nästan	adverb	swe	nærom	adverb	nor
någonsin	adverb	swe	noen gang	adverb	nor
någonsin	adverb	swe	noen gong	adverb	nor
någonsin	adverb	swe	noensinne	adverb	nor
någonsin	adverb	swe	nokon gong	adverb	nor
någonsin	adverb	swe	nokonsinne	adverb	nor
någonsin	adverb	swe	nokosinne	adverb	nor
någorlunda	adverb	swe	noenlunde	adverb	nor
någorlunda	adverb	swe	nokoleis	adverb	nor
någorlunda	adverb	swe	nokolunde	adverb	nor
oavsett	adverb	swe	uansett	adverb	nor
ock	adverb	swe	også	adverb	nor
ock	adverb	swe	òg	adverb	nor
också	adverb	swe	ogso	adverb	nor
också	adverb	swe	også	adverb	nor
också	adverb	swe	òg	adverb	nor
också	adverb	swe	óg	adverb	nor
offside	adverb	swe	offside	adverb	nor
ofta	adverb	swe	jamnan	adverb	nor
ofta	adverb	swe	jamnast	adverb	nor
ofta	adverb	swe	oftast	adverb	nor
ofta	adverb	swe	ofte	adverb	nor
ofta	adverb	swe	oftere	adverb	nor
ofta	adverb	swe	oftest	adverb	nor
ofta	adverb	swe	jamnan	adverb	nor
olyckligtvis	adverb	swe	ulykkelegvis	adverb	nor
olyckligtvis	adverb	swe	ulykkeligvis	adverb	nor
omkring	adverb	swe	omkring	adverb	nor
omsider	adverb	swe	omsider	adverb	nor
osv	adverb	swe	osb	adverb	nor
osv	adverb	swe	osv	adverb	nor
parlando	adverb	swe	parlando	adverb	nor
partout	adverb	swe	partout	adverb	nor
parvis	adverb	swe	parvis	adverb	nor
per capita	adverb	swe	per capita	adverb	nor
pianissimo	adverb	swe	pianissimo	adverb	nor
piano	adverb	swe	piano	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	bekande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	bekende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	blikande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	blikende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	blikkende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	bommande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	bommende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	dammande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	dammende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	dorg	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	dorgande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	dorgende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	dønn	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	dørg	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	dørgande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	dørgende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	fullt ut	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	glugg	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	heilende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	heilt	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	helt	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	jamt	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	jevnt	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	klin	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	klink	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	klinkande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	klinkende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	kolande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	kolende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	kvekk	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	mo	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	mukk	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	mukkande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	mukkende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	murande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	murende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	musande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	musende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	naggande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	naggende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	pakkande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	pakkende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	pinnande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	pinnende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	plent	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	plitt	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	pukka	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	ratt	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	skita	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	skyllande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	skyllende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	spent	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	sprut	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	sprutande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	sprutende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	sprøyte	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	stapp	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	stappa	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	stappande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	stappende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	steins	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	stokkande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	stokkende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	søkk	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	søkkande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	søkkende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	tjokkande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	tjokkende	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	tjåkande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	trill	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	trillande	adverb	nor
pin	adverb	swe	trillende	adverb	nor
pizzicato	adverb	swe	pizzicato	adverb	nor
pladask	adverb	swe	pladask	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	bekande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	bekende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	blikande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	blikende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	blikkende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	bommande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	bommende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	dammande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	dammende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	dorg	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	dorgande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	dorgende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	dønn	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	dørg	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	dørgande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	dørgende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	fullt ut	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	glugg	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	heilende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	heilt	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	helt	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	jamt	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	jevnt	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	klin	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	klink	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	klinkande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	klinkende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	kolande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	kolende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	kvekk	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	mo	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	mukk	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	mukkande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	mukkende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	murande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	murende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	musande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	musende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	naggande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	naggende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	pakkande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	pakkende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	pinnande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	pinnende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	plent	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	plitt	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	pukka	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	ratt	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	skita	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	skyllande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	skyllende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	spent	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	sprut	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	sprutande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	sprutende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	sprøyte	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	stapp	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	stappa	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	stappande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	stappende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	steins	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	stokkande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	stokkende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	søkk	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	søkkande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	søkkende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	tjokkande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	tjokkende	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	tjåkande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	trill	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	trillande	adverb	nor
platt	adverb	swe	trillende	adverb	nor
post festum	adverb	swe	post festum	adverb	nor
presto	adverb	swe	presto	adverb	nor
privatim	adverb	swe	privatim	adverb	nor
prompt	adverb	swe	prompt	adverb	nor
punktvis	adverb	swe	punktvis	adverb	nor
redan	adverb	swe	allerede	adverb	nor
redan	adverb	swe	allereie	adverb	nor
redan	adverb	swe	longe	adverb	nor
relativt	adverb	swe	ganske	adverb	nor
rimligen	adverb	swe	rimelegvis	adverb	nor
rimligen	adverb	swe	rimeligvis	adverb	nor
rimligtvis	adverb	swe	rimelegvis	adverb	nor
rimligtvis	adverb	swe	rimeligvis	adverb	nor
ritardando	adverb	swe	ritardando	adverb	nor
ryckvis	adverb	swe	flagevis	adverb	nor
ryckvis	adverb	swe	rykkevis	adverb	nor
ryckvis	adverb	swe	rykkvis	adverb	nor
rätt	adverb	swe	rett og slett	adverb	nor
rätt	adverb	swe	rett	adverb	nor
rätt	adverb	swe	til sin rett	adverb	nor
sammaledes	adverb	swe	likeeins	adverb	nor
sammaledes	adverb	swe	likeledes	adverb	nor
sammalunda	adverb	swe	likeeins	adverb	nor
sammalunda	adverb	swe	likeledes	adverb	nor
samman	adverb	swe	ihop	adverb	nor
samman	adverb	swe	saman	adverb	nor
samman	adverb	swe	samen	adverb	nor
samman	adverb	swe	sammen	adverb	nor
sedan	adverb	swe	sidan	adverb	nor
sedan	adverb	swe	siden	adverb	nor
sedermera	adverb	swe	sidan	adverb	nor
sedermera	adverb	swe	siden	adverb	nor
senare	adverb	swe	seinare	adverb	nor
senare	adverb	swe	senere	adverb	nor
senast	adverb	swe	seinst	adverb	nor
senast	adverb	swe	senest	adverb	nor
si	adverb	swe	so	adverb	nor
si	adverb	swe	så	adverb	nor
sic	adverb	swe	sic	adverb	nor
sjuckert	adverb	swe	godt	adverb	nor
sjusärdeles	adverb	swe	flettande	adverb	nor
sjusärdeles	adverb	swe	hentande	adverb	nor
sjusärdeles	adverb	swe	serdeles	adverb	nor
sjusärdeles	adverb	swe	særdeles	adverb	nor
sjusärdeles	adverb	swe	særs	adverb	nor
självfallet	adverb	swe	selvfølgelig	adverb	nor
självfallet	adverb	swe	sjølvsagt	adverb	nor
småningom	adverb	swe	efterhvert	adverb	nor
småningom	adverb	swe	etter hand	adverb	nor
småningom	adverb	swe	etter hvert	adverb	nor
småningom	adverb	swe	etter kvart	adverb	nor
småningom	adverb	swe	etterhvert	adverb	nor
småningom	adverb	swe	etterhånden	adverb	nor
småningom	adverb	swe	etterkvart	adverb	nor
snabbt	adverb	swe	fort	adverb	nor
snart	adverb	swe	snart	adverb	nor
splitter	adverb	swe	spika	adverb	nor
splitter	adverb	swe	spikande	adverb	nor
splitter	adverb	swe	spikende	adverb	nor
splitter	adverb	swe	spilder	adverb	nor
splitter	adverb	swe	spildrande	adverb	nor
splitter	adverb	swe	spildrende	adverb	nor
splitter	adverb	swe	splinter	adverb	nor
splitter	adverb	swe	splitter	adverb	nor
stegvis	adverb	swe	trinnvis	adverb	nor
strax	adverb	swe	rett	adverb	nor
strax	adverb	swe	straks	adverb	nor
städse	adverb	swe	stadig	adverb	nor
städse	adverb	swe	stetse	adverb	nor
ständigt	adverb	swe	alljamt	adverb	nor
ständigt	adverb	swe	allstøtt	adverb	nor
ständigt	adverb	swe	alltid	adverb	nor
ständigt	adverb	swe	alltids	adverb	nor
ständigt	adverb	swe	eikorleis	adverb	nor
ständigt	adverb	swe	eileis	adverb	nor
ständigt	adverb	swe	einsleis	adverb	nor
stört	adverb	swe	ganske	adverb	nor
svårligen	adverb	swe	pyton	adverb	nor
svårligen	adverb	swe	skeis	adverb	nor
synnerligen	adverb	swe	flettande	adverb	nor
synnerligen	adverb	swe	hentande	adverb	nor
synnerligen	adverb	swe	serdeles	adverb	nor
synnerligen	adverb	swe	særdeles	adverb	nor
synnerligen	adverb	swe	særs	adverb	nor
säkerligen	adverb	swe	sikkerleg	adverb	nor
säkerligen	adverb	swe	sikkerlig	adverb	nor
sällan	adverb	swe	sjeldan	adverb	nor
sällan	adverb	swe	sjelden	adverb	nor
särdeles	adverb	swe	flettande	adverb	nor
särdeles	adverb	swe	gjert	adverb	nor
särdeles	adverb	swe	hentande	adverb	nor
särdeles	adverb	swe	hundig	adverb	nor
särdeles	adverb	swe	serdeles	adverb	nor
särdeles	adverb	swe	særdeles	adverb	nor
särdeles	adverb	swe	særs	adverb	nor
särla	adverb	swe	seint	adverb	nor
särla	adverb	swe	sent	adverb	nor
så	adverb	swe	so	adverb	nor
så	adverb	swe	så	adverb	nor
således	adverb	swe	soleis	adverb	nor
således	adverb	swe	således	adverb	nor
således	adverb	swe	såleis	adverb	nor
sålunda	adverb	swe	soleis	adverb	nor
sålunda	adverb	swe	således	adverb	nor
sålunda	adverb	swe	såleis	adverb	nor
sån	adverb	swe	slik	adverb	nor
sån	adverb	swe	sådan	adverb	nor
sån	adverb	swe	såleis	adverb	nor
sån	adverb	swe	sånn	adverb	nor
söderut	adverb	swe	sydpå	adverb	nor
söderut	adverb	swe	sørpå	adverb	nor
söderöver	adverb	swe	sydpå	adverb	nor
söderöver	adverb	swe	sørpå	adverb	nor
sönder	adverb	swe	sunder	adverb	nor
sönder	adverb	swe	sønder	adverb	nor
tidigare	adverb	swe	tidlegare	adverb	nor
tidigare	adverb	swe	tidligere	adverb	nor
till exempel	adverb	swe	for eksempel	adverb	nor
till exempel	adverb	swe	til dømes	adverb	nor
tillbaka	adverb	swe	tilbake	adverb	nor
tillbaka	adverb	swe	tilbake	adverb	nor
tillfälligtvis	adverb	swe	tilfeldigvis	adverb	nor
tillhopa	adverb	swe	tilsaman	adverb	nor
tillhopa	adverb	swe	tilsammen	adverb	nor
tillnärmelsevis	adverb	swe	på langt nær	adverb	nor
tillnärmelsevis	adverb	swe	tilnærmelsesvis	adverb	nor
tillsamman	adverb	swe	ihop	adverb	nor
tillsamman	adverb	swe	saman	adverb	nor
tillsamman	adverb	swe	samen	adverb	nor
tillsamman	adverb	swe	sammen	adverb	nor
tillsammans	adverb	swe	saman	adverb	nor
tillsammans	adverb	swe	sammen	adverb	nor
tillsammans	adverb	swe	tilsaman	adverb	nor
tillsammans	adverb	swe	tilsammen	adverb	nor
troligen	adverb	swe	sannsynlegvis	adverb	nor
troligen	adverb	swe	sannsynligvis	adverb	nor
troligtvis	adverb	swe	sannsynlegvis	adverb	nor
troligtvis	adverb	swe	sannsynligvis	adverb	nor
tvärs	adverb	swe	tvers	adverb	nor
tydligen	adverb	swe	tydelegvis	adverb	nor
tydligen	adverb	swe	tydeligvis	adverb	nor
tydligtvis	adverb	swe	tydelegvis	adverb	nor
tydligtvis	adverb	swe	tydeligvis	adverb	nor
tyvärr	adverb	swe	dess verre	adverb	nor
tyvärr	adverb	swe	dessverre	adverb	nor
tyvärr	adverb	swe	di verre	adverb	nor
tyvärr	adverb	swe	diverre	adverb	nor
tämligen	adverb	swe	hardla	adverb	nor
tämligen	adverb	swe	temmeleg	adverb	nor
tämligen	adverb	swe	temmelig	adverb	nor
tämligen	adverb	swe	tolig	adverb	nor
tämligen	adverb	swe	tolug	adverb	nor
tämligen	adverb	swe	tålig	adverb	nor
törhända	adverb	swe	kan hende	adverb	nor
törhända	adverb	swe	kanskje	adverb	nor
törhända	adverb	swe	moglegvis	adverb	nor
törhända	adverb	swe	muligens	adverb	nor
ultimo	adverb	swe	ultimo	adverb	nor
ungefär	adverb	swe	cirka	adverb	nor
uppe	adverb	swe	der oppe	adverb	nor
upptill	adverb	swe	ovan	adverb	nor
upptill	adverb	swe	oven	adverb	nor
uppåt	adverb	swe	oppad	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	drita	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	eiande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	eiende	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	eitrande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	eitrende	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	gandande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	gorande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	gorr	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	gorrende	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	gørr	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	gørrande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	gørrende	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	hakkande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	hakkende	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	hoggande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	hoggende	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	jamt over	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	jevnt over	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	kav	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	kavande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	kavende	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	knøtrande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	knøtrende	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	knøttande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	knøttende	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	lut	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	luta	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	lutande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	lutende	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	meget	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	naudande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	nauende	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	pinande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	pinende	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	ramande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	rammande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	rammende	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	snyt	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	snyta	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	snyte	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	staurande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	staurende	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	steika	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	ørande	adverb	nor
urbota	adverb	swe	ørende	adverb	nor
utanför	adverb	swe	utanfor	adverb	nor
utanför	adverb	swe	ute	adverb	nor
utanför	adverb	swe	ute	adverb	nor
utanför	adverb	swe	utenfor	adverb	nor
ute	adverb	swe	utanfor	adverb	nor
ute	adverb	swe	ute	adverb	nor
ute	adverb	swe	ute	adverb	nor
ute	adverb	swe	utenfor	adverb	nor
uteslutande	adverb	swe	utelukkande	adverb	nor
uteslutande	adverb	swe	utelukkende	adverb	nor
utifrån	adverb	swe	ut fra	adverb	nor
utifrån	adverb	swe	ut frå	adverb	nor
utomhus	adverb	swe	utandørs	adverb	nor
utomhus	adverb	swe	utendørs	adverb	nor
vad	adverb	swe	hva	adverb	nor
vad	adverb	swe	kva	adverb	nor
vafalls	adverb	swe	hva	adverb	nor
vafalls	adverb	swe	kva	adverb	nor
vanligen	adverb	swe	sedvanlegvis	adverb	nor
vanligen	adverb	swe	sedvanligvis	adverb	nor
vanligen	adverb	swe	vanlegvis	adverb	nor
vanligen	adverb	swe	vanligvis	adverb	nor
var	adverb	swe	hvor	adverb	nor
var	adverb	swe	kor	adverb	nor
var	adverb	swe	kvar	adverb	nor
varav	adverb	swe	hvorav	adverb	nor
varav	adverb	swe	korav	adverb	nor
varför	adverb	swe	hvi	adverb	nor
varför	adverb	swe	hvorfor	adverb	nor
varför	adverb	swe	korfor	adverb	nor
varför	adverb	swe	kvi	adverb	nor
varför	adverb	swe	kvifor	adverb	nor
varför	adverb	swe	åffer	adverb	nor
vari	adverb	swe	der	adverb	nor
vartill	adverb	swe	der	adverb	nor
vartill	adverb	swe	hvortil	adverb	nor
verkligen	adverb	swe	verkeleg	adverb	nor
verkligen	adverb	swe	virkelig	adverb	nor
verkligen	adverb	swe	faktisk	adverb	nor
vice versa	adverb	swe	vice versa	adverb	nor
vintertid	adverb	swe	vinterstid	adverb	nor
visst	adverb	swe	visst	adverb	nor
vivace	adverb	swe	vivace	adverb	nor
väl	adverb	swe	vel	adverb	nor
välan	adverb	swe	vel	adverb	nor
väldigt	adverb	swe	liddeleg	adverb	nor
väldigt	adverb	swe	liddelig	adverb	nor
väldigt	adverb	swe	veldig	adverb	nor
växelvis	adverb	swe	vekselvis	adverb	nor
ytterligare	adverb	swe	ytterlegare	adverb	nor
ytterligare	adverb	swe	ytterligere	adverb	nor
ytterst	adverb	swe	tylt	adverb	nor
ytterst	adverb	swe	ytterst	adverb	nor
à la carte	adverb	swe	à la carte	adverb	nor
än	adverb	swe	enda	adverb	nor
än	adverb	swe	endå	adverb	nor
än	adverb	swe	enn	adverb	nor
än	adverb	swe	enno	adverb	nor
än	adverb	swe	ennu	adverb	nor
än	adverb	swe	ennå	adverb	nor
ändock	adverb	swe	dog	adverb	nor
ändock	adverb	swe	endå	adverb	nor
ändå	adverb	swe	altso	adverb	nor
ändå	adverb	swe	altså	adverb	nor
ändå	adverb	swe	enno	adverb	nor
ändå	adverb	swe	ennå	adverb	nor
ännu	adverb	swe	enda	adverb	nor
ännu	adverb	swe	endå	adverb	nor
ännu	adverb	swe	enno	adverb	nor
ännu	adverb	swe	ennu	adverb	nor
ännu	adverb	swe	ennå	adverb	nor
även	adverb	swe	sjølv	adverb	nor
även	adverb	swe	selv	adverb	nor
även	adverb	swe	òg	adverb	nor
även	adverb	swe	også	adverb	nor
ånyo	adverb	swe	igjen	adverb	nor
åter	adverb	swe	atter	adverb	nor
åter	adverb	swe	ender	adverb	nor
åtminstone	adverb	swe	minst	adverb	nor
åtminstone	adverb	swe	vissa	adverb	nor
överallt	adverb	swe	overalt	adverb	nor
ihåg	adverb	swe	i hug	adverb	nor
t.ex.	adverb	swe	t.d.	adverb	nor
t.ex.	adverb	swe	f.eks.	adverb	nor
dvs	adverb	swe	dvs	adverb	nor
m.fl.	adverb	swe	m.fl.	adverb	nor
m.fl.	adverb	swe	et al	adverb	nor
bl.a.	adverb	swe	bl.a.	adverb	nor
osv	adverb	swe	osb	adverb	nor
osv	adverb	swe	osv	adverb	nor
etc	adverb	swe	etc	adverb	nor
etc.	adverb	swe	etc.	adverb	nor
mm	adverb	swe	mm	adverb	nor
mm.	adverb	swe	mm.	adverb	nor
mvh	adverb	swe	mvh	adverb	nor
mvh.	adverb	swe	mvh.	adverb	nor
förmodligen	adverb	swe	venteleg	adverb	nor
förmodligen	adverb	swe	formodentlig	adverb	nor
slutligen	adverb	swe	til slutt	adverb	nor
enkelt	adverb	swe	enkelt	adverb	nor
ursprungligen	adverb	swe	opphavleg	adverb	nor
ursprungligen	adverb	swe	opprinnelig	adverb	nor
egentligen	adverb	swe	eigentleg	adverb	nor
egentligen	adverb	swe	egentlig	adverb	nor
ned	adverb	swe	ned	adverb	nor
ner	adverb	swe	ned	adverb	nor
ner	adverb	swe	ner	adverb	nor
huvudsakligen	adverb	swe	hovudsakeleg	adverb	nor
huvudsakligen	adverb	swe	hovedsakelig	adverb	nor
framförallt	adverb	swe	hovudsakeleg	adverb	nor
framförallt	adverb	swe	hovedsakelig	adverb	nor
främst	adverb	swe	hovudsakeleg	adverb	nor
främst	adverb	swe	hovedsakelig	adverb	nor
i synnerhet	adverb	swe	særleg	adverb	nor
i synnerhet	adverb	swe	særlig	adverb	nor
vara¹	verb	swe	vere	verb	nor
vara¹	verb	swe	være	verb	nor
vara²	verb	swe	vare	verb	nor
ha	verb	swe	ha	verb	nor
skola¹	verb	swe	skulle	verb	nor
skola²	verb	swe	skole	verb	nor
skola²	verb	swe	skolere	verb	nor
vilja	verb	swe	vilje	verb	nor
vilja	verb	swe	ville	verb	nor
böra	verb	swe	burde	verb	nor
må²	verb	swe	måtte	verb	nor
må¹	verb	swe	gå	verb	nor
måste	verb	swe	måtte	verb	nor
få	verb	swe	måtte	verb	nor
få	verb	swe	få	verb	nor
få	verb	swe	kunne	verb	nor
kunna	verb	swe	kunne	verb	nor
orka	verb	swe	kunne	verb	nor
orka	verb	swe	orke	verb	nor
bli	verb	swe	bli	verb	nor
bli	verb	swe	blive	verb	nor
återfå	verb	swe	få tilbake	verb	nor
abdikera	verb	swe	abdisere	verb	nor
abonnera	verb	swe	abonnere	verb	nor
abortera	verb	swe	abortere	verb	nor
absorbera	verb	swe	absorbere	verb	nor
abstrahera	verb	swe	abstrahere	verb	nor
accelerera	verb	swe	akselerere	verb	nor
accentuera	verb	swe	aksentuere	verb	nor
accentuera	verb	swe	framheve	verb	nor
accentuera	verb	swe	fremheve	verb	nor
acceptera	verb	swe	akseptere	verb	nor
ackompanjera	verb	swe	akkompagnere	verb	nor
ackordera	verb	swe	akkordere	verb	nor
ackreditera	verb	swe	akkreditere	verb	nor
ackumulera	verb	swe	akkumulere	verb	nor
adaptera	verb	swe	adaptere	verb	nor
addera	verb	swe	addere	verb	nor
adla	verb	swe	adle	verb	nor
administrera	verb	swe	administrere	verb	nor
adoptera	verb	swe	adoptere	verb	nor
adoptera	verb	swe	ættleie	verb	nor
adressera	verb	swe	adressere	verb	nor
agera	verb	swe	agere	verb	nor
agglutinera	verb	swe	agglutinere	verb	nor
agitera	verb	swe	agitere	verb	nor
ajournera	verb	swe	utsetje	verb	nor
ajournera	verb	swe	utsette	verb	nor
akta	verb	swe	akte	verb	nor
aktivera	verb	swe	aktivere	verb	nor
aktualisera	verb	swe	aktualisere	verb	nor
alarmera	verb	swe	alarmere	verb	nor
alfabetisera	verb	swe	alfabetisere	verb	nor
alienera	verb	swe	fremmedgjøre	verb	nor
alienera	verb	swe	fremmendgjere	verb	nor
alienera	verb	swe	fremmendgjøre	verb	nor
alliera	verb	swe	alliere	verb	nor
allitterera	verb	swe	allitterere	verb	nor
allmänbilda	verb	swe	allmennutdanne	verb	nor
allokera	verb	swe	allokere	verb	nor
alludera	verb	swe	alludere	verb	nor
alstra	verb	swe	generere	verb	nor
alternera	verb	swe	alternere	verb	nor
amma	verb	swe	amme	verb	nor
amortera	verb	swe	amortere	verb	nor
amortera	verb	swe	amortisere	verb	nor
amputera	verb	swe	amputere	verb	nor
ana	verb	swe	ane	verb	nor
analysera	verb	swe	analysere	verb	nor
anamma	verb	swe	annamme	verb	nor
anamma	verb	swe	omfamne	verb	nor
anamma	verb	swe	omfavne	verb	nor
anbefalla	verb	swe	anbefale	verb	nor
anbelanga	verb	swe	angå	verb	nor
anbringa	verb	swe	anbringe	verb	nor
anbringa	verb	swe	bringe	verb	nor
andas	adjective	swe	puste	adjective	nor
anfalla	verb	swe	angripe	verb	nor
anfalla	verb	swe	gå til åtak	verb	nor
anfalla	verb	swe	gå til åtak på	verb	nor
anfalla	verb	swe	åtake	verb	nor
anfräta	verb	swe	angripe	verb	nor
anfräta	verb	swe	gå til åtak	verb	nor
anfräta	verb	swe	gå til åtak på	verb	nor
anfräta	verb	swe	åtake	verb	nor
anföra	verb	swe	anføre	verb	nor
anföra	verb	swe	oppføre	verb	nor
anförtro	verb	swe	betro	verb	nor
anförtro	verb	swe	tru seg til	verb	nor
ange	verb	swe	angje	verb	nor
ange	verb	swe	angi	verb	nor
angripa	verb	swe	angripe	verb	nor
angripa	verb	swe	gå til åtak	verb	nor
angripa	verb	swe	gå til åtak på	verb	nor
angripa	verb	swe	åtake	verb	nor
angå	verb	swe	angå	verb	nor
anhopa	verb	swe	akkumulere	verb	nor
anhopa	verb	swe	hauge	verb	nor
anhopa	verb	swe	hope	verb	nor
anhålla	verb	swe	arrestere	verb	nor
animera	verb	swe	animere	verb	nor
animera	verb	swe	oppmuntre	verb	nor
anklaga	verb	swe	anklage	verb	nor
anklaga	verb	swe	skylde	verb	nor
anknyta	verb	swe	tilknytte	verb	nor
ankomma	verb	swe	ankomme	verb	nor
ankomma	verb	swe	komme	verb	nor
ankomma	verb	swe	komme fram	verb	nor
ankra	verb	swe	ankre	verb	nor
anlita	verb	swe	anvende	verb	nor
anlita	verb	swe	bruke	verb	nor
anlita	verb	swe	engasjere	verb	nor
anlita	verb	swe	nytte	verb	nor
anlita	verb	swe	stole	verb	nor
anlägga	verb	swe	anlegge	verb	nor
anlägga	verb	swe	anlegge	verb	nor
anlända	verb	swe	komme	verb	nor
anlända	verb	swe	komme fram	verb	nor
anlända	verb	swe	ankomme	verb	nor
anlöpa	verb	swe	anløpe	verb	nor
anmana	verb	swe	oppfordre	verb	nor
anmoda	verb	swe	anmode	verb	nor
anmoda	verb	swe	be	verb	nor
anmäla	verb	swe	anmelde	verb	nor
anmäla	verb	swe	melde	verb	nor
anmäla	verb	swe	påmelde	verb	nor
anmärka	verb	swe	anmerke	verb	nor
anmärka	verb	swe	notere	verb	nor
annektera	verb	swe	annektere	verb	nor
annonsera	verb	swe	annonsere	verb	nor
annullera	verb	swe	annullere	verb	nor
anodisera	verb	swe	anodisere	verb	nor
anonymisera	verb	swe	anonymisere	verb	nor
anordna	verb	swe	arrangere	verb	nor
anordna	verb	swe	fli	verb	nor
anordna	verb	swe	make	verb	nor
anordna	verb	swe	ordne	verb	nor
anordna	verb	swe	stelle	verb	nor
anpassa	verb	swe	jenke	verb	nor
anpassa	verb	swe	tilpasse	verb	nor
anrika	verb	swe	anrike	verb	nor
anrika	verb	swe	opprike	verb	nor
anropa	verb	swe	anrope	verb	nor
anropa	verb	swe	ringe	verb	nor
anrätta	verb	swe	gjere	verb	nor
anrätta	verb	swe	anrette	verb	nor
anse	verb	swe	sjå på	verb	nor
anse	verb	swe	rekne for	verb	nor
anse	verb	swe	anse	verb	nor
anse vara	verb	swe	rekne som	verb	nor
anse vara	verb	swe	anse for å være	verb	nor
anskaffa	verb	swe	anskaffe	verb	nor
anskaffa	verb	swe	skaffe	verb	nor
ansluta	verb	swe	delta	verb	nor
ansluta	verb	swe	knyte til	verb	nor
ansluta	verb	swe	tilslutte	verb	nor
anslå	verb	swe	anslå	verb	nor
anstränga	verb	swe	anstrenge	verb	nor
anställa	verb	swe	ansette	verb	nor
anställa	verb	swe	tilsetje	verb	nor
ansätta	verb	swe	angripe	verb	nor
ansätta	verb	swe	gå til åtak	verb	nor
ansätta	verb	swe	gå til åtak på	verb	nor
ansätta	verb	swe	åtake	verb	nor
ansöka	verb	swe	ansøke	verb	nor
ansöka	verb	swe	søkje	verb	nor
anta	verb	swe	anta	verb	nor
anteckna	verb	swe	notere	verb	nor
anträda	verb	swe	starte	verb	nor
anträffa	verb	swe	finne	verb	nor
antyda	verb	swe	antyde	verb	nor
antända	verb	swe	antenne	verb	nor
anvisa	verb	swe	anvise	verb	nor
använda	verb	swe	anvende	verb	nor
använda	verb	swe	bruke	verb	nor
använda	verb	swe	bruke	verb	nor
använda	verb	swe	nytte	verb	nor
apostrofera	verb	swe	apostrofere	verb	nor
appellera	verb	swe	appellere	verb	nor
applicera	verb	swe	applisere	verb	nor
applådera	verb	swe	applaudere	verb	nor
apportera	verb	swe	apportere	verb	nor
aptera	verb	swe	aptere	verb	nor
arbeta	verb	swe	arbeide	verb	nor
arbeta	verb	swe	jobbe	verb	nor
argumentera	verb	swe	argumentere	verb	nor
arkebusera	verb	swe	arkebusere	verb	nor
arkivera	verb	swe	arkivere	verb	nor
armera	verb	swe	armere	verb	nor
arrangera	verb	swe	arrangere	verb	nor
arrendera	verb	swe	forpakte	verb	nor
arrendera	verb	swe	pakte	verb	nor
arrestera	verb	swe	arrestere	verb	nor
artikulera	verb	swe	artikulere	verb	nor
asa	verb	swe	gli	verb	nor
asa	verb	swe	glide	verb	nor
asfaltera	verb	swe	asfaltere	verb	nor
aspirera	verb	swe	aspirere	verb	nor
assimilera	verb	swe	assimilere	verb	nor
assistera	verb	swe	assistere	verb	nor
assistera	verb	swe	hjelpe	verb	nor
associera	verb	swe	assosiere	verb	nor
attackera	verb	swe	angripe	verb	nor
attackera	verb	swe	attakkere	verb	nor
attackera	verb	swe	gå til åtak	verb	nor
attackera	verb	swe	gå til åtak på	verb	nor
attackera	verb	swe	åtake	verb	nor
attestera	verb	swe	attestere	verb	nor
attrahera	verb	swe	attrahere	verb	nor
auktionera	verb	swe	auksjonere	verb	nor
auktorisera	verb	swe	autorisere	verb	nor
auktorisera	verb	swe	godkjenne	verb	nor
automatisera	verb	swe	automatisere	verb	nor
avancera	verb	swe	avansere	verb	nor
avancera	verb	swe	fremme	verb	nor
avancera	verb	swe	fremme	verb	nor
avbeställa	verb	swe	avbestille	verb	nor
avbetala	verb	swe	avbetale	verb	nor
avbilda	verb	swe	avbilde	verb	nor
avblåsa	verb	swe	avblåse	verb	nor
avboka	verb	swe	avbooke	verb	nor
avbryta	verb	swe	avbryte	verb	nor
avbryta	verb	swe	stoppe	verb	nor
avdela	verb	swe	avdele	verb	nor
avdramatisera	verb	swe	avdramatisere	verb	nor
avdunsta	verb	swe	evaporere	verb	nor
avdunsta	verb	swe	fordampe	verb	nor
avdunsta	verb	swe	fordunste	verb	nor
avfatta	verb	swe	utforme	verb	nor
avfyra	verb	swe	avfyre	verb	nor
avfärda	verb	swe	avvise	verb	nor
avföra	verb	swe	avføre	verb	nor
avgiftsbelägga	verb	swe	avgiftsbelegge	verb	nor
avgiftsbelägga	verb	swe	avgiftsbelegge	verb	nor
avgränsa	verb	swe	avgrense	verb	nor
avguda	verb	swe	avgude	verb	nor
avguda	verb	swe	forgude	verb	nor
avgå	verb	swe	avgå	verb	nor
avgöra	verb	swe	avgjere	verb	nor
avgöra	verb	swe	avgjøre	verb	nor
avhandla	verb	swe	akkedere	verb	nor
avhandla	verb	swe	forhandle	verb	nor
avhjälpa	verb	swe	avhjelpe	verb	nor
avhumanisera	verb	swe	umenneskeleggjere	verb	nor
avhumanisera	verb	swe	umenneskeliggjøre	verb	nor
avhända	verb	swe	avhende	verb	nor
avhålla	verb	swe	avstå	verb	nor
avisera	verb	swe	annonsere	verb	nor
avisera	verb	swe	informere	verb	nor
avisera	verb	swe	underrette	verb	nor
avjämna	verb	swe	jamne ut	verb	nor
avjämna	verb	swe	utjevne	verb	nor
avklara	verb	swe	avklare	verb	nor
avklä	verb	swe	avkle	verb	nor
avkolonisera	verb	swe	avkolonisere	verb	nor
avkorta	verb	swe	avkorte	verb	nor
avkriminalisera	verb	swe	avkriminalisere	verb	nor
avkunna	verb	swe	kunngjere	verb	nor
avkunna	verb	swe	kunngjøre	verb	nor
avkunna	verb	swe	levere	verb	nor
avla	verb	swe	ale	verb	nor
avla	verb	swe	avle	verb	nor
avlasta	verb	swe	avlaste	verb	nor
avleda	verb	swe	avlede	verb	nor
avleda	verb	swe	avleie	verb	nor
avliva	verb	swe	avlive	verb	nor
avlossa	verb	swe	lausne	verb	nor
avlossa	verb	swe	løsne	verb	nor
avlossa	verb	swe	løyse	verb	nor
avlyssna	verb	swe	avlytte	verb	nor
avlägga	verb	swe	avlegge	verb	nor
avlägga	verb	swe	avlegge	verb	nor
avlämna	verb	swe	avlevere	verb	nor
avläsa	verb	swe	avlese	verb	nor
avlåta	verb	swe	overdra	verb	nor
avlöna	verb	swe	gasjere	verb	nor
avlöna	verb	swe	lønne	verb	nor
avlöna	verb	swe	lønne	verb	nor
avlösa	verb	swe	avløse	verb	nor
avlösa	verb	swe	avløyse	verb	nor
avmystifiera	verb	swe	avmystifisere	verb	nor
avpassa	verb	swe	jenke	verb	nor
avpassa	verb	swe	justere	verb	nor
avpassa	verb	swe	måte	verb	nor
avpassa	verb	swe	tilpasse	verb	nor
avpolitisera	verb	swe	avpolitisere	verb	nor
avpollettera	verb	swe	heimsende	verb	nor
avpollettera	verb	swe	hjemsende	verb	nor
avpollettera	verb	swe	sende heim	verb	nor
avpollettera	verb	swe	sende hjem	verb	nor
avreagera	verb	swe	avreagere	verb	nor
avregistrera	verb	swe	avregistrere	verb	nor
avreglera	verb	swe	deregulere	verb	nor
avresa	verb	swe	avreise	verb	nor
avresa	verb	swe	reise	verb	nor
avrunda	verb	swe	avrunde	verb	nor
avräkna	verb	swe	avregne	verb	nor
avräkna	verb	swe	avrekne	verb	nor
avrätta	verb	swe	avrette	verb	nor
avrätta	verb	swe	drepe	verb	nor
avrätta	verb	swe	utføre	verb	nor
avråda	verb	swe	avråde	verb	nor
avråda	verb	swe	frarå	verb	nor
avråda	verb	swe	rå mot	verb	nor
avse	verb	swe	avsjå	verb	nor
avse	verb	swe	avse	verb	nor
avse	verb	swe	ha til hensikt	verb	nor
avse	verb	swe	meine	verb	nor
avse	verb	swe	mene	verb	nor
avse	verb	swe	sikte til	verb	nor
avskaffa	verb	swe	avskaffe	verb	nor
avskilja	verb	swe	adskille	verb	nor
avskilja	verb	swe	skilje åt	verb	nor
avskräcka	verb	swe	avskrekke	verb	nor
avskräcka	verb	swe	skremme	verb	nor
avsky	verb	swe	avsky	verb	nor
avskära	verb	swe	avskjere	verb	nor
avskära	verb	swe	avskjære	verb	nor
avskärma	verb	swe	avskjerme	verb	nor
avsluta	verb	swe	avslutte	verb	nor
avsluta	verb	swe	ende	verb	nor
avsluta	verb	swe	slutte	verb	nor
avslå	verb	swe	avslå	verb	nor
avslöja	verb	swe	avsløre	verb	nor
avslöja	verb	swe	røpe	verb	nor
avspegla	verb	swe	avspegle	verb	nor
avspegla	verb	swe	avspeile	verb	nor
avspisa	verb	swe	avete	verb	nor
avspisa	verb	swe	avspise	verb	nor
avspärra	verb	swe	avsperre	verb	nor
avstanna	verb	swe	hevle	verb	nor
avstanna	verb	swe	stane	verb	nor
avstanna	verb	swe	stanse	verb	nor
avstanna	verb	swe	stoppe	verb	nor
avstyra	verb	swe	avverge	verb	nor
avstyra	verb	swe	avverje	verb	nor
avstyra	verb	swe	forebygge	verb	nor
avstyra	verb	swe	forhindre	verb	nor
avstyra	verb	swe	førebygge	verb	nor
avstyra	verb	swe	førebygge	verb	nor
avstyra	verb	swe	hindre	verb	nor
avstyrka	verb	swe	avvise	verb	nor
avstyrka	verb	swe	forkaste	verb	nor
avstämma	verb	swe	avstemme	verb	nor
avstänga	verb	swe	avstenge	verb	nor
avstå	verb	swe	avstå	verb	nor
avsyna	verb	swe	syne	verb	nor
avsäga	verb	swe	avsi	verb	nor
avsäga	verb	swe	kunngjere	verb	nor
avsända	verb	swe	avsende	verb	nor
avsända	verb	swe	sende	verb	nor
avsätta	verb	swe	avsetje	verb	nor
avsätta	verb	swe	avsette	verb	nor
avta	verb	swe	avta	verb	nor
avtala	verb	swe	avtale	verb	nor
avteckna	verb	swe	avtegne	verb	nor
avteckna	verb	swe	avteikne	verb	nor
avtjäna	verb	swe	avtene	verb	nor
avtjäna	verb	swe	avtjene	verb	nor
avtrappa	verb	swe	avtrappe	verb	nor
avtrubba	verb	swe	sløve	verb	nor
avtåga	verb	swe	forlate	verb	nor
avundas	adjective	swe	avunde	adjective	nor
avundas	adjective	swe	misunne	adjective	nor
avveckla	verb	swe	avvikle	verb	nor
avverka	verb	swe	avslutte	verb	nor
avverka	verb	swe	hauste	verb	nor
avverka	verb	swe	høste	verb	nor
avvika	verb	swe	avvike	verb	nor
avvisa	verb	swe	avvise	verb	nor
avväga	verb	swe	balansere	verb	nor
avväpna	verb	swe	avvæpne	verb	nor
avvärja	verb	swe	avverje	verb	nor
avyttra	verb	swe	selge	verb	nor
avyttra	verb	swe	selje	verb	nor
aväta	verb	swe	ete	verb	nor
aväta	verb	swe	spise	verb	nor
axla	verb	swe	aksle	verb	nor
axla	verb	swe	overta	verb	nor
babbla	verb	swe	glafse	verb	nor
babbla	verb	swe	plapre	verb	nor
backa	verb	swe	bakke	verb	nor
backa	verb	swe	rygge	verb	nor
backa	verb	swe	rygge	verb	nor
bada	verb	swe	bade	verb	nor
badda	verb	swe	fukte	verb	nor
bagatellisera	verb	swe	bagatellisere	verb	nor
baka	verb	swe	bake	verb	nor
bakbinda	verb	swe	bakbinde	verb	nor
baktala	verb	swe	baksnakke	verb	nor
baktala	verb	swe	baktale	verb	nor
balansera	verb	swe	balansere	verb	nor
banalisera	verb	swe	banalisere	verb	nor
banka	verb	swe	banke	verb	nor
bannlysa	verb	swe	bannlyse	verb	nor
bannlysa	verb	swe	bannsetje	verb	nor
bannlysa	verb	swe	bannsette	verb	nor
bannlysa	verb	swe	forvise	verb	nor
banta	verb	swe	slanke	verb	nor
barra	verb	swe	tape	verb	nor
barrikadera	verb	swe	barrikadere	verb	nor
basera	verb	swe	basere	verb	nor
baxa	verb	swe	bakse	verb	nor
baxa	verb	swe	kakse	verb	nor
baxa	verb	swe	kave	verb	nor
baxa	verb	swe	kjave	verb	nor
be	verb	swe	be	verb	nor
be	verb	swe	bede	verb	nor
beakta	verb	swe	betrakte	verb	nor
beakta	verb	swe	forvente	verb	nor
beakta	verb	swe	vurdere	verb	nor
bearbeta	verb	swe	bearbeide	verb	nor
bearbeta	verb	swe	omarbeide	verb	nor
bebo	verb	swe	bebo	verb	nor
bebo	verb	swe	bu i	verb	nor
bebygga	verb	swe	bebygge	verb	nor
bebygga	verb	swe	bygge ut	verb	nor
bedra	verb	swe	bedra	verb	nor
bedyra	verb	swe	forsikre	verb	nor
bedyra	verb	swe	hevde	verb	nor
bedöma	verb	swe	bedømme	verb	nor
bedöva	verb	swe	anestesere	verb	nor
bedöva	verb	swe	bedøve	verb	nor
befalla	verb	swe	befale	verb	nor
befara	verb	swe	befare	verb	nor
befara	verb	swe	frykte	verb	nor
befara	verb	swe	synfare	verb	nor
befinna	verb	swe	vere	verb	nor
befinna	verb	swe	befinne	verb	nor
befläcka	verb	swe	skjemme ut	verb	nor
befläcka	verb	swe	tilsmusse	verb	nor
befolka	verb	swe	befolke	verb	nor
befolka	verb	swe	folke	verb	nor
befolka	verb	swe	folkesetje	verb	nor
befolka	verb	swe	folkesette	verb	nor
befordra	verb	swe	forfremme	verb	nor
befria	verb	swe	befri	verb	nor
befria	verb	swe	frigi	verb	nor
befria	verb	swe	frigje	verb	nor
befria	verb	swe	frigjere	verb	nor
befria	verb	swe	frita	verb	nor
befria	verb	swe	lauslate	verb	nor
befria	verb	swe	løslate	verb	nor
befrukta	verb	swe	befrukte	verb	nor
befrukta	verb	swe	gjødsle	verb	nor
befrämja	verb	swe	fremme	verb	nor
befrämja	verb	swe	fremme	verb	nor
befästa	verb	swe	befeste	verb	nor
befästa	verb	swe	forskanse	verb	nor
befästa	verb	swe	konsolidere	verb	nor
begabba	verb	swe	spotte	verb	nor
begagna	verb	swe	bruke	verb	nor
begapa	verb	swe	gape	verb	nor
begapa	verb	swe	glope	verb	nor
begrava	verb	swe	begrave	verb	nor
begrava	verb	swe	gravlegge	verb	nor
begrava	verb	swe	gravlegge	verb	nor
begripa	verb	swe	begripe	verb	nor
begripa	verb	swe	fatte	verb	nor
begripa	verb	swe	skjønne	verb	nor
begrunda	verb	swe	begrunne	verb	nor
begrunda	verb	swe	grunngje	verb	nor
begränsa	verb	swe	avgrense	verb	nor
begränsa	verb	swe	begrense	verb	nor
begråta	verb	swe	sørge	verb	nor
begynna	verb	swe	begynne	verb	nor
begynna	verb	swe	byrje	verb	nor
begynna	verb	swe	starte	verb	nor
begära	verb	swe	attrå	verb	nor
begära	verb	swe	begjære	verb	nor
begära	verb	swe	søke	verb	nor
begära	verb	swe	søkje	verb	nor
begå	verb	swe	begå	verb	nor
behaga	verb	swe	behage	verb	nor
behaga	verb	swe	glede	verb	nor
behandla	verb	swe	behandle	verb	nor
behärska	verb	swe	beherske	verb	nor
behärska	verb	swe	meistre	verb	nor
behärska	verb	swe	mestre	verb	nor
behålla	verb	swe	beholde	verb	nor
behålla	verb	swe	halde på	verb	nor
behöva	verb	swe	behøve	verb	nor
behöva	verb	swe	trenge	verb	nor
behöva	verb	swe	trengje	verb	nor
behöva	verb	swe	turve	verb	nor
bejaka	verb	swe	bekrefte	verb	nor
beklaga	verb	swe	beklage	verb	nor
beklä	verb	swe	ekvipere	verb	nor
bekomma	verb	swe	berøre	verb	nor
bekomma	verb	swe	håndfare	verb	nor
bekomma	verb	swe	råke	verb	nor
bekomma	verb	swe	røre	verb	nor
bekomma	verb	swe	tøtsje	verb	nor
bekosta	verb	swe	bekoste	verb	nor
bekosta	verb	swe	koste på	verb	nor
bekosta	verb	swe	påkoste	verb	nor
bekräfta	verb	swe	bekrefte	verb	nor
bekräfta	verb	swe	parafere	verb	nor
bekräfta	verb	swe	stadfeste	verb	nor
bekymra	verb	swe	bekymre	verb	nor
bekämpa	verb	swe	bekjempe	verb	nor
bekämpa	verb	swe	kjempe mot	verb	nor
bekänna	verb	swe	bekjenne	verb	nor
bekänna	verb	swe	tilstå	verb	nor
bekänna	verb	swe	vedkjenne seg	verb	nor
belasta	verb	swe	belaste	verb	nor
belysa	verb	swe	belyse	verb	nor
belysa	verb	swe	formidle	verb	nor
belysa	verb	swe	opplyse	verb	nor
belägga	verb	swe	belegge	verb	nor
belägga	verb	swe	belegge	verb	nor
belägra	verb	swe	beleire	verb	nor
belägra	verb	swe	kringsetje	verb	nor
belåna	verb	swe	belåne	verb	nor
belåna	verb	swe	låne	verb	nor
belöna	verb	swe	belønne	verb	nor
belöna	verb	swe	lønne	verb	nor
bemanna	verb	swe	bemanne	verb	nor
bemyndiga	verb	swe	godkjenne	verb	nor
bemärka	verb	swe	bemerke	verb	nor
bemärka	verb	swe	notere	verb	nor
bemästra	verb	swe	beherske	verb	nor
bemästra	verb	swe	meistre	verb	nor
bemästra	verb	swe	mestre	verb	nor
bemöta	verb	swe	imøtegå	verb	nor
bemöta	verb	swe	reagere	verb	nor
benämna	verb	swe	benevne	verb	nor
benämna	verb	swe	kalle	verb	nor
benåda	verb	swe	benåde	verb	nor
benåda	verb	swe	gje nåde	verb	nor
beordra	verb	swe	beordre	verb	nor
beordra	verb	swe	bestille	verb	nor
bepansra	verb	swe	pansre	verb	nor
bepröva	verb	swe	undersøke	verb	nor
bepröva	verb	swe	undersøkje	verb	nor
bereda	verb	swe	forberede	verb	nor
bereda	verb	swe	førebu	verb	nor
berika	verb	swe	anrike	verb	nor
berika	verb	swe	berike	verb	nor
berika	verb	swe	gjere rik	verb	nor
berika	verb	swe	opprike	verb	nor
bero	verb	swe	avhenge	verb	nor
berusa	verb	swe	beruse	verb	nor
berusa	verb	swe	ruse	verb	nor
beräkna	verb	swe	beregne	verb	nor
beräkna	verb	swe	berekne	verb	nor
beräkna	verb	swe	regne	verb	nor
beräkna	verb	swe	rekne	verb	nor
berätta	verb	swe	argumentere	verb	nor
berätta	verb	swe	fortelje	verb	nor
berätta	verb	swe	fortelle	verb	nor
berömma	verb	swe	fossro	verb	nor
berömma	verb	swe	prise	verb	nor
berömma	verb	swe	ro	verb	nor
beröra	verb	swe	berøre	verb	nor
beröra	verb	swe	håndfare	verb	nor
beröra	verb	swe	råke	verb	nor
beröra	verb	swe	røre	verb	nor
beröra	verb	swe	tøtsje	verb	nor
beröva	verb	swe	berøve	verb	nor
beröva	verb	swe	fråta	verb	nor
bese	verb	swe	bese	verb	nor
besegla	verb	swe	forsegle	verb	nor
besegra	verb	swe	beseire	verb	nor
besegra	verb	swe	overvinne	verb	nor
besiktiga	verb	swe	inspisere	verb	nor
besinna	verb	swe	tenke	verb	nor
besitta	verb	swe	besitte	verb	nor
besitta	verb	swe	rå over	verb	nor
besjäla	verb	swe	besjele	verb	nor
beskatta	verb	swe	beskatte	verb	nor
beskatta	verb	swe	skatte	verb	nor
beskatta	verb	swe	skattlegge	verb	nor
beskatta	verb	swe	skattlegge	verb	nor
beskriva	verb	swe	beskrive	verb	nor
beskriva	verb	swe	skildre	verb	nor
beskydda	verb	swe	beskytte	verb	nor
beskydda	verb	swe	verne	verb	nor
beskylla	verb	swe	anklage	verb	nor
beskylla	verb	swe	beskylde	verb	nor
beskylla	verb	swe	skylde	verb	nor
beskylla	verb	swe	skyldgje	verb	nor
beskära	verb	swe	beskjære	verb	nor
beskära	verb	swe	skjere	verb	nor
beskåda	verb	swe	beskue	verb	nor
beskåda	verb	swe	sjå på	verb	nor
besluta	verb	swe	beslutte	verb	nor
besluta	verb	swe	vedta	verb	nor
beslå	verb	swe	beslå	verb	nor
bespeja	verb	swe	observere	verb	nor
bespisa	verb	swe	bespise	verb	nor
bespisa	verb	swe	fôre	verb	nor
bespruta	verb	swe	sprøyte	verb	nor
besticka	verb	swe	bestikke	verb	nor
besticka	verb	swe	mute	verb	nor
bestiga	verb	swe	bestige	verb	nor
bestiga	verb	swe	stige opp	verb	nor
bestraffa	verb	swe	straffe	verb	nor
bestrida	verb	swe	bestride	verb	nor
bestrida	verb	swe	nekte for	verb	nor
bestråla	verb	swe	bestråle	verb	nor
bestycka	verb	swe	bestykke	verb	nor
bestyra	verb	swe	bestyre	verb	nor
bestyra	verb	swe	styre	verb	nor
beställa	verb	swe	bestille	verb	nor
bestämma	verb	swe	avgjere	verb	nor
bestämma	verb	swe	bestemme	verb	nor
bestämma	verb	swe	bestemme seg	verb	nor
bestå	verb	swe	bestå	verb	nor
bestå	verb	swe	eksistere	verb	nor
besudla	verb	swe	besudle	verb	nor
besvara	verb	swe	besvare	verb	nor
besvara	verb	swe	svare	verb	nor
besvara	verb	swe	svare på	verb	nor
besvärja	verb	swe	bekymre	verb	nor
besätta	verb	swe	besetje	verb	nor
besätta	verb	swe	besette	verb	nor
besöka	verb	swe	besøke	verb	nor
besöka	verb	swe	besøke	verb	nor
besöka	verb	swe	besøkje	verb	nor
besöka	verb	swe	gjeste	verb	nor
besöka	verb	swe	vitje	verb	nor
beta¹	verb	swe	beite	verb	nor
beta²	verb	swe	fascinere	verb	nor
beta²	verb	swe	hamne	verb	nor
beta²	verb	swe	havne	verb	nor
betala	verb	swe	betale	verb	nor
betala	verb	swe	erlegge	verb	nor
beteckna	verb	swe	beskrive	verb	nor
beteckna	verb	swe	betegne	verb	nor
beteckna	verb	swe	kalle	verb	nor
beteckna	verb	swe	skildre	verb	nor
betjäna	verb	swe	betene	verb	nor
betjäna	verb	swe	betjene	verb	nor
betona	verb	swe	betone	verb	nor
betona	verb	swe	framheve	verb	nor
betona	verb	swe	understreke	verb	nor
betrakta	verb	swe	betrakte	verb	nor
betrakta	verb	swe	vurdere	verb	nor
betro	verb	swe	betro	verb	nor
betro	verb	swe	tru seg til	verb	nor
betrycka	verb	swe	nedstemme	verb	nor
beträda	verb	swe	betre	verb	nor
beträffa	verb	swe	angå	verb	nor
betsa	verb	swe	beise	verb	nor
betvivla	verb	swe	betvile	verb	nor
betvivla	verb	swe	tvile	verb	nor
betvivla	verb	swe	tvile på	verb	nor
betyda	verb	swe	bety	verb	nor
betyda	verb	swe	tyde	verb	nor
betäcka	verb	swe	bedekke	verb	nor
betänka	verb	swe	betenke	verb	nor
betänka	verb	swe	områ	verb	nor
betänka	verb	swe	vurdere	verb	nor
beundra	verb	swe	beundre	verb	nor
bevaka	verb	swe	overvake	verb	nor
bevaka	verb	swe	overvåke	verb	nor
bevara	verb	swe	bevare	verb	nor
bevara	verb	swe	lagre	verb	nor
bevara	verb	swe	oppbevare	verb	nor
bevara	verb	swe	ta vare på	verb	nor
bevara	verb	swe	verne	verb	nor
bevattna	verb	swe	dusje	verb	nor
bevattna	verb	swe	vande	verb	nor
bevattna	verb	swe	vatne	verb	nor
beveka	verb	swe	bevege	verb	nor
beveka	verb	swe	lee	verb	nor
beveka	verb	swe	rikke	verb	nor
beveka	verb	swe	røre	verb	nor
bevilja	verb	swe	bevilge	verb	nor
bevilja	verb	swe	fordele	verb	nor
bevilja	verb	swe	løyve	verb	nor
bevisa	verb	swe	bevise	verb	nor
bevisa	verb	swe	prove	verb	nor
bevittna	verb	swe	vitne	verb	nor
bevärdiga	verb	swe	verdige	verb	nor
bibehålla	verb	swe	beholde	verb	nor
bibehålla	verb	swe	halde på	verb	nor
bibehålla	verb	swe	halde ved like	verb	nor
bibehålla	verb	swe	vedlikeholde	verb	nor
bida	verb	swe	bie	verb	nor
bida	verb	swe	vente	verb	nor
bidra	verb	swe	bidra	verb	nor
bifalla	verb	swe	bifalle	verb	nor
bifalla	verb	swe	godkjenne	verb	nor
bifoga	verb	swe	tilføye	verb	nor
bifoga	verb	swe	vedlegge	verb	nor
bifoga	verb	swe	vedlegge	verb	nor
bilda	verb	swe	danne	verb	nor
bilägga	verb	swe	bilegge	verb	nor
bilägga	verb	swe	bilegge	verb	nor
bilägga	verb	swe	legge ved	verb	nor
binda	verb	swe	bende	verb	nor
binda	verb	swe	binde	verb	nor
bisätta	verb	swe	bisetje	verb	nor
bisätta	verb	swe	bisette	verb	nor
bita	verb	swe	beise	verb	nor
bita	verb	swe	bite	verb	nor
bita	verb	swe	straffe	verb	nor
biträda	verb	swe	hjelpe	verb	nor
bjuda	verb	swe	innby	verb	nor
bjuda	verb	swe	invitere	verb	nor
bjuda	verb	swe	tilby	verb	nor
bjuda	verb	swe	by	verb	nor
bjäbba	verb	swe	glafse	verb	nor
bjäbba	verb	swe	plapre	verb	nor
bladdra	verb	swe	glafse	verb	nor
bladdra	verb	swe	plapre	verb	nor
blaja	verb	swe	vase	verb	nor
blaja	verb	swe	vrøvle	verb	nor
blanda	verb	swe	blande	verb	nor
blanda	verb	swe	stokke	verb	nor
blanka	verb	swe	pusse	verb	nor
blekna	verb	swe	bleikne	verb	nor
blekna	verb	swe	blekne	verb	nor
bli kvar	verb	swe	bli verande	verb	nor
bli kvar	verb	swe	forbli	verb	nor
bli av	verb	swe	skje	verb	nor
blicka	verb	swe	se	verb	nor
blicka	verb	swe	sjå	verb	nor
blidka	verb	swe	berolige	verb	nor
blidka	verb	swe	roe	verb	nor
blidka	verb	swe	tilfredsstille	verb	nor
bliga	verb	swe	titte	verb	nor
blinka	verb	swe	blinke	verb	nor
blinka	verb	swe	blunke	verb	nor
blinka	verb	swe	glire	verb	nor
blixtra	verb	swe	dæme	verb	nor
blixtra	verb	swe	gisle	verb	nor
blixtra	verb	swe	lyne	verb	nor
blixtra	verb	swe	skinne	verb	nor
blixtra	verb	swe	tire	verb	nor
blockera	verb	swe	blokkere	verb	nor
blogga	verb	swe	blodge	verb	nor
blogga	verb	swe	blogge	verb	nor
blogga	verb	swe	bløgge	verb	nor
blomma	verb	swe	blomstre	verb	nor
blomma	verb	swe	bløme	verb	nor
blomstra	verb	swe	blomstre	verb	nor
blomstra	verb	swe	bløme	verb	nor
blondera	verb	swe	blondere	verb	nor
blossa	verb	swe	blusse	verb	nor
blossa	verb	swe	dæme	verb	nor
blossa	verb	swe	gisle	verb	nor
blossa	verb	swe	skinne	verb	nor
blossa	verb	swe	tire	verb	nor
blotta	verb	swe	blotte	verb	nor
blotta	verb	swe	blottstille	verb	nor
blottlägga	verb	swe	avdekke	verb	nor
blottlägga	verb	swe	blottlegge	verb	nor
blottlägga	verb	swe	blottlegge	verb	nor
blottställa	verb	swe	blottstille	verb	nor
bluffa	verb	swe	bløffe	verb	nor
blunda	verb	swe	blunde	verb	nor
blunda	verb	swe	døse	verb	nor
bläddra	verb	swe	bla	verb	nor
blända	verb	swe	blende	verb	nor
blända	verb	swe	blinde	verb	nor
blänga	verb	swe	gape	verb	nor
blänga	verb	swe	glo	verb	nor
blänga	verb	swe	glope	verb	nor
blänka	verb	swe	blinke	verb	nor
blänka	verb	swe	blunke	verb	nor
blänka	verb	swe	glire	verb	nor
blästra	verb	swe	blåse	verb	nor
blästra	verb	swe	gufse	verb	nor
blåna	verb	swe	blåne	verb	nor
blåsa	verb	swe	blåse	verb	nor
blåsa	verb	swe	blære	verb	nor
blåsa	verb	swe	briske	verb	nor
blåsa	verb	swe	gufse	verb	nor
blöda	verb	swe	blø	verb	nor
blöda	verb	swe	bløde	verb	nor
blöta	verb	swe	blø	verb	nor
blöta	verb	swe	bløde	verb	nor
blöta	verb	swe	bløte	verb	nor
blöta	verb	swe	bløyte	verb	nor
bo	verb	swe	bo	verb	nor
bo	verb	swe	bu	verb	nor
bocka	verb	swe	bukke	verb	nor
bogsera	verb	swe	buksere	verb	nor
bojkotta	verb	swe	boikotte	verb	nor
boka	verb	swe	booke	verb	nor
bokföra	verb	swe	bokføre	verb	nor
bokstavera	verb	swe	bokstavere	verb	nor
bolla	verb	swe	sprette	verb	nor
bolma	verb	swe	dabbe	verb	nor
bolma	verb	swe	dampe	verb	nor
bolma	verb	swe	gove	verb	nor
bomba	verb	swe	bombe	verb	nor
bombardera	verb	swe	bombardere	verb	nor
bomma	verb	swe	kikse	verb	nor
bona	verb	swe	bone	verb	nor
boota	verb	swe	la	verb	nor
boota	verb	swe	late	verb	nor
borda	verb	swe	borde	verb	nor
bordlägga	verb	swe	henlegge	verb	nor
bordlägga	verb	swe	henlegge	verb	nor
borga	verb	swe	garantere	verb	nor
borga	verb	swe	kavere	verb	nor
borra	verb	swe	bore	verb	nor
borsta	verb	swe	børste	verb	nor
bortföra	verb	swe	bortføre	verb	nor
bortförklara	verb	swe	bortforklare	verb	nor
bortgå	verb	swe	forsvinne	verb	nor
bortresonera	verb	swe	bortforklare	verb	nor
bortse	verb	swe	bortse	verb	nor
bortse	verb	swe	bortsjå	verb	nor
bortskaffa	verb	swe	avhende	verb	nor
bortta	verb	swe	fjerne	verb	nor
bota	verb	swe	heile	verb	nor
bota	verb	swe	helbrede	verb	nor
botanisera	verb	swe	botanisere	verb	nor
bottna	verb	swe	botne	verb	nor
bowla	verb	swe	bowle	verb	nor
boxas	adjective	swe	bokse	adjective	nor
braka	verb	swe	brake	verb	nor
braska	verb	swe	fryse	verb	nor
braska	verb	swe	klakke	verb	nor
braska	verb	swe	tele	verb	nor
bravera	verb	swe	kyte	verb	nor
bravera	verb	swe	prale	verb	nor
bre	verb	swe	bre	verb	nor
bre	verb	swe	breie	verb	nor
bre	verb	swe	spre	verb	nor
bre	verb	swe	spreie	verb	nor
bredda	verb	swe	utvide	verb	nor
brevväxla	verb	swe	brevveksle	verb	nor
briefa	verb	swe	brife	verb	nor
briljera	verb	swe	briljere	verb	nor
briljera	verb	swe	dæme	verb	nor
briljera	verb	swe	gisle	verb	nor
briljera	verb	swe	skinne	verb	nor
briljera	verb	swe	tire	verb	nor
bringa	verb	swe	bringe	verb	nor
brinna	verb	swe	brenne	verb	nor
brinna	verb	swe	loge	verb	nor
brisera	verb	swe	eksplodere	verb	nor
brista	verb	swe	breste	verb	nor
brista	verb	swe	briste	verb	nor
brodera	verb	swe	brodere	verb	nor
brodera	verb	swe	brosjere	verb	nor
brolägga	verb	swe	brolegge	verb	nor
brolägga	verb	swe	brulegge	verb	nor
brolägga	verb	swe	brulegge	verb	nor
bromsa	verb	swe	bremse	verb	nor
bruka	verb	swe	bruke	verb	nor
bruka	verb	swe	pleie	verb	nor
brumma	verb	swe	brumle	verb	nor
brumma	verb	swe	brumme	verb	nor
brumma	verb	swe	grymje	verb	nor
brumma	verb	swe	knurre	verb	nor
brumma	verb	swe	ryte	verb	nor
brumma	verb	swe	ymje	verb	nor
brusa	verb	swe	bruse	verb	nor
brusa	verb	swe	marme	verb	nor
brutalisera	verb	swe	brutalisere	verb	nor
bry	verb	swe	bry	verb	nor
brygga	verb	swe	brygge	verb	nor
bryna	verb	swe	brune	verb	nor
bryna	verb	swe	bryne	verb	nor
bryta	verb	swe	bryte	verb	nor
bräcka	verb	swe	brekke	verb	nor
bräcka	verb	swe	bryte	verb	nor
bräda	verb	swe	utkonkurrere	verb	nor
bränna	verb	swe	brenne	verb	nor
bränna	verb	swe	loge	verb	nor
bränna	verb	swe	lue	verb	nor
brännmärka	verb	swe	brennemerke	verb	nor
brännmärka	verb	swe	svimerke	verb	nor
brådska	verb	swe	skynde	verb	nor
bråka	verb	swe	bråke	verb	nor
bröla	verb	swe	belje	verb	nor
bröla	verb	swe	bruse	verb	nor
bröla	verb	swe	brøle	verb	nor
bröla	verb	swe	raute	verb	nor
brösta sig	verb	swe	bryste	verb	nor
brösta sig	verb	swe	skryte av	verb	nor
bua	verb	swe	bue	verb	nor
bubbla	verb	swe	boble	verb	nor
budgetera	verb	swe	budsjettere	verb	nor
buffa	verb	swe	knubbe	verb	nor
buffa	verb	swe	knuvle	verb	nor
buffa	verb	swe	puffe	verb	nor
buga	verb	swe	bukke	verb	nor
bugga	verb	swe	danse	verb	nor
buklanda	verb	swe	buklande	verb	nor
bukta	verb	swe	bukte	verb	nor
bullra	verb	swe	buldre	verb	nor
bulna	verb	swe	bolne	verb	nor
bulna	verb	swe	bulne	verb	nor
bunkra	verb	swe	bunkre	verb	nor
bunta	verb	swe	bunte	verb	nor
bunta	verb	swe	kjerve	verb	nor
bunta	verb	swe	knippe	verb	nor
bussa	verb	swe	busse	verb	nor
busvissla	verb	swe	plystre	verb	nor
bygga	verb	swe	bygge	verb	nor
bygga	verb	swe	bygge	verb	nor
bylta ihop	verb	swe	bylte	verb	nor
byråkratisera	verb	swe	byråkratisere	verb	nor
byta	verb	swe	byte	verb	nor
byta	verb	swe	bytte	verb	nor
byta	verb	swe	kingse	verb	nor
byta	verb	swe	skifte	verb	nor
byta ut	verb	swe	skifte ut	verb	nor
bädda	verb	swe	re	verb	nor
bädda	verb	swe	rede	verb	nor
bädda	verb	swe	reie	verb	nor
bära	verb	swe	bere	verb	nor
bära	verb	swe	bære	verb	nor
bärga	verb	swe	berge	verb	nor
bättra	verb	swe	bedre	verb	nor
bättra	verb	swe	besne	verb	nor
bättra	verb	swe	betre	verb	nor
bättra	verb	swe	forbedre	verb	nor
bättra	verb	swe	forbetre	verb	nor
båga	verb	swe	juge	verb	nor
båga	verb	swe	ljuge	verb	nor
båga	verb	swe	lyge	verb	nor
båga	verb	swe	lyve	verb	nor
bågna	verb	swe	bogne	verb	nor
böja	verb	swe	bøye	verb	nor
böka	verb	swe	fikle	verb	nor
böka	verb	swe	pote	verb	nor
böka	verb	swe	rote	verb	nor
böka	verb	swe	urydde	verb	nor
böla	verb	swe	tute	verb	nor
bölja	verb	swe	bylgje	verb	nor
bölja	verb	swe	bølge	verb	nor
bölja	verb	swe	bølgje	verb	nor
bönfalla	verb	swe	bønnfalle	verb	nor
bönhöra	verb	swe	bønnhøyre	verb	nor
bönhöra	verb	swe	bønnhøre	verb	nor
börja	verb	swe	begynne	verb	nor
börja	verb	swe	byrje	verb	nor
börja	verb	swe	starte	verb	nor
börsnotera	verb	swe	børsnotere	verb	nor
böta	verb	swe	bøte	verb	nor
campa	verb	swe	campe	verb	nor
campa	verb	swe	kampere	verb	nor
campa	verb	swe	telte	verb	nor
cementera	verb	swe	sementere	verb	nor
censurera	verb	swe	sensurere	verb	nor
centra	verb	swe	sentre	verb	nor
centralisera	verb	swe	sentralisere	verb	nor
centrera	verb	swe	fokusere	verb	nor
centrera	verb	swe	sentrere	verb	nor
certifiera	verb	swe	sertifisere	verb	nor
changera	verb	swe	fornedre	verb	nor
changera	verb	swe	forringe	verb	nor
changera	verb	swe	nedre	verb	nor
chansa	verb	swe	sjanse	verb	nor
chansera	verb	swe	fornedre	verb	nor
chansera	verb	swe	forringe	verb	nor
chansera	verb	swe	nedre	verb	nor
charma	verb	swe	charmantisere	verb	nor
charma	verb	swe	charmere	verb	nor
charma	verb	swe	sjarmantisere	verb	nor
charma	verb	swe	sjarmere	verb	nor
charmera	verb	swe	charmantisere	verb	nor
charmera	verb	swe	charmere	verb	nor
charmera	verb	swe	sjarmantisere	verb	nor
charmera	verb	swe	sjarmere	verb	nor
chartra	verb	swe	chartre	verb	nor
chatta	verb	swe	chatte	verb	nor
checka	verb	swe	se	verb	nor
checka	verb	swe	sjekke	verb	nor
checka	verb	swe	sjå	verb	nor
chikanera	verb	swe	sjikanere	verb	nor
chikanera	verb	swe	trakassere	verb	nor
chocka	verb	swe	sjokkere	verb	nor
chockera	verb	swe	forarge	verb	nor
chockera	verb	swe	sjokkere	verb	nor
cirkla	verb	swe	sirkle	verb	nor
cirkulera	verb	swe	rullere	verb	nor
cirkulera	verb	swe	sirkulere	verb	nor
ciselera	verb	swe	siselere	verb	nor
citera	verb	swe	hitsetje	verb	nor
citera	verb	swe	hitsette	verb	nor
citera	verb	swe	sitere	verb	nor
civilisera	verb	swe	sivilisere	verb	nor
crawla	verb	swe	crawle	verb	nor
crawla	verb	swe	kråle	verb	nor
cykla	verb	swe	sykle	verb	nor
dagas	adjective	swe	dage	adjective	nor
dagdrömma	verb	swe	dagdrømme	verb	nor
dagdrömma	verb	swe	dagdrøyme	verb	nor
dala	verb	swe	dale	verb	nor
dallra	verb	swe	darre	verb	nor
dallra	verb	swe	dirre	verb	nor
dallra	verb	swe	disse	verb	nor
damma	verb	swe	duste	verb	nor
damma	verb	swe	støve	verb	nor
dammsuga	verb	swe	støvsuge	verb	nor
dana	verb	swe	danne	verb	nor
dangla	verb	swe	dangle	verb	nor
dangla	verb	swe	dingle	verb	nor
dansa	verb	swe	danse	verb	nor
darra	verb	swe	darre	verb	nor
darra	verb	swe	dirre	verb	nor
darra	verb	swe	disse	verb	nor
darra	verb	swe	skjelve	verb	nor
datera	verb	swe	datere	verb	nor
datorisera	verb	swe	digitalisere	verb	nor
debattera	verb	swe	debattere	verb	nor
debitera	verb	swe	debitere	verb	nor
debutera	verb	swe	debutere	verb	nor
decentralisera	verb	swe	desentralisere	verb	nor
decimera	verb	swe	desimere	verb	nor
dedicera	verb	swe	dedisere	verb	nor
deducera	verb	swe	dedusere	verb	nor
defilera	verb	swe	defilere	verb	nor
definiera	verb	swe	definere	verb	nor
deformera	verb	swe	deformere	verb	nor
degenerera	verb	swe	degenerere	verb	nor
degradera	verb	swe	degradere	verb	nor
degradera	verb	swe	nedgradere	verb	nor
dekantera	verb	swe	dekantere	verb	nor
deklamera	verb	swe	deklamere	verb	nor
deklarera	verb	swe	deklarere	verb	nor
deklarera	verb	swe	erklære	verb	nor
deklarera	verb	swe	fortolle	verb	nor
deklassera	verb	swe	deklassere	verb	nor
deklinera	verb	swe	deklinere	verb	nor
dekorera	verb	swe	dekorere	verb	nor
dekorera	verb	swe	staffere	verb	nor
dela	verb	swe	dele	verb	nor
dela	verb	swe	kleppe	verb	nor
dela	verb	swe	skifte	verb	nor
dela ut	verb	swe	distribuere	verb	nor
dela ut	verb	swe	utdele	verb	nor
delegera	verb	swe	delegere	verb	nor
delfinansiera	verb	swe	delfinansiere	verb	nor
delta	verb	swe	delta	verb	nor
deltidsarbeta	verb	swe	deltidsarbeide	verb	nor
demaskera	verb	swe	demaskere	verb	nor
dementera	verb	swe	dementere	verb	nor
demilitarisera	verb	swe	demilitarisere	verb	nor
demobilisera	verb	swe	demobilisere	verb	nor
demokratisera	verb	swe	demokratisere	verb	nor
demolera	verb	swe	demolere	verb	nor
demonisera	verb	swe	demonisere	verb	nor
demonstrera	verb	swe	demonstrere	verb	nor
demontera	verb	swe	demontere	verb	nor
demoralisera	verb	swe	demoralisere	verb	nor
denaturera	verb	swe	denaturere	verb	nor
denotera	verb	swe	denotere	verb	nor
denudera	verb	swe	blottlegge	verb	nor
denudera	verb	swe	blottlegge	verb	nor
deponera	verb	swe	deponere	verb	nor
deportera	verb	swe	deportere	verb	nor
desarmera	verb	swe	desarmere	verb	nor
desavouera	verb	swe	tilbakevise	verb	nor
desertera	verb	swe	desertere	verb	nor
designa	verb	swe	designe	verb	nor
designa	verb	swe	utforme	verb	nor
desinfektera	verb	swe	desinfisere	verb	nor
desinficera	verb	swe	desinfisere	verb	nor
desinformera	verb	swe	desinformere	verb	nor
destillera	verb	swe	destillere	verb	nor
destruera	verb	swe	destruere	verb	nor
detaljreglera	verb	swe	detaljregulere	verb	nor
detaljstyra	verb	swe	detaljstyre	verb	nor
determinera	verb	swe	determinere	verb	nor
detonera	verb	swe	detonere	verb	nor
detronisera	verb	swe	detronisere	verb	nor
devalvera	verb	swe	devaluere	verb	nor
diagnosticera	verb	swe	diagnostisere	verb	nor
diagnostisera	verb	swe	diagnostisere	verb	nor
diarieföra	verb	swe	journalføre	verb	nor
diarieföra	verb	swe	journalisere	verb	nor
differentiera	verb	swe	differensiere	verb	nor
diftongera	verb	swe	diftongere	verb	nor
digna	verb	swe	segne	verb	nor
dika	verb	swe	drene	verb	nor
dika	verb	swe	drenere	verb	nor
dikta	verb	swe	dikte	verb	nor
diktera	verb	swe	diktere	verb	nor
dilla	verb	swe	vase	verb	nor
dilla	verb	swe	vrøvle	verb	nor
dimensionera	verb	swe	dimensjonere	verb	nor
dimpa	verb	swe	dumpe	verb	nor
dinera	verb	swe	dinere	verb	nor
dingla	verb	swe	dangle	verb	nor
dingla	verb	swe	dingle	verb	nor
direktsända	verb	swe	direktesende	verb	nor
dirigera	verb	swe	dirigere	verb	nor
dirra	verb	swe	darre	verb	nor
dirra	verb	swe	dirre	verb	nor
dirra	verb	swe	disse	verb	nor
disciplinera	verb	swe	disiplinere	verb	nor
diska	verb	swe	diske	verb	nor
diska	verb	swe	vaske opp	verb	nor
diskontera	verb	swe	diskontere	verb	nor
diskreditera	verb	swe	diskreditere	verb	nor
diskriminera	verb	swe	diskriminere	verb	nor
diskutera	verb	swe	diskutere	verb	nor
diskvalificera	verb	swe	diskvalifisere	verb	nor
disponera	verb	swe	disponere	verb	nor
dissekera	verb	swe	dissekere	verb	nor
dissimilera	verb	swe	dissimilere	verb	nor
distansera	verb	swe	distansere	verb	nor
distrahera	verb	swe	distrahere	verb	nor
distribuera	verb	swe	distribuere	verb	nor
divergera	verb	swe	divergere	verb	nor
dividera	verb	swe	dividere	verb	nor
djupfrysa	verb	swe	djupfryse	verb	nor
djupfrysa	verb	swe	dypfryse	verb	nor
djävlas	adjective	swe	krangle	adjective	nor
docera	verb	swe	dosere	verb	nor
docka	verb	swe	dokke	verb	nor
docka	verb	swe	dukke	verb	nor
dofta	verb	swe	ange	verb	nor
dofta	verb	swe	dufte	verb	nor
doktorera	verb	swe	doktorere	verb	nor
dokumentera	verb	swe	dokumentere	verb	nor
domdera	verb	swe	drønne	verb	nor
domdera	verb	swe	dundre	verb	nor
dominera	verb	swe	dominere	verb	nor
dona	verb	swe	arrangere	verb	nor
dona	verb	swe	done	verb	nor
dona	verb	swe	fli	verb	nor
dona	verb	swe	hage	verb	nor
dona	verb	swe	make	verb	nor
dona	verb	swe	ordne	verb	nor
dona	verb	swe	stelle	verb	nor
donera	verb	swe	donere	verb	nor
dopa	verb	swe	dope	verb	nor
doppa	verb	swe	dyppe	verb	nor
dosera	verb	swe	dosere	verb	nor
dra	verb	swe	dra	verb	nor
dra	verb	swe	trekke	verb	nor
dra	verb	swe	trekke	verb	nor
dra	verb	swe	træ	verb	nor
dra ihop	verb	swe	samle	verb	nor
dra ihop	verb	swe	sanke	verb	nor
dra åt	verb	swe	stramme	verb	nor
drabba	verb	swe	ramme	verb	nor
dramatisera	verb	swe	dramatisere	verb	nor
dratta	verb	swe	dratte	verb	nor
dravla	verb	swe	vase	verb	nor
dravla	verb	swe	vrøvle	verb	nor
dregla	verb	swe	savle	verb	nor
dressera	verb	swe	dressere	verb	nor
dressera	verb	swe	trene	verb	nor
dribbla	verb	swe	drible	verb	nor
dricka	verb	swe	drikke	verb	nor
drilla	verb	swe	drille	verb	nor
driva	verb	swe	drive	verb	nor
driva	verb	swe	loffe	verb	nor
driva	verb	swe	reike	verb	nor
driva	verb	swe	reke	verb	nor
driva	verb	swe	valandere	verb	nor
droga	verb	swe	medisinere	verb	nor
droppa	verb	swe	drype	verb	nor
droppa	verb	swe	dryppe	verb	nor
drulla	verb	swe	bumse	verb	nor
drulla	verb	swe	dette	verb	nor
drulla	verb	swe	falde	verb	nor
drulla	verb	swe	stupe	verb	nor
drulla	verb	swe	trulte	verb	nor
drunkna	verb	swe	drukne	verb	nor
dryfta	verb	swe	diskutere	verb	nor
dryfta	verb	swe	drøfte	verb	nor
dryga ut	verb	swe	dryge	verb	nor
drypa	verb	swe	drype	verb	nor
drypa	verb	swe	dryppe	verb	nor
drälla	verb	swe	daske	verb	nor
drämma	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
dränera	verb	swe	drene	verb	nor
dränera	verb	swe	drenere	verb	nor
dränka	verb	swe	drukne	verb	nor
dräpa	verb	swe	drepe	verb	nor
dröja	verb	swe	somle	verb	nor
drömma	verb	swe	drømme	verb	nor
drömma	verb	swe	drøyme	verb	nor
dua	verb	swe	dutte	verb	nor
dubba	verb	swe	dubbe	verb	nor
dubbla	verb	swe	doble	verb	nor
dubblera	verb	swe	doble	verb	nor
dubblera	verb	swe	fordoble	verb	nor
duga	verb	swe	duge	verb	nor
dugga	verb	swe	duskregne	verb	nor
duggregna	verb	swe	duskregne	verb	nor
duka	verb	swe	dekke	verb	nor
duka	verb	swe	dekkje	verb	nor
duka	verb	swe	duke	verb	nor
dumpa	verb	swe	dumpe	verb	nor
dundra	verb	swe	dundre	verb	nor
dundra	verb	swe	tordne	verb	nor
dundra	verb	swe	tore	verb	nor
dunka	verb	swe	dunke	verb	nor
dunsta	verb	swe	dunste	verb	nor
dupera	verb	swe	dupere	verb	nor
dupera	verb	swe	lure	verb	nor
duplicera	verb	swe	duplisere	verb	nor
dväljas	adjective	swe	dvele	adjective	nor
dyka	verb	swe	dykke	verb	nor
dyrka	verb	swe	dyrke	verb	nor
dyrka	verb	swe	tilbe	verb	nor
dyrka	verb	swe	tilbede	verb	nor
dämma	verb	swe	demme	verb	nor
dämpa	verb	swe	dempe	verb	nor
dänga	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
dåna	verb	swe	dåne	verb	nor
dåsa	verb	swe	dubbe	verb	nor
dåsa	verb	swe	duse	verb	nor
dö	verb	swe	daude	verb	nor
dö	verb	swe	dø	verb	nor
dö	verb	swe	døy	verb	nor
dö ut	verb	swe	dø ut	verb	nor
dö ut	verb	swe	døy ut	verb	nor
döda	verb	swe	daude	verb	nor
döda	verb	swe	døde	verb	nor
döda	verb	swe	drepe	verb	nor
dölja	verb	swe	dølje	verb	nor
dölja	verb	swe	skjule	verb	nor
döma	verb	swe	bedøme	verb	nor
döma	verb	swe	bedømme	verb	nor
döma	verb	swe	døme	verb	nor
döma	verb	swe	dømme	verb	nor
döma ut	verb	swe	kassere	verb	nor
döna	verb	swe	rumle	verb	nor
döpa	verb	swe	døpe	verb	nor
döpa	verb	swe	døype	verb	nor
döpa	verb	swe	kristne	verb	nor
döva	verb	swe	bedøve	verb	nor
effektivera	verb	swe	effektivisere	verb	nor
effektivisera	verb	swe	effektivisere	verb	nor
effektuera	verb	swe	effektuere	verb	nor
effektuera	verb	swe	utføre	verb	nor
efterbilda	verb	swe	etterutdanne	verb	nor
efterforska	verb	swe	etterforske	verb	nor
efterforska	verb	swe	undersøke	verb	nor
efterforska	verb	swe	undersøkje	verb	nor
efterge	verb	swe	befri	verb	nor
efterge	verb	swe	frigjere	verb	nor
efterkomma	verb	swe	møte	verb	nor
efterleva	verb	swe	fylgje	verb	nor
efterleva	verb	swe	følge	verb	nor
efterleva	verb	swe	følgje	verb	nor
efterleva	verb	swe	overhalde	verb	nor
efterleva	verb	swe	overholde	verb	nor
efterlikna	verb	swe	etterligne	verb	nor
efterlikna	verb	swe	etterlikne	verb	nor
efterlysa	verb	swe	etterlyse	verb	nor
efterlämna	verb	swe	dra	verb	nor
efterlämna	verb	swe	etterlate	verb	nor
efterlämna	verb	swe	forlate	verb	nor
efterse	verb	swe	etterse	verb	nor
efterse	verb	swe	ettersjå	verb	nor
eftersinna	verb	swe	områ	verb	nor
eftersinna	verb	swe	overveie	verb	nor
eftersinna	verb	swe	vurdere	verb	nor
efterskänka	verb	swe	ettergi	verb	nor
efterskänka	verb	swe	ettergje	verb	nor
eftersända	verb	swe	ettersende	verb	nor
eftersätta	verb	swe	tilsidesetje	verb	nor
eftersätta	verb	swe	tilsidesette	verb	nor
eftersöka	verb	swe	arbeide for	verb	nor
eftersöka	verb	swe	etterstrebe	verb	nor
eftersöka	verb	swe	ettersøke	verb	nor
eftersöka	verb	swe	ettersøkje	verb	nor
eftertrakta	verb	swe	arbeide for	verb	nor
eftertrakta	verb	swe	attrå	verb	nor
eftertrakta	verb	swe	begjære	verb	nor
eftertrakta	verb	swe	etterstrebe	verb	nor
egga	verb	swe	egge	verb	nor
egga	verb	swe	egge	verb	nor
egga	verb	swe	egse	verb	nor
eka	verb	swe	gjenlyde	verb	nor
elda	verb	swe	elde	verb	nor
elda	verb	swe	fyre	verb	nor
elda	verb	swe	sparke	verb	nor
elektrifiera	verb	swe	elektrifisere	verb	nor
elektrifiera	verb	swe	elektrisere	verb	nor
eliminera	verb	swe	eliminere	verb	nor
emaljera	verb	swe	emaljere	verb	nor
emancipera	verb	swe	emansipere	verb	nor
emigrera	verb	swe	emigrere	verb	nor
emittera	verb	swe	emittere	verb	nor
emittera	verb	swe	utskrive	verb	nor
emittera	verb	swe	utstede	verb	nor
emotse	verb	swe	forvente	verb	nor
emotse	verb	swe	imøtese	verb	nor
emotse	verb	swe	imøtesjå	verb	nor
emulgera	verb	swe	emulgere	verb	nor
ena	verb	swe	eine	verb	nor
ena	verb	swe	ene	verb	nor
ena	verb	swe	forene	verb	nor
ena	verb	swe	sameine	verb	nor
endossera	verb	swe	endossere	verb	nor
engagera	verb	swe	engasjere	verb	nor
enlevera	verb	swe	bortføre	verb	nor
enlevera	verb	swe	kidnappe	verb	nor
ensilera	verb	swe	ensilere	verb	nor
entlediga	verb	swe	avvise	verb	nor
entusiasmera	verb	swe	begeistre	verb	nor
entusiasmera	verb	swe	inspirere	verb	nor
envisas	adjective	swe	insistere	adjective	nor
erbjuda	verb	swe	tilby	verb	nor
erbjuda	verb	swe	tilbyde	verb	nor
erfara	verb	swe	erfare	verb	nor
erfara	verb	swe	lære	verb	nor
erfara	verb	swe	røyne	verb	nor
erfordra	verb	swe	kreve	verb	nor
erfordra	verb	swe	krevje	verb	nor
erhålla	verb	swe	skaffe	verb	nor
erinra	verb	swe	huske	verb	nor
erinra	verb	swe	minne på	verb	nor
erinra	verb	swe	påminne	verb	nor
erkänna	verb	swe	anerkjenne	verb	nor
erkänna	verb	swe	erkjenne	verb	nor
erkänna	verb	swe	innrømme	verb	nor
erodera	verb	swe	erodere	verb	nor
ersätta	verb	swe	byte	verb	nor
ersätta	verb	swe	bytte	verb	nor
ersätta	verb	swe	erstatte	verb	nor
ersätta	verb	swe	remplassere	verb	nor
ertappa	verb	swe	miste	verb	nor
erövra	verb	swe	erobre	verb	nor
eskalera	verb	swe	eskalere	verb	nor
eskortera	verb	swe	eskortere	verb	nor
estimera	verb	swe	anslå	verb	nor
estimera	verb	swe	estimere	verb	nor
etablera	verb	swe	etablere	verb	nor
etablera	verb	swe	nyskipe	verb	nor
etablera	verb	swe	opprette	verb	nor
etikettera	verb	swe	etikettere	verb	nor
etsa	verb	swe	etse	verb	nor
europeisera	verb	swe	europeisere	verb	nor
evakuera	verb	swe	evakuere	verb	nor
evaluera	verb	swe	evaluere	verb	nor
evaluera	verb	swe	vurdere	verb	nor
evangelisera	verb	swe	evangelisere	verb	nor
examinera	verb	swe	eksaminere	verb	nor
excellera	verb	swe	eksellere	verb	nor
exekvera	verb	swe	eksekvere	verb	nor
exekvera	verb	swe	utføre	verb	nor
exemplifiera	verb	swe	eksemplifisere	verb	nor
exercera	verb	swe	eksersere	verb	nor
existera	verb	swe	eksistere	verb	nor
exkludera	verb	swe	ekskludere	verb	nor
exkludera	verb	swe	stenge ute	verb	nor
exkludera	verb	swe	utelukke	verb	nor
exkommunicera	verb	swe	ekskommunisere	verb	nor
expandera	verb	swe	ekspandere	verb	nor
expediera	verb	swe	ekspedere	verb	nor
experimentera	verb	swe	eksperimentere	verb	nor
exploatera	verb	swe	utnytte	verb	nor
explodera	verb	swe	eksplodere	verb	nor
exponera	verb	swe	eksponere	verb	nor
exponera	verb	swe	vise	verb	nor
exportera	verb	swe	eksportere	verb	nor
expropriera	verb	swe	ekspropriere	verb	nor
expropriera	verb	swe	oreigne	verb	nor
extrahera	verb	swe	ekstrahere	verb	nor
extrapolera	verb	swe	ekstrapolere	verb	nor
fabla	verb	swe	fabulere	verb	nor
fabricera	verb	swe	dikte	verb	nor
fabricera	verb	swe	fabrikkere	verb	nor
fabulera	verb	swe	fantasere	verb	nor
fabulera	verb	swe	ørske	verb	nor
fajtas	verb	swe	slåst	verb	nor
fajtas	verb	swe	slåss	verb	nor
fakturera	verb	swe	fakturere	verb	nor
falla	verb	swe	bumse	verb	nor
falla	verb	swe	dette	verb	nor
falla	verb	swe	falde	verb	nor
falla	verb	swe	falle	verb	nor
falla	verb	swe	stupe	verb	nor
falla	verb	swe	trulte	verb	nor
fallera	verb	swe	fallere	verb	nor
falna	verb	swe	falme	verb	nor
falsa	verb	swe	false	verb	nor
famla	verb	swe	famle	verb	nor
famla	verb	swe	fomle	verb	nor
famla	verb	swe	fomme	verb	nor
famla	verb	swe	stomle	verb	nor
famla	verb	swe	trivle	verb	nor
famna	verb	swe	famne	verb	nor
famna	verb	swe	favne	verb	nor
famna	verb	swe	femne	verb	nor
fantisera	verb	swe	fantasere	verb	nor
fantisera	verb	swe	ørske	verb	nor
fara	verb	swe	fare	verb	nor
fara	verb	swe	strende	verb	nor
fara	verb	swe	strene	verb	nor
fara	verb	swe	strømme	verb	nor
fara	verb	swe	strøyme	verb	nor
fasa	verb	swe	fase	verb	nor
fascinera	verb	swe	fascinere	verb	nor
fasta	verb	swe	fase	verb	nor
fasthålla	verb	swe	fastholde	verb	nor
fasthålla	verb	swe	halde fast på	verb	nor
fasthålla	verb	swe	halde ved like	verb	nor
fasthålla	verb	swe	inherere	verb	nor
fasthålla	verb	swe	vedlikeholde	verb	nor
fastlägga	verb	swe	etablere	verb	nor
fastlägga	verb	swe	fastlegge	verb	nor
fastlägga	verb	swe	fastlegge	verb	nor
fastna	verb	swe	fastne	verb	nor
fastslå	verb	swe	fastslå	verb	nor
fastställa	verb	swe	etablere	verb	nor
fatta	verb	swe	fatte	verb	nor
fatta	verb	swe	gripe	verb	nor
fattas	verb	swe	fattast	verb	nor
fattas	verb	swe	fattes	verb	nor
favorisera	verb	swe	favorisere	verb	nor
faxa	verb	swe	fakse	verb	nor
fela	verb	swe	feile	verb	nor
felas	verb	swe	fattes	verb	nor
felbedöma	verb	swe	feilbedømme	verb	nor
felparkera	verb	swe	feilparkere	verb	nor
femdubbla	verb	swe	femdoble	verb	nor
fermentera	verb	swe	fermentere	verb	nor
fernissa	verb	swe	fernissere	verb	nor
fiffa upp	verb	swe	pusse	verb	nor
fiffla	verb	swe	snyte	verb	nor
fightas	adjective	swe	bale	adjective	nor
fightas	adjective	swe	kjempe	adjective	nor
fightas	adjective	swe	krungle	adjective	nor
fightas	verb	swe	slåss	verb	nor
fightas	verb	swe	slåst	verb	nor
figurera	verb	swe	figurere	verb	nor
fila	verb	swe	file	verb	nor
filea	verb	swe	filere	verb	nor
filma	verb	swe	filme	verb	nor
filmatisera	verb	swe	filmatisere	verb	nor
filosofera	verb	swe	filosofere	verb	nor
filtrera	verb	swe	filtrere	verb	nor
finansiera	verb	swe	finansiere	verb	nor
finfördela	verb	swe	findele	verb	nor
finfördela	verb	swe	finfordele	verb	nor
fingera	verb	swe	fingere	verb	nor
fingra	verb	swe	fingre	verb	nor
finjustera	verb	swe	finjustere	verb	nor
finjustera	verb	swe	justere	verb	nor
finkamma	verb	swe	finkjemme	verb	nor
finna	verb	swe	eksistere	verb	nor
finna	verb	swe	finne	verb	nor
finputsa	verb	swe	finpusse	verb	nor
finslipa	verb	swe	finslipe	verb	nor
finta	verb	swe	finte	verb	nor
fira	verb	swe	feire	verb	nor
fira	verb	swe	fire	verb	nor
fisa	verb	swe	fise	verb	nor
fiska	verb	swe	fiske	verb	nor
fiska	verb	swe	meite	verb	nor
fixa	verb	swe	fikse	verb	nor
fixa	verb	swe	skaffe	verb	nor
fixera	verb	swe	fikse	verb	nor
fixera	verb	swe	fiksere	verb	nor
fjanta	verb	swe	fjase	verb	nor
avlägsna	verb	swe	fjerne	verb	nor
fjärma	verb	swe	fjerne	verb	nor
fjärna	verb	swe	fjerne	verb	nor
fjäska	verb	swe	fjeske	verb	nor
fjättra	verb	swe	bende	verb	nor
fjättra	verb	swe	binde	verb	nor
fjättra	verb	swe	lekke	verb	nor
fjättra	verb	swe	lenke	verb	nor
fjättra	verb	swe	lenkje	verb	nor
flacka	verb	swe	flakke	verb	nor
flacka	verb	swe	vakle	verb	nor
fladdra	verb	swe	blafre	verb	nor
fladdra	verb	swe	flagre	verb	nor
fladdra	verb	swe	pile	verb	nor
flaga	verb	swe	flagge	verb	nor
flaga	verb	swe	flake	verb	nor
flagga	verb	swe	flagge	verb	nor
flambera	verb	swe	flambere	verb	nor
flamma	verb	swe	flamme	verb	nor
flankera	verb	swe	flankere	verb	nor
flatskratta	verb	swe	skogre	verb	nor
flaxa	verb	swe	flagre	verb	nor
flaxa	verb	swe	pile	verb	nor
flerfaldiga	verb	swe	formere	verb	nor
flika in	verb	swe	inkludere	verb	nor
flimra	verb	swe	flimre	verb	nor
flina	verb	swe	le	verb	nor
flirta	verb	swe	flørte	verb	nor
flockas	adjective	swe	flokke	adjective	nor
florera	verb	swe	florere	verb	nor
flotta	verb	swe	flotte	verb	nor
flukta	verb	swe	se	verb	nor
flukta	verb	swe	sjå	verb	nor
fluktuera	verb	swe	fluktuere	verb	nor
flyga	verb	swe	fly	verb	nor
flyga	verb	swe	flyge	verb	nor
flyta	verb	swe	flyte	verb	nor
flyta	verb	swe	fløte	verb	nor
flytta	verb	swe	flytte	verb	nor
flytta fram	verb	swe	utsetje	verb	nor
flytta fram	verb	swe	utsette	verb	nor
fläcka	verb	swe	flekke	verb	nor
fläkta	verb	swe	veifte	verb	nor
fläkta	verb	swe	vifte	verb	nor
flämta	verb	swe	puste	verb	nor
flänga	verb	swe	flenge	verb	nor
fläta	verb	swe	flette	verb	nor
flå	verb	swe	flå	verb	nor
flåsa	verb	swe	flåse	verb	nor
flåsa	verb	swe	stønne	verb	nor
flöda	verb	swe	flyte	verb	nor
flöda	verb	swe	fløte	verb	nor
flörta	verb	swe	flokse	verb	nor
fnissa	verb	swe	fnise	verb	nor
fnissa	verb	swe	knise	verb	nor
fnittra	verb	swe	fnise	verb	nor
fnittra	verb	swe	knise	verb	nor
fodra	verb	swe	fôre	verb	nor
foga	verb	swe	tilpasse	verb	nor
fokusera	verb	swe	fokusere	verb	nor
folkbokföra	verb	swe	folkebokføre	verb	nor
fondera	verb	swe	finansiere	verb	nor
forcera	verb	swe	forsere	verb	nor
forcera	verb	swe	klatre	verb	nor
forcera	verb	swe	tvinge	verb	nor
fordra	verb	swe	fordra	verb	nor
fordra	verb	swe	fordre	verb	nor
forma	verb	swe	danne	verb	nor
forma	verb	swe	forme	verb	nor
formalisera	verb	swe	formalisere	verb	nor
formera	verb	swe	formere	verb	nor
formera	verb	swe	øksle	verb	nor
formulera	verb	swe	formulere	verb	nor
forsa	verb	swe	fosse	verb	nor
forska	verb	swe	forske	verb	nor
forsla	verb	swe	frakte	verb	nor
forsla	verb	swe	skysse	verb	nor
forsla	verb	swe	transportere	verb	nor
fortfara	verb	swe	forsetje	verb	nor
fortfara	verb	swe	forsette	verb	nor
fortfara	verb	swe	fortsetje	verb	nor
fortfara	verb	swe	fortsette	verb	nor
fortfara	verb	swe	halde fram	verb	nor
fortgå	verb	swe	forsetje	verb	nor
fortgå	verb	swe	forsette	verb	nor
fortgå	verb	swe	fortsetje	verb	nor
fortgå	verb	swe	fortsette	verb	nor
fortgå	verb	swe	halde fram	verb	nor
fortskrida	verb	swe	forsetje	verb	nor
fortskrida	verb	swe	forsette	verb	nor
fortskrida	verb	swe	fortsetje	verb	nor
fortskrida	verb	swe	fortsette	verb	nor
fortskrida	verb	swe	halde fram	verb	nor
fortsätta	verb	swe	forsetje	verb	nor
fortsätta	verb	swe	forsette	verb	nor
fortsätta	verb	swe	fortsetje	verb	nor
fortsätta	verb	swe	fortsette	verb	nor
fortsätta	verb	swe	halde fram	verb	nor
fosforescera	verb	swe	fosforescere	verb	nor
fostra	verb	swe	fostre	verb	nor
fota	verb	swe	fotografere	verb	nor
fota	verb	swe	fyre	verb	nor
fota	verb	swe	sparke	verb	nor
fotografera	verb	swe	fotografere	verb	nor
fotokopiera	verb	swe	fotokopiere	verb	nor
fradga	verb	swe	frode	verb	nor
fradga	verb	swe	fråde	verb	nor
fragmentera	verb	swe	fragmentere	verb	nor
fragmentisera	verb	swe	fragmentere	verb	nor
frakta	verb	swe	frakte	verb	nor
frakta	verb	swe	skysse	verb	nor
fraktionera	verb	swe	fraksjonere	verb	nor
frambringa	verb	swe	fremskaffe	verb	nor
frambringa	verb	swe	skaffe	verb	nor
framflytta	verb	swe	utsetje	verb	nor
framflytta	verb	swe	utsette	verb	nor
framföra	verb	swe	framføre	verb	nor
framföra	verb	swe	fremføre	verb	nor
framförhandla	verb	swe	forhandle	verb	nor
framhärda	verb	swe	halde ut	verb	nor
framhärda	verb	swe	holde ut	verb	nor
framhäva	verb	swe	framheve	verb	nor
framhålla	verb	swe	framheve	verb	nor
framhålla	verb	swe	framholde	verb	nor
framhålla	verb	swe	peike på	verb	nor
framkalla	verb	swe	framkalle	verb	nor
framkomma	verb	swe	dukke opp	verb	nor
framlägga	verb	swe	framlegge	verb	nor
framlägga	verb	swe	fremlegge	verb	nor
framlägga	verb	swe	målbere	verb	nor
framlägga	verb	swe	presentere	verb	nor
frammana	verb	swe	framkalle	verb	nor
frammana	verb	swe	fremkalle	verb	nor
framskrida	verb	swe	fortsetje	verb	nor
framskrida	verb	swe	fortsette	verb	nor
framskrida	verb	swe	halde fram	verb	nor
framställa	verb	swe	framstelle	verb	nor
framställa	verb	swe	framstille	verb	nor
framställa	verb	swe	fremstille	verb	nor
framstå	verb	swe	framstå	verb	nor
framstå	verb	swe	fremstå	verb	nor
framträda	verb	swe	framtre	verb	nor
framträda	verb	swe	fremtre	verb	nor
frankera	verb	swe	frankere	verb	nor
frappera	verb	swe	frappere	verb	nor
frasa	verb	swe	gneste	verb	nor
frasa	verb	swe	knatre	verb	nor
frasa	verb	swe	knitre	verb	nor
frasa	verb	swe	sprake	verb	nor
fraternisera	verb	swe	fraternisere	verb	nor
freda	verb	swe	frede	verb	nor
frekventera	verb	swe	frekventere	verb	nor
fresta	verb	swe	prøve	verb	nor
fresta	verb	swe	friste	verb	nor
fresta	verb	swe	påverke	verb	nor
fresta	verb	swe	påvirke	verb	nor
fria	verb	swe	fri	verb	nor
fria	verb	swe	frigi	verb	nor
fria	verb	swe	frigje	verb	nor
fria	verb	swe	frigjere	verb	nor
fria	verb	swe	frigjøre	verb	nor
fridlysa	verb	swe	frede	verb	nor
fridlysa	verb	swe	fredlyse	verb	nor
frige	verb	swe	frigi	verb	nor
frige	verb	swe	frigje	verb	nor
frigöra	verb	swe	frigjere	verb	nor
frigöra	verb	swe	frigjøre	verb	nor
frihetsberöva	verb	swe	anholde	verb	nor
frihetsberöva	verb	swe	arrestere	verb	nor
frikalla	verb	swe	frita	verb	nor
frikoppla	verb	swe	lausne	verb	nor
frikoppla	verb	swe	løsne	verb	nor
frikänna	verb	swe	frifinne	verb	nor
frikänna	verb	swe	frikjenne	verb	nor
friköpa	verb	swe	frikjøpe	verb	nor
frisera	verb	swe	frisere	verb	nor
frisläppa	verb	swe	frigi	verb	nor
frisläppa	verb	swe	frigje	verb	nor
frisläppa	verb	swe	lauslate	verb	nor
frisläppa	verb	swe	løslate	verb	nor
friställa	verb	swe	permittere	verb	nor
frita	verb	swe	frita	verb	nor
fritera	verb	swe	fritere	verb	nor
frodas	verb	swe	trivast	verb	nor
frodas	verb	swe	trives	verb	nor
frottera	verb	swe	frottere	verb	nor
frukta	verb	swe	frykte	verb	nor
frusta	verb	swe	pruste	verb	nor
frustrera	verb	swe	frustrere	verb	nor
frysa	verb	swe	fryse	verb	nor
frysa	verb	swe	klakke	verb	nor
frysa	verb	swe	tele	verb	nor
frystorka	verb	swe	frysetørke	verb	nor
frälsa	verb	swe	frelse	verb	nor
främja	verb	swe	fremme	verb	nor
främja	verb	swe	fremme	verb	nor
fräsa	verb	swe	frese	verb	nor
fräsa	verb	swe	hvese	verb	nor
fräsa	verb	swe	kvese	verb	nor
fräta	verb	swe	etse	verb	nor
fråga	verb	swe	frege	verb	nor
fråga	verb	swe	frette	verb	nor
fråga	verb	swe	spørje	verb	nor
fråga	verb	swe	spørre	verb	nor
fråga ut	verb	swe	spørje	verb	nor
fråga ut	verb	swe	spørre	verb	nor
fråndöma	verb	swe	fradømme	verb	nor
fråndöma	verb	swe	frådøme	verb	nor
fråndöma	verb	swe	frådømme	verb	nor
frångå	verb	swe	fravike	verb	nor
frångå	verb	swe	fråvike	verb	nor
frånse	verb	swe	frase	verb	nor
frånskilja	verb	swe	fråskilje	verb	nor
frånskilja	verb	swe	fraskille	verb	nor
frånta	verb	swe	frata	verb	nor
frånta	verb	swe	fråta	verb	nor
fukta	verb	swe	fukte	verb	nor
fullborda	verb	swe	fullbyrde	verb	nor
fullborda	verb	swe	fullføre	verb	nor
fullfölja	verb	swe	fullføre	verb	nor
fullgöra	verb	swe	oppfylle	verb	nor
fullända	verb	swe	perfeksjonere	verb	nor
fumla	verb	swe	fomle	verb	nor
fundera	verb	swe	fundere	verb	nor
fundera	verb	swe	spekulere	verb	nor
fungera	verb	swe	fungere	verb	nor
fungera	verb	swe	monne	verb	nor
fungera	verb	swe	verke	verb	nor
fungera	verb	swe	virke	verb	nor
funka	verb	swe	fungere	verb	nor
funktionera	verb	swe	funksjonere	verb	nor
fusionera	verb	swe	fusjonere	verb	nor
fuska	verb	swe	jukse	verb	nor
fuska	verb	swe	snyte	verb	nor
fylla	verb	swe	fylle	verb	nor
fylla i	verb	swe	utfylle	verb	nor
fylleköra	verb	swe	fyllekjøre	verb	nor
fylleköra	verb	swe	fyllekøyre	verb	nor
fyrdubbla	verb	swe	firedoble	verb	nor
fägna	verb	swe	gle	verb	nor
fägna	verb	swe	glede	verb	nor
fäkta	verb	swe	fekte	verb	nor
fälla	verb	swe	felle	verb	nor
fälla	verb	swe	loe	verb	nor
fälla	verb	swe	røyte	verb	nor
fälla ihop	verb	swe	folde	verb	nor
fälla ihop	verb	swe	kaste	verb	nor
fälla ihop	verb	swe	skrukke	verb	nor
fälla upp	verb	swe	brette	verb	nor
fängsla	verb	swe	fengsle	verb	nor
fängsla	verb	swe	hugta	verb	nor
färdas	verb	swe	ferdast	verb	nor
färdas	verb	swe	ferdes	verb	nor
färdigbygga	verb	swe	ferdigbygge	verb	nor
färdigställa	verb	swe	fullføre	verb	nor
färga	verb	swe	farge	verb	nor
färglägga	verb	swe	fargelegge	verb	nor
färglägga	verb	swe	fargelegge	verb	nor
färglägga	verb	swe	farvelegge	verb	nor
färja	verb	swe	ferge	verb	nor
färja	verb	swe	ferje	verb	nor
fästa	verb	swe	fasle	verb	nor
fästa	verb	swe	fatle	verb	nor
fästa	verb	swe	feste	verb	nor
fålla	verb	swe	folde	verb	nor
fålla	verb	swe	kaste	verb	nor
fålla	verb	swe	skrukke	verb	nor
fålla	verb	swe	søme	verb	nor
fålla	verb	swe	sømme	verb	nor
fånga	verb	swe	fakke	verb	nor
fånga	verb	swe	fange	verb	nor
fåra	verb	swe	fure	verb	nor
föda	verb	swe	fø	verb	nor
föda	verb	swe	føde	verb	nor
föla	verb	swe	fole	verb	nor
följa	verb	swe	fylgje	verb	nor
följa	verb	swe	følge	verb	nor
följa	verb	swe	følgje	verb	nor
föra	verb	swe	fôre	verb	nor
föra	verb	swe	føre	verb	nor
föra	verb	swe	pense	verb	nor
föra bort	verb	swe	bortføre	verb	nor
föra bort	verb	swe	kidnappe	verb	nor
föra med sig	verb	swe	lede	verb	nor
föra med sig	verb	swe	leie	verb	nor
föra med sig	verb	swe	medføre	verb	nor
föra ut	verb	swe	utføre	verb	nor
förakta	verb	swe	forakte	verb	nor
förankra	verb	swe	feste	verb	nor
förankra	verb	swe	forankre	verb	nor
föranleda	verb	swe	forårsake	verb	nor
föranstalta	verb	swe	arrangere	verb	nor
föranstalta	verb	swe	fli	verb	nor
föranstalta	verb	swe	hage	verb	nor
föranstalta	verb	swe	make	verb	nor
föranstalta	verb	swe	ordne	verb	nor
föranstalta	verb	swe	stelle	verb	nor
förarga	verb	swe	forarge	verb	nor
förbanna	verb	swe	bande	verb	nor
förbanna	verb	swe	banne	verb	nor
förbanna	verb	swe	forbanne	verb	nor
förbehålla	verb	swe	reservere	verb	nor
förbereda	verb	swe	forberede	verb	nor
förbereda	verb	swe	førebu	verb	nor
förbigå	verb	swe	forbigå	verb	nor
förbigå	verb	swe	gløyme	verb	nor
förbigå	verb	swe	ignorere	verb	nor
förbinda	verb	swe	forbinde	verb	nor
förbise	verb	swe	overse	verb	nor
förbise	verb	swe	oversjå	verb	nor
förbjuda	verb	swe	forby	verb	nor
förbjuda	verb	swe	forbyde	verb	nor
förbli	verb	swe	bli verande	verb	nor
förbli	verb	swe	forbli	verb	nor
förblinda	verb	swe	blinde	verb	nor
förbluffa	verb	swe	forbløffe	verb	nor
förblöda	verb	swe	forblø	verb	nor
förbruka	verb	swe	forbruke	verb	nor
förbrylla	verb	swe	forbause	verb	nor
förbrylla	verb	swe	forundre	verb	nor
förbrylla	verb	swe	forvirre	verb	nor
förbränna	verb	swe	forbrenne	verb	nor
förbättra	verb	swe	bedre	verb	nor
förbättra	verb	swe	besne	verb	nor
förbättra	verb	swe	betre	verb	nor
förbättra	verb	swe	forbedre	verb	nor
förbättra	verb	swe	forbetre	verb	nor
fördela	verb	swe	dele	verb	nor
fördela	verb	swe	distribuere	verb	nor
fördela	verb	swe	fordele	verb	nor
fördela	verb	swe	kleppe	verb	nor
fördjupa	verb	swe	djupe	verb	nor
fördjupa	verb	swe	fordjupe	verb	nor
fördjupa	verb	swe	fordype	verb	nor
fördjupa	verb	swe	utdjupe	verb	nor
fördjupa	verb	swe	utdype	verb	nor
fördra	verb	swe	fordra	verb	nor
fördra	verb	swe	forlike	verb	nor
fördra	verb	swe	semje	verb	nor
fördriva	verb	swe	fordrive	verb	nor
fördröja	verb	swe	forhale	verb	nor
fördröja	verb	swe	forsinke	verb	nor
fördubbla	verb	swe	fordoble	verb	nor
fördumma	verb	swe	fordumme	verb	nor
fördyra	verb	swe	fordyre	verb	nor
fördärva	verb	swe	forderve	verb	nor
fördöma	verb	swe	fordøme	verb	nor
fördöma	verb	swe	fordømme	verb	nor
förebrå	verb	swe	bebreide	verb	nor
förebrå	verb	swe	dadle	verb	nor
förebrå	verb	swe	klandre	verb	nor
förebrå	verb	swe	skjenne	verb	nor
förebygga	verb	swe	forebygge	verb	nor
förebygga	verb	swe	førebygge	verb	nor
förebygga	verb	swe	førebygge	verb	nor
föredra	verb	swe	foretrekke	verb	nor
föredra	verb	swe	føretrekke	verb	nor
förefinnas	adjective	swe	foreligge	adjective	nor
förefinnas	adjective	swe	gjelde	adjective	nor
föregripa	verb	swe	føregripe	verb	nor
föregripa	verb	swe	foregripe	verb	nor
föregå	verb	swe	foregå	verb	nor
föregå	verb	swe	føregå	verb	nor
förekomma	verb	swe	finne	verb	nor
förekomma	verb	swe	forekomme	verb	nor
förekomma	verb	swe	hende	verb	nor
förekomma	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
föreligga	verb	swe	foreligge	verb	nor
föreligga	verb	swe	gjelde	verb	nor
förelägga	verb	swe	pålegge	verb	nor
förelägga	verb	swe	pålegge	verb	nor
förelägga	verb	swe	underkaste	verb	nor
föreläsa	verb	swe	forelese	verb	nor
förena	verb	swe	forene	verb	nor
förena	verb	swe	sameine	verb	nor
förenkla	verb	swe	forenkle	verb	nor
föreskriva	verb	swe	føreskrive	verb	nor
föreskriva	verb	swe	foreskrive	verb	nor
föreslå	verb	swe	foreslå	verb	nor
föreslå	verb	swe	føreslå	verb	nor
förestava	verb	swe	diktere	verb	nor
förestå	verb	swe	forestå	verb	nor
förestå	verb	swe	forvalte	verb	nor
förestå	verb	swe	komme	verb	nor
företa	verb	swe	drive med	verb	nor
företa	verb	swe	foreta	verb	nor
företa	verb	swe	gjennomføre	verb	nor
företa	verb	swe	gjere	verb	nor
förete	verb	swe	demonstrere	verb	nor
förete	verb	swe	framvise	verb	nor
förete	verb	swe	fremvise	verb	nor
företräda	verb	swe	representere	verb	nor
föreviga	verb	swe	forevige	verb	nor
förevisa	verb	swe	forevise	verb	nor
förevisa	verb	swe	førevise	verb	nor
förevisa	verb	swe	vise fram	verb	nor
förfalla	verb	swe	forfalle	verb	nor
förfalska	verb	swe	falske	verb	nor
förfalska	verb	swe	forfalske	verb	nor
författa	verb	swe	forfatte	verb	nor
författa	verb	swe	skrive	verb	nor
förfela	verb	swe	feile	verb	nor
förfela	verb	swe	sakne	verb	nor
förfela	verb	swe	savne	verb	nor
förfina	verb	swe	avgrense	verb	nor
förfina	verb	swe	forfine	verb	nor
förflyktigas	adjective	swe	skulke	adjective	nor
förflyta	verb	swe	forløpe	verb	nor
förflyta	verb	swe	gå	verb	nor
förflytta	verb	swe	flytte	verb	nor
förflytta	verb	swe	forflytte	verb	nor
förfrysa	verb	swe	forfryse	verb	nor
förfuska	verb	swe	forderve	verb	nor
förfäkta	verb	swe	forfekte	verb	nor
förfäkta	verb	swe	hevde	verb	nor
förfölja	verb	swe	forfylgje	verb	nor
förfölja	verb	swe	forfølge	verb	nor
förfölja	verb	swe	forfølgje	verb	nor
förföra	verb	swe	forføre	verb	nor
förfördela	verb	swe	forfordele	verb	nor
förgasa	verb	swe	forgasse	verb	nor
förgifta	verb	swe	forgifte	verb	nor
förglömma	verb	swe	forglemme	verb	nor
förglömma	verb	swe	forglømme	verb	nor
förglömma	verb	swe	forgløyme	verb	nor
förglömma	verb	swe	glemme	verb	nor
förglömma	verb	swe	glømme	verb	nor
förglömma	verb	swe	gløyme	verb	nor
förgylla	verb	swe	forgylle	verb	nor
förgå	verb	swe	forgå	verb	nor
förgöra	verb	swe	herpesere	verb	nor
förgöra	verb	swe	ødelegge	verb	nor
förgöra	verb	swe	øydelegge	verb	nor
förhala	verb	swe	forhale	verb	nor
förhala	verb	swe	utsetje	verb	nor
förhala	verb	swe	utsette	verb	nor
förhandla	verb	swe	akkedere	verb	nor
förhandla	verb	swe	forhandle	verb	nor
förhindra	verb	swe	forebygge	verb	nor
förhindra	verb	swe	forhindre	verb	nor
förhindra	verb	swe	førebygge	verb	nor
förhindra	verb	swe	førebygge	verb	nor
förhärda	verb	swe	forherde	verb	nor
förhärja	verb	swe	herje	verb	nor
förhärliga	verb	swe	forherlige	verb	nor
förhärliga	verb	swe	prise	verb	nor
förhäxa	verb	swe	forhekse	verb	nor
förhålla	verb	swe	forhalde	verb	nor
förhålla	verb	swe	forholde	verb	nor
förhåna	verb	swe	forhåne	verb	nor
förhåna	verb	swe	spotte	verb	nor
förhöja	verb	swe	auke	verb	nor
förhöja	verb	swe	forhøgje	verb	nor
förhöja	verb	swe	forhøye	verb	nor
förhöja	verb	swe	øke	verb	nor
förhöra	verb	swe	avhøre	verb	nor
förhöra	verb	swe	avhøyre	verb	nor
förinta	verb	swe	tilinkjegjere	verb	nor
förinta	verb	swe	tilintetgjøre	verb	nor
förkasta	verb	swe	avvise	verb	nor
förkasta	verb	swe	forkaste	verb	nor
förklara	verb	swe	erklære	verb	nor
förklara	verb	swe	erklære	verb	nor
förklara	verb	swe	forklare	verb	nor
förklara	verb	swe	forklare	verb	nor
förklara	verb	swe	forklåre	verb	nor
förklara	verb	swe	fortolle	verb	nor
förklara bort	verb	swe	bortforklare	verb	nor
förklinga	verb	swe	fortone	verb	nor
förknippa	verb	swe	assosiere	verb	nor
förkomma	verb	swe	forsvinne	verb	nor
förkorta	verb	swe	forkorte	verb	nor
förkroma	verb	swe	forkromme	verb	nor
förkunna	verb	swe	forkynne	verb	nor
förkväva	verb	swe	kjøve	verb	nor
förkväva	verb	swe	kvele	verb	nor
förkväva	verb	swe	kvæve	verb	nor
förkväva	verb	swe	strupe	verb	nor
förkväva	verb	swe	strype	verb	nor
förlama	verb	swe	lamme	verb	nor
förlama	verb	swe	maktstele	verb	nor
förlama	verb	swe	mergstele	verb	nor
förlama	verb	swe	paralysere	verb	nor
förleda	verb	swe	vill-leie	verb	nor
förleda	verb	swe	villede	verb	nor
förleda	verb	swe	villeie	verb	nor
förlika	verb	swe	forlike	verb	nor
förlisa	verb	swe	forlise	verb	nor
förlora	verb	swe	misse	verb	nor
förlora	verb	swe	miste	verb	nor
förlora	verb	swe	tape	verb	nor
förlora	verb	swe	tape	verb	nor
förlägga	verb	swe	plassere	verb	nor
förläna	verb	swe	låne	verb	nor
förläna	verb	swe	skjenke	verb	nor
förlänga	verb	swe	forlenge	verb	nor
förlänga	verb	swe	prolongere	verb	nor
förlänga	verb	swe	utvide	verb	nor
förlåta	verb	swe	tilgi	verb	nor
förlåta	verb	swe	tilgje	verb	nor
förlöjliga	verb	swe	latterleggjere	verb	nor
förlöjliga	verb	swe	latterliggjere	verb	nor
förlöjliga	verb	swe	latterliggjøre	verb	nor
förlösa	verb	swe	forlese	verb	nor
förlösa	verb	swe	forløse	verb	nor
förlösa	verb	swe	forløyse	verb	nor
förlösa	verb	swe	gjenløse	verb	nor
förlösa	verb	swe	gjenløyse	verb	nor
förlösa	verb	swe	innfri	verb	nor
förmana	verb	swe	formane	verb	nor
förmedla	verb	swe	formidle	verb	nor
förmedla	verb	swe	midle	verb	nor
förmena	verb	swe	formeine	verb	nor
förmena	verb	swe	formene	verb	nor
förmildra	verb	swe	formilde	verb	nor
förminska	verb	swe	forminske	verb	nor
förmoda	verb	swe	anta	verb	nor
förmoda	verb	swe	tro	verb	nor
förmoda	verb	swe	tru	verb	nor
förmultna	verb	swe	formolde	verb	nor
förmå	verb	swe	formå	verb	nor
förmörka	verb	swe	formørke	verb	nor
förmörka	verb	swe	sverte	verb	nor
förnedra	verb	swe	audmjuke	verb	nor
förnedra	verb	swe	ydmyke	verb	nor
förneka	verb	swe	fornekte	verb	nor
förnimma	verb	swe	fornemme	verb	nor
förnimma	verb	swe	merke	verb	nor
förnya	verb	swe	fornye	verb	nor
förnärma	verb	swe	fornærme	verb	nor
förnärma	verb	swe	krenke	verb	nor
förnärma	verb	swe	krenkje	verb	nor
förnärma	verb	swe	pikere	verb	nor
förnärma	verb	swe	tusjere	verb	nor
förnöja	verb	swe	nyte	verb	nor
förolämpa	verb	swe	fornærme	verb	nor
förolämpa	verb	swe	krenke	verb	nor
förolämpa	verb	swe	krenkje	verb	nor
förolämpa	verb	swe	pikere	verb	nor
förolämpa	verb	swe	tusjere	verb	nor
förorda	verb	swe	anbefale	verb	nor
förorda	verb	swe	forutsi	verb	nor
förorena	verb	swe	forsøple	verb	nor
förorena	verb	swe	forureine	verb	nor
förorena	verb	swe	forurense	verb	nor
förorsaka	verb	swe	forårsake	verb	nor
förorätta	verb	swe	forurette	verb	nor
förpacka	verb	swe	balle	verb	nor
förpacka	verb	swe	pakke	verb	nor
förpesta	verb	swe	forpeste	verb	nor
förplikta	verb	swe	forplikte	verb	nor
förplikta	verb	swe	plikte	verb	nor
förplikta	verb	swe	tvinge	verb	nor
förpliktiga	verb	swe	forplikte	verb	nor
förpliktiga	verb	swe	plikte	verb	nor
förpliktiga	verb	swe	tvinge	verb	nor
förpläga	verb	swe	beverte	verb	nor
förringa	verb	swe	bagatellisere	verb	nor
förringa	verb	swe	fornedre	verb	nor
förringa	verb	swe	forringe	verb	nor
förringa	verb	swe	nedre	verb	nor
förrycka	verb	swe	forrykke	verb	nor
förryska	verb	swe	russifisere	verb	nor
förränta	verb	swe	forrente	verb	nor
förrätta	verb	swe	forrette	verb	nor
förråda	verb	swe	forråde	verb	nor
förråda	verb	swe	forråe	verb	nor
försaka	verb	swe	forsake	verb	nor
förse	verb	swe	forsyne	verb	nor
förse	verb	swe	levere	verb	nor
förse	verb	swe	providere	verb	nor
försegla	verb	swe	forsegle	verb	nor
försena	verb	swe	forsinke	verb	nor
försilvra	verb	swe	forsølve	verb	nor
förskansa	verb	swe	forskanse	verb	nor
förskansa	verb	swe	vurdere	verb	nor
förskingra	verb	swe	spre	verb	nor
förskingra	verb	swe	spreie	verb	nor
förskingra	verb	swe	underslå	verb	nor
förskjuta	verb	swe	forskyve	verb	nor
förskräcka	verb	swe	skremme	verb	nor
förskräcka	verb	swe	skræme	verb	nor
försköna	verb	swe	forskjønne	verb	nor
försköna	verb	swe	gjere vakrare	verb	nor
förslappa	verb	swe	slapne	verb	nor
förslappa	verb	swe	slappe	verb	nor
förslava	verb	swe	slavebinde	verb	nor
förslita	verb	swe	knoge	verb	nor
förslita	verb	swe	maure	verb	nor
förslita	verb	swe	nibe	verb	nor
förslita	verb	swe	pæle	verb	nor
förslita	verb	swe	sjaue	verb	nor
förslita	verb	swe	slite	verb	nor
förslita	verb	swe	trale	verb	nor
förslummas	adjective	swe	forslumme	adjective	nor
försluta	verb	swe	lukke	verb	nor
försluta	verb	swe	stenge	verb	nor
förslå	verb	swe	forslå	verb	nor
förslöa	verb	swe	sløve	verb	nor
försona	verb	swe	forsone	verb	nor
förspilla	verb	swe	sløse	verb	nor
förstelna	verb	swe	stivne	verb	nor
förstelna	verb	swe	stølne	verb	nor
förstena	verb	swe	forsteine	verb	nor
förstora	verb	swe	forstørre	verb	nor
förstumma	verb	swe	forstumme	verb	nor
förstumma	verb	swe	tagne	verb	nor
förstämma	verb	swe	dempe	verb	nor
förständiga	verb	swe	befale	verb	nor
förstärka	verb	swe	forsterke	verb	nor
förstärka	verb	swe	potensere	verb	nor
förstå	verb	swe	anslå	verb	nor
förstå	verb	swe	forstå	verb	nor
förstå	verb	swe	skjønne	verb	nor
förstöra	verb	swe	herpesere	verb	nor
förstöra	verb	swe	ødelegge	verb	nor
förstöra	verb	swe	øydelegge	verb	nor
försumma	verb	swe	forsøme	verb	nor
försumma	verb	swe	forsømme	verb	nor
försumma	verb	swe	vanskjøtte	verb	nor
försumma	verb	swe	vanstelle	verb	nor
försumma	verb	swe	vanstyre	verb	nor
försura	verb	swe	beiskne	verb	nor
försura	verb	swe	forsure	verb	nor
försvaga	verb	swe	svekke	verb	nor
försvaga	verb	swe	svekke	verb	nor
försvara	verb	swe	forsvare	verb	nor
försvenska	verb	swe	forsvenske	verb	nor
försvinna	verb	swe	forsvinne	verb	nor
försvåra	verb	swe	gjere vanskelegare	verb	nor
försvåra	verb	swe	gjøre vanskeligere	verb	nor
försvåra	verb	swe	vanskeleggjere	verb	nor
försvåra	verb	swe	vanskeliggjøre	verb	nor
försäkra	verb	swe	forsikre	verb	nor
försämra	verb	swe	forverre	verb	nor
försänka	verb	swe	forsenke	verb	nor
försänka	verb	swe	søkkje	verb	nor
försätta	verb	swe	forsetje	verb	nor
försätta	verb	swe	forsette	verb	nor
försöka	verb	swe	forsøke	verb	nor
försöka	verb	swe	prøve	verb	nor
försöka	verb	swe	prøve	verb	nor
försörja	verb	swe	forsørge	verb	nor
försörja	verb	swe	forsørgje	verb	nor
förta	verb	swe	fjerne	verb	nor
förtala	verb	swe	baksnakke	verb	nor
förtala	verb	swe	baktale	verb	nor
förteckna	verb	swe	liste	verb	nor
förtenna	verb	swe	fortinne	verb	nor
förtjusa	verb	swe	begeistre	verb	nor
förtjusa	verb	swe	fortrolle	verb	nor
förtjusa	verb	swe	fortrylle	verb	nor
förtjusa	verb	swe	inspirere	verb	nor
förtjusa	verb	swe	kogle	verb	nor
förtjäna	verb	swe	fortene	verb	nor
förtjäna	verb	swe	fortjene	verb	nor
förtona	verb	swe	fortone	verb	nor
förtreta	verb	swe	ergre	verb	nor
förtreta	verb	swe	irritere	verb	nor
förtrolla	verb	swe	fortrolle	verb	nor
förtrolla	verb	swe	fortrylle	verb	nor
förtrolla	verb	swe	kogle	verb	nor
förtrycka	verb	swe	undertrykke	verb	nor
förtrycka	verb	swe	undertrykke	verb	nor
förtryta	verb	swe	harme	verb	nor
förtränga	verb	swe	fortrenge	verb	nor
förtrösta	verb	swe	fortrøste	verb	nor
förtunna	verb	swe	fortynne	verb	nor
förtvina	verb	swe	visne	verb	nor
förtvivla	verb	swe	fortvile	verb	nor
förtydliga	verb	swe	klargjere	verb	nor
förtydliga	verb	swe	klargjøre	verb	nor
förtära	verb	swe	fortære	verb	nor
förtäta	verb	swe	fortette	verb	nor
förtöja	verb	swe	fortøye	verb	nor
förundra	verb	swe	forundre	verb	nor
förunna	verb	swe	forunne	verb	nor
förunna	verb	swe	unne	verb	nor
förutbestämma	verb	swe	forutbestemme	verb	nor
förutse	verb	swe	antesipere	verb	nor
förutse	verb	swe	forutse	verb	nor
förutse	verb	swe	føresjå	verb	nor
förutse	verb	swe	predikere	verb	nor
förutspå	verb	swe	forutsi	verb	nor
förutspå	verb	swe	føreseie	verb	nor
förutsäga	verb	swe	forutsi	verb	nor
förutsäga	verb	swe	føreseie	verb	nor
förutsätta	verb	swe	forutsette	verb	nor
förutsätta	verb	swe	føresetje	verb	nor
förvalta	verb	swe	forvalte	verb	nor
förvandla	verb	swe	endre	verb	nor
förvandla	verb	swe	forandre	verb	nor
förvandla	verb	swe	forvandle	verb	nor
förvanska	verb	swe	forvanske	verb	nor
förvanska	verb	swe	forvrenge	verb	nor
förvara	verb	swe	oppbevare	verb	nor
förvara	verb	swe	ta vare på	verb	nor
förvarna	verb	swe	varsle	verb	nor
förverkliga	verb	swe	realisere	verb	nor
förvildas	adjective	swe	forville	adjective	nor
förvildas	adjective	swe	vildre	adjective	nor
förvilla	verb	swe	forville	verb	nor
förvirra	verb	swe	forvirre	verb	nor
förvisa	verb	swe	forvise	verb	nor
förvissa	verb	swe	forvisse	verb	nor
förvissa	verb	swe	tilfredsstille	verb	nor
förvissa	verb	swe	visse	verb	nor
förvissna	verb	swe	visne	verb	nor
förvrida	verb	swe	forvri	verb	nor
förvrida	verb	swe	forvride	verb	nor
förvränga	verb	swe	forvrenge	verb	nor
förvränga	verb	swe	synkverve	verb	nor
förvägra	verb	swe	blånekte	verb	nor
förvägra	verb	swe	neitte	verb	nor
förvägra	verb	swe	nekte	verb	nor
förvända	verb	swe	forvenne	verb	nor
förvänta	verb	swe	forvente	verb	nor
förvärldsliga	verb	swe	verdsleggjere	verb	nor
förvärldsliga	verb	swe	verdsliggjere	verb	nor
förvärldsliga	verb	swe	verdsliggjøre	verb	nor
förvärra	verb	swe	forverre	verb	nor
förvärva	verb	swe	tilegne seg	verb	nor
förvärva	verb	swe	tileigne seg	verb	nor
förväxla	verb	swe	forveksle	verb	nor
förväxla	verb	swe	forvirre	verb	nor
förvålla	verb	swe	forvalde	verb	nor
förvålla	verb	swe	forvolde	verb	nor
förvålla	verb	swe	forårsake	verb	nor
förvåna	verb	swe	forbause	verb	nor
förvåna	verb	swe	forundre	verb	nor
förvåna	verb	swe	undre	verb	nor
föryngra	verb	swe	forynge	verb	nor
föryngra	verb	swe	ynge	verb	nor
förädla	verb	swe	foredle	verb	nor
förädla	verb	swe	raffinere	verb	nor
förändra	verb	swe	endre	verb	nor
förändra	verb	swe	forandre	verb	nor
förära	verb	swe	forære	verb	nor
föröda	verb	swe	ødelegge	verb	nor
föröda	verb	swe	øydelegge	verb	nor
förödmjuka	verb	swe	audmjuke	verb	nor
förödmjuka	verb	swe	ydmyke	verb	nor
föröka	verb	swe	auke	verb	nor
föröka	verb	swe	formere	verb	nor
föröka	verb	swe	øke	verb	nor
fösa	verb	swe	drive	verb	nor
fösa	verb	swe	føyse	verb	nor
fösa	verb	swe	loffe	verb	nor
fösa	verb	swe	reike	verb	nor
fösa	verb	swe	reke	verb	nor
fösa	verb	swe	valandere	verb	nor
gaffla	verb	swe	gafle	verb	nor
gagna	verb	swe	gagne	verb	nor
gala	verb	swe	gale	verb	nor
gallra	verb	swe	sortere	verb	nor
gallra	verb	swe	tynne	verb	nor
gallskrika	verb	swe	remje	verb	nor
gallskrika	verb	swe	vræle	verb	nor
galltjuta	verb	swe	remje	verb	nor
galltjuta	verb	swe	vræle	verb	nor
galoppera	verb	swe	galoppere	verb	nor
galva	verb	swe	galvanisere	verb	nor
galvanisera	verb	swe	galvanisere	verb	nor
gapa	verb	swe	gape	verb	nor
gapa	verb	swe	gaupe	verb	nor
garantera	verb	swe	garantere	verb	nor
garantera	verb	swe	kavere	verb	nor
gardera	verb	swe	gardere	verb	nor
garnera	verb	swe	garnere	verb	nor
garva	verb	swe	garve	verb	nor
garva	verb	swe	le	verb	nor
gasa	verb	swe	gasse	verb	nor
ge	verb	swe	finne	verb	nor
ge	verb	swe	gi	verb	nor
ge	verb	swe	gje	verb	nor
ge ut	verb	swe	sleppe	verb	nor
ge ut	verb	swe	utgi	verb	nor
ge ut	verb	swe	utgje	verb	nor
ge vika	verb	swe	vike	verb	nor
genera	verb	swe	genere	verb	nor
generalisera	verb	swe	generalisere	verb	nor
generera	verb	swe	generere	verb	nor
gengälda	verb	swe	gjengjelde	verb	nor
genljuda	verb	swe	gjenlyde	verb	nor
genmäla	verb	swe	reagere	verb	nor
genmäla	verb	swe	svare	verb	nor
genomarbeta	verb	swe	gjennomarbeide	verb	nor
genomborra	verb	swe	gjennombore	verb	nor
genomdriva	verb	swe	gjennomføre	verb	nor
genomföra	verb	swe	gjennomføre	verb	nor
genomföra	verb	swe	implementere	verb	nor
genomgå	verb	swe	gjennomgå	verb	nor
genomkorsa	verb	swe	krysse	verb	nor
genomleva	verb	swe	gjennomleve	verb	nor
genomleva	verb	swe	leve gjennom	verb	nor
genomlida	verb	swe	lide	verb	nor
genomlysa	verb	swe	gjennomlyse	verb	nor
genomskåda	verb	swe	gjennomskode	verb	nor
genomskåda	verb	swe	gjennomskue	verb	nor
genomströmma	verb	swe	gjennomstrømme	verb	nor
genomströmma	verb	swe	gjennomstrøyme	verb	nor
genomsyra	verb	swe	gjennomsyre	verb	nor
genomsöka	verb	swe	gjennomsøke	verb	nor
genomsöka	verb	swe	gjennomsøkje	verb	nor
genomtränga	verb	swe	gjennomtrenge	verb	nor
genomtänka	verb	swe	gjennomtenke	verb	nor
genomtänka	verb	swe	gjennomtenke	verb	nor
genomtänka	verb	swe	tenke gjennom	verb	nor
genta	verb	swe	gjenta	verb	nor
germanisera	verb	swe	germanisere	verb	nor
gestikulera	verb	swe	gestikulere	verb	nor
gifta	verb	swe	gifte	verb	nor
gilla	verb	swe	like	verb	nor
gillas	adjective	swe	gjelde	adjective	nor
gipsa	verb	swe	gipse	verb	nor
gira	verb	swe	slingre	verb	nor
gissa	verb	swe	gisse	verb	nor
gissa	verb	swe	gjette	verb	nor
gissla	verb	swe	kakstryke	verb	nor
gissla	verb	swe	piske	verb	nor
gitta	verb	swe	gidde	verb	nor
gjuta	verb	swe	gyte	verb	nor
gjuta	verb	swe	støpe	verb	nor
gjuta	verb	swe	støype	verb	nor
gjuta	verb	swe	tide	verb	nor
glamorisera	verb	swe	glamorisere	verb	nor
glasera	verb	swe	glasere	verb	nor
glida	verb	swe	gli	verb	nor
glida	verb	swe	glide	verb	nor
glida	verb	swe	skli	verb	nor
glimma	verb	swe	glime	verb	nor
glimma	verb	swe	glimre	verb	nor
glimra	verb	swe	glime	verb	nor
glimra	verb	swe	glimre	verb	nor
glimta	verb	swe	glimte	verb	nor
glittra	verb	swe	dæme	verb	nor
glittra	verb	swe	gisle	verb	nor
glittra	verb	swe	glise	verb	nor
glittra	verb	swe	glitre	verb	nor
glittra	verb	swe	skeine	verb	nor
glittra	verb	swe	skinne	verb	nor
glittra	verb	swe	tire	verb	nor
glo	verb	swe	gape	verb	nor
glo	verb	swe	glo	verb	nor
glo	verb	swe	glope	verb	nor
glorifiera	verb	swe	glorifisere	verb	nor
glädja	verb	swe	glatte	verb	nor
glädja	verb	swe	gle	verb	nor
glädja	verb	swe	glede	verb	nor
glädja	verb	swe	slike	verb	nor
glädja	verb	swe	slikje	verb	nor
gläfsa	verb	swe	guffe	verb	nor
glänsa	verb	swe	glanse	verb	nor
glänsa	verb	swe	glense	verb	nor
glänsa	verb	swe	glinse	verb	nor
glätta	verb	swe	glatte	verb	nor
glätta	verb	swe	slike	verb	nor
glätta	verb	swe	slikje	verb	nor
glöda	verb	swe	glore	verb	nor
glöda	verb	swe	glø	verb	nor
glöda	verb	swe	gløde	verb	nor
glöda	verb	swe	gløse	verb	nor
glödga	verb	swe	glore	verb	nor
glödga	verb	swe	glø	verb	nor
glödga	verb	swe	gløde	verb	nor
glödga	verb	swe	gløse	verb	nor
glömma	verb	swe	glemme	verb	nor
glömma	verb	swe	glømme	verb	nor
glömma	verb	swe	gløyme	verb	nor
gnaga	verb	swe	gnafse	verb	nor
gnaga	verb	swe	gnage	verb	nor
gnaga	verb	swe	gnavle	verb	nor
gnata	verb	swe	gnafse	verb	nor
gnata	verb	swe	gnage	verb	nor
gnata	verb	swe	gnavle	verb	nor
gneta	verb	swe	gnidre	verb	nor
gnida	verb	swe	gni	verb	nor
gnissla	verb	swe	gnike	verb	nor
gnissla	verb	swe	gnikse	verb	nor
gnissla	verb	swe	gnirke	verb	nor
gnissla	verb	swe	gnisle	verb	nor
gnissla	verb	swe	knirke	verb	nor
gnissla	verb	swe	knisle	verb	nor
gnissla	verb	swe	rikse	verb	nor
gnissla	verb	swe	rikte	verb	nor
gnistra	verb	swe	gnistre	verb	nor
gnola	verb	swe	hulle	verb	nor
gnola	verb	swe	nynne	verb	nor
gnugga	verb	swe	gnugge	verb	nor
gny	verb	swe	klynke	verb	nor
gny	verb	swe	kvinke	verb	nor
gny	verb	swe	sangre	verb	nor
gny	verb	swe	sutre	verb	nor
gnägga	verb	swe	knegge	verb	nor
gnägga	verb	swe	vrinske	verb	nor
gnälla	verb	swe	gnelle	verb	nor
gnälla	verb	swe	jamme	verb	nor
gnöla	verb	swe	klynke	verb	nor
gnöla	verb	swe	kvinke	verb	nor
gnöla	verb	swe	sangre	verb	nor
gnöla	verb	swe	sutre	verb	nor
godkänna	verb	swe	godkjenne	verb	nor
godkänna	verb	swe	knesetje	verb	nor
godkänna	verb	swe	knesette	verb	nor
godta	verb	swe	godta	verb	nor
godta	verb	swe	godte	verb	nor
gorma	verb	swe	gapskratte	verb	nor
gosa	verb	swe	kjæle	verb	nor
gosa	verb	swe	kjærtegne	verb	nor
gosa	verb	swe	kjærteikne	verb	nor
gottgöra	verb	swe	godgjere	verb	nor
gottgöra	verb	swe	godgjøre	verb	nor
gottgöra	verb	swe	godtgjere	verb	nor
gottgöra	verb	swe	godtgjøre	verb	nor
gottgöra	verb	swe	rembursere	verb	nor
gottskriva	verb	swe	godskrive	verb	nor
gradera	verb	swe	gradere	verb	nor
granska	verb	swe	granske	verb	nor
granska	verb	swe	undersøke	verb	nor
granska	verb	swe	undersøkje	verb	nor
granulera	verb	swe	granulere	verb	nor
gratinera	verb	swe	gratinere	verb	nor
gratulera	verb	swe	gratulere	verb	nor
grava	verb	swe	grave	verb	nor
grava	verb	swe	spa	verb	nor
gravera	verb	swe	gravere	verb	nor
gravitera	verb	swe	gravitere	verb	nor
gravlägga	verb	swe	begrave	verb	nor
gravlägga	verb	swe	gravlegge	verb	nor
gravlägga	verb	swe	gravlegge	verb	nor
greja	verb	swe	arrangere	verb	nor
greja	verb	swe	fli	verb	nor
greja	verb	swe	hage	verb	nor
greja	verb	swe	make	verb	nor
greja	verb	swe	ordne	verb	nor
greja	verb	swe	stelle	verb	nor
greppa	verb	swe	grabbe	verb	nor
greppa	verb	swe	greipe	verb	nor
greppa	verb	swe	gripe	verb	nor
griljera	verb	swe	griljere	verb	nor
grilla	verb	swe	grille	verb	nor
grimasera	verb	swe	grimasere	verb	nor
grina	verb	swe	sutre	verb	nor
grina	verb	swe	syte	verb	nor
gripa	verb	swe	gripe	verb	nor
gro	verb	swe	gro	verb	nor
gro	verb	swe	grø	verb	nor
grovsortera	verb	swe	grovsortere	verb	nor
grubbla	verb	swe	gruble	verb	nor
grumsa	verb	swe	brumle	verb	nor
grumsa	verb	swe	brumme	verb	nor
grumsa	verb	swe	grymje	verb	nor
grumsa	verb	swe	knurre	verb	nor
grumsa	verb	swe	ryte	verb	nor
grumsa	verb	swe	ymje	verb	nor
grunda	verb	swe	grunde	verb	nor
grunda	verb	swe	grunnlegge	verb	nor
grunda	verb	swe	grunnlegge	verb	nor
grundera	verb	swe	grunde	verb	nor
grundera	verb	swe	grundere	verb	nor
grundlägga	verb	swe	grunnlegge	verb	nor
grundlägga	verb	swe	grunnlegge	verb	nor
grundstöta	verb	swe	grunnstøte	verb	nor
grundstöta	verb	swe	grunnstøyte	verb	nor
grunna	verb	swe	grunde	verb	nor
grunna	verb	swe	grundere	verb	nor
gruppera	verb	swe	gruppere	verb	nor
grusa	verb	swe	gruse	verb	nor
gry	verb	swe	gry	verb	nor
grymta	verb	swe	grynte	verb	nor
grymta	verb	swe	knurke	verb	nor
grymta	verb	swe	nøffe	verb	nor
grädda	verb	swe	bake	verb	nor
gräla	verb	swe	krangle	verb	nor
gräma	verb	swe	gremme	verb	nor
gränsa	verb	swe	grense	verb	nor
gräva	verb	swe	grave	verb	nor
gräva	verb	swe	spa	verb	nor
gråna	verb	swe	grå	verb	nor
gråna	verb	swe	gråne	verb	nor
gråta	verb	swe	geipe	verb	nor
gråta	verb	swe	gjeipe	verb	nor
gråta	verb	swe	grine	verb	nor
gråta	verb	swe	gråte	verb	nor
grönska	verb	swe	grøne	verb	nor
grönska	verb	swe	grønke	verb	nor
grönska	verb	swe	grønske	verb	nor
gröpa ur	verb	swe	grave	verb	nor
gröpa ur	verb	swe	spa	verb	nor
guida	verb	swe	guide	verb	nor
gulla	verb	swe	applaudere	verb	nor
gulla	verb	swe	klaffe	verb	nor
gulla	verb	swe	klappe	verb	nor
gulla	verb	swe	smeike	verb	nor
gummera	verb	swe	gummiere	verb	nor
gunga	verb	swe	disse	verb	nor
gunga	verb	swe	gynge	verb	nor
gunga	verb	swe	svinge	verb	nor
gurgla	verb	swe	gurgle	verb	nor
gyckla	verb	swe	gjøgle	verb	nor
gymnastisera	verb	swe	gymnastisere	verb	nor
gymnastisera	verb	swe	turne	verb	nor
gynna	verb	swe	bate	verb	nor
gynna	verb	swe	favorisere	verb	nor
gynna	verb	swe	gagne	verb	nor
gynna	verb	swe	nytte	verb	nor
gynna	verb	swe	stø	verb	nor
gynna	verb	swe	støe	verb	nor
gynna	verb	swe	støtte	verb	nor
gäckas	adjective	swe	krangle	adjective	nor
gälda	verb	swe	betale	verb	nor
gälda	verb	swe	erlegge	verb	nor
gälla	verb	swe	gjelde	verb	nor
gänga	verb	swe	gjenge	verb	nor
gäspa	verb	swe	gaupe	verb	nor
gäspa	verb	swe	gjespe	verb	nor
gästa	verb	swe	gjeste	verb	nor
gå	verb	swe	fare	verb	nor
gå	verb	swe	gå	verb	nor
gå	verb	swe	ta	verb	nor
gå	verb	swe	åke	verb	nor
gå på	verb	swe	koste	verb	nor
gånga	verb	swe	fare	verb	nor
gånga	verb	swe	gå	verb	nor
gånga	verb	swe	åke	verb	nor
gångra	verb	swe	gange	verb	nor
gångra	verb	swe	multiplisere	verb	nor
göda	verb	swe	forberede	verb	nor
göda	verb	swe	førebu	verb	nor
göda	verb	swe	gjøde	verb	nor
göda	verb	swe	utmerke	verb	nor
gödsla	verb	swe	forberede	verb	nor
gödsla	verb	swe	førebu	verb	nor
gödsla	verb	swe	gjødsle	verb	nor
gömma	verb	swe	gjemme	verb	nor
gömma	verb	swe	gøyme	verb	nor
gömma sig	verb	swe	gjemme seg	verb	nor
gömma sig	verb	swe	gøyme seg	verb	nor
göra	verb	swe	gjere	verb	nor
göra	verb	swe	gjøre	verb	nor
göra	verb	swe	lage	verb	nor
hacka	verb	swe	hacke	verb	nor
hacka	verb	swe	hakke	verb	nor
hacka	verb	swe	stotre	verb	nor
hagla	verb	swe	hagle	verb	nor
haja	verb	swe	forstå	verb	nor
haka	verb	swe	hake	verb	nor
haka	verb	swe	huke	verb	nor
hala	verb	swe	hale	verb	nor
hala	verb	swe	hanke	verb	nor
hala	verb	swe	hente	verb	nor
halka	verb	swe	gli	verb	nor
halka	verb	swe	glide	verb	nor
hallucinera	verb	swe	hallusinere	verb	nor
halshugga	verb	swe	halshogge	verb	nor
halshugga	verb	swe	halshugge	verb	nor
halstra	verb	swe	riste	verb	nor
halta	verb	swe	halte	verb	nor
halvera	verb	swe	halve	verb	nor
halvera	verb	swe	halvere	verb	nor
halvsova	verb	swe	halvsove	verb	nor
hamna	verb	swe	hamne	verb	nor
hamna	verb	swe	havne	verb	nor
hamra	verb	swe	hamre	verb	nor
hamstra	verb	swe	hamstre	verb	nor
handha	verb	swe	handsame	verb	nor
handha	verb	swe	handtere	verb	nor
handha	verb	swe	håndtere	verb	nor
handikappa	verb	swe	handikappe	verb	nor
handla	verb	swe	handle	verb	nor
handlägga	verb	swe	behandle	verb	nor
handplocka	verb	swe	handplukke	verb	nor
handplocka	verb	swe	håndplukke	verb	nor
handskas	adjective	swe	handsame	adjective	nor
handskas	adjective	swe	handtere	adjective	nor
handskas	adjective	swe	håndtere	adjective	nor
hantera	verb	swe	handsame	verb	nor
hantera	verb	swe	handtere	verb	nor
hantera	verb	swe	håndtere	verb	nor
harkla	verb	swe	harkle	verb	nor
harma	verb	swe	harme	verb	nor
harmoniera	verb	swe	harmonere	verb	nor
harmoniera	verb	swe	harmonisere	verb	nor
harmonisera	verb	swe	harmonisere	verb	nor
harpunera	verb	swe	harpunere	verb	nor
harva	verb	swe	harve	verb	nor
haspla	verb	swe	vinne	verb	nor
hasta	verb	swe	dumme	verb	nor
hasta	verb	swe	haste	verb	nor
hata	verb	swe	hate	verb	nor
hata	verb	swe	mislike	verb	nor
haverera	verb	swe	havarere	verb	nor
hedra	verb	swe	hedre	verb	nor
hedra	verb	swe	heidre	verb	nor
hedra	verb	swe	ære	verb	nor
heja	verb	swe	heie	verb	nor
hejda	verb	swe	hevle	verb	nor
hejda	verb	swe	stane	verb	nor
hejda	verb	swe	stanse	verb	nor
hejda	verb	swe	stoppe	verb	nor
hela	verb	swe	heile	verb	nor
hela	verb	swe	hele	verb	nor
helga	verb	swe	heilage	verb	nor
helga	verb	swe	helge	verb	nor
helga	verb	swe	hellige	verb	nor
helgardera	verb	swe	heilgardere	verb	nor
helgardera	verb	swe	helgardere	verb	nor
hemföra	verb	swe	heimføre	verb	nor
hemföra	verb	swe	hjemføre	verb	nor
hemförlova	verb	swe	heimsende	verb	nor
hemförlova	verb	swe	hjemsende	verb	nor
hemförlova	verb	swe	sende heim	verb	nor
hemförlova	verb	swe	sende hjem	verb	nor
hemligstämpla	verb	swe	hemmelegstemple	verb	nor
hemligstämpla	verb	swe	hemmeligstemple	verb	nor
hemställa	verb	swe	anbefale	verb	nor
hemställa	verb	swe	rå til	verb	nor
hemställa	verb	swe	tilrå	verb	nor
hemsöka	verb	swe	heimsøke	verb	nor
hemsöka	verb	swe	heimsøkje	verb	nor
hemsöka	verb	swe	hjemsøke	verb	nor
heta	verb	swe	heite	verb	nor
heta	verb	swe	hete	verb	nor
hetsa	verb	swe	føyse	verb	nor
hetsa	verb	swe	hetse	verb	nor
hetsa	verb	swe	hundjage	verb	nor
hetsa	verb	swe	jage	verb	nor
hetsa	verb	swe	jakte	verb	nor
hetsa	verb	swe	kjeppjage	verb	nor
hetsa	verb	swe	veide	verb	nor
hetta	verb	swe	brenne	verb	nor
hetta	verb	swe	loge	verb	nor
hetta	verb	swe	lue	verb	nor
hicka	verb	swe	hikke	verb	nor
hindra	verb	swe	forebygge	verb	nor
hindra	verb	swe	forhindre	verb	nor
hindra	verb	swe	førebygge	verb	nor
hindra	verb	swe	førebygge	verb	nor
hindra	verb	swe	hindre	verb	nor
hinna	verb	swe	nå	verb	nor
hinna	verb	swe	oppnå	verb	nor
hinna	verb	swe	rekke	verb	nor
hinna	verb	swe	rekke	verb	nor
hissa	verb	swe	heise	verb	nor
hissa	verb	swe	løfte	verb	nor
hitta	verb	swe	finne	verb	nor
hitta	verb	swe	hitte	verb	nor
hiva	verb	swe	hive	verb	nor
hjula	verb	swe	hjule	verb	nor
hjälpa	verb	swe	hjelpe	verb	nor
hjärntvätta	verb	swe	hjernevaske	verb	nor
hoa	verb	swe	hoie	verb	nor
hoa	verb	swe	hue	verb	nor
hoa	verb	swe	huie	verb	nor
hoa	verb	swe	huje	verb	nor
hoja	verb	swe	sykle	verb	nor
hojta	verb	swe	kaue	verb	nor
hojta	verb	swe	kauke	verb	nor
hojta	verb	swe	rope	verb	nor
homogenisera	verb	swe	homogenisere	verb	nor
honorera	verb	swe	honorere	verb	nor
honorera	verb	swe	ære	verb	nor
hopa	verb	swe	akkumulere	verb	nor
hopa	verb	swe	hauge	verb	nor
hopa	verb	swe	hope	verb	nor
hoppa	verb	swe	bykse	verb	nor
hoppa	verb	swe	hoppe	verb	nor
hoppa	verb	swe	horse	verb	nor
hoppa	verb	swe	hufse	verb	nor
hoppa	verb	swe	springe	verb	nor
hoppas	adjective	swe	forhåpe	adjective	nor
hoppas	adjective	swe	håpe	adjective	nor
hoppas	adjective	swe	vone	adjective	nor
hora	verb	swe	hore	verb	nor
hospitalisera	verb	swe	hospitalisere	verb	nor
hosta	verb	swe	hoste	verb	nor
hosta	verb	swe	skrø	verb	nor
hota	verb	swe	hote	verb	nor
hota	verb	swe	true	verb	nor
hota	verb	swe	true	verb	nor
hota	verb	swe	true	verb	nor
hugga	verb	swe	hogge	verb	nor
hugga	verb	swe	hugge	verb	nor
hugga	verb	swe	kjakse	verb	nor
hugga	verb	swe	kolle	verb	nor
hugga	verb	swe	snaue	verb	nor
hulka	verb	swe	hulke	verb	nor
humanisera	verb	swe	humanisere	verb	nor
hundsfottera	verb	swe	hundse	verb	nor
hungerstrejka	verb	swe	sveltestreike	verb	nor
hungra	verb	swe	hungre	verb	nor
hunsa	verb	swe	hundse	verb	nor
husera	verb	swe	husere	verb	nor
hybridisera	verb	swe	krysse	verb	nor
hyckla	verb	swe	hykle	verb	nor
hylla	verb	swe	hylle	verb	nor
hypnotisera	verb	swe	hypnotisere	verb	nor
hyra	verb	swe	hyre	verb	nor
hyra	verb	swe	leie	verb	nor
hyra	verb	swe	leige	verb	nor
hysa	verb	swe	gjemme	verb	nor
hysa	verb	swe	gjømme	verb	nor
hysa	verb	swe	gøyme	verb	nor
hysa	verb	swe	huse	verb	nor
hysa	verb	swe	hyse	verb	nor
hysa	verb	swe	lagre	verb	nor
hyssja	verb	swe	tysse	verb	nor
hyvla	verb	swe	høvle	verb	nor
häcka	verb	swe	yngle	verb	nor
häckla	verb	swe	hekle	verb	nor
häda	verb	swe	spotte	verb	nor
hägra	verb	swe	demre	verb	nor
häkta	verb	swe	arrestere	verb	nor
häkta	verb	swe	hekte	verb	nor
hälla	verb	swe	bratte	verb	nor
hälla	verb	swe	helle	verb	nor
hällregna	verb	swe	fossregne	verb	nor
hällregna	verb	swe	siregne	verb	nor
hällregna	verb	swe	sprutregne	verb	nor
hällregna	verb	swe	stridregne	verb	nor
hällregna	verb	swe	striregne	verb	nor
hällregna	verb	swe	yre	verb	nor
hälsa	verb	swe	helse	verb	nor
hälsa	verb	swe	hilse	verb	nor
hämma	verb	swe	avgrense	verb	nor
hämma	verb	swe	begrense	verb	nor
hämma	verb	swe	hemme	verb	nor
hämna	verb	swe	hemne	verb	nor
hämna	verb	swe	hevne	verb	nor
hämta	verb	swe	hanke	verb	nor
hämta	verb	swe	hente	verb	nor
hända	verb	swe	hende	verb	nor
hända	verb	swe	nå	verb	nor
hända	verb	swe	skje	verb	nor
hänga	verb	swe	hange	verb	nor
hänga	verb	swe	henge	verb	nor
hänga	verb	swe	hengje	verb	nor
hänga	verb	swe	lakre	verb	nor
hänga	verb	swe	lepe	verb	nor
hänga	verb	swe	slarke	verb	nor
hänskjuta	verb	swe	henvise	verb	nor
hänskjuta	verb	swe	vise	verb	nor
hänvisa	verb	swe	henvise	verb	nor
hänvisa	verb	swe	vise	verb	nor
härbärgera	verb	swe	herbergere	verb	nor
härbärgera	verb	swe	huse	verb	nor
härda	verb	swe	herde	verb	nor
härja	verb	swe	herje	verb	nor
härma	verb	swe	herme	verb	nor
härma	verb	swe	imitere	verb	nor
härska	verb	swe	herske	verb	nor
härskna	verb	swe	harskne	verb	nor
härstamma	verb	swe	stamme	verb	nor
härstamma	verb	swe	stamme fra	verb	nor
härstamma	verb	swe	stamme frå	verb	nor
häva	verb	swe	heve	verb	nor
hävda	verb	swe	hevde	verb	nor
håla	verb	swe	hole	verb	nor
håla	verb	swe	hule	verb	nor
hålla	verb	swe	halde	verb	nor
hålla	verb	swe	holde	verb	nor
håna	verb	swe	geine	verb	nor
håna	verb	swe	håne	verb	nor
håna	verb	swe	persiflere	verb	nor
håna	verb	swe	spotte	verb	nor
håna	verb	swe	æreskjelle	verb	nor
hångla	verb	swe	kjæle	verb	nor
hångla	verb	swe	kjærtegne	verb	nor
hångla	verb	swe	kjærteikne	verb	nor
hånle	verb	swe	hånflire	verb	nor
hånle	verb	swe	hånle	verb	nor
hånle	verb	swe	kaldflire	verb	nor
hånle	verb	swe	kaldskratte	verb	nor
hårdna	verb	swe	herde	verb	nor
håva	verb	swe	fakke	verb	nor
håva	verb	swe	fange	verb	nor
högakta	verb	swe	høgakte	verb	nor
högakta	verb	swe	høyakte	verb	nor
höja	verb	swe	heve	verb	nor
höja	verb	swe	høyne	verb	nor
höja	verb	swe	øke	verb	nor
hölja	verb	swe	pakke	verb	nor
höra	verb	swe	høre	verb	nor
höra	verb	swe	høyre	verb	nor
hörsamma	verb	swe	adlyde	verb	nor
hörsamma	verb	swe	lyde	verb	nor
hösta	verb	swe	hauste	verb	nor
hösta	verb	swe	høste	verb	nor
hösta in	verb	swe	hauste	verb	nor
iaktta	verb	swe	observere	verb	nor
idealisera	verb	swe	idealisere	verb	nor
identifiera	verb	swe	identifisere	verb	nor
idka	verb	swe	idke	verb	nor
ifrågasätta	verb	swe	setje spørsmålsteikn ved	verb	nor
ifrågasätta	verb	swe	sette spørsmålstegn ved	verb	nor
ifrågasätta	verb	swe	stille spørsmål ved	verb	nor
ignorera	verb	swe	ignorere	verb	nor
igångsätta	verb	swe	initiere	verb	nor
iklä	verb	swe	ikle	verb	nor
ila	verb	swe	ile	verb	nor
illtjuta	verb	swe	remje	verb	nor
illtjuta	verb	swe	vræle	verb	nor
illustrera	verb	swe	illustrere	verb	nor
imitera	verb	swe	etterlikne	verb	nor
imitera	verb	swe	herme	verb	nor
imitera	verb	swe	imitere	verb	nor
imma	verb	swe	eime	verb	nor
immigrera	verb	swe	emigrere	verb	nor
immigrera	verb	swe	immigrere	verb	nor
immunisera	verb	swe	immunisere	verb	nor
impa	verb	swe	imponere	verb	nor
implantera	verb	swe	implantere	verb	nor
implementera	verb	swe	implementere	verb	nor
implicera	verb	swe	antyde	verb	nor
implicera	verb	swe	implisere	verb	nor
implodera	verb	swe	implodere	verb	nor
imponera	verb	swe	imponere	verb	nor
importera	verb	swe	importere	verb	nor
impregnera	verb	swe	impregnere	verb	nor
improvisera	verb	swe	improvisere	verb	nor
inaktivera	verb	swe	inaktivere	verb	nor
inandas	adjective	swe	puste	adjective	nor
inarbeta	verb	swe	inkorporere	verb	nor
inarbeta	verb	swe	innarbeide	verb	nor
inarbeta	verb	swe	innlemme	verb	nor
inaugurera	verb	swe	inaugurere	verb	nor
inbegripa	verb	swe	inkludere	verb	nor
inbegripa	verb	swe	innbefatte	verb	nor
inbegripa	verb	swe	omfatte	verb	nor
inbetala	verb	swe	innbetale	verb	nor
inbilla	verb	swe	innbille	verb	nor
inbjuda	verb	swe	innby	verb	nor
indela	verb	swe	inndele	verb	nor
indexera	verb	swe	indeksere	verb	nor
indexera	verb	swe	indeksregulere	verb	nor
indexreglera	verb	swe	indeksregulere	verb	nor
indikera	verb	swe	indikere	verb	nor
individualisera	verb	swe	individualisere	verb	nor
indoktrinera	verb	swe	indoktrinere	verb	nor
indra	verb	swe	inndra	verb	nor
inducera	verb	swe	indusere	verb	nor
industrialisera	verb	swe	industrialisere	verb	nor
infantilisera	verb	swe	infantilisere	verb	nor
infektera	verb	swe	infisere	verb	nor
infiltrera	verb	swe	infiltrere	verb	nor
influera	verb	swe	influere	verb	nor
infoga	verb	swe	inkludere	verb	nor
informera	verb	swe	informere	verb	nor
infria	verb	swe	innfri	verb	nor
införa	verb	swe	innføre	verb	nor
införliva	verb	swe	inkorporere	verb	nor
införliva	verb	swe	innleme	verb	nor
införliva	verb	swe	innlemme	verb	nor
införskaffa	verb	swe	skaffe	verb	nor
införskaffa	verb	swe	tilegne	verb	nor
införskaffa	verb	swe	tileigne	verb	nor
inge	verb	swe	gi	verb	nor
inge	verb	swe	gje	verb	nor
ingravera	verb	swe	inngravere	verb	nor
ingå	verb	swe	gå inn	verb	nor
ingå	verb	swe	inngå	verb	nor
inhalera	verb	swe	inhalere	verb	nor
inhibera	verb	swe	inhibere	verb	nor
inhysa	verb	swe	huse	verb	nor
inhämta	verb	swe	innhente	verb	nor
initiera	verb	swe	initiere	verb	nor
injicera	verb	swe	injisere	verb	nor
inkalla	verb	swe	innkalle	verb	nor
inkarnera	verb	swe	inkarnere	verb	nor
inkarnera	verb	swe	legemliggjøre	verb	nor
inkassera	verb	swe	innkassere	verb	nor
inkludera	verb	swe	inkludere	verb	nor
inkorporera	verb	swe	inkorporere	verb	nor
inkräva	verb	swe	innkreve	verb	nor
inkräva	verb	swe	innkrevje	verb	nor
inkvartera	verb	swe	innkvartere	verb	nor
inköpa	verb	swe	innkjøpe	verb	nor
inköpa	verb	swe	kjøpe inn	verb	nor
inleda	verb	swe	innlede	verb	nor
inleda	verb	swe	innleie	verb	nor
inleda	verb	swe	starte	verb	nor
inlemma	verb	swe	inkorporere	verb	nor
inlemma	verb	swe	innleme	verb	nor
inlemma	verb	swe	innlemme	verb	nor
inlägga	verb	swe	innlegge	verb	nor
inlägga	verb	swe	innlegge	verb	nor
inlämna	verb	swe	innsende	verb	nor
inlära	verb	swe	innlære	verb	nor
inlösa	verb	swe	innløse	verb	nor
inlösa	verb	swe	innløyse	verb	nor
innebära	verb	swe	innebære	verb	nor
innefatta	verb	swe	inkludere	verb	nor
innefatta	verb	swe	innbefatte	verb	nor
innefatta	verb	swe	omfatte	verb	nor
inneha	verb	swe	inneha	verb	nor
innehålla	verb	swe	innehalde	verb	nor
innehålla	verb	swe	inneholde	verb	nor
inokulera	verb	swe	inokulere	verb	nor
inordna	verb	swe	innordne	verb	nor
inordna	verb	swe	tilpasse	verb	nor
inpassa	verb	swe	innpasse	verb	nor
inprägla	verb	swe	forme	verb	nor
inpränta	verb	swe	imponere	verb	nor
inpränta	verb	swe	innprente	verb	nor
inrapportera	verb	swe	innrapportere	verb	nor
inrapportera	verb	swe	rapportere	verb	nor
inreda	verb	swe	innreie	verb	nor
inreda	verb	swe	innrette	verb	nor
inregistrera	verb	swe	innregistrere	verb	nor
inrikta	verb	swe	beinke	verb	nor
inrikta	verb	swe	fokusere	verb	nor
inrikta	verb	swe	rette	verb	nor
inrikta	verb	swe	streite	verb	nor
inringa	verb	swe	kringsetje	verb	nor
inringa	verb	swe	kringsette	verb	nor
inringa	verb	swe	omringe	verb	nor
inrista	verb	swe	risse inn	verb	nor
inrätta	verb	swe	innrette	verb	nor
inrätta	verb	swe	skape	verb	nor
insamla	verb	swe	innsamle	verb	nor
insamla	verb	swe	samle inn	verb	nor
inse	verb	swe	innse	verb	nor
inse	verb	swe	innsjå	verb	nor
inseminera	verb	swe	inseminere	verb	nor
insinuera	verb	swe	antyde	verb	nor
insinuera	verb	swe	insinuere	verb	nor
insistera	verb	swe	insistere	verb	nor
inskriva	verb	swe	innskrive	verb	nor
inskränka	verb	swe	avgrense	verb	nor
inskränka	verb	swe	begrense	verb	nor
inskränka	verb	swe	innskrenke	verb	nor
inskärpa	verb	swe	innskjerpe	verb	nor
inspektera	verb	swe	inspisere	verb	nor
inspektera	verb	swe	visere	verb	nor
inspirera	verb	swe	inspirere	verb	nor
inspärra	verb	swe	sperre inne	verb	nor
installera	verb	swe	installere	verb	nor
instifta	verb	swe	nyskipe	verb	nor
instifta	verb	swe	opprette	verb	nor
instifta	verb	swe	stifte	verb	nor
institutionalisera	verb	swe	institusjonalisere	verb	nor
instruera	verb	swe	instruere	verb	nor
instruera	verb	swe	regissere	verb	nor
instrumentera	verb	swe	instrumentere	verb	nor
instudera	verb	swe	innstudere	verb	nor
instudera	verb	swe	øve	verb	nor
inställa	verb	swe	innstille	verb	nor
instämma	verb	swe	istemme	verb	nor
insupa	verb	swe	absorbere	verb	nor
insända	verb	swe	sende inn	verb	nor
inta	verb	swe	innta	verb	nor
integrera	verb	swe	integrere	verb	nor
intellektualisera	verb	swe	intellektualisere	verb	nor
intensifiera	verb	swe	intensifiere	verb	nor
intensifiera	verb	swe	intensivere	verb	nor
internalisera	verb	swe	internalisere	verb	nor
internationalisera	verb	swe	internasjonalisere	verb	nor
internera	verb	swe	internere	verb	nor
interpretera	verb	swe	interpretere	verb	nor
intervenera	verb	swe	gripe inn	verb	nor
intervenera	verb	swe	intervenere	verb	nor
intervjua	verb	swe	intervjue	verb	nor
intressera	verb	swe	interessere	verb	nor
introducera	verb	swe	innføre	verb	nor
introducera	verb	swe	introdusere	verb	nor
inträda	verb	swe	delta	verb	nor
inträffa	verb	swe	forekomme	verb	nor
inträffa	verb	swe	hende	verb	nor
inträffa	verb	swe	inntreffe	verb	nor
inträffa	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
intyga	verb	swe	attestere	verb	nor
intyga	verb	swe	vitne	verb	nor
invadera	verb	swe	invadere	verb	nor
invagga	verb	swe	lulle	verb	nor
invalidisera	verb	swe	invalidisere	verb	nor
invandra	verb	swe	immigrere	verb	nor
invandra	verb	swe	innvandre	verb	nor
inveckla	verb	swe	innvikle	verb	nor
inventera	verb	swe	inventere	verb	nor
inverka	verb	swe	påverke	verb	nor
inverka	verb	swe	påvirke	verb	nor
invertera	verb	swe	invertere	verb	nor
investera	verb	swe	investere	verb	nor
inviga	verb	swe	innvie	verb	nor
invitera	verb	swe	invitere	verb	nor
involvera	verb	swe	involvere	verb	nor
invälja	verb	swe	velge	verb	nor
invälja	verb	swe	velje	verb	nor
invända	verb	swe	innvende	verb	nor
inympa	verb	swe	pode	verb	nor
iordningställa	verb	swe	arrangere	verb	nor
iordningställa	verb	swe	fli	verb	nor
iordningställa	verb	swe	hage	verb	nor
iordningställa	verb	swe	make	verb	nor
iordningställa	verb	swe	ordne	verb	nor
iordningställa	verb	swe	stelle	verb	nor
ironisera	verb	swe	ironisere	verb	nor
irra	verb	swe	irre	verb	nor
irritera	verb	swe	irritere	verb	nor
isa	verb	swe	ise	verb	nor
iscensätta	verb	swe	iscenesetje	verb	nor
iscensätta	verb	swe	iscenesette	verb	nor
islamisera	verb	swe	islamisere	verb	nor
islägga	verb	swe	islegge	verb	nor
islägga	verb	swe	islegge	verb	nor
isolera	verb	swe	isolere	verb	nor
ivra	verb	swe	ivre	verb	nor
jaga	verb	swe	føyse	verb	nor
jaga	verb	swe	gå på jakt	verb	nor
jaga	verb	swe	hundjage	verb	nor
jaga	verb	swe	jage	verb	nor
jaga	verb	swe	jakte	verb	nor
jaga	verb	swe	kjeppjage	verb	nor
jaga	verb	swe	veide	verb	nor
jama	verb	swe	mjaue	verb	nor
jamsa	verb	swe	vase	verb	nor
jamsa	verb	swe	vrøvle	verb	nor
jazzifiera	verb	swe	jassifisere	verb	nor
jazzifiera	verb	swe	jazzifisere	verb	nor
jobba	verb	swe	arbeide	verb	nor
jobba	verb	swe	jobbe	verb	nor
joddla	verb	swe	jodle	verb	nor
jogga	verb	swe	jogge	verb	nor
jollra	verb	swe	bable	verb	nor
jollra	verb	swe	pjutre	verb	nor
jollra	verb	swe	pludre	verb	nor
jonglera	verb	swe	sjonglere	verb	nor
jonisera	verb	swe	ionisere	verb	nor
jordfästa	verb	swe	begrave	verb	nor
jordfästa	verb	swe	gravlegge	verb	nor
jordfästa	verb	swe	gravlegge	verb	nor
jordslå	verb	swe	jordslå	verb	nor
joxa	verb	swe	fikle	verb	nor
joxa	verb	swe	pote	verb	nor
joxa	verb	swe	rote	verb	nor
joxa	verb	swe	urydde	verb	nor
jubilera	verb	swe	jubilere	verb	nor
jubla	verb	swe	juble	verb	nor
jucka	verb	swe	grøsse	verb	nor
jucka	verb	swe	ryste	verb	nor
jucka	verb	swe	skake	verb	nor
jucka	verb	swe	skumple	verb	nor
justera	verb	swe	granske	verb	nor
justera	verb	swe	justere	verb	nor
justera	verb	swe	probere	verb	nor
jäklas	adjective	swe	krangle	adjective	nor
jäkta	verb	swe	føyse	verb	nor
jäkta	verb	swe	hundjage	verb	nor
jäkta	verb	swe	jage	verb	nor
jäkta	verb	swe	jakte	verb	nor
jäkta	verb	swe	kjeppjage	verb	nor
jäkta	verb	swe	veide	verb	nor
jämföra	verb	swe	jamføre	verb	nor
jämföra	verb	swe	jevnføre	verb	nor
jämföra	verb	swe	samanlikne	verb	nor
jämföra	verb	swe	sammenligne	verb	nor
jämföra	verb	swe	sammenlikne	verb	nor
jämna	verb	swe	glatte	verb	nor
jämna	verb	swe	jamne	verb	nor
jämna	verb	swe	jevne	verb	nor
jämställa	verb	swe	assimilere	verb	nor
jämställa	verb	swe	jamstille	verb	nor
jämställa	verb	swe	likestille	verb	nor
jäsa	verb	swe	gjære	verb	nor
kackla	verb	swe	kakle	verb	nor
kalasa	verb	swe	feire	verb	nor
kalhugga	verb	swe	snauhogge	verb	nor
kalibrera	verb	swe	kalibrere	verb	nor
kalka	verb	swe	kalke	verb	nor
kalkera	verb	swe	kalkere	verb	nor
kalkylera	verb	swe	kalkulere	verb	nor
kalla	verb	swe	kalle	verb	nor
kalla	verb	swe	ringe	verb	nor
kalva	verb	swe	kalve	verb	nor
kameraövervaka	verb	swe	kameraovervake	verb	nor
kameraövervaka	verb	swe	kameraovervåke	verb	nor
kamma	verb	swe	kjemme	verb	nor
kamma hem	verb	swe	vinne	verb	nor
kamouflera	verb	swe	kamuflere	verb	nor
kampa	verb	swe	campe	verb	nor
kampa	verb	swe	kampere	verb	nor
kampa	verb	swe	telte	verb	nor
kanalisera	verb	swe	kanalisere	verb	nor
kandera	verb	swe	kandisere	verb	nor
kandidera	verb	swe	kandidere	verb	nor
kanonisera	verb	swe	kanonisere	verb	nor
kanta	verb	swe	kante	verb	nor
kantra	verb	swe	kantre	verb	nor
kantra	verb	swe	kapseise	verb	nor
kapa	verb	swe	kapre	verb	nor
kapitalisera	verb	swe	kapitalisere	verb	nor
kapitulera	verb	swe	kapitulere	verb	nor
kappas	adjective	swe	kabbe	adjective	nor
kappas	adjective	swe	kappe	adjective	nor
kapsejsa	verb	swe	kantre	verb	nor
karakterisera	verb	swe	karakterisere	verb	nor
karakterisera	verb	swe	prege	verb	nor
karaktärisera	verb	swe	karakterisere	verb	nor
karikera	verb	swe	karikere	verb	nor
kartlägga	verb	swe	kartlegge	verb	nor
kartlägga	verb	swe	kartlegge	verb	nor
karva	verb	swe	snitte	verb	nor
kasa	verb	swe	gli	verb	nor
kasa	verb	swe	glide	verb	nor
kassera	verb	swe	kassere	verb	nor
kasta	verb	swe	kaste	verb	nor
kasta	verb	swe	pelme	verb	nor
kasta	verb	swe	pælme	verb	nor
kastrera	verb	swe	jelke	verb	nor
kastrera	verb	swe	kapunere	verb	nor
kastrera	verb	swe	kastrere	verb	nor
katalogisera	verb	swe	katalogisere	verb	nor
katalysera	verb	swe	katalysere	verb	nor
kategorisera	verb	swe	kategorisere	verb	nor
kedja	verb	swe	kjede	verb	nor
kedjeröka	verb	swe	kjederøke	verb	nor
kedjeröka	verb	swe	kjederøyke	verb	nor
kedjeröka	verb	swe	kjederøyke	verb	nor
kela	verb	swe	kjæle	verb	nor
kela	verb	swe	kjærtegne	verb	nor
kela	verb	swe	kjærteikne	verb	nor
kicka	verb	swe	sparke	verb	nor
kicka	verb	swe	tuppe	verb	nor
kidnappa	verb	swe	kidnappe	verb	nor
kika	verb	swe	kikke	verb	nor
kila	verb	swe	kile	verb	nor
kila	verb	swe	kisle	verb	nor
kila	verb	swe	kitle	verb	nor
kinesa	verb	swe	overnatte	verb	nor
kippa	verb	swe	svuppe	verb	nor
kirra	verb	swe	greie	verb	nor
kirra	verb	swe	klare	verb	nor
kirra	verb	swe	kremte	verb	nor
kirra	verb	swe	røkje	verb	nor
kissa	verb	swe	mige	verb	nor
kissa	verb	swe	nisse	verb	nor
kissa	verb	swe	pinke	verb	nor
kissa	verb	swe	tisse	verb	nor
kitta	verb	swe	kitte	verb	nor
kivas	adjective	swe	kive	adjective	nor
kladda	verb	swe	klatte	verb	nor
kladda	verb	swe	klusse	verb	nor
klaffa	verb	swe	applaudere	verb	nor
klaffa	verb	swe	klaffe	verb	nor
klaffa	verb	swe	klappe	verb	nor
klaffa	verb	swe	smeike	verb	nor
klaga	verb	swe	akke	verb	nor
klaga	verb	swe	klage	verb	nor
klampa	verb	swe	klampe	verb	nor
klamra	verb	swe	klamre	verb	nor
klandra	verb	swe	klandre	verb	nor
klandra	verb	swe	skamme	verb	nor
klandra	verb	swe	unnse	verb	nor
klandra	verb	swe	unnsjå	verb	nor
klanka	verb	swe	kritisere	verb	nor
klappa	verb	swe	applaudere	verb	nor
klappa	verb	swe	klaffe	verb	nor
klappa	verb	swe	klappe	verb	nor
klappa	verb	swe	smeike	verb	nor
klappra	verb	swe	klapre	verb	nor
klappra	verb	swe	skrakle	verb	nor
klappra	verb	swe	skrangle	verb	nor
klara	verb	swe	greie	verb	nor
klara	verb	swe	klare	verb	nor
klara	verb	swe	kremte	verb	nor
klara	verb	swe	røkje	verb	nor
klara upp	verb	swe	klarlegge	verb	nor
klarera	verb	swe	klarere	verb	nor
klargöra	verb	swe	avklare	verb	nor
klargöra	verb	swe	klarlegge	verb	nor
klarlägga	verb	swe	klarlegge	verb	nor
klarna	verb	swe	klarne	verb	nor
klassa	verb	swe	klasse	verb	nor
klassa	verb	swe	klassifisere	verb	nor
klassificera	verb	swe	klassifisere	verb	nor
klatscha	verb	swe	kneppe	verb	nor
klatscha	verb	swe	knepre	verb	nor
klatscha	verb	swe	knerte	verb	nor
klatscha	verb	swe	kneste	verb	nor
klatscha	verb	swe	knette	verb	nor
klatscha	verb	swe	neppe	verb	nor
klatscha	verb	swe	smale	verb	nor
klatscha	verb	swe	smatre	verb	nor
klatscha	verb	swe	smelle	verb	nor
klena	verb	swe	smøre	verb	nor
klena	verb	swe	smørje	verb	nor
kleta	verb	swe	arbeide	verb	nor
kleta	verb	swe	jobbe	verb	nor
klia	verb	swe	kleie	verb	nor
klia	verb	swe	klå	verb	nor
klia	verb	swe	klø	verb	nor
klia	verb	swe	krisle	verb	nor
klicka	verb	swe	klikke	verb	nor
klinga	verb	swe	klinge	verb	nor
klinga	verb	swe	klingre	verb	nor
klinga	verb	swe	tinkle	verb	nor
klinka	verb	swe	klimpre	verb	nor
klinka	verb	swe	klinke	verb	nor
klippa	verb	swe	klippe	verb	nor
klippa	verb	swe	kutte	verb	nor
klippa till	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
klirra	verb	swe	klirre	verb	nor
klistra	verb	swe	dalke	verb	nor
klistra	verb	swe	klabbe	verb	nor
klistra	verb	swe	kleime	verb	nor
klistra	verb	swe	klisse	verb	nor
klistra	verb	swe	klistre	verb	nor
klistra	verb	swe	lime	verb	nor
klocka	verb	swe	klokke	verb	nor
klona	verb	swe	klone	verb	nor
klubba	verb	swe	klubbe	verb	nor
klubba	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
klucka	verb	swe	klukke	verb	nor
klucka	verb	swe	klunke	verb	nor
klucka	verb	swe	sukle	verb	nor
klucka	verb	swe	surle	verb	nor
klyfta	verb	swe	kløfte	verb	nor
klyva	verb	swe	klyve	verb	nor
klyva	verb	swe	kløyve	verb	nor
klä	verb	swe	kle	verb	nor
klä	verb	swe	klede	verb	nor
klä om	verb	swe	ekvipere	verb	nor
kläcka	verb	swe	klekke	verb	nor
kläcka	verb	swe	klekkje	verb	nor
klämma	verb	swe	klemme	verb	nor
klämma	verb	swe	kreiste	verb	nor
klämta	verb	swe	klemme	verb	nor
klämta	verb	swe	klemte	verb	nor
klämta	verb	swe	kreiste	verb	nor
klänga	verb	swe	klenge	verb	nor
klänga	verb	swe	klynge	verb	nor
klättra	verb	swe	klatre	verb	nor
klättra	verb	swe	klive	verb	nor
klättra	verb	swe	klyve	verb	nor
klå	verb	swe	tafse	verb	nor
klåpa	verb	swe	keivle	verb	nor
klåpa	verb	swe	kludre	verb	nor
klåpa	verb	swe	klundre	verb	nor
klåpa	verb	swe	kløne	verb	nor
klösa	verb	swe	krafse	verb	nor
klösa	verb	swe	krasse	verb	nor
knacka	verb	swe	banke	verb	nor
knacka	verb	swe	delje	verb	nor
knacka	verb	swe	kakke	verb	nor
knacka	verb	swe	knakke	verb	nor
knacka	verb	swe	kryste	verb	nor
knacka	verb	swe	skrappe	verb	nor
knacka	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
knaka	verb	swe	knake	verb	nor
knaka	verb	swe	knirke	verb	nor
knalla	verb	swe	knalle	verb	nor
knarra	verb	swe	gnike	verb	nor
knarra	verb	swe	gnikse	verb	nor
knarra	verb	swe	gnirke	verb	nor
knarra	verb	swe	knirke	verb	nor
knarra	verb	swe	knisle	verb	nor
knarra	verb	swe	rikse	verb	nor
knarra	verb	swe	rikte	verb	nor
knastra	verb	swe	knase	verb	nor
knata	verb	swe	pilte	verb	nor
knattra	verb	swe	knalle	verb	nor
knipa	verb	swe	klype	verb	nor
knipa	verb	swe	knipe	verb	nor
knipsa	verb	swe	snitte	verb	nor
knirka	verb	swe	gnike	verb	nor
knirka	verb	swe	gnikse	verb	nor
knirka	verb	swe	gnirke	verb	nor
knirka	verb	swe	knirke	verb	nor
knirka	verb	swe	knisle	verb	nor
knirka	verb	swe	rikse	verb	nor
knirka	verb	swe	rikte	verb	nor
knirra	verb	swe	gnike	verb	nor
knirra	verb	swe	gnikse	verb	nor
knirra	verb	swe	gnirke	verb	nor
knirra	verb	swe	knirke	verb	nor
knirra	verb	swe	knisle	verb	nor
knirra	verb	swe	rikse	verb	nor
knirra	verb	swe	rikte	verb	nor
knistra	verb	swe	knistre	verb	nor
knivhugga	verb	swe	knivhugge	verb	nor
knocka	verb	swe	banke	verb	nor
knocka	verb	swe	delje	verb	nor
knocka	verb	swe	kakke	verb	nor
knocka	verb	swe	knakke	verb	nor
knocka	verb	swe	kryste	verb	nor
knocka	verb	swe	skrappe	verb	nor
knocka	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
knoppas	adjective	swe	knoppe	adjective	nor
knoppas	adjective	swe	knuppe	adjective	nor
knorra	verb	swe	knarre	verb	nor
knorra	verb	swe	knurre	verb	nor
knorra	verb	swe	murre	verb	nor
knota	verb	swe	klynke	verb	nor
knota	verb	swe	kvinke	verb	nor
knota	verb	swe	sangre	verb	nor
knota	verb	swe	sutre	verb	nor
knuffa	verb	swe	dulte	verb	nor
knuffa	verb	swe	kibbe	verb	nor
knuffa	verb	swe	knuffe	verb	nor
knuffa	verb	swe	skubbe	verb	nor
knuffa	verb	swe	skyve	verb	nor
knulla	verb	swe	knulle	verb	nor
knulla	verb	swe	pule	verb	nor
knycka	verb	swe	flytte	verb	nor
knycka	verb	swe	lugge	verb	nor
knycka	verb	swe	rykke	verb	nor
knyppla	verb	swe	kniple	verb	nor
knysta	verb	swe	mukke	verb	nor
knyta	verb	swe	bunte	verb	nor
knyta	verb	swe	kjerve	verb	nor
knyta	verb	swe	knippe	verb	nor
knyta	verb	swe	knope	verb	nor
knyta	verb	swe	knyte	verb	nor
knyta	verb	swe	knytte	verb	nor
knäböja	verb	swe	knee	verb	nor
knäböja	verb	swe	knele	verb	nor
knäcka	verb	swe	arbeide	verb	nor
knäcka	verb	swe	jobbe	verb	nor
knäcka	verb	swe	knekke	verb	nor
knäcka	verb	swe	sprekke	verb	nor
knäfalla	verb	swe	knee	verb	nor
knäfalla	verb	swe	knele	verb	nor
knäppa	verb	swe	dumme	verb	nor
knäppa	verb	swe	kneppe	verb	nor
knäppa	verb	swe	knipse	verb	nor
knåda	verb	swe	elte	verb	nor
knåda	verb	swe	kamse	verb	nor
knåda	verb	swe	kna	verb	nor
knåda	verb	swe	kumle	verb	nor
knåpa	verb	swe	banke	verb	nor
koagulera	verb	swe	koagulere	verb	nor
koda	verb	swe	kode	verb	nor
kodifiera	verb	swe	kodifisere	verb	nor
koka	verb	swe	forvelle	verb	nor
koka	verb	swe	klumpe	verb	nor
koka	verb	swe	koke	verb	nor
kokettera	verb	swe	flørte	verb	nor
kokettera	verb	swe	kokettere	verb	nor
kola	verb	swe	kjøle	verb	nor
kolla	verb	swe	sjå	verb	nor
kolla	verb	swe	se	verb	nor
kolla	verb	swe	sjekke	verb	nor
kolla	verb	swe	sjekke ut	verb	nor
kolla	verb	swe	undersøke	verb	nor
kollaborera	verb	swe	kollaborere	verb	nor
kollapsa	verb	swe	kollapse	verb	nor
kollationera	verb	swe	kontrollere	verb	nor
kollektivisera	verb	swe	kollektivisere	verb	nor
kollidera	verb	swe	kollidere	verb	nor
kolonisera	verb	swe	kolonisere	verb	nor
kolorera	verb	swe	kolorere	verb	nor
kombinera	verb	swe	kombinere	verb	nor
råka	verb	swe	komme	verb	nor
råka	verb	swe	komme	verb	nor
råka	verb	swe	treffe	verb	nor
komma	verb	swe	komme	verb	nor
komma	verb	swe	komme	verb	nor
komma bort	verb	swe	forsvinne	verb	nor
komma ihåg	verb	swe	hugse	verb	nor
komma ihåg	verb	swe	huske	verb	nor
komma ihåg	verb	swe	huske	verb	nor
kommendera	verb	swe	kommandere	verb	nor
kommentera	verb	swe	kommentere	verb	nor
kommersialisera	verb	swe	kommersialisere	verb	nor
kommunalisera	verb	swe	kommunalisere	verb	nor
kommunicera	verb	swe	kommunisere	verb	nor
kompa	verb	swe	akkompagnere	verb	nor
komparera	verb	swe	komparere	verb	nor
kompensera	verb	swe	kompensere	verb	nor
kompilera	verb	swe	kompilere	verb	nor
komplettera	verb	swe	komplettere	verb	nor
komplicera	verb	swe	komplisere	verb	nor
komplimentera	verb	swe	komplimentere	verb	nor
komponera	verb	swe	komponere	verb	nor
kompostera	verb	swe	kompostere	verb	nor
komprimera	verb	swe	komprimere	verb	nor
kompromettera	verb	swe	kompromittere	verb	nor
kompromissa	verb	swe	kompromisse	verb	nor
koncentrera	verb	swe	konsentrere	verb	nor
koncipiera	verb	swe	konsipere	verb	nor
kondensera	verb	swe	kondensere	verb	nor
kondolera	verb	swe	kondolere	verb	nor
konferera	verb	swe	konferere	verb	nor
konfigurera	verb	swe	konfigurere	verb	nor
konfirmera	verb	swe	ferme	verb	nor
konfirmera	verb	swe	konfirmere	verb	nor
konfiskera	verb	swe	konfiskere	verb	nor
konfrontera	verb	swe	konfrontere	verb	nor
kongruera	verb	swe	kongruere	verb	nor
konjugera	verb	swe	konjugere	verb	nor
konkludera	verb	swe	konkludere	verb	nor
konkretisera	verb	swe	konkretisere	verb	nor
konkurrensutsätta	verb	swe	konkurranseutsetje	verb	nor
konkurrensutsätta	verb	swe	konkurranseutsette	verb	nor
konkurrera	verb	swe	konkurrere	verb	nor
konsertera	verb	swe	konsertere	verb	nor
konservera	verb	swe	beholde	verb	nor
konservera	verb	swe	konservere	verb	nor
konsignera	verb	swe	konsignere	verb	nor
konsolidera	verb	swe	konsolidere	verb	nor
konspirera	verb	swe	konspirere	verb	nor
konstatera	verb	swe	fastslå	verb	nor
konstatera	verb	swe	konstatere	verb	nor
konstituera	verb	swe	konstituere	verb	nor
konstruera	verb	swe	konstruere	verb	nor
konsultera	verb	swe	konsultere	verb	nor
konsumera	verb	swe	konsumere	verb	nor
kontakta	verb	swe	kontakte	verb	nor
kontaminera	verb	swe	kontaminere	verb	nor
kontera	verb	swe	konte	verb	nor
kontera	verb	swe	kontere	verb	nor
kontrahera	verb	swe	kontrahere	verb	nor
kontrasignera	verb	swe	kontrasignere	verb	nor
kontrastera	verb	swe	kontrastere	verb	nor
kontrollera	verb	swe	etterprøve	verb	nor
kontrollera	verb	swe	ha makt over	verb	nor
kontrollera	verb	swe	kontrollere	verb	nor
kontrollera	verb	swe	råde over	verb	nor
konvergera	verb	swe	konvergere	verb	nor
konversera	verb	swe	konversere	verb	nor
konvertera	verb	swe	konvertere	verb	nor
koordinera	verb	swe	koordinere	verb	nor
kopiera	verb	swe	kopiere	verb	nor
koppla	verb	swe	koble	verb	nor
koppla	verb	swe	kople	verb	nor
kora	verb	swe	kore	verb	nor
kora	verb	swe	kåre	verb	nor
kora	verb	swe	single	verb	nor
kora	verb	swe	velge	verb	nor
kora	verb	swe	velje	verb	nor
korka	verb	swe	korke	verb	nor
korrelera	verb	swe	korrelere	verb	nor
korrespondera	verb	swe	korrespondere	verb	nor
korrigera	verb	swe	korrigere	verb	nor
korrigera	verb	swe	rette opp	verb	nor
korrodera	verb	swe	korrodere	verb	nor
korrumpera	verb	swe	korrumpere	verb	nor
korsa	verb	swe	krysse	verb	nor
korsfästa	verb	swe	korsfeste	verb	nor
korsförhöra	verb	swe	krysseksaminere	verb	nor
korsförhöra	verb	swe	kryssforhøre	verb	nor
korsförhöra	verb	swe	kryssforhøyre	verb	nor
kosta	verb	swe	koste	verb	nor
kostnadsberäkna	verb	swe	kostnadsrekne	verb	nor
kostnadsberäkna	verb	swe	kostnadsberegne	verb	nor
kostymera	verb	swe	kostymere	verb	nor
krackelera	verb	swe	krakelere	verb	nor
krafsa	verb	swe	krafse	verb	nor
krafsa	verb	swe	krasse	verb	nor
krama	verb	swe	klemme	verb	nor
krama	verb	swe	omfamne	verb	nor
krama	verb	swe	omfavne	verb	nor
krasa	verb	swe	knase	verb	nor
kratsa	verb	swe	krafse	verb	nor
kratsa	verb	swe	krasse	verb	nor
kratta	verb	swe	klore	verb	nor
kratta	verb	swe	rafse	verb	nor
kratta	verb	swe	rive	verb	nor
kratta	verb	swe	trase	verb	nor
kravla	verb	swe	klatre	verb	nor
kravla	verb	swe	krabbe	verb	nor
kravla	verb	swe	krake	verb	nor
kravla	verb	swe	kravle	verb	nor
kraxa	verb	swe	gjelle	verb	nor
kraxa	verb	swe	hauke	verb	nor
kraxa	verb	swe	oie	verb	nor
kraxa	verb	swe	råle	verb	nor
kraxa	verb	swe	skrike	verb	nor
kraxa	verb	swe	våle	verb	nor
kreditera	verb	swe	kreditere	verb	nor
kreera	verb	swe	kreere	verb	nor
kremera	verb	swe	kremere	verb	nor
kretsa	verb	swe	kretse	verb	nor
kretsa	verb	swe	krinse	verb	nor
krevera	verb	swe	eksplodere	verb	nor
kriga	verb	swe	krige	verb	nor
kriminalisera	verb	swe	kriminalisere	verb	nor
kringgärda	verb	swe	omskrive	verb	nor
kringgå	verb	swe	kringgå	verb	nor
kringränna	verb	swe	kringsetje	verb	nor
kringränna	verb	swe	kringsette	verb	nor
kringränna	verb	swe	omringe	verb	nor
kringskära	verb	swe	avgrense	verb	nor
kringskära	verb	swe	begrense	verb	nor
kringskära	verb	swe	skjere	verb	nor
kringskära	verb	swe	skjære	verb	nor
kristallisera	verb	swe	krystallisere	verb	nor
kristna	verb	swe	kristne	verb	nor
kristna	verb	swe	omvende	verb	nor
krita	verb	swe	krite	verb	nor
kritisera	verb	swe	kritisere	verb	nor
krocka	verb	swe	bulke	verb	nor
krocka	verb	swe	kollidere	verb	nor
kroma	verb	swe	forkromme	verb	nor
kroppsvisitera	verb	swe	kroppsvisitere	verb	nor
krossa	verb	swe	knuse	verb	nor
krossa	verb	swe	knustre	verb	nor
krossa	verb	swe	krase	verb	nor
krossa	verb	swe	krosse	verb	nor
krossa	verb	swe	krysse	verb	nor
krossa	verb	swe	pukke	verb	nor
krubba	verb	swe	ete	verb	nor
krubba	verb	swe	spise	verb	nor
krulla	verb	swe	bukle	verb	nor
krulla	verb	swe	knurve	verb	nor
krulla	verb	swe	krulle	verb	nor
krulla	verb	swe	krølle	verb	nor
krulla	verb	swe	kveile	verb	nor
krusa	verb	swe	kruse	verb	nor
krydda	verb	swe	krydre	verb	nor
krylla	verb	swe	aure	verb	nor
krylla	verb	swe	myldre	verb	nor
krympa	verb	swe	krympe	verb	nor
krypa	verb	swe	klatre	verb	nor
krypa	verb	swe	krabbe	verb	nor
krypa	verb	swe	krake	verb	nor
krypa	verb	swe	kraume	verb	nor
krypa	verb	swe	kravle	verb	nor
krypa	verb	swe	kreke	verb	nor
krypa	verb	swe	krype	verb	nor
krypa	verb	swe	kure	verb	nor
kryptera	verb	swe	kryptere	verb	nor
kryptera	verb	swe	kryptifisere	verb	nor
kryssa	verb	swe	krysse	verb	nor
krysta	verb	swe	perse	verb	nor
krysta	verb	swe	presse	verb	nor
kräla	verb	swe	klatre	verb	nor
kräla	verb	swe	krabbe	verb	nor
kräla	verb	swe	krake	verb	nor
kräla	verb	swe	kravle	verb	nor
kränga	verb	swe	krenge	verb	nor
kränka	verb	swe	krenke	verb	nor
kräva	verb	swe	krevje	verb	nor
kräva	verb	swe	kreve	verb	nor
krävas	verb	swe	krevjast	verb	nor
krävas	verb	swe	kreves	verb	nor
krångla	verb	swe	keivle	verb	nor
krångla	verb	swe	kludre	verb	nor
krångla	verb	swe	klundre	verb	nor
krångla	verb	swe	kløne	verb	nor
kröka	verb	swe	kroke	verb	nor
kröka	verb	swe	krumme	verb	nor
kröka	verb	swe	krøke	verb	nor
kröna	verb	swe	krone	verb	nor
kugga	verb	swe	dumpe	verb	nor
kujonera	verb	swe	kujonere	verb	nor
kullkasta	verb	swe	forpurre	verb	nor
kullra	verb	swe	kjevle	verb	nor
kullra	verb	swe	rulle	verb	nor
skala	verb	swe	skrelle¹	verb	nor
skala	verb	swe	skrelle	verb	nor
kulminera	verb	swe	kulminere	verb	nor
kumulera	verb	swe	kumulere	verb	nor
kungöra	verb	swe	kunngjere	verb	nor
kungöra	verb	swe	kunngjøre	verb	nor
kupa	verb	swe	kube	verb	nor
kupa	verb	swe	kvelve	verb	nor
kuppa	verb	swe	kuppe	verb	nor
kurera	verb	swe	kurere	verb	nor
kurra	verb	swe	kurre	verb	nor
kursa	verb	swe	høkre	verb	nor
kursa	verb	swe	selge	verb	nor
kursa	verb	swe	selje	verb	nor
kursivera	verb	swe	kursivere	verb	nor
kurtisera	verb	swe	kurtisere	verb	nor
kuscha	verb	swe	underkue	verb	nor
kuska	verb	swe	kjøre	verb	nor
kuska	verb	swe	køyre	verb	nor
kuta	verb	swe	springe	verb	nor
kuttra	verb	swe	kurre	verb	nor
kuva	verb	swe	kue	verb	nor
kuva	verb	swe	undertrykke	verb	nor
kvadda	verb	swe	knuse	verb	nor
kvadda	verb	swe	smadre	verb	nor
kvadrera	verb	swe	kvadrere	verb	nor
kvalificera	verb	swe	dugleggjere	verb	nor
kvalificera	verb	swe	kvalifisere	verb	nor
kvantifiera	verb	swe	kvantifisere	verb	nor
kvantifiera	verb	swe	kvantitere	verb	nor
kvantifiera	verb	swe	talfeste	verb	nor
kvantifiera	verb	swe	tallfeste	verb	nor
kvarhålla	verb	swe	halde tilbake	verb	nor
kvarhålla	verb	swe	tilbakeholde	verb	nor
kvarlämna	verb	swe	dra	verb	nor
kvarlämna	verb	swe	etterlate	verb	nor
kvarstå	verb	swe	bli verande	verb	nor
kvarstå	verb	swe	forbli	verb	nor
kvarta	verb	swe	lægre	verb	nor
kvarta	verb	swe	sove	verb	nor
kverulera	verb	swe	kverulere	verb	nor
kvida	verb	swe	klynke	verb	nor
kvida	verb	swe	kvinke	verb	nor
kvida	verb	swe	sangre	verb	nor
kvida	verb	swe	sutre	verb	nor
kvillra	verb	swe	risle	verb	nor
kvirra	verb	swe	kverulere	verb	nor
kvitta	verb	swe	utligne	verb	nor
kvitta	verb	swe	utlikne	verb	nor
kvittera	verb	swe	erkjenne	verb	nor
kvittera	verb	swe	kvittere	verb	nor
kvotera	verb	swe	kvotere	verb	nor
kväda	verb	swe	kvede	verb	nor
kvälja	verb	swe	plage	verb	nor
kväva	verb	swe	kjøve	verb	nor
kväva	verb	swe	kvele	verb	nor
kväva	verb	swe	kvæve	verb	nor
kväva	verb	swe	strupe	verb	nor
kväva	verb	swe	strype	verb	nor
kyla	verb	swe	kaste	verb	nor
kyla	verb	swe	kyle	verb	nor
kyssa	verb	swe	kysse	verb	nor
kyssa	verb	swe	susse	verb	nor
käka	verb	swe	ete	verb	nor
käka	verb	swe	spise	verb	nor
kämpa	verb	swe	bale	verb	nor
kämpa	verb	swe	kjempe	verb	nor
kämpa	verb	swe	krungle	verb	nor
känna	verb	swe	føle	verb	nor
känna	verb	swe	kjenne	verb	nor
känna	verb	swe	vite	verb	nor
kännas vid	adjective	swe	vedgå	adjective	nor
känneteckna	verb	swe	karakterisere	verb	nor
känneteckna	verb	swe	kjennetegne	verb	nor
känneteckna	verb	swe	kjenneteikne	verb	nor
kärna	verb	swe	kinne	verb	nor
kärna	verb	swe	kjerne	verb	nor
kärna ur	verb	swe	steine	verb	nor
kånka	verb	swe	bære	verb	nor
kåras	adjective	swe	kruse	adjective	nor
kåsera	verb	swe	kåsere	verb	nor
köa	verb	swe	køe	verb	nor
könskvotera	verb	swe	kjønnskvotere	verb	nor
köpa	verb	swe	kjøpe	verb	nor
köpslå	verb	swe	kjøpslå	verb	nor
köpslå	verb	swe	prute	verb	nor
köra	verb	swe	kjøre	verb	nor
köra	verb	swe	køyre	verb	nor
köra in	verb	swe	tilkjøre	verb	nor
köra in	verb	swe	tilkøyre	verb	nor
köra om	verb	swe	overhale	verb	nor
labialisera	verb	swe	labialisere	verb	nor
laborera	verb	swe	streve	verb	nor
lacka	verb	swe	lakkere	verb	nor
lackera	verb	swe	lakkere	verb	nor
ladda	verb	swe	la	verb	nor
ladda	verb	swe	lade opp	verb	nor
ladda	verb	swe	lade	verb	nor
ladda	verb	swe	lade opp	verb	nor
ladda	verb	swe	late	verb	nor
ladda ner	verb	swe	laste ned	verb	nor
ladda ner	verb	swe	laste ned	verb	nor
laga	verb	swe	gjere	verb	nor
laga	verb	swe	gjøre	verb	nor
laga	verb	swe	lage	verb	nor
laga	verb	swe	lave	verb	nor
laga	verb	swe	utbedre	verb	nor
laga	verb	swe	utbetre	verb	nor
lagerföra	verb	swe	lagerføre	verb	nor
lagfara	verb	swe	tinglyse	verb	nor
lagfästa	verb	swe	lovfeste	verb	nor
lagra	verb	swe	lagre	verb	nor
lagstifta	verb	swe	lovfeste	verb	nor
lagsöka	verb	swe	sake	verb	nor
lagsöka	verb	swe	saksøke	verb	nor
lagsöka	verb	swe	saksøkje	verb	nor
lalla	verb	swe	lalle	verb	nor
laminera	verb	swe	laminere	verb	nor
lamslå	verb	swe	fjetre	verb	nor
lamslå	verb	swe	klumse	verb	nor
lamslå	verb	swe	lamslå	verb	nor
landa	verb	swe	lande	verb	nor
landsförvisa	verb	swe	landsforvise	verb	nor
landsätta	verb	swe	landsetje	verb	nor
landsätta	verb	swe	landsette	verb	nor
langa	verb	swe	rekke	verb	nor
langa	verb	swe	rekke	verb	nor
lansera	verb	swe	lansere	verb	nor
lappa	verb	swe	lappe	verb	nor
larma	verb	swe	alarmere	verb	nor
larma	verb	swe	larme	verb	nor
lasera	verb	swe	lasere	verb	nor
lassa	verb	swe	lese	verb	nor
lassa	verb	swe	lesse	verb	nor
lasta	verb	swe	laste	verb	nor
latinisera	verb	swe	latinisere	verb	nor
lattja	verb	swe	lege	verb	nor
lattja	verb	swe	leike	verb	nor
lattja	verb	swe	leke	verb	nor
lattja	verb	swe	lækje	verb	nor
le	verb	swe	flire	verb	nor
le	verb	swe	le	verb	nor
le	verb	swe	lette	verb	nor
le	verb	swe	smile	verb	nor
leda	verb	swe	lede	verb	nor
leda	verb	swe	leie	verb	nor
leda	verb	swe	leite	verb	nor
leda	verb	swe	lete	verb	nor
ledsaga	verb	swe	fylgje	verb	nor
ledsaga	verb	swe	følge	verb	nor
ledsaga	verb	swe	ledsage	verb	nor
legalisera	verb	swe	legalisere	verb	nor
legitimera	verb	swe	legitimere	verb	nor
leja	verb	swe	forhyre	verb	nor
leja	verb	swe	hyre	verb	nor
leja	verb	swe	leie	verb	nor
leja	verb	swe	leige	verb	nor
leka	verb	swe	lege	verb	nor
leka	verb	swe	leike	verb	nor
leka	verb	swe	leke	verb	nor
leka	verb	swe	lækje	verb	nor
leka	verb	swe	spille	verb	nor
lemlästa	verb	swe	lemleste	verb	nor
leta	verb	swe	leite	verb	nor
leta	verb	swe	lete	verb	nor
leta	verb	swe	søke	verb	nor
leta	verb	swe	søkje	verb	nor
leva	verb	swe	leve	verb	nor
leva om	verb	swe	feire	verb	nor
leva om	verb	swe	feste	verb	nor
leverera	verb	swe	levere	verb	nor
liberalisera	verb	swe	liberalisere	verb	nor
licensiera	verb	swe	lisensiere	verb	nor
lida	verb	swe	gjennomgå	verb	nor
lida	verb	swe	lide	verb	nor
liera	verb	swe	alliere	verb	nor
lifta	verb	swe	haike	verb	nor
ligga	verb	swe	gjere	verb	nor
ligga	verb	swe	gjøre	verb	nor
ligga	verb	swe	lage	verb	nor
ligga	verb	swe	lave	verb	nor
ligga	verb	swe	ligge	verb	nor
ligga	verb	swe	ligge	verb	nor
likna	verb	swe	jamføre	verb	nor
likna	verb	swe	jevnføre	verb	nor
likna	verb	swe	ligne	verb	nor
likna	verb	swe	likne	verb	nor
likrikta	verb	swe	parallellisere	verb	nor
likställa	verb	swe	assimilere	verb	nor
likställa	verb	swe	jamne ut	verb	nor
likställa	verb	swe	jamstille	verb	nor
likställa	verb	swe	likestille	verb	nor
likställa	verb	swe	utjevne	verb	nor
likvidera	verb	swe	likvidere	verb	nor
limma	verb	swe	lime	verb	nor
linda	verb	swe	linde	verb	nor
linda	verb	swe	svøpe	verb	nor
linda	verb	swe	vikle	verb	nor
linda	verb	swe	sveipe	verb	nor
lindra	verb	swe	hugsvale	verb	nor
lindra	verb	swe	husvale	verb	nor
lindra	verb	swe	lindre	verb	nor
lindra	verb	swe	mildne	verb	nor
linjera	verb	swe	linjere	verb	nor
linka	verb	swe	hinke	verb	nor
linka	verb	swe	linke	verb	nor
lira	verb	swe	prille	verb	nor
lira	verb	swe	spele	verb	nor
lira	verb	swe	spille	verb	nor
lirka	verb	swe	lirke	verb	nor
lirka	verb	swe	snuse	verb	nor
lisma	verb	swe	fjeske	verb	nor
lisma	verb	swe	sleske	verb	nor
lisma	verb	swe	sliske	verb	nor
lisma	verb	swe	smiske	verb	nor
lista	verb	swe	liste	verb	nor
lista	verb	swe	stiltre	verb	nor
lita	verb	swe	lite	verb	nor
liva	verb	swe	live	verb	nor
livnära	verb	swe	livnære	verb	nor
ljuda	verb	swe	artikulere	verb	nor
ljuda	verb	swe	lyde	verb	nor
ljudisolera	verb	swe	lydisolere	verb	nor
ljuga	verb	swe	juge	verb	nor
ljuga	verb	swe	ljuge	verb	nor
ljuga	verb	swe	lyge	verb	nor
ljuga	verb	swe	lyve	verb	nor
ljunga	verb	swe	dæme	verb	nor
ljunga	verb	swe	gisle	verb	nor
ljunga	verb	swe	lyne	verb	nor
ljunga	verb	swe	skinne	verb	nor
ljunga	verb	swe	tire	verb	nor
ljusna	verb	swe	klarne	verb	nor
ljusna	verb	swe	klarne	verb	nor
ljusna	verb	swe	klårne	verb	nor
ljusna	verb	swe	lyse	verb	nor
ljusna	verb	swe	lysne	verb	nor
lobba	verb	swe	lobbe	verb	nor
locka	verb	swe	forlokke	verb	nor
locka	verb	swe	lokke	verb	nor
logera	verb	swe	losjere	verb	nor
logga	verb	swe	logge	verb	nor
lokalisera	verb	swe	finne	verb	nor
lokalisera	verb	swe	heimfeste	verb	nor
lokalisera	verb	swe	lokalisere	verb	nor
lomma	verb	swe	labbe	verb	nor
lomma	verb	swe	trabelere	verb	nor
lomma	verb	swe	traske	verb	nor
loppa	verb	swe	loppe	verb	nor
lossa	verb	swe	lausne	verb	nor
lossa	verb	swe	losse	verb	nor
lossa	verb	swe	løsne	verb	nor
lossa	verb	swe	løyse	verb	nor
lossna	verb	swe	lausne	verb	nor
lossna	verb	swe	løsne	verb	nor
lotsa	verb	swe	lose	verb	nor
lova	verb	swe	gjøle	verb	nor
lova	verb	swe	høle	verb	nor
lova	verb	swe	love	verb	nor
lova	verb	swe	panegyrere	verb	nor
lova	verb	swe	rose	verb	nor
lovprisa	verb	swe	lovprise	verb	nor
lovsjunga	verb	swe	lovsynge	verb	nor
lubba	verb	swe	kute	verb	nor
lubba	verb	swe	laupe	verb	nor
lubba	verb	swe	løpe	verb	nor
lubba	verb	swe	løype	verb	nor
lubba	verb	swe	ploge	verb	nor
luckra	verb	swe	lausne	verb	nor
luckra	verb	swe	løsne	verb	nor
luckra	verb	swe	løyse	verb	nor
luffa	verb	swe	vandre	verb	nor
lufta	verb	swe	lufte	verb	nor
lufttorka	verb	swe	lufttørke	verb	nor
lugga	verb	swe	rufse	verb	nor
lugga	verb	swe	ruske	verb	nor
lugga	verb	swe	røske	verb	nor
lugna	verb	swe	berolige	verb	nor
lugna	verb	swe	roe	verb	nor
lugna	verb	swe	roe ned	verb	nor
lukta	verb	swe	dunste	verb	nor
lukta	verb	swe	lukte	verb	nor
lura	verb	swe	bedra	verb	nor
lura	verb	swe	grande	verb	nor
lura	verb	swe	lure	verb	nor
lura	verb	swe	svike	verb	nor
luska	verb	swe	snuse	verb	nor
lusläsa	verb	swe	inspisere	verb	nor
lusläsa	verb	swe	nærlese	verb	nor
luta	verb	swe	lene	verb	nor
luta	verb	swe	lute	verb	nor
lycka	verb	swe	lukke	verb	nor
lycka	verb	swe	stenge	verb	nor
lyckas	verb	swe	lykkast	verb	nor
lyckas	verb	swe	lykkast	verb	nor
lyckas	verb	swe	lykkes	verb	nor
lyda	verb	swe	adlyde	verb	nor
lyda	verb	swe	lyde	verb	nor
lyfta	verb	swe	auke	verb	nor
lyfta	verb	swe	jekke	verb	nor
lyfta	verb	swe	løfte	verb	nor
lyfta	verb	swe	svelle	verb	nor
lyfta	verb	swe	øke	verb	nor
lykta	verb	swe	slutte	verb	nor
lykta	verb	swe	tryte	verb	nor
lyncha	verb	swe	lynsje	verb	nor
lysa	verb	swe	dæme	verb	nor
lysa	verb	swe	gisle	verb	nor
lysa	verb	swe	glise	verb	nor
lysa	verb	swe	lysne	verb	nor
lysa	verb	swe	skeine	verb	nor
lysa	verb	swe	skinne	verb	nor
lysa	verb	swe	tire	verb	nor
lyssna	verb	swe	lye	verb	nor
lyssna	verb	swe	lytte	verb	nor
lyssna	verb	swe	lytte etter	verb	nor
lystra	verb	swe	lystre	verb	nor
läcka	verb	swe	lekke	verb	nor
lägga	verb	swe	legge	verb	nor
lägga	verb	swe	legge	verb	nor
lägga på	verb	swe	auke	verb	nor
lägga på	verb	swe	forhøgje	verb	nor
lägga på	verb	swe	forhøye	verb	nor
lägga på	verb	swe	øke	verb	nor
läka	verb	swe	heile	verb	nor
läka	verb	swe	helbrede	verb	nor
lämna	verb	swe	avgi	verb	nor
lämna	verb	swe	avlevere	verb	nor
lämna	verb	swe	etterlate	verb	nor
lämna	verb	swe	forlate	verb	nor
lämna	verb	swe	gi	verb	nor
lämna	verb	swe	gje	verb	nor
lämna	verb	swe	la ligge	verb	nor
lämna	verb	swe	overlate	verb	nor
lämna över	verb	swe	overdra	verb	nor
lämpa	verb	swe	lempe	verb	nor
längta	verb	swe	fyse	verb	nor
längta	verb	swe	hipe	verb	nor
längta	verb	swe	lengte	verb	nor
längta	verb	swe	stunde	verb	nor
längta	verb	swe	ønske	verb	nor
länka	verb	swe	lekke	verb	nor
länka	verb	swe	lenke	verb	nor
länka	verb	swe	lenkje	verb	nor
länsa	verb	swe	lense	verb	nor
lära	verb	swe	lære	verb	nor
läsa	verb	swe	lese	verb	nor
läsa in	verb	swe	lære	verb	nor
läska	verb	swe	leske	verb	nor
läspa	verb	swe	lespe	verb	nor
lätta	verb	swe	lette	verb	nor
låga	verb	swe	flamme	verb	nor
låna	verb	swe	låne	verb	nor
låsa	verb	swe	låse	verb	nor
låta	verb	swe	la	verb	nor
låta	verb	swe	late	verb	nor
låta	verb	swe	lyde	verb	nor
låta	verb	swe	låte	verb	nor
låtsa	verb	swe	late som	verb	nor
låtsas	adjective	swe	late som	adjective	nor
löda	verb	swe	lodde	verb	nor
löddra	verb	swe	skumme	verb	nor
löga	verb	swe	lauge	verb	nor
löga	verb	swe	vaske	verb	nor
löna	verb	swe	gasjere	verb	nor
löna	verb	swe	lønne	verb	nor
löna	verb	swe	lønne	verb	nor
löpa	verb	swe	kute	verb	nor
löpa	verb	swe	laupe	verb	nor
löpa	verb	swe	løpe	verb	nor
löpa	verb	swe	løype	verb	nor
lösa	verb	swe	løse	verb	nor
lösa	verb	swe	løyse	verb	nor
lösa ut	verb	swe	innløse	verb	nor
lösa ut	verb	swe	innløyse	verb	nor
lösgöra	verb	swe	lausne	verb	nor
lösgöra	verb	swe	løsne	verb	nor
madrassera	verb	swe	polstre	verb	nor
magasinera	verb	swe	magasinere	verb	nor
magnetisera	verb	swe	magnetisere	verb	nor
maka	verb	swe	flytte	verb	nor
makulera	verb	swe	makulere	verb	nor
mala	verb	swe	male	verb	nor
mala	verb	swe	malte	verb	nor
mala	verb	swe	måle	verb	nor
mana	verb	swe	mane	verb	nor
mangla	verb	swe	rulle	verb	nor
manifestera	verb	swe	manifestere	verb	nor
manipulera	verb	swe	manipulere	verb	nor
mankera	verb	swe	forsøme	verb	nor
mankera	verb	swe	forsømme	verb	nor
mankera	verb	swe	vanskjøtte	verb	nor
mankera	verb	swe	vanstelle	verb	nor
mankera	verb	swe	vanstyre	verb	nor
manövrera	verb	swe	manøvrere	verb	nor
marinera	verb	swe	marinere	verb	nor
markera	verb	swe	markere	verb	nor
markera	verb	swe	velge	verb	nor
markera	verb	swe	velje	verb	nor
marknadsföra	verb	swe	markedsføre	verb	nor
marknadsföra	verb	swe	marknadsføre	verb	nor
marschera	verb	swe	marsjere	verb	nor
martera	verb	swe	martre	verb	nor
maska	verb	swe	maske	verb	nor
maskera	verb	swe	løyne	verb	nor
maskera	verb	swe	maskere	verb	nor
maskera	verb	swe	skjule	verb	nor
maskulinisera	verb	swe	maskulinisere	verb	nor
massakrera	verb	swe	massakrere	verb	nor
massera	verb	swe	massere	verb	nor
massproducera	verb	swe	masseprodusere	verb	nor
masturbera	verb	swe	masturbere	verb	nor
mata	verb	swe	mate	verb	nor
matcha	verb	swe	matche	verb	nor
materialisera	verb	swe	materialisere	verb	nor
matta	verb	swe	svekke	verb	nor
matta	verb	swe	svekke	verb	nor
mattera	verb	swe	mattere	verb	nor
maxa	verb	swe	maksimere	verb	nor
maximera	verb	swe	maksimere	verb	nor
meddela	verb	swe	kommunisere	verb	nor
meddela	verb	swe	kunngjere	verb	nor
meddela	verb	swe	meddele	verb	nor
medföra	verb	swe	forårsake	verb	nor
medföra	verb	swe	medføre	verb	nor
medge	verb	swe	innrømme	verb	nor
medge	verb	swe	medgi	verb	nor
medge	verb	swe	medgje	verb	nor
medicinera	verb	swe	medisinere	verb	nor
medla	verb	swe	megle	verb	nor
medla	verb	swe	mekle	verb	nor
medverka	verb	swe	medverke	verb	nor
medverka	verb	swe	medvirke	verb	nor
meja	verb	swe	meie	verb	nor
meja	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
mejsla	verb	swe	meisle	verb	nor
mekanisera	verb	swe	mekanisere	verb	nor
mellanlanda	verb	swe	mellomlande	verb	nor
memorera	verb	swe	memorere	verb	nor
mena	verb	swe	meine	verb	nor
mena	verb	swe	mene	verb	nor
menstruera	verb	swe	menstruere	verb	nor
metallisera	verb	swe	metallisere	verb	nor
migrera	verb	swe	migrere	verb	nor
mildra	verb	swe	line	verb	nor
mildra	verb	swe	linne	verb	nor
mildra	verb	swe	milde	verb	nor
mildra	verb	swe	mildne	verb	nor
militarisera	verb	swe	militarisere	verb	nor
miljömärka	verb	swe	miljømerkje	verb	nor
miljömärka	verb	swe	miljømerke	verb	nor
mima	verb	swe	mime	verb	nor
minera	verb	swe	minere	verb	nor
minimera	verb	swe	minimere	verb	nor
minna	verb	swe	minne	verb	nor
minnas	adjective	swe	hugse	adjective	nor
minnas	adjective	swe	huske	adjective	nor
minnas	verb	swe	minnast	verb	nor
minnas	verb	swe	minnes	verb	nor
minska	verb	swe	minke	verb	nor
minska	verb	swe	minske	verb	nor
minska	verb	swe	redusere	verb	nor
minska	verb	swe	vesle	verb	nor
missa	verb	swe	gå glipp av	verb	nor
missa	verb	swe	misse	verb	nor
missa	verb	swe	myse	verb	nor
missa	verb	swe	plire	verb	nor
missakta	verb	swe	forakte	verb	nor
missakta	verb	swe	svivørde	verb	nor
missbedöma	verb	swe	feilbedøme	verb	nor
missbedöma	verb	swe	feilbedømme	verb	nor
missbruka	verb	swe	knarke	verb	nor
missbruka	verb	swe	misbruke	verb	nor
missförstå	verb	swe	misforstå	verb	nor
missgynna	verb	swe	forfordele	verb	nor
misshandla	verb	swe	lemstre	verb	nor
misshandla	verb	swe	mishandle	verb	nor
missionera	verb	swe	misjonere	verb	nor
misskreditera	verb	swe	diskreditere	verb	nor
misskreditera	verb	swe	feilkreditere	verb	nor
misskänna	verb	swe	miskjenne	verb	nor
missköta	verb	swe	forsøme	verb	nor
missköta	verb	swe	forsømme	verb	nor
missköta	verb	swe	vanskjøtte	verb	nor
missköta	verb	swe	vanstelle	verb	nor
missköta	verb	swe	vanstyre	verb	nor
missleda	verb	swe	vill-leie	verb	nor
missleda	verb	swe	villede	verb	nor
missleda	verb	swe	villeie	verb	nor
misslyckas	verb	swe	mislykkast	verb	nor
misslyckas	verb	swe	mislykkes	verb	nor
missta	verb	swe	feile	verb	nor
missta	verb	swe	forveksle	verb	nor
missta	verb	swe	forvirre	verb	nor
misstro	verb	swe	mistro	verb	nor
misstro	verb	swe	mistru	verb	nor
misstro	verb	swe	mistru	verb	nor
misströsta	verb	swe	fortvile	verb	nor
misstycka	verb	swe	mislike	verb	nor
misstänka	verb	swe	mistenke	verb	nor
misstänka	verb	swe	mistenke	verb	nor
misstänkliggöra	verb	swe	mistenkeliggjere	verb	nor
misstänkliggöra	verb	swe	mistenkeliggjøre	verb	nor
misstänkliggöra	verb	swe	mistenkeleggjere	verb	nor
misstänkliggöra	verb	swe	mistenkjeliggjere	verb	nor
missunna	verb	swe	avunde	verb	nor
missunna	verb	swe	misunne	verb	nor
missuppfatta	verb	swe	misforstå	verb	nor
missuppfatta	verb	swe	misoppfatte	verb	nor
mista	verb	swe	feile	verb	nor
mista	verb	swe	miste	verb	nor
mista	verb	swe	tape	verb	nor
mixtra	verb	swe	samle	verb	nor
mixtra	verb	swe	sanke	verb	nor
mjuka	verb	swe	mjuke	verb	nor
mjuka	verb	swe	mjukne	verb	nor
mjuka	verb	swe	myke	verb	nor
mjuka	verb	swe	mykje	verb	nor
mjuka	verb	swe	mykne	verb	nor
mjukgöra	verb	swe	mjuke	verb	nor
mjukgöra	verb	swe	mjukne	verb	nor
mjukgöra	verb	swe	myke	verb	nor
mjukgöra	verb	swe	mykje	verb	nor
mjukgöra	verb	swe	mykne	verb	nor
mjukna	verb	swe	mjukne	verb	nor
mjöla	verb	swe	mele	verb	nor
mjöla	verb	swe	mjøle	verb	nor
mjölka	verb	swe	melke	verb	nor
mjölka	verb	swe	mjølke	verb	nor
mobba	verb	swe	mobbe	verb	nor
mobilisera	verb	swe	mobilisere	verb	nor
mocka	verb	swe	muge	verb	nor
modellera	verb	swe	modellere	verb	nor
moderera	verb	swe	moderere	verb	nor
modernisera	verb	swe	modernisere	verb	nor
modifiera	verb	swe	endre	verb	nor
modifiera	verb	swe	modifisere	verb	nor
modulera	verb	swe	modulere	verb	nor
mogna	verb	swe	modne	verb	nor
mojna	verb	swe	spakne	verb	nor
mojna	verb	swe	stilne	verb	nor
monopolisera	verb	swe	monopolisere	verb	nor
montera	verb	swe	montere	verb	nor
moppa	verb	swe	svabre	verb	nor
moralisera	verb	swe	moralisere	verb	nor
morra	verb	swe	knarre	verb	nor
morra	verb	swe	knurre	verb	nor
morra	verb	swe	murre	verb	nor
morsa	verb	swe	helse	verb	nor
morsa	verb	swe	hilse	verb	nor
morsa	verb	swe	kjæte	verb	nor
morsa	verb	swe	kåte	verb	nor
morsa	verb	swe	more	verb	nor
mosa	verb	swe	mose	verb	nor
motarbeta	verb	swe	motarbeide	verb	nor
motarbeta	verb	swe	møte	verb	nor
motbevisa	verb	swe	gjendrive	verb	nor
motbevisa	verb	swe	motbevise	verb	nor
motbevisa	verb	swe	motprove	verb	nor
motbevisa	verb	swe	tilbakevise	verb	nor
motionera	verb	swe	mosjonere	verb	nor
motivera	verb	swe	motivere	verb	nor
motorisera	verb	swe	motorisere	verb	nor
motse	verb	swe	forvente	verb	nor
motse	verb	swe	imøtese	verb	nor
motse	verb	swe	imøtesjå	verb	nor
motstå	verb	swe	motstå	verb	nor
motsvara	verb	swe	motsvare	verb	nor
motta	verb	swe	motta	verb	nor
motverka	verb	swe	motverke	verb	nor
motverka	verb	swe	motvirke	verb	nor
moussera	verb	swe	mussere	verb	nor
mucka	verb	swe	mukke	verb	nor
muddra	verb	swe	mudre	verb	nor
muddra	verb	swe	møre	verb	nor
mullra	verb	swe	buldre	verb	nor
multiplicera	verb	swe	gange	verb	nor
multiplicera	verb	swe	multiplisere	verb	nor
mumifiera	verb	swe	mumifisere	verb	nor
mumifiera	verb	swe	mumisere	verb	nor
mumla	verb	swe	mulle	verb	nor
mumla	verb	swe	mumle	verb	nor
mumsa	verb	swe	ete	verb	nor
mumsa	verb	swe	spise	verb	nor
mura	verb	swe	mure	verb	nor
murkna	verb	swe	morkne	verb	nor
murkna	verb	swe	rotne	verb	nor
murkna	verb	swe	råtne	verb	nor
murkna	verb	swe	søyre	verb	nor
musicera	verb	swe	musisere	verb	nor
muta	verb	swe	bestikke	verb	nor
muta	verb	swe	mute	verb	nor
mutera	verb	swe	mutere	verb	nor
muttra	verb	swe	mulle	verb	nor
muttra	verb	swe	mumle	verb	nor
mylla	verb	swe	molde	verb	nor
myllra	verb	swe	aure	verb	nor
myllra	verb	swe	myldre	verb	nor
mynna	verb	swe	munne	verb	nor
mynta	verb	swe	mynte	verb	nor
mynta	verb	swe	utmynte	verb	nor
mysa	verb	swe	myse	verb	nor
mystifiera	verb	swe	mystifisere	verb	nor
mäkla	verb	swe	megle	verb	nor
mäkla	verb	swe	mekle	verb	nor
mäkta	verb	swe	handtere	verb	nor
mäkta	verb	swe	håndtere	verb	nor
mäkta	verb	swe	makte	verb	nor
mäla	verb	swe	seie	verb	nor
mäla	verb	swe	si	verb	nor
mäla	verb	swe	sige	verb	nor
märka	verb	swe	merke	verb	nor
mässa	verb	swe	messe	verb	nor
mästra	verb	swe	kritisere	verb	nor
mästra	verb	swe	meistre	verb	nor
mästra	verb	swe	mestre	verb	nor
mäta	verb	swe	mette	verb	nor
mäta	verb	swe	måle	verb	nor
mäta	verb	swe	utlegge	verb	nor
mäta	verb	swe	utlegge	verb	nor
mäta ut	verb	swe	avgjere	verb	nor
mäta ut	verb	swe	bestemme	verb	nor
mätta	verb	swe	mette	verb	nor
måla	verb	swe	male	verb	nor
måla	verb	swe	måle	verb	nor
mångdubbla	verb	swe	mangedoble	verb	nor
mångdubbla	verb	swe	multiplisere	verb	nor
mångfaldiga	verb	swe	reprodusere	verb	nor
mångla	verb	swe	handle	verb	nor
möblera	verb	swe	møblere	verb	nor
mögla	verb	swe	hyvekse	verb	nor
mögla	verb	swe	mugne	verb	nor
mögla	verb	swe	mygle	verb	nor
möjliggöra	verb	swe	gjere muleg	verb	nor
möjliggöra	verb	swe	muliggjøre	verb	nor
mönstra	verb	swe	mønstre	verb	nor
mörbulta	verb	swe	mørbanke	verb	nor
mörda	verb	swe	myrde	verb	nor
mörka	verb	swe	gjemme	verb	nor
mörka	verb	swe	gjømme	verb	nor
mörka	verb	swe	gøyme	verb	nor
mörka	verb	swe	lagre	verb	nor
mörka	verb	swe	mørke	verb	nor
mörklägga	verb	swe	mørklegge	verb	nor
mörklägga	verb	swe	mørklegge	verb	nor
mörkna	verb	swe	mørke	verb	nor
mörkna	verb	swe	mørkne	verb	nor
mörkna	verb	swe	skyme	verb	nor
möta	verb	swe	møte	verb	nor
nacka	verb	swe	hogge	verb	nor
nacka	verb	swe	hugge	verb	nor
nacka	verb	swe	kjakse	verb	nor
nacka	verb	swe	kolle	verb	nor
nacka	verb	swe	snaue	verb	nor
nafsa	verb	swe	nappe	verb	nor
nafsa	verb	swe	nufse	verb	nor
nafsa	verb	swe	nugge	verb	nor
nafsa	verb	swe	nykke	verb	nor
nagla	verb	swe	nagle	verb	nor
naja	verb	swe	bendsle	verb	nor
naja	verb	swe	gjorde	verb	nor
naja	verb	swe	gjure	verb	nor
naja	verb	swe	gyrde	verb	nor
naja	verb	swe	røyre	verb	nor
naja	verb	swe	surre	verb	nor
naja	verb	swe	vire	verb	nor
nalla	verb	swe	negle	verb	nor
namnge	verb	swe	namngje	verb	nor
namnge	verb	swe	navngi	verb	nor
nappa	verb	swe	bide	verb	nor
nappa	verb	swe	bite	verb	nor
nappa	verb	swe	nappe	verb	nor
narra	verb	swe	dåre	verb	nor
narra	verb	swe	gjøne	verb	nor
narra	verb	swe	jukse	verb	nor
narra	verb	swe	lure	verb	nor
narra	verb	swe	narre	verb	nor
narra	verb	swe	tøyse	verb	nor
narras	adjective	swe	juge	adjective	nor
narras	adjective	swe	ljuge	adjective	nor
narras	adjective	swe	lyge	adjective	nor
narras	adjective	swe	lyve	adjective	nor
nasalera	verb	swe	nasalere	verb	nor
nationalisera	verb	swe	nasjonalisere	verb	nor
natta	verb	swe	putte	verb	nor
natta	verb	swe	smette	verb	nor
naturalisera	verb	swe	naturalisere	verb	nor
navigera	verb	swe	navigere	verb	nor
nedkalla	verb	swe	kalle	verb	nor
nedkalla	verb	swe	påkalle	verb	nor
nedlägga	verb	swe	legge ned	verb	nor
nedlägga	verb	swe	nedlegge	verb	nor
nedlägga	verb	swe	nedlegge	verb	nor
nedmontera	verb	swe	demontere	verb	nor
nedstiga	verb	swe	nedstige	verb	nor
nedsätta	verb	swe	nedsetje	verb	nor
nedsätta	verb	swe	nedsette	verb	nor
nedteckna	verb	swe	nedtegne	verb	nor
nedteckna	verb	swe	skildre	verb	nor
nedteckna	verb	swe	skrive ned	verb	nor
nedvärdera	verb	swe	nedvurdere	verb	nor
negera	verb	swe	negere	verb	nor
negligera	verb	swe	forsøme	verb	nor
negligera	verb	swe	forsømme	verb	nor
negligera	verb	swe	neglisjere	verb	nor
negociera	verb	swe	akkedere	verb	nor
negociera	verb	swe	forhandle	verb	nor
negotiera	verb	swe	akkedere	verb	nor
negotiera	verb	swe	forhandle	verb	nor
neka	verb	swe	blånekte	verb	nor
neka	verb	swe	neitte	verb	nor
neka	verb	swe	nekte	verb	nor
nerlägga	verb	swe	nedlegge	verb	nor
nerlägga	verb	swe	nedlegge	verb	nor
neutralisera	verb	swe	nøytralisere	verb	nor
nicka	verb	swe	heade	verb	nor
nicka	verb	swe	nikke	verb	nor
niga	verb	swe	knikse	verb	nor
niga	verb	swe	neie	verb	nor
nivellera	verb	swe	nivellere	verb	nor
njuta	verb	swe	nyte	verb	nor
nojsa	verb	swe	lege	verb	nor
nojsa	verb	swe	leike	verb	nor
nojsa	verb	swe	leke	verb	nor
nojsa	verb	swe	lækje	verb	nor
nolla	verb	swe	nulle	verb	nor
nomadisera	verb	swe	nomadisere	verb	nor
nominera	verb	swe	nominere	verb	nor
nonchalera	verb	swe	forsøme	verb	nor
nonchalera	verb	swe	forsømme	verb	nor
nonchalera	verb	swe	ignorere	verb	nor
nonchalera	verb	swe	neglisjere	verb	nor
normalisera	verb	swe	normalisere	verb	nor
normera	verb	swe	normere	verb	nor
norpa	verb	swe	knabbe	verb	nor
norpa	verb	swe	kvarte	verb	nor
norpa	verb	swe	orge	verb	nor
norpa	verb	swe	stele	verb	nor
norpa	verb	swe	stjele	verb	nor
norpa	verb	swe	tjuve	verb	nor
nosa	verb	swe	snake	verb	nor
nosa	verb	swe	snoke	verb	nor
nosa	verb	swe	snuse	verb	nor
nosa	verb	swe	snøse	verb	nor
notera	verb	swe	bemerke	verb	nor
notera	verb	swe	notere	verb	nor
notifiera	verb	swe	notifisere	verb	nor
nubba	verb	swe	søme	verb	nor
nubba	verb	swe	sømme	verb	nor
nudda	verb	swe	rangle	verb	nor
nudda	verb	swe	streife	verb	nor
nudda	verb	swe	vandre	verb	nor
numrera	verb	swe	nummerere	verb	nor
nyansera	verb	swe	nyansere	verb	nor
nynna	verb	swe	hulle	verb	nor
nynna	verb	swe	nynne	verb	nor
nypa	verb	swe	klype	verb	nor
nypa	verb	swe	knipe	verb	nor
nypa	verb	swe	nappe	verb	nor
nypa	verb	swe	nufse	verb	nor
nypa	verb	swe	nugge	verb	nor
nypa	verb	swe	nykke	verb	nor
nypa	verb	swe	nype	verb	nor
nysa	verb	swe	nyse	verb	nor
nyskapa	verb	swe	nyskape	verb	nor
nysta	verb	swe	sno	verb	nor
nysta	verb	swe	snoe	verb	nor
nytta	verb	swe	nytte	verb	nor
nyttiggöra	verb	swe	nyttiggjere	verb	nor
nyttiggöra	verb	swe	nyttiggjøre	verb	nor
nyttja	verb	swe	benytte	verb	nor
nyttja	verb	swe	bruke	verb	nor
nyttja	verb	swe	nytte	verb	nor
näbbas	adjective	swe	nebbe	adjective	nor
nämna	verb	swe	nemne	verb	nor
nämna	verb	swe	nevne	verb	nor
nännas	adjective	swe	nenne	adjective	nor
näpsa	verb	swe	refse	verb	nor
nära	verb	swe	nå	verb	nor
nära	verb	swe	nære	verb	nor
nära	verb	swe	oppnå	verb	nor
närma	verb	swe	nærme	verb	nor
nå	verb	swe	nå	verb	nor
nå	verb	swe	oppnå	verb	nor
nåda	verb	swe	nåde	verb	nor
nödlanda	verb	swe	krasjlande	verb	nor
nödlanda	verb	swe	nødlande	verb	nor
nödvändiggöra	verb	swe	nødvendiggjere	verb	nor
nödvändiggöra	verb	swe	nødvendiggjøre	verb	nor
nöjas	adjective	swe	nøye	adjective	nor
nöta	verb	swe	knoge	verb	nor
nöta	verb	swe	maure	verb	nor
nöta	verb	swe	nibe	verb	nor
nöta	verb	swe	nyte	verb	nor
nöta	verb	swe	pæle	verb	nor
nöta	verb	swe	sjaue	verb	nor
nöta	verb	swe	slite	verb	nor
nöta	verb	swe	trale	verb	nor
nöta in	verb	swe	gugge	verb	nor
nöta in	verb	swe	pugge	verb	nor
nöta in	verb	swe	terpe	verb	nor
objektivera	verb	swe	objektivere	verb	nor
observera	verb	swe	observere	verb	nor
obstruera	verb	swe	hindre	verb	nor
obstruera	verb	swe	obstruere	verb	nor
ockupera	verb	swe	besetje	verb	nor
ockupera	verb	swe	besette	verb	nor
ockupera	verb	swe	okkupere	verb	nor
odla	verb	swe	dyrke	verb	nor
odla	verb	swe	odle	verb	nor
offentliggöra	verb	swe	offentleggjere	verb	nor
offentliggöra	verb	swe	offentliggjøre	verb	nor
offentliggöra	verb	swe	promulgere	verb	nor
officiera	verb	swe	fungere	verb	nor
offra	verb	swe	ofre	verb	nor
ogilla	verb	swe	misbillige	verb	nor
ogilla	verb	swe	mislike	verb	nor
ogiltigförklara	verb	swe	ugyldiggjere	verb	nor
ogiltigförklara	verb	swe	ugyldiggjøre	verb	nor
okulera	verb	swe	okulere	verb	nor
okvalificera	verb	swe	ukvalifisere	verb	nor
olagligförklara	verb	swe	forby	verb	nor
olja	verb	swe	olje	verb	nor
olyckas	verb	swe	mislykkast	verb	nor
olyckas	verb	swe	mislykkes	verb	nor
omarbeta	verb	swe	omarbeide	verb	nor
ombesörja	verb	swe	delta	verb	nor
ombesörja	verb	swe	håndtere	verb	nor
ombilda	verb	swe	konvertere	verb	nor
omdana	verb	swe	konvertere	verb	nor
omdirigera	verb	swe	omdirigere	verb	nor
omfamna	verb	swe	omfamne	verb	nor
omfamna	verb	swe	omfavne	verb	nor
omfatta	verb	swe	omfatte	verb	nor
omforma	verb	swe	omskape	verb	nor
omforma	verb	swe	transformere	verb	nor
omformulera	verb	swe	omformulere	verb	nor
omformulera	verb	swe	reformulere	verb	nor
omfördela	verb	swe	omfordele	verb	nor
omförhandla	verb	swe	reforhandle	verb	nor
omge	verb	swe	omgi	verb	nor
omge	verb	swe	omgje	verb	nor
omgruppera	verb	swe	omgruppere	verb	nor
omhulda	verb	swe	verne	verb	nor
omhänderta	verb	swe	avhende	verb	nor
omintetgöra	verb	swe	tilinkjegjere	verb	nor
omintetgöra	verb	swe	tilintetgjøre	verb	nor
omkomma	verb	swe	omkomme	verb	nor
omkomma	verb	swe	omkomme	verb	nor
omlokalisera	verb	swe	omlokalisere	verb	nor
ommöblera	verb	swe	ommøblere	verb	nor
omnämna	verb	swe	nemne	verb	nor
omnämna	verb	swe	nevne	verb	nor
omorganisera	verb	swe	omorganisere	verb	nor
omplacera	verb	swe	omplassere	verb	nor
inplacera	verb	swe	plassere	verb	nor
inplacera	verb	swe	innplassere	verb	nor
omprioritera	verb	swe	omprioritere	verb	nor
ompröva	verb	swe	revurdere	verb	nor
omringa	verb	swe	kringsetje	verb	nor
omringa	verb	swe	kringsette	verb	nor
omringa	verb	swe	omringe	verb	nor
omräkna	verb	swe	konvertere	verb	nor
omskapa	verb	swe	omskape	verb	nor
omskola	verb	swe	omskolere	verb	nor
omskriva	verb	swe	omskrive	verb	nor
omsluta	verb	swe	omgje	verb	nor
omsluta	verb	swe	omslutte	verb	nor
omstrukturera	verb	swe	omstrukturere	verb	nor
omställa	verb	swe	omstille	verb	nor
omstöpa	verb	swe	omstøpe	verb	nor
omstöpa	verb	swe	omstøype	verb	nor
omstörta	verb	swe	kantre	verb	nor
omsätta	verb	swe	omsetje	verb	nor
omsätta	verb	swe	omsette	verb	nor
omtala	verb	swe	omtale	verb	nor
omvandla	verb	swe	forvandle	verb	nor
omvälja	verb	swe	gjenvelge	verb	nor
omvälja	verb	swe	velje att	verb	nor
omvälva	verb	swe	kantre	verb	nor
omvända	verb	swe	kristne	verb	nor
omvända	verb	swe	omvende	verb	nor
omvärdera	verb	swe	revurdere	verb	nor
omyndigförklara	verb	swe	umyndiggjere	verb	nor
omyndigförklara	verb	swe	umyndiggjøre	verb	nor
onanera	verb	swe	onanere	verb	nor
operera	verb	swe	operere	verb	nor
opponera	verb	swe	opponere	verb	nor
optimera	verb	swe	optimalisere	verb	nor
optimera	verb	swe	optimere	verb	nor
orda	verb	swe	orde	verb	nor
ordinera	verb	swe	foreskrive	verb	nor
ordinera	verb	swe	ordinere	verb	nor
ordna	verb	swe	arrangere	verb	nor
ordna	verb	swe	fli	verb	nor
ordna	verb	swe	hage	verb	nor
ordna	verb	swe	make	verb	nor
ordna	verb	swe	ordne	verb	nor
ordna	verb	swe	stelle	verb	nor
organisera	verb	swe	organisere	verb	nor
orientera	verb	swe	orientere	verb	nor
orkestrera	verb	swe	orkestrere	verb	nor
ornera	verb	swe	pryde	verb	nor
ornera	verb	swe	smykke	verb	nor
oroa	verb	swe	uroe	verb	nor
orsaka	verb	swe	forårsake	verb	nor
osa	verb	swe	ose	verb	nor
oscillera	verb	swe	oscillere	verb	nor
oskadliggöra	verb	swe	uskadeleggjere	verb	nor
oskadliggöra	verb	swe	uskadeliggjere	verb	nor
oskadliggöra	verb	swe	uskadeliggjøre	verb	nor
osynliggöra	verb	swe	usynliggjere	verb	nor
osynliggöra	verb	swe	usynliggjøre	verb	nor
outa	verb	swe	bekjenne	verb	nor
outa	verb	swe	vedkjenne seg	verb	nor
oxidera	verb	swe	oksidere	verb	nor
pacificera	verb	swe	pasifisere	verb	nor
packa	verb	swe	balle	verb	nor
packa	verb	swe	pakke	verb	nor
paddla	verb	swe	padle	verb	nor
paginera	verb	swe	paginere	verb	nor
paketera	verb	swe	pakke	verb	nor
palatalisera	verb	swe	muljere	verb	nor
palatalisera	verb	swe	palatalisere	verb	nor
palla	verb	swe	stø	verb	nor
palla	verb	swe	støe	verb	nor
palla	verb	swe	støtte	verb	nor
palpera	verb	swe	palpere	verb	nor
panera	verb	swe	panere	verb	nor
panga	verb	swe	kneppe	verb	nor
panga	verb	swe	knepre	verb	nor
panga	verb	swe	knerte	verb	nor
panga	verb	swe	kneste	verb	nor
panga	verb	swe	knette	verb	nor
panga	verb	swe	neppe	verb	nor
panga	verb	swe	smale	verb	nor
panga	verb	swe	smatre	verb	nor
panga	verb	swe	smelle	verb	nor
panorera	verb	swe	panorere	verb	nor
pansra	verb	swe	pansre	verb	nor
panta	verb	swe	pante	verb	nor
pantförskriva	verb	swe	pantsetje	verb	nor
pantförskriva	verb	swe	pantsette	verb	nor
pantsätta	verb	swe	pantsetje	verb	nor
pantsätta	verb	swe	pantsette	verb	nor
para	verb	swe	pare	verb	nor
paradera	verb	swe	paradere	verb	nor
parafera	verb	swe	parafrasere	verb	nor
paraffinera	verb	swe	parafinere	verb	nor
parafrasera	verb	swe	parafrasere	verb	nor
parallellisera	verb	swe	parallellisere	verb	nor
paralysera	verb	swe	paralysere	verb	nor
parasitera	verb	swe	parasittere	verb	nor
parera	verb	swe	parere	verb	nor
parfymera	verb	swe	parfymere	verb	nor
parkera	verb	swe	parkere	verb	nor
parlamentera	verb	swe	parlamentere	verb	nor
parodiera	verb	swe	parodiere	verb	nor
passa	verb	swe	are	verb	nor
passa	verb	swe	høve	verb	nor
passa	verb	swe	passe	verb	nor
passera	verb	swe	bestå	verb	nor
passera	verb	swe	forekomme	verb	nor
passera	verb	swe	hende	verb	nor
passera	verb	swe	passere	verb	nor
passera	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
passera	verb	swe	stå på	verb	nor
passivera	verb	swe	passivere	verb	nor
passivisera	verb	swe	passivisere	verb	nor
pastörisera	verb	swe	pasteurisere	verb	nor
patentera	verb	swe	patentere	verb	nor
patinera	verb	swe	patinere	verb	nor
patrullera	verb	swe	patruljere	verb	nor
pausera	verb	swe	pausere	verb	nor
pejla	verb	swe	peile	verb	nor
peka	verb	swe	peike	verb	nor
peka	verb	swe	peke	verb	nor
peka ut	verb	swe	utpeike	verb	nor
peka ut	verb	swe	utpeke	verb	nor
pelletera	verb	swe	pelletere	verb	nor
pendla	verb	swe	pendle	verb	nor
penetrera	verb	swe	penetrere	verb	nor
pensionera	verb	swe	pensjonere	verb	nor
pensla	verb	swe	pensle	verb	nor
peppra	verb	swe	pepre	verb	nor
perforera	verb	swe	perforere	verb	nor
periodisera	verb	swe	periodisere	verb	nor
permittera	verb	swe	permittere	verb	nor
personifiera	verb	swe	personifisere	verb	nor
pervertera	verb	swe	pervertere	verb	nor
peta	verb	swe	pikke	verb	nor
petrifiera	verb	swe	forsteine	verb	nor
picka	verb	swe	pikke	verb	nor
piffa upp	verb	swe	pusse	verb	nor
pika	verb	swe	krangle	verb	nor
pilka	verb	swe	pilke	verb	nor
pilla	verb	swe	pille	verb	nor
pilla	verb	swe	plukke	verb	nor
pimpla	verb	swe	pilke	verb	nor
pina	verb	swe	pine	verb	nor
pina	verb	swe	tyne	verb	nor
pingla	verb	swe	klinge	verb	nor
pingla	verb	swe	klingre	verb	nor
pingla	verb	swe	tinkle	verb	nor
pinka	verb	swe	pisse	verb	nor
pipa	verb	swe	pipe	verb	nor
pipa	verb	swe	piste	verb	nor
pipa	verb	swe	pistre	verb	nor
pipa	verb	swe	tute	verb	nor
piratkopiera	verb	swe	piratkopiere	verb	nor
pirka	verb	swe	huge	verb	nor
pirra	verb	swe	pirre	verb	nor
piska	verb	swe	kakstryke	verb	nor
piska	verb	swe	piske	verb	nor
pissa	verb	swe	pisse	verb	nor
placera	verb	swe	plassere	verb	nor
pladdra	verb	swe	bable	verb	nor
pladdra	verb	swe	pjutre	verb	nor
pladdra	verb	swe	pludre	verb	nor
plagiera	verb	swe	plagiere	verb	nor
planera	verb	swe	planlegge	verb	nor
planera	verb	swe	planlegge	verb	nor
planka	verb	swe	planke	verb	nor
planlägga	verb	swe	planlegge	verb	nor
planlägga	verb	swe	planlegge	verb	nor
planta	verb	swe	plante	verb	nor
plantera	verb	swe	anlegge	verb	nor
plantera	verb	swe	anlegge	verb	nor
plantera	verb	swe	plante	verb	nor
plaska	verb	swe	plaske	verb	nor
plaska	verb	swe	susle	verb	nor
plikta	verb	swe	unngjelde	verb	nor
plissera	verb	swe	plissere	verb	nor
plocka	verb	swe	bite	verb	nor
plocka	verb	swe	nippe	verb	nor
plocka	verb	swe	plukke	verb	nor
ploga	verb	swe	arde	verb	nor
ploga	verb	swe	ploge	verb	nor
ploga	verb	swe	pløye	verb	nor
plombera	verb	swe	plombere	verb	nor
plugga	verb	swe	pugge	verb	nor
plumsa	verb	swe	plumpe	verb	nor
plundra	verb	swe	plyndre	verb	nor
plussa	verb	swe	plusse	verb	nor
plädera	verb	swe	erkjenne	verb	nor
plädera	verb	swe	pledere	verb	nor
plätera	verb	swe	plettere	verb	nor
plåga	verb	swe	pine	verb	nor
plåga	verb	swe	plage	verb	nor
plöja	verb	swe	arde	verb	nor
plöja	verb	swe	pløye	verb	nor
pochera	verb	swe	pochere	verb	nor
pochera	verb	swe	posjere	verb	nor
pocka	verb	swe	pukke	verb	nor
pokulera	verb	swe	feire	verb	nor
pokulera	verb	swe	feste	verb	nor
polarisera	verb	swe	polarisere	verb	nor
polemisera	verb	swe	polemisere	verb	nor
polera	verb	swe	polere	verb	nor
polisanmäla	verb	swe	politianmelde	verb	nor
politisera	verb	swe	politisere	verb	nor
pollinera	verb	swe	pollinere	verb	nor
polstra	verb	swe	polstre	verb	nor
pomadera	verb	swe	pomadisere	verb	nor
popularisera	verb	swe	popularisere	verb	nor
porla	verb	swe	perle	verb	nor
portionera	verb	swe	distribuere	verb	nor
portionera	verb	swe	porsjonere	verb	nor
portionera	verb	swe	utdele	verb	nor
porträttera	verb	swe	portrettere	verb	nor
posera	verb	swe	pløse	verb	nor
posera	verb	swe	pose	verb	nor
posera	verb	swe	posere	verb	nor
positionera	verb	swe	posisjonere	verb	nor
posta	verb	swe	poste	verb	nor
poststämpla	verb	swe	poststemple	verb	nor
postulera	verb	swe	postulere	verb	nor
poängtera	verb	swe	poengtere	verb	nor
praktisera	verb	swe	praktisere	verb	nor
prassla	verb	swe	rasle	verb	nor
prassla	verb	swe	ratle	verb	nor
prassla	verb	swe	rutle	verb	nor
prassla	verb	swe	skrasle	verb	nor
prassla	verb	swe	skratle	verb	nor
prata	verb	swe	prate	verb	nor
prata	verb	swe	prate	verb	nor
prata	verb	swe	røde	verb	nor
prata	verb	swe	røle	verb	nor
prata	verb	swe	snakke	verb	nor
prata	verb	swe	snakke	verb	nor
precisera	verb	swe	presisere	verb	nor
predestinera	verb	swe	predestinere	verb	nor
predika	verb	swe	forkynne	verb	nor
predika	verb	swe	preike	verb	nor
predika	verb	swe	preke	verb	nor
prefabricera	verb	swe	prefabrikkere	verb	nor
preja	verb	swe	praie	verb	nor
premiera	verb	swe	premiere	verb	nor
prenumerera	verb	swe	abonnere	verb	nor
preparera	verb	swe	preparere	verb	nor
preparera	verb	swe	preppe	verb	nor
presenta	verb	swe	gi	verb	nor
presenta	verb	swe	gje	verb	nor
presentera	verb	swe	presentere	verb	nor
presentera	verb	swe	stede	verb	nor
preservera	verb	swe	preservere	verb	nor
presidera	verb	swe	presidere	verb	nor
preskribera	verb	swe	preskribere	verb	nor
pressa	verb	swe	perse	verb	nor
pressa	verb	swe	presse	verb	nor
prestera	verb	swe	prestere	verb	nor
prestera	verb	swe	utføre	verb	nor
pretendera	verb	swe	pretendere	verb	nor
pricka	verb	swe	prikke	verb	nor
pricka	verb	swe	trykke	verb	nor
prioritera	verb	swe	prioritere	verb	nor
prisa	verb	swe	gjøle	verb	nor
prisa	verb	swe	høle	verb	nor
prisa	verb	swe	panegyrere	verb	nor
prisa	verb	swe	prise	verb	nor
prisa	verb	swe	rose	verb	nor
prisge	verb	swe	prisgi	verb	nor
prisge	verb	swe	prisgje	verb	nor
prissätta	verb	swe	prise	verb	nor
privatisera	verb	swe	privatisere	verb	nor
privilegiera	verb	swe	privilegere	verb	nor
problematisera	verb	swe	problematisere	verb	nor
processa	verb	swe	behandle	verb	nor
producera	verb	swe	produsere	verb	nor
profanera	verb	swe	profanere	verb	nor
professionalisera	verb	swe	profesjonalisere	verb	nor
profetera	verb	swe	profetere	verb	nor
profilera	verb	swe	profilere	verb	nor
profitera	verb	swe	profittere	verb	nor
prognostisera	verb	swe	forutsi	verb	nor
prognostisera	verb	swe	føreseie	verb	nor
prognostisera	verb	swe	prognostisere	verb	nor
programmera	verb	swe	programmere	verb	nor
projektera	verb	swe	prosjektere	verb	nor
projicera	verb	swe	projisere	verb	nor
proklamera	verb	swe	forkynne	verb	nor
proklamera	verb	swe	proklamere	verb	nor
promenera	verb	swe	promenere	verb	nor
promovera	verb	swe	fremme	verb	nor
promovera	verb	swe	fremme	verb	nor
promovera	verb	swe	promovere	verb	nor
proportionera	verb	swe	proporsjonere	verb	nor
proppa	verb	swe	proppe	verb	nor
prospektera	verb	swe	prospektere	verb	nor
prostituera	verb	swe	prostituere	verb	nor
protegera	verb	swe	protegere	verb	nor
protegera	verb	swe	protesjere	verb	nor
protestera	verb	swe	protestere	verb	nor
protokollföra	verb	swe	protokollføre	verb	nor
prova	verb	swe	forsøke	verb	nor
prova	verb	swe	prøve	verb	nor
prova	verb	swe	prove	verb	nor
prova	verb	swe	prøve	verb	nor
proviantera	verb	swe	proviantere	verb	nor
provköra	verb	swe	prøvekjøre	verb	nor
provköra	verb	swe	prøvekøyre	verb	nor
provocera	verb	swe	provosere	verb	nor
prunka	verb	swe	prange	verb	nor
prunka	verb	swe	prunke	verb	nor
pruta	verb	swe	prute	verb	nor
pruta	verb	swe	tinge	verb	nor
pryda	verb	swe	pryde	verb	nor
pryda	verb	swe	sippe	verb	nor
pryda	verb	swe	smykke	verb	nor
prygla	verb	swe	pryle	verb	nor
prägla	verb	swe	forme	verb	nor
prägla	verb	swe	prege	verb	nor
pränta	verb	swe	prente	verb	nor
pränta i	verb	swe	innskjerpe	verb	nor
pröjsa	verb	swe	betale	verb	nor
pröjsa	verb	swe	erlegge	verb	nor
pröva	verb	swe	prøve	verb	nor
pröva på	verb	swe	prøve	verb	nor
psykoanalysera	verb	swe	psykoanalysere	verb	nor
psykologisera	verb	swe	psykologisere	verb	nor
publicera	verb	swe	publisere	verb	nor
pudra	verb	swe	pudre	verb	nor
puffa	verb	swe	knubbe	verb	nor
puffa	verb	swe	knuvle	verb	nor
puffa	verb	swe	puffe	verb	nor
pula	verb	swe	done	verb	nor
pula	verb	swe	krasle	verb	nor
pula	verb	swe	nusle	verb	nor
pula	verb	swe	pusle	verb	nor
pula	verb	swe	putle	verb	nor
pula	verb	swe	rusle	verb	nor
pula	verb	swe	rysje	verb	nor
pula	verb	swe	stulle	verb	nor
pulsa	verb	swe	vade	verb	nor
pulsa	verb	swe	vasse	verb	nor
pulsera	verb	swe	pulsere	verb	nor
pulverisera	verb	swe	pulverisere	verb	nor
pulvrisera	verb	swe	pulverisere	verb	nor
pumpa	verb	swe	pumpe	verb	nor
punktera	verb	swe	punktere	verb	nor
pussa	verb	swe	kysse	verb	nor
pussa	verb	swe	pusse	verb	nor
pussa	verb	swe	susse	verb	nor
pussla	verb	swe	pusle	verb	nor
pusta	verb	swe	puste	verb	nor
putsa	verb	swe	pusse	verb	nor
putta	verb	swe	støte	verb	nor
putta	verb	swe	støyte	verb	nor
puttra	verb	swe	linnkoke	verb	nor
puttra	verb	swe	pjutre	verb	nor
puttra	verb	swe	putre	verb	nor
puttra	verb	swe	småkoke	verb	nor
pynta	verb	swe	fiffe	verb	nor
pynta	verb	swe	pynte	verb	nor
pynta	verb	swe	stase	verb	nor
pyra	verb	swe	ulme	verb	nor
pyra	verb	swe	ylme	verb	nor
pyssla	verb	swe	drive	verb	nor
pytsa	verb	swe	pøse	verb	nor
pärla	verb	swe	perle	verb	nor
påbjuda	verb	swe	påby	verb	nor
påbjuda	verb	swe	påbyde	verb	nor
påbörda	verb	swe	byrje med	verb	nor
påbörda	verb	swe	påbegynne	verb	nor
påbörda	verb	swe	påbyrje	verb	nor
påbörda	verb	swe	pålegge	verb	nor
påbörda	verb	swe	pålegge	verb	nor
påbörja	verb	swe	begynne	verb	nor
påbörja	verb	swe	starte	verb	nor
påföra	verb	swe	påføre	verb	nor
påkalla	verb	swe	påkalle	verb	nor
påla	verb	swe	pilotere	verb	nor
pålägga	verb	swe	pålegge	verb	nor
pålägga	verb	swe	pålegge	verb	nor
påminna	verb	swe	minne	verb	nor
påpeka	verb	swe	påpeike	verb	nor
påpeka	verb	swe	påpeke	verb	nor
påskina	verb	swe	antyde	verb	nor
påskynda	verb	swe	framskynde	verb	nor
påskynda	verb	swe	fremskynde	verb	nor
påskynda	verb	swe	påskynde	verb	nor
påstå	verb	swe	hevde	verb	nor
påstå	verb	swe	påstå	verb	nor
påta	verb	swe	fikle	verb	nor
påta	verb	swe	pote	verb	nor
påta	verb	swe	rote	verb	nor
påta	verb	swe	urydde	verb	nor
påtala	verb	swe	påtale	verb	nor
påverka	verb	swe	påverke	verb	nor
påverka	verb	swe	påvirke	verb	nor
påvirka	verb	swe	påverke	verb	nor
påvirka	verb	swe	påvirke	verb	nor
påvisa	verb	swe	demonstrere	verb	nor
påvisa	verb	swe	påvise	verb	nor
påyrka	verb	swe	kreve	verb	nor
påyrka	verb	swe	krevje	verb	nor
pösa	verb	swe	ese	verb	nor
pösa	verb	swe	svulme	verb	nor
pösa	verb	swe	svulne	verb	nor
pösa	verb	swe	trutne	verb	nor
rabattera	verb	swe	rabattere	verb	nor
rabbla	verb	swe	lire	verb	nor
rabbla	verb	swe	rable	verb	nor
racka	verb	swe	rakke	verb	nor
radera	verb	swe	delere	verb	nor
radera	verb	swe	slette	verb	nor
radiera	verb	swe	utstråle	verb	nor
radikalisera	verb	swe	radikalisere	verb	nor
raffinera	verb	swe	ferske	verb	nor
raffinera	verb	swe	raffinere	verb	nor
rafsa	verb	swe	rafse	verb	nor
ragga	verb	swe	kontakte	verb	nor
ragla	verb	swe	rave	verb	nor
raka	verb	swe	barbere	verb	nor
raljera	verb	swe	raljere	verb	nor
ramla	verb	swe	bumse	verb	nor
ramla	verb	swe	dette	verb	nor
ramla	verb	swe	falde	verb	nor
ramla	verb	swe	ramle	verb	nor
ramla	verb	swe	stupe	verb	nor
ramla	verb	swe	trulte	verb	nor
ramma	verb	swe	ramme	verb	nor
ramponera	verb	swe	ramponere	verb	nor
ramsa	verb	swe	ramse	verb	nor
ramsa	verb	swe	remse	verb	nor
rangordna	verb	swe	rangere	verb	nor
ranka	verb	swe	rangere	verb	nor
ranka	verb	swe	ranke	verb	nor
rannsaka	verb	swe	ransake	verb	nor
rannsaka	verb	swe	søke	verb	nor
rannsaka	verb	swe	søkje	verb	nor
rapa	verb	swe	rape	verb	nor
rappa	verb	swe	pusse	verb	nor
rapportera	verb	swe	kommunisere	verb	nor
rapportera	verb	swe	kunngjere	verb	nor
rapportera	verb	swe	meddele	verb	nor
rapportera	verb	swe	rapportere	verb	nor
rasa	verb	swe	rase	verb	nor
rasa	verb	swe	rause	verb	nor
rasera	verb	swe	grassere	verb	nor
rasera	verb	swe	rasere	verb	nor
raska på	verb	swe	anne	verb	nor
raska på	verb	swe	forte	verb	nor
raska på	verb	swe	kjappe	verb	nor
raska på	verb	swe	kvaste	verb	nor
raska på	verb	swe	nøyte	verb	nor
raska på	verb	swe	pitle	verb	nor
raska på	verb	swe	raske	verb	nor
raska på	verb	swe	skunde	verb	nor
raska på	verb	swe	skynde	verb	nor
raska på	verb	swe	snøgge	verb	nor
raska på	verb	swe	svinte	verb	nor
raspa	verb	swe	kare	verb	nor
raspa	verb	swe	kroppe	verb	nor
raspa	verb	swe	skave	verb	nor
rassla	verb	swe	rasle	verb	nor
rassla	verb	swe	ratle	verb	nor
rassla	verb	swe	rutle	verb	nor
rassla	verb	swe	skrasle	verb	nor
rassla	verb	swe	skratle	verb	nor
rasta	verb	swe	lufte	verb	nor
rasta	verb	swe	raste	verb	nor
rata	verb	swe	vrake	verb	nor
ratificera	verb	swe	ratifisere	verb	nor
rationalisera	verb	swe	rasjonalisere	verb	nor
ratta	verb	swe	bile	verb	nor
reagera	verb	swe	reagere	verb	nor
reaktivera	verb	swe	reaktivere	verb	nor
realisera	verb	swe	oppnå	verb	nor
realisera	verb	swe	realisere	verb	nor
recidivera	verb	swe	residivere	verb	nor
recitera	verb	swe	resitere	verb	nor
reda	verb	swe	innreie	verb	nor
reda	verb	swe	innrette	verb	nor
redigera	verb	swe	redigere	verb	nor
redogöra	verb	swe	gjere greie for	verb	nor
redogöra	verb	swe	redegjøre	verb	nor
reducera	verb	swe	minske	verb	nor
reducera	verb	swe	redusere	verb	nor
referera	verb	swe	referere	verb	nor
reflektera	verb	swe	reflektere	verb	nor
reformera	verb	swe	reformere	verb	nor
refusera	verb	swe	refusere	verb	nor
regenerera	verb	swe	regenerere	verb	nor
regera	verb	swe	regjere	verb	nor
regera	verb	swe	styre	verb	nor
regissera	verb	swe	instruere	verb	nor
regissera	verb	swe	regissere	verb	nor
registrera	verb	swe	innspille	verb	nor
registrera	verb	swe	oppta	verb	nor
registrera	verb	swe	registrere	verb	nor
regla	verb	swe	låse	verb	nor
reglementera	verb	swe	reglementere	verb	nor
reglera	verb	swe	regulere	verb	nor
regna	verb	swe	ele	verb	nor
regna	verb	swe	regne	verb	nor
rehabilitera	verb	swe	rehabilitere	verb	nor
reka	verb	swe	rekognosere	verb	nor
rekapitulera	verb	swe	rekapitulere	verb	nor
reklamera	verb	swe	annonsere	verb	nor
reklamera	verb	swe	reklamere	verb	nor
rekognoscera	verb	swe	rekognosere	verb	nor
rekommendera	verb	swe	anbefale	verb	nor
rekonstruera	verb	swe	rekonstruere	verb	nor
rekrytera	verb	swe	rekruttere	verb	nor
rektifiera	verb	swe	rektifisere	verb	nor
rekvirera	verb	swe	rekvirere	verb	nor
rekylera	verb	swe	rekylere	verb	nor
relatera	verb	swe	attgje	verb	nor
relatera	verb	swe	gjengi	verb	nor
relatera	verb	swe	relatere	verb	nor
relativisera	verb	swe	relativisere	verb	nor
relegera	verb	swe	relegere	verb	nor
remittera	verb	swe	remittere	verb	nor
rena	verb	swe	gjere	verb	nor
rena	verb	swe	gjøre	verb	nor
rena	verb	swe	reingjere	verb	nor
rena	verb	swe	rengjøre	verb	nor
rengöra	verb	swe	gane	verb	nor
rengöra	verb	swe	hære	verb	nor
rengöra	verb	swe	lutre	verb	nor
rengöra	verb	swe	mage	verb	nor
rengöra	verb	swe	reingjere	verb	nor
rengöra	verb	swe	reinse	verb	nor
rengöra	verb	swe	reinske	verb	nor
rengöra	verb	swe	rengjøre	verb	nor
rengöra	verb	swe	rense	verb	nor
rengöra	verb	swe	renske	verb	nor
renodla	verb	swe	reindyrke	verb	nor
renodla	verb	swe	rendyrke	verb	nor
renovera	verb	swe	renovere	verb	nor
rensa	verb	swe	fjerne	verb	nor
rensa	verb	swe	pelle	verb	nor
renskriva	verb	swe	reinskrive	verb	nor
rentvå	verb	swe	hvitvaske	verb	nor
rentvå	verb	swe	kvitvaske	verb	nor
repa	verb	swe	ripe	verb	nor
repa	verb	swe	rispe	verb	nor
repa	verb	swe	risse	verb	nor
repa	verb	swe	skrape	verb	nor
repa upp	verb	swe	løse	verb	nor
repa upp	verb	swe	løyse	verb	nor
reparera	verb	swe	mekke	verb	nor
reparera	verb	swe	reparere	verb	nor
reparera	verb	swe	vøle	verb	nor
repatriera	verb	swe	repatriere	verb	nor
repatriera	verb	swe	tilbakeføre	verb	nor
repellera	verb	swe	frastøte	verb	nor
repellera	verb	swe	fråstøyte	verb	nor
repetera	verb	swe	repetere	verb	nor
replikera	verb	swe	replisere	verb	nor
representera	verb	swe	representere	verb	nor
reproducera	verb	swe	reprodusere	verb	nor
resa	verb	swe	reise	verb	nor
reservera	verb	swe	reservere	verb	nor
residera	verb	swe	residere	verb	nor
resignera	verb	swe	resignere	verb	nor
resonera	verb	swe	resonnere	verb	nor
respektera	verb	swe	respektere	verb	nor
restaurera	verb	swe	restaurere	verb	nor
restera	verb	swe	attvere	verb	nor
restera	verb	swe	restere	verb	nor
restituera	verb	swe	restituere	verb	nor
resultera	verb	swe	resultere	verb	nor
reta	verb	swe	erte	verb	nor
reta	verb	swe	irritere	verb	nor
reta	verb	swe	prette	verb	nor
retardera	verb	swe	retardere	verb	nor
retas	adjective	swe	krangle	adjective	nor
retirera	verb	swe	retirere	verb	nor
returnera	verb	swe	returnere	verb	nor
retuschera	verb	swe	retusjere	verb	nor
reva	verb	swe	rakne	verb	nor
reva	verb	swe	reipe	verb	nor
reva	verb	swe	revne	verb	nor
revalvera	verb	swe	revaluere	verb	nor
revetera	verb	swe	pusse	verb	nor
revidera	verb	swe	revidere	verb	nor
revoltera	verb	swe	gjere opprør	verb	nor
revoltera	verb	swe	gjøre opprør	verb	nor
revoltera	verb	swe	revoltere	verb	nor
revolutionera	verb	swe	revolusjonere	verb	nor
ricka	verb	swe	rikle	verb	nor
ricka	verb	swe	vrikke	verb	nor
ricka	verb	swe	vrikle	verb	nor
rida	verb	swe	ri	verb	nor
rigga	verb	swe	rigge	verb	nor
rikta	verb	swe	beinke	verb	nor
rikta	verb	swe	rette	verb	nor
rikta	verb	swe	streite	verb	nor
rikta	verb	swe	trekke	verb	nor
rikta	verb	swe	trekke	verb	nor
rimma	verb	swe	rime	verb	nor
ringa	verb	swe	ringe	verb	nor
ringa	verb	swe	ringje	verb	nor
ringa	verb	swe	ringle	verb	nor
ringa	verb	swe	utringe	verb	nor
ringa upp	verb	swe	ringe	verb	nor
ringa upp	verb	swe	ringle	verb	nor
ringakta	verb	swe	forakte	verb	nor
ringakta	verb	swe	vanvørde	verb	nor
ringmärka	verb	swe	ringmerke	verb	nor
rinna	verb	swe	renne	verb	nor
ripostera	verb	swe	ripostere	verb	nor
risa	verb	swe	kritisere	verb	nor
riskera	verb	swe	risikere	verb	nor
rispa	verb	swe	ripe	verb	nor
rispa	verb	swe	rispe	verb	nor
rispa	verb	swe	risse	verb	nor
rispa	verb	swe	skrape	verb	nor
rissla	verb	swe	risle	verb	nor
rista	verb	swe	riste	verb	nor
rista	verb	swe	ryste	verb	nor
rita	verb	swe	rite	verb	nor
ritsa	verb	swe	ripe	verb	nor
ritsa	verb	swe	rispe	verb	nor
ritsa	verb	swe	risse	verb	nor
ritsa	verb	swe	skrape	verb	nor
ritualisera	verb	swe	ritualisere	verb	nor
riva	verb	swe	gni	verb	nor
riva	verb	swe	gnide	verb	nor
riva	verb	swe	gnikke	verb	nor
riva	verb	swe	gnisse	verb	nor
riva	verb	swe	gnukke	verb	nor
riva	verb	swe	gnusse	verb	nor
riva	verb	swe	klore	verb	nor
riva	verb	swe	knege	verb	nor
riva	verb	swe	rafse	verb	nor
riva	verb	swe	rive	verb	nor
riva	verb	swe	trase	verb	nor
rivalisera	verb	swe	rivalisere	verb	nor
ro	verb	swe	fossro	verb	nor
ro	verb	swe	ro	verb	nor
roa	verb	swe	more	verb	nor
rocka	verb	swe	rokke	verb	nor
rodna	verb	swe	raude	verb	nor
rodna	verb	swe	rødme	verb	nor
roffa	verb	swe	stele	verb	nor
roffa	verb	swe	stjele	verb	nor
romantisera	verb	swe	romantisere	verb	nor
ropa	verb	swe	kalle	verb	nor
ropa	verb	swe	kaue	verb	nor
ropa	verb	swe	kauke	verb	nor
ropa	verb	swe	ringe	verb	nor
ropa	verb	swe	rope	verb	nor
rosa	verb	swe	rose	verb	nor
rossla	verb	swe	ralle	verb	nor
rosta	verb	swe	roste	verb	nor
rosta	verb	swe	stege	verb	nor
rosta	verb	swe	steike	verb	nor
rosta	verb	swe	steke	verb	nor
rota	verb	swe	fikle	verb	nor
rota	verb	swe	pote	verb	nor
rota	verb	swe	renovere	verb	nor
rota	verb	swe	rote	verb	nor
rota	verb	swe	urydde	verb	nor
rotera	verb	swe	rotere	verb	nor
rubricera	verb	swe	rubrisere	verb	nor
rucka	verb	swe	rokke	verb	nor
rucka	verb	swe	rukke	verb	nor
ruinera	verb	swe	ruinere	verb	nor
rulla	verb	swe	kjevle	verb	nor
rulla	verb	swe	rulle	verb	nor
rulta	verb	swe	vralte	verb	nor
rumla	verb	swe	feire	verb	nor
rumla	verb	swe	feste	verb	nor
rumstera	verb	swe	romstere	verb	nor
runda	verb	swe	runde	verb	nor
runga	verb	swe	glymje	verb	nor
runga	verb	swe	ljome	verb	nor
runka	verb	swe	rokke	verb	nor
rusa	verb	swe	haste	verb	nor
rusa	verb	swe	ruse	verb	nor
ruska	verb	swe	riste	verb	nor
ruska	verb	swe	rufse	verb	nor
ruska	verb	swe	ruske	verb	nor
ruska	verb	swe	røske	verb	nor
russifiera	verb	swe	russifisere	verb	nor
rusta	verb	swe	ruste	verb	nor
rutscha	verb	swe	rutsje	verb	nor
ruttna	verb	swe	morkne	verb	nor
ruttna	verb	swe	rotne	verb	nor
ruttna	verb	swe	råtne	verb	nor
ruttna	verb	swe	søyre	verb	nor
ruva	verb	swe	ruge	verb	nor
ruva	verb	swe	ruve	verb	nor
rycka	verb	swe	flytte	verb	nor
rycka	verb	swe	lugge	verb	nor
rycka	verb	swe	rykke	verb	nor
rygga	verb	swe	rygge	verb	nor
ryka	verb	swe	forsvinne	verb	nor
ryka	verb	swe	ryke	verb	nor
ryka	verb	swe	røke	verb	nor
ryka	verb	swe	røyke	verb	nor
ryka	verb	swe	røyke	verb	nor
ryktas	verb	swe	ryktes	verb	nor
rymma	verb	swe	flykte	verb	nor
rymma	verb	swe	imøtekomme	verb	nor
rymma	verb	swe	imøtekomme	verb	nor
rymma	verb	swe	romme	verb	nor
rynka	verb	swe	rynke	verb	nor
rysa	verb	swe	grøsse	verb	nor
rysa	verb	swe	ryste	verb	nor
rysa	verb	swe	skake	verb	nor
rysa	verb	swe	skumple	verb	nor
ryta	verb	swe	brøle	verb	nor
räcka	verb	swe	rekke	verb	nor
räcka	verb	swe	rekke	verb	nor
rädda	verb	swe	beholde	verb	nor
rädda	verb	swe	redde	verb	nor
räffla	verb	swe	rifle	verb	nor
räfsa	verb	swe	klore	verb	nor
räfsa	verb	swe	rafse	verb	nor
räfsa	verb	swe	rive	verb	nor
räfsa	verb	swe	trase	verb	nor
räkna	verb	swe	regne	verb	nor
räkna	verb	swe	rekne	verb	nor
räkna	verb	swe	telje	verb	nor
räkna	verb	swe	telle	verb	nor
räkna upp	verb	swe	nemne	verb	nor
räkna upp	verb	swe	nevne	verb	nor
rämna	verb	swe	rakne	verb	nor
rämna	verb	swe	revne	verb	nor
ränna	verb	swe	rande	verb	nor
ränna	verb	swe	renne	verb	nor
räta	verb	swe	rette	verb	nor
rätta	verb	swe	beinke	verb	nor
rätta	verb	swe	rette	verb	nor
rätta	verb	swe	streite	verb	nor
rättfärdiga	verb	swe	rettferdiggjere	verb	nor
rättfärdiga	verb	swe	rettferdiggjøre	verb	nor
rå	verb	swe	avgjere	verb	nor
rå	verb	swe	bestemme	verb	nor
rå	verb	swe	rå	verb	nor
rå om	verb	swe	eie	verb	nor
rå om	verb	swe	eige	verb	nor
råda	verb	swe	rå	verb	nor
rådgöra	verb	swe	konsultere	verb	nor
rådslå	verb	swe	rådlegge	verb	nor
rådslå	verb	swe	rådlegge	verb	nor
rådslå	verb	swe	rådslå	verb	nor
råkas	verb	swe	møtes	verb	nor
råma	verb	swe	belje	verb	nor
råma	verb	swe	bruse	verb	nor
råma	verb	swe	brøle	verb	nor
råma	verb	swe	raute	verb	nor
råna	verb	swe	plyndre	verb	nor
råna	verb	swe	råne	verb	nor
röja	verb	swe	brote	verb	nor
röja	verb	swe	brøyte	verb	nor
röja	verb	swe	fjerne	verb	nor
röja	verb	swe	rydde	verb	nor
röka	verb	swe	ryke	verb	nor
röka	verb	swe	røke	verb	nor
röka	verb	swe	røyke	verb	nor
röka	verb	swe	røyke	verb	nor
röna	verb	swe	erfare	verb	nor
röna	verb	swe	lære	verb	nor
röna	verb	swe	røyne	verb	nor
röntga	verb	swe	røntgenfotografere	verb	nor
röra	verb	swe	kløkke	verb	nor
röra	verb	swe	røre	verb	nor
röra	verb	swe	vispe	verb	nor
rösta	verb	swe	røyste	verb	nor
rösta	verb	swe	stemme	verb	nor
röva	verb	swe	rane	verb	nor
röva	verb	swe	robbe	verb	nor
röva	verb	swe	røve	verb	nor
sabba	verb	swe	sabbe	verb	nor
sabba	verb	swe	sabotere	verb	nor
sabotera	verb	swe	sabotere	verb	nor
sacka	verb	swe	sakke	verb	nor
sadla	verb	swe	sale	verb	nor
sadla på	verb	swe	sale	verb	nor
safta	verb	swe	safte	verb	nor
safta på	verb	swe	overdrive	verb	nor
sagla	verb	swe	savle	verb	nor
sakna	verb	swe	mangle	verb	nor
sakna	verb	swe	mankere	verb	nor
sakna	verb	swe	sakne	verb	nor
sakna	verb	swe	savne	verb	nor
sakta	verb	swe	sakte	verb	nor
salta	verb	swe	salte	verb	nor
saluföra	verb	swe	markedsføre	verb	nor
saluföra	verb	swe	marknadsføre	verb	nor
salutera	verb	swe	saluttere	verb	nor
samarbeta	verb	swe	samarbeide	verb	nor
samexistera	verb	swe	sameksistere	verb	nor
samköra	verb	swe	samkjøre	verb	nor
samköra	verb	swe	samkøyre	verb	nor
samla	verb	swe	samle	verb	nor
samla	verb	swe	sanke	verb	nor
sammanbinda	verb	swe	forbinde	verb	nor
sammanblanda	verb	swe	blande	verb	nor
sammanblanda	verb	swe	stokke	verb	nor
sammandrabba	verb	swe	butte	verb	nor
sammanfatta	verb	swe	samanfatte	verb	nor
sammanfatta	verb	swe	sammenfatte	verb	nor
sammanjämka	verb	swe	forene	verb	nor
sammanjämka	verb	swe	sameine	verb	nor
sammanlänka	verb	swe	linke	verb	nor
sammanställa	verb	swe	kompilere	verb	nor
sammansätta	verb	swe	maksle	verb	nor
sammansätta	verb	swe	samansetje	verb	nor
sammansätta	verb	swe	sammensette	verb	nor
samordna	verb	swe	koordinere	verb	nor
samordna	verb	swe	samordne	verb	nor
sampla	verb	swe	sample	verb	nor
samråda	verb	swe	samrå	verb	nor
samspråka	verb	swe	passiare	verb	nor
samspråka	verb	swe	samtale	verb	nor
samtala	verb	swe	passiare	verb	nor
samtala	verb	swe	samtale	verb	nor
samtala	verb	swe	snakke	verb	nor
samtycka	verb	swe	samtykke	verb	nor
samåka	verb	swe	samkjøre	verb	nor
samåka	verb	swe	samkøyre	verb	nor
sanda	verb	swe	sanne	verb	nor
sandblästra	verb	swe	sandblåse	verb	nor
sanera	verb	swe	sanere	verb	nor
sanktionera	verb	swe	sanksjonere	verb	nor
sanna	verb	swe	sanne	verb	nor
sarga	verb	swe	såre	verb	nor
satinera	verb	swe	satinere	verb	nor
satsa	verb	swe	satse	verb	nor
saturera	verb	swe	mette	verb	nor
sauvera	verb	swe	redde	verb	nor
saxa	verb	swe	sakse	verb	nor
schappa	verb	swe	fare	verb	nor
schappa	verb	swe	gå	verb	nor
schappa	verb	swe	åke	verb	nor
schemalägga	verb	swe	planlegge	verb	nor
schemalägga	verb	swe	planlegge	verb	nor
schematisera	verb	swe	skjematisere	verb	nor
se	verb	swe	se	verb	nor
se	verb	swe	sjå	verb	nor
sedimentera	verb	swe	sedimentere	verb	nor
seeda	verb	swe	seede	verb	nor
segla	verb	swe	segle	verb	nor
segla	verb	swe	seile	verb	nor
segmentera	verb	swe	segmentere	verb	nor
segna	verb	swe	segne	verb	nor
segra	verb	swe	seire	verb	nor
segra	verb	swe	sigre	verb	nor
segra	verb	swe	vinne	verb	nor
segregera	verb	swe	segregere	verb	nor
sekondera	verb	swe	sekundere	verb	nor
sekretessbelägga	verb	swe	hemmelegstemple	verb	nor
sekretessbelägga	verb	swe	hemmeligstemple	verb	nor
sekularisera	verb	swe	sekularisere	verb	nor
sekundera	verb	swe	sekundere	verb	nor
selektera	verb	swe	velje	verb	nor
selektera	verb	swe	velge	verb	nor
semestra	verb	swe	feriere	verb	nor
senarelägga	verb	swe	utsetje	verb	nor
senarelägga	verb	swe	utsette	verb	nor
sensibilisera	verb	swe	sensibilisere	verb	nor
sentera	verb	swe	påskjønne	verb	nor
sentera	verb	swe	setje pris på	verb	nor
sentera	verb	swe	sette pris på	verb	nor
separera	verb	swe	separere	verb	nor
servera	verb	swe	servere	verb	nor
sexdubbla	verb	swe	seksdoble	verb	nor
sexualisera	verb	swe	seksualisere	verb	nor
shaka	verb	swe	danse	verb	nor
shoppa	verb	swe	shoppe	verb	nor
sickla	verb	swe	kare	verb	nor
sickla	verb	swe	kroppe	verb	nor
sickla	verb	swe	skave	verb	nor
signalera	verb	swe	signalere	verb	nor
signalera	verb	swe	signalisere	verb	nor
signera	verb	swe	signere	verb	nor
sikta	verb	swe	sikte	verb	nor
sila	verb	swe	filtrere	verb	nor
sila	verb	swe	sile	verb	nor
silvra	verb	swe	forsølve	verb	nor
simma	verb	swe	svømme	verb	nor
simma	verb	swe	symje	verb	nor
simplifiera	verb	swe	forenkle	verb	nor
simplifiera	verb	swe	simplifisere	verb	nor
simulera	verb	swe	simulere	verb	nor
simulera	verb	swe	stimulere	verb	nor
singla	verb	swe	dale	verb	nor
sinka	verb	swe	sinke	verb	nor
sippra	verb	swe	lekke	verb	nor
sippra	verb	swe	piple	verb	nor
sippra	verb	swe	sige	verb	nor
sippra	verb	swe	sive	verb	nor
sira	verb	swe	dekorere	verb	nor
sira	verb	swe	forsire	verb	nor
sitta	verb	swe	finne	verb	nor
sitta	verb	swe	sitje	verb	nor
sitta	verb	swe	sitte	verb	nor
sjappa	verb	swe	fare	verb	nor
sjappa	verb	swe	gå	verb	nor
sjappa	verb	swe	åke	verb	nor
sjuda	verb	swe	koke	verb	nor
sjuda	verb	swe	syde	verb	nor
sjuda	verb	swe	syte	verb	nor
sjunga	verb	swe	stevje	verb	nor
sjunga	verb	swe	synge	verb	nor
sjunga	verb	swe	syngje	verb	nor
sjunka	verb	swe	svelgje	verb	nor
sjunka	verb	swe	synke	verb	nor
sjunka	verb	swe	søkke	verb	nor
sjösätta	verb	swe	sjøsetje	verb	nor
sjösätta	verb	swe	sjøsette	verb	nor
skada	verb	swe	naude	verb	nor
skada	verb	swe	naue	verb	nor
skada	verb	swe	nauve	verb	nor
skada	verb	swe	skade	verb	nor
skadskjuta	verb	swe	skadeskyte	verb	nor
skaffa	verb	swe	skaffe	verb	nor
skaka	verb	swe	grøsse	verb	nor
skaka	verb	swe	ryste	verb	nor
skaka	verb	swe	skake	verb	nor
skaka	verb	swe	skumple	verb	nor
skalla	verb	swe	gjenlyde	verb	nor
skallra	verb	swe	klapre	verb	nor
skallra	verb	swe	skrakle	verb	nor
skallra	verb	swe	skrangle	verb	nor
skalpera	verb	swe	skalpere	verb	nor
skandalisera	verb	swe	skandalisere	verb	nor
skandera	verb	swe	skandere	verb	nor
skanna	verb	swe	skanne	verb	nor
skapa	verb	swe	skape	verb	nor
skatta	verb	swe	anslå	verb	nor
ske	verb	swe	skje	verb	nor
skela	verb	swe	blingse	verb	nor
skena	verb	swe	rande	verb	nor
skena	verb	swe	renne	verb	nor
skena	verb	swe	skinne	verb	nor
skeppa	verb	swe	frakte	verb	nor
skeppa	verb	swe	skipe	verb	nor
skeppa	verb	swe	skysse	verb	nor
skicka	verb	swe	hitsende	verb	nor
skicka	verb	swe	sende	verb	nor
skicka	verb	swe	skikke	verb	nor
skifta	verb	swe	skifte	verb	nor
skildra	verb	swe	skildre	verb	nor
skildra	verb	swe	beskrive	verb	nor
skilja	verb	swe	skilje	verb	nor
skilja	verb	swe	skille	verb	nor
skilja sig	verb	swe	skiljast	verb	nor
skilja sig	verb	swe	skilles	verb	nor
skimra	verb	swe	skimre	verb	nor
skinna	verb	swe	skinne	verb	nor
skipa	verb	swe	danne	verb	nor
skissa	verb	swe	skissere	verb	nor
skissera	verb	swe	skissere	verb	nor
skita	verb	swe	bæsje	verb	nor
skita	verb	swe	drite	verb	nor
skita	verb	swe	skite	verb	nor
skiva	verb	swe	skive	verb	nor
skjuta	verb	swe	knalle	verb	nor
skjuta	verb	swe	skyte	verb	nor
skjuta	verb	swe	skyve	verb	nor
skjutsa	verb	swe	kjøre	verb	nor
skjutsa	verb	swe	køyre	verb	nor
skjutsa	verb	swe	skysse	verb	nor
sko	verb	swe	sko	verb	nor
skockas	adjective	swe	samle	adjective	nor
skockas	adjective	swe	sanke	adjective	nor
skoja	verb	swe	tulle	verb	nor
skona	verb	swe	skåne	verb	nor
skopa	verb	swe	moke	verb	nor
skopa	verb	swe	måke	verb	nor
skopa	verb	swe	skovle	verb	nor
skorra	verb	swe	skurre	verb	nor
skotta	verb	swe	moke	verb	nor
skotta	verb	swe	måke	verb	nor
skotta	verb	swe	skovle	verb	nor
skovla	verb	swe	moke	verb	nor
skovla	verb	swe	måke	verb	nor
skovla	verb	swe	skovle	verb	nor
skramla	verb	swe	skramle	verb	nor
skrapa	verb	swe	kare	verb	nor
skrapa	verb	swe	kroppe	verb	nor
skrapa	verb	swe	skave	verb	nor
skrapa	verb	swe	skrape	verb	nor
skratta	verb	swe	le	verb	nor
skreva	verb	swe	rakne	verb	nor
skreva	verb	swe	revne	verb	nor
skreva	verb	swe	skreve	verb	nor
skria	verb	swe	gjelle	verb	nor
skria	verb	swe	hauke	verb	nor
skria	verb	swe	oie	verb	nor
skria	verb	swe	råle	verb	nor
skria	verb	swe	skrike	verb	nor
skria	verb	swe	våle	verb	nor
skrida	verb	swe	skri	verb	nor
skrida	verb	swe	skride	verb	nor
skrida	verb	swe	trine	verb	nor
skrika	verb	swe	gjelle	verb	nor
skrika	verb	swe	hauke	verb	nor
skrika	verb	swe	oie	verb	nor
skrika	verb	swe	råle	verb	nor
skrika	verb	swe	skrike	verb	nor
skrika	verb	swe	våle	verb	nor
skrinlägga	verb	swe	skrinlegge	verb	nor
skrinlägga	verb	swe	skrinlegge	verb	nor
skritta	verb	swe	skritte	verb	nor
skriva	verb	swe	skrive	verb	nor
skrodera	verb	swe	bramme	verb	nor
skrodera	verb	swe	braute	verb	nor
skrodera	verb	swe	bravere	verb	nor
skrodera	verb	swe	garpe	verb	nor
skrodera	verb	swe	skryte	verb	nor
skrota	verb	swe	skrote	verb	nor
skrubba	verb	swe	skrubbe	verb	nor
skruva	verb	swe	skru	verb	nor
skruva	verb	swe	skrue	verb	nor
skruva	verb	swe	skruve	verb	nor
skruva	verb	swe	snu	verb	nor
skrynkla	verb	swe	rynke	verb	nor
skryta	verb	swe	kyte	verb	nor
skryta	verb	swe	prale	verb	nor
skryta	verb	swe	skryte	verb	nor
skräda	verb	swe	hakke	verb	nor
skräda	verb	swe	sikte	verb	nor
skräddarsy	verb	swe	skreddarsy	verb	nor
skräddarsy	verb	swe	skreddersy	verb	nor
skrämma	verb	swe	skremme	verb	nor
skräna	verb	swe	rope	verb	nor
skräna	verb	swe	skråle	verb	nor
skräppa	verb	swe	bramme	verb	nor
skräppa	verb	swe	braute	verb	nor
skräppa	verb	swe	bravere	verb	nor
skräppa	verb	swe	garpe	verb	nor
skräppa	verb	swe	skryte	verb	nor
skrävla	verb	swe	bramme	verb	nor
skrävla	verb	swe	braute	verb	nor
skrävla	verb	swe	bravere	verb	nor
skrävla	verb	swe	garpe	verb	nor
skrävla	verb	swe	skryte	verb	nor
skråla	verb	swe	rope	verb	nor
skråla	verb	swe	skråle	verb	nor
skubba	verb	swe	rande	verb	nor
skubba	verb	swe	renne	verb	nor
skudda	verb	swe	grøsse	verb	nor
skudda	verb	swe	ryste	verb	nor
skudda	verb	swe	skake	verb	nor
skudda	verb	swe	skumple	verb	nor
skuffa	verb	swe	knubbe	verb	nor
skuffa	verb	swe	knuvle	verb	nor
skuffa	verb	swe	puffe	verb	nor
skuffa	verb	swe	skuffe	verb	nor
skugga	verb	swe	skugge	verb	nor
skugga	verb	swe	skygge	verb	nor
skuldbelägga	verb	swe	klandre	verb	nor
skumma	verb	swe	skumme	verb	nor
skumpa	verb	swe	skumpe	verb	nor
skura	verb	swe	skure	verb	nor
skutta	verb	swe	hoppe	verb	nor
skutta	verb	swe	skutte	verb	nor
skutta	verb	swe	springe	verb	nor
skvala	verb	swe	strømme	verb	nor
skvala	verb	swe	strøyme	verb	nor
skvallra	verb	swe	sladre	verb	nor
skvalpa	verb	swe	skvalpe	verb	nor
skvalpa	verb	swe	skvulpe	verb	nor
skvimpa	verb	swe	skvulpe	verb	nor
skvisa	verb	swe	perse	verb	nor
skvisa	verb	swe	presse	verb	nor
skvätta	verb	swe	hakke	verb	nor
skvätta	verb	swe	sprøyte	verb	nor
skvätta	verb	swe	stenke	verb	nor
skvätta	verb	swe	stotre	verb	nor
sky	verb	swe	sky	verb	nor
skydda	verb	swe	beskytte	verb	nor
skydda	verb	swe	verne	verb	nor
skyffla	verb	swe	moke	verb	nor
skyffla	verb	swe	måke	verb	nor
skyffla	verb	swe	skuffe	verb	nor
skygga	verb	swe	skugge	verb	nor
skygga	verb	swe	skygge	verb	nor
skyla	verb	swe	dekke	verb	nor
skyla	verb	swe	løyne	verb	nor
skyla	verb	swe	skjule	verb	nor
skylla	verb	swe	klandre	verb	nor
skylta	verb	swe	annonsere	verb	nor
skylta	verb	swe	skilte	verb	nor
skymfa	verb	swe	fornærme	verb	nor
skymma	verb	swe	glimte	verb	nor
skymma	verb	swe	skjule	verb	nor
skymma	verb	swe	skumre	verb	nor
skymta	verb	swe	augne	verb	nor
skymta	verb	swe	glimte	verb	nor
skymta	verb	swe	øygne	verb	nor
skymta	verb	swe	øyne	verb	nor
skynda	verb	swe	anne	verb	nor
skynda	verb	swe	forte	verb	nor
skynda	verb	swe	kjappe	verb	nor
skynda	verb	swe	kvaste	verb	nor
skynda	verb	swe	nøyte	verb	nor
skynda	verb	swe	pitle	verb	nor
skynda	verb	swe	raske	verb	nor
skynda	verb	swe	skunde	verb	nor
skynda	verb	swe	skynde	verb	nor
skynda	verb	swe	snøgge	verb	nor
skynda	verb	swe	svinte	verb	nor
skälla	verb	swe	bjeffe	verb	nor
skälva	verb	swe	gyse	verb	nor
skälva	verb	swe	hukre	verb	nor
skälva	verb	swe	hustre	verb	nor
skälva	verb	swe	kulse	verb	nor
skälva	verb	swe	kulske	verb	nor
skälva	verb	swe	skjelve	verb	nor
skämma	verb	swe	skamme	verb	nor
skämma	verb	swe	skjemme	verb	nor
skämma bort	verb	swe	forvenne	verb	nor
skämmas	adjective	swe	krympe	adjective	nor
skämmas	adjective	swe	kvi seg	adjective	nor
skämmas	adjective	swe	kvie seg	adjective	nor
skämta	verb	swe	fleipe	verb	nor
skämta	verb	swe	gante	verb	nor
skämta	verb	swe	skjemte	verb	nor
skämta	verb	swe	skøye	verb	nor
skämta	verb	swe	spøke	verb	nor
skänka	verb	swe	donere	verb	nor
skänka	verb	swe	skjenke	verb	nor
skära	verb	swe	karve	verb	nor
skära	verb	swe	skjere	verb	nor
skära	verb	swe	skjære	verb	nor
skärma av	verb	swe	skjerme	verb	nor
skärpa	verb	swe	skjerme	verb	nor
skärra	verb	swe	kveppe	verb	nor
skåda	verb	swe	skode	verb	nor
skåda	verb	swe	skue	verb	nor
skåda	verb	swe	skygne	verb	nor
skåla	verb	swe	skåle	verb	nor
skålla	verb	swe	skjolde	verb	nor
skålla	verb	swe	skålde	verb	nor
skåpa ut	verb	swe	utkonkurrere	verb	nor
skåpsupa	verb	swe	smugdrikke	verb	nor
skåra	verb	swe	fure	verb	nor
skölja	verb	swe	skylje	verb	nor
skölja	verb	swe	skylle	verb	nor
skönmåla	verb	swe	skjønnmale	verb	nor
skönmåla	verb	swe	skjønnmåle	verb	nor
sköra	verb	swe	flenge	verb	nor
sköra	verb	swe	flerre	verb	nor
skörda	verb	swe	hauste	verb	nor
skörda	verb	swe	høste	verb	nor
skövla	verb	swe	herje	verb	nor
skövla	verb	swe	plyndre	verb	nor
slabba	verb	swe	sjaske	verb	nor
sladda	verb	swe	skri	verb	nor
sladda	verb	swe	skride	verb	nor
sladda	verb	swe	trine	verb	nor
sladdra	verb	swe	sladre	verb	nor
slafa	verb	swe	lægre	verb	nor
slafa	verb	swe	sove	verb	nor
slafsa	verb	swe	knaske	verb	nor
slafsa	verb	swe	knurpe	verb	nor
slafsa	verb	swe	knuspe	verb	nor
slafsa	verb	swe	smaske	verb	nor
slagga	verb	swe	lægre	verb	nor
slagga	verb	swe	sove	verb	nor
slakta	verb	swe	slakte	verb	nor
slamra	verb	swe	rasle	verb	nor
slamra	verb	swe	ratle	verb	nor
slamra	verb	swe	rutle	verb	nor
slamra	verb	swe	skrasle	verb	nor
slamra	verb	swe	skratle	verb	nor
slappna	verb	swe	slappe av	verb	nor
slarva	verb	swe	jaske	verb	nor
slarva	verb	swe	sjuske	verb	nor
slarva	verb	swe	slarve	verb	nor
slarva	verb	swe	slaure	verb	nor
slarva	verb	swe	slurve	verb	nor
slarva	verb	swe	sluske	verb	nor
slava	verb	swe	slave	verb	nor
sleva	verb	swe	bratte	verb	nor
sleva	verb	swe	helle	verb	nor
slicka	verb	swe	sleike	verb	nor
slicka	verb	swe	slikke	verb	nor
slingra	verb	swe	kringle	verb	nor
slingra	verb	swe	slingre	verb	nor
slinka	verb	swe	gli	verb	nor
slinka	verb	swe	glide	verb	nor
slinka	verb	swe	skli	verb	nor
slinta	verb	swe	feile	verb	nor
slinta	verb	swe	gli	verb	nor
slinta	verb	swe	glide	verb	nor
slinta	verb	swe	mynte	verb	nor
slipa	verb	swe	slipe	verb	nor
slippa	verb	swe	slapne	verb	nor
slippa	verb	swe	slappe	verb	nor
slippa	verb	swe	slipe	verb	nor
slita	verb	swe	knoge	verb	nor
slita	verb	swe	maure	verb	nor
slita	verb	swe	nibe	verb	nor
slita	verb	swe	pæle	verb	nor
slita	verb	swe	sjaue	verb	nor
slita	verb	swe	slisse	verb	nor
slita	verb	swe	slite	verb	nor
slita	verb	swe	trale	verb	nor
slita ut	verb	swe	knoge	verb	nor
slita ut	verb	swe	maure	verb	nor
slita ut	verb	swe	nibe	verb	nor
slita ut	verb	swe	pæle	verb	nor
slita ut	verb	swe	sjaue	verb	nor
slita ut	verb	swe	slite	verb	nor
slita ut	verb	swe	trale	verb	nor
slitsa	verb	swe	slisse	verb	nor
slockna	verb	swe	slokne	verb	nor
slockna	verb	swe	slukke	verb	nor
slockna	verb	swe	slukne	verb	nor
slockna	verb	swe	sløkke	verb	nor
sloka	verb	swe	slaske	verb	nor
slopa	verb	swe	avskaffe	verb	nor
slopa	verb	swe	droppe	verb	nor
slopa	verb	swe	sløyfe	verb	nor
slugga	verb	swe	bokse	verb	nor
sluka	verb	swe	jafse	verb	nor
sluka	verb	swe	sluke	verb	nor
sluka	verb	swe	snafse	verb	nor
slumra	verb	swe	slumre	verb	nor
slunga	verb	swe	slenge	verb	nor
slunga	verb	swe	slynge	verb	nor
slussa	verb	swe	sluse	verb	nor
sluta	verb	swe	slutte	verb	nor
sluta	verb	swe	stagge	verb	nor
sluta	verb	swe	stenge	verb	nor
sluta	verb	swe	stoppe	verb	nor
slutföra	verb	swe	fullende	verb	nor
slutföra	verb	swe	fullføre	verb	nor
slutta	verb	swe	halle	verb	nor
slutta	verb	swe	skrå	verb	nor
slutta	verb	swe	skråne	verb	nor
slutta	verb	swe	slutte	verb	nor
slutta	verb	swe	vippe	verb	nor
släcka	verb	swe	slukke	verb	nor
släcka	verb	swe	sløkke¹	verb	nor
slänga	verb	swe	kaste	verb	nor
slänga	verb	swe	pelme	verb	nor
slänga	verb	swe	pælme	verb	nor
slänga	verb	swe	slenge	verb	nor
slänga	verb	swe	svarve	verb	nor
slänga	verb	swe	sveive	verb	nor
slänga	verb	swe	svinge	verb	nor
slänga	verb	swe	svinse	verb	nor
slänga	verb	swe	svive	verb	nor
slänga	verb	swe	veive	verb	nor
släntra	verb	swe	slentre	verb	nor
släntra	verb	swe	spasere	verb	nor
släpa	verb	swe	dragse	verb	nor
släpa	verb	swe	drasse	verb	nor
släpa	verb	swe	krusle	verb	nor
släpa	verb	swe	pingse	verb	nor
släpa	verb	swe	slepe	verb	nor
släpa	verb	swe	taue	verb	nor
släppa	verb	swe	sleppe	verb	nor
släppa	verb	swe	slippe	verb	nor
släta	verb	swe	glatte	verb	nor
släta	verb	swe	slike	verb	nor
släta	verb	swe	slikje	verb	nor
slå	verb	swe	dreise	verb	nor
slå	verb	swe	fike	verb	nor
slå	verb	swe	klubbe	verb	nor
slå	verb	swe	knarte	verb	nor
slå	verb	swe	peise	verb	nor
slå	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
slå	verb	swe	smeise	verb	nor
slå om	verb	swe	skifte	verb	nor
slå ut	verb	swe	blomstre	verb	nor
slå ut	verb	swe	bløme	verb	nor
slå runt	verb	swe	bikke	verb	nor
slå runt	verb	swe	velte	verb	nor
slå till	verb	swe	dreise	verb	nor
slå till	verb	swe	fike	verb	nor
slå till	verb	swe	klubbe	verb	nor
slå till	verb	swe	knarte	verb	nor
slå till	verb	swe	peise	verb	nor
slå till	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
slå till	verb	swe	smeise	verb	nor
slå vad	verb	swe	satse	verb	nor
slå vad	verb	swe	vedde	verb	nor
slåss	verb	swe	slåss	verb	nor
slåss	verb	swe	slåst	verb	nor
slöa	verb	swe	sløve	verb	nor
slöjda	verb	swe	snitte	verb	nor
slöra	verb	swe	dimme	verb	nor
slöra	verb	swe	sløre	verb	nor
slösa	verb	swe	sløse	verb	nor
smaka	verb	swe	smake	verb	nor
smaksätta	verb	swe	smaksetje	verb	nor
smaksätta	verb	swe	smaksette	verb	nor
smaska	verb	swe	knaske	verb	nor
smaska	verb	swe	knurpe	verb	nor
smaska	verb	swe	knuspe	verb	nor
smaska	verb	swe	smaske	verb	nor
smattra	verb	swe	kneppe	verb	nor
smattra	verb	swe	knepre	verb	nor
smattra	verb	swe	knerte	verb	nor
smattra	verb	swe	kneste	verb	nor
smattra	verb	swe	knette	verb	nor
smattra	verb	swe	neppe	verb	nor
smattra	verb	swe	smale	verb	nor
smattra	verb	swe	smatre	verb	nor
smattra	verb	swe	smelle	verb	nor
smeka	verb	swe	kjærtegne	verb	nor
smeka	verb	swe	kjærteikne	verb	nor
smeta	verb	swe	smøre	verb	nor
smeta	verb	swe	smørje	verb	nor
smickra	verb	swe	flattere	verb	nor
smickra	verb	swe	godsnakke	verb	nor
smickra	verb	swe	smigre	verb	nor
smida	verb	swe	smi	verb	nor
sminka	verb	swe	sminke	verb	nor
smiska	verb	swe	smekke	verb	nor
smiska	verb	swe	smikke	verb	nor
smita	verb	swe	stikke av	verb	nor
smitta	verb	swe	smitte	verb	nor
smuggla	verb	swe	smugle	verb	nor
smula	verb	swe	krumme	verb	nor
smussla	verb	swe	snike	verb	nor
smutsa	verb	swe	skitne	verb	nor
smutsa	verb	swe	smusse	verb	nor
smycka	verb	swe	smykke	verb	nor
smyga	verb	swe	liste	verb	nor
smyga	verb	swe	smyge	verb	nor
smyga	verb	swe	stiltre	verb	nor
smäcka	verb	swe	brase	verb	nor
smäcka	verb	swe	huge	verb	nor
smäcka	verb	swe	juge	verb	nor
smäcka	verb	swe	ljuge	verb	nor
smäcka	verb	swe	lyge	verb	nor
smäcka	verb	swe	lyve	verb	nor
smäcka	verb	swe	smekke	verb	nor
smäcka	verb	swe	smikke	verb	nor
smäda	verb	swe	geine	verb	nor
smäda	verb	swe	håne	verb	nor
smäda	verb	swe	persiflere	verb	nor
smäda	verb	swe	spotte	verb	nor
smäda	verb	swe	æreskjelle	verb	nor
smäkta	verb	swe	smekte	verb	nor
smälla	verb	swe	klaske	verb	nor
smälla	verb	swe	klesse	verb	nor
smälla	verb	swe	smelle	verb	nor
smälta	verb	swe	bråne	verb	nor
smälta	verb	swe	smelte	verb	nor
smärta	verb	swe	smerte	verb	nor
småprata	verb	swe	småprate	verb	nor
småprata	verb	swe	småsnakke	verb	nor
smörja	verb	swe	fisle	verb	nor
snabba på	verb	swe	påskynde	verb	nor
snacka	verb	swe	drøse	verb	nor
snacka	verb	swe	jarpe	verb	nor
snacka	verb	swe	skravle	verb	nor
snacka	verb	swe	sludre	verb	nor
snacka	verb	swe	snakke	verb	nor
snappa	verb	swe	snappe	verb	nor
snappa	verb	swe	snuppe	verb	nor
snara	verb	swe	snare	verb	nor
snarka	verb	swe	snorke	verb	nor
snatta	verb	swe	rappe	verb	nor
snatta	verb	swe	rapse	verb	nor
snava	verb	swe	snuble	verb	nor
snava	verb	swe	snåve	verb	nor
snedvrida	verb	swe	forvrenge	verb	nor
snedvrida	verb	swe	forvri	verb	nor
snedvrida	verb	swe	forvride	verb	nor
snegla	verb	swe	blingse	verb	nor
snickra	verb	swe	snekkerere	verb	nor
snickra	verb	swe	snekre	verb	nor
snickra	verb	swe	snikre	verb	nor
snida	verb	swe	snitte	verb	nor
sniffa	verb	swe	sniffe	verb	nor
sniffa	verb	swe	snuse	verb	nor
snitta	verb	swe	snitte	verb	nor
sno	verb	swe	sno	verb	nor
sno	verb	swe	snoe	verb	nor
snoka	verb	swe	snake	verb	nor
snoka	verb	swe	snoke	verb	nor
snoka	verb	swe	snuse	verb	nor
snoka	verb	swe	snøse	verb	nor
snoppa	verb	swe	klippe	verb	nor
snubba	verb	swe	irettesetje	verb	nor
snubba	verb	swe	irettesette	verb	nor
snubba	verb	swe	overhøvle	verb	nor
snubba	verb	swe	snubbe	verb	nor
snubbla	verb	swe	snuble	verb	nor
snubbla	verb	swe	snåve	verb	nor
snurra	verb	swe	dreie	verb	nor
snurra	verb	swe	snu	verb	nor
snurra	verb	swe	snurre	verb	nor
snusa	verb	swe	snake	verb	nor
snusa	verb	swe	snoke	verb	nor
snusa	verb	swe	snuse	verb	nor
snusa	verb	swe	snøse	verb	nor
snuva	verb	swe	snyte	verb	nor
snyfta	verb	swe	sipe	verb	nor
snyfta	verb	swe	snøfte	verb	nor
snylta	verb	swe	snultre	verb	nor
snylta	verb	swe	snylte	verb	nor
snyta	verb	swe	snyte	verb	nor
snäppa	verb	swe	knipse	verb	nor
snäppa	verb	swe	skritte	verb	nor
snärja	verb	swe	fange	verb	nor
snärpa	verb	swe	snerre	verb	nor
snäsa	verb	swe	snerre	verb	nor
snåla	verb	swe	spare	verb	nor
snöa	verb	swe	sne	verb	nor
snöa	verb	swe	snø	verb	nor
snöra	verb	swe	snøre	verb	nor
snörpa	verb	swe	snerpe	verb	nor
snörvla	verb	swe	kleise	verb	nor
snörvla	verb	swe	loke	verb	nor
snörvla	verb	swe	snøvle	verb	nor
snörvla	verb	swe	somle	verb	nor
socialisera	verb	swe	sosialisere	verb	nor
sockra	verb	swe	sukre	verb	nor
sola	verb	swe	sole	verb	nor
somna	verb	swe	sovne	verb	nor
sona	verb	swe	sone	verb	nor
sondera	verb	swe	sondere	verb	nor
sondera	verb	swe	utforske	verb	nor
sopa	verb	swe	feie	verb	nor
sopa	verb	swe	sope	verb	nor
sopa	verb	swe	subbe	verb	nor
sopa till	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
sorla	verb	swe	risle	verb	nor
sortera	verb	swe	sortere	verb	nor
sota	verb	swe	sote	verb	nor
sova	verb	swe	lægre	verb	nor
sova	verb	swe	sove	verb	nor
sovra	verb	swe	sortere	verb	nor
spana	verb	swe	spane	verb	nor
spana	verb	swe	spionere	verb	nor
spankulera	verb	swe	spankulere	verb	nor
spankulera	verb	swe	stoltsere	verb	nor
spara	verb	swe	spare	verb	nor
sparka	verb	swe	sparke	verb	nor
sparka	verb	swe	tuppe	verb	nor
sparkas	adjective	swe	sparke	adjective	nor
sparkas	adjective	swe	tuppe	adjective	nor
sparra	verb	swe	sparre	verb	nor
specialisera	verb	swe	spesialisere	verb	nor
specificera	verb	swe	spesifisere	verb	nor
spegla	verb	swe	spegle	verb	nor
spegla	verb	swe	speile	verb	nor
spekulera	verb	swe	spekulere	verb	nor
spela	verb	swe	spele	verb	nor
spela	verb	swe	spille	verb	nor
spendera	verb	swe	bruke	verb	nor
spendera	verb	swe	spandere	verb	nor
spetsa	verb	swe	spisse	verb	nor
spika	verb	swe	hamre	verb	nor
spika	verb	swe	knatte	verb	nor
spika	verb	swe	spike	verb	nor
spilla	verb	swe	søle	verb	nor
spinna	verb	swe	spinne	verb	nor
spionera	verb	swe	spionere	verb	nor
spira	verb	swe	spire	verb	nor
spisa	verb	swe	ete	verb	nor
spisa	verb	swe	spise	verb	nor
spisa	verb	swe	spisse	verb	nor
spjärna	verb	swe	spjære	verb	nor
splittra	verb	swe	splintre	verb	nor
splittra	verb	swe	underhalde	verb	nor
splittra	verb	swe	underholde	verb	nor
spola	verb	swe	spyle	verb	nor
spoliera	verb	swe	spolere	verb	nor
spoliera	verb	swe	ødelegge	verb	nor
spoliera	verb	swe	øydelegge	verb	nor
sponsra	verb	swe	sponse	verb	nor
sponsra	verb	swe	sponsorere	verb	nor
sponsra	verb	swe	sponsre	verb	nor
sporra	verb	swe	anspore	verb	nor
sporra	verb	swe	egge	verb	nor
spotta	verb	swe	spytte	verb	nor
spraka	verb	swe	gnistre	verb	nor
sprattla	verb	swe	sprelle	verb	nor
spreja	verb	swe	spraye	verb	nor
spricka	verb	swe	rakne	verb	nor
spricka	verb	swe	revne	verb	nor
spricka	verb	swe	sprekke	verb	nor
sprida	verb	swe	propagere	verb	nor
sprida	verb	swe	spre	verb	nor
sprida	verb	swe	spreie	verb	nor
sprida	verb	swe	utbre	verb	nor
sprida	verb	swe	utbreie	verb	nor
springa	verb	swe	beine	verb	nor
springa	verb	swe	bene	verb	nor
springa	verb	swe	kute	verb	nor
springa	verb	swe	laupe	verb	nor
springa	verb	swe	løpe	verb	nor
springa	verb	swe	løype	verb	nor
springa	verb	swe	ploge	verb	nor
springa	verb	swe	springe	verb	nor
sprinta	verb	swe	sprinte	verb	nor
spritta	verb	swe	spjette	verb	nor
sprudla	verb	swe	puldre	verb	nor
sprudla	verb	swe	purle	verb	nor
sprudla	verb	swe	sprudle	verb	nor
spruta	verb	swe	sprøyte	verb	nor
sprutlackera	verb	swe	sprøytelakkere	verb	nor
spräcka	verb	swe	flakne	verb	nor
spräcka	verb	swe	sprekke	verb	nor
spränga	verb	swe	blåse	verb	nor
spränga	verb	swe	sprenge	verb	nor
sprätta	verb	swe	spre	verb	nor
sprätta	verb	swe	spreie	verb	nor
sprätta	verb	swe	sprette	verb	nor
spurta	verb	swe	spurte	verb	nor
spy	verb	swe	spy	verb	nor
spä	verb	swe	spe	verb	nor
späcka	verb	swe	spekke	verb	nor
spänna	verb	swe	spenne	verb	nor
spärra	verb	swe	sperre	verb	nor
spå	verb	swe	forespeile	verb	nor
spå	verb	swe	førespegle	verb	nor
spå	verb	swe	spore	verb	nor
spå	verb	swe	spå	verb	nor
spåra	verb	swe	spore	verb	nor
spåra upp	verb	swe	oppspore	verb	nor
spöa	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
spöka	verb	swe	fleipe	verb	nor
spöka	verb	swe	gante	verb	nor
spöka	verb	swe	skøye	verb	nor
spöka	verb	swe	spøke	verb	nor
spörja	verb	swe	spørje	verb	nor
spörja	verb	swe	spørre	verb	nor
stabilisera	verb	swe	stabilisere	verb	nor
stadfästa	verb	swe	fastsetje	verb	nor
stadfästa	verb	swe	fastsette	verb	nor
stadfästa	verb	swe	setje fast	verb	nor
stadfästa	verb	swe	stadfeste	verb	nor
stadga	verb	swe	fastsetje	verb	nor
stadga	verb	swe	fastsette	verb	nor
stadga	verb	swe	setje fast	verb	nor
stagnera	verb	swe	stagnere	verb	nor
staka	verb	swe	stage	verb	nor
staka	verb	swe	stake	verb	nor
stalka	verb	swe	jakte	verb	nor
stamma	verb	swe	nedstamme	verb	nor
stamma	verb	swe	stamme	verb	nor
stamma	verb	swe	ætte	verb	nor
stampa	verb	swe	sjabbe	verb	nor
stampa	verb	swe	stampe	verb	nor
standardisera	verb	swe	standardisere	verb	nor
stanna	verb	swe	bli verande	verb	nor
stanna	verb	swe	forbli	verb	nor
stanna	verb	swe	hevle	verb	nor
stanna	verb	swe	stane	verb	nor
stanna	verb	swe	stanse	verb	nor
stanna	verb	swe	stoppe	verb	nor
stanna	verb	swe	stå	verb	nor
stapla	verb	swe	gildre	verb	nor
stapla	verb	swe	lunne	verb	nor
stapla	verb	swe	lø	verb	nor
stapla	verb	swe	rauke	verb	nor
stapla	verb	swe	røyse	verb	nor
stapla	verb	swe	stable	verb	nor
stapla	verb	swe	stakke	verb	nor
stapla	verb	swe	staple	verb	nor
stappla	verb	swe	stable	verb	nor
stappla	verb	swe	stolpre	verb	nor
starrbliga	verb	swe	glyre	verb	nor
starrbliga	verb	swe	stire	verb	nor
starrbliga	verb	swe	stirre	verb	nor
starta	verb	swe	starte	verb	nor
stationera	verb	swe	stasjonere	verb	nor
statuera	verb	swe	statuere	verb	nor
stava	verb	swe	stave	verb	nor
stegra	verb	swe	auke	verb	nor
stegra	verb	swe	øke	verb	nor
steka	verb	swe	begrave	verb	nor
steka	verb	swe	gravlegge	verb	nor
steka	verb	swe	steike	verb	nor
steka	verb	swe	stikke	verb	nor
steka	verb	swe	stinge	verb	nor
stelna	verb	swe	stivne	verb	nor
stelna	verb	swe	stølne	verb	nor
stena	verb	swe	steine	verb	nor
stenografera	verb	swe	stenografere	verb	nor
steppa	verb	swe	steppe	verb	nor
sterilisera	verb	swe	sterilisere	verb	nor
sticka	verb	swe	skli	verb	nor
sticka	verb	swe	spøte	verb	nor
sticka	verb	swe	strikke	verb	nor
stifta	verb	swe	stifte	verb	nor
stiga	verb	swe	flø	verb	nor
stiga	verb	swe	skritte	verb	nor
stiga	verb	swe	stige	verb	nor
stigmatisera	verb	swe	stigmatisere	verb	nor
stilisera	verb	swe	stilisere	verb	nor
stilla	verb	swe	dempe	verb	nor
stilla	verb	swe	fjelge	verb	nor
stilla	verb	swe	stille	verb	nor
stimma	verb	swe	stime	verb	nor
stimulera	verb	swe	stimulere	verb	nor
stinka	verb	swe	stinke	verb	nor
stipulera	verb	swe	stipulere	verb	nor
stirra	verb	swe	glyre	verb	nor
stirra	verb	swe	stire	verb	nor
stirra	verb	swe	stirre	verb	nor
stjäla	verb	swe	knabbe	verb	nor
stjäla	verb	swe	kvarte	verb	nor
stjäla	verb	swe	orge	verb	nor
stjäla	verb	swe	stele	verb	nor
stjäla	verb	swe	stjele	verb	nor
stjäla	verb	swe	tjuve	verb	nor
stjälpa	verb	swe	bikke	verb	nor
stjälpa	verb	swe	velte	verb	nor
stocka	verb	swe	stokke	verb	nor
stoja	verb	swe	braske	verb	nor
stoja	verb	swe	bråke	verb	nor
stoja	verb	swe	dønne	verb	nor
stoja	verb	swe	gny	verb	nor
stoja	verb	swe	larme	verb	nor
stoja	verb	swe	slamre	verb	nor
stolpa	verb	swe	fare	verb	nor
stolpa	verb	swe	gå	verb	nor
stolpa	verb	swe	åke	verb	nor
stoltsera	verb	swe	kyte	verb	nor
stoltsera	verb	swe	prale	verb	nor
stoppa	verb	swe	plugge	verb	nor
stoppa	verb	swe	stagge	verb	nor
stoppa	verb	swe	stappe	verb	nor
stoppa	verb	swe	stoppe	verb	nor
stoppa	verb	swe	teppe	verb	nor
storma	verb	swe	storme	verb	nor
storma	verb	swe	styrme	verb	nor
stormtrivas	verb	swe	stortrivast	verb	nor
stormtrivas	verb	swe	stortrives	verb	nor
straffa	verb	swe	straffe	verb	nor
straffbelägga	verb	swe	kriminalisere	verb	nor
strama	verb	swe	stramme	verb	nor
stranda	verb	swe	strande	verb	nor
strandsätta	verb	swe	strande	verb	nor
stratifiera	verb	swe	stratifisere	verb	nor
strecka	verb	swe	streke	verb	nor
strejka	verb	swe	streike	verb	nor
stressa	verb	swe	stresse	verb	nor
streta	verb	swe	stri	verb	nor
streta	verb	swe	stritte	verb	nor
strida	verb	swe	bale	verb	nor
strida	verb	swe	kjempe	verb	nor
strida	verb	swe	krungle	verb	nor
strida	verb	swe	stri	verb	nor
strida	verb	swe	stride	verb	nor
strila	verb	swe	sile	verb	nor
strimla	verb	swe	strimle	verb	nor
strippa	verb	swe	strippe	verb	nor
strukturera	verb	swe	strukturere	verb	nor
strunta	verb	swe	ignorere	verb	nor
strunta i	verb	swe	ignorere	verb	nor
strunta	verb	swe	strunte	verb	nor
strutta	verb	swe	dalte	verb	nor
strutta	verb	swe	trippe	verb	nor
stryka	verb	swe	stryke	verb	nor
stryka med	verb	swe	daude	verb	nor
stryka med	verb	swe	dø	verb	nor
stryka med	verb	swe	døy	verb	nor
strypa	verb	swe	kjøve	verb	nor
strypa	verb	swe	kvele	verb	nor
strypa	verb	swe	kvæve	verb	nor
strypa	verb	swe	strupe	verb	nor
strypa	verb	swe	strype	verb	nor
sträcka	verb	swe	rembe	verb	nor
sträcka	verb	swe	strekke	verb	nor
sträcka	verb	swe	strekke	verb	nor
sträcka	verb	swe	trekke	verb	nor
sträcka	verb	swe	trekke	verb	nor
sträcka	verb	swe	træ	verb	nor
sträva	verb	swe	streve	verb	nor
stråla	verb	swe	radiere	verb	nor
stråla	verb	swe	stråle	verb	nor
stråla samman	verb	swe	møte	verb	nor
strålbehandla	verb	swe	strålebehandle	verb	nor
strö	verb	swe	strø	verb	nor
strömma	verb	swe	strømme	verb	nor
strömma	verb	swe	strøyme	verb	nor
ströva	verb	swe	rangle	verb	nor
ströva	verb	swe	snære	verb	nor
ströva	verb	swe	streife	verb	nor
ströva	verb	swe	vandre	verb	nor
stubba	verb	swe	pare	verb	nor
stubba	verb	swe	stusse	verb	nor
studera	verb	swe	studere	verb	nor
studsa	verb	swe	pare	verb	nor
studsa	verb	swe	stusse	verb	nor
stuka	verb	swe	forstue	verb	nor
stuka	verb	swe	forstuve	verb	nor
stulta	verb	swe	stolpre	verb	nor
stunda	verb	swe	forestå	verb	nor
stunda	verb	swe	forvalte	verb	nor
stunda	verb	swe	komme	verb	nor
stupa	verb	swe	bumse	verb	nor
stupa	verb	swe	dette	verb	nor
stupa	verb	swe	falde	verb	nor
stupa	verb	swe	stupe	verb	nor
stupa	verb	swe	trulte	verb	nor
stura	verb	swe	furte	verb	nor
stura	verb	swe	mule	verb	nor
stura	verb	swe	sture	verb	nor
stura	verb	swe	surmule	verb	nor
stuva	verb	swe	gjemme	verb	nor
stuva	verb	swe	gjømme	verb	nor
stuva	verb	swe	gøyme	verb	nor
stuva	verb	swe	stue	verb	nor
stuva	verb	swe	stuve	verb	nor
stycka	verb	swe	oppdele	verb	nor
stycka	verb	swe	stykke	verb	nor
stylta	verb	swe	stylte	verb	nor
stylta	verb	swe	styltre	verb	nor
stympa	verb	swe	lemleste	verb	nor
styra	verb	swe	hanske	verb	nor
styra	verb	swe	ratte	verb	nor
styra	verb	swe	styre	verb	nor
styrka	verb	swe	sterkne	verb	nor
styrka	verb	swe	styrke	verb	nor
styrka	verb	swe	styrke	verb	nor
styvna	verb	swe	stivne	verb	nor
styvna	verb	swe	stølne	verb	nor
städa	verb	swe	gjere reint	verb	nor
städa	verb	swe	gjøre rent	verb	nor
städa	verb	swe	rydde	verb	nor
städa	verb	swe	vaske	verb	nor
ställa	verb	swe	fjelge	verb	nor
ställa	verb	swe	reise	verb	nor
ställa	verb	swe	stelle	verb	nor
ställa	verb	swe	stille	verb	nor
ställa om	verb	swe	konvertere	verb	nor
ställa om	verb	swe	omstille	verb	nor
ställa till	verb	swe	arrangere	verb	nor
ställa till	verb	swe	fli	verb	nor
ställa till	verb	swe	hage	verb	nor
ställa till	verb	swe	make	verb	nor
ställa till	verb	swe	ordne	verb	nor
ställa till	verb	swe	stelle	verb	nor
stämma	verb	swe	røyste	verb	nor
stämma	verb	swe	saksøke	verb	nor
stämma	verb	swe	stemme	verb	nor
stämpla	verb	swe	stemple	verb	nor
stänga	verb	swe	lukke	verb	nor
stänga	verb	swe	lukke	verb	nor
stänga	verb	swe	stenge	verb	nor
stänga	verb	swe	stenge	verb	nor
stänga av	verb	swe	slå av	verb	nor
stänka	verb	swe	stenke	verb	nor
stärka	verb	swe	stive	verb	nor
stärka	verb	swe	styrke	verb	nor
stärka	verb	swe	styrke	verb	nor
stävja	verb	swe	hevle	verb	nor
stävja	verb	swe	stane	verb	nor
stävja	verb	swe	stanse	verb	nor
stävja	verb	swe	stoppe	verb	nor
stå	verb	swe	stå	verb	nor
stånga	verb	swe	stange	verb	nor
stångas	adjective	swe	stange	adjective	nor
ståta	verb	swe	kyte	verb	nor
ståta	verb	swe	prale	verb	nor
stödja	verb	swe	stø	verb	nor
stödja	verb	swe	støe	verb	nor
stödja	verb	swe	støtte	verb	nor
stöka	verb	swe	arrangere	verb	nor
stöka	verb	swe	fli	verb	nor
stöka	verb	swe	make	verb	nor
stöka	verb	swe	ordne	verb	nor
stöka	verb	swe	stelle	verb	nor
stöna	verb	swe	støne	verb	nor
stöna	verb	swe	stønne	verb	nor
stöpa	verb	swe	støype	verb	nor
stöpa	verb	swe	støpe	verb	nor
stöppla	verb	swe	marmorere	verb	nor
störa	verb	swe	forstyrre	verb	nor
störta	verb	swe	hølje	verb	nor
störta	verb	swe	styrte	verb	nor
stöta	verb	swe	støte	verb	nor
stöta	verb	swe	støyte	verb	nor
stötta	verb	swe	stø	verb	nor
stötta	verb	swe	støe	verb	nor
stötta	verb	swe	støtte	verb	nor
sublimera	verb	swe	sublimere	verb	nor
subordinera	verb	swe	subordinere	verb	nor
subsidiera	verb	swe	subsidiere	verb	nor
subskribera	verb	swe	subskribere	verb	nor
substituera	verb	swe	substituere	verb	nor
subtrahera	verb	swe	subtrahere	verb	nor
subventionera	verb	swe	subsidiere	verb	nor
subventionera	verb	swe	subvensjonere	verb	nor
sucka	verb	swe	sukke	verb	nor
sudda	verb	swe	viske	verb	nor
suffigera	verb	swe	suffigere	verb	nor
sufflera	verb	swe	sufflere	verb	nor
suga	verb	swe	suge	verb	nor
suggerera	verb	swe	suggerere	verb	nor
summa	verb	swe	humle	verb	nor
summa	verb	swe	summe	verb	nor
summera	verb	swe	addere	verb	nor
summera	verb	swe	summere	verb	nor
supa	verb	swe	drikke	verb	nor
supplera	verb	swe	supplere	verb	nor
supponera	verb	swe	supponere	verb	nor
surfa	verb	swe	surfe	verb	nor
surra	verb	swe	bendsle	verb	nor
surra	verb	swe	gjorde	verb	nor
surra	verb	swe	gjure	verb	nor
surra	verb	swe	gyrde	verb	nor
surra	verb	swe	røyre	verb	nor
surra	verb	swe	surre	verb	nor
surra	verb	swe	vire	verb	nor
susa	verb	swe	sjoge	verb	nor
susa	verb	swe	sjogse	verb	nor
susa	verb	swe	suse	verb	nor
suspendera	verb	swe	suspendere	verb	nor
svaja	verb	swe	svage	verb	nor
svaja	verb	swe	svaie	verb	nor
svalka	verb	swe	kjøle	verb	nor
svalla	verb	swe	bylgje	verb	nor
svalla	verb	swe	bølge	verb	nor
svalla	verb	swe	bølgje	verb	nor
svalla	verb	swe	svelle	verb	nor
svalna	verb	swe	svalne	verb	nor
svamla	verb	swe	svimle	verb	nor
svamla	verb	swe	vase	verb	nor
svamla	verb	swe	vrøvle	verb	nor
svanka	verb	swe	svage	verb	nor
svanka	verb	swe	svaie	verb	nor
svara	verb	swe	reagere	verb	nor
svara	verb	swe	svare	verb	nor
svartlista	verb	swe	svarteliste	verb	nor
svartmåla	verb	swe	svartmale	verb	nor
svartna	verb	swe	svartne	verb	nor
svassa	verb	swe	svanse	verb	nor
svepa	verb	swe	rangle	verb	nor
svepa	verb	swe	reive	verb	nor
svepa	verb	swe	snære	verb	nor
svepa	verb	swe	streife	verb	nor
svepa	verb	swe	sveipe	verb	nor
svepa	verb	swe	svøpe	verb	nor
svepa	verb	swe	vandre	verb	nor
svetsa	verb	swe	sveise	verb	nor
svida	verb	swe	svi	verb	nor
svika	verb	swe	svike	verb	nor
svikta	verb	swe	svikte	verb	nor
svimma	verb	swe	besvime	verb	nor
svindla	verb	swe	svimle	verb	nor
svindla	verb	swe	svimre	verb	nor
svindla	verb	swe	svindle	verb	nor
svinga	verb	swe	svarve	verb	nor
svinga	verb	swe	sveive	verb	nor
svinga	verb	swe	svinge	verb	nor
svinga	verb	swe	svinse	verb	nor
svinga	verb	swe	svive	verb	nor
svinga	verb	swe	veive	verb	nor
svinna	verb	swe	krympe	verb	nor
svinna	verb	swe	svinne	verb	nor
svira	verb	swe	svire	verb	nor
svirra	verb	swe	svirre	verb	nor
svischa	verb	swe	gnaldre	verb	nor
svischa	verb	swe	gneldre	verb	nor
svischa	verb	swe	gnelle	verb	nor
svischa	verb	swe	gnisle	verb	nor
svischa	verb	swe	gniste	verb	nor
svischa	verb	swe	hvine	verb	nor
svischa	verb	swe	kvine	verb	nor
svischa	verb	swe	rine	verb	nor
svälja	verb	swe	jafse	verb	nor
svälja	verb	swe	sluke	verb	nor
svälja	verb	swe	snafse	verb	nor
svälja	verb	swe	svelge	verb	nor
svälja	verb	swe	svelgje	verb	nor
svälla	verb	swe	ese	verb	nor
svälla	verb	swe	svelle	verb	nor
svälla	verb	swe	svulme	verb	nor
svälla	verb	swe	svulne	verb	nor
svälla	verb	swe	trutne	verb	nor
svälta	verb	swe	sulte	verb	nor
svälta	verb	swe	svelte	verb	nor
svänga	verb	swe	svarve	verb	nor
svänga	verb	swe	sveive	verb	nor
svänga	verb	swe	svinge	verb	nor
svänga	verb	swe	svinse	verb	nor
svänga	verb	swe	svive	verb	nor
svänga	verb	swe	veive	verb	nor
svära	verb	swe	banne	verb	nor
svära	verb	swe	sverge	verb	nor
svära	verb	swe	sverje	verb	nor
svärma	verb	swe	sverme	verb	nor
sväva	verb	swe	sveve	verb	nor
sväva	verb	swe	svæve	verb	nor
sy	verb	swe	saume	verb	nor
sy	verb	swe	sy	verb	nor
syfta	verb	swe	sikte	verb	nor
syfta	verb	swe	syfte	verb	nor
sylta	verb	swe	sylte	verb	nor
symbolisera	verb	swe	symbolisere	verb	nor
sympatisera	verb	swe	sympatisere	verb	nor
syna	verb	swe	syne	verb	nor
synda	verb	swe	synde	verb	nor
synka	verb	swe	synkronisere	verb	nor
synkopera	verb	swe	synkopere	verb	nor
synkronisera	verb	swe	synkronisere	verb	nor
synliggöra	verb	swe	synleggjere	verb	nor
synliggöra	verb	swe	synliggjøre	verb	nor
syntetisera	verb	swe	syntetisere	verb	nor
syra	verb	swe	syre	verb	nor
sysselsätta	verb	swe	sysselsetje	verb	nor
sysselsätta	verb	swe	sysselsette	verb	nor
syssla	verb	swe	sysle	verb	nor
syssla med	verb	swe	halde på med	verb	nor
syssla med	verb	swe	holde på med	verb	nor
syssla med	verb	swe	sysle med	verb	nor
systematisera	verb	swe	systematisere	verb	nor
säga	verb	swe	seie	verb	nor
säga	verb	swe	si	verb	nor
säkerställa	verb	swe	forsikre	verb	nor
säkerställa	verb	swe	sikre	verb	nor
säkra	verb	swe	sikre	verb	nor
sälja	verb	swe	høkre	verb	nor
sälja	verb	swe	selge	verb	nor
sälja	verb	swe	selje	verb	nor
sämska	verb	swe	garve	verb	nor
sända	verb	swe	hitsende	verb	nor
sända	verb	swe	sende	verb	nor
sända	verb	swe	skikke	verb	nor
sänka	verb	swe	låre	verb	nor
sänka	verb	swe	lægje	verb	nor
sänka	verb	swe	senke	verb	nor
sänka	verb	swe	setje ned	verb	nor
sänka	verb	swe	søkkje	verb	nor
sära	verb	swe	sprike	verb	nor
särbehandla	verb	swe	spesialbehandle	verb	nor
särbehandla	verb	swe	spesialhandsame	verb	nor
särskilja	verb	swe	skilje	verb	nor
särskilja	verb	swe	skille	verb	nor
sätta	verb	swe	setje	verb	nor
sätta	verb	swe	sette	verb	nor
sätta	verb	swe	stille	verb	nor
sätta på	verb	swe	starte	verb	nor
sätta samman	verb	swe	maksle	verb	nor
sätta samman	verb	swe	samansetje	verb	nor
sätta samman	verb	swe	sammensette	verb	nor
sätta dit	verb	swe	sladre	verb	nor
sätta efter	verb	swe	forfylgje	verb	nor
sätta efter	verb	swe	forfølge	verb	nor
sätta efter	verb	swe	forfølgje	verb	nor
så	verb	swe	så	verb	nor
såga	verb	swe	kubbe	verb	nor
såga	verb	swe	sage	verb	nor
sålla	verb	swe	sile	verb	nor
såpa	verb	swe	såpe	verb	nor
såra	verb	swe	såre	verb	nor
söka	verb	swe	søke	verb	nor
söka	verb	swe	søkje	verb	nor
söla	verb	swe	søle	verb	nor
sömma	verb	swe	saume	verb	nor
sömma	verb	swe	sy	verb	nor
söndra	verb	swe	dele	verb	nor
söndra	verb	swe	skilje	verb	nor
söndra	verb	swe	skille	verb	nor
söndra	verb	swe	splitte	verb	nor
sörja	verb	swe	slabbe	verb	nor
sörja	verb	swe	slafse	verb	nor
sörja	verb	swe	slubbe	verb	nor
sörja	verb	swe	slufse	verb	nor
sörja	verb	swe	sulle	verb	nor
sörja	verb	swe	søle	verb	nor
sörja	verb	swe	sørge	verb	nor
sörja	verb	swe	sørgje	verb	nor
sörpla	verb	swe	slubre	verb	nor
söta	verb	swe	søte	verb	nor
söva	verb	swe	anestesere	verb	nor
söva	verb	swe	bedøve	verb	nor
ta	verb	swe	ta	verb	nor
ta i beslag	verb	swe	beslaglegge	verb	nor
ta i beslag	verb	swe	beslaglegge	verb	nor
ta i beslag	verb	swe	kverrsetje	verb	nor
ta i beslag	verb	swe	kverrsette	verb	nor
tabubelägga	verb	swe	tabubelegge	verb	nor
tacka	verb	swe	takke	verb	nor
tackla	verb	swe	takle	verb	nor
tagga	verb	swe	fare	verb	nor
tagga	verb	swe	gå	verb	nor
tagga	verb	swe	merke	verb	nor
tagga	verb	swe	slå	verb	nor
tagga	verb	swe	tagge	verb	nor
tagga	verb	swe	åke	verb	nor
tajma	verb	swe	time	verb	nor
tala	verb	swe	prate	verb	nor
tala	verb	swe	snakke	verb	nor
tala om för	verb	swe	fortelje	verb	nor
tala om för	verb	swe	fortelle	verb	nor
tampas	verb	swe	slåst	verb	nor
tampas	verb	swe	slåss	verb	nor
tangera	verb	swe	tangere	verb	nor
tanka	verb	swe	tanke	verb	nor
tapetsera	verb	swe	tapetsere	verb	nor
tappa	verb	swe	tape	verb	nor
tappa	verb	swe	tappe	verb	nor
tappa bort	verb	swe	miste	verb	nor
tappa bort	verb	swe	tape	verb	nor
tarva	verb	swe	behøve	verb	nor
tarva	verb	swe	trenge	verb	nor
tarva	verb	swe	trengje	verb	nor
tarva	verb	swe	turve	verb	nor
tassa	verb	swe	liste	verb	nor
tassa	verb	swe	stiltre	verb	nor
tassa	verb	swe	tasse	verb	nor
tatuera	verb	swe	tatovere	verb	nor
taxa	verb	swe	takse	verb	nor
taxera	verb	swe	taksere	verb	nor
teckna	verb	swe	abonnere	verb	nor
teckna	verb	swe	rite	verb	nor
teckna	verb	swe	tegne	verb	nor
teckna	verb	swe	teikne	verb	nor
tejpa	verb	swe	tape	verb	nor
tejpa	verb	swe	teipe	verb	nor
telefonera	verb	swe	ringe	verb	nor
telefonera	verb	swe	telefonere	verb	nor
telegrafera	verb	swe	telegrafere	verb	nor
temperera	verb	swe	temperere	verb	nor
tendera	verb	swe	tendere	verb	nor
teoretisera	verb	swe	teoretisere	verb	nor
terrorisera	verb	swe	terrorisere	verb	nor
testa	verb	swe	teste	verb	nor
testamentera	verb	swe	testamentere	verb	nor
testköra	verb	swe	testkjøre	verb	nor
testköra	verb	swe	testkøyre	verb	nor
texta	verb	swe	tekste	verb	nor
ticka	verb	swe	tikke	verb	nor
tidsbestämma	verb	swe	tidfeste	verb	nor
tidsbestämma	verb	swe	tidsbestemme	verb	nor
tiga	verb	swe	teie	verb	nor
tiga	verb	swe	tie	verb	nor
tigga	verb	swe	gnåle	verb	nor
tigga	verb	swe	tigge	verb	nor
tillaga	verb	swe	forberede	verb	nor
tillaga	verb	swe	førebu	verb	nor
tillaga	verb	swe	gjere	verb	nor
tillaga	verb	swe	gjøre	verb	nor
tillaga	verb	swe	lage	verb	nor
tillaga	verb	swe	lave	verb	nor
tillaga	verb	swe	tilberede	verb	nor
tillbakavisa	verb	swe	gjendrive	verb	nor
tillbakavisa	verb	swe	tilbakevise	verb	nor
tillbe	verb	swe	tilbe	verb	nor
tillbe	verb	swe	tilbede	verb	nor
tilldela	verb	swe	iligne	verb	nor
tilldela	verb	swe	tildele	verb	nor
tilldöma	verb	swe	tildøme	verb	nor
tilldöma	verb	swe	tildømme	verb	nor
tillerkänna	verb	swe	tillegge	verb	nor
tillerkänna	verb	swe	tillegge	verb	nor
tillfalla	verb	swe	falle til	verb	nor
tillfalla	verb	swe	tilfalle	verb	nor
tillfoga	verb	swe	legge til	verb	nor
tillfoga	verb	swe	legge til	verb	nor
tillfredsställa	verb	swe	satisfisere	verb	nor
tillfredsställa	verb	swe	stette	verb	nor
tillfredsställa	verb	swe	tilfredsstille	verb	nor
tillfråga	verb	swe	spørje	verb	nor
tillfråga	verb	swe	spørre	verb	nor
tillföra	verb	swe	tilføre	verb	nor
tillförsäkra	verb	swe	forsikre	verb	nor
tillgodose	verb	swe	tilgodese	verb	nor
tillgodose	verb	swe	tilgodesjå	verb	nor
tillgängliggöra	verb	swe	gjere tilgjengeleg	verb	nor
tillgängliggöra	verb	swe	gjøre tilgjengelig	verb	nor
tillhöra	verb	swe	tilhøre	verb	nor
tillhöra	verb	swe	tilhøyre	verb	nor
tillintetgöra	verb	swe	tilinkjegjere	verb	nor
tillintetgöra	verb	swe	tilintetgjøre	verb	nor
tillkalla	verb	swe	stemne	verb	nor
tillkalla	verb	swe	stevne	verb	nor
tillkalla	verb	swe	tilkalle	verb	nor
tillkomma	verb	swe	tilkomme	verb	nor
tillkännage	verb	swe	kunngjere	verb	nor
tillkännage	verb	swe	kunngjøre	verb	nor
tillmäta	verb	swe	tillegge	verb	nor
tillmäta	verb	swe	tillegge	verb	nor
tillra	verb	swe	trille	verb	nor
tillreda	verb	swe	forberede	verb	nor
tillreda	verb	swe	førebu	verb	nor
tillryggalägga	verb	swe	tilbakelegge	verb	nor
tillryggalägga	verb	swe	tilbakelegge	verb	nor
tillrättalägga	verb	swe	arrangere	verb	nor
tillrättalägga	verb	swe	klarlegge	verb	nor
tillrättavisa	verb	swe	irettesetje	verb	nor
tillrättavisa	verb	swe	irettesette	verb	nor
tillråda	verb	swe	tilrå	verb	nor
tillse	verb	swe	forsikre	verb	nor
tillsluta	verb	swe	lukke	verb	nor
tillsluta	verb	swe	stenge	verb	nor
tillspetsa	verb	swe	spisse til	verb	nor
tillspetsa	verb	swe	tilspisse	verb	nor
tillstunda	verb	swe	forestå	verb	nor
tillstunda	verb	swe	forvalte	verb	nor
tillstunda	verb	swe	komme	verb	nor
tillstyrka	verb	swe	godkjenne	verb	nor
tillstädja	verb	swe	tillate	verb	nor
tillstå	verb	swe	tilstå	verb	nor
tillstöta	verb	swe	tilstøte	verb	nor
tillstöta	verb	swe	tilstøyte	verb	nor
tillsäga	verb	swe	tilseie	verb	nor
tillsäga	verb	swe	tilsi	verb	nor
tillsätta	verb	swe	tilsetje	verb	nor
tillsätta	verb	swe	tilsette	verb	nor
tillta	verb	swe	auke	verb	nor
tillta	verb	swe	tilta	verb	nor
tilltala	verb	swe	tiltale	verb	nor
tilltro	verb	swe	tiltro	verb	nor
tilltro	verb	swe	tiltru	verb	nor
tillträda	verb	swe	tiltre	verb	nor
tilltäppa	verb	swe	tilstoppe	verb	nor
tillvarata	verb	swe	forsvare	verb	nor
tillverka	verb	swe	gjere	verb	nor
tillverka	verb	swe	gjøre	verb	nor
tillverka	verb	swe	lage	verb	nor
tillverka	verb	swe	lave	verb	nor
tillverka	verb	swe	tilverke	verb	nor
tillverka	verb	swe	tilvirke	verb	nor
tillyxa	verb	swe	tilhugge	verb	nor
tillägna	verb	swe	tilegne	verb	nor
tillägna	verb	swe	tileigne	verb	nor
tillämpa	verb	swe	bruke	verb	nor
tillämpa	verb	swe	tillempe	verb	nor
tillåta	verb	swe	tillate	verb	nor
tillönska	verb	swe	ønske	verb	nor
tima	verb	swe	time	verb	nor
timra	verb	swe	tømre	verb	nor
tindra	verb	swe	tindre	verb	nor
tinga	verb	swe	bestille	verb	nor
tiodubbla	verb	swe	tidoble	verb	nor
tippa	verb	swe	satse	verb	nor
tippa	verb	swe	tippe	verb	nor
tippa	verb	swe	vedde	verb	nor
tipsa	verb	swe	tipse	verb	nor
tira	verb	swe	titte	verb	nor
tira	verb	swe	øye	verb	nor
titta på	verb	swe	sjå på	verb	nor
titta på	verb	swe	se på	verb	nor
titta	verb	swe	kikke	verb	nor
titta	verb	swe	titte	verb	nor
titulera	verb	swe	title	verb	nor
titulera	verb	swe	titulere	verb	nor
tjacka	verb	swe	kjøpe	verb	nor
tjafsa	verb	swe	tjafse	verb	nor
tjafsa	verb	swe	vase	verb	nor
tjafsa	verb	swe	vrøvle	verb	nor
tjalla	verb	swe	sladre	verb	nor
tjata	verb	swe	mase	verb	nor
tjura	verb	swe	furte	verb	nor
tjura	verb	swe	mule	verb	nor
tjura	verb	swe	sture	verb	nor
tjura	verb	swe	surmule	verb	nor
tjusa	verb	swe	fortrolle	verb	nor
tjusa	verb	swe	fortrylle	verb	nor
tjusa	verb	swe	kogle	verb	nor
tjuta	verb	swe	tute	verb	nor
tjuva	verb	swe	knabbe	verb	nor
tjuva	verb	swe	kvarte	verb	nor
tjuva	verb	swe	orge	verb	nor
tjuva	verb	swe	stele	verb	nor
tjuva	verb	swe	stjele	verb	nor
tjuva	verb	swe	tjuve	verb	nor
tjuvfiska	verb	swe	tjuvfiske	verb	nor
tjuvfiska	verb	swe	tyvfiske	verb	nor
tjuvhålla	verb	swe	halde tilbake	verb	nor
tjuvhålla	verb	swe	tilbakeholde	verb	nor
tjuvstarta	verb	swe	tjuvstarte	verb	nor
tjuvstarta	verb	swe	tyvstarte	verb	nor
tjäna	verb	swe	tene	verb	nor
tjäna	verb	swe	tjene	verb	nor
tjära	verb	swe	tjære	verb	nor
tjära	verb	swe	tjærebre	verb	nor
tjära	verb	swe	tjørebrede	verb	nor
toffla	verb	swe	tøfle	verb	nor
tolerera	verb	swe	tolerere	verb	nor
tolka	verb	swe	tolke	verb	nor
tona	verb	swe	lyde	verb	nor
tona	verb	swe	lyte	verb	nor
tona	verb	swe	låte	verb	nor
tona	verb	swe	tone	verb	nor
tona ner	verb	swe	nedtone	verb	nor
tonsätta	verb	swe	tonesetje	verb	nor
tonsätta	verb	swe	tonesette	verb	nor
tonsätta	verb	swe	tonsette	verb	nor
toppa	verb	swe	toppe	verb	nor
topprida	verb	swe	hundse	verb	nor
torka	verb	swe	bokne	verb	nor
torka	verb	swe	tørke	verb	nor
torka	verb	swe	tørre	verb	nor
torna	verb	swe	ruve	verb	nor
torna	verb	swe	tårne	verb	nor
torpedera	verb	swe	torpedere	verb	nor
torrlägga	verb	swe	tørrlegge	verb	nor
torrlägga	verb	swe	tørrlegge	verb	nor
tortera	verb	swe	torturere	verb	nor
totalhaverera	verb	swe	totalhavarere	verb	nor
trafikera	verb	swe	trafikkere	verb	nor
traggla	verb	swe	plage	verb	nor
trakassera	verb	swe	trakassere	verb	nor
trakta	verb	swe	trakte	verb	nor
traktera	verb	swe	behandle	verb	nor
traktera	verb	swe	handsame	verb	nor
traktera	verb	swe	traktere	verb	nor
tralla	verb	swe	tralle	verb	nor
trampa	verb	swe	klampe	verb	nor
trampa	verb	swe	slampe	verb	nor
trampa	verb	swe	trampe	verb	nor
trampa	verb	swe	tråkke	verb	nor
tranchera	verb	swe	tranchere	verb	nor
tranchera	verb	swe	transjere	verb	nor
transferera	verb	swe	transferere	verb	nor
transformera	verb	swe	transformere	verb	nor
transitera	verb	swe	transittere	verb	nor
transkribera	verb	swe	transkribere	verb	nor
transmittera	verb	swe	transmittere	verb	nor
transpirera	verb	swe	sveitte	verb	nor
transpirera	verb	swe	svette	verb	nor
transpirera	verb	swe	transpirere	verb	nor
transplantera	verb	swe	transplantere	verb	nor
transponera	verb	swe	transponere	verb	nor
transportera	verb	swe	transportere	verb	nor
trappa upp	verb	swe	eskalere	verb	nor
trasa	verb	swe	stumpe	verb	nor
traska	verb	swe	labbe	verb	nor
traska	verb	swe	trabelere	verb	nor
traska	verb	swe	traske	verb	nor
traumatisera	verb	swe	traumatisere	verb	nor
trava	verb	swe	pale	verb	nor
trava	verb	swe	trave	verb	nor
travestera	verb	swe	travestere	verb	nor
tredubbla	verb	swe	tredoble	verb	nor
trefaldiga	verb	swe	tredoble	verb	nor
treva	verb	swe	famle	verb	nor
treva	verb	swe	fomle	verb	nor
treva	verb	swe	fomme	verb	nor
treva	verb	swe	stomle	verb	nor
treva	verb	swe	trivle	verb	nor
tricksa	verb	swe	trikse	verb	nor
trilla	verb	swe	trille	verb	nor
trimma	verb	swe	trimme	verb	nor
trippa	verb	swe	dalte	verb	nor
trippa	verb	swe	trippe	verb	nor
triumfera	verb	swe	triumfere	verb	nor
trivas	adjective	swe	trive	adjective	nor
trivialisera	verb	swe	trivialisere	verb	nor
trixa	verb	swe	trikse	verb	nor
tro	verb	swe	meine	verb	nor
tro	verb	swe	mene	verb	nor
tro	verb	swe	tro	verb	nor
tro	verb	swe	tru	verb	nor
trolla	verb	swe	trolle	verb	nor
trolla	verb	swe	trylle	verb	nor
trollbinda	verb	swe	trollbinde	verb	nor
trona	verb	swe	trone	verb	nor
trotsa	verb	swe	trasse	verb	nor
trotsa	verb	swe	trosse	verb	nor
truga	verb	swe	true	verb	nor
trula	verb	swe	furte	verb	nor
trula	verb	swe	mule	verb	nor
trula	verb	swe	sture	verb	nor
trula	verb	swe	surmule	verb	nor
trumfa	verb	swe	dikte	verb	nor
trumfa	verb	swe	trumfe	verb	nor
trumla	verb	swe	tromle	verb	nor
trycka	verb	swe	trykke	verb	nor
trycka	verb	swe	trykke	verb	nor
trycka på	verb	swe	påverke	verb	nor
trycka på	verb	swe	påvirke	verb	nor
tryckimpregnera	verb	swe	trykkimpregnere	verb	nor
trygga	verb	swe	sikre	verb	nor
trygga	verb	swe	trygge	verb	nor
trä	verb	swe	tre	verb	nor
trä	verb	swe	trå	verb	nor
trä	verb	swe	træde	verb	nor
trä	verb	swe	trø	verb	nor
träcka	verb	swe	bæsje	verb	nor
träcka	verb	swe	drite	verb	nor
träcka	verb	swe	skite	verb	nor
träcka	verb	swe	trekke	verb	nor
träcka	verb	swe	trekke	verb	nor
träcka	verb	swe	træ	verb	nor
träda	verb	swe	tre	verb	nor
träffa	verb	swe	ramme	verb	nor
träffa	verb	swe	råke	verb	nor
träffa	verb	swe	treffe	verb	nor
träffas	verb	swe	møtes	verb	nor
träla	verb	swe	slave	verb	nor
träna	verb	swe	kurse	verb	nor
träna	verb	swe	trene	verb	nor
tränga	verb	swe	trenge	verb	nor
trängas	verb	swe	trenges	verb	nor
träta	verb	swe	stri	verb	nor
träta	verb	swe	stride	verb	nor
träta	verb	swe	trette	verb	nor
tråckla	verb	swe	tråkle	verb	nor
tråka	verb	swe	bore	verb	nor
tråla	verb	swe	tråle	verb	nor
tråna	verb	swe	fyse	verb	nor
tråna	verb	swe	hipe	verb	nor
tråna	verb	swe	lengte	verb	nor
tråna	verb	swe	stunde	verb	nor
tröska	verb	swe	traske	verb	nor
trösta	verb	swe	trøste	verb	nor
trösta	verb	swe	trøyste	verb	nor
tröttna	verb	swe	keike	verb	nor
tröttna	verb	swe	trette	verb	nor
tröttna	verb	swe	trøtne	verb	nor
tröttna	verb	swe	trøtte	verb	nor
tudela	verb	swe	halvere	verb	nor
tuffa	verb	swe	tøffe	verb	nor
tugga	verb	swe	tygge	verb	nor
tukta	verb	swe	tukte	verb	nor
tumla	verb	swe	base	verb	nor
tumla	verb	swe	boltre seg	verb	nor
tumla	verb	swe	tumle	verb	nor
tunna	verb	swe	tynne	verb	nor
tupera	verb	swe	tupere	verb	nor
turnera	verb	swe	turnere	verb	nor
tuta	verb	swe	tute	verb	nor
tutta på	verb	swe	nøre	verb	nor
tutta på	verb	swe	snu	verb	nor
tveka	verb	swe	nøle	verb	nor
tveka	verb	swe	tøve	verb	nor
tvinga	verb	swe	tvinge	verb	nor
tvinna	verb	swe	tvinne	verb	nor
tvista	verb	swe	kjekle	verb	nor
tvista	verb	swe	krangle	verb	nor
tvista	verb	swe	tviste	verb	nor
tvivla	verb	swe	tvile	verb	nor
tvärstanna	verb	swe	tverrstoppe	verb	nor
tvärvända	verb	swe	bråvende	verb	nor
tvätta	verb	swe	lauge	verb	nor
tvätta	verb	swe	tvette	verb	nor
tvätta	verb	swe	vaske	verb	nor
tvåla in	verb	swe	såpe	verb	nor
tvångsförflytta	verb	swe	tvangsforflytte	verb	nor
tycka	verb	swe	meine	verb	nor
tycka	verb	swe	mene	verb	nor
tycka om	verb	swe	like	verb	nor
tycka om	verb	swe	vere glad i	verb	nor
tycka om	verb	swe	være glad i	verb	nor
tyda	verb	swe	tyde	verb	nor
tyda	verb	swe	tyte	verb	nor
tydliggöra	verb	swe	klargjere	verb	nor
tydliggöra	verb	swe	klargjøre	verb	nor
tygla	verb	swe	tøyle	verb	nor
tygla	verb	swe	tøyme	verb	nor
tynga	verb	swe	tynge	verb	nor
tynga	verb	swe	veie	verb	nor
typifiera	verb	swe	typifisere	verb	nor
tyrannisera	verb	swe	hardstyre	verb	nor
tyrannisera	verb	swe	tyrannisere	verb	nor
tystna	verb	swe	teie	verb	nor
tystna	verb	swe	tie	verb	nor
tystna	verb	swe	tystne	verb	nor
täcka	verb	swe	dekke	verb	nor
täcka	verb	swe	dekkje	verb	nor
tälja	verb	swe	snitte	verb	nor
tämja	verb	swe	temme	verb	nor
tända	verb	swe	nøre	verb	nor
tända	verb	swe	snu	verb	nor
tända	verb	swe	tenne	verb	nor
tänja	verb	swe	rembe	verb	nor
tänja	verb	swe	strekke	verb	nor
tänja	verb	swe	strekke	verb	nor
tänka	verb	swe	tenke	verb	nor
tänka	verb	swe	tenke	verb	nor
tära	verb	swe	tære	verb	nor
täta	verb	swe	tette	verb	nor
tätna	verb	swe	tetne	verb	nor
tävla	verb	swe	konkurrere	verb	nor
tävla	verb	swe	tevle	verb	nor
tåga	verb	swe	toge	verb	nor
tåla	verb	swe	tole	verb	nor
tåla	verb	swe	tolerere	verb	nor
tåla	verb	swe	tåle	verb	nor
töa	verb	swe	smelte	verb	nor
töa	verb	swe	tø	verb	nor
töja	verb	swe	rembe	verb	nor
töja	verb	swe	strekke	verb	nor
töja	verb	swe	strekke	verb	nor
töja	verb	swe	tøye	verb	nor
tömma	verb	swe	tøme	verb	nor
tömma	verb	swe	tømme	verb	nor
törna	verb	swe	tørne	verb	nor
törsta	verb	swe	tørste	verb	nor
umbära	verb	swe	unnvere	verb	nor
umbära	verb	swe	unnvære	verb	nor
umgälla	verb	swe	unngjelde	verb	nor
umgås	verb	swe	omgåast	verb	nor
umgås	verb	swe	omgås	verb	nor
undangömma	verb	swe	gøyme bort	verb	nor
undangömma	verb	swe	gjemme bort	verb	nor
undanhålla	verb	swe	fjerne	verb	nor
undanskymma	verb	swe	løyne	verb	nor
undanskymma	verb	swe	skjule	verb	nor
undanta	verb	swe	sjå bort frå	verb	nor
undanta	verb	swe	sjå bort frå	verb	nor
undanta	verb	swe	unnta	verb	nor
underbetala	verb	swe	underbetale	verb	nor
underbygga	verb	swe	underbygge	verb	nor
underdimensionera	verb	swe	underdimensjonere	verb	nor
underdriva	verb	swe	underdrive	verb	nor
underexponera	verb	swe	undereksponere	verb	nor
underförstå	verb	swe	underforstå	verb	nor
undergräva	verb	swe	undergrave	verb	nor
underhandla	verb	swe	akkedere	verb	nor
underhandla	verb	swe	forhandle	verb	nor
underkasta	verb	swe	underkaste	verb	nor
underkuva	verb	swe	underkue	verb	nor
underkuva	verb	swe	undertrykke	verb	nor
underkänna	verb	swe	underkjenne	verb	nor
underlätta	verb	swe	lette	verb	nor
underlåta	verb	swe	la	verb	nor
underminera	verb	swe	underminere	verb	nor
underordna	verb	swe	underordne	verb	nor
underrätta	verb	swe	informere	verb	nor
underrätta	verb	swe	underrette	verb	nor
underrätta	verb	swe	varsle	verb	nor
underskatta	verb	swe	undervurdere	verb	nor
underslå	verb	swe	underslå	verb	nor
understryka	verb	swe	understreke	verb	nor
understödja	verb	swe	støtte	verb	nor
understödja	verb	swe	understøtte	verb	nor
undersöka	verb	swe	undersøke	verb	nor
underteckna	verb	swe	underskrive	verb	nor
underteckna	verb	swe	undertegne	verb	nor
underteckna	verb	swe	underteikne	verb	nor
undertrycka	verb	swe	undertrykke	verb	nor
undertrycka	verb	swe	undertrykke	verb	nor
undervisa	verb	swe	undervise	verb	nor
undervärdera	verb	swe	undervurdere	verb	nor
undfalla	verb	swe	sleppe unna	verb	nor
undfalla	verb	swe	unnsleppe	verb	nor
undfalla	verb	swe	unnslippe	verb	nor
undfly	verb	swe	flykte	verb	nor
undfägna	verb	swe	beverte	verb	nor
undgå	verb	swe	unngå	verb	nor
undkomma	verb	swe	flykte	verb	nor
undra	verb	swe	undre	verb	nor
undskylla	verb	swe	unnskylde	verb	nor
undskylla	verb	swe	unnskylde	verb	nor
undslippa	verb	swe	sleppe unna	verb	nor
undslippa	verb	swe	unnsleppe	verb	nor
undsätta	verb	swe	unnsetje	verb	nor
undsätta	verb	swe	unnsette	verb	nor
undvara	verb	swe	unnvere	verb	nor
undvara	verb	swe	unnvære	verb	nor
undvika	verb	swe	eludere	verb	nor
undvika	verb	swe	unngå	verb	nor
undvika	verb	swe	unnvike	verb	nor
undvika	verb	swe	vike unna	verb	nor
uniformera	verb	swe	uniformere	verb	nor
unna	verb	swe	unne	verb	nor
upparbeta	verb	swe	behandle	verb	nor
upparbeta	verb	swe	handsame	verb	nor
upparbeta	verb	swe	opparbeide	verb	nor
uppbjuda	verb	swe	innby	verb	nor
uppbjuda	verb	swe	invitere	verb	nor
uppbära	verb	swe	innsamle	verb	nor
uppbåda	verb	swe	mønstre	verb	nor
uppdaga	verb	swe	oppdage	verb	nor
uppdatera	verb	swe	oppdatere	verb	nor
uppdela	verb	swe	avdele	verb	nor
uppdela	verb	swe	oppdele	verb	nor
uppdra	verb	swe	oppdra	verb	nor
uppdriva	verb	swe	oppdrive	verb	nor
uppehålla	verb	swe	opphalde	verb	nor
uppehålla	verb	swe	oppholde	verb	nor
uppenbara	verb	swe	openbare	verb	nor
uppenbara	verb	swe	openberre	verb	nor
uppenbara	verb	swe	åpenbare	verb	nor
uppfatta	verb	swe	fatte	verb	nor
uppfatta	verb	swe	forstå	verb	nor
uppfatta	verb	swe	oppfatte	verb	nor
uppfinna	verb	swe	oppfinne	verb	nor
uppfordra	verb	swe	oppfordre	verb	nor
uppfostra	verb	swe	oppdra	verb	nor
uppfostra	verb	swe	oppfostre	verb	nor
uppfylla	verb	swe	oppfylle	verb	nor
uppfånga	verb	swe	fange	verb	nor
uppföda	verb	swe	oppfostre	verb	nor
uppföra	verb	swe	oppføre	verb	nor
uppge	verb	swe	oppgi	verb	nor
uppge	verb	swe	oppgje	verb	nor
uppgradera	verb	swe	oppgradere	verb	nor
uppgradera	verb	swe	videreutdanne	verb	nor
upphandla	verb	swe	oppkjøpe	verb	nor
upphandla	verb	swe	skaffe	verb	nor
upphetsa	verb	swe	hisse opp	verb	nor
upphetsa	verb	swe	opphisse	verb	nor
upphäva	verb	swe	oppheve	verb	nor
upphöja	verb	swe	heve	verb	nor
upphöja	verb	swe	høgde	verb	nor
upphöja	verb	swe	opphøgje	verb	nor
upphöja	verb	swe	opphøye	verb	nor
upphöra	verb	swe	opphøre	verb	nor
upphöra	verb	swe	opphøyre	verb	nor
uppkalla	verb	swe	oppkalle	verb	nor
uppklara	verb	swe	løse	verb	nor
uppklara	verb	swe	løyse	verb	nor
uppklara	verb	swe	oppklare	verb	nor
uppleva	verb	swe	oppleve	verb	nor
upplysa	verb	swe	opplyse	verb	nor
uppläsa	verb	swe	opplese	verb	nor
upplösa	verb	swe	oppløse	verb	nor
upplösa	verb	swe	oppløyse	verb	nor
uppmana	verb	swe	oppfordre	verb	nor
uppmana	verb	swe	oppmane	verb	nor
uppmuntra	verb	swe	oppmuntre	verb	nor
uppmäta	verb	swe	måle	verb	nor
uppnå	verb	swe	oppnå	verb	nor
uppodla	verb	swe	dyrke	verb	nor
uppoffra	verb	swe	ofre	verb	nor
upprepa	verb	swe	gjenta	verb	nor
uppresa	verb	swe	oppreise	verb	nor
upprätta	verb	swe	nyskipe	verb	nor
upprätta	verb	swe	opprette	verb	nor
upprätthålla	verb	swe	halde ved like	verb	nor
upprätthålla	verb	swe	oppretthalde	verb	nor
upprätthålla	verb	swe	opprettholde	verb	nor
upprätthålla	verb	swe	vedlikeholde	verb	nor
uppröra	verb	swe	opprøre	verb	nor
uppskatta	verb	swe	anslå	verb	nor
uppskatta	verb	swe	bedøme	verb	nor
uppskatta	verb	swe	bedømme	verb	nor
uppskatta	verb	swe	setje pris på	verb	nor
uppskatta	verb	swe	sette pris på	verb	nor
uppskatta	verb	swe	verdsetje	verb	nor
uppskatta	verb	swe	verdsette	verb	nor
uppskjuta	verb	swe	utsetje	verb	nor
uppskjuta	verb	swe	utsette	verb	nor
uppsluka	verb	swe	jafse	verb	nor
uppsluka	verb	swe	oppsluke	verb	nor
uppsluka	verb	swe	sluke	verb	nor
uppsluka	verb	swe	snafse	verb	nor
uppspåra	verb	swe	spore	verb	nor
uppstämma	verb	swe	istemme	verb	nor
uppstå	verb	swe	oppstå	verb	nor
uppstå	verb	swe	stå opp	verb	nor
uppsöka	verb	swe	oppsøke	verb	nor
uppsöka	verb	swe	oppsøkje	verb	nor
uppta	verb	swe	oppta	verb	nor
upptrappa	verb	swe	eskalere	verb	nor
uppträda	verb	swe	opptre	verb	nor
upptäcka	verb	swe	oppdage	verb	nor
upptända	verb	swe	kveike	verb	nor
uppvakta	verb	swe	besøke	verb	nor
uppvakta	verb	swe	vitje	verb	nor
uppvigla	verb	swe	oppvigle	verb	nor
uppvisa	verb	swe	demonstrere	verb	nor
uppvisa	verb	swe	framvise	verb	nor
uppvisa	verb	swe	fremvise	verb	nor
uppvisa	verb	swe	kjekke	verb	nor
uppvisa	verb	swe	oppe	verb	nor
uppvisa	verb	swe	oppvise	verb	nor
uppvisa	verb	swe	vise	verb	nor
uppväga	verb	swe	kompensere	verb	nor
uppvärdera	verb	swe	oppgradere	verb	nor
uppvärdera	verb	swe	oppvurdere	verb	nor
uppväxa	verb	swe	oppvekse	verb	nor
uppväxa	verb	swe	oppvokse	verb	nor
urarta	verb	swe	utarte	verb	nor
urbanisera	verb	swe	urbanisere	verb	nor
urholka	verb	swe	erodere	verb	nor
urholka	verb	swe	hole	verb	nor
urholka	verb	swe	uthule	verb	nor
urinera	verb	swe	urinere	verb	nor
urskilja	verb	swe	skilje	verb	nor
urskilja	verb	swe	skille	verb	nor
urskilja	verb	swe	skjelne	verb	nor
ursäkta	verb	swe	unnskylde	verb	nor
ursäkta	verb	swe	unnskylde	verb	nor
uruppföra	verb	swe	urframføre	verb	nor
uruppföra	verb	swe	urfremføre	verb	nor
uruppföra	verb	swe	uroppføre	verb	nor
usurpera	verb	swe	usurpere	verb	nor
utarbeta	verb	swe	utarbeide	verb	nor
utbasunera	verb	swe	understreke	verb	nor
utbasunera	verb	swe	utbasunere	verb	nor
utbetala	verb	swe	utbetale	verb	nor
utbilda	verb	swe	utdanne	verb	nor
utblotta	verb	swe	utblotte	verb	nor
utbre	verb	swe	utbre	verb	nor
utbre	verb	swe	utbreie	verb	nor
utbrodera	verb	swe	fiffe	verb	nor
utbrodera	verb	swe	pynte	verb	nor
utbrodera	verb	swe	stase	verb	nor
utbryta	verb	swe	utbryte	verb	nor
utbyta	verb	swe	skifte ut	verb	nor
utbyta	verb	swe	utbyte	verb	nor
utbyta	verb	swe	utbytte	verb	nor
utdela	verb	swe	dele ut	verb	nor
utdela	verb	swe	distribuere	verb	nor
utdela	verb	swe	utdele	verb	nor
utdöma	verb	swe	bedøme	verb	nor
utdöma	verb	swe	bedømme	verb	nor
utdöma	verb	swe	døme	verb	nor
utdöma	verb	swe	dømme	verb	nor
utelämna	verb	swe	utelate	verb	nor
utesluta	verb	swe	stenge ute	verb	nor
utesluta	verb	swe	utelukke	verb	nor
utestänga	verb	swe	utestenge	verb	nor
utexaminera	verb	swe	uteksaminere	verb	nor
utfodra	verb	swe	fôre	verb	nor
utfodra	verb	swe	gjø	verb	nor
utfodra	verb	swe	gjøde	verb	nor
utfodra	verb	swe	gøy	verb	nor
utfordra	verb	swe	fôre	verb	nor
utforma	verb	swe	utforme	verb	nor
utforska	verb	swe	utforske	verb	nor
utfylla	verb	swe	utfylle	verb	nor
utfärda	verb	swe	forberede	verb	nor
utfärda	verb	swe	førebu	verb	nor
utfärda	verb	swe	utarbeide	verb	nor
utfärda	verb	swe	utferde	verb	nor
utföra	verb	swe	utføre	verb	nor
utge	verb	swe	sleppe	verb	nor
utge	verb	swe	utgi	verb	nor
utge	verb	swe	utgje	verb	nor
utgå	verb	swe	begynne	verb	nor
utgå	verb	swe	byrje	verb	nor
utgå	verb	swe	forutsette	verb	nor
utgå	verb	swe	føresetje	verb	nor
utgå	verb	swe	gå ut	verb	nor
utgå	verb	swe	starte	verb	nor
utgöra	verb	swe	utgjere	verb	nor
utgöra	verb	swe	utgjøre	verb	nor
utjämna	verb	swe	jamne ut	verb	nor
utjämna	verb	swe	utjevne	verb	nor
utjämna	verb	swe	utligne	verb	nor
utjämna	verb	swe	utlikne	verb	nor
utklassa	verb	swe	utklasse	verb	nor
utkomma	verb	swe	komme ut	verb	nor
utkomma	verb	swe	utkomme	verb	nor
utkomma	verb	swe	utkomme	verb	nor
utkonkurrera	verb	swe	utkonkurrere	verb	nor
utkristallisera	verb	swe	utkrystallisere	verb	nor
utkräva	verb	swe	kreve	verb	nor
utkräva	verb	swe	krevje	verb	nor
utkämpa	verb	swe	utkjempe	verb	nor
utlokalisera	verb	swe	flytte	verb	nor
utlysa	verb	swe	kunngjere	verb	nor
utlysa	verb	swe	utlyse	verb	nor
utlägga	verb	swe	utlegge	verb	nor
utlägga	verb	swe	utlegge	verb	nor
utlämna	verb	swe	utlevere	verb	nor
utläsa	verb	swe	utlese	verb	nor
utlåna	verb	swe	utlåne	verb	nor
utlöpa	verb	swe	gå ut	verb	nor
utlöpa	verb	swe	utløpe	verb	nor
utlösa	verb	swe	utløse	verb	nor
utlösa	verb	swe	utløyse	verb	nor
utmana	verb	swe	utfordre	verb	nor
utmanövrera	verb	swe	utmanøvrere	verb	nor
utmatta	verb	swe	utmatte	verb	nor
utmejsla	verb	swe	hamre ut	verb	nor
utmärka	verb	swe	merke	verb	nor
utmärka	verb	swe	utmerke	verb	nor
utmäta	verb	swe	utmåle	verb	nor
utmåla	verb	swe	skildre	verb	nor
utmåla	verb	swe	utmale	verb	nor
utmåla	verb	swe	utmåle	verb	nor
utmönstra	verb	swe	kassere	verb	nor
utnyttja	verb	swe	eksploatere	verb	nor
utnyttja	verb	swe	utnytte	verb	nor
utnämna	verb	swe	oppnemne	verb	nor
utnämna	verb	swe	oppnevne	verb	nor
utnämna	verb	swe	utnemne	verb	nor
utnämna	verb	swe	utnevne	verb	nor
utpeka	verb	swe	utpeike	verb	nor
utpeka	verb	swe	utpeke	verb	nor
utplacera	verb	swe	utplassere	verb	nor
utplåna	verb	swe	utradere	verb	nor
utplåna	verb	swe	utrydde	verb	nor
utprova	verb	swe	utprøve	verb	nor
utradera	verb	swe	utrydde	verb	nor
utrangera	verb	swe	utrangere	verb	nor
utreda	verb	swe	greie ut	verb	nor
utreda	verb	swe	undersøke	verb	nor
utreda	verb	swe	utrede	verb	nor
utropa	verb	swe	eksklamere	verb	nor
utropa	verb	swe	utrope	verb	nor
utrota	verb	swe	utrydde	verb	nor
utrusta	verb	swe	utruste	verb	nor
uträtta	verb	swe	utrette	verb	nor
utse	verb	swe	utsjå	verb	nor
utse	verb	swe	utse	verb	nor
utsira	verb	swe	utsmykke	verb	nor
utslunga	verb	swe	slynge ut	verb	nor
utsläcka	verb	swe	slokne	verb	nor
utsläcka	verb	swe	slukke	verb	nor
utsläcka	verb	swe	slukne	verb	nor
utsläcka	verb	swe	sløkke	verb	nor
utsläta	verb	swe	utslette	verb	nor
utsmycka	verb	swe	utsmykke	verb	nor
utspisa	verb	swe	bespise	verb	nor
utspisa	verb	swe	fôre	verb	nor
utsträcka	verb	swe	utvide	verb	nor
utstråla	verb	swe	utstråle	verb	nor
utställa	verb	swe	utskrive	verb	nor
utställa	verb	swe	utstede	verb	nor
utstå	verb	swe	utstå	verb	nor
utstöta	verb	swe	støte ut	verb	nor
utstöta	verb	swe	støyte ut	verb	nor
utstöta	verb	swe	utstøte	verb	nor
utstöta	verb	swe	utstøyte	verb	nor
utsäga	verb	swe	forutsi	verb	nor
utsäga	verb	swe	føreseie	verb	nor
utsända	verb	swe	kringkaste	verb	nor
utsända	verb	swe	sende ut	verb	nor
utsända	verb	swe	utsende	verb	nor
utsätta	verb	swe	fastsetje	verb	nor
utsätta	verb	swe	fastsette	verb	nor
utsätta	verb	swe	setje fast	verb	nor
utsätta	verb	swe	utsetje	verb	nor
utsätta	verb	swe	utsette	verb	nor
utsöka	verb	swe	søke ut	verb	nor
utsöka	verb	swe	søkje ut	verb	nor
uttala	verb	swe	uttale	verb	nor
uttolka	verb	swe	eksegere	verb	nor
uttolka	verb	swe	fortolke	verb	nor
uttolka	verb	swe	tolke	verb	nor
uttrycka	verb	swe	målføre	verb	nor
uttrycka	verb	swe	ordlegge	verb	nor
uttrycka	verb	swe	ordlegge	verb	nor
uttrycka	verb	swe	uttrykke	verb	nor
uttrycka	verb	swe	uttrykke	verb	nor
uttyda	verb	swe	uttyde	verb	nor
uttömma	verb	swe	uttømme	verb	nor
utvandra	verb	swe	utvandre	verb	nor
utveckla	verb	swe	utvikle	verb	nor
utverka	verb	swe	oppnå	verb	nor
utverka	verb	swe	skaffe	verb	nor
utvidga	verb	swe	utvide	verb	nor
utvidga	verb	swe	vide	verb	nor
utvisa	verb	swe	kjekke	verb	nor
utvisa	verb	swe	oppe	verb	nor
utvisa	verb	swe	utvise	verb	nor
utvisa	verb	swe	vise	verb	nor
utvälja	verb	swe	elle	verb	nor
utvärdera	verb	swe	evaluere	verb	nor
utvärdera	verb	swe	vurdere	verb	nor
utväxla	verb	swe	utveksle	verb	nor
utöka	verb	swe	utvide	verb	nor
utöka	verb	swe	utøve	verb	nor
utöka	verb	swe	vide	verb	nor
utöva	verb	swe	utøve	verb	nor
vaccinera	verb	swe	vaksinere	verb	nor
vackla	verb	swe	rakle	verb	nor
vackla	verb	swe	rugle	verb	nor
vackla	verb	swe	sjangle	verb	nor
vackla	verb	swe	vakle	verb	nor
vackla	verb	swe	vingle	verb	nor
vada	verb	swe	vade	verb	nor
vada	verb	swe	vasse	verb	nor
vaddera	verb	swe	vattere	verb	nor
vagga	verb	swe	rugge	verb	nor
vagga	verb	swe	rulte	verb	nor
vagga	verb	swe	vagge	verb	nor
vagga	verb	swe	vogge	verb	nor
vagga	verb	swe	vugge	verb	nor
vaja	verb	swe	vaie	verb	nor
vaka	verb	swe	overvake	verb	nor
vaka	verb	swe	overvåke	verb	nor
vakna	verb	swe	vakne	verb	nor
vakna	verb	swe	våkne	verb	nor
vakta	verb	swe	are	verb	nor
vakta	verb	swe	høve	verb	nor
vakta	verb	swe	passe	verb	nor
vakta	verb	swe	vakte	verb	nor
vakta	verb	swe	vare	verb	nor
valla	verb	swe	smøre	verb	nor
valsa	verb	swe	valse	verb	nor
vandalisera	verb	swe	vandalisere	verb	nor
vandra	verb	swe	vandre	verb	nor
vanhedra	verb	swe	vanære	verb	nor
vanhelga	verb	swe	vanhelge	verb	nor
vanhelga	verb	swe	vanhellige	verb	nor
vanka	verb	swe	fare	verb	nor
vanka	verb	swe	gå	verb	nor
vanka	verb	swe	åke	verb	nor
vankas	adjective	swe	vanke	adjective	nor
vansköta	verb	swe	vanrøkte	verb	nor
vanställa	verb	swe	skjemme	verb	nor
vantolka	verb	swe	feiltolke	verb	nor
vanvårda	verb	swe	vanrøkte	verb	nor
vanära	verb	swe	vanære	verb	nor
varda	verb	swe	bli	verb	nor
variera	verb	swe	variere	verb	nor
varmröka	verb	swe	varmrøke	verb	nor
varmröka	verb	swe	varmrøyke	verb	nor
varmröka	verb	swe	varmrøyke	verb	nor
varna	verb	swe	advare	verb	nor
varna	verb	swe	åtvare	verb	nor
varpa	verb	swe	varpe	verb	nor
varsko	verb	swe	advare	verb	nor
varsko	verb	swe	varsku	verb	nor
varsko	verb	swe	åtvare	verb	nor
varsla	verb	swe	forutsi	verb	nor
varsla	verb	swe	føreseie	verb	nor
varsla	verb	swe	varsle	verb	nor
vaska	verb	swe	lauge	verb	nor
vaska	verb	swe	vaske	verb	nor
vattenkamma	verb	swe	vannkjemme	verb	nor
vattenkamma	verb	swe	vasskjemme	verb	nor
vattna	verb	swe	dusje	verb	nor
vattna	verb	swe	vande	verb	nor
vattna	verb	swe	vanne	verb	nor
vattna	verb	swe	vatne	verb	nor
vattna ur	verb	swe	utvanne	verb	nor
vattna ur	verb	swe	vatne ut	verb	nor
vaxa	verb	swe	auke	verb	nor
vaxa	verb	swe	vekse	verb	nor
vaxa	verb	swe	vokse	verb	nor
vecka	verb	swe	folde	verb	nor
vecka	verb	swe	kaste	verb	nor
vecka	verb	swe	skrukke	verb	nor
vecka	verb	swe	vekke	verb	nor
veckla	verb	swe	linde	verb	nor
veckla	verb	swe	vikle	verb	nor
vederböra	verb	swe	vedkomme	verb	nor
vederböra	verb	swe	vedkomme	verb	nor
vedergälla	verb	swe	gjengjelde	verb	nor
vederlägga	verb	swe	tilbakevise	verb	nor
vegetera	verb	swe	vegetere	verb	nor
ventilera	verb	swe	lufte	verb	nor
ventilera	verb	swe	ventilere	verb	nor
verbalisera	verb	swe	verbalisere	verb	nor
verifiera	verb	swe	bekrefte	verb	nor
verifiera	verb	swe	stadfeste	verb	nor
verifiera	verb	swe	verifisere	verb	nor
verka	verb	swe	arbeide	verb	nor
verka	verb	swe	jobbe	verb	nor
verka	verb	swe	monne	verb	nor
verka	verb	swe	verke	verb	nor
verka	verb	swe	virke	verb	nor
verkställa	verb	swe	iverksetje	verb	nor
verkställa	verb	swe	iverksette	verb	nor
verkställa	verb	swe	setje i verk	verb	nor
verkställa	verb	swe	setje i verk	verb	nor
veta	verb	swe	vete	verb	nor
veta	verb	swe	vite	verb	nor
vetenskapa	verb	swe	forske	verb	nor
veva	verb	swe	vinne	verb	nor
vibrera	verb	swe	vibrere	verb	nor
vidarebefordra	verb	swe	vidaresende	verb	nor
vidarebefordra	verb	swe	videresende	verb	nor
vidareutveckla	verb	swe	vidareutvikle	verb	nor
vidareutveckla	verb	swe	videreutvikle	verb	nor
vidga	verb	swe	utvide	verb	nor
vidga	verb	swe	vide	verb	nor
vidgå	verb	swe	vedgå	verb	nor
vidhålla	verb	swe	halde ved like	verb	nor
vidhålla	verb	swe	inherere	verb	nor
vidhålla	verb	swe	vedlikeholde	verb	nor
vidimera	verb	swe	vitne	verb	nor
vidkomma	verb	swe	vedkomme	verb	nor
vidkomma	verb	swe	vedkomme	verb	nor
vidkännas	adjective	swe	utstå	adjective	nor
vidmakthålla	verb	swe	halde ved like	verb	nor
vidmakthålla	verb	swe	vedlikeholde	verb	nor
vidröra	verb	swe	omhandle	verb	nor
vidröra	verb	swe	vedrøre	verb	nor
vidta	verb	swe	vedta	verb	nor
vidta	verb	swe	vedtake	verb	nor
vifta	verb	swe	veifte	verb	nor
vifta	verb	swe	vifte	verb	nor
vifta	verb	swe	vinke	verb	nor
viga	verb	swe	brette	verb	nor
viga	verb	swe	vie	verb	nor
viga	verb	swe	vigsle	verb	nor
vika	verb	swe	blø	verb	nor
vika	verb	swe	bløde	verb	nor
vika	verb	swe	folde	verb	nor
vika	verb	swe	kaste	verb	nor
vika	verb	swe	skrukke	verb	nor
vika	verb	swe	vekte	verb	nor
vika	verb	swe	vike	verb	nor
vikariera	verb	swe	vikariere	verb	nor
vila	verb	swe	hvile	verb	nor
vila	verb	swe	kvile	verb	nor
vila	verb	swe	raste	verb	nor
vila	verb	swe	økte	verb	nor
villfara	verb	swe	møte	verb	nor
vilseföra	verb	swe	lure	verb	nor
vilseföra	verb	swe	vill-leie	verb	nor
vilseföra	verb	swe	villede	verb	nor
vilseföra	verb	swe	villeie	verb	nor
vilseleda	verb	swe	vill-leie	verb	nor
vilseleda	verb	swe	villede	verb	nor
vilseleda	verb	swe	villeie	verb	nor
vimla	verb	swe	vrimle	verb	nor
vimsa	verb	swe	vimre	verb	nor
vimsa	verb	swe	vimse	verb	nor
vina	verb	swe	gnaldre	verb	nor
vina	verb	swe	gneldre	verb	nor
vina	verb	swe	gnelle	verb	nor
vina	verb	swe	gnisle	verb	nor
vina	verb	swe	gniste	verb	nor
vina	verb	swe	hvine	verb	nor
vina	verb	swe	kvine	verb	nor
vina	verb	swe	rine	verb	nor
vinda	verb	swe	vinne	verb	nor
vindsurfa	verb	swe	surfe	verb	nor
vingla	verb	swe	dangle	verb	nor
vingla	verb	swe	dingle	verb	nor
vingla	verb	swe	vingle	verb	nor
vinka	verb	swe	vinke	verb	nor
vinkla	verb	swe	vinkle	verb	nor
vinna	verb	swe	seire	verb	nor
vinna	verb	swe	sigre	verb	nor
vinna	verb	swe	vinne	verb	nor
vinscha	verb	swe	heise	verb	nor
vinscha	verb	swe	løfte	verb	nor
vippa	verb	swe	duske	verb	nor
vippa	verb	swe	kippe	verb	nor
vippa	verb	swe	vippe	verb	nor
vira	verb	swe	vinne	verb	nor
virka	verb	swe	hekle	verb	nor
virka	verb	swe	verke	verb	nor
virka	verb	swe	virke	verb	nor
virvla	verb	swe	hurre	verb	nor
virvla	verb	swe	kverve	verb	nor
virvla	verb	swe	kvervle	verb	nor
virvla	verb	swe	røre	verb	nor
virvla	verb	swe	virvle	verb	nor
visa	verb	swe	kjekke	verb	nor
visa	verb	swe	oppe	verb	nor
visa	verb	swe	vise	verb	nor
visitera	verb	swe	visitere	verb	nor
viska	verb	swe	hviske	verb	nor
viska	verb	swe	kviskre	verb	nor
viska	verb	swe	kviskre	verb	nor
viska	verb	swe	viske	verb	nor
vispa	verb	swe	kakstryke	verb	nor
vispa	verb	swe	piske	verb	nor
vispa	verb	swe	vispe	verb	nor
vissla	verb	swe	fløyte	verb	nor
vissla	verb	swe	plystre	verb	nor
vissna	verb	swe	visne	verb	nor
vistas	adjective	swe	bo	adjective	nor
vistas	adjective	swe	bu	adjective	nor
visualisera	verb	swe	visualisere	verb	nor
vitalisera	verb	swe	vitalisere	verb	nor
vitaminera	verb	swe	vitaminisere	verb	nor
vitkalka	verb	swe	kalke	verb	nor
vitmena	verb	swe	kalke	verb	nor
vittna	verb	swe	vitne	verb	nor
vittra	verb	swe	forvitre	verb	nor
votera	verb	swe	stemme	verb	nor
vraka	verb	swe	vrake	verb	nor
vricka	verb	swe	forstue	verb	nor
vricka	verb	swe	forstuve	verb	nor
vrida	verb	swe	kinke	verb	nor
vrida	verb	swe	kinkse	verb	nor
vrida	verb	swe	luksere	verb	nor
vrida	verb	swe	vri	verb	nor
vrida	verb	swe	vride	verb	nor
vrida	verb	swe	vringle	verb	nor
vräka	verb	swe	vrake	verb	nor
vränga	verb	swe	forvrenge	verb	nor
vränga	verb	swe	synkverve	verb	nor
vränga	verb	swe	vrenge	verb	nor
vråla	verb	swe	remje	verb	nor
vråla	verb	swe	vræle	verb	nor
vrövla	verb	swe	vase	verb	nor
vrövla	verb	swe	vrøvle	verb	nor
vulgarisera	verb	swe	vulgarisere	verb	nor
vulka	verb	swe	vulkanisere	verb	nor
vulka	verb	swe	vulke	verb	nor
vulkanisera	verb	swe	vulkanisere	verb	nor
vulkanisera	verb	swe	vulke	verb	nor
vurpa	verb	swe	hølje	verb	nor
vurpa	verb	swe	styrte	verb	nor
väcka	verb	swe	dumme	verb	nor
väcka	verb	swe	vekke	verb	nor
vädja	verb	swe	anke	verb	nor
vädra	verb	swe	lufte	verb	nor
väga	verb	swe	vege	verb	nor
väga	verb	swe	veie	verb	nor
väga upp	verb	swe	kompensere	verb	nor
vägleda	verb	swe	rettlede	verb	nor
vägleda	verb	swe	rettleie	verb	nor
vägleda	verb	swe	veilede	verb	nor
vägra	verb	swe	vegre	verb	nor
välja	verb	swe	single	verb	nor
välja	verb	swe	velge	verb	nor
välja	verb	swe	velje	verb	nor
välkomna	verb	swe	ønske velkommen	verb	nor
välla	verb	swe	velle	verb	nor
välsigna	verb	swe	velsigne	verb	nor
välta	verb	swe	tromle	verb	nor
välta	verb	swe	velte	verb	nor
vältra	verb	swe	velte	verb	nor
välva	verb	swe	kvelve	verb	nor
vända	verb	swe	kå	verb	nor
vända	verb	swe	snu	verb	nor
vända	verb	swe	vende	verb	nor
vänja	verb	swe	venne	verb	nor
vänslas	adjective	swe	kjæle	adjective	nor
vänslas	adjective	swe	kjærtegne	adjective	nor
vänslas	adjective	swe	kjærteikne	adjective	nor
vänta	verb	swe	bie	verb	nor
vänta	verb	swe	vente	verb	nor
väpna	verb	swe	væpne	verb	nor
värdera	verb	swe	vurdere	verb	nor
värdesätta	verb	swe	verdsetje	verb	nor
värdesätta	verb	swe	verdsette	verb	nor
värdesätta	verb	swe	vurdere	verb	nor
värdigas	adjective	swe	verdige	adjective	nor
värka	verb	swe	smerte	verb	nor
värka	verb	swe	verke	verb	nor
värma	verb	swe	lune	verb	nor
värma	verb	swe	oppvarme	verb	nor
värma	verb	swe	varme	verb	nor
värma	verb	swe	verme	verb	nor
värmeisolera	verb	swe	varmeisolere	verb	nor
värna	verb	swe	fendre	verb	nor
värna	verb	swe	verne	verb	nor
värpa	verb	swe	verpe	verb	nor
värva	verb	swe	rekruttere	verb	nor
värva	verb	swe	verve	verb	nor
väsa	verb	swe	hvese	verb	nor
väsa	verb	swe	kvese	verb	nor
väsnas	adjective	swe	braske	adjective	nor
väsnas	adjective	swe	bråke	adjective	nor
väsnas	adjective	swe	dønne	adjective	nor
väsnas	adjective	swe	gny	adjective	nor
väsnas	adjective	swe	larme	adjective	nor
väsnas	adjective	swe	slamre	adjective	nor
vässa	verb	swe	heine	verb	nor
vässa	verb	swe	kvesse	verb	nor
vässa	verb	swe	kvetje	verb	nor
väta	verb	swe	væte	verb	nor
vätska	verb	swe	væske	verb	nor
väva	verb	swe	veve	verb	nor
växa	verb	swe	auke	verb	nor
växa	verb	swe	vekse	verb	nor
växa	verb	swe	vokse	verb	nor
växla	verb	swe	skifte	verb	nor
växla	verb	swe	veksle	verb	nor
våga	verb	swe	sjanse	verb	nor
våga	verb	swe	tore¹	verb	nor
våga	verb	swe	tørre	verb	nor
våga	verb	swe	vake	verb	nor
våga	verb	swe	våge	verb	nor
våga	verb	swe	våke	verb	nor
våldgästa	verb	swe	heimsøke	verb	nor
våldgästa	verb	swe	heimsøkje	verb	nor
våldgästa	verb	swe	hjemsøke	verb	nor
våldta	verb	swe	voldta	verb	nor
vålla	verb	swe	forårsake	verb	nor
vålla	verb	swe	påføre	verb	nor
vålla	verb	swe	valde	verb	nor
vålla	verb	swe	volde	verb	nor
vårda	verb	swe	pleie	verb	nor
vörda	verb	swe	ære	verb	nor
yla	verb	swe	hyle	verb	nor
yla	verb	swe	tute	verb	nor
ympa	verb	swe	pode	verb	nor
yngla	verb	swe	yngle	verb	nor
yppa	verb	swe	formidle	verb	nor
yppa	verb	swe	røpe	verb	nor
yppa	verb	swe	yppe	verb	nor
yra	verb	swe	yre	verb	nor
yrka	verb	swe	kreve	verb	nor
yrka	verb	swe	krevje	verb	nor
yrka	verb	swe	yrke	verb	nor
yttra	verb	swe	ytre	verb	nor
yxa till	verb	swe	hogge	verb	nor
yxa till	verb	swe	hugge	verb	nor
yxa till	verb	swe	kjakse	verb	nor
yxa till	verb	swe	kolle	verb	nor
yxa till	verb	swe	snaue	verb	nor
zooma	verb	swe	zoome	verb	nor
äga	verb	swe	eie	verb	nor
äga	verb	swe	eige	verb	nor
äga rum	verb	swe	hende	verb	nor
äga rum	verb	swe	skje	verb	nor
äga rum	verb	swe	forekomme	verb	nor
ägna	verb	swe	egne	verb	nor
ägna	verb	swe	eigne	verb	nor
ägna	verb	swe	vie	verb	nor
ägna	verb	swe	vigsle	verb	nor
äkta	verb	swe	ekte	verb	nor
älska	verb	swe	elske	verb	nor
älta	verb	swe	elte	verb	nor
älta	verb	swe	kamse	verb	nor
älta	verb	swe	kna	verb	nor
älta	verb	swe	kumle	verb	nor
ämna	verb	swe	akte	verb	nor
ända	verb	swe	ende	verb	nor
ändra	verb	swe	endre	verb	nor
ängsla	verb	swe	engste	verb	nor
äntra	verb	swe	entre	verb	nor
ära	verb	swe	ære	verb	nor
ärekränka	verb	swe	ærekrenke	verb	nor
ärga	verb	swe	eire	verb	nor
ärga	verb	swe	irre	verb	nor
ärva	verb	swe	arve	verb	nor
ärva	verb	swe	erve	verb	nor
äska	verb	swe	forlange	verb	nor
äta	verb	swe	ete	verb	nor
äta	verb	swe	spise	verb	nor
åberopa	verb	swe	vise til	verb	nor
åberopa	verb	swe	henvise til	verb	nor
åderlåta	verb	swe	årelate	verb	nor
ådöma	verb	swe	idøme	verb	nor
ådöma	verb	swe	idømme	verb	nor
åka	verb	swe	kjøre	verb	nor
åka	verb	swe	køyre	verb	nor
åka	verb	swe	ta	verb	nor
åka	verb	swe	åke	verb	nor
åkalla	verb	swe	påkalle	verb	nor
åla	verb	swe	sno	verb	nor
åla	verb	swe	snoe	verb	nor
åla	verb	swe	åle	verb	nor
åldersdiskriminera	verb	swe	aldersdiskriminere	verb	nor
ålägga	verb	swe	pålegge	verb	nor
ålägga	verb	swe	pålegge	verb	nor
ånga	verb	swe	dabbe	verb	nor
ånga	verb	swe	dampe	verb	nor
ånga	verb	swe	gove	verb	nor
ångkoka	verb	swe	dampkoke	verb	nor
ångra	verb	swe	angre	verb	nor
ångra	verb	swe	beklage	verb	nor
ångra	verb	swe	okke	verb	nor
ångra	verb	swe	uffe	verb	nor
åsamka	verb	swe	forårsake	verb	nor
åsamka	verb	swe	påføre	verb	nor
åsidosätta	verb	swe	tilsidesetje	verb	nor
åsidosätta	verb	swe	tilsidesette	verb	nor
åska	verb	swe	tordne	verb	nor
åska	verb	swe	tore	verb	nor
åskådliggöra	verb	swe	illustrere	verb	nor
åstadkomma	verb	swe	forårsake	verb	nor
åstadkomma	verb	swe	utføre	verb	nor
åtala	verb	swe	anklage	verb	nor
åtala	verb	swe	påtale	verb	nor
åtala	verb	swe	skylde	verb	nor
återanvända	verb	swe	gjenbruke	verb	nor
återberätta	verb	swe	gje att	verb	nor
återberätta	verb	swe	gjenfortelle	verb	nor
återbetala	verb	swe	tilbakebetale	verb	nor
återfinna	verb	swe	finne igjen	verb	nor
återfinna	verb	swe	gjenfinne	verb	nor
återföra	verb	swe	returnere	verb	nor
återge	verb	swe	attgje	verb	nor
återge	verb	swe	gjengi	verb	nor
återgälda	verb	swe	gjengjelde	verb	nor
återhämta	verb	swe	komme seg	verb	nor
återhämta	verb	swe	komme seg	verb	nor
återinföra	verb	swe	gjeninnføre	verb	nor
återinföra	verb	swe	gjeninnsetje	verb	nor
återinföra	verb	swe	gjeninnsette	verb	nor
återinföra	verb	swe	ta	verb	nor
återinsätta	verb	swe	gjeninnsetje	verb	nor
återinsätta	verb	swe	gjeninnsette	verb	nor
återinvestera	verb	swe	reinvestere	verb	nor
återkalla	verb	swe	tilbakekalle	verb	nor
återknyta	verb	swe	fortsetje	verb	nor
återknyta	verb	swe	fortsette	verb	nor
återknyta	verb	swe	halde fram	verb	nor
återkomma	verb	swe	returnere	verb	nor
återse	verb	swe	gjense	verb	nor
återse	verb	swe	gjensjå	verb	nor
återskapa	verb	swe	gjenskape	verb	nor
återspegla	verb	swe	gjenspegle	verb	nor
återspegla	verb	swe	gjenspeile	verb	nor
återspegla	verb	swe	reflektere	verb	nor
återställa	verb	swe	gjenopprette	verb	nor
återställa	verb	swe	rette opp igjen	verb	nor
återsända	verb	swe	tilbakesende	verb	nor
återuppföra	verb	swe	gjenoppføre	verb	nor
återuppleva	verb	swe	gjenoppleve	verb	nor
återuppliva	verb	swe	gjenopplive	verb	nor
återupprepa	verb	swe	gjenta	verb	nor
återupprätta	verb	swe	gjenopprette	verb	nor
återupprätta	verb	swe	rette opp igjen	verb	nor
återupprätta	verb	swe	rette opp igjen	verb	nor
återuppstå	verb	swe	gjenoppstå	verb	nor
återuppstå	verb	swe	stå opp igjen	verb	nor
återuppta	verb	swe	fortsetje	verb	nor
återuppta	verb	swe	fortsette	verb	nor
återuppta	verb	swe	halde fram	verb	nor
återupptäcka	verb	swe	gjenoppdage	verb	nor
återvända	verb	swe	vende tilbake	verb	nor
åtfölja	verb	swe	vedlegge	verb	nor
åtfölja	verb	swe	vedlegge	verb	nor
åtgärda	verb	swe	greie	verb	nor
åtgärda	verb	swe	klare	verb	nor
åtgärda	verb	swe	kremte	verb	nor
åtgärda	verb	swe	reparere	verb	nor
åtgärda	verb	swe	rette	verb	nor
åtgärda	verb	swe	røkje	verb	nor
åtlyda	verb	swe	adlyde	verb	nor
åtlyda	verb	swe	lyde	verb	nor
åtnjuta	verb	swe	nyte	verb	nor
åtskilja	verb	swe	separere	verb	nor
åvila	verb	swe	kvile på	verb	nor
åvila	verb	swe	påhvile	verb	nor
åvila	verb	swe	påkvile	verb	nor
öda	verb	swe	skusle	verb	nor
öda	verb	swe	skutle	verb	nor
öda	verb	swe	ødsle	verb	nor
öda	verb	swe	øydsle	verb	nor
ödelägga	verb	swe	herpesere	verb	nor
ödelägga	verb	swe	ødelegge	verb	nor
ödelägga	verb	swe	øydelegge	verb	nor
ödsla	verb	swe	sløse	verb	nor
ögna	verb	swe	titte	verb	nor
öka	verb	swe	auke	verb	nor
öka	verb	swe	øke	verb	nor
ömka	verb	swe	ynke	verb	nor
ömsa	verb	swe	skifte	verb	nor
önska	verb	swe	ønske	verb	nor
öppna	verb	swe	opne	verb	nor
öppna	verb	swe	åpne	verb	nor
öronmärka	verb	swe	øremerke	verb	nor
ösa	verb	swe	ause	verb	nor
ösa	verb	swe	floe	verb	nor
ösa	verb	swe	øse	verb	nor
ösregna	verb	swe	fossregne	verb	nor
ösregna	verb	swe	siregne	verb	nor
ösregna	verb	swe	sprutregne	verb	nor
ösregna	verb	swe	stridregne	verb	nor
ösregna	verb	swe	striregne	verb	nor
ösregna	verb	swe	yre	verb	nor
öva	verb	swe	øve	verb	nor
överanstränga	verb	swe	forskreve	verb	nor
överanstränga	verb	swe	overanstrenge	verb	nor
överantvarda	verb	swe	overrekke	verb	nor
överbelasta	verb	swe	overbelaste	verb	nor
överbevisa	verb	swe	overbevise	verb	nor
överbevisa	verb	swe	overtyde	verb	nor
överbringa	verb	swe	overbringe	verb	nor
överbringa	verb	swe	overrekke	verb	nor
överdebitera	verb	swe	overdebitere	verb	nor
överdimensionera	verb	swe	overdimensjonere	verb	nor
överdriva	verb	swe	overdrive	verb	nor
överensstämma	verb	swe	korrespondere	verb	nor
överexponera	verb	swe	overeksponere	verb	nor
överfalla	verb	swe	overfalle	verb	nor
överflytta	verb	swe	overføre	verb	nor
överföra	verb	swe	girere	verb	nor
överföra	verb	swe	overføre	verb	nor
överge	verb	swe	forlate	verb	nor
övergå	verb	swe	overgå	verb	nor
övergöda	verb	swe	feite	verb	nor
övergöda	verb	swe	fete	verb	nor
överhopa	verb	swe	overlesse	verb	nor
överklaga	verb	swe	anke	verb	nor
överkompensera	verb	swe	overkompensere	verb	nor
överlappa	verb	swe	overlappe	verb	nor
överlasta	verb	swe	overlaste	verb	nor
överleva	verb	swe	overleve	verb	nor
överlista	verb	swe	overliste	verb	nor
överlägga	verb	swe	områ	verb	nor
överlägga	verb	swe	overlegge	verb	nor
överlägga	verb	swe	overlegge	verb	nor
överlägga	verb	swe	overveie	verb	nor
överlägga	verb	swe	vurdere	verb	nor
överlämna	verb	swe	overgi	verb	nor
överlämna	verb	swe	overgje	verb	nor
överlämna	verb	swe	overrekke	verb	nor
överlåta	verb	swe	overdra	verb	nor
överlåta	verb	swe	overlate	verb	nor
övermanna	verb	swe	overmanne	verb	nor
övernatta	verb	swe	overnatte	verb	nor
överordna	verb	swe	overordne	verb	nor
överpröva	verb	swe	overprøve	verb	nor
överraska	verb	swe	overraske	verb	nor
överreagera	verb	swe	overreagere	verb	nor
överrumpla	verb	swe	overraske	verb	nor
överrumpla	verb	swe	overrumple	verb	nor
överräcka	verb	swe	overrekke	verb	nor
överse	verb	swe	inspisere	verb	nor
överse	verb	swe	overse	verb	nor
överse	verb	swe	oversjå	verb	nor
överskatta	verb	swe	overvurdere	verb	nor
överskrida	verb	swe	overskride	verb	nor
överskugga	verb	swe	overskygge	verb	nor
överskygga	verb	swe	beskytte	verb	nor
överskygga	verb	swe	verne	verb	nor
överskåda	verb	swe	overskue	verb	nor
överskåda	verb	swe	sjå ut over	verb	nor
överstiga	verb	swe	overstige	verb	nor
översvämma	verb	swe	oversvømme	verb	nor
översvämma	verb	swe	oversymje	verb	nor
översända	verb	swe	oversende	verb	nor
översätta	verb	swe	omsetje	verb	nor
översätta	verb	swe	oversette	verb	nor
översätta	verb	swe	setje om	verb	nor
översålla	verb	swe	drysse	verb	nor
översålla	verb	swe	nøle	verb	nor
översålla	verb	swe	ry	verb	nor
överta	verb	swe	overta	verb	nor
övertala	verb	swe	overtale	verb	nor
övertrassera	verb	swe	overtrekke	verb	nor
övertrassera	verb	swe	overtrekke	verb	nor
överträda	verb	swe	bryte	verb	nor
överträda	verb	swe	overskride	verb	nor
överträda	verb	swe	overtre	verb	nor
överträffa	verb	swe	overgå	verb	nor
övertyga	verb	swe	overbevise	verb	nor
övertyga	verb	swe	overtyde	verb	nor
övertäcka	verb	swe	overdekke	verb	nor
övervaka	verb	swe	overvake	verb	nor
övervaka	verb	swe	overvåke	verb	nor
övervinna	verb	swe	danke	verb	nor
övervinna	verb	swe	overvinne	verb	nor
övervintra	verb	swe	overvintre	verb	nor
övervintra	verb	swe	perennere	verb	nor
överväga	verb	swe	områ	verb	nor
överväga	verb	swe	overveie	verb	nor
överväga	verb	swe	vurdere	verb	nor
överväldiga	verb	swe	overvelde	verb	nor
övervärdera	verb	swe	overvurdere	verb	nor
överösa	verb	swe	overause	verb	nor
överösa	verb	swe	overøse	verb	nor
övningsköra	verb	swe	lærekøyre	verb	nor
övningsköra	verb	swe	øvelseskjøre	verb	nor
förefinnas	verb	swe	finnast	verb	nor
annullera	verb	swe	annullere	verb	nor
anordna	verb	swe	anordne	verb	nor
ansamla	verb	swe	samle	verb	nor
ansamla	verb	swe	akkumulere	verb	nor
ansluta	verb	swe	kople	verb	nor
anspela	verb	swe	henspille	verb	nor
anstifta	verb	swe	anstifte	verb	nor
anstå	verb	swe	passe	verb	nor
anstå	verb	swe	søme	verb	nor
anstå	verb	swe	anstå	verb	nor
antasta	verb	swe	antaste	verb	nor
arrendera	verb	swe	leige	verb	nor
arrendera	verb	swe	leie	verb	nor
avböja	verb	swe	bøye	verb	nor
avböja	verb	swe	avbøye	verb	nor
avfatta	verb	swe	avfatte	verb	nor
avfolka	verb	swe	avfolke	verb	nor
avfolka	verb	swe	avbefolke	verb	nor
avge	verb	swe	avgje	verb	nor
avge	verb	swe	avgi	verb	nor
avkräva	verb	swe	krevje	verb	nor
avkräva	verb	swe	avkreve	verb	nor
avlida	verb	swe	gå bort	verb	nor
avluta	verb	swe	avlute	verb	nor
avlöna	verb	swe	godtgjere	verb	nor
avlöna	verb	swe	betale	verb	nor
avlöna	verb	swe	avlønne	verb	nor
avlöpa	verb	swe	hende	verb	nor
avlöpa	verb	swe	forekomme	verb	nor
avnjuta	verb	swe	nyte	verb	nor
avrusta	verb	swe	nedruste	verb	nor
avrusta	verb	swe	avruste	verb	nor
avskeda	verb	swe	seie opp	verb	nor
avskeda	verb	swe	avskjedige	verb	nor
avskriva	verb	swe	nedskrive	verb	nor
avskriva	verb	swe	avskrive	verb	nor
avskriva	verb	swe	skrive av	verb	nor
avsomna	verb	swe	sovne inn	verb	nor
avsvärja	verb	swe	avsverge	verb	nor
avtvinga	verb	swe	avtvinge	verb	nor
avvakta	verb	swe	avvente	verb	nor
avvänja	verb	swe	avvenne	verb	nor
bedröva	verb	swe	bedrøve	verb	nor
bedyra	verb	swe	bedyre	verb	nor
befordra	verb	swe	befordre	verb	nor
befrakta	verb	swe	befrakte	verb	nor
bejubla	verb	swe	bejuble	verb	nor
bekantgöra	verb	swe	bekjentgjøre	verb	nor
beklä	verb	swe	bekle	verb	nor
bekomma	verb	swe	bekomme	verb	nor
bemyndiga	verb	swe	bemyndige	verb	nor
berättiga	verb	swe	berettige	verb	nor
besiktiga	verb	swe	besiktige	verb	nor
besjunga	verb	swe	besynge	verb	nor
beskjuta	verb	swe	beskyte	verb	nor
besmitta	verb	swe	besmitte	verb	nor
bespara	verb	swe	bespare	verb	nor
bestjäla	verb	swe	bestjele	verb	nor
bestorma	verb	swe	bestorme	verb	nor
bestyrka	verb	swe	bestyrke	verb	nor
besvära	verb	swe	besvære	verb	nor
besvärja	verb	swe	besverge	verb	nor
betinga	verb	swe	betinge	verb	nor
betvinga	verb	swe	betvinge	verb	nor
beväpna	verb	swe	bevæpne	verb	nor
bistå	verb	swe	bistå	verb	nor
bogsera	verb	swe	bogsere	verb	nor
bortfalla	verb	swe	bortfalle	verb	nor
efterapa	verb	swe	etterape	verb	nor
efterfråga	verb	swe	etterspørre	verb	nor
efterfölja	verb	swe	etterfølge	verb	nor
eftersträva	verb	swe	etterstrebe	verb	nor
efterträda	verb	swe	etterfølge	verb	nor
feltolka	verb	swe	feiltolke	verb	nor
fingranska	verb	swe	fingranske	verb	nor
fjärma	verb	swe	fremmedgjøre	verb	nor
flerdubbla	verb	swe	flerdoble	verb	nor
formge	verb	swe	formgi	verb	nor
framgå	verb	swe	framgå	verb	nor
framkasta	verb	swe	framkaste	verb	nor
framtvinga	verb	swe	framtvinge	verb	nor
frångå	verb	swe	fragå	verb	nor
frånkänna	verb	swe	frakjenne	verb	nor
frånträda	verb	swe	fratre	verb	nor
föranstalta	verb	swe	foranstalte	verb	nor
förbittra	verb	swe	forbitre	verb	nor
förbrödra	verb	swe	forbrødre	verb	nor
förbyta	verb	swe	forbytte	verb	nor
fördunkla	verb	swe	fordunkle	verb	nor
föreställa	verb	swe	forestille	verb	nor
föresväva	verb	swe	foresveve	verb	nor
förkroppsliga	verb	swe	legemliggjøre	verb	nor
förleda	verb	swe	forlede	verb	nor
förmoda	verb	swe	formode	verb	nor
förordna	verb	swe	forordne	verb	nor
förskona	verb	swe	forskåne	verb	nor
förskriva	verb	swe	foreskrive	verb	nor
förtiga	verb	swe	fortie	verb	nor
föröva	verb	swe	forøve	verb	nor
gestalta	verb	swe	gestalte	verb	nor
hemfalla	verb	swe	henfalle	verb	nor
hemlighålla	verb	swe	hemmeligholde	verb	nor
hungerstrejka	verb	swe	sultestreike	verb	nor
hänföra	verb	swe	henføre	verb	nor
härleda	verb	swe	utlede	verb	nor
inbilla	verb	swe	forestille	verb	nor
inblanda	verb	swe	innblande	verb	nor
inbringa	verb	swe	innbringe	verb	nor
indriva	verb	swe	inndrive	verb	nor
infoga	verb	swe	innføye	verb	nor
inhägna	verb	swe	innhegne	verb	nor
inhösta	verb	swe	innhøste	verb	nor
injaga	verb	swe	innjage	verb	nor
inkapsla	verb	swe	innkapsle	verb	nor
innesluta	verb	swe	inneslutte	verb	nor
inrama	verb	swe	innramme	verb	nor
inreda	verb	swe	innrede	verb	nor
inringa	verb	swe	innringe	verb	nor
inräkna	verb	swe	innregne	verb	nor
inskjuta	verb	swe	innskyte	verb	nor
inspela	verb	swe	innspille	verb	nor
instifta	verb	swe	innstifte	verb	nor
inteckna	verb	swe	inntegne	verb	nor
invänta	verb	swe	avvente	verb	nor
inöva	verb	swe	innøve	verb	nor
kabla	verb	swe	kable	verb	nor
kohandla	verb	swe	hestehandle	verb	nor
kortsluta	verb	swe	kortslutte	verb	nor
kullkasta	verb	swe	kullkaste	verb	nor
lagföra	verb	swe	straffeforfølge	verb	nor
levandegöra	verb	swe	levendegjøre	verb	nor
marginalisera	verb	swe	marginalisere	verb	nor
missköta	verb	swe	feilbehandle	verb	nor
misstolka	verb	swe	feiltolke	verb	nor
motsäga	verb	swe	motsi	verb	nor
nedbryta	verb	swe	nedbryte	verb	nor
nedgräva	verb	swe	nedgrave	verb	nor
nedkalla	verb	swe	nedkalle	verb	nor
nedkomma	verb	swe	nedkomme	verb	nor
nedrusta	verb	swe	nedruste	verb	nor
nollställa	verb	swe	nullstille	verb	nor
nydana	verb	swe	nydanne	verb	nor
omdana	verb	swe	omdanne	verb	nor
omgärda	verb	swe	omgjerde	verb	nor
omräkna	verb	swe	omregne	verb	nor
omskära	verb	swe	omskjære	verb	nor
omstörta	verb	swe	omstyrte	verb	nor
omvandla	verb	swe	omvandle	verb	nor
pulsa	verb	swe	va	verb	nor
pågå	verb	swe	pågå	verb	nor
påta	verb	swe	påta	verb	nor
påträffa	verb	swe	påtreffe	verb	nor
påtvinga	verb	swe	påtvinge	verb	nor
rodna	verb	swe	rødne	verb	nor
rådfråga	verb	swe	rådspørre	verb	nor
sammanbinda	verb	swe	sammenbinde	verb	nor
sammanblanda	verb	swe	sammenblande	verb	nor
sammanfalla	verb	swe	sammenfalle	verb	nor
sammanfoga	verb	swe	sammenføye	verb	nor
sammankalla	verb	swe	sammenkalle	verb	nor
sammankoppla	verb	swe	sammenkoble	verb	nor
sammanslå	verb	swe	sammenslå	verb	nor
sammansmälta	verb	swe	sammensmelte	verb	nor
sekretessbelägga	verb	swe	hemmeligholde	verb	nor
skända	verb	swe	skjende	verb	nor
slutbehandla	verb	swe	sluttbehandle	verb	nor
snegla	verb	swe	snegle	verb	nor
tidsbegränsa	verb	swe	tidsbegrense	verb	nor
tillaga	verb	swe	tillage	verb	nor
tillgå	verb	swe	tilgå	verb	nor
tillskynda	verb	swe	tilskynde	verb	nor
tjänstgöra	verb	swe	tjenestegjøre	verb	nor
totalförbjuda	verb	swe	totalforby	verb	nor
undergå	verb	swe	undergå	verb	nor
undfly	verb	swe	unnslippe	verb	nor
undkomma	verb	swe	unnkomme	verb	nor
undslippa	verb	swe	unnslippe	verb	nor
uppbringa	verb	swe	oppbringe	verb	nor
uppbygga	verb	swe	oppbygge	verb	nor
uppfånga	verb	swe	oppfange	verb	nor
upphetta	verb	swe	oppvarme	verb	nor
uppliva	verb	swe	opplive	verb	nor
uppmjuka	verb	swe	oppmyke	verb	nor
uppoffra	verb	swe	oppofre	verb	nor
upprusta	verb	swe	oppruste	verb	nor
uppteckna	verb	swe	opptegne	verb	nor
upptrappa	verb	swe	opptrappe	verb	nor
uppväcka	verb	swe	oppvekke	verb	nor
uppväga	verb	swe	oppveie	verb	nor
utebli	verb	swe	utebli	verb	nor
utfråga	verb	swe	utspørre	verb	nor
utgjuta	verb	swe	utgyte	verb	nor
uthärda	verb	swe	utholde	verb	nor
utkasta	verb	swe	utkaste	verb	nor
utlova	verb	swe	utlove	verb	nor
utmönstra	verb	swe	utmønstre	verb	nor
utplundra	verb	swe	utplyndre	verb	nor
utpressa	verb	swe	utpresse	verb	nor
utrymma	verb	swe	fraflytte	verb	nor
utsuga	verb	swe	utsuge	verb	nor
utsöndra	verb	swe	utsondre	verb	nor
utvinna	verb	swe	utvinne	verb	nor
utvälja	verb	swe	utvelge	verb	nor
vada	verb	swe	va	verb	nor
vidareutbilda	verb	swe	videreutdanne	verb	nor
vikta	verb	swe	vekte	verb	nor
vingklippa	verb	swe	vengeklippe	verb	nor
vingklippa	verb	swe	vingeklippe	verb	nor
värja	verb	swe	verge	verb	nor
värmebehandla	verb	swe	varmebehandle	verb	nor
återerövra	verb	swe	gjenerobre	verb	nor
återförena	verb	swe	gjenforene	verb	nor
återstå	verb	swe	gjenstå	verb	nor
återta	verb	swe	gjenoppta	verb	nor
återuppbygga	verb	swe	gjenoppbygge	verb	nor
återuppta	verb	swe	gjenoppta	verb	nor
återuppväcka	verb	swe	gjenoppvekke	verb	nor
återvinna	verb	swe	gjenvinne	verb	nor
överarbeta	verb	swe	overarbeide	verb	nor
överbeskydda	verb	swe	overbeskytte	verb	nor
överbetona	verb	swe	overbetone	verb	nor
överbjuda	verb	swe	overby	verb	nor
överboka	verb	swe	overbooke	verb	nor
fodra	verb	swe	fôre	verb	nor
fingera	verb	swe	fingere	verb	nor
bocka	verb	swe	bukke	verb	nor
förespegla	verb	swe	førespegle	verb	nor
förespegla	verb	swe	forespeile	verb	nor
inverka	verb	swe	innverke	verb	nor
inverka	verb	swe	innvirke	verb	nor
lamslå	verb	swe	lamslå	verb	nor
nära	verb	swe	nære	verb	nor
rå	verb	swe	rå	verb	nor
specificera	verb	swe	spesifisere	verb	nor
destabilisera	verb	swe	destabilisere	verb	nor
förgifta	verb	swe	forgifte	verb	nor
nej	interjection	swe	nei	interjection	nor
ja	interjection	swe	ja	interjection	nor
jo	interjection	swe	jo	interjection	nor
lycka till	interjection	swe	gratulerer	interjection	nor
grattis	interjection	swe	gratulerer	interjection	nor
-	punctuation	swe	-	punctuation	nor
Abchazien	properNoun	swe	Abkhasia	properNoun	nor
Albanien	properNoun	swe	Albania	properNoun	nor
Algeriet	properNoun	swe	Algerie	properNoun	nor
Alperna	properNoun	swe	Alpane	properNoun	nor
Alperna	properNoun	swe	Alpene	properNoun	nor
Amsterdamfördraget	properNoun	swe	Amsterdam-traktaten	properNoun	nor
Anne	properNoun	swe	Anna	properNoun	nor
Armenien	properNoun	swe	Armenia	properNoun	nor
Asien	properNoun	swe	Asia	properNoun	nor
Aten	properNoun	swe	Athen	properNoun	nor
Australien	properNoun	swe	Australia	properNoun	nor
Azerbajdzjan	properNoun	swe	Aserbajdsjan	properNoun	nor
Azorerna	properNoun	swe	Asorane	properNoun	nor
Azorerna	properNoun	swe	Azorene	properNoun	nor
Baskien	properNoun	swe	Baskarland	properNoun	nor
Baskien	properNoun	swe	Baskerland	properNoun	nor
Belgien	properNoun	swe	Belgia	properNoun	nor
Belgrad	properNoun	swe	Beograd	properNoun	nor
Bosnien	properNoun	swe	Bosnia	properNoun	nor
Bouvetön	properNoun	swe	Bouvetøya	properNoun	nor
Brasilien	properNoun	swe	Brasil	properNoun	nor
Brasilien	properNoun	swe	Brasilia	properNoun	nor
Bulgarien	properNoun	swe	Bulgaria	properNoun	nor
Burma	properNoun	swe	Myanmar	properNoun	nor
Burma	properNoun	swe	Burma	properNoun	nor
Caymanöarna	properNoun	swe	Caymanøyane	properNoun	nor
Caymanöarna	properNoun	swe	Caymanøyene	properNoun	nor
Centralamerika	properNoun	swe	Mellom-Amerika	properNoun	nor
Centralasien	properNoun	swe	Sentral-Asia	properNoun	nor
Centraleuropa	properNoun	swe	Sentral-Europa	properNoun	nor
Cooköarna	properNoun	swe	Cookøyane	properNoun	nor
Cooköarna	properNoun	swe	Cookøyene	properNoun	nor
Cypern	properNoun	swe	Kypros	properNoun	nor
Daphne	properNoun	swe	Dafne	properNoun	nor
Dominica	properNoun	swe	Dominika	properNoun	nor
Dominikanska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den dominikanske republikk	properNoun	nor
Dominikanska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den dominikanske republikken	properNoun	nor
Egypten	properNoun	swe	Egypt	properNoun	nor
Ekvatorialguinea	properNoun	swe	Ekvatorial-Guinea	properNoun	nor
Elfenbenskusten	properNoun	swe	Elfenbeinskysten	properNoun	nor
Elfenbenskusten	properNoun	swe	Elfenbenskysten	properNoun	nor
Etiopien	properNoun	swe	Etiopia	properNoun	nor
Europeiska unionen	properNoun	swe	Den europeiske union	properNoun	nor
Europeiska unionen	properNoun	swe	Den europeiske unionen	properNoun	nor
Falklandsöarna	properNoun	swe	Falklandsøyane	properNoun	nor
Falklandsöarna	properNoun	swe	Falklandsøyene	properNoun	nor
Faxafloi	properNoun	swe	Faxaflói	properNoun	nor
Filippinerna	properNoun	swe	Filippinane	properNoun	nor
Filippinerna	properNoun	swe	Filippinene	properNoun	nor
Florens	properNoun	swe	Firenze	properNoun	nor
Ford Motor Company	properNoun	swe	Ford Motor Company	properNoun	nor
Förenade Arabemiraten	properNoun	swe	De forente arabiske emirater	properNoun	nor
Förenade Arabemiraten	properNoun	swe	Dei sameinte arabiske emirata	properNoun	nor
Galicien	properNoun	swe	Galicia	properNoun	nor
Gazaremsan	properNoun	swe	Gazastripa	properNoun	nor
Gazaremsan	properNoun	swe	Gazastripen	properNoun	nor
Genèvekonventionen	properNoun	swe	Genèvekonvensjonane	properNoun	nor
Genèvekonventionen	properNoun	swe	Genèvekonvensjonene	properNoun	nor
Georgien	properNoun	swe	Georgia	properNoun	nor
Grekland	properNoun	swe	Hellas	properNoun	nor
Grönland	properNoun	swe	Grønland	properNoun	nor
Göteborg	properNoun	swe	Gøteborg	properNoun	nor
Indien	properNoun	swe	India	properNoun	nor
Indonesien	properNoun	swe	Indonesia	properNoun	nor
Italien	properNoun	swe	Italia	properNoun	nor
Jemen	properNoun	swe	Yemen	properNoun	nor
Jordanien	properNoun	swe	Jordan	properNoun	nor
Kanada	properNoun	swe	Canada	properNoun	nor
Kazakstan	properNoun	swe	Kasakhstan	properNoun	nor
Kroatien	properNoun	swe	Kroatia	properNoun	nor
Kuba	properNoun	swe	Cuba	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Aksum	properNoun	swe	Aksum	properNoun	nor
Köpenhamn	properNoun	swe	København	properNoun	nor
Sierra Leone	properNoun	swe	Sierra Leone	properNoun	nor
Leone	properNoun	swe	Leone	properNoun	nor
Lettland	properNoun	swe	Latvia	properNoun	nor
Libyen	properNoun	swe	Libya	properNoun	nor
Lissabon	properNoun	swe	Lisboa	properNoun	nor
Luxemburg	properNoun	swe	Luxembourg	properNoun	nor
Macau	properNoun	swe	Macao	properNoun	nor
Maldiverna	properNoun	swe	Maldivane	properNoun	nor
Maldiverna	properNoun	swe	Maldivene	properNoun	nor
Marocko	properNoun	swe	Marokko	properNoun	nor
Marshallöarna	properNoun	swe	Marshalløyane	properNoun	nor
Marshallöarna	properNoun	swe	Marshalløyene	properNoun	nor
Mauretanien	properNoun	swe	Mauritania	properNoun	nor
Medelhavet	properNoun	swe	Middelhavet	properNoun	nor
Mexiko	properNoun	swe	Mexico	properNoun	nor
Milosevic	properNoun	swe	Milošević	properNoun	nor
Moldavien	properNoun	swe	Moldova	properNoun	nor
Mongoliet	properNoun	swe	Mongolia	properNoun	nor
Morgunbladid	properNoun	swe	Morgunblaðið	properNoun	nor
Moçambique	properNoun	swe	Mosambik	properNoun	nor
Myanmar	properNoun	swe	Burma	properNoun	nor
Nazityskland	properNoun	swe	Nazi-Tyskland	properNoun	nor
Neapel	properNoun	swe	Napoli	properNoun	nor
Nederländerna	properNoun	swe	Nederland	properNoun	nor
Nicolas	properNoun	swe	Nikolaus	properNoun	nor
Nielson	properNoun	swe	Nilsson	properNoun	nor
Nordirland	properNoun	swe	Nord-Irland	properNoun	nor
Nordsjön	properNoun	swe	Nordsjøen	properNoun	nor
Nya Zeeland	properNoun	swe	Ny-Zealand	properNoun	nor
Odysseus	properNoun	swe	Odyssevs	properNoun	nor
Odyssé	properNoun	swe	Odysseen	properNoun	nor
Oskar	properNoun	swe	Oscar	properNoun	nor
Osmanska riket	properNoun	swe	Det osmanske riket	properNoun	nor
Osmanska riket	properNoun	swe	Det ottomanske riket	properNoun	nor
Peter	properNoun	swe	Peter	properNoun	nor
Peder	properNoun	swe	Peder	properNoun	nor
Peking	properNoun	swe	Beijing	properNoun	nor
Persiska riket	properNoun	swe	Persia	properNoun	nor
Philip	properNoun	swe	Filip	properNoun	nor
Prag	properNoun	swe	Praha	properNoun	nor
Reydarfjördur	properNoun	swe	Reyðarfjörður	properNoun	nor
Reykjavik	properNoun	swe	Reykjavík	properNoun	nor
Richard	properNoun	swe	Rikard	properNoun	nor
Riksbank	properNoun	swe	Sentralbank	properNoun	nor
Rio	properNoun	swe	Rio de Janeiro	properNoun	nor
Rom	properNoun	swe	Roma	properNoun	nor
Romerska kejsardömet	properNoun	swe	Romarriket	properNoun	nor
Romerska kejsardömet	properNoun	swe	Romerriket	properNoun	nor
Rumänien	properNoun	swe	Romania	properNoun	nor
Ryssland	properNoun	swe	Russland	properNoun	nor
Sacharovpriset	properNoun	swe	Sakharovprisen	properNoun	nor
Saint Helena	properNoun	swe	St. Helena	properNoun	nor
Salomonöarna	properNoun	swe	Salomonøyane	properNoun	nor
Salomonöarna	properNoun	swe	Salomonøyene	properNoun	nor
Sao Tomé och Principe	properNoun	swe	São Tomé og Príncipe	properNoun	nor
Saturnus	properNoun	swe	Saturn	properNoun	nor
Saudi-Arabien	properNoun	swe	Saudi-Arabia	properNoun	nor
Saudiarabien	properNoun	swe	Saudi-Arabia	properNoun	nor
Schweiz	properNoun	swe	Sveits	properNoun	nor
Serbien	properNoun	swe	Serbia	properNoun	nor
Seychellerna	properNoun	swe	Seychellane	properNoun	nor
Seychellerna	properNoun	swe	Seychellene	properNoun	nor
Skagafjördur	properNoun	swe	Skagafjörður	properNoun	nor
Skagerack	properNoun	swe	Skagerrak	properNoun	nor
Skandinavien	properNoun	swe	Skandinavia	properNoun	nor
Slovakien	properNoun	swe	Slovakia	properNoun	nor
Slovenien	properNoun	swe	Slovenia	properNoun	nor
Snorri	properNoun	swe	Snorre Sturlason	properNoun	nor
Spanien	properNoun	swe	Spania	properNoun	nor
Stilla havet	properNoun	swe	Stillehavet	properNoun	nor
Stockholms universitet	properNoun	swe	Stockholms universitet	properNoun	nor
Storbritannien	properNoun	swe	Storbritannia	properNoun	nor
Sturlasson	properNoun	swe	Sturlason	properNoun	nor
Sydafrika	properNoun	swe	Sør-Afrika	properNoun	nor
Sydamerika	properNoun	swe	Sør-Amerika	properNoun	nor
Sydkorea	properNoun	swe	Sør-Korea	properNoun	nor
Sydossetien	properNoun	swe	Sør-Ossetia	properNoun	nor
Sydostasien	properNoun	swe	Søraust-Asia	properNoun	nor
Sydostasien	properNoun	swe	Sørøst-Asia	properNoun	nor
Syrien	properNoun	swe	Syria	properNoun	nor
Tadzjikistan	properNoun	swe	Tadsjikistan	properNoun	nor
Tchad	properNoun	swe	Tsjad	properNoun	nor
Thessaloniki	properNoun	swe	Thessaloníki	properNoun	nor
Tjeckien	properNoun	swe	Tsjekkia	properNoun	nor
Tjernobyl	properNoun	swe	Tsjernobyl	properNoun	nor
Tjetjenien	properNoun	swe	Tsjetsjenia	properNoun	nor
Transnistrien	properNoun	swe	Transnistria	properNoun	nor
Trinidad och Tobago	properNoun	swe	Trinidad og Tobago	properNoun	nor
Tunisien	properNoun	swe	Tunisia	properNoun	nor
Turkiet	properNoun	swe	Tyrkia	properNoun	nor
Ungern	properNoun	swe	Ungarn	properNoun	nor
Uzbekistan	properNoun	swe	Usbekistan	properNoun	nor
Vitryssland	properNoun	swe	Hviterussland	properNoun	nor
Vitryssland	properNoun	swe	Kviterussland	properNoun	nor
Världsbanken	properNoun	swe	Verdensbanken	properNoun	nor
Världsbanken	properNoun	swe	Verdsbanken	properNoun	nor
Västbanken	properNoun	swe	Vestbredden	properNoun	nor
Västbanken	properNoun	swe	Vestbreidda	properNoun	nor
Västeuropa	properNoun	swe	Vest-Europa	properNoun	nor
Västsahara	properNoun	swe	Vest-Sahara	properNoun	nor
Ålborg	properNoun	swe	Aalborg	properNoun	nor
Århus	properNoun	swe	Aarhus	properNoun	nor
Österrike-Ungern	properNoun	swe	Austerrike-Ungarn	properNoun	nor
Österrike-Ungern	properNoun	swe	Østerrike-Ungarn	properNoun	nor
Österrike	properNoun	swe	Austerrike	properNoun	nor
Österrike	properNoun	swe	Østerrike	properNoun	nor
Östersjön	properNoun	swe	Austersjøen	properNoun	nor
Östersjön	properNoun	swe	Østersjøen	properNoun	nor
Östeuropa	properNoun	swe	Aust-Europa	properNoun	nor
Östeuropa	properNoun	swe	Øst-Europa	properNoun	nor
Östra Grönland	properNoun	swe	Austgrønland	properNoun	nor
Östra Grönland	properNoun	swe	Østgrønland	properNoun	nor
Östtimor	properNoun	swe	Aust-Timor	properNoun	nor
Östtimor	properNoun	swe	Øst-Timor	properNoun	nor
Sydaustralien	properNoun	swe	Sør-Australia	properNoun	nor
Nordamerika	properNoun	swe	Nord-Amerika	properNoun	nor
Latinamerika	properNoun	swe	Latin-Amerika	properNoun	nor
Atlantpakta	properNoun	swe	Atlantpakta	properNoun	nor
Atlanterhavspakta	properNoun	swe	Atlanterhavspakta	properNoun	nor
Warszawapakta	properNoun	swe	Warszawapakta	properNoun	nor
Frøya	properNoun	swe	Frøya	properNoun	nor
Søndergield	properNoun	swe	Søndergield	properNoun	nor
Østfoldbanen	properNoun	swe	Østfoldbanen	properNoun	nor
Barbados	properNoun	swe	Barbados	properNoun	nor
Santtu	properNoun	swe	Santtu	properNoun	nor
Terttu	properNoun	swe	Terttu	properNoun	nor
Åsgård	properNoun	swe	Åsgård	properNoun	nor
Rødding	properNoun	swe	Rødding	properNoun	nor
Pirttijärvi	properNoun	swe	Pirttijärvi	properNoun	nor
Frohavet	properNoun	swe	Frohavet	properNoun	nor
Barth	properNoun	swe	Barth	properNoun	nor
Pirkola	properNoun	swe	Pirkola	properNoun	nor
Tveten	properNoun	swe	Tveten	properNoun	nor
Kovalainen	properNoun	swe	Kovalainen	properNoun	nor
Nilán	properNoun	swe	Nilán	properNoun	nor
Markula	properNoun	swe	Markula	properNoun	nor
Erve	properNoun	swe	Erve	properNoun	nor
Buohttá	properNoun	swe	Buohttá	properNoun	nor
Pyhäluoto	properNoun	swe	Pyhäluoto	properNoun	nor
Tarjei	properNoun	swe	Tarjei	properNoun	nor
Huynh	properNoun	swe	Huynh	properNoun	nor
Lundhaug	properNoun	swe	Lundhaug	properNoun	nor
Espeseth	properNoun	swe	Espeseth	properNoun	nor
Tveter	properNoun	swe	Tveter	properNoun	nor
Andersson	properNoun	swe	Andersson	properNoun	nor
Urbye	properNoun	swe	Urbye	properNoun	nor
Sparre	properNoun	swe	Sparre	properNoun	nor
Løding	properNoun	swe	Løding	properNoun	nor
Kolppanen	properNoun	swe	Kolppanen	properNoun	nor
Kolle	properNoun	swe	Kolle	properNoun	nor
Toreson	properNoun	swe	Toreson	properNoun	nor
Sarkanen	properNoun	swe	Sarkanen	properNoun	nor
Pindstrup	properNoun	swe	Pindstrup	properNoun	nor
Kilde	properNoun	swe	Kilde	properNoun	nor
Roanne	properNoun	swe	Roanne	properNoun	nor
Ullmanen	properNoun	swe	Ullmanen	properNoun	nor
Kitti	properNoun	swe	Kitti	properNoun	nor
Helimski	properNoun	swe	Helimski	properNoun	nor
Elvevold	properNoun	swe	Elvevold	properNoun	nor
Opdal	properNoun	swe	Opdal	properNoun	nor
Rinta	properNoun	swe	Rinta	properNoun	nor
Nisula	properNoun	swe	Nisula	properNoun	nor
Kyötikki	properNoun	swe	Kyötikki	properNoun	nor
Hätönen	properNoun	swe	Hätönen	properNoun	nor
Hopkins	properNoun	swe	Hopkins	properNoun	nor
Riihijärvi	properNoun	swe	Riihijärvi	properNoun	nor
Myller	properNoun	swe	Myller	properNoun	nor
Holsøe	properNoun	swe	Holsøe	properNoun	nor
Hiironen	properNoun	swe	Hiironen	properNoun	nor
Sikem	properNoun	swe	Sikem	properNoun	nor
Kullas	properNoun	swe	Kullas	properNoun	nor
Hestad	properNoun	swe	Hestad	properNoun	nor
Didrik	properNoun	swe	Didrik	properNoun	nor
Vientiane	properNoun	swe	Vientiane	properNoun	nor
Ivarson	properNoun	swe	Ivarson	properNoun	nor
Bjørseth	properNoun	swe	Bjørseth	properNoun	nor
Bakkan	properNoun	swe	Bakkan	properNoun	nor
Haga	properNoun	swe	Haga	properNoun	nor
Tuura	properNoun	swe	Tuura	properNoun	nor
Bertramsen	properNoun	swe	Bertramsen	properNoun	nor
Vøringsfossen	properNoun	swe	Vøringsfossen	properNoun	nor
Korjula	properNoun	swe	Korjula	properNoun	nor
Jan-Ivar	properNoun	swe	Jan-Ivar	properNoun	nor
Kiøsterud	properNoun	swe	Kiøsterud	properNoun	nor
Alcatel	properNoun	swe	Alcatel	properNoun	nor
Tumba	properNoun	swe	Tumba	properNoun	nor
Korkeila	properNoun	swe	Korkeila	properNoun	nor
Hage	properNoun	swe	Hage	properNoun	nor
Numitor	properNoun	swe	Numitor	properNoun	nor
Sommer-Stockholm	properNoun	swe	Sommer-Stockholm	properNoun	nor
Sundstrup	properNoun	swe	Sundstrup	properNoun	nor
Rasinmäki	properNoun	swe	Rasinmäki	properNoun	nor
Kivekäs	properNoun	swe	Kivekäs	properNoun	nor
Kitts	properNoun	swe	Kitts	properNoun	nor
Gjestland	properNoun	swe	Gjestland	properNoun	nor
Tuure	properNoun	swe	Tuure	properNoun	nor
Tella	properNoun	swe	Tella	properNoun	nor
Frodesen	properNoun	swe	Frodesen	properNoun	nor
Brian	properNoun	swe	Brian	properNoun	nor
Hjartdal	properNoun	swe	Hjartdal	properNoun	nor
Papper	properNoun	swe	Papper	properNoun	nor
Collett	properNoun	swe	Collett	properNoun	nor
Dieppe	properNoun	swe	Dieppe	properNoun	nor
Tuuri	properNoun	swe	Tuuri	properNoun	nor
Järvinen	properNoun	swe	Järvinen	properNoun	nor
Telle	properNoun	swe	Telle	properNoun	nor
Grindsted	properNoun	swe	Grindsted	properNoun	nor
DNL	properNoun	swe	DNL	properNoun	nor
Kitty	properNoun	swe	Kitty	properNoun	nor
Somerset	properNoun	swe	Somerset	properNoun	nor
Ollonen	properNoun	swe	Ollonen	properNoun	nor
Skippari	properNoun	swe	Skippari	properNoun	nor
May-Tove	properNoun	swe	May-Tove	properNoun	nor
Yangtzekiang	properNoun	swe	Yangtzekiang	properNoun	nor
Spilleth	properNoun	swe	Spilleth	properNoun	nor
Kirstebom	properNoun	swe	Kirstebom	properNoun	nor
Kalliainen	properNoun	swe	Kalliainen	properNoun	nor
Jeremy	properNoun	swe	Jeremy	properNoun	nor
Thorsen	properNoun	swe	Thorsen	properNoun	nor
Stig-Arne	properNoun	swe	Stig-Arne	properNoun	nor
Filipp	properNoun	swe	Filipp	properNoun	nor
Østreng	properNoun	swe	Østreng	properNoun	nor
Rastenberger	properNoun	swe	Rastenberger	properNoun	nor
Havel	properNoun	swe	Havel	properNoun	nor
Rolsted	properNoun	swe	Rolsted	properNoun	nor
Ilonen	properNoun	swe	Ilonen	properNoun	nor
Rambo	properNoun	swe	Rambo	properNoun	nor
Kristoffersen	properNoun	swe	Kristoffersen	properNoun	nor
Tikka	properNoun	swe	Tikka	properNoun	nor
Luojus	properNoun	swe	Luojus	properNoun	nor
Karl	properNoun	swe	Karl	properNoun	nor
Karlik	properNoun	swe	Karlik	properNoun	nor
Tzay	properNoun	swe	Tzay	properNoun	nor
Spidsbergseter	properNoun	swe	Spidsbergseter	properNoun	nor
Kallak	properNoun	swe	Kallak	properNoun	nor
Buljojohka	properNoun	swe	Buljojohka	properNoun	nor
Ekofisk	properNoun	swe	Ekofisk	properNoun	nor
Myran	properNoun	swe	Myran	properNoun	nor
Novus	properNoun	swe	Novus	properNoun	nor
Mellem	properNoun	swe	Mellem	properNoun	nor
Lilja	properNoun	swe	Lilja	properNoun	nor
Grane	properNoun	swe	Grane	properNoun	nor
Valtola	properNoun	swe	Valtola	properNoun	nor
Melander	properNoun	swe	Melander	properNoun	nor
Mattila	properNoun	swe	Mattila	properNoun	nor
Haver	properNoun	swe	Haver	properNoun	nor
Varud	properNoun	swe	Varud	properNoun	nor
Palonoja	properNoun	swe	Palonoja	properNoun	nor
Mikkal	properNoun	swe	Mikkal	properNoun	nor
Thorfinn	properNoun	swe	Thorfinn	properNoun	nor
Spitz	properNoun	swe	Spitz	properNoun	nor
Lehtisaari	properNoun	swe	Lehtisaari	properNoun	nor
Hofnagel	properNoun	swe	Hofnagel	properNoun	nor
Road	properNoun	swe	Road	properNoun	nor
Høynesmyr	properNoun	swe	Høynesmyr	properNoun	nor
Mellet	properNoun	swe	Mellet	properNoun	nor
Asynkritos	properNoun	swe	Asynkritos	properNoun	nor
Lauritzon	properNoun	swe	Lauritzon	properNoun	nor
Kojo	properNoun	swe	Kojo	properNoun	nor
Tarja	properNoun	swe	Tarja	properNoun	nor
Viseth	properNoun	swe	Viseth	properNoun	nor
Saapunki	properNoun	swe	Saapunki	properNoun	nor
Mehus	properNoun	swe	Mehus	properNoun	nor
SAS	properNoun	swe	SAS	properNoun	nor
Nilut	properNoun	swe	Nilut	properNoun	nor
Kortesmaa	properNoun	swe	Kortesmaa	properNoun	nor
Iivarinen	properNoun	swe	Iivarinen	properNoun	nor
Marthinus	properNoun	swe	Marthinus	properNoun	nor
Guilini	properNoun	swe	Guilini	properNoun	nor
Martinmäki	properNoun	swe	Martinmäki	properNoun	nor
Vastamäki	properNoun	swe	Vastamäki	properNoun	nor
L'Osservatore	properNoun	swe	L'Osservatore	properNoun	nor
Vålerenga	properNoun	swe	Vålerenga	properNoun	nor
Taimela	properNoun	swe	Taimela	properNoun	nor
Korkala	properNoun	swe	Korkala	properNoun	nor
Bostad	properNoun	swe	Bostad	properNoun	nor
Lähdeniemi	properNoun	swe	Lähdeniemi	properNoun	nor
Falch	properNoun	swe	Falch	properNoun	nor
Roan	properNoun	swe	Roan	properNoun	nor
Tvare	properNoun	swe	Tvare	properNoun	nor
Tiltnes	properNoun	swe	Tiltnes	properNoun	nor
Erikssen	properNoun	swe	Erikssen	properNoun	nor
Pöllänen	properNoun	swe	Pöllänen	properNoun	nor
Mettinen	properNoun	swe	Mettinen	properNoun	nor
Falck	properNoun	swe	Falck	properNoun	nor
Ekseth	properNoun	swe	Ekseth	properNoun	nor
Sinsenkrysset	properNoun	swe	Sinsenkrysset	properNoun	nor
Dignes	properNoun	swe	Dignes	properNoun	nor
Korneliussen	properNoun	swe	Korneliussen	properNoun	nor
Savunen	properNoun	swe	Savunen	properNoun	nor
Rossnes	properNoun	swe	Rossnes	properNoun	nor
Rintakoski	properNoun	swe	Rintakoski	properNoun	nor
Isomaa	properNoun	swe	Isomaa	properNoun	nor
Flæene	properNoun	swe	Flæene	properNoun	nor
Roar	properNoun	swe	Roar	properNoun	nor
Purmonen	properNoun	swe	Purmonen	properNoun	nor
Komulainen	properNoun	swe	Komulainen	properNoun	nor
Keso	properNoun	swe	Keso	properNoun	nor
Træna	properNoun	swe	Træna	properNoun	nor
Mynttinen	properNoun	swe	Mynttinen	properNoun	nor
Henttinen	properNoun	swe	Henttinen	properNoun	nor
Mákkáája	properNoun	swe	Mákkáája	properNoun	nor
Korkalo	properNoun	swe	Korkalo	properNoun	nor
Nurkkala	properNoun	swe	Nurkkala	properNoun	nor
Højlund	properNoun	swe	Højlund	properNoun	nor
Eilert	properNoun	swe	Eilert	properNoun	nor
Spitsbergen	properNoun	swe	Spitsbergen	properNoun	nor
Mesters	properNoun	swe	Mesters	properNoun	nor
Phoenix	properNoun	swe	Phoenix	properNoun	nor
Yanaeatnu	properNoun	swe	Yanaeatnu	properNoun	nor
Ruokonen	properNoun	swe	Ruokonen	properNoun	nor
Beersheba	properNoun	swe	Beersheba	properNoun	nor
Mienna	properNoun	swe	Mienna	properNoun	nor
Kinanen	properNoun	swe	Kinanen	properNoun	nor
Huhtaniemi	properNoun	swe	Huhtaniemi	properNoun	nor
Gertrud	properNoun	swe	Gertrud	properNoun	nor
Abdullah	properNoun	swe	Abdullah	properNoun	nor
I	properNoun	swe	I	properNoun	nor
Bearanibba	properNoun	swe	Bearanibba	properNoun	nor
Bierajohka	properNoun	swe	Bierajohka	properNoun	nor
Nagoya	properNoun	swe	Nagoya	properNoun	nor
Tiberius	properNoun	swe	Tiberius	properNoun	nor
Sokna	properNoun	swe	Sokna	properNoun	nor
Tuft	properNoun	swe	Tuft	properNoun	nor
Hareid	properNoun	swe	Hareid	properNoun	nor
Gørrisen	properNoun	swe	Gørrisen	properNoun	nor
Kielinen	properNoun	swe	Kielinen	properNoun	nor
Karstenson	properNoun	swe	Karstenson	properNoun	nor
Vasarainen	properNoun	swe	Vasarainen	properNoun	nor
Storeskard	properNoun	swe	Storeskard	properNoun	nor
Kraków	properNoun	swe	Kraków	properNoun	nor
Balkanfjellene	properNoun	swe	Balkanfjellene	properNoun	nor
Kukkula	properNoun	swe	Kukkula	properNoun	nor
Growen	properNoun	swe	Growen	properNoun	nor
Fred	properNoun	swe	Fred	properNoun	nor
Vestergaard	properNoun	swe	Vestergaard	properNoun	nor
Beardna	properNoun	swe	Beardna	properNoun	nor
Joensen	properNoun	swe	Joensen	properNoun	nor
Ilmarinen	properNoun	swe	Ilmarinen	properNoun	nor
Stubberud	properNoun	swe	Stubberud	properNoun	nor
Ringerike	properNoun	swe	Ringerike	properNoun	nor
Bluffs	properNoun	swe	Bluffs	properNoun	nor
Akim	properNoun	swe	Akim	properNoun	nor
Pyykönen	properNoun	swe	Pyykönen	properNoun	nor
Frei	properNoun	swe	Frei	properNoun	nor
Osen	properNoun	swe	Osen	properNoun	nor
Gaza	properNoun	swe	Gaza	properNoun	nor
Jáhkob	properNoun	swe	Jáhkob	properNoun	nor
Marnardal	properNoun	swe	Marnardal	properNoun	nor
Raleigh	properNoun	swe	Raleigh	properNoun	nor
Tuusa	properNoun	swe	Tuusa	properNoun	nor
Ose	properNoun	swe	Ose	properNoun	nor
Fjällström	properNoun	swe	Fjällström	properNoun	nor
Aare	properNoun	swe	Aare	properNoun	nor
Kirkenes	properNoun	swe	Kirkenes	properNoun	nor
Svenssen	properNoun	swe	Svenssen	properNoun	nor
Juntejohka	properNoun	swe	Juntejohka	properNoun	nor
Kilen	properNoun	swe	Kilen	properNoun	nor
Anne-Britt	properNoun	swe	Anne-Britt	properNoun	nor
Fire-Máhtte	properNoun	swe	Fire-Máhtte	properNoun	nor
Tranbjerg	properNoun	swe	Tranbjerg	properNoun	nor
Gibsen	properNoun	swe	Gibsen	properNoun	nor
Dawson	properNoun	swe	Dawson	properNoun	nor
Christoffer	properNoun	swe	Christoffer	properNoun	nor
Kjos	properNoun	swe	Kjos	properNoun	nor
Jágo	properNoun	swe	Jágo	properNoun	nor
Sunnset	properNoun	swe	Sunnset	properNoun	nor
Lanne	properNoun	swe	Lanne	properNoun	nor
Kaila	properNoun	swe	Kaila	properNoun	nor
Pajuranta	properNoun	swe	Pajuranta	properNoun	nor
Kiesilä	properNoun	swe	Kiesilä	properNoun	nor
Gerasimova	properNoun	swe	Gerasimova	properNoun	nor
Hannover	properNoun	swe	Hannover	properNoun	nor
Süchow	properNoun	swe	Süchow	properNoun	nor
Frey	properNoun	swe	Frey	properNoun	nor
Agdenes	properNoun	swe	Agdenes	properNoun	nor
Pommer	properNoun	swe	Pommer	properNoun	nor
Napp	properNoun	swe	Napp	properNoun	nor
Rufus	properNoun	swe	Rufus	properNoun	nor
Gállájávrrit	properNoun	swe	Gállájávrrit	properNoun	nor
Anskar	properNoun	swe	Anskar	properNoun	nor
Olessen	properNoun	swe	Olessen	properNoun	nor
Aston	properNoun	swe	Aston	properNoun	nor
Kinnunen	properNoun	swe	Kinnunen	properNoun	nor
Aars	properNoun	swe	Aars	properNoun	nor
Hahr	properNoun	swe	Hahr	properNoun	nor
Haarberg	properNoun	swe	Haarberg	properNoun	nor
Xenofon	properNoun	swe	Xenofon	properNoun	nor
Buenos	properNoun	swe	Buenos	properNoun	nor
Gádjáriegádanjávri	properNoun	swe	Gádjáriegádanjávri	properNoun	nor
Hasdrubal	properNoun	swe	Hasdrubal	properNoun	nor
Jeanett	properNoun	swe	Jeanett	properNoun	nor
Hangasmaa	properNoun	swe	Hangasmaa	properNoun	nor
Bangalore	properNoun	swe	Bangalore	properNoun	nor
Astor	properNoun	swe	Astor	properNoun	nor
Theodor	properNoun	swe	Theodor	properNoun	nor
Foods	properNoun	swe	Foods	properNoun	nor
Svindset	properNoun	swe	Svindset	properNoun	nor
Bogdanoff	properNoun	swe	Bogdanoff	properNoun	nor
Maximilian	properNoun	swe	Maximilian	properNoun	nor
Europakommisjonen	properNoun	swe	Europakommisjonen	properNoun	nor
Ølgod	properNoun	swe	Ølgod	properNoun	nor
Sariola	properNoun	swe	Sariola	properNoun	nor
Næristrød	properNoun	swe	Næristrød	properNoun	nor
Råde	properNoun	swe	Råde	properNoun	nor
Ellswortheana	properNoun	swe	Ellswortheana	properNoun	nor
Arnesson	properNoun	swe	Arnesson	properNoun	nor
Risnes	properNoun	swe	Risnes	properNoun	nor
Sámmul	properNoun	swe	Sámmul	properNoun	nor
Mjøndalen	properNoun	swe	Mjøndalen	properNoun	nor
Frantzon	properNoun	swe	Frantzon	properNoun	nor
Mártejohka	properNoun	swe	Mártejohka	properNoun	nor
Jokisalo	properNoun	swe	Jokisalo	properNoun	nor
Enajim	properNoun	swe	Enajim	properNoun	nor
Epafroditos	properNoun	swe	Epafroditos	properNoun	nor
Nidaros	properNoun	swe	Nidaros	properNoun	nor
Holstein	properNoun	swe	Holstein	properNoun	nor
Leirgulen	properNoun	swe	Leirgulen	properNoun	nor
Konttaniemi	properNoun	swe	Konttaniemi	properNoun	nor
Rosengren	properNoun	swe	Rosengren	properNoun	nor
Muilu	properNoun	swe	Muilu	properNoun	nor
Gjaerevoll	properNoun	swe	Gjaerevoll	properNoun	nor
Hulda	properNoun	swe	Hulda	properNoun	nor
Rosberg	properNoun	swe	Rosberg	properNoun	nor
Lähdekorpi	properNoun	swe	Lähdekorpi	properNoun	nor
Hovsvåg	properNoun	swe	Hovsvåg	properNoun	nor
Laihamaa	properNoun	swe	Laihamaa	properNoun	nor
Wegger	properNoun	swe	Wegger	properNoun	nor
Nyvold	properNoun	swe	Nyvold	properNoun	nor
Gratangen	properNoun	swe	Gratangen	properNoun	nor
Klemet	properNoun	swe	Klemet	properNoun	nor
Aksnes	properNoun	swe	Aksnes	properNoun	nor
Carlson	properNoun	swe	Carlson	properNoun	nor
Holstad	properNoun	swe	Holstad	properNoun	nor
Stokkan	properNoun	swe	Stokkan	properNoun	nor
Valentina	properNoun	swe	Valentina	properNoun	nor
Overvaag	properNoun	swe	Overvaag	properNoun	nor
Hekne	properNoun	swe	Hekne	properNoun	nor
Keth	properNoun	swe	Keth	properNoun	nor
Kalliosalo	properNoun	swe	Kalliosalo	properNoun	nor
Stefen	properNoun	swe	Stefen	properNoun	nor
Tom	properNoun	swe	Tom	properNoun	nor
Charleston	properNoun	swe	Charleston	properNoun	nor
Austbø	properNoun	swe	Austbø	properNoun	nor
Junttejávri	properNoun	swe	Junttejávri	properNoun	nor
Vakkila	properNoun	swe	Vakkila	properNoun	nor
Turtinen	properNoun	swe	Turtinen	properNoun	nor
Rådahl	properNoun	swe	Rådahl	properNoun	nor
Riesto	properNoun	swe	Riesto	properNoun	nor
Kaario	properNoun	swe	Kaario	properNoun	nor
Hannibalsson	properNoun	swe	Hannibalsson	properNoun	nor
Martinique	properNoun	swe	Martinique	properNoun	nor
Rembrant	properNoun	swe	Rembrant	properNoun	nor
Top	properNoun	swe	Top	properNoun	nor
Terjesen	properNoun	swe	Terjesen	properNoun	nor
Imerslund	properNoun	swe	Imerslund	properNoun	nor
Lehmann	properNoun	swe	Lehmann	properNoun	nor
Regulus	properNoun	swe	Regulus	properNoun	nor
Tor	properNoun	swe	Tor	properNoun	nor
Sebojim	properNoun	swe	Sebojim	properNoun	nor
Piser	properNoun	swe	Piser	properNoun	nor
Kedorlaomer	properNoun	swe	Kedorlaomer	properNoun	nor
Tom-Arne	properNoun	swe	Tom-Arne	properNoun	nor
Sixten	properNoun	swe	Sixten	properNoun	nor
Vichy	properNoun	swe	Vichy	properNoun	nor
Sauvignon	properNoun	swe	Sauvignon	properNoun	nor
Bjørneboe	properNoun	swe	Bjørneboe	properNoun	nor
Keto	properNoun	swe	Keto	properNoun	nor
Hægelan	properNoun	swe	Hægelan	properNoun	nor
Lássejávri	properNoun	swe	Lássejávri	properNoun	nor
Peloponnes	properNoun	swe	Peloponnes	properNoun	nor
Skånland	properNoun	swe	Skånland	properNoun	nor
Helsingborg	properNoun	swe	Helsingborg	properNoun	nor
Retter	properNoun	swe	Retter	properNoun	nor
Huttu	properNoun	swe	Huttu	properNoun	nor
Estelle	properNoun	swe	Estelle	properNoun	nor
Stenersson	properNoun	swe	Stenersson	properNoun	nor
Vuorinen	properNoun	swe	Vuorinen	properNoun	nor
Saviniemi	properNoun	swe	Saviniemi	properNoun	nor
Mathea	properNoun	swe	Mathea	properNoun	nor
Krogvig	properNoun	swe	Krogvig	properNoun	nor
Ámmun	properNoun	swe	Ámmun	properNoun	nor
Kassandra	properNoun	swe	Kassandra	properNoun	nor
Pänkäläinen	properNoun	swe	Pänkäläinen	properNoun	nor
Kemppinen	properNoun	swe	Kemppinen	properNoun	nor
Epikarmos	properNoun	swe	Epikarmos	properNoun	nor
Nassersjøen	properNoun	swe	Nassersjøen	properNoun	nor
Reko	properNoun	swe	Reko	properNoun	nor
Kuikka	properNoun	swe	Kuikka	properNoun	nor
Engan	properNoun	swe	Engan	properNoun	nor
Kuusela	properNoun	swe	Kuusela	properNoun	nor
Joutjärvi	properNoun	swe	Joutjärvi	properNoun	nor
Hellehus	properNoun	swe	Hellehus	properNoun	nor
Drina	properNoun	swe	Drina	properNoun	nor
Rokstad	properNoun	swe	Rokstad	properNoun	nor
Sørmarka	properNoun	swe	Sørmarka	properNoun	nor
Haslemoen	properNoun	swe	Haslemoen	properNoun	nor
Warszawa	properNoun	swe	Warszawa	properNoun	nor
Sellebakk	properNoun	swe	Sellebakk	properNoun	nor
Koven	properNoun	swe	Koven	properNoun	nor
Luigi	properNoun	swe	Luigi	properNoun	nor
Qadhafi	properNoun	swe	Qadhafi	properNoun	nor
Meriläinen	properNoun	swe	Meriläinen	properNoun	nor
Sparta	properNoun	swe	Sparta	properNoun	nor
Dumfries	properNoun	swe	Dumfries	properNoun	nor
Cantona	properNoun	swe	Cantona	properNoun	nor
Rørosgård	properNoun	swe	Rørosgård	properNoun	nor
Arvid	properNoun	swe	Arvid	properNoun	nor
Heggelund	properNoun	swe	Heggelund	properNoun	nor
Tarquinius	properNoun	swe	Tarquinius	properNoun	nor
Æsop	properNoun	swe	Æsop	properNoun	nor
Alkuin	properNoun	swe	Alkuin	properNoun	nor
Cheinesh	properNoun	swe	Cheinesh	properNoun	nor
Berentsen	properNoun	swe	Berentsen	properNoun	nor
Wilkes	properNoun	swe	Wilkes	properNoun	nor
Køber	properNoun	swe	Køber	properNoun	nor
Ulkuniemi	properNoun	swe	Ulkuniemi	properNoun	nor
Sjøveian	properNoun	swe	Sjøveian	properNoun	nor
Kaseva	properNoun	swe	Kaseva	properNoun	nor
Bratvold	properNoun	swe	Bratvold	properNoun	nor
Jannik	properNoun	swe	Jannik	properNoun	nor
Festus	properNoun	swe	Festus	properNoun	nor
Børselv	properNoun	swe	Børselv	properNoun	nor
Sverdrup	properNoun	swe	Sverdrup	properNoun	nor
Kasaluk	properNoun	swe	Kasaluk	properNoun	nor
Rauta	properNoun	swe	Rauta	properNoun	nor
Leppäaho	properNoun	swe	Leppäaho	properNoun	nor
Jyderup	properNoun	swe	Jyderup	properNoun	nor
Bánccu	properNoun	swe	Bánccu	properNoun	nor
Mannebrekke	properNoun	swe	Mannebrekke	properNoun	nor
Ilkka	properNoun	swe	Ilkka	properNoun	nor
Kikhaugen	properNoun	swe	Kikhaugen	properNoun	nor
Arvio	properNoun	swe	Arvio	properNoun	nor
Midas	properNoun	swe	Midas	properNoun	nor
Aase	properNoun	swe	Aase	properNoun	nor
Svana	properNoun	swe	Svana	properNoun	nor
Meifiord	properNoun	swe	Meifiord	properNoun	nor
Mariero	properNoun	swe	Mariero	properNoun	nor
Borchsenius	properNoun	swe	Borchsenius	properNoun	nor
Gardariket	properNoun	swe	Gardariket	properNoun	nor
Synnes	properNoun	swe	Synnes	properNoun	nor
Jokiaho	properNoun	swe	Jokiaho	properNoun	nor
Jakobsen	properNoun	swe	Jakobsen	properNoun	nor
Stensgaard	properNoun	swe	Stensgaard	properNoun	nor
Romundstad	properNoun	swe	Romundstad	properNoun	nor
Fuglestad	properNoun	swe	Fuglestad	properNoun	nor
Alvar	properNoun	swe	Alvar	properNoun	nor
Tiilikainen	properNoun	swe	Tiilikainen	properNoun	nor
Svane	properNoun	swe	Svane	properNoun	nor
Sankala	properNoun	swe	Sankala	properNoun	nor
Meroe	properNoun	swe	Meroe	properNoun	nor
Albrigt	properNoun	swe	Albrigt	properNoun	nor
Lähdeaho	properNoun	swe	Lähdeaho	properNoun	nor
Jakobine	properNoun	swe	Jakobine	properNoun	nor
Ánnájohka	properNoun	swe	Ánnájohka	properNoun	nor
Siltanen	properNoun	swe	Siltanen	properNoun	nor
Poussa	properNoun	swe	Poussa	properNoun	nor
Jetsonen	properNoun	swe	Jetsonen	properNoun	nor
Pirinen	properNoun	swe	Pirinen	properNoun	nor
Leppämäki	properNoun	swe	Leppämäki	properNoun	nor
Hytting	properNoun	swe	Hytting	properNoun	nor
Baal	properNoun	swe	Baal	properNoun	nor
Rustad	properNoun	swe	Rustad	properNoun	nor
Thorssen	properNoun	swe	Thorssen	properNoun	nor
Lemme	properNoun	swe	Lemme	properNoun	nor
Angeltveit	properNoun	swe	Angeltveit	properNoun	nor
Johannesen	properNoun	swe	Johannesen	properNoun	nor
Kalderstam	properNoun	swe	Kalderstam	properNoun	nor
Undheim	properNoun	swe	Undheim	properNoun	nor
Reigstad	properNoun	swe	Reigstad	properNoun	nor
Pirttikoski	properNoun	swe	Pirttikoski	properNoun	nor
Tsakimp	properNoun	swe	Tsakimp	properNoun	nor
Driller	properNoun	swe	Driller	properNoun	nor
Martha	properNoun	swe	Martha	properNoun	nor
Aass	properNoun	swe	Aass	properNoun	nor
Rajahalme	properNoun	swe	Rajahalme	properNoun	nor
Bjerre	properNoun	swe	Bjerre	properNoun	nor
Anlaug	properNoun	swe	Anlaug	properNoun	nor
Vier	properNoun	swe	Vier	properNoun	nor
Prebensen	properNoun	swe	Prebensen	properNoun	nor
Komppa	properNoun	swe	Komppa	properNoun	nor
Midt-Frankrike	properNoun	swe	Midt-Frankrike	properNoun	nor
Särkiniemi	properNoun	swe	Särkiniemi	properNoun	nor
Pekkola	properNoun	swe	Pekkola	properNoun	nor
Kastelli	properNoun	swe	Kastelli	properNoun	nor
Kjærsgaard	properNoun	swe	Kjærsgaard	properNoun	nor
Fladberg	properNoun	swe	Fladberg	properNoun	nor
Marthe	properNoun	swe	Marthe	properNoun	nor
Lilla	properNoun	swe	Lilla	properNoun	nor
Puikkonen	properNoun	swe	Puikkonen	properNoun	nor
Grape	properNoun	swe	Grape	properNoun	nor
Coulthard	properNoun	swe	Coulthard	properNoun	nor
Ingman	properNoun	swe	Ingman	properNoun	nor
Lemmo	properNoun	swe	Lemmo	properNoun	nor
Cassius	properNoun	swe	Cassius	properNoun	nor
Boleyn	properNoun	swe	Boleyn	properNoun	nor
Idris	properNoun	swe	Idris	properNoun	nor
Ann-Kristin	properNoun	swe	Ann-Kristin	properNoun	nor
Kaipiainen	properNoun	swe	Kaipiainen	properNoun	nor
Kaikkonen	properNoun	swe	Kaikkonen	properNoun	nor
Ilhéus	properNoun	swe	Ilhéus	properNoun	nor
Graph	properNoun	swe	Graph	properNoun	nor
Lille	properNoun	swe	Lille	properNoun	nor
Sollihøgda	properNoun	swe	Sollihøgda	properNoun	nor
Reinholt	properNoun	swe	Reinholt	properNoun	nor
Ingmar	properNoun	swe	Ingmar	properNoun	nor
Jan-Erik	properNoun	swe	Jan-Erik	properNoun	nor
Press	properNoun	swe	Press	properNoun	nor
Kaikko	properNoun	swe	Kaikko	properNoun	nor
Jansen	properNoun	swe	Jansen	properNoun	nor
Wæring	properNoun	swe	Wæring	properNoun	nor
Treschow	properNoun	swe	Treschow	properNoun	nor
Qvist	properNoun	swe	Qvist	properNoun	nor
Puukkojohka	properNoun	swe	Puukkojohka	properNoun	nor
Rzeszów	properNoun	swe	Rzeszów	properNoun	nor
Pinomäki	properNoun	swe	Pinomäki	properNoun	nor
Norbom	properNoun	swe	Norbom	properNoun	nor
Lilli	properNoun	swe	Lilli	properNoun	nor
Patronen	properNoun	swe	Patronen	properNoun	nor
Ovidie	properNoun	swe	Ovidie	properNoun	nor
Vidnes	properNoun	swe	Vidnes	properNoun	nor
Poussu	properNoun	swe	Poussu	properNoun	nor
Hánsajávri	properNoun	swe	Hánsajávri	properNoun	nor
Evanger	properNoun	swe	Evanger	properNoun	nor
Gomera	properNoun	swe	Gomera	properNoun	nor
Petrine	properNoun	swe	Petrine	properNoun	nor
Kvitsøy	properNoun	swe	Kvitsøy	properNoun	nor
Mattinen	properNoun	swe	Mattinen	properNoun	nor
Ampliatus	properNoun	swe	Ampliatus	properNoun	nor
Vehmanen	properNoun	swe	Vehmanen	properNoun	nor
Tolkki	properNoun	swe	Tolkki	properNoun	nor
Rock	properNoun	swe	Rock	properNoun	nor
Guivvevárri	properNoun	swe	Guivvevárri	properNoun	nor
Beneluxlandene	properNoun	swe	Beneluxlandene	properNoun	nor
Countys	properNoun	swe	Countys	properNoun	nor
Kolu	properNoun	swe	Kolu	properNoun	nor
Juusela	properNoun	swe	Juusela	properNoun	nor
Koivumaa	properNoun	swe	Koivumaa	properNoun	nor
Hersoug	properNoun	swe	Hersoug	properNoun	nor
Bergsmark	properNoun	swe	Bergsmark	properNoun	nor
European	properNoun	swe	European	properNoun	nor
Ridderrennet	properNoun	swe	Ridderrennet	properNoun	nor
Jahontova	properNoun	swe	Jahontova	properNoun	nor
Heikinheimo	properNoun	swe	Heikinheimo	properNoun	nor
Margido	properNoun	swe	Margido	properNoun	nor
Nellejet	properNoun	swe	Nellejet	properNoun	nor
Sundström	properNoun	swe	Sundström	properNoun	nor
Rannveig	properNoun	swe	Rannveig	properNoun	nor
Ikäläinen	properNoun	swe	Ikäläinen	properNoun	nor
Hakola	properNoun	swe	Hakola	properNoun	nor
Aasland	properNoun	swe	Aasland	properNoun	nor
Person	properNoun	swe	Person	properNoun	nor
Leda	properNoun	swe	Leda	properNoun	nor
Nakken	properNoun	swe	Nakken	properNoun	nor
Laudrup	properNoun	swe	Laudrup	properNoun	nor
Hemmilä	properNoun	swe	Hemmilä	properNoun	nor
Narita	properNoun	swe	Narita	properNoun	nor
Kangaspunta	properNoun	swe	Kangaspunta	properNoun	nor
Hautaviita	properNoun	swe	Hautaviita	properNoun	nor
Aube	properNoun	swe	Aube	properNoun	nor
Lillehammer-OL	properNoun	swe	Lillehammer-OL	properNoun	nor
Goole	properNoun	swe	Goole	properNoun	nor
Muri	properNoun	swe	Muri	properNoun	nor
Kongsnes	properNoun	swe	Kongsnes	properNoun	nor
Gilead	properNoun	swe	Gilead	properNoun	nor
Barnabass	properNoun	swe	Barnabass	properNoun	nor
Lilly	properNoun	swe	Lilly	properNoun	nor
Huikari	properNoun	swe	Huikari	properNoun	nor
Manum	properNoun	swe	Manum	properNoun	nor
Bie	properNoun	swe	Bie	properNoun	nor
Viikki	properNoun	swe	Viikki	properNoun	nor
Patanen	properNoun	swe	Patanen	properNoun	nor
Mindanao	properNoun	swe	Mindanao	properNoun	nor
Ássá	properNoun	swe	Ássá	properNoun	nor
Judas	properNoun	swe	Judas	properNoun	nor
Big	properNoun	swe	Big	properNoun	nor
Oddvar	properNoun	swe	Oddvar	properNoun	nor
Jachwitz	properNoun	swe	Jachwitz	properNoun	nor
Vågåmo	properNoun	swe	Vågåmo	properNoun	nor
Kopervik	properNoun	swe	Kopervik	properNoun	nor
Klund	properNoun	swe	Klund	properNoun	nor
Finnmárkkolága	properNoun	swe	Finnmárkkolága	properNoun	nor
Åkre	properNoun	swe	Åkre	properNoun	nor
Såner	properNoun	swe	Såner	properNoun	nor
Byflaten	properNoun	swe	Byflaten	properNoun	nor
Bieržá	properNoun	swe	Bieržá	properNoun	nor
Wigdis	properNoun	swe	Wigdis	properNoun	nor
Mildrid	properNoun	swe	Mildrid	properNoun	nor
Rykkinn	properNoun	swe	Rykkinn	properNoun	nor
Kjøllefjord	properNoun	swe	Kjøllefjord	properNoun	nor
Rautamäki	properNoun	swe	Rautamäki	properNoun	nor
Kultti	properNoun	swe	Kultti	properNoun	nor
Kernja	properNoun	swe	Kernja	properNoun	nor
Suomalainen	properNoun	swe	Suomalainen	properNoun	nor
Máijá	properNoun	swe	Máijá	properNoun	nor
Romedal	properNoun	swe	Romedal	properNoun	nor
Algol	properNoun	swe	Algol	properNoun	nor
Valtanen	properNoun	swe	Valtanen	properNoun	nor
Rahkonen	properNoun	swe	Rahkonen	properNoun	nor
Skårer	properNoun	swe	Skårer	properNoun	nor
Ofstad	properNoun	swe	Ofstad	properNoun	nor
Lintunen	properNoun	swe	Lintunen	properNoun	nor
Koivusaari	properNoun	swe	Koivusaari	properNoun	nor
Borch	properNoun	swe	Borch	properNoun	nor
Mihkkel	properNoun	swe	Mihkkel	properNoun	nor
Frøystad	properNoun	swe	Frøystad	properNoun	nor
Hánasája	properNoun	swe	Hánasája	properNoun	nor
NHH	properNoun	swe	NHH	properNoun	nor
Vahvelainen	properNoun	swe	Vahvelainen	properNoun	nor
Nyrhilä	properNoun	swe	Nyrhilä	properNoun	nor
Bergstrøm	properNoun	swe	Bergstrøm	properNoun	nor
Dampskibsselskab	properNoun	swe	Dampskibsselskab	properNoun	nor
Strømstad	properNoun	swe	Strømstad	properNoun	nor
SALT	properNoun	swe	SALT	properNoun	nor
Årbostad	properNoun	swe	Årbostad	properNoun	nor
Asger	properNoun	swe	Asger	properNoun	nor
Amaranta	properNoun	swe	Amaranta	properNoun	nor
Ruusunen	properNoun	swe	Ruusunen	properNoun	nor
Konsta	properNoun	swe	Konsta	properNoun	nor
Bruenech	properNoun	swe	Bruenech	properNoun	nor
NHO	properNoun	swe	NHO	properNoun	nor
Vest-Beirut	properNoun	swe	Vest-Beirut	properNoun	nor
Svartskog	properNoun	swe	Svartskog	properNoun	nor
Tuohino	properNoun	swe	Tuohino	properNoun	nor
Syväoja	properNoun	swe	Syväoja	properNoun	nor
Faltin	properNoun	swe	Faltin	properNoun	nor
Bjoner	properNoun	swe	Bjoner	properNoun	nor
Pinke	properNoun	swe	Pinke	properNoun	nor
Weronica	properNoun	swe	Weronica	properNoun	nor
Elomaa	properNoun	swe	Elomaa	properNoun	nor
Guhturvággi	properNoun	swe	Guhturvággi	properNoun	nor
Malena	properNoun	swe	Malena	properNoun	nor
Nordstrøm	properNoun	swe	Nordstrøm	properNoun	nor
Konsti	properNoun	swe	Konsti	properNoun	nor
Kjølholt	properNoun	swe	Kjølholt	properNoun	nor
Lenaeatnu	properNoun	swe	Lenaeatnu	properNoun	nor
Magdalena	properNoun	swe	Magdalena	properNoun	nor
Biri	properNoun	swe	Biri	properNoun	nor
Væring	properNoun	swe	Væring	properNoun	nor
Hemingway	properNoun	swe	Hemingway	properNoun	nor
Ristiinna	properNoun	swe	Ristiinna	properNoun	nor
Vuollejalvi	properNoun	swe	Vuollejalvi	properNoun	nor
Eryx	properNoun	swe	Eryx	properNoun	nor
Birk	properNoun	swe	Birk	properNoun	nor
Malene	properNoun	swe	Malene	properNoun	nor
Myhren	properNoun	swe	Myhren	properNoun	nor
Metušael	properNoun	swe	Metušael	properNoun	nor
Herlev	properNoun	swe	Herlev	properNoun	nor
Elburs	properNoun	swe	Elburs	properNoun	nor
Eitrem	properNoun	swe	Eitrem	properNoun	nor
Magdalene	properNoun	swe	Magdalene	properNoun	nor
Kuoppa	properNoun	swe	Kuoppa	properNoun	nor
Pommern	properNoun	swe	Pommern	properNoun	nor
Lunde	properNoun	swe	Lunde	properNoun	nor
Rauum	properNoun	swe	Rauum	properNoun	nor
Makar	properNoun	swe	Makar	properNoun	nor
Dyno	properNoun	swe	Dyno	properNoun	nor
Engebretson	properNoun	swe	Engebretson	properNoun	nor
Myhrer	properNoun	swe	Myhrer	properNoun	nor
Kiuttu	properNoun	swe	Kiuttu	properNoun	nor
Hemmingsen	properNoun	swe	Hemmingsen	properNoun	nor
Pytagoras	properNoun	swe	Pytagoras	properNoun	nor
Nielikäinen	properNoun	swe	Nielikäinen	properNoun	nor
Lundh	properNoun	swe	Lundh	properNoun	nor
Helfrid	properNoun	swe	Helfrid	properNoun	nor
Eugenie	properNoun	swe	Eugenie	properNoun	nor
Ous	properNoun	swe	Ous	properNoun	nor
Thorvaldssen	properNoun	swe	Thorvaldssen	properNoun	nor
Spellemann	properNoun	swe	Spellemann	properNoun	nor
Aslak	properNoun	swe	Aslak	properNoun	nor
Eilola	properNoun	swe	Eilola	properNoun	nor
Breide	properNoun	swe	Breide	properNoun	nor
Biggejohka	properNoun	swe	Biggejohka	properNoun	nor
Piirala	properNoun	swe	Piirala	properNoun	nor
Haltbrekken	properNoun	swe	Haltbrekken	properNoun	nor
Aslam	properNoun	swe	Aslam	properNoun	nor
Sollid	properNoun	swe	Sollid	properNoun	nor
Shakespeare	properNoun	swe	Shakespeare	properNoun	nor
Babs	properNoun	swe	Babs	properNoun	nor
Sollie	properNoun	swe	Sollie	properNoun	nor
Kabelvåg	properNoun	swe	Kabelvåg	properNoun	nor
Tytti	properNoun	swe	Tytti	properNoun	nor
Raappana	properNoun	swe	Raappana	properNoun	nor
Hušam	properNoun	swe	Hušam	properNoun	nor
August	properNoun	swe	August	properNoun	nor
Aarre	properNoun	swe	Aarre	properNoun	nor
Pinky	properNoun	swe	Pinky	properNoun	nor
Tjodalyng	properNoun	swe	Tjodalyng	properNoun	nor
Päiväniemi	properNoun	swe	Päiväniemi	properNoun	nor
Oranen	properNoun	swe	Oranen	properNoun	nor
Lohelajeaggi	properNoun	swe	Lohelajeaggi	properNoun	nor
Juvik	properNoun	swe	Juvik	properNoun	nor
Anttonen	properNoun	swe	Anttonen	properNoun	nor
Sloth	properNoun	swe	Sloth	properNoun	nor
Karolius	properNoun	swe	Karolius	properNoun	nor
Elina	properNoun	swe	Elina	properNoun	nor
Rissa	properNoun	swe	Rissa	properNoun	nor
Ruponen	properNoun	swe	Ruponen	properNoun	nor
Kvalheim	properNoun	swe	Kvalheim	properNoun	nor
Aslat	properNoun	swe	Aslat	properNoun	nor
Rokka	properNoun	swe	Rokka	properNoun	nor
Piesanen	properNoun	swe	Piesanen	properNoun	nor
Ojakoski	properNoun	swe	Ojakoski	properNoun	nor
Steinar	properNoun	swe	Steinar	properNoun	nor
Ylämäki	properNoun	swe	Ylämäki	properNoun	nor
Torvikoski	properNoun	swe	Torvikoski	properNoun	nor
Sås	properNoun	swe	Sås	properNoun	nor
Rode	properNoun	swe	Rode	properNoun	nor
Klemmá	properNoun	swe	Klemmá	properNoun	nor
Eline	properNoun	swe	Eline	properNoun	nor
Schanche	properNoun	swe	Schanche	properNoun	nor
Kainu	properNoun	swe	Kainu	properNoun	nor
Martin	properNoun	swe	Martin	properNoun	nor
Stamsund	properNoun	swe	Stamsund	properNoun	nor
Lac	properNoun	swe	Lac	properNoun	nor
Søndags-VG	properNoun	swe	Søndags-VG	properNoun	nor
Hansegård	properNoun	swe	Hansegård	properNoun	nor
Janhunen	properNoun	swe	Janhunen	properNoun	nor
Sør-England	properNoun	swe	Sør-England	properNoun	nor
Kynsilehto	properNoun	swe	Kynsilehto	properNoun	nor
Geir-Arne	properNoun	swe	Geir-Arne	properNoun	nor
Meedby	properNoun	swe	Meedby	properNoun	nor
Kämäri	properNoun	swe	Kämäri	properNoun	nor
Viktoria	properNoun	swe	Viktoria	properNoun	nor
Ulvstein	properNoun	swe	Ulvstein	properNoun	nor
Komu	properNoun	swe	Komu	properNoun	nor
Kittelsson	properNoun	swe	Kittelsson	properNoun	nor
Lai	properNoun	swe	Lai	properNoun	nor
Taunus	properNoun	swe	Taunus	properNoun	nor
Mehren	properNoun	swe	Mehren	properNoun	nor
Lal	properNoun	swe	Lal	properNoun	nor
Revsnes	properNoun	swe	Revsnes	properNoun	nor
Lam	properNoun	swe	Lam	properNoun	nor
Hadar	properNoun	swe	Hadar	properNoun	nor
Tsybulsky	properNoun	swe	Tsybulsky	properNoun	nor
Junnila	properNoun	swe	Junnila	properNoun	nor
Club	properNoun	swe	Club	properNoun	nor
Tarmo	properNoun	swe	Tarmo	properNoun	nor
Márget	properNoun	swe	Márget	properNoun	nor
Sussex	properNoun	swe	Sussex	properNoun	nor
Hemmojávri	properNoun	swe	Hemmojávri	properNoun	nor
Multanen	properNoun	swe	Multanen	properNoun	nor
Tandseter	properNoun	swe	Tandseter	properNoun	nor
Sandstø	properNoun	swe	Sandstø	properNoun	nor
Alaranta	properNoun	swe	Alaranta	properNoun	nor
Sandskje	properNoun	swe	Sandskje	properNoun	nor
Las	properNoun	swe	Las	properNoun	nor
Sofus	properNoun	swe	Sofus	properNoun	nor
Remi	properNoun	swe	Remi	properNoun	nor
Tankka	properNoun	swe	Tankka	properNoun	nor
Laiti	properNoun	swe	Laiti	properNoun	nor
Rastas	properNoun	swe	Rastas	properNoun	nor
Law	properNoun	swe	Law	properNoun	nor
Šuah	properNoun	swe	Šuah	properNoun	nor
Charlottenberg	properNoun	swe	Charlottenberg	properNoun	nor
Alfredsson	properNoun	swe	Alfredsson	properNoun	nor
Selje	properNoun	swe	Selje	properNoun	nor
Nelimarkka	properNoun	swe	Nelimarkka	properNoun	nor
Mantova	properNoun	swe	Mantova	properNoun	nor
Folmer	properNoun	swe	Folmer	properNoun	nor
Sjusjøen	properNoun	swe	Sjusjøen	properNoun	nor
Leem	properNoun	swe	Leem	properNoun	nor
Vivi-Ann	properNoun	swe	Vivi-Ann	properNoun	nor
Solbakken	properNoun	swe	Solbakken	properNoun	nor
Torppa	properNoun	swe	Torppa	properNoun	nor
Hasvold	properNoun	swe	Hasvold	properNoun	nor
Guhtor	properNoun	swe	Guhtor	properNoun	nor
Creuse	properNoun	swe	Creuse	properNoun	nor
Ábočielgi	properNoun	swe	Ábočielgi	properNoun	nor
Bierna	properNoun	swe	Bierna	properNoun	nor
Bolette	properNoun	swe	Bolette	properNoun	nor
Wilsgaard	properNoun	swe	Wilsgaard	properNoun	nor
Undlien	properNoun	swe	Undlien	properNoun	nor
Lyssand	properNoun	swe	Lyssand	properNoun	nor
Rankama	properNoun	swe	Rankama	properNoun	nor
Leer	properNoun	swe	Leer	properNoun	nor
Heinäaho	properNoun	swe	Heinäaho	properNoun	nor
Yme	properNoun	swe	Yme	properNoun	nor
Jovnnajeaggi	properNoun	swe	Jovnnajeaggi	properNoun	nor
Babelthuap	properNoun	swe	Babelthuap	properNoun	nor
Åsa-Tor	properNoun	swe	Åsa-Tor	properNoun	nor
Klubbukt	properNoun	swe	Klubbukt	properNoun	nor
Riyadh	properNoun	swe	Riyadh	properNoun	nor
Tommola	properNoun	swe	Tommola	properNoun	nor
Myrvold	properNoun	swe	Myrvold	properNoun	nor
Helmuth	properNoun	swe	Helmuth	properNoun	nor
Hennung	properNoun	swe	Hennung	properNoun	nor
NIF	properNoun	swe	NIF	properNoun	nor
Särkijärvi	properNoun	swe	Särkijärvi	properNoun	nor
Mæcenas	properNoun	swe	Mæcenas	properNoun	nor
Lorensen	properNoun	swe	Lorensen	properNoun	nor
Bordi	properNoun	swe	Bordi	properNoun	nor
Vest-Sibir	properNoun	swe	Vest-Sibir	properNoun	nor
Arneson	properNoun	swe	Arneson	properNoun	nor
Saverne	properNoun	swe	Saverne	properNoun	nor
Kallunki	properNoun	swe	Kallunki	properNoun	nor
First	properNoun	swe	First	properNoun	nor
Heltne	properNoun	swe	Heltne	properNoun	nor
Tabita	properNoun	swe	Tabita	properNoun	nor
Vadsø	properNoun	swe	Vadsø	properNoun	nor
NIH	properNoun	swe	NIH	properNoun	nor
Omholt	properNoun	swe	Omholt	properNoun	nor
Langum	properNoun	swe	Langum	properNoun	nor
Remy	properNoun	swe	Remy	properNoun	nor
Koivikko	properNoun	swe	Koivikko	properNoun	nor
Galle	properNoun	swe	Galle	properNoun	nor
Børstad	properNoun	swe	Børstad	properNoun	nor
Myrdal	properNoun	swe	Myrdal	properNoun	nor
Guatemala	properNoun	swe	Guatemala	properNoun	nor
Shields	properNoun	swe	Shields	properNoun	nor
Frederiksberg	properNoun	swe	Frederiksberg	properNoun	nor
Labour	properNoun	swe	Labour	properNoun	nor
Maroni	properNoun	swe	Maroni	properNoun	nor
Henrichsen	properNoun	swe	Henrichsen	properNoun	nor
Vladimir	properNoun	swe	Vladimir	properNoun	nor
Lundgren	properNoun	swe	Lundgren	properNoun	nor
Krokvann	properNoun	swe	Krokvann	properNoun	nor
Lennon	properNoun	swe	Lennon	properNoun	nor
Torvastad	properNoun	swe	Torvastad	properNoun	nor
Truelsen	properNoun	swe	Truelsen	properNoun	nor
Muukka	properNoun	swe	Muukka	properNoun	nor
Holkko	properNoun	swe	Holkko	properNoun	nor
Bakken	properNoun	swe	Bakken	properNoun	nor
Tuuva	properNoun	swe	Tuuva	properNoun	nor
Ove	properNoun	swe	Ove	properNoun	nor
Totland	properNoun	swe	Totland	properNoun	nor
Garborg	properNoun	swe	Garborg	properNoun	nor
Sommervold	properNoun	swe	Sommervold	properNoun	nor
Luotokorpi	properNoun	swe	Luotokorpi	properNoun	nor
Peuraniemi	properNoun	swe	Peuraniemi	properNoun	nor
Bakker	properNoun	swe	Bakker	properNoun	nor
Siponen	properNoun	swe	Siponen	properNoun	nor
Rossinen	properNoun	swe	Rossinen	properNoun	nor
Willenfeldt	properNoun	swe	Willenfeldt	properNoun	nor
Svarthol	properNoun	swe	Svarthol	properNoun	nor
Nash	properNoun	swe	Nash	properNoun	nor
Torbjørnson	properNoun	swe	Torbjørnson	properNoun	nor
Walbom	properNoun	swe	Walbom	properNoun	nor
Kalkinn	properNoun	swe	Kalkinn	properNoun	nor
Røa	properNoun	swe	Røa	properNoun	nor
Stoltenberg	properNoun	swe	Stoltenberg	properNoun	nor
Siippainen	properNoun	swe	Siippainen	properNoun	nor
Bisk	properNoun	swe	Bisk	properNoun	nor
Bach	properNoun	swe	Bach	properNoun	nor
Works	properNoun	swe	Works	properNoun	nor
Akujärvi	properNoun	swe	Akujärvi	properNoun	nor
Wiesbaden	properNoun	swe	Wiesbaden	properNoun	nor
Rød	properNoun	swe	Rød	properNoun	nor
Ljan	properNoun	swe	Ljan	properNoun	nor
Hurrød	properNoun	swe	Hurrød	properNoun	nor
Kathinka	properNoun	swe	Kathinka	properNoun	nor
Kaalund	properNoun	swe	Kaalund	properNoun	nor
Astri	properNoun	swe	Astri	properNoun	nor
Røe	properNoun	swe	Røe	properNoun	nor
Varangerbotn	properNoun	swe	Varangerbotn	properNoun	nor
Wohti	properNoun	swe	Wohti	properNoun	nor
Havanna	properNoun	swe	Havanna	properNoun	nor
Muuriaisniemi	properNoun	swe	Muuriaisniemi	properNoun	nor
Havik	properNoun	swe	Havik	properNoun	nor
Harborg	properNoun	swe	Harborg	properNoun	nor
Vigo	properNoun	swe	Vigo	properNoun	nor
Torulf	properNoun	swe	Torulf	properNoun	nor
Mallajohka	properNoun	swe	Mallajohka	properNoun	nor
Rolsdorph	properNoun	swe	Rolsdorph	properNoun	nor
Hieta	properNoun	swe	Hieta	properNoun	nor
Karhumaa	properNoun	swe	Karhumaa	properNoun	nor
Burson-Marsteller	properNoun	swe	Burson-Marsteller	properNoun	nor
Schønberg	properNoun	swe	Schønberg	properNoun	nor
Partapuoli	properNoun	swe	Partapuoli	properNoun	nor
Hexeberg	properNoun	swe	Hexeberg	properNoun	nor
Maaki	properNoun	swe	Maaki	properNoun	nor
Aleksandar	properNoun	swe	Aleksandar	properNoun	nor
Røn	properNoun	swe	Røn	properNoun	nor
Niskakoski	properNoun	swe	Niskakoski	properNoun	nor
Myren	properNoun	swe	Myren	properNoun	nor
Antila	properNoun	swe	Antila	properNoun	nor
Helmerssen	properNoun	swe	Helmerssen	properNoun	nor
Huitfeldt	properNoun	swe	Huitfeldt	properNoun	nor
Olavssen	properNoun	swe	Olavssen	properNoun	nor
Tammerfors	properNoun	swe	Tammerfors	properNoun	nor
Monika	properNoun	swe	Monika	properNoun	nor
Bjørnskinn	properNoun	swe	Bjørnskinn	properNoun	nor
Bernt-Erik	properNoun	swe	Bernt-Erik	properNoun	nor
Sunnaas	properNoun	swe	Sunnaas	properNoun	nor
Kanervisto	properNoun	swe	Kanervisto	properNoun	nor
Hannola	properNoun	swe	Hannola	properNoun	nor
Evripides	properNoun	swe	Evripides	properNoun	nor
Mikkel	properNoun	swe	Mikkel	properNoun	nor
Janet	properNoun	swe	Janet	properNoun	nor
Hirvonen	properNoun	swe	Hirvonen	properNoun	nor
Preus	properNoun	swe	Preus	properNoun	nor
Røv	properNoun	swe	Røv	properNoun	nor
Skogerøya	properNoun	swe	Skogerøya	properNoun	nor
Concalves	properNoun	swe	Concalves	properNoun	nor
Lorents	properNoun	swe	Lorents	properNoun	nor
Glomfjord	properNoun	swe	Glomfjord	properNoun	nor
Rawdna	properNoun	swe	Rawdna	properNoun	nor
Päivinen	properNoun	swe	Päivinen	properNoun	nor
Angélique	properNoun	swe	Angélique	properNoun	nor
Jonassen	properNoun	swe	Jonassen	properNoun	nor
Multisilta	properNoun	swe	Multisilta	properNoun	nor
Berggraf	properNoun	swe	Berggraf	properNoun	nor
Abram	properNoun	swe	Abram	properNoun	nor
Martinuson	properNoun	swe	Martinuson	properNoun	nor
Valkjärvi	properNoun	swe	Valkjärvi	properNoun	nor
Smørstad	properNoun	swe	Smørstad	properNoun	nor
Hanhela	properNoun	swe	Hanhela	properNoun	nor
Martinkauppi	properNoun	swe	Martinkauppi	properNoun	nor
Jokelainen	properNoun	swe	Jokelainen	properNoun	nor
Lorentz	properNoun	swe	Lorentz	properNoun	nor
Roen	properNoun	swe	Roen	properNoun	nor
Korkeaniemi	properNoun	swe	Korkeaniemi	properNoun	nor
Artemis	properNoun	swe	Artemis	properNoun	nor
Töyry	properNoun	swe	Töyry	properNoun	nor
Sundstrøm	properNoun	swe	Sundstrøm	properNoun	nor
Risto	properNoun	swe	Risto	properNoun	nor
Kaarlo	properNoun	swe	Kaarlo	properNoun	nor
Tro	properNoun	swe	Tro	properNoun	nor
Kjellrun	properNoun	swe	Kjellrun	properNoun	nor
Rena	properNoun	swe	Rena	properNoun	nor
Færen	properNoun	swe	Færen	properNoun	nor
Tjeldvold	properNoun	swe	Tjeldvold	properNoun	nor
Nelaug	properNoun	swe	Nelaug	properNoun	nor
Marthinssen	properNoun	swe	Marthinssen	properNoun	nor
Hægstad	properNoun	swe	Hægstad	properNoun	nor
L'Oiseau	properNoun	swe	L'Oiseau	properNoun	nor
Eliot	properNoun	swe	Eliot	properNoun	nor
Bolton	properNoun	swe	Bolton	properNoun	nor
Vicky	properNoun	swe	Vicky	properNoun	nor
Rene	properNoun	swe	Rene	properNoun	nor
Rauhaniemi	properNoun	swe	Rauhaniemi	properNoun	nor
Matzon	properNoun	swe	Matzon	properNoun	nor
Brydegaard	properNoun	swe	Brydegaard	properNoun	nor
Kverneland	properNoun	swe	Kverneland	properNoun	nor
Pasvikelva	properNoun	swe	Pasvikelva	properNoun	nor
Audi	properNoun	swe	Audi	properNoun	nor
Ylioja	properNoun	swe	Ylioja	properNoun	nor
Ervasti	properNoun	swe	Ervasti	properNoun	nor
Pietola	properNoun	swe	Pietola	properNoun	nor
Jensrud	properNoun	swe	Jensrud	properNoun	nor
Ebdrup	properNoun	swe	Ebdrup	properNoun	nor
Bojsen	properNoun	swe	Bojsen	properNoun	nor
Berggrav	properNoun	swe	Berggrav	properNoun	nor
Rønning	properNoun	swe	Rønning	properNoun	nor
Rishaug	properNoun	swe	Rishaug	properNoun	nor
Haverinen	properNoun	swe	Haverinen	properNoun	nor
Alkula	properNoun	swe	Alkula	properNoun	nor
Awards	properNoun	swe	Awards	properNoun	nor
Torsnes	properNoun	swe	Torsnes	properNoun	nor
Tonteri	properNoun	swe	Tonteri	properNoun	nor
Suonvieri	properNoun	swe	Suonvieri	properNoun	nor
Naumanen	properNoun	swe	Naumanen	properNoun	nor
OBOS	properNoun	swe	OBOS	properNoun	nor
Ruppa	properNoun	swe	Ruppa	properNoun	nor
Mikaelsson	properNoun	swe	Mikaelsson	properNoun	nor
Inez	properNoun	swe	Inez	properNoun	nor
Hillary	properNoun	swe	Hillary	properNoun	nor
Warloe	properNoun	swe	Warloe	properNoun	nor
Hirvilammi	properNoun	swe	Hirvilammi	properNoun	nor
Aronen	properNoun	swe	Aronen	properNoun	nor
Jekonja	properNoun	swe	Jekonja	properNoun	nor
Nordbanken	properNoun	swe	Nordbanken	properNoun	nor
Varangerhalvøya	properNoun	swe	Varangerhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Kaipio	properNoun	swe	Kaipio	properNoun	nor
Svensen	properNoun	swe	Svensen	properNoun	nor
Størmer	properNoun	swe	Størmer	properNoun	nor
Steinlien	properNoun	swe	Steinlien	properNoun	nor
Kejonen	properNoun	swe	Kejonen	properNoun	nor
Scud	properNoun	swe	Scud	properNoun	nor
Bolstad	properNoun	swe	Bolstad	properNoun	nor
Janeiro	properNoun	swe	Janeiro	properNoun	nor
Hurdalssjøen	properNoun	swe	Hurdalssjøen	properNoun	nor
Inkermarja	properNoun	swe	Inkermarja	properNoun	nor
Lehti	properNoun	swe	Lehti	properNoun	nor
Lautanen	properNoun	swe	Lautanen	properNoun	nor
Rahko	properNoun	swe	Rahko	properNoun	nor
Mártevárri	properNoun	swe	Mártevárri	properNoun	nor
Falewitch	properNoun	swe	Falewitch	properNoun	nor
Frid	properNoun	swe	Frid	properNoun	nor
Nidelva	properNoun	swe	Nidelva	properNoun	nor
Isai	properNoun	swe	Isai	properNoun	nor
World	properNoun	swe	World	properNoun	nor
Marjaniemi	properNoun	swe	Marjaniemi	properNoun	nor
Isaj	properNoun	swe	Isaj	properNoun	nor
Lehto	properNoun	swe	Lehto	properNoun	nor
Villebáiki	properNoun	swe	Villebáiki	properNoun	nor
Isak	properNoun	swe	Isak	properNoun	nor
Ulsteinvik	properNoun	swe	Ulsteinvik	properNoun	nor
Weser	properNoun	swe	Weser	properNoun	nor
Losvar	properNoun	swe	Losvar	properNoun	nor
Atene	properNoun	swe	Atene	properNoun	nor
Løye	properNoun	swe	Løye	properNoun	nor
Ramsvik	properNoun	swe	Ramsvik	properNoun	nor
Ernst	properNoun	swe	Ernst	properNoun	nor
Slåen	properNoun	swe	Slåen	properNoun	nor
Flaen	properNoun	swe	Flaen	properNoun	nor
Korneliuson	properNoun	swe	Korneliuson	properNoun	nor
Vataja	properNoun	swe	Vataja	properNoun	nor
Owe	properNoun	swe	Owe	properNoun	nor
Kodak	properNoun	swe	Kodak	properNoun	nor
Maritha	properNoun	swe	Maritha	properNoun	nor
Nissedal	properNoun	swe	Nissedal	properNoun	nor
Opsahl	properNoun	swe	Opsahl	properNoun	nor
Andebu	properNoun	swe	Andebu	properNoun	nor
Permanto	properNoun	swe	Permanto	properNoun	nor
Karvonen	properNoun	swe	Karvonen	properNoun	nor
Randaberg	properNoun	swe	Randaberg	properNoun	nor
Prydz	properNoun	swe	Prydz	properNoun	nor
Hammerfeasta	properNoun	swe	Hammerfeasta	properNoun	nor
Perttilä	properNoun	swe	Perttilä	properNoun	nor
Parades	properNoun	swe	Parades	properNoun	nor
Biti	properNoun	swe	Biti	properNoun	nor
Ankersen	properNoun	swe	Ankersen	properNoun	nor
Lundby	properNoun	swe	Lundby	properNoun	nor
Mary-Ann	properNoun	swe	Mary-Ann	properNoun	nor
Ylitalo	properNoun	swe	Ylitalo	properNoun	nor
Tamsi	properNoun	swe	Tamsi	properNoun	nor
Paula	properNoun	swe	Paula	properNoun	nor
Kadhafi	properNoun	swe	Kadhafi	properNoun	nor
Hall	properNoun	swe	Hall	properNoun	nor
Alvheim	properNoun	swe	Alvheim	properNoun	nor
Haraldsson	properNoun	swe	Haraldsson	properNoun	nor
Väkiparta	properNoun	swe	Väkiparta	properNoun	nor
Ahlgreen	properNoun	swe	Ahlgreen	properNoun	nor
Qvive	properNoun	swe	Qvive	properNoun	nor
Orange	properNoun	swe	Orange	properNoun	nor
Mávnnosčahca	properNoun	swe	Mávnnosčahca	properNoun	nor
Putten	properNoun	swe	Putten	properNoun	nor
Kalliomaa	properNoun	swe	Kalliomaa	properNoun	nor
Ihalainen	properNoun	swe	Ihalainen	properNoun	nor
Quirinus	properNoun	swe	Quirinus	properNoun	nor
Kolseth	properNoun	swe	Kolseth	properNoun	nor
Kiljunen	properNoun	swe	Kiljunen	properNoun	nor
Pauli	properNoun	swe	Pauli	properNoun	nor
Spain	properNoun	swe	Spain	properNoun	nor
Hoppula	properNoun	swe	Hoppula	properNoun	nor
Hals	properNoun	swe	Hals	properNoun	nor
Frisch	properNoun	swe	Frisch	properNoun	nor
Liimatainen	properNoun	swe	Liimatainen	properNoun	nor
Imandra	properNoun	swe	Imandra	properNoun	nor
Bahamas	properNoun	swe	Bahamas	properNoun	nor
Halsa	properNoun	swe	Halsa	properNoun	nor
Stuguflåten	properNoun	swe	Stuguflåten	properNoun	nor
Ann-Mari	properNoun	swe	Ann-Mari	properNoun	nor
Urias	properNoun	swe	Urias	properNoun	nor
Paulo	properNoun	swe	Paulo	properNoun	nor
Lähdemäki	properNoun	swe	Lähdemäki	properNoun	nor
Kantoniemi	properNoun	swe	Kantoniemi	properNoun	nor
Halse	properNoun	swe	Halse	properNoun	nor
Lucullus	properNoun	swe	Lucullus	properNoun	nor
Aleksandera	properNoun	swe	Aleksandera	properNoun	nor
Frisco	properNoun	swe	Frisco	properNoun	nor
Yorkshire	properNoun	swe	Yorkshire	properNoun	nor
Laurantzon	properNoun	swe	Laurantzon	properNoun	nor
Halmesmäki	properNoun	swe	Halmesmäki	properNoun	nor
Halliday	properNoun	swe	Halliday	properNoun	nor
Hindseter	properNoun	swe	Hindseter	properNoun	nor
Ellonen	properNoun	swe	Ellonen	properNoun	nor
Apis	properNoun	swe	Apis	properNoun	nor
Jahnsson	properNoun	swe	Jahnsson	properNoun	nor
IOC	properNoun	swe	IOC	properNoun	nor
Tasanen	properNoun	swe	Tasanen	properNoun	nor
Hietaoja	properNoun	swe	Hietaoja	properNoun	nor
Stofeleahtta	properNoun	swe	Stofeleahtta	properNoun	nor
SFT	properNoun	swe	SFT	properNoun	nor
Horppu	properNoun	swe	Horppu	properNoun	nor
Aasebø	properNoun	swe	Aasebø	properNoun	nor
Tinnsjøen	properNoun	swe	Tinnsjøen	properNoun	nor
Signora	properNoun	swe	Signora	properNoun	nor
Opperstad	properNoun	swe	Opperstad	properNoun	nor
Uffe	properNoun	swe	Uffe	properNoun	nor
Bekkelund	properNoun	swe	Bekkelund	properNoun	nor
Stokken	properNoun	swe	Stokken	properNoun	nor
Aristoteles	properNoun	swe	Aristoteles	properNoun	nor
Onni	properNoun	swe	Onni	properNoun	nor
Pekkarinen	properNoun	swe	Pekkarinen	properNoun	nor
Keinänen	properNoun	swe	Keinänen	properNoun	nor
Kasbek	properNoun	swe	Kasbek	properNoun	nor
togliatti	properNoun	swe	togliatti	properNoun	nor
Vähäsalo	properNoun	swe	Vähäsalo	properNoun	nor
Ulsåk	properNoun	swe	Ulsåk	properNoun	nor
Stokland	properNoun	swe	Stokland	properNoun	nor
Dortea	properNoun	swe	Dortea	properNoun	nor
Svarstad	properNoun	swe	Svarstad	properNoun	nor
Skulstad	properNoun	swe	Skulstad	properNoun	nor
Turkova	properNoun	swe	Turkova	properNoun	nor
Hoffman	properNoun	swe	Hoffman	properNoun	nor
Båteng	properNoun	swe	Båteng	properNoun	nor
Gáddjágielas	properNoun	swe	Gáddjágielas	properNoun	nor
Piira	properNoun	swe	Piira	properNoun	nor
Didrichsen	properNoun	swe	Didrichsen	properNoun	nor
Teseus	properNoun	swe	Teseus	properNoun	nor
Mathias	properNoun	swe	Mathias	properNoun	nor
Raften	properNoun	swe	Raften	properNoun	nor
Huhtamäki	properNoun	swe	Huhtamäki	properNoun	nor
Glasgow	properNoun	swe	Glasgow	properNoun	nor
Ulven	properNoun	swe	Ulven	properNoun	nor
Rouvinen	properNoun	swe	Rouvinen	properNoun	nor
Hårek	properNoun	swe	Hårek	properNoun	nor
Räkköläinen	properNoun	swe	Räkköläinen	properNoun	nor
Nupponen	properNoun	swe	Nupponen	properNoun	nor
Gugge	properNoun	swe	Gugge	properNoun	nor
Onarheim	properNoun	swe	Onarheim	properNoun	nor
Länsmann	properNoun	swe	Länsmann	properNoun	nor
Sinkko	properNoun	swe	Sinkko	properNoun	nor
Gnučeva	properNoun	swe	Gnučeva	properNoun	nor
Hartmann	properNoun	swe	Hartmann	properNoun	nor
Fredericia	properNoun	swe	Fredericia	properNoun	nor
Suldalsosen	properNoun	swe	Suldalsosen	properNoun	nor
Selle	properNoun	swe	Selle	properNoun	nor
Kolgrov	properNoun	swe	Kolgrov	properNoun	nor
Pälvi	properNoun	swe	Pälvi	properNoun	nor
Fátmie	properNoun	swe	Fátmie	properNoun	nor
Aksjonov	properNoun	swe	Aksjonov	properNoun	nor
Huppunen	properNoun	swe	Huppunen	properNoun	nor
Jerah	properNoun	swe	Jerah	properNoun	nor
Siljan	properNoun	swe	Siljan	properNoun	nor
Engel	properNoun	swe	Engel	properNoun	nor
Stensaas	properNoun	swe	Stensaas	properNoun	nor
Plum	properNoun	swe	Plum	properNoun	nor
Mákkásavu	properNoun	swe	Mákkásavu	properNoun	nor
Laivo	properNoun	swe	Laivo	properNoun	nor
Sammu	properNoun	swe	Sammu	properNoun	nor
Kryseis	properNoun	swe	Kryseis	properNoun	nor
Takahara	properNoun	swe	Takahara	properNoun	nor
Engen	properNoun	swe	Engen	properNoun	nor
Svingeng	properNoun	swe	Svingeng	properNoun	nor
Auer	properNoun	swe	Auer	properNoun	nor
Ikonen	properNoun	swe	Ikonen	properNoun	nor
Bender	properNoun	swe	Bender	properNoun	nor
Akababukta	properNoun	swe	Akababukta	properNoun	nor
Kokstad	properNoun	swe	Kokstad	properNoun	nor
Enger	properNoun	swe	Enger	properNoun	nor
Galkina	properNoun	swe	Galkina	properNoun	nor
Salomonssen	properNoun	swe	Salomonssen	properNoun	nor
Raanaas	properNoun	swe	Raanaas	properNoun	nor
Longford	properNoun	swe	Longford	properNoun	nor
Niemiaho	properNoun	swe	Niemiaho	properNoun	nor
Meppen	properNoun	swe	Meppen	properNoun	nor
Säteri	properNoun	swe	Säteri	properNoun	nor
Polock	properNoun	swe	Polock	properNoun	nor
Hynynen	properNoun	swe	Hynynen	properNoun	nor
Nysæther	properNoun	swe	Nysæther	properNoun	nor
Barnabas	properNoun	swe	Barnabas	properNoun	nor
NKL	properNoun	swe	NKL	properNoun	nor
Ylilammi	properNoun	swe	Ylilammi	properNoun	nor
Häkkinen	properNoun	swe	Häkkinen	properNoun	nor
Mathis	properNoun	swe	Mathis	properNoun	nor
Frank	properNoun	swe	Frank	properNoun	nor
Belinda	properNoun	swe	Belinda	properNoun	nor
Øresund	properNoun	swe	Øresund	properNoun	nor
Groningen	properNoun	swe	Groningen	properNoun	nor
Central	properNoun	swe	Central	properNoun	nor
Suvela	properNoun	swe	Suvela	properNoun	nor
Ollila	properNoun	swe	Ollila	properNoun	nor
Kallonen	properNoun	swe	Kallonen	properNoun	nor
Strindberg	properNoun	swe	Strindberg	properNoun	nor
NKP	properNoun	swe	NKP	properNoun	nor
Sturtevant	properNoun	swe	Sturtevant	properNoun	nor
Pohjasjeakkejávri	properNoun	swe	Pohjasjeakkejávri	properNoun	nor
Matilde	properNoun	swe	Matilde	properNoun	nor
Oxe	properNoun	swe	Oxe	properNoun	nor
Jåtten	properNoun	swe	Jåtten	properNoun	nor
Eveliina	properNoun	swe	Eveliina	properNoun	nor
Eskelinen	properNoun	swe	Eskelinen	properNoun	nor
Toivoniemi	properNoun	swe	Toivoniemi	properNoun	nor
Oise	properNoun	swe	Oise	properNoun	nor
Narvestad	properNoun	swe	Narvestad	properNoun	nor
Håverstad	properNoun	swe	Håverstad	properNoun	nor
Engelssen	properNoun	swe	Engelssen	properNoun	nor
Lemmetyinen	properNoun	swe	Lemmetyinen	properNoun	nor
Frans	properNoun	swe	Frans	properNoun	nor
Sario	properNoun	swe	Sario	properNoun	nor
Larsson	properNoun	swe	Larsson	properNoun	nor
Haldorssen	properNoun	swe	Haldorssen	properNoun	nor
Fogelberg	properNoun	swe	Fogelberg	properNoun	nor
Alver	properNoun	swe	Alver	properNoun	nor
Sikku	properNoun	swe	Sikku	properNoun	nor
Nesoddtangen	properNoun	swe	Nesoddtangen	properNoun	nor
Halvorsson	properNoun	swe	Halvorsson	properNoun	nor
Hirsch	properNoun	swe	Hirsch	properNoun	nor
Georgius	properNoun	swe	Georgius	properNoun	nor
Terjessen	properNoun	swe	Terjessen	properNoun	nor
Mildri	properNoun	swe	Mildri	properNoun	nor
Stafsnes	properNoun	swe	Stafsnes	properNoun	nor
Mollestad	properNoun	swe	Mollestad	properNoun	nor
Viik	properNoun	swe	Viik	properNoun	nor
Franz	properNoun	swe	Franz	properNoun	nor
Franklin	properNoun	swe	Franklin	properNoun	nor
Gallegos	properNoun	swe	Gallegos	properNoun	nor
Törhönen	properNoun	swe	Törhönen	properNoun	nor
Raivonen	properNoun	swe	Raivonen	properNoun	nor
Sigurdsson	properNoun	swe	Sigurdsson	properNoun	nor
Silvanus	properNoun	swe	Silvanus	properNoun	nor
Ahvenniemi	properNoun	swe	Ahvenniemi	properNoun	nor
Viio	properNoun	swe	Viio	properNoun	nor
Hiroshi	properNoun	swe	Hiroshi	properNoun	nor
Bertelson	properNoun	swe	Bertelson	properNoun	nor
Lehtilä	properNoun	swe	Lehtilä	properNoun	nor
Hjortspring	properNoun	swe	Hjortspring	properNoun	nor
Lehtimaa	properNoun	swe	Lehtimaa	properNoun	nor
Baer	properNoun	swe	Baer	properNoun	nor
Pentte	properNoun	swe	Pentte	properNoun	nor
Alfiva	properNoun	swe	Alfiva	properNoun	nor
Laitanen	properNoun	swe	Laitanen	properNoun	nor
Høilund	properNoun	swe	Høilund	properNoun	nor
Vigrestad	properNoun	swe	Vigrestad	properNoun	nor
Løvstad	properNoun	swe	Løvstad	properNoun	nor
Vauhkonen	properNoun	swe	Vauhkonen	properNoun	nor
Teilmann	properNoun	swe	Teilmann	properNoun	nor
Rusten	properNoun	swe	Rusten	properNoun	nor
Ruikkaája	properNoun	swe	Ruikkaája	properNoun	nor
Nukari	properNoun	swe	Nukari	properNoun	nor
Isane	properNoun	swe	Isane	properNoun	nor
Pentti	properNoun	swe	Pentti	properNoun	nor
Laitio	properNoun	swe	Laitio	properNoun	nor
Torunn	properNoun	swe	Torunn	properNoun	nor
Grath	properNoun	swe	Grath	properNoun	nor
Rouen	properNoun	swe	Rouen	properNoun	nor
Juupaluoma	properNoun	swe	Juupaluoma	properNoun	nor
Strømmen	properNoun	swe	Strømmen	properNoun	nor
Savela	properNoun	swe	Savela	properNoun	nor
Tvinne	properNoun	swe	Tvinne	properNoun	nor
Sarjanen	properNoun	swe	Sarjanen	properNoun	nor
Wenke	properNoun	swe	Wenke	properNoun	nor
Lydolf	properNoun	swe	Lydolf	properNoun	nor
Káre	properNoun	swe	Káre	properNoun	nor
Inga	properNoun	swe	Inga	properNoun	nor
Schancke	properNoun	swe	Schancke	properNoun	nor
Langsted	properNoun	swe	Langsted	properNoun	nor
Inger-marie	properNoun	swe	Inger-marie	properNoun	nor
Machiavelli	properNoun	swe	Machiavelli	properNoun	nor
Hallikainen	properNoun	swe	Hallikainen	properNoun	nor
Aarum	properNoun	swe	Aarum	properNoun	nor
Bjørghild	properNoun	swe	Bjørghild	properNoun	nor
Røldal	properNoun	swe	Røldal	properNoun	nor
Church	properNoun	swe	Church	properNoun	nor
Tokyo	properNoun	swe	Tokyo	properNoun	nor
Mäkirinne	properNoun	swe	Mäkirinne	properNoun	nor
Källi	properNoun	swe	Källi	properNoun	nor
Gutvik	properNoun	swe	Gutvik	properNoun	nor
Inge	properNoun	swe	Inge	properNoun	nor
Jortikka	properNoun	swe	Jortikka	properNoun	nor
Riepula	properNoun	swe	Riepula	properNoun	nor
Kaijansinkko	properNoun	swe	Kaijansinkko	properNoun	nor
Toulon	properNoun	swe	Toulon	properNoun	nor
Savimäki	properNoun	swe	Savimäki	properNoun	nor
Nikolai	properNoun	swe	Nikolai	properNoun	nor
Diotrefes	properNoun	swe	Diotrefes	properNoun	nor
Selvaag	properNoun	swe	Selvaag	properNoun	nor
Havunen	properNoun	swe	Havunen	properNoun	nor
Nikolaj	properNoun	swe	Nikolaj	properNoun	nor
Mountains	properNoun	swe	Mountains	properNoun	nor
Jordaneanus	properNoun	swe	Jordaneanus	properNoun	nor
Sagstad	properNoun	swe	Sagstad	properNoun	nor
Kvæven	properNoun	swe	Kvæven	properNoun	nor
Järvensivu	properNoun	swe	Järvensivu	properNoun	nor
Balkanhalvøya	properNoun	swe	Balkanhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Rytky	properNoun	swe	Rytky	properNoun	nor
Mitsubishi	properNoun	swe	Mitsubishi	properNoun	nor
Haapio	properNoun	swe	Haapio	properNoun	nor
Ingo	properNoun	swe	Ingo	properNoun	nor
Vespasian	properNoun	swe	Vespasian	properNoun	nor
Bajkalsjøen	properNoun	swe	Bajkalsjøen	properNoun	nor
Ontario	properNoun	swe	Ontario	properNoun	nor
Roosendaal	properNoun	swe	Roosendaal	properNoun	nor
Bristol	properNoun	swe	Bristol	properNoun	nor
Guni	properNoun	swe	Guni	properNoun	nor
Selma	properNoun	swe	Selma	properNoun	nor
Sassari	properNoun	swe	Sassari	properNoun	nor
Årnes	properNoun	swe	Årnes	properNoun	nor
Follestad	properNoun	swe	Follestad	properNoun	nor
Oleif	properNoun	swe	Oleif	properNoun	nor
Anderson	properNoun	swe	Anderson	properNoun	nor
Mönttinen	properNoun	swe	Mönttinen	properNoun	nor
Marvold	properNoun	swe	Marvold	properNoun	nor
Veijo	properNoun	swe	Veijo	properNoun	nor
Nakari	properNoun	swe	Nakari	properNoun	nor
Gunn	properNoun	swe	Gunn	properNoun	nor
Aronssen	properNoun	swe	Aronssen	properNoun	nor
Biggejávri	properNoun	swe	Biggejávri	properNoun	nor
Porola	properNoun	swe	Porola	properNoun	nor
Stirling	properNoun	swe	Stirling	properNoun	nor
Lehn	properNoun	swe	Lehn	properNoun	nor
Repo	properNoun	swe	Repo	properNoun	nor
Juhá	properNoun	swe	Juhá	properNoun	nor
Arnfin	properNoun	swe	Arnfin	properNoun	nor
Skogheim	properNoun	swe	Skogheim	properNoun	nor
Guivvenjoaski	properNoun	swe	Guivvenjoaski	properNoun	nor
Säilä	properNoun	swe	Säilä	properNoun	nor
Steel	properNoun	swe	Steel	properNoun	nor
Nymfas	properNoun	swe	Nymfas	properNoun	nor
Øyheim	properNoun	swe	Øyheim	properNoun	nor
Beahkká	properNoun	swe	Beahkká	properNoun	nor
Snåsa	properNoun	swe	Snåsa	properNoun	nor
Mákkágálgojávri	properNoun	swe	Mákkágálgojávri	properNoun	nor
Steen	properNoun	swe	Steen	properNoun	nor
Borge	properNoun	swe	Borge	properNoun	nor
Vehkalahti	properNoun	swe	Vehkalahti	properNoun	nor
Rasanen	properNoun	swe	Rasanen	properNoun	nor
Corbeil	properNoun	swe	Corbeil	properNoun	nor
Mihkkil	properNoun	swe	Mihkkil	properNoun	nor
Georgij	properNoun	swe	Georgij	properNoun	nor
Ueland	properNoun	swe	Ueland	properNoun	nor
Thomle	properNoun	swe	Thomle	properNoun	nor
Sarja	properNoun	swe	Sarja	properNoun	nor
Ordrup	properNoun	swe	Ordrup	properNoun	nor
Nousiainen	properNoun	swe	Nousiainen	properNoun	nor
Kjeilen	properNoun	swe	Kjeilen	properNoun	nor
DiCaprio	properNoun	swe	DiCaprio	properNoun	nor
Wallin	properNoun	swe	Wallin	properNoun	nor
Harmsen	properNoun	swe	Harmsen	properNoun	nor
Østenstad	properNoun	swe	Østenstad	properNoun	nor
Manglerud	properNoun	swe	Manglerud	properNoun	nor
Loččá	properNoun	swe	Loččá	properNoun	nor
Krefeld	properNoun	swe	Krefeld	properNoun	nor
Hammel	properNoun	swe	Hammel	properNoun	nor
Singsås	properNoun	swe	Singsås	properNoun	nor
Music	properNoun	swe	Music	properNoun	nor
Kossila	properNoun	swe	Kossila	properNoun	nor
Kolsi	properNoun	swe	Kolsi	properNoun	nor
Biejan	properNoun	swe	Biejan	properNoun	nor
Yrjö	properNoun	swe	Yrjö	properNoun	nor
Wallis	properNoun	swe	Wallis	properNoun	nor
Scavenius	properNoun	swe	Scavenius	properNoun	nor
Foosnæs	properNoun	swe	Foosnæs	properNoun	nor
Jakarta	properNoun	swe	Jakarta	properNoun	nor
Nesheim	properNoun	swe	Nesheim	properNoun	nor
Juntejeaggi	properNoun	swe	Juntejeaggi	properNoun	nor
Tepponen	properNoun	swe	Tepponen	properNoun	nor
Penttilä	properNoun	swe	Penttilä	properNoun	nor
Knutstad	properNoun	swe	Knutstad	properNoun	nor
Foighel	properNoun	swe	Foighel	properNoun	nor
Tobiasson	properNoun	swe	Tobiasson	properNoun	nor
Blåfjellet	properNoun	swe	Blåfjellet	properNoun	nor
Hammer	properNoun	swe	Hammer	properNoun	nor
Dyre	properNoun	swe	Dyre	properNoun	nor
Hokstad	properNoun	swe	Hokstad	properNoun	nor
Hellan	properNoun	swe	Hellan	properNoun	nor
Mogiljov	properNoun	swe	Mogiljov	properNoun	nor
Merilä	properNoun	swe	Merilä	properNoun	nor
Dikkanen	properNoun	swe	Dikkanen	properNoun	nor
Merta	properNoun	swe	Merta	properNoun	nor
Oseberg	properNoun	swe	Oseberg	properNoun	nor
Kjus	properNoun	swe	Kjus	properNoun	nor
Merimaa	properNoun	swe	Merimaa	properNoun	nor
Liukka	properNoun	swe	Liukka	properNoun	nor
Kasin	properNoun	swe	Kasin	properNoun	nor
Bøhren	properNoun	swe	Bøhren	properNoun	nor
Hødd	properNoun	swe	Hødd	properNoun	nor
Thisted	properNoun	swe	Thisted	properNoun	nor
Søndeled	properNoun	swe	Søndeled	properNoun	nor
Katanga	properNoun	swe	Katanga	properNoun	nor
Schjander	properNoun	swe	Schjander	properNoun	nor
Brazzaville	properNoun	swe	Brazzaville	properNoun	nor
Väätäinen	properNoun	swe	Väätäinen	properNoun	nor
Ellefsen	properNoun	swe	Ellefsen	properNoun	nor
Bornholm	properNoun	swe	Bornholm	properNoun	nor
Viuhko	properNoun	swe	Viuhko	properNoun	nor
Moskog	properNoun	swe	Moskog	properNoun	nor
Lewis	properNoun	swe	Lewis	properNoun	nor
Gravdal	properNoun	swe	Gravdal	properNoun	nor
Elsie	properNoun	swe	Elsie	properNoun	nor
Stegaros	properNoun	swe	Stegaros	properNoun	nor
Uganda	properNoun	swe	Uganda	properNoun	nor
Tornikoski	properNoun	swe	Tornikoski	properNoun	nor
Sääski	properNoun	swe	Sääski	properNoun	nor
Fossnes	properNoun	swe	Fossnes	properNoun	nor
Betesda	properNoun	swe	Betesda	properNoun	nor
Merikallio	properNoun	swe	Merikallio	properNoun	nor
Aaberge	properNoun	swe	Aaberge	properNoun	nor
Hans	properNoun	swe	Hans	properNoun	nor
Rautala	properNoun	swe	Rautala	properNoun	nor
Ollakka	properNoun	swe	Ollakka	properNoun	nor
Niilut	properNoun	swe	Niilut	properNoun	nor
Gælok	properNoun	swe	Gælok	properNoun	nor
Monsen	properNoun	swe	Monsen	properNoun	nor
Palvio	properNoun	swe	Palvio	properNoun	nor
Liukko	properNoun	swe	Liukko	properNoun	nor
Gjelleråsen	properNoun	swe	Gjelleråsen	properNoun	nor
Bendiksson	properNoun	swe	Bendiksson	properNoun	nor
Siermala	properNoun	swe	Siermala	properNoun	nor
Arvonen	properNoun	swe	Arvonen	properNoun	nor
Ødipus	properNoun	swe	Ødipus	properNoun	nor
Filippus	properNoun	swe	Filippus	properNoun	nor
Bredesson	properNoun	swe	Bredesson	properNoun	nor
Lamprecht	properNoun	swe	Lamprecht	properNoun	nor
Klodvig	properNoun	swe	Klodvig	properNoun	nor
Bergeton	properNoun	swe	Bergeton	properNoun	nor
Annunen	properNoun	swe	Annunen	properNoun	nor
Navy	properNoun	swe	Navy	properNoun	nor
Tomas	properNoun	swe	Tomas	properNoun	nor
Kairo	properNoun	swe	Kairo	properNoun	nor
Krepsen	properNoun	swe	Krepsen	properNoun	nor
Kummala	properNoun	swe	Kummala	properNoun	nor
Gunn-Inger	properNoun	swe	Gunn-Inger	properNoun	nor
Corsica	properNoun	swe	Corsica	properNoun	nor
Steiner	properNoun	swe	Steiner	properNoun	nor
Lipasti	properNoun	swe	Lipasti	properNoun	nor
Epafroditus	properNoun	swe	Epafroditus	properNoun	nor
Liukku	properNoun	swe	Liukku	properNoun	nor
Tolkien	properNoun	swe	Tolkien	properNoun	nor
Severinssen	properNoun	swe	Severinssen	properNoun	nor
Thunestvedt	properNoun	swe	Thunestvedt	properNoun	nor
Kirillov	properNoun	swe	Kirillov	properNoun	nor
Inha	properNoun	swe	Inha	properNoun	nor
Boelke	properNoun	swe	Boelke	properNoun	nor
Bernhoft	properNoun	swe	Bernhoft	properNoun	nor
Borgny	properNoun	swe	Borgny	properNoun	nor
Lea	properNoun	swe	Lea	properNoun	nor
Paunu	properNoun	swe	Paunu	properNoun	nor
Nøkleby	properNoun	swe	Nøkleby	properNoun	nor
Sofya	properNoun	swe	Sofya	properNoun	nor
Cliff	properNoun	swe	Cliff	properNoun	nor
Svanesjøen	properNoun	swe	Svanesjøen	properNoun	nor
Lee	properNoun	swe	Lee	properNoun	nor
Jekyll	properNoun	swe	Jekyll	properNoun	nor
Rantonen	properNoun	swe	Rantonen	properNoun	nor
Melkisedek	properNoun	swe	Melkisedek	properNoun	nor
Samoa	properNoun	swe	Samoa	properNoun	nor
Tainio	properNoun	swe	Tainio	properNoun	nor
Scunthorpe	properNoun	swe	Scunthorpe	properNoun	nor
Pukki	properNoun	swe	Pukki	properNoun	nor
Kaaby	properNoun	swe	Kaaby	properNoun	nor
Honkanen	properNoun	swe	Honkanen	properNoun	nor
Eligius	properNoun	swe	Eligius	properNoun	nor
Tum	properNoun	swe	Tum	properNoun	nor
Nordkjosbotn	properNoun	swe	Nordkjosbotn	properNoun	nor
Minkkinen	properNoun	swe	Minkkinen	properNoun	nor
Ifversen	properNoun	swe	Ifversen	properNoun	nor
Duomis	properNoun	swe	Duomis	properNoun	nor
Ronkainen	properNoun	swe	Ronkainen	properNoun	nor
Hätinen	properNoun	swe	Hätinen	properNoun	nor
Himanen	properNoun	swe	Himanen	properNoun	nor
Møyfrid	properNoun	swe	Møyfrid	properNoun	nor
Ingebretssen	properNoun	swe	Ingebretssen	properNoun	nor
Käpylä	properNoun	swe	Käpylä	properNoun	nor
Hades	properNoun	swe	Hades	properNoun	nor
Munne	properNoun	swe	Munne	properNoun	nor
Bagøyen	properNoun	swe	Bagøyen	properNoun	nor
Leo	properNoun	swe	Leo	properNoun	nor
Freiberg	properNoun	swe	Freiberg	properNoun	nor
Ler	properNoun	swe	Ler	properNoun	nor
Gamlemshaug	properNoun	swe	Gamlemshaug	properNoun	nor
Brende	properNoun	swe	Brende	properNoun	nor
Eero	properNoun	swe	Eero	properNoun	nor
Leif	properNoun	swe	Leif	properNoun	nor
Tuv	properNoun	swe	Tuv	properNoun	nor
Mikaelsen	properNoun	swe	Mikaelsen	properNoun	nor
Lyhykäinen	properNoun	swe	Lyhykäinen	properNoun	nor
Ansamaa	properNoun	swe	Ansamaa	properNoun	nor
Vihervaara	properNoun	swe	Vihervaara	properNoun	nor
Persiabukta	properNoun	swe	Persiabukta	properNoun	nor
Loukusa	properNoun	swe	Loukusa	properNoun	nor
Gellein	properNoun	swe	Gellein	properNoun	nor
Alakotila	properNoun	swe	Alakotila	properNoun	nor
Tahvanainen	properNoun	swe	Tahvanainen	properNoun	nor
Punkkinen	properNoun	swe	Punkkinen	properNoun	nor
Hannukainen	properNoun	swe	Hannukainen	properNoun	nor
Asukas	properNoun	swe	Asukas	properNoun	nor
Göran	properNoun	swe	Göran	properNoun	nor
Ristaduottar	properNoun	swe	Ristaduottar	properNoun	nor
Samos	properNoun	swe	Samos	properNoun	nor
Lein	properNoun	swe	Lein	properNoun	nor
Jaime	properNoun	swe	Jaime	properNoun	nor
Bierra	properNoun	swe	Bierra	properNoun	nor
Vanessa	properNoun	swe	Vanessa	properNoun	nor
Steinsholt	properNoun	swe	Steinsholt	properNoun	nor
Akeloos	properNoun	swe	Akeloos	properNoun	nor
Niittynen	properNoun	swe	Niittynen	properNoun	nor
Annhild	properNoun	swe	Annhild	properNoun	nor
Mikhalkova	properNoun	swe	Mikhalkova	properNoun	nor
Leir	properNoun	swe	Leir	properNoun	nor
Jedutun	properNoun	swe	Jedutun	properNoun	nor
Tømte	properNoun	swe	Tømte	properNoun	nor
Pajari	properNoun	swe	Pajari	properNoun	nor
Løken	properNoun	swe	Løken	properNoun	nor
Wildenvey	properNoun	swe	Wildenvey	properNoun	nor
Knudsen	properNoun	swe	Knudsen	properNoun	nor
Alasaari	properNoun	swe	Alasaari	properNoun	nor
Leiv	properNoun	swe	Leiv	properNoun	nor
Ylänne	properNoun	swe	Ylänne	properNoun	nor
Krautken	properNoun	swe	Krautken	properNoun	nor
Grude	properNoun	swe	Grude	properNoun	nor
Schmeichel	properNoun	swe	Schmeichel	properNoun	nor
Sperillen	properNoun	swe	Sperillen	properNoun	nor
Hvasser	properNoun	swe	Hvasser	properNoun	nor
Oleson	properNoun	swe	Oleson	properNoun	nor
Kvæfjord	properNoun	swe	Kvæfjord	properNoun	nor
Steffenssen	properNoun	swe	Steffenssen	properNoun	nor
Översti	properNoun	swe	Översti	properNoun	nor
Lunden	properNoun	swe	Lunden	properNoun	nor
Lemettinen	properNoun	swe	Lemettinen	properNoun	nor
Castilla	properNoun	swe	Castilla	properNoun	nor
Bolstadøyri	properNoun	swe	Bolstadøyri	properNoun	nor
Jannok	properNoun	swe	Jannok	properNoun	nor
Heammu	properNoun	swe	Heammu	properNoun	nor
Stryken	properNoun	swe	Stryken	properNoun	nor
Orten	properNoun	swe	Orten	properNoun	nor
Kärhä	properNoun	swe	Kärhä	properNoun	nor
Riefling	properNoun	swe	Riefling	properNoun	nor
Morales	properNoun	swe	Morales	properNoun	nor
Killi	properNoun	swe	Killi	properNoun	nor
Jarlsberg	properNoun	swe	Jarlsberg	properNoun	nor
Förbundsdagen	properNoun	swe	Forbundsdagen	properNoun	nor
Forbundsdagen	properNoun	swe	Forbundsdagen	properNoun	nor
Oslo	properNoun	swe	Oslo	properNoun	nor
Lunder	properNoun	swe	Lunder	properNoun	nor
Eltoft	properNoun	swe	Eltoft	properNoun	nor
Heikka	properNoun	swe	Heikka	properNoun	nor
Strand	properNoun	swe	Strand	properNoun	nor
Vika	properNoun	swe	Vika	properNoun	nor
Syverud	properNoun	swe	Syverud	properNoun	nor
Miljeteig	properNoun	swe	Miljeteig	properNoun	nor
Toura	properNoun	swe	Toura	properNoun	nor
Hankala	properNoun	swe	Hankala	properNoun	nor
Skinfakse	properNoun	swe	Skinfakse	properNoun	nor
Nergård	properNoun	swe	Nergård	properNoun	nor
Pentagon	properNoun	swe	Pentagon	properNoun	nor
Tavasti	properNoun	swe	Tavasti	properNoun	nor
Swanas	properNoun	swe	Swanas	properNoun	nor
Vike	properNoun	swe	Vike	properNoun	nor
Mustanoja	properNoun	swe	Mustanoja	properNoun	nor
Kivikko	properNoun	swe	Kivikko	properNoun	nor
Keynes	properNoun	swe	Keynes	properNoun	nor
Kuusiniemi	properNoun	swe	Kuusiniemi	properNoun	nor
Berknes	properNoun	swe	Berknes	properNoun	nor
Oddgeir	properNoun	swe	Oddgeir	properNoun	nor
Heikki	properNoun	swe	Heikki	properNoun	nor
Bjørn-Ivar	properNoun	swe	Bjørn-Ivar	properNoun	nor
Sivertssen	properNoun	swe	Sivertssen	properNoun	nor
Kjølberg	properNoun	swe	Kjølberg	properNoun	nor
Jovssut	properNoun	swe	Jovssut	properNoun	nor
Bagi	properNoun	swe	Bagi	properNoun	nor
Kaisa	properNoun	swe	Kaisa	properNoun	nor
Lusaka	properNoun	swe	Lusaka	properNoun	nor
Sarepta	properNoun	swe	Sarepta	properNoun	nor
Sørenson	properNoun	swe	Sørenson	properNoun	nor
Høeg	properNoun	swe	Høeg	properNoun	nor
Flugsrud	properNoun	swe	Flugsrud	properNoun	nor
Eutin	properNoun	swe	Eutin	properNoun	nor
Torfinn	properNoun	swe	Torfinn	properNoun	nor
Signysullot	properNoun	swe	Signysullot	properNoun	nor
Loikkanen	properNoun	swe	Loikkanen	properNoun	nor
Haakon	properNoun	swe	Haakon	properNoun	nor
Gulen	properNoun	swe	Gulen	properNoun	nor
Ollinen	properNoun	swe	Ollinen	properNoun	nor
Isdahl	properNoun	swe	Isdahl	properNoun	nor
Konnerud	properNoun	swe	Konnerud	properNoun	nor
Oranje	properNoun	swe	Oranje	properNoun	nor
Heikko	properNoun	swe	Heikko	properNoun	nor
Kristus	properNoun	swe	Kristus	properNoun	nor
Bagn	properNoun	swe	Bagn	properNoun	nor
Widén	properNoun	swe	Widén	properNoun	nor
Sankari	properNoun	swe	Sankari	properNoun	nor
Rouge	properNoun	swe	Rouge	properNoun	nor
Fredriksen	properNoun	swe	Fredriksen	properNoun	nor
Gaular	properNoun	swe	Gaular	properNoun	nor
Allonen	properNoun	swe	Allonen	properNoun	nor
Unná	properNoun	swe	Unná	properNoun	nor
Pasanen	properNoun	swe	Pasanen	properNoun	nor
Laitakari	properNoun	swe	Laitakari	properNoun	nor
Kuivalainen	properNoun	swe	Kuivalainen	properNoun	nor
Eliasen	properNoun	swe	Eliasen	properNoun	nor
Irgens	properNoun	swe	Irgens	properNoun	nor
Aleksander	properNoun	swe	Aleksander	properNoun	nor
Mosby	properNoun	swe	Mosby	properNoun	nor
Kvannkjosen	properNoun	swe	Kvannkjosen	properNoun	nor
Langseth	properNoun	swe	Langseth	properNoun	nor
Kyiv	properNoun	swe	Kyiv	properNoun	nor
Touru	properNoun	swe	Touru	properNoun	nor
Rintala	properNoun	swe	Rintala	properNoun	nor
Myhra	properNoun	swe	Myhra	properNoun	nor
Ripattila	properNoun	swe	Ripattila	properNoun	nor
Krauss	properNoun	swe	Krauss	properNoun	nor
Kallio	properNoun	swe	Kallio	properNoun	nor
Elisa	properNoun	swe	Elisa	properNoun	nor
Santaharju	properNoun	swe	Santaharju	properNoun	nor
Thomasson	properNoun	swe	Thomasson	properNoun	nor
Apelles	properNoun	swe	Apelles	properNoun	nor
Myhre	properNoun	swe	Myhre	properNoun	nor
Pääjärvi	properNoun	swe	Pääjärvi	properNoun	nor
IRA	properNoun	swe	IRA	properNoun	nor
Lehmusto	properNoun	swe	Lehmusto	properNoun	nor
Lander	properNoun	swe	Lander	properNoun	nor
Elise	properNoun	swe	Elise	properNoun	nor
Koro	properNoun	swe	Koro	properNoun	nor
Janita	properNoun	swe	Janita	properNoun	nor
Einár	properNoun	swe	Einár	properNoun	nor
Mihkkaljávri	properNoun	swe	Mihkkaljávri	properNoun	nor
Eesa	properNoun	swe	Eesa	properNoun	nor
Abrek	properNoun	swe	Abrek	properNoun	nor
Tidende	properNoun	swe	Tidende	properNoun	nor
Fokstad	properNoun	swe	Fokstad	properNoun	nor
Enersen	properNoun	swe	Enersen	properNoun	nor
Torgersson	properNoun	swe	Torgersson	properNoun	nor
Posti	properNoun	swe	Posti	properNoun	nor
Engelsen	properNoun	swe	Engelsen	properNoun	nor
Endresson	properNoun	swe	Endresson	properNoun	nor
Urbán	properNoun	swe	Urbán	properNoun	nor
Riekki	properNoun	swe	Riekki	properNoun	nor
Oder-Neisse	properNoun	swe	Oder-Neisse	properNoun	nor
Halstein	properNoun	swe	Halstein	properNoun	nor
Holch	properNoun	swe	Holch	properNoun	nor
Frazer	properNoun	swe	Frazer	properNoun	nor
Sunnfjord	properNoun	swe	Sunnfjord	properNoun	nor
Bengt	properNoun	swe	Bengt	properNoun	nor
Riekko	properNoun	swe	Riekko	properNoun	nor
Holck	properNoun	swe	Holck	properNoun	nor
Ferslew	properNoun	swe	Ferslew	properNoun	nor
Berggren	properNoun	swe	Berggren	properNoun	nor
Savonen	properNoun	swe	Savonen	properNoun	nor
Monge	properNoun	swe	Monge	properNoun	nor
Dorthe	properNoun	swe	Dorthe	properNoun	nor
Tune	properNoun	swe	Tune	properNoun	nor
Rimpilä	properNoun	swe	Rimpilä	properNoun	nor
Patrakka	properNoun	swe	Patrakka	properNoun	nor
Bob	properNoun	swe	Bob	properNoun	nor
Blixen	properNoun	swe	Blixen	properNoun	nor
Nillájávri	properNoun	swe	Nillájávri	properNoun	nor
Åheim	properNoun	swe	Åheim	properNoun	nor
Sævik	properNoun	swe	Sævik	properNoun	nor
Bergljot	properNoun	swe	Bergljot	properNoun	nor
Boe	properNoun	swe	Boe	properNoun	nor
Celtic	properNoun	swe	Celtic	properNoun	nor
Sampo	properNoun	swe	Sampo	properNoun	nor
Persefone	properNoun	swe	Persefone	properNoun	nor
Spener	properNoun	swe	Spener	properNoun	nor
Nestori	properNoun	swe	Nestori	properNoun	nor
Sarkki	properNoun	swe	Sarkki	properNoun	nor
Martinuessen	properNoun	swe	Martinuessen	properNoun	nor
Juvven	properNoun	swe	Juvven	properNoun	nor
Iivanainen	properNoun	swe	Iivanainen	properNoun	nor
Evenstad	properNoun	swe	Evenstad	properNoun	nor
Innguaq	properNoun	swe	Innguaq	properNoun	nor
Nordpolen	properNoun	swe	Nordpolen	properNoun	nor
Ann-Jorid	properNoun	swe	Ann-Jorid	properNoun	nor
Proksi	properNoun	swe	Proksi	properNoun	nor
Antinoja	properNoun	swe	Antinoja	properNoun	nor
Verneri	properNoun	swe	Verneri	properNoun	nor
Stalin	properNoun	swe	Stalin	properNoun	nor
Lutnes	properNoun	swe	Lutnes	properNoun	nor
Ferner	properNoun	swe	Ferner	properNoun	nor
Grimsrud	properNoun	swe	Grimsrud	properNoun	nor
Odvar	properNoun	swe	Odvar	properNoun	nor
Albrigtson	properNoun	swe	Albrigtson	properNoun	nor
Twain	properNoun	swe	Twain	properNoun	nor
Laustsen	properNoun	swe	Laustsen	properNoun	nor
Saratoga	properNoun	swe	Saratoga	properNoun	nor
Osmundssen	properNoun	swe	Osmundssen	properNoun	nor
Máddji	properNoun	swe	Máddji	properNoun	nor
Sanaksenaho	properNoun	swe	Sanaksenaho	properNoun	nor
Mencius	properNoun	swe	Mencius	properNoun	nor
Aurora	properNoun	swe	Aurora	properNoun	nor
Vihko	properNoun	swe	Vihko	properNoun	nor
Sumer	properNoun	swe	Sumer	properNoun	nor
Toppinen	properNoun	swe	Toppinen	properNoun	nor
Kansikas	properNoun	swe	Kansikas	properNoun	nor
Vullevárri	properNoun	swe	Vullevárri	properNoun	nor
Baldur	properNoun	swe	Baldur	properNoun	nor
Jelena	properNoun	swe	Jelena	properNoun	nor
Sievinen	properNoun	swe	Sievinen	properNoun	nor
Baumann	properNoun	swe	Baumann	properNoun	nor
Eunike	properNoun	swe	Eunike	properNoun	nor
Norberg	properNoun	swe	Norberg	properNoun	nor
Færevaag	properNoun	swe	Færevaag	properNoun	nor
Bow	properNoun	swe	Bow	properNoun	nor
Skarmunken	properNoun	swe	Skarmunken	properNoun	nor
Omberg	properNoun	swe	Omberg	properNoun	nor
Box	properNoun	swe	Box	properNoun	nor
Isaksen	properNoun	swe	Isaksen	properNoun	nor
Orning	properNoun	swe	Orning	properNoun	nor
Burislav	properNoun	swe	Burislav	properNoun	nor
Pisidias	properNoun	swe	Pisidias	properNoun	nor
Hirvikallio	properNoun	swe	Hirvikallio	properNoun	nor
Osmo	properNoun	swe	Osmo	properNoun	nor
Pylväs	properNoun	swe	Pylväs	properNoun	nor
Oiva	properNoun	swe	Oiva	properNoun	nor
Gotthard	properNoun	swe	Gotthard	properNoun	nor
Orinoco	properNoun	swe	Orinoco	properNoun	nor
Taavitsainen	properNoun	swe	Taavitsainen	properNoun	nor
Hagsgård	properNoun	swe	Hagsgård	properNoun	nor
Oidipus	properNoun	swe	Oidipus	properNoun	nor
Boris	properNoun	swe	Boris	properNoun	nor
Viersen	properNoun	swe	Viersen	properNoun	nor
Alhainen	properNoun	swe	Alhainen	properNoun	nor
Lehkonen	properNoun	swe	Lehkonen	properNoun	nor
Kaski	properNoun	swe	Kaski	properNoun	nor
Rihtáoaivi	properNoun	swe	Rihtáoaivi	properNoun	nor
Günther	properNoun	swe	Günther	properNoun	nor
Fránas	properNoun	swe	Fránas	properNoun	nor
Sunniva	properNoun	swe	Sunniva	properNoun	nor
Torssen	properNoun	swe	Torssen	properNoun	nor
Vladivostok	properNoun	swe	Vladivostok	properNoun	nor
Venho	properNoun	swe	Venho	properNoun	nor
Pulkkinen	properNoun	swe	Pulkkinen	properNoun	nor
Norbert	properNoun	swe	Norbert	properNoun	nor
Esaias	properNoun	swe	Esaias	properNoun	nor
Hannunen	properNoun	swe	Hannunen	properNoun	nor
Bjaberg	properNoun	swe	Bjaberg	properNoun	nor
Hánno	properNoun	swe	Hánno	properNoun	nor
Jørg	properNoun	swe	Jørg	properNoun	nor
Tobiasen	properNoun	swe	Tobiasen	properNoun	nor
Bårdsen	properNoun	swe	Bårdsen	properNoun	nor
Narogin	properNoun	swe	Narogin	properNoun	nor
Kynsijärvi	properNoun	swe	Kynsijärvi	properNoun	nor
Reval	properNoun	swe	Reval	properNoun	nor
Henschien	properNoun	swe	Henschien	properNoun	nor
Oivo	properNoun	swe	Oivo	properNoun	nor
Fjær	properNoun	swe	Fjær	properNoun	nor
Finnmárku	properNoun	swe	Finnmárku	properNoun	nor
Nonni	properNoun	swe	Nonni	properNoun	nor
Isotupa	properNoun	swe	Isotupa	properNoun	nor
Sør-Fron	properNoun	swe	Sør-Fron	properNoun	nor
Mathiasson	properNoun	swe	Mathiasson	properNoun	nor
Vilo	properNoun	swe	Vilo	properNoun	nor
Laatikainen	properNoun	swe	Laatikainen	properNoun	nor
Kilkki	properNoun	swe	Kilkki	properNoun	nor
Mbing	properNoun	swe	Mbing	properNoun	nor
Kupari	properNoun	swe	Kupari	properNoun	nor
Jørn	properNoun	swe	Jørn	properNoun	nor
Magazine	properNoun	swe	Magazine	properNoun	nor
Viita-aho	properNoun	swe	Viita-aho	properNoun	nor
Dionysos	properNoun	swe	Dionysos	properNoun	nor
Ala-Aho	properNoun	swe	Ala-Aho	properNoun	nor
Fortanatus	properNoun	swe	Fortanatus	properNoun	nor
Aksel	properNoun	swe	Aksel	properNoun	nor
Ryan	properNoun	swe	Ryan	properNoun	nor
Henrik	properNoun	swe	Henrik	properNoun	nor
Storfjord	properNoun	swe	Storfjord	properNoun	nor
Ruonala	properNoun	swe	Ruonala	properNoun	nor
Maarthai	properNoun	swe	Maarthai	properNoun	nor
Havila	properNoun	swe	Havila	properNoun	nor
Ardis	properNoun	swe	Ardis	properNoun	nor
Korkeamäki	properNoun	swe	Korkeamäki	properNoun	nor
Hughes	properNoun	swe	Hughes	properNoun	nor
Rydving	properNoun	swe	Rydving	properNoun	nor
Oceanus	properNoun	swe	Oceanus	properNoun	nor
Helvind	properNoun	swe	Helvind	properNoun	nor
Åsvang	properNoun	swe	Åsvang	properNoun	nor
Øksendal	properNoun	swe	Øksendal	properNoun	nor
Strathern	properNoun	swe	Strathern	properNoun	nor
Carlsberg	properNoun	swe	Carlsberg	properNoun	nor
Akset	properNoun	swe	Akset	properNoun	nor
Erland	properNoun	swe	Erland	properNoun	nor
Leeds	properNoun	swe	Leeds	properNoun	nor
Marsala	properNoun	swe	Marsala	properNoun	nor
Lilleasia	properNoun	swe	Lilleasia	properNoun	nor
Silvasti	properNoun	swe	Silvasti	properNoun	nor
Schiøler	properNoun	swe	Schiøler	properNoun	nor
Rauhamäki	properNoun	swe	Rauhamäki	properNoun	nor
Holmenkollbakken	properNoun	swe	Holmenkollbakken	properNoun	nor
Koss	properNoun	swe	Koss	properNoun	nor
Johnsen-Butto	properNoun	swe	Johnsen-Butto	properNoun	nor
Brynjulf	properNoun	swe	Brynjulf	properNoun	nor
Selbusjøen	properNoun	swe	Selbusjøen	properNoun	nor
Gulbrandsson	properNoun	swe	Gulbrandsson	properNoun	nor
Hammerstad	properNoun	swe	Hammerstad	properNoun	nor
Hotti	properNoun	swe	Hotti	properNoun	nor
Tellef	properNoun	swe	Tellef	properNoun	nor
Lauritzson	properNoun	swe	Lauritzson	properNoun	nor
Bogejohka	properNoun	swe	Bogejohka	properNoun	nor
Sofokles	properNoun	swe	Sofokles	properNoun	nor
Rinnvold	properNoun	swe	Rinnvold	properNoun	nor
Meriba	properNoun	swe	Meriba	properNoun	nor
Wimme	properNoun	swe	Wimme	properNoun	nor
Tingvoll	properNoun	swe	Tingvoll	properNoun	nor
Hamresanden	properNoun	swe	Hamresanden	properNoun	nor
Elvekroken	properNoun	swe	Elvekroken	properNoun	nor
Käräjäoja	properNoun	swe	Käräjäoja	properNoun	nor
Mørekysten	properNoun	swe	Mørekysten	properNoun	nor
Leka	properNoun	swe	Leka	properNoun	nor
Torreón	properNoun	swe	Torreón	properNoun	nor
Martikka	properNoun	swe	Martikka	properNoun	nor
Ditlefsen	properNoun	swe	Ditlefsen	properNoun	nor
Ulvik	properNoun	swe	Ulvik	properNoun	nor
Hjorth	properNoun	swe	Hjorth	properNoun	nor
Dimitri	properNoun	swe	Dimitri	properNoun	nor
Tennefoss	properNoun	swe	Tennefoss	properNoun	nor
Laaja	properNoun	swe	Laaja	properNoun	nor
Leangen	properNoun	swe	Leangen	properNoun	nor
Ulvin	properNoun	swe	Ulvin	properNoun	nor
Severinson	properNoun	swe	Severinson	properNoun	nor
Ramin-Osmundsen	properNoun	swe	Ramin-Osmundsen	properNoun	nor
Ahrenberg	properNoun	swe	Ahrenberg	properNoun	nor
ISS	properNoun	swe	ISS	properNoun	nor
Hoxmark	properNoun	swe	Hoxmark	properNoun	nor
Panaggi	properNoun	swe	Panaggi	properNoun	nor
Paalanen	properNoun	swe	Paalanen	properNoun	nor
Mårnes	properNoun	swe	Mårnes	properNoun	nor
Livius	properNoun	swe	Livius	properNoun	nor
Hauerseter	properNoun	swe	Hauerseter	properNoun	nor
Falls	properNoun	swe	Falls	properNoun	nor
Smedsrud	properNoun	swe	Smedsrud	properNoun	nor
Sør-Hålogaland	properNoun	swe	Sør-Hålogaland	properNoun	nor
Issáhaguollejávri	properNoun	swe	Issáhaguollejávri	properNoun	nor
Rahikka	properNoun	swe	Rahikka	properNoun	nor
Jered	properNoun	swe	Jered	properNoun	nor
Hjerkinn	properNoun	swe	Hjerkinn	properNoun	nor
Kärkkänen	properNoun	swe	Kärkkänen	properNoun	nor
Kuusisto	properNoun	swe	Kuusisto	properNoun	nor
Bendik	properNoun	swe	Bendik	properNoun	nor
Vilpponen	properNoun	swe	Vilpponen	properNoun	nor
Skjærhallen	properNoun	swe	Skjærhallen	properNoun	nor
Eetu	properNoun	swe	Eetu	properNoun	nor
Stadsbygd	properNoun	swe	Stadsbygd	properNoun	nor
Nevalainen	properNoun	swe	Nevalainen	properNoun	nor
Cæsarion	properNoun	swe	Cæsarion	properNoun	nor
Papua	properNoun	swe	Papua	properNoun	nor
Marjamäki	properNoun	swe	Marjamäki	properNoun	nor
Gottfredsen	properNoun	swe	Gottfredsen	properNoun	nor
Castrén	properNoun	swe	Castrén	properNoun	nor
Guhtur	properNoun	swe	Guhtur	properNoun	nor
Øyvin	properNoun	swe	Øyvin	properNoun	nor
Øiestad	properNoun	swe	Øiestad	properNoun	nor
Plym	properNoun	swe	Plym	properNoun	nor
Børseth	properNoun	swe	Børseth	properNoun	nor
Sean	properNoun	swe	Sean	properNoun	nor
Belsebub	properNoun	swe	Belsebub	properNoun	nor
Driva	properNoun	swe	Driva	properNoun	nor
Tanninen	properNoun	swe	Tanninen	properNoun	nor
Salama	properNoun	swe	Salama	properNoun	nor
Akre	properNoun	swe	Akre	properNoun	nor
Tjæder	properNoun	swe	Tjæder	properNoun	nor
Puumalainen	properNoun	swe	Puumalainen	properNoun	nor
Állan	properNoun	swe	Állan	properNoun	nor
Hagbart	properNoun	swe	Hagbart	properNoun	nor
Vardø	properNoun	swe	Vardø	properNoun	nor
Rotary	properNoun	swe	Rotary	properNoun	nor
Sverrig	properNoun	swe	Sverrig	properNoun	nor
Hamilton	properNoun	swe	Hamilton	properNoun	nor
Seat	properNoun	swe	Seat	properNoun	nor
Olaussen	properNoun	swe	Olaussen	properNoun	nor
Márttejávri	properNoun	swe	Márttejávri	properNoun	nor
Foldnes	properNoun	swe	Foldnes	properNoun	nor
Anitta	properNoun	swe	Anitta	properNoun	nor
Aasrud	properNoun	swe	Aasrud	properNoun	nor
Kunes	properNoun	swe	Kunes	properNoun	nor
Koljonen	properNoun	swe	Koljonen	properNoun	nor
Zwilgmeyer	properNoun	swe	Zwilgmeyer	properNoun	nor
Russell	properNoun	swe	Russell	properNoun	nor
Tölli	properNoun	swe	Tölli	properNoun	nor
Kaljunen	properNoun	swe	Kaljunen	properNoun	nor
Austvågøy	properNoun	swe	Austvågøy	properNoun	nor
Bosberg	properNoun	swe	Bosberg	properNoun	nor
Asphaugen	properNoun	swe	Asphaugen	properNoun	nor
Paulsrud	properNoun	swe	Paulsrud	properNoun	nor
Madonna	properNoun	swe	Madonna	properNoun	nor
Blich	properNoun	swe	Blich	properNoun	nor
Alvin	properNoun	swe	Alvin	properNoun	nor
Loginen	properNoun	swe	Loginen	properNoun	nor
Daoud	properNoun	swe	Daoud	properNoun	nor
Zanzibar	properNoun	swe	Zanzibar	properNoun	nor
Nysleppen	properNoun	swe	Nysleppen	properNoun	nor
Gjærevoll	properNoun	swe	Gjærevoll	properNoun	nor
Festival-Oslo	properNoun	swe	Festival-Oslo	properNoun	nor
Grenmar	properNoun	swe	Grenmar	properNoun	nor
Frodeson	properNoun	swe	Frodeson	properNoun	nor
Kvitfjell	properNoun	swe	Kvitfjell	properNoun	nor
Tuulaniemi	properNoun	swe	Tuulaniemi	properNoun	nor
Samarkand	properNoun	swe	Samarkand	properNoun	nor
Kindem	properNoun	swe	Kindem	properNoun	nor
Proffen	properNoun	swe	Proffen	properNoun	nor
Lahaugmoen	properNoun	swe	Lahaugmoen	properNoun	nor
Finnsnes	properNoun	swe	Finnsnes	properNoun	nor
Haapakoski	properNoun	swe	Haapakoski	properNoun	nor
Lasanen	properNoun	swe	Lasanen	properNoun	nor
Mirjá	properNoun	swe	Mirjá	properNoun	nor
Høgh	properNoun	swe	Høgh	properNoun	nor
Aimar	properNoun	swe	Aimar	properNoun	nor
Gustav II Adolf	properNoun	swe	Gustav II Adolf	properNoun	nor
Korsnes	properNoun	swe	Korsnes	properNoun	nor
Jesperssen	properNoun	swe	Jesperssen	properNoun	nor
Weiss	properNoun	swe	Weiss	properNoun	nor
Silvonen	properNoun	swe	Silvonen	properNoun	nor
Ruikka	properNoun	swe	Ruikka	properNoun	nor
Sárgon	properNoun	swe	Sárgon	properNoun	nor
Poukka	properNoun	swe	Poukka	properNoun	nor
Nikkarinen	properNoun	swe	Nikkarinen	properNoun	nor
Thorson	properNoun	swe	Thorson	properNoun	nor
Lunki	properNoun	swe	Lunki	properNoun	nor
Company	properNoun	swe	Company	properNoun	nor
Wolfgang	properNoun	swe	Wolfgang	properNoun	nor
Kristofferson	properNoun	swe	Kristofferson	properNoun	nor
Komorowski	properNoun	swe	Komorowski	properNoun	nor
Huhtanen	properNoun	swe	Huhtanen	properNoun	nor
Labrador	properNoun	swe	Labrador	properNoun	nor
Sagalstad	properNoun	swe	Sagalstad	properNoun	nor
Herranen	properNoun	swe	Herranen	properNoun	nor
Ånonssen	properNoun	swe	Ånonssen	properNoun	nor
Østrem	properNoun	swe	Østrem	properNoun	nor
Vælidalo	properNoun	swe	Vælidalo	properNoun	nor
Linjamäki	properNoun	swe	Linjamäki	properNoun	nor
Elisabeth	properNoun	swe	Elisabeth	properNoun	nor
Sognefjorden	properNoun	swe	Sognefjorden	properNoun	nor
Ågoth	properNoun	swe	Ågoth	properNoun	nor
Nauen	properNoun	swe	Nauen	properNoun	nor
Kildegaard	properNoun	swe	Kildegaard	properNoun	nor
Ørnulf	properNoun	swe	Ørnulf	properNoun	nor
Querini	properNoun	swe	Querini	properNoun	nor
Lorenzo	properNoun	swe	Lorenzo	properNoun	nor
Duopmassuolu	properNoun	swe	Duopmassuolu	properNoun	nor
Kramer	properNoun	swe	Kramer	properNoun	nor
Hellerud	properNoun	swe	Hellerud	properNoun	nor
Jormalainen	properNoun	swe	Jormalainen	properNoun	nor
Hymenos	properNoun	swe	Hymenos	properNoun	nor
Kyllönen	properNoun	swe	Kyllönen	properNoun	nor
Kaarre	properNoun	swe	Kaarre	properNoun	nor
Inka	properNoun	swe	Inka	properNoun	nor
Vågå	properNoun	swe	Vågå	properNoun	nor
Tungard	properNoun	swe	Tungard	properNoun	nor
Jovná	properNoun	swe	Jovná	properNoun	nor
Kuwait	properNoun	swe	Kuwait	properNoun	nor
Randulf	properNoun	swe	Randulf	properNoun	nor
Gunilla	properNoun	swe	Gunilla	properNoun	nor
Schartum	properNoun	swe	Schartum	properNoun	nor
Parjanen	properNoun	swe	Parjanen	properNoun	nor
Falevitch	properNoun	swe	Falevitch	properNoun	nor
Loch	properNoun	swe	Loch	properNoun	nor
Kyntäjä	properNoun	swe	Kyntäjä	properNoun	nor
Bjørn-Erik	properNoun	swe	Bjørn-Erik	properNoun	nor
Werring	properNoun	swe	Werring	properNoun	nor
Linn-Mari	properNoun	swe	Linn-Mari	properNoun	nor
Nottingham	properNoun	swe	Nottingham	properNoun	nor
Inki	properNoun	swe	Inki	properNoun	nor
Lasse	properNoun	swe	Lasse	properNoun	nor
Datatilsynet	properNoun	swe	Datatilsynet	properNoun	nor
Matred	properNoun	swe	Matred	properNoun	nor
Gulldahl	properNoun	swe	Gulldahl	properNoun	nor
Ludwig	properNoun	swe	Ludwig	properNoun	nor
Kinsarvik	properNoun	swe	Kinsarvik	properNoun	nor
Skjerven	properNoun	swe	Skjerven	properNoun	nor
Saraksen	properNoun	swe	Saraksen	properNoun	nor
Hellerup	properNoun	swe	Hellerup	properNoun	nor
Eriksson	properNoun	swe	Eriksson	properNoun	nor
Dalai	properNoun	swe	Dalai	properNoun	nor
Helminen	properNoun	swe	Helminen	properNoun	nor
Åqvist	properNoun	swe	Åqvist	properNoun	nor
Chablis	properNoun	swe	Chablis	properNoun	nor
Auastad	properNoun	swe	Auastad	properNoun	nor
Lassi	properNoun	swe	Lassi	properNoun	nor
Korneliusson	properNoun	swe	Korneliusson	properNoun	nor
Apple	properNoun	swe	Apple	properNoun	nor
Lautala	properNoun	swe	Lautala	properNoun	nor
Lanchow	properNoun	swe	Lanchow	properNoun	nor
Ferkingstad	properNoun	swe	Ferkingstad	properNoun	nor
Kentucky	properNoun	swe	Kentucky	properNoun	nor
Ånestad	properNoun	swe	Ånestad	properNoun	nor
Lagerfeld	properNoun	swe	Lagerfeld	properNoun	nor
Veini	properNoun	swe	Veini	properNoun	nor
Lindgren	properNoun	swe	Lindgren	properNoun	nor
Holen	properNoun	swe	Holen	properNoun	nor
Dalan	properNoun	swe	Dalan	properNoun	nor
Oddvin	properNoun	swe	Oddvin	properNoun	nor
Guri	properNoun	swe	Guri	properNoun	nor
Vihma	properNoun	swe	Vihma	properNoun	nor
Hamnvåg	properNoun	swe	Hamnvåg	properNoun	nor
Gullaksen	properNoun	swe	Gullaksen	properNoun	nor
Østås	properNoun	swe	Østås	properNoun	nor
Sohpparsáttu	properNoun	swe	Sohpparsáttu	properNoun	nor
Plinius	properNoun	swe	Plinius	properNoun	nor
Melchior	properNoun	swe	Melchior	properNoun	nor
Strandberg	properNoun	swe	Strandberg	properNoun	nor
Steig	properNoun	swe	Steig	properNoun	nor
Namibe	properNoun	swe	Namibe	properNoun	nor
Judit	properNoun	swe	Judit	properNoun	nor
Nassau	properNoun	swe	Nassau	properNoun	nor
Normandie	properNoun	swe	Normandie	properNoun	nor
Krystad	properNoun	swe	Krystad	properNoun	nor
Shemsije	properNoun	swe	Shemsije	properNoun	nor
Guro	properNoun	swe	Guro	properNoun	nor
Schumacher	properNoun	swe	Schumacher	properNoun	nor
Boutier	properNoun	swe	Boutier	properNoun	nor
Özerk	properNoun	swe	Özerk	properNoun	nor
Knaapi	properNoun	swe	Knaapi	properNoun	nor
Mikkál	properNoun	swe	Mikkál	properNoun	nor
Borveau	properNoun	swe	Borveau	properNoun	nor
Burgund	properNoun	swe	Burgund	properNoun	nor
Stein	properNoun	swe	Stein	properNoun	nor
Haldorsen	properNoun	swe	Haldorsen	properNoun	nor
Slough	properNoun	swe	Slough	properNoun	nor
Rett	properNoun	swe	Rett	properNoun	nor
Akse	properNoun	swe	Akse	properNoun	nor
Skorovass	properNoun	swe	Skorovass	properNoun	nor
Odelstinget	properNoun	swe	Odelstinget	properNoun	nor
Sekkelsten	properNoun	swe	Sekkelsten	properNoun	nor
Huseby	properNoun	swe	Huseby	properNoun	nor
Vuorimies	properNoun	swe	Vuorimies	properNoun	nor
Kasanen	properNoun	swe	Kasanen	properNoun	nor
Birch	properNoun	swe	Birch	properNoun	nor
Trengereid	properNoun	swe	Trengereid	properNoun	nor
Peurala	properNoun	swe	Peurala	properNoun	nor
Fougstad	properNoun	swe	Fougstad	properNoun	nor
Württemberg	properNoun	swe	Württemberg	properNoun	nor
Löytty	properNoun	swe	Löytty	properNoun	nor
Drage	properNoun	swe	Drage	properNoun	nor
Ullevål	properNoun	swe	Ullevål	properNoun	nor
Skrova	properNoun	swe	Skrova	properNoun	nor
Worre	properNoun	swe	Worre	properNoun	nor
Taskerud	properNoun	swe	Taskerud	properNoun	nor
Fredrick	properNoun	swe	Fredrick	properNoun	nor
Rømskog	properNoun	swe	Rømskog	properNoun	nor
Fjellsrud	properNoun	swe	Fjellsrud	properNoun	nor
Betina	properNoun	swe	Betina	properNoun	nor
Kaaressen	properNoun	swe	Kaaressen	properNoun	nor
Fløystad	properNoun	swe	Fløystad	properNoun	nor
Kovanen	properNoun	swe	Kovanen	properNoun	nor
Rebekka	properNoun	swe	Rebekka	properNoun	nor
Rosland	properNoun	swe	Rosland	properNoun	nor
From	properNoun	swe	From	properNoun	nor
Barkestad	properNoun	swe	Barkestad	properNoun	nor
Fron	properNoun	swe	Fron	properNoun	nor
Karjanmaa	properNoun	swe	Karjanmaa	properNoun	nor
Hellem	properNoun	swe	Hellem	properNoun	nor
Svensson	properNoun	swe	Svensson	properNoun	nor
Bognerud	properNoun	swe	Bognerud	properNoun	nor
Hellen	properNoun	swe	Hellen	properNoun	nor
Mæhle	properNoun	swe	Mæhle	properNoun	nor
Heinämäki	properNoun	swe	Heinämäki	properNoun	nor
Hare	properNoun	swe	Hare	properNoun	nor
Rantakallio	properNoun	swe	Rantakallio	properNoun	nor
Gibson	properNoun	swe	Gibson	properNoun	nor
Brill	properNoun	swe	Brill	properNoun	nor
Pitkänen	properNoun	swe	Pitkänen	properNoun	nor
Frigstad	properNoun	swe	Frigstad	properNoun	nor
Ardèche	properNoun	swe	Ardèche	properNoun	nor
May-Liss	properNoun	swe	May-Liss	properNoun	nor
Storsveen	properNoun	swe	Storsveen	properNoun	nor
Erlandssen	properNoun	swe	Erlandssen	properNoun	nor
Ziegler	properNoun	swe	Ziegler	properNoun	nor
Sæhter	properNoun	swe	Sæhter	properNoun	nor
Bielloluoppal	properNoun	swe	Bielloluoppal	properNoun	nor
Máddjá	properNoun	swe	Máddjá	properNoun	nor
Selmer-gruppa	properNoun	swe	Selmer-gruppa	properNoun	nor
Mosel	properNoun	swe	Mosel	properNoun	nor
Hitlar	properNoun	swe	Hitlar	properNoun	nor
Fjellgren	properNoun	swe	Fjellgren	properNoun	nor
Spikkestad	properNoun	swe	Spikkestad	properNoun	nor
Mercurius	properNoun	swe	Mercurius	properNoun	nor
Kervinen	properNoun	swe	Kervinen	properNoun	nor
Kunstindustrimuseet	properNoun	swe	Kunstindustrimuseet	properNoun	nor
Kalaoja	properNoun	swe	Kalaoja	properNoun	nor
Ingwar	properNoun	swe	Ingwar	properNoun	nor
Edmund	properNoun	swe	Edmund	properNoun	nor
Dahlberg	properNoun	swe	Dahlberg	properNoun	nor
Bruhagen	properNoun	swe	Bruhagen	properNoun	nor
Thea	properNoun	swe	Thea	properNoun	nor
Myking	properNoun	swe	Myking	properNoun	nor
Vasilij	properNoun	swe	Vasilij	properNoun	nor
Moses	properNoun	swe	Moses	properNoun	nor
Hercegovina	properNoun	swe	Hercegovina	properNoun	nor
Tverberg	properNoun	swe	Tverberg	properNoun	nor
Slattum	properNoun	swe	Slattum	properNoun	nor
Fougner	properNoun	swe	Fougner	properNoun	nor
Olesson	properNoun	swe	Olesson	properNoun	nor
Turtia	properNoun	swe	Turtia	properNoun	nor
Qvale	properNoun	swe	Qvale	properNoun	nor
Nauff	properNoun	swe	Nauff	properNoun	nor
Refvik	properNoun	swe	Refvik	properNoun	nor
Ylätalo	properNoun	swe	Ylätalo	properNoun	nor
Skien	properNoun	swe	Skien	properNoun	nor
Hart	properNoun	swe	Hart	properNoun	nor
Dudajev	properNoun	swe	Dudajev	properNoun	nor
Trosterud	properNoun	swe	Trosterud	properNoun	nor
Juusola	properNoun	swe	Juusola	properNoun	nor
Hiort	properNoun	swe	Hiort	properNoun	nor
Annika	properNoun	swe	Annika	properNoun	nor
Vonheim	properNoun	swe	Vonheim	properNoun	nor
Riutta	properNoun	swe	Riutta	properNoun	nor
Klemetti	properNoun	swe	Klemetti	properNoun	nor
Abraham	properNoun	swe	Abraham	properNoun	nor
ABC-teatret	properNoun	swe	ABC-teatret	properNoun	nor
Vestvågøy	properNoun	swe	Vestvågøy	properNoun	nor
Tylli	properNoun	swe	Tylli	properNoun	nor
Sarpola	properNoun	swe	Sarpola	properNoun	nor
Anttinen	properNoun	swe	Anttinen	properNoun	nor
Gotland	properNoun	swe	Gotland	properNoun	nor
Usedom	properNoun	swe	Usedom	properNoun	nor
Saviranta	properNoun	swe	Saviranta	properNoun	nor
Theo	properNoun	swe	Theo	properNoun	nor
Melbye	properNoun	swe	Melbye	properNoun	nor
Lode	properNoun	swe	Lode	properNoun	nor
Rolf	properNoun	swe	Rolf	properNoun	nor
Gustav III	properNoun	swe	Gustav III	properNoun	nor
Fenstad	properNoun	swe	Fenstad	properNoun	nor
Väliaho	properNoun	swe	Väliaho	properNoun	nor
Tasanko	properNoun	swe	Tasanko	properNoun	nor
Pirttiaho	properNoun	swe	Pirttiaho	properNoun	nor
Lid	properNoun	swe	Lid	properNoun	nor
Huovilainen	properNoun	swe	Huovilainen	properNoun	nor
Rikke	properNoun	swe	Rikke	properNoun	nor
Eeva	properNoun	swe	Eeva	properNoun	nor
Agnete	properNoun	swe	Agnete	properNoun	nor
Vorma	properNoun	swe	Vorma	properNoun	nor
Springs	properNoun	swe	Springs	properNoun	nor
Båtsfjord	properNoun	swe	Båtsfjord	properNoun	nor
Sørnorge	properNoun	swe	Sørnorge	properNoun	nor
Jovis	properNoun	swe	Jovis	properNoun	nor
Janhonen	properNoun	swe	Janhonen	properNoun	nor
Agatha	properNoun	swe	Agatha	properNoun	nor
Lie	properNoun	swe	Lie	properNoun	nor
Feda	properNoun	swe	Feda	properNoun	nor
Sørnes	properNoun	swe	Sørnes	properNoun	nor
Skarstad	properNoun	swe	Skarstad	properNoun	nor
Roll	properNoun	swe	Roll	properNoun	nor
Turid	properNoun	swe	Turid	properNoun	nor
Hans-Christian	properNoun	swe	Hans-Christian	properNoun	nor
Kjellberg	properNoun	swe	Kjellberg	properNoun	nor
Agathe	properNoun	swe	Agathe	properNoun	nor
Corneliussen	properNoun	swe	Corneliussen	properNoun	nor
Zetlitz	properNoun	swe	Zetlitz	properNoun	nor
Halys	properNoun	swe	Halys	properNoun	nor
Kristi	properNoun	swe	Kristi	properNoun	nor
Torvela	properNoun	swe	Torvela	properNoun	nor
Ruoppa	properNoun	swe	Ruoppa	properNoun	nor
Kidderminster	properNoun	swe	Kidderminster	properNoun	nor
Sebedeus	properNoun	swe	Sebedeus	properNoun	nor
Ronald	properNoun	swe	Ronald	properNoun	nor
Terjeson	properNoun	swe	Terjeson	properNoun	nor
Sevik	properNoun	swe	Sevik	properNoun	nor
Lin	properNoun	swe	Lin	properNoun	nor
Almaas	properNoun	swe	Almaas	properNoun	nor
Vikanes	properNoun	swe	Vikanes	properNoun	nor
Nejne	properNoun	swe	Nejne	properNoun	nor
Matiskainen	properNoun	swe	Matiskainen	properNoun	nor
Mozart	properNoun	swe	Mozart	properNoun	nor
Tyr	properNoun	swe	Tyr	properNoun	nor
Niila	properNoun	swe	Niila	properNoun	nor
Rolv	properNoun	swe	Rolv	properNoun	nor
Wittusen	properNoun	swe	Wittusen	properNoun	nor
Lintala	properNoun	swe	Lintala	properNoun	nor
Luostarinen	properNoun	swe	Luostarinen	properNoun	nor
Lis	properNoun	swe	Lis	properNoun	nor
Bjugn	properNoun	swe	Bjugn	properNoun	nor
Olene	properNoun	swe	Olene	properNoun	nor
Fossing	properNoun	swe	Fossing	properNoun	nor
Mihkujohka	properNoun	swe	Mihkujohka	properNoun	nor
Liu	properNoun	swe	Liu	properNoun	nor
Frøyabanken	properNoun	swe	Frøyabanken	properNoun	nor
Liv	properNoun	swe	Liv	properNoun	nor
Kolding	properNoun	swe	Kolding	properNoun	nor
Svensli	properNoun	swe	Svensli	properNoun	nor
Keskimäki	properNoun	swe	Keskimäki	properNoun	nor
Tamerlan	properNoun	swe	Tamerlan	properNoun	nor
Sirjon	properNoun	swe	Sirjon	properNoun	nor
Eggum	properNoun	swe	Eggum	properNoun	nor
Salimäki	properNoun	swe	Salimäki	properNoun	nor
Liz	properNoun	swe	Liz	properNoun	nor
Eckell	properNoun	swe	Eckell	properNoun	nor
Skorovatn	properNoun	swe	Skorovatn	properNoun	nor
Tolppa	properNoun	swe	Tolppa	properNoun	nor
Lintonen	properNoun	swe	Lintonen	properNoun	nor
Válbor	properNoun	swe	Válbor	properNoun	nor
Wilskow	properNoun	swe	Wilskow	properNoun	nor
Lohela	properNoun	swe	Lohela	properNoun	nor
Kuttab	properNoun	swe	Kuttab	properNoun	nor
Kaiponen	properNoun	swe	Kaiponen	properNoun	nor
Benedikte	properNoun	swe	Benedikte	properNoun	nor
Dalby	properNoun	swe	Dalby	properNoun	nor
Piiroinen	properNoun	swe	Piiroinen	properNoun	nor
Idun	properNoun	swe	Idun	properNoun	nor
Laalo	properNoun	swe	Laalo	properNoun	nor
Niilo	properNoun	swe	Niilo	properNoun	nor
Broadway	properNoun	swe	Broadway	properNoun	nor
Tonheim	properNoun	swe	Tonheim	properNoun	nor
Shumkin	properNoun	swe	Shumkin	properNoun	nor
Hintsanen	properNoun	swe	Hintsanen	properNoun	nor
Haataja	properNoun	swe	Haataja	properNoun	nor
Arizona	properNoun	swe	Arizona	properNoun	nor
Froland	properNoun	swe	Froland	properNoun	nor
Ørnes	properNoun	swe	Ørnes	properNoun	nor
Linderson	properNoun	swe	Linderson	properNoun	nor
Hynninen	properNoun	swe	Hynninen	properNoun	nor
Fedotov	properNoun	swe	Fedotov	properNoun	nor
Ábrrán	properNoun	swe	Ábrrán	properNoun	nor
Merisalo	properNoun	swe	Merisalo	properNoun	nor
FAD	properNoun	swe	FAD	properNoun	nor
Tolppi	properNoun	swe	Tolppi	properNoun	nor
Kuusiluoma	properNoun	swe	Kuusiluoma	properNoun	nor
Keimiöjärvi	properNoun	swe	Keimiöjärvi	properNoun	nor
Elle-Márjjá-jávri	properNoun	swe	Elle-Márjjá-jávri	properNoun	nor
Ebba	properNoun	swe	Ebba	properNoun	nor
Fadnes	properNoun	swe	Fadnes	properNoun	nor
Strandebarm	properNoun	swe	Strandebarm	properNoun	nor
Hvitsten	properNoun	swe	Hvitsten	properNoun	nor
Berentson	properNoun	swe	Berentson	properNoun	nor
Trasti	properNoun	swe	Trasti	properNoun	nor
Rueslåtten	properNoun	swe	Rueslåtten	properNoun	nor
Bindesbøll	properNoun	swe	Bindesbøll	properNoun	nor
Öst-Finnmark	properNoun	swe	Aust-Finnmark	properNoun	nor
Öst-Finnmark	properNoun	swe	Øst-Finnmark	properNoun	nor
Paasche	properNoun	swe	Paasche	properNoun	nor
Nystø	properNoun	swe	Nystø	properNoun	nor
Venke	properNoun	swe	Venke	properNoun	nor
Palsvik	properNoun	swe	Palsvik	properNoun	nor
Kokkoniemi	properNoun	swe	Kokkoniemi	properNoun	nor
Djønne	properNoun	swe	Djønne	properNoun	nor
Pöppönen	properNoun	swe	Pöppönen	properNoun	nor
Kvernroren	properNoun	swe	Kvernroren	properNoun	nor
Kilpi	properNoun	swe	Kilpi	properNoun	nor
Copernicus	properNoun	swe	Copernicus	properNoun	nor
Liias	properNoun	swe	Liias	properNoun	nor
Fasting	properNoun	swe	Fasting	properNoun	nor
Ahvenainen	properNoun	swe	Ahvenainen	properNoun	nor
Émile	properNoun	swe	Émile	properNoun	nor
Wiedswang	properNoun	swe	Wiedswang	properNoun	nor
Räisänen	properNoun	swe	Räisänen	properNoun	nor
Hánnoluohkká	properNoun	swe	Hánnoluohkká	properNoun	nor
Kujala	properNoun	swe	Kujala	properNoun	nor
Brimi	properNoun	swe	Brimi	properNoun	nor
Piteå	properNoun	swe	Piteå	properNoun	nor
Marklund	properNoun	swe	Marklund	properNoun	nor
Puolimatka	properNoun	swe	Puolimatka	properNoun	nor
Teusina	properNoun	swe	Teusina	properNoun	nor
Jakobson	properNoun	swe	Jakobson	properNoun	nor
Arktis	properNoun	swe	Arktis	properNoun	nor
Waarum	properNoun	swe	Waarum	properNoun	nor
Sipinen	properNoun	swe	Sipinen	properNoun	nor
Mossadek	properNoun	swe	Mossadek	properNoun	nor
Korpelainen	properNoun	swe	Korpelainen	properNoun	nor
Bjordal	properNoun	swe	Bjordal	properNoun	nor
Suontakanen	properNoun	swe	Suontakanen	properNoun	nor
Blien	properNoun	swe	Blien	properNoun	nor
Arnfinn	properNoun	swe	Arnfinn	properNoun	nor
Ørsal	properNoun	swe	Ørsal	properNoun	nor
Munkejord	properNoun	swe	Munkejord	properNoun	nor
Høie	properNoun	swe	Høie	properNoun	nor
Soudunsaari	properNoun	swe	Soudunsaari	properNoun	nor
Solvik	properNoun	swe	Solvik	properNoun	nor
Lehmussaari	properNoun	swe	Lehmussaari	properNoun	nor
Hirvensalo	properNoun	swe	Hirvensalo	properNoun	nor
Løvseth	properNoun	swe	Løvseth	properNoun	nor
Bakk	properNoun	swe	Bakk	properNoun	nor
Egdal	properNoun	swe	Egdal	properNoun	nor
Thorsson	properNoun	swe	Thorsson	properNoun	nor
Øren	properNoun	swe	Øren	properNoun	nor
Sigurd	properNoun	swe	Sigurd	properNoun	nor
Johanneson	properNoun	swe	Johanneson	properNoun	nor
Tirronen	properNoun	swe	Tirronen	properNoun	nor
Haso	properNoun	swe	Haso	properNoun	nor
Drolsum	properNoun	swe	Drolsum	properNoun	nor
Beatles	properNoun	swe	Beatles	properNoun	nor
Auschwitz	properNoun	swe	Auschwitz	properNoun	nor
Sukanen	properNoun	swe	Sukanen	properNoun	nor
Bohus	properNoun	swe	Bohus	properNoun	nor
Riffan	properNoun	swe	Riffan	properNoun	nor
Finnmarksvidda	properNoun	swe	Finnmarksvidda	properNoun	nor
Syrjämäki	properNoun	swe	Syrjämäki	properNoun	nor
Hurskainen	properNoun	swe	Hurskainen	properNoun	nor
Aromäki	properNoun	swe	Aromäki	properNoun	nor
Iskko	properNoun	swe	Iskko	properNoun	nor
Pukkinen	properNoun	swe	Pukkinen	properNoun	nor
Agamemnon	properNoun	swe	Agamemnon	properNoun	nor
Dyveke	properNoun	swe	Dyveke	properNoun	nor
Tonnes	properNoun	swe	Tonnes	properNoun	nor
Päkkilä	properNoun	swe	Päkkilä	properNoun	nor
Poseidon	properNoun	swe	Poseidon	properNoun	nor
Lappalainen	properNoun	swe	Lappalainen	properNoun	nor
Hårnes	properNoun	swe	Hårnes	properNoun	nor
Hasu	properNoun	swe	Hasu	properNoun	nor
Sikká	properNoun	swe	Sikká	properNoun	nor
Norbye	properNoun	swe	Norbye	properNoun	nor
Knive	properNoun	swe	Knive	properNoun	nor
Baku	properNoun	swe	Baku	properNoun	nor
Josát-Per-várri	properNoun	swe	Josát-Per-várri	properNoun	nor
Mæl	properNoun	swe	Mæl	properNoun	nor
Haatanen	properNoun	swe	Haatanen	properNoun	nor
Meldal	properNoun	swe	Meldal	properNoun	nor
Høegh	properNoun	swe	Høegh	properNoun	nor
Val	properNoun	swe	Val	properNoun	nor
Grorud	properNoun	swe	Grorud	properNoun	nor
Zjdanov	properNoun	swe	Zjdanov	properNoun	nor
Tuoremaa	properNoun	swe	Tuoremaa	properNoun	nor
van	properNoun	swe	van	properNoun	nor
Pispa	properNoun	swe	Pispa	properNoun	nor
Komaretckaja	properNoun	swe	Komaretckaja	properNoun	nor
Hvoslef	properNoun	swe	Hvoslef	properNoun	nor
Brockmeyer	properNoun	swe	Brockmeyer	properNoun	nor
Molteberg	properNoun	swe	Molteberg	properNoun	nor
Leivonen	properNoun	swe	Leivonen	properNoun	nor
Jarveläinen	properNoun	swe	Jarveläinen	properNoun	nor
Hirvinen	properNoun	swe	Hirvinen	properNoun	nor
Hintikka	properNoun	swe	Hintikka	properNoun	nor
Janson	properNoun	swe	Janson	properNoun	nor
Ánde	properNoun	swe	Ánde	properNoun	nor
Mäkirinta	properNoun	swe	Mäkirinta	properNoun	nor
Aaltola	properNoun	swe	Aaltola	properNoun	nor
Tarva	properNoun	swe	Tarva	properNoun	nor
Kloegázzi	properNoun	swe	Kloegázzi	properNoun	nor
Var	properNoun	swe	Var	properNoun	nor
Theisen	properNoun	swe	Theisen	properNoun	nor
Ruusu	properNoun	swe	Ruusu	properNoun	nor
Inderøy	properNoun	swe	Inderøy	properNoun	nor
SMS	properNoun	swe	SMS	properNoun	nor
Kajala	properNoun	swe	Kajala	properNoun	nor
Ándi	properNoun	swe	Ándi	properNoun	nor
Bæskades	properNoun	swe	Bæskades	properNoun	nor
Keyser	properNoun	swe	Keyser	properNoun	nor
Halminen	properNoun	swe	Halminen	properNoun	nor
Varisjohka	properNoun	swe	Varisjohka	properNoun	nor
Savvinov	properNoun	swe	Savvinov	properNoun	nor
Charlottenborg	properNoun	swe	Charlottenborg	properNoun	nor
Bearačielgi	properNoun	swe	Bearačielgi	properNoun	nor
Award	properNoun	swe	Award	properNoun	nor
Ingvaldssen	properNoun	swe	Ingvaldssen	properNoun	nor
Selmer	properNoun	swe	Selmer	properNoun	nor
Kjose	properNoun	swe	Kjose	properNoun	nor
Kansa	properNoun	swe	Kansa	properNoun	nor
Morris	properNoun	swe	Morris	properNoun	nor
Hammerfest	properNoun	swe	Hammerfest	properNoun	nor
Loen	properNoun	swe	Loen	properNoun	nor
Rondane	properNoun	swe	Rondane	properNoun	nor
Nerheim	properNoun	swe	Nerheim	properNoun	nor
Fulda	properNoun	swe	Fulda	properNoun	nor
Monaco	properNoun	swe	Monaco	properNoun	nor
Luukkonen	properNoun	swe	Luukkonen	properNoun	nor
Lena	properNoun	swe	Lena	properNoun	nor
Sigurdsen	properNoun	swe	Sigurdsen	properNoun	nor
Ucherman	properNoun	swe	Ucherman	properNoun	nor
Mallorca	properNoun	swe	Mallorca	properNoun	nor
Saranen	properNoun	swe	Saranen	properNoun	nor
Luukkala	properNoun	swe	Luukkala	properNoun	nor
Hyrkäs	properNoun	swe	Hyrkäs	properNoun	nor
Ture	properNoun	swe	Ture	properNoun	nor
Harold	properNoun	swe	Harold	properNoun	nor
Watne	properNoun	swe	Watne	properNoun	nor
Romu	properNoun	swe	Romu	properNoun	nor
Lavonen	properNoun	swe	Lavonen	properNoun	nor
Hourula	properNoun	swe	Hourula	properNoun	nor
Bjørgum	properNoun	swe	Bjørgum	properNoun	nor
Idumeas	properNoun	swe	Idumeas	properNoun	nor
Lene	properNoun	swe	Lene	properNoun	nor
Tapiola	properNoun	swe	Tapiola	properNoun	nor
Martimo	properNoun	swe	Martimo	properNoun	nor
Epaminondas	properNoun	swe	Epaminondas	properNoun	nor
Saviluoto	properNoun	swe	Saviluoto	properNoun	nor
Krokmo	properNoun	swe	Krokmo	properNoun	nor
Bodø	properNoun	swe	Bodø	properNoun	nor
Eriksen	properNoun	swe	Eriksen	properNoun	nor
Janteloven	properNoun	swe	Janteloven	properNoun	nor
Turi	properNoun	swe	Turi	properNoun	nor
Auli	properNoun	swe	Auli	properNoun	nor
Rousku	properNoun	swe	Rousku	properNoun	nor
Huotari	properNoun	swe	Huotari	properNoun	nor
Turk	properNoun	swe	Turk	properNoun	nor
Knapper	properNoun	swe	Knapper	properNoun	nor
Nord-Europa	properNoun	swe	Nord-Europa	properNoun	nor
Juvvin	properNoun	swe	Juvvin	properNoun	nor
Emmá	properNoun	swe	Emmá	properNoun	nor
Trones	properNoun	swe	Trones	properNoun	nor
Soelberg	properNoun	swe	Soelberg	properNoun	nor
Paappanen	properNoun	swe	Paappanen	properNoun	nor
Sandal	properNoun	swe	Sandal	properNoun	nor
Haifa	properNoun	swe	Haifa	properNoun	nor
Raimond	properNoun	swe	Raimond	properNoun	nor
Nikola	properNoun	swe	Nikola	properNoun	nor
Hendá	properNoun	swe	Hendá	properNoun	nor
Hallvor	properNoun	swe	Hallvor	properNoun	nor
Venche	properNoun	swe	Venche	properNoun	nor
Davidsen	properNoun	swe	Davidsen	properNoun	nor
Motzfeldt	properNoun	swe	Motzfeldt	properNoun	nor
Guttersrud	properNoun	swe	Guttersrud	properNoun	nor
Skovnæs	properNoun	swe	Skovnæs	properNoun	nor
Nordvang	properNoun	swe	Nordvang	properNoun	nor
Forsnes	properNoun	swe	Forsnes	properNoun	nor
Pekkonen	properNoun	swe	Pekkonen	properNoun	nor
Kutvonen	properNoun	swe	Kutvonen	properNoun	nor
Gutt	properNoun	swe	Gutt	properNoun	nor
Lønning	properNoun	swe	Lønning	properNoun	nor
Sikkájohka	properNoun	swe	Sikkájohka	properNoun	nor
Lestadius	properNoun	swe	Lestadius	properNoun	nor
Untak	properNoun	swe	Untak	properNoun	nor
Lemmoroavvi	properNoun	swe	Lemmoroavvi	properNoun	nor
Kontola	properNoun	swe	Kontola	properNoun	nor
Evensen	properNoun	swe	Evensen	properNoun	nor
Stenvold	properNoun	swe	Stenvold	properNoun	nor
Losvik	properNoun	swe	Losvik	properNoun	nor
Braktoft	properNoun	swe	Braktoft	properNoun	nor
Aaltio	properNoun	swe	Aaltio	properNoun	nor
Meinich-Olsen	properNoun	swe	Meinich-Olsen	properNoun	nor
Garantikassen	properNoun	swe	Garantikassen	properNoun	nor
Kiruna	properNoun	swe	Kiruna	properNoun	nor
Skærbæk	properNoun	swe	Skærbæk	properNoun	nor
Kankare	properNoun	swe	Kankare	properNoun	nor
Alehtta	properNoun	swe	Alehtta	properNoun	nor
Dubai	properNoun	swe	Dubai	properNoun	nor
Mustad	properNoun	swe	Mustad	properNoun	nor
Kulmala	properNoun	swe	Kulmala	properNoun	nor
Ráipis	properNoun	swe	Ráipis	properNoun	nor
Herlof	properNoun	swe	Herlof	properNoun	nor
NRK	properNoun	swe	NRK	properNoun	nor
Leikanger	properNoun	swe	Leikanger	properNoun	nor
Kärmeniemi	properNoun	swe	Kärmeniemi	properNoun	nor
Kuusimäki	properNoun	swe	Kuusimäki	properNoun	nor
Beichman	properNoun	swe	Beichman	properNoun	nor
FBI	properNoun	swe	FBI	properNoun	nor
Sirola	properNoun	swe	Sirola	properNoun	nor
Reierssen	properNoun	swe	Reierssen	properNoun	nor
Guyana	properNoun	swe	Guyana	properNoun	nor
Linchausen	properNoun	swe	Linchausen	properNoun	nor
Innocens	properNoun	swe	Innocens	properNoun	nor
Ámmonjávri	properNoun	swe	Ámmonjávri	properNoun	nor
Hasanen	properNoun	swe	Hasanen	properNoun	nor
Arvenjárga	properNoun	swe	Arvenjárga	properNoun	nor
Worth	properNoun	swe	Worth	properNoun	nor
Kamtsjatka	properNoun	swe	Kamtsjatka	properNoun	nor
Vuorela	properNoun	swe	Vuorela	properNoun	nor
Rumohr	properNoun	swe	Rumohr	properNoun	nor
Güberg	properNoun	swe	Güberg	properNoun	nor
Tyynelä	properNoun	swe	Tyynelä	properNoun	nor
Sletner	properNoun	swe	Sletner	properNoun	nor
León	properNoun	swe	León	properNoun	nor
Wyoming	properNoun	swe	Wyoming	properNoun	nor
Goa	properNoun	swe	Goa	properNoun	nor
Valkama	properNoun	swe	Valkama	properNoun	nor
Babar	properNoun	swe	Babar	properNoun	nor
Slemmestad	properNoun	swe	Slemmestad	properNoun	nor
Kopponen	properNoun	swe	Kopponen	properNoun	nor
Biret	properNoun	swe	Biret	properNoun	nor
Hjørdis	properNoun	swe	Hjørdis	properNoun	nor
Hunnakko	properNoun	swe	Hunnakko	properNoun	nor
Gullstein	properNoun	swe	Gullstein	properNoun	nor
Franken	properNoun	swe	Franken	properNoun	nor
Brink	properNoun	swe	Brink	properNoun	nor
Vitikka	properNoun	swe	Vitikka	properNoun	nor
Vahteristo	properNoun	swe	Vahteristo	properNoun	nor
Simonssen	properNoun	swe	Simonssen	properNoun	nor
Kovdor	properNoun	swe	Kovdor	properNoun	nor
Janna	properNoun	swe	Janna	properNoun	nor
Bäärnhielm	properNoun	swe	Bäärnhielm	properNoun	nor
Bergseng	properNoun	swe	Bergseng	properNoun	nor
Melvin	properNoun	swe	Melvin	properNoun	nor
Opsal	properNoun	swe	Opsal	properNoun	nor
Hussein	properNoun	swe	Hussein	properNoun	nor
Kuorak	properNoun	swe	Kuorak	properNoun	nor
Iserlohn	properNoun	swe	Iserlohn	properNoun	nor
Jonatan	properNoun	swe	Jonatan	properNoun	nor
Bali	properNoun	swe	Bali	properNoun	nor
Amanda	properNoun	swe	Amanda	properNoun	nor
Schlachter	properNoun	swe	Schlachter	properNoun	nor
Janne	properNoun	swe	Janne	properNoun	nor
Nauha	properNoun	swe	Nauha	properNoun	nor
Balk	properNoun	swe	Balk	properNoun	nor
Gol	properNoun	swe	Gol	properNoun	nor
Kågen	properNoun	swe	Kågen	properNoun	nor
Halhjem	properNoun	swe	Halhjem	properNoun	nor
Hautamaa	properNoun	swe	Hautamaa	properNoun	nor
Suojärvi	properNoun	swe	Suojärvi	properNoun	nor
Petra	properNoun	swe	Petra	properNoun	nor
Janni	properNoun	swe	Janni	properNoun	nor
Birkenes	properNoun	swe	Birkenes	properNoun	nor
Jalovaara	properNoun	swe	Jalovaara	properNoun	nor
Cristine	properNoun	swe	Cristine	properNoun	nor
Thorvaldsson	properNoun	swe	Thorvaldsson	properNoun	nor
Nordal	properNoun	swe	Nordal	properNoun	nor
Jaguar	properNoun	swe	Jaguar	properNoun	nor
Thorne	properNoun	swe	Thorne	properNoun	nor
Kaijalainen	properNoun	swe	Kaijalainen	properNoun	nor
Granefjeld	properNoun	swe	Granefjeld	properNoun	nor
Petre	properNoun	swe	Petre	properNoun	nor
Magdiel	properNoun	swe	Magdiel	properNoun	nor
Amandus	properNoun	swe	Amandus	properNoun	nor
Vedum	properNoun	swe	Vedum	properNoun	nor
Bals	properNoun	swe	Bals	properNoun	nor
Bjerknes	properNoun	swe	Bjerknes	properNoun	nor
Kostian	properNoun	swe	Kostian	properNoun	nor
Koestler	properNoun	swe	Koestler	properNoun	nor
Tastesen	properNoun	swe	Tastesen	properNoun	nor
Ramos	properNoun	swe	Ramos	properNoun	nor
Pipinen	properNoun	swe	Pipinen	properNoun	nor
Lindesberg	properNoun	swe	Lindesberg	properNoun	nor
Turpeinen	properNoun	swe	Turpeinen	properNoun	nor
Petri	properNoun	swe	Petri	properNoun	nor
Ryen	properNoun	swe	Ryen	properNoun	nor
HVPU	properNoun	swe	HVPU	properNoun	nor
Sohkanen	properNoun	swe	Sohkanen	properNoun	nor
Kaksonen	properNoun	swe	Kaksonen	properNoun	nor
Thrine	properNoun	swe	Thrine	properNoun	nor
Lemmetti	properNoun	swe	Lemmetti	properNoun	nor
Ersson	properNoun	swe	Ersson	properNoun	nor
Bundesen	properNoun	swe	Bundesen	properNoun	nor
Antar	properNoun	swe	Antar	properNoun	nor
Motala	properNoun	swe	Motala	properNoun	nor
ASEA	properNoun	swe	ASEA	properNoun	nor
Essen	properNoun	swe	Essen	properNoun	nor
Tasjkent	properNoun	swe	Tasjkent	properNoun	nor
Amble	properNoun	swe	Amble	properNoun	nor
Ahlsen	properNoun	swe	Ahlsen	properNoun	nor
Sørlandet	properNoun	swe	Sørlandet	properNoun	nor
Akaba	properNoun	swe	Akaba	properNoun	nor
Lamminmäki	properNoun	swe	Lamminmäki	properNoun	nor
Hautala	properNoun	swe	Hautala	properNoun	nor
Evjen	properNoun	swe	Evjen	properNoun	nor
Skikda	properNoun	swe	Skikda	properNoun	nor
Ruutu	properNoun	swe	Ruutu	properNoun	nor
Rong	properNoun	swe	Rong	properNoun	nor
Janny	properNoun	swe	Janny	properNoun	nor
Benjaminssen	properNoun	swe	Benjaminssen	properNoun	nor
Vedvik	properNoun	swe	Vedvik	properNoun	nor
Tretjakova	properNoun	swe	Tretjakova	properNoun	nor
Tahvonen	properNoun	swe	Tahvonen	properNoun	nor
Andropov	properNoun	swe	Andropov	properNoun	nor
Martina	properNoun	swe	Martina	properNoun	nor
Mortengeađggenjárga	properNoun	swe	Mortengeađggenjárga	properNoun	nor
Ahas	properNoun	swe	Ahas	properNoun	nor
Vatnestrøm	properNoun	swe	Vatnestrøm	properNoun	nor
Queensland	properNoun	swe	Queensland	properNoun	nor
Nättinen	properNoun	swe	Nättinen	properNoun	nor
Myllyharju	properNoun	swe	Myllyharju	properNoun	nor
Kråik	properNoun	swe	Kråik	properNoun	nor
Fredrikssen	properNoun	swe	Fredrikssen	properNoun	nor
Essex	properNoun	swe	Essex	properNoun	nor
Sundby	properNoun	swe	Sundby	properNoun	nor
Martine	properNoun	swe	Martine	properNoun	nor
Kalliokoski	properNoun	swe	Kalliokoski	properNoun	nor
Stavem	properNoun	swe	Stavem	properNoun	nor
Röppänen	properNoun	swe	Röppänen	properNoun	nor
Heikkuri	properNoun	swe	Heikkuri	properNoun	nor
Chengchow	properNoun	swe	Chengchow	properNoun	nor
Staven	properNoun	swe	Staven	properNoun	nor
Papinaho	properNoun	swe	Papinaho	properNoun	nor
Mjaavatn	properNoun	swe	Mjaavatn	properNoun	nor
Kallestad	properNoun	swe	Kallestad	properNoun	nor
Gábe	properNoun	swe	Gábe	properNoun	nor
Ahoniemi	properNoun	swe	Ahoniemi	properNoun	nor
Kariba	properNoun	swe	Kariba	properNoun	nor
Tuisku	properNoun	swe	Tuisku	properNoun	nor
Lemmetty	properNoun	swe	Lemmetty	properNoun	nor
Nuka	properNoun	swe	Nuka	properNoun	nor
Minda	properNoun	swe	Minda	properNoun	nor
Rowley	properNoun	swe	Rowley	properNoun	nor
Marjanen	properNoun	swe	Marjanen	properNoun	nor
Edmonton	properNoun	swe	Edmonton	properNoun	nor
Grimstad	properNoun	swe	Grimstad	properNoun	nor
Minde	properNoun	swe	Minde	properNoun	nor
Williams	properNoun	swe	Williams	properNoun	nor
Sikanen	properNoun	swe	Sikanen	properNoun	nor
Forberg	properNoun	swe	Forberg	properNoun	nor
Ludviksen	properNoun	swe	Ludviksen	properNoun	nor
Smuk	properNoun	swe	Smuk	properNoun	nor
Løkke	properNoun	swe	Løkke	properNoun	nor
Holtsmark	properNoun	swe	Holtsmark	properNoun	nor
Tuapse	properNoun	swe	Tuapse	properNoun	nor
Teien	properNoun	swe	Teien	properNoun	nor
Kanto	properNoun	swe	Kanto	properNoun	nor
Egeberg	properNoun	swe	Egeberg	properNoun	nor
Austertana	properNoun	swe	Austertana	properNoun	nor
Amtmann	properNoun	swe	Amtmann	properNoun	nor
Turku	properNoun	swe	Turku	properNoun	nor
Leon	properNoun	swe	Leon	properNoun	nor
Witzøe	properNoun	swe	Witzøe	properNoun	nor
Pitkäniemi	properNoun	swe	Pitkäniemi	properNoun	nor
Haapasalo	properNoun	swe	Haapasalo	properNoun	nor
Gunhild	properNoun	swe	Gunhild	properNoun	nor
Mitrofan	properNoun	swe	Mitrofan	properNoun	nor
Kirkevann	properNoun	swe	Kirkevann	properNoun	nor
NSB	properNoun	swe	NSB	properNoun	nor
Følvik	properNoun	swe	Følvik	properNoun	nor
Maryon	properNoun	swe	Maryon	properNoun	nor
Pätynen	properNoun	swe	Pätynen	properNoun	nor
Kjerkeneset	properNoun	swe	Kjerkeneset	properNoun	nor
Jaakonaho	properNoun	swe	Jaakonaho	properNoun	nor
Brekkeidet	properNoun	swe	Brekkeidet	properNoun	nor
Böhmen	properNoun	swe	Böhmen	properNoun	nor
Birkelunden	properNoun	swe	Birkelunden	properNoun	nor
Øvergård	properNoun	swe	Øvergård	properNoun	nor
Stor-Elvdal	properNoun	swe	Stor-Elvdal	properNoun	nor
Fritjof	properNoun	swe	Fritjof	properNoun	nor
Tharaldsen	properNoun	swe	Tharaldsen	properNoun	nor
Jøran	properNoun	swe	Jøran	properNoun	nor
Theresa	properNoun	swe	Theresa	properNoun	nor
Alasuutari	properNoun	swe	Alasuutari	properNoun	nor
Hánsa	properNoun	swe	Hánsa	properNoun	nor
Rygge	properNoun	swe	Rygge	properNoun	nor
Jussilainen	properNoun	swe	Jussilainen	properNoun	nor
Greverud	properNoun	swe	Greverud	properNoun	nor
Állet	properNoun	swe	Állet	properNoun	nor
Modum	properNoun	swe	Modum	properNoun	nor
Lerheim	properNoun	swe	Lerheim	properNoun	nor
Therese	properNoun	swe	Therese	properNoun	nor
Tiedemann	properNoun	swe	Tiedemann	properNoun	nor
Somby	properNoun	swe	Somby	properNoun	nor
Kallinen	properNoun	swe	Kallinen	properNoun	nor
Halfdan	properNoun	swe	Halfdan	properNoun	nor
Radiumhospitalet	properNoun	swe	Radiumhospitalet	properNoun	nor
Ninja	properNoun	swe	Ninja	properNoun	nor
Lompolo-Viina	properNoun	swe	Lompolo-Viina	properNoun	nor
Vansina	properNoun	swe	Vansina	properNoun	nor
Storbakk	properNoun	swe	Storbakk	properNoun	nor
Pavarotti	properNoun	swe	Pavarotti	properNoun	nor
Mikkelbostad	properNoun	swe	Mikkelbostad	properNoun	nor
Halldis	properNoun	swe	Halldis	properNoun	nor
Saariaho	properNoun	swe	Saariaho	properNoun	nor
Aabakken	properNoun	swe	Aabakken	properNoun	nor
Helmersen	properNoun	swe	Helmersen	properNoun	nor
Interpol	properNoun	swe	Interpol	properNoun	nor
Haug	properNoun	swe	Haug	properNoun	nor
Moskva	properNoun	swe	Moskva	properNoun	nor
Sluč	properNoun	swe	Sluč	properNoun	nor
Waldemar	properNoun	swe	Waldemar	properNoun	nor
Nerlien	properNoun	swe	Nerlien	properNoun	nor
Märsylä	properNoun	swe	Märsylä	properNoun	nor
Snarum	properNoun	swe	Snarum	properNoun	nor
Hauk	properNoun	swe	Hauk	properNoun	nor
Gram	properNoun	swe	Gram	properNoun	nor
Gerrie	properNoun	swe	Gerrie	properNoun	nor
Frosta	properNoun	swe	Frosta	properNoun	nor
Bayer	properNoun	swe	Bayer	properNoun	nor
Orleans	properNoun	swe	Orleans	properNoun	nor
Gran	properNoun	swe	Gran	properNoun	nor
Maksimainen	properNoun	swe	Maksimainen	properNoun	nor
Hanssøn	properNoun	swe	Hanssøn	properNoun	nor
Peggy	properNoun	swe	Peggy	properNoun	nor
Eurovisjon	properNoun	swe	Eurovisjon	properNoun	nor
Hánsu	properNoun	swe	Hánsu	properNoun	nor
Atlanterhavspakten	properNoun	swe	Atlanterhavspakten	properNoun	nor
Vaal	properNoun	swe	Vaal	properNoun	nor
Steinholt	properNoun	swe	Steinholt	properNoun	nor
Octavanius	properNoun	swe	Octavanius	properNoun	nor
Duong	properNoun	swe	Duong	properNoun	nor
Steinli	properNoun	swe	Steinli	properNoun	nor
Sjukov	properNoun	swe	Sjukov	properNoun	nor
Marttunen	properNoun	swe	Marttunen	properNoun	nor
Håheim	properNoun	swe	Håheim	properNoun	nor
Haus	properNoun	swe	Haus	properNoun	nor
Grav	properNoun	swe	Grav	properNoun	nor
Hyötyläinen	properNoun	swe	Hyötyläinen	properNoun	nor
Helmersson	properNoun	swe	Helmersson	properNoun	nor
Trujillo	properNoun	swe	Trujillo	properNoun	nor
Toljamo	properNoun	swe	Toljamo	properNoun	nor
Olavsson	properNoun	swe	Olavsson	properNoun	nor
Sametinget	properNoun	swe	Sametinget	properNoun	nor
Hallfred	properNoun	swe	Hallfred	properNoun	nor
Romsdalen	properNoun	swe	Romsdalen	properNoun	nor
Austad	properNoun	swe	Austad	properNoun	nor
Martti	properNoun	swe	Martti	properNoun	nor
Thoralf	properNoun	swe	Thoralf	properNoun	nor
Nordseth	properNoun	swe	Nordseth	properNoun	nor
Vest-Finnmark	properNoun	swe	Vest-Finnmark	properNoun	nor
Sør-Dakota	properNoun	swe	Sør-Dakota	properNoun	nor
Falkeelva	properNoun	swe	Falkeelva	properNoun	nor
Mucius	properNoun	swe	Mucius	properNoun	nor
Mikkol	properNoun	swe	Mikkol	properNoun	nor
Channel	properNoun	swe	Channel	properNoun	nor
Vaksdal	properNoun	swe	Vaksdal	properNoun	nor
Torborg	properNoun	swe	Torborg	properNoun	nor
Toverød	properNoun	swe	Toverød	properNoun	nor
Benned	properNoun	swe	Benned	properNoun	nor
Roosevelt	properNoun	swe	Roosevelt	properNoun	nor
Albrigtssen	properNoun	swe	Albrigtssen	properNoun	nor
Høyvik	properNoun	swe	Høyvik	properNoun	nor
Nordby	properNoun	swe	Nordby	properNoun	nor
Afrika	properNoun	swe	Afrika	properNoun	nor
Iŋggávággi	properNoun	swe	Iŋggávággi	properNoun	nor
Solbakke	properNoun	swe	Solbakke	properNoun	nor
Schwartz	properNoun	swe	Schwartz	properNoun	nor
Kjelsrud	properNoun	swe	Kjelsrud	properNoun	nor
Hjelm	properNoun	swe	Hjelm	properNoun	nor
TVNorge	properNoun	swe	TVNorge	properNoun	nor
Sylling	properNoun	swe	Sylling	properNoun	nor
Fevåg	properNoun	swe	Fevåg	properNoun	nor
Smedstad	properNoun	swe	Smedstad	properNoun	nor
Olberg	properNoun	swe	Olberg	properNoun	nor
Pepperstad	properNoun	swe	Pepperstad	properNoun	nor
Mäkinen	properNoun	swe	Mäkinen	properNoun	nor
Rindal	properNoun	swe	Rindal	properNoun	nor
Boeck	properNoun	swe	Boeck	properNoun	nor
Ruokola	properNoun	swe	Ruokola	properNoun	nor
Thoralv	properNoun	swe	Thoralv	properNoun	nor
Ingrid	properNoun	swe	Ingrid	properNoun	nor
Setesdal	properNoun	swe	Setesdal	properNoun	nor
Nyrud	properNoun	swe	Nyrud	properNoun	nor
Ibrahim	properNoun	swe	Ibrahim	properNoun	nor
Diego	properNoun	swe	Diego	properNoun	nor
Airas	properNoun	swe	Airas	properNoun	nor
Marthinsson	properNoun	swe	Marthinsson	properNoun	nor
Roos	properNoun	swe	Roos	properNoun	nor
Havukainen	properNoun	swe	Havukainen	properNoun	nor
Aune	properNoun	swe	Aune	properNoun	nor
Krokom	properNoun	swe	Krokom	properNoun	nor
Dalen	properNoun	swe	Dalen	properNoun	nor
Sykkylven	properNoun	swe	Sykkylven	properNoun	nor
Westlie	properNoun	swe	Westlie	properNoun	nor
Vorland	properNoun	swe	Vorland	properNoun	nor
Elsilä	properNoun	swe	Elsilä	properNoun	nor
Boston	properNoun	swe	Boston	properNoun	nor
Dyrekretsen	properNoun	swe	Dyrekretsen	properNoun	nor
Bud	properNoun	swe	Bud	properNoun	nor
Nasser	properNoun	swe	Nasser	properNoun	nor
Bue	properNoun	swe	Bue	properNoun	nor
Lindesnes	properNoun	swe	Lindesnes	properNoun	nor
Frydenlund	properNoun	swe	Frydenlund	properNoun	nor
Dalheim	properNoun	swe	Dalheim	properNoun	nor
Bug	properNoun	swe	Bug	properNoun	nor
Finisterre	properNoun	swe	Finisterre	properNoun	nor
Karibia	properNoun	swe	Karibia	properNoun	nor
Nylund	properNoun	swe	Nylund	properNoun	nor
Blegen	properNoun	swe	Blegen	properNoun	nor
Rimini	properNoun	swe	Rimini	properNoun	nor
Bagdad	properNoun	swe	Bagdad	properNoun	nor
Jovssebajohka	properNoun	swe	Jovssebajohka	properNoun	nor
Nyrup	properNoun	swe	Nyrup	properNoun	nor
Jan-Einar	properNoun	swe	Jan-Einar	properNoun	nor
Deahppánnuorri	properNoun	swe	Deahppánnuorri	properNoun	nor
Väkkäräinen	properNoun	swe	Väkkäräinen	properNoun	nor
Havemann	properNoun	swe	Havemann	properNoun	nor
Lepo	properNoun	swe	Lepo	properNoun	nor
Ottawa	properNoun	swe	Ottawa	properNoun	nor
Joveng	properNoun	swe	Joveng	properNoun	nor
Johá	properNoun	swe	Johá	properNoun	nor
Othelie	properNoun	swe	Othelie	properNoun	nor
Svenson	properNoun	swe	Svenson	properNoun	nor
NTB	properNoun	swe	NTB	properNoun	nor
Nissilä	properNoun	swe	Nissilä	properNoun	nor
Malmheim	properNoun	swe	Malmheim	properNoun	nor
Højen	properNoun	swe	Højen	properNoun	nor
Universitas	properNoun	swe	Universitas	properNoun	nor
Pirtijärvi	properNoun	swe	Pirtijärvi	properNoun	nor
Wiklund	properNoun	swe	Wiklund	properNoun	nor
Pihlaja	properNoun	swe	Pihlaja	properNoun	nor
Kurunsaari	properNoun	swe	Kurunsaari	properNoun	nor
Ristolainen	properNoun	swe	Ristolainen	properNoun	nor
Näkkäläjärvi	properNoun	swe	Näkkäläjärvi	properNoun	nor
Højer	properNoun	swe	Højer	properNoun	nor
Hilbjørg	properNoun	swe	Hilbjørg	properNoun	nor
Trier	properNoun	swe	Trier	properNoun	nor
Tohmo	properNoun	swe	Tohmo	properNoun	nor
Kaslund	properNoun	swe	Kaslund	properNoun	nor
Ommot	properNoun	swe	Ommot	properNoun	nor
NTH	properNoun	swe	NTH	properNoun	nor
Ossi	properNoun	swe	Ossi	properNoun	nor
Drake	properNoun	swe	Drake	properNoun	nor
Lená	properNoun	swe	Lená	properNoun	nor
Newark-on-Trent	properNoun	swe	Newark-on-Trent	properNoun	nor
Beira	properNoun	swe	Beira	properNoun	nor
Arakne	properNoun	swe	Arakne	properNoun	nor
Sarre	properNoun	swe	Sarre	properNoun	nor
Jøssang	properNoun	swe	Jøssang	properNoun	nor
Ullensvang	properNoun	swe	Ullensvang	properNoun	nor
Venne	properNoun	swe	Venne	properNoun	nor
Mikkonen	properNoun	swe	Mikkonen	properNoun	nor
Kaufman	properNoun	swe	Kaufman	properNoun	nor
Joutsi	properNoun	swe	Joutsi	properNoun	nor
Hellig	properNoun	swe	Hellig	properNoun	nor
Vaumund	properNoun	swe	Vaumund	properNoun	nor
Stein-Inge	properNoun	swe	Stein-Inge	properNoun	nor
Wikipedia	properNoun	swe	Wikipedia	properNoun	nor
Höger	properNoun	swe	Høgre	properNoun	nor
Höger	properNoun	swe	Høyre	properNoun	nor
Kansanaho	properNoun	swe	Kansanaho	properNoun	nor
Kjellssen	properNoun	swe	Kjellssen	properNoun	nor
Tælavåg	properNoun	swe	Tælavåg	properNoun	nor
Salokoski	properNoun	swe	Salokoski	properNoun	nor
Krebs	properNoun	swe	Krebs	properNoun	nor
Áike	properNoun	swe	Áike	properNoun	nor
Kåresen	properNoun	swe	Kåresen	properNoun	nor
Ylikotila	properNoun	swe	Ylikotila	properNoun	nor
Lægreid	properNoun	swe	Lægreid	properNoun	nor
Hipponaks	properNoun	swe	Hipponaks	properNoun	nor
Filologos	properNoun	swe	Filologos	properNoun	nor
Bartnes	properNoun	swe	Bartnes	properNoun	nor
Herdal	properNoun	swe	Herdal	properNoun	nor
Haapalainen	properNoun	swe	Haapalainen	properNoun	nor
Myllynen	properNoun	swe	Myllynen	properNoun	nor
Matheson	properNoun	swe	Matheson	properNoun	nor
Huunonen	properNoun	swe	Huunonen	properNoun	nor
Airamo	properNoun	swe	Airamo	properNoun	nor
Housken	properNoun	swe	Housken	properNoun	nor
Bertolt	properNoun	swe	Bertolt	properNoun	nor
Åram	properNoun	swe	Åram	properNoun	nor
Horsgard	properNoun	swe	Horsgard	properNoun	nor
Sakudievvá	properNoun	swe	Sakudievvá	properNoun	nor
Isku	properNoun	swe	Isku	properNoun	nor
Vaksvik	properNoun	swe	Vaksvik	properNoun	nor
Gulli	properNoun	swe	Gulli	properNoun	nor
Bang	properNoun	swe	Bang	properNoun	nor
Hogne	properNoun	swe	Hogne	properNoun	nor
Eber	properNoun	swe	Eber	properNoun	nor
Antifon	properNoun	swe	Antifon	properNoun	nor
Hitler	properNoun	swe	Hitler	properNoun	nor
Haukka	properNoun	swe	Haukka	properNoun	nor
Vahvaselkä	properNoun	swe	Vahvaselkä	properNoun	nor
Margit	properNoun	swe	Margit	properNoun	nor
Savola	properNoun	swe	Savola	properNoun	nor
Bank	properNoun	swe	Bank	properNoun	nor
Stryn	properNoun	swe	Stryn	properNoun	nor
Kaaja	properNoun	swe	Kaaja	properNoun	nor
Lyngdal	properNoun	swe	Lyngdal	properNoun	nor
Tuunainen	properNoun	swe	Tuunainen	properNoun	nor
Rygg	properNoun	swe	Rygg	properNoun	nor
Kestilä	properNoun	swe	Kestilä	properNoun	nor
Figiel	properNoun	swe	Figiel	properNoun	nor
Tronnssen	properNoun	swe	Tronnssen	properNoun	nor
SPD	properNoun	swe	SPD	properNoun	nor
Sallila	properNoun	swe	Sallila	properNoun	nor
Natunen	properNoun	swe	Natunen	properNoun	nor
Kärenlampi	properNoun	swe	Kärenlampi	properNoun	nor
Leonhard	properNoun	swe	Leonhard	properNoun	nor
Kypris	properNoun	swe	Kypris	properNoun	nor
Rygh	properNoun	swe	Rygh	properNoun	nor
Hannikainen	properNoun	swe	Hannikainen	properNoun	nor
De Geer	properNoun	swe	De Geer	properNoun	nor
Lindstad	properNoun	swe	Lindstad	properNoun	nor
Kalvåg	properNoun	swe	Kalvåg	properNoun	nor
Havu	properNoun	swe	Havu	properNoun	nor
Victoriasjøen	properNoun	swe	Victoriasjøen	properNoun	nor
Benna	properNoun	swe	Benna	properNoun	nor
Tuula-Maija	properNoun	swe	Tuula-Maija	properNoun	nor
Kopperud	properNoun	swe	Kopperud	properNoun	nor
Kørner	properNoun	swe	Kørner	properNoun	nor
Jepsen	properNoun	swe	Jepsen	properNoun	nor
Rosvold	properNoun	swe	Rosvold	properNoun	nor
Arvinen	properNoun	swe	Arvinen	properNoun	nor
Hitrasyken	properNoun	swe	Hitrasyken	properNoun	nor
Nationaltheatret	properNoun	swe	Nationaltheatret	properNoun	nor
Gudvangen	properNoun	swe	Gudvangen	properNoun	nor
Schauman	properNoun	swe	Schauman	properNoun	nor
Commons	properNoun	swe	Commons	properNoun	nor
Messias	properNoun	swe	Messias	properNoun	nor
Mamontova	properNoun	swe	Mamontova	properNoun	nor
Kuuluvainen	properNoun	swe	Kuuluvainen	properNoun	nor
Andressen	properNoun	swe	Andressen	properNoun	nor
Pokka	properNoun	swe	Pokka	properNoun	nor
Flodgaard	properNoun	swe	Flodgaard	properNoun	nor
Telstad	properNoun	swe	Telstad	properNoun	nor
Høyanger	properNoun	swe	Høyanger	properNoun	nor
Sippo	properNoun	swe	Sippo	properNoun	nor
Nillukka	properNoun	swe	Nillukka	properNoun	nor
Hitra	properNoun	swe	Hitra	properNoun	nor
Ánnábearttoščielgi	properNoun	swe	Ánnábearttoščielgi	properNoun	nor
Wager	properNoun	swe	Wager	properNoun	nor
Ranveid	properNoun	swe	Ranveid	properNoun	nor
Sibylla	properNoun	swe	Sibylla	properNoun	nor
Marlen	properNoun	swe	Marlen	properNoun	nor
Brandtzæg	properNoun	swe	Brandtzæg	properNoun	nor
Ivvárgoahtejávri	properNoun	swe	Ivvárgoahtejávri	properNoun	nor
Trøndelag	properNoun	swe	Trøndelag	properNoun	nor
Gregersen	properNoun	swe	Gregersen	properNoun	nor
Lohi	properNoun	swe	Lohi	properNoun	nor
Heimlund	properNoun	swe	Heimlund	properNoun	nor
Gudbrandsdalen	properNoun	swe	Gudbrandsdalen	properNoun	nor
Ranveig	properNoun	swe	Ranveig	properNoun	nor
Ragazzi	properNoun	swe	Ragazzi	properNoun	nor
Junes	properNoun	swe	Junes	properNoun	nor
Tecuci	properNoun	swe	Tecuci	properNoun	nor
Sippu	properNoun	swe	Sippu	properNoun	nor
Siivola	properNoun	swe	Siivola	properNoun	nor
Roosen	properNoun	swe	Roosen	properNoun	nor
Arhipov	properNoun	swe	Arhipov	properNoun	nor
Pokki	properNoun	swe	Pokki	properNoun	nor
Lossius	properNoun	swe	Lossius	properNoun	nor
Maiken	properNoun	swe	Maiken	properNoun	nor
Lindeberg	properNoun	swe	Lindeberg	properNoun	nor
Weberg	properNoun	swe	Weberg	properNoun	nor
Ropo	properNoun	swe	Ropo	properNoun	nor
Alice	properNoun	swe	Alice	properNoun	nor
Ándá	properNoun	swe	Ándá	properNoun	nor
Tosebygda	properNoun	swe	Tosebygda	properNoun	nor
Borga-Áborášša	properNoun	swe	Borga-Áborášša	properNoun	nor
Borberg	properNoun	swe	Borberg	properNoun	nor
Sør-Carolina	properNoun	swe	Sør-Carolina	properNoun	nor
Teige	properNoun	swe	Teige	properNoun	nor
Pokkinen	properNoun	swe	Pokkinen	properNoun	nor
Pilskog	properNoun	swe	Pilskog	properNoun	nor
Hustadstrand	properNoun	swe	Hustadstrand	properNoun	nor
Saltstraumen	properNoun	swe	Saltstraumen	properNoun	nor
Marley	properNoun	swe	Marley	properNoun	nor
Ettanen	properNoun	swe	Ettanen	properNoun	nor
Kristensen	properNoun	swe	Kristensen	properNoun	nor
Nafstad	properNoun	swe	Nafstad	properNoun	nor
Nosova	properNoun	swe	Nosova	properNoun	nor
Lindbak	properNoun	swe	Lindbak	properNoun	nor
Clint	properNoun	swe	Clint	properNoun	nor
Benny	properNoun	swe	Benny	properNoun	nor
Lercher	properNoun	swe	Lercher	properNoun	nor
Joutsen	properNoun	swe	Joutsen	properNoun	nor
Niljas	properNoun	swe	Niljas	properNoun	nor
Stend	properNoun	swe	Stend	properNoun	nor
O'Hare	properNoun	swe	O'Hare	properNoun	nor
Mákke	properNoun	swe	Mákke	properNoun	nor
Stene	properNoun	swe	Stene	properNoun	nor
South	properNoun	swe	South	properNoun	nor
Pietiäinen	properNoun	swe	Pietiäinen	properNoun	nor
Ianke	properNoun	swe	Ianke	properNoun	nor
Mávdnos	properNoun	swe	Mávdnos	properNoun	nor
Unifil	properNoun	swe	Unifil	properNoun	nor
Jergolvárri	properNoun	swe	Jergolvárri	properNoun	nor
Naevius	properNoun	swe	Naevius	properNoun	nor
Hinnerup	properNoun	swe	Hinnerup	properNoun	nor
Rhinland	properNoun	swe	Rhinland	properNoun	nor
AIX	properNoun	swe	AIX	properNoun	nor
Segn	properNoun	swe	Segn	properNoun	nor
Schjetlein	properNoun	swe	Schjetlein	properNoun	nor
Hervik	properNoun	swe	Hervik	properNoun	nor
Amminadab	properNoun	swe	Amminadab	properNoun	nor
Fjellstad	properNoun	swe	Fjellstad	properNoun	nor
Isla	properNoun	swe	Isla	properNoun	nor
Pogradec	properNoun	swe	Pogradec	properNoun	nor
Hannestad	properNoun	swe	Hannestad	properNoun	nor
Asanovic	properNoun	swe	Asanovic	properNoun	nor
Eugen	properNoun	swe	Eugen	properNoun	nor
Rosseland	properNoun	swe	Rosseland	properNoun	nor
Zimmer	properNoun	swe	Zimmer	properNoun	nor
Klem	properNoun	swe	Klem	properNoun	nor
Chicago	properNoun	swe	Chicago	properNoun	nor
Skaret	properNoun	swe	Skaret	properNoun	nor
Shannon	properNoun	swe	Shannon	properNoun	nor
Salomonsson	properNoun	swe	Salomonsson	properNoun	nor
Kloster	properNoun	swe	Kloster	properNoun	nor
Jessen-Schardebøl	properNoun	swe	Jessen-Schardebøl	properNoun	nor
Skopje	properNoun	swe	Skopje	properNoun	nor
Isle	properNoun	swe	Isle	properNoun	nor
Herheim	properNoun	swe	Herheim	properNoun	nor
Indre	properNoun	swe	Indre	properNoun	nor
Vuorenoja	properNoun	swe	Vuorenoja	properNoun	nor
Valencia	properNoun	swe	Valencia	properNoun	nor
Bøggild	properNoun	swe	Bøggild	properNoun	nor
Klev	properNoun	swe	Klev	properNoun	nor
Áila	properNoun	swe	Áila	properNoun	nor
Selseng	properNoun	swe	Selseng	properNoun	nor
Qin	properNoun	swe	Qin	properNoun	nor
Hejjá	properNoun	swe	Hejjá	properNoun	nor
Torvaldssen	properNoun	swe	Torvaldssen	properNoun	nor
Lähde	properNoun	swe	Lähde	properNoun	nor
Elle-Katri	properNoun	swe	Elle-Katri	properNoun	nor
Mudenia	properNoun	swe	Mudenia	properNoun	nor
Áile	properNoun	swe	Áile	properNoun	nor
Teodosius	properNoun	swe	Teodosius	properNoun	nor
Visa	properNoun	swe	Visa	properNoun	nor
Andrine	properNoun	swe	Andrine	properNoun	nor
Kentta	properNoun	swe	Kentta	properNoun	nor
Sisselløna	properNoun	swe	Sisselløna	properNoun	nor
Tiura	properNoun	swe	Tiura	properNoun	nor
Brække	properNoun	swe	Brække	properNoun	nor
Beach	properNoun	swe	Beach	properNoun	nor
Hakkarainen	properNoun	swe	Hakkarainen	properNoun	nor
Áili	properNoun	swe	Áili	properNoun	nor
Bombay	properNoun	swe	Bombay	properNoun	nor
Åhlander	properNoun	swe	Åhlander	properNoun	nor
Vallset	properNoun	swe	Vallset	properNoun	nor
Haldorsson	properNoun	swe	Haldorsson	properNoun	nor
Eldfisk	properNoun	swe	Eldfisk	properNoun	nor
Celebes	properNoun	swe	Celebes	properNoun	nor
Pike	properNoun	swe	Pike	properNoun	nor
Korvela	properNoun	swe	Korvela	properNoun	nor
Haslund	properNoun	swe	Haslund	properNoun	nor
Kirkenær	properNoun	swe	Kirkenær	properNoun	nor
Selstad	properNoun	swe	Selstad	properNoun	nor
Kiskonen	properNoun	swe	Kiskonen	properNoun	nor
Jávo	properNoun	swe	Jávo	properNoun	nor
Maijala	properNoun	swe	Maijala	properNoun	nor
Edvarda	properNoun	swe	Edvarda	properNoun	nor
Zealand	properNoun	swe	Zealand	properNoun	nor
Ventelä	properNoun	swe	Ventelä	properNoun	nor
Natvig	properNoun	swe	Natvig	properNoun	nor
Sedolf	properNoun	swe	Sedolf	properNoun	nor
Terjesson	properNoun	swe	Terjesson	properNoun	nor
Brundtland	properNoun	swe	Brundtland	properNoun	nor
Lauvvik	properNoun	swe	Lauvvik	properNoun	nor
Nuotio	properNoun	swe	Nuotio	properNoun	nor
Áilo	properNoun	swe	Áilo	properNoun	nor
Jokipii	properNoun	swe	Jokipii	properNoun	nor
Skotselv	properNoun	swe	Skotselv	properNoun	nor
Nesttun	properNoun	swe	Nesttun	properNoun	nor
Reagan	properNoun	swe	Reagan	properNoun	nor
Vatle	properNoun	swe	Vatle	properNoun	nor
Tran	properNoun	swe	Tran	properNoun	nor
Thalberg	properNoun	swe	Thalberg	properNoun	nor
Natvik	properNoun	swe	Natvik	properNoun	nor
Majaniemi	properNoun	swe	Majaniemi	properNoun	nor
Jäppinen	properNoun	swe	Jäppinen	properNoun	nor
Gudjšnson	properNoun	swe	Gudjšnson	properNoun	nor
Finjord	properNoun	swe	Finjord	properNoun	nor
Brødløs	properNoun	swe	Brødløs	properNoun	nor
Jovna	properNoun	swe	Jovna	properNoun	nor
Gro	properNoun	swe	Gro	properNoun	nor
Wibe	properNoun	swe	Wibe	properNoun	nor
Skanche	properNoun	swe	Skanche	properNoun	nor
Baddeley	properNoun	swe	Baddeley	properNoun	nor
Arvika	properNoun	swe	Arvika	properNoun	nor
Scania	properNoun	swe	Scania	properNoun	nor
Vanamo	properNoun	swe	Vanamo	properNoun	nor
Sommernes	properNoun	swe	Sommernes	properNoun	nor
Liimatta	properNoun	swe	Liimatta	properNoun	nor
Gaulis	properNoun	swe	Gaulis	properNoun	nor
Áilu	properNoun	swe	Áilu	properNoun	nor
Stensaasen	properNoun	swe	Stensaasen	properNoun	nor
Slaatto	properNoun	swe	Slaatto	properNoun	nor
Allinen	properNoun	swe	Allinen	properNoun	nor
Habana	properNoun	swe	Habana	properNoun	nor
Ulrikssen	properNoun	swe	Ulrikssen	properNoun	nor
Ahde	properNoun	swe	Ahde	properNoun	nor
Baltikum	properNoun	swe	Baltikum	properNoun	nor
Riuttanen	properNoun	swe	Riuttanen	properNoun	nor
Nordraa	properNoun	swe	Nordraa	properNoun	nor
Dorotea	properNoun	swe	Dorotea	properNoun	nor
Canberra	properNoun	swe	Canberra	properNoun	nor
Vist	properNoun	swe	Vist	properNoun	nor
Schølberg	properNoun	swe	Schølberg	properNoun	nor
Liikkanen	properNoun	swe	Liikkanen	properNoun	nor
Mellum	properNoun	swe	Mellum	properNoun	nor
Smögen	properNoun	swe	Smögen	properNoun	nor
Pleym	properNoun	swe	Pleym	properNoun	nor
Jovni	properNoun	swe	Jovni	properNoun	nor
Lammetun	properNoun	swe	Lammetun	properNoun	nor
Gry	properNoun	swe	Gry	properNoun	nor
Kattem	properNoun	swe	Kattem	properNoun	nor
Vjačeslav	properNoun	swe	Vjačeslav	properNoun	nor
Meriluoto	properNoun	swe	Meriluoto	properNoun	nor
Ven	properNoun	swe	Ven	properNoun	nor
Schackt	properNoun	swe	Schackt	properNoun	nor
Felixstowe	properNoun	swe	Felixstowe	properNoun	nor
Sjdanov	properNoun	swe	Sjdanov	properNoun	nor
Lundmoen	properNoun	swe	Lundmoen	properNoun	nor
Lindkjølen	properNoun	swe	Lindkjølen	properNoun	nor
Karibhavet	properNoun	swe	Karibhavet	properNoun	nor
Vestpollen	properNoun	swe	Vestpollen	properNoun	nor
Lykketoft	properNoun	swe	Lykketoft	properNoun	nor
Keltamäki	properNoun	swe	Keltamäki	properNoun	nor
Rocha	properNoun	swe	Rocha	properNoun	nor
Mäntykoski	properNoun	swe	Mäntykoski	properNoun	nor
Lipsanen	properNoun	swe	Lipsanen	properNoun	nor
Sundet	properNoun	swe	Sundet	properNoun	nor
Gøsta	properNoun	swe	Gøsta	properNoun	nor
Tydal	properNoun	swe	Tydal	properNoun	nor
Valente	properNoun	swe	Valente	properNoun	nor
Simmon	properNoun	swe	Simmon	properNoun	nor
Kuuskoski	properNoun	swe	Kuuskoski	properNoun	nor
Lammassaari	properNoun	swe	Lammassaari	properNoun	nor
Münster	properNoun	swe	Münster	properNoun	nor
Stor-Oslo	properNoun	swe	Stor-Oslo	properNoun	nor
Riksteatret	properNoun	swe	Riksteatret	properNoun	nor
Kukonlehto	properNoun	swe	Kukonlehto	properNoun	nor
Arild	properNoun	swe	Arild	properNoun	nor
Losec	properNoun	swe	Losec	properNoun	nor
Lorient	properNoun	swe	Lorient	properNoun	nor
Leammá	properNoun	swe	Leammá	properNoun	nor
Framstegspartiet	properNoun	swe	Framstegspartiet	properNoun	nor
Ketomäki	properNoun	swe	Ketomäki	properNoun	nor
Tuva	properNoun	swe	Tuva	properNoun	nor
Pisto	properNoun	swe	Pisto	properNoun	nor
Patosalmi	properNoun	swe	Patosalmi	properNoun	nor
Bresaola	properNoun	swe	Bresaola	properNoun	nor
Jåvvå	properNoun	swe	Jåvvå	properNoun	nor
Ullersmo	properNoun	swe	Ullersmo	properNoun	nor
Schjødt	properNoun	swe	Schjødt	properNoun	nor
Savinen	properNoun	swe	Savinen	properNoun	nor
Kornsjø	properNoun	swe	Kornsjø	properNoun	nor
Rottini	properNoun	swe	Rottini	properNoun	nor
Minge	properNoun	swe	Minge	properNoun	nor
Lisette	properNoun	swe	Lisette	properNoun	nor
Etna	properNoun	swe	Etna	properNoun	nor
Lehtisalo	properNoun	swe	Lehtisalo	properNoun	nor
Härkönen	properNoun	swe	Härkönen	properNoun	nor
Andøy	properNoun	swe	Andøy	properNoun	nor
Huff	properNoun	swe	Huff	properNoun	nor
Frängstorp	properNoun	swe	Frängstorp	properNoun	nor
Arvidson	properNoun	swe	Arvidson	properNoun	nor
Maaren	properNoun	swe	Maaren	properNoun	nor
Bondesen	properNoun	swe	Bondesen	properNoun	nor
Freddie	properNoun	swe	Freddie	properNoun	nor
Taskinen	properNoun	swe	Taskinen	properNoun	nor
Riihimaa	properNoun	swe	Riihimaa	properNoun	nor
Hovmand	properNoun	swe	Hovmand	properNoun	nor
Etne	properNoun	swe	Etne	properNoun	nor
Slaatten	properNoun	swe	Slaatten	properNoun	nor
Wallsend	properNoun	swe	Wallsend	properNoun	nor
Tallinn	properNoun	swe	Tallinn	properNoun	nor
Kariel	properNoun	swe	Kariel	properNoun	nor
Šuni	properNoun	swe	Šuni	properNoun	nor
Aronsson	properNoun	swe	Aronsson	properNoun	nor
Limón	properNoun	swe	Limón	properNoun	nor
Sanden	properNoun	swe	Sanden	properNoun	nor
Kuusikko	properNoun	swe	Kuusikko	properNoun	nor
Áillonieida	properNoun	swe	Áillonieida	properNoun	nor
Yrjönen	properNoun	swe	Yrjönen	properNoun	nor
Parelius	properNoun	swe	Parelius	properNoun	nor
Kangasmaa	properNoun	swe	Kangasmaa	properNoun	nor
Struer	properNoun	swe	Struer	properNoun	nor
Lunner	properNoun	swe	Lunner	properNoun	nor
Munkebye	properNoun	swe	Munkebye	properNoun	nor
Sander	properNoun	swe	Sander	properNoun	nor
Örn	properNoun	swe	Örn	properNoun	nor
Lifling	properNoun	swe	Lifling	properNoun	nor
Kurronen	properNoun	swe	Kurronen	properNoun	nor
Villars-Dahl	properNoun	swe	Villars-Dahl	properNoun	nor
Hoskonen	properNoun	swe	Hoskonen	properNoun	nor
NVE	properNoun	swe	NVE	properNoun	nor
Tryfosa	properNoun	swe	Tryfosa	properNoun	nor
Roaldssen	properNoun	swe	Roaldssen	properNoun	nor
Sundfær	properNoun	swe	Sundfær	properNoun	nor
Rohde	properNoun	swe	Rohde	properNoun	nor
Leverkusen	properNoun	swe	Leverkusen	properNoun	nor
Golden	properNoun	swe	Golden	properNoun	nor
Tekrø	properNoun	swe	Tekrø	properNoun	nor
Hernandez	properNoun	swe	Hernandez	properNoun	nor
Akselberg	properNoun	swe	Akselberg	properNoun	nor
Viking	properNoun	swe	Viking	properNoun	nor
Paulaharju	properNoun	swe	Paulaharju	properNoun	nor
L'Orient	properNoun	swe	L'Orient	properNoun	nor
Babel	properNoun	swe	Babel	properNoun	nor
Åndalsnes	properNoun	swe	Åndalsnes	properNoun	nor
Abeba	properNoun	swe	Abeba	properNoun	nor
Terkildsen	properNoun	swe	Terkildsen	properNoun	nor
Rønnestad	properNoun	swe	Rønnestad	properNoun	nor
Snåsavatn	properNoun	swe	Snåsavatn	properNoun	nor
Tandberg	properNoun	swe	Tandberg	properNoun	nor
Kozmin	properNoun	swe	Kozmin	properNoun	nor
Nesodden	properNoun	swe	Nesodden	properNoun	nor
Wayne	properNoun	swe	Wayne	properNoun	nor
Loddefjord	properNoun	swe	Loddefjord	properNoun	nor
Baber	properNoun	swe	Baber	properNoun	nor
Esmail	properNoun	swe	Esmail	properNoun	nor
Joensuu	properNoun	swe	Joensuu	properNoun	nor
Maritta	properNoun	swe	Maritta	properNoun	nor
Blefjell	properNoun	swe	Blefjell	properNoun	nor
Jameson	properNoun	swe	Jameson	properNoun	nor
Elnesvågen	properNoun	swe	Elnesvågen	properNoun	nor
Mæhre	properNoun	swe	Mæhre	properNoun	nor
Ørje	properNoun	swe	Ørje	properNoun	nor
Tvedestrand	properNoun	swe	Tvedestrand	properNoun	nor
Kalvik	properNoun	swe	Kalvik	properNoun	nor
Grums	properNoun	swe	Grums	properNoun	nor
Haukeli	properNoun	swe	Haukeli	properNoun	nor
Kietäväinen	properNoun	swe	Kietäväinen	properNoun	nor
Hérault	properNoun	swe	Hérault	properNoun	nor
Hopponen	properNoun	swe	Hopponen	properNoun	nor
Ilmar	properNoun	swe	Ilmar	properNoun	nor
Torbergsen	properNoun	swe	Torbergsen	properNoun	nor
Beito	properNoun	swe	Beito	properNoun	nor
Hilsen	properNoun	swe	Hilsen	properNoun	nor
Ekdahl	properNoun	swe	Ekdahl	properNoun	nor
Cueto	properNoun	swe	Cueto	properNoun	nor
Kuurne	properNoun	swe	Kuurne	properNoun	nor
Hannonen	properNoun	swe	Hannonen	properNoun	nor
Tromholt	properNoun	swe	Tromholt	properNoun	nor
Bragstad	properNoun	swe	Bragstad	properNoun	nor
Smestad	properNoun	swe	Smestad	properNoun	nor
Ohcan	properNoun	swe	Ohcan	properNoun	nor
Malkamäki	properNoun	swe	Malkamäki	properNoun	nor
Järvenmäki	properNoun	swe	Järvenmäki	properNoun	nor
Ellefson	properNoun	swe	Ellefson	properNoun	nor
Sábin	properNoun	swe	Sábin	properNoun	nor
Fladengrunn	properNoun	swe	Fladengrunn	properNoun	nor
Røsvik	properNoun	swe	Røsvik	properNoun	nor
Surin	properNoun	swe	Surin	properNoun	nor
Kokkarinen	properNoun	swe	Kokkarinen	properNoun	nor
Kantoluoto	properNoun	swe	Kantoluoto	properNoun	nor
Kaald	properNoun	swe	Kaald	properNoun	nor
Erkke	properNoun	swe	Erkke	properNoun	nor
Arvila	properNoun	swe	Arvila	properNoun	nor
Shenyang	properNoun	swe	Shenyang	properNoun	nor
Selås	properNoun	swe	Selås	properNoun	nor
Forsberg	properNoun	swe	Forsberg	properNoun	nor
Varjola	properNoun	swe	Varjola	properNoun	nor
Spaun	properNoun	swe	Spaun	properNoun	nor
Phung	properNoun	swe	Phung	properNoun	nor
Matilainen	properNoun	swe	Matilainen	properNoun	nor
Debora	properNoun	swe	Debora	properNoun	nor
Rautava	properNoun	swe	Rautava	properNoun	nor
Erkki	properNoun	swe	Erkki	properNoun	nor
Sokrates	properNoun	swe	Sokrates	properNoun	nor
Boulogne	properNoun	swe	Boulogne	properNoun	nor
Pasvik	properNoun	swe	Pasvik	properNoun	nor
Vesla	properNoun	swe	Vesla	properNoun	nor
Kaali	properNoun	swe	Kaali	properNoun	nor
Monson	properNoun	swe	Monson	properNoun	nor
Wick	properNoun	swe	Wick	properNoun	nor
Bodhild	properNoun	swe	Bodhild	properNoun	nor
Salling	properNoun	swe	Salling	properNoun	nor
Lahnalampi	properNoun	swe	Lahnalampi	properNoun	nor
Lukkarila	properNoun	swe	Lukkarila	properNoun	nor
Goliat	properNoun	swe	Goliat	properNoun	nor
Vesle	properNoun	swe	Vesle	properNoun	nor
Kværner-gruppa	properNoun	swe	Kværner-gruppa	properNoun	nor
Expressen	properNoun	swe	Expressen	properNoun	nor
Erkko	properNoun	swe	Erkko	properNoun	nor
Severinsson	properNoun	swe	Severinsson	properNoun	nor
Uuksulainen	properNoun	swe	Uuksulainen	properNoun	nor
Gasmann	properNoun	swe	Gasmann	properNoun	nor
Årseth	properNoun	swe	Årseth	properNoun	nor
Torssonen	properNoun	swe	Torssonen	properNoun	nor
Nault	properNoun	swe	Nault	properNoun	nor
Mällinen	properNoun	swe	Mällinen	properNoun	nor
Kesänen	properNoun	swe	Kesänen	properNoun	nor
Kerry	properNoun	swe	Kerry	properNoun	nor
Frogner	properNoun	swe	Frogner	properNoun	nor
Keiprød	properNoun	swe	Keiprød	properNoun	nor
Buene	properNoun	swe	Buene	properNoun	nor
Hilda	properNoun	swe	Hilda	properNoun	nor
Mönchengladbach	properNoun	swe	Mönchengladbach	properNoun	nor
Herlofsen	properNoun	swe	Herlofsen	properNoun	nor
Loe	properNoun	swe	Loe	properNoun	nor
Bueng	properNoun	swe	Bueng	properNoun	nor
Sorjonen	properNoun	swe	Sorjonen	properNoun	nor
Kåressen	properNoun	swe	Kåressen	properNoun	nor
Master	properNoun	swe	Master	properNoun	nor
Ljungberg	properNoun	swe	Ljungberg	properNoun	nor
Hagelin	properNoun	swe	Hagelin	properNoun	nor
Kaijala	properNoun	swe	Kaijala	properNoun	nor
Hilde	properNoun	swe	Hilde	properNoun	nor
Stølås	properNoun	swe	Stølås	properNoun	nor
Hildrum	properNoun	swe	Hildrum	properNoun	nor
Adjani	properNoun	swe	Adjani	properNoun	nor
Bieranibba	properNoun	swe	Bieranibba	properNoun	nor
Gádjáriegádanoaivi	properNoun	swe	Gádjáriegádanoaivi	properNoun	nor
Christofferssen	properNoun	swe	Christofferssen	properNoun	nor
Birkeland	properNoun	swe	Birkeland	properNoun	nor
Svanem	properNoun	swe	Svanem	properNoun	nor
Pikkuaho	properNoun	swe	Pikkuaho	properNoun	nor
Hasselvika	properNoun	swe	Hasselvika	properNoun	nor
Svanen	properNoun	swe	Svanen	properNoun	nor
Pallesen	properNoun	swe	Pallesen	properNoun	nor
Kiiveri	properNoun	swe	Kiiveri	properNoun	nor
Holli	properNoun	swe	Holli	properNoun	nor
Woods	properNoun	swe	Woods	properNoun	nor
Mykkänen	properNoun	swe	Mykkänen	properNoun	nor
Erato	properNoun	swe	Erato	properNoun	nor
Jusát	properNoun	swe	Jusát	properNoun	nor
Ingebretsson	properNoun	swe	Ingebretsson	properNoun	nor
Dardanellene	properNoun	swe	Dardanellene	properNoun	nor
Lom	properNoun	swe	Lom	properNoun	nor
Zachariasen	properNoun	swe	Zachariasen	properNoun	nor
Hjerrild	properNoun	swe	Hjerrild	properNoun	nor
Dupmas	properNoun	swe	Dupmas	properNoun	nor
Brenna	properNoun	swe	Brenna	properNoun	nor
Østhus	properNoun	swe	Østhus	properNoun	nor
Vähämäki	properNoun	swe	Vähämäki	properNoun	nor
Töyrylä	properNoun	swe	Töyrylä	properNoun	nor
Rovaniemi	properNoun	swe	Rovaniemi	properNoun	nor
Skjøtningsberg	properNoun	swe	Skjøtningsberg	properNoun	nor
Lop	properNoun	swe	Lop	properNoun	nor
Laara	properNoun	swe	Laara	properNoun	nor
Svanes	properNoun	swe	Svanes	properNoun	nor
Throndsen	properNoun	swe	Throndsen	properNoun	nor
Hollo	properNoun	swe	Hollo	properNoun	nor
Brenne	properNoun	swe	Brenne	properNoun	nor
AKP	properNoun	swe	AKP	properNoun	nor
Rönni	properNoun	swe	Rönni	properNoun	nor
Woody	properNoun	swe	Woody	properNoun	nor
Los	properNoun	swe	Los	properNoun	nor
Soliman	properNoun	swe	Soliman	properNoun	nor
Lot	properNoun	swe	Lot	properNoun	nor
Lindvall	properNoun	swe	Lindvall	properNoun	nor
Chorzów	properNoun	swe	Chorzów	properNoun	nor
Bárnabas	properNoun	swe	Bárnabas	properNoun	nor
Vehniäinen	properNoun	swe	Vehniäinen	properNoun	nor
Hugh	properNoun	swe	Hugh	properNoun	nor
Sandermosen	properNoun	swe	Sandermosen	properNoun	nor
Sabler	properNoun	swe	Sabler	properNoun	nor
Denver	properNoun	swe	Denver	properNoun	nor
Vestad	properNoun	swe	Vestad	properNoun	nor
Rakvåg	properNoun	swe	Rakvåg	properNoun	nor
Laari	properNoun	swe	Laari	properNoun	nor
Hansnes	properNoun	swe	Hansnes	properNoun	nor
Kössi	properNoun	swe	Kössi	properNoun	nor
Tysfjord	properNoun	swe	Tysfjord	properNoun	nor
Kähönen	properNoun	swe	Kähönen	properNoun	nor
Klouman	properNoun	swe	Klouman	properNoun	nor
Birja	properNoun	swe	Birja	properNoun	nor
Seim	properNoun	swe	Seim	properNoun	nor
Hugo	properNoun	swe	Hugo	properNoun	nor
Jääskeläinen	properNoun	swe	Jääskeläinen	properNoun	nor
Aman	properNoun	swe	Aman	properNoun	nor
Holly	properNoun	swe	Holly	properNoun	nor
Mengshol	properNoun	swe	Mengshol	properNoun	nor
Petersen	properNoun	swe	Petersen	properNoun	nor
Takaluoma	properNoun	swe	Takaluoma	properNoun	nor
Seip	properNoun	swe	Seip	properNoun	nor
Borre	properNoun	swe	Borre	properNoun	nor
Gunder	properNoun	swe	Gunder	properNoun	nor
Knudson	properNoun	swe	Knudson	properNoun	nor
Seir	properNoun	swe	Seir	properNoun	nor
Wisconsin	properNoun	swe	Wisconsin	properNoun	nor
Schröder	properNoun	swe	Schröder	properNoun	nor
Puotiniemi	properNoun	swe	Puotiniemi	properNoun	nor
Krogsrud	properNoun	swe	Krogsrud	properNoun	nor
Grund	properNoun	swe	Grund	properNoun	nor
Alsgaard	properNoun	swe	Alsgaard	properNoun	nor
Nuhtte	properNoun	swe	Nuhtte	properNoun	nor
Vuorivirta	properNoun	swe	Vuorivirta	properNoun	nor
Follvar	properNoun	swe	Follvar	properNoun	nor
Coldevin	properNoun	swe	Coldevin	properNoun	nor
Gjertsen	properNoun	swe	Gjertsen	properNoun	nor
Grung	properNoun	swe	Grung	properNoun	nor
Påskeøya	properNoun	swe	Påskeøya	properNoun	nor
Steffensson	properNoun	swe	Steffensson	properNoun	nor
Haiko	properNoun	swe	Haiko	properNoun	nor
Iivar	properNoun	swe	Iivar	properNoun	nor
Musta	properNoun	swe	Musta	properNoun	nor
Herat	properNoun	swe	Herat	properNoun	nor
Corbett	properNoun	swe	Corbett	properNoun	nor
Demetriades	properNoun	swe	Demetriades	properNoun	nor
Olssen	properNoun	swe	Olssen	properNoun	nor
Jugoslavia	properNoun	swe	Jugoslavia	properNoun	nor
Kaste	properNoun	swe	Kaste	properNoun	nor
Gjertine	properNoun	swe	Gjertine	properNoun	nor
Biggá	properNoun	swe	Biggá	properNoun	nor
Ninna	properNoun	swe	Ninna	properNoun	nor
Salmivaara	properNoun	swe	Salmivaara	properNoun	nor
Oinonen	properNoun	swe	Oinonen	properNoun	nor
Nurkka	properNoun	swe	Nurkka	properNoun	nor
Klaksvig	properNoun	swe	Klaksvig	properNoun	nor
Grundset	properNoun	swe	Grundset	properNoun	nor
Akaias	properNoun	swe	Akaias	properNoun	nor
Koskivaara	properNoun	swe	Koskivaara	properNoun	nor
Balkan	properNoun	swe	Balkan	properNoun	nor
Yrttimaa	properNoun	swe	Yrttimaa	properNoun	nor
Toiminen	properNoun	swe	Toiminen	properNoun	nor
Junker	properNoun	swe	Junker	properNoun	nor
Brovold	properNoun	swe	Brovold	properNoun	nor
Cardigan	properNoun	swe	Cardigan	properNoun	nor
Noxnes	properNoun	swe	Noxnes	properNoun	nor
Brack	properNoun	swe	Brack	properNoun	nor
Foged	properNoun	swe	Foged	properNoun	nor
Ninni	properNoun	swe	Ninni	properNoun	nor
Sivertsson	properNoun	swe	Sivertsson	properNoun	nor
Heikola	properNoun	swe	Heikola	properNoun	nor
Haddal	properNoun	swe	Haddal	properNoun	nor
Halten	properNoun	swe	Halten	properNoun	nor
Zwingli	properNoun	swe	Zwingli	properNoun	nor
Viul	properNoun	swe	Viul	properNoun	nor
Vatne	properNoun	swe	Vatne	properNoun	nor
Gjensidige	properNoun	swe	Gjensidige	properNoun	nor
Rikkilä	properNoun	swe	Rikkilä	properNoun	nor
Hiipakka	properNoun	swe	Hiipakka	properNoun	nor
Toimela	properNoun	swe	Toimela	properNoun	nor
Judaberg	properNoun	swe	Judaberg	properNoun	nor
Fredrikson	properNoun	swe	Fredrikson	properNoun	nor
Gander	properNoun	swe	Gander	properNoun	nor
Benonisen	properNoun	swe	Benonisen	properNoun	nor
Skedsmo	properNoun	swe	Skedsmo	properNoun	nor
Hovda	properNoun	swe	Hovda	properNoun	nor
Gudbrand	properNoun	swe	Gudbrand	properNoun	nor
Solvor	properNoun	swe	Solvor	properNoun	nor
Eliason	properNoun	swe	Eliason	properNoun	nor
Øvretveit	properNoun	swe	Øvretveit	properNoun	nor
Lambertjiehkki	properNoun	swe	Lambertjiehkki	properNoun	nor
Värri	properNoun	swe	Värri	properNoun	nor
Hovde	properNoun	swe	Hovde	properNoun	nor
Butenschøn	properNoun	swe	Butenschøn	properNoun	nor
Hageberg	properNoun	swe	Hageberg	properNoun	nor
Jessica	properNoun	swe	Jessica	properNoun	nor
Hallfrid	properNoun	swe	Hallfrid	properNoun	nor
Norsildmel	properNoun	swe	Norsildmel	properNoun	nor
Rosa	properNoun	swe	Rosa	properNoun	nor
Ruohonen	properNoun	swe	Ruohonen	properNoun	nor
Lyijynen	properNoun	swe	Lyijynen	properNoun	nor
Jönsson	properNoun	swe	Jönsson	properNoun	nor
Rigney	properNoun	swe	Rigney	properNoun	nor
Klarlund	properNoun	swe	Klarlund	properNoun	nor
Kårvåg	properNoun	swe	Kårvåg	properNoun	nor
Kuiri	properNoun	swe	Kuiri	properNoun	nor
Eerola	properNoun	swe	Eerola	properNoun	nor
Ahomäki	properNoun	swe	Ahomäki	properNoun	nor
Kaitajärvi	properNoun	swe	Kaitajärvi	properNoun	nor
Rose	properNoun	swe	Rose	properNoun	nor
Stranda	properNoun	swe	Stranda	properNoun	nor
Antonsen	properNoun	swe	Antonsen	properNoun	nor
Ándaras	properNoun	swe	Ándaras	properNoun	nor
Loke	properNoun	swe	Loke	properNoun	nor
Feliks	properNoun	swe	Feliks	properNoun	nor
Sør-Trøndelag	properNoun	swe	Sør-Trøndelag	properNoun	nor
Glørstad	properNoun	swe	Glørstad	properNoun	nor
Alitalo	properNoun	swe	Alitalo	properNoun	nor
Margith	properNoun	swe	Margith	properNoun	nor
Tattari	properNoun	swe	Tattari	properNoun	nor
Holma	properNoun	swe	Holma	properNoun	nor
Strande	properNoun	swe	Strande	properNoun	nor
Nuutilainen	properNoun	swe	Nuutilainen	properNoun	nor
Goiás	properNoun	swe	Goiás	properNoun	nor
Myrskog	properNoun	swe	Myrskog	properNoun	nor
Landow	properNoun	swe	Landow	properNoun	nor
Austen	properNoun	swe	Austen	properNoun	nor
Guiyang	properNoun	swe	Guiyang	properNoun	nor
Craig	properNoun	swe	Craig	properNoun	nor
Utsjoki	properNoun	swe	Utsjoki	properNoun	nor
Storebælt	properNoun	swe	Storebælt	properNoun	nor
Uggen	properNoun	swe	Uggen	properNoun	nor
Niska	properNoun	swe	Niska	properNoun	nor
Lakka	properNoun	swe	Lakka	properNoun	nor
Holme	properNoun	swe	Holme	properNoun	nor
Gjeble	properNoun	swe	Gjeble	properNoun	nor
Karlskoga	properNoun	swe	Karlskoga	properNoun	nor
Mitikka	properNoun	swe	Mitikka	properNoun	nor
Gutnel	properNoun	swe	Gutnel	properNoun	nor
Gállájohka	properNoun	swe	Gállájohka	properNoun	nor
Bjune	properNoun	swe	Bjune	properNoun	nor
Teija	properNoun	swe	Teija	properNoun	nor
Kottila	properNoun	swe	Kottila	properNoun	nor
Bjännberg	properNoun	swe	Bjännberg	properNoun	nor
Alfredsen	properNoun	swe	Alfredsen	properNoun	nor
Riksdagen	properNoun	swe	Riksdagen	properNoun	nor
Hatunen	properNoun	swe	Hatunen	properNoun	nor
Merika	properNoun	swe	Merika	properNoun	nor
Holmi	properNoun	swe	Holmi	properNoun	nor
Gjelsvik	properNoun	swe	Gjelsvik	properNoun	nor
Aura	properNoun	swe	Aura	properNoun	nor
Slincraze	properNoun	swe	Slincraze	properNoun	nor
Soan	properNoun	swe	Soan	properNoun	nor
Jokiniemi	properNoun	swe	Jokiniemi	properNoun	nor
Ingebjørg	properNoun	swe	Ingebjørg	properNoun	nor
Ringheim	properNoun	swe	Ringheim	properNoun	nor
Lervåg	properNoun	swe	Lervåg	properNoun	nor
Aires	properNoun	swe	Aires	properNoun	nor
Søgård	properNoun	swe	Søgård	properNoun	nor
Pitkämäki	properNoun	swe	Pitkämäki	properNoun	nor
Ketolainen	properNoun	swe	Ketolainen	properNoun	nor
Ross	properNoun	swe	Ross	properNoun	nor
Falun	properNoun	swe	Falun	properNoun	nor
Aure	properNoun	swe	Aure	properNoun	nor
Taivalantti	properNoun	swe	Taivalantti	properNoun	nor
Lete	properNoun	swe	Lete	properNoun	nor
Sinervo	properNoun	swe	Sinervo	properNoun	nor
Bucuresti	properNoun	swe	Bucuresti	properNoun	nor
Cartsen	properNoun	swe	Cartsen	properNoun	nor
Nicoline	properNoun	swe	Nicoline	properNoun	nor
Verdeøyene	properNoun	swe	Verdeøyene	properNoun	nor
Leth	properNoun	swe	Leth	properNoun	nor
Drakensberge	properNoun	swe	Drakensberge	properNoun	nor
Jason	properNoun	swe	Jason	properNoun	nor
Bye	properNoun	swe	Bye	properNoun	nor
Yletyinen	properNoun	swe	Yletyinen	properNoun	nor
Utæker	properNoun	swe	Utæker	properNoun	nor
Fader	properNoun	swe	Fader	properNoun	nor
Byg	properNoun	swe	Byg	properNoun	nor
Niilagáddi	properNoun	swe	Niilagáddi	properNoun	nor
Sør-Vietnam	properNoun	swe	Sør-Vietnam	properNoun	nor
Microsoft	properNoun	swe	Microsoft	properNoun	nor
Puntanen	properNoun	swe	Puntanen	properNoun	nor
Vuorikoski	properNoun	swe	Vuorikoski	properNoun	nor
Soochow	properNoun	swe	Soochow	properNoun	nor
Jystad	properNoun	swe	Jystad	properNoun	nor
Svartehavet	properNoun	swe	Svartehavet	properNoun	nor
Støfring	properNoun	swe	Støfring	properNoun	nor
Tchad	properNoun	swe	Tchad	properNoun	nor
Birka	properNoun	swe	Birka	properNoun	nor
Isopoussu	properNoun	swe	Isopoussu	properNoun	nor
Fremantle	properNoun	swe	Fremantle	properNoun	nor
Beethoven	properNoun	swe	Beethoven	properNoun	nor
Magistad	properNoun	swe	Magistad	properNoun	nor
Langvik	properNoun	swe	Langvik	properNoun	nor
Amdrup	properNoun	swe	Amdrup	properNoun	nor
Haile	properNoun	swe	Haile	properNoun	nor
Töykkälä	properNoun	swe	Töykkälä	properNoun	nor
Matheson-Woxholt	properNoun	swe	Matheson-Woxholt	properNoun	nor
Mihkkelroavvi	properNoun	swe	Mihkkelroavvi	properNoun	nor
Fredrika	properNoun	swe	Fredrika	properNoun	nor
Saaristo	properNoun	swe	Saaristo	properNoun	nor
Hafseng	properNoun	swe	Hafseng	properNoun	nor
Svartemyr	properNoun	swe	Svartemyr	properNoun	nor
Höykinpuro	properNoun	swe	Höykinpuro	properNoun	nor
Syver	properNoun	swe	Syver	properNoun	nor
Osmundsson	properNoun	swe	Osmundsson	properNoun	nor
Haili	properNoun	swe	Haili	properNoun	nor
Gordon	properNoun	swe	Gordon	properNoun	nor
Trætteberg	properNoun	swe	Trætteberg	properNoun	nor
Takamäki	properNoun	swe	Takamäki	properNoun	nor
Rosemarie	properNoun	swe	Rosemarie	properNoun	nor
Skytten	properNoun	swe	Skytten	properNoun	nor
Holmgren	properNoun	swe	Holmgren	properNoun	nor
Rennebu	properNoun	swe	Rennebu	properNoun	nor
Ramberg	properNoun	swe	Ramberg	properNoun	nor
Mággájohka	properNoun	swe	Mággájohka	properNoun	nor
Herluf	properNoun	swe	Herluf	properNoun	nor
Flash	properNoun	swe	Flash	properNoun	nor
Osmund	properNoun	swe	Osmund	properNoun	nor
Brita	properNoun	swe	Brita	properNoun	nor
Bratli	properNoun	swe	Bratli	properNoun	nor
Bislett	properNoun	swe	Bislett	properNoun	nor
Polvinen	properNoun	swe	Polvinen	properNoun	nor
Sarve	properNoun	swe	Sarve	properNoun	nor
Isakson	properNoun	swe	Isakson	properNoun	nor
Ørnhøi	properNoun	swe	Ørnhøi	properNoun	nor
Poitiers	properNoun	swe	Poitiers	properNoun	nor
Kornelius	properNoun	swe	Kornelius	properNoun	nor
Hafstad	properNoun	swe	Hafstad	properNoun	nor
Vänskä	properNoun	swe	Vänskä	properNoun	nor
Seurujärvi	properNoun	swe	Seurujärvi	properNoun	nor
Schulerud	properNoun	swe	Schulerud	properNoun	nor
Møgster	properNoun	swe	Møgster	properNoun	nor
Wessel	properNoun	swe	Wessel	properNoun	nor
Anete	properNoun	swe	Anete	properNoun	nor
Sarvi	properNoun	swe	Sarvi	properNoun	nor
Mielikäinen	properNoun	swe	Mielikäinen	properNoun	nor
Kesäniemi	properNoun	swe	Kesäniemi	properNoun	nor
Ødegaard	properNoun	swe	Ødegaard	properNoun	nor
Arianaick	properNoun	swe	Arianaick	properNoun	nor
Vestby	properNoun	swe	Vestby	properNoun	nor
Brith	properNoun	swe	Brith	properNoun	nor
Agergaard	properNoun	swe	Agergaard	properNoun	nor
Rebecca	properNoun	swe	Rebecca	properNoun	nor
Pina	properNoun	swe	Pina	properNoun	nor
Evrydike	properNoun	swe	Evrydike	properNoun	nor
Sorvoja	properNoun	swe	Sorvoja	properNoun	nor
Nerås	properNoun	swe	Nerås	properNoun	nor
Inkeröinen	properNoun	swe	Inkeröinen	properNoun	nor
Blili	properNoun	swe	Blili	properNoun	nor
Jondal	properNoun	swe	Jondal	properNoun	nor
Gud	properNoun	swe	Gud	properNoun	nor
Uelzen	properNoun	swe	Uelzen	properNoun	nor
Gudhjem	properNoun	swe	Gudhjem	properNoun	nor
Áslat	properNoun	swe	Áslat	properNoun	nor
Torsson	properNoun	swe	Torsson	properNoun	nor
Harestad	properNoun	swe	Harestad	properNoun	nor
Tomma	properNoun	swe	Tomma	properNoun	nor
Pine	properNoun	swe	Pine	properNoun	nor
Kloumann	properNoun	swe	Kloumann	properNoun	nor
Jagello	properNoun	swe	Jagello	properNoun	nor
Grønnestad	properNoun	swe	Grønnestad	properNoun	nor
Bergseth	properNoun	swe	Bergseth	properNoun	nor
Mazda	properNoun	swe	Mazda	properNoun	nor
Rihtávárri	properNoun	swe	Rihtávárri	properNoun	nor
Vivi	properNoun	swe	Vivi	properNoun	nor
Linda	properNoun	swe	Linda	properNoun	nor
Tobiason	properNoun	swe	Tobiason	properNoun	nor
Bårdson	properNoun	swe	Bårdson	properNoun	nor
Talola	properNoun	swe	Talola	properNoun	nor
Nuojua	properNoun	swe	Nuojua	properNoun	nor
Jormakka	properNoun	swe	Jormakka	properNoun	nor
Exeter	properNoun	swe	Exeter	properNoun	nor
Bihto	properNoun	swe	Bihto	properNoun	nor
Leena	properNoun	swe	Leena	properNoun	nor
Tuppurainen	properNoun	swe	Tuppurainen	properNoun	nor
Linde	properNoun	swe	Linde	properNoun	nor
Kryger	properNoun	swe	Kryger	properNoun	nor
Dålpi	properNoun	swe	Dålpi	properNoun	nor
Tommi	properNoun	swe	Tommi	properNoun	nor
Gun	properNoun	swe	Gun	properNoun	nor
Anett	properNoun	swe	Anett	properNoun	nor
Britt	properNoun	swe	Britt	properNoun	nor
Syrjälä	properNoun	swe	Syrjälä	properNoun	nor
Häyhä	properNoun	swe	Häyhä	properNoun	nor
Fjellvang	properNoun	swe	Fjellvang	properNoun	nor
Chanette	properNoun	swe	Chanette	properNoun	nor
Skancke	properNoun	swe	Skancke	properNoun	nor
Lohikoski	properNoun	swe	Lohikoski	properNoun	nor
Galtvort	properNoun	swe	Galtvort	properNoun	nor
Gáddjá	properNoun	swe	Gáddjá	properNoun	nor
Lindh	properNoun	swe	Lindh	properNoun	nor
Annaba	properNoun	swe	Annaba	properNoun	nor
Salokannel	properNoun	swe	Salokannel	properNoun	nor
Rebeke	properNoun	swe	Rebeke	properNoun	nor
Portti	properNoun	swe	Portti	properNoun	nor
Lindi	properNoun	swe	Lindi	properNoun	nor
Bockelie	properNoun	swe	Bockelie	properNoun	nor
Shanghai	properNoun	swe	Shanghai	properNoun	nor
Steinberg	properNoun	swe	Steinberg	properNoun	nor
Heaikka-Bier-várri	properNoun	swe	Heaikka-Bier-várri	properNoun	nor
Raestad	properNoun	swe	Raestad	properNoun	nor
Lindsted	properNoun	swe	Lindsted	properNoun	nor
Kjelstad	properNoun	swe	Kjelstad	properNoun	nor
Roaldsen	properNoun	swe	Roaldsen	properNoun	nor
Lausanne	properNoun	swe	Lausanne	properNoun	nor
Merisaari	properNoun	swe	Merisaari	properNoun	nor
Beahkávárri	properNoun	swe	Beahkávárri	properNoun	nor
Wiel	properNoun	swe	Wiel	properNoun	nor
Guy	properNoun	swe	Guy	properNoun	nor
Wien	properNoun	swe	Wien	properNoun	nor
Elkem	properNoun	swe	Elkem	properNoun	nor
Lola	properNoun	swe	Lola	properNoun	nor
Tuovinen	properNoun	swe	Tuovinen	properNoun	nor
Burbank	properNoun	swe	Burbank	properNoun	nor
Kabria	properNoun	swe	Kabria	properNoun	nor
Dagny	properNoun	swe	Dagny	properNoun	nor
Klæboe	properNoun	swe	Klæboe	properNoun	nor
Øverbygd	properNoun	swe	Øverbygd	properNoun	nor
Solovomi	properNoun	swe	Solovomi	properNoun	nor
Midt-Sverige	properNoun	swe	Midt-Sverige	properNoun	nor
Jokitalo	properNoun	swe	Jokitalo	properNoun	nor
Jonam	properNoun	swe	Jonam	properNoun	nor
Tommy	properNoun	swe	Tommy	properNoun	nor
Eurovisjonen	properNoun	swe	Eurovisjonen	properNoun	nor
Fredheim	properNoun	swe	Fredheim	properNoun	nor
Arredondo	properNoun	swe	Arredondo	properNoun	nor
Vergil	properNoun	swe	Vergil	properNoun	nor
Roth	properNoun	swe	Roth	properNoun	nor
Aberfan	properNoun	swe	Aberfan	properNoun	nor
Ánddevárri	properNoun	swe	Ánddevárri	properNoun	nor
Menander	properNoun	swe	Menander	properNoun	nor
Marlin	properNoun	swe	Marlin	properNoun	nor
Osebergskipet	properNoun	swe	Osebergskipet	properNoun	nor
Henningsvær	properNoun	swe	Henningsvær	properNoun	nor
Grossglockner	properNoun	swe	Grossglockner	properNoun	nor
Boehg	properNoun	swe	Boehg	properNoun	nor
Jonas	properNoun	swe	Jonas	properNoun	nor
Dae	properNoun	swe	Dae	properNoun	nor
Barfod	properNoun	swe	Barfod	properNoun	nor
Galenos	properNoun	swe	Galenos	properNoun	nor
Takvam	properNoun	swe	Takvam	properNoun	nor
Dag	properNoun	swe	Dag	properNoun	nor
Pelopponesos	properNoun	swe	Pelopponesos	properNoun	nor
Mallat	properNoun	swe	Mallat	properNoun	nor
d'or	properNoun	swe	d'or	properNoun	nor
Leonthin	properNoun	swe	Leonthin	properNoun	nor
Hafstrøm	properNoun	swe	Hafstrøm	properNoun	nor
Manniche	properNoun	swe	Manniche	properNoun	nor
Meydell	properNoun	swe	Meydell	properNoun	nor
Aakvik	properNoun	swe	Aakvik	properNoun	nor
Into	properNoun	swe	Into	properNoun	nor
Dombås	properNoun	swe	Dombås	properNoun	nor
Heikkonen	properNoun	swe	Heikkonen	properNoun	nor
Elizabeth	properNoun	swe	Elizabeth	properNoun	nor
Dorothy	properNoun	swe	Dorothy	properNoun	nor
Viiperi	properNoun	swe	Viiperi	properNoun	nor
Bonnerup	properNoun	swe	Bonnerup	properNoun	nor
Dan	properNoun	swe	Dan	properNoun	nor
Toril	properNoun	swe	Toril	properNoun	nor
AMO	properNoun	swe	AMO	properNoun	nor
Siltala	properNoun	swe	Siltala	properNoun	nor
Linnala	properNoun	swe	Linnala	properNoun	nor
Vilnius	properNoun	swe	Vilnius	properNoun	nor
Arntssen	properNoun	swe	Arntssen	properNoun	nor
Matveinen	properNoun	swe	Matveinen	properNoun	nor
Reuter	properNoun	swe	Reuter	properNoun	nor
Baton	properNoun	swe	Baton	properNoun	nor
Susann	properNoun	swe	Susann	properNoun	nor
Gorgias	properNoun	swe	Gorgias	properNoun	nor
Emily	properNoun	swe	Emily	properNoun	nor
Helveg	properNoun	swe	Helveg	properNoun	nor
Amnesty	properNoun	swe	Amnesty	properNoun	nor
Toukonen	properNoun	swe	Toukonen	properNoun	nor
Næss-Staten	properNoun	swe	Næss-Staten	properNoun	nor
Bjørnør	properNoun	swe	Bjørnør	properNoun	nor
Rocky	properNoun	swe	Rocky	properNoun	nor
Mikkolainen	properNoun	swe	Mikkolainen	properNoun	nor
Bator	properNoun	swe	Bator	properNoun	nor
Ruippo	properNoun	swe	Ruippo	properNoun	nor
Buan	properNoun	swe	Buan	properNoun	nor
Day	properNoun	swe	Day	properNoun	nor
Niillán	properNoun	swe	Niillán	properNoun	nor
Hersvik	properNoun	swe	Hersvik	properNoun	nor
Urheim	properNoun	swe	Urheim	properNoun	nor
Pihkanen	properNoun	swe	Pihkanen	properNoun	nor
Dunkerque	properNoun	swe	Dunkerque	properNoun	nor
Abelsen	properNoun	swe	Abelsen	properNoun	nor
Westh	properNoun	swe	Westh	properNoun	nor
Klim	properNoun	swe	Klim	properNoun	nor
Pyrrhos	properNoun	swe	Pyrrhos	properNoun	nor
Riiber	properNoun	swe	Riiber	properNoun	nor
Haimi	properNoun	swe	Haimi	properNoun	nor
Haeger	properNoun	swe	Haeger	properNoun	nor
Elam	properNoun	swe	Elam	properNoun	nor
Klio	properNoun	swe	Klio	properNoun	nor
Wales	properNoun	swe	Wales	properNoun	nor
Strandrønningen	properNoun	swe	Strandrønningen	properNoun	nor
Skarsvåg	properNoun	swe	Skarsvåg	properNoun	nor
Olausson	properNoun	swe	Olausson	properNoun	nor
Toivari	properNoun	swe	Toivari	properNoun	nor
Kongo	properNoun	swe	Kongo	properNoun	nor
Laatu	properNoun	swe	Laatu	properNoun	nor
Alanen	properNoun	swe	Alanen	properNoun	nor
Jylling	properNoun	swe	Jylling	properNoun	nor
Tobias	properNoun	swe	Tobias	properNoun	nor
Sølvguttene	properNoun	swe	Sølvguttene	properNoun	nor
Kaukanen	properNoun	swe	Kaukanen	properNoun	nor
Philip	properNoun	swe	Philip	properNoun	nor
Antinkaapo	properNoun	swe	Antinkaapo	properNoun	nor
Tuovila	properNoun	swe	Tuovila	properNoun	nor
Beahkágurra	properNoun	swe	Beahkágurra	properNoun	nor
Mulhouse	properNoun	swe	Mulhouse	properNoun	nor
Huttunen	properNoun	swe	Huttunen	properNoun	nor
Myllys	properNoun	swe	Myllys	properNoun	nor
Hildur	properNoun	swe	Hildur	properNoun	nor
Vilppola	properNoun	swe	Vilppola	properNoun	nor
Kunoy	properNoun	swe	Kunoy	properNoun	nor
Råholt	properNoun	swe	Råholt	properNoun	nor
Balsvik	properNoun	swe	Balsvik	properNoun	nor
Halldor	properNoun	swe	Halldor	properNoun	nor
Tarnanen	properNoun	swe	Tarnanen	properNoun	nor
Koukka	properNoun	swe	Koukka	properNoun	nor
Carter	properNoun	swe	Carter	properNoun	nor
Kaivosjávri	properNoun	swe	Kaivosjávri	properNoun	nor
Eiksmarka	properNoun	swe	Eiksmarka	properNoun	nor
Hämeenaho	properNoun	swe	Hämeenaho	properNoun	nor
FIS	properNoun	swe	FIS	properNoun	nor
Tronssen	properNoun	swe	Tronssen	properNoun	nor
Majamäki	properNoun	swe	Majamäki	properNoun	nor
Götene	properNoun	swe	Götene	properNoun	nor
Tower	properNoun	swe	Tower	properNoun	nor
Emilia-Romagna	properNoun	swe	Emilia-Romagna	properNoun	nor
Phillip	properNoun	swe	Phillip	properNoun	nor
Guernsey	properNoun	swe	Guernsey	properNoun	nor
Prewitt	properNoun	swe	Prewitt	properNoun	nor
Petäjäniemi	properNoun	swe	Petäjäniemi	properNoun	nor
Kyrönlahti	properNoun	swe	Kyrönlahti	properNoun	nor
Trek	properNoun	swe	Trek	properNoun	nor
Márjjájeaggi	properNoun	swe	Márjjájeaggi	properNoun	nor
Linea	properNoun	swe	Linea	properNoun	nor
Colombo	properNoun	swe	Colombo	properNoun	nor
Skaltje	properNoun	swe	Skaltje	properNoun	nor
Lohvansuu	properNoun	swe	Lohvansuu	properNoun	nor
Agnethe	properNoun	swe	Agnethe	properNoun	nor
Windows	properNoun	swe	Windows	properNoun	nor
Prakova	properNoun	swe	Prakova	properNoun	nor
Grutle	properNoun	swe	Grutle	properNoun	nor
Jespersson	properNoun	swe	Jespersson	properNoun	nor
Perttola	properNoun	swe	Perttola	properNoun	nor
Mølnbukt	properNoun	swe	Mølnbukt	properNoun	nor
Framer	properNoun	swe	Framer	properNoun	nor
Paintbrush	properNoun	swe	Paintbrush	properNoun	nor
Anthi	properNoun	swe	Anthi	properNoun	nor
Thorkil	properNoun	swe	Thorkil	properNoun	nor
Sabbasen	properNoun	swe	Sabbasen	properNoun	nor
Lathion	properNoun	swe	Lathion	properNoun	nor
Huikuri	properNoun	swe	Huikuri	properNoun	nor
Hartonen	properNoun	swe	Hartonen	properNoun	nor
Vie	properNoun	swe	Vie	properNoun	nor
Tres	properNoun	swe	Tres	properNoun	nor
Thorud	properNoun	swe	Thorud	properNoun	nor
Saarivirta	properNoun	swe	Saarivirta	properNoun	nor
Antilibanon	properNoun	swe	Antilibanon	properNoun	nor
Alikoski	properNoun	swe	Alikoski	properNoun	nor
Vagn	properNoun	swe	Vagn	properNoun	nor
Uimonen	properNoun	swe	Uimonen	properNoun	nor
Solnør	properNoun	swe	Solnør	properNoun	nor
Rommel	properNoun	swe	Rommel	properNoun	nor
Vig	properNoun	swe	Vig	properNoun	nor
Swann	properNoun	swe	Swann	properNoun	nor
Pekuri	properNoun	swe	Pekuri	properNoun	nor
Heinason	properNoun	swe	Heinason	properNoun	nor
Eskonen	properNoun	swe	Eskonen	properNoun	nor
Ånonsson	properNoun	swe	Ånonsson	properNoun	nor
Piot	properNoun	swe	Piot	properNoun	nor
Muikku	properNoun	swe	Muikku	properNoun	nor
Flekkefjord	properNoun	swe	Flekkefjord	properNoun	nor
Koukku	properNoun	swe	Koukku	properNoun	nor
Ihanus	properNoun	swe	Ihanus	properNoun	nor
Johannesburg	properNoun	swe	Johannesburg	properNoun	nor
Vik	properNoun	swe	Vik	properNoun	nor
Näätänen	properNoun	swe	Näätänen	properNoun	nor
Maternes	properNoun	swe	Maternes	properNoun	nor
Janus	properNoun	swe	Janus	properNoun	nor
Sölvbekke	properNoun	swe	Sölvbekke	properNoun	nor
Biehttár	properNoun	swe	Biehttár	properNoun	nor
Akselssen	properNoun	swe	Akselssen	properNoun	nor
Bækken	properNoun	swe	Bækken	properNoun	nor
Brüssel	properNoun	swe	Brüssel	properNoun	nor
Törmänen	properNoun	swe	Törmänen	properNoun	nor
Ballerud	properNoun	swe	Ballerud	properNoun	nor
Jafet	properNoun	swe	Jafet	properNoun	nor
Thorup	properNoun	swe	Thorup	properNoun	nor
Wallace	properNoun	swe	Wallace	properNoun	nor
Danmárku	properNoun	swe	Danmárku	properNoun	nor
Rousu	properNoun	swe	Rousu	properNoun	nor
Jørgine	properNoun	swe	Jørgine	properNoun	nor
ANC	properNoun	swe	ANC	properNoun	nor
Ráipásaš	properNoun	swe	Ráipásaš	properNoun	nor
Loumann	properNoun	swe	Loumann	properNoun	nor
Hultsfred	properNoun	swe	Hultsfred	properNoun	nor
Drewsen	properNoun	swe	Drewsen	properNoun	nor
Sjurssen	properNoun	swe	Sjurssen	properNoun	nor
Vaaraniemi	properNoun	swe	Vaaraniemi	properNoun	nor
Ratilainen	properNoun	swe	Ratilainen	properNoun	nor
Raknes	properNoun	swe	Raknes	properNoun	nor
Raukola	properNoun	swe	Raukola	properNoun	nor
Geertsen	properNoun	swe	Geertsen	properNoun	nor
Vinnari	properNoun	swe	Vinnari	properNoun	nor
Røgler	properNoun	swe	Røgler	properNoun	nor
Torje	properNoun	swe	Torje	properNoun	nor
Skjellbukt	properNoun	swe	Skjellbukt	properNoun	nor
Gørild	properNoun	swe	Gørild	properNoun	nor
Vårherre	properNoun	swe	Vårherre	properNoun	nor
England	properNoun	swe	England	properNoun	nor
Lucknow	properNoun	swe	Lucknow	properNoun	nor
Linaker	properNoun	swe	Linaker	properNoun	nor
Ballerup	properNoun	swe	Ballerup	properNoun	nor
Janoš	properNoun	swe	Janoš	properNoun	nor
Gunvor	properNoun	swe	Gunvor	properNoun	nor
Kafka	properNoun	swe	Kafka	properNoun	nor
Natanael	properNoun	swe	Natanael	properNoun	nor
Drangshold	properNoun	swe	Drangshold	properNoun	nor
Aaseth	properNoun	swe	Aaseth	properNoun	nor
Kvam	properNoun	swe	Kvam	properNoun	nor
Peränen	properNoun	swe	Peränen	properNoun	nor
Huumonen	properNoun	swe	Huumonen	properNoun	nor
Freetown	properNoun	swe	Freetown	properNoun	nor
Nord-Lenangen	properNoun	swe	Nord-Lenangen	properNoun	nor
Kovalevskaja	properNoun	swe	Kovalevskaja	properNoun	nor
Heikkurinen	properNoun	swe	Heikkurinen	properNoun	nor
Janssen	properNoun	swe	Janssen	properNoun	nor
Gørill	properNoun	swe	Gørill	properNoun	nor
Sør-Sudan	properNoun	swe	Sør-Sudan	properNoun	nor
Sprauten	properNoun	swe	Sprauten	properNoun	nor
Kuukasjärvi	properNoun	swe	Kuukasjärvi	properNoun	nor
Vahtera	properNoun	swe	Vahtera	properNoun	nor
Rødgaard	properNoun	swe	Rødgaard	properNoun	nor
Karthago	properNoun	swe	Karthago	properNoun	nor
Chelmsford	properNoun	swe	Chelmsford	properNoun	nor
Oeding	properNoun	swe	Oeding	properNoun	nor
Huittinen	properNoun	swe	Huittinen	properNoun	nor
Ølnes	properNoun	swe	Ølnes	properNoun	nor
Uskali	properNoun	swe	Uskali	properNoun	nor
Markhus	properNoun	swe	Markhus	properNoun	nor
Rånnaug	properNoun	swe	Rånnaug	properNoun	nor
Papazian	properNoun	swe	Papazian	properNoun	nor
Levo	properNoun	swe	Levo	properNoun	nor
Loire	properNoun	swe	Loire	properNoun	nor
Lukas	properNoun	swe	Lukas	properNoun	nor
Koskinen	properNoun	swe	Koskinen	properNoun	nor
Borud	properNoun	swe	Borud	properNoun	nor
Michelsen	properNoun	swe	Michelsen	properNoun	nor
Andorra	properNoun	swe	Andorra	properNoun	nor
Isohanni	properNoun	swe	Isohanni	properNoun	nor
Fofonof	properNoun	swe	Fofonof	properNoun	nor
Haldorson	properNoun	swe	Haldorson	properNoun	nor
Skolmen	properNoun	swe	Skolmen	properNoun	nor
Pekkinen	properNoun	swe	Pekkinen	properNoun	nor
Nordås	properNoun	swe	Nordås	properNoun	nor
Marelius	properNoun	swe	Marelius	properNoun	nor
Lahtela	properNoun	swe	Lahtela	properNoun	nor
Drangsholt	properNoun	swe	Drangsholt	properNoun	nor
Vannvåg	properNoun	swe	Vannvåg	properNoun	nor
Mohamed	properNoun	swe	Mohamed	properNoun	nor
Rajala	properNoun	swe	Rajala	properNoun	nor
Näkki	properNoun	swe	Näkki	properNoun	nor
Myllyniemi	properNoun	swe	Myllyniemi	properNoun	nor
Hintsa	properNoun	swe	Hintsa	properNoun	nor
Májjá	properNoun	swe	Májjá	properNoun	nor
Pakkala	properNoun	swe	Pakkala	properNoun	nor
Ishtar	properNoun	swe	Ishtar	properNoun	nor
Arethun	properNoun	swe	Arethun	properNoun	nor
Timonen	properNoun	swe	Timonen	properNoun	nor
Aarebrot	properNoun	swe	Aarebrot	properNoun	nor
Efeserbrevet	properNoun	swe	Efeserbrevet	properNoun	nor
Kaaresson	properNoun	swe	Kaaresson	properNoun	nor
Thøgersen	properNoun	swe	Thøgersen	properNoun	nor
Blind	properNoun	swe	Blind	properNoun	nor
Nellemann	properNoun	swe	Nellemann	properNoun	nor
Liseth	properNoun	swe	Liseth	properNoun	nor
Anders	properNoun	swe	Anders	properNoun	nor
Winterthur	properNoun	swe	Winterthur	properNoun	nor
Grebbestad	properNoun	swe	Grebbestad	properNoun	nor
Skagestad	properNoun	swe	Skagestad	properNoun	nor
Ponkala	properNoun	swe	Ponkala	properNoun	nor
Aleksandra	properNoun	swe	Aleksandra	properNoun	nor
Marstein	properNoun	swe	Marstein	properNoun	nor
Koppinen	properNoun	swe	Koppinen	properNoun	nor
Frette	properNoun	swe	Frette	properNoun	nor
Fenton	properNoun	swe	Fenton	properNoun	nor
Akerselva	properNoun	swe	Akerselva	properNoun	nor
Prytz	properNoun	swe	Prytz	properNoun	nor
Eilertssen	properNoun	swe	Eilertssen	properNoun	nor
Lapin	properNoun	swe	Lapin	properNoun	nor
Vuoristo	properNoun	swe	Vuoristo	properNoun	nor
Gjems	properNoun	swe	Gjems	properNoun	nor
Erlandsson	properNoun	swe	Erlandsson	properNoun	nor
Gandhi	properNoun	swe	Gandhi	properNoun	nor
Gylling	properNoun	swe	Gylling	properNoun	nor
Andernach	properNoun	swe	Andernach	properNoun	nor
Tenho	properNoun	swe	Tenho	properNoun	nor
Sunnan	properNoun	swe	Sunnan	properNoun	nor
Nintendo	properNoun	swe	Nintendo	properNoun	nor
O'Shelley	properNoun	swe	O'Shelley	properNoun	nor
Jaffa	properNoun	swe	Jaffa	properNoun	nor
Margot	properNoun	swe	Margot	properNoun	nor
Telemark	properNoun	swe	Telemark	properNoun	nor
Lindseth	properNoun	swe	Lindseth	properNoun	nor
Westrheim	properNoun	swe	Westrheim	properNoun	nor
Hallila	properNoun	swe	Hallila	properNoun	nor
Josefssen	properNoun	swe	Josefssen	properNoun	nor
Ivvárgoađejávri	properNoun	swe	Ivvárgoađejávri	properNoun	nor
Keräsjávri	properNoun	swe	Keräsjávri	properNoun	nor
Ingvarda	properNoun	swe	Ingvarda	properNoun	nor
Pursiainen	properNoun	swe	Pursiainen	properNoun	nor
Kotajärvi	properNoun	swe	Kotajärvi	properNoun	nor
Hancke	properNoun	swe	Hancke	properNoun	nor
Sunnari	properNoun	swe	Sunnari	properNoun	nor
Bjerkholt	properNoun	swe	Bjerkholt	properNoun	nor
Theil	properNoun	swe	Theil	properNoun	nor
Opec	properNoun	swe	Opec	properNoun	nor
Cabo	properNoun	swe	Cabo	properNoun	nor
Drammen	properNoun	swe	Drammen	properNoun	nor
Otto-Ville	properNoun	swe	Otto-Ville	properNoun	nor
Torrisen	properNoun	swe	Torrisen	properNoun	nor
Lauridsen	properNoun	swe	Lauridsen	properNoun	nor
Rørstad	properNoun	swe	Rørstad	properNoun	nor
Heinikoski	properNoun	swe	Heinikoski	properNoun	nor
Egge	properNoun	swe	Egge	properNoun	nor
Theodorsen	properNoun	swe	Theodorsen	properNoun	nor
Kjølbrønn	properNoun	swe	Kjølbrønn	properNoun	nor
Casablanca	properNoun	swe	Casablanca	properNoun	nor
Johannssen	properNoun	swe	Johannssen	properNoun	nor
Igeland	properNoun	swe	Igeland	properNoun	nor
Billund	properNoun	swe	Billund	properNoun	nor
Bente	properNoun	swe	Bente	properNoun	nor
Vieltojärvi	properNoun	swe	Vieltojärvi	properNoun	nor
Heinikainen	properNoun	swe	Heinikainen	properNoun	nor
Thom	properNoun	swe	Thom	properNoun	nor
Opel	properNoun	swe	Opel	properNoun	nor
Løvås	properNoun	swe	Løvås	properNoun	nor
Thon	properNoun	swe	Thon	properNoun	nor
Open	properNoun	swe	Open	properNoun	nor
Harbin	properNoun	swe	Harbin	properNoun	nor
Lone	properNoun	swe	Lone	properNoun	nor
Thor	properNoun	swe	Thor	properNoun	nor
Long	properNoun	swe	Long	properNoun	nor
Strange	properNoun	swe	Strange	properNoun	nor
Snøhvit-huksen	properNoun	swe	Snøhvit-huksen	properNoun	nor
Saarela	properNoun	swe	Saarela	properNoun	nor
Vennesla	properNoun	swe	Vennesla	properNoun	nor
Hollywood	properNoun	swe	Hollywood	properNoun	nor
Prinkkilä	properNoun	swe	Prinkkilä	properNoun	nor
Folda	properNoun	swe	Folda	properNoun	nor
Varjonen	properNoun	swe	Varjonen	properNoun	nor
Postila	properNoun	swe	Postila	properNoun	nor
Otranen	properNoun	swe	Otranen	properNoun	nor
Kujamäki	properNoun	swe	Kujamäki	properNoun	nor
Eidheim	properNoun	swe	Eidheim	properNoun	nor
AOF	properNoun	swe	AOF	properNoun	nor
Syversen	properNoun	swe	Syversen	properNoun	nor
Tuokko	properNoun	swe	Tuokko	properNoun	nor
Knagenhjem	properNoun	swe	Knagenhjem	properNoun	nor
Corneliusson	properNoun	swe	Corneliusson	properNoun	nor
Lauer	properNoun	swe	Lauer	properNoun	nor
Meyer	properNoun	swe	Meyer	properNoun	nor
Støen	properNoun	swe	Støen	properNoun	nor
Multala	properNoun	swe	Multala	properNoun	nor
Middelalder-Oslo	properNoun	swe	Middelalder-Oslo	properNoun	nor
Hammurapi	properNoun	swe	Hammurapi	properNoun	nor
Oslomarka	properNoun	swe	Oslomarka	properNoun	nor
Iŋggá	properNoun	swe	Iŋggá	properNoun	nor
Hardeid	properNoun	swe	Hardeid	properNoun	nor
Aamodt	properNoun	swe	Aamodt	properNoun	nor
Virnes	properNoun	swe	Virnes	properNoun	nor
Monte	properNoun	swe	Monte	properNoun	nor
Semb	properNoun	swe	Semb	properNoun	nor
Kåfjord	properNoun	swe	Kåfjord	properNoun	nor
Pollestad	properNoun	swe	Pollestad	properNoun	nor
Siambukta	properNoun	swe	Siambukta	properNoun	nor
Heilmann	properNoun	swe	Heilmann	properNoun	nor
Gjøs	properNoun	swe	Gjøs	properNoun	nor
Bulken	properNoun	swe	Bulken	properNoun	nor
Bjorberg	properNoun	swe	Bjorberg	properNoun	nor
Valberg	properNoun	swe	Valberg	properNoun	nor
Simonen	properNoun	swe	Simonen	properNoun	nor
Jakola	properNoun	swe	Jakola	properNoun	nor
Ingegerd	properNoun	swe	Ingegerd	properNoun	nor
Wolter	properNoun	swe	Wolter	properNoun	nor
Paajanen	properNoun	swe	Paajanen	properNoun	nor
Närvänen	properNoun	swe	Närvänen	properNoun	nor
Morceli	properNoun	swe	Morceli	properNoun	nor
Buch	properNoun	swe	Buch	properNoun	nor
Tordenskjold	properNoun	swe	Tordenskjold	properNoun	nor
Balak	properNoun	swe	Balak	properNoun	nor
Ulnes	properNoun	swe	Ulnes	properNoun	nor
Lakesis	properNoun	swe	Lakesis	properNoun	nor
Illukka	properNoun	swe	Illukka	properNoun	nor
Buck	properNoun	swe	Buck	properNoun	nor
Meek	properNoun	swe	Meek	properNoun	nor
Bundgaard	properNoun	swe	Bundgaard	properNoun	nor
Sarilla	properNoun	swe	Sarilla	properNoun	nor
Minerva	properNoun	swe	Minerva	properNoun	nor
Meel	properNoun	swe	Meel	properNoun	nor
Engum	properNoun	swe	Engum	properNoun	nor
Eigtved	properNoun	swe	Eigtved	properNoun	nor
Nielsen	properNoun	swe	Nielsen	properNoun	nor
Khorramshahr	properNoun	swe	Khorramshahr	properNoun	nor
Junkedal	properNoun	swe	Junkedal	properNoun	nor
Trondheimsfjorden	properNoun	swe	Trondheimsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Papinniemi	properNoun	swe	Papinniemi	properNoun	nor
Gaspar	properNoun	swe	Gaspar	properNoun	nor
Eljakim	properNoun	swe	Eljakim	properNoun	nor
Fylling	properNoun	swe	Fylling	properNoun	nor
Ingebrigt	properNoun	swe	Ingebrigt	properNoun	nor
Saarbrücken	properNoun	swe	Saarbrücken	properNoun	nor
Alvestad	properNoun	swe	Alvestad	properNoun	nor
Østvang	properNoun	swe	Østvang	properNoun	nor
Koskiniemi	properNoun	swe	Koskiniemi	properNoun	nor
Loisi	properNoun	swe	Loisi	properNoun	nor
Wikeby	properNoun	swe	Wikeby	properNoun	nor
Westbye	properNoun	swe	Westbye	properNoun	nor
Walberg	properNoun	swe	Walberg	properNoun	nor
Kylmäniemi	properNoun	swe	Kylmäniemi	properNoun	nor
Dybbøls	properNoun	swe	Dybbøls	properNoun	nor
Jan-Roger	properNoun	swe	Jan-Roger	properNoun	nor
Securitas	properNoun	swe	Securitas	properNoun	nor
Øynes	properNoun	swe	Øynes	properNoun	nor
Luosujärvi	properNoun	swe	Luosujärvi	properNoun	nor
Frankrike	properNoun	swe	Frankrike	properNoun	nor
Marjeta	properNoun	swe	Marjeta	properNoun	nor
Keinonen	properNoun	swe	Keinonen	properNoun	nor
Ådalen	properNoun	swe	Ådalen	properNoun	nor
Hallingskarvet	properNoun	swe	Hallingskarvet	properNoun	nor
B-gjengen	properNoun	swe	B-gjengen	properNoun	nor
Jan-Inge	properNoun	swe	Jan-Inge	properNoun	nor
Mahalalel	properNoun	swe	Mahalalel	properNoun	nor
Kvivesen	properNoun	swe	Kvivesen	properNoun	nor
Death	properNoun	swe	Death	properNoun	nor
Mahmood	properNoun	swe	Mahmood	properNoun	nor
Abimael	properNoun	swe	Abimael	properNoun	nor
Bjørnar	properNoun	swe	Bjørnar	properNoun	nor
Jaako	properNoun	swe	Jaako	properNoun	nor
Ellisiv	properNoun	swe	Ellisiv	properNoun	nor
Torshavn	properNoun	swe	Torshavn	properNoun	nor
Olufsen	properNoun	swe	Olufsen	properNoun	nor
Wadsoen	properNoun	swe	Wadsoen	properNoun	nor
Sihvola	properNoun	swe	Sihvola	properNoun	nor
Qom	properNoun	swe	Qom	properNoun	nor
Kolhonen	properNoun	swe	Kolhonen	properNoun	nor
Mandsjuria	properNoun	swe	Mandsjuria	properNoun	nor
Karstenssen	properNoun	swe	Karstenssen	properNoun	nor
Saarikoski	properNoun	swe	Saarikoski	properNoun	nor
Mäkeläinen	properNoun	swe	Mäkeläinen	properNoun	nor
Helgerød	properNoun	swe	Helgerød	properNoun	nor
Haltia	properNoun	swe	Haltia	properNoun	nor
Romsdal	properNoun	swe	Romsdal	properNoun	nor
Valtonen	properNoun	swe	Valtonen	properNoun	nor
Kanninen	properNoun	swe	Kanninen	properNoun	nor
Mocambique	properNoun	swe	Mocambique	properNoun	nor
Kuusisaari	properNoun	swe	Kuusisaari	properNoun	nor
Alvum	properNoun	swe	Alvum	properNoun	nor
Brage	properNoun	swe	Brage	properNoun	nor
Surna	properNoun	swe	Surna	properNoun	nor
Vevang	properNoun	swe	Vevang	properNoun	nor
Sammallahti	properNoun	swe	Sammallahti	properNoun	nor
Olufine	properNoun	swe	Olufine	properNoun	nor
Ursin	properNoun	swe	Ursin	properNoun	nor
Helstad	properNoun	swe	Helstad	properNoun	nor
Iskon-Máhte	properNoun	swe	Iskon-Máhte	properNoun	nor
Hanssen	properNoun	swe	Hanssen	properNoun	nor
Isabel	properNoun	swe	Isabel	properNoun	nor
Pirttilahti	properNoun	swe	Pirttilahti	properNoun	nor
Bragi	properNoun	swe	Bragi	properNoun	nor
Kidjo	properNoun	swe	Kidjo	properNoun	nor
Evert	properNoun	swe	Evert	properNoun	nor
Caledonia	properNoun	swe	Caledonia	properNoun	nor
Lishagen	properNoun	swe	Lishagen	properNoun	nor
Kjerschow	properNoun	swe	Kjerschow	properNoun	nor
Hanka	properNoun	swe	Hanka	properNoun	nor
Khatami	properNoun	swe	Khatami	properNoun	nor
Jussenaš	properNoun	swe	Jussenaš	properNoun	nor
Hansine	properNoun	swe	Hansine	properNoun	nor
Schiødt	properNoun	swe	Schiødt	properNoun	nor
Piekkari	properNoun	swe	Piekkari	properNoun	nor
Alnes	properNoun	swe	Alnes	properNoun	nor
Venus	properNoun	swe	Venus	properNoun	nor
Blindern	properNoun	swe	Blindern	properNoun	nor
Aram	properNoun	swe	Aram	properNoun	nor
Berekvam	properNoun	swe	Berekvam	properNoun	nor
Rykkje	properNoun	swe	Rykkje	properNoun	nor
Gasai	properNoun	swe	Gasai	properNoun	nor
Syrjäläinen	properNoun	swe	Syrjäläinen	properNoun	nor
Linge	properNoun	swe	Linge	properNoun	nor
Grip	properNoun	swe	Grip	properNoun	nor
Tomsvik	properNoun	swe	Tomsvik	properNoun	nor
Bientie	properNoun	swe	Bientie	properNoun	nor
Coventry	properNoun	swe	Coventry	properNoun	nor
Changchun	properNoun	swe	Changchun	properNoun	nor
Bierajávri	properNoun	swe	Bierajávri	properNoun	nor
Gdansk	properNoun	swe	Gdansk	properNoun	nor
Vaucluse	properNoun	swe	Vaucluse	properNoun	nor
Paal	properNoun	swe	Paal	properNoun	nor
Trabant	properNoun	swe	Trabant	properNoun	nor
KGB	properNoun	swe	KGB	properNoun	nor
Yngve	properNoun	swe	Yngve	properNoun	nor
Frandsen	properNoun	swe	Frandsen	properNoun	nor
Kouvalainen	properNoun	swe	Kouvalainen	properNoun	nor
Törrö	properNoun	swe	Törrö	properNoun	nor
Romppainen	properNoun	swe	Romppainen	properNoun	nor
Tompuri	properNoun	swe	Tompuri	properNoun	nor
Catarina	properNoun	swe	Catarina	properNoun	nor
Stafsberg	properNoun	swe	Stafsberg	properNoun	nor
Korjus	properNoun	swe	Korjus	properNoun	nor
Kolbjørn	properNoun	swe	Kolbjørn	properNoun	nor
Jømna	properNoun	swe	Jømna	properNoun	nor
Jungersen	properNoun	swe	Jungersen	properNoun	nor
Elmgren	properNoun	swe	Elmgren	properNoun	nor
Sebastián	properNoun	swe	Sebastián	properNoun	nor
Ánna	properNoun	swe	Ánna	properNoun	nor
Framnæs	properNoun	swe	Framnæs	properNoun	nor
Kaaten	properNoun	swe	Kaaten	properNoun	nor
Steinsland	properNoun	swe	Steinsland	properNoun	nor
Knesset	properNoun	swe	Knesset	properNoun	nor
Bertheussen	properNoun	swe	Bertheussen	properNoun	nor
Gransherad	properNoun	swe	Gransherad	properNoun	nor
Vatnahalsen	properNoun	swe	Vatnahalsen	properNoun	nor
Rekstad	properNoun	swe	Rekstad	properNoun	nor
Kuš	properNoun	swe	Kuš	properNoun	nor
Jidda	properNoun	swe	Jidda	properNoun	nor
Kaunonen	properNoun	swe	Kaunonen	properNoun	nor
Friedrich	properNoun	swe	Friedrich	properNoun	nor
Nordagutu	properNoun	swe	Nordagutu	properNoun	nor
Forbord	properNoun	swe	Forbord	properNoun	nor
Romeo	properNoun	swe	Romeo	properNoun	nor
Ánne	properNoun	swe	Ánne	properNoun	nor
Lambert	properNoun	swe	Lambert	properNoun	nor
Diaz	properNoun	swe	Diaz	properNoun	nor
Pierajávri	properNoun	swe	Pierajávri	properNoun	nor
Jovnnavárri	properNoun	swe	Jovnnavárri	properNoun	nor
Ltd	properNoun	swe	Ltd	properNoun	nor
Kalager	properNoun	swe	Kalager	properNoun	nor
Kajava	properNoun	swe	Kajava	properNoun	nor
Føhr	properNoun	swe	Føhr	properNoun	nor
Farakhan	properNoun	swe	Farakhan	properNoun	nor
Devold	properNoun	swe	Devold	properNoun	nor
Niklas	properNoun	swe	Niklas	properNoun	nor
Mjøen	properNoun	swe	Mjøen	properNoun	nor
Lossavárri	properNoun	swe	Lossavárri	properNoun	nor
Hundorp	properNoun	swe	Hundorp	properNoun	nor
Benum	properNoun	swe	Benum	properNoun	nor
Anfield	properNoun	swe	Anfield	properNoun	nor
Syverssen	properNoun	swe	Syverssen	properNoun	nor
Austin	properNoun	swe	Austin	properNoun	nor
Naddvik	properNoun	swe	Naddvik	properNoun	nor
Gopher	properNoun	swe	Gopher	properNoun	nor
Arlberg	properNoun	swe	Arlberg	properNoun	nor
Hegerslund	properNoun	swe	Hegerslund	properNoun	nor
Aabel	properNoun	swe	Aabel	properNoun	nor
Palttala	properNoun	swe	Palttala	properNoun	nor
Kujanen	properNoun	swe	Kujanen	properNoun	nor
Hartviksen	properNoun	swe	Hartviksen	properNoun	nor
Gutnil	properNoun	swe	Gutnil	properNoun	nor
Airin	properNoun	swe	Airin	properNoun	nor
Ingvaldsson	properNoun	swe	Ingvaldsson	properNoun	nor
Ørsted	properNoun	swe	Ørsted	properNoun	nor
Airio	properNoun	swe	Airio	properNoun	nor
Fofonoff	properNoun	swe	Fofonoff	properNoun	nor
Marianene	properNoun	swe	Marianene	properNoun	nor
Bikkejávri	properNoun	swe	Bikkejávri	properNoun	nor
Stoll	properNoun	swe	Stoll	properNoun	nor
Virpi	properNoun	swe	Virpi	properNoun	nor
Ecuador	properNoun	swe	Ecuador	properNoun	nor
Sigurdson	properNoun	swe	Sigurdson	properNoun	nor
Vigelandsanlegget	properNoun	swe	Vigelandsanlegget	properNoun	nor
Möttönen	properNoun	swe	Möttönen	properNoun	nor
Klungtveit	properNoun	swe	Klungtveit	properNoun	nor
Buda	properNoun	swe	Buda	properNoun	nor
Wroclaw	properNoun	swe	Wroclaw	properNoun	nor
Gunnar	properNoun	swe	Gunnar	properNoun	nor
Namsen	properNoun	swe	Namsen	properNoun	nor
Marjoniemi	properNoun	swe	Marjoniemi	properNoun	nor
Zjukov	properNoun	swe	Zjukov	properNoun	nor
Moksness	properNoun	swe	Moksness	properNoun	nor
Läntinen	properNoun	swe	Läntinen	properNoun	nor
Holmstad	properNoun	swe	Holmstad	properNoun	nor
Milano	properNoun	swe	Milano	properNoun	nor
Newfoundland	properNoun	swe	Newfoundland	properNoun	nor
Erikson	properNoun	swe	Erikson	properNoun	nor
Mitylen	properNoun	swe	Mitylen	properNoun	nor
Claes	properNoun	swe	Claes	properNoun	nor
Preston	properNoun	swe	Preston	properNoun	nor
Botten	properNoun	swe	Botten	properNoun	nor
Vuollevuotna	properNoun	swe	Vuollevuotna	properNoun	nor
Kivilä	properNoun	swe	Kivilä	properNoun	nor
Stjørdalselva	properNoun	swe	Stjørdalselva	properNoun	nor
Krogstad	properNoun	swe	Krogstad	properNoun	nor
Kellokumpu	properNoun	swe	Kellokumpu	properNoun	nor
Kivimaa	properNoun	swe	Kivimaa	properNoun	nor
Rurik	properNoun	swe	Rurik	properNoun	nor
Talvitie	properNoun	swe	Talvitie	properNoun	nor
Kronolensmann	properNoun	swe	Kronolensmann	properNoun	nor
Hull	properNoun	swe	Hull	properNoun	nor
Norefjell	properNoun	swe	Norefjell	properNoun	nor
Hustad	properNoun	swe	Hustad	properNoun	nor
Schwigaards	properNoun	swe	Schwigaards	properNoun	nor
Savolainen	properNoun	swe	Savolainen	properNoun	nor
Fenger	properNoun	swe	Fenger	properNoun	nor
Vehmas	properNoun	swe	Vehmas	properNoun	nor
Holdersströmmen	properNoun	swe	Holdersströmmen	properNoun	nor
Edvind	properNoun	swe	Edvind	properNoun	nor
Davidson	properNoun	swe	Davidson	properNoun	nor
Nietzsche	properNoun	swe	Nietzsche	properNoun	nor
Aspengren	properNoun	swe	Aspengren	properNoun	nor
Samson	properNoun	swe	Samson	properNoun	nor
Pollachius	properNoun	swe	Pollachius	properNoun	nor
Holmen	properNoun	swe	Holmen	properNoun	nor
Allerød	properNoun	swe	Allerød	properNoun	nor
Vankka	properNoun	swe	Vankka	properNoun	nor
Lakkala	properNoun	swe	Lakkala	properNoun	nor
Stad	properNoun	swe	Stad	properNoun	nor
Paris	properNoun	swe	Paris	properNoun	nor
Bendiks	properNoun	swe	Bendiks	properNoun	nor
Arnulf	properNoun	swe	Arnulf	properNoun	nor
Guivverášša	properNoun	swe	Guivverášša	properNoun	nor
Hult	properNoun	swe	Hult	properNoun	nor
Evenson	properNoun	swe	Evenson	properNoun	nor
Vuola	properNoun	swe	Vuola	properNoun	nor
Granerud	properNoun	swe	Granerud	properNoun	nor
Heftye	properNoun	swe	Heftye	properNoun	nor
Erpecom	properNoun	swe	Erpecom	properNoun	nor
Taisto	properNoun	swe	Taisto	properNoun	nor
Stai	properNoun	swe	Stai	properNoun	nor
Satan	properNoun	swe	Satan	properNoun	nor
Salsnes	properNoun	swe	Salsnes	properNoun	nor
Poastajeaggi	properNoun	swe	Poastajeaggi	properNoun	nor
Stal	properNoun	swe	Stal	properNoun	nor
Hilska	properNoun	swe	Hilska	properNoun	nor
Pohjanen	properNoun	swe	Pohjanen	properNoun	nor
Kultala	properNoun	swe	Kultala	properNoun	nor
ANSA	properNoun	swe	ANSA	properNoun	nor
Reiersson	properNoun	swe	Reiersson	properNoun	nor
Stan	properNoun	swe	Stan	properNoun	nor
Texas	properNoun	swe	Texas	properNoun	nor
Reinskar	properNoun	swe	Reinskar	properNoun	nor
Gudmundur	properNoun	swe	Gudmundur	properNoun	nor
Rolfssen	properNoun	swe	Rolfssen	properNoun	nor
Vormstad	properNoun	swe	Vormstad	properNoun	nor
Godard	properNoun	swe	Godard	properNoun	nor
Falkensten	properNoun	swe	Falkensten	properNoun	nor
Jerry	properNoun	swe	Jerry	properNoun	nor
Østfold	properNoun	swe	Østfold	properNoun	nor
FLN	properNoun	swe	FLN	properNoun	nor
Laksevåg	properNoun	swe	Laksevåg	properNoun	nor
Westberg	properNoun	swe	Westberg	properNoun	nor
Kotanen	properNoun	swe	Kotanen	properNoun	nor
Brahe	properNoun	swe	Brahe	properNoun	nor
Star	properNoun	swe	Star	properNoun	nor
Wilander	properNoun	swe	Wilander	properNoun	nor
Sølsnes	properNoun	swe	Sølsnes	properNoun	nor
Niininen	properNoun	swe	Niininen	properNoun	nor
Mahlanen	properNoun	swe	Mahlanen	properNoun	nor
Gitte	properNoun	swe	Gitte	properNoun	nor
Vahala	properNoun	swe	Vahala	properNoun	nor
Nordbyhagen	properNoun	swe	Nordbyhagen	properNoun	nor
Ekman	properNoun	swe	Ekman	properNoun	nor
Simonsson	properNoun	swe	Simonsson	properNoun	nor
Kostiainen	properNoun	swe	Kostiainen	properNoun	nor
Kiilunen	properNoun	swe	Kiilunen	properNoun	nor
Torlaug	properNoun	swe	Torlaug	properNoun	nor
Sivertsen	properNoun	swe	Sivertsen	properNoun	nor
Sánná	properNoun	swe	Sánná	properNoun	nor
Muller	properNoun	swe	Muller	properNoun	nor
L'Enfants	properNoun	swe	L'Enfants	properNoun	nor
Friestad	properNoun	swe	Friestad	properNoun	nor
Yiyang	properNoun	swe	Yiyang	properNoun	nor
Ulleberg	properNoun	swe	Ulleberg	properNoun	nor
Liikka	properNoun	swe	Liikka	properNoun	nor
Kropsu	properNoun	swe	Kropsu	properNoun	nor
Hirsti	properNoun	swe	Hirsti	properNoun	nor
Luxor	properNoun	swe	Luxor	properNoun	nor
Høvåg	properNoun	swe	Høvåg	properNoun	nor
Piri	properNoun	swe	Piri	properNoun	nor
Bælum	properNoun	swe	Bælum	properNoun	nor
Herdis	properNoun	swe	Herdis	properNoun	nor
Haugsnes	properNoun	swe	Haugsnes	properNoun	nor
Gyl	properNoun	swe	Gyl	properNoun	nor
Puura	properNoun	swe	Puura	properNoun	nor
Fisker	properNoun	swe	Fisker	properNoun	nor
Braskereidfoss	properNoun	swe	Braskereidfoss	properNoun	nor
Bienneroavvi	properNoun	swe	Bienneroavvi	properNoun	nor
Topelius	properNoun	swe	Topelius	properNoun	nor
Mälkönen	properNoun	swe	Mälkönen	properNoun	nor
Felipe	properNoun	swe	Felipe	properNoun	nor
Langevåg	properNoun	swe	Langevåg	properNoun	nor
Henninen	properNoun	swe	Henninen	properNoun	nor
Audesen	properNoun	swe	Audesen	properNoun	nor
Tormod	properNoun	swe	Tormod	properNoun	nor
Kaare	properNoun	swe	Kaare	properNoun	nor
Wiig	properNoun	swe	Wiig	properNoun	nor
Halling	properNoun	swe	Halling	properNoun	nor
Ing-Lill	properNoun	swe	Ing-Lill	properNoun	nor
Olafsen	properNoun	swe	Olafsen	properNoun	nor
Sundli	properNoun	swe	Sundli	properNoun	nor
Egeland	properNoun	swe	Egeland	properNoun	nor
Kaari	properNoun	swe	Kaari	properNoun	nor
Rauhala	properNoun	swe	Rauhala	properNoun	nor
Pelle	properNoun	swe	Pelle	properNoun	nor
Wiik	properNoun	swe	Wiik	properNoun	nor
Hovig	properNoun	swe	Hovig	properNoun	nor
Ingebret	properNoun	swe	Ingebret	properNoun	nor
Øverland	properNoun	swe	Øverland	properNoun	nor
Eestilä	properNoun	swe	Eestilä	properNoun	nor
Jaakko	properNoun	swe	Jaakko	properNoun	nor
Rinnan	properNoun	swe	Rinnan	properNoun	nor
Sinivuori	properNoun	swe	Sinivuori	properNoun	nor
Pelli	properNoun	swe	Pelli	properNoun	nor
Fogg	properNoun	swe	Fogg	properNoun	nor
Skaar	properNoun	swe	Skaar	properNoun	nor
City	properNoun	swe	City	properNoun	nor
Myllärinen	properNoun	swe	Myllärinen	properNoun	nor
Fogh	properNoun	swe	Fogh	properNoun	nor
Oleeraq	properNoun	swe	Oleeraq	properNoun	nor
Skåra	properNoun	swe	Skåra	properNoun	nor
Huopalainen	properNoun	swe	Huopalainen	properNoun	nor
Flatval	properNoun	swe	Flatval	properNoun	nor
Skramstad	properNoun	swe	Skramstad	properNoun	nor
Jokimäki	properNoun	swe	Jokimäki	properNoun	nor
Ihonen	properNoun	swe	Ihonen	properNoun	nor
Bolvik	properNoun	swe	Bolvik	properNoun	nor
Hirvijärvi	properNoun	swe	Hirvijärvi	properNoun	nor
Aukrust	properNoun	swe	Aukrust	properNoun	nor
Bieda	properNoun	swe	Bieda	properNoun	nor
Varangerfjorden	properNoun	swe	Varangerfjorden	properNoun	nor
Hovin	properNoun	swe	Hovin	properNoun	nor
Galloway	properNoun	swe	Galloway	properNoun	nor
Clive	properNoun	swe	Clive	properNoun	nor
Egil	properNoun	swe	Egil	properNoun	nor
Benjaminsson	properNoun	swe	Benjaminsson	properNoun	nor
Vähänen	properNoun	swe	Vähänen	properNoun	nor
Skåre	properNoun	swe	Skåre	properNoun	nor
Lähteenoja	properNoun	swe	Lähteenoja	properNoun	nor
Lud	properNoun	swe	Lud	properNoun	nor
Nauru	properNoun	swe	Nauru	properNoun	nor
Sofe	properNoun	swe	Sofe	properNoun	nor
Venås	properNoun	swe	Venås	properNoun	nor
Kauramäki	properNoun	swe	Kauramäki	properNoun	nor
Hilja	properNoun	swe	Hilja	properNoun	nor
Vahtola	properNoun	swe	Vahtola	properNoun	nor
Loijas	properNoun	swe	Loijas	properNoun	nor
Ihanainen	properNoun	swe	Ihanainen	properNoun	nor
Danbolt	properNoun	swe	Danbolt	properNoun	nor
Hánssariehppi	properNoun	swe	Hánssariehppi	properNoun	nor
Billings	properNoun	swe	Billings	properNoun	nor
Ellinor	properNoun	swe	Ellinor	properNoun	nor
Fredriksson	properNoun	swe	Fredriksson	properNoun	nor
Dee	properNoun	swe	Dee	properNoun	nor
Jones	properNoun	swe	Jones	properNoun	nor
Wilkens	properNoun	swe	Wilkens	properNoun	nor
Lælius	properNoun	swe	Lælius	properNoun	nor
Farmand	properNoun	swe	Farmand	properNoun	nor
Fogt	properNoun	swe	Fogt	properNoun	nor
Bikká	properNoun	swe	Bikká	properNoun	nor
Rinta-aho	properNoun	swe	Rinta-aho	properNoun	nor
Mikalsen	properNoun	swe	Mikalsen	properNoun	nor
Magerøy	properNoun	swe	Magerøy	properNoun	nor
Ingebrigtsen	properNoun	swe	Ingebrigtsen	properNoun	nor
Skadberg	properNoun	swe	Skadberg	properNoun	nor
Karila	properNoun	swe	Karila	properNoun	nor
Minna	properNoun	swe	Minna	properNoun	nor
Vähätalo	properNoun	swe	Vähätalo	properNoun	nor
Heidenreich	properNoun	swe	Heidenreich	properNoun	nor
Cornwall	properNoun	swe	Cornwall	properNoun	nor
de	properNoun	swe	de	properNoun	nor
la	properNoun	swe	la	properNoun	nor
las	properNoun	swe	las	properNoun	nor
los	properNoun	swe	los	properNoun	nor
del	properNoun	swe	del	properNoun	nor
bin	properNoun	swe	bin	properNoun	nor
Pikko	properNoun	swe	Pikko	properNoun	nor
Madison	properNoun	swe	Madison	properNoun	nor
Ánot	properNoun	swe	Ánot	properNoun	nor
Huhtakallio	properNoun	swe	Huhtakallio	properNoun	nor
Den	properNoun	swe	Den	properNoun	nor
Sigrid	properNoun	swe	Sigrid	properNoun	nor
Springsteen	properNoun	swe	Springsteen	properNoun	nor
Mahat	properNoun	swe	Mahat	properNoun	nor
Vuojolainen	properNoun	swe	Vuojolainen	properNoun	nor
Lus	properNoun	swe	Lus	properNoun	nor
Hurtta	properNoun	swe	Hurtta	properNoun	nor
Annfrid	properNoun	swe	Annfrid	properNoun	nor
Tiren	properNoun	swe	Tiren	properNoun	nor
Serge-Lück	properNoun	swe	Serge-Lück	properNoun	nor
Plassen	properNoun	swe	Plassen	properNoun	nor
Hansteen	properNoun	swe	Hansteen	properNoun	nor
Elea	properNoun	swe	Elea	properNoun	nor
Sandli	properNoun	swe	Sandli	properNoun	nor
Hegermann	properNoun	swe	Hegermann	properNoun	nor
Steve	properNoun	swe	Steve	properNoun	nor
Dorothea	properNoun	swe	Dorothea	properNoun	nor
Vakkari	properNoun	swe	Vakkari	properNoun	nor
Márainen	properNoun	swe	Márainen	properNoun	nor
Mowinkel	properNoun	swe	Mowinkel	properNoun	nor
Järvi	properNoun	swe	Järvi	properNoun	nor
Hærem	properNoun	swe	Hærem	properNoun	nor
Brager	properNoun	swe	Brager	properNoun	nor
Trine	properNoun	swe	Trine	properNoun	nor
Hujanen	properNoun	swe	Hujanen	properNoun	nor
Tykkyläinen	properNoun	swe	Tykkyläinen	properNoun	nor
Tronsen	properNoun	swe	Tronsen	properNoun	nor
Eliasjohka	properNoun	swe	Eliasjohka	properNoun	nor
Salberg	properNoun	swe	Salberg	properNoun	nor
Isokoski	properNoun	swe	Isokoski	properNoun	nor
Walin	properNoun	swe	Walin	properNoun	nor
Pederen	properNoun	swe	Pederen	properNoun	nor
Helvik	properNoun	swe	Helvik	properNoun	nor
Brimse	properNoun	swe	Brimse	properNoun	nor
Aasgaard	properNoun	swe	Aasgaard	properNoun	nor
Raassina	properNoun	swe	Raassina	properNoun	nor
Mölkänen	properNoun	swe	Mölkänen	properNoun	nor
Hå	properNoun	swe	Hå	properNoun	nor
Tuvalu	properNoun	swe	Tuvalu	properNoun	nor
Lachmann	properNoun	swe	Lachmann	properNoun	nor
Kinck	properNoun	swe	Kinck	properNoun	nor
Buer	properNoun	swe	Buer	properNoun	nor
Kenkreai	properNoun	swe	Kenkreai	properNoun	nor
Elen	properNoun	swe	Elen	properNoun	nor
Rönty	properNoun	swe	Rönty	properNoun	nor
Habbestad	properNoun	swe	Habbestad	properNoun	nor
Buskerud	properNoun	swe	Buskerud	properNoun	nor
Adolfsen	properNoun	swe	Adolfsen	properNoun	nor
Tharaldson	properNoun	swe	Tharaldson	properNoun	nor
Kolmannskog	properNoun	swe	Kolmannskog	properNoun	nor
Francisco	properNoun	swe	Francisco	properNoun	nor
Gjerdrum	properNoun	swe	Gjerdrum	properNoun	nor
Bellona	properNoun	swe	Bellona	properNoun	nor
Eles	properNoun	swe	Eles	properNoun	nor
Andesfjellene	properNoun	swe	Andesfjellene	properNoun	nor
Teerimäki	properNoun	swe	Teerimäki	properNoun	nor
Prabang	properNoun	swe	Prabang	properNoun	nor
Kreuzberg	properNoun	swe	Kreuzberg	properNoun	nor
Engstrøm	properNoun	swe	Engstrøm	properNoun	nor
Suojanen	properNoun	swe	Suojanen	properNoun	nor
Ukonaho	properNoun	swe	Ukonaho	properNoun	nor
Misje	properNoun	swe	Misje	properNoun	nor
Ian	properNoun	swe	Ian	properNoun	nor
Snekkerhagen	properNoun	swe	Snekkerhagen	properNoun	nor
Pisa	properNoun	swe	Pisa	properNoun	nor
Haukanes	properNoun	swe	Haukanes	properNoun	nor
Khomeini	properNoun	swe	Khomeini	properNoun	nor
Lykling	properNoun	swe	Lykling	properNoun	nor
Juhala	properNoun	swe	Juhala	properNoun	nor
Garcia	properNoun	swe	Garcia	properNoun	nor
Ephesus	properNoun	swe	Ephesus	properNoun	nor
Tannvik	properNoun	swe	Tannvik	properNoun	nor
Helmerson	properNoun	swe	Helmerson	properNoun	nor
Popov	properNoun	swe	Popov	properNoun	nor
Seija	properNoun	swe	Seija	properNoun	nor
Kartago	properNoun	swe	Kartago	properNoun	nor
Skramstadseter	properNoun	swe	Skramstadseter	properNoun	nor
Santander	properNoun	swe	Santander	properNoun	nor
Korpela	properNoun	swe	Korpela	properNoun	nor
Moskenes	properNoun	swe	Moskenes	properNoun	nor
Hasunen	properNoun	swe	Hasunen	properNoun	nor
Kari-Ann	properNoun	swe	Kari-Ann	properNoun	nor
Lygnasæter	properNoun	swe	Lygnasæter	properNoun	nor
Holbæk	properNoun	swe	Holbæk	properNoun	nor
Gladbeck	properNoun	swe	Gladbeck	properNoun	nor
Krimkrigen	properNoun	swe	Krimkrigen	properNoun	nor
Vormisto	properNoun	swe	Vormisto	properNoun	nor
Samdhong	properNoun	swe	Samdhong	properNoun	nor
Puusa	properNoun	swe	Puusa	properNoun	nor
Lábán	properNoun	swe	Lábán	properNoun	nor
Kaasa	properNoun	swe	Kaasa	properNoun	nor
Nordli	properNoun	swe	Nordli	properNoun	nor
Thommesen	properNoun	swe	Thommesen	properNoun	nor
Dick	properNoun	swe	Dick	properNoun	nor
Korshamn	properNoun	swe	Korshamn	properNoun	nor
Vestvik	properNoun	swe	Vestvik	properNoun	nor
Marvel	properNoun	swe	Marvel	properNoun	nor
Valde	properNoun	swe	Valde	properNoun	nor
Springfield	properNoun	swe	Springfield	properNoun	nor
Levinsen	properNoun	swe	Levinsen	properNoun	nor
Iason	properNoun	swe	Iason	properNoun	nor
Kerttula	properNoun	swe	Kerttula	properNoun	nor
Caen	properNoun	swe	Caen	properNoun	nor
Sogstad	properNoun	swe	Sogstad	properNoun	nor
Hyytinen	properNoun	swe	Hyytinen	properNoun	nor
Hjelmbrekke	properNoun	swe	Hjelmbrekke	properNoun	nor
Paco	properNoun	swe	Paco	properNoun	nor
Arkhangelsk	properNoun	swe	Arkhangelsk	properNoun	nor
Nekstad	properNoun	swe	Nekstad	properNoun	nor
Kujansivu	properNoun	swe	Kujansivu	properNoun	nor
Frostisen	properNoun	swe	Frostisen	properNoun	nor
Junne	properNoun	swe	Junne	properNoun	nor
Fauchald	properNoun	swe	Fauchald	properNoun	nor
Støren	properNoun	swe	Støren	properNoun	nor
Rahbæk	properNoun	swe	Rahbæk	properNoun	nor
Kivirinta	properNoun	swe	Kivirinta	properNoun	nor
Junni	properNoun	swe	Junni	properNoun	nor
Ánná	properNoun	swe	Ánná	properNoun	nor
Kopakkala	properNoun	swe	Kopakkala	properNoun	nor
Haaranen	properNoun	swe	Haaranen	properNoun	nor
Dannevig	properNoun	swe	Dannevig	properNoun	nor
Pollan	properNoun	swe	Pollan	properNoun	nor
Kotamäki	properNoun	swe	Kotamäki	properNoun	nor
Pitkäranta	properNoun	swe	Pitkäranta	properNoun	nor
Fieldstad	properNoun	swe	Fieldstad	properNoun	nor
Bergseter	properNoun	swe	Bergseter	properNoun	nor
Munksgaard	properNoun	swe	Munksgaard	properNoun	nor
Hengyang	properNoun	swe	Hengyang	properNoun	nor
Albrigtsson	properNoun	swe	Albrigtsson	properNoun	nor
Tjernslien	properNoun	swe	Tjernslien	properNoun	nor
Sørskår	properNoun	swe	Sørskår	properNoun	nor
Siipola	properNoun	swe	Siipola	properNoun	nor
L'Esprit	properNoun	swe	L'Esprit	properNoun	nor
Darius	properNoun	swe	Darius	properNoun	nor
Katajainen	properNoun	swe	Katajainen	properNoun	nor
Junno	properNoun	swe	Junno	properNoun	nor
Gormsen	properNoun	swe	Gormsen	properNoun	nor
Roskilde	properNoun	swe	Roskilde	properNoun	nor
Aursunden	properNoun	swe	Aursunden	properNoun	nor
Sebulon	properNoun	swe	Sebulon	properNoun	nor
Riestovárri	properNoun	swe	Riestovárri	properNoun	nor
Koivusalo	properNoun	swe	Koivusalo	properNoun	nor
Vihersaari	properNoun	swe	Vihersaari	properNoun	nor
Stone	properNoun	swe	Stone	properNoun	nor
Markusen	properNoun	swe	Markusen	properNoun	nor
Tikkanen	properNoun	swe	Tikkanen	properNoun	nor
Salonsaari	properNoun	swe	Salonsaari	properNoun	nor
Lokkila	properNoun	swe	Lokkila	properNoun	nor
Leväinen	properNoun	swe	Leväinen	properNoun	nor
Kilpijärvi	properNoun	swe	Kilpijärvi	properNoun	nor
Sørøya	properNoun	swe	Sørøya	properNoun	nor
Tolvanen	properNoun	swe	Tolvanen	properNoun	nor
Nokia	properNoun	swe	Nokia	properNoun	nor
Batta	properNoun	swe	Batta	properNoun	nor
Wahlberg	properNoun	swe	Wahlberg	properNoun	nor
Solheim	properNoun	swe	Solheim	properNoun	nor
Horndal	properNoun	swe	Horndal	properNoun	nor
Schau	properNoun	swe	Schau	properNoun	nor
Sogn	properNoun	swe	Sogn	properNoun	nor
Torni	properNoun	swe	Torni	properNoun	nor
Serlachius	properNoun	swe	Serlachius	properNoun	nor
Hakeldaman	properNoun	swe	Hakeldaman	properNoun	nor
Uula	properNoun	swe	Uula	properNoun	nor
Koskelainen	properNoun	swe	Koskelainen	properNoun	nor
Rambøll	properNoun	swe	Rambøll	properNoun	nor
Laulajainen	properNoun	swe	Laulajainen	properNoun	nor
Kohvakka	properNoun	swe	Kohvakka	properNoun	nor
Birthe	properNoun	swe	Birthe	properNoun	nor
Isokallio	properNoun	swe	Isokallio	properNoun	nor
Hung	properNoun	swe	Hung	properNoun	nor
Rintamaa	properNoun	swe	Rintamaa	properNoun	nor
Tuliniemi	properNoun	swe	Tuliniemi	properNoun	nor
Illikainen	properNoun	swe	Illikainen	properNoun	nor
Persdatter	properNoun	swe	Persdatter	properNoun	nor
Heisenberg	properNoun	swe	Heisenberg	properNoun	nor
Fridfelt	properNoun	swe	Fridfelt	properNoun	nor
Fjernsynskjøkkenet	properNoun	swe	Fjernsynskjøkkenet	properNoun	nor
Bruxelles	properNoun	swe	Bruxelles	properNoun	nor
Holst	properNoun	swe	Holst	properNoun	nor
Møinichen	properNoun	swe	Møinichen	properNoun	nor
Åsnes	properNoun	swe	Åsnes	properNoun	nor
Ristenjávri	properNoun	swe	Ristenjávri	properNoun	nor
Gjeruldsen	properNoun	swe	Gjeruldsen	properNoun	nor
Elvegard	properNoun	swe	Elvegard	properNoun	nor
Mehl	properNoun	swe	Mehl	properNoun	nor
Aspelin	properNoun	swe	Aspelin	properNoun	nor
Åmot	properNoun	swe	Åmot	properNoun	nor
Puhakainen	properNoun	swe	Puhakainen	properNoun	nor
Jorulf	properNoun	swe	Jorulf	properNoun	nor
Vinter	properNoun	swe	Vinter	properNoun	nor
Sepp	properNoun	swe	Sepp	properNoun	nor
Torny	properNoun	swe	Torny	properNoun	nor
Reiel	properNoun	swe	Reiel	properNoun	nor
Hyper-Ánde	properNoun	swe	Hyper-Ánde	properNoun	nor
Minos	properNoun	swe	Minos	properNoun	nor
Sophia	properNoun	swe	Sophia	properNoun	nor
Ann-Kristine	properNoun	swe	Ann-Kristine	properNoun	nor
Luang	properNoun	swe	Luang	properNoun	nor
Simen	properNoun	swe	Simen	properNoun	nor
Poppe	properNoun	swe	Poppe	properNoun	nor
Sylte	properNoun	swe	Sylte	properNoun	nor
Herttua	properNoun	swe	Herttua	properNoun	nor
Bandak	properNoun	swe	Bandak	properNoun	nor
L'Anse	properNoun	swe	L'Anse	properNoun	nor
Hurlen	properNoun	swe	Hurlen	properNoun	nor
Sophie	properNoun	swe	Sophie	properNoun	nor
Reier	properNoun	swe	Reier	properNoun	nor
Bremerhaven	properNoun	swe	Bremerhaven	properNoun	nor
NEMKO	properNoun	swe	NEMKO	properNoun	nor
Odd-Arne	properNoun	swe	Odd-Arne	properNoun	nor
Mauno	properNoun	swe	Mauno	properNoun	nor
Petäjämäki	properNoun	swe	Petäjämäki	properNoun	nor
Kindt	properNoun	swe	Kindt	properNoun	nor
Aspaas	properNoun	swe	Aspaas	properNoun	nor
Benita	properNoun	swe	Benita	properNoun	nor
Rogstad	properNoun	swe	Rogstad	properNoun	nor
Pietinen	properNoun	swe	Pietinen	properNoun	nor
Mukka	properNoun	swe	Mukka	properNoun	nor
Jessnes	properNoun	swe	Jessnes	properNoun	nor
Helgelandskysten	properNoun	swe	Helgelandskysten	properNoun	nor
Kjellsson	properNoun	swe	Kjellsson	properNoun	nor
Kennedy	properNoun	swe	Kennedy	properNoun	nor
Gillesen	properNoun	swe	Gillesen	properNoun	nor
Leivsen	properNoun	swe	Leivsen	properNoun	nor
Puukkovárri	properNoun	swe	Puukkovárri	properNoun	nor
Maunu	properNoun	swe	Maunu	properNoun	nor
Kåreson	properNoun	swe	Kåreson	properNoun	nor
Skorsberg	properNoun	swe	Skorsberg	properNoun	nor
Ibn	properNoun	swe	Ibn	properNoun	nor
Glittertind	properNoun	swe	Glittertind	properNoun	nor
Tøllefsen	properNoun	swe	Tøllefsen	properNoun	nor
L'Renouille	properNoun	swe	L'Renouille	properNoun	nor
Garman	properNoun	swe	Garman	properNoun	nor
Soria	properNoun	swe	Soria	properNoun	nor
Kunnari	properNoun	swe	Kunnari	properNoun	nor
Heinonen	properNoun	swe	Heinonen	properNoun	nor
Oxford	properNoun	swe	Oxford	properNoun	nor
Lillienskjold	properNoun	swe	Lillienskjold	properNoun	nor
Folldal	properNoun	swe	Folldal	properNoun	nor
Valkeinen	properNoun	swe	Valkeinen	properNoun	nor
Tuimala	properNoun	swe	Tuimala	properNoun	nor
Máret-Ánne	properNoun	swe	Máret-Ánne	properNoun	nor
Torsken	properNoun	swe	Torsken	properNoun	nor
Tulonen	properNoun	swe	Tulonen	properNoun	nor
Japan	properNoun	swe	Japan	properNoun	nor
Vilonen	properNoun	swe	Vilonen	properNoun	nor
Gjønnes	properNoun	swe	Gjønnes	properNoun	nor
Hanna	properNoun	swe	Hanna	properNoun	nor
Santanen	properNoun	swe	Santanen	properNoun	nor
Beitstad	properNoun	swe	Beitstad	properNoun	nor
Fjøsanger	properNoun	swe	Fjøsanger	properNoun	nor
Happonen	properNoun	swe	Happonen	properNoun	nor
Hanninen	properNoun	swe	Hanninen	properNoun	nor
Käkelä	properNoun	swe	Käkelä	properNoun	nor
Kakko	properNoun	swe	Kakko	properNoun	nor
Grindheim	properNoun	swe	Grindheim	properNoun	nor
Mehujael	properNoun	swe	Mehujael	properNoun	nor
Hanne	properNoun	swe	Hanne	properNoun	nor
Lappland	properNoun	swe	Lappland	properNoun	nor
Urpilainen	properNoun	swe	Urpilainen	properNoun	nor
Kokkila	properNoun	swe	Kokkila	properNoun	nor
Áboája	properNoun	swe	Áboája	properNoun	nor
Jill	properNoun	swe	Jill	properNoun	nor
Klasila	properNoun	swe	Klasila	properNoun	nor
Tronnsson	properNoun	swe	Tronnsson	properNoun	nor
Skogrand	properNoun	swe	Skogrand	properNoun	nor
Hanni	properNoun	swe	Hanni	properNoun	nor
Hemmogiettenjárga	properNoun	swe	Hemmogiettenjárga	properNoun	nor
Israel	properNoun	swe	Israel	properNoun	nor
Levänen	properNoun	swe	Levänen	properNoun	nor
Valo	properNoun	swe	Valo	properNoun	nor
Grenland	properNoun	swe	Grenland	properNoun	nor
Kipinoinen	properNoun	swe	Kipinoinen	properNoun	nor
Sandefjord	properNoun	swe	Sandefjord	properNoun	nor
Balaton	properNoun	swe	Balaton	properNoun	nor
Vognil	properNoun	swe	Vognil	properNoun	nor
Jumppanen	properNoun	swe	Jumppanen	properNoun	nor
Vesta	properNoun	swe	Vesta	properNoun	nor
Seppäläinen	properNoun	swe	Seppäläinen	properNoun	nor
Aarnipuro	properNoun	swe	Aarnipuro	properNoun	nor
Kalvøyfestivalen	properNoun	swe	Kalvøyfestivalen	properNoun	nor
Hanno	properNoun	swe	Hanno	properNoun	nor
Olympas	properNoun	swe	Olympas	properNoun	nor
Østerbøl	properNoun	swe	Østerbøl	properNoun	nor
Toivio	properNoun	swe	Toivio	properNoun	nor
Valen	properNoun	swe	Valen	properNoun	nor
Piltonen	properNoun	swe	Piltonen	properNoun	nor
Haukur	properNoun	swe	Haukur	properNoun	nor
Kettunen	properNoun	swe	Kettunen	properNoun	nor
Gardell	properNoun	swe	Gardell	properNoun	nor
Espersen	properNoun	swe	Espersen	properNoun	nor
Bredtveit	properNoun	swe	Bredtveit	properNoun	nor
Andresson	properNoun	swe	Andresson	properNoun	nor
Lord	properNoun	swe	Lord	properNoun	nor
Langenfeld	properNoun	swe	Langenfeld	properNoun	nor
Hannu	properNoun	swe	Hannu	properNoun	nor
Botolv	properNoun	swe	Botolv	properNoun	nor
Eidsvik	properNoun	swe	Eidsvik	properNoun	nor
Holta	properNoun	swe	Holta	properNoun	nor
Drecker	properNoun	swe	Drecker	properNoun	nor
Fjeld	properNoun	swe	Fjeld	properNoun	nor
Pukari	properNoun	swe	Pukari	properNoun	nor
Kåven	properNoun	swe	Kåven	properNoun	nor
Gerherd	properNoun	swe	Gerherd	properNoun	nor
Ebbesen	properNoun	swe	Ebbesen	properNoun	nor
Crosby	properNoun	swe	Crosby	properNoun	nor
Hanny	properNoun	swe	Hanny	properNoun	nor
Didriksen	properNoun	swe	Didriksen	properNoun	nor
Gregerson	properNoun	swe	Gregerson	properNoun	nor
Kimari	properNoun	swe	Kimari	properNoun	nor
Pierra	properNoun	swe	Pierra	properNoun	nor
Vestertana	properNoun	swe	Vestertana	properNoun	nor
Maylen	properNoun	swe	Maylen	properNoun	nor
Kyros	properNoun	swe	Kyros	properNoun	nor
Assens	properNoun	swe	Assens	properNoun	nor
Hemmo	properNoun	swe	Hemmo	properNoun	nor
Altafjorden	properNoun	swe	Altafjorden	properNoun	nor
Tucson	properNoun	swe	Tucson	properNoun	nor
Lowzow	properNoun	swe	Lowzow	properNoun	nor
Lise-Lotte	properNoun	swe	Lise-Lotte	properNoun	nor
Holte	properNoun	swe	Holte	properNoun	nor
Bertheusen	properNoun	swe	Bertheusen	properNoun	nor
Hille	properNoun	swe	Hille	properNoun	nor
Elbjørg	properNoun	swe	Elbjørg	properNoun	nor
Pierre	properNoun	swe	Pierre	properNoun	nor
Madsen	properNoun	swe	Madsen	properNoun	nor
Holth	properNoun	swe	Holth	properNoun	nor
Bendsen	properNoun	swe	Bendsen	properNoun	nor
Anastasia	properNoun	swe	Anastasia	properNoun	nor
Fjell	properNoun	swe	Fjell	properNoun	nor
Sohn	properNoun	swe	Sohn	properNoun	nor
Hilli	properNoun	swe	Hilli	properNoun	nor
Karina	properNoun	swe	Karina	properNoun	nor
Åberg	properNoun	swe	Åberg	properNoun	nor
Toroi	properNoun	swe	Toroi	properNoun	nor
Saarelma	properNoun	swe	Saarelma	properNoun	nor
Rumbin	properNoun	swe	Rumbin	properNoun	nor
Sanner	properNoun	swe	Sanner	properNoun	nor
Panttila	properNoun	swe	Panttila	properNoun	nor
Sannes	properNoun	swe	Sannes	properNoun	nor
Kristenson	properNoun	swe	Kristenson	properNoun	nor
Legreid	properNoun	swe	Legreid	properNoun	nor
Kylmäluoma	properNoun	swe	Kylmäluoma	properNoun	nor
Karine	properNoun	swe	Karine	properNoun	nor
Stoor	properNoun	swe	Stoor	properNoun	nor
Jaakola	properNoun	swe	Jaakola	properNoun	nor
Hillo	properNoun	swe	Hillo	properNoun	nor
Godfred	properNoun	swe	Godfred	properNoun	nor
Santalistan	properNoun	swe	Santalistan	properNoun	nor
Aurelius	properNoun	swe	Aurelius	properNoun	nor
Hánnojohka	properNoun	swe	Hánnojohka	properNoun	nor
Managua	properNoun	swe	Managua	properNoun	nor
Myllymäki	properNoun	swe	Myllymäki	properNoun	nor
Antonius	properNoun	swe	Antonius	properNoun	nor
Tellus	properNoun	swe	Tellus	properNoun	nor
Lilleås	properNoun	swe	Lilleås	properNoun	nor
Hills	properNoun	swe	Hills	properNoun	nor
Kloe	properNoun	swe	Kloe	properNoun	nor
Kiviniitty	properNoun	swe	Kiviniitty	properNoun	nor
Golnes	properNoun	swe	Golnes	properNoun	nor
Virsu	properNoun	swe	Virsu	properNoun	nor
Røyset	properNoun	swe	Røyset	properNoun	nor
Nylander	properNoun	swe	Nylander	properNoun	nor
Louhivaara	properNoun	swe	Louhivaara	properNoun	nor
Beahcebuolža	properNoun	swe	Beahcebuolža	properNoun	nor
Pitkäaho	properNoun	swe	Pitkäaho	properNoun	nor
Koskimäki	properNoun	swe	Koskimäki	properNoun	nor
Honkala	properNoun	swe	Honkala	properNoun	nor
Sámmolvárri	properNoun	swe	Sámmolvárri	properNoun	nor
Forest	properNoun	swe	Forest	properNoun	nor
Amin	properNoun	swe	Amin	properNoun	nor
Nøste	properNoun	swe	Nøste	properNoun	nor
Hilly	properNoun	swe	Hilly	properNoun	nor
Volkov	properNoun	swe	Volkov	properNoun	nor
Sulonen	properNoun	swe	Sulonen	properNoun	nor
Baden-Württemberg	properNoun	swe	Baden-Württemberg	properNoun	nor
Eidshaug	properNoun	swe	Eidshaug	properNoun	nor
Spjelkavik	properNoun	swe	Spjelkavik	properNoun	nor
Vuorisalo	properNoun	swe	Vuorisalo	properNoun	nor
Therkildsen	properNoun	swe	Therkildsen	properNoun	nor
Saalasti	properNoun	swe	Saalasti	properNoun	nor
Saarikko	properNoun	swe	Saarikko	properNoun	nor
Fiskvik	properNoun	swe	Fiskvik	properNoun	nor
Løkken	properNoun	swe	Løkken	properNoun	nor
Bugt	properNoun	swe	Bugt	properNoun	nor
Lovraeid	properNoun	swe	Lovraeid	properNoun	nor
Kayseri	properNoun	swe	Kayseri	properNoun	nor
Anstein	properNoun	swe	Anstein	properNoun	nor
Abidjan	properNoun	swe	Abidjan	properNoun	nor
Herdla	properNoun	swe	Herdla	properNoun	nor
Alanko	properNoun	swe	Alanko	properNoun	nor
Kreml	properNoun	swe	Kreml	properNoun	nor
Tipping	properNoun	swe	Tipping	properNoun	nor
Løkker	properNoun	swe	Løkker	properNoun	nor
Veikko	properNoun	swe	Veikko	properNoun	nor
Midttun	properNoun	swe	Midttun	properNoun	nor
Fluberg	properNoun	swe	Fluberg	properNoun	nor
Tihveräinen	properNoun	swe	Tihveräinen	properNoun	nor
Hellevaara	properNoun	swe	Hellevaara	properNoun	nor
Brecker	properNoun	swe	Brecker	properNoun	nor
Kines	properNoun	swe	Kines	properNoun	nor
Adelheid	properNoun	swe	Adelheid	properNoun	nor
Nerhus	properNoun	swe	Nerhus	properNoun	nor
Agabos	properNoun	swe	Agabos	properNoun	nor
Torvaldsson	properNoun	swe	Torvaldsson	properNoun	nor
Tarkkanen	properNoun	swe	Tarkkanen	properNoun	nor
Pipin	properNoun	swe	Pipin	properNoun	nor
Katharina	properNoun	swe	Katharina	properNoun	nor
Eufrat	properNoun	swe	Eufrat	properNoun	nor
Syden	properNoun	swe	Syden	properNoun	nor
Ravnestad	properNoun	swe	Ravnestad	properNoun	nor
Gjern	properNoun	swe	Gjern	properNoun	nor
Ristenjohka	properNoun	swe	Ristenjohka	properNoun	nor
Mayfield	properNoun	swe	Mayfield	properNoun	nor
Hernesniemi	properNoun	swe	Hernesniemi	properNoun	nor
Samuelssen	properNoun	swe	Samuelssen	properNoun	nor
Engvik	properNoun	swe	Engvik	properNoun	nor
Thoen	properNoun	swe	Thoen	properNoun	nor
Oskarsson	properNoun	swe	Oskarsson	properNoun	nor
Nyrönen	properNoun	swe	Nyrönen	properNoun	nor
Hedlund	properNoun	swe	Hedlund	properNoun	nor
Lindfors	properNoun	swe	Lindfors	properNoun	nor
Gravem	properNoun	swe	Gravem	properNoun	nor
Foochow	properNoun	swe	Foochow	properNoun	nor
Skammestein	properNoun	swe	Skammestein	properNoun	nor
Graven	properNoun	swe	Graven	properNoun	nor
Claussen	properNoun	swe	Claussen	properNoun	nor
Gjert	properNoun	swe	Gjert	properNoun	nor
FOU	properNoun	swe	FOU	properNoun	nor
Zander	properNoun	swe	Zander	properNoun	nor
Taiminen	properNoun	swe	Taiminen	properNoun	nor
Nuopponen	properNoun	swe	Nuopponen	properNoun	nor
Nornes	properNoun	swe	Nornes	properNoun	nor
Bremseth	properNoun	swe	Bremseth	properNoun	nor
Black	properNoun	swe	Black	properNoun	nor
Ferguson	properNoun	swe	Ferguson	properNoun	nor
Sollien	properNoun	swe	Sollien	properNoun	nor
Gavrilov	properNoun	swe	Gavrilov	properNoun	nor
Graver	properNoun	swe	Graver	properNoun	nor
Coucheron	properNoun	swe	Coucheron	properNoun	nor
Tenhunen	properNoun	swe	Tenhunen	properNoun	nor
Päivi	properNoun	swe	Päivi	properNoun	nor
Accra	properNoun	swe	Accra	properNoun	nor
Harlem	properNoun	swe	Harlem	properNoun	nor
Andersdatter	properNoun	swe	Andersdatter	properNoun	nor
Juhani	properNoun	swe	Juhani	properNoun	nor
Nurmela	properNoun	swe	Nurmela	properNoun	nor
Kaarela	properNoun	swe	Kaarela	properNoun	nor
Kopperstad	properNoun	swe	Kopperstad	properNoun	nor
Arentz-Hansen	properNoun	swe	Arentz-Hansen	properNoun	nor
Enden	properNoun	swe	Enden	properNoun	nor
Axminster	properNoun	swe	Axminster	properNoun	nor
Vuohtoniemi	properNoun	swe	Vuohtoniemi	properNoun	nor
Diem	properNoun	swe	Diem	properNoun	nor
Káhtarin	properNoun	swe	Káhtarin	properNoun	nor
Hanoi	properNoun	swe	Hanoi	properNoun	nor
Kortejärvi	properNoun	swe	Kortejärvi	properNoun	nor
Kehusmaa	properNoun	swe	Kehusmaa	properNoun	nor
Franzen	properNoun	swe	Franzen	properNoun	nor
Gerda	properNoun	swe	Gerda	properNoun	nor
Ulriksson	properNoun	swe	Ulriksson	properNoun	nor
Ylikojola	properNoun	swe	Ylikojola	properNoun	nor
Hanok	properNoun	swe	Hanok	properNoun	nor
Avikainen	properNoun	swe	Avikainen	properNoun	nor
Wilh	properNoun	swe	Wilh	properNoun	nor
Istanbul	properNoun	swe	Istanbul	properNoun	nor
Thomsen	properNoun	swe	Thomsen	properNoun	nor
Kråkstad	properNoun	swe	Kråkstad	properNoun	nor
Partala	properNoun	swe	Partala	properNoun	nor
Ollilainen	properNoun	swe	Ollilainen	properNoun	nor
Juntevađđa	properNoun	swe	Juntevađđa	properNoun	nor
Berdalseken	properNoun	swe	Berdalseken	properNoun	nor
Pius	properNoun	swe	Pius	properNoun	nor
Harlev	properNoun	swe	Harlev	properNoun	nor
Farida	properNoun	swe	Farida	properNoun	nor
Taavila	properNoun	swe	Taavila	properNoun	nor
Will	properNoun	swe	Will	properNoun	nor
Linko	properNoun	swe	Linko	properNoun	nor
Laitonen	properNoun	swe	Laitonen	properNoun	nor
Doorn	properNoun	swe	Doorn	properNoun	nor
Brubak	properNoun	swe	Brubak	properNoun	nor
Hemne	properNoun	swe	Hemne	properNoun	nor
Harley	properNoun	swe	Harley	properNoun	nor
Thygesen	properNoun	swe	Thygesen	properNoun	nor
Ilseng	properNoun	swe	Ilseng	properNoun	nor
Repvåg	properNoun	swe	Repvåg	properNoun	nor
Henrikke	properNoun	swe	Henrikke	properNoun	nor
Villumsen	properNoun	swe	Villumsen	properNoun	nor
Poutala	properNoun	swe	Poutala	properNoun	nor
Nakling	properNoun	swe	Nakling	properNoun	nor
Börje	properNoun	swe	Börje	properNoun	nor
Moab	properNoun	swe	Moab	properNoun	nor
Lethe	properNoun	swe	Lethe	properNoun	nor
Ándarasvárri	properNoun	swe	Ándarasvárri	properNoun	nor
Europaparlamentet	properNoun	swe	Europaparlamentet	properNoun	nor
Vest-Afrika	properNoun	swe	Vest-Afrika	properNoun	nor
Ellejohka	properNoun	swe	Ellejohka	properNoun	nor
Stiansen	properNoun	swe	Stiansen	properNoun	nor
Virta	properNoun	swe	Virta	properNoun	nor
Kvasshaug	properNoun	swe	Kvasshaug	properNoun	nor
Hilma	properNoun	swe	Hilma	properNoun	nor
Kinnari	properNoun	swe	Kinnari	properNoun	nor
Haapiainen	properNoun	swe	Haapiainen	properNoun	nor
Torpa	properNoun	swe	Torpa	properNoun	nor
Simanainen	properNoun	swe	Simanainen	properNoun	nor
Kromann	properNoun	swe	Kromann	properNoun	nor
Hollander	properNoun	swe	Hollander	properNoun	nor
Gaino	properNoun	swe	Gaino	properNoun	nor
Alina	properNoun	swe	Alina	properNoun	nor
Eindhoven	properNoun	swe	Eindhoven	properNoun	nor
Reksten	properNoun	swe	Reksten	properNoun	nor
Losoa	properNoun	swe	Losoa	properNoun	nor
Fadme	properNoun	swe	Fadme	properNoun	nor
Institute	properNoun	swe	Institute	properNoun	nor
Nokka	properNoun	swe	Nokka	properNoun	nor
Markkanen	properNoun	swe	Markkanen	properNoun	nor
Kofoed	properNoun	swe	Kofoed	properNoun	nor
Ecktell	properNoun	swe	Ecktell	properNoun	nor
Aline	properNoun	swe	Aline	properNoun	nor
Brighton	properNoun	swe	Brighton	properNoun	nor
Parma	properNoun	swe	Parma	properNoun	nor
Høynes	properNoun	swe	Høynes	properNoun	nor
Glatved	properNoun	swe	Glatved	properNoun	nor
Rávdná	properNoun	swe	Rávdná	properNoun	nor
Moan	properNoun	swe	Moan	properNoun	nor
Kemppainen	properNoun	swe	Kemppainen	properNoun	nor
Dalholt	properNoun	swe	Dalholt	properNoun	nor
Vesuv	properNoun	swe	Vesuv	properNoun	nor
Ingebretsen	properNoun	swe	Ingebretsen	properNoun	nor
Tuohimaa	properNoun	swe	Tuohimaa	properNoun	nor
Sera	properNoun	swe	Sera	properNoun	nor
Filemon	properNoun	swe	Filemon	properNoun	nor
Lisbet	properNoun	swe	Lisbet	properNoun	nor
Askeland	properNoun	swe	Askeland	properNoun	nor
Nissi	properNoun	swe	Nissi	properNoun	nor
Loss	properNoun	swe	Loss	properNoun	nor
Huovila	properNoun	swe	Huovila	properNoun	nor
Gunner	properNoun	swe	Gunner	properNoun	nor
Nordsjø-området	properNoun	swe	Nordsjø-området	properNoun	nor
Holum	properNoun	swe	Holum	properNoun	nor
Skarpe	properNoun	swe	Skarpe	properNoun	nor
Gunnes	properNoun	swe	Gunnes	properNoun	nor
Vainio	properNoun	swe	Vainio	properNoun	nor
Pildaš	properNoun	swe	Pildaš	properNoun	nor
Jannicke	properNoun	swe	Jannicke	properNoun	nor
Haapa-aho	properNoun	swe	Haapa-aho	properNoun	nor
Clair	properNoun	swe	Clair	properNoun	nor
Walle	properNoun	swe	Walle	properNoun	nor
Peltopära	properNoun	swe	Peltopära	properNoun	nor
Honkonen	properNoun	swe	Honkonen	properNoun	nor
Aanensen	properNoun	swe	Aanensen	properNoun	nor
Astrid	properNoun	swe	Astrid	properNoun	nor
Torpo	properNoun	swe	Torpo	properNoun	nor
Fuglsang	properNoun	swe	Fuglsang	properNoun	nor
Saitton	properNoun	swe	Saitton	properNoun	nor
Ragnhild	properNoun	swe	Ragnhild	properNoun	nor
Pelttari	properNoun	swe	Pelttari	properNoun	nor
Kuukkanen	properNoun	swe	Kuukkanen	properNoun	nor
Tianjin	properNoun	swe	Tianjin	properNoun	nor
Holttinen	properNoun	swe	Holttinen	properNoun	nor
Vatneleiren	properNoun	swe	Vatneleiren	properNoun	nor
Fulehuk	properNoun	swe	Fulehuk	properNoun	nor
Longyearbyen	properNoun	swe	Longyearbyen	properNoun	nor
Länsimäki	properNoun	swe	Länsimäki	properNoun	nor
Buhl	properNoun	swe	Buhl	properNoun	nor
Kroer	properNoun	swe	Kroer	properNoun	nor
Bergquist	properNoun	swe	Bergquist	properNoun	nor
Timbuktu	properNoun	swe	Timbuktu	properNoun	nor
Saulus	properNoun	swe	Saulus	properNoun	nor
Pihlava	properNoun	swe	Pihlava	properNoun	nor
Ánttá-Máhtte	properNoun	swe	Ánttá-Máhtte	properNoun	nor
Ida	properNoun	swe	Ida	properNoun	nor
Haiti	properNoun	swe	Haiti	properNoun	nor
Jergol	properNoun	swe	Jergol	properNoun	nor
Piiparinen	properNoun	swe	Piiparinen	properNoun	nor
Kaattari	properNoun	swe	Kaattari	properNoun	nor
Roaldsson	properNoun	swe	Roaldsson	properNoun	nor
Råvaneset	properNoun	swe	Råvaneset	properNoun	nor
Jyrkinen	properNoun	swe	Jyrkinen	properNoun	nor
Jerpstad	properNoun	swe	Jerpstad	properNoun	nor
Gauguin	properNoun	swe	Gauguin	properNoun	nor
Bratte	properNoun	swe	Bratte	properNoun	nor
Skoplje	properNoun	swe	Skoplje	properNoun	nor
Väntsi	properNoun	swe	Väntsi	properNoun	nor
Szabó	properNoun	swe	Szabó	properNoun	nor
Kaskela	properNoun	swe	Kaskela	properNoun	nor
Getsemane	properNoun	swe	Getsemane	properNoun	nor
Linnanen	properNoun	swe	Linnanen	properNoun	nor
Jorunn	properNoun	swe	Jorunn	properNoun	nor
Folkvord	properNoun	swe	Folkvord	properNoun	nor
Sylvi	properNoun	swe	Sylvi	properNoun	nor
Sandoz	properNoun	swe	Sandoz	properNoun	nor
Duomás	properNoun	swe	Duomás	properNoun	nor
Keskinen	properNoun	swe	Keskinen	properNoun	nor
Juusti	properNoun	swe	Juusti	properNoun	nor
Eidissen	properNoun	swe	Eidissen	properNoun	nor
Brøgger	properNoun	swe	Brøgger	properNoun	nor
Wally	properNoun	swe	Wally	properNoun	nor
Abela	properNoun	swe	Abela	properNoun	nor
Tjeldsund	properNoun	swe	Tjeldsund	properNoun	nor
Aquitaine	properNoun	swe	Aquitaine	properNoun	nor
GATT	properNoun	swe	GATT	properNoun	nor
Sten	properNoun	swe	Sten	properNoun	nor
Dijon	properNoun	swe	Dijon	properNoun	nor
Beker	properNoun	swe	Beker	properNoun	nor
Ahvonen	properNoun	swe	Ahvonen	properNoun	nor
Serigstad	properNoun	swe	Serigstad	properNoun	nor
Metsävainio	properNoun	swe	Metsävainio	properNoun	nor
Einstein	properNoun	swe	Einstein	properNoun	nor
Koskimies	properNoun	swe	Koskimies	properNoun	nor
Hietalahti	properNoun	swe	Hietalahti	properNoun	nor
Saskatchewan	properNoun	swe	Saskatchewan	properNoun	nor
Vidaro	properNoun	swe	Vidaro	properNoun	nor
Hellum	properNoun	swe	Hellum	properNoun	nor
Varanger	properNoun	swe	Varanger	properNoun	nor
Korvenranta	properNoun	swe	Korvenranta	properNoun	nor
Falkenfleth	properNoun	swe	Falkenfleth	properNoun	nor
Arnlaug	properNoun	swe	Arnlaug	properNoun	nor
Margun	properNoun	swe	Margun	properNoun	nor
Huron-sjøen	properNoun	swe	Huron-sjøen	properNoun	nor
Viitanen	properNoun	swe	Viitanen	properNoun	nor
Nixon	properNoun	swe	Nixon	properNoun	nor
Morell	properNoun	swe	Morell	properNoun	nor
Svennsen	properNoun	swe	Svennsen	properNoun	nor
Tangnes	properNoun	swe	Tangnes	properNoun	nor
Anatoly	properNoun	swe	Anatoly	properNoun	nor
Kripos	properNoun	swe	Kripos	properNoun	nor
Vang	properNoun	swe	Vang	properNoun	nor
Kensington	properNoun	swe	Kensington	properNoun	nor
Mukká-Jává	properNoun	swe	Mukká-Jává	properNoun	nor
Fjellström	properNoun	swe	Fjellström	properNoun	nor
Kirsten	properNoun	swe	Kirsten	properNoun	nor
Schielderup	properNoun	swe	Schielderup	properNoun	nor
Heikurainen	properNoun	swe	Heikurainen	properNoun	nor
Kortelahti	properNoun	swe	Kortelahti	properNoun	nor
Svenning	properNoun	swe	Svenning	properNoun	nor
Launes	properNoun	swe	Launes	properNoun	nor
Afanasjeva	properNoun	swe	Afanasjeva	properNoun	nor
Nordseter	properNoun	swe	Nordseter	properNoun	nor
Grønnli	properNoun	swe	Grønnli	properNoun	nor
Taarnesvik	properNoun	swe	Taarnesvik	properNoun	nor
Thue	properNoun	swe	Thue	properNoun	nor
Eikeren	properNoun	swe	Eikeren	properNoun	nor
Beahcevárri	properNoun	swe	Beahcevárri	properNoun	nor
Singstad	properNoun	swe	Singstad	properNoun	nor
Puutio	properNoun	swe	Puutio	properNoun	nor
Harboe	properNoun	swe	Harboe	properNoun	nor
David	properNoun	swe	David	properNoun	nor
Jussinniemi	properNoun	swe	Jussinniemi	properNoun	nor
Anton	properNoun	swe	Anton	properNoun	nor
Togliatti	properNoun	swe	Togliatti	properNoun	nor
Kongsvinger	properNoun	swe	Kongsvinger	properNoun	nor
Blitz	properNoun	swe	Blitz	properNoun	nor
Ørsjømyr	properNoun	swe	Ørsjømyr	properNoun	nor
Amdal	properNoun	swe	Amdal	properNoun	nor
Ronimus	properNoun	swe	Ronimus	properNoun	nor
Mathiesen	properNoun	swe	Mathiesen	properNoun	nor
Connie	properNoun	swe	Connie	properNoun	nor
Rugaš	properNoun	swe	Rugaš	properNoun	nor
Kortetjärvi	properNoun	swe	Kortetjärvi	properNoun	nor
Ánddeš-Bier-johka	properNoun	swe	Ánddeš-Bier-johka	properNoun	nor
Manndal	properNoun	swe	Manndal	properNoun	nor
Keituri	properNoun	swe	Keituri	properNoun	nor
Følle	properNoun	swe	Følle	properNoun	nor
Davik	properNoun	swe	Davik	properNoun	nor
Trollfjorden	properNoun	swe	Trollfjorden	properNoun	nor
Kylmälä	properNoun	swe	Kylmälä	properNoun	nor
Pasonen	properNoun	swe	Pasonen	properNoun	nor
Nikunen	properNoun	swe	Nikunen	properNoun	nor
Lote	properNoun	swe	Lote	properNoun	nor
Kylmämaa	properNoun	swe	Kylmämaa	properNoun	nor
Ullvang	properNoun	swe	Ullvang	properNoun	nor
Iqbal	properNoun	swe	Iqbal	properNoun	nor
Pärson	properNoun	swe	Pärson	properNoun	nor
Dyblie	properNoun	swe	Dyblie	properNoun	nor
Agrippa	properNoun	swe	Agrippa	properNoun	nor
Øksfjord	properNoun	swe	Øksfjord	properNoun	nor
Sofiemyr	properNoun	swe	Sofiemyr	properNoun	nor
Puustinen	properNoun	swe	Puustinen	properNoun	nor
Lye	properNoun	swe	Lye	properNoun	nor
Autioniemi	properNoun	swe	Autioniemi	properNoun	nor
Eleasar	properNoun	swe	Eleasar	properNoun	nor
Marjomäki	properNoun	swe	Marjomäki	properNoun	nor
Bamberg	properNoun	swe	Bamberg	properNoun	nor
Tellefsen	properNoun	swe	Tellefsen	properNoun	nor
Jentoft	properNoun	swe	Jentoft	properNoun	nor
Davis	properNoun	swe	Davis	properNoun	nor
Borneo	properNoun	swe	Borneo	properNoun	nor
Mannheim	properNoun	swe	Mannheim	properNoun	nor
AUF	properNoun	swe	AUF	properNoun	nor
Kåresson	properNoun	swe	Kåresson	properNoun	nor
Bølisåter	properNoun	swe	Bølisåter	properNoun	nor
York	properNoun	swe	York	properNoun	nor
Stigen	properNoun	swe	Stigen	properNoun	nor
Forchhammer	properNoun	swe	Forchhammer	properNoun	nor
Ánnágurra	properNoun	swe	Ánnágurra	properNoun	nor
Christoffersson	properNoun	swe	Christoffersson	properNoun	nor
Nordhue	properNoun	swe	Nordhue	properNoun	nor
Sunila	properNoun	swe	Sunila	properNoun	nor
Kopaas	properNoun	swe	Kopaas	properNoun	nor
Egill	properNoun	swe	Egill	properNoun	nor
Kreditkassen	properNoun	swe	Kreditkassen	properNoun	nor
Pikol	properNoun	swe	Pikol	properNoun	nor
Mogstad	properNoun	swe	Mogstad	properNoun	nor
AUL	properNoun	swe	AUL	properNoun	nor
Pyhtilä	properNoun	swe	Pyhtilä	properNoun	nor
Elihud	properNoun	swe	Elihud	properNoun	nor
Isabell	properNoun	swe	Isabell	properNoun	nor
Arnolda	properNoun	swe	Arnolda	properNoun	nor
Lott	properNoun	swe	Lott	properNoun	nor
Lehtolainen	properNoun	swe	Lehtolainen	properNoun	nor
Heikkinen	properNoun	swe	Heikkinen	properNoun	nor
Throndson	properNoun	swe	Throndson	properNoun	nor
Toijonen	properNoun	swe	Toijonen	properNoun	nor
Klepsvik	properNoun	swe	Klepsvik	properNoun	nor
Tiril	properNoun	swe	Tiril	properNoun	nor
Oikari	properNoun	swe	Oikari	properNoun	nor
Elia	properNoun	swe	Elia	properNoun	nor
Landås	properNoun	swe	Landås	properNoun	nor
Junnonaho	properNoun	swe	Junnonaho	properNoun	nor
Arvedávgi	properNoun	swe	Arvedávgi	properNoun	nor
Helsingør	properNoun	swe	Helsingør	properNoun	nor
Heitman	properNoun	swe	Heitman	properNoun	nor
Torkjell	properNoun	swe	Torkjell	properNoun	nor
Josef	properNoun	swe	Josef	properNoun	nor
Bagner	properNoun	swe	Bagner	properNoun	nor
Arnoldi	properNoun	swe	Arnoldi	properNoun	nor
Ahola	properNoun	swe	Ahola	properNoun	nor
Nordhus	properNoun	swe	Nordhus	properNoun	nor
Rønnaug	properNoun	swe	Rønnaug	properNoun	nor
Ånonsen	properNoun	swe	Ånonsen	properNoun	nor
Lhasa	properNoun	swe	Lhasa	properNoun	nor
Hereford	properNoun	swe	Hereford	properNoun	nor
Aurstad	properNoun	swe	Aurstad	properNoun	nor
Schwäbisch	properNoun	swe	Schwäbisch	properNoun	nor
Hertzberg	properNoun	swe	Hertzberg	properNoun	nor
Sifjon	properNoun	swe	Sifjon	properNoun	nor
Josek	properNoun	swe	Josek	properNoun	nor
Kvernaland	properNoun	swe	Kvernaland	properNoun	nor
Peterson	properNoun	swe	Peterson	properNoun	nor
Kaijanen	properNoun	swe	Kaijanen	properNoun	nor
Jyrki	properNoun	swe	Jyrki	properNoun	nor
Lysaker	properNoun	swe	Lysaker	properNoun	nor
Vagle	properNoun	swe	Vagle	properNoun	nor
Birte	properNoun	swe	Birte	properNoun	nor
Benedicte	properNoun	swe	Benedicte	properNoun	nor
Häkämies	properNoun	swe	Häkämies	properNoun	nor
Bransfjell	properNoun	swe	Bransfjell	properNoun	nor
Elim	properNoun	swe	Elim	properNoun	nor
Vinterbru	properNoun	swe	Vinterbru	properNoun	nor
Elin	properNoun	swe	Elin	properNoun	nor
Holmbergjávri	properNoun	swe	Holmbergjávri	properNoun	nor
Møhlenpris	properNoun	swe	Møhlenpris	properNoun	nor
Tretten	properNoun	swe	Tretten	properNoun	nor
Kingo	properNoun	swe	Kingo	properNoun	nor
Gjertson	properNoun	swe	Gjertson	properNoun	nor
Lundkvist	properNoun	swe	Lundkvist	properNoun	nor
Øglænd	properNoun	swe	Øglænd	properNoun	nor
Netland	properNoun	swe	Netland	properNoun	nor
Helseth	properNoun	swe	Helseth	properNoun	nor
Lampio	properNoun	swe	Lampio	properNoun	nor
Iidda	properNoun	swe	Iidda	properNoun	nor
Hernes	properNoun	swe	Hernes	properNoun	nor
Ruokolainen	properNoun	swe	Ruokolainen	properNoun	nor
TASS	properNoun	swe	TASS	properNoun	nor
Sanila	properNoun	swe	Sanila	properNoun	nor
Qum	properNoun	swe	Qum	properNoun	nor
Aarskog	properNoun	swe	Aarskog	properNoun	nor
gamlestua	properNoun	swe	gamlestua	properNoun	nor
Hosanger	properNoun	swe	Hosanger	properNoun	nor
Olsson	properNoun	swe	Olsson	properNoun	nor
Høyem	properNoun	swe	Høyem	properNoun	nor
Wigand	properNoun	swe	Wigand	properNoun	nor
Rudbjerggaard	properNoun	swe	Rudbjerggaard	properNoun	nor
Kristianstad	properNoun	swe	Kristianstad	properNoun	nor
Konow	properNoun	swe	Konow	properNoun	nor
Mujjá	properNoun	swe	Mujjá	properNoun	nor
Sjoa	properNoun	swe	Sjoa	properNoun	nor
Klopasa	properNoun	swe	Klopasa	properNoun	nor
Lappi	properNoun	swe	Lappi	properNoun	nor
Ryfylke	properNoun	swe	Ryfylke	properNoun	nor
País	properNoun	swe	País	properNoun	nor
Leone	properNoun	swe	Leone	properNoun	nor
Nakajima	properNoun	swe	Nakajima	properNoun	nor
Høyer	properNoun	swe	Høyer	properNoun	nor
Grof	properNoun	swe	Grof	properNoun	nor
Eiksen	properNoun	swe	Eiksen	properNoun	nor
Kleopatra	properNoun	swe	Kleopatra	properNoun	nor
Vestindia	properNoun	swe	Vestindia	properNoun	nor
Saltdal	properNoun	swe	Saltdal	properNoun	nor
Vähäkuopus	properNoun	swe	Vähäkuopus	properNoun	nor
Veidemann	properNoun	swe	Veidemann	properNoun	nor
Kilpimaa	properNoun	swe	Kilpimaa	properNoun	nor
Myöhänen	properNoun	swe	Myöhänen	properNoun	nor
Feragen	properNoun	swe	Feragen	properNoun	nor
Messina	properNoun	swe	Messina	properNoun	nor
Høye	properNoun	swe	Høye	properNoun	nor
Laksefjorden	properNoun	swe	Laksefjorden	properNoun	nor
Tervakoski	properNoun	swe	Tervakoski	properNoun	nor
Karinkanta	properNoun	swe	Karinkanta	properNoun	nor
Puntti	properNoun	swe	Puntti	properNoun	nor
Kottonen	properNoun	swe	Kottonen	properNoun	nor
Heesch	properNoun	swe	Heesch	properNoun	nor
Ajman	properNoun	swe	Ajman	properNoun	nor
Winther	properNoun	swe	Winther	properNoun	nor
Røysheim	properNoun	swe	Røysheim	properNoun	nor
Snowdon	properNoun	swe	Snowdon	properNoun	nor
Peltonen	properNoun	swe	Peltonen	properNoun	nor
Koski	properNoun	swe	Koski	properNoun	nor
Grotle	properNoun	swe	Grotle	properNoun	nor
Marvik	properNoun	swe	Marvik	properNoun	nor
Kortner	properNoun	swe	Kortner	properNoun	nor
Inkonen	properNoun	swe	Inkonen	properNoun	nor
Tujunen	properNoun	swe	Tujunen	properNoun	nor
Perminov	properNoun	swe	Perminov	properNoun	nor
Marvin	properNoun	swe	Marvin	properNoun	nor
Taipei	properNoun	swe	Taipei	properNoun	nor
Grotli	properNoun	swe	Grotli	properNoun	nor
Säärelä	properNoun	swe	Säärelä	properNoun	nor
Pellikainen	properNoun	swe	Pellikainen	properNoun	nor
Zotora	properNoun	swe	Zotora	properNoun	nor
Jokiranta	properNoun	swe	Jokiranta	properNoun	nor
Kyrre	properNoun	swe	Kyrre	properNoun	nor
Laula	properNoun	swe	Laula	properNoun	nor
Hjelseth	properNoun	swe	Hjelseth	properNoun	nor
Riksgrensen	properNoun	swe	Riksgrensen	properNoun	nor
Fold	properNoun	swe	Fold	properNoun	nor
Kuala	properNoun	swe	Kuala	properNoun	nor
Tevolln	properNoun	swe	Tevolln	properNoun	nor
Jinan	properNoun	swe	Jinan	properNoun	nor
Gjemlestad	properNoun	swe	Gjemlestad	properNoun	nor
Gilleberg	properNoun	swe	Gilleberg	properNoun	nor
Eimsreiten	properNoun	swe	Eimsreiten	properNoun	nor
Lorang	properNoun	swe	Lorang	properNoun	nor
Haxthow	properNoun	swe	Haxthow	properNoun	nor
Láilá	properNoun	swe	Láilá	properNoun	nor
Pollen	properNoun	swe	Pollen	properNoun	nor
Nokkanen	properNoun	swe	Nokkanen	properNoun	nor
Jølsen	properNoun	swe	Jølsen	properNoun	nor
Stortinget	properNoun	swe	Stortinget	properNoun	nor
Suurhasko	properNoun	swe	Suurhasko	properNoun	nor
Roverud	properNoun	swe	Roverud	properNoun	nor
Horntvedt	properNoun	swe	Horntvedt	properNoun	nor
Fieldsted	properNoun	swe	Fieldsted	properNoun	nor
Schei	properNoun	swe	Schei	properNoun	nor
Eleaskolen	properNoun	swe	Eleaskolen	properNoun	nor
Ánte	properNoun	swe	Ánte	properNoun	nor
Antonson	properNoun	swe	Antonson	properNoun	nor
Nan	properNoun	swe	Nan	properNoun	nor
Kiili	properNoun	swe	Kiili	properNoun	nor
Anaksimander	properNoun	swe	Anaksimander	properNoun	nor
János	properNoun	swe	János	properNoun	nor
Støle	properNoun	swe	Støle	properNoun	nor
Stora	properNoun	swe	Stora	properNoun	nor
Solvår	properNoun	swe	Solvår	properNoun	nor
Sipirjá-Liisá	properNoun	swe	Sipirjá-Liisá	properNoun	nor
Ratinen	properNoun	swe	Ratinen	properNoun	nor
Aagård	properNoun	swe	Aagård	properNoun	nor
Kuraas	properNoun	swe	Kuraas	properNoun	nor
Kapanen	properNoun	swe	Kapanen	properNoun	nor
Stord	properNoun	swe	Stord	properNoun	nor
Solsvik	properNoun	swe	Solsvik	properNoun	nor
Rognerud	properNoun	swe	Rognerud	properNoun	nor
Madelen	properNoun	swe	Madelen	properNoun	nor
Lyly	properNoun	swe	Lyly	properNoun	nor
Senja	properNoun	swe	Senja	properNoun	nor
Aurdal	properNoun	swe	Aurdal	properNoun	nor
Avvil-Máhtte	properNoun	swe	Avvil-Máhtte	properNoun	nor
Arkelaos	properNoun	swe	Arkelaos	properNoun	nor
Rousseau	properNoun	swe	Rousseau	properNoun	nor
Kvig	properNoun	swe	Kvig	properNoun	nor
Folke	properNoun	swe	Folke	properNoun	nor
Ábo	properNoun	swe	Ábo	properNoun	nor
Pedar	properNoun	swe	Pedar	properNoun	nor
Atlanterhavskysten	properNoun	swe	Atlanterhavskysten	properNoun	nor
Hässelberg	properNoun	swe	Hässelberg	properNoun	nor
Sokn	properNoun	swe	Sokn	properNoun	nor
Yanan	properNoun	swe	Yanan	properNoun	nor
Unger	properNoun	swe	Unger	properNoun	nor
Torri	properNoun	swe	Torri	properNoun	nor
Thorgrimson	properNoun	swe	Thorgrimson	properNoun	nor
Storm	properNoun	swe	Storm	properNoun	nor
Barentsburg	properNoun	swe	Barentsburg	properNoun	nor
Aalholm	properNoun	swe	Aalholm	properNoun	nor
Nesbyen	properNoun	swe	Nesbyen	properNoun	nor
Aashild	properNoun	swe	Aashild	properNoun	nor
Solsem	properNoun	swe	Solsem	properNoun	nor
Lous	properNoun	swe	Lous	properNoun	nor
Hymen	properNoun	swe	Hymen	properNoun	nor
Erasmus	properNoun	swe	Erasmus	properNoun	nor
Elling	properNoun	swe	Elling	properNoun	nor
Avaldsnes	properNoun	swe	Avaldsnes	properNoun	nor
Mawson	properNoun	swe	Mawson	properNoun	nor
Lyytikäinen	properNoun	swe	Lyytikäinen	properNoun	nor
Pantsu	properNoun	swe	Pantsu	properNoun	nor
Colman	properNoun	swe	Colman	properNoun	nor
Krogh	properNoun	swe	Krogh	properNoun	nor
Øen	properNoun	swe	Øen	properNoun	nor
Sapporo	properNoun	swe	Sapporo	properNoun	nor
Amundsen	properNoun	swe	Amundsen	properNoun	nor
Agalin	properNoun	swe	Agalin	properNoun	nor
Krokstadelva	properNoun	swe	Krokstadelva	properNoun	nor
Tebe	properNoun	swe	Tebe	properNoun	nor
Seth	properNoun	swe	Seth	properNoun	nor
Sundgot	properNoun	swe	Sundgot	properNoun	nor
Jakin	properNoun	swe	Jakin	properNoun	nor
Storriten	properNoun	swe	Storriten	properNoun	nor
Meli	properNoun	swe	Meli	properNoun	nor
Lukin	properNoun	swe	Lukin	properNoun	nor
Wilfred	properNoun	swe	Wilfred	properNoun	nor
Jaara	properNoun	swe	Jaara	properNoun	nor
Niittymäki	properNoun	swe	Niittymäki	properNoun	nor
Høigård	properNoun	swe	Høigård	properNoun	nor
Hinderson	properNoun	swe	Hinderson	properNoun	nor
Alanne	properNoun	swe	Alanne	properNoun	nor
Vestli	properNoun	swe	Vestli	properNoun	nor
Nordkild	properNoun	swe	Nordkild	properNoun	nor
Gjoll	properNoun	swe	Gjoll	properNoun	nor
Hemmonjavvesuolu	properNoun	swe	Hemmonjavvesuolu	properNoun	nor
Liukkonen	properNoun	swe	Liukkonen	properNoun	nor
Huurinainen	properNoun	swe	Huurinainen	properNoun	nor
McDonald	properNoun	swe	McDonald	properNoun	nor
Påske-Oslo	properNoun	swe	Påske-Oslo	properNoun	nor
Väänänen	properNoun	swe	Väänänen	properNoun	nor
Odner	properNoun	swe	Odner	properNoun	nor
Dronning	properNoun	swe	Dronning	properNoun	nor
Mauri	properNoun	swe	Mauri	properNoun	nor
Liiri	properNoun	swe	Liiri	properNoun	nor
Kaskinen	properNoun	swe	Kaskinen	properNoun	nor
Palace	properNoun	swe	Palace	properNoun	nor
Roberto	properNoun	swe	Roberto	properNoun	nor
Huru	properNoun	swe	Huru	properNoun	nor
Suoninen	properNoun	swe	Suoninen	properNoun	nor
Kultalahti	properNoun	swe	Kultalahti	properNoun	nor
Fagerberg	properNoun	swe	Fagerberg	properNoun	nor
Aardal	properNoun	swe	Aardal	properNoun	nor
Ife	properNoun	swe	Ife	properNoun	nor
Fosshaug	properNoun	swe	Fosshaug	properNoun	nor
Bennedsen	properNoun	swe	Bennedsen	properNoun	nor
Angel	properNoun	swe	Angel	properNoun	nor
Gillarávži	properNoun	swe	Gillarávži	properNoun	nor
Simit	properNoun	swe	Simit	properNoun	nor
Marianne	properNoun	swe	Marianne	properNoun	nor
Skartveit	properNoun	swe	Skartveit	properNoun	nor
Liverpool	properNoun	swe	Liverpool	properNoun	nor
Hiekka	properNoun	swe	Hiekka	properNoun	nor
St. Hanshaugen	properNoun	swe	St. Hanshaugen	properNoun	nor
Rheman	properNoun	swe	Rheman	properNoun	nor
Richter	properNoun	swe	Richter	properNoun	nor
Gudrun	properNoun	swe	Gudrun	properNoun	nor
Herefoss	properNoun	swe	Herefoss	properNoun	nor
Vuori	properNoun	swe	Vuori	properNoun	nor
Ritvanen	properNoun	swe	Ritvanen	properNoun	nor
Ohra-aho	properNoun	swe	Ohra-aho	properNoun	nor
Husby	properNoun	swe	Husby	properNoun	nor
Vestly	properNoun	swe	Vestly	properNoun	nor
Myers	properNoun	swe	Myers	properNoun	nor
Furulund	properNoun	swe	Furulund	properNoun	nor
Moines	properNoun	swe	Moines	properNoun	nor
Gøstaff	properNoun	swe	Gøstaff	properNoun	nor
Mietinen	properNoun	swe	Mietinen	properNoun	nor
Knagenhjelm	properNoun	swe	Knagenhjelm	properNoun	nor
Dnepr-Bug-kanála	properNoun	swe	Dnepr-Bug-kanála	properNoun	nor
Mákredáža	properNoun	swe	Mákredáža	properNoun	nor
Ziuganov	properNoun	swe	Ziuganov	properNoun	nor
Rongved	properNoun	swe	Rongved	properNoun	nor
Gilje	properNoun	swe	Gilje	properNoun	nor
Slotten	properNoun	swe	Slotten	properNoun	nor
Schieldrop	properNoun	swe	Schieldrop	properNoun	nor
Kukkanen	properNoun	swe	Kukkanen	properNoun	nor
Renee	properNoun	swe	Renee	properNoun	nor
Bretagne	properNoun	swe	Bretagne	properNoun	nor
Kortesalmi	properNoun	swe	Kortesalmi	properNoun	nor
Pulska	properNoun	swe	Pulska	properNoun	nor
Paulamäki	properNoun	swe	Paulamäki	properNoun	nor
Nystuen	properNoun	swe	Nystuen	properNoun	nor
Linna	properNoun	swe	Linna	properNoun	nor
Bestemmelsen	properNoun	swe	Bestemmelsen	properNoun	nor
Erntsen	properNoun	swe	Erntsen	properNoun	nor
Oddny	properNoun	swe	Oddny	properNoun	nor
Brann	properNoun	swe	Brann	properNoun	nor
Yggeseth	properNoun	swe	Yggeseth	properNoun	nor
Sadelin	properNoun	swe	Sadelin	properNoun	nor
Svartisen	properNoun	swe	Svartisen	properNoun	nor
Skage	properNoun	swe	Skage	properNoun	nor
Mäkiaho	properNoun	swe	Mäkiaho	properNoun	nor
Peräkylä	properNoun	swe	Peräkylä	properNoun	nor
Gállávárri	properNoun	swe	Gállávárri	properNoun	nor
Gryllefjord	properNoun	swe	Gryllefjord	properNoun	nor
Ulsberg	properNoun	swe	Ulsberg	properNoun	nor
Ruotsalainen	properNoun	swe	Ruotsalainen	properNoun	nor
Skorstad	properNoun	swe	Skorstad	properNoun	nor
Lintula	properNoun	swe	Lintula	properNoun	nor
Jubail	properNoun	swe	Jubail	properNoun	nor
Tracey	properNoun	swe	Tracey	properNoun	nor
Siren	properNoun	swe	Siren	properNoun	nor
Filppa	properNoun	swe	Filppa	properNoun	nor
McKinley	properNoun	swe	McKinley	properNoun	nor
Annala	properNoun	swe	Annala	properNoun	nor
Maryland	properNoun	swe	Maryland	properNoun	nor
Rossella	properNoun	swe	Rossella	properNoun	nor
Timon	properNoun	swe	Timon	properNoun	nor
Konrad	properNoun	swe	Konrad	properNoun	nor
Roaldson	properNoun	swe	Roaldson	properNoun	nor
Berlevåg	properNoun	swe	Berlevåg	properNoun	nor
Minden	properNoun	swe	Minden	properNoun	nor
Hanyang	properNoun	swe	Hanyang	properNoun	nor
Slien	properNoun	swe	Slien	properNoun	nor
Rheen	properNoun	swe	Rheen	properNoun	nor
Bjølstad	properNoun	swe	Bjølstad	properNoun	nor
Gálláčorru	properNoun	swe	Gálláčorru	properNoun	nor
Sklinnabanken	properNoun	swe	Sklinnabanken	properNoun	nor
Tuikka	properNoun	swe	Tuikka	properNoun	nor
Hjort	properNoun	swe	Hjort	properNoun	nor
Valio	properNoun	swe	Valio	properNoun	nor
Ustvedt	properNoun	swe	Ustvedt	properNoun	nor
Thrane	properNoun	swe	Thrane	properNoun	nor
Sääskilahti	properNoun	swe	Sääskilahti	properNoun	nor
Skardstein	properNoun	swe	Skardstein	properNoun	nor
Leonardo	properNoun	swe	Leonardo	properNoun	nor
Sola	properNoun	swe	Sola	properNoun	nor
Ulvang	properNoun	swe	Ulvang	properNoun	nor
Meander	properNoun	swe	Meander	properNoun	nor
Tokheim	properNoun	swe	Tokheim	properNoun	nor
Rantamaa	properNoun	swe	Rantamaa	properNoun	nor
Spiikaloapmi	properNoun	swe	Spiikaloapmi	properNoun	nor
Augenthaler	properNoun	swe	Augenthaler	properNoun	nor
Vilfred	properNoun	swe	Vilfred	properNoun	nor
Ingemar	properNoun	swe	Ingemar	properNoun	nor
Kastari	properNoun	swe	Kastari	properNoun	nor
Airisto	properNoun	swe	Airisto	properNoun	nor
Dominica	properNoun	swe	Dominica	properNoun	nor
Grotius	properNoun	swe	Grotius	properNoun	nor
Egon	properNoun	swe	Egon	properNoun	nor
Svendssen	properNoun	swe	Svendssen	properNoun	nor
Ganander	properNoun	swe	Ganander	properNoun	nor
Søberg	properNoun	swe	Søberg	properNoun	nor
Vicente	properNoun	swe	Vicente	properNoun	nor
Filppu	properNoun	swe	Filppu	properNoun	nor
Roisko	properNoun	swe	Roisko	properNoun	nor
Jormanainen	properNoun	swe	Jormanainen	properNoun	nor
Leirsund	properNoun	swe	Leirsund	properNoun	nor
Andora	properNoun	swe	Andora	properNoun	nor
Hyytiä	properNoun	swe	Hyytiä	properNoun	nor
Nordkalotten	properNoun	swe	Nordkalotten	properNoun	nor
Vojens	properNoun	swe	Vojens	properNoun	nor
Næs	properNoun	swe	Næs	properNoun	nor
Lindboe	properNoun	swe	Lindboe	properNoun	nor
Ludolf	properNoun	swe	Ludolf	properNoun	nor
Ann-Carin	properNoun	swe	Ann-Carin	properNoun	nor
Loennechen	properNoun	swe	Loennechen	properNoun	nor
Østerdalen	properNoun	swe	Østerdalen	properNoun	nor
Sandra	properNoun	swe	Sandra	properNoun	nor
Vuojärvi	properNoun	swe	Vuojärvi	properNoun	nor
Dietrichson	properNoun	swe	Dietrichson	properNoun	nor
Vilnes	properNoun	swe	Vilnes	properNoun	nor
Ruhanen	properNoun	swe	Ruhanen	properNoun	nor
Lipiäinen	properNoun	swe	Lipiäinen	properNoun	nor
Beichmann	properNoun	swe	Beichmann	properNoun	nor
Krohg	properNoun	swe	Krohg	properNoun	nor
Aarvik	properNoun	swe	Aarvik	properNoun	nor
Alejandra	properNoun	swe	Alejandra	properNoun	nor
Tananger	properNoun	swe	Tananger	properNoun	nor
Holmsgaard	properNoun	swe	Holmsgaard	properNoun	nor
Huse	properNoun	swe	Huse	properNoun	nor
Sinovjev	properNoun	swe	Sinovjev	properNoun	nor
Arntsson	properNoun	swe	Arntsson	properNoun	nor
Meling	properNoun	swe	Meling	properNoun	nor
Gusfors	properNoun	swe	Gusfors	properNoun	nor
Bayreuth	properNoun	swe	Bayreuth	properNoun	nor
Follo	properNoun	swe	Follo	properNoun	nor
Wøien	properNoun	swe	Wøien	properNoun	nor
Miennaluoppal	properNoun	swe	Miennaluoppal	properNoun	nor
Oleanna	properNoun	swe	Oleanna	properNoun	nor
Florø	properNoun	swe	Florø	properNoun	nor
Støreng	properNoun	swe	Støreng	properNoun	nor
Hellgren	properNoun	swe	Hellgren	properNoun	nor
Bukh	properNoun	swe	Bukh	properNoun	nor
Agricola	properNoun	swe	Agricola	properNoun	nor
Hánssajávri	properNoun	swe	Hánssajávri	properNoun	nor
Østerberg	properNoun	swe	Østerberg	properNoun	nor
Kapstø	properNoun	swe	Kapstø	properNoun	nor
Feldbæk	properNoun	swe	Feldbæk	properNoun	nor
Philippe	properNoun	swe	Philippe	properNoun	nor
Auckland	properNoun	swe	Auckland	properNoun	nor
Strömberg	properNoun	swe	Strömberg	properNoun	nor
Myllyaho	properNoun	swe	Myllyaho	properNoun	nor
Gunderup	properNoun	swe	Gunderup	properNoun	nor
Per-Erik	properNoun	swe	Per-Erik	properNoun	nor
Krohn	properNoun	swe	Krohn	properNoun	nor
Oleanne	properNoun	swe	Oleanne	properNoun	nor
Liisa	properNoun	swe	Liisa	properNoun	nor
Lesotho	properNoun	swe	Lesotho	properNoun	nor
Haaga	properNoun	swe	Haaga	properNoun	nor
Skamandros	properNoun	swe	Skamandros	properNoun	nor
Jåberg	properNoun	swe	Jåberg	properNoun	nor
Kylander	properNoun	swe	Kylander	properNoun	nor
Edwin	properNoun	swe	Edwin	properNoun	nor
Psyke	properNoun	swe	Psyke	properNoun	nor
Abelson	properNoun	swe	Abelson	properNoun	nor
Shell	properNoun	swe	Shell	properNoun	nor
Giskejávri	properNoun	swe	Giskejávri	properNoun	nor
Provence	properNoun	swe	Provence	properNoun	nor
Passat	properNoun	swe	Passat	properNoun	nor
Kringen	properNoun	swe	Kringen	properNoun	nor
Skjalg	properNoun	swe	Skjalg	properNoun	nor
Reijo	properNoun	swe	Reijo	properNoun	nor
Jespersen	properNoun	swe	Jespersen	properNoun	nor
Husu	properNoun	swe	Husu	properNoun	nor
Lazio	properNoun	swe	Lazio	properNoun	nor
Tollnes	properNoun	swe	Tollnes	properNoun	nor
Goldenvuohppi	properNoun	swe	Goldenvuohppi	properNoun	nor
Elgstøen	properNoun	swe	Elgstøen	properNoun	nor
Thalia	properNoun	swe	Thalia	properNoun	nor
Urpalainen	properNoun	swe	Urpalainen	properNoun	nor
Pamplona	properNoun	swe	Pamplona	properNoun	nor
Klein	properNoun	swe	Klein	properNoun	nor
Hánná	properNoun	swe	Hánná	properNoun	nor
Habsburg	properNoun	swe	Habsburg	properNoun	nor
Dalmatia	properNoun	swe	Dalmatia	properNoun	nor
Sálmo	properNoun	swe	Sálmo	properNoun	nor
Kankaala	properNoun	swe	Kankaala	properNoun	nor
Bjørn-Inge	properNoun	swe	Bjørn-Inge	properNoun	nor
Säntti	properNoun	swe	Säntti	properNoun	nor
Reunanen	properNoun	swe	Reunanen	properNoun	nor
Häyry	properNoun	swe	Häyry	properNoun	nor
Hentilä	properNoun	swe	Hentilä	properNoun	nor
Haapalahti	properNoun	swe	Haapalahti	properNoun	nor
Ualand	properNoun	swe	Ualand	properNoun	nor
Kuokkanen	properNoun	swe	Kuokkanen	properNoun	nor
Laanti	properNoun	swe	Laanti	properNoun	nor
Kleiv	properNoun	swe	Kleiv	properNoun	nor
Sabah	properNoun	swe	Sabah	properNoun	nor
Stengselsrud	properNoun	swe	Stengselsrud	properNoun	nor
Harjunharja	properNoun	swe	Harjunharja	properNoun	nor
Waterloo	properNoun	swe	Waterloo	properNoun	nor
Tronsson	properNoun	swe	Tronsson	properNoun	nor
Cuxhaven	properNoun	swe	Cuxhaven	properNoun	nor
Røysing	properNoun	swe	Røysing	properNoun	nor
Leander	properNoun	swe	Leander	properNoun	nor
Furseth	properNoun	swe	Furseth	properNoun	nor
Sayda	properNoun	swe	Sayda	properNoun	nor
Alaska	properNoun	swe	Alaska	properNoun	nor
Hilditsch	properNoun	swe	Hilditsch	properNoun	nor
Hansa	properNoun	swe	Hansa	properNoun	nor
DeCaspar	properNoun	swe	DeCaspar	properNoun	nor
Aril	properNoun	swe	Aril	properNoun	nor
Adbeel	properNoun	swe	Adbeel	properNoun	nor
L'Oreal	properNoun	swe	L'Oreal	properNoun	nor
Tron	properNoun	swe	Tron	properNoun	nor
Harlin	properNoun	swe	Harlin	properNoun	nor
Aatsinki	properNoun	swe	Aatsinki	properNoun	nor
Gloppen	properNoun	swe	Gloppen	properNoun	nor
Ánnájeaggi	properNoun	swe	Ánnájeaggi	properNoun	nor
Røberg	properNoun	swe	Røberg	properNoun	nor
Hallan	properNoun	swe	Hallan	properNoun	nor
Quincy	properNoun	swe	Quincy	properNoun	nor
Hogstad	properNoun	swe	Hogstad	properNoun	nor
Lasonen	properNoun	swe	Lasonen	properNoun	nor
Weenker	properNoun	swe	Weenker	properNoun	nor
Lyng	properNoun	swe	Lyng	properNoun	nor
Bagne	properNoun	swe	Bagne	properNoun	nor
Purhonen	properNoun	swe	Purhonen	properNoun	nor
Näppi	properNoun	swe	Näppi	properNoun	nor
Kytömäki	properNoun	swe	Kytömäki	properNoun	nor
Joenpolvi	properNoun	swe	Joenpolvi	properNoun	nor
Romme	properNoun	swe	Romme	properNoun	nor
Guivveroavvi	properNoun	swe	Guivveroavvi	properNoun	nor
Marttinen	properNoun	swe	Marttinen	properNoun	nor
Maridal	properNoun	swe	Maridal	properNoun	nor
Kosmo	properNoun	swe	Kosmo	properNoun	nor
Kovala	properNoun	swe	Kovala	properNoun	nor
Amallienborg	properNoun	swe	Amallienborg	properNoun	nor
Junte	properNoun	swe	Junte	properNoun	nor
Vossestrand	properNoun	swe	Vossestrand	properNoun	nor
Asikainen	properNoun	swe	Asikainen	properNoun	nor
Lynn	properNoun	swe	Lynn	properNoun	nor
Kjølaas	properNoun	swe	Kjølaas	properNoun	nor
Brynjulfsen	properNoun	swe	Brynjulfsen	properNoun	nor
Catalina	properNoun	swe	Catalina	properNoun	nor
Ivarssen	properNoun	swe	Ivarssen	properNoun	nor
Seurajärvi	properNoun	swe	Seurajärvi	properNoun	nor
Møn	properNoun	swe	Møn	properNoun	nor
Herronen	properNoun	swe	Herronen	properNoun	nor
Blåmannsisen	properNoun	swe	Blåmannsisen	properNoun	nor
Krouvi	properNoun	swe	Krouvi	properNoun	nor
Akselsson	properNoun	swe	Akselsson	properNoun	nor
Hyppönen	properNoun	swe	Hyppönen	properNoun	nor
Collinder	properNoun	swe	Collinder	properNoun	nor
Balsajávri	properNoun	swe	Balsajávri	properNoun	nor
Slependen	properNoun	swe	Slependen	properNoun	nor
Neiden	properNoun	swe	Neiden	properNoun	nor
Patrikainen	properNoun	swe	Patrikainen	properNoun	nor
Martikainen	properNoun	swe	Martikainen	properNoun	nor
Poutanen	properNoun	swe	Poutanen	properNoun	nor
Bartimeus	properNoun	swe	Bartimeus	properNoun	nor
Valborg	properNoun	swe	Valborg	properNoun	nor
Styks	properNoun	swe	Styks	properNoun	nor
Fonn	properNoun	swe	Fonn	properNoun	nor
Andorsrud	properNoun	swe	Andorsrud	properNoun	nor
Sohppar	properNoun	swe	Sohppar	properNoun	nor
Hornemann	properNoun	swe	Hornemann	properNoun	nor
Brørup	properNoun	swe	Brørup	properNoun	nor
Sjursson	properNoun	swe	Sjursson	properNoun	nor
Schütt	properNoun	swe	Schütt	properNoun	nor
Lundgreen	properNoun	swe	Lundgreen	properNoun	nor
Kananoja	properNoun	swe	Kananoja	properNoun	nor
Henrich	properNoun	swe	Henrich	properNoun	nor
Fensfjorden	properNoun	swe	Fensfjorden	properNoun	nor
Benelux	properNoun	swe	Benelux	properNoun	nor
Ádo	properNoun	swe	Ádo	properNoun	nor
Rämänen	properNoun	swe	Rämänen	properNoun	nor
Rofstad	properNoun	swe	Rofstad	properNoun	nor
Gunbjørg	properNoun	swe	Gunbjørg	properNoun	nor
Conradi	properNoun	swe	Conradi	properNoun	nor
Varonen	properNoun	swe	Varonen	properNoun	nor
Lukka	properNoun	swe	Lukka	properNoun	nor
Kulonen	properNoun	swe	Kulonen	properNoun	nor
Hákon	properNoun	swe	Hákon	properNoun	nor
Koivu	properNoun	swe	Koivu	properNoun	nor
Tyyskä	properNoun	swe	Tyyskä	properNoun	nor
Tossavainen	properNoun	swe	Tossavainen	properNoun	nor
Hinkkanen	properNoun	swe	Hinkkanen	properNoun	nor
Ballovara	properNoun	swe	Ballovara	properNoun	nor
Kjeldsen	properNoun	swe	Kjeldsen	properNoun	nor
Moen	properNoun	swe	Moen	properNoun	nor
Melanesia	properNoun	swe	Melanesia	properNoun	nor
Constantine	properNoun	swe	Constantine	properNoun	nor
Tronvoll	properNoun	swe	Tronvoll	properNoun	nor
Sondresen	properNoun	swe	Sondresen	properNoun	nor
Sistonen	properNoun	swe	Sistonen	properNoun	nor
Hedmark	properNoun	swe	Hedmark	properNoun	nor
Selstrøm	properNoun	swe	Selstrøm	properNoun	nor
Liski	properNoun	swe	Liski	properNoun	nor
Lautiainen	properNoun	swe	Lautiainen	properNoun	nor
Walborg	properNoun	swe	Walborg	properNoun	nor
Jansson	properNoun	swe	Jansson	properNoun	nor
Furnes	properNoun	swe	Furnes	properNoun	nor
Stene-Larsen	properNoun	swe	Stene-Larsen	properNoun	nor
Riepponen	properNoun	swe	Riepponen	properNoun	nor
Ella	properNoun	swe	Ella	properNoun	nor
Kroik	properNoun	swe	Kroik	properNoun	nor
Gjone	properNoun	swe	Gjone	properNoun	nor
Wegner	properNoun	swe	Wegner	properNoun	nor
Svenkerud	properNoun	swe	Svenkerud	properNoun	nor
Vapalahti	properNoun	swe	Vapalahti	properNoun	nor
Carlzon	properNoun	swe	Carlzon	properNoun	nor
Helsingforsavtalen	properNoun	swe	Helsingforsavtalen	properNoun	nor
Halmstad	properNoun	swe	Halmstad	properNoun	nor
Elle	properNoun	swe	Elle	properNoun	nor
Øberg	properNoun	swe	Øberg	properNoun	nor
Schyberg	properNoun	swe	Schyberg	properNoun	nor
Kärkinen	properNoun	swe	Kärkinen	properNoun	nor
Krarup	properNoun	swe	Krarup	properNoun	nor
Boesen	properNoun	swe	Boesen	properNoun	nor
Bull	properNoun	swe	Bull	properNoun	nor
Keflavik	properNoun	swe	Keflavik	properNoun	nor
Korkeaoja	properNoun	swe	Korkeaoja	properNoun	nor
Holmboe	properNoun	swe	Holmboe	properNoun	nor
Florence	properNoun	swe	Florence	properNoun	nor
Zell	properNoun	swe	Zell	properNoun	nor
Määttänen	properNoun	swe	Määttänen	properNoun	nor
Gunnstein	properNoun	swe	Gunnstein	properNoun	nor
Elli	properNoun	swe	Elli	properNoun	nor
Wiers	properNoun	swe	Wiers	properNoun	nor
Gravesen	properNoun	swe	Gravesen	properNoun	nor
Tuomioja	properNoun	swe	Tuomioja	properNoun	nor
Koivulehto	properNoun	swe	Koivulehto	properNoun	nor
Jatkola	properNoun	swe	Jatkola	properNoun	nor
Jakku	properNoun	swe	Jakku	properNoun	nor
Moldskred	properNoun	swe	Moldskred	properNoun	nor
Kauppila	properNoun	swe	Kauppila	properNoun	nor
Oksa	properNoun	swe	Oksa	properNoun	nor
Hønefoss	properNoun	swe	Hønefoss	properNoun	nor
Tähkänen	properNoun	swe	Tähkänen	properNoun	nor
Charlottenlund	properNoun	swe	Charlottenlund	properNoun	nor
Surrey	properNoun	swe	Surrey	properNoun	nor
Jukkasjärvi	properNoun	swe	Jukkasjärvi	properNoun	nor
Daniloff	properNoun	swe	Daniloff	properNoun	nor
Stig	properNoun	swe	Stig	properNoun	nor
Ello	properNoun	swe	Ello	properNoun	nor
Boeing	properNoun	swe	Boeing	properNoun	nor
Jagiello	properNoun	swe	Jagiello	properNoun	nor
Isoherranen	properNoun	swe	Isoherranen	properNoun	nor
Tom-Eirik	properNoun	swe	Tom-Eirik	properNoun	nor
Okse	properNoun	swe	Okse	properNoun	nor
Riast/Hylling	properNoun	swe	Riast/Hylling	properNoun	nor
Thomssen	properNoun	swe	Thomssen	properNoun	nor
Valkiapää	properNoun	swe	Valkiapää	properNoun	nor
Bommerlund	properNoun	swe	Bommerlund	properNoun	nor
Magoga	properNoun	swe	Magoga	properNoun	nor
Skiptvet	properNoun	swe	Skiptvet	properNoun	nor
Nordkinn	properNoun	swe	Nordkinn	properNoun	nor
Langnes	properNoun	swe	Langnes	properNoun	nor
Kukkamäki	properNoun	swe	Kukkamäki	properNoun	nor
Ulseth	properNoun	swe	Ulseth	properNoun	nor
Ohtonen	properNoun	swe	Ohtonen	properNoun	nor
Mäkiniska	properNoun	swe	Mäkiniska	properNoun	nor
Huikko	properNoun	swe	Huikko	properNoun	nor
Flakstad	properNoun	swe	Flakstad	properNoun	nor
Vuoti	properNoun	swe	Vuoti	properNoun	nor
Vartio	properNoun	swe	Vartio	properNoun	nor
Ørsta	properNoun	swe	Ørsta	properNoun	nor
Koutken	properNoun	swe	Koutken	properNoun	nor
Arja	properNoun	swe	Arja	properNoun	nor
Haahr	properNoun	swe	Haahr	properNoun	nor
Borgestad	properNoun	swe	Borgestad	properNoun	nor
Aholainen	properNoun	swe	Aholainen	properNoun	nor
Elly	properNoun	swe	Elly	properNoun	nor
Torkildsen	properNoun	swe	Torkildsen	properNoun	nor
Arstad	properNoun	swe	Arstad	properNoun	nor
Sikkájávri	properNoun	swe	Sikkájávri	properNoun	nor
Yibin	properNoun	swe	Yibin	properNoun	nor
Ritamäki	properNoun	swe	Ritamäki	properNoun	nor
Vara	properNoun	swe	Vara	properNoun	nor
Eilertsson	properNoun	swe	Eilertsson	properNoun	nor
Kaappola	properNoun	swe	Kaappola	properNoun	nor
Bogejávri	properNoun	swe	Bogejávri	properNoun	nor
Smirnov	properNoun	swe	Smirnov	properNoun	nor
Ohlsen	properNoun	swe	Ohlsen	properNoun	nor
Metso	properNoun	swe	Metso	properNoun	nor
Ivanowitz	properNoun	swe	Ivanowitz	properNoun	nor
Nord-Vestlandet	properNoun	swe	Nord-Vestlandet	properNoun	nor
Snorre	properNoun	swe	Snorre	properNoun	nor
Kautokeino	properNoun	swe	Kautokeino	properNoun	nor
Hokkaido	properNoun	swe	Hokkaido	properNoun	nor
Melbu	properNoun	swe	Melbu	properNoun	nor
Kimmestad	properNoun	swe	Kimmestad	properNoun	nor
Veritas	properNoun	swe	Veritas	properNoun	nor
Hardbakke	properNoun	swe	Hardbakke	properNoun	nor
Varg	properNoun	swe	Varg	properNoun	nor
Lumisalmi	properNoun	swe	Lumisalmi	properNoun	nor
Haikka	properNoun	swe	Haikka	properNoun	nor
Mikal	properNoun	swe	Mikal	properNoun	nor
Koskenoja	properNoun	swe	Koskenoja	properNoun	nor
Cali	properNoun	swe	Cali	properNoun	nor
Kirstin	properNoun	swe	Kirstin	properNoun	nor
Josefsson	properNoun	swe	Josefsson	properNoun	nor
Melby	properNoun	swe	Melby	properNoun	nor
Tukiainen	properNoun	swe	Tukiainen	properNoun	nor
Mustonen	properNoun	swe	Mustonen	properNoun	nor
Mjøsajávri	properNoun	swe	Mjøsajávri	properNoun	nor
Eilertsen	properNoun	swe	Eilertsen	properNoun	nor
Viirret	properNoun	swe	Viirret	properNoun	nor
Teräväinen	properNoun	swe	Teräväinen	properNoun	nor
Ballangen	properNoun	swe	Ballangen	properNoun	nor
Hetland	properNoun	swe	Hetland	properNoun	nor
Vänttilä	properNoun	swe	Vänttilä	properNoun	nor
Abimelek	properNoun	swe	Abimelek	properNoun	nor
Kieldsen	properNoun	swe	Kieldsen	properNoun	nor
Gaisa	properNoun	swe	Gaisa	properNoun	nor
Reinertsen	properNoun	swe	Reinertsen	properNoun	nor
Strømeng	properNoun	swe	Strømeng	properNoun	nor
Slangerup	properNoun	swe	Slangerup	properNoun	nor
Kragerø	properNoun	swe	Kragerø	properNoun	nor
Vars	properNoun	swe	Vars	properNoun	nor
Aalen	properNoun	swe	Aalen	properNoun	nor
Autio	properNoun	swe	Autio	properNoun	nor
Lyon	properNoun	swe	Lyon	properNoun	nor
Vesainen	properNoun	swe	Vesainen	properNoun	nor
Påve	properNoun	swe	Påve	properNoun	nor
Johannsson	properNoun	swe	Johannsson	properNoun	nor
Paju	properNoun	swe	Paju	properNoun	nor
Hattunen	properNoun	swe	Hattunen	properNoun	nor
Aisopos	properNoun	swe	Aisopos	properNoun	nor
Schwaben	properNoun	swe	Schwaben	properNoun	nor
Hevonkoski	properNoun	swe	Hevonkoski	properNoun	nor
Aaler	properNoun	swe	Aaler	properNoun	nor
Deahppánsuolu	properNoun	swe	Deahppánsuolu	properNoun	nor
Norheimsund	properNoun	swe	Norheimsund	properNoun	nor
Niillasjávri	properNoun	swe	Niillasjávri	properNoun	nor
Sinkkonen	properNoun	swe	Sinkkonen	properNoun	nor
Alhonen	properNoun	swe	Alhonen	properNoun	nor
Vary	properNoun	swe	Vary	properNoun	nor
Hyggen	properNoun	swe	Hyggen	properNoun	nor
Pantsar	properNoun	swe	Pantsar	properNoun	nor
Ruottinen	properNoun	swe	Ruottinen	properNoun	nor
Pelto	properNoun	swe	Pelto	properNoun	nor
Ekren	properNoun	swe	Ekren	properNoun	nor
Stange	properNoun	swe	Stange	properNoun	nor
Stoud	properNoun	swe	Stoud	properNoun	nor
Pouru	properNoun	swe	Pouru	properNoun	nor
Nordhagen	properNoun	swe	Nordhagen	properNoun	nor
Kaneborg	properNoun	swe	Kaneborg	properNoun	nor
Song	properNoun	swe	Song	properNoun	nor
Tanzania	properNoun	swe	Tanzania	properNoun	nor
Sørenssen	properNoun	swe	Sørenssen	properNoun	nor
Mattan	properNoun	swe	Mattan	properNoun	nor
Syverson	properNoun	swe	Syverson	properNoun	nor
Heimonen	properNoun	swe	Heimonen	properNoun	nor
Rytinki	properNoun	swe	Rytinki	properNoun	nor
Poranen	properNoun	swe	Poranen	properNoun	nor
Šealtiel	properNoun	swe	Šealtiel	properNoun	nor
Resch	properNoun	swe	Resch	properNoun	nor
Helier	properNoun	swe	Helier	properNoun	nor
Perssen	properNoun	swe	Perssen	properNoun	nor
Tammilehto	properNoun	swe	Tammilehto	properNoun	nor
Lausen	properNoun	swe	Lausen	properNoun	nor
Koskiranta	properNoun	swe	Koskiranta	properNoun	nor
Alise	properNoun	swe	Alise	properNoun	nor
Irkutsk	properNoun	swe	Irkutsk	properNoun	nor
Tårnvik	properNoun	swe	Tårnvik	properNoun	nor
Tupala	properNoun	swe	Tupala	properNoun	nor
Karita	properNoun	swe	Karita	properNoun	nor
Majala	properNoun	swe	Majala	properNoun	nor
Ettestad	properNoun	swe	Ettestad	properNoun	nor
Veslemøy	properNoun	swe	Veslemøy	properNoun	nor
Fogstad	properNoun	swe	Fogstad	properNoun	nor
Bussum	properNoun	swe	Bussum	properNoun	nor
Humlesnurr	properNoun	swe	Humlesnurr	properNoun	nor
Ipmeláhčči	properNoun	swe	Ipmeláhčči	properNoun	nor
Amoc	properNoun	swe	Amoc	properNoun	nor
Torun	properNoun	swe	Torun	properNoun	nor
Mæland	properNoun	swe	Mæland	properNoun	nor
Skibotn	properNoun	swe	Skibotn	properNoun	nor
Reitan	properNoun	swe	Reitan	properNoun	nor
Pahaoja	properNoun	swe	Pahaoja	properNoun	nor
Nikkanen	properNoun	swe	Nikkanen	properNoun	nor
Bergsgrav	properNoun	swe	Bergsgrav	properNoun	nor
Fåberg	properNoun	swe	Fåberg	properNoun	nor
Storbukt	properNoun	swe	Storbukt	properNoun	nor
Georgetown	properNoun	swe	Georgetown	properNoun	nor
Lammila	properNoun	swe	Lammila	properNoun	nor
Nielson	properNoun	swe	Nielson	properNoun	nor
Angéus	properNoun	swe	Angéus	properNoun	nor
Kittilssen	properNoun	swe	Kittilssen	properNoun	nor
Putkonen	properNoun	swe	Putkonen	properNoun	nor
Wulff	properNoun	swe	Wulff	properNoun	nor
Parker	properNoun	swe	Parker	properNoun	nor
PLO	properNoun	swe	PLO	properNoun	nor
Scutari	properNoun	swe	Scutari	properNoun	nor
Røvik	properNoun	swe	Røvik	properNoun	nor
Gunda	properNoun	swe	Gunda	properNoun	nor
Skeide	properNoun	swe	Skeide	properNoun	nor
Kasparov	properNoun	swe	Kasparov	properNoun	nor
Huus	properNoun	swe	Huus	properNoun	nor
Amor	properNoun	swe	Amor	properNoun	nor
Academy	properNoun	swe	Academy	properNoun	nor
Josip	properNoun	swe	Josip	properNoun	nor
Amos	properNoun	swe	Amos	properNoun	nor
Saraste	properNoun	swe	Saraste	properNoun	nor
Rautjärvi	properNoun	swe	Rautjärvi	properNoun	nor
Elmo	properNoun	swe	Elmo	properNoun	nor
Verdal	properNoun	swe	Verdal	properNoun	nor
Hafrsfjord	properNoun	swe	Hafrsfjord	properNoun	nor
Gunde	properNoun	swe	Gunde	properNoun	nor
Mariam	properNoun	swe	Mariam	properNoun	nor
Salzburg	properNoun	swe	Salzburg	properNoun	nor
COCOM	properNoun	swe	COCOM	properNoun	nor
Tofferi	properNoun	swe	Tofferi	properNoun	nor
Tees	properNoun	swe	Tees	properNoun	nor
Slettebakke	properNoun	swe	Slettebakke	properNoun	nor
Bautzen	properNoun	swe	Bautzen	properNoun	nor
Marian	properNoun	swe	Marian	properNoun	nor
Milosevic	properNoun	swe	Milosevic	properNoun	nor
Koukonen	properNoun	swe	Koukonen	properNoun	nor
Haapasalmi	properNoun	swe	Haapasalmi	properNoun	nor
Dánelnjárga	properNoun	swe	Dánelnjárga	properNoun	nor
Amoy	properNoun	swe	Amoy	properNoun	nor
Nicolaysen	properNoun	swe	Nicolaysen	properNoun	nor
Mamen	properNoun	swe	Mamen	properNoun	nor
Korpisalo	properNoun	swe	Korpisalo	properNoun	nor
Hallamaa	properNoun	swe	Hallamaa	properNoun	nor
Mette	properNoun	swe	Mette	properNoun	nor
Olufson	properNoun	swe	Olufson	properNoun	nor
Romhus	properNoun	swe	Romhus	properNoun	nor
Otterup	properNoun	swe	Otterup	properNoun	nor
Karstensson	properNoun	swe	Karstensson	properNoun	nor
Arntsen	properNoun	swe	Arntsen	properNoun	nor
Schach	properNoun	swe	Schach	properNoun	nor
Reppkleiv	properNoun	swe	Reppkleiv	properNoun	nor
Gruyter	properNoun	swe	Gruyter	properNoun	nor
Hovden	properNoun	swe	Hovden	properNoun	nor
Gillan	properNoun	swe	Gillan	properNoun	nor
Bankakademiet	properNoun	swe	Bankakademiet	properNoun	nor
DnB	properNoun	swe	DnB	properNoun	nor
DnC	properNoun	swe	DnC	properNoun	nor
Hansson	properNoun	swe	Hansson	properNoun	nor
Helgason	properNoun	swe	Helgason	properNoun	nor
Vasa	properNoun	swe	Vasa	properNoun	nor
Mongstad	properNoun	swe	Mongstad	properNoun	nor
International	properNoun	swe	International	properNoun	nor
Nørregaard	properNoun	swe	Nørregaard	properNoun	nor
Unicef	properNoun	swe	Unicef	properNoun	nor
Kangas	properNoun	swe	Kangas	properNoun	nor
Androklus	properNoun	swe	Androklus	properNoun	nor
Mølgaard	properNoun	swe	Mølgaard	properNoun	nor
Afghanistan	properNoun	swe	Afghanistan	properNoun	nor
Scherfig	properNoun	swe	Scherfig	properNoun	nor
Marseille	properNoun	swe	Marseille	properNoun	nor
Liknes	properNoun	swe	Liknes	properNoun	nor
Bearavárri	properNoun	swe	Bearavárri	properNoun	nor
Rasmussen	properNoun	swe	Rasmussen	properNoun	nor
Michaelsen	properNoun	swe	Michaelsen	properNoun	nor
Grenoble	properNoun	swe	Grenoble	properNoun	nor
Keldsen	properNoun	swe	Keldsen	properNoun	nor
Rimfakse	properNoun	swe	Rimfakse	properNoun	nor
Klemensson	properNoun	swe	Klemensson	properNoun	nor
Møllhausen	properNoun	swe	Møllhausen	properNoun	nor
Balsnes	properNoun	swe	Balsnes	properNoun	nor
Grahameana	properNoun	swe	Grahameana	properNoun	nor
Zemin	properNoun	swe	Zemin	properNoun	nor
Waag	properNoun	swe	Waag	properNoun	nor
Gaski	properNoun	swe	Gaski	properNoun	nor
Kähäri	properNoun	swe	Kähäri	properNoun	nor
Forbes	properNoun	swe	Forbes	properNoun	nor
Brabant	properNoun	swe	Brabant	properNoun	nor
Utsira	properNoun	swe	Utsira	properNoun	nor
Tegengren	properNoun	swe	Tegengren	properNoun	nor
Blair	properNoun	swe	Blair	properNoun	nor
Antti	properNoun	swe	Antti	properNoun	nor
Valle	properNoun	swe	Valle	properNoun	nor
Jack	properNoun	swe	Jack	properNoun	nor
Nea	properNoun	swe	Nea	properNoun	nor
Rimpeläinen	properNoun	swe	Rimpeläinen	properNoun	nor
Mujunen	properNoun	swe	Mujunen	properNoun	nor
Koster	properNoun	swe	Koster	properNoun	nor
Dåsnes	properNoun	swe	Dåsnes	properNoun	nor
Nuvttenjárga	properNoun	swe	Nuvttenjárga	properNoun	nor
Waal	properNoun	swe	Waal	properNoun	nor
Kelkka	properNoun	swe	Kelkka	properNoun	nor
Valli	properNoun	swe	Valli	properNoun	nor
Hestvik	properNoun	swe	Hestvik	properNoun	nor
Brekstad	properNoun	swe	Brekstad	properNoun	nor
Ibsen	properNoun	swe	Ibsen	properNoun	nor
Vitoria	properNoun	swe	Vitoria	properNoun	nor
Hanum	properNoun	swe	Hanum	properNoun	nor
Torgeirsen	properNoun	swe	Torgeirsen	properNoun	nor
Pousi	properNoun	swe	Pousi	properNoun	nor
Niemimaa	properNoun	swe	Niemimaa	properNoun	nor
Herrala	properNoun	swe	Herrala	properNoun	nor
Jonne	properNoun	swe	Jonne	properNoun	nor
Vieno	properNoun	swe	Vieno	properNoun	nor
Hämäläinen	properNoun	swe	Hämäläinen	properNoun	nor
Ahti	properNoun	swe	Ahti	properNoun	nor
Eilat	properNoun	swe	Eilat	properNoun	nor
Schie	properNoun	swe	Schie	properNoun	nor
Brøttum	properNoun	swe	Brøttum	properNoun	nor
Simpsons	properNoun	swe	Simpsons	properNoun	nor
Juffe	properNoun	swe	Juffe	properNoun	nor
Åna-Sira	properNoun	swe	Åna-Sira	properNoun	nor
Frederiksen	properNoun	swe	Frederiksen	properNoun	nor
Vallo	properNoun	swe	Vallo	properNoun	nor
Emanuel	properNoun	swe	Emanuel	properNoun	nor
Bertheusson	properNoun	swe	Bertheusson	properNoun	nor
Saigon	properNoun	swe	Saigon	properNoun	nor
Bjørkelangen	properNoun	swe	Bjørkelangen	properNoun	nor
Loyd	properNoun	swe	Loyd	properNoun	nor
Ahto	properNoun	swe	Ahto	properNoun	nor
Aberdeen	properNoun	swe	Aberdeen	properNoun	nor
Vekki	properNoun	swe	Vekki	properNoun	nor
Pulliainen	properNoun	swe	Pulliainen	properNoun	nor
Bielefeld	properNoun	swe	Bielefeld	properNoun	nor
Savilaakso	properNoun	swe	Savilaakso	properNoun	nor
Hernando	properNoun	swe	Hernando	properNoun	nor
Gunleik	properNoun	swe	Gunleik	properNoun	nor
Syversson	properNoun	swe	Syversson	properNoun	nor
Kannosto	properNoun	swe	Kannosto	properNoun	nor
Jokisaari	properNoun	swe	Jokisaari	properNoun	nor
Haimakainen	properNoun	swe	Haimakainen	properNoun	nor
Nes	properNoun	swe	Nes	properNoun	nor
Verviers	properNoun	swe	Verviers	properNoun	nor
Jomppanen	properNoun	swe	Jomppanen	properNoun	nor
Simeon	properNoun	swe	Simeon	properNoun	nor
Herakles	properNoun	swe	Herakles	properNoun	nor
Vally	properNoun	swe	Vally	properNoun	nor
Hjetland	properNoun	swe	Hjetland	properNoun	nor
Hallgren	properNoun	swe	Hallgren	properNoun	nor
Peder	properNoun	swe	Peder	properNoun	nor
Øie	properNoun	swe	Øie	properNoun	nor
Nord-Hålogaland	properNoun	swe	Nord-Hålogaland	properNoun	nor
Peltoniemi	properNoun	swe	Peltoniemi	properNoun	nor
New	properNoun	swe	New	properNoun	nor
Alstahaug	properNoun	swe	Alstahaug	properNoun	nor
Wikimedia	properNoun	swe	Wikimedia	properNoun	nor
Maurid	properNoun	swe	Maurid	properNoun	nor
Balla	properNoun	swe	Balla	properNoun	nor
Aufles	properNoun	swe	Aufles	properNoun	nor
Torvi	properNoun	swe	Torvi	properNoun	nor
Schjøtt	properNoun	swe	Schjøtt	properNoun	nor
Matomäki	properNoun	swe	Matomäki	properNoun	nor
Kivijoganjárga	properNoun	swe	Kivijoganjárga	properNoun	nor
Jonny	properNoun	swe	Jonny	properNoun	nor
Mihalkova	properNoun	swe	Mihalkova	properNoun	nor
Edvartsen	properNoun	swe	Edvartsen	properNoun	nor
Asllat	properNoun	swe	Asllat	properNoun	nor
Oula	properNoun	swe	Oula	properNoun	nor
Kaihua	properNoun	swe	Kaihua	properNoun	nor
Vygotsky	properNoun	swe	Vygotsky	properNoun	nor
Viisanen	properNoun	swe	Viisanen	properNoun	nor
Even	properNoun	swe	Even	properNoun	nor
Simma	properNoun	swe	Simma	properNoun	nor
Reima	properNoun	swe	Reima	properNoun	nor
Schjøtz	properNoun	swe	Schjøtz	properNoun	nor
Mákkáluokta	properNoun	swe	Mákkáluokta	properNoun	nor
Grøtan	properNoun	swe	Grøtan	properNoun	nor
Vestfjorden	properNoun	swe	Vestfjorden	properNoun	nor
Elna	properNoun	swe	Elna	properNoun	nor
Sad	properNoun	swe	Sad	properNoun	nor
Bortnen	properNoun	swe	Bortnen	properNoun	nor
Heggem	properNoun	swe	Heggem	properNoun	nor
Ole-Martin	properNoun	swe	Ole-Martin	properNoun	nor
Tsjekkoslovakia	properNoun	swe	Tsjekkoslovakia	properNoun	nor
Namsos	properNoun	swe	Namsos	properNoun	nor
Viikilä	properNoun	swe	Viikilä	properNoun	nor
Trifan	properNoun	swe	Trifan	properNoun	nor
Reime	properNoun	swe	Reime	properNoun	nor
Heggen	properNoun	swe	Heggen	properNoun	nor
Blütecher	properNoun	swe	Blütecher	properNoun	nor
Åmnes	properNoun	swe	Åmnes	properNoun	nor
Sandum	properNoun	swe	Sandum	properNoun	nor
Jerpseth	properNoun	swe	Jerpseth	properNoun	nor
Brynjar	properNoun	swe	Brynjar	properNoun	nor
Tippeligaen	properNoun	swe	Tippeligaen	properNoun	nor
Heusala	properNoun	swe	Heusala	properNoun	nor
Kreta	properNoun	swe	Kreta	properNoun	nor
Hatakka	properNoun	swe	Hatakka	properNoun	nor
Haaja	properNoun	swe	Haaja	properNoun	nor
Ballo	properNoun	swe	Ballo	properNoun	nor
Bakervik	properNoun	swe	Bakervik	properNoun	nor
Nivlheim	properNoun	swe	Nivlheim	properNoun	nor
Høygaard	properNoun	swe	Høygaard	properNoun	nor
Sam	properNoun	swe	Sam	properNoun	nor
Ulriksen	properNoun	swe	Ulriksen	properNoun	nor
San	properNoun	swe	San	properNoun	nor
Valkeapää	properNoun	swe	Valkeapää	properNoun	nor
Siljamäki	properNoun	swe	Siljamäki	properNoun	nor
Brooks	properNoun	swe	Brooks	properNoun	nor
Karius	properNoun	swe	Karius	properNoun	nor
Markkola	properNoun	swe	Markkola	properNoun	nor
Kyytsönen	properNoun	swe	Kyytsönen	properNoun	nor
Marinius	properNoun	swe	Marinius	properNoun	nor
Jergul	properNoun	swe	Jergul	properNoun	nor
Breslau	properNoun	swe	Breslau	properNoun	nor
Oulu	properNoun	swe	Oulu	properNoun	nor
Ceylon	properNoun	swe	Ceylon	properNoun	nor
Edinburgh	properNoun	swe	Edinburgh	properNoun	nor
Reims	properNoun	swe	Reims	properNoun	nor
Pippi	properNoun	swe	Pippi	properNoun	nor
Hamborg	properNoun	swe	Hamborg	properNoun	nor
Boknabákti	properNoun	swe	Boknabákti	properNoun	nor
Sigrunn	properNoun	swe	Sigrunn	properNoun	nor
Rosenkilde	properNoun	swe	Rosenkilde	properNoun	nor
Magellanstredet	properNoun	swe	Magellanstredet	properNoun	nor
Kontu	properNoun	swe	Kontu	properNoun	nor
Severine	properNoun	swe	Severine	properNoun	nor
Hebridene	properNoun	swe	Hebridene	properNoun	nor
Trøndel	properNoun	swe	Trøndel	properNoun	nor
Kananeus	properNoun	swe	Kananeus	properNoun	nor
Haltta	properNoun	swe	Haltta	properNoun	nor
Rolfsson	properNoun	swe	Rolfsson	properNoun	nor
Herbert	properNoun	swe	Herbert	properNoun	nor
Arla	properNoun	swe	Arla	properNoun	nor
Rounala	properNoun	swe	Rounala	properNoun	nor
Langlien	properNoun	swe	Langlien	properNoun	nor
Beate	properNoun	swe	Beate	properNoun	nor
Babur	properNoun	swe	Babur	properNoun	nor
Munchmuseet	properNoun	swe	Munchmuseet	properNoun	nor
Kirmanen	properNoun	swe	Kirmanen	properNoun	nor
Ronkanen	properNoun	swe	Ronkanen	properNoun	nor
Helgeroa	properNoun	swe	Helgeroa	properNoun	nor
Borlaug	properNoun	swe	Borlaug	properNoun	nor
Bilbao	properNoun	swe	Bilbao	properNoun	nor
Guhttorvárri	properNoun	swe	Guhttorvárri	properNoun	nor
Ketil	properNoun	swe	Ketil	properNoun	nor
Citroën	properNoun	swe	Citroën	properNoun	nor
Skjerping	properNoun	swe	Skjerping	properNoun	nor
Knivskjellodden	properNoun	swe	Knivskjellodden	properNoun	nor
Farsund	properNoun	swe	Farsund	properNoun	nor
Sivertson	properNoun	swe	Sivertson	properNoun	nor
Hølaas	properNoun	swe	Hølaas	properNoun	nor
Bourdieu	properNoun	swe	Bourdieu	properNoun	nor
Metallica	properNoun	swe	Metallica	properNoun	nor
Kaartvedt	properNoun	swe	Kaartvedt	properNoun	nor
Tarunov	properNoun	swe	Tarunov	properNoun	nor
Neumünster	properNoun	swe	Neumünster	properNoun	nor
Hukkanen	properNoun	swe	Hukkanen	properNoun	nor
Finsen	properNoun	swe	Finsen	properNoun	nor
Poikajärvi	properNoun	swe	Poikajärvi	properNoun	nor
Hilonen	properNoun	swe	Hilonen	properNoun	nor
Dili	properNoun	swe	Dili	properNoun	nor
Francis	properNoun	swe	Francis	properNoun	nor
Pätäri	properNoun	swe	Pätäri	properNoun	nor
Pouta	properNoun	swe	Pouta	properNoun	nor
Mokko	properNoun	swe	Mokko	properNoun	nor
Clemmensen	properNoun	swe	Clemmensen	properNoun	nor
Hiroshima	properNoun	swe	Hiroshima	properNoun	nor
Loukiainen	properNoun	swe	Loukiainen	properNoun	nor
Siril	properNoun	swe	Siril	properNoun	nor
Rachel	properNoun	swe	Rachel	properNoun	nor
Qvænsk	properNoun	swe	Qvænsk	properNoun	nor
Værksted	properNoun	swe	Værksted	properNoun	nor
Forsand	properNoun	swe	Forsand	properNoun	nor
Zachariassen	properNoun	swe	Zachariassen	properNoun	nor
Tsjernigov	properNoun	swe	Tsjernigov	properNoun	nor
Fyhn	properNoun	swe	Fyhn	properNoun	nor
Tatra	properNoun	swe	Tatra	properNoun	nor
Zjivkov	properNoun	swe	Zjivkov	properNoun	nor
Talgje	properNoun	swe	Talgje	properNoun	nor
Nahkiaisoja	properNoun	swe	Nahkiaisoja	properNoun	nor
Halttu	properNoun	swe	Halttu	properNoun	nor
Valdres	properNoun	swe	Valdres	properNoun	nor
Olafson	properNoun	swe	Olafson	properNoun	nor
Palo	properNoun	swe	Palo	properNoun	nor
Hagelsteen	properNoun	swe	Hagelsteen	properNoun	nor
Morten	properNoun	swe	Morten	properNoun	nor
Alestalo	properNoun	swe	Alestalo	properNoun	nor
Ariane	properNoun	swe	Ariane	properNoun	nor
Kassettavgiftsfondet	properNoun	swe	Kassettavgiftsfondet	properNoun	nor
Sigfredčievra	properNoun	swe	Sigfredčievra	properNoun	nor
Vats	properNoun	swe	Vats	properNoun	nor
Dionysios	properNoun	swe	Dionysios	properNoun	nor
Jakobselv	properNoun	swe	Jakobselv	properNoun	nor
Spears	properNoun	swe	Spears	properNoun	nor
Eskil	properNoun	swe	Eskil	properNoun	nor
Partenon	properNoun	swe	Partenon	properNoun	nor
Gudny	properNoun	swe	Gudny	properNoun	nor
Rødberg	properNoun	swe	Rødberg	properNoun	nor
Xiao	properNoun	swe	Xiao	properNoun	nor
Ipin	properNoun	swe	Ipin	properNoun	nor
Wist	properNoun	swe	Wist	properNoun	nor
Uttian	properNoun	swe	Uttian	properNoun	nor
Ellemann	properNoun	swe	Ellemann	properNoun	nor
Rørtveit	properNoun	swe	Rørtveit	properNoun	nor
Haugerudbråten	properNoun	swe	Haugerudbråten	properNoun	nor
Åkerlund	properNoun	swe	Åkerlund	properNoun	nor
Peltokorpi	properNoun	swe	Peltokorpi	properNoun	nor
Grønstad	properNoun	swe	Grønstad	properNoun	nor
Vibeke	properNoun	swe	Vibeke	properNoun	nor
Leirfjord	properNoun	swe	Leirfjord	properNoun	nor
Birger	properNoun	swe	Birger	properNoun	nor
Hasselbrink	properNoun	swe	Hasselbrink	properNoun	nor
Holmlia	properNoun	swe	Holmlia	properNoun	nor
Reistad	properNoun	swe	Reistad	properNoun	nor
Mortenssen	properNoun	swe	Mortenssen	properNoun	nor
Lisačomat	properNoun	swe	Lisačomat	properNoun	nor
Leskelä	properNoun	swe	Leskelä	properNoun	nor
Fellmann	properNoun	swe	Fellmann	properNoun	nor
Løberg	properNoun	swe	Løberg	properNoun	nor
Pyöriä	properNoun	swe	Pyöriä	properNoun	nor
Jægervann	properNoun	swe	Jægervann	properNoun	nor
Haahti	properNoun	swe	Haahti	properNoun	nor
Gaius	properNoun	swe	Gaius	properNoun	nor
Sundgren	properNoun	swe	Sundgren	properNoun	nor
Holmlie	properNoun	swe	Holmlie	properNoun	nor
Bakholt	properNoun	swe	Bakholt	properNoun	nor
Majken	properNoun	swe	Majken	properNoun	nor
Ingebrigtson	properNoun	swe	Ingebrigtson	properNoun	nor
Mikalson	properNoun	swe	Mikalson	properNoun	nor
Verdande	properNoun	swe	Verdande	properNoun	nor
Parta	properNoun	swe	Parta	properNoun	nor
Hauhia	properNoun	swe	Hauhia	properNoun	nor
Haugland	properNoun	swe	Haugland	properNoun	nor
Mohn	properNoun	swe	Mohn	properNoun	nor
Annukka	properNoun	swe	Annukka	properNoun	nor
a-ha	properNoun	swe	a-ha	properNoun	nor
Quimper	properNoun	swe	Quimper	properNoun	nor
Saltrød	properNoun	swe	Saltrød	properNoun	nor
Riekkola	properNoun	swe	Riekkola	properNoun	nor
Resen	properNoun	swe	Resen	properNoun	nor
Geia	properNoun	swe	Geia	properNoun	nor
Biijá	properNoun	swe	Biijá	properNoun	nor
Don	properNoun	swe	Don	properNoun	nor
Tirol	properNoun	swe	Tirol	properNoun	nor
Veteli	properNoun	swe	Veteli	properNoun	nor
Mohr	properNoun	swe	Mohr	properNoun	nor
Kuhanen	properNoun	swe	Kuhanen	properNoun	nor
Simenssen	properNoun	swe	Simenssen	properNoun	nor
Rakkolainen	properNoun	swe	Rakkolainen	properNoun	nor
Mannermaa	properNoun	swe	Mannermaa	properNoun	nor
Letov	properNoun	swe	Letov	properNoun	nor
Ivvárjohka	properNoun	swe	Ivvárjohka	properNoun	nor
Giscard	properNoun	swe	Giscard	properNoun	nor
Knudssen	properNoun	swe	Knudssen	properNoun	nor
Wollan	properNoun	swe	Wollan	properNoun	nor
Frøseth	properNoun	swe	Frøseth	properNoun	nor
Jusse	properNoun	swe	Jusse	properNoun	nor
Alexander	properNoun	swe	Alexander	properNoun	nor
Karlsson	properNoun	swe	Karlsson	properNoun	nor
Hamarøy	properNoun	swe	Hamarøy	properNoun	nor
Neanjunni	properNoun	swe	Neanjunni	properNoun	nor
Reine	properNoun	swe	Reine	properNoun	nor
Masfjorden	properNoun	swe	Masfjorden	properNoun	nor
Meknès	properNoun	swe	Meknès	properNoun	nor
Stjern	properNoun	swe	Stjern	properNoun	nor
Aalberg	properNoun	swe	Aalberg	properNoun	nor
Jussi	properNoun	swe	Jussi	properNoun	nor
Tronson	properNoun	swe	Tronson	properNoun	nor
Hutters	properNoun	swe	Hutters	properNoun	nor
Reini	properNoun	swe	Reini	properNoun	nor
Espen	properNoun	swe	Espen	properNoun	nor
Trudgill	properNoun	swe	Trudgill	properNoun	nor
Purho	properNoun	swe	Purho	properNoun	nor
Reithaug	properNoun	swe	Reithaug	properNoun	nor
Hopland	properNoun	swe	Hopland	properNoun	nor
Melea	properNoun	swe	Melea	properNoun	nor
Skjenneberg	properNoun	swe	Skjenneberg	properNoun	nor
Kullander	properNoun	swe	Kullander	properNoun	nor
Folkmann	properNoun	swe	Folkmann	properNoun	nor
Reino	properNoun	swe	Reino	properNoun	nor
Elon	properNoun	swe	Elon	properNoun	nor
Ruusumaa-Altti	properNoun	swe	Ruusumaa-Altti	properNoun	nor
Paronen	properNoun	swe	Paronen	properNoun	nor
Kopparberg	properNoun	swe	Kopparberg	properNoun	nor
Geir	properNoun	swe	Geir	properNoun	nor
Sandvika	properNoun	swe	Sandvika	properNoun	nor
Schønning	properNoun	swe	Schønning	properNoun	nor
Adolfson	properNoun	swe	Adolfson	properNoun	nor
Suoknuuti	properNoun	swe	Suoknuuti	properNoun	nor
Tunsberg	properNoun	swe	Tunsberg	properNoun	nor
Ottosen	properNoun	swe	Ottosen	properNoun	nor
Magyar	properNoun	swe	Magyar	properNoun	nor
Pyrhönen	properNoun	swe	Pyrhönen	properNoun	nor
Kolltveit	properNoun	swe	Kolltveit	properNoun	nor
Bomhoff	properNoun	swe	Bomhoff	properNoun	nor
Kauko	properNoun	swe	Kauko	properNoun	nor
Väljä	properNoun	swe	Väljä	properNoun	nor
Launiainen	properNoun	swe	Launiainen	properNoun	nor
Heininen	properNoun	swe	Heininen	properNoun	nor
Vangsik	properNoun	swe	Vangsik	properNoun	nor
Morokulien	properNoun	swe	Morokulien	properNoun	nor
Fladmark	properNoun	swe	Fladmark	properNoun	nor
Melek	properNoun	swe	Melek	properNoun	nor
Grua	properNoun	swe	Grua	properNoun	nor
Gullberg	properNoun	swe	Gullberg	properNoun	nor
Iskkon	properNoun	swe	Iskkon	properNoun	nor
Grue	properNoun	swe	Grue	properNoun	nor
Skaffari	properNoun	swe	Skaffari	properNoun	nor
Birketveit	properNoun	swe	Birketveit	properNoun	nor
Talbot	properNoun	swe	Talbot	properNoun	nor
Qatar	properNoun	swe	Qatar	properNoun	nor
Bikkejohka	properNoun	swe	Bikkejohka	properNoun	nor
Tingelstad	properNoun	swe	Tingelstad	properNoun	nor
Hyttinen	properNoun	swe	Hyttinen	properNoun	nor
Tapani	properNoun	swe	Tapani	properNoun	nor
Gállágáibbejohka	properNoun	swe	Gállágáibbejohka	properNoun	nor
Vaud	properNoun	swe	Vaud	properNoun	nor
Armi	properNoun	swe	Armi	properNoun	nor
Tanhua	properNoun	swe	Tanhua	properNoun	nor
Pulakka	properNoun	swe	Pulakka	properNoun	nor
Orlov	properNoun	swe	Orlov	properNoun	nor
Aarestrup	properNoun	swe	Aarestrup	properNoun	nor
Koranen	properNoun	swe	Koranen	properNoun	nor
Sorri	properNoun	swe	Sorri	properNoun	nor
Kaistinen	properNoun	swe	Kaistinen	properNoun	nor
Krøderen	properNoun	swe	Krøderen	properNoun	nor
Marja-Riitta	properNoun	swe	Marja-Riitta	properNoun	nor
Tenhonen	properNoun	swe	Tenhonen	properNoun	nor
Heimly	properNoun	swe	Heimly	properNoun	nor
Fjære	properNoun	swe	Fjære	properNoun	nor
Bobby	properNoun	swe	Bobby	properNoun	nor
Ural	properNoun	swe	Ural	properNoun	nor
Glomma	properNoun	swe	Glomma	properNoun	nor
Tähkä	properNoun	swe	Tähkä	properNoun	nor
Øvrum	properNoun	swe	Øvrum	properNoun	nor
Kliving	properNoun	swe	Kliving	properNoun	nor
Levinson	properNoun	swe	Levinson	properNoun	nor
Apmot	properNoun	swe	Apmot	properNoun	nor
Sjur	properNoun	swe	Sjur	properNoun	nor
Anne-Karin	properNoun	swe	Anne-Karin	properNoun	nor
Varjus	properNoun	swe	Varjus	properNoun	nor
Lahikainen	properNoun	swe	Lahikainen	properNoun	nor
Grut	properNoun	swe	Grut	properNoun	nor
Boone	properNoun	swe	Boone	properNoun	nor
Hardangervidda	properNoun	swe	Hardangervidda	properNoun	nor
With	properNoun	swe	With	properNoun	nor
Westgaard	properNoun	swe	Westgaard	properNoun	nor
Nistad	properNoun	swe	Nistad	properNoun	nor
Honda	properNoun	swe	Honda	properNoun	nor
Vakhrushev	properNoun	swe	Vakhrushev	properNoun	nor
Kortesoja	properNoun	swe	Kortesoja	properNoun	nor
Tustna	properNoun	swe	Tustna	properNoun	nor
Tiippana	properNoun	swe	Tiippana	properNoun	nor
Laura	properNoun	swe	Laura	properNoun	nor
Sejersen	properNoun	swe	Sejersen	properNoun	nor
Victoriagoržžit	properNoun	swe	Victoriagoržžit	properNoun	nor
Lávre	properNoun	swe	Lávre	properNoun	nor
Thorhild	properNoun	swe	Thorhild	properNoun	nor
Ford	properNoun	swe	Ford	properNoun	nor
Presterud	properNoun	swe	Presterud	properNoun	nor
Army	properNoun	swe	Army	properNoun	nor
Niillá	properNoun	swe	Niillá	properNoun	nor
Miami	properNoun	swe	Miami	properNoun	nor
Oikarainen	properNoun	swe	Oikarainen	properNoun	nor
Aspelund	properNoun	swe	Aspelund	properNoun	nor
Laitinen	properNoun	swe	Laitinen	properNoun	nor
Hánsá	properNoun	swe	Hánsá	properNoun	nor
Tuupainen	properNoun	swe	Tuupainen	properNoun	nor
Skjoldtun	properNoun	swe	Skjoldtun	properNoun	nor
Kuivasalmi	properNoun	swe	Kuivasalmi	properNoun	nor
Hellstad	properNoun	swe	Hellstad	properNoun	nor
Marco	properNoun	swe	Marco	properNoun	nor
Hitler-Tyskland	properNoun	swe	Hitler-Tyskland	properNoun	nor
Skals	properNoun	swe	Skals	properNoun	nor
Emmanuel	properNoun	swe	Emmanuel	properNoun	nor
Kanton	properNoun	swe	Kanton	properNoun	nor
Olasson	properNoun	swe	Olasson	properNoun	nor
Vaux	properNoun	swe	Vaux	properNoun	nor
Nihkul	properNoun	swe	Nihkul	properNoun	nor
Bratrein	properNoun	swe	Bratrein	properNoun	nor
Rásttoš	properNoun	swe	Rásttoš	properNoun	nor
Lauri	properNoun	swe	Lauri	properNoun	nor
Støre	properNoun	swe	Støre	properNoun	nor
Aronsen	properNoun	swe	Aronsen	properNoun	nor
Witt	properNoun	swe	Witt	properNoun	nor
Mylläri	properNoun	swe	Mylläri	properNoun	nor
Sverloff	properNoun	swe	Sverloff	properNoun	nor
Ollikka	properNoun	swe	Ollikka	properNoun	nor
Suominen	properNoun	swe	Suominen	properNoun	nor
Nikulainen	properNoun	swe	Nikulainen	properNoun	nor
Høybråten	properNoun	swe	Høybråten	properNoun	nor
Kuoljok	properNoun	swe	Kuoljok	properNoun	nor
Keskitalo	properNoun	swe	Keskitalo	properNoun	nor
Filpus	properNoun	swe	Filpus	properNoun	nor
Wimbledon	properNoun	swe	Wimbledon	properNoun	nor
Midt-Norge	properNoun	swe	Midt-Norge	properNoun	nor
Austrud	properNoun	swe	Austrud	properNoun	nor
Shefong	properNoun	swe	Shefong	properNoun	nor
Arkelaus	properNoun	swe	Arkelaus	properNoun	nor
Telnes	properNoun	swe	Telnes	properNoun	nor
Jäntti	properNoun	swe	Jäntti	properNoun	nor
Fors	properNoun	swe	Fors	properNoun	nor
Šlumpi	properNoun	swe	Šlumpi	properNoun	nor
Hallikas	properNoun	swe	Hallikas	properNoun	nor
Jakob	properNoun	swe	Jakob	properNoun	nor
Sagan	properNoun	swe	Sagan	properNoun	nor
Hasse	properNoun	swe	Hasse	properNoun	nor
Volotinen	properNoun	swe	Volotinen	properNoun	nor
Raymond	properNoun	swe	Raymond	properNoun	nor
Mantila	properNoun	swe	Mantila	properNoun	nor
Kloed	properNoun	swe	Kloed	properNoun	nor
Kolahalvøya	properNoun	swe	Kolahalvøya	properNoun	nor
Wangen	properNoun	swe	Wangen	properNoun	nor
Kosola	properNoun	swe	Kosola	properNoun	nor
Doneck	properNoun	swe	Doneck	properNoun	nor
Lappeteläinen	properNoun	swe	Lappeteläinen	properNoun	nor
Kainulainen	properNoun	swe	Kainulainen	properNoun	nor
Hassi	properNoun	swe	Hassi	properNoun	nor
Ikola	properNoun	swe	Ikola	properNoun	nor
Máhtegeavŋŋis	properNoun	swe	Máhtegeavŋŋis	properNoun	nor
Einarsen	properNoun	swe	Einarsen	properNoun	nor
Spellemannsprisen	properNoun	swe	Spellemannsprisen	properNoun	nor
Skjelnes	properNoun	swe	Skjelnes	properNoun	nor
Barekstad	properNoun	swe	Barekstad	properNoun	nor
Voutilainen	properNoun	swe	Voutilainen	properNoun	nor
Ånstad	properNoun	swe	Ånstad	properNoun	nor
Kinna	properNoun	swe	Kinna	properNoun	nor
Nelly	properNoun	swe	Nelly	properNoun	nor
Meri	properNoun	swe	Meri	properNoun	nor
Hankonen	properNoun	swe	Hankonen	properNoun	nor
Valeri	properNoun	swe	Valeri	properNoun	nor
Ashraf	properNoun	swe	Ashraf	properNoun	nor
Wedervang	properNoun	swe	Wedervang	properNoun	nor
Gabriela	properNoun	swe	Gabriela	properNoun	nor
Haltvik	properNoun	swe	Haltvik	properNoun	nor
Skjellbred	properNoun	swe	Skjellbred	properNoun	nor
Kalvemo	properNoun	swe	Kalvemo	properNoun	nor
Bergdahl	properNoun	swe	Bergdahl	properNoun	nor
Rasmusen	properNoun	swe	Rasmusen	properNoun	nor
Nicaragua	properNoun	swe	Nicaragua	properNoun	nor
Mero	properNoun	swe	Mero	properNoun	nor
Kääriä	properNoun	swe	Kääriä	properNoun	nor
Kleiven	properNoun	swe	Kleiven	properNoun	nor
Kinni	properNoun	swe	Kinni	properNoun	nor
Fannaråki	properNoun	swe	Fannaråki	properNoun	nor
Uusikartano	properNoun	swe	Uusikartano	properNoun	nor
Jakov	properNoun	swe	Jakov	properNoun	nor
Simon	properNoun	swe	Simon	properNoun	nor
Grytten	properNoun	swe	Grytten	properNoun	nor
Ila	properNoun	swe	Ila	properNoun	nor
Jergolnjavvi	properNoun	swe	Jergolnjavvi	properNoun	nor
Sundfør	properNoun	swe	Sundfør	properNoun	nor
Barman	properNoun	swe	Barman	properNoun	nor
Resita	properNoun	swe	Resita	properNoun	nor
Vandbakk	properNoun	swe	Vandbakk	properNoun	nor
Myntti	properNoun	swe	Myntti	properNoun	nor
Germanicus	properNoun	swe	Germanicus	properNoun	nor
Örbyhus	properNoun	swe	Örbyhus	properNoun	nor
Haraldsen	properNoun	swe	Haraldsen	properNoun	nor
Schive	properNoun	swe	Schive	properNoun	nor
Ravantti	properNoun	swe	Ravantti	properNoun	nor
Kaasalainen	properNoun	swe	Kaasalainen	properNoun	nor
Hulkkonen	properNoun	swe	Hulkkonen	properNoun	nor
Giessen	properNoun	swe	Giessen	properNoun	nor
Bobrikov	properNoun	swe	Bobrikov	properNoun	nor
Watchman	properNoun	swe	Watchman	properNoun	nor
Ili	properNoun	swe	Ili	properNoun	nor
Doresius	properNoun	swe	Doresius	properNoun	nor
Kim-Ove	properNoun	swe	Kim-Ove	properNoun	nor
Rosenbom	properNoun	swe	Rosenbom	properNoun	nor
Kallioinen	properNoun	swe	Kallioinen	properNoun	nor
Hyytiäinen	properNoun	swe	Hyytiäinen	properNoun	nor
Francke	properNoun	swe	Francke	properNoun	nor
Orchestra	properNoun	swe	Orchestra	properNoun	nor
Åsheim	properNoun	swe	Åsheim	properNoun	nor
Tokola	properNoun	swe	Tokola	properNoun	nor
Herttuainen	properNoun	swe	Herttuainen	properNoun	nor
Lillestrøm	properNoun	swe	Lillestrøm	properNoun	nor
Arna	properNoun	swe	Arna	properNoun	nor
Leivson	properNoun	swe	Leivson	properNoun	nor
Høylo	properNoun	swe	Høylo	properNoun	nor
Justisdepartmentet	properNoun	swe	Justisdepartmentet	properNoun	nor
Andresen	properNoun	swe	Andresen	properNoun	nor
Lamppu	properNoun	swe	Lamppu	properNoun	nor
Connecticut	properNoun	swe	Connecticut	properNoun	nor
Vestbirk	properNoun	swe	Vestbirk	properNoun	nor
Sorsa	properNoun	swe	Sorsa	properNoun	nor
Valter	properNoun	swe	Valter	properNoun	nor
Ilo	properNoun	swe	Ilo	properNoun	nor
Arne	properNoun	swe	Arne	properNoun	nor
Børgefjell	properNoun	swe	Børgefjell	properNoun	nor
Millaguoika	properNoun	swe	Millaguoika	properNoun	nor
Aashamar	properNoun	swe	Aashamar	properNoun	nor
Dina	properNoun	swe	Dina	properNoun	nor
Årum	properNoun	swe	Årum	properNoun	nor
Brekke	properNoun	swe	Brekke	properNoun	nor
Skjelderup	properNoun	swe	Skjelderup	properNoun	nor
Arni	properNoun	swe	Arni	properNoun	nor
Birkelund	properNoun	swe	Birkelund	properNoun	nor
Cape	properNoun	swe	Cape	properNoun	nor
Viitala	properNoun	swe	Viitala	properNoun	nor
Hiekkanen	properNoun	swe	Hiekkanen	properNoun	nor
Harvey	properNoun	swe	Harvey	properNoun	nor
Toamasina	properNoun	swe	Toamasina	properNoun	nor
Lilloe	properNoun	swe	Lilloe	properNoun	nor
Hjorting	properNoun	swe	Hjorting	properNoun	nor
Lazarus	properNoun	swe	Lazarus	properNoun	nor
Margaretha	properNoun	swe	Margaretha	properNoun	nor
Schaft	properNoun	swe	Schaft	properNoun	nor
Huuhka	properNoun	swe	Huuhka	properNoun	nor
Päivärinne	properNoun	swe	Päivärinne	properNoun	nor
Hindar	properNoun	swe	Hindar	properNoun	nor
Hebbelstrup	properNoun	swe	Hebbelstrup	properNoun	nor
Tveide	properNoun	swe	Tveide	properNoun	nor
Arno	properNoun	swe	Arno	properNoun	nor
Skjærstad	properNoun	swe	Skjærstad	properNoun	nor
Lyse	properNoun	swe	Lyse	properNoun	nor
Juntura	properNoun	swe	Juntura	properNoun	nor
Fransplass	properNoun	swe	Fransplass	properNoun	nor
Margarethe	properNoun	swe	Margarethe	properNoun	nor
Goffeng	properNoun	swe	Goffeng	properNoun	nor
Theoderik	properNoun	swe	Theoderik	properNoun	nor
Ingerd	properNoun	swe	Ingerd	properNoun	nor
Westerberg	properNoun	swe	Westerberg	properNoun	nor
Arnt	properNoun	swe	Arnt	properNoun	nor
Jakobstad	properNoun	swe	Jakobstad	properNoun	nor
Bugge	properNoun	swe	Bugge	properNoun	nor
Väyrynen	properNoun	swe	Väyrynen	properNoun	nor
Peräaho	properNoun	swe	Peräaho	properNoun	nor
Orrenmaa	properNoun	swe	Orrenmaa	properNoun	nor
Lampela	properNoun	swe	Lampela	properNoun	nor
Gunther	properNoun	swe	Gunther	properNoun	nor
Rivojen	properNoun	swe	Rivojen	properNoun	nor
Lorange	properNoun	swe	Lorange	properNoun	nor
Matero	properNoun	swe	Matero	properNoun	nor
Danae	properNoun	swe	Danae	properNoun	nor
Timur	properNoun	swe	Timur	properNoun	nor
Hadsel	properNoun	swe	Hadsel	properNoun	nor
Munukka	properNoun	swe	Munukka	properNoun	nor
Grønnbakk	properNoun	swe	Grønnbakk	properNoun	nor
Kvergjelme	properNoun	swe	Kvergjelme	properNoun	nor
Krogsæter	properNoun	swe	Krogsæter	properNoun	nor
Lintu	properNoun	swe	Lintu	properNoun	nor
Christrup	properNoun	swe	Christrup	properNoun	nor
Clara	properNoun	swe	Clara	properNoun	nor
Åhrén	properNoun	swe	Åhrén	properNoun	nor
Törönen	properNoun	swe	Törönen	properNoun	nor
Sihto	properNoun	swe	Sihto	properNoun	nor
Lillebo	properNoun	swe	Lillebo	properNoun	nor
Didrikson	properNoun	swe	Didrikson	properNoun	nor
Tastula	properNoun	swe	Tastula	properNoun	nor
Ole-Johan	properNoun	swe	Ole-Johan	properNoun	nor
Kai-Rune	properNoun	swe	Kai-Rune	properNoun	nor
Zaire	properNoun	swe	Zaire	properNoun	nor
Bertheuson	properNoun	swe	Bertheuson	properNoun	nor
Kvaal	properNoun	swe	Kvaal	properNoun	nor
Gobi	properNoun	swe	Gobi	properNoun	nor
Feodotov	properNoun	swe	Feodotov	properNoun	nor
Hodne	properNoun	swe	Hodne	properNoun	nor
Clark	properNoun	swe	Clark	properNoun	nor
Cassandra	properNoun	swe	Cassandra	properNoun	nor
Simers	properNoun	swe	Simers	properNoun	nor
Pihala	properNoun	swe	Pihala	properNoun	nor
Lilleby	properNoun	swe	Lilleby	properNoun	nor
Bruce	properNoun	swe	Bruce	properNoun	nor
Huovinen	properNoun	swe	Huovinen	properNoun	nor
Nuvttejávrrit	properNoun	swe	Nuvttejávrrit	properNoun	nor
Boabdil	properNoun	swe	Boabdil	properNoun	nor
Statfjord	properNoun	swe	Statfjord	properNoun	nor
Investa	properNoun	swe	Investa	properNoun	nor
Suleiman	properNoun	swe	Suleiman	properNoun	nor
Bruch	properNoun	swe	Bruch	properNoun	nor
Nikko	properNoun	swe	Nikko	properNoun	nor
Arthur	properNoun	swe	Arthur	properNoun	nor
Klotshkova	properNoun	swe	Klotshkova	properNoun	nor
Ala-Riesto	properNoun	swe	Ala-Riesto	properNoun	nor
Rønningen	properNoun	swe	Rønningen	properNoun	nor
Feilberg	properNoun	swe	Feilberg	properNoun	nor
Florida	properNoun	swe	Florida	properNoun	nor
Reiten	properNoun	swe	Reiten	properNoun	nor
Rasdal	properNoun	swe	Rasdal	properNoun	nor
Tubal	properNoun	swe	Tubal	properNoun	nor
Schlüter	properNoun	swe	Schlüter	properNoun	nor
Sidsel	properNoun	swe	Sidsel	properNoun	nor
NASA	properNoun	swe	NASA	properNoun	nor
Veisten	properNoun	swe	Veisten	properNoun	nor
Teig	properNoun	swe	Teig	properNoun	nor
Nikku	properNoun	swe	Nikku	properNoun	nor
Betuel	properNoun	swe	Betuel	properNoun	nor
Butte	properNoun	swe	Butte	properNoun	nor
Karasti	properNoun	swe	Karasti	properNoun	nor
Biret-Elle	properNoun	swe	Biret-Elle	properNoun	nor
Slumstrup	properNoun	swe	Slumstrup	properNoun	nor
Gudbjørg	properNoun	swe	Gudbjørg	properNoun	nor
Sefar	properNoun	swe	Sefar	properNoun	nor
Sigrun	properNoun	swe	Sigrun	properNoun	nor
Hofstad	properNoun	swe	Hofstad	properNoun	nor
Kristola	properNoun	swe	Kristola	properNoun	nor
Lundgaard	properNoun	swe	Lundgaard	properNoun	nor
Kemiläinen	properNoun	swe	Kemiläinen	properNoun	nor
Vietnam	properNoun	swe	Vietnam	properNoun	nor
Simonæs	properNoun	swe	Simonæs	properNoun	nor
Eigil	properNoun	swe	Eigil	properNoun	nor
Renathe	properNoun	swe	Renathe	properNoun	nor
Ima	properNoun	swe	Ima	properNoun	nor
Gundersen	properNoun	swe	Gundersen	properNoun	nor
Käsnänen	properNoun	swe	Käsnänen	properNoun	nor
Alfhild	properNoun	swe	Alfhild	properNoun	nor
Jannick	properNoun	swe	Jannick	properNoun	nor
Anfinsen	properNoun	swe	Anfinsen	properNoun	nor
Mariel	properNoun	swe	Mariel	properNoun	nor
Nærbø	properNoun	swe	Nærbø	properNoun	nor
Manchuria	properNoun	swe	Manchuria	properNoun	nor
Yrjänäinen	properNoun	swe	Yrjänäinen	properNoun	nor
Jylland	properNoun	swe	Jylland	properNoun	nor
Dønna	properNoun	swe	Dønna	properNoun	nor
Svatsum	properNoun	swe	Svatsum	properNoun	nor
Kinos	properNoun	swe	Kinos	properNoun	nor
Helnes	properNoun	swe	Helnes	properNoun	nor
Jørgenssen	properNoun	swe	Jørgenssen	properNoun	nor
Mustalahti	properNoun	swe	Mustalahti	properNoun	nor
Sverre	properNoun	swe	Sverre	properNoun	nor
Gihtejávri	properNoun	swe	Gihtejávri	properNoun	nor
Tuomi	properNoun	swe	Tuomi	properNoun	nor
Suuriniemi	properNoun	swe	Suuriniemi	properNoun	nor
Sotkasiira	properNoun	swe	Sotkasiira	properNoun	nor
Köykkä	properNoun	swe	Köykkä	properNoun	nor
Sandseter	properNoun	swe	Sandseter	properNoun	nor
Pontoppidan	properNoun	swe	Pontoppidan	properNoun	nor
Lauronen	properNoun	swe	Lauronen	properNoun	nor
Åland	properNoun	swe	Åland	properNoun	nor
Samuelsson	properNoun	swe	Samuelsson	properNoun	nor
Skarvik	properNoun	swe	Skarvik	properNoun	nor
Findus	properNoun	swe	Findus	properNoun	nor
Schiørn	properNoun	swe	Schiørn	properNoun	nor
Besseggen	properNoun	swe	Besseggen	properNoun	nor
Tuomo	properNoun	swe	Tuomo	properNoun	nor
Clausson	properNoun	swe	Clausson	properNoun	nor
Kukka	properNoun	swe	Kukka	properNoun	nor
Humaloja	properNoun	swe	Humaloja	properNoun	nor
Eilef	properNoun	swe	Eilef	properNoun	nor
Vefsn	properNoun	swe	Vefsn	properNoun	nor
Hustoft	properNoun	swe	Hustoft	properNoun	nor
Sydow	properNoun	swe	Sydow	properNoun	nor
L'Aquila	properNoun	swe	L'Aquila	properNoun	nor
Hustveit	properNoun	swe	Hustveit	properNoun	nor
Aron	properNoun	swe	Aron	properNoun	nor
Vilgunn	properNoun	swe	Vilgunn	properNoun	nor
Béla	properNoun	swe	Béla	properNoun	nor
Sissonen	properNoun	swe	Sissonen	properNoun	nor
Kuittinen	properNoun	swe	Kuittinen	properNoun	nor
Hakalahti	properNoun	swe	Hakalahti	properNoun	nor
Autere	properNoun	swe	Autere	properNoun	nor
Vieri	properNoun	swe	Vieri	properNoun	nor
Inkinen	properNoun	swe	Inkinen	properNoun	nor
Gjengseth	properNoun	swe	Gjengseth	properNoun	nor
Boxberger	properNoun	swe	Boxberger	properNoun	nor
Bjursted	properNoun	swe	Bjursted	properNoun	nor
Ingjerd	properNoun	swe	Ingjerd	properNoun	nor
Malvik	properNoun	swe	Malvik	properNoun	nor
Braut	properNoun	swe	Braut	properNoun	nor
Dragvoll	properNoun	swe	Dragvoll	properNoun	nor
Dion	properNoun	swe	Dion	properNoun	nor
Monssen	properNoun	swe	Monssen	properNoun	nor
Bardufoss	properNoun	swe	Bardufoss	properNoun	nor
Kiel	properNoun	swe	Kiel	properNoun	nor
Malvin	properNoun	swe	Malvin	properNoun	nor
KUD	properNoun	swe	KUD	properNoun	nor
Jonsen	properNoun	swe	Jonsen	properNoun	nor
Thomson	properNoun	swe	Thomson	properNoun	nor
Wulfsberg	properNoun	swe	Wulfsberg	properNoun	nor
Ratia	properNoun	swe	Ratia	properNoun	nor
Mjøsa	properNoun	swe	Mjøsa	properNoun	nor
Søbstad	properNoun	swe	Søbstad	properNoun	nor
Hennseid	properNoun	swe	Hennseid	properNoun	nor
Eiler	properNoun	swe	Eiler	properNoun	nor
Airikka	properNoun	swe	Airikka	properNoun	nor
Averøy	properNoun	swe	Averøy	properNoun	nor
Potinkara	properNoun	swe	Potinkara	properNoun	nor
Otterstad	properNoun	swe	Otterstad	properNoun	nor
Lysklætt	properNoun	swe	Lysklætt	properNoun	nor
Kukko	properNoun	swe	Kukko	properNoun	nor
Adenbukta	properNoun	swe	Adenbukta	properNoun	nor
Kuparinen	properNoun	swe	Kuparinen	properNoun	nor
Harlow	properNoun	swe	Harlow	properNoun	nor
Flindt	properNoun	swe	Flindt	properNoun	nor
Dybvik	properNoun	swe	Dybvik	properNoun	nor
Kier	properNoun	swe	Kier	properNoun	nor
Scholten	properNoun	swe	Scholten	properNoun	nor
Fredberg	properNoun	swe	Fredberg	properNoun	nor
Autero	properNoun	swe	Autero	properNoun	nor
Finnskogen	properNoun	swe	Finnskogen	properNoun	nor
Maren	properNoun	swe	Maren	properNoun	nor
Bendiksen	properNoun	swe	Bendiksen	properNoun	nor
MacDonnell	properNoun	swe	MacDonnell	properNoun	nor
Heilevang	properNoun	swe	Heilevang	properNoun	nor
Gihteluoppal	properNoun	swe	Gihteluoppal	properNoun	nor
Demant	properNoun	swe	Demant	properNoun	nor
Cortsen	properNoun	swe	Cortsen	properNoun	nor
Vestnes	properNoun	swe	Vestnes	properNoun	nor
Kiev	properNoun	swe	Kiev	properNoun	nor
Torell	properNoun	swe	Torell	properNoun	nor
Sjivkov	properNoun	swe	Sjivkov	properNoun	nor
Haapanen	properNoun	swe	Haapanen	properNoun	nor
Geving	properNoun	swe	Geving	properNoun	nor
Behkká	properNoun	swe	Behkká	properNoun	nor
Severin	properNoun	swe	Severin	properNoun	nor
Suortti	properNoun	swe	Suortti	properNoun	nor
Kiimalainen	properNoun	swe	Kiimalainen	properNoun	nor
Kolbein	properNoun	swe	Kolbein	properNoun	nor
Hylland	properNoun	swe	Hylland	properNoun	nor
Naruto	properNoun	swe	Naruto	properNoun	nor
Zoia	properNoun	swe	Zoia	properNoun	nor
Tvedt	properNoun	swe	Tvedt	properNoun	nor
Mörsky	properNoun	swe	Mörsky	properNoun	nor
Inari	properNoun	swe	Inari	properNoun	nor
Nordrum	properNoun	swe	Nordrum	properNoun	nor
Toledo	properNoun	swe	Toledo	properNoun	nor
Langstein	properNoun	swe	Langstein	properNoun	nor
Linux	properNoun	swe	Linux	properNoun	nor
Lipsonen	properNoun	swe	Lipsonen	properNoun	nor
Knuuttila	properNoun	swe	Knuuttila	properNoun	nor
Pajamäki	properNoun	swe	Pajamäki	properNoun	nor
Karonen	properNoun	swe	Karonen	properNoun	nor
Hokkanen	properNoun	swe	Hokkanen	properNoun	nor
Dybdal	properNoun	swe	Dybdal	properNoun	nor
Assen	properNoun	swe	Assen	properNoun	nor
Asgeir	properNoun	swe	Asgeir	properNoun	nor
Sandviken	properNoun	swe	Sandviken	properNoun	nor
Jauho	properNoun	swe	Jauho	properNoun	nor
Eicher	properNoun	swe	Eicher	properNoun	nor
Løveid	properNoun	swe	Løveid	properNoun	nor
Leikas	properNoun	swe	Leikas	properNoun	nor
Kvænsk	properNoun	swe	Kvænsk	properNoun	nor
Atlanteren	properNoun	swe	Atlanteren	properNoun	nor
Tales	properNoun	swe	Tales	properNoun	nor
Friberg	properNoun	swe	Friberg	properNoun	nor
Takkula	properNoun	swe	Takkula	properNoun	nor
Pihlainen	properNoun	swe	Pihlainen	properNoun	nor
Knag	properNoun	swe	Knag	properNoun	nor
Ismailiya	properNoun	swe	Ismailiya	properNoun	nor
Abiram	properNoun	swe	Abiram	properNoun	nor
Fanny	properNoun	swe	Fanny	properNoun	nor
Ingebretson	properNoun	swe	Ingebretson	properNoun	nor
Tirri	properNoun	swe	Tirri	properNoun	nor
Eitorn	properNoun	swe	Eitorn	properNoun	nor
WordPerfect	properNoun	swe	WordPerfect	properNoun	nor
Wilsgård	properNoun	swe	Wilsgård	properNoun	nor
L'Orange	properNoun	swe	L'Orange	properNoun	nor
Taliban	properNoun	swe	Taliban	properNoun	nor
Sea	properNoun	swe	Sea	properNoun	nor
Støtt	properNoun	swe	Støtt	properNoun	nor
Tampere	properNoun	swe	Tampere	properNoun	nor
Rabbi	properNoun	swe	Rabbi	properNoun	nor
Lautz	properNoun	swe	Lautz	properNoun	nor
Abbas	properNoun	swe	Abbas	properNoun	nor
Normann	properNoun	swe	Normann	properNoun	nor
Krook	properNoun	swe	Krook	properNoun	nor
Knap	properNoun	swe	Knap	properNoun	nor
Gnags	properNoun	swe	Gnags	properNoun	nor
Fanebust	properNoun	swe	Fanebust	properNoun	nor
Demas	properNoun	swe	Demas	properNoun	nor
Gether	properNoun	swe	Gether	properNoun	nor
Leontin	properNoun	swe	Leontin	properNoun	nor
Heiselberg	properNoun	swe	Heiselberg	properNoun	nor
Weiseth	properNoun	swe	Weiseth	properNoun	nor
Uusi-Illikainen	properNoun	swe	Uusi-Illikainen	properNoun	nor
Sirgurđur	properNoun	swe	Sirgurđur	properNoun	nor
Linné	properNoun	swe	Linné	properNoun	nor
Koivula	properNoun	swe	Koivula	properNoun	nor
Sel	properNoun	swe	Sel	properNoun	nor
Fjordane	properNoun	swe	Fjordane	properNoun	nor
Rantio	properNoun	swe	Rantio	properNoun	nor
Orvin	properNoun	swe	Orvin	properNoun	nor
Lapinlampi	properNoun	swe	Lapinlampi	properNoun	nor
Skjerstad	properNoun	swe	Skjerstad	properNoun	nor
Sem	properNoun	swe	Sem	properNoun	nor
Périgord	properNoun	swe	Périgord	properNoun	nor
Nordmøre	properNoun	swe	Nordmøre	properNoun	nor
Leistad	properNoun	swe	Leistad	properNoun	nor
Ina	properNoun	swe	Ina	properNoun	nor
Tejo	properNoun	swe	Tejo	properNoun	nor
Skappel	properNoun	swe	Skappel	properNoun	nor
Hirviniemi	properNoun	swe	Hirviniemi	properNoun	nor
Piaskainen	properNoun	swe	Piaskainen	properNoun	nor
Kotilainen	properNoun	swe	Kotilainen	properNoun	nor
Inc	properNoun	swe	Inc	properNoun	nor
Løvlien	properNoun	swe	Løvlien	properNoun	nor
Queen	properNoun	swe	Queen	properNoun	nor
Ibsen-ringen	properNoun	swe	Ibsen-ringen	properNoun	nor
Sevilla	properNoun	swe	Sevilla	properNoun	nor
Set	properNoun	swe	Set	properNoun	nor
Pirhonen	properNoun	swe	Pirhonen	properNoun	nor
Kitinoja	properNoun	swe	Kitinoja	properNoun	nor
Ine	properNoun	swe	Ine	properNoun	nor
Hurdal	properNoun	swe	Hurdal	properNoun	nor
Vorren	properNoun	swe	Vorren	properNoun	nor
Ruoppajohka	properNoun	swe	Ruoppajohka	properNoun	nor
Torød	properNoun	swe	Torød	properNoun	nor
Audnedal	properNoun	swe	Audnedal	properNoun	nor
Virkkunen	properNoun	swe	Virkkunen	properNoun	nor
Stol	properNoun	swe	Stol	properNoun	nor
Henddovággi	properNoun	swe	Henddovággi	properNoun	nor
Ánnejávri	properNoun	swe	Ánnejávri	properNoun	nor
Norlund	properNoun	swe	Norlund	properNoun	nor
Aulestad	properNoun	swe	Aulestad	properNoun	nor
Stavset	properNoun	swe	Stavset	properNoun	nor
Metz	properNoun	swe	Metz	properNoun	nor
Rhode	properNoun	swe	Rhode	properNoun	nor
Brava	properNoun	swe	Brava	properNoun	nor
Papunen	properNoun	swe	Papunen	properNoun	nor
Svalbard	properNoun	swe	Svalbard	properNoun	nor
Klepp	properNoun	swe	Klepp	properNoun	nor
Levanger	properNoun	swe	Levanger	properNoun	nor
Arngrímur	properNoun	swe	Arngrímur	properNoun	nor
Aagot	properNoun	swe	Aagot	properNoun	nor
Blanc	properNoun	swe	Blanc	properNoun	nor
Puhto	properNoun	swe	Puhto	properNoun	nor
Inn	properNoun	swe	Inn	properNoun	nor
Waaler	properNoun	swe	Waaler	properNoun	nor
Nuvtte	properNoun	swe	Nuvtte	properNoun	nor
Gjendesheim	properNoun	swe	Gjendesheim	properNoun	nor
Sirma	properNoun	swe	Sirma	properNoun	nor
Kiiskinen	properNoun	swe	Kiiskinen	properNoun	nor
Dannevang	properNoun	swe	Dannevang	properNoun	nor
Koskenniemi	properNoun	swe	Koskenniemi	properNoun	nor
Hegtun	properNoun	swe	Hegtun	properNoun	nor
Torodd	properNoun	swe	Torodd	properNoun	nor
Hjalmar	properNoun	swe	Hjalmar	properNoun	nor
Sophus	properNoun	swe	Sophus	properNoun	nor
Rahkala	properNoun	swe	Rahkala	properNoun	nor
Jochumsen	properNoun	swe	Jochumsen	properNoun	nor
Gilboe	properNoun	swe	Gilboe	properNoun	nor
Ekendahl	properNoun	swe	Ekendahl	properNoun	nor
Singapore	properNoun	swe	Singapore	properNoun	nor
Svennson	properNoun	swe	Svennson	properNoun	nor
Čirri-Ánne	properNoun	swe	Čirri-Ánne	properNoun	nor
Libreville	properNoun	swe	Libreville	properNoun	nor
Nedstrand	properNoun	swe	Nedstrand	properNoun	nor
Qing	properNoun	swe	Qing	properNoun	nor
Amrafel	properNoun	swe	Amrafel	properNoun	nor
Alvdal	properNoun	swe	Alvdal	properNoun	nor
Great	properNoun	swe	Great	properNoun	nor
Kemilä	properNoun	swe	Kemilä	properNoun	nor
Hamnvik	properNoun	swe	Hamnvik	properNoun	nor
Adolfssen	properNoun	swe	Adolfssen	properNoun	nor
Brårud	properNoun	swe	Brårud	properNoun	nor
Carl	properNoun	swe	Carl	properNoun	nor
Storebrand-Uni	properNoun	swe	Storebrand-Uni	properNoun	nor
Gütersloh	properNoun	swe	Gütersloh	properNoun	nor
Kåvenjohka	properNoun	swe	Kåvenjohka	properNoun	nor
Gudmestad	properNoun	swe	Gudmestad	properNoun	nor
Jahn	properNoun	swe	Jahn	properNoun	nor
Cecilia	properNoun	swe	Cecilia	properNoun	nor
Roede	properNoun	swe	Roede	properNoun	nor
Lopez	properNoun	swe	Lopez	properNoun	nor
Isachsen	properNoun	swe	Isachsen	properNoun	nor
Christianssen	properNoun	swe	Christianssen	properNoun	nor
Fjelldahl	properNoun	swe	Fjelldahl	properNoun	nor
Bamako	properNoun	swe	Bamako	properNoun	nor
Bataan	properNoun	swe	Bataan	properNoun	nor
Jahr	properNoun	swe	Jahr	properNoun	nor
Rantačielgi	properNoun	swe	Rantačielgi	properNoun	nor
Cecilie	properNoun	swe	Cecilie	properNoun	nor
Moisio	properNoun	swe	Moisio	properNoun	nor
Rostad	properNoun	swe	Rostad	properNoun	nor
Ludvigssen	properNoun	swe	Ludvigssen	properNoun	nor
Peltomäki	properNoun	swe	Peltomäki	properNoun	nor
Selene	properNoun	swe	Selene	properNoun	nor
Karlotte	properNoun	swe	Karlotte	properNoun	nor
Sarkola	properNoun	swe	Sarkola	properNoun	nor
Øyan	properNoun	swe	Øyan	properNoun	nor
Herkules	properNoun	swe	Herkules	properNoun	nor
Freddy	properNoun	swe	Freddy	properNoun	nor
Biera	properNoun	swe	Biera	properNoun	nor
Zoja	properNoun	swe	Zoja	properNoun	nor
Väre	properNoun	swe	Väre	properNoun	nor
Billkvam	properNoun	swe	Billkvam	properNoun	nor
Hornnes	properNoun	swe	Hornnes	properNoun	nor
Hår	properNoun	swe	Hår	properNoun	nor
Sihvo	properNoun	swe	Sihvo	properNoun	nor
Emilija	properNoun	swe	Emilija	properNoun	nor
Lamek	properNoun	swe	Lamek	properNoun	nor
Tellefson	properNoun	swe	Tellefson	properNoun	nor
Rantakari	properNoun	swe	Rantakari	properNoun	nor
Nordheim	properNoun	swe	Nordheim	properNoun	nor
Loyang	properNoun	swe	Loyang	properNoun	nor
Hilfred	properNoun	swe	Hilfred	properNoun	nor
Nilsdatter	properNoun	swe	Nilsdatter	properNoun	nor
Jønsson	properNoun	swe	Jønsson	properNoun	nor
Häkälä	properNoun	swe	Häkälä	properNoun	nor
Lill-Uman	properNoun	swe	Lill-Uman	properNoun	nor
Kauhanen	properNoun	swe	Kauhanen	properNoun	nor
Jervell	properNoun	swe	Jervell	properNoun	nor
Serubbabel	properNoun	swe	Serubbabel	properNoun	nor
Hidalgo	properNoun	swe	Hidalgo	properNoun	nor
Birgit	properNoun	swe	Birgit	properNoun	nor
Evje	properNoun	swe	Evje	properNoun	nor
Hilary	properNoun	swe	Hilary	properNoun	nor
Sommer-Oslo	properNoun	swe	Sommer-Oslo	properNoun	nor
Torröjen	properNoun	swe	Torröjen	properNoun	nor
Sør-Frankrike	properNoun	swe	Sør-Frankrike	properNoun	nor
Mihkiljávri	properNoun	swe	Mihkiljávri	properNoun	nor
Storevik	properNoun	swe	Storevik	properNoun	nor
Maunuksela	properNoun	swe	Maunuksela	properNoun	nor
Vaskelainen	properNoun	swe	Vaskelainen	properNoun	nor
Lamer	properNoun	swe	Lamer	properNoun	nor
Tynnilä	properNoun	swe	Tynnilä	properNoun	nor
Oppen	properNoun	swe	Oppen	properNoun	nor
Kvist	properNoun	swe	Kvist	properNoun	nor
Kronborg	properNoun	swe	Kronborg	properNoun	nor
Olá	properNoun	swe	Olá	properNoun	nor
Soppero	properNoun	swe	Soppero	properNoun	nor
Samppala	properNoun	swe	Samppala	properNoun	nor
Oksala	properNoun	swe	Oksala	properNoun	nor
Samuel	properNoun	swe	Samuel	properNoun	nor
Näränen	properNoun	swe	Näränen	properNoun	nor
Hultblad	properNoun	swe	Hultblad	properNoun	nor
Avdejeva	properNoun	swe	Avdejeva	properNoun	nor
Metsänen	properNoun	swe	Metsänen	properNoun	nor
Gloslie	properNoun	swe	Gloslie	properNoun	nor
Catherine	properNoun	swe	Catherine	properNoun	nor
Aalvik	properNoun	swe	Aalvik	properNoun	nor
Mols	properNoun	swe	Mols	properNoun	nor
Inger-Lise	properNoun	swe	Inger-Lise	properNoun	nor
Ørnsberg	properNoun	swe	Ørnsberg	properNoun	nor
Pisilä	properNoun	swe	Pisilä	properNoun	nor
Hjersing	properNoun	swe	Hjersing	properNoun	nor
Elsa	properNoun	swe	Elsa	properNoun	nor
Skrapeklev	properNoun	swe	Skrapeklev	properNoun	nor
Bush	properNoun	swe	Bush	properNoun	nor
Lovozero	properNoun	swe	Lovozero	properNoun	nor
Rensvik	properNoun	swe	Rensvik	properNoun	nor
Lyseng	properNoun	swe	Lyseng	properNoun	nor
Else	properNoun	swe	Else	properNoun	nor
Spydeberg	properNoun	swe	Spydeberg	properNoun	nor
Bergersen	properNoun	swe	Bergersen	properNoun	nor
Ånonson	properNoun	swe	Ånonson	properNoun	nor
Sørvest-Afrika	properNoun	swe	Sørvest-Afrika	properNoun	nor
Tungtvann	properNoun	swe	Tungtvann	properNoun	nor
Mantsinen	properNoun	swe	Mantsinen	properNoun	nor
Dimmen	properNoun	swe	Dimmen	properNoun	nor
Dennis	properNoun	swe	Dennis	properNoun	nor
Hirtshals	properNoun	swe	Hirtshals	properNoun	nor
Parkko	properNoun	swe	Parkko	properNoun	nor
Toby	properNoun	swe	Toby	properNoun	nor
Æge	properNoun	swe	Æge	properNoun	nor
Herjangsfjorden	properNoun	swe	Herjangsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Ritala	properNoun	swe	Ritala	properNoun	nor
Flag	properNoun	swe	Flag	properNoun	nor
Vullegeassebáiki	properNoun	swe	Vullegeassebáiki	properNoun	nor
Zeiner	properNoun	swe	Zeiner	properNoun	nor
Nesvold	properNoun	swe	Nesvold	properNoun	nor
Indahl	properNoun	swe	Indahl	properNoun	nor
Grønningen	properNoun	swe	Grønningen	properNoun	nor
Buttenschøn	properNoun	swe	Buttenschøn	properNoun	nor
Moroni	properNoun	swe	Moroni	properNoun	nor
Anne-Grete	properNoun	swe	Anne-Grete	properNoun	nor
Tekn	properNoun	swe	Tekn	properNoun	nor
Sfo	properNoun	swe	Sfo	properNoun	nor
Välilä	properNoun	swe	Välilä	properNoun	nor
Pirttilä	properNoun	swe	Pirttilä	properNoun	nor
Bærumsbanen	properNoun	swe	Bærumsbanen	properNoun	nor
Mehetabel	properNoun	swe	Mehetabel	properNoun	nor
Oman	properNoun	swe	Oman	properNoun	nor
Benkhe	properNoun	swe	Benkhe	properNoun	nor
Marshallplanen	properNoun	swe	Marshallplanen	properNoun	nor
Välimaa	properNoun	swe	Välimaa	properNoun	nor
Pirttimaa	properNoun	swe	Pirttimaa	properNoun	nor
Pennsylvania	properNoun	swe	Pennsylvania	properNoun	nor
Lystad	properNoun	swe	Lystad	properNoun	nor
Shavnil	properNoun	swe	Shavnil	properNoun	nor
Kepheus	properNoun	swe	Kepheus	properNoun	nor
Ästersund	properNoun	swe	Ästersund	properNoun	nor
Kuntsi	properNoun	swe	Kuntsi	properNoun	nor
Omar	properNoun	swe	Omar	properNoun	nor
Snøsen	properNoun	swe	Snøsen	properNoun	nor
Helliesen	properNoun	swe	Helliesen	properNoun	nor
Veracruz	properNoun	swe	Veracruz	properNoun	nor
Jelved	properNoun	swe	Jelved	properNoun	nor
Dyrstadgrend	properNoun	swe	Dyrstadgrend	properNoun	nor
Irene	properNoun	swe	Irene	properNoun	nor
Sørgård	properNoun	swe	Sørgård	properNoun	nor
Juntunen	properNoun	swe	Juntunen	properNoun	nor
Einhart	properNoun	swe	Einhart	properNoun	nor
Jeppesen	properNoun	swe	Jeppesen	properNoun	nor
Vatikanstaten	properNoun	swe	Vatikanstaten	properNoun	nor
Irján	properNoun	swe	Irján	properNoun	nor
Strandavuotna	properNoun	swe	Strandavuotna	properNoun	nor
Saarikettu	properNoun	swe	Saarikettu	properNoun	nor
Nikomedes	properNoun	swe	Nikomedes	properNoun	nor
Ingold	properNoun	swe	Ingold	properNoun	nor
Somalia	properNoun	swe	Somalia	properNoun	nor
Yliniemi	properNoun	swe	Yliniemi	properNoun	nor
Fraenkel	properNoun	swe	Fraenkel	properNoun	nor
Drefvelin	properNoun	swe	Drefvelin	properNoun	nor
Ingolf	properNoun	swe	Ingolf	properNoun	nor
Ristola	properNoun	swe	Ristola	properNoun	nor
Alvøen	properNoun	swe	Alvøen	properNoun	nor
Aaserød	properNoun	swe	Aaserød	properNoun	nor
Paasimaa	properNoun	swe	Paasimaa	properNoun	nor
Harusin	properNoun	swe	Harusin	properNoun	nor
Gstaad	properNoun	swe	Gstaad	properNoun	nor
Vähäaho	properNoun	swe	Vähäaho	properNoun	nor
Simola	properNoun	swe	Simola	properNoun	nor
Konfucius	properNoun	swe	Konfucius	properNoun	nor
Elgvin	properNoun	swe	Elgvin	properNoun	nor
Bredahl	properNoun	swe	Bredahl	properNoun	nor
UNI	properNoun	swe	UNI	properNoun	nor
Lundbye	properNoun	swe	Lundbye	properNoun	nor
Häyrynen	properNoun	swe	Häyrynen	properNoun	nor
Guldbjørnsen	properNoun	swe	Guldbjørnsen	properNoun	nor
Daae	properNoun	swe	Daae	properNoun	nor
Mahmud	properNoun	swe	Mahmud	properNoun	nor
Pohjala	properNoun	swe	Pohjala	properNoun	nor
Katainen	properNoun	swe	Katainen	properNoun	nor
Holsennuorri	properNoun	swe	Holsennuorri	properNoun	nor
Portugal	properNoun	swe	Portugal	properNoun	nor
Paulasaari	properNoun	swe	Paulasaari	properNoun	nor
Karlskrona	properNoun	swe	Karlskrona	properNoun	nor
Schiøtz	properNoun	swe	Schiøtz	properNoun	nor
Freuchen	properNoun	swe	Freuchen	properNoun	nor
Oikarinen	properNoun	swe	Oikarinen	properNoun	nor
Blæsbjerg	properNoun	swe	Blæsbjerg	properNoun	nor
Dáil	properNoun	swe	Dáil	properNoun	nor
Joukainen	properNoun	swe	Joukainen	properNoun	nor
Iisak	properNoun	swe	Iisak	properNoun	nor
Yellowstone	properNoun	swe	Yellowstone	properNoun	nor
Saloniki	properNoun	swe	Saloniki	properNoun	nor
Bjørsmo	properNoun	swe	Bjørsmo	properNoun	nor
Bjølsen	properNoun	swe	Bjølsen	properNoun	nor
Emborg	properNoun	swe	Emborg	properNoun	nor
Katinka	properNoun	swe	Katinka	properNoun	nor
Gabrielssen	properNoun	swe	Gabrielssen	properNoun	nor
Atlasfjellene	properNoun	swe	Atlasfjellene	properNoun	nor
Ylisuvanto	properNoun	swe	Ylisuvanto	properNoun	nor
Stefansen	properNoun	swe	Stefansen	properNoun	nor
Rönkä	properNoun	swe	Rönkä	properNoun	nor
Rimmi	properNoun	swe	Rimmi	properNoun	nor
Mailinn	properNoun	swe	Mailinn	properNoun	nor
Kariniemi	properNoun	swe	Kariniemi	properNoun	nor
Huhtinen	properNoun	swe	Huhtinen	properNoun	nor
Bekkstrand	properNoun	swe	Bekkstrand	properNoun	nor
Lauve	properNoun	swe	Lauve	properNoun	nor
Ajax	properNoun	swe	Ajax	properNoun	nor
Jonssen	properNoun	swe	Jonssen	properNoun	nor
Leonhardsen	properNoun	swe	Leonhardsen	properNoun	nor
Karjaluoto	properNoun	swe	Karjaluoto	properNoun	nor
Einola	properNoun	swe	Einola	properNoun	nor
Sørpolen	properNoun	swe	Sørpolen	properNoun	nor
Ánnáluokta	properNoun	swe	Ánnáluokta	properNoun	nor
Vemork	properNoun	swe	Vemork	properNoun	nor
Gunnarsen	properNoun	swe	Gunnarsen	properNoun	nor
Brustad	properNoun	swe	Brustad	properNoun	nor
Aaserud	properNoun	swe	Aaserud	properNoun	nor
Pitkonen	properNoun	swe	Pitkonen	properNoun	nor
Biggeluoppal	properNoun	swe	Biggeluoppal	properNoun	nor
Kouhia	properNoun	swe	Kouhia	properNoun	nor
Skogvold	properNoun	swe	Skogvold	properNoun	nor
Lofthus	properNoun	swe	Lofthus	properNoun	nor
Kvinnherad	properNoun	swe	Kvinnherad	properNoun	nor
Pahkala	properNoun	swe	Pahkala	properNoun	nor
Wartenberg	properNoun	swe	Wartenberg	properNoun	nor
Røkkum	properNoun	swe	Røkkum	properNoun	nor
Sagen	properNoun	swe	Sagen	properNoun	nor
Xavier	properNoun	swe	Xavier	properNoun	nor
Wigan	properNoun	swe	Wigan	properNoun	nor
Schou	properNoun	swe	Schou	properNoun	nor
Osterøy	properNoun	swe	Osterøy	properNoun	nor
Feliksa	properNoun	swe	Feliksa	properNoun	nor
Uggerud	properNoun	swe	Uggerud	properNoun	nor
Cievvesuel	properNoun	swe	Cievvesuel	properNoun	nor
Langaas	properNoun	swe	Langaas	properNoun	nor
Dolven	properNoun	swe	Dolven	properNoun	nor
Sirdal	properNoun	swe	Sirdal	properNoun	nor
Mortensen	properNoun	swe	Mortensen	properNoun	nor
Scheich	properNoun	swe	Scheich	properNoun	nor
Anne-Lise	properNoun	swe	Anne-Lise	properNoun	nor
Longva	properNoun	swe	Longva	properNoun	nor
Koefoed	properNoun	swe	Koefoed	properNoun	nor
Mogård	properNoun	swe	Mogård	properNoun	nor
Ensjø	properNoun	swe	Ensjø	properNoun	nor
Kvinesdal	properNoun	swe	Kvinesdal	properNoun	nor
Ruotsala	properNoun	swe	Ruotsala	properNoun	nor
Mønnich	properNoun	swe	Mønnich	properNoun	nor
Gudveig	properNoun	swe	Gudveig	properNoun	nor
Helmond	properNoun	swe	Helmond	properNoun	nor
Claus	properNoun	swe	Claus	properNoun	nor
Amundson	properNoun	swe	Amundson	properNoun	nor
Herva	properNoun	swe	Herva	properNoun	nor
Hánssa-Jovn	properNoun	swe	Hánssa-Jovn	properNoun	nor
Järventaus	properNoun	swe	Järventaus	properNoun	nor
Grimestad	properNoun	swe	Grimestad	properNoun	nor
Kindlihagen	properNoun	swe	Kindlihagen	properNoun	nor
Edda	properNoun	swe	Edda	properNoun	nor
Helgoland	properNoun	swe	Helgoland	properNoun	nor
Tjøme	properNoun	swe	Tjøme	properNoun	nor
Nyquist	properNoun	swe	Nyquist	properNoun	nor
Haapa	properNoun	swe	Haapa	properNoun	nor
Sandeid	properNoun	swe	Sandeid	properNoun	nor
NAVF	properNoun	swe	NAVF	properNoun	nor
Tell	properNoun	swe	Tell	properNoun	nor
Lambertsen	properNoun	swe	Lambertsen	properNoun	nor
Pönkä	properNoun	swe	Pönkä	properNoun	nor
Grevstad	properNoun	swe	Grevstad	properNoun	nor
Sieck	properNoun	swe	Sieck	properNoun	nor
Rukojärvi	properNoun	swe	Rukojärvi	properNoun	nor
Melkild	properNoun	swe	Melkild	properNoun	nor
Astrup	properNoun	swe	Astrup	properNoun	nor
Oppdal	properNoun	swe	Oppdal	properNoun	nor
Ombo	properNoun	swe	Ombo	properNoun	nor
Butt	properNoun	swe	Butt	properNoun	nor
Blædel	properNoun	swe	Blædel	properNoun	nor
Barmen	properNoun	swe	Barmen	properNoun	nor
Thora	properNoun	swe	Thora	properNoun	nor
Matthew	properNoun	swe	Matthew	properNoun	nor
Al-Furat	properNoun	swe	Al-Furat	properNoun	nor
Viola	properNoun	swe	Viola	properNoun	nor
Gent	properNoun	swe	Gent	properNoun	nor
Mäkivirta	properNoun	swe	Mäkivirta	properNoun	nor
Djupen	properNoun	swe	Djupen	properNoun	nor
Dahlmann	properNoun	swe	Dahlmann	properNoun	nor
Meljordshagen	properNoun	swe	Meljordshagen	properNoun	nor
Harvik	properNoun	swe	Harvik	properNoun	nor
Bennetter	properNoun	swe	Bennetter	properNoun	nor
Thore	properNoun	swe	Thore	properNoun	nor
Særimne	properNoun	swe	Særimne	properNoun	nor
Henrikssen	properNoun	swe	Henrikssen	properNoun	nor
Luhanko	properNoun	swe	Luhanko	properNoun	nor
Ylikorpi	properNoun	swe	Ylikorpi	properNoun	nor
Peuhkurinen	properNoun	swe	Peuhkurinen	properNoun	nor
Dieter	properNoun	swe	Dieter	properNoun	nor
Vistisen	properNoun	swe	Vistisen	properNoun	nor
Jaeger	properNoun	swe	Jaeger	properNoun	nor
Finska	properNoun	swe	Finska	properNoun	nor
Hilkka	properNoun	swe	Hilkka	properNoun	nor
Størkersen	properNoun	swe	Størkersen	properNoun	nor
Ahtonen	properNoun	swe	Ahtonen	properNoun	nor
Missingmyr	properNoun	swe	Missingmyr	properNoun	nor
Michelangelo	properNoun	swe	Michelangelo	properNoun	nor
Birkegaard	properNoun	swe	Birkegaard	properNoun	nor
Máren	properNoun	swe	Máren	properNoun	nor
Nerland	properNoun	swe	Nerland	properNoun	nor
Størseth	properNoun	swe	Størseth	properNoun	nor
Halvar	properNoun	swe	Halvar	properNoun	nor
Eddy	properNoun	swe	Eddy	properNoun	nor
Kunttu	properNoun	swe	Kunttu	properNoun	nor
Stoltz	properNoun	swe	Stoltz	properNoun	nor
Pirttisalo	properNoun	swe	Pirttisalo	properNoun	nor
Tokyo-børsen	properNoun	swe	Tokyo-børsen	properNoun	nor
Äärelä	properNoun	swe	Äärelä	properNoun	nor
Vesterinen	properNoun	swe	Vesterinen	properNoun	nor
Helgerud	properNoun	swe	Helgerud	properNoun	nor
Kjærulf	properNoun	swe	Kjærulf	properNoun	nor
Endre	properNoun	swe	Endre	properNoun	nor
Nordaustlandet	properNoun	swe	Nordaustlandet	properNoun	nor
Linell	properNoun	swe	Linell	properNoun	nor
Greco	properNoun	swe	Greco	properNoun	nor
Máret	properNoun	swe	Máret	properNoun	nor
Lauvstad	properNoun	swe	Lauvstad	properNoun	nor
Fiskum	properNoun	swe	Fiskum	properNoun	nor
Rikkola	properNoun	swe	Rikkola	properNoun	nor
Bessheim	properNoun	swe	Bessheim	properNoun	nor
Siivonen	properNoun	swe	Siivonen	properNoun	nor
Porvoo	properNoun	swe	Porvoo	properNoun	nor
Čohkavárri	properNoun	swe	Čohkavárri	properNoun	nor
Lekven	properNoun	swe	Lekven	properNoun	nor
Ottar	properNoun	swe	Ottar	properNoun	nor
Willoch	properNoun	swe	Willoch	properNoun	nor
Strandskog	properNoun	swe	Strandskog	properNoun	nor
Sethil	properNoun	swe	Sethil	properNoun	nor
Reinås	properNoun	swe	Reinås	properNoun	nor
Ojala	properNoun	swe	Ojala	properNoun	nor
Nereng	properNoun	swe	Nereng	properNoun	nor
Grebstad	properNoun	swe	Grebstad	properNoun	nor
Rynning	properNoun	swe	Rynning	properNoun	nor
Mustola	properNoun	swe	Mustola	properNoun	nor
Kovenleahki	properNoun	swe	Kovenleahki	properNoun	nor
Kjellmann	properNoun	swe	Kjellmann	properNoun	nor
Kihl	properNoun	swe	Kihl	properNoun	nor
Øydrin	properNoun	swe	Øydrin	properNoun	nor
Kerman	properNoun	swe	Kerman	properNoun	nor
Cato	properNoun	swe	Cato	properNoun	nor
Halland	properNoun	swe	Halland	properNoun	nor
Wahl	properNoun	swe	Wahl	properNoun	nor
Mikit	properNoun	swe	Mikit	properNoun	nor
Jamaica	properNoun	swe	Jamaica	properNoun	nor
Orknøyene	properNoun	swe	Orknøyene	properNoun	nor
Hánnojávri	properNoun	swe	Hánnojávri	properNoun	nor
Rupponen	properNoun	swe	Rupponen	properNoun	nor
Ruonaniemi	properNoun	swe	Ruonaniemi	properNoun	nor
Ala-Nikkola	properNoun	swe	Ala-Nikkola	properNoun	nor
Aalmo	properNoun	swe	Aalmo	properNoun	nor
Part	properNoun	swe	Part	properNoun	nor
Grønseth	properNoun	swe	Grønseth	properNoun	nor
Mindor	properNoun	swe	Mindor	properNoun	nor
Iiskon-Máhtte	properNoun	swe	Iiskon-Máhtte	properNoun	nor
Leisti	properNoun	swe	Leisti	properNoun	nor
Langvassbukt	properNoun	swe	Langvassbukt	properNoun	nor
Gallager	properNoun	swe	Gallager	properNoun	nor
Baltimore	properNoun	swe	Baltimore	properNoun	nor
Sirvio	properNoun	swe	Sirvio	properNoun	nor
Schroeter	properNoun	swe	Schroeter	properNoun	nor
Kourak	properNoun	swe	Kourak	properNoun	nor
Mona	properNoun	swe	Mona	properNoun	nor
Agder	properNoun	swe	Agder	properNoun	nor
Tømmerbråten	properNoun	swe	Tømmerbråten	properNoun	nor
Sætrang	properNoun	swe	Sætrang	properNoun	nor
Mone	properNoun	swe	Mone	properNoun	nor
Veidnes	properNoun	swe	Veidnes	properNoun	nor
Jaakkonen	properNoun	swe	Jaakkonen	properNoun	nor
Holtermann	properNoun	swe	Holtermann	properNoun	nor
Ahtila	properNoun	swe	Ahtila	properNoun	nor
Hroar	properNoun	swe	Hroar	properNoun	nor
Svendsson	properNoun	swe	Svendsson	properNoun	nor
Mong	properNoun	swe	Mong	properNoun	nor
Elgaard	properNoun	swe	Elgaard	properNoun	nor
Pallari	properNoun	swe	Pallari	properNoun	nor
Due	properNoun	swe	Due	properNoun	nor
Sør-Atlanteren	properNoun	swe	Sør-Atlanteren	properNoun	nor
Birmingham	properNoun	swe	Birmingham	properNoun	nor
Haugvaldstad	properNoun	swe	Haugvaldstad	properNoun	nor
Melsom	properNoun	swe	Melsom	properNoun	nor
Walsall	properNoun	swe	Walsall	properNoun	nor
Messel	properNoun	swe	Messel	properNoun	nor
Sherlock	properNoun	swe	Sherlock	properNoun	nor
Mattis	properNoun	swe	Mattis	properNoun	nor
Joanna	properNoun	swe	Joanna	properNoun	nor
Lumpur	properNoun	swe	Lumpur	properNoun	nor
Kananen	properNoun	swe	Kananen	properNoun	nor
Mattit	properNoun	swe	Mattit	properNoun	nor
Ofotfjorden	properNoun	swe	Ofotfjorden	properNoun	nor
Selkälä	properNoun	swe	Selkälä	properNoun	nor
Irún	properNoun	swe	Irún	properNoun	nor
Dyvlin	properNoun	swe	Dyvlin	properNoun	nor
Derås	properNoun	swe	Derås	properNoun	nor
Neumann	properNoun	swe	Neumann	properNoun	nor
Visnes	properNoun	swe	Visnes	properNoun	nor
Salmio	properNoun	swe	Salmio	properNoun	nor
Rayner	properNoun	swe	Rayner	properNoun	nor
Ingeborgrud	properNoun	swe	Ingeborgrud	properNoun	nor
Hølen	properNoun	swe	Hølen	properNoun	nor
Feidias	properNoun	swe	Feidias	properNoun	nor
Heistad	properNoun	swe	Heistad	properNoun	nor
Holmestrand	properNoun	swe	Holmestrand	properNoun	nor
Sotkajärvi	properNoun	swe	Sotkajärvi	properNoun	nor
Sandemose	properNoun	swe	Sandemose	properNoun	nor
Grundfos	properNoun	swe	Grundfos	properNoun	nor
Mons	properNoun	swe	Mons	properNoun	nor
Ouse	properNoun	swe	Ouse	properNoun	nor
Appollon	properNoun	swe	Appollon	properNoun	nor
Mont	properNoun	swe	Mont	properNoun	nor
Trana	properNoun	swe	Trana	properNoun	nor
Cølius	properNoun	swe	Cølius	properNoun	nor
Ánddeš	properNoun	swe	Ánddeš	properNoun	nor
Gáhteriinná	properNoun	swe	Gáhteriinná	properNoun	nor
Michelssen	properNoun	swe	Michelssen	properNoun	nor
Sundvall	properNoun	swe	Sundvall	properNoun	nor
Kosunen	properNoun	swe	Kosunen	properNoun	nor
Njård	properNoun	swe	Njård	properNoun	nor
Dæhlie	properNoun	swe	Dæhlie	properNoun	nor
Trane	properNoun	swe	Trane	properNoun	nor
Brastad	properNoun	swe	Brastad	properNoun	nor
Lavangen	properNoun	swe	Lavangen	properNoun	nor
Everest	properNoun	swe	Everest	properNoun	nor
Saarijärvi	properNoun	swe	Saarijärvi	properNoun	nor
Pärnänen	properNoun	swe	Pärnänen	properNoun	nor
Putkinen	properNoun	swe	Putkinen	properNoun	nor
Pittsburgh	properNoun	swe	Pittsburgh	properNoun	nor
Ferrari	properNoun	swe	Ferrari	properNoun	nor
Næsje	properNoun	swe	Næsje	properNoun	nor
Kabelfabrik	properNoun	swe	Kabelfabrik	properNoun	nor
Dæhlin	properNoun	swe	Dæhlin	properNoun	nor
Jesperson	properNoun	swe	Jesperson	properNoun	nor
Edel	properNoun	swe	Edel	properNoun	nor
Sørkjosen	properNoun	swe	Sørkjosen	properNoun	nor
Peiho	properNoun	swe	Peiho	properNoun	nor
Oust	properNoun	swe	Oust	properNoun	nor
Zeus	properNoun	swe	Zeus	properNoun	nor
Sipari	properNoun	swe	Sipari	properNoun	nor
Hämeenniemi	properNoun	swe	Hämeenniemi	properNoun	nor
Vannahamre	properNoun	swe	Vannahamre	properNoun	nor
Nahkala	properNoun	swe	Nahkala	properNoun	nor
Bloksberg	properNoun	swe	Bloksberg	properNoun	nor
Ussia	properNoun	swe	Ussia	properNoun	nor
Láila	properNoun	swe	Láila	properNoun	nor
Aasvangen	properNoun	swe	Aasvangen	properNoun	nor
Wehder	properNoun	swe	Wehder	properNoun	nor
Melki	properNoun	swe	Melki	properNoun	nor
Eder	properNoun	swe	Eder	properNoun	nor
Alonen	properNoun	swe	Alonen	properNoun	nor
Berntsen	properNoun	swe	Berntsen	properNoun	nor
Nordlien	properNoun	swe	Nordlien	properNoun	nor
Knaappila	properNoun	swe	Knaappila	properNoun	nor
Foibe	properNoun	swe	Foibe	properNoun	nor
Falnes	properNoun	swe	Falnes	properNoun	nor
Aiskylos	properNoun	swe	Aiskylos	properNoun	nor
Reuterskiöld	properNoun	swe	Reuterskiöld	properNoun	nor
Maš	properNoun	swe	Maš	properNoun	nor
Lohilahti	properNoun	swe	Lohilahti	properNoun	nor
Rivaldo	properNoun	swe	Rivaldo	properNoun	nor
Rannila	properNoun	swe	Rannila	properNoun	nor
Päkki	properNoun	swe	Päkki	properNoun	nor
Degerlund	properNoun	swe	Degerlund	properNoun	nor
Borgajávri	properNoun	swe	Borgajávri	properNoun	nor
Isojärvi	properNoun	swe	Isojärvi	properNoun	nor
Dahlen	properNoun	swe	Dahlen	properNoun	nor
Nokkala	properNoun	swe	Nokkala	properNoun	nor
Miennajohka	properNoun	swe	Miennajohka	properNoun	nor
Lastikka	properNoun	swe	Lastikka	properNoun	nor
Iŋggájávri	properNoun	swe	Iŋggájávri	properNoun	nor
Berntine	properNoun	swe	Berntine	properNoun	nor
Amtskreds	properNoun	swe	Amtskreds	properNoun	nor
Salween	properNoun	swe	Salween	properNoun	nor
Pessala	properNoun	swe	Pessala	properNoun	nor
Dåvøy	properNoun	swe	Dåvøy	properNoun	nor
Brac	properNoun	swe	Brac	properNoun	nor
Vogel	properNoun	swe	Vogel	properNoun	nor
Áilloš	properNoun	swe	Áilloš	properNoun	nor
Lehtovaara	properNoun	swe	Lehtovaara	properNoun	nor
Jean-Hansen	properNoun	swe	Jean-Hansen	properNoun	nor
Callas	properNoun	swe	Callas	properNoun	nor
Skara	properNoun	swe	Skara	properNoun	nor
Sippel	properNoun	swe	Sippel	properNoun	nor
Kaberg	properNoun	swe	Kaberg	properNoun	nor
Eilif	properNoun	swe	Eilif	properNoun	nor
Vennesland	properNoun	swe	Vennesland	properNoun	nor
Aas	properNoun	swe	Aas	properNoun	nor
Skacktavl	properNoun	swe	Skacktavl	properNoun	nor
Seyersted	properNoun	swe	Seyersted	properNoun	nor
Lapinoja	properNoun	swe	Lapinoja	properNoun	nor
Gjeving	properNoun	swe	Gjeving	properNoun	nor
Bomholt	properNoun	swe	Bomholt	properNoun	nor
Skard	properNoun	swe	Skard	properNoun	nor
Trym	properNoun	swe	Trym	properNoun	nor
Simone	properNoun	swe	Simone	properNoun	nor
Maria	properNoun	swe	Maria	properNoun	nor
Sagvåg	properNoun	swe	Sagvåg	properNoun	nor
Vangsmjøsi	properNoun	swe	Vangsmjøsi	properNoun	nor
Skare	properNoun	swe	Skare	properNoun	nor
Richer-Hanssen	properNoun	swe	Richer-Hanssen	properNoun	nor
Korpinen	properNoun	swe	Korpinen	properNoun	nor
Bjerregaard	properNoun	swe	Bjerregaard	properNoun	nor
Pasi	properNoun	swe	Pasi	properNoun	nor
Henningsen	properNoun	swe	Henningsen	properNoun	nor
Entner	properNoun	swe	Entner	properNoun	nor
Office	properNoun	swe	Office	properNoun	nor
Marie	properNoun	swe	Marie	properNoun	nor
Tunstad	properNoun	swe	Tunstad	properNoun	nor
Skari	properNoun	swe	Skari	properNoun	nor
Kuortti	properNoun	swe	Kuortti	properNoun	nor
Hottinen	properNoun	swe	Hottinen	properNoun	nor
Kiil	properNoun	swe	Kiil	properNoun	nor
Elmar	properNoun	swe	Elmar	properNoun	nor
Suomela	properNoun	swe	Suomela	properNoun	nor
CIA	properNoun	swe	CIA	properNoun	nor
Hovinen	properNoun	swe	Hovinen	properNoun	nor
Paso	properNoun	swe	Paso	properNoun	nor
Booth	properNoun	swe	Booth	properNoun	nor
Klopas	properNoun	swe	Klopas	properNoun	nor
Fagernes	properNoun	swe	Fagernes	properNoun	nor
Vartiainen	properNoun	swe	Vartiainen	properNoun	nor
Kaldhol	properNoun	swe	Kaldhol	properNoun	nor
Šillem	properNoun	swe	Šillem	properNoun	nor
Andreasen	properNoun	swe	Andreasen	properNoun	nor
Ivarsson	properNoun	swe	Ivarsson	properNoun	nor
Tyldum	properNoun	swe	Tyldum	properNoun	nor
Fosslandsosen	properNoun	swe	Fosslandsosen	properNoun	nor
Christchurch	properNoun	swe	Christchurch	properNoun	nor
Eiliv	properNoun	swe	Eiliv	properNoun	nor
Takkunen	properNoun	swe	Takkunen	properNoun	nor
Mario	properNoun	swe	Mario	properNoun	nor
Mihkkalnjárga	properNoun	swe	Mihkkalnjárga	properNoun	nor
Solfjellsøen	properNoun	swe	Solfjellsøen	properNoun	nor
Jankkila	properNoun	swe	Jankkila	properNoun	nor
Kaukasus	properNoun	swe	Kaukasus	properNoun	nor
Montreal	properNoun	swe	Montreal	properNoun	nor
Bramming	properNoun	swe	Bramming	properNoun	nor
Cadiz	properNoun	swe	Cadiz	properNoun	nor
Vilponen	properNoun	swe	Vilponen	properNoun	nor
Roterud	properNoun	swe	Roterud	properNoun	nor
Nevis	properNoun	swe	Nevis	properNoun	nor
Grundtvig	properNoun	swe	Grundtvig	properNoun	nor
Bryand	properNoun	swe	Bryand	properNoun	nor
Ojamo	properNoun	swe	Ojamo	properNoun	nor
nazitida	properNoun	swe	nazitida	properNoun	nor
Marit	properNoun	swe	Marit	properNoun	nor
Torghatten	properNoun	swe	Torghatten	properNoun	nor
Sintonen	properNoun	swe	Sintonen	properNoun	nor
Potter	properNoun	swe	Potter	properNoun	nor
Lødingen	properNoun	swe	Lødingen	properNoun	nor
Skivholme	properNoun	swe	Skivholme	properNoun	nor
Saarimaa	properNoun	swe	Saarimaa	properNoun	nor
Fåborg	properNoun	swe	Fåborg	properNoun	nor
Narcissus	properNoun	swe	Narcissus	properNoun	nor
Toten	properNoun	swe	Toten	properNoun	nor
Viberg	properNoun	swe	Viberg	properNoun	nor
Gogh	properNoun	swe	Gogh	properNoun	nor
Arkko	properNoun	swe	Arkko	properNoun	nor
Syvertsen	properNoun	swe	Syvertsen	properNoun	nor
Væren	properNoun	swe	Væren	properNoun	nor
Mihkkelaš	properNoun	swe	Mihkkelaš	properNoun	nor
Hawaii	properNoun	swe	Hawaii	properNoun	nor
Doggeráhppát	properNoun	swe	Doggeráhppát	properNoun	nor
Hjeltefjorden	properNoun	swe	Hjeltefjorden	properNoun	nor
Didrikssen	properNoun	swe	Didrikssen	properNoun	nor
Volmer	properNoun	swe	Volmer	properNoun	nor
Sippala	properNoun	swe	Sippala	properNoun	nor
Nyhagen	properNoun	swe	Nyhagen	properNoun	nor
Moon	properNoun	swe	Moon	properNoun	nor
Kjeldson	properNoun	swe	Kjeldson	properNoun	nor
Makkula	properNoun	swe	Makkula	properNoun	nor
Lindebrække	properNoun	swe	Lindebrække	properNoun	nor
Ekberg	properNoun	swe	Ekberg	properNoun	nor
Ditte	properNoun	swe	Ditte	properNoun	nor
Vuokko	properNoun	swe	Vuokko	properNoun	nor
Andrimne	properNoun	swe	Andrimne	properNoun	nor
Vierula	properNoun	swe	Vierula	properNoun	nor
Tetlie	properNoun	swe	Tetlie	properNoun	nor
Paadar	properNoun	swe	Paadar	properNoun	nor
Filon	properNoun	swe	Filon	properNoun	nor
Nansen	properNoun	swe	Nansen	properNoun	nor
Florvåg	properNoun	swe	Florvåg	properNoun	nor
Marthinusen	properNoun	swe	Marthinusen	properNoun	nor
Nyboe	properNoun	swe	Nyboe	properNoun	nor
Kvernberg	properNoun	swe	Kvernberg	properNoun	nor
Gillberg	properNoun	swe	Gillberg	properNoun	nor
Napoleon	properNoun	swe	Napoleon	properNoun	nor
Sønsteby	properNoun	swe	Sønsteby	properNoun	nor
Skjervheim	properNoun	swe	Skjervheim	properNoun	nor
Klokk	properNoun	swe	Klokk	properNoun	nor
Halkosaari	properNoun	swe	Halkosaari	properNoun	nor
Stanford	properNoun	swe	Stanford	properNoun	nor
Abbey	properNoun	swe	Abbey	properNoun	nor
Teng	properNoun	swe	Teng	properNoun	nor
Kukkurainen	properNoun	swe	Kukkurainen	properNoun	nor
Outi	properNoun	swe	Outi	properNoun	nor
Særher	properNoun	swe	Særher	properNoun	nor
Stallone	properNoun	swe	Stallone	properNoun	nor
Skørping	properNoun	swe	Skørping	properNoun	nor
Kenneth	properNoun	swe	Kenneth	properNoun	nor
Håland	properNoun	swe	Håland	properNoun	nor
Kaura	properNoun	swe	Kaura	properNoun	nor
Haara	properNoun	swe	Haara	properNoun	nor
Balto	properNoun	swe	Balto	properNoun	nor
Londonderry	properNoun	swe	Londonderry	properNoun	nor
Elvi	properNoun	swe	Elvi	properNoun	nor
Thorkildsen	properNoun	swe	Thorkildsen	properNoun	nor
Sim	properNoun	swe	Sim	properNoun	nor
Priha	properNoun	swe	Priha	properNoun	nor
Bodelsen	properNoun	swe	Bodelsen	properNoun	nor
Vindstad	properNoun	swe	Vindstad	properNoun	nor
Stranden	properNoun	swe	Stranden	properNoun	nor
Synzygos	properNoun	swe	Synzygos	properNoun	nor
Kuhlman	properNoun	swe	Kuhlman	properNoun	nor
Liane	properNoun	swe	Liane	properNoun	nor
Sämpi	properNoun	swe	Sämpi	properNoun	nor
Ole-Christian	properNoun	swe	Ole-Christian	properNoun	nor
Liang	properNoun	swe	Liang	properNoun	nor
Muuri	properNoun	swe	Muuri	properNoun	nor
Lønnerup	properNoun	swe	Lønnerup	properNoun	nor
Magnussen	properNoun	swe	Magnussen	properNoun	nor
Fortun	properNoun	swe	Fortun	properNoun	nor
Zevs	properNoun	swe	Zevs	properNoun	nor
Braathen	properNoun	swe	Braathen	properNoun	nor
Roppola	properNoun	swe	Roppola	properNoun	nor
Buschmann	properNoun	swe	Buschmann	properNoun	nor
Vestisen	properNoun	swe	Vestisen	properNoun	nor
Thomsson	properNoun	swe	Thomsson	properNoun	nor
Tervola	properNoun	swe	Tervola	properNoun	nor
Márge	properNoun	swe	Márge	properNoun	nor
Alltinget	properNoun	swe	Alltinget	properNoun	nor
Sorteberg	properNoun	swe	Sorteberg	properNoun	nor
Siv	properNoun	swe	Siv	properNoun	nor
Christel	properNoun	swe	Christel	properNoun	nor
Siw	properNoun	swe	Siw	properNoun	nor
Paakkola	properNoun	swe	Paakkola	properNoun	nor
Morgan	properNoun	swe	Morgan	properNoun	nor
Dolly	properNoun	swe	Dolly	properNoun	nor
Saltnes	properNoun	swe	Saltnes	properNoun	nor
Kirknes	properNoun	swe	Kirknes	properNoun	nor
Christen	properNoun	swe	Christen	properNoun	nor
Meldahl	properNoun	swe	Meldahl	properNoun	nor
Wartburg	properNoun	swe	Wartburg	properNoun	nor
Center	properNoun	swe	Center	properNoun	nor
Järviluoma	properNoun	swe	Järviluoma	properNoun	nor
Aakrann	properNoun	swe	Aakrann	properNoun	nor
Marakatt	properNoun	swe	Marakatt	properNoun	nor
Mahón	properNoun	swe	Mahón	properNoun	nor
Kambo	properNoun	swe	Kambo	properNoun	nor
Tuori	properNoun	swe	Tuori	properNoun	nor
Nordeng	properNoun	swe	Nordeng	properNoun	nor
Hujala	properNoun	swe	Hujala	properNoun	nor
Haarr	properNoun	swe	Haarr	properNoun	nor
Christer	properNoun	swe	Christer	properNoun	nor
Torkildson	properNoun	swe	Torkildson	properNoun	nor
Grande	properNoun	swe	Grande	properNoun	nor
Ulvskog	properNoun	swe	Ulvskog	properNoun	nor
Jokumsen	properNoun	swe	Jokumsen	properNoun	nor
Garnison	properNoun	swe	Garnison	properNoun	nor
Hánassuolu	properNoun	swe	Hánassuolu	properNoun	nor
Säde	properNoun	swe	Säde	properNoun	nor
Klett	properNoun	swe	Klett	properNoun	nor
Rotterdam	properNoun	swe	Rotterdam	properNoun	nor
Lensvik	properNoun	swe	Lensvik	properNoun	nor
Schall	properNoun	swe	Schall	properNoun	nor
Nurmio	properNoun	swe	Nurmio	properNoun	nor
Sebaot	properNoun	swe	Sebaot	properNoun	nor
Nikkola	properNoun	swe	Nikkola	properNoun	nor
Laugesen	properNoun	swe	Laugesen	properNoun	nor
Ilmola	properNoun	swe	Ilmola	properNoun	nor
Kendzior	properNoun	swe	Kendzior	properNoun	nor
Green	properNoun	swe	Green	properNoun	nor
Uuttu	properNoun	swe	Uuttu	properNoun	nor
Pohjolainen	properNoun	swe	Pohjolainen	properNoun	nor
Kikutstua	properNoun	swe	Kikutstua	properNoun	nor
Roxette	properNoun	swe	Roxette	properNoun	nor
Päivärinta	properNoun	swe	Päivärinta	properNoun	nor
Cave	properNoun	swe	Cave	properNoun	nor
Elisá	properNoun	swe	Elisá	properNoun	nor
Vehkamäki	properNoun	swe	Vehkamäki	properNoun	nor
Møhlen	properNoun	swe	Møhlen	properNoun	nor
Gallagher	properNoun	swe	Gallagher	properNoun	nor
Berteussen	properNoun	swe	Berteussen	properNoun	nor
Márgu	properNoun	swe	Márgu	properNoun	nor
Wilhelmsen	properNoun	swe	Wilhelmsen	properNoun	nor
Oravainen	properNoun	swe	Oravainen	properNoun	nor
Lindvig	properNoun	swe	Lindvig	properNoun	nor
Fjälloch	properNoun	swe	Fjälloch	properNoun	nor
Faccon	properNoun	swe	Faccon	properNoun	nor
Dalekvam	properNoun	swe	Dalekvam	properNoun	nor
Marja	properNoun	swe	Marja	properNoun	nor
Leonora	properNoun	swe	Leonora	properNoun	nor
Abu	properNoun	swe	Abu	properNoun	nor
Juvkam	properNoun	swe	Juvkam	properNoun	nor
Wilhelmina	properNoun	swe	Wilhelmina	properNoun	nor
Arto	properNoun	swe	Arto	properNoun	nor
Airlines	properNoun	swe	Airlines	properNoun	nor
Mikko	properNoun	swe	Mikko	properNoun	nor
Torhild	properNoun	swe	Torhild	properNoun	nor
Eilertson	properNoun	swe	Eilertson	properNoun	nor
Lindvik	properNoun	swe	Lindvik	properNoun	nor
Leonore	properNoun	swe	Leonore	properNoun	nor
Kalundborg	properNoun	swe	Kalundborg	properNoun	nor
Lunard	properNoun	swe	Lunard	properNoun	nor
Urho	properNoun	swe	Urho	properNoun	nor
Wilhelmine	properNoun	swe	Wilhelmine	properNoun	nor
Kokkala	properNoun	swe	Kokkala	properNoun	nor
Kjerulff	properNoun	swe	Kjerulff	properNoun	nor
Hannuniemi	properNoun	swe	Hannuniemi	properNoun	nor
Fjose	properNoun	swe	Fjose	properNoun	nor
Vakkuri	properNoun	swe	Vakkuri	properNoun	nor
Honka	properNoun	swe	Honka	properNoun	nor
Dalane	properNoun	swe	Dalane	properNoun	nor
Varnjárga	properNoun	swe	Varnjárga	properNoun	nor
Ravnås	properNoun	swe	Ravnås	properNoun	nor
Mikku	properNoun	swe	Mikku	properNoun	nor
Jalo	properNoun	swe	Jalo	properNoun	nor
Reinertson	properNoun	swe	Reinertson	properNoun	nor
Trofås	properNoun	swe	Trofås	properNoun	nor
Dørålseter	properNoun	swe	Dørålseter	properNoun	nor
Unesco	properNoun	swe	Unesco	properNoun	nor
Vekta	properNoun	swe	Vekta	properNoun	nor
Rimpi	properNoun	swe	Rimpi	properNoun	nor
Holager	properNoun	swe	Holager	properNoun	nor
Formann	properNoun	swe	Formann	properNoun	nor
Walkeapää	properNoun	swe	Walkeapää	properNoun	nor
Rolvsnes	properNoun	swe	Rolvsnes	properNoun	nor
Rian	properNoun	swe	Rian	properNoun	nor
Kettinen	properNoun	swe	Kettinen	properNoun	nor
Øyen	properNoun	swe	Øyen	properNoun	nor
Tveit	properNoun	swe	Tveit	properNoun	nor
Bremanger	properNoun	swe	Bremanger	properNoun	nor
Bogen	properNoun	swe	Bogen	properNoun	nor
Emilsen	properNoun	swe	Emilsen	properNoun	nor
Sopanen	properNoun	swe	Sopanen	properNoun	nor
Luumi	properNoun	swe	Luumi	properNoun	nor
Foyn	properNoun	swe	Foyn	properNoun	nor
Rihtáčielgi	properNoun	swe	Rihtáčielgi	properNoun	nor
Annette	properNoun	swe	Annette	properNoun	nor
Ohio	properNoun	swe	Ohio	properNoun	nor
Jonskareng	properNoun	swe	Jonskareng	properNoun	nor
Honko	properNoun	swe	Honko	properNoun	nor
Øyer	properNoun	swe	Øyer	properNoun	nor
Sørensson	properNoun	swe	Sørensson	properNoun	nor
Moisanen	properNoun	swe	Moisanen	properNoun	nor
Bjerten	properNoun	swe	Bjerten	properNoun	nor
Solberg	properNoun	swe	Solberg	properNoun	nor
Eliša	properNoun	swe	Eliša	properNoun	nor
Støvring	properNoun	swe	Støvring	properNoun	nor
Hopstock	properNoun	swe	Hopstock	properNoun	nor
Hauan	properNoun	swe	Hauan	properNoun	nor
Lopperi	properNoun	swe	Lopperi	properNoun	nor
Persson	properNoun	swe	Persson	properNoun	nor
Oppstad	properNoun	swe	Oppstad	properNoun	nor
Ojanaho	properNoun	swe	Ojanaho	properNoun	nor
Loukola	properNoun	swe	Loukola	properNoun	nor
Jukkola	properNoun	swe	Jukkola	properNoun	nor
Helgestad	properNoun	swe	Helgestad	properNoun	nor
Helios	properNoun	swe	Helios	properNoun	nor
Laakko	properNoun	swe	Laakko	properNoun	nor
Suomi	properNoun	swe	Suomi	properNoun	nor
Vilfan	properNoun	swe	Vilfan	properNoun	nor
Majava	properNoun	swe	Majava	properNoun	nor
Härkänen	properNoun	swe	Härkänen	properNoun	nor
Stokkeland	properNoun	swe	Stokkeland	properNoun	nor
Bongo-báddi	properNoun	swe	Bongo-báddi	properNoun	nor
Arponen	properNoun	swe	Arponen	properNoun	nor
Herborg	properNoun	swe	Herborg	properNoun	nor
Äland	properNoun	swe	Äland	properNoun	nor
Pussinen	properNoun	swe	Pussinen	properNoun	nor
Multamäki	properNoun	swe	Multamäki	properNoun	nor
Otelie	properNoun	swe	Otelie	properNoun	nor
Heittola	properNoun	swe	Heittola	properNoun	nor
Ingerid	properNoun	swe	Ingerid	properNoun	nor
Hofseth	properNoun	swe	Hofseth	properNoun	nor
Sulkakoski	properNoun	swe	Sulkakoski	properNoun	nor
Silvennoinen	properNoun	swe	Silvennoinen	properNoun	nor
Jukka	properNoun	swe	Jukka	properNoun	nor
Torstein	properNoun	swe	Torstein	properNoun	nor
Ragnfrid	properNoun	swe	Ragnfrid	properNoun	nor
Hirvimäki	properNoun	swe	Hirvimäki	properNoun	nor
Chomsky	properNoun	swe	Chomsky	properNoun	nor
Toft	properNoun	swe	Toft	properNoun	nor
Nykänen	properNoun	swe	Nykänen	properNoun	nor
Levang	properNoun	swe	Levang	properNoun	nor
Konttinen	properNoun	swe	Konttinen	properNoun	nor
Klemettinen	properNoun	swe	Klemettinen	properNoun	nor
Røyken	properNoun	swe	Røyken	properNoun	nor
Oakland	properNoun	swe	Oakland	properNoun	nor
Merari	properNoun	swe	Merari	properNoun	nor
Lilian	properNoun	swe	Lilian	properNoun	nor
Saastad	properNoun	swe	Saastad	properNoun	nor
Äijänen	properNoun	swe	Äijänen	properNoun	nor
Thiong	properNoun	swe	Thiong	properNoun	nor
Synøve	properNoun	swe	Synøve	properNoun	nor
Lurøy	properNoun	swe	Lurøy	properNoun	nor
Tikkamäki	properNoun	swe	Tikkamäki	properNoun	nor
Stærk	properNoun	swe	Stærk	properNoun	nor
Saltskår	properNoun	swe	Saltskår	properNoun	nor
Førster	properNoun	swe	Førster	properNoun	nor
Aittola	properNoun	swe	Aittola	properNoun	nor
Lásseroavejeaggi	properNoun	swe	Lásseroavejeaggi	properNoun	nor
Rochester	properNoun	swe	Rochester	properNoun	nor
Jussá	properNoun	swe	Jussá	properNoun	nor
Marike	properNoun	swe	Marike	properNoun	nor
Jacobsen	properNoun	swe	Jacobsen	properNoun	nor
Wisbech	properNoun	swe	Wisbech	properNoun	nor
Pehkonen	properNoun	swe	Pehkonen	properNoun	nor
Alamattila	properNoun	swe	Alamattila	properNoun	nor
Svorkmo	properNoun	swe	Svorkmo	properNoun	nor
Aarnes	properNoun	swe	Aarnes	properNoun	nor
Kittilsson	properNoun	swe	Kittilsson	properNoun	nor
Sortland	properNoun	swe	Sortland	properNoun	nor
Baden	properNoun	swe	Baden	properNoun	nor
Yliluoma	properNoun	swe	Yliluoma	properNoun	nor
Paotow	properNoun	swe	Paotow	properNoun	nor
Slyngstad	properNoun	swe	Slyngstad	properNoun	nor
Sjo	properNoun	swe	Sjo	properNoun	nor
Harmanen	properNoun	swe	Harmanen	properNoun	nor
Haase	properNoun	swe	Haase	properNoun	nor
Saarilahti	properNoun	swe	Saarilahti	properNoun	nor
Niinisalo	properNoun	swe	Niinisalo	properNoun	nor
Latvanen	properNoun	swe	Latvanen	properNoun	nor
Bader	properNoun	swe	Bader	properNoun	nor
Trønnes	properNoun	swe	Trønnes	properNoun	nor
Silvino	properNoun	swe	Silvino	properNoun	nor
Justad	properNoun	swe	Justad	properNoun	nor
Flem	properNoun	swe	Flem	properNoun	nor
Gunne	properNoun	swe	Gunne	properNoun	nor
Máhtejávri	properNoun	swe	Máhtejávri	properNoun	nor
Vesalainen	properNoun	swe	Vesalainen	properNoun	nor
Reindriftsnytt	properNoun	swe	Reindriftsnytt	properNoun	nor
Pykälä	properNoun	swe	Pykälä	properNoun	nor
Koskenmäki	properNoun	swe	Koskenmäki	properNoun	nor
Ise	properNoun	swe	Ise	properNoun	nor
Boysen	properNoun	swe	Boysen	properNoun	nor
Arsinoe	properNoun	swe	Arsinoe	properNoun	nor
Nicolaus	properNoun	swe	Nicolaus	properNoun	nor
Tobago	properNoun	swe	Tobago	properNoun	nor
Kaasinen	properNoun	swe	Kaasinen	properNoun	nor
Szczecin	properNoun	swe	Szczecin	properNoun	nor
Peltola	properNoun	swe	Peltola	properNoun	nor
Morganjávri	properNoun	swe	Morganjávri	properNoun	nor
Nicolayson	properNoun	swe	Nicolayson	properNoun	nor
Jæren	properNoun	swe	Jæren	properNoun	nor
Arntson	properNoun	swe	Arntson	properNoun	nor
Ristilä	properNoun	swe	Ristilä	properNoun	nor
Drøbak	properNoun	swe	Drøbak	properNoun	nor
Moseid	properNoun	swe	Moseid	properNoun	nor
Järvimäki	properNoun	swe	Järvimäki	properNoun	nor
Uria	properNoun	swe	Uria	properNoun	nor
Yliantila	properNoun	swe	Yliantila	properNoun	nor
Torstrup	properNoun	swe	Torstrup	properNoun	nor
Hyvärinen	properNoun	swe	Hyvärinen	properNoun	nor
Ølstykke	properNoun	swe	Ølstykke	properNoun	nor
Brynildsen	properNoun	swe	Brynildsen	properNoun	nor
Freia-Marabou	properNoun	swe	Freia-Marabou	properNoun	nor
Tulleng	properNoun	swe	Tulleng	properNoun	nor
Tiihonen	properNoun	swe	Tiihonen	properNoun	nor
Lilletvedt	properNoun	swe	Lilletvedt	properNoun	nor
Vábu	properNoun	swe	Vábu	properNoun	nor
Saladin	properNoun	swe	Saladin	properNoun	nor
Mihkkeljávri	properNoun	swe	Mihkkeljávri	properNoun	nor
Pohjonen	properNoun	swe	Pohjonen	properNoun	nor
Ottavainen	properNoun	swe	Ottavainen	properNoun	nor
Adealerdoaibmagoddi	properNoun	swe	Adealerdoaibmagoddi	properNoun	nor
Gracchus	properNoun	swe	Gracchus	properNoun	nor
Trollheimen	properNoun	swe	Trollheimen	properNoun	nor
Gjertssen	properNoun	swe	Gjertssen	properNoun	nor
Fredie	properNoun	swe	Fredie	properNoun	nor
Liechtenstein	properNoun	swe	Liechtenstein	properNoun	nor
Rasmusson	properNoun	swe	Rasmusson	properNoun	nor
Michaelson	properNoun	swe	Michaelson	properNoun	nor
Hågen	properNoun	swe	Hågen	properNoun	nor
Act	properNoun	swe	Act	properNoun	nor
Island	properNoun	swe	Island	properNoun	nor
Sanderstølen	properNoun	swe	Sanderstølen	properNoun	nor
Marka	properNoun	swe	Marka	properNoun	nor
Fretheim	properNoun	swe	Fretheim	properNoun	nor
Winterfeldt	properNoun	swe	Winterfeldt	properNoun	nor
Schefferus	properNoun	swe	Schefferus	properNoun	nor
Kotonen	properNoun	swe	Kotonen	properNoun	nor
Høgli	properNoun	swe	Høgli	properNoun	nor
Ekerhovd	properNoun	swe	Ekerhovd	properNoun	nor
Crosse	properNoun	swe	Crosse	properNoun	nor
Kennet	properNoun	swe	Kennet	properNoun	nor
Derby	properNoun	swe	Derby	properNoun	nor
Birjjájávri	properNoun	swe	Birjjájávri	properNoun	nor
Poikulainen	properNoun	swe	Poikulainen	properNoun	nor
Nikolaisen	properNoun	swe	Nikolaisen	properNoun	nor
Humber	properNoun	swe	Humber	properNoun	nor
Hanhivaara	properNoun	swe	Hanhivaara	properNoun	nor
Arup	properNoun	swe	Arup	properNoun	nor
Namibia	properNoun	swe	Namibia	properNoun	nor
Ruoho	properNoun	swe	Ruoho	properNoun	nor
Härkin	properNoun	swe	Härkin	properNoun	nor
Valve	properNoun	swe	Valve	properNoun	nor
Orajärvi	properNoun	swe	Orajärvi	properNoun	nor
Eskola	properNoun	swe	Eskola	properNoun	nor
Noa	properNoun	swe	Noa	properNoun	nor
Paul	properNoun	swe	Paul	properNoun	nor
Oran	properNoun	swe	Oran	properNoun	nor
Quisling	properNoun	swe	Quisling	properNoun	nor
Kloester	properNoun	swe	Kloester	properNoun	nor
Valjus	properNoun	swe	Valjus	properNoun	nor
Bergheim	properNoun	swe	Bergheim	properNoun	nor
Nod	properNoun	swe	Nod	properNoun	nor
Finnmárkkuláhka	properNoun	swe	Finnmárkkuláhka	properNoun	nor
Kišinjov	properNoun	swe	Kišinjov	properNoun	nor
Harder	properNoun	swe	Harder	properNoun	nor
Biong	properNoun	swe	Biong	properNoun	nor
Torgeirson	properNoun	swe	Torgeirson	properNoun	nor
Vesanen	properNoun	swe	Vesanen	properNoun	nor
Oras	properNoun	swe	Oras	properNoun	nor
Erichssen	properNoun	swe	Erichssen	properNoun	nor
Káreluokta	properNoun	swe	Káreluokta	properNoun	nor
Paur	properNoun	swe	Paur	properNoun	nor
Stjørdal	properNoun	swe	Stjørdal	properNoun	nor
Niikke	properNoun	swe	Niikke	properNoun	nor
Paus	properNoun	swe	Paus	properNoun	nor
Shabana	properNoun	swe	Shabana	properNoun	nor
Fjernsynskjøkenet	properNoun	swe	Fjernsynskjøkenet	properNoun	nor
Walk	properNoun	swe	Walk	properNoun	nor
Sundelin	properNoun	swe	Sundelin	properNoun	nor
Bjarne	properNoun	swe	Bjarne	properNoun	nor
Wall	properNoun	swe	Wall	properNoun	nor
Marko	properNoun	swe	Marko	properNoun	nor
Luukas	properNoun	swe	Luukas	properNoun	nor
Herland	properNoun	swe	Herland	properNoun	nor
Kjørstad	properNoun	swe	Kjørstad	properNoun	nor
Quebec	properNoun	swe	Quebec	properNoun	nor
Solothurn	properNoun	swe	Solothurn	properNoun	nor
Narinen	properNoun	swe	Narinen	properNoun	nor
Pireus	properNoun	swe	Pireus	properNoun	nor
Lorentsen	properNoun	swe	Lorentsen	properNoun	nor
Anteroinen	properNoun	swe	Anteroinen	properNoun	nor
Ritchie	properNoun	swe	Ritchie	properNoun	nor
Bengtsen	properNoun	swe	Bengtsen	properNoun	nor
Ingegjerd	properNoun	swe	Ingegjerd	properNoun	nor
Raastad	properNoun	swe	Raastad	properNoun	nor
Mentyjärvi	properNoun	swe	Mentyjärvi	properNoun	nor
Holmvik	properNoun	swe	Holmvik	properNoun	nor
Myhr	properNoun	swe	Myhr	properNoun	nor
Namur	properNoun	swe	Namur	properNoun	nor
milorg	properNoun	swe	milorg	properNoun	nor
Tjickom	properNoun	swe	Tjickom	properNoun	nor
Hasvoldseter	properNoun	swe	Hasvoldseter	properNoun	nor
Gjermund	properNoun	swe	Gjermund	properNoun	nor
Aconcagua	properNoun	swe	Aconcagua	properNoun	nor
Raton	properNoun	swe	Raton	properNoun	nor
Ääri	properNoun	swe	Ääri	properNoun	nor
Guise	properNoun	swe	Guise	properNoun	nor
Ludmila	properNoun	swe	Ludmila	properNoun	nor
Arrenden	properNoun	swe	Arrenden	properNoun	nor
Waldrop	properNoun	swe	Waldrop	properNoun	nor
Olavsgaard	properNoun	swe	Olavsgaard	properNoun	nor
Fjodor	properNoun	swe	Fjodor	properNoun	nor
Syvälahti	properNoun	swe	Syvälahti	properNoun	nor
Korasin	properNoun	swe	Korasin	properNoun	nor
Bøen	properNoun	swe	Bøen	properNoun	nor
Torneå	properNoun	swe	Torneå	properNoun	nor
Tvenge	properNoun	swe	Tvenge	properNoun	nor
Torgersen	properNoun	swe	Torgersen	properNoun	nor
Murtovaara	properNoun	swe	Murtovaara	properNoun	nor
Alzheimer	properNoun	swe	Alzheimer	properNoun	nor
Bergesen	properNoun	swe	Bergesen	properNoun	nor
Wiger	properNoun	swe	Wiger	properNoun	nor
Sørby	properNoun	swe	Sørby	properNoun	nor
Mikhail	properNoun	swe	Mikhail	properNoun	nor
Ropponen	properNoun	swe	Ropponen	properNoun	nor
Mandrup	properNoun	swe	Mandrup	properNoun	nor
Enniskillen	properNoun	swe	Enniskillen	properNoun	nor
Dover	properNoun	swe	Dover	properNoun	nor
Svinsaas	properNoun	swe	Svinsaas	properNoun	nor
Sauvala	properNoun	swe	Sauvala	properNoun	nor
Rocheteau	properNoun	swe	Rocheteau	properNoun	nor
Oberhausen	properNoun	swe	Oberhausen	properNoun	nor
Høgden	properNoun	swe	Høgden	properNoun	nor
Hundvin	properNoun	swe	Hundvin	properNoun	nor
Hjallerup	properNoun	swe	Hjallerup	properNoun	nor
Fibonacci	properNoun	swe	Fibonacci	properNoun	nor
Gerd	properNoun	swe	Gerd	properNoun	nor
Katiska	properNoun	swe	Katiska	properNoun	nor
Finnmark	properNoun	swe	Finnmark	properNoun	nor
Kujansuu	properNoun	swe	Kujansuu	properNoun	nor
Lars-Nila	properNoun	swe	Lars-Nila	properNoun	nor
Marila	properNoun	swe	Marila	properNoun	nor
Arinbjørn	properNoun	swe	Arinbjørn	properNoun	nor
Himmelbjerget	properNoun	swe	Himmelbjerget	properNoun	nor
Sandøy	properNoun	swe	Sandøy	properNoun	nor
Haakonsvern	properNoun	swe	Haakonsvern	properNoun	nor
Čohkoaivvejávri	properNoun	swe	Čohkoaivvejávri	properNoun	nor
Ski	properNoun	swe	Ski	properNoun	nor
Grense-Jakobselv	properNoun	swe	Grense-Jakobselv	properNoun	nor
Ámmongárggu	properNoun	swe	Ámmongárggu	properNoun	nor
Reissiger	properNoun	swe	Reissiger	properNoun	nor
Koper	properNoun	swe	Koper	properNoun	nor
Brønderslev	properNoun	swe	Brønderslev	properNoun	nor
Akkanen	properNoun	swe	Akkanen	properNoun	nor
Vuorimaa	properNoun	swe	Vuorimaa	properNoun	nor
Haikara	properNoun	swe	Haikara	properNoun	nor
Børgesen	properNoun	swe	Børgesen	properNoun	nor
Atlatveit	properNoun	swe	Atlatveit	properNoun	nor
Vigdal	properNoun	swe	Vigdal	properNoun	nor
Sælthun	properNoun	swe	Sælthun	properNoun	nor
Pirak	properNoun	swe	Pirak	properNoun	nor
Fagervold	properNoun	swe	Fagervold	properNoun	nor
Altaelva	properNoun	swe	Altaelva	properNoun	nor
Ulrikson	properNoun	swe	Ulrikson	properNoun	nor
Buljo	properNoun	swe	Buljo	properNoun	nor
Buffalo	properNoun	swe	Buffalo	properNoun	nor
Tarvainen	properNoun	swe	Tarvainen	properNoun	nor
Markuksela	properNoun	swe	Markuksela	properNoun	nor
Gullborg	properNoun	swe	Gullborg	properNoun	nor
Termonen	properNoun	swe	Termonen	properNoun	nor
Laaksonen	properNoun	swe	Laaksonen	properNoun	nor
Kyffhäuser	properNoun	swe	Kyffhäuser	properNoun	nor
Ándarguolban	properNoun	swe	Ándarguolban	properNoun	nor
Ylimäki	properNoun	swe	Ylimäki	properNoun	nor
Roikanen	properNoun	swe	Roikanen	properNoun	nor
Kangasvieri	properNoun	swe	Kangasvieri	properNoun	nor
Gers	properNoun	swe	Gers	properNoun	nor
Gøran	properNoun	swe	Gøran	properNoun	nor
Ada	properNoun	swe	Ada	properNoun	nor
Hirsimäki	properNoun	swe	Hirsimäki	properNoun	nor
Gert	properNoun	swe	Gert	properNoun	nor
Sveen	properNoun	swe	Sveen	properNoun	nor
Koikkalainen	properNoun	swe	Koikkalainen	properNoun	nor
Simbel	properNoun	swe	Simbel	properNoun	nor
Wolin	properNoun	swe	Wolin	properNoun	nor
Rännäli	properNoun	swe	Rännäli	properNoun	nor
Ditmar	properNoun	swe	Ditmar	properNoun	nor
Flatanger	properNoun	swe	Flatanger	properNoun	nor
Schulstad	properNoun	swe	Schulstad	properNoun	nor
Kämäräinen	properNoun	swe	Kämäräinen	properNoun	nor
Illimani	properNoun	swe	Illimani	properNoun	nor
München	properNoun	swe	München	properNoun	nor
Ragde	properNoun	swe	Ragde	properNoun	nor
Lunkka	properNoun	swe	Lunkka	properNoun	nor
Lehtoniemi	properNoun	swe	Lehtoniemi	properNoun	nor
Mäkipelto	properNoun	swe	Mäkipelto	properNoun	nor
Bivkin	properNoun	swe	Bivkin	properNoun	nor
USA	properNoun	swe	USA	properNoun	nor
Segalstad	properNoun	swe	Segalstad	properNoun	nor
Boyne	properNoun	swe	Boyne	properNoun	nor
Edvart	properNoun	swe	Edvart	properNoun	nor
Ziller	properNoun	swe	Ziller	properNoun	nor
Joppejávri	properNoun	swe	Joppejávri	properNoun	nor
Hernetkoski	properNoun	swe	Hernetkoski	properNoun	nor
Eronen	properNoun	swe	Eronen	properNoun	nor
Arve	properNoun	swe	Arve	properNoun	nor
Savikko	properNoun	swe	Savikko	properNoun	nor
Pylkäs	properNoun	swe	Pylkäs	properNoun	nor
Mákkávárri	properNoun	swe	Mákkávárri	properNoun	nor
Taponen	properNoun	swe	Taponen	properNoun	nor
Ikäheimo	properNoun	swe	Ikäheimo	properNoun	nor
Løland	properNoun	swe	Løland	properNoun	nor
Hverfjall	properNoun	swe	Hverfjall	properNoun	nor
Grønn	properNoun	swe	Grønn	properNoun	nor
Giuseppe	properNoun	swe	Giuseppe	properNoun	nor
Gálláskáidi	properNoun	swe	Gálláskáidi	properNoun	nor
Penge	properNoun	swe	Penge	properNoun	nor
Ottem	properNoun	swe	Ottem	properNoun	nor
Kild	properNoun	swe	Kild	properNoun	nor
Erkkesavu	properNoun	swe	Erkkesavu	properNoun	nor
Mexicogolfen	properNoun	swe	Mexicogolfen	properNoun	nor
Kile	properNoun	swe	Kile	properNoun	nor
Jane	properNoun	swe	Jane	properNoun	nor
King's	properNoun	swe	King's	properNoun	nor
Puolakka	properNoun	swe	Puolakka	properNoun	nor
Karimäki	properNoun	swe	Karimäki	properNoun	nor
Hiltula	properNoun	swe	Hiltula	properNoun	nor
Dehli	properNoun	swe	Dehli	properNoun	nor
Eide	properNoun	swe	Eide	properNoun	nor
Sverdlovsk	properNoun	swe	Sverdlovsk	properNoun	nor
Stakkestad	properNoun	swe	Stakkestad	properNoun	nor
Muttilainen	properNoun	swe	Muttilainen	properNoun	nor
Guttorm	properNoun	swe	Guttorm	properNoun	nor
Arvo	properNoun	swe	Arvo	properNoun	nor
Victoria	properNoun	swe	Victoria	properNoun	nor
Skovsen	properNoun	swe	Skovsen	properNoun	nor
Piuva	properNoun	swe	Piuva	properNoun	nor
Norlemann	properNoun	swe	Norlemann	properNoun	nor
Skaug	properNoun	swe	Skaug	properNoun	nor
Hovila	properNoun	swe	Hovila	properNoun	nor
Alymov	properNoun	swe	Alymov	properNoun	nor
Sjælland	properNoun	swe	Sjælland	properNoun	nor
Rica	properNoun	swe	Rica	properNoun	nor
Pirilä	properNoun	swe	Pirilä	properNoun	nor
Lindkvist	properNoun	swe	Lindkvist	properNoun	nor
Tysnes	properNoun	swe	Tysnes	properNoun	nor
Biscaya	properNoun	swe	Biscaya	properNoun	nor
Rockford	properNoun	swe	Rockford	properNoun	nor
Laufer	properNoun	swe	Laufer	properNoun	nor
Rautiala	properNoun	swe	Rautiala	properNoun	nor
Jann	properNoun	swe	Jann	properNoun	nor
Skaun	properNoun	swe	Skaun	properNoun	nor
Flåm	properNoun	swe	Flåm	properNoun	nor
Langholt	properNoun	swe	Langholt	properNoun	nor
Volda	properNoun	swe	Volda	properNoun	nor
Thailand	properNoun	swe	Thailand	properNoun	nor
Jurbmu	properNoun	swe	Jurbmu	properNoun	nor
Aadal	properNoun	swe	Aadal	properNoun	nor
Jon-Arne	properNoun	swe	Jon-Arne	properNoun	nor
Øysang	properNoun	swe	Øysang	properNoun	nor
Sivula	properNoun	swe	Sivula	properNoun	nor
Siitari	properNoun	swe	Siitari	properNoun	nor
Colin	properNoun	swe	Colin	properNoun	nor
Sharon	properNoun	swe	Sharon	properNoun	nor
Londrina	properNoun	swe	Londrina	properNoun	nor
Tertnes	properNoun	swe	Tertnes	properNoun	nor
Reksteren	properNoun	swe	Reksteren	properNoun	nor
Unhjem	properNoun	swe	Unhjem	properNoun	nor
Rauvala	properNoun	swe	Rauvala	properNoun	nor
Grøtterud	properNoun	swe	Grøtterud	properNoun	nor
Vulle	properNoun	swe	Vulle	properNoun	nor
Alfred	properNoun	swe	Alfred	properNoun	nor
Lehmuskallio	properNoun	swe	Lehmuskallio	properNoun	nor
Mathisdatter	properNoun	swe	Mathisdatter	properNoun	nor
Vulli	properNoun	swe	Vulli	properNoun	nor
Ensio	properNoun	swe	Ensio	properNoun	nor
Eerik	properNoun	swe	Eerik	properNoun	nor
Rollag	properNoun	swe	Rollag	properNoun	nor
Rico	properNoun	swe	Rico	properNoun	nor
Sør-Tyrol	properNoun	swe	Sør-Tyrol	properNoun	nor
Isdalstø	properNoun	swe	Isdalstø	properNoun	nor
Grünerløkka	properNoun	swe	Grünerløkka	properNoun	nor
Wanda	properNoun	swe	Wanda	properNoun	nor
Silver	properNoun	swe	Silver	properNoun	nor
Lough	properNoun	swe	Lough	properNoun	nor
Kerkkänen	properNoun	swe	Kerkkänen	properNoun	nor
Hauch	properNoun	swe	Hauch	properNoun	nor
Haslev	properNoun	swe	Haslev	properNoun	nor
More	properNoun	swe	More	properNoun	nor
Dyb	properNoun	swe	Dyb	properNoun	nor
Syvänen	properNoun	swe	Syvänen	properNoun	nor
Vesterisen	properNoun	swe	Vesterisen	properNoun	nor
Tikanoja	properNoun	swe	Tikanoja	properNoun	nor
Klaastad	properNoun	swe	Klaastad	properNoun	nor
Kankaanranta	properNoun	swe	Kankaanranta	properNoun	nor
Rælingen	properNoun	swe	Rælingen	properNoun	nor
Karasjok	properNoun	swe	Karasjok	properNoun	nor
Vuollet	properNoun	swe	Vuollet	properNoun	nor
Knuuti	properNoun	swe	Knuuti	properNoun	nor
Buavåg	properNoun	swe	Buavåg	properNoun	nor
Mortensson	properNoun	swe	Mortensson	properNoun	nor
Stenerud	properNoun	swe	Stenerud	properNoun	nor
Kjærulff	properNoun	swe	Kjærulff	properNoun	nor
Stavanger	properNoun	swe	Stavanger	properNoun	nor
Mork	properNoun	swe	Mork	properNoun	nor
Kassel	properNoun	swe	Kassel	properNoun	nor
Majkop	properNoun	swe	Majkop	properNoun	nor
Solveig	properNoun	swe	Solveig	properNoun	nor
Nikosia	properNoun	swe	Nikosia	properNoun	nor
Blackpool	properNoun	swe	Blackpool	properNoun	nor
Serritslev	properNoun	swe	Serritslev	properNoun	nor
Galterud	properNoun	swe	Galterud	properNoun	nor
Fisher	properNoun	swe	Fisher	properNoun	nor
Uvllá	properNoun	swe	Uvllá	properNoun	nor
Rolfsen	properNoun	swe	Rolfsen	properNoun	nor
Simensson	properNoun	swe	Simensson	properNoun	nor
Vamdrup	properNoun	swe	Vamdrup	properNoun	nor
Seuranen	properNoun	swe	Seuranen	properNoun	nor
Ödeshög	properNoun	swe	Ödeshög	properNoun	nor
Schambug	properNoun	swe	Schambug	properNoun	nor
Laukas	properNoun	swe	Laukas	properNoun	nor
Knudsson	properNoun	swe	Knudsson	properNoun	nor
Synne	properNoun	swe	Synne	properNoun	nor
Mansikka-aho	properNoun	swe	Mansikka-aho	properNoun	nor
Head	properNoun	swe	Head	properNoun	nor
Dysterud	properNoun	swe	Dysterud	properNoun	nor
Snellman	properNoun	swe	Snellman	properNoun	nor
Vihersalo	properNoun	swe	Vihersalo	properNoun	nor
Sølvberg	properNoun	swe	Sølvberg	properNoun	nor
Schleswig	properNoun	swe	Schleswig	properNoun	nor
Kofod	properNoun	swe	Kofod	properNoun	nor
Collins	properNoun	swe	Collins	properNoun	nor
Jannike	properNoun	swe	Jannike	properNoun	nor
Larinen	properNoun	swe	Larinen	properNoun	nor
Haughom	properNoun	swe	Haughom	properNoun	nor
Inghild	properNoun	swe	Inghild	properNoun	nor
Anniken	properNoun	swe	Anniken	properNoun	nor
Espoo	properNoun	swe	Espoo	properNoun	nor
Publius	properNoun	swe	Publius	properNoun	nor
Neil	properNoun	swe	Neil	properNoun	nor
Tomren	properNoun	swe	Tomren	properNoun	nor
Overvåg	properNoun	swe	Overvåg	properNoun	nor
Iso-oja	properNoun	swe	Iso-oja	properNoun	nor
Hurmalainen	properNoun	swe	Hurmalainen	properNoun	nor
Tuomikoski	properNoun	swe	Tuomikoski	properNoun	nor
Spilling	properNoun	swe	Spilling	properNoun	nor
Adealer	properNoun	swe	Adealer	properNoun	nor
Márja	properNoun	swe	Márja	properNoun	nor
Lähteelä	properNoun	swe	Lähteelä	properNoun	nor
Hosio	properNoun	swe	Hosio	properNoun	nor
Heatta	properNoun	swe	Heatta	properNoun	nor
Barjesus	properNoun	swe	Barjesus	properNoun	nor
Ritari	properNoun	swe	Ritari	properNoun	nor
Luhtanen	properNoun	swe	Luhtanen	properNoun	nor
Tangerud	properNoun	swe	Tangerud	properNoun	nor
Pitkäjärvi	properNoun	swe	Pitkäjärvi	properNoun	nor
Batseba	properNoun	swe	Batseba	properNoun	nor
Vihanta	properNoun	swe	Vihanta	properNoun	nor
Kerkelä	properNoun	swe	Kerkelä	properNoun	nor
Michalsen	properNoun	swe	Michalsen	properNoun	nor
Taylor	properNoun	swe	Taylor	properNoun	nor
Laapio	properNoun	swe	Laapio	properNoun	nor
Høyum	properNoun	swe	Høyum	properNoun	nor
Edit	properNoun	swe	Edit	properNoun	nor
Resenianus	properNoun	swe	Resenianus	properNoun	nor
Pörsti	properNoun	swe	Pörsti	properNoun	nor
Haukilahti	properNoun	swe	Haukilahti	properNoun	nor
Guriidna	properNoun	swe	Guriidna	properNoun	nor
Jáhkobačohkat	properNoun	swe	Jáhkobačohkat	properNoun	nor
Svakko	properNoun	swe	Svakko	properNoun	nor
Grange	properNoun	swe	Grange	properNoun	nor
Barsabbas	properNoun	swe	Barsabbas	properNoun	nor
Horten	properNoun	swe	Horten	properNoun	nor
Rubena	properNoun	swe	Rubena	properNoun	nor
Vienonen	properNoun	swe	Vienonen	properNoun	nor
Skjønberg	properNoun	swe	Skjønberg	properNoun	nor
Blomli	properNoun	swe	Blomli	properNoun	nor
Bjørgvin	properNoun	swe	Bjørgvin	properNoun	nor
Viikanjárga	properNoun	swe	Viikanjárga	properNoun	nor
Ruusumaa	properNoun	swe	Ruusumaa	properNoun	nor
Laurinen	properNoun	swe	Laurinen	properNoun	nor
Nopanen	properNoun	swe	Nopanen	properNoun	nor
Hursley	properNoun	swe	Hursley	properNoun	nor
Hunsager	properNoun	swe	Hunsager	properNoun	nor
Geithus	properNoun	swe	Geithus	properNoun	nor
Sundseth	properNoun	swe	Sundseth	properNoun	nor
Lampola	properNoun	swe	Lampola	properNoun	nor
Laihonlaakso	properNoun	swe	Laihonlaakso	properNoun	nor
Gjende	properNoun	swe	Gjende	properNoun	nor
Vihanto	properNoun	swe	Vihanto	properNoun	nor
Monrovia	properNoun	swe	Monrovia	properNoun	nor
Little	properNoun	swe	Little	properNoun	nor
Áborášša	properNoun	swe	Áborášša	properNoun	nor
Willhelm	properNoun	swe	Willhelm	properNoun	nor
Sør-Kina	properNoun	swe	Sør-Kina	properNoun	nor
Agnar	properNoun	swe	Agnar	properNoun	nor
Ruotanen	properNoun	swe	Ruotanen	properNoun	nor
Kettu	properNoun	swe	Kettu	properNoun	nor
Svein-Erik	properNoun	swe	Svein-Erik	properNoun	nor
Toressen	properNoun	swe	Toressen	properNoun	nor
Friman	properNoun	swe	Friman	properNoun	nor
Eskonsipo	properNoun	swe	Eskonsipo	properNoun	nor
Cartagena	properNoun	swe	Cartagena	properNoun	nor
Kokki	properNoun	swe	Kokki	properNoun	nor
Bastiansen	properNoun	swe	Bastiansen	properNoun	nor
Austfjordgrend	properNoun	swe	Austfjordgrend	properNoun	nor
Ptolemais	properNoun	swe	Ptolemais	properNoun	nor
Elmer	properNoun	swe	Elmer	properNoun	nor
Victoriafallene	properNoun	swe	Victoriafallene	properNoun	nor
Setskog	properNoun	swe	Setskog	properNoun	nor
Suzuki	properNoun	swe	Suzuki	properNoun	nor
Løgstør	properNoun	swe	Løgstør	properNoun	nor
Honna	properNoun	swe	Honna	properNoun	nor
Viitaharju	properNoun	swe	Viitaharju	properNoun	nor
Søndergaard	properNoun	swe	Søndergaard	properNoun	nor
Rekilä	properNoun	swe	Rekilä	properNoun	nor
Falsen	properNoun	swe	Falsen	properNoun	nor
Rubens	properNoun	swe	Rubens	properNoun	nor
Wang	properNoun	swe	Wang	properNoun	nor
Løkkeberg	properNoun	swe	Løkkeberg	properNoun	nor
Ibiza	properNoun	swe	Ibiza	properNoun	nor
Savinainen	properNoun	swe	Savinainen	properNoun	nor
Kokko	properNoun	swe	Kokko	properNoun	nor
Välkky	properNoun	swe	Välkky	properNoun	nor
Honne	properNoun	swe	Honne	properNoun	nor
Bombardier	properNoun	swe	Bombardier	properNoun	nor
Biernamoski	properNoun	swe	Biernamoski	properNoun	nor
Malmö	properNoun	swe	Malmö	properNoun	nor
Hekate	properNoun	swe	Hekate	properNoun	nor
Runessen	properNoun	swe	Runessen	properNoun	nor
Hermine	properNoun	swe	Hermine	properNoun	nor
Sigersvold	properNoun	swe	Sigersvold	properNoun	nor
Ballstad	properNoun	swe	Ballstad	properNoun	nor
Rieck	properNoun	swe	Rieck	properNoun	nor
Inkiläinen	properNoun	swe	Inkiläinen	properNoun	nor
Villanen	properNoun	swe	Villanen	properNoun	nor
Polden	properNoun	swe	Polden	properNoun	nor
Mehlen	properNoun	swe	Mehlen	properNoun	nor
Aronson	properNoun	swe	Aronson	properNoun	nor
Arlanda	properNoun	swe	Arlanda	properNoun	nor
Eiderkanála	properNoun	swe	Eiderkanála	properNoun	nor
Thorbjørnssen	properNoun	swe	Thorbjørnssen	properNoun	nor
Hestnes	properNoun	swe	Hestnes	properNoun	nor
Nickel	properNoun	swe	Nickel	properNoun	nor
Jumpponen	properNoun	swe	Jumpponen	properNoun	nor
Riittá	properNoun	swe	Riittá	properNoun	nor
Louhi	properNoun	swe	Louhi	properNoun	nor
Corneliusen	properNoun	swe	Corneliusen	properNoun	nor
Zernichow	properNoun	swe	Zernichow	properNoun	nor
Karjanlahti	properNoun	swe	Karjanlahti	properNoun	nor
Kultanen	properNoun	swe	Kultanen	properNoun	nor
Karinen	properNoun	swe	Karinen	properNoun	nor
Schur	properNoun	swe	Schur	properNoun	nor
Bottolfsen	properNoun	swe	Bottolfsen	properNoun	nor
Pollux	properNoun	swe	Pollux	properNoun	nor
Wilhelmshaven	properNoun	swe	Wilhelmshaven	properNoun	nor
Bikkágohppi	properNoun	swe	Bikkágohppi	properNoun	nor
Bæivi	properNoun	swe	Bæivi	properNoun	nor
Noah	properNoun	swe	Noah	properNoun	nor
Samuli	properNoun	swe	Samuli	properNoun	nor
Nikodemus	properNoun	swe	Nikodemus	properNoun	nor
Hallvard	properNoun	swe	Hallvard	properNoun	nor
Qvæn	properNoun	swe	Qvæn	properNoun	nor
Wiggo	properNoun	swe	Wiggo	properNoun	nor
Noralf	properNoun	swe	Noralf	properNoun	nor
Lucia	properNoun	swe	Lucia	properNoun	nor
Näveri	properNoun	swe	Näveri	properNoun	nor
Mäntynen	properNoun	swe	Mäntynen	properNoun	nor
Koskela	properNoun	swe	Koskela	properNoun	nor
Heidelberg	properNoun	swe	Heidelberg	properNoun	nor
Løfsgaard	properNoun	swe	Løfsgaard	properNoun	nor
Kosova	properNoun	swe	Kosova	properNoun	nor
Mahalat	properNoun	swe	Mahalat	properNoun	nor
Fay	properNoun	swe	Fay	properNoun	nor
Semarang	properNoun	swe	Semarang	properNoun	nor
Lanabukt	properNoun	swe	Lanabukt	properNoun	nor
Koppel	properNoun	swe	Koppel	properNoun	nor
Josva	properNoun	swe	Josva	properNoun	nor
Lucie	properNoun	swe	Lucie	properNoun	nor
Mastemyr	properNoun	swe	Mastemyr	properNoun	nor
Oostende	properNoun	swe	Oostende	properNoun	nor
Einarson	properNoun	swe	Einarson	properNoun	nor
Riipinen	properNoun	swe	Riipinen	properNoun	nor
Moss	properNoun	swe	Moss	properNoun	nor
Knin	properNoun	swe	Knin	properNoun	nor
Smirre	properNoun	swe	Smirre	properNoun	nor
Lindhjem	properNoun	swe	Lindhjem	properNoun	nor
Svestad	properNoun	swe	Svestad	properNoun	nor
Short	properNoun	swe	Short	properNoun	nor
Häkkänen	properNoun	swe	Häkkänen	properNoun	nor
Dolpi	properNoun	swe	Dolpi	properNoun	nor
Bismarck	properNoun	swe	Bismarck	properNoun	nor
Marina	properNoun	swe	Marina	properNoun	nor
Tommila	properNoun	swe	Tommila	properNoun	nor
Pleven	properNoun	swe	Pleven	properNoun	nor
Hebe	properNoun	swe	Hebe	properNoun	nor
Borrisen	properNoun	swe	Borrisen	properNoun	nor
Rigoberta	properNoun	swe	Rigoberta	properNoun	nor
Iŋgá	properNoun	swe	Iŋgá	properNoun	nor
Maskhadov	properNoun	swe	Maskhadov	properNoun	nor
Besançon	properNoun	swe	Besançon	properNoun	nor
Tønnessen	properNoun	swe	Tønnessen	properNoun	nor
Shetelig	properNoun	swe	Shetelig	properNoun	nor
Koskelo	properNoun	swe	Koskelo	properNoun	nor
Harakka	properNoun	swe	Harakka	properNoun	nor
Murtola	properNoun	swe	Murtola	properNoun	nor
Kosovo	properNoun	swe	Kosovo	properNoun	nor
Eerikkilä	properNoun	swe	Eerikkilä	properNoun	nor
Haave	properNoun	swe	Haave	properNoun	nor
Christie	properNoun	swe	Christie	properNoun	nor
Siekkinen	properNoun	swe	Siekkinen	properNoun	nor
Masterud	properNoun	swe	Masterud	properNoun	nor
Bjøberg	properNoun	swe	Bjøberg	properNoun	nor
Bergqvist	properNoun	swe	Bergqvist	properNoun	nor
Tero	properNoun	swe	Tero	properNoun	nor
Finsrud	properNoun	swe	Finsrud	properNoun	nor
Castle	properNoun	swe	Castle	properNoun	nor
Lervoll	properNoun	swe	Lervoll	properNoun	nor
Hillerød	properNoun	swe	Hillerød	properNoun	nor
Ive	properNoun	swe	Ive	properNoun	nor
Haraldson	properNoun	swe	Haraldson	properNoun	nor
Bertel	properNoun	swe	Bertel	properNoun	nor
Marino	properNoun	swe	Marino	properNoun	nor
Beelsebub	properNoun	swe	Beelsebub	properNoun	nor
Bjarkøy	properNoun	swe	Bjarkøy	properNoun	nor
Christin	properNoun	swe	Christin	properNoun	nor
Uotinen	properNoun	swe	Uotinen	properNoun	nor
Russvik	properNoun	swe	Russvik	properNoun	nor
Moldestad	properNoun	swe	Moldestad	properNoun	nor
Hellvik	properNoun	swe	Hellvik	properNoun	nor
Hallstein	properNoun	swe	Hallstein	properNoun	nor
Sjevardnadze	properNoun	swe	Sjevardnadze	properNoun	nor
Meyerhold	properNoun	swe	Meyerhold	properNoun	nor
Getz	properNoun	swe	Getz	properNoun	nor
Angus	properNoun	swe	Angus	properNoun	nor
Andreson	properNoun	swe	Andreson	properNoun	nor
Rantalainen	properNoun	swe	Rantalainen	properNoun	nor
Sahelbeltet	properNoun	swe	Sahelbeltet	properNoun	nor
Wensel	properNoun	swe	Wensel	properNoun	nor
Rahikkala	properNoun	swe	Rahikkala	properNoun	nor
Pohto	properNoun	swe	Pohto	properNoun	nor
Swaziland	properNoun	swe	Swaziland	properNoun	nor
Keijonen	properNoun	swe	Keijonen	properNoun	nor
Mount	properNoun	swe	Mount	properNoun	nor
Mandela	properNoun	swe	Mandela	properNoun	nor
Mont-Saint-Michel	properNoun	swe	Mont-Saint-Michel	properNoun	nor
Palovaara	properNoun	swe	Palovaara	properNoun	nor
Langeland	properNoun	swe	Langeland	properNoun	nor
Lensbygda	properNoun	swe	Lensbygda	properNoun	nor
Torolf	properNoun	swe	Torolf	properNoun	nor
Kina	properNoun	swe	Kina	properNoun	nor
Tøndel	properNoun	swe	Tøndel	properNoun	nor
Jylhä	properNoun	swe	Jylhä	properNoun	nor
Benkow	properNoun	swe	Benkow	properNoun	nor
Arajärvi	properNoun	swe	Arajärvi	properNoun	nor
Ylinen	properNoun	swe	Ylinen	properNoun	nor
Riksrevisjonen	properNoun	swe	Riksrevisjonen	properNoun	nor
Helppolainen	properNoun	swe	Helppolainen	properNoun	nor
Europa	properNoun	swe	Europa	properNoun	nor
Tarkkonen	properNoun	swe	Tarkkonen	properNoun	nor
Garshol	properNoun	swe	Garshol	properNoun	nor
Ovllásavu	properNoun	swe	Ovllásavu	properNoun	nor
Kine	properNoun	swe	Kine	properNoun	nor
Izmir	properNoun	swe	Izmir	properNoun	nor
Reinholdtsen	properNoun	swe	Reinholdtsen	properNoun	nor
Årvåg	properNoun	swe	Årvåg	properNoun	nor
Wikström	properNoun	swe	Wikström	properNoun	nor
Pulkka	properNoun	swe	Pulkka	properNoun	nor
King	properNoun	swe	King	properNoun	nor
Åsane	properNoun	swe	Åsane	properNoun	nor
Tønder	properNoun	swe	Tønder	properNoun	nor
Santonen	properNoun	swe	Santonen	properNoun	nor
Frisach	properNoun	swe	Frisach	properNoun	nor
Holmenkollen	properNoun	swe	Holmenkollen	properNoun	nor
Xin	properNoun	swe	Xin	properNoun	nor
Suomenrinne	properNoun	swe	Suomenrinne	properNoun	nor
Hentto	properNoun	swe	Hentto	properNoun	nor
Thorstenssen	properNoun	swe	Thorstenssen	properNoun	nor
Helander	properNoun	swe	Helander	properNoun	nor
Hannila	properNoun	swe	Hannila	properNoun	nor
Margunn	properNoun	swe	Margunn	properNoun	nor
Montonen	properNoun	swe	Montonen	properNoun	nor
Farrell	properNoun	swe	Farrell	properNoun	nor
Grenoble-OL	properNoun	swe	Grenoble-OL	properNoun	nor
Sergei	properNoun	swe	Sergei	properNoun	nor
Dahl	properNoun	swe	Dahl	properNoun	nor
Dahm	properNoun	swe	Dahm	properNoun	nor
Kinn	properNoun	swe	Kinn	properNoun	nor
Rávnnajohka	properNoun	swe	Rávnnajohka	properNoun	nor
Setúbal	properNoun	swe	Setúbal	properNoun	nor
Pulkki	properNoun	swe	Pulkki	properNoun	nor
Henttu	properNoun	swe	Henttu	properNoun	nor
Eckhoff	properNoun	swe	Eckhoff	properNoun	nor
Mansikkala	properNoun	swe	Mansikkala	properNoun	nor
Ole-Kristian	properNoun	swe	Ole-Kristian	properNoun	nor
Torolv	properNoun	swe	Torolv	properNoun	nor
Kolberg	properNoun	swe	Kolberg	properNoun	nor
Schacktavl	properNoun	swe	Schacktavl	properNoun	nor
Bradford	properNoun	swe	Bradford	properNoun	nor
Leammu	properNoun	swe	Leammu	properNoun	nor
Hinge	properNoun	swe	Hinge	properNoun	nor
Herigstad	properNoun	swe	Herigstad	properNoun	nor
Wedel-Jarlsberg	properNoun	swe	Wedel-Jarlsberg	properNoun	nor
Stoke-on-Trent	properNoun	swe	Stoke-on-Trent	properNoun	nor
Sargassohavet	properNoun	swe	Sargassohavet	properNoun	nor
Damokles	properNoun	swe	Damokles	properNoun	nor
Hatter	properNoun	swe	Hatter	properNoun	nor
Columbia	properNoun	swe	Columbia	properNoun	nor
Luhtala	properNoun	swe	Luhtala	properNoun	nor
Buchholtz	properNoun	swe	Buchholtz	properNoun	nor
Aalst	properNoun	swe	Aalst	properNoun	nor
Greenock	properNoun	swe	Greenock	properNoun	nor
Piispanen	properNoun	swe	Piispanen	properNoun	nor
Gosen	properNoun	swe	Gosen	properNoun	nor
Osterberg	properNoun	swe	Osterberg	properNoun	nor
Lammi	properNoun	swe	Lammi	properNoun	nor
Bennett	properNoun	swe	Bennett	properNoun	nor
Nummi	properNoun	swe	Nummi	properNoun	nor
Melbybråten	properNoun	swe	Melbybråten	properNoun	nor
Haikonen	properNoun	swe	Haikonen	properNoun	nor
Osvald	properNoun	swe	Osvald	properNoun	nor
Søren	properNoun	swe	Søren	properNoun	nor
Romakkaniemi	properNoun	swe	Romakkaniemi	properNoun	nor
Kiukas	properNoun	swe	Kiukas	properNoun	nor
Iljin	properNoun	swe	Iljin	properNoun	nor
Hejlesen	properNoun	swe	Hejlesen	properNoun	nor
Schleswig-Holstein	properNoun	swe	Schleswig-Holstein	properNoun	nor
Pedro	properNoun	swe	Pedro	properNoun	nor
Klette	properNoun	swe	Klette	properNoun	nor
Sagstuen	properNoun	swe	Sagstuen	properNoun	nor
Poikolainen	properNoun	swe	Poikolainen	properNoun	nor
Jamal	properNoun	swe	Jamal	properNoun	nor
Talvik	properNoun	swe	Talvik	properNoun	nor
Taimisto	properNoun	swe	Taimisto	properNoun	nor
Smidt	properNoun	swe	Smidt	properNoun	nor
Kapiainen	properNoun	swe	Kapiainen	properNoun	nor
Reimers	properNoun	swe	Reimers	properNoun	nor
Guivi	properNoun	swe	Guivi	properNoun	nor
Bøhn	properNoun	swe	Bøhn	properNoun	nor
Skjeberg	properNoun	swe	Skjeberg	properNoun	nor
Heaikkajávri	properNoun	swe	Heaikkajávri	properNoun	nor
Ivvárstáda	properNoun	swe	Ivvárstáda	properNoun	nor
Vingrom	properNoun	swe	Vingrom	properNoun	nor
Talvio	properNoun	swe	Talvio	properNoun	nor
Orkladal	properNoun	swe	Orkladal	properNoun	nor
Saint-Exupéry	properNoun	swe	Saint-Exupéry	properNoun	nor
Rudolfsen	properNoun	swe	Rudolfsen	properNoun	nor
Louis	properNoun	swe	Louis	properNoun	nor
Seierstad	properNoun	swe	Seierstad	properNoun	nor
Kärkkäinen	properNoun	swe	Kärkkäinen	properNoun	nor
Braseth	properNoun	swe	Braseth	properNoun	nor
Kongsberg	properNoun	swe	Kongsberg	properNoun	nor
Reiersen	properNoun	swe	Reiersen	properNoun	nor
SINTEF	properNoun	swe	SINTEF	properNoun	nor
Wight	properNoun	swe	Wight	properNoun	nor
Ulcerøs	properNoun	swe	Ulcerøs	properNoun	nor
Bettina	properNoun	swe	Bettina	properNoun	nor
Meland	properNoun	swe	Meland	properNoun	nor
Skalltje	properNoun	swe	Skalltje	properNoun	nor
Kalkas	properNoun	swe	Kalkas	properNoun	nor
Taneli	properNoun	swe	Taneli	properNoun	nor
Torkkeli	properNoun	swe	Torkkeli	properNoun	nor
Ryynänen	properNoun	swe	Ryynänen	properNoun	nor
Melang	properNoun	swe	Melang	properNoun	nor
Kjellevold	properNoun	swe	Kjellevold	properNoun	nor
Hövenmark	properNoun	swe	Hövenmark	properNoun	nor
Askeladden	properNoun	swe	Askeladden	properNoun	nor
Sitten	properNoun	swe	Sitten	properNoun	nor
Harinen	properNoun	swe	Harinen	properNoun	nor
Waltenberg	properNoun	swe	Waltenberg	properNoun	nor
Brænden	properNoun	swe	Brænden	properNoun	nor
Aarnio	properNoun	swe	Aarnio	properNoun	nor
Kjetil	properNoun	swe	Kjetil	properNoun	nor
Fermina	properNoun	swe	Fermina	properNoun	nor
Rolvssen	properNoun	swe	Rolvssen	properNoun	nor
Peine	properNoun	swe	Peine	properNoun	nor
Kortelainen	properNoun	swe	Kortelainen	properNoun	nor
Helgebuollán	properNoun	swe	Helgebuollán	properNoun	nor
Ønnhall	properNoun	swe	Ønnhall	properNoun	nor
Hussi	properNoun	swe	Hussi	properNoun	nor
Farestveit	properNoun	swe	Farestveit	properNoun	nor
Regina	properNoun	swe	Regina	properNoun	nor
Norad	properNoun	swe	Norad	properNoun	nor
Guttormssen	properNoun	swe	Guttormssen	properNoun	nor
Lottanen	properNoun	swe	Lottanen	properNoun	nor
Haipus	properNoun	swe	Haipus	properNoun	nor
Gardermoen	properNoun	swe	Gardermoen	properNoun	nor
Reiding	properNoun	swe	Reiding	properNoun	nor
Gamaliel	properNoun	swe	Gamaliel	properNoun	nor
Sigfrida	properNoun	swe	Sigfrida	properNoun	nor
Hvitekrist	properNoun	swe	Hvitekrist	properNoun	nor
Løndal	properNoun	swe	Løndal	properNoun	nor
Teopompos	properNoun	swe	Teopompos	properNoun	nor
Gunderson	properNoun	swe	Gunderson	properNoun	nor
Bykle	properNoun	swe	Bykle	properNoun	nor
Rabbuni	properNoun	swe	Rabbuni	properNoun	nor
Husso	properNoun	swe	Husso	properNoun	nor
Brynilen	properNoun	swe	Brynilen	properNoun	nor
Aromaa	properNoun	swe	Aromaa	properNoun	nor
Regine	properNoun	swe	Regine	properNoun	nor
Portland	properNoun	swe	Portland	properNoun	nor
Hellebust	properNoun	swe	Hellebust	properNoun	nor
Gladsakse	properNoun	swe	Gladsakse	properNoun	nor
Hietanen	properNoun	swe	Hietanen	properNoun	nor
Aga	properNoun	swe	Aga	properNoun	nor
Tapaninaho	properNoun	swe	Tapaninaho	properNoun	nor
Lintulahti	properNoun	swe	Lintulahti	properNoun	nor
Lilleeng	properNoun	swe	Lilleeng	properNoun	nor
Kuula	properNoun	swe	Kuula	properNoun	nor
Marion	properNoun	swe	Marion	properNoun	nor
Høland	properNoun	swe	Høland	properNoun	nor
Ándarasuvllájeaggi	properNoun	swe	Ándarasuvllájeaggi	properNoun	nor
Truman	properNoun	swe	Truman	properNoun	nor
Loppukaarre	properNoun	swe	Loppukaarre	properNoun	nor
Kallevig	properNoun	swe	Kallevig	properNoun	nor
Gandrup	properNoun	swe	Gandrup	properNoun	nor
Versailles	properNoun	swe	Versailles	properNoun	nor
Samuelsen	properNoun	swe	Samuelsen	properNoun	nor
Koukkunen	properNoun	swe	Koukkunen	properNoun	nor
Kjell-Ivar	properNoun	swe	Kjell-Ivar	properNoun	nor
Carolina	properNoun	swe	Carolina	properNoun	nor
Sundmoen	properNoun	swe	Sundmoen	properNoun	nor
Mathilde	properNoun	swe	Mathilde	properNoun	nor
Jørgensson	properNoun	swe	Jørgensson	properNoun	nor
Søvndahl	properNoun	swe	Søvndahl	properNoun	nor
Strandagohppi	properNoun	swe	Strandagohppi	properNoun	nor
Skinnes	properNoun	swe	Skinnes	properNoun	nor
Väkkäraš-Heaika	properNoun	swe	Väkkäraš-Heaika	properNoun	nor
Ugelstad	properNoun	swe	Ugelstad	properNoun	nor
Iroquois	properNoun	swe	Iroquois	properNoun	nor
Caroline	properNoun	swe	Caroline	properNoun	nor
Venezuela	properNoun	swe	Venezuela	properNoun	nor
Čohk	properNoun	swe	Čohk	properNoun	nor
Pinhas	properNoun	swe	Pinhas	properNoun	nor
Oddveig	properNoun	swe	Oddveig	properNoun	nor
Hagemann	properNoun	swe	Hagemann	properNoun	nor
Arnhild	properNoun	swe	Arnhild	properNoun	nor
Juster	properNoun	swe	Juster	properNoun	nor
Carlos	properNoun	swe	Carlos	properNoun	nor
Hiskia	properNoun	swe	Hiskia	properNoun	nor
Raijas	properNoun	swe	Raijas	properNoun	nor
Bas-Prinssaš	properNoun	swe	Bas-Prinssaš	properNoun	nor
Michigan	properNoun	swe	Michigan	properNoun	nor
Groven	properNoun	swe	Groven	properNoun	nor
Tronnsen	properNoun	swe	Tronnsen	properNoun	nor
Bergsvik	properNoun	swe	Bergsvik	properNoun	nor
Virginia	properNoun	swe	Virginia	properNoun	nor
Vuolukka	properNoun	swe	Vuolukka	properNoun	nor
Bojesen	properNoun	swe	Bojesen	properNoun	nor
Aarset	properNoun	swe	Aarset	properNoun	nor
Solbergelva	properNoun	swe	Solbergelva	properNoun	nor
Bjarnhild	properNoun	swe	Bjarnhild	properNoun	nor
Tennessee	properNoun	swe	Tennessee	properNoun	nor
Sichuan-provinsen	properNoun	swe	Sichuan-provinsen	properNoun	nor
Bråten	properNoun	swe	Bråten	properNoun	nor
Saxegaard	properNoun	swe	Saxegaard	properNoun	nor
Gyda	properNoun	swe	Gyda	properNoun	nor
Wesmann	properNoun	swe	Wesmann	properNoun	nor
Stordahl	properNoun	swe	Stordahl	properNoun	nor
Palmereana	properNoun	swe	Palmereana	properNoun	nor
Løvenskiold	properNoun	swe	Løvenskiold	properNoun	nor
Kaarakainen	properNoun	swe	Kaarakainen	properNoun	nor
Volhov	properNoun	swe	Volhov	properNoun	nor
Pöyhönen	properNoun	swe	Pöyhönen	properNoun	nor
Kvinnefronten	properNoun	swe	Kvinnefronten	properNoun	nor
Monsson	properNoun	swe	Monsson	properNoun	nor
Jonson	properNoun	swe	Jonson	properNoun	nor
Systad	properNoun	swe	Systad	properNoun	nor
Lindbeck	properNoun	swe	Lindbeck	properNoun	nor
Sylvester	properNoun	swe	Sylvester	properNoun	nor
Mouridsen	properNoun	swe	Mouridsen	properNoun	nor
Hardis	properNoun	swe	Hardis	properNoun	nor
Volga	properNoun	swe	Volga	properNoun	nor
Herala	properNoun	swe	Herala	properNoun	nor
Aalto	properNoun	swe	Aalto	properNoun	nor
Bendikson	properNoun	swe	Bendikson	properNoun	nor
Roubaix	properNoun	swe	Roubaix	properNoun	nor
Mustakallio	properNoun	swe	Mustakallio	properNoun	nor
Strandavággi	properNoun	swe	Strandavággi	properNoun	nor
Ahlstrøm	properNoun	swe	Ahlstrøm	properNoun	nor
Herald	properNoun	swe	Herald	properNoun	nor
Murtoniemi	properNoun	swe	Murtoniemi	properNoun	nor
Gaare	properNoun	swe	Gaare	properNoun	nor
Ikaros	properNoun	swe	Ikaros	properNoun	nor
Middagsbukt	properNoun	swe	Middagsbukt	properNoun	nor
Nereus	properNoun	swe	Nereus	properNoun	nor
Lájlá	properNoun	swe	Lájlá	properNoun	nor
Mæhlum	properNoun	swe	Mæhlum	properNoun	nor
Hauff	properNoun	swe	Hauff	properNoun	nor
Kvale	properNoun	swe	Kvale	properNoun	nor
Højvang	properNoun	swe	Højvang	properNoun	nor
Kiang	properNoun	swe	Kiang	properNoun	nor
Ranaelva	properNoun	swe	Ranaelva	properNoun	nor
Pekurinen	properNoun	swe	Pekurinen	properNoun	nor
Luuri	properNoun	swe	Luuri	properNoun	nor
Bodung	properNoun	swe	Bodung	properNoun	nor
Boberg	properNoun	swe	Boberg	properNoun	nor
Alexandra	properNoun	swe	Alexandra	properNoun	nor
Hellesylt	properNoun	swe	Hellesylt	properNoun	nor
Rundberg	properNoun	swe	Rundberg	properNoun	nor
Pufendorf	properNoun	swe	Pufendorf	properNoun	nor
Onesimos	properNoun	swe	Onesimos	properNoun	nor
Parnevik	properNoun	swe	Parnevik	properNoun	nor
Bær	properNoun	swe	Bær	properNoun	nor
Edgeir	properNoun	swe	Edgeir	properNoun	nor
Hakadal	properNoun	swe	Hakadal	properNoun	nor
Tiitta	properNoun	swe	Tiitta	properNoun	nor
Hargreaves	properNoun	swe	Hargreaves	properNoun	nor
Sumstad	properNoun	swe	Sumstad	properNoun	nor
Bierfalanoaivi	properNoun	swe	Bierfalanoaivi	properNoun	nor
Biennejávri	properNoun	swe	Biennejávri	properNoun	nor
Kvisler	properNoun	swe	Kvisler	properNoun	nor
Øygård	properNoun	swe	Øygård	properNoun	nor
Schrumpf	properNoun	swe	Schrumpf	properNoun	nor
Ovedie	properNoun	swe	Ovedie	properNoun	nor
Muhli	properNoun	swe	Muhli	properNoun	nor
Freihow	properNoun	swe	Freihow	properNoun	nor
Alkio	properNoun	swe	Alkio	properNoun	nor
Myklebust	properNoun	swe	Myklebust	properNoun	nor
Svonni	properNoun	swe	Svonni	properNoun	nor
Masternes	properNoun	swe	Masternes	properNoun	nor
Fjermestad	properNoun	swe	Fjermestad	properNoun	nor
Banak	properNoun	swe	Banak	properNoun	nor
Majavatn	properNoun	swe	Majavatn	properNoun	nor
Haukelifjell	properNoun	swe	Haukelifjell	properNoun	nor
Minnesota	properNoun	swe	Minnesota	properNoun	nor
Rafnes	properNoun	swe	Rafnes	properNoun	nor
Moum	properNoun	swe	Moum	properNoun	nor
Ceram	properNoun	swe	Ceram	properNoun	nor
Elmina	properNoun	swe	Elmina	properNoun	nor
Behncke	properNoun	swe	Behncke	properNoun	nor
Ballard	properNoun	swe	Ballard	properNoun	nor
Nemesis	properNoun	swe	Nemesis	properNoun	nor
RBK	properNoun	swe	RBK	properNoun	nor
Treholt	properNoun	swe	Treholt	properNoun	nor
Pietarila	properNoun	swe	Pietarila	properNoun	nor
Eleusis	properNoun	swe	Eleusis	properNoun	nor
Buljojávri	properNoun	swe	Buljojávri	properNoun	nor
Simensen	properNoun	swe	Simensen	properNoun	nor
Bluff	properNoun	swe	Bluff	properNoun	nor
Jacke	properNoun	swe	Jacke	properNoun	nor
Elmine	properNoun	swe	Elmine	properNoun	nor
Øyestad	properNoun	swe	Øyestad	properNoun	nor
Ullbæk	properNoun	swe	Ullbæk	properNoun	nor
Puha	properNoun	swe	Puha	properNoun	nor
Kolderup	properNoun	swe	Kolderup	properNoun	nor
Ballari	properNoun	swe	Ballari	properNoun	nor
Fransisco	properNoun	swe	Fransisco	properNoun	nor
Sámmolčohkajávri	properNoun	swe	Sámmolčohkajávri	properNoun	nor
Leiponen	properNoun	swe	Leiponen	properNoun	nor
Fodnes	properNoun	swe	Fodnes	properNoun	nor
Myyry	properNoun	swe	Myyry	properNoun	nor
Tiitto	properNoun	swe	Tiitto	properNoun	nor
Police	properNoun	swe	Police	properNoun	nor
Kierulf	properNoun	swe	Kierulf	properNoun	nor
Fidel	properNoun	swe	Fidel	properNoun	nor
Uunila	properNoun	swe	Uunila	properNoun	nor
Rantsi	properNoun	swe	Rantsi	properNoun	nor
Sommerchild	properNoun	swe	Sommerchild	properNoun	nor
Stenersen	properNoun	swe	Stenersen	properNoun	nor
Bruno	properNoun	swe	Bruno	properNoun	nor
Fangen	properNoun	swe	Fangen	properNoun	nor
Bårjås	properNoun	swe	Bårjås	properNoun	nor
Tähtinen	properNoun	swe	Tähtinen	properNoun	nor
Narum	properNoun	swe	Narum	properNoun	nor
Jokela	properNoun	swe	Jokela	properNoun	nor
Aagesen	properNoun	swe	Aagesen	properNoun	nor
Edle	properNoun	swe	Edle	properNoun	nor
Folgefonna	properNoun	swe	Folgefonna	properNoun	nor
Sentral-Afrika	properNoun	swe	Sentral-Afrika	properNoun	nor
Koskenranta	properNoun	swe	Koskenranta	properNoun	nor
Augestad	properNoun	swe	Augestad	properNoun	nor
Sol	properNoun	swe	Sol	properNoun	nor
Danilova	properNoun	swe	Danilova	properNoun	nor
Tuhkanen	properNoun	swe	Tuhkanen	properNoun	nor
Maeda	properNoun	swe	Maeda	properNoun	nor
Rautio	properNoun	swe	Rautio	properNoun	nor
Lörrach	properNoun	swe	Lörrach	properNoun	nor
Porsche	properNoun	swe	Porsche	properNoun	nor
Byrkjelo	properNoun	swe	Byrkjelo	properNoun	nor
Terkel	properNoun	swe	Terkel	properNoun	nor
Kristianslund	properNoun	swe	Kristianslund	properNoun	nor
Saksala	properNoun	swe	Saksala	properNoun	nor
Laitiainen	properNoun	swe	Laitiainen	properNoun	nor
Kauppala	properNoun	swe	Kauppala	properNoun	nor
Brochmann	properNoun	swe	Brochmann	properNoun	nor
Hunstad	properNoun	swe	Hunstad	properNoun	nor
Lavikka	properNoun	swe	Lavikka	properNoun	nor
Svein	properNoun	swe	Svein	properNoun	nor
Sveio	properNoun	swe	Sveio	properNoun	nor
Salim	properNoun	swe	Salim	properNoun	nor
Ulvund	properNoun	swe	Ulvund	properNoun	nor
Balmer	properNoun	swe	Balmer	properNoun	nor
Sárá	properNoun	swe	Sárá	properNoun	nor
Wilen	properNoun	swe	Wilen	properNoun	nor
Lumiaho	properNoun	swe	Lumiaho	properNoun	nor
Aunola	properNoun	swe	Aunola	properNoun	nor
Nils-Biehtár	properNoun	swe	Nils-Biehtár	properNoun	nor
Steinfjellet	properNoun	swe	Steinfjellet	properNoun	nor
Saraspää	properNoun	swe	Saraspää	properNoun	nor
Brahmaputra	properNoun	swe	Brahmaputra	properNoun	nor
Čohkavuoleláttu	properNoun	swe	Čohkavuoleláttu	properNoun	nor
Sundeved	properNoun	swe	Sundeved	properNoun	nor
Sairanen	properNoun	swe	Sairanen	properNoun	nor
Häkkilä	properNoun	swe	Häkkilä	properNoun	nor
Ahtinen	properNoun	swe	Ahtinen	properNoun	nor
Akselfjellet	properNoun	swe	Akselfjellet	properNoun	nor
Ajja	properNoun	swe	Ajja	properNoun	nor
Moseng	properNoun	swe	Moseng	properNoun	nor
Obrestad	properNoun	swe	Obrestad	properNoun	nor
Eleonore	properNoun	swe	Eleonore	properNoun	nor
Ösel	properNoun	swe	Ösel	properNoun	nor
Närhi	properNoun	swe	Närhi	properNoun	nor
Aho	properNoun	swe	Aho	properNoun	nor
Saarainen	properNoun	swe	Saarainen	properNoun	nor
Joplin	properNoun	swe	Joplin	properNoun	nor
Barakja	properNoun	swe	Barakja	properNoun	nor
Nord-Yemen	properNoun	swe	Nord-Yemen	properNoun	nor
Uosukainen	properNoun	swe	Uosukainen	properNoun	nor
Ringsager	properNoun	swe	Ringsager	properNoun	nor
Bochum	properNoun	swe	Bochum	properNoun	nor
Prachanda	properNoun	swe	Prachanda	properNoun	nor
Ringebu	properNoun	swe	Ringebu	properNoun	nor
Karsikas	properNoun	swe	Karsikas	properNoun	nor
Golfstrømmen	properNoun	swe	Golfstrømmen	properNoun	nor
Wikstrøm	properNoun	swe	Wikstrøm	properNoun	nor
Fletcher	properNoun	swe	Fletcher	properNoun	nor
Askepott	properNoun	swe	Askepott	properNoun	nor
Aftenposten	properNoun	swe	Aftenposten	properNoun	nor
Wickman	properNoun	swe	Wickman	properNoun	nor
Suonio	properNoun	swe	Suonio	properNoun	nor
Penki	properNoun	swe	Penki	properNoun	nor
Mostad	properNoun	swe	Mostad	properNoun	nor
Kaaven	properNoun	swe	Kaaven	properNoun	nor
Silvia	properNoun	swe	Silvia	properNoun	nor
Tønsberg	properNoun	swe	Tønsberg	properNoun	nor
Adolfsson	properNoun	swe	Adolfsson	properNoun	nor
Vääräniemi	properNoun	swe	Vääräniemi	properNoun	nor
Lainio	properNoun	swe	Lainio	properNoun	nor
Jari	properNoun	swe	Jari	properNoun	nor
Søreidgrend	properNoun	swe	Søreidgrend	properNoun	nor
Kakkuri	properNoun	swe	Kakkuri	properNoun	nor
Riga	properNoun	swe	Riga	properNoun	nor
Aulie	properNoun	swe	Aulie	properNoun	nor
Jarl	properNoun	swe	Jarl	properNoun	nor
Skottland	properNoun	swe	Skottland	properNoun	nor
Lysebotn	properNoun	swe	Lysebotn	properNoun	nor
Pönkänen	properNoun	swe	Pönkänen	properNoun	nor
Lääti	properNoun	swe	Lääti	properNoun	nor
Danielle	properNoun	swe	Danielle	properNoun	nor
Alvilda	properNoun	swe	Alvilda	properNoun	nor
Sohpparjohka	properNoun	swe	Sohpparjohka	properNoun	nor
Runtti	properNoun	swe	Runtti	properNoun	nor
Kati-Claudia	properNoun	swe	Kati-Claudia	properNoun	nor
Salhus	properNoun	swe	Salhus	properNoun	nor
Christiansson	properNoun	swe	Christiansson	properNoun	nor
Wasara-Hammare	properNoun	swe	Wasara-Hammare	properNoun	nor
Santala	properNoun	swe	Santala	properNoun	nor
Huhtala	properNoun	swe	Huhtala	properNoun	nor
Alvilde	properNoun	swe	Alvilde	properNoun	nor
Trude	properNoun	swe	Trude	properNoun	nor
Pompeii	properNoun	swe	Pompeii	properNoun	nor
Gangstad	properNoun	swe	Gangstad	properNoun	nor
Lilleng	properNoun	swe	Lilleng	properNoun	nor
Charlotte	properNoun	swe	Charlotte	properNoun	nor
Taivainen	properNoun	swe	Taivainen	properNoun	nor
Laitamaa	properNoun	swe	Laitamaa	properNoun	nor
Harbitz	properNoun	swe	Harbitz	properNoun	nor
Ludvigsson	properNoun	swe	Ludvigsson	properNoun	nor
Sevaldsen	properNoun	swe	Sevaldsen	properNoun	nor
Sulkanen	properNoun	swe	Sulkanen	properNoun	nor
Ojansuu	properNoun	swe	Ojansuu	properNoun	nor
Boanerges	properNoun	swe	Boanerges	properNoun	nor
Nerevs	properNoun	swe	Nerevs	properNoun	nor
Hauge	properNoun	swe	Hauge	properNoun	nor
Schneider	properNoun	swe	Schneider	properNoun	nor
Riesling	properNoun	swe	Riesling	properNoun	nor
Duvre	properNoun	swe	Duvre	properNoun	nor
Holberg	properNoun	swe	Holberg	properNoun	nor
Keskitaipale	properNoun	swe	Keskitaipale	properNoun	nor
Elmquist	properNoun	swe	Elmquist	properNoun	nor
Børressen	properNoun	swe	Børressen	properNoun	nor
Svineng	properNoun	swe	Svineng	properNoun	nor
Slåstad	properNoun	swe	Slåstad	properNoun	nor
Eškol	properNoun	swe	Eškol	properNoun	nor
America	properNoun	swe	America	properNoun	nor
Claire	properNoun	swe	Claire	properNoun	nor
Tysse	properNoun	swe	Tysse	properNoun	nor
Sovjetrepublikk	properNoun	swe	Sovjetrepublikk	properNoun	nor
Gjøran	properNoun	swe	Gjøran	properNoun	nor
Korpikoski	properNoun	swe	Korpikoski	properNoun	nor
Lionæs	properNoun	swe	Lionæs	properNoun	nor
Billboard	properNoun	swe	Billboard	properNoun	nor
Philipp	properNoun	swe	Philipp	properNoun	nor
Oppegaard	properNoun	swe	Oppegaard	properNoun	nor
Willett	properNoun	swe	Willett	properNoun	nor
Imponen	properNoun	swe	Imponen	properNoun	nor
Malakkahalvøya	properNoun	swe	Malakkahalvøya	properNoun	nor
Philips	properNoun	swe	Philips	properNoun	nor
Røstbanken	properNoun	swe	Røstbanken	properNoun	nor
Spa	properNoun	swe	Spa	properNoun	nor
Kähkönen	properNoun	swe	Kähkönen	properNoun	nor
Sør-Tyskland	properNoun	swe	Sør-Tyskland	properNoun	nor
Corell	properNoun	swe	Corell	properNoun	nor
Matleena	properNoun	swe	Matleena	properNoun	nor
Suihkonen	properNoun	swe	Suihkonen	properNoun	nor
Narve	properNoun	swe	Narve	properNoun	nor
Richardsen	properNoun	swe	Richardsen	properNoun	nor
Svae	properNoun	swe	Svae	properNoun	nor
Abihud	properNoun	swe	Abihud	properNoun	nor
Thyra	properNoun	swe	Thyra	properNoun	nor
Sofiya	properNoun	swe	Sofiya	properNoun	nor
Nannestad	properNoun	swe	Nannestad	properNoun	nor
Ovlinjávri	properNoun	swe	Ovlinjávri	properNoun	nor
Gystad	properNoun	swe	Gystad	properNoun	nor
Peuranen	properNoun	swe	Peuranen	properNoun	nor
Irland	properNoun	swe	Irland	properNoun	nor
Imajávri	properNoun	swe	Imajávri	properNoun	nor
áhčči-Matti	properNoun	swe	áhčči-Matti	properNoun	nor
Pamfylias	properNoun	swe	Pamfylias	properNoun	nor
Kosonen	properNoun	swe	Kosonen	properNoun	nor
Bergerson	properNoun	swe	Bergerson	properNoun	nor
Čohkadoggejávri	properNoun	swe	Čohkadoggejávri	properNoun	nor
Bertha	properNoun	swe	Bertha	properNoun	nor
Winiata	properNoun	swe	Winiata	properNoun	nor
Pavelsen	properNoun	swe	Pavelsen	properNoun	nor
Juah	properNoun	swe	Juah	properNoun	nor
Nemi	properNoun	swe	Nemi	properNoun	nor
Šem	properNoun	swe	Šem	properNoun	nor
Leastadius	properNoun	swe	Leastadius	properNoun	nor
Ingeberg	properNoun	swe	Ingeberg	properNoun	nor
Haavisto	properNoun	swe	Haavisto	properNoun	nor
Svan	properNoun	swe	Svan	properNoun	nor
Almtoft	properNoun	swe	Almtoft	properNoun	nor
Lehtomäki	properNoun	swe	Lehtomäki	properNoun	nor
Kurttio	properNoun	swe	Kurttio	properNoun	nor
Hullth	properNoun	swe	Hullth	properNoun	nor
Eugenius	properNoun	swe	Eugenius	properNoun	nor
Ptolemaios	properNoun	swe	Ptolemaios	properNoun	nor
Berthe	properNoun	swe	Berthe	properNoun	nor
Koblenz	properNoun	swe	Koblenz	properNoun	nor
Husum	properNoun	swe	Husum	properNoun	nor
Himmanen	properNoun	swe	Himmanen	properNoun	nor
Svejk	properNoun	swe	Svejk	properNoun	nor
Konradsen	properNoun	swe	Konradsen	properNoun	nor
Heen	properNoun	swe	Heen	properNoun	nor
Hagensen	properNoun	swe	Hagensen	properNoun	nor
Juan	properNoun	swe	Juan	properNoun	nor
Varvas	properNoun	swe	Varvas	properNoun	nor
Rimbaud	properNoun	swe	Rimbaud	properNoun	nor
Ántte	properNoun	swe	Ántte	properNoun	nor
Støstad	properNoun	swe	Støstad	properNoun	nor
Ruoppat	properNoun	swe	Ruoppat	properNoun	nor
Mortensdatter	properNoun	swe	Mortensdatter	properNoun	nor
Jokio	properNoun	swe	Jokio	properNoun	nor
Askrova	properNoun	swe	Askrova	properNoun	nor
Abelssen	properNoun	swe	Abelssen	properNoun	nor
Arbeiderpartiet	properNoun	swe	Arbeiderpartiet	properNoun	nor
Virkki	properNoun	swe	Virkki	properNoun	nor
Barhatov	properNoun	swe	Barhatov	properNoun	nor
Sandslett	properNoun	swe	Sandslett	properNoun	nor
Heer	properNoun	swe	Heer	properNoun	nor
Vahrushev	properNoun	swe	Vahrushev	properNoun	nor
Sundnes	properNoun	swe	Sundnes	properNoun	nor
Aid	properNoun	swe	Aid	properNoun	nor
Reingard	properNoun	swe	Reingard	properNoun	nor
Schjerven	properNoun	swe	Schjerven	properNoun	nor
Wiktor	properNoun	swe	Wiktor	properNoun	nor
Kamil	properNoun	swe	Kamil	properNoun	nor
Loppa	properNoun	swe	Loppa	properNoun	nor
Tessem	properNoun	swe	Tessem	properNoun	nor
Sjåstad	properNoun	swe	Sjåstad	properNoun	nor
Paloniemi	properNoun	swe	Paloniemi	properNoun	nor
Alinen	properNoun	swe	Alinen	properNoun	nor
Gaustad	properNoun	swe	Gaustad	properNoun	nor
Myrmæl	properNoun	swe	Myrmæl	properNoun	nor
Sanders	properNoun	swe	Sanders	properNoun	nor
Kaukinen	properNoun	swe	Kaukinen	properNoun	nor
Mämmelä	properNoun	swe	Mämmelä	properNoun	nor
Malcolm	properNoun	swe	Malcolm	properNoun	nor
Strømsnes	properNoun	swe	Strømsnes	properNoun	nor
Øfsti	properNoun	swe	Øfsti	properNoun	nor
Rantala	properNoun	swe	Rantala	properNoun	nor
Kuutti	properNoun	swe	Kuutti	properNoun	nor
Kathrine	properNoun	swe	Kathrine	properNoun	nor
Fugleberg	properNoun	swe	Fugleberg	properNoun	nor
Bøhler	properNoun	swe	Bøhler	properNoun	nor
Holtan	properNoun	swe	Holtan	properNoun	nor
Sunikka	properNoun	swe	Sunikka	properNoun	nor
Tennilä	properNoun	swe	Tennilä	properNoun	nor
Loppi	properNoun	swe	Loppi	properNoun	nor
Ain	properNoun	swe	Ain	properNoun	nor
Varhaug	properNoun	swe	Varhaug	properNoun	nor
Olden	properNoun	swe	Olden	properNoun	nor
Schlanbusch	properNoun	swe	Schlanbusch	properNoun	nor
Kelojärvi	properNoun	swe	Kelojärvi	properNoun	nor
Ruong	properNoun	swe	Ruong	properNoun	nor
Klemetsrud	properNoun	swe	Klemetsrud	properNoun	nor
Biehtár	properNoun	swe	Biehtár	properNoun	nor
Ruberg	properNoun	swe	Ruberg	properNoun	nor
Pyötsiä	properNoun	swe	Pyötsiä	properNoun	nor
Alfon	properNoun	swe	Alfon	properNoun	nor
Saramäki	properNoun	swe	Saramäki	properNoun	nor
Niemenmaa	properNoun	swe	Niemenmaa	properNoun	nor
Lloyd	properNoun	swe	Lloyd	properNoun	nor
Tolppanen	properNoun	swe	Tolppanen	properNoun	nor
Čohkájojohka	properNoun	swe	Čohkájojohka	properNoun	nor
Kaae	properNoun	swe	Kaae	properNoun	nor
Wara	properNoun	swe	Wara	properNoun	nor
Pieniniemi	properNoun	swe	Pieniniemi	properNoun	nor
Agnes	properNoun	swe	Agnes	properNoun	nor
Skarnes	properNoun	swe	Skarnes	properNoun	nor
Hallgeir	properNoun	swe	Hallgeir	properNoun	nor
Yndestad	properNoun	swe	Yndestad	properNoun	nor
Walker	properNoun	swe	Walker	properNoun	nor
Dagsvik	properNoun	swe	Dagsvik	properNoun	nor
Korkea-aho	properNoun	swe	Korkea-aho	properNoun	nor
Madeleine	properNoun	swe	Madeleine	properNoun	nor
Drenthe	properNoun	swe	Drenthe	properNoun	nor
Rjukan	properNoun	swe	Rjukan	properNoun	nor
Vihonen	properNoun	swe	Vihonen	properNoun	nor
Gurjev	properNoun	swe	Gurjev	properNoun	nor
Søndags-Dagbladet	properNoun	swe	Søndags-Dagbladet	properNoun	nor
Jyrinki	properNoun	swe	Jyrinki	properNoun	nor
Heikkola	properNoun	swe	Heikkola	properNoun	nor
Bris	properNoun	swe	Bris	properNoun	nor
Gabrielsson	properNoun	swe	Gabrielsson	properNoun	nor
Brit	properNoun	swe	Brit	properNoun	nor
Løvold	properNoun	swe	Løvold	properNoun	nor
Krabowsky	properNoun	swe	Krabowsky	properNoun	nor
Iisko	properNoun	swe	Iisko	properNoun	nor
Linnerud	properNoun	swe	Linnerud	properNoun	nor
Schye	properNoun	swe	Schye	properNoun	nor
Ruusila	properNoun	swe	Ruusila	properNoun	nor
Ormestad	properNoun	swe	Ormestad	properNoun	nor
Brecht	properNoun	swe	Brecht	properNoun	nor
Tierp	properNoun	swe	Tierp	properNoun	nor
Turner	properNoun	swe	Turner	properNoun	nor
Bjarte	properNoun	swe	Bjarte	properNoun	nor
Máijan	properNoun	swe	Máijan	properNoun	nor
Kortesniemi	properNoun	swe	Kortesniemi	properNoun	nor
Brix	properNoun	swe	Brix	properNoun	nor
Jonsson	properNoun	swe	Jonsson	properNoun	nor
Karen	properNoun	swe	Karen	properNoun	nor
Pohjasjeaggi	properNoun	swe	Pohjasjeaggi	properNoun	nor
Muren	properNoun	swe	Muren	properNoun	nor
Kaas	properNoun	swe	Kaas	properNoun	nor
Association	properNoun	swe	Association	properNoun	nor
Røine	properNoun	swe	Røine	properNoun	nor
Iisku	properNoun	swe	Iisku	properNoun	nor
Gotfred	properNoun	swe	Gotfred	properNoun	nor
Tatiana	properNoun	swe	Tatiana	properNoun	nor
Åfjord	properNoun	swe	Åfjord	properNoun	nor
Warp	properNoun	swe	Warp	properNoun	nor
Riho	properNoun	swe	Riho	properNoun	nor
Burkina	properNoun	swe	Burkina	properNoun	nor
Monrad	properNoun	swe	Monrad	properNoun	nor
Nokkonen	properNoun	swe	Nokkonen	properNoun	nor
Gunnarson	properNoun	swe	Gunnarson	properNoun	nor
Tomb	properNoun	swe	Tomb	properNoun	nor
Melheim	properNoun	swe	Melheim	properNoun	nor
Lampi	properNoun	swe	Lampi	properNoun	nor
Jantunen	properNoun	swe	Jantunen	properNoun	nor
Mecklenburg	properNoun	swe	Mecklenburg	properNoun	nor
Sjøgren	properNoun	swe	Sjøgren	properNoun	nor
Munster	properNoun	swe	Munster	properNoun	nor
Kalliojärvi	properNoun	swe	Kalliojärvi	properNoun	nor
Wars	properNoun	swe	Wars	properNoun	nor
Yamomoto	properNoun	swe	Yamomoto	properNoun	nor
Oarje-Finnmárku	properNoun	swe	Oarje-Finnmárku	properNoun	nor
Ingá	properNoun	swe	Ingá	properNoun	nor
Nossen	properNoun	swe	Nossen	properNoun	nor
Høver	properNoun	swe	Høver	properNoun	nor
Aurelianus	properNoun	swe	Aurelianus	properNoun	nor
Johnsrud	properNoun	swe	Johnsrud	properNoun	nor
Jyrkkä	properNoun	swe	Jyrkkä	properNoun	nor
Gullichsen	properNoun	swe	Gullichsen	properNoun	nor
Rihu	properNoun	swe	Rihu	properNoun	nor
Fer	properNoun	swe	Fer	properNoun	nor
Øye	properNoun	swe	Øye	properNoun	nor
Tomi	properNoun	swe	Tomi	properNoun	nor
Fet	properNoun	swe	Fet	properNoun	nor
Hennestad	properNoun	swe	Hennestad	properNoun	nor
Rihtáluoppal	properNoun	swe	Rihtáluoppal	properNoun	nor
Virring	properNoun	swe	Virring	properNoun	nor
Brigitte	properNoun	swe	Brigitte	properNoun	nor
Lausten	properNoun	swe	Lausten	properNoun	nor
Mortenson	properNoun	swe	Mortenson	properNoun	nor
Suovasjávri	properNoun	swe	Suovasjávri	properNoun	nor
Dyrkorn	properNoun	swe	Dyrkorn	properNoun	nor
Tomm	properNoun	swe	Tomm	properNoun	nor
Saugbrugsforeningen	properNoun	swe	Saugbrugsforeningen	properNoun	nor
Vatnelid	properNoun	swe	Vatnelid	properNoun	nor
Danny	properNoun	swe	Danny	properNoun	nor
Brønnøysund	properNoun	swe	Brønnøysund	properNoun	nor
Saalfeld	properNoun	swe	Saalfeld	properNoun	nor
Rimstad	properNoun	swe	Rimstad	properNoun	nor
Pavlovna	properNoun	swe	Pavlovna	properNoun	nor
Fez	properNoun	swe	Fez	properNoun	nor
County	properNoun	swe	County	properNoun	nor
Armonk	properNoun	swe	Armonk	properNoun	nor
Mahkonen	properNoun	swe	Mahkonen	properNoun	nor
Hadrian	properNoun	swe	Hadrian	properNoun	nor
Kroepelien	properNoun	swe	Kroepelien	properNoun	nor
Valkendorf	properNoun	swe	Valkendorf	properNoun	nor
Noer	properNoun	swe	Noer	properNoun	nor
Lars-Erik	properNoun	swe	Lars-Erik	properNoun	nor
Sandstad	properNoun	swe	Sandstad	properNoun	nor
Edna	properNoun	swe	Edna	properNoun	nor
Orstad	properNoun	swe	Orstad	properNoun	nor
Derluguian	properNoun	swe	Derluguian	properNoun	nor
Lakaniemi	properNoun	swe	Lakaniemi	properNoun	nor
Kai	properNoun	swe	Kai	properNoun	nor
Skibladner	properNoun	swe	Skibladner	properNoun	nor
Vest-Tyskland	properNoun	swe	Vest-Tyskland	properNoun	nor
Kaj	properNoun	swe	Kaj	properNoun	nor
Nigeria	properNoun	swe	Nigeria	properNoun	nor
Stones	properNoun	swe	Stones	properNoun	nor
Iberia	properNoun	swe	Iberia	properNoun	nor
Stenrød	properNoun	swe	Stenrød	properNoun	nor
Streep	properNoun	swe	Streep	properNoun	nor
Selvåg	properNoun	swe	Selvåg	properNoun	nor
Puskala	properNoun	swe	Puskala	properNoun	nor
Niittylä	properNoun	swe	Niittylä	properNoun	nor
Antonette	properNoun	swe	Antonette	properNoun	nor
Kilimanjaro	properNoun	swe	Kilimanjaro	properNoun	nor
Everton	properNoun	swe	Everton	properNoun	nor
Linnanmäki	properNoun	swe	Linnanmäki	properNoun	nor
Kreivi	properNoun	swe	Kreivi	properNoun	nor
Avdeeva	properNoun	swe	Avdeeva	properNoun	nor
Strømberg	properNoun	swe	Strømberg	properNoun	nor
Niittymaa	properNoun	swe	Niittymaa	properNoun	nor
Naharajim	properNoun	swe	Naharajim	properNoun	nor
Kap	properNoun	swe	Kap	properNoun	nor
Jernsletten	properNoun	swe	Jernsletten	properNoun	nor
Street	properNoun	swe	Street	properNoun	nor
Välisalo	properNoun	swe	Välisalo	properNoun	nor
Sejersted	properNoun	swe	Sejersted	properNoun	nor
Bertil	properNoun	swe	Bertil	properNoun	nor
Forsmark	properNoun	swe	Forsmark	properNoun	nor
Sømme	properNoun	swe	Sømme	properNoun	nor
Bertin	properNoun	swe	Bertin	properNoun	nor
Mihkkaloaivi	properNoun	swe	Mihkkaloaivi	properNoun	nor
Márjá	properNoun	swe	Márjá	properNoun	nor
Orkla-Borregaard	properNoun	swe	Orkla-Borregaard	properNoun	nor
Henriksson	properNoun	swe	Henriksson	properNoun	nor
Solehmainen	properNoun	swe	Solehmainen	properNoun	nor
Sullivan	properNoun	swe	Sullivan	properNoun	nor
Lahti	properNoun	swe	Lahti	properNoun	nor
Venäläinen	properNoun	swe	Venäläinen	properNoun	nor
Suhonen	properNoun	swe	Suhonen	properNoun	nor
Gunvald	properNoun	swe	Gunvald	properNoun	nor
Viippola	properNoun	swe	Viippola	properNoun	nor
Eivik	properNoun	swe	Eivik	properNoun	nor
Magellan	properNoun	swe	Magellan	properNoun	nor
Nordkapp	properNoun	swe	Nordkapp	properNoun	nor
Kay	properNoun	swe	Kay	properNoun	nor
Rudolfo	properNoun	swe	Rudolfo	properNoun	nor
Østlien	properNoun	swe	Østlien	properNoun	nor
Landheim	properNoun	swe	Landheim	properNoun	nor
Isotalus	properNoun	swe	Isotalus	properNoun	nor
Gundelach	properNoun	swe	Gundelach	properNoun	nor
Tjølling	properNoun	swe	Tjølling	properNoun	nor
Jaakkola	properNoun	swe	Jaakkola	properNoun	nor
Averroes	properNoun	swe	Averroes	properNoun	nor
Edny	properNoun	swe	Edny	properNoun	nor
Catalonia	properNoun	swe	Catalonia	properNoun	nor
Granli	properNoun	swe	Granli	properNoun	nor
Hedman	properNoun	swe	Hedman	properNoun	nor
Hietaharju	properNoun	swe	Hietaharju	properNoun	nor
Hegdal	properNoun	swe	Hegdal	properNoun	nor
Sohpparávžženjálbmi	properNoun	swe	Sohpparávžženjálbmi	properNoun	nor
Joktan	properNoun	swe	Joktan	properNoun	nor
Gustavsen	properNoun	swe	Gustavsen	properNoun	nor
Crowley	properNoun	swe	Crowley	properNoun	nor
Pohjalainen	properNoun	swe	Pohjalainen	properNoun	nor
Kukkonen	properNoun	swe	Kukkonen	properNoun	nor
Dale	properNoun	swe	Dale	properNoun	nor
Esau	properNoun	swe	Esau	properNoun	nor
Jišbak	properNoun	swe	Jišbak	properNoun	nor
Durham	properNoun	swe	Durham	properNoun	nor
Nord-Trøndelag	properNoun	swe	Nord-Trøndelag	properNoun	nor
Fodstad	properNoun	swe	Fodstad	properNoun	nor
Elomäki	properNoun	swe	Elomäki	properNoun	nor
Dali	properNoun	swe	Dali	properNoun	nor
Bangemann	properNoun	swe	Bangemann	properNoun	nor
Daisy	properNoun	swe	Daisy	properNoun	nor
Försti	properNoun	swe	Försti	properNoun	nor
Kirk	properNoun	swe	Kirk	properNoun	nor
Portchester	properNoun	swe	Portchester	properNoun	nor
Vuolleeatnamat	properNoun	swe	Vuolleeatnamat	properNoun	nor
Tuomola	properNoun	swe	Tuomola	properNoun	nor
Barcelona	properNoun	swe	Barcelona	properNoun	nor
Petterøe	properNoun	swe	Petterøe	properNoun	nor
Kytönen	properNoun	swe	Kytönen	properNoun	nor
Rochefort	properNoun	swe	Rochefort	properNoun	nor
Sällinen	properNoun	swe	Sällinen	properNoun	nor
Granly	properNoun	swe	Granly	properNoun	nor
Nicodemus	properNoun	swe	Nicodemus	properNoun	nor
Viborg	properNoun	swe	Viborg	properNoun	nor
Sør-Irak	properNoun	swe	Sør-Irak	properNoun	nor
Wash	properNoun	swe	Wash	properNoun	nor
Nanabealjávri	properNoun	swe	Nanabealjávri	properNoun	nor
Kariluoto	properNoun	swe	Kariluoto	properNoun	nor
Tynys	properNoun	swe	Tynys	properNoun	nor
Hamnnes	properNoun	swe	Hamnnes	properNoun	nor
Maputo	properNoun	swe	Maputo	properNoun	nor
Lønstrup	properNoun	swe	Lønstrup	properNoun	nor
Áppo	properNoun	swe	Áppo	properNoun	nor
Anden	properNoun	swe	Anden	properNoun	nor
Rommetveit	properNoun	swe	Rommetveit	properNoun	nor
Steffensen	properNoun	swe	Steffensen	properNoun	nor
Seippel	properNoun	swe	Seippel	properNoun	nor
Sandersen	properNoun	swe	Sandersen	properNoun	nor
Trajans	properNoun	swe	Trajans	properNoun	nor
Suzanne	properNoun	swe	Suzanne	properNoun	nor
Herlaug	properNoun	swe	Herlaug	properNoun	nor
Hessen	properNoun	swe	Hessen	properNoun	nor
Ingeniørnytt	properNoun	swe	Ingeniørnytt	properNoun	nor
Saarikivi	properNoun	swe	Saarikivi	properNoun	nor
Kautto	properNoun	swe	Kautto	properNoun	nor
Dišon	properNoun	swe	Dišon	properNoun	nor
Lian	properNoun	swe	Lian	properNoun	nor
Sámmolnjárga	properNoun	swe	Sámmolnjárga	properNoun	nor
Søril	properNoun	swe	Søril	properNoun	nor
Lehtelä	properNoun	swe	Lehtelä	properNoun	nor
Glæsel	properNoun	swe	Glæsel	properNoun	nor
Liao	properNoun	swe	Liao	properNoun	nor
Wanja	properNoun	swe	Wanja	properNoun	nor
L'Isle	properNoun	swe	L'Isle	properNoun	nor
Eidkjosen	properNoun	swe	Eidkjosen	properNoun	nor
Soronen	properNoun	swe	Soronen	properNoun	nor
Piispa	properNoun	swe	Piispa	properNoun	nor
Dervola	properNoun	swe	Dervola	properNoun	nor
Chan	properNoun	swe	Chan	properNoun	nor
Hadoram	properNoun	swe	Hadoram	properNoun	nor
Riis	properNoun	swe	Riis	properNoun	nor
Eigersund	properNoun	swe	Eigersund	properNoun	nor
Ørbech	properNoun	swe	Ørbech	properNoun	nor
Aaltonen	properNoun	swe	Aaltonen	properNoun	nor
Tone	properNoun	swe	Tone	properNoun	nor
Vasankari	properNoun	swe	Vasankari	properNoun	nor
Wangari	properNoun	swe	Wangari	properNoun	nor
Marry	properNoun	swe	Marry	properNoun	nor
Korinterbrevet	properNoun	swe	Korinterbrevet	properNoun	nor
Moksnes	properNoun	swe	Moksnes	properNoun	nor
Gunstadseter	properNoun	swe	Gunstadseter	properNoun	nor
Espeland	properNoun	swe	Espeland	properNoun	nor
Ørbeck	properNoun	swe	Ørbeck	properNoun	nor
Veggen	properNoun	swe	Veggen	properNoun	nor
Mälkki	properNoun	swe	Mälkki	properNoun	nor
Jette	properNoun	swe	Jette	properNoun	nor
Isopahkala	properNoun	swe	Isopahkala	properNoun	nor
Toni	properNoun	swe	Toni	properNoun	nor
Montpellier	properNoun	swe	Montpellier	properNoun	nor
Skullerud	properNoun	swe	Skullerud	properNoun	nor
Eldrid	properNoun	swe	Eldrid	properNoun	nor
Svartbekken	properNoun	swe	Svartbekken	properNoun	nor
Laakso	properNoun	swe	Laakso	properNoun	nor
Øst-Veme	properNoun	swe	Øst-Veme	properNoun	nor
Clemmesen	properNoun	swe	Clemmesen	properNoun	nor
Victoriaeana	properNoun	swe	Victoriaeana	properNoun	nor
Rusila	properNoun	swe	Rusila	properNoun	nor
Lislerud	properNoun	swe	Lislerud	properNoun	nor
Koivistoinen	properNoun	swe	Koivistoinen	properNoun	nor
Eivindstad	properNoun	swe	Eivindstad	properNoun	nor
Dikkkanen	properNoun	swe	Dikkkanen	properNoun	nor
James	properNoun	swe	James	properNoun	nor
Göteborg	properNoun	swe	Göteborg	properNoun	nor
Tanderil	properNoun	swe	Tanderil	properNoun	nor
History	properNoun	swe	History	properNoun	nor
Leikny	properNoun	swe	Leikny	properNoun	nor
Kamila	properNoun	swe	Kamila	properNoun	nor
Ojanen	properNoun	swe	Ojanen	properNoun	nor
Buvik	properNoun	swe	Buvik	properNoun	nor
Luther	properNoun	swe	Luther	properNoun	nor
Omma	properNoun	swe	Omma	properNoun	nor
Mäkisalo	properNoun	swe	Mäkisalo	properNoun	nor
Oliver	properNoun	swe	Oliver	properNoun	nor
Memphis	properNoun	swe	Memphis	properNoun	nor
Rimestad	properNoun	swe	Rimestad	properNoun	nor
Gullfaks	properNoun	swe	Gullfaks	properNoun	nor
Finstad	properNoun	swe	Finstad	properNoun	nor
Suikkari	properNoun	swe	Suikkari	properNoun	nor
Annikki	properNoun	swe	Annikki	properNoun	nor
Hege	properNoun	swe	Hege	properNoun	nor
Brandrud	properNoun	swe	Brandrud	properNoun	nor
Jokke	properNoun	swe	Jokke	properNoun	nor
Sri	properNoun	swe	Sri	properNoun	nor
Salla	properNoun	swe	Salla	properNoun	nor
Tsaritsyn	properNoun	swe	Tsaritsyn	properNoun	nor
Mjørlund	properNoun	swe	Mjørlund	properNoun	nor
Hegg	properNoun	swe	Hegg	properNoun	nor
Bronken	properNoun	swe	Bronken	properNoun	nor
Arppe	properNoun	swe	Arppe	properNoun	nor
Tony	properNoun	swe	Tony	properNoun	nor
Montessori	properNoun	swe	Montessori	properNoun	nor
Chevrolet	properNoun	swe	Chevrolet	properNoun	nor
Midtausten	properNoun	swe	Midtausten	properNoun	nor
Lergård	properNoun	swe	Lergård	properNoun	nor
Bolin	properNoun	swe	Bolin	properNoun	nor
Finnmárkoláhka	properNoun	swe	Finnmárkoláhka	properNoun	nor
Nurmi	properNoun	swe	Nurmi	properNoun	nor
Mælan	properNoun	swe	Mælan	properNoun	nor
Blomberg	properNoun	swe	Blomberg	properNoun	nor
Torben	properNoun	swe	Torben	properNoun	nor
Salli	properNoun	swe	Salli	properNoun	nor
Esher	properNoun	swe	Esher	properNoun	nor
Edom	properNoun	swe	Edom	properNoun	nor
Torjus	properNoun	swe	Torjus	properNoun	nor
Medea	properNoun	swe	Medea	properNoun	nor
Sømna	properNoun	swe	Sømna	properNoun	nor
Jehkonen	properNoun	swe	Jehkonen	properNoun	nor
Hazel	properNoun	swe	Hazel	properNoun	nor
Oklahoma	properNoun	swe	Oklahoma	properNoun	nor
Brandrup	properNoun	swe	Brandrup	properNoun	nor
Bossen	properNoun	swe	Bossen	properNoun	nor
Rintaniemi	properNoun	swe	Rintaniemi	properNoun	nor
Joasj	properNoun	swe	Joasj	properNoun	nor
Eidsiva	properNoun	swe	Eidsiva	properNoun	nor
Dikemark	properNoun	swe	Dikemark	properNoun	nor
Jernia	properNoun	swe	Jernia	properNoun	nor
Klåpen	properNoun	swe	Klåpen	properNoun	nor
Ápmot	properNoun	swe	Ápmot	properNoun	nor
Johnny	properNoun	swe	Johnny	properNoun	nor
Katajisto	properNoun	swe	Katajisto	properNoun	nor
Berntson	properNoun	swe	Berntson	properNoun	nor
Riikagárdejávri	properNoun	swe	Riikagárdejávri	properNoun	nor
Akh	properNoun	swe	Akh	properNoun	nor
Vilmunen	properNoun	swe	Vilmunen	properNoun	nor
Knihtilä	properNoun	swe	Knihtilä	properNoun	nor
Ferman	properNoun	swe	Ferman	properNoun	nor
Bulbjerg	properNoun	swe	Bulbjerg	properNoun	nor
Melum	properNoun	swe	Melum	properNoun	nor
Levonen	properNoun	swe	Levonen	properNoun	nor
KurSachsen	properNoun	swe	KurSachsen	properNoun	nor
Rihttá	properNoun	swe	Rihttá	properNoun	nor
Jeanette	properNoun	swe	Jeanette	properNoun	nor
Schøning	properNoun	swe	Schøning	properNoun	nor
Næsgård	properNoun	swe	Næsgård	properNoun	nor
Ekeli	properNoun	swe	Ekeli	properNoun	nor
Nagasaki	properNoun	swe	Nagasaki	properNoun	nor
Kleimola	properNoun	swe	Kleimola	properNoun	nor
Christiania	properNoun	swe	Christiania	properNoun	nor
Nurmiranta	properNoun	swe	Nurmiranta	properNoun	nor
Public	properNoun	swe	Public	properNoun	nor
Skodborg	properNoun	swe	Skodborg	properNoun	nor
Cramer	properNoun	swe	Cramer	properNoun	nor
Aragón	properNoun	swe	Aragón	properNoun	nor
Nová	properNoun	swe	Nová	properNoun	nor
Kaukoranta	properNoun	swe	Kaukoranta	properNoun	nor
Ebeltoft	properNoun	swe	Ebeltoft	properNoun	nor
Sally	properNoun	swe	Sally	properNoun	nor
Gavriloff	properNoun	swe	Gavriloff	properNoun	nor
Indianapolis	properNoun	swe	Indianapolis	properNoun	nor
Portsmouth	properNoun	swe	Portsmouth	properNoun	nor
Jostedalsbreen	properNoun	swe	Jostedalsbreen	properNoun	nor
Viggo	properNoun	swe	Viggo	properNoun	nor
Celina	properNoun	swe	Celina	properNoun	nor
Ágá	properNoun	swe	Ágá	properNoun	nor
Westlund	properNoun	swe	Westlund	properNoun	nor
Titius	properNoun	swe	Titius	properNoun	nor
Falchenberg	properNoun	swe	Falchenberg	properNoun	nor
Iddefjorden	properNoun	swe	Iddefjorden	properNoun	nor
Per-Inge	properNoun	swe	Per-Inge	properNoun	nor
Eike	properNoun	swe	Eike	properNoun	nor
Estland	properNoun	swe	Estland	properNoun	nor
Steenbuch	properNoun	swe	Steenbuch	properNoun	nor
Pessinen	properNoun	swe	Pessinen	properNoun	nor
Gjul	properNoun	swe	Gjul	properNoun	nor
Gunnarsson	properNoun	swe	Gunnarsson	properNoun	nor
Austgulen	properNoun	swe	Austgulen	properNoun	nor
Celine	properNoun	swe	Celine	properNoun	nor
Henningson	properNoun	swe	Henningson	properNoun	nor
Laukvik	properNoun	swe	Laukvik	properNoun	nor
L'Indien	properNoun	swe	L'Indien	properNoun	nor
Nilá	properNoun	swe	Nilá	properNoun	nor
Ustaoset	properNoun	swe	Ustaoset	properNoun	nor
Albertsen	properNoun	swe	Albertsen	properNoun	nor
Irak	properNoun	swe	Irak	properNoun	nor
Wahlstrøm	properNoun	swe	Wahlstrøm	properNoun	nor
Chingan	properNoun	swe	Chingan	properNoun	nor
Matisse	properNoun	swe	Matisse	properNoun	nor
Barlinghaug	properNoun	swe	Barlinghaug	properNoun	nor
Kaci	properNoun	swe	Kaci	properNoun	nor
Halden	properNoun	swe	Halden	properNoun	nor
Iran	properNoun	swe	Iran	properNoun	nor
Hirvasniemi	properNoun	swe	Hirvasniemi	properNoun	nor
Riikola	properNoun	swe	Riikola	properNoun	nor
Owesen	properNoun	swe	Owesen	properNoun	nor
Muittari	properNoun	swe	Muittari	properNoun	nor
Keihäs	properNoun	swe	Keihäs	properNoun	nor
Digre	properNoun	swe	Digre	properNoun	nor
Damm	properNoun	swe	Damm	properNoun	nor
Helgejávri	properNoun	swe	Helgejávri	properNoun	nor
Puurunen	properNoun	swe	Puurunen	properNoun	nor
Anthony	properNoun	swe	Anthony	properNoun	nor
Albertine	properNoun	swe	Albertine	properNoun	nor
Sørhaug	properNoun	swe	Sørhaug	properNoun	nor
Rysstad	properNoun	swe	Rysstad	properNoun	nor
Ringvold	properNoun	swe	Ringvold	properNoun	nor
Schaefer	properNoun	swe	Schaefer	properNoun	nor
Dančenko	properNoun	swe	Dančenko	properNoun	nor
Lenningen	properNoun	swe	Lenningen	properNoun	nor
Seato	properNoun	swe	Seato	properNoun	nor
Andreason	properNoun	swe	Andreason	properNoun	nor
Havøysund	properNoun	swe	Havøysund	properNoun	nor
Aurlandsfjorden	properNoun	swe	Aurlandsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Teresina	properNoun	swe	Teresina	properNoun	nor
Linn-Kristin	properNoun	swe	Linn-Kristin	properNoun	nor
Talsi	properNoun	swe	Talsi	properNoun	nor
Nurminen	properNoun	swe	Nurminen	properNoun	nor
Andvord	properNoun	swe	Andvord	properNoun	nor
Telenor	properNoun	swe	Telenor	properNoun	nor
Dubovskaya	properNoun	swe	Dubovskaya	properNoun	nor
Koliseva	properNoun	swe	Koliseva	properNoun	nor
Vilpas	properNoun	swe	Vilpas	properNoun	nor
Hardangerfjorden	properNoun	swe	Hardangerfjorden	properNoun	nor
Kølbæk	properNoun	swe	Kølbæk	properNoun	nor
Hesiod	properNoun	swe	Hesiod	properNoun	nor
Freia	properNoun	swe	Freia	properNoun	nor
Vild-Hasse	properNoun	swe	Vild-Hasse	properNoun	nor
Juventus	properNoun	swe	Juventus	properNoun	nor
Ánddisavojávri	properNoun	swe	Ánddisavojávri	properNoun	nor
Pietro	properNoun	swe	Pietro	properNoun	nor
Riihioja	properNoun	swe	Riihioja	properNoun	nor
Mauseth	properNoun	swe	Mauseth	properNoun	nor
Syvertson	properNoun	swe	Syvertson	properNoun	nor
Ukkonen	properNoun	swe	Ukkonen	properNoun	nor
Shefqet	properNoun	swe	Shefqet	properNoun	nor
Hokksund	properNoun	swe	Hokksund	properNoun	nor
Mauritius	properNoun	swe	Mauritius	properNoun	nor
Vallittu	properNoun	swe	Vallittu	properNoun	nor
Rantakokko	properNoun	swe	Rantakokko	properNoun	nor
Alava	properNoun	swe	Alava	properNoun	nor
HeilagOlav	properNoun	swe	HeilagOlav	properNoun	nor
Sefanias	properNoun	swe	Sefanias	properNoun	nor
Enge	properNoun	swe	Enge	properNoun	nor
Søllested	properNoun	swe	Søllested	properNoun	nor
Ruinard	properNoun	swe	Ruinard	properNoun	nor
Rennes	properNoun	swe	Rennes	properNoun	nor
Warwick	properNoun	swe	Warwick	properNoun	nor
Didriksson	properNoun	swe	Didriksson	properNoun	nor
Roussillon	properNoun	swe	Roussillon	properNoun	nor
Šinab	properNoun	swe	Šinab	properNoun	nor
Akram	properNoun	swe	Akram	properNoun	nor
Jacob	properNoun	swe	Jacob	properNoun	nor
Vaija	properNoun	swe	Vaija	properNoun	nor
Engh	properNoun	swe	Engh	properNoun	nor
Bureau	properNoun	swe	Bureau	properNoun	nor
Silden	properNoun	swe	Silden	properNoun	nor
Siimes	properNoun	swe	Siimes	properNoun	nor
Enggaard	properNoun	swe	Enggaard	properNoun	nor
Migoš	properNoun	swe	Migoš	properNoun	nor
Ostrov	properNoun	swe	Ostrov	properNoun	nor
Jersey	properNoun	swe	Jersey	properNoun	nor
Juda	properNoun	swe	Juda	properNoun	nor
Marthinuson	properNoun	swe	Marthinuson	properNoun	nor
Uefa	properNoun	swe	Uefa	properNoun	nor
Inkatha-partiet	properNoun	swe	Inkatha-partiet	properNoun	nor
Ráipásjávrrit	properNoun	swe	Ráipásjávrrit	properNoun	nor
Keskisarja	properNoun	swe	Keskisarja	properNoun	nor
Marita	properNoun	swe	Marita	properNoun	nor
Renberg	properNoun	swe	Renberg	properNoun	nor
Mellomhavet	properNoun	swe	Mellomhavet	properNoun	nor
Patricia	properNoun	swe	Patricia	properNoun	nor
Pyökäri	properNoun	swe	Pyökäri	properNoun	nor
Salma	properNoun	swe	Salma	properNoun	nor
Nevada	properNoun	swe	Nevada	properNoun	nor
Hegstad	properNoun	swe	Hegstad	properNoun	nor
Reittu	properNoun	swe	Reittu	properNoun	nor
Inkala	properNoun	swe	Inkala	properNoun	nor
Säffle	properNoun	swe	Säffle	properNoun	nor
Thorkildson	properNoun	swe	Thorkildson	properNoun	nor
Pulk	properNoun	swe	Pulk	properNoun	nor
Fischer	properNoun	swe	Fischer	properNoun	nor
Gabrielsen	properNoun	swe	Gabrielsen	properNoun	nor
Gauriloff	properNoun	swe	Gauriloff	properNoun	nor
Salme	properNoun	swe	Salme	properNoun	nor
Marith	properNoun	swe	Marith	properNoun	nor
Vegårshei	properNoun	swe	Vegårshei	properNoun	nor
Skoglund	properNoun	swe	Skoglund	properNoun	nor
Hanhimäki	properNoun	swe	Hanhimäki	properNoun	nor
Robespierre	properNoun	swe	Robespierre	properNoun	nor
Campbell	properNoun	swe	Campbell	properNoun	nor
Poutasuo	properNoun	swe	Poutasuo	properNoun	nor
Näykki	properNoun	swe	Näykki	properNoun	nor
Ruben	properNoun	swe	Ruben	properNoun	nor
Gøril	properNoun	swe	Gøril	properNoun	nor
Misvær	properNoun	swe	Misvær	properNoun	nor
Salmi	properNoun	swe	Salmi	properNoun	nor
Kyoto	properNoun	swe	Kyoto	properNoun	nor
Strandos	properNoun	swe	Strandos	properNoun	nor
Rånes	properNoun	swe	Rånes	properNoun	nor
Rapakko	properNoun	swe	Rapakko	properNoun	nor
Njarg	properNoun	swe	Njarg	properNoun	nor
Vigdis	properNoun	swe	Vigdis	properNoun	nor
Magnusson	properNoun	swe	Magnusson	properNoun	nor
Vattekar	properNoun	swe	Vattekar	properNoun	nor
Leammonurki	properNoun	swe	Leammonurki	properNoun	nor
Brynildssen	properNoun	swe	Brynildssen	properNoun	nor
Rasila	properNoun	swe	Rasila	properNoun	nor
Eisenach	properNoun	swe	Eisenach	properNoun	nor
Balsfjord	properNoun	swe	Balsfjord	properNoun	nor
Spider-Man	properNoun	swe	Spider-Man	properNoun	nor
Thormod	properNoun	swe	Thormod	properNoun	nor
Fleisher	properNoun	swe	Fleisher	properNoun	nor
Alf	properNoun	swe	Alf	properNoun	nor
Guinea-Bissau	properNoun	swe	Guinea-Bissau	properNoun	nor
Quest	properNoun	swe	Quest	properNoun	nor
Lillevang	properNoun	swe	Lillevang	properNoun	nor
Riittinen	properNoun	swe	Riittinen	properNoun	nor
Ali	properNoun	swe	Ali	properNoun	nor
Pöntynen	properNoun	swe	Pöntynen	properNoun	nor
Huurre	properNoun	swe	Huurre	properNoun	nor
Rosalina	properNoun	swe	Rosalina	properNoun	nor
Judy	properNoun	swe	Judy	properNoun	nor
Transvaal	properNoun	swe	Transvaal	properNoun	nor
Aten	properNoun	swe	Aten	properNoun	nor
Norfu	properNoun	swe	Norfu	properNoun	nor
Hánnogurra	properNoun	swe	Hánnogurra	properNoun	nor
Castro	properNoun	swe	Castro	properNoun	nor
Hermunen	properNoun	swe	Hermunen	properNoun	nor
Helheim	properNoun	swe	Helheim	properNoun	nor
Ofoten	properNoun	swe	Ofoten	properNoun	nor
Harnes	properNoun	swe	Harnes	properNoun	nor
Java	properNoun	swe	Java	properNoun	nor
Hessulainen	properNoun	swe	Hessulainen	properNoun	nor
Eila	properNoun	swe	Eila	properNoun	nor
Tertsunen	properNoun	swe	Tertsunen	properNoun	nor
Meavke-Arvenjárga	properNoun	swe	Meavke-Arvenjárga	properNoun	nor
Tveita	properNoun	swe	Tveita	properNoun	nor
Als	properNoun	swe	Als	properNoun	nor
Hauglund	properNoun	swe	Hauglund	properNoun	nor
Wilhelmson	properNoun	swe	Wilhelmson	properNoun	nor
Junkkari	properNoun	swe	Junkkari	properNoun	nor
Dane	properNoun	swe	Dane	properNoun	nor
Haagdomstolen	properNoun	swe	Haagdomstolen	properNoun	nor
Marta	properNoun	swe	Marta	properNoun	nor
Valley	properNoun	swe	Valley	properNoun	nor
Kumar	properNoun	swe	Kumar	properNoun	nor
Kragem	properNoun	swe	Kragem	properNoun	nor
Juppi	properNoun	swe	Juppi	properNoun	nor
Gaddafi	properNoun	swe	Gaddafi	properNoun	nor
Alv	properNoun	swe	Alv	properNoun	nor
Wriedt	properNoun	swe	Wriedt	properNoun	nor
Siitonen	properNoun	swe	Siitonen	properNoun	nor
Evterpe	properNoun	swe	Evterpe	properNoun	nor
Dang	properNoun	swe	Dang	properNoun	nor
Brudal	properNoun	swe	Brudal	properNoun	nor
Lárasjávri	properNoun	swe	Lárasjávri	properNoun	nor
Tonttila	properNoun	swe	Tonttila	properNoun	nor
Lehikoinen	properNoun	swe	Lehikoinen	properNoun	nor
Stewart	properNoun	swe	Stewart	properNoun	nor
Tkachev	properNoun	swe	Tkachev	properNoun	nor
Nøklebye	properNoun	swe	Nøklebye	properNoun	nor
Murtomäki	properNoun	swe	Murtomäki	properNoun	nor
Gittit	properNoun	swe	Gittit	properNoun	nor
Oujda	properNoun	swe	Oujda	properNoun	nor
Marte	properNoun	swe	Marte	properNoun	nor
Ytterstad	properNoun	swe	Ytterstad	properNoun	nor
Skolleberg	properNoun	swe	Skolleberg	properNoun	nor
Lindenov	properNoun	swe	Lindenov	properNoun	nor
Bigga	properNoun	swe	Bigga	properNoun	nor
Lindenow	properNoun	swe	Lindenow	properNoun	nor
Hooker	properNoun	swe	Hooker	properNoun	nor
Danida	properNoun	swe	Danida	properNoun	nor
Tyge	properNoun	swe	Tyge	properNoun	nor
Iisko-Matti	properNoun	swe	Iisko-Matti	properNoun	nor
Javo	properNoun	swe	Javo	properNoun	nor
Randolf	properNoun	swe	Randolf	properNoun	nor
Ismael	properNoun	swe	Ismael	properNoun	nor
Bigge	properNoun	swe	Bigge	properNoun	nor
Zoubari	properNoun	swe	Zoubari	properNoun	nor
Castello	properNoun	swe	Castello	properNoun	nor
Skattvik	properNoun	swe	Skattvik	properNoun	nor
Huhtamaa	properNoun	swe	Huhtamaa	properNoun	nor
Novokusneck	properNoun	swe	Novokusneck	properNoun	nor
Jevnaker	properNoun	swe	Jevnaker	properNoun	nor
Volle	properNoun	swe	Volle	properNoun	nor
Tripoli	properNoun	swe	Tripoli	properNoun	nor
Jan-Arne	properNoun	swe	Jan-Arne	properNoun	nor
Håvar	properNoun	swe	Håvar	properNoun	nor
Lájár	properNoun	swe	Lájár	properNoun	nor
Juffá	properNoun	swe	Juffá	properNoun	nor
Dresden	properNoun	swe	Dresden	properNoun	nor
Langang	properNoun	swe	Langang	properNoun	nor
Storheier	properNoun	swe	Storheier	properNoun	nor
Regnor	properNoun	swe	Regnor	properNoun	nor
Froan	properNoun	swe	Froan	properNoun	nor
Marieanne	properNoun	swe	Marieanne	properNoun	nor
Kowloon	properNoun	swe	Kowloon	properNoun	nor
Sirnes	properNoun	swe	Sirnes	properNoun	nor
Pham	properNoun	swe	Pham	properNoun	nor
Niinivirta	properNoun	swe	Niinivirta	properNoun	nor
Karhu	properNoun	swe	Karhu	properNoun	nor
Finskebukta	properNoun	swe	Finskebukta	properNoun	nor
Pyndt	properNoun	swe	Pyndt	properNoun	nor
Phan	properNoun	swe	Phan	properNoun	nor
Grøtta	properNoun	swe	Grøtta	properNoun	nor
Dogger	properNoun	swe	Dogger	properNoun	nor
Staffeldt	properNoun	swe	Staffeldt	properNoun	nor
Laasanen	properNoun	swe	Laasanen	properNoun	nor
Grøtte	properNoun	swe	Grøtte	properNoun	nor
Brunstad	properNoun	swe	Brunstad	properNoun	nor
Jovian	properNoun	swe	Jovian	properNoun	nor
Jaroslav	properNoun	swe	Jaroslav	properNoun	nor
Albrecht	properNoun	swe	Albrecht	properNoun	nor
Pirttiniemi	properNoun	swe	Pirttiniemi	properNoun	nor
Hofer	properNoun	swe	Hofer	properNoun	nor
Juhán	properNoun	swe	Juhán	properNoun	nor
Ámmá	properNoun	swe	Ámmá	properNoun	nor
Mattus	properNoun	swe	Mattus	properNoun	nor
Gorm	properNoun	swe	Gorm	properNoun	nor
Vetrhus	properNoun	swe	Vetrhus	properNoun	nor
Melkko	properNoun	swe	Melkko	properNoun	nor
Aikio-Arianaick	properNoun	swe	Aikio-Arianaick	properNoun	nor
Natan	properNoun	swe	Natan	properNoun	nor
Svea	properNoun	swe	Svea	properNoun	nor
Kiikeri	properNoun	swe	Kiikeri	properNoun	nor
Haukipuro	properNoun	swe	Haukipuro	properNoun	nor
Mieron	properNoun	swe	Mieron	properNoun	nor
Dublin	properNoun	swe	Dublin	properNoun	nor
Høvikodden	properNoun	swe	Høvikodden	properNoun	nor
Viitaniemi	properNoun	swe	Viitaniemi	properNoun	nor
Tikkinen	properNoun	swe	Tikkinen	properNoun	nor
Schleimann	properNoun	swe	Schleimann	properNoun	nor
Glostrup	properNoun	swe	Glostrup	properNoun	nor
Barwin	properNoun	swe	Barwin	properNoun	nor
Liv-Inger	properNoun	swe	Liv-Inger	properNoun	nor
Uusivirta	properNoun	swe	Uusivirta	properNoun	nor
Smidstrup	properNoun	swe	Smidstrup	properNoun	nor
Niskala	properNoun	swe	Niskala	properNoun	nor
Cicero	properNoun	swe	Cicero	properNoun	nor
Vuolteenaho	properNoun	swe	Vuolteenaho	properNoun	nor
Nicko	properNoun	swe	Nicko	properNoun	nor
Dodge	properNoun	swe	Dodge	properNoun	nor
Lafayette	properNoun	swe	Lafayette	properNoun	nor
Heid	properNoun	swe	Heid	properNoun	nor
Amerigo	properNoun	swe	Amerigo	properNoun	nor
Leirvik	properNoun	swe	Leirvik	properNoun	nor
Pääkkönen	properNoun	swe	Pääkkönen	properNoun	nor
Bekkemellem	properNoun	swe	Bekkemellem	properNoun	nor
DaleGudbrand	properNoun	swe	DaleGudbrand	properNoun	nor
Donets	properNoun	swe	Donets	properNoun	nor
Wanvik	properNoun	swe	Wanvik	properNoun	nor
Porri	properNoun	swe	Porri	properNoun	nor
Brande	properNoun	swe	Brande	properNoun	nor
Stettin	properNoun	swe	Stettin	properNoun	nor
Rolland	properNoun	swe	Rolland	properNoun	nor
Nikkonen	properNoun	swe	Nikkonen	properNoun	nor
Majoinen	properNoun	swe	Majoinen	properNoun	nor
Flod	properNoun	swe	Flod	properNoun	nor
Svend	properNoun	swe	Svend	properNoun	nor
Svene	properNoun	swe	Svene	properNoun	nor
Esbensen	properNoun	swe	Esbensen	properNoun	nor
Stabburet	properNoun	swe	Stabburet	properNoun	nor
Jacobson	properNoun	swe	Jacobson	properNoun	nor
Majavajohka	properNoun	swe	Majavajohka	properNoun	nor
Kuusijärvi	properNoun	swe	Kuusijärvi	properNoun	nor
Randsfjorden	properNoun	swe	Randsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Sven	properNoun	swe	Sven	properNoun	nor
Ylva	properNoun	swe	Ylva	properNoun	nor
Karmsund	properNoun	swe	Karmsund	properNoun	nor
Lihavainen	properNoun	swe	Lihavainen	properNoun	nor
Heim	properNoun	swe	Heim	properNoun	nor
Erastos	properNoun	swe	Erastos	properNoun	nor
Pirjo	properNoun	swe	Pirjo	properNoun	nor
Rajalahti	properNoun	swe	Rajalahti	properNoun	nor
Hein	properNoun	swe	Hein	properNoun	nor
Reinhardt	properNoun	swe	Reinhardt	properNoun	nor
Cabello	properNoun	swe	Cabello	properNoun	nor
Diijá	properNoun	swe	Diijá	properNoun	nor
Fosen	properNoun	swe	Fosen	properNoun	nor
Flom	properNoun	swe	Flom	properNoun	nor
Brando	properNoun	swe	Brando	properNoun	nor
Rávná	properNoun	swe	Rávná	properNoun	nor
Svenn	properNoun	swe	Svenn	properNoun	nor
Lyyra	properNoun	swe	Lyyra	properNoun	nor
Verdun	properNoun	swe	Verdun	properNoun	nor
Ämmälä	properNoun	swe	Ämmälä	properNoun	nor
Bear	properNoun	swe	Bear	properNoun	nor
Brisson	properNoun	swe	Brisson	properNoun	nor
Vadheim	properNoun	swe	Vadheim	properNoun	nor
Ylisaari	properNoun	swe	Ylisaari	properNoun	nor
Schjelvan	properNoun	swe	Schjelvan	properNoun	nor
Flor	properNoun	swe	Flor	properNoun	nor
Bøylestad	properNoun	swe	Bøylestad	properNoun	nor
Kuure	properNoun	swe	Kuure	properNoun	nor
Alicante	properNoun	swe	Alicante	properNoun	nor
Brandt	properNoun	swe	Brandt	properNoun	nor
Kublai	properNoun	swe	Kublai	properNoun	nor
Fridtjof	properNoun	swe	Fridtjof	properNoun	nor
Marius	properNoun	swe	Marius	properNoun	nor
Amundssen	properNoun	swe	Amundssen	properNoun	nor
Kiønig	properNoun	swe	Kiønig	properNoun	nor
Royal	properNoun	swe	Royal	properNoun	nor
Eerikäinen	properNoun	swe	Eerikäinen	properNoun	nor
Vidrek	properNoun	swe	Vidrek	properNoun	nor
Haugastøl	properNoun	swe	Haugastøl	properNoun	nor
Hiiri	properNoun	swe	Hiiri	properNoun	nor
Olason	properNoun	swe	Olason	properNoun	nor
Ekeberg	properNoun	swe	Ekeberg	properNoun	nor
Sahala	properNoun	swe	Sahala	properNoun	nor
Flow	properNoun	swe	Flow	properNoun	nor
Oppsal	properNoun	swe	Oppsal	properNoun	nor
Rosenberg	properNoun	swe	Rosenberg	properNoun	nor
Lounonen	properNoun	swe	Lounonen	properNoun	nor
Marlene	properNoun	swe	Marlene	properNoun	nor
Holten	properNoun	swe	Holten	properNoun	nor
Vanhamäki	properNoun	swe	Vanhamäki	properNoun	nor
Kantala	properNoun	swe	Kantala	properNoun	nor
Sør-Sverige	properNoun	swe	Sør-Sverige	properNoun	nor
Tjørme	properNoun	swe	Tjørme	properNoun	nor
Ala-Heikkilä	properNoun	swe	Ala-Heikkilä	properNoun	nor
Brynildson	properNoun	swe	Brynildson	properNoun	nor
Düsseldorf	properNoun	swe	Düsseldorf	properNoun	nor
Noronen	properNoun	swe	Noronen	properNoun	nor
Holter	properNoun	swe	Holter	properNoun	nor
Luukka	properNoun	swe	Luukka	properNoun	nor
Tollefsen	properNoun	swe	Tollefsen	properNoun	nor
Gjertsson	properNoun	swe	Gjertsson	properNoun	nor
Säämänen	properNoun	swe	Säämänen	properNoun	nor
Holtet	properNoun	swe	Holtet	properNoun	nor
Pienimäki	properNoun	swe	Pienimäki	properNoun	nor
Kortesluoma	properNoun	swe	Kortesluoma	properNoun	nor
Pitkälä	properNoun	swe	Pitkälä	properNoun	nor
Happo	properNoun	swe	Happo	properNoun	nor
Amt	properNoun	swe	Amt	properNoun	nor
Paakkanen	properNoun	swe	Paakkanen	properNoun	nor
Lydersen	properNoun	swe	Lydersen	properNoun	nor
Jurvanen	properNoun	swe	Jurvanen	properNoun	nor
Pihlajamaa	properNoun	swe	Pihlajamaa	properNoun	nor
Grinden	properNoun	swe	Grinden	properNoun	nor
Áillun	properNoun	swe	Áillun	properNoun	nor
Fridtjov	properNoun	swe	Fridtjov	properNoun	nor
Danmark	properNoun	swe	Danmark	properNoun	nor
Borgann	properNoun	swe	Borgann	properNoun	nor
Amy	properNoun	swe	Amy	properNoun	nor
London	properNoun	swe	London	properNoun	nor
Løvberg	properNoun	swe	Løvberg	properNoun	nor
Kielatis	properNoun	swe	Kielatis	properNoun	nor
Colón	properNoun	swe	Colón	properNoun	nor
Skagen	properNoun	swe	Skagen	properNoun	nor
Latvala	properNoun	swe	Latvala	properNoun	nor
Grinder	properNoun	swe	Grinder	properNoun	nor
Kikki	properNoun	swe	Kikki	properNoun	nor
Milvius	properNoun	swe	Milvius	properNoun	nor
Eidem	properNoun	swe	Eidem	properNoun	nor
Juhan	properNoun	swe	Juhan	properNoun	nor
Muhonen	properNoun	swe	Muhonen	properNoun	nor
Hinna	properNoun	swe	Hinna	properNoun	nor
Luukko	properNoun	swe	Luukko	properNoun	nor
Huotilainen	properNoun	swe	Huotilainen	properNoun	nor
Averlakova	properNoun	swe	Averlakova	properNoun	nor
Kelly	properNoun	swe	Kelly	properNoun	nor
Erichsson	properNoun	swe	Erichsson	properNoun	nor
Geter	properNoun	swe	Geter	properNoun	nor
Baalbek	properNoun	swe	Baalbek	properNoun	nor
Alajärvi	properNoun	swe	Alajärvi	properNoun	nor
Mylly	properNoun	swe	Mylly	properNoun	nor
Sundset	properNoun	swe	Sundset	properNoun	nor
Marum	properNoun	swe	Marum	properNoun	nor
Ipsen	properNoun	swe	Ipsen	properNoun	nor
Fie	properNoun	swe	Fie	properNoun	nor
Eider	properNoun	swe	Eider	properNoun	nor
Braastad	properNoun	swe	Braastad	properNoun	nor
Remington	properNoun	swe	Remington	properNoun	nor
Hamlet	properNoun	swe	Hamlet	properNoun	nor
Nygren	properNoun	swe	Nygren	properNoun	nor
Vråliosen	properNoun	swe	Vråliosen	properNoun	nor
Liuha	properNoun	swe	Liuha	properNoun	nor
Broderstad	properNoun	swe	Broderstad	properNoun	nor
Esther	properNoun	swe	Esther	properNoun	nor
Ghana	properNoun	swe	Ghana	properNoun	nor
Karin	properNoun	swe	Karin	properNoun	nor
Sørli	properNoun	swe	Sørli	properNoun	nor
Quenild	properNoun	swe	Quenild	properNoun	nor
Høvik	properNoun	swe	Høvik	properNoun	nor
Lorentson	properNoun	swe	Lorentson	properNoun	nor
Bjørndal	properNoun	swe	Bjørndal	properNoun	nor
Vác	properNoun	swe	Vác	properNoun	nor
Baltzersen	properNoun	swe	Baltzersen	properNoun	nor
Mendel	properNoun	swe	Mendel	properNoun	nor
Käiväräinen	properNoun	swe	Käiväräinen	properNoun	nor
Grøgaard	properNoun	swe	Grøgaard	properNoun	nor
Gramstad	properNoun	swe	Gramstad	properNoun	nor
Bengtson	properNoun	swe	Bengtson	properNoun	nor
Gusto	properNoun	swe	Gusto	properNoun	nor
Sessvollmoen	properNoun	swe	Sessvollmoen	properNoun	nor
Daniel	properNoun	swe	Daniel	properNoun	nor
Zoya	properNoun	swe	Zoya	properNoun	nor
Thorkildssen	properNoun	swe	Thorkildssen	properNoun	nor
Metsäpelto	properNoun	swe	Metsäpelto	properNoun	nor
Guinea	properNoun	swe	Guinea	properNoun	nor
Iivari	properNoun	swe	Iivari	properNoun	nor
Huotarinen	properNoun	swe	Huotarinen	properNoun	nor
Heddalsvatnet	properNoun	swe	Heddalsvatnet	properNoun	nor
Pravda	properNoun	swe	Pravda	properNoun	nor
Wuolab	properNoun	swe	Wuolab	properNoun	nor
Pietiläinen	properNoun	swe	Pietiläinen	properNoun	nor
Nasserjávri	properNoun	swe	Nasserjávri	properNoun	nor
Onesimus	properNoun	swe	Onesimus	properNoun	nor
Rognstad	properNoun	swe	Rognstad	properNoun	nor
Sundbyberg	properNoun	swe	Sundbyberg	properNoun	nor
Grostøl	properNoun	swe	Grostøl	properNoun	nor
Konstantin	properNoun	swe	Konstantin	properNoun	nor
Stian	properNoun	swe	Stian	properNoun	nor
Laslett	properNoun	swe	Laslett	properNoun	nor
Kokkonen	properNoun	swe	Kokkonen	properNoun	nor
Karlsvogna	properNoun	swe	Karlsvogna	properNoun	nor
Mikkelsdatter	properNoun	swe	Mikkelsdatter	properNoun	nor
Iltanen	properNoun	swe	Iltanen	properNoun	nor
Hildonen	properNoun	swe	Hildonen	properNoun	nor
Fuglerud	properNoun	swe	Fuglerud	properNoun	nor
Gustu	properNoun	swe	Gustu	properNoun	nor
Rindestu	properNoun	swe	Rindestu	properNoun	nor
Mausolos	properNoun	swe	Mausolos	properNoun	nor
Kahri	properNoun	swe	Kahri	properNoun	nor
Fogelstrøm	properNoun	swe	Fogelstrøm	properNoun	nor
Talus	properNoun	swe	Talus	properNoun	nor
Suursalmi	properNoun	swe	Suursalmi	properNoun	nor
Vitus	properNoun	swe	Vitus	properNoun	nor
Enid	properNoun	swe	Enid	properNoun	nor
Pimiä	properNoun	swe	Pimiä	properNoun	nor
Assur	properNoun	swe	Assur	properNoun	nor
Saunamäki	properNoun	swe	Saunamäki	properNoun	nor
Loikala	properNoun	swe	Loikala	properNoun	nor
Kodzjent	properNoun	swe	Kodzjent	properNoun	nor
Kivikoski	properNoun	swe	Kivikoski	properNoun	nor
Hyldstrup	properNoun	swe	Hyldstrup	properNoun	nor
Havran	properNoun	swe	Havran	properNoun	nor
Vasco	properNoun	swe	Vasco	properNoun	nor
Perikles	properNoun	swe	Perikles	properNoun	nor
Bergan	properNoun	swe	Bergan	properNoun	nor
Torgerson	properNoun	swe	Torgerson	properNoun	nor
Asker	properNoun	swe	Asker	properNoun	nor
Bergeson	properNoun	swe	Bergeson	properNoun	nor
Vuokila	properNoun	swe	Vuokila	properNoun	nor
Daytona	properNoun	swe	Daytona	properNoun	nor
Bolla	properNoun	swe	Bolla	properNoun	nor
Takanen	properNoun	swe	Takanen	properNoun	nor
Kittilsen	properNoun	swe	Kittilsen	properNoun	nor
Kotola	properNoun	swe	Kotola	properNoun	nor
Kahrs	properNoun	swe	Kahrs	properNoun	nor
Eiberg	properNoun	swe	Eiberg	properNoun	nor
Seefeld	properNoun	swe	Seefeld	properNoun	nor
Mindnes	properNoun	swe	Mindnes	properNoun	nor
Kjelstrup	properNoun	swe	Kjelstrup	properNoun	nor
Skirne	properNoun	swe	Skirne	properNoun	nor
Tuyuc	properNoun	swe	Tuyuc	properNoun	nor
Aarrestad	properNoun	swe	Aarrestad	properNoun	nor
Hans-Petter	properNoun	swe	Hans-Petter	properNoun	nor
Bidjovagge	properNoun	swe	Bidjovagge	properNoun	nor
Albrektsen	properNoun	swe	Albrektsen	properNoun	nor
Ødegård	properNoun	swe	Ødegård	properNoun	nor
Suojala	properNoun	swe	Suojala	properNoun	nor
Ohock	properNoun	swe	Ohock	properNoun	nor
Minelli	properNoun	swe	Minelli	properNoun	nor
Josát	properNoun	swe	Josát	properNoun	nor
Gjestad	properNoun	swe	Gjestad	properNoun	nor
Ansager	properNoun	swe	Ansager	properNoun	nor
Neri	properNoun	swe	Neri	properNoun	nor
Sul	properNoun	swe	Sul	properNoun	nor
Svenska Akademien	properNoun	swe	Svenska Akademien	properNoun	nor
Palomäki	properNoun	swe	Palomäki	properNoun	nor
Domenico	properNoun	swe	Domenico	properNoun	nor
Sun	properNoun	swe	Sun	properNoun	nor
Zajceva	properNoun	swe	Zajceva	properNoun	nor
Sør-Troms	properNoun	swe	Sør-Troms	properNoun	nor
Paukkunen	properNoun	swe	Paukkunen	properNoun	nor
Kem	properNoun	swe	Kem	properNoun	nor
Stongasund	properNoun	swe	Stongasund	properNoun	nor
Lemola	properNoun	swe	Lemola	properNoun	nor
Bæhr	properNoun	swe	Bæhr	properNoun	nor
Nero	properNoun	swe	Nero	properNoun	nor
Ken	properNoun	swe	Ken	properNoun	nor
Bahrain	properNoun	swe	Bahrain	properNoun	nor
Skollerud	properNoun	swe	Skollerud	properNoun	nor
Ohtamaa	properNoun	swe	Ohtamaa	properNoun	nor
Vest-Kasai	properNoun	swe	Vest-Kasai	properNoun	nor
Jiang	properNoun	swe	Jiang	properNoun	nor
Wurzel	properNoun	swe	Wurzel	properNoun	nor
Erkkenjárga	properNoun	swe	Erkkenjárga	properNoun	nor
Avveel	properNoun	swe	Avveel	properNoun	nor
Ragna	properNoun	swe	Ragna	properNoun	nor
Shetlandsbankene	properNoun	swe	Shetlandsbankene	properNoun	nor
Mikronesia	properNoun	swe	Mikronesia	properNoun	nor
Saukkoriipi	properNoun	swe	Saukkoriipi	properNoun	nor
Lotvonen	properNoun	swe	Lotvonen	properNoun	nor
Ane	properNoun	swe	Ane	properNoun	nor
Avesta	properNoun	swe	Avesta	properNoun	nor
Akkerhaugen	properNoun	swe	Akkerhaugen	properNoun	nor
Thorleif	properNoun	swe	Thorleif	properNoun	nor
Pfeiffer	properNoun	swe	Pfeiffer	properNoun	nor
Lingan	properNoun	swe	Lingan	properNoun	nor
Junnikkala	properNoun	swe	Junnikkala	properNoun	nor
Lávrrahaš	properNoun	swe	Lávrrahaš	properNoun	nor
MSMail	properNoun	swe	MSMail	properNoun	nor
Hunter	properNoun	swe	Hunter	properNoun	nor
Kuusi	properNoun	swe	Kuusi	properNoun	nor
Evertsen	properNoun	swe	Evertsen	properNoun	nor
Klemmet	properNoun	swe	Klemmet	properNoun	nor
Key	properNoun	swe	Key	properNoun	nor
Dar-es-Salaam	properNoun	swe	Dar-es-Salaam	properNoun	nor
Wilks	properNoun	swe	Wilks	properNoun	nor
Kouki	properNoun	swe	Kouki	properNoun	nor
Anselm	properNoun	swe	Anselm	properNoun	nor
Vaarna	properNoun	swe	Vaarna	properNoun	nor
Stavang	properNoun	swe	Stavang	properNoun	nor
Skåningsbukt	properNoun	swe	Skåningsbukt	properNoun	nor
Jeppänen	properNoun	swe	Jeppänen	properNoun	nor
Aavikko	properNoun	swe	Aavikko	properNoun	nor
Undis	properNoun	swe	Undis	properNoun	nor
Ragni	properNoun	swe	Ragni	properNoun	nor
Viskari	properNoun	swe	Viskari	properNoun	nor
Keltanen	properNoun	swe	Keltanen	properNoun	nor
Halvor	properNoun	swe	Halvor	properNoun	nor
Bjørnvig	properNoun	swe	Bjørnvig	properNoun	nor
Stig-Rune	properNoun	swe	Stig-Rune	properNoun	nor
Ann	properNoun	swe	Ann	properNoun	nor
Ølen	properNoun	swe	Ølen	properNoun	nor
Kiva	properNoun	swe	Kiva	properNoun	nor
Gudlaug	properNoun	swe	Gudlaug	properNoun	nor
Hemnes	properNoun	swe	Hemnes	properNoun	nor
Eina	properNoun	swe	Eina	properNoun	nor
Pöysti	properNoun	swe	Pöysti	properNoun	nor
Mansikkamäki	properNoun	swe	Mansikkamäki	properNoun	nor
Høegmann	properNoun	swe	Høegmann	properNoun	nor
Odfjell	properNoun	swe	Odfjell	properNoun	nor
Sipilä	properNoun	swe	Sipilä	properNoun	nor
Pag	properNoun	swe	Pag	properNoun	nor
Pakistan	properNoun	swe	Pakistan	properNoun	nor
Pietikäinen	properNoun	swe	Pietikäinen	properNoun	nor
Lipponen	properNoun	swe	Lipponen	properNoun	nor
Eine	properNoun	swe	Eine	properNoun	nor
Trondheim	properNoun	swe	Trondheim	properNoun	nor
Lervik	properNoun	swe	Lervik	properNoun	nor
MMI	properNoun	swe	MMI	properNoun	nor
Kortesmäki	properNoun	swe	Kortesmäki	properNoun	nor
Ormemyr	properNoun	swe	Ormemyr	properNoun	nor
Niinikoski	properNoun	swe	Niinikoski	properNoun	nor
Kivi	properNoun	swe	Kivi	properNoun	nor
Skretteberg	properNoun	swe	Skretteberg	properNoun	nor
Marve	properNoun	swe	Marve	properNoun	nor
Bjørkli	properNoun	swe	Bjørkli	properNoun	nor
Bertnem	properNoun	swe	Bertnem	properNoun	nor
Knut-Erik	properNoun	swe	Knut-Erik	properNoun	nor
Brno	properNoun	swe	Brno	properNoun	nor
Ustevann	properNoun	swe	Ustevann	properNoun	nor
Rytkönen	properNoun	swe	Rytkönen	properNoun	nor
Kemuel	properNoun	swe	Kemuel	properNoun	nor
Marketta	properNoun	swe	Marketta	properNoun	nor
Pan	properNoun	swe	Pan	properNoun	nor
Kaufmann	properNoun	swe	Kaufmann	properNoun	nor
Kaldestad	properNoun	swe	Kaldestad	properNoun	nor
Ragny	properNoun	swe	Ragny	properNoun	nor
Øvrevoll	properNoun	swe	Øvrevoll	properNoun	nor
Välimäki	properNoun	swe	Välimäki	properNoun	nor
Lied	properNoun	swe	Lied	properNoun	nor
Riffanvággi	properNoun	swe	Riffanvággi	properNoun	nor
Mustajoki	properNoun	swe	Mustajoki	properNoun	nor
Tjørhom	properNoun	swe	Tjørhom	properNoun	nor
Sæbø	properNoun	swe	Sæbø	properNoun	nor
Salmikivi	properNoun	swe	Salmikivi	properNoun	nor
Kuismin	properNoun	swe	Kuismin	properNoun	nor
Eino	properNoun	swe	Eino	properNoun	nor
Øyeren	properNoun	swe	Øyeren	properNoun	nor
Johnstad	properNoun	swe	Johnstad	properNoun	nor
Hytönen	properNoun	swe	Hytönen	properNoun	nor
Fløtten	properNoun	swe	Fløtten	properNoun	nor
Rimi	properNoun	swe	Rimi	properNoun	nor
Samfund	properNoun	swe	Samfund	properNoun	nor
Meedbye	properNoun	swe	Meedbye	properNoun	nor
Arkimedes	properNoun	swe	Arkimedes	properNoun	nor
Roininen	properNoun	swe	Roininen	properNoun	nor
Pykäläinen	properNoun	swe	Pykäläinen	properNoun	nor
Mülheim	properNoun	swe	Mülheim	properNoun	nor
Kivivuori	properNoun	swe	Kivivuori	properNoun	nor
Ánnejohka	properNoun	swe	Ánnejohka	properNoun	nor
Røise	properNoun	swe	Røise	properNoun	nor
Pax	properNoun	swe	Pax	properNoun	nor
Barrow	properNoun	swe	Barrow	properNoun	nor
Wyclif	properNoun	swe	Wyclif	properNoun	nor
Irjánmaras	properNoun	swe	Irjánmaras	properNoun	nor
Tyin	properNoun	swe	Tyin	properNoun	nor
Tidend	properNoun	swe	Tidend	properNoun	nor
Lien	properNoun	swe	Lien	properNoun	nor
Laukka	properNoun	swe	Laukka	properNoun	nor
Dansk	properNoun	swe	Dansk	properNoun	nor
Paz	properNoun	swe	Paz	properNoun	nor
Tora	properNoun	swe	Tora	properNoun	nor
Lundbohm	properNoun	swe	Lundbohm	properNoun	nor
Harila	properNoun	swe	Harila	properNoun	nor
Hoba	properNoun	swe	Hoba	properNoun	nor
Olivia	properNoun	swe	Olivia	properNoun	nor
Tord	properNoun	swe	Tord	properNoun	nor
Nordgulen	properNoun	swe	Nordgulen	properNoun	nor
Irbil	properNoun	swe	Irbil	properNoun	nor
Chen	properNoun	swe	Chen	properNoun	nor
Lier	properNoun	swe	Lier	properNoun	nor
Toivanen	properNoun	swe	Toivanen	properNoun	nor
Sukuvaara	properNoun	swe	Sukuvaara	properNoun	nor
Junikka	properNoun	swe	Junikka	properNoun	nor
Tore	properNoun	swe	Tore	properNoun	nor
Tammisalo	properNoun	swe	Tammisalo	properNoun	nor
Liet	properNoun	swe	Liet	properNoun	nor
Massachusetts	properNoun	swe	Massachusetts	properNoun	nor
Elgklev	properNoun	swe	Elgklev	properNoun	nor
Beitostølen	properNoun	swe	Beitostølen	properNoun	nor
Cher	properNoun	swe	Cher	properNoun	nor
Jamin	properNoun	swe	Jamin	properNoun	nor
Tori	properNoun	swe	Tori	properNoun	nor
Taiwan	properNoun	swe	Taiwan	properNoun	nor
Hauta-aho	properNoun	swe	Hauta-aho	properNoun	nor
Lumio	properNoun	swe	Lumio	properNoun	nor
Bødtker	properNoun	swe	Bødtker	properNoun	nor
Hampton	properNoun	swe	Hampton	properNoun	nor
Lehtoranta	properNoun	swe	Lehtoranta	properNoun	nor
Ojaniemi	properNoun	swe	Ojaniemi	properNoun	nor
Abildgaard	properNoun	swe	Abildgaard	properNoun	nor
Joavnnajávri	properNoun	swe	Joavnnajávri	properNoun	nor
Gáhppá	properNoun	swe	Gáhppá	properNoun	nor
Torp	properNoun	swe	Torp	properNoun	nor
Sergius	properNoun	swe	Sergius	properNoun	nor
Rolfson	properNoun	swe	Rolfson	properNoun	nor
Puustelli	properNoun	swe	Puustelli	properNoun	nor
Wemberg	properNoun	swe	Wemberg	properNoun	nor
Karppanen	properNoun	swe	Karppanen	properNoun	nor
Forvik	properNoun	swe	Forvik	properNoun	nor
Robstad	properNoun	swe	Robstad	properNoun	nor
Ollanketo	properNoun	swe	Ollanketo	properNoun	nor
Bolme	properNoun	swe	Bolme	properNoun	nor
Kim-Andre	properNoun	swe	Kim-Andre	properNoun	nor
Cornelius	properNoun	swe	Cornelius	properNoun	nor
Winston	properNoun	swe	Winston	properNoun	nor
Vanonen	properNoun	swe	Vanonen	properNoun	nor
Rintaluoma	properNoun	swe	Rintaluoma	properNoun	nor
Hukka	properNoun	swe	Hukka	properNoun	nor
Oppedal	properNoun	swe	Oppedal	properNoun	nor
Tenopuro	properNoun	swe	Tenopuro	properNoun	nor
Omejer	properNoun	swe	Omejer	properNoun	nor
Andorsen	properNoun	swe	Andorsen	properNoun	nor
Wolden	properNoun	swe	Wolden	properNoun	nor
Väystäjä	properNoun	swe	Väystäjä	properNoun	nor
Hedstrøm	properNoun	swe	Hedstrøm	properNoun	nor
Nicolai	properNoun	swe	Nicolai	properNoun	nor
Bruun	properNoun	swe	Bruun	properNoun	nor
Widvey	properNoun	swe	Widvey	properNoun	nor
Huhtilainen	properNoun	swe	Huhtilainen	properNoun	nor
Hochheim	properNoun	swe	Hochheim	properNoun	nor
Rollstad	properNoun	swe	Rollstad	properNoun	nor
Sogas	properNoun	swe	Sogas	properNoun	nor
Etelämäki	properNoun	swe	Etelämäki	properNoun	nor
Orkdal	properNoun	swe	Orkdal	properNoun	nor
Sinding	properNoun	swe	Sinding	properNoun	nor
Pyhäjärvi	properNoun	swe	Pyhäjärvi	properNoun	nor
Márgget	properNoun	swe	Márgget	properNoun	nor
Bech	properNoun	swe	Bech	properNoun	nor
Centre	properNoun	swe	Centre	properNoun	nor
Minais	properNoun	swe	Minais	properNoun	nor
Dammann	properNoun	swe	Dammann	properNoun	nor
Jared	properNoun	swe	Jared	properNoun	nor
Athene	properNoun	swe	Athene	properNoun	nor
Wille	properNoun	swe	Wille	properNoun	nor
Raufoss	properNoun	swe	Raufoss	properNoun	nor
Beck	properNoun	swe	Beck	properNoun	nor
Porto	properNoun	swe	Porto	properNoun	nor
Benidorm	properNoun	swe	Benidorm	properNoun	nor
Suvitie	properNoun	swe	Suvitie	properNoun	nor
Okkonen	properNoun	swe	Okkonen	properNoun	nor
Mælen	properNoun	swe	Mælen	properNoun	nor
Asbøll	properNoun	swe	Asbøll	properNoun	nor
Wagner	properNoun	swe	Wagner	properNoun	nor
Järvisalo	properNoun	swe	Järvisalo	properNoun	nor
Hälinen	properNoun	swe	Hälinen	properNoun	nor
Nicolas	properNoun	swe	Nicolas	properNoun	nor
Vegtun	properNoun	swe	Vegtun	properNoun	nor
Gulsrud	properNoun	swe	Gulsrud	properNoun	nor
Ytrehaug	properNoun	swe	Ytrehaug	properNoun	nor
Marthin	properNoun	swe	Marthin	properNoun	nor
Fremstad	properNoun	swe	Fremstad	properNoun	nor
Halbertsma	properNoun	swe	Halbertsma	properNoun	nor
Alexandersen	properNoun	swe	Alexandersen	properNoun	nor
Márte	properNoun	swe	Márte	properNoun	nor
Ness	properNoun	swe	Ness	properNoun	nor
Årnesmyr	properNoun	swe	Årnesmyr	properNoun	nor
Pakarinen	properNoun	swe	Pakarinen	properNoun	nor
Cortes	properNoun	swe	Cortes	properNoun	nor
Bergliot	properNoun	swe	Bergliot	properNoun	nor
Jaren	properNoun	swe	Jaren	properNoun	nor
Mejlænder	properNoun	swe	Mejlænder	properNoun	nor
Teppo	properNoun	swe	Teppo	properNoun	nor
Edgar	properNoun	swe	Edgar	properNoun	nor
Nicolay	properNoun	swe	Nicolay	properNoun	nor
Namsskogan	properNoun	swe	Namsskogan	properNoun	nor
Galmaja	properNoun	swe	Galmaja	properNoun	nor
Brekken	properNoun	swe	Brekken	properNoun	nor
Bihtovárri	properNoun	swe	Bihtovárri	properNoun	nor
Sirill	properNoun	swe	Sirill	properNoun	nor
Britta	properNoun	swe	Britta	properNoun	nor
Tønnes	properNoun	swe	Tønnes	properNoun	nor
Bjerkmann	properNoun	swe	Bjerkmann	properNoun	nor
Joronen	properNoun	swe	Joronen	properNoun	nor
Heber	properNoun	swe	Heber	properNoun	nor
Jørgensen	properNoun	swe	Jørgensen	properNoun	nor
Vähäkainu	properNoun	swe	Vähäkainu	properNoun	nor
Canterbury	properNoun	swe	Canterbury	properNoun	nor
Anette	properNoun	swe	Anette	properNoun	nor
Bremen	properNoun	swe	Bremen	properNoun	nor
Jørund	properNoun	swe	Jørund	properNoun	nor
Hilmar	properNoun	swe	Hilmar	properNoun	nor
Koivukoski	properNoun	swe	Koivukoski	properNoun	nor
Goldenvárri	properNoun	swe	Goldenvárri	properNoun	nor
Zakariassen	properNoun	swe	Zakariassen	properNoun	nor
Schubert	properNoun	swe	Schubert	properNoun	nor
Trofimos	properNoun	swe	Trofimos	properNoun	nor
Rossmearra	properNoun	swe	Rossmearra	properNoun	nor
Kontulainen	properNoun	swe	Kontulainen	properNoun	nor
Broe	properNoun	swe	Broe	properNoun	nor
Eloranta	properNoun	swe	Eloranta	properNoun	nor
Dagestad	properNoun	swe	Dagestad	properNoun	nor
Willy	properNoun	swe	Willy	properNoun	nor
Ommund	properNoun	swe	Ommund	properNoun	nor
Flagstad	properNoun	swe	Flagstad	properNoun	nor
Haderslev	properNoun	swe	Haderslev	properNoun	nor
Refne	properNoun	swe	Refne	properNoun	nor
Annam	properNoun	swe	Annam	properNoun	nor
Siewers	properNoun	swe	Siewers	properNoun	nor
Cabernet	properNoun	swe	Cabernet	properNoun	nor
Rendalen	properNoun	swe	Rendalen	properNoun	nor
Toresson	properNoun	swe	Toresson	properNoun	nor
Utset	properNoun	swe	Utset	properNoun	nor
Lauersen	properNoun	swe	Lauersen	properNoun	nor
Heimola	properNoun	swe	Heimola	properNoun	nor
Stephan	properNoun	swe	Stephan	properNoun	nor
Annar	properNoun	swe	Annar	properNoun	nor
Tusvik	properNoun	swe	Tusvik	properNoun	nor
Suuronen	properNoun	swe	Suuronen	properNoun	nor
Iren	properNoun	swe	Iren	properNoun	nor
Sydney	properNoun	swe	Sydney	properNoun	nor
Ingmund	properNoun	swe	Ingmund	properNoun	nor
Ruusuvuori	properNoun	swe	Ruusuvuori	properNoun	nor
Bror	properNoun	swe	Bror	properNoun	nor
Life	properNoun	swe	Life	properNoun	nor
Kattegat	properNoun	swe	Kattegat	properNoun	nor
Ring	properNoun	swe	Ring	properNoun	nor
Lindbæck	properNoun	swe	Lindbæck	properNoun	nor
Kleppstad	properNoun	swe	Kleppstad	properNoun	nor
Torger	properNoun	swe	Torger	properNoun	nor
Vatikanet	properNoun	swe	Vatikanet	properNoun	nor
Liikanen	properNoun	swe	Liikanen	properNoun	nor
Lemesós	properNoun	swe	Lemesós	properNoun	nor
Herkko	properNoun	swe	Herkko	properNoun	nor
Frode	properNoun	swe	Frode	properNoun	nor
Haldis	properNoun	swe	Haldis	properNoun	nor
Åsgårda	properNoun	swe	Åsgårda	properNoun	nor
Tweed	properNoun	swe	Tweed	properNoun	nor
Dante	properNoun	swe	Dante	properNoun	nor
Sorvanov	properNoun	swe	Sorvanov	properNoun	nor
Zetterquist	properNoun	swe	Zetterquist	properNoun	nor
Kaarlela	properNoun	swe	Kaarlela	properNoun	nor
Hillilä	properNoun	swe	Hillilä	properNoun	nor
Brox	properNoun	swe	Brox	properNoun	nor
Runesson	properNoun	swe	Runesson	properNoun	nor
Torkkola	properNoun	swe	Torkkola	properNoun	nor
Heinisuo	properNoun	swe	Heinisuo	properNoun	nor
Torjussen	properNoun	swe	Torjussen	properNoun	nor
Tomperi	properNoun	swe	Tomperi	properNoun	nor
Miennavárri	properNoun	swe	Miennavárri	properNoun	nor
Kjøpstad	properNoun	swe	Kjøpstad	properNoun	nor
Hyötylä	properNoun	swe	Hyötylä	properNoun	nor
Haanæs	properNoun	swe	Haanæs	properNoun	nor
Klype	properNoun	swe	Klype	properNoun	nor
Uralfjellene	properNoun	swe	Uralfjellene	properNoun	nor
Rino	properNoun	swe	Rino	properNoun	nor
Hyppänen	properNoun	swe	Hyppänen	properNoun	nor
Thorbjørnsson	properNoun	swe	Thorbjørnsson	properNoun	nor
Høiseth	properNoun	swe	Høiseth	properNoun	nor
Haapsaari	properNoun	swe	Haapsaari	properNoun	nor
Guldvik	properNoun	swe	Guldvik	properNoun	nor
Orion	properNoun	swe	Orion	properNoun	nor
Frøy	properNoun	swe	Frøy	properNoun	nor
Kyyhkynen	properNoun	swe	Kyyhkynen	properNoun	nor
Kaulio	properNoun	swe	Kaulio	properNoun	nor
Tom-Rune	properNoun	swe	Tom-Rune	properNoun	nor
Rånåsfoss	properNoun	swe	Rånåsfoss	properNoun	nor
Corneliuson	properNoun	swe	Corneliuson	properNoun	nor
Vestrheim	properNoun	swe	Vestrheim	properNoun	nor
Laache	properNoun	swe	Laache	properNoun	nor
Blokken	properNoun	swe	Blokken	properNoun	nor
Guttormsen	properNoun	swe	Guttormsen	properNoun	nor
Alversund	properNoun	swe	Alversund	properNoun	nor
Ellilä	properNoun	swe	Ellilä	properNoun	nor
Doggerbank	properNoun	swe	Doggerbank	properNoun	nor
Hesjeberg	properNoun	swe	Hesjeberg	properNoun	nor
Meier	properNoun	swe	Meier	properNoun	nor
Juhánjávri	properNoun	swe	Juhánjávri	properNoun	nor
Hánssagieddi	properNoun	swe	Hánssagieddi	properNoun	nor
Brandenburg	properNoun	swe	Brandenburg	properNoun	nor
Nicholson	properNoun	swe	Nicholson	properNoun	nor
Esrah	properNoun	swe	Esrah	properNoun	nor
Egenschiøn	properNoun	swe	Egenschiøn	properNoun	nor
Pakanen	properNoun	swe	Pakanen	properNoun	nor
Erzincan	properNoun	swe	Erzincan	properNoun	nor
Mibsar	properNoun	swe	Mibsar	properNoun	nor
Elvestad	properNoun	swe	Elvestad	properNoun	nor
Lundberg	properNoun	swe	Lundberg	properNoun	nor
Tranøy	properNoun	swe	Tranøy	properNoun	nor
Langangen	properNoun	swe	Langangen	properNoun	nor
Kilikias	properNoun	swe	Kilikias	properNoun	nor
Markkinen	properNoun	swe	Markkinen	properNoun	nor
Torlak	properNoun	swe	Torlak	properNoun	nor
Odense	properNoun	swe	Odense	properNoun	nor
Verde	properNoun	swe	Verde	properNoun	nor
Virtanen	properNoun	swe	Virtanen	properNoun	nor
Pajarinen	properNoun	swe	Pajarinen	properNoun	nor
Nessvold	properNoun	swe	Nessvold	properNoun	nor
Søegaard	properNoun	swe	Søegaard	properNoun	nor
Finnmárkkuhálla	properNoun	swe	Finnmárkkuhálla	properNoun	nor
Locke	properNoun	swe	Locke	properNoun	nor
Orfeus	properNoun	swe	Orfeus	properNoun	nor
Graaff	properNoun	swe	Graaff	properNoun	nor
Juha	properNoun	swe	Juha	properNoun	nor
Harrison	properNoun	swe	Harrison	properNoun	nor
Scholdager	properNoun	swe	Scholdager	properNoun	nor
Marjamaa	properNoun	swe	Marjamaa	properNoun	nor
Vernon	properNoun	swe	Vernon	properNoun	nor
Ilona	properNoun	swe	Ilona	properNoun	nor
Beda	properNoun	swe	Beda	properNoun	nor
Sysmäläinen	properNoun	swe	Sysmäläinen	properNoun	nor
Rautasalo	properNoun	swe	Rautasalo	properNoun	nor
Finnmárkkuvuotna	properNoun	swe	Finnmárkkuvuotna	properNoun	nor
Donau	properNoun	swe	Donau	properNoun	nor
Roškov	properNoun	swe	Roškov	properNoun	nor
Heijjá	properNoun	swe	Heijjá	properNoun	nor
Leiknes	properNoun	swe	Leiknes	properNoun	nor
Rintamäki	properNoun	swe	Rintamäki	properNoun	nor
Hustadvika	properNoun	swe	Hustadvika	properNoun	nor
Leppiniemi	properNoun	swe	Leppiniemi	properNoun	nor
Globe	properNoun	swe	Globe	properNoun	nor
Törmikoski	properNoun	swe	Törmikoski	properNoun	nor
Tønnesson	properNoun	swe	Tønnesson	properNoun	nor
Jåks	properNoun	swe	Jåks	properNoun	nor
Juhl	properNoun	swe	Juhl	properNoun	nor
Hell	properNoun	swe	Hell	properNoun	nor
Haavikko	properNoun	swe	Haavikko	properNoun	nor
Aschfalk	properNoun	swe	Aschfalk	properNoun	nor
Asteregievra	properNoun	swe	Asteregievra	properNoun	nor
Menam	properNoun	swe	Menam	properNoun	nor
Korpiaho	properNoun	swe	Korpiaho	properNoun	nor
Juhn	properNoun	swe	Juhn	properNoun	nor
Helo	properNoun	swe	Helo	properNoun	nor
Juho	properNoun	swe	Juho	properNoun	nor
Fredrikshavn	properNoun	swe	Fredrikshavn	properNoun	nor
Rajasalo	properNoun	swe	Rajasalo	properNoun	nor
Mefisto	properNoun	swe	Mefisto	properNoun	nor
Epainetos	properNoun	swe	Epainetos	properNoun	nor
Odbjørg	properNoun	swe	Odbjørg	properNoun	nor
Spein	properNoun	swe	Spein	properNoun	nor
Nummela	properNoun	swe	Nummela	properNoun	nor
Curt	properNoun	swe	Curt	properNoun	nor
Boccaccio	properNoun	swe	Boccaccio	properNoun	nor
Holthe	properNoun	swe	Holthe	properNoun	nor
Medhus	properNoun	swe	Medhus	properNoun	nor
Mathisdtr.	properNoun	swe	Mathisdtr.	properNoun	nor
Syvertssen	properNoun	swe	Syvertssen	properNoun	nor
Nurro	properNoun	swe	Nurro	properNoun	nor
Clydekanála	properNoun	swe	Clydekanála	properNoun	nor
Berton	properNoun	swe	Berton	properNoun	nor
Tertius	properNoun	swe	Tertius	properNoun	nor
Basel	properNoun	swe	Basel	properNoun	nor
Neill	properNoun	swe	Neill	properNoun	nor
Jonathan	properNoun	swe	Jonathan	properNoun	nor
Tidemann	properNoun	swe	Tidemann	properNoun	nor
Vanja	properNoun	swe	Vanja	properNoun	nor
Bethesda	properNoun	swe	Bethesda	properNoun	nor
Pönkkä	properNoun	swe	Pönkkä	properNoun	nor
Groth-Lassinantti	properNoun	swe	Groth-Lassinantti	properNoun	nor
Voluspå	properNoun	swe	Voluspå	properNoun	nor
LOOC	properNoun	swe	LOOC	properNoun	nor
Hohenlinden	properNoun	swe	Hohenlinden	properNoun	nor
Glam	properNoun	swe	Glam	properNoun	nor
Gertsen	properNoun	swe	Gertsen	properNoun	nor
Vardal	properNoun	swe	Vardal	properNoun	nor
Pekola	properNoun	swe	Pekola	properNoun	nor
Habeck	properNoun	swe	Habeck	properNoun	nor
Haavard	properNoun	swe	Haavard	properNoun	nor
Østlie	properNoun	swe	Østlie	properNoun	nor
Lüneburger	properNoun	swe	Lüneburger	properNoun	nor
Kahilainen	properNoun	swe	Kahilainen	properNoun	nor
Larry	properNoun	swe	Larry	properNoun	nor
Kårstø	properNoun	swe	Kårstø	properNoun	nor
Lolland	properNoun	swe	Lolland	properNoun	nor
Eivor	properNoun	swe	Eivor	properNoun	nor
Abba	properNoun	swe	Abba	properNoun	nor
Råkstad	properNoun	swe	Råkstad	properNoun	nor
Brynhild	properNoun	swe	Brynhild	properNoun	nor
Töhönen	properNoun	swe	Töhönen	properNoun	nor
Bortneskår	properNoun	swe	Bortneskår	properNoun	nor
Wegard	properNoun	swe	Wegard	properNoun	nor
Interrail	properNoun	swe	Interrail	properNoun	nor
Syrstad	properNoun	swe	Syrstad	properNoun	nor
Niemann	properNoun	swe	Niemann	properNoun	nor
Mangen	properNoun	swe	Mangen	properNoun	nor
Löppönen	properNoun	swe	Löppönen	properNoun	nor
Gress	properNoun	swe	Gress	properNoun	nor
Ramsund	properNoun	swe	Ramsund	properNoun	nor
Kvaløya	properNoun	swe	Kvaløya	properNoun	nor
Räikkönen	properNoun	swe	Räikkönen	properNoun	nor
Offenberg	properNoun	swe	Offenberg	properNoun	nor
Valerij	properNoun	swe	Valerij	properNoun	nor
Joakim	properNoun	swe	Joakim	properNoun	nor
Karla	properNoun	swe	Karla	properNoun	nor
Kamilla	properNoun	swe	Kamilla	properNoun	nor
Tarhanen	properNoun	swe	Tarhanen	properNoun	nor
Porttipantti	properNoun	swe	Porttipantti	properNoun	nor
Manger	properNoun	swe	Manger	properNoun	nor
Billingstad	properNoun	swe	Billingstad	properNoun	nor
Thorstensson	properNoun	swe	Thorstensson	properNoun	nor
Rekustad	properNoun	swe	Rekustad	properNoun	nor
Mellumsplass	properNoun	swe	Mellumsplass	properNoun	nor
Dánelluokta	properNoun	swe	Dánelluokta	properNoun	nor
Sárábuolžžat	properNoun	swe	Sárábuolžžat	properNoun	nor
Torvalds	properNoun	swe	Torvalds	properNoun	nor
Majuri	properNoun	swe	Majuri	properNoun	nor
Tyke	properNoun	swe	Tyke	properNoun	nor
Yngvild	properNoun	swe	Yngvild	properNoun	nor
Leknes	properNoun	swe	Leknes	properNoun	nor
Kveseth	properNoun	swe	Kveseth	properNoun	nor
Ismail	properNoun	swe	Ismail	properNoun	nor
Nukarinen	properNoun	swe	Nukarinen	properNoun	nor
Kiiski	properNoun	swe	Kiiski	properNoun	nor
Kahn	properNoun	swe	Kahn	properNoun	nor
Nordberg	properNoun	swe	Nordberg	properNoun	nor
Riekeles	properNoun	swe	Riekeles	properNoun	nor
Nørgaard	properNoun	swe	Nørgaard	properNoun	nor
Tulla	properNoun	swe	Tulla	properNoun	nor
Waadt	properNoun	swe	Waadt	properNoun	nor
Vierikko	properNoun	swe	Vierikko	properNoun	nor
Hengsrød	properNoun	swe	Hengsrød	properNoun	nor
Grimsmo	properNoun	swe	Grimsmo	properNoun	nor
Bergensbanen	properNoun	swe	Bergensbanen	properNoun	nor
Oregon	properNoun	swe	Oregon	properNoun	nor
Karlo	properNoun	swe	Karlo	properNoun	nor
Hartikka	properNoun	swe	Hartikka	properNoun	nor
Armas	properNoun	swe	Armas	properNoun	nor
Yngvill	properNoun	swe	Yngvill	properNoun	nor
Suovasgielas	properNoun	swe	Suovasgielas	properNoun	nor
Størksen	properNoun	swe	Størksen	properNoun	nor
Marensius	properNoun	swe	Marensius	properNoun	nor
Gjerløw	properNoun	swe	Gjerløw	properNoun	nor
Theater	properNoun	swe	Theater	properNoun	nor
Ebsen	properNoun	swe	Ebsen	properNoun	nor
Dupont	properNoun	swe	Dupont	properNoun	nor
Tomminen	properNoun	swe	Tomminen	properNoun	nor
Finnås	properNoun	swe	Finnås	properNoun	nor
Dovre	properNoun	swe	Dovre	properNoun	nor
Namdalseid	properNoun	swe	Namdalseid	properNoun	nor
Løkås	properNoun	swe	Løkås	properNoun	nor
Narvessen	properNoun	swe	Narvessen	properNoun	nor
Enoksen	properNoun	swe	Enoksen	properNoun	nor
Kleven	properNoun	swe	Kleven	properNoun	nor
Rios	properNoun	swe	Rios	properNoun	nor
Jeuša	properNoun	swe	Jeuša	properNoun	nor
Grønningsæter	properNoun	swe	Grønningsæter	properNoun	nor
Flo	properNoun	swe	Flo	properNoun	nor
Mordt	properNoun	swe	Mordt	properNoun	nor
Staahltoft	properNoun	swe	Staahltoft	properNoun	nor
Truls	properNoun	swe	Truls	properNoun	nor
Kvammen	properNoun	swe	Kvammen	properNoun	nor
Amerika	properNoun	swe	Amerika	properNoun	nor
Karly	properNoun	swe	Karly	properNoun	nor
Tomblin	properNoun	swe	Tomblin	properNoun	nor
Moldenes	properNoun	swe	Moldenes	properNoun	nor
Watford	properNoun	swe	Watford	properNoun	nor
Aleksandersen	properNoun	swe	Aleksandersen	properNoun	nor
Mäkilä	properNoun	swe	Mäkilä	properNoun	nor
Viitamäki	properNoun	swe	Viitamäki	properNoun	nor
Kyrkjebø	properNoun	swe	Kyrkjebø	properNoun	nor
Finseth	properNoun	swe	Finseth	properNoun	nor
Sommerfelt	properNoun	swe	Sommerfelt	properNoun	nor
Mäkimaa	properNoun	swe	Mäkimaa	properNoun	nor
Moshagen	properNoun	swe	Moshagen	properNoun	nor
Bjerk	properNoun	swe	Bjerk	properNoun	nor
Sainio	properNoun	swe	Sainio	properNoun	nor
Fly	properNoun	swe	Fly	properNoun	nor
Kalvøya	properNoun	swe	Kalvøya	properNoun	nor
Reierson	properNoun	swe	Reierson	properNoun	nor
Cherbourg	properNoun	swe	Cherbourg	properNoun	nor
Ylöstalo	properNoun	swe	Ylöstalo	properNoun	nor
Orfevs	properNoun	swe	Orfevs	properNoun	nor
Torshov	properNoun	swe	Torshov	properNoun	nor
Jokkmokk	properNoun	swe	Jokkmokk	properNoun	nor
Mirjam	properNoun	swe	Mirjam	properNoun	nor
Zakopane	properNoun	swe	Zakopane	properNoun	nor
Jahren	properNoun	swe	Jahren	properNoun	nor
Svinesund	properNoun	swe	Svinesund	properNoun	nor
Kärpänen	properNoun	swe	Kärpänen	properNoun	nor
Bøhle	properNoun	swe	Bøhle	properNoun	nor
Bedworth	properNoun	swe	Bedworth	properNoun	nor
Folkestad	properNoun	swe	Folkestad	properNoun	nor
Wivel	properNoun	swe	Wivel	properNoun	nor
Vainiola	properNoun	swe	Vainiola	properNoun	nor
Bergset	properNoun	swe	Bergset	properNoun	nor
Hodt	properNoun	swe	Hodt	properNoun	nor
Rolvsson	properNoun	swe	Rolvsson	properNoun	nor
Savio	properNoun	swe	Savio	properNoun	nor
Britney	properNoun	swe	Britney	properNoun	nor
Sverd	properNoun	swe	Sverd	properNoun	nor
Hammare	properNoun	swe	Hammare	properNoun	nor
Lásse	properNoun	swe	Lásse	properNoun	nor
Tauli-Corpuz	properNoun	swe	Tauli-Corpuz	properNoun	nor
Humalamäki	properNoun	swe	Humalamäki	properNoun	nor
Paulus	properNoun	swe	Paulus	properNoun	nor
Bergessen	properNoun	swe	Bergessen	properNoun	nor
Ulfsparre	properNoun	swe	Ulfsparre	properNoun	nor
Fuglum	properNoun	swe	Fuglum	properNoun	nor
Ludvig	properNoun	swe	Ludvig	properNoun	nor
Guttormsson	properNoun	swe	Guttormsson	properNoun	nor
Tiber	properNoun	swe	Tiber	properNoun	nor
Kilpiäinen	properNoun	swe	Kilpiäinen	properNoun	nor
Hammari	properNoun	swe	Hammari	properNoun	nor
Sveinsen	properNoun	swe	Sveinsen	properNoun	nor
Kivipelto	properNoun	swe	Kivipelto	properNoun	nor
Temmerud	properNoun	swe	Temmerud	properNoun	nor
Tibet	properNoun	swe	Tibet	properNoun	nor
Ovesen	properNoun	swe	Ovesen	properNoun	nor
Karachi	properNoun	swe	Karachi	properNoun	nor
Thomasen	properNoun	swe	Thomasen	properNoun	nor
Ludvik	properNoun	swe	Ludvik	properNoun	nor
Juovlanigá	properNoun	swe	Juovlanigá	properNoun	nor
Synnøve	properNoun	swe	Synnøve	properNoun	nor
Vågan	properNoun	swe	Vågan	properNoun	nor
Leastádius	properNoun	swe	Leastádius	properNoun	nor
Tortenli	properNoun	swe	Tortenli	properNoun	nor
Kuuva	properNoun	swe	Kuuva	properNoun	nor
Vilkki	properNoun	swe	Vilkki	properNoun	nor
Sikkilä	properNoun	swe	Sikkilä	properNoun	nor
Greta	properNoun	swe	Greta	properNoun	nor
Grøndahl	properNoun	swe	Grøndahl	properNoun	nor
Scanche	properNoun	swe	Scanche	properNoun	nor
Høgset	properNoun	swe	Høgset	properNoun	nor
Beer	properNoun	swe	Beer	properNoun	nor
Sekundus	properNoun	swe	Sekundus	properNoun	nor
Dakar	properNoun	swe	Dakar	properNoun	nor
Samuelson	properNoun	swe	Samuelson	properNoun	nor
Berea	properNoun	swe	Berea	properNoun	nor
Grete	properNoun	swe	Grete	properNoun	nor
Bosporos	properNoun	swe	Bosporos	properNoun	nor
Eimstad	properNoun	swe	Eimstad	properNoun	nor
Vilkko	properNoun	swe	Vilkko	properNoun	nor
Petäjä	properNoun	swe	Petäjä	properNoun	nor
Albertssen	properNoun	swe	Albertssen	properNoun	nor
Schlyter	properNoun	swe	Schlyter	properNoun	nor
Hoang	properNoun	swe	Hoang	properNoun	nor
Bered	properNoun	swe	Bered	properNoun	nor
Holmsbu	properNoun	swe	Holmsbu	properNoun	nor
Katmandu	properNoun	swe	Katmandu	properNoun	nor
Lippe	properNoun	swe	Lippe	properNoun	nor
Fagerlund	properNoun	swe	Fagerlund	properNoun	nor
Cæcilius	properNoun	swe	Cæcilius	properNoun	nor
Hordaland	properNoun	swe	Hordaland	properNoun	nor
Bjørge	properNoun	swe	Bjørge	properNoun	nor
Merikanto	properNoun	swe	Merikanto	properNoun	nor
Skjølberg	properNoun	swe	Skjølberg	properNoun	nor
Hertford	properNoun	swe	Hertford	properNoun	nor
Kåre	properNoun	swe	Kåre	properNoun	nor
L'Olonnais	properNoun	swe	L'Olonnais	properNoun	nor
Hasvik	properNoun	swe	Hasvik	properNoun	nor
Øst-Finnmark	properNoun	swe	Øst-Finnmark	properNoun	nor
Karpov	properNoun	swe	Karpov	properNoun	nor
Lansman	properNoun	swe	Lansman	properNoun	nor
Kjartan	properNoun	swe	Kjartan	properNoun	nor
Myllylä	properNoun	swe	Myllylä	properNoun	nor
Aqqaluk	properNoun	swe	Aqqaluk	properNoun	nor
Kvande	properNoun	swe	Kvande	properNoun	nor
Rástoš	properNoun	swe	Rástoš	properNoun	nor
Kaia	properNoun	swe	Kaia	properNoun	nor
Myllymaa	properNoun	swe	Myllymaa	properNoun	nor
Istad	properNoun	swe	Istad	properNoun	nor
Chlodvig	properNoun	swe	Chlodvig	properNoun	nor
Alverstraumen	properNoun	swe	Alverstraumen	properNoun	nor
Leiulf	properNoun	swe	Leiulf	properNoun	nor
Tronnson	properNoun	swe	Tronnson	properNoun	nor
Lippo	properNoun	swe	Lippo	properNoun	nor
Solstrøm	properNoun	swe	Solstrøm	properNoun	nor
Lindholt	properNoun	swe	Lindholt	properNoun	nor
Mákkágálgooaivi	properNoun	swe	Mákkágálgooaivi	properNoun	nor
Langbråten	properNoun	swe	Langbråten	properNoun	nor
Buick	properNoun	swe	Buick	properNoun	nor
Dash	properNoun	swe	Dash	properNoun	nor
Gausta	properNoun	swe	Gausta	properNoun	nor
Kolbotn	properNoun	swe	Kolbotn	properNoun	nor
Kjellerup	properNoun	swe	Kjellerup	properNoun	nor
Aanes	properNoun	swe	Aanes	properNoun	nor
Ottestad	properNoun	swe	Ottestad	properNoun	nor
Beret	properNoun	swe	Beret	properNoun	nor
Pollard	properNoun	swe	Pollard	properNoun	nor
Gregussen	properNoun	swe	Gregussen	properNoun	nor
Humanioradagene	properNoun	swe	Humanioradagene	properNoun	nor
Høe	properNoun	swe	Høe	properNoun	nor
Rantakaulio	properNoun	swe	Rantakaulio	properNoun	nor
Holmvåg	properNoun	swe	Holmvåg	properNoun	nor
Grünthal	properNoun	swe	Grünthal	properNoun	nor
Petronella	properNoun	swe	Petronella	properNoun	nor
Palestina	properNoun	swe	Palestina	properNoun	nor
Tyrväinen	properNoun	swe	Tyrväinen	properNoun	nor
Relling	properNoun	swe	Relling	properNoun	nor
Petrovitch	properNoun	swe	Petrovitch	properNoun	nor
Høg	properNoun	swe	Høg	properNoun	nor
Joavnnajohka	properNoun	swe	Joavnnajohka	properNoun	nor
Pollari	properNoun	swe	Pollari	properNoun	nor
Molotov	properNoun	swe	Molotov	properNoun	nor
Frølich	properNoun	swe	Frølich	properNoun	nor
Kain	properNoun	swe	Kain	properNoun	nor
Porkola	properNoun	swe	Porkola	properNoun	nor
Turkulainen	properNoun	swe	Turkulainen	properNoun	nor
Takkinen	properNoun	swe	Takkinen	properNoun	nor
Pirttimäki	properNoun	swe	Pirttimäki	properNoun	nor
Kurppa	properNoun	swe	Kurppa	properNoun	nor
Wallraff	properNoun	swe	Wallraff	properNoun	nor
Ánddeš-Bier-jávri	properNoun	swe	Ánddeš-Bier-jávri	properNoun	nor
Høn	properNoun	swe	Høn	properNoun	nor
Lásseluokta	properNoun	swe	Lásseluokta	properNoun	nor
Knutssen	properNoun	swe	Knutssen	properNoun	nor
Lochman	properNoun	swe	Lochman	properNoun	nor
Finnerud	properNoun	swe	Finnerud	properNoun	nor
Cartman	properNoun	swe	Cartman	properNoun	nor
Ingvar	properNoun	swe	Ingvar	properNoun	nor
Louth	properNoun	swe	Louth	properNoun	nor
Våg	properNoun	swe	Våg	properNoun	nor
Lakanen	properNoun	swe	Lakanen	properNoun	nor
Gynt	properNoun	swe	Gynt	properNoun	nor
Dramstad	properNoun	swe	Dramstad	properNoun	nor
Hietaniemi	properNoun	swe	Hietaniemi	properNoun	nor
Børde	properNoun	swe	Børde	properNoun	nor
Tammivuori	properNoun	swe	Tammivuori	properNoun	nor
Nitter	properNoun	swe	Nitter	properNoun	nor
Nome	properNoun	swe	Nome	properNoun	nor
Nauska	properNoun	swe	Nauska	properNoun	nor
Kopsa	properNoun	swe	Kopsa	properNoun	nor
Komorene	properNoun	swe	Komorene	properNoun	nor
Jardar	properNoun	swe	Jardar	properNoun	nor
Knud	properNoun	swe	Knud	properNoun	nor
Askim	properNoun	swe	Askim	properNoun	nor
Pajukoski	properNoun	swe	Pajukoski	properNoun	nor
Kivioja	properNoun	swe	Kivioja	properNoun	nor
Høy	properNoun	swe	Høy	properNoun	nor
IKEA	properNoun	swe	IKEA	properNoun	nor
Jåma	properNoun	swe	Jåma	properNoun	nor
Bergem	properNoun	swe	Bergem	properNoun	nor
Joavnna	properNoun	swe	Joavnna	properNoun	nor
Ingeborg	properNoun	swe	Ingeborg	properNoun	nor
Liselotte	properNoun	swe	Liselotte	properNoun	nor
Bergen	properNoun	swe	Bergen	properNoun	nor
Galilea	properNoun	swe	Galilea	properNoun	nor
Ramnes	properNoun	swe	Ramnes	properNoun	nor
Hoek	properNoun	swe	Hoek	properNoun	nor
Vår	properNoun	swe	Vår	properNoun	nor
Haupt	properNoun	swe	Haupt	properNoun	nor
Aarø	properNoun	swe	Aarø	properNoun	nor
Hoel	properNoun	swe	Hoel	properNoun	nor
Simenson	properNoun	swe	Simenson	properNoun	nor
Årsnes	properNoun	swe	Årsnes	properNoun	nor
Hoem	properNoun	swe	Hoem	properNoun	nor
Hoen	properNoun	swe	Hoen	properNoun	nor
Øistein	properNoun	swe	Øistein	properNoun	nor
Berger	properNoun	swe	Berger	properNoun	nor
Landskrona	properNoun	swe	Landskrona	properNoun	nor
Berget	properNoun	swe	Berget	properNoun	nor
Tour	properNoun	swe	Tour	properNoun	nor
Sudmann	properNoun	swe	Sudmann	properNoun	nor
Korteniemi	properNoun	swe	Korteniemi	properNoun	nor
Issakainen	properNoun	swe	Issakainen	properNoun	nor
Straume	properNoun	swe	Straume	properNoun	nor
Kaivosoja	properNoun	swe	Kaivosoja	properNoun	nor
Gapon	properNoun	swe	Gapon	properNoun	nor
Olufssen	properNoun	swe	Olufssen	properNoun	nor
Fåset	properNoun	swe	Fåset	properNoun	nor
Stenerson	properNoun	swe	Stenerson	properNoun	nor
Madelein	properNoun	swe	Madelein	properNoun	nor
Vestmannaeyjar	properNoun	swe	Vestmannaeyjar	properNoun	nor
Maecenas	properNoun	swe	Maecenas	properNoun	nor
Hihnala	properNoun	swe	Hihnala	properNoun	nor
Heng	properNoun	swe	Heng	properNoun	nor
Knut	properNoun	swe	Knut	properNoun	nor
Margret	properNoun	swe	Margret	properNoun	nor
Michalkova	properNoun	swe	Michalkova	properNoun	nor
Mench	properNoun	swe	Mench	properNoun	nor
Platvoet	properNoun	swe	Platvoet	properNoun	nor
Kurula	properNoun	swe	Kurula	properNoun	nor
Bisgaard	properNoun	swe	Bisgaard	properNoun	nor
Ánnábearttošávži	properNoun	swe	Ánnábearttošávži	properNoun	nor
Veldre	properNoun	swe	Veldre	properNoun	nor
Haparanda	properNoun	swe	Haparanda	properNoun	nor
Nyqvist	properNoun	swe	Nyqvist	properNoun	nor
Newmeyer	properNoun	swe	Newmeyer	properNoun	nor
Haimila	properNoun	swe	Haimila	properNoun	nor
Györ	properNoun	swe	Györ	properNoun	nor
Calvin	properNoun	swe	Calvin	properNoun	nor
Kim	properNoun	swe	Kim	properNoun	nor
Scnitler	properNoun	swe	Scnitler	properNoun	nor
Puro	properNoun	swe	Puro	properNoun	nor
Nevo	properNoun	swe	Nevo	properNoun	nor
Hadeland	properNoun	swe	Hadeland	properNoun	nor
Neset	properNoun	swe	Neset	properNoun	nor
Roivainen	properNoun	swe	Roivainen	properNoun	nor
Norli	properNoun	swe	Norli	properNoun	nor
Kumpuniemi	properNoun	swe	Kumpuniemi	properNoun	nor
Gørbitz	properNoun	swe	Gørbitz	properNoun	nor
Fáfnir	properNoun	swe	Fáfnir	properNoun	nor
Lehtosaari	properNoun	swe	Lehtosaari	properNoun	nor
Sørlandsbanen	properNoun	swe	Sørlandsbanen	properNoun	nor
Karppi	properNoun	swe	Karppi	properNoun	nor
Ard	properNoun	swe	Ard	properNoun	nor
Steinkjer	properNoun	swe	Steinkjer	properNoun	nor
Mägiste	properNoun	swe	Mägiste	properNoun	nor
Aspen	properNoun	swe	Aspen	properNoun	nor
Are	properNoun	swe	Are	properNoun	nor
Thyness	properNoun	swe	Thyness	properNoun	nor
Mensonen	properNoun	swe	Mensonen	properNoun	nor
Feddersen	properNoun	swe	Feddersen	properNoun	nor
Máljá	properNoun	swe	Máljá	properNoun	nor
Røyneberg	properNoun	swe	Røyneberg	properNoun	nor
Refseth	properNoun	swe	Refseth	properNoun	nor
Lingen	properNoun	swe	Lingen	properNoun	nor
Holland	properNoun	swe	Holland	properNoun	nor
Süleyman	properNoun	swe	Süleyman	properNoun	nor
Välkkilä	properNoun	swe	Välkkilä	properNoun	nor
Ari	properNoun	swe	Ari	properNoun	nor
Lyytinen	properNoun	swe	Lyytinen	properNoun	nor
Kennth	properNoun	swe	Kennth	properNoun	nor
Nystad	properNoun	swe	Nystad	properNoun	nor
Kåsa	properNoun	swe	Kåsa	properNoun	nor
Ørmen	properNoun	swe	Ørmen	properNoun	nor
Niilá	properNoun	swe	Niilá	properNoun	nor
Massinen	properNoun	swe	Massinen	properNoun	nor
Brædstrup	properNoun	swe	Brædstrup	properNoun	nor
Einan	properNoun	swe	Einan	properNoun	nor
Esbjerg	properNoun	swe	Esbjerg	properNoun	nor
Ernø	properNoun	swe	Ernø	properNoun	nor
Aro	properNoun	swe	Aro	properNoun	nor
Pec	properNoun	swe	Pec	properNoun	nor
Hellnes	properNoun	swe	Hellnes	properNoun	nor
Hannevig	properNoun	swe	Hannevig	properNoun	nor
Eira	properNoun	swe	Eira	properNoun	nor
Laatunen	properNoun	swe	Laatunen	properNoun	nor
Einar	properNoun	swe	Einar	properNoun	nor
Bonnevie	properNoun	swe	Bonnevie	properNoun	nor
Kaja	properNoun	swe	Kaja	properNoun	nor
Rudsmoen	properNoun	swe	Rudsmoen	properNoun	nor
Jungerstam	properNoun	swe	Jungerstam	properNoun	nor
Tujula	properNoun	swe	Tujula	properNoun	nor
Eire	properNoun	swe	Eire	properNoun	nor
Håkansson	properNoun	swe	Håkansson	properNoun	nor
Kristoffer	properNoun	swe	Kristoffer	properNoun	nor
Vihinen	properNoun	swe	Vihinen	properNoun	nor
Mogenstrup	properNoun	swe	Mogenstrup	properNoun	nor
Kamunen	properNoun	swe	Kamunen	properNoun	nor
Vinstra	properNoun	swe	Vinstra	properNoun	nor
Dubrovnik	properNoun	swe	Dubrovnik	properNoun	nor
Halvorsrud	properNoun	swe	Halvorsrud	properNoun	nor
Høiby	properNoun	swe	Høiby	properNoun	nor
Jeuš	properNoun	swe	Jeuš	properNoun	nor
Kedar	properNoun	swe	Kedar	properNoun	nor
Miguel	properNoun	swe	Miguel	properNoun	nor
Tenkula	properNoun	swe	Tenkula	properNoun	nor
Puusaari	properNoun	swe	Puusaari	properNoun	nor
Rochelle	properNoun	swe	Rochelle	properNoun	nor
Puhakka	properNoun	swe	Puhakka	properNoun	nor
Moshnikoff	properNoun	swe	Moshnikoff	properNoun	nor
Borgebeaskačopma	properNoun	swe	Borgebeaskačopma	properNoun	nor
Nemirovič	properNoun	swe	Nemirovič	properNoun	nor
Hautajärvi	properNoun	swe	Hautajärvi	properNoun	nor
Toulouse	properNoun	swe	Toulouse	properNoun	nor
Arnestad	properNoun	swe	Arnestad	properNoun	nor
Per	properNoun	swe	Per	properNoun	nor
Bathurst	properNoun	swe	Bathurst	properNoun	nor
Vilja	properNoun	swe	Vilja	properNoun	nor
Vasiljeva	properNoun	swe	Vasiljeva	properNoun	nor
Manasse	properNoun	swe	Manasse	properNoun	nor
Jamalnjárga	properNoun	swe	Jamalnjárga	properNoun	nor
Ahtiainen	properNoun	swe	Ahtiainen	properNoun	nor
Spartacus	properNoun	swe	Spartacus	properNoun	nor
Pohjoisaho	properNoun	swe	Pohjoisaho	properNoun	nor
Sheila	properNoun	swe	Sheila	properNoun	nor
Celius	properNoun	swe	Celius	properNoun	nor
Anakreon	properNoun	swe	Anakreon	properNoun	nor
Lisa-Mari	properNoun	swe	Lisa-Mari	properNoun	nor
Øvereng	properNoun	swe	Øvereng	properNoun	nor
Bärnhielm	properNoun	swe	Bärnhielm	properNoun	nor
Lill-Hege	properNoun	swe	Lill-Hege	properNoun	nor
Lumme	properNoun	swe	Lumme	properNoun	nor
Fjeldgren	properNoun	swe	Fjeldgren	properNoun	nor
Google	properNoun	swe	Google	properNoun	nor
Vihavainen	properNoun	swe	Vihavainen	properNoun	nor
Vertanen	properNoun	swe	Vertanen	properNoun	nor
Pylvänäinen	properNoun	swe	Pylvänäinen	properNoun	nor
Gyor	properNoun	swe	Gyor	properNoun	nor
Børresson	properNoun	swe	Børresson	properNoun	nor
Frogn	properNoun	swe	Frogn	properNoun	nor
Kvalsund	properNoun	swe	Kvalsund	properNoun	nor
Tusberg	properNoun	swe	Tusberg	properNoun	nor
Johnsten	properNoun	swe	Johnsten	properNoun	nor
Helkala	properNoun	swe	Helkala	properNoun	nor
Uksáhkká	properNoun	swe	Uksáhkká	properNoun	nor
Vähäsarja	properNoun	swe	Vähäsarja	properNoun	nor
Reichelt	properNoun	swe	Reichelt	properNoun	nor
Novvale	properNoun	swe	Novvale	properNoun	nor
Tove	properNoun	swe	Tove	properNoun	nor
Ulfeldt	properNoun	swe	Ulfeldt	properNoun	nor
Narvesen	properNoun	swe	Narvesen	properNoun	nor
Mannsverk	properNoun	swe	Mannsverk	properNoun	nor
Hoff	properNoun	swe	Hoff	properNoun	nor
Viljo	properNoun	swe	Viljo	properNoun	nor
Heming	properNoun	swe	Heming	properNoun	nor
Erhard	properNoun	swe	Erhard	properNoun	nor
Chile	properNoun	swe	Chile	properNoun	nor
Tapaninen	properNoun	swe	Tapaninen	properNoun	nor
Ojamäki	properNoun	swe	Ojamäki	properNoun	nor
Tenvik	properNoun	swe	Tenvik	properNoun	nor
Vaduz	properNoun	swe	Vaduz	properNoun	nor
Hongkong	properNoun	swe	Hongkong	properNoun	nor
Skollenborg	properNoun	swe	Skollenborg	properNoun	nor
Reichborn	properNoun	swe	Reichborn	properNoun	nor
András	properNoun	swe	András	properNoun	nor
Dudein	properNoun	swe	Dudein	properNoun	nor
Enoš	properNoun	swe	Enoš	properNoun	nor
Vanylven	properNoun	swe	Vanylven	properNoun	nor
Aarsehtta	properNoun	swe	Aarsehtta	properNoun	nor
Hamar	properNoun	swe	Hamar	properNoun	nor
Columbus	properNoun	swe	Columbus	properNoun	nor
Richardson	properNoun	swe	Richardson	properNoun	nor
Tuononen	properNoun	swe	Tuononen	properNoun	nor
Sjøthun	properNoun	swe	Sjøthun	properNoun	nor
Ivalo	properNoun	swe	Ivalo	properNoun	nor
Tihinen	properNoun	swe	Tihinen	properNoun	nor
Andover	properNoun	swe	Andover	properNoun	nor
Alvhild	properNoun	swe	Alvhild	properNoun	nor
Kekkonen	properNoun	swe	Kekkonen	properNoun	nor
Folven	properNoun	swe	Folven	properNoun	nor
Mártá	properNoun	swe	Mártá	properNoun	nor
Bertine	properNoun	swe	Bertine	properNoun	nor
Toddsuel	properNoun	swe	Toddsuel	properNoun	nor
Enns	properNoun	swe	Enns	properNoun	nor
Carnfeldt	properNoun	swe	Carnfeldt	properNoun	nor
Norma	properNoun	swe	Norma	properNoun	nor
Heimstad	properNoun	swe	Heimstad	properNoun	nor
Triumf	properNoun	swe	Triumf	properNoun	nor
Ludvigsen	properNoun	swe	Ludvigsen	properNoun	nor
Salte	properNoun	swe	Salte	properNoun	nor
Riddervold	properNoun	swe	Riddervold	properNoun	nor
Birkerød	properNoun	swe	Birkerød	properNoun	nor
Ellemand-Jensen	properNoun	swe	Ellemand-Jensen	properNoun	nor
Alppi	properNoun	swe	Alppi	properNoun	nor
Robertssen	properNoun	swe	Robertssen	properNoun	nor
Ziener	properNoun	swe	Ziener	properNoun	nor
Riiser	properNoun	swe	Riiser	properNoun	nor
Nakkerud	properNoun	swe	Nakkerud	properNoun	nor
Quam	properNoun	swe	Quam	properNoun	nor
Asa	properNoun	swe	Asa	properNoun	nor
Atle	properNoun	swe	Atle	properNoun	nor
Abelsson	properNoun	swe	Abelsson	properNoun	nor
Sønsterud	properNoun	swe	Sønsterud	properNoun	nor
Brørs	properNoun	swe	Brørs	properNoun	nor
Máhteoaivvit	properNoun	swe	Máhteoaivvit	properNoun	nor
Johanssen	properNoun	swe	Johanssen	properNoun	nor
Gaula	properNoun	swe	Gaula	properNoun	nor
Haapala	properNoun	swe	Haapala	properNoun	nor
Dokken	properNoun	swe	Dokken	properNoun	nor
Klakegg	properNoun	swe	Klakegg	properNoun	nor
Figenschau	properNoun	swe	Figenschau	properNoun	nor
Kevin	properNoun	swe	Kevin	properNoun	nor
Uitto	properNoun	swe	Uitto	properNoun	nor
Tuhkunen	properNoun	swe	Tuhkunen	properNoun	nor
Pylväläinen	properNoun	swe	Pylväläinen	properNoun	nor
Berkåk	properNoun	swe	Berkåk	properNoun	nor
Kaipainen	properNoun	swe	Kaipainen	properNoun	nor
Greve	properNoun	swe	Greve	properNoun	nor
Máhtte	properNoun	swe	Máhtte	properNoun	nor
Sekse	properNoun	swe	Sekse	properNoun	nor
Raatikainen	properNoun	swe	Raatikainen	properNoun	nor
Hartford	properNoun	swe	Hartford	properNoun	nor
Torstenssen	properNoun	swe	Torstenssen	properNoun	nor
Weider	properNoun	swe	Weider	properNoun	nor
Hilmen	properNoun	swe	Hilmen	properNoun	nor
Fermin	properNoun	swe	Fermin	properNoun	nor
Røssåga	properNoun	swe	Røssåga	properNoun	nor
Kalpio	properNoun	swe	Kalpio	properNoun	nor
Albright	properNoun	swe	Albright	properNoun	nor
Latikka	properNoun	swe	Latikka	properNoun	nor
Ask	properNoun	swe	Ask	properNoun	nor
Sahara	properNoun	swe	Sahara	properNoun	nor
Berge	properNoun	swe	Berge	properNoun	nor
Jahre	properNoun	swe	Jahre	properNoun	nor
Visala	properNoun	swe	Visala	properNoun	nor
Takala	properNoun	swe	Takala	properNoun	nor
Nefelin	properNoun	swe	Nefelin	properNoun	nor
Finnmárkkovuotna	properNoun	swe	Finnmárkkovuotna	properNoun	nor
Valsøfjord	properNoun	swe	Valsøfjord	properNoun	nor
Giæver	properNoun	swe	Giæver	properNoun	nor
Boyang	properNoun	swe	Boyang	properNoun	nor
Tietäväinen	properNoun	swe	Tietäväinen	properNoun	nor
Bjurstrøm	properNoun	swe	Bjurstrøm	properNoun	nor
Bergh	properNoun	swe	Bergh	properNoun	nor
Sporring	properNoun	swe	Sporring	properNoun	nor
Sollaug	properNoun	swe	Sollaug	properNoun	nor
Kuhmunen	properNoun	swe	Kuhmunen	properNoun	nor
Hellstrøm	properNoun	swe	Hellstrøm	properNoun	nor
Asp	properNoun	swe	Asp	properNoun	nor
Rafael	properNoun	swe	Rafael	properNoun	nor
Máhtto	properNoun	swe	Máhtto	properNoun	nor
Glenn	properNoun	swe	Glenn	properNoun	nor
Dovrefjell	properNoun	swe	Dovrefjell	properNoun	nor
Rugtvedt	properNoun	swe	Rugtvedt	properNoun	nor
Ladegaard	properNoun	swe	Ladegaard	properNoun	nor
Hammeren	properNoun	swe	Hammeren	properNoun	nor
Evenssen	properNoun	swe	Evenssen	properNoun	nor
Granum	properNoun	swe	Granum	properNoun	nor
Sahari	properNoun	swe	Sahari	properNoun	nor
Tor-Erik	properNoun	swe	Tor-Erik	properNoun	nor
Waage	properNoun	swe	Waage	properNoun	nor
Juottonen	properNoun	swe	Juottonen	properNoun	nor
Aitta	properNoun	swe	Aitta	properNoun	nor
Nordsjøavtalen	properNoun	swe	Nordsjøavtalen	properNoun	nor
Chastine	properNoun	swe	Chastine	properNoun	nor
Gydesen	properNoun	swe	Gydesen	properNoun	nor
Agnor	properNoun	swe	Agnor	properNoun	nor
Sunndalsøra	properNoun	swe	Sunndalsøra	properNoun	nor
Ylikarjula	properNoun	swe	Ylikarjula	properNoun	nor
Paloviita	properNoun	swe	Paloviita	properNoun	nor
Matikka	properNoun	swe	Matikka	properNoun	nor
Stephen	properNoun	swe	Stephen	properNoun	nor
Jofrid	properNoun	swe	Jofrid	properNoun	nor
Takalo	properNoun	swe	Takalo	properNoun	nor
Ruokoniemi	properNoun	swe	Ruokoniemi	properNoun	nor
Jaén	properNoun	swe	Jaén	properNoun	nor
Abel	properNoun	swe	Abel	properNoun	nor
Riber-Mohn	properNoun	swe	Riber-Mohn	properNoun	nor
Røsok	properNoun	swe	Røsok	properNoun	nor
Garten	properNoun	swe	Garten	properNoun	nor
Ylärakkola	properNoun	swe	Ylärakkola	properNoun	nor
Langballe	properNoun	swe	Langballe	properNoun	nor
Pampas	properNoun	swe	Pampas	properNoun	nor
Bahamasøyene	properNoun	swe	Bahamasøyene	properNoun	nor
Auklend	properNoun	swe	Auklend	properNoun	nor
Káisá	properNoun	swe	Káisá	properNoun	nor
Dyrøy	properNoun	swe	Dyrøy	properNoun	nor
Puuronen	properNoun	swe	Puuronen	properNoun	nor
Matkaselkä	properNoun	swe	Matkaselkä	properNoun	nor
Belsvik	properNoun	swe	Belsvik	properNoun	nor
Kyushu	properNoun	swe	Kyushu	properNoun	nor
Iris	properNoun	swe	Iris	properNoun	nor
Hegel	properNoun	swe	Hegel	properNoun	nor
Thorbjørnsen	properNoun	swe	Thorbjørnsen	properNoun	nor
Huhdanmäki	properNoun	swe	Huhdanmäki	properNoun	nor
Hegem	properNoun	swe	Hegem	properNoun	nor
Tolga	properNoun	swe	Tolga	properNoun	nor
Beerenberg	properNoun	swe	Beerenberg	properNoun	nor
Karon	properNoun	swe	Karon	properNoun	nor
Hjørring	properNoun	swe	Hjørring	properNoun	nor
Leinná	properNoun	swe	Leinná	properNoun	nor
Nyyssönen	properNoun	swe	Nyyssönen	properNoun	nor
Tonning	properNoun	swe	Tonning	properNoun	nor
Gibraltar	properNoun	swe	Gibraltar	properNoun	nor
Hautakoski	properNoun	swe	Hautakoski	properNoun	nor
Hamunen	properNoun	swe	Hamunen	properNoun	nor
Belokurova	properNoun	swe	Belokurova	properNoun	nor
Niukkanen	properNoun	swe	Niukkanen	properNoun	nor
Vilddo-Máhtte	properNoun	swe	Vilddo-Máhtte	properNoun	nor
Fiat	properNoun	swe	Fiat	properNoun	nor
Tiuraniemi	properNoun	swe	Tiuraniemi	properNoun	nor
Reuel	properNoun	swe	Reuel	properNoun	nor
Liaoyang	properNoun	swe	Liaoyang	properNoun	nor
Fon	properNoun	swe	Fon	properNoun	nor
Wergeland	properNoun	swe	Wergeland	properNoun	nor
Tellefssen	properNoun	swe	Tellefssen	properNoun	nor
Wigaard	properNoun	swe	Wigaard	properNoun	nor
Myrstad	properNoun	swe	Myrstad	properNoun	nor
Mellanen	properNoun	swe	Mellanen	properNoun	nor
Hendriksen	properNoun	swe	Hendriksen	properNoun	nor
Charisius	properNoun	swe	Charisius	properNoun	nor
Brår	properNoun	swe	Brår	properNoun	nor
Albani	properNoun	swe	Albani	properNoun	nor
Evjemoen	properNoun	swe	Evjemoen	properNoun	nor
Boveri	properNoun	swe	Boveri	properNoun	nor
Mansikkaviita	properNoun	swe	Mansikkaviita	properNoun	nor
Server	properNoun	swe	Server	properNoun	nor
Paloranta	properNoun	swe	Paloranta	properNoun	nor
Lingjærde	properNoun	swe	Lingjærde	properNoun	nor
Fox	properNoun	swe	Fox	properNoun	nor
Laukkanen	properNoun	swe	Laukkanen	properNoun	nor
Ghats	properNoun	swe	Ghats	properNoun	nor
Town	properNoun	swe	Town	properNoun	nor
Hauru	properNoun	swe	Hauru	properNoun	nor
Engaard	properNoun	swe	Engaard	properNoun	nor
Elasar	properNoun	swe	Elasar	properNoun	nor
Leksvik	properNoun	swe	Leksvik	properNoun	nor
Øivind	properNoun	swe	Øivind	properNoun	nor
Enok	properNoun	swe	Enok	properNoun	nor
Pandora	properNoun	swe	Pandora	properNoun	nor
Gunnlaug	properNoun	swe	Gunnlaug	properNoun	nor
Mänty	properNoun	swe	Mänty	properNoun	nor
Lidington	properNoun	swe	Lidington	properNoun	nor
Juuso	properNoun	swe	Juuso	properNoun	nor
Kjellsen	properNoun	swe	Kjellsen	properNoun	nor
Kviteseid	properNoun	swe	Kviteseid	properNoun	nor
Morpheus	properNoun	swe	Morpheus	properNoun	nor
Jouko	properNoun	swe	Jouko	properNoun	nor
Erikstellet	properNoun	swe	Erikstellet	properNoun	nor
Dagbladet	properNoun	swe	Dagbladet	properNoun	nor
Hanaborg	properNoun	swe	Hanaborg	properNoun	nor
Ekola	properNoun	swe	Ekola	properNoun	nor
Søndre	properNoun	swe	Søndre	properNoun	nor
Schult	properNoun	swe	Schult	properNoun	nor
Rantasalo	properNoun	swe	Rantasalo	properNoun	nor
Albany	properNoun	swe	Albany	properNoun	nor
Skogholdt	properNoun	swe	Skogholdt	properNoun	nor
Rodtwitt	properNoun	swe	Rodtwitt	properNoun	nor
Nevala	properNoun	swe	Nevala	properNoun	nor
Verho	properNoun	swe	Verho	properNoun	nor
Kjelling	properNoun	swe	Kjelling	properNoun	nor
Saastamoinen	properNoun	swe	Saastamoinen	properNoun	nor
Andalucia	properNoun	swe	Andalucia	properNoun	nor
Grong	properNoun	swe	Grong	properNoun	nor
Teinilä	properNoun	swe	Teinilä	properNoun	nor
Haimilahti	properNoun	swe	Haimilahti	properNoun	nor
Nesøya	properNoun	swe	Nesøya	properNoun	nor
Fosli	properNoun	swe	Fosli	properNoun	nor
Schulz	properNoun	swe	Schulz	properNoun	nor
Hyyryläinen	properNoun	swe	Hyyryläinen	properNoun	nor
Bávva	properNoun	swe	Bávva	properNoun	nor
Emilie	properNoun	swe	Emilie	properNoun	nor
Philadelphia	properNoun	swe	Philadelphia	properNoun	nor
Pylkkönen	properNoun	swe	Pylkkönen	properNoun	nor
Kobelev	properNoun	swe	Kobelev	properNoun	nor
Alajoki	properNoun	swe	Alajoki	properNoun	nor
Sigmund	properNoun	swe	Sigmund	properNoun	nor
Wibeche	properNoun	swe	Wibeche	properNoun	nor
Sotra	properNoun	swe	Sotra	properNoun	nor
Gleb	properNoun	swe	Gleb	properNoun	nor
Sveum	properNoun	swe	Sveum	properNoun	nor
Ata	properNoun	swe	Ata	properNoun	nor
Tiirola	properNoun	swe	Tiirola	properNoun	nor
Heiskala	properNoun	swe	Heiskala	properNoun	nor
Viinamäki	properNoun	swe	Viinamäki	properNoun	nor
Holmsen	properNoun	swe	Holmsen	properNoun	nor
Torgunn	properNoun	swe	Torgunn	properNoun	nor
Rwanda	properNoun	swe	Rwanda	properNoun	nor
Jenssen	properNoun	swe	Jenssen	properNoun	nor
Morrell	properNoun	swe	Morrell	properNoun	nor
Odessa	properNoun	swe	Odessa	properNoun	nor
Jalgon	properNoun	swe	Jalgon	properNoun	nor
Basil	properNoun	swe	Basil	properNoun	nor
Utah	properNoun	swe	Utah	properNoun	nor
Enokssen	properNoun	swe	Enokssen	properNoun	nor
Sjøseth	properNoun	swe	Sjøseth	properNoun	nor
Jensine	properNoun	swe	Jensine	properNoun	nor
Veijalainen	properNoun	swe	Veijalainen	properNoun	nor
Løkensgard	properNoun	swe	Løkensgard	properNoun	nor
Holming	properNoun	swe	Holming	properNoun	nor
Glen	properNoun	swe	Glen	properNoun	nor
Øydegard	properNoun	swe	Øydegard	properNoun	nor
Mastomäki	properNoun	swe	Mastomäki	properNoun	nor
Haunstrup	properNoun	swe	Haunstrup	properNoun	nor
Elisabet	properNoun	swe	Elisabet	properNoun	nor
Pölkki	properNoun	swe	Pölkki	properNoun	nor
Baird	properNoun	swe	Baird	properNoun	nor
Widar	properNoun	swe	Widar	properNoun	nor
Vanne	properNoun	swe	Vanne	properNoun	nor
Golanhøydene	properNoun	swe	Golanhøydene	properNoun	nor
Irja	properNoun	swe	Irja	properNoun	nor
Ušakova	properNoun	swe	Ušakova	properNoun	nor
Sonning	properNoun	swe	Sonning	properNoun	nor
Esko	properNoun	swe	Esko	properNoun	nor
Odalen	properNoun	swe	Odalen	properNoun	nor
Erlend	properNoun	swe	Erlend	properNoun	nor
Husfloen	properNoun	swe	Husfloen	properNoun	nor
Kivijärvi	properNoun	swe	Kivijärvi	properNoun	nor
Lawra	properNoun	swe	Lawra	properNoun	nor
Saint-Etienne	properNoun	swe	Saint-Etienne	properNoun	nor
Indiahavet	properNoun	swe	Indiahavet	properNoun	nor
Joppe	properNoun	swe	Joppe	properNoun	nor
Gustavson	properNoun	swe	Gustavson	properNoun	nor
Arbeiderbladet	properNoun	swe	Arbeiderbladet	properNoun	nor
Marinus	properNoun	swe	Marinus	properNoun	nor
Dave	properNoun	swe	Dave	properNoun	nor
Emmoš	properNoun	swe	Emmoš	properNoun	nor
Kasurinen	properNoun	swe	Kasurinen	properNoun	nor
Victoriasuolu	properNoun	swe	Victoriasuolu	properNoun	nor
Stangeland	properNoun	swe	Stangeland	properNoun	nor
Pekkala	properNoun	swe	Pekkala	properNoun	nor
Launonen	properNoun	swe	Launonen	properNoun	nor
Säter	properNoun	swe	Säter	properNoun	nor
Lygre	properNoun	swe	Lygre	properNoun	nor
Hupli	properNoun	swe	Hupli	properNoun	nor
Balandin	properNoun	swe	Balandin	properNoun	nor
Zinovjev	properNoun	swe	Zinovjev	properNoun	nor
Tauriainen	properNoun	swe	Tauriainen	properNoun	nor
Kutila	properNoun	swe	Kutila	properNoun	nor
Kali	properNoun	swe	Kali	properNoun	nor
Halsaa	properNoun	swe	Halsaa	properNoun	nor
Finnmárkkulága	properNoun	swe	Finnmárkkulága	properNoun	nor
Kannako	properNoun	swe	Kannako	properNoun	nor
Mesopotamia	properNoun	swe	Mesopotamia	properNoun	nor
Frøyland	properNoun	swe	Frøyland	properNoun	nor
Rise	properNoun	swe	Rise	properNoun	nor
Mäntyharju	properNoun	swe	Mäntyharju	properNoun	nor
Hjulstad	properNoun	swe	Hjulstad	properNoun	nor
Hakanen	properNoun	swe	Hakanen	properNoun	nor
Håvik	properNoun	swe	Håvik	properNoun	nor
Slask	properNoun	swe	Slask	properNoun	nor
Giske	properNoun	swe	Giske	properNoun	nor
Hofstein	properNoun	swe	Hofstein	properNoun	nor
Volta	properNoun	swe	Volta	properNoun	nor
Haslum	properNoun	swe	Haslum	properNoun	nor
Suezkanalen	properNoun	swe	Suezkanalen	properNoun	nor
Hagberg	properNoun	swe	Hagberg	properNoun	nor
Eskeland	properNoun	swe	Eskeland	properNoun	nor
Aulum	properNoun	swe	Aulum	properNoun	nor
Fetsund	properNoun	swe	Fetsund	properNoun	nor
Silseth	properNoun	swe	Silseth	properNoun	nor
Oldorf	properNoun	swe	Oldorf	properNoun	nor
Sokndal	properNoun	swe	Sokndal	properNoun	nor
Teman	properNoun	swe	Teman	properNoun	nor
Steffenson	properNoun	swe	Steffenson	properNoun	nor
Korsfjorden	properNoun	swe	Korsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Risberg	properNoun	swe	Risberg	properNoun	nor
Ville	properNoun	swe	Ville	properNoun	nor
Tervahauta	properNoun	swe	Tervahauta	properNoun	nor
Mosterøy	properNoun	swe	Mosterøy	properNoun	nor
Levkippos	properNoun	swe	Levkippos	properNoun	nor
Ralph	properNoun	swe	Ralph	properNoun	nor
Weyer-Larsen	properNoun	swe	Weyer-Larsen	properNoun	nor
Seppi	properNoun	swe	Seppi	properNoun	nor
Hilstad	properNoun	swe	Hilstad	properNoun	nor
Dideriksen	properNoun	swe	Dideriksen	properNoun	nor
Kalv	properNoun	swe	Kalv	properNoun	nor
Andor	properNoun	swe	Andor	properNoun	nor
Siam	properNoun	swe	Siam	properNoun	nor
Ruohoniemi	properNoun	swe	Ruohoniemi	properNoun	nor
Jovssebajávri	properNoun	swe	Jovssebajávri	properNoun	nor
Hakala	properNoun	swe	Hakala	properNoun	nor
Banne	properNoun	swe	Banne	properNoun	nor
Eurovision	properNoun	swe	Eurovision	properNoun	nor
Siao	properNoun	swe	Siao	properNoun	nor
Phil	properNoun	swe	Phil	properNoun	nor
Iŋggáriegádanjávri	properNoun	swe	Iŋggáriegádanjávri	properNoun	nor
Pontius	properNoun	swe	Pontius	properNoun	nor
China	properNoun	swe	China	properNoun	nor
Rist	properNoun	swe	Rist	properNoun	nor
Haapaniemi	properNoun	swe	Haapaniemi	properNoun	nor
Roy-Tore	properNoun	swe	Roy-Tore	properNoun	nor
Børge	properNoun	swe	Børge	properNoun	nor
Øygardseter	properNoun	swe	Øygardseter	properNoun	nor
Kalleberg	properNoun	swe	Kalleberg	properNoun	nor
Ohenoja	properNoun	swe	Ohenoja	properNoun	nor
Kongshus	properNoun	swe	Kongshus	properNoun	nor
Seppo	properNoun	swe	Seppo	properNoun	nor
Enare	properNoun	swe	Enare	properNoun	nor
Päärni	properNoun	swe	Päärni	properNoun	nor
Sigvartsen	properNoun	swe	Sigvartsen	properNoun	nor
Ching	properNoun	swe	Ching	properNoun	nor
Sommerstad	properNoun	swe	Sommerstad	properNoun	nor
Juuti	properNoun	swe	Juuti	properNoun	nor
Pessi	properNoun	swe	Pessi	properNoun	nor
Hagtvet	properNoun	swe	Hagtvet	properNoun	nor
Krekling	properNoun	swe	Krekling	properNoun	nor
Rajanen	properNoun	swe	Rajanen	properNoun	nor
Lemberg	properNoun	swe	Lemberg	properNoun	nor
Habakkuk	properNoun	swe	Habakkuk	properNoun	nor
Ánnábearttošjeaggi	properNoun	swe	Ánnábearttošjeaggi	properNoun	nor
Oddlaug	properNoun	swe	Oddlaug	properNoun	nor
Konstance	properNoun	swe	Konstance	properNoun	nor
Putin	properNoun	swe	Putin	properNoun	nor
Moestue	properNoun	swe	Moestue	properNoun	nor
Boalth	properNoun	swe	Boalth	properNoun	nor
Metušela	properNoun	swe	Metušela	properNoun	nor
Katila	properNoun	swe	Katila	properNoun	nor
Robertsen	properNoun	swe	Robertsen	properNoun	nor
Potifar	properNoun	swe	Potifar	properNoun	nor
Villy	properNoun	swe	Villy	properNoun	nor
Signhild	properNoun	swe	Signhild	properNoun	nor
Ingfrid	properNoun	swe	Ingfrid	properNoun	nor
Suokas	properNoun	swe	Suokas	properNoun	nor
Paakkunainen	properNoun	swe	Paakkunainen	properNoun	nor
Kuivila	properNoun	swe	Kuivila	properNoun	nor
Afzal	properNoun	swe	Afzal	properNoun	nor
Skåden	properNoun	swe	Skåden	properNoun	nor
Freberg	properNoun	swe	Freberg	properNoun	nor
Talvinen	properNoun	swe	Talvinen	properNoun	nor
Mølmann	properNoun	swe	Mølmann	properNoun	nor
Lesbos	properNoun	swe	Lesbos	properNoun	nor
Rikstad	properNoun	swe	Rikstad	properNoun	nor
Merckx	properNoun	swe	Merckx	properNoun	nor
Bertta	properNoun	swe	Bertta	properNoun	nor
Nikkinen	properNoun	swe	Nikkinen	properNoun	nor
Aurala	properNoun	swe	Aurala	properNoun	nor
Yliaho	properNoun	swe	Yliaho	properNoun	nor
Jauhiainen	properNoun	swe	Jauhiainen	properNoun	nor
Juliane	properNoun	swe	Juliane	properNoun	nor
Daugstad	properNoun	swe	Daugstad	properNoun	nor
Kemppi	properNoun	swe	Kemppi	properNoun	nor
Salve	properNoun	swe	Salve	properNoun	nor
Akershus	properNoun	swe	Akershus	properNoun	nor
Korkalainen	properNoun	swe	Korkalainen	properNoun	nor
Aasnes	properNoun	swe	Aasnes	properNoun	nor
Transilvania	properNoun	swe	Transilvania	properNoun	nor
Atna	properNoun	swe	Atna	properNoun	nor
Sikala	properNoun	swe	Sikala	properNoun	nor
Vågen	properNoun	swe	Vågen	properNoun	nor
Utunen	properNoun	swe	Utunen	properNoun	nor
Landslova	properNoun	swe	Landslova	properNoun	nor
Rhinen	properNoun	swe	Rhinen	properNoun	nor
Sitka	properNoun	swe	Sitka	properNoun	nor
Hylkje	properNoun	swe	Hylkje	properNoun	nor
Stångberg	properNoun	swe	Stångberg	properNoun	nor
Marthon	properNoun	swe	Marthon	properNoun	nor
Unhammer	properNoun	swe	Unhammer	properNoun	nor
Norol	properNoun	swe	Norol	properNoun	nor
Wiebke	properNoun	swe	Wiebke	properNoun	nor
Aud	properNoun	swe	Aud	properNoun	nor
Kaivola	properNoun	swe	Kaivola	properNoun	nor
Camilla	properNoun	swe	Camilla	properNoun	nor
Groos	properNoun	swe	Groos	properNoun	nor
Alakoski	properNoun	swe	Alakoski	properNoun	nor
Idomenevs	properNoun	swe	Idomenevs	properNoun	nor
Ålen	properNoun	swe	Ålen	properNoun	nor
Vullejávri	properNoun	swe	Vullejávri	properNoun	nor
Veaidnu	properNoun	swe	Veaidnu	properNoun	nor
Jovdna	properNoun	swe	Jovdna	properNoun	nor
Luhta	properNoun	swe	Luhta	properNoun	nor
Gräsmyr	properNoun	swe	Gräsmyr	properNoun	nor
Bárttán	properNoun	swe	Bárttán	properNoun	nor
Gilette	properNoun	swe	Gilette	properNoun	nor
Bendtsen	properNoun	swe	Bendtsen	properNoun	nor
SpinneJenny	properNoun	swe	SpinneJenny	properNoun	nor
Kouri	properNoun	swe	Kouri	properNoun	nor
Bjørke	properNoun	swe	Bjørke	properNoun	nor
Teppola	properNoun	swe	Teppola	properNoun	nor
Støylen	properNoun	swe	Støylen	properNoun	nor
Survonen	properNoun	swe	Survonen	properNoun	nor
Aun	properNoun	swe	Aun	properNoun	nor
Blomsterdalen	properNoun	swe	Blomsterdalen	properNoun	nor
Norrena	properNoun	swe	Norrena	properNoun	nor
Leier	properNoun	swe	Leier	properNoun	nor
Borgajohka	properNoun	swe	Borgajohka	properNoun	nor
Kaspar	properNoun	swe	Kaspar	properNoun	nor
Florentino	properNoun	swe	Florentino	properNoun	nor
Aschim	properNoun	swe	Aschim	properNoun	nor
Cesilie	properNoun	swe	Cesilie	properNoun	nor
Frøydis	properNoun	swe	Frøydis	properNoun	nor
Uusitupa	properNoun	swe	Uusitupa	properNoun	nor
Ibbá	properNoun	swe	Ibbá	properNoun	nor
Ræder	properNoun	swe	Ræder	properNoun	nor
Käppi	properNoun	swe	Käppi	properNoun	nor
Velbert	properNoun	swe	Velbert	properNoun	nor
Leukippos	properNoun	swe	Leukippos	properNoun	nor
Brug	properNoun	swe	Brug	properNoun	nor
Jelling	properNoun	swe	Jelling	properNoun	nor
Allern	properNoun	swe	Allern	properNoun	nor
Mihesuah	properNoun	swe	Mihesuah	properNoun	nor
Boŋgu	properNoun	swe	Boŋgu	properNoun	nor
Kalmari	properNoun	swe	Kalmari	properNoun	nor
Tande	properNoun	swe	Tande	properNoun	nor
Finnestrand	properNoun	swe	Finnestrand	properNoun	nor
Bruk	properNoun	swe	Bruk	properNoun	nor
Sinope	properNoun	swe	Sinope	properNoun	nor
Albertson	properNoun	swe	Albertson	properNoun	nor
Lemmich	properNoun	swe	Lemmich	properNoun	nor
Brun	properNoun	swe	Brun	properNoun	nor
Judith	properNoun	swe	Judith	properNoun	nor
Rita	properNoun	swe	Rita	properNoun	nor
Hegge	properNoun	swe	Hegge	properNoun	nor
Tønnesen	properNoun	swe	Tønnesen	properNoun	nor
Ranta-Rönnlund	properNoun	swe	Ranta-Rönnlund	properNoun	nor
Numminen	properNoun	swe	Numminen	properNoun	nor
Northeim	properNoun	swe	Northeim	properNoun	nor
Nikolajsen	properNoun	swe	Nikolajsen	properNoun	nor
Berit	properNoun	swe	Berit	properNoun	nor
Vestfold	properNoun	swe	Vestfold	properNoun	nor
Bømlo	properNoun	swe	Bømlo	properNoun	nor
Sabathil	properNoun	swe	Sabathil	properNoun	nor
Gyrd	properNoun	swe	Gyrd	properNoun	nor
Rumpunen	properNoun	swe	Rumpunen	properNoun	nor
Mürer	properNoun	swe	Mürer	properNoun	nor
Mesch	properNoun	swe	Mesch	properNoun	nor
Lemmick	properNoun	swe	Lemmick	properNoun	nor
Sigfred	properNoun	swe	Sigfred	properNoun	nor
Littunen	properNoun	swe	Littunen	properNoun	nor
Aittamäki	properNoun	swe	Aittamäki	properNoun	nor
Hopen	properNoun	swe	Hopen	properNoun	nor
Harmaala	properNoun	swe	Harmaala	properNoun	nor
Haldor	properNoun	swe	Haldor	properNoun	nor
Gisle	properNoun	swe	Gisle	properNoun	nor
Johan	properNoun	swe	Johan	properNoun	nor
Ojansivu	properNoun	swe	Ojansivu	properNoun	nor
L'Île	properNoun	swe	L'Île	properNoun	nor
Hanhinen	properNoun	swe	Hanhinen	properNoun	nor
Hauta	properNoun	swe	Hauta	properNoun	nor
Montada	properNoun	swe	Montada	properNoun	nor
Gisli	properNoun	swe	Gisli	properNoun	nor
Gedser	properNoun	swe	Gedser	properNoun	nor
Birgget	properNoun	swe	Birgget	properNoun	nor
Murkes	properNoun	swe	Murkes	properNoun	nor
Lill	properNoun	swe	Lill	properNoun	nor
Sidanko	properNoun	swe	Sidanko	properNoun	nor
Sennabukt	properNoun	swe	Sennabukt	properNoun	nor
Mehlum	properNoun	swe	Mehlum	properNoun	nor
Grasse	properNoun	swe	Grasse	properNoun	nor
Jeremia	properNoun	swe	Jeremia	properNoun	nor
Christenssen	properNoun	swe	Christenssen	properNoun	nor
Anne-Grethe	properNoun	swe	Anne-Grethe	properNoun	nor
Jakobovitsj	properNoun	swe	Jakobovitsj	properNoun	nor
Vilmi	properNoun	swe	Vilmi	properNoun	nor
Nickul	properNoun	swe	Nickul	properNoun	nor
Jokilehto	properNoun	swe	Jokilehto	properNoun	nor
Hauth	properNoun	swe	Hauth	properNoun	nor
Sebastian	properNoun	swe	Sebastian	properNoun	nor
Aubert	properNoun	swe	Aubert	properNoun	nor
Olausen	properNoun	swe	Olausen	properNoun	nor
Kyyrönen	properNoun	swe	Kyyrönen	properNoun	nor
Ritt	properNoun	swe	Ritt	properNoun	nor
Lehvonen	properNoun	swe	Lehvonen	properNoun	nor
Kokkinen	properNoun	swe	Kokkinen	properNoun	nor
Naakka	properNoun	swe	Naakka	properNoun	nor
Ilvonen	properNoun	swe	Ilvonen	properNoun	nor
Outakoski	properNoun	swe	Outakoski	properNoun	nor
L'Italia	properNoun	swe	L'Italia	properNoun	nor
Kakkonen	properNoun	swe	Kakkonen	properNoun	nor
Hermann	properNoun	swe	Hermann	properNoun	nor
Aasen	properNoun	swe	Aasen	properNoun	nor
Salovaara	properNoun	swe	Salovaara	properNoun	nor
Bartholdsen	properNoun	swe	Bartholdsen	properNoun	nor
Cayenne	properNoun	swe	Cayenne	properNoun	nor
Montreux	properNoun	swe	Montreux	properNoun	nor
Saksanen	properNoun	swe	Saksanen	properNoun	nor
Lily	properNoun	swe	Lily	properNoun	nor
Ragnar	properNoun	swe	Ragnar	properNoun	nor
Karjalainen	properNoun	swe	Karjalainen	properNoun	nor
Aaser	properNoun	swe	Aaser	properNoun	nor
Yonne	properNoun	swe	Yonne	properNoun	nor
Nätynki	properNoun	swe	Nätynki	properNoun	nor
Bartram	properNoun	swe	Bartram	properNoun	nor
Nathalie	properNoun	swe	Nathalie	properNoun	nor
Piikki	properNoun	swe	Piikki	properNoun	nor
Kirvesoja	properNoun	swe	Kirvesoja	properNoun	nor
Junkersen	properNoun	swe	Junkersen	properNoun	nor
Delphin	properNoun	swe	Delphin	properNoun	nor
Palmar	properNoun	swe	Palmar	properNoun	nor
Linstow	properNoun	swe	Linstow	properNoun	nor
Bluth	properNoun	swe	Bluth	properNoun	nor
Konola	properNoun	swe	Konola	properNoun	nor
Hera	properNoun	swe	Hera	properNoun	nor
Aaberg	properNoun	swe	Aaberg	properNoun	nor
Tblisi	properNoun	swe	Tblisi	properNoun	nor
Pivkin	properNoun	swe	Pivkin	properNoun	nor
Boas	properNoun	swe	Boas	properNoun	nor
Chios	properNoun	swe	Chios	properNoun	nor
June	properNoun	swe	June	properNoun	nor
Catharina	properNoun	swe	Catharina	properNoun	nor
Torleif	properNoun	swe	Torleif	properNoun	nor
Solrunn	properNoun	swe	Solrunn	properNoun	nor
Vest-India	properNoun	swe	Vest-India	properNoun	nor
Seppola	properNoun	swe	Seppola	properNoun	nor
Riihelä	properNoun	swe	Riihelä	properNoun	nor
Hoffmeyer	properNoun	swe	Hoffmeyer	properNoun	nor
Opstad	properNoun	swe	Opstad	properNoun	nor
Rødekleiv	properNoun	swe	Rødekleiv	properNoun	nor
Red-Horse	properNoun	swe	Red-Horse	properNoun	nor
Maijen	properNoun	swe	Maijen	properNoun	nor
Juni	properNoun	swe	Juni	properNoun	nor
Skjerve	properNoun	swe	Skjerve	properNoun	nor
Marker	properNoun	swe	Marker	properNoun	nor
Vavuli	properNoun	swe	Vavuli	properNoun	nor
Gednje	properNoun	swe	Gednje	properNoun	nor
Aguilar	properNoun	swe	Aguilar	properNoun	nor
Gabrielson	properNoun	swe	Gabrielson	properNoun	nor
Satomaa	properNoun	swe	Satomaa	properNoun	nor
Ottelin	properNoun	swe	Ottelin	properNoun	nor
Mustajärvi	properNoun	swe	Mustajärvi	properNoun	nor
Jarle	properNoun	swe	Jarle	properNoun	nor
Rosenborg	properNoun	swe	Rosenborg	properNoun	nor
Bakindia	properNoun	swe	Bakindia	properNoun	nor
Randal	properNoun	swe	Randal	properNoun	nor
Paukkonen	properNoun	swe	Paukkonen	properNoun	nor
Maranh	properNoun	swe	Maranh	properNoun	nor
Edward	properNoun	swe	Edward	properNoun	nor
Mikola	properNoun	swe	Mikola	properNoun	nor
Forovitsj	properNoun	swe	Forovitsj	properNoun	nor
Hero	properNoun	swe	Hero	properNoun	nor
Juno	properNoun	swe	Juno	properNoun	nor
Vangsvik	properNoun	swe	Vangsvik	properNoun	nor
Sluck	properNoun	swe	Sluck	properNoun	nor
Pompeius	properNoun	swe	Pompeius	properNoun	nor
Kunnas	properNoun	swe	Kunnas	properNoun	nor
Kousa	properNoun	swe	Kousa	properNoun	nor
Brynildsson	properNoun	swe	Brynildsson	properNoun	nor
Mjøslávdegoddi	properNoun	swe	Mjøslávdegoddi	properNoun	nor
Miilumäki	properNoun	swe	Miilumäki	properNoun	nor
Flekkerøy	properNoun	swe	Flekkerøy	properNoun	nor
Vigra	properNoun	swe	Vigra	properNoun	nor
Rakkestad	properNoun	swe	Rakkestad	properNoun	nor
Sønderland	properNoun	swe	Sønderland	properNoun	nor
Auramo	properNoun	swe	Auramo	properNoun	nor
Torleiv	properNoun	swe	Torleiv	properNoun	nor
Ramses	properNoun	swe	Ramses	properNoun	nor
Billy	properNoun	swe	Billy	properNoun	nor
Šiauliai	properNoun	swe	Šiauliai	properNoun	nor
Vigre	properNoun	swe	Vigre	properNoun	nor
Orpana	properNoun	swe	Orpana	properNoun	nor
Nysted	properNoun	swe	Nysted	properNoun	nor
Lallukka	properNoun	swe	Lallukka	properNoun	nor
Woldseth	properNoun	swe	Woldseth	properNoun	nor
Taivaloja	properNoun	swe	Taivaloja	properNoun	nor
Kingell	properNoun	swe	Kingell	properNoun	nor
Michaelssen	properNoun	swe	Michaelssen	properNoun	nor
Trumpy	properNoun	swe	Trumpy	properNoun	nor
Ording	properNoun	swe	Ording	properNoun	nor
Liberg	properNoun	swe	Liberg	properNoun	nor
Pia	properNoun	swe	Pia	properNoun	nor
Vikersund	properNoun	swe	Vikersund	properNoun	nor
Atlasfjella	properNoun	swe	Atlasfjella	properNoun	nor
Hålogaland	properNoun	swe	Hålogaland	properNoun	nor
Maranz	properNoun	swe	Maranz	properNoun	nor
Kreskens	properNoun	swe	Kreskens	properNoun	nor
EEC	properNoun	swe	EEC	properNoun	nor
Haraldstad	properNoun	swe	Haraldstad	properNoun	nor
Windfeldt	properNoun	swe	Windfeldt	properNoun	nor
Hirvasvuopio	properNoun	swe	Hirvasvuopio	properNoun	nor
Wenker	properNoun	swe	Wenker	properNoun	nor
Orti	properNoun	swe	Orti	properNoun	nor
Rouvali	properNoun	swe	Rouvali	properNoun	nor
Rødøy	properNoun	swe	Rødøy	properNoun	nor
Arntzen	properNoun	swe	Arntzen	properNoun	nor
Stølan	properNoun	swe	Stølan	properNoun	nor
Lindberg	properNoun	swe	Lindberg	properNoun	nor
Pudens	properNoun	swe	Pudens	properNoun	nor
Maobadi	properNoun	swe	Maobadi	properNoun	nor
Lima	properNoun	swe	Lima	properNoun	nor
Jebens	properNoun	swe	Jebens	properNoun	nor
Báiddarhuksen	properNoun	swe	Báiddarhuksen	properNoun	nor
Johana	properNoun	swe	Johana	properNoun	nor
Olsen	properNoun	swe	Olsen	properNoun	nor
Älmhult	properNoun	swe	Älmhult	properNoun	nor
Goldbæk	properNoun	swe	Goldbæk	properNoun	nor
Olina	properNoun	swe	Olina	properNoun	nor
Marthinsen	properNoun	swe	Marthinsen	properNoun	nor
Vanhatalo	properNoun	swe	Vanhatalo	properNoun	nor
Klemmensen	properNoun	swe	Klemmensen	properNoun	nor
Henddo	properNoun	swe	Henddo	properNoun	nor
Kjeldssen	properNoun	swe	Kjeldssen	properNoun	nor
Beahcenjárga	properNoun	swe	Beahcenjárga	properNoun	nor
Skram	properNoun	swe	Skram	properNoun	nor
Roponen	properNoun	swe	Roponen	properNoun	nor
Laokoon	properNoun	swe	Laokoon	properNoun	nor
Eliassen	properNoun	swe	Eliassen	properNoun	nor
Østergaard	properNoun	swe	Østergaard	properNoun	nor
Kannas	properNoun	swe	Kannas	properNoun	nor
Hietamäki	properNoun	swe	Hietamäki	properNoun	nor
Láillágorži	properNoun	swe	Láillágorži	properNoun	nor
Kano	properNoun	swe	Kano	properNoun	nor
Hovdenakken	properNoun	swe	Hovdenakken	properNoun	nor
Oline	properNoun	swe	Oline	properNoun	nor
Ommaluokta	properNoun	swe	Ommaluokta	properNoun	nor
Hatlem	properNoun	swe	Hatlem	properNoun	nor
Grefsen	properNoun	swe	Grefsen	properNoun	nor
Smith	properNoun	swe	Smith	properNoun	nor
Solvord	properNoun	swe	Solvord	properNoun	nor
Leväniemi	properNoun	swe	Leväniemi	properNoun	nor
Hesselberg	properNoun	swe	Hesselberg	properNoun	nor
Hatlen	properNoun	swe	Hatlen	properNoun	nor
Vedeler	properNoun	swe	Vedeler	properNoun	nor
Hemsil	properNoun	swe	Hemsil	properNoun	nor
Eivu	properNoun	swe	Eivu	properNoun	nor
Ašbel	properNoun	swe	Ašbel	properNoun	nor
Kant	properNoun	swe	Kant	properNoun	nor
Hvalen	properNoun	swe	Hvalen	properNoun	nor
Brundtlandkommišuvdna	properNoun	swe	Brundtlandkommišuvdna	properNoun	nor
Johann	properNoun	swe	Johann	properNoun	nor
Gotaas	properNoun	swe	Gotaas	properNoun	nor
Nora	properNoun	swe	Nora	properNoun	nor
Sørum	properNoun	swe	Sørum	properNoun	nor
Törmälä	properNoun	swe	Törmälä	properNoun	nor
Penuel	properNoun	swe	Penuel	properNoun	nor
Stiklestad	properNoun	swe	Stiklestad	properNoun	nor
Hvaler	properNoun	swe	Hvaler	properNoun	nor
Hagalid	properNoun	swe	Hagalid	properNoun	nor
Nord	properNoun	swe	Nord	properNoun	nor
Frp	properNoun	swe	Frp	properNoun	nor
Asmussen	properNoun	swe	Asmussen	properNoun	nor
Nore	properNoun	swe	Nore	properNoun	nor
Volvo	properNoun	swe	Volvo	properNoun	nor
Linekogel	properNoun	swe	Linekogel	properNoun	nor
Hetta	properNoun	swe	Hetta	properNoun	nor
Seneca	properNoun	swe	Seneca	properNoun	nor
Smitt	properNoun	swe	Smitt	properNoun	nor
Danielssen	properNoun	swe	Danielssen	properNoun	nor
Colbiørnsen	properNoun	swe	Colbiørnsen	properNoun	nor
Sør-Libanon	properNoun	swe	Sør-Libanon	properNoun	nor
Pennanen	properNoun	swe	Pennanen	properNoun	nor
Ranvik	properNoun	swe	Ranvik	properNoun	nor
Hverven	properNoun	swe	Hverven	properNoun	nor
Gutenberg	properNoun	swe	Gutenberg	properNoun	nor
Louvain	properNoun	swe	Louvain	properNoun	nor
Kippe	properNoun	swe	Kippe	properNoun	nor
Jouni	properNoun	swe	Jouni	properNoun	nor
Jytte	properNoun	swe	Jytte	properNoun	nor
Driveklepp	properNoun	swe	Driveklepp	properNoun	nor
Bognes	properNoun	swe	Bognes	properNoun	nor
Spanne	properNoun	swe	Spanne	properNoun	nor
Oskarshamn	properNoun	swe	Oskarshamn	properNoun	nor
Paloheimo	properNoun	swe	Paloheimo	properNoun	nor
Lehmusvirta	properNoun	swe	Lehmusvirta	properNoun	nor
Holwech	properNoun	swe	Holwech	properNoun	nor
Nikita	properNoun	swe	Nikita	properNoun	nor
Noro	properNoun	swe	Noro	properNoun	nor
Idá	properNoun	swe	Idá	properNoun	nor
Nesje	properNoun	swe	Nesje	properNoun	nor
Bernstein	properNoun	swe	Bernstein	properNoun	nor
Treffan	properNoun	swe	Treffan	properNoun	nor
Eriksrud	properNoun	swe	Eriksrud	properNoun	nor
Buenos Aires	properNoun	swe	Buenos Aires	properNoun	nor
Sagelvmo	properNoun	swe	Sagelvmo	properNoun	nor
Norppa	properNoun	swe	Norppa	properNoun	nor
Kumpumäki	properNoun	swe	Kumpumäki	properNoun	nor
Perämaa	properNoun	swe	Perämaa	properNoun	nor
Hokka	properNoun	swe	Hokka	properNoun	nor
Mihail	properNoun	swe	Mihail	properNoun	nor
Tamworth	properNoun	swe	Tamworth	properNoun	nor
Kippo	properNoun	swe	Kippo	properNoun	nor
Archer	properNoun	swe	Archer	properNoun	nor
Fakse	properNoun	swe	Fakse	properNoun	nor
Madeira	properNoun	swe	Madeira	properNoun	nor
Siekkeli	properNoun	swe	Siekkeli	properNoun	nor
Lüthcke	properNoun	swe	Lüthcke	properNoun	nor
Løvland	properNoun	swe	Løvland	properNoun	nor
Bellika	properNoun	swe	Bellika	properNoun	nor
Land's	properNoun	swe	Land's	properNoun	nor
Grunnloven	properNoun	swe	Grunnloven	properNoun	nor
Feldborg	properNoun	swe	Feldborg	properNoun	nor
Artemisa	properNoun	swe	Artemisa	properNoun	nor
Peisen	properNoun	swe	Peisen	properNoun	nor
Paasio	properNoun	swe	Paasio	properNoun	nor
Heandarat	properNoun	swe	Heandarat	properNoun	nor
Charles	properNoun	swe	Charles	properNoun	nor
Romsdalsfjorden	properNoun	swe	Romsdalsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Windsor	properNoun	swe	Windsor	properNoun	nor
Pascal	properNoun	swe	Pascal	properNoun	nor
Hjermann	properNoun	swe	Hjermann	properNoun	nor
Gaupen	properNoun	swe	Gaupen	properNoun	nor
Unnit	properNoun	swe	Unnit	properNoun	nor
Alexandrette	properNoun	swe	Alexandrette	properNoun	nor
Wibecke	properNoun	swe	Wibecke	properNoun	nor
Palosaari	properNoun	swe	Palosaari	properNoun	nor
Koskimaa	properNoun	swe	Koskimaa	properNoun	nor
Huoponen	properNoun	swe	Huoponen	properNoun	nor
Løten	properNoun	swe	Løten	properNoun	nor
Ulvinen	properNoun	swe	Ulvinen	properNoun	nor
Larseng	properNoun	swe	Larseng	properNoun	nor
Karstein	properNoun	swe	Karstein	properNoun	nor
Porsangmoen	properNoun	swe	Porsangmoen	properNoun	nor
Ragnvald	properNoun	swe	Ragnvald	properNoun	nor
Kuivaniemi	properNoun	swe	Kuivaniemi	properNoun	nor
Hess	properNoun	swe	Hess	properNoun	nor
Troelsen	properNoun	swe	Troelsen	properNoun	nor
Hest	properNoun	swe	Hest	properNoun	nor
Leigh	properNoun	swe	Leigh	properNoun	nor
Imatra	properNoun	swe	Imatra	properNoun	nor
Kumla	properNoun	swe	Kumla	properNoun	nor
Jarmo	properNoun	swe	Jarmo	properNoun	nor
Haram	properNoun	swe	Haram	properNoun	nor
Myrmel	properNoun	swe	Myrmel	properNoun	nor
Amundsson	properNoun	swe	Amundsson	properNoun	nor
Ønslev	properNoun	swe	Ønslev	properNoun	nor
Dezjnjov	properNoun	swe	Dezjnjov	properNoun	nor
Kumle	properNoun	swe	Kumle	properNoun	nor
Wickstrøm	properNoun	swe	Wickstrøm	properNoun	nor
Lompolo	properNoun	swe	Lompolo	properNoun	nor
Haffner	properNoun	swe	Haffner	properNoun	nor
Robinson	properNoun	swe	Robinson	properNoun	nor
Fantasy	properNoun	swe	Fantasy	properNoun	nor
Larissa	properNoun	swe	Larissa	properNoun	nor
Saukko	properNoun	swe	Saukko	properNoun	nor
Rokkanen	properNoun	swe	Rokkanen	properNoun	nor
Jahve	properNoun	swe	Jahve	properNoun	nor
Dervo	properNoun	swe	Dervo	properNoun	nor
Annie	properNoun	swe	Annie	properNoun	nor
Selberg	properNoun	swe	Selberg	properNoun	nor
Lohne	properNoun	swe	Lohne	properNoun	nor
Thunem	properNoun	swe	Thunem	properNoun	nor
Parkkonen	properNoun	swe	Parkkonen	properNoun	nor
Irma	properNoun	swe	Irma	properNoun	nor
Ingvalda	properNoun	swe	Ingvalda	properNoun	nor
Abia	properNoun	swe	Abia	properNoun	nor
Raikunen	properNoun	swe	Raikunen	properNoun	nor
Morvik	properNoun	swe	Morvik	properNoun	nor
Solem	properNoun	swe	Solem	properNoun	nor
Omdal	properNoun	swe	Omdal	properNoun	nor
Kiukkonen	properNoun	swe	Kiukkonen	properNoun	nor
Justus	properNoun	swe	Justus	properNoun	nor
Kjellfrid	properNoun	swe	Kjellfrid	properNoun	nor
Fjeldstad	properNoun	swe	Fjeldstad	properNoun	nor
Flegon	properNoun	swe	Flegon	properNoun	nor
Tollefson	properNoun	swe	Tollefson	properNoun	nor
Dittenjunni	properNoun	swe	Dittenjunni	properNoun	nor
Saarelainen	properNoun	swe	Saarelainen	properNoun	nor
Romulus	properNoun	swe	Romulus	properNoun	nor
Annik	properNoun	swe	Annik	properNoun	nor
Skjåk	properNoun	swe	Skjåk	properNoun	nor
Vanhala	properNoun	swe	Vanhala	properNoun	nor
Claussøn	properNoun	swe	Claussøn	properNoun	nor
Liltvedt	properNoun	swe	Liltvedt	properNoun	nor
Königsberg	properNoun	swe	Königsberg	properNoun	nor
Thunes	properNoun	swe	Thunes	properNoun	nor
Ahponen	properNoun	swe	Ahponen	properNoun	nor
Slava	properNoun	swe	Slava	properNoun	nor
Numedal	properNoun	swe	Numedal	properNoun	nor
Vimpari	properNoun	swe	Vimpari	properNoun	nor
Sülberg	properNoun	swe	Sülberg	properNoun	nor
Berbom	properNoun	swe	Berbom	properNoun	nor
Saida	properNoun	swe	Saida	properNoun	nor
Afrodite	properNoun	swe	Afrodite	properNoun	nor
Jáhkovuotna	properNoun	swe	Jáhkovuotna	properNoun	nor
Hudsonstredet	properNoun	swe	Hudsonstredet	properNoun	nor
Sarak-Ánne	properNoun	swe	Sarak-Ánne	properNoun	nor
Maisala	properNoun	swe	Maisala	properNoun	nor
Wasara	properNoun	swe	Wasara	properNoun	nor
Rørholt	properNoun	swe	Rørholt	properNoun	nor
Majanen	properNoun	swe	Majanen	properNoun	nor
Emmen	properNoun	swe	Emmen	properNoun	nor
Lina	properNoun	swe	Lina	properNoun	nor
André	properNoun	swe	André	properNoun	nor
Andre	properNoun	swe	Andre	properNoun	nor
Volkhov	properNoun	swe	Volkhov	properNoun	nor
Viinanen	properNoun	swe	Viinanen	properNoun	nor
Kontio	properNoun	swe	Kontio	properNoun	nor
Rennesøy	properNoun	swe	Rennesøy	properNoun	nor
Østbye	properNoun	swe	Østbye	properNoun	nor
Rautavirta	properNoun	swe	Rautavirta	properNoun	nor
Lind	properNoun	swe	Lind	properNoun	nor
Floda	properNoun	swe	Floda	properNoun	nor
Henden	properNoun	swe	Henden	properNoun	nor
Christianus	properNoun	swe	Christianus	properNoun	nor
Bjørkum	properNoun	swe	Bjørkum	properNoun	nor
Line	properNoun	swe	Line	properNoun	nor
Ceausescu	properNoun	swe	Ceausescu	properNoun	nor
Torsvåg	properNoun	swe	Torsvåg	properNoun	nor
Taarensvik	properNoun	swe	Taarensvik	properNoun	nor
Siironen	properNoun	swe	Siironen	properNoun	nor
Luís	properNoun	swe	Luís	properNoun	nor
Solund	properNoun	swe	Solund	properNoun	nor
Kuivanen	properNoun	swe	Kuivanen	properNoun	nor
Tulsa	properNoun	swe	Tulsa	properNoun	nor
Magerøya	properNoun	swe	Magerøya	properNoun	nor
Laapotti	properNoun	swe	Laapotti	properNoun	nor
Nordsletten	properNoun	swe	Nordsletten	properNoun	nor
Välisaari	properNoun	swe	Välisaari	properNoun	nor
Roshauw	properNoun	swe	Roshauw	properNoun	nor
Muuronen	properNoun	swe	Muuronen	properNoun	nor
Biehtáragielas	properNoun	swe	Biehtáragielas	properNoun	nor
Bjartmar	properNoun	swe	Bjartmar	properNoun	nor
Karesuando	properNoun	swe	Karesuando	properNoun	nor
Finnmárkkolávdegoddi	properNoun	swe	Finnmárkkolávdegoddi	properNoun	nor
Borgersen	properNoun	swe	Borgersen	properNoun	nor
Klausen	properNoun	swe	Klausen	properNoun	nor
Kaos	properNoun	swe	Kaos	properNoun	nor
Engelvaad	properNoun	swe	Engelvaad	properNoun	nor
Viljanmaa	properNoun	swe	Viljanmaa	properNoun	nor
Juutinen	properNoun	swe	Juutinen	properNoun	nor
Koirala	properNoun	swe	Koirala	properNoun	nor
Jonasen	properNoun	swe	Jonasen	properNoun	nor
Kikut	properNoun	swe	Kikut	properNoun	nor
Syslak	properNoun	swe	Syslak	properNoun	nor
Linn	properNoun	swe	Linn	properNoun	nor
Thorkildsson	properNoun	swe	Thorkildsson	properNoun	nor
Monroe	properNoun	swe	Monroe	properNoun	nor
Hudsonbukta	properNoun	swe	Hudsonbukta	properNoun	nor
Novgorod	properNoun	swe	Novgorod	properNoun	nor
Vähä	properNoun	swe	Vähä	properNoun	nor
Major	properNoun	swe	Major	properNoun	nor
Herning	properNoun	swe	Herning	properNoun	nor
Verningen	properNoun	swe	Verningen	properNoun	nor
Karst	properNoun	swe	Karst	properNoun	nor
Astikainen	properNoun	swe	Astikainen	properNoun	nor
Lucius	properNoun	swe	Lucius	properNoun	nor
Konttila	properNoun	swe	Konttila	properNoun	nor
Boca	properNoun	swe	Boca	properNoun	nor
Volanen	properNoun	swe	Volanen	properNoun	nor
Jørpeland	properNoun	swe	Jørpeland	properNoun	nor
Karhula	properNoun	swe	Karhula	properNoun	nor
Torstensen	properNoun	swe	Torstensen	properNoun	nor
Pavval	properNoun	swe	Pavval	properNoun	nor
Freud	properNoun	swe	Freud	properNoun	nor
Norcem	properNoun	swe	Norcem	properNoun	nor
Hiermann	properNoun	swe	Hiermann	properNoun	nor
Aabybro	properNoun	swe	Aabybro	properNoun	nor
Manfred	properNoun	swe	Manfred	properNoun	nor
Tuomaala	properNoun	swe	Tuomaala	properNoun	nor
Vietnamkrigen	properNoun	swe	Vietnamkrigen	properNoun	nor
Vibecke	properNoun	swe	Vibecke	properNoun	nor
Klaudius	properNoun	swe	Klaudius	properNoun	nor
Johansdatter	properNoun	swe	Johansdatter	properNoun	nor
Palermo	properNoun	swe	Palermo	properNoun	nor
Linz	properNoun	swe	Linz	properNoun	nor
Huuki	properNoun	swe	Huuki	properNoun	nor
Graana	properNoun	swe	Graana	properNoun	nor
Heavdne-Mánni	properNoun	swe	Heavdne-Mánni	properNoun	nor
Rapeli	properNoun	swe	Rapeli	properNoun	nor
Gwich	properNoun	swe	Gwich	properNoun	nor
Bock	properNoun	swe	Bock	properNoun	nor
Sarawak	properNoun	swe	Sarawak	properNoun	nor
Åhnberg	properNoun	swe	Åhnberg	properNoun	nor
Fabritius	properNoun	swe	Fabritius	properNoun	nor
Bávválsuolu	properNoun	swe	Bávválsuolu	properNoun	nor
Henriette	properNoun	swe	Henriette	properNoun	nor
Anine	properNoun	swe	Anine	properNoun	nor
Kittilson	properNoun	swe	Kittilson	properNoun	nor
Skeuas	properNoun	swe	Skeuas	properNoun	nor
Elaine	properNoun	swe	Elaine	properNoun	nor
Argentina	properNoun	swe	Argentina	properNoun	nor
Zappa	properNoun	swe	Zappa	properNoun	nor
Kulseth	properNoun	swe	Kulseth	properNoun	nor
Bela	properNoun	swe	Bela	properNoun	nor
Bunes	properNoun	swe	Bunes	properNoun	nor
Isola	properNoun	swe	Isola	properNoun	nor
Iŋggáskáidi	properNoun	swe	Iŋggáskáidi	properNoun	nor
Tomasen	properNoun	swe	Tomasen	properNoun	nor
Ketonen	properNoun	swe	Ketonen	properNoun	nor
Helen	properNoun	swe	Helen	properNoun	nor
Bilstad	properNoun	swe	Bilstad	properNoun	nor
Sørfjorden	properNoun	swe	Sørfjorden	properNoun	nor
Vassenden	properNoun	swe	Vassenden	properNoun	nor
Alavuoma-Johanas	properNoun	swe	Alavuoma-Johanas	properNoun	nor
Balsaskáidi	properNoun	swe	Balsaskáidi	properNoun	nor
Lyngmann	properNoun	swe	Lyngmann	properNoun	nor
Birrá	properNoun	swe	Birrá	properNoun	nor
Steckmest	properNoun	swe	Steckmest	properNoun	nor
Myrvang	properNoun	swe	Myrvang	properNoun	nor
Ann-Sissel	properNoun	swe	Ann-Sissel	properNoun	nor
Athletic	properNoun	swe	Athletic	properNoun	nor
Reusch	properNoun	swe	Reusch	properNoun	nor
Palmunen	properNoun	swe	Palmunen	properNoun	nor
Bell	properNoun	swe	Bell	properNoun	nor
ÅSV	properNoun	swe	ÅSV	properNoun	nor
Raitio	properNoun	swe	Raitio	properNoun	nor
Kallioniemi	properNoun	swe	Kallioniemi	properNoun	nor
Räty	properNoun	swe	Räty	properNoun	nor
Mäntyvaara	properNoun	swe	Mäntyvaara	properNoun	nor
Kanerva	properNoun	swe	Kanerva	properNoun	nor
Robin	properNoun	swe	Robin	properNoun	nor
Vrådal	properNoun	swe	Vrådal	properNoun	nor
Nyseth	properNoun	swe	Nyseth	properNoun	nor
Einejord	properNoun	swe	Einejord	properNoun	nor
Gunnbjørg	properNoun	swe	Gunnbjørg	properNoun	nor
Strauss	properNoun	swe	Strauss	properNoun	nor
Belo	properNoun	swe	Belo	properNoun	nor
Dansommer	properNoun	swe	Dansommer	properNoun	nor
Dagfinn	properNoun	swe	Dagfinn	properNoun	nor
Kos	properNoun	swe	Kos	properNoun	nor
Fjaellström	properNoun	swe	Fjaellström	properNoun	nor
Arvesen	properNoun	swe	Arvesen	properNoun	nor
Tor-Erling	properNoun	swe	Tor-Erling	properNoun	nor
Roikonen	properNoun	swe	Roikonen	properNoun	nor
Stuttgart	properNoun	swe	Stuttgart	properNoun	nor
Solskjær	properNoun	swe	Solskjær	properNoun	nor
Odveig	properNoun	swe	Odveig	properNoun	nor
Wienkongressen	properNoun	swe	Wienkongressen	properNoun	nor
Jänkälä	properNoun	swe	Jänkälä	properNoun	nor
Hveding	properNoun	swe	Hveding	properNoun	nor
Harbo	properNoun	swe	Harbo	properNoun	nor
Fellini	properNoun	swe	Fellini	properNoun	nor
Drammensfjorden	properNoun	swe	Drammensfjorden	properNoun	nor
Vikøren	properNoun	swe	Vikøren	properNoun	nor
Gondor	properNoun	swe	Gondor	properNoun	nor
Kerminen	properNoun	swe	Kerminen	properNoun	nor
Hekkala	properNoun	swe	Hekkala	properNoun	nor
Sadiq	properNoun	swe	Sadiq	properNoun	nor
Berle	properNoun	swe	Berle	properNoun	nor
Fattig-Oslo	properNoun	swe	Fattig-Oslo	properNoun	nor
Äikäs	properNoun	swe	Äikäs	properNoun	nor
Tørresdal	properNoun	swe	Tørresdal	properNoun	nor
Toyota	properNoun	swe	Toyota	properNoun	nor
Skårvik	properNoun	swe	Skårvik	properNoun	nor
Alan	properNoun	swe	Alan	properNoun	nor
Sommerfeldt	properNoun	swe	Sommerfeldt	properNoun	nor
Kanervo	properNoun	swe	Kanervo	properNoun	nor
Knutsen	properNoun	swe	Knutsen	properNoun	nor
Sirius	properNoun	swe	Sirius	properNoun	nor
Oddbjørg	properNoun	swe	Oddbjørg	properNoun	nor
Adele	properNoun	swe	Adele	properNoun	nor
Luotola	properNoun	swe	Luotola	properNoun	nor
Ahonen	properNoun	swe	Ahonen	properNoun	nor
Esop	properNoun	swe	Esop	properNoun	nor
Tanga	properNoun	swe	Tanga	properNoun	nor
Laajala	properNoun	swe	Laajala	properNoun	nor
Heijari	properNoun	swe	Heijari	properNoun	nor
Dorkas	properNoun	swe	Dorkas	properNoun	nor
Fifa	properNoun	swe	Fifa	properNoun	nor
Overhalla	properNoun	swe	Overhalla	properNoun	nor
Oddbjørn	properNoun	swe	Oddbjørn	properNoun	nor
Røste	properNoun	swe	Røste	properNoun	nor
Dalseter	properNoun	swe	Dalseter	properNoun	nor
Lynkevs	properNoun	swe	Lynkevs	properNoun	nor
Holtålen	properNoun	swe	Holtålen	properNoun	nor
Kylli	properNoun	swe	Kylli	properNoun	nor
Samnanger	properNoun	swe	Samnanger	properNoun	nor
Meråker	properNoun	swe	Meråker	properNoun	nor
Hangaard	properNoun	swe	Hangaard	properNoun	nor
Wicklund	properNoun	swe	Wicklund	properNoun	nor
Torniainen	properNoun	swe	Torniainen	properNoun	nor
Mogens	properNoun	swe	Mogens	properNoun	nor
Ariadne	properNoun	swe	Ariadne	properNoun	nor
Lende	properNoun	swe	Lende	properNoun	nor
Thorsrud	properNoun	swe	Thorsrud	properNoun	nor
Berly	properNoun	swe	Berly	properNoun	nor
Floed	properNoun	swe	Floed	properNoun	nor
Roger	properNoun	swe	Roger	properNoun	nor
Titta	properNoun	swe	Titta	properNoun	nor
Lehmus	properNoun	swe	Lehmus	properNoun	nor
Hjelholt	properNoun	swe	Hjelholt	properNoun	nor
Kaliningrad	properNoun	swe	Kaliningrad	properNoun	nor
Valtari	properNoun	swe	Valtari	properNoun	nor
Vestmarka	properNoun	swe	Vestmarka	properNoun	nor
Kapp	properNoun	swe	Kapp	properNoun	nor
Lehmuskoski	properNoun	swe	Lehmuskoski	properNoun	nor
Juhls	properNoun	swe	Juhls	properNoun	nor
Hætta	properNoun	swe	Hætta	properNoun	nor
Newcastle	properNoun	swe	Newcastle	properNoun	nor
Perttunen	properNoun	swe	Perttunen	properNoun	nor
Leppäkoski	properNoun	swe	Leppäkoski	properNoun	nor
Junttenjárga	properNoun	swe	Junttenjárga	properNoun	nor
Svingen	properNoun	swe	Svingen	properNoun	nor
Gleditsch	properNoun	swe	Gleditsch	properNoun	nor
Bjørnestad	properNoun	swe	Bjørnestad	properNoun	nor
Gugán	properNoun	swe	Gugán	properNoun	nor
Ailin	properNoun	swe	Ailin	properNoun	nor
Todnem	properNoun	swe	Todnem	properNoun	nor
Petreius	properNoun	swe	Petreius	properNoun	nor
Nordbostad	properNoun	swe	Nordbostad	properNoun	nor
Ailio	properNoun	swe	Ailio	properNoun	nor
Almar	properNoun	swe	Almar	properNoun	nor
Torgny	properNoun	swe	Torgny	properNoun	nor
Whist	properNoun	swe	Whist	properNoun	nor
Halsen	properNoun	swe	Halsen	properNoun	nor
Junná	properNoun	swe	Junná	properNoun	nor
Brunlanes	properNoun	swe	Brunlanes	properNoun	nor
Korah	properNoun	swe	Korah	properNoun	nor
Ábojávri	properNoun	swe	Ábojávri	properNoun	nor
Kärrstedt	properNoun	swe	Kärrstedt	properNoun	nor
Floen	properNoun	swe	Floen	properNoun	nor
Lillebælt	properNoun	swe	Lillebælt	properNoun	nor
Ivara	properNoun	swe	Ivara	properNoun	nor
Nyks	properNoun	swe	Nyks	properNoun	nor
Lawaetz	properNoun	swe	Lawaetz	properNoun	nor
Krogager	properNoun	swe	Krogager	properNoun	nor
Flikka	properNoun	swe	Flikka	properNoun	nor
Børke	properNoun	swe	Børke	properNoun	nor
Tuddi	properNoun	swe	Tuddi	properNoun	nor
Haltenbanken	properNoun	swe	Haltenbanken	properNoun	nor
Tamminen	properNoun	swe	Tamminen	properNoun	nor
Neuman	properNoun	swe	Neuman	properNoun	nor
Floer	properNoun	swe	Floer	properNoun	nor
Bergli	properNoun	swe	Bergli	properNoun	nor
Hole	properNoun	swe	Hole	properNoun	nor
Wuolijoki	properNoun	swe	Wuolijoki	properNoun	nor
Rinkinen	properNoun	swe	Rinkinen	properNoun	nor
Botnen	properNoun	swe	Botnen	properNoun	nor
Trygve	properNoun	swe	Trygve	properNoun	nor
Århus	properNoun	swe	Århus	properNoun	nor
Tangen	properNoun	swe	Tangen	properNoun	nor
Eidsheim	properNoun	swe	Eidsheim	properNoun	nor
Chou	properNoun	swe	Chou	properNoun	nor
Stensrud	properNoun	swe	Stensrud	properNoun	nor
Nahkuri	properNoun	swe	Nahkuri	properNoun	nor
Reinert	properNoun	swe	Reinert	properNoun	nor
Høvringen	properNoun	swe	Høvringen	properNoun	nor
Ørsnes	properNoun	swe	Ørsnes	properNoun	nor
Toikka	properNoun	swe	Toikka	properNoun	nor
Pojanrinne	properNoun	swe	Pojanrinne	properNoun	nor
Dybdahl	properNoun	swe	Dybdahl	properNoun	nor
Botner	properNoun	swe	Botner	properNoun	nor
Tanger	properNoun	swe	Tanger	properNoun	nor
Raninen	properNoun	swe	Raninen	properNoun	nor
Pär	properNoun	swe	Pär	properNoun	nor
Sørfold	properNoun	swe	Sørfold	properNoun	nor
Holm	properNoun	swe	Holm	properNoun	nor
Uleåborg	properNoun	swe	Uleåborg	properNoun	nor
Sašenkova	properNoun	swe	Sašenkova	properNoun	nor
Kilmarnock	properNoun	swe	Kilmarnock	properNoun	nor
Willadsen	properNoun	swe	Willadsen	properNoun	nor
Paaske	properNoun	swe	Paaske	properNoun	nor
Terah	properNoun	swe	Terah	properNoun	nor
Arnold	properNoun	swe	Arnold	properNoun	nor
Vaage	properNoun	swe	Vaage	properNoun	nor
Mihkkalaš	properNoun	swe	Mihkkalaš	properNoun	nor
Nordtømme	properNoun	swe	Nordtømme	properNoun	nor
Holt	properNoun	swe	Holt	properNoun	nor
Leskinen	properNoun	swe	Leskinen	properNoun	nor
Holger	properNoun	swe	Holger	properNoun	nor
Eikonrød	properNoun	swe	Eikonrød	properNoun	nor
Mariann	properNoun	swe	Mariann	properNoun	nor
Council	properNoun	swe	Council	properNoun	nor
Piettar-Ánde	properNoun	swe	Piettar-Ánde	properNoun	nor
Horizonte	properNoun	swe	Horizonte	properNoun	nor
Bávvaljávri	properNoun	swe	Bávvaljávri	properNoun	nor
Valvik	properNoun	swe	Valvik	properNoun	nor
Kasari	properNoun	swe	Kasari	properNoun	nor
Colett	properNoun	swe	Colett	properNoun	nor
Karelen	properNoun	swe	Karelen	properNoun	nor
Toronto	properNoun	swe	Toronto	properNoun	nor
Sarmela	properNoun	swe	Sarmela	properNoun	nor
Hoseth	properNoun	swe	Hoseth	properNoun	nor
Matthews	properNoun	swe	Matthews	properNoun	nor
Body	properNoun	swe	Body	properNoun	nor
Rønneberg	properNoun	swe	Rønneberg	properNoun	nor
Reidar	properNoun	swe	Reidar	properNoun	nor
Natanaela	properNoun	swe	Natanaela	properNoun	nor
Iŋgunjohka	properNoun	swe	Iŋgunjohka	properNoun	nor
Wickmann	properNoun	swe	Wickmann	properNoun	nor
Mönkkönen	properNoun	swe	Mönkkönen	properNoun	nor
Fahlstrøm	properNoun	swe	Fahlstrøm	properNoun	nor
Antinaho	properNoun	swe	Antinaho	properNoun	nor
Šur	properNoun	swe	Šur	properNoun	nor
Ingvild	properNoun	swe	Ingvild	properNoun	nor
Haagen	properNoun	swe	Haagen	properNoun	nor
Ølesund	properNoun	swe	Ølesund	properNoun	nor
Norsk	properNoun	swe	Norsk	properNoun	nor
Løvebakken	properNoun	swe	Løvebakken	properNoun	nor
Espa	properNoun	swe	Espa	properNoun	nor
Tiikkainen	properNoun	swe	Tiikkainen	properNoun	nor
Evjenth	properNoun	swe	Evjenth	properNoun	nor
Markussen	properNoun	swe	Markussen	properNoun	nor
Sebulona	properNoun	swe	Sebulona	properNoun	nor
Dyrstad	properNoun	swe	Dyrstad	properNoun	nor
Østvik	properNoun	swe	Østvik	properNoun	nor
Rieber	properNoun	swe	Rieber	properNoun	nor
Jyrkiäinen	properNoun	swe	Jyrkiäinen	properNoun	nor
Brunei	properNoun	swe	Brunei	properNoun	nor
Gross	properNoun	swe	Gross	properNoun	nor
Espe	properNoun	swe	Espe	properNoun	nor
Brekkom	properNoun	swe	Brekkom	properNoun	nor
Sæmund	properNoun	swe	Sæmund	properNoun	nor
Harstad	properNoun	swe	Harstad	properNoun	nor
Ingvill	properNoun	swe	Ingvill	properNoun	nor
Puoghkeepsie	properNoun	swe	Puoghkeepsie	properNoun	nor
Herulf	properNoun	swe	Herulf	properNoun	nor
Schjelderup	properNoun	swe	Schjelderup	properNoun	nor
Puoskari	properNoun	swe	Puoskari	properNoun	nor
Leppinen	properNoun	swe	Leppinen	properNoun	nor
Håkonssen	properNoun	swe	Håkonssen	properNoun	nor
Rautakoski	properNoun	swe	Rautakoski	properNoun	nor
Kolnes	properNoun	swe	Kolnes	properNoun	nor
Oddmar	properNoun	swe	Oddmar	properNoun	nor
Jørgenson	properNoun	swe	Jørgenson	properNoun	nor
Poughkeepsie	properNoun	swe	Poughkeepsie	properNoun	nor
Mikkilä	properNoun	swe	Mikkilä	properNoun	nor
Laitila	properNoun	swe	Laitila	properNoun	nor
Vanse	properNoun	swe	Vanse	properNoun	nor
Tuorila	properNoun	swe	Tuorila	properNoun	nor
Hollan	properNoun	swe	Hollan	properNoun	nor
Kasper	properNoun	swe	Kasper	properNoun	nor
Judson	properNoun	swe	Judson	properNoun	nor
Hamvik	properNoun	swe	Hamvik	properNoun	nor
Espo	properNoun	swe	Espo	properNoun	nor
Dombestein	properNoun	swe	Dombestein	properNoun	nor
Vepsäläinen	properNoun	swe	Vepsäläinen	properNoun	nor
Salmonsen	properNoun	swe	Salmonsen	properNoun	nor
Nordborg	properNoun	swe	Nordborg	properNoun	nor
Kouvo	properNoun	swe	Kouvo	properNoun	nor
Gierløff	properNoun	swe	Gierløff	properNoun	nor
Chresten	properNoun	swe	Chresten	properNoun	nor
Noponen	properNoun	swe	Noponen	properNoun	nor
Niinimaa	properNoun	swe	Niinimaa	properNoun	nor
Ayr	properNoun	swe	Ayr	properNoun	nor
Bánccojohka	properNoun	swe	Bánccojohka	properNoun	nor
Skatval	properNoun	swe	Skatval	properNoun	nor
Lehmusvuori	properNoun	swe	Lehmusvuori	properNoun	nor
Maximos	properNoun	swe	Maximos	properNoun	nor
Dracula	properNoun	swe	Dracula	properNoun	nor
Leppävuori	properNoun	swe	Leppävuori	properNoun	nor
Jussila	properNoun	swe	Jussila	properNoun	nor
Aunan	properNoun	swe	Aunan	properNoun	nor
Creek	properNoun	swe	Creek	properNoun	nor
Montreuxfestivalen	properNoun	swe	Montreuxfestivalen	properNoun	nor
White	properNoun	swe	White	properNoun	nor
Vest-London	properNoun	swe	Vest-London	properNoun	nor
Terkelsen	properNoun	swe	Terkelsen	properNoun	nor
Murud	properNoun	swe	Murud	properNoun	nor
Maths	properNoun	swe	Maths	properNoun	nor
Sigfrid	properNoun	swe	Sigfrid	properNoun	nor
Paulssen	properNoun	swe	Paulssen	properNoun	nor
Ruohomäki	properNoun	swe	Ruohomäki	properNoun	nor
Løyning	properNoun	swe	Løyning	properNoun	nor
Gjestvang	properNoun	swe	Gjestvang	properNoun	nor
Antikristus	properNoun	swe	Antikristus	properNoun	nor
Norunn	properNoun	swe	Norunn	properNoun	nor
Torkildssen	properNoun	swe	Torkildssen	properNoun	nor
Ravattinen	properNoun	swe	Ravattinen	properNoun	nor
Frimann	properNoun	swe	Frimann	properNoun	nor
Bøe	properNoun	swe	Bøe	properNoun	nor
Ravlo	properNoun	swe	Ravlo	properNoun	nor
Könönen	properNoun	swe	Könönen	properNoun	nor
Hyde	properNoun	swe	Hyde	properNoun	nor
Haapamäki	properNoun	swe	Haapamäki	properNoun	nor
Christiansfeld	properNoun	swe	Christiansfeld	properNoun	nor
Våler	properNoun	swe	Våler	properNoun	nor
Saloniemi	properNoun	swe	Saloniemi	properNoun	nor
Ruotsi	properNoun	swe	Ruotsi	properNoun	nor
Teuvo	properNoun	swe	Teuvo	properNoun	nor
Károliinná	properNoun	swe	Károliinná	properNoun	nor
Ingvil	properNoun	swe	Ingvil	properNoun	nor
Østberg	properNoun	swe	Østberg	properNoun	nor
Myrseth	properNoun	swe	Myrseth	properNoun	nor
Finne	properNoun	swe	Finne	properNoun	nor
Deør	properNoun	swe	Deør	properNoun	nor
Barbara	properNoun	swe	Barbara	properNoun	nor
Paval	properNoun	swe	Paval	properNoun	nor
Linnestad	properNoun	swe	Linnestad	properNoun	nor
Korsbæk	properNoun	swe	Korsbæk	properNoun	nor
Bleken	properNoun	swe	Bleken	properNoun	nor
Nuuttila	properNoun	swe	Nuuttila	properNoun	nor
Karup	properNoun	swe	Karup	properNoun	nor
Sondre	properNoun	swe	Sondre	properNoun	nor
Kroisos	properNoun	swe	Kroisos	properNoun	nor
Puurula	properNoun	swe	Puurula	properNoun	nor
Høgetveit	properNoun	swe	Høgetveit	properNoun	nor
Hwanghai	properNoun	swe	Hwanghai	properNoun	nor
Bøn	properNoun	swe	Bøn	properNoun	nor
Grønbech	properNoun	swe	Grønbech	properNoun	nor
Finni	properNoun	swe	Finni	properNoun	nor
Nielssen	properNoun	swe	Nielssen	properNoun	nor
Nossum	properNoun	swe	Nossum	properNoun	nor
Hønen	properNoun	swe	Hønen	properNoun	nor
Homb	properNoun	swe	Homb	properNoun	nor
Stefanas	properNoun	swe	Stefanas	properNoun	nor
Køfri	properNoun	swe	Køfri	properNoun	nor
Guttormson	properNoun	swe	Guttormson	properNoun	nor
Hillestad	properNoun	swe	Hillestad	properNoun	nor
Siiriäinen	properNoun	swe	Siiriäinen	properNoun	nor
Lenes	properNoun	swe	Lenes	properNoun	nor
Duluth	properNoun	swe	Duluth	properNoun	nor
Vähälä	properNoun	swe	Vähälä	properNoun	nor
Tekoniemi	properNoun	swe	Tekoniemi	properNoun	nor
Grosch	properNoun	swe	Grosch	properNoun	nor
Ollevárri	properNoun	swe	Ollevárri	properNoun	nor
Kulppi	properNoun	swe	Kulppi	properNoun	nor
Fur	properNoun	swe	Fur	properNoun	nor
Bülow	properNoun	swe	Bülow	properNoun	nor
Vähämaa	properNoun	swe	Vähämaa	properNoun	nor
Stokstad	properNoun	swe	Stokstad	properNoun	nor
Kuorelahti	properNoun	swe	Kuorelahti	properNoun	nor
Jelsa	properNoun	swe	Jelsa	properNoun	nor
Oddekalv	properNoun	swe	Oddekalv	properNoun	nor
Pål	properNoun	swe	Pål	properNoun	nor
Hokkinen	properNoun	swe	Hokkinen	properNoun	nor
Helga	properNoun	swe	Helga	properNoun	nor
Titus	properNoun	swe	Titus	properNoun	nor
Teperi	properNoun	swe	Teperi	properNoun	nor
Bergmo	properNoun	swe	Bergmo	properNoun	nor
Grøstad	properNoun	swe	Grøstad	properNoun	nor
Trollveggen	properNoun	swe	Trollveggen	properNoun	nor
Vidar	properNoun	swe	Vidar	properNoun	nor
Helge	properNoun	swe	Helge	properNoun	nor
Loponen	properNoun	swe	Loponen	properNoun	nor
Boel	properNoun	swe	Boel	properNoun	nor
Länsman	properNoun	swe	Länsman	properNoun	nor
Liutu	properNoun	swe	Liutu	properNoun	nor
Palmer	properNoun	swe	Palmer	properNoun	nor
Garstad	properNoun	swe	Garstad	properNoun	nor
Kjelle	properNoun	swe	Kjelle	properNoun	nor
Helgi	properNoun	swe	Helgi	properNoun	nor
Jura	properNoun	swe	Jura	properNoun	nor
Huumo	properNoun	swe	Huumo	properNoun	nor
Bentssen	properNoun	swe	Bentssen	properNoun	nor
Kaitila	properNoun	swe	Kaitila	properNoun	nor
Haukijärvi	properNoun	swe	Haukijärvi	properNoun	nor
Bend	properNoun	swe	Bend	properNoun	nor
Aileen	properNoun	swe	Aileen	properNoun	nor
Lisbeth	properNoun	swe	Lisbeth	properNoun	nor
Alatalo	properNoun	swe	Alatalo	properNoun	nor
Universität	properNoun	swe	Universität	properNoun	nor
Jomås	properNoun	swe	Jomås	properNoun	nor
Jomar	properNoun	swe	Jomar	properNoun	nor
Louis d'or	properNoun	swe	Louis d'or	properNoun	nor
Vainikainen	properNoun	swe	Vainikainen	properNoun	nor
Cae	properNoun	swe	Cae	properNoun	nor
Suhayl	properNoun	swe	Suhayl	properNoun	nor
Torvaldsen	properNoun	swe	Torvaldsen	properNoun	nor
Garmisch-Partenkirchen	properNoun	swe	Garmisch-Partenkirchen	properNoun	nor
Efer	properNoun	swe	Efer	properNoun	nor
Malakias	properNoun	swe	Malakias	properNoun	nor
Rautavuori	properNoun	swe	Rautavuori	properNoun	nor
Paavolainen	properNoun	swe	Paavolainen	properNoun	nor
Groth	properNoun	swe	Groth	properNoun	nor
Falkenberg	properNoun	swe	Falkenberg	properNoun	nor
Einvik	properNoun	swe	Einvik	properNoun	nor
Norte	properNoun	swe	Norte	properNoun	nor
Schjetne	properNoun	swe	Schjetne	properNoun	nor
Nordhordland	properNoun	swe	Nordhordland	properNoun	nor
Valonen	properNoun	swe	Valonen	properNoun	nor
Ditlevsen	properNoun	swe	Ditlevsen	properNoun	nor
Taimi	properNoun	swe	Taimi	properNoun	nor
Randem	properNoun	swe	Randem	properNoun	nor
Kotiaho	properNoun	swe	Kotiaho	properNoun	nor
Labradorstrømmen	properNoun	swe	Labradorstrømmen	properNoun	nor
North	properNoun	swe	North	properNoun	nor
Östberg	properNoun	swe	Östberg	properNoun	nor
Laramie	properNoun	swe	Laramie	properNoun	nor
Hotakainen	properNoun	swe	Hotakainen	properNoun	nor
Benn	properNoun	swe	Benn	properNoun	nor
Hans-Kristian	properNoun	swe	Hans-Kristian	properNoun	nor
Nordland	properNoun	swe	Nordland	properNoun	nor
Manhattan	properNoun	swe	Manhattan	properNoun	nor
Ananias	properNoun	swe	Ananias	properNoun	nor
Duffman	properNoun	swe	Duffman	properNoun	nor
Follum	properNoun	swe	Follum	properNoun	nor
Bøvertun	properNoun	swe	Bøvertun	properNoun	nor
Syvertsson	properNoun	swe	Syvertsson	properNoun	nor
Busch	properNoun	swe	Busch	properNoun	nor
Erlandsen	properNoun	swe	Erlandsen	properNoun	nor
Stauning	properNoun	swe	Stauning	properNoun	nor
Paatero	properNoun	swe	Paatero	properNoun	nor
Bent	properNoun	swe	Bent	properNoun	nor
Montaigne	properNoun	swe	Montaigne	properNoun	nor
Grønlien	properNoun	swe	Grønlien	properNoun	nor
Aanna	properNoun	swe	Aanna	properNoun	nor
Bø	properNoun	swe	Bø	properNoun	nor
Homanen	properNoun	swe	Homanen	properNoun	nor
Berlin	properNoun	swe	Berlin	properNoun	nor
Lattunen	properNoun	swe	Lattunen	properNoun	nor
Hiekkala	properNoun	swe	Hiekkala	properNoun	nor
Heiskari	properNoun	swe	Heiskari	properNoun	nor
Gerasim	properNoun	swe	Gerasim	properNoun	nor
Stathelle	properNoun	swe	Stathelle	properNoun	nor
Pretoria	properNoun	swe	Pretoria	properNoun	nor
Innsbruck	properNoun	swe	Innsbruck	properNoun	nor
UiB	properNoun	swe	UiB	properNoun	nor
Benz	properNoun	swe	Benz	properNoun	nor
Calmeyer	properNoun	swe	Calmeyer	properNoun	nor
Aquinas	properNoun	swe	Aquinas	properNoun	nor
Ylikulju	properNoun	swe	Ylikulju	properNoun	nor
Løbak	properNoun	swe	Løbak	properNoun	nor
Maurice	properNoun	swe	Maurice	properNoun	nor
British	properNoun	swe	British	properNoun	nor
Warhuus	properNoun	swe	Warhuus	properNoun	nor
Vefsen	properNoun	swe	Vefsen	properNoun	nor
Colban	properNoun	swe	Colban	properNoun	nor
Hardy	properNoun	swe	Hardy	properNoun	nor
Kisjinjov	properNoun	swe	Kisjinjov	properNoun	nor
Heimvard	properNoun	swe	Heimvard	properNoun	nor
Kariann	properNoun	swe	Kariann	properNoun	nor
Røed	properNoun	swe	Røed	properNoun	nor
Hukari	properNoun	swe	Hukari	properNoun	nor
Gauss	properNoun	swe	Gauss	properNoun	nor
Lill-Tove	properNoun	swe	Lill-Tove	properNoun	nor
Kare	properNoun	swe	Kare	properNoun	nor
Immonen	properNoun	swe	Immonen	properNoun	nor
Gjersøe	properNoun	swe	Gjersøe	properNoun	nor
Stølen	properNoun	swe	Stølen	properNoun	nor
Nordlie	properNoun	swe	Nordlie	properNoun	nor
UiO	properNoun	swe	UiO	properNoun	nor
Luster	properNoun	swe	Luster	properNoun	nor
Jáhko	properNoun	swe	Jáhko	properNoun	nor
Bernt	properNoun	swe	Bernt	properNoun	nor
Margreta	properNoun	swe	Margreta	properNoun	nor
Kari	properNoun	swe	Kari	properNoun	nor
Beiarn	properNoun	swe	Beiarn	properNoun	nor
Venezia	properNoun	swe	Venezia	properNoun	nor
Carina	properNoun	swe	Carina	properNoun	nor
Røen	properNoun	swe	Røen	properNoun	nor
Ryymin	properNoun	swe	Ryymin	properNoun	nor
KrF	properNoun	swe	KrF	properNoun	nor
Stina	properNoun	swe	Stina	properNoun	nor
Margrete	properNoun	swe	Margrete	properNoun	nor
Eidspjeld	properNoun	swe	Eidspjeld	properNoun	nor
Hovard	properNoun	swe	Hovard	properNoun	nor
Berny	properNoun	swe	Berny	properNoun	nor
Leifssen	properNoun	swe	Leifssen	properNoun	nor
Birjjágáddi	properNoun	swe	Birjjágáddi	properNoun	nor
Midtun	properNoun	swe	Midtun	properNoun	nor
Koponen	properNoun	swe	Koponen	properNoun	nor
Karo	properNoun	swe	Karo	properNoun	nor
Margreth	properNoun	swe	Margreth	properNoun	nor
Bekhterev	properNoun	swe	Bekhterev	properNoun	nor
Stine	properNoun	swe	Stine	properNoun	nor
Kopperå	properNoun	swe	Kopperå	properNoun	nor
Matikainen	properNoun	swe	Matikainen	properNoun	nor
Yassir	properNoun	swe	Yassir	properNoun	nor
Gabriel	properNoun	swe	Gabriel	properNoun	nor
Farstad	properNoun	swe	Farstad	properNoun	nor
Polojärvi	properNoun	swe	Polojärvi	properNoun	nor
Melberg	properNoun	swe	Melberg	properNoun	nor
Sibir	properNoun	swe	Sibir	properNoun	nor
Kars	properNoun	swe	Kars	properNoun	nor
Dagali	properNoun	swe	Dagali	properNoun	nor
Geophysical	properNoun	swe	Geophysical	properNoun	nor
Planteforsk	properNoun	swe	Planteforsk	properNoun	nor
Kart	properNoun	swe	Kart	properNoun	nor
Andøya	properNoun	swe	Andøya	properNoun	nor
Pöri	properNoun	swe	Pöri	properNoun	nor
Nordlit	properNoun	swe	Nordlit	properNoun	nor
Munkvold	properNoun	swe	Munkvold	properNoun	nor
Pygmalion	properNoun	swe	Pygmalion	properNoun	nor
Máhteleahki	properNoun	swe	Máhteleahki	properNoun	nor
Hyen	properNoun	swe	Hyen	properNoun	nor
Ann-Britt	properNoun	swe	Ann-Britt	properNoun	nor
Sommerseth	properNoun	swe	Sommerseth	properNoun	nor
Kurki	properNoun	swe	Kurki	properNoun	nor
Korch	properNoun	swe	Korch	properNoun	nor
Nova	properNoun	swe	Nova	properNoun	nor
Abadan	properNoun	swe	Abadan	properNoun	nor
Pappila	properNoun	swe	Pappila	properNoun	nor
Stuart	properNoun	swe	Stuart	properNoun	nor
Enokson	properNoun	swe	Enokson	properNoun	nor
Narvesson	properNoun	swe	Narvesson	properNoun	nor
Phom	properNoun	swe	Phom	properNoun	nor
Jošia	properNoun	swe	Jošia	properNoun	nor
Pippuri	properNoun	swe	Pippuri	properNoun	nor
Eikeland	properNoun	swe	Eikeland	properNoun	nor
Selkäinaho	properNoun	swe	Selkäinaho	properNoun	nor
Ruottu	properNoun	swe	Ruottu	properNoun	nor
Brækhus-Hærem	properNoun	swe	Brækhus-Hærem	properNoun	nor
Weinstock	properNoun	swe	Weinstock	properNoun	nor
Kurko	properNoun	swe	Kurko	properNoun	nor
Kjønstad	properNoun	swe	Kjønstad	properNoun	nor
Keränen	properNoun	swe	Keränen	properNoun	nor
Albrechtsen	properNoun	swe	Albrechtsen	properNoun	nor
Hong	properNoun	swe	Hong	properNoun	nor
Archie	properNoun	swe	Archie	properNoun	nor
Wisborg	properNoun	swe	Wisborg	properNoun	nor
Snefrid	properNoun	swe	Snefrid	properNoun	nor
Novi	properNoun	swe	Novi	properNoun	nor
Porsum	properNoun	swe	Porsum	properNoun	nor
Høgseth	properNoun	swe	Høgseth	properNoun	nor
Andrés	properNoun	swe	Andrés	properNoun	nor
Mayen	properNoun	swe	Mayen	properNoun	nor
Raiskio	properNoun	swe	Raiskio	properNoun	nor
Kurkinen	properNoun	swe	Kurkinen	properNoun	nor
Beahcenjunni	properNoun	swe	Beahcenjunni	properNoun	nor
Sacramento	properNoun	swe	Sacramento	properNoun	nor
Nesna	properNoun	swe	Nesna	properNoun	nor
Charlie	properNoun	swe	Charlie	properNoun	nor
Statens vegvesen	properNoun	swe	Statens vegvesen	properNoun	nor
Schilbred	properNoun	swe	Schilbred	properNoun	nor
Jošafat	properNoun	swe	Jošafat	properNoun	nor
Forth-Clyde-kanála	properNoun	swe	Forth-Clyde-kanála	properNoun	nor
Jelti	properNoun	swe	Jelti	properNoun	nor
Tommiska	properNoun	swe	Tommiska	properNoun	nor
Miikkulainen	properNoun	swe	Miikkulainen	properNoun	nor
Dánelvárri	properNoun	swe	Dánelvárri	properNoun	nor
Heaikkasuolu	properNoun	swe	Heaikkasuolu	properNoun	nor
Mosjøen	properNoun	swe	Mosjøen	properNoun	nor
Ågot	properNoun	swe	Ågot	properNoun	nor
Skår	properNoun	swe	Skår	properNoun	nor
Lätti	properNoun	swe	Lätti	properNoun	nor
Lajla	properNoun	swe	Lajla	properNoun	nor
Birehaš	properNoun	swe	Birehaš	properNoun	nor
Strandajohka	properNoun	swe	Strandajohka	properNoun	nor
Pesonen	properNoun	swe	Pesonen	properNoun	nor
Vinnes	properNoun	swe	Vinnes	properNoun	nor
Sjølyst	properNoun	swe	Sjølyst	properNoun	nor
Kansas	properNoun	swe	Kansas	properNoun	nor
Mejnertsen	properNoun	swe	Mejnertsen	properNoun	nor
Áššur	properNoun	swe	Áššur	properNoun	nor
Elverum	properNoun	swe	Elverum	properNoun	nor
AF	properNoun	swe	AF	properNoun	nor
Eidanger	properNoun	swe	Eidanger	properNoun	nor
Ráipás	properNoun	swe	Ráipás	properNoun	nor
Åsegarden	properNoun	swe	Åsegarden	properNoun	nor
Fosse	properNoun	swe	Fosse	properNoun	nor
Mertala	properNoun	swe	Mertala	properNoun	nor
Løvlie	properNoun	swe	Løvlie	properNoun	nor
Lødemel	properNoun	swe	Lødemel	properNoun	nor
Fiske	properNoun	swe	Fiske	properNoun	nor
Barfoed	properNoun	swe	Barfoed	properNoun	nor
Scheitlie	properNoun	swe	Scheitlie	properNoun	nor
Kekola	properNoun	swe	Kekola	properNoun	nor
Bergesson	properNoun	swe	Bergesson	properNoun	nor
Johánná	properNoun	swe	Johánná	properNoun	nor
Sioux	properNoun	swe	Sioux	properNoun	nor
Torbjørnssen	properNoun	swe	Torbjørnssen	properNoun	nor
Sveinson	properNoun	swe	Sveinson	properNoun	nor
Gjerstad	properNoun	swe	Gjerstad	properNoun	nor
Hardersen	properNoun	swe	Hardersen	properNoun	nor
Fornes	properNoun	swe	Fornes	properNoun	nor
Bodil	properNoun	swe	Bodil	properNoun	nor
Longerak	properNoun	swe	Longerak	properNoun	nor
Thomason	properNoun	swe	Thomason	properNoun	nor
Oveson	properNoun	swe	Oveson	properNoun	nor
Kuivamäki	properNoun	swe	Kuivamäki	properNoun	nor
Guddal	properNoun	swe	Guddal	properNoun	nor
Avaskari	properNoun	swe	Avaskari	properNoun	nor
Yorktown	properNoun	swe	Yorktown	properNoun	nor
V-Tyskland	properNoun	swe	V-Tyskland	properNoun	nor
Bodin	properNoun	swe	Bodin	properNoun	nor
Patala	properNoun	swe	Patala	properNoun	nor
Latomäki	properNoun	swe	Latomäki	properNoun	nor
Pearl	properNoun	swe	Pearl	properNoun	nor
Niiles-Máhte-njárga	properNoun	swe	Niiles-Máhte-njárga	properNoun	nor
Buvika	properNoun	swe	Buvika	properNoun	nor
Vigleik	properNoun	swe	Vigleik	properNoun	nor
Rimpiläinen	properNoun	swe	Rimpiläinen	properNoun	nor
Bossum	properNoun	swe	Bossum	properNoun	nor
Lássevárri	properNoun	swe	Lássevárri	properNoun	nor
Lieungh	properNoun	swe	Lieungh	properNoun	nor
Haarder	properNoun	swe	Haarder	properNoun	nor
Subaru	properNoun	swe	Subaru	properNoun	nor
Halvorsen	properNoun	swe	Halvorsen	properNoun	nor
Beor	properNoun	swe	Beor	properNoun	nor
Norum	properNoun	swe	Norum	properNoun	nor
Just	properNoun	swe	Just	properNoun	nor
Hoikka	properNoun	swe	Hoikka	properNoun	nor
Norun	properNoun	swe	Norun	properNoun	nor
Neagh	properNoun	swe	Neagh	properNoun	nor
Werenskiold	properNoun	swe	Werenskiold	properNoun	nor
Sattajärvi	properNoun	swe	Sattajärvi	properNoun	nor
Gaute	properNoun	swe	Gaute	properNoun	nor
Kenan	properNoun	swe	Kenan	properNoun	nor
Mejländer	properNoun	swe	Mejländer	properNoun	nor
Jorsalfar	properNoun	swe	Jorsalfar	properNoun	nor
Albertsson	properNoun	swe	Albertsson	properNoun	nor
Løchstøer	properNoun	swe	Løchstøer	properNoun	nor
Bitterstad	properNoun	swe	Bitterstad	properNoun	nor
Aletta	properNoun	swe	Aletta	properNoun	nor
Nyhuus	properNoun	swe	Nyhuus	properNoun	nor
Lerskallen	properNoun	swe	Lerskallen	properNoun	nor
Knuutila	properNoun	swe	Knuutila	properNoun	nor
Harmainen	properNoun	swe	Harmainen	properNoun	nor
Børmer	properNoun	swe	Børmer	properNoun	nor
Pietilä	properNoun	swe	Pietilä	properNoun	nor
Mariefred	properNoun	swe	Mariefred	properNoun	nor
Ryukyuøyene	properNoun	swe	Ryukyuøyene	properNoun	nor
Osnes	properNoun	swe	Osnes	properNoun	nor
Buttingsrud	properNoun	swe	Buttingsrud	properNoun	nor
Peary	properNoun	swe	Peary	properNoun	nor
Alette	properNoun	swe	Alette	properNoun	nor
Frygias	properNoun	swe	Frygias	properNoun	nor
Kankainen	properNoun	swe	Kankainen	properNoun	nor
Bergerssen	properNoun	swe	Bergerssen	properNoun	nor
Fjeldsted	properNoun	swe	Fjeldsted	properNoun	nor
Abbott	properNoun	swe	Abbott	properNoun	nor
Ravna	properNoun	swe	Ravna	properNoun	nor
Stepanakert	properNoun	swe	Stepanakert	properNoun	nor
Sicilia	properNoun	swe	Sicilia	properNoun	nor
Naustdal	properNoun	swe	Naustdal	properNoun	nor
Poole	properNoun	swe	Poole	properNoun	nor
Tanja	properNoun	swe	Tanja	properNoun	nor
Angelique	properNoun	swe	Angelique	properNoun	nor
Sudan	properNoun	swe	Sudan	properNoun	nor
Tøre	properNoun	swe	Tøre	properNoun	nor
Hamningsberg	properNoun	swe	Hamningsberg	properNoun	nor
Kvanne	properNoun	swe	Kvanne	properNoun	nor
Leipzig	properNoun	swe	Leipzig	properNoun	nor
Aanon	properNoun	swe	Aanon	properNoun	nor
Rinpoche	properNoun	swe	Rinpoche	properNoun	nor
Sunnylven	properNoun	swe	Sunnylven	properNoun	nor
OAU	properNoun	swe	OAU	properNoun	nor
Silas	properNoun	swe	Silas	properNoun	nor
Lilletun	properNoun	swe	Lilletun	properNoun	nor
Saiha	properNoun	swe	Saiha	properNoun	nor
Vauhkala	properNoun	swe	Vauhkala	properNoun	nor
Hietaranta	properNoun	swe	Hietaranta	properNoun	nor
Alstad	properNoun	swe	Alstad	properNoun	nor
Moxnes	properNoun	swe	Moxnes	properNoun	nor
Kumpu	properNoun	swe	Kumpu	properNoun	nor
Meinert	properNoun	swe	Meinert	properNoun	nor
Talonen	properNoun	swe	Talonen	properNoun	nor
Puolamäki	properNoun	swe	Puolamäki	properNoun	nor
Ai	properNoun	swe	Ai	properNoun	nor
Holdhus	properNoun	swe	Holdhus	properNoun	nor
Visborg	properNoun	swe	Visborg	properNoun	nor
Riikonen	properNoun	swe	Riikonen	properNoun	nor
Kungsör	properNoun	swe	Kungsör	properNoun	nor
Heitos	properNoun	swe	Heitos	properNoun	nor
Labe	properNoun	swe	Labe	properNoun	nor
Hiltunen	properNoun	swe	Hiltunen	properNoun	nor
Hietala	properNoun	swe	Hietala	properNoun	nor
Olise	properNoun	swe	Olise	properNoun	nor
Vähätiitto	properNoun	swe	Vähätiitto	properNoun	nor
Stålseth	properNoun	swe	Stålseth	properNoun	nor
Iller	properNoun	swe	Iller	properNoun	nor
Stålnacke	properNoun	swe	Stålnacke	properNoun	nor
Salmijärvi	properNoun	swe	Salmijärvi	properNoun	nor
Piironen	properNoun	swe	Piironen	properNoun	nor
Mustaniemi	properNoun	swe	Mustaniemi	properNoun	nor
Mussir	properNoun	swe	Mussir	properNoun	nor
Vellonen	properNoun	swe	Vellonen	properNoun	nor
Cooper	properNoun	swe	Cooper	properNoun	nor
Ristenrauna	properNoun	swe	Ristenrauna	properNoun	nor
Kontkanen	properNoun	swe	Kontkanen	properNoun	nor
Kokand	properNoun	swe	Kokand	properNoun	nor
Tupamäki	properNoun	swe	Tupamäki	properNoun	nor
Stovner	properNoun	swe	Stovner	properNoun	nor
Knutsson	properNoun	swe	Knutsson	properNoun	nor
Sarajevo	properNoun	swe	Sarajevo	properNoun	nor
Tatjana	properNoun	swe	Tatjana	properNoun	nor
Riihiluoma	properNoun	swe	Riihiluoma	properNoun	nor
Nordavis	properNoun	swe	Nordavis	properNoun	nor
Korjonen	properNoun	swe	Korjonen	properNoun	nor
Teigen	properNoun	swe	Teigen	properNoun	nor
Jackson	properNoun	swe	Jackson	properNoun	nor
Kirkerud	properNoun	swe	Kirkerud	properNoun	nor
Strong	properNoun	swe	Strong	properNoun	nor
Karjunen	properNoun	swe	Karjunen	properNoun	nor
Hood	properNoun	swe	Hood	properNoun	nor
Erikstad	properNoun	swe	Erikstad	properNoun	nor
Arkansas	properNoun	swe	Arkansas	properNoun	nor
Stålsett	properNoun	swe	Stålsett	properNoun	nor
Leegaard	properNoun	swe	Leegaard	properNoun	nor
Mähönen	properNoun	swe	Mähönen	properNoun	nor
Boge	properNoun	swe	Boge	properNoun	nor
Lemmájeaggi	properNoun	swe	Lemmájeaggi	properNoun	nor
Himmelfredsplassen	properNoun	swe	Himmelfredsplassen	properNoun	nor
Tollef	properNoun	swe	Tollef	properNoun	nor
Pohjavirta	properNoun	swe	Pohjavirta	properNoun	nor
Houge	properNoun	swe	Houge	properNoun	nor
Márttenjárga	properNoun	swe	Márttenjárga	properNoun	nor
Ansio	properNoun	swe	Ansio	properNoun	nor
Aanestad	properNoun	swe	Aanestad	properNoun	nor
Løtveit	properNoun	swe	Løtveit	properNoun	nor
Jousi	properNoun	swe	Jousi	properNoun	nor
Oscarsborg	properNoun	swe	Oscarsborg	properNoun	nor
Movssesnjárga	properNoun	swe	Movssesnjárga	properNoun	nor
Efron	properNoun	swe	Efron	properNoun	nor
Verpe	properNoun	swe	Verpe	properNoun	nor
Riihimäki	properNoun	swe	Riihimäki	properNoun	nor
Kaarstad	properNoun	swe	Kaarstad	properNoun	nor
Hartvigsen	properNoun	swe	Hartvigsen	properNoun	nor
Orthografix	properNoun	swe	Orthografix	properNoun	nor
Gaarder	properNoun	swe	Gaarder	properNoun	nor
Sjövall	properNoun	swe	Sjövall	properNoun	nor
Opseth	properNoun	swe	Opseth	properNoun	nor
Ledang	properNoun	swe	Ledang	properNoun	nor
Heinessøn	properNoun	swe	Heinessøn	properNoun	nor
Aralden	properNoun	swe	Aralden	properNoun	nor
Sande	properNoun	swe	Sande	properNoun	nor
RVO	properNoun	swe	RVO	properNoun	nor
Tuomainen	properNoun	swe	Tuomainen	properNoun	nor
Mäntyniemi	properNoun	swe	Mäntyniemi	properNoun	nor
Fossheim	properNoun	swe	Fossheim	properNoun	nor
Valen-Senstad	properNoun	swe	Valen-Senstad	properNoun	nor
Sara-aho	properNoun	swe	Sara-aho	properNoun	nor
Hoop	properNoun	swe	Hoop	properNoun	nor
Nikaia	properNoun	swe	Nikaia	properNoun	nor
Agip	properNoun	swe	Agip	properNoun	nor
Spansk	properNoun	swe	Spansk	properNoun	nor
Liverød	properNoun	swe	Liverød	properNoun	nor
Olufsson	properNoun	swe	Olufsson	properNoun	nor
Sjølander	properNoun	swe	Sjølander	properNoun	nor
Fürth	properNoun	swe	Fürth	properNoun	nor
Borgebeaskaávži	properNoun	swe	Borgebeaskaávži	properNoun	nor
Kuusniemi	properNoun	swe	Kuusniemi	properNoun	nor
Gudiksen	properNoun	swe	Gudiksen	properNoun	nor
Furuli	properNoun	swe	Furuli	properNoun	nor
Nittedal	properNoun	swe	Nittedal	properNoun	nor
Otto-automáhta	properNoun	swe	Otto-automáhta	properNoun	nor
Grøtting	properNoun	swe	Grøtting	properNoun	nor
Grove	properNoun	swe	Grove	properNoun	nor
Parantainen	properNoun	swe	Parantainen	properNoun	nor
Kivelä	properNoun	swe	Kivelä	properNoun	nor
Austevoll	properNoun	swe	Austevoll	properNoun	nor
Mäkitalo	properNoun	swe	Mäkitalo	properNoun	nor
Lyder	properNoun	swe	Lyder	properNoun	nor
Markku	properNoun	swe	Markku	properNoun	nor
Leila	properNoun	swe	Leila	properNoun	nor
Pošman	properNoun	swe	Pošman	properNoun	nor
Frederich	properNoun	swe	Frederich	properNoun	nor
Dagfin	properNoun	swe	Dagfin	properNoun	nor
Rautajoki	properNoun	swe	Rautajoki	properNoun	nor
Patama	properNoun	swe	Patama	properNoun	nor
Santiago	properNoun	swe	Santiago	properNoun	nor
Madras	properNoun	swe	Madras	properNoun	nor
Borregaard	properNoun	swe	Borregaard	properNoun	nor
Fladsrud	properNoun	swe	Fladsrud	properNoun	nor
Beahkáláttu	properNoun	swe	Beahkáláttu	properNoun	nor
Karsten	properNoun	swe	Karsten	properNoun	nor
Tallberg	properNoun	swe	Tallberg	properNoun	nor
Alec	properNoun	swe	Alec	properNoun	nor
Frederick	properNoun	swe	Frederick	properNoun	nor
Alberta	properNoun	swe	Alberta	properNoun	nor
Eidsvollsbygningen	properNoun	swe	Eidsvollsbygningen	properNoun	nor
Solja	properNoun	swe	Solja	properNoun	nor
Efraim	properNoun	swe	Efraim	properNoun	nor
Victoriajávri	properNoun	swe	Victoriajávri	properNoun	nor
Efrain	properNoun	swe	Efrain	properNoun	nor
Ansgar	properNoun	swe	Ansgar	properNoun	nor
Sandy	properNoun	swe	Sandy	properNoun	nor
Salonen	properNoun	swe	Salonen	properNoun	nor
Ingwersen	properNoun	swe	Ingwersen	properNoun	nor
Välitalo	properNoun	swe	Välitalo	properNoun	nor
Furuly	properNoun	swe	Furuly	properNoun	nor
Teudas	properNoun	swe	Teudas	properNoun	nor
Jean-marie	properNoun	swe	Jean-marie	properNoun	nor
Putkuri	properNoun	swe	Putkuri	properNoun	nor
Dolomittene	properNoun	swe	Dolomittene	properNoun	nor
Lumijärvi	properNoun	swe	Lumijärvi	properNoun	nor
Kirsilä	properNoun	swe	Kirsilä	properNoun	nor
Lehtola	properNoun	swe	Lehtola	properNoun	nor
Solbakken-Härkönen	properNoun	swe	Solbakken-Härkönen	properNoun	nor
Orjala	properNoun	swe	Orjala	properNoun	nor
Lystrup	properNoun	swe	Lystrup	properNoun	nor
Kuhmonen	properNoun	swe	Kuhmonen	properNoun	nor
Brusveen	properNoun	swe	Brusveen	properNoun	nor
Teittinen	properNoun	swe	Teittinen	properNoun	nor
Tanttu	properNoun	swe	Tanttu	properNoun	nor
Taattola	properNoun	swe	Taattola	properNoun	nor
Oivanen	properNoun	swe	Oivanen	properNoun	nor
Ánddeláttu	properNoun	swe	Ánddeláttu	properNoun	nor
Gwalior	properNoun	swe	Gwalior	properNoun	nor
Skáiggán-Ingá	properNoun	swe	Skáiggán-Ingá	properNoun	nor
Murberg	properNoun	swe	Murberg	properNoun	nor
Marttila	properNoun	swe	Marttila	properNoun	nor
Kårhus	properNoun	swe	Kårhus	properNoun	nor
Greaves	properNoun	swe	Greaves	properNoun	nor
Augias	properNoun	swe	Augias	properNoun	nor
Hægebostad	properNoun	swe	Hægebostad	properNoun	nor
Bergen-Belsen	properNoun	swe	Bergen-Belsen	properNoun	nor
Ihamäki	properNoun	swe	Ihamäki	properNoun	nor
Onsrud	properNoun	swe	Onsrud	properNoun	nor
Tarkkamaa	properNoun	swe	Tarkkamaa	properNoun	nor
Eteläaho	properNoun	swe	Eteläaho	properNoun	nor
Esso	properNoun	swe	Esso	properNoun	nor
Valenciennes	properNoun	swe	Valenciennes	properNoun	nor
Rauhanen	properNoun	swe	Rauhanen	properNoun	nor
Clausen	properNoun	swe	Clausen	properNoun	nor
Vääränen	properNoun	swe	Vääränen	properNoun	nor
Immanuel	properNoun	swe	Immanuel	properNoun	nor
Liisá	properNoun	swe	Liisá	properNoun	nor
Claude	properNoun	swe	Claude	properNoun	nor
Aanerud	properNoun	swe	Aanerud	properNoun	nor
Torbjørg	properNoun	swe	Torbjørg	properNoun	nor
Hegna	properNoun	swe	Hegna	properNoun	nor
Engelsrud	properNoun	swe	Engelsrud	properNoun	nor
Evelyn	properNoun	swe	Evelyn	properNoun	nor
Rouvari	properNoun	swe	Rouvari	properNoun	nor
Putulik	properNoun	swe	Putulik	properNoun	nor
Alex	properNoun	swe	Alex	properNoun	nor
Kate	properNoun	swe	Kate	properNoun	nor
Mostue	properNoun	swe	Mostue	properNoun	nor
Arminen	properNoun	swe	Arminen	properNoun	nor
Knuutinen	properNoun	swe	Knuutinen	properNoun	nor
Deutsche	properNoun	swe	Deutsche	properNoun	nor
Nagel	properNoun	swe	Nagel	properNoun	nor
Holmbäck	properNoun	swe	Holmbäck	properNoun	nor
Brodin	properNoun	swe	Brodin	properNoun	nor
Lisa	properNoun	swe	Lisa	properNoun	nor
Ándarjávri	properNoun	swe	Ándarjávri	properNoun	nor
Söder	properNoun	swe	Söder	properNoun	nor
Saint-Martin	properNoun	swe	Saint-Martin	properNoun	nor
Torbjørn	properNoun	swe	Torbjørn	properNoun	nor
Kati	properNoun	swe	Kati	properNoun	nor
Otterbech	properNoun	swe	Otterbech	properNoun	nor
Herodes	properNoun	swe	Herodes	properNoun	nor
Fiji	properNoun	swe	Fiji	properNoun	nor
Lise	properNoun	swe	Lise	properNoun	nor
Otterbeck	properNoun	swe	Otterbeck	properNoun	nor
Koivuperä	properNoun	swe	Koivuperä	properNoun	nor
Norman	properNoun	swe	Norman	properNoun	nor
Mielonen	properNoun	swe	Mielonen	properNoun	nor
Kato	properNoun	swe	Kato	properNoun	nor
Svebæk	properNoun	swe	Svebæk	properNoun	nor
Piene	properNoun	swe	Piene	properNoun	nor
Callisen	properNoun	swe	Callisen	properNoun	nor
Niilaeatnu	properNoun	swe	Niilaeatnu	properNoun	nor
Korea	properNoun	swe	Korea	properNoun	nor
Dobloug	properNoun	swe	Dobloug	properNoun	nor
Deinboll	properNoun	swe	Deinboll	properNoun	nor
Kisten	properNoun	swe	Kisten	properNoun	nor
Brasov	properNoun	swe	Brasov	properNoun	nor
Kielkanalen	properNoun	swe	Kielkanalen	properNoun	nor
Korpilahti	properNoun	swe	Korpilahti	properNoun	nor
Fjelde	properNoun	swe	Fjelde	properNoun	nor
Bratsberg	properNoun	swe	Bratsberg	properNoun	nor
Ballmer	properNoun	swe	Ballmer	properNoun	nor
Bangkok	properNoun	swe	Bangkok	properNoun	nor
Siim	properNoun	swe	Siim	properNoun	nor
Jefsen	properNoun	swe	Jefsen	properNoun	nor
Biejaš	properNoun	swe	Biejaš	properNoun	nor
Donna	properNoun	swe	Donna	properNoun	nor
Jerusalem	properNoun	swe	Jerusalem	properNoun	nor
Palma	properNoun	swe	Palma	properNoun	nor
Moslet	properNoun	swe	Moslet	properNoun	nor
Aaiún	properNoun	swe	Aaiún	properNoun	nor
Partanen	properNoun	swe	Partanen	properNoun	nor
Jagland	properNoun	swe	Jagland	properNoun	nor
Liss	properNoun	swe	Liss	properNoun	nor
Ramakrishna	properNoun	swe	Ramakrishna	properNoun	nor
Narveson	properNoun	swe	Narveson	properNoun	nor
Palme	properNoun	swe	Palme	properNoun	nor
Sværen	properNoun	swe	Sværen	properNoun	nor
Pekka	properNoun	swe	Pekka	properNoun	nor
Hope	properNoun	swe	Hope	properNoun	nor
Urfjell	properNoun	swe	Urfjell	properNoun	nor
Koren	properNoun	swe	Koren	properNoun	nor
Sigga	properNoun	swe	Sigga	properNoun	nor
Niskasaari	properNoun	swe	Niskasaari	properNoun	nor
Sabrina	properNoun	swe	Sabrina	properNoun	nor
Lásseroavveája	properNoun	swe	Lásseroavveája	properNoun	nor
Anne-marie	properNoun	swe	Anne-marie	properNoun	nor
Piikkilä	properNoun	swe	Piikkilä	properNoun	nor
Lesonen	properNoun	swe	Lesonen	properNoun	nor
Tubal-Kain	properNoun	swe	Tubal-Kain	properNoun	nor
Svelvik	properNoun	swe	Svelvik	properNoun	nor
Godøy	properNoun	swe	Godøy	properNoun	nor
Babylon	properNoun	swe	Babylon	properNoun	nor
Kamerun	properNoun	swe	Kamerun	properNoun	nor
Pekki	properNoun	swe	Pekki	properNoun	nor
Penicillamin	properNoun	swe	Penicillamin	properNoun	nor
Fitzwater	properNoun	swe	Fitzwater	properNoun	nor
Kálle	properNoun	swe	Kálle	properNoun	nor
Kammonen	properNoun	swe	Kammonen	properNoun	nor
Fuglesang	properNoun	swe	Fuglesang	properNoun	nor
Magalhães	properNoun	swe	Magalhães	properNoun	nor
Hopp	properNoun	swe	Hopp	properNoun	nor
Wolcott	properNoun	swe	Wolcott	properNoun	nor
Kalliomäki	properNoun	swe	Kalliomäki	properNoun	nor
Fintoft	properNoun	swe	Fintoft	properNoun	nor
Herøya	properNoun	swe	Herøya	properNoun	nor
Bohr	properNoun	swe	Bohr	properNoun	nor
Tyinkrysset	properNoun	swe	Tyinkrysset	properNoun	nor
Værøy	properNoun	swe	Værøy	properNoun	nor
Iverssen	properNoun	swe	Iverssen	properNoun	nor
Midt-Vesten	properNoun	swe	Midt-Vesten	properNoun	nor
Terek	properNoun	swe	Terek	properNoun	nor
Sommerschieldt	properNoun	swe	Sommerschieldt	properNoun	nor
Seglvik	properNoun	swe	Seglvik	properNoun	nor
Palmu	properNoun	swe	Palmu	properNoun	nor
Luytkis	properNoun	swe	Luytkis	properNoun	nor
Aakula	properNoun	swe	Aakula	properNoun	nor
Gestapo	properNoun	swe	Gestapo	properNoun	nor
Nordsletta	properNoun	swe	Nordsletta	properNoun	nor
Sánchez	properNoun	swe	Sánchez	properNoun	nor
Sankilampi	properNoun	swe	Sankilampi	properNoun	nor
Lyttinen	properNoun	swe	Lyttinen	properNoun	nor
Korkiakoski	properNoun	swe	Korkiakoski	properNoun	nor
Holmsnes	properNoun	swe	Holmsnes	properNoun	nor
Bekkestua	properNoun	swe	Bekkestua	properNoun	nor
Dezjnov	properNoun	swe	Dezjnov	properNoun	nor
Endresen	properNoun	swe	Endresen	properNoun	nor
Jefferson	properNoun	swe	Jefferson	properNoun	nor
Trosten	properNoun	swe	Trosten	properNoun	nor
Halttunen	properNoun	swe	Halttunen	properNoun	nor
Ludvigson	properNoun	swe	Ludvigson	properNoun	nor
Rolex	properNoun	swe	Rolex	properNoun	nor
Eränen	properNoun	swe	Eränen	properNoun	nor
Juul	properNoun	swe	Juul	properNoun	nor
Erola	properNoun	swe	Erola	properNoun	nor
Husnes	properNoun	swe	Husnes	properNoun	nor
Trulsen	properNoun	swe	Trulsen	properNoun	nor
Barlindhaug	properNoun	swe	Barlindhaug	properNoun	nor
Ethel	properNoun	swe	Ethel	properNoun	nor
Schmidt	properNoun	swe	Schmidt	properNoun	nor
Eidskog	properNoun	swe	Eidskog	properNoun	nor
Robertsson	properNoun	swe	Robertsson	properNoun	nor
Hintsala	properNoun	swe	Hintsala	properNoun	nor
Alfa	properNoun	swe	Alfa	properNoun	nor
Access	properNoun	swe	Access	properNoun	nor
Murphy	properNoun	swe	Murphy	properNoun	nor
Vuorio	properNoun	swe	Vuorio	properNoun	nor
Veel	properNoun	swe	Veel	properNoun	nor
Vahvanen	properNoun	swe	Vahvanen	properNoun	nor
Áilluhaš	properNoun	swe	Áilluhaš	properNoun	nor
Heigen	properNoun	swe	Heigen	properNoun	nor
Johansson	properNoun	swe	Johansson	properNoun	nor
Mørkved	properNoun	swe	Mørkved	properNoun	nor
Jantzen	properNoun	swe	Jantzen	properNoun	nor
Västilä	properNoun	swe	Västilä	properNoun	nor
Lindahl	properNoun	swe	Lindahl	properNoun	nor
Sigleif	properNoun	swe	Sigleif	properNoun	nor
Braaten	properNoun	swe	Braaten	properNoun	nor
Gysler	properNoun	swe	Gysler	properNoun	nor
Dominikus	properNoun	swe	Dominikus	properNoun	nor
Renmælmo	properNoun	swe	Renmælmo	properNoun	nor
Brattli	properNoun	swe	Brattli	properNoun	nor
Mimmi	properNoun	swe	Mimmi	properNoun	nor
Johannessen	properNoun	swe	Johannessen	properNoun	nor
Tom-Erik	properNoun	swe	Tom-Erik	properNoun	nor
Aarstad	properNoun	swe	Aarstad	properNoun	nor
Torstensson	properNoun	swe	Torstensson	properNoun	nor
Flesberg	properNoun	swe	Flesberg	properNoun	nor
Helberg	properNoun	swe	Helberg	properNoun	nor
Kontiainen	properNoun	swe	Kontiainen	properNoun	nor
Francesco	properNoun	swe	Francesco	properNoun	nor
Jullum	properNoun	swe	Jullum	properNoun	nor
Wennberg	properNoun	swe	Wennberg	properNoun	nor
Pohjanraito	properNoun	swe	Pohjanraito	properNoun	nor
Talita	properNoun	swe	Talita	properNoun	nor
Matias	properNoun	swe	Matias	properNoun	nor
Øverby	properNoun	swe	Øverby	properNoun	nor
Ruggaard	properNoun	swe	Ruggaard	properNoun	nor
Aslaksson	properNoun	swe	Aslaksson	properNoun	nor
Kathrin	properNoun	swe	Kathrin	properNoun	nor
Parhiala	properNoun	swe	Parhiala	properNoun	nor
Tarald	properNoun	swe	Tarald	properNoun	nor
Rochev	properNoun	swe	Rochev	properNoun	nor
Paavilainen	properNoun	swe	Paavilainen	properNoun	nor
Leimu	properNoun	swe	Leimu	properNoun	nor
Evensson	properNoun	swe	Evensson	properNoun	nor
Parikka	properNoun	swe	Parikka	properNoun	nor
Melleris	properNoun	swe	Melleris	properNoun	nor
Kirjavainen	properNoun	swe	Kirjavainen	properNoun	nor
Holler	properNoun	swe	Holler	properNoun	nor
Palonen	properNoun	swe	Palonen	properNoun	nor
Piontek	properNoun	swe	Piontek	properNoun	nor
Grängesberg	properNoun	swe	Grängesberg	properNoun	nor
Baunsbak	properNoun	swe	Baunsbak	properNoun	nor
Rochez	properNoun	swe	Rochez	properNoun	nor
Kyösti	properNoun	swe	Kyösti	properNoun	nor
Barstad	properNoun	swe	Barstad	properNoun	nor
Saija	properNoun	swe	Saija	properNoun	nor
Eidsvåg	properNoun	swe	Eidsvåg	properNoun	nor
Tottenham	properNoun	swe	Tottenham	properNoun	nor
Kiuru	properNoun	swe	Kiuru	properNoun	nor
Latvalehto	properNoun	swe	Latvalehto	properNoun	nor
Bauker	properNoun	swe	Bauker	properNoun	nor
Bandolowski	properNoun	swe	Bandolowski	properNoun	nor
Theatre	properNoun	swe	Theatre	properNoun	nor
Palojärvi	properNoun	swe	Palojärvi	properNoun	nor
Bjørst	properNoun	swe	Bjørst	properNoun	nor
Beaconsfield	properNoun	swe	Beaconsfield	properNoun	nor
Kinahavet	properNoun	swe	Kinahavet	properNoun	nor
Rankinen	properNoun	swe	Rankinen	properNoun	nor
Nervei	properNoun	swe	Nervei	properNoun	nor
Høybakken	properNoun	swe	Høybakken	properNoun	nor
Lada	properNoun	swe	Lada	properNoun	nor
Øtken	properNoun	swe	Øtken	properNoun	nor
Nuutila	properNoun	swe	Nuutila	properNoun	nor
Thommasen	properNoun	swe	Thommasen	properNoun	nor
Kesonen	properNoun	swe	Kesonen	properNoun	nor
Reymert	properNoun	swe	Reymert	properNoun	nor
Driton	properNoun	swe	Driton	properNoun	nor
Kalijärvi	properNoun	swe	Kalijärvi	properNoun	nor
Thorbjørnson	properNoun	swe	Thorbjørnson	properNoun	nor
Salome	properNoun	swe	Salome	properNoun	nor
Mesnali	properNoun	swe	Mesnali	properNoun	nor
Känkänen	properNoun	swe	Känkänen	properNoun	nor
Hegon	properNoun	swe	Hegon	properNoun	nor
Rupert	properNoun	swe	Rupert	properNoun	nor
Sørhus	properNoun	swe	Sørhus	properNoun	nor
Kaur	properNoun	swe	Kaur	properNoun	nor
Jevne	properNoun	swe	Jevne	properNoun	nor
Ikkala	properNoun	swe	Ikkala	properNoun	nor
Høsøien	properNoun	swe	Høsøien	properNoun	nor
Pavel	properNoun	swe	Pavel	properNoun	nor
Tingvang	properNoun	swe	Tingvang	properNoun	nor
Swepston	properNoun	swe	Swepston	properNoun	nor
Stenstad	properNoun	swe	Stenstad	properNoun	nor
Mabel	properNoun	swe	Mabel	properNoun	nor
Prix	properNoun	swe	Prix	properNoun	nor
Dommá	properNoun	swe	Dommá	properNoun	nor
Lenin	properNoun	swe	Lenin	properNoun	nor
Leppäjärvi	properNoun	swe	Leppäjärvi	properNoun	nor
Hanttu	properNoun	swe	Hanttu	properNoun	nor
Katajamäki	properNoun	swe	Katajamäki	properNoun	nor
Haarahiltunen	properNoun	swe	Haarahiltunen	properNoun	nor
Fyn	properNoun	swe	Fyn	properNoun	nor
Hillested	properNoun	swe	Hillested	properNoun	nor
Habberstad	properNoun	swe	Habberstad	properNoun	nor
Salomo	properNoun	swe	Salomo	properNoun	nor
Eugene	properNoun	swe	Eugene	properNoun	nor
Julian	properNoun	swe	Julian	properNoun	nor
Tellefsson	properNoun	swe	Tellefsson	properNoun	nor
Lautamäki	properNoun	swe	Lautamäki	properNoun	nor
Nord-Odal	properNoun	swe	Nord-Odal	properNoun	nor
Vyyryläinen	properNoun	swe	Vyyryläinen	properNoun	nor
Absalom	properNoun	swe	Absalom	properNoun	nor
Åslaug	properNoun	swe	Åslaug	properNoun	nor
Rogaland	properNoun	swe	Rogaland	properNoun	nor
Lenkkeri	properNoun	swe	Lenkkeri	properNoun	nor
Eubulos	properNoun	swe	Eubulos	properNoun	nor
Absalon	properNoun	swe	Absalon	properNoun	nor
Ulf	properNoun	swe	Ulf	properNoun	nor
Natri	properNoun	swe	Natri	properNoun	nor
Jessen	properNoun	swe	Jessen	properNoun	nor
Garbo	properNoun	swe	Garbo	properNoun	nor
Julias	properNoun	swe	Julias	properNoun	nor
Ruikkajávri	properNoun	swe	Ruikkajávri	properNoun	nor
Kakkinen	properNoun	swe	Kakkinen	properNoun	nor
Huddersfield	properNoun	swe	Huddersfield	properNoun	nor
Hassan	properNoun	swe	Hassan	properNoun	nor
Audny	properNoun	swe	Audny	properNoun	nor
Haugerud	properNoun	swe	Haugerud	properNoun	nor
Anita	properNoun	swe	Anita	properNoun	nor
Holmberg	properNoun	swe	Holmberg	properNoun	nor
Patrick	properNoun	swe	Patrick	properNoun	nor
Yanaeatnogáddi	properNoun	swe	Yanaeatnogáddi	properNoun	nor
Korfu	properNoun	swe	Korfu	properNoun	nor
Persbrandt	properNoun	swe	Persbrandt	properNoun	nor
Guifen	properNoun	swe	Guifen	properNoun	nor
Ansku	properNoun	swe	Ansku	properNoun	nor
Kjellson	properNoun	swe	Kjellson	properNoun	nor
Raja-aho	properNoun	swe	Raja-aho	properNoun	nor
Danubius	properNoun	swe	Danubius	properNoun	nor
Martinussen	properNoun	swe	Martinussen	properNoun	nor
Huberg	properNoun	swe	Huberg	properNoun	nor
Heikkilä	properNoun	swe	Heikkilä	properNoun	nor
Brede	properNoun	swe	Brede	properNoun	nor
Tomter	properNoun	swe	Tomter	properNoun	nor
Mertanen	properNoun	swe	Mertanen	properNoun	nor
Loukonen	properNoun	swe	Loukonen	properNoun	nor
Slåtten	properNoun	swe	Slåtten	properNoun	nor
Kyllingstad	properNoun	swe	Kyllingstad	properNoun	nor
Grødem	properNoun	swe	Grødem	properNoun	nor
Tycho	properNoun	swe	Tycho	properNoun	nor
Bierril	properNoun	swe	Bierril	properNoun	nor
Skutnabb-Kangas	properNoun	swe	Skutnabb-Kangas	properNoun	nor
Haraway	properNoun	swe	Haraway	properNoun	nor
Borgund	properNoun	swe	Borgund	properNoun	nor
Jovnna	properNoun	swe	Jovnna	properNoun	nor
Polynesia	properNoun	swe	Polynesia	properNoun	nor
Berg	properNoun	swe	Berg	properNoun	nor
NBLNorsk	properNoun	swe	NBLNorsk	properNoun	nor
Foshaug	properNoun	swe	Foshaug	properNoun	nor
Hinrich	properNoun	swe	Hinrich	properNoun	nor
Tangstad	properNoun	swe	Tangstad	properNoun	nor
Mekjan	properNoun	swe	Mekjan	properNoun	nor
Helverschou	properNoun	swe	Helverschou	properNoun	nor
Fortuna	properNoun	swe	Fortuna	properNoun	nor
Bredo	properNoun	swe	Bredo	properNoun	nor
Bilto	properNoun	swe	Bilto	properNoun	nor
Josefa	properNoun	swe	Josefa	properNoun	nor
Sundaøyene	properNoun	swe	Sundaøyene	properNoun	nor
Norwegian	properNoun	swe	Norwegian	properNoun	nor
Bern	properNoun	swe	Bern	properNoun	nor
Okkola	properNoun	swe	Okkola	properNoun	nor
Fefelov	properNoun	swe	Fefelov	properNoun	nor
Angela	properNoun	swe	Angela	properNoun	nor
Victor	properNoun	swe	Victor	properNoun	nor
Sakharov	properNoun	swe	Sakharov	properNoun	nor
Leine	properNoun	swe	Leine	properNoun	nor
Fielsted	properNoun	swe	Fielsted	properNoun	nor
Gangåssæther	properNoun	swe	Gangåssæther	properNoun	nor
Silda	properNoun	swe	Silda	properNoun	nor
Goldschmidt	properNoun	swe	Goldschmidt	properNoun	nor
Jan-Tore	properNoun	swe	Jan-Tore	properNoun	nor
Andreas	properNoun	swe	Andreas	properNoun	nor
Killingland	properNoun	swe	Killingland	properNoun	nor
Sadok	properNoun	swe	Sadok	properNoun	nor
Eyling	properNoun	swe	Eyling	properNoun	nor
Makkabeus	properNoun	swe	Makkabeus	properNoun	nor
Bert	properNoun	swe	Bert	properNoun	nor
Conrad	properNoun	swe	Conrad	properNoun	nor
Enoksson	properNoun	swe	Enoksson	properNoun	nor
Irskesjøen	properNoun	swe	Irskesjøen	properNoun	nor
Budtz	properNoun	swe	Budtz	properNoun	nor
Solli	properNoun	swe	Solli	properNoun	nor
Sinivaara	properNoun	swe	Sinivaara	properNoun	nor
Blichfeldt	properNoun	swe	Blichfeldt	properNoun	nor
Berre	properNoun	swe	Berre	properNoun	nor
Jurij	properNoun	swe	Jurij	properNoun	nor
Leino	properNoun	swe	Leino	properNoun	nor
Hursti	properNoun	swe	Hursti	properNoun	nor
Angell	properNoun	swe	Angell	properNoun	nor
Sylvia	properNoun	swe	Sylvia	properNoun	nor
Perunka	properNoun	swe	Perunka	properNoun	nor
Baala	properNoun	swe	Baala	properNoun	nor
Kim-Rune	properNoun	swe	Kim-Rune	properNoun	nor
Lustig	properNoun	swe	Lustig	properNoun	nor
Angeln	properNoun	swe	Angeln	properNoun	nor
Nørre	properNoun	swe	Nørre	properNoun	nor
Fantomet	properNoun	swe	Fantomet	properNoun	nor
Mironova	properNoun	swe	Mironova	properNoun	nor
Grinde	properNoun	swe	Grinde	properNoun	nor
Einmo	properNoun	swe	Einmo	properNoun	nor
Joram	properNoun	swe	Joram	properNoun	nor
Eliasnjárga	properNoun	swe	Eliasnjárga	properNoun	nor
Mullonen	properNoun	swe	Mullonen	properNoun	nor
Sollo	properNoun	swe	Sollo	properNoun	nor
Pratt	properNoun	swe	Pratt	properNoun	nor
Becker	properNoun	swe	Becker	properNoun	nor
Speedy	properNoun	swe	Speedy	properNoun	nor
Elene	properNoun	swe	Elene	properNoun	nor
Smøla	properNoun	swe	Smøla	properNoun	nor
Ravnastua	properNoun	swe	Ravnastua	properNoun	nor
Herman	properNoun	swe	Herman	properNoun	nor
Márgget-Ellejávri	properNoun	swe	Márgget-Ellejávri	properNoun	nor
Sverige	properNoun	swe	Sverige	properNoun	nor
Ørebech	properNoun	swe	Ørebech	properNoun	nor
Salomäki	properNoun	swe	Salomäki	properNoun	nor
Aabenraa	properNoun	swe	Aabenraa	properNoun	nor
Berntzen	properNoun	swe	Berntzen	properNoun	nor
Hag	properNoun	swe	Hag	properNoun	nor
Eleviina	properNoun	swe	Eleviina	properNoun	nor
Ørebeck	properNoun	swe	Ørebeck	properNoun	nor
Sulasalmi	properNoun	swe	Sulasalmi	properNoun	nor
Faarlund	properNoun	swe	Faarlund	properNoun	nor
Mirja	properNoun	swe	Mirja	properNoun	nor
Northern	properNoun	swe	Northern	properNoun	nor
Tunheim	properNoun	swe	Tunheim	properNoun	nor
Serah	properNoun	swe	Serah	properNoun	nor
Milwaukee	properNoun	swe	Milwaukee	properNoun	nor
Laelius	properNoun	swe	Laelius	properNoun	nor
Haakonsen	properNoun	swe	Haakonsen	properNoun	nor
Oliva	properNoun	swe	Oliva	properNoun	nor
Tovik	properNoun	swe	Tovik	properNoun	nor
Peltomaa	properNoun	swe	Peltomaa	properNoun	nor
Garthus	properNoun	swe	Garthus	properNoun	nor
Berry	properNoun	swe	Berry	properNoun	nor
Richmond	properNoun	swe	Richmond	properNoun	nor
Hygea	properNoun	swe	Hygea	properNoun	nor
Erstad	properNoun	swe	Erstad	properNoun	nor
Luikku	properNoun	swe	Luikku	properNoun	nor
Honorius	properNoun	swe	Honorius	properNoun	nor
Seram	properNoun	swe	Seram	properNoun	nor
Scipio	properNoun	swe	Scipio	properNoun	nor
Suezbukta	properNoun	swe	Suezbukta	properNoun	nor
Teronen	properNoun	swe	Teronen	properNoun	nor
Hammervold	properNoun	swe	Hammervold	properNoun	nor
Floke	properNoun	swe	Floke	properNoun	nor
Olive	properNoun	swe	Olive	properNoun	nor
Sviggum	properNoun	swe	Sviggum	properNoun	nor
Michoacán	properNoun	swe	Michoacán	properNoun	nor
Dr	properNoun	swe	Dr	properNoun	nor
Bygland	properNoun	swe	Bygland	properNoun	nor
Finse	properNoun	swe	Finse	properNoun	nor
Warren	properNoun	swe	Warren	properNoun	nor
Kweichow	properNoun	swe	Kweichow	properNoun	nor
Geboe	properNoun	swe	Geboe	properNoun	nor
Lium	properNoun	swe	Lium	properNoun	nor
Mággádievvá	properNoun	swe	Mággádievvá	properNoun	nor
Honerød	properNoun	swe	Honerød	properNoun	nor
Brubeck	properNoun	swe	Brubeck	properNoun	nor
Meavki-Arvenjárga	properNoun	swe	Meavki-Arvenjárga	properNoun	nor
Ramn	properNoun	swe	Ramn	properNoun	nor
Hay	properNoun	swe	Hay	properNoun	nor
Finsk	properNoun	swe	Finsk	properNoun	nor
Uma	properNoun	swe	Uma	properNoun	nor
Sommershild	properNoun	swe	Sommershild	properNoun	nor
Parpala	properNoun	swe	Parpala	properNoun	nor
Vakkilainen	properNoun	swe	Vakkilainen	properNoun	nor
Urtegård	properNoun	swe	Urtegård	properNoun	nor
Hygen	properNoun	swe	Hygen	properNoun	nor
Harala	properNoun	swe	Harala	properNoun	nor
Espensen	properNoun	swe	Espensen	properNoun	nor
Lius	properNoun	swe	Lius	properNoun	nor
Nuorta-Finnmárku	properNoun	swe	Nuorta-Finnmárku	properNoun	nor
Nøttveit	properNoun	swe	Nøttveit	properNoun	nor
Bonde	properNoun	swe	Bonde	properNoun	nor
Bienne	properNoun	swe	Bienne	properNoun	nor
Thorvald	properNoun	swe	Thorvald	properNoun	nor
Karmøy	properNoun	swe	Karmøy	properNoun	nor
Frost	properNoun	swe	Frost	properNoun	nor
Harald	properNoun	swe	Harald	properNoun	nor
Hjelledalen	properNoun	swe	Hjelledalen	properNoun	nor
Hella	properNoun	swe	Hella	properNoun	nor
Servisystem	properNoun	swe	Servisystem	properNoun	nor
Verpet	properNoun	swe	Verpet	properNoun	nor
Pirskanen	properNoun	swe	Pirskanen	properNoun	nor
Bjørnsen	properNoun	swe	Bjørnsen	properNoun	nor
Helle	properNoun	swe	Helle	properNoun	nor
Suokko	properNoun	swe	Suokko	properNoun	nor
Hotokka	properNoun	swe	Hotokka	properNoun	nor
Horn	properNoun	swe	Horn	properNoun	nor
Sammul	properNoun	swe	Sammul	properNoun	nor
Sneisen	properNoun	swe	Sneisen	properNoun	nor
Parkkila	properNoun	swe	Parkkila	properNoun	nor
Luttinen	properNoun	swe	Luttinen	properNoun	nor
Højriis	properNoun	swe	Højriis	properNoun	nor
Frostadiggeláhka	properNoun	swe	Frostadiggeláhka	properNoun	nor
Robertson	properNoun	swe	Robertson	properNoun	nor
Schreuder	properNoun	swe	Schreuder	properNoun	nor
Kleinsorg	properNoun	swe	Kleinsorg	properNoun	nor
Vollman	properNoun	swe	Vollman	properNoun	nor
Raasakka	properNoun	swe	Raasakka	properNoun	nor
Merivirta	properNoun	swe	Merivirta	properNoun	nor
Jylli	properNoun	swe	Jylli	properNoun	nor
Finneid	properNoun	swe	Finneid	properNoun	nor
Charleroi	properNoun	swe	Charleroi	properNoun	nor
Bremnes	properNoun	swe	Bremnes	properNoun	nor
Varteig	properNoun	swe	Varteig	properNoun	nor
Tennes	properNoun	swe	Tennes	properNoun	nor
Lihtonen	properNoun	swe	Lihtonen	properNoun	nor
Tiensuu	properNoun	swe	Tiensuu	properNoun	nor
Piilola	properNoun	swe	Piilola	properNoun	nor
Vega	properNoun	swe	Vega	properNoun	nor
Sør-Bokn	properNoun	swe	Sør-Bokn	properNoun	nor
Inn-Trøndelag	properNoun	swe	Inn-Trøndelag	properNoun	nor
EF	properNoun	swe	EF	properNoun	nor
Vuohelainen	properNoun	swe	Vuohelainen	properNoun	nor
Seikkula	properNoun	swe	Seikkula	properNoun	nor
Mäkynen	properNoun	swe	Mäkynen	properNoun	nor
Flett	properNoun	swe	Flett	properNoun	nor
Berven	properNoun	swe	Berven	properNoun	nor
Jehova	properNoun	swe	Jehova	properNoun	nor
Preuss	properNoun	swe	Preuss	properNoun	nor
Kirjonen	properNoun	swe	Kirjonen	properNoun	nor
Fergana	properNoun	swe	Fergana	properNoun	nor
Hildá	properNoun	swe	Hildá	properNoun	nor
Weinberger	properNoun	swe	Weinberger	properNoun	nor
Dyrseth	properNoun	swe	Dyrseth	properNoun	nor
Karianne	properNoun	swe	Karianne	properNoun	nor
Nurmisto	properNoun	swe	Nurmisto	properNoun	nor
Jan-Ove	properNoun	swe	Jan-Ove	properNoun	nor
Nordskag	properNoun	swe	Nordskag	properNoun	nor
Teitto	properNoun	swe	Teitto	properNoun	nor
Romanov	properNoun	swe	Romanov	properNoun	nor
Eckersberg	properNoun	swe	Eckersberg	properNoun	nor
Suovanen	properNoun	swe	Suovanen	properNoun	nor
Paksuniemi	properNoun	swe	Paksuniemi	properNoun	nor
Knærød	properNoun	swe	Knærød	properNoun	nor
Frederik	properNoun	swe	Frederik	properNoun	nor
Tver	properNoun	swe	Tver	properNoun	nor
Kongen	properNoun	swe	Kongen	properNoun	nor
Bierrán	properNoun	swe	Bierrán	properNoun	nor
Helly	properNoun	swe	Helly	properNoun	nor
Salkunen	properNoun	swe	Salkunen	properNoun	nor
Supatra	properNoun	swe	Supatra	properNoun	nor
Laodikeas	properNoun	swe	Laodikeas	properNoun	nor
Hausberg	properNoun	swe	Hausberg	properNoun	nor
Ølve	properNoun	swe	Ølve	properNoun	nor
Jemtland	properNoun	swe	Jemtland	properNoun	nor
Viholainen	properNoun	swe	Viholainen	properNoun	nor
Best	properNoun	swe	Best	properNoun	nor
EU	properNoun	swe	EU	properNoun	nor
Mjøsbygdene	properNoun	swe	Mjøsbygdene	properNoun	nor
Vierimaa	properNoun	swe	Vierimaa	properNoun	nor
Ann-Hege	properNoun	swe	Ann-Hege	properNoun	nor
Northumbria	properNoun	swe	Northumbria	properNoun	nor
Thatcher	properNoun	swe	Thatcher	properNoun	nor
Amsterdam	properNoun	swe	Amsterdam	properNoun	nor
Nordstrand	properNoun	swe	Nordstrand	properNoun	nor
Patteri	properNoun	swe	Patteri	properNoun	nor
Asbjørnsen	properNoun	swe	Asbjørnsen	properNoun	nor
Sahanen	properNoun	swe	Sahanen	properNoun	nor
Bjønnes	properNoun	swe	Bjønnes	properNoun	nor
Larikka	properNoun	swe	Larikka	properNoun	nor
United	properNoun	swe	United	properNoun	nor
Brovst	properNoun	swe	Brovst	properNoun	nor
Alho	properNoun	swe	Alho	properNoun	nor
Ellán	properNoun	swe	Ellán	properNoun	nor
Yli-Riesto	properNoun	swe	Yli-Riesto	properNoun	nor
Parkkinen	properNoun	swe	Parkkinen	properNoun	nor
Bechterew	properNoun	swe	Bechterew	properNoun	nor
Stakys	properNoun	swe	Stakys	properNoun	nor
Rannisto	properNoun	swe	Rannisto	properNoun	nor
Piippo	properNoun	swe	Piippo	properNoun	nor
Kirkevold	properNoun	swe	Kirkevold	properNoun	nor
Kjemprud	properNoun	swe	Kjemprud	properNoun	nor
Halvdan	properNoun	swe	Halvdan	properNoun	nor
Tanna	properNoun	swe	Tanna	properNoun	nor
Krogsgaard	properNoun	swe	Krogsgaard	properNoun	nor
Odysse	properNoun	swe	Odysse	properNoun	nor
Maximus	properNoun	swe	Maximus	properNoun	nor
Wembley	properNoun	swe	Wembley	properNoun	nor
Virlatov	properNoun	swe	Virlatov	properNoun	nor
Fallås	properNoun	swe	Fallås	properNoun	nor
Sudetene	properNoun	swe	Sudetene	properNoun	nor
Jáhkogohppi	properNoun	swe	Jáhkogohppi	properNoun	nor
Watson	properNoun	swe	Watson	properNoun	nor
Juutila	properNoun	swe	Juutila	properNoun	nor
Røkke	properNoun	swe	Røkke	properNoun	nor
Tønneson	properNoun	swe	Tønneson	properNoun	nor
Kashmir	properNoun	swe	Kashmir	properNoun	nor
Tanni	properNoun	swe	Tanni	properNoun	nor
Niilola	properNoun	swe	Niilola	properNoun	nor
Mikká	properNoun	swe	Mikká	properNoun	nor
Komintern	properNoun	swe	Komintern	properNoun	nor
Torgun	properNoun	swe	Torgun	properNoun	nor
Varila	properNoun	swe	Varila	properNoun	nor
Stalheim	properNoun	swe	Stalheim	properNoun	nor
Rana	properNoun	swe	Rana	properNoun	nor
Ek	properNoun	swe	Ek	properNoun	nor
Kotlin	properNoun	swe	Kotlin	properNoun	nor
Nord-Atlanteren	properNoun	swe	Nord-Atlanteren	properNoun	nor
Sunesen	properNoun	swe	Sunesen	properNoun	nor
Live	properNoun	swe	Live	properNoun	nor
Sild	properNoun	swe	Sild	properNoun	nor
Mustamäki	properNoun	swe	Mustamäki	properNoun	nor
Mettovaara	properNoun	swe	Mettovaara	properNoun	nor
Jørstad	properNoun	swe	Jørstad	properNoun	nor
Čeljuskin	properNoun	swe	Čeljuskin	properNoun	nor
Vatjus	properNoun	swe	Vatjus	properNoun	nor
Nebukadnesar	properNoun	swe	Nebukadnesar	properNoun	nor
Alsten	properNoun	swe	Alsten	properNoun	nor
Gulbrandsen	properNoun	swe	Gulbrandsen	properNoun	nor
Er	properNoun	swe	Er	properNoun	nor
Montana	properNoun	swe	Montana	properNoun	nor
Odland	properNoun	swe	Odland	properNoun	nor
Muurinen	properNoun	swe	Muurinen	properNoun	nor
Kjærsund	properNoun	swe	Kjærsund	properNoun	nor
Knapstad	properNoun	swe	Knapstad	properNoun	nor
Arcturus	properNoun	swe	Arcturus	properNoun	nor
Leopold	properNoun	swe	Leopold	properNoun	nor
Moldau	properNoun	swe	Moldau	properNoun	nor
Alster	properNoun	swe	Alster	properNoun	nor
Sedekias	properNoun	swe	Sedekias	properNoun	nor
Evgenia	properNoun	swe	Evgenia	properNoun	nor
Christensson	properNoun	swe	Christensson	properNoun	nor
Magnar	properNoun	swe	Magnar	properNoun	nor
Tromøy	properNoun	swe	Tromøy	properNoun	nor
Selvig	properNoun	swe	Selvig	properNoun	nor
Vesaas	properNoun	swe	Vesaas	properNoun	nor
Parkinson	properNoun	swe	Parkinson	properNoun	nor
Silo	properNoun	swe	Silo	properNoun	nor
Kornstad	properNoun	swe	Kornstad	properNoun	nor
Olauson	properNoun	swe	Olauson	properNoun	nor
Statoil	properNoun	swe	Statoil	properNoun	nor
Selvik	properNoun	swe	Selvik	properNoun	nor
Børre	properNoun	swe	Børre	properNoun	nor
Fatima	properNoun	swe	Fatima	properNoun	nor
Kalmar	properNoun	swe	Kalmar	properNoun	nor
Mihkil	properNoun	swe	Mihkil	properNoun	nor
Jonhild	properNoun	swe	Jonhild	properNoun	nor
Merikoski	properNoun	swe	Merikoski	properNoun	nor
Lambhaug	properNoun	swe	Lambhaug	properNoun	nor
Hakamäki	properNoun	swe	Hakamäki	properNoun	nor
Louise	properNoun	swe	Louise	properNoun	nor
Mathiasen	properNoun	swe	Mathiasen	properNoun	nor
Dnestr	properNoun	swe	Dnestr	properNoun	nor
Strøtvet	properNoun	swe	Strøtvet	properNoun	nor
Kamppila	properNoun	swe	Kamppila	properNoun	nor
Fause	properNoun	swe	Fause	properNoun	nor
Evgenij	properNoun	swe	Evgenij	properNoun	nor
Salvesen	properNoun	swe	Salvesen	properNoun	nor
Midt	properNoun	swe	Midt	properNoun	nor
Kjevik	properNoun	swe	Kjevik	properNoun	nor
Møllemann	properNoun	swe	Møllemann	properNoun	nor
Korkeakoski	properNoun	swe	Korkeakoski	properNoun	nor
Harjunen	properNoun	swe	Harjunen	properNoun	nor
Kastrup	properNoun	swe	Kastrup	properNoun	nor
Bureus	properNoun	swe	Bureus	properNoun	nor
Sør-Aurdal	properNoun	swe	Sør-Aurdal	properNoun	nor
Oppheim	properNoun	swe	Oppheim	properNoun	nor
Lydia	properNoun	swe	Lydia	properNoun	nor
Røgeberg	properNoun	swe	Røgeberg	properNoun	nor
Liland	properNoun	swe	Liland	properNoun	nor
Nicholaisen	properNoun	swe	Nicholaisen	properNoun	nor
Unn	properNoun	swe	Unn	properNoun	nor
Putto	properNoun	swe	Putto	properNoun	nor
Lydie	properNoun	swe	Lydie	properNoun	nor
Uno	properNoun	swe	Uno	properNoun	nor
Eystein	properNoun	swe	Eystein	properNoun	nor
Bottenhavet	properNoun	swe	Bottenhavet	properNoun	nor
Nesse	properNoun	swe	Nesse	properNoun	nor
Bokn	properNoun	swe	Bokn	properNoun	nor
Haarstad	properNoun	swe	Haarstad	properNoun	nor
Haajanen	properNoun	swe	Haajanen	properNoun	nor
Helmi	properNoun	swe	Helmi	properNoun	nor
Kvitekrist	properNoun	swe	Kvitekrist	properNoun	nor
Toiviainen	properNoun	swe	Toiviainen	properNoun	nor
Saijets	properNoun	swe	Saijets	properNoun	nor
Kuibyšev	properNoun	swe	Kuibyšev	properNoun	nor
Julkunen	properNoun	swe	Julkunen	properNoun	nor
Tapajós	properNoun	swe	Tapajós	properNoun	nor
Mujahedin	properNoun	swe	Mujahedin	properNoun	nor
Bones	properNoun	swe	Bones	properNoun	nor
Lorentzen	properNoun	swe	Lorentzen	properNoun	nor
Hatteng	properNoun	swe	Hatteng	properNoun	nor
Slinning	properNoun	swe	Slinning	properNoun	nor
Engebretssen	properNoun	swe	Engebretssen	properNoun	nor
Åmsosen	properNoun	swe	Åmsosen	properNoun	nor
Similä	properNoun	swe	Similä	properNoun	nor
Hindahl	properNoun	swe	Hindahl	properNoun	nor
Faust	properNoun	swe	Faust	properNoun	nor
Jarva	properNoun	swe	Jarva	properNoun	nor
Behtter	properNoun	swe	Behtter	properNoun	nor
Lindland	properNoun	swe	Lindland	properNoun	nor
Harja	properNoun	swe	Harja	properNoun	nor
Terho	properNoun	swe	Terho	properNoun	nor
Beth	properNoun	swe	Beth	properNoun	nor
Marcusen	properNoun	swe	Marcusen	properNoun	nor
Gravesend	properNoun	swe	Gravesend	properNoun	nor
Frostad	properNoun	swe	Frostad	properNoun	nor
Darwin	properNoun	swe	Darwin	properNoun	nor
Knoff	properNoun	swe	Knoff	properNoun	nor
Aridjis	properNoun	swe	Aridjis	properNoun	nor
Tønnensen	properNoun	swe	Tønnensen	properNoun	nor
Markov	properNoun	swe	Markov	properNoun	nor
Kvermo	properNoun	swe	Kvermo	properNoun	nor
Hantula	properNoun	swe	Hantula	properNoun	nor
Delmenhorst	properNoun	swe	Delmenhorst	properNoun	nor
Schjelde	properNoun	swe	Schjelde	properNoun	nor
Nordfjell	properNoun	swe	Nordfjell	properNoun	nor
Gustad	properNoun	swe	Gustad	properNoun	nor
Erkkevárri	properNoun	swe	Erkkevárri	properNoun	nor
Embrå	properNoun	swe	Embrå	properNoun	nor
Brodtkorb	properNoun	swe	Brodtkorb	properNoun	nor
Midsund	properNoun	swe	Midsund	properNoun	nor
FN	properNoun	swe	FN	properNoun	nor
Pyhälä	properNoun	swe	Pyhälä	properNoun	nor
Edmonsson	properNoun	swe	Edmonsson	properNoun	nor
Romunen	properNoun	swe	Romunen	properNoun	nor
Gustaf	properNoun	swe	Gustaf	properNoun	nor
Cardiff	properNoun	swe	Cardiff	properNoun	nor
Laban	properNoun	swe	Laban	properNoun	nor
Båhus	properNoun	swe	Båhus	properNoun	nor
Dyrløkke	properNoun	swe	Dyrløkke	properNoun	nor
Vihriälä	properNoun	swe	Vihriälä	properNoun	nor
Verkerk	properNoun	swe	Verkerk	properNoun	nor
Särkioja	properNoun	swe	Särkioja	properNoun	nor
Overvold	properNoun	swe	Overvold	properNoun	nor
Jalkanen	properNoun	swe	Jalkanen	properNoun	nor
Ehrukainen	properNoun	swe	Ehrukainen	properNoun	nor
Festvåg	properNoun	swe	Festvåg	properNoun	nor
Sundvåg	properNoun	swe	Sundvåg	properNoun	nor
Berta	properNoun	swe	Berta	properNoun	nor
Harjo	properNoun	swe	Harjo	properNoun	nor
Molvik	properNoun	swe	Molvik	properNoun	nor
Detmer	properNoun	swe	Detmer	properNoun	nor
Runesen	properNoun	swe	Runesen	properNoun	nor
Järvitalo	properNoun	swe	Järvitalo	properNoun	nor
Cinda	properNoun	swe	Cinda	properNoun	nor
Biggevárri	properNoun	swe	Biggevárri	properNoun	nor
Dissing	properNoun	swe	Dissing	properNoun	nor
Chambers	properNoun	swe	Chambers	properNoun	nor
Berte	properNoun	swe	Berte	properNoun	nor
Haugan	properNoun	swe	Haugan	properNoun	nor
Njárga-Buljojávri	properNoun	swe	Njárga-Buljojávri	properNoun	nor
Duken	properNoun	swe	Duken	properNoun	nor
Ovlláš	properNoun	swe	Ovlláš	properNoun	nor
Tjong	properNoun	swe	Tjong	properNoun	nor
Michaelsson	properNoun	swe	Michaelsson	properNoun	nor
Albertville	properNoun	swe	Albertville	properNoun	nor
Harju	properNoun	swe	Harju	properNoun	nor
Sinaihalvøya	properNoun	swe	Sinaihalvøya	properNoun	nor
Baker	properNoun	swe	Baker	properNoun	nor
Humlebæk	properNoun	swe	Humlebæk	properNoun	nor
Nurhonen	properNoun	swe	Nurhonen	properNoun	nor
Gustav	properNoun	swe	Gustav	properNoun	nor
Møsvatn	properNoun	swe	Møsvatn	properNoun	nor
Plant	properNoun	swe	Plant	properNoun	nor
Gustaw	properNoun	swe	Gustaw	properNoun	nor
Alis	properNoun	swe	Alis	properNoun	nor
Friele	properNoun	swe	Friele	properNoun	nor
Valdis	properNoun	swe	Valdis	properNoun	nor
Áttán	properNoun	swe	Áttán	properNoun	nor
Fina	properNoun	swe	Fina	properNoun	nor
Beahceváráš	properNoun	swe	Beahceváráš	properNoun	nor
Olavsdatter	properNoun	swe	Olavsdatter	properNoun	nor
Hegra	properNoun	swe	Hegra	properNoun	nor
Sperre	properNoun	swe	Sperre	properNoun	nor
Hanisch	properNoun	swe	Hanisch	properNoun	nor
Arabia	properNoun	swe	Arabia	properNoun	nor
Uzawa	properNoun	swe	Uzawa	properNoun	nor
Solbritt	properNoun	swe	Solbritt	properNoun	nor
Saima	properNoun	swe	Saima	properNoun	nor
Risør	properNoun	swe	Risør	properNoun	nor
Joacim	properNoun	swe	Joacim	properNoun	nor
Sør-Italia	properNoun	swe	Sør-Italia	properNoun	nor
Britain	properNoun	swe	Britain	properNoun	nor
Lützow	properNoun	swe	Lützow	properNoun	nor
Kilpelä	properNoun	swe	Kilpelä	properNoun	nor
Kiikka	properNoun	swe	Kiikka	properNoun	nor
Olson	properNoun	swe	Olson	properNoun	nor
Vikebukt	properNoun	swe	Vikebukt	properNoun	nor
Tuominen	properNoun	swe	Tuominen	properNoun	nor
Sæverud	properNoun	swe	Sæverud	properNoun	nor
Røsland	properNoun	swe	Røsland	properNoun	nor
Kontro	properNoun	swe	Kontro	properNoun	nor
Bermuda	properNoun	swe	Bermuda	properNoun	nor
Morte	properNoun	swe	Morte	properNoun	nor
Carita	properNoun	swe	Carita	properNoun	nor
Marthinson	properNoun	swe	Marthinson	properNoun	nor
Ammerud	properNoun	swe	Ammerud	properNoun	nor
Piera	properNoun	swe	Piera	properNoun	nor
Kjeldsson	properNoun	swe	Kjeldsson	properNoun	nor
Eliasson	properNoun	swe	Eliasson	properNoun	nor
Sibon	properNoun	swe	Sibon	properNoun	nor
Saariniemi	properNoun	swe	Saariniemi	properNoun	nor
Bechsteina	properNoun	swe	Bechsteina	properNoun	nor
Skipperud	properNoun	swe	Skipperud	properNoun	nor
Finn	properNoun	swe	Finn	properNoun	nor
Johnskareng	properNoun	swe	Johnskareng	properNoun	nor
Cindy	properNoun	swe	Cindy	properNoun	nor
Kaunas	properNoun	swe	Kaunas	properNoun	nor
Kumari	properNoun	swe	Kumari	properNoun	nor
Kierkegaard	properNoun	swe	Kierkegaard	properNoun	nor
Banzer	properNoun	swe	Banzer	properNoun	nor
Heaika	properNoun	swe	Heaika	properNoun	nor
Thorstensen	properNoun	swe	Thorstensen	properNoun	nor
Herzog	properNoun	swe	Herzog	properNoun	nor
Torvik	properNoun	swe	Torvik	properNoun	nor
Næsheim	properNoun	swe	Næsheim	properNoun	nor
Gustafsson	properNoun	swe	Gustafsson	properNoun	nor
Fv	properNoun	swe	Fv	properNoun	nor
TBK	properNoun	swe	TBK	properNoun	nor
Tampico	properNoun	swe	Tampico	properNoun	nor
Saudasjøen	properNoun	swe	Saudasjøen	properNoun	nor
Børsa	properNoun	swe	Børsa	properNoun	nor
Porkka	properNoun	swe	Porkka	properNoun	nor
Luokkala	properNoun	swe	Luokkala	properNoun	nor
Nellie	properNoun	swe	Nellie	properNoun	nor
Simo	properNoun	swe	Simo	properNoun	nor
Schroeder	properNoun	swe	Schroeder	properNoun	nor
Ánddeš-Bierjohka	properNoun	swe	Ánddeš-Bierjohka	properNoun	nor
Tilli	properNoun	swe	Tilli	properNoun	nor
Ringbakken	properNoun	swe	Ringbakken	properNoun	nor
Luotonen	properNoun	swe	Luotonen	properNoun	nor
Karkulahti	properNoun	swe	Karkulahti	properNoun	nor
Jalonen	properNoun	swe	Jalonen	properNoun	nor
Namdalen	properNoun	swe	Namdalen	properNoun	nor
Mäntymäki	properNoun	swe	Mäntymäki	properNoun	nor
Miennavuotna	properNoun	swe	Miennavuotna	properNoun	nor
Kaltenborn	properNoun	swe	Kaltenborn	properNoun	nor
Mortu	properNoun	swe	Mortu	properNoun	nor
Valkealahti	properNoun	swe	Valkealahti	properNoun	nor
Saharinen	properNoun	swe	Saharinen	properNoun	nor
Qvigstad	properNoun	swe	Qvigstad	properNoun	nor
Pasuri	properNoun	swe	Pasuri	properNoun	nor
Universitetsbiblioteket	properNoun	swe	Universitetsbiblioteket	properNoun	nor
Jøvik	properNoun	swe	Jøvik	properNoun	nor
Danielsson	properNoun	swe	Danielsson	properNoun	nor
Lundamo	properNoun	swe	Lundamo	properNoun	nor
Onsøy	properNoun	swe	Onsøy	properNoun	nor
Rebbestad	properNoun	swe	Rebbestad	properNoun	nor
Puupponen	properNoun	swe	Puupponen	properNoun	nor
Helsing	properNoun	swe	Helsing	properNoun	nor
Mandal	properNoun	swe	Mandal	properNoun	nor
Carlton	properNoun	swe	Carlton	properNoun	nor
Agni	properNoun	swe	Agni	properNoun	nor
Leš	properNoun	swe	Leš	properNoun	nor
Laasonen	properNoun	swe	Laasonen	properNoun	nor
Engebråten	properNoun	swe	Engebråten	properNoun	nor
Grimkjell	properNoun	swe	Grimkjell	properNoun	nor
May-Lene	properNoun	swe	May-Lene	properNoun	nor
Keiko	properNoun	swe	Keiko	properNoun	nor
Erebos	properNoun	swe	Erebos	properNoun	nor
Aureosen	properNoun	swe	Aureosen	properNoun	nor
Carsten	properNoun	swe	Carsten	properNoun	nor
Kajanne	properNoun	swe	Kajanne	properNoun	nor
Magnhild	properNoun	swe	Magnhild	properNoun	nor
Lehtonen	properNoun	swe	Lehtonen	properNoun	nor
Feiring	properNoun	swe	Feiring	properNoun	nor
Boll	properNoun	swe	Boll	properNoun	nor
Helppi	properNoun	swe	Helppi	properNoun	nor
Nikken	properNoun	swe	Nikken	properNoun	nor
Bartolomeus	properNoun	swe	Bartolomeus	properNoun	nor
Magda	properNoun	swe	Magda	properNoun	nor
Zimbabwe	properNoun	swe	Zimbabwe	properNoun	nor
Rautaoja	properNoun	swe	Rautaoja	properNoun	nor
Vuorma	properNoun	swe	Vuorma	properNoun	nor
Meskus	properNoun	swe	Meskus	properNoun	nor
Maurnes	properNoun	swe	Maurnes	properNoun	nor
Nicolaissen	properNoun	swe	Nicolaissen	properNoun	nor
Simonova	properNoun	swe	Simonova	properNoun	nor
Putus	properNoun	swe	Putus	properNoun	nor
Labba	properNoun	swe	Labba	properNoun	nor
Kunnle	properNoun	swe	Kunnle	properNoun	nor
Niiláčohkka	properNoun	swe	Niiláčohkka	properNoun	nor
Bonnez	properNoun	swe	Bonnez	properNoun	nor
Anne-Mari	properNoun	swe	Anne-Mari	properNoun	nor
Hilding	properNoun	swe	Hilding	properNoun	nor
Che	properNoun	swe	Che	properNoun	nor
Vestbanen	properNoun	swe	Vestbanen	properNoun	nor
Vejen	properNoun	swe	Vejen	properNoun	nor
Nyström	properNoun	swe	Nyström	properNoun	nor
Neverskrukbukt	properNoun	swe	Neverskrukbukt	properNoun	nor
Høylandet	properNoun	swe	Høylandet	properNoun	nor
Strømsgodset	properNoun	swe	Strømsgodset	properNoun	nor
Movinkel	properNoun	swe	Movinkel	properNoun	nor
Chi	properNoun	swe	Chi	properNoun	nor
Pfaff	properNoun	swe	Pfaff	properNoun	nor
Følstad	properNoun	swe	Følstad	properNoun	nor
Egán	properNoun	swe	Egán	properNoun	nor
Toropainen	properNoun	swe	Toropainen	properNoun	nor
Culiacán	properNoun	swe	Culiacán	properNoun	nor
Ursula	properNoun	swe	Ursula	properNoun	nor
Figenbaum	properNoun	swe	Figenbaum	properNoun	nor
Tromsø	properNoun	swe	Tromsø	properNoun	nor
Onstad	properNoun	swe	Onstad	properNoun	nor
Oliversen	properNoun	swe	Oliversen	properNoun	nor
Kylliåinen	properNoun	swe	Kylliåinen	properNoun	nor
Adolf	properNoun	swe	Adolf	properNoun	nor
Jorda	properNoun	swe	Jorda	properNoun	nor
Haukaas	properNoun	swe	Haukaas	properNoun	nor
Tønne	properNoun	swe	Tønne	properNoun	nor
Utstein	properNoun	swe	Utstein	properNoun	nor
Utne	properNoun	swe	Utne	properNoun	nor
Figenschou	properNoun	swe	Figenschou	properNoun	nor
Confucius	properNoun	swe	Confucius	properNoun	nor
Lesjaverk	properNoun	swe	Lesjaverk	properNoun	nor
Bakersfield	properNoun	swe	Bakersfield	properNoun	nor
Willem	properNoun	swe	Willem	properNoun	nor
Inger-Johanne	properNoun	swe	Inger-Johanne	properNoun	nor
Marcelino	properNoun	swe	Marcelino	properNoun	nor
Dorthea	properNoun	swe	Dorthea	properNoun	nor
Skjelstad	properNoun	swe	Skjelstad	properNoun	nor
Bávllos	properNoun	swe	Bávllos	properNoun	nor
Gardasjøen	properNoun	swe	Gardasjøen	properNoun	nor
Ulvestad	properNoun	swe	Ulvestad	properNoun	nor
Taskila	properNoun	swe	Taskila	properNoun	nor
Engelstad	properNoun	swe	Engelstad	properNoun	nor
Syväniemi	properNoun	swe	Syväniemi	properNoun	nor
Langgaard	properNoun	swe	Langgaard	properNoun	nor
Elligers	properNoun	swe	Elligers	properNoun	nor
Momyr	properNoun	swe	Momyr	properNoun	nor
Holmssen	properNoun	swe	Holmssen	properNoun	nor
Ingier	properNoun	swe	Ingier	properNoun	nor
Efskind	properNoun	swe	Efskind	properNoun	nor
Evenes	properNoun	swe	Evenes	properNoun	nor
Goplen	properNoun	swe	Goplen	properNoun	nor
Soldatkin	properNoun	swe	Soldatkin	properNoun	nor
Girste	properNoun	swe	Girste	properNoun	nor
Robberstad	properNoun	swe	Robberstad	properNoun	nor
Uvdal	properNoun	swe	Uvdal	properNoun	nor
Árni	properNoun	swe	Árni	properNoun	nor
Rogne	properNoun	swe	Rogne	properNoun	nor
Randa	properNoun	swe	Randa	properNoun	nor
Pajunen	properNoun	swe	Pajunen	properNoun	nor
Pyyhtiä	properNoun	swe	Pyyhtiä	properNoun	nor
Lörstrand	properNoun	swe	Lörstrand	properNoun	nor
Idsøe	properNoun	swe	Idsøe	properNoun	nor
Hahto	properNoun	swe	Hahto	properNoun	nor
Aunio	properNoun	swe	Aunio	properNoun	nor
Reinertssen	properNoun	swe	Reinertssen	properNoun	nor
Kunduz	properNoun	swe	Kunduz	properNoun	nor
Røyslund	properNoun	swe	Røyslund	properNoun	nor
Paakkonen	properNoun	swe	Paakkonen	properNoun	nor
Kirkinen	properNoun	swe	Kirkinen	properNoun	nor
Blomheller	properNoun	swe	Blomheller	properNoun	nor
Calgary	properNoun	swe	Calgary	properNoun	nor
Harvard	properNoun	swe	Harvard	properNoun	nor
Sandbæk	properNoun	swe	Sandbæk	properNoun	nor
Austvik	properNoun	swe	Austvik	properNoun	nor
Stabæk	properNoun	swe	Stabæk	properNoun	nor
Sina	properNoun	swe	Sina	properNoun	nor
Randi	properNoun	swe	Randi	properNoun	nor
Ollendorff	properNoun	swe	Ollendorff	properNoun	nor
Thorsten	properNoun	swe	Thorsten	properNoun	nor
Ellingssen	properNoun	swe	Ellingssen	properNoun	nor
Skogen	properNoun	swe	Skogen	properNoun	nor
Isakssen	properNoun	swe	Isakssen	properNoun	nor
Sind	properNoun	swe	Sind	properNoun	nor
Simmá	properNoun	swe	Simmá	properNoun	nor
Hyle	properNoun	swe	Hyle	properNoun	nor
Majabritt	properNoun	swe	Majabritt	properNoun	nor
Nervik	properNoun	swe	Nervik	properNoun	nor
Rølp	properNoun	swe	Rølp	properNoun	nor
Airola	properNoun	swe	Airola	properNoun	nor
Jan-Eirik	properNoun	swe	Jan-Eirik	properNoun	nor
Holmstrøm	properNoun	swe	Holmstrøm	properNoun	nor
Skoger	properNoun	swe	Skoger	properNoun	nor
Korja	properNoun	swe	Korja	properNoun	nor
Højbjerg	properNoun	swe	Højbjerg	properNoun	nor
Fjogstad	properNoun	swe	Fjogstad	properNoun	nor
Roš	properNoun	swe	Roš	properNoun	nor
Krysippos	properNoun	swe	Krysippos	properNoun	nor
Klauson	properNoun	swe	Klauson	properNoun	nor
Borgerson	properNoun	swe	Borgerson	properNoun	nor
Årdalstangen	properNoun	swe	Årdalstangen	properNoun	nor
Scottsuolu	properNoun	swe	Scottsuolu	properNoun	nor
Yonkers	properNoun	swe	Yonkers	properNoun	nor
Nordbye	properNoun	swe	Nordbye	properNoun	nor
Álehttá	properNoun	swe	Álehttá	properNoun	nor
Jessie	properNoun	swe	Jessie	properNoun	nor
Utriainen	properNoun	swe	Utriainen	properNoun	nor
Kivilahti	properNoun	swe	Kivilahti	properNoun	nor
Brøndum	properNoun	swe	Brøndum	properNoun	nor
Márgrehtá	properNoun	swe	Márgrehtá	properNoun	nor
Hitchcock	properNoun	swe	Hitchcock	properNoun	nor
Owren	properNoun	swe	Owren	properNoun	nor
Maljanen	properNoun	swe	Maljanen	properNoun	nor
Kurri	properNoun	swe	Kurri	properNoun	nor
Nærøy	properNoun	swe	Nærøy	properNoun	nor
Geiranger	properNoun	swe	Geiranger	properNoun	nor
Rapo	properNoun	swe	Rapo	properNoun	nor
Hyvönen	properNoun	swe	Hyvönen	properNoun	nor
Saint	properNoun	swe	Saint	properNoun	nor
Ålhus	properNoun	swe	Ålhus	properNoun	nor
Rapp	properNoun	swe	Rapp	properNoun	nor
Mulari	properNoun	swe	Mulari	properNoun	nor
Julien	properNoun	swe	Julien	properNoun	nor
Tespis	properNoun	swe	Tespis	properNoun	nor
Kaplan	properNoun	swe	Kaplan	properNoun	nor
Kesareas	properNoun	swe	Kesareas	properNoun	nor
Torstenson	properNoun	swe	Torstenson	properNoun	nor
Vogelsang	properNoun	swe	Vogelsang	properNoun	nor
Martinsen	properNoun	swe	Martinsen	properNoun	nor
Kaspara	properNoun	swe	Kaspara	properNoun	nor
Ranta-aho	properNoun	swe	Ranta-aho	properNoun	nor
Hassel	properNoun	swe	Hassel	properNoun	nor
Houg	properNoun	swe	Houg	properNoun	nor
Aarthun	properNoun	swe	Aarthun	properNoun	nor
Recklinghausen	properNoun	swe	Recklinghausen	properNoun	nor
Feght	properNoun	swe	Feght	properNoun	nor
Fidias	properNoun	swe	Fidias	properNoun	nor
Sardinia	properNoun	swe	Sardinia	properNoun	nor
Kirkesæther	properNoun	swe	Kirkesæther	properNoun	nor
Kaplas	properNoun	swe	Kaplas	properNoun	nor
Bergum	properNoun	swe	Bergum	properNoun	nor
Bjerkreim	properNoun	swe	Bjerkreim	properNoun	nor
Tiittanen	properNoun	swe	Tiittanen	properNoun	nor
Houm	properNoun	swe	Houm	properNoun	nor
Mihkku	properNoun	swe	Mihkku	properNoun	nor
Toivonen	properNoun	swe	Toivonen	properNoun	nor
Smeland	properNoun	swe	Smeland	properNoun	nor
Kjølås	properNoun	swe	Kjølås	properNoun	nor
Jerkku	properNoun	swe	Jerkku	properNoun	nor
Terje	properNoun	swe	Terje	properNoun	nor
Riast-Hylling	properNoun	swe	Riast-Hylling	properNoun	nor
Bongo	properNoun	swe	Bongo	properNoun	nor
Sigdal	properNoun	swe	Sigdal	properNoun	nor
Carlssen	properNoun	swe	Carlssen	properNoun	nor
Nilima	properNoun	swe	Nilima	properNoun	nor
Ruokamo	properNoun	swe	Ruokamo	properNoun	nor
Karhulahti	properNoun	swe	Karhulahti	properNoun	nor
Xerxes	properNoun	swe	Xerxes	properNoun	nor
Langesund	properNoun	swe	Langesund	properNoun	nor
Heinrich	properNoun	swe	Heinrich	properNoun	nor
Peterssen	properNoun	swe	Peterssen	properNoun	nor
Åvik	properNoun	swe	Åvik	properNoun	nor
Viuhkonen	properNoun	swe	Viuhkonen	properNoun	nor
Saarnio	properNoun	swe	Saarnio	properNoun	nor
Kuha	properNoun	swe	Kuha	properNoun	nor
Mihkkalvárri	properNoun	swe	Mihkkalvárri	properNoun	nor
Kettula	properNoun	swe	Kettula	properNoun	nor
Tomason	properNoun	swe	Tomason	properNoun	nor
Felde	properNoun	swe	Felde	properNoun	nor
Rokala	properNoun	swe	Rokala	properNoun	nor
Hytti	properNoun	swe	Hytti	properNoun	nor
Scott	properNoun	swe	Scott	properNoun	nor
Herodias	properNoun	swe	Herodias	properNoun	nor
Sandved	properNoun	swe	Sandved	properNoun	nor
Anttila	properNoun	swe	Anttila	properNoun	nor
Thorolf	properNoun	swe	Thorolf	properNoun	nor
Spielberg	properNoun	swe	Spielberg	properNoun	nor
Juurakko	properNoun	swe	Juurakko	properNoun	nor
Cathrin	properNoun	swe	Cathrin	properNoun	nor
Aursnes	properNoun	swe	Aursnes	properNoun	nor
Leira	properNoun	swe	Leira	properNoun	nor
Lysgaard	properNoun	swe	Lysgaard	properNoun	nor
Hallingdalselva	properNoun	swe	Hallingdalselva	properNoun	nor
Femund	properNoun	swe	Femund	properNoun	nor
Halonen	properNoun	swe	Halonen	properNoun	nor
Puumala	properNoun	swe	Puumala	properNoun	nor
Gaustatoppen	properNoun	swe	Gaustatoppen	properNoun	nor
Holmenkollstafetten	properNoun	swe	Holmenkollstafetten	properNoun	nor
Kanaan	properNoun	swe	Kanaan	properNoun	nor
Tranebjerg	properNoun	swe	Tranebjerg	properNoun	nor
Sissel	properNoun	swe	Sissel	properNoun	nor
Bjørnevatn	properNoun	swe	Bjørnevatn	properNoun	nor
Kongstad	properNoun	swe	Kongstad	properNoun	nor
Nillávárri	properNoun	swe	Nillávárri	properNoun	nor
Sandven	properNoun	swe	Sandven	properNoun	nor
Alnæs	properNoun	swe	Alnæs	properNoun	nor
Suarez	properNoun	swe	Suarez	properNoun	nor
Mäensivu	properNoun	swe	Mäensivu	properNoun	nor
Uotila	properNoun	swe	Uotila	properNoun	nor
Dyping	properNoun	swe	Dyping	properNoun	nor
Vuorijärvi	properNoun	swe	Vuorijärvi	properNoun	nor
Tiusanen	properNoun	swe	Tiusanen	properNoun	nor
Kiseljov	properNoun	swe	Kiseljov	properNoun	nor
Brantzeg	properNoun	swe	Brantzeg	properNoun	nor
Aandal	properNoun	swe	Aandal	properNoun	nor
Strømme	properNoun	swe	Strømme	properNoun	nor
Hallström	properNoun	swe	Hallström	properNoun	nor
Alfons	properNoun	swe	Alfons	properNoun	nor
Grotmol	properNoun	swe	Grotmol	properNoun	nor
Skaugen	properNoun	swe	Skaugen	properNoun	nor
Arveschoug	properNoun	swe	Arveschoug	properNoun	nor
Vangsnes	properNoun	swe	Vangsnes	properNoun	nor
Widerøe	properNoun	swe	Widerøe	properNoun	nor
Unkuri	properNoun	swe	Unkuri	properNoun	nor
Punnonen	properNoun	swe	Punnonen	properNoun	nor
Pullinen	properNoun	swe	Pullinen	properNoun	nor
Knutson	properNoun	swe	Knutson	properNoun	nor
Kherson	properNoun	swe	Kherson	properNoun	nor
Weidekamp	properNoun	swe	Weidekamp	properNoun	nor
Helsingfors	properNoun	swe	Helsingfors	properNoun	nor
Sipiläinen	properNoun	swe	Sipiläinen	properNoun	nor
Conni	properNoun	swe	Conni	properNoun	nor
Hánssánjavvi	properNoun	swe	Hánssánjavvi	properNoun	nor
Wennevold	properNoun	swe	Wennevold	properNoun	nor
Nevlunghamn	properNoun	swe	Nevlunghamn	properNoun	nor
Salakka	properNoun	swe	Salakka	properNoun	nor
L'Enfant	properNoun	swe	L'Enfant	properNoun	nor
Gjetmundsen	properNoun	swe	Gjetmundsen	properNoun	nor
Aittoniemi	properNoun	swe	Aittoniemi	properNoun	nor
Kirvesniemi	properNoun	swe	Kirvesniemi	properNoun	nor
Jurmu	properNoun	swe	Jurmu	properNoun	nor
Diderichsen	properNoun	swe	Diderichsen	properNoun	nor
Leammojohka	properNoun	swe	Leammojohka	properNoun	nor
Joret	properNoun	swe	Joret	properNoun	nor
Sered	properNoun	swe	Sered	properNoun	nor
Räihä	properNoun	swe	Räihä	properNoun	nor
Kleemola	properNoun	swe	Kleemola	properNoun	nor
Áron	properNoun	swe	Áron	properNoun	nor
Nepal	properNoun	swe	Nepal	properNoun	nor
Sellevold	properNoun	swe	Sellevold	properNoun	nor
Pontare	properNoun	swe	Pontare	properNoun	nor
Hermes	properNoun	swe	Hermes	properNoun	nor
Kuusikoski	properNoun	swe	Kuusikoski	properNoun	nor
Ziedler	properNoun	swe	Ziedler	properNoun	nor
Luode	properNoun	swe	Luode	properNoun	nor
Kontto	properNoun	swe	Kontto	properNoun	nor
Hel	properNoun	swe	Hel	properNoun	nor
Gyorgy	properNoun	swe	Gyorgy	properNoun	nor
Hem	properNoun	swe	Hem	properNoun	nor
Hen	properNoun	swe	Hen	properNoun	nor
Penttonen	properNoun	swe	Penttonen	properNoun	nor
Lehmkuhl	properNoun	swe	Lehmkuhl	properNoun	nor
Kanniainen	properNoun	swe	Kanniainen	properNoun	nor
Hyme	properNoun	swe	Hyme	properNoun	nor
Amazonas	properNoun	swe	Amazonas	properNoun	nor
Eikrem	properNoun	swe	Eikrem	properNoun	nor
Reinoso	properNoun	swe	Reinoso	properNoun	nor
Flood	properNoun	swe	Flood	properNoun	nor
Eikelmann	properNoun	swe	Eikelmann	properNoun	nor
Ho	properNoun	swe	Ho	properNoun	nor
Put	properNoun	swe	Put	properNoun	nor
Conny	properNoun	swe	Conny	properNoun	nor
Norddal	properNoun	swe	Norddal	properNoun	nor
Meronen	properNoun	swe	Meronen	properNoun	nor
Jacques	properNoun	swe	Jacques	properNoun	nor
Meskanen	properNoun	swe	Meskanen	properNoun	nor
Het	properNoun	swe	Het	properNoun	nor
Marielle	properNoun	swe	Marielle	properNoun	nor
Kjelleidet	properNoun	swe	Kjelleidet	properNoun	nor
George	properNoun	swe	George	properNoun	nor
Staff	properNoun	swe	Staff	properNoun	nor
Lindblad	properNoun	swe	Lindblad	properNoun	nor
Haapasaari	properNoun	swe	Haapasaari	properNoun	nor
Puy	properNoun	swe	Puy	properNoun	nor
Junttejohka	properNoun	swe	Junttejohka	properNoun	nor
Maribukt	properNoun	swe	Maribukt	properNoun	nor
Luukinen	properNoun	swe	Luukinen	properNoun	nor
Bratteli	properNoun	swe	Bratteli	properNoun	nor
Nehemias	properNoun	swe	Nehemias	properNoun	nor
Valhall	properNoun	swe	Valhall	properNoun	nor
Tollefssen	properNoun	swe	Tollefssen	properNoun	nor
Montesorri	properNoun	swe	Montesorri	properNoun	nor
Halson	properNoun	swe	Halson	properNoun	nor
Sion	properNoun	swe	Sion	properNoun	nor
Vehkala	properNoun	swe	Vehkala	properNoun	nor
Majavaskáidi	properNoun	swe	Majavaskáidi	properNoun	nor
Johny	properNoun	swe	Johny	properNoun	nor
Hedrum	properNoun	swe	Hedrum	properNoun	nor
Wollnick	properNoun	swe	Wollnick	properNoun	nor
Ørjan	properNoun	swe	Ørjan	properNoun	nor
Ville-Ásllat	properNoun	swe	Ville-Ásllat	properNoun	nor
Huuva	properNoun	swe	Huuva	properNoun	nor
Göbbels	properNoun	swe	Göbbels	properNoun	nor
Halsos	properNoun	swe	Halsos	properNoun	nor
Gunneng	properNoun	swe	Gunneng	properNoun	nor
Evita	properNoun	swe	Evita	properNoun	nor
Øien	properNoun	swe	Øien	properNoun	nor
Sevä	properNoun	swe	Sevä	properNoun	nor
Floor	properNoun	swe	Floor	properNoun	nor
Chillán	properNoun	swe	Chillán	properNoun	nor
Bond	properNoun	swe	Bond	properNoun	nor
Jovnnajávri	properNoun	swe	Jovnnajávri	properNoun	nor
Alarik	properNoun	swe	Alarik	properNoun	nor
Hove	properNoun	swe	Hove	properNoun	nor
Bologna	properNoun	swe	Bologna	properNoun	nor
Mac	properNoun	swe	Mac	properNoun	nor
Maddison	properNoun	swe	Maddison	properNoun	nor
Götaland	properNoun	swe	Götaland	properNoun	nor
Kasperssen	properNoun	swe	Kasperssen	properNoun	nor
Reinfeld	properNoun	swe	Reinfeld	properNoun	nor
Pouttu	properNoun	swe	Pouttu	properNoun	nor
Rigmor	properNoun	swe	Rigmor	properNoun	nor
Sjøwall	properNoun	swe	Sjøwall	properNoun	nor
Borthen	properNoun	swe	Borthen	properNoun	nor
Trondssen	properNoun	swe	Trondssen	properNoun	nor
Torfæus	properNoun	swe	Torfæus	properNoun	nor
Hovi	properNoun	swe	Hovi	properNoun	nor
Puerto	properNoun	swe	Puerto	properNoun	nor
Uoti	properNoun	swe	Uoti	properNoun	nor
Shift	properNoun	swe	Shift	properNoun	nor
Houni	properNoun	swe	Houni	properNoun	nor
Mai	properNoun	swe	Mai	properNoun	nor
Siivikko	properNoun	swe	Siivikko	properNoun	nor
Reutz	properNoun	swe	Reutz	properNoun	nor
Maj	properNoun	swe	Maj	properNoun	nor
Kihle	properNoun	swe	Kihle	properNoun	nor
Grundström	properNoun	swe	Grundström	properNoun	nor
Lesja	properNoun	swe	Lesja	properNoun	nor
Hyypiä	properNoun	swe	Hyypiä	properNoun	nor
Brosens	properNoun	swe	Brosens	properNoun	nor
Nilsen	properNoun	swe	Nilsen	properNoun	nor
Gildeskål	properNoun	swe	Gildeskål	properNoun	nor
Thorvaldsen	properNoun	swe	Thorvaldsen	properNoun	nor
Calcutta	properNoun	swe	Calcutta	properNoun	nor
Winge	properNoun	swe	Winge	properNoun	nor
Bonn	properNoun	swe	Bonn	properNoun	nor
Stanleygoržžit	properNoun	swe	Stanleygoržžit	properNoun	nor
Kebnekaise	properNoun	swe	Kebnekaise	properNoun	nor
Man	properNoun	swe	Man	properNoun	nor
Norgren	properNoun	swe	Norgren	properNoun	nor
Eikås	properNoun	swe	Eikås	properNoun	nor
Breie	properNoun	swe	Breie	properNoun	nor
Norwich	properNoun	swe	Norwich	properNoun	nor
Reinton	properNoun	swe	Reinton	properNoun	nor
Kataja	properNoun	swe	Kataja	properNoun	nor
Crockett	properNoun	swe	Crockett	properNoun	nor
Mao	properNoun	swe	Mao	properNoun	nor
Aleutene	properNoun	swe	Aleutene	properNoun	nor
Pakonen	properNoun	swe	Pakonen	properNoun	nor
L'Ulivo	properNoun	swe	L'Ulivo	properNoun	nor
Tynset	properNoun	swe	Tynset	properNoun	nor
Hambira	properNoun	swe	Hambira	properNoun	nor
Reijonen	properNoun	swe	Reijonen	properNoun	nor
Pöllä	properNoun	swe	Pöllä	properNoun	nor
Mar	properNoun	swe	Mar	properNoun	nor
Pieraskáidi	properNoun	swe	Pieraskáidi	properNoun	nor
Virkkala	properNoun	swe	Virkkala	properNoun	nor
Sonnichsen	properNoun	swe	Sonnichsen	properNoun	nor
Biennečohkka	properNoun	swe	Biennečohkka	properNoun	nor
Martinssen	properNoun	swe	Martinssen	properNoun	nor
Dacca	properNoun	swe	Dacca	properNoun	nor
Maksimova	properNoun	swe	Maksimova	properNoun	nor
Hount	properNoun	swe	Hount	properNoun	nor
Tektronix	properNoun	swe	Tektronix	properNoun	nor
Nystrøm	properNoun	swe	Nystrøm	properNoun	nor
Søyland	properNoun	swe	Søyland	properNoun	nor
II	properNoun	swe	II	properNoun	nor
Sunderland	properNoun	swe	Sunderland	properNoun	nor
Breim	properNoun	swe	Breim	properNoun	nor
Tienari	properNoun	swe	Tienari	properNoun	nor
Heggstad	properNoun	swe	Heggstad	properNoun	nor
Perustrømmen	properNoun	swe	Perustrømmen	properNoun	nor
Max	properNoun	swe	Max	properNoun	nor
May	properNoun	swe	May	properNoun	nor
Sæle	properNoun	swe	Sæle	properNoun	nor
Sankt	properNoun	swe	Sankt	properNoun	nor
Aarseth	properNoun	swe	Aarseth	properNoun	nor
Aurskog-Høland	properNoun	swe	Aurskog-Høland	properNoun	nor
Valkonen	properNoun	swe	Valkonen	properNoun	nor
Keronen	properNoun	swe	Keronen	properNoun	nor
Drange	properNoun	swe	Drange	properNoun	nor
Vangberg	properNoun	swe	Vangberg	properNoun	nor
Praye	properNoun	swe	Praye	properNoun	nor
Nanabealjohka	properNoun	swe	Nanabealjohka	properNoun	nor
Lohelaája	properNoun	swe	Lohelaája	properNoun	nor
Šelef	properNoun	swe	Šelef	properNoun	nor
Krispus	properNoun	swe	Krispus	properNoun	nor
Markusson	properNoun	swe	Markusson	properNoun	nor
Hemsedal	properNoun	swe	Hemsedal	properNoun	nor
Tüchsen	properNoun	swe	Tüchsen	properNoun	nor
Vefsna	properNoun	swe	Vefsna	properNoun	nor
Sovkina	properNoun	swe	Sovkina	properNoun	nor
Riuhtala	properNoun	swe	Riuhtala	properNoun	nor
Hettula	properNoun	swe	Hettula	properNoun	nor
Modenia	properNoun	swe	Modenia	properNoun	nor
Rivarbukt	properNoun	swe	Rivarbukt	properNoun	nor
Evenrud	properNoun	swe	Evenrud	properNoun	nor
Platon	properNoun	swe	Platon	properNoun	nor
Francois	properNoun	swe	Francois	properNoun	nor
Håkonsson	properNoun	swe	Håkonsson	properNoun	nor
Isoniemi	properNoun	swe	Isoniemi	properNoun	nor
Hemming	properNoun	swe	Hemming	properNoun	nor
László	properNoun	swe	László	properNoun	nor
Ørland	properNoun	swe	Ørland	properNoun	nor
Vigmostad	properNoun	swe	Vigmostad	properNoun	nor
Isokorpi	properNoun	swe	Isokorpi	properNoun	nor
Tuukkanen	properNoun	swe	Tuukkanen	properNoun	nor
Matre	properNoun	swe	Matre	properNoun	nor
Saloranta	properNoun	swe	Saloranta	properNoun	nor
Bardlindhaug	properNoun	swe	Bardlindhaug	properNoun	nor
Nordvik	properNoun	swe	Nordvik	properNoun	nor
Lajunen	properNoun	swe	Lajunen	properNoun	nor
Bakkerud	properNoun	swe	Bakkerud	properNoun	nor
Sodoma	properNoun	swe	Sodoma	properNoun	nor
Hakansson	properNoun	swe	Hakansson	properNoun	nor
Kaunda	properNoun	swe	Kaunda	properNoun	nor
Kantanen	properNoun	swe	Kantanen	properNoun	nor
Hammerum	properNoun	swe	Hammerum	properNoun	nor
Ogden	properNoun	swe	Ogden	properNoun	nor
Blystad	properNoun	swe	Blystad	properNoun	nor
Bawden	properNoun	swe	Bawden	properNoun	nor
Thorgersen	properNoun	swe	Thorgersen	properNoun	nor
Baktus	properNoun	swe	Baktus	properNoun	nor
Prod	properNoun	swe	Prod	properNoun	nor
Ripatti	properNoun	swe	Ripatti	properNoun	nor
Mäkäräinen	properNoun	swe	Mäkäräinen	properNoun	nor
Saares	properNoun	swe	Saares	properNoun	nor
Hinkka	properNoun	swe	Hinkka	properNoun	nor
Yukon	properNoun	swe	Yukon	properNoun	nor
Nordfjordeid	properNoun	swe	Nordfjordeid	properNoun	nor
Bomann	properNoun	swe	Bomann	properNoun	nor
Manueles	properNoun	swe	Manueles	properNoun	nor
Kalervo	properNoun	swe	Kalervo	properNoun	nor
Gustav Vasa	properNoun	swe	Gustav Vasa	properNoun	nor
Midgard	properNoun	swe	Midgard	properNoun	nor
Ally	properNoun	swe	Ally	properNoun	nor
Fernando	properNoun	swe	Fernando	properNoun	nor
Kirves	properNoun	swe	Kirves	properNoun	nor
Kesed	properNoun	swe	Kesed	properNoun	nor
Stadhavet	properNoun	swe	Stadhavet	properNoun	nor
Solås	properNoun	swe	Solås	properNoun	nor
Hallstätter	properNoun	swe	Hallstätter	properNoun	nor
Paulsson	properNoun	swe	Paulsson	properNoun	nor
Lempiäinen	properNoun	swe	Lempiäinen	properNoun	nor
Almli	properNoun	swe	Almli	properNoun	nor
Stenseth	properNoun	swe	Stenseth	properNoun	nor
Torkildsson	properNoun	swe	Torkildsson	properNoun	nor
Obal	properNoun	swe	Obal	properNoun	nor
Laupstad	properNoun	swe	Laupstad	properNoun	nor
Andreevič	properNoun	swe	Andreevič	properNoun	nor
Hector	properNoun	swe	Hector	properNoun	nor
Zagreb	properNoun	swe	Zagreb	properNoun	nor
Stenbäck	properNoun	swe	Stenbäck	properNoun	nor
Soivio	properNoun	swe	Soivio	properNoun	nor
Puuska	properNoun	swe	Puuska	properNoun	nor
Annikken	properNoun	swe	Annikken	properNoun	nor
Torgrim	properNoun	swe	Torgrim	properNoun	nor
Asajávri	properNoun	swe	Asajávri	properNoun	nor
Kangaskolkka	properNoun	swe	Kangaskolkka	properNoun	nor
Hildegard	properNoun	swe	Hildegard	properNoun	nor
Sipi	properNoun	swe	Sipi	properNoun	nor
Pohjanheimo	properNoun	swe	Pohjanheimo	properNoun	nor
Cairns	properNoun	swe	Cairns	properNoun	nor
Perges	properNoun	swe	Perges	properNoun	nor
Snaith	properNoun	swe	Snaith	properNoun	nor
Ollikainen	properNoun	swe	Ollikainen	properNoun	nor
Mysen	properNoun	swe	Mysen	properNoun	nor
Korolainen	properNoun	swe	Korolainen	properNoun	nor
Surnadal	properNoun	swe	Surnadal	properNoun	nor
Konstantinopel	properNoun	swe	Konstantinopel	properNoun	nor
East	properNoun	swe	East	properNoun	nor
Juurinen	properNoun	swe	Juurinen	properNoun	nor
Nielsson	properNoun	swe	Nielsson	properNoun	nor
Mávnnosjohka	properNoun	swe	Mávnnosjohka	properNoun	nor
Mundheim	properNoun	swe	Mundheim	properNoun	nor
Lahtonen	properNoun	swe	Lahtonen	properNoun	nor
Hamre	properNoun	swe	Hamre	properNoun	nor
Asveig	properNoun	swe	Asveig	properNoun	nor
Heiniluoma	properNoun	swe	Heiniluoma	properNoun	nor
Shkodër	properNoun	swe	Shkodër	properNoun	nor
Teigmo	properNoun	swe	Teigmo	properNoun	nor
Piekkola	properNoun	swe	Piekkola	properNoun	nor
Børve	properNoun	swe	Børve	properNoun	nor
Folketinget	properNoun	swe	Folketinget	properNoun	nor
Benjaminsen	properNoun	swe	Benjaminsen	properNoun	nor
Urd	properNoun	swe	Urd	properNoun	nor
Ann-Iren	properNoun	swe	Ann-Iren	properNoun	nor
Ure	properNoun	swe	Ure	properNoun	nor
Teikari	properNoun	swe	Teikari	properNoun	nor
Ekrheim	properNoun	swe	Ekrheim	properNoun	nor
Länkinen	properNoun	swe	Länkinen	properNoun	nor
Honkasalo	properNoun	swe	Honkasalo	properNoun	nor
Akihito	properNoun	swe	Akihito	properNoun	nor
Audhild	properNoun	swe	Audhild	properNoun	nor
Finnøy	properNoun	swe	Finnøy	properNoun	nor
Turkka	properNoun	swe	Turkka	properNoun	nor
Sætermo	properNoun	swe	Sætermo	properNoun	nor
Høivik	properNoun	swe	Høivik	properNoun	nor
Lysias	properNoun	swe	Lysias	properNoun	nor
Juvvá	properNoun	swe	Juvvá	properNoun	nor
Uri	properNoun	swe	Uri	properNoun	nor
Remes	properNoun	swe	Remes	properNoun	nor
Ålesund	properNoun	swe	Ålesund	properNoun	nor
Signe	properNoun	swe	Signe	properNoun	nor
Karkkola	properNoun	swe	Karkkola	properNoun	nor
Tudor	properNoun	swe	Tudor	properNoun	nor
Remman	properNoun	swe	Remman	properNoun	nor
Niutanen	properNoun	swe	Niutanen	properNoun	nor
Lillienschiold	properNoun	swe	Lillienschiold	properNoun	nor
Vaara	properNoun	swe	Vaara	properNoun	nor
Magga	properNoun	swe	Magga	properNoun	nor
Ingerborg	properNoun	swe	Ingerborg	properNoun	nor
Arendal	properNoun	swe	Arendal	properNoun	nor
Vistnes	properNoun	swe	Vistnes	properNoun	nor
Turkki	properNoun	swe	Turkki	properNoun	nor
Svanberg	properNoun	swe	Svanberg	properNoun	nor
Agate	properNoun	swe	Agate	properNoun	nor
Madrid	properNoun	swe	Madrid	properNoun	nor
Malkki	properNoun	swe	Malkki	properNoun	nor
Katajala	properNoun	swe	Katajala	properNoun	nor
Lauesen	properNoun	swe	Lauesen	properNoun	nor
Nataša	properNoun	swe	Nataša	properNoun	nor
Slagstad	properNoun	swe	Slagstad	properNoun	nor
Jakhelln	properNoun	swe	Jakhelln	properNoun	nor
Bentsson	properNoun	swe	Bentsson	properNoun	nor
Øvre	properNoun	swe	Øvre	properNoun	nor
Marjomaa	properNoun	swe	Marjomaa	properNoun	nor
Laurila	properNoun	swe	Laurila	properNoun	nor
Riemmbe	properNoun	swe	Riemmbe	properNoun	nor
Vaari	properNoun	swe	Vaari	properNoun	nor
Hänninen	properNoun	swe	Hänninen	properNoun	nor
Kvartus	properNoun	swe	Kvartus	properNoun	nor
Maggi	properNoun	swe	Maggi	properNoun	nor
Kapstad	properNoun	swe	Kapstad	properNoun	nor
Eskildsen	properNoun	swe	Eskildsen	properNoun	nor
Battiste	properNoun	swe	Battiste	properNoun	nor
Torvaldson	properNoun	swe	Torvaldson	properNoun	nor
Salminen	properNoun	swe	Salminen	properNoun	nor
Jorgen	properNoun	swe	Jorgen	properNoun	nor
Eldrimne	properNoun	swe	Eldrimne	properNoun	nor
Koivulahti	properNoun	swe	Koivulahti	properNoun	nor
Dreux	properNoun	swe	Dreux	properNoun	nor
Ikornnes	properNoun	swe	Ikornnes	properNoun	nor
Veli	properNoun	swe	Veli	properNoun	nor
Romerike	properNoun	swe	Romerike	properNoun	nor
Stette	properNoun	swe	Stette	properNoun	nor
Mollerup	properNoun	swe	Mollerup	properNoun	nor
Osmundsen	properNoun	swe	Osmundsen	properNoun	nor
Alma	properNoun	swe	Alma	properNoun	nor
Whitehorse	properNoun	swe	Whitehorse	properNoun	nor
Signy	properNoun	swe	Signy	properNoun	nor
Ruuhonen	properNoun	swe	Ruuhonen	properNoun	nor
Christensen	properNoun	swe	Christensen	properNoun	nor
Panama	properNoun	swe	Panama	properNoun	nor
Kerola	properNoun	swe	Kerola	properNoun	nor
Heskestad	properNoun	swe	Heskestad	properNoun	nor
Silja	properNoun	swe	Silja	properNoun	nor
Alme	properNoun	swe	Alme	properNoun	nor
Lakselvbukt	properNoun	swe	Lakselvbukt	properNoun	nor
Hennie	properNoun	swe	Hennie	properNoun	nor
Erlandson	properNoun	swe	Erlandson	properNoun	nor
Hennig	properNoun	swe	Hennig	properNoun	nor
Jorge	properNoun	swe	Jorge	properNoun	nor
Värtinen	properNoun	swe	Värtinen	properNoun	nor
Lähteinen	properNoun	swe	Lähteinen	properNoun	nor
Silje	properNoun	swe	Silje	properNoun	nor
Stokka	properNoun	swe	Stokka	properNoun	nor
Värmland	properNoun	swe	Värmland	properNoun	nor
Raudasoja	properNoun	swe	Raudasoja	properNoun	nor
Gamme	properNoun	swe	Gamme	properNoun	nor
Luzern	properNoun	swe	Luzern	properNoun	nor
Pannula	properNoun	swe	Pannula	properNoun	nor
Heinilä	properNoun	swe	Heinilä	properNoun	nor
Haugen	properNoun	swe	Haugen	properNoun	nor
Stokke	properNoun	swe	Stokke	properNoun	nor
Lill-Anita	properNoun	swe	Lill-Anita	properNoun	nor
Kråkerøy	properNoun	swe	Kråkerøy	properNoun	nor
Hauger	properNoun	swe	Hauger	properNoun	nor
Edvin	properNoun	swe	Edvin	properNoun	nor
Baard	properNoun	swe	Baard	properNoun	nor
Ulan	properNoun	swe	Ulan	properNoun	nor
Karolinene	properNoun	swe	Karolinene	properNoun	nor
Bangladesh	properNoun	swe	Bangladesh	properNoun	nor
Kallatsa	properNoun	swe	Kallatsa	properNoun	nor
Boine	properNoun	swe	Boine	properNoun	nor
barne-TV	properNoun	swe	barne-TV	properNoun	nor
Evenášši	properNoun	swe	Evenášši	properNoun	nor
Campeche	properNoun	swe	Campeche	properNoun	nor
Anttolainen	properNoun	swe	Anttolainen	properNoun	nor
Linn-Hege	properNoun	swe	Linn-Hege	properNoun	nor
Ilves	properNoun	swe	Ilves	properNoun	nor
Moelv	properNoun	swe	Moelv	properNoun	nor
Øvrejord	properNoun	swe	Øvrejord	properNoun	nor
Kattilakoski	properNoun	swe	Kattilakoski	properNoun	nor
Kramvig	properNoun	swe	Kramvig	properNoun	nor
Irminger	properNoun	swe	Irminger	properNoun	nor
Sälen	properNoun	swe	Sälen	properNoun	nor
Tyssebotnen	properNoun	swe	Tyssebotnen	properNoun	nor
Øyfrid	properNoun	swe	Øyfrid	properNoun	nor
Sunnmøre	properNoun	swe	Sunnmøre	properNoun	nor
Kansanoja	properNoun	swe	Kansanoja	properNoun	nor
Baarn	properNoun	swe	Baarn	properNoun	nor
Alamos	properNoun	swe	Alamos	properNoun	nor
Kenkrea	properNoun	swe	Kenkrea	properNoun	nor
Carson	properNoun	swe	Carson	properNoun	nor
Grigorij	properNoun	swe	Grigorij	properNoun	nor
Törmälehto	properNoun	swe	Törmälehto	properNoun	nor
Rasa	properNoun	swe	Rasa	properNoun	nor
Vinci	properNoun	swe	Vinci	properNoun	nor
Thyssen	properNoun	swe	Thyssen	properNoun	nor
Harkerud	properNoun	swe	Harkerud	properNoun	nor
Elijssá	properNoun	swe	Elijssá	properNoun	nor
Matteus	properNoun	swe	Matteus	properNoun	nor
Arnljot	properNoun	swe	Arnljot	properNoun	nor
Ulrik	properNoun	swe	Ulrik	properNoun	nor
Sørløkken	properNoun	swe	Sørløkken	properNoun	nor
Austrheim	properNoun	swe	Austrheim	properNoun	nor
Leifsson	properNoun	swe	Leifsson	properNoun	nor
Jo	properNoun	swe	Jo	properNoun	nor
Stenbukk	properNoun	swe	Stenbukk	properNoun	nor
Myklebostad	properNoun	swe	Myklebostad	properNoun	nor
Saab	properNoun	swe	Saab	properNoun	nor
Niemimäki	properNoun	swe	Niemimäki	properNoun	nor
Apollon	properNoun	swe	Apollon	properNoun	nor
Lake	properNoun	swe	Lake	properNoun	nor
Jr	properNoun	swe	Jr	properNoun	nor
Aasta	properNoun	swe	Aasta	properNoun	nor
Hánssajeaggi	properNoun	swe	Hánssajeaggi	properNoun	nor
Storfjorden	properNoun	swe	Storfjorden	properNoun	nor
Rasi	properNoun	swe	Rasi	properNoun	nor
Fátima	properNoun	swe	Fátima	properNoun	nor
Rask	properNoun	swe	Rask	properNoun	nor
Grymyr	properNoun	swe	Grymyr	properNoun	nor
Apollos	properNoun	swe	Apollos	properNoun	nor
Audun	properNoun	swe	Audun	properNoun	nor
Alvhilde	properNoun	swe	Alvhilde	properNoun	nor
Fjellhamar	properNoun	swe	Fjellhamar	properNoun	nor
Lindstrøm	properNoun	swe	Lindstrøm	properNoun	nor
Rheinland-Pfalz	properNoun	swe	Rheinland-Pfalz	properNoun	nor
Schwerin	properNoun	swe	Schwerin	properNoun	nor
Poikkimäki	properNoun	swe	Poikkimäki	properNoun	nor
Kakriainen	properNoun	swe	Kakriainen	properNoun	nor
Øisten	properNoun	swe	Øisten	properNoun	nor
Montenegro	properNoun	swe	Montenegro	properNoun	nor
Teräs	properNoun	swe	Teräs	properNoun	nor
Scheilávdegoddi	properNoun	swe	Scheilávdegoddi	properNoun	nor
Klingenberg	properNoun	swe	Klingenberg	properNoun	nor
Kielland	properNoun	swe	Kielland	properNoun	nor
Asbjørnssen	properNoun	swe	Asbjørnssen	properNoun	nor
Rønbeck	properNoun	swe	Rønbeck	properNoun	nor
Giskejeaggi	properNoun	swe	Giskejeaggi	properNoun	nor
Hjellestad	properNoun	swe	Hjellestad	properNoun	nor
Kantojärvi	properNoun	swe	Kantojärvi	properNoun	nor
Heinimäki	properNoun	swe	Heinimäki	properNoun	nor
Skotte	properNoun	swe	Skotte	properNoun	nor
Rutanen	properNoun	swe	Rutanen	properNoun	nor
Rudrud	properNoun	swe	Rudrud	properNoun	nor
Ingemann	properNoun	swe	Ingemann	properNoun	nor
Biente	properNoun	swe	Biente	properNoun	nor
Naaman	properNoun	swe	Naaman	properNoun	nor
Uralfjella	properNoun	swe	Uralfjella	properNoun	nor
Saar	properNoun	swe	Saar	properNoun	nor
Gudmundsen	properNoun	swe	Gudmundsen	properNoun	nor
Harare	properNoun	swe	Harare	properNoun	nor
Bagsværd	properNoun	swe	Bagsværd	properNoun	nor
Magnusen	properNoun	swe	Magnusen	properNoun	nor
Puurtinen	properNoun	swe	Puurtinen	properNoun	nor
Lardal	properNoun	swe	Lardal	properNoun	nor
Siljá	properNoun	swe	Siljá	properNoun	nor
Målfrid	properNoun	swe	Målfrid	properNoun	nor
Konstanse	properNoun	swe	Konstanse	properNoun	nor
Kormu	properNoun	swe	Kormu	properNoun	nor
Nihkávađđa	properNoun	swe	Nihkávađđa	properNoun	nor
Cicilie	properNoun	swe	Cicilie	properNoun	nor
Aust-Berlin	properNoun	swe	Aust-Berlin	properNoun	nor
Chelsea	properNoun	swe	Chelsea	properNoun	nor
Rasch	properNoun	swe	Rasch	properNoun	nor
Polak	properNoun	swe	Polak	properNoun	nor
Vaasa	properNoun	swe	Vaasa	properNoun	nor
Ulefoss	properNoun	swe	Ulefoss	properNoun	nor
Husebø	properNoun	swe	Husebø	properNoun	nor
Agro	properNoun	swe	Agro	properNoun	nor
Kahila	properNoun	swe	Kahila	properNoun	nor
Kallojärvi	properNoun	swe	Kallojärvi	properNoun	nor
Benjamin	properNoun	swe	Benjamin	properNoun	nor
Augusta	properNoun	swe	Augusta	properNoun	nor
Megard	properNoun	swe	Megard	properNoun	nor
Ahvenjärvi	properNoun	swe	Ahvenjärvi	properNoun	nor
Fayshkabur	properNoun	swe	Fayshkabur	properNoun	nor
Alegre	properNoun	swe	Alegre	properNoun	nor
Kuivala	properNoun	swe	Kuivala	properNoun	nor
Kausar	properNoun	swe	Kausar	properNoun	nor
Huusari	properNoun	swe	Huusari	properNoun	nor
Edirne	properNoun	swe	Edirne	properNoun	nor
Bosettingsråd	properNoun	swe	Bosettingsråd	properNoun	nor
Syväjärvi	properNoun	swe	Syväjärvi	properNoun	nor
Laihanen	properNoun	swe	Laihanen	properNoun	nor
Raila	properNoun	swe	Raila	properNoun	nor
Poyang	properNoun	swe	Poyang	properNoun	nor
Veme	properNoun	swe	Veme	properNoun	nor
Risten	properNoun	swe	Risten	properNoun	nor
Hovdenak	properNoun	swe	Hovdenak	properNoun	nor
Nokelainen	properNoun	swe	Nokelainen	properNoun	nor
Dittejávri	properNoun	swe	Dittejávri	properNoun	nor
Håkonsen	properNoun	swe	Håkonsen	properNoun	nor
Kittelsen	properNoun	swe	Kittelsen	properNoun	nor
Ruohola	properNoun	swe	Ruohola	properNoun	nor
Järventausta	properNoun	swe	Järventausta	properNoun	nor
Torbjørnsson	properNoun	swe	Torbjørnsson	properNoun	nor
Mjelde	properNoun	swe	Mjelde	properNoun	nor
Gvarv	properNoun	swe	Gvarv	properNoun	nor
Webster	properNoun	swe	Webster	properNoun	nor
Lieppi	properNoun	swe	Lieppi	properNoun	nor
Bäckman	properNoun	swe	Bäckman	properNoun	nor
Tarkka	properNoun	swe	Tarkka	properNoun	nor
Sisyfos	properNoun	swe	Sisyfos	properNoun	nor
Duun	properNoun	swe	Duun	properNoun	nor
Lasarus	properNoun	swe	Lasarus	properNoun	nor
Lysander	properNoun	swe	Lysander	properNoun	nor
Juotasniemi	properNoun	swe	Juotasniemi	properNoun	nor
Halvorson	properNoun	swe	Halvorson	properNoun	nor
Valnes	properNoun	swe	Valnes	properNoun	nor
Svingstad	properNoun	swe	Svingstad	properNoun	nor
Essendrop	properNoun	swe	Essendrop	properNoun	nor
Railo	properNoun	swe	Railo	properNoun	nor
Mononen	properNoun	swe	Mononen	properNoun	nor
Villejávri	properNoun	swe	Villejávri	properNoun	nor
Franciscus	properNoun	swe	Franciscus	properNoun	nor
Dsjengiskhan	properNoun	swe	Dsjengiskhan	properNoun	nor
Peer	properNoun	swe	Peer	properNoun	nor
Edvardssen	properNoun	swe	Edvardssen	properNoun	nor
Aarikka	properNoun	swe	Aarikka	properNoun	nor
Skaidi	properNoun	swe	Skaidi	properNoun	nor
Homborsund	properNoun	swe	Homborsund	properNoun	nor
Dunker	properNoun	swe	Dunker	properNoun	nor
Buhølen	properNoun	swe	Buhølen	properNoun	nor
Limfjorden	properNoun	swe	Limfjorden	properNoun	nor
Fiane	properNoun	swe	Fiane	properNoun	nor
Willis	properNoun	swe	Willis	properNoun	nor
Gerner	properNoun	swe	Gerner	properNoun	nor
Crohn	properNoun	swe	Crohn	properNoun	nor
Naharijim	properNoun	swe	Naharijim	properNoun	nor
Hoftun	properNoun	swe	Hoftun	properNoun	nor
Weydahl	properNoun	swe	Weydahl	properNoun	nor
Verskeid	properNoun	swe	Verskeid	properNoun	nor
Hye-Knudsen	properNoun	swe	Hye-Knudsen	properNoun	nor
Kathe	properNoun	swe	Kathe	properNoun	nor
Hægeland	properNoun	swe	Hægeland	properNoun	nor
Bergersson	properNoun	swe	Bergersson	properNoun	nor
Orkla	properNoun	swe	Orkla	properNoun	nor
Turpela	properNoun	swe	Turpela	properNoun	nor
Puukkojávri	properNoun	swe	Puukkojávri	properNoun	nor
Folkemuseum	properNoun	swe	Folkemuseum	properNoun	nor
Bernhard	properNoun	swe	Bernhard	properNoun	nor
Åsskard	properNoun	swe	Åsskard	properNoun	nor
Matti	properNoun	swe	Matti	properNoun	nor
Anteri	properNoun	swe	Anteri	properNoun	nor
Ditten	properNoun	swe	Ditten	properNoun	nor
Heiskanen	properNoun	swe	Heiskanen	properNoun	nor
Øyslebø	properNoun	swe	Øyslebø	properNoun	nor
Saarimäki	properNoun	swe	Saarimäki	properNoun	nor
Pohjanpalo	properNoun	swe	Pohjanpalo	properNoun	nor
Ruby	properNoun	swe	Ruby	properNoun	nor
Matto	properNoun	swe	Matto	properNoun	nor
Antero	properNoun	swe	Antero	properNoun	nor
Saarenketo	properNoun	swe	Saarenketo	properNoun	nor
Sissala	properNoun	swe	Sissala	properNoun	nor
Fokker	properNoun	swe	Fokker	properNoun	nor
Vestfossen	properNoun	swe	Vestfossen	properNoun	nor
Korkee	properNoun	swe	Korkee	properNoun	nor
Sivunen	properNoun	swe	Sivunen	properNoun	nor
Fostvedt	properNoun	swe	Fostvedt	properNoun	nor
Matts	properNoun	swe	Matts	properNoun	nor
Asterix	properNoun	swe	Asterix	properNoun	nor
Gretha	properNoun	swe	Gretha	properNoun	nor
Hjortnæs	properNoun	swe	Hjortnæs	properNoun	nor
Sira	properNoun	swe	Sira	properNoun	nor
Norway	properNoun	swe	Norway	properNoun	nor
Flora	properNoun	swe	Flora	properNoun	nor
Vapaavuori	properNoun	swe	Vapaavuori	properNoun	nor
Grethe	properNoun	swe	Grethe	properNoun	nor
Lysanias	properNoun	swe	Lysanias	properNoun	nor
Håbjørg	properNoun	swe	Håbjørg	properNoun	nor
Holsengáddi	properNoun	swe	Holsengáddi	properNoun	nor
Kyrksæterøra	properNoun	swe	Kyrksæterøra	properNoun	nor
Sire	properNoun	swe	Sire	properNoun	nor
Larvik	properNoun	swe	Larvik	properNoun	nor
Svartskard	properNoun	swe	Svartskard	properNoun	nor
Saukkonen	properNoun	swe	Saukkonen	properNoun	nor
Mathisen	properNoun	swe	Mathisen	properNoun	nor
Staib	properNoun	swe	Staib	properNoun	nor
Kristenssen	properNoun	swe	Kristenssen	properNoun	nor
Niemelä	properNoun	swe	Niemelä	properNoun	nor
Mäntyranta	properNoun	swe	Mäntyranta	properNoun	nor
Balsajeaggejogaš	properNoun	swe	Balsajeaggejogaš	properNoun	nor
Siri	properNoun	swe	Siri	properNoun	nor
Lankinen	properNoun	swe	Lankinen	properNoun	nor
Grytting	properNoun	swe	Grytting	properNoun	nor
Tempel	properNoun	swe	Tempel	properNoun	nor
Marulf	properNoun	swe	Marulf	properNoun	nor
Pallonen	properNoun	swe	Pallonen	properNoun	nor
Pajulahti	properNoun	swe	Pajulahti	properNoun	nor
Hyökki	properNoun	swe	Hyökki	properNoun	nor
Draw	properNoun	swe	Draw	properNoun	nor
Fortran	properNoun	swe	Fortran	properNoun	nor
Kanariøyene	properNoun	swe	Kanariøyene	properNoun	nor
Kurvi	properNoun	swe	Kurvi	properNoun	nor
Kelahaara	properNoun	swe	Kelahaara	properNoun	nor
Huhtiniemi	properNoun	swe	Huhtiniemi	properNoun	nor
Ritva	properNoun	swe	Ritva	properNoun	nor
Lalm	properNoun	swe	Lalm	properNoun	nor
Siro	properNoun	swe	Siro	properNoun	nor
Luostari	properNoun	swe	Luostari	properNoun	nor
Tuutti	properNoun	swe	Tuutti	properNoun	nor
Ljung	properNoun	swe	Ljung	properNoun	nor
Fuglstad	properNoun	swe	Fuglstad	properNoun	nor
Olaisen	properNoun	swe	Olaisen	properNoun	nor
Rover	properNoun	swe	Rover	properNoun	nor
Sonjá	properNoun	swe	Sonjá	properNoun	nor
Broch	properNoun	swe	Broch	properNoun	nor
Baffinøya	properNoun	swe	Baffinøya	properNoun	nor
Egersund	properNoun	swe	Egersund	properNoun	nor
Patterson	properNoun	swe	Patterson	properNoun	nor
Jänis	properNoun	swe	Jänis	properNoun	nor
Lauritsen	properNoun	swe	Lauritsen	properNoun	nor
Brock	properNoun	swe	Brock	properNoun	nor
Leerstang	properNoun	swe	Leerstang	properNoun	nor
Viherkoski	properNoun	swe	Viherkoski	properNoun	nor
Sanna	properNoun	swe	Sanna	properNoun	nor
Kälviäinen	properNoun	swe	Kälviäinen	properNoun	nor
Varisjávri	properNoun	swe	Varisjávri	properNoun	nor
Sæbønes	properNoun	swe	Sæbønes	properNoun	nor
Norpipe	properNoun	swe	Norpipe	properNoun	nor
Gauldalen	properNoun	swe	Gauldalen	properNoun	nor
Marstrander	properNoun	swe	Marstrander	properNoun	nor
Sanne	properNoun	swe	Sanne	properNoun	nor
Winje	properNoun	swe	Winje	properNoun	nor
Lørenskog	properNoun	swe	Lørenskog	properNoun	nor
Voel	properNoun	swe	Voel	properNoun	nor
Seyffarth	properNoun	swe	Seyffarth	properNoun	nor
Watergate	properNoun	swe	Watergate	properNoun	nor
Salomonsen	properNoun	swe	Salomonsen	properNoun	nor
Tunkkari	properNoun	swe	Tunkkari	properNoun	nor
Salmenoja	properNoun	swe	Salmenoja	properNoun	nor
Christian	properNoun	swe	Christian	properNoun	nor
Sanni	properNoun	swe	Sanni	properNoun	nor
Uts	properNoun	swe	Uts	properNoun	nor
Laursen	properNoun	swe	Laursen	properNoun	nor
Kweilin	properNoun	swe	Kweilin	properNoun	nor
Kekäle	properNoun	swe	Kekäle	properNoun	nor
Homan	properNoun	swe	Homan	properNoun	nor
Epping	properNoun	swe	Epping	properNoun	nor
Raitala	properNoun	swe	Raitala	properNoun	nor
Marcel	properNoun	swe	Marcel	properNoun	nor
Nordvisjonen	properNoun	swe	Nordvisjonen	properNoun	nor
Klampenborg	properNoun	swe	Klampenborg	properNoun	nor
Ruismäki	properNoun	swe	Ruismäki	properNoun	nor
Rantatalo	properNoun	swe	Rantatalo	properNoun	nor
Yussuf	properNoun	swe	Yussuf	properNoun	nor
Sør-India	properNoun	swe	Sør-India	properNoun	nor
Koivunen	properNoun	swe	Koivunen	properNoun	nor
Eskesen	properNoun	swe	Eskesen	properNoun	nor
Markus	properNoun	swe	Markus	properNoun	nor
Soisalo	properNoun	swe	Soisalo	properNoun	nor
Sneltvedt	properNoun	swe	Sneltvedt	properNoun	nor
Harjuniemi	properNoun	swe	Harjuniemi	properNoun	nor
Lauring	properNoun	swe	Lauring	properNoun	nor
Kangasharju	properNoun	swe	Kangasharju	properNoun	nor
Winchester	properNoun	swe	Winchester	properNoun	nor
Sæther	properNoun	swe	Sæther	properNoun	nor
Vorarlberg	properNoun	swe	Vorarlberg	properNoun	nor
Sandvig	properNoun	swe	Sandvig	properNoun	nor
Reinstad	properNoun	swe	Reinstad	properNoun	nor
Bakka	properNoun	swe	Bakka	properNoun	nor
Laanest	properNoun	swe	Laanest	properNoun	nor
Plata	properNoun	swe	Plata	properNoun	nor
Vuollejohka	properNoun	swe	Vuollejohka	properNoun	nor
Tschudi	properNoun	swe	Tschudi	properNoun	nor
Groseth	properNoun	swe	Groseth	properNoun	nor
Lyngby	properNoun	swe	Lyngby	properNoun	nor
Madssen	properNoun	swe	Madssen	properNoun	nor
LO	properNoun	swe	LO	properNoun	nor
Sandvik	properNoun	swe	Sandvik	properNoun	nor
Perkola	properNoun	swe	Perkola	properNoun	nor
Bonsaksen	properNoun	swe	Bonsaksen	properNoun	nor
Bakke	properNoun	swe	Bakke	properNoun	nor
Venn	properNoun	swe	Venn	properNoun	nor
Sønvinsen	properNoun	swe	Sønvinsen	properNoun	nor
Grødset	properNoun	swe	Grødset	properNoun	nor
Ernstsen	properNoun	swe	Ernstsen	properNoun	nor
Kulo	properNoun	swe	Kulo	properNoun	nor
Westminster	properNoun	swe	Westminster	properNoun	nor
Trine-Lise	properNoun	swe	Trine-Lise	properNoun	nor
Lowestoft	properNoun	swe	Lowestoft	properNoun	nor
Heyerdahl	properNoun	swe	Heyerdahl	properNoun	nor
Volkswagen	properNoun	swe	Volkswagen	properNoun	nor
Moeng	properNoun	swe	Moeng	properNoun	nor
Balsajeaggi	properNoun	swe	Balsajeaggi	properNoun	nor
Raimo	properNoun	swe	Raimo	properNoun	nor
Jorid	properNoun	swe	Jorid	properNoun	nor
Snippen	properNoun	swe	Snippen	properNoun	nor
Utsi	properNoun	swe	Utsi	properNoun	nor
Vest-Berlin	properNoun	swe	Vest-Berlin	properNoun	nor
Kringstad	properNoun	swe	Kringstad	properNoun	nor
Bjørn-Tore	properNoun	swe	Bjørn-Tore	properNoun	nor
Solti	properNoun	swe	Solti	properNoun	nor
Renate	properNoun	swe	Renate	properNoun	nor
Wilhelmssen	properNoun	swe	Wilhelmssen	properNoun	nor
Leivo	properNoun	swe	Leivo	properNoun	nor
Jakonen	properNoun	swe	Jakonen	properNoun	nor
Hakula	properNoun	swe	Hakula	properNoun	nor
Komsi	properNoun	swe	Komsi	properNoun	nor
Hallager	properNoun	swe	Hallager	properNoun	nor
Schlytter	properNoun	swe	Schlytter	properNoun	nor
Filppula	properNoun	swe	Filppula	properNoun	nor
Eifel	properNoun	swe	Eifel	properNoun	nor
Jorim	properNoun	swe	Jorim	properNoun	nor
Katie	properNoun	swe	Katie	properNoun	nor
Bjugan	properNoun	swe	Bjugan	properNoun	nor
Kirvesmäki	properNoun	swe	Kirvesmäki	properNoun	nor
Avdeev	properNoun	swe	Avdeev	properNoun	nor
Clauson	properNoun	swe	Clauson	properNoun	nor
Perttala	properNoun	swe	Perttala	properNoun	nor
Rannikko	properNoun	swe	Rannikko	properNoun	nor
Erkinaro	properNoun	swe	Erkinaro	properNoun	nor
Martela	properNoun	swe	Martela	properNoun	nor
Hamnes	properNoun	swe	Hamnes	properNoun	nor
Hakuli	properNoun	swe	Hakuli	properNoun	nor
Dánel	properNoun	swe	Dánel	properNoun	nor
Njål	properNoun	swe	Njål	properNoun	nor
Øiseth	properNoun	swe	Øiseth	properNoun	nor
Jektvik	properNoun	swe	Jektvik	properNoun	nor
Furuseth	properNoun	swe	Furuseth	properNoun	nor
Nyrhinen	properNoun	swe	Nyrhinen	properNoun	nor
Buxtehude	properNoun	swe	Buxtehude	properNoun	nor
Li	properNoun	swe	Li	properNoun	nor
Krooka-Verneri	properNoun	swe	Krooka-Verneri	properNoun	nor
Fister	properNoun	swe	Fister	properNoun	nor
Eefsen	properNoun	swe	Eefsen	properNoun	nor
Jeblad	properNoun	swe	Jeblad	properNoun	nor
Sašša	properNoun	swe	Sašša	properNoun	nor
Inkilä	properNoun	swe	Inkilä	properNoun	nor
Orava	properNoun	swe	Orava	properNoun	nor
Torvald	properNoun	swe	Torvald	properNoun	nor
Thorstein	properNoun	swe	Thorstein	properNoun	nor
Galleberg	properNoun	swe	Galleberg	properNoun	nor
Elonen	properNoun	swe	Elonen	properNoun	nor
Godtfred	properNoun	swe	Godtfred	properNoun	nor
Mike	properNoun	swe	Mike	properNoun	nor
Martikkala	properNoun	swe	Martikkala	properNoun	nor
Feistein	properNoun	swe	Feistein	properNoun	nor
Kononen	properNoun	swe	Kononen	properNoun	nor
Frederikssted	properNoun	swe	Frederikssted	properNoun	nor
Vihervuori	properNoun	swe	Vihervuori	properNoun	nor
Caspari	properNoun	swe	Caspari	properNoun	nor
Secher	properNoun	swe	Secher	properNoun	nor
Harkki	properNoun	swe	Harkki	properNoun	nor
Mágge	properNoun	swe	Mágge	properNoun	nor
Hordvik	properNoun	swe	Hordvik	properNoun	nor
Hepo-oja	properNoun	swe	Hepo-oja	properNoun	nor
Odlaug	properNoun	swe	Odlaug	properNoun	nor
Kristianssen	properNoun	swe	Kristianssen	properNoun	nor
Vines	properNoun	swe	Vines	properNoun	nor
Tunis	properNoun	swe	Tunis	properNoun	nor
Urhonen	properNoun	swe	Urhonen	properNoun	nor
Lynge	properNoun	swe	Lynge	properNoun	nor
Jeskanen	properNoun	swe	Jeskanen	properNoun	nor
Reidulf	properNoun	swe	Reidulf	properNoun	nor
Ulpianus	properNoun	swe	Ulpianus	properNoun	nor
Suikka	properNoun	swe	Suikka	properNoun	nor
Granlien	properNoun	swe	Granlien	properNoun	nor
Per-Einar	properNoun	swe	Per-Einar	properNoun	nor
Linder	properNoun	swe	Linder	properNoun	nor
Mäkäläinen	properNoun	swe	Mäkäläinen	properNoun	nor
Bhutan	properNoun	swe	Bhutan	properNoun	nor
Tervaniemi	properNoun	swe	Tervaniemi	properNoun	nor
Rydland	properNoun	swe	Rydland	properNoun	nor
Kämppi	properNoun	swe	Kämppi	properNoun	nor
Biret-Káre	properNoun	swe	Biret-Káre	properNoun	nor
Riissanen	properNoun	swe	Riissanen	properNoun	nor
Frantsen	properNoun	swe	Frantsen	properNoun	nor
Godheim	properNoun	swe	Godheim	properNoun	nor
Jomna	properNoun	swe	Jomna	properNoun	nor
Veiberg	properNoun	swe	Veiberg	properNoun	nor
Bore	properNoun	swe	Bore	properNoun	nor
Bingen	properNoun	swe	Bingen	properNoun	nor
Flesland	properNoun	swe	Flesland	properNoun	nor
Herren	properNoun	swe	Herren	properNoun	nor
Norrbotten	properNoun	swe	Norrbotten	properNoun	nor
Khan	properNoun	swe	Khan	properNoun	nor
Ashford	properNoun	swe	Ashford	properNoun	nor
Hamul	properNoun	swe	Hamul	properNoun	nor
Helland	properNoun	swe	Helland	properNoun	nor
Suikki	properNoun	swe	Suikki	properNoun	nor
Markaryd	properNoun	swe	Markaryd	properNoun	nor
Kjølstad	properNoun	swe	Kjølstad	properNoun	nor
Bieramaras	properNoun	swe	Bieramaras	properNoun	nor
Boigny	properNoun	swe	Boigny	properNoun	nor
Borg	properNoun	swe	Borg	properNoun	nor
Albertville-OL	properNoun	swe	Albertville-OL	properNoun	nor
Niels	properNoun	swe	Niels	properNoun	nor
Koror	properNoun	swe	Koror	properNoun	nor
Pertti	properNoun	swe	Pertti	properNoun	nor
Caspary	properNoun	swe	Caspary	properNoun	nor
Hedda	properNoun	swe	Hedda	properNoun	nor
Ingstad	properNoun	swe	Ingstad	properNoun	nor
Erebus	properNoun	swe	Erebus	properNoun	nor
Bork	properNoun	swe	Bork	properNoun	nor
Lamy	properNoun	swe	Lamy	properNoun	nor
Issán	properNoun	swe	Issán	properNoun	nor
Jouppi	properNoun	swe	Jouppi	properNoun	nor
Tor-Inge	properNoun	swe	Tor-Inge	properNoun	nor
Sirkka	properNoun	swe	Sirkka	properNoun	nor
Gunnhild	properNoun	swe	Gunnhild	properNoun	nor
Pitko	properNoun	swe	Pitko	properNoun	nor
Leirbakken	properNoun	swe	Leirbakken	properNoun	nor
Kalliosaari	properNoun	swe	Kalliosaari	properNoun	nor
Augustin	properNoun	swe	Augustin	properNoun	nor
Malfrid	properNoun	swe	Malfrid	properNoun	nor
Angola	properNoun	swe	Angola	properNoun	nor
Pierajohka	properNoun	swe	Pierajohka	properNoun	nor
Burton	properNoun	swe	Burton	properNoun	nor
Nordrhein	properNoun	swe	Nordrhein	properNoun	nor
Vatsvik	properNoun	swe	Vatsvik	properNoun	nor
Damgaard	properNoun	swe	Damgaard	properNoun	nor
Putaansuu	properNoun	swe	Putaansuu	properNoun	nor
Lahdenmäki	properNoun	swe	Lahdenmäki	properNoun	nor
Issát	properNoun	swe	Issát	properNoun	nor
Iversson	properNoun	swe	Iversson	properNoun	nor
Tusen	properNoun	swe	Tusen	properNoun	nor
Kyngäs	properNoun	swe	Kyngäs	properNoun	nor
Perttu	properNoun	swe	Perttu	properNoun	nor
Endreson	properNoun	swe	Endreson	properNoun	nor
Laukkonen	properNoun	swe	Laukkonen	properNoun	nor
Bauck	properNoun	swe	Bauck	properNoun	nor
Brøndbyg	properNoun	swe	Brøndbyg	properNoun	nor
Sunde	properNoun	swe	Sunde	properNoun	nor
Kiær	properNoun	swe	Kiær	properNoun	nor
Karoliinnat	properNoun	swe	Karoliinnat	properNoun	nor
Nisterud	properNoun	swe	Nisterud	properNoun	nor
Liinamaa	properNoun	swe	Liinamaa	properNoun	nor
Holmenkolldagen	properNoun	swe	Holmenkolldagen	properNoun	nor
Rossland	properNoun	swe	Rossland	properNoun	nor
Honkavaara	properNoun	swe	Honkavaara	properNoun	nor
Hempel	properNoun	swe	Hempel	properNoun	nor
Øverli	properNoun	swe	Øverli	properNoun	nor
Kvål	properNoun	swe	Kvål	properNoun	nor
Holtsås	properNoun	swe	Holtsås	properNoun	nor
Blodgett	properNoun	swe	Blodgett	properNoun	nor
Kaarina	properNoun	swe	Kaarina	properNoun	nor
Krumsvik	properNoun	swe	Krumsvik	properNoun	nor
Jostedal	properNoun	swe	Jostedal	properNoun	nor
Gabrielle	properNoun	swe	Gabrielle	properNoun	nor
Malawi	properNoun	swe	Malawi	properNoun	nor
Eidfjord	properNoun	swe	Eidfjord	properNoun	nor
Hallsberg	properNoun	swe	Hallsberg	properNoun	nor
Width	properNoun	swe	Width	properNoun	nor
Juujärvi	properNoun	swe	Juujärvi	properNoun	nor
Rab	properNoun	swe	Rab	properNoun	nor
Annabel	properNoun	swe	Annabel	properNoun	nor
Nihtilä	properNoun	swe	Nihtilä	properNoun	nor
Eyolf	properNoun	swe	Eyolf	properNoun	nor
Offersen	properNoun	swe	Offersen	properNoun	nor
Godeset	properNoun	swe	Godeset	properNoun	nor
Bayern	properNoun	swe	Bayern	properNoun	nor
Rakkola	properNoun	swe	Rakkola	properNoun	nor
Rae	properNoun	swe	Rae	properNoun	nor
Brinch	properNoun	swe	Brinch	properNoun	nor
Vedavågen	properNoun	swe	Vedavågen	properNoun	nor
Rudi	properNoun	swe	Rudi	properNoun	nor
Johannesson	properNoun	swe	Johannesson	properNoun	nor
Brenden	properNoun	swe	Brenden	properNoun	nor
Tinglev	properNoun	swe	Tinglev	properNoun	nor
Ekne	properNoun	swe	Ekne	properNoun	nor
Brinck	properNoun	swe	Brinck	properNoun	nor
Aittomäki	properNoun	swe	Aittomäki	properNoun	nor
Sundt	properNoun	swe	Sundt	properNoun	nor
Rochon	properNoun	swe	Rochon	properNoun	nor
Jurri	properNoun	swe	Jurri	properNoun	nor
Felix	properNoun	swe	Felix	properNoun	nor
Hermansen	properNoun	swe	Hermansen	properNoun	nor
Maunumäki	properNoun	swe	Maunumäki	properNoun	nor
Zolzaya	properNoun	swe	Zolzaya	properNoun	nor
Katja	properNoun	swe	Katja	properNoun	nor
Tyskland	properNoun	swe	Tyskland	properNoun	nor
Stalingrad	properNoun	swe	Stalingrad	properNoun	nor
Somppi	properNoun	swe	Somppi	properNoun	nor
Klemens	properNoun	swe	Klemens	properNoun	nor
Gihtte	properNoun	swe	Gihtte	properNoun	nor
Lappen	properNoun	swe	Lappen	properNoun	nor
Gimnes	properNoun	swe	Gimnes	properNoun	nor
Fjerritslev	properNoun	swe	Fjerritslev	properNoun	nor
Brantenberg	properNoun	swe	Brantenberg	properNoun	nor
Saikko	properNoun	swe	Saikko	properNoun	nor
Alpo	properNoun	swe	Alpo	properNoun	nor
Sorvali	properNoun	swe	Sorvali	properNoun	nor
Solum	properNoun	swe	Solum	properNoun	nor
Moløkken	properNoun	swe	Moløkken	properNoun	nor
Kontunen	properNoun	swe	Kontunen	properNoun	nor
Joakimsen	properNoun	swe	Joakimsen	properNoun	nor
Tomassen	properNoun	swe	Tomassen	properNoun	nor
Saario	properNoun	swe	Saario	properNoun	nor
Matinlassi	properNoun	swe	Matinlassi	properNoun	nor
Kiiskilä	properNoun	swe	Kiiskilä	properNoun	nor
Carstensen	properNoun	swe	Carstensen	properNoun	nor
Notodden	properNoun	swe	Notodden	properNoun	nor
Røra	properNoun	swe	Røra	properNoun	nor
Hognestad	properNoun	swe	Hognestad	properNoun	nor
Anneli	properNoun	swe	Anneli	properNoun	nor
Balearene	properNoun	swe	Balearene	properNoun	nor
Riekkinen	properNoun	swe	Riekkinen	properNoun	nor
Mutanen	properNoun	swe	Mutanen	properNoun	nor
Ras	properNoun	swe	Ras	properNoun	nor
Hongisto	properNoun	swe	Hongisto	properNoun	nor
Gaardsvold	properNoun	swe	Gaardsvold	properNoun	nor
William	properNoun	swe	William	properNoun	nor
Obed	properNoun	swe	Obed	properNoun	nor
Joackim	properNoun	swe	Joackim	properNoun	nor
Baukop	properNoun	swe	Baukop	properNoun	nor
Åbo	properNoun	swe	Åbo	properNoun	nor
Pakola	properNoun	swe	Pakola	properNoun	nor
Anfin	properNoun	swe	Anfin	properNoun	nor
Amund	properNoun	swe	Amund	properNoun	nor
Lagtinget	properNoun	swe	Lagtinget	properNoun	nor
Houston	properNoun	swe	Houston	properNoun	nor
Steinløs	properNoun	swe	Steinløs	properNoun	nor
Ray	properNoun	swe	Ray	properNoun	nor
Vivvi	properNoun	swe	Vivvi	properNoun	nor
Kajsa	properNoun	swe	Kajsa	properNoun	nor
Rosario	properNoun	swe	Rosario	properNoun	nor
Østvold	properNoun	swe	Østvold	properNoun	nor
Temte	properNoun	swe	Temte	properNoun	nor
Neufelt	properNoun	swe	Neufelt	properNoun	nor
Lauvås	properNoun	swe	Lauvås	properNoun	nor
Hautalahti	properNoun	swe	Hautalahti	properNoun	nor
Neslein	properNoun	swe	Neslein	properNoun	nor
Malinen	properNoun	swe	Malinen	properNoun	nor
Gregerssen	properNoun	swe	Gregerssen	properNoun	nor
Wittenberg	properNoun	swe	Wittenberg	properNoun	nor
Wenzin	properNoun	swe	Wenzin	properNoun	nor
Natås	properNoun	swe	Natås	properNoun	nor
Lorenz	properNoun	swe	Lorenz	properNoun	nor
Hjo	properNoun	swe	Hjo	properNoun	nor
Klemelä	properNoun	swe	Klemelä	properNoun	nor
Godtfredsen	properNoun	swe	Godtfredsen	properNoun	nor
Land	properNoun	swe	Land	properNoun	nor
Lane	properNoun	swe	Lane	properNoun	nor
Mieskolainen	properNoun	swe	Mieskolainen	properNoun	nor
Saadi	properNoun	swe	Saadi	properNoun	nor
Feisal	properNoun	swe	Feisal	properNoun	nor
Yale	properNoun	swe	Yale	properNoun	nor
Bordeaux	properNoun	swe	Bordeaux	properNoun	nor
Beahcejávri	properNoun	swe	Beahcejávri	properNoun	nor
Filippi	properNoun	swe	Filippi	properNoun	nor
Mr	properNoun	swe	Mr	properNoun	nor
Sade	properNoun	swe	Sade	properNoun	nor
Askheim	properNoun	swe	Askheim	properNoun	nor
Vendelboe	properNoun	swe	Vendelboe	properNoun	nor
Saito	properNoun	swe	Saito	properNoun	nor
Lindtner	properNoun	swe	Lindtner	properNoun	nor
Deichmann	properNoun	swe	Deichmann	properNoun	nor
Borås	properNoun	swe	Borås	properNoun	nor
Jovnnajohka	properNoun	swe	Jovnnajohka	properNoun	nor
Vaakanainen	properNoun	swe	Vaakanainen	properNoun	nor
Dørstad	properNoun	swe	Dørstad	properNoun	nor
Sujujujjá	properNoun	swe	Sujujujjá	properNoun	nor
Niemi	properNoun	swe	Niemi	properNoun	nor
Mill	properNoun	swe	Mill	properNoun	nor
Cruz	properNoun	swe	Cruz	properNoun	nor
Hakonen	properNoun	swe	Hakonen	properNoun	nor
Mosbye	properNoun	swe	Mosbye	properNoun	nor
Korpi	properNoun	swe	Korpi	properNoun	nor
Anttilainen	properNoun	swe	Anttilainen	properNoun	nor
Keiski	properNoun	swe	Keiski	properNoun	nor
Søreide	properNoun	swe	Søreide	properNoun	nor
Korhonen	properNoun	swe	Korhonen	properNoun	nor
Jæger	properNoun	swe	Jæger	properNoun	nor
Muhamet	properNoun	swe	Muhamet	properNoun	nor
Hvittingfoss	properNoun	swe	Hvittingfoss	properNoun	nor
Olavsen	properNoun	swe	Olavsen	properNoun	nor
Vaaranmaa	properNoun	swe	Vaaranmaa	properNoun	nor
Lensu	properNoun	swe	Lensu	properNoun	nor
Karhunen	properNoun	swe	Karhunen	properNoun	nor
Haubroe	properNoun	swe	Haubroe	properNoun	nor
Halkola	properNoun	swe	Halkola	properNoun	nor
Tørkopp	properNoun	swe	Tørkopp	properNoun	nor
Korpo	properNoun	swe	Korpo	properNoun	nor
Jesson	properNoun	swe	Jesson	properNoun	nor
Huhtamella	properNoun	swe	Huhtamella	properNoun	nor
BBC	properNoun	swe	BBC	properNoun	nor
House	properNoun	swe	House	properNoun	nor
Korvenoja	properNoun	swe	Korvenoja	properNoun	nor
Nalli	properNoun	swe	Nalli	properNoun	nor
Hyry	properNoun	swe	Hyry	properNoun	nor
Pulli	properNoun	swe	Pulli	properNoun	nor
Neuwied	properNoun	swe	Neuwied	properNoun	nor
Broen	properNoun	swe	Broen	properNoun	nor
Modoroo	properNoun	swe	Modoroo	properNoun	nor
Sakkeus	properNoun	swe	Sakkeus	properNoun	nor
Remmen	properNoun	swe	Remmen	properNoun	nor
Lucanus	properNoun	swe	Lucanus	properNoun	nor
Oddhild	properNoun	swe	Oddhild	properNoun	nor
Idaho	properNoun	swe	Idaho	properNoun	nor
Sigri	properNoun	swe	Sigri	properNoun	nor
Lukkøye	properNoun	swe	Lukkøye	properNoun	nor
Kristina	properNoun	swe	Kristina	properNoun	nor
Anker	properNoun	swe	Anker	properNoun	nor
Naftal	properNoun	swe	Naftal	properNoun	nor
Kattelus	properNoun	swe	Kattelus	properNoun	nor
Osiris	properNoun	swe	Osiris	properNoun	nor
Martinusson	properNoun	swe	Martinusson	properNoun	nor
Cyrus	properNoun	swe	Cyrus	properNoun	nor
Pyreneene	properNoun	swe	Pyreneene	properNoun	nor
Vilhunen	properNoun	swe	Vilhunen	properNoun	nor
Prusila	properNoun	swe	Prusila	properNoun	nor
Kristine	properNoun	swe	Kristine	properNoun	nor
Bakkeli	properNoun	swe	Bakkeli	properNoun	nor
Per-Arne	properNoun	swe	Per-Arne	properNoun	nor
Frankfurt	properNoun	swe	Frankfurt	properNoun	nor
Klagemuren	properNoun	swe	Klagemuren	properNoun	nor
Tordis	properNoun	swe	Tordis	properNoun	nor
Tynkkynen	properNoun	swe	Tynkkynen	properNoun	nor
Sponheim	properNoun	swe	Sponheim	properNoun	nor
Dramselva	properNoun	swe	Dramselva	properNoun	nor
Vogt	properNoun	swe	Vogt	properNoun	nor
Teivonen	properNoun	swe	Teivonen	properNoun	nor
Schjøtt-Pedersen	properNoun	swe	Schjøtt-Pedersen	properNoun	nor
Vähäkoski	properNoun	swe	Vähäkoski	properNoun	nor
Matila	properNoun	swe	Matila	properNoun	nor
Jonás	properNoun	swe	Jonás	properNoun	nor
Detroit	properNoun	swe	Detroit	properNoun	nor
Hussain	properNoun	swe	Hussain	properNoun	nor
Majjen	properNoun	swe	Majjen	properNoun	nor
Matild	properNoun	swe	Matild	properNoun	nor
Isomäki	properNoun	swe	Isomäki	properNoun	nor
Ingila	properNoun	swe	Ingila	properNoun	nor
Birjá	properNoun	swe	Birjá	properNoun	nor
Fyresdal	properNoun	swe	Fyresdal	properNoun	nor
Kvæn	properNoun	swe	Kvæn	properNoun	nor
Hannula	properNoun	swe	Hannula	properNoun	nor
Villiam	properNoun	swe	Villiam	properNoun	nor
Andesfjella	properNoun	swe	Andesfjella	properNoun	nor
Kárral	properNoun	swe	Kárral	properNoun	nor
Harri	properNoun	swe	Harri	properNoun	nor
Ystad	properNoun	swe	Ystad	properNoun	nor
Macclesfield	properNoun	swe	Macclesfield	properNoun	nor
Sinisalo	properNoun	swe	Sinisalo	properNoun	nor
Liberia	properNoun	swe	Liberia	properNoun	nor
Klevjerhagen	properNoun	swe	Klevjerhagen	properNoun	nor
Joseph	properNoun	swe	Joseph	properNoun	nor
Brošhin	properNoun	swe	Brošhin	properNoun	nor
Jürgen	properNoun	swe	Jürgen	properNoun	nor
Mávnnos	properNoun	swe	Mávnnos	properNoun	nor
Edelveis	properNoun	swe	Edelveis	properNoun	nor
Bestun	properNoun	swe	Bestun	properNoun	nor
Serina	properNoun	swe	Serina	properNoun	nor
Ivvárasággi	properNoun	swe	Ivvárasággi	properNoun	nor
Walther	properNoun	swe	Walther	properNoun	nor
Graham	properNoun	swe	Graham	properNoun	nor
Tsjeljuskin	properNoun	swe	Tsjeljuskin	properNoun	nor
Ljubljana	properNoun	swe	Ljubljana	properNoun	nor
Udnæs	properNoun	swe	Udnæs	properNoun	nor
Sundholm	properNoun	swe	Sundholm	properNoun	nor
Solvi	properNoun	swe	Solvi	properNoun	nor
Gjertrud	properNoun	swe	Gjertrud	properNoun	nor
Simonstad	properNoun	swe	Simonstad	properNoun	nor
Mutka	properNoun	swe	Mutka	properNoun	nor
Foundation	properNoun	swe	Foundation	properNoun	nor
Serine	properNoun	swe	Serine	properNoun	nor
Thyrring	properNoun	swe	Thyrring	properNoun	nor
Aanesland	properNoun	swe	Aanesland	properNoun	nor
Adal	properNoun	swe	Adal	properNoun	nor
Järvilehto	properNoun	swe	Järvilehto	properNoun	nor
Adam	properNoun	swe	Adam	properNoun	nor
Olsrud	properNoun	swe	Olsrud	properNoun	nor
Eikaberg	properNoun	swe	Eikaberg	properNoun	nor
Ahokainen	properNoun	swe	Ahokainen	properNoun	nor
Harry	properNoun	swe	Harry	properNoun	nor
Bridgwater	properNoun	swe	Bridgwater	properNoun	nor
Vahter	properNoun	swe	Vahter	properNoun	nor
Kenny	properNoun	swe	Kenny	properNoun	nor
Fiva	properNoun	swe	Fiva	properNoun	nor
Vedhugnes	properNoun	swe	Vedhugnes	properNoun	nor
Rosenlund	properNoun	swe	Rosenlund	properNoun	nor
Lemvig	properNoun	swe	Lemvig	properNoun	nor
Kimmo	properNoun	swe	Kimmo	properNoun	nor
Torsten	properNoun	swe	Torsten	properNoun	nor
Hippe	properNoun	swe	Hippe	properNoun	nor
Thorgeir	properNoun	swe	Thorgeir	properNoun	nor
Kaspersen	properNoun	swe	Kaspersen	properNoun	nor
Hasselberg	properNoun	swe	Hasselberg	properNoun	nor
Heilbuth	properNoun	swe	Heilbuth	properNoun	nor
Five	properNoun	swe	Five	properNoun	nor
Svendsen	properNoun	swe	Svendsen	properNoun	nor
Gåre	properNoun	swe	Gåre	properNoun	nor
Tarzan	properNoun	swe	Tarzan	properNoun	nor
Skogli	properNoun	swe	Skogli	properNoun	nor
Hippi	properNoun	swe	Hippi	properNoun	nor
Bongard	properNoun	swe	Bongard	properNoun	nor
Bonakas	properNoun	swe	Bonakas	properNoun	nor
Helsingforskomiteen	properNoun	swe	Helsingforskomiteen	properNoun	nor
Ašen-nieida	properNoun	swe	Ašen-nieida	properNoun	nor
Ranki	properNoun	swe	Ranki	properNoun	nor
Melvold	properNoun	swe	Melvold	properNoun	nor
Hiivala	properNoun	swe	Hiivala	properNoun	nor
Thuesen	properNoun	swe	Thuesen	properNoun	nor
Newmarket	properNoun	swe	Newmarket	properNoun	nor
Porvali	properNoun	swe	Porvali	properNoun	nor
Lintumäki	properNoun	swe	Lintumäki	properNoun	nor
Björn	properNoun	swe	Björn	properNoun	nor
Susan	properNoun	swe	Susan	properNoun	nor
Burgen	properNoun	swe	Burgen	properNoun	nor
Mime	properNoun	swe	Mime	properNoun	nor
Olaissen	properNoun	swe	Olaissen	properNoun	nor
Vasara-Hammare	properNoun	swe	Vasara-Hammare	properNoun	nor
Seymour	properNoun	swe	Seymour	properNoun	nor
Røst	properNoun	swe	Røst	properNoun	nor
Yamaha	properNoun	swe	Yamaha	properNoun	nor
Sandtorg	properNoun	swe	Sandtorg	properNoun	nor
Nicholas	properNoun	swe	Nicholas	properNoun	nor
Mimi	properNoun	swe	Mimi	properNoun	nor
Martens	properNoun	swe	Martens	properNoun	nor
Middlesbrough	properNoun	swe	Middlesbrough	properNoun	nor
Viljakainen	properNoun	swe	Viljakainen	properNoun	nor
Decius	properNoun	swe	Decius	properNoun	nor
Fredrikstad	properNoun	swe	Fredrikstad	properNoun	nor
Rehling	properNoun	swe	Rehling	properNoun	nor
Bearačielggejávri	properNoun	swe	Bearačielggejávri	properNoun	nor
Laon	properNoun	swe	Laon	properNoun	nor
Norskekysten	properNoun	swe	Norskekysten	properNoun	nor
Vesterålen	properNoun	swe	Vesterålen	properNoun	nor
Ellefssen	properNoun	swe	Ellefssen	properNoun	nor
Södermalm	properNoun	swe	Södermalm	properNoun	nor
Skallagrimsson	properNoun	swe	Skallagrimsson	properNoun	nor
Pittja	properNoun	swe	Pittja	properNoun	nor
Miennagohppi	properNoun	swe	Miennagohppi	properNoun	nor
Karl XII	properNoun	swe	Karl XII	properNoun	nor
Trelleborg	properNoun	swe	Trelleborg	properNoun	nor
Uwe	properNoun	swe	Uwe	properNoun	nor
Brandval	properNoun	swe	Brandval	properNoun	nor
Woxholt	properNoun	swe	Woxholt	properNoun	nor
Suorravárri	properNoun	swe	Suorravárri	properNoun	nor
Skælskør	properNoun	swe	Skælskør	properNoun	nor
Kojak	properNoun	swe	Kojak	properNoun	nor
Akeldamaki	properNoun	swe	Akeldamaki	properNoun	nor
Lågen	properNoun	swe	Lågen	properNoun	nor
Kirin	properNoun	swe	Kirin	properNoun	nor
Reidunn	properNoun	swe	Reidunn	properNoun	nor
Julekveldsvisa	properNoun	swe	Julekveldsvisa	properNoun	nor
Libanon	properNoun	swe	Libanon	properNoun	nor
Garmo	properNoun	swe	Garmo	properNoun	nor
Sápmi	properNoun	swe	Sápmi	properNoun	nor
Pareli	properNoun	swe	Pareli	properNoun	nor
Julianne	properNoun	swe	Julianne	properNoun	nor
Helmine	properNoun	swe	Helmine	properNoun	nor
Atlanta	properNoun	swe	Atlanta	properNoun	nor
Portaankorva	properNoun	swe	Portaankorva	properNoun	nor
Elieser	properNoun	swe	Elieser	properNoun	nor
Picasso	properNoun	swe	Picasso	properNoun	nor
Höylä	properNoun	swe	Höylä	properNoun	nor
Sandtorv	properNoun	swe	Sandtorv	properNoun	nor
Marjala	properNoun	swe	Marjala	properNoun	nor
Bjørnson	properNoun	swe	Bjørnson	properNoun	nor
Huhmarniemi	properNoun	swe	Huhmarniemi	properNoun	nor
Hageman	properNoun	swe	Hageman	properNoun	nor
Cobh	properNoun	swe	Cobh	properNoun	nor
Ahokas	properNoun	swe	Ahokas	properNoun	nor
Jesaia	properNoun	swe	Jesaia	properNoun	nor
Surtebogen	properNoun	swe	Surtebogen	properNoun	nor
Kauppinen	properNoun	swe	Kauppinen	properNoun	nor
Marche	properNoun	swe	Marche	properNoun	nor
Lundegaard	properNoun	swe	Lundegaard	properNoun	nor
Paraná	properNoun	swe	Paraná	properNoun	nor
Santikko	properNoun	swe	Santikko	properNoun	nor
Drønen	properNoun	swe	Drønen	properNoun	nor
Nissan	properNoun	swe	Nissan	properNoun	nor
Helvi	properNoun	swe	Helvi	properNoun	nor
Hellig-Olav	properNoun	swe	Hellig-Olav	properNoun	nor
Rodal	properNoun	swe	Rodal	properNoun	nor
Colombia	properNoun	swe	Colombia	properNoun	nor
Nirkkonen	properNoun	swe	Nirkkonen	properNoun	nor
Paraguay	properNoun	swe	Paraguay	properNoun	nor
Polen	properNoun	swe	Polen	properNoun	nor
Magle	properNoun	swe	Magle	properNoun	nor
Gunnerød	properNoun	swe	Gunnerød	properNoun	nor
Toscana	properNoun	swe	Toscana	properNoun	nor
Semlja	properNoun	swe	Semlja	properNoun	nor
Lyngen	properNoun	swe	Lyngen	properNoun	nor
Kollandsrud	properNoun	swe	Kollandsrud	properNoun	nor
Gulliksen	properNoun	swe	Gulliksen	properNoun	nor
Toivakka	properNoun	swe	Toivakka	properNoun	nor
Klaesson	properNoun	swe	Klaesson	properNoun	nor
Ann-Helén	properNoun	swe	Ann-Helén	properNoun	nor
Paakki	properNoun	swe	Paakki	properNoun	nor
Sandness	properNoun	swe	Sandness	properNoun	nor
Eilund	properNoun	swe	Eilund	properNoun	nor
Ristin	properNoun	swe	Ristin	properNoun	nor
Heimskringla	properNoun	swe	Heimskringla	properNoun	nor
Pitkäkoski	properNoun	swe	Pitkäkoski	properNoun	nor
Martinius	properNoun	swe	Martinius	properNoun	nor
Solbråtan	properNoun	swe	Solbråtan	properNoun	nor
Monola	properNoun	swe	Monola	properNoun	nor
Koefod	properNoun	swe	Koefod	properNoun	nor
Sør-Vera	properNoun	swe	Sør-Vera	properNoun	nor
Nord-Korea	properNoun	swe	Nord-Korea	properNoun	nor
Ambrosen	properNoun	swe	Ambrosen	properNoun	nor
Buffy	properNoun	swe	Buffy	properNoun	nor
Pernambuco	properNoun	swe	Pernambuco	properNoun	nor
Thoressen	properNoun	swe	Thoressen	properNoun	nor
Trenum	properNoun	swe	Trenum	properNoun	nor
Aristoboulos	properNoun	swe	Aristoboulos	properNoun	nor
Heimdal	properNoun	swe	Heimdal	properNoun	nor
Lakedaimon	properNoun	swe	Lakedaimon	properNoun	nor
Bauer	properNoun	swe	Bauer	properNoun	nor
Alkibiades	properNoun	swe	Alkibiades	properNoun	nor
Sorvanova	properNoun	swe	Sorvanova	properNoun	nor
Kongon	properNoun	swe	Kongon	properNoun	nor
Ingvald	properNoun	swe	Ingvald	properNoun	nor
Ylilehto	properNoun	swe	Ylilehto	properNoun	nor
Uronen	properNoun	swe	Uronen	properNoun	nor
Mellerud	properNoun	swe	Mellerud	properNoun	nor
Niillas	properNoun	swe	Niillas	properNoun	nor
Lothar	properNoun	swe	Lothar	properNoun	nor
Pylvänen	properNoun	swe	Pylvänen	properNoun	nor
Moisala	properNoun	swe	Moisala	properNoun	nor
Karttunen	properNoun	swe	Karttunen	properNoun	nor
Bellami	properNoun	swe	Bellami	properNoun	nor
Jean	properNoun	swe	Jean	properNoun	nor
Ida-marie	properNoun	swe	Ida-marie	properNoun	nor
Okeanos	properNoun	swe	Okeanos	properNoun	nor
Márkománák	properNoun	swe	Márkománák	properNoun	nor
Kärki	properNoun	swe	Kärki	properNoun	nor
Knoop	properNoun	swe	Knoop	properNoun	nor
Hofflund	properNoun	swe	Hofflund	properNoun	nor
Voito	properNoun	swe	Voito	properNoun	nor
Aviv	properNoun	swe	Aviv	properNoun	nor
Laurikainen	properNoun	swe	Laurikainen	properNoun	nor
Vänni	properNoun	swe	Vänni	properNoun	nor
Jeser	properNoun	swe	Jeser	properNoun	nor
Ovllágoahteguolbba	properNoun	swe	Ovllágoahteguolbba	properNoun	nor
Singsaas	properNoun	swe	Singsaas	properNoun	nor
Tuokkola	properNoun	swe	Tuokkola	properNoun	nor
Wright	properNoun	swe	Wright	properNoun	nor
Wenche	properNoun	swe	Wenche	properNoun	nor
Asbjørnson	properNoun	swe	Asbjørnson	properNoun	nor
Tylldalen	properNoun	swe	Tylldalen	properNoun	nor
Askheimer	properNoun	swe	Askheimer	properNoun	nor
Pelkonen	properNoun	swe	Pelkonen	properNoun	nor
Norgreen	properNoun	swe	Norgreen	properNoun	nor
Laitala	properNoun	swe	Laitala	properNoun	nor
Schetelig	properNoun	swe	Schetelig	properNoun	nor
Dronninglund	properNoun	swe	Dronninglund	properNoun	nor
Luomajoki	properNoun	swe	Luomajoki	properNoun	nor
Mydland	properNoun	swe	Mydland	properNoun	nor
Fixdal	properNoun	swe	Fixdal	properNoun	nor
Mattsson	properNoun	swe	Mattsson	properNoun	nor
Boise	properNoun	swe	Boise	properNoun	nor
Borgerssen	properNoun	swe	Borgerssen	properNoun	nor
Mosvik	properNoun	swe	Mosvik	properNoun	nor
Statkraft	properNoun	swe	Statkraft	properNoun	nor
Alwin	properNoun	swe	Alwin	properNoun	nor
Adamsen	properNoun	swe	Adamsen	properNoun	nor
Friedrichsen	properNoun	swe	Friedrichsen	properNoun	nor
Helgeguoika	properNoun	swe	Helgeguoika	properNoun	nor
Gausdal	properNoun	swe	Gausdal	properNoun	nor
Asborg	properNoun	swe	Asborg	properNoun	nor
Tirroniemi	properNoun	swe	Tirroniemi	properNoun	nor
Pyysalo	properNoun	swe	Pyysalo	properNoun	nor
Murtonen	properNoun	swe	Murtonen	properNoun	nor
Rajakallio	properNoun	swe	Rajakallio	properNoun	nor
Reynell	properNoun	swe	Reynell	properNoun	nor
Heathrow	properNoun	swe	Heathrow	properNoun	nor
Paakkinen	properNoun	swe	Paakkinen	properNoun	nor
Junnonen	properNoun	swe	Junnonen	properNoun	nor
Cesare	properNoun	swe	Cesare	properNoun	nor
Siva	properNoun	swe	Siva	properNoun	nor
Iskkojávri	properNoun	swe	Iskkojávri	properNoun	nor
Gállájávri	properNoun	swe	Gállájávri	properNoun	nor
Tveitnes	properNoun	swe	Tveitnes	properNoun	nor
Mina	properNoun	swe	Mina	properNoun	nor
Yana	properNoun	swe	Yana	properNoun	nor
Halfrid	properNoun	swe	Halfrid	properNoun	nor
On	properNoun	swe	On	properNoun	nor
Peiponen	properNoun	swe	Peiponen	properNoun	nor
Haavardtun	properNoun	swe	Haavardtun	properNoun	nor
Sonninen	properNoun	swe	Sonninen	properNoun	nor
Rautiainen	properNoun	swe	Rautiainen	properNoun	nor
Pyykkönen	properNoun	swe	Pyykkönen	properNoun	nor
Weisser	properNoun	swe	Weisser	properNoun	nor
Skogsstyrelsen	properNoun	swe	Skogsstyrelsen	properNoun	nor
Guldberg	properNoun	swe	Guldberg	properNoun	nor
Gulbrandson	properNoun	swe	Gulbrandson	properNoun	nor
Toppila	properNoun	swe	Toppila	properNoun	nor
Tapanila	properNoun	swe	Tapanila	properNoun	nor
Prut	properNoun	swe	Prut	properNoun	nor
Ming	properNoun	swe	Ming	properNoun	nor
Armstrong	properNoun	swe	Armstrong	properNoun	nor
Steensen	properNoun	swe	Steensen	properNoun	nor
Sallinen	properNoun	swe	Sallinen	properNoun	nor
Sivi	properNoun	swe	Sivi	properNoun	nor
Minh	properNoun	swe	Minh	properNoun	nor
Wolgast	properNoun	swe	Wolgast	properNoun	nor
Tobiesen	properNoun	swe	Tobiesen	properNoun	nor
Rovik	properNoun	swe	Rovik	properNoun	nor
Lilienschiold	properNoun	swe	Lilienschiold	properNoun	nor
Gjøen	properNoun	swe	Gjøen	properNoun	nor
Sulitjelma	properNoun	swe	Sulitjelma	properNoun	nor
Oppegård	properNoun	swe	Oppegård	properNoun	nor
Tuikkala	properNoun	swe	Tuikkala	properNoun	nor
Pheiff	properNoun	swe	Pheiff	properNoun	nor
Haanshus	properNoun	swe	Haanshus	properNoun	nor
Nürnberg	properNoun	swe	Nürnberg	properNoun	nor
Radøy	properNoun	swe	Radøy	properNoun	nor
Engstad	properNoun	swe	Engstad	properNoun	nor
Inntrøndelag	properNoun	swe	Inntrøndelag	properNoun	nor
Pirnes	properNoun	swe	Pirnes	properNoun	nor
Rovio	properNoun	swe	Rovio	properNoun	nor
Korri	properNoun	swe	Korri	properNoun	nor
Vikstrøm	properNoun	swe	Vikstrøm	properNoun	nor
Dinesen	properNoun	swe	Dinesen	properNoun	nor
Dahlseng	properNoun	swe	Dahlseng	properNoun	nor
Virkajärvi	properNoun	swe	Virkajärvi	properNoun	nor
Moselle	properNoun	swe	Moselle	properNoun	nor
Janatuinen	properNoun	swe	Janatuinen	properNoun	nor
Keith	properNoun	swe	Keith	properNoun	nor
Dagrunn	properNoun	swe	Dagrunn	properNoun	nor
Tanttari	properNoun	swe	Tanttari	properNoun	nor
Mathiason	properNoun	swe	Mathiason	properNoun	nor
Runar	properNoun	swe	Runar	properNoun	nor
Lehtinen	properNoun	swe	Lehtinen	properNoun	nor
Hoffmann	properNoun	swe	Hoffmann	properNoun	nor
Bávvál	properNoun	swe	Bávvál	properNoun	nor
Komsomol	properNoun	swe	Komsomol	properNoun	nor
Mäntysaari	properNoun	swe	Mäntysaari	properNoun	nor
Lampimäki	properNoun	swe	Lampimäki	properNoun	nor
Kansanen	properNoun	swe	Kansanen	properNoun	nor
Nietula	properNoun	swe	Nietula	properNoun	nor
Marcia	properNoun	swe	Marcia	properNoun	nor
Minx	properNoun	swe	Minx	properNoun	nor
Karilainen	properNoun	swe	Karilainen	properNoun	nor
Steffan	properNoun	swe	Steffan	properNoun	nor
Grosso	properNoun	swe	Grosso	properNoun	nor
Tilus	properNoun	swe	Tilus	properNoun	nor
Coch	properNoun	swe	Coch	properNoun	nor
Jesaja	properNoun	swe	Jesaja	properNoun	nor
Mieskonen	properNoun	swe	Mieskonen	properNoun	nor
Fongen	properNoun	swe	Fongen	properNoun	nor
Norvald	properNoun	swe	Norvald	properNoun	nor
Horowitz	properNoun	swe	Horowitz	properNoun	nor
Maytt	properNoun	swe	Maytt	properNoun	nor
Kildahl	properNoun	swe	Kildahl	properNoun	nor
Cock	properNoun	swe	Cock	properNoun	nor
Ristiniemi	properNoun	swe	Ristiniemi	properNoun	nor
Gregorius	properNoun	swe	Gregorius	properNoun	nor
Lolland-Falster	properNoun	swe	Lolland-Falster	properNoun	nor
Ándaras-Máhte-jávri	properNoun	swe	Ándaras-Máhte-jávri	properNoun	nor
Margarete	properNoun	swe	Margarete	properNoun	nor
Tuikkanen	properNoun	swe	Tuikkanen	properNoun	nor
Häkli	properNoun	swe	Häkli	properNoun	nor
Myhrvold	properNoun	swe	Myhrvold	properNoun	nor
Kreutz	properNoun	swe	Kreutz	properNoun	nor
Vera	properNoun	swe	Vera	properNoun	nor
Margareth	properNoun	swe	Margareth	properNoun	nor
Sleipne	properNoun	swe	Sleipne	properNoun	nor
Engebretsson	properNoun	swe	Engebretsson	properNoun	nor
Sørrollnes	properNoun	swe	Sørrollnes	properNoun	nor
Kujbysjev	properNoun	swe	Kujbysjev	properNoun	nor
Niilasjávri	properNoun	swe	Niilasjávri	properNoun	nor
Leidulf	properNoun	swe	Leidulf	properNoun	nor
Theodora	properNoun	swe	Theodora	properNoun	nor
Sigdis	properNoun	swe	Sigdis	properNoun	nor
Rothovius	properNoun	swe	Rothovius	properNoun	nor
Riis-Johansen	properNoun	swe	Riis-Johansen	properNoun	nor
Kaitala	properNoun	swe	Kaitala	properNoun	nor
Gudmund	properNoun	swe	Gudmund	properNoun	nor
Antona	properNoun	swe	Antona	properNoun	nor
Morottaja	properNoun	swe	Morottaja	properNoun	nor
Holmblad	properNoun	swe	Holmblad	properNoun	nor
Homer	properNoun	swe	Homer	properNoun	nor
Ragnild	properNoun	swe	Ragnild	properNoun	nor
Marcuson	properNoun	swe	Marcuson	properNoun	nor
Porsgrunn	properNoun	swe	Porsgrunn	properNoun	nor
Kuusjärvi	properNoun	swe	Kuusjärvi	properNoun	nor
Bentsen	properNoun	swe	Bentsen	properNoun	nor
Ryöppy	properNoun	swe	Ryöppy	properNoun	nor
Rasht	properNoun	swe	Rasht	properNoun	nor
Jebe	properNoun	swe	Jebe	properNoun	nor
Slåtsveen	properNoun	swe	Slåtsveen	properNoun	nor
Holvik	properNoun	swe	Holvik	properNoun	nor
Goddard	properNoun	swe	Goddard	properNoun	nor
Geggen	properNoun	swe	Geggen	properNoun	nor
Skeid	properNoun	swe	Skeid	properNoun	nor
Sommer-Sverige	properNoun	swe	Sommer-Sverige	properNoun	nor
Knoph	properNoun	swe	Knoph	properNoun	nor
Honerud	properNoun	swe	Honerud	properNoun	nor
Ristiinná	properNoun	swe	Ristiinná	properNoun	nor
Skeie	properNoun	swe	Skeie	properNoun	nor
Simpura	properNoun	swe	Simpura	properNoun	nor
Blehr	properNoun	swe	Blehr	properNoun	nor
Járre	properNoun	swe	Járre	properNoun	nor
Britannia	properNoun	swe	Britannia	properNoun	nor
Halinen	properNoun	swe	Halinen	properNoun	nor
Gausvik	properNoun	swe	Gausvik	properNoun	nor
Antoni	properNoun	swe	Antoni	properNoun	nor
Rigobertha	properNoun	swe	Rigobertha	properNoun	nor
Enebakk	properNoun	swe	Enebakk	properNoun	nor
Terry	properNoun	swe	Terry	properNoun	nor
Kunnut	properNoun	swe	Kunnut	properNoun	nor
Erichsen	properNoun	swe	Erichsen	properNoun	nor
Ståle	properNoun	swe	Ståle	properNoun	nor
Margaret	properNoun	swe	Margaret	properNoun	nor
Bratlie	properNoun	swe	Bratlie	properNoun	nor
Simsen	properNoun	swe	Simsen	properNoun	nor
Bogislav	properNoun	swe	Bogislav	properNoun	nor
Leidulv	properNoun	swe	Leidulv	properNoun	nor
Ladstein	properNoun	swe	Ladstein	properNoun	nor
Macbeth	properNoun	swe	Macbeth	properNoun	nor
Jahnsen	properNoun	swe	Jahnsen	properNoun	nor
Den Himmelske Freds Plass	properNoun	swe	Den Himmelske Freds Plass	properNoun	nor
Runeson	properNoun	swe	Runeson	properNoun	nor
Hyllestad	properNoun	swe	Hyllestad	properNoun	nor
Teivainen	properNoun	swe	Teivainen	properNoun	nor
Forsell	properNoun	swe	Forsell	properNoun	nor
Römpötti	properNoun	swe	Römpötti	properNoun	nor
Haavik	properNoun	swe	Haavik	properNoun	nor
Betten	properNoun	swe	Betten	properNoun	nor
Troels	properNoun	swe	Troels	properNoun	nor
Kastarinen	properNoun	swe	Kastarinen	properNoun	nor
Frantsi	properNoun	swe	Frantsi	properNoun	nor
Bjørnhild	properNoun	swe	Bjørnhild	properNoun	nor
Recife	properNoun	swe	Recife	properNoun	nor
Hjedding	properNoun	swe	Hjedding	properNoun	nor
Rusanen	properNoun	swe	Rusanen	properNoun	nor
Borglund	properNoun	swe	Borglund	properNoun	nor
Better	properNoun	swe	Better	properNoun	nor
Wear	properNoun	swe	Wear	properNoun	nor
Oulie	properNoun	swe	Oulie	properNoun	nor
Jyllinge	properNoun	swe	Jyllinge	properNoun	nor
Gullev	properNoun	swe	Gullev	properNoun	nor
Tanya	properNoun	swe	Tanya	properNoun	nor
weekend-Aftenposten	properNoun	swe	weekend-Aftenposten	properNoun	nor
Hjørungavåg	properNoun	swe	Hjørungavåg	properNoun	nor
Hartz	properNoun	swe	Hartz	properNoun	nor
Bagenkop	properNoun	swe	Bagenkop	properNoun	nor
Aanonssen	properNoun	swe	Aanonssen	properNoun	nor
Løyte	properNoun	swe	Løyte	properNoun	nor
Helmen	properNoun	swe	Helmen	properNoun	nor
Guldahl	properNoun	swe	Guldahl	properNoun	nor
Särkelä	properNoun	swe	Särkelä	properNoun	nor
Jorstad	properNoun	swe	Jorstad	properNoun	nor
Haveri	properNoun	swe	Haveri	properNoun	nor
Marseillaisen	properNoun	swe	Marseillaisen	properNoun	nor
Tommeliten	properNoun	swe	Tommeliten	properNoun	nor
Malik	properNoun	swe	Malik	properNoun	nor
Vesala	properNoun	swe	Vesala	properNoun	nor
Storforsen	properNoun	swe	Storforsen	properNoun	nor
Kleist	properNoun	swe	Kleist	properNoun	nor
Hautsalo	properNoun	swe	Hautsalo	properNoun	nor
Bissau	properNoun	swe	Bissau	properNoun	nor
Cristóbal	properNoun	swe	Cristóbal	properNoun	nor
Helmer	properNoun	swe	Helmer	properNoun	nor
Möykkynen	properNoun	swe	Möykkynen	properNoun	nor
Gamst	properNoun	swe	Gamst	properNoun	nor
Bjørnøya	properNoun	swe	Bjørnøya	properNoun	nor
Jylänki	properNoun	swe	Jylänki	properNoun	nor
Fonnebost	properNoun	swe	Fonnebost	properNoun	nor
Aalsmeer	properNoun	swe	Aalsmeer	properNoun	nor
Lakshmi	properNoun	swe	Lakshmi	properNoun	nor
Pederssen	properNoun	swe	Pederssen	properNoun	nor
Rigon	properNoun	swe	Rigon	properNoun	nor
Iversen	properNoun	swe	Iversen	properNoun	nor
Tøsse	properNoun	swe	Tøsse	properNoun	nor
Samuelsberg	properNoun	swe	Samuelsberg	properNoun	nor
Penttinen	properNoun	swe	Penttinen	properNoun	nor
Kannus	properNoun	swe	Kannus	properNoun	nor
Po	properNoun	swe	Po	properNoun	nor
Rajaniemi	properNoun	swe	Rajaniemi	properNoun	nor
Luckow	properNoun	swe	Luckow	properNoun	nor
Haltsonen	properNoun	swe	Haltsonen	properNoun	nor
Bilitt	properNoun	swe	Bilitt	properNoun	nor
Drillo	properNoun	swe	Drillo	properNoun	nor
Sadeharju	properNoun	swe	Sadeharju	properNoun	nor
Merinen	properNoun	swe	Merinen	properNoun	nor
Hellandsberg	properNoun	swe	Hellandsberg	properNoun	nor
Abdul	properNoun	swe	Abdul	properNoun	nor
Thorstenson	properNoun	swe	Thorstenson	properNoun	nor
Øyvind	properNoun	swe	Øyvind	properNoun	nor
Amman	properNoun	swe	Amman	properNoun	nor
Eidsberg	properNoun	swe	Eidsberg	properNoun	nor
Vikør	properNoun	swe	Vikør	properNoun	nor
Stang	properNoun	swe	Stang	properNoun	nor
Jaquet	properNoun	swe	Jaquet	properNoun	nor
Vigeland	properNoun	swe	Vigeland	properNoun	nor
Bjerkeli	properNoun	swe	Bjerkeli	properNoun	nor
Nesseby	properNoun	swe	Nesseby	properNoun	nor
Lindis	properNoun	swe	Lindis	properNoun	nor
Rilka	properNoun	swe	Rilka	properNoun	nor
Torgundrud	properNoun	swe	Torgundrud	properNoun	nor
Jelstrup	properNoun	swe	Jelstrup	properNoun	nor
Eiken	properNoun	swe	Eiken	properNoun	nor
Birgitta	properNoun	swe	Birgitta	properNoun	nor
Mia	properNoun	swe	Mia	properNoun	nor
Æmilius	properNoun	swe	Æmilius	properNoun	nor
Melchiorsen	properNoun	swe	Melchiorsen	properNoun	nor
Kálmán	properNoun	swe	Kálmán	properNoun	nor
Sætran	properNoun	swe	Sætran	properNoun	nor
Snefryd	properNoun	swe	Snefryd	properNoun	nor
Heinesen	properNoun	swe	Heinesen	properNoun	nor
Birgitte	properNoun	swe	Birgitte	properNoun	nor
Eiker	properNoun	swe	Eiker	properNoun	nor
Nedkvitne	properNoun	swe	Nedkvitne	properNoun	nor
Ballestad	properNoun	swe	Ballestad	properNoun	nor
Evald	properNoun	swe	Evald	properNoun	nor
Viitikko	properNoun	swe	Viitikko	properNoun	nor
Sirainen	properNoun	swe	Sirainen	properNoun	nor
Veronica	properNoun	swe	Veronica	properNoun	nor
Honkaniemi	properNoun	swe	Honkaniemi	properNoun	nor
Preussen	properNoun	swe	Preussen	properNoun	nor
Pöyry	properNoun	swe	Pöyry	properNoun	nor
Søreng	properNoun	swe	Søreng	properNoun	nor
Mik	properNoun	swe	Mik	properNoun	nor
Flensburg	properNoun	swe	Flensburg	properNoun	nor
Pankka	properNoun	swe	Pankka	properNoun	nor
Horstad	properNoun	swe	Horstad	properNoun	nor
Nutti	properNoun	swe	Nutti	properNoun	nor
Hatfield	properNoun	swe	Hatfield	properNoun	nor
Bauge	properNoun	swe	Bauge	properNoun	nor
Bratislava	properNoun	swe	Bratislava	properNoun	nor
Nicolaisson	properNoun	swe	Nicolaisson	properNoun	nor
Krist	properNoun	swe	Krist	properNoun	nor
Horsens	properNoun	swe	Horsens	properNoun	nor
Juvvájohka	properNoun	swe	Juvvájohka	properNoun	nor
Sivert	properNoun	swe	Sivert	properNoun	nor
Magne	properNoun	swe	Magne	properNoun	nor
Suutala	properNoun	swe	Suutala	properNoun	nor
Gárral	properNoun	swe	Gárral	properNoun	nor
Visuri	properNoun	swe	Visuri	properNoun	nor
Luoma-aho	properNoun	swe	Luoma-aho	properNoun	nor
Käyhty	properNoun	swe	Käyhty	properNoun	nor
Alasalmi	properNoun	swe	Alasalmi	properNoun	nor
Vesa	properNoun	swe	Vesa	properNoun	nor
Sannerud	properNoun	swe	Sannerud	properNoun	nor
Mir	properNoun	swe	Mir	properNoun	nor
Karppinen	properNoun	swe	Karppinen	properNoun	nor
Belvik	properNoun	swe	Belvik	properNoun	nor
Magni	properNoun	swe	Magni	properNoun	nor
Inkeroinen	properNoun	swe	Inkeroinen	properNoun	nor
Viina	properNoun	swe	Viina	properNoun	nor
Anne-Margrethe	properNoun	swe	Anne-Margrethe	properNoun	nor
Bleik	properNoun	swe	Bleik	properNoun	nor
Elvida	properNoun	swe	Elvida	properNoun	nor
Sundevárri	properNoun	swe	Sundevárri	properNoun	nor
Midian	properNoun	swe	Midian	properNoun	nor
Langås	properNoun	swe	Langås	properNoun	nor
Vollan	properNoun	swe	Vollan	properNoun	nor
Cherry	properNoun	swe	Cherry	properNoun	nor
Kjellaug	properNoun	swe	Kjellaug	properNoun	nor
Stinnerbom	properNoun	swe	Stinnerbom	properNoun	nor
Grundell	properNoun	swe	Grundell	properNoun	nor
Ruha	properNoun	swe	Ruha	properNoun	nor
Lattu	properNoun	swe	Lattu	properNoun	nor
Hval	properNoun	swe	Hval	properNoun	nor
WaA	properNoun	swe	WaA	properNoun	nor
Korvald	properNoun	swe	Korvald	properNoun	nor
Yrjälä	properNoun	swe	Yrjälä	properNoun	nor
Saunders	properNoun	swe	Saunders	properNoun	nor
Reponen	properNoun	swe	Reponen	properNoun	nor
Clemens	properNoun	swe	Clemens	properNoun	nor
Alta	properNoun	swe	Alta	properNoun	nor
Valgjerd	properNoun	swe	Valgjerd	properNoun	nor
Rahunen	properNoun	swe	Rahunen	properNoun	nor
Skasenden	properNoun	swe	Skasenden	properNoun	nor
Käpynen	properNoun	swe	Käpynen	properNoun	nor
Jurva	properNoun	swe	Jurva	properNoun	nor
Jalisco	properNoun	swe	Jalisco	properNoun	nor
Rea	properNoun	swe	Rea	properNoun	nor
Paulsen	properNoun	swe	Paulsen	properNoun	nor
Vábučohkka	properNoun	swe	Vábučohkka	properNoun	nor
Hvar	properNoun	swe	Hvar	properNoun	nor
Zug	properNoun	swe	Zug	properNoun	nor
Ahopelto	properNoun	swe	Ahopelto	properNoun	nor
Haugli	properNoun	swe	Haugli	properNoun	nor
Ree	properNoun	swe	Ree	properNoun	nor
Mehlsen	properNoun	swe	Mehlsen	properNoun	nor
Ilomäki	properNoun	swe	Ilomäki	properNoun	nor
Magny	properNoun	swe	Magny	properNoun	nor
Øines	properNoun	swe	Øines	properNoun	nor
Vest	properNoun	swe	Vest	properNoun	nor
Forsgren	properNoun	swe	Forsgren	properNoun	nor
Ekre	properNoun	swe	Ekre	properNoun	nor
Nobel	properNoun	swe	Nobel	properNoun	nor
Pauline	properNoun	swe	Pauline	properNoun	nor
Geneve	properNoun	swe	Geneve	properNoun	nor
Ulfstein	properNoun	swe	Ulfstein	properNoun	nor
Sievänen	properNoun	swe	Sievänen	properNoun	nor
Grøset	properNoun	swe	Grøset	properNoun	nor
Borsheim	properNoun	swe	Borsheim	properNoun	nor
Addi	properNoun	swe	Addi	properNoun	nor
Fränti	properNoun	swe	Fränti	properNoun	nor
Kuorikoski	properNoun	swe	Kuorikoski	properNoun	nor
Heide	properNoun	swe	Heide	properNoun	nor
Frantti	properNoun	swe	Frantti	properNoun	nor
Mölläri	properNoun	swe	Mölläri	properNoun	nor
Ruhr	properNoun	swe	Ruhr	properNoun	nor
Kefas	properNoun	swe	Kefas	properNoun	nor
Slobodan	properNoun	swe	Slobodan	properNoun	nor
Lofoten	properNoun	swe	Lofoten	properNoun	nor
Melhus	properNoun	swe	Melhus	properNoun	nor
Geelmuyden	properNoun	swe	Geelmuyden	properNoun	nor
Finnmárkkulávdegoddi	properNoun	swe	Finnmárkkulávdegoddi	properNoun	nor
Heidi	properNoun	swe	Heidi	properNoun	nor
Crewe	properNoun	swe	Crewe	properNoun	nor
Himmler	properNoun	swe	Himmler	properNoun	nor
Zimmermann	properNoun	swe	Zimmermann	properNoun	nor
Aswan	properNoun	swe	Aswan	properNoun	nor
Hallingdal	properNoun	swe	Hallingdal	properNoun	nor
Nestlé	properNoun	swe	Nestlé	properNoun	nor
Korkka	properNoun	swe	Korkka	properNoun	nor
Rev	properNoun	swe	Rev	properNoun	nor
Luoma	properNoun	swe	Luoma	properNoun	nor
Kjersem	properNoun	swe	Kjersem	properNoun	nor
Junkkarinen	properNoun	swe	Junkkarinen	properNoun	nor
Frøen	properNoun	swe	Frøen	properNoun	nor
Eddie	properNoun	swe	Eddie	properNoun	nor
Ranne	properNoun	swe	Ranne	properNoun	nor
Reinertsson	properNoun	swe	Reinertsson	properNoun	nor
Arnatveit	properNoun	swe	Arnatveit	properNoun	nor
Vinje	properNoun	swe	Vinje	properNoun	nor
Tervasmäki	properNoun	swe	Tervasmäki	properNoun	nor
Snilsberg	properNoun	swe	Snilsberg	properNoun	nor
Moilanen	properNoun	swe	Moilanen	properNoun	nor
Chuck	properNoun	swe	Chuck	properNoun	nor
Yaren	properNoun	swe	Yaren	properNoun	nor
Bedford	properNoun	swe	Bedford	properNoun	nor
Ellingsson	properNoun	swe	Ellingsson	properNoun	nor
Kállá	properNoun	swe	Kállá	properNoun	nor
Maurits	properNoun	swe	Maurits	properNoun	nor
Isaksson	properNoun	swe	Isaksson	properNoun	nor
Areli	properNoun	swe	Areli	properNoun	nor
Villejohka	properNoun	swe	Villejohka	properNoun	nor
Weber	properNoun	swe	Weber	properNoun	nor
Tervamäki	properNoun	swe	Tervamäki	properNoun	nor
Luomi	properNoun	swe	Luomi	properNoun	nor
Eteläinen	properNoun	swe	Eteläinen	properNoun	nor
Malmfrid	properNoun	swe	Malmfrid	properNoun	nor
Gallen	properNoun	swe	Gallen	properNoun	nor
Poastajohka	properNoun	swe	Poastajohka	properNoun	nor
Arell	properNoun	swe	Arell	properNoun	nor
Mäki	properNoun	swe	Mäki	properNoun	nor
Kohler	properNoun	swe	Kohler	properNoun	nor
Glåmos	properNoun	swe	Glåmos	properNoun	nor
Remme	properNoun	swe	Remme	properNoun	nor
Kuusio	properNoun	swe	Kuusio	properNoun	nor
Tøsti	properNoun	swe	Tøsti	properNoun	nor
Oskal	properNoun	swe	Oskal	properNoun	nor
Mauritz	properNoun	swe	Mauritz	properNoun	nor
Korte	properNoun	swe	Korte	properNoun	nor
Wai	properNoun	swe	Wai	properNoun	nor
Christoper	properNoun	swe	Christoper	properNoun	nor
Tavola	properNoun	swe	Tavola	properNoun	nor
Aust-Agder	properNoun	swe	Aust-Agder	properNoun	nor
Metusalem	properNoun	swe	Metusalem	properNoun	nor
Presttun	properNoun	swe	Presttun	properNoun	nor
Cambridge	properNoun	swe	Cambridge	properNoun	nor
Rosnes	properNoun	swe	Rosnes	properNoun	nor
Nordlund	properNoun	swe	Nordlund	properNoun	nor
Wam	properNoun	swe	Wam	properNoun	nor
Lahtinen	properNoun	swe	Lahtinen	properNoun	nor
Ellemann-Jensen	properNoun	swe	Ellemann-Jensen	properNoun	nor
Oskar	properNoun	swe	Oskar	properNoun	nor
Melbourne	properNoun	swe	Melbourne	properNoun	nor
Ápparan	properNoun	swe	Ápparan	properNoun	nor
Rontti	properNoun	swe	Rontti	properNoun	nor
Morgedal	properNoun	swe	Morgedal	properNoun	nor
Thisen	properNoun	swe	Thisen	properNoun	nor
Wollmann	properNoun	swe	Wollmann	properNoun	nor
Pellinen	properNoun	swe	Pellinen	properNoun	nor
Loeng	properNoun	swe	Loeng	properNoun	nor
Juhola	properNoun	swe	Juhola	properNoun	nor
Sogndal	properNoun	swe	Sogndal	properNoun	nor
Fitjar	properNoun	swe	Fitjar	properNoun	nor
Martinson	properNoun	swe	Martinson	properNoun	nor
Tissari	properNoun	swe	Tissari	properNoun	nor
Erboe	properNoun	swe	Erboe	properNoun	nor
War	properNoun	swe	War	properNoun	nor
Lars	properNoun	swe	Lars	properNoun	nor
Buddha	properNoun	swe	Buddha	properNoun	nor
Santavuori	properNoun	swe	Santavuori	properNoun	nor
Philipsen	properNoun	swe	Philipsen	properNoun	nor
Nils-Biehtár-jávri	properNoun	swe	Nils-Biehtár-jávri	properNoun	nor
Conradsen	properNoun	swe	Conradsen	properNoun	nor
Sigve	properNoun	swe	Sigve	properNoun	nor
Santa	properNoun	swe	Santa	properNoun	nor
Vest-Sverige	properNoun	swe	Vest-Sverige	properNoun	nor
Pundslett	properNoun	swe	Pundslett	properNoun	nor
Lahdenranta	properNoun	swe	Lahdenranta	properNoun	nor
Isabella	properNoun	swe	Isabella	properNoun	nor
Heikkočazajohka	properNoun	swe	Heikkočazajohka	properNoun	nor
Niitovuopio	properNoun	swe	Niitovuopio	properNoun	nor
Berggreen	properNoun	swe	Berggreen	properNoun	nor
Härkälä	properNoun	swe	Härkälä	properNoun	nor
Ingelin	properNoun	swe	Ingelin	properNoun	nor
Selnes	properNoun	swe	Selnes	properNoun	nor
Europarådet	properNoun	swe	Europarådet	properNoun	nor
Haikarainen	properNoun	swe	Haikarainen	properNoun	nor
Isabelle	properNoun	swe	Isabelle	properNoun	nor
Carlsson	properNoun	swe	Carlsson	properNoun	nor
Tulkki	properNoun	swe	Tulkki	properNoun	nor
Norvang	properNoun	swe	Norvang	properNoun	nor
Evdoksos	properNoun	swe	Evdoksos	properNoun	nor
Kalasjnikov	properNoun	swe	Kalasjnikov	properNoun	nor
Espenakk	properNoun	swe	Espenakk	properNoun	nor
Coen	properNoun	swe	Coen	properNoun	nor
Petersson	properNoun	swe	Petersson	properNoun	nor
Krishna	properNoun	swe	Krishna	properNoun	nor
Vangen	properNoun	swe	Vangen	properNoun	nor
Hakulinen	properNoun	swe	Hakulinen	properNoun	nor
Tuulensuu	properNoun	swe	Tuulensuu	properNoun	nor
Truong	properNoun	swe	Truong	properNoun	nor
Torgensrud	properNoun	swe	Torgensrud	properNoun	nor
Koornhof	properNoun	swe	Koornhof	properNoun	nor
Jäske	properNoun	swe	Jäske	properNoun	nor
Akbar	properNoun	swe	Akbar	properNoun	nor
Sipponen	properNoun	swe	Sipponen	properNoun	nor
Riller	properNoun	swe	Riller	properNoun	nor
Raaska	properNoun	swe	Raaska	properNoun	nor
Klemettilä	properNoun	swe	Klemettilä	properNoun	nor
Kuntonen	properNoun	swe	Kuntonen	properNoun	nor
Kalinin	properNoun	swe	Kalinin	properNoun	nor
Harva	properNoun	swe	Harva	properNoun	nor
Santo	properNoun	swe	Santo	properNoun	nor
Juliussen	properNoun	swe	Juliussen	properNoun	nor
Capri	properNoun	swe	Capri	properNoun	nor
Äijälä	properNoun	swe	Äijälä	properNoun	nor
Pele	properNoun	swe	Pele	properNoun	nor
Lotan	properNoun	swe	Lotan	properNoun	nor
Reisseg	properNoun	swe	Reisseg	properNoun	nor
Ganddal	properNoun	swe	Ganddal	properNoun	nor
Square	properNoun	swe	Square	properNoun	nor
Tostrup	properNoun	swe	Tostrup	properNoun	nor
Hemminki	properNoun	swe	Hemminki	properNoun	nor
Danielsen	properNoun	swe	Danielsen	properNoun	nor
Parkkisenniemi	properNoun	swe	Parkkisenniemi	properNoun	nor
Aslaksen	properNoun	swe	Aslaksen	properNoun	nor
Jokivirta	properNoun	swe	Jokivirta	properNoun	nor
Hamlander	properNoun	swe	Hamlander	properNoun	nor
Hjelmeland	properNoun	swe	Hjelmeland	properNoun	nor
Olette	properNoun	swe	Olette	properNoun	nor
Rávnnajávri	properNoun	swe	Rávnnajávri	properNoun	nor
Petrof	properNoun	swe	Petrof	properNoun	nor
Nordmand	properNoun	swe	Nordmand	properNoun	nor
Kanako	properNoun	swe	Kanako	properNoun	nor
Komonen	properNoun	swe	Komonen	properNoun	nor
Karslen	properNoun	swe	Karslen	properNoun	nor
Bjørgeseter	properNoun	swe	Bjørgeseter	properNoun	nor
Arvela	properNoun	swe	Arvela	properNoun	nor
Euripides	properNoun	swe	Euripides	properNoun	nor
Rimpinen	properNoun	swe	Rimpinen	properNoun	nor
Riihonen	properNoun	swe	Riihonen	properNoun	nor
Kamppi	properNoun	swe	Kamppi	properNoun	nor
Ommundsen	properNoun	swe	Ommundsen	properNoun	nor
Saikkonen	properNoun	swe	Saikkonen	properNoun	nor
Niittyvuopio	properNoun	swe	Niittyvuopio	properNoun	nor
Kurt	properNoun	swe	Kurt	properNoun	nor
Kuru	properNoun	swe	Kuru	properNoun	nor
Heibergs	properNoun	swe	Heibergs	properNoun	nor
Hánsamaras	properNoun	swe	Hánsamaras	properNoun	nor
Hermod	properNoun	swe	Hermod	properNoun	nor
Olaf	properNoun	swe	Olaf	properNoun	nor
Laurits	properNoun	swe	Laurits	properNoun	nor
Siikanen	properNoun	swe	Siikanen	properNoun	nor
Berentssen	properNoun	swe	Berentssen	properNoun	nor
Tuupanen	properNoun	swe	Tuupanen	properNoun	nor
Saarni	properNoun	swe	Saarni	properNoun	nor
Nauclér	properNoun	swe	Nauclér	properNoun	nor
Ahmasalo	properNoun	swe	Ahmasalo	properNoun	nor
Sør-Kinahavet	properNoun	swe	Sør-Kinahavet	properNoun	nor
Wencke	properNoun	swe	Wencke	properNoun	nor
Torikka	properNoun	swe	Torikka	properNoun	nor
Paussu	properNoun	swe	Paussu	properNoun	nor
Olai	properNoun	swe	Olai	properNoun	nor
Vaittinen	properNoun	swe	Vaittinen	properNoun	nor
Sálmmonjárgajávri	properNoun	swe	Sálmmonjárgajávri	properNoun	nor
Rognlien	properNoun	swe	Rognlien	properNoun	nor
Houseman	properNoun	swe	Houseman	properNoun	nor
Foosnaes	properNoun	swe	Foosnaes	properNoun	nor
Åge	properNoun	swe	Åge	properNoun	nor
Eikelund	properNoun	swe	Eikelund	properNoun	nor
Katrine	properNoun	swe	Katrine	properNoun	nor
Bydgoszcz	properNoun	swe	Bydgoszcz	properNoun	nor
Volckmar	properNoun	swe	Volckmar	properNoun	nor
Báv-Ingá	properNoun	swe	Báv-Ingá	properNoun	nor
Marttala	properNoun	swe	Marttala	properNoun	nor
Lauritz	properNoun	swe	Lauritz	properNoun	nor
Aden	properNoun	swe	Aden	properNoun	nor
Pesola	properNoun	swe	Pesola	properNoun	nor
Tussaud	properNoun	swe	Tussaud	properNoun	nor
Skotterud	properNoun	swe	Skotterud	properNoun	nor
Huhta	properNoun	swe	Huhta	properNoun	nor
Hermon	properNoun	swe	Hermon	properNoun	nor
Molnes	properNoun	swe	Molnes	properNoun	nor
Hod	properNoun	swe	Hod	properNoun	nor
Eskild	properNoun	swe	Eskild	properNoun	nor
Trolltindane	properNoun	swe	Trolltindane	properNoun	nor
Hof	properNoun	swe	Hof	properNoun	nor
Heien	properNoun	swe	Heien	properNoun	nor
Noora	properNoun	swe	Noora	properNoun	nor
Opdahl	properNoun	swe	Opdahl	properNoun	nor
Skålnes	properNoun	swe	Skålnes	properNoun	nor
Lundegrend	properNoun	swe	Lundegrend	properNoun	nor
Fjærli	properNoun	swe	Fjærli	properNoun	nor
Bearajávri	properNoun	swe	Bearajávri	properNoun	nor
Láras	properNoun	swe	Láras	properNoun	nor
Olav	properNoun	swe	Olav	properNoun	nor
Leppälahti	properNoun	swe	Leppälahti	properNoun	nor
Heier	properNoun	swe	Heier	properNoun	nor
Kamula	properNoun	swe	Kamula	properNoun	nor
Aurland	properNoun	swe	Aurland	properNoun	nor
Kykkänen	properNoun	swe	Kykkänen	properNoun	nor
Hol	properNoun	swe	Hol	properNoun	nor
Torarin	properNoun	swe	Torarin	properNoun	nor
Lasa	properNoun	swe	Lasa	properNoun	nor
Peura	properNoun	swe	Peura	properNoun	nor
Susen	properNoun	swe	Susen	properNoun	nor
Saia	properNoun	swe	Saia	properNoun	nor
Balbek	properNoun	swe	Balbek	properNoun	nor
Floyd	properNoun	swe	Floyd	properNoun	nor
Tetzchner	properNoun	swe	Tetzchner	properNoun	nor
Lexow	properNoun	swe	Lexow	properNoun	nor
Kekäläinen	properNoun	swe	Kekäläinen	properNoun	nor
Howard	properNoun	swe	Howard	properNoun	nor
Said	properNoun	swe	Said	properNoun	nor
Runde	properNoun	swe	Runde	properNoun	nor
Ávdnos	properNoun	swe	Ávdnos	properNoun	nor
Midtbø	properNoun	swe	Midtbø	properNoun	nor
Braunschweig	properNoun	swe	Braunschweig	properNoun	nor
Wisløff	properNoun	swe	Wisløff	properNoun	nor
Fernandes	properNoun	swe	Fernandes	properNoun	nor
Kouvonen	properNoun	swe	Kouvonen	properNoun	nor
Bryan	properNoun	swe	Bryan	properNoun	nor
Costa	properNoun	swe	Costa	properNoun	nor
Jachymov	properNoun	swe	Jachymov	properNoun	nor
Hov	properNoun	swe	Hov	properNoun	nor
Hakoniemi	properNoun	swe	Hakoniemi	properNoun	nor
Bjerkeng	properNoun	swe	Bjerkeng	properNoun	nor
Rv	properNoun	swe	Rv	properNoun	nor
Elton	properNoun	swe	Elton	properNoun	nor
Tollefsson	properNoun	swe	Tollefsson	properNoun	nor
Nuorala	properNoun	swe	Nuorala	properNoun	nor
Kjølseth	properNoun	swe	Kjølseth	properNoun	nor
Uljas	properNoun	swe	Uljas	properNoun	nor
Albertslund	properNoun	swe	Albertslund	properNoun	nor
Osaka	properNoun	swe	Osaka	properNoun	nor
Angeles	properNoun	swe	Angeles	properNoun	nor
Hattfjelldal	properNoun	swe	Hattfjelldal	properNoun	nor
Bergitte	properNoun	swe	Bergitte	properNoun	nor
Hausgaard	properNoun	swe	Hausgaard	properNoun	nor
Robert	properNoun	swe	Robert	properNoun	nor
Blindheim	properNoun	swe	Blindheim	properNoun	nor
Gullikssen	properNoun	swe	Gullikssen	properNoun	nor
Hildebrand	properNoun	swe	Hildebrand	properNoun	nor
Ester	properNoun	swe	Ester	properNoun	nor
Parvinen	properNoun	swe	Parvinen	properNoun	nor
Riddu-Lene	properNoun	swe	Riddu-Lene	properNoun	nor
Kaspersson	properNoun	swe	Kaspersson	properNoun	nor
Superior	properNoun	swe	Superior	properNoun	nor
Tornes	properNoun	swe	Tornes	properNoun	nor
Hertzen	properNoun	swe	Hertzen	properNoun	nor
Gandvik	properNoun	swe	Gandvik	properNoun	nor
Vold	properNoun	swe	Vold	properNoun	nor
Latva	properNoun	swe	Latva	properNoun	nor
Aias	properNoun	swe	Aias	properNoun	nor
Trondsson	properNoun	swe	Trondsson	properNoun	nor
Henan	properNoun	swe	Henan	properNoun	nor
Maas	properNoun	swe	Maas	properNoun	nor
Johnesen	properNoun	swe	Johnesen	properNoun	nor
Iwate	properNoun	swe	Iwate	properNoun	nor
Hankaniemi	properNoun	swe	Hankaniemi	properNoun	nor
Gampbell	properNoun	swe	Gampbell	properNoun	nor
Wilhelm	properNoun	swe	Wilhelm	properNoun	nor
Leinstrand	properNoun	swe	Leinstrand	properNoun	nor
Heradstveit	properNoun	swe	Heradstveit	properNoun	nor
Fabian	properNoun	swe	Fabian	properNoun	nor
Sørsápmi	properNoun	swe	Sørsápmi	properNoun	nor
Pyymäki	properNoun	swe	Pyymäki	properNoun	nor
Lukios	properNoun	swe	Lukios	properNoun	nor
Thorvaldson	properNoun	swe	Thorvaldson	properNoun	nor
Nilson	properNoun	swe	Nilson	properNoun	nor
Raski	properNoun	swe	Raski	properNoun	nor
Barcelona-OL	properNoun	swe	Barcelona-OL	properNoun	nor
Voll	properNoun	swe	Voll	properNoun	nor
Nissen	properNoun	swe	Nissen	properNoun	nor
Laksen	properNoun	swe	Laksen	properNoun	nor
Ánnjá	properNoun	swe	Ánnjá	properNoun	nor
Jylkkä	properNoun	swe	Jylkkä	properNoun	nor
Brønstad	properNoun	swe	Brønstad	properNoun	nor
Tysvær	properNoun	swe	Tysvær	properNoun	nor
Potila	properNoun	swe	Potila	properNoun	nor
Malmivaara	properNoun	swe	Malmivaara	properNoun	nor
Juell	properNoun	swe	Juell	properNoun	nor
Mayotte	properNoun	swe	Mayotte	properNoun	nor
Evy-Ann	properNoun	swe	Evy-Ann	properNoun	nor
Gunderssen	properNoun	swe	Gunderssen	properNoun	nor
Themsen	properNoun	swe	Themsen	properNoun	nor
Scheel	properNoun	swe	Scheel	properNoun	nor
Kanala	properNoun	swe	Kanala	properNoun	nor
Crossland	properNoun	swe	Crossland	properNoun	nor
Varpula	properNoun	swe	Varpula	properNoun	nor
Struthers	properNoun	swe	Struthers	properNoun	nor
Nisser	properNoun	swe	Nisser	properNoun	nor
Skjolden	properNoun	swe	Skjolden	properNoun	nor
Scheen	properNoun	swe	Scheen	properNoun	nor
Solonen	properNoun	swe	Solonen	properNoun	nor
Raunes	properNoun	swe	Raunes	properNoun	nor
Raita	properNoun	swe	Raita	properNoun	nor
Martinsson	properNoun	swe	Martinsson	properNoun	nor
Micael	properNoun	swe	Micael	properNoun	nor
Melpomene	properNoun	swe	Melpomene	properNoun	nor
Reidun	properNoun	swe	Reidun	properNoun	nor
Veiglum	properNoun	swe	Veiglum	properNoun	nor
Siniluoto	properNoun	swe	Siniluoto	properNoun	nor
Seglem	properNoun	swe	Seglem	properNoun	nor
Pudas	properNoun	swe	Pudas	properNoun	nor
Klingan	properNoun	swe	Klingan	properNoun	nor
Jairos	properNoun	swe	Jairos	properNoun	nor
Ekonen	properNoun	swe	Ekonen	properNoun	nor
Evans	properNoun	swe	Evans	properNoun	nor
Mjær	properNoun	swe	Mjær	properNoun	nor
Abrahamsen	properNoun	swe	Abrahamsen	properNoun	nor
Suoraniemi	properNoun	swe	Suoraniemi	properNoun	nor
Rasku	properNoun	swe	Rasku	properNoun	nor
Nordskog	properNoun	swe	Nordskog	properNoun	nor
Møller-rasmussen	properNoun	swe	Møller-rasmussen	properNoun	nor
Brocken	properNoun	swe	Brocken	properNoun	nor
Kusj	properNoun	swe	Kusj	properNoun	nor
Tjøtta	properNoun	swe	Tjøtta	properNoun	nor
Hlbye	properNoun	swe	Hlbye	properNoun	nor
Maaike	properNoun	swe	Maaike	properNoun	nor
Thurmann	properNoun	swe	Thurmann	properNoun	nor
Helgesavvonabuollán	properNoun	swe	Helgesavvonabuollán	properNoun	nor
Fosnes	properNoun	swe	Fosnes	properNoun	nor
Vebjørn	properNoun	swe	Vebjørn	properNoun	nor
Otra	properNoun	swe	Otra	properNoun	nor
Veum	properNoun	swe	Veum	properNoun	nor
Sagasig	properNoun	swe	Sagasig	properNoun	nor
Iskkon-Máhte	properNoun	swe	Iskkon-Máhte	properNoun	nor
Oskarsen	properNoun	swe	Oskarsen	properNoun	nor
Gáppe	properNoun	swe	Gáppe	properNoun	nor
SS	properNoun	swe	SS	properNoun	nor
Olstad	properNoun	swe	Olstad	properNoun	nor
Norfolk	properNoun	swe	Norfolk	properNoun	nor
Rahikainen	properNoun	swe	Rahikainen	properNoun	nor
Horda	properNoun	swe	Horda	properNoun	nor
Tolonen	properNoun	swe	Tolonen	properNoun	nor
Johannsen	properNoun	swe	Johannsen	properNoun	nor
Nordreisa	properNoun	swe	Nordreisa	properNoun	nor
SV	properNoun	swe	SV	properNoun	nor
Kleive	properNoun	swe	Kleive	properNoun	nor
Fokus	properNoun	swe	Fokus	properNoun	nor
Lybert	properNoun	swe	Lybert	properNoun	nor
Special	properNoun	swe	Special	properNoun	nor
OSI	properNoun	swe	OSI	properNoun	nor
Plzen	properNoun	swe	Plzen	properNoun	nor
Kvamseng	properNoun	swe	Kvamseng	properNoun	nor
Utbredelsen	properNoun	swe	Utbredelsen	properNoun	nor
Malla	properNoun	swe	Malla	properNoun	nor
Kantelinen	properNoun	swe	Kantelinen	properNoun	nor
Dammen	properNoun	swe	Dammen	properNoun	nor
Morfeus	properNoun	swe	Morfeus	properNoun	nor
Sorvari	properNoun	swe	Sorvari	properNoun	nor
Hwang	properNoun	swe	Hwang	properNoun	nor
Hakkola	properNoun	swe	Hakkola	properNoun	nor
Austvatn	properNoun	swe	Austvatn	properNoun	nor
Grensemo	properNoun	swe	Grensemo	properNoun	nor
Octavius	properNoun	swe	Octavius	properNoun	nor
Lillian	properNoun	swe	Lillian	properNoun	nor
Sevrin	properNoun	swe	Sevrin	properNoun	nor
Holden	properNoun	swe	Holden	properNoun	nor
Asmaløya	properNoun	swe	Asmaløya	properNoun	nor
Namnå	properNoun	swe	Namnå	properNoun	nor
Port-au-Prince	properNoun	swe	Port-au-Prince	properNoun	nor
Åhl	properNoun	swe	Åhl	properNoun	nor
Grønhovd	properNoun	swe	Grønhovd	properNoun	nor
Bennetsen	properNoun	swe	Bennetsen	properNoun	nor
Isidor	properNoun	swe	Isidor	properNoun	nor
Arkangela	properNoun	swe	Arkangela	properNoun	nor
Gustavssen	properNoun	swe	Gustavssen	properNoun	nor
Vassvik	properNoun	swe	Vassvik	properNoun	nor
Sundberg	properNoun	swe	Sundberg	properNoun	nor
Svartehavskysten	properNoun	swe	Svartehavskysten	properNoun	nor
Machines	properNoun	swe	Machines	properNoun	nor
Eggedal	properNoun	swe	Eggedal	properNoun	nor
Rikardsen	properNoun	swe	Rikardsen	properNoun	nor
Hulkko	properNoun	swe	Hulkko	properNoun	nor
Diesen	properNoun	swe	Diesen	properNoun	nor
Austmarka	properNoun	swe	Austmarka	properNoun	nor
Kangasniemi	properNoun	swe	Kangasniemi	properNoun	nor
Hords	properNoun	swe	Hords	properNoun	nor
Hiukka	properNoun	swe	Hiukka	properNoun	nor
Fossan	properNoun	swe	Fossan	properNoun	nor
Heimdall	properNoun	swe	Heimdall	properNoun	nor
Väisänen	properNoun	swe	Väisänen	properNoun	nor
Matalamäki	properNoun	swe	Matalamäki	properNoun	nor
Luukkainen	properNoun	swe	Luukkainen	properNoun	nor
Köhn	properNoun	swe	Köhn	properNoun	nor
Eastwood	properNoun	swe	Eastwood	properNoun	nor
Split	properNoun	swe	Split	properNoun	nor
Lauvsnes	properNoun	swe	Lauvsnes	properNoun	nor
Honkola	properNoun	swe	Honkola	properNoun	nor
Rensberg	properNoun	swe	Rensberg	properNoun	nor
Mäntysalo	properNoun	swe	Mäntysalo	properNoun	nor
Vanhapiha	properNoun	swe	Vanhapiha	properNoun	nor
Isoviita	properNoun	swe	Isoviita	properNoun	nor
Fosnæs	properNoun	swe	Fosnæs	properNoun	nor
Sivonen	properNoun	swe	Sivonen	properNoun	nor
Junkeren	properNoun	swe	Junkeren	properNoun	nor
Nihká	properNoun	swe	Nihká	properNoun	nor
Mira	properNoun	swe	Mira	properNoun	nor
Mijia	properNoun	swe	Mijia	properNoun	nor
Trysil	properNoun	swe	Trysil	properNoun	nor
Lapveteläinen	properNoun	swe	Lapveteläinen	properNoun	nor
Vilhelm	properNoun	swe	Vilhelm	properNoun	nor
Drin	properNoun	swe	Drin	properNoun	nor
Zoetermeer	properNoun	swe	Zoetermeer	properNoun	nor
Survik	properNoun	swe	Survik	properNoun	nor
Drakenuorri	properNoun	swe	Drakenuorri	properNoun	nor
Lyngseidet	properNoun	swe	Lyngseidet	properNoun	nor
Vanninen	properNoun	swe	Vanninen	properNoun	nor
Skar	properNoun	swe	Skar	properNoun	nor
Heffermehl	properNoun	swe	Heffermehl	properNoun	nor
Sp	properNoun	swe	Sp	properNoun	nor
Yare	properNoun	swe	Yare	properNoun	nor
Korva	properNoun	swe	Korva	properNoun	nor
Kamppinen	properNoun	swe	Kamppinen	properNoun	nor
Hynnekleiv	properNoun	swe	Hynnekleiv	properNoun	nor
Jenna	properNoun	swe	Jenna	properNoun	nor
Skau	properNoun	swe	Skau	properNoun	nor
Rodrigues	properNoun	swe	Rodrigues	properNoun	nor
Jørstadmoen	properNoun	swe	Jørstadmoen	properNoun	nor
Mally	properNoun	swe	Mally	properNoun	nor
Skinnskatteberg	properNoun	swe	Skinnskatteberg	properNoun	nor
St	properNoun	swe	St	properNoun	nor
Tuverud	properNoun	swe	Tuverud	properNoun	nor
Kongsvikosen	properNoun	swe	Kongsvikosen	properNoun	nor
Olaug	properNoun	swe	Olaug	properNoun	nor
Christiansen	properNoun	swe	Christiansen	properNoun	nor
Austnes	properNoun	swe	Austnes	properNoun	nor
Stockholm	properNoun	swe	Stockholm	properNoun	nor
Magnor	properNoun	swe	Magnor	properNoun	nor
Hanhineva	properNoun	swe	Hanhineva	properNoun	nor
Manner	properNoun	swe	Manner	properNoun	nor
Bruken	properNoun	swe	Bruken	properNoun	nor
Bauersachs	properNoun	swe	Bauersachs	properNoun	nor
Annbjørg	properNoun	swe	Annbjørg	properNoun	nor
Fortunatus	properNoun	swe	Fortunatus	properNoun	nor
Tajakka	properNoun	swe	Tajakka	properNoun	nor
Mannes	properNoun	swe	Mannes	properNoun	nor
Arent	properNoun	swe	Arent	properNoun	nor
Stefanus	properNoun	swe	Stefanus	properNoun	nor
Grønli	properNoun	swe	Grønli	properNoun	nor
Skoltevann	properNoun	swe	Skoltevann	properNoun	nor
Manstad	properNoun	swe	Manstad	properNoun	nor
Sigvald	properNoun	swe	Sigvald	properNoun	nor
Benjaminson	properNoun	swe	Benjaminson	properNoun	nor
Rikkonen	properNoun	swe	Rikkonen	properNoun	nor
Talonpoika	properNoun	swe	Talonpoika	properNoun	nor
Cacho	properNoun	swe	Cacho	properNoun	nor
River	properNoun	swe	River	properNoun	nor
Olkinuora	properNoun	swe	Olkinuora	properNoun	nor
Geisnes	properNoun	swe	Geisnes	properNoun	nor
Bloch	properNoun	swe	Bloch	properNoun	nor
Boye	properNoun	swe	Boye	properNoun	nor
Borgagurra	properNoun	swe	Borgagurra	properNoun	nor
Flaten	properNoun	swe	Flaten	properNoun	nor
Punkari	properNoun	swe	Punkari	properNoun	nor
Neuvonen	properNoun	swe	Neuvonen	properNoun	nor
Lamminsivu	properNoun	swe	Lamminsivu	properNoun	nor
Klemola	properNoun	swe	Klemola	properNoun	nor
Jegsen	properNoun	swe	Jegsen	properNoun	nor
Olaus	properNoun	swe	Olaus	properNoun	nor
Sarajávri	properNoun	swe	Sarajávri	properNoun	nor
Block	properNoun	swe	Block	properNoun	nor
Skoda	properNoun	swe	Skoda	properNoun	nor
Calais	properNoun	swe	Calais	properNoun	nor
Kuitunen	properNoun	swe	Kuitunen	properNoun	nor
Haatainen	properNoun	swe	Haatainen	properNoun	nor
Steffen	properNoun	swe	Steffen	properNoun	nor
Aanonsen	properNoun	swe	Aanonsen	properNoun	nor
Ándarjohka	properNoun	swe	Ándarjohka	properNoun	nor
Stadlandet	properNoun	swe	Stadlandet	properNoun	nor
Winsnes	properNoun	swe	Winsnes	properNoun	nor
Livsdatter	properNoun	swe	Livsdatter	properNoun	nor
Aukan	properNoun	swe	Aukan	properNoun	nor
Hercules	properNoun	swe	Hercules	properNoun	nor
Harzen	properNoun	swe	Harzen	properNoun	nor
Boym	properNoun	swe	Boym	properNoun	nor
Þórlákshöfn	properNoun	swe	Þórlákshöfn	properNoun	nor
Rettaoaivi	properNoun	swe	Rettaoaivi	properNoun	nor
Rantaniemi	properNoun	swe	Rantaniemi	properNoun	nor
Katekeetta	properNoun	swe	Katekeetta	properNoun	nor
Sepponen	properNoun	swe	Sepponen	properNoun	nor
Purtilo	properNoun	swe	Purtilo	properNoun	nor
Garry	properNoun	swe	Garry	properNoun	nor
Jakobssen	properNoun	swe	Jakobssen	properNoun	nor
Klint	properNoun	swe	Klint	properNoun	nor
Jenny	properNoun	swe	Jenny	properNoun	nor
Stealth	properNoun	swe	Stealth	properNoun	nor
Laitamäki	properNoun	swe	Laitamäki	properNoun	nor
Lusterfjorden	properNoun	swe	Lusterfjorden	properNoun	nor
Rivinoja	properNoun	swe	Rivinoja	properNoun	nor
Liehu	properNoun	swe	Liehu	properNoun	nor
Kraft	properNoun	swe	Kraft	properNoun	nor
Boys	properNoun	swe	Boys	properNoun	nor
Salamonsen	properNoun	swe	Salamonsen	properNoun	nor
Elvsrud	properNoun	swe	Elvsrud	properNoun	nor
Tervo	properNoun	swe	Tervo	properNoun	nor
Oreskov	properNoun	swe	Oreskov	properNoun	nor
Näsi	properNoun	swe	Näsi	properNoun	nor
Sopatros	properNoun	swe	Sopatros	properNoun	nor
Lønsdal	properNoun	swe	Lønsdal	properNoun	nor
Malkus	properNoun	swe	Malkus	properNoun	nor
Karlsrud	properNoun	swe	Karlsrud	properNoun	nor
Gadarena	properNoun	swe	Gadarena	properNoun	nor
Arpiainen	properNoun	swe	Arpiainen	properNoun	nor
Steven	properNoun	swe	Steven	properNoun	nor
Josefsen	properNoun	swe	Josefsen	properNoun	nor
Jeff	properNoun	swe	Jeff	properNoun	nor
Sagelv	properNoun	swe	Sagelv	properNoun	nor
Kaitanen	properNoun	swe	Kaitanen	properNoun	nor
Penh	properNoun	swe	Penh	properNoun	nor
Čohkarášša	properNoun	swe	Čohkarášša	properNoun	nor
Reinikka	properNoun	swe	Reinikka	properNoun	nor
Peni	properNoun	swe	Peni	properNoun	nor
Boreas	properNoun	swe	Boreas	properNoun	nor
Osmundson	properNoun	swe	Osmundson	properNoun	nor
Ånes	properNoun	swe	Ånes	properNoun	nor
Tronrud	properNoun	swe	Tronrud	properNoun	nor
Dokka	properNoun	swe	Dokka	properNoun	nor
Ådne	properNoun	swe	Ådne	properNoun	nor
Christenson	properNoun	swe	Christenson	properNoun	nor
Josefine	properNoun	swe	Josefine	properNoun	nor
Porsgrunds	properNoun	swe	Porsgrunds	properNoun	nor
Tkačev	properNoun	swe	Tkačev	properNoun	nor
Doubs	properNoun	swe	Doubs	properNoun	nor
Michael	properNoun	swe	Michael	properNoun	nor
Moritz	properNoun	swe	Moritz	properNoun	nor
Lemponen	properNoun	swe	Lemponen	properNoun	nor
Bled	properNoun	swe	Bled	properNoun	nor
Blanca	properNoun	swe	Blanca	properNoun	nor
Westad	properNoun	swe	Westad	properNoun	nor
Sekken	properNoun	swe	Sekken	properNoun	nor
Lampila	properNoun	swe	Lampila	properNoun	nor
Elgestad	properNoun	swe	Elgestad	properNoun	nor
Chantas	properNoun	swe	Chantas	properNoun	nor
Gullik	properNoun	swe	Gullik	properNoun	nor
Schjølberg	properNoun	swe	Schjølberg	properNoun	nor
Gjesdal	properNoun	swe	Gjesdal	properNoun	nor
Hurme	properNoun	swe	Hurme	properNoun	nor
Märkälä	properNoun	swe	Märkälä	properNoun	nor
Luck	properNoun	swe	Luck	properNoun	nor
Rouhiainen	properNoun	swe	Rouhiainen	properNoun	nor
Labov	properNoun	swe	Labov	properNoun	nor
Haugom	properNoun	swe	Haugom	properNoun	nor
Weel	properNoun	swe	Weel	properNoun	nor
Johannes	properNoun	swe	Johannes	properNoun	nor
Henriksen	properNoun	swe	Henriksen	properNoun	nor
Balgård	properNoun	swe	Balgård	properNoun	nor
Ween	properNoun	swe	Ween	properNoun	nor
Sundejohka	properNoun	swe	Sundejohka	properNoun	nor
Nokela	properNoun	swe	Nokela	properNoun	nor
Yuan	properNoun	swe	Yuan	properNoun	nor
Heige	properNoun	swe	Heige	properNoun	nor
Tiikkaja	properNoun	swe	Tiikkaja	properNoun	nor
Morfevs	properNoun	swe	Morfevs	properNoun	nor
Hunder	properNoun	swe	Hunder	properNoun	nor
Haakana	properNoun	swe	Haakana	properNoun	nor
Ann-Irene	properNoun	swe	Ann-Irene	properNoun	nor
Ratama	properNoun	swe	Ratama	properNoun	nor
Gállá	properNoun	swe	Gállá	properNoun	nor
Sentral-Amerika	properNoun	swe	Sentral-Amerika	properNoun	nor
Yläoutinen	properNoun	swe	Yläoutinen	properNoun	nor
Hammerich	properNoun	swe	Hammerich	properNoun	nor
Gerasimov	properNoun	swe	Gerasimov	properNoun	nor
Beronka	properNoun	swe	Beronka	properNoun	nor
Pigga	properNoun	swe	Pigga	properNoun	nor
Leifsen	properNoun	swe	Leifsen	properNoun	nor
Greger	properNoun	swe	Greger	properNoun	nor
Sieppi	properNoun	swe	Sieppi	properNoun	nor
Malmi	properNoun	swe	Malmi	properNoun	nor
Isosalo	properNoun	swe	Isosalo	properNoun	nor
Harslev	properNoun	swe	Harslev	properNoun	nor
Helgeáhpi	properNoun	swe	Helgeáhpi	properNoun	nor
Egede	properNoun	swe	Egede	properNoun	nor
Bamrud	properNoun	swe	Bamrud	properNoun	nor
Lucy	properNoun	swe	Lucy	properNoun	nor
Duopmasnjárga	properNoun	swe	Duopmasnjárga	properNoun	nor
Tasala	properNoun	swe	Tasala	properNoun	nor
Th	properNoun	swe	Th	properNoun	nor
Sauren	properNoun	swe	Sauren	properNoun	nor
Kulmanen	properNoun	swe	Kulmanen	properNoun	nor
Sutela	properNoun	swe	Sutela	properNoun	nor
Rajamäki	properNoun	swe	Rajamäki	properNoun	nor
Corporation	properNoun	swe	Corporation	properNoun	nor
Áppá	properNoun	swe	Áppá	properNoun	nor
EØS	properNoun	swe	EØS	properNoun	nor
Tillanen	properNoun	swe	Tillanen	properNoun	nor
Puputti	properNoun	swe	Puputti	properNoun	nor
Paloposki	properNoun	swe	Paloposki	properNoun	nor
Midt-England	properNoun	swe	Midt-England	properNoun	nor
Järvelä	properNoun	swe	Järvelä	properNoun	nor
Beatrice	properNoun	swe	Beatrice	properNoun	nor
Tiia	properNoun	swe	Tiia	properNoun	nor
Vivian	properNoun	swe	Vivian	properNoun	nor
Tolerud	properNoun	swe	Tolerud	properNoun	nor
Hermstad	properNoun	swe	Hermstad	properNoun	nor
Baunsgaard	properNoun	swe	Baunsgaard	properNoun	nor
Olava	properNoun	swe	Olava	properNoun	nor
Kolgujev	properNoun	swe	Kolgujev	properNoun	nor
Falk	properNoun	swe	Falk	properNoun	nor
Voipio	properNoun	swe	Voipio	properNoun	nor
Ristiluoma	properNoun	swe	Ristiluoma	properNoun	nor
Päiviö	properNoun	swe	Päiviö	properNoun	nor
Fall	properNoun	swe	Fall	properNoun	nor
Bartens	properNoun	swe	Bartens	properNoun	nor
Mikkalaš	properNoun	swe	Mikkalaš	properNoun	nor
Svanøybukt	properNoun	swe	Svanøybukt	properNoun	nor
Troas	properNoun	swe	Troas	properNoun	nor
Leirbotnvann	properNoun	swe	Leirbotnvann	properNoun	nor
Kittel	properNoun	swe	Kittel	properNoun	nor
Reenberg	properNoun	swe	Reenberg	properNoun	nor
Meath	properNoun	swe	Meath	properNoun	nor
Beyer	properNoun	swe	Beyer	properNoun	nor
Olavi	properNoun	swe	Olavi	properNoun	nor
Enevoldsen	properNoun	swe	Enevoldsen	properNoun	nor
Dahlstrøm	properNoun	swe	Dahlstrøm	properNoun	nor
Osama	properNoun	swe	Osama	properNoun	nor
Törmi	properNoun	swe	Törmi	properNoun	nor
Mack	properNoun	swe	Mack	properNoun	nor
Stark	properNoun	swe	Stark	properNoun	nor
Asbjørnsson	properNoun	swe	Asbjørnsson	properNoun	nor
Pulsa	properNoun	swe	Pulsa	properNoun	nor
L'Ouverture	properNoun	swe	L'Ouverture	properNoun	nor
Hoås	properNoun	swe	Hoås	properNoun	nor
Beliar	properNoun	swe	Beliar	properNoun	nor
Ristimäki	properNoun	swe	Ristimäki	properNoun	nor
Adler	properNoun	swe	Adler	properNoun	nor
Vuollegeavŋŋis	properNoun	swe	Vuollegeavŋŋis	properNoun	nor
Topsøe	properNoun	swe	Topsøe	properNoun	nor
Stephansen	properNoun	swe	Stephansen	properNoun	nor
Prusi	properNoun	swe	Prusi	properNoun	nor
Meissen	properNoun	swe	Meissen	properNoun	nor
Kátjá	properNoun	swe	Kátjá	properNoun	nor
Nordfjord	properNoun	swe	Nordfjord	properNoun	nor
Honkamäki	properNoun	swe	Honkamäki	properNoun	nor
Jimmi	properNoun	swe	Jimmi	properNoun	nor
Gudmundson	properNoun	swe	Gudmundson	properNoun	nor
Sætren	properNoun	swe	Sætren	properNoun	nor
Kragh	properNoun	swe	Kragh	properNoun	nor
Helleborg	properNoun	swe	Helleborg	properNoun	nor
Hanhisuanto	properNoun	swe	Hanhisuanto	properNoun	nor
Janette	properNoun	swe	Janette	properNoun	nor
Magnuson	properNoun	swe	Magnuson	properNoun	nor
Ampuja	properNoun	swe	Ampuja	properNoun	nor
Saku	properNoun	swe	Saku	properNoun	nor
Heiberg	properNoun	swe	Heiberg	properNoun	nor
Katowice	properNoun	swe	Katowice	properNoun	nor
Winsa	properNoun	swe	Winsa	properNoun	nor
Bryrup	properNoun	swe	Bryrup	properNoun	nor
Henning	properNoun	swe	Henning	properNoun	nor
Start	properNoun	swe	Start	properNoun	nor
Skjern	properNoun	swe	Skjern	properNoun	nor
Iisko-Hemminki	properNoun	swe	Iisko-Hemminki	properNoun	nor
Itkonen	properNoun	swe	Itkonen	properNoun	nor
Elfrid	properNoun	swe	Elfrid	properNoun	nor
Vest-Jerusalem	properNoun	swe	Vest-Jerusalem	properNoun	nor
Mäntylä	properNoun	swe	Mäntylä	properNoun	nor
Galtung	properNoun	swe	Galtung	properNoun	nor
Ánná-Hildá	properNoun	swe	Ánná-Hildá	properNoun	nor
Pershing	properNoun	swe	Pershing	properNoun	nor
Kirov	properNoun	swe	Kirov	properNoun	nor
Kurilene	properNoun	swe	Kurilene	properNoun	nor
Mailer	properNoun	swe	Mailer	properNoun	nor
Kallela	properNoun	swe	Kallela	properNoun	nor
Anchorage	properNoun	swe	Anchorage	properNoun	nor
Beahceluohkká	properNoun	swe	Beahceluohkká	properNoun	nor
Mäntymaa	properNoun	swe	Mäntymaa	properNoun	nor
Bacchus	properNoun	swe	Bacchus	properNoun	nor
UB	properNoun	swe	UB	properNoun	nor
Hultgreen	properNoun	swe	Hultgreen	properNoun	nor
Murray	properNoun	swe	Murray	properNoun	nor
Larsdatter	properNoun	swe	Larsdatter	properNoun	nor
Rostock	properNoun	swe	Rostock	properNoun	nor
Haiphong	properNoun	swe	Haiphong	properNoun	nor
Otterssen	properNoun	swe	Otterssen	properNoun	nor
UD	properNoun	swe	UD	properNoun	nor
Soinila	properNoun	swe	Soinila	properNoun	nor
Sjøtun	properNoun	swe	Sjøtun	properNoun	nor
Burchardt	properNoun	swe	Burchardt	properNoun	nor
Busten	properNoun	swe	Busten	properNoun	nor
Irmelin	properNoun	swe	Irmelin	properNoun	nor
Millajohka	properNoun	swe	Millajohka	properNoun	nor
Jimmy	properNoun	swe	Jimmy	properNoun	nor
Bernard	properNoun	swe	Bernard	properNoun	nor
Simonnæs	properNoun	swe	Simonnæs	properNoun	nor
Kalleli	properNoun	swe	Kalleli	properNoun	nor
Vollen	properNoun	swe	Vollen	properNoun	nor
Suezkanála	properNoun	swe	Suezkanála	properNoun	nor
Wladyslaw	properNoun	swe	Wladyslaw	properNoun	nor
Sørøysund	properNoun	swe	Sørøysund	properNoun	nor
Håkonson	properNoun	swe	Håkonson	properNoun	nor
Kittelson	properNoun	swe	Kittelson	properNoun	nor
Parkkali	properNoun	swe	Parkkali	properNoun	nor
Nordtveit	properNoun	swe	Nordtveit	properNoun	nor
Meisingset	properNoun	swe	Meisingset	properNoun	nor
Pávvel	properNoun	swe	Pávvel	properNoun	nor
Venemies	properNoun	swe	Venemies	properNoun	nor
Hven	properNoun	swe	Hven	properNoun	nor
Brusila	properNoun	swe	Brusila	properNoun	nor
Berner	properNoun	swe	Berner	properNoun	nor
Viiri	properNoun	swe	Viiri	properNoun	nor
Taari	properNoun	swe	Taari	properNoun	nor
Højsgaard	properNoun	swe	Højsgaard	properNoun	nor
UP	properNoun	swe	UP	properNoun	nor
Otta	properNoun	swe	Otta	properNoun	nor
Kanstad	properNoun	swe	Kanstad	properNoun	nor
Ingvard	properNoun	swe	Ingvard	properNoun	nor
Toini	properNoun	swe	Toini	properNoun	nor
Ulla	properNoun	swe	Ulla	properNoun	nor
Sjøli	properNoun	swe	Sjøli	properNoun	nor
Arnved	properNoun	swe	Arnved	properNoun	nor
Vågsvåg	properNoun	swe	Vågsvåg	properNoun	nor
Ruikkaoaivi	properNoun	swe	Ruikkaoaivi	properNoun	nor
Sveagruva	properNoun	swe	Sveagruva	properNoun	nor
Sávlos	properNoun	swe	Sávlos	properNoun	nor
Anterin	properNoun	swe	Anterin	properNoun	nor
Hedly	properNoun	swe	Hedly	properNoun	nor
Torild	properNoun	swe	Torild	properNoun	nor
Vaarala	properNoun	swe	Vaarala	properNoun	nor
Jirij	properNoun	swe	Jirij	properNoun	nor
Ferdinand	properNoun	swe	Ferdinand	properNoun	nor
Heggedal	properNoun	swe	Heggedal	properNoun	nor
Kälkäjä	properNoun	swe	Kälkäjä	properNoun	nor
Edvardsson	properNoun	swe	Edvardsson	properNoun	nor
Lounela	properNoun	swe	Lounela	properNoun	nor
Scheibler	properNoun	swe	Scheibler	properNoun	nor
Linnea	properNoun	swe	Linnea	properNoun	nor
Noresund	properNoun	swe	Noresund	properNoun	nor
Wurschmidt	properNoun	swe	Wurschmidt	properNoun	nor
Pinola	properNoun	swe	Pinola	properNoun	nor
Nyheim	properNoun	swe	Nyheim	properNoun	nor
Louhelainen	properNoun	swe	Louhelainen	properNoun	nor
Mosnikoff	properNoun	swe	Mosnikoff	properNoun	nor
Marthine	properNoun	swe	Marthine	properNoun	nor
Ottesen	properNoun	swe	Ottesen	properNoun	nor
Freilem	properNoun	swe	Freilem	properNoun	nor
Othilie	properNoun	swe	Othilie	properNoun	nor
Christiane	properNoun	swe	Christiane	properNoun	nor
Torill	properNoun	swe	Torill	properNoun	nor
Tronstad	properNoun	swe	Tronstad	properNoun	nor
Tor-Einar	properNoun	swe	Tor-Einar	properNoun	nor
Torgeir	properNoun	swe	Torgeir	properNoun	nor
Ånensen	properNoun	swe	Ånensen	properNoun	nor
Otto	properNoun	swe	Otto	properNoun	nor
Sassi	properNoun	swe	Sassi	properNoun	nor
Rio	properNoun	swe	Rio	properNoun	nor
Christiani	properNoun	swe	Christiani	properNoun	nor
Mekong	properNoun	swe	Mekong	properNoun	nor
Ingvart	properNoun	swe	Ingvart	properNoun	nor
Hemmonjavvi	properNoun	swe	Hemmonjavvi	properNoun	nor
Koskivirta	properNoun	swe	Koskivirta	properNoun	nor
Kjelsberg	properNoun	swe	Kjelsberg	properNoun	nor
Kilvik	properNoun	swe	Kilvik	properNoun	nor
Katri	properNoun	swe	Katri	properNoun	nor
Gallia	properNoun	swe	Gallia	properNoun	nor
Hafjell	properNoun	swe	Hafjell	properNoun	nor
Vainonen	properNoun	swe	Vainonen	properNoun	nor
Röpelinen	properNoun	swe	Röpelinen	properNoun	nor
Kovero	properNoun	swe	Kovero	properNoun	nor
Kweiyang	properNoun	swe	Kweiyang	properNoun	nor
Dikson	properNoun	swe	Dikson	properNoun	nor
Liná	properNoun	swe	Liná	properNoun	nor
Tsingling	properNoun	swe	Tsingling	properNoun	nor
Diofantos	properNoun	swe	Diofantos	properNoun	nor
Hyvättinen	properNoun	swe	Hyvättinen	properNoun	nor
Mattusnjunni	properNoun	swe	Mattusnjunni	properNoun	nor
Tonje	properNoun	swe	Tonje	properNoun	nor
Nordnes	properNoun	swe	Nordnes	properNoun	nor
Fame	properNoun	swe	Fame	properNoun	nor
Väätänen	properNoun	swe	Väätänen	properNoun	nor
Perkiömäki	properNoun	swe	Perkiömäki	properNoun	nor
Westby	properNoun	swe	Westby	properNoun	nor
Vinni	properNoun	swe	Vinni	properNoun	nor
Tervanen	properNoun	swe	Tervanen	properNoun	nor
Skreppestad	properNoun	swe	Skreppestad	properNoun	nor
Nævius	properNoun	swe	Nævius	properNoun	nor
Lenschow	properNoun	swe	Lenschow	properNoun	nor
Saale	properNoun	swe	Saale	properNoun	nor
Kvinge	properNoun	swe	Kvinge	properNoun	nor
Bjøber	properNoun	swe	Bjøber	properNoun	nor
Aida	properNoun	swe	Aida	properNoun	nor
Helleland	properNoun	swe	Helleland	properNoun	nor
Byre	properNoun	swe	Byre	properNoun	nor
Berglund	properNoun	swe	Berglund	properNoun	nor
Beljaeva	properNoun	swe	Beljaeva	properNoun	nor
Intel	properNoun	swe	Intel	properNoun	nor
Scheinin	properNoun	swe	Scheinin	properNoun	nor
Gallio	properNoun	swe	Gallio	properNoun	nor
Nationale	properNoun	swe	Nationale	properNoun	nor
Tsar	properNoun	swe	Tsar	properNoun	nor
Vesterheim	properNoun	swe	Vesterheim	properNoun	nor
Gomer	properNoun	swe	Gomer	properNoun	nor
Tourunen	properNoun	swe	Tourunen	properNoun	nor
Kristensson	properNoun	swe	Kristensson	properNoun	nor
Inkatha	properNoun	swe	Inkatha	properNoun	nor
Us	properNoun	swe	Us	properNoun	nor
Nibe	properNoun	swe	Nibe	properNoun	nor
Lavi	properNoun	swe	Lavi	properNoun	nor
Wei	properNoun	swe	Wei	properNoun	nor
Gardar	properNoun	swe	Gardar	properNoun	nor
Lääveri	properNoun	swe	Lääveri	properNoun	nor
Kertsj	properNoun	swe	Kertsj	properNoun	nor
Gill	properNoun	swe	Gill	properNoun	nor
Capella	properNoun	swe	Capella	properNoun	nor
Stasi	properNoun	swe	Stasi	properNoun	nor
Vettenranta	properNoun	swe	Vettenranta	properNoun	nor
Sarkkinen	properNoun	swe	Sarkkinen	properNoun	nor
Haglund	properNoun	swe	Haglund	properNoun	nor
Beesley	properNoun	swe	Beesley	properNoun	nor
Torgjer	properNoun	swe	Torgjer	properNoun	nor
Missouri	properNoun	swe	Missouri	properNoun	nor
Pango	properNoun	swe	Pango	properNoun	nor
Haugesund	properNoun	swe	Haugesund	properNoun	nor
Vornanen	properNoun	swe	Vornanen	properNoun	nor
Masudi	properNoun	swe	Masudi	properNoun	nor
Jauhola	properNoun	swe	Jauhola	properNoun	nor
Foswinckel	properNoun	swe	Foswinckel	properNoun	nor
Busterud	properNoun	swe	Busterud	properNoun	nor
Milton	properNoun	swe	Milton	properNoun	nor
Olaison	properNoun	swe	Olaison	properNoun	nor
Wærenskiold	properNoun	swe	Wærenskiold	properNoun	nor
Salo	properNoun	swe	Salo	properNoun	nor
Alslev	properNoun	swe	Alslev	properNoun	nor
Pitkä	properNoun	swe	Pitkä	properNoun	nor
Misten	properNoun	swe	Misten	properNoun	nor
México	properNoun	swe	México	properNoun	nor
Valjakka	properNoun	swe	Valjakka	properNoun	nor
Korkia-aho	properNoun	swe	Korkia-aho	properNoun	nor
Hovilainen	properNoun	swe	Hovilainen	properNoun	nor
Gurid	properNoun	swe	Gurid	properNoun	nor
Rivertz	properNoun	swe	Rivertz	properNoun	nor
Hjelde	properNoun	swe	Hjelde	properNoun	nor
Lauritson	properNoun	swe	Lauritson	properNoun	nor
Molukkene	properNoun	swe	Molukkene	properNoun	nor
Piskonen	properNoun	swe	Piskonen	properNoun	nor
Annemarie	properNoun	swe	Annemarie	properNoun	nor
Mads	properNoun	swe	Mads	properNoun	nor
Ellingsen	properNoun	swe	Ellingsen	properNoun	nor
Gunnerud	properNoun	swe	Gunnerud	properNoun	nor
Pudde	properNoun	swe	Pudde	properNoun	nor
Jón	properNoun	swe	Jón	properNoun	nor
Ahkel	properNoun	swe	Ahkel	properNoun	nor
Rigels	properNoun	swe	Rigels	properNoun	nor
Fevik	properNoun	swe	Fevik	properNoun	nor
Partonen	properNoun	swe	Partonen	properNoun	nor
Gunerius	properNoun	swe	Gunerius	properNoun	nor
Izanami	properNoun	swe	Izanami	properNoun	nor
Løvel	properNoun	swe	Løvel	properNoun	nor
Salomonson	properNoun	swe	Salomonson	properNoun	nor
Villagarcia	properNoun	swe	Villagarcia	properNoun	nor
Saaranen	properNoun	swe	Saaranen	properNoun	nor
Høines	properNoun	swe	Høines	properNoun	nor
Løven	properNoun	swe	Løven	properNoun	nor
Laukkarinen	properNoun	swe	Laukkarinen	properNoun	nor
Herodion	properNoun	swe	Herodion	properNoun	nor
Oftedahl	properNoun	swe	Oftedahl	properNoun	nor
Laamanen	properNoun	swe	Laamanen	properNoun	nor
Zorgdrager	properNoun	swe	Zorgdrager	properNoun	nor
Traavik	properNoun	swe	Traavik	properNoun	nor
Johán	properNoun	swe	Johán	properNoun	nor
VF	properNoun	swe	VF	properNoun	nor
VG	properNoun	swe	VG	properNoun	nor
Løver	properNoun	swe	Løver	properNoun	nor
Rasvåg	properNoun	swe	Rasvåg	properNoun	nor
Korsberg	properNoun	swe	Korsberg	properNoun	nor
Lahdelma	properNoun	swe	Lahdelma	properNoun	nor
Annola	properNoun	swe	Annola	properNoun	nor
Ramsøe	properNoun	swe	Ramsøe	properNoun	nor
Manila	properNoun	swe	Manila	properNoun	nor
Amandaprisen	properNoun	swe	Amandaprisen	properNoun	nor
Delfi	properNoun	swe	Delfi	properNoun	nor
Tyrmi	properNoun	swe	Tyrmi	properNoun	nor
Parttimaa	properNoun	swe	Parttimaa	properNoun	nor
Marcos	properNoun	swe	Marcos	properNoun	nor
Ordsjonikidze	properNoun	swe	Ordsjonikidze	properNoun	nor
Kildedam	properNoun	swe	Kildedam	properNoun	nor
Rügen	properNoun	swe	Rügen	properNoun	nor
Kaptein	properNoun	swe	Kaptein	properNoun	nor
Lamponen	properNoun	swe	Lamponen	properNoun	nor
Vinogradova	properNoun	swe	Vinogradova	properNoun	nor
Myllykoski	properNoun	swe	Myllykoski	properNoun	nor
Bærumsbana	properNoun	swe	Bærumsbana	properNoun	nor
Catrine	properNoun	swe	Catrine	properNoun	nor
Cortés	properNoun	swe	Cortés	properNoun	nor
Cern	properNoun	swe	Cern	properNoun	nor
Silva	properNoun	swe	Silva	properNoun	nor
Bergmann	properNoun	swe	Bergmann	properNoun	nor
Olea	properNoun	swe	Olea	properNoun	nor
Teilus	properNoun	swe	Teilus	properNoun	nor
Muinonen	properNoun	swe	Muinonen	properNoun	nor
Keiser-Tyskland	properNoun	swe	Keiser-Tyskland	properNoun	nor
Bjelland	properNoun	swe	Bjelland	properNoun	nor
Zapffe	properNoun	swe	Zapffe	properNoun	nor
Vaarama	properNoun	swe	Vaarama	properNoun	nor
Matadi	properNoun	swe	Matadi	properNoun	nor
Vigelandsparken	properNoun	swe	Vigelandsparken	properNoun	nor
Oluff	properNoun	swe	Oluff	properNoun	nor
Rudolf	properNoun	swe	Rudolf	properNoun	nor
Dickens	properNoun	swe	Dickens	properNoun	nor
Kaartinen	properNoun	swe	Kaartinen	properNoun	nor
Juntti	properNoun	swe	Juntti	properNoun	nor
Oleg	properNoun	swe	Oleg	properNoun	nor
Turkmenistan	properNoun	swe	Turkmenistan	properNoun	nor
Stafford	properNoun	swe	Stafford	properNoun	nor
Wilhelmsson	properNoun	swe	Wilhelmsson	properNoun	nor
Mahaweli	properNoun	swe	Mahaweli	properNoun	nor
Halmetoja	properNoun	swe	Halmetoja	properNoun	nor
Wilfgård	properNoun	swe	Wilfgård	properNoun	nor
Räsänen	properNoun	swe	Räsänen	properNoun	nor
Hennum	properNoun	swe	Hennum	properNoun	nor
Garvik	properNoun	swe	Garvik	properNoun	nor
Lemmá	properNoun	swe	Lemmá	properNoun	nor
Åke	properNoun	swe	Åke	properNoun	nor
Senterpartiet	properNoun	swe	Senterpartiet	properNoun	nor
Isleiv	properNoun	swe	Isleiv	properNoun	nor
Championship	properNoun	swe	Championship	properNoun	nor
Taipalus	properNoun	swe	Taipalus	properNoun	nor
Puonti	properNoun	swe	Puonti	properNoun	nor
Athar	properNoun	swe	Athar	properNoun	nor
Miettunen	properNoun	swe	Miettunen	properNoun	nor
Juntto	properNoun	swe	Juntto	properNoun	nor
Diana	properNoun	swe	Diana	properNoun	nor
Olen	properNoun	swe	Olen	properNoun	nor
Ašer	properNoun	swe	Ašer	properNoun	nor
Cross	properNoun	swe	Cross	properNoun	nor
Huron	properNoun	swe	Huron	properNoun	nor
Øymyr	properNoun	swe	Øymyr	properNoun	nor
Silvo	properNoun	swe	Silvo	properNoun	nor
Juliusen	properNoun	swe	Juliusen	properNoun	nor
Sáppatbáddi	properNoun	swe	Sáppatbáddi	properNoun	nor
Diane	properNoun	swe	Diane	properNoun	nor
Hebnes	properNoun	swe	Hebnes	properNoun	nor
Blancornela	properNoun	swe	Blancornela	properNoun	nor
Iŋgorjávri	properNoun	swe	Iŋgorjávri	properNoun	nor
Jäkälä	properNoun	swe	Jäkälä	properNoun	nor
Hildegunn	properNoun	swe	Hildegunn	properNoun	nor
Norderhov	properNoun	swe	Norderhov	properNoun	nor
Olet	properNoun	swe	Olet	properNoun	nor
Fana	properNoun	swe	Fana	properNoun	nor
Jorsett	properNoun	swe	Jorsett	properNoun	nor
Dahle	properNoun	swe	Dahle	properNoun	nor
Sør-Finland	properNoun	swe	Sør-Finland	properNoun	nor
Sør-Europa	properNoun	swe	Sør-Europa	properNoun	nor
Nikula	properNoun	swe	Nikula	properNoun	nor
Skandia	properNoun	swe	Skandia	properNoun	nor
Sihvonen	properNoun	swe	Sihvonen	properNoun	nor
Nuikka	properNoun	swe	Nuikka	properNoun	nor
Forster	properNoun	swe	Forster	properNoun	nor
Nordsveen	properNoun	swe	Nordsveen	properNoun	nor
Laurendz	properNoun	swe	Laurendz	properNoun	nor
Vo	properNoun	swe	Vo	properNoun	nor
Veijanen	properNoun	swe	Veijanen	properNoun	nor
Dianalund	properNoun	swe	Dianalund	properNoun	nor
Sigismund	properNoun	swe	Sigismund	properNoun	nor
Kjøpsvik	properNoun	swe	Kjøpsvik	properNoun	nor
Olkkonen	properNoun	swe	Olkkonen	properNoun	nor
Beahcce	properNoun	swe	Beahcce	properNoun	nor
Moldavia	properNoun	swe	Moldavia	properNoun	nor
Ringhals	properNoun	swe	Ringhals	properNoun	nor
Nice	properNoun	swe	Nice	properNoun	nor
Hågenssen	properNoun	swe	Hågenssen	properNoun	nor
State	properNoun	swe	State	properNoun	nor
Hentunen	properNoun	swe	Hentunen	properNoun	nor
Sagarmatha	properNoun	swe	Sagarmatha	properNoun	nor
Ryvingen	properNoun	swe	Ryvingen	properNoun	nor
Ruoppavárri	properNoun	swe	Ruoppavárri	properNoun	nor
Kolbjørnsen	properNoun	swe	Kolbjørnsen	properNoun	nor
Taube	properNoun	swe	Taube	properNoun	nor
Myklebost	properNoun	swe	Myklebost	properNoun	nor
Svennssen	properNoun	swe	Svennssen	properNoun	nor
Kristiansson	properNoun	swe	Kristiansson	properNoun	nor
Undrum	properNoun	swe	Undrum	properNoun	nor
Rønhovde	properNoun	swe	Rønhovde	properNoun	nor
Powell	properNoun	swe	Powell	properNoun	nor
Andenæs	properNoun	swe	Andenæs	properNoun	nor
Kirunavaara	properNoun	swe	Kirunavaara	properNoun	nor
Ramstad	properNoun	swe	Ramstad	properNoun	nor
Sletten	properNoun	swe	Sletten	properNoun	nor
Vetle	properNoun	swe	Vetle	properNoun	nor
Buseth	properNoun	swe	Buseth	properNoun	nor
Nick	properNoun	swe	Nick	properNoun	nor
Nordmarka	properNoun	swe	Nordmarka	properNoun	nor
OECD	properNoun	swe	OECD	properNoun	nor
Hautanen	properNoun	swe	Hautanen	properNoun	nor
Hauglin	properNoun	swe	Hauglin	properNoun	nor
Ebbell	properNoun	swe	Ebbell	properNoun	nor
Merethe	properNoun	swe	Merethe	properNoun	nor
Tonsåsen	properNoun	swe	Tonsåsen	properNoun	nor
Wiechetek	properNoun	swe	Wiechetek	properNoun	nor
Myrheim	properNoun	swe	Myrheim	properNoun	nor
Sumatra	properNoun	swe	Sumatra	properNoun	nor
Merkkiniemi	properNoun	swe	Merkkiniemi	properNoun	nor
Harriet	properNoun	swe	Harriet	properNoun	nor
Åshild	properNoun	swe	Åshild	properNoun	nor
Thorkild	properNoun	swe	Thorkild	properNoun	nor
Irina	properNoun	swe	Irina	properNoun	nor
Máhtejeaggi	properNoun	swe	Máhtejeaggi	properNoun	nor
Lievonen	properNoun	swe	Lievonen	properNoun	nor
Moline	properNoun	swe	Moline	properNoun	nor
Moe	properNoun	swe	Moe	properNoun	nor
Savilahti	properNoun	swe	Savilahti	properNoun	nor
Mannonen	properNoun	swe	Mannonen	properNoun	nor
Kerttu	properNoun	swe	Kerttu	properNoun	nor
Sommer	properNoun	swe	Sommer	properNoun	nor
Ludvika	properNoun	swe	Ludvika	properNoun	nor
Bronn	properNoun	swe	Bronn	properNoun	nor
Ottersen	properNoun	swe	Ottersen	properNoun	nor
Scheie	properNoun	swe	Scheie	properNoun	nor
Moi	properNoun	swe	Moi	properNoun	nor
Skoge	properNoun	swe	Skoge	properNoun	nor
Ensrud	properNoun	swe	Ensrud	properNoun	nor
Birtá	properNoun	swe	Birtá	properNoun	nor
Gillian	properNoun	swe	Gillian	properNoun	nor
Dakota	properNoun	swe	Dakota	properNoun	nor
Harley-Davidson	properNoun	swe	Harley-Davidson	properNoun	nor
Äpar	properNoun	swe	Äpar	properNoun	nor
Skoppum	properNoun	swe	Skoppum	properNoun	nor
Krain	properNoun	swe	Krain	properNoun	nor
Skogsholm	properNoun	swe	Skogsholm	properNoun	nor
Jürgensen	properNoun	swe	Jürgensen	properNoun	nor
Gudbrandssen	properNoun	swe	Gudbrandssen	properNoun	nor
Raivio	properNoun	swe	Raivio	properNoun	nor
Nirkko	properNoun	swe	Nirkko	properNoun	nor
Rávna	properNoun	swe	Rávna	properNoun	nor
Sujala	properNoun	swe	Sujala	properNoun	nor
Rodin	properNoun	swe	Rodin	properNoun	nor
Raunio	properNoun	swe	Raunio	properNoun	nor
Alapiha	properNoun	swe	Alapiha	properNoun	nor
Jostein	properNoun	swe	Jostein	properNoun	nor
Sousse	properNoun	swe	Sousse	properNoun	nor
Stabekk	properNoun	swe	Stabekk	properNoun	nor
Wiener	properNoun	swe	Wiener	properNoun	nor
Salmivuori	properNoun	swe	Salmivuori	properNoun	nor
Bronx	properNoun	swe	Bronx	properNoun	nor
Lávrrohaš	properNoun	swe	Lávrrohaš	properNoun	nor
Gardemusikken	properNoun	swe	Gardemusikken	properNoun	nor
Koskivuori	properNoun	swe	Koskivuori	properNoun	nor
Hagestad	properNoun	swe	Hagestad	properNoun	nor
Chesterfield	properNoun	swe	Chesterfield	properNoun	nor
Skogn	properNoun	swe	Skogn	properNoun	nor
Viita	properNoun	swe	Viita	properNoun	nor
Sunne	properNoun	swe	Sunne	properNoun	nor
Cuzco	properNoun	swe	Cuzco	properNoun	nor
Asklepios	properNoun	swe	Asklepios	properNoun	nor
Håkan	properNoun	swe	Håkan	properNoun	nor
Thrond	properNoun	swe	Thrond	properNoun	nor
Brussel	properNoun	swe	Brussel	properNoun	nor
Langhus	properNoun	swe	Langhus	properNoun	nor
Suutari	properNoun	swe	Suutari	properNoun	nor
Råkvåg	properNoun	swe	Råkvåg	properNoun	nor
Juberg	properNoun	swe	Juberg	properNoun	nor
Åsegg	properNoun	swe	Åsegg	properNoun	nor
Torsen	properNoun	swe	Torsen	properNoun	nor
Ingebrigtssen	properNoun	swe	Ingebrigtssen	properNoun	nor
Rune	properNoun	swe	Rune	properNoun	nor
Melsomvik	properNoun	swe	Melsomvik	properNoun	nor
Keurulainen	properNoun	swe	Keurulainen	properNoun	nor
Isosaari	properNoun	swe	Isosaari	properNoun	nor
Dean	properNoun	swe	Dean	properNoun	nor
Bernhardsen	properNoun	swe	Bernhardsen	properNoun	nor
Torine	properNoun	swe	Torine	properNoun	nor
University	properNoun	swe	University	properNoun	nor
Savilampi	properNoun	swe	Savilampi	properNoun	nor
Canaveral	properNoun	swe	Canaveral	properNoun	nor
Löytönen	properNoun	swe	Löytönen	properNoun	nor
Hanstad	properNoun	swe	Hanstad	properNoun	nor
Lukianos	properNoun	swe	Lukianos	properNoun	nor
Duncan	properNoun	swe	Duncan	properNoun	nor
Ekebergsletta	properNoun	swe	Ekebergsletta	properNoun	nor
Hermanson	properNoun	swe	Hermanson	properNoun	nor
Åle	properNoun	swe	Åle	properNoun	nor
Sørheim	properNoun	swe	Sørheim	properNoun	nor
Puranen	properNoun	swe	Puranen	properNoun	nor
Leivssen	properNoun	swe	Leivssen	properNoun	nor
Särkkä	properNoun	swe	Särkkä	properNoun	nor
Skirstad	properNoun	swe	Skirstad	properNoun	nor
Niiranen	properNoun	swe	Niiranen	properNoun	nor
Uddevalla	properNoun	swe	Uddevalla	properNoun	nor
Torino	properNoun	swe	Torino	properNoun	nor
Nanjing	properNoun	swe	Nanjing	properNoun	nor
Tomasson	properNoun	swe	Tomasson	properNoun	nor
Moholt	properNoun	swe	Moholt	properNoun	nor
Stødle	properNoun	swe	Stødle	properNoun	nor
France	properNoun	swe	France	properNoun	nor
Dagmar	properNoun	swe	Dagmar	properNoun	nor
Ranta	properNoun	swe	Ranta	properNoun	nor
Jordnes	properNoun	swe	Jordnes	properNoun	nor
Rigve	properNoun	swe	Rigve	properNoun	nor
Särkilahti	properNoun	swe	Särkilahti	properNoun	nor
Rauset	properNoun	swe	Rauset	properNoun	nor
Læstadius	properNoun	swe	Læstadius	properNoun	nor
Svetlana	properNoun	swe	Svetlana	properNoun	nor
Fossem	properNoun	swe	Fossem	properNoun	nor
We	properNoun	swe	We	properNoun	nor
Fossen	properNoun	swe	Fossen	properNoun	nor
Crawford	properNoun	swe	Crawford	properNoun	nor
Oddmund	properNoun	swe	Oddmund	properNoun	nor
Köln	properNoun	swe	Köln	properNoun	nor
Skei	properNoun	swe	Skei	properNoun	nor
Gellerup	properNoun	swe	Gellerup	properNoun	nor
Kaakinen	properNoun	swe	Kaakinen	properNoun	nor
Porsangerhalvøya	properNoun	swe	Porsangerhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Hakomäki	properNoun	swe	Hakomäki	properNoun	nor
Josjua	properNoun	swe	Josjua	properNoun	nor
Saana	properNoun	swe	Saana	properNoun	nor
Fosser	properNoun	swe	Fosser	properNoun	nor
Decker	properNoun	swe	Decker	properNoun	nor
Ánddeš-Bier	properNoun	swe	Ánddeš-Bier	properNoun	nor
Elfrida	properNoun	swe	Elfrida	properNoun	nor
Skjold	properNoun	swe	Skjold	properNoun	nor
Franco	properNoun	swe	Franco	properNoun	nor
Kasimir	properNoun	swe	Kasimir	properNoun	nor
Juvonen	properNoun	swe	Juvonen	properNoun	nor
Junninen	properNoun	swe	Junninen	properNoun	nor
Alakopsa	properNoun	swe	Alakopsa	properNoun	nor
Vegar	properNoun	swe	Vegar	properNoun	nor
Gregersson	properNoun	swe	Gregersson	properNoun	nor
Skogsrud	properNoun	swe	Skogsrud	properNoun	nor
Zita	properNoun	swe	Zita	properNoun	nor
Gina	properNoun	swe	Gina	properNoun	nor
Vegas	properNoun	swe	Vegas	properNoun	nor
Sana	properNoun	swe	Sana	properNoun	nor
Hornås	properNoun	swe	Hornås	properNoun	nor
Bunæs	properNoun	swe	Bunæs	properNoun	nor
Nurmilaukas	properNoun	swe	Nurmilaukas	properNoun	nor
Børsheim	properNoun	swe	Børsheim	properNoun	nor
Vedenoja	properNoun	swe	Vedenoja	properNoun	nor
Sand	properNoun	swe	Sand	properNoun	nor
Ranto	properNoun	swe	Ranto	properNoun	nor
Holfendt	properNoun	swe	Holfendt	properNoun	nor
Estola	properNoun	swe	Estola	properNoun	nor
Oddrun	properNoun	swe	Oddrun	properNoun	nor
Bendeke	properNoun	swe	Bendeke	properNoun	nor
Sissener	properNoun	swe	Sissener	properNoun	nor
Barbro	properNoun	swe	Barbro	properNoun	nor
Halldorsdottir	properNoun	swe	Halldorsdottir	properNoun	nor
Mihkujávri	properNoun	swe	Mihkujávri	properNoun	nor
Godager	properNoun	swe	Godager	properNoun	nor
Fygle	properNoun	swe	Fygle	properNoun	nor
Vancouver	properNoun	swe	Vancouver	properNoun	nor
Karlsøy	properNoun	swe	Karlsøy	properNoun	nor
Soltvedt	properNoun	swe	Soltvedt	properNoun	nor
Budapest	properNoun	swe	Budapest	properNoun	nor
Povel	properNoun	swe	Povel	properNoun	nor
Pystynen	properNoun	swe	Pystynen	properNoun	nor
Melanen	properNoun	swe	Melanen	properNoun	nor
Keisanen	properNoun	swe	Keisanen	properNoun	nor
Lovisa	properNoun	swe	Lovisa	properNoun	nor
Skretting	properNoun	swe	Skretting	properNoun	nor
Olavson	properNoun	swe	Olavson	properNoun	nor
Femris	properNoun	swe	Femris	properNoun	nor
Wegge	properNoun	swe	Wegge	properNoun	nor
Fosstveit	properNoun	swe	Fosstveit	properNoun	nor
Guhturgurajávri	properNoun	swe	Guhturgurajávri	properNoun	nor
Julius	properNoun	swe	Julius	properNoun	nor
Teodora	properNoun	swe	Teodora	properNoun	nor
Oikkonen	properNoun	swe	Oikkonen	properNoun	nor
Joab	properNoun	swe	Joab	properNoun	nor
Lovise	properNoun	swe	Lovise	properNoun	nor
Senger	properNoun	swe	Senger	properNoun	nor
Gladys	properNoun	swe	Gladys	properNoun	nor
Homme	properNoun	swe	Homme	properNoun	nor
Takle	properNoun	swe	Takle	properNoun	nor
Sundquist	properNoun	swe	Sundquist	properNoun	nor
Hemfjell	properNoun	swe	Hemfjell	properNoun	nor
Verronen	properNoun	swe	Verronen	properNoun	nor
Jønsrud	properNoun	swe	Jønsrud	properNoun	nor
Auken	properNoun	swe	Auken	properNoun	nor
Piipari	properNoun	swe	Piipari	properNoun	nor
Nobile	properNoun	swe	Nobile	properNoun	nor
Dedichen	properNoun	swe	Dedichen	properNoun	nor
Blekkulf	properNoun	swe	Blekkulf	properNoun	nor
Borghild	properNoun	swe	Borghild	properNoun	nor
Suhrke	properNoun	swe	Suhrke	properNoun	nor
Salmelainen	properNoun	swe	Salmelainen	properNoun	nor
Pieski	properNoun	swe	Pieski	properNoun	nor
Kirjalainen	properNoun	swe	Kirjalainen	properNoun	nor
Jouhki	properNoun	swe	Jouhki	properNoun	nor
Clyde	properNoun	swe	Clyde	properNoun	nor
Joan	properNoun	swe	Joan	properNoun	nor
Stabell	properNoun	swe	Stabell	properNoun	nor
Apollosa	properNoun	swe	Apollosa	properNoun	nor
Mathopen	properNoun	swe	Mathopen	properNoun	nor
Heimbeck	properNoun	swe	Heimbeck	properNoun	nor
Valparaiso	properNoun	swe	Valparaiso	properNoun	nor
Kušnir	properNoun	swe	Kušnir	properNoun	nor
Joar	properNoun	swe	Joar	properNoun	nor
Raghild	properNoun	swe	Raghild	properNoun	nor
Toikkanen	properNoun	swe	Toikkanen	properNoun	nor
Koiranen	properNoun	swe	Koiranen	properNoun	nor
Brynild	properNoun	swe	Brynild	properNoun	nor
Perg	properNoun	swe	Perg	properNoun	nor
Delhi	properNoun	swe	Delhi	properNoun	nor
Rodeløkka	properNoun	swe	Rodeløkka	properNoun	nor
Peri	properNoun	swe	Peri	properNoun	nor
Górzów	properNoun	swe	Górzów	properNoun	nor
Kangasluoma	properNoun	swe	Kangasluoma	properNoun	nor
Bávválroavvi	properNoun	swe	Bávválroavvi	properNoun	nor
Torkelsen	properNoun	swe	Torkelsen	properNoun	nor
Mariestad	properNoun	swe	Mariestad	properNoun	nor
Ballovaara	properNoun	swe	Ballovaara	properNoun	nor
Vestlandskysten	properNoun	swe	Vestlandskysten	properNoun	nor
Tyrol	properNoun	swe	Tyrol	properNoun	nor
Svenes	properNoun	swe	Svenes	properNoun	nor
Aslaug	properNoun	swe	Aslaug	properNoun	nor
Ræstad	properNoun	swe	Ræstad	properNoun	nor
Basedow	properNoun	swe	Basedow	properNoun	nor
Øydvin	properNoun	swe	Øydvin	properNoun	nor
Sandström	properNoun	swe	Sandström	properNoun	nor
Michail	properNoun	swe	Michail	properNoun	nor
Olga	properNoun	swe	Olga	properNoun	nor
Vevelstad	properNoun	swe	Vevelstad	properNoun	nor
Finnskogene	properNoun	swe	Finnskogene	properNoun	nor
Porokwa	properNoun	swe	Porokwa	properNoun	nor
Paine	properNoun	swe	Paine	properNoun	nor
Mebius	properNoun	swe	Mebius	properNoun	nor
Steinulf	properNoun	swe	Steinulf	properNoun	nor
Lindmann	properNoun	swe	Lindmann	properNoun	nor
Kovensuolu	properNoun	swe	Kovensuolu	properNoun	nor
Forseth	properNoun	swe	Forseth	properNoun	nor
Teodor	properNoun	swe	Teodor	properNoun	nor
Trudvang	properNoun	swe	Trudvang	properNoun	nor
Litmanen	properNoun	swe	Litmanen	properNoun	nor
Bauman	properNoun	swe	Bauman	properNoun	nor
Heika	properNoun	swe	Heika	properNoun	nor
Salangen	properNoun	swe	Salangen	properNoun	nor
Renander	properNoun	swe	Renander	properNoun	nor
Takoradi	properNoun	swe	Takoradi	properNoun	nor
Ristenvárri	properNoun	swe	Ristenvárri	properNoun	nor
Kangasmäki	properNoun	swe	Kangasmäki	properNoun	nor
Johannis	properNoun	swe	Johannis	properNoun	nor
Skaugum	properNoun	swe	Skaugum	properNoun	nor
Peru	properNoun	swe	Peru	properNoun	nor
Sederholm	properNoun	swe	Sederholm	properNoun	nor
Schamaun	properNoun	swe	Schamaun	properNoun	nor
Paaskesen	properNoun	swe	Paaskesen	properNoun	nor
Jesper	properNoun	swe	Jesper	properNoun	nor
Riippa	properNoun	swe	Riippa	properNoun	nor
Heike	properNoun	swe	Heike	properNoun	nor
Sandnes	properNoun	swe	Sandnes	properNoun	nor
Fiskå	properNoun	swe	Fiskå	properNoun	nor
Petrus	properNoun	swe	Petrus	properNoun	nor
Kivisalo	properNoun	swe	Kivisalo	properNoun	nor
Jorun	properNoun	swe	Jorun	properNoun	nor
Westen	properNoun	swe	Westen	properNoun	nor
Saarto	properNoun	swe	Saarto	properNoun	nor
Jerving	properNoun	swe	Jerving	properNoun	nor
Osberg	properNoun	swe	Osberg	properNoun	nor
Nissinen	properNoun	swe	Nissinen	properNoun	nor
Märak	properNoun	swe	Märak	properNoun	nor
Holtari	properNoun	swe	Holtari	properNoun	nor
Østensen	properNoun	swe	Østensen	properNoun	nor
Kömi	properNoun	swe	Kömi	properNoun	nor
Buvarp	properNoun	swe	Buvarp	properNoun	nor
Gobiørkenen	properNoun	swe	Gobiørkenen	properNoun	nor
Paint	properNoun	swe	Paint	properNoun	nor
Leinster	properNoun	swe	Leinster	properNoun	nor
Laakkonen	properNoun	swe	Laakkonen	properNoun	nor
Riippi	properNoun	swe	Riippi	properNoun	nor
Hue	properNoun	swe	Hue	properNoun	nor
Christopher	properNoun	swe	Christopher	properNoun	nor
Lommedalen	properNoun	swe	Lommedalen	properNoun	nor
AKP-ml	properNoun	swe	AKP-ml	properNoun	nor
Kasperson	properNoun	swe	Kasperson	properNoun	nor
Åsen	properNoun	swe	Åsen	properNoun	nor
Åmo	properNoun	swe	Åmo	properNoun	nor
Johanan	properNoun	swe	Johanan	properNoun	nor
Svendson	properNoun	swe	Svendson	properNoun	nor
Leviatan	properNoun	swe	Leviatan	properNoun	nor
Limousine	properNoun	swe	Limousine	properNoun	nor
Rømer	properNoun	swe	Rømer	properNoun	nor
Blix	properNoun	swe	Blix	properNoun	nor
Huk	properNoun	swe	Huk	properNoun	nor
Lesjaskog	properNoun	swe	Lesjaskog	properNoun	nor
Næstved	properNoun	swe	Næstved	properNoun	nor
Hul	properNoun	swe	Hul	properNoun	nor
Johanas	properNoun	swe	Johanas	properNoun	nor
Joná	properNoun	swe	Joná	properNoun	nor
Hubertus	properNoun	swe	Hubertus	properNoun	nor
Laodikea	properNoun	swe	Laodikea	properNoun	nor
Kjøtta	properNoun	swe	Kjøtta	properNoun	nor
Kesti	properNoun	swe	Kesti	properNoun	nor
Hornæs	properNoun	swe	Hornæs	properNoun	nor
Ásllat	properNoun	swe	Ásllat	properNoun	nor
Ranum	properNoun	swe	Ranum	properNoun	nor
Luoti	properNoun	swe	Luoti	properNoun	nor
Frands	properNoun	swe	Frands	properNoun	nor
Shiva	properNoun	swe	Shiva	properNoun	nor
Haagensen	properNoun	swe	Haagensen	properNoun	nor
Klinsmann	properNoun	swe	Klinsmann	properNoun	nor
Huopainen	properNoun	swe	Huopainen	properNoun	nor
Olaisson	properNoun	swe	Olaisson	properNoun	nor
Imagáisi	properNoun	swe	Imagáisi	properNoun	nor
Ellef	properNoun	swe	Ellef	properNoun	nor
Soila	properNoun	swe	Soila	properNoun	nor
Johansen	properNoun	swe	Johansen	properNoun	nor
Tornaeus	properNoun	swe	Tornaeus	properNoun	nor
Time	properNoun	swe	Time	properNoun	nor
Lagos	properNoun	swe	Lagos	properNoun	nor
Omaha	properNoun	swe	Omaha	properNoun	nor
Lähteenmäki	properNoun	swe	Lähteenmäki	properNoun	nor
Kittil	properNoun	swe	Kittil	properNoun	nor
Luoto	properNoun	swe	Luoto	properNoun	nor
Brodersen	properNoun	swe	Brodersen	properNoun	nor
Modalen	properNoun	swe	Modalen	properNoun	nor
Jacobssen	properNoun	swe	Jacobssen	properNoun	nor
Vehkaoja	properNoun	swe	Vehkaoja	properNoun	nor
Jørn-Are	properNoun	swe	Jørn-Are	properNoun	nor
Huy	properNoun	swe	Huy	properNoun	nor
Ellen	properNoun	swe	Ellen	properNoun	nor
Aakre	properNoun	swe	Aakre	properNoun	nor
Syrjä	properNoun	swe	Syrjä	properNoun	nor
Halstensen	properNoun	swe	Halstensen	properNoun	nor
Kirsi	properNoun	swe	Kirsi	properNoun	nor
Ellefsson	properNoun	swe	Ellefsson	properNoun	nor
Babylonia	properNoun	swe	Babylonia	properNoun	nor
Rantamäki	properNoun	swe	Rantamäki	properNoun	nor
Petäjäjärvi	properNoun	swe	Petäjäjärvi	properNoun	nor
Kuivinen	properNoun	swe	Kuivinen	properNoun	nor
Timo	properNoun	swe	Timo	properNoun	nor
Thowsen	properNoun	swe	Thowsen	properNoun	nor
Schnitler	properNoun	swe	Schnitler	properNoun	nor
Elieson	properNoun	swe	Elieson	properNoun	nor
Christina	properNoun	swe	Christina	properNoun	nor
Isoaho	properNoun	swe	Isoaho	properNoun	nor
Flintoe	properNoun	swe	Flintoe	properNoun	nor
Joba	properNoun	swe	Joba	properNoun	nor
Becher	properNoun	swe	Becher	properNoun	nor
Sveinung	properNoun	swe	Sveinung	properNoun	nor
Karpatene	properNoun	swe	Karpatene	properNoun	nor
Beahcet	properNoun	swe	Beahcet	properNoun	nor
Cold	properNoun	swe	Cold	properNoun	nor
Salakari	properNoun	swe	Salakari	properNoun	nor
Christine	properNoun	swe	Christine	properNoun	nor
Sæthra	properNoun	swe	Sæthra	properNoun	nor
Magt	properNoun	swe	Magt	properNoun	nor
Alabama	properNoun	swe	Alabama	properNoun	nor
Trent	properNoun	swe	Trent	properNoun	nor
Kyröläinen	properNoun	swe	Kyröläinen	properNoun	nor
Gonzales	properNoun	swe	Gonzales	properNoun	nor
Sjølie	properNoun	swe	Sjølie	properNoun	nor
Lukius	properNoun	swe	Lukius	properNoun	nor
Impola	properNoun	swe	Impola	properNoun	nor
Sæthre	properNoun	swe	Sæthre	properNoun	nor
Sellafield	properNoun	swe	Sellafield	properNoun	nor
Karlstad	properNoun	swe	Karlstad	properNoun	nor
Grøterud	properNoun	swe	Grøterud	properNoun	nor
Coll	properNoun	swe	Coll	properNoun	nor
Lothe	properNoun	swe	Lothe	properNoun	nor
Nolde	properNoun	swe	Nolde	properNoun	nor
Kaakko	properNoun	swe	Kaakko	properNoun	nor
Skjervøy	properNoun	swe	Skjervøy	properNoun	nor
Golgata	properNoun	swe	Golgata	properNoun	nor
Moore	properNoun	swe	Moore	properNoun	nor
Lalli	properNoun	swe	Lalli	properNoun	nor
Bolivia	properNoun	swe	Bolivia	properNoun	nor
Gonzalez	properNoun	swe	Gonzalez	properNoun	nor
Arjok	properNoun	swe	Arjok	properNoun	nor
Gullikson	properNoun	swe	Gullikson	properNoun	nor
Karlström	properNoun	swe	Karlström	properNoun	nor
Augustus	properNoun	swe	Augustus	properNoun	nor
Einarssen	properNoun	swe	Einarssen	properNoun	nor
Jupiter	properNoun	swe	Jupiter	properNoun	nor
Nikupeteri	properNoun	swe	Nikupeteri	properNoun	nor
Jarand	properNoun	swe	Jarand	properNoun	nor
Hvinden	properNoun	swe	Hvinden	properNoun	nor
Opheim	properNoun	swe	Opheim	properNoun	nor
Holmgaard	properNoun	swe	Holmgaard	properNoun	nor
Frionor	properNoun	swe	Frionor	properNoun	nor
Lallo	properNoun	swe	Lallo	properNoun	nor
Kenya	properNoun	swe	Kenya	properNoun	nor
Mesiäinen	properNoun	swe	Mesiäinen	properNoun	nor
Arkippos	properNoun	swe	Arkippos	properNoun	nor
Rytilahti	properNoun	swe	Rytilahti	properNoun	nor
Partio	properNoun	swe	Partio	properNoun	nor
Nemtsov	properNoun	swe	Nemtsov	properNoun	nor
Löytynoja	properNoun	swe	Löytynoja	properNoun	nor
PrillarGuri	properNoun	swe	PrillarGuri	properNoun	nor
Toroskainen	properNoun	swe	Toroskainen	properNoun	nor
Helweg	properNoun	swe	Helweg	properNoun	nor
Thoresson	properNoun	swe	Thoresson	properNoun	nor
Löhönen	properNoun	swe	Löhönen	properNoun	nor
Young	properNoun	swe	Young	properNoun	nor
Javanainen	properNoun	swe	Javanainen	properNoun	nor
Bávval	properNoun	swe	Bávval	properNoun	nor
Solrun	properNoun	swe	Solrun	properNoun	nor
Beathe	properNoun	swe	Beathe	properNoun	nor
Bygdøy	properNoun	swe	Bygdøy	properNoun	nor
Welde	properNoun	swe	Welde	properNoun	nor
Geir-Ove	properNoun	swe	Geir-Ove	properNoun	nor
YS	properNoun	swe	YS	properNoun	nor
Castleford	properNoun	swe	Castleford	properNoun	nor
Brueghel	properNoun	swe	Brueghel	properNoun	nor
Bache	properNoun	swe	Bache	properNoun	nor
Ávvir	properNoun	swe	Ávvir	properNoun	nor
Wolfberg	properNoun	swe	Wolfberg	properNoun	nor
Klæstad	properNoun	swe	Klæstad	properNoun	nor
Mäkiniemi	properNoun	swe	Mäkiniemi	properNoun	nor
Sørumsand	properNoun	swe	Sørumsand	properNoun	nor
Pesu	properNoun	swe	Pesu	properNoun	nor
Jabin	properNoun	swe	Jabin	properNoun	nor
Henningssen	properNoun	swe	Henningssen	properNoun	nor
Hurri	properNoun	swe	Hurri	properNoun	nor
Vassmannen	properNoun	swe	Vassmannen	properNoun	nor
Lundquist	properNoun	swe	Lundquist	properNoun	nor
Nedenes	properNoun	swe	Nedenes	properNoun	nor
Sheraton	properNoun	swe	Sheraton	properNoun	nor
Durban	properNoun	swe	Durban	properNoun	nor
Kyllest	properNoun	swe	Kyllest	properNoun	nor
Baardsen	properNoun	swe	Baardsen	properNoun	nor
Susanna	properNoun	swe	Susanna	properNoun	nor
Borgersson	properNoun	swe	Borgersson	properNoun	nor
Pikkuhookana	properNoun	swe	Pikkuhookana	properNoun	nor
Castberg	properNoun	swe	Castberg	properNoun	nor
Hannah	properNoun	swe	Hannah	properNoun	nor
Ørnbakk	properNoun	swe	Ørnbakk	properNoun	nor
Tapio	properNoun	swe	Tapio	properNoun	nor
Susanne	properNoun	swe	Susanne	properNoun	nor
Soininen	properNoun	swe	Soininen	properNoun	nor
Muranen	properNoun	swe	Muranen	properNoun	nor
Iuell	properNoun	swe	Iuell	properNoun	nor
Bjørklund	properNoun	swe	Bjørklund	properNoun	nor
Mustafa	properNoun	swe	Mustafa	properNoun	nor
Kolkka	properNoun	swe	Kolkka	properNoun	nor
Kokkersvold	properNoun	swe	Kokkersvold	properNoun	nor
Hultgren	properNoun	swe	Hultgren	properNoun	nor
Tigris	properNoun	swe	Tigris	properNoun	nor
Maråk	properNoun	swe	Maråk	properNoun	nor
Müller	properNoun	swe	Müller	properNoun	nor
Skistad	properNoun	swe	Skistad	properNoun	nor
Jidlaf	properNoun	swe	Jidlaf	properNoun	nor
Courier	properNoun	swe	Courier	properNoun	nor
Pøsa	properNoun	swe	Pøsa	properNoun	nor
Nordishavet	properNoun	swe	Nordishavet	properNoun	nor
Wildhagen	properNoun	swe	Wildhagen	properNoun	nor
Eliasnuorri	properNoun	swe	Eliasnuorri	properNoun	nor
Scharffenberg	properNoun	swe	Scharffenberg	properNoun	nor
Records	properNoun	swe	Records	properNoun	nor
Heikkočazajávri	properNoun	swe	Heikkočazajávri	properNoun	nor
Liberty	properNoun	swe	Liberty	properNoun	nor
Tiukkanen	properNoun	swe	Tiukkanen	properNoun	nor
Mourujärvi	properNoun	swe	Mourujärvi	properNoun	nor
Sigvalde	properNoun	swe	Sigvalde	properNoun	nor
Tuomivaara	properNoun	swe	Tuomivaara	properNoun	nor
Hannas	properNoun	swe	Hannas	properNoun	nor
Tresfjord	properNoun	swe	Tresfjord	properNoun	nor
Skjong	properNoun	swe	Skjong	properNoun	nor
Neergaard	properNoun	swe	Neergaard	properNoun	nor
Tina	properNoun	swe	Tina	properNoun	nor
Hömppi	properNoun	swe	Hömppi	properNoun	nor
Bindernæs	properNoun	swe	Bindernæs	properNoun	nor
Ylönen	properNoun	swe	Ylönen	properNoun	nor
Kentala	properNoun	swe	Kentala	properNoun	nor
Engeseth	properNoun	swe	Engeseth	properNoun	nor
Norskerenna	properNoun	swe	Norskerenna	properNoun	nor
Adonis	properNoun	swe	Adonis	properNoun	nor
Ågren	properNoun	swe	Ågren	properNoun	nor
Wie	properNoun	swe	Wie	properNoun	nor
Sylstad	properNoun	swe	Sylstad	properNoun	nor
Nesvik	properNoun	swe	Nesvik	properNoun	nor
McElroy	properNoun	swe	McElroy	properNoun	nor
Kjønnøy	properNoun	swe	Kjønnøy	properNoun	nor
Hjallis	properNoun	swe	Hjallis	properNoun	nor
Verran	properNoun	swe	Verran	properNoun	nor
Timoskainen	properNoun	swe	Timoskainen	properNoun	nor
Miinalainen	properNoun	swe	Miinalainen	properNoun	nor
Harusina	properNoun	swe	Harusina	properNoun	nor
Tine	properNoun	swe	Tine	properNoun	nor
Wig	properNoun	swe	Wig	properNoun	nor
Wiencke	properNoun	swe	Wiencke	properNoun	nor
Paasila	properNoun	swe	Paasila	properNoun	nor
Soinio	properNoun	swe	Soinio	properNoun	nor
Puukka	properNoun	swe	Puukka	properNoun	nor
Bryhn	properNoun	swe	Bryhn	properNoun	nor
Kingston	properNoun	swe	Kingston	properNoun	nor
Iivonen	properNoun	swe	Iivonen	properNoun	nor
Horpestad	properNoun	swe	Horpestad	properNoun	nor
Tuolja	properNoun	swe	Tuolja	properNoun	nor
Gissur	properNoun	swe	Gissur	properNoun	nor
Tapola	properNoun	swe	Tapola	properNoun	nor
Myken	properNoun	swe	Myken	properNoun	nor
Maliniemi	properNoun	swe	Maliniemi	properNoun	nor
Julsvik	properNoun	swe	Julsvik	properNoun	nor
Magnus	properNoun	swe	Magnus	properNoun	nor
Wik	properNoun	swe	Wik	properNoun	nor
Ainasoja	properNoun	swe	Ainasoja	properNoun	nor
Sigvard	properNoun	swe	Sigvard	properNoun	nor
Hildegun	properNoun	swe	Hildegun	properNoun	nor
Tinn	properNoun	swe	Tinn	properNoun	nor
Vottonen	properNoun	swe	Vottonen	properNoun	nor
Sarapää	properNoun	swe	Sarapää	properNoun	nor
Miikki	properNoun	swe	Miikki	properNoun	nor
Simested	properNoun	swe	Simested	properNoun	nor
Tonny	properNoun	swe	Tonny	properNoun	nor
Lieng	properNoun	swe	Lieng	properNoun	nor
Grøneng	properNoun	swe	Grøneng	properNoun	nor
Frodessen	properNoun	swe	Frodessen	properNoun	nor
Hundested	properNoun	swe	Hundested	properNoun	nor
Brambani	properNoun	swe	Brambani	properNoun	nor
Tuoriniemi	properNoun	swe	Tuoriniemi	properNoun	nor
Skavlan	properNoun	swe	Skavlan	properNoun	nor
Matthiesen	properNoun	swe	Matthiesen	properNoun	nor
Remus	properNoun	swe	Remus	properNoun	nor
Refling	properNoun	swe	Refling	properNoun	nor
Puukko	properNoun	swe	Puukko	properNoun	nor
Nergaard	properNoun	swe	Nergaard	properNoun	nor
Kaurala	properNoun	swe	Kaurala	properNoun	nor
Annveig	properNoun	swe	Annveig	properNoun	nor
Vosges	properNoun	swe	Vosges	properNoun	nor
Svendsrud	properNoun	swe	Svendsrud	properNoun	nor
Grongstad	properNoun	swe	Grongstad	properNoun	nor
Løvig	properNoun	swe	Løvig	properNoun	nor
Hyyrynen	properNoun	swe	Hyyrynen	properNoun	nor
Adriaterhavskysten	properNoun	swe	Adriaterhavskysten	properNoun	nor
Quayle	properNoun	swe	Quayle	properNoun	nor
Vorterøyskagen	properNoun	swe	Vorterøyskagen	properNoun	nor
Sletbak	properNoun	swe	Sletbak	properNoun	nor
Schultz	properNoun	swe	Schultz	properNoun	nor
Nybråten	properNoun	swe	Nybråten	properNoun	nor
KSSE	properNoun	swe	KSSE	properNoun	nor
Grieg	properNoun	swe	Grieg	properNoun	nor
Tuomisto	properNoun	swe	Tuomisto	properNoun	nor
Mattanen	properNoun	swe	Mattanen	properNoun	nor
Østerås	properNoun	swe	Østerås	properNoun	nor
Løvik	properNoun	swe	Løvik	properNoun	nor
Miennačohkka	properNoun	swe	Miennačohkka	properNoun	nor
Bråtveit	properNoun	swe	Bråtveit	properNoun	nor
Esben	properNoun	swe	Esben	properNoun	nor
Fyllingsdalen	properNoun	swe	Fyllingsdalen	properNoun	nor
Anatolia	properNoun	swe	Anatolia	properNoun	nor
Heitmann	properNoun	swe	Heitmann	properNoun	nor
Iinatti	properNoun	swe	Iinatti	properNoun	nor
Sigvart	properNoun	swe	Sigvart	properNoun	nor
Sálmmo	properNoun	swe	Sálmmo	properNoun	nor
Stålesen	properNoun	swe	Stålesen	properNoun	nor
Ojamaa	properNoun	swe	Ojamaa	properNoun	nor
Moltzau	properNoun	swe	Moltzau	properNoun	nor
Gudleif	properNoun	swe	Gudleif	properNoun	nor
Frithjof	properNoun	swe	Frithjof	properNoun	nor
Stephanie	properNoun	swe	Stephanie	properNoun	nor
Sonia	properNoun	swe	Sonia	properNoun	nor
Perea	properNoun	swe	Perea	properNoun	nor
Ande	properNoun	swe	Ande	properNoun	nor
Ndaskoi	properNoun	swe	Ndaskoi	properNoun	nor
Dánelgohppi	properNoun	swe	Dánelgohppi	properNoun	nor
Ugur	properNoun	swe	Ugur	properNoun	nor
Nordgaard	properNoun	swe	Nordgaard	properNoun	nor
Matson	properNoun	swe	Matson	properNoun	nor
Voss	properNoun	swe	Voss	properNoun	nor
Vuollevuohpenjárga	properNoun	swe	Vuollevuohpenjárga	properNoun	nor
Gavppi	properNoun	swe	Gavppi	properNoun	nor
Jalam	properNoun	swe	Jalam	properNoun	nor
Pete	properNoun	swe	Pete	properNoun	nor
Bentson	properNoun	swe	Bentson	properNoun	nor
Sorvisto	properNoun	swe	Sorvisto	properNoun	nor
Barrier	properNoun	swe	Barrier	properNoun	nor
Søgne	properNoun	swe	Søgne	properNoun	nor
Fruhler	properNoun	swe	Fruhler	properNoun	nor
Anatolij	properNoun	swe	Anatolij	properNoun	nor
Kääriäinen	properNoun	swe	Kääriäinen	properNoun	nor
Suvinen	properNoun	swe	Suvinen	properNoun	nor
Viktil	properNoun	swe	Viktil	properNoun	nor
Clinton	properNoun	swe	Clinton	properNoun	nor
Sinai	properNoun	swe	Sinai	properNoun	nor
Bjørnerud	properNoun	swe	Bjørnerud	properNoun	nor
Akselsen	properNoun	swe	Akselsen	properNoun	nor
Kalliola	properNoun	swe	Kalliola	properNoun	nor
Ando	properNoun	swe	Ando	properNoun	nor
Tunhovd	properNoun	swe	Tunhovd	properNoun	nor
Freiburg	properNoun	swe	Freiburg	properNoun	nor
Sandstrøm	properNoun	swe	Sandstrøm	properNoun	nor
Erichson	properNoun	swe	Erichson	properNoun	nor
Innset	properNoun	swe	Innset	properNoun	nor
Gjettum	properNoun	swe	Gjettum	properNoun	nor
Timoteus	properNoun	swe	Timoteus	properNoun	nor
Simson	properNoun	swe	Simson	properNoun	nor
Delaware	properNoun	swe	Delaware	properNoun	nor
Riihinen	properNoun	swe	Riihinen	properNoun	nor
Pskov	properNoun	swe	Pskov	properNoun	nor
Daleng	properNoun	swe	Daleng	properNoun	nor
Helgessen	properNoun	swe	Helgessen	properNoun	nor
Pöllönen	properNoun	swe	Pöllönen	properNoun	nor
Petr	properNoun	swe	Petr	properNoun	nor
Sunná	properNoun	swe	Sunná	properNoun	nor
Jahnson	properNoun	swe	Jahnson	properNoun	nor
Palismaa	properNoun	swe	Palismaa	properNoun	nor
Oanes	properNoun	swe	Oanes	properNoun	nor
Luik	properNoun	swe	Luik	properNoun	nor
Peđar-Hánsa	properNoun	swe	Peđar-Hánsa	properNoun	nor
Peres	properNoun	swe	Peres	properNoun	nor
Business	properNoun	swe	Business	properNoun	nor
Haugum	properNoun	swe	Haugum	properNoun	nor
Puoliväli	properNoun	swe	Puoliväli	properNoun	nor
Otto-automahta	properNoun	swe	Otto-automahta	properNoun	nor
Arole	properNoun	swe	Arole	properNoun	nor
Andy	properNoun	swe	Andy	properNoun	nor
Antigua	properNoun	swe	Antigua	properNoun	nor
Stenbæk	properNoun	swe	Stenbæk	properNoun	nor
Leppihalme	properNoun	swe	Leppihalme	properNoun	nor
Bommestad	properNoun	swe	Bommestad	properNoun	nor
Niagara	properNoun	swe	Niagara	properNoun	nor
TV1	properNoun	swe	TV1	properNoun	nor
Alfrida	properNoun	swe	Alfrida	properNoun	nor
Ibestad	properNoun	swe	Ibestad	properNoun	nor
TV2	properNoun	swe	TV2	properNoun	nor
Valstad	properNoun	swe	Valstad	properNoun	nor
Paukku	properNoun	swe	Paukku	properNoun	nor
Haykås	properNoun	swe	Haykås	properNoun	nor
TV3	properNoun	swe	TV3	properNoun	nor
Wisth	properNoun	swe	Wisth	properNoun	nor
Angelsen	properNoun	swe	Angelsen	properNoun	nor
Bårdssen	properNoun	swe	Bårdssen	properNoun	nor
TV4	properNoun	swe	TV4	properNoun	nor
Helanen	properNoun	swe	Helanen	properNoun	nor
Luis	properNoun	swe	Luis	properNoun	nor
Thorgny	properNoun	swe	Thorgny	properNoun	nor
Fjeldheim	properNoun	swe	Fjeldheim	properNoun	nor
Aanstad	properNoun	swe	Aanstad	properNoun	nor
Bijáš	properNoun	swe	Bijáš	properNoun	nor
National	properNoun	swe	National	properNoun	nor
Aanonsson	properNoun	swe	Aanonsson	properNoun	nor
Lárin	properNoun	swe	Lárin	properNoun	nor
Welhaven	properNoun	swe	Welhaven	properNoun	nor
Gerhard	properNoun	swe	Gerhard	properNoun	nor
Heimo	properNoun	swe	Heimo	properNoun	nor
Ojajärvi	properNoun	swe	Ojajärvi	properNoun	nor
Sosipatros	properNoun	swe	Sosipatros	properNoun	nor
Stangnes	properNoun	swe	Stangnes	properNoun	nor
Vikernes	properNoun	swe	Vikernes	properNoun	nor
Hohti	properNoun	swe	Hohti	properNoun	nor
Pedersson	properNoun	swe	Pedersson	properNoun	nor
Walstad	properNoun	swe	Walstad	properNoun	nor
Aikioniemi	properNoun	swe	Aikioniemi	properNoun	nor
Dalbakk	properNoun	swe	Dalbakk	properNoun	nor
Rasputin	properNoun	swe	Rasputin	properNoun	nor
Ringdal	properNoun	swe	Ringdal	properNoun	nor
Junttevággi	properNoun	swe	Junttevággi	properNoun	nor
Tempte	properNoun	swe	Tempte	properNoun	nor
Viljar	properNoun	swe	Viljar	properNoun	nor
Iverson	properNoun	swe	Iverson	properNoun	nor
Niga	properNoun	swe	Niga	properNoun	nor
Abjatar	properNoun	swe	Abjatar	properNoun	nor
Maia	properNoun	swe	Maia	properNoun	nor
Virkkula	properNoun	swe	Virkkula	properNoun	nor
Loukasmäki	properNoun	swe	Loukasmäki	properNoun	nor
Honkaranta	properNoun	swe	Honkaranta	properNoun	nor
Evesti	properNoun	swe	Evesti	properNoun	nor
Lähteenkorva	properNoun	swe	Lähteenkorva	properNoun	nor
Leveng	properNoun	swe	Leveng	properNoun	nor
Hälikkä	properNoun	swe	Hälikkä	properNoun	nor
Lássevággi	properNoun	swe	Lássevággi	properNoun	nor
Rødven	properNoun	swe	Rødven	properNoun	nor
Kurikkala	properNoun	swe	Kurikkala	properNoun	nor
Hoëm	properNoun	swe	Hoëm	properNoun	nor
Urban	properNoun	swe	Urban	properNoun	nor
Samorg	properNoun	swe	Samorg	properNoun	nor
Mikalssen	properNoun	swe	Mikalssen	properNoun	nor
Peräsalo	properNoun	swe	Peräsalo	properNoun	nor
Aasheim	properNoun	swe	Aasheim	properNoun	nor
Veltson	properNoun	swe	Veltson	properNoun	nor
Vanhanen	properNoun	swe	Vanhanen	properNoun	nor
Henie	properNoun	swe	Henie	properNoun	nor
Zaikov	properNoun	swe	Zaikov	properNoun	nor
Veteläinen	properNoun	swe	Veteläinen	properNoun	nor
Panula	properNoun	swe	Panula	properNoun	nor
Soini	properNoun	swe	Soini	properNoun	nor
Ivvárluokta	properNoun	swe	Ivvárluokta	properNoun	nor
Latvakoski	properNoun	swe	Latvakoski	properNoun	nor
Matthias	properNoun	swe	Matthias	properNoun	nor
Antiokia	properNoun	swe	Antiokia	properNoun	nor
Naskali	properNoun	swe	Naskali	properNoun	nor
Skinnari	properNoun	swe	Skinnari	properNoun	nor
Kulhoff	properNoun	swe	Kulhoff	properNoun	nor
Main	properNoun	swe	Main	properNoun	nor
Nummedal	properNoun	swe	Nummedal	properNoun	nor
Montgomery	properNoun	swe	Montgomery	properNoun	nor
Coelius	properNoun	swe	Coelius	properNoun	nor
Nadia	properNoun	swe	Nadia	properNoun	nor
Savioja	properNoun	swe	Savioja	properNoun	nor
Lynum	properNoun	swe	Lynum	properNoun	nor
Filcher	properNoun	swe	Filcher	properNoun	nor
Rassa	properNoun	swe	Rassa	properNoun	nor
Leuch	properNoun	swe	Leuch	properNoun	nor
Valais	properNoun	swe	Valais	properNoun	nor
Toska	properNoun	swe	Toska	properNoun	nor
Skille	properNoun	swe	Skille	properNoun	nor
Håpnes	properNoun	swe	Håpnes	properNoun	nor
Ogne	properNoun	swe	Ogne	properNoun	nor
Kopstad	properNoun	swe	Kopstad	properNoun	nor
Steinbukken	properNoun	swe	Steinbukken	properNoun	nor
Jonninen	properNoun	swe	Jonninen	properNoun	nor
Blaser	properNoun	swe	Blaser	properNoun	nor
Gjørdis	properNoun	swe	Gjørdis	properNoun	nor
Suldal	properNoun	swe	Suldal	properNoun	nor
Willemstad	properNoun	swe	Willemstad	properNoun	nor
Pynttäri	properNoun	swe	Pynttäri	properNoun	nor
Vegvesenet	properNoun	swe	Vegvesenet	properNoun	nor
Gulsvik	properNoun	swe	Gulsvik	properNoun	nor
Farrow	properNoun	swe	Farrow	properNoun	nor
Gusttojeaggi	properNoun	swe	Gusttojeaggi	properNoun	nor
Korppi	properNoun	swe	Korppi	properNoun	nor
Barschel	properNoun	swe	Barschel	properNoun	nor
Askildsen	properNoun	swe	Askildsen	properNoun	nor
Mihkojávri	properNoun	swe	Mihkojávri	properNoun	nor
Intonen	properNoun	swe	Intonen	properNoun	nor
Gerais	properNoun	swe	Gerais	properNoun	nor
Kijev	properNoun	swe	Kijev	properNoun	nor
Arvola	properNoun	swe	Arvola	properNoun	nor
Polo	properNoun	swe	Polo	properNoun	nor
Padus	properNoun	swe	Padus	properNoun	nor
Karlstrøm	properNoun	swe	Karlstrøm	properNoun	nor
Erdahl	properNoun	swe	Erdahl	properNoun	nor
Sonja	properNoun	swe	Sonja	properNoun	nor
Kjeholt	properNoun	swe	Kjeholt	properNoun	nor
Justesen	properNoun	swe	Justesen	properNoun	nor
Turtiainen	properNoun	swe	Turtiainen	properNoun	nor
Tokerud	properNoun	swe	Tokerud	properNoun	nor
Steensnæs	properNoun	swe	Steensnæs	properNoun	nor
Syndergield	properNoun	swe	Syndergield	properNoun	nor
Fredeng	properNoun	swe	Fredeng	properNoun	nor
Nebraska	properNoun	swe	Nebraska	properNoun	nor
Parkkari	properNoun	swe	Parkkari	properNoun	nor
Jolkkonen	properNoun	swe	Jolkkonen	properNoun	nor
Fuad	properNoun	swe	Fuad	properNoun	nor
Syrrist	properNoun	swe	Syrrist	properNoun	nor
Hoppestad	properNoun	swe	Hoppestad	properNoun	nor
Guldbrandsen	properNoun	swe	Guldbrandsen	properNoun	nor
Elvine	properNoun	swe	Elvine	properNoun	nor
Nieuwejaar	properNoun	swe	Nieuwejaar	properNoun	nor
Lundhagen	properNoun	swe	Lundhagen	properNoun	nor
Håker	properNoun	swe	Håker	properNoun	nor
Blystadlia	properNoun	swe	Blystadlia	properNoun	nor
Hisøy	properNoun	swe	Hisøy	properNoun	nor
Handeland	properNoun	swe	Handeland	properNoun	nor
Arostobulos	properNoun	swe	Arostobulos	properNoun	nor
Skreppen	properNoun	swe	Skreppen	properNoun	nor
Akerhus	properNoun	swe	Akerhus	properNoun	nor
Østmarka	properNoun	swe	Østmarka	properNoun	nor
Vannbakk	properNoun	swe	Vannbakk	properNoun	nor
Tiili	properNoun	swe	Tiili	properNoun	nor
Dopping	properNoun	swe	Dopping	properNoun	nor
Benthe	properNoun	swe	Benthe	properNoun	nor
Paulson	properNoun	swe	Paulson	properNoun	nor
Turkkila	properNoun	swe	Turkkila	properNoun	nor
Sørvår	properNoun	swe	Sørvår	properNoun	nor
Deel	properNoun	swe	Deel	properNoun	nor
Pettersengáisá	properNoun	swe	Pettersengáisá	properNoun	nor
Dumas	properNoun	swe	Dumas	properNoun	nor
Aner	properNoun	swe	Aner	properNoun	nor
Roe	properNoun	swe	Roe	properNoun	nor
Jorvik	properNoun	swe	Jorvik	properNoun	nor
Rog	properNoun	swe	Rog	properNoun	nor
Nykvist	properNoun	swe	Nykvist	properNoun	nor
Veienmoen	properNoun	swe	Veienmoen	properNoun	nor
Hilfling-Rasmussen	properNoun	swe	Hilfling-Rasmussen	properNoun	nor
Deer	properNoun	swe	Deer	properNoun	nor
Roi	properNoun	swe	Roi	properNoun	nor
Duommá	properNoun	swe	Duommá	properNoun	nor
Siuruainen	properNoun	swe	Siuruainen	properNoun	nor
Khost	properNoun	swe	Khost	properNoun	nor
Jemt	properNoun	swe	Jemt	properNoun	nor
Hasvåg	properNoun	swe	Hasvåg	properNoun	nor
Margoth	properNoun	swe	Margoth	properNoun	nor
Befring	properNoun	swe	Befring	properNoun	nor
Akkila	properNoun	swe	Akkila	properNoun	nor
Ditlef	properNoun	swe	Ditlef	properNoun	nor
Jayne	properNoun	swe	Jayne	properNoun	nor
Malta	properNoun	swe	Malta	properNoun	nor
Nairobi	properNoun	swe	Nairobi	properNoun	nor
Heine	properNoun	swe	Heine	properNoun	nor
VG Nett	properNoun	swe	VG Nett	properNoun	nor
Winter	properNoun	swe	Winter	properNoun	nor
Kummen	properNoun	swe	Kummen	properNoun	nor
Grosjean	properNoun	swe	Grosjean	properNoun	nor
Dudinova	properNoun	swe	Dudinova	properNoun	nor
Solfrid	properNoun	swe	Solfrid	properNoun	nor
Nicolaisen	properNoun	swe	Nicolaisen	properNoun	nor
Odinsdotter	properNoun	swe	Odinsdotter	properNoun	nor
Gulowsen	properNoun	swe	Gulowsen	properNoun	nor
Ron	properNoun	swe	Ron	properNoun	nor
Jeltsin	properNoun	swe	Jeltsin	properNoun	nor
Helgheim	properNoun	swe	Helgheim	properNoun	nor
Pohjasjeakkejogaš	properNoun	swe	Pohjasjeakkejogaš	properNoun	nor
Kitunen	properNoun	swe	Kitunen	properNoun	nor
Tor-Gunnar	properNoun	swe	Tor-Gunnar	properNoun	nor
Máhtejohka	properNoun	swe	Máhtejohka	properNoun	nor
Heini	properNoun	swe	Heini	properNoun	nor
Wieser	properNoun	swe	Wieser	properNoun	nor
Pärkkä	properNoun	swe	Pärkkä	properNoun	nor
Reading	properNoun	swe	Reading	properNoun	nor
Tulppo	properNoun	swe	Tulppo	properNoun	nor
Tomuschat	properNoun	swe	Tomuschat	properNoun	nor
Sverker	properNoun	swe	Sverker	properNoun	nor
Asaf	properNoun	swe	Asaf	properNoun	nor
Griffenfeld	properNoun	swe	Griffenfeld	properNoun	nor
Gorter	properNoun	swe	Gorter	properNoun	nor
Heino	properNoun	swe	Heino	properNoun	nor
Ben-Ammi	properNoun	swe	Ben-Ammi	properNoun	nor
Wiken	properNoun	swe	Wiken	properNoun	nor
Waldheim	properNoun	swe	Waldheim	properNoun	nor
Myklevold	properNoun	swe	Myklevold	properNoun	nor
Sipola	properNoun	swe	Sipola	properNoun	nor
Guvsám	properNoun	swe	Guvsám	properNoun	nor
Roy	properNoun	swe	Roy	properNoun	nor
Saara	properNoun	swe	Saara	properNoun	nor
Bangstad	properNoun	swe	Bangstad	properNoun	nor
Backer	properNoun	swe	Backer	properNoun	nor
Ditlev	properNoun	swe	Ditlev	properNoun	nor
Pöytälaakso	properNoun	swe	Pöytälaakso	properNoun	nor
Aasbø	properNoun	swe	Aasbø	properNoun	nor
Sara	properNoun	swe	Sara	properNoun	nor
Dalhaug	properNoun	swe	Dalhaug	properNoun	nor
Maja	properNoun	swe	Maja	properNoun	nor
Yazd	properNoun	swe	Yazd	properNoun	nor
Wirtanen	properNoun	swe	Wirtanen	properNoun	nor
Myklevoll	properNoun	swe	Myklevoll	properNoun	nor
Juola	properNoun	swe	Juola	properNoun	nor
Ferløv	properNoun	swe	Ferløv	properNoun	nor
Bulbeck	properNoun	swe	Bulbeck	properNoun	nor
Heikkiarmas	properNoun	swe	Heikkiarmas	properNoun	nor
Ommundssen	properNoun	swe	Ommundssen	properNoun	nor
Sundoaivi	properNoun	swe	Sundoaivi	properNoun	nor
Saari	properNoun	swe	Saari	properNoun	nor
L'Ordre	properNoun	swe	L'Ordre	properNoun	nor
Kastinen	properNoun	swe	Kastinen	properNoun	nor
Heinz	properNoun	swe	Heinz	properNoun	nor
Svolvær	properNoun	swe	Svolvær	properNoun	nor
Tuomenoja	properNoun	swe	Tuomenoja	properNoun	nor
Årøya	properNoun	swe	Årøya	properNoun	nor
Ohnstad	properNoun	swe	Ohnstad	properNoun	nor
Faso	properNoun	swe	Faso	properNoun	nor
Andopsnes	properNoun	swe	Andopsnes	properNoun	nor
Kefevs	properNoun	swe	Kefevs	properNoun	nor
Gunná	properNoun	swe	Gunná	properNoun	nor
Sari	properNoun	swe	Sari	properNoun	nor
Koistinen	properNoun	swe	Koistinen	properNoun	nor
Ustinov	properNoun	swe	Ustinov	properNoun	nor
Sark	properNoun	swe	Sark	properNoun	nor
Pfeiff	properNoun	swe	Pfeiff	properNoun	nor
Kesseli	properNoun	swe	Kesseli	properNoun	nor
Tuuliainen	properNoun	swe	Tuuliainen	properNoun	nor
Dergačeva	properNoun	swe	Dergačeva	properNoun	nor
Mossad	properNoun	swe	Mossad	properNoun	nor
Israelsson	properNoun	swe	Israelsson	properNoun	nor
Märtha	properNoun	swe	Märtha	properNoun	nor
Zahl	properNoun	swe	Zahl	properNoun	nor
Ahvenlampi	properNoun	swe	Ahvenlampi	properNoun	nor
Sjøvegan	properNoun	swe	Sjøvegan	properNoun	nor
Klaussen	properNoun	swe	Klaussen	properNoun	nor
Olthuis	properNoun	swe	Olthuis	properNoun	nor
Iowa	properNoun	swe	Iowa	properNoun	nor
Bergman	properNoun	swe	Bergman	properNoun	nor
Berntssen	properNoun	swe	Berntssen	properNoun	nor
Rikkinen	properNoun	swe	Rikkinen	properNoun	nor
Krane	properNoun	swe	Krane	properNoun	nor
Målselv	properNoun	swe	Målselv	properNoun	nor
Romatraktaten	properNoun	swe	Romatraktaten	properNoun	nor
Eda	properNoun	swe	Eda	properNoun	nor
Ullestad	properNoun	swe	Ullestad	properNoun	nor
Rones	properNoun	swe	Rones	properNoun	nor
Molise	properNoun	swe	Molise	properNoun	nor
Mickel	properNoun	swe	Mickel	properNoun	nor
Ylhäinen	properNoun	swe	Ylhäinen	properNoun	nor
Simpanen	properNoun	swe	Simpanen	properNoun	nor
Sværholt	properNoun	swe	Sværholt	properNoun	nor
Fjørstad	properNoun	swe	Fjørstad	properNoun	nor
Maikola	properNoun	swe	Maikola	properNoun	nor
Lilleberg	properNoun	swe	Lilleberg	properNoun	nor
Fiume	properNoun	swe	Fiume	properNoun	nor
Dávvet	properNoun	swe	Dávvet	properNoun	nor
Skovly	properNoun	swe	Skovly	properNoun	nor
Akvilas	properNoun	swe	Akvilas	properNoun	nor
Irish	properNoun	swe	Irish	properNoun	nor
Gájáš	properNoun	swe	Gájáš	properNoun	nor
Cook	properNoun	swe	Cook	properNoun	nor
Tuittu	properNoun	swe	Tuittu	properNoun	nor
Porsanger	properNoun	swe	Porsanger	properNoun	nor
Virrankoski	properNoun	swe	Virrankoski	properNoun	nor
Seppinen	properNoun	swe	Seppinen	properNoun	nor
Valdemar	properNoun	swe	Valdemar	properNoun	nor
Saimaa	properNoun	swe	Saimaa	properNoun	nor
Joel	properNoun	swe	Joel	properNoun	nor
Tammela	properNoun	swe	Tammela	properNoun	nor
Kosamo	properNoun	swe	Kosamo	properNoun	nor
Edvardsen	properNoun	swe	Edvardsen	properNoun	nor
Dørum	properNoun	swe	Dørum	properNoun	nor
Blanche	properNoun	swe	Blanche	properNoun	nor
Mickey	properNoun	swe	Mickey	properNoun	nor
Creditbank	properNoun	swe	Creditbank	properNoun	nor
Sønnichsen	properNoun	swe	Sønnichsen	properNoun	nor
Pilsen	properNoun	swe	Pilsen	properNoun	nor
Juliusson	properNoun	swe	Juliusson	properNoun	nor
Perge	properNoun	swe	Perge	properNoun	nor
Rosita	properNoun	swe	Rosita	properNoun	nor
Sleipner	properNoun	swe	Sleipner	properNoun	nor
Larsen	properNoun	swe	Larsen	properNoun	nor
Granberg	properNoun	swe	Granberg	properNoun	nor
Jomfruland	properNoun	swe	Jomfruland	properNoun	nor
Stephanius	properNoun	swe	Stephanius	properNoun	nor
Iversdatter	properNoun	swe	Iversdatter	properNoun	nor
Sleipnes	properNoun	swe	Sleipnes	properNoun	nor
Bikkeluoppal	properNoun	swe	Bikkeluoppal	properNoun	nor
Väliheikki	properNoun	swe	Väliheikki	properNoun	nor
Vaahtera	properNoun	swe	Vaahtera	properNoun	nor
Paunonen	properNoun	swe	Paunonen	properNoun	nor
Marcus	properNoun	swe	Marcus	properNoun	nor
Danielson	properNoun	swe	Danielson	properNoun	nor
Tanner	properNoun	swe	Tanner	properNoun	nor
Roland	properNoun	swe	Roland	properNoun	nor
Høydahl	properNoun	swe	Høydahl	properNoun	nor
Aslakson	properNoun	swe	Aslakson	properNoun	nor
Viinikainen	properNoun	swe	Viinikainen	properNoun	nor
Kaivonen	properNoun	swe	Kaivonen	properNoun	nor
Bánnos	properNoun	swe	Bánnos	properNoun	nor
Njåstad	properNoun	swe	Njåstad	properNoun	nor
Mogen	properNoun	swe	Mogen	properNoun	nor
Kölhi	properNoun	swe	Kölhi	properNoun	nor
Ruse	properNoun	swe	Ruse	properNoun	nor
Setesdalsheiene	properNoun	swe	Setesdalsheiene	properNoun	nor
Bengalbukta	properNoun	swe	Bengalbukta	properNoun	nor
Kviting	properNoun	swe	Kviting	properNoun	nor
Backe	properNoun	swe	Backe	properNoun	nor
The Who	properNoun	swe	The Who	properNoun	nor
Bråthen	properNoun	swe	Bråthen	properNoun	nor
Rusi	properNoun	swe	Rusi	properNoun	nor
Borelli	properNoun	swe	Borelli	properNoun	nor
Lempinen	properNoun	swe	Lempinen	properNoun	nor
Leinikka	properNoun	swe	Leinikka	properNoun	nor
Kurittu	properNoun	swe	Kurittu	properNoun	nor
Chomutov	properNoun	swe	Chomutov	properNoun	nor
Ommundson	properNoun	swe	Ommundson	properNoun	nor
Goethe	properNoun	swe	Goethe	properNoun	nor
Jens	properNoun	swe	Jens	properNoun	nor
Berentsson	properNoun	swe	Berentsson	properNoun	nor
Bertelssen	properNoun	swe	Bertelssen	properNoun	nor
Sarajärvi	properNoun	swe	Sarajärvi	properNoun	nor
Nærsnes	properNoun	swe	Nærsnes	properNoun	nor
Isebakke	properNoun	swe	Isebakke	properNoun	nor
Hereid	properNoun	swe	Hereid	properNoun	nor
Ann-Bjørg	properNoun	swe	Ann-Bjørg	properNoun	nor
Dylan	properNoun	swe	Dylan	properNoun	nor
Faruk	properNoun	swe	Faruk	properNoun	nor
Capell	properNoun	swe	Capell	properNoun	nor
Førland	properNoun	swe	Førland	properNoun	nor
Eliasgárggu	properNoun	swe	Eliasgárggu	properNoun	nor
Untinen	properNoun	swe	Untinen	properNoun	nor
Luomanen	properNoun	swe	Luomanen	properNoun	nor
Farum	properNoun	swe	Farum	properNoun	nor
Halifax	properNoun	swe	Halifax	properNoun	nor
Salojärvi	properNoun	swe	Salojärvi	properNoun	nor
Lokvam	properNoun	swe	Lokvam	properNoun	nor
Korpivaara	properNoun	swe	Korpivaara	properNoun	nor
Heilala	properNoun	swe	Heilala	properNoun	nor
Degerfors	properNoun	swe	Degerfors	properNoun	nor
Hurum	properNoun	swe	Hurum	properNoun	nor
Rust	properNoun	swe	Rust	properNoun	nor
Haarala	properNoun	swe	Haarala	properNoun	nor
Tjelle	properNoun	swe	Tjelle	properNoun	nor
Skogstad	properNoun	swe	Skogstad	properNoun	nor
Krosshamn	properNoun	swe	Krosshamn	properNoun	nor
Sorola	properNoun	swe	Sorola	properNoun	nor
Mansikka	properNoun	swe	Mansikka	properNoun	nor
Larkollen	properNoun	swe	Larkollen	properNoun	nor
Zürich	properNoun	swe	Zürich	properNoun	nor
Moberg	properNoun	swe	Moberg	properNoun	nor
Tuominiemi	properNoun	swe	Tuominiemi	properNoun	nor
Haanes	properNoun	swe	Haanes	properNoun	nor
Coward	properNoun	swe	Coward	properNoun	nor
Chung	properNoun	swe	Chung	properNoun	nor
Sovjetunionen	properNoun	swe	Sovjetunionen	properNoun	nor
Päätalo	properNoun	swe	Päätalo	properNoun	nor
Egeli	properNoun	swe	Egeli	properNoun	nor
Essonnes	properNoun	swe	Essonnes	properNoun	nor
Raudeberg	properNoun	swe	Raudeberg	properNoun	nor
Kongslew	properNoun	swe	Kongslew	properNoun	nor
Skjelbred	properNoun	swe	Skjelbred	properNoun	nor
Vuolanjunnásgáisá	properNoun	swe	Vuolanjunnásgáisá	properNoun	nor
Ilmanen	properNoun	swe	Ilmanen	properNoun	nor
Solør	properNoun	swe	Solør	properNoun	nor
Peippo	properNoun	swe	Peippo	properNoun	nor
Herbjørg	properNoun	swe	Herbjørg	properNoun	nor
Klaveness	properNoun	swe	Klaveness	properNoun	nor
Vest-Agder	properNoun	swe	Vest-Agder	properNoun	nor
Puolakanaho	properNoun	swe	Puolakanaho	properNoun	nor
Rávnnánjárga	properNoun	swe	Rávnnánjárga	properNoun	nor
Pynnönen	properNoun	swe	Pynnönen	properNoun	nor
Piirainen	properNoun	swe	Piirainen	properNoun	nor
Nurmesniemi	properNoun	swe	Nurmesniemi	properNoun	nor
Trænabanken	properNoun	swe	Trænabanken	properNoun	nor
Yngvar	properNoun	swe	Yngvar	properNoun	nor
Iskariot	properNoun	swe	Iskariot	properNoun	nor
Merete	properNoun	swe	Merete	properNoun	nor
Isebel	properNoun	swe	Isebel	properNoun	nor
Helgesen	properNoun	swe	Helgesen	properNoun	nor
Runne	properNoun	swe	Runne	properNoun	nor
Utzon	properNoun	swe	Utzon	properNoun	nor
Herbjørn	properNoun	swe	Herbjørn	properNoun	nor
Ericka	properNoun	swe	Ericka	properNoun	nor
Vilokkinen	properNoun	swe	Vilokkinen	properNoun	nor
Nelleman	properNoun	swe	Nelleman	properNoun	nor
Boleslav	properNoun	swe	Boleslav	properNoun	nor
Vindafjord	properNoun	swe	Vindafjord	properNoun	nor
Vinmonopolet	properNoun	swe	Vinmonopolet	properNoun	nor
Kintel	properNoun	swe	Kintel	properNoun	nor
Soltveit	properNoun	swe	Soltveit	properNoun	nor
Ropeid	properNoun	swe	Ropeid	properNoun	nor
Ollitervo	properNoun	swe	Ollitervo	properNoun	nor
Lavikainen	properNoun	swe	Lavikainen	properNoun	nor
Kilponen	properNoun	swe	Kilponen	properNoun	nor
Haugstad	properNoun	swe	Haugstad	properNoun	nor
Ylösmäki	properNoun	swe	Ylösmäki	properNoun	nor
Pohjanrinne	properNoun	swe	Pohjanrinne	properNoun	nor
Steigen	properNoun	swe	Steigen	properNoun	nor
Erdal	properNoun	swe	Erdal	properNoun	nor
Olgá	properNoun	swe	Olgá	properNoun	nor
Ruuska	properNoun	swe	Ruuska	properNoun	nor
Gulliksson	properNoun	swe	Gulliksson	properNoun	nor
Øystein	properNoun	swe	Øystein	properNoun	nor
Syrjänen	properNoun	swe	Syrjänen	properNoun	nor
Kristiansand	properNoun	swe	Kristiansand	properNoun	nor
Kotila	properNoun	swe	Kotila	properNoun	nor
Ellis	properNoun	swe	Ellis	properNoun	nor
Botswana	properNoun	swe	Botswana	properNoun	nor
Marainen	properNoun	swe	Marainen	properNoun	nor
Geija	properNoun	swe	Geija	properNoun	nor
Nidarosdomen	properNoun	swe	Nidarosdomen	properNoun	nor
Geysir	properNoun	swe	Geysir	properNoun	nor
Røren	properNoun	swe	Røren	properNoun	nor
Loikas	properNoun	swe	Loikas	properNoun	nor
Cumbernauld	properNoun	swe	Cumbernauld	properNoun	nor
Benoni	properNoun	swe	Benoni	properNoun	nor
Savannah	properNoun	swe	Savannah	properNoun	nor
Roncen-Nihká	properNoun	swe	Roncen-Nihká	properNoun	nor
Ridge	properNoun	swe	Ridge	properNoun	nor
Oddfrid	properNoun	swe	Oddfrid	properNoun	nor
Wiggen	properNoun	swe	Wiggen	properNoun	nor
Eeg	properNoun	swe	Eeg	properNoun	nor
NTNF	properNoun	swe	NTNF	properNoun	nor
Løvli	properNoun	swe	Løvli	properNoun	nor
L'Orsa	properNoun	swe	L'Orsa	properNoun	nor
Sægrov	properNoun	swe	Sægrov	properNoun	nor
Røhne	properNoun	swe	Røhne	properNoun	nor
Montserrat	properNoun	swe	Montserrat	properNoun	nor
Sunnhordland	properNoun	swe	Sunnhordland	properNoun	nor
Wexelsen	properNoun	swe	Wexelsen	properNoun	nor
Lemetyinen	properNoun	swe	Lemetyinen	properNoun	nor
Eek	properNoun	swe	Eek	properNoun	nor
Wandsbek	properNoun	swe	Wandsbek	properNoun	nor
Qazvin	properNoun	swe	Qazvin	properNoun	nor
Lásseroavvi	properNoun	swe	Lásseroavvi	properNoun	nor
Davidssen	properNoun	swe	Davidssen	properNoun	nor
Gundersson	properNoun	swe	Gundersson	properNoun	nor
Linaae	properNoun	swe	Linaae	properNoun	nor
Takamaa	properNoun	swe	Takamaa	properNoun	nor
Uppland	properNoun	swe	Uppland	properNoun	nor
Kløvstad	properNoun	swe	Kløvstad	properNoun	nor
Ábojohka	properNoun	swe	Ábojohka	properNoun	nor
Rakel	properNoun	swe	Rakel	properNoun	nor
Byglandsfjord	properNoun	swe	Byglandsfjord	properNoun	nor
Kuosa	properNoun	swe	Kuosa	properNoun	nor
Lávrrejohka	properNoun	swe	Lávrrejohka	properNoun	nor
Rodos	properNoun	swe	Rodos	properNoun	nor
Hermansverk	properNoun	swe	Hermansverk	properNoun	nor
Hvalstad	properNoun	swe	Hvalstad	properNoun	nor
Pons	properNoun	swe	Pons	properNoun	nor
Gjerde	properNoun	swe	Gjerde	properNoun	nor
Bertheus	properNoun	swe	Bertheus	properNoun	nor
José	properNoun	swe	José	properNoun	nor
Vikan	properNoun	swe	Vikan	properNoun	nor
Tiina	properNoun	swe	Tiina	properNoun	nor
Langerud	properNoun	swe	Langerud	properNoun	nor
Jesse	properNoun	swe	Jesse	properNoun	nor
Ravndal	properNoun	swe	Ravndal	properNoun	nor
Abrahamson	properNoun	swe	Abrahamson	properNoun	nor
Yrvin	properNoun	swe	Yrvin	properNoun	nor
Scholander	properNoun	swe	Scholander	properNoun	nor
Brumunddal	properNoun	swe	Brumunddal	properNoun	nor
Prøysen	properNoun	swe	Prøysen	properNoun	nor
Tyrannos	properNoun	swe	Tyrannos	properNoun	nor
Fredrikke	properNoun	swe	Fredrikke	properNoun	nor
Førde	properNoun	swe	Førde	properNoun	nor
Stevns	properNoun	swe	Stevns	properNoun	nor
Hefaistos	properNoun	swe	Hefaistos	properNoun	nor
Ørskog	properNoun	swe	Ørskog	properNoun	nor
Størvold	properNoun	swe	Størvold	properNoun	nor
Jotam	properNoun	swe	Jotam	properNoun	nor
Gulbrand	properNoun	swe	Gulbrand	properNoun	nor
Skanderbeg	properNoun	swe	Skanderbeg	properNoun	nor
Perho	properNoun	swe	Perho	properNoun	nor
Ruth	properNoun	swe	Ruth	properNoun	nor
Bindal	properNoun	swe	Bindal	properNoun	nor
Johannson	properNoun	swe	Johannson	properNoun	nor
League	properNoun	swe	League	properNoun	nor
Toivo	properNoun	swe	Toivo	properNoun	nor
Olle	properNoun	swe	Olle	properNoun	nor
François	properNoun	swe	François	properNoun	nor
Hánssavárri	properNoun	swe	Hánssavárri	properNoun	nor
Klosters	properNoun	swe	Klosters	properNoun	nor
Horne	properNoun	swe	Horne	properNoun	nor
Väätämöinen	properNoun	swe	Väätämöinen	properNoun	nor
Louhela	properNoun	swe	Louhela	properNoun	nor
Ekstrøm	properNoun	swe	Ekstrøm	properNoun	nor
Sakka	properNoun	swe	Sakka	properNoun	nor
Aremark	properNoun	swe	Aremark	properNoun	nor
Olli	properNoun	swe	Olli	properNoun	nor
Belbo	properNoun	swe	Belbo	properNoun	nor
Sauna-aho	properNoun	swe	Sauna-aho	properNoun	nor
Ingar	properNoun	swe	Ingar	properNoun	nor
Povlsen	properNoun	swe	Povlsen	properNoun	nor
Sakke	properNoun	swe	Sakke	properNoun	nor
Colorado	properNoun	swe	Colorado	properNoun	nor
Berthel	properNoun	swe	Berthel	properNoun	nor
Hanuman	properNoun	swe	Hanuman	properNoun	nor
Belfast	properNoun	swe	Belfast	properNoun	nor
Gádjájohka	properNoun	swe	Gádjájohka	properNoun	nor
Kontinen	properNoun	swe	Kontinen	properNoun	nor
Everson	properNoun	swe	Everson	properNoun	nor
Jan	properNoun	swe	Jan	properNoun	nor
Steinholdt	properNoun	swe	Steinholdt	properNoun	nor
Sakki	properNoun	swe	Sakki	properNoun	nor
Mákkájávri	properNoun	swe	Mákkájávri	properNoun	nor
Metsola	properNoun	swe	Metsola	properNoun	nor
Hæstad	properNoun	swe	Hæstad	properNoun	nor
Gustavsson	properNoun	swe	Gustavsson	properNoun	nor
Ascona	properNoun	swe	Ascona	properNoun	nor
Kantonen	properNoun	swe	Kantonen	properNoun	nor
Beckmann	properNoun	swe	Beckmann	properNoun	nor
Tafjord	properNoun	swe	Tafjord	properNoun	nor
Kylstad	properNoun	swe	Kylstad	properNoun	nor
Bjørnslett	properNoun	swe	Bjørnslett	properNoun	nor
Jar	properNoun	swe	Jar	properNoun	nor
Bukier	properNoun	swe	Bukier	properNoun	nor
Bjærum	properNoun	swe	Bjærum	properNoun	nor
Ervik	properNoun	swe	Ervik	properNoun	nor
Máriá	properNoun	swe	Máriá	properNoun	nor
Grønvold	properNoun	swe	Grønvold	properNoun	nor
Sakko	properNoun	swe	Sakko	properNoun	nor
Ainon	properNoun	swe	Ainon	properNoun	nor
Frich	properNoun	swe	Frich	properNoun	nor
Børresen	properNoun	swe	Børresen	properNoun	nor
Års	properNoun	swe	Års	properNoun	nor
Miaš	properNoun	swe	Miaš	properNoun	nor
Dodrynina	properNoun	swe	Dodrynina	properNoun	nor
Bloomfield	properNoun	swe	Bloomfield	properNoun	nor
Esekiel	properNoun	swe	Esekiel	properNoun	nor
Uchermann	properNoun	swe	Uchermann	properNoun	nor
Hietarinta	properNoun	swe	Hietarinta	properNoun	nor
Sallamaa	properNoun	swe	Sallamaa	properNoun	nor
Pentikäinen	properNoun	swe	Pentikäinen	properNoun	nor
Tre-Ole	properNoun	swe	Tre-Ole	properNoun	nor
Eriesjøen	properNoun	swe	Eriesjøen	properNoun	nor
Richard	properNoun	swe	Richard	properNoun	nor
Kangassalo	properNoun	swe	Kangassalo	properNoun	nor
Elvar	properNoun	swe	Elvar	properNoun	nor
Iŋger	properNoun	swe	Iŋger	properNoun	nor
Bjørgunn	properNoun	swe	Bjørgunn	properNoun	nor
Aila	properNoun	swe	Aila	properNoun	nor
Grønvoll	properNoun	swe	Grønvoll	properNoun	nor
Nikoline	properNoun	swe	Nikoline	properNoun	nor
Krim	properNoun	swe	Krim	properNoun	nor
Kuoppala	properNoun	swe	Kuoppala	properNoun	nor
Hvitstein	properNoun	swe	Hvitstein	properNoun	nor
Sogn og Fjordane	properNoun	swe	Sogn og Fjordane	properNoun	nor
Constance	properNoun	swe	Constance	properNoun	nor
Isosomppi	properNoun	swe	Isosomppi	properNoun	nor
Aile	properNoun	swe	Aile	properNoun	nor
Danzig	properNoun	swe	Danzig	properNoun	nor
Nordenfjeldske	properNoun	swe	Nordenfjeldske	properNoun	nor
Slettli	properNoun	swe	Slettli	properNoun	nor
Schaffhausen	properNoun	swe	Schaffhausen	properNoun	nor
Feyring	properNoun	swe	Feyring	properNoun	nor
Rystad	properNoun	swe	Rystad	properNoun	nor
Remscheid	properNoun	swe	Remscheid	properNoun	nor
Puttonen	properNoun	swe	Puttonen	properNoun	nor
Käki	properNoun	swe	Käki	properNoun	nor
Lemetaš-Piera	properNoun	swe	Lemetaš-Piera	properNoun	nor
Christianson	properNoun	swe	Christianson	properNoun	nor
Tiri	properNoun	swe	Tiri	properNoun	nor
Madetoja	properNoun	swe	Madetoja	properNoun	nor
Harpenden	properNoun	swe	Harpenden	properNoun	nor
Aili	properNoun	swe	Aili	properNoun	nor
Polmak	properNoun	swe	Polmak	properNoun	nor
Nicolayssen	properNoun	swe	Nicolayssen	properNoun	nor
Mali	properNoun	swe	Mali	properNoun	nor
Soleng	properNoun	swe	Soleng	properNoun	nor
Satola	properNoun	swe	Satola	properNoun	nor
Piipponen	properNoun	swe	Piipponen	properNoun	nor
Munnukka	properNoun	swe	Munnukka	properNoun	nor
Lääperi	properNoun	swe	Lääperi	properNoun	nor
Bjorvand	properNoun	swe	Bjorvand	properNoun	nor
Balkanfjella	properNoun	swe	Balkanfjella	properNoun	nor
Løvaas	properNoun	swe	Løvaas	properNoun	nor
Brüel	properNoun	swe	Brüel	properNoun	nor
Biggeskáidi	properNoun	swe	Biggeskáidi	properNoun	nor
Råstad	properNoun	swe	Råstad	properNoun	nor
Juvakka	properNoun	swe	Juvakka	properNoun	nor
Schreiner	properNoun	swe	Schreiner	properNoun	nor
Labradorstraumen	properNoun	swe	Labradorstraumen	properNoun	nor
Ivanovitsh	properNoun	swe	Ivanovitsh	properNoun	nor
Henneberg	properNoun	swe	Henneberg	properNoun	nor
Ailo	properNoun	swe	Ailo	properNoun	nor
Høiberg	properNoun	swe	Høiberg	properNoun	nor
Zevksis	properNoun	swe	Zevksis	properNoun	nor
Malo	properNoun	swe	Malo	properNoun	nor
Nagell	properNoun	swe	Nagell	properNoun	nor
Ivanovitsj	properNoun	swe	Ivanovitsj	properNoun	nor
Kauranen	properNoun	swe	Kauranen	properNoun	nor
Hjelle	properNoun	swe	Hjelle	properNoun	nor
Lukkaroinen	properNoun	swe	Lukkaroinen	properNoun	nor
Karhinen	properNoun	swe	Karhinen	properNoun	nor
Boulder	properNoun	swe	Boulder	properNoun	nor
Taraldssen	properNoun	swe	Taraldssen	properNoun	nor
Rimberg	properNoun	swe	Rimberg	properNoun	nor
Kuosmanen	properNoun	swe	Kuosmanen	properNoun	nor
Clarke	properNoun	swe	Clarke	properNoun	nor
BRD	properNoun	swe	BRD	properNoun	nor
Virolainen	properNoun	swe	Virolainen	properNoun	nor
Ailu	properNoun	swe	Ailu	properNoun	nor
Satu	properNoun	swe	Satu	properNoun	nor
Skyer	properNoun	swe	Skyer	properNoun	nor
Bieraš	properNoun	swe	Bieraš	properNoun	nor
Reetta	properNoun	swe	Reetta	properNoun	nor
Malu	properNoun	swe	Malu	properNoun	nor
Aanonson	properNoun	swe	Aanonson	properNoun	nor
Jensen	properNoun	swe	Jensen	properNoun	nor
Morken	properNoun	swe	Morken	properNoun	nor
Grenada	properNoun	swe	Grenada	properNoun	nor
Latin-Amerika	properNoun	swe	Latin-Amerika	properNoun	nor
Pilli	properNoun	swe	Pilli	properNoun	nor
Tor-Egil	properNoun	swe	Tor-Egil	properNoun	nor
Suopajärvi	properNoun	swe	Suopajärvi	properNoun	nor
Ahava	properNoun	swe	Ahava	properNoun	nor
Nancy	properNoun	swe	Nancy	properNoun	nor
Sandberg	properNoun	swe	Sandberg	properNoun	nor
Tikkala	properNoun	swe	Tikkala	properNoun	nor
Sinnes	properNoun	swe	Sinnes	properNoun	nor
Abakan	properNoun	swe	Abakan	properNoun	nor
Hoech	properNoun	swe	Hoech	properNoun	nor
Jakobsson	properNoun	swe	Jakobsson	properNoun	nor
Øst-Kasai	properNoun	swe	Øst-Kasai	properNoun	nor
Rissanen	properNoun	swe	Rissanen	properNoun	nor
Perttula	properNoun	swe	Perttula	properNoun	nor
Gording	properNoun	swe	Gording	properNoun	nor
Fraser	properNoun	swe	Fraser	properNoun	nor
Våer	properNoun	swe	Våer	properNoun	nor
Lauttamus	properNoun	swe	Lauttamus	properNoun	nor
Gullhaug	properNoun	swe	Gullhaug	properNoun	nor
Internet	properNoun	swe	Internet	properNoun	nor
Plateau	properNoun	swe	Plateau	properNoun	nor
Roksvåg	properNoun	swe	Roksvåg	properNoun	nor
Hackman	properNoun	swe	Hackman	properNoun	nor
Berthelsen	properNoun	swe	Berthelsen	properNoun	nor
Petterssen	properNoun	swe	Petterssen	properNoun	nor
Sundasullot	properNoun	swe	Sundasullot	properNoun	nor
Riskilä	properNoun	swe	Riskilä	properNoun	nor
Toriseva	properNoun	swe	Toriseva	properNoun	nor
Tisted	properNoun	swe	Tisted	properNoun	nor
Paski	properNoun	swe	Paski	properNoun	nor
Fedje	properNoun	swe	Fedje	properNoun	nor
Samaria	properNoun	swe	Samaria	properNoun	nor
Restad	properNoun	swe	Restad	properNoun	nor
Bruusgaard	properNoun	swe	Bruusgaard	properNoun	nor
Ešban	properNoun	swe	Ešban	properNoun	nor
Ånon	properNoun	swe	Ånon	properNoun	nor
Lerwick	properNoun	swe	Lerwick	properNoun	nor
Tjessem	properNoun	swe	Tjessem	properNoun	nor
Raudaskoski	properNoun	swe	Raudaskoski	properNoun	nor
Maaranen	properNoun	swe	Maaranen	properNoun	nor
Solgunn	properNoun	swe	Solgunn	properNoun	nor
Josefson	properNoun	swe	Josefson	properNoun	nor
Pennala	properNoun	swe	Pennala	properNoun	nor
Bruland	properNoun	swe	Bruland	properNoun	nor
Gunstein	properNoun	swe	Gunstein	properNoun	nor
Middlesborough	properNoun	swe	Middlesborough	properNoun	nor
Meløe	properNoun	swe	Meløe	properNoun	nor
Lampinen	properNoun	swe	Lampinen	properNoun	nor
Hofgaard	properNoun	swe	Hofgaard	properNoun	nor
Ruud	properNoun	swe	Ruud	properNoun	nor
Zarbell	properNoun	swe	Zarbell	properNoun	nor
Therkelsen	properNoun	swe	Therkelsen	properNoun	nor
Navaya	properNoun	swe	Navaya	properNoun	nor
Torikka-Gelencser	properNoun	swe	Torikka-Gelencser	properNoun	nor
Lancaster	properNoun	swe	Lancaster	properNoun	nor
Supperi	properNoun	swe	Supperi	properNoun	nor
Kjær	properNoun	swe	Kjær	properNoun	nor
Irvine	properNoun	swe	Irvine	properNoun	nor
Kjæs	properNoun	swe	Kjæs	properNoun	nor
Cozby	properNoun	swe	Cozby	properNoun	nor
Kalliope	properNoun	swe	Kalliope	properNoun	nor
Máregohppi	properNoun	swe	Máregohppi	properNoun	nor
Larsvik	properNoun	swe	Larsvik	properNoun	nor
Irving	properNoun	swe	Irving	properNoun	nor
Iidá	properNoun	swe	Iidá	properNoun	nor
Tiitola	properNoun	swe	Tiitola	properNoun	nor
Brantfjeld	properNoun	swe	Brantfjeld	properNoun	nor
Bautz	properNoun	swe	Bautz	properNoun	nor
Christoffersen	properNoun	swe	Christoffersen	properNoun	nor
Åsa	properNoun	swe	Åsa	properNoun	nor
Holtfodt	properNoun	swe	Holtfodt	properNoun	nor
Bondlid	properNoun	swe	Bondlid	properNoun	nor
Skattedirektoratet	properNoun	swe	Skattedirektoratet	properNoun	nor
Swansea	properNoun	swe	Swansea	properNoun	nor
Henrikson	properNoun	swe	Henrikson	properNoun	nor
Faaberg	properNoun	swe	Faaberg	properNoun	nor
Vuomajoki	properNoun	swe	Vuomajoki	properNoun	nor
Madagaskar	properNoun	swe	Madagaskar	properNoun	nor
Tuunanen	properNoun	swe	Tuunanen	properNoun	nor
Schanke	properNoun	swe	Schanke	properNoun	nor
Åse	properNoun	swe	Åse	properNoun	nor
Kyöstilä	properNoun	swe	Kyöstilä	properNoun	nor
Majorstua	properNoun	swe	Majorstua	properNoun	nor
Roigáivo	properNoun	swe	Roigáivo	properNoun	nor
Blom	properNoun	swe	Blom	properNoun	nor
Kuosma	properNoun	swe	Kuosma	properNoun	nor
Kyyriåinen	properNoun	swe	Kyyriåinen	properNoun	nor
Stanley	properNoun	swe	Stanley	properNoun	nor
Fossli	properNoun	swe	Fossli	properNoun	nor
Leifson	properNoun	swe	Leifson	properNoun	nor
Smuts	properNoun	swe	Smuts	properNoun	nor
Gregor	properNoun	swe	Gregor	properNoun	nor
Frida	properNoun	swe	Frida	properNoun	nor
Betsy	properNoun	swe	Betsy	properNoun	nor
Fjellhammer	properNoun	swe	Fjellhammer	properNoun	nor
Roukala	properNoun	swe	Roukala	properNoun	nor
Orkanger	properNoun	swe	Orkanger	properNoun	nor
Meløy	properNoun	swe	Meløy	properNoun	nor
Tennant	properNoun	swe	Tennant	properNoun	nor
Norema	properNoun	swe	Norema	properNoun	nor
Alarotu	properNoun	swe	Alarotu	properNoun	nor
René	properNoun	swe	René	properNoun	nor
Fride	properNoun	swe	Fride	properNoun	nor
Kotiniemi	properNoun	swe	Kotiniemi	properNoun	nor
Bávlos	properNoun	swe	Bávlos	properNoun	nor
Sichuan	properNoun	swe	Sichuan	properNoun	nor
Tanila	properNoun	swe	Tanila	properNoun	nor
Sorong	properNoun	swe	Sorong	properNoun	nor
Pingel	properNoun	swe	Pingel	properNoun	nor
Hyväri	properNoun	swe	Hyväri	properNoun	nor
Jordel	properNoun	swe	Jordel	properNoun	nor
Bessåker	properNoun	swe	Bessåker	properNoun	nor
Linköping	properNoun	swe	Linköping	properNoun	nor
Starum	properNoun	swe	Starum	properNoun	nor
Vihtonen	properNoun	swe	Vihtonen	properNoun	nor
Myyryläinen	properNoun	swe	Myyryläinen	properNoun	nor
Mutikainen	properNoun	swe	Mutikainen	properNoun	nor
Fasmer	properNoun	swe	Fasmer	properNoun	nor
Åss	properNoun	swe	Åss	properNoun	nor
Granvin	properNoun	swe	Granvin	properNoun	nor
Langhelle	properNoun	swe	Langhelle	properNoun	nor
Storstein	properNoun	swe	Storstein	properNoun	nor
Bahia	properNoun	swe	Bahia	properNoun	nor
Vuorelainen	properNoun	swe	Vuorelainen	properNoun	nor
Sæter	properNoun	swe	Sæter	properNoun	nor
Saua	properNoun	swe	Saua	properNoun	nor
Nergåd	properNoun	swe	Nergåd	properNoun	nor
Nigel	properNoun	swe	Nigel	properNoun	nor
Drangedal	properNoun	swe	Drangedal	properNoun	nor
Kolsås	properNoun	swe	Kolsås	properNoun	nor
Vesterfjeld	properNoun	swe	Vesterfjeld	properNoun	nor
Torkild	properNoun	swe	Torkild	properNoun	nor
Salgótarján	properNoun	swe	Salgótarján	properNoun	nor
Kekarainen	properNoun	swe	Kekarainen	properNoun	nor
Mágredá	properNoun	swe	Mágredá	properNoun	nor
Saue	properNoun	swe	Saue	properNoun	nor
Shetland	properNoun	swe	Shetland	properNoun	nor
Fauske	properNoun	swe	Fauske	properNoun	nor
Putaala	properNoun	swe	Putaala	properNoun	nor
Lierskogen	properNoun	swe	Lierskogen	properNoun	nor
Gambia	properNoun	swe	Gambia	properNoun	nor
Gdynia	properNoun	swe	Gdynia	properNoun	nor
Niger	properNoun	swe	Niger	properNoun	nor
Thesslund	properNoun	swe	Thesslund	properNoun	nor
Sognnes	properNoun	swe	Sognnes	properNoun	nor
Kolokoff	properNoun	swe	Kolokoff	properNoun	nor
Eidsvoll	properNoun	swe	Eidsvoll	properNoun	nor
Koutonen	properNoun	swe	Koutonen	properNoun	nor
Augsburg	properNoun	swe	Augsburg	properNoun	nor
Leirvåg	properNoun	swe	Leirvåg	properNoun	nor
Jaakonsaari	properNoun	swe	Jaakonsaari	properNoun	nor
Scleimann	properNoun	swe	Scleimann	properNoun	nor
Mentzoni	properNoun	swe	Mentzoni	properNoun	nor
Kiviharju	properNoun	swe	Kiviharju	properNoun	nor
Louhivuori	properNoun	swe	Louhivuori	properNoun	nor
Kinnarinen	properNoun	swe	Kinnarinen	properNoun	nor
Saul	properNoun	swe	Saul	properNoun	nor
Narvik	properNoun	swe	Narvik	properNoun	nor
Siukola	properNoun	swe	Siukola	properNoun	nor
Velde	properNoun	swe	Velde	properNoun	nor
Ojalehto	properNoun	swe	Ojalehto	properNoun	nor
Kuningas	properNoun	swe	Kuningas	properNoun	nor
Flandern	properNoun	swe	Flandern	properNoun	nor
Årøybukt	properNoun	swe	Årøybukt	properNoun	nor
Sappinen	properNoun	swe	Sappinen	properNoun	nor
Aimo	properNoun	swe	Aimo	properNoun	nor
Kittang	properNoun	swe	Kittang	properNoun	nor
Niko	properNoun	swe	Niko	properNoun	nor
Lavik	properNoun	swe	Lavik	properNoun	nor
Vest-Lofoten	properNoun	swe	Vest-Lofoten	properNoun	nor
Maggiore	properNoun	swe	Maggiore	properNoun	nor
Saur	properNoun	swe	Saur	properNoun	nor
Rahkola	properNoun	swe	Rahkola	properNoun	nor
Muukkonen	properNoun	swe	Muukkonen	properNoun	nor
Fædrelandsvennen	properNoun	swe	Fædrelandsvennen	properNoun	nor
Grammy	properNoun	swe	Grammy	properNoun	nor
Kalbakken	properNoun	swe	Kalbakken	properNoun	nor
Barentsøya	properNoun	swe	Barentsøya	properNoun	nor
Voionmaa	properNoun	swe	Voionmaa	properNoun	nor
Räntilä	properNoun	swe	Räntilä	properNoun	nor
Finnmárkkuopmodat	properNoun	swe	Finnmárkkuopmodat	properNoun	nor
Panamakanalen	properNoun	swe	Panamakanalen	properNoun	nor
Pope	properNoun	swe	Pope	properNoun	nor
Poskiparta	properNoun	swe	Poskiparta	properNoun	nor
Manninen	properNoun	swe	Manninen	properNoun	nor
Ege	properNoun	swe	Ege	properNoun	nor
Iskkon-Máhtte	properNoun	swe	Iskkon-Máhtte	properNoun	nor
Geijer	properNoun	swe	Geijer	properNoun	nor
Caoxian	properNoun	swe	Caoxian	properNoun	nor
Prince	properNoun	swe	Prince	properNoun	nor
Conakry	properNoun	swe	Conakry	properNoun	nor
Siikavirta	properNoun	swe	Siikavirta	properNoun	nor
Hartveit	properNoun	swe	Hartveit	properNoun	nor
Stonegard	properNoun	swe	Stonegard	properNoun	nor
Martensen	properNoun	swe	Martensen	properNoun	nor
Neuss	properNoun	swe	Neuss	properNoun	nor
Geoffrey	properNoun	swe	Geoffrey	properNoun	nor
Sundebákti	properNoun	swe	Sundebákti	properNoun	nor
Soukka	properNoun	swe	Soukka	properNoun	nor
Rörosen	properNoun	swe	Rörosen	properNoun	nor
Piitulainen	properNoun	swe	Piitulainen	properNoun	nor
Kupiainen	properNoun	swe	Kupiainen	properNoun	nor
Reintoft	properNoun	swe	Reintoft	properNoun	nor
Jukarainen	properNoun	swe	Jukarainen	properNoun	nor
Jarkko	properNoun	swe	Jarkko	properNoun	nor
Onnela	properNoun	swe	Onnela	properNoun	nor
John	properNoun	swe	John	properNoun	nor
Popp	properNoun	swe	Popp	properNoun	nor
Leijon	properNoun	swe	Leijon	properNoun	nor
Grønnegaard	properNoun	swe	Grønnegaard	properNoun	nor
Nord-Fron	properNoun	swe	Nord-Fron	properNoun	nor
Geilo	properNoun	swe	Geilo	properNoun	nor
Årstein	properNoun	swe	Årstein	properNoun	nor
Ytrehauge	properNoun	swe	Ytrehauge	properNoun	nor
Vollom	properNoun	swe	Vollom	properNoun	nor
Elvira	properNoun	swe	Elvira	properNoun	nor
Laihonen	properNoun	swe	Laihonen	properNoun	nor
Nilas	properNoun	swe	Nilas	properNoun	nor
Johs	properNoun	swe	Johs	properNoun	nor
Anzio	properNoun	swe	Anzio	properNoun	nor
Äyräs	properNoun	swe	Äyräs	properNoun	nor
Nenonen	properNoun	swe	Nenonen	properNoun	nor
Tharald	properNoun	swe	Tharald	properNoun	nor
Sauda	properNoun	swe	Sauda	properNoun	nor
Liaaen	properNoun	swe	Liaaen	properNoun	nor
Rådstad	properNoun	swe	Rådstad	properNoun	nor
Hvistendahl	properNoun	swe	Hvistendahl	properNoun	nor
Katavisto	properNoun	swe	Katavisto	properNoun	nor
Sonni	properNoun	swe	Sonni	properNoun	nor
Hågensen	properNoun	swe	Hågensen	properNoun	nor
Finn-Erik	properNoun	swe	Finn-Erik	properNoun	nor
Odysseus	properNoun	swe	Odysseus	properNoun	nor
Nøtterøy	properNoun	swe	Nøtterøy	properNoun	nor
Lund	properNoun	swe	Lund	properNoun	nor
Adresseavisa	properNoun	swe	Adresseavisa	properNoun	nor
Ingjald	properNoun	swe	Ingjald	properNoun	nor
Saudi	properNoun	swe	Saudi	properNoun	nor
Heaikkajohka	properNoun	swe	Heaikkajohka	properNoun	nor
Gudmundssen	properNoun	swe	Gudmundssen	properNoun	nor
Holopainen	properNoun	swe	Holopainen	properNoun	nor
Billington	properNoun	swe	Billington	properNoun	nor
Forda	properNoun	swe	Forda	properNoun	nor
Nakšon	properNoun	swe	Nakšon	properNoun	nor
Kaaresen	properNoun	swe	Kaaresen	properNoun	nor
Langaard	properNoun	swe	Langaard	properNoun	nor
Anholt	properNoun	swe	Anholt	properNoun	nor
Tiitinen	properNoun	swe	Tiitinen	properNoun	nor
Laulainen	properNoun	swe	Laulainen	properNoun	nor
Bengtsson	properNoun	swe	Bengtsson	properNoun	nor
Benfeldt	properNoun	swe	Benfeldt	properNoun	nor
Jesus	properNoun	swe	Jesus	properNoun	nor
Sainte-Marie	properNoun	swe	Sainte-Marie	properNoun	nor
Walkendorf	properNoun	swe	Walkendorf	properNoun	nor
L'Année	properNoun	swe	L'Année	properNoun	nor
Jurvakainen	properNoun	swe	Jurvakainen	properNoun	nor
Ovessen	properNoun	swe	Ovessen	properNoun	nor
Napari	properNoun	swe	Napari	properNoun	nor
Beldo	properNoun	swe	Beldo	properNoun	nor
Lérida	properNoun	swe	Lérida	properNoun	nor
Schierven	properNoun	swe	Schierven	properNoun	nor
Nuutinen	properNoun	swe	Nuutinen	properNoun	nor
Luoyang	properNoun	swe	Luoyang	properNoun	nor
Brodahl	properNoun	swe	Brodahl	properNoun	nor
Kalla	properNoun	swe	Kalla	properNoun	nor
Birjjáluokta	properNoun	swe	Birjjáluokta	properNoun	nor
Sonny	properNoun	swe	Sonny	properNoun	nor
Peuhkuri	properNoun	swe	Peuhkuri	properNoun	nor
Fugelli	properNoun	swe	Fugelli	properNoun	nor
Krøsus	properNoun	swe	Krøsus	properNoun	nor
Østgaard	properNoun	swe	Østgaard	properNoun	nor
Stavenhagen	properNoun	swe	Stavenhagen	properNoun	nor
Kalle	properNoun	swe	Kalle	properNoun	nor
Åsli	properNoun	swe	Åsli	properNoun	nor
Filipstad	properNoun	swe	Filipstad	properNoun	nor
Molde	properNoun	swe	Molde	properNoun	nor
Hanestad	properNoun	swe	Hanestad	properNoun	nor
Leningrad	properNoun	swe	Leningrad	properNoun	nor
Kalli	properNoun	swe	Kalli	properNoun	nor
Brandsnes	properNoun	swe	Brandsnes	properNoun	nor
Refsnes	properNoun	swe	Refsnes	properNoun	nor
Samsona	properNoun	swe	Samsona	properNoun	nor
Mulli	properNoun	swe	Mulli	properNoun	nor
Juhler	properNoun	swe	Juhler	properNoun	nor
Danche	properNoun	swe	Danche	properNoun	nor
Bjørnback	properNoun	swe	Bjørnback	properNoun	nor
Vigerust	properNoun	swe	Vigerust	properNoun	nor
Schøtt	properNoun	swe	Schøtt	properNoun	nor
Haugvik	properNoun	swe	Haugvik	properNoun	nor
Bekken	properNoun	swe	Bekken	properNoun	nor
Mérida	properNoun	swe	Mérida	properNoun	nor
Tveitan	properNoun	swe	Tveitan	properNoun	nor
Sedneva	properNoun	swe	Sedneva	properNoun	nor
Ritola	properNoun	swe	Ritola	properNoun	nor
Rasimus	properNoun	swe	Rasimus	properNoun	nor
Palola	properNoun	swe	Palola	properNoun	nor
Kaitainen	properNoun	swe	Kaitainen	properNoun	nor
Anund	properNoun	swe	Anund	properNoun	nor
Noreng	properNoun	swe	Noreng	properNoun	nor
Moldtun	properNoun	swe	Moldtun	properNoun	nor
Loose	properNoun	swe	Loose	properNoun	nor
Jokihaara	properNoun	swe	Jokihaara	properNoun	nor
Bekker	properNoun	swe	Bekker	properNoun	nor
Thames	properNoun	swe	Thames	properNoun	nor
Balestrand	properNoun	swe	Balestrand	properNoun	nor
Vasiljevič	properNoun	swe	Vasiljevič	properNoun	nor
Simit-Risten	properNoun	swe	Simit-Risten	properNoun	nor
Torgeirssen	properNoun	swe	Torgeirssen	properNoun	nor
Follebu	properNoun	swe	Follebu	properNoun	nor
Sava	properNoun	swe	Sava	properNoun	nor
Höör	properNoun	swe	Höör	properNoun	nor
Elinor	properNoun	swe	Elinor	properNoun	nor
Aina	properNoun	swe	Aina	properNoun	nor
Nila	properNoun	swe	Nila	properNoun	nor
Kilpeläinen	properNoun	swe	Kilpeläinen	properNoun	nor
Vladislav	properNoun	swe	Vladislav	properNoun	nor
Berith	properNoun	swe	Berith	properNoun	nor
Petrelius	properNoun	swe	Petrelius	properNoun	nor
Kekki	properNoun	swe	Kekki	properNoun	nor
Fagerli	properNoun	swe	Fagerli	properNoun	nor
Birkås	properNoun	swe	Birkås	properNoun	nor
Valand	properNoun	swe	Valand	properNoun	nor
Rinnemäki	properNoun	swe	Rinnemäki	properNoun	nor
Piepponen	properNoun	swe	Piepponen	properNoun	nor
Khartoum	properNoun	swe	Khartoum	properNoun	nor
Biennerášša	properNoun	swe	Biennerášša	properNoun	nor
Melfjordshagen	properNoun	swe	Melfjordshagen	properNoun	nor
Ørpetvedt	properNoun	swe	Ørpetvedt	properNoun	nor
Strich	properNoun	swe	Strich	properNoun	nor
Kapelrud	properNoun	swe	Kapelrud	properNoun	nor
Fries	properNoun	swe	Fries	properNoun	nor
Øvergaard	properNoun	swe	Øvergaard	properNoun	nor
Pulkkanen	properNoun	swe	Pulkkanen	properNoun	nor
Strasbourg	properNoun	swe	Strasbourg	properNoun	nor
Lukkarinen	properNoun	swe	Lukkarinen	properNoun	nor
Bersvendsen	properNoun	swe	Bersvendsen	properNoun	nor
Kjell-Arne	properNoun	swe	Kjell-Arne	properNoun	nor
Kristofferssen	properNoun	swe	Kristofferssen	properNoun	nor
Klåstad	properNoun	swe	Klåstad	properNoun	nor
Jokila	properNoun	swe	Jokila	properNoun	nor
Kabul	properNoun	swe	Kabul	properNoun	nor
Møllerhagen	properNoun	swe	Møllerhagen	properNoun	nor
Åserud	properNoun	swe	Åserud	properNoun	nor
Kristofer	properNoun	swe	Kristofer	properNoun	nor
Våga	properNoun	swe	Våga	properNoun	nor
Vauvert	properNoun	swe	Vauvert	properNoun	nor
Stockfleth	properNoun	swe	Stockfleth	properNoun	nor
Hivand	properNoun	swe	Hivand	properNoun	nor
Ankara	properNoun	swe	Ankara	properNoun	nor
Aino	properNoun	swe	Aino	properNoun	nor
Nilo	properNoun	swe	Nilo	properNoun	nor
Aleksej	properNoun	swe	Aleksej	properNoun	nor
Hesseng	properNoun	swe	Hesseng	properNoun	nor
Amulius	properNoun	swe	Amulius	properNoun	nor
Våge	properNoun	swe	Våge	properNoun	nor
Engebu	properNoun	swe	Engebu	properNoun	nor
Šilo	properNoun	swe	Šilo	properNoun	nor
Vesamäki	properNoun	swe	Vesamäki	properNoun	nor
Käpyaho	properNoun	swe	Käpyaho	properNoun	nor
Østang	properNoun	swe	Østang	properNoun	nor
Alten	properNoun	swe	Alten	properNoun	nor
Pondus	properNoun	swe	Pondus	properNoun	nor
Mans	properNoun	swe	Mans	properNoun	nor
Nils	properNoun	swe	Nils	properNoun	nor
Ellingson	properNoun	swe	Ellingson	properNoun	nor
Hamsun	properNoun	swe	Hamsun	properNoun	nor
Niiladeanoluoppal	properNoun	swe	Niiladeanoluoppal	properNoun	nor
Keller	properNoun	swe	Keller	properNoun	nor
Hakasalo	properNoun	swe	Hakasalo	properNoun	nor
Bloom	properNoun	swe	Bloom	properNoun	nor
Brown	properNoun	swe	Brown	properNoun	nor
Swatow	properNoun	swe	Swatow	properNoun	nor
Polvi	properNoun	swe	Polvi	properNoun	nor
Leponiemi	properNoun	swe	Leponiemi	properNoun	nor
Gösta	properNoun	swe	Gösta	properNoun	nor
Ulrichsen	properNoun	swe	Ulrichsen	properNoun	nor
Spik	properNoun	swe	Spik	properNoun	nor
Outila	properNoun	swe	Outila	properNoun	nor
Lahdensivu	properNoun	swe	Lahdensivu	properNoun	nor
Beahcedievvá	properNoun	swe	Beahcedievvá	properNoun	nor
Schwyz	properNoun	swe	Schwyz	properNoun	nor
Visti	properNoun	swe	Visti	properNoun	nor
Pasma	properNoun	swe	Pasma	properNoun	nor
Nilz	properNoun	swe	Nilz	properNoun	nor
Helsinki	properNoun	swe	Helsinki	properNoun	nor
Lilienskiold	properNoun	swe	Lilienskiold	properNoun	nor
Jan-Steve	properNoun	swe	Jan-Steve	properNoun	nor
Malungen	properNoun	swe	Malungen	properNoun	nor
Mämmi	properNoun	swe	Mämmi	properNoun	nor
Anja	properNoun	swe	Anja	properNoun	nor
Soikkeli	properNoun	swe	Soikkeli	properNoun	nor
Jakobsberg	properNoun	swe	Jakobsberg	properNoun	nor
Henny	properNoun	swe	Henny	properNoun	nor
Taalikka	properNoun	swe	Taalikka	properNoun	nor
Akbor	properNoun	swe	Akbor	properNoun	nor
Valpas	properNoun	swe	Valpas	properNoun	nor
Sohppargobba	properNoun	swe	Sohppargobba	properNoun	nor
Kopola	properNoun	swe	Kopola	properNoun	nor
Måsøy	properNoun	swe	Måsøy	properNoun	nor
Saavalainen	properNoun	swe	Saavalainen	properNoun	nor
Saxlund	properNoun	swe	Saxlund	properNoun	nor
Laulaja	properNoun	swe	Laulaja	properNoun	nor
Ringsaker	properNoun	swe	Ringsaker	properNoun	nor
Ilios	properNoun	swe	Ilios	properNoun	nor
Auranen	properNoun	swe	Auranen	properNoun	nor
Sauland	properNoun	swe	Sauland	properNoun	nor
Vesikko	properNoun	swe	Vesikko	properNoun	nor
Pløen	properNoun	swe	Pløen	properNoun	nor
Skrautvår	properNoun	swe	Skrautvår	properNoun	nor
Singh	properNoun	swe	Singh	properNoun	nor
Stumpf	properNoun	swe	Stumpf	properNoun	nor
Harsvik	properNoun	swe	Harsvik	properNoun	nor
Aineas	properNoun	swe	Aineas	properNoun	nor
Rihtánjárga	properNoun	swe	Rihtánjárga	properNoun	nor
Sergejeva	properNoun	swe	Sergejeva	properNoun	nor
Gabès	properNoun	swe	Gabès	properNoun	nor
Berenike	properNoun	swe	Berenike	properNoun	nor
Bodyshop	properNoun	swe	Bodyshop	properNoun	nor
Olafssen	properNoun	swe	Olafssen	properNoun	nor
Skulerud	properNoun	swe	Skulerud	properNoun	nor
Perko	properNoun	swe	Perko	properNoun	nor
Valseth	properNoun	swe	Valseth	properNoun	nor
Viktor	properNoun	swe	Viktor	properNoun	nor
Frelsesarmeen	properNoun	swe	Frelsesarmeen	properNoun	nor
Villadsen	properNoun	swe	Villadsen	properNoun	nor
Roine	properNoun	swe	Roine	properNoun	nor
Holøyen	properNoun	swe	Holøyen	properNoun	nor
Dubard	properNoun	swe	Dubard	properNoun	nor
Ruokanen	properNoun	swe	Ruokanen	properNoun	nor
Herøy	properNoun	swe	Herøy	properNoun	nor
Taipaleenmäki	properNoun	swe	Taipaleenmäki	properNoun	nor
Olof	properNoun	swe	Olof	properNoun	nor
Cathrine	properNoun	swe	Cathrine	properNoun	nor
Kivinen	properNoun	swe	Kivinen	properNoun	nor
Kvaløysletta	properNoun	swe	Kvaløysletta	properNoun	nor
Margrethe	properNoun	swe	Margrethe	properNoun	nor
Aarflon	properNoun	swe	Aarflon	properNoun	nor
Yokohama	properNoun	swe	Yokohama	properNoun	nor
Helgeland	properNoun	swe	Helgeland	properNoun	nor
Oppland	properNoun	swe	Oppland	properNoun	nor
Nicklas	properNoun	swe	Nicklas	properNoun	nor
Jeanne	properNoun	swe	Jeanne	properNoun	nor
Meinertz	properNoun	swe	Meinertz	properNoun	nor
Åsmund	properNoun	swe	Åsmund	properNoun	nor
Brandal	properNoun	swe	Brandal	properNoun	nor
Nordnorge	properNoun	swe	Nordnorge	properNoun	nor
Robbestad	properNoun	swe	Robbestad	properNoun	nor
Engelhardt	properNoun	swe	Engelhardt	properNoun	nor
Ellenjárga	properNoun	swe	Ellenjárga	properNoun	nor
Songdalen	properNoun	swe	Songdalen	properNoun	nor
Juliuson	properNoun	swe	Juliuson	properNoun	nor
Felmann	properNoun	swe	Felmann	properNoun	nor
Aarflot	properNoun	swe	Aarflot	properNoun	nor
Walseth	properNoun	swe	Walseth	properNoun	nor
Foren	properNoun	swe	Foren	properNoun	nor
Blunck	properNoun	swe	Blunck	properNoun	nor
Kormak	properNoun	swe	Kormak	properNoun	nor
Kjersti	properNoun	swe	Kjersti	properNoun	nor
Haukeland	properNoun	swe	Haukeland	properNoun	nor
Heismann	properNoun	swe	Heismann	properNoun	nor
Bramsen	properNoun	swe	Bramsen	properNoun	nor
Kalmi	properNoun	swe	Kalmi	properNoun	nor
Ipmil	properNoun	swe	Ipmil	properNoun	nor
Fornebu	properNoun	swe	Fornebu	properNoun	nor
Saratov	properNoun	swe	Saratov	properNoun	nor
Pedersen	properNoun	swe	Pedersen	properNoun	nor
Pihlajaniemi	properNoun	swe	Pihlajaniemi	properNoun	nor
Eknes	properNoun	swe	Eknes	properNoun	nor
Olov	properNoun	swe	Olov	properNoun	nor
Mertaniemi	properNoun	swe	Mertaniemi	properNoun	nor
Helmut	properNoun	swe	Helmut	properNoun	nor
Suez	properNoun	swe	Suez	properNoun	nor
Sveinssen	properNoun	swe	Sveinssen	properNoun	nor
Faxe	properNoun	swe	Faxe	properNoun	nor
Rikstoto	properNoun	swe	Rikstoto	properNoun	nor
Naftali	properNoun	swe	Naftali	properNoun	nor
Wedset	properNoun	swe	Wedset	properNoun	nor
Mukkala	properNoun	swe	Mukkala	properNoun	nor
Oddleif	properNoun	swe	Oddleif	properNoun	nor
Lenvik	properNoun	swe	Lenvik	properNoun	nor
Turunen	properNoun	swe	Turunen	properNoun	nor
Suutarinen	properNoun	swe	Suutarinen	properNoun	nor
Øysten	properNoun	swe	Øysten	properNoun	nor
Nysveen	properNoun	swe	Nysveen	properNoun	nor
Holsen	properNoun	swe	Holsen	properNoun	nor
Ronja	properNoun	swe	Ronja	properNoun	nor
Kronstad	properNoun	swe	Kronstad	properNoun	nor
Hermanssen	properNoun	swe	Hermanssen	properNoun	nor
Cappelen	properNoun	swe	Cappelen	properNoun	nor
Pedersker	properNoun	swe	Pedersker	properNoun	nor
Lundsgaard	properNoun	swe	Lundsgaard	properNoun	nor
Lysefjorden	properNoun	swe	Lysefjorden	properNoun	nor
Trondsen	properNoun	swe	Trondsen	properNoun	nor
Monsrud	properNoun	swe	Monsrud	properNoun	nor
Hågensson	properNoun	swe	Hågensson	properNoun	nor
Landsem	properNoun	swe	Landsem	properNoun	nor
Troms	properNoun	swe	Troms	properNoun	nor
Åvall	properNoun	swe	Åvall	properNoun	nor
Thokle	properNoun	swe	Thokle	properNoun	nor
Taule	properNoun	swe	Taule	properNoun	nor
Leithe	properNoun	swe	Leithe	properNoun	nor
Helskog	properNoun	swe	Helskog	properNoun	nor
Sussu	properNoun	swe	Sussu	properNoun	nor
Niedersachsen	properNoun	swe	Niedersachsen	properNoun	nor
Svennsson	properNoun	swe	Svennsson	properNoun	nor
Eklöf	properNoun	swe	Eklöf	properNoun	nor
Nebell	properNoun	swe	Nebell	properNoun	nor
Kurttila	properNoun	swe	Kurttila	properNoun	nor
Indiana	properNoun	swe	Indiana	properNoun	nor
Skogvang	properNoun	swe	Skogvang	properNoun	nor
Lammela	properNoun	swe	Lammela	properNoun	nor
Lill-Ann	properNoun	swe	Lill-Ann	properNoun	nor
Tauli	properNoun	swe	Tauli	properNoun	nor
Vuorenmaa	properNoun	swe	Vuorenmaa	properNoun	nor
Siili	properNoun	swe	Siili	properNoun	nor
Šimi	properNoun	swe	Šimi	properNoun	nor
Ugelvik	properNoun	swe	Ugelvik	properNoun	nor
Oddleiv	properNoun	swe	Oddleiv	properNoun	nor
Wilberg	properNoun	swe	Wilberg	properNoun	nor
Rauland	properNoun	swe	Rauland	properNoun	nor
Viljamaa	properNoun	swe	Viljamaa	properNoun	nor
Skjervold	properNoun	swe	Skjervold	properNoun	nor
Martiskainen	properNoun	swe	Martiskainen	properNoun	nor
Henok	properNoun	swe	Henok	properNoun	nor
Hirvelä	properNoun	swe	Hirvelä	properNoun	nor
Eia	properNoun	swe	Eia	properNoun	nor
Rantapelkonen	properNoun	swe	Rantapelkonen	properNoun	nor
Holgersen	properNoun	swe	Holgersen	properNoun	nor
Smines	properNoun	swe	Smines	properNoun	nor
Rummukainen	properNoun	swe	Rummukainen	properNoun	nor
Malmin	properNoun	swe	Malmin	properNoun	nor
Hastings	properNoun	swe	Hastings	properNoun	nor
Peteri	properNoun	swe	Peteri	properNoun	nor
Fougli	properNoun	swe	Fougli	properNoun	nor
Bocholt	properNoun	swe	Bocholt	properNoun	nor
Eid	properNoun	swe	Eid	properNoun	nor
Tukia	properNoun	swe	Tukia	properNoun	nor
Natalie	properNoun	swe	Natalie	properNoun	nor
Skodje	properNoun	swe	Skodje	properNoun	nor
Eie	properNoun	swe	Eie	properNoun	nor
Trykkerud	properNoun	swe	Trykkerud	properNoun	nor
Noureddine	properNoun	swe	Noureddine	properNoun	nor
Nicodemussen	properNoun	swe	Nicodemussen	properNoun	nor
Sirkiä	properNoun	swe	Sirkiä	properNoun	nor
Lewinsky	properNoun	swe	Lewinsky	properNoun	nor
Metropolitan	properNoun	swe	Metropolitan	properNoun	nor
Heljar	properNoun	swe	Heljar	properNoun	nor
Edith	properNoun	swe	Edith	properNoun	nor
Stordal	properNoun	swe	Stordal	properNoun	nor
Pori	properNoun	swe	Pori	properNoun	nor
Bærum	properNoun	swe	Bærum	properNoun	nor
Kurola	properNoun	swe	Kurola	properNoun	nor
Hausmann	properNoun	swe	Hausmann	properNoun	nor
Pueblo	properNoun	swe	Pueblo	properNoun	nor
Gudbrandsson	properNoun	swe	Gudbrandsson	properNoun	nor
Magellannuorri	properNoun	swe	Magellannuorri	properNoun	nor
Hatle	properNoun	swe	Hatle	properNoun	nor
Fodorovitsj	properNoun	swe	Fodorovitsj	properNoun	nor
Eik	properNoun	swe	Eik	properNoun	nor
BUL	properNoun	swe	BUL	properNoun	nor
Stangerup	properNoun	swe	Stangerup	properNoun	nor
Huvinen	properNoun	swe	Huvinen	properNoun	nor
Dortmund	properNoun	swe	Dortmund	properNoun	nor
Inndyr	properNoun	swe	Inndyr	properNoun	nor
Fonvig	properNoun	swe	Fonvig	properNoun	nor
Peters	properNoun	swe	Peters	properNoun	nor
Lehtosalo	properNoun	swe	Lehtosalo	properNoun	nor
Veli-Pekka	properNoun	swe	Veli-Pekka	properNoun	nor
Mari-Ann	properNoun	swe	Mari-Ann	properNoun	nor
Enontekiö	properNoun	swe	Enontekiö	properNoun	nor
Stamnan	properNoun	swe	Stamnan	properNoun	nor
Viken	properNoun	swe	Viken	properNoun	nor
Sletvold	properNoun	swe	Sletvold	properNoun	nor
Tiira	properNoun	swe	Tiira	properNoun	nor
Låstad	properNoun	swe	Låstad	properNoun	nor
Thorbjørg	properNoun	swe	Thorbjørg	properNoun	nor
Port	properNoun	swe	Port	properNoun	nor
Fillefjell	properNoun	swe	Fillefjell	properNoun	nor
District	properNoun	swe	District	properNoun	nor
Tervala	properNoun	swe	Tervala	properNoun	nor
Kirkhus	properNoun	swe	Kirkhus	properNoun	nor
Damiani	properNoun	swe	Damiani	properNoun	nor
Viker	properNoun	swe	Viker	properNoun	nor
Lövgren	properNoun	swe	Lövgren	properNoun	nor
Seitsonen	properNoun	swe	Seitsonen	properNoun	nor
Torson	properNoun	swe	Torson	properNoun	nor
Peugeot	properNoun	swe	Peugeot	properNoun	nor
Bukta	properNoun	swe	Bukta	properNoun	nor
Kollstrøm	properNoun	swe	Kollstrøm	properNoun	nor
Gáren	properNoun	swe	Gáren	properNoun	nor
Zakharias	properNoun	swe	Zakharias	properNoun	nor
Ingebrigtsson	properNoun	swe	Ingebrigtsson	properNoun	nor
Kuismanen	properNoun	swe	Kuismanen	properNoun	nor
Thorbjørn	properNoun	swe	Thorbjørn	properNoun	nor
Petter	properNoun	swe	Petter	properNoun	nor
Wentzel	properNoun	swe	Wentzel	properNoun	nor
Kassinen	properNoun	swe	Kassinen	properNoun	nor
Menaikmos	properNoun	swe	Menaikmos	properNoun	nor
Welle	properNoun	swe	Welle	properNoun	nor
Kalstad	properNoun	swe	Kalstad	properNoun	nor
Emil	properNoun	swe	Emil	properNoun	nor
Rud	properNoun	swe	Rud	properNoun	nor
Lyngør	properNoun	swe	Lyngør	properNoun	nor
Lukkala	properNoun	swe	Lukkala	properNoun	nor
Jøsok	properNoun	swe	Jøsok	properNoun	nor
Seljord	properNoun	swe	Seljord	properNoun	nor
Fjellestad	properNoun	swe	Fjellestad	properNoun	nor
Arosa	properNoun	swe	Arosa	properNoun	nor
Nikkala	properNoun	swe	Nikkala	properNoun	nor
Tonetta	properNoun	swe	Tonetta	properNoun	nor
Puruskainen	properNoun	swe	Puruskainen	properNoun	nor
Arkidamos	properNoun	swe	Arkidamos	properNoun	nor
Libak	properNoun	swe	Libak	properNoun	nor
Binder	properNoun	swe	Binder	properNoun	nor
Potsdam	properNoun	swe	Potsdam	properNoun	nor
Lyytikkä	properNoun	swe	Lyytikkä	properNoun	nor
Björninen	properNoun	swe	Björninen	properNoun	nor
Atacamaørkenen	properNoun	swe	Atacamaørkenen	properNoun	nor
Tonette	properNoun	swe	Tonette	properNoun	nor
Temonen	properNoun	swe	Temonen	properNoun	nor
Inger	properNoun	swe	Inger	properNoun	nor
Leivsson	properNoun	swe	Leivsson	properNoun	nor
Levola	properNoun	swe	Levola	properNoun	nor
Jeanoe	properNoun	swe	Jeanoe	properNoun	nor
Åsne	properNoun	swe	Åsne	properNoun	nor
Karola	properNoun	swe	Karola	properNoun	nor
Suihko	properNoun	swe	Suihko	properNoun	nor
Perly	properNoun	swe	Perly	properNoun	nor
Sparrow	properNoun	swe	Sparrow	properNoun	nor
Wells	properNoun	swe	Wells	properNoun	nor
Levomäki	properNoun	swe	Levomäki	properNoun	nor
Leonard	properNoun	swe	Leonard	properNoun	nor
Elopak	properNoun	swe	Elopak	properNoun	nor
Slesvig	properNoun	swe	Slesvig	properNoun	nor
Suoniemi	properNoun	swe	Suoniemi	properNoun	nor
Barrabas	properNoun	swe	Barrabas	properNoun	nor
Skoe	properNoun	swe	Skoe	properNoun	nor
Sakshaug	properNoun	swe	Sakshaug	properNoun	nor
Rus	properNoun	swe	Rus	properNoun	nor
Jimmie	properNoun	swe	Jimmie	properNoun	nor
Ingvaldsen	properNoun	swe	Ingvaldsen	properNoun	nor
Rut	properNoun	swe	Rut	properNoun	nor
Rasilainen	properNoun	swe	Rasilainen	properNoun	nor
Kurthi	properNoun	swe	Kurthi	properNoun	nor
Tonstad	properNoun	swe	Tonstad	properNoun	nor
Skog	properNoun	swe	Skog	properNoun	nor
Trond	properNoun	swe	Trond	properNoun	nor
Stensby	properNoun	swe	Stensby	properNoun	nor
Volkova	properNoun	swe	Volkova	properNoun	nor
Huhtasalo	properNoun	swe	Huhtasalo	properNoun	nor
Sør-Odal	properNoun	swe	Sør-Odal	properNoun	nor
Bajkal	properNoun	swe	Bajkal	properNoun	nor
Vilberg	properNoun	swe	Vilberg	properNoun	nor
Brandbu	properNoun	swe	Brandbu	properNoun	nor
Frigg	properNoun	swe	Frigg	properNoun	nor
Otterskred	properNoun	swe	Otterskred	properNoun	nor
Jennestad	properNoun	swe	Jennestad	properNoun	nor
Baldvin	properNoun	swe	Baldvin	properNoun	nor
Faye	properNoun	swe	Faye	properNoun	nor
Elven	properNoun	swe	Elven	properNoun	nor
Gjerald	properNoun	swe	Gjerald	properNoun	nor
Sælleg	properNoun	swe	Sælleg	properNoun	nor
Euboulos	properNoun	swe	Euboulos	properNoun	nor
Sillanmäki	properNoun	swe	Sillanmäki	properNoun	nor
Jylhä-Ollila	properNoun	swe	Jylhä-Ollila	properNoun	nor
Fræna	properNoun	swe	Fræna	properNoun	nor
Häyrinen	properNoun	swe	Häyrinen	properNoun	nor
Luxemburg	properNoun	swe	Luxemburg	properNoun	nor
Nanga	properNoun	swe	Nanga	properNoun	nor
Erek	properNoun	swe	Erek	properNoun	nor
Nina	properNoun	swe	Nina	properNoun	nor
Tronn	properNoun	swe	Tronn	properNoun	nor
Skor	properNoun	swe	Skor	properNoun	nor
Celle	properNoun	swe	Celle	properNoun	nor
Rhône	properNoun	swe	Rhône	properNoun	nor
Holstebro	properNoun	swe	Holstebro	properNoun	nor
Äyräväinen	properNoun	swe	Äyräväinen	properNoun	nor
Laestadius	properNoun	swe	Laestadius	properNoun	nor
Korpilähde	properNoun	swe	Korpilähde	properNoun	nor
Hemmer	properNoun	swe	Hemmer	properNoun	nor
Elifas	properNoun	swe	Elifas	properNoun	nor
Sulkava	properNoun	swe	Sulkava	properNoun	nor
Honecker	properNoun	swe	Honecker	properNoun	nor
Thoresen	properNoun	swe	Thoresen	properNoun	nor
Nojonen	properNoun	swe	Nojonen	properNoun	nor
Truhponen	properNoun	swe	Truhponen	properNoun	nor
Saxi	properNoun	swe	Saxi	properNoun	nor
Lilholt	properNoun	swe	Lilholt	properNoun	nor
Pålstig	properNoun	swe	Pålstig	properNoun	nor
Lauveng	properNoun	swe	Lauveng	properNoun	nor
Katmai	properNoun	swe	Katmai	properNoun	nor
Virola	properNoun	swe	Virola	properNoun	nor
Tiainen	properNoun	swe	Tiainen	properNoun	nor
Muttonen	properNoun	swe	Muttonen	properNoun	nor
Lohrbauer	properNoun	swe	Lohrbauer	properNoun	nor
Dagsavisen	properNoun	swe	Dagsavisen	properNoun	nor
Halgrim	properNoun	swe	Halgrim	properNoun	nor
Rognes	properNoun	swe	Rognes	properNoun	nor
Oak	properNoun	swe	Oak	properNoun	nor
Jukkala	properNoun	swe	Jukkala	properNoun	nor
Bendixen	properNoun	swe	Bendixen	properNoun	nor
Gartnerhallen	properNoun	swe	Gartnerhallen	properNoun	nor
Maj-Lis	properNoun	swe	Maj-Lis	properNoun	nor
Evá	properNoun	swe	Evá	properNoun	nor
Toftlund	properNoun	swe	Toftlund	properNoun	nor
Ninn	properNoun	swe	Ninn	properNoun	nor
Saxo	properNoun	swe	Saxo	properNoun	nor
Hagar	properNoun	swe	Hagar	properNoun	nor
Armagh	properNoun	swe	Armagh	properNoun	nor
Nino	properNoun	swe	Nino	properNoun	nor
Kourunen	properNoun	swe	Kourunen	properNoun	nor
Snøhetta	properNoun	swe	Snøhetta	properNoun	nor
Bottolf	properNoun	swe	Bottolf	properNoun	nor
Nilda	properNoun	swe	Nilda	properNoun	nor
Scanvest	properNoun	swe	Scanvest	properNoun	nor
Peltokoski	properNoun	swe	Peltokoski	properNoun	nor
Niemonen	properNoun	swe	Niemonen	properNoun	nor
Gahr	properNoun	swe	Gahr	properNoun	nor
Faedrus	properNoun	swe	Faedrus	properNoun	nor
Karjula	properNoun	swe	Karjula	properNoun	nor
Hobøl	properNoun	swe	Hobøl	properNoun	nor
Langfeldt	properNoun	swe	Langfeldt	properNoun	nor
Virtala	properNoun	swe	Virtala	properNoun	nor
Ikävalko	properNoun	swe	Ikävalko	properNoun	nor
Joachim	properNoun	swe	Joachim	properNoun	nor
Ann-Karin	properNoun	swe	Ann-Karin	properNoun	nor
Hansen	properNoun	swe	Hansen	properNoun	nor
Hardanger	properNoun	swe	Hardanger	properNoun	nor
Taraldsen	properNoun	swe	Taraldsen	properNoun	nor
Engerdal	properNoun	swe	Engerdal	properNoun	nor
Lierne	properNoun	swe	Lierne	properNoun	nor
Hyväkkä	properNoun	swe	Hyväkkä	properNoun	nor
Heikura	properNoun	swe	Heikura	properNoun	nor
Haseson	properNoun	swe	Haseson	properNoun	nor
Erkkeroavvi	properNoun	swe	Erkkeroavvi	properNoun	nor
Devik	properNoun	swe	Devik	properNoun	nor
Sør-Spania	properNoun	swe	Sør-Spania	properNoun	nor
Joki	properNoun	swe	Joki	properNoun	nor
Haerem	properNoun	swe	Haerem	properNoun	nor
Jan-Olav	properNoun	swe	Jan-Olav	properNoun	nor
Osland	properNoun	swe	Osland	properNoun	nor
Sindre	properNoun	swe	Sindre	properNoun	nor
Halla-aho	properNoun	swe	Halla-aho	properNoun	nor
Johnsen	properNoun	swe	Johnsen	properNoun	nor
Michelet	properNoun	swe	Michelet	properNoun	nor
Mihkkalgohppi	properNoun	swe	Mihkkalgohppi	properNoun	nor
Ekroll	properNoun	swe	Ekroll	properNoun	nor
Ewald	properNoun	swe	Ewald	properNoun	nor
Vuotila	properNoun	swe	Vuotila	properNoun	nor
Sutelainen	properNoun	swe	Sutelainen	properNoun	nor
Fergie	properNoun	swe	Fergie	properNoun	nor
Mäkelä	properNoun	swe	Mäkelä	properNoun	nor
Fenes	properNoun	swe	Fenes	properNoun	nor
Møllebakken	properNoun	swe	Møllebakken	properNoun	nor
Post	properNoun	swe	Post	properNoun	nor
Joks	properNoun	swe	Joks	properNoun	nor
Brønnsletten	properNoun	swe	Brønnsletten	properNoun	nor
Bjerkan	properNoun	swe	Bjerkan	properNoun	nor
Périgueux	properNoun	swe	Périgueux	properNoun	nor
Rubach	properNoun	swe	Rubach	properNoun	nor
Heggenes	properNoun	swe	Heggenes	properNoun	nor
Jaaranen	properNoun	swe	Jaaranen	properNoun	nor
Rolvsen	properNoun	swe	Rolvsen	properNoun	nor
Vattulainen	properNoun	swe	Vattulainen	properNoun	nor
Scorcese	properNoun	swe	Scorcese	properNoun	nor
Nerstad	properNoun	swe	Nerstad	properNoun	nor
Richardssen	properNoun	swe	Richardssen	properNoun	nor
Sturluson	properNoun	swe	Sturluson	properNoun	nor
Piirto	properNoun	swe	Piirto	properNoun	nor
Dæhli	properNoun	swe	Dæhli	properNoun	nor
Lavris	properNoun	swe	Lavris	properNoun	nor
Ilia	properNoun	swe	Ilia	properNoun	nor
Bersagel	properNoun	swe	Bersagel	properNoun	nor
Rintanen	properNoun	swe	Rintanen	properNoun	nor
Salmela	properNoun	swe	Salmela	properNoun	nor
Nålsund	properNoun	swe	Nålsund	properNoun	nor
Zaïre	properNoun	swe	Zaïre	properNoun	nor
Skogseth	properNoun	swe	Skogseth	properNoun	nor
Heggdal	properNoun	swe	Heggdal	properNoun	nor
Sinsen	properNoun	swe	Sinsen	properNoun	nor
Fuhr	properNoun	swe	Fuhr	properNoun	nor
Stavseng	properNoun	swe	Stavseng	properNoun	nor
Sippola	properNoun	swe	Sippola	properNoun	nor
Albrectsen	properNoun	swe	Albrectsen	properNoun	nor
Sjøberg	properNoun	swe	Sjøberg	properNoun	nor
Kriegel	properNoun	swe	Kriegel	properNoun	nor
Illøkken	properNoun	swe	Illøkken	properNoun	nor
Ruutikainen	properNoun	swe	Ruutikainen	properNoun	nor
Mahlamäki	properNoun	swe	Mahlamäki	properNoun	nor
Søvik	properNoun	swe	Søvik	properNoun	nor
Louisiana	properNoun	swe	Louisiana	properNoun	nor
Silventoinen	properNoun	swe	Silventoinen	properNoun	nor
Pollyanna	properNoun	swe	Pollyanna	properNoun	nor
Sohlberg	properNoun	swe	Sohlberg	properNoun	nor
Henttunen	properNoun	swe	Henttunen	properNoun	nor
Sydänmaa	properNoun	swe	Sydänmaa	properNoun	nor
Nærestad	properNoun	swe	Nærestad	properNoun	nor
Hearrágoahtenjárga	properNoun	swe	Hearrágoahtenjárga	properNoun	nor
West	properNoun	swe	West	properNoun	nor
Strömstad	properNoun	swe	Strömstad	properNoun	nor
Bruvold	properNoun	swe	Bruvold	properNoun	nor
Stoppel	properNoun	swe	Stoppel	properNoun	nor
Mørsvik	properNoun	swe	Mørsvik	properNoun	nor
Douglas	properNoun	swe	Douglas	properNoun	nor
Franni	properNoun	swe	Franni	properNoun	nor
Sør-Asia	properNoun	swe	Sør-Asia	properNoun	nor
Ilis	properNoun	swe	Ilis	properNoun	nor
Sunndal	properNoun	swe	Sunndal	properNoun	nor
Garnes	properNoun	swe	Garnes	properNoun	nor
Niilaeatnogáddi	properNoun	swe	Niilaeatnogáddi	properNoun	nor
Fjellner	properNoun	swe	Fjellner	properNoun	nor
Stubager	properNoun	swe	Stubager	properNoun	nor
Bjanes	properNoun	swe	Bjanes	properNoun	nor
Klemetsen	properNoun	swe	Klemetsen	properNoun	nor
Ovlin	properNoun	swe	Ovlin	properNoun	nor
Gunnestad	properNoun	swe	Gunnestad	properNoun	nor
Pettersen	properNoun	swe	Pettersen	properNoun	nor
Antonssen	properNoun	swe	Antonssen	properNoun	nor
Kolehmainen	properNoun	swe	Kolehmainen	properNoun	nor
Euterpe	properNoun	swe	Euterpe	properNoun	nor
Irjá	properNoun	swe	Irjá	properNoun	nor
Anne-Lene	properNoun	swe	Anne-Lene	properNoun	nor
Gratangsbotn	properNoun	swe	Gratangsbotn	properNoun	nor
Vulležiidoaivi	properNoun	swe	Vulležiidoaivi	properNoun	nor
Jacoby	properNoun	swe	Jacoby	properNoun	nor
Haugseth	properNoun	swe	Haugseth	properNoun	nor
Elvesæter	properNoun	swe	Elvesæter	properNoun	nor
Eikjok	properNoun	swe	Eikjok	properNoun	nor
Haagenson	properNoun	swe	Haagenson	properNoun	nor
Gaia	properNoun	swe	Gaia	properNoun	nor
Kirkeby	properNoun	swe	Kirkeby	properNoun	nor
Dahlgaard	properNoun	swe	Dahlgaard	properNoun	nor
Johanson	properNoun	swe	Johanson	properNoun	nor
Bardu	properNoun	swe	Bardu	properNoun	nor
Stubholt	properNoun	swe	Stubholt	properNoun	nor
Rinde	properNoun	swe	Rinde	properNoun	nor
Barnett	properNoun	swe	Barnett	properNoun	nor
Egert	properNoun	swe	Egert	properNoun	nor
Tage	properNoun	swe	Tage	properNoun	nor
Paasovaara	properNoun	swe	Paasovaara	properNoun	nor
Jaskari	properNoun	swe	Jaskari	properNoun	nor
Antonie	properNoun	swe	Antonie	properNoun	nor
Seilonen	properNoun	swe	Seilonen	properNoun	nor
Rolandsen	properNoun	swe	Rolandsen	properNoun	nor
Poikela	properNoun	swe	Poikela	properNoun	nor
Jacobsson	properNoun	swe	Jacobsson	properNoun	nor
Kaisanlahti	properNoun	swe	Kaisanlahti	properNoun	nor
High	properNoun	swe	High	properNoun	nor
Dragnes	properNoun	swe	Dragnes	properNoun	nor
Kjerstad	properNoun	swe	Kjerstad	properNoun	nor
Ellon	properNoun	swe	Ellon	properNoun	nor
Oslofjorden	properNoun	swe	Oslofjorden	properNoun	nor
Øgrim	properNoun	swe	Øgrim	properNoun	nor
Jonsrud	properNoun	swe	Jonsrud	properNoun	nor
Blönduós	properNoun	swe	Blönduós	properNoun	nor
Skjæveland	properNoun	swe	Skjæveland	properNoun	nor
Bunkholt	properNoun	swe	Bunkholt	properNoun	nor
Våje	properNoun	swe	Våje	properNoun	nor
Blaksæter	properNoun	swe	Blaksæter	properNoun	nor
Tauno	properNoun	swe	Tauno	properNoun	nor
Antonio	properNoun	swe	Antonio	properNoun	nor
Sparby	properNoun	swe	Sparby	properNoun	nor
Skrede	properNoun	swe	Skrede	properNoun	nor
Pappinen	properNoun	swe	Pappinen	properNoun	nor
Harhoff	properNoun	swe	Harhoff	properNoun	nor
Kautiainen	properNoun	swe	Kautiainen	properNoun	nor
Schouboe	properNoun	swe	Schouboe	properNoun	nor
Klami	properNoun	swe	Klami	properNoun	nor
Epikur	properNoun	swe	Epikur	properNoun	nor
Alexandria	properNoun	swe	Alexandria	properNoun	nor
Newman	properNoun	swe	Newman	properNoun	nor
Medbye	properNoun	swe	Medbye	properNoun	nor
Lásserášša	properNoun	swe	Lásserášša	properNoun	nor
Lähdesmäki	properNoun	swe	Lähdesmäki	properNoun	nor
Hippeläinen	properNoun	swe	Hippeläinen	properNoun	nor
Balsaláhku	properNoun	swe	Balsaláhku	properNoun	nor
Poulsen	properNoun	swe	Poulsen	properNoun	nor
Eberhard	properNoun	swe	Eberhard	properNoun	nor
Røstad	properNoun	swe	Røstad	properNoun	nor
Poti	properNoun	swe	Poti	properNoun	nor
Ølberg	properNoun	swe	Ølberg	properNoun	nor
Reinilä	properNoun	swe	Reinilä	properNoun	nor
Niinivaara	properNoun	swe	Niinivaara	properNoun	nor
Elsrud	properNoun	swe	Elsrud	properNoun	nor
Grini	properNoun	swe	Grini	properNoun	nor
Mässeli	properNoun	swe	Mässeli	properNoun	nor
Mäkiranta	properNoun	swe	Mäkiranta	properNoun	nor
Adelhardt	properNoun	swe	Adelhardt	properNoun	nor
Cæsar	properNoun	swe	Cæsar	properNoun	nor
Thingstad	properNoun	swe	Thingstad	properNoun	nor
Kraus	properNoun	swe	Kraus	properNoun	nor
Fellman	properNoun	swe	Fellman	properNoun	nor
Áilejohka	properNoun	swe	Áilejohka	properNoun	nor
Ruhala	properNoun	swe	Ruhala	properNoun	nor
Laden	properNoun	swe	Laden	properNoun	nor
Kansonen	properNoun	swe	Kansonen	properNoun	nor
Nilen	properNoun	swe	Nilen	properNoun	nor
Kärkäs	properNoun	swe	Kärkäs	properNoun	nor
Einarsson	properNoun	swe	Einarsson	properNoun	nor
Vinterbo-Hohr	properNoun	swe	Vinterbo-Hohr	properNoun	nor
Fairbanks	properNoun	swe	Fairbanks	properNoun	nor
Schweigaard	properNoun	swe	Schweigaard	properNoun	nor
Rainer	properNoun	swe	Rainer	properNoun	nor
Jörn	properNoun	swe	Jörn	properNoun	nor
Röntynen	properNoun	swe	Röntynen	properNoun	nor
Rehman	properNoun	swe	Rehman	properNoun	nor
Caspar	properNoun	swe	Caspar	properNoun	nor
Harjula	properNoun	swe	Harjula	properNoun	nor
Emanuelsen	properNoun	swe	Emanuelsen	properNoun	nor
Erich	properNoun	swe	Erich	properNoun	nor
Virtamo	properNoun	swe	Virtamo	properNoun	nor
Guildford	properNoun	swe	Guildford	properNoun	nor
Siilin	properNoun	swe	Siilin	properNoun	nor
Jokikokko	properNoun	swe	Jokikokko	properNoun	nor
Frankriika	properNoun	swe	Frankriika	properNoun	nor
Rekdal	properNoun	swe	Rekdal	properNoun	nor
Vanvik	properNoun	swe	Vanvik	properNoun	nor
Teben	properNoun	swe	Teben	properNoun	nor
Pilatus	properNoun	swe	Pilatus	properNoun	nor
Eydehavn	properNoun	swe	Eydehavn	properNoun	nor
Mussolini	properNoun	swe	Mussolini	properNoun	nor
Abrahamssen	properNoun	swe	Abrahamssen	properNoun	nor
Musæus	properNoun	swe	Musæus	properNoun	nor
Omdahl	properNoun	swe	Omdahl	properNoun	nor
Dolmen	properNoun	swe	Dolmen	properNoun	nor
Djengis	properNoun	swe	Djengis	properNoun	nor
Barabbas	properNoun	swe	Barabbas	properNoun	nor
Lysekloster	properNoun	swe	Lysekloster	properNoun	nor
Ánnájávri	properNoun	swe	Ánnájávri	properNoun	nor
Lagercrantz	properNoun	swe	Lagercrantz	properNoun	nor
Ivan	properNoun	swe	Ivan	properNoun	nor
Trøen	properNoun	swe	Trøen	properNoun	nor
Kreyberg	properNoun	swe	Kreyberg	properNoun	nor
Peräkorpi	properNoun	swe	Peräkorpi	properNoun	nor
Horta	properNoun	swe	Horta	properNoun	nor
Poutiainen	properNoun	swe	Poutiainen	properNoun	nor
Watt-Cloutier	properNoun	swe	Watt-Cloutier	properNoun	nor
Raittinen	properNoun	swe	Raittinen	properNoun	nor
Ovis	properNoun	swe	Ovis	properNoun	nor
Hoikkala	properNoun	swe	Hoikkala	properNoun	nor
Fedor	properNoun	swe	Fedor	properNoun	nor
Ivar	properNoun	swe	Ivar	properNoun	nor
Susánná	properNoun	swe	Susánná	properNoun	nor
Åhman	properNoun	swe	Åhman	properNoun	nor
Maurstad	properNoun	swe	Maurstad	properNoun	nor
Disney	properNoun	swe	Disney	properNoun	nor
Garlatti	properNoun	swe	Garlatti	properNoun	nor
Trygg	properNoun	swe	Trygg	properNoun	nor
Antoine	properNoun	swe	Antoine	properNoun	nor
Henningsson	properNoun	swe	Henningsson	properNoun	nor
Kotimäki	properNoun	swe	Kotimäki	properNoun	nor
Birgith	properNoun	swe	Birgith	properNoun	nor
Lieblein	properNoun	swe	Lieblein	properNoun	nor
Kellokoski	properNoun	swe	Kellokoski	properNoun	nor
Lillehammer	properNoun	swe	Lillehammer	properNoun	nor
Tornensis	properNoun	swe	Tornensis	properNoun	nor
Bøllingtoft	properNoun	swe	Bøllingtoft	properNoun	nor
Rásteluoppal	properNoun	swe	Rásteluoppal	properNoun	nor
Madla	properNoun	swe	Madla	properNoun	nor
Teisen	properNoun	swe	Teisen	properNoun	nor
Queseth	properNoun	swe	Queseth	properNoun	nor
Sohpparvađđa	properNoun	swe	Sohpparvađđa	properNoun	nor
Suhr	properNoun	swe	Suhr	properNoun	nor
Ranttila	properNoun	swe	Ranttila	properNoun	nor
Kårstad	properNoun	swe	Kårstad	properNoun	nor
Kvandahl	properNoun	swe	Kvandahl	properNoun	nor
Bearamohkkemaras	properNoun	swe	Bearamohkkemaras	properNoun	nor
Juhlin	properNoun	swe	Juhlin	properNoun	nor
Seljordvatnet	properNoun	swe	Seljordvatnet	properNoun	nor
Sydänmaanlakka	properNoun	swe	Sydänmaanlakka	properNoun	nor
Kalgoorlie-Boulder	properNoun	swe	Kalgoorlie-Boulder	properNoun	nor
Ullensaker	properNoun	swe	Ullensaker	properNoun	nor
Sotaniemi	properNoun	swe	Sotaniemi	properNoun	nor
Kroonstad	properNoun	swe	Kroonstad	properNoun	nor
Brattestå	properNoun	swe	Brattestå	properNoun	nor
Qavigaq	properNoun	swe	Qavigaq	properNoun	nor
Kuukka	properNoun	swe	Kuukka	properNoun	nor
Hienonen	properNoun	swe	Hienonen	properNoun	nor
Simonnes	properNoun	swe	Simonnes	properNoun	nor
Nuppola	properNoun	swe	Nuppola	properNoun	nor
Lausitz	properNoun	swe	Lausitz	properNoun	nor
Krog	properNoun	swe	Krog	properNoun	nor
Sjursen	properNoun	swe	Sjursen	properNoun	nor
Pippola	properNoun	swe	Pippola	properNoun	nor
Tveiten	properNoun	swe	Tveiten	properNoun	nor
Solbakk	properNoun	swe	Solbakk	properNoun	nor
Sillankorva	properNoun	swe	Sillankorva	properNoun	nor
Leviticus	properNoun	swe	Leviticus	properNoun	nor
Bernander	properNoun	swe	Bernander	properNoun	nor
Paasikivi	properNoun	swe	Paasikivi	properNoun	nor
Gjølme	properNoun	swe	Gjølme	properNoun	nor
Hisingen	properNoun	swe	Hisingen	properNoun	nor
Mantela	properNoun	swe	Mantela	properNoun	nor
Komssi	properNoun	swe	Komssi	properNoun	nor
Aira	properNoun	swe	Aira	properNoun	nor
Mara	properNoun	swe	Mara	properNoun	nor
Breistein	properNoun	swe	Breistein	properNoun	nor
Ahriman	properNoun	swe	Ahriman	properNoun	nor
Østbanen	properNoun	swe	Østbanen	properNoun	nor
Filling	properNoun	swe	Filling	properNoun	nor
Bahne	properNoun	swe	Bahne	properNoun	nor
Marc	properNoun	swe	Marc	properNoun	nor
Lønnegaard	properNoun	swe	Lønnegaard	properNoun	nor
Jakovlev	properNoun	swe	Jakovlev	properNoun	nor
Kristiansen	properNoun	swe	Kristiansen	properNoun	nor
Hakamaa	properNoun	swe	Hakamaa	properNoun	nor
Friis	properNoun	swe	Friis	properNoun	nor
Misrajim	properNoun	swe	Misrajim	properNoun	nor
Hietikko	properNoun	swe	Hietikko	properNoun	nor
Vincens	properNoun	swe	Vincens	properNoun	nor
Ernest	properNoun	swe	Ernest	properNoun	nor
Football	properNoun	swe	Football	properNoun	nor
Stabursvik	properNoun	swe	Stabursvik	properNoun	nor
Juutilainen	properNoun	swe	Juutilainen	properNoun	nor
Vincent	properNoun	swe	Vincent	properNoun	nor
Galdhøpiggen	properNoun	swe	Galdhøpiggen	properNoun	nor
Mari	properNoun	swe	Mari	properNoun	nor
Marques	properNoun	swe	Marques	properNoun	nor
Mark	properNoun	swe	Mark	properNoun	nor
Ingilæ	properNoun	swe	Ingilæ	properNoun	nor
Kusjal	properNoun	swe	Kusjal	properNoun	nor
Penguin	properNoun	swe	Penguin	properNoun	nor
Capjon	properNoun	swe	Capjon	properNoun	nor
Honningsvåg	properNoun	swe	Honningsvåg	properNoun	nor
Malaysia	properNoun	swe	Malaysia	properNoun	nor
Schönberg	properNoun	swe	Schönberg	properNoun	nor
Rotnes	properNoun	swe	Rotnes	properNoun	nor
Jackwitz	properNoun	swe	Jackwitz	properNoun	nor
Lepidus	properNoun	swe	Lepidus	properNoun	nor
Talikka	properNoun	swe	Talikka	properNoun	nor
Airo	properNoun	swe	Airo	properNoun	nor
Henri	properNoun	swe	Henri	properNoun	nor
Tsjekhov	properNoun	swe	Tsjekhov	properNoun	nor
Olavesen	properNoun	swe	Olavesen	properNoun	nor
Kojonen	properNoun	swe	Kojonen	properNoun	nor
Shultz	properNoun	swe	Shultz	properNoun	nor
Helttunen	properNoun	swe	Helttunen	properNoun	nor
Itzehoe	properNoun	swe	Itzehoe	properNoun	nor
Frodesson	properNoun	swe	Frodesson	properNoun	nor
Mechelen	properNoun	swe	Mechelen	properNoun	nor
Joma	properNoun	swe	Joma	properNoun	nor
Fevang	properNoun	swe	Fevang	properNoun	nor
Aabo	properNoun	swe	Aabo	properNoun	nor
Thuen	properNoun	swe	Thuen	properNoun	nor
Rekvik	properNoun	swe	Rekvik	properNoun	nor
Mossik	properNoun	swe	Mossik	properNoun	nor
Vuolab	properNoun	swe	Vuolab	properNoun	nor
Alaraudanjoki	properNoun	swe	Alaraudanjoki	properNoun	nor
Nanit	properNoun	swe	Nanit	properNoun	nor
Mars	properNoun	swe	Mars	properNoun	nor
Saint-Tropez	properNoun	swe	Saint-Tropez	properNoun	nor
Koukkari	properNoun	swe	Koukkari	properNoun	nor
Humpen	properNoun	swe	Humpen	properNoun	nor
Augustenborg	properNoun	swe	Augustenborg	properNoun	nor
Aleksandr	properNoun	swe	Aleksandr	properNoun	nor
Elf	properNoun	swe	Elf	properNoun	nor
Tuohimäki	properNoun	swe	Tuohimäki	properNoun	nor
Quist	properNoun	swe	Quist	properNoun	nor
Spies	properNoun	swe	Spies	properNoun	nor
Doeg	properNoun	swe	Doeg	properNoun	nor
Axel	properNoun	swe	Axel	properNoun	nor
Jánoš	properNoun	swe	Jánoš	properNoun	nor
Marx	properNoun	swe	Marx	properNoun	nor
Labahå	properNoun	swe	Labahå	properNoun	nor
Hægsæt	properNoun	swe	Hægsæt	properNoun	nor
Hietamies	properNoun	swe	Hietamies	properNoun	nor
Mary	properNoun	swe	Mary	properNoun	nor
Eli	properNoun	swe	Eli	properNoun	nor
Ollestad	properNoun	swe	Ollestad	properNoun	nor
Elmkvist	properNoun	swe	Elmkvist	properNoun	nor
Kierschow	properNoun	swe	Kierschow	properNoun	nor
Juurikka	properNoun	swe	Juurikka	properNoun	nor
Aaby	properNoun	swe	Aaby	properNoun	nor
Poul	properNoun	swe	Poul	properNoun	nor
Esbon	properNoun	swe	Esbon	properNoun	nor
Wold	properNoun	swe	Wold	properNoun	nor
Meinich	properNoun	swe	Meinich	properNoun	nor
Wolf	properNoun	swe	Wolf	properNoun	nor
Bergensbana	properNoun	swe	Bergensbana	properNoun	nor
Henry	properNoun	swe	Henry	properNoun	nor
Wibeke	properNoun	swe	Wibeke	properNoun	nor
Breivik	properNoun	swe	Breivik	properNoun	nor
Partti	properNoun	swe	Partti	properNoun	nor
Elo	properNoun	swe	Elo	properNoun	nor
Zamosc	properNoun	swe	Zamosc	properNoun	nor
Livingstone	properNoun	swe	Livingstone	properNoun	nor
Rosie	properNoun	swe	Rosie	properNoun	nor
Anne	properNoun	swe	Anne	properNoun	nor
Igor	properNoun	swe	Igor	properNoun	nor
Nygaard	properNoun	swe	Nygaard	properNoun	nor
Nordahl	properNoun	swe	Nordahl	properNoun	nor
Harmoinen	properNoun	swe	Harmoinen	properNoun	nor
Gosnell	properNoun	swe	Gosnell	properNoun	nor
Ann-Katrin	properNoun	swe	Ann-Katrin	properNoun	nor
Woll	properNoun	swe	Woll	properNoun	nor
Menchu	properNoun	swe	Menchu	properNoun	nor
Anni	properNoun	swe	Anni	properNoun	nor
Nikkilä	properNoun	swe	Nikkilä	properNoun	nor
Barrios	properNoun	swe	Barrios	properNoun	nor
Auvinen	properNoun	swe	Auvinen	properNoun	nor
Krødsherad	properNoun	swe	Krødsherad	properNoun	nor
Skott	properNoun	swe	Skott	properNoun	nor
Damaskus	properNoun	swe	Damaskus	properNoun	nor
Lusa	properNoun	swe	Lusa	properNoun	nor
Deng	properNoun	swe	Deng	properNoun	nor
Aitto-oja	properNoun	swe	Aitto-oja	properNoun	nor
Lakselv	properNoun	swe	Lakselv	properNoun	nor
Willassen	properNoun	swe	Willassen	properNoun	nor
Rahnasto	properNoun	swe	Rahnasto	properNoun	nor
Godvik	properNoun	swe	Godvik	properNoun	nor
Siivár	properNoun	swe	Siivár	properNoun	nor
Härmälä	properNoun	swe	Härmälä	properNoun	nor
Akselson	properNoun	swe	Akselson	properNoun	nor
Risan	properNoun	swe	Risan	properNoun	nor
McCartney	properNoun	swe	McCartney	properNoun	nor
Vuolledállu	properNoun	swe	Vuolledállu	properNoun	nor
Snodgras	properNoun	swe	Snodgras	properNoun	nor
Shepherd	properNoun	swe	Shepherd	properNoun	nor
Naina	properNoun	swe	Naina	properNoun	nor
Luse	properNoun	swe	Luse	properNoun	nor
Dalseng	properNoun	swe	Dalseng	properNoun	nor
Stener	properNoun	swe	Stener	properNoun	nor
Ingard	properNoun	swe	Ingard	properNoun	nor
Antonova	properNoun	swe	Antonova	properNoun	nor
Sierge	properNoun	swe	Sierge	properNoun	nor
Ruuskanen	properNoun	swe	Ruuskanen	properNoun	nor
Ebbestad	properNoun	swe	Ebbestad	properNoun	nor
Miriam	properNoun	swe	Miriam	properNoun	nor
Sommer-Bergen	properNoun	swe	Sommer-Bergen	properNoun	nor
Andreassen	properNoun	swe	Andreassen	properNoun	nor
Raaum	properNoun	swe	Raaum	properNoun	nor
Lársa	properNoun	swe	Lársa	properNoun	nor
Helgesson	properNoun	swe	Helgesson	properNoun	nor
Varatun	properNoun	swe	Varatun	properNoun	nor
Törrönen	properNoun	swe	Törrönen	properNoun	nor
Gjelstad	properNoun	swe	Gjelstad	properNoun	nor
Kari-Anne	properNoun	swe	Kari-Anne	properNoun	nor
Lantela	properNoun	swe	Lantela	properNoun	nor
Keisala	properNoun	swe	Keisala	properNoun	nor
Nicole	properNoun	swe	Nicole	properNoun	nor
Stensen	properNoun	swe	Stensen	properNoun	nor
Patrik	properNoun	swe	Patrik	properNoun	nor
Weum	properNoun	swe	Weum	properNoun	nor
Anny	properNoun	swe	Anny	properNoun	nor
Prusti	properNoun	swe	Prusti	properNoun	nor
Tjelta	properNoun	swe	Tjelta	properNoun	nor
Mjell	properNoun	swe	Mjell	properNoun	nor
Indseth	properNoun	swe	Indseth	properNoun	nor
Blackburn	properNoun	swe	Blackburn	properNoun	nor
Bårdsson	properNoun	swe	Bårdsson	properNoun	nor
Sauvola	properNoun	swe	Sauvola	properNoun	nor
Furre	properNoun	swe	Furre	properNoun	nor
Emly	properNoun	swe	Emly	properNoun	nor
Sunnseth	properNoun	swe	Sunnseth	properNoun	nor
Krosby	properNoun	swe	Krosby	properNoun	nor
Søgaard	properNoun	swe	Søgaard	properNoun	nor
Værdal	properNoun	swe	Værdal	properNoun	nor
Skre	properNoun	swe	Skre	properNoun	nor
Hojem	properNoun	swe	Hojem	properNoun	nor
Jussávađđa	properNoun	swe	Jussávađđa	properNoun	nor
Vatland	properNoun	swe	Vatland	properNoun	nor
de	properNoun	swe	de	properNoun	nor
Vainiomäki	properNoun	swe	Vainiomäki	properNoun	nor
Horus	properNoun	swe	Horus	properNoun	nor
Juss-Buss	properNoun	swe	Juss-Buss	properNoun	nor
Pavall	properNoun	swe	Pavall	properNoun	nor
Mandy	properNoun	swe	Mandy	properNoun	nor
Yngvil	properNoun	swe	Yngvil	properNoun	nor
Øygarden	properNoun	swe	Øygarden	properNoun	nor
Ánnevárri	properNoun	swe	Ánnevárri	properNoun	nor
Pieviläinen	properNoun	swe	Pieviläinen	properNoun	nor
Borgsø	properNoun	swe	Borgsø	properNoun	nor
Gamle-Erik	properNoun	swe	Gamle-Erik	properNoun	nor
Westrum	properNoun	swe	Westrum	properNoun	nor
Karvanen	properNoun	swe	Karvanen	properNoun	nor
Seppänen	properNoun	swe	Seppänen	properNoun	nor
Milan	properNoun	swe	Milan	properNoun	nor
Marrakech	properNoun	swe	Marrakech	properNoun	nor
Hinkula	properNoun	swe	Hinkula	properNoun	nor
Mandrake	properNoun	swe	Mandrake	properNoun	nor
Kleivgrend	properNoun	swe	Kleivgrend	properNoun	nor
Hammaren	properNoun	swe	Hammaren	properNoun	nor
Gambukt	properNoun	swe	Gambukt	properNoun	nor
Bjørnulf	properNoun	swe	Bjørnulf	properNoun	nor
Jouppila	properNoun	swe	Jouppila	properNoun	nor
Oda	properNoun	swe	Oda	properNoun	nor
Puittinen	properNoun	swe	Puittinen	properNoun	nor
Jemuel	properNoun	swe	Jemuel	properNoun	nor
Ammul	properNoun	swe	Ammul	properNoun	nor
Johánas	properNoun	swe	Johánas	properNoun	nor
Odd	properNoun	swe	Odd	properNoun	nor
Ylihärsilä	properNoun	swe	Ylihärsilä	properNoun	nor
Rettedal	properNoun	swe	Rettedal	properNoun	nor
Tertullus	properNoun	swe	Tertullus	properNoun	nor
Rättvik	properNoun	swe	Rättvik	properNoun	nor
Mikalsson	properNoun	swe	Mikalsson	properNoun	nor
Maijanen	properNoun	swe	Maijanen	properNoun	nor
Ronni	properNoun	swe	Ronni	properNoun	nor
Tykkä	properNoun	swe	Tykkä	properNoun	nor
Moclair	properNoun	swe	Moclair	properNoun	nor
Máhttei	properNoun	swe	Máhttei	properNoun	nor
Rávdna	properNoun	swe	Rávdna	properNoun	nor
Masi	properNoun	swe	Masi	properNoun	nor
Lepomäki	properNoun	swe	Lepomäki	properNoun	nor
Begna	properNoun	swe	Begna	properNoun	nor
Aukra	properNoun	swe	Aukra	properNoun	nor
Østby	properNoun	swe	Østby	properNoun	nor
Ålborg	properNoun	swe	Ålborg	properNoun	nor
Uutinen	properNoun	swe	Uutinen	properNoun	nor
Høgås	properNoun	swe	Høgås	properNoun	nor
Sointu	properNoun	swe	Sointu	properNoun	nor
Hiim	properNoun	swe	Hiim	properNoun	nor
Mouritsen	properNoun	swe	Mouritsen	properNoun	nor
Våle	properNoun	swe	Våle	properNoun	nor
Jona	properNoun	swe	Jona	properNoun	nor
Hamara	properNoun	swe	Hamara	properNoun	nor
Cuando	properNoun	swe	Cuando	properNoun	nor
Siipo	properNoun	swe	Siipo	properNoun	nor
Piilonen	properNoun	swe	Piilonen	properNoun	nor
Vulležiidgirku	properNoun	swe	Vulležiidgirku	properNoun	nor
Eldar	properNoun	swe	Eldar	properNoun	nor
Gunhilde	properNoun	swe	Gunhilde	properNoun	nor
Quito	properNoun	swe	Quito	properNoun	nor
Roscher	properNoun	swe	Roscher	properNoun	nor
Korsvold	properNoun	swe	Korsvold	properNoun	nor
Teresa	properNoun	swe	Teresa	properNoun	nor
Stuevold	properNoun	swe	Stuevold	properNoun	nor
Nakkelajervi	properNoun	swe	Nakkelajervi	properNoun	nor
Gautestad	properNoun	swe	Gautestad	properNoun	nor
Jone	properNoun	swe	Jone	properNoun	nor
Vuorensola	properNoun	swe	Vuorensola	properNoun	nor
Santalahti	properNoun	swe	Santalahti	properNoun	nor
Naas	properNoun	swe	Naas	properNoun	nor
Haagenssen	properNoun	swe	Haagenssen	properNoun	nor
Tontti	properNoun	swe	Tontti	properNoun	nor
Terese	properNoun	swe	Terese	properNoun	nor
Bellman	properNoun	swe	Bellman	properNoun	nor
Siukonen	properNoun	swe	Siukonen	properNoun	nor
Issat	properNoun	swe	Issat	properNoun	nor
Ronny	properNoun	swe	Ronny	properNoun	nor
Lauten	properNoun	swe	Lauten	properNoun	nor
Hamari	properNoun	swe	Hamari	properNoun	nor
Joni	properNoun	swe	Joni	properNoun	nor
Emi	properNoun	swe	Emi	properNoun	nor
Lotte	properNoun	swe	Lotte	properNoun	nor
Povl	properNoun	swe	Povl	properNoun	nor
Columbanus	properNoun	swe	Columbanus	properNoun	nor
Giovanni	properNoun	swe	Giovanni	properNoun	nor
Kylmänen	properNoun	swe	Kylmänen	properNoun	nor
El-Haddad	properNoun	swe	El-Haddad	properNoun	nor
Riddarevva	properNoun	swe	Riddarevva	properNoun	nor
Carlo	properNoun	swe	Carlo	properNoun	nor
Korpimäki	properNoun	swe	Korpimäki	properNoun	nor
Uppsala	properNoun	swe	Uppsala	properNoun	nor
Kampala	properNoun	swe	Kampala	properNoun	nor
Rautiola	properNoun	swe	Rautiola	properNoun	nor
Jonn	properNoun	swe	Jonn	properNoun	nor
Jalli	properNoun	swe	Jalli	properNoun	nor
Dilling	properNoun	swe	Dilling	properNoun	nor
Jokimies	properNoun	swe	Jokimies	properNoun	nor
Emma	properNoun	swe	Emma	properNoun	nor
Sylane	properNoun	swe	Sylane	properNoun	nor
Vallesverf	properNoun	swe	Vallesverf	properNoun	nor
Luchow	properNoun	swe	Luchow	properNoun	nor
Orpheus	properNoun	swe	Orpheus	properNoun	nor
Rauvola	properNoun	swe	Rauvola	properNoun	nor
Mjør	properNoun	swe	Mjør	properNoun	nor
Brahms	properNoun	swe	Brahms	properNoun	nor
Håkon	properNoun	swe	Håkon	properNoun	nor
Zinaida	properNoun	swe	Zinaida	properNoun	nor
Stamnes	properNoun	swe	Stamnes	properNoun	nor
Mjøs	properNoun	swe	Mjøs	properNoun	nor
Lehtiniemi	properNoun	swe	Lehtiniemi	properNoun	nor
Korkina	properNoun	swe	Korkina	properNoun	nor
Emme	properNoun	swe	Emme	properNoun	nor
Volden	properNoun	swe	Volden	properNoun	nor
Pladsen	properNoun	swe	Pladsen	properNoun	nor
Mefistofeles	properNoun	swe	Mefistofeles	properNoun	nor
Åmodt	properNoun	swe	Åmodt	properNoun	nor
Varvikko	properNoun	swe	Varvikko	properNoun	nor
Enojärvi	properNoun	swe	Enojärvi	properNoun	nor
Manaka	properNoun	swe	Manaka	properNoun	nor
Lykke	properNoun	swe	Lykke	properNoun	nor
Iralu	properNoun	swe	Iralu	properNoun	nor
Ivvárvárri	properNoun	swe	Ivvárvárri	properNoun	nor
Görlitz	properNoun	swe	Görlitz	properNoun	nor
Emmi	properNoun	swe	Emmi	properNoun	nor
Beahceleahki	properNoun	swe	Beahceleahki	properNoun	nor
Tiller	properNoun	swe	Tiller	properNoun	nor
Kiviniemi	properNoun	swe	Kiviniemi	properNoun	nor
Junttenuorri	properNoun	swe	Junttenuorri	properNoun	nor
Jobab	properNoun	swe	Jobab	properNoun	nor
Riika	properNoun	swe	Riika	properNoun	nor
Ryd	properNoun	swe	Ryd	properNoun	nor
Vestrum	properNoun	swe	Vestrum	properNoun	nor
Sellæg	properNoun	swe	Sellæg	properNoun	nor
Rieser	properNoun	swe	Rieser	properNoun	nor
Mowinckel	properNoun	swe	Mowinckel	properNoun	nor
Pernilde	properNoun	swe	Pernilde	properNoun	nor
Rye	properNoun	swe	Rye	properNoun	nor
Hassinen	properNoun	swe	Hassinen	properNoun	nor
Borten	properNoun	swe	Borten	properNoun	nor
Vikingbanken	properNoun	swe	Vikingbanken	properNoun	nor
Odda	properNoun	swe	Odda	properNoun	nor
Sojakka	properNoun	swe	Sojakka	properNoun	nor
Pålstuen	properNoun	swe	Pålstuen	properNoun	nor
Tiberiassjøen	properNoun	swe	Tiberiassjøen	properNoun	nor
Barkåker	properNoun	swe	Barkåker	properNoun	nor
Honolulu	properNoun	swe	Honolulu	properNoun	nor
Skravestad	properNoun	swe	Skravestad	properNoun	nor
Passila	properNoun	swe	Passila	properNoun	nor
Raussi	properNoun	swe	Raussi	properNoun	nor
Jeansa	properNoun	swe	Jeansa	properNoun	nor
Toralf	properNoun	swe	Toralf	properNoun	nor
Johanna	properNoun	swe	Johanna	properNoun	nor
Bekkevar	properNoun	swe	Bekkevar	properNoun	nor
Tryfos	properNoun	swe	Tryfos	properNoun	nor
Ryk	properNoun	swe	Ryk	properNoun	nor
Leirpollen	properNoun	swe	Leirpollen	properNoun	nor
Cauvin	properNoun	swe	Cauvin	properNoun	nor
Brunkeberg	properNoun	swe	Brunkeberg	properNoun	nor
Franskekysten	properNoun	swe	Franskekysten	properNoun	nor
Ustad	properNoun	swe	Ustad	properNoun	nor
Pätsi	properNoun	swe	Pätsi	properNoun	nor
Pihlajamäki	properNoun	swe	Pihlajamäki	properNoun	nor
Illi	properNoun	swe	Illi	properNoun	nor
Suomäki	properNoun	swe	Suomäki	properNoun	nor
Majalahti	properNoun	swe	Majalahti	properNoun	nor
Johanne	properNoun	swe	Johanne	properNoun	nor
Nicolaison	properNoun	swe	Nicolaison	properNoun	nor
Poikselkä	properNoun	swe	Poikselkä	properNoun	nor
Vesleasia	properNoun	swe	Vesleasia	properNoun	nor
Ovlla	properNoun	swe	Ovlla	properNoun	nor
Khorog	properNoun	swe	Khorog	properNoun	nor
Jonsá	properNoun	swe	Jonsá	properNoun	nor
Emmy	properNoun	swe	Emmy	properNoun	nor
Jim	properNoun	swe	Jim	properNoun	nor
Jørgen	properNoun	swe	Jørgen	properNoun	nor
Kimberley	properNoun	swe	Kimberley	properNoun	nor
Jin	properNoun	swe	Jin	properNoun	nor
Johanni	properNoun	swe	Johanni	properNoun	nor
Karlsen	properNoun	swe	Karlsen	properNoun	nor
Skotvet	properNoun	swe	Skotvet	properNoun	nor
Saksi	properNoun	swe	Saksi	properNoun	nor
Betzy	properNoun	swe	Betzy	properNoun	nor
Känsäkoski	properNoun	swe	Känsäkoski	properNoun	nor
Aske	properNoun	swe	Aske	properNoun	nor
Salamon	properNoun	swe	Salamon	properNoun	nor
Solhaug	properNoun	swe	Solhaug	properNoun	nor
Gjuke	properNoun	swe	Gjuke	properNoun	nor
Beatty	properNoun	swe	Beatty	properNoun	nor
Áillohaš	properNoun	swe	Áillohaš	properNoun	nor
VHF	properNoun	swe	VHF	properNoun	nor
Eric	properNoun	swe	Eric	properNoun	nor
Idunn	properNoun	swe	Idunn	properNoun	nor
Monstad	properNoun	swe	Monstad	properNoun	nor
Kontturi	properNoun	swe	Kontturi	properNoun	nor
Flåten	properNoun	swe	Flåten	properNoun	nor
Jiu	properNoun	swe	Jiu	properNoun	nor
Mørch	properNoun	swe	Mørch	properNoun	nor
Erie	properNoun	swe	Erie	properNoun	nor
Herstad	properNoun	swe	Herstad	properNoun	nor
Toralv	properNoun	swe	Toralv	properNoun	nor
Gurina	properNoun	swe	Gurina	properNoun	nor
Småland	properNoun	swe	Småland	properNoun	nor
Tuomisalo	properNoun	swe	Tuomisalo	properNoun	nor
Mørck	properNoun	swe	Mørck	properNoun	nor
Haapalehto	properNoun	swe	Haapalehto	properNoun	nor
Siemens	properNoun	swe	Siemens	properNoun	nor
Svenningsen	properNoun	swe	Svenningsen	properNoun	nor
Rungsted	properNoun	swe	Rungsted	properNoun	nor
Flick	properNoun	swe	Flick	properNoun	nor
Asko	properNoun	swe	Asko	properNoun	nor
Walter	properNoun	swe	Walter	properNoun	nor
Kunming	properNoun	swe	Kunming	properNoun	nor
Erik	properNoun	swe	Erik	properNoun	nor
Gurine	properNoun	swe	Gurine	properNoun	nor
Stormark	properNoun	swe	Stormark	properNoun	nor
Laguë	properNoun	swe	Laguë	properNoun	nor
Glamorgan	properNoun	swe	Glamorgan	properNoun	nor
Elvis	properNoun	swe	Elvis	properNoun	nor
Gunborg	properNoun	swe	Gunborg	properNoun	nor
Vehkakoski	properNoun	swe	Vehkakoski	properNoun	nor
Buchard	properNoun	swe	Buchard	properNoun	nor
Ommundsson	properNoun	swe	Ommundsson	properNoun	nor
Løge	properNoun	swe	Løge	properNoun	nor
Graversen	properNoun	swe	Graversen	properNoun	nor
Joona	properNoun	swe	Joona	properNoun	nor
Kilpinen	properNoun	swe	Kilpinen	properNoun	nor
VHS	properNoun	swe	VHS	properNoun	nor
Skimten	properNoun	swe	Skimten	properNoun	nor
Zambia	properNoun	swe	Zambia	properNoun	nor
Bredesen	properNoun	swe	Bredesen	properNoun	nor
Feyling	properNoun	swe	Feyling	properNoun	nor
Ellsworth	properNoun	swe	Ellsworth	properNoun	nor
Hinrichsen	properNoun	swe	Hinrichsen	properNoun	nor
Cochin	properNoun	swe	Cochin	properNoun	nor
Masal	properNoun	swe	Masal	properNoun	nor
Mati	properNoun	swe	Mati	properNoun	nor
Kupila	properNoun	swe	Kupila	properNoun	nor
Aarbakke	properNoun	swe	Aarbakke	properNoun	nor
Ål	properNoun	swe	Ål	properNoun	nor
Hagen	properNoun	swe	Hagen	properNoun	nor
Westamarin	properNoun	swe	Westamarin	properNoun	nor
Johnsdatter	properNoun	swe	Johnsdatter	properNoun	nor
Hommersåk	properNoun	swe	Hommersåk	properNoun	nor
Balstad	properNoun	swe	Balstad	properNoun	nor
May-Brith	properNoun	swe	May-Brith	properNoun	nor
Bibi	properNoun	swe	Bibi	properNoun	nor
Mikkelsen	properNoun	swe	Mikkelsen	properNoun	nor
Hazzelrot	properNoun	swe	Hazzelrot	properNoun	nor
Maija	properNoun	swe	Maija	properNoun	nor
Väätäjä	properNoun	swe	Väätäjä	properNoun	nor
Ovllá	properNoun	swe	Ovllá	properNoun	nor
Klausson	properNoun	swe	Klausson	properNoun	nor
School	properNoun	swe	School	properNoun	nor
Berntsson	properNoun	swe	Berntsson	properNoun	nor
Toppari	properNoun	swe	Toppari	properNoun	nor
Nøss	properNoun	swe	Nøss	properNoun	nor
Kaisla	properNoun	swe	Kaisla	properNoun	nor
Ringo	properNoun	swe	Ringo	properNoun	nor
Oen	properNoun	swe	Oen	properNoun	nor
Mato	properNoun	swe	Mato	properNoun	nor
Pöyhtäri	properNoun	swe	Pöyhtäri	properNoun	nor
Æneas	properNoun	swe	Æneas	properNoun	nor
Ås	properNoun	swe	Ås	properNoun	nor
Tajo	properNoun	swe	Tajo	properNoun	nor
Avignon	properNoun	swe	Avignon	properNoun	nor
Sottinen	properNoun	swe	Sottinen	properNoun	nor
Kvelde	properNoun	swe	Kvelde	properNoun	nor
Kautonen	properNoun	swe	Kautonen	properNoun	nor
Mats	properNoun	swe	Mats	properNoun	nor
Matt	properNoun	swe	Matt	properNoun	nor
Midhavet	properNoun	swe	Midhavet	properNoun	nor
End	properNoun	swe	End	properNoun	nor
Suontausta	properNoun	swe	Suontausta	properNoun	nor
Plovdiv	properNoun	swe	Plovdiv	properNoun	nor
Šemeber	properNoun	swe	Šemeber	properNoun	nor
Rásmos	properNoun	swe	Rásmos	properNoun	nor
Wallbom	properNoun	swe	Wallbom	properNoun	nor
Eng	properNoun	swe	Eng	properNoun	nor
Niilas	properNoun	swe	Niilas	properNoun	nor
Tamar	properNoun	swe	Tamar	properNoun	nor
May-Britt	properNoun	swe	May-Britt	properNoun	nor
Michelin	properNoun	swe	Michelin	properNoun	nor
Øvernes	properNoun	swe	Øvernes	properNoun	nor
Kjærstad	properNoun	swe	Kjærstad	properNoun	nor
Graae	properNoun	swe	Graae	properNoun	nor
Matz	properNoun	swe	Matz	properNoun	nor
Gezelius	properNoun	swe	Gezelius	properNoun	nor
Antiatlas	properNoun	swe	Antiatlas	properNoun	nor
Anfinn	properNoun	swe	Anfinn	properNoun	nor
Sivvar	properNoun	swe	Sivvar	properNoun	nor
Jahleel	properNoun	swe	Jahleel	properNoun	nor
Roska	properNoun	swe	Roska	properNoun	nor
Bjerck	properNoun	swe	Bjerck	properNoun	nor
Leppänen	properNoun	swe	Leppänen	properNoun	nor
Graah	properNoun	swe	Graah	properNoun	nor
Ovla	properNoun	swe	Ovla	properNoun	nor
Matthisen	properNoun	swe	Matthisen	properNoun	nor
Johnssen	properNoun	swe	Johnssen	properNoun	nor
Edvardson	properNoun	swe	Edvardson	properNoun	nor
Varberg	properNoun	swe	Varberg	properNoun	nor
Leiviskä	properNoun	swe	Leiviskä	properNoun	nor
Meldgaard	properNoun	swe	Meldgaard	properNoun	nor
Bianco	properNoun	swe	Bianco	properNoun	nor
Tingnes	properNoun	swe	Tingnes	properNoun	nor
Jokinen	properNoun	swe	Jokinen	properNoun	nor
Biehtárnjárga	properNoun	swe	Biehtárnjárga	properNoun	nor
Swadesh	properNoun	swe	Swadesh	properNoun	nor
Svensk	properNoun	swe	Svensk	properNoun	nor
Passi	properNoun	swe	Passi	properNoun	nor
L'Union	properNoun	swe	L'Union	properNoun	nor
Auestad	properNoun	swe	Auestad	properNoun	nor
Migáš	properNoun	swe	Migáš	properNoun	nor
Sinaiørkenen	properNoun	swe	Sinaiørkenen	properNoun	nor
Seeberg	properNoun	swe	Seeberg	properNoun	nor
Huuhtanen	properNoun	swe	Huuhtanen	properNoun	nor
Graan	properNoun	swe	Graan	properNoun	nor
Torsti	properNoun	swe	Torsti	properNoun	nor
Larson	properNoun	swe	Larson	properNoun	nor
Heggheim	properNoun	swe	Heggheim	properNoun	nor
Geist	properNoun	swe	Geist	properNoun	nor
Bøyum	properNoun	swe	Bøyum	properNoun	nor
Tai	properNoun	swe	Tai	properNoun	nor
Varho	properNoun	swe	Varho	properNoun	nor
Revheim	properNoun	swe	Revheim	properNoun	nor
Kippola	properNoun	swe	Kippola	properNoun	nor
Gylseth	properNoun	swe	Gylseth	properNoun	nor
Brandasund	properNoun	swe	Brandasund	properNoun	nor
Walesa	properNoun	swe	Walesa	properNoun	nor
Sutinen	properNoun	swe	Sutinen	properNoun	nor
Selkee	properNoun	swe	Selkee	properNoun	nor
Hirvikoski	properNoun	swe	Hirvikoski	properNoun	nor
Roslagen	properNoun	swe	Roslagen	properNoun	nor
Ænes	properNoun	swe	Ænes	properNoun	nor
Frydenberg	properNoun	swe	Frydenberg	properNoun	nor
Marjatta	properNoun	swe	Marjatta	properNoun	nor
Emelie	properNoun	swe	Emelie	properNoun	nor
Hydro	properNoun	swe	Hydro	properNoun	nor
Stephanus	properNoun	swe	Stephanus	properNoun	nor
Jotunheimen	properNoun	swe	Jotunheimen	properNoun	nor
Blommenholm	properNoun	swe	Blommenholm	properNoun	nor
Nyberg	properNoun	swe	Nyberg	properNoun	nor
Kjærgaard	properNoun	swe	Kjærgaard	properNoun	nor
Säkkinen	properNoun	swe	Säkkinen	properNoun	nor
Naukkarinen	properNoun	swe	Naukkarinen	properNoun	nor
Sture	properNoun	swe	Sture	properNoun	nor
Lomøy	properNoun	swe	Lomøy	properNoun	nor
Jomfrua	properNoun	swe	Jomfrua	properNoun	nor
Oluf	properNoun	swe	Oluf	properNoun	nor
Tanska	properNoun	swe	Tanska	properNoun	nor
Osvold	properNoun	swe	Osvold	properNoun	nor
Wollert	properNoun	swe	Wollert	properNoun	nor
Yvonne	properNoun	swe	Yvonne	properNoun	nor
Eileen	properNoun	swe	Eileen	properNoun	nor
Bertelsson	properNoun	swe	Bertelsson	properNoun	nor
Tau	properNoun	swe	Tau	properNoun	nor
Thompson	properNoun	swe	Thompson	properNoun	nor
Gusdal	properNoun	swe	Gusdal	properNoun	nor
Braekhus	properNoun	swe	Braekhus	properNoun	nor
Ala-Outinen	properNoun	swe	Ala-Outinen	properNoun	nor
Møns	properNoun	swe	Møns	properNoun	nor
Seland	properNoun	swe	Seland	properNoun	nor
Kuisma	properNoun	swe	Kuisma	properNoun	nor
Aurskog	properNoun	swe	Aurskog	properNoun	nor
Woche	properNoun	swe	Woche	properNoun	nor
Vahlberg	properNoun	swe	Vahlberg	properNoun	nor
Nurmenniemi	properNoun	swe	Nurmenniemi	properNoun	nor
Räikkä	properNoun	swe	Räikkä	properNoun	nor
Halsted	properNoun	swe	Halsted	properNoun	nor
Fofanoff	properNoun	swe	Fofanoff	properNoun	nor
Asle	properNoun	swe	Asle	properNoun	nor
Sehested	properNoun	swe	Sehested	properNoun	nor
Helsfyr	properNoun	swe	Helsfyr	properNoun	nor
Camre	properNoun	swe	Camre	properNoun	nor
Anveig	properNoun	swe	Anveig	properNoun	nor
Haaland	properNoun	swe	Haaland	properNoun	nor
Asunmaa	properNoun	swe	Asunmaa	properNoun	nor
VIF	properNoun	swe	VIF	properNoun	nor
Isotalo	properNoun	swe	Isotalo	properNoun	nor
Gyland	properNoun	swe	Gyland	properNoun	nor
Werder	properNoun	swe	Werder	properNoun	nor
Sølve	properNoun	swe	Sølve	properNoun	nor
Oder	properNoun	swe	Oder	properNoun	nor
Asbjørg	properNoun	swe	Asbjørg	properNoun	nor
Bymarka	properNoun	swe	Bymarka	properNoun	nor
Jonetta	properNoun	swe	Jonetta	properNoun	nor
Sendmailer	properNoun	swe	Sendmailer	properNoun	nor
Finnilä	properNoun	swe	Finnilä	properNoun	nor
Airport	properNoun	swe	Airport	properNoun	nor
Arneberg	properNoun	swe	Arneberg	properNoun	nor
Sjølshagen	properNoun	swe	Sjølshagen	properNoun	nor
Vegard	properNoun	swe	Vegard	properNoun	nor
Sølvi	properNoun	swe	Sølvi	properNoun	nor
Girstteluhpojávri	properNoun	swe	Girstteluhpojávri	properNoun	nor
Langen	properNoun	swe	Langen	properNoun	nor
Kuningatar	properNoun	swe	Kuningatar	properNoun	nor
Jonette	properNoun	swe	Jonette	properNoun	nor
Pokela	properNoun	swe	Pokela	properNoun	nor
Sarpsborg	properNoun	swe	Sarpsborg	properNoun	nor
Pirkkalainen	properNoun	swe	Pirkkalainen	properNoun	nor
Frikstad	properNoun	swe	Frikstad	properNoun	nor
Djibouti	properNoun	swe	Djibouti	properNoun	nor
Majamaa	properNoun	swe	Majamaa	properNoun	nor
Logje	properNoun	swe	Logje	properNoun	nor
Borchgrevink	properNoun	swe	Borchgrevink	properNoun	nor
Asbjørn	properNoun	swe	Asbjørn	properNoun	nor
Leuven	properNoun	swe	Leuven	properNoun	nor
Hánnomaras	properNoun	swe	Hánnomaras	properNoun	nor
Helgeson	properNoun	swe	Helgeson	properNoun	nor
Marthinussen	properNoun	swe	Marthinussen	properNoun	nor
Merleau-Ponty	properNoun	swe	Merleau-Ponty	properNoun	nor
Siira	properNoun	swe	Siira	properNoun	nor
Maud	properNoun	swe	Maud	properNoun	nor
Øystese	properNoun	swe	Øystese	properNoun	nor
Wiesener	properNoun	swe	Wiesener	properNoun	nor
Southampton	properNoun	swe	Southampton	properNoun	nor
Vevring	properNoun	swe	Vevring	properNoun	nor
Wilhjelm	properNoun	swe	Wilhjelm	properNoun	nor
Kaifas	properNoun	swe	Kaifas	properNoun	nor
Slettum	properNoun	swe	Slettum	properNoun	nor
Kumpulainen	properNoun	swe	Kumpulainen	properNoun	nor
Bratberg	properNoun	swe	Bratberg	properNoun	nor
Tharaldssen	properNoun	swe	Tharaldssen	properNoun	nor
Mággá	properNoun	swe	Mággá	properNoun	nor
Wilkeseana	properNoun	swe	Wilkeseana	properNoun	nor
Duchennes	properNoun	swe	Duchennes	properNoun	nor
Siiri	properNoun	swe	Siiri	properNoun	nor
Velle	properNoun	swe	Velle	properNoun	nor
Igeldas	properNoun	swe	Igeldas	properNoun	nor
Kammers	properNoun	swe	Kammers	properNoun	nor
Summanen	properNoun	swe	Summanen	properNoun	nor
Jurvelin	properNoun	swe	Jurvelin	properNoun	nor
Alehttá	properNoun	swe	Alehttá	properNoun	nor
Krøpelien	properNoun	swe	Krøpelien	properNoun	nor
Reinikainen	properNoun	swe	Reinikainen	properNoun	nor
Hämynen	properNoun	swe	Hämynen	properNoun	nor
Vanhalakka	properNoun	swe	Vanhalakka	properNoun	nor
Lorentssen	properNoun	swe	Lorentssen	properNoun	nor
Tanskanen	properNoun	swe	Tanskanen	properNoun	nor
Jons-Earke	properNoun	swe	Jons-Earke	properNoun	nor
Casiquiare	properNoun	swe	Casiquiare	properNoun	nor
Moland	properNoun	swe	Moland	properNoun	nor
Ylipelkonen	properNoun	swe	Ylipelkonen	properNoun	nor
Tapanainen	properNoun	swe	Tapanainen	properNoun	nor
Tampio	properNoun	swe	Tampio	properNoun	nor
Ikäheimonen	properNoun	swe	Ikäheimonen	properNoun	nor
Albinsson	properNoun	swe	Albinsson	properNoun	nor
Jope	properNoun	swe	Jope	properNoun	nor
Jomfruøyene	properNoun	swe	Jomfruøyene	properNoun	nor
Kirgisia	properNoun	swe	Kirgisia	properNoun	nor
Frilseth	properNoun	swe	Frilseth	properNoun	nor
Rihtáčopma	properNoun	swe	Rihtáčopma	properNoun	nor
Marcussen	properNoun	swe	Marcussen	properNoun	nor
DBS	properNoun	swe	DBS	properNoun	nor
Paavola	properNoun	swe	Paavola	properNoun	nor
Barkald	properNoun	swe	Barkald	properNoun	nor
Tambs	properNoun	swe	Tambs	properNoun	nor
Suntio	properNoun	swe	Suntio	properNoun	nor
Ferstad	properNoun	swe	Ferstad	properNoun	nor
Sakhalin	properNoun	swe	Sakhalin	properNoun	nor
Røros	properNoun	swe	Røros	properNoun	nor
Lapiolahti	properNoun	swe	Lapiolahti	properNoun	nor
Kalahariørkenen	properNoun	swe	Kalahariørkenen	properNoun	nor
Vuolajohka	properNoun	swe	Vuolajohka	properNoun	nor
Fabius	properNoun	swe	Fabius	properNoun	nor
Asilki	properNoun	swe	Asilki	properNoun	nor
Rantanen	properNoun	swe	Rantanen	properNoun	nor
Drachmann	properNoun	swe	Drachmann	properNoun	nor
Arrisbye	properNoun	swe	Arrisbye	properNoun	nor
Wood	properNoun	swe	Wood	properNoun	nor
Vest-Noreg	properNoun	swe	Vest-Noreg	properNoun	nor
Davidsson	properNoun	swe	Davidsson	properNoun	nor
Winger	properNoun	swe	Winger	properNoun	nor
Vikki	properNoun	swe	Vikki	properNoun	nor
Rainio	properNoun	swe	Rainio	properNoun	nor
Bergerud	properNoun	swe	Bergerud	properNoun	nor
Tyssedal	properNoun	swe	Tyssedal	properNoun	nor
Hoell	properNoun	swe	Hoell	properNoun	nor
Capone	properNoun	swe	Capone	properNoun	nor
Oksanen	properNoun	swe	Oksanen	properNoun	nor
Jopp	properNoun	swe	Jopp	properNoun	nor
Horttanainen	properNoun	swe	Horttanainen	properNoun	nor
Saltfjellet	properNoun	swe	Saltfjellet	properNoun	nor
Solbjørg	properNoun	swe	Solbjørg	properNoun	nor
Hannibal	properNoun	swe	Hannibal	properNoun	nor
Casper	properNoun	swe	Casper	properNoun	nor
Tuomiranta	properNoun	swe	Tuomiranta	properNoun	nor
Poikonen	properNoun	swe	Poikonen	properNoun	nor
Eos	properNoun	swe	Eos	properNoun	nor
Laihinen	properNoun	swe	Laihinen	properNoun	nor
Airaksinen	properNoun	swe	Airaksinen	properNoun	nor
Biscayabukta	properNoun	swe	Biscayabukta	properNoun	nor
Tor-Even	properNoun	swe	Tor-Even	properNoun	nor
Gianni	properNoun	swe	Gianni	properNoun	nor
Actinorkonsernet	properNoun	swe	Actinorkonsernet	properNoun	nor
Dessarud	properNoun	swe	Dessarud	properNoun	nor
Blekastad	properNoun	swe	Blekastad	properNoun	nor
Tyllinen	properNoun	swe	Tyllinen	properNoun	nor
Torkel	properNoun	swe	Torkel	properNoun	nor
Sula	properNoun	swe	Sula	properNoun	nor
Elleskáidi	properNoun	swe	Elleskáidi	properNoun	nor
Varis	properNoun	swe	Varis	properNoun	nor
Sparrock	properNoun	swe	Sparrock	properNoun	nor
Lassila	properNoun	swe	Lassila	properNoun	nor
Frisell	properNoun	swe	Frisell	properNoun	nor
Lennart	properNoun	swe	Lennart	properNoun	nor
Hungnam	properNoun	swe	Hungnam	properNoun	nor
Saupstad	properNoun	swe	Saupstad	properNoun	nor
Sauli	properNoun	swe	Sauli	properNoun	nor
Enøk	properNoun	swe	Enøk	properNoun	nor
Koppang	properNoun	swe	Koppang	properNoun	nor
Båstad	properNoun	swe	Båstad	properNoun	nor
Paakkari	properNoun	swe	Paakkari	properNoun	nor
Iver	properNoun	swe	Iver	properNoun	nor
Gáhte	properNoun	swe	Gáhte	properNoun	nor
Superfos	properNoun	swe	Superfos	properNoun	nor
Nîmes	properNoun	swe	Nîmes	properNoun	nor
Mangi	properNoun	swe	Mangi	properNoun	nor
Olve	properNoun	swe	Olve	properNoun	nor
Mohammad	properNoun	swe	Mohammad	properNoun	nor
Mikkelssen	properNoun	swe	Mikkelssen	properNoun	nor
Straumen	properNoun	swe	Straumen	properNoun	nor
Simojoki	properNoun	swe	Simojoki	properNoun	nor
Åsta	properNoun	swe	Åsta	properNoun	nor
Oftung	properNoun	swe	Oftung	properNoun	nor
Miettinen	properNoun	swe	Miettinen	properNoun	nor
Torheim	properNoun	swe	Torheim	properNoun	nor
Tielinen	properNoun	swe	Tielinen	properNoun	nor
Mäkimartti	properNoun	swe	Mäkimartti	properNoun	nor
Hagerup	properNoun	swe	Hagerup	properNoun	nor
Bjørg	properNoun	swe	Bjørg	properNoun	nor
Sundvord	properNoun	swe	Sundvord	properNoun	nor
Kohtala	properNoun	swe	Kohtala	properNoun	nor
Ylikoski	properNoun	swe	Ylikoski	properNoun	nor
Arctander	properNoun	swe	Arctander	properNoun	nor
Andelin	properNoun	swe	Andelin	properNoun	nor
Høiland	properNoun	swe	Høiland	properNoun	nor
Tyynismaa	properNoun	swe	Tyynismaa	properNoun	nor
Lukkari	properNoun	swe	Lukkari	properNoun	nor
Beddari	properNoun	swe	Beddari	properNoun	nor
Sulo	properNoun	swe	Sulo	properNoun	nor
Perry	properNoun	swe	Perry	properNoun	nor
Gideon	properNoun	swe	Gideon	properNoun	nor
Karlsruhe	properNoun	swe	Karlsruhe	properNoun	nor
Tynjälä	properNoun	swe	Tynjälä	properNoun	nor
Nikkari	properNoun	swe	Nikkari	properNoun	nor
Bjørk	properNoun	swe	Bjørk	properNoun	nor
Memel	properNoun	swe	Memel	properNoun	nor
Saksgård	properNoun	swe	Saksgård	properNoun	nor
Kaukiainen	properNoun	swe	Kaukiainen	properNoun	nor
Liehuri	properNoun	swe	Liehuri	properNoun	nor
States	properNoun	swe	States	properNoun	nor
Tarberg	properNoun	swe	Tarberg	properNoun	nor
Ravila	properNoun	swe	Ravila	properNoun	nor
Käkönen	properNoun	swe	Käkönen	properNoun	nor
Álet	properNoun	swe	Álet	properNoun	nor
Worren	properNoun	swe	Worren	properNoun	nor
Matriculen	properNoun	swe	Matriculen	properNoun	nor
Hårstad	properNoun	swe	Hårstad	properNoun	nor
Arnstein	properNoun	swe	Arnstein	properNoun	nor
Ringnes	properNoun	swe	Ringnes	properNoun	nor
Fossum	properNoun	swe	Fossum	properNoun	nor
Hertogenbosch	properNoun	swe	Hertogenbosch	properNoun	nor
Fransk	properNoun	swe	Fransk	properNoun	nor
Skui	properNoun	swe	Skui	properNoun	nor
Throndssen	properNoun	swe	Throndssen	properNoun	nor
Erke	properNoun	swe	Erke	properNoun	nor
Vuollevuohpevárri	properNoun	swe	Vuollevuohpevárri	properNoun	nor
Bjøru	properNoun	swe	Bjøru	properNoun	nor
Børreson	properNoun	swe	Børreson	properNoun	nor
Lindås	properNoun	swe	Lindås	properNoun	nor
Metsämäki	properNoun	swe	Metsämäki	properNoun	nor
Menchú	properNoun	swe	Menchú	properNoun	nor
Skum	properNoun	swe	Skum	properNoun	nor
Tufte	properNoun	swe	Tufte	properNoun	nor
Asovhavet	properNoun	swe	Asovhavet	properNoun	nor
Laulumaa	properNoun	swe	Laulumaa	properNoun	nor
Kvirinius	properNoun	swe	Kvirinius	properNoun	nor
Koivuniemi	properNoun	swe	Koivuniemi	properNoun	nor
Iŋgor	properNoun	swe	Iŋgor	properNoun	nor
Selonen	properNoun	swe	Selonen	properNoun	nor
Ryhänen	properNoun	swe	Ryhänen	properNoun	nor
L'Orfeo	properNoun	swe	L'Orfeo	properNoun	nor
Iŋggávárri	properNoun	swe	Iŋggávárri	properNoun	nor
Greenpeace	properNoun	swe	Greenpeace	properNoun	nor
Mávdnu	properNoun	swe	Mávdnu	properNoun	nor
Tala	properNoun	swe	Tala	properNoun	nor
Paasonen	properNoun	swe	Paasonen	properNoun	nor
Kampuchea	properNoun	swe	Kampuchea	properNoun	nor
Karikoski	properNoun	swe	Karikoski	properNoun	nor
Øksnes	properNoun	swe	Øksnes	properNoun	nor
Gand	properNoun	swe	Gand	properNoun	nor
Bråstad	properNoun	swe	Bråstad	properNoun	nor
Elssá	properNoun	swe	Elssá	properNoun	nor
Byberg	properNoun	swe	Byberg	properNoun	nor
Uutela	properNoun	swe	Uutela	properNoun	nor
Rafto	properNoun	swe	Rafto	properNoun	nor
Liltved	properNoun	swe	Liltved	properNoun	nor
KFUK	properNoun	swe	KFUK	properNoun	nor
Jorsal	properNoun	swe	Jorsal	properNoun	nor
Tale	properNoun	swe	Tale	properNoun	nor
Drevsjø	properNoun	swe	Drevsjø	properNoun	nor
Gang	properNoun	swe	Gang	properNoun	nor
KFUM	properNoun	swe	KFUM	properNoun	nor
Ruonakoski	properNoun	swe	Ruonakoski	properNoun	nor
Myrberg	properNoun	swe	Myrberg	properNoun	nor
Hanska	properNoun	swe	Hanska	properNoun	nor
Guvvá	properNoun	swe	Guvvá	properNoun	nor
Molly	properNoun	swe	Molly	properNoun	nor
Nicolaysson	properNoun	swe	Nicolaysson	properNoun	nor
Gieril	properNoun	swe	Gieril	properNoun	nor
Albertnjárga	properNoun	swe	Albertnjárga	properNoun	nor
Syvert	properNoun	swe	Syvert	properNoun	nor
LSK	properNoun	swe	LSK	properNoun	nor
Väkeväinen	properNoun	swe	Väkeväinen	properNoun	nor
Nisonen	properNoun	swe	Nisonen	properNoun	nor
Jukkara	properNoun	swe	Jukkara	properNoun	nor
Holkestad	properNoun	swe	Holkestad	properNoun	nor
GWh	properNoun	swe	GWh	properNoun	nor
Klara	properNoun	swe	Klara	properNoun	nor
Washington	properNoun	swe	Washington	properNoun	nor
Phnom	properNoun	swe	Phnom	properNoun	nor
Hill	properNoun	swe	Hill	properNoun	nor
Kjeldsberg	properNoun	swe	Kjeldsberg	properNoun	nor
Guvåg	properNoun	swe	Guvåg	properNoun	nor
Elstad	properNoun	swe	Elstad	properNoun	nor
Lyngstad	properNoun	swe	Lyngstad	properNoun	nor
Skreia	properNoun	swe	Skreia	properNoun	nor
Heinänen	properNoun	swe	Heinänen	properNoun	nor
Heidegger	properNoun	swe	Heidegger	properNoun	nor
Crassus	properNoun	swe	Crassus	properNoun	nor
Antarktis	properNoun	swe	Antarktis	properNoun	nor
Spiik	properNoun	swe	Spiik	properNoun	nor
Hilo	properNoun	swe	Hilo	properNoun	nor
Perseus	properNoun	swe	Perseus	properNoun	nor
Hanski	properNoun	swe	Hanski	properNoun	nor
COMECON	properNoun	swe	COMECON	properNoun	nor
Simonsen	properNoun	swe	Simonsen	properNoun	nor
Taraldsson	properNoun	swe	Taraldsson	properNoun	nor
Sør-Yemen	properNoun	swe	Sør-Yemen	properNoun	nor
Risvik	properNoun	swe	Risvik	properNoun	nor
Nummila	properNoun	swe	Nummila	properNoun	nor
Grisa	properNoun	swe	Grisa	properNoun	nor
Annelise	properNoun	swe	Annelise	properNoun	nor
Lerche	properNoun	swe	Lerche	properNoun	nor
Gant	properNoun	swe	Gant	properNoun	nor
Denofa	properNoun	swe	Denofa	properNoun	nor
Sletting	properNoun	swe	Sletting	properNoun	nor
Artur	properNoun	swe	Artur	properNoun	nor
Shah	properNoun	swe	Shah	properNoun	nor
Pilvi	properNoun	swe	Pilvi	properNoun	nor
Sárásuolu	properNoun	swe	Sárásuolu	properNoun	nor
Seebold	properNoun	swe	Seebold	properNoun	nor
Rehobot	properNoun	swe	Rehobot	properNoun	nor
Trøgstad	properNoun	swe	Trøgstad	properNoun	nor
Mittet	properNoun	swe	Mittet	properNoun	nor
Porrassalmi	properNoun	swe	Porrassalmi	properNoun	nor
Muhammed	properNoun	swe	Muhammed	properNoun	nor
Carol	properNoun	swe	Carol	properNoun	nor
Formosa	properNoun	swe	Formosa	properNoun	nor
Hesron	properNoun	swe	Hesron	properNoun	nor
Grace	properNoun	swe	Grace	properNoun	nor
Iŋggároggi	properNoun	swe	Iŋggároggi	properNoun	nor
Taedong	properNoun	swe	Taedong	properNoun	nor
Hartikainen	properNoun	swe	Hartikainen	properNoun	nor
Jitran	properNoun	swe	Jitran	properNoun	nor
Shan	properNoun	swe	Shan	properNoun	nor
Mossadegh	properNoun	swe	Mossadegh	properNoun	nor
Fabricius	properNoun	swe	Fabricius	properNoun	nor
Perämäki	properNoun	swe	Perämäki	properNoun	nor
Devor	properNoun	swe	Devor	properNoun	nor
Falster	properNoun	swe	Falster	properNoun	nor
Engelbrecht	properNoun	swe	Engelbrecht	properNoun	nor
Harris	properNoun	swe	Harris	properNoun	nor
Pettersson	properNoun	swe	Pettersson	properNoun	nor
Kojola	properNoun	swe	Kojola	properNoun	nor
Inker-Anne	properNoun	swe	Inker-Anne	properNoun	nor
Vågsbygd	properNoun	swe	Vågsbygd	properNoun	nor
Åtvidaberg	properNoun	swe	Åtvidaberg	properNoun	nor
Outinen	properNoun	swe	Outinen	properNoun	nor
Jezd	properNoun	swe	Jezd	properNoun	nor
May-Bente	properNoun	swe	May-Bente	properNoun	nor
Amalek	properNoun	swe	Amalek	properNoun	nor
Herold	properNoun	swe	Herold	properNoun	nor
Shaw	properNoun	swe	Shaw	properNoun	nor
Kolpus	properNoun	swe	Kolpus	properNoun	nor
Ovaska	properNoun	swe	Ovaska	properNoun	nor
Langgård	properNoun	swe	Langgård	properNoun	nor
Varjo	properNoun	swe	Varjo	properNoun	nor
Lauritssen	properNoun	swe	Lauritssen	properNoun	nor
Näsänen	properNoun	swe	Näsänen	properNoun	nor
Mettänen	properNoun	swe	Mettänen	properNoun	nor
Manker	properNoun	swe	Manker	properNoun	nor
Kesälahti	properNoun	swe	Kesälahti	properNoun	nor
Innala	properNoun	swe	Innala	properNoun	nor
Viddal	properNoun	swe	Viddal	properNoun	nor
Sangolt	properNoun	swe	Sangolt	properNoun	nor
Riina	properNoun	swe	Riina	properNoun	nor
Matrjohin	properNoun	swe	Matrjohin	properNoun	nor
Halmela	properNoun	swe	Halmela	properNoun	nor
Rönkkönen	properNoun	swe	Rönkkönen	properNoun	nor
Nesflaten	properNoun	swe	Nesflaten	properNoun	nor
Mattias	properNoun	swe	Mattias	properNoun	nor
Ringstad	properNoun	swe	Ringstad	properNoun	nor
Riser	properNoun	swe	Riser	properNoun	nor
Golf-krigen	properNoun	swe	Golf-krigen	properNoun	nor
Savikurki	properNoun	swe	Savikurki	properNoun	nor
Kavli	properNoun	swe	Kavli	properNoun	nor
Staulen	properNoun	swe	Staulen	properNoun	nor
Lähteenmaa	properNoun	swe	Lähteenmaa	properNoun	nor
Ijäs	properNoun	swe	Ijäs	properNoun	nor
Christofferson	properNoun	swe	Christofferson	properNoun	nor
Lebesby	properNoun	swe	Lebesby	properNoun	nor
Sinor	properNoun	swe	Sinor	properNoun	nor
Pukarinen	properNoun	swe	Pukarinen	properNoun	nor
Halseth	properNoun	swe	Halseth	properNoun	nor
Nilppi	properNoun	swe	Nilppi	properNoun	nor
Ilmari	properNoun	swe	Ilmari	properNoun	nor
Viddas	properNoun	swe	Viddas	properNoun	nor
Cannes	properNoun	swe	Cannes	properNoun	nor
Røssvassbukt	properNoun	swe	Røssvassbukt	properNoun	nor
Juoperi	properNoun	swe	Juoperi	properNoun	nor
Annlaug	properNoun	swe	Annlaug	properNoun	nor
Kappadokias	properNoun	swe	Kappadokias	properNoun	nor
Nubiske	properNoun	swe	Nubiske	properNoun	nor
Manchester	properNoun	swe	Manchester	properNoun	nor
Gudbrandsen	properNoun	swe	Gudbrandsen	properNoun	nor
Brøndsted	properNoun	swe	Brøndsted	properNoun	nor
Tabernae	properNoun	swe	Tabernae	properNoun	nor
Tranby	properNoun	swe	Tranby	properNoun	nor
Duommágurra	properNoun	swe	Duommágurra	properNoun	nor
Svinseng	properNoun	swe	Svinseng	properNoun	nor
Grevle	properNoun	swe	Grevle	properNoun	nor
Gjelsten	properNoun	swe	Gjelsten	properNoun	nor
Damsgaard	properNoun	swe	Damsgaard	properNoun	nor
Hypatia	properNoun	swe	Hypatia	properNoun	nor
Honduras	properNoun	swe	Honduras	properNoun	nor
Goldenjávri	properNoun	swe	Goldenjávri	properNoun	nor
Vitikainen	properNoun	swe	Vitikainen	properNoun	nor
Formo	properNoun	swe	Formo	properNoun	nor
Strandenes	properNoun	swe	Strandenes	properNoun	nor
Lawrence	properNoun	swe	Lawrence	properNoun	nor
Gjøvik	properNoun	swe	Gjøvik	properNoun	nor
Mankonen	properNoun	swe	Mankonen	properNoun	nor
Temilotzin	properNoun	swe	Temilotzin	properNoun	nor
Ánderijá	properNoun	swe	Ánderijá	properNoun	nor
Thelma	properNoun	swe	Thelma	properNoun	nor
Snillfjord	properNoun	swe	Snillfjord	properNoun	nor
Heikkala	properNoun	swe	Heikkala	properNoun	nor
Kanaløyene	properNoun	swe	Kanaløyene	properNoun	nor
Finland	properNoun	swe	Finland	properNoun	nor
Kniivilä	properNoun	swe	Kniivilä	properNoun	nor
Jens-Jørgen	properNoun	swe	Jens-Jørgen	properNoun	nor
Erle	properNoun	swe	Erle	properNoun	nor
Vilkula	properNoun	swe	Vilkula	properNoun	nor
Bearamohkki	properNoun	swe	Bearamohkki	properNoun	nor
Anderssen	properNoun	swe	Anderssen	properNoun	nor
Sairio	properNoun	swe	Sairio	properNoun	nor
Kainlauri	properNoun	swe	Kainlauri	properNoun	nor
Toresen	properNoun	swe	Toresen	properNoun	nor
Yrjänheikki	properNoun	swe	Yrjänheikki	properNoun	nor
Sárávuopmi	properNoun	swe	Sárávuopmi	properNoun	nor
Nanna	properNoun	swe	Nanna	properNoun	nor
Punna	properNoun	swe	Punna	properNoun	nor
Skorpionen	properNoun	swe	Skorpionen	properNoun	nor
Wroldsen	properNoun	swe	Wroldsen	properNoun	nor
Tillonen	properNoun	swe	Tillonen	properNoun	nor
Rognli	properNoun	swe	Rognli	properNoun	nor
Mahanajim	properNoun	swe	Mahanajim	properNoun	nor
Storli	properNoun	swe	Storli	properNoun	nor
Steine	properNoun	swe	Steine	properNoun	nor
Sauherad	properNoun	swe	Sauherad	properNoun	nor
Vasama	properNoun	swe	Vasama	properNoun	nor
Opgård	properNoun	swe	Opgård	properNoun	nor
Kolloen	properNoun	swe	Kolloen	properNoun	nor
Ivarsen	properNoun	swe	Ivarsen	properNoun	nor
Taškent	properNoun	swe	Taškent	properNoun	nor
Nuvsvåg	properNoun	swe	Nuvsvåg	properNoun	nor
Kotro	properNoun	swe	Kotro	properNoun	nor
Pearyeana	properNoun	swe	Pearyeana	properNoun	nor
Movsses	properNoun	swe	Movsses	properNoun	nor
Rauha	properNoun	swe	Rauha	properNoun	nor
Karl-Marx-stadt	properNoun	swe	Karl-Marx-stadt	properNoun	nor
NORTRA	properNoun	swe	NORTRA	properNoun	nor
Aage	properNoun	swe	Aage	properNoun	nor
Prittinen	properNoun	swe	Prittinen	properNoun	nor
Frantz	properNoun	swe	Frantz	properNoun	nor
Krustsjov	properNoun	swe	Krustsjov	properNoun	nor
Fåvang	properNoun	swe	Fåvang	properNoun	nor
Lankila	properNoun	swe	Lankila	properNoun	nor
Parviainen	properNoun	swe	Parviainen	properNoun	nor
Holther	properNoun	swe	Holther	properNoun	nor
Miennajávri	properNoun	swe	Miennajávri	properNoun	nor
Kulju	properNoun	swe	Kulju	properNoun	nor
Jølstad	properNoun	swe	Jølstad	properNoun	nor
Elden	properNoun	swe	Elden	properNoun	nor
Biel	properNoun	swe	Biel	properNoun	nor
Michelle	properNoun	swe	Michelle	properNoun	nor
Kolbu	properNoun	swe	Kolbu	properNoun	nor
Hurmerinta	properNoun	swe	Hurmerinta	properNoun	nor
Hilpinen	properNoun	swe	Hilpinen	properNoun	nor
Deahppán	properNoun	swe	Deahppán	properNoun	nor
Nilssen	properNoun	swe	Nilssen	properNoun	nor
Ann-Christin	properNoun	swe	Ann-Christin	properNoun	nor
Tetri	properNoun	swe	Tetri	properNoun	nor
Mestad	properNoun	swe	Mestad	properNoun	nor
Bien	properNoun	swe	Bien	properNoun	nor
Persevs	properNoun	swe	Persevs	properNoun	nor
Jessheim	properNoun	swe	Jessheim	properNoun	nor
Minneapolis	properNoun	swe	Minneapolis	properNoun	nor
Silvaner	properNoun	swe	Silvaner	properNoun	nor
Kolby	properNoun	swe	Kolby	properNoun	nor
Huomo	properNoun	swe	Huomo	properNoun	nor
Hufthamar	properNoun	swe	Hufthamar	properNoun	nor
Berstad	properNoun	swe	Berstad	properNoun	nor
Wathne	properNoun	swe	Wathne	properNoun	nor
Addis	properNoun	swe	Addis	properNoun	nor
Vänttinen	properNoun	swe	Vänttinen	properNoun	nor
Merck	properNoun	swe	Merck	properNoun	nor
Jord	properNoun	swe	Jord	properNoun	nor
Hims	properNoun	swe	Hims	properNoun	nor
Bier	properNoun	swe	Bier	properNoun	nor
Nilke	properNoun	swe	Nilke	properNoun	nor
Jojakin	properNoun	swe	Jojakin	properNoun	nor
Nilsine	properNoun	swe	Nilsine	properNoun	nor
DDR	properNoun	swe	DDR	properNoun	nor
Taskula	properNoun	swe	Taskula	properNoun	nor
Scherpf	properNoun	swe	Scherpf	properNoun	nor
Riihiaho	properNoun	swe	Riihiaho	properNoun	nor
Mälkiä	properNoun	swe	Mälkiä	properNoun	nor
Fritzner	properNoun	swe	Fritzner	properNoun	nor
Vullejeaggi	properNoun	swe	Vullejeaggi	properNoun	nor
Rástejeaggi	properNoun	swe	Rástejeaggi	properNoun	nor
Stensland	properNoun	swe	Stensland	properNoun	nor
Vekkeli	properNoun	swe	Vekkeli	properNoun	nor
Toivainen	properNoun	swe	Toivainen	properNoun	nor
Mänttäri	properNoun	swe	Mänttäri	properNoun	nor
Society	properNoun	swe	Society	properNoun	nor
Nanny	properNoun	swe	Nanny	properNoun	nor
Ottessen	properNoun	swe	Ottessen	properNoun	nor
Suorra	properNoun	swe	Suorra	properNoun	nor
Ryytty	properNoun	swe	Ryytty	properNoun	nor
Kuusinen	properNoun	swe	Kuusinen	properNoun	nor
Korpijaakko	properNoun	swe	Korpijaakko	properNoun	nor
Hökkä	properNoun	swe	Hökkä	properNoun	nor
Haukkala	properNoun	swe	Haukkala	properNoun	nor
Alling	properNoun	swe	Alling	properNoun	nor
Kangasaho	properNoun	swe	Kangasaho	properNoun	nor
Vulcanus	properNoun	swe	Vulcanus	properNoun	nor
Lassefjellet	properNoun	swe	Lassefjellet	properNoun	nor
Jorn	properNoun	swe	Jorn	properNoun	nor
Anubis	properNoun	swe	Anubis	properNoun	nor
Unga	properNoun	swe	Unga	properNoun	nor
Joro	properNoun	swe	Joro	properNoun	nor
Marshall	properNoun	swe	Marshall	properNoun	nor
Ásllagajávri	properNoun	swe	Ásllagajávri	properNoun	nor
Lauritzen	properNoun	swe	Lauritzen	properNoun	nor
Gjerpe	properNoun	swe	Gjerpe	properNoun	nor
Solheimsvik	properNoun	swe	Solheimsvik	properNoun	nor
Sámmoljohka	properNoun	swe	Sámmoljohka	properNoun	nor
Kotiranta	properNoun	swe	Kotiranta	properNoun	nor
Keppo	properNoun	swe	Keppo	properNoun	nor
Timeus	properNoun	swe	Timeus	properNoun	nor
Lucifer	properNoun	swe	Lucifer	properNoun	nor
Grønnvold	properNoun	swe	Grønnvold	properNoun	nor
Dalsgaard	properNoun	swe	Dalsgaard	properNoun	nor
Sørlie	properNoun	swe	Sørlie	properNoun	nor
Perth	properNoun	swe	Perth	properNoun	nor
Adresseavisen	properNoun	swe	Adresseavisen	properNoun	nor
Kukkohovi	properNoun	swe	Kukkohovi	properNoun	nor
Kongsvik	properNoun	swe	Kongsvik	properNoun	nor
Westfalen	properNoun	swe	Westfalen	properNoun	nor
Hågenson	properNoun	swe	Hågenson	properNoun	nor
Klestrup	properNoun	swe	Klestrup	properNoun	nor
Gjemnes	properNoun	swe	Gjemnes	properNoun	nor
Vartiala	properNoun	swe	Vartiala	properNoun	nor
Pajuniemi	properNoun	swe	Pajuniemi	properNoun	nor
Sund	properNoun	swe	Sund	properNoun	nor
Kilaas	properNoun	swe	Kilaas	properNoun	nor
Engebret	properNoun	swe	Engebret	properNoun	nor
Gudmundsson	properNoun	swe	Gudmundsson	properNoun	nor
Karoliussen	properNoun	swe	Karoliussen	properNoun	nor
Grønnvoll	properNoun	swe	Grønnvoll	properNoun	nor
Birkebeinerrennet	properNoun	swe	Birkebeinerrennet	properNoun	nor
Suomala	properNoun	swe	Suomala	properNoun	nor
Keim	properNoun	swe	Keim	properNoun	nor
Elias	properNoun	swe	Elias	properNoun	nor
Kaareson	properNoun	swe	Kaareson	properNoun	nor
Skaare	properNoun	swe	Skaare	properNoun	nor
Storebrand	properNoun	swe	Storebrand	properNoun	nor
Acapulco	properNoun	swe	Acapulco	properNoun	nor
Suni	properNoun	swe	Suni	properNoun	nor
Eitrheim	properNoun	swe	Eitrheim	properNoun	nor
Qurtzalcoatl	properNoun	swe	Qurtzalcoatl	properNoun	nor
Koxvold	properNoun	swe	Koxvold	properNoun	nor
Helena	properNoun	swe	Helena	properNoun	nor
Ovesson	properNoun	swe	Ovesson	properNoun	nor
Marviala	properNoun	swe	Marviala	properNoun	nor
Menelaos	properNoun	swe	Menelaos	properNoun	nor
Akhtar	properNoun	swe	Akhtar	properNoun	nor
Korpijärvi	properNoun	swe	Korpijärvi	properNoun	nor
Huuskonen	properNoun	swe	Huuskonen	properNoun	nor
Ulvenes	properNoun	swe	Ulvenes	properNoun	nor
Herritslev	properNoun	swe	Herritslev	properNoun	nor
Helene	properNoun	swe	Helene	properNoun	nor
Heaikajohka	properNoun	swe	Heaikajohka	properNoun	nor
Gilberg	properNoun	swe	Gilberg	properNoun	nor
L'Unione	properNoun	swe	L'Unione	properNoun	nor
Vormsund	properNoun	swe	Vormsund	properNoun	nor
Vertainen	properNoun	swe	Vertainen	properNoun	nor
Herðubreið	properNoun	swe	Herðubreið	properNoun	nor
Peitersen	properNoun	swe	Peitersen	properNoun	nor
Matthiessen	properNoun	swe	Matthiessen	properNoun	nor
Joaquin	properNoun	swe	Joaquin	properNoun	nor
Ilpo	properNoun	swe	Ilpo	properNoun	nor
Kristiania	properNoun	swe	Kristiania	properNoun	nor
Nanking	properNoun	swe	Nanking	properNoun	nor
Hindås	properNoun	swe	Hindås	properNoun	nor
Iselin	properNoun	swe	Iselin	properNoun	nor
Tuomala	properNoun	swe	Tuomala	properNoun	nor
Burundi	properNoun	swe	Burundi	properNoun	nor
Holappa	properNoun	swe	Holappa	properNoun	nor
Vironen	properNoun	swe	Vironen	properNoun	nor
Vehanen	properNoun	swe	Vehanen	properNoun	nor
Karstensen	properNoun	swe	Karstensen	properNoun	nor
Rudbjerg	properNoun	swe	Rudbjerg	properNoun	nor
Kjørboe	properNoun	swe	Kjørboe	properNoun	nor
Bottenvika	properNoun	swe	Bottenvika	properNoun	nor
Mazzullo	properNoun	swe	Mazzullo	properNoun	nor
Jovnnaš	properNoun	swe	Jovnnaš	properNoun	nor
Hasund	properNoun	swe	Hasund	properNoun	nor
Tor-Arne	properNoun	swe	Tor-Arne	properNoun	nor
Mariager	properNoun	swe	Mariager	properNoun	nor
Gilbert	properNoun	swe	Gilbert	properNoun	nor
Darling	properNoun	swe	Darling	properNoun	nor
Lindquist	properNoun	swe	Lindquist	properNoun	nor
Brunborg	properNoun	swe	Brunborg	properNoun	nor
Mihkkalrášša	properNoun	swe	Mihkkalrášša	properNoun	nor
Tallaksen	properNoun	swe	Tallaksen	properNoun	nor
Kruk	properNoun	swe	Kruk	properNoun	nor
Torgeirsson	properNoun	swe	Torgeirsson	properNoun	nor
Osterhaus	properNoun	swe	Osterhaus	properNoun	nor
Kongshaug	properNoun	swe	Kongshaug	properNoun	nor
Huupponen	properNoun	swe	Huupponen	properNoun	nor
Wernberg	properNoun	swe	Wernberg	properNoun	nor
Niva	properNoun	swe	Niva	properNoun	nor
Krum	properNoun	swe	Krum	properNoun	nor
Aleksandros	properNoun	swe	Aleksandros	properNoun	nor
Tervonen	properNoun	swe	Tervonen	properNoun	nor
Iveland	properNoun	swe	Iveland	properNoun	nor
Tana	properNoun	swe	Tana	properNoun	nor
Beirut	properNoun	swe	Beirut	properNoun	nor
Mantere	properNoun	swe	Mantere	properNoun	nor
Beijer	properNoun	swe	Beijer	properNoun	nor
Hornindal	properNoun	swe	Hornindal	properNoun	nor
Lærdal	properNoun	swe	Lærdal	properNoun	nor
Kristoffersson	properNoun	swe	Kristoffersson	properNoun	nor
Tang	properNoun	swe	Tang	properNoun	nor
Länta	properNoun	swe	Länta	properNoun	nor
Liuska	properNoun	swe	Liuska	properNoun	nor
Landa	properNoun	swe	Landa	properNoun	nor
Lantta	properNoun	swe	Lantta	properNoun	nor
Høst-Madsen	properNoun	swe	Høst-Madsen	properNoun	nor
Tani	properNoun	swe	Tani	properNoun	nor
Porkius	properNoun	swe	Porkius	properNoun	nor
Larionova	properNoun	swe	Larionova	properNoun	nor
Hilbert	properNoun	swe	Hilbert	properNoun	nor
Thordis	properNoun	swe	Thordis	properNoun	nor
Moresby	properNoun	swe	Moresby	properNoun	nor
Court	properNoun	swe	Court	properNoun	nor
Siikala	properNoun	swe	Siikala	properNoun	nor
Lande	properNoun	swe	Lande	properNoun	nor
Hemnesberget	properNoun	swe	Hemnesberget	properNoun	nor
Oil	properNoun	swe	Oil	properNoun	nor
Mentula	properNoun	swe	Mentula	properNoun	nor
Billabong	properNoun	swe	Billabong	properNoun	nor
Levajok	properNoun	swe	Levajok	properNoun	nor
Muurimäki	properNoun	swe	Muurimäki	properNoun	nor
Bokerød	properNoun	swe	Bokerød	properNoun	nor
Jønnevald	properNoun	swe	Jønnevald	properNoun	nor
Maine	properNoun	swe	Maine	properNoun	nor
Hvalerøyene	properNoun	swe	Hvalerøyene	properNoun	nor
Liuski	properNoun	swe	Liuski	properNoun	nor
Høgberg	properNoun	swe	Høgberg	properNoun	nor
Nilla	properNoun	swe	Nilla	properNoun	nor
Nebajot	properNoun	swe	Nebajot	properNoun	nor
Gjekstad	properNoun	swe	Gjekstad	properNoun	nor
Inkeri	properNoun	swe	Inkeri	properNoun	nor
Gemini	properNoun	swe	Gemini	properNoun	nor
Wicklow	properNoun	swe	Wicklow	properNoun	nor
Stabbursvik	properNoun	swe	Stabbursvik	properNoun	nor
Nieminen	properNoun	swe	Nieminen	properNoun	nor
Kiviluoma	properNoun	swe	Kiviluoma	properNoun	nor
Cromwell	properNoun	swe	Cromwell	properNoun	nor
Jose	properNoun	swe	Jose	properNoun	nor
Vikna	properNoun	swe	Vikna	properNoun	nor
Fjukstad	properNoun	swe	Fjukstad	properNoun	nor
Niiles	properNoun	swe	Niiles	properNoun	nor
Lantto	properNoun	swe	Lantto	properNoun	nor
Jalava	properNoun	swe	Jalava	properNoun	nor
Suorsa	properNoun	swe	Suorsa	properNoun	nor
Pietarinen	properNoun	swe	Pietarinen	properNoun	nor
Mejdell	properNoun	swe	Mejdell	properNoun	nor
Lehtimäki	properNoun	swe	Lehtimäki	properNoun	nor
Skedsmokorset	properNoun	swe	Skedsmokorset	properNoun	nor
Linderud	properNoun	swe	Linderud	properNoun	nor
Mahlakaarto	properNoun	swe	Mahlakaarto	properNoun	nor
Stray	properNoun	swe	Stray	properNoun	nor
Anta	properNoun	swe	Anta	properNoun	nor
Ulltang	properNoun	swe	Ulltang	properNoun	nor
Puska	properNoun	swe	Puska	properNoun	nor
Nordang	properNoun	swe	Nordang	properNoun	nor
Mönkäre	properNoun	swe	Mönkäre	properNoun	nor
Teofilos	properNoun	swe	Teofilos	properNoun	nor
Ravnajávri	properNoun	swe	Ravnajávri	properNoun	nor
Schibsted	properNoun	swe	Schibsted	properNoun	nor
Tistedal	properNoun	swe	Tistedal	properNoun	nor
Frantzen	properNoun	swe	Frantzen	properNoun	nor
Myllylahti	properNoun	swe	Myllylahti	properNoun	nor
Kivimäki	properNoun	swe	Kivimäki	properNoun	nor
Anbjørg	properNoun	swe	Anbjørg	properNoun	nor
Drammenselva	properNoun	swe	Drammenselva	properNoun	nor
Suurnäkki	properNoun	swe	Suurnäkki	properNoun	nor
Ante	properNoun	swe	Ante	properNoun	nor
Ted	properNoun	swe	Ted	properNoun	nor
Hveem	properNoun	swe	Hveem	properNoun	nor
Sofia	properNoun	swe	Sofia	properNoun	nor
Nelson	properNoun	swe	Nelson	properNoun	nor
Stavern	properNoun	swe	Stavern	properNoun	nor
Naski	properNoun	swe	Naski	properNoun	nor
Anti	properNoun	swe	Anti	properNoun	nor
Worm	properNoun	swe	Worm	properNoun	nor
Léman	properNoun	swe	Léman	properNoun	nor
Innanen	properNoun	swe	Innanen	properNoun	nor
Mainz	properNoun	swe	Mainz	properNoun	nor
Alhola	properNoun	swe	Alhola	properNoun	nor
Janice	properNoun	swe	Janice	properNoun	nor
Sofie	properNoun	swe	Sofie	properNoun	nor
Linájávri	properNoun	swe	Linájávri	properNoun	nor
Dreyer	properNoun	swe	Dreyer	properNoun	nor
Carlsen	properNoun	swe	Carlsen	properNoun	nor
Glimt	properNoun	swe	Glimt	properNoun	nor
Estensen	properNoun	swe	Estensen	properNoun	nor
Ánddar	properNoun	swe	Ánddar	properNoun	nor
Medici	properNoun	swe	Medici	properNoun	nor
Tel	properNoun	swe	Tel	properNoun	nor
Møre	properNoun	swe	Møre	properNoun	nor
Vasiljev	properNoun	swe	Vasiljev	properNoun	nor
Varjoranta	properNoun	swe	Varjoranta	properNoun	nor
Tarai	properNoun	swe	Tarai	properNoun	nor
Tambartun	properNoun	swe	Tambartun	properNoun	nor
Nesset	properNoun	swe	Nesset	properNoun	nor
Dalseth	properNoun	swe	Dalseth	properNoun	nor
Teo	properNoun	swe	Teo	properNoun	nor
Sakarja	properNoun	swe	Sakarja	properNoun	nor
Olafsson	properNoun	swe	Olafsson	properNoun	nor
Suttung	properNoun	swe	Suttung	properNoun	nor
Rodolfo	properNoun	swe	Rodolfo	properNoun	nor
Mørk	properNoun	swe	Mørk	properNoun	nor
Klykken	properNoun	swe	Klykken	properNoun	nor
Carling	properNoun	swe	Carling	properNoun	nor
Standal	properNoun	swe	Standal	properNoun	nor
Astala	properNoun	swe	Astala	properNoun	nor
Karhumäki	properNoun	swe	Karhumäki	properNoun	nor
Jergoljohka	properNoun	swe	Jergoljohka	properNoun	nor
Yrttiaho	properNoun	swe	Yrttiaho	properNoun	nor
Eftang	properNoun	swe	Eftang	properNoun	nor
Forman	properNoun	swe	Forman	properNoun	nor
Riipi	properNoun	swe	Riipi	properNoun	nor
Oskár	properNoun	swe	Oskár	properNoun	nor
Vartdal	properNoun	swe	Vartdal	properNoun	nor
Stenerssen	properNoun	swe	Stenerssen	properNoun	nor
Wedel	properNoun	swe	Wedel	properNoun	nor
Hilleren	properNoun	swe	Hilleren	properNoun	nor
Real	properNoun	swe	Real	properNoun	nor
Kankkunen	properNoun	swe	Kankkunen	properNoun	nor
Frederikke	properNoun	swe	Frederikke	properNoun	nor
Kjeldgaard	properNoun	swe	Kjeldgaard	properNoun	nor
Dirkje	properNoun	swe	Dirkje	properNoun	nor
Ådalsbruk	properNoun	swe	Ådalsbruk	properNoun	nor
Larsnes	properNoun	swe	Larsnes	properNoun	nor
Eggan	properNoun	swe	Eggan	properNoun	nor
Laiho	properNoun	swe	Laiho	properNoun	nor
Trandum	properNoun	swe	Trandum	properNoun	nor
Leicester	properNoun	swe	Leicester	properNoun	nor
Rundhaug	properNoun	swe	Rundhaug	properNoun	nor
Kleppa	properNoun	swe	Kleppa	properNoun	nor
Haxthausen	properNoun	swe	Haxthausen	properNoun	nor
Clio	properNoun	swe	Clio	properNoun	nor
Odin	properNoun	swe	Odin	properNoun	nor
Slidre	properNoun	swe	Slidre	properNoun	nor
Kuoppamäki	properNoun	swe	Kuoppamäki	properNoun	nor
Erkkejohka	properNoun	swe	Erkkejohka	properNoun	nor
Securitate	properNoun	swe	Securitate	properNoun	nor
Wattnes	properNoun	swe	Wattnes	properNoun	nor
Guhturgurra	properNoun	swe	Guhturgurra	properNoun	nor
Dordi	properNoun	swe	Dordi	properNoun	nor
Kleppe	properNoun	swe	Kleppe	properNoun	nor
Pederson	properNoun	swe	Pederson	properNoun	nor
Tausen	properNoun	swe	Tausen	properNoun	nor
Mikkelä	properNoun	swe	Mikkelä	properNoun	nor
Funderud	properNoun	swe	Funderud	properNoun	nor
Idar	properNoun	swe	Idar	properNoun	nor
Kotte	properNoun	swe	Kotte	properNoun	nor
Sveinsson	properNoun	swe	Sveinsson	properNoun	nor
Sormunen	properNoun	swe	Sormunen	properNoun	nor
Osman	properNoun	swe	Osman	properNoun	nor
Vilkuna	properNoun	swe	Vilkuna	properNoun	nor
Træet	properNoun	swe	Træet	properNoun	nor
Dayton	properNoun	swe	Dayton	properNoun	nor
Afseth	properNoun	swe	Afseth	properNoun	nor
Lehtovirta	properNoun	swe	Lehtovirta	properNoun	nor
Ovdal	properNoun	swe	Ovdal	properNoun	nor
Kotti	properNoun	swe	Kotti	properNoun	nor
Churchill	properNoun	swe	Churchill	properNoun	nor
Noord-Brabant	properNoun	swe	Noord-Brabant	properNoun	nor
Ahmad	properNoun	swe	Ahmad	properNoun	nor
Maya	properNoun	swe	Maya	properNoun	nor
Lilongwe	properNoun	swe	Lilongwe	properNoun	nor
Hermansson	properNoun	swe	Hermansson	properNoun	nor
Oja	properNoun	swe	Oja	properNoun	nor
Markkula	properNoun	swe	Markkula	properNoun	nor
Joppevárri	properNoun	swe	Joppevárri	properNoun	nor
Heiska	properNoun	swe	Heiska	properNoun	nor
Jutila	properNoun	swe	Jutila	properNoun	nor
Grannes	properNoun	swe	Grannes	properNoun	nor
Ronte	properNoun	swe	Ronte	properNoun	nor
Erno	properNoun	swe	Erno	properNoun	nor
Norheim	properNoun	swe	Norheim	properNoun	nor
Dallas	properNoun	swe	Dallas	properNoun	nor
Trondson	properNoun	swe	Trondson	properNoun	nor
Niinimäki	properNoun	swe	Niinimäki	properNoun	nor
Laberg	properNoun	swe	Laberg	properNoun	nor
Klekken	properNoun	swe	Klekken	properNoun	nor
Enbusk	properNoun	swe	Enbusk	properNoun	nor
Veijonen	properNoun	swe	Veijonen	properNoun	nor
Fallesen	properNoun	swe	Fallesen	properNoun	nor
Vádel-Erke	properNoun	swe	Vádel-Erke	properNoun	nor
Fantoft	properNoun	swe	Fantoft	properNoun	nor
Veijola	properNoun	swe	Veijola	properNoun	nor
Kalevi	properNoun	swe	Kalevi	properNoun	nor
Sironen	properNoun	swe	Sironen	properNoun	nor
Puolitaival	properNoun	swe	Puolitaival	properNoun	nor
Halvard	properNoun	swe	Halvard	properNoun	nor
Skalleberg	properNoun	swe	Skalleberg	properNoun	nor
Hamburg	properNoun	swe	Hamburg	properNoun	nor
Ambjørg	properNoun	swe	Ambjørg	properNoun	nor
Gaulard	properNoun	swe	Gaulard	properNoun	nor
Tykikos	properNoun	swe	Tykikos	properNoun	nor
Kristel	properNoun	swe	Kristel	properNoun	nor
Kambodsja	properNoun	swe	Kambodsja	properNoun	nor
Skogforsøksvesen	properNoun	swe	Skogforsøksvesen	properNoun	nor
Halvari	properNoun	swe	Halvari	properNoun	nor
Jovsses	properNoun	swe	Jovsses	properNoun	nor
Jovsset	properNoun	swe	Jovsset	properNoun	nor
Kristen	properNoun	swe	Kristen	properNoun	nor
Uttrup	properNoun	swe	Uttrup	properNoun	nor
Bahus	properNoun	swe	Bahus	properNoun	nor
Esa	properNoun	swe	Esa	properNoun	nor
Hakalehto	properNoun	swe	Hakalehto	properNoun	nor
Erkkilä	properNoun	swe	Erkkilä	properNoun	nor
Krister	properNoun	swe	Krister	properNoun	nor
Hvalertunnelen	properNoun	swe	Hvalertunnelen	properNoun	nor
Uusimäki	properNoun	swe	Uusimäki	properNoun	nor
Rontu	properNoun	swe	Rontu	properNoun	nor
Mayt	properNoun	swe	Mayt	properNoun	nor
Kurkela	properNoun	swe	Kurkela	properNoun	nor
Hynne	properNoun	swe	Hynne	properNoun	nor
St. Petersburg	properNoun	swe	St. Petersburg	properNoun	nor
Ullebust	properNoun	swe	Ullebust	properNoun	nor
Pylväinen	properNoun	swe	Pylväinen	properNoun	nor
Kjerstin	properNoun	swe	Kjerstin	properNoun	nor
Tepstad	properNoun	swe	Tepstad	properNoun	nor
Bekkevold	properNoun	swe	Bekkevold	properNoun	nor
Gerhardsen	properNoun	swe	Gerhardsen	properNoun	nor
Puntila	properNoun	swe	Puntila	properNoun	nor
Pärssinen	properNoun	swe	Pärssinen	properNoun	nor
Flekke	properNoun	swe	Flekke	properNoun	nor
Rangoon	properNoun	swe	Rangoon	properNoun	nor
Blaker	properNoun	swe	Blaker	properNoun	nor
Walcheren	properNoun	swe	Walcheren	properNoun	nor
Dorenfeldt	properNoun	swe	Dorenfeldt	properNoun	nor
Basberg	properNoun	swe	Basberg	properNoun	nor
Lizzie	properNoun	swe	Lizzie	properNoun	nor
Kaltio	properNoun	swe	Kaltio	properNoun	nor
Tokke	properNoun	swe	Tokke	properNoun	nor
Midthun	properNoun	swe	Midthun	properNoun	nor
Haarfagre	properNoun	swe	Haarfagre	properNoun	nor
Graff	properNoun	swe	Graff	properNoun	nor
Erika	properNoun	swe	Erika	properNoun	nor
Tähti	properNoun	swe	Tähti	properNoun	nor
Kolmonen	properNoun	swe	Kolmonen	properNoun	nor
Craiova	properNoun	swe	Craiova	properNoun	nor
Treungen	properNoun	swe	Treungen	properNoun	nor
Woodworth	properNoun	swe	Woodworth	properNoun	nor
Klaus	properNoun	swe	Klaus	properNoun	nor
Nolvi	properNoun	swe	Nolvi	properNoun	nor
Hautaniemi	properNoun	swe	Hautaniemi	properNoun	nor
Heikkočahca	properNoun	swe	Heikkočahca	properNoun	nor
Wiberg	properNoun	swe	Wiberg	properNoun	nor
Petrovna	properNoun	swe	Petrovna	properNoun	nor
Bente-Lotte	properNoun	swe	Bente-Lotte	properNoun	nor
Mávnnosoaivi	properNoun	swe	Mávnnosoaivi	properNoun	nor
Finnvik	properNoun	swe	Finnvik	properNoun	nor
Flå	properNoun	swe	Flå	properNoun	nor
Albin	properNoun	swe	Albin	properNoun	nor
Wolmer	properNoun	swe	Wolmer	properNoun	nor
Villani	properNoun	swe	Villani	properNoun	nor
Tiala	properNoun	swe	Tiala	properNoun	nor
Suoranta	properNoun	swe	Suoranta	properNoun	nor
Montevideo	properNoun	swe	Montevideo	properNoun	nor
Luleå	properNoun	swe	Luleå	properNoun	nor
Schjødtz	properNoun	swe	Schjødtz	properNoun	nor
Førre	properNoun	swe	Førre	properNoun	nor
Torkil	properNoun	swe	Torkil	properNoun	nor
Ašeneadni	properNoun	swe	Ašeneadni	properNoun	nor
Onam	properNoun	swe	Onam	properNoun	nor
Bård	properNoun	swe	Bård	properNoun	nor
IBM	properNoun	swe	IBM	properNoun	nor
Persen	properNoun	swe	Persen	properNoun	nor
Filtvet	properNoun	swe	Filtvet	properNoun	nor
Onan	properNoun	swe	Onan	properNoun	nor
Job	properNoun	swe	Job	properNoun	nor
Torsvik	properNoun	swe	Torsvik	properNoun	nor
Dustin	properNoun	swe	Dustin	properNoun	nor
Christophersen	properNoun	swe	Christophersen	properNoun	nor
Mohammed	properNoun	swe	Mohammed	properNoun	nor
Märta	properNoun	swe	Märta	properNoun	nor
Vannar	properNoun	swe	Vannar	properNoun	nor
Kaipanen	properNoun	swe	Kaipanen	properNoun	nor
Joe	properNoun	swe	Joe	properNoun	nor
Juššan-Lemet	properNoun	swe	Juššan-Lemet	properNoun	nor
Håvard	properNoun	swe	Håvard	properNoun	nor
Bjørgan	properNoun	swe	Bjørgan	properNoun	nor
Gorbatsjov	properNoun	swe	Gorbatsjov	properNoun	nor
Salomaa	properNoun	swe	Salomaa	properNoun	nor
Bakstad	properNoun	swe	Bakstad	properNoun	nor
Henttonen	properNoun	swe	Henttonen	properNoun	nor
Hellmann	properNoun	swe	Hellmann	properNoun	nor
Fjeldberg	properNoun	swe	Fjeldberg	properNoun	nor
Ingor	properNoun	swe	Ingor	properNoun	nor
Máhttegeavŋŋis	properNoun	swe	Máhttegeavŋŋis	properNoun	nor
Koivuluoma	properNoun	swe	Koivuluoma	properNoun	nor
Hopiavuori	properNoun	swe	Hopiavuori	properNoun	nor
Foslandsosen	properNoun	swe	Foslandsosen	properNoun	nor
Lundqvist	properNoun	swe	Lundqvist	properNoun	nor
Herseth	properNoun	swe	Herseth	properNoun	nor
Sætre	properNoun	swe	Sætre	properNoun	nor
Repstad	properNoun	swe	Repstad	properNoun	nor
Lillehagen	properNoun	swe	Lillehagen	properNoun	nor
Epafras	properNoun	swe	Epafras	properNoun	nor
Jon	properNoun	swe	Jon	properNoun	nor
Lahore	properNoun	swe	Lahore	properNoun	nor
Mæle	properNoun	swe	Mæle	properNoun	nor
Ingvaldson	properNoun	swe	Ingvaldson	properNoun	nor
Áššu	properNoun	swe	Áššu	properNoun	nor
Karkiainen	properNoun	swe	Karkiainen	properNoun	nor
Seattle	properNoun	swe	Seattle	properNoun	nor
Brattrein	properNoun	swe	Brattrein	properNoun	nor
Vest-Telemark	properNoun	swe	Vest-Telemark	properNoun	nor
Gimse	properNoun	swe	Gimse	properNoun	nor
Tsutsunen	properNoun	swe	Tsutsunen	properNoun	nor
Schaaning	properNoun	swe	Schaaning	properNoun	nor
Nivalainen	properNoun	swe	Nivalainen	properNoun	nor
Forsdahl	properNoun	swe	Forsdahl	properNoun	nor
Poikola	properNoun	swe	Poikola	properNoun	nor
Baalsrud	properNoun	swe	Baalsrud	properNoun	nor
Preben	properNoun	swe	Preben	properNoun	nor
Tarvonen	properNoun	swe	Tarvonen	properNoun	nor
Balder	properNoun	swe	Balder	properNoun	nor
Niskanen	properNoun	swe	Niskanen	properNoun	nor
Anwar	properNoun	swe	Anwar	properNoun	nor
Bamble	properNoun	swe	Bamble	properNoun	nor
Alger	properNoun	swe	Alger	properNoun	nor
Stenager	properNoun	swe	Stenager	properNoun	nor
Zenon	properNoun	swe	Zenon	properNoun	nor
Augeias	properNoun	swe	Augeias	properNoun	nor
Torpen	properNoun	swe	Torpen	properNoun	nor
Stenius	properNoun	swe	Stenius	properNoun	nor
Petteri	properNoun	swe	Petteri	properNoun	nor
Dolgorukov	properNoun	swe	Dolgorukov	properNoun	nor
Akan	properNoun	swe	Akan	properNoun	nor
Mannela	properNoun	swe	Mannela	properNoun	nor
Laaninen	properNoun	swe	Laaninen	properNoun	nor
Kandahl	properNoun	swe	Kandahl	properNoun	nor
Rhamses	properNoun	swe	Rhamses	properNoun	nor
Inkerman	properNoun	swe	Inkerman	properNoun	nor
Aasberg	properNoun	swe	Aasberg	properNoun	nor
Haugnes	properNoun	swe	Haugnes	properNoun	nor
Gard	properNoun	swe	Gard	properNoun	nor
Fotball-Tyskland	properNoun	swe	Fotball-Tyskland	properNoun	nor
Åhren	properNoun	swe	Åhren	properNoun	nor
Akas	properNoun	swe	Akas	properNoun	nor
Thoreson	properNoun	swe	Thoreson	properNoun	nor
Skjoldborg	properNoun	swe	Skjoldborg	properNoun	nor
Onkalo	properNoun	swe	Onkalo	properNoun	nor
Aitola	properNoun	swe	Aitola	properNoun	nor
Appenninene	properNoun	swe	Appenninene	properNoun	nor
Eros	properNoun	swe	Eros	properNoun	nor
Fraas	properNoun	swe	Fraas	properNoun	nor
Márjon	properNoun	swe	Márjon	properNoun	nor
Stanghelle	properNoun	swe	Stanghelle	properNoun	nor
Willumsen	properNoun	swe	Willumsen	properNoun	nor
Kuvaja	properNoun	swe	Kuvaja	properNoun	nor
Socotra	properNoun	swe	Socotra	properNoun	nor
Gamaliela	properNoun	swe	Gamaliela	properNoun	nor
Cuellar	properNoun	swe	Cuellar	properNoun	nor
IOGT	properNoun	swe	IOGT	properNoun	nor
Garm	properNoun	swe	Garm	properNoun	nor
Edlund	properNoun	swe	Edlund	properNoun	nor
Gladstad	properNoun	swe	Gladstad	properNoun	nor
Allah	properNoun	swe	Allah	properNoun	nor
Øhlchers	properNoun	swe	Øhlchers	properNoun	nor
Bækgaard	properNoun	swe	Bækgaard	properNoun	nor
Engebretsen	properNoun	swe	Engebretsen	properNoun	nor
Kllokoqi	properNoun	swe	Kllokoqi	properNoun	nor
Ytreberg	properNoun	swe	Ytreberg	properNoun	nor
Børresrud	properNoun	swe	Børresrud	properNoun	nor
Palkeinen	properNoun	swe	Palkeinen	properNoun	nor
Moldenhauer	properNoun	swe	Moldenhauer	properNoun	nor
Pinar	properNoun	swe	Pinar	properNoun	nor
Ragnveig	properNoun	swe	Ragnveig	properNoun	nor
Wetzlar	properNoun	swe	Wetzlar	properNoun	nor
Allan	properNoun	swe	Allan	properNoun	nor
Hanson	properNoun	swe	Hanson	properNoun	nor
Taraldson	properNoun	swe	Taraldson	properNoun	nor
Kvåle	properNoun	swe	Kvåle	properNoun	nor
Vedal	properNoun	swe	Vedal	properNoun	nor
Roitto	properNoun	swe	Roitto	properNoun	nor
Urbanus	properNoun	swe	Urbanus	properNoun	nor
Taddeus	properNoun	swe	Taddeus	properNoun	nor
Weiby	properNoun	swe	Weiby	properNoun	nor
Bávválláttu	properNoun	swe	Bávválláttu	properNoun	nor
Kathmandu	properNoun	swe	Kathmandu	properNoun	nor
Schouw	properNoun	swe	Schouw	properNoun	nor
Tokle	properNoun	swe	Tokle	properNoun	nor
Hautakorpi	properNoun	swe	Hautakorpi	properNoun	nor
Aikio	properNoun	swe	Aikio	properNoun	nor
Gary	properNoun	swe	Gary	properNoun	nor
Koch	properNoun	swe	Koch	properNoun	nor
Hedegaard	properNoun	swe	Hedegaard	properNoun	nor
Elster	properNoun	swe	Elster	properNoun	nor
Elovirta	properNoun	swe	Elovirta	properNoun	nor
Allas	properNoun	swe	Allas	properNoun	nor
Seljestad	properNoun	swe	Seljestad	properNoun	nor
Rødseth	properNoun	swe	Rødseth	properNoun	nor
Marcello	properNoun	swe	Marcello	properNoun	nor
Tromsdalen	properNoun	swe	Tromsdalen	properNoun	nor
Johnson	properNoun	swe	Johnson	properNoun	nor
Ovlláriehppi	properNoun	swe	Ovlláriehppi	properNoun	nor
Hatlestad	properNoun	swe	Hatlestad	properNoun	nor
Elida	properNoun	swe	Elida	properNoun	nor
Kock	properNoun	swe	Kock	properNoun	nor
Klavs	properNoun	swe	Klavs	properNoun	nor
Veitsiluoto	properNoun	swe	Veitsiluoto	properNoun	nor
Vakås	properNoun	swe	Vakås	properNoun	nor
Lagabøter	properNoun	swe	Lagabøter	properNoun	nor
Amalie	properNoun	swe	Amalie	properNoun	nor
Pellikka	properNoun	swe	Pellikka	properNoun	nor
Chris	properNoun	swe	Chris	properNoun	nor
Kela	properNoun	swe	Kela	properNoun	nor
Erling	properNoun	swe	Erling	properNoun	nor
Kitzbühl	properNoun	swe	Kitzbühl	properNoun	nor
Keviselie	properNoun	swe	Keviselie	properNoun	nor
Krooka-Riika	properNoun	swe	Krooka-Riika	properNoun	nor
Fure	properNoun	swe	Fure	properNoun	nor
Vemund	properNoun	swe	Vemund	properNoun	nor
Løseth	properNoun	swe	Løseth	properNoun	nor
Scheuermann	properNoun	swe	Scheuermann	properNoun	nor
Paltto	properNoun	swe	Paltto	properNoun	nor
Stanford-universitetet	properNoun	swe	Stanford-universitetet	properNoun	nor
Kittelssen	properNoun	swe	Kittelssen	properNoun	nor
Mihkiljohka	properNoun	swe	Mihkiljohka	properNoun	nor
Devi	properNoun	swe	Devi	properNoun	nor
Rolvson	properNoun	swe	Rolvson	properNoun	nor
Østerud	properNoun	swe	Østerud	properNoun	nor
Hougen	properNoun	swe	Hougen	properNoun	nor
Kristiane	properNoun	swe	Kristiane	properNoun	nor
Richardsson	properNoun	swe	Richardsson	properNoun	nor
Ringsted	properNoun	swe	Ringsted	properNoun	nor
Kahoolawe	properNoun	swe	Kahoolawe	properNoun	nor
Hernæs	properNoun	swe	Hernæs	properNoun	nor
Iiddá	properNoun	swe	Iiddá	properNoun	nor
Nerli	properNoun	swe	Nerli	properNoun	nor
Ann-Helen	properNoun	swe	Ann-Helen	properNoun	nor
Kelo	properNoun	swe	Kelo	properNoun	nor
Michal	properNoun	swe	Michal	properNoun	nor
Ilse	properNoun	swe	Ilse	properNoun	nor
Pekkanen	properNoun	swe	Pekkanen	properNoun	nor
Køhn	properNoun	swe	Køhn	properNoun	nor
Barnes	properNoun	swe	Barnes	properNoun	nor
Malkiel	properNoun	swe	Malkiel	properNoun	nor
Langhaug	properNoun	swe	Langhaug	properNoun	nor
Grønning	properNoun	swe	Grønning	properNoun	nor
Skjelten	properNoun	swe	Skjelten	properNoun	nor
Bøstad	properNoun	swe	Bøstad	properNoun	nor
Kustaa	properNoun	swe	Kustaa	properNoun	nor
Tytti-Liisu	properNoun	swe	Tytti-Liisu	properNoun	nor
Fløtre	properNoun	swe	Fløtre	properNoun	nor
Torvinen	properNoun	swe	Torvinen	properNoun	nor
Mitrunen	properNoun	swe	Mitrunen	properNoun	nor
Holmgard	properNoun	swe	Holmgard	properNoun	nor
Cypriansen	properNoun	swe	Cypriansen	properNoun	nor
Dávvet-Ásllat-jávri	properNoun	swe	Dávvet-Ásllat-jávri	properNoun	nor
Sekondi-Takoradi	properNoun	swe	Sekondi-Takoradi	properNoun	nor
Kirkeli	properNoun	swe	Kirkeli	properNoun	nor
Hentula	properNoun	swe	Hentula	properNoun	nor
Bedar	properNoun	swe	Bedar	properNoun	nor
Laurberg	properNoun	swe	Laurberg	properNoun	nor
Kuokka	properNoun	swe	Kuokka	properNoun	nor
Koivumäki	properNoun	swe	Koivumäki	properNoun	nor
Salima	properNoun	swe	Salima	properNoun	nor
Weydal	properNoun	swe	Weydal	properNoun	nor
Dverberg	properNoun	swe	Dverberg	properNoun	nor
Kerstin	properNoun	swe	Kerstin	properNoun	nor
Pikkarainen	properNoun	swe	Pikkarainen	properNoun	nor
Patjas	properNoun	swe	Patjas	properNoun	nor
Paars	properNoun	swe	Paars	properNoun	nor
Teheran	properNoun	swe	Teheran	properNoun	nor
Kiberg	properNoun	swe	Kiberg	properNoun	nor
Troye	properNoun	swe	Troye	properNoun	nor
Nicolajsen	properNoun	swe	Nicolajsen	properNoun	nor
Blakksæter	properNoun	swe	Blakksæter	properNoun	nor
Fleischer	properNoun	swe	Fleischer	properNoun	nor
Donald	properNoun	swe	Donald	properNoun	nor
Åstot	properNoun	swe	Åstot	properNoun	nor
Palomaa	properNoun	swe	Palomaa	properNoun	nor
Gadegaard	properNoun	swe	Gadegaard	properNoun	nor
Faber	properNoun	swe	Faber	properNoun	nor
Arnesen	properNoun	swe	Arnesen	properNoun	nor
Teilman	properNoun	swe	Teilman	properNoun	nor
Koppanen	properNoun	swe	Koppanen	properNoun	nor
Etnedal	properNoun	swe	Etnedal	properNoun	nor
Patokoski	properNoun	swe	Patokoski	properNoun	nor
Gustafsen	properNoun	swe	Gustafsen	properNoun	nor
Vuollá	properNoun	swe	Vuollá	properNoun	nor
Cotentin	properNoun	swe	Cotentin	properNoun	nor
Njord	properNoun	swe	Njord	properNoun	nor
Jannai	properNoun	swe	Jannai	properNoun	nor
Petterson	properNoun	swe	Petterson	properNoun	nor
Antonsson	properNoun	swe	Antonsson	properNoun	nor
Smeby	properNoun	swe	Smeby	properNoun	nor
Pirkkanen	properNoun	swe	Pirkkanen	properNoun	nor
Mikkelborg	properNoun	swe	Mikkelborg	properNoun	nor
Askvoll	properNoun	swe	Askvoll	properNoun	nor
Mehtonen	properNoun	swe	Mehtonen	properNoun	nor
Ricardo	properNoun	swe	Ricardo	properNoun	nor
Ola	properNoun	swe	Ola	properNoun	nor
Siggerud	properNoun	swe	Siggerud	properNoun	nor
Tiirikainen	properNoun	swe	Tiirikainen	properNoun	nor
Smistad	properNoun	swe	Smistad	properNoun	nor
Brakstad	properNoun	swe	Brakstad	properNoun	nor
Rinne	properNoun	swe	Rinne	properNoun	nor
Ašterot	properNoun	swe	Ašterot	properNoun	nor
Lamminaho	properNoun	swe	Lamminaho	properNoun	nor
Ole	properNoun	swe	Ole	properNoun	nor
Tuula	properNoun	swe	Tuula	properNoun	nor
Brønnøy	properNoun	swe	Brønnøy	properNoun	nor
Aarethun	properNoun	swe	Aarethun	properNoun	nor
Eivind	properNoun	swe	Eivind	properNoun	nor
Mjølfjell	properNoun	swe	Mjølfjell	properNoun	nor
Spind	properNoun	swe	Spind	properNoun	nor
Thune	properNoun	swe	Thune	properNoun	nor
Sandvold	properNoun	swe	Sandvold	properNoun	nor
Kvalsundet	properNoun	swe	Kvalsundet	properNoun	nor
Quale	properNoun	swe	Quale	properNoun	nor
Perätalo	properNoun	swe	Perätalo	properNoun	nor
Haag	properNoun	swe	Haag	properNoun	nor
Torbjørnsen	properNoun	swe	Torbjørnsen	properNoun	nor
Steiro	properNoun	swe	Steiro	properNoun	nor
Kirste	properNoun	swe	Kirste	properNoun	nor
Lange	properNoun	swe	Lange	properNoun	nor
Keilhau	properNoun	swe	Keilhau	properNoun	nor
Gustava	properNoun	swe	Gustava	properNoun	nor
Litauen	properNoun	swe	Litauen	properNoun	nor
Tuuli	properNoun	swe	Tuuli	properNoun	nor
Sandane	properNoun	swe	Sandane	properNoun	nor
Ajaccio	properNoun	swe	Ajaccio	properNoun	nor
Kirsti	properNoun	swe	Kirsti	properNoun	nor
Østlyngen	properNoun	swe	Østlyngen	properNoun	nor
Nain	properNoun	swe	Nain	properNoun	nor
Molander	properNoun	swe	Molander	properNoun	nor
Durrës	properNoun	swe	Durrës	properNoun	nor
Plains	properNoun	swe	Plains	properNoun	nor
Rihtáčohkka	properNoun	swe	Rihtáčohkka	properNoun	nor
Justiisaministtar	properNoun	swe	Justiisaministtar	properNoun	nor
Vapola	properNoun	swe	Vapola	properNoun	nor
Pentha	properNoun	swe	Pentha	properNoun	nor
Eidnár	properNoun	swe	Eidnár	properNoun	nor
Brataas	properNoun	swe	Brataas	properNoun	nor
Borgan	properNoun	swe	Borgan	properNoun	nor
Iŋggájohka	properNoun	swe	Iŋggájohka	properNoun	nor
Clarissa	properNoun	swe	Clarissa	properNoun	nor
Tychsen	properNoun	swe	Tychsen	properNoun	nor
Lango	properNoun	swe	Lango	properNoun	nor
Jalta	properNoun	swe	Jalta	properNoun	nor
Lemek	properNoun	swe	Lemek	properNoun	nor
Dong	properNoun	swe	Dong	properNoun	nor
Borgar	properNoun	swe	Borgar	properNoun	nor
Sèvres	properNoun	swe	Sèvres	properNoun	nor
Jølster	properNoun	swe	Jølster	properNoun	nor
Langt	properNoun	swe	Langt	properNoun	nor
Vibstad	properNoun	swe	Vibstad	properNoun	nor
Bjerkli	properNoun	swe	Bjerkli	properNoun	nor
Jovnnanjárga	properNoun	swe	Jovnnanjárga	properNoun	nor
Jovvá	properNoun	swe	Jovvá	properNoun	nor
Máre	properNoun	swe	Máre	properNoun	nor
Seoul	properNoun	swe	Seoul	properNoun	nor
Woxholth	properNoun	swe	Woxholth	properNoun	nor
Tsjimkent	properNoun	swe	Tsjimkent	properNoun	nor
Gjessing	properNoun	swe	Gjessing	properNoun	nor
Priamos	properNoun	swe	Priamos	properNoun	nor
Lemet	properNoun	swe	Lemet	properNoun	nor
Julia	properNoun	swe	Julia	properNoun	nor
Næss	properNoun	swe	Næss	properNoun	nor
Fusa	properNoun	swe	Fusa	properNoun	nor
Grahm	properNoun	swe	Grahm	properNoun	nor
Lehtovuori	properNoun	swe	Lehtovuori	properNoun	nor
Paramount	properNoun	swe	Paramount	properNoun	nor
Lehmusvaara	properNoun	swe	Lehmusvaara	properNoun	nor
Kuuppo	properNoun	swe	Kuuppo	properNoun	nor
Furuset	properNoun	swe	Furuset	properNoun	nor
Dons	properNoun	swe	Dons	properNoun	nor
Stenhammer	properNoun	swe	Stenhammer	properNoun	nor
Stagnes	properNoun	swe	Stagnes	properNoun	nor
Julie	properNoun	swe	Julie	properNoun	nor
Salmone	properNoun	swe	Salmone	properNoun	nor
Tolbukhin	properNoun	swe	Tolbukhin	properNoun	nor
L'Orients	properNoun	swe	L'Orients	properNoun	nor
Rasmus	properNoun	swe	Rasmus	properNoun	nor
Martinusen	properNoun	swe	Martinusen	properNoun	nor
Mellom-Europa	properNoun	swe	Mellom-Europa	properNoun	nor
Haagerup	properNoun	swe	Haagerup	properNoun	nor
Engeset	properNoun	swe	Engeset	properNoun	nor
Eliel	properNoun	swe	Eliel	properNoun	nor
Abrahamsson	properNoun	swe	Abrahamsson	properNoun	nor
Komšilov	properNoun	swe	Komšilov	properNoun	nor
Helleren	properNoun	swe	Helleren	properNoun	nor
Moldefestivalen	properNoun	swe	Moldefestivalen	properNoun	nor
Årvik	properNoun	swe	Årvik	properNoun	nor
Maltrup	properNoun	swe	Maltrup	properNoun	nor
Pernilla	properNoun	swe	Pernilla	properNoun	nor
Sarvela	properNoun	swe	Sarvela	properNoun	nor
Poikkeus	properNoun	swe	Poikkeus	properNoun	nor
Niemitalo	properNoun	swe	Niemitalo	properNoun	nor
Kolsrud	properNoun	swe	Kolsrud	properNoun	nor
Keiserud	properNoun	swe	Keiserud	properNoun	nor
Rihter	properNoun	swe	Rihter	properNoun	nor
Kemi	properNoun	swe	Kemi	properNoun	nor
Torkko	properNoun	swe	Torkko	properNoun	nor
Fonnes	properNoun	swe	Fonnes	properNoun	nor
Drabløs	properNoun	swe	Drabløs	properNoun	nor
Hotel	properNoun	swe	Hotel	properNoun	nor
Franssila	properNoun	swe	Franssila	properNoun	nor
Méxicogolfen	properNoun	swe	Méxicogolfen	properNoun	nor
Raittila	properNoun	swe	Raittila	properNoun	nor
Muje	properNoun	swe	Muje	properNoun	nor
Máhtedievvá	properNoun	swe	Máhtedievvá	properNoun	nor
Pernille	properNoun	swe	Pernille	properNoun	nor
Stensvold	properNoun	swe	Stensvold	properNoun	nor
Junnilainen	properNoun	swe	Junnilainen	properNoun	nor
Branner	properNoun	swe	Branner	properNoun	nor
Julio	properNoun	swe	Julio	properNoun	nor
Riise	properNoun	swe	Riise	properNoun	nor
Luomala	properNoun	swe	Luomala	properNoun	nor
Bab	properNoun	swe	Bab	properNoun	nor
Surinam	properNoun	swe	Surinam	properNoun	nor
Kirkøy	properNoun	swe	Kirkøy	properNoun	nor
Kanai	properNoun	swe	Kanai	properNoun	nor
Taganrok	properNoun	swe	Taganrok	properNoun	nor
Widerberg	properNoun	swe	Widerberg	properNoun	nor
Movik	properNoun	swe	Movik	properNoun	nor
Bad	properNoun	swe	Bad	properNoun	nor
Bentzen	properNoun	swe	Bentzen	properNoun	nor
Rahab	properNoun	swe	Rahab	properNoun	nor
Raiski	properNoun	swe	Raiski	properNoun	nor
Paasi	properNoun	swe	Paasi	properNoun	nor
Metsäranta	properNoun	swe	Metsäranta	properNoun	nor
Bae	properNoun	swe	Bae	properNoun	nor
Saukonoja	properNoun	swe	Saukonoja	properNoun	nor
Trolle	properNoun	swe	Trolle	properNoun	nor
Thy	properNoun	swe	Thy	properNoun	nor
Paasivirta	properNoun	swe	Paasivirta	properNoun	nor
Hirvi	properNoun	swe	Hirvi	properNoun	nor
Årdal	properNoun	swe	Årdal	properNoun	nor
Vilhelmsen	properNoun	swe	Vilhelmsen	properNoun	nor
Klepstad	properNoun	swe	Klepstad	properNoun	nor
Fredvang	properNoun	swe	Fredvang	properNoun	nor
Afzelius	properNoun	swe	Afzelius	properNoun	nor
Rástegáisá	properNoun	swe	Rástegáisá	properNoun	nor
Gandsfjorden	properNoun	swe	Gandsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Vilhelmina	properNoun	swe	Vilhelmina	properNoun	nor
Indokina	properNoun	swe	Indokina	properNoun	nor
Paaso	properNoun	swe	Paaso	properNoun	nor
Grenaa	properNoun	swe	Grenaa	properNoun	nor
Gunlaug	properNoun	swe	Gunlaug	properNoun	nor
Raukko	properNoun	swe	Raukko	properNoun	nor
Fjelberg	properNoun	swe	Fjelberg	properNoun	nor
Renault	properNoun	swe	Renault	properNoun	nor
Weidemann	properNoun	swe	Weidemann	properNoun	nor
Salina	properNoun	swe	Salina	properNoun	nor
Riiheläinen	properNoun	swe	Riiheläinen	properNoun	nor
Kurtti	properNoun	swe	Kurtti	properNoun	nor
Vilhelmine	properNoun	swe	Vilhelmine	properNoun	nor
Øystre	properNoun	swe	Øystre	properNoun	nor
Halgeir	properNoun	swe	Halgeir	properNoun	nor
Bao	properNoun	swe	Bao	properNoun	nor
Caprino	properNoun	swe	Caprino	properNoun	nor
Hammond	properNoun	swe	Hammond	properNoun	nor
Widding	properNoun	swe	Widding	properNoun	nor
Suchow	properNoun	swe	Suchow	properNoun	nor
Langli	properNoun	swe	Langli	properNoun	nor
Foreningen	properNoun	swe	Foreningen	properNoun	nor
Ruutiainen	properNoun	swe	Ruutiainen	properNoun	nor
Nybergsund	properNoun	swe	Nybergsund	properNoun	nor
Sjurson	properNoun	swe	Sjurson	properNoun	nor
Moritzbakk	properNoun	swe	Moritzbakk	properNoun	nor
Mogensen	properNoun	swe	Mogensen	properNoun	nor
Greiner	properNoun	swe	Greiner	properNoun	nor
Iŋgun	properNoun	swe	Iŋgun	properNoun	nor
Helgeája	properNoun	swe	Helgeája	properNoun	nor
Mikkanen	properNoun	swe	Mikkanen	properNoun	nor
Kamppuri	properNoun	swe	Kamppuri	properNoun	nor
Nillá	properNoun	swe	Nillá	properNoun	nor
Svanhild	properNoun	swe	Svanhild	properNoun	nor
Midgardsormen	properNoun	swe	Midgardsormen	properNoun	nor
Hannus	properNoun	swe	Hannus	properNoun	nor
Wigelius	properNoun	swe	Wigelius	properNoun	nor
Suojoki	properNoun	swe	Suojoki	properNoun	nor
Måren	properNoun	swe	Måren	properNoun	nor
Pölönen	properNoun	swe	Pölönen	properNoun	nor
Research	properNoun	swe	Research	properNoun	nor
Sirevåg	properNoun	swe	Sirevåg	properNoun	nor
Bay	properNoun	swe	Bay	properNoun	nor
Kitok	properNoun	swe	Kitok	properNoun	nor
Gata	properNoun	swe	Gata	properNoun	nor
Vasara	properNoun	swe	Vasara	properNoun	nor
Munkki	properNoun	swe	Munkki	properNoun	nor
Constanse	properNoun	swe	Constanse	properNoun	nor
Lundeby	properNoun	swe	Lundeby	properNoun	nor
Kristianson	properNoun	swe	Kristianson	properNoun	nor
Heddal	properNoun	swe	Heddal	properNoun	nor
Korneliusen	properNoun	swe	Korneliusen	properNoun	nor
Islamabad	properNoun	swe	Islamabad	properNoun	nor
Rauma	properNoun	swe	Rauma	properNoun	nor
Gate	properNoun	swe	Gate	properNoun	nor
Bromwich	properNoun	swe	Bromwich	properNoun	nor
Obadias	properNoun	swe	Obadias	properNoun	nor
Valkeejärvi	properNoun	swe	Valkeejärvi	properNoun	nor
Ihlen	properNoun	swe	Ihlen	properNoun	nor
Kvamme	properNoun	swe	Kvamme	properNoun	nor
Akilles	properNoun	swe	Akilles	properNoun	nor
Lopphavet	properNoun	swe	Lopphavet	properNoun	nor
Ukraina	properNoun	swe	Ukraina	properNoun	nor
Fagereng	properNoun	swe	Fagereng	properNoun	nor
Nuccio	properNoun	swe	Nuccio	properNoun	nor
Ziesler	properNoun	swe	Ziesler	properNoun	nor
Færvik	properNoun	swe	Færvik	properNoun	nor
Rolvsøy	properNoun	swe	Rolvsøy	properNoun	nor
Rautavaara	properNoun	swe	Rautavaara	properNoun	nor
Riidá	properNoun	swe	Riidá	properNoun	nor
Biehtárskáidi	properNoun	swe	Biehtárskáidi	properNoun	nor
Anthonsen	properNoun	swe	Anthonsen	properNoun	nor
Olrik	properNoun	swe	Olrik	properNoun	nor
Henderson	properNoun	swe	Henderson	properNoun	nor
Vest-Oppland	properNoun	swe	Vest-Oppland	properNoun	nor
Kantola	properNoun	swe	Kantola	properNoun	nor
Glistrup	properNoun	swe	Glistrup	properNoun	nor
Aall	properNoun	swe	Aall	properNoun	nor
Duisburg	properNoun	swe	Duisburg	properNoun	nor
Liikala	properNoun	swe	Liikala	properNoun	nor
Károly	properNoun	swe	Károly	properNoun	nor
Tarn	properNoun	swe	Tarn	properNoun	nor
Kesäläinen	properNoun	swe	Kesäläinen	properNoun	nor
Maire	properNoun	swe	Maire	properNoun	nor
Zarina	properNoun	swe	Zarina	properNoun	nor
Eva	properNoun	swe	Eva	properNoun	nor
Mississippi	properNoun	swe	Mississippi	properNoun	nor
Haraldssen	properNoun	swe	Haraldssen	properNoun	nor
Creusot	properNoun	swe	Creusot	properNoun	nor
Vallestad	properNoun	swe	Vallestad	properNoun	nor
Siiskonen	properNoun	swe	Siiskonen	properNoun	nor
Pajuluoma	properNoun	swe	Pajuluoma	properNoun	nor
Nordkil	properNoun	swe	Nordkil	properNoun	nor
Rekonen	properNoun	swe	Rekonen	properNoun	nor
Kilpiä	properNoun	swe	Kilpiä	properNoun	nor
Garberg	properNoun	swe	Garberg	properNoun	nor
Gatt	properNoun	swe	Gatt	properNoun	nor
Mareno	properNoun	swe	Mareno	properNoun	nor
Pyongyang	properNoun	swe	Pyongyang	properNoun	nor
Bjerke	properNoun	swe	Bjerke	properNoun	nor
Jebsen	properNoun	swe	Jebsen	properNoun	nor
Niclas	properNoun	swe	Niclas	properNoun	nor
Rasmine	properNoun	swe	Rasmine	properNoun	nor
Vågsøy	properNoun	swe	Vågsøy	properNoun	nor
Hatara	properNoun	swe	Hatara	properNoun	nor
Finnesen	properNoun	swe	Finnesen	properNoun	nor
Paracelsus	properNoun	swe	Paracelsus	properNoun	nor
Tellervo	properNoun	swe	Tellervo	properNoun	nor
Snarby	properNoun	swe	Snarby	properNoun	nor
Schelderup	properNoun	swe	Schelderup	properNoun	nor
Bygden	properNoun	swe	Bygden	properNoun	nor
Wangberg	properNoun	swe	Wangberg	properNoun	nor
Ojalainen	properNoun	swe	Ojalainen	properNoun	nor
Riska	properNoun	swe	Riska	properNoun	nor
Pakka	properNoun	swe	Pakka	properNoun	nor
Kymäläinen	properNoun	swe	Kymäläinen	properNoun	nor
Kvello	properNoun	swe	Kvello	properNoun	nor
Gojim	properNoun	swe	Gojim	properNoun	nor
Kaisto	properNoun	swe	Kaisto	properNoun	nor
Janicke	properNoun	swe	Janicke	properNoun	nor
Southern	properNoun	swe	Southern	properNoun	nor
Tveøy	properNoun	swe	Tveøy	properNoun	nor
Pajumäki	properNoun	swe	Pajumäki	properNoun	nor
Kuronen	properNoun	swe	Kuronen	properNoun	nor
Ihanamäki	properNoun	swe	Ihanamäki	properNoun	nor
Cocos	properNoun	swe	Cocos	properNoun	nor
Sámmol	properNoun	swe	Sámmol	properNoun	nor
Ulstein	properNoun	swe	Ulstein	properNoun	nor
Svalastog	properNoun	swe	Svalastog	properNoun	nor
Mankki	properNoun	swe	Mankki	properNoun	nor
IEA	properNoun	swe	IEA	properNoun	nor
Tid	properNoun	swe	Tid	properNoun	nor
Scotia	properNoun	swe	Scotia	properNoun	nor
Rukke	properNoun	swe	Rukke	properNoun	nor
Jahnssen	properNoun	swe	Jahnssen	properNoun	nor
Leminen	properNoun	swe	Leminen	properNoun	nor
Korpisaari	properNoun	swe	Korpisaari	properNoun	nor
Koivusilta	properNoun	swe	Koivusilta	properNoun	nor
Stein-Erik	properNoun	swe	Stein-Erik	properNoun	nor
Lübeck	properNoun	swe	Lübeck	properNoun	nor
Figgjo	properNoun	swe	Figgjo	properNoun	nor
Rossi	properNoun	swe	Rossi	properNoun	nor
Muggerud	properNoun	swe	Muggerud	properNoun	nor
Chiang	properNoun	swe	Chiang	properNoun	nor
Riski	properNoun	swe	Riski	properNoun	nor
Leivestad	properNoun	swe	Leivestad	properNoun	nor
Viitasalo	properNoun	swe	Viitasalo	properNoun	nor
Lassen	properNoun	swe	Lassen	properNoun	nor
Røyrvik	properNoun	swe	Røyrvik	properNoun	nor
Nantes	properNoun	swe	Nantes	properNoun	nor
Østereng	properNoun	swe	Østereng	properNoun	nor
Musakka	properNoun	swe	Musakka	properNoun	nor
Miskolc	properNoun	swe	Miskolc	properNoun	nor
Väkkäraš	properNoun	swe	Väkkäraš	properNoun	nor
Kelishume	properNoun	swe	Kelishume	properNoun	nor
Carstein	properNoun	swe	Carstein	properNoun	nor
Ranheim	properNoun	swe	Ranheim	properNoun	nor
Evy	properNoun	swe	Evy	properNoun	nor
Tim	properNoun	swe	Tim	properNoun	nor
Paatelainen	properNoun	swe	Paatelainen	properNoun	nor
Migon	properNoun	swe	Migon	properNoun	nor
Buljovárri	properNoun	swe	Buljovárri	properNoun	nor
Katrin	properNoun	swe	Katrin	properNoun	nor
Solstad	properNoun	swe	Solstad	properNoun	nor
Kirkwall	properNoun	swe	Kirkwall	properNoun	nor
Ingri	properNoun	swe	Ingri	properNoun	nor
Stueng	properNoun	swe	Stueng	properNoun	nor
Pakkanen	properNoun	swe	Pakkanen	properNoun	nor
Nironen	properNoun	swe	Nironen	properNoun	nor
Mikael	properNoun	swe	Mikael	properNoun	nor
Laila	properNoun	swe	Laila	properNoun	nor
Andreasson	properNoun	swe	Andreasson	properNoun	nor
Windfield	properNoun	swe	Windfield	properNoun	nor
Reed	properNoun	swe	Reed	properNoun	nor
Bávvalluoppal	properNoun	swe	Bávvalluoppal	properNoun	nor
Benedikt	properNoun	swe	Benedikt	properNoun	nor
Manni	properNoun	swe	Manni	properNoun	nor
Krakow	properNoun	swe	Krakow	properNoun	nor
Jääskä	properNoun	swe	Jääskä	properNoun	nor
Biilgreen	properNoun	swe	Biilgreen	properNoun	nor
Aagaard	properNoun	swe	Aagaard	properNoun	nor
Susi	properNoun	swe	Susi	properNoun	nor
Risku	properNoun	swe	Risku	properNoun	nor
Ketola	properNoun	swe	Ketola	properNoun	nor
Roald	properNoun	swe	Roald	properNoun	nor
Hannele	properNoun	swe	Hannele	properNoun	nor
Asgard	properNoun	swe	Asgard	properNoun	nor
Kauppi	properNoun	swe	Kauppi	properNoun	nor
Hedvig	properNoun	swe	Hedvig	properNoun	nor
Narkissos	properNoun	swe	Narkissos	properNoun	nor
Kent	properNoun	swe	Kent	properNoun	nor
Ámmol	properNoun	swe	Ámmol	properNoun	nor
Ditteriehppi	properNoun	swe	Ditteriehppi	properNoun	nor
Olgierd	properNoun	swe	Olgierd	properNoun	nor
Chopin	properNoun	swe	Chopin	properNoun	nor
Pälli	properNoun	swe	Pälli	properNoun	nor
Hedvik	properNoun	swe	Hedvik	properNoun	nor
Ámmon	properNoun	swe	Ámmon	properNoun	nor
Asta	properNoun	swe	Asta	properNoun	nor
Kristiansund	properNoun	swe	Kristiansund	properNoun	nor
Kluge	properNoun	swe	Kluge	properNoun	nor
Milka	properNoun	swe	Milka	properNoun	nor
FAFO	properNoun	swe	FAFO	properNoun	nor
Skjørestad	properNoun	swe	Skjørestad	properNoun	nor
Saukkola	properNoun	swe	Saukkola	properNoun	nor
Oeynhausen	properNoun	swe	Oeynhausen	properNoun	nor
Eggen	properNoun	swe	Eggen	properNoun	nor
Croydon	properNoun	swe	Croydon	properNoun	nor
Pöntinen	properNoun	swe	Pöntinen	properNoun	nor
Nyhamar	properNoun	swe	Nyhamar	properNoun	nor
Laaksovirta	properNoun	swe	Laaksovirta	properNoun	nor
Heimala	properNoun	swe	Heimala	properNoun	nor
Wirkola	properNoun	swe	Wirkola	properNoun	nor
Faukstad	properNoun	swe	Faukstad	properNoun	nor
Johánsuolu	properNoun	swe	Johánsuolu	properNoun	nor
Dittejohka	properNoun	swe	Dittejohka	properNoun	nor
Geronimo	properNoun	swe	Geronimo	properNoun	nor
Lötjönen	properNoun	swe	Lötjönen	properNoun	nor
Wilson	properNoun	swe	Wilson	properNoun	nor
Kristianne	properNoun	swe	Kristianne	properNoun	nor
Møkster	properNoun	swe	Møkster	properNoun	nor
Skinstad	properNoun	swe	Skinstad	properNoun	nor
Selbo	properNoun	swe	Selbo	properNoun	nor
Fielstied	properNoun	swe	Fielstied	properNoun	nor
NAF	properNoun	swe	NAF	properNoun	nor
Østli	properNoun	swe	Østli	properNoun	nor
Forst	properNoun	swe	Forst	properNoun	nor
Kandake	properNoun	swe	Kandake	properNoun	nor
Jeppe	properNoun	swe	Jeppe	properNoun	nor
Čirri-Áne	properNoun	swe	Čirri-Áne	properNoun	nor
Jaqueline	properNoun	swe	Jaqueline	properNoun	nor
Hynönen	properNoun	swe	Hynönen	properNoun	nor
Tirich	properNoun	swe	Tirich	properNoun	nor
Sælen	properNoun	swe	Sælen	properNoun	nor
Høigaard	properNoun	swe	Høigaard	properNoun	nor
Alastalo	properNoun	swe	Alastalo	properNoun	nor
Hánnofávli	properNoun	swe	Hánnofávli	properNoun	nor
Stabel	properNoun	swe	Stabel	properNoun	nor
Kalgan	properNoun	swe	Kalgan	properNoun	nor
Jašženko	properNoun	swe	Jašženko	properNoun	nor
Ahmed	properNoun	swe	Ahmed	properNoun	nor
Selbu	properNoun	swe	Selbu	properNoun	nor
Aakervik	properNoun	swe	Aakervik	properNoun	nor
Kinshasa	properNoun	swe	Kinshasa	properNoun	nor
Ona	properNoun	swe	Ona	properNoun	nor
Valkila	properNoun	swe	Valkila	properNoun	nor
Tahiti	properNoun	swe	Tahiti	properNoun	nor
Thunder	properNoun	swe	Thunder	properNoun	nor
Brøchner	properNoun	swe	Brøchner	properNoun	nor
Ulrikke	properNoun	swe	Ulrikke	properNoun	nor
Särkinen	properNoun	swe	Särkinen	properNoun	nor
Berlinmuren	properNoun	swe	Berlinmuren	properNoun	nor
Rauna	properNoun	swe	Rauna	properNoun	nor
Mariell	properNoun	swe	Mariell	properNoun	nor
Viikari	properNoun	swe	Viikari	properNoun	nor
Siirilä	properNoun	swe	Siirilä	properNoun	nor
Windhoek	properNoun	swe	Windhoek	properNoun	nor
Geliidna	properNoun	swe	Geliidna	properNoun	nor
Reppen	properNoun	swe	Reppen	properNoun	nor
Leonidas	properNoun	swe	Leonidas	properNoun	nor
Nord-Aurdal	properNoun	swe	Nord-Aurdal	properNoun	nor
Vigander	properNoun	swe	Vigander	properNoun	nor
Thomas	properNoun	swe	Thomas	properNoun	nor
Ladislaus	properNoun	swe	Ladislaus	properNoun	nor
Höyük	properNoun	swe	Höyük	properNoun	nor
Callesen	properNoun	swe	Callesen	properNoun	nor
Larssen	properNoun	swe	Larssen	properNoun	nor
Talvensaari	properNoun	swe	Talvensaari	properNoun	nor
Karolina	properNoun	swe	Karolina	properNoun	nor
Kaupanger	properNoun	swe	Kaupanger	properNoun	nor
Fjørtoft	properNoun	swe	Fjørtoft	properNoun	nor
Mjolfjell	properNoun	swe	Mjolfjell	properNoun	nor
Maisa	properNoun	swe	Maisa	properNoun	nor
Andrea	properNoun	swe	Andrea	properNoun	nor
Halvorssen	properNoun	swe	Halvorssen	properNoun	nor
Ryeng	properNoun	swe	Ryeng	properNoun	nor
Fritz	properNoun	swe	Fritz	properNoun	nor
Rauni	properNoun	swe	Rauni	properNoun	nor
Scuttingberg	properNoun	swe	Scuttingberg	properNoun	nor
Koskamo	properNoun	swe	Koskamo	properNoun	nor
Hyhnen-Hahn	properNoun	swe	Hyhnen-Hahn	properNoun	nor
Aamot	properNoun	swe	Aamot	properNoun	nor
Erry	properNoun	swe	Erry	properNoun	nor
Kristin	properNoun	swe	Kristin	properNoun	nor
Salvador	properNoun	swe	Salvador	properNoun	nor
Pálsson	properNoun	swe	Pálsson	properNoun	nor
L'Isle-Adam	properNoun	swe	L'Isle-Adam	properNoun	nor
Karoline	properNoun	swe	Karoline	properNoun	nor
Beahcečielggejohka	properNoun	swe	Beahcečielggejohka	properNoun	nor
Ono	properNoun	swe	Ono	properNoun	nor
Ahmet	properNoun	swe	Ahmet	properNoun	nor
Konsmo	properNoun	swe	Konsmo	properNoun	nor
Tirkkonen	properNoun	swe	Tirkkonen	properNoun	nor
Lehtiranta	properNoun	swe	Lehtiranta	properNoun	nor
Haider	properNoun	swe	Haider	properNoun	nor
Gaup	properNoun	swe	Gaup	properNoun	nor
Claudius	properNoun	swe	Claudius	properNoun	nor
Hánas	properNoun	swe	Hánas	properNoun	nor
Säynäjoki	properNoun	swe	Säynäjoki	properNoun	nor
Sigurdssen	properNoun	swe	Sigurdssen	properNoun	nor
Hærland	properNoun	swe	Hærland	properNoun	nor
Talén	properNoun	swe	Talén	properNoun	nor
Prestegard	properNoun	swe	Prestegard	properNoun	nor
Fenre	properNoun	swe	Fenre	properNoun	nor
Rauno	properNoun	swe	Rauno	properNoun	nor
Eugénie	properNoun	swe	Eugénie	properNoun	nor
Bertelsen	properNoun	swe	Bertelsen	properNoun	nor
Rakfjord	properNoun	swe	Rakfjord	properNoun	nor
Koskensalo	properNoun	swe	Koskensalo	properNoun	nor
Gaut	properNoun	swe	Gaut	properNoun	nor
Andrej	properNoun	swe	Andrej	properNoun	nor
Vuolle	properNoun	swe	Vuolle	properNoun	nor
Rolstad	properNoun	swe	Rolstad	properNoun	nor
Haagensson	properNoun	swe	Haagensson	properNoun	nor
Muladal	properNoun	swe	Muladal	properNoun	nor
Lønne	properNoun	swe	Lønne	properNoun	nor
Loven	properNoun	swe	Loven	properNoun	nor
Bruntveit	properNoun	swe	Bruntveit	properNoun	nor
Salonoja	properNoun	swe	Salonoja	properNoun	nor
Kohonen	properNoun	swe	Kohonen	properNoun	nor
Vikse	properNoun	swe	Vikse	properNoun	nor
Suzdal	properNoun	swe	Suzdal	properNoun	nor
Vuolli	properNoun	swe	Vuolli	properNoun	nor
Kiviaho	properNoun	swe	Kiviaho	properNoun	nor
Virgin	properNoun	swe	Virgin	properNoun	nor
Akropolis	properNoun	swe	Akropolis	properNoun	nor
Monica	properNoun	swe	Monica	properNoun	nor
Stål	properNoun	swe	Stål	properNoun	nor
Kofi	properNoun	swe	Kofi	properNoun	nor
Kirstine	properNoun	swe	Kirstine	properNoun	nor
Viviann	properNoun	swe	Viviann	properNoun	nor
Stokmarknes	properNoun	swe	Stokmarknes	properNoun	nor
Melgaard	properNoun	swe	Melgaard	properNoun	nor
Andres	properNoun	swe	Andres	properNoun	nor
Kuopio	properNoun	swe	Kuopio	properNoun	nor
Pindar	properNoun	swe	Pindar	properNoun	nor
Kaltiainen	properNoun	swe	Kaltiainen	properNoun	nor
Vuollo	properNoun	swe	Vuollo	properNoun	nor
Kværner	properNoun	swe	Kværner	properNoun	nor
Kyynäräinen	properNoun	swe	Kyynäräinen	properNoun	nor
Hielm	properNoun	swe	Hielm	properNoun	nor
Blackie	properNoun	swe	Blackie	properNoun	nor
Torbennjárga	properNoun	swe	Torbennjárga	properNoun	nor
Valppu	properNoun	swe	Valppu	properNoun	nor
Ivvárgoahtevuovdi	properNoun	swe	Ivvárgoahtevuovdi	properNoun	nor
Inuaraq	properNoun	swe	Inuaraq	properNoun	nor
Andrew	properNoun	swe	Andrew	properNoun	nor
Fjaler	properNoun	swe	Fjaler	properNoun	nor
Rosti	properNoun	swe	Rosti	properNoun	nor
Jacqueline	properNoun	swe	Jacqueline	properNoun	nor
Simonnjunni	properNoun	swe	Simonnjunni	properNoun	nor
Valgerd	properNoun	swe	Valgerd	properNoun	nor
Brandvold	properNoun	swe	Brandvold	properNoun	nor
Vestlandet	properNoun	swe	Vestlandet	properNoun	nor
Dagfrid	properNoun	swe	Dagfrid	properNoun	nor
Kvænangen	properNoun	swe	Kvænangen	properNoun	nor
Pettinen	properNoun	swe	Pettinen	properNoun	nor
Sierra	properNoun	swe	Sierra	properNoun	nor
Tynninen	properNoun	swe	Tynninen	properNoun	nor
Reinholdt	properNoun	swe	Reinholdt	properNoun	nor
Kyllästinen	properNoun	swe	Kyllästinen	properNoun	nor
Jahrmann	properNoun	swe	Jahrmann	properNoun	nor
Boman	properNoun	swe	Boman	properNoun	nor
Klæbu	properNoun	swe	Klæbu	properNoun	nor
Limoges	properNoun	swe	Limoges	properNoun	nor
Tienhaara	properNoun	swe	Tienhaara	properNoun	nor
Loppen	properNoun	swe	Loppen	properNoun	nor
Brunila	properNoun	swe	Brunila	properNoun	nor
Lomond	properNoun	swe	Lomond	properNoun	nor
Hardangerjøkulen	properNoun	swe	Hardangerjøkulen	properNoun	nor
Vermont	properNoun	swe	Vermont	properNoun	nor
Oddesund	properNoun	swe	Oddesund	properNoun	nor
Mangelsen	properNoun	swe	Mangelsen	properNoun	nor
Lindbach	properNoun	swe	Lindbach	properNoun	nor
Ovlinvárri	properNoun	swe	Ovlinvárri	properNoun	nor
Hvattum	properNoun	swe	Hvattum	properNoun	nor
Lindback	properNoun	swe	Lindback	properNoun	nor
Gällivare	properNoun	swe	Gällivare	properNoun	nor
Pekonen	properNoun	swe	Pekonen	properNoun	nor
Brevig	properNoun	swe	Brevig	properNoun	nor
Werner	properNoun	swe	Werner	properNoun	nor
Nolsøe	properNoun	swe	Nolsøe	properNoun	nor
Bjørgen	properNoun	swe	Bjørgen	properNoun	nor
Munch	properNoun	swe	Munch	properNoun	nor
Hanhikoski	properNoun	swe	Hanhikoski	properNoun	nor
Sør-Varanger	properNoun	swe	Sør-Varanger	properNoun	nor
Weedon	properNoun	swe	Weedon	properNoun	nor
Jaroslavl	properNoun	swe	Jaroslavl	properNoun	nor
Munck	properNoun	swe	Munck	properNoun	nor
Julku	properNoun	swe	Julku	properNoun	nor
Søriidna	properNoun	swe	Søriidna	properNoun	nor
Senegal	properNoun	swe	Senegal	properNoun	nor
Andersen	properNoun	swe	Andersen	properNoun	nor
Brevik	properNoun	swe	Brevik	properNoun	nor
Koukkula	properNoun	swe	Koukkula	properNoun	nor
Jousmäki	properNoun	swe	Jousmäki	properNoun	nor
Rosshavet	properNoun	swe	Rosshavet	properNoun	nor
Kjeld	properNoun	swe	Kjeld	properNoun	nor
Sakariassen	properNoun	swe	Sakariassen	properNoun	nor
Rautanen	properNoun	swe	Rautanen	properNoun	nor
Luokkanen	properNoun	swe	Luokkanen	properNoun	nor
Mäläskä	properNoun	swe	Mäläskä	properNoun	nor
Karlson	properNoun	swe	Karlson	properNoun	nor
Välinen	properNoun	swe	Välinen	properNoun	nor
Pirttinen	properNoun	swe	Pirttinen	properNoun	nor
Kareinen	properNoun	swe	Kareinen	properNoun	nor
Synneva	properNoun	swe	Synneva	properNoun	nor
Skudeneshavn	properNoun	swe	Skudeneshavn	properNoun	nor
Bávváljávri	properNoun	swe	Bávváljávri	properNoun	nor
Ylinampa	properNoun	swe	Ylinampa	properNoun	nor
Orlaug	properNoun	swe	Orlaug	properNoun	nor
Lillesand	properNoun	swe	Lillesand	properNoun	nor
Pottinger	properNoun	swe	Pottinger	properNoun	nor
Kjell	properNoun	swe	Kjell	properNoun	nor
Wegelius	properNoun	swe	Wegelius	properNoun	nor
Meidell	properNoun	swe	Meidell	properNoun	nor
Kullerud	properNoun	swe	Kullerud	properNoun	nor
Heidrun	properNoun	swe	Heidrun	properNoun	nor
Koivisto	properNoun	swe	Koivisto	properNoun	nor
Holsti	properNoun	swe	Holsti	properNoun	nor
Følling	properNoun	swe	Følling	properNoun	nor
Rosenvinge	properNoun	swe	Rosenvinge	properNoun	nor
Elektrisitetsvesen	properNoun	swe	Elektrisitetsvesen	properNoun	nor
Moddi	properNoun	swe	Moddi	properNoun	nor
Brannsten	properNoun	swe	Brannsten	properNoun	nor
Dáil Éireann	properNoun	swe	Dáil Éireann	properNoun	nor
Sakari	properNoun	swe	Sakari	properNoun	nor
Vevle	properNoun	swe	Vevle	properNoun	nor
Josephsen	properNoun	swe	Josephsen	properNoun	nor
Hohtari	properNoun	swe	Hohtari	properNoun	nor
Tofte	properNoun	swe	Tofte	properNoun	nor
Puttgarden	properNoun	swe	Puttgarden	properNoun	nor
Goldmann	properNoun	swe	Goldmann	properNoun	nor
Bierrelaš	properNoun	swe	Bierrelaš	properNoun	nor
Odny	properNoun	swe	Odny	properNoun	nor
Synnevor	properNoun	swe	Synnevor	properNoun	nor
Melkisedeka	properNoun	swe	Melkisedeka	properNoun	nor
Schmalkalden	properNoun	swe	Schmalkalden	properNoun	nor
Samuelsdatter	properNoun	swe	Samuelsdatter	properNoun	nor
Pieskä	properNoun	swe	Pieskä	properNoun	nor
Nortunen	properNoun	swe	Nortunen	properNoun	nor
Asur	properNoun	swe	Asur	properNoun	nor
Albert	properNoun	swe	Albert	properNoun	nor
Doris	properNoun	swe	Doris	properNoun	nor
Bossvik	properNoun	swe	Bossvik	properNoun	nor
Lincoln	properNoun	swe	Lincoln	properNoun	nor
Foibos	properNoun	swe	Foibos	properNoun	nor
Disenå	properNoun	swe	Disenå	properNoun	nor
Bizet	properNoun	swe	Bizet	properNoun	nor
Moldjord	properNoun	swe	Moldjord	properNoun	nor
Lehmonen	properNoun	swe	Lehmonen	properNoun	nor
Bredeson	properNoun	swe	Bredeson	properNoun	nor
Aker	properNoun	swe	Aker	properNoun	nor
Fransen	properNoun	swe	Fransen	properNoun	nor
Birres	properNoun	swe	Birres	properNoun	nor
Fran	properNoun	swe	Fran	properNoun	nor
Akureyri	properNoun	swe	Akureyri	properNoun	nor
Tobiassen	properNoun	swe	Tobiassen	properNoun	nor
L'Alpe	properNoun	swe	L'Alpe	properNoun	nor
Hautaluoma	properNoun	swe	Hautaluoma	properNoun	nor
Askøy	properNoun	swe	Askøy	properNoun	nor
Ellesuolu	properNoun	swe	Ellesuolu	properNoun	nor
Merja	properNoun	swe	Merja	properNoun	nor
Kaunismäki	properNoun	swe	Kaunismäki	properNoun	nor
Milly	properNoun	swe	Milly	properNoun	nor
Volgograd	properNoun	swe	Volgograd	properNoun	nor
Mikkelson	properNoun	swe	Mikkelson	properNoun	nor
Rydske	properNoun	swe	Rydske	properNoun	nor
Lamminen	properNoun	swe	Lamminen	properNoun	nor
Márttenjunni	properNoun	swe	Márttenjunni	properNoun	nor
Dagrun	properNoun	swe	Dagrun	properNoun	nor
Carpelan	properNoun	swe	Carpelan	properNoun	nor
Hooli	properNoun	swe	Hooli	properNoun	nor
Eskilstuna	properNoun	swe	Eskilstuna	properNoun	nor
Paukkeri	properNoun	swe	Paukkeri	properNoun	nor
Bill	properNoun	swe	Bill	properNoun	nor
Nyland	properNoun	swe	Nyland	properNoun	nor
Berkhamsted	properNoun	swe	Berkhamsted	properNoun	nor
Kiviranta	properNoun	swe	Kiviranta	properNoun	nor
Gelencser	properNoun	swe	Gelencser	properNoun	nor
Ingulf	properNoun	swe	Ingulf	properNoun	nor
Aano	properNoun	swe	Aano	properNoun	nor
Vuojaš	properNoun	swe	Vuojaš	properNoun	nor
Skauge	properNoun	swe	Skauge	properNoun	nor
Korppijärvi	properNoun	swe	Korppijärvi	properNoun	nor
Dedekam	properNoun	swe	Dedekam	properNoun	nor
Ilmasti	properNoun	swe	Ilmasti	properNoun	nor
Hautamäki	properNoun	swe	Hautamäki	properNoun	nor
Simoniva	properNoun	swe	Simoniva	properNoun	nor
Novotny	properNoun	swe	Novotny	properNoun	nor
Maiti	properNoun	swe	Maiti	properNoun	nor
Hits	properNoun	swe	Hits	properNoun	nor
Schwarck	properNoun	swe	Schwarck	properNoun	nor
Sabena	properNoun	swe	Sabena	properNoun	nor
Simula	properNoun	swe	Simula	properNoun	nor
Allen	properNoun	swe	Allen	properNoun	nor
Elle-Márjjajávri	properNoun	swe	Elle-Márjjajávri	properNoun	nor
Vedel	properNoun	swe	Vedel	properNoun	nor
Nysæter	properNoun	swe	Nysæter	properNoun	nor
Hiljanen	properNoun	swe	Hiljanen	properNoun	nor
Kettis	properNoun	swe	Kettis	properNoun	nor
Günter	properNoun	swe	Günter	properNoun	nor
Antikainen	properNoun	swe	Antikainen	properNoun	nor
Agderkysten	properNoun	swe	Agderkysten	properNoun	nor
Reiulf	properNoun	swe	Reiulf	properNoun	nor
Gunnvor	properNoun	swe	Gunnvor	properNoun	nor
Bendikssen	properNoun	swe	Bendikssen	properNoun	nor
Palviainen	properNoun	swe	Palviainen	properNoun	nor
Hitz	properNoun	swe	Hitz	properNoun	nor
Blakstad	properNoun	swe	Blakstad	properNoun	nor
Bredessen	properNoun	swe	Bredessen	properNoun	nor
Kisser	properNoun	swe	Kisser	properNoun	nor
Huiskonen	properNoun	swe	Huiskonen	properNoun	nor
Burton-upon-Trent	properNoun	swe	Burton-upon-Trent	properNoun	nor
Leppäniemi	properNoun	swe	Leppäniemi	properNoun	nor
Lehtomaa	properNoun	swe	Lehtomaa	properNoun	nor
Hausken	properNoun	swe	Hausken	properNoun	nor
Jahseel	properNoun	swe	Jahseel	properNoun	nor
Johnsson	properNoun	swe	Johnsson	properNoun	nor
Unna	properNoun	swe	Unna	properNoun	nor
Paasilinna	properNoun	swe	Paasilinna	properNoun	nor
Iiskola	properNoun	swe	Iiskola	properNoun	nor
Spangereid	properNoun	swe	Spangereid	properNoun	nor
Bøthun	properNoun	swe	Bøthun	properNoun	nor
Lagerfeldt	properNoun	swe	Lagerfeldt	properNoun	nor
Sørreisa	properNoun	swe	Sørreisa	properNoun	nor
Amiens	properNoun	swe	Amiens	properNoun	nor
Tenkanen	properNoun	swe	Tenkanen	properNoun	nor
Joys	properNoun	swe	Joys	properNoun	nor
Lytcherath	properNoun	swe	Lytcherath	properNoun	nor
Hestetun	properNoun	swe	Hestetun	properNoun	nor
Olslubbo	properNoun	swe	Olslubbo	properNoun	nor
Trinidad	properNoun	swe	Trinidad	properNoun	nor
Sulawesi	properNoun	swe	Sulawesi	properNoun	nor
Töyräs	properNoun	swe	Töyräs	properNoun	nor
Hännikäinen	properNoun	swe	Hännikäinen	properNoun	nor
Halko	properNoun	swe	Halko	properNoun	nor
Gunnvald	properNoun	swe	Gunnvald	properNoun	nor
Unni	properNoun	swe	Unni	properNoun	nor
Bruaset	properNoun	swe	Bruaset	properNoun	nor
Kathleen	properNoun	swe	Kathleen	properNoun	nor
Suovasvárri	properNoun	swe	Suovasvárri	properNoun	nor
Melleby	properNoun	swe	Melleby	properNoun	nor
Dolpenjunni	properNoun	swe	Dolpenjunni	properNoun	nor
Stefan	properNoun	swe	Stefan	properNoun	nor
Åknes	properNoun	swe	Åknes	properNoun	nor
Thorstvedt	properNoun	swe	Thorstvedt	properNoun	nor
Laina	properNoun	swe	Laina	properNoun	nor
Dnepr	properNoun	swe	Dnepr	properNoun	nor
Veikkanen	properNoun	swe	Veikkanen	properNoun	nor
Kjøs	properNoun	swe	Kjøs	properNoun	nor
Magreta	properNoun	swe	Magreta	properNoun	nor
Paave	properNoun	swe	Paave	properNoun	nor
Föhr	properNoun	swe	Föhr	properNoun	nor
Bratland	properNoun	swe	Bratland	properNoun	nor
Laine	properNoun	swe	Laine	properNoun	nor
Michel	properNoun	swe	Michel	properNoun	nor
Kjørven	properNoun	swe	Kjørven	properNoun	nor
Wakefield	properNoun	swe	Wakefield	properNoun	nor
Tryti	properNoun	swe	Tryti	properNoun	nor
Lumholtz	properNoun	swe	Lumholtz	properNoun	nor
Sørbye	properNoun	swe	Sørbye	properNoun	nor
Biltojávrrit	properNoun	swe	Biltojávrrit	properNoun	nor
Fijiøyene	properNoun	swe	Fijiøyene	properNoun	nor
Hearrá	properNoun	swe	Hearrá	properNoun	nor
Gibostad	properNoun	swe	Gibostad	properNoun	nor
Surakka	properNoun	swe	Surakka	properNoun	nor
Humalajoki	properNoun	swe	Humalajoki	properNoun	nor
Espedalen	properNoun	swe	Espedalen	properNoun	nor
Brusemyr	properNoun	swe	Brusemyr	properNoun	nor
Arafat	properNoun	swe	Arafat	properNoun	nor
Gamvik	properNoun	swe	Gamvik	properNoun	nor
Parsifal	properNoun	swe	Parsifal	properNoun	nor
Paavo	properNoun	swe	Paavo	properNoun	nor
Ditleff	properNoun	swe	Ditleff	properNoun	nor
Skougaard	properNoun	swe	Skougaard	properNoun	nor
Esekin	properNoun	swe	Esekin	properNoun	nor
Vierelä	properNoun	swe	Vierelä	properNoun	nor
Schiefloe	properNoun	swe	Schiefloe	properNoun	nor
Sokka	properNoun	swe	Sokka	properNoun	nor
Siirtola	properNoun	swe	Siirtola	properNoun	nor
Hadsund	properNoun	swe	Hadsund	properNoun	nor
Sachsen	properNoun	swe	Sachsen	properNoun	nor
Ganges	properNoun	swe	Ganges	properNoun	nor
Mankinen	properNoun	swe	Mankinen	properNoun	nor
Baggesen	properNoun	swe	Baggesen	properNoun	nor
Axelsen	properNoun	swe	Axelsen	properNoun	nor
Frognerparken	properNoun	swe	Frognerparken	properNoun	nor
Icheng	properNoun	swe	Icheng	properNoun	nor
Forus	properNoun	swe	Forus	properNoun	nor
Vaattovaara	properNoun	swe	Vaattovaara	properNoun	nor
Timperi	properNoun	swe	Timperi	properNoun	nor
Mundy	properNoun	swe	Mundy	properNoun	nor
Krosnes	properNoun	swe	Krosnes	properNoun	nor
Barsnes	properNoun	swe	Barsnes	properNoun	nor
Olesen	properNoun	swe	Olesen	properNoun	nor
Sokki	properNoun	swe	Sokki	properNoun	nor
Broman	properNoun	swe	Broman	properNoun	nor
Avdotja	properNoun	swe	Avdotja	properNoun	nor
Camelus	properNoun	swe	Camelus	properNoun	nor
Thor-Inge	properNoun	swe	Thor-Inge	properNoun	nor
Vehviläinen	properNoun	swe	Vehviläinen	properNoun	nor
Laugen	properNoun	swe	Laugen	properNoun	nor
Juopperi	properNoun	swe	Juopperi	properNoun	nor
Ilmonen	properNoun	swe	Ilmonen	properNoun	nor
Brothers	properNoun	swe	Brothers	properNoun	nor
Heijá	properNoun	swe	Heijá	properNoun	nor
Wærner	properNoun	swe	Wærner	properNoun	nor
Wærnes	properNoun	swe	Wærnes	properNoun	nor
Marthinusson	properNoun	swe	Marthinusson	properNoun	nor
Sarah	properNoun	swe	Sarah	properNoun	nor
Møller	properNoun	swe	Møller	properNoun	nor
Lahdensuo	properNoun	swe	Lahdensuo	properNoun	nor
Kaifeng	properNoun	swe	Kaifeng	properNoun	nor
Sarai	properNoun	swe	Sarai	properNoun	nor
Kårvik	properNoun	swe	Kårvik	properNoun	nor
Korsvik	properNoun	swe	Korsvik	properNoun	nor
Kulttor-Ásllat	properNoun	swe	Kulttor-Ásllat	properNoun	nor
Sarak	properNoun	swe	Sarak	properNoun	nor
Barry	properNoun	swe	Barry	properNoun	nor
Fuglehuken	properNoun	swe	Fuglehuken	properNoun	nor
Holand	properNoun	swe	Holand	properNoun	nor
Flint	properNoun	swe	Flint	properNoun	nor
Thure	properNoun	swe	Thure	properNoun	nor
Jannes	properNoun	swe	Jannes	properNoun	nor
Lanka	properNoun	swe	Lanka	properNoun	nor
Tharaldsson	properNoun	swe	Tharaldsson	properNoun	nor
Gulborg	properNoun	swe	Gulborg	properNoun	nor
Ánnán	properNoun	swe	Ánnán	properNoun	nor
Östby	properNoun	swe	Östby	properNoun	nor
Ringen	properNoun	swe	Ringen	properNoun	nor
Kiseljova	properNoun	swe	Kiseljova	properNoun	nor
Pentinmäki	properNoun	swe	Pentinmäki	properNoun	nor
Grimsø	properNoun	swe	Grimsø	properNoun	nor
Greåker	properNoun	swe	Greåker	properNoun	nor
Sørensen	properNoun	swe	Sørensen	properNoun	nor
Raitanen	properNoun	swe	Raitanen	properNoun	nor
Lanki	properNoun	swe	Lanki	properNoun	nor
Dunfjeld	properNoun	swe	Dunfjeld	properNoun	nor
Nilsa	properNoun	swe	Nilsa	properNoun	nor
Dora	properNoun	swe	Dora	properNoun	nor
Lorentsson	properNoun	swe	Lorentsson	properNoun	nor
Vylka	properNoun	swe	Vylka	properNoun	nor
Imsen	properNoun	swe	Imsen	properNoun	nor
Maukonen	properNoun	swe	Maukonen	properNoun	nor
Luhkkar	properNoun	swe	Luhkkar	properNoun	nor
Manuel	properNoun	swe	Manuel	properNoun	nor
Káhtariidna	properNoun	swe	Káhtariidna	properNoun	nor
Alfsen	properNoun	swe	Alfsen	properNoun	nor
Adeler	properNoun	swe	Adeler	properNoun	nor
Nilse	properNoun	swe	Nilse	properNoun	nor
Florelius	properNoun	swe	Florelius	properNoun	nor
Borgen	properNoun	swe	Borgen	properNoun	nor
Gabon	properNoun	swe	Gabon	properNoun	nor
Marcusson	properNoun	swe	Marcusson	properNoun	nor
Leppäkorpi	properNoun	swe	Leppäkorpi	properNoun	nor
Thorild	properNoun	swe	Thorild	properNoun	nor
Halla	properNoun	swe	Halla	properNoun	nor
Taneli-Iisakki	properNoun	swe	Taneli-Iisakki	properNoun	nor
Borger	properNoun	swe	Borger	properNoun	nor
Borges	properNoun	swe	Borges	properNoun	nor
Piettar	properNoun	swe	Piettar	properNoun	nor
Iyang	properNoun	swe	Iyang	properNoun	nor
Ylijoki	properNoun	swe	Ylijoki	properNoun	nor
Halle	properNoun	swe	Halle	properNoun	nor
Vassfaret	properNoun	swe	Vassfaret	properNoun	nor
Thomassen	properNoun	swe	Thomassen	properNoun	nor
Kohl	properNoun	swe	Kohl	properNoun	nor
Kvikne	properNoun	swe	Kvikne	properNoun	nor
Josias	properNoun	swe	Josias	properNoun	nor
Thorill	properNoun	swe	Thorill	properNoun	nor
Varsi	properNoun	swe	Varsi	properNoun	nor
Kiviluoto	properNoun	swe	Kiviluoto	properNoun	nor
Khaled	properNoun	swe	Khaled	properNoun	nor
Koho	properNoun	swe	Koho	properNoun	nor
Otilie	properNoun	swe	Otilie	properNoun	nor
Færder	properNoun	swe	Færder	properNoun	nor
Hotvedt	properNoun	swe	Hotvedt	properNoun	nor
Torgerssen	properNoun	swe	Torgerssen	properNoun	nor
Jennifer	properNoun	swe	Jennifer	properNoun	nor
Endressen	properNoun	swe	Endressen	properNoun	nor
Sjøvold	properNoun	swe	Sjøvold	properNoun	nor
Rapatti	properNoun	swe	Rapatti	properNoun	nor
Koht	properNoun	swe	Koht	properNoun	nor
Farvelund	properNoun	swe	Farvelund	properNoun	nor
Løvenstad	properNoun	swe	Løvenstad	properNoun	nor
Pönni	properNoun	swe	Pönni	properNoun	nor
MacPost	properNoun	swe	MacPost	properNoun	nor
Birkely	properNoun	swe	Birkely	properNoun	nor
Borregaardkonsernet	properNoun	swe	Borregaardkonsernet	properNoun	nor
Paananen	properNoun	swe	Paananen	properNoun	nor
Caspersen	properNoun	swe	Caspersen	properNoun	nor
Nattland	properNoun	swe	Nattland	properNoun	nor
Buckwalter	properNoun	swe	Buckwalter	properNoun	nor
Panchen	properNoun	swe	Panchen	properNoun	nor
Kjerulf	properNoun	swe	Kjerulf	properNoun	nor
Arvasli	properNoun	swe	Arvasli	properNoun	nor
Tyrifjorden	properNoun	swe	Tyrifjorden	properNoun	nor
Weltzin	properNoun	swe	Weltzin	properNoun	nor
Kolås	properNoun	swe	Kolås	properNoun	nor
Kohtamäki	properNoun	swe	Kohtamäki	properNoun	nor
Rummelhoff	properNoun	swe	Rummelhoff	properNoun	nor
Hergel	properNoun	swe	Hergel	properNoun	nor
Brænne	properNoun	swe	Brænne	properNoun	nor
Shanti	properNoun	swe	Shanti	properNoun	nor
Mikkelsson	properNoun	swe	Mikkelsson	properNoun	nor
Vittaniemi	properNoun	swe	Vittaniemi	properNoun	nor
Viltok	properNoun	swe	Viltok	properNoun	nor
Suvi	properNoun	swe	Suvi	properNoun	nor
Ingun	properNoun	swe	Ingun	properNoun	nor
Bearaguoika	properNoun	swe	Bearaguoika	properNoun	nor
Tomine	properNoun	swe	Tomine	properNoun	nor
Muni	properNoun	swe	Muni	properNoun	nor
Vaggeryd	properNoun	swe	Vaggeryd	properNoun	nor
Koivuranta	properNoun	swe	Koivuranta	properNoun	nor
Gjermundsen	properNoun	swe	Gjermundsen	properNoun	nor
Værnes	properNoun	swe	Værnes	properNoun	nor
Romppanen	properNoun	swe	Romppanen	properNoun	nor
Forbech	properNoun	swe	Forbech	properNoun	nor
Voldemort	properNoun	swe	Voldemort	properNoun	nor
Munk	properNoun	swe	Munk	properNoun	nor
Maaskola	properNoun	swe	Maaskola	properNoun	nor
Huuska	properNoun	swe	Huuska	properNoun	nor
Brunchhorst	properNoun	swe	Brunchhorst	properNoun	nor
Marbella	properNoun	swe	Marbella	properNoun	nor
Leren	properNoun	swe	Leren	properNoun	nor
Jágát	properNoun	swe	Jágát	properNoun	nor
Jul	properNoun	swe	Jul	properNoun	nor
Mávnos	properNoun	swe	Mávnos	properNoun	nor
Øzerk	properNoun	swe	Øzerk	properNoun	nor
Øvsthus	properNoun	swe	Øvsthus	properNoun	nor
Pätilä	properNoun	swe	Pätilä	properNoun	nor
Guhttor	properNoun	swe	Guhttor	properNoun	nor
Apfia	properNoun	swe	Apfia	properNoun	nor
Alamäki	properNoun	swe	Alamäki	properNoun	nor
Gáddjájávri	properNoun	swe	Gáddjájávri	properNoun	nor
Poggats	properNoun	swe	Poggats	properNoun	nor
Mære	properNoun	swe	Mære	properNoun	nor
Helsethvingen	properNoun	swe	Helsethvingen	properNoun	nor
Heath	properNoun	swe	Heath	properNoun	nor
Jörgen	properNoun	swe	Jörgen	properNoun	nor
Fire-Joavnna	properNoun	swe	Fire-Joavnna	properNoun	nor
Hallvar	properNoun	swe	Hallvar	properNoun	nor
Mildred	properNoun	swe	Mildred	properNoun	nor
Valldal	properNoun	swe	Valldal	properNoun	nor
Sjöström	properNoun	swe	Sjöström	properNoun	nor
Pihkala	properNoun	swe	Pihkala	properNoun	nor
Oinas	properNoun	swe	Oinas	properNoun	nor
Lehne	properNoun	swe	Lehne	properNoun	nor
Kyrillos	properNoun	swe	Kyrillos	properNoun	nor
Albrigtsen	properNoun	swe	Albrigtsen	properNoun	nor
Ben	properNoun	swe	Ben	properNoun	nor
Silvola	properNoun	swe	Silvola	properNoun	nor
Ráste	properNoun	swe	Ráste	properNoun	nor
Iisakka	properNoun	swe	Iisakka	properNoun	nor
Grieghallen	properNoun	swe	Grieghallen	properNoun	nor
Saxerud	properNoun	swe	Saxerud	properNoun	nor
Georgsen	properNoun	swe	Georgsen	properNoun	nor
Throndsson	properNoun	swe	Throndsson	properNoun	nor
Hårfagre	properNoun	swe	Hårfagre	properNoun	nor
Mihkkal	properNoun	swe	Mihkkal	properNoun	nor
Ivvár	properNoun	swe	Ivvár	properNoun	nor
Biennaš-Jon	properNoun	swe	Biennaš-Jon	properNoun	nor
Molstad	properNoun	swe	Molstad	properNoun	nor
Kjenn	properNoun	swe	Kjenn	properNoun	nor
Haukås	properNoun	swe	Haukås	properNoun	nor
Uski	properNoun	swe	Uski	properNoun	nor
Huusko	properNoun	swe	Huusko	properNoun	nor
Riikagárdevárri	properNoun	swe	Riikagárdevárri	properNoun	nor
Udsen	properNoun	swe	Udsen	properNoun	nor
Obstfelder	properNoun	swe	Obstfelder	properNoun	nor
Tranberg	properNoun	swe	Tranberg	properNoun	nor
Rautakorpi	properNoun	swe	Rautakorpi	properNoun	nor
Hanhisalo	properNoun	swe	Hanhisalo	properNoun	nor
Wleugel	properNoun	swe	Wleugel	properNoun	nor
Vuolát	properNoun	swe	Vuolát	properNoun	nor
Krogerus	properNoun	swe	Krogerus	properNoun	nor
Delacroix	properNoun	swe	Delacroix	properNoun	nor
Grenen	properNoun	swe	Grenen	properNoun	nor
Iisakki	properNoun	swe	Iisakki	properNoun	nor
New Hampshire	properNoun	swe	New Hampshire	properNoun	nor
Buvåg	properNoun	swe	Buvåg	properNoun	nor
Solvang	properNoun	swe	Solvang	properNoun	nor
Hækkerup	properNoun	swe	Hækkerup	properNoun	nor
Usko	properNoun	swe	Usko	properNoun	nor
Stenberg	properNoun	swe	Stenberg	properNoun	nor
Elnes	properNoun	swe	Elnes	properNoun	nor
Ylänen	properNoun	swe	Ylänen	properNoun	nor
Haapoja	properNoun	swe	Haapoja	properNoun	nor
Sáráhkká	properNoun	swe	Sáráhkká	properNoun	nor
Omdurman	properNoun	swe	Omdurman	properNoun	nor
Carrie	properNoun	swe	Carrie	properNoun	nor
Sireeni	properNoun	swe	Sireeni	properNoun	nor
Kasai	properNoun	swe	Kasai	properNoun	nor
Huygens	properNoun	swe	Huygens	properNoun	nor
Gad	properNoun	swe	Gad	properNoun	nor
Bing	properNoun	swe	Bing	properNoun	nor
Nang	properNoun	swe	Nang	properNoun	nor
Haff	properNoun	swe	Haff	properNoun	nor
Jyri	properNoun	swe	Jyri	properNoun	nor
Tavi	properNoun	swe	Tavi	properNoun	nor
Rørvig	properNoun	swe	Rørvig	properNoun	nor
Pingi	properNoun	swe	Pingi	properNoun	nor
Andersdtr.	properNoun	swe	Andersdtr.	properNoun	nor
Båsmoen	properNoun	swe	Båsmoen	properNoun	nor
Space	properNoun	swe	Space	properNoun	nor
Tammi	properNoun	swe	Tammi	properNoun	nor
Paakulainen	properNoun	swe	Paakulainen	properNoun	nor
Kuoljok-Angéus	properNoun	swe	Kuoljok-Angéus	properNoun	nor
Kaija	properNoun	swe	Kaija	properNoun	nor
Ingund	properNoun	swe	Ingund	properNoun	nor
Tjaberg	properNoun	swe	Tjaberg	properNoun	nor
Taanila	properNoun	swe	Taanila	properNoun	nor
Roivas	properNoun	swe	Roivas	properNoun	nor
Rørvik	properNoun	swe	Rørvik	properNoun	nor
Eldbjørg	properNoun	swe	Eldbjørg	properNoun	nor
Rehabeam	properNoun	swe	Rehabeam	properNoun	nor
Nann	properNoun	swe	Nann	properNoun	nor
Aapo	properNoun	swe	Aapo	properNoun	nor
Simonson	properNoun	swe	Simonson	properNoun	nor
Komsomolsk	properNoun	swe	Komsomolsk	properNoun	nor
Girud	properNoun	swe	Girud	properNoun	nor
Gan	properNoun	swe	Gan	properNoun	nor
Helgevárri	properNoun	swe	Helgevárri	properNoun	nor
Seljeseth	properNoun	swe	Seljeseth	properNoun	nor
Manners	properNoun	swe	Manners	properNoun	nor
Náhkol	properNoun	swe	Náhkol	properNoun	nor
Mathiassen	properNoun	swe	Mathiassen	properNoun	nor
Aurlandselva	properNoun	swe	Aurlandselva	properNoun	nor
Skarstein	properNoun	swe	Skarstein	properNoun	nor
Mansfield	properNoun	swe	Mansfield	properNoun	nor
Hostikka	properNoun	swe	Hostikka	properNoun	nor
Sigbjørn	properNoun	swe	Sigbjørn	properNoun	nor
Kristiinná	properNoun	swe	Kristiinná	properNoun	nor
Illinois	properNoun	swe	Illinois	properNoun	nor
Hafr	properNoun	swe	Hafr	properNoun	nor
Gat	properNoun	swe	Gat	properNoun	nor
Ingunn	properNoun	swe	Ingunn	properNoun	nor
Gulskogen	properNoun	swe	Gulskogen	properNoun	nor
Ramas	properNoun	swe	Ramas	properNoun	nor
Osmala	properNoun	swe	Osmala	properNoun	nor
Aarne	properNoun	swe	Aarne	properNoun	nor
Eirik	properNoun	swe	Eirik	properNoun	nor
Novaja	properNoun	swe	Novaja	properNoun	nor
Himalaya	properNoun	swe	Himalaya	properNoun	nor
Bygdin	properNoun	swe	Bygdin	properNoun	nor
Tilvis	properNoun	swe	Tilvis	properNoun	nor
Sørvik	properNoun	swe	Sørvik	properNoun	nor
Heuch	properNoun	swe	Heuch	properNoun	nor
Halme	properNoun	swe	Halme	properNoun	nor
Pradesh	properNoun	swe	Pradesh	properNoun	nor
Vatanen	properNoun	swe	Vatanen	properNoun	nor
Soltun	properNoun	swe	Soltun	properNoun	nor
Grønlie	properNoun	swe	Grønlie	properNoun	nor
Finnmárkkukommišuvdna	properNoun	swe	Finnmárkkukommišuvdna	properNoun	nor
Eirin	properNoun	swe	Eirin	properNoun	nor
Mehto	properNoun	swe	Mehto	properNoun	nor
Aarni	properNoun	swe	Aarni	properNoun	nor
Kolstad	properNoun	swe	Kolstad	properNoun	nor
Flemming	properNoun	swe	Flemming	properNoun	nor
Sheffield	properNoun	swe	Sheffield	properNoun	nor
Antwerpen	properNoun	swe	Antwerpen	properNoun	nor
Tolkkinen	properNoun	swe	Tolkkinen	properNoun	nor
Saarinen	properNoun	swe	Saarinen	properNoun	nor
Kimpimäki	properNoun	swe	Kimpimäki	properNoun	nor
Martinus	properNoun	swe	Martinus	properNoun	nor
Gramm	properNoun	swe	Gramm	properNoun	nor
Sør-Vestlandet	properNoun	swe	Sør-Vestlandet	properNoun	nor
Reykjavik	properNoun	swe	Reykjavik	properNoun	nor
Kvarme	properNoun	swe	Kvarme	properNoun	nor
Benneche	properNoun	swe	Benneche	properNoun	nor
Simonaho	properNoun	swe	Simonaho	properNoun	nor
Korslund	properNoun	swe	Korslund	properNoun	nor
Sakarias	properNoun	swe	Sakarias	properNoun	nor
Ravaska	properNoun	swe	Ravaska	properNoun	nor
Hekla	properNoun	swe	Hekla	properNoun	nor
Villagráb	properNoun	swe	Villagráb	properNoun	nor
Andrevitsj	properNoun	swe	Andrevitsj	properNoun	nor
Gulbrandssen	properNoun	swe	Gulbrandssen	properNoun	nor
Lauritsson	properNoun	swe	Lauritsson	properNoun	nor
Vollertsen	properNoun	swe	Vollertsen	properNoun	nor
Hutri	properNoun	swe	Hutri	properNoun	nor
Hartvig	properNoun	swe	Hartvig	properNoun	nor
Ánddir	properNoun	swe	Ánddir	properNoun	nor
Ingve	properNoun	swe	Ingve	properNoun	nor
Bjørnstad	properNoun	swe	Bjørnstad	properNoun	nor
III	properNoun	swe	III	properNoun	nor
Lauritzsen	properNoun	swe	Lauritzsen	properNoun	nor
Eidbukt	properNoun	swe	Eidbukt	properNoun	nor
Veines	properNoun	swe	Veines	properNoun	nor
Krokstad	properNoun	swe	Krokstad	properNoun	nor
Jaatinen	properNoun	swe	Jaatinen	properNoun	nor
Lyche	properNoun	swe	Lyche	properNoun	nor
Hovland	properNoun	swe	Hovland	properNoun	nor
Hartvik	properNoun	swe	Hartvik	properNoun	nor
Blaauw	properNoun	swe	Blaauw	properNoun	nor
Tarik	properNoun	swe	Tarik	properNoun	nor
Mökkönen	properNoun	swe	Mökkönen	properNoun	nor
Hystad	properNoun	swe	Hystad	properNoun	nor
Gedionsen	properNoun	swe	Gedionsen	properNoun	nor
Teoderik	properNoun	swe	Teoderik	properNoun	nor
Tertti	properNoun	swe	Tertti	properNoun	nor
Marselius	properNoun	swe	Marselius	properNoun	nor
Mercedes	properNoun	swe	Mercedes	properNoun	nor
Ørvig	properNoun	swe	Ørvig	properNoun	nor
Kero	properNoun	swe	Kero	properNoun	nor
Severinsen	properNoun	swe	Severinsen	properNoun	nor
Wheel	properNoun	swe	Wheel	properNoun	nor
Áttámajávri	properNoun	swe	Áttámajávri	properNoun	nor
Nousuniemi	properNoun	swe	Nousuniemi	properNoun	nor
Gjendem	properNoun	swe	Gjendem	properNoun	nor
Wendy	properNoun	swe	Wendy	properNoun	nor
Ørvik	properNoun	swe	Ørvik	properNoun	nor
Sergijev	properNoun	swe	Sergijev	properNoun	nor
Waterford	properNoun	swe	Waterford	properNoun	nor
Piili	properNoun	swe	Piili	properNoun	nor
Kert	properNoun	swe	Kert	properNoun	nor
Västra	properNoun	swe	Västra	properNoun	nor
Uruguay	properNoun	swe	Uruguay	properNoun	nor
Gudbrandson	properNoun	swe	Gudbrandson	properNoun	nor
Kruse	properNoun	swe	Kruse	properNoun	nor
Kankkonen	properNoun	swe	Kankkonen	properNoun	nor
Minnesund	properNoun	swe	Minnesund	properNoun	nor
Tuen	properNoun	swe	Tuen	properNoun	nor
Nordhaug	properNoun	swe	Nordhaug	properNoun	nor
Rein	properNoun	swe	Rein	properNoun	nor
New York	properNoun	swe	New York	properNoun	nor
Kalifornien	properNoun	swe	California	properNoun	nor
California	properNoun	swe	California	properNoun	nor
Los Angeles	properNoun	swe	Los Angeles	properNoun	nor
North Carolina	properNoun	swe	Nord-Carolina	properNoun	nor
Västerås	properNoun	swe	Västerås	properNoun	nor
Skåne	properNoun	swe	Skåne	properNoun	nor
Örebro	properNoun	swe	Örebro	properNoun	nor
Nordiska rådet	properNoun	swe	Nordisk Råd	properNoun	nor
Färöarna	properNoun	swe	Færøyane	properNoun	nor
Färöarna	properNoun	swe	Færøyene	properNoun	nor
Bromley	properNoun	swe	Bromley	properNoun	nor
Redbridge	properNoun	swe	Redbridge	properNoun	nor
Wandsworth	properNoun	swe	Wandsworth	properNoun	nor
Haringey	properNoun	swe	Haringey	properNoun	nor
Southwark	properNoun	swe	Southwark	properNoun	nor
Enfield	properNoun	swe	Enfield	properNoun	nor
Lambeth	properNoun	swe	Lambeth	properNoun	nor
Bexley	properNoun	swe	Bexley	properNoun	nor
Hounslow	properNoun	swe	Hounslow	properNoun	nor
Hackney	properNoun	swe	Hackney	properNoun	nor
Camden	properNoun	swe	Camden	properNoun	nor
Havering	properNoun	swe	Havering	properNoun	nor
Lewisham	properNoun	swe	Lewisham	properNoun	nor
Ealing	properNoun	swe	Ealing	properNoun	nor
Newham	properNoun	swe	Newham	properNoun	nor
Hillingdon	properNoun	swe	Hillingdon	properNoun	nor
Sutton	properNoun	swe	Sutton	properNoun	nor
Merton	properNoun	swe	Merton	properNoun	nor
Islington	properNoun	swe	Islington	properNoun	nor
Tower Hamlets	properNoun	swe	Tower Hamlets	properNoun	nor
Waltham Forest	properNoun	swe	Waltham Forest	properNoun	nor
Barnet	properNoun	swe	Barnet	properNoun	nor
Harrow	properNoun	swe	Harrow	properNoun	nor
Brent	properNoun	swe	Brent	properNoun	nor
Croydon	properNoun	swe	Croydon	properNoun	nor
30 St Mary Axe	properNoun	swe	30 St Mary Axe	properNoun	nor
A Coruña	properNoun	swe	La Coruña	properNoun	nor
Aa	properNoun	swe	Aa	properNoun	nor
Aabach	properNoun	swe	Aabach	properNoun	nor
Aach ed Djâjé	properNoun	swe	Aach ed Djâjé	properNoun	nor
Aachen	properNoun	swe	Aachen	properNoun	nor
Aafrah	properNoun	swe	Aafrah	properNoun	nor
Aaiha	properNoun	swe	Aaiha	properNoun	nor
Aakjær	properNoun	swe	Aakjær	properNoun	nor
Aakkâr	properNoun	swe	Akkar	properNoun	nor
Aal	properNoun	swe	Aal	properNoun	nor
Aaley	properNoun	swe	Aley	properNoun	nor
Aalten	properNoun	swe	Aalten	properNoun	nor
Aarau	properNoun	swe	Aarau	properNoun	nor
Aarberg	properNoun	swe	Aarberg	properNoun	nor
Aarburg	properNoun	swe	Aarburg	properNoun	nor
Aard el Borj	properNoun	swe	Aard el Borj	properNoun	nor
Aareschlucht	properNoun	swe	Aareschlucht	properNoun	nor
Aargau	properNoun	swe	Aargau	properNoun	nor
Aargletscherna	properNoun	swe	Aargletscher	properNoun	nor
Aarid Maql Saab	properNoun	swe	Aarid Maql Saab	properNoun	nor
Aarup	properNoun	swe	Aarup	properNoun	nor
Aarwangen	properNoun	swe	Aarwangen	properNoun	nor
Aasiaat	properNoun	swe	Aasiaat	properNoun	nor
Aastrup	properNoun	swe	Aastrup	properNoun	nor
Aba	properNoun	swe	Aba	properNoun	nor
Abakaliki	properNoun	swe	Abakaliki	properNoun	nor
Abancay	properNoun	swe	Abancay	properNoun	nor
Abarim	properNoun	swe	Abarim	properNoun	nor
Abaza	properNoun	swe	Abaza	properNoun	nor
Abbekås	properNoun	swe	Abbekås	properNoun	nor
Abbeville	properNoun	swe	Abbeville	properNoun	nor
Abbey Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Abbey Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Abbey Road Studios	properNoun	swe	Abbey Road Studios	properNoun	nor
Abbiategrasso	properNoun	swe	Abbiategrasso	properNoun	nor
Abborrberg	properNoun	swe	Abborrberg	properNoun	nor
Abborrberget	properNoun	swe	Abborrberget	properNoun	nor
Abbs	properNoun	swe	Abbs	properNoun	nor
Abdera	properNoun	swe	Abdera	properNoun	nor
Abdera	properNoun	swe	Ávdira	properNoun	nor
Abel Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Abel Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Abele Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Abele Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Abelvattnet	properNoun	swe	Abelvattnet	properNoun	nor
Abeløya	properNoun	swe	Abeløya	properNoun	nor
Abeokuta	properNoun	swe	Abeokuta	properNoun	nor
Abercrombie Crests	properNoun	swe	Abercrombie Crests	properNoun	nor
Aberdeenshire	properNoun	swe	Aberdeenshire	properNoun	nor
Aberlady Bay	properNoun	swe	Aberlady Bay	properNoun	nor
Abernethy Flats	properNoun	swe	Abernethy Flats	properNoun	nor
Abernethy	properNoun	swe	Abernethy	properNoun	nor
Abington	properNoun	swe	Abington	properNoun	nor
Abisko	properNoun	swe	Abisko	properNoun	nor
Abiskojaure	properNoun	swe	Abiskojaure	properNoun	nor
Abiskojåkka	properNoun	swe	Abiskojåkka	properNoun	nor
Ablation Lake	properNoun	swe	Ablation Lake	properNoun	nor
Ablation Valley	properNoun	swe	Ablation Valley	properNoun	nor
Abmoträsk	properNoun	swe	Abmoträsk	properNoun	nor
Aboa	properNoun	swe	Aboa	properNoun	nor
Abomey	properNoun	swe	Abomey	properNoun	nor
Abraur	properNoun	swe	Abraur	properNoun	nor
Abruzzo	properNoun	swe	Abruzzo	properNoun	nor
Abrö	properNoun	swe	Abruka	properNoun	nor
Absam	properNoun	swe	Absam	properNoun	nor
Abtsgmünd	properNoun	swe	Abtsgmünd	properNoun	nor
Abtwil	properNoun	swe	Abtwil	properNoun	nor
Abu Dhabi	properNoun	swe	Abu Dhabi	properNoun	nor
Abu Kamal	properNoun	swe	Abu Kamal	properNoun	nor
Abu Kamal	properNoun	swe	Al-Bukamal	properNoun	nor
Abuja	properNoun	swe	Abuja	properNoun	nor
Abukir	properNoun	swe	Abukir	properNoun	nor
Abus Valley	properNoun	swe	Abus Valley	properNoun	nor
Academia Brasileira de Letras	properNoun	swe	Academia Brasileira de Letras	properNoun	nor
Academy of Music	properNoun	swe	Academy of Music	properNoun	nor
Acarigua	properNoun	swe	Acarigua	properNoun	nor
Accrington	properNoun	swe	Accrington	properNoun	nor
Aceh	properNoun	swe	Aceh	properNoun	nor
Acerra	properNoun	swe	Acerra	properNoun	nor
Ach	properNoun	swe	Ach	properNoun	nor
Achaea	properNoun	swe	Achaea	properNoun	nor
Achaea	properNoun	swe	Akhaía	properNoun	nor
Achaia	properNoun	swe	Akhaia	properNoun	nor
Achaia	properNoun	swe	Akhaía	properNoun	nor
Achala	properNoun	swe	Achala	properNoun	nor
Acharnes	properNoun	swe	Akharnés	properNoun	nor
Achberg	properNoun	swe	Achberg	properNoun	nor
Acheloos	properNoun	swe	Akheloos	properNoun	nor
Acheloos	properNoun	swe	Akhelóos	properNoun	nor
Achenbach	properNoun	swe	Achenbach	properNoun	nor
Acher	properNoun	swe	Acher	properNoun	nor
Achill	properNoun	swe	Achill	properNoun	nor
Achurjan	properNoun	swe	Akhurjan	properNoun	nor
Acireale	properNoun	swe	Acireale	properNoun	nor
Ackerman Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Ackerman Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Ackerman Ridge	properNoun	swe	Ackerman Ridge	properNoun	nor
Ackley Point	properNoun	swe	Ackley Point	properNoun	nor
Ackroyd Point	properNoun	swe	Ackroyd Point	properNoun	nor
Aclens	properNoun	swe	Aclens	properNoun	nor
Acquafredda	properNoun	swe	Acquafredda	properNoun	nor
Acquaviva	properNoun	swe	Acquaviva	properNoun	nor
Acre	properNoun	swe	Acre	properNoun	nor
Acton	properNoun	swe	Acton	properNoun	nor
Acuña Rocks	properNoun	swe	Acuña Rocks	properNoun	nor
Ada Bojana	properNoun	swe	Ada Bojana	properNoun	nor
Adak	properNoun	swe	Adak	properNoun	nor
Adamello	properNoun	swe	Adamello	properNoun	nor
Adams Crest	properNoun	swe	Adams Crest	properNoun	nor
Adams Mountains	properNoun	swe	Adams Mountains	properNoun	nor
Adamsbron	properNoun	swe	Adamsbrua	properNoun	nor
Adamstown	properNoun	swe	Adamstown	properNoun	nor
Adana	properNoun	swe	Adana	properNoun	nor
Adapazarı	properNoun	swe	Adapazarı	properNoun	nor
Adare Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Adare Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Adare Saddle	properNoun	swe	Adare Saddle	properNoun	nor
Adda	properNoun	swe	Adda	properNoun	nor
Addis Abeba	properNoun	swe	Addis Abeba	properNoun	nor
Adelaide	properNoun	swe	Adelaide	properNoun	nor
Adelboden	properNoun	swe	Adelboden	properNoun	nor
Adelebsen	properNoun	swe	Adelebsen	properNoun	nor
Adelgade	properNoun	swe	Adelgade	properNoun	nor
Adelmannsfelden	properNoun	swe	Adelmannsfelden	properNoun	nor
Adelsberg	properNoun	swe	Adelsberg	properNoun	nor
Adelsheim	properNoun	swe	Adelsheim	properNoun	nor
Adelsö	properNoun	swe	Adelsö	properNoun	nor
Adendorf	properNoun	swe	Adendorf	properNoun	nor
Adenviken	properNoun	swe	Adenbukta	properNoun	nor
Adige	properNoun	swe	Adige	properNoun	nor
Adit Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Adit Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Adkins	properNoun	swe	Adkins	properNoun	nor
Adlerhorn	properNoun	swe	Adlerhorn	properNoun	nor
Adlington	properNoun	swe	Adlington	properNoun	nor
Admirals Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Admirals Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Admiralty Mountains	properNoun	swe	Admiralitetsfjellene	properNoun	nor
Admiralty Mountains	properNoun	swe	Admiralty Mountains	properNoun	nor
Ado Ekiti	properNoun	swe	Ado Ekiti	properNoun	nor
Adolf Fredrik	properNoun	swe	Adolf Fredrik	properNoun	nor
Adolfsberg	properNoun	swe	Adolfsberg	properNoun	nor
Ador	properNoun	swe	Ador	properNoun	nor
Adour	properNoun	swe	Adour	properNoun	nor
Adrano	properNoun	swe	Adrano	properNoun	nor
Adria	properNoun	swe	Adria	properNoun	nor
Adrian	properNoun	swe	Adrian	properNoun	nor
Adriasola	properNoun	swe	Adriasola	properNoun	nor
Adriatiska havet	properNoun	swe	Adriahavet	properNoun	nor
Adriahavet	properNoun	swe	Adriahavet	properNoun	nor
Adriatiska havet	properNoun	swe	Adriaterhavet	properNoun	nor
Adriaterhavet	properNoun	swe	Adriaterhavet	properNoun	nor
Adventure Subglacial Trench	properNoun	swe	Adventure Subglacial Trench	properNoun	nor
Adzjarien	properNoun	swe	Adsjaria	properNoun	nor
Adélie Valley	properNoun	swe	Adélie Valley	properNoun	nor
Adıyaman	properNoun	swe	Adıyaman	properNoun	nor
Aefligen	properNoun	swe	Aefligen	properNoun	nor
Aegerten	properNoun	swe	Aegerten	properNoun	nor
Aegviidu	properNoun	swe	Aegviidu	properNoun	nor
Aegyptus	properNoun	swe	Aegyptus	properNoun	nor
Aeolus Ridge	properNoun	swe	Aeolus Ridge	properNoun	nor
Aerzen	properNoun	swe	Aerzen	properNoun	nor
Aeschi bei Spiez	properNoun	swe	Aeschi bei Spiez	properNoun	nor
Aeschi	properNoun	swe	Aeschi	properNoun	nor
Aeugst am Albis	properNoun	swe	Aeugst am Albis	properNoun	nor
Affalterbach	properNoun	swe	Affalterbach	properNoun	nor
Affoltern im Emmental	properNoun	swe	Affoltern im Emmental	properNoun	nor
Affoltern	properNoun	swe	Affoltern	properNoun	nor
Affstätt	properNoun	swe	Affstätt	properNoun	nor
Aflou	properNoun	swe	Aflou	properNoun	nor
Afrikanska unionen	properNoun	swe	Den afrikanske union	properNoun	nor
Afrikanska unionen	properNoun	swe	Den afrikanske unionen	properNoun	nor
Afrikas horn	properNoun	swe	Afrikas horn	properNoun	nor
Afrin	properNoun	swe	Afrin	properNoun	nor
Afyonkarahisar	properNoun	swe	Afyonkarahisar	properNoun	nor
Agassizhorn	properNoun	swe	Agassizhorn	properNoun	nor
Agatharchides	properNoun	swe	Agatharchides	properNoun	nor
Agatunet	properNoun	swe	Agatunet	properNoun	nor
Agder och Telemarks stift	properNoun	swe	Agder og Telemark bispedømme	properNoun	nor
Agen	properNoun	swe	Agen	properNoun	nor
Agersø	properNoun	swe	Agersø	properNoun	nor
Agger	properNoun	swe	Agger	properNoun	nor
Aggersund	properNoun	swe	Aggersund	properNoun	nor
Agiez	properNoun	swe	Agiez	properNoun	nor
Aginskoje	properNoun	swe	Aginskoje	properNoun	nor
Agios Georgios	properNoun	swe	Ájos Jeórjos	properNoun	nor
Agistri	properNoun	swe	Agístri	properNoun	nor
Agistri	properNoun	swe	Angistri	properNoun	nor
Aglen Point	properNoun	swe	Aglen Point	properNoun	nor
Ago di Sciora	properNoun	swe	Ago di Sciora	properNoun	nor
Agra	properNoun	swe	Agra	properNoun	nor
Agrigento	properNoun	swe	Agrigento	properNoun	nor
Água de Pau	properNoun	swe	Água de Pau	properNoun	nor
Aguascalientes	properNoun	swe	Aguascalientes	properNoun	nor
Agulhasströmmen	properNoun	swe	Agulhas-straumen	properNoun	nor
Agunnaryd	properNoun	swe	Agunnaryd	properNoun	nor
Agurto Rock	properNoun	swe	Agurto Rock	properNoun	nor
Agön	properNoun	swe	Agön	properNoun	nor
Agüedo Point	properNoun	swe	Agüedo Point	properNoun	nor
Ahaus	properNoun	swe	Ahaus	properNoun	nor
Ahaxe	properNoun	swe	Ahaxe	properNoun	nor
Ahe	properNoun	swe	Ahe	properNoun	nor
Ahle	properNoun	swe	Ahle	properNoun	nor
Ahlen	properNoun	swe	Ahlen	properNoun	nor
Ahlhorn	properNoun	swe	Ahlhorn	properNoun	nor
Ahlmannryggen	properNoun	swe	Ahlmannryggen	properNoun	nor
Ahlstadhottane	properNoun	swe	Ahlstadhottane	properNoun	nor
Ahmadu Bello University	properNoun	swe	Ahmadu Bello University	properNoun	nor
Ahmedabad	properNoun	swe	Ahmadabad	properNoun	nor
Ahr	properNoun	swe	Ahr	properNoun	nor
Ahrbergen	properNoun	swe	Ahrbergen	properNoun	nor
Ahre	properNoun	swe	Ahre	properNoun	nor
Ahrensburg	properNoun	swe	Ahrensburg	properNoun	nor
Aiboland	properNoun	swe	Aiboland	properNoun	nor
Aich	properNoun	swe	Aich	properNoun	nor
Aichtal	properNoun	swe	Aichtal	properNoun	nor
Aichwald	properNoun	swe	Aichwald	properNoun	nor
Aigle	properNoun	swe	Aigle	properNoun	nor
Aiguille de la Tsa	properNoun	swe	Aiguille de la Tsa	properNoun	nor
Aiguille du Croissant	properNoun	swe	Aiguille du Croissant	properNoun	nor
Aiguille du Midi	properNoun	swe	Aiguille du Midi	properNoun	nor
Aillac	properNoun	swe	Aillac	properNoun	nor
Aim Rocks	properNoun	swe	Aim Rocks	properNoun	nor
Ain Ebel	properNoun	swe	Ain Ebel	properNoun	nor
Ainos	properNoun	swe	Enos	properNoun	nor
Ainos	properNoun	swe	Énos	properNoun	nor
Aintree	properNoun	swe	Aintree	properNoun	nor
Air New Zealand	properNoun	swe	Air New Zealand	properNoun	nor
Aire	properNoun	swe	Aire	properNoun	nor
Airolo	properNoun	swe	Airolo	properNoun	nor
Aisne	properNoun	swe	Aisne	properNoun	nor
Aitik koppargruva	properNoun	swe	Aitikgruva	properNoun	nor
Aitken Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Aitken Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Aizy	properNoun	swe	Aizy	properNoun	nor
Ajka	properNoun	swe	Ajka	properNoun	nor
Ajlun	properNoun	swe	Ajloun	properNoun	nor
Ajon	properNoun	swe	Ajon	properNoun	nor
Akabaviken	properNoun	swe	Akababukta	properNoun	nor
Akabaviken	properNoun	swe	Akababukten	properNoun	nor
Akademie der bildenden Künste Wien	properNoun	swe	Akademie der bildenden Künste Wien	properNoun	nor
Akademija Nauk	properNoun	swe	Akademia Nauk	properNoun	nor
Akademik Federov Canyon	properNoun	swe	Akademik Federov Canyon	properNoun	nor
Akadien	properNoun	swe	Acadia	properNoun	nor
Akdamar	properNoun	swe	Akdamar	properNoun	nor
Aken	properNoun	swe	Aken	properNoun	nor
Aker Brygge	properNoun	swe	Aker Brygge	properNoun	nor
Aker Stadion	properNoun	swe	Aker Stadion	properNoun	nor
Akersgata	properNoun	swe	Akersgata	properNoun	nor
Akershus fylke	properNoun	swe	Akershus fylke	properNoun	nor
Akershus fästning	properNoun	swe	Akershus festning	properNoun	nor
Akershus fästning	properNoun	swe	Akershus slott og festning	properNoun	nor
Akerøya	properNoun	swe	Akerøya	properNoun	nor
Akhisar	properNoun	swe	Akhisar	properNoun	nor
Akkad	properNoun	swe	Akkad	properNoun	nor
Akkajaure	properNoun	swe	Akkajaure	properNoun	nor
Akko	properNoun	swe	Akko	properNoun	nor
Akmenė	properNoun	swe	Akmenė	properNoun	nor
Akrotiri och Dhekelia	properNoun	swe	Akrotiri og Dhekelia	properNoun	nor
Akrotiri	properNoun	swe	Akrotíri	properNoun	nor
Aksaray	properNoun	swe	Aksaray	properNoun	nor
Aksdal	properNoun	swe	Aksdal	properNoun	nor
Aksum	properNoun	swe	Aksum	properNoun	nor
Aktau	properNoun	swe	Aktau	properNoun	nor
Akşehir	properNoun	swe	Akşehir	properNoun	nor
Al Hirschfeld Theatre	properNoun	swe	Al Hirschfeld Theatre	properNoun	nor
Al Kiswah	properNoun	swe	Al-Kiswah	properNoun	nor
Al Matn	properNoun	swe	Matn	properNoun	nor
Ala Lompolo	properNoun	swe	Ala Lompolo	properNoun	nor
Alafors	properNoun	swe	Alafors	properNoun	nor
Alagir	properNoun	swe	Alagir	properNoun	nor
Alagoas	properNoun	swe	Alagoas	properNoun	nor
Alajaure	properNoun	swe	Alajaure	properNoun	nor
Alakol	properNoun	swe	Alakol	properNoun	nor
Alamut	properNoun	swe	Alamut	properNoun	nor
Aland	properNoun	swe	Aland	properNoun	nor
Alanpiggen	properNoun	swe	Alanpiggen	properNoun	nor
Alanya	properNoun	swe	Alanya	properNoun	nor
Alapajevsk	properNoun	swe	Alapajevsk	properNoun	nor
Alatna Valley	properNoun	swe	Alatna Valley	properNoun	nor
Alatri	properNoun	swe	Alatri	properNoun	nor
Alatyr	properNoun	swe	Alatyr	properNoun	nor
Álava	properNoun	swe	Álava	properNoun	nor
Alazani	properNoun	swe	Alazani	properNoun	nor
Alaşehir	properNoun	swe	Alaşehir	properNoun	nor
Alb	properNoun	swe	Alb	properNoun	nor
Alba Iulia	properNoun	swe	Alba Iulia	properNoun	nor
Alba	properNoun	swe	Alba	properNoun	nor
Albacete	properNoun	swe	Albacete	properNoun	nor
Albano Laziale	properNoun	swe	Albano Laziale	properNoun	nor
Albanobergen	properNoun	swe	Albanarfjella	properNoun	nor
Albanobergen	properNoun	swe	Albanerfjellene	properNoun	nor
Albanosjön	properNoun	swe	Albanosjøen	properNoun	nor
Albanosjön	properNoun	swe	Lago di Albano	properNoun	nor
Albategnius	properNoun	swe	Albategnius	properNoun	nor
Albeck	properNoun	swe	Albeck	properNoun	nor
Albena Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Albena Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Albenga	properNoun	swe	Albenga	properNoun	nor
Alberga	properNoun	swe	Alberga	properNoun	nor
Alberts	properNoun	swe	Alberts	properNoun	nor
Albertslunds kommun	properNoun	swe	Albertslund kommune	properNoun	nor
Albi	properNoun	swe	Albi	properNoun	nor
Albor Tholus	properNoun	swe	Albor Tholus	properNoun	nor
Alborán	properNoun	swe	Alborán	properNoun	nor
Alboránsjön	properNoun	swe	Alboransjøen	properNoun	nor
Albristhorn	properNoun	swe	Albristhorn	properNoun	nor
Albstadt	properNoun	swe	Albstadt	properNoun	nor
Albufeira	properNoun	swe	Albufeira	properNoun	nor
Albula	properNoun	swe	Albula	properNoun	nor
Albuquerque	properNoun	swe	Albuquerque	properNoun	nor
Alby	properNoun	swe	Alby	properNoun	nor
Albysjön	properNoun	swe	Albysjön	properNoun	nor
Alcalá de Guadaíra	properNoun	swe	Alcalá de Guadaíra	properNoun	nor
Alcalá de Henares	properNoun	swe	Alcalá de Henares	properNoun	nor
Alcamo	properNoun	swe	Alcamo	properNoun	nor
Alcester	properNoun	swe	Alcester	properNoun	nor
Alchenstorf	properNoun	swe	Alchenstorf	properNoun	nor
Alcorcón	properNoun	swe	Alcorcón	properNoun	nor
Alcorta Rocks	properNoun	swe	Alcorta Rocks	properNoun	nor
Alcoy	properNoun	swe	Alcoy	properNoun	nor
Alcyone Cone	properNoun	swe	Alcyone Cone	properNoun	nor
Aldan	properNoun	swe	Aldan	properNoun	nor
Aldan	properNoun	swe	Aldan	properNoun	nor
Aldan	properNoun	swe	Aldanelva	properNoun	nor
Aldaz	properNoun	swe	Aldaz	properNoun	nor
Aldealafuente	properNoun	swe	Aldealafuente	properNoun	nor
Aldebaran Rock	properNoun	swe	Aldebaran Rock	properNoun	nor
Aldeburgh	properNoun	swe	Aldeburgh	properNoun	nor
Aldenhoven	properNoun	swe	Aldenhoven	properNoun	nor
Alderney	properNoun	swe	Alderney	properNoun	nor
Aldershot	properNoun	swe	Aldershot	properNoun	nor
Aldeyjarfoss	properNoun	swe	Aldeyjarfoss	properNoun	nor
Aldrans	properNoun	swe	Aldrans	properNoun	nor
Ale kommun	properNoun	swe	Ale kommune	properNoun	nor
Alegranza	properNoun	swe	Alegranza	properNoun	nor
Aleksandrov	properNoun	swe	Aleksandrov	properNoun	nor
Aleksin	properNoun	swe	Aleksin	properNoun	nor
Alentejo	properNoun	swe	Alentejo	properNoun	nor
Alençon	properNoun	swe	Alençon	properNoun	nor
Alep Màddaure	properNoun	swe	Alep Màddaure	properNoun	nor
Aleppo	properNoun	swe	Aleppo guvernement	properNoun	nor
Aleppo	properNoun	swe	Aleppo	properNoun	nor
Aleppo	properNoun	swe	Aleppo	properNoun	nor
Alert	properNoun	swe	Alert	properNoun	nor
Ales stenar	properNoun	swe	Ales stenar	properNoun	nor
Ales stenar	properNoun	swe	Ales stener	properNoun	nor
Alessandria	properNoun	swe	Alessandria	properNoun	nor
Aletschhorn	properNoun	swe	Aletschhorn	properNoun	nor
Aleutergraven	properNoun	swe	Aleutargropa	properNoun	nor
Aleuterna	properNoun	swe	Aleutane	properNoun	nor
Aleuterna	properNoun	swe	Aleutene	properNoun	nor
Alexander Cone	properNoun	swe	Alexander Cone	properNoun	nor
Alexander Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Alexander Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Alexandras land	properNoun	swe	Aleksandra land	properNoun	nor
Alexandroupolis	properNoun	swe	Alexandroupolis	properNoun	nor
Alexandroupolis	properNoun	swe	Alexandroúpoli	properNoun	nor
Alexisbad	properNoun	swe	Alexisbad	properNoun	nor
Alfatar Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Alfatar Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Alfeios	properNoun	swe	Alfiós	properNoun	nor
Alfheim stadion	properNoun	swe	Alfheim stadion	properNoun	nor
Alflen	properNoun	swe	Alflen	properNoun	nor
Alford	properNoun	swe	Alford	properNoun	nor
Alfreton	properNoun	swe	Alfreton	properNoun	nor
Alfta	properNoun	swe	Alfta	properNoun	nor
Algal Lake	properNoun	swe	Algal Lake	properNoun	nor
Algarve	properNoun	swe	Algarve	properNoun	nor
Algeciras	properNoun	swe	Algeciras	properNoun	nor
Algermissen	properNoun	swe	Algermissen	properNoun	nor
Alggajavrre	properNoun	swe	Alggajavrre	properNoun	nor
Alghero	properNoun	swe	Alghero	properNoun	nor
Algie Knoll	properNoun	swe	Algie Knoll	properNoun	nor
Algrøyna	properNoun	swe	Algrøy	properNoun	nor
Algrøyna	properNoun	swe	Algrøyna	properNoun	nor
Algutsrum	properNoun	swe	Algutsrum	properNoun	nor
Alhambra	properNoun	swe	Alhambra	properNoun	nor
Aliakmonas	properNoun	swe	Aliákmonas	properNoun	nor
Alice Springs	properNoun	swe	Alice Springs	properNoun	nor
Alingsås kommun	properNoun	swe	Alingsås kommune	properNoun	nor
Alingsås	properNoun	swe	Alingsås	properNoun	nor
Aliphera	properNoun	swe	Alífira	properNoun	nor
Alixan	properNoun	swe	Alixan	properNoun	nor
Alkersum	properNoun	swe	Alkersum	properNoun	nor
Alkmaar	properNoun	swe	Alkmaar	properNoun	nor
Allalinhorn	properNoun	swe	Allalinhorn	properNoun	nor
Allan Thomson	properNoun	swe	Allan Thomson	properNoun	nor
Allanton	properNoun	swe	Allanton	properNoun	nor
Allegro Valley	properNoun	swe	Allegro Valley	properNoun	nor
Allen Knoll	properNoun	swe	Allen Knoll	properNoun	nor
Aller	properNoun	swe	Aller	properNoun	nor
Allerheiligen	properNoun	swe	Allerheiligen	properNoun	nor
Allerstedt	properNoun	swe	Allerstedt	properNoun	nor
Allerum	properNoun	swe	Allerum	properNoun	nor
Allerøds kommun	properNoun	swe	Allerød kommune	properNoun	nor
Allgäu	properNoun	swe	Allgäu	properNoun	nor
Allianz Arena	properNoun	swe	Allianz Arena	properNoun	nor
Allier	properNoun	swe	Allier	properNoun	nor
Allmendingen	properNoun	swe	Allmendingen	properNoun	nor
Alloway	properNoun	swe	Alloway	properNoun	nor
Allschwil	properNoun	swe	Allschwil	properNoun	nor
Allstedt	properNoun	swe	Allstedt	properNoun	nor
Allsup	properNoun	swe	Allsup	properNoun	nor
Alltinget	properNoun	swe	Alþingi	properNoun	nor
Alléen	properNoun	swe	Alléen	properNoun	nor
Alma Mater Viadrina	properNoun	swe	Alma Mater Viadrina	properNoun	nor
Almada	properNoun	swe	Almada	properNoun	nor
Almafuerte	properNoun	swe	Almafuerte	properNoun	nor
Almagellhorn	properNoun	swe	Almagellhorn	properNoun	nor
Almaty	properNoun	swe	Almaty	properNoun	nor
Almazán	properNoun	swe	Almazán	properNoun	nor
Almelo	properNoun	swe	Almelo	properNoun	nor
Almena	properNoun	swe	Almena	properNoun	nor
Almens	properNoun	swe	Almens	properNoun	nor
Almere	properNoun	swe	Almere	properNoun	nor
Almería	properNoun	swe	Almería	properNoun	nor
Almetievsk	properNoun	swe	Almetjevsk	properNoun	nor
Almonte	properNoun	swe	Almonte	properNoun	nor
Almsee	properNoun	swe	Almsee	properNoun	nor
Almunge	properNoun	swe	Almunge	properNoun	nor
Almvik	properNoun	swe	Almvik	properNoun	nor
Alna	properNoun	swe	Alna	properNoun	nor
Alnaelva	properNoun	swe	Alnaelva	properNoun	nor
Alnarp	properNoun	swe	Alnarp	properNoun	nor
Alnwick	properNoun	swe	Alnwick	properNoun	nor
Alnön	properNoun	swe	Alnön	properNoun	nor
Alofi	properNoun	swe	Alofi	properNoun	nor
Alonnisos	properNoun	swe	Alonnisos	properNoun	nor
Alonnisos	properNoun	swe	Alónnisos	properNoun	nor
Alos	properNoun	swe	Alos	properNoun	nor
Alpamayo	properNoun	swe	Alpamayo	properNoun	nor
Alpe	properNoun	swe	Alpe	properNoun	nor
Alpen	properNoun	swe	Alpen	properNoun	nor
Alperschällihorn	properNoun	swe	Alperschällihorn	properNoun	nor
Alph River	properNoun	swe	Alph River	properNoun	nor
Alphen aan den Rijn	properNoun	swe	Alphen aan den Rijn	properNoun	nor
Alphubel	properNoun	swe	Alphubel	properNoun	nor
Alpjuhorn	properNoun	swe	Alpjuhorn	properNoun	nor
Alpstein	properNoun	swe	Alpstein	properNoun	nor
Alsace	properNoun	swe	Alsace	properNoun	nor
Alsbach	properNoun	swe	Alsbach	properNoun	nor
Alsdorf	properNoun	swe	Alsdorf	properNoun	nor
Alsen	properNoun	swe	Alsen	properNoun	nor
Alsensjön	properNoun	swe	Alsensjön	properNoun	nor
Álsey	properNoun	swe	Álsey	properNoun	nor
Alsfeld	properNoun	swe	Alsfeld	properNoun	nor
Alshus	properNoun	swe	Alshus	properNoun	nor
Alsike	properNoun	swe	Alsike	properNoun	nor
Alst	properNoun	swe	Alst	properNoun	nor
Alstadhaug	properNoun	swe	Alstadhaug	properNoun	nor
Alstadhaugs kyrka	properNoun	swe	Alstadhaug kirke	properNoun	nor
Alstadhaugs kyrka	properNoun	swe	Alstadhaug kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Alstahaugs kyrka	properNoun	swe	Alstahaug kirke	properNoun	nor
Alstahaugs kyrka	properNoun	swe	Alstahaug kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Alsten	properNoun	swe	Alsta	properNoun	nor
Alsterbro	properNoun	swe	Alsterbro	properNoun	nor
Alstermo	properNoun	swe	Alstermo	properNoun	nor
Alsterån	properNoun	swe	Alsterån	properNoun	nor
Alston	properNoun	swe	Alston	properNoun	nor
Alsvåg	properNoun	swe	Alsvåg	properNoun	nor
Alswede	properNoun	swe	Alswede	properNoun	nor
Alta flygplats	properNoun	swe	Alta lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Alta flygplats	properNoun	swe	Alta lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Alta kyrka	properNoun	swe	Alta kirke	properNoun	nor
Alta kyrka	properNoun	swe	Alta kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Alta museum	properNoun	swe	Alta museum	properNoun	nor
Alta museum	properNoun	swe	Verdensarvsenter for bergkunst - Alta Museum	properNoun	nor
Altadena	properNoun	swe	Altadena	properNoun	nor
Altaj kraj	properNoun	swe	Altaj kraj	properNoun	nor
Altaj kraj	properNoun	swe	Altaj	properNoun	nor
Altajrepubliken	properNoun	swe	Altaj	properNoun	nor
Altajrepubliken	properNoun	swe	Republikken Altaj	properNoun	nor
Altar Mountain	properNoun	swe	Altar Mountain	properNoun	nor
Altaälven	properNoun	swe	Altaelva	properNoun	nor
Altbach	properNoun	swe	Altbach	properNoun	nor
Altbüron	properNoun	swe	Altbüron	properNoun	nor
Altdorf bei Nürnberg	properNoun	swe	Altdorf bei Nürnberg	properNoun	nor
Altdorf	properNoun	swe	Altdorf	properNoun	nor
Alte Burg	properNoun	swe	Alte Burg	properNoun	nor
Alte Heide	properNoun	swe	Alte Heide	properNoun	nor
Altels	properNoun	swe	Altels	properNoun	nor
Altena	properNoun	swe	Altena	properNoun	nor
Altenalp Türm	properNoun	swe	Altenalp Türm	properNoun	nor
Altenbach	properNoun	swe	Altenbach	properNoun	nor
Altenbeken	properNoun	swe	Altenbeken	properNoun	nor
Altenberg	properNoun	swe	Altenberg	properNoun	nor
Altenberge	properNoun	swe	Altenberge	properNoun	nor
Altendorf	properNoun	swe	Altendorf	properNoun	nor
Altenhagen	properNoun	swe	Altenhagen	properNoun	nor
Altenhof	properNoun	swe	Altenhof	properNoun	nor
Altenmarkt im Pongau	properNoun	swe	Altenmarkt im Pongau	properNoun	nor
Altenrath	properNoun	swe	Altenrath	properNoun	nor
Alter Friedhof	properNoun	swe	Alter Friedhof	properNoun	nor
Altersundet	properNoun	swe	Altersundet	properNoun	nor
Alterswil	properNoun	swe	Alterswil	properNoun	nor
Alterälven	properNoun	swe	Alterälven	properNoun	nor
Altevatnet	properNoun	swe	Altevatnet	properNoun	nor
Altheim	properNoun	swe	Altheim	properNoun	nor
Althorn	properNoun	swe	Althorn	properNoun	nor
Althütte	properNoun	swe	Althütte	properNoun	nor
Altiplano	properNoun	swe	Altiplano	properNoun	nor
Altkirch	properNoun	swe	Altkirch	properNoun	nor
Alto Malcantone	properNoun	swe	Alto Malcantone	properNoun	nor
Altsek Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Altsek Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Altshausen	properNoun	swe	Altshausen	properNoun	nor
Altsjevsk	properNoun	swe	Altsjevsk	properNoun	nor
Altstadt	properNoun	swe	Altstadt	properNoun	nor
Altwis	properNoun	swe	Altwis	properNoun	nor
Alunda	properNoun	swe	Alunda	properNoun	nor
Alusjta	properNoun	swe	Alusjta	properNoun	nor
Alvaneu	properNoun	swe	Alvaneu	properNoun	nor
Álvarez	properNoun	swe	Álvarez	properNoun	nor
Alvaschein	properNoun	swe	Alvaschein	properNoun	nor
Alvastra	properNoun	swe	Alvastra	properNoun	nor
Alverdissen	properNoun	swe	Alverdissen	properNoun	nor
Alvesta kommun	properNoun	swe	Alvesta kommune	properNoun	nor
Alvesta	properNoun	swe	Alvesta	properNoun	nor
Alvhem	properNoun	swe	Alvhem	properNoun	nor
Alvik	properNoun	swe	Alvik	properNoun	nor
Alytus	properNoun	swe	Alytus	properNoun	nor
Alz	properNoun	swe	Alz	properNoun	nor
Alzen	properNoun	swe	Alzen	properNoun	nor
Alzett	properNoun	swe	Alzette	properNoun	nor
Alzira	properNoun	swe	Alzira	properNoun	nor
Alån	properNoun	swe	Alån	properNoun	nor
Alçabéhéty	properNoun	swe	Alçabéhéty	properNoun	nor
Alçay	properNoun	swe	Alçay	properNoun	nor
Alès	properNoun	swe	Alès	properNoun	nor
Am Mellensee	properNoun	swe	Am Mellensee	properNoun	nor
Ama Dablam	properNoun	swe	Ama Dablam	properNoun	nor
Amadok Point	properNoun	swe	Amadok Point	properNoun	nor
Amadora	properNoun	swe	Amadora	properNoun	nor
Amager	properNoun	swe	Amager	properNoun	nor
Amajari	properNoun	swe	Amajari	properNoun	nor
Amaliegade	properNoun	swe	Amaliegade	properNoun	nor
Amalienborg	properNoun	swe	Amalienborg	properNoun	nor
Amapá	properNoun	swe	Amapá	properNoun	nor
Amasya	properNoun	swe	Amasya	properNoun	nor
Amazonas regnskog	properNoun	swe	Regnskogen i Amazonas	properNoun	nor
Amazonfloden	properNoun	swe	Amazonas	properNoun	nor
Amazonfloden	properNoun	swe	Amazonaselva	properNoun	nor
Ambato	properNoun	swe	Ambato	properNoun	nor
Amberg	properNoun	swe	Amberg	properNoun	nor
Ambert	properNoun	swe	Ambert	properNoun	nor
Ambilly	properNoun	swe	Ambilly	properNoun	nor
Ambjörby	properNoun	swe	Ambjörby	properNoun	nor
Ambjörnarp	properNoun	swe	Ambjörnarp	properNoun	nor
Ambrose Rocks	properNoun	swe	Ambrose Rocks	properNoun	nor
Amecke	properNoun	swe	Amecke	properNoun	nor
Ameland	properNoun	swe	Ameland	properNoun	nor
Amelia	properNoun	swe	Amelia	properNoun	nor
Amelunxen	properNoun	swe	Amelunxen	properNoun	nor
Amendeuix	properNoun	swe	Amendeuix	properNoun	nor
Amer	properNoun	swe	Amer	properNoun	nor
American Highland	properNoun	swe	American Highland	properNoun	nor
American Lutheran Church	properNoun	swe	American Lutheran Church	properNoun	nor
Amerikanska Jungfruöarna	properNoun	swe	De amerikanske jomfruøyene	properNoun	nor
Amerikanska Jungfruöarna	properNoun	swe	Dei amerikanske Jomfruøyane	properNoun	nor
Amerikanska Samoa	properNoun	swe	Amerikansk Samoa	properNoun	nor
Amern	properNoun	swe	Amern	properNoun	nor
Amersfoort	properNoun	swe	Amersfoort	properNoun	nor
Amersham	properNoun	swe	Amersham	properNoun	nor
Ames Range	properNoun	swe	Ames Range	properNoun	nor
Amesbury	properNoun	swe	Amesbury	properNoun	nor
Amfipolis	properNoun	swe	Amfipolis	properNoun	nor
Amfipolis	properNoun	swe	Amfípoli	properNoun	nor
Amhara	properNoun	swe	Amhara	properNoun	nor
Amherst College	properNoun	swe	Amherst College	properNoun	nor
Amioûn	properNoun	swe	Amioun	properNoun	nor
Ammarfjället	properNoun	swe	Ammarfjället	properNoun	nor
Ammarnäs	properNoun	swe	Ammarnäs	properNoun	nor
Ammenäs	properNoun	swe	Ammenäs	properNoun	nor
Ammer	properNoun	swe	Ammer	properNoun	nor
Ammersee	properNoun	swe	Ammersee	properNoun	nor
Ammerswil	properNoun	swe	Ammerswil	properNoun	nor
Ammerån	properNoun	swe	Ammerån	properNoun	nor
Ammerön	properNoun	swe	Ammerön	properNoun	nor
Amorgos	properNoun	swe	Amorgos	properNoun	nor
Amorgos	properNoun	swe	Amorgós	properNoun	nor
Amorots	properNoun	swe	Amorots	properNoun	nor
Ampass	properNoun	swe	Ampass	properNoun	nor
Ampen	properNoun	swe	Ampen	properNoun	nor
Ampthill	properNoun	swe	Ampthill	properNoun	nor
Amqa	properNoun	swe	Amka	properNoun	nor
Amriswil	properNoun	swe	Amriswil	properNoun	nor
Amritsar	properNoun	swe	Amritsar	properNoun	nor
Amritsarmassakern	properNoun	swe	Amritsarmassakreren	properNoun	nor
Amroth	properNoun	swe	Amroth	properNoun	nor
Amrum	properNoun	swe	Amrum	properNoun	nor
Amselflue	properNoun	swe	Amselflue	properNoun	nor
Amsoldingen	properNoun	swe	Amsoldingen	properNoun	nor
Amsoldingersee	properNoun	swe	Amsoldingersee	properNoun	nor
Amstel	properNoun	swe	Amstel	properNoun	nor
Amstelveen	properNoun	swe	Amstelveen	properNoun	nor
Amundsen Coast	properNoun	swe	Amundsen Coast	properNoun	nor
Amundsenhavet	properNoun	swe	Amundsenhavet	properNoun	nor
Amur oblast	properNoun	swe	Amur oblast	properNoun	nor
Amur oblast	properNoun	swe	Amur	properNoun	nor
Amur	properNoun	swe	Amur	properNoun	nor
Anadyr	properNoun	swe	Anadyr	properNoun	nor
Anafi	properNoun	swe	Anáfi	properNoun	nor
Anafi	properNoun	swe	Anafi	properNoun	nor
Anaheim	properNoun	swe	Anaheim	properNoun	nor
Anapa	properNoun	swe	Anapa	properNoun	nor
Anare Mountains	properNoun	swe	Anare Mountains	properNoun	nor
Anare Pass	properNoun	swe	Anare Pass	properNoun	nor
Anatolien	properNoun	swe	Anatolia	properNoun	nor
Anatolien	properNoun	swe	Vesleasia	properNoun	nor
Anatot	properNoun	swe	Almon i Mateh Binyamin	properNoun	nor
Ancash	properNoun	swe	Ancash	properNoun	nor
Ancenis	properNoun	swe	Ancenis	properNoun	nor
Anchor Crag	properNoun	swe	Anchor Crag	properNoun	nor
Anckorn Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Anckorn Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Ancona	properNoun	swe	Ancona	properNoun	nor
Andabeløy	properNoun	swe	Andabeløy	properNoun	nor
Andabeløy	properNoun	swe	Andabeløyna	properNoun	nor
Andalen	properNoun	swe	Andalen	properNoun	nor
Andalusien	properNoun	swe	Andalucía	properNoun	nor
Andamanerna och Nikobarerna	properNoun	swe	Andamanene og Nikobarene	properNoun	nor
Andamanerna och Nikobarerna	properNoun	swe	Andamanøyane og Nikobarane	properNoun	nor
Andamansjön	properNoun	swe	Andamanhavet	properNoun	nor
Andebu kyrka	properNoun	swe	Andebu kirke	properNoun	nor
Andebu kyrka	properNoun	swe	Andebu kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Andeer	properNoun	swe	Andeer	properNoun	nor
Andelfingen	properNoun	swe	Andelfingen	properNoun	nor
Andenes Knoll	properNoun	swe	Andenes Knoll	properNoun	nor
Andenes	properNoun	swe	Andenes	properNoun	nor
Andermatt	properNoun	swe	Andermatt	properNoun	nor
Anderna	properNoun	swe	Andes	properNoun	nor
Anderslöv	properNoun	swe	Anderslöv	properNoun	nor
Andersnuten	properNoun	swe	Andersnuten	properNoun	nor
Anderson Dome	properNoun	swe	Anderson Dome	properNoun	nor
Anderson Heights	properNoun	swe	Anderson Heights	properNoun	nor
Anderson Hills	properNoun	swe	Anderson Hills	properNoun	nor
Anderson Knoll	properNoun	swe	Anderson Knoll	properNoun	nor
Anderson Massif	properNoun	swe	Anderson Massif	properNoun	nor
Anderson Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Anderson Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Anderson Pyramid	properNoun	swe	Anderson Pyramid	properNoun	nor
Anderson Summit	properNoun	swe	Anderson Summit	properNoun	nor
Andersson Ridge	properNoun	swe	Andersson Ridge	properNoun	nor
Anderssonøyane	properNoun	swe	Anderssonøyane	properNoun	nor
Anderstorp	properNoun	swe	Anderstorp	properNoun	nor
Andhra Pradesh	properNoun	swe	Andhra Pradesh	properNoun	nor
Andiast	properNoun	swe	Andiast	properNoun	nor
Andorra la Vella	properNoun	swe	Andorra la Vella	properNoun	nor
Andra franska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den andre franske republikk	properNoun	nor
Andra franska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den andre franske republikken	properNoun	nor
Andra polska republiken	properNoun	swe	Andre polske republikk	properNoun	nor
Andra polska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den andre polske republikken	properNoun	nor
Andravida	properNoun	swe	Andravída	properNoun	nor
Andreaea Plateau	properNoun	swe	Andreaea Plateau	properNoun	nor
Andria	properNoun	swe	Andria	properNoun	nor
Andros	properNoun	swe	Ándros	properNoun	nor
Andros	properNoun	swe	Andros	properNoun	nor
Andrus	properNoun	swe	Andrus	properNoun	nor
Andøya flygplats	properNoun	swe	Andøya lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Andøya flygplats	properNoun	swe	Andøya lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Andøybrua	properNoun	swe	Andøybrua	properNoun	nor
Aneby kommun	properNoun	swe	Aneby kommune	properNoun	nor
Aneby	properNoun	swe	Aneby	properNoun	nor
Aneto	properNoun	swe	Aneto	properNoun	nor
Aneto	properNoun	swe	Pico Aneto	properNoun	nor
Angara	properNoun	swe	Angara	properNoun	nor
Angarsk	properNoun	swe	Angarsk	properNoun	nor
Angeles City	properNoun	swe	Angeles City	properNoun	nor
Angelfallen	properNoun	swe	Angelfossen	properNoun	nor
Angelfallen	properNoun	swe	Salto Angel	properNoun	nor
Angelstad	properNoun	swe	Angelstad	properNoun	nor
Angered	properNoun	swe	Angered	properNoun	nor
Angermünde	properNoun	swe	Angermünde	properNoun	nor
Angers	properNoun	swe	Angers	properNoun	nor
Angervilliers	properNoun	swe	Angervilliers	properNoun	nor
Angkor Wat	properNoun	swe	Angkor Vat	properNoun	nor
Angkor	properNoun	swe	Angkor	properNoun	nor
Anglesey	properNoun	swe	Anglesey	properNoun	nor
Angochi	properNoun	swe	Angochi	properNoun	nor
Angot	properNoun	swe	Angot	properNoun	nor
Angoulême	properNoun	swe	Angoulême	properNoun	nor
Angoustrine	properNoun	swe	Angoustrine	properNoun	nor
Angri	properNoun	swe	Angri	properNoun	nor
Anguilla	properNoun	swe	Anguilla	properNoun	nor
Anguo	properNoun	swe	Anguo	properNoun	nor
Angus Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Angus Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Anhui	properNoun	swe	Anhui	properNoun	nor
Aniene	properNoun	swe	Aniene	properNoun	nor
Aniva	properNoun	swe	Aniva	properNoun	nor
Anières	properNoun	swe	Anières	properNoun	nor
Anjalankoski	properNoun	swe	Anjalankoski	properNoun	nor
Anjan	properNoun	swe	Anjan	properNoun	nor
Anjar	properNoun	swe	Aanjar	properNoun	nor
Anjar	properNoun	swe	Anjar	properNoun	nor
Anjou	properNoun	swe	Anjou	properNoun	nor
Ankang	properNoun	swe	Ankang	properNoun	nor
Ankarsrum	properNoun	swe	Ankarsrum	properNoun	nor
Ankarsvik	properNoun	swe	Ankarsvik	properNoun	nor
Ankarvattnet	properNoun	swe	Ankarvattnet	properNoun	nor
Ankogel	properNoun	swe	Ankogel	properNoun	nor
Ann Arbor	properNoun	swe	Ann Arbor	properNoun	nor
Anna Cove	properNoun	swe	Anna Cove	properNoun	nor
Annaberg	properNoun	swe	Annaberg	properNoun	nor
Annaburg	properNoun	swe	Annaburg	properNoun	nor
Annandagstoppane	properNoun	swe	Annandagstoppane	properNoun	nor
Annapolis	properNoun	swe	Annapolis	properNoun	nor
Annapurna	properNoun	swe	Annapurna	properNoun	nor
Anneberg	properNoun	swe	Anneberg	properNoun	nor
Annecy	properNoun	swe	Annecy	properNoun	nor
Annecysjön	properNoun	swe	Annecysjøen	properNoun	nor
Annelund	properNoun	swe	Annelund	properNoun	nor
Annelöv	properNoun	swe	Annelöv	properNoun	nor
Annen	properNoun	swe	Annen	properNoun	nor
Anniviers	properNoun	swe	Anniviers	properNoun	nor
Anqing	properNoun	swe	Anqing	properNoun	nor
Anröchte	properNoun	swe	Anröchte	properNoun	nor
Anschlag	properNoun	swe	Anschlag	properNoun	nor
Anshun	properNoun	swe	Anshun	properNoun	nor
Antakya	properNoun	swe	Antakya	properNoun	nor
Antalya	properNoun	swe	Antalya	properNoun	nor
Antananarivo	properNoun	swe	Antananarivo	properNoun	nor
Antarktis geografi	properNoun	swe	Antarktisk geografi	properNoun	nor
Antarktis	properNoun	swe	Antarktika	properNoun	nor
Antarktiska halvön	properNoun	swe	Antarktishalvøya	properNoun	nor
Antarktiska halvön	properNoun	swe	Den antarktiske halvøya	properNoun	nor
Antarktiska oceanen	properNoun	swe	Sørishavet	properNoun	nor
Antarktisplatån	properNoun	swe	Antarktisplatået	properNoun	nor
Antibes	properNoun	swe	Antibes	properNoun	nor
Anticostiön	properNoun	swe	Anticostiøya	properNoun	nor
Antigua och Barbuda	properNoun	swe	Antigua og Barbuda	properNoun	nor
Antikythera	properNoun	swe	Andikythira	properNoun	nor
Antikythera	properNoun	swe	Andikýthira	properNoun	nor
Antioquia	properNoun	swe	Antioquia	properNoun	nor
Antiparos	properNoun	swe	Andiparos	properNoun	nor
Antiparos	properNoun	swe	Andíparos	properNoun	nor
Antipsara	properNoun	swe	Andipsara	properNoun	nor
Antipsara	properNoun	swe	Andípsara	properNoun	nor
Antnäs	properNoun	swe	Antnäs	properNoun	nor
Antoninus mur	properNoun	swe	Den antoninske mur	properNoun	nor
Antoninus mur	properNoun	swe	Den antoninske muren	properNoun	nor
Antony	properNoun	swe	Antony	properNoun	nor
Antrim	properNoun	swe	Antrim	properNoun	nor
Antrodoco	properNoun	swe	Antrodoco	properNoun	nor
Antuã	properNoun	swe	Antuã	properNoun	nor
Antwerp	properNoun	swe	Antwerp	properNoun	nor
Anvil Crag	properNoun	swe	Anvil Crag	properNoun	nor
Anvil Pond	properNoun	swe	Anvil Pond	properNoun	nor
Anwil	properNoun	swe	Anwil	properNoun	nor
Anyang	properNoun	swe	Anyang	properNoun	nor
Anzjuöarna	properNoun	swe	Anzjuøyane	properNoun	nor
Anzoátegui	properNoun	swe	Anzoátegui	properNoun	nor
Anzonico	properNoun	swe	Anzonico	properNoun	nor
Aosta	properNoun	swe	Aosta	properNoun	nor
Apatity	properNoun	swe	Apatity	properNoun	nor
Apavatn	properNoun	swe	Apavatn	properNoun	nor
Ape	properNoun	swe	Ape	properNoun	nor
Apeldoorn	properNoun	swe	Apeldoorn	properNoun	nor
Apen	properNoun	swe	Apen	properNoun	nor
Apenninerna	properNoun	swe	Apenninene	properNoun	nor
Apenninerna	properNoun	swe	Appenninane	properNoun	nor
Apenninska halvön	properNoun	swe	Apenninerhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Apenninska halvön	properNoun	swe	Den italienske halvøya	properNoun	nor
Apia	properNoun	swe	Apia	properNoun	nor
Apladalen	properNoun	swe	Apladalen	properNoun	nor
Aplared	properNoun	swe	Aplared	properNoun	nor
Aplerbeck	properNoun	swe	Aplerbeck	properNoun	nor
Apollo 1	properNoun	swe	Apollo 1	properNoun	nor
Apollo Theatre	properNoun	swe	Apollo Theatre	properNoun	nor
Apolotok	properNoun	swe	Apolotok	properNoun	nor
Appalacherna	properNoun	swe	Appalachane	properNoun	nor
Appalacherna	properNoun	swe	Appalachene	properNoun	nor
Appalachia Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Appalachia Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Appen	properNoun	swe	Appen	properNoun	nor
Appenzell Ausserrhoden	properNoun	swe	Appenzell Ausserrhoden	properNoun	nor
Appenzell Innerrhoden	properNoun	swe	Appenzell Innerrhoden	properNoun	nor
Appenzell	properNoun	swe	Appenzell	properNoun	nor
Appenzelleralperna	properNoun	swe	Appenzelleralpane	properNoun	nor
Appoigny	properNoun	swe	Appoigny	properNoun	nor
Aprilov Point	properNoun	swe	Aprilov Point	properNoun	nor
Apt	properNoun	swe	Apt	properNoun	nor
Apure	properNoun	swe	Apure	properNoun	nor
Apurimac	properNoun	swe	Apurímac	properNoun	nor
Apurímac	properNoun	swe	Apurímac	properNoun	nor
Aqmola	properNoun	swe	Akmola	properNoun	nor
Aqrah	properNoun	swe	Aqrah	properNoun	nor
Aqtöbe	properNoun	swe	Aktobe	properNoun	nor
Aquino	properNoun	swe	Aquino	properNoun	nor
Ar Rastan	properNoun	swe	Al-Rastan	properNoun	nor
Arabatnäset	properNoun	swe	Arabatneset	properNoun	nor
Arabförbundet	properNoun	swe	Den arabiske liga	properNoun	nor
Arabförbundet	properNoun	swe	Den arabiske ligaen	properNoun	nor
Arabiastranden	properNoun	swe	Arabiastranden	properNoun	nor
Arabiska halvön	properNoun	swe	Den arabiske halvøy	properNoun	nor
Arabiska halvön	properNoun	swe	Den arabiske halvøya	properNoun	nor
Arabiska havet	properNoun	swe	Arabiahavet	properNoun	nor
Arabiska havet	properNoun	swe	Det arabiske havet	properNoun	nor
Arabiska öknen	properNoun	swe	Den arabiske ørken	properNoun	nor
Arabiska öknen	properNoun	swe	Den arabiske ørkenen	properNoun	nor
Arad	properNoun	swe	Arad	properNoun	nor
Arafurasjön	properNoun	swe	Arafurahavet	properNoun	nor
Arafurasjön	properNoun	swe	Arafurasjøen	properNoun	nor
Aragats	properNoun	swe	Aragats	properNoun	nor
Aragonien	properNoun	swe	Aragon	properNoun	nor
Aragonien	properNoun	swe	Aragón	properNoun	nor
Aragua	properNoun	swe	Aragua	properNoun	nor
Aragvi	properNoun	swe	Aragvi	properNoun	nor
Aralsjön	properNoun	swe	Aralsjøen	properNoun	nor
Aramil	properNoun	swe	Aramil	properNoun	nor
Aramis Range	properNoun	swe	Aramis Range	properNoun	nor
Arancón	properNoun	swe	Arancón	properNoun	nor
Aranjuez	properNoun	swe	Aranjuez	properNoun	nor
Aranno	properNoun	swe	Aranno	properNoun	nor
Aranöarna	properNoun	swe	Aranøyane	properNoun	nor
Aranöarna	properNoun	swe	Aranøyene	properNoun	nor
Arapiraca	properNoun	swe	Arapiraca	properNoun	nor
Arapuá	properNoun	swe	Arapuá	properNoun	nor
Arara	properNoun	swe	Arara	properNoun	nor
Ararat	properNoun	swe	Ararat	properNoun	nor
Aras	properNoun	swe	Araks	properNoun	nor
Aras	properNoun	swe	Aras	properNoun	nor
Arauca	properNoun	swe	Arauca	properNoun	nor
Arbach	properNoun	swe	Arbach	properNoun	nor
Arbanasi Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Arbanasi Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Arbat	properNoun	swe	Arbat	properNoun	nor
Arbil	properNoun	swe	Arbil	properNoun	nor
Arboga kommun	properNoun	swe	Arboga kommune	properNoun	nor
Arboga	properNoun	swe	Arboga	properNoun	nor
Arbogaån	properNoun	swe	Arbogaån	properNoun	nor
Arbois	properNoun	swe	Arbois	properNoun	nor
Arboldswil	properNoun	swe	Arboldswil	properNoun	nor
Arbroath	properNoun	swe	Arbroath	properNoun	nor
Arbrå	properNoun	swe	Arbrå	properNoun	nor
Arbérats	properNoun	swe	Arbérats	properNoun	nor
Arch	properNoun	swe	Arch	properNoun	nor
Archangelsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Arkhangelsk oblast	properNoun	nor
Archangelsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Arkhangelsk	properNoun	nor
Archangelsk	properNoun	swe	Arkhangelsk	properNoun	nor
Archar Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Archar Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Archibald	properNoun	swe	Archibald	properNoun	nor
Archimedes	properNoun	swe	Archimedes	properNoun	nor
Arcon	properNoun	swe	Arcon	properNoun	nor
Arconciel	properNoun	swe	Arconciel	properNoun	nor
Arcondo Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Arcondo Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Arcone	properNoun	swe	Arcone	properNoun	nor
Arda	properNoun	swe	Arda	properNoun	nor
Ardahan	properNoun	swe	Ardahan	properNoun	nor
Ardala	properNoun	swe	Ardala	properNoun	nor
Ardennerna	properNoun	swe	Ardennane	properNoun	nor
Ardennerna	properNoun	swe	Ardennene	properNoun	nor
Ardenneroffensiven	properNoun	swe	Ardennaroffensiven	properNoun	nor
Ardenneroffensiven	properNoun	swe	Ardenneroffensiven	properNoun	nor
Ardennes	properNoun	swe	Ardennes	properNoun	nor
Ardez	properNoun	swe	Ardez	properNoun	nor
Ardon	properNoun	swe	Ardon	properNoun	nor
Ardrishaig	properNoun	swe	Ardrishaig	properNoun	nor
Aremberg	properNoun	swe	Aremberg	properNoun	nor
Arena Corner	properNoun	swe	Arena Corner	properNoun	nor
Arena Larvik	properNoun	swe	Arena Larvik	properNoun	nor
Arena Saddle	properNoun	swe	Arena Saddle	properNoun	nor
Arendalsbanen	properNoun	swe	Arendalsbanen	properNoun	nor
Arenite Ridge	properNoun	swe	Arenite Ridge	properNoun	nor
Arentorp	properNoun	swe	Arentorp	properNoun	nor
Arequipa	properNoun	swe	Arequipa	properNoun	nor
Areta Rock	properNoun	swe	Areta Rock	properNoun	nor
Arezzo	properNoun	swe	Arezzo	properNoun	nor
Arganda del Rey	properNoun	swe	Arganda del Rey	properNoun	nor
Argen	properNoun	swe	Argen	properNoun	nor
Argenta	properNoun	swe	Argenta	properNoun	nor
Argentan	properNoun	swe	Argentan	properNoun	nor
Argenteuil	properNoun	swe	Argenteuil	properNoun	nor
Argentina Range	properNoun	swe	Argentina Range	properNoun	nor
Argentinska Antarktis	properNoun	swe	Argentinsk Antarktis	properNoun	nor
Argeș	properNoun	swe	Argeş	properNoun	nor
Argeș	properNoun	swe	Argeș	properNoun	nor
Argolis	properNoun	swe	Argolida	properNoun	nor
Argolis	properNoun	swe	Argolída	properNoun	nor
Argoliska viken	properNoun	swe	Argolikósbukta	properNoun	nor
Argoliska viken	properNoun	swe	Den argoliske bukt	properNoun	nor
Argos	properNoun	swe	Árgos	properNoun	nor
Argos	properNoun	swe	Argos	properNoun	nor
Argostoli	properNoun	swe	Argostoli	properNoun	nor
Argostoli	properNoun	swe	Argostóli	properNoun	nor
Arguineguin	properNoun	swe	Arguineguin	properNoun	nor
Arguineguin	properNoun	swe	Arguineguín	properNoun	nor
Argun	properNoun	swe	Argun	properNoun	nor
Argyll and Bute	properNoun	swe	Argyll and Bute	properNoun	nor
Arhan	properNoun	swe	Arhan	properNoun	nor
Arholma	properNoun	swe	Arholma	properNoun	nor
Ariel	properNoun	swe	Ariel	properNoun	nor
Arisdorf	properNoun	swe	Arisdorf	properNoun	nor
Aristau	properNoun	swe	Aristau	properNoun	nor
Arizona State University	properNoun	swe	Arizona State University	properNoun	nor
Ariège	properNoun	swe	Ariège	properNoun	nor
Arjeplog	properNoun	swe	Arjeplog	properNoun	nor
Arjeplogs kommun	properNoun	swe	Arjeplog kommune	properNoun	nor
Arkadien	properNoun	swe	Arkadia	properNoun	nor
Arkadien	properNoun	swe	Arkadía	properNoun	nor
Arkelstorp	properNoun	swe	Arkelstorp	properNoun	nor
Arles	properNoun	swe	Arles	properNoun	nor
Arlesey	properNoun	swe	Arlesey	properNoun	nor
Arlesheim	properNoun	swe	Arlesheim	properNoun	nor
Arlington County	properNoun	swe	Arlington County	properNoun	nor
Arlöv	properNoun	swe	Arlöv	properNoun	nor
Armadillo Hill	properNoun	swe	Armadillo Hill	properNoun	nor
Armagost	properNoun	swe	Armagost	properNoun	nor
Armasjärvi	properNoun	swe	Armasjärvi	properNoun	nor
Armavir	properNoun	swe	Armavir	properNoun	nor
Armbruster Rocks	properNoun	swe	Armbruster Rocks	properNoun	nor
Armidale	properNoun	swe	Armidale	properNoun	nor
Armitage Saddle	properNoun	swe	Armitage Saddle	properNoun	nor
Armjansk	properNoun	swe	Armjansk	properNoun	nor
Armonini Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Armonini Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Armour Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Armour Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Armsjön	properNoun	swe	Armsjön	properNoun	nor
Armytage	properNoun	swe	Armytage	properNoun	nor
Arneburg	properNoun	swe	Arneburg	properNoun	nor
Arnensee	properNoun	swe	Arnensee	properNoun	nor
Arnhem	properNoun	swe	Arnhem	properNoun	nor
Arnisee	properNoun	swe	Arnisee	properNoun	nor
Arnoldy Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Arnoldy Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Arnsberg	properNoun	swe	Arnsberg	properNoun	nor
Arnstadt	properNoun	swe	Arnstadt	properNoun	nor
Arnäsvall	properNoun	swe	Arnäsvall	properNoun	nor
Arnö	properNoun	swe	Arnö	properNoun	nor
Arnøy	properNoun	swe	Arnøya	properNoun	nor
Aronson Corner	properNoun	swe	Aronson Corner	properNoun	nor
Arontorp	properNoun	swe	Arontorp	properNoun	nor
Aroser Rothorn	properNoun	swe	Aroser Rothorn	properNoun	nor
Aroue	properNoun	swe	Aroue	properNoun	nor
Arpino	properNoun	swe	Arpino	properNoun	nor
Arpojaure	properNoun	swe	Arpojaure	properNoun	nor
Arqa	properNoun	swe	Arqa	properNoun	nor
Arra	properNoun	swe	Arra	properNoun	nor
Árran	properNoun	swe	Árran	properNoun	nor
Arranmore	properNoun	swe	Arranmore	properNoun	nor
Arras	properNoun	swe	Arras	properNoun	nor
Arrecife	properNoun	swe	Arrecife	properNoun	nor
Arresø	properNoun	swe	Arresø	properNoun	nor
Arrival Heights	properNoun	swe	Arrival Heights	properNoun	nor
Arronax	properNoun	swe	Arronax	properNoun	nor
Arrowhead Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Arrowhead Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Arrowhead Range	properNoun	swe	Arrowhead Range	properNoun	nor
Arsia Mons	properNoun	swe	Arsia Mons	properNoun	nor
Arta	properNoun	swe	Árta	properNoun	nor
Artabukten	properNoun	swe	Ártabukta	properNoun	nor
Artabukten	properNoun	swe	Den ambrakiske bukt	properNoun	nor
Artemistemplet i Efesos	properNoun	swe	Artemistempelet i Efesos	properNoun	nor
Artemivsk	properNoun	swe	Artemivsk	properNoun	nor
Artfjället	properNoun	swe	Artfjället	properNoun	nor
Arthurs Seat	properNoun	swe	Arthurs Seat	properNoun	nor
Arthurson Ridge	properNoun	swe	Arthurson Ridge	properNoun	nor
Artibonite	properNoun	swe	Artibonite	properNoun	nor
Artillerivej	properNoun	swe	Artillerivej	properNoun	nor
Artiom	properNoun	swe	Artjom	properNoun	nor
Artjomovski	properNoun	swe	Artjomovskij	properNoun	nor
Artvin	properNoun	swe	Artvin	properNoun	nor
Aruba	properNoun	swe	Aruba	properNoun	nor
Arunachal Pradesh	properNoun	swe	Arunachal Pradesh	properNoun	nor
Arundel	properNoun	swe	Arundel	properNoun	nor
Arvidsjaur	properNoun	swe	Arvidsjaur	properNoun	nor
Arvidsjaurs kommun	properNoun	swe	Arvidsjaur kommune	properNoun	nor
Arvigo	properNoun	swe	Arvigo	properNoun	nor
Arvika kommun	properNoun	swe	Arvika kommun	properNoun	nor
Arvika kommun	properNoun	swe	Arvika	properNoun	nor
Arwad	properNoun	swe	Arwad	properNoun	nor
Arzamas	properNoun	swe	Arzamas	properNoun	nor
Arådalen	properNoun	swe	Arådalen	properNoun	nor
Arån	properNoun	swe	Arån	properNoun	nor
Aröd och Timmervik	properNoun	swe	Aröd och Timmervik	properNoun	nor
Asadsjön	properNoun	swe	Asadsjøen	properNoun	nor
Asadsjön	properNoun	swe	Assadsjøen	properNoun	nor
Asahikawa	properNoun	swe	Asahikawa	properNoun	nor
Asbach	properNoun	swe	Asbach	properNoun	nor
Asbeck	properNoun	swe	Asbeck	properNoun	nor
Asberg	properNoun	swe	Asberg	properNoun	nor
Asbest	properNoun	swe	Asbest	properNoun	nor
Ascension	properNoun	swe	Ascension	properNoun	nor
Asch	properNoun	swe	Asch	properNoun	nor
Aschaffenburg	properNoun	swe	Aschaffenburg	properNoun	nor
Ascheberg	properNoun	swe	Ascheberg	properNoun	nor
Aschen	properNoun	swe	Aschen	properNoun	nor
Aschendorf	properNoun	swe	Aschendorf	properNoun	nor
Aschersleben	properNoun	swe	Aschersleben	properNoun	nor
Ascoli Piceno	properNoun	swe	Ascoli Piceno	properNoun	nor
Ascraeus Mons	properNoun	swe	Ascraeus Mons	properNoun	nor
Asgard Range	properNoun	swe	Asgard Range	properNoun	nor
Ashburton	properNoun	swe	Ashburton	properNoun	nor
Ashdod	properNoun	swe	Ashdod	properNoun	nor
Ashington	properNoun	swe	Ashington	properNoun	nor
Ashkelon	properNoun	swe	Ashkelon	properNoun	nor
Ashland	properNoun	swe	Ashland	properNoun	nor
Asht	properNoun	swe	Asht	properNoun	nor
Ashworth	properNoun	swe	Ashworth	properNoun	nor
Asinara	properNoun	swe	Asinara	properNoun	nor
Asino	properNoun	swe	Asino	properNoun	nor
Asjchabad	properNoun	swe	Asjkhabad	properNoun	nor
Askeby	properNoun	swe	Askeby	properNoun	nor
Asker station	properNoun	swe	Asker stasjon	properNoun	nor
Askerbanen	properNoun	swe	Askerbanen	properNoun	nor
Askern	properNoun	swe	Askern	properNoun	nor
Askersby	properNoun	swe	Askersby	properNoun	nor
Askersund	properNoun	swe	Askersund	properNoun	nor
Askersunds kommun	properNoun	swe	Askersund kommune	properNoun	nor
Askja	properNoun	swe	Askja	properNoun	nor
Askøybron	properNoun	swe	Askøybrua	properNoun	nor
Asmaløy	properNoun	swe	Asmaløy	properNoun	nor
Asman Ridge	properNoun	swe	Asman Ridge	properNoun	nor
Asmara	properNoun	swe	Asmara	properNoun	nor
Asmundtorp	properNoun	swe	Asmundtorp	properNoun	nor
Aspach	properNoun	swe	Aspach	properNoun	nor
Aspatria	properNoun	swe	Aspatria	properNoun	nor
Asperg	properNoun	swe	Asperg	properNoun	nor
Asperö	properNoun	swe	Asperö	properNoun	nor
Aspeå	properNoun	swe	Aspeå	properNoun	nor
Aspliden	properNoun	swe	Aspliden	properNoun	nor
Aspromonte	properNoun	swe	Aspromonte	properNoun	nor
Aspås	properNoun	swe	Aspås	properNoun	nor
Assam	properNoun	swe	Assam	properNoun	nor
Asselborn	properNoun	swe	Asselborn	properNoun	nor
Asseln	properNoun	swe	Asseln	properNoun	nor
Assens kommun	properNoun	swe	Assens kommune	properNoun	nor
Asserbo	properNoun	swe	Asserbo	properNoun	nor
Assisi	properNoun	swe	Assisi	properNoun	nor
Assuan	properNoun	swe	Aswan	properNoun	nor
Assuandammen	properNoun	swe	Aswandammen	properNoun	nor
Assyrien	properNoun	swe	Assyria	properNoun	nor
Astana	properNoun	swe	Astana	properNoun	nor
Astarte Horn	properNoun	swe	Astarte Horn	properNoun	nor
Asti	properNoun	swe	Asti	properNoun	nor
Aston Tirrold	properNoun	swe	Aston Tirrold	properNoun	nor
Astor Theatre	properNoun	swe	Astor Theatre	properNoun	nor
Astorhortane	properNoun	swe	Astorhortane	properNoun	nor
Astrachan oblast	properNoun	swe	Astrakhan oblast	properNoun	nor
Astrachan oblast	properNoun	swe	Astrakhan	properNoun	nor
Astrachan	properNoun	swe	Astrakhan	properNoun	nor
Astraea Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Astraea Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Astrid Lindgrens Värld	properNoun	swe	Astrid Lindgrens Värld	properNoun	nor
Astrolabe Needle	properNoun	swe	Astrolabe Needle	properNoun	nor
Astsjor	properNoun	swe	Ostior	properNoun	nor
Asturien	properNoun	swe	Asturias	properNoun	nor
Astypalaia	properNoun	swe	Astypalaia	properNoun	nor
Astypalaia	properNoun	swe	Astypálea	properNoun	nor
Asunción	properNoun	swe	Asunción	properNoun	nor
Asyut	properNoun	swe	Asyut	properNoun	nor
Atanasoff Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Atanasoff Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Atazardammen	properNoun	swe	Atazardammen	properNoun	nor
Atazardammen	properNoun	swe	El Atazar-demningen	properNoun	nor
Ath	properNoun	swe	Ath	properNoun	nor
Athens	properNoun	swe	Athens	properNoun	nor
Atherstone	properNoun	swe	Atherstone	properNoun	nor
Atherton	properNoun	swe	Atherton	properNoun	nor
Athienou	properNoun	swe	Athienou	properNoun	nor
Athienou	properNoun	swe	Athiénou	properNoun	nor
Atholl	properNoun	swe	Atholl	properNoun	nor
Athos	properNoun	swe	Athos	properNoun	nor
Atjinsk	properNoun	swe	Atsjinsk	properNoun	nor
Atlanterhavet	properNoun	swe	Atlanterhavet	properNoun	nor
Atlanten	properNoun	swe	Atlanterhavet	properNoun	nor
Atlanthavsvägen	properNoun	swe	Atlanterhavsvegen	properNoun	nor
Atlanthavsvägen	properNoun	swe	Atlanterhavsveien	properNoun	nor
Atlantic Club Ridge	properNoun	swe	Atlantic Club Ridge	properNoun	nor
Atlántico	properNoun	swe	Atlántico	properNoun	nor
Atlantis	properNoun	swe	Atlantis	properNoun	nor
Atlasbergen	properNoun	swe	Atlasfjella	properNoun	nor
Atlasbergen	properNoun	swe	Atlasfjellene	properNoun	nor
Atnsjøen	properNoun	swe	Atnsjøen	properNoun	nor
Atoll Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Atoll Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Atom Rock	properNoun	swe	Atom Rock	properNoun	nor
Atombomberna över Hiroshima och Nagasaki	properNoun	swe	Atombombene over Hiroshima og Nagasaki	properNoun	nor
Atrå kyrka	properNoun	swe	Atrå kirke	properNoun	nor
Atrå kyrka	properNoun	swe	Atrå kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Attalens	properNoun	swe	Attalens	properNoun	nor
Attelwil	properNoun	swe	Attelwil	properNoun	nor
Attenberg	properNoun	swe	Attenberg	properNoun	nor
Attenborough	properNoun	swe	Attenborough	properNoun	nor
Attendorn	properNoun	swe	Attendorn	properNoun	nor
Attentatet i Apeldoorn 2009	properNoun	swe	Attentatet i Apeldoorn 2009	properNoun	nor
Attenweiler	properNoun	swe	Attenweiler	properNoun	nor
Attersee	properNoun	swe	Attersee	properNoun	nor
Attika	properNoun	swe	Attika	properNoun	nor
Attika	properNoun	swe	Attikí	properNoun	nor
Attiswil	properNoun	swe	Attiswil	properNoun	nor
Attleborough	properNoun	swe	Attleborough	properNoun	nor
Atwater Hill	properNoun	swe	Atwater Hill	properNoun	nor
Atyraw	properNoun	swe	Atyrau	properNoun	nor
Atça	properNoun	swe	Atça	properNoun	nor
Aubervilliers	properNoun	swe	Aubervilliers	properNoun	nor
Auboranges	properNoun	swe	Auboranges	properNoun	nor
Aubusson	properNoun	swe	Aubusson	properNoun	nor
Auch	properNoun	swe	Auch	properNoun	nor
Auchinleck	properNoun	swe	Auchinleck	properNoun	nor
Auckland City	properNoun	swe	Auckland City	properNoun	nor
Aucklandöarna	properNoun	swe	Aucklandøyane	properNoun	nor
Aucklandöarna	properNoun	swe	Aucklandøyene	properNoun	nor
Aude	properNoun	swe	Aude	properNoun	nor
Auditorio de Tenerife	properNoun	swe	Auditorio de Tenerife	properNoun	nor
Aue	properNoun	swe	Aue	properNoun	nor
Auel	properNoun	swe	Auel	properNoun	nor
Auenheim	properNoun	swe	Auenheim	properNoun	nor
Auenstein	properNoun	swe	Auenstein	properNoun	nor
Auerbach in der Oberpfalz	properNoun	swe	Auerbach in der Oberpfalz	properNoun	nor
Auerbach	properNoun	swe	Auerbach	properNoun	nor
Auetal	properNoun	swe	Auetal	properNoun	nor
Augen Bluffs	properNoun	swe	Augen Bluffs	properNoun	nor
Augsburg College	properNoun	swe	Augsburg College	properNoun	nor
Augst	properNoun	swe	Augst	properNoun	nor
Augstberg	properNoun	swe	Augstberg	properNoun	nor
Augstbordhorn	properNoun	swe	Augstbordhorn	properNoun	nor
August Wilson Theatre	properNoun	swe	August Wilson Theatre	properNoun	nor
Augustdorf	properNoun	swe	Augustdorf	properNoun	nor
Augustowo	properNoun	swe	Augustowo	properNoun	nor
Augustusburg	properNoun	swe	Augustusburg	properNoun	nor
Auhagen	properNoun	swe	Auhagen	properNoun	nor
Aukland	properNoun	swe	Aukland	properNoun	nor
Aukrug	properNoun	swe	Aukrug	properNoun	nor
Aukštojas	properNoun	swe	Aukštojas	properNoun	nor
Aukštojas	properNoun	swe	Aukštojasbakken	properNoun	nor
Aulas	properNoun	swe	Aulas	properNoun	nor
Aulendorf	properNoun	swe	Aulendorf	properNoun	nor
Aulifeltet	properNoun	swe	Aulifeltet	properNoun	nor
Aumelas	properNoun	swe	Aumelas	properNoun	nor
Aunsbjerg	properNoun	swe	Aunsbjerg	properNoun	nor
Aura å	properNoun	swe	Aura å	properNoun	nor
Aurdalsegga	properNoun	swe	Aurdalsegga	properNoun	nor
Aureole Hills	properNoun	swe	Aureole Hills	properNoun	nor
Aurhø	properNoun	swe	Aurhø	properNoun	nor
Aurich	properNoun	swe	Aurich	properNoun	nor
Auriga Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Auriga Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Aurillac	properNoun	swe	Aurillac	properNoun	nor
Aurith	properNoun	swe	Aurith	properNoun	nor
Aurlandsvangen	properNoun	swe	Aurlandsvangen	properNoun	nor
Aurora Heights	properNoun	swe	Aurora Heights	properNoun	nor
Aursmoen	properNoun	swe	Aursmoen	properNoun	nor
Auskerry	properNoun	swe	Auskerry	properNoun	nor
Ausserberg	properNoun	swe	Ausserberg	properNoun	nor
Auster Pass	properNoun	swe	Auster Pass	properNoun	nor
Austfjorden	properNoun	swe	Austfjorden	properNoun	nor
Austfonna	properNoun	swe	Austfonna	properNoun	nor
Austin Valley	properNoun	swe	Austin Valley	properNoun	nor
Austpynten	properNoun	swe	Austpynten	properNoun	nor
Austra	properNoun	swe	Austra	properNoun	nor
Australasien	properNoun	swe	Australasia	properNoun	nor
Australian Broadcasting Corporation	properNoun	swe	Australian Broadcasting Corporation	properNoun	nor
Australian Capital Territory	properNoun	swe	Australian Capital Territory	properNoun	nor
Australiens Grand Prix	properNoun	swe	Australia Grand Prix	properNoun	nor
Australiens Grand Prix	properNoun	swe	Australias Grand Prix	properNoun	nor
Australiska Antarktis	properNoun	swe	Australian Antarctic Territory	properNoun	nor
Australiska Antarktis	properNoun	swe	Australsk Antarktis	properNoun	nor
Austskjera	properNoun	swe	Austskjera	properNoun	nor
Austvågøy	properNoun	swe	Austvågøya	properNoun	nor
Auswil	properNoun	swe	Auswil	properNoun	nor
Autafond	properNoun	swe	Autafond	properNoun	nor
Autigny	properNoun	swe	Autigny	properNoun	nor
Autlán de Navarro	properNoun	swe	Autlán de Navarro	properNoun	nor
Autonoma regionen Tibet	properNoun	swe	Den autonome regionen Tibet	properNoun	nor
Autonoma regionen Tibet	properNoun	swe	Tibet	properNoun	nor
Autonoma republiken Krim	properNoun	swe	Den autonome republikken Krim	properNoun	nor
Autreville	properNoun	swe	Autreville	properNoun	nor
Autun	properNoun	swe	Autun	properNoun	nor
Auvergne	properNoun	swe	Auvergne	properNoun	nor
Auvernier	properNoun	swe	Auvernier	properNoun	nor
Auw	properNoun	swe	Auw	properNoun	nor
Auxerre	properNoun	swe	Auxerre	properNoun	nor
Außenalster	properNoun	swe	Aussenalster	properNoun	nor
Außenalster	properNoun	swe	Außenalster	properNoun	nor
Avala	properNoun	swe	Avala	properNoun	nor
Avalanche Rocks	properNoun	swe	Avalanche Rocks	properNoun	nor
Avallon	properNoun	swe	Avallon	properNoun	nor
Avarua	properNoun	swe	Avarua	properNoun	nor
Avatjabukten	properNoun	swe	Avatsjabukta	properNoun	nor
Avaträsk	properNoun	swe	Avaträsk	properNoun	nor
Avedøre	properNoun	swe	Avedøre	properNoun	nor
Avegno Gordevio	properNoun	swe	Avegno Gordevio	properNoun	nor
Aveiro	properNoun	swe	Aveiro	properNoun	nor
Avellino	properNoun	swe	Avellino	properNoun	nor
Avenches	properNoun	swe	Avenches	properNoun	nor
Avenida Paulista	properNoun	swe	Avenida Paulista	properNoun	nor
Aventinen	properNoun	swe	Aventinerhøgda	properNoun	nor
Aventinen	properNoun	swe	Aventinerhøyden	properNoun	nor
Avernosjön	properNoun	swe	Avernosjøen	properNoun	nor
Avers	properNoun	swe	Avers	properNoun	nor
Aversa	properNoun	swe	Aversa	properNoun	nor
Avesta kommun	properNoun	swe	Avesta kommune	properNoun	nor
Aveyron	properNoun	swe	Aveyron	properNoun	nor
Aviator Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Aviator Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Aviemore	properNoun	swe	Aviemore	properNoun	nor
Ávila	properNoun	swe	Ávila	properNoun	nor
Avilés	properNoun	swe	Avilés	properNoun	nor
Avitohol Point	properNoun	swe	Avitohol Point	properNoun	nor
Avranches	properNoun	swe	Avranches	properNoun	nor
Avren Rocks	properNoun	swe	Avren Rocks	properNoun	nor
Avry	properNoun	swe	Avry	properNoun	nor
Avully	properNoun	swe	Avully	properNoun	nor
Avusy	properNoun	swe	Avusy	properNoun	nor
Axaren	properNoun	swe	Axaren	properNoun	nor
Axarfjörður	properNoun	swe	Öxarfjörður	properNoun	nor
Axbridge	properNoun	swe	Axbridge	properNoun	nor
Axel Heibergbreen	properNoun	swe	Axel Heiberg-breen	properNoun	nor
Axel Heibergbreen	properNoun	swe	Axel Heibergbreen	properNoun	nor
Axeltorv	properNoun	swe	Axeltorv	properNoun	nor
Axvall	properNoun	swe	Axvall	properNoun	nor
Axworthy	properNoun	swe	Axworthy	properNoun	nor
Ayacucho	properNoun	swe	Ayacucho	properNoun	nor
Ayalongrottan	properNoun	swe	Ayalongrotta	properNoun	nor
Aydın	properNoun	swe	Aydın	properNoun	nor
Ayerbe	properNoun	swe	Ayerbe	properNoun	nor
Ayia Napa	properNoun	swe	Agia Napa	properNoun	nor
Ayia Napa	properNoun	swe	Agía Nápa	properNoun	nor
Aylesbury	properNoun	swe	Aylesbury	properNoun	nor
Aylsham	properNoun	swe	Aylsham	properNoun	nor
Ayodhya	properNoun	swe	Ayodhya	properNoun	nor
Aytos Point	properNoun	swe	Aytos Point	properNoun	nor
Ayvalık	properNoun	swe	Ayvalık	properNoun	nor
Azalea	properNoun	swe	Azalea	properNoun	nor
Azawad	properNoun	swe	Azawad	properNoun	nor
Azerbajdzjans historia	properNoun	swe	Aserbajdsjansk historie	properNoun	nor
Azerbajdzjanska SSR	properNoun	swe	Den aserbajdsjanske sosialistiske sovjetrepublikk	properNoun	nor
Azerbajdzjanska SSR	properNoun	swe	Den aserbajdsjanske sosialistiske sovjetrepublikken	properNoun	nor
Aznakajevo	properNoun	swe	Aznakajevo	properNoun	nor
Azoriska högtrycket	properNoun	swe	Asorehøgtrykket	properNoun	nor
Azoriska högtrycket	properNoun	swe	Azorehøytrykket	properNoun	nor
Azov	properNoun	swe	Azov	properNoun	nor
Azovska sjön	properNoun	swe	Azovhavet	properNoun	nor
Aèrodromnaja	properNoun	swe	Veteheia	properNoun	nor
Aéroport international de Genève	properNoun	swe	Genève internasjonale lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Aéroport international de Genève	properNoun	swe	Genève internasjonale lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Aïnab	properNoun	swe	Ainab	properNoun	nor
Aïntoûra	properNoun	swe	Aintoura	properNoun	nor
Aïntoûra	properNoun	swe	Antoura	properNoun	nor
Aïtaroun	properNoun	swe	Aitaroun	properNoun	nor
Ağrı	properNoun	swe	Ağrı	properNoun	nor
Baach	properNoun	swe	Baach	properNoun	nor
Baar	properNoun	swe	Baar	properNoun	nor
Baba	properNoun	swe	Baba	properNoun	nor
Babajevo	properNoun	swe	Babajevo	properNoun	nor
Babels torn	properNoun	swe	Tårnet i Babel	properNoun	nor
Babenhausen	properNoun	swe	Babenhausen	properNoun	nor
Babsk	properNoun	swe	Babsk	properNoun	nor
Bacharach Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Bacharach Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Bachem	properNoun	swe	Bachem	properNoun	nor
Bachfeld	properNoun	swe	Bachfeld	properNoun	nor
Bachtjisaraj	properNoun	swe	Bakhtsjisaraj	properNoun	nor
Bachtjisaraj	properNoun	swe	Bakhtsjysaraj	properNoun	nor
Back Mesa	properNoun	swe	Back Mesa	properNoun	nor
Bačka	properNoun	swe	Bačka	properNoun	nor
Backa	properNoun	swe	Backa	properNoun	nor
Backaryd	properNoun	swe	Backaryd	properNoun	nor
Backberg	properNoun	swe	Backberg	properNoun	nor
Backnang	properNoun	swe	Backnang	properNoun	nor
Bacoli	properNoun	swe	Bacoli	properNoun	nor
Bacup	properNoun	swe	Bacup	properNoun	nor
Bacău	properNoun	swe	Bacău	properNoun	nor
Bad Aussee	properNoun	swe	Bad Aussee	properNoun	nor
Bad Belzig	properNoun	swe	Bad Belzig	properNoun	nor
Bad Bentheim	properNoun	swe	Bad Bentheim	properNoun	nor
Bad Bergzabern	properNoun	swe	Bad Bergzabern	properNoun	nor
Bad Berleburg	properNoun	swe	Bad Berleburg	properNoun	nor
Bad Bevensen	properNoun	swe	Bad Bevensen	properNoun	nor
Bad Bodenteich	properNoun	swe	Bad Bodenteich	properNoun	nor
Bad Boll	properNoun	swe	Bad Boll	properNoun	nor
Bad Bramstedt	properNoun	swe	Bad Bramstedt	properNoun	nor
Bad Buchau	properNoun	swe	Bad Buchau	properNoun	nor
Bad Driburg	properNoun	swe	Bad Driburg	properNoun	nor
Bad Dürkheim	properNoun	swe	Bad Dürkheim	properNoun	nor
Bad Freienwalde	properNoun	swe	Bad Freienwalde	properNoun	nor
Bad Friedrichshall	properNoun	swe	Bad Friedrichshall	properNoun	nor
Bad Gastein	properNoun	swe	Bad Gastein	properNoun	nor
Bad Godesberg	properNoun	swe	Bad Godesberg	properNoun	nor
Bad Harzburg	properNoun	swe	Bad Harzburg	properNoun	nor
Bad Herrenalb	properNoun	swe	Bad Herrenalb	properNoun	nor
Bad Hindelang	properNoun	swe	Bad Hindelang	properNoun	nor
Bad Homburg	properNoun	swe	Bad Homburg vor der Höhe	properNoun	nor
Bad Homburg	properNoun	swe	Bad Homburg	properNoun	nor
Bad Honnef	properNoun	swe	Bad Honnef	properNoun	nor
Bad Kissingen	properNoun	swe	Bad Kissingen	properNoun	nor
Bad Kleinkirchheim	properNoun	swe	Bad Kleinkirchheim	properNoun	nor
Bad Kreuznach	properNoun	swe	Bad Kreuznach	properNoun	nor
Bad Laasphe	properNoun	swe	Bad Laasphe	properNoun	nor
Bad Langensalza	properNoun	swe	Bad Langensalza	properNoun	nor
Bad Lauterberg im Harz	properNoun	swe	Bad Lauterberg im Harz	properNoun	nor
Bad Liebenwerda	properNoun	swe	Bad Liebenwerda	properNoun	nor
Bad Liebenzell	properNoun	swe	Bad Liebenzell	properNoun	nor
Bad Lippspringe	properNoun	swe	Bad Lippspringe	properNoun	nor
Bad Meinberg	properNoun	swe	Bad Meinberg	properNoun	nor
Bad Mitterndorf	properNoun	swe	Bad-Mitterndorf	properNoun	nor
Bad Mitterndorf	properNoun	swe	Bad Mitterndorf	properNoun	nor
Bad Münder am Deister	properNoun	swe	Bad Münder am Deister	properNoun	nor
Bad Münstereifel	properNoun	swe	Bad Münstereifel	properNoun	nor
Bad Nauheim	properNoun	swe	Bad Nauheim	properNoun	nor
Bad Oeynhausen	properNoun	swe	Bad Oeynhausen	properNoun	nor
Bad Pyrmont	properNoun	swe	Bad Pyrmont	properNoun	nor
Bad Ragaz	properNoun	swe	Bad Ragaz	properNoun	nor
Bad Reichenhall	properNoun	swe	Bad Reichenhall	properNoun	nor
Bad Saarow	properNoun	swe	Bad Saarow	properNoun	nor
Bad Sachsa	properNoun	swe	Bad Sachsa	properNoun	nor
Bad Salzdetfurth	properNoun	swe	Bad Salzdetfurth	properNoun	nor
Bad Salzuflen	properNoun	swe	Bad Salzuflen	properNoun	nor
Bad Sassendorf	properNoun	swe	Bad Sassendorf	properNoun	nor
Bad Saulgau	properNoun	swe	Bad Saulgau	properNoun	nor
Bad Schmiedeberg	properNoun	swe	Bad Schmiedeberg	properNoun	nor
Bad Schussenried	properNoun	swe	Bad Schussenried	properNoun	nor
Bad Segeberg	properNoun	swe	Bad Segeberg	properNoun	nor
Bad Sobernheim	properNoun	swe	Bad Sobernheim	properNoun	nor
Bad Tennstedt	properNoun	swe	Bad Tennstedt	properNoun	nor
Bad Tölz	properNoun	swe	Bad Tölz	properNoun	nor
Bad Urach	properNoun	swe	Bad Urach	properNoun	nor
Bad Waldsee	properNoun	swe	Bad Waldsee	properNoun	nor
Bad Wimpfen	properNoun	swe	Bad Wimpfen	properNoun	nor
Bad Wurzach	properNoun	swe	Bad Wurzach	properNoun	nor
Bad Wörishofen	properNoun	swe	Bad Wörishofen	properNoun	nor
Bad Wünnenberg	properNoun	swe	Bad Wünnenberg	properNoun	nor
Bad Zwischenahn	properNoun	swe	Bad Zwischenahn	properNoun	nor
Badajoz	properNoun	swe	Badajoz	properNoun	nor
Badalona	properNoun	swe	Badalona	properNoun	nor
Badonviller	properNoun	swe	Badonviller	properNoun	nor
Badsee	properNoun	swe	Badsee	properNoun	nor
Badstuestræde	properNoun	swe	Badstuestræde	properNoun	nor
Badus	properNoun	swe	Badus	properNoun	nor
Baena	properNoun	swe	Baena	properNoun	nor
Baesweiler	properNoun	swe	Baesweiler	properNoun	nor
Baffinbukten	properNoun	swe	Baffinbukta	properNoun	nor
Baffinön	properNoun	swe	Baffinøya	properNoun	nor
Baggetorp	properNoun	swe	Baggetorp	properNoun	nor
Baggott Ridge	properNoun	swe	Baggott Ridge	properNoun	nor
Bagheria	properNoun	swe	Bagheria	properNoun	nor
Bagnold Point	properNoun	swe	Bagnold Point	properNoun	nor
Bagrationovsk	properNoun	swe	Bagrationovsk	properNoun	nor
Bagshawe	properNoun	swe	Bagshawe	properNoun	nor
Bahawalpur	properNoun	swe	Bahawalpur	properNoun	nor
Bahrains Grand Prix	properNoun	swe	Bahrain Grand Prix	properNoun	nor
Bahrains Grand Prix	properNoun	swe	Bahrains Grand Prix	properNoun	nor
Baia Mare	properNoun	swe	Baia Mare	properNoun	nor
Baicheng	properNoun	swe	Baicheng	properNoun	nor
Bailey Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Bailey Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Bailey Rocks	properNoun	swe	Bailey Rocks	properNoun	nor
Bain Crags	properNoun	swe	Bain Crags	properNoun	nor
Bain Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Bain Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Baines Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Baines Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Baishan	properNoun	swe	Baishan	properNoun	nor
Baitul Futuh	properNoun	swe	Baitul Futuh	properNoun	nor
Baiyin	properNoun	swe	Baiyin	properNoun	nor
Baja California Sur	properNoun	swe	Baja California Sur	properNoun	nor
Baja California	properNoun	swe	Baja California	properNoun	nor
Baja	properNoun	swe	Baja	properNoun	nor
Bajkalbergen	properNoun	swe	Bajkalfjella	properNoun	nor
Bajkalbergen	properNoun	swe	Bajkalfjellene	properNoun	nor
Bajkalsjön	properNoun	swe	Bajkalsjøen	properNoun	nor
Bajkonur	properNoun	swe	Bajkonur	properNoun	nor
Baker Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Baker Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Bakewell	properNoun	swe	Bakewell	properNoun	nor
Bakewelløya	properNoun	swe	Bakewelløya	properNoun	nor
Bakkehaugens kyrka	properNoun	swe	Bakkehaugen kirke	properNoun	nor
Bakkehaugens kyrka	properNoun	swe	Bakkehaugen kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Bakkesvodene	properNoun	swe	Bakkesvodene	properNoun	nor
Bakshev Ridge	properNoun	swe	Bakshev Ridge	properNoun	nor
Baktrien	properNoun	swe	Baktria	properNoun	nor
Bakutis Coast	properNoun	swe	Bakutis Coast	properNoun	nor
Balaguer	properNoun	swe	Balaguer	properNoun	nor
Balakovo	properNoun	swe	Balakovo	properNoun	nor
Balan Ridge	properNoun	swe	Balan Ridge	properNoun	nor
Balasjicha	properNoun	swe	Balasjikha	properNoun	nor
Balasjov	properNoun	swe	Balasjov	properNoun	nor
Balatonfüred	properNoun	swe	Balatonfüred	properNoun	nor
Balchasjsjön	properNoun	swe	Balkhasjsjøen	properNoun	nor
Balchunas Pass	properNoun	swe	Balchunas Pass	properNoun	nor
Baldersbrønde	properNoun	swe	Baldersbrønde	properNoun	nor
Baldingen	properNoun	swe	Baldingen	properNoun	nor
Baldred Rock	properNoun	swe	Baldred Rock	properNoun	nor
Baldwin Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Baldwin Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Baldwin Rocks	properNoun	swe	Baldwin Rocks	properNoun	nor
Baldwin Valley	properNoun	swe	Baldwin Valley	properNoun	nor
Balearerna	properNoun	swe	Balearane	properNoun	nor
Balearerna	properNoun	swe	Balearene	properNoun	nor
Baleariska sjön	properNoun	swe	Baleariske hav	properNoun	nor
Baleariska sjön	properNoun	swe	Det baleariske havet	properNoun	nor
Baleen	properNoun	swe	Baleen	properNoun	nor
Balfrin	properNoun	swe	Balfrin	properNoun	nor
Balge	properNoun	swe	Balge	properNoun	nor
Balgö	properNoun	swe	Balgö	properNoun	nor
Balham Lake	properNoun	swe	Balham Lake	properNoun	nor
Balham Valley	properNoun	swe	Balham Valley	properNoun	nor
Balin Point	properNoun	swe	Balin Point	properNoun	nor
Baling	properNoun	swe	Baling	properNoun	nor
Balingen	properNoun	swe	Balingen	properNoun	nor
Balkanbergen	properNoun	swe	Balkanfjella	properNoun	nor
Balkanbergen	properNoun	swe	Balkanfjellene	properNoun	nor
Balke kyrka	properNoun	swe	Balke kirke	properNoun	nor
Balke kyrka	properNoun	swe	Balke kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Ball Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Ball Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Ball Stream	properNoun	swe	Ball Stream	properNoun	nor
Ballen	properNoun	swe	Ballen	properNoun	nor
Ballendorf	properNoun	swe	Ballendorf	properNoun	nor
Ballenstedt	properNoun	swe	Ballenstedt	properNoun	nor
Ballenyöarna	properNoun	swe	Ballenyøyane	properNoun	nor
Ballenyöarna	properNoun	swe	Ballenyøyene	properNoun	nor
Ballerups kommun	properNoun	swe	Ballerup kommune	properNoun	nor
Ballester Point	properNoun	swe	Ballester Point	properNoun	nor
Ballhausen	properNoun	swe	Ballhausen	properNoun	nor
Ballingslöv	properNoun	swe	Ballingslöv	properNoun	nor
Balliol College	properNoun	swe	Balliol College	properNoun	nor
Ballum	properNoun	swe	Ballum	properNoun	nor
Balm bei Günsberg	properNoun	swe	Balm bei Günsberg	properNoun	nor
Balmahorn	properNoun	swe	Balmahorn	properNoun	nor
Balmedie	properNoun	swe	Balmedie	properNoun	nor
Balmhorn	properNoun	swe	Balmhorn	properNoun	nor
Balneário Rincão	properNoun	swe	Balneário Rincão	properNoun	nor
Balqa	properNoun	swe	Balqa	properNoun	nor
Balsby	properNoun	swe	Balsby	properNoun	nor
Balsfjorden	properNoun	swe	Balsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Balsthal	properNoun	swe	Balsthal	properNoun	nor
Baltijsk	properNoun	swe	Baltijsk	properNoun	nor
Baltrum	properNoun	swe	Baltrum	properNoun	nor
Baluchistan	properNoun	swe	Balutsjistan	properNoun	nor
Balve	properNoun	swe	Balve	properNoun	nor
Balzers	properNoun	swe	Balzers	properNoun	nor
Balzheim	properNoun	swe	Balzheim	properNoun	nor
Balıkesir	properNoun	swe	Balıkesir	properNoun	nor
Bamburgh	properNoun	swe	Bamburgh	properNoun	nor
Bamian	properNoun	swe	Bamiyan	properNoun	nor
Bamiyan	properNoun	swe	Bamiyan	properNoun	nor
Bammarboda	properNoun	swe	Bammarboda	properNoun	nor
Bamsefjell	properNoun	swe	Bamsefjell	properNoun	nor
Banat	properNoun	swe	Banat	properNoun	nor
Banbury	properNoun	swe	Banbury	properNoun	nor
Banck	properNoun	swe	Banck	properNoun	nor
Bandar Seri Begawan	properNoun	swe	Bandar Seri Begawan	properNoun	nor
Bandasjön	properNoun	swe	Bandahavet	properNoun	nor
Bandasjön	properNoun	swe	Bandasjøen	properNoun	nor
Bandaöarna	properNoun	swe	Bandaøyene	properNoun	nor
Bandstone Block	properNoun	swe	Bandstone Block	properNoun	nor
Bandung	properNoun	swe	Bandung	properNoun	nor
Baneh	properNoun	swe	Baneh	properNoun	nor
Banff	properNoun	swe	Banff	properNoun	nor
Bang Kwang	properNoun	swe	Bangkwang	properNoun	nor
Bangerten	properNoun	swe	Bangerten	properNoun	nor
Bangka	properNoun	swe	Bangka	properNoun	nor
Bangsbostrand	properNoun	swe	Bangsbostrand	properNoun	nor
Bangui	properNoun	swe	Bangui	properNoun	nor
Banias	properNoun	swe	Banias	properNoun	nor
Baniyas	properNoun	swe	Baniyas	properNoun	nor
Banja Luka	properNoun	swe	Banja Luka	properNoun	nor
Banjul	properNoun	swe	Banjul	properNoun	nor
Bankekind	properNoun	swe	Bankekind	properNoun	nor
Bankeryd	properNoun	swe	Bankeryd	properNoun	nor
Banksön	properNoun	swe	Banksøya	properNoun	nor
Bann	properNoun	swe	Bann	properNoun	nor
Banna Ridge	properNoun	swe	Banna Ridge	properNoun	nor
Bannockburn	properNoun	swe	Bannockburn	properNoun	nor
Bannwil	properNoun	swe	Bannwil	properNoun	nor
Banque de France	properNoun	swe	Banque de France	properNoun	nor
Banská Bystrica	properNoun	swe	Banská Bystrica	properNoun	nor
Banzare Coast	properNoun	swe	Banzare Coast	properNoun	nor
Baoding	properNoun	swe	Baoding	properNoun	nor
Baoji	properNoun	swe	Baoji	properNoun	nor
Baoshan	properNoun	swe	Baoshan	properNoun	nor
Bar	properNoun	swe	Bar	properNoun	nor
Bara	properNoun	swe	Bara	properNoun	nor
Barabastäppen	properNoun	swe	Barabasteppa	properNoun	nor
Barabastäppen	properNoun	swe	Den barabinske steppe	properNoun	nor
Baracaldo	properNoun	swe	Barakaldo	properNoun	nor
Barberêche	properNoun	swe	Barberêche	properNoun	nor
Barby	properNoun	swe	Barby	properNoun	nor
Barcelonnette	properNoun	swe	Barcelonnette	properNoun	nor
Bardell Rock	properNoun	swe	Bardell Rock	properNoun	nor
Bardonnex	properNoun	swe	Bardonnex	properNoun	nor
Bardsdell Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Bardsdell Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Barduelva	properNoun	swe	Barduelva	properNoun	nor
Bardufoss flygplats	properNoun	swe	Bardufoss lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Bardufoss flygplats	properNoun	swe	Bardufoss lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Barela Rock	properNoun	swe	Barela Rock	properNoun	nor
Barellan	properNoun	swe	Barellan	properNoun	nor
Barenburg	properNoun	swe	Barenburg	properNoun	nor
Barentshavet	properNoun	swe	Barentshavet	properNoun	nor
Barents hav	properNoun	swe	Barentshavet	properNoun	nor
Barentsregionen	properNoun	swe	Barentsregionen	properNoun	nor
Barešani	properNoun	swe	Barešani	properNoun	nor
Bargen	properNoun	swe	Bargen	properNoun	nor
Bargum	properNoun	swe	Bargum	properNoun	nor
Bari	properNoun	swe	Bari	properNoun	nor
Barinas	properNoun	swe	Barinas	properNoun	nor
Bark	properNoun	swe	Bark	properNoun	nor
Barkarö	properNoun	swe	Barkarö	properNoun	nor
Barker Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Barker Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Barker Range	properNoun	swe	Barker Range	properNoun	nor
Barkhausen	properNoun	swe	Barkhausen	properNoun	nor
Barking	properNoun	swe	Barking	properNoun	nor
Barkleyberge	properNoun	swe	Barkleyfjella	properNoun	nor
Barlas Channel	properNoun	swe	Barlas Channel	properNoun	nor
Barletta	properNoun	swe	Barletta	properNoun	nor
Barley	properNoun	swe	Barley	properNoun	nor
Barlow Rocks	properNoun	swe	Barlow Rocks	properNoun	nor
Barnacle Valley	properNoun	swe	Barnacle Valley	properNoun	nor
Barnard Castle	properNoun	swe	Barnard Castle	properNoun	nor
Barnard	properNoun	swe	Barnard	properNoun	nor
Barnarp	properNoun	swe	Barnarp	properNoun	nor
Barnaul	properNoun	swe	Barnaul	properNoun	nor
Barneveld	properNoun	swe	Barneveld	properNoun	nor
Barnim	properNoun	swe	Barnim	properNoun	nor
Barnoldswick	properNoun	swe	Barnoldswick	properNoun	nor
Barnsjön	properNoun	swe	Barnsjön	properNoun	nor
Barnsley	properNoun	swe	Barnsley	properNoun	nor
Barnstable	properNoun	swe	Barnstable	properNoun	nor
Barnstaple	properNoun	swe	Barnstaple	properNoun	nor
Barnstorf	properNoun	swe	Barnstorf	properNoun	nor
Barntrup	properNoun	swe	Barntrup	properNoun	nor
Baroniet Rosendal	properNoun	swe	Baroniet Rosendal	properNoun	nor
Barquisimeto	properNoun	swe	Barquisimeto	properNoun	nor
Barr Smith	properNoun	swe	Barr Smith	properNoun	nor
Barra	properNoun	swe	Barra	properNoun	nor
Barracouta Ridge	properNoun	swe	Barracouta Ridge	properNoun	nor
Barranquilla	properNoun	swe	Barranquilla	properNoun	nor
Barreiro	properNoun	swe	Barreiro	properNoun	nor
Barrett Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Barrett Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Barrhorn	properNoun	swe	Barrhorn	properNoun	nor
Barrie	properNoun	swe	Barrie	properNoun	nor
Barrien	properNoun	swe	Barrien	properNoun	nor
Barsebäck	properNoun	swe	Barsebäck	properNoun	nor
Barsebäckshamn	properNoun	swe	Barsebäckshamn	properNoun	nor
Barsele	properNoun	swe	Barsele	properNoun	nor
Barsoum	properNoun	swe	Barsoum	properNoun	nor
Barssel	properNoun	swe	Barßel	properNoun	nor
Bartensleben	properNoun	swe	Bartensleben	properNoun	nor
Bartholomä	properNoun	swe	Bartholomä	properNoun	nor
Barton Mountains	properNoun	swe	Barton Mountains	properNoun	nor
Barton Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Barton Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Bartrum Plateau	properNoun	swe	Bartrum Plateau	properNoun	nor
Bartın	properNoun	swe	Bartın	properNoun	nor
Barum	properNoun	swe	Barum	properNoun	nor
Barwick Valley	properNoun	swe	Barwick Valley	properNoun	nor
Bárðarbunga	properNoun	swe	Bárðarbunga	properNoun	nor
Basecamp Valley	properNoun	swe	Basecamp Valley	properNoun	nor
Baseline Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Baseline Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Baseline Rock	properNoun	swe	Baseline Rock	properNoun	nor
Basford	properNoun	swe	Basford	properNoun	nor
Basildon	properNoun	swe	Basildon	properNoun	nor
Basilicata	properNoun	swe	Basilicata	properNoun	nor
Basilikan i Vézelay	properNoun	swe	Basilique Sainte-Marie-Madeleine de Vézelay	properNoun	nor
Basilisk Crag	properNoun	swe	Basilisk Crag	properNoun	nor
Basingstoke	properNoun	swe	Basingstoke	properNoun	nor
Baskarp	properNoun	swe	Baskarp	properNoun	nor
Baskemölla	properNoun	swe	Baskemölla	properNoun	nor
Baskuntjak	properNoun	swe	Baskuntsjak	properNoun	nor
Basra	properNoun	swe	Basra	properNoun	nor
Bassano del Grappa	properNoun	swe	Bassano del Grappa	properNoun	nor
Bassecourt	properNoun	swe	Bassecourt	properNoun	nor
Bassenheim	properNoun	swe	Bassenheim	properNoun	nor
Basseterre	properNoun	swe	Basseterre	properNoun	nor
Bassins	properNoun	swe	Bassins	properNoun	nor
Bassum	properNoun	swe	Bassum	properNoun	nor
Bastansjö	properNoun	swe	Bastansjö	properNoun	nor
Bastia	properNoun	swe	Bastia	properNoun	nor
Bastien Range	properNoun	swe	Bastien Range	properNoun	nor
Bastion Hill	properNoun	swe	Bastion Hill	properNoun	nor
Bastuträsk	properNoun	swe	Bastuträsk	properNoun	nor
Basòdino	properNoun	swe	Basòdino	properNoun	nor
Bat Yam	properNoun	swe	Bat Yam	properNoun	nor
Batajsk	properNoun	swe	Batajsk	properNoun	nor
Batak Point	properNoun	swe	Batak Point	properNoun	nor
Bath	properNoun	swe	Bath	properNoun	nor
Batley	properNoun	swe	Batley	properNoun	nor
Batman	properNoun	swe	Batman	properNoun	nor
Baton Rouge	properNoun	swe	Baton Rouge	properNoun	nor
Batroûmîne	properNoun	swe	Batroumine	properNoun	nor
Battenberg Hill	properNoun	swe	Battenberg Hill	properNoun	nor
Batterbee Mountains	properNoun	swe	Batterbee Mountains	properNoun	nor
Batterbee	properNoun	swe	Batterbee	properNoun	nor
Battlements Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Battlements Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Battleship Promontory	properNoun	swe	Battleship Promontory	properNoun	nor
Batuliya Point	properNoun	swe	Batuliya Point	properNoun	nor
Batumi	properNoun	swe	Batumi	properNoun	nor
Baturyn	properNoun	swe	Baturyn	properNoun	nor
Bau	properNoun	swe	Bau	properNoun	nor
Bauges	properNoun	swe	Bauges	properNoun	nor
Bauhaus	properNoun	swe	Bauhaus	properNoun	nor
Bauhs Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Bauhs Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Baum	properNoun	swe	Baum	properNoun	nor
Baumann Crag	properNoun	swe	Baumann Crag	properNoun	nor
Baumann Valley	properNoun	swe	Baumann Valley	properNoun	nor
Baumberg	properNoun	swe	Baumberg	properNoun	nor
Bauprés	properNoun	swe	Bauprés	properNoun	nor
Baur	properNoun	swe	Baur	properNoun	nor
Bawdsey	properNoun	swe	Bawdsey	properNoun	nor
Bawtry	properNoun	swe	Bawtry	properNoun	nor
Bay of Plenty	properNoun	swe	Bay of Plenty	properNoun	nor
Bayburt	properNoun	swe	Bayburt	properNoun	nor
Bayerischer Wald	properNoun	swe	Bayerischer Wald	properNoun	nor
Bayeux	properNoun	swe	Bayeux	properNoun	nor
Bayonne	properNoun	swe	Bayonne	properNoun	nor
Bazhong	properNoun	swe	Bazhong	properNoun	nor
Baïse	properNoun	swe	Baïse	properNoun	nor
Bcharré	properNoun	swe	Bsharri	properNoun	nor
Beachy Head	properNoun	swe	Beachy Head	properNoun	nor
Beacon Dome	properNoun	swe	Beacon Dome	properNoun	nor
Beacon Valley	properNoun	swe	Beacon Valley	properNoun	nor
Beaglekanalen	properNoun	swe	Beaglekanalen	properNoun	nor
Beaivváš Sámi Našunálateáhter	properNoun	swe	Beaivváš Sámi Našunálateáhter	properNoun	nor
Beaivváš Sámi Našunálateáhter	properNoun	swe	Beaivváš Sámi Teáhter	properNoun	nor
Beaminster	properNoun	swe	Beaminster	properNoun	nor
Bear Creek	properNoun	swe	Bear Creek	properNoun	nor
Bear Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Bear Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Bearahalvön	properNoun	swe	Bearahalvøya	properNoun	nor
Bearskin	properNoun	swe	Bearskin	properNoun	nor
Beatenberg	properNoun	swe	Beatenberg	properNoun	nor
Beauforthavet	properNoun	swe	Beauforthavet	properNoun	nor
Beaufoy Ridge	properNoun	swe	Beaufoy Ridge	properNoun	nor
Beaulieu	properNoun	swe	Beaulieu	properNoun	nor
Beaumont Skerries	properNoun	swe	Beaumont Skerries	properNoun	nor
Beaune	properNoun	swe	Beaune	properNoun	nor
Beaurevoir	properNoun	swe	Beaurevoir	properNoun	nor
Beauvais	properNoun	swe	Beauvais	properNoun	nor
Beauvallon	properNoun	swe	Beauvallon	properNoun	nor
Beaver Rocks	properNoun	swe	Beaver Rocks	properNoun	nor
Beavercreek	properNoun	swe	Beavercreek	properNoun	nor
Bebington	properNoun	swe	Bebington	properNoun	nor
Bebresh Point	properNoun	swe	Bebresh Point	properNoun	nor
Bec de la Montau	properNoun	swe	Bec de la Montau	properNoun	nor
Bec des Rosses	properNoun	swe	Bec des Rosses	properNoun	nor
Becca de Corbassière	properNoun	swe	Becca de Corbassière	properNoun	nor
Beccles	properNoun	swe	Beccles	properNoun	nor
Beche Blade	properNoun	swe	Beche Blade	properNoun	nor
Bechhofen	properNoun	swe	Bechhofen	properNoun	nor
Beckett Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Beckett Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Beckholmen	properNoun	swe	Beckholmen	properNoun	nor
Beckum	properNoun	swe	Beckum	properNoun	nor
Becs de Bosson	properNoun	swe	Becs de Bosson	properNoun	nor
Bedale	properNoun	swe	Bedale	properNoun	nor
Bedano	properNoun	swe	Bedano	properNoun	nor
Bedburg	properNoun	swe	Bedburg	properNoun	nor
Beddingestrand	properNoun	swe	Beddingestrand	properNoun	nor
Bedfordshire	properNoun	swe	Bedfordshire	properNoun	nor
Bedigliora	properNoun	swe	Bedigliora	properNoun	nor
Bedlington	properNoun	swe	Bedlington	properNoun	nor
Bedretto	properNoun	swe	Bedretto	properNoun	nor
Beeck	properNoun	swe	Beeck	properNoun	nor
Beelen	properNoun	swe	Beelen	properNoun	nor
Beelitz	properNoun	swe	Beelitz	properNoun	nor
Beeskow	properNoun	swe	Beeskow	properNoun	nor
Beeston Regis	properNoun	swe	Beeston Regis	properNoun	nor
Beetzsee	properNoun	swe	Beetzsee	properNoun	nor
Beeville	properNoun	swe	Beeville	properNoun	nor
Bega	properNoun	swe	Bega	properNoun	nor
Behrendorf	properNoun	swe	Behrendorf	properNoun	nor
Behrendt Mountains	properNoun	swe	Behrendt Mountains	properNoun	nor
Beidaihe	properNoun	swe	Beidaihe	properNoun	nor
Beihai	properNoun	swe	Beihai	properNoun	nor
Beilstein	properNoun	swe	Beilstein	properNoun	nor
Beinwil am See	properNoun	swe	Beinwil am See	properNoun	nor
Beinwil	properNoun	swe	Beinwil	properNoun	nor
Beisfjord	properNoun	swe	Beisfjord	properNoun	nor
Beisfjorden	properNoun	swe	Beisfjorden	properNoun	nor
Beiszer Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Beiszer Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Beit Hanun	properNoun	swe	Beit Hanoun	properNoun	nor
Beit Sahour	properNoun	swe	Beit Sahour	properNoun	nor
Beitstadfjorden	properNoun	swe	Beitstadfjorden	properNoun	nor
Bekaadalen	properNoun	swe	Bekaadalen	properNoun	nor
Bekker Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Bekker Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Bekkjarvik	properNoun	swe	Bekkjarvik	properNoun	nor
Bel Kamen	properNoun	swe	Bel Kamen	properNoun	nor
Belaja	properNoun	swe	Belaja	properNoun	nor
Belasco Theatre	properNoun	swe	Belasco Theatre	properNoun	nor
Belasica	properNoun	swe	Belasitsa	properNoun	nor
Belchin Rock	properNoun	swe	Belchin Rock	properNoun	nor
Bele Vode	properNoun	swe	Bele Vode	properNoun	nor
Belebej	properNoun	swe	Belebej	properNoun	nor
Belemnite Point	properNoun	swe	Belemnite Point	properNoun	nor
Belemnite Valley	properNoun	swe	Belemnite Valley	properNoun	nor
Belfaux	properNoun	swe	Belfaux	properNoun	nor
Belfiore	properNoun	swe	Belfiore	properNoun	nor
Belfort	properNoun	swe	Belfort	properNoun	nor
Belgentier	properNoun	swe	Belgentier	properNoun	nor
Belgiska Antarktisexpeditionen	properNoun	swe	Belgica-ekspedisjonen	properNoun	nor
Belgorod oblast	properNoun	swe	Belgorod oblast	properNoun	nor
Belgorod oblast	properNoun	swe	Belgorod	properNoun	nor
Belgorod	properNoun	swe	Belgorod	properNoun	nor
Belize City	properNoun	swe	Belize City	properNoun	nor
Belize	properNoun	swe	Belize	properNoun	nor
Belknap Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Belknap Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Belkovskijön	properNoun	swe	Belkovskijøya	properNoun	nor
Bella Lui	properNoun	swe	Bella Lui	properNoun	nor
Bella Tola	properNoun	swe	Bella Tola	properNoun	nor
Bellac	properNoun	swe	Bellac	properNoun	nor
Bellach	properNoun	swe	Bellach	properNoun	nor
Bellahøj	properNoun	swe	Bellahøj	properNoun	nor
Belle	properNoun	swe	Belle	properNoun	nor
Beller	properNoun	swe	Beller	properNoun	nor
Bellevue	properNoun	swe	Bellevue	properNoun	nor
Belley	properNoun	swe	Belley	properNoun	nor
Bellikon	properNoun	swe	Bellikon	properNoun	nor
Bellinghausen	properNoun	swe	Bellinghausen	properNoun	nor
Bellingshausen	properNoun	swe	Bellingshausen	properNoun	nor
Bellingshausenhavet	properNoun	swe	Bellingshausenhavet	properNoun	nor
Bellinzona	properNoun	swe	Bellinzona	properNoun	nor
Bellmund	properNoun	swe	Bellmund	properNoun	nor
Bellot	properNoun	swe	Bellot	properNoun	nor
Bellows	properNoun	swe	Bellows	properNoun	nor
Bellsund	properNoun	swe	Bellsund	properNoun	nor
Bellum Valley	properNoun	swe	Bellum Valley	properNoun	nor
Belluno	properNoun	swe	Belluno	properNoun	nor
Bellwood	properNoun	swe	Bellwood	properNoun	nor
Belm	properNoun	swe	Belm	properNoun	nor
Belmopan	properNoun	swe	Belmopan	properNoun	nor
Belogorsk	properNoun	swe	Belogorsk	properNoun	nor
Beloje ozero	properNoun	swe	Belojesjøen i Vologda oblast	properNoun	nor
Belomorsk	properNoun	swe	Belomorsk	properNoun	nor
Beloretsk	properNoun	swe	Beloretsk	properNoun	nor
Belousov Point	properNoun	swe	Belousov Point	properNoun	nor
Belovo	properNoun	swe	Belovo	properNoun	nor
Belozem Hill	properNoun	swe	Belozem Hill	properNoun	nor
Belozersk	properNoun	swe	Belozersk	properNoun	nor
Belp	properNoun	swe	Belp	properNoun	nor
Belper	properNoun	swe	Belper	properNoun	nor
Belprahon	properNoun	swe	Belprahon	properNoun	nor
Belucha	properNoun	swe	Belukha	properNoun	nor
Belum	properNoun	swe	Belum	properNoun	nor
Belyjön	properNoun	swe	Belyj	properNoun	nor
Belägringen av Fort William Henry	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Fort William Henry	properNoun	nor
Belägringen av Fort William Henry	properNoun	swe	beleiringen av Fort William Henry	properNoun	nor
Belägringen av Leningrad	properNoun	swe	Beleiringen av Leningrad	properNoun	nor
Belägringen av Leningrad	properNoun	swe	Kringsetjinga av Leningrad	properNoun	nor
Belägringen av Malta	properNoun	swe	Den store beleiringen av Malta	properNoun	nor
Belägringen av Malta	properNoun	swe	Omleiringa av Malta	properNoun	nor
Ben Gurions internationella flygplats	properNoun	swe	Ben Gurion internasjonale lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Ben Gurions internationella flygplats	properNoun	swe	Ben Gurion internasjonale lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Ben Macdui	properNoun	swe	Ben Macdhui	properNoun	nor
Ben Macdui	properNoun	swe	Ben Macdui	properNoun	nor
Ben Nevis	properNoun	swe	Ben Nevis	properNoun	nor
Benalmádena	properNoun	swe	Benalmádena	properNoun	nor
Benareby	properNoun	swe	Benareby	properNoun	nor
Benbecula	properNoun	swe	Benbecula	properNoun	nor
Bender Mountains	properNoun	swe	Bender Mountains	properNoun	nor
Bendorf	properNoun	swe	Bendorf	properNoun	nor
Bene Vagienna	properNoun	swe	Bene Vagienna	properNoun	nor
Benediktbeuern	properNoun	swe	Benediktbeuern	properNoun	nor
Benetice	properNoun	swe	Benetice	properNoun	nor
Benevento	properNoun	swe	Benevento	properNoun	nor
Bengalen	properNoun	swe	Bengal	properNoun	nor
Bengaliska viken	properNoun	swe	Bengalbukta	properNoun	nor
Bengbu	properNoun	swe	Bengbu	properNoun	nor
Bengeo	properNoun	swe	Bengeo	properNoun	nor
Benghazi	properNoun	swe	Benghazi	properNoun	nor
Bengtsfors kommun	properNoun	swe	Bengtsfors kommune	properNoun	nor
Bengtsfors	properNoun	swe	Bengtsfors	properNoun	nor
Bengtsheden	properNoun	swe	Bengtsheden	properNoun	nor
Bengtskär	properNoun	swe	Bengtskär	properNoun	nor
Benighted Pass	properNoun	swe	Benighted Pass	properNoun	nor
Benin	properNoun	swe	Benin	properNoun	nor
Benkert	properNoun	swe	Benkert	properNoun	nor
Benkovski Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Benkovski Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Benneckenstein	properNoun	swe	Benneckenstein	properNoun	nor
Bennett Dome	properNoun	swe	Bennett Dome	properNoun	nor
Bennett Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Bennett Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Bennett Platform	properNoun	swe	Bennett Platform	properNoun	nor
Bennett Saddle	properNoun	swe	Bennett Saddle	properNoun	nor
Bennett Spires	properNoun	swe	Bennett Spires	properNoun	nor
Bennettön	properNoun	swe	Bennettøya	properNoun	nor
Bennwil	properNoun	swe	Bennwil	properNoun	nor
Bensbyn	properNoun	swe	Bensbyn	properNoun	nor
Benson Hills	properNoun	swe	Benson Hills	properNoun	nor
Benteler	properNoun	swe	Benteler	properNoun	nor
Bentley Crag	properNoun	swe	Bentley Crag	properNoun	nor
Benxi	properNoun	swe	Benxi	properNoun	nor
Benz Pass	properNoun	swe	Benz Pass	properNoun	nor
Beogradska arena	properNoun	swe	Beograd Arena	properNoun	nor
Beogradska arena	properNoun	swe	Beogradska arena	properNoun	nor
Berchtesgaden	properNoun	swe	Berchtesgaden	properNoun	nor
Berditjev	properNoun	swe	Berdytsjiv	properNoun	nor
Berdjansk	properNoun	swe	Berdjansk	properNoun	nor
Berdsk	properNoun	swe	Berdsk	properNoun	nor
Berestetjko	properNoun	swe	Berestetsjko	properNoun	nor
Berezanj	properNoun	swe	Berezanøya	properNoun	nor
Berezina	properNoun	swe	Berezina	properNoun	nor
Berezivka	properNoun	swe	Berezivka	properNoun	nor
Berezjany	properNoun	swe	Berezjany	properNoun	nor
Bereznik	properNoun	swe	Bereznik	properNoun	nor
Berezniki	properNoun	swe	Berezniki	properNoun	nor
Berg Fidel	properNoun	swe	Berg Fidel	properNoun	nor
Berg Mountains	properNoun	swe	Berg Mountains	properNoun	nor
Berga	properNoun	swe	Berga	properNoun	nor
Bergagård	properNoun	swe	Bergagård	properNoun	nor
Bergamaskalperna	properNoun	swe	Bergamo-Alpene	properNoun	nor
Bergamaskalperna	properNoun	swe	Dei bergamaskiske Alpane	properNoun	nor
Bergamo	properNoun	swe	Bergamo	properNoun	nor
Bergan Castle	properNoun	swe	Bergan Castle	properNoun	nor
Bergby	properNoun	swe	Bergby	properNoun	nor
Bergdietikon	properNoun	swe	Bergdietikon	properNoun	nor
Bergeforsen	properNoun	swe	Bergeforsen	properNoun	nor
Bergel Rock	properNoun	swe	Bergel Rock	properNoun	nor
Bergen Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Bergen Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Bergen an der Dumme	properNoun	swe	Bergen an der Dumme	properNoun	nor
Bergen auf Rügen	properNoun	swe	Bergen auf Rügen	properNoun	nor
Bergen flygplats	properNoun	swe	Bergen lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Bergen flygplats	properNoun	swe	Bergen lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Bergen kunstmuseum	properNoun	swe	Bergen kunstmuseum	properNoun	nor
Bergen op Zoom	properNoun	swe	Bergen op Zoom	properNoun	nor
Bergen rådhus	properNoun	swe	Bergen rådhus	properNoun	nor
Bergen	properNoun	swe	Bochum-Bergen	properNoun	nor
Bergenfield	properNoun	swe	Bergenfield	properNoun	nor
Bergenhus	properNoun	swe	Bergenhus	properNoun	nor
Bergens Kreditbank	properNoun	swe	Bergens Kreditbank	properNoun	nor
Bergens Tidende	properNoun	swe	Bergens Tidende	properNoun	nor
Bergens domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Bergen domkirke	properNoun	nor
Bergens domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Bergen domkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Bergens spårvägar	properNoun	swe	Bybanen i Bergen	properNoun	nor
Bergensavisen	properNoun	swe	Bergensavisen	properNoun	nor
Bergerac	properNoun	swe	Bergerac	properNoun	nor
Berghausen	properNoun	swe	Berghausen	properNoun	nor
Berghem	properNoun	swe	Berghem	properNoun	nor
Berghof	properNoun	swe	Berghof	properNoun	nor
Berghäll	properNoun	swe	Berghäll	properNoun	nor
Bergisch Gladbach	properNoun	swe	Bergisch Gladbach	properNoun	nor
Bergisch Neukirchen	properNoun	swe	Bergisch Neukirchen	properNoun	nor
Bergkamen	properNoun	swe	Bergkamen	properNoun	nor
Bergkvara	properNoun	swe	Bergkvara	properNoun	nor
Berglen	properNoun	swe	Berglen	properNoun	nor
Bergneustadt	properNoun	swe	Bergneustadt	properNoun	nor
Bergnäset	properNoun	swe	Bergnäset	properNoun	nor
Bergs kommun	properNoun	swe	Berg kommune	properNoun	nor
Bergsbyn	properNoun	swe	Bergsbyn	properNoun	nor
Bergshammar	properNoun	swe	Bergshammar	properNoun	nor
Bergshamra	properNoun	swe	Bergshamra	properNoun	nor
Bergsjö	properNoun	swe	Bergsjö	properNoun	nor
Bergslagen	properNoun	swe	Bergslagen	properNoun	nor
Bergspass	properNoun	swe	Fjellovergang	properNoun	nor
Bergspass	properNoun	swe	Fjellpass	properNoun	nor
Bergsstaden Røros	properNoun	swe	Bergstaden Røros	properNoun	nor
Bergstadt	properNoun	swe	Bergstadt	properNoun	nor
Bergsvatnet	properNoun	swe	Bergsvatnet	properNoun	nor
Bergsviken	properNoun	swe	Bergsviken	properNoun	nor
Bergsäng	properNoun	swe	Bergsäng	properNoun	nor
Bergues	properNoun	swe	Bergues	properNoun	nor
Bergvattnet	properNoun	swe	Bergvattnet	properNoun	nor
Bergvik	properNoun	swe	Bergvik	properNoun	nor
Berikon	properNoun	swe	Berikon	properNoun	nor
Bering Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Bering Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Beringhavet	properNoun	swe	Beringhavet	properNoun	nor
Berings hav	properNoun	swe	Beringhavet	properNoun	nor
Beringstredet	properNoun	swe	Beringstredet	properNoun	nor
Berings sund	properNoun	swe	Beringstredet	properNoun	nor
Beringsundet	properNoun	swe	Beringsundet	properNoun	nor
Berings sund	properNoun	swe	Beringsundet	properNoun	nor
Berings ö	properNoun	swe	Beringøya	properNoun	nor
Berjozovskij	properNoun	swe	Berjozovskij	properNoun	nor
Berk	properNoun	swe	Berk	properNoun	nor
Berken	properNoun	swe	Berken	properNoun	nor
Berkheim	properNoun	swe	Berkheim	properNoun	nor
Berkshire	properNoun	swe	Berkshire	properNoun	nor
Berlebeck	properNoun	swe	Berlebeck	properNoun	nor
Berlengas	properNoun	swe	Berlengas	properNoun	nor
Berlevåg flygplats	properNoun	swe	Berlevåg lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Berlevåg flygplats	properNoun	swe	Berlevåg lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Berliner Ensemble	properNoun	swe	Berliner Ensemble	properNoun	nor
Berlingske Media	properNoun	swe	Berlingske Media	properNoun	nor
Berlingske Media	properNoun	swe	Det Berlingske Officin	properNoun	nor
Berlins Olympiastadion	properNoun	swe	Olympiastadion i Berlin	properNoun	nor
Bermel Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Bermel Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Bernal	properNoun	swe	Bernal	properNoun	nor
Bernalperna	properNoun	swe	Bern-Alpane	properNoun	nor
Bernalperna	properNoun	swe	Bern-Alpene	properNoun	nor
Bernau bei Berlin	properNoun	swe	Bernau bei Berlin	properNoun	nor
Berne	properNoun	swe	Berne	properNoun	nor
Berner Oberland	properNoun	swe	Berner Oberland	properNoun	nor
Bernex	properNoun	swe	Bernex	properNoun	nor
Bernhardi Heights	properNoun	swe	Bernhardi Heights	properNoun	nor
Bernina	properNoun	swe	Bernina	properNoun	nor
Berninamassivet	properNoun	swe	Bernina-Alpene	properNoun	nor
Berninamassivet	properNoun	swe	Berninafjella	properNoun	nor
Bernissart	properNoun	swe	Bernissart	properNoun	nor
Bernitt	properNoun	swe	Bernitt	properNoun	nor
Bernsdorf	properNoun	swe	Bernsdorf	properNoun	nor
Bernstadt	properNoun	swe	Bernstadt	properNoun	nor
Beroe Hill	properNoun	swe	Beroe Hill	properNoun	nor
Berolle	properNoun	swe	Berolle	properNoun	nor
Beromünster	properNoun	swe	Beromünster	properNoun	nor
Beron Point	properNoun	swe	Beron Point	properNoun	nor
Berounka	properNoun	swe	Berounka	properNoun	nor
Berquist Ridge	properNoun	swe	Berquist Ridge	properNoun	nor
Berrodden	properNoun	swe	Berrodden	properNoun	nor
Berry Massif	properNoun	swe	Berry Massif	properNoun	nor
Bertrab Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Bertrab Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Berwyn	properNoun	swe	Berwyn	properNoun	nor
Beryslav	properNoun	swe	Beryslav	properNoun	nor
Berzelius	properNoun	swe	Berzelius	properNoun	nor
Besapara Hill	properNoun	swe	Besapara Hill	properNoun	nor
Besch	properNoun	swe	Besch	properNoun	nor
Besenbüren	properNoun	swe	Besenbüren	properNoun	nor
Besigheim	properNoun	swe	Besigheim	properNoun	nor
Bešište	properNoun	swe	Bešište	properNoun	nor
Beskiderna	properNoun	swe	Beskidane	properNoun	nor
Beskiderna	properNoun	swe	Beskidene	properNoun	nor
Beslan	properNoun	swe	Beslan	properNoun	nor
Bessarabien	properNoun	swe	Bessarabia	properNoun	nor
Bessinger Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Bessinger Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Bessvatnet	properNoun	swe	Bessvatnet	properNoun	nor
Bestorp	properNoun	swe	Bestorp	properNoun	nor
Bestwig	properNoun	swe	Bestwig	properNoun	nor
Besòs	properNoun	swe	Besòs	properNoun	nor
Bet Shemesh	properNoun	swe	Beit Shemesh	properNoun	nor
Betechtinkjeda	properNoun	swe	Betechtinkjeda	properNoun	nor
Betiska kordilleran	properNoun	swe	Cordilleras Béticas	properNoun	nor
Betlehem	properNoun	swe	Betlehem	properNoun	nor
Betong	properNoun	swe	Betong	properNoun	nor
Betsede	properNoun	swe	Betsede	properNoun	nor
Betsele	properNoun	swe	Betsele	properNoun	nor
Bettenfeld	properNoun	swe	Bettenfeld	properNoun	nor
Bettenhausen	properNoun	swe	Bettenhausen	properNoun	nor
Bettingen	properNoun	swe	Bettingen	properNoun	nor
Bettmeralp	properNoun	swe	Bettmeralp	properNoun	nor
Bettmerhorn	properNoun	swe	Bettmerhorn	properNoun	nor
Bettna	properNoun	swe	Bettna	properNoun	nor
Bettwiesen	properNoun	swe	Bettwiesen	properNoun	nor
Bettwil	properNoun	swe	Bettwil	properNoun	nor
Beurnevésin	properNoun	swe	Beurnevésin	properNoun	nor
Beuron	properNoun	swe	Beuron	properNoun	nor
Bevaix	properNoun	swe	Bevaix	properNoun	nor
Bever	properNoun	swe	Bever	properNoun	nor
Bevergern	properNoun	swe	Bevergern	properNoun	nor
Beverley	properNoun	swe	Beverley	properNoun	nor
Beverly Hills High School	properNoun	swe	Beverly Hills High School	properNoun	nor
Beverly Hills	properNoun	swe	Beverly Hills	properNoun	nor
Bevern	properNoun	swe	Bevern	properNoun	nor
Beverstedt	properNoun	swe	Beverstedt	properNoun	nor
Beverungen	properNoun	swe	Beverungen	properNoun	nor
Bewdley	properNoun	swe	Bewdley	properNoun	nor
Bewsher	properNoun	swe	Bewsher	properNoun	nor
Bex	properNoun	swe	Bex	properNoun	nor
Bexbach	properNoun	swe	Bexbach	properNoun	nor
Beyl Head	properNoun	swe	Beyl Head	properNoun	nor
Beyoğlu	properNoun	swe	Beyoğlu	properNoun	nor
Beyssac	properNoun	swe	Beyssac	properNoun	nor
Bezmer Point	properNoun	swe	Bezmer Point	properNoun	nor
Bharatistationen	properNoun	swe	Bharathi-basen	properNoun	nor
Bhimbetka	properNoun	swe	Bhimbetka	properNoun	nor
Biafra	properNoun	swe	Biafra	properNoun	nor
Bialowiezaskogen	properNoun	swe	Białowieżaskogen	properNoun	nor
Biancavilla	properNoun	swe	Biancavilla	properNoun	nor
Biała	properNoun	swe	Biała	properNoun	nor
Białystok	properNoun	swe	Białystok	properNoun	nor
Bibby Point	properNoun	swe	Bibby Point	properNoun	nor
Biber	properNoun	swe	Biber	properNoun	nor
Biberach an der Riss	properNoun	swe	Biberach an der Riß	properNoun	nor
Biberach an der Riss	properNoun	swe	Biberach	properNoun	nor
Biberach	properNoun	swe	Biberach	properNoun	nor
Biberstein	properNoun	swe	Biberstein	properNoun	nor
Bibione	properNoun	swe	Bibione	properNoun	nor
Bible Lands Museum	properNoun	swe	Bible Lands Museum	properNoun	nor
Biblioteket i Alexandria	properNoun	swe	Biblioteket i Alexandria	properNoun	nor
Bibra Valley	properNoun	swe	Bibra Valley	properNoun	nor
Bicester	properNoun	swe	Bicester	properNoun	nor
Bich	properNoun	swe	Bich	properNoun	nor
Bickenbach	properNoun	swe	Bickenbach	properNoun	nor
Bidasoa	properNoun	swe	Bidasoa	properNoun	nor
Biddulph	properNoun	swe	Biddulph	properNoun	nor
Bideford	properNoun	swe	Bideford	properNoun	nor
Bieberstein	properNoun	swe	Bieberstein	properNoun	nor
Biegen	properNoun	swe	Biegen	properNoun	nor
Biella	properNoun	swe	Biella	properNoun	nor
Bielsjön	properNoun	swe	Bielsjøen	properNoun	nor
Bielstein	properNoun	swe	Bielstein	properNoun	nor
Bienen	properNoun	swe	Bienen	properNoun	nor
Bienenbüttel	properNoun	swe	Bienenbüttel	properNoun	nor
Bier Point	properNoun	swe	Bier Point	properNoun	nor
Bierde	properNoun	swe	Bierde	properNoun	nor
Bierle	properNoun	swe	Bierle	properNoun	nor
Bies	properNoun	swe	Bies	properNoun	nor
Biesenbach	properNoun	swe	Biesenbach	properNoun	nor
Biesenthal	properNoun	swe	Biesenthal	properNoun	nor
Biesterfeld	properNoun	swe	Biesterfeld	properNoun	nor
Bietschhorn	properNoun	swe	Bietschhorn	properNoun	nor
Biezwil	properNoun	swe	Biezwil	properNoun	nor
Biferno	properNoun	swe	Biferno	properNoun	nor
Bifertenstock	properNoun	swe	Bifertenstock	properNoun	nor
Big Ben	properNoun	swe	Big Ben	properNoun	nor
Bigelow Rock	properNoun	swe	Bigelow Rock	properNoun	nor
Bigend Saddle	properNoun	swe	Bigend Saddle	properNoun	nor
Biggar	properNoun	swe	Biggar	properNoun	nor
Biggleswade	properNoun	swe	Biggleswade	properNoun	nor
Biglen	properNoun	swe	Biglen	properNoun	nor
Bigler Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Bigler Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Bihar Sharif	properNoun	swe	Bihar Sharif	properNoun	nor
Bihar	properNoun	swe	Bihar	properNoun	nor
Bihor	properNoun	swe	Bihor	properNoun	nor
Bihorbergen	properNoun	swe	Bihorfjella	properNoun	nor
Bijagosöarna	properNoun	swe	Bijagós-øyane	properNoun	nor
Bijeljina	properNoun	swe	Bijeljina	properNoun	nor
Bijelo Polje	properNoun	swe	Bijelo Polje	properNoun	nor
Bijie	properNoun	swe	Bijie	properNoun	nor
Bijou Theatre	properNoun	swe	Bijou Theatre	properNoun	nor
Bijsk	properNoun	swe	Bijsk	properNoun	nor
Bikfaïya	properNoun	swe	Bikfaya	properNoun	nor
Bikiniatollen	properNoun	swe	Bikiniatollen	properNoun	nor
Bila Tserkva	properNoun	swe	Bila Tserkva	properNoun	nor
Bilecik	properNoun	swe	Bilecik	properNoun	nor
Bilibino	properNoun	swe	Bilibino	properNoun	nor
Bilk	properNoun	swe	Bilk	properNoun	nor
Billdal	properNoun	swe	Billdal	properNoun	nor
Bille	properNoun	swe	Bille	properNoun	nor
Billeberga	properNoun	swe	Billeberga	properNoun	nor
Billefjorden	properNoun	swe	Billefjorden	properNoun	nor
Billerbeck	properNoun	swe	Billerbeck	properNoun	nor
Billericay	properNoun	swe	Billericay	properNoun	nor
Billesholm	properNoun	swe	Billesholm	properNoun	nor
Billie Rocks	properNoun	swe	Billie Rocks	properNoun	nor
Billinge	properNoun	swe	Billinge	properNoun	nor
Billingen	properNoun	swe	Billingen	properNoun	nor
Billingsfors	properNoun	swe	Billingsfors	properNoun	nor
Billom	properNoun	swe	Billom	properNoun	nor
Billsta	properNoun	swe	Billsta	properNoun	nor
Billunds kommun	properNoun	swe	Billund kommune	properNoun	nor
Bilohirsk	properNoun	swe	Bilohirsk	properNoun	nor
Bilopillja	properNoun	swe	Bilopillja	properNoun	nor
Bilstein	properNoun	swe	Bilstein	properNoun	nor
Bilston	properNoun	swe	Bilston	properNoun	nor
Bilyar Point	properNoun	swe	Bilyar Point	properNoun	nor
Bindel	properNoun	swe	Bindel	properNoun	nor
Binder Rocks	properNoun	swe	Binder Rocks	properNoun	nor
Binders Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Binders Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Bingen am Rhein	properNoun	swe	Bingen am Rhein	properNoun	nor
Bingham	properNoun	swe	Bingham	properNoun	nor
Binghamton	properNoun	swe	Binghamton	properNoun	nor
Bingley	properNoun	swe	Bingley	properNoun	nor
Bingöl	properNoun	swe	Bingöl	properNoun	nor
Binn	properNoun	swe	Binn	properNoun	nor
Binnenalster	properNoun	swe	Binnenalster	properNoun	nor
Binningen	properNoun	swe	Binningen	properNoun	nor
Binnish	properNoun	swe	Binnish	properNoun	nor
Bintulu	properNoun	swe	Bintulu	properNoun	nor
Binzhou	properNoun	swe	Binzhou	properNoun	nor
Bioggio	properNoun	swe	Bioggio	properNoun	nor
Biokovo	properNoun	swe	Biokovo	properNoun	nor
Bippen	properNoun	swe	Bippen	properNoun	nor
Bird Saddle	properNoun	swe	Bird Saddle	properNoun	nor
Birdwell Point	properNoun	swe	Birdwell Point	properNoun	nor
Birgisch	properNoun	swe	Birgisch	properNoun	nor
Birjusa	properNoun	swe	Birjusa	properNoun	nor
Birjusinsk	properNoun	swe	Birjusinsk	properNoun	nor
Birken	properNoun	swe	Birken	properNoun	nor
Birkenfeld	properNoun	swe	Birkenfeld	properNoun	nor
Birkenhead	properNoun	swe	Birkenhead	properNoun	nor
Birkhahn	properNoun	swe	Birkhahn	properNoun	nor
Birkirkara	properNoun	swe	Birkirkara	properNoun	nor
Birkkarspitze	properNoun	swe	Birkkarspitze	properNoun	nor
Birks	properNoun	swe	Birks	properNoun	nor
Birlenbach	properNoun	swe	Birlenbach	properNoun	nor
Birmenstorf	properNoun	swe	Birmenstorf	properNoun	nor
Birnbaum	properNoun	swe	Birnbaum	properNoun	nor
Birobidzjan	properNoun	swe	Birobidzjan	properNoun	nor
Birr	properNoun	swe	Birr AG	properNoun	nor
Birr	properNoun	swe	Birr	properNoun	nor
Birrhard	properNoun	swe	Birrhard	properNoun	nor
Birrwil	properNoun	swe	Birrwil	properNoun	nor
Birs	properNoun	swe	Birs	properNoun	nor
Birsfelden	properNoun	swe	Birsfelden	properNoun	nor
Birten	properNoun	swe	Birten	properNoun	nor
Birthday Point	properNoun	swe	Birthday Point	properNoun	nor
Birwinken	properNoun	swe	Birwinken	properNoun	nor
Biscaya	properNoun	swe	Bizkaia	properNoun	nor
Biscayabukten	properNoun	swe	Biscayabukta	properNoun	nor
Biscayabukten	properNoun	swe	Biscayabukten	properNoun	nor
Bisceglie	properNoun	swe	Bisceglie	properNoun	nor
Bischheim	properNoun	swe	Bischheim	properNoun	nor
Bischofshofen	properNoun	swe	Bischofshofen	properNoun	nor
Biševo	properNoun	swe	Biševo	properNoun	nor
Bishop Auckland	properNoun	swe	Bishop Auckland	properNoun	nor
Bishorn	properNoun	swe	Bishorn	properNoun	nor
Bisjkek	properNoun	swe	Bisjkek	properNoun	nor
Biskopskulla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Biskopskulla kyrka	properNoun	nor
Bislett stadion	properNoun	swe	Bislett stadion	properNoun	nor
Bismarckbergen	properNoun	swe	Bismarckfjella	properNoun	nor
Bismarckstraße	properNoun	swe	Bismarckstraße	properNoun	nor
Bispgården	properNoun	swe	Bispgården	properNoun	nor
Bisping	properNoun	swe	Bisping	properNoun	nor
Bissen	properNoun	swe	Bissen	properNoun	nor
Bissone	properNoun	swe	Bissone	properNoun	nor
Bistra	properNoun	swe	Bistra	properNoun	nor
Bitgood	properNoun	swe	Bitgood	properNoun	nor
Bithynien	properNoun	swe	Bithynia	properNoun	nor
Bithynien	properNoun	swe	Bitynia	properNoun	nor
Bitlis	properNoun	swe	Bitlis	properNoun	nor
Bitola	properNoun	swe	Bitola	properNoun	nor
Bitonto	properNoun	swe	Bitonto	properNoun	nor
Bitz	properNoun	swe	Bitz	properNoun	nor
Bivio	properNoun	swe	Bivio	properNoun	nor
Bizeux	properNoun	swe	Bizeux	properNoun	nor
Bjaaland	properNoun	swe	Bjaaland	properNoun	nor
Bjarkøy kommun	properNoun	swe	Bjarkøy kommune	properNoun	nor
Bjarkøy kommun	properNoun	swe	Bjarkøy	properNoun	nor
Bjarkøyförbindelsen	properNoun	swe	Bjarkøyforbindelsen	properNoun	nor
Bjarkøyförbindelsen	properNoun	swe	Bjarkøysambandet	properNoun	nor
Bjarnarey	properNoun	swe	Bjarnarey	properNoun	nor
Bjelašnica	properNoun	swe	Bjelašnica	properNoun	nor
Bjelovar	properNoun	swe	Bjelovar	properNoun	nor
Bjerkenuten	properNoun	swe	Bjerkenuten	properNoun	nor
Bjerkvik	properNoun	swe	Bjerkvik	properNoun	nor
Bjerringbro	properNoun	swe	Bjerringbro	properNoun	nor
Bjurholm	properNoun	swe	Bjurholm	properNoun	nor
Bjurholms kommun	properNoun	swe	Bjurholm kommune	properNoun	nor
Bjursås	properNoun	swe	Bjursås	properNoun	nor
Bjurälven	properNoun	swe	Bjurälven	properNoun	nor
Bjuv	properNoun	swe	Bjuv	properNoun	nor
Bjuvs kommun	properNoun	swe	Bjuv kommune	properNoun	nor
Bjäresjö	properNoun	swe	Bjäresjö	properNoun	nor
Bjärnum	properNoun	swe	Bjärnum	properNoun	nor
Bjärred	properNoun	swe	Bjärred	properNoun	nor
Bjärsjölagård	properNoun	swe	Bjärsjölagård	properNoun	nor
Bjästa	properNoun	swe	Bjästa	properNoun	nor
Björbo	properNoun	swe	Björbo	properNoun	nor
Björboholm	properNoun	swe	Björboholm	properNoun	nor
Björke	properNoun	swe	Björke	properNoun	nor
Björkesåkrasjön	properNoun	swe	Björkesåkra-sjøen	properNoun	nor
Björkesåkrasjön	properNoun	swe	Björkesåkrasjön	properNoun	nor
Björketorp	properNoun	swe	Björketorp	properNoun	nor
Björklinge	properNoun	swe	Björklinge	properNoun	nor
Björksele	properNoun	swe	Björksele	properNoun	nor
Björksta	properNoun	swe	Björksta	properNoun	nor
Björkvattnet	properNoun	swe	Björkvattnet	properNoun	nor
Björkvik	properNoun	swe	Björkvik	properNoun	nor
Björkviken	properNoun	swe	Björkviken	properNoun	nor
Björköby	properNoun	swe	Björköby	properNoun	nor
Björlanda	properNoun	swe	Björlanda	properNoun	nor
Björna	properNoun	swe	Björna	properNoun	nor
Björneborg	properNoun	swe	Björneborg	properNoun	nor
Björnlunda	properNoun	swe	Björnlunda	properNoun	nor
Björnö	properNoun	swe	Björnö	properNoun	nor
Björnömalmen och Klacknäset	properNoun	swe	Björnömalmen och Klacknäset	properNoun	nor
Björnön	properNoun	swe	Bjørnøya	properNoun	nor
Björsäter	properNoun	swe	Björsäter	properNoun	nor
Bjørnskinns kyrka	properNoun	swe	Bjørnskinn kirke	properNoun	nor
Bjørnskinns kyrka	properNoun	swe	Bjørnskinn kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Bjørvika	properNoun	swe	Bjørvika	properNoun	nor
Blaafarveværket	properNoun	swe	Blaafarveværket	properNoun	nor
Black Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Black Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Black Pass	properNoun	swe	Black Pass	properNoun	nor
Black River	properNoun	swe	Black River	properNoun	nor
Blackburn Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Blackburn Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Blackrock Head	properNoun	swe	Blackrock Head	properNoun	nor
Blacksand Beach	properNoun	swe	Blacksand Beach	properNoun	nor
Blackwall Mountains	properNoun	swe	Blackwall Mountains	properNoun	nor
Blackwelder	properNoun	swe	Blackwelder	properNoun	nor
Blackälven	properNoun	swe	Blackälven	properNoun	nor
Blade Ridge	properNoun	swe	Blade Ridge	properNoun	nor
Blaenau Gwent	properNoun	swe	Blaenau Gwent	properNoun	nor
Blagovesjtjensk	properNoun	swe	Blagovesjtsjensk	properNoun	nor
Blake Massif	properNoun	swe	Blake Massif	properNoun	nor
Blake Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Blake Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Blanc de Moming	properNoun	swe	Blanc de Moming	properNoun	nor
Blanchard Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Blanchard Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Blancmange Hill	properNoun	swe	Blancmange Hill	properNoun	nor
Blanda	properNoun	swe	Blanda	properNoun	nor
Blandford Forum	properNoun	swe	Blandford Forum	properNoun	nor
Blankenau	properNoun	swe	Blankenau	properNoun	nor
Blankenburg	properNoun	swe	Blankenburg	properNoun	nor
Blankenhagen	properNoun	swe	Blankenhagen	properNoun	nor
Blankenheim	properNoun	swe	Blankenheim	properNoun	nor
Blankenstein	properNoun	swe	Blankenstein	properNoun	nor
Blattnicksele	properNoun	swe	Blattnicksele	properNoun	nor
Blau	properNoun	swe	Blau	properNoun	nor
Blaubeuren	properNoun	swe	Blaubeuren	properNoun	nor
Blauen	properNoun	swe	Blauen	properNoun	nor
Blaufelden	properNoun	swe	Blaufelden	properNoun	nor
Blausee	properNoun	swe	Blausee	properNoun	nor
Blaustein	properNoun	swe	Blaustein	properNoun	nor
Blauwbrug	properNoun	swe	Blauwbrug	properNoun	nor
Blaye	properNoun	swe	Blaye	properNoun	nor
Bledsjön	properNoun	swe	Bledsjøen	properNoun	nor
Blegdamsvej	properNoun	swe	Blegdamsvej	properNoun	nor
Bleienbach	properNoun	swe	Bleienbach	properNoun	nor
Bleiken bei Oberdiessbach	properNoun	swe	Bleiken bei Oberdiessbach	properNoun	nor
Bleket	properNoun	swe	Bleket	properNoun	nor
Blekinge län	properNoun	swe	Blekinge län	properNoun	nor
Blekinge	properNoun	swe	Blekinge	properNoun	nor
Blender	properNoun	swe	Blender	properNoun	nor
Blenheim Palace	properNoun	swe	Blenheim Palace	properNoun	nor
Blentarp	properNoun	swe	Blentarp	properNoun	nor
Blick	properNoun	swe	Blick	properNoun	nor
Blickling Hall	properNoun	swe	Blickling Hall	properNoun	nor
Blidsberg	properNoun	swe	Blidsberg	properNoun	nor
Blidö	properNoun	swe	Blidö	properNoun	nor
Blies	properNoun	swe	Blies	properNoun	nor
Bliesheim	properNoun	swe	Bliesheim	properNoun	nor
Blieskastel	properNoun	swe	Blieskastel	properNoun	nor
Blikstorp	properNoun	swe	Blikstorp	properNoun	nor
Blitzingen	properNoun	swe	Blitzingen	properNoun	nor
Blockhaus	properNoun	swe	Blockhaus	properNoun	nor
Blodiga söndagen	properNoun	swe	Den blodige sundagen i Derry	properNoun	nor
Bloemfontein	properNoun	swe	Bloemfontein	properNoun	nor
Blois	properNoun	swe	Blois	properNoun	nor
Blombach	properNoun	swe	Blombach	properNoun	nor
Blombacka	properNoun	swe	Blombacka	properNoun	nor
Blomstermåla	properNoun	swe	Blomstermåla	properNoun	nor
Bloomington	properNoun	swe	Bloomington	properNoun	nor
Bloor Passage	properNoun	swe	Bloor Passage	properNoun	nor
Blowaway	properNoun	swe	Blowaway	properNoun	nor
Blubaugh Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Blubaugh Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Blue Ridge Mountains	properNoun	swe	Blue Ridge Mountains	properNoun	nor
Blue Ridge	properNoun	swe	Blue Ridge	properNoun	nor
Blumenau	properNoun	swe	Blumenau	properNoun	nor
Blumenfeld	properNoun	swe	Blumenfeld	properNoun	nor
Blumenstein	properNoun	swe	Blumenstein	properNoun	nor
Blumenthal	properNoun	swe	Blumenthal	properNoun	nor
Blyth	properNoun	swe	Blyth	properNoun	nor
Blå Jungfrun	properNoun	swe	Blå Jungfrun	properNoun	nor
Blå lagunen	properNoun	swe	Den blå laguna	properNoun	nor
Blå lagunen	properNoun	swe	Den blå lagune	properNoun	nor
Blånabbane	properNoun	swe	Blånabbane	properNoun	nor
Blåskimen	properNoun	swe	Blåskimen	properNoun	nor
Blåsmark	properNoun	swe	Blåsmark	properNoun	nor
Blåviksjön och Söderfors	properNoun	swe	Blåviksjön och Söderfors	properNoun	nor
Blöndulón	properNoun	swe	Blöndulón	properNoun	nor
Blötberget	properNoun	swe	Blötberget	properNoun	nor
Blüemlisalp	properNoun	swe	Blüemlisalp	properNoun	nor
Blümcke Knoll	properNoun	swe	Blümcke Knoll	properNoun	nor
Blăgeşti	properNoun	swe	Blăgeşti	properNoun	nor
Bnei Brak	properNoun	swe	Bnei Brak	properNoun	nor
Boa Vista	properNoun	swe	Boa Vista	properNoun	nor
Bobigny	properNoun	swe	Bobigny	properNoun	nor
Bobotov Kuk	properNoun	swe	Bobotov Kuk	properNoun	nor
Bobrynets	properNoun	swe	Bobrynets	properNoun	nor
Boca da Mata	properNoun	swe	Boca da Mata	properNoun	nor
Bocas del Toro	properNoun	swe	Bocas del Toro	properNoun	nor
Bochotnica	properNoun	swe	Bochotnica	properNoun	nor
Bockara	properNoun	swe	Bockara	properNoun	nor
Bockberg	properNoun	swe	Bockberg	properNoun	nor
Bockheim	properNoun	swe	Bockheim	properNoun	nor
Bockhorn	properNoun	swe	Bockhorn	properNoun	nor
Bockhorst	properNoun	swe	Bockhorst	properNoun	nor
Bockshorn	properNoun	swe	Bockshorn	properNoun	nor
Bocktenhorn	properNoun	swe	Bocktenhorn	properNoun	nor
Bockum	properNoun	swe	Bockum	properNoun	nor
Boda glasbruk	properNoun	swe	Boda glasbruk	properNoun	nor
Boda	properNoun	swe	Boda	properNoun	nor
Bodafors	properNoun	swe	Bodafors	properNoun	nor
Bodarna	properNoun	swe	Bodarna	properNoun	nor
Bode Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Bode Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Bode	properNoun	swe	Bode	properNoun	nor
Bodelschwingh	properNoun	swe	Bodelschwingh	properNoun	nor
Boden	properNoun	swe	Boden	properNoun	nor
Bodens kommun	properNoun	swe	Boden kommune	properNoun	nor
Bodensjön	properNoun	swe	Bodensjøen	properNoun	nor
Bodenwerder	properNoun	swe	Bodenwerder	properNoun	nor
Bodin kirke	properNoun	swe	Bodin kirke	properNoun	nor
Bodin kirke	properNoun	swe	Bodin kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Bodman	properNoun	swe	Bodman	properNoun	nor
Bodmin	properNoun	swe	Bodmin	properNoun	nor
Bodom träsk	properNoun	swe	Bodomsjøen	properNoun	nor
Bodrog	properNoun	swe	Bodrog	properNoun	nor
Bodträskfors	properNoun	swe	Bodträskfors	properNoun	nor
Bodträskån	properNoun	swe	Bodträskån	properNoun	nor
Bodziony	properNoun	swe	Bodziony	properNoun	nor
Bodø domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Bodø domkirke	properNoun	nor
Bodø domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Bodø domkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Bodø flygplats	properNoun	swe	Bodø lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Bodø flygplats	properNoun	swe	Bodø lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Boennighausen	properNoun	swe	Boennighausen	properNoun	nor
Bofflens	properNoun	swe	Bofflens	properNoun	nor
Bogdan Ridge	properNoun	swe	Bogdan Ridge	properNoun	nor
Bogdanovitj	properNoun	swe	Bogdanovitsj	properNoun	nor
Boggs Valley	properNoun	swe	Boggs Valley	properNoun	nor
Bognor Regis	properNoun	swe	Bognor Regis	properNoun	nor
Bogotá	properNoun	swe	Bogotá	properNoun	nor
Bograngen	properNoun	swe	Bograngen	properNoun	nor
Bogstadvannet	properNoun	swe	Bogstadvannet	properNoun	nor
Bogø	properNoun	swe	Bogø	properNoun	nor
Bohai	properNoun	swe	Bo Hai	properNoun	nor
Bohai	properNoun	swe	Bohai	properNoun	nor
Bohl	properNoun	swe	Bohl	properNoun	nor
Bohlscheid	properNoun	swe	Bohlscheid	properNoun	nor
Bohmte	properNoun	swe	Bohmte	properNoun	nor
Bohner Stream	properNoun	swe	Bohner Stream	properNoun	nor
Boholmarna	properNoun	swe	Boholmarna	properNoun	nor
Bohus fästning	properNoun	swe	Bohus fästning	properNoun	nor
Bohuslän	properNoun	swe	Bohuslän	properNoun	nor
Bohy	properNoun	swe	Bohy	properNoun	nor
Boisheim	properNoun	swe	Boisheim	properNoun	nor
Boitzenburger Land	properNoun	swe	Boitzenburger Land	properNoun	nor
Boke	properNoun	swe	Boke	properNoun	nor
Bokel	properNoun	swe	Bokel	properNoun	nor
Boknafjorden	properNoun	swe	Boknafjorden	properNoun	nor
Boko Haram	properNoun	swe	Boko Haram	properNoun	nor
Bolchov	properNoun	swe	Bolkhov	properNoun	nor
Bolgary	properNoun	swe	Bolgar	properNoun	nor
Boliden	properNoun	swe	Boliden	properNoun	nor
Bolken	properNoun	swe	Bolken	properNoun	nor
Bollebygd	properNoun	swe	Bollebygd	properNoun	nor
Bollebygds kommun	properNoun	swe	Bollebygd kommune	properNoun	nor
Bolligen	properNoun	swe	Bolligen	properNoun	nor
Bollmora	properNoun	swe	Bollmora	properNoun	nor
Bollnäs kommun	properNoun	swe	Bollnäs kommune	properNoun	nor
Bollnäs	properNoun	swe	Bollnäs	properNoun	nor
Bollstabruk	properNoun	swe	Bollstabruk	properNoun	nor
Bolmen	properNoun	swe	Bolmen	properNoun	nor
Bolmsö	properNoun	swe	Bolmsö	properNoun	nor
Bolmån	properNoun	swe	Bolmån	properNoun	nor
Bolno	properNoun	swe	Bolno	properNoun	nor
Bologoje	properNoun	swe	Bologoje	properNoun	nor
Bolsena	properNoun	swe	Bolsena	properNoun	nor
Bolsenasjön	properNoun	swe	Bolsenasjøen	properNoun	nor
Bolsover	properNoun	swe	Bolsover	properNoun	nor
Boltenberg	properNoun	swe	Boltenberg	properNoun	nor
Boltigen	properNoun	swe	Boltigen	properNoun	nor
Bolu	properNoun	swe	Bolu	properNoun	nor
Bolzano	properNoun	swe	Bolzano	properNoun	nor
Bolærne	properNoun	swe	Bolærne	properNoun	nor
Bolívar	properNoun	swe	Bolívar	properNoun	nor
Bombach	properNoun	swe	Bombach	properNoun	nor
Bombattentatet i Centennial Olympic Park	properNoun	swe	Bombinga av Centennial Olympic Park	properNoun	nor
Bomlitz	properNoun	swe	Bomlitz	properNoun	nor
Boms	properNoun	swe	Boms	properNoun	nor
Bon Docteur Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Bon Docteur Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Bonaduz	properNoun	swe	Bonaduz	properNoun	nor
Bonaire	properNoun	swe	Bonaire	properNoun	nor
Bond Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Bond Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Bondaholmen	properNoun	swe	Bondaholmen	properNoun	nor
Bondi Beach	properNoun	swe	Bondi Beach	properNoun	nor
Bondorf	properNoun	swe	Bondorf	properNoun	nor
Bondtoppane	properNoun	swe	Bondtoppane	properNoun	nor
Boney Point	properNoun	swe	Boney Point	properNoun	nor
Bonifacio	properNoun	swe	Bonifacio	properNoun	nor
Bonifaciosundet	properNoun	swe	Bonifaciostredet	properNoun	nor
Bonifaciosundet	properNoun	swe	Bonifaciosundet	properNoun	nor
Boningen	properNoun	swe	Boningen	properNoun	nor
Boniswil	properNoun	swe	Boniswil	properNoun	nor
Bonnabeau Dome	properNoun	swe	Bonnabeau Dome	properNoun	nor
Bonndorf	properNoun	swe	Bonndorf	properNoun	nor
Bonneville	properNoun	swe	Bonneville	properNoun	nor
Bonäs	properNoun	swe	Bonäs	properNoun	nor
Boo	properNoun	swe	Boo	properNoun	nor
Boomerang Range	properNoun	swe	Boomerang Range	properNoun	nor
Boos	properNoun	swe	Boos	properNoun	nor
Booth Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Booth Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Booth Theatre	properNoun	swe	Booth Theatre	properNoun	nor
Boothby	properNoun	swe	Boothby	properNoun	nor
Bootle	properNoun	swe	Bootle	properNoun	nor
Bopfingen	properNoun	swe	Bopfingen	properNoun	nor
Bor	properNoun	swe	Bor	properNoun	nor
Borbeck	properNoun	swe	Borbeck	properNoun	nor
Borchen	properNoun	swe	Borchen	properNoun	nor
Borchgrevink Canyon	properNoun	swe	Borchgrevink Canyon	properNoun	nor
Borchgrevink Coast	properNoun	swe	Borchgrevink Coast	properNoun	nor
Borchgrevink Coast	properNoun	swe	Borchgrevinkkysten	properNoun	nor
Borchgrevink Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Borchgrevink Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Borcik	properNoun	swe	Borcik	properNoun	nor
Bordesholm	properNoun	swe	Bordesholm	properNoun	nor
Bordighera	properNoun	swe	Bordighera	properNoun	nor
Boreal Point	properNoun	swe	Boreal Point	properNoun	nor
Boren	properNoun	swe	Boren	properNoun	nor
Borensberg	properNoun	swe	Borensberg	properNoun	nor
Borex	properNoun	swe	Borex	properNoun	nor
Borgarey	properNoun	swe	Borgarey	properNoun	nor
Borgarfjörður	properNoun	swe	Borgarfjörður	properNoun	nor
Borgentreich	properNoun	swe	Borgentreich	properNoun	nor
Borgergade	properNoun	swe	Borgergade	properNoun	nor
Borgfeld	properNoun	swe	Borgfeld	properNoun	nor
Borggarden	properNoun	swe	Borggarden	properNoun	nor
Borggård	properNoun	swe	Borggård	properNoun	nor
Borghamn	properNoun	swe	Borghamn	properNoun	nor
Borgholm	properNoun	swe	Borgholm	properNoun	nor
Borgholms kommun	properNoun	swe	Borgholm kommune	properNoun	nor
Borgholzhausen	properNoun	swe	Borgholzhausen	properNoun	nor
Borghorst	properNoun	swe	Borghorst	properNoun	nor
Borgin	properNoun	swe	Borgin	properNoun	nor
Borgnäs	properNoun	swe	Borgnäs	properNoun	nor
Borgo Maggiore	properNoun	swe	Borgo Maggiore	properNoun	nor
Borgstena	properNoun	swe	Borgstena	properNoun	nor
Borgsum	properNoun	swe	Borgsum	properNoun	nor
Borgunds stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Borgund stavkirke	properNoun	nor
Borgunds stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Borgund stavkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Borgundøy	properNoun	swe	Borgundøy	properNoun	nor
Borgå å	properNoun	swe	Borgå å	properNoun	nor
Borisgleb	properNoun	swe	Boris Gleb	properNoun	nor
Borisoglebsk	properNoun	swe	Borisoglebsk	properNoun	nor
Borken	properNoun	swe	Borken	properNoun	nor
Borkenes	properNoun	swe	Borkenes	properNoun	nor
Borkhausen	properNoun	swe	Borkhausen	properNoun	nor
Borkum	properNoun	swe	Borkum	properNoun	nor
Borlänge kommun	properNoun	swe	Borlänge kommune	properNoun	nor
Borlänge	properNoun	swe	Borlänge	properNoun	nor
Bormio	properNoun	swe	Bormio	properNoun	nor
Born	properNoun	swe	Born	properNoun	nor
Borner	properNoun	swe	Borner	properNoun	nor
Bornheim	properNoun	swe	Bornheim	properNoun	nor
Bornholmer Straße	properNoun	swe	Bornholmer Straße	properNoun	nor
Bornholms regionkommun	properNoun	swe	Bornholm kommune	properNoun	nor
Borno	properNoun	swe	Borno	properNoun	nor
Bornsjön	properNoun	swe	Bornsjön	properNoun	nor
Bornstein	properNoun	swe	Bornstein	properNoun	nor
Borough Green	properNoun	swe	Borough Green	properNoun	nor
Boroughbridge	properNoun	swe	Boroughbridge	properNoun	nor
Borovitji	properNoun	swe	Borovitsji	properNoun	nor
Borrby	properNoun	swe	Borrby	properNoun	nor
Borre kirke	properNoun	swe	Borre kirke	properNoun	nor
Borre kirke	properNoun	swe	Borre kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Borrehögarna	properNoun	swe	Borrehaugane	properNoun	nor
Borrehögarna	properNoun	swe	Borrehaugene	properNoun	nor
Borstel	properNoun	swe	Borstel	properNoun	nor
Borsökna	properNoun	swe	Borsökna	properNoun	nor
Borth	properNoun	swe	Borth	properNoun	nor
Borussia Mönchengladbach	properNoun	swe	Borussia Mönchengladbach	properNoun	nor
Boryslav	properNoun	swe	Boryslav	properNoun	nor
Boryspil	properNoun	swe	Boryspil	properNoun	nor
Borås kommun	properNoun	swe	Borås kommune	properNoun	nor
Borðoy	properNoun	swe	Borðoy	properNoun	nor
Boscoreale	properNoun	swe	Boscoreale	properNoun	nor
Bosna	properNoun	swe	Bosna	properNoun	nor
Bosnien och Hercegovina	properNoun	swe	Bosnia-Hercegovina	properNoun	nor
Bosnäs	properNoun	swe	Bosnäs	properNoun	nor
Bosporen	properNoun	swe	Bosporos	properNoun	nor
Bosra	properNoun	swe	Bosra	properNoun	nor
Bosse Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Bosse Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Bossonnens	properNoun	swe	Bossonnens	properNoun	nor
Boston College	properNoun	swe	Boston College	properNoun	nor
Bostonmassakern	properNoun	swe	Bostonmassakren	properNoun	nor
Boswil	properNoun	swe	Boswil	properNoun	nor
Bosworth	properNoun	swe	Bosworth	properNoun	nor
Botany Bay	properNoun	swe	Botany Bay	properNoun	nor
Botany Bay	properNoun	swe	Botanybukta	properNoun	nor
Botev Point	properNoun	swe	Botev Point	properNoun	nor
Botev	properNoun	swe	Botev	properNoun	nor
Bothkamp	properNoun	swe	Bothkamp	properNoun	nor
Bothwell	properNoun	swe	Bothwell	properNoun	nor
Bothy Lake	properNoun	swe	Bothy Lake	properNoun	nor
Botkyrka kommun	properNoun	swe	Botkyrka kommune	properNoun	nor
Botkyrka kyrka	properNoun	swe	Botkyrka kirke	properNoun	nor
Botnnuten	properNoun	swe	Botnnuten	properNoun	nor
Botorpsströmmen	properNoun	swe	Botorpsströmmen	properNoun	nor
Botoșani	properNoun	swe	Botoşani	properNoun	nor
Botoșani	properNoun	swe	Botoșani	properNoun	nor
Botsmark	properNoun	swe	Botsmark	properNoun	nor
Bottenviken	properNoun	swe	Bottenvika	properNoun	nor
Bottenwil	properNoun	swe	Bottenwil	properNoun	nor
Bottesford	properNoun	swe	Bottesford	properNoun	nor
Bottmingen	properNoun	swe	Bottmingen	properNoun	nor
Bottnaryd	properNoun	swe	Bottnaryd	properNoun	nor
Bottniska viken	properNoun	swe	Bottenvika	properNoun	nor
Bottrop	properNoun	swe	Bottrop	properNoun	nor
Bouapla	properNoun	swe	Babbila	properNoun	nor
Boudevilliers	properNoun	swe	Boudevilliers	properNoun	nor
Boudry	properNoun	swe	Boudry	properNoun	nor
Bougainville	properNoun	swe	Bougainville	properNoun	nor
Boulder Cones	properNoun	swe	Boulder Cones	properNoun	nor
Boulding Ridge	properNoun	swe	Boulding Ridge	properNoun	nor
Boulens	properNoun	swe	Boulens	properNoun	nor
Boulevard Montmartre	properNoun	swe	Boulevard Montmartre	properNoun	nor
Bounty Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Bounty Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Bourbonska restaurationen	properNoun	swe	Restaurasjonen i Frankrike	properNoun	nor
Bourgeois Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Bourgeois Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Bourges	properNoun	swe	Bourges	properNoun	nor
Bourgetsjön	properNoun	swe	Bourgetsjøen	properNoun	nor
Bourgogne	properNoun	swe	Bourgogne	properNoun	nor
Bournemouth	properNoun	swe	Bournemouth	properNoun	nor
Bournens	properNoun	swe	Bournens	properNoun	nor
Bourrignon	properNoun	swe	Bourrignon	properNoun	nor
Bourtange	properNoun	swe	Bourtange	properNoun	nor
Boutan	properNoun	swe	Boutan	properNoun	nor
Boutilimit	properNoun	swe	Boutilimit	properNoun	nor
Bouvier	properNoun	swe	Bouvier	properNoun	nor
Bovallstrand	properNoun	swe	Bovallstrand	properNoun	nor
Bovernier	properNoun	swe	Bovernier	properNoun	nor
Bovert	properNoun	swe	Bovert	properNoun	nor
Bowditch Crests	properNoun	swe	Bowditch Crests	properNoun	nor
Bowers Corner	properNoun	swe	Bowers Corner	properNoun	nor
Bowers Mountains	properNoun	swe	Bowers Mountains	properNoun	nor
Bowery Theatre	properNoun	swe	Bowery Theatre	properNoun	nor
Bowie	properNoun	swe	Bowie	properNoun	nor
Bowil	properNoun	swe	Bowil	properNoun	nor
Bowler Rocks	properNoun	swe	Bowler Rocks	properNoun	nor
Bowles Ridge	properNoun	swe	Bowles Ridge	properNoun	nor
Bowlin	properNoun	swe	Bowlin	properNoun	nor
Bowling Green Col	properNoun	swe	Bowling Green Col	properNoun	nor
Bowling Green Plateau	properNoun	swe	Bowling Green Plateau	properNoun	nor
Bowmore	properNoun	swe	Bowmore	properNoun	nor
Bowyer Butte	properNoun	swe	Bowyer Butte	properNoun	nor
Box Reef	properNoun	swe	Box Reef	properNoun	nor
Boxberg	properNoun	swe	Boxberg	properNoun	nor
Boxholm	properNoun	swe	Boxholm	properNoun	nor
Boxholms kommun	properNoun	swe	Boxholm kommune	properNoun	nor
Boxtel	properNoun	swe	Boxtel	properNoun	nor
Boy Point	properNoun	swe	Boy Point	properNoun	nor
Boy	properNoun	swe	Boy	properNoun	nor
Boyacá	properNoun	swe	Boyacá	properNoun	nor
Boyd Head	properNoun	swe	Boyd Head	properNoun	nor
Boyd Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Boyd Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Boyle Mountains	properNoun	swe	Boyle Mountains	properNoun	nor
Boyn Ridge	properNoun	swe	Boyn Ridge	properNoun	nor
Boys High School	properNoun	swe	Boys High School	properNoun	nor
Bozcaada	properNoun	swe	Bozcaada	properNoun	nor
Bozhou	properNoun	swe	Bozhou	properNoun	nor
Bozrah	properNoun	swe	Bozrah	properNoun	nor
Boécourt	properNoun	swe	Boécourt	properNoun	nor
Bra	properNoun	swe	Bra	properNoun	nor
Braake	properNoun	swe	Braake	properNoun	nor
Brač	properNoun	swe	Brač	properNoun	nor
Bracciano	properNoun	swe	Bracciano	properNoun	nor
Braccianosjön	properNoun	swe	Braccianosjøen	properNoun	nor
Bracht	properNoun	swe	Bracht	properNoun	nor
Brackel	properNoun	swe	Brackel	properNoun	nor
Brackenheim	properNoun	swe	Brackenheim	properNoun	nor
Brackley	properNoun	swe	Brackley	properNoun	nor
Bracknell	properNoun	swe	Bracknell	properNoun	nor
Braddock Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Braddock Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Braderup	properNoun	swe	Braderup	properNoun	nor
Brades	properNoun	swe	Brades	properNoun	nor
Bradford Rock	properNoun	swe	Bradford Rock	properNoun	nor
Bradford on Avon	properNoun	swe	Bradford on Avon	properNoun	nor
Bradley Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Bradley Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Bradninch	properNoun	swe	Bradninch	properNoun	nor
Braga	properNoun	swe	Braga	properNoun	nor
Braggio	properNoun	swe	Braggio	properNoun	nor
Brail	properNoun	swe	Brail	properNoun	nor
Braillard Point	properNoun	swe	Braillard Point	properNoun	nor
Braintree	properNoun	swe	Braintree	properNoun	nor
Brake	properNoun	swe	Brake	properNoun	nor
Brakel	properNoun	swe	Brakel	properNoun	nor
Bramley	properNoun	swe	Bramley	properNoun	nor
Brammer	properNoun	swe	Brammer	properNoun	nor
Bramsche	properNoun	swe	Bramsche	properNoun	nor
Brand	properNoun	swe	Brand	properNoun	nor
Brandau Crater	properNoun	swe	Brandau Crater	properNoun	nor
Brandau Rocks	properNoun	swe	Brandau Rocks	properNoun	nor
Brandenburg an der Havel	properNoun	swe	Brandenburg an der Havel	properNoun	nor
Brandstorp	properNoun	swe	Brandstorp	properNoun	nor
Brandsøy	properNoun	swe	Brandsøy	properNoun	nor
Brandur	properNoun	swe	Brandur	properNoun	nor
Brandwein Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Brandwein Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Brandýs nad Labem	properNoun	swe	Brandýs nad Labem	properNoun	nor
Branger	properNoun	swe	Branger	properNoun	nor
Brann Stadion	properNoun	swe	Brann Stadion	properNoun	nor
Bransfieldsundet	properNoun	swe	Bransfieldstredet	properNoun	nor
Bransfieldsundet	properNoun	swe	Bransfieldsundet	properNoun	nor
Branstetter Rocks	properNoun	swe	Branstetter Rocks	properNoun	nor
Brantevik	properNoun	swe	Brantevik	properNoun	nor
Brapiggen	properNoun	swe	Bråpiggen	properNoun	nor
Brasília	properNoun	swe	Brasília	properNoun	nor
Bratina Lagoon	properNoun	swe	Bratina Lagoon	properNoun	nor
Bratina Valley	properNoun	swe	Bratina Valley	properNoun	nor
Bratsk	properNoun	swe	Bratsk	properNoun	nor
Bratten	properNoun	swe	Bratten	properNoun	nor
Brattnipene	properNoun	swe	Brattnipene	properNoun	nor
Brattskarvet	properNoun	swe	Brattskarvet	properNoun	nor
Brattvåg	properNoun	swe	Brattvåg	properNoun	nor
Brattås	properNoun	swe	Brattås	properNoun	nor
Brattøya	properNoun	swe	Brattøya	properNoun	nor
Bratwurst	properNoun	swe	Bratwurst	properNoun	nor
Braunau am Inn	properNoun	swe	Braunau am Inn	properNoun	nor
Braunau	properNoun	swe	Braunau	properNoun	nor
Braunlage	properNoun	swe	Braunlage	properNoun	nor
Braunshausen	properNoun	swe	Braunshausen	properNoun	nor
Braunsteffer	properNoun	swe	Braunsteffer	properNoun	nor
Brauweiler	properNoun	swe	Brauweiler	properNoun	nor
Bravo Hills	properNoun	swe	Bravo Hills	properNoun	nor
Brawhm Pass	properNoun	swe	Brawhm Pass	properNoun	nor
Brawn Rocks	properNoun	swe	Brawn Rocks	properNoun	nor
Bray	properNoun	swe	Bray	properNoun	nor
Brazitis Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Brazitis Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Braås	properNoun	swe	Braås	properNoun	nor
Brașov	properNoun	swe	Braşov	properNoun	nor
Brașov	properNoun	swe	Brașov	properNoun	nor
Brđani	properNoun	swe	Brđani	properNoun	nor
Breccia Crags	properNoun	swe	Breccia Crags	properNoun	nor
Brecher	properNoun	swe	Brecher	properNoun	nor
Brechin	properNoun	swe	Brechin	properNoun	nor
Breckerfeld	properNoun	swe	Breckerfeld	properNoun	nor
Brecqhou	properNoun	swe	Brecqhou	properNoun	nor
Breda	properNoun	swe	Breda	properNoun	nor
Bredared	properNoun	swe	Bredared	properNoun	nor
Bredaryd	properNoun	swe	Bredaryd	properNoun	nor
Bredbyn	properNoun	swe	Bredbyn	properNoun	nor
Bredevoort	properNoun	swe	Bredevoort	properNoun	nor
Bredgade	properNoun	swe	Bredgade	properNoun	nor
Bredstedt	properNoun	swe	Bredstedt	properNoun	nor
Bredtvet	properNoun	swe	Bredtvet	properNoun	nor
Bredviken	properNoun	swe	Bredviken	properNoun	nor
Bredåsjön	properNoun	swe	Bredåsjön	properNoun	nor
Breeding Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Breeding Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Bregaglia	properNoun	swe	Bregaglia	properNoun	nor
Bregalnica	properNoun	swe	Bregalnitsa	properNoun	nor
Bregenz	properNoun	swe	Bregenz	properNoun	nor
Bregenzer Ach	properNoun	swe	Bregenzer Ache	properNoun	nor
Bregenzerwald	properNoun	swe	Bregenzerwald	properNoun	nor
Breggia	properNoun	swe	Breggia	properNoun	nor
Breheimen nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Breheimen nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Breidenbach	properNoun	swe	Breidenbach	properNoun	nor
Breinigerberg	properNoun	swe	Breinigerberg	properNoun	nor
Breisach am Rhein	properNoun	swe	Breisach am Rhein	properNoun	nor
Breisgau	properNoun	swe	Breisgau	properNoun	nor
Breisjön	properNoun	swe	Breisjøen	properNoun	nor
Breitenbach	properNoun	swe	Breitenbach	properNoun	nor
Breitenburg	properNoun	swe	Breitenburg	properNoun	nor
Breithorn	properNoun	swe	Breithorn	properNoun	nor
Breitingen	properNoun	swe	Breitingen	properNoun	nor
Breiðafjörður	properNoun	swe	Breidafjord	properNoun	nor
Breiðafjörður	properNoun	swe	Breiðafjörður	properNoun	nor
Breloh	properNoun	swe	Breloh	properNoun	nor
Bremblens	properNoun	swe	Bremblens	properNoun	nor
Bremeninsel	properNoun	swe	Bremeninsel	properNoun	nor
Bremervörde	properNoun	swe	Bremervörde	properNoun	nor
Bremgarten bei Bern	properNoun	swe	Bremgarten bei Bern	properNoun	nor
Bremgarten	properNoun	swe	Bremgarten	properNoun	nor
Bremke	properNoun	swe	Bremke	properNoun	nor
Brenabben	properNoun	swe	Brenabben	properNoun	nor
Brend	properNoun	swe	Brend	properNoun	nor
Brennecke Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Brennecke Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Brennerpasset	properNoun	swe	Brennerpasset	properNoun	nor
Brenta	properNoun	swe	Brenta	properNoun	nor
Brentaalperna	properNoun	swe	Brenta-massivet	properNoun	nor
Brentford	properNoun	swe	Brentford	properNoun	nor
Brentwood	properNoun	swe	Brentwood	properNoun	nor
Brenzikofen	properNoun	swe	Brenzikofen	properNoun	nor
Brescia	properNoun	swe	Brescia	properNoun	nor
Bresnahan	properNoun	swe	Bresnahan	properNoun	nor
Bressay	properNoun	swe	Bressay	properNoun	nor
Bressuire	properNoun	swe	Bressuire	properNoun	nor
Brest	properNoun	swe	Brest	properNoun	nor
Bretonnières	properNoun	swe	Bretonnières	properNoun	nor
Bretten	properNoun	swe	Bretten	properNoun	nor
Bretton Woodssystemet	properNoun	swe	Bretton Woods-systemet	properNoun	nor
Bretzwil	properNoun	swe	Bretzwil	properNoun	nor
Brevens bruk	properNoun	swe	Brevens bruk	properNoun	nor
Brevikshalvön	properNoun	swe	Brevikshalvön	properNoun	nor
Breyer Mesa	properNoun	swe	Breyer Mesa	properNoun	nor
Breznik Heights	properNoun	swe	Breznik Heights	properNoun	nor
Brezno	properNoun	swe	Brezno	properNoun	nor
Briançon	properNoun	swe	Briançon	properNoun	nor
Bridge Pass	properNoun	swe	Bridge Pass	properNoun	nor
Bridgeman Island	properNoun	swe	Bridgeman Island	properNoun	nor
Bridgend	properNoun	swe	Bridgend grevskapsdistrikt	properNoun	nor
Bridgend	properNoun	swe	Bridgend	properNoun	nor
Bridgetown	properNoun	swe	Bridgetown	properNoun	nor
Bridlington	properNoun	swe	Bridlington	properNoun	nor
Bridport	properNoun	swe	Bridport	properNoun	nor
Brielle	properNoun	swe	Brielle	properNoun	nor
Brien Rocks	properNoun	swe	Brien Rocks	properNoun	nor
Brienz	properNoun	swe	Brienz	properNoun	nor
Brienzer Rothorn	properNoun	swe	Brienzer Rothorn	properNoun	nor
Brienzsjön	properNoun	swe	Brienzsjøen	properNoun	nor
Brienzwiler	properNoun	swe	Brienzwiler	properNoun	nor
Brierley	properNoun	swe	Brierley	properNoun	nor
Briesen	properNoun	swe	Briesen	properNoun	nor
Briey	properNoun	swe	Briey	properNoun	nor
Brigach	properNoun	swe	Brigach	properNoun	nor
Brigg	properNoun	swe	Brigg	properNoun	nor
Brighouse	properNoun	swe	Brighouse	properNoun	nor
Brightlingsea	properNoun	swe	Brightlingsea	properNoun	nor
Brignoles	properNoun	swe	Brignoles	properNoun	nor
Brihadisvaratemplet	properNoun	swe	Brihadisjvara-tempelet	properNoun	nor
Brijuni	properNoun	swe	Brijuni	properNoun	nor
Briksdalsbreen	properNoun	swe	Briksdalsbreen	properNoun	nor
Brilon	properNoun	swe	Brilon	properNoun	nor
Brindisi	properNoun	swe	Brindisi	properNoun	nor
Brinton Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Brinton Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Brione sopra Minusio	properNoun	swe	Brione sopra Minusio	properNoun	nor
Brioude	properNoun	swe	Brioude	properNoun	nor
Brisbane Heights	properNoun	swe	Brisbane Heights	properNoun	nor
Brisbane	properNoun	swe	Brisbane	properNoun	nor
Briskebyen gressbane	properNoun	swe	Briskeby gressbane	properNoun	nor
Brislach	properNoun	swe	Brislach	properNoun	nor
Bristen	properNoun	swe	Bristen	properNoun	nor
Bristolkanalen	properNoun	swe	Bristolkanalen	properNoun	nor
British Columbia	properNoun	swe	Britisk Columbia	properNoun	nor
British Museum	properNoun	swe	British Museum	properNoun	nor
Brittiska Antarktis	properNoun	swe	Britisk Antarktis	properNoun	nor
Brittiska Indien	properNoun	swe	Britisk India	properNoun	nor
Brittiska Jungfruöarna	properNoun	swe	De britiske jomfruøyene	properNoun	nor
Brittiska Jungfruöarna	properNoun	swe	Dei britiske Jomfruøyane	properNoun	nor
Brittiska Somaliland	properNoun	swe	Britisk Somaliland	properNoun	nor
Brittiska territoriet i Indiska oceanen	properNoun	swe	Det britiske territoriet i Indiahavet	properNoun	nor
Brittiska underhuset	properNoun	swe	Det britiske underhuset	properNoun	nor
Brittiska underhuset	properNoun	swe	Underhuset	properNoun	nor
Brittiska öarna	properNoun	swe	De britiske øyer	properNoun	nor
Brittiska öarna	properNoun	swe	Dei britiske øyane	properNoun	nor
Brittnau	properNoun	swe	Brittnau	properNoun	nor
Brixen im Thale	properNoun	swe	Brixen im Thale	properNoun	nor
Brixham	properNoun	swe	Brixham	properNoun	nor
Brixton	properNoun	swe	Brixton	properNoun	nor
Brjansk oblast	properNoun	swe	Brjansk oblast	properNoun	nor
Brjansk oblast	properNoun	swe	Brjansk	properNoun	nor
Brjansk	properNoun	swe	Brjansk	properNoun	nor
Bro	properNoun	swe	Bro	properNoun	nor
Broadhurst Theatre	properNoun	swe	Broadhurst Theatre	properNoun	nor
Broadstairs	properNoun	swe	Broadstairs	properNoun	nor
Broadway Theatre	properNoun	swe	Broadway Theatre	properNoun	nor
Broadway Tower	properNoun	swe	Broadway Tower	properNoun	nor
Broaryd	properNoun	swe	Broaryd	properNoun	nor
Brobergen	properNoun	swe	Brobergen	properNoun	nor
Broby	properNoun	swe	Broby	properNoun	nor
Broc	properNoun	swe	Broc	properNoun	nor
Brochterbeck	properNoun	swe	Brochterbeck	properNoun	nor
Brock Gully	properNoun	swe	Brock Gully	properNoun	nor
Brocklehurst Ridge	properNoun	swe	Brocklehurst Ridge	properNoun	nor
Brockley	properNoun	swe	Brockley	properNoun	nor
Brodie Ponds	properNoun	swe	Brodie Ponds	properNoun	nor
Brody	properNoun	swe	Brody	properNoun	nor
Broich	properNoun	swe	Broich	properNoun	nor
Brokind	properNoun	swe	Brokind	properNoun	nor
Brombach	properNoun	swe	Brombach	properNoun	nor
Bromborough	properNoun	swe	Bromborough	properNoun	nor
Brome	properNoun	swe	Brome	properNoun	nor
Bromley	properNoun	swe	Bromley	properNoun	nor
Bromma församling	properNoun	swe	Bromma sokn i Stockholm	properNoun	nor
Bromsgrove	properNoun	swe	Bromsgrove	properNoun	nor
Bromsta	properNoun	swe	Bromsta	properNoun	nor
Bromwich Terrace	properNoun	swe	Bromwich Terrace	properNoun	nor
Bromölla kommun	properNoun	swe	Bromölla kommune	properNoun	nor
Bromölla	properNoun	swe	Bromölla	properNoun	nor
Bronschhofen	properNoun	swe	Bronschhofen	properNoun	nor
Brooklyn	properNoun	swe	Brooklyn	properNoun	nor
Brookman Point	properNoun	swe	Brookman Point	properNoun	nor
Brooks Atkinson Theatre	properNoun	swe	Brooks Atkinson Theatre	properNoun	nor
Brooks Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Brooks Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Brookwood	properNoun	swe	Brookwood	properNoun	nor
Broome County	properNoun	swe	Broome County	properNoun	nor
Brora	properNoun	swe	Brora	properNoun	nor
Broseley	properNoun	swe	Broseley	properNoun	nor
Brosen	properNoun	swe	Brosen	properNoun	nor
Brosno	properNoun	swe	Brosno	properNoun	nor
Broströmmen	properNoun	swe	Broströmmen	properNoun	nor
Brouardel Point	properNoun	swe	Brouardel Point	properNoun	nor
Brough Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Brough Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Brovary	properNoun	swe	Brovary	properNoun	nor
Brown Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Brown Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Brownhills	properNoun	swe	Brownhills	properNoun	nor
Browning Pass	properNoun	swe	Browning Pass	properNoun	nor
Browning Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Browning Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Browns Butte	properNoun	swe	Browns Butte	properNoun	nor
Brownworth	properNoun	swe	Brownworth	properNoun	nor
Broye	properNoun	swe	Broye	properNoun	nor
Bruce Plateau	properNoun	swe	Bruce Plateau	properNoun	nor
Bruchhausen	properNoun	swe	Bruchhausen	properNoun	nor
Bruchsal	properNoun	swe	Bruchsal	properNoun	nor
Brudesløret	properNoun	swe	Brudesløret	properNoun	nor
Brugg	properNoun	swe	Brugg	properNoun	nor
Brugmann Mountains	properNoun	swe	Brugmann Mountains	properNoun	nor
Bruichladdich	properNoun	swe	Bruichladdich	properNoun	nor
Bruksvallarna	properNoun	swe	Bruksvallarna	properNoun	nor
Brundby	properNoun	swe	Brundby	properNoun	nor
Brunegg	properNoun	swe	Brunegg	properNoun	nor
Brunegghorn	properNoun	swe	Brunegghorn	properNoun	nor
Bruner Hill	properNoun	swe	Bruner Hill	properNoun	nor
Brunflo	properNoun	swe	Brunflo	properNoun	nor
Brunn	properNoun	swe	Brunn	properNoun	nor
Brunna	properNoun	swe	Brunna	properNoun	nor
Brunnethorn	properNoun	swe	Brunnethorn	properNoun	nor
Brunnistock	properNoun	swe	Brunnistock	properNoun	nor
Brunnsberg	properNoun	swe	Brunnsberg	properNoun	nor
Brunswick	properNoun	swe	Brunswick	properNoun	nor
Brunt Basin	properNoun	swe	Brunt Basin	properNoun	nor
Bruschghorn	properNoun	swe	Bruschghorn	properNoun	nor
Brusio	properNoun	swe	Brusio	properNoun	nor
Bruzaholm	properNoun	swe	Bruzaholm	properNoun	nor
Bryggen i Bergen	properNoun	swe	Bryggen i Bergen	properNoun	nor
Bryne	properNoun	swe	Bryne	properNoun	nor
Bryssel	properNoun	swe	Brussel	properNoun	nor
Brzeg	properNoun	swe	Brzeg	properNoun	nor
Bräcke kommun	properNoun	swe	Bräcke kommune	properNoun	nor
Bräcke	properNoun	swe	Bräcke	properNoun	nor
Bräkneån	properNoun	swe	Bräkneån	properNoun	nor
Brändön	properNoun	swe	Brändön	properNoun	nor
Bränna	properNoun	swe	Bränna	properNoun	nor
Brännkyrka	properNoun	swe	Brännkyrka	properNoun	nor
Brännö	properNoun	swe	Brännö	properNoun	nor
Brålanda	properNoun	swe	Brålanda	properNoun	nor
Bröl	properNoun	swe	Bröl	properNoun	nor
Brömsebro	properNoun	swe	Brömsebro	properNoun	nor
Brömsebäck	properNoun	swe	Brömsebäck	properNoun	nor
Brömsehus	properNoun	swe	Brømsehus	properNoun	nor
Brösarp	properNoun	swe	Brösarp	properNoun	nor
Bröta och Bröthagen	properNoun	swe	Bröta och Bröthagen	properNoun	nor
Brøndby kommun	properNoun	swe	Brøndby kommune	properNoun	nor
Brønderslevs kommun	properNoun	swe	Brønderslev kommune	properNoun	nor
Brügg	properNoun	swe	Brügg	properNoun	nor
Brüggen	properNoun	swe	Brüggen	properNoun	nor
Brühl	properNoun	swe	Brühl	properNoun	nor
Brün	properNoun	swe	Brün	properNoun	nor
Brünberg	properNoun	swe	Brünberg	properNoun	nor
Brünigpasset	properNoun	swe	Brünigpasset	properNoun	nor
Brünisried	properNoun	swe	Brünisried	properNoun	nor
Brüttelen	properNoun	swe	Brüttelen	properNoun	nor
Brăila	properNoun	swe	Brăila	properNoun	nor
Bteghrîne	properNoun	swe	Bteghrine	properNoun	nor
Bua	properNoun	swe	Bua	properNoun	nor
Bubastis	properNoun	swe	Bubastis	properNoun	nor
Bubendorf	properNoun	swe	Bubendorf	properNoun	nor
Bucaramanga	properNoun	swe	Bucaramanga	properNoun	nor
Buch am Irchel	properNoun	swe	Buch am Irchel	properNoun	nor
Bucha	properNoun	swe	Bucha	properNoun	nor
Buchanan Passage	properNoun	swe	Buchanan Passage	properNoun	nor
Buchbach	properNoun	swe	Buchbach	properNoun	nor
Buchberg	properNoun	swe	Buchberg	properNoun	nor
Bucheggberg	properNoun	swe	Bucheggberg	properNoun	nor
Buchen	properNoun	swe	Buchen	properNoun	nor
Buchenbach	properNoun	swe	Buchenbach	properNoun	nor
Buchenberg	properNoun	swe	Buchenberg	properNoun	nor
Buchforst	properNoun	swe	Buchforst	properNoun	nor
Buchheim	properNoun	swe	Buchheim	properNoun	nor
Buchholterberg	properNoun	swe	Buchholterberg	properNoun	nor
Buchholz in der Nordheide	properNoun	swe	Buchholz in der Nordheide	properNoun	nor
Buchholz	properNoun	swe	Buchholz	properNoun	nor
Buchillon	properNoun	swe	Buchillon	properNoun	nor
Buchino Rocks	properNoun	swe	Buchino Rocks	properNoun	nor
Buchs	properNoun	swe	Buchs	properNoun	nor
Buckfastleigh	properNoun	swe	Buckfastleigh	properNoun	nor
Buckingham Palace	properNoun	swe	Buckingham Palace	properNoun	nor
Buckingham	properNoun	swe	Buckingham	properNoun	nor
Buckinghamshire	properNoun	swe	Buckinghamshire	properNoun	nor
Bucknell Ridge	properNoun	swe	Bucknell Ridge	properNoun	nor
Buckten	properNoun	swe	Buckten	properNoun	nor
Budberg	properNoun	swe	Budberg	properNoun	nor
Budd Coast	properNoun	swe	Budd Coast	properNoun	nor
Budinarci	properNoun	swe	Budinarci	properNoun	nor
Budjonnovsk	properNoun	swe	Budjonnovsk	properNoun	nor
Budleigh Salterton	properNoun	swe	Budleigh Salterton	properNoun	nor
Budnick Hill	properNoun	swe	Budnick Hill	properNoun	nor
Buell Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Buell Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Buenaventura	properNoun	swe	Buenaventura	properNoun	nor
Buergplaz	properNoun	swe	Buurgplaatz	properNoun	nor
Buerås	properNoun	swe	Buerås	properNoun	nor
Buftea	properNoun	swe	Buftea	properNoun	nor
Bugulma	properNoun	swe	Bugulma	properNoun	nor
Buguruslan	properNoun	swe	Buguruslan	properNoun	nor
Bugøynes	properNoun	swe	Bugøynes	properNoun	nor
Buinsk	properNoun	swe	Buinsk	properNoun	nor
Bujnaksk	properNoun	swe	Bujnaksk	properNoun	nor
Bujumbura	properNoun	swe	Bujumbura	properNoun	nor
Bukan	properNoun	swe	Bukan	properNoun	nor
Buke	properNoun	swe	Buke	properNoun	nor
Bukova Glava	properNoun	swe	Bukova Glava	properNoun	nor
Bulcke Finger	properNoun	swe	Bulcke Finger	properNoun	nor
Bulcke	properNoun	swe	Bulcke	properNoun	nor
Buldan	properNoun	swe	Buldan	properNoun	nor
Bulgarian Beach	properNoun	swe	Bulgarian Beach	properNoun	nor
Bulgariens geografi	properNoun	swe	Bulgarias geografi	properNoun	nor
Bulgariens geografi	properNoun	swe	Bulgarsk geografi	properNoun	nor
Bulkington Pass	properNoun	swe	Bulkington Pass	properNoun	nor
Bull Pass	properNoun	swe	Bull Pass	properNoun	nor
Bulle	properNoun	swe	Bulle	properNoun	nor
Bullmark	properNoun	swe	Bullmark	properNoun	nor
Bullseye Mountain	properNoun	swe	Bullseye Mountain	properNoun	nor
Bulwark Stream	properNoun	swe	Bulwark Stream	properNoun	nor
Bumstead	properNoun	swe	Bumstead	properNoun	nor
Bunderspitz	properNoun	swe	Bunderspitz	properNoun	nor
Bundjalung	properNoun	swe	Bundjalung	properNoun	nor
Bungay	properNoun	swe	Bungay	properNoun	nor
Bunkeflostrand	properNoun	swe	Bunkeflostrand	properNoun	nor
Buntingford	properNoun	swe	Buntingford	properNoun	nor
Burano	properNoun	swe	Burano	properNoun	nor
Burbach	properNoun	swe	Burbach	properNoun	nor
Burch	properNoun	swe	Burch	properNoun	nor
Burdur	properNoun	swe	Burdur	properNoun	nor
Bureau des Longitudes	properNoun	swe	Bureau des Longitudes	properNoun	nor
Bureau des Longitudes	properNoun	swe	Bureau des longitudes	properNoun	nor
Bureälven	properNoun	swe	Bureälven	properNoun	nor
Bureå	properNoun	swe	Bureå	properNoun	nor
Burfjord	properNoun	swe	Burfjord	properNoun	nor
Burg bei Magdeburg	properNoun	swe	Burg bei Magdeburg	properNoun	nor
Burg im Leimental	properNoun	swe	Burg im Leimental	properNoun	nor
Burg	properNoun	swe	Burg	properNoun	nor
Burgaeschisee	properNoun	swe	Burgäschisee	properNoun	nor
Burganfältet	properNoun	swe	Burganfeltet	properNoun	nor
Burgas Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Burgas Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Burgas	properNoun	swe	Burgas	properNoun	nor
Burgassjön	properNoun	swe	Burgassjøen	properNoun	nor
Burgberg	properNoun	swe	Burgberg	properNoun	nor
Burgdorf	properNoun	swe	Burgdorf	properNoun	nor
Burgenland	properNoun	swe	Burgenland	properNoun	nor
Burgenlandkreis	properNoun	swe	Burgenlandkreis	properNoun	nor
Burgess Hill	properNoun	swe	Burgess Hill	properNoun	nor
Burghof	properNoun	swe	Burghof	properNoun	nor
Burgin	properNoun	swe	Burgin	properNoun	nor
Burgistein	properNoun	swe	Burgistein	properNoun	nor
Burgos	properNoun	swe	Burgos	properNoun	nor
Burgsdorf	properNoun	swe	Burgsdorf	properNoun	nor
Burgseeli	properNoun	swe	Burgseeli	properNoun	nor
Burgsinn	properNoun	swe	Burgsinn	properNoun	nor
Burgstall	properNoun	swe	Burgstall	properNoun	nor
Burgsteinfurt	properNoun	swe	Burgsteinfurt	properNoun	nor
Burgsvik	properNoun	swe	Burgsvik	properNoun	nor
Burgwedel	properNoun	swe	Burgwedel	properNoun	nor
Burhave	properNoun	swe	Burhave	properNoun	nor
Burj Khalifa	properNoun	swe	Burj Khalifa	properNoun	nor
Burjatien	properNoun	swe	Burjatia	properNoun	nor
Burkett Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Burkett Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Burkina Faso	properNoun	swe	Burkina Faso	properNoun	nor
Burkitt Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Burkitt Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Burladingen	properNoun	swe	Burladingen	properNoun	nor
Burley	properNoun	swe	Burley	properNoun	nor
Burlövs egnahem	properNoun	swe	Burlövs egnahem	properNoun	nor
Burlövs kommun	properNoun	swe	Burlöv kommune	properNoun	nor
Burmester Dome	properNoun	swe	Burmester Dome	properNoun	nor
Burnette Rock	properNoun	swe	Burnette Rock	properNoun	nor
Burnley	properNoun	swe	Burnley	properNoun	nor
Burnside Ridges	properNoun	swe	Burnside Ridges	properNoun	nor
Burntisland	properNoun	swe	Burntisland	properNoun	nor
Burntwood	properNoun	swe	Burntwood	properNoun	nor
Buromskiy	properNoun	swe	Buromskiy	properNoun	nor
Burra	properNoun	swe	Burra	properNoun	nor
Burrage Dome	properNoun	swe	Burrage Dome	properNoun	nor
Burray	properNoun	swe	Burray	properNoun	nor
Burren	properNoun	swe	Burren	properNoun	nor
Burris Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Burris Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Bursa	properNoun	swe	Bursa	properNoun	nor
Burscheid	properNoun	swe	Burscheid	properNoun	nor
Burseryd	properNoun	swe	Burseryd	properNoun	nor
Bursey	properNoun	swe	Bursey	properNoun	nor
Bursik	properNoun	swe	Bursik	properNoun	nor
Bursjtyn	properNoun	swe	Bursjtyn	properNoun	nor
Burt Rocks	properNoun	swe	Burt Rocks	properNoun	nor
Burton Latimer	properNoun	swe	Burton Latimer	properNoun	nor
Burton upon Trent	properNoun	swe	Burton upon Trent	properNoun	nor
Burträsk	properNoun	swe	Burträsk	properNoun	nor
Buru	properNoun	swe	Buru	properNoun	nor
Burvattnet	properNoun	swe	Burvattnet	properNoun	nor
Bury St Edmunds	properNoun	swe	Bury St. Edmunds	properNoun	nor
Bury	properNoun	swe	Bury	properNoun	nor
Busche	properNoun	swe	Busche	properNoun	nor
Buseno	properNoun	swe	Buseno	properNoun	nor
Bush Mountains	properNoun	swe	Bush Mountains	properNoun	nor
Busk	properNoun	swe	Busk	properNoun	nor
Buskerud fylke	properNoun	swe	Buskerud fylke	properNoun	nor
Buskhyttan	properNoun	swe	Buskhyttan	properNoun	nor
Bussen	properNoun	swe	Bussen	properNoun	nor
Busseto	properNoun	swe	Busseto	properNoun	nor
Bussnang	properNoun	swe	Bussnang	properNoun	nor
Busswil bei Büren	properNoun	swe	Busswil bei Büren	properNoun	nor
Busswil bei Melchnau	properNoun	swe	Busswil bei Melchnau	properNoun	nor
Bussy	properNoun	swe	Bussy	properNoun	nor
Busto Arsizio	properNoun	swe	Busto Arsizio	properNoun	nor
Butbro	properNoun	swe	Butbro	properNoun	nor
Butcher Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Butcher Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Bute	properNoun	swe	Bute	properNoun	nor
Butjadingen	properNoun	swe	Butjadingen	properNoun	nor
Butjatj	properNoun	swe	Butsjatsj	properNoun	nor
Butler Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Butler Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Butler Rocks	properNoun	swe	Butler Rocks	properNoun	nor
Butler Summit	properNoun	swe	Butler Summit	properNoun	nor
Butrint	properNoun	swe	Butrint	properNoun	nor
Butson Ridge	properNoun	swe	Butson Ridge	properNoun	nor
Butterfly Knoll	properNoun	swe	Butterfly Knoll	properNoun	nor
Butterworth	properNoun	swe	Butterworth	properNoun	nor
Buttress Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Buttress Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Buttress Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Buttress Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Buttstädt	properNoun	swe	Buttstädt	properNoun	nor
Buttwil	properNoun	swe	Buttwil	properNoun	nor
Buturlinovka	properNoun	swe	Buturlinovka	properNoun	nor
Butzbach	properNoun	swe	Butzbach	properNoun	nor
Buus	properNoun	swe	Buus	properNoun	nor
Buxton	properNoun	swe	Buxton	properNoun	nor
Buzludzja	properNoun	swe	Buzludzja	properNoun	nor
Buzuluk	properNoun	swe	Buzuluk	properNoun	nor
Buzău	properNoun	swe	Buzău	properNoun	nor
Bué	properNoun	swe	Bué	properNoun	nor
Byblos	properNoun	swe	Byblos	properNoun	nor
Byblos	properNoun	swe	Jbeil	properNoun	nor
Bygdeå	properNoun	swe	Bygdeå	properNoun	nor
Bygdsiljum	properNoun	swe	Bygdsiljum	properNoun	nor
Byglandsfjorden	properNoun	swe	Byglandsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Bynon Hill	properNoun	swe	Bynon Hill	properNoun	nor
Bypass Hill	properNoun	swe	Bypass Hill	properNoun	nor
Byrd Head	properNoun	swe	Byrd Head	properNoun	nor
Bysantinska riket	properNoun	swe	Austromarriket	properNoun	nor
Bysantinska riket	properNoun	swe	Østromerriket	properNoun	nor
Byske	properNoun	swe	Byske	properNoun	nor
Byskeälven	properNoun	swe	Byskeälven	properNoun	nor
Bystander Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Bystander Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Bytom	properNoun	swe	Bytom	properNoun	nor
Byvågåsane	properNoun	swe	Byvågåsane	properNoun	nor
Byälven	properNoun	swe	Byälven	properNoun	nor
Bzyp	properNoun	swe	Bzyb	properNoun	nor
Bäckaskog	properNoun	swe	Bäckaskog	properNoun	nor
Bäckebo	properNoun	swe	Bäckebo	properNoun	nor
Bäckefors	properNoun	swe	Bäckefors	properNoun	nor
Bäckhammar	properNoun	swe	Bäckhammar	properNoun	nor
Bäk	properNoun	swe	Bäk	properNoun	nor
Bälgviken	properNoun	swe	Bälgviken	properNoun	nor
Bälinge	properNoun	swe	Bälinge	properNoun	nor
Bällstaån	properNoun	swe	Bällstaån	properNoun	nor
Bära	properNoun	swe	Bära	properNoun	nor
Bärby	properNoun	swe	Bärby	properNoun	nor
Bärenhorn	properNoun	swe	Bärenhorn	properNoun	nor
Bärglistock	properNoun	swe	Bärglistock	properNoun	nor
Bäriswil	properNoun	swe	Bäriswil	properNoun	nor
Bäsna	properNoun	swe	Bäsna	properNoun	nor
Bästeträsk	properNoun	swe	Bästeträsk	properNoun	nor
Bätterkinden	properNoun	swe	Bätterkinden	properNoun	nor
Bättwil	properNoun	swe	Bättwil	properNoun	nor
Bäveån	properNoun	swe	Bäveån	properNoun	nor
Båkenesdokka	properNoun	swe	Båkenesdokka	properNoun	nor
Båkeneset	properNoun	swe	Båkeneset	properNoun	nor
Bålsta	properNoun	swe	Bålsta	properNoun	nor
Bårddetjåhkkå	properNoun	swe	Bårddetjåhkkå	properNoun	nor
Bårslöv	properNoun	swe	Bårslöv	properNoun	nor
Båstads kommun	properNoun	swe	Båstad kommune	properNoun	nor
Båsträsk	properNoun	swe	Båsträsk	properNoun	nor
Båtsfjord flygplats	properNoun	swe	Båtsfjord lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Båtsfjord flygplats	properNoun	swe	Båtsfjord lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Båtskärsnäs	properNoun	swe	Båtskärsnäs	properNoun	nor
Båtstø	properNoun	swe	Båtstø	properNoun	nor
Båven	properNoun	swe	Båven	properNoun	nor
Bæk	properNoun	swe	Bæk	properNoun	nor
Bærums Verk	properNoun	swe	Bærums Verk	properNoun	nor
Béarn	properNoun	swe	Béarn	properNoun	nor
Békéscsaba	properNoun	swe	Békéscsaba	properNoun	nor
Béthune	properNoun	swe	Béthune	properNoun	nor
Bévilard	properNoun	swe	Bévilard	properNoun	nor
Béziers	properNoun	swe	Béziers	properNoun	nor
Bóbr	properNoun	swe	Bóbr	properNoun	nor
Bôle	properNoun	swe	Bôle	properNoun	nor
Böbikon	properNoun	swe	Böbikon	properNoun	nor
Böblingen	properNoun	swe	Böblingen	properNoun	nor
Böckel	properNoun	swe	Böckel	properNoun	nor
Böckten	properNoun	swe	Böckten	properNoun	nor
Bödeli	properNoun	swe	Bödeli	properNoun	nor
Böhl	properNoun	swe	Böhl	properNoun	nor
Böhlen	properNoun	swe	Böhlen	properNoun	nor
Böhme	properNoun	swe	Böhme	properNoun	nor
Böhmerwald	properNoun	swe	Böhmerwald	properNoun	nor
Böle	properNoun	swe	Böle	properNoun	nor
Bönan	properNoun	swe	Bönan	properNoun	nor
Bönen	properNoun	swe	Bönen	properNoun	nor
Bönigen	properNoun	swe	Bönigen	properNoun	nor
Bönnigheim	properNoun	swe	Bönnigheim	properNoun	nor
Bördiga halvmånen	properNoun	swe	Den fruktbare halvmåne	properNoun	nor
Bördiga halvmånen	properNoun	swe	Den fruktbare halvmånen	properNoun	nor
Börger	properNoun	swe	Börger	properNoun	nor
Börnchen	properNoun	swe	Börnchen	properNoun	nor
Börtnen	properNoun	swe	Börtnen	properNoun	nor
Bös Fulen	properNoun	swe	Bös Fulen	properNoun	nor
Bösel	properNoun	swe	Bösel	properNoun	nor
Bösentrift	properNoun	swe	Bösentrift	properNoun	nor
Böshorn	properNoun	swe	Böshorn	properNoun	nor
Bösingen	properNoun	swe	Bösingen	properNoun	nor
Böttstein	properNoun	swe	Böttstein	properNoun	nor
Bözen	properNoun	swe	Bözen	properNoun	nor
Bözingen	properNoun	swe	Bözingen	properNoun	nor
Bø gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Bø gamle kirke	properNoun	nor
Bø gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Bø gamle kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Bø nya kyrka	properNoun	swe	Bø nye kirke	properNoun	nor
Bø nya kyrka	properNoun	swe	Bø nye kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Bødalen	properNoun	swe	Bødalen	properNoun	nor
Bøkfjorden	properNoun	swe	Bøkfjorden	properNoun	nor
Bønsnes kyrka	properNoun	swe	Bønsnes kirke	properNoun	nor
Bønsnes kyrka	properNoun	swe	Bønsnes kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Børgefjell nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Børgefjell nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Bøur	properNoun	swe	Bøur	properNoun	nor
Büchel	properNoun	swe	Büchel	properNoun	nor
Büchen	properNoun	swe	Büchen	properNoun	nor
Büchslen	properNoun	swe	Büchslen	properNoun	nor
Bück	properNoun	swe	Bück	properNoun	nor
Bückeberg	properNoun	swe	Bückeberg	properNoun	nor
Bückeburg	properNoun	swe	Bückeburg	properNoun	nor
Büderich	properNoun	swe	Büderich	properNoun	nor
Büetigen	properNoun	swe	Büetigen	properNoun	nor
Bühl	properNoun	swe	Bühl	properNoun	nor
Bühler	properNoun	swe	Bühler	properNoun	nor
Bühne	properNoun	swe	Bühne	properNoun	nor
Bühren	properNoun	swe	Bühren	properNoun	nor
Bükk	properNoun	swe	Bükk	properNoun	nor
Bülach	properNoun	swe	Bülach	properNoun	nor
Bünde	properNoun	swe	Bünde	properNoun	nor
Bünzen	properNoun	swe	Bünzen	properNoun	nor
Büren an der Aare	properNoun	swe	Büren an der Aare	properNoun	nor
Büren zum Hof	properNoun	swe	Büren zum Hof	properNoun	nor
Büren	properNoun	swe	Büren	properNoun	nor
Bürgenstock	properNoun	swe	Bürgenstock	properNoun	nor
Bürkelkopf	properNoun	swe	Bürkelkopf	properNoun	nor
Büsch	properNoun	swe	Büsch	properNoun	nor
Bütlasse	properNoun	swe	Bütlasse	properNoun	nor
Bütschwil	properNoun	swe	Bütschwil	properNoun	nor
Büttgen	properNoun	swe	Büttgen	properNoun	nor
Büttikon	properNoun	swe	Büttikon	properNoun	nor
Büyükada	properNoun	swe	Büyükada	properNoun	nor
Bălţi	properNoun	swe	Bălţi	properNoun	nor
Bălţi	properNoun	swe	Bălți	properNoun	nor
CBS	properNoun	swe	CBS	properNoun	nor
CERN	properNoun	swe	CERN	properNoun	nor
CN Tower	properNoun	swe	CN Tower	properNoun	nor
CONMEBOL	properNoun	swe	CONMEBOL	properNoun	nor
Ca Mau flygplats	properNoun	swe	Ca Mau lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Ca Mau flygplats	properNoun	swe	Ca Mau lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Ca Mau	properNoun	swe	Ca Mau	properNoun	nor
Cabeça	properNoun	swe	Cabeça	properNoun	nor
Cabimas	properNoun	swe	Cabimas	properNoun	nor
Cabrera Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Cabrera Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Cabugao	properNoun	swe	Cabugao	properNoun	nor
Čačak	properNoun	swe	Čačak	properNoun	nor
Cáceres	properNoun	swe	Cáceres	properNoun	nor
Cache Heights	properNoun	swe	Cache Heights	properNoun	nor
Cademario	properNoun	swe	Cademario	properNoun	nor
Cadenazzi Rock	properNoun	swe	Cadenazzi Rock	properNoun	nor
Cádiz	properNoun	swe	Cádiz	properNoun	nor
Cádizbukten	properNoun	swe	Cádizbukta	properNoun	nor
Cádizbukten	properNoun	swe	Cadizbukta	properNoun	nor
Cadro	properNoun	swe	Cadro	properNoun	nor
Cadwalader Beach	properNoun	swe	Cadwalader Beach	properNoun	nor
Cady Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Cady Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Caelius	properNoun	swe	Celio	properNoun	nor
Caelius	properNoun	swe	Celiohøyden	properNoun	nor
Caerphilly	properNoun	swe	Caerphilly	properNoun	nor
Caffin Valley	properNoun	swe	Caffin Valley	properNoun	nor
Café Point	properNoun	swe	Café Point	properNoun	nor
Café de Flore	properNoun	swe	Café de Flore	properNoun	nor
Cagliari	properNoun	swe	Cagliari	properNoun	nor
Cahors	properNoun	swe	Cahors	properNoun	nor
Cahul	properNoun	swe	Cahul	properNoun	nor
Cain Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Cain Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Caird	properNoun	swe	Caird	properNoun	nor
Cairngorm	properNoun	swe	Cairngorms	properNoun	nor
Cairo University	properNoun	swe	Universitetet i Kairo	properNoun	nor
Cairo	properNoun	swe	Cairo	properNoun	nor
Caistor	properNoun	swe	Caistor	properNoun	nor
Caixeta	properNoun	swe	Caixeta	properNoun	nor
Cajamarca	properNoun	swe	Cajamarca	properNoun	nor
Čakovec	properNoun	swe	Čakovec	properNoun	nor
Calbuco	properNoun	swe	Calbuco	properNoun	nor
Calcutta	properNoun	swe	Kolkata	properNoun	nor
Caldas	properNoun	swe	Caldas	properNoun	nor
Caledon	properNoun	swe	Caledon	properNoun	nor
Caledonian Canal	properNoun	swe	Caledoniakanalen	properNoun	nor
Caledonian Canal	properNoun	swe	Den kaledonske kanalen	properNoun	nor
Calf of Eday	properNoun	swe	Calf of Eday	properNoun	nor
Calfee Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Calfee Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Calfreisen	properNoun	swe	Calfreisen	properNoun	nor
California Institute of Technology	properNoun	swe	California Institute of Technology	properNoun	nor
California Plateau	properNoun	swe	California Plateau	properNoun	nor
Calitri	properNoun	swe	Calitri	properNoun	nor
Callander	properNoun	swe	Callander	properNoun	nor
Callao	properNoun	swe	Callao	properNoun	nor
Calle	properNoun	swe	Calle	properNoun	nor
Callen	properNoun	swe	Callen	properNoun	nor
Callington	properNoun	swe	Callington	properNoun	nor
Calmette	properNoun	swe	Calmette	properNoun	nor
Caloplaca Hills	properNoun	swe	Caloplaca Hills	properNoun	nor
Calore Irpino	properNoun	swe	Calore Irpino	properNoun	nor
Caltagirone	properNoun	swe	Caltagirone	properNoun	nor
Caltanissetta	properNoun	swe	Caltanissetta	properNoun	nor
Calvados	properNoun	swe	Calvados	properNoun	nor
Calvi	properNoun	swe	Calvi	properNoun	nor
Calvià	properNoun	swe	Calvià	properNoun	nor
Calw	properNoun	swe	Calw	properNoun	nor
Calçoene	properNoun	swe	Calçoene	properNoun	nor
Cam Ranhs internationella flygplats	properNoun	swe	Cam Ranh internasjonale lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Cam Ranhs internationella flygplats	properNoun	swe	Cam Ranh lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Cam Rock	properNoun	swe	Cam Rock	properNoun	nor
Cam	properNoun	swe	Cam	properNoun	nor
Cama	properNoun	swe	Cama	properNoun	nor
Camagüey	properNoun	swe	Camagüey	properNoun	nor
Camberley	properNoun	swe	Camberley	properNoun	nor
Camborne	properNoun	swe	Camborne	properNoun	nor
Cambrai	properNoun	swe	Cambrai	properNoun	nor
Cambridgeshire	properNoun	swe	Cambridgeshire	properNoun	nor
Cambs	properNoun	swe	Cambs	properNoun	nor
Camel Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Camel Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Camelback Ridge	properNoun	swe	Camelback Ridge	properNoun	nor
Camelford	properNoun	swe	Camelford	properNoun	nor
Cameron Highlands	properNoun	swe	Cameron Highlands	properNoun	nor
Cameron Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Cameron Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Camp Hills	properNoun	swe	Camp Hills	properNoun	nor
Campbell Crag	properNoun	swe	Campbell Crag	properNoun	nor
Campbell Crest	properNoun	swe	Campbell Crest	properNoun	nor
Campbell Head	properNoun	swe	Campbell Head	properNoun	nor
Campbell Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Campbell Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Campbelltown	properNoun	swe	Campbelltown	properNoun	nor
Campbeltown	properNoun	swe	Campbeltown	properNoun	nor
Campese	properNoun	swe	Campese	properNoun	nor
Campi Flegrei	properNoun	swe	Campi Flegrei	properNoun	nor
Campinas	properNoun	swe	Campinas	properNoun	nor
Campleman	properNoun	swe	Campleman	properNoun	nor
Campo Marzio	properNoun	swe	Campo Marzio	properNoun	nor
Campobasso	properNoun	swe	Campobasso	properNoun	nor
Can Tho internationella flygplats	properNoun	swe	Can Tho lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Can Tho internationella flygplats	properNoun	swe	Cần Thơ internasjonale lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Canada Stream	properNoun	swe	Canada Stream	properNoun	nor
Canal du Midi	properNoun	swe	Canal du Midi	properNoun	nor
Canapi	properNoun	swe	Canapi	properNoun	nor
Cancale	properNoun	swe	Cancale	properNoun	nor
Canche	properNoun	swe	Canche	properNoun	nor
Cancún	properNoun	swe	Cancún	properNoun	nor
Candelaria	properNoun	swe	Candelaria	properNoun	nor
Canfield Mesa	properNoun	swe	Canfield Mesa	properNoun	nor
Cangzhou	properNoun	swe	Cangzhou	properNoun	nor
Canicula	properNoun	swe	Canicula	properNoun	nor
Canine Hills	properNoun	swe	Canine Hills	properNoun	nor
Caninus Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Caninus Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Canisteo Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Canisteo Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Cannock	properNoun	swe	Cannock	properNoun	nor
Canoe Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Canoe Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Canopus Crags	properNoun	swe	Canopus Crags	properNoun	nor
Canopus Rocks	properNoun	swe	Canopus Rocks	properNoun	nor
Canso Rocks	properNoun	swe	Canso Rocks	properNoun	nor
Cantá	properNoun	swe	Cantá	properNoun	nor
Cantal	properNoun	swe	Cantal	properNoun	nor
Canty	properNoun	swe	Canty	properNoun	nor
Canwe	properNoun	swe	Canwe	properNoun	nor
Cape Circoncision	properNoun	swe	Kapp Circoncision	properNoun	nor
Cape Cod	properNoun	swe	Cape Cod	properNoun	nor
Cape Fie	properNoun	swe	Kapp Fie	properNoun	nor
Cape Lollo	properNoun	swe	Kapp Lollo	properNoun	nor
Cape Valdivia	properNoun	swe	Kapp Valdivia	properNoun	nor
Capelinhos	properNoun	swe	Capelinhos	properNoun	nor
Capelle aan den IJssel	properNoun	swe	Capelle aan den IJssel	properNoun	nor
Capelle	properNoun	swe	Capelle	properNoun	nor
Capilla del Señor	properNoun	swe	Capilla del Señor	properNoun	nor
Capitol Records	properNoun	swe	Capitol Records	properNoun	nor
Capley	properNoun	swe	Capley	properNoun	nor
Cappel	properNoun	swe	Cappel	properNoun	nor
Capraia	properNoun	swe	Capraia	properNoun	nor
Capranica Prenestina	properNoun	swe	Capranica Prenestina	properNoun	nor
Capriasca	properNoun	swe	Capriasca	properNoun	nor
Capstan Rocks	properNoun	swe	Capstan Rocks	properNoun	nor
Caputh	properNoun	swe	Caputh	properNoun	nor
Caquetá	properNoun	swe	Caquetá	properNoun	nor
Carabietta	properNoun	swe	Carabietta	properNoun	nor
Carabobo	properNoun	swe	Carabobo	properNoun	nor
Caracaraí	properNoun	swe	Caracaraí	properNoun	nor
Caracas	properNoun	swe	Caracas	properNoun	nor
Caral	properNoun	swe	Caral	properNoun	nor
Carapace Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Carapace Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Caraquet Rock	properNoun	swe	Caraquet Rock	properNoun	nor
Caravaggio	properNoun	swe	Caravaggio	properNoun	nor
Carbonia	properNoun	swe	Carbonia	properNoun	nor
Carcassonne	properNoun	swe	Carcassonne	properNoun	nor
Cardell	properNoun	swe	Cardell	properNoun	nor
Cardinall	properNoun	swe	Cardinall	properNoun	nor
Care Heights	properNoun	swe	Care Heights	properNoun	nor
Carency	properNoun	swe	Carency	properNoun	nor
Carey Range	properNoun	swe	Carey Range	properNoun	nor
Cargo Pond	properNoun	swe	Cargo Pond	properNoun	nor
Carignan	properNoun	swe	Carignan	properNoun	nor
Carleton University	properNoun	swe	Carleton University	properNoun	nor
Carlingford Lough	properNoun	swe	Carlingford Lough	properNoun	nor
Carlisle	properNoun	swe	Carlisle	properNoun	nor
Carlow	properNoun	swe	Carlow	properNoun	nor
Carlstrom Foothills	properNoun	swe	Carlstrom Foothills	properNoun	nor
Carmarthenshire	properNoun	swe	Carmarthenshire	properNoun	nor
Carnac	properNoun	swe	Carnac	properNoun	nor
Carnap	properNoun	swe	Carnap	properNoun	nor
Carnegie Mellon University	properNoun	swe	Carnegie Mellon University	properNoun	nor
Carneiros	properNoun	swe	Carneiros	properNoun	nor
Carnes Crag	properNoun	swe	Carnes Crag	properNoun	nor
Carnforth	properNoun	swe	Carnforth	properNoun	nor
Carnoustie	properNoun	swe	Carnoustie	properNoun	nor
Carnsore Point	properNoun	swe	Carnsore Point	properNoun	nor
Caroebe	properNoun	swe	Caroebe	properNoun	nor
Carolinensiel	properNoun	swe	Carolinensiel	properNoun	nor
Carouge	properNoun	swe	Carouge	properNoun	nor
Carpenter Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Carpenter Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Carpentras	properNoun	swe	Carpentras	properNoun	nor
Carpi	properNoun	swe	Carpi	properNoun	nor
Carr Crest	properNoun	swe	Carr Crest	properNoun	nor
Carrara	properNoun	swe	Carrara	properNoun	nor
Carrefour	properNoun	swe	Carrefour	properNoun	nor
Carrickfergus	properNoun	swe	Carrickfergus	properNoun	nor
Carro Pass	properNoun	swe	Carro Pass	properNoun	nor
Carrouge	properNoun	swe	Carrouge	properNoun	nor
Cartersville	properNoun	swe	Cartersville	properNoun	nor
Carterton	properNoun	swe	Carterton	properNoun	nor
Cartigny	properNoun	swe	Cartigny	properNoun	nor
Cartmel Fell	properNoun	swe	Cartmel Fell	properNoun	nor
Cartographers Range	properNoun	swe	Cartographers Range	properNoun	nor
Cartwright Valley	properNoun	swe	Cartwright Valley	properNoun	nor
Casale Monferrato	properNoun	swe	Casale Monferrato	properNoun	nor
Casanare	properNoun	swe	Casanare	properNoun	nor
Casanna	properNoun	swe	Casanna	properNoun	nor
Cascais	properNoun	swe	Cascais	properNoun	nor
Cascata delle Marmore	properNoun	swe	Cascata delle Marmore	properNoun	nor
Caserta	properNoun	swe	Caserta	properNoun	nor
Casey Range	properNoun	swe	Casey Range	properNoun	nor
Cashman Crags	properNoun	swe	Cashman Crags	properNoun	nor
Casino Theatre	properNoun	swe	Casino Theatre	properNoun	nor
Cassandra Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Cassandra Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Cassel	properNoun	swe	Cassel	properNoun	nor
Cassini Regio	properNoun	swe	Cassini Regio	properNoun	nor
Cassino	properNoun	swe	Cassino	properNoun	nor
Castaneda	properNoun	swe	Castaneda	properNoun	nor
Castellammare di Stabia	properNoun	swe	Castellammare di Stabia	properNoun	nor
Castellane	properNoun	swe	Castellane	properNoun	nor
Castellón de la Plana	properNoun	swe	Castellón de la Plana	properNoun	nor
Castellón	properNoun	swe	Castellón	properNoun	nor
Castelsarrasin	properNoun	swe	Castelsarrasin	properNoun	nor
Castiel	properNoun	swe	Castiel	properNoun	nor
Castle Cary	properNoun	swe	Castle Cary	properNoun	nor
Castlebar	properNoun	swe	Castlebar	properNoun	nor
Castra Martis Hill	properNoun	swe	Castra Martis Hill	properNoun	nor
Castres	properNoun	swe	Castres	properNoun	nor
Castries	properNoun	swe	Castries	properNoun	nor
Castrisch	properNoun	swe	Castrisch	properNoun	nor
Cat Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Cat Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Catacomb Hill	properNoun	swe	Catacomb Hill	properNoun	nor
Catalão	properNoun	swe	Catalão	properNoun	nor
Catamarca	properNoun	swe	Catamarca	properNoun	nor
Catania	properNoun	swe	Catania	properNoun	nor
Catanzaro	properNoun	swe	Catanzaro	properNoun	nor
Catenary Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Catenary Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Catodon	properNoun	swe	Catodon	properNoun	nor
Catskill	properNoun	swe	Catskill	properNoun	nor
Cauca	properNoun	swe	Cauca	properNoun	nor
Cauco	properNoun	swe	Cauco	properNoun	nor
Caudal Hills	properNoun	swe	Caudal Hills	properNoun	nor
Caughley Beach	properNoun	swe	Caughley Beach	properNoun	nor
Cavan	properNoun	swe	Cavan	properNoun	nor
Cavaney	properNoun	swe	Cavaney	properNoun	nor
Cavendish Rocks	properNoun	swe	Cavendish Rocks	properNoun	nor
Caywood	properNoun	swe	Caywood	properNoun	nor
Cazis	properNoun	swe	Cazis	properNoun	nor
Cañón	properNoun	swe	Cañón	properNoun	nor
CeBIT	properNoun	swe	CeBIT	properNoun	nor
Ceará	properNoun	swe	Ceará	properNoun	nor
Cebu	properNoun	swe	Cebu	properNoun	nor
Ceccano	properNoun	swe	Ceccano	properNoun	nor
Cecina	properNoun	swe	Cecina	properNoun	nor
Cedar Grove	properNoun	swe	Cedar Grove	properNoun	nor
Cedarville	properNoun	swe	Cedarville	properNoun	nor
Cegléd	properNoun	swe	Cegléd	properNoun	nor
Celje	properNoun	swe	Celje	properNoun	nor
Cenotaph Hill	properNoun	swe	Cenotaph Hill	properNoun	nor
Center Syd	properNoun	swe	Center Syd	properNoun	nor
Center Theatre	properNoun	swe	Center Theatre	properNoun	nor
Centerville	properNoun	swe	Centerville	properNoun	nor
Centipede Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Centipede Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Cento	properNoun	swe	Cento	properNoun	nor
Central Intelligence Agency	properNoun	swe	Central Intelligence Agency	properNoun	nor
Central Park	properNoun	swe	Central Park	properNoun	nor
Central Queensland University	properNoun	swe	Central Queensland University	properNoun	nor
Central line	properNoun	swe	Central-linja	properNoun	nor
Central line	properNoun	swe	Central-linjen	properNoun	nor
Centrala distriktet	properNoun	swe	Det sentrale distriktet i Israel	properNoun	nor
Centralafrikanska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den sentralafrikanske republikk	properNoun	nor
Centralafrikanska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den sentralafrikanske republikken	properNoun	nor
Centralia	properNoun	swe	Centralia	properNoun	nor
Centralmassivet	properNoun	swe	Massif Central	properNoun	nor
Centralmassivet	properNoun	swe	Sentralmassivet	properNoun	nor
Centralschweiz	properNoun	swe	Sentral-Sveits	properNoun	nor
Centralsibiriska platån	properNoun	swe	Det sentralsibirske platå	properNoun	nor
Centralsibiriska platån	properNoun	swe	Det sentralsibirske platået	properNoun	nor
Century Theatre	properNoun	swe	Century Theatre	properNoun	nor
Cerberus Valley	properNoun	swe	Cerberus Valley	properNoun	nor
Ceredigion	properNoun	swe	Ceredigion	properNoun	nor
Cerentino	properNoun	swe	Cerentino	properNoun	nor
Ceres Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Ceres Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Cergy	properNoun	swe	Cergy	properNoun	nor
Cerignola	properNoun	swe	Cerignola	properNoun	nor
Cerniat	properNoun	swe	Cerniat	properNoun	nor
Cernier	properNoun	swe	Cernier	properNoun	nor
Cerro Torre	properNoun	swe	Cerro Torre	properNoun	nor
Cerveteri	properNoun	swe	Cerveteri	properNoun	nor
Cervia	properNoun	swe	Cervia	properNoun	nor
Čerťák	properNoun	swe	Čerťák	properNoun	nor
Cesena	properNoun	swe	Cesena	properNoun	nor
Cesenatico	properNoun	swe	Cesenatico	properNoun	nor
České Budějovice	properNoun	swe	České Budějovice	properNoun	nor
Cetacea Rocks	properNoun	swe	Cetacea Rocks	properNoun	nor
Cetina	properNoun	swe	Cetina	properNoun	nor
Cetinje	properNoun	swe	Cetinje	properNoun	nor
Cetus Hill	properNoun	swe	Cetus Hill	properNoun	nor
Ceuta	properNoun	swe	Ceuta	properNoun	nor
Cevennerna	properNoun	swe	Cevennane	properNoun	nor
Cevennerna	properNoun	swe	Cevennene	properNoun	nor
Cha Am	properNoun	swe	Cha-am	properNoun	nor
Chabarovsk kraj	properNoun	swe	Khabarovsk kraj	properNoun	nor
Chabarovsk kraj	properNoun	swe	Khabarovsk	properNoun	nor
Chabarovsk	properNoun	swe	Khabarovsk	properNoun	nor
Chaco	properNoun	swe	Chaco	properNoun	nor
Chadderton	properNoun	swe	Chadderton	properNoun	nor
Chadibe	properNoun	swe	Chadibe	properNoun	nor
Chagford	properNoun	swe	Chagford	properNoun	nor
Chain Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Chain Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Chaitén	properNoun	swe	Chaitén	properNoun	nor
Chakassien	properNoun	swe	Khakasia	properNoun	nor
Chalki	properNoun	swe	Khálki	properNoun	nor
Chalki	properNoun	swe	Khalki	properNoun	nor
Chalkidike	properNoun	swe	Khalkidiki	properNoun	nor
Chalkidike	properNoun	swe	Khalkidikí	properNoun	nor
Cham	properNoun	swe	Cham	properNoun	nor
Chamalières	properNoun	swe	Chamalières	properNoun	nor
Chamblon	properNoun	swe	Chamblon	properNoun	nor
Chambéry	properNoun	swe	Chambéry	properNoun	nor
Champaign	properNoun	swe	Champaign	properNoun	nor
Champeaux	properNoun	swe	Champeaux	properNoun	nor
Champoz	properNoun	swe	Champoz	properNoun	nor
Champtauroz	properNoun	swe	Champtauroz	properNoun	nor
Chan Rocks	properNoun	swe	Chan Rocks	properNoun	nor
Chancellor Lakes	properNoun	swe	Chancellor Lakes	properNoun	nor
Chancy	properNoun	swe	Chancy	properNoun	nor
Chandigarh	properNoun	swe	Chandigarh	properNoun	nor
Changing Lake	properNoun	swe	Changing Lake	properNoun	nor
Changli	properNoun	swe	Changli	properNoun	nor
Changsha	properNoun	swe	Changsha	properNoun	nor
Changzhi	properNoun	swe	Changzhi	properNoun	nor
Changzhou	properNoun	swe	Changzhou	properNoun	nor
Chania flygplats	properNoun	swe	Chania internasjonale lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Chania flygplats	properNoun	swe	Khaniá internasjonale lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Chania	properNoun	swe	Khaniá	properNoun	nor
Chania	properNoun	swe	Khania	properNoun	nor
Chantilly	properNoun	swe	Chantilly	properNoun	nor
Chanéaz	properNoun	swe	Chanéaz	properNoun	nor
Chaos Reef	properNoun	swe	Chaos Reef	properNoun	nor
Chaozhou	properNoun	swe	Chaozhou	properNoun	nor
Chapelle	properNoun	swe	Chapelle	properNoun	nor
Chaplains Tableland	properNoun	swe	Chaplains Tableland	properNoun	nor
Chapman Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Chapman Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Chappell Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Chappell Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Chard	properNoun	swe	Chard	properNoun	nor
Charente	properNoun	swe	Charente	properNoun	nor
Charing Cross	properNoun	swe	Charing Cross	properNoun	nor
Charkiv oblast	properNoun	swe	Kharkiv oblast	properNoun	nor
Charkiv	properNoun	swe	Kharkiv	properNoun	nor
Charkiv	properNoun	swe	Kharkov	properNoun	nor
Charles Town	properNoun	swe	Charles Town	properNoun	nor
Charlie Hebdo	properNoun	swe	Charlie Hebdo	properNoun	nor
Charlotte Amalie	properNoun	swe	Charlotte Amalie	properNoun	nor
Charlottenbergs Shoppingcenter	properNoun	swe	Charlottenbergs Shoppingcenter	properNoun	nor
Charlottenlunds slott	properNoun	swe	Charlottenlund slott	properNoun	nor
Charlottetown	properNoun	swe	Charlottetown	properNoun	nor
Charmey	properNoun	swe	Charmey	properNoun	nor
Charolles	properNoun	swe	Charolles	properNoun	nor
Charovsk	properNoun	swe	Kharovsk	properNoun	nor
Charpentier Pyramid	properNoun	swe	Charpentier Pyramid	properNoun	nor
Charrúa Gap	properNoun	swe	Charrúa Gap	properNoun	nor
Charrúa Ridge	properNoun	swe	Charrúa Ridge	properNoun	nor
Charterhouse	properNoun	swe	Charterhouse	properNoun	nor
Chartres	properNoun	swe	Chartres	properNoun	nor
Chasavjurt	properNoun	swe	Khasavjurt	properNoun	nor
Chastelhorn	properNoun	swe	Chastelhorn	properNoun	nor
Chatham	properNoun	swe	Chatham	properNoun	nor
Chathamöarna	properNoun	swe	Chathamøyane	properNoun	nor
Chathamöarna	properNoun	swe	Chathamøyene	properNoun	nor
Chatteris	properNoun	swe	Chatteris	properNoun	nor
Chaumont	properNoun	swe	Chaumont	properNoun	nor
Chauveau	properNoun	swe	Chauveau	properNoun	nor
Chavdar Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Chavdar Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Chaves	properNoun	swe	Chaves	properNoun	nor
Chavin	properNoun	swe	Chavín	properNoun	nor
Chaîne des Puys	properNoun	swe	Chaîne des Puys	properNoun	nor
Cheal Point	properNoun	swe	Cheal Point	properNoun	nor
Cheeks Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Cheeks Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Cheetham	properNoun	swe	Cheetham	properNoun	nor
Chehoûr	properNoun	swe	Chehour	properNoun	nor
Cheiry	properNoun	swe	Cheiry	properNoun	nor
Chelsea FC	properNoun	swe	Chelsea F.C.	properNoun	nor
Chelsea FC	properNoun	swe	Chelsea FC	properNoun	nor
Cheltenham	properNoun	swe	Cheltenham	properNoun	nor
Chemnitz	properNoun	swe	Chemnitz	properNoun	nor
Chengde	properNoun	swe	Chengde	properNoun	nor
Chengdu	properNoun	swe	Chengdu	properNoun	nor
Chennai	properNoun	swe	Chennai	properNoun	nor
Chenzhou	properNoun	swe	Chenzhou	properNoun	nor
Cheopspyramiden	properNoun	swe	Kheopspyramiden	properNoun	nor
Cherchell	properNoun	swe	Cherchell	properNoun	nor
Cherry Lane Theatre	properNoun	swe	Cherry Lane Theatre	properNoun	nor
Cherson oblast	properNoun	swe	Kherson oblast	properNoun	nor
Cherson	properNoun	swe	Kherson	properNoun	nor
Chersonisos	properNoun	swe	Khersónisos	properNoun	nor
Chesham	properNoun	swe	Chesham	properNoun	nor
Cheshire	properNoun	swe	Cheshire	properNoun	nor
Chessler	properNoun	swe	Chessler	properNoun	nor
Chester Cone	properNoun	swe	Chester Cone	properNoun	nor
Chester Mountains	properNoun	swe	Chester Mountains	properNoun	nor
Chester	properNoun	swe	Chester	properNoun	nor
Cheu Valley	properNoun	swe	Cheu Valley	properNoun	nor
Chevilly	properNoun	swe	Chevilly	properNoun	nor
Chevron Rocks	properNoun	swe	Chevron Rocks	properNoun	nor
Cheyenne	properNoun	swe	Cheyenne	properNoun	nor
Cheyres	properNoun	swe	Cheyres	properNoun	nor
Chhattisgarh	properNoun	swe	Chhattisgarh	properNoun	nor
Chiang Mai	properNoun	swe	Chiang Mai	properNoun	nor
Chiapas	properNoun	swe	Chiapas	properNoun	nor
Chiasso	properNoun	swe	Chiasso	properNoun	nor
Chiavenna	properNoun	swe	Chiavenna	properNoun	nor
Chichester	properNoun	swe	Chichester	properNoun	nor
Chicxulubkratern	properNoun	swe	Chicxulubkrateret	properNoun	nor
Chider	properNoun	swe	Chider	properNoun	nor
Chiemsee	properNoun	swe	Chiemsee	properNoun	nor
Chieri	properNoun	swe	Chieri	properNoun	nor
Chiesanuova	properNoun	swe	Chiesanuova	properNoun	nor
Chieti	properNoun	swe	Chieti	properNoun	nor
Chigwell	properNoun	swe	Chigwell	properNoun	nor
Chihuahua	properNoun	swe	Chihuahua	properNoun	nor
Chilchalphorn	properNoun	swe	Chilchalphorn	properNoun	nor
Chimborazo	properNoun	swe	Chimborazo	properNoun	nor
Chimki	properNoun	swe	Khimki	properNoun	nor
Chimú	properNoun	swe	Chimú	properNoun	nor
Chinguetti	properNoun	swe	Chinguetti	properNoun	nor
Chinijoarkipelagen	properNoun	swe	Chinijoøyane	properNoun	nor
Chinijoarkipelagen	properNoun	swe	Chinijoøyene	properNoun	nor
Chinon	properNoun	swe	Chinon	properNoun	nor
Chioggia	properNoun	swe	Chioggia	properNoun	nor
Chios	properNoun	swe	Khios	properNoun	nor
Chios	properNoun	swe	Khíos	properNoun	nor
Chipping Norton	properNoun	swe	Chipping Norton	properNoun	nor
Chipping Ongar	properNoun	swe	Chipping Ongar	properNoun	nor
Chiprovtsi Point	properNoun	swe	Chiprovtsi Point	properNoun	nor
Chironico	properNoun	swe	Chironico	properNoun	nor
Chisholm Hills	properNoun	swe	Chisholm Hills	properNoun	nor
Chistehorn	properNoun	swe	Chistehorn	properNoun	nor
Chistenstein	properNoun	swe	Chistenstein	properNoun	nor
Chitral	properNoun	swe	Chitral	properNoun	nor
Chittagong	properNoun	swe	Chittagong	properNoun	nor
Chittoor	properNoun	swe	Chittoor	properNoun	nor
Chitungwiza	properNoun	swe	Chitungwiza	properNoun	nor
Chivers	properNoun	swe	Chivers	properNoun	nor
Chizhou	properNoun	swe	Chizhou	properNoun	nor
Chișinău	properNoun	swe	Chişinău	properNoun	nor
Chișinău	properNoun	swe	Chișinău	properNoun	nor
Chli Spannort	properNoun	swe	Chli Spannort	properNoun	nor
Chmelnytskyj oblast	properNoun	swe	Khmelnytskyj oblast	properNoun	nor
Chmelnytskyj	properNoun	swe	Khmelnytskyj	properNoun	nor
Chmyznikovnuten	properNoun	swe	Chmyznikovnuten	properNoun	nor
Cho Oyu	properNoun	swe	Cho Oyu	properNoun	nor
Chocó	properNoun	swe	Chocó	properNoun	nor
Chogolisa	properNoun	swe	Chogolisa	properNoun	nor
Chojnice	properNoun	swe	Chojnice	properNoun	nor
Chojnów	properNoun	swe	Chojnów	properNoun	nor
Cholet	properNoun	swe	Cholet	properNoun	nor
Cholm	properNoun	swe	Kholm	properNoun	nor
Cholmsk	properNoun	swe	Kholmsk	properNoun	nor
Chomolhari	properNoun	swe	Chomolhari	properNoun	nor
Chongqing	properNoun	swe	Chongqing	properNoun	nor
Chongzuo	properNoun	swe	Chongzuo	properNoun	nor
Chopin Hill	properNoun	swe	Chopin Hill	properNoun	nor
Chopjor	properNoun	swe	Khopjor	properNoun	nor
Chorley	properNoun	swe	Chorley	properNoun	nor
Chorrillos	properNoun	swe	Chorrillos	properNoun	nor
Chota Nagpur	properNoun	swe	Chota Nagpur	properNoun	nor
Chotin	properNoun	swe	Khotyn	properNoun	nor
Choulex	properNoun	swe	Choulex	properNoun	nor
Choyce Point	properNoun	swe	Choyce Point	properNoun	nor
Christ Church College	properNoun	swe	Christ Church College	properNoun	nor
Christ Church College	properNoun	swe	Christ Church	properNoun	nor
Christi	properNoun	swe	Christi	properNoun	nor
Christiania Theater	properNoun	swe	Christiania Theater	properNoun	nor
Christianshavn	properNoun	swe	Christianshavn	properNoun	nor
Christiansholm	properNoun	swe	Christiansholm	properNoun	nor
Christoff Cliff	properNoun	swe	Christoff Cliff	properNoun	nor
Christoffersen Heights	properNoun	swe	Christoffersen Heights	properNoun	nor
Christoph Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Christoph Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Chrysler Building	properNoun	swe	Chrysler Building	properNoun	nor
Chrystynivka	properNoun	swe	Khrystynivka	properNoun	nor
Chrzanów	properNoun	swe	Chrzanów	properNoun	nor
Chrüzlistock	properNoun	swe	Chrüzlistock	properNoun	nor
Chtaura	properNoun	swe	Chtaura	properNoun	nor
Chudzjand	properNoun	swe	Khudzjand	properNoun	nor
Chudzjand	properNoun	swe	Khujand	properNoun	nor
Chugoku	properNoun	swe	Chugoku	properNoun	nor
Chugoku	properNoun	swe	Chūgokuregionen	properNoun	nor
Chur	properNoun	swe	Chur	properNoun	nor
Church Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Church Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Churchill Mountains	properNoun	swe	Churchill Mountains	properNoun	nor
Churfirsten	properNoun	swe	Churfirsten	properNoun	nor
Churwalden	properNoun	swe	Churwalden	properNoun	nor
Chuzhou	properNoun	swe	Chuzhou	properNoun	nor
Châbles	properNoun	swe	Châbles	properNoun	nor
Châteaubriant	properNoun	swe	Châteaubriant	properNoun	nor
Châteaudun	properNoun	swe	Châteaudun	properNoun	nor
Châteaulin	properNoun	swe	Châteaulin	properNoun	nor
Châteauroux	properNoun	swe	Châteauroux	properNoun	nor
Châtelat	properNoun	swe	Châtelat	properNoun	nor
Châtelet	properNoun	swe	Châtelet	properNoun	nor
Châtellerault	properNoun	swe	Châtellerault	properNoun	nor
Châtillon	properNoun	swe	Châtillon	properNoun	nor
Châtonnaye	properNoun	swe	Châtonnaye	properNoun	nor
Chénens	properNoun	swe	Chénens	properNoun	nor
Chéserex	properNoun	swe	Chéserex	properNoun	nor
Chésopelloz	properNoun	swe	Chésopelloz	properNoun	nor
Chüealphorn	properNoun	swe	Chüealphorn	properNoun	nor
Chüebodenhorn	properNoun	swe	Chüebodenhorn	properNoun	nor
Chüpfenflue	properNoun	swe	Chüpfenflue	properNoun	nor
Ciampino	properNoun	swe	Ciampino	properNoun	nor
Cifuentes	properNoun	swe	Cifuentes	properNoun	nor
Cihanbeyli	properNoun	swe	Cihanbeyli	properNoun	nor
Cijevna	properNoun	swe	Cijevna	properNoun	nor
Cima dal Cantun	properNoun	swe	Cima dal Cantun	properNoun	nor
Cima de Barna	properNoun	swe	Cima de Barna	properNoun	nor
Cima de Gagela	properNoun	swe	Cima de Gagela	properNoun	nor
Cima dei Cogn	properNoun	swe	Cima dei Cogn	properNoun	nor
Cima della Bianca	properNoun	swe	Cima della Bianca	properNoun	nor
Cima di Bri	properNoun	swe	Cima di Bri	properNoun	nor
Cima di Broglio	properNoun	swe	Cima di Broglio	properNoun	nor
Cima di Cugn	properNoun	swe	Cima di Cugn	properNoun	nor
Cima di Gagnone	properNoun	swe	Cima di Gagnone	properNoun	nor
Cima di Gana Bianca	properNoun	swe	Cima di Gana Bianca	properNoun	nor
Cima di Piancabella	properNoun	swe	Cima di Piancabella	properNoun	nor
Cimo	properNoun	swe	Cimo	properNoun	nor
Cincinnati	properNoun	swe	Cincinnati	properNoun	nor
Cinisello Balsamo	properNoun	swe	Cinisello Balsamo	properNoun	nor
Čiovo	properNoun	swe	Čiovo	properNoun	nor
Circle in the Square Theatre	properNoun	swe	Circle in the Square Theatre	properNoun	nor
Cisalpinska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den cisalpinske republikk	properNoun	nor
Cisalpinska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den cisalpinske republikken	properNoun	nor
Cittiglio	properNoun	swe	Cittiglio	properNoun	nor
City 2	properNoun	swe	City 2	properNoun	nor
City Theatre	properNoun	swe	City Theatre	properNoun	nor
City of London	properNoun	swe	City of London	properNoun	nor
City of Westminster	properNoun	swe	City of Westminster	properNoun	nor
Ciudad Darío	properNoun	swe	Ciudad Darío	properNoun	nor
Ciudad Quesada	properNoun	swe	Ciudad Quesada	properNoun	nor
Ciudad Real	properNoun	swe	Ciudad Real	properNoun	nor
Civitavecchia	properNoun	swe	Civitavecchia	properNoun	nor
Cizre	properNoun	swe	Cizre	properNoun	nor
Clackmannanshire	properNoun	swe	Clackmannanshire	properNoun	nor
Cladh Hallan	properNoun	swe	Cladh Hallan	properNoun	nor
Clague Ridge	properNoun	swe	Clague Ridge	properNoun	nor
Clamart	properNoun	swe	Clamart	properNoun	nor
Clamecy	properNoun	swe	Clamecy	properNoun	nor
Claquebue	properNoun	swe	Claquebue	properNoun	nor
Clare Range	properNoun	swe	Clare Range	properNoun	nor
Clare	properNoun	swe	Clare	properNoun	nor
Claremont	properNoun	swe	Claremont	properNoun	nor
Clariden	properNoun	swe	Clariden	properNoun	nor
Clark County	properNoun	swe	Clark County	properNoun	nor
Clark Knoll	properNoun	swe	Clark Knoll	properNoun	nor
Clark Mountains	properNoun	swe	Clark Mountains	properNoun	nor
Clarkston	properNoun	swe	Clarkston	properNoun	nor
Claughton	properNoun	swe	Claughton	properNoun	nor
Clavaleyres	properNoun	swe	Clavaleyres	properNoun	nor
Clearwater	properNoun	swe	Clearwater	properNoun	nor
Cleator Moor	properNoun	swe	Cleator Moor	properNoun	nor
Cleckheaton	properNoun	swe	Cleckheaton	properNoun	nor
Clef	properNoun	swe	Clef	properNoun	nor
Clem Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Clem Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Clemence Massif	properNoun	swe	Clemence Massif	properNoun	nor
Clenze	properNoun	swe	Clenze	properNoun	nor
Clermont	properNoun	swe	Clermont	properNoun	nor
Clerve	properNoun	swe	Clerve	properNoun	nor
Cleve	properNoun	swe	Cleve	properNoun	nor
Clevedon	properNoun	swe	Clevedon	properNoun	nor
Cleveland Mesa	properNoun	swe	Cleveland Mesa	properNoun	nor
Cleveland	properNoun	swe	Cleveland	properNoun	nor
Clichy	properNoun	swe	Clichy	properNoun	nor
Clippertonön	properNoun	swe	Clipperton	properNoun	nor
Clitheroe	properNoun	swe	Clitheroe	properNoun	nor
Clonmel	properNoun	swe	Clonmel	properNoun	nor
Cloudmaker	properNoun	swe	Cloudmaker	properNoun	nor
Clube de Regatas do Flamengo	properNoun	swe	Clube de Regatas do Flamengo	properNoun	nor
Clues	properNoun	swe	Clues	properNoun	nor
Cluj	properNoun	swe	Cluj	properNoun	nor
Clus	properNoun	swe	Clus	properNoun	nor
Cluse	properNoun	swe	Cluse	properNoun	nor
Cluses	properNoun	swe	Cluses	properNoun	nor
Clwyd	properNoun	swe	Clwyd	properNoun	nor
Clörath	properNoun	swe	Clörath	properNoun	nor
Coahuila	properNoun	swe	Coahuila	properNoun	nor
Coates Rocks	properNoun	swe	Coates Rocks	properNoun	nor
Coats land	properNoun	swe	Coats Land	properNoun	nor
Cobham Range	properNoun	swe	Cobham Range	properNoun	nor
Cochabamba	properNoun	swe	Cochabamba	properNoun	nor
Cochem	properNoun	swe	Cochem	properNoun	nor
Cockerell Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Cockerell Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Cockermouth	properNoun	swe	Cockermouth	properNoun	nor
Cocks	properNoun	swe	Cocks	properNoun	nor
Codan	properNoun	swe	Codan	properNoun	nor
Coesfeld	properNoun	swe	Coesfeld	properNoun	nor
Coffrane	properNoun	swe	Coffrane	properNoun	nor
Coggeshall	properNoun	swe	Coggeshall	properNoun	nor
Cognac	properNoun	swe	Cognac	properNoun	nor
Cohen Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Cohen Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Coimbatore	properNoun	swe	Coimbatore	properNoun	nor
Coimbra	properNoun	swe	Coimbra	properNoun	nor
Coinsins	properNoun	swe	Coinsins	properNoun	nor
Cojedes	properNoun	swe	Cojedes	properNoun	nor
Col de la Bonette	properNoun	swe	Col de la Bonette	properNoun	nor
Col de la Colombière	properNoun	swe	Col de la Colombière	properNoun	nor
Col de la Madeleine	properNoun	swe	Col de la Madeleine	properNoun	nor
Col du Galibier	properNoun	swe	Col du Galibier	properNoun	nor
Col du Lautaret	properNoun	swe	Col du Lautaret	properNoun	nor
Col du Tourmalet	properNoun	swe	Col du Tourmalet	properNoun	nor
Col du Télégraphe	properNoun	swe	Col du Télégraphe	properNoun	nor
Colbeck Archipelago	properNoun	swe	Colbeck Archipelago	properNoun	nor
Colbeck	properNoun	swe	Colbeck	properNoun	nor
Colbert Mountains	properNoun	swe	Colbert Mountains	properNoun	nor
Colbitz	properNoun	swe	Colbitz	properNoun	nor
Colchester	properNoun	swe	Colchester	properNoun	nor
Coldblow Col	properNoun	swe	Coldblow Col	properNoun	nor
Coldrerio	properNoun	swe	Coldrerio	properNoun	nor
Coldstream	properNoun	swe	Coldstream	properNoun	nor
Cole Channel	properNoun	swe	Cole Channel	properNoun	nor
Coleman Bluffs	properNoun	swe	Coleman Bluffs	properNoun	nor
Coleman Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Coleman Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Coleshill	properNoun	swe	Coleshill	properNoun	nor
Colima	properNoun	swe	Colima	properNoun	nor
Collard	properNoun	swe	Collard	properNoun	nor
College Park	properNoun	swe	College Park	properNoun	nor
Collerson	properNoun	swe	Collerson	properNoun	nor
Collège de France	properNoun	swe	Collège de France	properNoun	nor
Colmar	properNoun	swe	Colmar	properNoun	nor
Cologny	properNoun	swe	Cologny	properNoun	nor
Colombes	properNoun	swe	Colombes	properNoun	nor
Colombier	properNoun	swe	Colombier	properNoun	nor
Colonial Theatre	properNoun	swe	Colonial Theatre	properNoun	nor
Color Line Stadion	properNoun	swe	Color Line Stadion	properNoun	nor
Colorado Springs	properNoun	swe	Colorado Springs	properNoun	nor
Colosseum Ridge	properNoun	swe	Colosseum Ridge	properNoun	nor
Colosseum	properNoun	swe	Colosseum	properNoun	nor
Columbia University	properNoun	swe	Columbia University	properNoun	nor
Column Rock	properNoun	swe	Column Rock	properNoun	nor
Columnar Valley	properNoun	swe	Columnar Valley	properNoun	nor
Colwell Massif	properNoun	swe	Colwell Massif	properNoun	nor
Colyton	properNoun	swe	Colyton	properNoun	nor
Coma Pedrosa	properNoun	swe	Coma Pedrosa	properNoun	nor
Coma Pedrosa	properNoun	swe	Comapedrosa	properNoun	nor
Comanche	properNoun	swe	Comanche	properNoun	nor
Comandante Fontana	properNoun	swe	Comandante Fontana	properNoun	nor
Combertault	properNoun	swe	Combertault	properNoun	nor
Combin de Boveire	properNoun	swe	Combin de Boveire	properNoun	nor
Combin de Corbassière	properNoun	swe	Combin de Corbassière	properNoun	nor
Come into My World	properNoun	swe	Come into My World	properNoun	nor
Comino	properNoun	swe	Comino	properNoun	nor
Commentry	properNoun	swe	Commentry	properNoun	nor
Commercy	properNoun	swe	Commercy	properNoun	nor
Commonwealth Range	properNoun	swe	Commonwealth Range	properNoun	nor
Commonwealth Stream	properNoun	swe	Commonwealth Stream	properNoun	nor
Commugny	properNoun	swe	Commugny	properNoun	nor
Communication Heights	properNoun	swe	Communication Heights	properNoun	nor
Communist Party of India	properNoun	swe	Det indiske kommunistpartiet	properNoun	nor
Como	properNoun	swe	Como	properNoun	nor
Comosjön	properNoun	swe	Comosjøen	properNoun	nor
Compiègne	properNoun	swe	Compiègne	properNoun	nor
Compton Valley	properNoun	swe	Compton Valley	properNoun	nor
Con Dao flygplats	properNoun	swe	Con Dao lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Con Dao flygplats	properNoun	swe	Con Dao lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Concord Mountains	properNoun	swe	Concord Mountains	properNoun	nor
Concordia Sagittaria	properNoun	swe	Concordia Sagittaria	properNoun	nor
Concordia Subglacial Lake	properNoun	swe	Concordia Subglacial Lake	properNoun	nor
Condom	properNoun	swe	Condom	properNoun	nor
Condon Hills	properNoun	swe	Condon Hills	properNoun	nor
Condor Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Condor Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Cone Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Cone Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Conegliano	properNoun	swe	Conegliano	properNoun	nor
Confignon	properNoun	swe	Confignon	properNoun	nor
Confluence Cone	properNoun	swe	Confluence Cone	properNoun	nor
Confolens	properNoun	swe	Confolens	properNoun	nor
Conglomerate Ridge	properNoun	swe	Conglomerate Ridge	properNoun	nor
Congé	properNoun	swe	Congé	properNoun	nor
Conisbrough	properNoun	swe	Conisbrough	properNoun	nor
Connacht	properNoun	swe	Connacht	properNoun	nor
Connell Canyon	properNoun	swe	Connell Canyon	properNoun	nor
Conroy Point	properNoun	swe	Conroy Point	properNoun	nor
Conseil	properNoun	swe	Conseil	properNoun	nor
Conshohocken	properNoun	swe	Conshohocken	properNoun	nor
Constanța	properNoun	swe	Constanţa	properNoun	nor
Constanța	properNoun	swe	Constanța	properNoun	nor
Constellation Dome	properNoun	swe	Constellation Dome	properNoun	nor
Construction Point	properNoun	swe	Construction Point	properNoun	nor
Consul Reef	properNoun	swe	Consul Reef	properNoun	nor
Conters im Prättigau	properNoun	swe	Conters im Prättigau	properNoun	nor
Convoy Range	properNoun	swe	Convoy Range	properNoun	nor
Conway Ice Ridge	properNoun	swe	Conway Ice Ridge	properNoun	nor
Conwy	properNoun	swe	Conwy	properNoun	nor
Coogee	properNoun	swe	Coogee	properNoun	nor
Cook Mountains	properNoun	swe	Cook Mountains	properNoun	nor
Cook Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Cook Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Cook Summit	properNoun	swe	Cook Summit	properNoun	nor
Cooksundet	properNoun	swe	Cooksundet	properNoun	nor
Coombs Hills	properNoun	swe	Coombs Hills	properNoun	nor
Cooper Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Cooper Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Cooperationhavet	properNoun	swe	Cooperation-havet	properNoun	nor
Coor Crags	properNoun	swe	Coor Crags	properNoun	nor
Coppenbrügge	properNoun	swe	Coppenbrügge	properNoun	nor
Copper Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Copper Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Coppermine Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Coppermine Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Coral Hill	properNoun	swe	Coral Hill	properNoun	nor
Corban	properNoun	swe	Corban	properNoun	nor
Corbeny	properNoun	swe	Corbeny	properNoun	nor
Corbières	properNoun	swe	Corbières	properNoun	nor
Corbridge	properNoun	swe	Corbridge	properNoun	nor
Corby	properNoun	swe	Corby	properNoun	nor
Corcelles	properNoun	swe	Corcelles	properNoun	nor
Cordwell	properNoun	swe	Cordwell	properNoun	nor
Corelli Horn	properNoun	swe	Corelli Horn	properNoun	nor
Corgémont	properNoun	swe	Corgémont	properNoun	nor
Coricancha	properNoun	swe	Coricancha	properNoun	nor
Coricancha	properNoun	swe	Qurikancha	properNoun	nor
Corinthians	properNoun	swe	Corinthians	properNoun	nor
Corippo	properNoun	swe	Corippo	properNoun	nor
Corisco	properNoun	swe	Corisco	properNoun	nor
Cork	properNoun	swe	Cork	properNoun	nor
Corminboeuf	properNoun	swe	Corminboeuf	properNoun	nor
Cormoret	properNoun	swe	Cormoret	properNoun	nor
Cornaux	properNoun	swe	Cornaux	properNoun	nor
Corne de Sorebois	properNoun	swe	Corne de Sorebois	properNoun	nor
Corner Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Corner Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Cornimont	properNoun	swe	Cornimont	properNoun	nor
Corona di Redòrta	properNoun	swe	Corona di Redorta	properNoun	nor
Corona	properNoun	swe	Corona	properNoun	nor
Coronel Fabriciano	properNoun	swe	Coronel Fabriciano	properNoun	nor
Coronel Suárez	properNoun	swe	Coronel Suárez	properNoun	nor
Correa Point	properNoun	swe	Correa Point	properNoun	nor
Correll Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Correll Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Correvon	properNoun	swe	Correvon	properNoun	nor
Corry Massif	properNoun	swe	Corry Massif	properNoun	nor
Corry Rocks	properNoun	swe	Corry Rocks	properNoun	nor
Corrèze	properNoun	swe	Corrèze	properNoun	nor
Corseaux	properNoun	swe	Corseaux	properNoun	nor
Corserey	properNoun	swe	Corserey	properNoun	nor
Corsicana	properNoun	swe	Corsicana	properNoun	nor
Corsico	properNoun	swe	Corsico	properNoun	nor
Corsier	properNoun	swe	Corsier	properNoun	nor
Cort Theatre	properNoun	swe	Cort Theatre	properNoun	nor
Cortaillod	properNoun	swe	Cortaillod	properNoun	nor
Corte	properNoun	swe	Corte	properNoun	nor
Cortland	properNoun	swe	Cortland	properNoun	nor
Cortona	properNoun	swe	Cortona	properNoun	nor
Cortébert	properNoun	swe	Cortébert	properNoun	nor
Corvo	properNoun	swe	Corvo	properNoun	nor
Cosalá	properNoun	swe	Cosalá	properNoun	nor
Cosenza	properNoun	swe	Cosenza	properNoun	nor
Costa Blanca	properNoun	swe	Costa Blanca	properNoun	nor
Costa Brava	properNoun	swe	Costa Brava	properNoun	nor
Costa Cálida	properNoun	swe	Costa Cálida	properNoun	nor
Costa Mesa	properNoun	swe	Costa Mesa	properNoun	nor
Costa Rica	properNoun	swe	Costa Rica	properNoun	nor
Costa del Azahar	properNoun	swe	Costa del Azahar	properNoun	nor
Costa del Sol	properNoun	swe	Costa del Sol	properNoun	nor
Coswig	properNoun	swe	Coswig	properNoun	nor
Cotgrave	properNoun	swe	Cotgrave	properNoun	nor
Cotopaxi	properNoun	swe	Cotopaxi	properNoun	nor
Cottbus	properNoun	swe	Cottbus	properNoun	nor
Cottens	properNoun	swe	Cottens	properNoun	nor
Cotton Plateau	properNoun	swe	Cotton Plateau	properNoun	nor
Coulter Heights	properNoun	swe	Coulter Heights	properNoun	nor
Countess Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Countess Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Counts	properNoun	swe	Counts	properNoun	nor
Coupvent Point	properNoun	swe	Coupvent Point	properNoun	nor
Coupvray	properNoun	swe	Coupvray	properNoun	nor
Courbevoie	properNoun	swe	Courbevoie	properNoun	nor
Courchapoix	properNoun	swe	Courchapoix	properNoun	nor
Courchavon	properNoun	swe	Courchavon	properNoun	nor
Courfaivre	properNoun	swe	Courfaivre	properNoun	nor
Courgevaux	properNoun	swe	Courgevaux	properNoun	nor
Courlevon	properNoun	swe	Courlevon	properNoun	nor
Courmayeur	properNoun	swe	Courmayeur	properNoun	nor
Courrendlin	properNoun	swe	Courrendlin	properNoun	nor
Court Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Court Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Court Ridge	properNoun	swe	Court Ridge	properNoun	nor
Courtelary	properNoun	swe	Courtelary	properNoun	nor
Courtemaux	properNoun	swe	Courtemaux	properNoun	nor
Courtepin	properNoun	swe	Courtepin	properNoun	nor
Cousins Rock	properNoun	swe	Cousins Rock	properNoun	nor
Coutances	properNoun	swe	Coutances	properNoun	nor
Couzens Saddle	properNoun	swe	Couzens Saddle	properNoun	nor
Covasna	properNoun	swe	Covasna	properNoun	nor
Covina	properNoun	swe	Covina	properNoun	nor
Cow Creek	properNoun	swe	Cow Creek	properNoun	nor
Cowart	properNoun	swe	Cowart	properNoun	nor
Cowes	properNoun	swe	Cowes	properNoun	nor
Cowie Dome	properNoun	swe	Cowie Dome	properNoun	nor
Cowie Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Cowie Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Cox Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Cox Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Coyer Point	properNoun	swe	Coyer Point	properNoun	nor
Crabeater Point	properNoun	swe	Crabeater Point	properNoun	nor
Craco	properNoun	swe	Craco	properNoun	nor
Craddock Massif	properNoun	swe	Craddock Massif	properNoun	nor
Craigavon	properNoun	swe	Craigavon	properNoun	nor
Crame Col	properNoun	swe	Crame Col	properNoun	nor
Craonne	properNoun	swe	Craonne	properNoun	nor
Crap Grisch	properNoun	swe	Crap Grisch	properNoun	nor
Crap Masegn	properNoun	swe	Crap Masegn	properNoun	nor
Crap Mats	properNoun	swe	Crap Mats	properNoun	nor
Crap la Pala	properNoun	swe	Crap la Pala	properNoun	nor
Crary Knoll	properNoun	swe	Crary Knoll	properNoun	nor
Crary Mountains	properNoun	swe	Crary Mountains	properNoun	nor
Crash Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Crash Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Craw Ridge	properNoun	swe	Craw Ridge	properNoun	nor
Crawley	properNoun	swe	Crawley	properNoun	nor
Craíbas	properNoun	swe	Craíbas	properNoun	nor
Creak	properNoun	swe	Creak	properNoun	nor
Crean	properNoun	swe	Crean	properNoun	nor
Creaney Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Creaney Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Crediton	properNoun	swe	Crediton	properNoun	nor
Cremera	properNoun	swe	Cremera	properNoun	nor
Cremin	properNoun	swe	Cremin	properNoun	nor
Cremlingen	properNoun	swe	Cremlingen	properNoun	nor
Cremona	properNoun	swe	Cremona	properNoun	nor
Cres	properNoun	swe	Cres	properNoun	nor
Cressier	properNoun	swe	Cressier	properNoun	nor
Cresta dil Cot	properNoun	swe	Crest dil Cut	properNoun	nor
Creswick Gap	properNoun	swe	Creswick Gap	properNoun	nor
Crewkerne	properNoun	swe	Crewkerne	properNoun	nor
Crilly Hill	properNoun	swe	Crilly Hill	properNoun	nor
Crimson Hill	properNoun	swe	Crimson Hill	properNoun	nor
Crisscross Crags	properNoun	swe	Crisscross Crags	properNoun	nor
Cristallina	properNoun	swe	Cristallina	properNoun	nor
Criterion Theatre	properNoun	swe	Criterion Theatre	properNoun	nor
Crivitz	properNoun	swe	Crivitz	properNoun	nor
Croagh Patrick	properNoun	swe	Croagh Patrick	properNoun	nor
Croglio	properNoun	swe	Croglio	properNoun	nor
Crohn Massif	properNoun	swe	Crohn Massif	properNoun	nor
Croix de Fer	properNoun	swe	Croix de Fer	properNoun	nor
Cromer	properNoun	swe	Cromer	properNoun	nor
Cronay	properNoun	swe	Cronay	properNoun	nor
Cronenberg	properNoun	swe	Cronenberg	properNoun	nor
Crookes	properNoun	swe	Crookes	properNoun	nor
Crosby Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Crosby Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Crosse Passage	properNoun	swe	Crosse Passage	properNoun	nor
Crossover Pass	properNoun	swe	Crossover Pass	properNoun	nor
Crotone	properNoun	swe	Crotone	properNoun	nor
Crowborough	properNoun	swe	Crowborough	properNoun	nor
Crowle	properNoun	swe	Crowle	properNoun	nor
Crozetöarna	properNoun	swe	Crozetøyane	properNoun	nor
Crozetöarna	properNoun	swe	Crozetøyene	properNoun	nor
Crummer	properNoun	swe	Crummer	properNoun	nor
Crummey Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Crummey Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Crutcher Rock	properNoun	swe	Crutcher Rock	properNoun	nor
Crécy	properNoun	swe	Crécy	properNoun	nor
Crémines	properNoun	swe	Crémines	properNoun	nor
Crépin Point	properNoun	swe	Crépin Point	properNoun	nor
Crésuz	properNoun	swe	Crésuz	properNoun	nor
Créteil	properNoun	swe	Créteil	properNoun	nor
Crêta de Vella	properNoun	swe	Crêta de Vella	properNoun	nor
Csehimindszent	properNoun	swe	Csehimindszent	properNoun	nor
Csesznek	properNoun	swe	Csesznek	properNoun	nor
Cuarnens	properNoun	swe	Cuarnens	properNoun	nor
Cuarny	properNoun	swe	Cuarny	properNoun	nor
Cuenca	properNoun	swe	Cuenca	properNoun	nor
Cuernavaca	properNoun	swe	Cuernavaca	properNoun	nor
Cuff Cape	properNoun	swe	Cuff Cape	properNoun	nor
Cugy	properNoun	swe	Cugy	properNoun	nor
Cuilcagh	properNoun	swe	Cuilcagh	properNoun	nor
Cullom	properNoun	swe	Cullom	properNoun	nor
Cullompton	properNoun	swe	Cullompton	properNoun	nor
Culoz	properNoun	swe	Culoz	properNoun	nor
Culver City	properNoun	swe	Culver City	properNoun	nor
Cumbel	properNoun	swe	Cumbel	properNoun	nor
Cumbers Reef	properNoun	swe	Cumbers Reef	properNoun	nor
Cumbre Vieja	properNoun	swe	Cumbre Vieja	properNoun	nor
Cumbria	properNoun	swe	Cumbria	properNoun	nor
Cumpston Massif	properNoun	swe	Cumpston Massif	properNoun	nor
Cumulus Hills	properNoun	swe	Cumulus Hills	properNoun	nor
Cumulusfjellet	properNoun	swe	Cumulusfjellet	properNoun	nor
Cundinamarca	properNoun	swe	Cundinamarca	properNoun	nor
Cuneo	properNoun	swe	Cuneo	properNoun	nor
Cunggel	properNoun	swe	Cunggel	properNoun	nor
Cunter	properNoun	swe	Cunter	properNoun	nor
Curaçao	properNoun	swe	Curaçao	properNoun	nor
Cureglia	properNoun	swe	Cureglia	properNoun	nor
Curitiba	properNoun	swe	Curitiba	properNoun	nor
Curtea	properNoun	swe	Curtea	properNoun	nor
Curtilles	properNoun	swe	Curtilles	properNoun	nor
Cusco	properNoun	swe	Cuzco	properNoun	nor
Cusset	properNoun	swe	Cusset	properNoun	nor
Cutias	properNoun	swe	Cutias	properNoun	nor
Cyperns geografi	properNoun	swe	Kypriotisk geografi	properNoun	nor
Cyperns geografi	properNoun	swe	Kypros’ geografi	properNoun	nor
Czamanske Ridge	properNoun	swe	Czamanske Ridge	properNoun	nor
Czegka	properNoun	swe	Czegka	properNoun	nor
Częstochowa	properNoun	swe	Częstochowa	properNoun	nor
Céligny	properNoun	swe	Céligny	properNoun	nor
Céret	properNoun	swe	Céret	properNoun	nor
Cézembre	properNoun	swe	Cézembre	properNoun	nor
Córdoba	properNoun	swe	Córdoba	properNoun	nor
DESY	properNoun	swe	DESY	properNoun	nor
Da Nang internationella flygplats	properNoun	swe	Da Nang internasjonale lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Da Nang internationella flygplats	properNoun	swe	Da Nang lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Dabbawala	properNoun	swe	Dabbawala	properNoun	nor
Dabbawala	properNoun	swe	Dabbawalla	properNoun	nor
Dachsberg	properNoun	swe	Dachsberg	properNoun	nor
Dadra och Nagar Haveli	properNoun	swe	Dadra og Nagar Haveli	properNoun	nor
Dadra	properNoun	swe	Dadra	properNoun	nor
Daegu	properNoun	swe	Daegu	properNoun	nor
Dagebüll	properNoun	swe	Dagebüll	properNoun	nor
Dagenham	properNoun	swe	Dagenham	properNoun	nor
Dagens Næringsliv	properNoun	swe	Dagens Næringsliv	properNoun	nor
Dagestan	properNoun	swe	Dagestan	properNoun	nor
Dagestanskije Ogni	properNoun	swe	Dagestanskije Ogni	properNoun	nor
Dahlem	properNoun	swe	Dahlem	properNoun	nor
Dahlhausen	properNoun	swe	Dahlhausen	properNoun	nor
Dahme	properNoun	swe	Dahme	properNoun	nor
Dahn	properNoun	swe	Dahn	properNoun	nor
Dais Col	properNoun	swe	Dais Col	properNoun	nor
Dajti	properNoun	swe	Dajti	properNoun	nor
Dakota Pass	properNoun	swe	Dakota Pass	properNoun	nor
Dalaman	properNoun	swe	Dalaman	properNoun	nor
Dalarna	properNoun	swe	Dalarna	properNoun	nor
Dalarnas län	properNoun	swe	Dalarnas län	properNoun	nor
Dalarö	properNoun	swe	Dalarö	properNoun	nor
Dale kyrka	properNoun	swe	Dale kirke	properNoun	nor
Dale kyrka	properNoun	swe	Dale kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Daley Hills	properNoun	swe	Daley Hills	properNoun	nor
Dalian	properNoun	swe	Dalian	properNoun	nor
Dalkarlsån	properNoun	swe	Dalkarlsån	properNoun	nor
Dalldorf	properNoun	swe	Dalldorf	properNoun	nor
Dallmannberge	properNoun	swe	Dallmannfjellet	properNoun	nor
Dalmatien	properNoun	swe	Dalmatia	properNoun	nor
Dalmatovo	properNoun	swe	Dalmatovo	properNoun	nor
Dalneretjensk	properNoun	swe	Dalneretsjensk	properNoun	nor
Dals Långed	properNoun	swe	Dals Långed	properNoun	nor
Dals Rostock	properNoun	swe	Dals Rostock	properNoun	nor
Dalsfjords kyrka	properNoun	swe	Dalsfjord kirke	properNoun	nor
Dalsfjords kyrka	properNoun	swe	Dalsfjord kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Dalsjöfors	properNoun	swe	Dalsjöfors	properNoun	nor
Dalsland	properNoun	swe	Dalsland	properNoun	nor
Dalstorp	properNoun	swe	Dalstorp	properNoun	nor
Dalum	properNoun	swe	Dalum	properNoun	nor
Dalälven	properNoun	swe	Dalälven	properNoun	nor
Daman och Diu	properNoun	swe	Daman og Diu	properNoun	nor
Daman	properNoun	swe	Daman	properNoun	nor
Dammam	properNoun	swe	Dammam	properNoun	nor
Dammastock	properNoun	swe	Dammastock	properNoun	nor
Damme	properNoun	swe	Damme	properNoun	nor
Dammerstock	properNoun	swe	Dammerstock	properNoun	nor
Dammtorpssjön	properNoun	swe	Dammtorpssjön	properNoun	nor
Dammträsk	properNoun	swe	Dammträsk	properNoun	nor
Damocles Point	properNoun	swe	Damocles Point	properNoun	nor
Damoy	properNoun	swe	Damoy	properNoun	nor
Damphreux	properNoun	swe	Damphreux	properNoun	nor
Damschroder Rock	properNoun	swe	Damschroder Rock	properNoun	nor
Damsholte	properNoun	swe	Damsholte	properNoun	nor
Damville	properNoun	swe	Damville	properNoun	nor
Dana Mountains	properNoun	swe	Dana Mountains	properNoun	nor
Dana Point	properNoun	swe	Dana Point	properNoun	nor
Danby	properNoun	swe	Danby	properNoun	nor
Danco Coast	properNoun	swe	Danco Coast	properNoun	nor
Danderyd	properNoun	swe	Danderyd	properNoun	nor
Danderyds kommun	properNoun	swe	Danderyd kommune	properNoun	nor
Dandong	properNoun	swe	Dandong	properNoun	nor
Danholn	properNoun	swe	Danholn	properNoun	nor
Daniell Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Daniell Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Daniels Range	properNoun	swe	Daniels Range	properNoun	nor
Dankersen	properNoun	swe	Dankersen	properNoun	nor
Danmarks Nationalbank	properNoun	swe	Danmarks Nationalbank	properNoun	nor
Danmarks Radio	properNoun	swe	Danmarks Radio	properNoun	nor
Danmarks Tekniske Universitet	properNoun	swe	Danmarks Tekniske Universitet	properNoun	nor
Danmarks geografi	properNoun	swe	Danmarks geografi	properNoun	nor
Danmarks geografi	properNoun	swe	Dansk geografi	properNoun	nor
Danmarksundet	properNoun	swe	Danmarkstredet	properNoun	nor
Danmarksundet	properNoun	swe	Danmarksundet	properNoun	nor
Dannemora	properNoun	swe	Dannemora	properNoun	nor
Dannenberg	properNoun	swe	Dannenberg	properNoun	nor
Dannevirke	properNoun	swe	Dannevirke	properNoun	nor
Dannike	properNoun	swe	Dannike	properNoun	nor
Dansk Sprognævn	properNoun	swe	Dansk Sprognævn	properNoun	nor
Danska Västindien	properNoun	swe	Dansk Vestindia	properNoun	nor
Danskön	properNoun	swe	Danskøya	properNoun	nor
Danum Platform	properNoun	swe	Danum Platform	properNoun	nor
Danz	properNoun	swe	Danz	properNoun	nor
Daqing	properNoun	swe	Daqing	properNoun	nor
Dardagny	properNoun	swe	Dardagny	properNoun	nor
Dardanellerna	properNoun	swe	Dardanellane	properNoun	nor
Dardanellerna	properNoun	swe	Dardanellene	properNoun	nor
Darfur	properNoun	swe	Darfur	properNoun	nor
Dargaville	properNoun	swe	Dargaville	properNoun	nor
Darjeeling Himalayan Railway	properNoun	swe	Darjeeling Himalayan Railway	properNoun	nor
Darjeeling	properNoun	swe	Darjeeling	properNoun	nor
Darley Dale	properNoun	swe	Darley Dale	properNoun	nor
Darley Hills	properNoun	swe	Darley Hills	properNoun	nor
Darlington	properNoun	swe	Darlington	properNoun	nor
Darmstadt	properNoun	swe	Darmstadt	properNoun	nor
Darnah	properNoun	swe	Darnah	properNoun	nor
Darnah	properNoun	swe	Derna	properNoun	nor
Darnell Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Darnell Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Daroca	properNoun	swe	Daroca	properNoun	nor
Darss	properNoun	swe	Darß	properNoun	nor
Dartford	properNoun	swe	Dartford	properNoun	nor
Dartmoor	properNoun	swe	Dartmoor	properNoun	nor
Dartmouth	properNoun	swe	Dartmouth	properNoun	nor
Darwin Mountains	properNoun	swe	Darwin Mountains	properNoun	nor
Dassel	properNoun	swe	Dassel	properNoun	nor
Dater	properNoun	swe	Dater	properNoun	nor
Datong	properNoun	swe	Datong	properNoun	nor
Datteln	properNoun	swe	Datteln	properNoun	nor
Datumgränsen	properNoun	swe	Datolinja	properNoun	nor
Datumgränsen	properNoun	swe	Datolinjen	properNoun	nor
Daubenhorn	properNoun	swe	Daubenhorn	properNoun	nor
Daubensee	properNoun	swe	Daubensee	properNoun	nor
Daugava	properNoun	swe	Daugava	properNoun	nor
Daugavgrīva	properNoun	swe	Daugavgrīva	properNoun	nor
Daugavpils	properNoun	swe	Daugavpils	properNoun	nor
Daun	properNoun	swe	Daun	properNoun	nor
Dauphiné	properNoun	swe	Dauphiné	properNoun	nor
Dautmergen	properNoun	swe	Dautmergen	properNoun	nor
Davao	properNoun	swe	Davao	properNoun	nor
Daventry	properNoun	swe	Daventry	properNoun	nor
Davern Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Davern Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Davey Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Davey Nunataks	properNoun	nor
David Range	properNoun	swe	David Range	properNoun	nor
David Valley	properNoun	swe	David Valley	properNoun	nor
Davies Dome	properNoun	swe	Davies Dome	properNoun	nor
Davies Heights	properNoun	swe	Davies Heights	properNoun	nor
Davies Top	properNoun	swe	Davies Top	properNoun	nor
Davis Hills	properNoun	swe	Davis Hills	properNoun	nor
Davis Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Davis Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Davis Promontory	properNoun	swe	Davis Promontory	properNoun	nor
Davis Saddle	properNoun	swe	Davis Saddle	properNoun	nor
Davis sund	properNoun	swe	Davisstredet	properNoun	nor
Davis sund	properNoun	swe	Davissundet	properNoun	nor
Davishavet	properNoun	swe	Davishavet	properNoun	nor
Davor	properNoun	swe	Davor	properNoun	nor
Davos	properNoun	swe	Davos	properNoun	nor
Dawson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Dawson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Dax	properNoun	swe	Dax	properNoun	nor
Day Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Day Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Dayman	properNoun	swe	Dayman	properNoun	nor
Dayr Ḩāfir	properNoun	swe	Dayr Hafir	properNoun	nor
Daytona Beach	properNoun	swe	Daytona Beach	properNoun	nor
Dazhou	properNoun	swe	Dazhou	properNoun	nor
De Camp Nunatak	properNoun	swe	De Camp Nunatak	properNoun	nor
De Hoop	properNoun	swe	De Hoop	properNoun	nor
De Longöarna	properNoun	swe	De Long-øyane	properNoun	nor
De Longöarna	properNoun	swe	De Long-øyene	properNoun	nor
De syv søstre	properNoun	swe	De syv søstre	properNoun	nor
De syv søstre	properNoun	swe	Sju søstre	properNoun	nor
De tre ravinernas damm	properNoun	swe	De tre kløfters demning	properNoun	nor
De tre ravinernas damm	properNoun	swe	Tre kløfter-demninga	properNoun	nor
DeMaster Point	properNoun	swe	DeMaster Point	properNoun	nor
DeRemer Nunataks	properNoun	swe	DeRemer Nunataks	properNoun	nor
DeWitt Nunatak	properNoun	swe	DeWitt Nunatak	properNoun	nor
DeZafra Ridge	properNoun	swe	DeZafra Ridge	properNoun	nor
Deal	properNoun	swe	Deal	properNoun	nor
Dealul Bălănești	properNoun	swe	Dealul Bălăneşti	properNoun	nor
Dean Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Dean Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Dean Rocks	properNoun	swe	Dean Rocks	properNoun	nor
Deardorff	properNoun	swe	Deardorff	properNoun	nor
Death Valley	properNoun	swe	Death Valley	properNoun	nor
Deauville	properNoun	swe	Deauville	properNoun	nor
Debaltseve	properNoun	swe	Debaltseve	properNoun	nor
Debelyanov Point	properNoun	swe	Debelyanov Point	properNoun	nor
Debrecen	properNoun	swe	Debrecen	properNoun	nor
Debussy Heights	properNoun	swe	Debussy Heights	properNoun	nor
Deccan	properNoun	swe	Deccan	properNoun	nor
Decepción	properNoun	swe	Decepción	properNoun	nor
Deception Plateau	properNoun	swe	Deception Plateau	properNoun	nor
Decize	properNoun	swe	Decize	properNoun	nor
Dedovsk	properNoun	swe	Dedovsk	properNoun	nor
Dee Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Dee Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Deerfield	properNoun	swe	Deerfield	properNoun	nor
Degeberga	properNoun	swe	Degeberga	properNoun	nor
Degen	properNoun	swe	Degen	properNoun	nor
Degerfeldt	properNoun	swe	Degerfeldt	properNoun	nor
Degerfors kommun	properNoun	swe	Degerfors kommune	properNoun	nor
Degerhamn	properNoun	swe	Degerhamn	properNoun	nor
Degernes	properNoun	swe	Degernes	properNoun	nor
Degnepoll	properNoun	swe	Degnepoll	properNoun	nor
Degtjarsk	properNoun	swe	Degtjarsk	properNoun	nor
Dehme	properNoun	swe	Dehme	properNoun	nor
Deichmanske bibliotek	properNoun	swe	Deichmanske bibliotek	properNoun	nor
Deildenapen	properNoun	swe	Deildenapen	properNoun	nor
Deimos Ridge	properNoun	swe	Deimos Ridge	properNoun	nor
Deir al Qamar	properNoun	swe	Deir el Qamar	properNoun	nor
Deisswil bei Münchenbuchsee	properNoun	swe	Deisswil bei Münchenbuchsee	properNoun	nor
Deje	properNoun	swe	Deje	properNoun	nor
Dekefjellrantane	properNoun	swe	Dekefjellrantane	properNoun	nor
Del Rio	properNoun	swe	Del Rio	properNoun	nor
Delary	properNoun	swe	Delary	properNoun	nor
Delay Point	properNoun	swe	Delay Point	properNoun	nor
Delborn	properNoun	swe	Delborn	properNoun	nor
Delbrück	properNoun	swe	Delbrück	properNoun	nor
Deleon	properNoun	swe	Deleon	properNoun	nor
Delfi	properNoun	swe	Delfí	properNoun	nor
Delft	properNoun	swe	Delft	properNoun	nor
Delle	properNoun	swe	Delle	properNoun	nor
Delligsen	properNoun	swe	Delligsen	properNoun	nor
Dellwig	properNoun	swe	Dellwig	properNoun	nor
Delos	properNoun	swe	Dilos	properNoun	nor
Delos	properNoun	swe	Dílos	properNoun	nor
Delray Beach	properNoun	swe	Delray Beach	properNoun	nor
Delsbo	properNoun	swe	Delsbo	properNoun	nor
Delsjön	properNoun	swe	Delsjön	properNoun	nor
Delta Amacuro	properNoun	swe	Delta Amacuro	properNoun	nor
Deltaprojektet	properNoun	swe	Deltaprosjektet	properNoun	nor
Delyan Point	properNoun	swe	Delyan Point	properNoun	nor
Delångersån	properNoun	swe	Delångersån	properNoun	nor
Delémont	properNoun	swe	Delémont	properNoun	nor
Demas Range	properNoun	swe	Demas Range	properNoun	nor
Demay Point	properNoun	swe	Demay Point	properNoun	nor
Demmin	properNoun	swe	Demmin	properNoun	nor
Demokratiska partiet	properNoun	swe	Det demokratiske partiet i USA	properNoun	nor
Den Helder	properNoun	swe	Den Helder	properNoun	nor
Den Nationale Scene	properNoun	swe	Den Nationale Scene	properNoun	nor
Den lille havfrue	properNoun	swe	Den lille havfrue	properNoun	nor
Denais Stack	properNoun	swe	Denais Stack	properNoun	nor
Denali nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Denali nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Denali	properNoun	swe	Denali	properNoun	nor
Denali	properNoun	swe	Mount McKinley	properNoun	nor
Denauro	properNoun	swe	Denauro	properNoun	nor
Denbighshire	properNoun	swe	Denbighshire	properNoun	nor
Dendre	properNoun	swe	Dender	properNoun	nor
Denens	properNoun	swe	Denens	properNoun	nor
Denfeld Mountains	properNoun	swe	Denfeld Mountains	properNoun	nor
Dengfeng	properNoun	swe	Dengfeng	properNoun	nor
Denizli	properNoun	swe	Denizli	properNoun	nor
Denkendorf	properNoun	swe	Denkendorf	properNoun	nor
Denmark Hill	properNoun	swe	Denmark Hill	properNoun	nor
Densbüren	properNoun	swe	Densbüren	properNoun	nor
Dent Favre	properNoun	swe	Dent Favre	properNoun	nor
Dent de Jaman	properNoun	swe	Dent de Jaman	properNoun	nor
Dent de Lys	properNoun	swe	Dent de Lys	properNoun	nor
Dent de Morcles	properNoun	swe	Dent de Morcles	properNoun	nor
Dent de Nendaz	properNoun	swe	Dent de Nendaz	properNoun	nor
Dent de Perroc	properNoun	swe	Dent de Perroc	properNoun	nor
Dent de Ruth	properNoun	swe	Dent de Ruth	properNoun	nor
Dent de Savigny	properNoun	swe	Dent de Savigny	properNoun	nor
Dent de Vaulion	properNoun	swe	Dent de Vaulion	properNoun	nor
Dent de la Brenleire	properNoun	swe	Dent de Brenleire	properNoun	nor
Dent du Salantin	properNoun	swe	Dent du Salantin	properNoun	nor
Denton Hills	properNoun	swe	Denton Hills	properNoun	nor
Dents de Bertol	properNoun	swe	Dents de Bertol	properNoun	nor
Dents du Midi	properNoun	swe	Dents du Midi	properNoun	nor
Departure Rocks	properNoun	swe	Departure Rocks	properNoun	nor
Depeaux	properNoun	swe	Depeaux	properNoun	nor
Depot Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Depot Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Đeravica	properNoun	swe	Đeravica	properNoun	nor
Derbent	properNoun	swe	Derbent	properNoun	nor
Derbyshire	properNoun	swe	Derbyshire	properNoun	nor
Dereham	properNoun	swe	Dereham	properNoun	nor
Derenbach	properNoun	swe	Derenbach	properNoun	nor
Derinkuyu	properNoun	swe	Derinkuyu	properNoun	nor
Derne	properNoun	swe	Derne	properNoun	nor
Derocher Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Derocher Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Derwent	properNoun	swe	Derwent	properNoun	nor
Deryugin	properNoun	swe	Deryugin	properNoun	nor
Des Moines	properNoun	swe	Des Moines	properNoun	nor
DesRoches Nunataks	properNoun	swe	DesRoches Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Dešat	properNoun	swe	Dešat	properNoun	nor
Dešat	properNoun	swe	Desjat	properNoun	nor
Desborough	properNoun	swe	Desborough	properNoun	nor
Descent Pass	properNoun	swe	Descent Pass	properNoun	nor
Deschampsia Point	properNoun	swe	Deschampsia Point	properNoun	nor
Desio	properNoun	swe	Desio	properNoun	nor
Desko Mountains	properNoun	swe	Desko Mountains	properNoun	nor
Desna	properNoun	swe	Desna	properNoun	nor
Desnogorsk	properNoun	swe	Desnogorsk	properNoun	nor
Dessau	properNoun	swe	Dessau	properNoun	nor
Destination Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Destination Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Det Akademiske Kvarter	properNoun	swe	Det Akademiske Kvarter	properNoun	nor
Det Kongelige Danske Kunstakademi	properNoun	swe	Det Kongelige Danske Kunstakademi	properNoun	nor
Det Kongelige Teater	properNoun	swe	Det Kongelige Teater	properNoun	nor
Det Norske Bibelselskap	properNoun	swe	Det Norske Bibelselskap	properNoun	nor
Det norske teatret	properNoun	swe	Det norske teatret	properNoun	nor
Detern	properNoun	swe	Detern	properNoun	nor
Detmold	properNoun	swe	Detmold	properNoun	nor
Detour Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Detour Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Detroit Plateau	properNoun	swe	Detroit Plateau	properNoun	nor
Dettenhausen	properNoun	swe	Dettenhausen	properNoun	nor
Dettifoss	properNoun	swe	Dettifoss	properNoun	nor
Deusen	properNoun	swe	Deusen	properNoun	nor
Deutsche Nationalbibliothek	properNoun	swe	Deutsche Nationalbibliothek	properNoun	nor
Deva	properNoun	swe	Deva	properNoun	nor
Develier	properNoun	swe	Develier	properNoun	nor
Deventer	properNoun	swe	Deventer	properNoun	nor
Devon	properNoun	swe	Devon	properNoun	nor
Dewar Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Dewar Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Dewsbury	properNoun	swe	Dewsbury	properNoun	nor
Deyang	properNoun	swe	Deyang	properNoun	nor
Dezhou	properNoun	swe	Dezhou	properNoun	nor
Dhaka	properNoun	swe	Dhaka	properNoun	nor
Dhaulagiri	properNoun	swe	Dhaulagiri	properNoun	nor
Diavolezza	properNoun	swe	Diavolezza	properNoun	nor
Dickel	properNoun	swe	Dickel	properNoun	nor
Dickerson	properNoun	swe	Dickerson	properNoun	nor
Dickinson Rocks	properNoun	swe	Dickinson Rocks	properNoun	nor
Dickson Pillar	properNoun	swe	Dickson Pillar	properNoun	nor
Didcot	properNoun	swe	Didcot	properNoun	nor
Die	properNoun	swe	Die	properNoun	nor
Dieblich	properNoun	swe	Dieblich	properNoun	nor
Diechterhorn	properNoun	swe	Diechterhorn	properNoun	nor
Dieck	properNoun	swe	Dieck	properNoun	nor
Diedenshausen	properNoun	swe	Diedenshausen	properNoun	nor
Diefenbach	properNoun	swe	Diefenbach	properNoun	nor
Diego Ramirezöarna	properNoun	swe	Diego Ramírez-øyane	properNoun	nor
Diego Ramirezöarna	properNoun	swe	Diego Ramírez-øyene	properNoun	nor
Diegten	properNoun	swe	Diegten	properNoun	nor
Diehtosiida	properNoun	swe	Diehtosiida	properNoun	nor
Diekirch	properNoun	swe	Diekirch	properNoun	nor
Dielsdorf	properNoun	swe	Dielsdorf	properNoun	nor
Diemerswil	properNoun	swe	Diemerswil	properNoun	nor
Diemtigen	properNoun	swe	Diemtigen	properNoun	nor
Diepenau	properNoun	swe	Diepenau	properNoun	nor
Diepflingen	properNoun	swe	Diepflingen	properNoun	nor
Diepholz	properNoun	swe	Diepholz	properNoun	nor
Dierl	properNoun	swe	Dierl	properNoun	nor
Diessbach	properNoun	swe	Diessbach	properNoun	nor
Diesse	properNoun	swe	Diesse	properNoun	nor
Dietenheim	properNoun	swe	Dietenheim	properNoun	nor
Dietikon	properNoun	swe	Dietikon	properNoun	nor
Dietwil	properNoun	swe	Dietwil	properNoun	nor
Differdange	properNoun	swe	Differdange	properNoun	nor
Digah	properNoun	swe	Digah	properNoun	nor
Digora	properNoun	swe	Digora	properNoun	nor
Diksmuide	properNoun	swe	Diksmuide	properNoun	nor
Dimbach	properNoun	swe	Dimbach	properNoun	nor
Dimitrovgrad	properNoun	swe	Dimitrovgrad	properNoun	nor
Dimmelsvik	properNoun	swe	Dimmelsvik	properNoun	nor
Dimmuborgir	properNoun	swe	Dimmuborgir	properNoun	nor
Dimona	properNoun	swe	Dimona	properNoun	nor
Dimov Gate	properNoun	swe	Dimov Gate	properNoun	nor
Dinan	properNoun	swe	Dinan	properNoun	nor
Dinara	properNoun	swe	Dinara	properNoun	nor
Dinariska alperna	properNoun	swe	De dinariske alper	properNoun	nor
Dinariska alperna	properNoun	swe	Dei dinariske Alpane	properNoun	nor
Dingen	properNoun	swe	Dingen	properNoun	nor
Dingersjö	properNoun	swe	Dingersjö	properNoun	nor
Dingle Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Dingle Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Dingle	properNoun	swe	Dingle	properNoun	nor
Dinglehalvön	properNoun	swe	Dinglehalvøya	properNoun	nor
Dingolfing	properNoun	swe	Dingolfing	properNoun	nor
Dingtuna	properNoun	swe	Dingtuna	properNoun	nor
Dingxi	properNoun	swe	Dingxi	properNoun	nor
Dingzhou	properNoun	swe	Dingzhou	properNoun	nor
Dinhard	properNoun	swe	Dinhard	properNoun	nor
Dinkel	properNoun	swe	Dinkel	properNoun	nor
Dinklage	properNoun	swe	Dinklage	properNoun	nor
Dinslaken	properNoun	swe	Dinslaken	properNoun	nor
Dintikon	properNoun	swe	Dintikon	properNoun	nor
Diomedeöarna	properNoun	swe	Diomedesøyane	properNoun	nor
Diomedeöarna	properNoun	swe	Diomedesøyene	properNoun	nor
Dione Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Dione Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Director Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Director Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Dirphys	properNoun	swe	Dírfys	properNoun	nor
Dirtbag Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Dirtbag Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Disch Promontory	properNoun	swe	Disch Promontory	properNoun	nor
Discovery	properNoun	swe	Discovery	properNoun	nor
Diseröd	properNoun	swe	Diseröd	properNoun	nor
Disko	properNoun	swe	Disko	properNoun	nor
Disley	properNoun	swe	Disley	properNoun	nor
Dismal Mountains	properNoun	swe	Dismal Mountains	properNoun	nor
Disney Channel	properNoun	swe	Disney Channel	properNoun	nor
Disneyland	properNoun	swe	Disneyland	properNoun	nor
Diss	properNoun	swe	Diss	properNoun	nor
Dittingen	properNoun	swe	Dittingen	properNoun	nor
Ditzingen	properNoun	swe	Ditzingen	properNoun	nor
Ditzum	properNoun	swe	Ditzum	properNoun	nor
Diversion Hills	properNoun	swe	Diversion Hills	properNoun	nor
Divotino Point	properNoun	swe	Divotino Point	properNoun	nor
Dixey Rock	properNoun	swe	Dixey Rock	properNoun	nor
Dixey	properNoun	swe	Dixey	properNoun	nor
Diyarbakır	properNoun	swe	Diyarbakır	properNoun	nor
Diö	properNoun	swe	Diö	properNoun	nor
Djenné	properNoun	swe	Djenné	properNoun	nor
Djulö kvarn	properNoun	swe	Djulö kvarn	properNoun	nor
Djupån	properNoun	swe	Djupån	properNoun	nor
Djura	properNoun	swe	Djura	properNoun	nor
Djurgården	properNoun	swe	Djurgården	properNoun	nor
Djurgårdsbrunnskanalen	properNoun	swe	Djurgårdsbrunnskanalen	properNoun	nor
Djurgårdsbrunnsviken	properNoun	swe	Djurgårdsbrunnsviken	properNoun	nor
Djurmo	properNoun	swe	Djurmo	properNoun	nor
Djursdala	properNoun	swe	Djursdala	properNoun	nor
Djursholm	properNoun	swe	Djursholm	properNoun	nor
Djursholms begravningsplats	properNoun	swe	Djursholms begravningsplats	properNoun	nor
Djurås	properNoun	swe	Djurås	properNoun	nor
Djurö nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Djurö nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Djurö	properNoun	swe	Djurö	properNoun	nor
Dmitrov	properNoun	swe	Dmitrov	properNoun	nor
Dniprodzerzjynsk	properNoun	swe	Dniprodzerzjynsk	properNoun	nor
Dnipropetrovsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Dnipropetrovsk oblast	properNoun	nor
Dnipropetrovsk	properNoun	swe	Dnipropetrovsk	properNoun	nor
Doboj	properNoun	swe	Doboj	properNoun	nor
Dobritj	properNoun	swe	Dobritsj	properNoun	nor
Dobromiri	properNoun	swe	Dobromiri	properNoun	nor
Dobrzany	properNoun	swe	Dobrzany	properNoun	nor
Dobson Dome	properNoun	swe	Dobson Dome	properNoun	nor
Dockery	properNoun	swe	Dockery	properNoun	nor
Docksta	properNoun	swe	Docksta	properNoun	nor
Dodoma	properNoun	swe	Dodoma	properNoun	nor
Dodson Rocks	properNoun	swe	Dodson Rocks	properNoun	nor
Doe Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Doe Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Doesburg	properNoun	swe	Doesburg	properNoun	nor
Doescher Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Doescher Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Doetinchem	properNoun	swe	Doetinchem	properNoun	nor
Dogana	properNoun	swe	Dogana	properNoun	nor
Doggers Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Doggers Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Doggers bankar	properNoun	swe	Doggerbank	properNoun	nor
Doggo Defile	properNoun	swe	Doggo Defile	properNoun	nor
Dogwatch Saddle	properNoun	swe	Dogwatch Saddle	properNoun	nor
Doha	properNoun	swe	Doha	properNoun	nor
Dohle Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Dohle Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Dojransjön	properNoun	swe	Dojransjøen	properNoun	nor
Dokos	properNoun	swe	Dokós	properNoun	nor
Dolany	properNoun	swe	Dolany	properNoun	nor
Doldenhorn	properNoun	swe	Doldenhorn	properNoun	nor
Dole	properNoun	swe	Dole	properNoun	nor
Dolence	properNoun	swe	Dolence	properNoun	nor
Dolgoprudnyj	properNoun	swe	Dolgoprudnyj	properNoun	nor
Dolina Śmierci	properNoun	swe	Dolina Śmierci	properNoun	nor
Dolinsk	properNoun	swe	Dolinsk	properNoun	nor
Dolj	properNoun	swe	Dolj	properNoun	nor
Dollart	properNoun	swe	Dollart	properNoun	nor
Dollerup	properNoun	swe	Dollerup	properNoun	nor
Dolno Dupeni	properNoun	swe	Dolno Dupeni	properNoun	nor
Dolno Orehovo	properNoun	swe	Dolno Orehovo	properNoun	nor
Dolomiterna	properNoun	swe	Dolomittane	properNoun	nor
Dolomiterna	properNoun	swe	Dolomittene	properNoun	nor
Dolynivka	properNoun	swe	Dolynivka	properNoun	nor
Dom	properNoun	swe	Dom	properNoun	nor
Domagnano	properNoun	swe	Domagnano	properNoun	nor
Dombresson	properNoun	swe	Dombresson	properNoun	nor
Domdidier	properNoun	swe	Domdidier	properNoun	nor
Dome Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Dome Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Dometa Point	properNoun	swe	Dometa Point	properNoun	nor
Domleschg	properNoun	swe	Domleschg	properNoun	nor
Domodedovo	properNoun	swe	Domodedovo	properNoun	nor
Dompierre	properNoun	swe	Dompierre	properNoun	nor
Domsten	properNoun	swe	Domsten	properNoun	nor
Don Juan Pond	properNoun	swe	Don Juan Pond	properNoun	nor
Don Pedro Christophersen	properNoun	swe	Don Pedro Christophersen	properNoun	nor
Don Quixote Pond	properNoun	swe	Don Quixote Pond	properNoun	nor
Donat	properNoun	swe	Donat	properNoun	nor
Donaudeltat	properNoun	swe	Donaudeltaet	properNoun	nor
Donaueschingen	properNoun	swe	Donaueschingen	properNoun	nor
Donauwörth	properNoun	swe	Donauwörth	properNoun	nor
Doncaster	properNoun	swe	Doncaster	properNoun	nor
Donegal	properNoun	swe	Donegal	properNoun	nor
Donetsbäckenet	properNoun	swe	Donetsbekkenet	properNoun	nor
Donetsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Donetsk oblast	properNoun	nor
Donetsk	properNoun	swe	Donetsk	properNoun	nor
Dong Hoi flygplats	properNoun	swe	Dong Hoi lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Dong Hoi flygplats	properNoun	swe	Dong Hoi lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Dong Hoi	properNoun	swe	Dong Hoi	properNoun	nor
Dongguan	properNoun	swe	Dongguan	properNoun	nor
Dongying	properNoun	swe	Dongying	properNoun	nor
Donji Kraljevec	properNoun	swe	Donji Kraljevec	properNoun	nor
Donk	properNoun	swe	Donk	properNoun	nor
Donner Valley	properNoun	swe	Donner Valley	properNoun	nor
Donop	properNoun	swe	Donop	properNoun	nor
Donskoj	properNoun	swe	Donskoj	properNoun	nor
Donsö	properNoun	swe	Donsö	properNoun	nor
Donzdorf	properNoun	swe	Donzdorf	properNoun	nor
Doolittle Massif	properNoun	swe	Doolittle Massif	properNoun	nor
Dooradoyle	properNoun	swe	Dooradoyle	properNoun	nor
Doorly	properNoun	swe	Doorly	properNoun	nor
Doppler Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Doppler Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Doran Stream	properNoun	swe	Doran Stream	properNoun	nor
Dorchester	properNoun	swe	Dorchester	properNoun	nor
Dordogne	properNoun	swe	Dordogne	properNoun	nor
Dordrecht	properNoun	swe	Dordrecht	properNoun	nor
Dorestad	properNoun	swe	Dorestad	properNoun	nor
Dorking	properNoun	swe	Dorking	properNoun	nor
Dormagen	properNoun	swe	Dormagen	properNoun	nor
Dorn	properNoun	swe	Dorn	properNoun	nor
Dornach	properNoun	swe	Dornach	properNoun	nor
Dornberg	properNoun	swe	Dornberg	properNoun	nor
Dornbirner Ach	properNoun	swe	Dornbirner Ach	properNoun	nor
Dornbirner Ach	properNoun	swe	Dornbirner Ache	properNoun	nor
Dornburg	properNoun	swe	Dornburg	properNoun	nor
Dornbusch	properNoun	swe	Dornbusch	properNoun	nor
Dorneck	properNoun	swe	Dorneck	properNoun	nor
Dorney Lake	properNoun	swe	Dorney Lake	properNoun	nor
Dorney	properNoun	swe	Dorney	properNoun	nor
Dornheim	properNoun	swe	Dornheim	properNoun	nor
Dorotea kommun	properNoun	swe	Dorotea kommune	properNoun	nor
Dorp	properNoun	swe	Dorp	properNoun	nor
Dorrel Rock	properNoun	swe	Dorrel Rock	properNoun	nor
Dorset	properNoun	swe	Dorset	properNoun	nor
Dorsey Mountains	properNoun	swe	Dorsey Mountains	properNoun	nor
Dorsten	properNoun	swe	Dorsten	properNoun	nor
Dorstfeld	properNoun	swe	Dorstfeld	properNoun	nor
Dorum	properNoun	swe	Dorum	properNoun	nor
Dory Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Dory Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Dos Hermanas	properNoun	swe	Dos Hermanas	properNoun	nor
Dose	properNoun	swe	Dose	properNoun	nor
Dospat	properNoun	swe	Dospat	properNoun	nor
Dosse	properNoun	swe	Dosse	properNoun	nor
Dotternhausen	properNoun	swe	Dotternhausen	properNoun	nor
Dottikon	properNoun	swe	Dottikon	properNoun	nor
Dotzigen	properNoun	swe	Dotzigen	properNoun	nor
Douai	properNoun	swe	Douai	properNoun	nor
Douanier Rock	properNoun	swe	Douanier Rock	properNoun	nor
Double Bay	properNoun	swe	Double Bay	properNoun	nor
Douglas Gap	properNoun	swe	Douglas Gap	properNoun	nor
Doumani	properNoun	swe	Doumani	properNoun	nor
Doumer Hill	properNoun	swe	Doumer Hill	properNoun	nor
Douville	properNoun	swe	Douville	properNoun	nor
Doverkanalen	properNoun	swe	Doverstredet	properNoun	nor
Doverkanalen	properNoun	swe	Doversundet	properNoun	nor
Dovers vita klippor	properNoun	swe	De hvite klippene ved Dover	properNoun	nor
Dovers vita klippor	properNoun	swe	Dei kvite klippene ved Dover	properNoun	nor
Dovre nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Dovre nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Dow Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Dow Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Dowie	properNoun	swe	Dowie	properNoun	nor
Down	properNoun	swe	Down	properNoun	nor
Downe	properNoun	swe	Downe	properNoun	nor
Downham Market	properNoun	swe	Downham Market	properNoun	nor
Downham	properNoun	swe	Downham	properNoun	nor
Downs Cone	properNoun	swe	Downs Cone	properNoun	nor
Downs Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Downs Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Dozwil	properNoun	swe	Dozwil	properNoun	nor
Drachenfels	properNoun	swe	Drachenfels	properNoun	nor
Draeger	properNoun	swe	Draeger	properNoun	nor
Dragon Beach	properNoun	swe	Dragon Beach	properNoun	nor
Dragsholms kommun	properNoun	swe	Dragsholm kommune	properNoun	nor
Draguignan	properNoun	swe	Draguignan	properNoun	nor
Dragørs kommun	properNoun	swe	Dragør kommune	properNoun	nor
Drake Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Drake Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Drake University	properNoun	swe	Drake University	properNoun	nor
Drakes sund	properNoun	swe	Drakestredet	properNoun	nor
Drakes sund	properNoun	swe	Drakesundet	properNoun	nor
Drancy	properNoun	swe	Drancy	properNoun	nor
Drangey	properNoun	swe	Drangey	properNoun	nor
Dransfeld	properNoun	swe	Dransfeld	properNoun	nor
Drava	properNoun	swe	Drava	properNoun	nor
Draves Point	properNoun	swe	Draves Point	properNoun	nor
Dreadnought Point	properNoun	swe	Dreadnought Point	properNoun	nor
Dreary Isthmus	properNoun	swe	Dreary Isthmus	properNoun	nor
Drebach	properNoun	swe	Drebach	properNoun	nor
Dreiberg	properNoun	swe	Dreiberg	properNoun	nor
Dreieckhorn	properNoun	swe	Dreieckhorn	properNoun	nor
Dreierwalde	properNoun	swe	Dreierwalde	properNoun	nor
Dreiländerspitze	properNoun	swe	Dreiländerspitze	properNoun	nor
Dreisbach	properNoun	swe	Dreisbach	properNoun	nor
Dreißigacker	properNoun	swe	Dreißigacker	properNoun	nor
Drensteinfurt	properNoun	swe	Drensteinfurt	properNoun	nor
Drevviken	properNoun	swe	Drevviken	properNoun	nor
Dreye	properNoun	swe	Dreye	properNoun	nor
Driesch	properNoun	swe	Driesch	properNoun	nor
Driffield	properNoun	swe	Driffield	properNoun	nor
Drini	properNoun	swe	Drin	properNoun	nor
Driscoll Point	properNoun	swe	Driscoll Point	properNoun	nor
Drochtersen	properNoun	swe	Drochtersen	properNoun	nor
Drogheda	properNoun	swe	Drogheda	properNoun	nor
Drohobytsj	properNoun	swe	Drohobytsj	properNoun	nor
Droitwich Spa	properNoun	swe	Droitwich Spa	properNoun	nor
Drolshagen	properNoun	swe	Drolshagen	properNoun	nor
Dronfield	properNoun	swe	Dronfield	properNoun	nor
Drong Hill	properNoun	swe	Drong Hill	properNoun	nor
Dronning Maud Land	properNoun	swe	Dronning Maud Land	properNoun	nor
Drottning Elizabeths land	properNoun	swe	Queen Elizabeth Land	properNoun	nor
Drottningholms slott	properNoun	swe	Drottningholms slott	properNoun	nor
Drottningskär	properNoun	swe	Drottningskär	properNoun	nor
Druffel	properNoun	swe	Druffel	properNoun	nor
Drum Rock	properNoun	swe	Drum Rock	properNoun	nor
Drumlin	properNoun	swe	Drumlin	properNoun	nor
Drummondville	properNoun	swe	Drummondville	properNoun	nor
Drune Hill	properNoun	swe	Drune Hill	properNoun	nor
Drury Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Drury Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Drusberg	properNoun	swe	Druesberg	properNoun	nor
Drusenfluh	properNoun	swe	Drusenfluh	properNoun	nor
Druten	properNoun	swe	Druten	properNoun	nor
Druzjkivka	properNoun	swe	Druzjkivka	properNoun	nor
Dryanovo Heights	properNoun	swe	Dryanovo Heights	properNoun	nor
Drygalskiberge	properNoun	swe	Drygalskifjella	properNoun	nor
Drying	properNoun	swe	Drying	properNoun	nor
Drängsmark	properNoun	swe	Drängsmark	properNoun	nor
Drättehorn	properNoun	swe	Drättehorn	properNoun	nor
Drôme	properNoun	swe	Drôme	properNoun	nor
Du Toit Mountains	properNoun	swe	Du Toit Mountains	properNoun	nor
Du Toit Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Du Toit Nunataks	properNoun	nor
DuBridge Range	properNoun	swe	DuBridge Range	properNoun	nor
DuFief	properNoun	swe	DuFief	properNoun	nor
DuPont	properNoun	swe	DuPont	properNoun	nor
Dubna	properNoun	swe	Dubna	properNoun	nor
Dubno	properNoun	swe	Dubno	properNoun	nor
Dubouzet	properNoun	swe	Dubouzet	properNoun	nor
Dubris Valley	properNoun	swe	Dubris Valley	properNoun	nor
Dubrovka	properNoun	swe	Dubrovka	properNoun	nor
Duclaux	properNoun	swe	Duclaux	properNoun	nor
Ducorps	properNoun	swe	Ducorps	properNoun	nor
Dudelange	properNoun	swe	Dudelange	properNoun	nor
Duderstadt	properNoun	swe	Duderstadt	properNoun	nor
Dudinka	properNoun	swe	Dudinka	properNoun	nor
Dudley	properNoun	swe	Dudley	properNoun	nor
Duemler	properNoun	swe	Duemler	properNoun	nor
Duero	properNoun	swe	Douro	properNoun	nor
Dufek Coast	properNoun	swe	Dufek Coast	properNoun	nor
Dufek Head	properNoun	swe	Dufek Head	properNoun	nor
Dufekfjellet	properNoun	swe	Dufekfjellet	properNoun	nor
Dufftown	properNoun	swe	Dufftown	properNoun	nor
Dufourspitze	properNoun	swe	Dufourspitze	properNoun	nor
Duggingen	properNoun	swe	Duggingen	properNoun	nor
Dugi otok	properNoun	swe	Dugi Otok	properNoun	nor
Dugi otok	properNoun	swe	Dugi otok	properNoun	nor
Duillier	properNoun	swe	Duillier	properNoun	nor
Duingen	properNoun	swe	Duingen	properNoun	nor
Dukhan	properNoun	swe	Dukhan	properNoun	nor
Dulliken	properNoun	swe	Dulliken	properNoun	nor
Dully	properNoun	swe	Dully	properNoun	nor
Dulo Hill	properNoun	swe	Dulo Hill	properNoun	nor
Duma	properNoun	swe	Duma	properNoun	nor
Dumais	properNoun	swe	Dumais	properNoun	nor
Dumbarton	properNoun	swe	Dumbarton	properNoun	nor
Dumbrăveni	properNoun	swe	Dumbrăveni	properNoun	nor
Dumfries and Galloway	properNoun	swe	Dumfries and Galloway	properNoun	nor
Dumont d’Urvillehavet	properNoun	swe	D'Urvillehavet	properNoun	nor
Dumoutier	properNoun	swe	Dumoutier	properNoun	nor
Dumpe	properNoun	swe	Dumpe	properNoun	nor
Dunaújváros	properNoun	swe	Dunaújváros	properNoun	nor
Dunbar Ridge	properNoun	swe	Dunbar Ridge	properNoun	nor
Dunbar	properNoun	swe	Dunbar	properNoun	nor
Dunblane	properNoun	swe	Dunblane	properNoun	nor
Duncan Mountains	properNoun	swe	Duncan Mountains	properNoun	nor
Duncansby Head	properNoun	swe	Duncansby Head	properNoun	nor
Dundalk	properNoun	swe	Dundalk	properNoun	nor
Dundee	properNoun	swe	Dundee	properNoun	nor
Dunedin	properNoun	swe	Dunedin	properNoun	nor
Dunfermline	properNoun	swe	Dunfermline	properNoun	nor
Dunikowski Ridge	properNoun	swe	Dunikowski Ridge	properNoun	nor
Dunkeld	properNoun	swe	Dunkeld	properNoun	nor
Dunnottar Castle	properNoun	swe	Dunnottar Castle	properNoun	nor
Dunstable	properNoun	swe	Dunstable	properNoun	nor
Dunsum	properNoun	swe	Dunsum	properNoun	nor
Dunö	properNoun	swe	Dunö	properNoun	nor
Duorraiauretje	properNoun	swe	Duorraiauretje	properNoun	nor
Duparc Rocks	properNoun	swe	Duparc Rocks	properNoun	nor
Dupnitsa Point	properNoun	swe	Dupnitsa Point	properNoun	nor
Durance	properNoun	swe	Durance	properNoun	nor
Durango	properNoun	swe	Durango	properNoun	nor
Duratón	properNoun	swe	Duratón	properNoun	nor
Duraykīsh	properNoun	swe	Duraykish	properNoun	nor
Durlach	properNoun	swe	Durlach	properNoun	nor
Durmitor	properNoun	swe	Durmitor	properNoun	nor
Dushi	properNoun	swe	Dushi	properNoun	nor
Dusjanbe	properNoun	swe	Dusjanbe	properNoun	nor
Dusky Ledge	properNoun	swe	Dusky Ledge	properNoun	nor
Dusky Ridge	properNoun	swe	Dusky Ridge	properNoun	nor
Duthiers	properNoun	swe	Duthiers	properNoun	nor
Dutton	properNoun	swe	Dutton	properNoun	nor
Duved	properNoun	swe	Duved	properNoun	nor
Duveholmssjön	properNoun	swe	Duveholmssjön	properNoun	nor
Duvenstedt	properNoun	swe	Duvenstedt	properNoun	nor
Duvin	properNoun	swe	Duvin	properNoun	nor
Duyvis Point	properNoun	swe	Duyvis Point	properNoun	nor
Dußlingen	properNoun	swe	Dußlingen	properNoun	nor
Dvärsätt	properNoun	swe	Dvärsätt	properNoun	nor
Dwyer Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Dwyer Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Dyer Plateau	properNoun	swe	Dyer Plateau	properNoun	nor
Dykeman Point	properNoun	swe	Dykeman Point	properNoun	nor
Dyngö	properNoun	swe	Dyngö	properNoun	nor
Dynnastenen	properNoun	swe	Dynnasteinen	properNoun	nor
Dypvågs kyrka	properNoun	swe	Dybvåg kirke	properNoun	nor
Dypvågs kyrka	properNoun	swe	Dypvåg kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Dyrup	properNoun	swe	Dyrup	properNoun	nor
Dyvelsten	properNoun	swe	Dyvelsten	properNoun	nor
Dyvik	properNoun	swe	Dyvik	properNoun	nor
Dzerzjinsk	properNoun	swe	Dzerzjinsk	properNoun	nor
Džinibeg	properNoun	swe	Dzini Beg	properNoun	nor
Dziura Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Dziura Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Dziwna	properNoun	swe	Dziwna	properNoun	nor
Dzjanga	properNoun	swe	Dzjanga	properNoun	nor
Dzjankoj	properNoun	swe	Dzjankoj	properNoun	nor
Dzjimara	properNoun	swe	Dzjimara	properNoun	nor
Dägerlen	properNoun	swe	Dägerlen	properNoun	nor
Dällikon	properNoun	swe	Dällikon	properNoun	nor
Dänholm	properNoun	swe	Dänholm	properNoun	nor
Däniken	properNoun	swe	Däniken	properNoun	nor
Dänikhorst	properNoun	swe	Dänikhorst	properNoun	nor
Därligen	properNoun	swe	Därligen	properNoun	nor
Därstetten	properNoun	swe	Därstetten	properNoun	nor
Dåfjorden	properNoun	swe	Dåfjorden	properNoun	nor
Dålkøy	properNoun	swe	Dålkøy	properNoun	nor
Dælivannet	properNoun	swe	Dælivannet	properNoun	nor
Dæmonen	properNoun	swe	Dæmonen	properNoun	nor
Démoret	properNoun	swe	Démoret	properNoun	nor
Döda fallet	properNoun	swe	Döda fallet	properNoun	nor
Döda havet	properNoun	swe	Daudehavet	properNoun	nor
Dødehavet	properNoun	swe	Dødehavet	properNoun	nor
Döda havet	properNoun	swe	Dødehavet	properNoun	nor
Dödahavsrullarna	properNoun	swe	Dødehavsrullane	properNoun	nor
Dödahavsrullarna	properNoun	swe	Dødehavsrullene	properNoun	nor
Dömitz	properNoun	swe	Dömitz	properNoun	nor
Dörentrup	properNoun	swe	Dörentrup	properNoun	nor
Dörnberg	properNoun	swe	Dörnberg	properNoun	nor
Dörpfeld	properNoun	swe	Dörpfeld	properNoun	nor
Dörverden	properNoun	swe	Dörverden	properNoun	nor
Dösjebro	properNoun	swe	Dösjebro	properNoun	nor
Döttingen	properNoun	swe	Döttingen	properNoun	nor
Düdingen	properNoun	swe	Düdingen	properNoun	nor
Dülken	properNoun	swe	Dülken	properNoun	nor
Dülmen	properNoun	swe	Dülmen	properNoun	nor
Dümmer	properNoun	swe	Dümmer	properNoun	nor
Dündenhorn	properNoun	swe	Dündenhorn	properNoun	nor
Düren	properNoun	swe	Düren	properNoun	nor
Dürnau	properNoun	swe	Dürnau	properNoun	nor
Dürrenbach	properNoun	swe	Dürrenbach	properNoun	nor
Dürrenroth	properNoun	swe	Dürrenroth	properNoun	nor
Dürrenäsch	properNoun	swe	Dürrenäsch	properNoun	nor
Düssel	properNoun	swe	Düssel	properNoun	nor
Düzce	properNoun	swe	Düzce	properNoun	nor
Dąbiesjön	properNoun	swe	Dąbiesjøen	properNoun	nor
Dąbrowa Górnicza	properNoun	swe	Dąbrowa Górnicza	properNoun	nor
Dědice	properNoun	swe	Dědice	properNoun	nor
E14	properNoun	swe	E14	properNoun	nor
E16	properNoun	swe	E16	properNoun	nor
E18	properNoun	swe	E18	properNoun	nor
E1	properNoun	swe	E1	properNoun	nor
E22	properNoun	swe	E22	properNoun	nor
E3	properNoun	swe	E3	properNoun	nor
E4	properNoun	swe	E4	properNoun	nor
E69	properNoun	swe	E69	properNoun	nor
EISCAT	properNoun	swe	EISCAT	properNoun	nor
ENIAC	properNoun	swe	ENIAC	properNoun	nor
Eagle River	properNoun	swe	Eagle River	properNoun	nor
Eaglesham	properNoun	swe	Eaglesham	properNoun	nor
Ealing	properNoun	swe	Ealing	properNoun	nor
Easington	properNoun	swe	Easington	properNoun	nor
Easingwold	properNoun	swe	Easingwold	properNoun	nor
East Anglia	properNoun	swe	East Anglia	properNoun	nor
East Ayrshire	properNoun	swe	East Ayrshire	properNoun	nor
East Beacon	properNoun	swe	East Beacon	properNoun	nor
East Burra	properNoun	swe	East Burra	properNoun	nor
East Dunbartonshire	properNoun	swe	East Dunbartonshire	properNoun	nor
East Egerton	properNoun	swe	East Egerton	properNoun	nor
East Grinstead	properNoun	swe	East Grinstead	properNoun	nor
East Ham	properNoun	swe	East Ham	properNoun	nor
East Kilbride	properNoun	swe	East Kilbride	properNoun	nor
East Lansing	properNoun	swe	East Lansing	properNoun	nor
East Lothian	properNoun	swe	East Lothian	properNoun	nor
East Midlands	properNoun	swe	Aust-Midlands	properNoun	nor
East Midlands	properNoun	swe	Øst-Midlands	properNoun	nor
East New Britain	properNoun	swe	East New Britain	properNoun	nor
East Providence	properNoun	swe	East Providence	properNoun	nor
East Quartzite Range	properNoun	swe	East Quartzite Range	properNoun	nor
East Renfrewshire	properNoun	swe	East Renfrewshire	properNoun	nor
East Riding of Yorkshire	properNoun	swe	East Riding of Yorkshire	properNoun	nor
East Sheen	properNoun	swe	East Sheen	properNoun	nor
East Sussex	properNoun	swe	East Sussex	properNoun	nor
Eastbourne	properNoun	swe	Eastbourne	properNoun	nor
Eastcote	properNoun	swe	Eastcote	properNoun	nor
Eastface Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Eastface Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Eastleigh	properNoun	swe	Eastleigh	properNoun	nor
Ebel	properNoun	swe	Ebel	properNoun	nor
Ebeltoft	properNoun	swe	Ebeltoft kommune	properNoun	nor
Ebenalp	properNoun	swe	Ebenalp	properNoun	nor
Eberg	properNoun	swe	Eberg	properNoun	nor
Ebermannstadt	properNoun	swe	Ebermannstadt	properNoun	nor
Ebersbach an der Fils	properNoun	swe	Ebersbach an der Fils	properNoun	nor
Ebersecken	properNoun	swe	Ebersecken	properNoun	nor
Eberstadt	properNoun	swe	Eberstadt	properNoun	nor
Eblen Hills	properNoun	swe	Eblen Hills	properNoun	nor
Ebnet	properNoun	swe	Ebnet	properNoun	nor
Ebro	properNoun	swe	Ebro	properNoun	nor
Echandens	properNoun	swe	Echandens	properNoun	nor
Echarlens	properNoun	swe	Echarlens	properNoun	nor
Echichens	properNoun	swe	Echichens	properNoun	nor
Eckener	properNoun	swe	Eckener	properNoun	nor
Eckernfördebukten	properNoun	swe	Eckernfördebukta	properNoun	nor
Eckfeld	properNoun	swe	Eckfeld	properNoun	nor
Eckins Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Eckins Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Eclépens	properNoun	swe	Eclépens	properNoun	nor
Ecser	properNoun	swe	Ecser	properNoun	nor
Ecublens	properNoun	swe	Ecublens	properNoun	nor
Ed	properNoun	swe	Ed	properNoun	nor
Eda glasbruk	properNoun	swe	Eda glasbruk	properNoun	nor
Eda kommun	properNoun	swe	Eda kommun	properNoun	nor
Eda kommun	properNoun	swe	Eda	properNoun	nor
Edane	properNoun	swe	Edane	properNoun	nor
Eday	properNoun	swe	Eday	properNoun	nor
Eddystone	properNoun	swe	Eddystone	properNoun	nor
Ede	properNoun	swe	Ede	properNoun	nor
Edebäck	properNoun	swe	Edebäck	properNoun	nor
Ederswiler	properNoun	swe	Ederswiler	properNoun	nor
Edewecht	properNoun	swe	Edewecht	properNoun	nor
Edgartown	properNoun	swe	Edgartown	properNoun	nor
Edge Rocks	properNoun	swe	Edge Rocks	properNoun	nor
Edgell	properNoun	swe	Edgell	properNoun	nor
Edgeøya	properNoun	swe	Edgeøya	properNoun	nor
Edholm	properNoun	swe	Edholm	properNoun	nor
Ediacara	properNoun	swe	Ediacara	properNoun	nor
Edifício Altino Arantes	properNoun	swe	Edifício Altino Arantes	properNoun	nor
Edifício Itália	properNoun	swe	Edifício Itália	properNoun	nor
Edison Theatre	properNoun	swe	Edison Theatre	properNoun	nor
Edixon	properNoun	swe	Edixon	properNoun	nor
Edmond	properNoun	swe	Edmond	properNoun	nor
Edmonson Point	properNoun	swe	Edmonson Point	properNoun	nor
Edsbro	properNoun	swe	Edsbro	properNoun	nor
Edsbruk	properNoun	swe	Edsbruk	properNoun	nor
Edsbyn	properNoun	swe	Edsbyn	properNoun	nor
Edson Hills	properNoun	swe	Edson Hills	properNoun	nor
Edsvalla	properNoun	swe	Edsvalla	properNoun	nor
Edsviken	properNoun	swe	Edsviken	properNoun	nor
Eduardo Frei	properNoun	swe	Eduardo Frei	properNoun	nor
Edward Ridge	properNoun	swe	Edward Ridge	properNoun	nor
Edwards Air Force Base	properNoun	swe	Edwards Air Force Base	properNoun	nor
Edwards Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Edwards Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Eem	properNoun	swe	Eem	properNoun	nor
Eemmeer	properNoun	swe	Eemmeer	properNoun	nor
Efesos	properNoun	swe	Efesos	properNoun	nor
Effenberg	properNoun	swe	Effenberg	properNoun	nor
Effingen	properNoun	swe	Effingen	properNoun	nor
Efteløts kyrka	properNoun	swe	Efteløt kirke	properNoun	nor
Efteløts kyrka	properNoun	swe	Efteløt kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Egadiska öarna	properNoun	swe	De egadiske øyer	properNoun	nor
Egadiska öarna	properNoun	swe	Dei egadiske øyane	properNoun	nor
Egedals kommun	properNoun	swe	Egedal kommune	properNoun	nor
Egeiska havet	properNoun	swe	Egearhavet	properNoun	nor
Egeerhavet	properNoun	swe	Egeerhavet	properNoun	nor
Egeiska havet	properNoun	swe	Egeerhavet	properNoun	nor
Egentliga Finland	properNoun	swe	Egentliga Finland	properNoun	nor
Eger	properNoun	swe	Eger	properNoun	nor
Eggby	properNoun	swe	Eggby	properNoun	nor
Eggegebirge	properNoun	swe	Eggegebirge	properNoun	nor
Eggel	properNoun	swe	Eggel	properNoun	nor
Eggenwil	properNoun	swe	Eggenwil	properNoun	nor
Egginer	properNoun	swe	Egginer	properNoun	nor
Eggishorn	properNoun	swe	Eggishorn	properNoun	nor
Eggiwil	properNoun	swe	Eggiwil	properNoun	nor
Eggstock	properNoun	swe	Eggstock	properNoun	nor
Egholm	properNoun	swe	Egholm	properNoun	nor
Egilnuten	properNoun	swe	Egilnuten	properNoun	nor
Egina	properNoun	swe	Egina	properNoun	nor
Egina	properNoun	swe	Éjina	properNoun	nor
Egliswil	properNoun	swe	Egliswil	properNoun	nor
Egolzwil	properNoun	swe	Egolzwil	properNoun	nor
Egtved	properNoun	swe	Egtved	properNoun	nor
Egyptiska museet	properNoun	swe	Det egyptiske museet	properNoun	nor
Egyptiska revolutionen 2011	properNoun	swe	Den egyptiske revolusjonen i 2011	properNoun	nor
Ehlers Knob	properNoun	swe	Ehlers Knob	properNoun	nor
Ehningen	properNoun	swe	Ehningen	properNoun	nor
Ehrenberg	properNoun	swe	Ehrenberg	properNoun	nor
Ehrenburg	properNoun	swe	Ehrenburg	properNoun	nor
Ehrendingen	properNoun	swe	Ehrendingen	properNoun	nor
Ehrenhausen	properNoun	swe	Ehrenhausen	properNoun	nor
Eibach	properNoun	swe	Eibach	properNoun	nor
Eibar	properNoun	swe	Eibar	properNoun	nor
Eich	properNoun	swe	Eich	properNoun	nor
Eichen	properNoun	swe	Eichen	properNoun	nor
Eichenberg	properNoun	swe	Eichenberg	properNoun	nor
Eichholz	properNoun	swe	Eichholz	properNoun	nor
Eichsfeld	properNoun	swe	Eichsfeld	properNoun	nor
Eicken	properNoun	swe	Eicken	properNoun	nor
Eidsborgs stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Eidsborg stavkirke	properNoun	nor
Eidsborgs stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Eidsborg stavkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Eidsvolls kyrka	properNoun	swe	Eidsvoll kirke	properNoun	nor
Eidsvolls kyrka	properNoun	swe	Eidsvoll kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Eidsvolls plass	properNoun	swe	Eidsvolls plass	properNoun	nor
Eidum	properNoun	swe	Eidum	properNoun	nor
Eiffeltårnet	properNoun	swe	Eiffeltårnet	properNoun	nor
Eiffeltornet	properNoun	swe	Eiffeltårnet	properNoun	nor
Eigen	properNoun	swe	Eigen	properNoun	nor
Eiger	properNoun	swe	Eiger	properNoun	nor
Eigersunds kommun	properNoun	swe	Eigersund kommune	properNoun	nor
Eigersunds kommun	properNoun	swe	Eigersund	properNoun	nor
Eigg	properNoun	swe	Eigg	properNoun	nor
Eights	properNoun	swe	Eights	properNoun	nor
Eijkman Point	properNoun	swe	Eijkman Point	properNoun	nor
Eijsden	properNoun	swe	Eijsden	properNoun	nor
Eilean Donan	properNoun	swe	Eilean Donan	properNoun	nor
Eilenburg	properNoun	swe	Eilenburg	properNoun	nor
Einangstenen	properNoun	swe	Einangsteinen	properNoun	nor
Einbeck	properNoun	swe	Einbeck	properNoun	nor
Einen	properNoun	swe	Einen	properNoun	nor
Einsiedeln	properNoun	swe	Einsiedeln	properNoun	nor
Einstøingen	properNoun	swe	Einstødingen	properNoun	nor
Einthoven Hill	properNoun	swe	Einthoven Hill	properNoun	nor
Eisbach	properNoun	swe	Eisbach	properNoun	nor
Eisberg Head	properNoun	swe	Eisberg Head	properNoun	nor
Eisbergen	properNoun	swe	Eisbergen	properNoun	nor
Eisenberg	properNoun	swe	Eisenberg	properNoun	nor
Eisenerz	properNoun	swe	Eisenerz	properNoun	nor
Eisenhower Range	properNoun	swe	Eisenhower Range	properNoun	nor
Eisenhüttenstadt	properNoun	swe	Eisenhüttenstadt	properNoun	nor
Eisfeld	properNoun	swe	Eisfeld	properNoun	nor
Eisleben	properNoun	swe	Eisleben	properNoun	nor
Eisriesenwelt	properNoun	swe	Eisriesenwelt	properNoun	nor
Eissinger	properNoun	swe	Eissinger	properNoun	nor
Eiterfeld	properNoun	swe	Eiterfeld	properNoun	nor
Eiterfeld	properNoun	swe	Eiterfled	properNoun	nor
Eitorf	properNoun	swe	Eitorf	properNoun	nor
Ejer Bavnehøj	properNoun	swe	Ejer Bavnehøj	properNoun	nor
Ekblaw	properNoun	swe	Ekblaw	properNoun	nor
Ekeby	properNoun	swe	Ekeby	properNoun	nor
Ekedalen	properNoun	swe	Ekedalen	properNoun	nor
Ekenässjön	properNoun	swe	Ekenässjön	properNoun	nor
Ekerö kommun	properNoun	swe	Ekerö kommune	properNoun	nor
Ekerö sommarstad	properNoun	swe	Ekerö sommarstad	properNoun	nor
Ekerö	properNoun	swe	Ekerö	properNoun	nor
Eket	properNoun	swe	Eket	properNoun	nor
Ekshärad	properNoun	swe	Ekshärad	properNoun	nor
Eksjö kommun	properNoun	swe	Eksjö kommune	properNoun	nor
Eksjö	properNoun	swe	Eksjö	properNoun	nor
Ekströms shelfis	properNoun	swe	Ekströmisen	properNoun	nor
Ekvator	properNoun	swe	Ekvator	properNoun	nor
Ekvator	properNoun	swe	ekvator	properNoun	nor
Ekängen	properNoun	swe	Ekängen	properNoun	nor
El Capitan	properNoun	swe	El Capitan	properNoun	nor
El Durazno	properNoun	swe	El Durazno	properNoun	nor
El Escorial	properNoun	swe	El Escorial	properNoun	nor
El Hierro	properNoun	swe	El Hierro	properNoun	nor
El Paso	properNoun	swe	El Paso	properNoun	nor
El Prat de Llobregat	properNoun	swe	El Prat de Llobregat	properNoun	nor
El Puerto de Santa María	properNoun	swe	El Puerto de Santa María	properNoun	nor
El Salvador	properNoun	swe	El Salvador	properNoun	nor
Elafitiöarna	properNoun	swe	Elafitiøyane	properNoun	nor
Elafitiöarna	properNoun	swe	Elafitiøyene	properNoun	nor
Eland Mountains	properNoun	swe	Eland Mountains	properNoun	nor
Elazığ	properNoun	swe	Elâzığ	properNoun	nor
Elba	properNoun	swe	Elba	properNoun	nor
Elbach	properNoun	swe	Elbach	properNoun	nor
Elbasan	properNoun	swe	Elbasan	properNoun	nor
Elberfeld	properNoun	swe	Elberfeld	properNoun	nor
Elberg	properNoun	swe	Elberg	properNoun	nor
Elbingerode	properNoun	swe	Elbingerode	properNoun	nor
Elbląg	properNoun	swe	Elbląg	properNoun	nor
Elbrus	properNoun	swe	Elbrus	properNoun	nor
Elbsandsteingebirge	properNoun	swe	Elbsandsteingebirge	properNoun	nor
Elburg	properNoun	swe	Elburg	properNoun	nor
Elburz	properNoun	swe	Elburz	properNoun	nor
Elburz	properNoun	swe	Elburzfjellene	properNoun	nor
Elche	properNoun	swe	Elche	properNoun	nor
Elde	properNoun	swe	Elde	properNoun	nor
Elderslie	properNoun	swe	Elderslie	properNoun	nor
Eldey	properNoun	swe	Eldey	properNoun	nor
Eldfell	properNoun	swe	Eldfell	properNoun	nor
Eldgjá	properNoun	swe	Eldgjá	properNoun	nor
Eldingen	properNoun	swe	Eldingen	properNoun	nor
Eldred Point	properNoun	swe	Eldred Point	properNoun	nor
Eldsberga	properNoun	swe	Eldsberga	properNoun	nor
Eldslandet	properNoun	swe	Eldlandet	properNoun	nor
Ildlandet	properNoun	swe	Ildlandet	properNoun	nor
Eldslandet	properNoun	swe	Ildlandet	properNoun	nor
Eldslandet	properNoun	swe	Tierra del Fuego	properNoun	nor
Electronic Arts	properNoun	swe	Electronic Arts	properNoun	nor
Elefantön	properNoun	swe	Elefantøya	properNoun	nor
Elektrostal	properNoun	swe	Elektrostal	properNoun	nor
Elemag Point	properNoun	swe	Elemag Point	properNoun	nor
Elend	properNoun	swe	Elend	properNoun	nor
Elephant Flats	properNoun	swe	Elephant Flats	properNoun	nor
Elevation Point	properNoun	swe	Elevation Point	properNoun	nor
Elfingen	properNoun	swe	Elfingen	properNoun	nor
Elgar Uplands	properNoun	swe	Elgar Uplands	properNoun	nor
Elgersburg	properNoun	swe	Elgersburg	properNoun	nor
Elghammar	properNoun	swe	Elghammar	properNoun	nor
Elgin	properNoun	swe	Elgin	properNoun	nor
Elimä	properNoun	swe	Elimäki	properNoun	nor
Elin Pelin Point	properNoun	swe	Elin Pelin Point	properNoun	nor
Elista	properNoun	swe	Elista	properNoun	nor
Ellenberg	properNoun	swe	Ellenberg	properNoun	nor
Eller	properNoun	swe	Eller	properNoun	nor
Ellers	properNoun	swe	Ellers	properNoun	nor
Ellesmereön	properNoun	swe	Ellesmereøya	properNoun	nor
Ellhofen	properNoun	swe	Ellhofen	properNoun	nor
Ellingen	properNoun	swe	Ellingen	properNoun	nor
Ellingsrudåsen stasjon	properNoun	swe	Ellingsrudåsen stasjon	properNoun	nor
Ellinikí Radiphonía Tileórassi	properNoun	swe	Elliniki Radiofonia Tileorasi	properNoun	nor
Ellinikí Radiphonía Tileórassi	properNoun	swe	Ellinikí Radiofonía Tileórasi	properNoun	nor
Elliot Lake	properNoun	swe	Elliot Lake	properNoun	nor
Elliott Hills	properNoun	swe	Elliott Hills	properNoun	nor
Elliott Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Elliott Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Ellipsoid Hill	properNoun	swe	Ellipsoid Hill	properNoun	nor
Elliðaey	properNoun	swe	Elliðaey	properNoun	nor
Elliðavatn	properNoun	swe	Elliðavatn	properNoun	nor
Ellsworth Mountains	properNoun	swe	Ellsworth Mountains	properNoun	nor
Ellsworth Subglacial Highlands	properNoun	swe	Ellsworth Subglacial Highlands	properNoun	nor
Ellsworths land	properNoun	swe	Ellsworth Land	properNoun	nor
Ellwangen	properNoun	swe	Ellwangen	properNoun	nor
Ellyard Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Ellyard Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Ellös	properNoun	swe	Ellös	properNoun	nor
Elm	properNoun	swe	Elm	properNoun	nor
Elmers Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Elmers Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Elpe	properNoun	swe	Elpe	properNoun	nor
Elsdorf	properNoun	swe	Elsdorf	properNoun	nor
Else Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Else Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Elsen	properNoun	swe	Elsen	properNoun	nor
Elsfleth	properNoun	swe	Elsfleth	properNoun	nor
Elsighorn	properNoun	swe	Elsighorn	properNoun	nor
Elston	properNoun	swe	Elston	properNoun	nor
Elten	properNoun	swe	Elten	properNoun	nor
Elterlein	properNoun	swe	Elterlein	properNoun	nor
Eltham	properNoun	swe	Eltham	properNoun	nor
Eltonåsen	properNoun	swe	Eltonåsen	properNoun	nor
Elva	properNoun	swe	Elva	properNoun	nor
Elve	properNoun	swe	Elve	properNoun	nor
Elvebakkekyrkan	properNoun	swe	Elvebakken kirke	properNoun	nor
Elvebakkekyrkan	properNoun	swe	Elvebakken kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Elvenes	properNoun	swe	Elvenes	properNoun	nor
Elwy	properNoun	swe	Elwy	properNoun	nor
Ely Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Ely Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Ely	properNoun	swe	Ely	properNoun	nor
Elysium Mons	properNoun	swe	Elysium Mons	properNoun	nor
Elz	properNoun	swe	Elz	properNoun	nor
Elze	properNoun	swe	Elze	properNoun	nor
Emba	properNoun	swe	Emba	properNoun	nor
Embrun	properNoun	swe	Embrun	properNoun	nor
Emden	properNoun	swe	Emden	properNoun	nor
Emerald Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Emerald Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Emkendorf	properNoun	swe	Emkendorf	properNoun	nor
Emm Rock	properNoun	swe	Emm Rock	properNoun	nor
Emmaboda kommun	properNoun	swe	Emmaboda kommune	properNoun	nor
Emmaboda	properNoun	swe	Emmaboda	properNoun	nor
Emmaljunga	properNoun	swe	Emmaljunga	properNoun	nor
Emmental	properNoun	swe	Emmental	properNoun	nor
Emmer	properNoun	swe	Emmer	properNoun	nor
Emmerich am Rhein	properNoun	swe	Emmerich am Rhein	properNoun	nor
Emmering	properNoun	swe	Emmering	properNoun	nor
Empire State Building	properNoun	swe	Empire State Building	properNoun	nor
Empire Theatre	properNoun	swe	Empire Theatre	properNoun	nor
Empoli	properNoun	swe	Empoli	properNoun	nor
Ems	properNoun	swe	Ems	properNoun	nor
Emsbüren	properNoun	swe	Emsbüren	properNoun	nor
Emscher	properNoun	swe	Emscher	properNoun	nor
Emsdetten	properNoun	swe	Emsdetten	properNoun	nor
Emsfors	properNoun	swe	Emsfors	properNoun	nor
Emssee	properNoun	swe	Emssee	properNoun	nor
Emstek	properNoun	swe	Emstek	properNoun	nor
Emtunga	properNoun	swe	Emtunga	properNoun	nor
Emån	properNoun	swe	Emån	properNoun	nor
Enare träsk	properNoun	swe	Enaresjøen	properNoun	nor
Enare	properNoun	swe	Inari	properNoun	nor
Enceladus Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Enceladus Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Enchantress Rocks	properNoun	swe	Enchantress Rocks	properNoun	nor
Endeavour Massif	properNoun	swe	Endeavour Massif	properNoun	nor
Enderby Land	properNoun	swe	Enderby Land	properNoun	nor
Endingen	properNoun	swe	Endingen	properNoun	nor
Enerhodar	properNoun	swe	Enerhodar	properNoun	nor
Eneryda	properNoun	swe	Eneryda	properNoun	nor
Engadin	properNoun	swe	Engadin	properNoun	nor
Engar	properNoun	swe	Engar	properNoun	nor
Engelberg	properNoun	swe	Engelberg	properNoun	nor
Engelberger Rotstock	properNoun	swe	Engelberger Rotstock	properNoun	nor
Engelbrekt	properNoun	swe	Engelbrekt	properNoun	nor
Engelgau	properNoun	swe	Engelgau	properNoun	nor
Engelhardt Ice Ridge	properNoun	swe	Engelhardt Ice Ridge	properNoun	nor
Engels	properNoun	swe	Engels	properNoun	nor
Engelsbergs bruk	properNoun	swe	Engelsbergs bruk	properNoun	nor
Engelsborg	properNoun	swe	Engelsborg	properNoun	nor
Engelsbrand	properNoun	swe	Engelsbrand	properNoun	nor
Engelska kanalen	properNoun	swe	Den engelske kanal	properNoun	nor
Engelska kanalen	properNoun	swe	Den engelske kanalen	properNoun	nor
Engelskirchen	properNoun	swe	Engelskirchen	properNoun	nor
Engeløya	properNoun	swe	Engeløya	properNoun	nor
Engershausen	properNoun	swe	Engershausen	properNoun	nor
Enges	properNoun	swe	Enges	properNoun	nor
Enggården	properNoun	swe	Enggården	properNoun	nor
English Coast	properNoun	swe	English Coast	properNoun	nor
Engollon	properNoun	swe	Engollon	properNoun	nor
Engstlensee	properNoun	swe	Engstlensee	properNoun	nor
Enkhausen	properNoun	swe	Enkhausen	properNoun	nor
Enköping	properNoun	swe	Enköping	properNoun	nor
Enköpings kommun	properNoun	swe	Enköping kommune	properNoun	nor
Enna	properNoun	swe	Enna	properNoun	nor
Ennepe	properNoun	swe	Ennepe	properNoun	nor
Ennepetal	properNoun	swe	Ennepetal	properNoun	nor
Ennetbaden	properNoun	swe	Ennetbaden	properNoun	nor
Ennetmoos	properNoun	swe	Ennetmoos	properNoun	nor
Ennigerloh	properNoun	swe	Ennigerloh	properNoun	nor
Enningdalsälven	properNoun	swe	Enningdalselva	properNoun	nor
Ennis	properNoun	swe	Ennis	properNoun	nor
Enontekis	properNoun	swe	Enontekis	properNoun	nor
Enontekis	properNoun	swe	Enontekiö	properNoun	nor
Enschede	properNoun	swe	Enschede	properNoun	nor
Ense	properNoun	swe	Ense	properNoun	nor
Ensjön	properNoun	swe	Ensjön	properNoun	nor
Enstaberga	properNoun	swe	Enstaberga	properNoun	nor
Ente	properNoun	swe	Ente	properNoun	nor
Enterprise Hills	properNoun	swe	Enterprise Hills	properNoun	nor
Enterprise	properNoun	swe	Enterprise	properNoun	nor
Entrena	properNoun	swe	Entrena	properNoun	nor
Enviken	properNoun	swe	Enviken	properNoun	nor
Enz	properNoun	swe	Enz	properNoun	nor
Enånger	properNoun	swe	Enånger	properNoun	nor
Eoliska öarna	properNoun	swe	De eoliske øyer	properNoun	nor
Eoliska öarna	properNoun	swe	Dei eoliske øyane	properNoun	nor
Epe	properNoun	swe	Epe	properNoun	nor
Ependes	properNoun	swe	Ependes	properNoun	nor
Epidauros	properNoun	swe	Epidauros	properNoun	nor
Epidauros	properNoun	swe	Epídavros	properNoun	nor
Epirus	properNoun	swe	Epirus	properNoun	nor
Epirus	properNoun	swe	Ípiros	properNoun	nor
Eppendorf	properNoun	swe	Eppendorf	properNoun	nor
Eppingen	properNoun	swe	Eppingen	properNoun	nor
Epsach	properNoun	swe	Epsach	properNoun	nor
Epsom and Ewell	properNoun	swe	Epsom and Ewell	properNoun	nor
Epsom	properNoun	swe	Epsom	properNoun	nor
Eptingen	properNoun	swe	Eptingen	properNoun	nor
Epworth	properNoun	swe	Epworth	properNoun	nor
Eraclea	properNoun	swe	Eraclea	properNoun	nor
Erbach	properNoun	swe	Erbach	properNoun	nor
Erciyes	properNoun	swe	Erciyes	properNoun	nor
Ercolano	properNoun	swe	Ercolano	properNoun	nor
Erde	properNoun	swe	Erde	properNoun	nor
Erder	properNoun	swe	Erder	properNoun	nor
Ereby Point	properNoun	swe	Ereby Point	properNoun	nor
Erehwon Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Erehwon Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Eremitage	properNoun	swe	Eremitage	properNoun	nor
Eremitaget	properNoun	swe	Eremitasjen	properNoun	nor
Eretria	properNoun	swe	Eretria	properNoun	nor
Eretria	properNoun	swe	Erétria	properNoun	nor
Erft	properNoun	swe	Erft	properNoun	nor
Erftstadt	properNoun	swe	Erftstadt	properNoun	nor
Erfttal	properNoun	swe	Erfttal	properNoun	nor
Erfurt	properNoun	swe	Erfurt	properNoun	nor
Ergates	properNoun	swe	Ergates	properNoun	nor
Ergisch	properNoun	swe	Ergisch	properNoun	nor
Ergischhorn	properNoun	swe	Ergischhorn	properNoun	nor
Erice	properNoun	swe	Erice	properNoun	nor
Erickson Bluffs	properNoun	swe	Erickson Bluffs	properNoun	nor
Eriesjön	properNoun	swe	Eriesjøen	properNoun	nor
Eriksholm	properNoun	swe	Eriksholm	properNoun	nor
Eriksmåla	properNoun	swe	Eriksmåla	properNoun	nor
Eringsboda	properNoun	swe	Eringsboda	properNoun	nor
Eriswil	properNoun	swe	Eriswil	properNoun	nor
Eritrea	properNoun	swe	Eritrea	properNoun	nor
Eriz	properNoun	swe	Eriz	properNoun	nor
Erkelenz	properNoun	swe	Erkelenz	properNoun	nor
Erkrath	properNoun	swe	Erkrath	properNoun	nor
Erlach	properNoun	swe	Erlach	properNoun	nor
Erlangen	properNoun	swe	Erlangen	properNoun	nor
Erlen	properNoun	swe	Erlen	properNoun	nor
Erlenbach im Simmental	properNoun	swe	Erlenbach im Simmental	properNoun	nor
Erlenbach	properNoun	swe	Erlenbach	properNoun	nor
Erlenbruch	properNoun	swe	Erlenbruch	properNoun	nor
Erlenkamp	properNoun	swe	Erlenkamp	properNoun	nor
Erlinsbach	properNoun	swe	Erlinsbach	properNoun	nor
Erma Knoll	properNoun	swe	Erma Knoll	properNoun	nor
Ermelunden	properNoun	swe	Ermelunden	properNoun	nor
Ermensee	properNoun	swe	Ermensee	properNoun	nor
Ermioni	properNoun	swe	Ermióni	properNoun	nor
Ermoupoli	properNoun	swe	Ermoupoli	properNoun	nor
Ermoupoli	properNoun	swe	Ermoúpoli	properNoun	nor
Ernakulam	properNoun	swe	Ernakulam	properNoun	nor
Ernetschwil	properNoun	swe	Ernetschwil	properNoun	nor
Ernsdorf	properNoun	swe	Ernsdorf	properNoun	nor
Eroica Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Eroica Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Erp	properNoun	swe	Erp	properNoun	nor
Erratic Valley	properNoun	swe	Erratic Valley	properNoun	nor
Erritsø	properNoun	swe	Erritsø	properNoun	nor
Erschmatt	properNoun	swe	Erschmatt	properNoun	nor
Ersfjorden	properNoun	swe	Ersfjorden	properNoun	nor
Ersigen	properNoun	swe	Ersigen	properNoun	nor
Ersmark	properNoun	swe	Ersmark	properNoun	nor
Ersnäs	properNoun	swe	Ersnäs	properNoun	nor
Erstfeld	properNoun	swe	Erstfeld	properNoun	nor
Ertholmene	properNoun	swe	Ertholmane	properNoun	nor
Ertholmene	properNoun	swe	Ertholmene	properNoun	nor
Ertingen	properNoun	swe	Ertingen	properNoun	nor
Ertvågsön	properNoun	swe	Ertvågsøya	properNoun	nor
Erven Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Erven Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Erwitte	properNoun	swe	Erwitte	properNoun	nor
Erxleben	properNoun	swe	Erxleben	properNoun	nor
Erythrai	properNoun	swe	Erythrés	properNoun	nor
Erzgebirge	properNoun	swe	Erzgebirge	properNoun	nor
Erzurum	properNoun	swe	Erzurum	properNoun	nor
Esbjergs kommun	properNoun	swe	Esbjerg kommune	properNoun	nor
Esbo	properNoun	swe	Esbo	properNoun	nor
Esborn	properNoun	swe	Esborn	properNoun	nor
Esch	properNoun	swe	Esch	properNoun	nor
Eschau	properNoun	swe	Eschau	properNoun	nor
Esche	properNoun	swe	Esche	properNoun	nor
Eschede	properNoun	swe	Eschede	properNoun	nor
Eschen	properNoun	swe	Eschen	properNoun	nor
Eschenbach	properNoun	swe	Eschenbach	properNoun	nor
Eschershausen	properNoun	swe	Eschershausen	properNoun	nor
Eschert	properNoun	swe	Eschert	properNoun	nor
Escholzmatt	properNoun	swe	Escholzmatt	properNoun	nor
Eschwege	properNoun	swe	Eschwege	properNoun	nor
Eschweiler	properNoun	swe	Eschweiler	properNoun	nor
Escudero	properNoun	swe	Escudero	properNoun	nor
Esens	properNoun	swe	Esens	properNoun	nor
Eshkol regionsförvaltning	properNoun	swe	Eshkol regionale kommune	properNoun	nor
Esino Lario	properNoun	swe	Esino Lario	properNoun	nor
Esja	properNoun	swe	Esja	properNoun	nor
Eskilsby och Snugga	properNoun	swe	Eskilsby och Snugga	properNoun	nor
Eskilstuna kommun	properNoun	swe	Eskilstuna kommune	properNoun	nor
Eskilstunaån	properNoun	swe	Eskilstunaån	properNoun	nor
Eskişehir	properNoun	swe	Eskişehir	properNoun	nor
Eslöv	properNoun	swe	Eslöv	properNoun	nor
Eslövs kommun	properNoun	swe	Eslöv kommune	properNoun	nor
Espelette	properNoun	swe	Espelette	properNoun	nor
Espelkamp	properNoun	swe	Espelkamp	properNoun	nor
Espenschied Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Espenschied Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Espert	properNoun	swe	Espert	properNoun	nor
Espevær	properNoun	swe	Espevær	properNoun	nor
Esplanaden	properNoun	swe	Esplanaden	properNoun	nor
Espírito Santo	properNoun	swe	Espírito Santo	properNoun	nor
Essequibo	properNoun	swe	Essequibo	properNoun	nor
Esser Hill	properNoun	swe	Esser Hill	properNoun	nor
Essertes	properNoun	swe	Essertes	properNoun	nor
Essig	properNoun	swe	Essig	properNoun	nor
Essingen	properNoun	swe	Essingen	properNoun	nor
Esslingen am Neckar	properNoun	swe	Esslingen am Neckar	properNoun	nor
Essonne	properNoun	swe	Essonne	properNoun	nor
Essunga kommun	properNoun	swe	Essunga kommune	properNoun	nor
Essvik	properNoun	swe	Essvik	properNoun	nor
Estepona	properNoun	swe	Estepona	properNoun	nor
Esterwegen	properNoun	swe	Esterwegen	properNoun	nor
Estevan	properNoun	swe	Estevan	properNoun	nor
Esther Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Esther Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Estlands geografi	properNoun	swe	Estisk geografi	properNoun	nor
Estlands geografi	properNoun	swe	Estlands geografi	properNoun	nor
Estniska SSR	properNoun	swe	Den estiske sosialistiske sovjetrepublikk	properNoun	nor
Estniska SSR	properNoun	swe	Den estiske sosialistiske sovjetrepublikken	properNoun	nor
Esztergom	properNoun	swe	Esztergom	properNoun	nor
Etagnières	properNoun	swe	Etagnières	properNoun	nor
Etchells	properNoun	swe	Etchells	properNoun	nor
Eternity Range	properNoun	swe	Eternity Range	properNoun	nor
Ethel Barrymore Theatre	properNoun	swe	Ethel Barrymore Theatre	properNoun	nor
Ethelwulf	properNoun	swe	Ethelwulf	properNoun	nor
Etnesjøen	properNoun	swe	Etnesjøen	properNoun	nor
Etobicoke	properNoun	swe	Etobicoke	properNoun	nor
Eton College	properNoun	swe	Eton College	properNoun	nor
Eton	properNoun	swe	Eton	properNoun	nor
Etoumbi	properNoun	swe	Etoumbi	properNoun	nor
Ettenheim	properNoun	swe	Ettenheim	properNoun	nor
Ettingen	properNoun	swe	Ettingen	properNoun	nor
Ettlingen	properNoun	swe	Ettlingen	properNoun	nor
Etzelkofen	properNoun	swe	Etzelkofen	properNoun	nor
Etziken	properNoun	swe	Etziken	properNoun	nor
Eubanks Point	properNoun	swe	Eubanks Point	properNoun	nor
Eulenberg	properNoun	swe	Eulenberg	properNoun	nor
Eurasien	properNoun	swe	Eurasia	properNoun	nor
Eure	properNoun	swe	Eure	properNoun	nor
Europadomstolen	properNoun	swe	Europadomstolen	properNoun	nor
Europadomstolen	properNoun	swe	Den europeiske menneskerettsdomstolen	properNoun	nor
Europadomstolen	properNoun	swe	Den europeiske menneskerettsdomstol	properNoun	nor
Europeiska centralbanken	properNoun	swe	Den europeiske sentralbanken	properNoun	nor
Europeiska rymdorganisationen	properNoun	swe	Den europeiske romfartsorganisasjonen	properNoun	nor
Europeiska rymdorganisationen	properNoun	swe	Den europeiske romfartsorganisasjon	properNoun	nor
Europeiska sydobservatoriet	properNoun	swe	Det europeiske sørobservatoriet	properNoun	nor
Europeiska sydobservatoriet	properNoun	swe	Det europeiske sørobservatorium	properNoun	nor
Europeiska unionens domstol	properNoun	swe	EU-domstolen	properNoun	nor
Europeiska unionens domstol	properNoun	swe	Den europeiske unions domstol	properNoun	nor
Eurosport	properNoun	swe	Eurosport	properNoun	nor
Eurovision Song Contest	properNoun	swe	Eurovision Song Contest	properNoun	nor
Euskirchen	properNoun	swe	Euskirchen	properNoun	nor
Eustis	properNoun	swe	Eustis	properNoun	nor
Evans Heights	properNoun	swe	Evans Heights	properNoun	nor
Evans Knoll	properNoun	swe	Evans Knoll	properNoun	nor
Evaodden	properNoun	swe	Evaodden	properNoun	nor
Evenkien	properNoun	swe	Evenkia	properNoun	nor
Evensen Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Evensen Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Everett Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Everett Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Everett Range	properNoun	swe	Everett Range	properNoun	nor
Everett	properNoun	swe	Everett	properNoun	nor
Everglades	properNoun	swe	Everglades	properNoun	nor
Evergreen Park	properNoun	swe	Evergreen Park	properNoun	nor
Eversen	properNoun	swe	Eversen	properNoun	nor
Eversmeer	properNoun	swe	Eversmeer	properNoun	nor
Everswinkel	properNoun	swe	Everswinkel	properNoun	nor
Evertsberg	properNoun	swe	Evertsberg	properNoun	nor
Everöd	properNoun	swe	Everöd	properNoun	nor
Evesham	properNoun	swe	Evesham	properNoun	nor
Evilard	properNoun	swe	Evilard	properNoun	nor
Eving	properNoun	swe	Eving	properNoun	nor
Evje og Hornnes	properNoun	swe	Evje og Hornnes	properNoun	nor
Evritania	properNoun	swe	Evrytania	properNoun	nor
Evritania	properNoun	swe	Evrytanía	properNoun	nor
Evros	properNoun	swe	Evros	properNoun	nor
Evros	properNoun	swe	Évros	properNoun	nor
Ewiges Meer	properNoun	swe	Ewiges Meer	properNoun	nor
Ewigschneehorn	properNoun	swe	Ewigschneehorn	properNoun	nor
Executive Committee Range	properNoun	swe	Executive Committee Range	properNoun	nor
Exile Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Exile Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Exmoor	properNoun	swe	Exmoor	properNoun	nor
Exmouth	properNoun	swe	Exmouth	properNoun	nor
Exodus Valley	properNoun	swe	Exodus Valley	properNoun	nor
Explora Escarpment	properNoun	swe	Explora Escarpment	properNoun	nor
Explora Knoll	properNoun	swe	Explora Knoll	properNoun	nor
Exter	properNoun	swe	Exter	properNoun	nor
Extertal	properNoun	swe	Extertal	properNoun	nor
Extremadura	properNoun	swe	Extremadura	properNoun	nor
Eye	properNoun	swe	Eye	properNoun	nor
Eyjafjallajökull	properNoun	swe	Eyjafjallajökull	properNoun	nor
Eyjafjörður	properNoun	swe	Eyjafjörður	properNoun	nor
Eyskens	properNoun	swe	Eyskens	properNoun	nor
Eystein kirke	properNoun	swe	Eysteinskyrkja	properNoun	nor
Eysturoy	properNoun	swe	Eysturoy	properNoun	nor
Ezhou	properNoun	swe	Ezhou	properNoun	nor
FC Barcelona	properNoun	swe	FC Barcelona	properNoun	nor
FC Bayern München	properNoun	swe	FC Bayern München	properNoun	nor
Faaker See	properNoun	swe	Faaker See	properNoun	nor
Fabriano	properNoun	swe	Fabriano	properNoun	nor
Faenza	properNoun	swe	Faenza	properNoun	nor
Faetano	properNoun	swe	Faetano	properNoun	nor
Fagerhult	properNoun	swe	Fagerhult	properNoun	nor
Fagersanna	properNoun	swe	Fagersanna	properNoun	nor
Fagersta kommun	properNoun	swe	Fagersta kommune	properNoun	nor
Fagersta	properNoun	swe	Fagersta	properNoun	nor
Fagerstrand	properNoun	swe	Fagerstrand	properNoun	nor
Fagerås	properNoun	swe	Fagerås	properNoun	nor
Fahn	properNoun	swe	Fahn	properNoun	nor
Fahr	properNoun	swe	Fahr	properNoun	nor
Fahrenberg	properNoun	swe	Fahrenberg	properNoun	nor
Fahrni	properNoun	swe	Fahrni	properNoun	nor
Fahrwangen	properNoun	swe	Fahrwangen	properNoun	nor
Faial	properNoun	swe	Faial	properNoun	nor
Fair Isle	properNoun	swe	Fair Isle	properNoun	nor
Fairbury	properNoun	swe	Fairbury	properNoun	nor
Fairfield	properNoun	swe	Fairfield	properNoun	nor
Faisalabad	properNoun	swe	Faisalabad	properNoun	nor
Fakenham	properNoun	swe	Fakenham	properNoun	nor
Falcón	properNoun	swe	Falcón	properNoun	nor
Falera	properNoun	swe	Falera	properNoun	nor
Falerum	properNoun	swe	Falerum	properNoun	nor
Falkenbergs kommun	properNoun	swe	Falkenberg kommune	properNoun	nor
Falkenhagen	properNoun	swe	Falkenhagen	properNoun	nor
Falkenhof	properNoun	swe	Falkenhof	properNoun	nor
Falkirk	properNoun	swe	Falkirk	properNoun	nor
Falklandskriget	properNoun	swe	Falklandskrigen	properNoun	nor
Falknis	properNoun	swe	Falknis	properNoun	nor
Falköping	properNoun	swe	Falköping	properNoun	nor
Falköpings kommun	properNoun	swe	Falköping kommune	properNoun	nor
Falla	properNoun	swe	Falla	properNoun	nor
Fallone Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Fallone Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Fallsjön	properNoun	swe	Fallsjøen	properNoun	nor
Falmouth	properNoun	swe	Falmouth	properNoun	nor
False Cape Renard	properNoun	swe	False Cape Renard	properNoun	nor
Falstad	properNoun	swe	Falstad fangeleir	properNoun	nor
Falstad	properNoun	swe	Falstad	properNoun	nor
Falu kommun	properNoun	swe	Falu kommune	properNoun	nor
Falun och Kopparbergslagen	properNoun	swe	Falun og Kopparbergslagen	properNoun	nor
Fanahammeren	properNoun	swe	Fanahammaren	properNoun	nor
Fanahammeren	properNoun	swe	Fanahammeren	properNoun	nor
Fanbyn	properNoun	swe	Fanbyn	properNoun	nor
Fanellhorn	properNoun	swe	Fanellhorn	properNoun	nor
Fangchenggang	properNoun	swe	Fangchenggang	properNoun	nor
Fano	properNoun	swe	Fano	properNoun	nor
Fantofts stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Fantoft stavkirke	properNoun	nor
Fantofts stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Fantoft stavkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Fanø kommun	properNoun	swe	Fanø kommune	properNoun	nor
Faraway	properNoun	swe	Faraway	properNoun	nor
Fareham	properNoun	swe	Fareham	properNoun	nor
Farfar	properNoun	swe	Farfar	properNoun	nor
Faringdon	properNoun	swe	Faringdon	properNoun	nor
Farman Highland	properNoun	swe	Farman Highland	properNoun	nor
Farman Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Farman Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Farnborough	properNoun	swe	Farnborough	properNoun	nor
Farnell Valley	properNoun	swe	Farnell Valley	properNoun	nor
Farnern	properNoun	swe	Farnern	properNoun	nor
Faro	properNoun	swe	Faro	properNoun	nor
Farquharson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Farquharson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Farrington Ridge	properNoun	swe	Farrington Ridge	properNoun	nor
Farris	properNoun	swe	Farris	properNoun	nor
Farsta	properNoun	swe	Farsta	properNoun	nor
Farsund	properNoun	swe	Farsund by	properNoun	nor
Farsø	properNoun	swe	Farsø	properNoun	nor
Farvagny	properNoun	swe	Farvagny	properNoun	nor
Fasanön	properNoun	swe	Fasanøya	properNoun	nor
Fasettfjellet	properNoun	swe	Fasettfjellet	properNoun	nor
Fasta mellanfolkliga domstolen	properNoun	swe	Den faste domstolen for mellomfolkeleg rettspleie	properNoun	nor
Fasta mellanfolkliga domstolen	properNoun	swe	Den faste domstol for mellomfolkelig rettspleie	properNoun	nor
Fasta Åland	properNoun	swe	Fasta Åland	properNoun	nor
Fastiv	properNoun	swe	Fastiv	properNoun	nor
Fastnet Rock	properNoun	swe	Fastnet Rock	properNoun	nor
Fatburen	properNoun	swe	Fatburen	properNoun	nor
Fatehpur Sikri	properNoun	swe	Fatehpur Sikri	properNoun	nor
Fatezj	properNoun	swe	Fatezj	properNoun	nor
Fatu Hiva	properNoun	swe	Fatu Hiva	properNoun	nor
Faulhorn	properNoun	swe	Faulhorn	properNoun	nor
Faulkender Ridge	properNoun	swe	Faulkender Ridge	properNoun	nor
Faulkner Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Faulkner Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Faure Passage	properNoun	swe	Faure Passage	properNoun	nor
Favela Rocks	properNoun	swe	Favela Rocks	properNoun	nor
Faversham	properNoun	swe	Faversham	properNoun	nor
Favrskovs kommun	properNoun	swe	Favrskov kommune	properNoun	nor
Faxaflói	properNoun	swe	Faxaflói	properNoun	nor
Faxälven	properNoun	swe	Faxälven	properNoun	nor
Fazekas Hills	properNoun	swe	Fazekas Hills	properNoun	nor
Fazio	properNoun	swe	Fazio	properNoun	nor
Faßberg	properNoun	swe	Faßberg	properNoun	nor
Fearn	properNoun	swe	Fearn	properNoun	nor
Fearon	properNoun	swe	Fearon	properNoun	nor
Featherstone	properNoun	swe	Featherstone	properNoun	nor
Fedallah	properNoun	swe	Fedallah	properNoun	nor
Federal Reserve System	properNoun	swe	Federal Reserve System	properNoun	nor
Federal Reserve System	properNoun	swe	Federal Reserve	properNoun	nor
Federalt administrerade stamområden	properNoun	swe	Dei føderalt styrte stammeområda	properNoun	nor
Federalt administrerade stamområden	properNoun	swe	Pakistans føderalt administrerte stammeområder	properNoun	nor
Federsee	properNoun	swe	Federsee	properNoun	nor
Feechopf	properNoun	swe	Feechopf	properNoun	nor
Feeney Col	properNoun	swe	Feeney Col	properNoun	nor
Feeney Ridge	properNoun	swe	Feeney Ridge	properNoun	nor
Fehmarn Bält	properNoun	swe	Fehmarn Bælt	properNoun	nor
Fehmarn Bält	properNoun	swe	Fehmarnbelt	properNoun	nor
Fehmarn	properNoun	swe	Fehmarn	properNoun	nor
Fehrbellin	properNoun	swe	Fehrbellin	properNoun	nor
Feistmantel Valley	properNoun	swe	Feistmantel Valley	properNoun	nor
Fejø	properNoun	swe	Fejø	properNoun	nor
Feld	properNoun	swe	Feld	properNoun	nor
Feldafing	properNoun	swe	Feldafing	properNoun	nor
Feldberg	properNoun	swe	Feldberg	properNoun	nor
Feldberger Seenlandschaft	properNoun	swe	Feldberger Seenlandschaft	properNoun	nor
Feldkirch	properNoun	swe	Feldkirch	properNoun	nor
Feldkotter	properNoun	swe	Feldkotter	properNoun	nor
Feldmeilen	properNoun	swe	Feldmeilen	properNoun	nor
Feldsee	properNoun	swe	Feldsee	properNoun	nor
Fellbach	properNoun	swe	Fellbach	properNoun	nor
Fellingsbro	properNoun	swe	Fellingsbro	properNoun	nor
Felsberg	properNoun	swe	Felsberg	properNoun	nor
Felskinn	properNoun	swe	Felskinn	properNoun	nor
Felton Head	properNoun	swe	Felton Head	properNoun	nor
Feltre	properNoun	swe	Feltre	properNoun	nor
Femsjøen	properNoun	swe	Femsjøen	properNoun	nor
Femte franska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den femte franske republikk	properNoun	nor
Femte franska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den femte franske republikken	properNoun	nor
Femunden	properNoun	swe	Femunden	properNoun	nor
Femundsmarka nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Femundsmarka nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Femø	properNoun	swe	Femø	properNoun	nor
Fengersfors	properNoun	swe	Fengersfors	properNoun	nor
Fenicien	properNoun	swe	Fønikia	properNoun	nor
Fenn	properNoun	swe	Fenn	properNoun	nor
Fenrir Valley	properNoun	swe	Fenrir Valley	properNoun	nor
Fenriskjeften	properNoun	swe	Fenriskjeften	properNoun	nor
Feodosija	properNoun	swe	Feodosija	properNoun	nor
Ferapontovklostret	properNoun	swe	Ferapontovklosteret	properNoun	nor
Ferdenrothorn	properNoun	swe	Ferdenrothorn	properNoun	nor
Ferdinandea	properNoun	swe	Ferdinandea	properNoun	nor
Ferenbalm	properNoun	swe	Ferenbalm	properNoun	nor
Ferentino	properNoun	swe	Ferentino	properNoun	nor
Fergus Falls	properNoun	swe	Fergus Falls	properNoun	nor
Ferguson Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Ferguson Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Ferlens	properNoun	swe	Ferlens	properNoun	nor
Fermanagh	properNoun	swe	Fermanagh	properNoun	nor
Fermo	properNoun	swe	Fermo	properNoun	nor
Ferna	properNoun	swe	Ferna	properNoun	nor
Fernando de Noronha	properNoun	swe	Fernando de Noronha	properNoun	nor
Ferndorf	properNoun	swe	Ferndorf	properNoun	nor
Ferndown	properNoun	swe	Ferndown	properNoun	nor
Ferpicloz	properNoun	swe	Ferpicloz	properNoun	nor
Ferranto	properNoun	swe	Ferranto	properNoun	nor
Ferrara	properNoun	swe	Ferrara	properNoun	nor
Ferreira Gomes	properNoun	swe	Ferreira Gomes	properNoun	nor
Ferrell Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Ferrell Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Ferrera	properNoun	swe	Ferrera	properNoun	nor
Ferreyres	properNoun	swe	Ferreyres	properNoun	nor
Ferri Ridge	properNoun	swe	Ferri Ridge	properNoun	nor
Ferrol	properNoun	swe	Ferrol	properNoun	nor
Ferryhill	properNoun	swe	Ferryhill	properNoun	nor
Festihorn	properNoun	swe	Festihorn	properNoun	nor
Festive Plateau	properNoun	swe	Festive Plateau	properNoun	nor
Fethiye	properNoun	swe	Fethiye	properNoun	nor
Fetlar	properNoun	swe	Fetlar	properNoun	nor
Feyerharm Knoll	properNoun	swe	Feyerharm Knoll	properNoun	nor
Fibbia	properNoun	swe	Fibbia	properNoun	nor
Fiborgtangen	properNoun	swe	Fiborgtangen	properNoun	nor
Ficheto Point	properNoun	swe	Ficheto Point	properNoun	nor
Fichtelberg	properNoun	swe	Fichtelberg	properNoun	nor
Fichtelgebirge	properNoun	swe	Fichtelgebirge	properNoun	nor
Fichtenberg	properNoun	swe	Fichtenberg	properNoun	nor
Fichtenhöhe	properNoun	swe	Fichtenhöhe	properNoun	nor
Fideris	properNoun	swe	Fideris	properNoun	nor
Fiebelman Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Fiebelman Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Fiedler	properNoun	swe	Fiedler	properNoun	nor
Field Rock	properNoun	swe	Field Rock	properNoun	nor
Fielding Col	properNoun	swe	Fielding Col	properNoun	nor
Fiescher Gabelhorn	properNoun	swe	Fiescher Gabelhorn	properNoun	nor
Fieschertal	properNoun	swe	Fieschertal	properNoun	nor
Fiesole	properNoun	swe	Fiesole	properNoun	nor
Fife	properNoun	swe	Fife	properNoun	nor
Fifth Avenue Theatre	properNoun	swe	Fifth Avenue Theatre	properNoun	nor
Fifth Avenue	properNoun	swe	Fifth Avenue	properNoun	nor
Figalia	properNoun	swe	Figaleia	properNoun	nor
Figalia	properNoun	swe	Figalía	properNoun	nor
Figaro Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Figaro Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Figeac	properNoun	swe	Figeac	properNoun	nor
Figeholm	properNoun	swe	Figeholm	properNoun	nor
Fil da Rueun	properNoun	swe	Fil da Rueun	properNoun	nor
Fil de Dragiva	properNoun	swe	Fil de Dragiva	properNoun	nor
Filchnerberge	properNoun	swe	Filchnerfjella	properNoun	nor
Filefjell	properNoun	swe	Filefjell	properNoun	nor
Filey	properNoun	swe	Filey	properNoun	nor
Filfola	properNoun	swe	Filfla	properNoun	nor
Filippinska sjön	properNoun	swe	Filippinarhavet	properNoun	nor
Filippinska sjön	properNoun	swe	Filippinerhavet	properNoun	nor
Filipstads kommun	properNoun	swe	Filipstad kommune	properNoun	nor
Filisur	properNoun	swe	Filisur	properNoun	nor
Fillan	properNoun	swe	Fillan	properNoun	nor
Filmfestivalen i Cannes	properNoun	swe	Filmfestivalen i Cannes	properNoun	nor
Fils	properNoun	swe	Fils	properNoun	nor
Filsbäck	properNoun	swe	Filsbäck	properNoun	nor
Filson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Filson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Fimbulheimen	properNoun	swe	Fimbulheimen	properNoun	nor
Fimbulisen	properNoun	swe	Fimbulisen	properNoun	nor
Fin Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Fin Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Final Rock	properNoun	swe	Final Rock	properNoun	nor
Finback Massif	properNoun	swe	Finback Massif	properNoun	nor
Findlay Range	properNoun	swe	Findlay Range	properNoun	nor
Fingal	properNoun	swe	Fingal	properNoun	nor
Finger Ridges	properNoun	swe	Finger Ridges	properNoun	nor
Finistère	properNoun	swe	Finistère	properNoun	nor
Finja	properNoun	swe	Finja	properNoun	nor
Finkarby	properNoun	swe	Finkarby	properNoun	nor
Finkelnburg	properNoun	swe	Finkelnburg	properNoun	nor
Finkenwerder	properNoun	swe	Finkenwerder	properNoun	nor
Finlandia Foothills	properNoun	swe	Finlandia Foothills	properNoun	nor
Finlandiahuset	properNoun	swe	Finlandiahuset	properNoun	nor
Finlands riksdag	properNoun	swe	Den finske riksdagen	properNoun	nor
Finlands riksdag	properNoun	swe	Finlands riksdag	properNoun	nor
Finnbråtan	properNoun	swe	Finnbråtan	properNoun	nor
Finnentrop	properNoun	swe	Finnentrop	properNoun	nor
Finnerödja	properNoun	swe	Finnerödja	properNoun	nor
Finnhamn	properNoun	swe	Finnhamn	properNoun	nor
Finnmark fylke	properNoun	swe	Finnmark fylke	properNoun	nor
Finska viken	properNoun	swe	Finskebukta	properNoun	nor
Finspång	properNoun	swe	Finspång	properNoun	nor
Finspångs kommun	properNoun	swe	Finspång kommune	properNoun	nor
Finsteraarhorn	properNoun	swe	Finsteraarhorn	properNoun	nor
Finsterhennen	properNoun	swe	Finsterhennen	properNoun	nor
Finsterwalde	properNoun	swe	Finsterwalde	properNoun	nor
Fiorentino	properNoun	swe	Fiorentino	properNoun	nor
Firlej	properNoun	swe	Firlej	properNoun	nor
Firmenich	properNoun	swe	Firmenich	properNoun	nor
Firmisanschneide	properNoun	swe	Firmisanschneide	properNoun	nor
First Crater	properNoun	swe	First Crater	properNoun	nor
First View Point	properNoun	swe	First View Point	properNoun	nor
Firth of Clyde	properNoun	swe	Firth of Clyde	properNoun	nor
Firth of Forth	properNoun	swe	Firth of Forth	properNoun	nor
Firth of Tay	properNoun	swe	Firth of Tay	properNoun	nor
Fischbach	properNoun	swe	Fischbach	properNoun	nor
Fischerhude	properNoun	swe	Fischerhude	properNoun	nor
Fischhausen	properNoun	swe	Fischhausen	properNoun	nor
Fisher Massif	properNoun	swe	Fisher Massif	properNoun	nor
Fisher Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Fisher Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Fishkill	properNoun	swe	Fishkill	properNoun	nor
Fishponds	properNoun	swe	Fishponds	properNoun	nor
Fisibach	properNoun	swe	Fisibach	properNoun	nor
Fiskarhalvön	properNoun	swe	Fiskarhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Fiskarhalvön	properNoun	swe	Fiskerhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Fiskebäck	properNoun	swe	Fiskebäck	properNoun	nor
Fisklössjön	properNoun	swe	Fisklössjön	properNoun	nor
Fisksätra	properNoun	swe	Fisksätra	properNoun	nor
Fiskums gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Fiskum gamle kirke	properNoun	nor
Fiskums gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Fiskum gamle kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Fislisbach	properNoun	swe	Fislisbach	properNoun	nor
Fitton Rock	properNoun	swe	Fitton Rock	properNoun	nor
Fitzgerald Stream	properNoun	swe	Fitzgerald Stream	properNoun	nor
Fitzpatrick Rock	properNoun	swe	Fitzpatrick Rock	properNoun	nor
Fitzsimmons Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Fitzsimmons Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Fiumicino	properNoun	swe	Fiumicino	properNoun	nor
Fivemile Rock	properNoun	swe	Fivemile Rock	properNoun	nor
Fjarðabyggð	properNoun	swe	Fjarðabyggð	properNoun	nor
Fjelbergøy	properNoun	swe	Fjelbergøy	properNoun	nor
Fjelbergøy	properNoun	swe	Fjeldbergøy	properNoun	nor
Fjellfoten	properNoun	swe	Fjellfoten	properNoun	nor
Fjellsjøkampen	properNoun	swe	Fjellsjøkampen	properNoun	nor
Fjellstrand	properNoun	swe	Fjellstrand	properNoun	nor
Fjosoken	properNoun	swe	Fjosoken	properNoun	nor
Fjuckby	properNoun	swe	Fjuckby	properNoun	nor
Fjugesta	properNoun	swe	Fjugesta	properNoun	nor
Fjälkinge	properNoun	swe	Fjälkinge	properNoun	nor
Fjällbacka	properNoun	swe	Fjällbacka	properNoun	nor
Fjärde franska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den fjerde franske republikk	properNoun	nor
Fjärde franska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den fjerde franske republikken	properNoun	nor
Fjärdhundra	properNoun	swe	Fjärdhundra	properNoun	nor
Fjärås kyrkby	properNoun	swe	Fjärås kyrkby	properNoun	nor
Fjære kyrka	properNoun	swe	Fjære kirke	properNoun	nor
Fjære kyrka	properNoun	swe	Fjære kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Fjærlandsfjorden	properNoun	swe	Fjærlandsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Flachau	properNoun	swe	Flachau	properNoun	nor
Flacq	properNoun	swe	Flacq	properNoun	nor
Flagon Point	properNoun	swe	Flagon Point	properNoun	nor
Flagship Mountain	properNoun	swe	Flagship Mountain	properNoun	nor
Flandreau	properNoun	swe	Flandreau	properNoun	nor
Flateby	properNoun	swe	Flateby	properNoun	nor
Flatey	properNoun	swe	Flatey	properNoun	nor
Flatiron Valley	properNoun	swe	Flatiron Valley	properNoun	nor
Fleckistock	properNoun	swe	Fleckistock	properNoun	nor
Fleet	properNoun	swe	Fleet	properNoun	nor
Fleetwood	properNoun	swe	Fleetwood	properNoun	nor
Flein	properNoun	swe	Flein	properNoun	nor
Fleinøya	properNoun	swe	Fleinøya	properNoun	nor
Fleming Head	properNoun	swe	Fleming Head	properNoun	nor
Fleming Summit	properNoun	swe	Fleming Summit	properNoun	nor
Flemingsberg	properNoun	swe	Flemingsberg	properNoun	nor
Flemingsbergsviken	properNoun	swe	Flemingsbergsviken	properNoun	nor
Flen	properNoun	swe	Flen	properNoun	nor
Flens kommun	properNoun	swe	Flen kommune	properNoun	nor
Flerden	properNoun	swe	Flerden	properNoun	nor
Flerohopp	properNoun	swe	Flerohopp	properNoun	nor
Fletcher Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Fletcher Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Fletcher Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Fletcher Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Fletschhorn	properNoun	swe	Fletschhorn	properNoun	nor
Flett Crags	properNoun	swe	Flett Crags	properNoun	nor
Fleurier	properNoun	swe	Fleurier	properNoun	nor
Flevoland	properNoun	swe	Flevoland	properNoun	nor
Flims	properNoun	swe	Flims	properNoun	nor
Flintshire	properNoun	swe	Flintshire	properNoun	nor
Flisa	properNoun	swe	Flisa	properNoun	nor
Flisby	properNoun	swe	Flisby	properNoun	nor
Fliseryd	properNoun	swe	Fliseryd	properNoun	nor
Flitwick	properNoun	swe	Flitwick	properNoun	nor
Flobecq	properNoun	swe	Flobecq	properNoun	nor
Floby	properNoun	swe	Floby	properNoun	nor
Flogstallen	properNoun	swe	Flogstallen	properNoun	nor
Flood Range	properNoun	swe	Flood Range	properNoun	nor
Florac	properNoun	swe	Florac	properNoun	nor
Florence Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Florence Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Flores	properNoun	swe	Flores	properNoun	nor
Floreshavet	properNoun	swe	Floreshavet	properNoun	nor
Floreshavet	properNoun	swe	Floressjøen	properNoun	nor
Florianópolis	properNoun	swe	Florianópolis	properNoun	nor
Florida State University	properNoun	swe	Florida State University	properNoun	nor
Florina	properNoun	swe	Florina	properNoun	nor
Florina	properNoun	swe	Flórina	properNoun	nor
Florø flygplats	properNoun	swe	Florø lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Florø flygplats	properNoun	swe	Florø lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Flottbek	properNoun	swe	Flottbek	properNoun	nor
Flowers Hills	properNoun	swe	Flowers Hills	properNoun	nor
Fluchtkogel	properNoun	swe	Fluchtkogel	properNoun	nor
Fluke Ridge	properNoun	swe	Fluke Ridge	properNoun	nor
Flumenthal	properNoun	swe	Flumenthal	properNoun	nor
Flums	properNoun	swe	Flums	properNoun	nor
Flurkmark	properNoun	swe	Flurkmark	properNoun	nor
Flußbach	properNoun	swe	Flußbach	properNoun	nor
Flygolyckan i Jaroslavl	properNoun	swe	Flyulukka i Jaroslavl	properNoun	nor
Flygsfors	properNoun	swe	Flygsfors	properNoun	nor
Flying Fish Cove	properNoun	swe	Flying Fish Cove	properNoun	nor
Flying Fish	properNoun	swe	Flying Fish	properNoun	nor
Flyinge	properNoun	swe	Flyinge	properNoun	nor
Flyspot Rocks	properNoun	swe	Flyspot Rocks	properNoun	nor
Flädie	properNoun	swe	Flädie	properNoun	nor
Fläming	properNoun	swe	Fläming	properNoun	nor
Fläsch	properNoun	swe	Fläsch	properNoun	nor
Flåmsbanan	properNoun	swe	Flåmsbana	properNoun	nor
Flårjuvnutane	properNoun	swe	Flårjuvnutane	properNoun	nor
Flåsjön	properNoun	swe	Flåsjön	properNoun	nor
Fløyfjellet	properNoun	swe	Fløyfjellet	properNoun	nor
Fløymannen	properNoun	swe	Fløymannen	properNoun	nor
Flügel	properNoun	swe	Flügel	properNoun	nor
Foale Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Foale Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Foca Point	properNoun	swe	Foca Point	properNoun	nor
Fockbek	properNoun	swe	Fockbek	properNoun	nor
Focşani	properNoun	swe	Focşani	properNoun	nor
Focşani	properNoun	swe	Focșani	properNoun	nor
Fogg Highland	properNoun	swe	Fogg Highland	properNoun	nor
Foggia	properNoun	swe	Foggia	properNoun	nor
Foggy Pass	properNoun	swe	Foggy Pass	properNoun	nor
Foix	properNoun	swe	Foix	properNoun	nor
Fokker Rocks	properNoun	swe	Fokker Rocks	properNoun	nor
Folarskardnuten	properNoun	swe	Folarskardnuten	properNoun	nor
Foldfjorden	properNoun	swe	Foldfjorden	properNoun	nor
Folegandros	properNoun	swe	Folegandros	properNoun	nor
Folegandros	properNoun	swe	Folégandros	properNoun	nor
Foley Promontory	properNoun	swe	Foley Promontory	properNoun	nor
Folgefonna nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Folgefonna nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Folgefonntunnelen	properNoun	swe	Folgefonntunnelen	properNoun	nor
Foligno	properNoun	swe	Foligno	properNoun	nor
Folkestone	properNoun	swe	Folkestone	properNoun	nor
Folkets park	properNoun	swe	Folkets Park	properNoun	nor
Follafoss	properNoun	swe	Follafoss	properNoun	nor
Follebu kyrka	properNoun	swe	Follebu kirke	properNoun	nor
Follebu kyrka	properNoun	swe	Follebu kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Foltz Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Foltz Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Fomalhaut Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Fomalhaut Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Fond du Lac County	properNoun	swe	Fond du Lac County	properNoun	nor
Fons kyrka	properNoun	swe	Fon kirke	properNoun	nor
Fons kyrka	properNoun	swe	Fon kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Fontaine Heights	properNoun	swe	Fontaine Heights	properNoun	nor
Fontainebleau	properNoun	swe	Fontainebleau	properNoun	nor
Fontainemelon	properNoun	swe	Fontainemelon	properNoun	nor
Fontaines	properNoun	swe	Fontaines	properNoun	nor
Fontana	properNoun	swe	Fontana	properNoun	nor
Fontanabran	properNoun	swe	Fontanabran	properNoun	nor
Football Mountain	properNoun	swe	Football Mountain	properNoun	nor
Football Saddle	properNoun	swe	Football Saddle	properNoun	nor
Footscrew Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Footscrew Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Forbach	properNoun	swe	Forbach	properNoun	nor
Forbes Ridge	properNoun	swe	Forbes Ridge	properNoun	nor
Forbidden Valley	properNoun	swe	Forbidden Valley	properNoun	nor
Forcalquier	properNoun	swe	Forcalquier	properNoun	nor
Force India	properNoun	swe	Force India	properNoun	nor
Forchheim	properNoun	swe	Forchheim	properNoun	nor
Forchtenberg	properNoun	swe	Forchtenberg	properNoun	nor
Ford Massif	properNoun	swe	Ford Massif	properNoun	nor
Ford Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Ford Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Ford Ranges	properNoun	swe	Ford Ranges	properNoun	nor
Fordell	properNoun	swe	Fordell	properNoun	nor
Fordingbridge	properNoun	swe	Fordingbridge	properNoun	nor
Forecast	properNoun	swe	Forecast	properNoun	nor
Forecastle Summit	properNoun	swe	Forecastle Summit	properNoun	nor
Forefinger Point	properNoun	swe	Forefinger Point	properNoun	nor
Forest Hills	properNoun	swe	Forest Hills	properNoun	nor
Foreste	properNoun	swe	Foreste	properNoun	nor
Forestville	properNoun	swe	Forestville	properNoun	nor
Forfar	properNoun	swe	Forfar	properNoun	nor
Forgotten Hills	properNoun	swe	Forgotten Hills	properNoun	nor
Forlandet nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Forlandet nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Forlidas Pond	properNoun	swe	Forlidas Pond	properNoun	nor
Forlidas Ridge	properNoun	swe	Forlidas Ridge	properNoun	nor
Forlì	properNoun	swe	Forlì	properNoun	nor
Formentera	properNoun	swe	Formentera	properNoun	nor
Formia	properNoun	swe	Formia	properNoun	nor
Formigas	properNoun	swe	Formigas	properNoun	nor
Formigine	properNoun	swe	Formigine	properNoun	nor
Fornåsa	properNoun	swe	Fornåsa	properNoun	nor
Forollhogna nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Forollhogna nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Forollhogna	properNoun	swe	Forollhogna	properNoun	nor
Forrest City	properNoun	swe	Forrest City	properNoun	nor
Forrest Pass	properNoun	swe	Forrest Pass	properNoun	nor
Forsakar	properNoun	swe	Forsakar	properNoun	nor
Forsbacka	properNoun	swe	Forsbacka	properNoun	nor
Forsby	properNoun	swe	Forsby	properNoun	nor
Forserum	properNoun	swe	Forserum	properNoun	nor
Forshaga kommun	properNoun	swe	Forshaga kommune	properNoun	nor
Forshaga	properNoun	swe	Forshaga	properNoun	nor
Forsheda	properNoun	swe	Forsheda	properNoun	nor
Forsmarksån	properNoun	swe	Forsmarksån	properNoun	nor
Forssjö	properNoun	swe	Forssjö	properNoun	nor
Forste	properNoun	swe	Forste	properNoun	nor
Forsvik	properNoun	swe	Forsvik	properNoun	nor
Forsån	properNoun	swe	Forsån	properNoun	nor
Fort Hahneberg	properNoun	swe	Fort Hahneberg	properNoun	nor
Fort Lauderdale	properNoun	swe	Fort Lauderdale	properNoun	nor
Fort McHenry	properNoun	swe	Fort McHenry	properNoun	nor
Fort Morgan	properNoun	swe	Fort Morgan	properNoun	nor
Fort William	properNoun	swe	Fort William	properNoun	nor
Fort Worth	properNoun	swe	Fort Worth	properNoun	nor
Forth	properNoun	swe	Forth	properNoun	nor
Forthbron	properNoun	swe	Forth Bridge	properNoun	nor
Forthbron	properNoun	swe	Forthbrua	properNoun	nor
Fortress Rocks	properNoun	swe	Fortress Rocks	properNoun	nor
Fosdick Mountains	properNoun	swe	Fosdick Mountains	properNoun	nor
Foshan	properNoun	swe	Foshan	properNoun	nor
Fosnavåg	properNoun	swe	Fosnavåg	properNoun	nor
Fossano	properNoun	swe	Fossano	properNoun	nor
Fossil Wood Point	properNoun	swe	Fossil Wood Point	properNoun	nor
Fossombrone	properNoun	swe	Fossombrone	properNoun	nor
Foster Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Foster Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Foster Plateau	properNoun	swe	Foster Plateau	properNoun	nor
Fothergill Point	properNoun	swe	Fothergill Point	properNoun	nor
Fotö	properNoun	swe	Fotö	properNoun	nor
Fougères	properNoun	swe	Fougères	properNoun	nor
Foulum	properNoun	swe	Foulum	properNoun	nor
Fountain Hills	properNoun	swe	Fountain Hills	properNoun	nor
Fourcade	properNoun	swe	Fourcade	properNoun	nor
Fourchambault	properNoun	swe	Fourchambault	properNoun	nor
Fourni	properNoun	swe	Foúrni	properNoun	nor
Fowey	properNoun	swe	Fowey	properNoun	nor
Fowler Knoll	properNoun	swe	Fowler Knoll	properNoun	nor
Foyle	properNoun	swe	Foyle	properNoun	nor
Foyn Point	properNoun	swe	Foyn Point	properNoun	nor
Frakes	properNoun	swe	Frakes	properNoun	nor
Fram Mesa	properNoun	swe	Fram Mesa	properNoun	nor
Framlingham	properNoun	swe	Framlingham	properNoun	nor
Frammersbach	properNoun	swe	Frammersbach	properNoun	nor
Framranten	properNoun	swe	Framranten	properNoun	nor
France métropolitaine	properNoun	swe	France métropolitaine	properNoun	nor
Francey Hill	properNoun	swe	Francey Hill	properNoun	nor
Franck Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Franck Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Frankenthal	properNoun	swe	Frankenthal	properNoun	nor
Frankenwald	properNoun	swe	Frankenwald	properNoun	nor
Frankfort	properNoun	swe	Frankfort	properNoun	nor
Frankfurt am Main	properNoun	swe	Frankfurt am Main	properNoun	nor
Frankfurt am Mains flygplats	properNoun	swe	Frankfurt am Main lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Frankfurt am Mains flygplats	properNoun	swe	Frankfurt internasjonale lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Frankfurt an der Oder	properNoun	swe	Frankfurt an der Oder	properNoun	nor
Franklin Delano Roosevelt Airport	properNoun	swe	F.D. Roosevelt lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Frans Josefs land	properNoun	swe	Frans Josefs land	properNoun	nor
Franska Alperna	properNoun	swe	De franske Alpene	properNoun	nor
Franska Alperna	properNoun	swe	Dei franske Alpane	properNoun	nor
Franska Guyana	properNoun	swe	Fransk Guyana	properNoun	nor
Franska Indokina	properNoun	swe	Fransk Indokina	properNoun	nor
Franska Polynesien	properNoun	swe	Fransk Polynesia	properNoun	nor
Franska kolonialimperiet	properNoun	swe	Det franske koloniriket	properNoun	nor
Franska kolonialimperiet	properNoun	swe	det franske koloniriket	properNoun	nor
Franska sydterritorierna	properNoun	swe	De franske sørterritorier	properNoun	nor
Franska sydterritorierna	properNoun	swe	Dei franske sørterritoria	properNoun	nor
Frascati	properNoun	swe	Frascati	properNoun	nor
Fraser Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Fraser Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Fraserburgh	properNoun	swe	Fraserburgh	properNoun	nor
Fraubrunnen	properNoun	swe	Fraubrunnen	properNoun	nor
Frauenfeld	properNoun	swe	Frauenfeld	properNoun	nor
Frauenkappelen	properNoun	swe	Frauenkappelen	properNoun	nor
Frauenkirche	properNoun	swe	Frauenkirche	properNoun	nor
Frauenkirche	properNoun	swe	Frauenkirche	properNoun	nor
Frauenkirche	properNoun	swe	Vår Frue kirke	properNoun	nor
Frauental an der Laßnitz	properNoun	swe	Frauental an der Laßnitz	properNoun	nor
Frauenthal	properNoun	swe	Frauenthal	properNoun	nor
Frauenwald	properNoun	swe	Frauenwald	properNoun	nor
Frechen	properNoun	swe	Frechen	properNoun	nor
Freckenhorst	properNoun	swe	Freckenhorst	properNoun	nor
Freden	properNoun	swe	Freden	properNoun	nor
Fredensborgs kommun	properNoun	swe	Fredensborg kommune	properNoun	nor
Fredericia kommun	properNoun	swe	Fredericia kommune	properNoun	nor
Fredericiagade	properNoun	swe	Fredericiagade	properNoun	nor
Frederiksbergs kommun	properNoun	swe	Frederiksberg kommune	properNoun	nor
Frederiksborg amt	properNoun	swe	Frederiksborg amt	properNoun	nor
Frederiksborggade	properNoun	swe	Frederiksborggade	properNoun	nor
Frederikshavns kommun	properNoun	swe	Frederikshavn kommune	properNoun	nor
Frederikskirken	properNoun	swe	Marmorkirken	properNoun	nor
Frederikskirken	properNoun	swe	Marmorkyrkja	properNoun	nor
Frederiksstaden	properNoun	swe	Frederiksstaden	properNoun	nor
Frederikssunds kommun	properNoun	swe	Frederikssund kommune	properNoun	nor
Fredes	properNoun	swe	Fredes	properNoun	nor
Fredriksberg	properNoun	swe	Fredriksberg	properNoun	nor
Fredriksdal	properNoun	swe	Fredriksdal	properNoun	nor
Fredrikshamn	properNoun	swe	Frederikshavn	properNoun	nor
Fredrikshamn	properNoun	swe	Fredrikshamn	properNoun	nor
Fredrikstad stadion	properNoun	swe	Fredrikstad Stadion	properNoun	nor
Fredrikstad stadion	properNoun	swe	Fredrikstad stadion	properNoun	nor
Fredrikstads domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Fredrikstad domkirke	properNoun	nor
Fredrikstads domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Fredrikstad domkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Fredriksten	properNoun	swe	Fredriksten	properNoun	nor
Fredsmonumentet i Karlstad	properNoun	swe	Fredsmonumentet i Karlstad	properNoun	nor
Freed	properNoun	swe	Freed	properNoun	nor
Freiberg am Neckar	properNoun	swe	Freiberg am Neckar	properNoun	nor
Freiburg im Breisgau	properNoun	swe	Freiburg im Breisgau	properNoun	nor
Freie Universität Berlin	properNoun	swe	Freie Universität Berlin	properNoun	nor
Freienohl	properNoun	swe	Freienohl	properNoun	nor
Freienwil	properNoun	swe	Freienwil	properNoun	nor
Freimettigen	properNoun	swe	Freimettigen	properNoun	nor
Freising	properNoun	swe	Freising	properNoun	nor
Freixenet	properNoun	swe	Freixenet	properNoun	nor
Frenkendorf	properNoun	swe	Frenkendorf	properNoun	nor
Frenz	properNoun	swe	Frenz	properNoun	nor
Fresens	properNoun	swe	Fresens	properNoun	nor
Freshfield Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Freshfield Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Fresno	properNoun	swe	Fresno	properNoun	nor
Fretter	properNoun	swe	Fretter	properNoun	nor
Freudenberg	properNoun	swe	Freudenberg	properNoun	nor
Freudental	properNoun	swe	Freudental	properNoun	nor
Freyburg	properNoun	swe	Freyburg	properNoun	nor
Fribourg	properNoun	swe	Fribourg	properNoun	nor
Frick	properNoun	swe	Frick	properNoun	nor
Frickley	properNoun	swe	Frickley	properNoun	nor
Fridafors	properNoun	swe	Fridafors	properNoun	nor
Fridlevstad	properNoun	swe	Fridlevstad	properNoun	nor
Fridovich	properNoun	swe	Fridovich	properNoun	nor
Friedeburg	properNoun	swe	Friedeburg	properNoun	nor
Friedenthal	properNoun	swe	Friedenthal	properNoun	nor
Friedersdorf	properNoun	swe	Friedersdorf	properNoun	nor
Friedhof Ohlsdorf	properNoun	swe	Ohlsdorf gravlund	properNoun	nor
Friedmann Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Friedmann Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Friedmann Valley	properNoun	swe	Friedmann Valley	properNoun	nor
Friedrichsdorf	properNoun	swe	Friedrichsdorf	properNoun	nor
Friedrichsfeld	properNoun	swe	Friedrichsfeld	properNoun	nor
Friedrichshafen	properNoun	swe	Friedrichshafen	properNoun	nor
Friedrichshöhe	properNoun	swe	Friedrichshöhe	properNoun	nor
Friedrichstadt	properNoun	swe	Friedrichstadt	properNoun	nor
Friedrichsthal	properNoun	swe	Friedrichsthal	properNoun	nor
Frierfjorden	properNoun	swe	Frierfjorden	properNoun	nor
Friesheim	properNoun	swe	Friesheim	properNoun	nor
Friesland	properNoun	swe	Friesland	properNoun	nor
Friesoythe	properNoun	swe	Friesoythe	properNoun	nor
Frigate Range	properNoun	swe	Frigate Range	properNoun	nor
Friggesund	properNoun	swe	Friggesund	properNoun	nor
Frihetsgudinnan	properNoun	swe	Fridomsgudinna	properNoun	nor
Frihetsgudinnan	properNoun	swe	Frihetsgudinnen	properNoun	nor
Friidrott vid olympiska sommarspelen	properNoun	swe	Friidrett under Sommar-OL	properNoun	nor
Friis Hills	properNoun	swe	Friis Hills	properNoun	nor
Frilihorn	properNoun	swe	Frilihorn	properNoun	nor
Frille	properNoun	swe	Frille	properNoun	nor
Frillesås	properNoun	swe	Frillesås	properNoun	nor
Fringe Rocks	properNoun	swe	Fringe Rocks	properNoun	nor
Frinnaryd	properNoun	swe	Frinnaryd	properNoun	nor
Frisiska öarna	properNoun	swe	De frisiske øyer	properNoun	nor
Frisiska öarna	properNoun	swe	Dei frisiske øyane	properNoun	nor
Fristad	properNoun	swe	Fristad	properNoun	nor
Fristaten Preussen	properNoun	swe	Fristaten Preussen	properNoun	nor
Fritsche	properNoun	swe	Fritsche	properNoun	nor
Fritsen Valley	properNoun	swe	Fritsen Valley	properNoun	nor
Fritsla	properNoun	swe	Fritsla	properNoun	nor
Frogner stadion	properNoun	swe	Frogner stadion	properNoun	nor
Frohburg	properNoun	swe	Frohburg	properNoun	nor
Frohnalpstock	properNoun	swe	Fronalpstock	properNoun	nor
Frohnhausen	properNoun	swe	Frohnhausen	properNoun	nor
Frolosh Point	properNoun	swe	Frolosh Point	properNoun	nor
Frolov Ridge	properNoun	swe	Frolov Ridge	properNoun	nor
Fromberghorn	properNoun	swe	Fromberghore	properNoun	nor
Frome	properNoun	swe	Frome	properNoun	nor
Fronhoven	properNoun	swe	Fronhoven	properNoun	nor
Fronreute	properNoun	swe	Fronreute	properNoun	nor
Frontier Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Frontier Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Frontz	properNoun	swe	Frontz	properNoun	nor
Frosinone	properNoun	swe	Frosinone	properNoun	nor
Frost Rocks	properNoun	swe	Frost Rocks	properNoun	nor
Frostastaðavatn	properNoun	swe	Frostastaðavatn	properNoun	nor
Frufällan	properNoun	swe	Frufällan	properNoun	nor
Frunthorn	properNoun	swe	Frunthorn	properNoun	nor
Fruška Gora	properNoun	swe	Fruška Gora	properNoun	nor
Frustum	properNoun	swe	Frustum	properNoun	nor
Frutigen	properNoun	swe	Frutigen	properNoun	nor
Fry Saddle	properNoun	swe	Fry Saddle	properNoun	nor
Frygien	properNoun	swe	Frygia	properNoun	nor
Fryxell	properNoun	swe	Fryxell	properNoun	nor
Främlingslegionen	properNoun	swe	Framandlegionen	properNoun	nor
Främlingslegionen	properNoun	swe	Fremmedlegionen	properNoun	nor
Främmestad	properNoun	swe	Främmestad	properNoun	nor
Främre Orienten	properNoun	swe	Det nære Austen	properNoun	nor
Främre Orienten	properNoun	swe	Det nære østen	properNoun	nor
Frändefors	properNoun	swe	Frändefors	properNoun	nor
Fränsta	properNoun	swe	Fränsta	properNoun	nor
Fräschels	properNoun	swe	Fräschels	properNoun	nor
Frånö	properNoun	swe	Frånö	properNoun	nor
Frödinge	properNoun	swe	Frödinge	properNoun	nor
Frösakull	properNoun	swe	Frösakull	properNoun	nor
Frösjön	properNoun	swe	Frösjön	properNoun	nor
Frösön	properNoun	swe	Frösön	properNoun	nor
Frövi	properNoun	swe	Frövi	properNoun	nor
Frøslev	properNoun	swe	Frøslev	properNoun	nor
Fründenhorn	properNoun	swe	Fründenhorn	properNoun	nor
Ftan	properNoun	swe	Ftan	properNoun	nor
Fthiotis	properNoun	swe	Fthiotis	properNoun	nor
Fthiotis	properNoun	swe	Fthiótida	properNoun	nor
Fuchs Dome	properNoun	swe	Fuchs Dome	properNoun	nor
Fudanuniversitetet	properNoun	swe	Fudanuniversitetet	properNoun	nor
Fuengirola	properNoun	swe	Fuengirola	properNoun	nor
Fuenlabrada	properNoun	swe	Fuenlabrada	properNoun	nor
Fuerteventura	properNoun	swe	Fuerteventura	properNoun	nor
Fuglevik	properNoun	swe	Fuglevik	properNoun	nor
Fugloy	properNoun	swe	Fugloy	properNoun	nor
Fuhse	properNoun	swe	Fuhse	properNoun	nor
Fuji	properNoun	swe	Fuji	properNoun	nor
Fujian	properNoun	swe	Fujian	properNoun	nor
Fukushima I	properNoun	swe	Fukushima I	properNoun	nor
Fulan	properNoun	swe	Fulan	properNoun	nor
Fulani	properNoun	swe	Fulani	properNoun	nor
Fulani	properNoun	swe	Fulaniar	properNoun	nor
Fulhorn	properNoun	swe	Fulhorn	properNoun	nor
Fuller Dome	properNoun	swe	Fuller Dome	properNoun	nor
Fullerstaån	properNoun	swe	Fullerstaån	properNoun	nor
Fullerton	properNoun	swe	Fullerton	properNoun	nor
Fulmar Crags	properNoun	swe	Fulmar Crags	properNoun	nor
Funafuti	properNoun	swe	Funafuti	properNoun	nor
Funchal	properNoun	swe	Funchal	properNoun	nor
Funing	properNoun	swe	Funing	properNoun	nor
Funäsdalen	properNoun	swe	Funäsdalen	properNoun	nor
Furesø kommun	properNoun	swe	Furesø kommune	properNoun	nor
Furesø	properNoun	swe	Furesø	properNoun	nor
Furggeltihorn	properNoun	swe	Furggeltihorn	properNoun	nor
Furggenspitz	properNoun	swe	Furggenspitz	properNoun	nor
Furgler	properNoun	swe	Furgler	properNoun	nor
Furman Bluffs	properNoun	swe	Furman Bluffs	properNoun	nor
Furna	properNoun	swe	Furna	properNoun	nor
Furnas	properNoun	swe	Furnas	properNoun	nor
Furstbiskopdömet Liège	properNoun	swe	Fyrstbispedømet Liège	properNoun	nor
Furstbiskopdömet Liège	properNoun	swe	Fyrstbispedømmet Liège	properNoun	nor
Furth im Wald	properNoun	swe	Furth im Wald	properNoun	nor
Furth	properNoun	swe	Furth	properNoun	nor
Furuby	properNoun	swe	Furuby	properNoun	nor
Furudal	properNoun	swe	Furudal	properNoun	nor
Furusjö	properNoun	swe	Furusjö	properNoun	nor
Furuvik	properNoun	swe	Furuvik	properNoun	nor
Fusco Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Fusco Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Fushun	properNoun	swe	Fushun	properNoun	nor
Fusignano	properNoun	swe	Fusignano	properNoun	nor
Fuxin	properNoun	swe	Fuxin	properNoun	nor
Fuyang	properNoun	swe	Fuyang	properNoun	nor
Fuzhou	properNoun	swe	Fuzhou	properNoun	nor
Fußberg	properNoun	swe	Fußberg	properNoun	nor
Fyfe Hills	properNoun	swe	Fyfe Hills	properNoun	nor
Fylkesväg 17	properNoun	swe	Fylkesveg 17	properNoun	nor
Fylkesväg 17	properNoun	swe	Fylkesvei 17	properNoun	nor
Fylleån	properNoun	swe	Fylleån	properNoun	nor
Fyllinge	properNoun	swe	Fyllinge	properNoun	nor
Fyns amt	properNoun	swe	Fyns amt	properNoun	nor
Fyrbakken	properNoun	swe	Fyrbakken	properNoun	nor
Fyrisån	properNoun	swe	Fyrisån	properNoun	nor
Fâraïya	properNoun	swe	Faraya	properNoun	nor
Fällanden	properNoun	swe	Fällanden	properNoun	nor
Fälö by	properNoun	swe	Fälö by	properNoun	nor
Färgelanda kommun	properNoun	swe	Färgelanda kommune	properNoun	nor
Färgelanda	properNoun	swe	Färgelanda	properNoun	nor
Färichhorn	properNoun	swe	Färichhorn	properNoun	nor
Färila	properNoun	swe	Färila	properNoun	nor
Färingsö	properNoun	swe	Färingsö	properNoun	nor
Färjestaden	properNoun	swe	Färjestaden	properNoun	nor
Färlöv	properNoun	swe	Färlöv	properNoun	nor
Färnäs	properNoun	swe	Färnäs	properNoun	nor
Färöarnas konstmuseum	properNoun	swe	Listasavn Føroya	properNoun	nor
Fågelfors	properNoun	swe	Fågelfors	properNoun	nor
Fågelsta	properNoun	swe	Fågelsta	properNoun	nor
Fågelvikshöjden	properNoun	swe	Fågelvikshöjden	properNoun	nor
Fåglavik	properNoun	swe	Fåglavik	properNoun	nor
Fåker	properNoun	swe	Fåker	properNoun	nor
Fångsjön	properNoun	swe	Fångsjön	properNoun	nor
Fårbo	properNoun	swe	Fårbo	properNoun	nor
Fårvang	properNoun	swe	Fårvang	properNoun	nor
Fårö	properNoun	swe	Fårö	properNoun	nor
Fårösund	properNoun	swe	Fårösund	properNoun	nor
Fædrelandet	properNoun	swe	Fædrelandet	properNoun	nor
Færder nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Færder nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Fès	properNoun	swe	Fès	properNoun	nor
Féchy	properNoun	swe	Féchy	properNoun	nor
Fétigny	properNoun	swe	Fétigny	properNoun	nor
Föllinge	properNoun	swe	Föllinge	properNoun	nor
Fördraget i Stettin	properNoun	swe	Stettin-traktaten	properNoun	nor
Förenade arabrepubliken	properNoun	swe	Den forente arabiske republikk	properNoun	nor
Förenade arabrepubliken	properNoun	swe	Den sameinte arabiske republikken	properNoun	nor
Förenade kungariket Storbritannien och Irland	properNoun	swe	Det forente kongerike Storbritannia og Irland	properNoun	nor
Förenade kungariket Storbritannien och Irland	properNoun	swe	Det sameinte kongeriket Storbritannia og Irland	properNoun	nor
Förenade kungarikets parlament	properNoun	swe	Det britiske parlamentet	properNoun	nor
Förenta nationerna	properNoun	swe	Dei sameinte nasjonane	properNoun	nor
Förenta nationerna	properNoun	swe	De forente nasjoner	properNoun	nor
Förslöv	properNoun	swe	Förslöv	properNoun	nor
Första slaget vid Ypern	properNoun	swe	Det første slaget ved Ypres	properNoun	nor
Førde flygplats	properNoun	swe	Førde lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Førde	properNoun	swe	Førde Sentrum	properNoun	nor
Føynland	properNoun	swe	Føynland	properNoun	nor
Füllinsdorf	properNoun	swe	Füllinsdorf	properNoun	nor
Fürberg	properNoun	swe	Fürberg	properNoun	nor
Fürstenau	properNoun	swe	Fürstenau	properNoun	nor
Fürstenberg	properNoun	swe	Fürstenberg	properNoun	nor
GUM	properNoun	swe	GUM	properNoun	nor
Gabbro Crest	properNoun	swe	Gabbro Crest	properNoun	nor
Gabbro Hills	properNoun	swe	Gabbro Hills	properNoun	nor
Gaborone	properNoun	swe	Gaborone	properNoun	nor
Gabrielstorp	properNoun	swe	Gabrielstorp	properNoun	nor
Gadarene Lake	properNoun	swe	Gadarene Lake	properNoun	nor
Gadarene Ridge	properNoun	swe	Gadarene Ridge	properNoun	nor
Gadmen	properNoun	swe	Gadmen	properNoun	nor
Gadsdorf	properNoun	swe	Gadsdorf	properNoun	nor
Gadzjijevo	properNoun	swe	Gadzjijevo	properNoun	nor
Gaeta	properNoun	swe	Gaeta	properNoun	nor
Gaetabukten	properNoun	swe	Gaetabukta	properNoun	nor
Gagarin	properNoun	swe	Gagarin	properNoun	nor
Gagauzien	properNoun	swe	Gagaus	properNoun	nor
Gagauzien	properNoun	swe	Gagauzia	properNoun	nor
Gagge	properNoun	swe	Gagge	properNoun	nor
Gaggenau	properNoun	swe	Gaggenau	properNoun	nor
Gagnef	properNoun	swe	Gagnef	properNoun	nor
Gagnefs kommun	properNoun	swe	Gagnef kommune	properNoun	nor
Gagrabergen	properNoun	swe	Gagrafjella	properNoun	nor
Gagrabergen	properNoun	swe	Gagrafjellene	properNoun	nor
Gaienhofen	properNoun	swe	Gaienhofen	properNoun	nor
Gail	properNoun	swe	Gail	properNoun	nor
Gaildorf	properNoun	swe	Gaildorf	properNoun	nor
Gaillac	properNoun	swe	Gaillac	properNoun	nor
Gaim	properNoun	swe	Gaim	properNoun	nor
Gain	properNoun	swe	Gain	properNoun	nor
Gainesville	properNoun	swe	Gainesville	properNoun	nor
Gainsborough	properNoun	swe	Gainsborough	properNoun	nor
Gair Mesa	properNoun	swe	Gair Mesa	properNoun	nor
Gais	properNoun	swe	Gais	properNoun	nor
Gaiserwald	properNoun	swe	Gaiserwald	properNoun	nor
Gaiziņkalns	properNoun	swe	Gaizinkalns	properNoun	nor
Gaiziņkalns	properNoun	swe	Gaiziņkalns	properNoun	nor
Gákkajávri	properNoun	swe	Gákkajávri	properNoun	nor
Galápagosöarna	properNoun	swe	Galápagosøyane	properNoun	nor
Galápagosöarna	properNoun	swe	Galápagosøyene	properNoun	nor
Galashiels	properNoun	swe	Galashiels	properNoun	nor
Galaţi	properNoun	swe	Galaţi	properNoun	nor
Galaţi	properNoun	swe	Galați	properNoun	nor
Gale Ridge	properNoun	swe	Gale Ridge	properNoun	nor
Galehorn	properNoun	swe	Galehorn	properNoun	nor
Galenstock	properNoun	swe	Galenstock	properNoun	nor
Galgenen	properNoun	swe	Galgenen	properNoun	nor
Galileen	properNoun	swe	Galilea	properNoun	nor
Galileiska sjön	properNoun	swe	Genesaretsjøen	properNoun	nor
Genesaretsjøen	properNoun	swe	Genesaretsjøen	properNoun	nor
Galizien	properNoun	swe	Galicia	properNoun	nor
Galizien	properNoun	swe	Galizia	properNoun	nor
Galkin Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Galkin Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Gallarate	properNoun	swe	Gallarate	properNoun	nor
Gallauistöck	properNoun	swe	Gallauistöck	properNoun	nor
Gallen Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Gallen Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Gallenkirch	properNoun	swe	Gallenkirch	properNoun	nor
Gallien	properNoun	swe	Gallia	properNoun	nor
Gallipoli Heights	properNoun	swe	Gallipoli Heights	properNoun	nor
Gallipoli	properNoun	swe	Gelibolu	properNoun	nor
Galmiz	properNoun	swe	Galmiz	properNoun	nor
Gals	properNoun	swe	Gals	properNoun	nor
Galway	properNoun	swe	Galway	properNoun	nor
Gamage Point	properNoun	swe	Gamage Point	properNoun	nor
Gambarogno	properNoun	swe	Gambarogno	properNoun	nor
Gambiafloden	properNoun	swe	Gambia	properNoun	nor
Gambiafloden	properNoun	swe	Gambiaelva	properNoun	nor
Gamble Cone	properNoun	swe	Gamble Cone	properNoun	nor
Gamburtsev Subglacial Mountains	properNoun	swe	Gamburtsevfjella	properNoun	nor
Gamla Raumo	properNoun	swe	Gamle Raumo	properNoun	nor
Gamla Svinesundsbron	properNoun	swe	Den gamle Svinesundsbrua	properNoun	nor
Gamla Uppsala	properNoun	swe	Gamle Uppsala	properNoun	nor
Gamleby	properNoun	swe	Gamleby	properNoun	nor
Gamlehaugen	properNoun	swe	Gamlehaugen	properNoun	nor
Gamma Hill	properNoun	swe	Gamma Hill	properNoun	nor
Gammalsvenskby	properNoun	swe	Gammalsvenskby	properNoun	nor
Gammel Kongevej	properNoun	swe	Gammel Kongevej	properNoun	nor
Gammel Strand	properNoun	swe	Gammel Strand	properNoun	nor
Gammelgården	properNoun	swe	Gammelgården	properNoun	nor
Gammelstads kyrkstad	properNoun	swe	Gammelstads kirkeby	properNoun	nor
Gammelstads kyrkstad	properNoun	swe	Gammelstads kyrkstad	properNoun	nor
Gammelströmmen	properNoun	swe	Gammelströmmen	properNoun	nor
Gammertingen	properNoun	swe	Gammertingen	properNoun	nor
Gampelen	properNoun	swe	Gampelen	properNoun	nor
Gamprin	properNoun	swe	Gamprin	properNoun	nor
Ganderkesee	properNoun	swe	Ganderkesee	properNoun	nor
Gandia	properNoun	swe	Gandia	properNoun	nor
Gangelt	properNoun	swe	Gangelt	properNoun	nor
Gangkhar Puensum	properNoun	swe	Gangker Punsum	properNoun	nor
Gangkhar Puensum	properNoun	swe	Gangkhar Puensum	properNoun	nor
Gangtok	properNoun	swe	Gangtok	properNoun	nor
Gannan	properNoun	swe	Gannan	properNoun	nor
Gannon Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Gannon Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Gansingen	properNoun	swe	Gansingen	properNoun	nor
Gansu	properNoun	swe	Gansu	properNoun	nor
Ganterschwil	properNoun	swe	Ganterschwil	properNoun	nor
Gantofta	properNoun	swe	Gantofta	properNoun	nor
Gantrisch	properNoun	swe	Gantrisch	properNoun	nor
Ganymede Heights	properNoun	swe	Ganymede Heights	properNoun	nor
Ganzhou	properNoun	swe	Ganzhou	properNoun	nor
Gao	properNoun	swe	Gao	properNoun	nor
Gaocheng	properNoun	swe	Gaocheng	properNoun	nor
Gap	properNoun	swe	Gap	properNoun	nor
Gappenach	properNoun	swe	Gappenach	properNoun	nor
Garbsen	properNoun	swe	Garbsen	properNoun	nor
Garcia Point	properNoun	swe	Garcia Point	properNoun	nor
Garczynski Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Garczynski Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Gardasjön	properNoun	swe	Gardasjøen	properNoun	nor
Garde de Bordon	properNoun	swe	Garde de Bordon	properNoun	nor
Gardelegen	properNoun	swe	Gardelegen	properNoun	nor
Garden Theatre	properNoun	swe	Garden Theatre	properNoun	nor
Gardena	properNoun	swe	Gardena	properNoun	nor
Gardermobanen	properNoun	swe	Gardermobanen	properNoun	nor
Garding	properNoun	swe	Garding	properNoun	nor
Gardner Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Gardner Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Gardsjönäs	properNoun	swe	Gardsjönäs	properNoun	nor
Garforth	properNoun	swe	Garforth	properNoun	nor
Gargano	properNoun	swe	Gargano	properNoun	nor
Gargnäs	properNoun	swe	Gargnäs	properNoun	nor
Gargrave	properNoun	swe	Gargrave	properNoun	nor
Garmen Point	properNoun	swe	Garmen Point	properNoun	nor
Garmo stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Garmo stavkirke	properNoun	nor
Garmo stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Garmo stavkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Garnerin	properNoun	swe	Garnerin	properNoun	nor
Garonne	properNoun	swe	Garonne	properNoun	nor
Garpenberg	properNoun	swe	Garpenberg	properNoun	nor
Garphyttan	properNoun	swe	Garphyttan	properNoun	nor
Garrick Theatre	properNoun	swe	Garrick Theatre	properNoun	nor
Garsdale	properNoun	swe	Garsdale	properNoun	nor
Garstang	properNoun	swe	Garstang	properNoun	nor
Garstedt	properNoun	swe	Garstedt	properNoun	nor
Garston	properNoun	swe	Garston	properNoun	nor
Gartenstadt	properNoun	swe	Gartenstadt	properNoun	nor
Gartz	properNoun	swe	Gartz	properNoun	nor
Garwood Point	properNoun	swe	Garwood Point	properNoun	nor
Garwood Valley	properNoun	swe	Garwood Valley	properNoun	nor
Garzweiler	properNoun	swe	Garzweiler	properNoun	nor
Garzê	properNoun	swe	Garzê	properNoun	nor
Gascogne	properNoun	swe	Gascogne	properNoun	nor
Gasherbrum I	properNoun	swe	Gasherbrum I	properNoun	nor
Gasherbrum II	properNoun	swe	Gasherbrum II	properNoun	nor
Gassin	properNoun	swe	Gassin	properNoun	nor
Gateshead	properNoun	swe	Gateshead	properNoun	nor
Gateway Hills	properNoun	swe	Gateway Hills	properNoun	nor
Gateway Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Gateway Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Gateway Pass	properNoun	swe	Gateway Pass	properNoun	nor
Gateway Ridge	properNoun	swe	Gateway Ridge	properNoun	nor
Gattjina	properNoun	swe	Gattsjina	properNoun	nor
Gatúnsjön	properNoun	swe	Gatúnsjøen	properNoun	nor
Gaudry	properNoun	swe	Gaudry	properNoun	nor
Gauntlet Ridge	properNoun	swe	Gauntlet Ridge	properNoun	nor
Gaupne	properNoun	swe	Gaupne	properNoun	nor
Gaupnefjorden	properNoun	swe	Gaupnefjorden	properNoun	nor
Gaussberg	properNoun	swe	Gaussberg	properNoun	nor
Gauteng	properNoun	swe	Gauteng	properNoun	nor
Gavaghan	properNoun	swe	Gavaghan	properNoun	nor
Gavdos	properNoun	swe	Gávdos	properNoun	nor
Gavdos	properNoun	swe	Gavdos	properNoun	nor
Gavleån	properNoun	swe	Gavleån	properNoun	nor
Gavlpiggen	properNoun	swe	Gavlpiggen	properNoun	nor
Gawne Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Gawne Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Gaylord Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Gaylord Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Gaylord Ridge	properNoun	swe	Gaylord Ridge	properNoun	nor
Gaziantep	properNoun	swe	Gaziantep	properNoun	nor
Gdańsk	properNoun	swe	Gdańsk	properNoun	nor
Gdańskbukten	properNoun	swe	Gdańskbukta	properNoun	nor
Gdańskbukten	properNoun	swe	Gdańskbukten	properNoun	nor
Gdynia Point	properNoun	swe	Gdynia Point	properNoun	nor
Geavdnjajávri	properNoun	swe	Geavdnjajávri	properNoun	nor
Gebenstorf	properNoun	swe	Gebenstorf	properNoun	nor
Geber	properNoun	swe	Geber	properNoun	nor
Gebidum	properNoun	swe	Gebidum	properNoun	nor
Geddes Crag	properNoun	swe	Geddes Crag	properNoun	nor
Gedern	properNoun	swe	Gedern	properNoun	nor
Geeste	properNoun	swe	Geeste	properNoun	nor
Geesthacht	properNoun	swe	Geesthacht	properNoun	nor
Gehenna	properNoun	swe	Gehenna	properNoun	nor
Gehn	properNoun	swe	Gehn	properNoun	nor
Gehrden	properNoun	swe	Gehrden	properNoun	nor
Gehren	properNoun	swe	Gehren	properNoun	nor
Gehrihorn	properNoun	swe	Gehrihorn	properNoun	nor
Geijersholm	properNoun	swe	Geijersholm	properNoun	nor
Geikie Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Geikie Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Geikie Ridge	properNoun	swe	Geikie Ridge	properNoun	nor
Geilenkirchen	properNoun	swe	Geilenkirchen	properNoun	nor
Geirangerfjorden	properNoun	swe	Geirangerfjorden	properNoun	nor
Geirfuglasker	properNoun	swe	Geirfuglasker	properNoun	nor
Geisel	properNoun	swe	Geisel	properNoun	nor
Geislingen an der Steige	properNoun	swe	Geislingen an der Steige	properNoun	nor
Geislingen	properNoun	swe	Geislingen	properNoun	nor
Geissel	properNoun	swe	Geissel	properNoun	nor
Gela Point	properNoun	swe	Gela Point	properNoun	nor
Gela	properNoun	swe	Gela	properNoun	nor
Gelderland	properNoun	swe	Gelderland	properNoun	nor
Geldern	properNoun	swe	Geldern	properNoun	nor
Geldungur	properNoun	swe	Geldungur	properNoun	nor
Gellerupparken	properNoun	swe	Gellerupparken	properNoun	nor
Gelmersee	properNoun	swe	Gelmersee	properNoun	nor
Gelsenkirchen	properNoun	swe	Gelsenkirchen	properNoun	nor
Gelterfingen	properNoun	swe	Gelterfingen	properNoun	nor
Gelterkinden	properNoun	swe	Gelterkinden	properNoun	nor
Gelting	properNoun	swe	Gelting	properNoun	nor
Geltwil	properNoun	swe	Geltwil	properNoun	nor
Gemen	properNoun	swe	Gemen	properNoun	nor
Gemini Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Gemini Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Gemini Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Gemini Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Gemla	properNoun	swe	Gemla	properNoun	nor
Gempenach	properNoun	swe	Gempenach	properNoun	nor
Gemsstock	properNoun	swe	Gemsstock	properNoun	nor
Gemünden am Main	properNoun	swe	Gemünden am Main	properNoun	nor
Gemünden	properNoun	swe	Gemünden	properNoun	nor
Genarp	properNoun	swe	Genarp	properNoun	nor
Genazzano	properNoun	swe	Genazzano	properNoun	nor
Genecand	properNoun	swe	Genecand	properNoun	nor
Genevad	properNoun	swe	Genevad	properNoun	nor
Genevadsån	properNoun	swe	Genevadsån	properNoun	nor
Genghis Hills	properNoun	swe	Genghis Hills	properNoun	nor
Gennargentu	properNoun	swe	Gennargentu	properNoun	nor
Genova	properNoun	swe	Genova	properNoun	nor
Genua	properNoun	swe	Genova	properNoun	nor
Genthin	properNoun	swe	Genthin	properNoun	nor
Genthod	properNoun	swe	Genthod	properNoun	nor
Gentile Point	properNoun	swe	Gentile Point	properNoun	nor
Gentofte kommun	properNoun	swe	Gentofte kommune	properNoun	nor
Gentofte	properNoun	swe	Gentofte	properNoun	nor
Genuabukten	properNoun	swe	Genovabukta	properNoun	nor
Genuabukten	properNoun	swe	Genovabukten	properNoun	nor
Genzano di Roma	properNoun	swe	Genzano di Roma	properNoun	nor
Genève	properNoun	swe	Genève	properNoun	nor
Genèvesjön	properNoun	swe	Genfersjøen	properNoun	nor
Geode Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Geode Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Geoffrey Hills	properNoun	swe	Geoffrey Hills	properNoun	nor
Geologists Range	properNoun	swe	Geologists Range	properNoun	nor
George Nunatak	properNoun	swe	George Nunatak	properNoun	nor
George Town	properNoun	swe	George Town	properNoun	nor
George V Land	properNoun	swe	George V Land	properNoun	nor
Georgia	properNoun	swe	Georgia	properNoun	nor
Georgijevsk	properNoun	swe	Georgijevsk	properNoun	nor
Georgsmarienhütte	properNoun	swe	Georgsmarienhütte	properNoun	nor
Gera	properNoun	swe	Gera	properNoun	nor
Gerabronn	properNoun	swe	Gerabronn	properNoun	nor
Gerbstedt	properNoun	swe	Gerbstedt	properNoun	nor
Gerdau	properNoun	swe	Gerdau	properNoun	nor
Gerdel	properNoun	swe	Gerdel	properNoun	nor
Gerderath	properNoun	swe	Gerderath	properNoun	nor
Gericht	properNoun	swe	Gericht	properNoun	nor
Gerisim	properNoun	swe	Gerisim	properNoun	nor
Gerlachovský štít	properNoun	swe	Gerlachovský štít	properNoun	nor
Gerlingen	properNoun	swe	Gerlingen	properNoun	nor
Germanien	properNoun	swe	Germania	properNoun	nor
Germiston	properNoun	swe	Germiston	properNoun	nor
Gernrode	properNoun	swe	Gernrode	properNoun	nor
Gerov Pass	properNoun	swe	Gerov Pass	properNoun	nor
Gersau	properNoun	swe	Gersau	properNoun	nor
Gersten	properNoun	swe	Gersten	properNoun	nor
Gervaize Rocks	properNoun	swe	Gervaize Rocks	properNoun	nor
Gerzensee	properNoun	swe	Gerzensee	properNoun	nor
Gescher	properNoun	swe	Gescher	properNoun	nor
Geseke	properNoun	swe	Geseke	properNoun	nor
Gessel	properNoun	swe	Gessel	properNoun	nor
Gessie villastad	properNoun	swe	Gessie villastad	properNoun	nor
Gessnertind	properNoun	swe	Gessnertind	properNoun	nor
Gesunda	properNoun	swe	Gesunda	properNoun	nor
Gesunden	properNoun	swe	Gesunden	properNoun	nor
Getafe	properNoun	swe	Getafe	properNoun	nor
Getaren	properNoun	swe	Getaren	properNoun	nor
Getinge	properNoun	swe	Getinge	properNoun	nor
Getterön	properNoun	swe	Getterön	properNoun	nor
Getxo	properNoun	swe	Getxo	properNoun	nor
Gevelsberg	properNoun	swe	Gevelsberg	properNoun	nor
Gex	properNoun	swe	Gex	properNoun	nor
Ggantija	properNoun	swe	Ġgantija	properNoun	nor
Ghadames	properNoun	swe	Ghadames	properNoun	nor
Ghadames	properNoun	swe	Ghadamis	properNoun	nor
Ghanariket	properNoun	swe	Ghanariket	properNoun	nor
Ghawarfältet	properNoun	swe	Ghawarfeltet	properNoun	nor
Ghouta	properNoun	swe	Ghouta	properNoun	nor
Giannutri	properNoun	swe	Giannutri	properNoun	nor
Giard	properNoun	swe	Giard	properNoun	nor
Gibberyds gård	properNoun	swe	Garden Katthult	properNoun	nor
Gibbon Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Gibbon Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Gibbon	properNoun	swe	Gibbon	properNoun	nor
Gibloux	properNoun	swe	Gibloux	properNoun	nor
Gibney Reef	properNoun	swe	Gibney Reef	properNoun	nor
Gibraltarstredet	properNoun	swe	Gibraltarstredet	properNoun	nor
Gibraltar sund	properNoun	swe	Gibraltarstredet	properNoun	nor
Gibraltar sund	properNoun	swe	Gibraltarsundet	properNoun	nor
Gideälven	properNoun	swe	Gideälven	properNoun	nor
Gideå	properNoun	swe	Gideå	properNoun	nor
Giebel	properNoun	swe	Giebel	properNoun	nor
Giebenach	properNoun	swe	Giebenach	properNoun	nor
Gieboldehausen	properNoun	swe	Gieboldehausen	properNoun	nor
Giekau	properNoun	swe	Giekau	properNoun	nor
Giengen an der Brenz	properNoun	swe	Giengen an der Brenz	properNoun	nor
Giesen	properNoun	swe	Giesen	properNoun	nor
Giessen	properNoun	swe	Gießen	properNoun	nor
Giferspitz	properNoun	swe	Giferspitz	properNoun	nor
Giffers	properNoun	swe	Giffers	properNoun	nor
Gifhorn	properNoun	swe	Gifhorn	properNoun	nor
Giglio	properNoun	swe	Giglio	properNoun	nor
Giglistock	properNoun	swe	Giglistock	properNoun	nor
Gignac	properNoun	swe	Gignac	properNoun	nor
Gihonkällan	properNoun	swe	Gihonkilden	properNoun	nor
Gihonkällan	properNoun	swe	Gihonkjelda	properNoun	nor
Gijón	properNoun	swe	Gijón	properNoun	nor
Gilan	properNoun	swe	Gilan	properNoun	nor
Gilbertöarna	properNoun	swe	Gilbertøyane	properNoun	nor
Gilbertöarna	properNoun	swe	Gilbertøyene	properNoun	nor
Gilbjerg hoved	properNoun	swe	Gilbjerg Hoved	properNoun	nor
Gilleleje	properNoun	swe	Gilleleje	properNoun	nor
Gillett Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Gillett Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Gillingham	properNoun	swe	Gillingham	properNoun	nor
Gillmor	properNoun	swe	Gillmor	properNoun	nor
Gilmour	properNoun	swe	Gilmour	properNoun	nor
Gimborn	properNoun	swe	Gimborn	properNoun	nor
Gimmersta	properNoun	swe	Gimmersta	properNoun	nor
Gimo	properNoun	swe	Gimo	properNoun	nor
Gimån	properNoun	swe	Gimån	properNoun	nor
Gimåt	properNoun	swe	Gimåt	properNoun	nor
Ginderich	properNoun	swe	Ginderich	properNoun	nor
Gindorf	properNoun	swe	Gindorf	properNoun	nor
Ginsburg	properNoun	swe	Ginsburg	properNoun	nor
Giresun	properNoun	swe	Giresun	properNoun	nor
Girona	properNoun	swe	Girona	properNoun	nor
Gironde	properNoun	swe	Gironde	properNoun	nor
Girondeestuariet	properNoun	swe	Gironde-estuaret	properNoun	nor
Girondeestuariet	properNoun	swe	Girondeestuariet	properNoun	nor
Gisborne	properNoun	swe	Gisborne	properNoun	nor
Gislaved	properNoun	swe	Gislaved	properNoun	nor
Gislaveds kommun	properNoun	swe	Gislaved kommune	properNoun	nor
Gisle Surssons saga	properNoun	swe	Gisle Surssons saga	properNoun	nor
Gisle Surssons saga	properNoun	swe	Soga om Gisle Sursson	properNoun	nor
Gislövs läge och Simremarken	properNoun	swe	Gislövs läge och Simremarken	properNoun	nor
Gistad	properNoun	swe	Gistad	properNoun	nor
Giugliano in Campania	properNoun	swe	Giugliano in Campania	properNoun	nor
Giulianova	properNoun	swe	Giulianova	properNoun	nor
Giurgiu	properNoun	swe	Giurgiu	properNoun	nor
Giurtelecu Şimleului	properNoun	swe	Giurtelecu Şimleului	properNoun	nor
Giurtelecu Şimleului	properNoun	swe	Giurtelecu Șimleului	properNoun	nor
Givisiez	properNoun	swe	Givisiez	properNoun	nor
Givrins	properNoun	swe	Givrins	properNoun	nor
Giza	properNoun	swe	Giza	properNoun	nor
Gizaplatån	properNoun	swe	Gizaplatået	properNoun	nor
Giæverryggen	properNoun	swe	Giæverryggen	properNoun	nor
Gjáin	properNoun	swe	Gjáin	properNoun	nor
Gjelsvikfjella	properNoun	swe	Gjelsvikfjella	properNoun	nor
Gjemselund stadion	properNoun	swe	Gjemselund stadion	properNoun	nor
Gjendebu	properNoun	swe	Gjendebu	properNoun	nor
Gjerpens kyrka	properNoun	swe	Gjerpen kirke	properNoun	nor
Gjerpens kyrka	properNoun	swe	Gjerpen kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Gjertsen Promontory	properNoun	swe	Gjertsen Promontory	properNoun	nor
Gjetingsdalen	properNoun	swe	Gjetingsdalen	properNoun	nor
Gjumri	properNoun	swe	Gjumri	properNoun	nor
Gladbach	properNoun	swe	Gladbach	properNoun	nor
Gladsaxe kommun	properNoun	swe	Gladsaxe kommune	properNoun	nor
Gladsaxe kommun	properNoun	swe	Gladsaxe	properNoun	nor
Gladstone	properNoun	swe	Gladstone	properNoun	nor
Gladö kvarn	properNoun	swe	Gladö kvarn	properNoun	nor
Glan	properNoun	swe	Glan	properNoun	nor
Glandaz	properNoun	swe	Glandaz	properNoun	nor
Glandorf	properNoun	swe	Glandorf	properNoun	nor
Glane	properNoun	swe	Glane	properNoun	nor
Glanshammar	properNoun	swe	Glanshammar	properNoun	nor
Glarus Nord	properNoun	swe	Glarus Nord	properNoun	nor
Glarus Süd	properNoun	swe	Glarus Süd	properNoun	nor
Glarus	properNoun	swe	Glarus	properNoun	nor
Glaser Grat	properNoun	swe	Glaser Grat	properNoun	nor
Glastonbury	properNoun	swe	Glastonbury	properNoun	nor
Glatt	properNoun	swe	Glatt	properNoun	nor
Glattwang	properNoun	swe	Glattwang	properNoun	nor
Glava	properNoun	swe	Glava	properNoun	nor
Glazov	properNoun	swe	Glazov	properNoun	nor
Gleadell	properNoun	swe	Gleadell	properNoun	nor
Gleaton	properNoun	swe	Gleaton	properNoun	nor
Glees	properNoun	swe	Glees	properNoun	nor
Gleeson	properNoun	swe	Gleeson	properNoun	nor
Glegghorn	properNoun	swe	Glegghorn	properNoun	nor
Glehn	properNoun	swe	Glehn	properNoun	nor
Glemmingebro	properNoun	swe	Glemmingebro	properNoun	nor
Glen Coe	properNoun	swe	Glen Coe	properNoun	nor
Glendale	properNoun	swe	Glendale	properNoun	nor
Glenelg	properNoun	swe	Glenelg	properNoun	nor
Glenfield	properNoun	swe	Glenfield	properNoun	nor
Glenne	properNoun	swe	Glenne	properNoun	nor
Glenrothes	properNoun	swe	Glenrothes	properNoun	nor
Gletscher Ducan	properNoun	swe	Gletscher Ducan	properNoun	nor
Gletterens	properNoun	swe	Gletterens	properNoun	nor
Gleuel	properNoun	swe	Gleuel	properNoun	nor
Glimåkra	properNoun	swe	Glimåkra	properNoun	nor
Glinde	properNoun	swe	Glinde	properNoun	nor
Glishorn	properNoun	swe	Glishorn	properNoun	nor
Glittertind	properNoun	swe	Glittertinden	properNoun	nor
Gliwice	properNoun	swe	Gliwice	properNoun	nor
Globe Theatre	properNoun	swe	Globe Theatre	properNoun	nor
Globen	properNoun	swe	Globen	properNoun	nor
Glocknerwand	properNoun	swe	Glocknerwand	properNoun	nor
Glommen	properNoun	swe	Glommen	properNoun	nor
Glommersträsk	properNoun	swe	Glommersträsk	properNoun	nor
Glopeneset	properNoun	swe	Glopeneset	properNoun	nor
Glorup	properNoun	swe	Glorup	properNoun	nor
Glosli	properNoun	swe	Glosli	properNoun	nor
Glossop	properNoun	swe	Glossop	properNoun	nor
Glossopteris Gully	properNoun	swe	Glossopteris Gully	properNoun	nor
Glostrups kommun	properNoun	swe	Glostrup kommune	properNoun	nor
Gloucester	properNoun	swe	Gloucester	properNoun	nor
Gloucestershire	properNoun	swe	Gloucestershire	properNoun	nor
Glovelier	properNoun	swe	Glovelier	properNoun	nor
Glover Hills	properNoun	swe	Glover Hills	properNoun	nor
Glover Rocks	properNoun	swe	Glover Rocks	properNoun	nor
Glumslöv	properNoun	swe	Glumslöv	properNoun	nor
Glymur	properNoun	swe	Glymur	properNoun	nor
Glâne	properNoun	swe	Glâne	properNoun	nor
Glärnisch	properNoun	swe	Glärnisch	properNoun	nor
Gløshaugs kyrka	properNoun	swe	Gløshaug kirke	properNoun	nor
Gløshaugs kyrka	properNoun	swe	Gløshaug kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Gløymdehorten	properNoun	swe	Gløymdehorten	properNoun	nor
Glücksburg	properNoun	swe	Glücksburg	properNoun	nor
Glückstadt	properNoun	swe	Glückstadt	properNoun	nor
Gnarp	properNoun	swe	Gnarp	properNoun	nor
Gnarpsån	properNoun	swe	Gnarpsån	properNoun	nor
Gneiss Hills	properNoun	swe	Gneiss Hills	properNoun	nor
Gneiss Point	properNoun	swe	Gneiss Point	properNoun	nor
Gnesta kommun	properNoun	swe	Gnesta kommune	properNoun	nor
Gnesta	properNoun	swe	Gnesta	properNoun	nor
Gniewek	properNoun	swe	Gniewek	properNoun	nor
Gnosjö kommun	properNoun	swe	Gnosjö kommune	properNoun	nor
Gnosjö	properNoun	swe	Gnosjö	properNoun	nor
Gobiöknen	properNoun	swe	Gobiørkenen	properNoun	nor
Goch	properNoun	swe	Goch	properNoun	nor
Godahoppsudden	properNoun	swe	Kapp det gode håp	properNoun	nor
Godalming	properNoun	swe	Godalming	properNoun	nor
Godavari	properNoun	swe	Godavari	properNoun	nor
Godech Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Godech Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Godegård	properNoun	swe	Godegård	properNoun	nor
Godfrey Upland	properNoun	swe	Godfrey Upland	properNoun	nor
Godfroy	properNoun	swe	Godfroy	properNoun	nor
Godmanchester	properNoun	swe	Godmanchester	properNoun	nor
Godthåbsvej	properNoun	swe	Godthåbsvej	properNoun	nor
Gogarten	properNoun	swe	Gogarten	properNoun	nor
Gohr	properNoun	swe	Gohr	properNoun	nor
Golanhöjderna	properNoun	swe	Golanhøgdene	properNoun	nor
Golanhöjderna	properNoun	swe	Golanhøyden	properNoun	nor
Golaten	properNoun	swe	Golaten	properNoun	nor
Golbach	properNoun	swe	Golbach	properNoun	nor
Gold Coast	properNoun	swe	Gold Coast	properNoun	nor
Goldbach	properNoun	swe	Goldbach	properNoun	nor
Goldbeck	properNoun	swe	Goldbeck	properNoun	nor
Goldich Crest	properNoun	swe	Goldich Crest	properNoun	nor
Goldsworthy Ridge	properNoun	swe	Goldsworthy Ridge	properNoun	nor
Golemo Konjari	properNoun	swe	Golemo Konjari	properNoun	nor
Golești	properNoun	swe	Golești	properNoun	nor
Golfströmmen	properNoun	swe	Golfstraumen	properNoun	nor
Golfströmmen	properNoun	swe	Golfstrømmen	properNoun	nor
Goli otok	properNoun	swe	Goli otok	properNoun	nor
Gols stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Gol stavkirke	properNoun	nor
Gols stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Gol stavkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Gomadingen	properNoun	swe	Gomadingen	properNoun	nor
Gomez Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Gomez Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Gommern	properNoun	swe	Gommern	properNoun	nor
Gondiswil	properNoun	swe	Gondiswil	properNoun	nor
Gonten	properNoun	swe	Gonten	properNoun	nor
Gontenschwil	properNoun	swe	Gontenschwil	properNoun	nor
Gonville and Caius Range	properNoun	swe	Gonville and Caius Range	properNoun	nor
Gonäs	properNoun	swe	Gonäs	properNoun	nor
Goodale	properNoun	swe	Goodale	properNoun	nor
Goodall Ridge	properNoun	swe	Goodall Ridge	properNoun	nor
Goodge Col	properNoun	swe	Goodge Col	properNoun	nor
Goodman Hills	properNoun	swe	Goodman Hills	properNoun	nor
Goodspeed Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Goodspeed Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Goodwin Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Goodwin Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Goodwood	properNoun	swe	Goodwood	properNoun	nor
Gooik	properNoun	swe	Gooik	properNoun	nor
Gooimeer	properNoun	swe	Gooimeer	properNoun	nor
Goorhigian	properNoun	swe	Goorhigian	properNoun	nor
Goorkha Craters	properNoun	swe	Goorkha Craters	properNoun	nor
Goossens	properNoun	swe	Goossens	properNoun	nor
Gootee Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Gootee Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Gora Dzerzjinskaja	properNoun	swe	Dziarzjynskaja	properNoun	nor
Gorbals	properNoun	swe	Gorbals	properNoun	nor
Gorbatov	properNoun	swe	Gorbatov	properNoun	nor
Gordon Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Gordon Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Gordonnuten	properNoun	swe	Gordonnuten	properNoun	nor
Gorgan	properNoun	swe	Gorgan	properNoun	nor
Gorgier	properNoun	swe	Gorgier	properNoun	nor
Gorgona	properNoun	swe	Gorgona	properNoun	nor
Gori	properNoun	swe	Gori	properNoun	nor
Gorizia	properNoun	swe	Gorizia	properNoun	nor
Gorj	properNoun	swe	Gorj	properNoun	nor
Gorman Crags	properNoun	swe	Gorman Crags	properNoun	nor
Gornergletscher	properNoun	swe	Gornergletscher	properNoun	nor
Gornergrat	properNoun	swe	Gornergrat	properNoun	nor
Gorno Krušje	properNoun	swe	Gorno Krušje	properNoun	nor
Gorno Selo	properNoun	swe	Gorno Selo	properNoun	nor
Gortyn	properNoun	swe	Górtyna	properNoun	nor
Gorzów Wielkopolski	properNoun	swe	Gorzów Wielkopolski	properNoun	nor
Gose	properNoun	swe	Gose	properNoun	nor
Gosforth	properNoun	swe	Gosforth	properNoun	nor
Gosforthkorset	properNoun	swe	Gosforthkorset	properNoun	nor
Gosforthkorset	properNoun	swe	Gosforthkrossen	properNoun	nor
Goslar	properNoun	swe	Goslar	properNoun	nor
Gosmore	properNoun	swe	Gosmore	properNoun	nor
Gospić	properNoun	swe	Gospić	properNoun	nor
Gosport	properNoun	swe	Gosport	properNoun	nor
Gossau	properNoun	swe	Gossau	properNoun	nor
Gosse	properNoun	swe	Gosse	properNoun	nor
Gostivar	properNoun	swe	Gostivar	properNoun	nor
Gostun Point	properNoun	swe	Gostun Point	properNoun	nor
Gothemsån	properNoun	swe	Gothemsån	properNoun	nor
Gothersgade	properNoun	swe	Gothersgade	properNoun	nor
Gothic Mountains	properNoun	swe	Gothic Mountains	properNoun	nor
Gotlands kommun	properNoun	swe	Gotland kommune	properNoun	nor
Gotlands län	properNoun	swe	Gotlands län	properNoun	nor
Gotschnagrat	properNoun	swe	Gotschnagrat	properNoun	nor
Gotska Sandön	properNoun	swe	Gotska Sandön	properNoun	nor
Gotska Sandöns nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Gotska Sandön nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Gottmadingen	properNoun	swe	Gottmadingen	properNoun	nor
Gottne	properNoun	swe	Gottne	properNoun	nor
Gouda	properNoun	swe	Gouda	properNoun	nor
Goudurix	properNoun	swe	Goudurix	properNoun	nor
Gould Coast	properNoun	swe	Gould Coast	properNoun	nor
Gould Knoll	properNoun	swe	Gould Knoll	properNoun	nor
Gould Spur	properNoun	swe	Gould Spur	properNoun	nor
Goumoëns	properNoun	swe	Goumoëns	properNoun	nor
Gournia	properNoun	swe	Gournia	properNoun	nor
Government Communications Headquarters	properNoun	swe	Government Communications Headquarters	properNoun	nor
Govza	properNoun	swe	Govza	properNoun	nor
Gowerhalvön	properNoun	swe	Gower-halvøya	properNoun	nor
Gowerhalvön	properNoun	swe	Gowerhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Gozo	properNoun	swe	Gozo	properNoun	nor
Gozur	properNoun	swe	Gozur	properNoun	nor
Goðafoss	properNoun	swe	Goðafoss	properNoun	nor
Grab	properNoun	swe	Grab	properNoun	nor
Graben	properNoun	swe	Graben	properNoun	nor
Grabow	properNoun	swe	Grabow	properNoun	nor
Grace Rocks	properNoun	swe	Grace Rocks	properNoun	nor
Graciosa	properNoun	swe	Graciosa	properNoun	nor
Gradara	properNoun	swe	Gradara	properNoun	nor
Grades	properNoun	swe	Grades	properNoun	nor
Graemsay	properNoun	swe	Graemsay	properNoun	nor
Grafenau	properNoun	swe	Grafenau	properNoun	nor
Grafenberg	properNoun	swe	Grafenberg	properNoun	nor
Grafenried	properNoun	swe	Grafenried	properNoun	nor
Grafenwald	properNoun	swe	Grafenwald	properNoun	nor
Grafschaft	properNoun	swe	Grafschaft	properNoun	nor
Graham Land	properNoun	swe	Graham Land	properNoun	nor
Grahamön	properNoun	swe	Grahamøya	properNoun	nor
Grainger Valley	properNoun	swe	Grainger Valley	properNoun	nor
Grammatikos	properNoun	swe	Grammatikó	properNoun	nor
Gramzow	properNoun	swe	Gramzow	properNoun	nor
Gran Canaria	properNoun	swe	Gran Canaria	properNoun	nor
Gran Hotel Bali	properNoun	swe	Gran Hotel Bali	properNoun	nor
Gran Paradiso	properNoun	swe	Gran Paradiso	properNoun	nor
Gran Sasso	properNoun	swe	Gran Sasso d’Italia	properNoun	nor
Gran Sasso	properNoun	swe	Gran Sasso	properNoun	nor
Granada	properNoun	swe	Granada	properNoun	nor
Granby	properNoun	swe	Granby	properNoun	nor
Grand Canyon	properNoun	swe	Grand Canyon	properNoun	nor
Grand Chavalard	properNoun	swe	Grand Chavalard	properNoun	nor
Grand Combin	properNoun	swe	Grand Combin	properNoun	nor
Grand Cornier	properNoun	swe	Grand Cornier	properNoun	nor
Grand Golliat	properNoun	swe	Grand Golliat	properNoun	nor
Grand Muveran	properNoun	swe	Grand Muveran	properNoun	nor
Grand Opera House	properNoun	swe	Grand Opera House	properNoun	nor
Grand Port	properNoun	swe	Grand Port	properNoun	nor
Grand Tavé	properNoun	swe	Grand Tavé	properNoun	nor
Grande Dent de Veisivi	properNoun	swe	Grande Dent de Veisivi	properNoun	nor
Grande Fourche	properNoun	swe	Grande Fourche	properNoun	nor
Grande Lui	properNoun	swe	Grande Lui	properNoun	nor
Grande Pointe des Planereuses	properNoun	swe	Grande Pointe des Planereuses	properNoun	nor
Grandiosa	properNoun	swe	Grandiosa	properNoun	nor
Grandval	properNoun	swe	Grandval	properNoun	nor
Grandvillard	properNoun	swe	Grandvillard	properNoun	nor
Grangemouth	properNoun	swe	Grangemouth	properNoun	nor
Granges	properNoun	swe	Granges	properNoun	nor
Grangettes	properNoun	swe	Grangettes	properNoun	nor
Grangärde	properNoun	swe	Grangärde	properNoun	nor
Granite Pillars	properNoun	swe	Granite Pillars	properNoun	nor
Grankulla	properNoun	swe	Grankulla	properNoun	nor
Granollers	properNoun	swe	Granollers	properNoun	nor
Grant Valley	properNoun	swe	Grant Valley	properNoun	nor
Grantham	properNoun	swe	Grantham	properNoun	nor
Grants Pass	properNoun	swe	Grants Pass	properNoun	nor
Granö	properNoun	swe	Granö	properNoun	nor
Grasberg	properNoun	swe	Grasberg	properNoun	nor
Grasburg	properNoun	swe	Grasburg	properNoun	nor
Grassen	properNoun	swe	Grassen	properNoun	nor
Gratton Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Gratton Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Graubünden	properNoun	swe	Graubünden	properNoun	nor
Graulhet	properNoun	swe	Graulhet	properNoun	nor
Gravenhorst	properNoun	swe	Gravenhorst	properNoun	nor
Gravenoire	properNoun	swe	Gravenoire	properNoun	nor
Graves Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Graves Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Grayson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Grayson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Graz	properNoun	swe	Graz	properNoun	nor
Great Basin	properNoun	swe	Great Basin	properNoun	nor
Great Dividing Range	properNoun	swe	Great Dividing Range	properNoun	nor
Great Dunmow	properNoun	swe	Great Dunmow	properNoun	nor
Great Hallingbury	properNoun	swe	Great Hallingbury	properNoun	nor
Great Orme	properNoun	swe	Great Orme	properNoun	nor
Great Ouse	properNoun	swe	Great Ouse	properNoun	nor
Great Torrington	properNoun	swe	Great Torrington	properNoun	nor
Great Yarmouth	properNoun	swe	Great Yarmouth	properNoun	nor
Grebo	properNoun	swe	Grebo	properNoun	nor
Gredstedbro	properNoun	swe	Gredstedbro	properNoun	nor
Green Mesa	properNoun	swe	Green Mesa	properNoun	nor
Green Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Green Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Greene Ridge	properNoun	swe	Greene Ridge	properNoun	nor
Greensboro	properNoun	swe	Greensboro	properNoun	nor
Greenville Valley	properNoun	swe	Greenville Valley	properNoun	nor
Greenwich Theatre	properNoun	swe	Greenwich Theatre	properNoun	nor
Greenwich Village	properNoun	swe	Greenwich Village	properNoun	nor
Greenwich	properNoun	swe	Greenwich	properNoun	nor
Greetsiel	properNoun	swe	Greetsiel	properNoun	nor
Grefrath	properNoun	swe	Grefrath	properNoun	nor
Greifswald	properNoun	swe	Greifswald	properNoun	nor
Grekiska fastlandet	properNoun	swe	Sentral-Hellas	properNoun	nor
Greklands geografi	properNoun	swe	Gresk geografi	properNoun	nor
Greklands geografi	properNoun	swe	Hellas' geografi	properNoun	nor
Greklands kyrka	properNoun	swe	Den greske ortodokse kyrkja	properNoun	nor
Greklands kyrka	properNoun	swe	Den ortodokse kirke	properNoun	nor
Grellingen	properNoun	swe	Grellingen	properNoun	nor
Gremberghoven	properNoun	swe	Gremberghoven	properNoun	nor
Grenchen	properNoun	swe	Grenchen	properNoun	nor
Greng	properNoun	swe	Greng	properNoun	nor
Grense Jakobselv	properNoun	swe	Grense Jakobselv	properNoun	nor
Gresso	properNoun	swe	Gresso	properNoun	nor
Gretzenbach	properNoun	swe	Gretzenbach	properNoun	nor
Greve kommun	properNoun	swe	Greve kommune	properNoun	nor
Greven	properNoun	swe	Greven	properNoun	nor
Grevena	properNoun	swe	Grevená	properNoun	nor
Grevenbroich	properNoun	swe	Grevenbroich	properNoun	nor
Grevenhagen	properNoun	swe	Grevenhagen	properNoun	nor
Grevenmacher	properNoun	swe	Grevenmacher	properNoun	nor
Grevesmühlen	properNoun	swe	Grevesmühlen	properNoun	nor
Grevie	properNoun	swe	Grevie	properNoun	nor
Gribskovs kommun	properNoun	swe	Gribskov kommune	properNoun	nor
Grier	properNoun	swe	Grier	properNoun	nor
Griesheim	properNoun	swe	Griesheim	properNoun	nor
Griffin Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Griffin Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Griffin	properNoun	swe	Griffin	properNoun	nor
Griffith Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Griffith Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Grikurov Ridge	properNoun	swe	Grikurov Ridge	properNoun	nor
Grillby	properNoun	swe	Grillby	properNoun	nor
Grimaud	properNoun	swe	Grimaud	properNoun	nor
Grimes Ridge	properNoun	swe	Grimes Ridge	properNoun	nor
Grimeton	properNoun	swe	Grimeton	properNoun	nor
Grimmelshausen	properNoun	swe	Grimmelshausen	properNoun	nor
Grimsby	properNoun	swe	Grimsby	properNoun	nor
Grimselsee	properNoun	swe	Grimselsee	properNoun	nor
Grimslöv	properNoun	swe	Grimslöv	properNoun	nor
Grimsta	properNoun	swe	Grimsta	properNoun	nor
Grimstadfjorden	properNoun	swe	Grimstadfjorden	properNoun	nor
Grimstorp	properNoun	swe	Grimstorp	properNoun	nor
Grimsås	properNoun	swe	Grimsås	properNoun	nor
Grinda	properNoun	swe	Grinda	properNoun	nor
Grindel	properNoun	swe	Grindel	properNoun	nor
Grindelwald	properNoun	swe	Grindelwald	properNoun	nor
Grindley Plateau	properNoun	swe	Grindley Plateau	properNoun	nor
Grindsjön	properNoun	swe	Grindsjön	properNoun	nor
Gripenberg	properNoun	swe	Gripenberg	properNoun	nor
Grisbukten	properNoun	swe	Grisebukta	properNoun	nor
Griškabūdis	properNoun	swe	Griškabūdis	properNoun	nor
Grisslehamn	properNoun	swe	Grisslehamn	properNoun	nor
Grjazovets	properNoun	swe	Grjazovets	properNoun	nor
Grob Ridge	properNoun	swe	Grob Ridge	properNoun	nor
Groix	properNoun	swe	Groix	properNoun	nor
Grolley	properNoun	swe	Grolley	properNoun	nor
Gromov Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Gromov Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Gronau	properNoun	swe	Gronau	properNoun	nor
Grono	properNoun	swe	Grono	properNoun	nor
Gropiusstadt	properNoun	swe	Gropiusstadt	properNoun	nor
Groruddalen	properNoun	swe	Groruddalen	properNoun	nor
Gross Bielenhorn	properNoun	swe	Gross Bielenhorn	properNoun	nor
Gross Hills	properNoun	swe	Gross Hills	properNoun	nor
Gross Kreutz	properNoun	swe	Groß Kreutz	properNoun	nor
Gross Ruchen	properNoun	swe	Gross Ruchen	properNoun	nor
Gross Schärhorn	properNoun	swe	Gross Schärhorn	properNoun	nor
Gross Seehorn	properNoun	swe	Große Seehorn	properNoun	nor
Gross Spannort	properNoun	swe	Gross Spannort	properNoun	nor
Gross Walenstock	properNoun	swe	Gross Walenstock	properNoun	nor
Gross Wannehorn	properNoun	swe	Gross Wannenhorn	properNoun	nor
Gross Windgällen	properNoun	swe	Gross Windgällen	properNoun	nor
Grossaffoltern	properNoun	swe	Grossaffoltern	properNoun	nor
Grossefehn	properNoun	swe	Großefehn	properNoun	nor
Grosser Diamantstock	properNoun	swe	Grosser Diamantstock	properNoun	nor
Grosser Mythen	properNoun	swe	Grosser Mythen	properNoun	nor
Grosser Priel	properNoun	swe	Großer Priel	properNoun	nor
Grosses Engelhorn	properNoun	swe	Grosses Engelhorn	properNoun	nor
Grosseto	properNoun	swe	Grosseto	properNoun	nor
Grossglockner	properNoun	swe	Großglockner	properNoun	nor
Grossheide	properNoun	swe	Großheide	properNoun	nor
Grosshöchstetten	properNoun	swe	Grosshöchstetten	properNoun	nor
Grossman Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Grossman Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Grosvenor Mountains	properNoun	swe	Grosvenor Mountains	properNoun	nor
Grothusenkoog	properNoun	swe	Grothusenkoog	properNoun	nor
Grottenberg	properNoun	swe	Grottenberg	properNoun	nor
Groux Rock	properNoun	swe	Groux Rock	properNoun	nor
Grove Mountains	properNoun	swe	Grove Mountains	properNoun	nor
Groznyj	properNoun	swe	Groznyj	properNoun	nor
Groß Köris	properNoun	swe	Groß Köris	properNoun	nor
Großbottwar	properNoun	swe	Großbottwar	properNoun	nor
Großbreitenbach	properNoun	swe	Großbreitenbach	properNoun	nor
Großes Wiesbachhorn	properNoun	swe	Großes Wiesbachhorn	properNoun	nor
Großvenediger	properNoun	swe	Großvenediger	properNoun	nor
Grub	properNoun	swe	Grub	properNoun	nor
Grudziądz	properNoun	swe	Grudziądz	properNoun	nor
Grue kyrka	properNoun	swe	Grue kirke	properNoun	nor
Grue kyrka	properNoun	swe	Grue kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Gruibingen	properNoun	swe	Gruibingen	properNoun	nor
Grumantbyen	properNoun	swe	Grumantbyen	properNoun	nor
Grumme	properNoun	swe	Grumme	properNoun	nor
Grums kommun	properNoun	swe	Grums kommune	properNoun	nor
Grunden Rock	properNoun	swe	Grunden Rock	properNoun	nor
Grundhof	properNoun	swe	Grundhof	properNoun	nor
Grundsund	properNoun	swe	Grundsund	properNoun	nor
Grunehogna	properNoun	swe	Grunehogna	properNoun	nor
Grunewald	properNoun	swe	Grunewald	properNoun	nor
Gruyère	properNoun	swe	Gruyère	properNoun	nor
Gruyères	properNoun	swe	Gruyères	properNoun	nor
Grycksbo	properNoun	swe	Grycksbo	properNoun	nor
Grytgöl	properNoun	swe	Grytgöl	properNoun	nor
Grythyttan	properNoun	swe	Grythyttan	properNoun	nor
Gryttjen	properNoun	swe	Gryttjen	properNoun	nor
Grytviken	properNoun	swe	Grytviken	properNoun	nor
Grytøya	properNoun	swe	Grytøya	properNoun	nor
Grytøyrfjellet	properNoun	swe	Grytøyrfjellet	properNoun	nor
Gräfenberg	properNoun	swe	Gräfenberg	properNoun	nor
Gräfenhainichen	properNoun	swe	Gräfenhainichen	properNoun	nor
Gräfenroda	properNoun	swe	Gräfenroda	properNoun	nor
Gräfrath	properNoun	swe	Gräfrath	properNoun	nor
Gräfsnäs	properNoun	swe	Gräfsnäs	properNoun	nor
Grändalssjön	properNoun	swe	Grändalssjön	properNoun	nor
Grängesbergs gruvor	properNoun	swe	Grängesbergs gruver	properNoun	nor
Gränichen	properNoun	swe	Gränichen	properNoun	nor
Gränna	properNoun	swe	Gränna	properNoun	nor
Gränsen mellan Norge och Sverige	properNoun	swe	Svenskegrensa	properNoun	nor
Gränsen mellan Norge och Sverige	properNoun	swe	Svenskegrensen	properNoun	nor
Grästorp	properNoun	swe	Grästorp	properNoun	nor
Grästorps kommun	properNoun	swe	Grästorp kommune	properNoun	nor
Gräsvattnet	properNoun	swe	Gresvatnet	properNoun	nor
Gräsvikens metrostation	properNoun	swe	Gräsviken metrostasjon	properNoun	nor
Gräsö	properNoun	swe	Gräsö	properNoun	nor
Gråbo	properNoun	swe	Gråbo	properNoun	nor
Gråhorna	properNoun	swe	Gråhorna	properNoun	nor
Gråkallbanen	properNoun	swe	Gråkallbanen	properNoun	nor
Gråkallen	properNoun	swe	Gråkallen	properNoun	nor
Grænalón	properNoun	swe	Grænalón	properNoun	nor
Grímsey	properNoun	swe	Grímsey	properNoun	nor
Grímsvötn	properNoun	swe	Grímsvötn	properNoun	nor
Grödby	properNoun	swe	Grödby	properNoun	nor
Gröde	properNoun	swe	Gröde	properNoun	nor
Gröndal	properNoun	swe	Gröndal	properNoun	nor
Gröningen	properNoun	swe	Gröningen	properNoun	nor
Grønlandshavet	properNoun	swe	Grønlandshavet	properNoun	nor
Grönlandshavet	properNoun	swe	Grønlandshavet	properNoun	nor
Grötzingen	properNoun	swe	Grötzingen	properNoun	nor
Grønligrottan	properNoun	swe	Grønligrotta	properNoun	nor
Grønlund	properNoun	swe	Grønlund	properNoun	nor
Grønnings kyrka	properNoun	swe	Grønning kirke	properNoun	nor
Grønnings kyrka	properNoun	swe	Grønning kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Grübelekopf	properNoun	swe	Grübelekopf	properNoun	nor
Grünau	properNoun	swe	Grünau	properNoun	nor
Grüne	properNoun	swe	Grüne	properNoun	nor
Grünenbach	properNoun	swe	Grünenbach	properNoun	nor
Grünenthal	properNoun	swe	Grünenthal	properNoun	nor
Grüngürtel	properNoun	swe	Grüngürtel	properNoun	nor
Grüntal	properNoun	swe	Grüntal	properNoun	nor
Grüsch	properNoun	swe	Grüsch	properNoun	nor
Gschwend	properNoun	swe	Gschwend	properNoun	nor
Gspaltenhorn	properNoun	swe	Gspaltenhorn	properNoun	nor
Gsteig	properNoun	swe	Gsteig	properNoun	nor
Gsteigwiler	properNoun	swe	Gsteigwiler	properNoun	nor
Gsür	properNoun	swe	Gsür	properNoun	nor
Guadalajara	properNoun	swe	Guadalajara	properNoun	nor
Guadalcanal	properNoun	swe	Guadalcanal	properNoun	nor
Guadalete	properNoun	swe	Guadalete	properNoun	nor
Guadalhorce	properNoun	swe	Guadalhorce	properNoun	nor
Guadalmedina	properNoun	swe	Guadalmedina	properNoun	nor
Guadalquivir	properNoun	swe	Guadalquivir	properNoun	nor
Guadalupe	properNoun	swe	Guadalupe	properNoun	nor
Guadeloupe	properNoun	swe	Guadeloupe	properNoun	nor
Guadiana	properNoun	swe	Guadiana	properNoun	nor
Guainía	properNoun	swe	Guainía	properNoun	nor
Guallatiri	properNoun	swe	Guallatiri	properNoun	nor
Gualöv	properNoun	swe	Gualöv	properNoun	nor
Guam	properNoun	swe	Guam	properNoun	nor
Guanahacabibes	properNoun	swe	Guanahacabibes	properNoun	nor
Guanajuato	properNoun	swe	Guanajuato	properNoun	nor
Guangdong	properNoun	swe	Guangdong	properNoun	nor
Guangnan	properNoun	swe	Guangnan	properNoun	nor
Guangxi	properNoun	swe	Guangxi	properNoun	nor
Guangyuan	properNoun	swe	Guangyuan	properNoun	nor
Guangzhou	properNoun	swe	Guangzhou	properNoun	nor
Guantánamobukten	properNoun	swe	Guantánamobukta	properNoun	nor
Guarda	properNoun	swe	Guarda	properNoun	nor
Guardian Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Guardian Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Guarenas	properNoun	swe	Guarenas	properNoun	nor
Guárico	properNoun	swe	Guárico	properNoun	nor
Guaviare	properNoun	swe	Guaviare	properNoun	nor
Guayaquil	properNoun	swe	Guayaquil	properNoun	nor
Gubbio	properNoun	swe	Gubbio	properNoun	nor
Gubbo	properNoun	swe	Gubbo	properNoun	nor
Gubkin	properNoun	swe	Gubkin	properNoun	nor
Gudbrandsdalslågen	properNoun	swe	Gudbrandsdalslågen	properNoun	nor
Gudensberg	properNoun	swe	Gudensberg	properNoun	nor
Gudenå	properNoun	swe	Gudenå	properNoun	nor
Gudermes	properNoun	swe	Gudermes	properNoun	nor
Gudhem	properNoun	swe	Gudhem	properNoun	nor
Gudvangatunneln	properNoun	swe	Gudvangatunnelen	properNoun	nor
Guebwiller	properNoun	swe	Guebwiller	properNoun	nor
Guelph	properNoun	swe	Guelph	properNoun	nor
Guernica	properNoun	swe	Gernika	properNoun	nor
Guernica	properNoun	swe	Guernica	properNoun	nor
Guerrero	properNoun	swe	Guerrero	properNoun	nor
Guest Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Guest Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Gueule	properNoun	swe	Geul	properNoun	nor
Gufelstock	properNoun	swe	Gufelstock	properNoun	nor
Guggenhausen	properNoun	swe	Guggenhausen	properNoun	nor
Guggernell	properNoun	swe	Guggernell	properNoun	nor
Guggilihorn	properNoun	swe	Guggilihorn	properNoun	nor
Guggisberg	properNoun	swe	Guggisberg	properNoun	nor
Guido Spano	properNoun	swe	Guido Spano	properNoun	nor
Guidonia Montecelio	properNoun	swe	Guidonia Montecelio	properNoun	nor
Guigang	properNoun	swe	Guigang	properNoun	nor
Guildhall	properNoun	swe	Guildhall	properNoun	nor
Guineabukten	properNoun	swe	Guineabukta	properNoun	nor
Guingamp	properNoun	swe	Guingamp	properNoun	nor
Guinness	properNoun	swe	Guinness	properNoun	nor
Guisborough	properNoun	swe	Guisborough	properNoun	nor
Guitars – the Museum	properNoun	swe	Guitars – the Museum	properNoun	nor
Guizhou	properNoun	swe	Guizhou	properNoun	nor
Gujarat	properNoun	swe	Gujarat	properNoun	nor
Gujranwala	properNoun	swe	Gujranwala	properNoun	nor
Gujrat	properNoun	swe	Gujrat	properNoun	nor
Gukovo	properNoun	swe	Gukovo	properNoun	nor
Gulehavet	properNoun	swe	Gulehavet	properNoun	nor
Gula havet	properNoun	swe	Gulehavet	properNoun	nor
Gulag	properNoun	swe	Gulag	properNoun	nor
Guldager	properNoun	swe	Guldager	properNoun	nor
Guldborgsunds kommun	properNoun	swe	Guldborgsund kommune	properNoun	nor
Guldholm kloster	properNoun	swe	Guldholm kloster	properNoun	nor
Gulfport	properNoun	swe	Gulfport	properNoun	nor
Gullbrandstorp	properNoun	swe	Gullbrandstorp	properNoun	nor
Gullbranna	properNoun	swe	Gullbranna	properNoun	nor
Gulleråsen	properNoun	swe	Gulleråsen	properNoun	nor
Gullfoss	properNoun	swe	Gullfoss	properNoun	nor
Gulliver Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Gulliver Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Gullringen	properNoun	swe	Gullringen	properNoun	nor
Gullspång	properNoun	swe	Gullspång	properNoun	nor
Gullspångs kommun	properNoun	swe	Gullspång kommune	properNoun	nor
Gullspångsälven	properNoun	swe	Gullspångsälven	properNoun	nor
Gummersbach	properNoun	swe	Gummersbach	properNoun	nor
Gummfluh	properNoun	swe	Gummfluh	properNoun	nor
Gundal och Högås	properNoun	swe	Gundal och Högås	properNoun	nor
Gundelsheim	properNoun	swe	Gundelsheim	properNoun	nor
Gundestrupskitteln	properNoun	swe	Gundestrupkjelen	properNoun	nor
Gunnarn	properNoun	swe	Gunnarn	properNoun	nor
Gunnarsbosjön	properNoun	swe	Gunnarsbosjön	properNoun	nor
Gunnarsbyn	properNoun	swe	Gunnarsbyn	properNoun	nor
Gunnarstorp	properNoun	swe	Gunnarstorp	properNoun	nor
Gunnebo slott	properNoun	swe	Gunnebo slott	properNoun	nor
Gunnebo	properNoun	swe	Gunnebo	properNoun	nor
Gunsta	properNoun	swe	Gunsta	properNoun	nor
Guntmadingen	properNoun	swe	Guntmadingen	properNoun	nor
Gurbrü	properNoun	swe	Gurbrü	properNoun	nor
Gurev Gap	properNoun	swe	Gurev Gap	properNoun	nor
Gurk	properNoun	swe	Gurk	properNoun	nor
Gurkursprung	properNoun	swe	Gurkursprung	properNoun	nor
Gurmels	properNoun	swe	Gurmels	properNoun	nor
Gurnon Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Gurnon Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Gurre	properNoun	swe	Gurre	properNoun	nor
Gurzelen	properNoun	swe	Gurzelen	properNoun	nor
Gusev	properNoun	swe	Gusev	properNoun	nor
Gushi	properNoun	swe	Gushi	properNoun	nor
Gusselby	properNoun	swe	Gusselby	properNoun	nor
Gustav Bull Mountains	properNoun	swe	Gustav Bull Mountains	properNoun	nor
Gustav Vasa församling	properNoun	swe	Gustav Vasa församling	properNoun	nor
Gustavsberg	properNoun	swe	Gustavsberg	properNoun	nor
Gustavsbergs socken	properNoun	swe	Gustavsberg sokn	properNoun	nor
Gustorf	properNoun	swe	Gustorf	properNoun	nor
Gusty Gully	properNoun	swe	Gusty Gully	properNoun	nor
Gusum	properNoun	swe	Gusum	properNoun	nor
Guthridge Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Guthridge Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Guttannen	properNoun	swe	Guttannen	properNoun	nor
Gutulia nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Gutulia nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Guvernementet Estland	properNoun	swe	Guvernementet Estland	properNoun	nor
Guvernementet Tiflis	properNoun	swe	Guvernementet Tiflis	properNoun	nor
Guvernementet Tula	properNoun	swe	Guvernementet Tula	properNoun	nor
Guyanas högland	properNoun	swe	Amasonasskjoldet	properNoun	nor
Guyanas högland	properNoun	swe	Guayanaskjoldet	properNoun	nor
Guyatt Ridge	properNoun	swe	Guyatt Ridge	properNoun	nor
Guyer Rock	properNoun	swe	Guyer Rock	properNoun	nor
Guébriant	properNoun	swe	Guébriant	properNoun	nor
Guéguen Point	properNoun	swe	Guéguen Point	properNoun	nor
Guéguen	properNoun	swe	Guéguen	properNoun	nor
Guéret	properNoun	swe	Guéret	properNoun	nor
Gvardejsk	properNoun	swe	Gvardejsk	properNoun	nor
Gwadar	properNoun	swe	Gwadar	properNoun	nor
Gwynedd	properNoun	swe	Gwynedd	properNoun	nor
Gy	properNoun	swe	Gy	properNoun	nor
Gyala Peri	properNoun	swe	Gyala Peri	properNoun	nor
Gyhum	properNoun	swe	Gyhum	properNoun	nor
Gyldenløvesgade	properNoun	swe	Gyldenløvesgade	properNoun	nor
Gyllene hornet	properNoun	swe	Det gylne horn	properNoun	nor
Gyllene hornet	properNoun	swe	Det gylne hornet	properNoun	nor
Gyttorp	properNoun	swe	Gyttorp	properNoun	nor
Gyula	properNoun	swe	Gyula	properNoun	nor
Gyöngyös	properNoun	swe	Gyöngyös	properNoun	nor
Győr	properNoun	swe	Győr	properNoun	nor
Gäddede	properNoun	swe	Gäddede	properNoun	nor
Gällivare kommun	properNoun	swe	Gällivare kommun	properNoun	nor
Gällivare kommun	properNoun	swe	Gällivare	properNoun	nor
Gällonjarg	properNoun	swe	Gällonjarg	properNoun	nor
Gällstad	properNoun	swe	Gällstad	properNoun	nor
Gällö	properNoun	swe	Gällö	properNoun	nor
Gärdesjön	properNoun	swe	Gärdesjön	properNoun	nor
Gärds Köpinge	properNoun	swe	Gärds Köpinge	properNoun	nor
Gärsnäs	properNoun	swe	Gärsnäs	properNoun	nor
Gärsthorn	properNoun	swe	Gärsthorn	properNoun	nor
Gärtringen	properNoun	swe	Gärtringen	properNoun	nor
Gästrikland	properNoun	swe	Gästrikland	properNoun	nor
Gäu	properNoun	swe	Gäu	properNoun	nor
Gävle kommun	properNoun	swe	Gävle kommune	properNoun	nor
Gävle	properNoun	swe	Gävle	properNoun	nor
Gävleborgs län	properNoun	swe	Gävleborgs län	properNoun	nor
Gånghester	properNoun	swe	Gånghester	properNoun	nor
Gåraträsksjön	properNoun	swe	Gåraträsksjön	properNoun	nor
Gårdby	properNoun	swe	Gårdby	properNoun	nor
Gårdskär	properNoun	swe	Gårdskär	properNoun	nor
Gårdstånga	properNoun	swe	Gårdstånga	properNoun	nor
Gåsö	properNoun	swe	Gåsö	properNoun	nor
Gåvsta	properNoun	swe	Gåvsta	properNoun	nor
Gåxsjön	properNoun	swe	Gåxsjön	properNoun	nor
Gémozac	properNoun	swe	Gémozac	properNoun	nor
Géodésie	properNoun	swe	Géodésie	properNoun	nor
Górnik Zabrze	properNoun	swe	Górnik Zabrze	properNoun	nor
Gödöllő	properNoun	swe	Gödöllő	properNoun	nor
Göggingen	properNoun	swe	Göggingen	properNoun	nor
Göhrde	properNoun	swe	Göhrde	properNoun	nor
Göhren	properNoun	swe	Göhren	properNoun	nor
Gölan	properNoun	swe	Gölan	properNoun	nor
Gömmaren	properNoun	swe	Gömmaren	properNoun	nor
Göppingen	properNoun	swe	Göppingen	properNoun	nor
Gösgen	properNoun	swe	Gösgen	properNoun	nor
Göstapiggane	properNoun	swe	Göstapiggane	properNoun	nor
Göstling an der Ybbs	properNoun	swe	Göstling an der Ybbs	properNoun	nor
Göta kanal	properNoun	swe	Göta kanal	properNoun	nor
Göta älv	properNoun	swe	Göta älv	properNoun	nor
Göta	properNoun	swe	Göta	properNoun	nor
Göteborgs kommun	properNoun	swe	Göteborg kommune	properNoun	nor
Göteborgs skärgård	properNoun	swe	Göteborgs skjergard	properNoun	nor
Götene kommun	properNoun	swe	Götene kommune	properNoun	nor
Götlunda	properNoun	swe	Götlunda	properNoun	nor
Göttin	properNoun	swe	Göttin	properNoun	nor
Göttingen	properNoun	swe	Göttingen	properNoun	nor
Götzens	properNoun	swe	Götzens	properNoun	nor
Gøtugjógv	properNoun	swe	Gøtugjógv	properNoun	nor
Güferhorn	properNoun	swe	Güferhorn	properNoun	nor
Güines	properNoun	swe	Güines	properNoun	nor
Gümüşhane	properNoun	swe	Gümüşhane	properNoun	nor
Gündlischwand	properNoun	swe	Gündlischwand	properNoun	nor
Günsberg	properNoun	swe	Günsberg	properNoun	nor
Günzburg	properNoun	swe	Günzburg	properNoun	nor
Gürgaletsch	properNoun	swe	Gürgaletsch	properNoun	nor
Güstrow	properNoun	swe	Güstrow	properNoun	nor
Głogów	properNoun	swe	Głogów	properNoun	nor
HMS Beagle	properNoun	swe	HMS «Beagle»	properNoun	nor
HMS Belfast	properNoun	swe	HMS «Belfast»	properNoun	nor
HMS Victory	properNoun	swe	HMS «Victory»	properNoun	nor
Haakon County	properNoun	swe	Haakon County	properNoun	nor
Haan	properNoun	swe	Haan	properNoun	nor
Haar	properNoun	swe	Haar	properNoun	nor
Haarby	properNoun	swe	Haarby	properNoun	nor
Haardt	properNoun	swe	Haardt	properNoun	nor
Haarlem	properNoun	swe	Haarlem	properNoun	nor
Haarlemmermeer	properNoun	swe	Haarlemmermeer	properNoun	nor
Habenhausen	properNoun	swe	Habenhausen	properNoun	nor
Habermehltoppen	properNoun	swe	Habermehltoppen	properNoun	nor
Habkern	properNoun	swe	Habkern	properNoun	nor
Habo kommun	properNoun	swe	Habo kommune	properNoun	nor
Habo kyrka	properNoun	swe	Habo kirke	properNoun	nor
Habo kyrka	properNoun	swe	Habo kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Habo	properNoun	swe	Habo	properNoun	nor
Hache	properNoun	swe	Hache	properNoun	nor
Hackenberg	properNoun	swe	Hackenberg	properNoun	nor
Hacksjön	properNoun	swe	Hacksjön	properNoun	nor
Hackås	properNoun	swe	Hackås	properNoun	nor
Haddenhausen	properNoun	swe	Haddenhausen	properNoun	nor
Hadera	properNoun	swe	Hadera	properNoun	nor
Haderslevs kommun	properNoun	swe	Haderslev kommune	properNoun	nor
Hades Terrace	properNoun	swe	Hades Terrace	properNoun	nor
Hadleigh	properNoun	swe	Hadleigh	properNoun	nor
Hadley Upland	properNoun	swe	Hadley Upland	properNoun	nor
Hadrianus mur	properNoun	swe	Hadrianmuren	properNoun	nor
Hadrianus mur	properNoun	swe	Hadrians mur	properNoun	nor
Hadselfjorden	properNoun	swe	Hadselfjorden	properNoun	nor
Hadsels kyrka	properNoun	swe	Hadsel kirke	properNoun	nor
Hadsels kyrka	properNoun	swe	Hadsel kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Hadseløya	properNoun	swe	Hadseløya	properNoun	nor
Haffner Pass	properNoun	swe	Haffner Pass	properNoun	nor
Hafnarfjörður	properNoun	swe	Hafnarfjörður	properNoun	nor
Hag Pike	properNoun	swe	Hag Pike	properNoun	nor
Haga i Nes	properNoun	swe	Haga i Nes	properNoun	nor
Hagavik	properNoun	swe	Hagavik	properNoun	nor
Hagby	properNoun	swe	Hagby	properNoun	nor
Hagbyhöjden	properNoun	swe	Hagbyhöjden	properNoun	nor
Hagbyån	properNoun	swe	Hagbyån	properNoun	nor
Hagedorn	properNoun	swe	Hagedorn	properNoun	nor
Hagen im Bremischen	properNoun	swe	Hagen im Bremischen	properNoun	nor
Hagenburg	properNoun	swe	Hagenburg	properNoun	nor
Hagey Ridge	properNoun	swe	Hagey Ridge	properNoun	nor
Hagfors kommun	properNoun	swe	Hagfors kommune	properNoun	nor
Hagfors	properNoun	swe	Hagfors	properNoun	nor
Hagge	properNoun	swe	Hagge	properNoun	nor
Haggerty Hill	properNoun	swe	Haggerty Hill	properNoun	nor
Haggits Pillar	properNoun	swe	Haggits Pillar	properNoun	nor
Hagia Sofia	properNoun	swe	Hagia Sofia	properNoun	nor
Hagneck	properNoun	swe	Hagneck	properNoun	nor
Hagsta	properNoun	swe	Hagsta	properNoun	nor
Haguenau	properNoun	swe	Haguenau	properNoun	nor
Hagåtña	properNoun	swe	Hagåtña	properNoun	nor
Hahn	properNoun	swe	Hahn	properNoun	nor
Hahnenberg	properNoun	swe	Hahnenberg	properNoun	nor
Hahnenkamm	properNoun	swe	Hahnenkamm	properNoun	nor
Hai He	properNoun	swe	Hai He	properNoun	nor
Haida Gwaii	properNoun	swe	Haida Gwaii	properNoun	nor
Háifoss	properNoun	swe	Háifoss	properNoun	nor
Haigerloch	properNoun	swe	Haigerloch	properNoun	nor
Haigh Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Haigh Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Haigh Point	properNoun	swe	Haigh Point	properNoun	nor
Haikou	properNoun	swe	Haikou	properNoun	nor
Hailsham	properNoun	swe	Hailsham	properNoun	nor
Hain	properNoun	swe	Hain	properNoun	nor
Hainan	properNoun	swe	Hainan	properNoun	nor
Haines Mountains	properNoun	swe	Haines Mountains	properNoun	nor
Hainich	properNoun	swe	Hainich	properNoun	nor
Haiterbach	properNoun	swe	Haiterbach	properNoun	nor
Hajdúböszörmény	properNoun	swe	Hajdúböszörmény	properNoun	nor
Hajla	properNoun	swe	Hajla	properNoun	nor
Hajsyn	properNoun	swe	Hajsyn	properNoun	nor
Hajīn	properNoun	swe	Hajin	properNoun	nor
Hakenberg	properNoun	swe	Hakenberg	properNoun	nor
Hakkari	properNoun	swe	Hakkâri	properNoun	nor
Hakkas	properNoun	swe	Hakkas	properNoun	nor
Hakodate	properNoun	swe	Hakodate	properNoun	nor
Halberg	properNoun	swe	Halberg	properNoun	nor
Halberstadt	properNoun	swe	Halberstadt	properNoun	nor
Haldensleben	properNoun	swe	Haldensleben	properNoun	nor
Haldenstein	properNoun	swe	Haldenstein	properNoun	nor
Haldern	properNoun	swe	Haldern	properNoun	nor
Haldia	properNoun	swe	Haldia	properNoun	nor
Hale Valley	properNoun	swe	Hale Valley	properNoun	nor
Halen	properNoun	swe	Halen	properNoun	nor
Halesworth	properNoun	swe	Halesworth	properNoun	nor
Half Century Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Half Century Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Half Dome Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Half Dome Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Halfway Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Halfway Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Halhjem	properNoun	swe	Haljem	properNoun	nor
Haliartos	properNoun	swe	Aliártos	properNoun	nor
Halikarnassos	properNoun	swe	Bodrum	properNoun	nor
Halikarnassos	properNoun	swe	Halikarnassos	properNoun	nor
Halikarnassos	properNoun	swe	Halikarnassos	properNoun	nor
Hall Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Hall Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Hall Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Hall Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Halla Heberg	properNoun	swe	Halla Heberg	properNoun	nor
Hallands län	properNoun	swe	Hallands län	properNoun	nor
Hallbosjön	properNoun	swe	Hallbosjön	properNoun	nor
Halle an der Saale	properNoun	swe	Halle an der Saale	properNoun	nor
Halleberg	properNoun	swe	Halleberg	properNoun	nor
Hallen	properNoun	swe	Hallen	properNoun	nor
Hallenberg	properNoun	swe	Hallenberg	properNoun	nor
Hallerna	properNoun	swe	Hallerna	properNoun	nor
Hallerstein	properNoun	swe	Hallerstein	properNoun	nor
Hallet Valley	properNoun	swe	Hallet Valley	properNoun	nor
Hallett Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Hallett Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Hallgrenskarvet	properNoun	swe	Hallgrenskarvet	properNoun	nor
Hallig Hooge	properNoun	swe	Hallig Hooge	properNoun	nor
Hallingskarvet nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Hallingskarvet nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Hallsbergs kommun	properNoun	swe	Hallsberg kommune	properNoun	nor
Hallstahammar	properNoun	swe	Hallstahammar	properNoun	nor
Hallstahammars kommun	properNoun	swe	Hallstahammar kommune	properNoun	nor
Hallstavik	properNoun	swe	Hallstavik	properNoun	nor
Hallstätter See	properNoun	swe	Hallstätter See	properNoun	nor
Halltorp	properNoun	swe	Halltorp	properNoun	nor
Hallwil	properNoun	swe	Hallwil	properNoun	nor
Hallwilersee	properNoun	swe	Hallwilsjøen	properNoun	nor
Halmahera	properNoun	swe	Halmahera	properNoun	nor
Halmstads kommun	properNoun	swe	Halmstad kommune	properNoun	nor
Halpern Point	properNoun	swe	Halpern Point	properNoun	nor
Halsknappane	properNoun	swe	Halsknappane	properNoun	nor
Halsnæs kommun	properNoun	swe	Halsnæs kommune	properNoun	nor
Halsnøy Kloster	properNoun	swe	Halsnøy kloster	properNoun	nor
Halsnøy	properNoun	swe	Halsnøy	properNoun	nor
Halstead	properNoun	swe	Halstead	properNoun	nor
Halte	properNoun	swe	Halte	properNoun	nor
Haltern am See	properNoun	swe	Haltern am See	properNoun	nor
Haltwhistle	properNoun	swe	Haltwhistle	properNoun	nor
Halvarsgårdarna	properNoun	swe	Halvarsgårdarna	properNoun	nor
Halver	properNoun	swe	Halver	properNoun	nor
Halvorstorp	properNoun	swe	Halvorstorp	properNoun	nor
Halže	properNoun	swe	Halže	properNoun	nor
Hamah	properNoun	swe	Hama	properNoun	nor
Hamars domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Hamar domkirke	properNoun	nor
Hamars domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Hamar domkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Hamb	properNoun	swe	Hamb	properNoun	nor
Hambach	properNoun	swe	Hambach	properNoun	nor
Hambuchen	properNoun	swe	Hambuchen	properNoun	nor
Hamburgsund	properNoun	swe	Hamburgsund	properNoun	nor
Hambüchen	properNoun	swe	Hambüchen	properNoun	nor
Hamel	properNoun	swe	Hamel	properNoun	nor
Hameln	properNoun	swe	Hameln	properNoun	nor
Hamm	properNoun	swe	Hamm	properNoun	nor
Hammah	properNoun	swe	Hammah	properNoun	nor
Hammar	properNoun	swe	Hammar	properNoun	nor
Hammarby sjö	properNoun	swe	Hammarby Sjö	properNoun	nor
Hammarby sjö	properNoun	swe	Hammarby sjö	properNoun	nor
Hammarby	properNoun	swe	Hammarby	properNoun	nor
Hammarsjön	properNoun	swe	Hammarsjön	properNoun	nor
Hammarslund	properNoun	swe	Hammarslund	properNoun	nor
Hammarstrand	properNoun	swe	Hammarstrand	properNoun	nor
Hammarträsket	properNoun	swe	Hammarträsket	properNoun	nor
Hammarö kommun	properNoun	swe	Hammarö kommune	properNoun	nor
Hamme	properNoun	swe	Hamme	properNoun	nor
Hammen	properNoun	swe	Hammen	properNoun	nor
Hammenhög	properNoun	swe	Hammenhög	properNoun	nor
Hammer Col	properNoun	swe	Hammer Col	properNoun	nor
Hammerdal	properNoun	swe	Hammerdal	properNoun	nor
Hammerfest flygplats	properNoun	swe	Hammerfest lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Hammerfest flygplats	properNoun	swe	Hammerfest lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Hammerfests kommun	properNoun	swe	Hammerfest kommune	properNoun	nor
Hammerfests kommun	properNoun	swe	Hammerfest	properNoun	nor
Hammersly	properNoun	swe	Hammersly	properNoun	nor
Hammersmith	properNoun	swe	Hammersmith	properNoun	nor
Hammerstein	properNoun	swe	Hammerstein	properNoun	nor
Hamminkeln	properNoun	swe	Hamminkeln	properNoun	nor
Hammâna	properNoun	swe	Hammana	properNoun	nor
Hamnenabben	properNoun	swe	Hamnenabben	properNoun	nor
Hamner Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Hamner Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Hamningberg	properNoun	swe	Hamningberg	properNoun	nor
Hamnås	properNoun	swe	Hamnås	properNoun	nor
Hamnås	properNoun	swe	Havnås	properNoun	nor
Hampetorp	properNoun	swe	Hampetorp	properNoun	nor
Hampshire	properNoun	swe	Hampshire	properNoun	nor
Hampstead Heath	properNoun	swe	Hampstead Heath	properNoun	nor
Hampstead	properNoun	swe	Hampstead	properNoun	nor
Hamrångefjärden	properNoun	swe	Hamrångefjärden	properNoun	nor
Hamrångeån	properNoun	swe	Hamrångeån	properNoun	nor
Hanaskog	properNoun	swe	Hanaskog	properNoun	nor
Hanau	properNoun	swe	Hanau	properNoun	nor
Handan	properNoun	swe	Handan	properNoun	nor
Handelshøyskolen BI	properNoun	swe	Handelshøyskolen BI	properNoun	nor
Handen	properNoun	swe	Handen	properNoun	nor
Handewitt	properNoun	swe	Handewitt	properNoun	nor
Handley Hill	properNoun	swe	Handley Hill	properNoun	nor
Handorf	properNoun	swe	Handorf	properNoun	nor
Handsley Valley	properNoun	swe	Handsley Valley	properNoun	nor
Handsley	properNoun	swe	Handsley	properNoun	nor
Handynastin	properNoun	swe	Han-dynastiet	properNoun	nor
Hane	properNoun	swe	Hane	properNoun	nor
Hanessian Foreland	properNoun	swe	Hanessian Foreland	properNoun	nor
Hanf	properNoun	swe	Hanf	properNoun	nor
Hanga Roa	properNoun	swe	Hanga Roa	properNoun	nor
Hangzhou	properNoun	swe	Hangzhou	properNoun	nor
Hangö	properNoun	swe	Hangö	properNoun	nor
Haninge kommun	properNoun	swe	Haninge kommune	properNoun	nor
Hannah Ridge	properNoun	swe	Hannah Ridge	properNoun	nor
Hannon Hill	properNoun	swe	Hannon Hill	properNoun	nor
Hans Majestet Kongens Garde	properNoun	swe	Hans Majestet Kongens Garde	properNoun	nor
Hans ö	properNoun	swe	Hans Ø	properNoun	nor
Hans ö	properNoun	swe	Hans Øy	properNoun	nor
Hansen Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Hansen Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Hansen Rocks	properNoun	swe	Hansen Rocks	properNoun	nor
Hansestaden Visby	properNoun	swe	Hansabyen Visby	properNoun	nor
Hansestaden Visby	properNoun	swe	Hansestaden Visby	properNoun	nor
Hanzhong	properNoun	swe	Hanzhong	properNoun	nor
Hanö	properNoun	swe	Hanö	properNoun	nor
Hanöbukten	properNoun	swe	Hanöbukten	properNoun	nor
Haparanda kommun	properNoun	swe	Haparanda kommune	properNoun	nor
Happach	properNoun	swe	Happach	properNoun	nor
Hapsal	properNoun	swe	Haapsalu	properNoun	nor
Harads	properNoun	swe	Harads	properNoun	nor
Haraldshaugen	properNoun	swe	Haraldshaugen	properNoun	nor
Harbeck	properNoun	swe	Harbeck	properNoun	nor
Hardangerbron	properNoun	swe	Hardangerbrua	properNoun	nor
Hardangervidda nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Hardangervidda nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Hardenberg	properNoun	swe	Hardenberg	properNoun	nor
Hardt	properNoun	swe	Hardt	properNoun	nor
Harenkarspel	properNoun	swe	Harenkarspel	properNoun	nor
Hargeisa	properNoun	swe	Hargeisa	properNoun	nor
Harghita	properNoun	swe	Harghita	properNoun	nor
Hargrave Hill	properNoun	swe	Hargrave Hill	properNoun	nor
Hargshamn	properNoun	swe	Hargshamn	properNoun	nor
Hari Rud	properNoun	swe	Hari Rud	properNoun	nor
Hari Rud	properNoun	swe	Harirud	properNoun	nor
Harju län	properNoun	swe	Harju maakond	properNoun	nor
Harker	properNoun	swe	Harker	properNoun	nor
Harlingen	properNoun	swe	Harlingen	properNoun	nor
Harlinghausen	properNoun	swe	Harlinghausen	properNoun	nor
Harlington	properNoun	swe	Harlington	properNoun	nor
Harlösa	properNoun	swe	Harlösa	properNoun	nor
Harmersbach	properNoun	swe	Harmersbach	properNoun	nor
Harmonie	properNoun	swe	Harmonie	properNoun	nor
Harmony	properNoun	swe	Harmony	properNoun	nor
Harmånger	properNoun	swe	Harmånger	properNoun	nor
Harmångersån	properNoun	swe	Harmångersån	properNoun	nor
Harnasie Hill	properNoun	swe	Harnasie Hill	properNoun	nor
Harold Byrd Mountains	properNoun	swe	Harold Byrd Mountains	properNoun	nor
Harp Hill	properNoun	swe	Harp Hill	properNoun	nor
Harplinge	properNoun	swe	Harplinge	properNoun	nor
Harpstedt	properNoun	swe	Harpstedt	properNoun	nor
Harrachov	properNoun	swe	Harrachov	properNoun	nor
Harrigan Hill	properNoun	swe	Harrigan Hill	properNoun	nor
Harrislee	properNoun	swe	Harrislee	properNoun	nor
Harrison Ice Ridge	properNoun	swe	Harrison Ice Ridge	properNoun	nor
Harrison Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Harrison Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Harrison Stream	properNoun	swe	Harrison Stream	properNoun	nor
Harriss Ridge	properNoun	swe	Harriss Ridge	properNoun	nor
Harrisville	properNoun	swe	Harrisville	properNoun	nor
Harrogate	properNoun	swe	Harrogate	properNoun	nor
Harsefeld	properNoun	swe	Harsefeld	properNoun	nor
Harsewinkel	properNoun	swe	Harsewinkel	properNoun	nor
Harsleben	properNoun	swe	Harsleben	properNoun	nor
Hart Hills	properNoun	swe	Hart Hills	properNoun	nor
Hartenholm	properNoun	swe	Hartenholm	properNoun	nor
Harter Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Harter Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Harth	properNoun	swe	Harth	properNoun	nor
Hartha	properNoun	swe	Hartha	properNoun	nor
Hartlepool	properNoun	swe	Hartlepool	properNoun	nor
Hartmannswillerkopf	properNoun	swe	Hartmannswillerkopf	properNoun	nor
Hartwall Arena	properNoun	swe	Hartwall-areena	properNoun	nor
Hartwall Arena	properNoun	swe	Hartwall Areena	properNoun	nor
Harvard Tarn	properNoun	swe	Harvard Tarn	properNoun	nor
Harvey Heights	properNoun	swe	Harvey Heights	properNoun	nor
Harvey Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Harvey Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Harvey Summit	properNoun	swe	Harvey Summit	properNoun	nor
Harwich	properNoun	swe	Harwich	properNoun	nor
Haryana	properNoun	swe	Haryana	properNoun	nor
Harz	properNoun	swe	Harz	properNoun	nor
Harzberg	properNoun	swe	Harzberg	properNoun	nor
Harzgerode	properNoun	swe	Harzgerode	properNoun	nor
Hasbach	properNoun	swe	Hasbach	properNoun	nor
Hase	properNoun	swe	Hase	properNoun	nor
Hasede	properNoun	swe	Hasede	properNoun	nor
Haseldorf	properNoun	swe	Haseldorf	properNoun	nor
Haselünne	properNoun	swe	Haselünne	properNoun	nor
Hasenbach	properNoun	swe	Hasenbach	properNoun	nor
Hasenberg	properNoun	swe	Hasenberg	properNoun	nor
Hasenkamp	properNoun	swe	Hasenkamp	properNoun	nor
Hasenmatt	properNoun	swe	Hasenmatt	properNoun	nor
Haskard Highlands	properNoun	swe	Haskard Highlands	properNoun	nor
Haskill Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Haskill Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Haslam Heights	properNoun	swe	Haslam Heights	properNoun	nor
Hasle	properNoun	swe	Hasle	properNoun	nor
Haslemere	properNoun	swe	Haslemere	properNoun	nor
Hasliberg	properNoun	swe	Hasliberg	properNoun	nor
Haslop	properNoun	swe	Haslop	properNoun	nor
Haspel	properNoun	swe	Haspel	properNoun	nor
Hasroûn	properNoun	swe	Hasroun	properNoun	nor
Hassage	properNoun	swe	Hassage	properNoun	nor
Hassela	properNoun	swe	Hassela	properNoun	nor
Hasselfelde	properNoun	swe	Hasselfelde	properNoun	nor
Hasselfors	properNoun	swe	Hasselfors	properNoun	nor
Hasslarp	properNoun	swe	Hasslarp	properNoun	nor
Hasslö	properNoun	swe	Hasslö	properNoun	nor
Hasslöv	properNoun	swe	Hasslöv	properNoun	nor
Hastenrath	properNoun	swe	Hastenrath	properNoun	nor
Hasvik flygplats	properNoun	swe	Hasvik lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Hasvik flygplats	properNoun	swe	Hasvik lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Hatay	properNoun	swe	Hatay	properNoun	nor
Hatch Plain	properNoun	swe	Hatch Plain	properNoun	nor
Hatlestrand	properNoun	swe	Hatlestrand	properNoun	nor
Hatta	properNoun	swe	Hatta	properNoun	nor
Hatten	properNoun	swe	Hatten	properNoun	nor
Hatti	properNoun	swe	Hatti	properNoun	nor
Hattingen	properNoun	swe	Hattingen	properNoun	nor
Hattstedt	properNoun	swe	Hattstedt	properNoun	nor
Hattusa	properNoun	swe	Hattusa	properNoun	nor
Hau	properNoun	swe	Hau	properNoun	nor
Hauenstein	properNoun	swe	Hauenstein	properNoun	nor
Haugvad	properNoun	swe	Haugvad	properNoun	nor
Haufe	properNoun	swe	Haufe	properNoun	nor
Haukadalur	properNoun	swe	Haukadalur	properNoun	nor
Hauken Rock	properNoun	swe	Hauken Rock	properNoun	nor
Haupt Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Haupt Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Haurakigolfen	properNoun	swe	Hauraki Gulf	properNoun	nor
Haurakigolfen	properNoun	swe	Haurakigolfen	properNoun	nor
Haus im Ennstal	properNoun	swe	Haus im Ennstal	properNoun	nor
Hausberge	properNoun	swe	Hausberge	properNoun	nor
Hausen	properNoun	swe	Hausen	properNoun	nor
Hauser	properNoun	swe	Hauser	properNoun	nor
Hausstock	properNoun	swe	Hausstock	properNoun	nor
Haut de Cry	properNoun	swe	Haut de Cry	properNoun	nor
Hauterive	properNoun	swe	Hauterive	properNoun	nor
Hauterives	properNoun	swe	Hauterives	properNoun	nor
Hauteville	properNoun	swe	Hauteville	properNoun	nor
Hautmont	properNoun	swe	Hautmont	properNoun	nor
Havanna	properNoun	swe	Havana	properNoun	nor
Havant	properNoun	swe	Havant	properNoun	nor
Havdhem	properNoun	swe	Havdhem	properNoun	nor
Havelberg	properNoun	swe	Havelberg	properNoun	nor
Havelland	properNoun	swe	Havelland	properNoun	nor
Haven Mountain	properNoun	swe	Haven Mountain	properNoun	nor
Havener	properNoun	swe	Havener	properNoun	nor
Haverdal	properNoun	swe	Haverdal	properNoun	nor
Havilland Point	properNoun	swe	Havilland Point	properNoun	nor
Havnegade	properNoun	swe	Havnegade	properNoun	nor
Havneholmen	properNoun	swe	Havneholmen	properNoun	nor
Havøysundbron	properNoun	swe	Havøysundbrua	properNoun	nor
Hawes	properNoun	swe	Hawes	properNoun	nor
Hawkes Heights	properNoun	swe	Hawkes Heights	properNoun	nor
Hawkes	properNoun	swe	Hawkes	properNoun	nor
Hawkhurst	properNoun	swe	Hawkhurst	properNoun	nor
Haworth Mesa	properNoun	swe	Haworth Mesa	properNoun	nor
Hayes Head	properNoun	swe	Hayes Head	properNoun	nor
Hayingen	properNoun	swe	Hayingen	properNoun	nor
Hayle	properNoun	swe	Hayle	properNoun	nor
Hayman Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Hayman Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Hays Mountains	properNoun	swe	Hays Mountains	properNoun	nor
Hayter	properNoun	swe	Hayter	properNoun	nor
Haywards Heath	properNoun	swe	Haywards Heath	properNoun	nor
Hazlehurst	properNoun	swe	Hazlehurst	properNoun	nor
Hazlett	properNoun	swe	Hazlett	properNoun	nor
Haßlinghausen	properNoun	swe	Haßlinghausen	properNoun	nor
Healesville	properNoun	swe	Healesville	properNoun	nor
Heanor	properNoun	swe	Heanor	properNoun	nor
Heaps Rock	properNoun	swe	Heaps Rock	properNoun	nor
Heavitree	properNoun	swe	Heavitree	properNoun	nor
Hebden Bridge	properNoun	swe	Hebden Bridge	properNoun	nor
Hebei	properNoun	swe	Hebei	properNoun	nor
Heberg	properNoun	swe	Heberg	properNoun	nor
Hebi	properNoun	swe	Hebi	properNoun	nor
Hebriderna	properNoun	swe	Hebridane	properNoun	nor
Hebriderna	properNoun	swe	Hebridene	properNoun	nor
Hebrizelm Hill	properNoun	swe	Hebrizelm Hill	properNoun	nor
Hebron	properNoun	swe	Hebron	properNoun	nor
Heby kommun	properNoun	swe	Heby kommune	properNoun	nor
Heby	properNoun	swe	Heby	properNoun	nor
Hechi	properNoun	swe	Hechi	properNoun	nor
Hechingen	properNoun	swe	Hechingen	properNoun	nor
Hecke	properNoun	swe	Hecke	properNoun	nor
Hecklingen	properNoun	swe	Hecklingen	properNoun	nor
Hedalens stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Hedalen stavkirke	properNoun	nor
Hedalens stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Hedalen stavkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Hedared	properNoun	swe	Hedared	properNoun	nor
Hedareds stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Hedared stavkirke	properNoun	nor
Hedareds stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Hedared stavkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Heddinghausen	properNoun	swe	Heddinghausen	properNoun	nor
Hede	properNoun	swe	Hede	properNoun	nor
Hedeby	properNoun	swe	Hedeby	properNoun	nor
Hedekas	properNoun	swe	Hedekas	properNoun	nor
Hedem	properNoun	swe	Hedem	properNoun	nor
Hedemora kommun	properNoun	swe	Hedemora kommune	properNoun	nor
Hedemora	properNoun	swe	Hedemora	properNoun	nor
Hedensteds kommun	properNoun	swe	Hedensted kommune	properNoun	nor
Hedenäset	properNoun	swe	Hedenäset	properNoun	nor
Hederslegionen	properNoun	swe	Æreslegionen	properNoun	nor
Hedeskoga	properNoun	swe	Hedeskoga	properNoun	nor
Hedesunda	properNoun	swe	Hedesunda	properNoun	nor
Hedgpeth Heights	properNoun	swe	Hedgpeth Heights	properNoun	nor
Hedlunda	properNoun	swe	Hedlunda	properNoun	nor
Hedmark fylke	properNoun	swe	Hedmark fylke	properNoun	nor
Hedströmmen	properNoun	swe	Hedströmmen	properNoun	nor
Hedvig Eleonora församling	properNoun	swe	Hedvig Eleonora församling	properNoun	nor
Heede	properNoun	swe	Heede	properNoun	nor
Heek	properNoun	swe	Heek	properNoun	nor
Heekin	properNoun	swe	Heekin	properNoun	nor
Heerde	properNoun	swe	Heerde	properNoun	nor
Heere	properNoun	swe	Heere	properNoun	nor
Heerenveen	properNoun	swe	Heerenveen	properNoun	nor
Heerlen	properNoun	swe	Heerlen	properNoun	nor
Hefei	properNoun	swe	Hefei	properNoun	nor
Hefenhofen	properNoun	swe	Hefenhofen	properNoun	nor
Hegang	properNoun	swe	Hegang	properNoun	nor
Hegau	properNoun	swe	Hegau	properNoun	nor
Heggedal järnvägsstation	properNoun	swe	Heggedal stasjon	properNoun	nor
Hehn	properNoun	swe	Hehn	properNoun	nor
Heidberg	properNoun	swe	Heidberg	properNoun	nor
Heiden	properNoun	swe	Heiden	properNoun	nor
Heidenau	properNoun	swe	Heidenau	properNoun	nor
Heidfeld	properNoun	swe	Heidfeld	properNoun	nor
Heidt	properNoun	swe	Heidt	properNoun	nor
Heihe	properNoun	swe	Heihe	properNoun	nor
Heilbronn	properNoun	swe	Heilbronn	properNoun	nor
Heiligenhaus	properNoun	swe	Heiligenhaus	properNoun	nor
Heiligenschwendi	properNoun	swe	Heiligenschwendi	properNoun	nor
Heilongjiang	properNoun	swe	Heilongjiang	properNoun	nor
Heimbach	properNoun	swe	Heimbach	properNoun	nor
Heimberg	properNoun	swe	Heimberg	properNoun	nor
Heimburg	properNoun	swe	Heimburg	properNoun	nor
Heimefrontfjella	properNoun	swe	Heimefrontfjella	properNoun	nor
Heimenhausen	properNoun	swe	Heimenhausen	properNoun	nor
Heimer	properNoun	swe	Heimer	properNoun	nor
Heimerzheim	properNoun	swe	Heimerzheim	properNoun	nor
Heimiswil	properNoun	swe	Heimiswil	properNoun	nor
Heimsheim	properNoun	swe	Heimsheim	properNoun	nor
Heinola	properNoun	swe	Heinola	properNoun	nor
Heinrichsdorf	properNoun	swe	Heinrichsdorf	properNoun	nor
Heinsberg	properNoun	swe	Heinsberg	properNoun	nor
Heinsen	properNoun	swe	Heinsen	properNoun	nor
Heinzenberg	properNoun	swe	Heinzenberg	properNoun	nor
Heiser Ridge	properNoun	swe	Heiser Ridge	properNoun	nor
Heiser	properNoun	swe	Heiser	properNoun	nor
Heist	properNoun	swe	Heist	properNoun	nor
Heisterbacherrott	properNoun	swe	Heisterbacherrott	properNoun	nor
Heitenried	properNoun	swe	Heitenried	properNoun	nor
Heiterwanger See	properNoun	swe	Heiterwanger See	properNoun	nor
Heißen	properNoun	swe	Heißen	properNoun	nor
Heiås	properNoun	swe	Heiås	properNoun	nor
Heksegryta	properNoun	swe	Heksegryta	properNoun	nor
Helagsfjället	properNoun	swe	Helagsfjellet	properNoun	nor
Helen Hayes Theatre	properNoun	swe	Helen Hayes Theatre	properNoun	nor
Helensburgh	properNoun	swe	Helensburgh	properNoun	nor
Helfert Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Helfert Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Helfta	properNoun	swe	Helfta	properNoun	nor
Helgafell	properNoun	swe	Helgafell	properNoun	nor
Helgasjön	properNoun	swe	Helgasjön	properNoun	nor
Helge å	properNoun	swe	Helge å	properNoun	nor
Helgeandsholmen	properNoun	swe	Helgeandsholmen	properNoun	nor
Helgolandsbukten	properNoun	swe	Helgolandbukta	properNoun	nor
Helgö	properNoun	swe	Helgö	properNoun	nor
Helhalvön	properNoun	swe	Helhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Heliotrop	properNoun	swe	Heliotrop	properNoun	nor
Helis Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Helis Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Helix Pass	properNoun	swe	Helix Pass	properNoun	nor
Hellbach	properNoun	swe	Hellbach	properNoun	nor
Hellenthal	properNoun	swe	Hellenthal	properNoun	nor
Hellerman Rocks	properNoun	swe	Hellerman Rocks	properNoun	nor
Hellikon	properNoun	swe	Hellikon	properNoun	nor
Hellisey	properNoun	swe	Hellisey	properNoun	nor
Hellisøy fyr	properNoun	swe	Hellisøy fyr	properNoun	nor
Hellisøy fyr	properNoun	swe	Hellisøy fyr	properNoun	nor
Hellisøy fyr	properNoun	swe	Hellisøy fyrstasjon	properNoun	nor
Hellmofjorden	properNoun	swe	Hellmofjorden	properNoun	nor
Hells Gate Moraine	properNoun	swe	Hells Gate Moraine	properNoun	nor
Hellsau	properNoun	swe	Hellsau	properNoun	nor
Helme	properNoun	swe	Helme	properNoun	nor
Helms	properNoun	swe	Helms	properNoun	nor
Helmsley	properNoun	swe	Helmsley	properNoun	nor
Helmstedt	properNoun	swe	Helmstedt	properNoun	nor
Helper	properNoun	swe	Helper	properNoun	nor
Helsenhorn	properNoun	swe	Helsenhorn	properNoun	nor
Helsingborgs kommun	properNoun	swe	Helsingborg kommune	properNoun	nor
Helsingfors Olympiastadion	properNoun	swe	Olympiastadion i Helsingfors	properNoun	nor
Helsingfors universitet	properNoun	swe	Helsingfors universitet	properNoun	nor
Helsingör	properNoun	swe	Helsingør	properNoun	nor
Helsingørs kommun	properNoun	swe	Helsingør kommune	properNoun	nor
Helston	properNoun	swe	Helston	properNoun	nor
Helstorf	properNoun	swe	Helstorf	properNoun	nor
Helten	properNoun	swe	Helten	properNoun	nor
Hemau	properNoun	swe	Hemau	properNoun	nor
Hemden	properNoun	swe	Hemden	properNoun	nor
Hemel Hempstead	properNoun	swe	Hemel Hempstead	properNoun	nor
Hemer	properNoun	swe	Hemer	properNoun	nor
Hemme	properNoun	swe	Hemme	properNoun	nor
Hemmerich	properNoun	swe	Hemmerich	properNoun	nor
Hemmesta	properNoun	swe	Hemmesta	properNoun	nor
Hemmiken	properNoun	swe	Hemmiken	properNoun	nor
Hemmingen	properNoun	swe	Hemmingen	properNoun	nor
Hemmingsmark	properNoun	swe	Hemmingsmark	properNoun	nor
Hemmingstedt	properNoun	swe	Hemmingstedt	properNoun	nor
Hemmoor	properNoun	swe	Hemmoor	properNoun	nor
Hemse	properNoun	swe	Hemse	properNoun	nor
Hemsedal skisenter	properNoun	swe	Hemsedal skisenter	properNoun	nor
Hemsworth	properNoun	swe	Hemsworth	properNoun	nor
Hemsön	properNoun	swe	Hemsön	properNoun	nor
Hemtjärnen	properNoun	swe	Hemtjärnen	properNoun	nor
Hendaye	properNoun	swe	Hendaye	properNoun	nor
Hendersin Knob	properNoun	swe	Hendersin Knob	properNoun	nor
Henderson Pyramid	properNoun	swe	Henderson Pyramid	properNoun	nor
Hendschiken	properNoun	swe	Hendschiken	properNoun	nor
Henfield Rock	properNoun	swe	Henfield Rock	properNoun	nor
Hengelo	properNoun	swe	Hengelo	properNoun	nor
Hengist Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Hengist Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Henglarn	properNoun	swe	Henglarn	properNoun	nor
Hengshui	properNoun	swe	Hengshui	properNoun	nor
Hengstenberg	properNoun	swe	Hengstenberg	properNoun	nor
Henitjesk	properNoun	swe	Henitsjesk	properNoun	nor
Henksen	properNoun	swe	Henksen	properNoun	nor
Henne	properNoun	swe	Henne	properNoun	nor
Henniez	properNoun	swe	Henniez	properNoun	nor
Hennigsdorf	properNoun	swe	Hennigsdorf	properNoun	nor
Henriettaön	properNoun	swe	Henriettaøya	properNoun	nor
Henry Mesa	properNoun	swe	Henry Mesa	properNoun	nor
Henry Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Henry Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Henrysanden	properNoun	swe	Henrysanden	properNoun	nor
Henson	properNoun	swe	Henson	properNoun	nor
Henstedt	properNoun	swe	Henstedt	properNoun	nor
Henån	properNoun	swe	Henån	properNoun	nor
Heppen	properNoun	swe	Heppen	properNoun	nor
Heraclea Pontica	properNoun	swe	Heraklea Pontika	properNoun	nor
Heraklion flygplats	properNoun	swe	Heraklion internasjonale lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Heraklion flygplats	properNoun	swe	Iráklio internasjonale lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Herbeck	properNoun	swe	Herbeck	properNoun	nor
Herbede	properNoun	swe	Herbede	properNoun	nor
Herbert Mountains	properNoun	swe	Herbert Mountains	properNoun	nor
Herbert Plateau	properNoun	swe	Herbert Plateau	properNoun	nor
Herbligen	properNoun	swe	Herbligen	properNoun	nor
Herculaneum	properNoun	swe	Herculaneum	properNoun	nor
Herdecke	properNoun	swe	Herdecke	properNoun	nor
Herdman Rocks	properNoun	swe	Herdman Rocks	properNoun	nor
Herdman	properNoun	swe	Herdman	properNoun	nor
Herdt	properNoun	swe	Herdt	properNoun	nor
Herefordshire	properNoun	swe	Herefordshire	properNoun	nor
Herford	properNoun	swe	Herford	properNoun	nor
Hergiswil bei Willisau	properNoun	swe	Hergiswil bei Willisau	properNoun	nor
Herisau	properNoun	swe	Herisau	properNoun	nor
Heritage Range	properNoun	swe	Heritage Range	properNoun	nor
Herlacher	properNoun	swe	Herlacher	properNoun	nor
Herlevs kommun	properNoun	swe	Herlev kommune	properNoun	nor
Herm	properNoun	swe	Herm	properNoun	nor
Hermance	properNoun	swe	Hermance	properNoun	nor
Hermannsburg	properNoun	swe	Hermannsburg	properNoun	nor
Hermaringen	properNoun	swe	Hermaringen	properNoun	nor
Hermenches	properNoun	swe	Hermenches	properNoun	nor
Hermes Point	properNoun	swe	Hermes Point	properNoun	nor
Hermiswil	properNoun	swe	Hermiswil	properNoun	nor
Hermon	properNoun	swe	Hermonfjellet	properNoun	nor
Hermrigen	properNoun	swe	Hermrigen	properNoun	nor
Hermülheim	properNoun	swe	Hermülheim	properNoun	nor
Herne	properNoun	swe	Herne	properNoun	nor
Hernings kommun	properNoun	swe	Herning kommune	properNoun	nor
Hernstein	properNoun	swe	Hernstein	properNoun	nor
Herrebøe Fayancefabrik	properNoun	swe	Herrebøe Fajansefabrikk	properNoun	nor
Herrebøe Fayancefabrik	properNoun	swe	Herrebøe	properNoun	nor
Herrenberg	properNoun	swe	Herrenberg	properNoun	nor
Herrenholz	properNoun	swe	Herrenholz	properNoun	nor
Herrestad	properNoun	swe	Herrestad	properNoun	nor
Herrig	properNoun	swe	Herrig	properNoun	nor
Herriman	properNoun	swe	Herriman	properNoun	nor
Herring Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Herring Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Herringhausen	properNoun	swe	Herringhausen	properNoun	nor
Herrljunga kommun	properNoun	swe	Herrljunga kommune	properNoun	nor
Herrljunga	properNoun	swe	Herrljunga	properNoun	nor
Herrmann Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Herrmann Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Herrnhutismen	properNoun	swe	Brødremenigheten	properNoun	nor
Herrnhutismen	properNoun	swe	Herrnhutismen	properNoun	nor
Herräng	properNoun	swe	Herräng	properNoun	nor
Hersberg	properNoun	swe	Hersberg	properNoun	nor
Herscheid	properNoun	swe	Herscheid	properNoun	nor
Herschel Heights	properNoun	swe	Herschel Heights	properNoun	nor
Hershey Ridge	properNoun	swe	Hershey Ridge	properNoun	nor
Hersiwil	properNoun	swe	Hersiwil	properNoun	nor
Herstadberg	properNoun	swe	Herstadberg	properNoun	nor
Herten	properNoun	swe	Herten	properNoun	nor
Hertford College	properNoun	swe	Hertford College	properNoun	nor
Hertfordshire	properNoun	swe	Hertfordshire	properNoun	nor
Hertigdömet Kurland	properNoun	swe	Hertugdømet Kurland og Semigallen	properNoun	nor
Hertigdömet Kurland	properNoun	swe	Hertugdømmet Kurland og Semgallen	properNoun	nor
Hertigdömet Luxemburg	properNoun	swe	Hertugdømet Luxembourg	properNoun	nor
Hertigdömet Luxemburg	properNoun	swe	Hertugdømmet Luxembourg	properNoun	nor
Hertigdömet Magdeburg	properNoun	swe	Hertugdømet Magdeburg	properNoun	nor
Hertigdömet Magdeburg	properNoun	swe	Hertugdømmet Magdeburg	properNoun	nor
Hertigdömet Milano	properNoun	swe	Hertugdømet Milano	properNoun	nor
Hertigdömet Milano	properNoun	swe	Hertugdømmet Milano	properNoun	nor
Hertigdömet Preussen	properNoun	swe	Hertugdømet Preussen	properNoun	nor
Hertigdömet Preussen	properNoun	swe	Hertugdømmet Preussen	properNoun	nor
Hertigdömet Warszawa	properNoun	swe	Hertugdømet Warszawa	properNoun	nor
Hertigdömet Warszawa	properNoun	swe	Hertugdømmet Warszawa	properNoun	nor
Hertsön	properNoun	swe	Hertsön	properNoun	nor
Herweg	properNoun	swe	Herweg	properNoun	nor
Herzberg am Harz	properNoun	swe	Herzberg am Harz	properNoun	nor
Herzberg	properNoun	swe	Herzberg	properNoun	nor
Herzebrock	properNoun	swe	Herzebrock	properNoun	nor
Herzfeld	properNoun	swe	Herzfeld	properNoun	nor
Herzlake	properNoun	swe	Herzlake	properNoun	nor
Herzliya	properNoun	swe	Herzliya	properNoun	nor
Herznach	properNoun	swe	Herznach	properNoun	nor
Herzogenbuchsee	properNoun	swe	Herzogenbuchsee	properNoun	nor
Herzogenrath	properNoun	swe	Herzogenrath	properNoun	nor
Hesperides Hill	properNoun	swe	Hesperides Hill	properNoun	nor
Hesperus Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Hesperus Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Hess Mesa	properNoun	swe	Hess Mesa	properNoun	nor
Hessdalen	properNoun	swe	Hessdalen	properNoun	nor
Hessel	properNoun	swe	Hessel	properNoun	nor
Hessigkofen	properNoun	swe	Hessigkofen	properNoun	nor
Hessisch Oldendorf	properNoun	swe	Hessisch Oldendorf	properNoun	nor
Hestra	properNoun	swe	Hestra	properNoun	nor
Hestur	properNoun	swe	Hestur	properNoun	nor
Heth Ridge	properNoun	swe	Heth Ridge	properNoun	nor
Hettingen	properNoun	swe	Hettingen	properNoun	nor
Hettstedt	properNoun	swe	Hettstedt	properNoun	nor
Hetzerath	properNoun	swe	Hetzerath	properNoun	nor
Heubach	properNoun	swe	Heubach	properNoun	nor
Heuckenlock	properNoun	swe	Heuckenlock	properNoun	nor
Heusenstamm	properNoun	swe	Heusenstamm	properNoun	nor
Heuser Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Heuser Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Heven	properNoun	swe	Heven	properNoun	nor
Hexham	properNoun	swe	Hexham	properNoun	nor
Heyuan	properNoun	swe	Heyuan	properNoun	nor
Heze	properNoun	swe	Heze	properNoun	nor
Hibbert Rock	properNoun	swe	Hibbert Rock	properNoun	nor
Hickey	properNoun	swe	Hickey	properNoun	nor
Hickory	properNoun	swe	Hickory	properNoun	nor
Hiddenhausen	properNoun	swe	Hiddenhausen	properNoun	nor
Hiddensee	properNoun	swe	Hiddensee	properNoun	nor
Hiendertelltihorn	properNoun	swe	Hiendertelltihorn	properNoun	nor
Higgins Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Higgins Nunatak	properNoun	nor
High Chaparral	properNoun	swe	High Chaparral	properNoun	nor
High Nunatak	properNoun	swe	High Nunatak	properNoun	nor
High Plains	properNoun	swe	High Plains	properNoun	nor
High Wycombe	properNoun	swe	High Wycombe	properNoun	nor
Highjump Archipelago	properNoun	swe	Highjump Archipelago	properNoun	nor
Highland	properNoun	swe	Highland	properNoun	nor
Hiiu län	properNoun	swe	Hiiu maakond	properNoun	nor
Hiiu län	properNoun	swe	Hiiu	properNoun	nor
Hijaz	properNoun	swe	Hijaz	properNoun	nor
Hikone	properNoun	swe	Hikone	properNoun	nor
Hilchenbach	properNoun	swe	Hilchenbach	properNoun	nor
Hildburghausen	properNoun	swe	Hildburghausen	properNoun	nor
Hilden	properNoun	swe	Hilden	properNoun	nor
Hildesheim	properNoun	swe	Hildesheim	properNoun	nor
Hillared	properNoun	swe	Hillared	properNoun	nor
Hillary Coast	properNoun	swe	Hillary Coast	properNoun	nor
Hillehorn	properNoun	swe	Hillehorn	properNoun	nor
Hillentrup	properNoun	swe	Hillentrup	properNoun	nor
Hillerstorp	properNoun	swe	Hillerstorp	properNoun	nor
Hillerøds kommun	properNoun	swe	Hillerød kommune	properNoun	nor
Hillier Moss	properNoun	swe	Hillier Moss	properNoun	nor
Hillman	properNoun	swe	Hillman	properNoun	nor
Hillsboro	properNoun	swe	Hillsboro	properNoun	nor
Hilst	properNoun	swe	Hilst	properNoun	nor
Hilterfingen	properNoun	swe	Hilterfingen	properNoun	nor
Hiltrup	properNoun	swe	Hiltrup	properNoun	nor
Hilversum	properNoun	swe	Hilversum	properNoun	nor
Himachal Pradesh	properNoun	swe	Himachal Pradesh	properNoun	nor
Himalia Ridge	properNoun	swe	Himalia Ridge	properNoun	nor
Himara	properNoun	swe	Himarë	properNoun	nor
Himle	properNoun	swe	Himle	properNoun	nor
Himleån	properNoun	swe	Himleån	properNoun	nor
Himmelberg Hills	properNoun	swe	Himmelberg Hills	properNoun	nor
Himmerland	properNoun	swe	Himmerland	properNoun	nor
Hinckley	properNoun	swe	Hinckley	properNoun	nor
Hind Turret	properNoun	swe	Hind Turret	properNoun	nor
Hindelbank	properNoun	swe	Hindelbank	properNoun	nor
Hindukush	properNoun	swe	Hindu Kush	properNoun	nor
Hindukush	properNoun	swe	Hindukush	properNoun	nor
Hinlopenstretet	properNoun	swe	Hinlopenstretet	properNoun	nor
Hinnøya	properNoun	swe	Hinnøya	properNoun	nor
Hinter Tierberg	properNoun	swe	Hinter Tierberg	properNoun	nor
Hinterer Bratschenkopf	properNoun	swe	Hintere Bratschenkopf	properNoun	nor
Hinterer Brochkogel	properNoun	swe	Hintere Brochkogel	properNoun	nor
Hinterer Brochkogel	properNoun	swe	Hinterer Brochkogel	properNoun	nor
Hinterer Seelenkogel	properNoun	swe	Hintere Seelenkogel	properNoun	nor
Hinteri Egg	properNoun	swe	Hinteri Egg	properNoun	nor
Hinterrhein	properNoun	swe	Hinterrhein	properNoun	nor
Hinterrugg	properNoun	swe	Hinterrugg	properNoun	nor
Hinterstoder	properNoun	swe	Hinterstoder	properNoun	nor
Hinwil	properNoun	swe	Hinwil	properNoun	nor
Hippo Regius	properNoun	swe	Hippo Regius	properNoun	nor
Hiram	properNoun	swe	Hiram	properNoun	nor
Hirsau	properNoun	swe	Hirsau	properNoun	nor
Hirschau	properNoun	swe	Hirschau	properNoun	nor
Hirschenstein	properNoun	swe	Hirschenstein	properNoun	nor
Hirschthal	properNoun	swe	Hirschthal	properNoun	nor
Hirschwald	properNoun	swe	Hirschwald	properNoun	nor
Hirsholmene	properNoun	swe	Hirsholmene	properNoun	nor
Hirzel	properNoun	swe	Hirzel	properNoun	nor
Hishult	properNoun	swe	Hishult	properNoun	nor
Hispaniola	properNoun	swe	Hispaniola	properNoun	nor
Hissjö	properNoun	swe	Hissjön	properNoun	nor
Historiska museet	properNoun	swe	Statens historiska museum	properNoun	nor
Hitchcock Heights	properNoun	swe	Hitchcock Heights	properNoun	nor
Hitchin	properNoun	swe	Hitchin	properNoun	nor
Hitdorf	properNoun	swe	Hitdorf	properNoun	nor
Hittarp	properNoun	swe	Hittarp	properNoun	nor
Hitterdals stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Heddal stavkirke	properNoun	nor
Hitterdals stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Heddal stavkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Hiyoko Zima	properNoun	swe	Hiyoko-jima	properNoun	nor
Hjertøya	properNoun	swe	Hjertøya	properNoun	nor
Hjo kommun	properNoun	swe	Hjo kommune	properNoun	nor
Hjort Massif	properNoun	swe	Hjort Massif	properNoun	nor
Hjorted	properNoun	swe	Hjorted	properNoun	nor
Hjorth Hill	properNoun	swe	Hjorth Hill	properNoun	nor
Hjortkvarn	properNoun	swe	Hjortkvarn	properNoun	nor
Hjortsberga	properNoun	swe	Hjortsberga	properNoun	nor
Hjortshøj	properNoun	swe	Hjortshøj	properNoun	nor
Hjortspringbåten	properNoun	swe	Hjortspringbåten	properNoun	nor
Hjortspringbåten	properNoun	swe	Hjortspringsbåten	properNoun	nor
Hjuvik	properNoun	swe	Hjuvik	properNoun	nor
Hjällbo	properNoun	swe	Hjällbo	properNoun	nor
Hjälm	properNoun	swe	Hjälm	properNoun	nor
Hjälmared	properNoun	swe	Hjälmared	properNoun	nor
Hjälmaren	properNoun	swe	Hjälmaren	properNoun	nor
Hjältevad	properNoun	swe	Hjältevad	properNoun	nor
Hjärnarp	properNoun	swe	Hjärnarp	properNoun	nor
Hjärsås	properNoun	swe	Hjärsås	properNoun	nor
Hjärtum	properNoun	swe	Hjärtum	properNoun	nor
Hjärup	properNoun	swe	Hjärup	properNoun	nor
Hjørnehorna	properNoun	swe	Hjørnehorna	properNoun	nor
Hjørrings kommun	properNoun	swe	Hjørring kommune	properNoun	nor
Hoare	properNoun	swe	Hoare	properNoun	nor
Hobbs Coast	properNoun	swe	Hobbs Coast	properNoun	nor
Hobbs Ridge	properNoun	swe	Hobbs Ridge	properNoun	nor
Hobbs Stream	properNoun	swe	Hobbs Stream	properNoun	nor
Hobby Rocks	properNoun	swe	Hobby Rocks	properNoun	nor
Hobro	properNoun	swe	Hobro	properNoun	nor
Hoch Ducan	properNoun	swe	Hoch Ducan	properNoun	nor
Hoch Horefellistock	properNoun	swe	Hoch Horefellistock	properNoun	nor
Hochdorf	properNoun	swe	Hochdorf	properNoun	nor
Hochfelln	properNoun	swe	Hochfelln	properNoun	nor
Hochfilzen	properNoun	swe	Hochfilzen	properNoun	nor
Hochgern	properNoun	swe	Hochgern	properNoun	nor
Hochkopf	properNoun	swe	Hochkopf	properNoun	nor
Hochkönig	properNoun	swe	Hochkönig	properNoun	nor
Hochlinfjellet	properNoun	swe	Hochlinfjellet	properNoun	nor
Hochmatt	properNoun	swe	Hochmatt	properNoun	nor
Hochstein Ridge	properNoun	swe	Hochstein Ridge	properNoun	nor
Hochstraß	properNoun	swe	Hochstraß	properNoun	nor
Hochvernagtspitze	properNoun	swe	Hochvernagtspitze	properNoun	nor
Hochwald	properNoun	swe	Hochwald	properNoun	nor
Hodges Point	properNoun	swe	Hodges Point	properNoun	nor
Hodgson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Hodgson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Hoedic	properNoun	swe	Hoëdic	properNoun	nor
Hoelfjella	properNoun	swe	Hoelfjella	properNoun	nor
Hofen	properNoun	swe	Hofen	properNoun	nor
Hoffland	properNoun	swe	Hoffland	properNoun	nor
Hoffnungsthal	properNoun	swe	Hoffnungsthal	properNoun	nor
Hofgeismar	properNoun	swe	Hofgeismar	properNoun	nor
Hofman Hill	properNoun	swe	Hofman Hill	properNoun	nor
Hofors kommun	properNoun	swe	Hofors kommune	properNoun	nor
Hofors	properNoun	swe	Hofors	properNoun	nor
Hofsjökull	properNoun	swe	Hofsjökull	properNoun	nor
Hofstede	properNoun	swe	Hofstede	properNoun	nor
Hofstetten bei Brienz	properNoun	swe	Hofstetten bei Brienz	properNoun	nor
Hofterup	properNoun	swe	Hofterup	properNoun	nor
Hogganvikstenen	properNoun	swe	Hogganviksteinen	properNoun	nor
Hogland	properNoun	swe	Hogland	properNoun	nor
Hogleifa	properNoun	swe	Hogleifa	properNoun	nor
Hogmanay Pass	properNoun	swe	Hogmanay Pass	properNoun	nor
Hogsetfeltet	properNoun	swe	Hogsetfeltet	properNoun	nor
Hogstorp	properNoun	swe	Hogstorp	properNoun	nor
Hohbusch	properNoun	swe	Hohbusch	properNoun	nor
Hohe Dock	properNoun	swe	Hohe Dock	properNoun	nor
Hohe Mark	properNoun	swe	Hohe Mark	properNoun	nor
Hohe Tauern	properNoun	swe	Hohe Tauern	properNoun	nor
Hohenerxleben	properNoun	swe	Hohenerxleben	properNoun	nor
Hohenfelde	properNoun	swe	Hohenfelde	properNoun	nor
Hohenfels	properNoun	swe	Hohenfels	properNoun	nor
Hohenfinow	properNoun	swe	Hohenfinow	properNoun	nor
Hohenhausen	properNoun	swe	Hohenhausen	properNoun	nor
Hohenheim	properNoun	swe	Hohenheim	properNoun	nor
Hohenlimburg	properNoun	swe	Hohenlimburg	properNoun	nor
Hohenselchow	properNoun	swe	Hohenselchow	properNoun	nor
Hohenstadt	properNoun	swe	Hohenstadt	properNoun	nor
Hohenstaufen	properNoun	swe	Hohenstaufen	properNoun	nor
Hohenstein	properNoun	swe	Hohenstein	properNoun	nor
Hohentwiel	properNoun	swe	Hohentwiel	properNoun	nor
Hohenwarthe	properNoun	swe	Hohenwarthe	properNoun	nor
Hoher Dachstein	properNoun	swe	Hoher Dachstein	properNoun	nor
Hoher Tenn	properNoun	swe	Hohe Tenn	properNoun	nor
Hoher Tenn	properNoun	swe	Hoher Tenn	properNoun	nor
Hohgant	properNoun	swe	Hohgant	properNoun	nor
Hohgwächte	properNoun	swe	Hohgwächte	properNoun	nor
Hohhot	properNoun	swe	Hohhot	properNoun	nor
Hohl	properNoun	swe	Hohl	properNoun	nor
Hohn	properNoun	swe	Hohn	properNoun	nor
Hohne	properNoun	swe	Hohne	properNoun	nor
Hohstock	properNoun	swe	Hohstock	properNoun	nor
Hohtälli	properNoun	swe	Hohtälli	properNoun	nor
Hoinkhausen	properNoun	swe	Hoinkhausen	properNoun	nor
Hok	properNoun	swe	Hok	properNoun	nor
Holbrook	properNoun	swe	Holbrook	properNoun	nor
Holbæks kommun	properNoun	swe	Holbæk kommune	properNoun	nor
Holden Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Holden Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Holderbank	properNoun	swe	Holderbank	properNoun	nor
Holdern	properNoun	swe	Holderen	properNoun	nor
Holgate	properNoun	swe	Holgate	properNoun	nor
Holl	properNoun	swe	Holl	properNoun	nor
Holladay Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Holladay Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Hollandscheveld	properNoun	swe	Hollandscheveld	properNoun	nor
Holle	properNoun	swe	Holle	properNoun	nor
Hollen	properNoun	swe	Hollen	properNoun	nor
Hollenbach	properNoun	swe	Hollenbach	properNoun	nor
Hollenberg	properNoun	swe	Hollenberg	properNoun	nor
Hollenstedt	properNoun	swe	Hollenstedt	properNoun	nor
Hollingshead	properNoun	swe	Hollingshead	properNoun	nor
Hollywood Boulevard	properNoun	swe	Hollywood Boulevard	properNoun	nor
Hollywood Walk of Fame	properNoun	swe	Hollywood Walk of Fame	properNoun	nor
Hollywoodskylten	properNoun	swe	Hollywoodskiltet	properNoun	nor
Holman Dome	properNoun	swe	Holman Dome	properNoun	nor
Holmegaard Glasværk	properNoun	swe	Holmegaard Glasværk	properNoun	nor
Holmeja	properNoun	swe	Holmeja	properNoun	nor
Holmenkollbacken	properNoun	swe	Holmenkollbakken	properNoun	nor
Holmens Kanal	properNoun	swe	Holmens Kanal	properNoun	nor
Holmes Block	properNoun	swe	Holmes Block	properNoun	nor
Holmes Hills	properNoun	swe	Holmes Hills	properNoun	nor
Holmeviken	properNoun	swe	Holmevika	properNoun	nor
Holmsund	properNoun	swe	Holmsund	properNoun	nor
Holmträsket	properNoun	swe	Holmträsket	properNoun	nor
Holmöarna	properNoun	swe	Holmöarna	properNoun	nor
Holon	properNoun	swe	Holon	properNoun	nor
Holsbybrunn	properNoun	swe	Holsbybrunn	properNoun	nor
Holsljunga	properNoun	swe	Holsljunga	properNoun	nor
Holsnøy	properNoun	swe	Holsnøy	properNoun	nor
Holstebro kommun	properNoun	swe	Holstebro kommune	properNoun	nor
Holsterhausen	properNoun	swe	Holsterhausen	properNoun	nor
Holsworthy	properNoun	swe	Holsworthy	properNoun	nor
Holt Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Holt Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Holtedahlfjella	properNoun	swe	Holtedahlfjella	properNoun	nor
Holtet Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Holtet Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Holthausen	properNoun	swe	Holthausen	properNoun	nor
Holthusen	properNoun	swe	Holthusen	properNoun	nor
Holtkamp	properNoun	swe	Holtkamp	properNoun	nor
Holtorf	properNoun	swe	Holtorf	properNoun	nor
Holtwick	properNoun	swe	Holtwick	properNoun	nor
Holy Island	properNoun	swe	Holy Island	properNoun	nor
Holyoake Range	properNoun	swe	Holyoake Range	properNoun	nor
Holz	properNoun	swe	Holz	properNoun	nor
Holzbach	properNoun	swe	Holzbach	properNoun	nor
Holzberg	properNoun	swe	Holzberg	properNoun	nor
Holzen	properNoun	swe	Holzen	properNoun	nor
Holzhausen an der Haide	properNoun	swe	Holzhausen an der Haide	properNoun	nor
Holzhausen	properNoun	swe	Holzhausen	properNoun	nor
Holzheim	properNoun	swe	Holzheim	properNoun	nor
Holziken	properNoun	swe	Holziken	properNoun	nor
Holzminden	properNoun	swe	Holzminden	properNoun	nor
Holzwickede	properNoun	swe	Holzwickede	properNoun	nor
Homard	properNoun	swe	Homard	properNoun	nor
Homberg	properNoun	swe	Homberg	properNoun	nor
Hombruch	properNoun	swe	Hombruch	properNoun	nor
Homburg	properNoun	swe	Homburg	properNoun	nor
Homerun Range	properNoun	swe	Homerun Range	properNoun	nor
Homeward Point	properNoun	swe	Homeward Point	properNoun	nor
Homing Head	properNoun	swe	Homing Head	properNoun	nor
Hommelvik kyrka	properNoun	swe	Hommelvik kirke	properNoun	nor
Hommelvik kyrka	properNoun	swe	Hommelvik kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Hommelvik	properNoun	swe	Hommelvik	properNoun	nor
Homs	properNoun	swe	Homs	properNoun	nor
Honau	properNoun	swe	Honau	properNoun	nor
Honiara	properNoun	swe	Honiara	properNoun	nor
Honiton	properNoun	swe	Honiton	properNoun	nor
Honningsvågs kyrka	properNoun	swe	Honningsvåg kirke	properNoun	nor
Honningsvågs kyrka	properNoun	swe	Honningsvåg kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Honshu	properNoun	swe	Honshu	properNoun	nor
Hoogeveen	properNoun	swe	Hoogeveen	properNoun	nor
Hooper Crags	properNoun	swe	Hooper Crags	properNoun	nor
Hoopers Shoulder	properNoun	swe	Hoopers Shoulder	properNoun	nor
Hoopstad	properNoun	swe	Hoopstad	properNoun	nor
Hoorn	properNoun	swe	Hoorn	properNoun	nor
Hopalong Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Hopalong Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Hope Bay	properNoun	swe	Hope Bay	properNoun	nor
Hopperstads stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Hopperstad stavkirke	properNoun	nor
Hopperstads stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Hopperstad stavkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Hopptal	properNoun	swe	Hopptal	properNoun	nor
Hordaland fylke	properNoun	swe	Hordaland fylke	properNoun	nor
Hordern Gap	properNoun	swe	Hordern Gap	properNoun	nor
Hordfast	properNoun	swe	Hordfast	properNoun	nor
Horgehest	properNoun	swe	Horgebest	properNoun	nor
Horgen	properNoun	swe	Horgen	properNoun	nor
Horgenzell	properNoun	swe	Horgenzell	properNoun	nor
Horlick Mountains	properNoun	swe	Horlick Mountains	properNoun	nor
Horlivka	properNoun	swe	Horlivka	properNoun	nor
Hormuzsundet	properNoun	swe	Hormuzstredet	properNoun	nor
Hormuzsundet	properNoun	swe	Hormuzsundet	properNoun	nor
Hornavan	properNoun	swe	Hornavan	properNoun	nor
Hornbach	properNoun	swe	Hornbach	properNoun	nor
Hornborgasjön	properNoun	swe	Hornborgasjön	properNoun	nor
Hornbæk	properNoun	swe	Hornbæk	properNoun	nor
Hornbækbanen	properNoun	swe	Helsingør-Hornbæk-Gilleleje Banen	properNoun	nor
Hornbækbanen	properNoun	swe	Hornbækbanen	properNoun	nor
Horncastle	properNoun	swe	Horncastle	properNoun	nor
Hornchurch	properNoun	swe	Hornchurch	properNoun	nor
Horne Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Horne Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Horneburg	properNoun	swe	Horneburg	properNoun	nor
Horner Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Horner Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Hornindalsvatnet	properNoun	swe	Hornindalsvatnet	properNoun	nor
Hornpipe Heights	properNoun	swe	Hornpipe Heights	properNoun	nor
Horns Rev	properNoun	swe	Horns Rev	properNoun	nor
Hornsea	properNoun	swe	Hornsea	properNoun	nor
Hornsund	properNoun	swe	Hornsund	properNoun	nor
Hornussen	properNoun	swe	Hornussen	properNoun	nor
Hornøya	properNoun	swe	Hornøya	properNoun	nor
Horodenka	properNoun	swe	Horodenka	properNoun	nor
Horred	properNoun	swe	Horred	properNoun	nor
Horriwil	properNoun	swe	Horriwil	properNoun	nor
Horrocks Block	properNoun	swe	Horrocks Block	properNoun	nor
Horsa Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Horsa Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Horsens kommun	properNoun	swe	Horsens kommune	properNoun	nor
Horseshoe Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Horseshoe Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Horsforth	properNoun	swe	Horsforth	properNoun	nor
Horsham	properNoun	swe	Horsham	properNoun	nor
Horst	properNoun	swe	Horst	properNoun	nor
Horstedt	properNoun	swe	Horstedt	properNoun	nor
Horstmar	properNoun	swe	Horstmar	properNoun	nor
Hortlax	properNoun	swe	Hortlax	properNoun	nor
Horton Ledge	properNoun	swe	Horton Ledge	properNoun	nor
Horwich	properNoun	swe	Horwich	properNoun	nor
Horyn	properNoun	swe	Horyn	properNoun	nor
Hoser	properNoun	swe	Hoser	properNoun	nor
Hosjö	properNoun	swe	Hosjö	properNoun	nor
Hospental	properNoun	swe	Hospental	properNoun	nor
Hot Springs	properNoun	swe	Hot Springs	properNoun	nor
Hotagssjön	properNoun	swe	Hotagssjön	properNoun	nor
Hotine	properNoun	swe	Hotine	properNoun	nor
Hoting	properNoun	swe	Hoting	properNoun	nor
House Nunatak	properNoun	swe	House Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Houtskär	properNoun	swe	Houtskär	properNoun	nor
Hova	properNoun	swe	Hova	properNoun	nor
Hovden i Setesdal	properNoun	swe	Hovden i Setesdal	properNoun	nor
Hovedbanen	properNoun	swe	Hovedbanen	properNoun	nor
Hovedøya	properNoun	swe	Hovedøya	properNoun	nor
Hoven	properNoun	swe	Hoven	properNoun	nor
Hoverla	properNoun	swe	Hoverla	properNoun	nor
Hovgården	properNoun	swe	Hovgården	properNoun	nor
Hovid	properNoun	swe	Hovid	properNoun	nor
Hovmantorp	properNoun	swe	Hovmantorp	properNoun	nor
Hovsta	properNoun	swe	Hovsta	properNoun	nor
Howald	properNoun	swe	Howald	properNoun	nor
Howard Heights	properNoun	swe	Howard Heights	properNoun	nor
Howard Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Howard Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Howchin Lake	properNoun	swe	Howchin Lake	properNoun	nor
Howchin North Stream	properNoun	swe	Howchin North Stream	properNoun	nor
Howchin South Stream	properNoun	swe	Howchin South Stream	properNoun	nor
Hoy	properNoun	swe	Hoy	properNoun	nor
Hoya	properNoun	swe	Hoya	properNoun	nor
Hoyerswerda	properNoun	swe	Hoyerswerda	properNoun	nor
Hoyt Head	properNoun	swe	Hoyt Head	properNoun	nor
Hořice	properNoun	swe	Hořice	properNoun	nor
Hrabar Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Hrabar Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Hradec Králové	properNoun	swe	Hradec Králové	properNoun	nor
Hraunfossar	properNoun	swe	Hraunfossar	properNoun	nor
Hreðavatn	properNoun	swe	Hreðavatn	properNoun	nor
Hrodna	properNoun	swe	Grodno	properNoun	nor
Hrodna	properNoun	swe	Hrodna	properNoun	nor
Hron	properNoun	swe	Hron	properNoun	nor
Huai	properNoun	swe	Huai	properNoun	nor
Huaibei	properNoun	swe	Huaibei	properNoun	nor
Huaihua	properNoun	swe	Huaihua	properNoun	nor
Huainan	properNoun	swe	Huainan	properNoun	nor
Huallaga	properNoun	swe	Huallaga	properNoun	nor
Huancavelica	properNoun	swe	Huancavelica	properNoun	nor
Huanggang	properNoun	swe	Huanggang	properNoun	nor
Huanghe	properNoun	swe	Huang He	properNoun	nor
Huanghe	properNoun	swe	Huangelva	properNoun	nor
Huangshan	properNoun	swe	Huangshan	properNoun	nor
Huangshi	properNoun	swe	Huangshi	properNoun	nor
Huánuco	properNoun	swe	Huánuco	properNoun	nor
Huaröd	properNoun	swe	Huaröd	properNoun	nor
Huascaran	properNoun	swe	Huascarán	properNoun	nor
Huascaran	properNoun	swe	Nevado Huascarán	properNoun	nor
Huayna Picchu	properNoun	swe	Huayna Picchu	properNoun	nor
Hub Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Hub Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Hubei	properNoun	swe	Hubei	properNoun	nor
Huben	properNoun	swe	Huben	properNoun	nor
Huber	properNoun	swe	Huber	properNoun	nor
Hubersdorf	properNoun	swe	Hubersdorf	properNoun	nor
Huchting	properNoun	swe	Huchting	properNoun	nor
Huck	properNoun	swe	Huck	properNoun	nor
Huddinge	properNoun	swe	Huddinge	properNoun	nor
Hude	properNoun	swe	Hude	properNoun	nor
Hudiksvall	properNoun	swe	Hudiksvall	properNoun	nor
Hudiksvalls kommun	properNoun	swe	Hudiksvall kommune	properNoun	nor
Hudson Mountains	properNoun	swe	Hudson Mountains	properNoun	nor
Hudson Mountains	properNoun	swe	Hudsonfjellene	properNoun	nor
Hudson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Hudson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Hudson Theatre	properNoun	swe	Hudson Theatre	properNoun	nor
Hudsonsundet	properNoun	swe	Hudsonsundet	properNoun	nor
Huelva	properNoun	swe	Huelva	properNoun	nor
Huesca	properNoun	swe	Huesca	properNoun	nor
Huetstock	properNoun	swe	Huetstock	properNoun	nor
Hufe	properNoun	swe	Hufe	properNoun	nor
Hufen	properNoun	swe	Hufen	properNoun	nor
Huftarøy	properNoun	swe	Huftarøy	properNoun	nor
Hugh Town	properNoun	swe	Hugh Town	properNoun	nor
Huglo	properNoun	swe	Huglo	properNoun	nor
Huila	properNoun	swe	Huila	properNoun	nor
Huizhou	properNoun	swe	Huizhou	properNoun	nor
Hukuntsi	properNoun	swe	Hukuntsi	properNoun	nor
Hulcombe Ridge	properNoun	swe	Hulcombe Ridge	properNoun	nor
Huldreskorvene	properNoun	swe	Huldreskorvene	properNoun	nor
Huldreslottet	properNoun	swe	Huldreslottet	properNoun	nor
Hull Point	properNoun	swe	Hull Point	properNoun	nor
Hullo	properNoun	swe	Hullo	properNoun	nor
Hulot	properNoun	swe	Hulot	properNoun	nor
Hultafors	properNoun	swe	Hultafors	properNoun	nor
Hultsfreds kommun	properNoun	swe	Hultsfred kommune	properNoun	nor
Hulu	properNoun	swe	Hulu	properNoun	nor
Huludao	properNoun	swe	Huludao	properNoun	nor
Humann	properNoun	swe	Humann	properNoun	nor
Humme	properNoun	swe	Humme	properNoun	nor
Hummelsta	properNoun	swe	Hummelsta	properNoun	nor
Hummer Point	properNoun	swe	Hummer Point	properNoun	nor
Hump Passage	properNoun	swe	Hump Passage	properNoun	nor
Humphrey Lloyd	properNoun	swe	Humphrey Lloyd	properNoun	nor
Humphries Heights	properNoun	swe	Humphries Heights	properNoun	nor
Hunan	properNoun	swe	Hunan	properNoun	nor
Hundhausen	properNoun	swe	Hundhausen	properNoun	nor
Hundshorn	properNoun	swe	Hundshorn	properNoun	nor
Hundvåg	properNoun	swe	Hundvåg	properNoun	nor
Hundvåkøy kapell	properNoun	swe	Hundvåkøy kapell	properNoun	nor
Hundvåkøy kapell	properNoun	swe	Hundvåkøy kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Hundvåkøy	properNoun	swe	Hundvåkøy	properNoun	nor
Hundwil	properNoun	swe	Hundwil	properNoun	nor
Hunedoara	properNoun	swe	Hunedoara	properNoun	nor
Hungerberg	properNoun	swe	Hungerberg	properNoun	nor
Hungerford	properNoun	swe	Hungerford	properNoun	nor
Hunneberg	properNoun	swe	Hunneberg	properNoun	nor
Hunnebostrand	properNoun	swe	Hunnebostrand	properNoun	nor
Huns Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Huns Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Hunsel	properNoun	swe	Hunsel	properNoun	nor
Hunsrück	properNoun	swe	Hunsrück	properNoun	nor
Hunstanton	properNoun	swe	Hunstanton	properNoun	nor
Hunt Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Hunt Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Hunte	properNoun	swe	Hunte	properNoun	nor
Huntingdon	properNoun	swe	Huntingdon	properNoun	nor
Hunzenschwil	properNoun	swe	Hunzenschwil	properNoun	nor
Hurghada	properNoun	swe	Hurghada	properNoun	nor
Huronsjön	properNoun	swe	Huronsjøen	properNoun	nor
Hurricane Heights	properNoun	swe	Hurricane Heights	properNoun	nor
Hurrungane	properNoun	swe	Hurrungane	properNoun	nor
Hurrungane	properNoun	swe	Hurrungene	properNoun	nor
Hurst	properNoun	swe	Hurst	properNoun	nor
Hurumlandet	properNoun	swe	Hurumlandet	properNoun	nor
Hurva	properNoun	swe	Hurva	properNoun	nor
Husarö	properNoun	swe	Husarö	properNoun	nor
Husavik	properNoun	swe	Husavik	properNoun	nor
Husbondliden	properNoun	swe	Husbondliden	properNoun	nor
Husen	properNoun	swe	Husen	properNoun	nor
Huset Stuart	properNoun	swe	Huset Stuart	properNoun	nor
Huskvarna	properNoun	swe	Huskvarna	properNoun	nor
Huskvarnaån	properNoun	swe	Huskvarnaån	properNoun	nor
Husky Heights	properNoun	swe	Husky Heights	properNoun	nor
Husky Massif	properNoun	swe	Husky Massif	properNoun	nor
Husky Pass	properNoun	swe	Husky Pass	properNoun	nor
Hussey	properNoun	swe	Hussey	properNoun	nor
Hustadt	properNoun	swe	Hustadt	properNoun	nor
Husån	properNoun	swe	Husån	properNoun	nor
Hut Point Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Hut Point-halvøya	properNoun	nor
Hut Point Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Hut Point Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Hutchins Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Hutchins Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Hutton Mountains	properNoun	swe	Hutton Mountains	properNoun	nor
Huttwil	properNoun	swe	Huttwil	properNoun	nor
Huzhou	properNoun	swe	Huzhou	properNoun	nor
Hvalba	properNoun	swe	Hvalba	properNoun	nor
Hvalfjörður	properNoun	swe	Hvalfjörður	properNoun	nor
Hvalvatn	properNoun	swe	Hvalvatn	properNoun	nor
Hvam	properNoun	swe	Hvam	properNoun	nor
Hvannadalshnjúkur	properNoun	swe	Hvannadalshnjúkur	properNoun	nor
Hvannadalshnjúkur	properNoun	swe	Hvannadalshnúkur	properNoun	nor
Hvidkilde	properNoun	swe	Hvidkilde	properNoun	nor
Hvidovre kommun	properNoun	swe	Hvidovre kommune	properNoun	nor
Hvidsten	properNoun	swe	Hvidsten	properNoun	nor
Hvítá	properNoun	swe	Hvítá	properNoun	nor
Hvítárvatn	properNoun	swe	Hvítárvatn	properNoun	nor
Hyatt	properNoun	swe	Hyatt	properNoun	nor
Hybo	properNoun	swe	Hybo	properNoun	nor
Hyde Park	properNoun	swe	Hyde Park	properNoun	nor
Hyderabad	properNoun	swe	Hyderabad	properNoun	nor
Hydrodist	properNoun	swe	Hydrodist	properNoun	nor
Hyllinge	properNoun	swe	Hyllinge	properNoun	nor
Hylte kommun	properNoun	swe	Hylte kommune	properNoun	nor
Hyltebruk	properNoun	swe	Hyltebruk	properNoun	nor
Hynčice	properNoun	swe	Hynčice	properNoun	nor
Hyndevad	properNoun	swe	Hyndevad	properNoun	nor
Hyperion Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Hyperion Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Hyrum	properNoun	swe	Hyrum	properNoun	nor
Hyssna	properNoun	swe	Hyssna	properNoun	nor
Hyvinge	properNoun	swe	Hyvinge	properNoun	nor
Hyères	properNoun	swe	Hyères	properNoun	nor
Häfelfingen	properNoun	swe	Häfelfingen	properNoun	nor
Häger	properNoun	swe	Häger	properNoun	nor
Häggeby och Vreta	properNoun	swe	Häggeby och Vreta	properNoun	nor
Häggenås	properNoun	swe	Häggenås	properNoun	nor
Hägglingen	properNoun	swe	Hägglingen	properNoun	nor
Häggvik	properNoun	swe	Häggvik	properNoun	nor
Häljarp	properNoun	swe	Häljarp	properNoun	nor
Hällabrottet	properNoun	swe	Hällabrottet	properNoun	nor
Hällberga	properNoun	swe	Hällberga	properNoun	nor
Hällbybrunn	properNoun	swe	Hällbybrunn	properNoun	nor
Hällefors kommun	properNoun	swe	Hällefors kommune	properNoun	nor
Hällefors	properNoun	swe	Hällefors	properNoun	nor
Hälleforsnäs	properNoun	swe	Hälleforsnäs	properNoun	nor
Hällekis	properNoun	swe	Hällekis	properNoun	nor
Hällestad	properNoun	swe	Hällestad	properNoun	nor
Hällesåker	properNoun	swe	Hällesåker	properNoun	nor
Hällevadsholm	properNoun	swe	Hällevadsholm	properNoun	nor
Hälleviksstrand	properNoun	swe	Hälleviksstrand	properNoun	nor
Hällingsjö	properNoun	swe	Hällingsjö	properNoun	nor
Hällnäs	properNoun	swe	Hällnäs	properNoun	nor
Hällristningarna i Alta	properNoun	swe	Helleristingsområdet i Alta	properNoun	nor
Hällristningsområdet i Tanum	properNoun	swe	Helleristingsområdet i Tanum	properNoun	nor
Hälsingland	properNoun	swe	Hälsingland	properNoun	nor
Hälsö	properNoun	swe	Hälsö	properNoun	nor
Härad	properNoun	swe	Härad	properNoun	nor
Häradsbygden	properNoun	swe	Häradsbygden	properNoun	nor
Häradshammars kyrka	properNoun	swe	Häradshammars kyrka	properNoun	nor
Härjedalen	properNoun	swe	Herjedalen	properNoun	nor
Härjedalen	properNoun	swe	Härjedalen	properNoun	nor
Härjedalens kommun	properNoun	swe	Härjedalen kommune	properNoun	nor
Härjeåsjön	properNoun	swe	Härjeåsjön	properNoun	nor
Härkingen	properNoun	swe	Härkingen	properNoun	nor
Härnösand	properNoun	swe	Härnösand	properNoun	nor
Härnösands kommun	properNoun	swe	Härnösand kommune	properNoun	nor
Härryda kommun	properNoun	swe	Härryda kommune	properNoun	nor
Härryda	properNoun	swe	Härryda	properNoun	nor
Härslöv	properNoun	swe	Härslöv	properNoun	nor
Hässelmara	properNoun	swe	Hässelmara	properNoun	nor
Hässleholm	properNoun	swe	Hässleholm	properNoun	nor
Hässleholms kommun	properNoun	swe	Hässleholm kommune	properNoun	nor
Hästhagen	properNoun	swe	Hästhagen	properNoun	nor
Hästholmen	properNoun	swe	Hästholmen	properNoun	nor
Hästveda	properNoun	swe	Hästveda	properNoun	nor
Häutligen	properNoun	swe	Häutligen	properNoun	nor
Häver	properNoun	swe	Häver	properNoun	nor
Häverö	properNoun	swe	Häverö	properNoun	nor
Håbo kommun	properNoun	swe	Håbo kommune	properNoun	nor
Håga	properNoun	swe	Håga	properNoun	nor
Håhellerskarvet	properNoun	swe	Håhellerskarvet	properNoun	nor
Håknäs	properNoun	swe	Håknäs	properNoun	nor
Håkons Hall	properNoun	swe	Håkons Hall	properNoun	nor
Håkonshallen	properNoun	swe	Håkonshallen	properNoun	nor
Håksberg	properNoun	swe	Håksberg	properNoun	nor
Håkvik	properNoun	swe	Håkvik	properNoun	nor
Hålandsmarka	properNoun	swe	Hålandsmarka	properNoun	nor
Hålisrimen	properNoun	swe	Hålisrimen	properNoun	nor
Hålisstonga	properNoun	swe	Hålisstonga	properNoun	nor
Hålsjö	properNoun	swe	Hålsjö	properNoun	nor
Hånger	properNoun	swe	Hånger	properNoun	nor
Håverud	properNoun	swe	Håverud	properNoun	nor
Hélène	properNoun	swe	Hélène	properNoun	nor
Hódmezővásárhely	properNoun	swe	Hódmezővásárhely	properNoun	nor
Hóp	properNoun	swe	Hóp	properNoun	nor
Höch Gumme	properNoun	swe	Höch Gumme	properNoun	nor
Höchsten	properNoun	swe	Höchsten	properNoun	nor
Höchstetten	properNoun	swe	Höchstetten	properNoun	nor
Höchstädt an der Donau	properNoun	swe	Höchstädt an der Donau	properNoun	nor
Höfe	properNoun	swe	Höfe	properNoun	nor
Höfen	properNoun	swe	Höfen	properNoun	nor
Höga kusten	properNoun	swe	Höga kusten	properNoun	nor
Höga porten	properNoun	swe	Den høge porten	properNoun	nor
Höga porten	properNoun	swe	Høyporten	properNoun	nor
Högalid	properNoun	swe	Högalid	properNoun	nor
Höganäs kommun	properNoun	swe	Höganäs kommune	properNoun	nor
Höganäs	properNoun	swe	Höganäs	properNoun	nor
Högboda	properNoun	swe	Högboda	properNoun	nor
Högel	properNoun	swe	Högel	properNoun	nor
Högfors	properNoun	swe	Högfors	properNoun	nor
Högland	properNoun	swe	Högland	properNoun	nor
Högre lärarinneseminariet	properNoun	swe	Högre lärarinneseminariet	properNoun	nor
Högsby kommun	properNoun	swe	Högsby kommune	properNoun	nor
Högsby	properNoun	swe	Högsby	properNoun	nor
Högsjö	properNoun	swe	Högsjö	properNoun	nor
Högskolan Dalarna	properNoun	swe	Högskolan Dalarna	properNoun	nor
Högskolan i Bergen	properNoun	swe	Høgskolen i Bergen	properNoun	nor
Högskolan i Narvik	properNoun	swe	Høgskolen i Narvik	properNoun	nor
Högsäter	properNoun	swe	Högsäter	properNoun	nor
Högvadsån	properNoun	swe	Högvadsån	properNoun	nor
Höh	properNoun	swe	Höh	properNoun	nor
Höhberghorn	properNoun	swe	Höhberghorn	properNoun	nor
Höhe	properNoun	swe	Höhe	properNoun	nor
Höhscheid	properNoun	swe	Höhscheid	properNoun	nor
Höja	properNoun	swe	Höja	properNoun	nor
Höje å	properNoun	swe	Höje å	properNoun	nor
Hökerum	properNoun	swe	Hökerum	properNoun	nor
Hökåsen	properNoun	swe	Hökåsen	properNoun	nor
Hököpinge	properNoun	swe	Hököpinge	properNoun	nor
Höllviken	properNoun	swe	Höllviken	properNoun	nor
Hölstein	properNoun	swe	Hölstein	properNoun	nor
Hölö	properNoun	swe	Hölö	properNoun	nor
Hömel	properNoun	swe	Hömel	properNoun	nor
Hönö	properNoun	swe	Hönö	properNoun	nor
Hörby kommun	properNoun	swe	Hörby kommune	properNoun	nor
Hörby	properNoun	swe	Hörby	properNoun	nor
Hörde	properNoun	swe	Hörde	properNoun	nor
Hörmannsberg	properNoun	swe	Hörmannsberg	properNoun	nor
Hörnefors	properNoun	swe	Hörnefors	properNoun	nor
Hörnle	properNoun	swe	Hörnle	properNoun	nor
Hörnån	properNoun	swe	Hörnån	properNoun	nor
Hörstel	properNoun	swe	Hörstel	properNoun	nor
Hörup	properNoun	swe	Hörup	properNoun	nor
Hösel	properNoun	swe	Hösel	properNoun	nor
Hövel	properNoun	swe	Hövel	properNoun	nor
Hövelhof	properNoun	swe	Hövelhof	properNoun	nor
Höven	properNoun	swe	Höven	properNoun	nor
Höviksnäs	properNoun	swe	Höviksnäs	properNoun	nor
Höxter	properNoun	swe	Höxter	properNoun	nor
Höörs kommun	properNoun	swe	Höör kommune	properNoun	nor
Høgsenga	properNoun	swe	Høgsenga	properNoun	nor
Høgskavlen	properNoun	swe	Høgskavlen	properNoun	nor
Høgskavlnasen	properNoun	swe	Høgskavlnasen	properNoun	nor
Høgskavlpiggen	properNoun	swe	Høgskavlpiggen	properNoun	nor
Høgskolen i Lillehammer	properNoun	swe	Høgskolen i Lillehammer	properNoun	nor
Høgskolen i Oslo	properNoun	swe	Høgskolen i Oslo	properNoun	nor
Høgste Breakulen	properNoun	swe	Høgste Breakulen	properNoun	nor
Hølonda	properNoun	swe	Hølonda	properNoun	nor
Hørsholms kommun	properNoun	swe	Hørsholm kommune	properNoun	nor
Høsterkøb	properNoun	swe	Høsterkøb	properNoun	nor
Høvågs kyrka	properNoun	swe	Høvåg kirke	properNoun	nor
Høvågs kyrka	properNoun	swe	Høvåg kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Høyesterett	properNoun	swe	Høgsterett	properNoun	nor
Húnaflói	properNoun	swe	Húnaflói	properNoun	nor
Hübschhorn	properNoun	swe	Hübschhorn	properNoun	nor
Hückelhoven	properNoun	swe	Hückelhoven	properNoun	nor
Hückeswagen	properNoun	swe	Hückeswagen	properNoun	nor
Hüllhorst	properNoun	swe	Hüllhorst	properNoun	nor
Hüls	properNoun	swe	Hüls	properNoun	nor
Hülsen	properNoun	swe	Hülsen	properNoun	nor
Hümmling	properNoun	swe	Hümmling	properNoun	nor
Hünxe	properNoun	swe	Hünxe	properNoun	nor
Hürtgenwald	properNoun	swe	Hürtgenwald	properNoun	nor
Hürth	properNoun	swe	Hürth	properNoun	nor
Hütschenhausen	properNoun	swe	Hütschenhausen	properNoun	nor
Hütte	properNoun	swe	Hütte	properNoun	nor
Hüttenberg	properNoun	swe	Hüttenberg	properNoun	nor
Hüttensee	properNoun	swe	Hüttensee	properNoun	nor
Hüttlingen	properNoun	swe	Hüttlingen	properNoun	nor
Hüttruper Heide	properNoun	swe	Hüttruper Heide	properNoun	nor
I Rodond	properNoun	swe	I Rodond	properNoun	nor
IJsselmeer	properNoun	swe	IJsselmeer	properNoun	nor
Ialomiţa	properNoun	swe	Ialomiţa	properNoun	nor
Ialomiţa	properNoun	swe	Ialomița	properNoun	nor
Iapetus Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Iapetus Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Iara	properNoun	swe	Iara	properNoun	nor
Iaşi	properNoun	swe	Iaşi	properNoun	nor
Iaşi	properNoun	swe	Iași	properNoun	nor
Ibach	properNoun	swe	Ibach	properNoun	nor
Ibaraki prefektur	properNoun	swe	Ibaraki prefektur	properNoun	nor
Ibaraki prefektur	properNoun	swe	Ibaraki	properNoun	nor
Ibaraki	properNoun	swe	Ibaraki	properNoun	nor
Ibbenbüren	properNoun	swe	Ibbenbüren	properNoun	nor
Ica	properNoun	swe	Ica	properNoun	nor
Icenhower Ridge	properNoun	swe	Icenhower Ridge	properNoun	nor
Ickes Mountains	properNoun	swe	Ickes Mountains	properNoun	nor
Icogne	properNoun	swe	Icogne	properNoun	nor
Idaho Falls	properNoun	swe	Idaho Falls	properNoun	nor
Idala	properNoun	swe	Idala	properNoun	nor
Idefjorden	properNoun	swe	Iddefjorden	properNoun	nor
Iden	properNoun	swe	Iden	properNoun	nor
Idkerberget	properNoun	swe	Idkerberget	properNoun	nor
Idlib	properNoun	swe	Idlib	properNoun	nor
Idre	properNoun	swe	Idre	properNoun	nor
Idsjön	properNoun	swe	Idsjön	properNoun	nor
Idstedt	properNoun	swe	Idstedt	properNoun	nor
Ierapetra	properNoun	swe	Ierápetra	properNoun	nor
Ierissos	properNoun	swe	Ierissos	properNoun	nor
Iešjávri	properNoun	swe	Iešjávri	properNoun	nor
Iffwil	properNoun	swe	Iffwil	properNoun	nor
Igelfors	properNoun	swe	Igelfors	properNoun	nor
Igelstorp	properNoun	swe	Igelstorp	properNoun	nor
Iggesund	properNoun	swe	Iggesund	properNoun	nor
Iglesias	properNoun	swe	Iglesias	properNoun	nor
Igloo Hill	properNoun	swe	Igloo Hill	properNoun	nor
Igman	properNoun	swe	Igman	properNoun	nor
Igoumenitsa	properNoun	swe	Igoumenítsa	properNoun	nor
Ihle	properNoun	swe	Ihle	properNoun	nor
Ihlow	properNoun	swe	Ihlow	properNoun	nor
Iidabashi	properNoun	swe	Iidabashi	properNoun	nor
Iittala	properNoun	swe	Iittala	properNoun	nor
Iiyama	properNoun	swe	Iiyama	properNoun	nor
Ikaria	properNoun	swe	Ikaria	properNoun	nor
Ikaria	properNoun	swe	Ikaría	properNoun	nor
Ikesjaure	properNoun	swe	Ikesjaure	properNoun	nor
Ikesjaure	properNoun	swe	Ikkesjávrre	properNoun	nor
Il Chapütschin	properNoun	swe	Il Chapütschin	properNoun	nor
Ilanz	properNoun	swe	Ilanz	properNoun	nor
Ilarion Ridge	properNoun	swe	Ilarion Ridge	properNoun	nor
Ilfov	properNoun	swe	Ilfov	properNoun	nor
Ilfracombe	properNoun	swe	Ilfracombe	properNoun	nor
Ilioupoli	properNoun	swe	Ilioúpoli	properNoun	nor
Ilkeston	properNoun	swe	Ilkeston	properNoun	nor
Ilkley	properNoun	swe	Ilkley	properNoun	nor
Ill	properNoun	swe	Ill	properNoun	nor
Illertissen	properNoun	swe	Illertissen	properNoun	nor
Illhorn	properNoun	swe	Illhorn	properNoun	nor
Illingen	properNoun	swe	Illingen	properNoun	nor
Illitjivsk	properNoun	swe	Illitsjivsk	properNoun	nor
Illusion Hills	properNoun	swe	Illusion Hills	properNoun	nor
Ilmen	properNoun	swe	Ilmen	properNoun	nor
Ilmenau	properNoun	swe	Ilmenau	properNoun	nor
Ilminster	properNoun	swe	Ilminster	properNoun	nor
Ilsbo	properNoun	swe	Ilsbo	properNoun	nor
Ilsenburg	properNoun	swe	Ilsenburg	properNoun	nor
Ilsfeld	properNoun	swe	Ilsfeld	properNoun	nor
Ilshofen	properNoun	swe	Ilshofen	properNoun	nor
Ilulissat	properNoun	swe	Ilulissat	properNoun	nor
Ilulissatfjorden	properNoun	swe	Ilulissatfjorden	properNoun	nor
Ilz	properNoun	swe	Ilz	properNoun	nor
Im Tal	properNoun	swe	Im Tal	properNoun	nor
Imathia	properNoun	swe	Imathia	properNoun	nor
Imathia	properNoun	swe	Imathía	properNoun	nor
Imboden	properNoun	swe	Imboden	properNoun	nor
Imeon Range	properNoun	swe	Imeon Range	properNoun	nor
Imhausen	properNoun	swe	Imhausen	properNoun	nor
Immeln	properNoun	swe	Immeln	properNoun	nor
Immen	properNoun	swe	Immen	properNoun	nor
Immingham	properNoun	swe	Immingham	properNoun	nor
Imola	properNoun	swe	Imola	properNoun	nor
Imperia	properNoun	swe	Imperia	properNoun	nor
Imperial Theater	properNoun	swe	Imperial Theatre	properNoun	nor
Imphal	properNoun	swe	Imphal	properNoun	nor
Imrali	properNoun	swe	İmralı	properNoun	nor
Imshaug Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Imshaug Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Imst	properNoun	swe	Imst	properNoun	nor
Imtech Arena	properNoun	swe	Imtech Arena	properNoun	nor
Inchon	properNoun	swe	Incheon	properNoun	nor
Inclusion Hill	properNoun	swe	Inclusion Hill	properNoun	nor
Indal	properNoun	swe	Indal	properNoun	nor
Indalsälven	properNoun	swe	Indalsälven	properNoun	nor
Inde	properNoun	swe	Inde	properNoun	nor
Inden	properNoun	swe	Inden	properNoun	nor
Independence Hills	properNoun	swe	Independence Hills	properNoun	nor
Inderbitzen	properNoun	swe	Inderbitzen	properNoun	nor
Index Point	properNoun	swe	Index Point	properNoun	nor
Indiens parlament	properNoun	swe	Det indiske parlamentet	properNoun	nor
Indiens parlament	properNoun	swe	Indias parlament	properNoun	nor
Indiska oceanen	properNoun	swe	Det indiske havet	properNoun	nor
Indiska oceanen	properNoun	swe	Indiahavet	properNoun	nor
Indiska subkontinenten	properNoun	swe	Det indiske subkontinent	properNoun	nor
Indiska subkontinenten	properNoun	swe	Det indiske subkontinentet	properNoun	nor
Indre Arna	properNoun	swe	Indre Arna	properNoun	nor
Indre Wijdefjorden nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Indre Wijdefjorden nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Indus	properNoun	swe	Indus	properNoun	nor
Inferno Ridge	properNoun	swe	Inferno Ridge	properNoun	nor
Ingared	properNoun	swe	Ingared	properNoun	nor
Ingarö	properNoun	swe	Ingarö	properNoun	nor
Ingaröstrand	properNoun	swe	Ingaröstrand	properNoun	nor
Ingatorp	properNoun	swe	Ingatorp	properNoun	nor
Ingelfingen	properNoun	swe	Ingelfingen	properNoun	nor
Ingelheim am Rhein	properNoun	swe	Ingelheim am Rhein	properNoun	nor
Ingelstad	properNoun	swe	Ingelstad	properNoun	nor
Ingelsträde	properNoun	swe	Ingelsträde	properNoun	nor
Ingermanland	properNoun	swe	Ingermanland	properNoun	nor
Ingersheim	properNoun	swe	Ingersheim	properNoun	nor
Ingmarsö	properNoun	swe	Ingmarsö	properNoun	nor
Ingolstadt	properNoun	swe	Ingolstadt	properNoun	nor
Inguri	properNoun	swe	Inguri	properNoun	nor
Ingå	properNoun	swe	Ingå	properNoun	nor
Inhambane	properNoun	swe	Inhambane	properNoun	nor
Inhulets	properNoun	swe	Inhulets	properNoun	nor
Inishark	properNoun	swe	Inishark	properNoun	nor
Inishbofin	properNoun	swe	Inishbofin	properNoun	nor
Iniö	properNoun	swe	Iniö	properNoun	nor
Inkarikets vägnät	properNoun	swe	Inkavegane	properNoun	nor
Inkhil	properNoun	swe	Inkhil	properNoun	nor
Inkom	properNoun	swe	Inkom	properNoun	nor
Inkwil	properNoun	swe	Inkwil	properNoun	nor
Inkwilersee	properNoun	swe	Inkwilersee	properNoun	nor
Inland Forts	properNoun	swe	Inland Forts	properNoun	nor
Inman Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Inman Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Inna	properNoun	swe	Inna	properNoun	nor
Innbygda	properNoun	swe	Innbygda	properNoun	nor
Inner Crater	properNoun	swe	Inner Crater	properNoun	nor
Innerer Fisistock	properNoun	swe	Innerer Fisistock	properNoun	nor
Innerste	properNoun	swe	Innerste	properNoun	nor
Innertavle	properNoun	swe	Innertavle	properNoun	nor
Innertkirchen	properNoun	swe	Innertkirchen	properNoun	nor
Innsbruck Land	properNoun	swe	Innsbruck Land	properNoun	nor
Inott Point	properNoun	swe	Inott Point	properNoun	nor
Inre Hebriderna	properNoun	swe	Indre Hebridane	properNoun	nor
Inre Hebriderna	properNoun	swe	Indre Hebridene	properNoun	nor
Inre London	properNoun	swe	Indre London	properNoun	nor
Inre Mongoliet	properNoun	swe	Indre Mongolia	properNoun	nor
Insjön	properNoun	swe	Insjön	properNoun	nor
Instekleppane	properNoun	swe	Instekleppane	properNoun	nor
Institut polytechnique des sciences avancées	properNoun	swe	Institut polytechnique des sciences avancées	properNoun	nor
Instituto Federal da Bahia	properNoun	swe	Instituto Federal da Bahia	properNoun	nor
Institutt for Energiteknikk	properNoun	swe	Institutt for energiteknikk	properNoun	nor
Intention Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Intention Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Interlaken	properNoun	swe	Interlaken	properNoun	nor
International Air Transport Association	properNoun	swe	International Air Transport Association	properNoun	nor
International Falls	properNoun	swe	International Falls	properNoun	nor
International Swimming Hall of Fame	properNoun	swe	International Swimming Hall of Fame	properNoun	nor
Internationella Havsforskningsrådet	properNoun	swe	Det internasjonale havforskingsrådet	properNoun	nor
Internationella Havsforskningsrådet	properNoun	swe	Det internasjonale havforskningsrådet	properNoun	nor
Internationella Skidförbundet	properNoun	swe	Det internasjonale skiforbundet	properNoun	nor
Internationella atomenergiorganet	properNoun	swe	Det internasjonale atomenergibyrået	properNoun	nor
Internationella domstolen	properNoun	swe	Den internasjonale domstolen	properNoun	nor
Internationella energirådet	properNoun	swe	Det internasjonale energibyrået	properNoun	nor
Internationella valutafonden	properNoun	swe	Det internasjonale pengefondet	properNoun	nor
Invercargill	properNoun	swe	Invercargill	properNoun	nor
Inverclyde	properNoun	swe	Inverclyde	properNoun	nor
Inverkeithing	properNoun	swe	Inverkeithing	properNoun	nor
Inverleith	properNoun	swe	Inverleith	properNoun	nor
Inverloch	properNoun	swe	Inverloch	properNoun	nor
Inverness	properNoun	swe	Inverness	properNoun	nor
Inza	properNoun	swe	Inza	properNoun	nor
Ioannes Paulus II Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Ioannes Paulus II Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Ioánnina	properNoun	swe	Ioánnina	properNoun	nor
Iolkos	properNoun	swe	Iolkos	properNoun	nor
Iolkos	properNoun	swe	Iolkós	properNoun	nor
Iona	properNoun	swe	Iona	properNoun	nor
Ipf	properNoun	swe	Ipf	properNoun	nor
Ipoh	properNoun	swe	Ipoh	properNoun	nor
Ipsach	properNoun	swe	Ipsach	properNoun	nor
Ipswich	properNoun	swe	Ipswich	properNoun	nor
Iput	properNoun	swe	Iput	properNoun	nor
Iquitos	properNoun	swe	Iquitos	properNoun	nor
Irakiska Kurdistan	properNoun	swe	Kurdistan i Irak	properNoun	nor
Iran Air Flight 277	properNoun	swe	Iran Air Flight 277	properNoun	nor
Iratais Point	properNoun	swe	Iratais Point	properNoun	nor
Irbid	properNoun	swe	Irbid	properNoun	nor
Irbit	properNoun	swe	Irbit	properNoun	nor
Irchester	properNoun	swe	Irchester	properNoun	nor
Irkutsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Irkutsk oblast	properNoun	nor
Irkutsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Irkutsk	properNoun	nor
Irländska fristaten	properNoun	swe	Den irske fristaten	properNoun	nor
Irländska sjön	properNoun	swe	Irskesjøen	properNoun	nor
Irnik Point	properNoun	swe	Irnik Point	properNoun	nor
Iroquois Plateau	properNoun	swe	Iroquois Plateau	properNoun	nor
Irpa Irpa	properNoun	swe	Irpa Irpa	properNoun	nor
Irrsee	properNoun	swe	Irrsee	properNoun	nor
Irsta	properNoun	swe	Irsta	properNoun	nor
Irthlingborough	properNoun	swe	Irthlingborough	properNoun	nor
Irtysj	properNoun	swe	Irtysj	properNoun	nor
Irun	properNoun	swe	Irun	properNoun	nor
Isachsenfjella	properNoun	swe	Isachsenfjella	properNoun	nor
Isacke Passage	properNoun	swe	Isacke Passage	properNoun	nor
Isakskatedralen	properNoun	swe	Isak-katedralen	properNoun	nor
Isakskatedralen	properNoun	swe	Isakskatedralen	properNoun	nor
Isakson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Isakson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Isandlwana	properNoun	swe	Isandlwana	properNoun	nor
Isar	properNoun	swe	Isar	properNoun	nor
Isbladskärret	properNoun	swe	Isbladskärret	properNoun	nor
Isbrynet	properNoun	swe	Isbrynet	properNoun	nor
Isbul Point	properNoun	swe	Isbul Point	properNoun	nor
Isca Valley	properNoun	swe	Isca Valley	properNoun	nor
Ischia	properNoun	swe	Ischia	properNoun	nor
Iseltwald	properNoun	swe	Iseltwald	properNoun	nor
Isenburg	properNoun	swe	Isenburg	properNoun	nor
Iseosjön	properNoun	swe	Iseosjøen	properNoun	nor
Isernia	properNoun	swe	Isernia	properNoun	nor
Isfossnipa	properNoun	swe	Isfossnipa	properNoun	nor
Ishavskatedralen	properNoun	swe	Ishavskatedralen	properNoun	nor
Isherwood	properNoun	swe	Isherwood	properNoun	nor
Ishøj kommun	properNoun	swe	Ishøj kommune	properNoun	nor
Isingen	properNoun	swe	Isingen	properNoun	nor
Isjim	properNoun	swe	Isjim	properNoun	nor
Isjimbaj	properNoun	swe	Isjimbaj	properNoun	nor
Iskitim	properNoun	swe	Iskitim	properNoun	nor
Iskăr	properNoun	swe	Iskar	properNoun	nor
Isla de Lobos	properNoun	swe	Isla de Lobos	properNoun	nor
Islands Brygge	properNoun	swe	Islands Brygge	properNoun	nor
Islands Point	properNoun	swe	Islands Point	properNoun	nor
Islands geografi	properNoun	swe	Islands geografi	properNoun	nor
Islands geografi	properNoun	swe	Islandsk geografi	properNoun	nor
Islands universitet	properNoun	swe	Háskóli Íslands	properNoun	nor
Islas Chafarinas	properNoun	swe	Islas Chafarinas	properNoun	nor
Islay	properNoun	swe	Islay	properNoun	nor
Isle of Arran	properNoun	swe	Isle of Arran	properNoun	nor
Isle of Dogs	properNoun	swe	Isle of Dogs	properNoun	nor
Isle of Man	properNoun	swe	Isle of Man	properNoun	nor
Isle of Palms	properNoun	swe	Isle of Palms	properNoun	nor
Isle of Portland	properNoun	swe	Isle of Portland	properNoun	nor
Isle of Purbeck	properNoun	swe	Isle of Purbeck	properNoun	nor
Isle of Sheppey	properNoun	swe	Isle of Sheppey	properNoun	nor
Isle of Wight	properNoun	swe	Isle of Wight	properNoun	nor
Islisberg	properNoun	swe	Islisberg	properNoun	nor
Isny im Allgäu	properNoun	swe	Isny im Allgäu	properNoun	nor
Isocline Hill	properNoun	swe	Isocline Hill	properNoun	nor
Isolation Point	properNoun	swe	Isolation Point	properNoun	nor
Isonzo	properNoun	swe	Isonzo	properNoun	nor
Isparta	properNoun	swe	Isparta	properNoun	nor
Israel Museum	properNoun	swe	Israel Museum	properNoun	nor
Israels geografi	properNoun	swe	Israels geografi	properNoun	nor
Israels geografi	properNoun	swe	Israelsk geografi	properNoun	nor
Issaquah	properNoun	swe	Issaquah	properNoun	nor
Isselburg	properNoun	swe	Isselburg	properNoun	nor
Isselhorst	properNoun	swe	Isselhorst	properNoun	nor
Issoire	properNoun	swe	Issoire	properNoun	nor
Issoudun	properNoun	swe	Issoudun	properNoun	nor
Istra	properNoun	swe	Istra	properNoun	nor
Istres	properNoun	swe	Istres	properNoun	nor
Istrien	properNoun	swe	Istria	properNoun	nor
Istriens län	properNoun	swe	Fylket Istria	properNoun	nor
Isère	properNoun	swe	Isère	properNoun	nor
Isérables	properNoun	swe	Isérables	properNoun	nor
Isön	properNoun	swe	Isön	properNoun	nor
Italia Valley	properNoun	swe	Italia Valley	properNoun	nor
Itaubal	properNoun	swe	Itaubal	properNoun	nor
Ith	properNoun	swe	Ith	properNoun	nor
Ithaca Chasma	properNoun	swe	Ithaca Chasma	properNoun	nor
Ithaca	properNoun	swe	Ithaca	properNoun	nor
Ithaka	properNoun	swe	Ithaka	properNoun	nor
Ithaka	properNoun	swe	Itháki	properNoun	nor
Ithome	properNoun	swe	Ithómi	properNoun	nor
Itingen	properNoun	swe	Itingen	properNoun	nor
Ittenbach	properNoun	swe	Ittenbach	properNoun	nor
Itter	properNoun	swe	Itter	properNoun	nor
Ittigen	properNoun	swe	Ittigen	properNoun	nor
Ituna Valley	properNoun	swe	Ituna Valley	properNoun	nor
Ituzaingó	properNoun	swe	Ituzaingó	properNoun	nor
Ivan Alexander Point	properNoun	swe	Ivan Alexander Point	properNoun	nor
Ivan Asen Point	properNoun	swe	Ivan Asen Point	properNoun	nor
Ivan Vladislav Point	properNoun	swe	Ivan Vladislav Point	properNoun	nor
Ivangorod	properNoun	swe	Ivangorod	properNoun	nor
Ivanoff Head	properNoun	swe	Ivanoff Head	properNoun	nor
Ivanovka	properNoun	swe	Ivanovka	properNoun	nor
Ivanovo oblast	properNoun	swe	Ivanovo oblast	properNoun	nor
Ivanovo oblast	properNoun	swe	Ivanovo	properNoun	nor
Ivanovo	properNoun	swe	Ivanovo	properNoun	nor
Ivantejevka	properNoun	swe	Ivantejevka	properNoun	nor
Ivdel	properNoun	swe	Ivdel	properNoun	nor
Iveagh	properNoun	swe	Iveagh	properNoun	nor
Ives Tongue	properNoun	swe	Ives Tongue	properNoun	nor
Ivory Pinnacles	properNoun	swe	Ivory Pinnacles	properNoun	nor
Ivory Tower	properNoun	swe	Ivory Tower	properNoun	nor
Ivrea	properNoun	swe	Ivrea	properNoun	nor
Ivybridge	properNoun	swe	Ivybridge	properNoun	nor
Ivösjön	properNoun	swe	Ivösjön	properNoun	nor
Iwo Jima	properNoun	swe	Iwo Jima	properNoun	nor
Iž	properNoun	swe	Iž	properNoun	nor
Izberbasj	properNoun	swe	Izberbasj	properNoun	nor
Izjevsk	properNoun	swe	Izjevsk	properNoun	nor
Izjma	properNoun	swe	Izjma	properNoun	nor
Izmajil	properNoun	swe	Izmail	properNoun	nor
Izmajil	properNoun	swe	Izmajil	properNoun	nor
Izmir	properNoun	swe	İzmir	properNoun	nor
Izola	properNoun	swe	Izola	properNoun	nor
Iğdır	properNoun	swe	Iğdır	properNoun	nor
Jaala	properNoun	swe	Jaala	properNoun	nor
Jaberg	properNoun	swe	Jaberg	properNoun	nor
Jablah	properNoun	swe	Jableh	properNoun	nor
Jablonec nad Nisou	properNoun	swe	Jablonec nad Nisou	properNoun	nor
Jablonovbergen	properNoun	swe	Jablonovyjfjella	properNoun	nor
Jablonovbergen	properNoun	swe	Jablonovyjfjellene	properNoun	nor
Jablunkapasset	properNoun	swe	Jablunkovpasset	properNoun	nor
Jabs	properNoun	swe	Jabs	properNoun	nor
Jaca	properNoun	swe	Jaca	properNoun	nor
Jackling	properNoun	swe	Jackling	properNoun	nor
Jackpot	properNoun	swe	Jackpot	properNoun	nor
Jacksonville	properNoun	swe	Jacksonville	properNoun	nor
Jacmel	properNoun	swe	Jacmel	properNoun	nor
Jacobabad	properNoun	swe	Jacobabad	properNoun	nor
Jacobs Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Jacobs Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Jacobs Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Jacobs Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Jacobsdorf	properNoun	swe	Jacobsdorf	properNoun	nor
Jacobsen Head	properNoun	swe	Jacobsen Head	properNoun	nor
Jade	properNoun	swe	Jade	properNoun	nor
Jadebusen	properNoun	swe	Jadebusen	properNoun	nor
Jaderberg	properNoun	swe	Jaderberg	properNoun	nor
Jaeger Hills	properNoun	swe	Jaeger Hills	properNoun	nor
Jaffna	properNoun	swe	Jaffna	properNoun	nor
Jagel	properNoun	swe	Jagel	properNoun	nor
Jago Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Jago Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Jagst	properNoun	swe	Jagst	properNoun	nor
Jagtvej	properNoun	swe	Jagtvej	properNoun	nor
Jahorina	properNoun	swe	Jahorina	properNoun	nor
Jakobs älv	properNoun	swe	Jakobselva i Sør-Varanger	properNoun	nor
Jakoruda	properNoun	swe	Jakoruda	properNoun	nor
Jakupica	properNoun	swe	Jakupitsa	properNoun	nor
Jakutsk	properNoun	swe	Jakutsk	properNoun	nor
Jalovec	properNoun	swe	Jalovec	properNoun	nor
Jalón	properNoun	swe	Jalòn	properNoun	nor
Jambol	properNoun	swe	Jambol	properNoun	nor
James Nunatak	properNoun	swe	James Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Jamieson Ridge	properNoun	swe	Jamieson Ridge	properNoun	nor
Jammerbugts kommun	properNoun	swe	Jammerbugt kommune	properNoun	nor
Jammu och Kashmir	properNoun	swe	Jammu og Kashmir	properNoun	nor
Jampil	properNoun	swe	Jampil	properNoun	nor
Jamroga	properNoun	swe	Jamroga	properNoun	nor
Jan Mayen	properNoun	swe	Jan Mayen	properNoun	nor
Janafloden	properNoun	swe	Janaelva	properNoun	nor
Jane Col	properNoun	swe	Jane Col	properNoun	nor
Janke Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Janke Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Janosy Hill	properNoun	swe	Janosy Hill	properNoun	nor
Jantra	properNoun	swe	Jantra	properNoun	nor
January Col	properNoun	swe	January Col	properNoun	nor
Japans parlament	properNoun	swe	Den japanske nasjonalforsamlinga	properNoun	nor
Japans parlament	properNoun	swe	Japans riksdag	properNoun	nor
Japanhavet	properNoun	swe	Japanhavet	properNoun	nor
Japanska havet	properNoun	swe	Japanhavet	properNoun	nor
Jaques Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Jaques Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Jarama	properNoun	swe	Jarama	properNoun	nor
Jaremtsje	properNoun	swe	Jaremtsje	properNoun	nor
Jarina Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Jarina Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Jarnac	properNoun	swe	Jarnac	properNoun	nor
Jaroslavl oblast	properNoun	swe	Jaroslavl oblast	properNoun	nor
Jarrow	properNoun	swe	Jarrow	properNoun	nor
Jartsevo	properNoun	swe	Jartsevo	properNoun	nor
Jarābulus	properNoun	swe	Jarabulus	properNoun	nor
Jasenovac	properNoun	swe	Jasenovac	properNoun	nor
Jasmund	properNoun	swe	Jasmund	properNoun	nor
Jasnyj	properNoun	swe	Jasnyj	properNoun	nor
Jászberény	properNoun	swe	Jászberény	properNoun	nor
Jaun	properNoun	swe	Jaun	properNoun	nor
Jauza	properNoun	swe	Jauza	properNoun	nor
Javasjön	properNoun	swe	Javahavet	properNoun	nor
Javasjön	properNoun	swe	Javasjøen	properNoun	nor
Javne	properNoun	swe	Yavne	properNoun	nor
Javoriv	properNoun	swe	Javoriv	properNoun	nor
Jaworzno	properNoun	swe	Jaworzno	properNoun	nor
Jayrūd	properNoun	swe	Jayrud	properNoun	nor
Jazzihorn	properNoun	swe	Jazzihorn	properNoun	nor
Jbayl	properNoun	swe	Jbeil	properNoun	nor
Jeanne Hill	properNoun	swe	Jeanne Hill	properNoun	nor
Jeannetteön	properNoun	swe	Jeannetteøya	properNoun	nor
Jebsen Point	properNoun	swe	Jebsen Point	properNoun	nor
Jeddah	properNoun	swe	Jeddah	properNoun	nor
Jeddah	properNoun	swe	Jidda	properNoun	nor
Jefferson City	properNoun	swe	Jefferson City	properNoun	nor
Jeffery Head	properNoun	swe	Jeffery Head	properNoun	nor
Jegenstorf	properNoun	swe	Jegenstorf	properNoun	nor
Jegindø	properNoun	swe	Jegindø	properNoun	nor
Jegorjevsk	properNoun	swe	Jegorjevsk	properNoun	nor
Jejsk	properNoun	swe	Jejsk	properNoun	nor
Jekaterinburg	properNoun	swe	Jekaterinburg	properNoun	nor
Jelabuga	properNoun	swe	Jelabuga	properNoun	nor
Jelets	properNoun	swe	Jelets	properNoun	nor
Jelgava	properNoun	swe	Jelgava	properNoun	nor
Jelling Kirke	properNoun	swe	Jelling kirke	properNoun	nor
Jelling Kirke	properNoun	swe	Jelling kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Jellingemonumenten	properNoun	swe	Jellingmonumenta	properNoun	nor
Jellingemonumenten	properNoun	swe	Jellingmonumentene	properNoun	nor
Jellingestenarna	properNoun	swe	Jellingsteinane	properNoun	nor
Jellingestenarna	properNoun	swe	Jellingsteinene	properNoun	nor
Jelsnes	properNoun	swe	Jelsnes	properNoun	nor
Jeløya	properNoun	swe	Jeløy	properNoun	nor
Jeløya	properNoun	swe	Jeløya	properNoun	nor
Jemen	properNoun	swe	Jemen	properNoun	nor
Jemgum	properNoun	swe	Jemgum	properNoun	nor
Jena	properNoun	swe	Jena	properNoun	nor
Jenakijeve	properNoun	swe	Jenakijeve	properNoun	nor
Jenaz	properNoun	swe	Jenaz	properNoun	nor
Jenin	properNoun	swe	Jenin	properNoun	nor
Jenins	properNoun	swe	Jenins	properNoun	nor
Jenisej	properNoun	swe	Jenisej	properNoun	nor
Jenisejsk	properNoun	swe	Jenisejsk	properNoun	nor
Jenkins Heights	properNoun	swe	Jenkins Heights	properNoun	nor
Jennings Promontory	properNoun	swe	Jennings Promontory	properNoun	nor
Jennings Reef	properNoun	swe	Jennings Reef	properNoun	nor
Jensen Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Jensen Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Jerash	properNoun	swe	Jerash	properNoun	nor
Jerevan	properNoun	swe	Jerevan	properNoun	nor
Jerez de la Frontera	properNoun	swe	Jerez de la Frontera	properNoun	nor
Jerichow	properNoun	swe	Jerichow	properNoun	nor
Jeriko	properNoun	swe	Jeriko	properNoun	nor
Jernbanetorget	properNoun	swe	Jernbanetorget	properNoun	nor
Jersey City	properNoun	swe	Jersey City	properNoun	nor
Jerusalems tempel	properNoun	swe	Tempelet i Jerusalem	properNoun	nor
Jerxheim	properNoun	swe	Jerxheim	properNoun	nor
Jesenice	properNoun	swe	Jesenice	properNoun	nor
Jesi	properNoun	swe	Jesi	properNoun	nor
Jesolo	properNoun	swe	Jesolo	properNoun	nor
Jessentuki	properNoun	swe	Jessentuki	properNoun	nor
Jester Rock	properNoun	swe	Jester Rock	properNoun	nor
Jethou	properNoun	swe	Jethou	properNoun	nor
Jettenbach	properNoun	swe	Jettenbach	properNoun	nor
Jetty Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Jetty Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Jeuss	properNoun	swe	Jeuss	properNoun	nor
Jevpatorija	properNoun	swe	Eupatoria	properNoun	nor
Jevpatorija	properNoun	swe	Jevpatorija	properNoun	nor
Jezzîne	properNoun	swe	Jezzine	properNoun	nor
Jharkhand	properNoun	swe	Jharkhand	properNoun	nor
Jiamusi	properNoun	swe	Jiamusi	properNoun	nor
Jiangmen	properNoun	swe	Jiangmen	properNoun	nor
Jiangsu	properNoun	swe	Jiangsu	properNoun	nor
Jiangxi	properNoun	swe	Jiangxi	properNoun	nor
Jiaozuo	properNoun	swe	Jiaozuo	properNoun	nor
Jiaxing	properNoun	swe	Jiaxing	properNoun	nor
Jiayuguan	properNoun	swe	Jiayuguan	properNoun	nor
Jiehkkevárri	properNoun	swe	Jiehkkevárri	properNoun	nor
Jieyang	properNoun	swe	Jieyang	properNoun	nor
Jigsaw Rock Gut	properNoun	swe	Jigsaw Rock Gut	properNoun	nor
Jihlava	properNoun	swe	Jihlava	properNoun	nor
Jilin	properNoun	swe	Jilin	properNoun	nor
Jinchang	properNoun	swe	Jinchang	properNoun	nor
Jincheng	properNoun	swe	Jincheng	properNoun	nor
Jingdezhen	properNoun	swe	Jingdezhen	properNoun	nor
Jingmen	properNoun	swe	Jingmen	properNoun	nor
Jingyan	properNoun	swe	Jingyan	properNoun	nor
Jingzhou	properNoun	swe	Jingzhou	properNoun	nor
Jinhua	properNoun	swe	Jinhua	properNoun	nor
Jining	properNoun	swe	Jining	properNoun	nor
Jinxi	properNoun	swe	Jinxi	properNoun	nor
Jinzhong	properNoun	swe	Jinzhong	properNoun	nor
Jiujiang	properNoun	swe	Jiujiang	properNoun	nor
Jiuquan	properNoun	swe	Jiuquan	properNoun	nor
Jiuzhaigou	properNoun	swe	Jiuzhaigou	properNoun	nor
Jivina	properNoun	swe	Jivina	properNoun	nor
Jixi	properNoun	swe	Jixi	properNoun	nor
Jiyuan	properNoun	swe	Jiyuan	properNoun	nor
Jizera	properNoun	swe	Jizera	properNoun	nor
Jizerbergen	properNoun	swe	Jizerafjella	properNoun	nor
Jochstock	properNoun	swe	Jochstock	properNoun	nor
Joesjö	properNoun	swe	Joesjö	properNoun	nor
Johannedal	properNoun	swe	Johannedal	properNoun	nor
Johanneskirken	properNoun	swe	Johanneskirken	properNoun	nor
Johanneskirken	properNoun	swe	Johanneskyrkja	properNoun	nor
Johannessen Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Johannessen Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Johannishus	properNoun	swe	Johannishus	properNoun	nor
Johansfors	properNoun	swe	Johansfors	properNoun	nor
John Golden Theatre	properNoun	swe	John Golden Theatre	properNoun	nor
John Nunatak	properNoun	swe	John Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Johnsbåen	properNoun	swe	Johnsbåen	properNoun	nor
Johnson Col	properNoun	swe	Johnson Col	properNoun	nor
Johnson Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Johnson Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Johnson Spire	properNoun	swe	Johnson Spire	properNoun	nor
Johnston Heights	properNoun	swe	Johnston Heights	properNoun	nor
Jonava	properNoun	swe	Jonava	properNoun	nor
Jondalstunneln	properNoun	swe	Jondalstunnelen	properNoun	nor
Jonen	properNoun	swe	Jonen	properNoun	nor
Jones Mountains	properNoun	swe	Jones Mountains	properNoun	nor
Jones Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Jones Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Jones Terrace	properNoun	swe	Jones Terrace	properNoun	nor
Jonesboro	properNoun	swe	Jonesboro	properNoun	nor
Joniska havet	properNoun	swe	Det joniske hav	properNoun	nor
Joniska havet	properNoun	swe	Det joniske havet	properNoun	nor
Joniska öarna	properNoun	swe	Dei joniske øyane	properNoun	nor
Joniska öarna	properNoun	swe	Joniske øyer	properNoun	nor
Jonsered	properNoun	swe	Jonsered	properNoun	nor
Jonslund	properNoun	swe	Jonslund	properNoun	nor
Jonstorp	properNoun	swe	Jonstorp	properNoun	nor
Jonzac	properNoun	swe	Jonzac	properNoun	nor
Jordan Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Jordan Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Jordbro	properNoun	swe	Jordbro	properNoun	nor
Jordbävningen i Aleppo	properNoun	swe	Jordskjelvet i Aleppo	properNoun	nor
Jordbävningen i Gediz	properNoun	swe	Jordskjelvet i Gediz	properNoun	nor
Jordbävningen i Haiti	properNoun	swe	Jordskjelvet i Haiti	properNoun	nor
Jordbävningen i Indiska oceanen	properNoun	swe	Jordskjelvet i Indiahavet	properNoun	nor
Jordbävningen i Kobe	properNoun	swe	Jordskjelvet i Kobe	properNoun	nor
Jordbävningen i Peru	properNoun	swe	Jordskjelvet i Peru	properNoun	nor
Jordbävningen i Shaanxi	properNoun	swe	Jordskjelvet i Shaanxi	properNoun	nor
Jordbävningen i Sichuan	properNoun	swe	Jordskjelvet i Wenchuan	properNoun	nor
Jordbävningen i Skopje	properNoun	swe	Jordskjelvet i Skopje	properNoun	nor
Jordbävningen i Tangshan	properNoun	swe	Jordskjelvet i Tangshan	properNoun	nor
Jordbävningen i Valdivia	properNoun	swe	Valdiviajordskjelvet	properNoun	nor
Jordbävningen i İzmit	properNoun	swe	Jordskjelvet i Izmit	properNoun	nor
Jorgensen Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Jorgensen Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Jork	properNoun	swe	Jork	properNoun	nor
Jortveit	properNoun	swe	Jortveit	properNoun	nor
Jos	properNoun	swe	Jos	properNoun	nor
Jostedalsbreen nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Jostedalsbreen nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Jotunheim Valley	properNoun	swe	Jotunheim Valley	properNoun	nor
Jotunheimens nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Jotunheimen nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Joubert Rock	properNoun	swe	Joubert Rock	properNoun	nor
Jougla	properNoun	swe	Jougla	properNoun	nor
Joungane	properNoun	swe	Joungane	properNoun	nor
Juárez	properNoun	swe	Juárez	properNoun	nor
Juba	properNoun	swe	Juba	properNoun	nor
Judarn	properNoun	swe	Judarn	properNoun	nor
Judeen	properNoun	swe	Judea	properNoun	nor
Judenbach	properNoun	swe	Judenbach	properNoun	nor
Judenburg	properNoun	swe	Judenburg	properNoun	nor
Judiska autonoma länet	properNoun	swe	Den jødiske autonome oblast	properNoun	nor
Judiska autonoma länet	properNoun	swe	Den jødiske autonome oblasten	properNoun	nor
Jugoslavien	properNoun	swe	Jugoslavia	properNoun	nor
Juist	properNoun	swe	Juist	properNoun	nor
Jules Verne	properNoun	swe	Jules Verne	properNoun	nor
Jules	properNoun	swe	Jules	properNoun	nor
Juliska alperna	properNoun	swe	De juliske Alpene	properNoun	nor
Juliska alperna	properNoun	swe	Dei juliske Alpane	properNoun	nor
Juliénas	properNoun	swe	Juliénas	properNoun	nor
Julön	properNoun	swe	Christmasøya	properNoun	nor
June Nunatak	properNoun	swe	June Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Juneau	properNoun	swe	Juneau	properNoun	nor
Jung	properNoun	swe	Jung	properNoun	nor
Jungfrau	properNoun	swe	Jungfrau	properNoun	nor
Jungfraujoch	properNoun	swe	Jungfraujoch	properNoun	nor
Jungfrutornet i Baku	properNoun	swe	Jomfrutårnet i Baku	properNoun	nor
Jungfruöarna	properNoun	swe	Jomfruøyane	properNoun	nor
Jungfruöarna	properNoun	swe	Jomfruøyene	properNoun	nor
Jungingen	properNoun	swe	Jungingen	properNoun	nor
Jungk Hill	properNoun	swe	Jungk Hill	properNoun	nor
Jungshoved	properNoun	swe	Jungshoved	properNoun	nor
Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2013	properNoun	swe	Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2013	properNoun	nor
Juniskär	properNoun	swe	Juniskär	properNoun	nor
Junkerdal nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Junkerdal nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Juno Beach	properNoun	swe	Juno Beach	properNoun	nor
Junosuando	properNoun	swe	Junosuando	properNoun	nor
Junsele	properNoun	swe	Junsele	properNoun	nor
Junín	properNoun	swe	Junín	properNoun	nor
Juoksengi	properNoun	swe	Juoksengi	properNoun	nor
Juozapine	properNoun	swe	Juozapinė	properNoun	nor
Jupukka	properNoun	swe	Jupukka	properNoun	nor
Jurabergen	properNoun	swe	Jurafjella	properNoun	nor
Jurabergen	properNoun	swe	Jurafjellene	properNoun	nor
Jurassic Coast	properNoun	swe	Jurassic Coast	properNoun	nor
Jurassic Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Jurassic Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Jurga	properNoun	swe	Jurga	properNoun	nor
Juriens	properNoun	swe	Juriens	properNoun	nor
Jurjuzan	properNoun	swe	Jurjuzan	properNoun	nor
Jursla	properNoun	swe	Jursla	properNoun	nor
Jussy	properNoun	swe	Jussy	properNoun	nor
Justman	properNoun	swe	Justman	properNoun	nor
Jutulrøra	properNoun	swe	Jutulrøra	properNoun	nor
Juvuln	properNoun	swe	Juvuln	properNoun	nor
Juzjne	properNoun	swe	Juzjne	properNoun	nor
Jyväskylä	properNoun	swe	Jyväskylä	properNoun	nor
Jäderfors	properNoun	swe	Jäderfors	properNoun	nor
Jädraås	properNoun	swe	Jädraås	properNoun	nor
Jämsä	properNoun	swe	Jämsä	properNoun	nor
Jämtland	properNoun	swe	Jämtland	properNoun	nor
Jämtlands län	properNoun	swe	Jämtlands län	properNoun	nor
Jämtön	properNoun	swe	Jämtön	properNoun	nor
Jänkisjärvi	properNoun	swe	Jänkisjärvi	properNoun	nor
Järbo	properNoun	swe	Järbo	properNoun	nor
Järfälla kommun	properNoun	swe	Järfälla kommune	properNoun	nor
Järlasjön	properNoun	swe	Järlasjön	properNoun	nor
Järlåsa	properNoun	swe	Järlåsa	properNoun	nor
Järna	properNoun	swe	Järna	properNoun	nor
Järnforsen	properNoun	swe	Järnforsen	properNoun	nor
Järnporten	properNoun	swe	Jernporten	properNoun	nor
Järpen	properNoun	swe	Järpen	properNoun	nor
Järpliden	properNoun	swe	Järpliden	properNoun	nor
Järpås	properNoun	swe	Järpås	properNoun	nor
Järva län	properNoun	swe	Järva maakond	properNoun	nor
Järva län	properNoun	swe	Järva	properNoun	nor
Järvsö	properNoun	swe	Järvsö	properNoun	nor
Jättebuddhan i Leshan	properNoun	swe	Kjempebuddhaen i Leshan	properNoun	nor
Jättendal	properNoun	swe	Jättendal	properNoun	nor
Jävre	properNoun	swe	Jävre	properNoun	nor
Jävreån	properNoun	swe	Jävreån	properNoun	nor
Jävsjön	properNoun	swe	Gjevsjøen	properNoun	nor
Jólnir	properNoun	swe	Jólnir	properNoun	nor
Jõgeva län	properNoun	swe	Jõgeva maakond	properNoun	nor
Jõgeva län	properNoun	swe	Jõgeva	properNoun	nor
Jõgeva	properNoun	swe	Jõgeva	properNoun	nor
Jõhvi	properNoun	swe	Jõhvi	properNoun	nor
Jöhstadt	properNoun	swe	Jöhstadt	properNoun	nor
Jökulsá á Fjöllum	properNoun	swe	Jökulsá á Fjöllum	properNoun	nor
Jökulsárlón	properNoun	swe	Jökulsárlón	properNoun	nor
Jönköping	properNoun	swe	Jönköping	properNoun	nor
Jönköpings kommun	properNoun	swe	Jönköping kommune	properNoun	nor
Jönköpings län	properNoun	swe	Jönköpings län	properNoun	nor
Jönåker	properNoun	swe	Jönåker	properNoun	nor
Jörlanda	properNoun	swe	Jörlanda	properNoun	nor
Jössefors	properNoun	swe	Jössefors	properNoun	nor
Jøa	properNoun	swe	Jøa	properNoun	nor
Jøkulfallet	properNoun	swe	Jøkulfallet	properNoun	nor
Jøkulhest	properNoun	swe	Jøkulhest	properNoun	nor
Jølstravatnet	properNoun	swe	Jølstravatnet	properNoun	nor
Jøssingfjord	properNoun	swe	Jøssingfjorden	properNoun	nor
Júcar	properNoun	swe	Júcar	properNoun	nor
Jüchen	properNoun	swe	Jüchen	properNoun	nor
Jülich	properNoun	swe	Jülich	properNoun	nor
Jāsim	properNoun	swe	Jasim	properNoun	nor
Jūrmala	properNoun	swe	Jūrmala	properNoun	nor
K12	properNoun	swe	K12	properNoun	nor
K2	properNoun	swe	K2	properNoun	nor
KVINFO	properNoun	swe	KVINFO	properNoun	nor
Kaarst	properNoun	swe	Kaarst	properNoun	nor
Kaba	properNoun	swe	Kaba	properNoun	nor
Kabwe	properNoun	swe	Kabwe	properNoun	nor
Kabylien	properNoun	swe	Kabylia	properNoun	nor
Kachovka	properNoun	swe	Kakhovka	properNoun	nor
Kaczawa	properNoun	swe	Kaczawa	properNoun	nor
Kadnikov	properNoun	swe	Kadnikov	properNoun	nor
Kaduna	properNoun	swe	Kaduna	properNoun	nor
Kaesong	properNoun	swe	Kaesong	properNoun	nor
Kaffeklubben	properNoun	swe	Kaffeklubben	properNoun	nor
Kaffeklubben	properNoun	swe	Kaffeklubbøya	properNoun	nor
Kafr Batna	properNoun	swe	Kafr Batna	properNoun	nor
Kafr Nubl	properNoun	swe	Kafr Nabl	properNoun	nor
Kafr Takhārīm	properNoun	swe	Kafr Takharim	properNoun	nor
Kafr Zaytā	properNoun	swe	Kafr Zita	properNoun	nor
Kagghamraåns sjösystem	properNoun	swe	Kagghamraån-vassdraget	properNoun	nor
Kagoshima	properNoun	swe	Kagoshima	properNoun	nor
Kahla	properNoun	swe	Kahla	properNoun	nor
Kahlenberg	properNoun	swe	Kahlenberg	properNoun	nor
Kahramanmaraş	properNoun	swe	Kahramanmaraş	properNoun	nor
Kahta	properNoun	swe	Kahta	properNoun	nor
Kaikohe	properNoun	swe	Kaikohe	properNoun	nor
Kaikoura	properNoun	swe	Kaikoura	properNoun	nor
Kainji	properNoun	swe	Kainji-demningen	properNoun	nor
Kainji	properNoun	swe	Kainji	properNoun	nor
Kairouan	properNoun	swe	Kairouan	properNoun	nor
Kaiserau	properNoun	swe	Kaiserau	properNoun	nor
Kaiseraugst	properNoun	swe	Kaiseraugst	properNoun	nor
Kaiseregg	properNoun	swe	Kaiseregg	properNoun	nor
Kaiserpfalz	properNoun	swe	Kaiserpfalz	properNoun	nor
Kaiserslautern	properNoun	swe	Kaiserslautern	properNoun	nor
Kaiserstuhl	properNoun	swe	Kaiserstuhl	properNoun	nor
Kaisten	properNoun	swe	Kaisten	properNoun	nor
Kaitumjaure	properNoun	swe	Kaitumjaure	properNoun	nor
Kajana	properNoun	swe	Kajana	properNoun	nor
Kajanaland	properNoun	swe	Kajanaland	properNoun	nor
Kaka Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Kaka Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Kakapo Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Kakapo Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Kakel	properNoun	swe	Kakel	properNoun	nor
Kakskerta	properNoun	swe	Kakskerta	properNoun	nor
Kalabaliken i Bender	properNoun	swe	Trefninga i Bender	properNoun	nor
Kalabrien	properNoun	swe	Calabria	properNoun	nor
Kalafut Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Kalafut Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Kalamaria	properNoun	swe	Kalamariá	properNoun	nor
Kalamata	properNoun	swe	Kalamáta	properNoun	nor
Kalamata	properNoun	swe	Kalamata	properNoun	nor
Kalamos	properNoun	swe	Kálamos	properNoun	nor
Kalamos	properNoun	swe	Kalamos	properNoun	nor
Kalbe	properNoun	swe	Kalbe	properNoun	nor
Kaldenkirchen	properNoun	swe	Kaldenkirchen	properNoun	nor
Kalefeld	properNoun	swe	Kalefeld	properNoun	nor
Kalemie	properNoun	swe	Kalemie	properNoun	nor
Kalenberg	properNoun	swe	Kalenberg	properNoun	nor
Kaliakra	properNoun	swe	Kaliakra	properNoun	nor
Kaliningrad oblast	properNoun	swe	Kaliningrad oblast	properNoun	nor
Kaliningrad oblast	properNoun	swe	Kaliningrad	properNoun	nor
Kalisz	properNoun	swe	Kalisz	properNoun	nor
Kalix kommun	properNoun	swe	Kalix kommune	properNoun	nor
Kalix	properNoun	swe	Kalix	properNoun	nor
Kalixälven	properNoun	swe	Kalixälven	properNoun	nor
Kalkar	properNoun	swe	Kalkar	properNoun	nor
Kalkara	properNoun	swe	Kalkara	properNoun	nor
Kalkofen	properNoun	swe	Kalkofen	properNoun	nor
Kall	properNoun	swe	Kall	properNoun	nor
Kallaste	properNoun	swe	Kallaste	properNoun	nor
Kallax	properNoun	swe	Kallax	properNoun	nor
Kallenhardt	properNoun	swe	Kallenhardt	properNoun	nor
Kallern	properNoun	swe	Kallern	properNoun	nor
Kalletal	properNoun	swe	Kalletal	properNoun	nor
Kallinge	properNoun	swe	Kallinge	properNoun	nor
Kallithea	properNoun	swe	Kallithéa	properNoun	nor
Kallmünz	properNoun	swe	Kallmünz	properNoun	nor
Kallnach	properNoun	swe	Kallnach	properNoun	nor
Kallsjön	properNoun	swe	Kallsjön	properNoun	nor
Kalmar kommun	properNoun	swe	Kalmar kommune	properNoun	nor
Kalmar län	properNoun	swe	Kalmar län	properNoun	nor
Kalmarsund	properNoun	swe	Kalmarsund	properNoun	nor
Kalmarunionen	properNoun	swe	Kalmarunionen	properNoun	nor
Kalmius	properNoun	swe	Kalmius	properNoun	nor
Kalmuckien	properNoun	swe	Kalmykia	properNoun	nor
Kalocsa	properNoun	swe	Kalocsa	properNoun	nor
Kalsoy	properNoun	swe	Kalsoy	properNoun	nor
Kaltenbach	properNoun	swe	Kaltenbach	properNoun	nor
Kaluga oblast	properNoun	swe	Kaluga oblast	properNoun	nor
Kaluga oblast	properNoun	swe	Kaluga	properNoun	nor
Kaluga	properNoun	swe	Kaluga	properNoun	nor
Kalundborgs kommun	properNoun	swe	Kalundborg kommune	properNoun	nor
Kalusj	properNoun	swe	Kalusj	properNoun	nor
Kalvsund	properNoun	swe	Kalvsund	properNoun	nor
Kalvsvik	properNoun	swe	Kalvsvik	properNoun	nor
Kalymnos	properNoun	swe	Kálymnos	properNoun	nor
Kalymnos	properNoun	swe	Kalymnos	properNoun	nor
Kama	properNoun	swe	Kama	properNoun	nor
Kamakura	properNoun	swe	Kamakura	properNoun	nor
Kambodja	properNoun	swe	Kambodsja	properNoun	nor
Kamen	properNoun	swe	Kamen	properNoun	nor
Kamenev Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Kamenev Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Kamienna Góra	properNoun	swe	Kamienna Góra	properNoun	nor
Kamień Pomorski	properNoun	swe	Kamień Pomorski	properNoun	nor
Kaminski Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Kaminski Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Kaminuma Crag	properNoun	swe	Kaminuma Crag	properNoun	nor
Kammersrohr	properNoun	swe	Kammersrohr	properNoun	nor
Kamp	properNoun	swe	Kamp	properNoun	nor
Kampanien	properNoun	swe	Campania	properNoun	nor
Kampen	properNoun	swe	Kampen	properNoun	nor
Kamptal	properNoun	swe	Kamptal	properNoun	nor
Kampå	properNoun	swe	Kampå	properNoun	nor
Kamskajatoppen	properNoun	swe	Kamskajatoppen	properNoun	nor
Kamtjatka kraj	properNoun	swe	Kamtsjatka kraj	properNoun	nor
Kamtjatka kraj	properNoun	swe	Kamtsjatka	properNoun	nor
Kamtjatka oblast	properNoun	swe	Kamtsjatka oblast	properNoun	nor
Kamysjin	properNoun	swe	Kamysjin	properNoun	nor
Kanadensiska skölden	properNoun	swe	Det kanadiske skjold	properNoun	nor
Kanadensiska skölden	properNoun	swe	Det kanadiske skjoldet	properNoun	nor
Kanaltunneln	properNoun	swe	Kanaltunnelen	properNoun	nor
Kanalöarna	properNoun	swe	Kanaløyane	properNoun	nor
Kanalöarna	properNoun	swe	Kanaløyene	properNoun	nor
Kaname Zima	properNoun	swe	Kaname-jima	properNoun	nor
Kanarieöarna	properNoun	swe	Kanariøyane	properNoun	nor
Kanarieöarna	properNoun	swe	Kanariøyene	properNoun	nor
Kanasj	properNoun	swe	Kanasj	properNoun	nor
Kanchipuram	properNoun	swe	Kanchipuram	properNoun	nor
Kanchipuram	properNoun	swe	Kānchipuram	properNoun	nor
Kandalaksja	properNoun	swe	Kandalaksja	properNoun	nor
Kandel	properNoun	swe	Kandel	properNoun	nor
Kandergrund	properNoun	swe	Kandergrund	properNoun	nor
Kandern	properNoun	swe	Kandern	properNoun	nor
Kandersteg	properNoun	swe	Kandersteg	properNoun	nor
Kandy	properNoun	swe	Kandy	properNoun	nor
Kanfen	properNoun	swe	Kanfen	properNoun	nor
Kangasala	properNoun	swe	Kangasala	properNoun	nor
Kangaslampi	properNoun	swe	Kangaslampi	properNoun	nor
Kangos	properNoun	swe	Kangos	properNoun	nor
Kanholmsfjärden	properNoun	swe	Kanholmsfjärden	properNoun	nor
Kaninhalvön	properNoun	swe	Kaninhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Kaniv	properNoun	swe	Kaniv	properNoun	nor
Kannusjärvi	properNoun	swe	Kannusjärvi	properNoun	nor
Kansai	properNoun	swe	Kansai	properNoun	nor
Kansai	properNoun	swe	Kansairegionen	properNoun	nor
Kansas City	properNoun	swe	Kansas City	properNoun	nor
Kansk	properNoun	swe	Kansk	properNoun	nor
Kanstein	properNoun	swe	Kanstein	properNoun	nor
Kantabrien	properNoun	swe	Cantabria	properNoun	nor
Kantabriska bergen	properNoun	swe	De cantabriske fjell	properNoun	nor
Kantabriska bergen	properNoun	swe	Dei kantabriske fjella	properNoun	nor
Kantonatollen	properNoun	swe	Atollen Kanton	properNoun	nor
Kantonatollen	properNoun	swe	Kantonøya	properNoun	nor
Kaohsiung	properNoun	swe	Kaohsiung	properNoun	nor
Kaolack	properNoun	swe	Kaolack	properNoun	nor
Kap Adare	properNoun	swe	Cape Adare	properNoun	nor
Kap Adare	properNoun	swe	Kapp Adare	properNoun	nor
Kap Arkona	properNoun	swe	Kapp Arkona	properNoun	nor
Kap Baba	properNoun	swe	Kapp Baba	properNoun	nor
Kap Bojador	properNoun	swe	Kapp Bojador	properNoun	nor
Kap Dezjnjov	properNoun	swe	Kapp Dezjnjov	properNoun	nor
Kap Farvel	properNoun	swe	Kapp Farvel	properNoun	nor
Kap Finisterre	properNoun	swe	Kapp Finisterre	properNoun	nor
Kap Fligely	properNoun	swe	Kapp Fligely	properNoun	nor
Kap Hallet	properNoun	swe	Cape Hallett	properNoun	nor
Kap Horn	properNoun	swe	Kapp Horn	properNoun	nor
Kap Tjeljuskin	properNoun	swe	Kapp Tsjeljuskin	properNoun	nor
Kap Tjeljuskin	properNoun	swe	Kapp Tsjeluskin	properNoun	nor
Kap Trafalgar	properNoun	swe	Kapp Trafalgar	properNoun	nor
Kap Verde	properNoun	swe	Kapp Verde	properNoun	nor
Kapellen	properNoun	swe	Kapellen	properNoun	nor
Kapitulationen vid Perevolotjna	properNoun	swe	Overgjevinga i Perevolotsjna	properNoun	nor
Kaposvár	properNoun	swe	Kaposvár	properNoun	nor
Kappadokien	properNoun	swe	Kappadokia	properNoun	nor
Kappelen	properNoun	swe	Kappelen	properNoun	nor
Kappeln	properNoun	swe	Kappeln	properNoun	nor
Kar Plateau	properNoun	swe	Kar Plateau	properNoun	nor
Karaali Rocks	properNoun	swe	Karaali Rocks	properNoun	nor
Karabük	properNoun	swe	Karabük	properNoun	nor
Karahavet	properNoun	swe	Karahavet	properNoun	nor
Karak	properNoun	swe	Karak	properNoun	nor
Karakoram	properNoun	swe	Karakoram	properNoun	nor
Karakul	properNoun	swe	Karakul	properNoun	nor
Karakul	properNoun	swe	Qarakul	properNoun	nor
Karaman	properNoun	swe	Karaman	properNoun	nor
Karasjoks gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Karasjok gamle kirke	properNoun	nor
Karasjoks gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Karasjok gamle kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Karasjoks kyrka	properNoun	swe	Karasjok kirke	properNoun	nor
Karasjoks kyrka	properNoun	swe	Karasjok kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Karasundet	properNoun	swe	Karastredet	properNoun	nor
Karasundet	properNoun	swe	Karasundet	properNoun	nor
Karatal	properNoun	swe	Karatal	properNoun	nor
Karatjev	properNoun	swe	Karatsjev	properNoun	nor
Karats	properNoun	swe	Karats	properNoun	nor
Karavelova Point	properNoun	swe	Karavelova Point	properNoun	nor
Karawankerna	properNoun	swe	Karavankane	properNoun	nor
Karawankerna	properNoun	swe	Karavankene	properNoun	nor
Karbala	properNoun	swe	Karbala	properNoun	nor
Karby	properNoun	swe	Karby	properNoun	nor
Karditsa	properNoun	swe	Kardítsa	properNoun	nor
Kardzhali Point	properNoun	swe	Kardzhali Point	properNoun	nor
Kareby	properNoun	swe	Kareby	properNoun	nor
Karelska näset	properNoun	swe	Det karelske nes	properNoun	nor
Karelska näset	properNoun	swe	Det karelske neset	properNoun	nor
Karelska republiken	properNoun	swe	Karelia	properNoun	nor
Kargopol	properNoun	swe	Kargopol	properNoun	nor
Karibiska havet	properNoun	swe	Det karibiske hav	properNoun	nor
Karibiska havet	properNoun	swe	Det karibiske havet	properNoun	nor
Karigasniemi	properNoun	swe	Karigasniemi	properNoun	nor
Karikkoselkä	properNoun	swe	Karikkoselkä	properNoun	nor
Karislojo	properNoun	swe	Karislojo	properNoun	nor
Karkinitviken	properNoun	swe	Karkinitbukta	properNoun	nor
Karkinitviken	properNoun	swe	Karkinitbukten	properNoun	nor
Karl Johans gate	properNoun	swe	Karl Johans gate	properNoun	nor
Karlevistenen	properNoun	swe	Karlevisteinen	properNoun	nor
Karlholmsbruk	properNoun	swe	Karlholmsbruk	properNoun	nor
Karlov	properNoun	swe	Karlov	properNoun	nor
Karlovac	properNoun	swe	Karlovac	properNoun	nor
Karlovacs län	properNoun	swe	Fylket Karlovac	properNoun	nor
Karlovasi	properNoun	swe	Karlóvasi	properNoun	nor
Karlovy Vary	properNoun	swe	Karlovy Vary	properNoun	nor
Karlsbad	properNoun	swe	Karlsbad	properNoun	nor
Karlsberg	properNoun	swe	Karlsberg	properNoun	nor
Karlsborg	properNoun	swe	Karlsborg	properNoun	nor
Karlsborgs kommun	properNoun	swe	Karlsborg kommune	properNoun	nor
Karlshamn	properNoun	swe	Karlshamn	properNoun	nor
Karlshamns kommun	properNoun	swe	Karlshamn kommune	properNoun	nor
Karlshus	properNoun	swe	Karlshus	properNoun	nor
Karlskoga kommun	properNoun	swe	Karlskoga kommune	properNoun	nor
Karlskrona kommun	properNoun	swe	Karlskrona kommune	properNoun	nor
Karlsruhe	properNoun	swe	Karlsruhe	properNoun	nor
Karlstad centralstation	properNoun	swe	Karlstad sentralstasjon	properNoun	nor
Karlstad centralstation	properNoun	swe	Karlstads centralstation	properNoun	nor
Karlstads kommun	properNoun	swe	Karlstad kommune	properNoun	nor
Karlstads universitet	properNoun	swe	Karlstads universitet	properNoun	nor
Karlsudd	properNoun	swe	Karlsudd	properNoun	nor
Karlsvik	properNoun	swe	Karlsvik	properNoun	nor
Karlsängen	properNoun	swe	Karlsängen	properNoun	nor
Karlum	properNoun	swe	Karlum	properNoun	nor
Karlö	properNoun	swe	Karlö	properNoun	nor
Karmelberget	properNoun	swe	Karmelberget	properNoun	nor
Karmsundet	properNoun	swe	Karmsundet	properNoun	nor
Karnataka	properNoun	swe	Karnataka	properNoun	nor
Karnin	properNoun	swe	Karnin	properNoun	nor
Karniska alperna	properNoun	swe	De karniske Alpene	properNoun	nor
Karniska alperna	properNoun	swe	Dei karniske Alpane	properNoun	nor
Karo Hills	properNoun	swe	Karo Hills	properNoun	nor
Karow	properNoun	swe	Karow	properNoun	nor
Karpaterna	properNoun	swe	Karpatane	properNoun	nor
Karpaterna	properNoun	swe	Karpatene	properNoun	nor
Karpathos	properNoun	swe	Kárpathos	properNoun	nor
Karpathos	properNoun	swe	Karpathos	properNoun	nor
Karpinsk	properNoun	swe	Karpinsk	properNoun	nor
Karposh Point	properNoun	swe	Karposh Point	properNoun	nor
Karptjärn	properNoun	swe	Karptjärn	properNoun	nor
Karrebæksminde	properNoun	swe	Karrebæksminde	properNoun	nor
Karthago	properNoun	swe	Kartago	properNoun	nor
Karungi	properNoun	swe	Karungi	properNoun	nor
Karups sommarby	properNoun	swe	Karups sommarby	properNoun	nor
Karwendel	properNoun	swe	Karwendel	properNoun	nor
Kaschak	properNoun	swe	Kaschak	properNoun	nor
Kasjin	properNoun	swe	Kasjin	properNoun	nor
Kasjira	properNoun	swe	Kasjira	properNoun	nor
Kaskadbergen	properNoun	swe	Kaskadefjella	properNoun	nor
Kaskadbergen	properNoun	swe	Kaskadefjellene	properNoun	nor
Kaskasatjåkka	properNoun	swe	Kaskasatjåkka	properNoun	nor
Kasos	properNoun	swe	Kásos	properNoun	nor
Kasos	properNoun	swe	Kasos	properNoun	nor
Kaspichan Point	properNoun	swe	Kaspichan Point	properNoun	nor
Kaspijsk	properNoun	swe	Kaspijsk	properNoun	nor
Kaspiska havet	properNoun	swe	Det kaspiske hav	properNoun	nor
Kaspiska havet	properNoun	swe	Kaspihavet	properNoun	nor
Kaspiska sänkan	properNoun	swe	Den kaspiske senkinga	properNoun	nor
Kaspiska sänkan	properNoun	swe	Den kaspiske senkning	properNoun	nor
Kassandria	properNoun	swe	Kassándria	properNoun	nor
Kasserine	properNoun	swe	Kasserine	properNoun	nor
Kassiópi	properNoun	swe	Kassiópi	properNoun	nor
Kastamonu	properNoun	swe	Kastamonu	properNoun	nor
Kastellholmen	properNoun	swe	Kastellholmen	properNoun	nor
Kastellorizo	properNoun	swe	Kastellórizo	properNoun	nor
Kastellorizo	properNoun	swe	Kastelorizo	properNoun	nor
Kaster	properNoun	swe	Kaster	properNoun	nor
Kastilien och León	properNoun	swe	Castilla y León	properNoun	nor
Kastlösa	properNoun	swe	Kastlösa	properNoun	nor
Kastor	properNoun	swe	Kastor	properNoun	nor
Kastoria	properNoun	swe	Kastoriá	properNoun	nor
Kastos	properNoun	swe	Kastos	properNoun	nor
Kastos	properNoun	swe	Kastós	properNoun	nor
Kastrups flygplats	properNoun	swe	Københavns Lufthavn, Kastrup	properNoun	nor
Katajsk	properNoun	swe	Katajsk	properNoun	nor
Katalonien	properNoun	swe	Catalonia	properNoun	nor
Katedralen i Zagreb	properNoun	swe	Katedralen i Zagreb	properNoun	nor
Katerini	properNoun	swe	Kateríni	properNoun	nor
Katernberg	properNoun	swe	Katernberg	properNoun	nor
Kath	properNoun	swe	Kath	properNoun	nor
Katharinenheerd	properNoun	swe	Katharinenheerd	properNoun	nor
Katla	properNoun	swe	Katla	properNoun	nor
Katolska kyrkan på Färöarna	properNoun	swe	Den katolske kyrkja på Færøyane	properNoun	nor
Katrineholm	properNoun	swe	Katrineholm	properNoun	nor
Katrineholms kommun	properNoun	swe	Katrineholm kommune	properNoun	nor
Kattarp	properNoun	swe	Kattarp	properNoun	nor
Kattegatt	properNoun	swe	Kattegat	properNoun	nor
Kattenbusch	properNoun	swe	Kattenbusch	properNoun	nor
Kattisavan	properNoun	swe	Kattisavan	properNoun	nor
Katwijk	properNoun	swe	Katwijk	properNoun	nor
Katzenbach	properNoun	swe	Katzenbach	properNoun	nor
Katzensee	properNoun	swe	Katzensee	properNoun	nor
Kauai	properNoun	swe	Kauai	properNoun	nor
Kaufdorf	properNoun	swe	Kaufdorf	properNoun	nor
Kauffman	properNoun	swe	Kauffman	properNoun	nor
Kaukasien	properNoun	swe	Kaukasia	properNoun	nor
Kaunitz	properNoun	swe	Kaunitz	properNoun	nor
Kaupang	properNoun	swe	Kaupang	properNoun	nor
Kavadarci	properNoun	swe	Kavadartsi	properNoun	nor
Kavala	properNoun	swe	Kavála	properNoun	nor
Kavala	properNoun	swe	Kavala	properNoun	nor
Kavaratti	properNoun	swe	Kavaratti	properNoun	nor
Kaveri	properNoun	swe	Kaveri	properNoun	nor
Kavrayskiy Hills	properNoun	swe	Kavrayskiy Hills	properNoun	nor
Kawakawa	properNoun	swe	Kawakawa	properNoun	nor
Kawasaki	properNoun	swe	Kawasaki	properNoun	nor
Kaxholmen	properNoun	swe	Kaxholmen	properNoun	nor
Kay Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Kay Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Kazan	properNoun	swe	Kazan	properNoun	nor
Kazankhanatet	properNoun	swe	Kazan-khanatet	properNoun	nor
Kazanskajatoppen	properNoun	swe	Kazanskajatoppen	properNoun	nor
Kazanuniversitetet	properNoun	swe	Det føderale universitetet i Kazan	properNoun	nor
Kazbek	properNoun	swe	Kazbek	properNoun	nor
Kazincbarcika	properNoun	swe	Kazincbarcika	properNoun	nor
Kea Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Kea Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Kea	properNoun	swe	Kea	properNoun	nor
Kea	properNoun	swe	Kéa	properNoun	nor
Kearns Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Kearns Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Keating Massif	properNoun	swe	Keating Massif	properNoun	nor
Kebal	properNoun	swe	Kebal	properNoun	nor
Keble Hills	properNoun	swe	Keble Hills	properNoun	nor
Kecskemét	properNoun	swe	Kecskemét	properNoun	nor
Kedrovyj	properNoun	swe	Kedrovyj	properNoun	nor
Keeler	properNoun	swe	Keeler	properNoun	nor
Keep Rock	properNoun	swe	Keep Rock	properNoun	nor
Kefalinia	properNoun	swe	Kefallinia	properNoun	nor
Kefalinia	properNoun	swe	Kefaloniá	properNoun	nor
Kefissos	properNoun	swe	Kifisós	properNoun	nor
Keflavik	properNoun	swe	Keflavík	properNoun	nor
Kehl	properNoun	swe	Kehl	properNoun	nor
Kehrsatz	properNoun	swe	Kehrsatz	properNoun	nor
Keighley	properNoun	swe	Keighley	properNoun	nor
Keila	properNoun	swe	Keila	properNoun	nor
Kejsardömet Ryssland	properNoun	swe	Det russiske imperiet	properNoun	nor
Kejsardömet Ryssland	properNoun	swe	Det russiske keiserdømmet	properNoun	nor
Kejsardömet Tyskland	properNoun	swe	Det tyske keisardømet	properNoun	nor
Kejsardömet Tyskland	properNoun	swe	Det tyske keiserdømmet	properNoun	nor
Kellerberg	properNoun	swe	Kellerberg	properNoun	nor
Kellershohn	properNoun	swe	Kellershohn	properNoun	nor
Kelley Massif	properNoun	swe	Kelley Massif	properNoun	nor
Kelley Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Kelley Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Kellinghusen	properNoun	swe	Kellinghusen	properNoun	nor
Kellogg Valley	properNoun	swe	Kellogg Valley	properNoun	nor
Kelly Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Kelly Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Kelly Plateau	properNoun	swe	Kelly Plateau	properNoun	nor
Kelmelis Hills	properNoun	swe	Kelmelis Hills	properNoun	nor
Keltern	properNoun	swe	Keltern	properNoun	nor
Keltie Head	properNoun	swe	Keltie Head	properNoun	nor
Keltiska havet	properNoun	swe	Det keltiske havet	properNoun	nor
Kelvin Crests	properNoun	swe	Kelvin Crests	properNoun	nor
Kemberg	properNoun	swe	Kemberg	properNoun	nor
Kemer	properNoun	swe	Kemer	properNoun	nor
Kemerovo oblast	properNoun	swe	Kemerovo oblast	properNoun	nor
Kemerovo oblast	properNoun	swe	Kemerovo	properNoun	nor
Kemerovo	properNoun	swe	Kemerovo	properNoun	nor
Kemmental	properNoun	swe	Kemmental	properNoun	nor
Kemna	properNoun	swe	Kemna	properNoun	nor
Kemp Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Kemp Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Kempen	properNoun	swe	Kempen	properNoun	nor
Kempenich	properNoun	swe	Kempenich	properNoun	nor
Kempten	properNoun	swe	Kempten	properNoun	nor
Kendal	properNoun	swe	Kendal	properNoun	nor
Kendall Terrace	properNoun	swe	Kendall Terrace	properNoun	nor
Kenderes	properNoun	swe	Kenderes	properNoun	nor
Kenfield Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Kenfield Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Kenilworth	properNoun	swe	Kenilworth	properNoun	nor
Kennar Valley	properNoun	swe	Kennar Valley	properNoun	nor
Kennedykanalen	properNoun	swe	Kennedykanalen	properNoun	nor
Kenneth Ridge	properNoun	swe	Kenneth Ridge	properNoun	nor
Kennett Ridge	properNoun	swe	Kennett Ridge	properNoun	nor
Kenney Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Kenney Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Kensington Gardens	properNoun	swe	Kensington Gardens	properNoun	nor
Kensington Palace	properNoun	swe	Kensington Palace	properNoun	nor
Kent Gap	properNoun	swe	Kent Gap	properNoun	nor
Kent Plateau	properNoun	swe	Kent Plateau	properNoun	nor
Keohane	properNoun	swe	Keohane	properNoun	nor
Keokradong	properNoun	swe	Keokradong	properNoun	nor
Kerala	properNoun	swe	Kerala	properNoun	nor
Keramoti	properNoun	swe	Keramotí	properNoun	nor
Kerckhove de Denterghem	properNoun	swe	Kerckhove de Denterghem	properNoun	nor
Kerguelen	properNoun	swe	Kerguelen	properNoun	nor
Kerick Col	properNoun	swe	Kerick Col	properNoun	nor
Kerinci	properNoun	swe	Kerinci	properNoun	nor
Kerið	properNoun	swe	Kerið	properNoun	nor
Kerken	properNoun	swe	Kerken	properNoun	nor
Kerkis	properNoun	swe	Kérkis	properNoun	nor
Kermen Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Kermen Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Kern	properNoun	swe	Kern	properNoun	nor
Kernavė	properNoun	swe	Kernavé	properNoun	nor
Kernavė	properNoun	swe	Kernavė	properNoun	nor
Kernen im Remstal	properNoun	swe	Kernen im Remstal	properNoun	nor
Kernen	properNoun	swe	Kernen	properNoun	nor
Kernenried	properNoun	swe	Kernenried	properNoun	nor
Kerpen	properNoun	swe	Kerpen	properNoun	nor
Kerseblept Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Kerseblept Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Kerteminde kommun	properNoun	swe	Kerteminde kommune	properNoun	nor
Kertj	properNoun	swe	Kertsj	properNoun	nor
Kertjsundet	properNoun	swe	Kertsjstredet	properNoun	nor
Kertjsundet	properNoun	swe	Kertsjsundet	properNoun	nor
Kervo	properNoun	swe	Kervo	properNoun	nor
Kerzers	properNoun	swe	Kerzers	properNoun	nor
Keräsjoki	properNoun	swe	Keräsjoki	properNoun	nor
Kesgrave	properNoun	swe	Kesgrave	properNoun	nor
Kesusjön	properNoun	swe	Kesusjön	properNoun	nor
Keswick	properNoun	swe	Keswick	properNoun	nor
Keszthely	properNoun	swe	Keszthely	properNoun	nor
Kettering	properNoun	swe	Kettering	properNoun	nor
Kevelaer	properNoun	swe	Kevelaer	properNoun	nor
Kewanee	properNoun	swe	Kewanee	properNoun	nor
Key West	properNoun	swe	Key West	properNoun	nor
Keys Hill	properNoun	swe	Keys Hill	properNoun	nor
Keys Point	properNoun	swe	Keys Point	properNoun	nor
Keyser Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Keyser Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Keyser Ridge	properNoun	swe	Keyser Ridge	properNoun	nor
Keşan	properNoun	swe	Keşan	properNoun	nor
Kfar Etzion	properNoun	swe	Kfar Etzion	properNoun	nor
Kfar Saba	properNoun	swe	Kfar Saba	properNoun	nor
Kfarshima	properNoun	swe	Kfarshima	properNoun	nor
Khabab	properNoun	swe	Khabab	properNoun	nor
Khabur	properNoun	swe	Khabur	properNoun	nor
Khamsin Pass	properNoun	swe	Khamsin Pass	properNoun	nor
Khan Tengri	properNoun	swe	Khan Tengri	properNoun	nor
Khan Yunis	properNoun	swe	Khan Younis	properNoun	nor
Khan Yunis	properNoun	swe	Khan Yunis	properNoun	nor
Khomein	properNoun	swe	Khomein	properNoun	nor
Khulna	properNoun	swe	Khulna	properNoun	nor
Khyber Pukhtunkhwa	properNoun	swe	Khyber Pakhtunkhwa	properNoun	nor
Khyberpasset	properNoun	swe	Khaibarpasset	properNoun	nor
Khyberpasset	properNoun	swe	Khyber	properNoun	nor
Khémisset	properNoun	swe	Khémisset	properNoun	nor
Kibergneset	properNoun	swe	Kibergneset	properNoun	nor
Kickers Offenbach	properNoun	swe	Kickers Offenbach	properNoun	nor
Kidson	properNoun	swe	Kidson	properNoun	nor
Kieffer Knoll	properNoun	swe	Kieffer Knoll	properNoun	nor
Kiek in de kök	properNoun	swe	Kiek in de kök	properNoun	nor
Kielce	properNoun	swe	Kielce	properNoun	nor
Kiels universitet	properNoun	swe	Christian-Albrechts-Universität zu Kiel	properNoun	nor
Kielviken	properNoun	swe	Kielbukta	properNoun	nor
Kienersrüti	properNoun	swe	Kienersrüti	properNoun	nor
Kienle Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Kienle Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Kierspe	properNoun	swe	Kierspe	properNoun	nor
Kiesen	properNoun	swe	Kiesen	properNoun	nor
Kiev oblast	properNoun	swe	Kiev oblast	properNoun	nor
Kievriket	properNoun	swe	Kievriket	properNoun	nor
Kigali	properNoun	swe	Kigali	properNoun	nor
Kiirunavaara	properNoun	swe	Kiirunavaara	properNoun	nor
Kikko Terrace	properNoun	swe	Kikko Terrace	properNoun	nor
Kil	properNoun	swe	Kil	properNoun	nor
Kilafors	properNoun	swe	Kilafors	properNoun	nor
Kilauea	properNoun	swe	Kīlauea	properNoun	nor
Kilaån	properNoun	swe	Kilaån	properNoun	nor
Kilchberg	properNoun	swe	Kilchberg	properNoun	nor
Kildare	properNoun	swe	Kildare	properNoun	nor
Kilfoyle Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Kilfoyle Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Kilikien	properNoun	swe	Kilikia	properNoun	nor
Kilinochchi	properNoun	swe	Kilinochchi	properNoun	nor
Kilis	properNoun	swe	Kilis	properNoun	nor
Kilkenny	properNoun	swe	Kilkenny	properNoun	nor
Kilkis	properNoun	swe	Kilkís	properNoun	nor
Killara	properNoun	swe	Killara	properNoun	nor
Killeberg	properNoun	swe	Killeberg	properNoun	nor
Killer Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Killer Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Killer Ridge	properNoun	swe	Killer Ridge	properNoun	nor
Killwangen	properNoun	swe	Killwangen	properNoun	nor
Kilpisjärvi	properNoun	swe	Kilpisjärvi	properNoun	nor
Kils kommun	properNoun	swe	Kil kommune	properNoun	nor
Kilsmo	properNoun	swe	Kilsmo	properNoun	nor
Kilsund	properNoun	swe	Kilsund	properNoun	nor
Kimitoön	properNoun	swe	Kimitoøya	properNoun	nor
Kimitoön	properNoun	swe	Kimitoøya	properNoun	nor
Kimolos	properNoun	swe	Kimolos	properNoun	nor
Kimolos	properNoun	swe	Kímolos	properNoun	nor
Kimstad	properNoun	swe	Kimstad	properNoun	nor
Kinda kommun	properNoun	swe	Kinda kommune	properNoun	nor
Kinel	properNoun	swe	Kinel	properNoun	nor
Kinesiska muren	properNoun	swe	Den kinesiske mur	properNoun	nor
Kinesiska muren	properNoun	swe	Den kinesiske muren	properNoun	nor
Kinesjma	properNoun	swe	Kinesjma	properNoun	nor
King Peninsula	properNoun	swe	King Peninsula	properNoun	nor
King Williams land	properNoun	swe	Qikiqtaq	properNoun	nor
Kingda Ka	properNoun	swe	Kingda Ka	properNoun	nor
Kingisepp	properNoun	swe	Kingisepp	properNoun	nor
Kingsbridge	properNoun	swe	Kingsbridge	properNoun	nor
Kingsbury	properNoun	swe	Kingsbury	properNoun	nor
Kingsthorpe	properNoun	swe	Kingsthorpe	properNoun	nor
Kingston Lacy	properNoun	swe	Kingston Lacy	properNoun	nor
Kingston upon Hull	properNoun	swe	Kingston upon Hull	properNoun	nor
Kingstown	properNoun	swe	Kingstown	properNoun	nor
Kinhorn	properNoun	swe	Kinhorn	properNoun	nor
Kinik	properNoun	swe	Kınık	properNoun	nor
Kinnared	properNoun	swe	Kinnared	properNoun	nor
Kinnarodden	properNoun	swe	Kinnarodden	properNoun	nor
Kinnarp	properNoun	swe	Kinnarp	properNoun	nor
Kinnarumma	properNoun	swe	Kinnarumma	properNoun	nor
Kinnear Mountains	properNoun	swe	Kinnear Mountains	properNoun	nor
Kinnekulle	properNoun	swe	Kinnekulle	properNoun	nor
Kinsale	properNoun	swe	Kinsale	properNoun	nor
Kintyre	properNoun	swe	Kintyre	properNoun	nor
Kinzig	properNoun	swe	Kinzig	properNoun	nor
Kinzl Crests	properNoun	swe	Kinzl Crests	properNoun	nor
Kippel	properNoun	swe	Kippel	properNoun	nor
Kirby Cone	properNoun	swe	Kirby Cone	properNoun	nor
Kirchbach	properNoun	swe	Kirchbach	properNoun	nor
Kirchberg an der Jagst	properNoun	swe	Kirchberg an der Jagst	properNoun	nor
Kirchberg an der Murr	properNoun	swe	Kirchberg an der Murr	properNoun	nor
Kirchberg	properNoun	swe	Kirchberg	properNoun	nor
Kirchdorf	properNoun	swe	Kirchdorf	properNoun	nor
Kirchenthurnen	properNoun	swe	Kirchenthurnen	properNoun	nor
Kirchheim	properNoun	swe	Kirchheim	properNoun	nor
Kirchheimbolanden	properNoun	swe	Kirchheimbolanden	properNoun	nor
Kirchhellen	properNoun	swe	Kirchhellen	properNoun	nor
Kirchleerau	properNoun	swe	Kirchleerau	properNoun	nor
Kirchlengern	properNoun	swe	Kirchlengern	properNoun	nor
Kirchlindach	properNoun	swe	Kirchlindach	properNoun	nor
Kirchspiel	properNoun	swe	Kirchspiel	properNoun	nor
Kirgizistan	properNoun	swe	Kirgisistan	properNoun	nor
Kiribati	properNoun	swe	Kiribati	properNoun	nor
Kirjat Motzkin	properNoun	swe	Kiryat Motzkin	properNoun	nor
Kirkby Head	properNoun	swe	Kirkby Head	properNoun	nor
Kirkby Lonsdale	properNoun	swe	Kirkby Lonsdale	properNoun	nor
Kirkby Stephen	properNoun	swe	Kirkby Stephen	properNoun	nor
Kirkby	properNoun	swe	Kirkby	properNoun	nor
Kirkcaldy	properNoun	swe	Kirkcaldy	properNoun	nor
Kirkebygda	properNoun	swe	Kirkebygda	properNoun	nor
Kirkebygden	properNoun	swe	Kirkebygden	properNoun	nor
Kirkegrenda	properNoun	swe	Kirkegrenda	properNoun	nor
Kirkel	properNoun	swe	Kirkel	properNoun	nor
Kirkenes kyrka	properNoun	swe	Kirkenes kirke	properNoun	nor
Kirkenes kyrka	properNoun	swe	Kirkenes kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Kirkenes–Bjørnevatnbanen	properNoun	swe	Kirkenes–Bjørnevatnbanen	properNoun	nor
Kirkjubæjarklaustur	properNoun	swe	Kirkjubæjarklaustur	properNoun	nor
Kirkwood Range	properNoun	swe	Kirkwood Range	properNoun	nor
Kirov oblast	properNoun	swe	Kirov oblast	properNoun	nor
Kirov oblast	properNoun	swe	Kirov	properNoun	nor
Kirovgrad	properNoun	swe	Kirovgrad	properNoun	nor
Kirovohrad oblast	properNoun	swe	Kirovohrad oblast	properNoun	nor
Kirovohrad	properNoun	swe	Kirovohrad	properNoun	nor
Kirovsk	properNoun	swe	Kirovsk	properNoun	nor
Kirriemuir	properNoun	swe	Kirriemuir	properNoun	nor
Kirton in Lindsey	properNoun	swe	Kirton in Lindsey	properNoun	nor
Kiruna kommun	properNoun	swe	Kiruna kommun	properNoun	nor
Kiruna kommun	properNoun	swe	Kiruna	properNoun	nor
Kirzjatj	properNoun	swe	Kirzjatsj	properNoun	nor
Kisa	properNoun	swe	Kisa	properNoun	nor
Kiseljovsk	properNoun	swe	Kiseljovsk	properNoun	nor
Kiskunfélegyháza	properNoun	swe	Kiskunfélegyháza	properNoun	nor
Kisköre	properNoun	swe	Kisköre	properNoun	nor
Kislovodsk	properNoun	swe	Kislovodsk	properNoun	nor
Kissamos	properNoun	swe	Kíssamos	properNoun	nor
Kista Rock	properNoun	swe	Kista Rock	properNoun	nor
Kitaakita	properNoun	swe	Kitaakita	properNoun	nor
Kite Stream	properNoun	swe	Kite Stream	properNoun	nor
Kitikmeot	properNoun	swe	Kitikmeot	properNoun	nor
Kittilä	properNoun	swe	Kittilä	properNoun	nor
Kittlitz	properNoun	swe	Kittlitz	properNoun	nor
Kitzbühel	properNoun	swe	Kitzbühel	properNoun	nor
Kitzbühelalperna	properNoun	swe	Kitzbühleralpane	properNoun	nor
Kitzsteinhorn	properNoun	swe	Kitzsteinhorn	properNoun	nor
Kivik	properNoun	swe	Kivik	properNoun	nor
Kiviõli	properNoun	swe	Kiviõli	properNoun	nor
Kiwi Pass	properNoun	swe	Kiwi Pass	properNoun	nor
Kizahasi Hama	properNoun	swe	Kizahashi-hama	properNoun	nor
Kizaki	properNoun	swe	Kizaki	properNoun	nor
Kiziljurt	properNoun	swe	Kiziljurt	properNoun	nor
Kizji	properNoun	swe	Kizji	properNoun	nor
Kizljar	properNoun	swe	Kizljar	properNoun	nor
Kjachta	properNoun	swe	Kjakhta	properNoun	nor
Kjellbergnuten	properNoun	swe	Kjellbergnuten	properNoun	nor
Kjeller flygplats	properNoun	swe	Kjeller flyplass	properNoun	nor
Kjeller	properNoun	swe	Kjeller	properNoun	nor
Kjellman	properNoun	swe	Kjellman	properNoun	nor
Kjulaås	properNoun	swe	Kjulaås	properNoun	nor
Kjølrabbane	properNoun	swe	Kjølrabbane	properNoun	nor
Kladruby nad Labem	properNoun	swe	Kladruby nad Labem	properNoun	nor
Klagenfurt	properNoun	swe	Klagenfurt	properNoun	nor
Klagstorp	properNoun	swe	Klagstorp	properNoun	nor
Klaipėda	properNoun	swe	Klaipėda	properNoun	nor
Klakknabben	properNoun	swe	Klakknabben	properNoun	nor
Klaksvík	properNoun	swe	Klaksvík	properNoun	nor
Klamp	properNoun	swe	Klamp	properNoun	nor
Klarälven	properNoun	swe	Klarälven	properNoun	nor
Klasberg	properNoun	swe	Klasberg	properNoun	nor
Klassekampen	properNoun	swe	Klassekampen	properNoun	nor
Klausdorf	properNoun	swe	Klausdorf	properNoun	nor
Klause	properNoun	swe	Klause	properNoun	nor
Kleifarvatn	properNoun	swe	Kleifarvatn	properNoun	nor
Klein Glienicke	properNoun	swe	Klein Glienicke	properNoun	nor
Klein Grünhorn	properNoun	swe	Klein Grünhorn	properNoun	nor
Klein Matterhorn	properNoun	swe	Klein Matterhorn	properNoun	nor
Kleinbeek	properNoun	swe	Kleinbeek	properNoun	nor
Kleinbösingen	properNoun	swe	Kleinbösingen	properNoun	nor
Kleinenberg	properNoun	swe	Kleinenberg	properNoun	nor
Kleinenbremen	properNoun	swe	Kleinenbremen	properNoun	nor
Kleinmachnow	properNoun	swe	Kleinmachnow	properNoun	nor
Klek	properNoun	swe	Klek	properNoun	nor
Klekowski Crag	properNoun	swe	Klekowski Crag	properNoun	nor
Kleppestø	properNoun	swe	Kleppestø	properNoun	nor
Kleve	properNoun	swe	Kleve	properNoun	nor
Klevekampen	properNoun	swe	Klevekampen	properNoun	nor
Klevekåpa	properNoun	swe	Klevekåpa	properNoun	nor
Klevetind	properNoun	swe	Klevetind	properNoun	nor
Klevshult	properNoun	swe	Klevshult	properNoun	nor
Kley	properNoun	swe	Kley	properNoun	nor
Klin	properNoun	swe	Klin	properNoun	nor
Klinck Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Klinck Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Klingenthal	properNoun	swe	Klingenthal	properNoun	nor
Klingnau	properNoun	swe	Klingnau	properNoun	nor
Klingsta och Allsta	properNoun	swe	Klingsta och Allsta	properNoun	nor
Klintehamn	properNoun	swe	Klintehamn	properNoun	nor
Klinten	properNoun	swe	Klinten	properNoun	nor
Klintsy	properNoun	swe	Klintsy	properNoun	nor
Klippan	properNoun	swe	Klippan	properNoun	nor
Klippans bruk	properNoun	swe	Klippans bruk	properNoun	nor
Klippans kommun	properNoun	swe	Klippan kommune	properNoun	nor
Klippen	properNoun	swe	Klippen	properNoun	nor
Klippiga bergen	properNoun	swe	Rocky Mountains	properNoun	nor
Klixbüll	properNoun	swe	Klixbüll	properNoun	nor
Kljazma	properNoun	swe	Kljazma	properNoun	nor
Kljutjevskaja Sopka	properNoun	swe	Kljutsjevskaja Sopka	properNoun	nor
Klockestrand	properNoun	swe	Klockestrand	properNoun	nor
Klockrike	properNoun	swe	Klockrike	properNoun	nor
Klondike	properNoun	swe	Klondike	properNoun	nor
Kloster Lehnin	properNoun	swe	Kloster Lehnin	properNoun	nor
Klosterön Reichenau	properNoun	swe	Reichenau	properNoun	nor
Klosterön Reichenau	properNoun	swe	Øya Reichenau	properNoun	nor
Kloten	properNoun	swe	Kloten	properNoun	nor
Kloveniersburgwal	properNoun	swe	Kloveniersburgwal	properNoun	nor
Kluse	properNoun	swe	Kluse	properNoun	nor
Klädesholmen	properNoun	swe	Klädesholmen	properNoun	nor
Klämmingen	properNoun	swe	Klämmingen	properNoun	nor
Kläppa	properNoun	swe	Kläppa	properNoun	nor
Klässbol	properNoun	swe	Klässbol	properNoun	nor
Klågerup	properNoun	swe	Klågerup	properNoun	nor
Klöverträsk	properNoun	swe	Klöverträsk	properNoun	nor
Klövsjö	properNoun	swe	Klövsjö	properNoun	nor
Kløfta	properNoun	swe	Kløfta	properNoun	nor
Knack Point	properNoun	swe	Knack Point	properNoun	nor
Knaften	properNoun	swe	Knaften	properNoun	nor
Knapsack	properNoun	swe	Knapsack	properNoun	nor
Knaresborough	properNoun	swe	Knaresborough	properNoun	nor
Knarrholmen	properNoun	swe	Knarrholmen	properNoun	nor
Knarvik	properNoun	swe	Knarvik	properNoun	nor
Kneiff	properNoun	swe	Kneiff	properNoun	nor
Knezevich Rock	properNoun	swe	Knezevich Rock	properNoun	nor
Knight Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Knight Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Knislinge	properNoun	swe	Knislinge	properNoun	nor
Knittlingen	properNoun	swe	Knittlingen	properNoun	nor
Knivskjellodden	properNoun	swe	Knivskjelodden	properNoun	nor
Knivsta kommun	properNoun	swe	Knivsta kommune	properNoun	nor
Knivsta	properNoun	swe	Knivsta	properNoun	nor
Knobble Head	properNoun	swe	Knobble Head	properNoun	nor
Knobhead Moraine	properNoun	swe	Knobhead Moraine	properNoun	nor
Knobhead	properNoun	swe	Knobhead	properNoun	nor
Knossos	properNoun	swe	Knossos	properNoun	nor
Knott Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Knott Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Knox Coast	properNoun	swe	Knox Coast	properNoun	nor
Knutby	properNoun	swe	Knutby	properNoun	nor
Knutsford	properNoun	swe	Knutsford	properNoun	nor
Knutsufsene	properNoun	swe	Knutsufsene	properNoun	nor
Knäred	properNoun	swe	Knäred	properNoun	nor
Kobe	properNoun	swe	Kobe	properNoun	nor
Koberg	properNoun	swe	Koberg	properNoun	nor
Kobuleti	properNoun	swe	Kobuleti	properNoun	nor
Kocaeli	properNoun	swe	Kocaeli	properNoun	nor
Kočani	properNoun	swe	Kotsjani	properNoun	nor
Kocher	properNoun	swe	Kocher	properNoun	nor
Kockums	properNoun	swe	Kockums	properNoun	nor
Kode	properNoun	swe	Kode	properNoun	nor
Kodoridalen	properNoun	swe	Kodoridalen	properNoun	nor
Kodyma	properNoun	swe	Kodyma	properNoun	nor
Koehler Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Koehler Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Koenig Valley	properNoun	swe	Koenig Valley	properNoun	nor
Koerner Rock	properNoun	swe	Koerner Rock	properNoun	nor
Kogalym	properNoun	swe	Kogalym	properNoun	nor
Koh Phi Phi Don	properNoun	swe	Ko Phi Phi Don	properNoun	nor
Kohlberg	properNoun	swe	Kohlberg	properNoun	nor
Kohler Dome	properNoun	swe	Kohler Dome	properNoun	nor
Kohler Head	properNoun	swe	Kohler Head	properNoun	nor
Kohler Range	properNoun	swe	Kohler Range	properNoun	nor
Kokalyane Point	properNoun	swe	Kokalyane Point	properNoun	nor
Kokosöarna	properNoun	swe	Kokosøyane	properNoun	nor
Kokosöarna	properNoun	swe	Kokosøyene	properNoun	nor
Kokura	properNoun	swe	Kokura	properNoun	nor
Kola	properNoun	swe	Kola	properNoun	nor
Kolahalvön	properNoun	swe	Kolahalvøya	properNoun	nor
Kolbäck	properNoun	swe	Kolbäck	properNoun	nor
Kolbäcksån	properNoun	swe	Kolbäcksån	properNoun	nor
Koldenbüttel	properNoun	swe	Koldenbüttel	properNoun	nor
Koldings kommun	properNoun	swe	Kolding kommune	properNoun	nor
Kolhapur	properNoun	swe	Kolhapur	properNoun	nor
Kolich Point	properNoun	swe	Kolich Point	properNoun	nor
Kolka	properNoun	swe	Kolka	properNoun	nor
Kolno	properNoun	swe	Kolno	properNoun	nor
Koloc Point	properNoun	swe	Koloc Point	properNoun	nor
Kolomna	properNoun	swe	Kolomna	properNoun	nor
Kolomyia	properNoun	swe	Kolomyja	properNoun	nor
Kolonaki	properNoun	swe	Kolonaki	properNoun	nor
Kolossen på Rhodos	properNoun	swe	Kolossen på Rhodos	properNoun	nor
Kolpasjevo	properNoun	swe	Kolpasjevo	properNoun	nor
Kolpino	properNoun	swe	Kolpino	properNoun	nor
Kolsnaren	properNoun	swe	Kolsnaren	properNoun	nor
Kolsva	properNoun	swe	Kolsva	properNoun	nor
Koltur	properNoun	swe	Koltur	properNoun	nor
Kolvereid	properNoun	swe	Kolvereid	properNoun	nor
Kolymafloden	properNoun	swe	Kolyma	properNoun	nor
Kolymafloden	properNoun	swe	Kolymaelva	properNoun	nor
Komagfjords kyrka	properNoun	swe	Komagfjord kirke	properNoun	nor
Komagfjords kyrka	properNoun	swe	Komagfjord kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Komatsu Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Komatsu Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Komi	properNoun	swe	Komi	properNoun	nor
Komis urskogar	properNoun	swe	Urskogen i Komi	properNoun	nor
Kommendörsöarna	properNoun	swe	Kommandørøyane	properNoun	nor
Komorerna	properNoun	swe	Komorane	properNoun	nor
Komorerna	properNoun	swe	Komorene	properNoun	nor
Komorn	properNoun	swe	Komorn	properNoun	nor
Komotini	properNoun	swe	Komotiní	properNoun	nor
Konan	properNoun	swe	Kōnan	properNoun	nor
Kondopoga	properNoun	swe	Kondopoga	properNoun	nor
Konevits kloster	properNoun	swe	Konevits kloster	properNoun	nor
Kong Haakon VII Hav	properNoun	swe	Kong Haakon 7 Hav	properNoun	nor
Kong Haakon VII Hav	properNoun	swe	Kong Haakon VII Hav	properNoun	nor
Kong Karls land	properNoun	swe	Kong Karls Land	properNoun	nor
Konga	properNoun	swe	Konga	properNoun	nor
Kongens Lyngby	properNoun	swe	Kongens Lyngby	properNoun	nor
Kongens Nytorv	properNoun	swe	Kongens Nytorv	properNoun	nor
Kongernes Jelling	properNoun	swe	Kongernes Jelling	properNoun	nor
Kongevejen	properNoun	swe	Kongevejen	properNoun	nor
Kongeå	properNoun	swe	Kongeå	properNoun	nor
Kongobäckenet	properNoun	swe	Kongobassenget	properNoun	nor
Kongofloden	properNoun	swe	Kongo	properNoun	nor
Kongofloden	properNoun	swe	Kongoelva	properNoun	nor
Kongostaten	properNoun	swe	Fristaten Kongo	properNoun	nor
Kongsberg Gruppen	properNoun	swe	Kongsberg Gruppen	properNoun	nor
Kongshamn	properNoun	swe	Kongshamn	properNoun	nor
Kongsøya	properNoun	swe	Kongsøya	properNoun	nor
Konolfingen	properNoun	swe	Konolfingen	properNoun	nor
Konstantinopels ekumeniska patriarkat	properNoun	swe	Det økumeniske patriarkatet i Konstantinopel	properNoun	nor
Konstanz	properNoun	swe	Konstanz	properNoun	nor
Kontiolax	properNoun	swe	Kontiolahti	properNoun	nor
Konungariket Preussen	properNoun	swe	Kongedømet Preussen	properNoun	nor
Konungariket Preussen	properNoun	swe	Kongeriket Preussen	properNoun	nor
Konventionen i Moss	properNoun	swe	Mossekonvensjonen	properNoun	nor
Konya	properNoun	swe	Konya	properNoun	nor
Kopejsk	properNoun	swe	Kopejsk	properNoun	nor
Kopere	properNoun	swe	Kopere	properNoun	nor
Kopparbältet	properNoun	swe	Koparbeltet	properNoun	nor
Kopparmora	properNoun	swe	Kopparmora	properNoun	nor
Koppigen	properNoun	swe	Koppigen	properNoun	nor
Koppom	properNoun	swe	Koppom	properNoun	nor
Koprivnica	properNoun	swe	Koprivnica	properNoun	nor
Korab	properNoun	swe	Korab	properNoun	nor
Korallgrottan	properNoun	swe	Korallgrottan	properNoun	nor
Korallhavet	properNoun	swe	Korallhavet	properNoun	nor
Korana	properNoun	swe	Korana	properNoun	nor
Korb	properNoun	swe	Korb	properNoun	nor
Korbach	properNoun	swe	Korbach	properNoun	nor
Korčula	properNoun	swe	Korčula	properNoun	nor
Koreas arbetarparti	properNoun	swe	Det koreanske arbeidarpartiet	properNoun	nor
Koreas arbetarparti	properNoun	swe	Koreas arbeiderparti	properNoun	nor
Koreasundet	properNoun	swe	Koreastredet	properNoun	nor
Koreasundet	properNoun	swe	Koreasundet	properNoun	nor
Korgfjelltunneln	properNoun	swe	Korgfjelltunnelen	properNoun	nor
Korinth	properNoun	swe	Korint	properNoun	nor
Korinth	properNoun	swe	Korinthia	properNoun	nor
Korinth	properNoun	swe	Korinthía	properNoun	nor
Korintiska näset	properNoun	swe	Korinteidet	properNoun	nor
Korintiska viken	properNoun	swe	Korintbukta	properNoun	nor
Korjakien	properNoun	swe	Korjak	properNoun	nor
Korjakien	properNoun	swe	Korjakia	properNoun	nor
Kornati	properNoun	swe	Kornati	properNoun	nor
Korning	properNoun	swe	Korning	properNoun	nor
Kornsjöarna	properNoun	swe	Kornsjøvassdraget	properNoun	nor
Kornwestheim	properNoun	swe	Kornwestheim	properNoun	nor
Koroljov	properNoun	swe	Koroljov	properNoun	nor
Koromandelkusten	properNoun	swe	Koromandelkysten	properNoun	nor
Koroneia	properNoun	swe	Korónia	properNoun	nor
Koroška	properNoun	swe	Koroška	properNoun	nor
Korostysjiv	properNoun	swe	Korostysjiv	properNoun	nor
Korpilombolo	properNoun	swe	Korpilombolo	properNoun	nor
Korsakov	properNoun	swe	Korsakov	properNoun	nor
Korsberga	properNoun	swe	Korsberga	properNoun	nor
Korschenbroich	properNoun	swe	Korschenbroich	properNoun	nor
Korsika	properNoun	swe	Korsika	properNoun	nor
Korsträsk	properNoun	swe	Korsträsk	properNoun	nor
Korsvattnet	properNoun	swe	Korsvattnet	properNoun	nor
Kortenhoef	properNoun	swe	Kortenhoef	properNoun	nor
Kortrijk	properNoun	swe	Kortrijk	properNoun	nor
Korvatunturi	properNoun	swe	Korvatunturi	properNoun	nor
Kos flygplats	properNoun	swe	Kos internasjonale lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Kos flygplats	properNoun	swe	Kos internasjonale lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Kosar Point	properNoun	swe	Kosar Point	properNoun	nor
Kosel	properNoun	swe	Kosel	properNoun	nor
Košice	properNoun	swe	Košice	properNoun	nor
Kosiv	properNoun	swe	Kosiv	properNoun	nor
Koskullskulle	properNoun	swe	Koskullskulle	properNoun	nor
Kosmodromen i Bajkonur	properNoun	swe	Kosmodrom Bajkonur	properNoun	nor
Kosmonauthavet	properNoun	swe	Kosmonauthavet	properNoun	nor
Kosta	properNoun	swe	Kosta	properNoun	nor
Kostenets Saddle	properNoun	swe	Kostenets Saddle	properNoun	nor
Kostiantynivka	properNoun	swe	Kostjantynivka	properNoun	nor
Kostino	properNoun	swe	Kostino	properNoun	nor
Kostomuksja	properNoun	swe	Kostomuksja	properNoun	nor
Kostroma oblast	properNoun	swe	Kostroma oblast	properNoun	nor
Kostroma oblast	properNoun	swe	Kostroma	properNoun	nor
Kostroma	properNoun	swe	Kostroma	properNoun	nor
Kostroma	properNoun	swe	Kostroma	properNoun	nor
Kostroma	properNoun	swe	Kostromaelva	properNoun	nor
Koszalin	properNoun	swe	Koszalin	properNoun	nor
Kotelnyjön	properNoun	swe	Kotelnijøya	properNoun	nor
Kotis Point	properNoun	swe	Kotis Point	properNoun	nor
Kotjan	properNoun	swe	Kotsjan	properNoun	nor
Kotka	properNoun	swe	Kotka	properNoun	nor
Kotlas	properNoun	swe	Kotlas	properNoun	nor
Kotorbukten	properNoun	swe	Kotorbukta	properNoun	nor
Kotovsk	properNoun	swe	Kotovsk	properNoun	nor
Kotrag Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Kotrag Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Kotten	properNoun	swe	Kotten	properNoun	nor
Kottmeier Mesa	properNoun	swe	Kottmeier Mesa	properNoun	nor
Kottwil	properNoun	swe	Kottwil	properNoun	nor
Koufonissi	properNoun	swe	Koufonisia	properNoun	nor
Koufonissi	properNoun	swe	Koufonísia	properNoun	nor
Koutojärvi	properNoun	swe	Koutojärvi	properNoun	nor
Kouvola	properNoun	swe	Kouvola	properNoun	nor
Kovel	properNoun	swe	Kovel	properNoun	nor
Kovland	properNoun	swe	Kovland	properNoun	nor
Kovrov	properNoun	swe	Kovrov	properNoun	nor
Kowalczyk	properNoun	swe	Kowalczyk	properNoun	nor
Kozani	properNoun	swe	Kozáni	properNoun	nor
Kozani	properNoun	swe	Kozani	properNoun	nor
Kozielsk	properNoun	swe	Kozelsk	properNoun	nor
Kozlov Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Kozlov Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Kozmodemjansk	properNoun	swe	Kozmodemjansk	properNoun	nor
Kołobrzeg	properNoun	swe	Kołobrzeg	properNoun	nor
Końskowola	properNoun	swe	Końskowola	properNoun	nor
Koźle	properNoun	swe	Koźle	properNoun	nor
Krabbesholm	properNoun	swe	Krabbesholm	properNoun	nor
Krabi	properNoun	swe	Krabi	properNoun	nor
Kragujevac	properNoun	swe	Kragujevac	properNoun	nor
Kraichtal	properNoun	swe	Kraichtal	properNoun	nor
Krak des Chevaliers	properNoun	swe	Krak des Chevaliers	properNoun	nor
Kraków Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Krakow Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Kraljevo	properNoun	swe	Kraljevo	properNoun	nor
Krall Crags	properNoun	swe	Krall Crags	properNoun	nor
Kramatorsk	properNoun	swe	Kramatorsk	properNoun	nor
Kramfors kommun	properNoun	swe	Kramfors kommune	properNoun	nor
Kramfors	properNoun	swe	Kramfors	properNoun	nor
Kramim	properNoun	swe	Kramim	properNoun	nor
Kranenburg	properNoun	swe	Kranenburg	properNoun	nor
Kranevo Point	properNoun	swe	Kranevo Point	properNoun	nor
Kranj	properNoun	swe	Kranj	properNoun	nor
Kranjska Gora	properNoun	swe	Kranjska Gora	properNoun	nor
Krannonas	properNoun	swe	Krannónas	properNoun	nor
Krapina	properNoun	swe	Krapina	properNoun	nor
Krapkowice	properNoun	swe	Krapkowice	properNoun	nor
Krasjeninnikov	properNoun	swe	Krasjeninnikov	properNoun	nor
Krasnaya Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Krasnaya Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Krasnij Lyman	properNoun	swe	Krasnij Liman	properNoun	nor
Krasnij Lyman	properNoun	swe	Krasnyj Lyman	properNoun	nor
Krasnoarmejsk	properNoun	swe	Krasnoarmejsk	properNoun	nor
Krasnoarmijsk	properNoun	swe	Krasnoarmijsk	properNoun	nor
Krasnodar kraj	properNoun	swe	Krasnodar kraj	properNoun	nor
Krasnodar kraj	properNoun	swe	Krasnodar	properNoun	nor
Krasnodar	properNoun	swe	Krasnodar	properNoun	nor
Krasnogorsk	properNoun	swe	Krasnogorsk	properNoun	nor
Krasnojarsk kraj	properNoun	swe	Krasnojarsk kraj	properNoun	nor
Krasnojarsk kraj	properNoun	swe	Krasnojarsk	properNoun	nor
Krasnojarsk	properNoun	swe	Krasnojarsk	properNoun	nor
Krasnokamensk	properNoun	swe	Krasnokamensk	properNoun	nor
Krasnoperekopsk	properNoun	swe	Krasnoperekopsk	properNoun	nor
Krasnoturjinsk	properNoun	swe	Krasnoturinsk	properNoun	nor
Krasnoturjinsk	properNoun	swe	Krasnoturjinsk	properNoun	nor
Krasnoufimsk	properNoun	swe	Krasnoufimsk	properNoun	nor
Krasnouralsk	properNoun	swe	Krasnouralsk	properNoun	nor
Krat Rocks	properNoun	swe	Krat Rocks	properNoun	nor
Krattigen	properNoun	swe	Krattigen	properNoun	nor
Krauchthal	properNoun	swe	Krauchthal	properNoun	nor
Kraut Rocks	properNoun	swe	Kraut Rocks	properNoun	nor
Krautheim	properNoun	swe	Krautheim	properNoun	nor
Kraśnik	properNoun	swe	Kraśnik	properNoun	nor
Kreiling Mesa	properNoun	swe	Kreiling Mesa	properNoun	nor
Krekel	properNoun	swe	Krekel	properNoun	nor
Krementjuk	properNoun	swe	Krementsjuk	properNoun	nor
Krementjukdammen	properNoun	swe	Krementsjuk-reservoaret	properNoun	nor
Kremlmuren	properNoun	swe	Kremlmuren	properNoun	nor
Kreuth	properNoun	swe	Kreuth	properNoun	nor
Kreuzbühl	properNoun	swe	Kreuzbühl	properNoun	nor
Kreuzlingen	properNoun	swe	Kreuzlingen	properNoun	nor
Kreuztal	properNoun	swe	Kreuztal	properNoun	nor
Kriechenwil	properNoun	swe	Kriechenwil	properNoun	nor
Krieg	properNoun	swe	Krieg	properNoun	nor
Kriegstetten	properNoun	swe	Kriegstetten	properNoun	nor
Krigsvold Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Krigsvold Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Krika	properNoun	swe	Krika	properNoun	nor
Kriken	properNoun	swe	Kriken	properNoun	nor
Krimbergen	properNoun	swe	Krimfjella	properNoun	nor
Krimbergen	properNoun	swe	Krimfjellene	properNoun	nor
Krinau	properNoun	swe	Krinau	properNoun	nor
Kring	properNoun	swe	Kring	properNoun	nor
Krishnafloden	properNoun	swe	Krishnaelven	properNoun	nor
Krishnafloden	properNoun	swe	Krishnaelva	properNoun	nor
Kristallpalatset	properNoun	swe	Krystallpalasset	properNoun	nor
Kristdala	properNoun	swe	Kristdala	properNoun	nor
Kristensen Rocks	properNoun	swe	Kristensen Rocks	properNoun	nor
Kristianopel	properNoun	swe	Kristianopel	properNoun	nor
Kristiansands djurpark	properNoun	swe	Kristiansand Dyrepark	properNoun	nor
Kristiansands domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Kristiansand domkirke	properNoun	nor
Kristiansands domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Kristiansand domkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Kristiansands kommun	properNoun	swe	Kristiansand kommune	properNoun	nor
Kristianstads kommun	properNoun	swe	Kristianstad kommune	properNoun	nor
Kristianstads län	properNoun	swe	Kristianstads län	properNoun	nor
Kristianstens fästning	properNoun	swe	Kristiansten festning	properNoun	nor
Kristineberg	properNoun	swe	Kristineberg	properNoun	nor
Kristinehamn	properNoun	swe	Kristinehamn	properNoun	nor
Kristinehamns kommun	properNoun	swe	Kristinehamn kommune	properNoun	nor
Kristus Frälsarens katedral	properNoun	swe	Frelsaren Kristus-katedralen	properNoun	nor
Kristus Frälsarens katedral	properNoun	swe	Frelseren Kristus-katedralen	properNoun	nor
Kristvallabrunn	properNoun	swe	Kristvallabrunn	properNoun	nor
Kristýna	properNoun	swe	Kristýna	properNoun	nor
Krk	properNoun	swe	Krk	properNoun	nor
Krka	properNoun	swe	Krka	properNoun	nor
Kroatiens geografi	properNoun	swe	Kroatias geografi	properNoun	nor
Kroatiens geografi	properNoun	swe	Kroatisk geografi	properNoun	nor
Krogmann Point	properNoun	swe	Krogmann Point	properNoun	nor
Krogsta	properNoun	swe	Krogsta	properNoun	nor
Krokeidet	properNoun	swe	Krokeide	properNoun	nor
Krokek	properNoun	swe	Krokek	properNoun	nor
Krokoms kommun	properNoun	swe	Krokom kommune	properNoun	nor
Krombach	properNoun	swe	Krombach	properNoun	nor
Kronau	properNoun	swe	Kronau	properNoun	nor
Krone	properNoun	swe	Krone	properNoun	nor
Kronenberg	properNoun	swe	Kronenberg	properNoun	nor
Kronobergs län	properNoun	swe	Kronobergs län	properNoun	nor
Kronohagen	properNoun	swe	Kronohagen	properNoun	nor
Kronprinsesse Märtha Kyst	properNoun	swe	Kronprinsesse Märtha Kyst	properNoun	nor
Kronprinsessegade	properNoun	swe	Kronprinsessegade	properNoun	nor
Kronstadt	properNoun	swe	Kronsjtadt	properNoun	nor
Krubersteinen	properNoun	swe	Krubersteinen	properNoun	nor
Krum Rock	properNoun	swe	Krum Rock	properNoun	nor
Krumm	properNoun	swe	Krumm	properNoun	nor
Kruševac	properNoun	swe	Kruševac	properNoun	nor
Krušje	properNoun	swe	Krušje	properNoun	nor
Krylov Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Krylov Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Krymsk	properNoun	swe	Krymsk	properNoun	nor
Kryvyj Rih	properNoun	swe	Kryvyj Rih	properNoun	nor
Krägga	properNoun	swe	Krägga	properNoun	nor
Kräppladiket	properNoun	swe	Kräppladiket	properNoun	nor
Kröning	properNoun	swe	Kröning	properNoun	nor
Kstovo	properNoun	swe	Kstovo	properNoun	nor
Ku Klux Klan	properNoun	swe	Ku Klux Klan	properNoun	nor
Kuala Kangsar	properNoun	swe	Kuala Kangsar	properNoun	nor
Kuala Lumpur	properNoun	swe	Kuala Lumpur	properNoun	nor
Kubakrisen	properNoun	swe	Cubakrisa	properNoun	nor
Kubakrisen	properNoun	swe	Cubakrisen	properNoun	nor
Kuban	properNoun	swe	Kuban	properNoun	nor
Kubbestolen	properNoun	swe	Kubbestolen	properNoun	nor
Kuben videregående skole	properNoun	swe	Kuben videregående skole	properNoun	nor
Kuberry Rocks	properNoun	swe	Kuberry Rocks	properNoun	nor
Kubinka	properNoun	swe	Kubinka	properNoun	nor
Kubrat Knoll	properNoun	swe	Kubrat Knoll	properNoun	nor
Kubusdalen	properNoun	swe	Kubusdalen	properNoun	nor
Kubusdælda	properNoun	swe	Kubusdælda	properNoun	nor
Kuching	properNoun	swe	Kuching	properNoun	nor
Kufstein	properNoun	swe	Kufstein	properNoun	nor
Kuhn Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Kuhn Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Kuipers	properNoun	swe	Kuipers	properNoun	nor
Kukeri Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Kukeri Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Kuklen Point	properNoun	swe	Kuklen Point	properNoun	nor
Kukri Hills	properNoun	swe	Kukri Hills	properNoun	nor
Kulim	properNoun	swe	Kulim	properNoun	nor
Kullaberg	properNoun	swe	Kullaberg	properNoun	nor
Kullavik	properNoun	swe	Kullavik	properNoun	nor
Kullens fyr	properNoun	swe	Kullens fyr	properNoun	nor
Kulltorp	properNoun	swe	Kulltorp	properNoun	nor
Kullu	properNoun	swe	Kullu	properNoun	nor
Kullö	properNoun	swe	Kullö	properNoun	nor
Kulm	properNoun	swe	Kulm	properNoun	nor
Kultsjön	properNoun	swe	Kultsjön	properNoun	nor
Kulturhistorisk museum	properNoun	swe	Kulturhistorisk museum	properNoun	nor
Kulturhuset	properNoun	swe	Kulturhuset	properNoun	nor
Kulturkirken Jakob	properNoun	swe	Kulturkirken Jakob	properNoun	nor
Kulturkirken Jakob	properNoun	swe	Kulturkyrkja Jakob	properNoun	nor
Kulturpalatset	properNoun	swe	Kultur- og vitenskapspalasset	properNoun	nor
Kulturpalatset	properNoun	swe	Kulturpalasset	properNoun	nor
Kulu	properNoun	swe	Kulu	properNoun	nor
Kumanovo	properNoun	swe	Kumanovo	properNoun	nor
Kumbakonam	properNoun	swe	Kumbakonam	properNoun	nor
Kumertau	properNoun	swe	Kumertau	properNoun	nor
Kumla kommun	properNoun	swe	Kumla kommune	properNoun	nor
Kumla kyrkby	properNoun	swe	Kumla kyrkby	properNoun	nor
Kummelnäs	properNoun	swe	Kummelnäs	properNoun	nor
Kumo älv	properNoun	swe	Kumo elv	properNoun	nor
Kumo älv	properNoun	swe	Kumo älv	properNoun	nor
Kumrovec	properNoun	swe	Kumrovec	properNoun	nor
Kunda	properNoun	swe	Kunda	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Aksum	properNoun	swe	Aksumriket	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Aksum	properNoun	swe	Kongeriket Aksum	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Aragonien	properNoun	swe	Kongedømet Aragón	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Aragonien	properNoun	swe	Kongedømmet Aragón	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Bayern	properNoun	swe	Kongedømet Bayern	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Bayern	properNoun	swe	Kongeriket Bayern	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Grekland	properNoun	swe	Kongedømet Hellas	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Grekland	properNoun	swe	Kongeriket Hellas	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Italien	properNoun	swe	Kongedømet Italia	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Italien	properNoun	swe	Kongedømmet Italia	properNoun	nor
Kungariket León	properNoun	swe	Kongedømet León	properNoun	nor
Kungariket León	properNoun	swe	Kongeriket León	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Navarra	properNoun	swe	Kongedømet Navarra	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Navarra	properNoun	swe	Kongedømmet Navarra	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Portugal	properNoun	swe	Kongedømet Portugal	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Rumänien	properNoun	swe	Kongedømet Romania	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Rumänien	properNoun	swe	Kongedømmet Romania	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Ungern	properNoun	swe	Kongedømet Ungarn	properNoun	nor
Kungariket Ungern	properNoun	swe	Kongedømmet Ungarn	properNoun	nor
Kungliga Musikaliska Akademien	properNoun	swe	Kungliga Musikaliska Akademien	properNoun	nor
Kungliga Operan	properNoun	swe	Kungliga Operan	properNoun	nor
Kungliga Operan	properNoun	swe	Stockholmsoperaen	properNoun	nor
Kungliga begravningsplatsen	properNoun	swe	Kungliga begravningsplatsen	properNoun	nor
Kungliga biblioteket	properNoun	swe	Kungliga biblioteket	properNoun	nor
Kungsbacka kommun	properNoun	swe	Kungsbacka kommune	properNoun	nor
Kungsbacka	properNoun	swe	Kungsbacka	properNoun	nor
Kungsbackafjorden	properNoun	swe	Kungsbackafjorden	properNoun	nor
Kungsbackaån	properNoun	swe	Kungsbackaån	properNoun	nor
Kungsberga	properNoun	swe	Kungsberga	properNoun	nor
Kungsgården	properNoun	swe	Kungsgården	properNoun	nor
Kungshamn	properNoun	swe	Kungshamn	properNoun	nor
Kungshatt	properNoun	swe	Kungshatt	properNoun	nor
Kungsholm	properNoun	swe	Kungsholm	properNoun	nor
Kungsholmen	properNoun	swe	Kungsholmen	properNoun	nor
Kungshult	properNoun	swe	Kungshult	properNoun	nor
Kungsängen	properNoun	swe	Kungsängen	properNoun	nor
Kungsäter	properNoun	swe	Kungsäter	properNoun	nor
Kungsörs kommun	properNoun	swe	Kungsör kommune	properNoun	nor
Kungälv	properNoun	swe	Kungälv	properNoun	nor
Kungälvs kommun	properNoun	swe	Kungälv kommune	properNoun	nor
Kunlun	properNoun	swe	Kunlun	properNoun	nor
Kunlun	properNoun	swe	Kunlunfjellene	properNoun	nor
Kuno Point	properNoun	swe	Kuno Point	properNoun	nor
Kunsthøgskolen i Oslo	properNoun	swe	Kunsthøgskolen i Oslo	properNoun	nor
Kuortane	properNoun	swe	Kuortane	properNoun	nor
Kupa	properNoun	swe	Kupa	properNoun	nor
Kupfer	properNoun	swe	Kupfer	properNoun	nor
Kupferberg	properNoun	swe	Kupferberg	properNoun	nor
Kupferzell	properNoun	swe	Kupferzell	properNoun	nor
Kupjansk	properNoun	swe	Kupjansk	properNoun	nor
Kura	properNoun	swe	Kura	properNoun	nor
Kurdistan	properNoun	swe	Kurdistan	properNoun	nor
Kuressaare	properNoun	swe	Kuressaare	properNoun	nor
Kurfurstendömet Köln	properNoun	swe	Kurfyrstedømet Köln	properNoun	nor
Kurfurstendömet Köln	properNoun	swe	Kurfyrstedømmet Köln	properNoun	nor
Kurfurstendömet Trier	properNoun	swe	Kurfyrstedømet Trier	properNoun	nor
Kurgan oblast	properNoun	swe	Kurgan oblast	properNoun	nor
Kurgan oblast	properNoun	swe	Kurgan	properNoun	nor
Kurgan	properNoun	swe	Kurgan	properNoun	nor
Kurilerna	properNoun	swe	Kurilane	properNoun	nor
Kurilerna	properNoun	swe	Kurilene	properNoun	nor
Kurilo Point	properNoun	swe	Kurilo Point	properNoun	nor
Kurilo	properNoun	swe	Kurilo	properNoun	nor
Kurilsk	properNoun	swe	Kurilsk	properNoun	nor
Kuriska näset	properNoun	swe	Den kuriske landtunga	properNoun	nor
Kuriska näset	properNoun	swe	Den kuriske landtunge	properNoun	nor
Kuriska sjön	properNoun	swe	Den kuriske bukta	properNoun	nor
Kuriska sjön	properNoun	swe	Den kuriske bukten	properNoun	nor
Kurl	properNoun	swe	Kurl	properNoun	nor
Kurri Kurri	properNoun	swe	Kurri Kurri	properNoun	nor
Kursk oblast	properNoun	swe	Kursk oblast	properNoun	nor
Kursk oblast	properNoun	swe	Kursk	properNoun	nor
Kursk	properNoun	swe	Kursk	properNoun	nor
Kurtenbach	properNoun	swe	Kurtenbach	properNoun	nor
Kurzefjella	properNoun	swe	Kurzefjella	properNoun	nor
Kurów	properNoun	swe	Kurów	properNoun	nor
Kurówka	properNoun	swe	Kurówka	properNoun	nor
Kusbölehelvetet	properNoun	swe	Kusbölehelvetet	properNoun	nor
Kusjva	properNoun	swe	Kusjva	properNoun	nor
Kusmark	properNoun	swe	Kusmark	properNoun	nor
Kusunoki	properNoun	swe	Kusunoki	properNoun	nor
Kutaisi	properNoun	swe	Kutaisi	properNoun	nor
Kutná Hora	properNoun	swe	Kutná Hora	properNoun	nor
Kuttainen	properNoun	swe	Kuttainen	properNoun	nor
Kutzleben	properNoun	swe	Kutzleben	properNoun	nor
Kuusamo	properNoun	swe	Kuusamo	properNoun	nor
Kuusankoski	properNoun	swe	Kuusankoski	properNoun	nor
Kuvungen	properNoun	swe	Kuvungen	properNoun	nor
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation	properNoun	swe	Kuwait Petroleum Corporation	properNoun	nor
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation	properNoun	swe	Q8	properNoun	nor
Kuzman Knoll	properNoun	swe	Kuzman Knoll	properNoun	nor
Kuznetsk	properNoun	swe	Kuznetsk	properNoun	nor
Kuznetskij Alatau	properNoun	swe	Kuznetsk Alatau	properNoun	nor
Kvalsundsbron	properNoun	swe	Kvalsundbrua	properNoun	nor
Kvarken	properNoun	swe	Kvarken	properNoun	nor
Kvarnbergsvattnet	properNoun	swe	Kvarnbergsvattnet	properNoun	nor
Kvarnerviken	properNoun	swe	Kvarnerbukta	properNoun	nor
Kvarnsjön	properNoun	swe	Kvarnsjön	properNoun	nor
Kvenvik	properNoun	swe	Kvenvik	properNoun	nor
Kvernes stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Kvernes stavkirke	properNoun	nor
Kvernes stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Kvernes stavkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Kvibergs kyrkogård	properNoun	swe	Kvibergs kyrkogård	properNoun	nor
Kvibille	properNoun	swe	Kvibille	properNoun	nor
Kvicksund	properNoun	swe	Kvicksund	properNoun	nor
Kvidinge	properNoun	swe	Kvidinge	properNoun	nor
Kvikne kyrka	properNoun	swe	Kvikne kirke	properNoun	nor
Kvikne kyrka	properNoun	swe	Kvikne kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Kvillsfors	properNoun	swe	Kvillsfors	properNoun	nor
Kvina	properNoun	swe	Kvina	properNoun	nor
Kvinge Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Kvinge Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Kvinnherad kyrka	properNoun	swe	Kvinnherad kirke	properNoun	nor
Kvinnherad kyrka	properNoun	swe	Kvinnherad kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Kvisljungeby	properNoun	swe	Kvisljungeby	properNoun	nor
Kvissleby	properNoun	swe	Kvissleby	properNoun	nor
Kvitnes	properNoun	swe	Kvitnes	properNoun	nor
Kvitskarvet	properNoun	swe	Kvitskarvet	properNoun	nor
Kvitsvodene	properNoun	swe	Kvitsvodene	properNoun	nor
Kvänum	properNoun	swe	Kvänum	properNoun	nor
Kvärlöv	properNoun	swe	Kvärlöv	properNoun	nor
Kvævenutane	properNoun	swe	Kvævenutane	properNoun	nor
Kvíslavatn	properNoun	swe	Kvíslavatn	properNoun	nor
Kwidzyn	properNoun	swe	Kwidzyn	properNoun	nor
Kykladerna	properNoun	swe	Kykladane	properNoun	nor
Kykladerna	properNoun	swe	Kykladene	properNoun	nor
Kyle Cone	properNoun	swe	Kyle Cone	properNoun	nor
Kyle Hills	properNoun	swe	Kyle Hills	properNoun	nor
Kyle Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Kyle Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Kyllini	properNoun	swe	Kyllíni	properNoun	nor
Kymendö	properNoun	swe	Kymmendö	properNoun	nor
Kymmene älv	properNoun	swe	Kymmene älv	properNoun	nor
Kymmenedalen	properNoun	swe	Kymmenedalen	properNoun	nor
Kynö	properNoun	swe	Kihnu	properNoun	nor
Kyparissia	properNoun	swe	Kyparissía	properNoun	nor
Kyrenia	properNoun	swe	Kyrínia	properNoun	nor
Kyreniabergen	properNoun	swe	Kyreniafjellene	properNoun	nor
Kyreniabergen	properNoun	swe	Kyríniafjella	properNoun	nor
Kyrkheddinge	properNoun	swe	Kyrkheddinge	properNoun	nor
Kyrkjeskipet	properNoun	swe	Kyrkjeskipet	properNoun	nor
Kyrkostaten	properNoun	swe	Kirkestaten	properNoun	nor
Kyrkostaten	properNoun	swe	Kyrkjestaten	properNoun	nor
Kyrkslätt	properNoun	swe	Kyrkslätt	properNoun	nor
Kyrksten	properNoun	swe	Kyrksten	properNoun	nor
Kythera	properNoun	swe	Kythira	properNoun	nor
Kythera	properNoun	swe	Kýthira	properNoun	nor
Kythnos	properNoun	swe	Kythnos	properNoun	nor
Kythnos	properNoun	swe	Kýthnos	properNoun	nor
Kytö	properNoun	swe	Kytö	properNoun	nor
Kyzyl Kum	properNoun	swe	Kysylkum	properNoun	nor
Kyzyl Kum	properNoun	swe	Kyzyl Kum	properNoun	nor
Kyzyl	properNoun	swe	Kyzyl	properNoun	nor
Kälarne	properNoun	swe	Kälarne	properNoun	nor
Källby	properNoun	swe	Källby	properNoun	nor
Källtorpssjön	properNoun	swe	Källtorpssjön	properNoun	nor
Känerkinden	properNoun	swe	Känerkinden	properNoun	nor
Kärda	properNoun	swe	Kärda	properNoun	nor
Kärna	properNoun	swe	Kärna	properNoun	nor
Kärnten	properNoun	swe	Kärnten	properNoun	nor
Kärnvapenprov	properNoun	swe	Prøvesprenging	properNoun	nor
Kärnvapenprov	properNoun	swe	prøvesprengning	properNoun	nor
Kärpf	properNoun	swe	Kärpf	properNoun	nor
Kärrsjön	properNoun	swe	Kärrsjön	properNoun	nor
Kärsta och Bredsdal	properNoun	swe	Kärsta och Bredsdal	properNoun	nor
Kättilstorp	properNoun	swe	Kättilstorp	properNoun	nor
Kävlinge kommun	properNoun	swe	Kävlinge kommune	properNoun	nor
Kävlinge	properNoun	swe	Kävlinge	properNoun	nor
Kävlingeån	properNoun	swe	Kävlingeån	properNoun	nor
Kåfjord	properNoun	swe	Kåfjorden	properNoun	nor
Kåfjords kyrka	properNoun	swe	Kåfjord kirke	properNoun	nor
Kåfjords kyrka	properNoun	swe	Kåfjord kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Kåge	properNoun	swe	Kåge	properNoun	nor
Kågeröd	properNoun	swe	Kågeröd	properNoun	nor
Kågeälven	properNoun	swe	Kågeälven	properNoun	nor
Kåhög	properNoun	swe	Kåhög	properNoun	nor
Kållandsö	properNoun	swe	Kållandsö	properNoun	nor
Kållekärr	properNoun	swe	Kållekärr	properNoun	nor
Kållered	properNoun	swe	Kållered	properNoun	nor
Kånna	properNoun	swe	Kånna	properNoun	nor
Kårsta	properNoun	swe	Kårsta	properNoun	nor
Kærup	properNoun	swe	Kærup	properNoun	nor
Kékes	properNoun	swe	Kékes	properNoun	nor
Kópavogur	properNoun	swe	Kópavogur	properNoun	nor
Kökar	properNoun	swe	Kökar	properNoun	nor
Köksjetau	properNoun	swe	Koksjetau	properNoun	nor
Kölliken	properNoun	swe	Kölliken	properNoun	nor
Kölnerdomen	properNoun	swe	Kölnerdomen	properNoun	nor
Königsbergs sju broar	properNoun	swe	Dei sju bruene i Königsberg	properNoun	nor
Königsbronn	properNoun	swe	Königsbronn	properNoun	nor
Königsdorf	properNoun	swe	Königsdorf	properNoun	nor
Königseggwald	properNoun	swe	Königseggwald	properNoun	nor
Königshütte	properNoun	swe	Königshütte	properNoun	nor
Königslutter am Elm	properNoun	swe	Königslutter am Elm	properNoun	nor
Königslutter	properNoun	swe	Königslutter	properNoun	nor
Königsmoor	properNoun	swe	Königsmoor	properNoun	nor
Königssee	properNoun	swe	Königssee	properNoun	nor
Königstor	properNoun	swe	Königstor	properNoun	nor
Königswinter	properNoun	swe	Königswinter	properNoun	nor
Köniz	properNoun	swe	Köniz	properNoun	nor
Könkämäälven	properNoun	swe	Könkämäälven	properNoun	nor
Könnern	properNoun	swe	Könnern	properNoun	nor
Köpenhamns amt	properNoun	swe	Københavns amt	properNoun	nor
Köpenhamns kommun	properNoun	swe	København kommune	properNoun	nor
Köpenhamns universitet	properNoun	swe	Københavns Universitet	properNoun	nor
Köping	properNoun	swe	Köping	properNoun	nor
Köpingebro	properNoun	swe	Köpingebro	properNoun	nor
Köpings kommun	properNoun	swe	Köping kommune	properNoun	nor
Köpingsvik	properNoun	swe	Köpingsvik	properNoun	nor
Köpmanholm	properNoun	swe	Köpmanholm	properNoun	nor
Köpmanholmen	properNoun	swe	Köpmanholmen	properNoun	nor
Köpmannebro	properNoun	swe	Köpmannebro	properNoun	nor
Köprüçay	properNoun	swe	Kopru su	properNoun	nor
Köprüçay	properNoun	swe	Köprüçay	properNoun	nor
Körner	properNoun	swe	Körner	properNoun	nor
Körös	properNoun	swe	Körös	properNoun	nor
Kösen	properNoun	swe	Kösen	properNoun	nor
Köterberg	properNoun	swe	Köterberg	properNoun	nor
Købmagergade	properNoun	swe	Købmagergade	properNoun	nor
Køge kommun	properNoun	swe	Køge kommune	properNoun	nor
Küblis	properNoun	swe	Küblis	properNoun	nor
Külsheim	properNoun	swe	Külsheim	properNoun	nor
Kümmel	properNoun	swe	Kümmel	properNoun	nor
Kümpel	properNoun	swe	Kümpel	properNoun	nor
Künten	properNoun	swe	Künten	properNoun	nor
Künzelsau	properNoun	swe	Künzelsau	properNoun	nor
Kürnbach	properNoun	swe	Kürnbach	properNoun	nor
Kürten	properNoun	swe	Kürten	properNoun	nor
Küssnacht	properNoun	swe	Küssnacht	properNoun	nor
Küsten	properNoun	swe	Küsten	properNoun	nor
Kütahya	properNoun	swe	Kütahya	properNoun	nor
Küttigen	properNoun	swe	Küttigen	properNoun	nor
Küttigkofen	properNoun	swe	Küttigkofen	properNoun	nor
Kırklareli	properNoun	swe	Kırklareli	properNoun	nor
Kırıkkale	properNoun	swe	Kırıkkale	properNoun	nor
Kırşehir	properNoun	swe	Kırşehir	properNoun	nor
Kızılcahamam	properNoun	swe	Kızılcahamam	properNoun	nor
Kızılırmak	properNoun	swe	Kızılırmak	properNoun	nor
Kłodzko	properNoun	swe	Kłodzko	properNoun	nor
LOT Polish Airlines	properNoun	swe	LOT Polish Airlines	properNoun	nor
La Breya	properNoun	swe	La Breya	properNoun	nor
La Brillaz	properNoun	swe	La Brillaz	properNoun	nor
La Brévine	properNoun	swe	La Brévine	properNoun	nor
La Cassorte	properNoun	swe	La Cassorte	properNoun	nor
La Châtre	properNoun	swe	La Châtre	properNoun	nor
La Colorada	properNoun	swe	La Colorada	properNoun	nor
La Coruña	properNoun	swe	La Coruña	properNoun	nor
La Count Mountain	properNoun	swe	La Count Mountain	properNoun	nor
La Crosse	properNoun	swe	La Crosse	properNoun	nor
La Fava	properNoun	swe	La Fava	properNoun	nor
La Fayette	properNoun	swe	LaFayette	properNoun	nor
La Ferrière	properNoun	swe	La Ferrière	properNoun	nor
La Flèche	properNoun	swe	La Flèche	properNoun	nor
La Folliaz	properNoun	swe	La Folliaz	properNoun	nor
La Glace	properNoun	swe	La Glace	properNoun	nor
La Gomera	properNoun	swe	La Gomera	properNoun	nor
La Graciosa	properNoun	swe	La Graciosa	properNoun	nor
La Grange Nunataks	properNoun	swe	La Grange Nunataks	properNoun	nor
La Grange	properNoun	swe	La Grange	properNoun	nor
La Guajira	properNoun	swe	La Guajira	properNoun	nor
La Habra	properNoun	swe	La Habra	properNoun	nor
La Heutte	properNoun	swe	La Heutte	properNoun	nor
La Laguna	properNoun	swe	La Laguna	properNoun	nor
La Libertad	properNoun	swe	La Libertad	properNoun	nor
La Luette	properNoun	swe	La Luette	properNoun	nor
La Línea de la Concepción	properNoun	swe	La Línea de la Concepción	properNoun	nor
La Maddalena	properNoun	swe	La Maddalena	properNoun	nor
La Manga	properNoun	swe	La Manga	properNoun	nor
La Molina	properNoun	swe	La Molina	properNoun	nor
La Neuveville	properNoun	swe	La Neuveville	properNoun	nor
La Nouvelle	properNoun	swe	La Nouvelle	properNoun	nor
La Paix	properNoun	swe	La Paix	properNoun	nor
La Palma	properNoun	swe	La Palma	properNoun	nor
La Paz	properNoun	swe	La Paz	properNoun	nor
La Pedriza	properNoun	swe	La Pedriza	properNoun	nor
La Pocatière	properNoun	swe	La Pocatière	properNoun	nor
La Punta	properNoun	swe	La Punta	properNoun	nor
La Pérousesundet	properNoun	swe	La Pérouse-stredet	properNoun	nor
La Pérousesundet	properNoun	swe	La Pérouse-sundet	properNoun	nor
La Rioja	properNoun	swe	La Rioja	properNoun	nor
La Rippe	properNoun	swe	La Rippe	properNoun	nor
La Roche	properNoun	swe	La Roche	properNoun	nor
La Rochelle	properNoun	swe	La Rochelle	properNoun	nor
La Ruinette	properNoun	swe	La Ruinette	properNoun	nor
La Sagne	properNoun	swe	La Sagne	properNoun	nor
La Sale	properNoun	swe	La Sâle	properNoun	nor
La Sarraz	properNoun	swe	La Sarraz	properNoun	nor
La Sauvetat	properNoun	swe	La Sauvetat	properNoun	nor
La Sonnaz	properNoun	swe	La Sonnaz	properNoun	nor
La Spezia	properNoun	swe	La Spezia	properNoun	nor
La Tène	properNoun	swe	La Tène	properNoun	nor
La Verne	properNoun	swe	La Verne	properNoun	nor
La Verrerie	properNoun	swe	La Verrerie	properNoun	nor
LaForrest Rock	properNoun	swe	LaForrest Rock	properNoun	nor
LaPrade Valley	properNoun	swe	LaPrade Valley	properNoun	nor
Laach	properNoun	swe	Laach	properNoun	nor
Laacher See	properNoun	swe	Laacher See	properNoun	nor
Laager Point	properNoun	swe	Laager Point	properNoun	nor
Laake	properNoun	swe	Laake	properNoun	nor
Laatzen	properNoun	swe	Laatzen	properNoun	nor
Laax	properNoun	swe	Laax	properNoun	nor
Labbas	properNoun	swe	Labbas	properNoun	nor
Labbé Point	properNoun	swe	Labbé Point	properNoun	nor
Labinsk	properNoun	swe	Labinsk	properNoun	nor
Labrador City	properNoun	swe	Labrador City	properNoun	nor
Labradorhalvön	properNoun	swe	Labrador-halvøya	properNoun	nor
Labradorhavet	properNoun	swe	Labradorsjøen	properNoun	nor
Lac Brenet	properNoun	swe	Lac Brenet	properNoun	nor
Lac de Derborence	properNoun	swe	Lac de Derborence	properNoun	nor
Lac de Fully	properNoun	swe	Lac de Fully	properNoun	nor
Lac de Joux	properNoun	swe	Lac de Joux	properNoun	nor
Lac souterrain	properNoun	swe	Lac souterrain	properNoun	nor
Lacchini	properNoun	swe	Lacchini	properNoun	nor
Lachine	properNoun	swe	Lachine	properNoun	nor
Lachman Crags	properNoun	swe	Lachman Crags	properNoun	nor
Laclavère Plateau	properNoun	swe	Laclavere Plateau	properNoun	nor
Laconnex	properNoun	swe	Laconnex	properNoun	nor
Ladakh	properNoun	swe	Ladakh	properNoun	nor
Ladbergen	properNoun	swe	Ladbergen	properNoun	nor
Ladelund	properNoun	swe	Ladelund	properNoun	nor
Ladenburg	properNoun	swe	Ladenburg	properNoun	nor
Ladir	properNoun	swe	Ladir	properNoun	nor
Ladoga	properNoun	swe	Ladoga	properNoun	nor
Ladtjojaure	properNoun	swe	Ladtjojaure	properNoun	nor
Laduviken	properNoun	swe	Laduviken	properNoun	nor
Laer	properNoun	swe	Laer	properNoun	nor
Lafarge	properNoun	swe	Lafarge	properNoun	nor
Lagally	properNoun	swe	Lagally	properNoun	nor
Lagan	properNoun	swe	Lagan	properNoun	nor
Lagarfljót	properNoun	swe	Lagarfljót	properNoun	nor
Lage	properNoun	swe	Lage	properNoun	nor
Lagginhorn	properNoun	swe	Lagginhorn	properNoun	nor
Lago Maggiore	properNoun	swe	Lago Maggiore	properNoun	nor
Lago Nero	properNoun	swe	Lago Nero	properNoun	nor
Lago Ritom	properNoun	swe	Lago Ritom	properNoun	nor
Lago Sfundau	properNoun	swe	Lago Sfundau	properNoun	nor
Lago Tremorgio	properNoun	swe	Lago Tremorgio	properNoun	nor
Lago di Lucendro	properNoun	swe	Lago di Lucendro	properNoun	nor
Lago di Nemi	properNoun	swe	Lago di Nemi	properNoun	nor
Lago di Poschiavo	properNoun	swe	Lago di Poschiavo	properNoun	nor
Lago di Saoseo	properNoun	swe	Lago di Saoseo	properNoun	nor
Laguna Hill	properNoun	swe	Laguna Hill	properNoun	nor
Lagunen Storsenter	properNoun	swe	Lagunen Storsenter	properNoun	nor
Lahaye	properNoun	swe	Lahaye	properNoun	nor
Lahde	properNoun	swe	Lahde	properNoun	nor
Lahdenpohja	properNoun	swe	Lakhdenpokhja	properNoun	nor
Lahemaa nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Lahemaa nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Láhko nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Láhku nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Lahn	properNoun	swe	Lahn	properNoun	nor
Lahnstein	properNoun	swe	Lahnstein	properNoun	nor
Laholm	properNoun	swe	Laholm	properNoun	nor
Laholms kommun	properNoun	swe	Laholm kommune	properNoun	nor
Láhpoluoppal	properNoun	swe	Láhpoluoppal	properNoun	nor
Lahr	properNoun	swe	Lahr	properNoun	nor
Lahtis	properNoun	swe	Lahti	properNoun	nor
Lahtis	properNoun	swe	Lahtis	properNoun	nor
Laibin	properNoun	swe	Laibin	properNoun	nor
Laiksjö	properNoun	swe	Laiksjö	properNoun	nor
Lainate	properNoun	swe	Lainate	properNoun	nor
Laine Hills	properNoun	swe	Laine Hills	properNoun	nor
Lainez	properNoun	swe	Lainez	properNoun	nor
Lainioälven	properNoun	swe	Lainioälven	properNoun	nor
Laird Plateau	properNoun	swe	Laird Plateau	properNoun	nor
Laisan	properNoun	swe	Laisan	properNoun	nor
Laisjevo	properNoun	swe	Laisjevo	properNoun	nor
Laitaure	properNoun	swe	Laitaure	properNoun	nor
Laiwu	properNoun	swe	Laiwu	properNoun	nor
Lakatnik Point	properNoun	swe	Lakatnik Point	properNoun	nor
Lake Creek	properNoun	swe	Lake Creek	properNoun	nor
Lake Forest	properNoun	swe	Lake Forest	properNoun	nor
Lake Geneva	properNoun	swe	Lake Geneva	properNoun	nor
Lake Havasu City	properNoun	swe	Lake Havasu City	properNoun	nor
Lake Ohau	properNoun	swe	Lake Ohau	properNoun	nor
Lake Placid	properNoun	swe	Lake Placid	properNoun	nor
Lake Pukaki	properNoun	swe	Lake Pukaki	properNoun	nor
Lake Tekapo	properNoun	swe	Lake Tekapo	properNoun	nor
Lake Vyrnwy	properNoun	swe	Lake Vyrnwy	properNoun	nor
Laki	properNoun	swe	Laki	properNoun	nor
Lakonien	properNoun	swe	Lakonia	properNoun	nor
Lakonien	properNoun	swe	Lakonía	properNoun	nor
Lakselva	properNoun	swe	Lakselva	properNoun	nor
Laksjøen	properNoun	swe	Laksjøen	properNoun	nor
Lamb Holm	properNoun	swe	Lamb Holm	properNoun	nor
Lambach	properNoun	swe	Lambach	properNoun	nor
Lambayeque	properNoun	swe	Lambayeque	properNoun	nor
Lambeck	properNoun	swe	Lambeck	properNoun	nor
Lambert Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lambert Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lambertglaciären	properNoun	swe	Lambertbreen	properNoun	nor
Lamboing	properNoun	swe	Lamboing	properNoun	nor
Lambro	properNoun	swe	Lambro	properNoun	nor
Lamia	properNoun	swe	Lamia	properNoun	nor
Lamia	properNoun	swe	Lamía	properNoun	nor
Lamme	properNoun	swe	Lamme	properNoun	nor
Lammenhorn	properNoun	swe	Lammenhorn	properNoun	nor
Lammhult	properNoun	swe	Lammhult	properNoun	nor
Lampedusa	properNoun	swe	Lampedusa	properNoun	nor
Lampeland	properNoun	swe	Lampeland	properNoun	nor
Lampenberg	properNoun	swe	Lampenberg	properNoun	nor
Lampitt Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lampitt Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lamspringe	properNoun	swe	Lamspringe	properNoun	nor
Lamstedt	properNoun	swe	Lamstedt	properNoun	nor
Lancashire	properNoun	swe	Lancashire	properNoun	nor
Lancastersundet	properNoun	swe	Lancastersundet	properNoun	nor
Lance Rocks	properNoun	swe	Lance Rocks	properNoun	nor
Lanciano	properNoun	swe	Lanciano	properNoun	nor
Lancy	properNoun	swe	Lancy	properNoun	nor
Landanspråk på Antarktis	properNoun	swe	Kravområde i Antarktis	properNoun	nor
Landau an der Isar	properNoun	swe	Landau an der Isar	properNoun	nor
Landau in der Pfalz	properNoun	swe	Landau in der Pfalz	properNoun	nor
Landau	properNoun	swe	Landau	properNoun	nor
Landeck	properNoun	swe	Landeck	properNoun	nor
Landen Ridge	properNoun	swe	Landen Ridge	properNoun	nor
Landeryd	properNoun	swe	Landeryd	properNoun	nor
Landes	properNoun	swe	Landes	properNoun	nor
Landfjärden	properNoun	swe	Landfjärden	properNoun	nor
Landiswil	properNoun	swe	Landiswil	properNoun	nor
Landkreis Ahrweiler	properNoun	swe	Landkreis Ahrweiler	properNoun	nor
Landmark Point	properNoun	swe	Landmark Point	properNoun	nor
Landolt	properNoun	swe	Landolt	properNoun	nor
Landon Promontory	properNoun	swe	Landon Promontory	properNoun	nor
Landquart	properNoun	swe	Landquart	properNoun	nor
Lands End Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Lands End Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Landsberg am Lech	properNoun	swe	Landsberg am Lech	properNoun	nor
Landsbro	properNoun	swe	Landsbro	properNoun	nor
Landshut	properNoun	swe	Landshut	properNoun	nor
Landskrona kommun	properNoun	swe	Landskrona kommune	properNoun	nor
Landstuhl	properNoun	swe	Landstuhl	properNoun	nor
Landvetter	properNoun	swe	Landvetter	properNoun	nor
Landwasser	properNoun	swe	Landwasser	properNoun	nor
Landwehr	properNoun	swe	Landwehr	properNoun	nor
Landösjön	properNoun	swe	Landösjön	properNoun	nor
Lang Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lang Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Langebro	properNoun	swe	Langebro	properNoun	nor
Langelinie	properNoun	swe	Langelinie	properNoun	nor
Langelsheim	properNoun	swe	Langelsheim	properNoun	nor
Langemark	properNoun	swe	Langemark	properNoun	nor
Langenargen	properNoun	swe	Langenargen	properNoun	nor
Langenbach	properNoun	swe	Langenbach	properNoun	nor
Langenberg	properNoun	swe	Langenberg	properNoun	nor
Langenbochum	properNoun	swe	Langenbochum	properNoun	nor
Langenbruck	properNoun	swe	Langenbruck	properNoun	nor
Langenburg	properNoun	swe	Langenburg	properNoun	nor
Langendorf	properNoun	swe	Langendorf	properNoun	nor
Langendreer	properNoun	swe	Langendreer	properNoun	nor
Langeneß	properNoun	swe	Langeneß	properNoun	nor
Langenhagen	properNoun	swe	Langenhagen	properNoun	nor
Langenhorn	properNoun	swe	Langenhorn	properNoun	nor
Langenkamp	properNoun	swe	Langenkamp	properNoun	nor
Langensee	properNoun	swe	Langensee	properNoun	nor
Langenthal	properNoun	swe	Langenthal	properNoun	nor
Langeoog	properNoun	swe	Langeoog	properNoun	nor
Langerwehe	properNoun	swe	Langerwehe	properNoun	nor
Langesundsfjorden	properNoun	swe	Langesundsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Langewiesen	properNoun	swe	Langewiesen	properNoun	nor
Langfang	properNoun	swe	Langfang	properNoun	nor
Langfjords kyrka	properNoun	swe	Langfjord kirke	properNoun	nor
Langfjords kyrka	properNoun	swe	Langfjord kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Langfossen	properNoun	swe	Langfoss	properNoun	nor
Langfossen	properNoun	swe	Langfossen	properNoun	nor
Langhovde	properNoun	swe	Langhovde	properNoun	nor
Langisjór	properNoun	swe	Langisjór	properNoun	nor
Langjökull	properNoun	swe	Langjökull	properNoun	nor
Langley	properNoun	swe	Langley	properNoun	nor
Langnau am Albis	properNoun	swe	Langnau am Albis	properNoun	nor
Langnau im Emmental	properNoun	swe	Langnau im Emmental	properNoun	nor
Langon	properNoun	swe	Langon	properNoun	nor
Langres	properNoun	swe	Langres	properNoun	nor
Langscheid	properNoun	swe	Langscheid	properNoun	nor
Langset	properNoun	swe	Langset	properNoun	nor
Languedoc	properNoun	swe	Languedoc	properNoun	nor
Langway	properNoun	swe	Langway	properNoun	nor
Langwedel	properNoun	swe	Langwedel	properNoun	nor
Langwies	properNoun	swe	Langwies	properNoun	nor
Langøya	properNoun	swe	Langøya	properNoun	nor
Lanken	properNoun	swe	Lanken	properNoun	nor
Lanna	properNoun	swe	Lanna	properNoun	nor
Lannion	properNoun	swe	Lannion	properNoun	nor
Lans	properNoun	swe	Lans	properNoun	nor
Lansing	properNoun	swe	Lansing	properNoun	nor
Lanterman Range	properNoun	swe	Lanterman Range	properNoun	nor
Lanusei	properNoun	swe	Lanusei	properNoun	nor
Lanuvio	properNoun	swe	Lanuvio	properNoun	nor
Lanzarote	properNoun	swe	Lanzarote	properNoun	nor
Lanze	properNoun	swe	Lanze	properNoun	nor
Lanzenkirchen	properNoun	swe	Lanzenkirchen	properNoun	nor
Lanzerotti	properNoun	swe	Lanzerotti	properNoun	nor
Lanzhou	properNoun	swe	Lanzhou	properNoun	nor
Lao	properNoun	swe	Lao	properNoun	nor
Laois	properNoun	swe	Laois	properNoun	nor
Laos	properNoun	swe	Laos	properNoun	nor
Lapidary Point	properNoun	swe	Lapidary Point	properNoun	nor
Laponia	properNoun	swe	Laponia	properNoun	nor
Lappajärvi sjö	properNoun	swe	Lappajärvisjøen	properNoun	nor
Lappkärret	properNoun	swe	Lappkärret	properNoun	nor
Lapplands län	properNoun	swe	Lapplands län	properNoun	nor
Lapporten	properNoun	swe	Lapporten	properNoun	nor
Laptevhavet	properNoun	swe	Laptevhavet	properNoun	nor
Laputa Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Laputa Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Lara	properNoun	swe	Lara	properNoun	nor
Laranjal do Jari	properNoun	swe	Laranjal do Jari	properNoun	nor
Larga Valley	properNoun	swe	Larga Valley	properNoun	nor
Large Hadron Collider	properNoun	swe	Large Hadron Collider	properNoun	nor
Largentière	properNoun	swe	Largentière	properNoun	nor
Larkman Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Larkman Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Larnaca	properNoun	swe	Larnaka	properNoun	nor
Lars Christensentoppen	properNoun	swe	Lars Christensentoppen	properNoun	nor
Larsemannbergen	properNoun	swe	Larsemann Hills	properNoun	nor
Larsemannbergen	properNoun	swe	Larsemannfjella	properNoun	nor
Larson Crag	properNoun	swe	Larson Crag	properNoun	nor
Larson Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Larson Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Larv	properNoun	swe	Larv	properNoun	nor
Larviksfjorden	properNoun	swe	Larviksfjorden	properNoun	nor
Las Palmas de Gran Canaria	properNoun	swe	Las Palmas de Gran Canaria	properNoun	nor
Las Palmas de Gran Canaria	properNoun	swe	Las Palmas	properNoun	nor
Las Palmas	properNoun	swe	Las Palmas	properNoun	nor
Las Parejas	properNoun	swe	Las Parejas	properNoun	nor
Las Rozas	properNoun	swe	Las Rozas	properNoun	nor
Las Tunas	properNoun	swe	Las Tunas	properNoun	nor
Las Vegas	properNoun	swe	Las Vegas	properNoun	nor
Lashly Mountains	properNoun	swe	Lashly Mountains	properNoun	nor
Lasithi	properNoun	swe	Lasithi	properNoun	nor
Lasithi	properNoun	swe	Lasíthi	properNoun	nor
Lassiter	properNoun	swe	Lassiter	properNoun	nor
Lassus Mountains	properNoun	swe	Lassus Mountains	properNoun	nor
Last Cache Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Last Cache Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lastovo	properNoun	swe	Lastovo	properNoun	nor
Lašva	properNoun	swe	Lašva	properNoun	nor
Latakia	properNoun	swe	Latakia	properNoun	nor
Latakia	properNoun	swe	Lattakia	properNoun	nor
Latelhorn	properNoun	swe	Latelhorn	properNoun	nor
Lathen	properNoun	swe	Lathen	properNoun	nor
Latin Quarter	properNoun	swe	Latin Quarter	properNoun	nor
Latina	properNoun	swe	Latina	properNoun	nor
Lauberhorn	properNoun	swe	Lauberhorn	properNoun	nor
Laubeuffjorden	properNoun	swe	Laubeuf Fjord	properNoun	nor
Laubeuffjorden	properNoun	swe	Laubeuffjorden	properNoun	nor
Lauchert	properNoun	swe	Lauchert	properNoun	nor
Lauchhammer	properNoun	swe	Lauchhammer	properNoun	nor
Lauchheim	properNoun	swe	Lauchheim	properNoun	nor
Lauenau	properNoun	swe	Lauenau	properNoun	nor
Lauenberg	properNoun	swe	Lauenberg	properNoun	nor
Lauenen	properNoun	swe	Lauenen	properNoun	nor
Lauenensee	properNoun	swe	Lauenensee	properNoun	nor
Laufen	properNoun	swe	Laufen	properNoun	nor
Laufenburg	properNoun	swe	Laufenburg	properNoun	nor
Lauffen am Neckar	properNoun	swe	Lauffen am Neckar	properNoun	nor
Launceston	properNoun	swe	Launceston	properNoun	nor
Laupen	properNoun	swe	Laupen	properNoun	nor
Lauperswil	properNoun	swe	Lauperswil	properNoun	nor
Laurens	properNoun	swe	Laurens	properNoun	nor
Lauscha	properNoun	swe	Lauscha	properNoun	nor
Lausitzer Seenland	properNoun	swe	Lausitzer Seenland	properNoun	nor
Laussedat Heights	properNoun	swe	Laussedat Heights	properNoun	nor
Lautenbach	properNoun	swe	Lautenbach	properNoun	nor
Lauter	properNoun	swe	Lauter	properNoun	nor
Lauteraarhorn	properNoun	swe	Lauteraarhorn	properNoun	nor
Lauterbach	properNoun	swe	Lauterbach	properNoun	nor
Lauterbrunnen	properNoun	swe	Lauterbrunnen	properNoun	nor
Lauterstein	properNoun	swe	Lauterstein	properNoun	nor
Lauwil	properNoun	swe	Lauwil	properNoun	nor
Lava Tongue Pass	properNoun	swe	Lava Tongue Pass	properNoun	nor
Laval	properNoun	swe	Laval	properNoun	nor
Lavallee Point	properNoun	swe	Lavallee Point	properNoun	nor
Lavaux	properNoun	swe	Lavaux	properNoun	nor
Lavin	properNoun	swe	Lavin	properNoun	nor
Lavizzara	properNoun	swe	Lavizzara	properNoun	nor
Lavrenov Point	properNoun	swe	Lavrenov Point	properNoun	nor
Lavsjö	properNoun	swe	Lavsjö	properNoun	nor
Law Promontory	properNoun	swe	Law Promontory	properNoun	nor
Lawrence Channel	properNoun	swe	Lawrence Channel	properNoun	nor
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory	properNoun	swe	Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory	properNoun	nor
Lawrence Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lawrence Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lawson Aiguilles	properNoun	swe	Lawson Aiguilles	properNoun	nor
Lawson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lawson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lawson Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Lawson Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Lawson	properNoun	swe	Lawson	properNoun	nor
Lawton	properNoun	swe	Lawton	properNoun	nor
Laxvik	properNoun	swe	Laxvik	properNoun	nor
Laxå kommun	properNoun	swe	Laxå kommune	properNoun	nor
Laxå	properNoun	swe	Laxå	properNoun	nor
Lazarev Mountains	properNoun	swe	Lazarev Mountains	properNoun	nor
Lazarevhavet	properNoun	swe	Lazarevhavet	properNoun	nor
Lazio	properNoun	swe	Latium	properNoun	nor
Le Blanc	properNoun	swe	Le Blanc	properNoun	nor
Le Boudri	properNoun	swe	Le Boudri	properNoun	nor
Le Bémont	properNoun	swe	Le Bémont	properNoun	nor
Le Chasseron	properNoun	swe	Le Chasseron	properNoun	nor
Le Châtelard	properNoun	swe	Le Châtelard	properNoun	nor
Le Figaro	properNoun	swe	Le Figaro	properNoun	nor
Le Flon	properNoun	swe	Le Flon	properNoun	nor
Le Glèbe	properNoun	swe	Le Glèbe	properNoun	nor
Le Grammont	properNoun	swe	Le Grammont	properNoun	nor
Le Havre	properNoun	swe	Le Havre	properNoun	nor
Le Landeron	properNoun	swe	Le Landeron	properNoun	nor
Le Lieu	properNoun	swe	Le Lieu	properNoun	nor
Le Locle	properNoun	swe	Le Locle	properNoun	nor
Le Mans	properNoun	swe	Le Mans	properNoun	nor
Le Mouret	properNoun	swe	Le Mouret	properNoun	nor
Le Mourin	properNoun	swe	Le Mourin	properNoun	nor
Le Métailler	properNoun	swe	Le Métailler	properNoun	nor
Le Parrain	properNoun	swe	Le Parrain	properNoun	nor
Le Passage	properNoun	swe	La Passage	properNoun	nor
Le Pleureur	properNoun	swe	Le Pleureur	properNoun	nor
Le Portalet	properNoun	swe	Le Portalet	properNoun	nor
Le Pâquier	properNoun	swe	Le Pâquier	properNoun	nor
Le Raincy	properNoun	swe	Le Raincy	properNoun	nor
Le Ritord	properNoun	swe	Le Ritord	properNoun	nor
Le Rubli	properNoun	swe	Le Rubli	properNoun	nor
Le Sérac	properNoun	swe	Le Sérac	properNoun	nor
Le Tarent	properNoun	swe	Le Tarent	properNoun	nor
Le Theil	properNoun	swe	Le Theil	properNoun	nor
Le Vigan	properNoun	swe	Le Vigan	properNoun	nor
LeMasurier	properNoun	swe	LeMasurier	properNoun	nor
LeMay Range	properNoun	swe	LeMay Range	properNoun	nor
LeResche	properNoun	swe	LeResche	properNoun	nor
Leach Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Leach Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Leadville	properNoun	swe	Leadville	properNoun	nor
Leah Ridge	properNoun	swe	Leah Ridge	properNoun	nor
Lear Spire	properNoun	swe	Lear Spire	properNoun	nor
Lebern	properNoun	swe	Lebern	properNoun	nor
Lebus	properNoun	swe	Lebus	properNoun	nor
Lecce	properNoun	swe	Lecce	properNoun	nor
Lecco	properNoun	swe	Lecco	properNoun	nor
Lech	properNoun	swe	Lech	properNoun	nor
Leck	properNoun	swe	Leck	properNoun	nor
Leda Ridge	properNoun	swe	Leda Ridge	properNoun	nor
Ledava	properNoun	swe	Ledava	properNoun	nor
Ledde	properNoun	swe	Ledde	properNoun	nor
Ledincisjön	properNoun	swe	Ledincisjøen	properNoun	nor
Ledreborg	properNoun	swe	Ledreborg	properNoun	nor
Leduån	properNoun	swe	Leduån	properNoun	nor
Leeden	properNoun	swe	Leeden	properNoun	nor
Leek	properNoun	swe	Leek	properNoun	nor
Leerort	properNoun	swe	Leerort	properNoun	nor
Leese	properNoun	swe	Leese	properNoun	nor
Leeuwarden	properNoun	swe	Leeuwarden	properNoun	nor
Lefka Ori	properNoun	swe	Lefka Ori	properNoun	nor
Lefka Ori	properNoun	swe	Levká Óri	properNoun	nor
Leganés	properNoun	swe	Leganés	properNoun	nor
Leggia	properNoun	swe	Leggia	properNoun	nor
Legnano	properNoun	swe	Legnano	properNoun	nor
Legnica	properNoun	swe	Legnica	properNoun	nor
Leguillou	properNoun	swe	Leguillou	properNoun	nor
Lehaie	properNoun	swe	Lehaie	properNoun	nor
Lehre	properNoun	swe	Lehre	properNoun	nor
Lehrensteinsfeld	properNoun	swe	Lehrensteinsfeld	properNoun	nor
Lehrte	properNoun	swe	Lehrte	properNoun	nor
Leiberg	properNoun	swe	Leiberg	properNoun	nor
Leibstadt	properNoun	swe	Leibstadt	properNoun	nor
Leicester Square	properNoun	swe	Leicester Square	properNoun	nor
Leicestershire	properNoun	swe	Leicestershire	properNoun	nor
Leichlingen	properNoun	swe	Leichlingen	properNoun	nor
Leiden	properNoun	swe	Leiden	properNoun	nor
Leiferde	properNoun	swe	Leiferde	properNoun	nor
Leimbach	properNoun	swe	Leimbach	properNoun	nor
Leimen	properNoun	swe	Leimen	properNoun	nor
Leinavatn	properNoun	swe	Leinavatn	properNoun	nor
Leinster House	properNoun	swe	Leinster House	properNoun	nor
Leipzigs universitet	properNoun	swe	Universitetet i Leipzig	properNoun	nor
Leirvatnet	properNoun	swe	Leirvatnet	properNoun	nor
Leirvík	properNoun	swe	Leirvík	properNoun	nor
Leisnig	properNoun	swe	Leisnig	properNoun	nor
Leissigen	properNoun	swe	Leissigen	properNoun	nor
Leiston	properNoun	swe	Leiston	properNoun	nor
Leitch Massif	properNoun	swe	Leitch Massif	properNoun	nor
Leitha	properNoun	swe	Leitha	properNoun	nor
Leitrim	properNoun	swe	Leitrim	properNoun	nor
Lejre kommun	properNoun	swe	Lejre kommune	properNoun	nor
Lek	properNoun	swe	Lek	properNoun	nor
Lekander Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lekander Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lekebergs kommun	properNoun	swe	Lekeberg kommune	properNoun	nor
Lekeryd	properNoun	swe	Lekeryd	properNoun	nor
Leknes flygplats	properNoun	swe	Leknes lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Leknes flygplats	properNoun	swe	Leknes lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Leksand	properNoun	swe	Leksand	properNoun	nor
Leksands kommun	properNoun	swe	Leksand kommune	properNoun	nor
Lemanis Valley	properNoun	swe	Lemanis Valley	properNoun	nor
Lembeck	properNoun	swe	Lembeck	properNoun	nor
Lemgo	properNoun	swe	Lemgo	properNoun	nor
Lemnos	properNoun	swe	Limnos	properNoun	nor
Lemnos	properNoun	swe	Límnos	properNoun	nor
Lemvigs kommun	properNoun	swe	Lemvig kommune	properNoun	nor
Lena Passage	properNoun	swe	Lena Passage	properNoun	nor
Lengede	properNoun	swe	Lengede	properNoun	nor
Lengefeld	properNoun	swe	Lengefeld	properNoun	nor
Lengerich	properNoun	swe	Lengerich	properNoun	nor
Lenggries	properNoun	swe	Lenggries	properNoun	nor
Lengnau	properNoun	swe	Lengnau	properNoun	nor
Lengwil	properNoun	swe	Lengwil	properNoun	nor
Lenhovda	properNoun	swe	Lenhovda	properNoun	nor
Lenie Passage	properNoun	swe	Lenie Passage	properNoun	nor
Leningrad oblast	properNoun	swe	Leningrad oblast	properNoun	nor
Leningrad oblast	properNoun	swe	Leningrad	properNoun	nor
Leninogorsk	properNoun	swe	Leninogorsk	properNoun	nor
Lenk	properNoun	swe	Lenk	properNoun	nor
Lennartsfors	properNoun	swe	Lennartsfors	properNoun	nor
Lenne	properNoun	swe	Lenne	properNoun	nor
Lennestadt	properNoun	swe	Lennestadt	properNoun	nor
Lens	properNoun	swe	Lens	properNoun	nor
Lenton Point	properNoun	swe	Lenton Point	properNoun	nor
Lenzburg	properNoun	swe	Lenzburg	properNoun	nor
Lenzspitze	properNoun	swe	Lenzspitze	properNoun	nor
Leominster	properNoun	swe	Leominster	properNoun	nor
Leonberg	properNoun	swe	Leonberg	properNoun	nor
Leontini	properNoun	swe	Lentini	properNoun	nor
Leontini	properNoun	swe	Leontini	properNoun	nor
Leopoldshöhe	properNoun	swe	Leopoldshöhe	properNoun	nor
Lepenec	properNoun	swe	Lepenats	properNoun	nor
Lepley Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lepley Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lerbeck	properNoun	swe	Lerbeck	properNoun	nor
Lerdala	properNoun	swe	Lerdala	properNoun	nor
Lerkendal Stadion	properNoun	swe	Lerkendal Stadion	properNoun	nor
Lerkendal Stadion	properNoun	swe	Lerkendal stadion	properNoun	nor
Lerkil	properNoun	swe	Lerkil	properNoun	nor
Leros	properNoun	swe	Leros	properNoun	nor
Leros	properNoun	swe	Léros	properNoun	nor
Lerum	properNoun	swe	Lerum	properNoun	nor
Lerums kommun	properNoun	swe	Lerum kommune	properNoun	nor
Les Agettes	properNoun	swe	Les Agettes	properNoun	nor
Les Andelys	properNoun	swe	Les Andelys	properNoun	nor
Les Bons	properNoun	swe	Les Bons	properNoun	nor
Les Brenets	properNoun	swe	Les Brenets	properNoun	nor
Les Clées	properNoun	swe	Les Clées	properNoun	nor
Les Diablerets	properNoun	swe	Les Diablerets	properNoun	nor
Les Diablons	properNoun	swe	Les Diablons	properNoun	nor
Les Grandes Otanes	properNoun	swe	Les Grandes Otanes	properNoun	nor
Les Montets	properNoun	swe	Les Montets	properNoun	nor
Les Planches	properNoun	swe	Les Planches	properNoun	nor
Les Planchettes	properNoun	swe	Les Planchettes	properNoun	nor
Les Rousses	properNoun	swe	Les Rousses	properNoun	nor
Les Verrières	properNoun	swe	Les Verrières	properNoun	nor
Lesbos	properNoun	swe	Lésvos	properNoun	nor
Lescar	properNoun	swe	Lescar	properNoun	nor
Leshan	properNoun	swe	Leshan	properNoun	nor
Lesjukonskoje	properNoun	swe	Lesjukonskoje	properNoun	nor
Lesjöfors	properNoun	swe	Lesjöfors	properNoun	nor
Leskovac	properNoun	swe	Leskovac	properNoun	nor
Leslie Gap	properNoun	swe	Leslie Gap	properNoun	nor
Lesnoj	properNoun	swe	Lesnoj	properNoun	nor
Lesosibirsk	properNoun	swe	Lesosibirsk	properNoun	nor
Lessebo kommun	properNoun	swe	Lessebo kommune	properNoun	nor
Lessebo	properNoun	swe	Lessebo	properNoun	nor
Letalnica	properNoun	swe	Letalnica	properNoun	nor
Letchworth	properNoun	swe	Letchworth	properNoun	nor
Leticia	properNoun	swe	Leticia	properNoun	nor
Letschin	properNoun	swe	Letschin	properNoun	nor
Lette	properNoun	swe	Lette	properNoun	nor
Leucate	properNoun	swe	Leucate	properNoun	nor
Leuggern	properNoun	swe	Leuggern	properNoun	nor
Leuk	properNoun	swe	Leuk	properNoun	nor
Leukerbad	properNoun	swe	Leukerbad	properNoun	nor
Leupp	properNoun	swe	Leupp	properNoun	nor
Leutenbach	properNoun	swe	Leutenbach	properNoun	nor
Leutkirch im Allgäu	properNoun	swe	Leutkirch im Allgäu	properNoun	nor
Leutwil	properNoun	swe	Leutwil	properNoun	nor
Leuzigen	properNoun	swe	Leuzigen	properNoun	nor
Leva Reka	properNoun	swe	Leva Reka	properNoun	nor
Levantinska sjön	properNoun	swe	Det levantinske havet	properNoun	nor
Level Valley	properNoun	swe	Level Valley	properNoun	nor
Leventina	properNoun	swe	Leventina	properNoun	nor
Lever Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Lever Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Levern	properNoun	swe	Levern	properNoun	nor
Levick	properNoun	swe	Levick	properNoun	nor
Lewandowski Point	properNoun	swe	Lewandowski Point	properNoun	nor
Lewes	properNoun	swe	Lewes	properNoun	nor
Lewis Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lewis Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lewis and Harris	properNoun	swe	Lewis og Harris	properNoun	nor
Lewisham	properNoun	swe	Lewisham	properNoun	nor
Lewisohn Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lewisohn Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lewiston	properNoun	swe	Lewiston	properNoun	nor
Lewitz	properNoun	swe	Lewitz	properNoun	nor
Ley	properNoun	swe	Ley	properNoun	nor
Leyburn	properNoun	swe	Leyburn	properNoun	nor
Leye	properNoun	swe	Leye	properNoun	nor
Leyland	properNoun	swe	Leyland	properNoun	nor
Leyte	properNoun	swe	Leyte	properNoun	nor
Leyton	properNoun	swe	Leyton	properNoun	nor
Lezoux	properNoun	swe	Lezoux	properNoun	nor
Lhotse	properNoun	swe	Lhotse	properNoun	nor
Liangshan	properNoun	swe	Liangshan	properNoun	nor
Lianyungang	properNoun	swe	Lianyungang	properNoun	nor
Liaocheng	properNoun	swe	Liaocheng	properNoun	nor
Liaohe	properNoun	swe	Liao He	properNoun	nor
Liaoning	properNoun	swe	Liaoning	properNoun	nor
Liaoyuan	properNoun	swe	Liaoyuan	properNoun	nor
Liatorp	properNoun	swe	Liatorp	properNoun	nor
Liavaag	properNoun	swe	Liavaag	properNoun	nor
Libanonberget	properNoun	swe	Libanonfjella	properNoun	nor
Liberec	properNoun	swe	Liberec	properNoun	nor
Liberty Rocks	properNoun	swe	Liberty Rocks	properNoun	nor
Liberty Theatre	properNoun	swe	Liberty Theatre	properNoun	nor
Libourne	properNoun	swe	Libourne	properNoun	nor
Libyska inbördeskriget	properNoun	swe	Den libyske borgarkrigen	properNoun	nor
Libyska inbördeskriget	properNoun	swe	Den libyske borgerkrigen	properNoun	nor
Licata	properNoun	swe	Licata	properNoun	nor
Lice	properNoun	swe	Lice	properNoun	nor
Lichen Hills	properNoun	swe	Lichen Hills	properNoun	nor
Lichfield	properNoun	swe	Lichfield	properNoun	nor
Lichi	properNoun	swe	Likhi	properNoun	nor
Lichoslavl	properNoun	swe	Likhoslavl	properNoun	nor
Lichtenau	properNoun	swe	Lichtenau	properNoun	nor
Lichtenberg	properNoun	swe	Lichtenberg	properNoun	nor
Lichtenbusch	properNoun	swe	Lichtenbusch	properNoun	nor
Lichtendorf	properNoun	swe	Lichtendorf	properNoun	nor
Lichtenhagen	properNoun	swe	Lichtenhagen	properNoun	nor
Lichtenstein	properNoun	swe	Lichtenstein	properNoun	nor
Lida	properNoun	swe	Lida	properNoun	nor
Liden	properNoun	swe	Liden	properNoun	nor
Lidhult	properNoun	swe	Lidhult	properNoun	nor
Lidingö församlings kyrkogård	properNoun	swe	Lidingö församlings kyrkogård	properNoun	nor
Lidingö kommun	properNoun	swe	Lidingö kommune	properNoun	nor
Lidingö	properNoun	swe	Lidingö	properNoun	nor
Lidköping	properNoun	swe	Lidköping	properNoun	nor
Lidköpings kommun	properNoun	swe	Lidköping kommune	properNoun	nor
Lido di Venezia	properNoun	swe	Lido di Venezia	properNoun	nor
Lido di Venezia	properNoun	swe	Lido	properNoun	nor
Liebenau	properNoun	swe	Liebenau	properNoun	nor
Liebenstein	properNoun	swe	Liebenstein	properNoun	nor
Lieck	properNoun	swe	Lieck	properNoun	nor
Liedberg	properNoun	swe	Liedberg	properNoun	nor
Liedertswil	properNoun	swe	Liedertswil	properNoun	nor
Lielupe	properNoun	swe	Lielupe	properNoun	nor
Lieme	properNoun	swe	Lieme	properNoun	nor
Lienen	properNoun	swe	Lienen	properNoun	nor
Lienz	properNoun	swe	Lienz	properNoun	nor
Liepāja	properNoun	swe	Liepāja	properNoun	nor
Lierbyen	properNoun	swe	Lierbyen	properNoun	nor
Lierelva	properNoun	swe	Lierelva	properNoun	nor
Lieren	properNoun	swe	Lieren	properNoun	nor
Lierne nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Lierne nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Liesberg	properNoun	swe	Liesberg	properNoun	nor
Liese	properNoun	swe	Liese	properNoun	nor
Liesen	properNoun	swe	Liesen	properNoun	nor
Liestal	properNoun	swe	Liestal	properNoun	nor
Lieth	properNoun	swe	Lieth	properNoun	nor
Liffey	properNoun	swe	Liffey	properNoun	nor
Lifford	properNoun	swe	Lifford	properNoun	nor
Ligerz	properNoun	swe	Ligerz	properNoun	nor
Lignerolle	properNoun	swe	Lignerolle	properNoun	nor
Lignières	properNoun	swe	Lignières	properNoun	nor
Ligornetto	properNoun	swe	Ligornetto	properNoun	nor
Ligurien	properNoun	swe	Liguria	properNoun	nor
Liguriska havet	properNoun	swe	Det liguriske hav	properNoun	nor
Liguriska havet	properNoun	swe	Liguriahavet	properNoun	nor
Lihula	properNoun	swe	Lihula	properNoun	nor
Lijiang	properNoun	swe	Lijiang	properNoun	nor
Likstammen	properNoun	swe	Likstammen	properNoun	nor
Lilienthal	properNoun	swe	Lilienthal	properNoun	nor
Lilla Bält	properNoun	swe	Lillebælt	properNoun	nor
Lilla Bältbron	properNoun	swe	Lillebæltsbroen	properNoun	nor
Lilla Bältbron	properNoun	swe	Lillebæltsbrua	properNoun	nor
Lilla Edet	properNoun	swe	Lilla Edet	properNoun	nor
Lilla Edets kommun	properNoun	swe	Lilla Edet kommune	properNoun	nor
Lilla Essingen	properNoun	swe	Lilla Essingen	properNoun	nor
Lilla Harrie	properNoun	swe	Lilla Harrie	properNoun	nor
Lilla Karlsö	properNoun	swe	Lilla Karlsö	properNoun	nor
Lilla Kaukasus	properNoun	swe	Litle Kaukasus	properNoun	nor
Lilla Luleälven	properNoun	swe	Lilla Luleälven	properNoun	nor
Lilla Skogssjön	properNoun	swe	Lilla Skogssjön	properNoun	nor
Lilla Tjärby	properNoun	swe	Lilla Tjärby	properNoun	nor
Lillhaga	properNoun	swe	Lillhaga	properNoun	nor
Lillhärdal	properNoun	swe	Lillhärdal	properNoun	nor
Lillie Range	properNoun	swe	Lillie Range	properNoun	nor
Lilliput Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Lilliput Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Lilliput	properNoun	swe	Lilliput	properNoun	nor
Lillkyrka	properNoun	swe	Lillkyrka	properNoun	nor
Lillomarka	properNoun	swe	Lillomarka	properNoun	nor
Lillpite	properNoun	swe	Lillpite	properNoun	nor
Lillpiteälven	properNoun	swe	Lillpiteälven	properNoun	nor
Lillpolens vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Lillepolske voivodskap	properNoun	nor
Lillpolens vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Veslepolske voivodskap	properNoun	nor
Lillsjön	properNoun	swe	Lillsjön	properNoun	nor
Lillström	properNoun	swe	Lillström	properNoun	nor
Lim	properNoun	swe	Lim	properNoun	nor
Limanowa	properNoun	swe	Limanowa	properNoun	nor
Limassol	properNoun	swe	Limassol	properNoun	nor
Limbach	properNoun	swe	Limbach	properNoun	nor
Limburg an der Lahn	properNoun	swe	Limburg an der Lahn	properNoun	nor
Limburg	properNoun	swe	Limburg	properNoun	nor
Limedsforsen	properNoun	swe	Limedsforsen	properNoun	nor
Limerick	properNoun	swe	Limerick	properNoun	nor
Limestone Valley	properNoun	swe	Limestone Valley	properNoun	nor
Limhamn	properNoun	swe	Limhamn	properNoun	nor
Limmared	properNoun	swe	Limmared	properNoun	nor
Limmat	properNoun	swe	Limmat	properNoun	nor
Limmernsee	properNoun	swe	Limmernsee	properNoun	nor
Limousin	properNoun	swe	Limousin	properNoun	nor
Limoux	properNoun	swe	Limoux	properNoun	nor
Limpach	properNoun	swe	Limpach	properNoun	nor
Linanäs	properNoun	swe	Linanäs	properNoun	nor
Lincang	properNoun	swe	Lincang	properNoun	nor
Lincoln Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lincoln Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lincolnshire	properNoun	swe	Lincolnshire	properNoun	nor
Lind Ridge	properNoun	swe	Lind Ridge	properNoun	nor
Lindau	properNoun	swe	Lindau	properNoun	nor
Linden	properNoun	swe	Linden	properNoun	nor
Lindenau	properNoun	swe	Lindenau	properNoun	nor
Lindenberg	properNoun	swe	Lindenberg	properNoun	nor
Lindendorf	properNoun	swe	Lindendorf	properNoun	nor
Lindern	properNoun	swe	Lindern	properNoun	nor
Linderöd	properNoun	swe	Linderöd	properNoun	nor
Lindesbergs kommun	properNoun	swe	Lindesberg kommune	properNoun	nor
Lindholm Høje	properNoun	swe	Lindholm Høje	properNoun	nor
Lindholmen	properNoun	swe	Lindholmen	properNoun	nor
Lindisfarne	properNoun	swe	Lindisfarne	properNoun	nor
Lindlar	properNoun	swe	Lindlar	properNoun	nor
Lindome	properNoun	swe	Lindome	properNoun	nor
Lindos	properNoun	swe	Lindos	properNoun	nor
Lindos	properNoun	swe	Líndos	properNoun	nor
Lindqvist Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lindqvist Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lindsdal	properNoun	swe	Lindsdal	properNoun	nor
Lindsell	properNoun	swe	Lindsell	properNoun	nor
Lindstrom Ridge	properNoun	swe	Lindstrom Ridge	properNoun	nor
Lindum Valley	properNoun	swe	Lindum Valley	properNoun	nor
Lindö	properNoun	swe	Lindö	properNoun	nor
Linescio	properNoun	swe	Linescio	properNoun	nor
Linfen	properNoun	swe	Linfen	properNoun	nor
Lingbo	properNoun	swe	Lingbo	properNoun	nor
Linghed	properNoun	swe	Linghed	properNoun	nor
Linghem	properNoun	swe	Linghem	properNoun	nor
Linköpings kommun	properNoun	swe	Linköping kommune	properNoun	nor
Linn Mesa	properNoun	swe	Linn Mesa	properNoun	nor
Linnaeus Terrace	properNoun	swe	Linnaeus Terrace	properNoun	nor
Linneryd	properNoun	swe	Linneryd	properNoun	nor
Linnich	properNoun	swe	Linnich	properNoun	nor
Linnés Hammarby	properNoun	swe	Linnés Hammarby	properNoun	nor
Linnéträdgården	properNoun	swe	Linnéträdgården	properNoun	nor
Linsley Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Linsley Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Lintel	properNoun	swe	Lintel	properNoun	nor
Linxi	properNoun	swe	Linxi	properNoun	nor
Linxia	properNoun	swe	Linxia	properNoun	nor
Linyi	properNoun	swe	Linyi	properNoun	nor
Liouville Point	properNoun	swe	Liouville Point	properNoun	nor
Lipetsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Lipetsk oblast	properNoun	nor
Lipetsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Lipetsk	properNoun	nor
Lipetsk	properNoun	swe	Lipetsk	properNoun	nor
Lipno	properNoun	swe	Lipno	properNoun	nor
Lippstadt	properNoun	swe	Lippstadt	properNoun	nor
Lipsi	properNoun	swe	Lipsi	properNoun	nor
Lipsi	properNoun	swe	Lipsí	properNoun	nor
Liptak	properNoun	swe	Liptak	properNoun	nor
Liptovský Mikuláš	properNoun	swe	Liptovský Mikuláš	properNoun	nor
Lisenser Fernerkogel	properNoun	swe	Lüsener Fernerkogel	properNoun	nor
Lishui	properNoun	swe	Lishui	properNoun	nor
Lisieux	properNoun	swe	Lisieux	properNoun	nor
Liskeard	properNoun	swe	Liskeard	properNoun	nor
Lissmasjön	properNoun	swe	Lissmasjön	properNoun	nor
Lista fyr	properNoun	swe	Lista fyr	properNoun	nor
Lista fyr	properNoun	swe	Lista fyr	properNoun	nor
Lista fyr	properNoun	swe	Lista fyrstasjon	properNoun	nor
Lista	properNoun	swe	Lista	properNoun	nor
Lister Heights	properNoun	swe	Lister Heights	properNoun	nor
Lister Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Lister Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Liston Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Liston Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lit	properNoun	swe	Lit	properNoun	nor
Litell Rocks	properNoun	swe	Litell Rocks	properNoun	nor
Liten	properNoun	swe	Liten	properNoun	nor
Litke Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Litke Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Little Bay	properNoun	swe	Little Bay	properNoun	nor
Little Boy	properNoun	swe	Little Boy	properNoun	nor
Little Rock	properNoun	swe	Little Rock	properNoun	nor
Little Skellig	properNoun	swe	Lille Skellig	properNoun	nor
Little Skellig	properNoun	swe	Little Skellig	properNoun	nor
Littleblack Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Littleblack Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Littlehampton	properNoun	swe	Littlehampton	properNoun	nor
Littlepage	properNoun	swe	Littlepage	properNoun	nor
Littlewood Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Littlewood Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Liupanshui	properNoun	swe	Liupanshui	properNoun	nor
Liuzhou	properNoun	swe	Liuzhou	properNoun	nor
Liverpool Street station	properNoun	swe	Liverpool Street stasjon	properNoun	nor
Livingston	properNoun	swe	Livingston	properNoun	nor
Livonia Rock	properNoun	swe	Livonia Rock	properNoun	nor
Livorno	properNoun	swe	Livorno	properNoun	nor
Lizard Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lizard Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lizotte Creek	properNoun	swe	Lizotte Creek	properNoun	nor
Liège	properNoun	swe	Liège	properNoun	nor
Ljachovskijöarna	properNoun	swe	Ljakhovskijøyane	properNoun	nor
Ljuban	properNoun	swe	Ljuban	properNoun	nor
Ljubertsy	properNoun	swe	Ljubertsy	properNoun	nor
Ljunga	properNoun	swe	Ljunga	properNoun	nor
Ljungan	properNoun	swe	Ljungan	properNoun	nor
Ljungaverk	properNoun	swe	Ljungaverk	properNoun	nor
Ljungby kommun	properNoun	swe	Ljungby kommune	properNoun	nor
Ljungby	properNoun	swe	Ljungby	properNoun	nor
Ljungbyhed	properNoun	swe	Ljungbyhed	properNoun	nor
Ljungbyholm	properNoun	swe	Ljungbyholm	properNoun	nor
Ljungbyån	properNoun	swe	Ljungbyån	properNoun	nor
Ljunghusen	properNoun	swe	Ljunghusen	properNoun	nor
Ljungsarp	properNoun	swe	Ljungsarp	properNoun	nor
Ljungsbro	properNoun	swe	Ljungsbro	properNoun	nor
Ljungskile	properNoun	swe	Ljungskile	properNoun	nor
Ljungstorp och Jägersbo	properNoun	swe	Ljungstorp och Jägersbo	properNoun	nor
Ljusdal	properNoun	swe	Ljusdal	properNoun	nor
Ljusdals kommun	properNoun	swe	Ljusdal kommune	properNoun	nor
Ljusfallshammar	properNoun	swe	Ljusfallshammar	properNoun	nor
Ljusnan	properNoun	swe	Ljusnan	properNoun	nor
Ljusnarsbergs kommun	properNoun	swe	Ljusnarsberg kommune	properNoun	nor
Ljusne	properNoun	swe	Ljusne	properNoun	nor
Ljusterö	properNoun	swe	Ljusterö	properNoun	nor
Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch	properNoun	swe	Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch	properNoun	nor
Lleida	properNoun	swe	Lleida	properNoun	nor
Llobregat	properNoun	swe	Llobregat	properNoun	nor
Llullaillaco	properNoun	swe	Llullaillaco	properNoun	nor
Llyn Fawr	properNoun	swe	Llyn Fawr	properNoun	nor
Lobamba	properNoun	swe	Lobamba	properNoun	nor
Locarno	properNoun	swe	Locarno	properNoun	nor
Loccum	properNoun	swe	Loccum	properNoun	nor
Loch Achray	properNoun	swe	Loch Achray	properNoun	nor
Loch Fyne	properNoun	swe	Loch Fyne	properNoun	nor
Loch Leven	properNoun	swe	Loch Leven	properNoun	nor
Loch Linnhe	properNoun	swe	Loch Linnhe	properNoun	nor
Loch Lomond	properNoun	swe	Loch Lomond	properNoun	nor
Loch Morar	properNoun	swe	Loch Morar	properNoun	nor
Loch Ness	properNoun	swe	Loch Ness	properNoun	nor
Loch Oich	properNoun	swe	Loch Oich	properNoun	nor
Loches	properNoun	swe	Loches	properNoun	nor
Lochgilphead	properNoun	swe	Lochgilphead	properNoun	nor
Lochvytsia	properNoun	swe	Lokhvytsia	properNoun	nor
Lockerbie	properNoun	swe	Lockerbie	properNoun	nor
Lockerbieattentatet	properNoun	swe	Lockerbie-saka	properNoun	nor
Lockerbieattentatet	properNoun	swe	Lockerbie-saken	properNoun	nor
Lockley Point	properNoun	swe	Lockley Point	properNoun	nor
Locknesjön	properNoun	swe	Locknesjön	properNoun	nor
Lockvattnet	properNoun	swe	Lockvattnet	properNoun	nor
Lod	properNoun	swe	Lod	properNoun	nor
Lodalskåpa	properNoun	swe	Lodalskåpa	properNoun	nor
Loddby	properNoun	swe	Loddby	properNoun	nor
Lodge Rock	properNoun	swe	Lodge Rock	properNoun	nor
Lodi	properNoun	swe	Lodi	properNoun	nor
Lodève	properNoun	swe	Lodève	properNoun	nor
Loewe Massif	properNoun	swe	Loewe Massif	properNoun	nor
Lofgren Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Lofgren Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Lofsdalen	properNoun	swe	Lofsdalen	properNoun	nor
Loftahammar	properNoun	swe	Loftahammar	properNoun	nor
Loga	properNoun	swe	Loga	properNoun	nor
Logroño	properNoun	swe	Logroño	properNoun	nor
Loh	properNoun	swe	Loh	properNoun	nor
Lohe	properNoun	swe	Lohe	properNoun	nor
Lohfeld	properNoun	swe	Lohfeld	properNoun	nor
Lohmar	properNoun	swe	Lohmar	properNoun	nor
Lohn	properNoun	swe	Lohn	properNoun	nor
Lohnstorf	properNoun	swe	Lohnstorf	properNoun	nor
Loing	properNoun	swe	Loing	properNoun	nor
Loir	properNoun	swe	Loir	properNoun	nor
Loiret	properNoun	swe	Loiret	properNoun	nor
Lojo	properNoun	swe	Lojo	properNoun	nor
Lok Sabha	properNoun	swe	Lok Sabha	properNoun	nor
Loksa	properNoun	swe	Loksa	properNoun	nor
Lollands kommun	properNoun	swe	Lolland kommune	properNoun	nor
Lomas Ridge	properNoun	swe	Lomas Ridge	properNoun	nor
Lombardiet	properNoun	swe	Lombardia	properNoun	nor
Lombok	properNoun	swe	Lombok	properNoun	nor
Lomboksundet	properNoun	swe	Lomboksundet	properNoun	nor
Lomma kommun	properNoun	swe	Lomma kommune	properNoun	nor
Lomma	properNoun	swe	Lomma	properNoun	nor
Lommis	properNoun	swe	Lommis	properNoun	nor
Lommiswil	properNoun	swe	Lommiswil	properNoun	nor
Lomonosov	properNoun	swe	Lomonosov	properNoun	nor
Lomonosovfjella	properNoun	swe	Lomonosovfjella	properNoun	nor
Lomé	properNoun	swe	Lomé	properNoun	nor
Lonay	properNoun	swe	Lonay	properNoun	nor
Londinium	properNoun	swe	Londinium	properNoun	nor
London Bridge	properNoun	swe	London Bridge	properNoun	nor
London Eye	properNoun	swe	London Eye	properNoun	nor
London Millennium Bridge	properNoun	swe	Millennium Bridge i London	properNoun	nor
London School of Economics	properNoun	swe	London School of Economics	properNoun	nor
Londons tunnelbana	properNoun	swe	Undergrunnsbanen i London	properNoun	nor
Lonely One Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lonely One Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lonewolf Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Lonewolf Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Long Gables	properNoun	swe	Long Gables	properNoun	nor
Long Thanh Internationell flygplats	properNoun	swe	Long Thanh internasjonale lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Long Thanh Internationell flygplats	properNoun	swe	Long Thanh internasjonale lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Longacre Theatre	properNoun	swe	Longacre Theatre	properNoun	nor
Longhurst Plateau	properNoun	swe	Longhurst Plateau	properNoun	nor
Longnan	properNoun	swe	Longnan	properNoun	nor
Longridge Head	properNoun	swe	Longridge Head	properNoun	nor
Longs Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Longs Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Longships	properNoun	swe	Longships	properNoun	nor
Longyan	properNoun	swe	Longyan	properNoun	nor
Lontra	properNoun	swe	Lontra	properNoun	nor
Loodts	properNoun	swe	Loodts	properNoun	nor
Looe	properNoun	swe	Looe	properNoun	nor
Lookout Dome	properNoun	swe	Lookout Dome	properNoun	nor
Lookout Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lookout Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lope	properNoun	swe	Lope	properNoun	nor
Loqui	properNoun	swe	Loqui	properNoun	nor
Lorbach	properNoun	swe	Lorbach	properNoun	nor
Lorca	properNoun	swe	Lorca	properNoun	nor
Lorch	properNoun	swe	Lorch	properNoun	nor
Lord Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lord Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Loren Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Loren Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Lorentzenpiggen	properNoun	swe	Lorentzenpiggen	properNoun	nor
Lorenzhorn	properNoun	swe	Lorenzhorn	properNoun	nor
Loreto	properNoun	swe	Loreto	properNoun	nor
Lorius	properNoun	swe	Lorius	properNoun	nor
Lorraine	properNoun	swe	Lorraine	properNoun	nor
Lorze	properNoun	swe	Lorze	properNoun	nor
Los Alamitos	properNoun	swe	Los Alamitos	properNoun	nor
Los Alamos National Laboratory	properNoun	swe	Los Alamos National Laboratory	properNoun	nor
Los Altos	properNoun	swe	Los Altos	properNoun	nor
Los Angeles Police Department	properNoun	swe	Los Angeles Police Department	properNoun	nor
Los Gatos	properNoun	swe	Los Gatos	properNoun	nor
Los Teques	properNoun	swe	Los Teques	properNoun	nor
Loschwitz	properNoun	swe	Loschwitz	properNoun	nor
Lošinj	properNoun	swe	Lošinj	properNoun	nor
Lost Seal Stream	properNoun	swe	Lost Seal Stream	properNoun	nor
Lostallo	properNoun	swe	Lostallo	properNoun	nor
Lostwithiel	properNoun	swe	Lostwithiel	properNoun	nor
Lotorp	properNoun	swe	Lotorp	properNoun	nor
Lottefors	properNoun	swe	Lottefors	properNoun	nor
Lotzwil	properNoun	swe	Lotzwil	properNoun	nor
Loubat	properNoun	swe	Loubat	properNoun	nor
Loubet Coast	properNoun	swe	Loubet Coast	properNoun	nor
Loubet Coast	properNoun	swe	Loubetkysten	properNoun	nor
Loucherhorn	properNoun	swe	Loucherhorn	properNoun	nor
Loučky	properNoun	swe	Loučky	properNoun	nor
Loudi	properNoun	swe	Loudi	properNoun	nor
Loudon	properNoun	swe	Loudon	properNoun	nor
Lough Allen	properNoun	swe	Lough Allen	properNoun	nor
Lough Corrib	properNoun	swe	Lough Corrib	properNoun	nor
Lough Derg	properNoun	swe	Lough Derg	properNoun	nor
Lough Erne	properNoun	swe	Lough Erne	properNoun	nor
Lough Gur	properNoun	swe	Lough Gur	properNoun	nor
Lough Neagh	properNoun	swe	Lough Neagh	properNoun	nor
Lough Ree	properNoun	swe	Lough Ree	properNoun	nor
Loughborough	properNoun	swe	Loughborough	properNoun	nor
Loughton	properNoun	swe	Loughton	properNoun	nor
Louhans	properNoun	swe	Louhans	properNoun	nor
Louis Philippe Plateau	properNoun	swe	Louis Philippe Plateau	properNoun	nor
Louisbourg	properNoun	swe	Louisbourg	properNoun	nor
Louisiana State University	properNoun	swe	Louisiana State University	properNoun	nor
Louisville	properNoun	swe	Louisville	properNoun	nor
Lourdes	properNoun	swe	Lourdes	properNoun	nor
Louviers	properNoun	swe	Louviers	properNoun	nor
Louvren	properNoun	swe	Louvre	properNoun	nor
Louvroil	properNoun	swe	Louvroil	properNoun	nor
Louwsburg	properNoun	swe	Louwsburg	properNoun	nor
Lovat	properNoun	swe	Lovat	properNoun	nor
Lovatens	properNoun	swe	Lovatens	properNoun	nor
Lovegrove Point	properNoun	swe	Lovegrove Point	properNoun	nor
Loveresse	properNoun	swe	Loveresse	properNoun	nor
Lovö	properNoun	swe	Lovö	properNoun	nor
Lovön	properNoun	swe	Lovön	properNoun	nor
Lovćen	properNoun	swe	Lovćen	properNoun	nor
Lowe Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Lowe Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Lower Hutt	properNoun	swe	Lower Hutt	properNoun	nor
Loweth	properNoun	swe	Loweth	properNoun	nor
Lowman	properNoun	swe	Lowman	properNoun	nor
Lowry Massif	properNoun	swe	Lowry Massif	properNoun	nor
Lozen Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lozen Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lozen Saddle	properNoun	swe	Lozen Saddle	properNoun	nor
Ložnica	properNoun	swe	Ložnica	properNoun	nor
Lozère	properNoun	swe	Lozère	properNoun	nor
Luanda	properNoun	swe	Luanda	properNoun	nor
Lublin	properNoun	swe	Lublin	properNoun	nor
Lublins vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Lublin-voivodskapet	properNoun	nor
Lublins vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Lublin voivodskap	properNoun	nor
Lubsko	properNoun	swe	Lubsko	properNoun	nor
Lubusz vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Lubusz-voivodskapet	properNoun	nor
Lubusz vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Lubusz voivodskap	properNoun	nor
Lubāns	properNoun	swe	Lubāns	properNoun	nor
Lucas Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lucas Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lucca	properNoun	swe	Lucca	properNoun	nor
Lucera	properNoun	swe	Lucera	properNoun	nor
Lucille Lortel Theatre	properNoun	swe	Lucille Lortel Theatre	properNoun	nor
Luck Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Luck Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Luckau	properNoun	swe	Luckau	properNoun	nor
Luckenwalde	properNoun	swe	Luckenwalde	properNoun	nor
Lucksta	properNoun	swe	Lucksta	properNoun	nor
Ludlow	properNoun	swe	Ludlow	properNoun	nor
Ludlowmassakern	properNoun	swe	Ludlowmassakren	properNoun	nor
Ludovisi	properNoun	swe	Ludovisi	properNoun	nor
Ludvigsborg	properNoun	swe	Ludvigsborg	properNoun	nor
Ludvika kommun	properNoun	swe	Ludvika kommune	properNoun	nor
Ludwigsburg	properNoun	swe	Ludwigsburg	properNoun	nor
Ludwigshafen am Rhein	properNoun	swe	Ludwigshafen am Rhein	properNoun	nor
Ludwigshafen am Rhein	properNoun	swe	Ludwigshafen	properNoun	nor
Ludwigslust	properNoun	swe	Ludwigslust	properNoun	nor
Luesslingen	properNoun	swe	Lüsslingen	properNoun	nor
Luff Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Luff Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Lug	properNoun	swe	Lug	properNoun	nor
Luga	properNoun	swe	Luga	properNoun	nor
Lugano	properNoun	swe	Lugano	properNoun	nor
Luganosjön	properNoun	swe	Luganosjøen	properNoun	nor
Lugering	properNoun	swe	Lugering	properNoun	nor
Lugnet och Skälsmara	properNoun	swe	Lugnet och Skälsmara	properNoun	nor
Lugnet	properNoun	swe	Lugnet	properNoun	nor
Lugnvik	properNoun	swe	Lugnvik	properNoun	nor
Lugnås	properNoun	swe	Lugnås	properNoun	nor
Lugo	properNoun	swe	Lugo	properNoun	nor
Lugones	properNoun	swe	Lugones	properNoun	nor
Luhansk oblast	properNoun	swe	Luhansk oblast	properNoun	nor
Luhansk	properNoun	swe	Luhansk	properNoun	nor
Luhe	properNoun	swe	Luhe	properNoun	nor
Luhrsen Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Luhrsen Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Luins	properNoun	swe	Luins	properNoun	nor
Lukovit Point	properNoun	swe	Lukovit Point	properNoun	nor
Lule älv	properNoun	swe	Lule älv	properNoun	nor
Luleå kommun	properNoun	swe	Luleå kommune	properNoun	nor
Luleå stadshotell	properNoun	swe	Luleå stadshotell	properNoun	nor
Lully Foothills	properNoun	swe	Lully Foothills	properNoun	nor
Lully	properNoun	swe	Lully	properNoun	nor
Lulow Rock	properNoun	swe	Lulow Rock	properNoun	nor
Lumbrein	properNoun	swe	Lumbrein	properNoun	nor
Lummelundagrottan	properNoun	swe	Lummelundagrottan	properNoun	nor
Lumus	properNoun	swe	Lumus	properNoun	nor
Lunar Crag	properNoun	swe	Lunar Crag	properNoun	nor
Lunckeryggen	properNoun	swe	Lunckeryggen	properNoun	nor
Lundermoen	properNoun	swe	Lundermoen	properNoun	nor
Lundey	properNoun	swe	Lundey	properNoun	nor
Lunds kommun	properNoun	swe	Lund kommune	properNoun	nor
Lunds universitets historiska museum	properNoun	swe	Lunds universitets historiska museum	properNoun	nor
Lundsbrunn	properNoun	swe	Lundsbrunn	properNoun	nor
Lundsjön–Dammsjön	properNoun	swe	Lundsjön–Dammsjön	properNoun	nor
Lundström Knoll	properNoun	swe	Lundström Knoll	properNoun	nor
Lundsvedja	properNoun	swe	Lundsvedja	properNoun	nor
Lundy	properNoun	swe	Lundy	properNoun	nor
Lune	properNoun	swe	Lune	properNoun	nor
Lunga	properNoun	swe	Lunga	properNoun	nor
Lunik Point	properNoun	swe	Lunik Point	properNoun	nor
Lunnarp	properNoun	swe	Lunnarp	properNoun	nor
Lunner kyrka	properNoun	swe	Lunner kirke	properNoun	nor
Lunner kyrka	properNoun	swe	Lunner kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Lunéville	properNoun	swe	Lunéville	properNoun	nor
Luohe	properNoun	swe	Luohe	properNoun	nor
Luossajärvi	properNoun	swe	Luossajärvi	properNoun	nor
Luossavaara	properNoun	swe	Luossavaara	properNoun	nor
Lupfig	properNoun	swe	Lupfig	properNoun	nor
Lupiac	properNoun	swe	Lupiac	properNoun	nor
Lupsingen	properNoun	swe	Lupsingen	properNoun	nor
Lure	properNoun	swe	Lure	properNoun	nor
Lurker Rock	properNoun	swe	Lurker Rock	properNoun	nor
Lurtigen	properNoun	swe	Lurtigen	properNoun	nor
Lustrafjorden	properNoun	swe	Lustrafjorden	properNoun	nor
Lutande tornet i Pisa	properNoun	swe	Det skeive tårnet i Pisa	properNoun	nor
Lutaure	properNoun	swe	Lutaure	properNoun	nor
Luton	properNoun	swe	Luton	properNoun	nor
Lutsk	properNoun	swe	Lutsk	properNoun	nor
Lutter am Barenberge	properNoun	swe	Lutter am Barenberge	properNoun	nor
Lutterworth	properNoun	swe	Lutterworth	properNoun	nor
Lutz Hill	properNoun	swe	Lutz Hill	properNoun	nor
Lutzenberg	properNoun	swe	Lutzenberg	properNoun	nor
Luven	properNoun	swe	Luven	properNoun	nor
Luvsjön	properNoun	swe	Luvsjön	properNoun	nor
Luxembourg	properNoun	swe	Luxembourg	properNoun	nor
Luzein	properNoun	swe	Luzein	properNoun	nor
Luzhou	properNoun	swe	Luzhou	properNoun	nor
Luzon	properNoun	swe	Luzon	properNoun	nor
Lviv oblast	properNoun	swe	Lviv oblast	properNoun	nor
Lviv	properNoun	swe	Lviv	properNoun	nor
Lyceum Theatre	properNoun	swe	Lyceum Theatre	properNoun	nor
Lyckebyån	properNoun	swe	Lyckebyån	properNoun	nor
Lycksele kommun	properNoun	swe	Lycksele kommune	properNoun	nor
Lycksele	properNoun	swe	Lycksele	properNoun	nor
Lycksjön	properNoun	swe	Lycksjön	properNoun	nor
Lycée Condorcet	properNoun	swe	Lycée Condorcet	properNoun	nor
Lycée Henri IV	properNoun	swe	Lycée Henri IV	properNoun	nor
Lydd	properNoun	swe	Lydd	properNoun	nor
Lydien	properNoun	swe	Lydia	properNoun	nor
Lyftingen	properNoun	swe	Lyftingen	properNoun	nor
Lygnern	properNoun	swe	Lygnern	properNoun	nor
Lymburner	properNoun	swe	Lymburner	properNoun	nor
Lyme Regis	properNoun	swe	Lyme Regis	properNoun	nor
Lymington	properNoun	swe	Lymington	properNoun	nor
Lyndhurst	properNoun	swe	Lyndhurst	properNoun	nor
Lyndoch	properNoun	swe	Lyndoch	properNoun	nor
Lyngsfjord	properNoun	swe	Lyngen	properNoun	nor
Lyngsfjord	properNoun	swe	Lyngenfjorden	properNoun	nor
Lynæs	properNoun	swe	Lynæs	properNoun	nor
Lyon Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Lyon Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Lyons Cone	properNoun	swe	Lyons Cone	properNoun	nor
Lyrestad	properNoun	swe	Lyrestad	properNoun	nor
Lyric Theatre	properNoun	swe	Lyric Theatre	properNoun	nor
Lysaght	properNoun	swe	Lysaght	properNoun	nor
Lysakerelva	properNoun	swe	Lysakerelva	properNoun	nor
Lyse kloster	properNoun	swe	Lyse kloster	properNoun	nor
Lysekil	properNoun	swe	Lysekil	properNoun	nor
Lysekils kommun	properNoun	swe	Lysekil kommune	properNoun	nor
Lysgårdsbakken	properNoun	swe	Lysgårdsbakkane	properNoun	nor
Lysgårdsbakken	properNoun	swe	Lysgårdsbakkene	properNoun	nor
Lyskamm	properNoun	swe	Lyskamm	properNoun	nor
Lyss	properNoun	swe	Lyss	properNoun	nor
Lyssach	properNoun	swe	Lyssach	properNoun	nor
Lysva	properNoun	swe	Lysva	properNoun	nor
Lysvik	properNoun	swe	Lysvik	properNoun	nor
Lysøen	properNoun	swe	Lysøen	properNoun	nor
Lyttelton Range	properNoun	swe	Lyttelton Range	properNoun	nor
Lyttelton Ridge	properNoun	swe	Lyttelton Ridge	properNoun	nor
Lyutitsa Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Lyutitsa Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Läby	properNoun	swe	Läby	properNoun	nor
Läckeby	properNoun	swe	Läckeby	properNoun	nor
Lägh da Cavloc	properNoun	swe	Lägh da Cavloc	properNoun	nor
Längflue	properNoun	swe	Längflue	properNoun	nor
Länghem	properNoun	swe	Länghem	properNoun	nor
Länna	properNoun	swe	Länna	properNoun	nor
Lännässjön	properNoun	swe	Lännässjön	properNoun	nor
Läppe	properNoun	swe	Läppe	properNoun	nor
Lärbro	properNoun	swe	Lärbro	properNoun	nor
Lärjeån	properNoun	swe	Lärjeån	properNoun	nor
Läufelfingen	properNoun	swe	Läufelfingen	properNoun	nor
Lääne län	properNoun	swe	Lääne maakond	properNoun	nor
Lääne län	properNoun	swe	Lääne	properNoun	nor
Lågøya	properNoun	swe	Lågøya	properNoun	nor
Långan	properNoun	swe	Långan	properNoun	nor
Långasjö	properNoun	swe	Långasjö	properNoun	nor
Långban	properNoun	swe	Långban	properNoun	nor
Långfredagsskalvet i Alaska	properNoun	swe	Langfredagsjordskjelvet i Alaska	properNoun	nor
Långhalsen	properNoun	swe	Långhalsen	properNoun	nor
Långholmen	properNoun	swe	Långholmen	properNoun	nor
Långsand	properNoun	swe	Långsand	properNoun	nor
Långsele	properNoun	swe	Långsele	properNoun	nor
Långshyttan	properNoun	swe	Långshyttan	properNoun	nor
Långsjön	properNoun	swe	Långsjön	properNoun	nor
Långvik	properNoun	swe	Långvik	properNoun	nor
Långviksmon	properNoun	swe	Långviksmon	properNoun	nor
Långås	properNoun	swe	Långås	properNoun	nor
Låssby	properNoun	swe	Låssby	properNoun	nor
Lærdalstunneln	properNoun	swe	Lærdalstunnelen	properNoun	nor
Læsø kommun	properNoun	swe	Læsø kommune	properNoun	nor
Læsø	properNoun	swe	Læsø	properNoun	nor
Léchelles	properNoun	swe	Léchelles	properNoun	nor
Lélex	properNoun	swe	Lélex	properNoun	nor
Lítla Dímun	properNoun	swe	Lítla Dímun	properNoun	nor
López Nunatak	properNoun	swe	López Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Löberöd	properNoun	swe	Löberöd	properNoun	nor
Löddeköpinge	properNoun	swe	Löddeköpinge	properNoun	nor
Löderup	properNoun	swe	Löderup	properNoun	nor
Lödöse	properNoun	swe	Lödöse	properNoun	nor
Löffelhorn	properNoun	swe	Löffelhorn	properNoun	nor
Löftaskog	properNoun	swe	Löftaskog	properNoun	nor
Lögdeälven	properNoun	swe	Lögdeälven	properNoun	nor
Lögdeå	properNoun	swe	Lögdeå	properNoun	nor
Löhe	properNoun	swe	Löhe	properNoun	nor
Löhne	properNoun	swe	Löhne	properNoun	nor
Löningen	properNoun	swe	Löningen	properNoun	nor
Lönneberga	properNoun	swe	Lönneberga	properNoun	nor
Lönsboda	properNoun	swe	Lönsboda	properNoun	nor
Lötschental	properNoun	swe	Lötschental	properNoun	nor
Lötsjön	properNoun	swe	Lötsjön	properNoun	nor
Löttorp	properNoun	swe	Löttorp	properNoun	nor
Lövestad	properNoun	swe	Lövestad	properNoun	nor
Lövstalöt	properNoun	swe	Lövstalöt	properNoun	nor
Lövånger	properNoun	swe	Lövånger	properNoun	nor
Löwen	properNoun	swe	Löwen	properNoun	nor
Löwenberger Land	properNoun	swe	Löwenberger Land	properNoun	nor
Löwendorf	properNoun	swe	Löwendorf	properNoun	nor
Löwenstedt	properNoun	swe	Löwenstedt	properNoun	nor
Löwenstein	properNoun	swe	Löwenstein	properNoun	nor
Löwenströmska lasarettet	properNoun	swe	Löwenströmska lasarettet	properNoun	nor
Løkenfeltet	properNoun	swe	Løkenfeltet	properNoun	nor
Løkken Verk	properNoun	swe	Løkken Verk	properNoun	nor
Løpsmarka	properNoun	swe	Løpsmarka	properNoun	nor
Lørenbanen	properNoun	swe	Lørenbanen	properNoun	nor
Lørenfallet	properNoun	swe	Lørenfallet	properNoun	nor
Løstad	properNoun	swe	Løstad	properNoun	nor
Lübbecke	properNoun	swe	Lübbecke	properNoun	nor
Lübeckbukten	properNoun	swe	Lübeckbukta	properNoun	nor
Lübtheen	properNoun	swe	Lübtheen	properNoun	nor
Lübz	properNoun	swe	Lübz	properNoun	nor
Lüchow	properNoun	swe	Lüchow	properNoun	nor
Lüdenscheid	properNoun	swe	Lüdenscheid	properNoun	nor
Lüdinghausen	properNoun	swe	Lüdinghausen	properNoun	nor
Lüdingworth	properNoun	swe	Lüdingworth	properNoun	nor
Lüen	properNoun	swe	Lüen	properNoun	nor
Lügde	properNoun	swe	Lügde	properNoun	nor
Lüleburgaz	properNoun	swe	Lüleburgaz	properNoun	nor
Lüliang	properNoun	swe	Lüliang	properNoun	nor
Lüneburg	properNoun	swe	Lüneburg	properNoun	nor
Lüneburger Heide	properNoun	swe	Lüneburger Heide	properNoun	nor
Lünen	properNoun	swe	Lünen	properNoun	nor
Lüscherz	properNoun	swe	Lüscherz	properNoun	nor
Lüschgrat	properNoun	swe	Lüschgrat	properNoun	nor
Lütjenburg	properNoun	swe	Lütjenburg	properNoun	nor
Lütjensee	properNoun	swe	Lütjensee	properNoun	nor
Lütschental	properNoun	swe	Lütschental	properNoun	nor
Lütschine	properNoun	swe	Lütschine	properNoun	nor
Lützel	properNoun	swe	Lützel	properNoun	nor
Lützelflüh	properNoun	swe	Lützelflüh	properNoun	nor
Lėvuo	properNoun	swe	Lėvuo	properNoun	nor
Lębork	properNoun	swe	Lębork	properNoun	nor
Lệ Thủy	properNoun	swe	Le Thuy	properNoun	nor
L’Aquila	properNoun	swe	L'Aquila	properNoun	nor
M25	properNoun	swe	M25	properNoun	nor
Maadi	properNoun	swe	Maadi	properNoun	nor
Maaloula	properNoun	swe	Ma'loula	properNoun	nor
Maardu	properNoun	swe	Maardu	properNoun	nor
Maasen	properNoun	swe	Maasen	properNoun	nor
Maasholm	properNoun	swe	Maasholm	properNoun	nor
Maaske Dome	properNoun	swe	Maaske Dome	properNoun	nor
Maastricht	properNoun	swe	Maastricht	properNoun	nor
Mabus Point	properNoun	swe	Mabus Point	properNoun	nor
MacAlpine Hills	properNoun	swe	MacAlpine Hills	properNoun	nor
MacDonald Hills	properNoun	swe	MacDonald Hills	properNoun	nor
MacDonald Nunataks	properNoun	swe	MacDonald Nunataks	properNoun	nor
MacMillan Point	properNoun	swe	MacMillan Point	properNoun	nor
Macao	properNoun	swe	Macao	properNoun	nor
Macapá	properNoun	swe	Macapá	properNoun	nor
Macbain	properNoun	swe	Macbain	properNoun	nor
Macedonia	properNoun	swe	Makedonia	properNoun	nor
Maceió	properNoun	swe	Maceió	properNoun	nor
Macerata	properNoun	swe	Macerata	properNoun	nor
Machatjkala	properNoun	swe	Makhatsjkala	properNoun	nor
Machghara	properNoun	swe	Machgara	properNoun	nor
Machin Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Machin Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Machu Picchu	properNoun	swe	Machu Picchu	properNoun	nor
Mackay Mountains	properNoun	swe	Mackay Mountains	properNoun	nor
Mackellar	properNoun	swe	Mackellar	properNoun	nor
Mackenbach	properNoun	swe	Mackenbach	properNoun	nor
Mackenstein	properNoun	swe	Mackenstein	properNoun	nor
Mackey Rock	properNoun	swe	Mackey Rock	properNoun	nor
Mackinacbron	properNoun	swe	Mackinacbroen	properNoun	nor
Mackinacbron	properNoun	swe	Mackinacbrua	properNoun	nor
Macksville	properNoun	swe	Macksville	properNoun	nor
Maclaren Monolith	properNoun	swe	Maclaren Monolith	properNoun	nor
Macomb	properNoun	swe	Macomb	properNoun	nor
Macotera	properNoun	swe	Macotera	properNoun	nor
Macquarieön	properNoun	swe	Macquarieøya	properNoun	nor
Madaba	properNoun	swe	Madaba	properNoun	nor
Madame Tussauds	properNoun	swe	Madame Tussauds	properNoun	nor
Madan Saddle	properNoun	swe	Madan Saddle	properNoun	nor
Madeleine McCann	properNoun	swe	Madeleine McCann-saken	properNoun	nor
Madeleine McCann	properNoun	swe	Madeleine McCann	properNoun	nor
Madera	properNoun	swe	Madera	properNoun	nor
Madey Ridge	properNoun	swe	Madey Ridge	properNoun	nor
Madhya Pradesh	properNoun	swe	Madhya Pradesh	properNoun	nor
Madigan Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Madigan Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Madison County	properNoun	swe	Madison County	properNoun	nor
Madison Square Garden	properNoun	swe	Madison Square Garden	properNoun	nor
Madiswil	properNoun	swe	Madiswil	properNoun	nor
Madom da Sgióf	properNoun	swe	Madom da Sgióf	properNoun	nor
Madone di Càmedo	properNoun	swe	Madone di Càmedo	properNoun	nor
Madre de Dios	properNoun	swe	Madre de Dios	properNoun	nor
Madulain	properNoun	swe	Madulain	properNoun	nor
Madura	properNoun	swe	Madura	properNoun	nor
Madzharovo Point	properNoun	swe	Madzharovo Point	properNoun	nor
Madängsholm	properNoun	swe	Madängsholm	properNoun	nor
Maeshowe	properNoun	swe	Maeshowe	properNoun	nor
Mafraq	properNoun	swe	Mafraq	properNoun	nor
Magadan oblast	properNoun	swe	Magadan oblast	properNoun	nor
Magadan oblast	properNoun	swe	Magadan	properNoun	nor
Magadan	properNoun	swe	Magadan	properNoun	nor
Magas	properNoun	swe	Magas	properNoun	nor
Magdalenafloden	properNoun	swe	Magdalenaelven	properNoun	nor
Magdalenafloden	properNoun	swe	Magdalenaelva	properNoun	nor
Magdeburg	properNoun	swe	Magdeburg	properNoun	nor
Magden	properNoun	swe	Magden	properNoun	nor
Magelungen	properNoun	swe	Magelungen	properNoun	nor
Magelungsdiket	properNoun	swe	Magelungsdiket	properNoun	nor
Magenta	properNoun	swe	Magenta	properNoun	nor
Magerrain	properNoun	swe	Magerrain	properNoun	nor
Maghdouche	properNoun	swe	Maghdouché	properNoun	nor
Maghull	properNoun	swe	Maghull	properNoun	nor
Magliaso	properNoun	swe	Magliaso	properNoun	nor
Magnesien	properNoun	swe	Magnesia	properNoun	nor
Magnesien	properNoun	swe	Magnisía	properNoun	nor
Magnetiska sydpolen	properNoun	swe	Den magnetiske Sydpolen	properNoun	nor
Magnetiska sydpolen	properNoun	swe	Den magnetiske sørpolen	properNoun	nor
Magnis Ridge	properNoun	swe	Magnis Ridge	properNoun	nor
Magnis Valley	properNoun	swe	Magnis Valley	properNoun	nor
Magnitogorsk	properNoun	swe	Magnitogorsk	properNoun	nor
Magra	properNoun	swe	Magra	properNoun	nor
Maguan	properNoun	swe	Maguan	properNoun	nor
Mahanadi	properNoun	swe	Mahanadi	properNoun	nor
Maharashtra	properNoun	swe	Maharashtra	properNoun	nor
Maidenhead	properNoun	swe	Maidenhead	properNoun	nor
Maidstone	properNoun	swe	Maidstone	properNoun	nor
Maiduguri	properNoun	swe	Maiduguri	properNoun	nor
Maienfeld	properNoun	swe	Maienfeld	properNoun	nor
Maignan Point	properNoun	swe	Maignan Point	properNoun	nor
Maihaugen	properNoun	swe	Maihaugen	properNoun	nor
Main Crater	properNoun	swe	Main Crater	properNoun	nor
Mainau	properNoun	swe	Mainau	properNoun	nor
Mainland	properNoun	swe	Mainland	properNoun	nor
Mainsail Rock	properNoun	swe	Mainsail Rock	properNoun	nor
Maish Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Maish Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Maisprach	properNoun	swe	Maisprach	properNoun	nor
Maitri	properNoun	swe	Maitri	properNoun	nor
Maja Bogicaj	properNoun	swe	Maja Bogiçaj	properNoun	nor
Majadahonda	properNoun	swe	Majadahonda	properNoun	nor
Majdanek	properNoun	swe	Majdanek	properNoun	nor
Majestic Theatre	properNoun	swe	Majestic Theatre	properNoun	nor
Majinghorn	properNoun	swe	Majinghorn	properNoun	nor
Majorstuen station	properNoun	swe	Majorstuen stasjon	properNoun	nor
Majorstuen	properNoun	swe	Majorstua	properNoun	nor
Majorstuen	properNoun	swe	Majorstuen	properNoun	nor
Majuli	properNoun	swe	Majuli	properNoun	nor
Majuro	properNoun	swe	Majuro	properNoun	nor
Makah	properNoun	swe	Makah	properNoun	nor
Makalu	properNoun	swe	Makalu	properNoun	nor
Makaronesien	properNoun	swe	Makaronesia	properNoun	nor
Makarov	properNoun	swe	Makarov	properNoun	nor
Makassar	properNoun	swe	Makassar	properNoun	nor
Makassarsundet	properNoun	swe	Makassarstredet	properNoun	nor
Makassarsundet	properNoun	swe	Makassarsundet	properNoun	nor
Makijivka	properNoun	swe	Makijivka	properNoun	nor
Makpelagrottan	properNoun	swe	Makpela-hulen	properNoun	nor
Makpelagrottan	properNoun	swe	Patriarkgrotta	properNoun	nor
Makusjino	properNoun	swe	Makusjino	properNoun	nor
Mala	properNoun	swe	Mala	properNoun	nor
Malabarkusten	properNoun	swe	Malabarkysten	properNoun	nor
Malabo	properNoun	swe	Malabo	properNoun	nor
Malackahalvön	properNoun	swe	Malayahalvøya	properNoun	nor
Malakkastredet	properNoun	swe	Malakkastredet	properNoun	nor
Malackasundet	properNoun	swe	Malakkastredet	properNoun	nor
Malackasundet	properNoun	swe	Malakkasundet	properNoun	nor
Maladers	properNoun	swe	Maladers	properNoun	nor
Málaga	properNoun	swe	Málaga	properNoun	nor
Malaja Visjera	properNoun	swe	Malaja Visjera	properNoun	nor
Malamir Knoll	properNoun	swe	Malamir Knoll	properNoun	nor
Malang	properNoun	swe	Malang	properNoun	nor
Malangen	properNoun	swe	Malangen	properNoun	nor
Malans	properNoun	swe	Malans	properNoun	nor
Malatya	properNoun	swe	Malatya	properNoun	nor
Malawisjön	properNoun	swe	Malawisjøen	properNoun	nor
Malaysia Airlines Flight 17	properNoun	swe	Malaysia Airlines Flight 17	properNoun	nor
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370	properNoun	swe	Malaysia Airlines Flight 370	properNoun	nor
Malaysias Grand Prix	properNoun	swe	Malaysia Grand Prix	properNoun	nor
Malaysias Grand Prix	properNoun	swe	Malaysias Grand Prix	properNoun	nor
Malazgirt	properNoun	swe	Malazgirt	properNoun	nor
Malberg	properNoun	swe	Malberg	properNoun	nor
Maldon	properNoun	swe	Maldon	properNoun	nor
Maldonado	properNoun	swe	Maldonado	properNoun	nor
Malexander	properNoun	swe	Malexander	properNoun	nor
Malgomaj	properNoun	swe	Malgomaj	properNoun	nor
Malifederationen	properNoun	swe	Mali-føderasjonen	properNoun	nor
Malifederationen	properNoun	swe	Maliføderasjonen	properNoun	nor
Malin Head	properNoun	swe	Malin Head	properNoun	nor
Malin Valley	properNoun	swe	Malin Valley	properNoun	nor
Malipo	properNoun	swe	Malipo	properNoun	nor
Malleray	properNoun	swe	Malleray	properNoun	nor
Mallnow	properNoun	swe	Mallnow	properNoun	nor
Mallory Point	properNoun	swe	Mallory Point	properNoun	nor
Malmberget	properNoun	swe	Malmberget	properNoun	nor
Malmbäck	properNoun	swe	Malmbäck	properNoun	nor
Malmesjaure	properNoun	swe	Malmesjaure	properNoun	nor
Málmey	properNoun	swe	Málmey	properNoun	nor
Malmköping	properNoun	swe	Malmköping	properNoun	nor
Malmsjön	properNoun	swe	Malmsjön	properNoun	nor
Malmslätt	properNoun	swe	Malmslätt	properNoun	nor
Malmö Arena	properNoun	swe	Malmö Arena	properNoun	nor
Malmö Konsthall	properNoun	swe	Malmö Konsthall	properNoun	nor
Malmö isstadion	properNoun	swe	Malmö Isstadion	properNoun	nor
Malmö kommun	properNoun	swe	Malmö kommune	properNoun	nor
Malmö synagoga	properNoun	swe	Synagogen i Malmö	properNoun	nor
Malmömässan	properNoun	swe	Malmömässan	properNoun	nor
Malmøya	properNoun	swe	Malmøya	properNoun	nor
Maloja	properNoun	swe	Maloja	properNoun	nor
Malovitsa	properNoun	swe	Malovitsa	properNoun	nor
Malsch	properNoun	swe	Malsch	properNoun	nor
Malström	properNoun	swe	Malstraum	properNoun	nor
Malström	properNoun	swe	Malstrøm	properNoun	nor
Maltby	properNoun	swe	Maltby	properNoun	nor
Malteserorden	properNoun	swe	Maltesarordenen	properNoun	nor
Malteserorden	properNoun	swe	Malteserordenen	properNoun	nor
Malung	properNoun	swe	Malung	properNoun	nor
Malungsfors	properNoun	swe	Malungsfors	properNoun	nor
Malvern	properNoun	swe	Malvern	properNoun	nor
Malyutki Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Malyutki Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Malå kommun	properNoun	swe	Malå kommune	properNoun	nor
Malå	properNoun	swe	Malå	properNoun	nor
Malån	properNoun	swe	Malån	properNoun	nor
Malåträsket	properNoun	swe	Malåträsket	properNoun	nor
Malé	properNoun	swe	Malé	properNoun	nor
Mamadysj	properNoun	swe	Mamadysj	properNoun	nor
Mamers	properNoun	swe	Mamers	properNoun	nor
Mammoth Cave nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Mammoth-Flint Ridge Cave	properNoun	nor
Mammoth Cave nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Mammoth Cave nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Mammoth Lakes	properNoun	swe	Mammoth Lakes	properNoun	nor
Mammut	properNoun	swe	Mammut	properNoun	nor
Mamoudzou	properNoun	swe	Mamoudzou	properNoun	nor
Mamry	properNoun	swe	Mamry	properNoun	nor
Manama	properNoun	swe	Manama	properNoun	nor
Manaslu	properNoun	swe	Manaslu	properNoun	nor
Manato	properNoun	swe	Manato	properNoun	nor
Manbij	properNoun	swe	Manbij	properNoun	nor
Manche	properNoun	swe	Manche	properNoun	nor
Mandach	properNoun	swe	Mandach	properNoun	nor
Mandarich Massif	properNoun	swe	Mandarich Massif	properNoun	nor
Mandolin Hills	properNoun	swe	Mandolin Hills	properNoun	nor
Mandø	properNoun	swe	Mandø	properNoun	nor
Manfredonia	properNoun	swe	Manfredonia	properNoun	nor
Manfull Ridge	properNoun	swe	Manfull Ridge	properNoun	nor
Mangghystaw	properNoun	swe	Mangystau	properNoun	nor
Manhattan Theatre	properNoun	swe	Manhattan Theatre	properNoun	nor
Manhattanprojektet	properNoun	swe	Manhattanprosjektet	properNoun	nor
Manheim	properNoun	swe	Manheim	properNoun	nor
Maniitsoq	properNoun	swe	Maniitsoq	properNoun	nor
Manipur	properNoun	swe	Manipur	properNoun	nor
Manisa	properNoun	swe	Manisa	properNoun	nor
Manitoba	properNoun	swe	Manitoba	properNoun	nor
Manndalen	properNoun	swe	Manndalen	properNoun	nor
Manneken Pis	properNoun	swe	Manneken Pis	properNoun	nor
Mannes College of Music	properNoun	swe	Mannes College of Music	properNoun	nor
Manning Massif	properNoun	swe	Manning Massif	properNoun	nor
Manning Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Manning Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Manningtree	properNoun	swe	Manningtree	properNoun	nor
Manresa	properNoun	swe	Manresa	properNoun	nor
Mansfeld	properNoun	swe	Mansfeld	properNoun	nor
Mantorp	properNoun	swe	Mantorp	properNoun	nor
Mantua	properNoun	swe	Mantova	properNoun	nor
Manzanares	properNoun	swe	Manzanares	properNoun	nor
Maoming	properNoun	swe	Maoming	properNoun	nor
Maracaibosjön	properNoun	swe	Maracaibosjøen	properNoun	nor
Maracanã	properNoun	swe	Maracanã	properNoun	nor
Marajó	properNoun	swe	Marajó	properNoun	nor
Maranhão	properNoun	swe	Maranhão	properNoun	nor
Marañón	properNoun	swe	Marañón	properNoun	nor
Marbach am Neckar	properNoun	swe	Marbach am Neckar	properNoun	nor
Marble Arch	properNoun	swe	Marble Arch	properNoun	nor
Marble Bar	properNoun	swe	Marble Bar	properNoun	nor
Marble Hills	properNoun	swe	Marble Hills	properNoun	nor
Marble Knolls	properNoun	swe	Marble Knolls	properNoun	nor
Marburg	properNoun	swe	Marburg	properNoun	nor
Marbäck	properNoun	swe	Marbäck	properNoun	nor
March	properNoun	swe	March	properNoun	nor
Marchena	properNoun	swe	Marchena	properNoun	nor
Marchhorn	properNoun	swe	Marchhorn	properNoun	nor
Marchissy	properNoun	swe	Marchissy	properNoun	nor
Marcona	properNoun	swe	Marcona	properNoun	nor
Marcos Paz	properNoun	swe	Marcos Paz	properNoun	nor
Marcoux Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Marcoux Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Mardalsfossen	properNoun	swe	Mardalsfossen	properNoun	nor
Mardin	properNoun	swe	Mardin	properNoun	nor
Marescot Ridge	properNoun	swe	Marescot Ridge	properNoun	nor
Marescot	properNoun	swe	Marescot	properNoun	nor
Marettimo	properNoun	swe	Marettimo	properNoun	nor
Margate	properNoun	swe	Margate	properNoun	nor
Margretetorp	properNoun	swe	Margretetorp	properNoun	nor
Marhanets	properNoun	swe	Marhanets	properNoun	nor
Maria Magdalena församling	properNoun	swe	Maria Magdalena församling	properNoun	nor
Maria Magdalena kyrkogård	properNoun	swe	Maria Magdalena kyrkogård	properNoun	nor
Mariagerfjords kommun	properNoun	swe	Mariagerfjord kommune	properNoun	nor
Mariakirken i Bergen	properNoun	swe	Mariakyrkja i Bergen	properNoun	nor
Marianergraven	properNoun	swe	Marianegropa	properNoun	nor
Marianergraven	properNoun	swe	Marianergropen	properNoun	nor
Marianerna	properNoun	swe	Marianane	properNoun	nor
Marianerna	properNoun	swe	Marianene	properNoun	nor
Mariannelund	properNoun	swe	Mariannelund	properNoun	nor
Maribo	properNoun	swe	Maribo	properNoun	nor
Maribor	properNoun	swe	Maribor	properNoun	nor
Maridalen	properNoun	swe	Maridalen	properNoun	nor
Maridalsvannet	properNoun	swe	Maridalsvannet	properNoun	nor
Marie Byrds land	properNoun	swe	Marie Byrd Land	properNoun	nor
Marieberg	properNoun	swe	Marieberg	properNoun	nor
Marieby	properNoun	swe	Marieby	properNoun	nor
Mariedal	properNoun	swe	Mariedal	properNoun	nor
Mariehamn	properNoun	swe	Mariehamn	properNoun	nor
Marieholm	properNoun	swe	Marieholm	properNoun	nor
Marielund	properNoun	swe	Marielund	properNoun	nor
Marienbaum	properNoun	swe	Marienbaum	properNoun	nor
Marienberg	properNoun	swe	Marienberg	properNoun	nor
Marienborg	properNoun	swe	Marienborg	properNoun	nor
Marienfeld	properNoun	swe	Marienfeld	properNoun	nor
Marienlyst Stadion	properNoun	swe	Marienlyst stadion	properNoun	nor
Marienmünster	properNoun	swe	Marienmünster	properNoun	nor
Marienthal	properNoun	swe	Marienthal	properNoun	nor
Mariestads kommun	properNoun	swe	Mariestad kommune	properNoun	nor
Marifjøra	properNoun	swe	Marifjøra	properNoun	nor
Marigot	properNoun	swe	Marigot	properNoun	nor
Mariinskijteatern	properNoun	swe	Mariinskij-teateret	properNoun	nor
Mariinskijteatern	properNoun	swe	Mariinskij-teatret	properNoun	nor
Marij El	properNoun	swe	Mari El	properNoun	nor
Marijampolė	properNoun	swe	Marijampolė	properNoun	nor
Mariner Hill	properNoun	swe	Mariner Hill	properNoun	nor
Marinette County	properNoun	swe	Marinette County	properNoun	nor
Marinovic Beach	properNoun	swe	Marinovic Beach	properNoun	nor
Marion Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Marion Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Maris Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Maris Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Maritsa	properNoun	swe	Maritsa	properNoun	nor
Mariupol	properNoun	swe	Mariupol	properNoun	nor
Marjayoûn	properNoun	swe	Marjayoun	properNoun	nor
Marjayoûn	properNoun	swe	Marjeyoun	properNoun	nor
Mark Hellinger Theatre	properNoun	swe	Mark Hellinger Theatre	properNoun	nor
Markaba	properNoun	swe	Markaba	properNoun	nor
Markaryds kommun	properNoun	swe	Markaryd kommune	properNoun	nor
Markazi	properNoun	swe	Markazi	properNoun	nor
Markdorf	properNoun	swe	Markdorf	properNoun	nor
Marke	properNoun	swe	Marke	properNoun	nor
Markeli Point	properNoun	swe	Markeli Point	properNoun	nor
Marker Rock	properNoun	swe	Marker Rock	properNoun	nor
Markersdorf	properNoun	swe	Markersdorf	properNoun	nor
Market Rasen	properNoun	swe	Market Rasen	properNoun	nor
Market Weighton	properNoun	swe	Market Weighton	properNoun	nor
Markgröningen	properNoun	swe	Markgröningen	properNoun	nor
Markham Plateau	properNoun	swe	Markham Plateau	properNoun	nor
Marklohe	properNoun	swe	Marklohe	properNoun	nor
Marks kommun	properNoun	swe	Mark kommune	properNoun	nor
Markt Nordheim	properNoun	swe	Markt Nordheim	properNoun	nor
Marktl	properNoun	swe	Marktl	properNoun	nor
Marl	properNoun	swe	Marl	properNoun	nor
Marlborough College	properNoun	swe	Marlborough College	properNoun	nor
Marly	properNoun	swe	Marly	properNoun	nor
Marma	properNoun	swe	Marma	properNoun	nor
Marmande	properNoun	swe	Marmande	properNoun	nor
Marmarahavet	properNoun	swe	Marmarahavet	properNoun	nor
Marmarasjön	properNoun	swe	Marmarahavet	properNoun	nor
Marmaris	properNoun	swe	Marmaris	properNoun	nor
Marmaskogen	properNoun	swe	Marmaskogen	properNoun	nor
Marmaverken	properNoun	swe	Marmaverken	properNoun	nor
Marmerenjauretje	properNoun	swe	Marmerenjauretje	properNoun	nor
Marmolada	properNoun	swe	Marmolada	properNoun	nor
Marmorbyn	properNoun	swe	Marmorbyn	properNoun	nor
Marmorera	properNoun	swe	Marmorera	properNoun	nor
Marne	properNoun	swe	Marne	properNoun	nor
Marpe	properNoun	swe	Marpe	properNoun	nor
Marquee Club	properNoun	swe	Marquee Club	properNoun	nor
Marquesasöarna	properNoun	swe	Marquesasøyane	properNoun	nor
Marquesasöarna	properNoun	swe	Marquesasøyene	properNoun	nor
Marriner	properNoun	swe	Marriner	properNoun	nor
Mars Hills	properNoun	swe	Mars Hills	properNoun	nor
Marsberg	properNoun	swe	Marsberg	properNoun	nor
Marscheid	properNoun	swe	Marscheid	properNoun	nor
Marsens	properNoun	swe	Marsens	properNoun	nor
Marsh Ridge	properNoun	swe	Marsh Ridge	properNoun	nor
Marshall Mountains	properNoun	swe	Marshall Mountains	properNoun	nor
Marshall Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Marshall Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Marshall Stream	properNoun	swe	Marshall Stream	properNoun	nor
Marshall Valley	properNoun	swe	Marshall Valley	properNoun	nor
Marsland	properNoun	swe	Marsland	properNoun	nor
Marstrand	properNoun	swe	Marstrand	properNoun	nor
Marten	properNoun	swe	Marten	properNoun	nor
Martensøya	properNoun	swe	Martensøya	properNoun	nor
Martigny	properNoun	swe	Martigny	properNoun	nor
Martin Dome	properNoun	swe	Martin Dome	properNoun	nor
Martin Massif	properNoun	swe	Martin Massif	properNoun	nor
Martin Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Martin Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Martina Franca	properNoun	swe	Martina Franca	properNoun	nor
Martinborough	properNoun	swe	Martinborough	properNoun	nor
Martschenspitz	properNoun	swe	Martschenspitz	properNoun	nor
Marty Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Marty Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Marviken	properNoun	swe	Marviken	properNoun	nor
Marvin Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Marvin Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Marwick	properNoun	swe	Marwick	properNoun	nor
Marxzell	properNoun	swe	Marxzell	properNoun	nor
Marycha	properNoun	swe	Marycha	properNoun	nor
Marylebone	properNoun	swe	Marylebone	properNoun	nor
Maryport	properNoun	swe	Maryport	properNoun	nor
Marzahn	properNoun	swe	Marzahn	properNoun	nor
Marzolf	properNoun	swe	Marzolf	properNoun	nor
Marégraphe	properNoun	swe	Marégraphe	properNoun	nor
Masan	properNoun	swe	Masan	properNoun	nor
Masein	properNoun	swe	Masein	properNoun	nor
Maseru	properNoun	swe	Maseru	properNoun	nor
Maskarenerna	properNoun	swe	Maskarenane	properNoun	nor
Maskarenerna	properNoun	swe	Maskarenene	properNoun	nor
Maslen	properNoun	swe	Maslen	properNoun	nor
Masnedø	properNoun	swe	Masnedø	properNoun	nor
Masnàn	properNoun	swe	Masnàn	properNoun	nor
Mason Neck	properNoun	swe	Mason Neck	properNoun	nor
Mason Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Mason Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Masoviens vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Masoviske voivodskap	properNoun	nor
Massa	properNoun	swe	Massa	properNoun	nor
Massachusetts Institute of Technology	properNoun	swe	Massachusetts Institute of Technology	properNoun	nor
Massakern i Odessa	properNoun	swe	Odessamassakren	properNoun	nor
Massakern vid Wounded Knee	properNoun	swe	Massakren ved Wounded Knee	properNoun	nor
Massam	properNoun	swe	Massam	properNoun	nor
Massen	properNoun	swe	Massen	properNoun	nor
Massey Heights	properNoun	swe	Massey Heights	properNoun	nor
Masson Range	properNoun	swe	Masson Range	properNoun	nor
Massongex	properNoun	swe	Massongex	properNoun	nor
Massonnens	properNoun	swe	Massonnens	properNoun	nor
Mast Hill	properNoun	swe	Mast Hill	properNoun	nor
Masterton	properNoun	swe	Masterton	properNoun	nor
Masuriska sjöarna	properNoun	swe	Dei masuriske sjøane	properNoun	nor
Masuriska sjöarna	properNoun	swe	Det masuriske innsjøplatå	properNoun	nor
Masyaf	properNoun	swe	Masyaf	properNoun	nor
Matador Mountain	properNoun	swe	Matador Mountain	properNoun	nor
Matamata	properNoun	swe	Matamata	properNoun	nor
Mataró	properNoun	swe	Mataró	properNoun	nor
Matelica	properNoun	swe	Matelica	properNoun	nor
Matera	properNoun	swe	Matera	properNoun	nor
Mateus	properNoun	swe	Mateus	properNoun	nor
Matfors	properNoun	swe	Matfors	properNoun	nor
Mathewson Point	properNoun	swe	Mathewson Point	properNoun	nor
Mathis Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Mathis Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Mathod	properNoun	swe	Mathod	properNoun	nor
Mathon	properNoun	swe	Mathon	properNoun	nor
Mathura	properNoun	swe	Mathura	properNoun	nor
Mathys Bank	properNoun	swe	Mathys Bank	properNoun	nor
Matienzo	properNoun	swe	Matienzo	properNoun	nor
Mato Grosso do Sul	properNoun	swe	Mato Grosso do Sul	properNoun	nor
Mato Grosso	properNoun	swe	Mato Grosso	properNoun	nor
Mátra	properNoun	swe	Mátra	properNoun	nor
Matran	properNoun	swe	Matran	properNoun	nor
Matrei in Osttirol	properNoun	swe	Matrei in Osttirol	properNoun	nor
Matsch Ridge	properNoun	swe	Matsch Ridge	properNoun	nor
Matsumoto Pond	properNoun	swe	Matsumoto Pond	properNoun	nor
Matten bei Interlaken	properNoun	swe	Matten bei Interlaken	properNoun	nor
Matterhorn	properNoun	swe	Matterhorn	properNoun	nor
Mattertal	properNoun	swe	Mattertal	properNoun	nor
Mattjisch Horn	properNoun	swe	Mattjisch Horn	properNoun	nor
Mattstetten	properNoun	swe	Mattstetten	properNoun	nor
Mattwaldhorn	properNoun	swe	Mattwaldhorn	properNoun	nor
Mauer	properNoun	swe	Mauer	properNoun	nor
Mauger Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Mauger Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Maulbronn	properNoun	swe	Maulbronn	properNoun	nor
Mauna Kea	properNoun	swe	Mauna Kea	properNoun	nor
Mauna Loa	properNoun	swe	Mauna Loa	properNoun	nor
Maura	properNoun	swe	Maura	properNoun	nor
Mauranger	properNoun	swe	Mauranger	properNoun	nor
Mauraz	properNoun	swe	Mauraz	properNoun	nor
Mauren	properNoun	swe	Mauren	properNoun	nor
Mauriac	properNoun	swe	Mauriac	properNoun	nor
Mauritshuis	properNoun	swe	Mauritshuis	properNoun	nor
Mawson Coast	properNoun	swe	Mawson Coast	properNoun	nor
Mawson Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Mawson Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Mawsonhavet	properNoun	swe	Mawsonhavet	properNoun	nor
Maxine Elliott Theatre	properNoun	swe	Maxine Elliott Theatre	properNoun	nor
Maya Mountain	properNoun	swe	Maya Mountain	properNoun	nor
Mayenne	properNoun	swe	Mayenne	properNoun	nor
Mayer Crags	properNoun	swe	Mayer Crags	properNoun	nor
Mayer Hills	properNoun	swe	Mayer Hills	properNoun	nor
Mayfair Theatre	properNoun	swe	Mayfair Theatre	properNoun	nor
Mayfair	properNoun	swe	Mayfair	properNoun	nor
Mayman Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Mayman Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Mayo	properNoun	swe	Mayo	properNoun	nor
Mayon	properNoun	swe	Mayon	properNoun	nor
Maywood	properNoun	swe	Maywood	properNoun	nor
Mazamet	properNoun	swe	Mazamet	properNoun	nor
Mazandaran	properNoun	swe	Mazandaran	properNoun	nor
Mazara del Vallo	properNoun	swe	Mazara del Vallo	properNoun	nor
Máze kyrka	properNoun	swe	Masi kirke	properNoun	nor
Máze kyrka	properNoun	swe	Masi kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Máze	properNoun	swe	Masi	properNoun	nor
Mažeikiai	properNoun	swe	Mažeikiai	properNoun	nor
Mazza Point	properNoun	swe	Mazza Point	properNoun	nor
Mbabane	properNoun	swe	Mbabane	properNoun	nor
McAllister Hills	properNoun	swe	McAllister Hills	properNoun	nor
McCallum Pass	properNoun	swe	McCallum Pass	properNoun	nor
McCann Point	properNoun	swe	McCann Point	properNoun	nor
McCann	properNoun	swe	McCann	properNoun	nor
McCarthy Nunatak	properNoun	swe	McCarthy Nunatak	properNoun	nor
McCarthy Road	properNoun	swe	McCarthy Road	properNoun	nor
McCarthy Valley	properNoun	swe	McCarthy Valley	properNoun	nor
McCaslin Nunatak	properNoun	swe	McCaslin Nunatak	properNoun	nor
McCauley Rock	properNoun	swe	McCauley Rock	properNoun	nor
McClary Ridge	properNoun	swe	McClary Ridge	properNoun	nor
McClintock Point	properNoun	swe	McClintock Point	properNoun	nor
McClintock	properNoun	swe	McClintock	properNoun	nor
McCrilliss Nunatak	properNoun	swe	McCrilliss Nunatak	properNoun	nor
McCuddin Mountains	properNoun	swe	McCuddin Mountains	properNoun	nor
McDaniel Nunatak	properNoun	swe	McDaniel Nunatak	properNoun	nor
McDonald Beach	properNoun	swe	McDonald Beach	properNoun	nor
McDonald Heights	properNoun	swe	McDonald Heights	properNoun	nor
McDonough Nunataks	properNoun	swe	McDonough Nunataks	properNoun	nor
McGee Rock	properNoun	swe	McGee Rock	properNoun	nor
McGrath Nunatak	properNoun	swe	McGrath Nunatak	properNoun	nor
McIntosh County	properNoun	swe	McIntosh County	properNoun	nor
McIntyre Promontory	properNoun	swe	McIntyre Promontory	properNoun	nor
McKaskle Hills	properNoun	swe	McKaskle Hills	properNoun	nor
McKay Valley	properNoun	swe	McKay Valley	properNoun	nor
McKelvey Valley	properNoun	swe	McKelvey Valley	properNoun	nor
McKenzie Nunatak	properNoun	swe	McKenzie Nunatak	properNoun	nor
McKercher	properNoun	swe	McKercher	properNoun	nor
McKinley Nunatak	properNoun	swe	McKinley Nunatak	properNoun	nor
McLaren Ridge	properNoun	swe	McLaren Ridge	properNoun	nor
McLaren Vale	properNoun	swe	McLaren Vale	properNoun	nor
McLaren	properNoun	swe	McLaren	properNoun	nor
McLea Nunatak	properNoun	swe	McLea Nunatak	properNoun	nor
McLean Nunataks	properNoun	swe	McLean Nunataks	properNoun	nor
McLennan County	properNoun	swe	McLennan County	properNoun	nor
McLeod Massif	properNoun	swe	McLeod Massif	properNoun	nor
McLeod Nunataks	properNoun	swe	McLeod Nunataks	properNoun	nor
McNab	properNoun	swe	McNab	properNoun	nor
McNair Nunatak	properNoun	swe	McNair Nunatak	properNoun	nor
McRae	properNoun	swe	McRae	properNoun	nor
McSweeney Point	properNoun	swe	McSweeney Point	properNoun	nor
Meade Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Meade Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Meadville	properNoun	swe	Meadville	properNoun	nor
Meaux	properNoun	swe	Meaux	properNoun	nor
Mechernich	properNoun	swe	Mechernich	properNoun	nor
Mechow	properNoun	swe	Mechow	properNoun	nor
Mechtshausen	properNoun	swe	Mechtshausen	properNoun	nor
Meckenheim	properNoun	swe	Meckenheim	properNoun	nor
Mecklenburgbukten	properNoun	swe	Mecklenburgbukta	properNoun	nor
Mecklenburgbukten	properNoun	swe	Mecklenburgbukten	properNoun	nor
Meda	properNoun	swe	Meda	properNoun	nor
Medan	properNoun	swe	Medan	properNoun	nor
Medebach	properNoun	swe	Medebach	properNoun	nor
Medel	properNoun	swe	Medel	properNoun	nor
Medelby	properNoun	swe	Medelby	properNoun	nor
Medelhavsländer	properNoun	swe	Middelhavsland	properNoun	nor
Medelhavsländer	properNoun	swe	Middelhavslandene	properNoun	nor
Medellín	properNoun	swe	Medellín	properNoun	nor
Medelpad	properNoun	swe	Medelpad	properNoun	nor
Međimurjes län	properNoun	swe	Međimurje	properNoun	nor
Medina	properNoun	swe	Medina	properNoun	nor
Medinaceli	properNoun	swe	Medinaceli	properNoun	nor
Medindie	properNoun	swe	Medindie	properNoun	nor
Medio Campidano	properNoun	swe	Medio Campidano	properNoun	nor
Medle	properNoun	swe	Medle	properNoun	nor
Medstead	properNoun	swe	Medstead	properNoun	nor
Medvedjek	properNoun	swe	Medvedjek	properNoun	nor
Medvednica	properNoun	swe	Medvednica	properNoun	nor
Medvezjegorsk	properNoun	swe	Medvezjegorsk	properNoun	nor
Medvezjiöarna	properNoun	swe	Medvezjiøyane	properNoun	nor
Medvezjiöarna	properNoun	swe	Medvezjiøyene	properNoun	nor
Medåker	properNoun	swe	Medåker	properNoun	nor
Meeks	properNoun	swe	Meeks	properNoun	nor
Meerbusch	properNoun	swe	Meerbusch	properNoun	nor
Meerholz	properNoun	swe	Meerholz	properNoun	nor
Meersburg	properNoun	swe	Meersburg	properNoun	nor
Mefford Knoll	properNoun	swe	Mefford Knoll	properNoun	nor
Megalestris Hill	properNoun	swe	Megalestris Hill	properNoun	nor
Megalopolis	properNoun	swe	Megalopoli	properNoun	nor
Megalopolis	properNoun	swe	Megalópoli	properNoun	nor
Megara	properNoun	swe	Megara	properNoun	nor
Megara	properNoun	swe	Mégara	properNoun	nor
Meghalaya	properNoun	swe	Meghalaya	properNoun	nor
Meghna	properNoun	swe	Meghna	properNoun	nor
Megève	properNoun	swe	Megève	properNoun	nor
Mehammarsåto	properNoun	swe	Mehammarsåto	properNoun	nor
Mehamn flygplats	properNoun	swe	Mehamn lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Mehamn flygplats	properNoun	swe	Mehamn lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Mehamn	properNoun	swe	Mehamn	properNoun	nor
Mehedeby	properNoun	swe	Mehedeby	properNoun	nor
Mehr	properNoun	swe	Mehr	properNoun	nor
Mehrhoog	properNoun	swe	Mehrhoog	properNoun	nor
Mehring	properNoun	swe	Mehring	properNoun	nor
Meienried	properNoun	swe	Meienried	properNoun	nor
Meier Valley	properNoun	swe	Meier Valley	properNoun	nor
Meikirch	properNoun	swe	Meikirch	properNoun	nor
Meiland	properNoun	swe	Meiland	properNoun	nor
Meilen	properNoun	swe	Meilen	properNoun	nor
Meinerzhagen	properNoun	swe	Meinerzhagen	properNoun	nor
Meinhard	properNoun	swe	Meinhard	properNoun	nor
Meinier	properNoun	swe	Meinier	properNoun	nor
Meinisberg	properNoun	swe	Meinisberg	properNoun	nor
Meiringen	properNoun	swe	Meiringen	properNoun	nor
Meiringen	properNoun	swe	Meyringen	properNoun	nor
Meisenbach	properNoun	swe	Meisenbach	properNoun	nor
Meishan	properNoun	swe	Meishan	properNoun	nor
Meister	properNoun	swe	Meister	properNoun	nor
Meisterschwanden	properNoun	swe	Meisterschwanden	properNoun	nor
Meiswinkel	properNoun	swe	Meiswinkel	properNoun	nor
Meizhou	properNoun	swe	Meizhou	properNoun	nor
Meißen	properNoun	swe	Meißen	properNoun	nor
Mejiro	properNoun	swe	Mejiro	properNoun	nor
Mekka	properNoun	swe	Mekka	properNoun	nor
Melandsvågen	properNoun	swe	Melandsvågen	properNoun	nor
Melania	properNoun	swe	Melania	properNoun	nor
Melba Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Melba Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Melbeck	properNoun	swe	Melbeck	properNoun	nor
Melbert Rocks	properNoun	swe	Melbert Rocks	properNoun	nor
Melbu kyrka	properNoun	swe	Melbu kirke	properNoun	nor
Melbu kyrka	properNoun	swe	Melbu kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Melchnau	properNoun	swe	Melchnau	properNoun	nor
Meldorf	properNoun	swe	Meldorf	properNoun	nor
Melekeok	properNoun	swe	Melekeok	properNoun	nor
Meleuz	properNoun	swe	Meleuz	properNoun	nor
Melilla	properNoun	swe	Melilla	properNoun	nor
Melitopol	properNoun	swe	Melitopol	properNoun	nor
Melkøya	properNoun	swe	Melkøya	properNoun	nor
Mellansel	properNoun	swe	Mellansel	properNoun	nor
Mellau	properNoun	swe	Mellau	properNoun	nor
Mellbystrand	properNoun	swe	Mellbystrand	properNoun	nor
Melle	properNoun	swe	Melle	properNoun	nor
Mellebynuten	properNoun	swe	Mellebynuten	properNoun	nor
Mellen	properNoun	swe	Mellen	properNoun	nor
Mellersta Ungern	properNoun	swe	Sentral-Ungarn	properNoun	nor
Melleruds kommun	properNoun	swe	Mellerud kommune	properNoun	nor
Mellikon	properNoun	swe	Mellikon	properNoun	nor
Mellingen	properNoun	swe	Mellingen	properNoun	nor
Mello Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Mello Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Mellona Rocks	properNoun	swe	Mellona Rocks	properNoun	nor
Mellsjön	properNoun	swe	Mellsjön	properNoun	nor
Mellösa	properNoun	swe	Mellösa	properNoun	nor
Melnik Ridge	properNoun	swe	Melnik Ridge	properNoun	nor
Melta Point	properNoun	swe	Melta Point	properNoun	nor
Meltham	properNoun	swe	Meltham	properNoun	nor
Meltingen	properNoun	swe	Meltingen	properNoun	nor
Melton Mowbray	properNoun	swe	Melton Mowbray	properNoun	nor
Melun	properNoun	swe	Melun	properNoun	nor
Melville Highlands	properNoun	swe	Melville Highlands	properNoun	nor
Melvilleön	properNoun	swe	Melvilleøya i Australia	properNoun	nor
Melvilleön	properNoun	swe	Melvilleøya i Canada	properNoun	nor
Melvold Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Melvold Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Memelland	properNoun	swe	Memelland	properNoun	nor
Memleben	properNoun	swe	Memleben	properNoun	nor
Memurubu	properNoun	swe	Memurubu	properNoun	nor
Mende	properNoun	swe	Mende	properNoun	nor
Menden	properNoun	swe	Menden	properNoun	nor
Menderes	properNoun	swe	Menderes	properNoun	nor
Mendori Zima	properNoun	swe	Mendori-jima	properNoun	nor
Mendoza	properNoun	swe	Mendoza	properNoun	nor
Menelaus Ridge	properNoun	swe	Menelaus Ridge	properNoun	nor
Menen	properNoun	swe	Menen	properNoun	nor
Mengede	properNoun	swe	Mengede	properNoun	nor
Mengen	properNoun	swe	Mengen	properNoun	nor
Mengler Hill	properNoun	swe	Mengler Hill	properNoun	nor
Menlo Park	properNoun	swe	Menlo Park	properNoun	nor
Menorca	properNoun	swe	Menorca	properNoun	nor
Menster Ledge	properNoun	swe	Menster Ledge	properNoun	nor
Mentzelfjellet	properNoun	swe	Mentzelfjellet	properNoun	nor
Menzel	properNoun	swe	Menzel	properNoun	nor
Menzelinsk	properNoun	swe	Menzelinsk	properNoun	nor
Menziken	properNoun	swe	Menziken	properNoun	nor
Merano	properNoun	swe	Meran	properNoun	nor
Mercanton Heights	properNoun	swe	Mercanton Heights	properNoun	nor
Mercer Ridge	properNoun	swe	Mercer Ridge	properNoun	nor
Mercia	properNoun	swe	Kongedømmet Mercia	properNoun	nor
Mercia	properNoun	swe	Mercia	properNoun	nor
Mercy	properNoun	swe	Mercy	properNoun	nor
Merenschwand	properNoun	swe	Merenschwand	properNoun	nor
Mericle Rock	properNoun	swe	Mericle Rock	properNoun	nor
Meride	properNoun	swe	Meride	properNoun	nor
Merkendorf	properNoun	swe	Merkendorf	properNoun	nor
Merl	properNoun	swe	Merl	properNoun	nor
Merlänna	properNoun	swe	Merlänna	properNoun	nor
Meron	properNoun	swe	Meron	properNoun	nor
Meroë	properNoun	swe	Meroe	properNoun	nor
Meroë	properNoun	swe	Meroë	properNoun	nor
Merrill	properNoun	swe	Merrill	properNoun	nor
Mersch	properNoun	swe	Mersch	properNoun	nor
Mersey	properNoun	swe	Mersey	properNoun	nor
Merseyside	properNoun	swe	Merseyside	properNoun	nor
Mersin	properNoun	swe	Mersin	properNoun	nor
Merten	properNoun	swe	Merten	properNoun	nor
Merthyr Tydfil	properNoun	swe	Merthyr Tydfil	properNoun	nor
Merzdorf	properNoun	swe	Merzdorf	properNoun	nor
Merzenich	properNoun	swe	Merzenich	properNoun	nor
Merzifon	properNoun	swe	Merzifon	properNoun	nor
Merzligen	properNoun	swe	Merzligen	properNoun	nor
Mesa Range	properNoun	swe	Mesa Range	properNoun	nor
Mesa	properNoun	swe	Mesa	properNoun	nor
Meschede	properNoun	swe	Meschede	properNoun	nor
Mesocco	properNoun	swe	Mesocco	properNoun	nor
Mesolcina	properNoun	swe	Mesolcina	properNoun	nor
Mesopotamien	properNoun	swe	Mesopotamia	properNoun	nor
Messen	properNoun	swe	Messen	properNoun	nor
Messenien	properNoun	swe	Messenia	properNoun	nor
Messenien	properNoun	swe	Messinía	properNoun	nor
Messeniska viken	properNoun	swe	Messeniabukten	properNoun	nor
Messeniska viken	properNoun	swe	Messiníabukta	properNoun	nor
Messinasundet	properNoun	swe	Messinastredet	properNoun	nor
Messinasundet	properNoun	swe	Messinasundet	properNoun	nor
Messkirch	properNoun	swe	Meßkirch	properNoun	nor
Messolonghi	properNoun	swe	Mesolóngi	properNoun	nor
Mesta	properNoun	swe	Mesta	properNoun	nor
Meta	properNoun	swe	Meta	properNoun	nor
Metaris Valley	properNoun	swe	Metaris Valley	properNoun	nor
Metavolcanic Mountain	properNoun	swe	Metavolcanic Mountain	properNoun	nor
Metchnikoff	properNoun	swe	Metchnikoff	properNoun	nor
Metelen	properNoun	swe	Metelen	properNoun	nor
Meteorite Hills	properNoun	swe	Meteorite Hills	properNoun	nor
Meteoritnedslaget i Ryssland	properNoun	swe	Meteoroidehendinga i Russland	properNoun	nor
Meteorologisk institutt	properNoun	swe	Meteorologisk institutt	properNoun	nor
Methone	properNoun	swe	Methóni	properNoun	nor
Metro Manila	properNoun	swe	Metro Manila	properNoun	nor
Metropolitan Museum of Art	properNoun	swe	Metropolitan Museum of Art	properNoun	nor
Metropolitan Opera House	properNoun	swe	Metropolitan Opera House	properNoun	nor
Metsakalmistu	properNoun	swe	Metsakalmistu	properNoun	nor
Mettauertal	properNoun	swe	Mettauertal	properNoun	nor
Mettelhorn	properNoun	swe	Mettelhorn	properNoun	nor
Mettembert	properNoun	swe	Mettembert	properNoun	nor
Metter	properNoun	swe	Metter	properNoun	nor
Mettmann	properNoun	swe	Mettmann	properNoun	nor
Metzgar Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Metzgar Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Metzingen	properNoun	swe	Metzingen	properNoun	nor
Meurthe	properNoun	swe	Meurthe	properNoun	nor
Meuse	properNoun	swe	Meuse	properNoun	nor
Meusnier	properNoun	swe	Meusnier	properNoun	nor
Mexicali	properNoun	swe	Mexicali	properNoun	nor
Mexikanska golfen	properNoun	swe	Mexicogolfen	properNoun	nor
Mexiko	properNoun	swe	México	properNoun	nor
Meyer Hills	properNoun	swe	Meyer Hills	properNoun	nor
Meyers Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Meyers Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Meyriez	properNoun	swe	Meyriez	properNoun	nor
Meyrin	properNoun	swe	Meyrin	properNoun	nor
Mezdra Point	properNoun	swe	Mezdra Point	properNoun	nor
Mezen	properNoun	swe	Mezen	properNoun	nor
Mezjduretjensk	properNoun	swe	Mezjduretsjensk	properNoun	nor
Meßstetten	properNoun	swe	Meßstetten	properNoun	nor
Mglin	properNoun	swe	Mglin	properNoun	nor
Miami Beach	properNoun	swe	Miami Beach	properNoun	nor
Mianyang	properNoun	swe	Mianyang	properNoun	nor
Miass	properNoun	swe	Miass	properNoun	nor
Michajlovka	properNoun	swe	Mikhajlovka	properNoun	nor
Michajlovsk	properNoun	swe	Mikhajlovsk	properNoun	nor
Michelbach an der Bilz	properNoun	swe	Michelbach an der Bilz	properNoun	nor
Michelfeld	properNoun	swe	Michelfeld	properNoun	nor
Michendorf	properNoun	swe	Michendorf	properNoun	nor
Michigan Plateau	properNoun	swe	Michigan Plateau	properNoun	nor
Michigansjön	properNoun	swe	Michigansjøen	properNoun	nor
Mickle Fell	properNoun	swe	Mickle Fell	properNoun	nor
Micou Point	properNoun	swe	Micou Point	properNoun	nor
Middelalderparken	properNoun	swe	Middelalderparken	properNoun	nor
Middelburg	properNoun	swe	Middelburg	properNoun	nor
Middlesex	properNoun	swe	Middlesex	properNoun	nor
Middlewich	properNoun	swe	Middlewich	properNoun	nor
Midhurst	properNoun	swe	Midhurst	properNoun	nor
Midkiff Rock	properNoun	swe	Midkiff Rock	properNoun	nor
Midland	properNoun	swe	Midland	properNoun	nor
Midlothian	properNoun	swe	Midlothian	properNoun	nor
Midlum	properNoun	swe	Midlum	properNoun	nor
Midnight Plateau	properNoun	swe	Midnight Plateau	properNoun	nor
Midnight	properNoun	swe	Midnight	properNoun	nor
Midsomer Norton	properNoun	swe	Midsomer Norton	properNoun	nor
Midthordland	properNoun	swe	Midhordland	properNoun	nor
Midthordland	properNoun	swe	Midthordland	properNoun	nor
Midtre Gauldal	properNoun	swe	Midtre Gauldal	properNoun	nor
Midwayöarna	properNoun	swe	Midwayøyane	properNoun	nor
Midwayöarna	properNoun	swe	Midwayøyene	properNoun	nor
Midyat	properNoun	swe	Midyat	properNoun	nor
Midzjor	properNoun	swe	Midžor	properNoun	nor
Miedwie	properNoun	swe	Miedwie	properNoun	nor
Miehikkälä	properNoun	swe	Miehikkälä	properNoun	nor
Miel	properNoun	swe	Miel	properNoun	nor
Miercurea Ciuc	properNoun	swe	Miercurea Ciuc	properNoun	nor
Miers Valley	properNoun	swe	Miers Valley	properNoun	nor
Mierscheid	properNoun	swe	Mierscheid	properNoun	nor
Mieån	properNoun	swe	Mieån	properNoun	nor
Mijas	properNoun	swe	Mijas	properNoun	nor
Mikronesien	properNoun	swe	Mikronesiaføderasjonen	properNoun	nor
Mikulov	properNoun	swe	Mikulov	properNoun	nor
Mikus Hill	properNoun	swe	Mikus Hill	properNoun	nor
Miladinovi Islets	properNoun	swe	Miladinovi Islets	properNoun	nor
Milan Ridge	properNoun	swe	Milan Ridge	properNoun	nor
Milan Rock	properNoun	swe	Milan Rock	properNoun	nor
Milas	properNoun	swe	Milas	properNoun	nor
Mildenberg	properNoun	swe	Mildenberg	properNoun	nor
Mildstedt	properNoun	swe	Mildstedt	properNoun	nor
Miletich Point	properNoun	swe	Miletich Point	properNoun	nor
Milkov Point	properNoun	swe	Milkov Point	properNoun	nor
Millau	properNoun	swe	Millau	properNoun	nor
Millen Range	properNoun	swe	Millen Range	properNoun	nor
Miller Bluffs	properNoun	swe	Miller Bluffs	properNoun	nor
Miller Crag	properNoun	swe	Miller Crag	properNoun	nor
Miller Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Miller Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Miller Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Miller Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Miller Range	properNoun	swe	Miller Range	properNoun	nor
Millersville	properNoun	swe	Millersville	properNoun	nor
Milles Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Milles Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Millich	properNoun	swe	Millich	properNoun	nor
Millingen	properNoun	swe	Millingen	properNoun	nor
Millom	properNoun	swe	Millom	properNoun	nor
Millstreet	properNoun	swe	Millstreet	properNoun	nor
Millstätter See	properNoun	swe	Millstätter See	properNoun	nor
Millstätter See	properNoun	swe	Millstättersee	properNoun	nor
Milnthorpe	properNoun	swe	Milnthorpe	properNoun	nor
Milos	properNoun	swe	Milos	properNoun	nor
Milos	properNoun	swe	Mílos	properNoun	nor
Milton Keynes	properNoun	swe	Milton Keynes	properNoun	nor
Milwaukee County	properNoun	swe	Milwaukee County	properNoun	nor
Minaret Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Minaret Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Minareten och fornlämningarna i Jam	properNoun	swe	Minareten i Jam	properNoun	nor
Minas Gerais	properNoun	swe	Minas Gerais	properNoun	nor
Mindoro	properNoun	swe	Mindoro	properNoun	nor
Mindre Asien	properNoun	swe	Lilleasia	properNoun	nor
Mindre Asien	properNoun	swe	Vesleasia	properNoun	nor
Minehead	properNoun	swe	Minehead	properNoun	nor
Mineralnyje Vody	properNoun	swe	Mineralnyje Vody	properNoun	nor
Minerva Rocks	properNoun	swe	Minerva Rocks	properNoun	nor
Minna Bluff	properNoun	swe	Minna Bluff	properNoun	nor
Minnedosa	properNoun	swe	Minnedosa	properNoun	nor
Minotaur Pass	properNoun	swe	Minotaur Pass	properNoun	nor
Minsk	properNoun	swe	Minsk	properNoun	nor
Minskoff Theatre	properNoun	swe	Minskoff Theatre	properNoun	nor
Minusinsk	properNoun	swe	Minusinsk	properNoun	nor
Mirabilite Pond	properNoun	swe	Mirabilite Pond	properNoun	nor
Mirabito Range	properNoun	swe	Mirabito Range	properNoun	nor
Miraflores	properNoun	swe	Miraflores	properNoun	nor
Mirages	properNoun	swe	Mirages	properNoun	nor
Miramar	properNoun	swe	Miramar	properNoun	nor
Miranda	properNoun	swe	Miranda	properNoun	nor
Mirande	properNoun	swe	Mirande	properNoun	nor
Mirandola	properNoun	swe	Mirandola	properNoun	nor
Mirante do Vale	properNoun	swe	Mirante do Vale	properNoun	nor
Mirassou Winery	properNoun	swe	Mirassou Winery	properNoun	nor
Mirchel	properNoun	swe	Mirchel	properNoun	nor
Mirfak Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Mirfak Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Mirnyj	properNoun	swe	Mirnyj	properNoun	nor
Mirosławiec	properNoun	swe	Mirosławiec	properNoun	nor
Mirotvorcevfjellet	properNoun	swe	Mirotvorcevfjellet	properNoun	nor
Mirounga Point	properNoun	swe	Mirounga Point	properNoun	nor
Miscast Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Miscast Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Misch Crag	properNoun	swe	Misch Crag	properNoun	nor
Mission Viejo	properNoun	swe	Mission Viejo	properNoun	nor
Mississauga	properNoun	swe	Mississauga	properNoun	nor
Mississippifloden	properNoun	swe	Mississippi	properNoun	nor
Mississippifloden	properNoun	swe	Mississippielva	properNoun	nor
Mistake Crag	properNoun	swe	Mistake Crag	properNoun	nor
Mistberget	properNoun	swe	Mistberget	properNoun	nor
Mistichelli Hills	properNoun	swe	Mistichelli Hills	properNoun	nor
Misty Pass	properNoun	swe	Misty Pass	properNoun	nor
Misvær kirke	properNoun	swe	Misvær kirke	properNoun	nor
Misvær kirke	properNoun	swe	Misvær kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Mitchell Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Mitchell Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Mite Skerry	properNoun	swe	Mite Skerry	properNoun	nor
Mithymna	properNoun	swe	Míthymna	properNoun	nor
Mitjurinsk	properNoun	swe	Mitsjurinsk	properNoun	nor
Mittatlantiska ryggen	properNoun	swe	Den midtatlantiske ryggen	properNoun	nor
Mittelhorn	properNoun	swe	Mittelhorn	properNoun	nor
Mittelweg	properNoun	swe	Mittelweg	properNoun	nor
Mittenwald	properNoun	swe	Mittenwald	properNoun	nor
Mixon Rocks	properNoun	swe	Mixon Rocks	properNoun	nor
Miyakojima	properNoun	swe	Miyakojima	properNoun	nor
Mizar Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Mizar Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Mizen Head	properNoun	swe	Mizen Head	properNoun	nor
Mizoram	properNoun	swe	Mizoram	properNoun	nor
Mizukumi Stream	properNoun	swe	Mizukumi Stream	properNoun	nor
Międzyrzec Podlaski	properNoun	swe	Międzyrzec Podlaski	properNoun	nor
Mjällom	properNoun	swe	Mjällom	properNoun	nor
Mjöbäck	properNoun	swe	Mjöbäck	properNoun	nor
Mjöhult	properNoun	swe	Mjöhult	properNoun	nor
Mjölby kommun	properNoun	swe	Mjölby kommune	properNoun	nor
Mjölby	properNoun	swe	Mjölby	properNoun	nor
Mjönäs	properNoun	swe	Mjönäs	properNoun	nor
Mljet	properNoun	swe	Mljet	properNoun	nor
Mo i Rana flygplats	properNoun	swe	Mo i Rana lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Mo i Rana	properNoun	swe	Mo i Rana	properNoun	nor
Moai	properNoun	swe	Moai	properNoun	nor
Mockfjärd	properNoun	swe	Mockfjärd	properNoun	nor
Modane	properNoun	swe	Modane	properNoun	nor
Modde	properNoun	swe	Modde	properNoun	nor
Modena	properNoun	swe	Modena	properNoun	nor
Moe Point	properNoun	swe	Moe Point	properNoun	nor
Moers	properNoun	swe	Moers	properNoun	nor
Moesgård Museum	properNoun	swe	Moesgård Museum	properNoun	nor
Moffen	properNoun	swe	Moffen	properNoun	nor
Mogadishu	properNoun	swe	Mogadishu	properNoun	nor
Mogata	properNoun	swe	Mogata	properNoun	nor
Mogues	properNoun	swe	Mogues	properNoun	nor
Mohaupt Point	properNoun	swe	Mohaupt Point	properNoun	nor
Mohed	properNoun	swe	Mohed	properNoun	nor
Moheda	properNoun	swe	Moheda	properNoun	nor
Moholm	properNoun	swe	Moholm	properNoun	nor
Moka	properNoun	swe	Moka	properNoun	nor
Molar Massif	properNoun	swe	Molar Massif	properNoun	nor
Molat	properNoun	swe	Molat	properNoun	nor
Molde domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Molde domkirke	properNoun	nor
Molde domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Molde domkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Mole Antonelliana	properNoun	swe	Mole Antonelliana	properNoun	nor
Mole Antonelliana	properNoun	swe	Mole antonelliana	properNoun	nor
Molesey	properNoun	swe	Molesey	properNoun	nor
Molfetta	properNoun	swe	Molfetta	properNoun	nor
Moliden	properNoun	swe	Moliden	properNoun	nor
Molina Point	properNoun	swe	Molina Point	properNoun	nor
Molinis	properNoun	swe	Molinis	properNoun	nor
Molkom	properNoun	swe	Molkom	properNoun	nor
Molley Corner	properNoun	swe	Molley Corner	properNoun	nor
Mollösund	properNoun	swe	Mollösund	properNoun	nor
Mologa	properNoun	swe	Mologa	properNoun	nor
Molondin	properNoun	swe	Molondin	properNoun	nor
Molsheim	properNoun	swe	Molsheim	properNoun	nor
Moluckerna	properNoun	swe	Molukkane	properNoun	nor
Moluckerna	properNoun	swe	Molukkene	properNoun	nor
Molucksjön	properNoun	swe	Molukkhavet	properNoun	nor
Molucksjön	properNoun	swe	Molukksjøen	properNoun	nor
Moléson	properNoun	swe	Moléson	properNoun	nor
Mombasa	properNoun	swe	Mombasa	properNoun	nor
Momoen	properNoun	swe	Momoen	properNoun	nor
Momrak	properNoun	swe	Momrak	properNoun	nor
Mon	properNoun	swe	Mon	properNoun	nor
Monacos Grand Prix	properNoun	swe	Monaco Grand Prix	properNoun	nor
Monacos Grand Prix	properNoun	swe	Monacos Grand Prix	properNoun	nor
Monagas	properNoun	swe	Monagas	properNoun	nor
Monaghan	properNoun	swe	Monaghan	properNoun	nor
Monastery Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Monastery Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Monastir	properNoun	swe	Monastir	properNoun	nor
Mondego	properNoun	swe	Mondego	properNoun	nor
Mondorf	properNoun	swe	Mondorf	properNoun	nor
Mondovì	properNoun	swe	Mondovi	properNoun	nor
Mondovì	properNoun	swe	Mondovì	properNoun	nor
Mondragone	properNoun	swe	Mondragone	properNoun	nor
Moneglia	properNoun	swe	Moneglia	properNoun	nor
Monemvasia	properNoun	swe	Monemvasiá	properNoun	nor
Monflier	properNoun	swe	Monflier	properNoun	nor
Monheim am Rhein	properNoun	swe	Monheim am Rhein	properNoun	nor
Monible	properNoun	swe	Monible	properNoun	nor
Monique	properNoun	swe	Monique	properNoun	nor
Monjas	properNoun	swe	Monjas	properNoun	nor
Monmouth	properNoun	swe	Monmouth	properNoun	nor
Monmouthshire	properNoun	swe	Monmouthshire	properNoun	nor
Monnaie	properNoun	swe	Monnaie	properNoun	nor
Monreale	properNoun	swe	Monreale	properNoun	nor
Monschau	properNoun	swe	Monschau	properNoun	nor
Mont Blanc de Courmayeur	properNoun	swe	Mont Blanc de Courmayeur	properNoun	nor
Mont Blanc de Seilon	properNoun	swe	Mont Blanc de Cheilon	properNoun	nor
Mont Blanc	properNoun	swe	Mont Blanc	properNoun	nor
Mont Blava	properNoun	swe	Mont Blava	properNoun	nor
Mont Bonvin	properNoun	swe	Mont Bonvin	properNoun	nor
Mont Brûlé	properNoun	swe	Mont Brûlé	properNoun	nor
Mont Cenis	properNoun	swe	Mont Cenis	properNoun	nor
Mont Collon	properNoun	swe	Mont Collon	properNoun	nor
Mont Dolent	properNoun	swe	Mont Dolent	properNoun	nor
Mont Fort	properNoun	swe	Mont Fort	properNoun	nor
Mont Noble	properNoun	swe	Mont Noble	properNoun	nor
Mont Raimeux	properNoun	swe	Mont Raimeux	properNoun	nor
Mont Ventoux	properNoun	swe	Mont Ventoux	properNoun	nor
Mont Vélan	properNoun	swe	Mont Vélan	properNoun	nor
Mont à Cavouère	properNoun	swe	Mont à Cavouère	properNoun	nor
Montagny	properNoun	swe	Montagny	properNoun	nor
Montalchez	properNoun	swe	Montalchez	properNoun	nor
Montalto delle Marche	properNoun	swe	Montalto delle Marche	properNoun	nor
Montargis	properNoun	swe	Montargis	properNoun	nor
Montauban	properNoun	swe	Montauban	properNoun	nor
Montaña Clara	properNoun	swe	Montaña Clara	properNoun	nor
Montbard	properNoun	swe	Montbard	properNoun	nor
Montblanc	properNoun	swe	Montblanc	properNoun	nor
Montbrison	properNoun	swe	Montbrison	properNoun	nor
Montbéliard	properNoun	swe	Montbéliard	properNoun	nor
Montclair State University	properNoun	swe	Montclair State University	properNoun	nor
Montdidier	properNoun	swe	Montdidier	properNoun	nor
Monte Brè	properNoun	swe	Monte Brè	properNoun	nor
Monte Buey	properNoun	swe	Monte Buey	properNoun	nor
Monte Carlo	properNoun	swe	Monte Carlo	properNoun	nor
Monte Cassino	properNoun	swe	Monte Cassino	properNoun	nor
Monte Forcola	properNoun	swe	Monte Forcola	properNoun	nor
Monte Generoso	properNoun	swe	Monte Generoso	properNoun	nor
Monte Leone	properNoun	swe	Monte Leone	properNoun	nor
Monte Pellegrino	properNoun	swe	Monte Pellegrino	properNoun	nor
Monte Perdido	properNoun	swe	Mont Perdu	properNoun	nor
Monte Perdido	properNoun	swe	Monte Perdido	properNoun	nor
Monte Porzio Catone	properNoun	swe	Monte Porzio Catone	properNoun	nor
Monte Porzio Catone	properNoun	swe	øMonte Porzio Catone	properNoun	nor
Monte Rosa	properNoun	swe	Monte Rosa	properNoun	nor
Monte San Giorgio	properNoun	swe	Monte San Giorgio	properNoun	nor
Monte San Salvatore	properNoun	swe	Monte San Salvatore	properNoun	nor
Monte Tamaro	properNoun	swe	Monte Tamaro	properNoun	nor
Monte Titano	properNoun	swe	Monte Titano	properNoun	nor
Monte Zucchero	properNoun	swe	Monte Zucchero	properNoun	nor
Monteath Hills	properNoun	swe	Monteath Hills	properNoun	nor
Montebelluna	properNoun	swe	Montebelluna	properNoun	nor
Monteceneri	properNoun	swe	Monteceneri	properNoun	nor
Montecito	properNoun	swe	Montecito	properNoun	nor
Montecristo	properNoun	swe	Montecristo	properNoun	nor
Monteggio	properNoun	swe	Monteggio	properNoun	nor
Montegiardino	properNoun	swe	Montegiardino	properNoun	nor
Montehermoso	properNoun	swe	Montehermoso	properNoun	nor
Monteils	properNoun	swe	Monteils	properNoun	nor
Montelupo Fiorentino	properNoun	swe	Montelupo Fiorentino	properNoun	nor
Montenegros geografi	properNoun	swe	Montenegrinsk geografi	properNoun	nor
Montenegros geografi	properNoun	swe	Montenegros geografi	properNoun	nor
Montenero	properNoun	swe	Montenero	properNoun	nor
Montereau	properNoun	swe	Montereau	properNoun	nor
Monterey Park	properNoun	swe	Monterey Park	properNoun	nor
Monterey Pop Festival	properNoun	swe	Monterey Pop Festival	properNoun	nor
Monterey	properNoun	swe	Monterey	properNoun	nor
Monterrey	properNoun	swe	Monterrey	properNoun	nor
Montet	properNoun	swe	Montet	properNoun	nor
Monteverdi Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Monteverdi Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Montezuma	properNoun	swe	Montezuma	properNoun	nor
Montfaucon	properNoun	swe	Montfaucon	properNoun	nor
Montferrier	properNoun	swe	Montferrier	properNoun	nor
Montherod	properNoun	swe	Montherod	properNoun	nor
Monti Ernici	properNoun	swe	Monti Ernici	properNoun	nor
Monticello	properNoun	swe	Monticello	properNoun	nor
Montiers	properNoun	swe	Montiers	properNoun	nor
Montilliez	properNoun	swe	Montilliez	properNoun	nor
Montjegorsk	properNoun	swe	Montsjegorsk	properNoun	nor
Montluçon	properNoun	swe	Montluçon	properNoun	nor
Montmartre	properNoun	swe	Montmartre	properNoun	nor
Montmartres bergbana	properNoun	swe	Funiculaire de Montmartre	properNoun	nor
Montmollin	properNoun	swe	Montmollin	properNoun	nor
Montmorillon	properNoun	swe	Montmorillon	properNoun	nor
Montmélian	properNoun	swe	Montmélian	properNoun	nor
Montolieu	properNoun	swe	Montolieu	properNoun	nor
Montpelier	properNoun	swe	Montpelier	properNoun	nor
Montrelais	properNoun	swe	Montrelais	properNoun	nor
Montreuil	properNoun	swe	Montreuil	properNoun	nor
Montrose	properNoun	swe	Montrose	properNoun	nor
Montréal	properNoun	swe	Montreal	properNoun	nor
Montréal	properNoun	swe	Montréal	properNoun	nor
Montsevelier	properNoun	swe	Montsevelier	properNoun	nor
Monument Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Monument Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Monumenten i Mahabalipuram	properNoun	swe	Mamallapuram	properNoun	nor
Monza e Brianza	properNoun	swe	Monza og Brianza	properNoun	nor
Monza	properNoun	swe	Monza	properNoun	nor
Monzón	properNoun	swe	Monzón	properNoun	nor
Moody Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Moody Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Moordorf	properNoun	swe	Moordorf	properNoun	nor
Moore Pinnacle	properNoun	swe	Moore Pinnacle	properNoun	nor
Moore Pyramid	properNoun	swe	Moore Pyramid	properNoun	nor
Moorhead	properNoun	swe	Moorhead	properNoun	nor
Moorhusen	properNoun	swe	Moorhusen	properNoun	nor
Moormerland	properNoun	swe	Moormerland	properNoun	nor
Moosleerau	properNoun	swe	Moosleerau	properNoun	nor
Moosseedorf	properNoun	swe	Moosseedorf	properNoun	nor
Mopti	properNoun	swe	Mopti	properNoun	nor
Moquegua	properNoun	swe	Moquegua	properNoun	nor
Mora kommun	properNoun	swe	Mora kommune	properNoun	nor
Mora	properNoun	swe	Mora	properNoun	nor
Morača	properNoun	swe	Morača	properNoun	nor
Moraine Canyon	properNoun	swe	Moraine Canyon	properNoun	nor
Moraine Valley	properNoun	swe	Moraine Valley	properNoun	nor
Morava	properNoun	swe	Morava	properNoun	nor
Moray Firth	properNoun	swe	Moray Firth	properNoun	nor
Moray	properNoun	swe	Moray	properNoun	nor
Morbihan	properNoun	swe	Morbihan	properNoun	nor
Morecambe Bay	properNoun	swe	Morecambe Bay	properNoun	nor
Moreland Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Moreland Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Morelia	properNoun	swe	Morelia	properNoun	nor
Morelos	properNoun	swe	Morelos	properNoun	nor
Morennaya Hill	properNoun	swe	Morennaya Hill	properNoun	nor
Morens	properNoun	swe	Morens	properNoun	nor
Moresnet	properNoun	swe	Moresnet	properNoun	nor
Moretonhampstead	properNoun	swe	Moretonhampstead	properNoun	nor
Morgan Upland	properNoun	swe	Morgan Upland	properNoun	nor
Morgenberghorn	properNoun	swe	Morgenberghorn	properNoun	nor
Morgenbladet	properNoun	swe	Morgenbladet	properNoun	nor
Morges	properNoun	swe	Morges	properNoun	nor
Morgongåva	properNoun	swe	Morgongåva	properNoun	nor
Morioka	properNoun	swe	Morioka	properNoun	nor
Morissen	properNoun	swe	Morissen	properNoun	nor
Morjärv	properNoun	swe	Morjärv	properNoun	nor
Morlaix	properNoun	swe	Morlaix	properNoun	nor
Morley	properNoun	swe	Morley	properNoun	nor
Morlon	properNoun	swe	Morlon	properNoun	nor
Morosco Theatre	properNoun	swe	Morosco Theatre	properNoun	nor
Morozumi Range	properNoun	swe	Morozumi Range	properNoun	nor
Morpeth	properNoun	swe	Morpeth	properNoun	nor
Morrens	properNoun	swe	Morrens	properNoun	nor
Morris Hills	properNoun	swe	Morris Hills	properNoun	nor
Morrison Hills	properNoun	swe	Morrison Hills	properNoun	nor
Morrison Rocks	properNoun	swe	Morrison Rocks	properNoun	nor
Morrow	properNoun	swe	Morrow	properNoun	nor
Mors	properNoun	swe	Mors	properNoun	nor
Morsbach	properNoun	swe	Morsbach	properNoun	nor
Morse Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Morse Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Morskie Oko	properNoun	swe	Morskie Oko	properNoun	nor
Morsleben	properNoun	swe	Morsleben	properNoun	nor
Morsum	properNoun	swe	Morsum	properNoun	nor
Morsø kommun	properNoun	swe	Morsø kommune	properNoun	nor
Morup	properNoun	swe	Morup	properNoun	nor
Morzine	properNoun	swe	Morzine	properNoun	nor
Moseldalen	properNoun	swe	Moseldalen	properNoun	nor
Mosjtjena	properNoun	swe	Mosjtsjena	properNoun	nor
Mosjøen flygplats	properNoun	swe	Mosjøen lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Mosjøen flygplats	properNoun	swe	Mosjøen lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Moskenesøya	properNoun	swe	Moskenesøya	properNoun	nor
Moskenstraumen	properNoun	swe	Moskenesstraumen	properNoun	nor
Moskenstraumen	properNoun	swe	Moskstraumen	properNoun	nor
Moskosel	properNoun	swe	Moskosel	properNoun	nor
Moskva oblast	properNoun	swe	Moskva oblast	properNoun	nor
Moskva oblast	properNoun	swe	Moskva	properNoun	nor
Moskvafloden	properNoun	swe	Moskva	properNoun	nor
Moskvafloden	properNoun	swe	Moskvaelva	properNoun	nor
Moskvakanalen	properNoun	swe	Moskvakanalen	properNoun	nor
Moskvakonservatoriet	properNoun	swe	Konservatoriet i Moskva	properNoun	nor
Moskvas tunnelbana	properNoun	swe	Metroen i Moskva	properNoun	nor
Moskvauniversitetet	properNoun	swe	Statsuniversitetet i Moskva	properNoun	nor
Mosogno	properNoun	swe	Mosogno	properNoun	nor
Mosonmagyaróvár	properNoun	swe	Mosonmagyaróvár	properNoun	nor
Mošovce	properNoun	swe	Mošovce	properNoun	nor
Moss Järnverk	properNoun	swe	Moss Jernverk	properNoun	nor
Mosse	properNoun	swe	Mosse	properNoun	nor
Mosta	properNoun	swe	Mosta	properNoun	nor
Mostar	properNoun	swe	Mostar	properNoun	nor
Moster gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Moster gamle kirke	properNoun	nor
Moster gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Moster gamle kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Mosterhamn	properNoun	swe	Mosterhamn	properNoun	nor
Mostich Hill	properNoun	swe	Mostich Hill	properNoun	nor
Mosul	properNoun	swe	Mosul	properNoun	nor
Mosås	properNoun	swe	Mosås	properNoun	nor
Motala kommun	properNoun	swe	Motala kommune	properNoun	nor
Motala ström	properNoun	swe	Motala ström	properNoun	nor
Motherwell	properNoun	swe	Motherwell	properNoun	nor
Mothes	properNoun	swe	Mothes	properNoun	nor
Motreformationen	properNoun	swe	Motreformasjon	properNoun	nor
Motreformationen	properNoun	swe	Motreformasjonen	properNoun	nor
Motril	properNoun	swe	Motril	properNoun	nor
Moukhtara	properNoun	swe	Moukhtara	properNoun	nor
Moulins	properNoun	swe	Moulins	properNoun	nor
Moulouya	properNoun	swe	Moulouya	properNoun	nor
Mount Aciar	properNoun	swe	Mount Aciar	properNoun	nor
Mount Aeolus	properNoun	swe	Mount Aeolus	properNoun	nor
Mount Ahab	properNoun	swe	Mount Ahab	properNoun	nor
Mount Allen	properNoun	swe	Mount Allen	properNoun	nor
Mount Amherst	properNoun	swe	Mount Amherst	properNoun	nor
Mount Anderson	properNoun	swe	Mount Anderson	properNoun	nor
Mount Andrews	properNoun	swe	Mount Andrews	properNoun	nor
Mount Ash	properNoun	swe	Mount Ash	properNoun	nor
Mount Barker	properNoun	swe	Mount Barker	properNoun	nor
Mount Beazley	properNoun	swe	Mount Beazley	properNoun	nor
Mount Bell	properNoun	swe	Mount Bell	properNoun	nor
Mount Craddock	properNoun	swe	Mount Craddock	properNoun	nor
Mount Discovery	properNoun	swe	Mount Discovery	properNoun	nor
Mount Elizabeth	properNoun	swe	Mount Elizabeth	properNoun	nor
Mount Ellis	properNoun	swe	Mount Ellis	properNoun	nor
Mount Epperly	properNoun	swe	Mount Epperly	properNoun	nor
Mount Erebus	properNoun	swe	Mount Erebus	properNoun	nor
Mount Everest	properNoun	swe	Mount Everest	properNoun	nor
Mount Français	properNoun	swe	Mount Francais	properNoun	nor
Mount Gardner	properNoun	swe	Mount Gardner	properNoun	nor
Mount Harcourt	properNoun	swe	Mount Harcourt	properNoun	nor
Mount Hope	properNoun	swe	Mount Hope	properNoun	nor
Mount Joyce	properNoun	swe	Mount Joyce	properNoun	nor
Mount Kenya	properNoun	swe	Mount Kenya	properNoun	nor
Mount Kirkpatrick	properNoun	swe	Mount Kirkpatrick	properNoun	nor
Mount Kosciuszko	properNoun	swe	Mount Kosciuszko	properNoun	nor
Mount Logan	properNoun	swe	Mount Logan	properNoun	nor
Mount Markham	properNoun	swe	Mount Markham	properNoun	nor
Mount Maunganui	properNoun	swe	Mount Maunganui	properNoun	nor
Mount Morning	properNoun	swe	Mount Morning	properNoun	nor
Mount Murphy	properNoun	swe	Mount Murphy	properNoun	nor
Mount Shinn	properNoun	swe	Mount Shinn	properNoun	nor
Mount Tyree	properNoun	swe	Mount Tyree	properNoun	nor
Mount Whitney	properNoun	swe	Mount Whitney	properNoun	nor
Mountain View	properNoun	swe	Mountain View	properNoun	nor
Mountaineer Range	properNoun	swe	Mountaineer Range	properNoun	nor
Mountainview Ridge	properNoun	swe	Mountainview Ridge	properNoun	nor
Moureaux Point	properNoun	swe	Moureaux Point	properNoun	nor
Mournemuren	properNoun	swe	Mournemuren	properNoun	nor
Mourngána	properNoun	swe	Mourgána	properNoun	nor
Moutier	properNoun	swe	Moutier	properNoun	nor
Moutonnée Lake	properNoun	swe	Moutonnee Lake	properNoun	nor
Movatn	properNoun	swe	Movatn	properNoun	nor
Moxley	properNoun	swe	Moxley	properNoun	nor
Moyes Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Moyes Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Mozdok	properNoun	swe	Mozdok	properNoun	nor
Mozjajsk	properNoun	swe	Mozjajsk	properNoun	nor
Moälven	properNoun	swe	Moälven	properNoun	nor
Moësa	properNoun	swe	Moesa	properNoun	nor
Moûtiers	properNoun	swe	Moûtiers	properNoun	nor
Mpeketoni	properNoun	swe	Mpeketoni	properNoun	nor
Mucajaí	properNoun	swe	Mucajaí	properNoun	nor
Much	properNoun	swe	Much	properNoun	nor
Muchavets	properNoun	swe	Mukhavets	properNoun	nor
Muchmore Valley	properNoun	swe	Muchmore Valley	properNoun	nor
Muckle Flugga	properNoun	swe	Muckle Flugga	properNoun	nor
Mucur	properNoun	swe	Mucur	properNoun	nor
Mudanjiang	properNoun	swe	Mudanjiang	properNoun	nor
Mudge Passage	properNoun	swe	Mudge Passage	properNoun	nor
Mugello	properNoun	swe	Mugello	properNoun	nor
Mugodzjarbergen	properNoun	swe	Mugodzjarfjella	properNoun	nor
Muhen	properNoun	swe	Muhen	properNoun	nor
Muhlenbach	properNoun	swe	Muhlenbach	properNoun	nor
Mukatjeve	properNoun	swe	Mukatsjevo	properNoun	nor
Mulde	properNoun	swe	Mulde	properNoun	nor
Mule	properNoun	swe	Mule	properNoun	nor
Mulegns	properNoun	swe	Mulegns	properNoun	nor
Mulgrew Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Mulgrew Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Mulhacén	properNoun	swe	Mulhacén	properNoun	nor
Mull of Kintyre	properNoun	swe	Mull of Kintyre	properNoun	nor
Mull	properNoun	swe	Mull	properNoun	nor
Mullhyttan	properNoun	swe	Mullhyttan	properNoun	nor
Mullingar	properNoun	swe	Mullingar	properNoun	nor
Mullins Valley	properNoun	swe	Mullins Valley	properNoun	nor
Mullsjö kommun	properNoun	swe	Mullsjö kommune	properNoun	nor
Mullsjö	properNoun	swe	Mullsjö	properNoun	nor
Multan	properNoun	swe	Multan	properNoun	nor
Mumpf	properNoun	swe	Mumpf	properNoun	nor
Munchmuseet	properNoun	swe	Munch-museet	properNoun	nor
Mundaun	properNoun	swe	Mundaun	properNoun	nor
Mundelein	properNoun	swe	Mundelein	properNoun	nor
Mundelsheim	properNoun	swe	Mundelsheim	properNoun	nor
Mundlauga	properNoun	swe	Mundlauga	properNoun	nor
Munga	properNoun	swe	Munga	properNoun	nor
Munkedal	properNoun	swe	Munkedal	properNoun	nor
Munkedals kommun	properNoun	swe	Munkedal kommune	properNoun	nor
Munkeliv	properNoun	swe	Munkeliv	properNoun	nor
Munkfors kommun	properNoun	swe	Munkfors kommune	properNoun	nor
Munkfors	properNoun	swe	Munkfors	properNoun	nor
Munktorp	properNoun	swe	Munktorp	properNoun	nor
Munsö	properNoun	swe	Munsö	properNoun	nor
Munsön	properNoun	swe	Munsön	properNoun	nor
Munt Cotschen	properNoun	swe	Munt Cotschen	properNoun	nor
Munt Pers	properNoun	swe	Munt Pers	properNoun	nor
Muntelier	properNoun	swe	Muntelier	properNoun	nor
Muntplein	properNoun	swe	Muntplein	properNoun	nor
Muonio älv	properNoun	swe	Muonio älv	properNoun	nor
Muottas Muragl	properNoun	swe	Muottas Muragl	properNoun	nor
Mur	properNoun	swe	Mur	properNoun	nor
Mura	properNoun	swe	Mur	properNoun	nor
Mura	properNoun	swe	Mura	properNoun	nor
Mural Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Mural Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Muralto	properNoun	swe	Muralto	properNoun	nor
Murano	properNoun	swe	Murano	properNoun	nor
Murayama Crests	properNoun	swe	Murayama Crests	properNoun	nor
Murch	properNoun	swe	Murch	properNoun	nor
Murchisonfjorden	properNoun	swe	Murchisonfjorden	properNoun	nor
Murcia	properNoun	swe	Murcia	properNoun	nor
Murcray Heights	properNoun	swe	Murcray Heights	properNoun	nor
Murdoch Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Murdoch Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Muret	properNoun	swe	Muret	properNoun	nor
Murg	properNoun	swe	Murg	properNoun	nor
Murgenthal	properNoun	swe	Murgenthal	properNoun	nor
Muri bei Bern	properNoun	swe	Muri bei Bern	properNoun	nor
Muriaux	properNoun	swe	Muriaux	properNoun	nor
Murist	properNoun	swe	Murist	properNoun	nor
Murmansk oblast	properNoun	swe	Murmansk oblast	properNoun	nor
Murmansk oblast	properNoun	swe	Murmansk	properNoun	nor
Murmansk	properNoun	swe	Murmansk	properNoun	nor
Murmanskfjorden	properNoun	swe	Kolabukta	properNoun	nor
Murom	properNoun	swe	Murom	properNoun	nor
Murphy Valley	properNoun	swe	Murphy Valley	properNoun	nor
Murr	properNoun	swe	Murr	properNoun	nor
Murray Dome	properNoun	swe	Murray Dome	properNoun	nor
Murray Foreland	properNoun	swe	Murray Foreland	properNoun	nor
Murray Harbour	properNoun	swe	Murray Harbour	properNoun	nor
Murray Monolith	properNoun	swe	Murray Monolith	properNoun	nor
Murrhardt	properNoun	swe	Murrhardt	properNoun	nor
Murten	properNoun	swe	Murten	properNoun	nor
Murter	properNoun	swe	Murter	properNoun	nor
Muruvik	properNoun	swe	Muruvik	properNoun	nor
Murça	properNoun	swe	Murça	properNoun	nor
Musakhel	properNoun	swe	Musakhel	properNoun	nor
Musala	properNoun	swe	Musala	properNoun	nor
Museum Ledge	properNoun	swe	Museum Ledge	properNoun	nor
Music Box Theatre	properNoun	swe	Music Box Theatre	properNoun	nor
Muskat	properNoun	swe	Muskat	properNoun	nor
Muskö	properNoun	swe	Muskö	properNoun	nor
Musselburgh	properNoun	swe	Musselburgh	properNoun	nor
Musselman	properNoun	swe	Musselman	properNoun	nor
Musson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Musson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Mustin	properNoun	swe	Mustin	properNoun	nor
Musée Carnavalet	properNoun	swe	Musée Carnavalet	properNoun	nor
Musée d’Orsay	properNoun	swe	Musée d'Orsay	properNoun	nor
Mutlangen	properNoun	swe	Mutlangen	properNoun	nor
Mutrux	properNoun	swe	Mutrux	properNoun	nor
Mutten	properNoun	swe	Mutten	properNoun	nor
Muttenhörner	properNoun	swe	Muttenhorn	properNoun	nor
Muttenstock	properNoun	swe	Muttenstock	properNoun	nor
Muttenz	properNoun	swe	Muttenz	properNoun	nor
Mutteristock	properNoun	swe	Mutteristock	properNoun	nor
Mutters	properNoun	swe	Mutters	properNoun	nor
Mutthorn	properNoun	swe	Mutthorn	properNoun	nor
Muğla	properNoun	swe	Muğla	properNoun	nor
Muş	properNoun	swe	Muş	properNoun	nor
Myckle	properNoun	swe	Myckle	properNoun	nor
Myggenäs	properNoun	swe	Myggenäs	properNoun	nor
Mykale	properNoun	swe	Mykale	properNoun	nor
Mykene	properNoun	swe	Mykene	properNoun	nor
Mykines	properNoun	swe	Mykines	properNoun	nor
Mykolajiv oblast	properNoun	swe	Mykolajiv oblast	properNoun	nor
Mykolajiv	properNoun	swe	Mykolajiv	properNoun	nor
Mykonos	properNoun	swe	Mykonos	properNoun	nor
Mykonos	properNoun	swe	Mýkonos	properNoun	nor
Mymensingh	properNoun	swe	Mymensingh	properNoun	nor
Myra	properNoun	swe	Myra	properNoun	nor
Myrbo	properNoun	swe	Myrbo	properNoun	nor
Myresjö	properNoun	swe	Myresjö	properNoun	nor
Myrviken	properNoun	swe	Myrviken	properNoun	nor
Myrvoll	properNoun	swe	Myrvoll	properNoun	nor
Mysingsö	properNoun	swe	Mysingsö	properNoun	nor
Mysore	properNoun	swe	Mysore	properNoun	nor
Mysterna	properNoun	swe	Mysterna	properNoun	nor
Mystras	properNoun	swe	Mistrá	properNoun	nor
Mystras	properNoun	swe	Mystrás	properNoun	nor
Mytilene	properNoun	swe	Mytilene	properNoun	nor
Mytilene	properNoun	swe	Mytilíni	properNoun	nor
Mytisjtji	properNoun	swe	Mytisjtsji	properNoun	nor
Mâcon	properNoun	swe	Mâcon	properNoun	nor
Mägenwil	properNoun	swe	Mägenwil	properNoun	nor
Mähren	properNoun	swe	Mähren	properNoun	nor
Mährenhorn	properNoun	swe	Mährenhorn	properNoun	nor
Mähriska porten	properNoun	swe	Den moraviske porten	properNoun	nor
Mähriska porten	properNoun	swe	Den mähriske port	properNoun	nor
Mälaren	properNoun	swe	Mälaren	properNoun	nor
Männlichen	properNoun	swe	Männlichen	properNoun	nor
Mäntsälä	properNoun	swe	Mäntsälä	properNoun	nor
Märe	properNoun	swe	Märe	properNoun	nor
Märjelensee	properNoun	swe	Märjelensee	properNoun	nor
Märket	properNoun	swe	Märket	properNoun	nor
Märkischer Kreis	properNoun	swe	Märkischer Kreis	properNoun	nor
Märsta	properNoun	swe	Märsta	properNoun	nor
Märsön	properNoun	swe	Märsön	properNoun	nor
Måbødalolyckan	properNoun	swe	Måbødal-ulykken	properNoun	nor
Måbødalolyckan	properNoun	swe	Måbødalsulukka	properNoun	nor
Målerås	properNoun	swe	Målerås	properNoun	nor
Målilla	properNoun	swe	Målilla	properNoun	nor
Målselva	properNoun	swe	Målselva	properNoun	nor
Målsryd	properNoun	swe	Målsryd	properNoun	nor
Måløy	properNoun	swe	Måløy	properNoun	nor
Måna	properNoun	swe	Måna	properNoun	nor
Mångbyån	properNoun	swe	Mångbyån	properNoun	nor
Mångsbodarna	properNoun	swe	Mångsbodarna	properNoun	nor
Månkarbo	properNoun	swe	Månkarbo	properNoun	nor
Mårbacka	properNoun	swe	Mårbacka	properNoun	nor
Måsnaren	properNoun	swe	Måsnaren	properNoun	nor
Måttsund	properNoun	swe	Måttsund	properNoun	nor
Ménières	properNoun	swe	Ménières	properNoun	nor
Mérignac	properNoun	swe	Mérignac	properNoun	nor
Mézières	properNoun	swe	Mézières	properNoun	nor
Móstoles	properNoun	swe	Móstoles	properNoun	nor
Mõisaküla	properNoun	swe	Mõisaküla	properNoun	nor
Möckern	properNoun	swe	Möckern	properNoun	nor
Möckmühl	properNoun	swe	Möckmühl	properNoun	nor
Mödrath	properNoun	swe	Mödrath	properNoun	nor
Möhlin	properNoun	swe	Möhlin	properNoun	nor
Möhne	properNoun	swe	Möhne	properNoun	nor
Möja	properNoun	swe	Möja	properNoun	nor
Möklinta	properNoun	swe	Möklinta	properNoun	nor
Mölle	properNoun	swe	Mölle	properNoun	nor
Möllen	properNoun	swe	Möllen	properNoun	nor
Mölltorp	properNoun	swe	Mölltorp	properNoun	nor
Mölnbo	properNoun	swe	Mölnbo	properNoun	nor
Mölndal	properNoun	swe	Mölndal	properNoun	nor
Mölndals kommun	properNoun	swe	Mölndal kommune	properNoun	nor
Mölnlycke	properNoun	swe	Mölnlycke	properNoun	nor
Mönch	properNoun	swe	Mönch	properNoun	nor
Mönsterås kommun	properNoun	swe	Mönsterås kommune	properNoun	nor
Mönsterås	properNoun	swe	Mönsterås	properNoun	nor
Mönthal	properNoun	swe	Mönthal	properNoun	nor
Mörarp	properNoun	swe	Mörarp	properNoun	nor
Mörbylånga kommun	properNoun	swe	Mörbylånga kommune	properNoun	nor
Mörbylånga	properNoun	swe	Mörbylånga	properNoun	nor
Möre	properNoun	swe	Möre	properNoun	nor
Mörigen	properNoun	swe	Mörigen	properNoun	nor
Mörlunda	properNoun	swe	Mörlunda	properNoun	nor
Mörrum	properNoun	swe	Mörrum	properNoun	nor
Mörrumsån	properNoun	swe	Mörrumsån	properNoun	nor
Mörsil	properNoun	swe	Mörsil	properNoun	nor
Mörtnäs	properNoun	swe	Mörtnäs	properNoun	nor
Mörtsjön	properNoun	swe	Mörtsjön	properNoun	nor
Möser	properNoun	swe	Möser	properNoun	nor
Mössingen	properNoun	swe	Mössingen	properNoun	nor
Mötschwil	properNoun	swe	Mötschwil	properNoun	nor
Møllehøj	properNoun	swe	Møllehøj	properNoun	nor
Møre og Romsdal fylke	properNoun	swe	Møre og Romsdal fylke	properNoun	nor
Mørkenatten	properNoun	swe	Mørkenatten	properNoun	nor
Møteplassen	properNoun	swe	Møteplassen	properNoun	nor
Møysalen nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Møysalen nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Møysalen	properNoun	swe	Møysalen	properNoun	nor
Müggelsee	properNoun	swe	Müggelsee	properNoun	nor
Mühlacker	properNoun	swe	Mühlacker	properNoun	nor
Mühlau	properNoun	swe	Mühlau	properNoun	nor
Mühlbach am Hochkönig	properNoun	swe	Mühlbach am Hochkönig	properNoun	nor
Mühlbachtal	properNoun	swe	Mühlbachtal	properNoun	nor
Mühlberg	properNoun	swe	Mühlberg	properNoun	nor
Mühlburg	properNoun	swe	Mühlburg	properNoun	nor
Mühle	properNoun	swe	Mühle	properNoun	nor
Mühlebach	properNoun	swe	Mühlebach	properNoun	nor
Mühleberg	properNoun	swe	Mühleberg	properNoun	nor
Mühledorf	properNoun	swe	Mühledorf	properNoun	nor
Mühlen	properNoun	swe	Mühlen	properNoun	nor
Mühlenbach	properNoun	swe	Mühlenbach	properNoun	nor
Mühlenberg	properNoun	swe	Mühlenberg	properNoun	nor
Mühlethurnen	properNoun	swe	Mühlethurnen	properNoun	nor
Mühlhausen	properNoun	swe	Mühlhausen	properNoun	nor
Mühlingen	properNoun	swe	Mühlingen	properNoun	nor
Mülchi	properNoun	swe	Mülchi	properNoun	nor
Mülhausen	properNoun	swe	Mülhausen	properNoun	nor
Mülheim an der Ruhr	properNoun	swe	Mülheim an der Ruhr	properNoun	nor
Müllenbach	properNoun	swe	Müllenbach	properNoun	nor
Müllheim	properNoun	swe	Müllheim	properNoun	nor
Mülligen	properNoun	swe	Mülligen	properNoun	nor
Müllrose	properNoun	swe	Müllrose	properNoun	nor
Mülverstedt	properNoun	swe	Mülverstedt	properNoun	nor
Münchenberg	properNoun	swe	Münchenberg	properNoun	nor
Münchenbuchsee	properNoun	swe	Münchenbuchsee	properNoun	nor
Münchenmassakern	properNoun	swe	München-massakren	properNoun	nor
Münchens tekniska universitet	properNoun	swe	Technische Universität München	properNoun	nor
Münchenstein	properNoun	swe	Münchenstein	properNoun	nor
Münchenwiler	properNoun	swe	Münchenwiler	properNoun	nor
Münchringen	properNoun	swe	Münchringen	properNoun	nor
Münchwilen	properNoun	swe	Münchwilen	properNoun	nor
Münsingen	properNoun	swe	Münsingen	properNoun	nor
Münstermaifeld	properNoun	swe	Münstermaifeld	properNoun	nor
Müntschemier	properNoun	swe	Müntschemier	properNoun	nor
Müritz	properNoun	swe	Müritz	properNoun	nor
Mürtschenstock	properNoun	swe	Mürtschenstock	properNoun	nor
Mürz	properNoun	swe	Mürz	properNoun	nor
Müssen	properNoun	swe	Müssen	properNoun	nor
Mýrdalsjökull	properNoun	swe	Mýrdalsjökull	properNoun	nor
Mývatn	properNoun	swe	Mývatn	properNoun	nor
NS Savannah	properNoun	swe	NS «Savannah»	properNoun	nor
Naab	properNoun	swe	Naab	properNoun	nor
Naaf	properNoun	swe	Naaf	properNoun	nor
Nabatieh	properNoun	swe	Nabatieh	properNoun	nor
Nabatieh	properNoun	swe	Nabatiye	properNoun	nor
Nabbøya	properNoun	swe	Nabbøya	properNoun	nor
Naberezjnyje Tjelny	properNoun	swe	Naberezjnyje Tsjelny	properNoun	nor
Nabiac	properNoun	swe	Nabiac	properNoun	nor
Nablus	properNoun	swe	Nablus	properNoun	nor
Nachitjevan	properNoun	swe	Nakhitsjevan	properNoun	nor
Nachodka	properNoun	swe	Nakhodka	properNoun	nor
Nachtigall	properNoun	swe	Nachtigall	properNoun	nor
Nacka	properNoun	swe	Nacka	properNoun	nor
Nadderud stadion	properNoun	swe	Nadderud stadion	properNoun	nor
Nadelhorn	properNoun	swe	Nadelhorn	properNoun	nor
Nadvirna	properNoun	swe	Nadvirna	properNoun	nor
Nagaland	properNoun	swe	Nagaland	properNoun	nor
Nagano	properNoun	swe	Nagano	properNoun	nor
Nagaoka	properNoun	swe	Nagaoka	properNoun	nor
Nagapattinam	properNoun	swe	Nagapattinam	properNoun	nor
Naglarby och Enbacka	properNoun	swe	Naglarby och Enbacka	properNoun	nor
Nagold	properNoun	swe	Nagold	properNoun	nor
Nagykanizsa	properNoun	swe	Nagykanizsa	properNoun	nor
Nahalal	properNoun	swe	Nahalal	properNoun	nor
Nahe	properNoun	swe	Nahe	properNoun	nor
Nahr el Kalb	properNoun	swe	Nahr al-Kalb	properNoun	nor
Najaf	properNoun	swe	Najaf	properNoun	nor
Nakayubi	properNoun	swe	Nakayubi	properNoun	nor
Nakkehoved fyr	properNoun	swe	Nakkehoved fyr	properNoun	nor
Naltjik	properNoun	swe	Naltsjik	properNoun	nor
Namedy	properNoun	swe	Namedy	properNoun	nor
Namiböknen	properNoun	swe	Namibørkenen	properNoun	nor
Namsenfjorden	properNoun	swe	Namsenfjorden	properNoun	nor
Namsenfjorden	properNoun	swe	Namsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Namsos flygplats	properNoun	swe	Namsos lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Namsos flygplats	properNoun	swe	Namsos lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Namtja Barwa	properNoun	swe	Namjagbarwa	properNoun	nor
Nanchang	properNoun	swe	Nanchang	properNoun	nor
Nanchong	properNoun	swe	Nanchong	properNoun	nor
Nanda Devi	properNoun	swe	Nanda Devi	properNoun	nor
Nanga Parbat	properNoun	swe	Nanga Parbat	properNoun	nor
Nangong	properNoun	swe	Nangong	properNoun	nor
Nanning	properNoun	swe	Nanning	properNoun	nor
Nanpi	properNoun	swe	Nanpi	properNoun	nor
Nanping	properNoun	swe	Nanping	properNoun	nor
Nanterre	properNoun	swe	Nanterre	properNoun	nor
Nantong	properNoun	swe	Nantong	properNoun	nor
Nantua	properNoun	swe	Nantua	properNoun	nor
Nantwich	properNoun	swe	Nantwich	properNoun	nor
Nanyang	properNoun	swe	Nanyang	properNoun	nor
Napier Mountains	properNoun	swe	Napier Mountains	properNoun	nor
Napo	properNoun	swe	Napo	properNoun	nor
Napoléonsgaard	properNoun	swe	Napoléonsgaard	properNoun	nor
Naqoura	properNoun	swe	Naqoura	properNoun	nor
Naratj	properNoun	swe	Narots	properNoun	nor
Narbonne	properNoun	swe	Narbonne	properNoun	nor
Nardò	properNoun	swe	Nardò	properNoun	nor
Narew	properNoun	swe	Narew	properNoun	nor
Nariño	properNoun	swe	Nariño	properNoun	nor
Narmada	properNoun	swe	Narmada	properNoun	nor
Narni	properNoun	swe	Narni	properNoun	nor
Narva	properNoun	swe	Narva	properNoun	nor
Narvareservoaren	properNoun	swe	Narvareservoaret	properNoun	nor
Narviks kommun	properNoun	swe	Narvik kommune	properNoun	nor
Narviks kyrka	properNoun	swe	Narvik kirke	properNoun	nor
Narviks kyrka	properNoun	swe	Narvik kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Nasafjället	properNoun	swe	Nasafjellet	properNoun	nor
Nasaret Illit	properNoun	swe	Nasaret Illit	properNoun	nor
Nasaret	properNoun	swe	Nasaret	properNoun	nor
Nasca	properNoun	swe	Nazca	properNoun	nor
Nascalinjerna	properNoun	swe	Nazcalinjene	properNoun	nor
Nash Hills	properNoun	swe	Nash Hills	properNoun	nor
Nash Range	properNoun	swe	Nash Range	properNoun	nor
Nashornet	properNoun	swe	Nashornet	properNoun	nor
Nashornkalvane	properNoun	swe	Nashornkalvane	properNoun	nor
Nashville	properNoun	swe	Nashville	properNoun	nor
Nasjonalbiblioteket	properNoun	swe	Nasjonalbiblioteket	properNoun	nor
Nasjonalgalleriet	properNoun	swe	Nasjonalgalleriet	properNoun	nor
Nasjonalt Garborgsenter	properNoun	swe	Nasjonalt Garborgsenter	properNoun	nor
Nassersjön	properNoun	swe	Nassersjøen	properNoun	nor
Natani Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Natani Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Naten	properNoun	swe	Naten	properNoun	nor
Nathan Hills	properNoun	swe	Nathan Hills	properNoun	nor
Nation	properNoun	swe	Nation	properNoun	nor
National Center for Biotechnology Information	properNoun	swe	National Center for Biotechnology Information	properNoun	nor
National Geographic Society	properNoun	swe	National Geographic Society	properNoun	nor
National Institute of Dramatic Art	properNoun	swe	National Institute of Dramatic Art	properNoun	nor
National Security Agency	properNoun	swe	National Security Agency	properNoun	nor
National Theatre	properNoun	swe	National Theatre	properNoun	nor
Nationalmuseet i Köpenhamn	properNoun	swe	Nationalmuseet i København	properNoun	nor
Nationalmuseet i New Delhi	properNoun	swe	Det indiske nasjonalmuseet	properNoun	nor
Nationalpark Vadehavet	properNoun	swe	Vadehavet nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Nationaltheatrets station	properNoun	swe	Nationaltheatret stasjon	properNoun	nor
Nationella flaggtorget	properNoun	swe	Den nasjonale flaggplassen	properNoun	nor
Natters	properNoun	swe	Natters	properNoun	nor
Naumburg	properNoun	swe	Naumburg	properNoun	nor
Naupaktos	properNoun	swe	Nafpaktos	properNoun	nor
Naupaktos	properNoun	swe	Návpaktos	properNoun	nor
Nausea Knob	properNoun	swe	Nausea Knob	properNoun	nor
Nautilus Head	properNoun	swe	Nautilus Head	properNoun	nor
Navajo Butte	properNoun	swe	Navajo Butte	properNoun	nor
Naval War College	properNoun	swe	Naval War College	properNoun	nor
Navan	properNoun	swe	Navan	properNoun	nor
Navarra	properNoun	swe	Navarra	properNoun	nor
Navigator Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Navigator Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Naxos	properNoun	swe	Náxos	properNoun	nor
Naxos	properNoun	swe	Naxos	properNoun	nor
Nayarit	properNoun	swe	Nayarit	properNoun	nor
Naypyidaw	properNoun	swe	Naypyidaw	properNoun	nor
Nazarovo	properNoun	swe	Nazarovo	properNoun	nor
Nazran	properNoun	swe	Nazran	properNoun	nor
Nea Moni	properNoun	swe	Nea Moni	properNoun	nor
Nea Moni	properNoun	swe	Néa Moní	properNoun	nor
Nea Smyrni	properNoun	swe	Néa Smýrni	properNoun	nor
Neall Massif	properNoun	swe	Neall Massif	properNoun	nor
Neapelbukten	properNoun	swe	Napolibukta	properNoun	nor
Neapelbukten	properNoun	swe	Napolibukten	properNoun	nor
Nearktiska regionen	properNoun	swe	Den nearktiske regionen	properNoun	nor
Nearktiska regionen	properNoun	swe	Nearktis	properNoun	nor
Neath Port Talbot	properNoun	swe	Neath Port Talbot	properNoun	nor
Nebel	properNoun	swe	Nebel	properNoun	nor
Nebles Point	properNoun	swe	Nebles Point	properNoun	nor
Nebo	properNoun	swe	Nebo	properNoun	nor
Neck or Nothing Passage	properNoun	swe	Neck or Nothing Passage	properNoun	nor
Neckar	properNoun	swe	Neckar	properNoun	nor
Neckarsulm	properNoun	swe	Neckarsulm	properNoun	nor
Neckarwestheim	properNoun	swe	Neckarwestheim	properNoun	nor
Neckertal	properNoun	swe	Neckertal	properNoun	nor
Nedansjö	properNoun	swe	Nedansjö	properNoun	nor
Nedelya Point	properNoun	swe	Nedelya Point	properNoun	nor
Nederländernas geografi	properNoun	swe	Nederlands geografi	properNoun	nor
Nederländernas geografi	properNoun	swe	Nederlandsk geografi	properNoun	nor
Nederländska Antillerna	properNoun	swe	De nederlandske Antillene	properNoun	nor
Nederländska Antillerna	properNoun	swe	Dei nederlandske Antillane	properNoun	nor
Nederländska Ostindien	properNoun	swe	Nederlandsk Austindia	properNoun	nor
Nederländska Ostindien	properNoun	swe	Nederlandsk India	properNoun	nor
Nedre Eiker	properNoun	swe	Nedre Eiker	properNoun	nor
Nedre Gärdsjö	properNoun	swe	Nedre Gärdsjö	properNoun	nor
Nedre Karpaternas vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Subkarpatiske voivodskap	properNoun	nor
Nedre Rudasjön	properNoun	swe	Nedre Rudasjön	properNoun	nor
Nedre Sjodalsvatnet	properNoun	swe	Nedre Sjodalsvatnet	properNoun	nor
Nedre Tunguska	properNoun	swe	Nedre Tunguska	properNoun	nor
Needham Market	properNoun	swe	Needham Market	properNoun	nor
Needham	properNoun	swe	Needham	properNoun	nor
Neff Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Neff Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Neft Daşları	properNoun	swe	Neft Daşları	properNoun	nor
Neftegorsk	properNoun	swe	Neftegorsk	properNoun	nor
Neftejugansk	properNoun	swe	Neftejugansk	properNoun	nor
Neftekamsk	properNoun	swe	Neftekamsk	properNoun	nor
Neger	properNoun	swe	Neger	properNoun	nor
Negev	properNoun	swe	Negev	properNoun	nor
Negev	properNoun	swe	Negevørkenen	properNoun	nor
Negova	properNoun	swe	Negova	properNoun	nor
Negros	properNoun	swe	Negros	properNoun	nor
Neidenälven	properNoun	swe	Neidenelva	properNoun	nor
Neijiang	properNoun	swe	Neijiang	properNoun	nor
Neil Simon Theatre	properNoun	swe	Neil Simon Theatre	properNoun	nor
Neisse	properNoun	swe	Neisse	properNoun	nor
Neith Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Neith Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Nella Rock	properNoun	swe	Nella Rock	properNoun	nor
Nelson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Nelson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Nelsonøya	properNoun	swe	Nelsonøya	properNoun	nor
Nemrut Dağı	properNoun	swe	Nemrut Dağı	properNoun	nor
Nemrut Dağı	properNoun	swe	Nemrut	properNoun	nor
Nenagh	properNoun	swe	Nenagh	properNoun	nor
Nenana	properNoun	swe	Nenana	properNoun	nor
Nendaz	properNoun	swe	Nendaz	properNoun	nor
Nene	properNoun	swe	Nene	properNoun	nor
Nenndorf	properNoun	swe	Nenndorf	properNoun	nor
Nennigkofen	properNoun	swe	Nennigkofen	properNoun	nor
Nentsien	properNoun	swe	Nenetsia	properNoun	nor
Nentsien	properNoun	swe	Nenetsk	properNoun	nor
Neny Matterhorn	properNoun	swe	Neny Matterhorn	properNoun	nor
Nenzlingen	properNoun	swe	Nenzlingen	properNoun	nor
Neos Marmaras	properNoun	swe	Néos Marmarás	properNoun	nor
Neotropiska regionen	properNoun	swe	Den neotropiske regionen	properNoun	nor
Neotropiska regionen	properNoun	swe	Neotropis	properNoun	nor
Neptune Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Neptune Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Neptune Range	properNoun	swe	Neptune Range	properNoun	nor
Ner	properNoun	swe	Ner	properNoun	nor
Nera	properNoun	swe	Nera	properNoun	nor
Neresheim	properNoun	swe	Neresheim	properNoun	nor
Neretva	properNoun	swe	Neretva	properNoun	nor
Neris	properNoun	swe	Neris	properNoun	nor
Neris	properNoun	swe	Vilija	properNoun	nor
Nerjungri	properNoun	swe	Nerjungri	properNoun	nor
Nerl	properNoun	swe	Nerl ved Kljazma	properNoun	nor
Nerl	properNoun	swe	Nerl	properNoun	nor
Nerobergbahn	properNoun	swe	Nerobergbahn	properNoun	nor
Nerobergbahn	properNoun	swe	Nerobergbanen	properNoun	nor
Nertjinsk	properNoun	swe	Nertsjinsk	properNoun	nor
Nesina	properNoun	swe	Nesina	properNoun	nor
Neskollen	properNoun	swe	Neskollen	properNoun	nor
Nespelen	properNoun	swe	Nespelen	properNoun	nor
Nesterov	properNoun	swe	Nesterov	properNoun	nor
Nesthorn	properNoun	swe	Nesthorn	properNoun	nor
Nestinari Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Nestinari Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Nestling Rock	properNoun	swe	Nestling Rock	properNoun	nor
Nesøybrua	properNoun	swe	Nesøybrua	properNoun	nor
Nesøytjernet	properNoun	swe	Nesøytjern	properNoun	nor
Nesøytjernet	properNoun	swe	Nesøytjernet	properNoun	nor
Netanya	properNoun	swe	Netanya	properNoun	nor
Nethe	properNoun	swe	Nethe	properNoun	nor
Netisjyn	properNoun	swe	Netisjyn	properNoun	nor
Netphen	properNoun	swe	Netphen	properNoun	nor
Nette	properNoun	swe	Nette	properNoun	nor
Nettelstedt	properNoun	swe	Nettelstedt	properNoun	nor
Nettelstädt	properNoun	swe	Nettelstädt	properNoun	nor
Nettersheim	properNoun	swe	Nettersheim	properNoun	nor
Nettesheim	properNoun	swe	Nettesheim	properNoun	nor
Nettetal	properNoun	swe	Nettetal	properNoun	nor
Nettuno	properNoun	swe	Nettuno	properNoun	nor
Neu Wulmstorf	properNoun	swe	Neu Wulmstorf	properNoun	nor
Neubrandenburg	properNoun	swe	Neubrandenburg	properNoun	nor
Neubrück	properNoun	swe	Neubrück	properNoun	nor
Neubulach	properNoun	swe	Neubulach	properNoun	nor
Neuburg an der Donau	properNoun	swe	Neuburg an der Donau	properNoun	nor
Neuchâtel	properNoun	swe	Neuchâtel	properNoun	nor
Neuchâtelsjön	properNoun	swe	Neuchatelsjøen	properNoun	nor
Neuchâtelsjön	properNoun	swe	Neuchâtelsjøen	properNoun	nor
Neudenau	properNoun	swe	Neudenau	properNoun	nor
Neudorf	properNoun	swe	Neudorf	properNoun	nor
Neuenberg	properNoun	swe	Neuenberg	properNoun	nor
Neuenburg am Rhein	properNoun	swe	Neuenburg am Rhein	properNoun	nor
Neuenburg	properNoun	swe	Neuenburg	properNoun	nor
Neuenburger Urwald	properNoun	swe	Neuenburger Urwald	properNoun	nor
Neuenbürg	properNoun	swe	Neuenbürg	properNoun	nor
Neuenegg	properNoun	swe	Neuenegg	properNoun	nor
Neuenhaus	properNoun	swe	Neuenhaus	properNoun	nor
Neuenhof	properNoun	swe	Neuenhof	properNoun	nor
Neuenkamp	properNoun	swe	Neuenkamp	properNoun	nor
Neuenkirchen	properNoun	swe	Neuenkirchen	properNoun	nor
Neuenrade	properNoun	swe	Neuenrade	properNoun	nor
Neuenstadt am Kocher	properNoun	swe	Neuenstadt am Kocher	properNoun	nor
Neuenstein	properNoun	swe	Neuenstein	properNoun	nor
Neues Schloss	properNoun	swe	Neue Schloss	properNoun	nor
Neufchâteau	properNoun	swe	Neufchâteau	properNoun	nor
Neuffen	properNoun	swe	Neuffen	properNoun	nor
Neufirrel	properNoun	swe	Neufirrel	properNoun	nor
Neuhardenberg	properNoun	swe	Neuhardenberg	properNoun	nor
Neuhardt	properNoun	swe	Neuhardt	properNoun	nor
Neuhaus am Rennweg	properNoun	swe	Neuhaus am Rennweg	properNoun	nor
Neuhaus an der Pegnitz	properNoun	swe	Neuhaus an der Pegnitz	properNoun	nor
Neuhaus	properNoun	swe	Neuhaus	properNoun	nor
Neuhausen	properNoun	swe	Neuhausen	properNoun	nor
Neuheim	properNoun	swe	Neuheim	properNoun	nor
Neukirch	properNoun	swe	Neukirch	properNoun	nor
Neukirchen	properNoun	swe	Neukirchen	properNoun	nor
Neuköln	properNoun	swe	Neuköln	properNoun	nor
Neulengbach	properNoun	swe	Neulengbach	properNoun	nor
Neumühle	properNoun	swe	Neumühle	properNoun	nor
Neunburg vorm Wald	properNoun	swe	Neunburg vorm Wald	properNoun	nor
Neuner	properNoun	swe	Neuner	properNoun	nor
Neunkirchen	properNoun	swe	Neunkirchen	properNoun	nor
Neurath	properNoun	swe	Neurath	properNoun	nor
Neuroth	properNoun	swe	Neuroth	properNoun	nor
Neuschwabenland	properNoun	swe	Neuschwabenland	properNoun	nor
Neuschwanstein	properNoun	swe	Neuschwanstein	properNoun	nor
Neuses	properNoun	swe	Neuses	properNoun	nor
Neusiedlersjön	properNoun	swe	Neusiedler See	properNoun	nor
Neusiedlersjön	properNoun	swe	Neusiedlersjøen	properNoun	nor
Neusorge	properNoun	swe	Neusorge	properNoun	nor
Neustadt am Rübenberge	properNoun	swe	Neustadt am Rübenberge	properNoun	nor
Neustadt an der Weinstraße	properNoun	swe	Neustadt an der Weinstraße	properNoun	nor
Neustadt	properNoun	swe	Neustadt	properNoun	nor
Neustadtgödens	properNoun	swe	Neustadtgödens	properNoun	nor
Neuweiler	properNoun	swe	Neuweiler	properNoun	nor
Neuwerk	properNoun	swe	Neuwerk	properNoun	nor
Neuötting	properNoun	swe	Neuötting	properNoun	nor
Neva	properNoun	swe	Neva	properNoun	nor
Nevado Sajama	properNoun	swe	Nevado Sajama	properNoun	nor
Nevelsk	properNoun	swe	Nevelsk	properNoun	nor
Nevers	properNoun	swe	Nevers	properNoun	nor
Nevinnomyssk	properNoun	swe	Nevinnomyssk	properNoun	nor
Nevishögs socken	properNoun	swe	Nevishögs socken	properNoun	nor
Nevjansk	properNoun	swe	Nevjansk	properNoun	nor
Nevskiye Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Nevskiye Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Nevşehir	properNoun	swe	Nevşehir	properNoun	nor
New Amsterdam Theatre	properNoun	swe	New Amsterdam Theatre	properNoun	nor
New Brunswick	properNoun	swe	New Brunswick	properNoun	nor
New Century Theatre	properNoun	swe	New Century Theatre	properNoun	nor
New Delhi	properNoun	swe	New Delhi	properNoun	nor
New England	properNoun	swe	New England	properNoun	nor
New Forest	properNoun	swe	New Forest	properNoun	nor
New Iberia	properNoun	swe	New Iberia	properNoun	nor
New Jersey	properNoun	swe	New Jersey	properNoun	nor
New Lanark	properNoun	swe	New Lanark	properNoun	nor
New Mexico	properNoun	swe	New Mexico	properNoun	nor
New Mills	properNoun	swe	New Mills	properNoun	nor
New Milton	properNoun	swe	New Milton	properNoun	nor
New Orleans	properNoun	swe	New Orleans	properNoun	nor
New Plymouth	properNoun	swe	New Plymouth	properNoun	nor
New Romney	properNoun	swe	New Romney	properNoun	nor
New Ross	properNoun	swe	New Ross	properNoun	nor
New South Wales	properNoun	swe	New South Wales	properNoun	nor
New Year Nunatak	properNoun	swe	New Year Nunatak	properNoun	nor
New York University	properNoun	swe	New York University	properNoun	nor
Newall	properNoun	swe	Newall	properNoun	nor
Newburgh Point	properNoun	swe	Newburgh Point	properNoun	nor
Newburgh	properNoun	swe	Newburgh	properNoun	nor
Newbury	properNoun	swe	Newbury	properNoun	nor
Newburyport	properNoun	swe	Newburyport	properNoun	nor
Newcastle upon Tyne	properNoun	swe	Newcastle upon Tyne	properNoun	nor
Newell Point	properNoun	swe	Newell Point	properNoun	nor
Newfoundland och Labrador	properNoun	swe	Newfoundland og Labrador	properNoun	nor
Newman Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Newman Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Newport Pagnell	properNoun	swe	Newport Pagnell	properNoun	nor
Newport Point	properNoun	swe	Newport Point	properNoun	nor
Newport	properNoun	swe	Newport	properNoun	nor
Newquay	properNoun	swe	Newquay	properNoun	nor
Newstead Abbey	properNoun	swe	Newstead Abbey	properNoun	nor
Newstead	properNoun	swe	Newstead	properNoun	nor
Newton Abbot	properNoun	swe	Newton Abbot	properNoun	nor
Newtontoppen	properNoun	swe	Newtontoppen	properNoun	nor
Neyruz	properNoun	swe	Neyruz	properNoun	nor
Ngaoundéré	properNoun	swe	Ngaoundéré	properNoun	nor
Ngaruawahia	properNoun	swe	Ngaruawahia	properNoun	nor
Ngauruhoe	properNoun	swe	Ngauruhoe	properNoun	nor
Ngawa	properNoun	swe	Ngawa	properNoun	nor
Ngozi	properNoun	swe	Ngozi	properNoun	nor
Nha Trang	properNoun	swe	Nha Trang	properNoun	nor
Niagarafallen	properNoun	swe	Niagarafalla	properNoun	nor
Niagarafallen	properNoun	swe	Niagarafallene	properNoun	nor
Niamey	properNoun	swe	Niamey	properNoun	nor
Niantic	properNoun	swe	Niantic	properNoun	nor
Nianån	properNoun	swe	Nianån	properNoun	nor
Nibelungen Valley	properNoun	swe	Nibelungen Valley	properNoun	nor
Nichols Rock	properNoun	swe	Nichols Rock	properNoun	nor
Nicholson Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Nicholson Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Nickens	properNoun	swe	Nickens	properNoun	nor
Nicol Crags	properNoun	swe	Nicol Crags	properNoun	nor
Nicosia	properNoun	swe	Nikosia	properNoun	nor
Nidau	properNoun	swe	Nidau	properNoun	nor
Nidda	properNoun	swe	Nidda	properNoun	nor
Nideggen	properNoun	swe	Nideggen	properNoun	nor
Niderhorn	properNoun	swe	Niderhorn	properNoun	nor
Nidwalden	properNoun	swe	Nidwalden	properNoun	nor
Nieblum	properNoun	swe	Nieblum	properNoun	nor
Niebüll	properNoun	swe	Niebüll	properNoun	nor
Niederberg	properNoun	swe	Niederberg	properNoun	nor
Niederbipp	properNoun	swe	Niederbipp	properNoun	nor
Niederbreidenbach	properNoun	swe	Niederbreidenbach	properNoun	nor
Niederdorf	properNoun	swe	Niederdorf	properNoun	nor
Niedere Tauern	properNoun	swe	Niedere Tauern	properNoun	nor
Niederhausen	properNoun	swe	Niederhausen	properNoun	nor
Niederhorn	properNoun	swe	Niederhorn	properNoun	nor
Niederhünigen	properNoun	swe	Niederhünigen	properNoun	nor
Niederkassel	properNoun	swe	Niederkassel	properNoun	nor
Niederkrüchten	properNoun	swe	Niederkrüchten	properNoun	nor
Niederlenz	properNoun	swe	Niederlenz	properNoun	nor
Niedermuhlern	properNoun	swe	Niedermuhlern	properNoun	nor
Niederndorf	properNoun	swe	Niederndorf	properNoun	nor
Niedernhall	properNoun	swe	Niedernhall	properNoun	nor
Niederried bei Interlaken	properNoun	swe	Niederried bei Interlaken	properNoun	nor
Niederried bei Kallnach	properNoun	swe	Niederried bei Kallnach	properNoun	nor
Niederrohrdorf	properNoun	swe	Niederrohrdorf	properNoun	nor
Niederstocken	properNoun	swe	Niederstocken	properNoun	nor
Niederstotzingen	properNoun	swe	Niederstotzingen	properNoun	nor
Niederwil	properNoun	swe	Niederwil	properNoun	nor
Niederönz	properNoun	swe	Niederönz	properNoun	nor
Niederösch	properNoun	swe	Niederösch	properNoun	nor
Niederösterreich	properNoun	swe	Niederösterreich	properNoun	nor
Nieheim	properNoun	swe	Nieheim	properNoun	nor
Nielsnapen	properNoun	swe	Nielsnapen	properNoun	nor
Nienberge	properNoun	swe	Nienberge	properNoun	nor
Nienhagen	properNoun	swe	Nienhagen	properNoun	nor
Niese	properNoun	swe	Niese	properNoun	nor
Niesehorn	properNoun	swe	Niesehorn	properNoun	nor
Niesen	properNoun	swe	Niesen	properNoun	nor
Nieuwe Maas	properNoun	swe	Nieuwe Maas	properNoun	nor
Nieuwegein	properNoun	swe	Nieuwegein	properNoun	nor
Niger	properNoun	swe	Nigerelva	properNoun	nor
Nigg Rock	properNoun	swe	Nigg Rock	properNoun	nor
Niggli Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Niggli Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Nijmegen	properNoun	swe	Nijmegen	properNoun	nor
Nikkaluokta	properNoun	swe	Nikkaluokta	properNoun	nor
Nikolsk	properNoun	swe	Nikolsk	properNoun	nor
Nikomedia	properNoun	swe	Nikomedeia	properNoun	nor
Nikopol Point	properNoun	swe	Nikopol Point	properNoun	nor
Nikopol	properNoun	swe	Nikopol	properNoun	nor
Nikšić	properNoun	swe	Nikšić	properNoun	nor
Nildeltat	properNoun	swe	Nildeltaet	properNoun	nor
Nils Jørgennutane	properNoun	swe	Nils Jørgennutane	properNoun	nor
Nilsen Plateau	properNoun	swe	Nilsen Plateau	properNoun	nor
Nilsson Rocks	properNoun	swe	Nilsson Rocks	properNoun	nor
Nimbus Hills	properNoun	swe	Nimbus Hills	properNoun	nor
Ninety Mile Beach	properNoun	swe	Ninety Mile Beach	properNoun	nor
Nineve	properNoun	swe	Ninive	properNoun	nor
Ningbo	properNoun	swe	Ningbo	properNoun	nor
Ningde	properNoun	swe	Ningde	properNoun	nor
Ningxia	properNoun	swe	Ningxia	properNoun	nor
Ninh Thuan	properNoun	swe	Ninh Thuận	properNoun	nor
Niort	properNoun	swe	Niort	properNoun	nor
Nippes	properNoun	swe	Nippes	properNoun	nor
Niš	properNoun	swe	Niš	properNoun	nor
Niskayuna	properNoun	swe	Niskayuna	properNoun	nor
Nissafors	properNoun	swe	Nissafors	properNoun	nor
Nisyros	properNoun	swe	Nisyros	properNoun	nor
Nisyros	properNoun	swe	Nísyros	properNoun	nor
Nitra	properNoun	swe	Nitra	properNoun	nor
Nitta	properNoun	swe	Nitta	properNoun	nor
Nittendorf	properNoun	swe	Nittendorf	properNoun	nor
Niu Briten	properNoun	swe	New Britain	properNoun	nor
Niue	properNoun	swe	Niue	properNoun	nor
Niwen	properNoun	swe	Niwen	properNoun	nor
Nizjnekamsk	properNoun	swe	Nizjnekamsk	properNoun	nor
Nizjneudinsk	properNoun	swe	Nizjneudinsk	properNoun	nor
Nizjnevartovsk	properNoun	swe	Nizjnevartovsk	properNoun	nor
Nizjnij Novgorod oblast	properNoun	swe	Nizjegorod oblast	properNoun	nor
Nizjnij Novgorod oblast	properNoun	swe	Nizjnij Novgorod	properNoun	nor
Nizjnij Novgorod	properNoun	swe	Nizjnij Novgorod	properNoun	nor
Nizjnij Tagil	properNoun	swe	Nizjnij Tagil	properNoun	nor
Nizjnije Sergi	properNoun	swe	Nizjnije Sergi	properNoun	nor
Nièvre	properNoun	swe	Nièvre	properNoun	nor
Niğde	properNoun	swe	Niğde	properNoun	nor
Njagan	properNoun	swe	Njagan	properNoun	nor
Njalsgade	properNoun	swe	Njalsgade	properNoun	nor
Njezjin	properNoun	swe	Nizjyn	properNoun	nor
Njord Valley	properNoun	swe	Njord Valley	properNoun	nor
Njupeskär	properNoun	swe	Njupeskär	properNoun	nor
Njurundabommen	properNoun	swe	Njurundabommen	properNoun	nor
Njutånger	properNoun	swe	Njutånger	properNoun	nor
No	properNoun	swe	No	properNoun	nor
Nobby Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Nobby Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Nobels Fredssenter	properNoun	swe	Nobels Fredssenter	properNoun	nor
Noble Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Noble Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Nodeland	properNoun	swe	Nodeland	properNoun	nor
Nods	properNoun	swe	Nods	properNoun	nor
Nodule Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Nodule Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Noflen	properNoun	swe	Noflen	properNoun	nor
Nogat	properNoun	swe	Nogat	properNoun	nor
Noginsk	properNoun	swe	Noginsk	properNoun	nor
Nojabrsk	properNoun	swe	Nojabrsk	properNoun	nor
Nola	properNoun	swe	Nola	properNoun	nor
Nolvik	properNoun	swe	Nolvik	properNoun	nor
None	properNoun	swe	None	properNoun	nor
Nonnenberg	properNoun	swe	Nonnenberg	properNoun	nor
Nonnweiler	properNoun	swe	Nonnweiler	properNoun	nor
Nonplus Crag	properNoun	swe	Nonplus Crag	properNoun	nor
Nontron	properNoun	swe	Nontron	properNoun	nor
Noord	properNoun	swe	Noord	properNoun	nor
Nora kommun	properNoun	swe	Nora kommune	properNoun	nor
Norbergs kommun	properNoun	swe	Norberg kommune	properNoun	nor
Nordanstigs kommun	properNoun	swe	Nordanstig kommune	properNoun	nor
Nordanö	properNoun	swe	Nordanö	properNoun	nor
Nordcypern	properNoun	swe	Nord-Kypros	properNoun	nor
Norddeich	properNoun	swe	Norddeich	properNoun	nor
Norddjurs kommun	properNoun	swe	Norddjurs kommune	properNoun	nor
Nordegeiska öarna	properNoun	swe	Dei nordlege egeiske øyane	properNoun	nor
Nordegeiska öarna	properNoun	swe	Nordlige egeiske øyer	properNoun	nor
Nordel	properNoun	swe	Nordel	properNoun	nor
Norden	properNoun	swe	Norden	properNoun	nor
Nordend	properNoun	swe	Nordend	properNoun	nor
Nordenskiöld Land nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Nordenskiöld Land nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Nordenskiöldbasen	properNoun	swe	Nordenskiöldbasen	properNoun	nor
Nordenskiöldöarna	properNoun	swe	Nordenskiöldøyane	properNoun	nor
Nordenskiöldöarna	properNoun	swe	Nordenskiöldøyene	properNoun	nor
Nordenskjöld Coast	properNoun	swe	Nordenskjöld Coast	properNoun	nor
Norderney	properNoun	swe	Norderney	properNoun	nor
Norderstedt	properNoun	swe	Norderstedt	properNoun	nor
Nordfjorden	properNoun	swe	Nordfjorden	properNoun	nor
Nordfrisiska öarna	properNoun	swe	Dei nordfrisiske øyane	properNoun	nor
Nordgeorgsfehn	properNoun	swe	Nordgeorgsfehn	properNoun	nor
Nordhausen	properNoun	swe	Nordhausen	properNoun	nor
Nordhill	properNoun	swe	Nordhill	properNoun	nor
Nordholz	properNoun	swe	Nordholz	properNoun	nor
Nordhordlandsbrua	properNoun	swe	Nordhordlandsbrua	properNoun	nor
Nordhorn	properNoun	swe	Nordhorn	properNoun	nor
Nordingrå	properNoun	swe	Nordingrå	properNoun	nor
Nordiska museet	properNoun	swe	Nordiska museet	properNoun	nor
Nordjemen	properNoun	swe	Nordjemen	properNoun	nor
Nordjyllands amt	properNoun	swe	Nordjyllands amt	properNoun	nor
Nordkammen	properNoun	swe	Nordkammen	properNoun	nor
Nordkap	properNoun	swe	Nordkapp	properNoun	nor
Nordkap	properNoun	swe	Nordkapplatået	properNoun	nor
Nordkazakstan	properNoun	swe	Nord-Kasakhstan	properNoun	nor
Nordkinnhalvøya	properNoun	swe	Nordkinnhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Nordkirchen	properNoun	swe	Nordkirchen	properNoun	nor
Nordkisa	properNoun	swe	Nordkisa	properNoun	nor
Nordkorea	properNoun	swe	Nord-Korea	properNoun	nor
Nordkraft	properNoun	swe	Nordkraft	properNoun	nor
Nordkroken	properNoun	swe	Nordkroken	properNoun	nor
Nordland fylke	properNoun	swe	Nordland fylke	properNoun	nor
Nordlys	properNoun	swe	Nordlys	properNoun	nor
Nordlyshallen	properNoun	swe	Nordlyshallen	properNoun	nor
Nordlyskatedralen	properNoun	swe	Nordlyskatedralen	properNoun	nor
Nordmaling	properNoun	swe	Nordmaling	properNoun	nor
Nordmalings kommun	properNoun	swe	Nordmaling kommune	properNoun	nor
Nordmarianerna	properNoun	swe	Nord-Marianane	properNoun	nor
Nordmarianerna	properNoun	swe	Nord-Marianene	properNoun	nor
Nordmark	properNoun	swe	Nordmark	properNoun	nor
Nordnorge	properNoun	swe	Nord-Noreg	properNoun	nor
Nordnorge	properNoun	swe	Nord-Norge	properNoun	nor
Nordossetien	properNoun	swe	Nord-Ossetia	properNoun	nor
Nordpark	properNoun	swe	Nordpark	properNoun	nor
Nordre Isfjorden nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Nordre Isfjorden nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Nordre Land	properNoun	swe	Nordre Land	properNoun	nor
Nordre Toldbod	properNoun	swe	Nordre Toldbod	properNoun	nor
Nordre älv	properNoun	swe	Nordre älv	properNoun	nor
Nordstadt	properNoun	swe	Nordstadt	properNoun	nor
Nordstemmen	properNoun	swe	Nordstemmen	properNoun	nor
Nordtyska låglandet	properNoun	swe	Det nordeuropeiske lavlandet	properNoun	nor
Nordtyska låglandet	properNoun	swe	Det nordeuropeiske låglandet	properNoun	nor
Nordvästra England	properNoun	swe	Nordvest-England	properNoun	nor
Nordvågen	properNoun	swe	Nordvågen	properNoun	nor
Nordwalde	properNoun	swe	Nordwalde	properNoun	nor
Nordåsvatnet	properNoun	swe	Nordåsvannet	properNoun	nor
Nordåsvatnet	properNoun	swe	Nordåsvatnet	properNoun	nor
Nordön	properNoun	swe	Nordøya	properNoun	nor
Nordöstra England	properNoun	swe	Nordaust-England	properNoun	nor
Nordöstra England	properNoun	swe	Nordøst-England	properNoun	nor
Nore og Uvdal	properNoun	swe	Nore og Uvdal	properNoun	nor
Noregs Mållag	properNoun	swe	Noregs Mållag	properNoun	nor
Norf	properNoun	swe	Norf	properNoun	nor
Norfolkön	properNoun	swe	Norfolkøya	properNoun	nor
Norges Bank	properNoun	swe	Noregs Bank	properNoun	nor
Norges Bank	properNoun	swe	Norges Bank	properNoun	nor
Norges Hjemmefrontmuseum	properNoun	swe	Norges Hjemmefrontmuseum	properNoun	nor
Norges Håndballforbund	properNoun	swe	Norges Håndballforbund	properNoun	nor
Norges Ishockeyforbund	properNoun	swe	Norges Ishockeyforbund	properNoun	nor
Norges Musikhögskola	properNoun	swe	Norges musikkhøgskole	properNoun	nor
Norges Schackförbund	properNoun	swe	Norges Sjakkforbund	properNoun	nor
Norges geografi	properNoun	swe	Norges geografi	properNoun	nor
Norges geografi	properNoun	swe	Norsk geografi	properNoun	nor
Norges geologiske undersøkelse	properNoun	swe	Noregs geologiske undersøking	properNoun	nor
Norges geologiske undersøkelse	properNoun	swe	Norges geologiske undersøkelse	properNoun	nor
Norges grevskap	properNoun	swe	Jarlsberg grevskap	properNoun	nor
Norges handelshøyskole	properNoun	swe	Norges Handelshøyskole	properNoun	nor
Norges idrottshögskola	properNoun	swe	Norges idrettshøgskole	properNoun	nor
Norges nationalopera	properNoun	swe	Den Norske Opera & Ballett	properNoun	nor
Norges tekniske høgskole	properNoun	swe	Noregs tekniske høgskole	properNoun	nor
Norges tekniske høgskole	properNoun	swe	Norges tekniske høgskole	properNoun	nor
Norilsk	properNoun	swe	Norilsk	properNoun	nor
Norman Crag	properNoun	swe	Norman Crag	properNoun	nor
Normanton	properNoun	swe	Normanton	properNoun	nor
Norr Amsberg	properNoun	swe	Norr Amsberg	properNoun	nor
Norra Bro	properNoun	swe	Norra Bro	properNoun	nor
Norra Dvina	properNoun	swe	Nordre Dvina	properNoun	nor
Norra Lagnö	properNoun	swe	Norra Lagnö	properNoun	nor
Norra Rörum	properNoun	swe	Norra Rörum	properNoun	nor
Norra Slättlandet	properNoun	swe	Den nordlege store sletta	properNoun	nor
Norra Stavsudda	properNoun	swe	Norra Stavsudda	properNoun	nor
Norra Storfjället	properNoun	swe	Norra Storfjället	properNoun	nor
Norra Sytertoppen	properNoun	swe	Norra Sytertoppen	properNoun	nor
Norra Ungern	properNoun	swe	Nord-Ungarn	properNoun	nor
Norra begravningsplatsen	properNoun	swe	Norra begravningsplatsen	properNoun	nor
Norra distriktet	properNoun	swe	Det nordlege distriktet	properNoun	nor
Norra distriktet	properNoun	swe	Norddistriktet	properNoun	nor
Norra halvklotet	properNoun	swe	Den nordlege halvkula	properNoun	nor
Norra halvklotet	properNoun	swe	Nordlige halvkule	properNoun	nor
Norra ishavet	properNoun	swe	Nordishavet	properNoun	nor
Norra Åsum	properNoun	swe	Norra Åsum	properNoun	nor
Norra Österbotten	properNoun	swe	Norra Österbotten	properNoun	nor
Norrahammar	properNoun	swe	Norrahammar	properNoun	nor
Norralaån	properNoun	swe	Norralaån	properNoun	nor
Norrberg	properNoun	swe	Norrberg	properNoun	nor
Norrbottens län	properNoun	swe	Norrbottens län	properNoun	nor
Norrbyberg	properNoun	swe	Norrbyberg	properNoun	nor
Norrbyskär	properNoun	swe	Norrbyskär	properNoun	nor
Norrfjärden	properNoun	swe	Norrfjärden	properNoun	nor
Norrfors	properNoun	swe	Norrfors	properNoun	nor
Norristown	properNoun	swe	Norristown	properNoun	nor
Norrköping	properNoun	swe	Norrköping	properNoun	nor
Norrköpings kommun	properNoun	swe	Norrköping kommune	properNoun	nor
Norrland	properNoun	swe	Norrland	properNoun	nor
Norrlandet	properNoun	swe	Norrlandet	properNoun	nor
Norrskedika	properNoun	swe	Norrskedika	properNoun	nor
Norrström	properNoun	swe	Norrström	properNoun	nor
Norrsundet	properNoun	swe	Norrsundet	properNoun	nor
Norrtälje	properNoun	swe	Norrtälje	properNoun	nor
Norrtäljeån	properNoun	swe	Norrtäljeån	properNoun	nor
Norrån	properNoun	swe	Norrån	properNoun	nor
Norrö	properNoun	swe	Norrö	properNoun	nor
Norsbol	properNoun	swe	Norsbol	properNoun	nor
Norsewood	properNoun	swe	Norsewood	properNoun	nor
Norsholm	properNoun	swe	Norsholm	properNoun	nor
Norsjö kommun	properNoun	swe	Norsjö kommune	properNoun	nor
Norsjö	properNoun	swe	Norsjö	properNoun	nor
Norsjø	properNoun	swe	Norsjø	properNoun	nor
Norsk Folkemuseum	properNoun	swe	Norsk Folkemuseum	properNoun	nor
Norsk Jernbanemuseum	properNoun	swe	Norsk Jernbanemuseum	properNoun	nor
Norsk Polarinstitutt	properNoun	swe	Norsk Polarinstitutt	properNoun	nor
Norsk Romsenter	properNoun	swe	Norsk Romsenter	properNoun	nor
Norsk Skogmuseum	properNoun	swe	Norsk Skogmuseum	properNoun	nor
Norsk Skogmuseum	properNoun	swe	Norsk skogmuseum	properNoun	nor
Norsk Teknisk Museum	properNoun	swe	Norsk Teknisk Museum	properNoun	nor
Norska Nobelinstitutet	properNoun	swe	Det Norske Nobelinstitutt	properNoun	nor
Norskehavet	properNoun	swe	Norskehavet	properNoun	nor
Norska havet	properNoun	swe	Norskehavet	properNoun	nor
Norska rännan	properNoun	swe	Norskerenna	properNoun	nor
Norska strömmen	properNoun	swe	Den norske kyststraumen	properNoun	nor
Norstedt	properNoun	swe	Norstedt	properNoun	nor
Norsälven	properNoun	swe	Norsälven	properNoun	nor
Norte de Santander	properNoun	swe	Norte de Santander	properNoun	nor
North Ayrshire	properNoun	swe	North Ayrshire	properNoun	nor
North Bend	properNoun	swe	North Bend	properNoun	nor
North Dakota	properNoun	swe	Nord-Dakota	properNoun	nor
North Lanarkshire	properNoun	swe	North Lanarkshire	properNoun	nor
North Little Rock	properNoun	swe	North Little Rock	properNoun	nor
North Petherton	properNoun	swe	North Petherton	properNoun	nor
North Ronaldsay	properNoun	swe	North Ronaldsay	properNoun	nor
North Salem	properNoun	swe	North Salem	properNoun	nor
North Uist	properNoun	swe	North Uist	properNoun	nor
North Walsham	properNoun	swe	North Walsham	properNoun	nor
North Wilkesboro	properNoun	swe	North Wilkesboro	properNoun	nor
North York Moors	properNoun	swe	North York Moors	properNoun	nor
North Yorkshire	properNoun	swe	North Yorkshire	properNoun	nor
Northallerton	properNoun	swe	Northallerton	properNoun	nor
Northampton	properNoun	swe	Northampton	properNoun	nor
Northamptonshire	properNoun	swe	Northamptonshire	properNoun	nor
Northern Foothills	properNoun	swe	Northern Foothills	properNoun	nor
Northland	properNoun	swe	Northland	properNoun	nor
Northrup Head	properNoun	swe	Northrup Head	properNoun	nor
Norths Highland	properNoun	swe	Norths Highland	properNoun	nor
Northtrap Rocks	properNoun	swe	Northtrap Rocks	properNoun	nor
Northumberland	properNoun	swe	Northumberland	properNoun	nor
Northwich	properNoun	swe	Northwich	properNoun	nor
Norton Crag	properNoun	swe	Norton Crag	properNoun	nor
Norton Summit	properNoun	swe	Norton Summit	properNoun	nor
Norway Cup	properNoun	swe	Norway Cup	properNoun	nor
Norway Rocks	properNoun	swe	Norway Rocks	properNoun	nor
Norwood	properNoun	swe	Norwood	properNoun	nor
Noréaz	properNoun	swe	Noréaz	properNoun	nor
Nosaby	properNoun	swe	Nosaby	properNoun	nor
Nossebro	properNoun	swe	Nossebro	properNoun	nor
Nostoc Lake	properNoun	swe	Nostoc Lake	properNoun	nor
Noteć	properNoun	swe	Noteć	properNoun	nor
Noto	properNoun	swe	Noto	properNoun	nor
Notodden flygplats	properNoun	swe	Notodden lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Notodden flygplats	properNoun	swe	Notodden lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Notting Hill	properNoun	swe	Notting Hill	properNoun	nor
Nottinghamshire	properNoun	swe	Nottinghamshire	properNoun	nor
Nottuln	properNoun	swe	Nottuln	properNoun	nor
Nouakchott	properNoun	swe	Nouakchott	properNoun	nor
Nova Gorica	properNoun	swe	Nova Gorica	properNoun	nor
Nova Kachovka	properNoun	swe	Nova Kakhovka	properNoun	nor
Nova Scotia	properNoun	swe	Nova Scotia	properNoun	nor
Novaja Ljalja	properNoun	swe	Novaja Ljalja	properNoun	nor
Novaja Zemlja	properNoun	swe	Novaja Semlja	properNoun	nor
Novalja	properNoun	swe	Novalja	properNoun	nor
Novalles	properNoun	swe	Novalles	properNoun	nor
Novara	properNoun	swe	Novara	properNoun	nor
Novgorod oblast	properNoun	swe	Novgorod oblast	properNoun	nor
Novgorod oblast	properNoun	swe	Novgorod	properNoun	nor
Novi Pazar	properNoun	swe	Novi Pazar	properNoun	nor
Novi Sad	properNoun	swe	Novi Sad	properNoun	nor
Noville Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Noville Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Novo Selo	properNoun	swe	Novo Selo	properNoun	nor
Novo mesto	properNoun	swe	Novo mesto	properNoun	nor
Novoazovsk	properNoun	swe	Novoazovsk	properNoun	nor
Novodevitjekyrkogården	properNoun	swe	Novodevitsjijgravstaden	properNoun	nor
Novodevitjekyrkogården	properNoun	swe	Novodevitsjijkirkegården	properNoun	nor
Novodvinsk	properNoun	swe	Novodvinsk	properNoun	nor
Novohrodivka	properNoun	swe	Novohrodivka	properNoun	nor
Novokujbysjevsk	properNoun	swe	Novokujbysjevsk	properNoun	nor
Novokuznetsk	properNoun	swe	Novokuznetsk	properNoun	nor
Novomoskovsk	properNoun	swe	Novomoskovsk	properNoun	nor
Novorossijsk	properNoun	swe	Novorossijsk	properNoun	nor
Novosibirsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Novosibirsk oblast	properNoun	nor
Novosibirsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Novosibirsk	properNoun	nor
Novosibirsk	properNoun	swe	Novosibirsk	properNoun	nor
Novosjachtinsk	properNoun	swe	Novosjakhtinsk	properNoun	nor
Novotjeboksarsk	properNoun	swe	Novotsjeboksarsk	properNoun	nor
Novotjerkassk	properNoun	swe	Novotsjerkassk	properNoun	nor
Novotroitsk	properNoun	swe	Novotroitsk	properNoun	nor
Novoukrajinka	properNoun	swe	Novoukrajinka	properNoun	nor
Novouljanovsk	properNoun	swe	Novouljanovsk	properNoun	nor
Novouralsk	properNoun	swe	Novouralsk	properNoun	nor
Novovoronezj	properNoun	swe	Novovoronezj	properNoun	nor
Novyj Urengoj	properNoun	swe	Novyj Urengoj	properNoun	nor
Nowshak	properNoun	swe	Noshaq	properNoun	nor
Nowshak	properNoun	swe	Nowshak	properNoun	nor
Nowy Bytom	properNoun	swe	Nowy Bytom	properNoun	nor
Nowy Dwór Królewski	properNoun	swe	Nowy Dwór Królewski	properNoun	nor
Nozal Hill	properNoun	swe	Nozal Hill	properNoun	nor
Nozawaonsen	properNoun	swe	Nozawaonsen	properNoun	nor
Nubl	properNoun	swe	Nubl	properNoun	nor
Nueva Esparta	properNoun	swe	Nueva Esparta	properNoun	nor
Nuevo León	properNoun	swe	Nuevo León	properNoun	nor
Nufenen	properNoun	swe	Nufenen	properNoun	nor
Numedal	properNoun	swe	Numedalen	properNoun	nor
Numedalslågen	properNoun	swe	Numedalslågen	properNoun	nor
Nunavut	properNoun	swe	Nunavut	properNoun	nor
Nuneaton	properNoun	swe	Nuneaton	properNoun	nor
Nuoro	properNoun	swe	Nuoro	properNoun	nor
Nuortta Sávllo	properNoun	swe	Nuorttasávllo	properNoun	nor
Nurlat	properNoun	swe	Nurlat	properNoun	nor
Nurmijärvi	properNoun	swe	Nurmijärvi	properNoun	nor
Nusaybin	properNoun	swe	Nisibis	properNoun	nor
Nusaybin	properNoun	swe	Nusaybin	properNoun	nor
Nušl	properNoun	swe	Nušl	properNoun	nor
Nusnäs	properNoun	swe	Nusnäs	properNoun	nor
Nusse	properNoun	swe	Nusse	properNoun	nor
Nusshof	properNoun	swe	Nusshof	properNoun	nor
Nuthetal	properNoun	swe	Nuthetal	properNoun	nor
Nutt	properNoun	swe	Nutt	properNoun	nor
Nuttlar	properNoun	swe	Nuttlar	properNoun	nor
Nuuk	properNoun	swe	Nuuk	properNoun	nor
Nuvilly	properNoun	swe	Nuvilly	properNoun	nor
Nußdorf	properNoun	swe	Nußdorf	properNoun	nor
Nya Guinea	properNoun	swe	Ny-Guinea	properNoun	nor
Nya Kaledonien	properNoun	swe	Ny-Caledonia	properNoun	nor
Nya Långenäs	properNoun	swe	Nya Långenäs	properNoun	nor
Nya Synagogan i Berlin	properNoun	swe	Neue Synagoge i Berlin	properNoun	nor
Nya Zeeland	properNoun	swe	New Zealand	properNoun	nor
Nya Älvsborg	properNoun	swe	Nya Elfsborg	properNoun	nor
Nyack	properNoun	swe	Nyack	properNoun	nor
Nyborg	properNoun	swe	Nyborg	properNoun	nor
Nybro kommun	properNoun	swe	Nybro kommune	properNoun	nor
Nybro	properNoun	swe	Nybro	properNoun	nor
Nybrostrand	properNoun	swe	Nybrostrand	properNoun	nor
Nybroån	properNoun	swe	Nybroån	properNoun	nor
Nydalasjön	properNoun	swe	Nydalasjön	properNoun	nor
Nydammen	properNoun	swe	Nydammen	properNoun	nor
Nye Mountains	properNoun	swe	Nye Mountains	properNoun	nor
Nygård	properNoun	swe	Nygård	properNoun	nor
Nyhammar	properNoun	swe	Nyhammar	properNoun	nor
Nyhavn	properNoun	swe	Nyhavn	properNoun	nor
Nykil	properNoun	swe	Nykil	properNoun	nor
Nykirke	properNoun	swe	Nykirke	properNoun	nor
Nykroppa	properNoun	swe	Nykroppa	properNoun	nor
Nykulla	properNoun	swe	Nykulla	properNoun	nor
Nykvarn	properNoun	swe	Nykvarn	properNoun	nor
Nykvarns kommun	properNoun	swe	Nykvarn kommune	properNoun	nor
Nykyrka	properNoun	swe	Nykyrka	properNoun	nor
Nyköping	properNoun	swe	Nyköping	properNoun	nor
Nyköpings kommun	properNoun	swe	Nyköping kommune	properNoun	nor
Nyköpingsån	properNoun	swe	Nyköpingsån	properNoun	nor
Nykøbing Mors	properNoun	swe	Nykøbing Mors	properNoun	nor
Nykøbing Sjælland	properNoun	swe	Nykøbing Sjælland	properNoun	nor
Nylands mekaniske verksted	properNoun	swe	Nylands mekaniske verksted	properNoun	nor
Nymölla	properNoun	swe	Nymölla	properNoun	nor
Nynäshamn	properNoun	swe	Nynäshamn	properNoun	nor
Nynäshamns kommun	properNoun	swe	Nynäshamn kommune	properNoun	nor
Nyon	properNoun	swe	Nyon	properNoun	nor
Nyons	properNoun	swe	Nyons	properNoun	nor
Nyord	properNoun	swe	Nyord	properNoun	nor
Nysa Kłodzka	properNoun	swe	Nysa Kłodzka	properNoun	nor
Nysa	properNoun	swe	Nysa	properNoun	nor
Nysibiriska öarna	properNoun	swe	Nysibirøyane	properNoun	nor
Nysibiriska öarna	properNoun	swe	Nysibirøyene	properNoun	nor
Nyslott	properNoun	swe	Nyslott	properNoun	nor
Nysø	properNoun	swe	Nysø Gods	properNoun	nor
Nysø	properNoun	swe	Nysø	properNoun	nor
Nytorv	properNoun	swe	Nytorv	properNoun	nor
Nyåker	properNoun	swe	Nyåker	properNoun	nor
Nyíregyháza	properNoun	swe	Nyíregyháza	properNoun	nor
Näkten	properNoun	swe	Näkten	properNoun	nor
Nälden	properNoun	swe	Nälden	properNoun	nor
Näldsjön	properNoun	swe	Näldsjön	properNoun	nor
Nämforsen	properNoun	swe	Nämforsen	properNoun	nor
När	properNoun	swe	När	properNoun	nor
Närke	properNoun	swe	Närke	properNoun	nor
Näs bruk	properNoun	swe	Näs bruk	properNoun	nor
Näsby	properNoun	swe	Näsby	properNoun	nor
Näsijärvi	properNoun	swe	Näsijärvi	properNoun	nor
Nässjö kommun	properNoun	swe	Nässjö kommune	properNoun	nor
Nässjö	properNoun	swe	Nässjö	properNoun	nor
Nästelsjön	properNoun	swe	Nästelsjön	properNoun	nor
Näsum	properNoun	swe	Näsum	properNoun	nor
Näsviken	properNoun	swe	Näsviken	properNoun	nor
Näsåker	properNoun	swe	Näsåker	properNoun	nor
Nätebäcken	properNoun	swe	Nätebäcken	properNoun	nor
Nätraån	properNoun	swe	Nätraån	properNoun	nor
Nättrabyån	properNoun	swe	Nättrabyån	properNoun	nor
Nävekvarn	properNoun	swe	Nävekvarn	properNoun	nor
Nävsjön	properNoun	swe	Nävsjön	properNoun	nor
Nås	properNoun	swe	Nås	properNoun	nor
Nærøyfjorden	properNoun	swe	Nærøyfjorden	properNoun	nor
Næstveds kommun	properNoun	swe	Næstved kommune	properNoun	nor
Nérac	properNoun	swe	Nérac	properNoun	nor
Nólsoy	properNoun	swe	Nólsoy	properNoun	nor
Nõmme	properNoun	swe	Nõmme	properNoun	nor
Nöbbele	properNoun	swe	Nöbbele	properNoun	nor
Nörvenich	properNoun	swe	Nörvenich	properNoun	nor
Nøkkelholmane	properNoun	swe	Nøkkelholmane	properNoun	nor
Nørre Farimagsgade	properNoun	swe	Nørre Farimagsgade	properNoun	nor
Nørrebrogade	properNoun	swe	Nørrebrogade	properNoun	nor
Nørregade	properNoun	swe	Nørregade	properNoun	nor
Nørreport	properNoun	swe	Nørreport	properNoun	nor
Nørresundby	properNoun	swe	Nørresundby	properNoun	nor
Nübel	properNoun	swe	Nübel	properNoun	nor
Nüll	properNoun	swe	Nüll	properNoun	nor
Nümbrecht	properNoun	swe	Nümbrecht	properNoun	nor
Nürnbergprocessen	properNoun	swe	Nürnbergprosessen	properNoun	nor
Nürtingen	properNoun	swe	Nürtingen	properNoun	nor
OGAE	properNoun	swe	OGAE	properNoun	nor
Oak Ridge Cemetery	properNoun	swe	Oak Ridge Cemetery	properNoun	nor
Oakeley	properNoun	swe	Oakeley	properNoun	nor
Oakham	properNoun	swe	Oakham	properNoun	nor
Oates Canyon	properNoun	swe	Oates Canyon	properNoun	nor
Oates Coast	properNoun	swe	Oates Coast	properNoun	nor
Oates Land	properNoun	swe	Oates Land	properNoun	nor
Oaxaca	properNoun	swe	Oaxaca	properNoun	nor
Oaxen	properNoun	swe	Oaxen	properNoun	nor
Ob	properNoun	swe	Ob	properNoun	nor
Oban	properNoun	swe	Oban	properNoun	nor
Obbola	properNoun	swe	Obbola	properNoun	nor
Obbolaön	properNoun	swe	Obbolaön	properNoun	nor
Obelisk Col	properNoun	swe	Obelisk Col	properNoun	nor
Ober Gabelhorn	properNoun	swe	Ober Gabelhorn	properNoun	nor
Oberaarhorn	properNoun	swe	Oberaarhorn	properNoun	nor
Oberalpsee	properNoun	swe	Oberalpsee	properNoun	nor
Oberasbach	properNoun	swe	Oberasbach	properNoun	nor
Oberbalm	properNoun	swe	Oberbalm	properNoun	nor
Oberbarmen	properNoun	swe	Oberbarmen	properNoun	nor
Oberbipp	properNoun	swe	Oberbipp	properNoun	nor
Oberburg	properNoun	swe	Oberburg	properNoun	nor
Oberbözberg	properNoun	swe	Oberbözberg	properNoun	nor
Oberbüren	properNoun	swe	Oberbüren	properNoun	nor
Oberderdingen	properNoun	swe	Oberderdingen	properNoun	nor
Oberdiessbach	properNoun	swe	Oberdiessbach	properNoun	nor
Oberdollendorf	properNoun	swe	Oberdollendorf	properNoun	nor
Oberdorf	properNoun	swe	Oberdorf	properNoun	nor
Oberegg	properNoun	swe	Oberegg	properNoun	nor
Oberentfelden	properNoun	swe	Oberentfelden	properNoun	nor
Oberfeld	properNoun	swe	Oberfeld	properNoun	nor
Oberflachs	properNoun	swe	Oberflachs	properNoun	nor
Obergerlafingen	properNoun	swe	Obergerlafingen	properNoun	nor
Obergoms	properNoun	swe	Obergoms	properNoun	nor
Oberharz am Brocken	properNoun	swe	Oberharz am Brocken	properNoun	nor
Oberharz	properNoun	swe	Oberharz	properNoun	nor
Oberhof	properNoun	swe	Oberhof	properNoun	nor
Oberhofen	properNoun	swe	Oberhofen	properNoun	nor
Oberholl	properNoun	swe	Oberholl	properNoun	nor
Oberhünigen	properNoun	swe	Oberhünigen	properNoun	nor
Oberkassel	properNoun	swe	Oberkassel	properNoun	nor
Oberkochen	properNoun	swe	Oberkochen	properNoun	nor
Oberkotzau	properNoun	swe	Oberkotzau	properNoun	nor
Oberkulm	properNoun	swe	Oberkulm	properNoun	nor
Oberlangenegg	properNoun	swe	Oberlangenegg	properNoun	nor
Oberlunkhofen	properNoun	swe	Oberlunkhofen	properNoun	nor
Obermumpf	properNoun	swe	Obermumpf	properNoun	nor
Obernau	properNoun	swe	Obernau	properNoun	nor
Obernkirchen	properNoun	swe	Obernkirchen	properNoun	nor
Oberried am Brienzersee	properNoun	swe	Oberried am Brienzersee	properNoun	nor
Oberrieden	properNoun	swe	Oberrieden	properNoun	nor
Oberriexingen	properNoun	swe	Oberriexingen	properNoun	nor
Oberrohrdorf	properNoun	swe	Oberrohrdorf	properNoun	nor
Oberrothorn	properNoun	swe	Oberrothorn	properNoun	nor
Oberrüti	properNoun	swe	Oberrüti	properNoun	nor
Obersaxen	properNoun	swe	Obersaxen	properNoun	nor
Oberschrot	properNoun	swe	Oberschrot	properNoun	nor
Obersdorf	properNoun	swe	Obersdorf	properNoun	nor
Obersiggenthal	properNoun	swe	Obersiggenthal	properNoun	nor
Obersinn	properNoun	swe	Obersinn	properNoun	nor
Obersontheim	properNoun	swe	Obersontheim	properNoun	nor
Oberst	properNoun	swe	Oberst	properNoun	nor
Oberstadt	properNoun	swe	Oberstadt	properNoun	nor
Oberstammheim	properNoun	swe	Oberstammheim	properNoun	nor
Oberstdorf	properNoun	swe	Oberstdorf	properNoun	nor
Obersteckholz	properNoun	swe	Obersteckholz	properNoun	nor
Obersteinbach	properNoun	swe	Obersteinbach	properNoun	nor
Oberstocken	properNoun	swe	Oberstocken	properNoun	nor
Obersulm	properNoun	swe	Obersulm	properNoun	nor
Oberthal	properNoun	swe	Oberthal	properNoun	nor
Oberursel	properNoun	swe	Oberursel	properNoun	nor
Oberwart	properNoun	swe	Oberwart	properNoun	nor
Oberwiesenthal	properNoun	swe	Oberwiesenthal	properNoun	nor
Oberwil bei Büren	properNoun	swe	Oberwil bei Büren	properNoun	nor
Oberwil im Simmental	properNoun	swe	Oberwil im Simmental	properNoun	nor
Oberwil	properNoun	swe	Oberwil	properNoun	nor
Oberägeri	properNoun	swe	Oberägeri	properNoun	nor
Oberösch	properNoun	swe	Oberösch	properNoun	nor
Oberösterreich	properNoun	swe	Oberösterreich	properNoun	nor
Oblutje	properNoun	swe	Oblutsje	properNoun	nor
Obninsk	properNoun	swe	Obninsk	properNoun	nor
Oborishte Ridge	properNoun	swe	Oborishte Ridge	properNoun	nor
Obra	properNoun	swe	Obra	properNoun	nor
Obrecht Pyramid	properNoun	swe	Obrecht Pyramid	properNoun	nor
Obrigheim	properNoun	swe	Obrigheim	properNoun	nor
Obruchev Hills	properNoun	swe	Obruchev Hills	properNoun	nor
Observatoriet i Greenwich	properNoun	swe	Greenwich-observatoriet	properNoun	nor
Obstalden	properNoun	swe	Obstalden	properNoun	nor
Obuasi	properNoun	swe	Obuasi	properNoun	nor
Obviken	properNoun	swe	Obbukta	properNoun	nor
Obwalden	properNoun	swe	Obwalden	properNoun	nor
Occator	properNoun	swe	Occator	properNoun	nor
Occidental College	properNoun	swe	Occidental College	properNoun	nor
Oceanien	properNoun	swe	Oseania	properNoun	nor
Ochlenberg	properNoun	swe	Ochlenberg	properNoun	nor
Ochotska havet	properNoun	swe	Okhotskhavet	properNoun	nor
Ochsehorn	properNoun	swe	Ochsehorn	properNoun	nor
Ochsenberg	properNoun	swe	Ochsenberg	properNoun	nor
Ochta	properNoun	swe	Okhta	properNoun	nor
Ochtrup	properNoun	swe	Ochtrup	properNoun	nor
Ockelbo kommun	properNoun	swe	Ockelbo kommune	properNoun	nor
Ockelbo	properNoun	swe	Ockelbo	properNoun	nor
Ockuperade Palestinska Territorierna	properNoun	swe	De palestinske territoriene	properNoun	nor
Ockuperade Palestinska Territorierna	properNoun	swe	Dei palestinske territoria	properNoun	nor
Ocoa Point	properNoun	swe	Ocoa Point	properNoun	nor
Odders kommun	properNoun	swe	Odder kommune	properNoun	nor
Odenkirchen	properNoun	swe	Odenkirchen	properNoun	nor
Odensbacken	properNoun	swe	Odensbacken	properNoun	nor
Odensberg	properNoun	swe	Odensberg	properNoun	nor
Odense kommun	properNoun	swe	Odense kommune	properNoun	nor
Odensjö	properNoun	swe	Odensjö	properNoun	nor
Odenthal	properNoun	swe	Odenthal	properNoun	nor
Odenwald	properNoun	swe	Odenwald	properNoun	nor
Oderaue	properNoun	swe	Oderaue	properNoun	nor
Odessa oblast	properNoun	swe	Odessa oblast	properNoun	nor
Odiham	properNoun	swe	Odiham	properNoun	nor
Odin Valley	properNoun	swe	Odin Valley	properNoun	nor
Odinokaya Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Odinokaya Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Odintsovo	properNoun	swe	Odintsovo	properNoun	nor
Odishaw	properNoun	swe	Odishaw	properNoun	nor
Odsherred	properNoun	swe	Odsherred	properNoun	nor
Oedt	properNoun	swe	Oedt	properNoun	nor
Oekingen	properNoun	swe	Oekingen	properNoun	nor
Oelde	properNoun	swe	Oelde	properNoun	nor
Oensingen	properNoun	swe	Oensingen	properNoun	nor
Oerlinghausen	properNoun	swe	Oerlinghausen	properNoun	nor
Oeschenbach	properNoun	swe	Oeschenbach	properNoun	nor
Oeschgen	properNoun	swe	Oeschgen	properNoun	nor
Oeschinenhorn	properNoun	swe	Oeschinenhorn	properNoun	nor
Oeschinensee	properNoun	swe	Oeschinensee	properNoun	nor
Oestereiden	properNoun	swe	Oestereiden	properNoun	nor
Oestrich	properNoun	swe	Oestrich	properNoun	nor
Oevenum	properNoun	swe	Oevenum	properNoun	nor
Ofanto	properNoun	swe	Ofanto	properNoun	nor
Offaly	properNoun	swe	Offaly	properNoun	nor
Offenau	properNoun	swe	Offenau	properNoun	nor
Offenbach am Main	properNoun	swe	Offenbach am Main	properNoun	nor
Offenburg	properNoun	swe	Offenburg	properNoun	nor
Offset Ridge	properNoun	swe	Offset Ridge	properNoun	nor
Ofotbanen	properNoun	swe	Ofotbanen	properNoun	nor
Ofredalstunneln	properNoun	swe	Ofredalstunnelen	properNoun	nor
Ofterdingen	properNoun	swe	Ofterdingen	properNoun	nor
Oftringen	properNoun	swe	Oftringen	properNoun	nor
Ogden Heights	properNoun	swe	Ogden Heights	properNoun	nor
Ogdensburg	properNoun	swe	Ogdensburg	properNoun	nor
Ogens	properNoun	swe	Ogens	properNoun	nor
Ogliastra	properNoun	swe	Ogliastra	properNoun	nor
Oglio	properNoun	swe	Oglio	properNoun	nor
Ogndal	properNoun	swe	Ogndal	properNoun	nor
Ogosta Point	properNoun	swe	Ogosta Point	properNoun	nor
Ohe	properNoun	swe	Ohe	properNoun	nor
Ohio State University	properNoun	swe	Ohio State University	properNoun	nor
Ohiofloden	properNoun	swe	Ohio	properNoun	nor
Ohiofloden	properNoun	swe	Ohioelva	properNoun	nor
Ohl	properNoun	swe	Ohl	properNoun	nor
Ohligsmühle	properNoun	swe	Ohligsmühle	properNoun	nor
Ohmstal	properNoun	swe	Ohmstal	properNoun	nor
Ohrdruf	properNoun	swe	Ohrdruf	properNoun	nor
Ohre	properNoun	swe	Ohre	properNoun	nor
Ohrid	properNoun	swe	Ohrid	properNoun	nor
Ohridsjön	properNoun	swe	Ohridsjøen	properNoun	nor
Ohridsky	properNoun	swe	Ohridski	properNoun	nor
Oinousses	properNoun	swe	Inoússes	properNoun	nor
Oirschot	properNoun	swe	Oirschot	properNoun	nor
Ojos del Salado	properNoun	swe	Ojos del Salado	properNoun	nor
Oka	properNoun	swe	Oka	properNoun	nor
Okarito	properNoun	swe	Okarito	properNoun	nor
Okehampton	properNoun	swe	Okehampton	properNoun	nor
Okha	properNoun	swe	Okha	properNoun	nor
Okinawa	properNoun	swe	Okinawa	properNoun	nor
Oklahoma City	properNoun	swe	Oklahoma City	properNoun	nor
Oksskolten	properNoun	swe	Oksskolten	properNoun	nor
Oksöy fyr	properNoun	swe	Oksøy fyr	properNoun	nor
Oksöy fyr	properNoun	swe	Oksøy fyrstasjon	properNoun	nor
Oktiabrsk	properNoun	swe	Oktjabrsk	properNoun	nor
Oktiabrskij	properNoun	swe	Oktjabrskij	properNoun	nor
Okulovka	properNoun	swe	Okulovka	properNoun	nor
Olander Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Olander Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Olandsån	properNoun	swe	Olandsån	properNoun	nor
Olbia	properNoun	swe	Olbia	properNoun	nor
Old Man of Hoy	properNoun	swe	Old Man of Hoy	properNoun	nor
Old Trafford	properNoun	swe	Old Trafford	properNoun	nor
Oldbury	properNoun	swe	Oldbury	properNoun	nor
Oldenburg in Holstein	properNoun	swe	Oldenburg in Holstein	properNoun	nor
Oldenburg	properNoun	swe	Oldenburg	properNoun	nor
Oldendorf	properNoun	swe	Oldendorf	properNoun	nor
Oldenhorn	properNoun	swe	Oldenhorn	properNoun	nor
Oldenswort	properNoun	swe	Oldenswort	properNoun	nor
Olderfjord	properNoun	swe	Olderfjord	properNoun	nor
Oldersum	properNoun	swe	Oldersum	properNoun	nor
Oldham	properNoun	swe	Oldham	properNoun	nor
Oldowan	properNoun	swe	Oldowan	properNoun	nor
Oldsjön	properNoun	swe	Oldsjön	properNoun	nor
Oldsum	properNoun	swe	Oldsum	properNoun	nor
Olduvai	properNoun	swe	Olduvai	properNoun	nor
Oleby	properNoun	swe	Oleby	properNoun	nor
Olef	properNoun	swe	Olef	properNoun	nor
Olenegorsk	properNoun	swe	Olenegorsk	properNoun	nor
Olenek	properNoun	swe	Olenjok	properNoun	nor
Oleyres	properNoun	swe	Oleyres	properNoun	nor
Olfen	properNoun	swe	Olfen	properNoun	nor
Olib	properNoun	swe	Olib	properNoun	nor
Olimpijskij	properNoun	swe	Olimpijskij	properNoun	nor
Olivberget	properNoun	swe	Oljeberget	properNoun	nor
Oliver Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Oliver Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Ollantaytambo	properNoun	swe	Ollantaytambo	properNoun	nor
Ollon	properNoun	swe	Ollon	properNoun	nor
Olmenhorn	properNoun	swe	Olmenhorn	properNoun	nor
Olney	properNoun	swe	Olney	properNoun	nor
Olofstorp	properNoun	swe	Olofstorp	properNoun	nor
Olofström	properNoun	swe	Olofström	properNoun	nor
Olofströms kommun	properNoun	swe	Olofström kommune	properNoun	nor
Olomouc	properNoun	swe	Olomouc	properNoun	nor
Olona	properNoun	swe	Olona	properNoun	nor
Olonets	properNoun	swe	Olonets	properNoun	nor
Olonkinbyen	properNoun	swe	Olonkinbyen	properNoun	nor
Olpe	properNoun	swe	Olpe	properNoun	nor
Olperer	properNoun	swe	Olperer	properNoun	nor
Olsberg	properNoun	swe	Olsberg	properNoun	nor
Olsen Crags	properNoun	swe	Olsen Crags	properNoun	nor
Olsfors	properNoun	swe	Olsfors	properNoun	nor
Olshammar	properNoun	swe	Olshammar	properNoun	nor
Olson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Olson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Olstorp	properNoun	swe	Olstorp	properNoun	nor
Olsztyn	properNoun	swe	Olsztyn	properNoun	nor
Olt	properNoun	swe	Olt	properNoun	nor
Olten	properNoun	swe	Olten	properNoun	nor
Oltingen	properNoun	swe	Oltingen	properNoun	nor
Oltschiburg	properNoun	swe	Oltschiburg	properNoun	nor
Olympic Theatre	properNoun	swe	Olympic Theatre	properNoun	nor
Olympiska vinterspelen	properNoun	swe	Vinter-OL	properNoun	nor
Olympus Mons	properNoun	swe	Olympus Mons	properNoun	nor
Olympus	properNoun	swe	Ólymbos	properNoun	nor
Omanbukten	properNoun	swe	Omanbukta	properNoun	nor
Ombrone	properNoun	swe	Ombrone	properNoun	nor
Omega Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Omega Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Ommer	properNoun	swe	Ommer	properNoun	nor
Ommerborn	properNoun	swe	Ommerborn	properNoun	nor
Omsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Omsk oblast	properNoun	nor
Omsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Omsk	properNoun	nor
Omsk	properNoun	swe	Omsk	properNoun	nor
Omurtag Pass	properNoun	swe	Omurtag Pass	properNoun	nor
One World Trade Center	properNoun	swe	One World Trade Center	properNoun	nor
One World Trade Center	properNoun	swe	One World Trade Centre	properNoun	nor
Onega	properNoun	swe	Onega	properNoun	nor
Onegabukten	properNoun	swe	Onegabukta	properNoun	nor
Onex	properNoun	swe	Onex	properNoun	nor
Onezhskiye Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Onezhskiye Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Ong Valley	properNoun	swe	Ong Valley	properNoun	nor
Onitsha	properNoun	swe	Onitsha	properNoun	nor
Onlooker Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Onlooker Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Onnens	properNoun	swe	Onnens	properNoun	nor
Onnum Ridge	properNoun	swe	Onnum Ridge	properNoun	nor
Onnum Valley	properNoun	swe	Onnum Valley	properNoun	nor
Onon	properNoun	swe	Onon	properNoun	nor
Onsala	properNoun	swe	Onsala	properNoun	nor
Onsernone	properNoun	swe	Onsernone	properNoun	nor
Onslunda	properNoun	swe	Onslunda	properNoun	nor
Ontariosjön	properNoun	swe	Ontariosjøen	properNoun	nor
Oodaaq	properNoun	swe	Oodaaq	properNoun	nor
Oodnadatta	properNoun	swe	Oodnadatta	properNoun	nor
Oona	properNoun	swe	Oona	properNoun	nor
Oosterhout	properNoun	swe	Oosterhout	properNoun	nor
Oostvaardersplassen	properNoun	swe	Oostvaardersplassen	properNoun	nor
Opala	properNoun	swe	Opala	properNoun	nor
Ope	properNoun	swe	Ope	properNoun	nor
Operahuset i Sydney	properNoun	swe	Operahuset i Sydney	properNoun	nor
Operahuset	properNoun	swe	Operahuset	properNoun	nor
Operation Dynamo	properNoun	swe	Operasjon Dynamo	properNoun	nor
Operation Overlord	properNoun	swe	Operasjon Overlord	properNoun	nor
Operation Weserübung	properNoun	swe	Angrepet på Norge	properNoun	nor
Operation Weserübung	properNoun	swe	Operation Weserübung	properNoun	nor
Opladen	properNoun	swe	Opladen	properNoun	nor
Opole vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Opole-voivodskapet	properNoun	nor
Opole vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Opole voivodskap	properNoun	nor
Opole	properNoun	swe	Opole	properNoun	nor
Oppenheim	properNoun	swe	Oppenheim	properNoun	nor
Oppenweiler	properNoun	swe	Oppenweiler	properNoun	nor
Oppland fylke	properNoun	swe	Oppland fylke	properNoun	nor
Oppligen	properNoun	swe	Oppligen	properNoun	nor
Oppum	properNoun	swe	Oppum	properNoun	nor
Optand	properNoun	swe	Optand	properNoun	nor
Opus Dei	properNoun	swe	Opus Dei	properNoun	nor
Opéra Bastille	properNoun	swe	Opéra Bastille	properNoun	nor
Oradea	properNoun	swe	Oradea	properNoun	nor
Oranienbaum	properNoun	swe	Oranienbaum	properNoun	nor
Oranjestad	properNoun	swe	Oranjestad	properNoun	nor
Orbach	properNoun	swe	Orbach	properNoun	nor
Orbetello	properNoun	swe	Orbetello	properNoun	nor
Ordesa y Monte Perdido nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Ordesa y Monte Perdido nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Ordu	properNoun	swe	Ordu	properNoun	nor
Orenburg oblast	properNoun	swe	Orenburg oblast	properNoun	nor
Orenburg oblast	properNoun	swe	Orenburg	properNoun	nor
Orenburg	properNoun	swe	Orenburg	properNoun	nor
Orense	properNoun	swe	Ourense	properNoun	nor
Orestes Valley	properNoun	swe	Orestes Valley	properNoun	nor
Oreälven	properNoun	swe	Oreälven	properNoun	nor
Organic Lake	properNoun	swe	Organic Lake	properNoun	nor
Organpipe Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Organpipe Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Organpipe Point	properNoun	swe	Organpipe Point	properNoun	nor
Orhei	properNoun	swe	Orhei	properNoun	nor
Orheim Point	properNoun	swe	Orheim Point	properNoun	nor
Orientaliska regionen	properNoun	swe	Den orientalske regionen	properNoun	nor
Origlio	properNoun	swe	Origlio	properNoun	nor
Orihuela	properNoun	swe	Orihuela	properNoun	nor
Orion Massif	properNoun	swe	Orion Massif	properNoun	nor
Orissa	properNoun	swe	Orissa	properNoun	nor
Oristano	properNoun	swe	Oristano	properNoun	nor
Orjol oblast	properNoun	swe	Orjol oblast	properNoun	nor
Orjol oblast	properNoun	swe	Orjol	properNoun	nor
Orjol	properNoun	swe	Orjol	properNoun	nor
Orkanen Katrina	properNoun	swe	Orkanen Katrina	properNoun	nor
Orken	properNoun	swe	Orken	properNoun	nor
Orkneyöarna	properNoun	swe	Orknøyane	properNoun	nor
Orkneyöarna	properNoun	swe	Orknøyene	properNoun	nor
Orlanci	properNoun	swe	Orlanci	properNoun	nor
Orlången	properNoun	swe	Orlången	properNoun	nor
Orléans	properNoun	swe	Orléans	properNoun	nor
Ormalingen	properNoun	swe	Ormalingen	properNoun	nor
Ormanäs och Stanstorp	properNoun	swe	Ormanäs och Stanstorp	properNoun	nor
Ormaryd	properNoun	swe	Ormaryd	properNoun	nor
Ormeryggen	properNoun	swe	Ormeryggen	properNoun	nor
Ormputten	properNoun	swe	Ormputten	properNoun	nor
Ormsö	properNoun	swe	Vormsi	properNoun	nor
Ormtjernkampen nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Ormtjernkampen nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Orne	properNoun	swe	Orne	properNoun	nor
Ornäs	properNoun	swe	Ornäs	properNoun	nor
Ornö	properNoun	swe	Ornö	properNoun	nor
Orontes	properNoun	swe	Orontes	properNoun	nor
Oropesa del Mar	properNoun	swe	Oropesa del Mar	properNoun	nor
Oropos	properNoun	swe	Oropos	properNoun	nor
Oropos	properNoun	swe	Oropós	properNoun	nor
Orosháza	properNoun	swe	Orosháza	properNoun	nor
Orpund	properNoun	swe	Orpund	properNoun	nor
Orrefors	properNoun	swe	Orrefors	properNoun	nor
Orrhammar	properNoun	swe	Orrhammar	properNoun	nor
Orrhammaren	properNoun	swe	Orrhammaren	properNoun	nor
Orrviken	properNoun	swe	Orrviken	properNoun	nor
Orsa kommun	properNoun	swe	Orsa kommune	properNoun	nor
Orsa	properNoun	swe	Orsa	properNoun	nor
Orsasjön	properNoun	swe	Orsasjön	properNoun	nor
Orselina	properNoun	swe	Orselina	properNoun	nor
Orsja	properNoun	swe	Orsja	properNoun	nor
Orsk	properNoun	swe	Orsk	properNoun	nor
Orthez	properNoun	swe	Orthez	properNoun	nor
Ortona	properNoun	swe	Ortona	properNoun	nor
Ortstock	properNoun	swe	Ortstock	properNoun	nor
Orust	properNoun	swe	Orust	properNoun	nor
Orusts kommun	properNoun	swe	Orust kommune	properNoun	nor
Orvieto	properNoun	swe	Orvieto	properNoun	nor
Orvilliers	properNoun	swe	Orvilliers	properNoun	nor
Orvinfjella	properNoun	swe	Orvinfjella	properNoun	nor
Orzens	properNoun	swe	Orzens	properNoun	nor
Os	properNoun	swe	Os	properNoun	nor
Osasco	properNoun	swe	Osasco	properNoun	nor
Osby kommun	properNoun	swe	Osby kommune	properNoun	nor
Osby	properNoun	swe	Osby	properNoun	nor
Osbyholm	properNoun	swe	Osbyholm	properNoun	nor
Oscar	properNoun	swe	Oscar	properNoun	nor
Oscarshall	properNoun	swe	Oscarshall	properNoun	nor
Oschersleben	properNoun	swe	Oschersleben	properNoun	nor
Osdorf	properNoun	swe	Osdorf	properNoun	nor
Osgood	properNoun	swe	Osgood	properNoun	nor
Osijek	properNoun	swe	Osijek	properNoun	nor
Osimo	properNoun	swe	Osimo	properNoun	nor
Osj	properNoun	swe	Osj	properNoun	nor
Oskarshamns kommun	properNoun	swe	Oskarshamn kommune	properNoun	nor
Oskarshamns skärgård	properNoun	swe	Oskarshamns skjergard	properNoun	nor
Oskarström	properNoun	swe	Oskarström	properNoun	nor
Oslo Konserthus	properNoun	swe	Oslo Konserthus	properNoun	nor
Oslo Plaza	properNoun	swe	Oslo Plaza	properNoun	nor
Oslo Sentralstasjon	properNoun	swe	Oslo sentralstasjon	properNoun	nor
Oslo Spektrum	properNoun	swe	Oslo Spektrum	properNoun	nor
Oslo domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Oslo domkirke	properNoun	nor
Oslo domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Oslo domkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Oslo flygplats	properNoun	swe	Oslo Lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Oslo flygplats	properNoun	swe	Oslo lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Oslo flygplats	properNoun	swe	Oslo lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Oslo flygplats	properNoun	swe	Oslo lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Oslo katolska stift	properNoun	swe	Oslo katolske bispedømme	properNoun	nor
Oslo kommun	properNoun	swe	Oslo kommune	properNoun	nor
Oslo kommun	properNoun	swe	Politikk	properNoun	nor
Oslo rådhus	properNoun	swe	Oslo rådhus	properNoun	nor
Oslotunnelen	properNoun	swe	Oslotunnelen	properNoun	nor
Osmaniye	properNoun	swe	Osmaniye	properNoun	nor
Osmanska riket	properNoun	swe	Det osmanske rike	properNoun	nor
Osnabrück	properNoun	swe	Osnabrück	properNoun	nor
Oss	properNoun	swe	Oss	properNoun	nor
Ossa	properNoun	swe	Óssa	properNoun	nor
Ossiacher See	properNoun	swe	Ossiacher See	properNoun	nor
Ostankinotornet	properNoun	swe	Ostankino-tårnet	properNoun	nor
Ostankinotornet	properNoun	swe	Ostankinotårnet	properNoun	nor
Ostasjkov	properNoun	swe	Ostasjkov	properNoun	nor
Ostbevern	properNoun	swe	Ostbevern	properNoun	nor
Ostdorf	properNoun	swe	Ostdorf	properNoun	nor
Oste	properNoun	swe	Oste	properNoun	nor
Osten	properNoun	swe	Osten	properNoun	nor
Ostenfeld	properNoun	swe	Ostenfeld	properNoun	nor
Ostenfelde	properNoun	swe	Ostenfelde	properNoun	nor
Oster	properNoun	swe	Oster	properNoun	nor
Osterburken	properNoun	swe	Osterburken	properNoun	nor
Osterfeld	properNoun	swe	Osterfeld	properNoun	nor
Osterhausen	properNoun	swe	Osterhausen	properNoun	nor
Osterhever	properNoun	swe	Osterhever	properNoun	nor
Osterholz	properNoun	swe	Osterholz	properNoun	nor
Ostermundigen	properNoun	swe	Ostermundigen	properNoun	nor
Osterode am Harz	properNoun	swe	Osterode am Harz	properNoun	nor
Osterrieth Range	properNoun	swe	Osterrieth Range	properNoun	nor
Osterspai	properNoun	swe	Osterspai	properNoun	nor
Osterwald	properNoun	swe	Osterwald	properNoun	nor
Osterwieck	properNoun	swe	Osterwieck	properNoun	nor
Ostfrisiska öarna	properNoun	swe	Dei austfrisiske øyane	properNoun	nor
Ostia	properNoun	swe	Ostia	properNoun	nor
Ostindien	properNoun	swe	Dei austindiske øyane	properNoun	nor
Ostindien	properNoun	swe	Ostindia	properNoun	nor
Ostrach	properNoun	swe	Ostrach	properNoun	nor
Ostrava	properNoun	swe	Ostrava	properNoun	nor
Ostrhauderfehn	properNoun	swe	Ostrhauderfehn	properNoun	nor
Ostroh	properNoun	swe	Ostroh	properNoun	nor
Ostvik	properNoun	swe	Ostvik	properNoun	nor
Ostönnen	properNoun	swe	Ostönnen	properNoun	nor
Oswaldtwistle	properNoun	swe	Oswaldtwistle	properNoun	nor
Oswego	properNoun	swe	Oswego	properNoun	nor
Osøyro	properNoun	swe	Osøyro	properNoun	nor
Otago	properNoun	swe	Otago	properNoun	nor
Otepää	properNoun	swe	Otepää	properNoun	nor
Othmarsingen	properNoun	swe	Othmarsingen	properNoun	nor
Otley	properNoun	swe	Otley	properNoun	nor
Otradnyj	properNoun	swe	Otradnyj	properNoun	nor
Otranto	properNoun	swe	Otranto	properNoun	nor
Otrantosundet	properNoun	swe	Otrantostredet	properNoun	nor
Otrantosundet	properNoun	swe	Otrantosundet	properNoun	nor
Ottenhausen	properNoun	swe	Ottenhausen	properNoun	nor
Otter Highlands	properNoun	swe	Otter Highlands	properNoun	nor
Otter	properNoun	swe	Otter	properNoun	nor
Otterbäcken	properNoun	swe	Otterbäcken	properNoun	nor
Otterndorf	properNoun	swe	Otterndorf	properNoun	nor
Ottersberg	properNoun	swe	Ottersberg	properNoun	nor
Ottery St Mary	properNoun	swe	Ottery St. Mary	properNoun	nor
Ottweiler	properNoun	swe	Ottweiler	properNoun	nor
Otway Massif	properNoun	swe	Otway Massif	properNoun	nor
Ouagadougou	properNoun	swe	Ouagadougou	properNoun	nor
Oude Kerk	properNoun	swe	Oude Kerk	properNoun	nor
Oudezijds Voorburgwal	properNoun	swe	Oudezijds Voorburgwal	properNoun	nor
Ouessant	properNoun	swe	Ouessant	properNoun	nor
Ouessant	properNoun	swe	Île d'Ouessant	properNoun	nor
Ouest	properNoun	swe	Ouest	properNoun	nor
Ouidah	properNoun	swe	Ouidah	properNoun	nor
Ounasjoki	properNoun	swe	Ounasjoki	properNoun	nor
Oundle	properNoun	swe	Oundle	properNoun	nor
Our	properNoun	swe	Our	properNoun	nor
Ourense	properNoun	swe	Ourense	properNoun	nor
Out Skerries	properNoun	swe	Out Skerries	properNoun	nor
Outback Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Outback Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Outback	properNoun	swe	Outback	properNoun	nor
Outlaw Rock	properNoun	swe	Outlaw Rock	properNoun	nor
Outpost Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Outpost Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Outrider Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Outrider Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Ovala rummet	properNoun	swe	Det ovale kontor	properNoun	nor
Ovala rummet	properNoun	swe	Det ovale kontoret	properNoun	nor
Ovanåker	properNoun	swe	Ovanåker	properNoun	nor
Ovanåkers kommun	properNoun	swe	Ovanåker kommune	properNoun	nor
Overath	properNoun	swe	Overath	properNoun	nor
Overbeck	properNoun	swe	Overbeck	properNoun	nor
Overijse	properNoun	swe	Overijse	properNoun	nor
Overijssel	properNoun	swe	Overijssel	properNoun	nor
Ovesholm	properNoun	swe	Ovesholm	properNoun	nor
Oviedo	properNoun	swe	Oviedo	properNoun	nor
Owen Hills	properNoun	swe	Owen Hills	properNoun	nor
Owen Ridge	properNoun	swe	Owen Ridge	properNoun	nor
Owen	properNoun	swe	Owen	properNoun	nor
Oxbacken	properNoun	swe	Oxbacken	properNoun	nor
Oxelösund	properNoun	swe	Oxelösund	properNoun	nor
Oxelösunds kommun	properNoun	swe	Oxelösund kommune	properNoun	nor
Oxford Street	properNoun	swe	Oxford Street	properNoun	nor
Oxfords universitet	properNoun	swe	University of Oxford	properNoun	nor
Oxfordshire	properNoun	swe	Oxfordshire	properNoun	nor
Oxie	properNoun	swe	Oxie	properNoun	nor
Oyten	properNoun	swe	Oyten	properNoun	nor
Ozark	properNoun	swe	Ozark	properNoun	nor
Oziorsk	properNoun	swe	Oziorsk	properNoun	nor
Oświęcim	properNoun	swe	Oświęcim	properNoun	nor
Pa Tio Tio Gap	properNoun	swe	Pa Tio Tio Gap	properNoun	nor
Pabay	properNoun	swe	Pabay	properNoun	nor
Pacaraima	properNoun	swe	Pacaraima	properNoun	nor
Pachacamac	properNoun	swe	Pachacamac	properNoun	nor
Pachino	properNoun	swe	Pachino	properNoun	nor
Padang	properNoun	swe	Padang	properNoun	nor
Padberg	properNoun	swe	Padberg	properNoun	nor
Padborg Park	properNoun	swe	Padborg Park	properNoun	nor
Paddington Station	properNoun	swe	Paddington stasjon	properNoun	nor
Paddington	properNoun	swe	Paddington	properNoun	nor
Paderborn	properNoun	swe	Paderborn	properNoun	nor
Padova	properNoun	swe	Padova	properNoun	nor
Padstow	properNoun	swe	Padstow	properNoun	nor
Padua	properNoun	swe	Padova	properNoun	nor
Pagano Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Pagano Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Pageant Point	properNoun	swe	Pageant Point	properNoun	nor
Pago Pago	properNoun	swe	Pago Pago	properNoun	nor
Pagoda Ridge	properNoun	swe	Pagoda Ridge	properNoun	nor
Pagodroma Gorge	properNoun	swe	Pagodroma Gorge	properNoun	nor
Paide	properNoun	swe	Paide	properNoun	nor
Paige	properNoun	swe	Paige	properNoun	nor
Paignton	properNoun	swe	Paignton	properNoun	nor
Paisley	properNoun	swe	Paisley	properNoun	nor
Pajala kommun	properNoun	swe	Pajala kommune	properNoun	nor
Pajala	properNoun	swe	Pajala	properNoun	nor
Pala da Tgiern	properNoun	swe	Pala da Tgiern	properNoun	nor
Palace Theatre	properNoun	swe	Palace Theatre	properNoun	nor
Palais Bourbon	properNoun	swe	Palais Bourbon	properNoun	nor
Palaiseau	properNoun	swe	Palaiseau	properNoun	nor
Palamós	properNoun	swe	Palamós	properNoun	nor
Palana	properNoun	swe	Palana	properNoun	nor
Palanche de la Cretta	properNoun	swe	Palanche de la Cretta	properNoun	nor
Palanga	properNoun	swe	Palanga	properNoun	nor
Palatinen	properNoun	swe	Palatinerhøgda	properNoun	nor
Palatinen	properNoun	swe	Palatinerhøyden	properNoun	nor
Palau	properNoun	swe	Palau	properNoun	nor
Palaver Point	properNoun	swe	Palaver Point	properNoun	nor
Palawan	properNoun	swe	Palawan	properNoun	nor
Palazzo Vecchio	properNoun	swe	Palazzo Vecchio	properNoun	nor
Paldiski	properNoun	swe	Paldiski	properNoun	nor
Palearktiska regionen	properNoun	swe	Den palearktiske regionen	properNoun	nor
Palearktiska regionen	properNoun	swe	Palearktis	properNoun	nor
Palembang	properNoun	swe	Palembang	properNoun	nor
Palencia	properNoun	swe	Palencia	properNoun	nor
Paleochora	properNoun	swe	Paleokhora	properNoun	nor
Paleochora	properNoun	swe	Paleokhóra	properNoun	nor
Palestinska myndigheten	properNoun	swe	Den palestinske selvstyremyndigheten	properNoun	nor
Palestinska myndigheten	properNoun	swe	Det palestinske området	properNoun	nor
Palets Rock	properNoun	swe	Palets Rock	properNoun	nor
Palikir	properNoun	swe	Palikir	properNoun	nor
Palisade Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Palisade Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Palisade Valley	properNoun	swe	Palisade Valley	properNoun	nor
Palićsjön	properNoun	swe	Palićsjøen	properNoun	nor
Pallid Crest	properNoun	swe	Pallid Crest	properNoun	nor
Palm Beach Gardens	properNoun	swe	Palm Beach Gardens	properNoun	nor
Palm Beach	properNoun	swe	Palm Beach	properNoun	nor
Palma de Mallorca	properNoun	swe	Palma de Mallorca	properNoun	nor
Palmdale	properNoun	swe	Palmdale	properNoun	nor
Palmer Land	properNoun	swe	Palmer Land	properNoun	nor
Palmerarkipelagen	properNoun	swe	Antarktiske Arkipel	properNoun	nor
Palmerston North	properNoun	swe	Palmerston North	properNoun	nor
Palmetto	properNoun	swe	Palmetto	properNoun	nor
Palmyra	properNoun	swe	Palmyra	properNoun	nor
Palmyraatollen	properNoun	swe	Palmyra-atollen	properNoun	nor
Palmyraatollen	properNoun	swe	Palmyra Atoll	properNoun	nor
Palo Alto	properNoun	swe	Palo Alto	properNoun	nor
Palos Verdes	properNoun	swe	Palos Verdes	properNoun	nor
Pamiers	properNoun	swe	Pamiers	properNoun	nor
Pamir	properNoun	swe	Pamir	properNoun	nor
Pampas	properNoun	swe	Pampa	properNoun	nor
Pampero Pass	properNoun	swe	Pampero Pass	properNoun	nor
Pan European Game Information	properNoun	swe	Pan European Game Information	properNoun	nor
Panagyurishte Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Panagyurishte Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Panay	properNoun	swe	Panay	properNoun	nor
Pančevo	properNoun	swe	Pančevo	properNoun	nor
Pandan	properNoun	swe	Pandan	properNoun	nor
Pandemonium Point	properNoun	swe	Pandemonium Point	properNoun	nor
Pandora Spire	properNoun	swe	Pandora Spire	properNoun	nor
Pandrup	properNoun	swe	Pandrup	properNoun	nor
Panevėžys	properNoun	swe	Panevėžys	properNoun	nor
Panhard Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Panhard Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Panjin	properNoun	swe	Panjin	properNoun	nor
Panketal	properNoun	swe	Panketal	properNoun	nor
Pannoniska slätten	properNoun	swe	Den pannoniske sletta	properNoun	nor
Pannoniska slätten	properNoun	swe	Den pannoniske slette	properNoun	nor
Pantelleria	properNoun	swe	Pantelleria	properNoun	nor
Panten	properNoun	swe	Panten	properNoun	nor
Pantheon	properNoun	swe	Pantheon	properNoun	nor
Pantin	properNoun	swe	Pantin	properNoun	nor
Pantomime Point	properNoun	swe	Pantomime Point	properNoun	nor
Panzarini Hills	properNoun	swe	Panzarini Hills	properNoun	nor
Panzer	properNoun	swe	Panzer	properNoun	nor
Panzhihua	properNoun	swe	Panzhihua	properNoun	nor
Papa Westray	properNoun	swe	Papa Westray	properNoun	nor
Pápa	properNoun	swe	Pápa	properNoun	nor
Pape Rock	properNoun	swe	Pape Rock	properNoun	nor
Papeete	properNoun	swe	Papeete	properNoun	nor
Papenburg	properNoun	swe	Papenburg	properNoun	nor
Papey	properNoun	swe	Papey	properNoun	nor
Papiermühle	properNoun	swe	Papiermühle	properNoun	nor
Papua Nya Guinea	properNoun	swe	Papua Ny-Guinea	properNoun	nor
Pará	properNoun	swe	Pará	properNoun	nor
Paracombe	properNoun	swe	Paracombe	properNoun	nor
Paradiese	properNoun	swe	Paradiese	properNoun	nor
Paragon Point	properNoun	swe	Paragon Point	properNoun	nor
Paramaribo	properNoun	swe	Paramaribo	properNoun	nor
Parasite Cone	properNoun	swe	Parasite Cone	properNoun	nor
Parawera Cone	properNoun	swe	Parawera Cone	properNoun	nor
Paraíba	properNoun	swe	Paraíba	properNoun	nor
Parchevich Ridge	properNoun	swe	Parchevich Ridge	properNoun	nor
Pardubice	properNoun	swe	Pardubice	properNoun	nor
Parga	properNoun	swe	Párga	properNoun	nor
Pariconha	properNoun	swe	Pariconha	properNoun	nor
Paricutín	properNoun	swe	Paricutín	properNoun	nor
Paril Saddle	properNoun	swe	Paril Saddle	properNoun	nor
Parinacota	properNoun	swe	Parinacota	properNoun	nor
Paripueira	properNoun	swe	Paripueira	properNoun	nor
Pariskanonen	properNoun	swe	Pariskanonen	properNoun	nor
Park Theatre	properNoun	swe	Park Theatre	properNoun	nor
Parken	properNoun	swe	Parken	properNoun	nor
Parker Pass	properNoun	swe	Parker Pass	properNoun	nor
Parksidan	properNoun	swe	Parksidan	properNoun	nor
Parmelee Massif	properNoun	swe	Parmelee Massif	properNoun	nor
Parnassos	properNoun	swe	Parnassos	properNoun	nor
Parnassos	properNoun	swe	Parnassós	properNoun	nor
Paros	properNoun	swe	Páros	properNoun	nor
Paros	properNoun	swe	Paros	properNoun	nor
Parpaner Rothorn	properNoun	swe	Parpaner Rothorn	properNoun	nor
Parpaner Schwarzhorn	properNoun	swe	Parpaner Schwarzhorn	properNoun	nor
Parpen Crags	properNoun	swe	Parpen Crags	properNoun	nor
Parral	properNoun	swe	Parral	properNoun	nor
Parramatta	properNoun	swe	Parramatta	properNoun	nor
Parrotspitze	properNoun	swe	Parrotspitze	properNoun	nor
Parryøya	properNoun	swe	Parryøya	properNoun	nor
Parsęta	properNoun	swe	Parsęta	properNoun	nor
Parthenay	properNoun	swe	Parthenay	properNoun	nor
Parthenon	properNoun	swe	Parthenon	properNoun	nor
Partido de Escobar	properNoun	swe	Escobar Partido	properNoun	nor
Partien	properNoun	swe	Partia	properNoun	nor
Partille kommun	properNoun	swe	Partille kommune	properNoun	nor
Partille	properNoun	swe	Partille	properNoun	nor
Partridge Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Partridge Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Pasadena	properNoun	swe	Pasadena	properNoun	nor
Pasco	properNoun	swe	Pasco	properNoun	nor
Pašman	properNoun	swe	Pašman	properNoun	nor
Paspels	properNoun	swe	Paspels	properNoun	nor
Passau	properNoun	swe	Passau	properNoun	nor
Passel Pond	properNoun	swe	Passel Pond	properNoun	nor
Passo de Camaragibe	properNoun	swe	Passo de Camaragibe	properNoun	nor
Passow	properNoun	swe	Passow	properNoun	nor
Pasvik älv	properNoun	swe	Pasvikelva	properNoun	nor
Pasvikdalen	properNoun	swe	Pasvikdalen	properNoun	nor
Pasłęka	properNoun	swe	Pasłęka	properNoun	nor
Patagonien	properNoun	swe	Patagonia	properNoun	nor
Patalamon Mesa	properNoun	swe	Patalamon Mesa	properNoun	nor
Patcha Point	properNoun	swe	Patcha Point	properNoun	nor
Paternoster Valley	properNoun	swe	Paternoster Valley	properNoun	nor
Pathfinder	properNoun	swe	Pathfinder	properNoun	nor
Patience Rocks	properNoun	swe	Patience Rocks	properNoun	nor
Patmos	properNoun	swe	Pátmos	properNoun	nor
Patmos	properNoun	swe	Patmos	properNoun	nor
Patnos	properNoun	swe	Patnos	properNoun	nor
Patras	properNoun	swe	Pátra	properNoun	nor
Patras	properNoun	swe	Patras	properNoun	nor
Patrasbukten	properNoun	swe	Pátrabukta	properNoun	nor
Patrasbukten	properNoun	swe	Patrasbukten	properNoun	nor
Patrick Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Patrick Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Patroclus Hill	properNoun	swe	Patroclus Hill	properNoun	nor
Patscherkofel	properNoun	swe	Patscherkofel	properNoun	nor
Pattensen	properNoun	swe	Pattensen	properNoun	nor
Pattern	properNoun	swe	Pattern	properNoun	nor
Patterson Rock	properNoun	swe	Patterson Rock	properNoun	nor
Pau	properNoun	swe	Pau	properNoun	nor
Paulcke	properNoun	swe	Paulcke	properNoun	nor
Pauliström	properNoun	swe	Pauliström	properNoun	nor
Paulo Jacinto	properNoun	swe	Paulo Jacinto	properNoun	nor
Paulínia	properNoun	swe	Paulínia	properNoun	nor
Pavia	properNoun	swe	Pavia	properNoun	nor
Paviken	properNoun	swe	Paviken	properNoun	nor
Pavlikeni Point	properNoun	swe	Pavlikeni Point	properNoun	nor
Pavlodar	properNoun	swe	Pavlodar	properNoun	nor
Pavlohrad	properNoun	swe	Pavlohrad	properNoun	nor
Pavlovskij Posad	properNoun	swe	Pavlovskij Posad	properNoun	nor
Pavonis Mons	properNoun	swe	Pavonis Mons	properNoun	nor
Pawley Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Pawley Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Paxos	properNoun	swe	Paxos	properNoun	nor
Paxos	properNoun	swe	Paxí	properNoun	nor
Payerne	properNoun	swe	Payerne	properNoun	nor
Pays de la Loire	properNoun	swe	Pays de la Loire	properNoun	nor
Pazardzhik Point	properNoun	swe	Pazardzhik Point	properNoun	nor
Pazin	properNoun	swe	Pazin	properNoun	nor
Peacock Heights	properNoun	swe	Peacock Heights	properNoun	nor
Peacock Subglacial Trench	properNoun	swe	Peacock Subglacial Trench	properNoun	nor
Pearce Dome	properNoun	swe	Pearce Dome	properNoun	nor
Pearse Valley	properNoun	swe	Pearse Valley	properNoun	nor
Pech	properNoun	swe	Pech	properNoun	nor
Pechell	properNoun	swe	Pechell	properNoun	nor
Peck Range	properNoun	swe	Peck Range	properNoun	nor
Pedra da Gávea	properNoun	swe	Pedra da Gávea	properNoun	nor
Peel	properNoun	swe	Peel	properNoun	nor
Peene	properNoun	swe	Peene	properNoun	nor
Pegasus Mountains	properNoun	swe	Pegasus Mountains	properNoun	nor
Pegmatite Point	properNoun	swe	Pegmatite Point	properNoun	nor
Pegnitz	properNoun	swe	Pegnitz	properNoun	nor
Pegtop Mountain	properNoun	swe	Pegtop Mountain	properNoun	nor
Peipus	properNoun	swe	Peipus	properNoun	nor
Peist	properNoun	swe	Peist	properNoun	nor
Pekan	properNoun	swe	Pekan	properNoun	nor
Pelagiska öarna	properNoun	swe	De pelagiske øyer	properNoun	nor
Pelagiska öarna	properNoun	swe	Dei pelagiske øyane	properNoun	nor
Peletier Plateau	properNoun	swe	Peletier Plateau	properNoun	nor
Pelješac	properNoun	swe	Pelješac	properNoun	nor
Pella	properNoun	swe	Pella	properNoun	nor
Pellworm	properNoun	swe	Pellworm	properNoun	nor
Peloponnesos	properNoun	swe	Peloponnes	properNoun	nor
Pembrokeshire	properNoun	swe	Pembrokeshire	properNoun	nor
Penance Pass	properNoun	swe	Penance Pass	properNoun	nor
Penca Hill	properNoun	swe	Penca Hill	properNoun	nor
Penck	properNoun	swe	Penck	properNoun	nor
Pendlebury	properNoun	swe	Pendlebury	properNoun	nor
Penistone	properNoun	swe	Penistone	properNoun	nor
Pennell Coast	properNoun	swe	Pennell Coast	properNoun	nor
Penney Ravine	properNoun	swe	Penney Ravine	properNoun	nor
Penninerna	properNoun	swe	Penninane	properNoun	nor
Penninerna	properNoun	swe	Penninene	properNoun	nor
Penny Lane	properNoun	swe	Penny Lane	properNoun	nor
Penon de Alhucemas	properNoun	swe	Peñón de Alhucemas	properNoun	nor
Penrith	properNoun	swe	Penrith	properNoun	nor
Penrod Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Penrod Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Pensacola	properNoun	swe	Pensacola	properNoun	nor
Penthaz	properNoun	swe	Penthaz	properNoun	nor
Penthéréaz	properNoun	swe	Penthéréaz	properNoun	nor
Penza oblast	properNoun	swe	Penza oblast	properNoun	nor
Penza oblast	properNoun	swe	Penza	properNoun	nor
Penza	properNoun	swe	Penza	properNoun	nor
Penzance	properNoun	swe	Penzance	properNoun	nor
Peoples Rocks	properNoun	swe	Peoples Rocks	properNoun	nor
Pepparholm	properNoun	swe	Peberholm	properNoun	nor
Peralada	properNoun	swe	Peralada	properNoun	nor
Peralta Rocks	properNoun	swe	Peralta Rocks	properNoun	nor
Perce Point	properNoun	swe	Perce Point	properNoun	nor
Perchot	properNoun	swe	Perchot	properNoun	nor
Perdika	properNoun	swe	Pérdika	properNoun	nor
Perekopnäset	properNoun	swe	Perekopeidet	properNoun	nor
Perekopnäset	properNoun	swe	Perekopneset	properNoun	nor
Peremennyy	properNoun	swe	Peremennyy	properNoun	nor
Pergamon	properNoun	swe	Pergamon	properNoun	nor
Perk Summit	properNoun	swe	Perk Summit	properNoun	nor
Perm kraj	properNoun	swe	Perm kraj	properNoun	nor
Perm kraj	properNoun	swe	Perm	properNoun	nor
Perm oblast	properNoun	swe	Perm oblast	properNoun	nor
Perm	properNoun	swe	Perm	properNoun	nor
Perperek Knoll	properNoun	swe	Perperek Knoll	properNoun	nor
Perpignan	properNoun	swe	Perpignan	properNoun	nor
Perplex Ridge	properNoun	swe	Perplex Ridge	properNoun	nor
Perrefitte	properNoun	swe	Perrefitte	properNoun	nor
Persberg	properNoun	swe	Persberg	properNoun	nor
Persbo	properNoun	swe	Persbo	properNoun	nor
Perseus Crags	properNoun	swe	Perseus Crags	properNoun	nor
Pershagen	properNoun	swe	Pershagen	properNoun	nor
Pershore	properNoun	swe	Pershore	properNoun	nor
Persiska viken	properNoun	swe	Persiabukta	properNoun	nor
Persiska viken	properNoun	swe	Persiabukten	properNoun	nor
Persoonia terminalis	properNoun	swe	Persoonia terminalis	properNoun	nor
Perstorp	properNoun	swe	Perstorp	properNoun	nor
Perstorps kommun	properNoun	swe	Perstorp kommune	properNoun	nor
Persön	properNoun	swe	Persön	properNoun	nor
Perth and Kinross	properNoun	swe	Perth and Kinross	properNoun	nor
Perugia	properNoun	swe	Perugia	properNoun	nor
Pervouralsk	properNoun	swe	Pervouralsk	properNoun	nor
Pesaro e Urbino	properNoun	swe	Pesaro og Urbino	properNoun	nor
Pesaro	properNoun	swe	Pesaro	properNoun	nor
Pescara	properNoun	swe	Pescara	properNoun	nor
Pescaria Brava	properNoun	swe	Pescaria Brava	properNoun	nor
Pesce Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Pesce Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Pesch	properNoun	swe	Pesch	properNoun	nor
Peseux	properNoun	swe	Peseux	properNoun	nor
Peshawar	properNoun	swe	Peshawar	properNoun	nor
Peshev Ridge	properNoun	swe	Peshev Ridge	properNoun	nor
Pesky Rocks	properNoun	swe	Pesky Rocks	properNoun	nor
Pessac	properNoun	swe	Pessac	properNoun	nor
Pest	properNoun	swe	Pest	properNoun	nor
Peter Crest	properNoun	swe	Peter Crest	properNoun	nor
Peter Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Peter Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Peterborough	properNoun	swe	Peterborough	properNoun	nor
Peterhead	properNoun	swe	Peterhead	properNoun	nor
Peterhof	properNoun	swe	Peterhof	properNoun	nor
Peterhouse	properNoun	swe	Peterhouse	properNoun	nor
Peterlee	properNoun	swe	Peterlee	properNoun	nor
Petersberg	properNoun	swe	Petersberg	properNoun	nor
Petersfield	properNoun	swe	Petersfield	properNoun	nor
Petersgrat	properNoun	swe	Petersgrat	properNoun	nor
Petershagen	properNoun	swe	Petershagen	properNoun	nor
Petershausen	properNoun	swe	Petershausen	properNoun	nor
Peterskyrkan	properNoun	swe	Peterskirken	properNoun	nor
Peterskyrkan	properNoun	swe	Peterskyrkja	properNoun	nor
Peterson Hills	properNoun	swe	Peterson Hills	properNoun	nor
Petinos	properNoun	swe	Petinos	properNoun	nor
Petit Combin	properNoun	swe	Petit Combin	properNoun	nor
Petit Muveran	properNoun	swe	Petit Muveran	properNoun	nor
Petite Aiguille	properNoun	swe	Petite Aiguille	properNoun	nor
Petite Rocks	properNoun	swe	Petite Rocks	properNoun	nor
Petjora	properNoun	swe	Petsjora	properNoun	nor
Petjorahavet	properNoun	swe	Petsjorahavet	properNoun	nor
Petlock	properNoun	swe	Petlock	properNoun	nor
Petrellfjellet	properNoun	swe	Petrellfjellet	properNoun	nor
Petroff Point	properNoun	swe	Petroff Point	properNoun	nor
Petrozavodsk	properNoun	swe	Petrozavodsk	properNoun	nor
Petrópolis	properNoun	swe	Petrópolis	properNoun	nor
Petsamo	properNoun	swe	Petsamo	properNoun	nor
Petsamo	properNoun	swe	Peisen	properNoun	nor
Petsamo	properNoun	swe	Petsjenga	properNoun	nor
Petsamo	properNoun	swe	Petsjenga	properNoun	nor
Pettendorf	properNoun	swe	Pettendorf	properNoun	nor
Petty Rocks	properNoun	swe	Petty Rocks	properNoun	nor
Petuchovo	properNoun	swe	Petukhovo	properNoun	nor
Petworth	properNoun	swe	Petworth	properNoun	nor
Petäjävesi gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Petäjävesi gamle kirke	properNoun	nor
Petäjävesi gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Petäjävesi gamle kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Petäjävesi	properNoun	swe	Petäjävesi	properNoun	nor
Peumerit	properNoun	swe	Peumerit	properNoun	nor
Pevek	properNoun	swe	Pevek	properNoun	nor
Pfaffenberg	properNoun	swe	Pfaffenberg	properNoun	nor
Pfaffenhofen	properNoun	swe	Pfaffenhofen	properNoun	nor
Pfastatt	properNoun	swe	Pfastatt	properNoun	nor
Pfaueninsel	properNoun	swe	Pfaueninsel	properNoun	nor
Pfeffikon	properNoun	swe	Pfeffikon	properNoun	nor
Pfeffingen	properNoun	swe	Pfeffingen	properNoun	nor
Pfinztal	properNoun	swe	Pfinztal	properNoun	nor
Pforzheim	properNoun	swe	Pforzheim	properNoun	nor
Pfrogner Point	properNoun	swe	Pfrogner Point	properNoun	nor
Pfullendorf	properNoun	swe	Pfullendorf	properNoun	nor
Pfullingen	properNoun	swe	Pfullingen	properNoun	nor
Pfäfers	properNoun	swe	Pfäfers	properNoun	nor
Pfäffikersee	properNoun	swe	Pfäffikersee	properNoun	nor
Pfäffikon	properNoun	swe	Pfäffikon	properNoun	nor
Pfänder	properNoun	swe	Pfänder	properNoun	nor
Phalempin	properNoun	swe	Phalempin	properNoun	nor
Phelps Promontory	properNoun	swe	Phelps Promontory	properNoun	nor
Phenix City	properNoun	swe	Phenix City	properNoun	nor
Philippsburg	properNoun	swe	Philippsburg	properNoun	nor
Philipsburg	properNoun	swe	Philipsburg	properNoun	nor
Phillips Academy	properNoun	swe	Phillips Academy	properNoun	nor
Phillips Exeter Academy	properNoun	swe	Phillips Exeter Academy	properNoun	nor
Phillips Mountains	properNoun	swe	Phillips Mountains	properNoun	nor
Phillips Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Phillips Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Philmont	properNoun	swe	Philmont	properNoun	nor
Phippsøya	properNoun	swe	Phippsøya	properNoun	nor
Phleger Dome	properNoun	swe	Phleger Dome	properNoun	nor
Phnom Penh	properNoun	swe	Phnom Penh	properNoun	nor
Phobos Ridge	properNoun	swe	Phobos Ridge	properNoun	nor
Phoenix Theatre	properNoun	swe	Phoenix Theatre	properNoun	nor
Phu Bais internationella flygplats	properNoun	swe	Phu Bai internasjonale lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Phu Bais internationella flygplats	properNoun	swe	Phu Bai lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Phu Quoc Internationell flygplats	properNoun	swe	Phu Quoc internasjonale lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Phu Quoc Internationell flygplats	properNoun	swe	Phu Quoc internasjonale lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Phu Quoc flygplats	properNoun	swe	Phu Quoc lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Phu Quoc flygplats	properNoun	swe	Phu Quoc lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Physeter Rocks	properNoun	swe	Physeter Rocks	properNoun	nor
Piacenza	properNoun	swe	Piacenza	properNoun	nor
Pianosa	properNoun	swe	Pianosa	properNoun	nor
Piaseczno	properNoun	swe	Piaseczno	properNoun	nor
Piatra Neamț	properNoun	swe	Piatra Neamţ	properNoun	nor
Piatra Neamț	properNoun	swe	Piatra Neamț	properNoun	nor
Piauí	properNoun	swe	Piauí	properNoun	nor
Piave	properNoun	swe	Piave	properNoun	nor
Pic Chaussy	properNoun	swe	Pic Chaussy	properNoun	nor
Pic de Sanfons	properNoun	swe	Pic de Sanfonts	properNoun	nor
Pic del Port Vell	properNoun	swe	Pic del Port Vell	properNoun	nor
Pic dels Aspres	properNoun	swe	Pic dels Aspres	properNoun	nor
Picardie	properNoun	swe	Picardie	properNoun	nor
Picciotto	properNoun	swe	Picciotto	properNoun	nor
Pichilemu	properNoun	swe	Pichilemu	properNoun	nor
Pickering Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Pickering Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Pickering Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Pickering Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Pico Almanzor	properNoun	swe	Pico Almanzor	properNoun	nor
Pico Bolívar	properNoun	swe	Pico Bolívar	properNoun	nor
Pico da Neblina	properNoun	swe	Pico da Neblina	properNoun	nor
Pico de Orizaba	properNoun	swe	Pico de Orizaba	properNoun	nor
Pico	properNoun	swe	Pico	properNoun	nor
Pidhajtsi	properNoun	swe	Pidhajtsi	properNoun	nor
Pielisjärvi	properNoun	swe	Pielinen	properNoun	nor
Pielisjärvi	properNoun	swe	Pielisjärvi	properNoun	nor
Piemonte	properNoun	swe	Piemonte	properNoun	nor
Pier	properNoun	swe	Pier	properNoun	nor
Pierien	properNoun	swe	Pieria	properNoun	nor
Pierien	properNoun	swe	Piería	properNoun	nor
Pierrafortscha	properNoun	swe	Pierrafortscha	properNoun	nor
Pierre Avoi	properNoun	swe	Pierre Avoi	properNoun	nor
Pieterlen	properNoun	swe	Pieterlen	properNoun	nor
Pietermaritzburg	properNoun	swe	Pietermaritzburg	properNoun	nor
Pietrasanta	properNoun	swe	Pietrasanta	properNoun	nor
Piggott Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Piggott Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Pigmy Rock	properNoun	swe	Pigmy Rock	properNoun	nor
Pigna	properNoun	swe	Pigna	properNoun	nor
Pigniu	properNoun	swe	Pigniu	properNoun	nor
Pikaljovo	properNoun	swe	Pikaljovo	properNoun	nor
Pila	properNoun	swe	Pila	properNoun	nor
Pilestræde	properNoun	swe	Pilestræde	properNoun	nor
Pilgrimstad	properNoun	swe	Pilgrimstad	properNoun	nor
Pilica	properNoun	swe	Pilica	properNoun	nor
Pillow Knob	properNoun	swe	Pillow Knob	properNoun	nor
Pillsbury Tower	properNoun	swe	Pillsbury Tower	properNoun	nor
Pimple	properNoun	swe	Pimple	properNoun	nor
Pinafore Moraine	properNoun	swe	Pinafore Moraine	properNoun	nor
Pindoba	properNoun	swe	Pindoba	properNoun	nor
Pindos	properNoun	swe	Pindos	properNoun	nor
Pindos	properNoun	swe	Píndos	properNoun	nor
Pinerolo	properNoun	swe	Pinerolo	properNoun	nor
Pinet Butte	properNoun	swe	Pinet Butte	properNoun	nor
Pineview	properNoun	swe	Pineview	properNoun	nor
Pingdingshan	properNoun	swe	Pingdingshan	properNoun	nor
Pingliang	properNoun	swe	Pingliang	properNoun	nor
Pingnan	properNoun	swe	Pingnan	properNoun	nor
Pingo	properNoun	swe	Pingo	properNoun	nor
Pingvinane	properNoun	swe	Pingvinane	properNoun	nor
Pingxiang	properNoun	swe	Pingxiang	properNoun	nor
Pinka	properNoun	swe	Pinka	properNoun	nor
Pinnacle Gap	properNoun	swe	Pinnacle Gap	properNoun	nor
Piombino	properNoun	swe	Piombino	properNoun	nor
Pioneer Heights	properNoun	swe	Pioneer Heights	properNoun	nor
Piperskärr	properNoun	swe	Piperskärr	properNoun	nor
Pipkin Rock	properNoun	swe	Pipkin Rock	properNoun	nor
Piquillín	properNoun	swe	Piquillín	properNoun	nor
Piran	properNoun	swe	Piran	properNoun	nor
Piranbukten	properNoun	swe	Piranbukta	properNoun	nor
Pirdop Gate	properNoun	swe	Pirdop Gate	properNoun	nor
Pirie Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Pirie Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Pirna	properNoun	swe	Pirna	properNoun	nor
Pirrit Hills	properNoun	swe	Pirrit Hills	properNoun	nor
Pischahorn	properNoun	swe	Pischahorn	properNoun	nor
Pistoia	properNoun	swe	Pistoia	properNoun	nor
Pisuerga	properNoun	swe	Pisuerga	properNoun	nor
Pitasch	properNoun	swe	Pitasch	properNoun	nor
Pite älv	properNoun	swe	Pite älv	properNoun	nor
Piteå kommun	properNoun	swe	Piteå kommune	properNoun	nor
Pitești	properNoun	swe	Piteşti	properNoun	nor
Pitești	properNoun	swe	Pitești	properNoun	nor
Pithiviers	properNoun	swe	Pithiviers	properNoun	nor
Pithoragarh	properNoun	swe	Pithoragarh	properNoun	nor
Pitkäranta	properNoun	swe	Pitkjaranta	properNoun	nor
Pittard	properNoun	swe	Pittard	properNoun	nor
Pityuserna	properNoun	swe	Pityusarane	properNoun	nor
Piura	properNoun	swe	Piura	properNoun	nor
Pixbo	properNoun	swe	Pixbo	properNoun	nor
Piz Albris	properNoun	swe	Piz Albris	properNoun	nor
Piz Arblatsch	properNoun	swe	Piz Arblatsch	properNoun	nor
Piz Arlos	properNoun	swe	Piz Arlos	properNoun	nor
Piz Arpschella	properNoun	swe	Piz Arpschella	properNoun	nor
Piz Aul	properNoun	swe	Piz Aul	properNoun	nor
Piz Avat	properNoun	swe	Piz Avat	properNoun	nor
Piz Bacun	properNoun	swe	Piz Bacun	properNoun	nor
Piz Bernina	properNoun	swe	Piz Bernina	properNoun	nor
Piz Bever	properNoun	swe	Piz Bever	properNoun	nor
Piz Beverin	properNoun	swe	Piz Beverin	properNoun	nor
Piz Bial	properNoun	swe	Piz Bial	properNoun	nor
Piz Blas	properNoun	swe	Piz Blas	properNoun	nor
Piz Bleis Marscha	properNoun	swe	Piz Bleis Marscha	properNoun	nor
Piz Bles	properNoun	swe	Piz Bles	properNoun	nor
Piz Boval	properNoun	swe	Piz Boval	properNoun	nor
Piz Buin	properNoun	swe	Piz Buin	properNoun	nor
Piz Calderas	properNoun	swe	Piz Calderas	properNoun	nor
Piz Cambrena	properNoun	swe	Piz Cambrena	properNoun	nor
Piz Canal	properNoun	swe	Piz Canal	properNoun	nor
Piz Cartas	properNoun	swe	Piz Cartas	properNoun	nor
Piz Casarauls	properNoun	swe	Piz Cazarauls	properNoun	nor
Piz Caschleglia	properNoun	swe	Piz Caschleglia	properNoun	nor
Piz Cavardiras	properNoun	swe	Piz Cavardiras	properNoun	nor
Piz Cavel	properNoun	swe	Piz Cavel	properNoun	nor
Piz Cavradi	properNoun	swe	Piz Cavradi	properNoun	nor
Piz Chalchagn	properNoun	swe	Piz Chalchagn	properNoun	nor
Piz Chaschauna	properNoun	swe	Piz Chaschauna	properNoun	nor
Piz Corvatsch	properNoun	swe	Piz Corvatsch	properNoun	nor
Piz Costainas	properNoun	swe	Piz Costainas	properNoun	nor
Piz Curvèr	properNoun	swe	Piz Curvér	properNoun	nor
Piz Daint	properNoun	swe	Piz Daint	properNoun	nor
Piz Davo Lais	properNoun	swe	Piz Davo Lais	properNoun	nor
Piz Duan	properNoun	swe	Piz Duan	properNoun	nor
Piz Ela	properNoun	swe	Piz Ela	properNoun	nor
Piz Fedoz	properNoun	swe	Piz Fedoz	properNoun	nor
Piz Fess	properNoun	swe	Piz Fess	properNoun	nor
Piz Fliana	properNoun	swe	Piz Fliana	properNoun	nor
Piz Foraz	properNoun	swe	Piz Foraz	properNoun	nor
Piz Forbesch	properNoun	swe	Piz Forbesch	properNoun	nor
Piz Forun	properNoun	swe	Piz Forun	properNoun	nor
Piz Gannaretsch	properNoun	swe	Piz Gannaretsch	properNoun	nor
Piz Giuv	properNoun	swe	Piz Giuv	properNoun	nor
Piz Grevasalvas	properNoun	swe	Piz Grevasalvas	properNoun	nor
Piz Jenatsch	properNoun	swe	Piz Jenatsch	properNoun	nor
Piz Julier	properNoun	swe	Piz Julier	properNoun	nor
Piz Kesch	properNoun	swe	Piz Kesch	properNoun	nor
Piz Lagalb	properNoun	swe	Piz Lagalb	properNoun	nor
Piz Lagrev	properNoun	swe	Piz Lagrev	properNoun	nor
Piz Languard	properNoun	swe	Piz Languard	properNoun	nor
Piz Laschadurella	properNoun	swe	Piz Laschadurella	properNoun	nor
Piz Lischana	properNoun	swe	Piz Lischana	properNoun	nor
Piz Lunghin	properNoun	swe	Piz Lunghin	properNoun	nor
Piz Macun	properNoun	swe	Piz Macun	properNoun	nor
Piz Madlain	properNoun	swe	Piz Madlain	properNoun	nor
Piz Máler	properNoun	swe	Piz Maler	properNoun	nor
Piz Martegnas	properNoun	swe	Piz Martegnas	properNoun	nor
Piz Medel	properNoun	swe	Piz Medel	properNoun	nor
Piz Mezzaun	properNoun	swe	Piz Mezzaun	properNoun	nor
Piz Mingèr	properNoun	swe	Piz Minger	properNoun	nor
Piz Minschun	properNoun	swe	Piz Minschun	properNoun	nor
Piz Mitgel	properNoun	swe	Piz Mitgel	properNoun	nor
Piz Morteratsch	properNoun	swe	Piz Morteratsch	properNoun	nor
Piz Mundaun	properNoun	swe	Piz Mundaun	properNoun	nor
Piz Mundin	properNoun	swe	Piz Mundin	properNoun	nor
Piz Muraun	properNoun	swe	Piz Muraun	properNoun	nor
Piz Nadéls	properNoun	swe	Piz Nadéls	properNoun	nor
Piz Nuna	properNoun	swe	Piz Nuna	properNoun	nor
Piz Palü	properNoun	swe	Piz Palü	properNoun	nor
Piz Pazzola	properNoun	swe	Piz Pazzola	properNoun	nor
Piz Pian Grand	properNoun	swe	Piz Pian Grand	properNoun	nor
Piz Picuogl	properNoun	swe	Piz Picuogl	properNoun	nor
Piz Piot	properNoun	swe	Piz Piot	properNoun	nor
Piz Pisoc	properNoun	swe	Piz Pisoc	properNoun	nor
Piz Platta	properNoun	swe	Piz Platta	properNoun	nor
Piz Plavna	properNoun	swe	Piz Plavna	properNoun	nor
Piz Pombi	properNoun	swe	Piz Pombi	properNoun	nor
Piz Por	properNoun	swe	Piz Por	properNoun	nor
Piz Prüna	properNoun	swe	Piz Prüna	properNoun	nor
Piz Quatervals	properNoun	swe	Piz Quattervals	properNoun	nor
Piz Radun	properNoun	swe	Piz Radun	properNoun	nor
Piz Ravetsch	properNoun	swe	Piz Ravetsch	properNoun	nor
Piz Riein	properNoun	swe	Piz Riein	properNoun	nor
Piz Rondadura	properNoun	swe	Piz Rondadura	properNoun	nor
Piz Rosatsch	properNoun	swe	Piz Rosatsch	properNoun	nor
Piz Roseg	properNoun	swe	Piz Roseg	properNoun	nor
Piz Salatschina	properNoun	swe	Piz Salatschina	properNoun	nor
Piz Sardona	properNoun	swe	Piz Sardona	properNoun	nor
Piz Scalotta	properNoun	swe	Piz Scalotta	properNoun	nor
Piz Scalottas	properNoun	swe	Piz Scalottas	properNoun	nor
Piz Scharboda	properNoun	swe	Piz Scharboda	properNoun	nor
Piz Segnas	properNoun	swe	Piz Segnas	properNoun	nor
Piz Sena	properNoun	swe	Piz Sena	properNoun	nor
Piz Serenastga	properNoun	swe	Piz Serenastga	properNoun	nor
Piz Serra	properNoun	swe	Piz Serra	properNoun	nor
Piz Sesvenna	properNoun	swe	Piz Sesvenna	properNoun	nor
Piz Sezner	properNoun	swe	Piz Sezner	properNoun	nor
Piz Surlej	properNoun	swe	Piz Surlej	properNoun	nor
Piz Tasna	properNoun	swe	Piz Tasna	properNoun	nor
Piz Tavrü	properNoun	swe	Piz Tavrü	properNoun	nor
Piz Terri	properNoun	swe	Piz Terri	properNoun	nor
Piz Timun	properNoun	swe	Piz Timun	properNoun	nor
Piz Titschal	properNoun	swe	Piz Titschal	properNoun	nor
Piz Toissa	properNoun	swe	Piz Toissa	properNoun	nor
Piz Trevisina	properNoun	swe	Piz Trevisina	properNoun	nor
Piz Tschierva	properNoun	swe	Piz Tschierva	properNoun	nor
Piz Turettas	properNoun	swe	Piz Turettas	properNoun	nor
Piz Uccello	properNoun	swe	Piz Uccello	properNoun	nor
Piz Umbrail	properNoun	swe	Piz Umbrail	properNoun	nor
Piz Urlaun	properNoun	swe	Piz Urlaun	properNoun	nor
Piz Val Müra	properNoun	swe	Piz Val Müra	properNoun	nor
Piz Varuna	properNoun	swe	Piz Varuna	properNoun	nor
Piz Vial	properNoun	swe	Piz Vial	properNoun	nor
Piz Vizan	properNoun	swe	Piz Vizan	properNoun	nor
Piz da la Margna	properNoun	swe	Piz da la Margna	properNoun	nor
Piz da las Clavigliadas	properNoun	swe	Piz da las Clavigliadas	properNoun	nor
Piz dal Diavel	properNoun	swe	Piz dal Diavel	properNoun	nor
Piz dal Ras	properNoun	swe	Piz dal Ras	properNoun	nor
Piz dal Teo	properNoun	swe	Piz dal Teo	properNoun	nor
Piz de Cressim	properNoun	swe	Piz de Cressim	properNoun	nor
Piz de Groven	properNoun	swe	Piz de Groven	properNoun	nor
Piz de Molinera	properNoun	swe	Piz de Molinera	properNoun	nor
Piz de Mucia	properNoun	swe	Piz de Mucia	properNoun	nor
Piz de Trescolmen	properNoun	swe	Piz de Trescolmen	properNoun	nor
Piz de la Lumbreida	properNoun	swe	Piz de la Lumbreida	properNoun	nor
Piz di Strega	properNoun	swe	Piz di Strega	properNoun	nor
Piz Üertsch	properNoun	swe	Piz Üertsch	properNoun	nor
Pizol	properNoun	swe	Pizol	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Alzasca	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Alzasca	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Barone	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Barone	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Bombögn	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Bombögn	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Campolungo	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Campolungo	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Cengalo	properNoun	swe	Piz Cengalo	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Centrale	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Centrale	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Cramalina	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Cramalina	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Erra	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Erra	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Fiorèra	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Fiorèra	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Forno	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Forno	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Gallina	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Gallina	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Lucendro	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Lucendro	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Magn	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Magn	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Malora	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Malora	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Marumo	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Marumo	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Massari	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Massari	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Muncréch	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Muncréch	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Pesciora	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Pesciora	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Solögna	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Solögna	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Straciugo	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Straciugo	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Tambo	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Tambo	properNoun	nor
Pizzo Taneda	properNoun	swe	Pizzo Taneda	properNoun	nor
Pizzo del Ramulazz	properNoun	swe	Pizzo del Ramulazz	properNoun	nor
Pizzo del Sole	properNoun	swe	Pizzo del Sole	properNoun	nor
Pizzo del Torto	properNoun	swe	Pizzo del Torto	properNoun	nor
Pizzo di Brünesc	properNoun	swe	Pizzo di Brünesc	properNoun	nor
Pizzo di Cadrèigh	properNoun	swe	Pizzo di Cadrèigh	properNoun	nor
Pizzo di Campedell	properNoun	swe	Pizzo di Campedell	properNoun	nor
Pizzo di Campello	properNoun	swe	Pizzo di Campello	properNoun	nor
Pizzo di Cassimoi	properNoun	swe	Pizzo di Cassimoi	properNoun	nor
Pizzo di Claro	properNoun	swe	Pizzo di Claro	properNoun	nor
Pizzo di Porcaresc	properNoun	swe	Pizzo di Porcarese	properNoun	nor
Pizzo di Röd	properNoun	swe	Pizzo di Röd	properNoun	nor
Pizzo di Vogorno	properNoun	swe	Pizzo di Vogorno	properNoun	nor
Pjasina	properNoun	swe	Pjasina	properNoun	nor
Pjatigorsk	properNoun	swe	Pjatigorsk	properNoun	nor
Pjesker	properNoun	swe	Pjesker	properNoun	nor
Place Charles de Gaulle	properNoun	swe	Place Charles-de-Gaulle	properNoun	nor
Plaffeien	properNoun	swe	Plaffeien	properNoun	nor
Plaggenburg	properNoun	swe	Plaggenburg	properNoun	nor
Plagne	properNoun	swe	Plagne	properNoun	nor
Plaines Wilhems	properNoun	swe	Plaines Wilhems	properNoun	nor
Planck Point	properNoun	swe	Planck Point	properNoun	nor
Planet Heights	properNoun	swe	Planet Heights	properNoun	nor
Planica	properNoun	swe	Planica	properNoun	nor
Planken	properNoun	swe	Planken	properNoun	nor
Planplatten	properNoun	swe	Planplatten	properNoun	nor
Plasselb	properNoun	swe	Plasselb	properNoun	nor
Plata Passage	properNoun	swe	Plata Passage	properNoun	nor
Platypus Ridge	properNoun	swe	Platypus Ridge	properNoun	nor
Plau am See	properNoun	swe	Plau am See	properNoun	nor
Plaue	properNoun	swe	Plaue	properNoun	nor
Plauen	properNoun	swe	Plauen	properNoun	nor
Plauer See	properNoun	swe	Plauer See	properNoun	nor
Plav	properNoun	swe	Plav	properNoun	nor
Plavsk	properNoun	swe	Plavsk	properNoun	nor
Playfair Mountains	properNoun	swe	Playfair Mountains	properNoun	nor
Playhouse Theatre	properNoun	swe	Playhouse Theatre	properNoun	nor
Pleasant Hill	properNoun	swe	Pleasant Hill	properNoun	nor
Pleasant Plateau	properNoun	swe	Pleasant Plateau	properNoun	nor
Pleasant Valley	properNoun	swe	Pleasant Valley	properNoun	nor
Pleiades	properNoun	swe	Pleiades	properNoun	nor
Pleidelsheim	properNoun	swe	Pleidelsheim	properNoun	nor
Pleiones	properNoun	swe	Pleiones	properNoun	nor
Plessur	properNoun	swe	Plessur	properNoun	nor
Plessé	properNoun	swe	Plessé	properNoun	nor
Pletschuhorn	properNoun	swe	Pletschuhorn	properNoun	nor
Plettenberg	properNoun	swe	Plettenberg	properNoun	nor
Pliska Ridge	properNoun	swe	Pliska Ridge	properNoun	nor
Pliva	properNoun	swe	Pliva	properNoun	nor
Pljevlja	properNoun	swe	Pljevlja	properNoun	nor
Plochingen	properNoun	swe	Plochingen	properNoun	nor
Plogskaftet	properNoun	swe	Plogskaftet	properNoun	nor
Ploieşti	properNoun	swe	Ploieşti	properNoun	nor
Ploieşti	properNoun	swe	Ploiești	properNoun	nor
Plomari	properNoun	swe	Plomári	properNoun	nor
Plounéventer	properNoun	swe	Plounéventer	properNoun	nor
Plumstead Valley	properNoun	swe	Plumstead Valley	properNoun	nor
Plungė	properNoun	swe	Plungė	properNoun	nor
Plunket Point	properNoun	swe	Plunket Point	properNoun	nor
Plymouth Notch	properNoun	swe	Plymouth Notch	properNoun	nor
Plymouth	properNoun	swe	Plymouth	properNoun	nor
Plzeň	properNoun	swe	Plzeň	properNoun	nor
Plön	properNoun	swe	Plön	properNoun	nor
Plötzkau	properNoun	swe	Plötzkau	properNoun	nor
Plüderhausen	properNoun	swe	Plüderhausen	properNoun	nor
Pochvistnevo	properNoun	swe	Pokhvistnevo	properNoun	nor
Pocklington	properNoun	swe	Pocklington	properNoun	nor
Pod Rocks	properNoun	swe	Pod Rocks	properNoun	nor
Podbrdo	properNoun	swe	Podbrdo	properNoun	nor
Podelzig	properNoun	swe	Podelzig	properNoun	nor
Podgorica	properNoun	swe	Podgorica	properNoun	nor
Podolsk	properNoun	swe	Podolsk	properNoun	nor
Podravina	properNoun	swe	Podravina	properNoun	nor
Poel	properNoun	swe	Poel	properNoun	nor
Pohlern	properNoun	swe	Pohlern	properNoun	nor
Poinsett	properNoun	swe	Poinsett	properNoun	nor
Pointe de Bellevue	properNoun	swe	Pointe de Bellevue	properNoun	nor
Pointe de Bertol	properNoun	swe	Pointe de Bertol	properNoun	nor
Pointe de Bricola	properNoun	swe	Pointe de Bricola	properNoun	nor
Pointe de Chésery	properNoun	swe	Pointe de Chésery	properNoun	nor
Pointe de Vouasson	properNoun	swe	Pointe de Vouasson	properNoun	nor
Pointe de Zinal	properNoun	swe	Pointe de Zinal	properNoun	nor
Pointe des Plines	properNoun	swe	Pointe des Plines	properNoun	nor
Pointe des Savolaires	properNoun	swe	Pointe des Savolaires	properNoun	nor
Pointe du Mountet	properNoun	swe	Pointe du Mountet	properNoun	nor
Pointe du Tsaté	properNoun	swe	Pointe du Tsaté	properNoun	nor
Pointer Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Pointer Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Poisson Hill	properNoun	swe	Poisson Hill	properNoun	nor
Pokój	properNoun	swe	Pokój	properNoun	nor
Pola de Lena	properNoun	swe	Pola de Lena	properNoun	nor
Polar Bear Point	properNoun	swe	Polar Bear Point	properNoun	nor
Polar Star	properNoun	swe	Polar Star	properNoun	nor
Polarmail Ledge	properNoun	swe	Polarmail Ledge	properNoun	nor
Polarstar Ridge	properNoun	swe	Polarstar Ridge	properNoun	nor
Polarstern Canyon	properNoun	swe	Polarstern Canyon	properNoun	nor
Polarstern Knoll	properNoun	swe	Polarstern Knoll	properNoun	nor
Poldervaart Edge	properNoun	swe	Poldervaart Edge	properNoun	nor
Polessk	properNoun	swe	Polessk	properNoun	nor
Polevskoj	properNoun	swe	Polevskoj	properNoun	nor
Polignano a Mare	properNoun	swe	Polignano a Mare	properNoun	nor
Polizzi Generosa	properNoun	swe	Polizzi Generosa	properNoun	nor
Polle	properNoun	swe	Polle	properNoun	nor
Pollegio	properNoun	swe	Pollegio	properNoun	nor
Pollino	properNoun	swe	Pollino	properNoun	nor
Pollux Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Pollux Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Poltava oblast	properNoun	swe	Poltava oblast	properNoun	nor
Poltava	properNoun	swe	Poltava	properNoun	nor
Polygyros	properNoun	swe	Polýjyros	properNoun	nor
Pomezia	properNoun	swe	Pomezia	properNoun	nor
Pommernbukten	properNoun	swe	Pommernbukta	properNoun	nor
Pommernbukten	properNoun	swe	Pommernbukten	properNoun	nor
Pommersche Bucht	properNoun	swe	Pommersche Bucht	properNoun	nor
Pomona	properNoun	swe	Pomona	properNoun	nor
Pomorie Point	properNoun	swe	Pomorie Point	properNoun	nor
Pompaples	properNoun	swe	Pompaples	properNoun	nor
Pompeji	properNoun	swe	Pompeii	properNoun	nor
Poncione Piancascia	properNoun	swe	Poncione Piancascia	properNoun	nor
Poncione Pro do Rodùc	properNoun	swe	Poncione Pro do Rodùc	properNoun	nor
Poncione Rosso	properNoun	swe	Poncione Rosso	properNoun	nor
Poncione di Braga	properNoun	swe	Poncione di Braga	properNoun	nor
Poncione di Piota	properNoun	swe	Poncione di Piotta	properNoun	nor
Poncione di Valleggia	properNoun	swe	Poncione di Valleggia	properNoun	nor
Poncione di Vespero	properNoun	swe	Poncione di Vespero	properNoun	nor
Pongau	properNoun	swe	Pongau	properNoun	nor
Pongo de Mainique	properNoun	swe	Pongo de Mainique	properNoun	nor
Ponoj	properNoun	swe	Ponoj	properNoun	nor
Ponta do Pico	properNoun	swe	Ponta do Pico	properNoun	nor
Pontarlier	properNoun	swe	Pontarlier	properNoun	nor
Ponte Buggianese	properNoun	swe	Ponte Buggianese	properNoun	nor
Ponte Capriasca	properNoun	swe	Ponte Capriasca	properNoun	nor
Ponte Tresa	properNoun	swe	Ponte Tresa	properNoun	nor
Ponte de Lima	properNoun	swe	Ponte de Lima	properNoun	nor
Pontedera	properNoun	swe	Pontedera	properNoun	nor
Pontefract	properNoun	swe	Pontefract	properNoun	nor
Pontenet	properNoun	swe	Pontenet	properNoun	nor
Pontes Ridge	properNoun	swe	Pontes Ridge	properNoun	nor
Pontevedra	properNoun	swe	Pontevedra	properNoun	nor
Pontevico	properNoun	swe	Pontevico	properNoun	nor
Ponthaux	properNoun	swe	Ponthaux	properNoun	nor
Pontinska öarna	properNoun	swe	De pontinske øyer	properNoun	nor
Pontinska öarna	properNoun	swe	Dei pontinske øyane	properNoun	nor
Pontiska bergen	properNoun	swe	Dei pontiske fjella	properNoun	nor
Pontivy	properNoun	swe	Pontivy	properNoun	nor
Pontoise	properNoun	swe	Pontoise	properNoun	nor
Pontresina	properNoun	swe	Pontresina	properNoun	nor
Popens	properNoun	swe	Popens	properNoun	nor
Popești	properNoun	swe	Popești	properNoun	nor
Popocatépetl	properNoun	swe	Popocatépetl	properNoun	nor
Popovo Saddle	properNoun	swe	Popovo Saddle	properNoun	nor
Poppenberg	properNoun	swe	Poppenberg	properNoun	nor
Poppenbüll	properNoun	swe	Poppenbüll	properNoun	nor
Poprad	properNoun	swe	Poprad	properNoun	nor
Pordenone	properNoun	swe	Pordenone	properNoun	nor
Porjus	properNoun	swe	Porjus	properNoun	nor
Poronajsk	properNoun	swe	Poronajsk	properNoun	nor
Poros	properNoun	swe	Poros	properNoun	nor
Poros	properNoun	swe	Póros	properNoun	nor
Porpoise Subglacial Highlands	properNoun	swe	Porpoise Subglacial Highlands	properNoun	nor
Porrentruy	properNoun	swe	Porrentruy	properNoun	nor
Porsangerfjorden	properNoun	swe	Porsangerfjorden	properNoun	nor
Port Antonio	properNoun	swe	Port Antonio	properNoun	nor
Port Arthur	properNoun	swe	Port Arthur	properNoun	nor
Port Blair	properNoun	swe	Port Blair	properNoun	nor
Port Harcourt	properNoun	swe	Port Harcourt	properNoun	nor
Port Lockroy	properNoun	swe	Port Lockroy	properNoun	nor
Port Louis	properNoun	swe	Port Louis	properNoun	nor
Port Macquarie	properNoun	swe	Port Macquarie	properNoun	nor
Port Moresby	properNoun	swe	Port Moresby	properNoun	nor
Port Said	properNoun	swe	Port Said	properNoun	nor
Port Vila	properNoun	swe	Port Vila	properNoun	nor
Port of Spain	properNoun	swe	Port of Spain	properNoun	nor
Porta Angelica	properNoun	swe	Porta Angelica	properNoun	nor
Porta Westfalica	properNoun	swe	Porta Westfalica	properNoun	nor
Portal Mountain	properNoun	swe	Portal Mountain	properNoun	nor
Portal Point	properNoun	swe	Portal Point	properNoun	nor
Portal Rock	properNoun	swe	Portal Rock	properNoun	nor
Porte Dauphine	properNoun	swe	Porte Dauphine	properNoun	nor
Porten	properNoun	swe	Porten	properNoun	nor
Porteus	properNoun	swe	Porteus	properNoun	nor
Porthos Range	properNoun	swe	Porthos Range	properNoun	nor
Portici	properNoun	swe	Portici	properNoun	nor
Portimão	properNoun	swe	Portimão	properNoun	nor
Portlaoise	properNoun	swe	Portlaoise	properNoun	nor
Porto Alegre	properNoun	swe	Porto Alegre	properNoun	nor
Porto Santo	properNoun	swe	Porto Santo	properNoun	nor
Porto de Pedras	properNoun	swe	Porto de Pedras	properNoun	nor
Portobelo	properNoun	swe	Portobelo	properNoun	nor
Portogruaro	properNoun	swe	Portogruaro	properNoun	nor
Portorož	properNoun	swe	Portorož	properNoun	nor
Portuguesa	properNoun	swe	Portuguesa	properNoun	nor
Porza	properNoun	swe	Porza	properNoun	nor
Poschiavino	properNoun	swe	Poschiavino	properNoun	nor
Poschiavo	properNoun	swe	Poschiavo	properNoun	nor
Poseidon Pass	properNoun	swe	Poseidon Pass	properNoun	nor
Posey Range	properNoun	swe	Posey Range	properNoun	nor
Poslätten	properNoun	swe	Posletta	properNoun	nor
Poslätten	properNoun	swe	Posletten	properNoun	nor
Possession Rocks	properNoun	swe	Possession Rocks	properNoun	nor
Poste	properNoun	swe	Poste	properNoun	nor
Postel Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Postel Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Postenan	properNoun	swe	Postenan	properNoun	nor
Postern Gap	properNoun	swe	Postern Gap	properNoun	nor
Postillion Rock	properNoun	swe	Postillion Rock	properNoun	nor
Potenza	properNoun	swe	Potenza	properNoun	nor
Potjep	properNoun	swe	Potsjep	properNoun	nor
Potmess Rocks	properNoun	swe	Potmess Rocks	properNoun	nor
Potočari	properNoun	swe	Potočari	properNoun	nor
Pottenstein	properNoun	swe	Pottenstein	properNoun	nor
Potter Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Potter Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Potter Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Potter Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Potters Bar	properNoun	swe	Potters Bar	properNoun	nor
Pottinger Point	properNoun	swe	Pottinger Point	properNoun	nor
Potton	properNoun	swe	Potton	properNoun	nor
Pourquoi Pas Point	properNoun	swe	Pointe du Pourquoi-Pas?	properNoun	nor
Powell Channel	properNoun	swe	Powell Channel	properNoun	nor
Powys	properNoun	swe	Powys	properNoun	nor
Poyangsjön	properNoun	swe	Poyangsjøen	properNoun	nor
Poynter Col	properNoun	swe	Poynter Col	properNoun	nor
Poynter	properNoun	swe	Poynter	properNoun	nor
Požarevac	properNoun	swe	Požarevac	properNoun	nor
Požega	properNoun	swe	Požega	properNoun	nor
Poznań	properNoun	swe	Poznań	properNoun	nor
Pozuelo de Alarcón	properNoun	swe	Pozuelo de Alarcón	properNoun	nor
Pozzuoli	properNoun	swe	Pozzuoli	properNoun	nor
Prabé	properNoun	swe	Prabé	properNoun	nor
Prades	properNoun	swe	Prades	properNoun	nor
Praděd	properNoun	swe	Praděd	properNoun	nor
Prahl Crags	properNoun	swe	Prahl Crags	properNoun	nor
Prahova	properNoun	swe	Prahova	properNoun	nor
Praia	properNoun	swe	Praia	properNoun	nor
Pram Point	properNoun	swe	Pram Point	properNoun	nor
Prato	properNoun	swe	Prato	properNoun	nor
Pratteln	properNoun	swe	Pratteln	properNoun	nor
Pratval	properNoun	swe	Pratval	properNoun	nor
Predel Point	properNoun	swe	Predel Point	properNoun	nor
Pregel	properNoun	swe	Pregolja	properNoun	nor
Prehn Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Prehn Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Preikestolen	properNoun	swe	Preikestolen	properNoun	nor
Prentice Plateau	properNoun	swe	Prentice Plateau	properNoun	nor
Preonzo	properNoun	swe	Preonzo	properNoun	nor
President Beaches	properNoun	swe	President Beaches	properNoun	nor
President Head	properNoun	swe	President Head	properNoun	nor
Presinge	properNoun	swe	Presinge	properNoun	nor
Prešov	properNoun	swe	Prešov	properNoun	nor
Prespasjön	properNoun	swe	Prespasjøen	properNoun	nor
Prestegårdshagen	properNoun	swe	Prestegardshagan	properNoun	nor
Prestegårdshagen	properNoun	swe	Prestegårdshagen	properNoun	nor
Prestrud	properNoun	swe	Prestrud	properNoun	nor
Prestwick	properNoun	swe	Prestwick	properNoun	nor
Preuschoffrücken	properNoun	swe	Preuschoffryggen	properNoun	nor
Preußisch Oldendorf	properNoun	swe	Preußisch Oldendorf	properNoun	nor
Preveza	properNoun	swe	Preveza	properNoun	nor
Preveza	properNoun	swe	Préveza	properNoun	nor
Price Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Price Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Prickly Ridge	properNoun	swe	Prickly Ridge	properNoun	nor
Prievidza	properNoun	swe	Prievidza	properNoun	nor
Prignitz	properNoun	swe	Prignitz	properNoun	nor
Prilep	properNoun	swe	Prilep	properNoun	nor
Primavera	properNoun	swe	Primavera	properNoun	nor
Prime Head	properNoun	swe	Prime Head	properNoun	nor
Prims	properNoun	swe	Prims	properNoun	nor
Prince Albert Mountains	properNoun	swe	Prince Albert Mountains	properNoun	nor
Prince Gustav Channel	properNoun	swe	Prince Gustav Channel	properNoun	nor
Princes Risborough	properNoun	swe	Princes Risborough	properNoun	nor
Princess Elizabeth Land	properNoun	swe	Princess Elizabeth Land	properNoun	nor
Princeton Tarn	properNoun	swe	Princeton Tarn	properNoun	nor
Princeton University	properNoun	swe	Princeton University	properNoun	nor
Princeton	properNoun	swe	Princeton	properNoun	nor
Principal Point	properNoun	swe	Principal Point	properNoun	nor
Prineville	properNoun	swe	Prineville	properNoun	nor
Prins Edwardöarna	properNoun	swe	Prince Edwardøyane	properNoun	nor
Prins Edwardöarna	properNoun	swe	Prince Edwardøyene	properNoun	nor
Prins Harald Kyst	properNoun	swe	Prins Harald Kyst	properNoun	nor
Prins Karls Forland	properNoun	swe	Prins Karls Forland	properNoun	nor
Prinsengracht	properNoun	swe	Prinsengracht	properNoun	nor
Prinsesse Astrid Kyst	properNoun	swe	Prinsesse Astrid Kyst	properNoun	nor
Prinsesse Ragnhild Kyst	properNoun	swe	Prinsesse Ragnhild Kyst	properNoun	nor
Prinzhöfte	properNoun	swe	Prinzhöfte	properNoun	nor
Pripjat	properNoun	swe	Pripjat	properNoun	nor
Pripjat	properNoun	swe	Prypjat	properNoun	nor
Priscu Valley	properNoun	swe	Priscu Valley	properNoun	nor
Prism Ridge	properNoun	swe	Prism Ridge	properNoun	nor
Pristina	properNoun	swe	Priština	properNoun	nor
Privas	properNoun	swe	Privas	properNoun	nor
Probe Ridge	properNoun	swe	Probe Ridge	properNoun	nor
Prochladnyj	properNoun	swe	Prokhladnyj	properNoun	nor
Progress	properNoun	swe	Progress	properNoun	nor
Prokletije	properNoun	swe	De fordømte fjellene	properNoun	nor
Prokletije	properNoun	swe	Prokletije	properNoun	nor
Prokopjevsk	properNoun	swe	Prokopjevsk	properNoun	nor
Prometheus	properNoun	swe	Prometheus	properNoun	nor
Prospect Mesa	properNoun	swe	Prospect Mesa	properNoun	nor
Prospect	properNoun	swe	Prospect	properNoun	nor
Protector Heights	properNoun	swe	Protector Heights	properNoun	nor
Provender	properNoun	swe	Provender	properNoun	nor
Provins	properNoun	swe	Provins	properNoun	nor
Prudhoe	properNoun	swe	Prudhoe	properNoun	nor
Pryluky	properNoun	swe	Pryluky	properNoun	nor
Prypjat	properNoun	swe	Pripjat	properNoun	nor
Prypjat	properNoun	swe	Prypjat	properNoun	nor
Przesieczany	properNoun	swe	Przesieczany	properNoun	nor
Przybiernów	properNoun	swe	Przybiernów	properNoun	nor
Przywitowski	properNoun	swe	Przywitowski	properNoun	nor
Präg	properNoun	swe	Präg	properNoun	nor
Prättigau	properNoun	swe	Prättigau	properNoun	nor
Prévondavaux	properNoun	swe	Prévondavaux	properNoun	nor
Prévonloup	properNoun	swe	Prévonloup	properNoun	nor
Prêles	properNoun	swe	Prêles	properNoun	nor
Psara	properNoun	swe	Psará	properNoun	nor
Psel	properNoun	swe	Psel	properNoun	nor
Psiloritis	properNoun	swe	Psilorítis	properNoun	nor
Pskov oblast	properNoun	swe	Pskov oblast	properNoun	nor
Psou	properNoun	swe	Psou	properNoun	nor
Ptolemaida	properNoun	swe	Ptolemaída	properNoun	nor
Pucallpa	properNoun	swe	Pucallpa	properNoun	nor
Pudding Butte	properNoun	swe	Pudding Butte	properNoun	nor
Pudong	properNoun	swe	Pudong	properNoun	nor
Pudozj	properNoun	swe	Pudozj	properNoun	nor
Pudsey	properNoun	swe	Pudsey	properNoun	nor
Puebla	properNoun	swe	Puebla	properNoun	nor
Puente de las Américas	properNoun	swe	Puente de las Américas	properNoun	nor
Puerto Maldonado	properNoun	swe	Puerto Maldonado	properNoun	nor
Puerto Natales	properNoun	swe	Puerto Natales	properNoun	nor
Puerto Rico	properNoun	swe	Puerto Rico	properNoun	nor
Puerto Williams	properNoun	swe	Puerto Williams	properNoun	nor
Puhl	properNoun	swe	Puhl	properNoun	nor
Pukaki	properNoun	swe	Pukaki	properNoun	nor
Puke Toropa Mountain	properNoun	swe	Puke Toropa Mountain	properNoun	nor
Pulheim	properNoun	swe	Pulheim	properNoun	nor
Pullach im Isartal	properNoun	swe	Pullach im Isartal	properNoun	nor
Pullinki	properNoun	swe	Pullinki	properNoun	nor
Pumpehuset	properNoun	swe	Pumpehuset	properNoun	nor
Puncak Jaya	properNoun	swe	Puncak Jaya	properNoun	nor
Punjab	properNoun	swe	Panjab i India	properNoun	nor
Punkaharju	properNoun	swe	Punkaharju	properNoun	nor
Puno	properNoun	swe	Puno	properNoun	nor
Punta Arenas	properNoun	swe	Punta Arenas	properNoun	nor
Punta Pioda	properNoun	swe	Punta Pioda	properNoun	nor
Punta Valgrande	properNoun	swe	Punta Valgrande	properNoun	nor
Punta de Tarifa	properNoun	swe	Punta de Tarifa	properNoun	nor
Puntone dei Fracion	properNoun	swe	Puntone dei Fraciòn	properNoun	nor
Pup Rock	properNoun	swe	Pup Rock	properNoun	nor
Puplinge	properNoun	swe	Puplinge	properNoun	nor
Pura	properNoun	swe	Pura	properNoun	nor
Puri	properNoun	swe	Puri	properNoun	nor
Purmerend	properNoun	swe	Purmerend	properNoun	nor
Pusan	properNoun	swe	Busan	properNoun	nor
Pusan	properNoun	swe	Pusan	properNoun	nor
Pusey	properNoun	swe	Pusey	properNoun	nor
Pusjkin	properNoun	swe	Pusjkin	properNoun	nor
Pusjkino	properNoun	swe	Pusjkino	properNoun	nor
Putian	properNoun	swe	Putian	properNoun	nor
Putoranabergen	properNoun	swe	Putoranfjellene	properNoun	nor
Putoranabergen	properNoun	swe	Putoranplatået	properNoun	nor
Putrajaya	properNoun	swe	Putrajaya	properNoun	nor
Putumayo	properNoun	swe	Putumayo	properNoun	nor
Puula	properNoun	swe	Puula	properNoun	nor
Puyang	properNoun	swe	Puyang	properNoun	nor
Py Point	properNoun	swe	Py Point	properNoun	nor
Pydna	properNoun	swe	Pydna	properNoun	nor
Pydna	properNoun	swe	Pýdna	properNoun	nor
Pyinmana	properNoun	swe	Pyinmana	properNoun	nor
Pylon Point	properNoun	swe	Pylon Point	properNoun	nor
Pylos	properNoun	swe	Pylos	properNoun	nor
Pylos	properNoun	swe	Pýlos	properNoun	nor
Pyramid Trough	properNoun	swe	Pyramid Trough	properNoun	nor
Pyramiden	properNoun	swe	Pyramiden	properNoun	nor
Pyramides	properNoun	swe	Pyramides	properNoun	nor
Pyreneiska halvön	properNoun	swe	Den iberiske halvøy	properNoun	nor
Pyreneiska halvön	properNoun	swe	Den iberiske halvøya	properNoun	nor
Pyrenéerna	properNoun	swe	Pyreneane	properNoun	nor
Pyrenéerna	properNoun	swe	Pyreneene	properNoun	nor
Pyroxenite Promontory	properNoun	swe	Pyroxenite Promontory	properNoun	nor
Pysen	properNoun	swe	Pysen	properNoun	nor
Pytalovo	properNoun	swe	Pytalovo	properNoun	nor
Pythagorio	properNoun	swe	Pythagório	properNoun	nor
Pyttis	properNoun	swe	Pyttis	properNoun	nor
Pyxis Ridge	properNoun	swe	Pyxis Ridge	properNoun	nor
Päijänne	properNoun	swe	Päijänne	properNoun	nor
Pärlfloden	properNoun	swe	Perlefloda	properNoun	nor
Pärlfloden	properNoun	swe	Perlefloden	properNoun	nor
Pärnu län	properNoun	swe	Pärnu maakond	properNoun	nor
Pärnu län	properNoun	swe	Pärnu	properNoun	nor
Pärnu	properNoun	swe	Pärnu	properNoun	nor
Påarp	properNoun	swe	Påarp	properNoun	nor
Pålsboda	properNoun	swe	Pålsboda	properNoun	nor
Påläng	properNoun	swe	Påläng	properNoun	nor
Pårte	properNoun	swe	Pårte	properNoun	nor
Påryd	properNoun	swe	Påryd	properNoun	nor
Påskallavik	properNoun	swe	Påskallavik	properNoun	nor
Påskön	properNoun	swe	Påskeøya	properNoun	nor
Pécs	properNoun	swe	Pécs	properNoun	nor
Pénaud	properNoun	swe	Pénaud	properNoun	nor
Périers	properNoun	swe	Périers	properNoun	nor
Péronne	properNoun	swe	Péronne	properNoun	nor
Péry	properNoun	swe	Péry	properNoun	nor
Pétrusse	properNoun	swe	Pétrusse	properNoun	nor
Põltsamaa	properNoun	swe	Põltsamaa	properNoun	nor
Põlva län	properNoun	swe	Põlva maakond	properNoun	nor
Põlva län	properNoun	swe	Põlva	properNoun	nor
Põlva	properNoun	swe	Põlva	properNoun	nor
Püssi	properNoun	swe	Püssi	properNoun	nor
Pădureni	properNoun	swe	Pădureni	properNoun	nor
Płock	properNoun	swe	Płock	properNoun	nor
Qalat	properNoun	swe	Kalat	properNoun	nor
Qalqilya	properNoun	swe	Qalqilya	properNoun	nor
Qanawat	properNoun	swe	Qanawat	properNoun	nor
Qaraghandy	properNoun	swe	Karaganda	properNoun	nor
Qatana	properNoun	swe	Qatana	properNoun	nor
Qeqertarsuaq	properNoun	swe	Qeqertarsuaq	properNoun	nor
Qi	properNoun	swe	Qi	properNoun	nor
Qiandongnan	properNoun	swe	Qiandongnan	properNoun	nor
Qianjiang	properNoun	swe	Qianjiang	properNoun	nor
Qiannan	properNoun	swe	Qiannan Buyei Miao	properNoun	nor
Qiannan	properNoun	swe	Qiannan	properNoun	nor
Qianxinan	properNoun	swe	Qianxinan	properNoun	nor
Qibla	properNoun	swe	Qibla	properNoun	nor
Qingdao	properNoun	swe	Qingdao	properNoun	nor
Qinghai	properNoun	swe	Qinghai	properNoun	nor
Qinghaisjön	properNoun	swe	Qinghaisjøen	properNoun	nor
Qingyang	properNoun	swe	Qingyang	properNoun	nor
Qinhuangdao	properNoun	swe	Qinhuangdao	properNoun	nor
Qinzhou	properNoun	swe	Qinzhou	properNoun	nor
Qiqihar	properNoun	swe	Qiqihar	properNoun	nor
Qitaihe	properNoun	swe	Qitaihe	properNoun	nor
Qiubei	properNoun	swe	Qiubei	properNoun	nor
Qormi	properNoun	swe	Qormi	properNoun	nor
Qornâyel	properNoun	swe	Qarnayel	properNoun	nor
Qostanaj	properNoun	swe	Kostanaj	properNoun	nor
Quackenbush	properNoun	swe	Quackenbush	properNoun	nor
Quam Heights	properNoun	swe	Quam Heights	properNoun	nor
Quandary	properNoun	swe	Quandary	properNoun	nor
Quang Binh	properNoun	swe	Quang Binh	properNoun	nor
Quanzhou	properNoun	swe	Quanzhou	properNoun	nor
Quarrata	properNoun	swe	Quarrata	properNoun	nor
Quartermain Point	properNoun	swe	Quartermain Point	properNoun	nor
Quartz Hills	properNoun	swe	Quartz Hills	properNoun	nor
Quaver Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Quaver Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Quedlinburg	properNoun	swe	Quedlinburg	properNoun	nor
Queen Alexandra Range	properNoun	swe	Queen Alexandra Range	properNoun	nor
Queen Elizabeth Range	properNoun	swe	Queen Elizabeth Range	properNoun	nor
Queen Mary Land	properNoun	swe	Queen Mary Land	properNoun	nor
Queen Maud Mountains	properNoun	swe	Dronning Maudfjella	properNoun	nor
Queen Maud Mountains	properNoun	swe	Dronning Mauds Fjell	properNoun	nor
Queens	properNoun	swe	Queens	properNoun	nor
Queer Mountain	properNoun	swe	Queer Mountain	properNoun	nor
Quelle	properNoun	swe	Quelle	properNoun	nor
Queluz	properNoun	swe	Queluz	properNoun	nor
Querfurt	properNoun	swe	Querfurt	properNoun	nor
Querétaro	properNoun	swe	Querétaro	properNoun	nor
Quest Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Quest Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Questenberg	properNoun	swe	Questenberg	properNoun	nor
Qufu	properNoun	swe	Qufu	properNoun	nor
Quierschied	properNoun	swe	Quierschied	properNoun	nor
Quillota	properNoun	swe	Quillota	properNoun	nor
Quilp Rock	properNoun	swe	Quilp Rock	properNoun	nor
Quilty Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Quilty Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Quinault Pass	properNoun	swe	Quinault Pass	properNoun	nor
Quindío	properNoun	swe	Quindío	properNoun	nor
Quinn Gully	properNoun	swe	Quinn Gully	properNoun	nor
Quintana Roo	properNoun	swe	Quintana Roo	properNoun	nor
Quintanilla de Onsoña	properNoun	swe	Quintanilla de Onsoña	properNoun	nor
Quinton Point	properNoun	swe	Quinton Point	properNoun	nor
Quirrenbach	properNoun	swe	Quirrenbach	properNoun	nor
Qujing	properNoun	swe	Qujing	properNoun	nor
Quzhou	properNoun	swe	Quzhou	properNoun	nor
Québec	properNoun	swe	Quebec	properNoun	nor
Québec	properNoun	swe	Québec	properNoun	nor
Québec	properNoun	swe	Québec	properNoun	nor
Qyzylorda	properNoun	swe	Kyzylorda	properNoun	nor
R4D Nunatak	properNoun	swe	R4D Nunatak	properNoun	nor
RMS Empress of Ireland	properNoun	swe	RMS «Empress of Ireland»	properNoun	nor
RMS Titanic	properNoun	swe	RMS «Titanic»	properNoun	nor
Raasiku kommun	properNoun	swe	Raasiku kommune	properNoun	nor
Raasiku kommun	properNoun	swe	Raasiku vald	properNoun	nor
Raba Wyżna	properNoun	swe	Raba Wyżna	properNoun	nor
Rába	properNoun	swe	Rába	properNoun	nor
Rabat	properNoun	swe	Rabat	properNoun	nor
Rabba	properNoun	swe	Rabba	properNoun	nor
Rabbalshede	properNoun	swe	Rabbalshede	properNoun	nor
Rabel	properNoun	swe	Rabel	properNoun	nor
Rabenstein an der Pielach	properNoun	swe	Rabenstein an der Pielach	properNoun	nor
Rachiv	properNoun	swe	Rakhiv	properNoun	nor
Racibórz	properNoun	swe	Racibórz	properNoun	nor
Racine Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Racine Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Racken	properNoun	swe	Racken	properNoun	nor
Radbruch	properNoun	swe	Radbruch	properNoun	nor
Radelfingen	properNoun	swe	Radelfingen	properNoun	nor
Radev Point	properNoun	swe	Radev Point	properNoun	nor
Radevormwald	properNoun	swe	Radevormwald	properNoun	nor
Radigan Point	properNoun	swe	Radigan Point	properNoun	nor
Radio24syv	properNoun	swe	Radio24syv	properNoun	nor
Radio City Music Hall	properNoun	swe	Radio City Music Hall	properNoun	nor
Radio Studio 54 Network	properNoun	swe	Radio Studio 54 Network	properNoun	nor
Radiostationen i Grimeton	properNoun	swe	Grimeton kringkastar	properNoun	nor
Radko Knoll	properNoun	swe	Radko Knoll	properNoun	nor
Radlefshorn	properNoun	swe	Radlefshorn	properNoun	nor
Radnejaure	properNoun	swe	Radnejaure	properNoun	nor
Radok Lake	properNoun	swe	Radok Lake	properNoun	nor
Radolfzell am Bodensee	properNoun	swe	Radolfzell am Bodensee	properNoun	nor
Radolfzeller Aach	properNoun	swe	Radolfzeller Aach	properNoun	nor
Radom	properNoun	swe	Radom	properNoun	nor
Radoviš	properNoun	swe	Radovisj	properNoun	nor
Radspinner	properNoun	swe	Radspinner	properNoun	nor
Radstadt	properNoun	swe	Radstadt	properNoun	nor
Raesfeld	properNoun	swe	Raesfeld	properNoun	nor
Rafah	properNoun	swe	Rafah	properNoun	nor
Rafsbotn	properNoun	swe	Rafsbotn	properNoun	nor
Rafsbotns kapell	properNoun	swe	Rafsbotn kapell	properNoun	nor
Raftsundet	properNoun	swe	Raftsundet	properNoun	nor
Raggatt Mountains	properNoun	swe	Raggatt Mountains	properNoun	nor
Ragnhildsholmen	properNoun	swe	Ragnhildsholmen	properNoun	nor
Rago nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Rago nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Ragunda kommun	properNoun	swe	Ragunda kommune	properNoun	nor
Ragundasjön	properNoun	swe	Ragundasjön	properNoun	nor
Ragusa	properNoun	swe	Ragusa	properNoun	nor
Rahden	properNoun	swe	Rahden	properNoun	nor
Rahe	properNoun	swe	Rahe	properNoun	nor
Rahir	properNoun	swe	Rahir	properNoun	nor
Rahm	properNoun	swe	Rahm	properNoun	nor
Raiding	properNoun	swe	Raiding	properNoun	nor
Rainerhorn	properNoun	swe	Rainerhorn	properNoun	nor
Rajasthan	properNoun	swe	Rajasthan	properNoun	nor
Rajya Sabha	properNoun	swe	Rajya Sabha	properNoun	nor
Rakovski Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Rakovski Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Raksta	properNoun	swe	Raksta	properNoun	nor
Rakusa Point	properNoun	swe	Rakusa Point	properNoun	nor
Rakvere	properNoun	swe	Rakvere	properNoun	nor
Ramage Point	properNoun	swe	Ramage Point	properNoun	nor
Ramallah	properNoun	swe	Ramallah	properNoun	nor
Ramat Gan	properNoun	swe	Ramat Gan	properNoun	nor
Ramat HaSharon	properNoun	swe	Ramat HaSharon	properNoun	nor
Ramberget	properNoun	swe	Ramberget	properNoun	nor
Rambo Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Rambo Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Rambouillet	properNoun	swe	Rambouillet	properNoun	nor
Ramenskoje	properNoun	swe	Ramenskoje	properNoun	nor
Ramle	properNoun	swe	Ramla	properNoun	nor
Ramlinsburg	properNoun	swe	Ramlinsburg	properNoun	nor
Rammelsberg	properNoun	swe	Rammelsberg	properNoun	nor
Rammelsberg	properNoun	swe	Rammelsberg	properNoun	nor
Rammelsberg	properNoun	swe	Rammelsberggruvene	properNoun	nor
Ramnäs	properNoun	swe	Ramnäs	properNoun	nor
Ramolkogel	properNoun	swe	Ramolkogel	properNoun	nor
Ramosch	properNoun	swe	Ramosch	properNoun	nor
Rampart Terrace	properNoun	swe	Rampart Terrace	properNoun	nor
Ramsan	properNoun	swe	Ramsan	properNoun	nor
Ramsar	properNoun	swe	Ramsar	properNoun	nor
Ramsau am Dachstein	properNoun	swe	Ramsau am Dachstein	properNoun	nor
Ramsberg	properNoun	swe	Ramsberg	properNoun	nor
Ramsele	properNoun	swe	Ramsele	properNoun	nor
Ramsjön	properNoun	swe	Ramsjön	properNoun	nor
Ramstalund	properNoun	swe	Ramstalund	properNoun	nor
Ramstedt	properNoun	swe	Ramstedt	properNoun	nor
Ramstein Air Base	properNoun	swe	Ramstein Air Base	properNoun	nor
Ramsøyfjorden	properNoun	swe	Ramsøyfjorden	properNoun	nor
Ramvik	properNoun	swe	Ramvik	properNoun	nor
Randers	properNoun	swe	Randers	properNoun	nor
Randolph	properNoun	swe	Randolph	properNoun	nor
Random Hills	properNoun	swe	Random Hills	properNoun	nor
Ranelva	properNoun	swe	Ranelva	properNoun	nor
Ranfjord	properNoun	swe	Ranfjorden	properNoun	nor
Ranfurly Point	properNoun	swe	Ranfurly Point	properNoun	nor
Rangoon	properNoun	swe	Yangon	properNoun	nor
Rangoon	properNoun	swe	Yangôn	properNoun	nor
Rangpur	properNoun	swe	Rangpur	properNoun	nor
Rangsdorf	properNoun	swe	Rangsdorf	properNoun	nor
Rankine Rock	properNoun	swe	Rankine Rock	properNoun	nor
Ranna	properNoun	swe	Ranna	properNoun	nor
Ranney Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Ranney Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Rano Raraku	properNoun	swe	Rano Raraku	properNoun	nor
Ransta	properNoun	swe	Ransta	properNoun	nor
Ransäter	properNoun	swe	Ransäter	properNoun	nor
Rantrum	properNoun	swe	Rantrum	properNoun	nor
Rantum	properNoun	swe	Rantum	properNoun	nor
Rantzau	properNoun	swe	Rantzau	properNoun	nor
Rapadalen	properNoun	swe	Rapadalen	properNoun	nor
Rapallo	properNoun	swe	Rapallo	properNoun	nor
Rapaätno	properNoun	swe	Rapaälven	properNoun	nor
Rapla län	properNoun	swe	Rapla maakond	properNoun	nor
Rapla län	properNoun	swe	Rapla	properNoun	nor
Rapla	properNoun	swe	Rapla	properNoun	nor
Rapperswil	properNoun	swe	Rapperswil	properNoun	nor
Rappestad	properNoun	swe	Rappestad	properNoun	nor
Raquelia Rocks	properNoun	swe	Raquelia Rocks	properNoun	nor
Rare Range	properNoun	swe	Rare Range	properNoun	nor
Rasolyckan i Loen	properNoun	swe	Rasulukka i Loen	properNoun	nor
Rastede	properNoun	swe	Rastede	properNoun	nor
Rásttigáisá	properNoun	swe	Rásttigáisá	properNoun	nor
Ratekau	properNoun	swe	Ratekau	properNoun	nor
Rath	properNoun	swe	Rath	properNoun	nor
Rathbone Hills	properNoun	swe	Rathbone Hills	properNoun	nor
Rathenow	properNoun	swe	Rathenow	properNoun	nor
Rathlin	properNoun	swe	Rathlin	properNoun	nor
Ratibořice	properNoun	swe	Ratibořice	properNoun	nor
Ratingen	properNoun	swe	Ratingen	properNoun	nor
Ratliff	properNoun	swe	Ratliff	properNoun	nor
Ratzeburg	properNoun	swe	Ratzeburg	properNoun	nor
Ratzeburger See	properNoun	swe	Ratzeburger See	properNoun	nor
Rauflihorn	properNoun	swe	Rauflihorn	properNoun	nor
Raumo	properNoun	swe	Raumo	properNoun	nor
Raunds	properNoun	swe	Raunds	properNoun	nor
Raunefjorden	properNoun	swe	Raunefjorden	properNoun	nor
Rautas älv	properNoun	swe	Rautasälven	properNoun	nor
Rautasjaure	properNoun	swe	Rautasjaure	properNoun	nor
Rautio Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Rautio Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Rautispitz	properNoun	swe	Rautispitz	properNoun	nor
Ravenna	properNoun	swe	Ravenna	properNoun	nor
Ravens Mountains	properNoun	swe	Ravens Mountains	properNoun	nor
Ravensbrück	properNoun	swe	Ravensbrück	properNoun	nor
Ravenstein	properNoun	swe	Ravenstein	properNoun	nor
Rawabi	properNoun	swe	Rawabi	properNoun	nor
Rawalpindi	properNoun	swe	Rawalpindi	properNoun	nor
Rawson Plateau	properNoun	swe	Rawson Plateau	properNoun	nor
Rax	properNoun	swe	Rax	properNoun	nor
Ray Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Ray Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Ray Promontory	properNoun	swe	Ray Promontory	properNoun	nor
Rayak	properNoun	swe	Riyaq	properNoun	nor
Raymond Ice Ridge	properNoun	swe	Raymond Ice Ridge	properNoun	nor
Razdolnaja	properNoun	swe	Razdolnaja	properNoun	nor
Re	properNoun	swe	Re	properNoun	nor
Rea Rocks	properNoun	swe	Rea Rocks	properNoun	nor
Read Mountains	properNoun	swe	Read Mountains	properNoun	nor
Realdania	properNoun	swe	Realdania	properNoun	nor
Realp	properNoun	swe	Realp	properNoun	nor
Rebeuvelier	properNoun	swe	Rebeuvelier	properNoun	nor
Rebholz Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Rebholz Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Rebilds kommun	properNoun	swe	Rebild kommune	properNoun	nor
Rebrovo Point	properNoun	swe	Rebrovo Point	properNoun	nor
Rebévelier	properNoun	swe	Rebévelier	properNoun	nor
Recanati	properNoun	swe	Recanati	properNoun	nor
Recess Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Recess Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Recherswil	properNoun	swe	Recherswil	properNoun	nor
Rechthalten	properNoun	swe	Rechthalten	properNoun	nor
Recke	properNoun	swe	Recke	properNoun	nor
Reckling Moraine	properNoun	swe	Reckling Moraine	properNoun	nor
Recknitz	properNoun	swe	Recknitz	properNoun	nor
Reclus Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Reclus Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Recluse Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Recluse Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Reconvilier	properNoun	swe	Reconvilier	properNoun	nor
Red Bull Racing	properNoun	swe	Red Bull Racing	properNoun	nor
Red Hook	properNoun	swe	Red Hook	properNoun	nor
Redcar	properNoun	swe	Redcar	properNoun	nor
Redcastle Ridge	properNoun	swe	Redcastle Ridge	properNoun	nor
Redcliff Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Redcliff Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Reddick Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Reddick Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Redditch	properNoun	swe	Redditch	properNoun	nor
Redon	properNoun	swe	Redon	properNoun	nor
Redondela	properNoun	swe	Redondela	properNoun	nor
Redruth	properNoun	swe	Redruth	properNoun	nor
Redshaw Point	properNoun	swe	Redshaw Point	properNoun	nor
Reece Pass	properNoun	swe	Reece Pass	properNoun	nor
Reece	properNoun	swe	Reece	properNoun	nor
Reecedalen	properNoun	swe	Reecedalen	properNoun	nor
Reed College	properNoun	swe	Reed College	properNoun	nor
Reed Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Reed Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Reefton	properNoun	swe	Reefton	properNoun	nor
Rees	properNoun	swe	Rees	properNoun	nor
Rees	properNoun	swe	Ress	properNoun	nor
Reeti	properNoun	swe	Reeti	properNoun	nor
Reetz	properNoun	swe	Reetz	properNoun	nor
Reeves Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Reeves Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Reeves Plateau	properNoun	swe	Reeves Plateau	properNoun	nor
Reeßum	properNoun	swe	Reeßum	properNoun	nor
Reftele	properNoun	swe	Reftele	properNoun	nor
Rega	properNoun	swe	Rega	properNoun	nor
Regensburg	properNoun	swe	Regensburg	properNoun	nor
Regent Reef	properNoun	swe	Regent Reef	properNoun	nor
Reggio Calabria	properNoun	swe	Reggio Calabria	properNoun	nor
Reggio Emilia	properNoun	swe	Reggio Emilia	properNoun	nor
Reggio di Calabria	properNoun	swe	Reggio di Calabria	properNoun	nor
Region Hovedstaden	properNoun	swe	Region Hovedstaden	properNoun	nor
Region Mittjylland	properNoun	swe	Region Midtjylland	properNoun	nor
Region Nordjylland	properNoun	swe	Region Nordjylland	properNoun	nor
Region Själland	properNoun	swe	Region Sjælland	properNoun	nor
Region Syddanmark	properNoun	swe	Region Syddanmark	properNoun	nor
Regionalverband Ruhr	properNoun	swe	Regionalverband Ruhr	properNoun	nor
Regjeringskvartalet	properNoun	swe	Regjeringskvartalet	properNoun	nor
Regnitz	properNoun	swe	Regnitz	properNoun	nor
Rehau	properNoun	swe	Rehau	properNoun	nor
Rehburg	properNoun	swe	Rehburg	properNoun	nor
Reher	properNoun	swe	Reher	properNoun	nor
Rehetobel	properNoun	swe	Rehetobel	properNoun	nor
Rehm	properNoun	swe	Rehm	properNoun	nor
Rehme	properNoun	swe	Rehme	properNoun	nor
Reichelderfer	properNoun	swe	Reichelderfer	properNoun	nor
Reichenbach im Kandertal	properNoun	swe	Reichenbach im Kandertal	properNoun	nor
Reichenbachfallen	properNoun	swe	Reichenbachfall	properNoun	nor
Reichenbachfallen	properNoun	swe	Reichenbachfossen	properNoun	nor
Reichle Mesa	properNoun	swe	Reichle Mesa	properNoun	nor
Reichshof	properNoun	swe	Reichshof	properNoun	nor
Reichsministerium für Volksaufklärung und Propaganda	properNoun	swe	Reichsministerium für Volksaufklärung und Propaganda	properNoun	nor
Reigate	properNoun	swe	Reigate	properNoun	nor
Reigoldswil	properNoun	swe	Reigoldswil	properNoun	nor
Reilly Rocks	properNoun	swe	Reilly Rocks	properNoun	nor
Reimersholme	properNoun	swe	Reimersholme	properNoun	nor
Reinach	properNoun	swe	Reinach	properNoun	nor
Reinbek	properNoun	swe	Reinbek	properNoun	nor
Reinbolt Hills	properNoun	swe	Reinbolt Hills	properNoun	nor
Reinheimen nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Reinheimen nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Reinshagen	properNoun	swe	Reinshagen	properNoun	nor
Reipå	properNoun	swe	Reipå	properNoun	nor
Reisa nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Reisa nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Reisdorf	properNoun	swe	Reisdorf	properNoun	nor
Reisiswil	properNoun	swe	Reisiswil	properNoun	nor
Reist Rocks	properNoun	swe	Reist Rocks	properNoun	nor
Reitnau	properNoun	swe	Reitnau	properNoun	nor
Rejmyre	properNoun	swe	Rejmyre	properNoun	nor
Rejsby	properNoun	swe	Rejsby	properNoun	nor
Rekingen	properNoun	swe	Rekingen	properNoun	nor
Relay Hills	properNoun	swe	Relay Hills	properNoun	nor
Relict Lake	properNoun	swe	Relict Lake	properNoun	nor
Relief Pass	properNoun	swe	Relief Pass	properNoun	nor
Remagen	properNoun	swe	Remagen	properNoun	nor
Remaufens	properNoun	swe	Remaufens	properNoun	nor
Remberg	properNoun	swe	Remberg	properNoun	nor
Remels	properNoun	swe	Remels	properNoun	nor
Remetalk Point	properNoun	swe	Remetalk Point	properNoun	nor
Remetschwil	properNoun	swe	Remetschwil	properNoun	nor
Remigen	properNoun	swe	Remigen	properNoun	nor
Rems	properNoun	swe	Rems	properNoun	nor
Remshalden	properNoun	swe	Remshalden	properNoun	nor
Renault F1	properNoun	swe	Renault F1	properNoun	nor
Rendezvous Rocks	properNoun	swe	Rendezvous Rocks	properNoun	nor
Rendu	properNoun	swe	Rendu	properNoun	nor
Renfrewshire	properNoun	swe	Renfrewshire	properNoun	nor
Rengsjö	properNoun	swe	Rengsjö	properNoun	nor
Renier Point	properNoun	swe	Renier Point	properNoun	nor
Renirie Rocks	properNoun	swe	Renirie Rocks	properNoun	nor
Renkum	properNoun	swe	Renkum	properNoun	nor
Rennaz	properNoun	swe	Rennaz	properNoun	nor
Renningen	properNoun	swe	Renningen	properNoun	nor
Renouard	properNoun	swe	Renouard	properNoun	nor
Rentfort	properNoun	swe	Rentfort	properNoun	nor
Rentjärn	properNoun	swe	Rentjärn	properNoun	nor
Repbäcken	properNoun	swe	Repbäcken	properNoun	nor
Reptile Ridge	properNoun	swe	Reptile Ridge	properNoun	nor
Republikanska partiet	properNoun	swe	Det republikanske partiet i USA	properNoun	nor
Republiken Förenade Nederländerna	properNoun	swe	De forente Nederlandene	properNoun	nor
Republiken Förenade Nederländerna	properNoun	swe	Dei sameinte Nederlanda	properNoun	nor
Republiken Genua	properNoun	swe	Republikken Genova	properNoun	nor
Republiken Venedig	properNoun	swe	Republikken Venezia	properNoun	nor
Resarö	properNoun	swe	Resarö	properNoun	nor
Rescue Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Rescue Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Rescue Point	properNoun	swe	Rescue Point	properNoun	nor
Resolution Subglacial Highlands	properNoun	swe	Resolution Subglacial Highlands	properNoun	nor
Ressac	properNoun	swe	Ressac	properNoun	nor
Retford	properNoun	swe	Retford	properNoun	nor
Rethel	properNoun	swe	Rethel	properNoun	nor
Rethval Point	properNoun	swe	Rethval Point	properNoun	nor
Rethymno	properNoun	swe	Rethymno	properNoun	nor
Rethymno	properNoun	swe	Réthymno	properNoun	nor
Retour	properNoun	swe	Retour	properNoun	nor
Retreat Hills	properNoun	swe	Retreat Hills	properNoun	nor
Reuilly	properNoun	swe	Reuilly	properNoun	nor
Reus	properNoun	swe	Reus	properNoun	nor
Reuschenberg	properNoun	swe	Reuschenberg	properNoun	nor
Reusrath	properNoun	swe	Reusrath	properNoun	nor
Reuss	properNoun	swe	Reuss	properNoun	nor
Reute	properNoun	swe	Reute	properNoun	nor
Reuther Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Reuther Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Reutigen	properNoun	swe	Reutigen	properNoun	nor
Reutlingen	properNoun	swe	Reutlingen	properNoun	nor
Revda	properNoun	swe	Revda	properNoun	nor
Revel	properNoun	swe	Revel	properNoun	nor
Revelstoke	properNoun	swe	Revelstoke	properNoun	nor
Reverolle	properNoun	swe	Reverolle	properNoun	nor
Revingeby	properNoun	swe	Revingeby	properNoun	nor
Revsnesøya	properNoun	swe	Revsnesøya	properNoun	nor
Revsundssjön	properNoun	swe	Revsundssjön	properNoun	nor
Reykjaviks flygplats	properNoun	swe	Reykjavík lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Reykjaviks flygplats	properNoun	swe	Reykjavík lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Reynolds Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Reynolds Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Reyðarfjörður	properNoun	swe	Reyðarfjörður	properNoun	nor
Rezen Knoll	properNoun	swe	Rezen Knoll	properNoun	nor
Rezen Saddle	properNoun	swe	Rezen Saddle	properNoun	nor
Rezj	properNoun	swe	Rezj	properNoun	nor
Rezovski Creek	properNoun	swe	Rezovski Creek	properNoun	nor
Reșița	properNoun	swe	Reşiţa	properNoun	nor
Reșița	properNoun	swe	Reșița	properNoun	nor
Rhade	properNoun	swe	Rhade	properNoun	nor
Rhauderfehn	properNoun	swe	Rhauderfehn	properNoun	nor
Rhea Corner	properNoun	swe	Rhea Corner	properNoun	nor
Rheasilvia	properNoun	swe	Rheasilvia	properNoun	nor
Rheda	properNoun	swe	Rheda	properNoun	nor
Rhede	properNoun	swe	Rhede	properNoun	nor
Rheder	properNoun	swe	Rheder	properNoun	nor
Rhee	properNoun	swe	Rhee	properNoun	nor
Rheidt	properNoun	swe	Rheidt	properNoun	nor
Rhein	properNoun	swe	Rhein	properNoun	nor
Rheinau	properNoun	swe	Rheinau	properNoun	nor
Rheinbach	properNoun	swe	Rheinbach	properNoun	nor
Rheinberg	properNoun	swe	Rheinberg	properNoun	nor
Rheindahlen	properNoun	swe	Rheindahlen	properNoun	nor
Rheindorf	properNoun	swe	Rheindorf	properNoun	nor
Rheine	properNoun	swe	Rheine	properNoun	nor
Rheinfelden	properNoun	swe	Rheinfelden	properNoun	nor
Rheinstetten	properNoun	swe	Rheinstetten	properNoun	nor
Rheinwald	properNoun	swe	Rheinwald	properNoun	nor
Rhen	properNoun	swe	Rhinen	properNoun	nor
Rheneia	properNoun	swe	Rínia	properNoun	nor
Rhenfallet	properNoun	swe	Rhinfallet	properNoun	nor
Rhenfallet	properNoun	swe	Rhinfossen	properNoun	nor
Rheydt	properNoun	swe	Rheydt	properNoun	nor
Rhino Rock	properNoun	swe	Rhino Rock	properNoun	nor
Rhiwbina	properNoun	swe	Rhiwbina	properNoun	nor
Rhodes Head	properNoun	swe	Rhodes Head	properNoun	nor
Rhodos	properNoun	swe	Rhodos	properNoun	nor
Rhodos	properNoun	swe	Ródos	properNoun	nor
Rhondda Cynon Taff	properNoun	swe	Rhondda Cynon Taf	properNoun	nor
Rhondda Cynon Taf	properNoun	swe	Rhondda Cynon Taf	properNoun	nor
Rhondda Cynon Taf	properNoun	swe	Rhondda Cynon Taff	properNoun	nor
Rhonestock	properNoun	swe	Rhonestock	properNoun	nor
Rhynern	properNoun	swe	Rhynern	properNoun	nor
Rhyolite Head	properNoun	swe	Rhyolite Head	properNoun	nor
Rhäzüns	properNoun	swe	Rhäzüns	properNoun	nor
Rhôneglaciären	properNoun	swe	Rhonebreen	properNoun	nor
Rhön	properNoun	swe	Rhön	properNoun	nor
Riala	properNoun	swe	Riala	properNoun	nor
Rialto Theatre	properNoun	swe	Rialto Theatre	properNoun	nor
Riaz	properNoun	swe	Riaz	properNoun	nor
Ribe amt	properNoun	swe	Ribe amt	properNoun	nor
Ribe	properNoun	swe	Ribe	properNoun	nor
Ribeauvillé	properNoun	swe	Ribeauvillé	properNoun	nor
Ribnica	properNoun	swe	Ribnica	properNoun	nor
Richards Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Richards Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Richardson Lakes	properNoun	swe	Richardson Lakes	properNoun	nor
Richardson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Richardson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Richey	properNoun	swe	Richey	properNoun	nor
Richfield	properNoun	swe	Richfield	properNoun	nor
Richford	properNoun	swe	Richford	properNoun	nor
Richthofen Pass	properNoun	swe	Richthofen Pass	properNoun	nor
Rickenbach	properNoun	swe	Rickenbach	properNoun	nor
Ricker Canyon	properNoun	swe	Ricker Canyon	properNoun	nor
Ricker Dome	properNoun	swe	Ricker Dome	properNoun	nor
Ricker Hills	properNoun	swe	Ricker Hills	properNoun	nor
Rickert	properNoun	swe	Rickert	properNoun	nor
Rickleån	properNoun	swe	Rickleån	properNoun	nor
Rickling	properNoun	swe	Rickling	properNoun	nor
Riddarfjärden	properNoun	swe	Riddarfjärden	properNoun	nor
Riddarholmen	properNoun	swe	Riddarholmen	properNoun	nor
Riddarhyttan	properNoun	swe	Riddarhyttan	properNoun	nor
Riddell Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Riddell Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Ridder	properNoun	swe	Ridder	properNoun	nor
Riddiford Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Riddiford Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Riddolls	properNoun	swe	Riddolls	properNoun	nor
Ridley Beach	properNoun	swe	Ridley Beach	properNoun	nor
Ried	properNoun	swe	Ried	properNoun	nor
Riederalp	properNoun	swe	Riederalp	properNoun	nor
Riedlingen	properNoun	swe	Riedlingen	properNoun	nor
Riehen	properNoun	swe	Riehen	properNoun	nor
Riein	properNoun	swe	Riein	properNoun	nor
Riemenstalden	properNoun	swe	Riemenstalden	properNoun	nor
Riemke	properNoun	swe	Riemke	properNoun	nor
Rien	properNoun	swe	Rien	properNoun	nor
Rieneck	properNoun	swe	Rieneck	properNoun	nor
Rieseberg	properNoun	swe	Rieseberg	properNoun	nor
Riesel	properNoun	swe	Riesel	properNoun	nor
Riet	properNoun	swe	Riet	properNoun	nor
Rietberg	properNoun	swe	Rietberg	properNoun	nor
Rietheim	properNoun	swe	Rietheim	properNoun	nor
Rieti	properNoun	swe	Rieti	properNoun	nor
Rieumes	properNoun	swe	Rieumes	properNoun	nor
Riez	properNoun	swe	Riez	properNoun	nor
Rif Dimashq	properNoun	swe	Rif Dimashq guvernement	properNoun	nor
Rif Dimashq	properNoun	swe	Rif Dimashq	properNoun	nor
Riffelhorn	properNoun	swe	Riffelhorn	properNoun	nor
Riffelsee	properNoun	swe	Riffelsee	properNoun	nor
Rigabukten	properNoun	swe	Rigabukta	properNoun	nor
Rigabukten	properNoun	swe	Rigabukten	properNoun	nor
Riggisberg	properNoun	swe	Riggisberg	properNoun	nor
Rigi	properNoun	swe	Rigi	properNoun	nor
Rigidalstock	properNoun	swe	Rigidalstock	properNoun	nor
Rigshospitalet	properNoun	swe	Rigshospitalet	properNoun	nor
Riigikogu	properNoun	swe	Riigikogu	properNoun	nor
Rijeka	properNoun	swe	Rijeka	properNoun	nor
Rijswijk	properNoun	swe	Rijswijk	properNoun	nor
Riksarkivet	properNoun	swe	Riksarkivet	properNoun	nor
Rikshospitalet	properNoun	swe	Rikshospitalet	properNoun	nor
Rila Point	properNoun	swe	Rila Point	properNoun	nor
Rill	properNoun	swe	Rill	properNoun	nor
Rimbo	properNoun	swe	Rimbo	properNoun	nor
Rime Crests	properNoun	swe	Rime Crests	properNoun	nor
Rimforsa	properNoun	swe	Rimforsa	properNoun	nor
Rimpfischhorn	properNoun	swe	Rimpfischhorn	properNoun	nor
Ring Djursland	properNoun	swe	Ring Djursland	properNoun	nor
Ringarum	properNoun	swe	Ringarum	properNoun	nor
Ringe	properNoun	swe	Ringe	properNoun	nor
Ringed Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Ringed Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Ringelsdorf	properNoun	swe	Ringelsdorf	properNoun	nor
Ringelspitz	properNoun	swe	Ringelspitz	properNoun	nor
Ringelstein	properNoun	swe	Ringelstein	properNoun	nor
Ringenberg	properNoun	swe	Ringenberg	properNoun	nor
Ringer Valley	properNoun	swe	Ringer Valley	properNoun	nor
Ringerike kommun	properNoun	swe	Ringerike kommune	properNoun	nor
Ringerike kommun	properNoun	swe	Ringerike	properNoun	nor
Ringgenberg	properNoun	swe	Ringgenberg	properNoun	nor
Ringgold Knoll	properNoun	swe	Ringgold Knoll	properNoun	nor
Ringkjøbing amt	properNoun	swe	Ringkjøbing amt	properNoun	nor
Ringsberg	properNoun	swe	Ringsberg	properNoun	nor
Ringsegård	properNoun	swe	Ringsegård	properNoun	nor
Ringsjön	properNoun	swe	Ringsjön	properNoun	nor
Ringsteds kommun	properNoun	swe	Ringsted kommune	properNoun	nor
Ringstedt	properNoun	swe	Ringstedt	properNoun	nor
Ringvassøya	properNoun	swe	Ringvassøy	properNoun	nor
Ringvassøya	properNoun	swe	Ringvassøya	properNoun	nor
Ringvoll	properNoun	swe	Ringvoll	properNoun	nor
Ringwood	properNoun	swe	Ringwood	properNoun	nor
Riniken	properNoun	swe	Riniken	properNoun	nor
Rink Point	properNoun	swe	Rink Point	properNoun	nor
Rinkaby	properNoun	swe	Rinkaby	properNoun	nor
Rinkabyholm	properNoun	swe	Rinkabyholm	properNoun	nor
Rinnen	properNoun	swe	Rinnen	properNoun	nor
Rinteln	properNoun	swe	Rinteln	properNoun	nor
Rio Grande do Norte	properNoun	swe	Rio Grande do Norte	properNoun	nor
Rio Grande do Sul	properNoun	swe	Rio Grande do Sul	properNoun	nor
Rio de Janeiro	properNoun	swe	Rio de Janeiro	properNoun	nor
Riobamba	properNoun	swe	Riobamba	properNoun	nor
Riom	properNoun	swe	Riom	properNoun	nor
Rioni	properNoun	swe	Rioni	properNoun	nor
Ripley	properNoun	swe	Ripley	properNoun	nor
Ripon	properNoun	swe	Ripon	properNoun	nor
Risaralda	properNoun	swe	Risaralda	properNoun	nor
Risbäck	properNoun	swe	Risbäck	properNoun	nor
Rish Point	properNoun	swe	Rish Point	properNoun	nor
Rishon LeZion	properNoun	swe	Rishon LeZion	properNoun	nor
Risihorn	properNoun	swe	Risihorn	properNoun	nor
Risk Rock	properNoun	swe	Risk Rock	properNoun	nor
Rissajaure	properNoun	swe	Rissajaure	properNoun	nor
Ristedt	properNoun	swe	Ristedt	properNoun	nor
Risögrund	properNoun	swe	Risögrund	properNoun	nor
Risøya	properNoun	swe	Risøya	properNoun	nor
Risøyhamn	properNoun	swe	Risøyhamn	properNoun	nor
Risøysundet	properNoun	swe	Risøysundet	properNoun	nor
Ritli Hill	properNoun	swe	Ritli Hill	properNoun	nor
Ritschertind	properNoun	swe	Ritschertind	properNoun	nor
Ritzihorn	properNoun	swe	Ritzihorn	properNoun	nor
Ritzlihorn	properNoun	swe	Ritzlihorn	properNoun	nor
Riu o Te Ata Valley	properNoun	swe	Riu o Te Ata Valley	properNoun	nor
Rivaz	properNoun	swe	Rivaz	properNoun	nor
River Heights	properNoun	swe	River Heights	properNoun	nor
Riverdale	properNoun	swe	Riverdale	properNoun	nor
Riverton	properNoun	swe	Riverton	properNoun	nor
Rivett	properNoun	swe	Rivett	properNoun	nor
Rivière du Rempart	properNoun	swe	Rivière du Rempart	properNoun	nor
Rivne oblast	properNoun	swe	Rivne oblast	properNoun	nor
Rivne	properNoun	swe	Rivne	properNoun	nor
Rixen	properNoun	swe	Rixen	properNoun	nor
Rixö	properNoun	swe	Rixö	properNoun	nor
Rize	properNoun	swe	Rize	properNoun	nor
Rizhao	properNoun	swe	Rizhao	properNoun	nor
Riß	properNoun	swe	Riß	properNoun	nor
Rjazan oblast	properNoun	swe	Rjazan oblast	properNoun	nor
Rjazan oblast	properNoun	swe	Rjazan	properNoun	nor
Rjazan	properNoun	swe	Rjazan	properNoun	nor
Rjazjsk	properNoun	swe	Rjazjsk	properNoun	nor
Rjukanfossen	properNoun	swe	Rjukanfossen	properNoun	nor
Road Town	properNoun	swe	Road Town	properNoun	nor
Roadend Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Roadend Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Roaring Valley	properNoun	swe	Roaring Valley	properNoun	nor
Robbery Beaches	properNoun	swe	Robbery Beaches	properNoun	nor
Robbins Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Robbins Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Roberts Massif	properNoun	swe	Roberts Massif	properNoun	nor
Roberts Pike	properNoun	swe	Roberts Pike	properNoun	nor
Robertsfors kommun	properNoun	swe	Robertsfors kommune	properNoun	nor
Robertsfors	properNoun	swe	Robertsfors	properNoun	nor
Robertskollen	properNoun	swe	Robertskollen	properNoun	nor
Robertson Massif	properNoun	swe	Robertson Massif	properNoun	nor
Robertson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Robertson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Robinheia	properNoun	swe	Robinheia	properNoun	nor
Robinson Heights	properNoun	swe	Robinson Heights	properNoun	nor
Roccaraso	properNoun	swe	Roccaraso	properNoun	nor
Roch Castle	properNoun	swe	Roch Castle	properNoun	nor
Rochdale	properNoun	swe	Rochdale	properNoun	nor
Rochechouart	properNoun	swe	Rochechouart	properNoun	nor
Rocher du Midi	properNoun	swe	Rocher du Midi	properNoun	nor
Rochers de Naye	properNoun	swe	Rochers de Naye	properNoun	nor
Rochers des Rayes	properNoun	swe	Rochers des Rayes	properNoun	nor
Roches	properNoun	swe	Roches	properNoun	nor
Rochford	properNoun	swe	Rochford	properNoun	nor
Rockall	properNoun	swe	Rockall	properNoun	nor
Rockefeller Mountains	properNoun	swe	Rockefeller Mountains	properNoun	nor
Rockefeller Plateau	properNoun	swe	Rockefeller Plateau	properNoun	nor
Rockhammar	properNoun	swe	Rockhammar	properNoun	nor
Rockneby	properNoun	swe	Rockneby	properNoun	nor
Rockney Ridge	properNoun	swe	Rockney Ridge	properNoun	nor
Rockville Centre	properNoun	swe	Rockville Centre	properNoun	nor
Rodalben	properNoun	swe	Rodalben	properNoun	nor
Rodaun	properNoun	swe	Rodaun	properNoun	nor
Rodde	properNoun	swe	Rodde	properNoun	nor
Rodels	properNoun	swe	Rodels	properNoun	nor
Rodenbach	properNoun	swe	Rodenbach	properNoun	nor
Rodenbeck	properNoun	swe	Rodenbeck	properNoun	nor
Rodenbek	properNoun	swe	Rodenbek	properNoun	nor
Roderick Valley	properNoun	swe	Roderick Valley	properNoun	nor
Rodewald	properNoun	swe	Rodewald	properNoun	nor
Rodez	properNoun	swe	Rodez	properNoun	nor
Rodger	properNoun	swe	Rodger	properNoun	nor
Rodopi	properNoun	swe	Rodopi	properNoun	nor
Rodopi	properNoun	swe	Rodópi	properNoun	nor
Rodopibergen	properNoun	swe	Rodopifjella	properNoun	nor
Rodopibergen	properNoun	swe	Rodopifjellene	properNoun	nor
Roerkulten	properNoun	swe	Roerkulten	properNoun	nor
Rogaland Teater	properNoun	swe	Rogaland Teater	properNoun	nor
Rogaland fylke	properNoun	swe	Rogaland fylke	properNoun	nor
Rogen	properNoun	swe	Rogen	properNoun	nor
Rogerstoppane	properNoun	swe	Rogerstoppane	properNoun	nor
Roggenburg	properNoun	swe	Roggenburg	properNoun	nor
Roggendorf	properNoun	swe	Roggendorf	properNoun	nor
Roggenhorn	properNoun	swe	Roggenhorn	properNoun	nor
Roggwil	properNoun	swe	Roggwil	properNoun	nor
Rogla	properNoun	swe	Rogla	properNoun	nor
Rognan	properNoun	swe	Rognan	properNoun	nor
Rohlstorf	properNoun	swe	Rohlstorf	properNoun	nor
Rohr	properNoun	swe	Rohr	properNoun	nor
Rohrbach	properNoun	swe	Rohrbach	properNoun	nor
Rohrbachgraben	properNoun	swe	Rohrbachgraben	properNoun	nor
Rohrbachstein	properNoun	swe	Rohrbachstein	properNoun	nor
Rohrberg	properNoun	swe	Rohrberg	properNoun	nor
Rohrdorf	properNoun	swe	Rohrdorf	properNoun	nor
Roisdorf	properNoun	swe	Roisdorf	properNoun	nor
Rojava	properNoun	swe	Rojava	properNoun	nor
Rojava	properNoun	swe	Syrisk Kurdistan	properNoun	nor
Roknäs	properNoun	swe	Roknäs	properNoun	nor
Rokån	properNoun	swe	Rokån	properNoun	nor
Rolfs	properNoun	swe	Rolfs	properNoun	nor
Rolfstorp	properNoun	swe	Rolfstorp	properNoun	nor
Rolfsån	properNoun	swe	Rolfsån	properNoun	nor
Rom	properNoun	swe	Rom	properNoun	nor
Roma	properNoun	swe	Roma	properNoun	nor
Romainmôtier	properNoun	swe	Romainmôtier	properNoun	nor
Roman Four Promontory	properNoun	swe	Roman Four Promontory	properNoun	nor
Roman	properNoun	swe	Roman	properNoun	nor
Romandiet	properNoun	swe	Romandie	properNoun	nor
Romanes Beach	properNoun	swe	Romanes Beach	properNoun	nor
Romano Canavese	properNoun	swe	Romano Canavese	properNoun	nor
Romanshorn	properNoun	swe	Romanshorn	properNoun	nor
Romberg	properNoun	swe	Romberg	properNoun	nor
Romeriksporten	properNoun	swe	Romeriksporten	properNoun	nor
Romford	properNoun	swe	Romford	properNoun	nor
Rommerskirchen	properNoun	swe	Rommerskirchen	properNoun	nor
Romont	properNoun	swe	Romont	properNoun	nor
Romsey	properNoun	swe	Romsey	properNoun	nor
Ronald Ridge	properNoun	swe	Ronald Ridge	properNoun	nor
Ronald Rock	properNoun	swe	Ronald Rock	properNoun	nor
Ronchi	properNoun	swe	Ronchi	properNoun	nor
Rondane nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Rondane nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Rondeslottet	properNoun	swe	Rondeslottet	properNoun	nor
Rondeslottet	properNoun	swe	Rondslottet	properNoun	nor
Rondônia	properNoun	swe	Rondônia	properNoun	nor
Rongel Point	properNoun	swe	Rongel Point	properNoun	nor
Rongel Reef	properNoun	swe	Rongel Reef	properNoun	nor
Rongellen	properNoun	swe	Rongellen	properNoun	nor
Rongshui	properNoun	swe	Rongshui	properNoun	nor
Ronneby kommun	properNoun	swe	Ronneby kommune	properNoun	nor
Ronneby	properNoun	swe	Ronneby	properNoun	nor
Ronnebyån	properNoun	swe	Ronnebyån	properNoun	nor
Ronnenberg	properNoun	swe	Ronnenberg	properNoun	nor
Ronsdorf	properNoun	swe	Ronsdorf	properNoun	nor
Roosendaal	properNoun	swe	Rosendahl	properNoun	nor
Rootes Point	properNoun	swe	Rootes Point	properNoun	nor
Rootshorga	properNoun	swe	Rootshorga	properNoun	nor
Ropebrake Pass	properNoun	swe	Ropebrake Pass	properNoun	nor
Roque del Este	properNoun	swe	Roque del Este	properNoun	nor
Roque del Oeste	properNoun	swe	Roque del Oeste	properNoun	nor
Roquemaurel	properNoun	swe	Roquemaurel	properNoun	nor
Roraima	properNoun	swe	Roraima	properNoun	nor
Rorainópolis	properNoun	swe	Rorainópolis	properNoun	nor
Rorschacherberg	properNoun	swe	Rorschacherberg	properNoun	nor
Rosablanche	properNoun	swe	Rosablanche	properNoun	nor
Rosanes	properNoun	swe	Rosanes	properNoun	nor
Rosbach	properNoun	swe	Rosbach	properNoun	nor
Roscoe Promontory	properNoun	swe	Roscoe Promontory	properNoun	nor
Roscolyn Tor	properNoun	swe	Roscolyn Tor	properNoun	nor
Roscommon	properNoun	swe	Roscommon	properNoun	nor
Roseau	properNoun	swe	Roseau	properNoun	nor
Rosellen	properNoun	swe	Rosellen	properNoun	nor
Rosenau Head	properNoun	swe	Rosenau Head	properNoun	nor
Rosenau	properNoun	swe	Rosenau	properNoun	nor
Rosenborgs slott	properNoun	swe	Rosenborg slott	properNoun	nor
Rosenegg	properNoun	swe	Rosenegg	properNoun	nor
Rosenfors	properNoun	swe	Rosenfors	properNoun	nor
Rosengarten	properNoun	swe	Rosengarten	properNoun	nor
Rosengård	properNoun	swe	Rosengård	properNoun	nor
Rosenhagen	properNoun	swe	Rosenhagen	properNoun	nor
Rosenheim	properNoun	swe	Rosenheim	properNoun	nor
Rosenhorn	properNoun	swe	Rosenhorn	properNoun	nor
Rosenthal	properNoun	swe	Rosenthal	properNoun	nor
Rosenwald	properNoun	swe	Rosenwald	properNoun	nor
Rosersberg	properNoun	swe	Rosersberg	properNoun	nor
Roseville	properNoun	swe	Roseville	properNoun	nor
Rosewood	properNoun	swe	Rosewood	properNoun	nor
Rosian	properNoun	swe	Rosian	properNoun	nor
Roskilde amt	properNoun	swe	Roskilde amt	properNoun	nor
Roskilde domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Roskilde domkirke	properNoun	nor
Roskilde domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Roskilde domkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Roskilde kommun	properNoun	swe	Roskilde kommune	properNoun	nor
Roskildefjorden	properNoun	swe	Roskildefjorden	properNoun	nor
Roskildevej	properNoun	swe	Roskildevej	properNoun	nor
Roslavl	properNoun	swe	Roslavl	properNoun	nor
Roslyn	properNoun	swe	Roslyn	properNoun	nor
Rosolini	properNoun	swe	Rosolini	properNoun	nor
Ross Archipelago	properNoun	swe	Ross Archipelago	properNoun	nor
Ross Dependency	properNoun	swe	Ross Dependency	properNoun	nor
Rossa	properNoun	swe	Rossa	properNoun	nor
Rossel	properNoun	swe	Rossel	properNoun	nor
Rossemaison	properNoun	swe	Rossemaison	properNoun	nor
Rossenges	properNoun	swe	Rossenges	properNoun	nor
Rossens	properNoun	swe	Rossens	properNoun	nor
Rosser Ridge	properNoun	swe	Rosser Ridge	properNoun	nor
Rossija Segodnja	properNoun	swe	Rossiya Segodnya	properNoun	nor
Rossinière	properNoun	swe	Rossinière	properNoun	nor
Rossman	properNoun	swe	Rossman	properNoun	nor
Rosso di Ribia	properNoun	swe	Rosso di Ribia	properNoun	nor
Rosso	properNoun	swe	Rosso	properNoun	nor
Rossosj	properNoun	swe	Rossosj	properNoun	nor
Rossön	properNoun	swe	Rossön	properNoun	nor
Rossøya	properNoun	swe	Rossøya	properNoun	nor
Rostadneset	properNoun	swe	Rostadneset	properNoun	nor
Rostov oblast	properNoun	swe	Rostov oblast	properNoun	nor
Rostov oblast	properNoun	swe	Rostov	properNoun	nor
Rostov	properNoun	swe	Rostov	properNoun	nor
Rostra	properNoun	swe	Rostrum	properNoun	nor
Rosvik	properNoun	swe	Rosvik	properNoun	nor
Rosån	properNoun	swe	Rosån	properNoun	nor
Rot am See	properNoun	swe	Rot am See	properNoun	nor
Rot	properNoun	swe	Rot	properNoun	nor
Rotbühlspitz	properNoun	swe	Rotbüelspitz	properNoun	nor
Roteberg	properNoun	swe	Roteberg	properNoun	nor
Roteflue	properNoun	swe	Roteflue	properNoun	nor
Rotenburg an der Fulda	properNoun	swe	Rotenburg an der Fulda	properNoun	nor
Rotenburg	properNoun	swe	Rotenburg an der Wümme	properNoun	nor
Rotenburg	properNoun	swe	Rotenburg	properNoun	nor
Rothbury	properNoun	swe	Rothbury	properNoun	nor
Rothenbrunnen	properNoun	swe	Rothenbrunnen	properNoun	nor
Rothenburg	properNoun	swe	Rothenburg	properNoun	nor
Rothenfluh	properNoun	swe	Rothenfluh	properNoun	nor
Rothenschirmbach	properNoun	swe	Rothenschirmbach	properNoun	nor
Rothera	properNoun	swe	Rothera	properNoun	nor
Rotherham	properNoun	swe	Rotherham	properNoun	nor
Rothrist	properNoun	swe	Rothrist	properNoun	nor
Rothwell	properNoun	swe	Rothwell	properNoun	nor
Rotolante	properNoun	swe	Rotolante	properNoun	nor
Rotorua	properNoun	swe	Rotorua	properNoun	nor
Rotsee	properNoun	swe	Rotsee	properNoun	nor
Rotstöckli	properNoun	swe	Rotstöckli	properNoun	nor
Rott	properNoun	swe	Rott	properNoun	nor
Rottalhorn	properNoun	swe	Rottalhorn	properNoun	nor
Rottenburg am Neckar	properNoun	swe	Rottenburg am Neckar	properNoun	nor
Rottenschwil	properNoun	swe	Rottenschwil	properNoun	nor
Rotthausen	properNoun	swe	Rotthausen	properNoun	nor
Rottland	properNoun	swe	Rottland	properNoun	nor
Rottnan	properNoun	swe	Rotna	properNoun	nor
Rottne	properNoun	swe	Rottne	properNoun	nor
Rottneros	properNoun	swe	Rottneros	properNoun	nor
Rouch Point	properNoun	swe	Rouch Point	properNoun	nor
Rouen Mountains	properNoun	swe	Rouen Mountains	properNoun	nor
Rougier Hill	properNoun	swe	Rougier Hill	properNoun	nor
Roullin	properNoun	swe	Roullin	properNoun	nor
Round Maple	properNoun	swe	Round Maple	properNoun	nor
Roundel Dome	properNoun	swe	Roundel Dome	properNoun	nor
Rousay	properNoun	swe	Rousay	properNoun	nor
Roussay	properNoun	swe	Roussay	properNoun	nor
Roussillon	properNoun	swe	Nord-Catalonia	properNoun	nor
Roveredo	properNoun	swe	Roveredo	properNoun	nor
Rovereto	properNoun	swe	Rovereto	properNoun	nor
Rovigo	properNoun	swe	Rovigo	properNoun	nor
Rovinj	properNoun	swe	Rovinj	properNoun	nor
Rovøya	properNoun	swe	Rovøya	properNoun	nor
Rowe Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Rowe Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Rowley Corridor	properNoun	swe	Rowley Corridor	properNoun	nor
Rowley Massif	properNoun	swe	Rowley Massif	properNoun	nor
Roxel	properNoun	swe	Roxel	properNoun	nor
Roxen	properNoun	swe	Roxen	properNoun	nor
Royal Academy of Arts	properNoun	swe	Royal Academy of Arts	properNoun	nor
Royal Academy of Arts	properNoun	swe	Royal Academy	properNoun	nor
Royal Albert Hall	properNoun	swe	Royal Albert Hall	properNoun	nor
Royal College of Art	properNoun	swe	Royal College of Art	properNoun	nor
Royal College of Defence Studies	properNoun	swe	Royal College of Defence Studies	properNoun	nor
Royal Festival Hall	properNoun	swe	Royal Festival Hall	properNoun	nor
Royal Geographical Society	properNoun	swe	Royal Geographical Society	properNoun	nor
Royal Leamington Spa	properNoun	swe	Royal Leamington Spa	properNoun	nor
Royal Melbourne Hospital	properNoun	swe	Royal Melbourne Hospital	properNoun	nor
Royal Military Academy Woolwich	properNoun	swe	Royal Military Academy Woolwich	properNoun	nor
Royal Society Range	properNoun	swe	Royal Society Range	properNoun	nor
Royal Society	properNoun	swe	Royal Society	properNoun	nor
Royal Tunbridge Wells	properNoun	swe	Royal Tunbridge Wells	properNoun	nor
Royal Tunbridge Wells	properNoun	swe	Tunbridge Wells	properNoun	nor
Royan	properNoun	swe	Royan	properNoun	nor
Royston	properNoun	swe	Royston	properNoun	nor
Rozhen Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Rozhen Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Rozo Point	properNoun	swe	Rozo Point	properNoun	nor
Roßlau	properNoun	swe	Roßlau	properNoun	nor
Rtisjtjevo	properNoun	swe	Rtisjtsjevo	properNoun	nor
Ruapehu	properNoun	swe	Ruapehu	properNoun	nor
Rubbestadneset	properNoun	swe	Rubbestadneset	properNoun	nor
Rubicon	properNoun	swe	Rubicon	properNoun	nor
Rubigen	properNoun	swe	Rubigen	properNoun	nor
Rubjerg Knude fyr	properNoun	swe	Rubjerg Knude Fyr	properNoun	nor
Rubtsovsk	properNoun	swe	Rubtsovsk	properNoun	nor
Rubí	properNoun	swe	Rubí	properNoun	nor
Ruchstock	properNoun	swe	Ruchstock	properNoun	nor
Ruda Śląska	properNoun	swe	Ruda Śląska	properNoun	nor
Ruda	properNoun	swe	Ruda	properNoun	nor
Ruderhofspitze	properNoun	swe	Ruderhofspitze	properNoun	nor
Rudersberg	properNoun	swe	Rudersberg	properNoun	nor
Rudersdals kommun	properNoun	swe	Rudersdal kommune	properNoun	nor
Rudersdorf	properNoun	swe	Rudersdorf	properNoun	nor
Rudolphy	properNoun	swe	Rudolphy	properNoun	nor
Rudolstadt	properNoun	swe	Rudolstadt	properNoun	nor
Rudträsket	properNoun	swe	Rudträsket	properNoun	nor
Rue de Rivoli	properNoun	swe	Rue de Rivoli	properNoun	nor
Rue	properNoun	swe	Rue	properNoun	nor
Rueun	properNoun	swe	Rueun	properNoun	nor
Rugate Ridge	properNoun	swe	Rugate Ridge	properNoun	nor
Rugby	properNoun	swe	Rugby	properNoun	nor
Rugeley	properNoun	swe	Rugeley	properNoun	nor
Ruggell	properNoun	swe	Ruggell	properNoun	nor
Ruh	properNoun	swe	Ruh	properNoun	nor
Ruhberg	properNoun	swe	Ruhberg	properNoun	nor
Ruhleben	properNoun	swe	Ruhleben	properNoun	nor
Ruhpolding	properNoun	swe	Ruhpolding	properNoun	nor
Ruhrområdet	properNoun	swe	Ruhrområdet	properNoun	nor
Ruhrort	properNoun	swe	Ruhrort	properNoun	nor
Ruisbroek	properNoun	swe	Ruisbroek	properNoun	nor
Rum	properNoun	swe	Rum	properNoun	nor
Rumbler Rock	properNoun	swe	Rumbler Rock	properNoun	nor
Rumendingen	properNoun	swe	Rumendingen	properNoun	nor
Rumisberg	properNoun	swe	Rumisberg	properNoun	nor
Rummage	properNoun	swe	Rummage	properNoun	nor
Rumskulla	properNoun	swe	Rumskulla	properNoun	nor
Runaway Hills	properNoun	swe	Runaway Hills	properNoun	nor
Runcorn	properNoun	swe	Runcorn	properNoun	nor
Rundeskatten	properNoun	swe	Rundeskatten	properNoun	nor
Rundetårn	properNoun	swe	Rundetårn	properNoun	nor
Rundkyrkan i Kallósd	properNoun	swe	Rundkyrkja i Kallósd	properNoun	nor
Rundvik	properNoun	swe	Rundvik	properNoun	nor
Rundvågskollane	properNoun	swe	Rundvågskollane	properNoun	nor
Runemo	properNoun	swe	Runemo	properNoun	nor
Runhällen	properNoun	swe	Runhällen	properNoun	nor
Runmarö	properNoun	swe	Runmarö	properNoun	nor
Runn	properNoun	swe	Runn	properNoun	nor
Runnelstone	properNoun	swe	Runnelstone	properNoun	nor
Runtuna	properNoun	swe	Runtuna	properNoun	nor
Runyon Rock	properNoun	swe	Runyon Rock	properNoun	nor
Runö	properNoun	swe	Ruhnu	properNoun	nor
Ruperts land	properNoun	swe	Rupert's Land	properNoun	nor
Rupperswil	properNoun	swe	Rupperswil	properNoun	nor
Ruppert Coast	properNoun	swe	Ruppert Coast	properNoun	nor
Ruppoldsried	properNoun	swe	Ruppoldsried	properNoun	nor
Ruschein	properNoun	swe	Ruschein	properNoun	nor
Rusenski Lom	properNoun	swe	Rusenski Lom	properNoun	nor
Rushden	properNoun	swe	Rushden	properNoun	nor
Ruskin	properNoun	swe	Ruskin	properNoun	nor
Rusksele	properNoun	swe	Rusksele	properNoun	nor
Rusokastro Rock	properNoun	swe	Rusokastro Rock	properNoun	nor
Russell Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Russell Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Russet Hills	properNoun	swe	Russet Hills	properNoun	nor
Russet Pikes	properNoun	swe	Russet Pikes	properNoun	nor
Russian Gap	properNoun	swe	Russian Gap	properNoun	nor
Russin	properNoun	swe	Russin	properNoun	nor
Russy	properNoun	swe	Russy	properNoun	nor
Rustavi	properNoun	swe	Rustavi	properNoun	nor
Rutberget	properNoun	swe	Rutberget	properNoun	nor
Rutford	properNoun	swe	Rutford	properNoun	nor
Ruth Gade	properNoun	swe	Ruth Gade	properNoun	nor
Ruthe	properNoun	swe	Ruthe	properNoun	nor
Rutland Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Rutland Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Rutland	properNoun	swe	Rutland	properNoun	nor
Rutvik	properNoun	swe	Rutvik	properNoun	nor
Ruza	properNoun	swe	Ruza	properNoun	nor
Ry	properNoun	swe	Ry	properNoun	nor
Rya	properNoun	swe	Rya	properNoun	nor
Rybinsk	properNoun	swe	Rybinsk	properNoun	nor
Rybnik	properNoun	swe	Rybnik	properNoun	nor
Rydaholm	properNoun	swe	Rydaholm	properNoun	nor
Rydal	properNoun	swe	Rydal	properNoun	nor
Rydberg Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Rydberg Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Rydbo	properNoun	swe	Rydbo	properNoun	nor
Rydboholm	properNoun	swe	Rydboholm	properNoun	nor
Ryde	properNoun	swe	Ryde	properNoun	nor
Rydebäck	properNoun	swe	Rydebäck	properNoun	nor
Ryder	properNoun	swe	Ryder	properNoun	nor
Rydsgård	properNoun	swe	Rydsgård	properNoun	nor
Rydsnäs	properNoun	swe	Rydsnäs	properNoun	nor
Rydöbruk	properNoun	swe	Rydöbruk	properNoun	nor
Ryge	properNoun	swe	Ryge	properNoun	nor
Ryggebyen	properNoun	swe	Ryggebyen	properNoun	nor
Rykene	properNoun	swe	Rygene	properNoun	nor
Rykene	properNoun	swe	Rykene	properNoun	nor
Rymill Coast	properNoun	swe	Rymill Coast	properNoun	nor
Ryrie Rock	properNoun	swe	Ryrie Rock	properNoun	nor
Ryska museet	properNoun	swe	Det russiske museet	properNoun	nor
Ryssby	properNoun	swe	Ryssby	properNoun	nor
Rysslands geografi	properNoun	swe	Russisk geografi	properNoun	nor
Rysslands geografi	properNoun	swe	Russlands geografi	properNoun	nor
Rysy	properNoun	swe	Rysy	properNoun	nor
Ryukyuöarna	properNoun	swe	Ryukyuøyene	properNoun	nor
Rzjev	properNoun	swe	Rzjev	properNoun	nor
Râmnicu Vâlcea	properNoun	swe	Râmnicu Vâlcea	properNoun	nor
Râs Baalbek	properNoun	swe	Ras Baalbek	properNoun	nor
Rälla	properNoun	swe	Rälla	properNoun	nor
Rämen	properNoun	swe	Rämen	properNoun	nor
Rängs sand	properNoun	swe	Rängs sand	properNoun	nor
Ränneslöv	properNoun	swe	Ränneslöv	properNoun	nor
Rättviks kommun	properNoun	swe	Rättvik kommune	properNoun	nor
Rävemåla	properNoun	swe	Rävemåla	properNoun	nor
Rävlanda	properNoun	swe	Rävlanda	properNoun	nor
Råby	properNoun	swe	Råby	properNoun	nor
Råcksta träsk	properNoun	swe	Råcksta träsk	properNoun	nor
Råda	properNoun	swe	Råda	properNoun	nor
Rådhusplassen	properNoun	swe	Rådhusplassen	properNoun	nor
Råkvåg	properNoun	swe	Råkvågen	properNoun	nor
Råneälven	properNoun	swe	Råneälven	properNoun	nor
Råneå	properNoun	swe	Råneå	properNoun	nor
Rångedala	properNoun	swe	Rångedala	properNoun	nor
Rånnaväg	properNoun	swe	Rånnaväg	properNoun	nor
Rånäs	properNoun	swe	Rånäs	properNoun	nor
Råshult	properNoun	swe	Råshult	properNoun	nor
Råstasjön	properNoun	swe	Råstasjön	properNoun	nor
Råån	properNoun	swe	Råån	properNoun	nor
République	properNoun	swe	République	properNoun	nor
Réunion	properNoun	swe	Réunion	properNoun	nor
Rímac	properNoun	swe	Rímac	properNoun	nor
Rîbnița	properNoun	swe	Rîbniţa	properNoun	nor
Röbrinken	properNoun	swe	Röbrinken	properNoun	nor
Röbäck	properNoun	swe	Röbäck	properNoun	nor
Röda Korset	properNoun	swe	Raudekrossen	properNoun	nor
Röda Korset	properNoun	swe	Røde Kors	properNoun	nor
Röda havet	properNoun	swe	Raudehavet	properNoun	nor
Rødehavet	properNoun	swe	Rødehavet	properNoun	nor
Röda havet	properNoun	swe	Rødehavet	properNoun	nor
Röda holme	properNoun	swe	Röda holme	properNoun	nor
Röda moskén	properNoun	swe	Den raude moskeen	properNoun	nor
Röda moskén	properNoun	swe	Den røde moské	properNoun	nor
Röda torget	properNoun	swe	Den raude plassen	properNoun	nor
Röda torget	properNoun	swe	Den røde plass	properNoun	nor
Rödbo	properNoun	swe	Rödbo	properNoun	nor
Röderland	properNoun	swe	Röderland	properNoun	nor
Rödlöga	properNoun	swe	Rödlöga	properNoun	nor
Röfors	properNoun	swe	Röfors	properNoun	nor
Röhr	properNoun	swe	Röhr	properNoun	nor
Röhrbach	properNoun	swe	Röhrbach	properNoun	nor
Röke	properNoun	swe	Röke	properNoun	nor
Rökstenen	properNoun	swe	Röksteinen	properNoun	nor
Rökå	properNoun	swe	Rökå	properNoun	nor
Rölsdorf	properNoun	swe	Rölsdorf	properNoun	nor
Römhild	properNoun	swe	Römhild	properNoun	nor
Römlinghoven	properNoun	swe	Römlinghoven	properNoun	nor
Rönne å	properNoun	swe	Rönne å	properNoun	nor
Rönneshytta	properNoun	swe	Rönneshytta	properNoun	nor
Rönnäng	properNoun	swe	Rönnäng	properNoun	nor
Rönnösjön	properNoun	swe	Rönnösjön	properNoun	nor
Röros	properNoun	swe	Røros	properNoun	nor
Rörstrands Porslinsfabrik	properNoun	swe	Rörstrands Porslinsfabrik	properNoun	nor
Rörtjärnen	properNoun	swe	Rörtjärnen	properNoun	nor
Rörvik	properNoun	swe	Rörvik	properNoun	nor
Rörö	properNoun	swe	Rörö	properNoun	nor
Rösa	properNoun	swe	Rösa	properNoun	nor
Rösberg	properNoun	swe	Rösberg	properNoun	nor
Röschenz	properNoun	swe	Röschenz	properNoun	nor
Rösrath	properNoun	swe	Rösrath	properNoun	nor
Röstånga	properNoun	swe	Röstånga	properNoun	nor
Rötenbach	properNoun	swe	Rötenbach	properNoun	nor
Röthenbach im Emmental	properNoun	swe	Röthenbach im Emmental	properNoun	nor
Röttgen	properNoun	swe	Röttgen	properNoun	nor
Rødovre kommun	properNoun	swe	Rødovre kommune	properNoun	nor
Rødovre	properNoun	swe	Rødovre	properNoun	nor
Rødsand	properNoun	swe	Rødsand	properNoun	nor
Rødtvet	properNoun	swe	Rødtvet	properNoun	nor
Rømlingane	properNoun	swe	Rømlingane	properNoun	nor
Rømø	properNoun	swe	Rømø	properNoun	nor
Røros flygplats	properNoun	swe	Røros lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Røros flygplats	properNoun	swe	Røros lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Rørvik flygplats	properNoun	swe	Rørvik lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Rørvik flygplats	properNoun	swe	Rørvik lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Røssvatnet	properNoun	swe	Røssvatnet	properNoun	nor
Røst flygplats	properNoun	swe	Røst lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Røst flygplats	properNoun	swe	Røst lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Rüber	properNoun	swe	Rüber	properNoun	nor
Rüderswil	properNoun	swe	Rüderswil	properNoun	nor
Rüdlingen	properNoun	swe	Rüdlingen	properNoun	nor
Rüdnitz	properNoun	swe	Rüdnitz	properNoun	nor
Rüeggisberg	properNoun	swe	Rüeggisberg	properNoun	nor
Rüegsau	properNoun	swe	Rüegsau	properNoun	nor
Rüfenach	properNoun	swe	Rüfenach	properNoun	nor
Rühle	properNoun	swe	Rühle	properNoun	nor
Rümikon	properNoun	swe	Rümikon	properNoun	nor
Rümligen	properNoun	swe	Rümligen	properNoun	nor
Rümlingen	properNoun	swe	Rümlingen	properNoun	nor
Rünenberg	properNoun	swe	Rünenberg	properNoun	nor
Rüschegg	properNoun	swe	Rüschegg	properNoun	nor
Rüsselsheim	properNoun	swe	Rüsselsheim	properNoun	nor
Rüte	properNoun	swe	Rüte	properNoun	nor
Rüthen	properNoun	swe	Rüthen	properNoun	nor
Rüti bei Büren	properNoun	swe	Rüti bei Büren	properNoun	nor
Rüti bei Lyssach	properNoun	swe	Rüti bei Lyssach	properNoun	nor
Rütli	properNoun	swe	Rütli	properNoun	nor
Rütschelen	properNoun	swe	Rütschelen	properNoun	nor
Rüttenen	properNoun	swe	Rüttenen	properNoun	nor
Rēzekne	properNoun	swe	Rēzekne	properNoun	nor
SMS Karlsruhe	properNoun	swe	SMS Karlsruhe	properNoun	nor
Saal	properNoun	swe	Saal	properNoun	nor
Saalach	properNoun	swe	Saalach	properNoun	nor
Saalbach	properNoun	swe	Saalbach	properNoun	nor
Saalekreis	properNoun	swe	Saalekreis	properNoun	nor
Saalfelden	properNoun	swe	Saalfelden	properNoun	nor
Saane	properNoun	swe	Saane	properNoun	nor
Saanen	properNoun	swe	Saanen	properNoun	nor
Saare län	properNoun	swe	Saare maakond	properNoun	nor
Saare län	properNoun	swe	Saare	properNoun	nor
Saarland	properNoun	swe	Saarland	properNoun	nor
Saas im Prättigau	properNoun	swe	Saas im Prättigau	properNoun	nor
Saas	properNoun	swe	Saas	properNoun	nor
Saastal	properNoun	swe	Saastal	properNoun	nor
Šabac	properNoun	swe	Šabac	properNoun	nor
Sabadell	properNoun	swe	Sabadell	properNoun	nor
Sabb	properNoun	swe	Sabb	properNoun	nor
Sabbioneta	properNoun	swe	Sabbioneta	properNoun	nor
Sabra och Shatila	properNoun	swe	Massakrane i Sabra og Shatila	properNoun	nor
Sabrina Coast	properNoun	swe	Sabrina Coast	properNoun	nor
Sabrina Ridge	properNoun	swe	Sabrina Ridge	properNoun	nor
Sabrina Valley	properNoun	swe	Sabrina Valley	properNoun	nor
Sacavém	properNoun	swe	Sacavém	properNoun	nor
Sacco	properNoun	swe	Sacco	properNoun	nor
Sacha	properNoun	swe	Sakha	properNoun	nor
Sachalin oblast	properNoun	swe	Sakhalin oblast	properNoun	nor
Sachalin oblast	properNoun	swe	Sakhalin	properNoun	nor
Sachalin	properNoun	swe	Sakhalin	properNoun	nor
Sachsenhausen	properNoun	swe	Sachsenhausen	properNoun	nor
Sachsenheim	properNoun	swe	Sachsenheim	properNoun	nor
Sackhorn	properNoun	swe	Sackhorn	properNoun	nor
Sacrow	properNoun	swe	Sacrow	properNoun	nor
Sacsayhuamán	properNoun	swe	Sacsayhuamán	properNoun	nor
Sacsayhuamán	properNoun	swe	Saksaywaman	properNoun	nor
Sada	properNoun	swe	Sada	properNoun	nor
Sadala Point	properNoun	swe	Sadala Point	properNoun	nor
Sádek	properNoun	swe	Sádek	properNoun	nor
Sado	properNoun	swe	Sado	properNoun	nor
Safed	properNoun	swe	Safed	properNoun	nor
Safenwil	properNoun	swe	Safenwil	properNoun	nor
Safety Col	properNoun	swe	Safety Col	properNoun	nor
Saffron Walden	properNoun	swe	Saffron Walden	properNoun	nor
Safien	properNoun	swe	Safien	properNoun	nor
Safnern	properNoun	swe	Safnern	properNoun	nor
Safonovo	properNoun	swe	Safonovo	properNoun	nor
Safranbolu	properNoun	swe	Safranbolu	properNoun	nor
Sage Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Sage Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Sagehen Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Sagehen Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Sagene	properNoun	swe	Sagene	properNoun	nor
Saggat	properNoun	swe	Saggat	properNoun	nor
Sagittate Hill	properNoun	swe	Sagittate Hill	properNoun	nor
Sagogn	properNoun	swe	Sagogn	properNoun	nor
Sagres	properNoun	swe	Sagres	properNoun	nor
Sagunto	properNoun	swe	Sagunto	properNoun	nor
Sagån	properNoun	swe	Sagån	properNoun	nor
Saicourt	properNoun	swe	Saicourt	properNoun	nor
Saignelégier	properNoun	swe	Saignelégier	properNoun	nor
Saima kanal	properNoun	swe	Saimaa kanal	properNoun	nor
Saima kanal	properNoun	swe	Saimaakanalen	properNoun	nor
Saimen	properNoun	swe	Saimen	properNoun	nor
Saint Helier	properNoun	swe	Saint Helier	properNoun	nor
Saint Johns Range	properNoun	swe	Saint Johns Range	properNoun	nor
Saint Kitts och Nevis	properNoun	swe	Saint Kitts og Nevis	properNoun	nor
Saint Kitts	properNoun	swe	Saint Kitts	properNoun	nor
Saint Lawrenceviken	properNoun	swe	Sankt Lawrencebukta	properNoun	nor
Saint Lawrenceviken	properNoun	swe	St. Lawrence-bukta	properNoun	nor
Saint Louis	properNoun	swe	Saint Louis	properNoun	nor
Saint Louis	properNoun	swe	St. Louis	properNoun	nor
Saint Lucia	properNoun	swe	Saint Lucia	properNoun	nor
Saint Martin	properNoun	swe	Saint-Martin	properNoun	nor
Saint Pauls Mountain	properNoun	swe	Saint Pauls Mountain	properNoun	nor
Saint Vincent och Grenadinerna	properNoun	swe	Saint Vincent og Grenadinane	properNoun	nor
Saint Vincent och Grenadinerna	properNoun	swe	Saint Vincent og Grenadinene	properNoun	nor
Saintes	properNoun	swe	Saintes	properNoun	nor
Saipan	properNoun	swe	Saipan	properNoun	nor
Sajanbergen	properNoun	swe	Sajanfjella	properNoun	nor
Sajanbergen	properNoun	swe	Sajanfjellene	properNoun	nor
Sajó	properNoun	swe	Sajó	properNoun	nor
Sajóvámos	properNoun	swe	Sajóvámos	properNoun	nor
Sakarya	properNoun	swe	Sakarya	properNoun	nor
Sakellari Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Sakellari Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Šakiai	properNoun	swe	Šakiai	properNoun	nor
Saku Suurhall	properNoun	swe	Saku Suurhall	properNoun	nor
Saky	properNoun	swe	Saky	properNoun	nor
Sala kommun	properNoun	swe	Sala kommune	properNoun	nor
Sala	properNoun	swe	Sala	properNoun	nor
Salaca	properNoun	swe	Salaca	properNoun	nor
Salamanca	properNoun	swe	Salamanca	properNoun	nor
Salamander Range	properNoun	swe	Salamander Range	properNoun	nor
Salamis	properNoun	swe	Salamis	properNoun	nor
Salamis	properNoun	swe	Salamína	properNoun	nor
Salar de Uyuni	properNoun	swe	Salar de Uyuni	properNoun	nor
Salash Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Salash Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Salat	properNoun	swe	Salat	properNoun	nor
Salavat	properNoun	swe	Salavat	properNoun	nor
Salbitschijen	properNoun	swe	Salbitschijen	properNoun	nor
Salbohed	properNoun	swe	Salbohed	properNoun	nor
Salchendorf	properNoun	swe	Salchendorf	properNoun	nor
Salcombe	properNoun	swe	Salcombe	properNoun	nor
Salda	properNoun	swe	Salda	properNoun	nor
Saleby	properNoun	swe	Saleby	properNoun	nor
Salechard	properNoun	swe	Salekhard	properNoun	nor
Salem	properNoun	swe	Salem	properNoun	nor
Salems kommun	properNoun	swe	Salem kommune	properNoun	nor
Salenstein	properNoun	swe	Salenstein	properNoun	nor
Salento	properNoun	swe	Salento	properNoun	nor
Salerno	properNoun	swe	Salerno	properNoun	nor
Salford	properNoun	swe	Salford	properNoun	nor
Salient Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Salient Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Salient Ridge	properNoun	swe	Salient Ridge	properNoun	nor
Saligprisningarnas berg	properNoun	swe	Sæleprisingsberget	properNoun	nor
Salingen	properNoun	swe	Salingen	properNoun	nor
Salisbury	properNoun	swe	Salisbury	properNoun	nor
Sallanches	properNoun	swe	Sallanches	properNoun	nor
Salmon Hill	properNoun	swe	Salmon Hill	properNoun	nor
Salomó	properNoun	swe	Salomó	properNoun	nor
Salouf	properNoun	swe	Salouf	properNoun	nor
Salqīn	properNoun	swe	Salqin	properNoun	nor
Salsk	properNoun	swe	Salsk	properNoun	nor
Salt Lake City	properNoun	swe	Salt Lake City	properNoun	nor
Saltash	properNoun	swe	Saltash	properNoun	nor
Salten	properNoun	swe	Salten	properNoun	nor
Saltgruvan i Wieliczka	properNoun	swe	Saltgruva i Wieliczka	properNoun	nor
Saltholm	properNoun	swe	Saltholm	properNoun	nor
Saltillo	properNoun	swe	Saltillo	properNoun	nor
Saltonstall	properNoun	swe	Saltonstall	properNoun	nor
Saltpond	properNoun	swe	Saltpond	properNoun	nor
Saltsjöbaden	properNoun	swe	Saltsjöbaden	properNoun	nor
Saltsjön	properNoun	swe	Saltsjön	properNoun	nor
Saltskogsfjärden	properNoun	swe	Saltskogsfjärden	properNoun	nor
Saltströmmen	properNoun	swe	Saltstraumen	properNoun	nor
Saltvik	properNoun	swe	Saltvik	properNoun	nor
Saluzzo	properNoun	swe	Saluzzo	properNoun	nor
Salvador Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Salvador Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Salvenach	properNoun	swe	Salvenach	properNoun	nor
Salzach	properNoun	swe	Salzach	properNoun	nor
Salzbergen	properNoun	swe	Salzbergen	properNoun	nor
Salzdahlum	properNoun	swe	Salzdahlum	properNoun	nor
Salze	properNoun	swe	Salze	properNoun	nor
Salzgitter	properNoun	swe	Salzgitter	properNoun	nor
Salzhemmendorf	properNoun	swe	Salzhemmendorf	properNoun	nor
Salzkotten	properNoun	swe	Salzkotten	properNoun	nor
Samar	properNoun	swe	Samar	properNoun	nor
Samara oblast	properNoun	swe	Samara oblast	properNoun	nor
Samara	properNoun	swe	Samara	properNoun	nor
Samarafloden	properNoun	swe	Samara	properNoun	nor
Samarafloden	properNoun	swe	Samaraelva	properNoun	nor
Samarinda	properNoun	swe	Samarinda	properNoun	nor
Samarra	properNoun	swe	Samarra	properNoun	nor
Sambir	properNoun	swe	Sambir	properNoun	nor
Sambre	properNoun	swe	Samber	properNoun	nor
Sambre	properNoun	swe	Sambre	properNoun	nor
Samedan	properNoun	swe	Samedan	properNoun	nor
Sameland	properNoun	swe	Sameland	properNoun	nor
Samelandsbron	properNoun	swe	Samelandsbrua	properNoun	nor
Samer	properNoun	swe	Samer	properNoun	nor
Samerådet	properNoun	swe	Samerådet	properNoun	nor
Samiska högskolan	properNoun	swe	Samisk høgskole	properNoun	nor
Samland	properNoun	swe	Samland	properNoun	nor
Sammallahdenmäki	properNoun	swe	Sammallahdenmäki	properNoun	nor
Samnaun	properNoun	swe	Samnaun	properNoun	nor
Samogitien	properNoun	swe	Samogitia	properNoun	nor
Samokov Knoll	properNoun	swe	Samokov Knoll	properNoun	nor
Samos	properNoun	swe	Sámos	properNoun	nor
Samothrake	properNoun	swe	Samothráki	properNoun	nor
Samothrake	properNoun	swe	Samothraki	properNoun	nor
Samoëns	properNoun	swe	Samoëns	properNoun	nor
Sample Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Sample Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Samsel	properNoun	swe	Samsel	properNoun	nor
Samsun	properNoun	swe	Samsun	properNoun	nor
Samsø	properNoun	swe	Samsø	properNoun	nor
Samuel Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Samuel Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Samväldet	properNoun	swe	Samveldet	properNoun	nor
San Andreasförkastningen	properNoun	swe	San Andreas-forkastinga	properNoun	nor
San Andreasförkastningen	properNoun	swe	San Andreas-forkastningen	properNoun	nor
San Andrés och Providencia	properNoun	swe	San Andrés y Providencia	properNoun	nor
San Andrés och Providencia	properNoun	swe	Øygruppa San Andrés	properNoun	nor
San Antonio	properNoun	swe	San Antonio	properNoun	nor
San Bernardinopasset	properNoun	swe	San Bernardino-passet	properNoun	nor
San Diego State University	properNoun	swe	San Diego State University	properNoun	nor
San Diego	properNoun	swe	San Diego	properNoun	nor
San Eladio	properNoun	swe	San Eladio	properNoun	nor
San Francesco della Vigna	properNoun	swe	San Francesco della Vigna	properNoun	nor
San Francisco	properNoun	swe	San Francisco	properNoun	nor
San Giorgio Maggiore	properNoun	swe	San Giorgio Maggiore	properNoun	nor
San Giovanni la Punta	properNoun	swe	San Giovanni la Punta	properNoun	nor
San Ignacio	properNoun	swe	San Ignacio	properNoun	nor
San José Pass	properNoun	swe	San Jose Pass	properNoun	nor
San José	properNoun	swe	San José	properNoun	nor
San Leandro	properNoun	swe	San Leandro	properNoun	nor
San Lorenzo fuori le Mura	properNoun	swe	San Lorenzo fuori le Mura	properNoun	nor
San Luis Potosí	properNoun	swe	San Luis Potosí	properNoun	nor
San Marino	properNoun	swe	San Marino	properNoun	nor
San Martín	properNoun	swe	San Martín	properNoun	nor
San Nicolás de los Arroyos	properNoun	swe	San Nicolás de los Arroyos	properNoun	nor
San Paolo fuori le Mura	properNoun	swe	Paulusbasilikaen utanfor murane	properNoun	nor
San Paolo fuori le Mura	properNoun	swe	Sankt Paul utenfor murene	properNoun	nor
San Pietro in Vincoli	properNoun	swe	San Pietro in Vincoli	properNoun	nor
San Prospero	properNoun	swe	San Prospero	properNoun	nor
San Quentin	properNoun	swe	San Quentin	properNoun	nor
San Remigio	properNoun	swe	San Remigio	properNoun	nor
San Salvador	properNoun	swe	San Salvador	properNoun	nor
San Sebastián de los Reyes	properNoun	swe	San Sebastián de los Reyes	properNoun	nor
San Sebastián	properNoun	swe	San Sebastián	properNoun	nor
San Silvestro in Capite	properNoun	swe	San Silvestro in Capite	properNoun	nor
San Vittore	properNoun	swe	San Vittore	properNoun	nor
Sandane flygplats	properNoun	swe	Sandane lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Sandanski Point	properNoun	swe	Sandanski Point	properNoun	nor
Sandared	properNoun	swe	Sandared	properNoun	nor
Sandarne	properNoun	swe	Sandarne	properNoun	nor
Sandau Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Sandau Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Sanday	properNoun	swe	Sanday	properNoun	nor
Sandbanks	properNoun	swe	Sandbanks	properNoun	nor
Sandby	properNoun	swe	Sandby	properNoun	nor
Sandeggtind	properNoun	swe	Sandeggtind	properNoun	nor
Sandercock Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Sandercock Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Sandersleben	properNoun	swe	Sandersleben	properNoun	nor
Sandesundbrua	properNoun	swe	Sandesundbrua	properNoun	nor
Sandhausen	properNoun	swe	Sandhausen	properNoun	nor
Sandhem	properNoun	swe	Sandhem	properNoun	nor
Sandhubel	properNoun	swe	Sandhubel	properNoun	nor
Sandhult	properNoun	swe	Sandhult	properNoun	nor
Sandhurst	properNoun	swe	Sandhurst	properNoun	nor
Sandhø	properNoun	swe	Sandhø	properNoun	nor
Sandilands Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Sandilands Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Sandkrug	properNoun	swe	Sandkrug	properNoun	nor
Sandnes kommun	properNoun	swe	Sandnes kommune	properNoun	nor
Sandnes kommun	properNoun	swe	Sandnes	properNoun	nor
Sandnessjøen flygplats	properNoun	swe	Sandnessjøen lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Sandnessjøen flygplats	properNoun	swe	Sandnessjøen lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Sandnessjøen	properNoun	swe	Sandnessjøen	properNoun	nor
Sandnessundbrua	properNoun	swe	Sandnessundbrua	properNoun	nor
Sandow	properNoun	swe	Sandow	properNoun	nor
Sandoy	properNoun	swe	Sandoy	properNoun	nor
Sandringham	properNoun	swe	Sandringham	properNoun	nor
Sandseten	properNoun	swe	Sandseten	properNoun	nor
Sandskogen	properNoun	swe	Sandskogen	properNoun	nor
Sandslån	properNoun	swe	Sandslån	properNoun	nor
Sandstedt	properNoun	swe	Sandstedt	properNoun	nor
Sandudds begravningsplats	properNoun	swe	Sandudds begravningsplats	properNoun	nor
Sandur	properNoun	swe	Sandur	properNoun	nor
Sandvika Storsenter	properNoun	swe	Sandvika Storsenter	properNoun	nor
Sandvikens kommun	properNoun	swe	Sandviken kommune	properNoun	nor
Sandvikselva	properNoun	swe	Sandvikselva	properNoun	nor
Sandvikvåg	properNoun	swe	Sandvikvåg	properNoun	nor
Sandweier	properNoun	swe	Sandweier	properNoun	nor
Sandwich	properNoun	swe	Sandwich	properNoun	nor
Sandžak	properNoun	swe	Sandžak	properNoun	nor
Sanetschhorn	properNoun	swe	Sanetschhorn	properNoun	nor
Sanford Valley	properNoun	swe	Sanford Valley	properNoun	nor
Sangerhausen	properNoun	swe	Sangerhausen	properNoun	nor
Sangerville	properNoun	swe	Sangerville	properNoun	nor
Sangis älv	properNoun	swe	Sangis älv	properNoun	nor
Sangis	properNoun	swe	Sangis	properNoun	nor
Sanica	properNoun	swe	Sanica	properNoun	nor
Sanitz	properNoun	swe	Sanitz	properNoun	nor
Sankt Andreasberg	properNoun	swe	Sankt Andreasberg	properNoun	nor
Sankt Anna am Aigen	properNoun	swe	Sankt Anna am Aigen	properNoun	nor
Sankt Annæ Plads	properNoun	swe	Sankt Annæ Plads	properNoun	nor
Sankt Augustin	properNoun	swe	Sankt Augustin	properNoun	nor
Sankt Gilgen	properNoun	swe	Sankt Gilgen	properNoun	nor
Sankt Marein im Mürztal	properNoun	swe	Sankt Marein im Mürztal	properNoun	nor
Sankt Margrethen	properNoun	swe	St. Margrethen	properNoun	nor
Sankt Niklaus	properNoun	swe	St. Niklaus	properNoun	nor
Sankt Olof	properNoun	swe	Sankt Olof	properNoun	nor
Sankt Petersburgs universitet	properNoun	swe	Statsuniversitetet i St. Petersburg	properNoun	nor
Sanluri	properNoun	swe	Sanluri	properNoun	nor
Sanlúcar de Barrameda	properNoun	swe	Sanlúcar de Barrameda	properNoun	nor
Sanmenxia	properNoun	swe	Sanmenxia	properNoun	nor
Sanming	properNoun	swe	Sanming	properNoun	nor
Sannahed	properNoun	swe	Sannahed	properNoun	nor
Sanok	properNoun	swe	Sanok	properNoun	nor
Sanremo	properNoun	swe	Sanremo	properNoun	nor
Sant Celoni	properNoun	swe	Sant Celoni	properNoun	nor
Sant Cugat del Vallès	properNoun	swe	Sant Cugat del Vallès	properNoun	nor
Santa Catarina	properNoun	swe	Santa Catarina	properNoun	nor
Santa Clarita	properNoun	swe	Santa Clarita	properNoun	nor
Santa Cruz de Tenerife	properNoun	swe	Santa Cruz de Tenerife	properNoun	nor
Santa Maria in Calanca	properNoun	swe	Santa Maria in Calanca	properNoun	nor
Santa Maria sopra Minerva	properNoun	swe	Santa Maria sopra Minerva	properNoun	nor
Santa Maria	properNoun	swe	Santa Maria	properNoun	nor
Santa Marta	properNoun	swe	Santa Marta	properNoun	nor
Santa Mesa	properNoun	swe	Santa Mesa	properNoun	nor
Santarém	properNoun	swe	Santarém	properNoun	nor
Santiago de Compostela	properNoun	swe	Santiago de Compostela	properNoun	nor
Santiago de Cuba	properNoun	swe	Santiago de Cuba	properNoun	nor
Santo Domingo	properNoun	swe	Santo Domingo	properNoun	nor
Santo Tomas	properNoun	swe	Santo Tomas	properNoun	nor
Santorini	properNoun	swe	Santorini	properNoun	nor
Santorini	properNoun	swe	Santoríni	properNoun	nor
Santos Dumontflygplatsen	properNoun	swe	Aeroporto Santos Dumont	properNoun	nor
Santos Dumontflygplatsen	properNoun	swe	Santos Dumont flyplass	properNoun	nor
Sant’Anna di Stazzema	properNoun	swe	Sant’Anna di Stazzema	properNoun	nor
Sao Vang flygplats	properNoun	swe	Sao Vang lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Sao Vang flygplats	properNoun	swe	Sao Vang lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Sapp Rocks	properNoun	swe	Sapp Rocks	properNoun	nor
Šar Planina	properNoun	swe	Šar Planina	properNoun	nor
Sarakino	properNoun	swe	Sarakinó	properNoun	nor
Saranda	properNoun	swe	Saranda	properNoun	nor
Saransk	properNoun	swe	Saransk	properNoun	nor
Sarapul	properNoun	swe	Sarapul	properNoun	nor
Saratov oblast	properNoun	swe	Saratov oblast	properNoun	nor
Sarcelles	properNoun	swe	Sarcelles	properNoun	nor
Sardinien	properNoun	swe	Sardinia	properNoun	nor
Sarek	properNoun	swe	Sarek	properNoun	nor
Sarektjåkkå	properNoun	swe	Sarektjåhkkå	properNoun	nor
Sarektjåkkå	properNoun	swe	Sarektjåkkå	properNoun	nor
Sarikei	properNoun	swe	Sarikei	properNoun	nor
Sarine	properNoun	swe	Sarine	properNoun	nor
Sarmenstorf	properNoun	swe	Sarmenstorf	properNoun	nor
Sarnen	properNoun	swe	Sarnen	properNoun	nor
Sarnoff Mountains	properNoun	swe	Sarnoff Mountains	properNoun	nor
Saroniska bukten	properNoun	swe	Saroniabukta	properNoun	nor
Saroniska öarna	properNoun	swe	De saroniske øyer	properNoun	nor
Saroniska öarna	properNoun	swe	Dei saroniske øyane	properNoun	nor
Sarrebourg	properNoun	swe	Sarrebourg	properNoun	nor
Sarreguemines	properNoun	swe	Sarreguemines	properNoun	nor
Sarstedt	properNoun	swe	Sarstedt	properNoun	nor
Sarthe	properNoun	swe	Sarthe	properNoun	nor
Sartrouville	properNoun	swe	Sartrouville	properNoun	nor
Sartène	properNoun	swe	Sartène	properNoun	nor
Sarzens	properNoun	swe	Sarzens	properNoun	nor
Sarāqib	properNoun	swe	Saraqib	properNoun	nor
Sasbach	properNoun	swe	Sasbach	properNoun	nor
Sassalb	properNoun	swe	Sassalb	properNoun	nor
Sassenberg	properNoun	swe	Sassenberg	properNoun	nor
Sasseneire	properNoun	swe	Sasseneire	properNoun	nor
Sassenrath	properNoun	swe	Sassenrath	properNoun	nor
Sassoferrato	properNoun	swe	Sassoferrato	properNoun	nor
Sassuolo	properNoun	swe	Sassuolo	properNoun	nor
Sastamala	properNoun	swe	Sastamala	properNoun	nor
Saterland	properNoun	swe	Saterland	properNoun	nor
Satigny	properNoun	swe	Satigny	properNoun	nor
Satita	properNoun	swe	Safita	properNoun	nor
Satpurabergen	properNoun	swe	Satpurafjella	properNoun	nor
Satu Mare	properNoun	swe	Satu Mare	properNoun	nor
Saturn IB	properNoun	swe	Saturn IB	properNoun	nor
Sauer	properNoun	swe	Sauer	properNoun	nor
Saugus	properNoun	swe	Saugus	properNoun	nor
Saules	properNoun	swe	Saules	properNoun	nor
Saumur	properNoun	swe	Saumur	properNoun	nor
Saunders Coast	properNoun	swe	Saunders Coast	properNoun	nor
Saunders Rock	properNoun	swe	Saunders Rock	properNoun	nor
Sautso	properNoun	swe	Sautso	properNoun	nor
Savage Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Savage Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Savagnier	properNoun	swe	Savagnier	properNoun	nor
Savanne	properNoun	swe	Savanne	properNoun	nor
Saverdun	properNoun	swe	Saverdun	properNoun	nor
Savigliano	properNoun	swe	Savigliano	properNoun	nor
Savin Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Savin Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Savognin	properNoun	swe	Savognin	properNoun	nor
Savoie	properNoun	swe	Savoie	properNoun	nor
Savojen	properNoun	swe	Savoie	properNoun	nor
Savona	properNoun	swe	Savona	properNoun	nor
Savosa	properNoun	swe	Savosa	properNoun	nor
Savoy Theatre	properNoun	swe	Savoy Theatre	properNoun	nor
Savusjön	properNoun	swe	Savuhavet	properNoun	nor
Savusjön	properNoun	swe	Savusjøen	properNoun	nor
Sawbridgeworth	properNoun	swe	Sawbridgeworth	properNoun	nor
Sawert Rocks	properNoun	swe	Sawert Rocks	properNoun	nor
Sawyer Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Sawyer Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Saxby Pass	properNoun	swe	Saxby Pass	properNoun	nor
Saxby Range	properNoun	swe	Saxby Range	properNoun	nor
Saxdalen	properNoun	swe	Saxdalen	properNoun	nor
Saxeten	properNoun	swe	Saxeten	properNoun	nor
Saxmundham	properNoun	swe	Saxmundham	properNoun	nor
Saxton Ridge	properNoun	swe	Saxton Ridge	properNoun	nor
Saxtorpsskogen	properNoun	swe	Saxtorpsskogen	properNoun	nor
Saxum Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Saxum Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Saxån	properNoun	swe	Saxån	properNoun	nor
Sayer Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Sayer Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Saône	properNoun	swe	Saône	properNoun	nor
Sbrosovoye Lake	properNoun	swe	Sbrosovoye Lake	properNoun	nor
Scallop Hill	properNoun	swe	Scallop Hill	properNoun	nor
Scallop Ridge	properNoun	swe	Scallop Ridge	properNoun	nor
Scalloway	properNoun	swe	Scalloway	properNoun	nor
Scalpay	properNoun	swe	Scalpay	properNoun	nor
Scandiano	properNoun	swe	Scandiano	properNoun	nor
Scandinavium	properNoun	swe	Scandinavium	properNoun	nor
Scapa Flow	properNoun	swe	Scapa Flow	properNoun	nor
Scarborough	properNoun	swe	Scarborough	properNoun	nor
Scarpe	properNoun	swe	Scarpe	properNoun	nor
Scend Rocks	properNoun	swe	Scend Rocks	properNoun	nor
Schaalsee	properNoun	swe	Schaalsee	properNoun	nor
Schaan	properNoun	swe	Schaan	properNoun	nor
Schabernack	properNoun	swe	Schabernack	properNoun	nor
Schackendorf	properNoun	swe	Schackendorf	properNoun	nor
Schafarnisch	properNoun	swe	Schafarnisch	properNoun	nor
Schafisheim	properNoun	swe	Schafisheim	properNoun	nor
Schale	properNoun	swe	Schale	properNoun	nor
Schalihorn	properNoun	swe	Schalihorn	properNoun	nor
Schalkau	properNoun	swe	Schalkau	properNoun	nor
Schalkenmehren	properNoun	swe	Schalkenmehren	properNoun	nor
Schalunen	properNoun	swe	Schalunen	properNoun	nor
Schangnau	properNoun	swe	Schangnau	properNoun	nor
Scharans	properNoun	swe	Scharans	properNoun	nor
Scharfenberg	properNoun	swe	Scharfenberg	properNoun	nor
Scharfenstein	properNoun	swe	Scharfenstein	properNoun	nor
Scharnebeck	properNoun	swe	Scharnebeck	properNoun	nor
Scharnitz	properNoun	swe	Scharnitz	properNoun	nor
Scharrel	properNoun	swe	Scharrel	properNoun	nor
Schattenbergbacken	properNoun	swe	Schattenberg-bakken	properNoun	nor
Schattenbergbacken	properNoun	swe	Schattenbergbakken	properNoun	nor
Schattenhalb	properNoun	swe	Schattenhalb	properNoun	nor
Schauinsland	properNoun	swe	Schauinsland	properNoun	nor
Scheer	properNoun	swe	Scheer	properNoun	nor
Scheeßel	properNoun	swe	Scheeßel	properNoun	nor
Scheid	properNoun	swe	Scheid	properNoun	nor
Scheidt	properNoun	swe	Scheidt	properNoun	nor
Scheimpflug Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Scheimpflug Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Schelde	properNoun	swe	Schelde	properNoun	nor
Schelklingen	properNoun	swe	Schelklingen	properNoun	nor
Schell	properNoun	swe	Schell	properNoun	nor
Schellberg	properNoun	swe	Schellberg	properNoun	nor
Schelldorf	properNoun	swe	Schelldorf	properNoun	nor
Schellenberg	properNoun	swe	Schellenberg	properNoun	nor
Schelten	properNoun	swe	Schelten	properNoun	nor
Schenadüi	properNoun	swe	Schenadüi	properNoun	nor
Schermbeck	properNoun	swe	Schermbeck	properNoun	nor
Scherz	properNoun	swe	Scherz	properNoun	nor
Scheuchzerhorn	properNoun	swe	Scheuchzerhorn	properNoun	nor
Scheuer	properNoun	swe	Scheuer	properNoun	nor
Scheunen	properNoun	swe	Scheunen	properNoun	nor
Scheuren Stream	properNoun	swe	Scheuren Stream	properNoun	nor
Scheuren	properNoun	swe	Scheuren	properNoun	nor
Scheven	properNoun	swe	Scheven	properNoun	nor
Schevill	properNoun	swe	Schevill	properNoun	nor
Schiedam	properNoun	swe	Schiedam	properNoun	nor
Schieder	properNoun	swe	Schieder	properNoun	nor
Schiedlberg	properNoun	swe	Schiedlberg	properNoun	nor
Schiefelbusch	properNoun	swe	Schiefelbusch	properNoun	nor
Schieren	properNoun	swe	Schieren	properNoun	nor
Schiermonnikoog	properNoun	swe	Schiermonnikoog	properNoun	nor
Schiers	properNoun	swe	Schiers	properNoun	nor
Schijenflue	properNoun	swe	Schijenflue	properNoun	nor
Schildberg	properNoun	swe	Schildberg	properNoun	nor
Schildflue	properNoun	swe	Schildflue	properNoun	nor
Schillig	properNoun	swe	Schillig	properNoun	nor
Schiltach	properNoun	swe	Schiltach	properNoun	nor
Schinhorn	properNoun	swe	Schinhorn	properNoun	nor
Schirmacher Massif	properNoun	swe	Schirmacher Massif	properNoun	nor
Schirmacheroasen	properNoun	swe	Schirmacheroasen	properNoun	nor
Schist Point	properNoun	swe	Schist Point	properNoun	nor
Schkopau	properNoun	swe	Schkopau	properNoun	nor
Schladming	properNoun	swe	Schladming	properNoun	nor
Schlangen	properNoun	swe	Schlangen	properNoun	nor
Schlangenbad	properNoun	swe	Schlangenbad	properNoun	nor
Schlaube	properNoun	swe	Schlaube	properNoun	nor
Schlebusch	properNoun	swe	Schlebusch	properNoun	nor
Schleiden	properNoun	swe	Schleiden	properNoun	nor
Schleife	properNoun	swe	Schleife	properNoun	nor
Schlesien	properNoun	swe	Schlesien	properNoun	nor
Schlesiens vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Schlesiske voivodskap	properNoun	nor
Schleswig	properNoun	swe	Slesvig	properNoun	nor
Schleuse	properNoun	swe	Schleuse	properNoun	nor
Schleusegrund	properNoun	swe	Schleusegrund	properNoun	nor
Schleusingen	properNoun	swe	Schleusingen	properNoun	nor
Schliersee	properNoun	swe	Schliersee	properNoun	nor
Schloredt Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Schloredt Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Schlossrued	properNoun	swe	Schlossrued	properNoun	nor
Schlosswil	properNoun	swe	Schlosswil	properNoun	nor
Schlotheim	properNoun	swe	Schlotheim	properNoun	nor
Schloß Holte	properNoun	swe	Schloß Holte	properNoun	nor
Schloß Neuhaus	properNoun	swe	Schloß Neuhaus	properNoun	nor
Schluchhorn	properNoun	swe	Schluchhorn	properNoun	nor
Schluein	properNoun	swe	Schluein	properNoun	nor
Schlüechtli	properNoun	swe	Schlüechtli	properNoun	nor
Schlüssel	properNoun	swe	Schlüssel	properNoun	nor
Schlüsselburg	properNoun	swe	Schlüsselburg	properNoun	nor
Schmalfeld	properNoun	swe	Schmalfeld	properNoun	nor
Schmallenberg	properNoun	swe	Schmallenberg	properNoun	nor
Schmidmühlen	properNoun	swe	Schmidmühlen	properNoun	nor
Schmidt Hills	properNoun	swe	Schmidt Hills	properNoun	nor
Schmidt Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Schmidt Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Schmiechen	properNoun	swe	Schmiechen	properNoun	nor
Schmiedeberg	properNoun	swe	Schmiedeberg	properNoun	nor
Schmiedrued	properNoun	swe	Schmiedrued	properNoun	nor
Schmitt Mesa	properNoun	swe	Schmitt Mesa	properNoun	nor
Schmitten	properNoun	swe	Schmitten	properNoun	nor
Schmutzler Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Schmutzler Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Schnaus	properNoun	swe	Schnaus	properNoun	nor
Schnebelhorn	properNoun	swe	Schnebelhorn	properNoun	nor
Schnee	properNoun	swe	Schnee	properNoun	nor
Schneeberg	properNoun	swe	Schneeberg	properNoun	nor
Schneestock	properNoun	swe	Schneestock	properNoun	nor
Schneider Hills	properNoun	swe	Schneider Hills	properNoun	nor
Schneider Rock	properNoun	swe	Schneider Rock	properNoun	nor
Schneisingen	properNoun	swe	Schneisingen	properNoun	nor
Schneverdingen	properNoun	swe	Schneverdingen	properNoun	nor
Schnidehorn	properNoun	swe	Schnidehorn	properNoun	nor
Schobert Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Schobert Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Scholven	properNoun	swe	Scholven	properNoun	nor
Schonach	properNoun	swe	Schonach	properNoun	nor
Schondorf am Ammersee	properNoun	swe	Schondorf am Ammersee	properNoun	nor
Schoofs Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Schoofs Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Schopfenspitz	properNoun	swe	Schopfenspitz	properNoun	nor
Schorndorf	properNoun	swe	Schorndorf	properNoun	nor
Schortens	properNoun	swe	Schortens	properNoun	nor
Schoten	properNoun	swe	Schoten	properNoun	nor
Schoutenöarna	properNoun	swe	Schoutenøyane	properNoun	nor
Schrandele	properNoun	swe	Schrandele	properNoun	nor
Schrankogel	properNoun	swe	Schrankogel	properNoun	nor
Schreck	properNoun	swe	Schreck	properNoun	nor
Schreckenberg	properNoun	swe	Schreckenberg	properNoun	nor
Schreckhorn	properNoun	swe	Schreckhorn	properNoun	nor
Schreiberbach	properNoun	swe	Schreiberbach	properNoun	nor
Schriesheim	properNoun	swe	Schriesheim	properNoun	nor
Schroeder Hill	properNoun	swe	Schroeder Hill	properNoun	nor
Schrotzberg	properNoun	swe	Schrotzberg	properNoun	nor
Schrozberg	properNoun	swe	Schrozberg	properNoun	nor
Schruns	properNoun	swe	Schruns	properNoun	nor
Schröttinghausen	properNoun	swe	Schröttinghausen	properNoun	nor
Schulte Hills	properNoun	swe	Schulte Hills	properNoun	nor
Schulz Crag	properNoun	swe	Schulz Crag	properNoun	nor
Schulz Point	properNoun	swe	Schulz Point	properNoun	nor
Schumacherfjellet	properNoun	swe	Schumacherfjellet	properNoun	nor
Schumann Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Schumann Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Schupfart	properNoun	swe	Schupfart	properNoun	nor
Schussen	properNoun	swe	Schussen	properNoun	nor
Schwabach	properNoun	swe	Schwabach	properNoun	nor
Schwaderloch	properNoun	swe	Schwaderloch	properNoun	nor
Schwadernau	properNoun	swe	Schwadernau	properNoun	nor
Schwadorf	properNoun	swe	Schwadorf	properNoun	nor
Schwaigern	properNoun	swe	Schwaigern	properNoun	nor
Schwalenberg	properNoun	swe	Schwalenberg	properNoun	nor
Schwalmere	properNoun	swe	Schwalmere	properNoun	nor
Schwalmtal	properNoun	swe	Schwalmtal	properNoun	nor
Schwanden bei Brienz	properNoun	swe	Schwanden bei Brienz	properNoun	nor
Schwanen	properNoun	swe	Schwanen	properNoun	nor
Schwanewede	properNoun	swe	Schwanewede	properNoun	nor
Schwanheim	properNoun	swe	Schwanheim	properNoun	nor
Schwartz Range	properNoun	swe	Schwartz Range	properNoun	nor
Schwarzach	properNoun	swe	Schwarzach	properNoun	nor
Schwarzbach	properNoun	swe	Schwarzbach	properNoun	nor
Schwarzberghorn	properNoun	swe	Schwarzberghorn	properNoun	nor
Schwarze Elster	properNoun	swe	Schwarze Elster	properNoun	nor
Schwarzenbach	properNoun	swe	Schwarzenbach	properNoun	nor
Schwarzenbruck	properNoun	swe	Schwarzenbruck	properNoun	nor
Schwarzer See	properNoun	swe	Schwarzer See	properNoun	nor
Schwarzes Moos	properNoun	swe	Schwarzes Moos	properNoun	nor
Schwarzhäusern	properNoun	swe	Schwarzhäusern	properNoun	nor
Schwarzmönch	properNoun	swe	Schwarzmönch	properNoun	nor
Schwarzwald	properNoun	swe	Schwarzwald	properNoun	nor
Schwaz	properNoun	swe	Schwaz	properNoun	nor
Schwechat	properNoun	swe	Schwechat	properNoun	nor
Schweinfurt	properNoun	swe	Schweinfurt	properNoun	nor
Schweizerhalle	properNoun	swe	Schweizerhalle	properNoun	nor
Schweiziska alperna	properNoun	swe	Dei sveitsiske Alpane	properNoun	nor
Schweiziska mittlandet	properNoun	swe	Det sveitsiske platået	properNoun	nor
Schweiziska mittlandet	properNoun	swe	Mittelland	properNoun	nor
Schwelentrup	properNoun	swe	Schwelentrup	properNoun	nor
Schwellbrunn	properNoun	swe	Schwellbrunn	properNoun	nor
Schwelle	properNoun	swe	Schwelle	properNoun	nor
Schwelm	properNoun	swe	Schwelm	properNoun	nor
Schwende	properNoun	swe	Schwende	properNoun	nor
Schwendi	properNoun	swe	Schwendi	properNoun	nor
Schwendibach	properNoun	swe	Schwendibach	properNoun	nor
Schwenningen	properNoun	swe	Schwenningen	properNoun	nor
Schwentine	properNoun	swe	Schwentine	properNoun	nor
Schweriner See	properNoun	swe	Schweriner See	properNoun	nor
Schwerte	properNoun	swe	Schwerte	properNoun	nor
Schwetzingen	properNoun	swe	Schwetzingen	properNoun	nor
Schwielowsee	properNoun	swe	Schwielowsee	properNoun	nor
Schwäbisch Gmünd	properNoun	swe	Schwäbisch Gmünd	properNoun	nor
Schwäbische Alb	properNoun	swe	Schwabisk Alb	properNoun	nor
Schwäbische Alb	properNoun	swe	Schwäbische Alb	properNoun	nor
Schynige Platte	properNoun	swe	Schynige Platte	properNoun	nor
Schächental	properNoun	swe	Schächental	properNoun	nor
Schöftland	properNoun	swe	Schöftland	properNoun	nor
Schöller	properNoun	swe	Schöller	properNoun	nor
Schömberg	properNoun	swe	Schömberg	properNoun	nor
Schönau am Königssee	properNoun	swe	Schönau am Königssee	properNoun	nor
Schönau im Schwarzwald	properNoun	swe	Schönau im Schwarzwald	properNoun	nor
Schönau	properNoun	swe	Schönau	properNoun	nor
Schönberg im Stubaital	properNoun	swe	Schönberg im Stubaital	properNoun	nor
Schönebeck	properNoun	swe	Schönebeck	properNoun	nor
Schöneberg	properNoun	swe	Schöneberg	properNoun	nor
Schöneborn	properNoun	swe	Schöneborn	properNoun	nor
Schöneiche bei Berlin	properNoun	swe	Schöneiche bei Berlin	properNoun	nor
Schönenbach	properNoun	swe	Schönenbach	properNoun	nor
Schönenberg	properNoun	swe	Schönenberg	properNoun	nor
Schönenbuch	properNoun	swe	Schönenbuch	properNoun	nor
Schönengrund	properNoun	swe	Schönengrund	properNoun	nor
Schönhagen	properNoun	swe	Schönhagen	properNoun	nor
Schönhausen	properNoun	swe	Schönhausen	properNoun	nor
Schöningen	properNoun	swe	Schöningen	properNoun	nor
Schönkirchen	properNoun	swe	Schönkirchen	properNoun	nor
Schönstedt	properNoun	swe	Schönstedt	properNoun	nor
Schöntal	properNoun	swe	Schöntal	properNoun	nor
Schönthal	properNoun	swe	Schönthal	properNoun	nor
Schöpfl	properNoun	swe	Schöpfl	properNoun	nor
Schüpfen	properNoun	swe	Schüpfen	properNoun	nor
Schüren	properNoun	swe	Schüren	properNoun	nor
Scillyöarna	properNoun	swe	Scillyøyane	properNoun	nor
Scillyöarna	properNoun	swe	Scillyøyene	properNoun	nor
Sciora Dafora	properNoun	swe	Sciora Dafora	properNoun	nor
Scone	properNoun	swe	Scone	properNoun	nor
Scopi	properNoun	swe	Scopi	properNoun	nor
Score Ridge	properNoun	swe	Score Ridge	properNoun	nor
Scotiahavet	properNoun	swe	Scotiahavet	properNoun	nor
Scotland Yard	properNoun	swe	New Scotland Yard	properNoun	nor
Scotland Yard	properNoun	swe	Scotland Yard	properNoun	nor
Scott Coast	properNoun	swe	Scott Coast	properNoun	nor
Scott Cone	properNoun	swe	Scott Cone	properNoun	nor
Scott Polar Research Institute	properNoun	swe	Scott Polar Research Institute	properNoun	nor
Scott Uplands	properNoun	swe	Scott Uplands	properNoun	nor
Scottish Borders	properNoun	swe	Scottish Borders	properNoun	nor
Scottsdale	properNoun	swe	Scottsdale	properNoun	nor
Scrabster	properNoun	swe	Scrabster	properNoun	nor
Scripps Institution of Oceanography	properNoun	swe	Scripps Institution of Oceanography	properNoun	nor
Scripps	properNoun	swe	Scripps	properNoun	nor
Scudder Mountain	properNoun	swe	Scudder Mountain	properNoun	nor
Scullin Monolith	properNoun	swe	Scullin monolith	properNoun	nor
Scully Terrace	properNoun	swe	Scully Terrace	properNoun	nor
Sculpture Mountain	properNoun	swe	Sculpture Mountain	properNoun	nor
Scuol	properNoun	swe	Scuol	properNoun	nor
Scuttle Valley	properNoun	swe	Scuttle Valley	properNoun	nor
Scythian Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Scythian Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Sde Boker	properNoun	swe	Sde Boker	properNoun	nor
Sderot	properNoun	swe	Sderot	properNoun	nor
Sdot Yam	properNoun	swe	Sdot Yam	properNoun	nor
Sea Cliff	properNoun	swe	Sea Cliff	properNoun	nor
Sea Lion Tarn	properNoun	swe	Sea Lion Tarn	properNoun	nor
Seabee Heights	properNoun	swe	Seabee Heights	properNoun	nor
Seabee Hook	properNoun	swe	Seabee Hook	properNoun	nor
Seacatch Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Seacatch Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Seaford	properNoun	swe	Seaford	properNoun	nor
Sealand	properNoun	swe	Sealand	properNoun	nor
Sealer Hill	properNoun	swe	Sealer Hill	properNoun	nor
Seaplane Point	properNoun	swe	Seaplane Point	properNoun	nor
Seavers Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Seavers Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Seavers Ridge	properNoun	swe	Seavers Ridge	properNoun	nor
Seay Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Seay Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Sebnitz	properNoun	swe	Sebnitz	properNoun	nor
Seck	properNoun	swe	Seck	properNoun	nor
Seckach	properNoun	swe	Seckach	properNoun	nor
Secluded Rocks	properNoun	swe	Secluded Rocks	properNoun	nor
Second Crater	properNoun	swe	Second Crater	properNoun	nor
Sedalia	properNoun	swe	Sedalia	properNoun	nor
Sedan	properNoun	swe	Sedan	properNoun	nor
Sedbergh	properNoun	swe	Sedbergh	properNoun	nor
Seddiner See	properNoun	swe	Seddiner See	properNoun	nor
Seddinsee	properNoun	swe	Seddinsee	properNoun	nor
Sedgefield	properNoun	swe	Sedgefield	properNoun	nor
See Nunatak	properNoun	swe	See Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Seeburg	properNoun	swe	Seeburg	properNoun	nor
Seedorf	properNoun	swe	Seedorf	properNoun	nor
Seedsman	properNoun	swe	Seedsman	properNoun	nor
Seefeld in Tirol	properNoun	swe	Seefeld in Tirol	properNoun	nor
Seehof	properNoun	swe	Seehof	properNoun	nor
Seehore	properNoun	swe	Seehore	properNoun	nor
Seelbach	properNoun	swe	Seelbach	properNoun	nor
Seely Ridge	properNoun	swe	Seely Ridge	properNoun	nor
Seengen	properNoun	swe	Seengen	properNoun	nor
Seeste	properNoun	swe	Seeste	properNoun	nor
Seetalhorn	properNoun	swe	Seetalhorn	properNoun	nor
Seeth	properNoun	swe	Seeth	properNoun	nor
Seevetal	properNoun	swe	Seevetal	properNoun	nor
Seewen	properNoun	swe	Seewen	properNoun	nor
Seewis	properNoun	swe	Seewis	properNoun	nor
Seeztal	properNoun	swe	Seeztal	properNoun	nor
Seftigen	properNoun	swe	Seftigen	properNoun	nor
Segalstad bru	properNoun	swe	Segalstad bru	properNoun	nor
Sege å	properNoun	swe	Sege å	properNoun	nor
Segersjön	properNoun	swe	Segersjön	properNoun	nor
Segersta	properNoun	swe	Segersta	properNoun	nor
Segezja	properNoun	swe	Segezja	properNoun	nor
Segmon	properNoun	swe	Segmon	properNoun	nor
Segovia	properNoun	swe	Segovia	properNoun	nor
Segré	properNoun	swe	Segré	properNoun	nor
Segura	properNoun	swe	Segura	properNoun	nor
Sehnde	properNoun	swe	Sehnde	properNoun	nor
Seidenfaden	properNoun	swe	Seidenfaden	properNoun	nor
Seidensticker	properNoun	swe	Seidensticker	properNoun	nor
Seikantunneln	properNoun	swe	Seikantunnelen	properNoun	nor
Seiland nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Seiland nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Seiland	properNoun	swe	Seiland	properNoun	nor
Seilandsjøkelen	properNoun	swe	Seilandsjøkelen	properNoun	nor
Seimsfoss	properNoun	swe	Seimsfoss	properNoun	nor
Seine	properNoun	swe	Seinen	properNoun	nor
Seinäjoki	properNoun	swe	Seinäjoki	properNoun	nor
Sejerø	properNoun	swe	Sejerø	properNoun	nor
Sejm	properNoun	swe	Sejm	properNoun	nor
Sejm	properNoun	swe	Sejmen	properNoun	nor
Selaön	properNoun	swe	Selaön	properNoun	nor
Selbjørn	properNoun	swe	Selbjørn	properNoun	nor
Selbjørnsfjorden	properNoun	swe	Selbjørnsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Selby	properNoun	swe	Selby	properNoun	nor
Sele	properNoun	swe	Sele	properNoun	nor
Selene Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Selene Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Selenga	properNoun	swe	Selenga	properNoun	nor
Selenter See	properNoun	swe	Selenter See	properNoun	nor
Selfkant	properNoun	swe	Selfkant	properNoun	nor
Selfors kyrka	properNoun	swe	Selfors kirke	properNoun	nor
Selfors kyrka	properNoun	swe	Selfors kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Selfors	properNoun	swe	Selfors	properNoun	nor
Selfoss	properNoun	swe	Selfoss	properNoun	nor
Selja	properNoun	swe	Selja	properNoun	nor
Seljalandsfoss	properNoun	swe	Seljalandsfoss	properNoun	nor
Selje kloster	properNoun	swe	Selje kloster	properNoun	nor
Selk	properNoun	swe	Selk	properNoun	nor
Selke	properNoun	swe	Selke	properNoun	nor
Selm	properNoun	swe	Selm	properNoun	nor
Selsey	properNoun	swe	Selsey	properNoun	nor
Selter	properNoun	swe	Selter	properNoun	nor
Seltisberg	properNoun	swe	Seltisberg	properNoun	nor
Seltjarnarnes	properNoun	swe	Seltjarnarnes	properNoun	nor
Selvagem Grande	properNoun	swe	Selvagem Grande	properNoun	nor
Selvagensöarna	properNoun	swe	Selvagensøyane	properNoun	nor
Selvagensöarna	properNoun	swe	Selvagensøyene	properNoun	nor
Selångersån	properNoun	swe	Selångersån	properNoun	nor
Semgallen	properNoun	swe	Zemgale	properNoun	nor
Semmering	properNoun	swe	Semmering	properNoun	nor
Semperoper	properNoun	swe	Semperoper	properNoun	nor
Semsales	properNoun	swe	Semsales	properNoun	nor
Semsvannet	properNoun	swe	Semsvannet	properNoun	nor
Senador Rui Palmeira	properNoun	swe	Senador Rui Palmeira	properNoun	nor
Senarclens	properNoun	swe	Senarclens	properNoun	nor
Sendai	properNoun	swe	Sendai	properNoun	nor
Sende	properNoun	swe	Sende	properNoun	nor
Senden	properNoun	swe	Senden	properNoun	nor
Sendenhorst	properNoun	swe	Sendenhorst	properNoun	nor
Senegalfloden	properNoun	swe	Senegal	properNoun	nor
Senegalfloden	properNoun	swe	Senegalelva	properNoun	nor
Senggchuppa	properNoun	swe	Senggchuppa	properNoun	nor
Sengilej	properNoun	swe	Sengilej	properNoun	nor
Senia Point	properNoun	swe	Senia Point	properNoun	nor
Senigallia	properNoun	swe	Senigallia	properNoun	nor
Senlis	properNoun	swe	Senlis	properNoun	nor
Sennan	properNoun	swe	Sennan	properNoun	nor
Sennelager	properNoun	swe	Sennelager	properNoun	nor
Sens	properNoun	swe	Sens	properNoun	nor
Sense	properNoun	swe	Sense	properNoun	nor
Sent	properNoun	swe	Sent	properNoun	nor
Sentinel Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Sentinel Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Sentry Rocks	properNoun	swe	Sentry Rocks	properNoun	nor
Senèdes	properNoun	swe	Senèdes	properNoun	nor
Seon	properNoun	swe	Seon	properNoun	nor
Separation Range	properNoun	swe	Separation Range	properNoun	nor
Seramsjön	properNoun	swe	Seramhavet	properNoun	nor
Seramsjön	properNoun	swe	Seramsjøen	properNoun	nor
Serbien och Montenegro	properNoun	swe	Serbia og Montenegro	properNoun	nor
Serchio	properNoun	swe	Serchio	properNoun	nor
Seremban	properNoun	swe	Seremban	properNoun	nor
Serengeti	properNoun	swe	Serengeti	properNoun	nor
Sergijev Posad	properNoun	swe	Sergijev Posad	properNoun	nor
Sergipe	properNoun	swe	Sergipe	properNoun	nor
Serian	properNoun	swe	Serian	properNoun	nor
Serifos	properNoun	swe	Sérifos	properNoun	nor
Serles	properNoun	swe	Serles	properNoun	nor
Sermoneta	properNoun	swe	Sermoneta	properNoun	nor
Serov	properNoun	swe	Serov	properNoun	nor
Serpent Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Serpent Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Serpentine	properNoun	swe	Serpentine	properNoun	nor
Serpuchov	properNoun	swe	Serpukhov	properNoun	nor
Serra da Estrela	properNoun	swe	Serra da Estrela	properNoun	nor
Serra de Tramuntana	properNoun	swe	Serra de Tramuntana	properNoun	nor
Serrai	properNoun	swe	Serres	properNoun	nor
Serrai	properNoun	swe	Sérres	properNoun	nor
Serravalle	properNoun	swe	Serravalle	properNoun	nor
Servion	properNoun	swe	Servion	properNoun	nor
Seskarö	properNoun	swe	Seskarö	properNoun	nor
Sessrumnir Valley	properNoun	swe	Sessrumnir Valley	properNoun	nor
Sesto San Giovanni	properNoun	swe	Sesto San Giovanni	properNoun	nor
Sestriere	properNoun	swe	Sestriere	properNoun	nor
Sestrunj	properNoun	swe	Sestrunj	properNoun	nor
Setermoen	properNoun	swe	Setermoen	properNoun	nor
Setesdalen	properNoun	swe	Setesdal	properNoun	nor
Setesdalsbanen	properNoun	swe	Setesdalsbanen	properNoun	nor
Sette	properNoun	swe	Sette	properNoun	nor
Settimo Torinese	properNoun	swe	Settimo Torinese	properNoun	nor
Settle	properNoun	swe	Settle	properNoun	nor
Setzehorn	properNoun	swe	Setzehorn	properNoun	nor
Sevansjön	properNoun	swe	Sevansjøen	properNoun	nor
Sevar Point	properNoun	swe	Sevar Point	properNoun	nor
Sevastopol	properNoun	swe	Sevastopol	properNoun	nor
Sevenoaks	properNoun	swe	Sevenoaks	properNoun	nor
Severn	properNoun	swe	Severn	properNoun	nor
Severnaja Zemlja	properNoun	swe	Severnaja Zemlja	properNoun	nor
Severodvinsk	properNoun	swe	Severodvinsk	properNoun	nor
Severomorsk	properNoun	swe	Severomorsk	properNoun	nor
Severouralsk	properNoun	swe	Severouralsk	properNoun	nor
Seversk	properNoun	swe	Seversk	properNoun	nor
Sevgein	properNoun	swe	Sevgein	properNoun	nor
Sevier Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Sevier Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Sevilla FC	properNoun	swe	Sevilla FC	properNoun	nor
Sex Noir	properNoun	swe	Sex Noir	properNoun	nor
Sex de Marinda	properNoun	swe	Sex de Marinda	properNoun	nor
Sexdrega	properNoun	swe	Sexdrega	properNoun	nor
Seysses	properNoun	swe	Seysses	properNoun	nor
Seyðisfjörður	properNoun	swe	Seyðisfjörður	properNoun	nor
Sfinksskolten	properNoun	swe	Sfinksskolten	properNoun	nor
Shaanxi	properNoun	swe	Shaanxi	properNoun	nor
Shabtaie Ice Ridge	properNoun	swe	Shabtaie Ice Ridge	properNoun	nor
Shackleton Coast	properNoun	swe	Shackleton Coast	properNoun	nor
Shackletonkjeda	properNoun	swe	Shackletonkjeda	properNoun	nor
Shadbolt	properNoun	swe	Shadbolt	properNoun	nor
Shadwell	properNoun	swe	Shadwell	properNoun	nor
Shaftesbury	properNoun	swe	Shaftesbury	properNoun	nor
Shahbā	properNoun	swe	Shahba	properNoun	nor
Shandong	properNoun	swe	Shandong	properNoun	nor
Shangluo	properNoun	swe	Shangluo	properNoun	nor
Shangqiu	properNoun	swe	Shangqiu	properNoun	nor
Shangrao	properNoun	swe	Shangrao	properNoun	nor
Shanhaiguan	properNoun	swe	Shanhaiguan	properNoun	nor
Shannon	properNoun	swe	Shannonelva	properNoun	nor
Shantou	properNoun	swe	Shantou	properNoun	nor
Shanwei	properNoun	swe	Shanwei	properNoun	nor
Shanxi	properNoun	swe	Shanxi	properNoun	nor
Shaoguan	properNoun	swe	Shaoguan	properNoun	nor
Shaoxing	properNoun	swe	Shaoxing	properNoun	nor
Shaoyang	properNoun	swe	Shaoyang	properNoun	nor
Shapeless Mountain	properNoun	swe	Shapeless Mountain	properNoun	nor
Shapley Ridge	properNoun	swe	Shapley Ridge	properNoun	nor
Sharbonneau	properNoun	swe	Sharbonneau	properNoun	nor
Shark Bay	properNoun	swe	Shark Bay	properNoun	nor
Sharp Valley	properNoun	swe	Sharp Valley	properNoun	nor
Shear	properNoun	swe	Shear	properNoun	nor
Sheep Creek	properNoun	swe	Sheep Creek	properNoun	nor
Sheerness	properNoun	swe	Sheerness	properNoun	nor
Shefford	properNoun	swe	Shefford	properNoun	nor
Shehybergen	properNoun	swe	Shehyfjella	properNoun	nor
Shelf	properNoun	swe	Shelf	properNoun	nor
Shelton Head	properNoun	swe	Shelton Head	properNoun	nor
Shelton Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Shelton Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Shennongjia	properNoun	swe	Shennongjia	properNoun	nor
Shenzhen	properNoun	swe	Shenzhen	properNoun	nor
Shepherd Dome	properNoun	swe	Shepherd Dome	properNoun	nor
Sheppard Crater	properNoun	swe	Sheppard Crater	properNoun	nor
Sheppard Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Sheppard Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Sheppard Rocks	properNoun	swe	Sheppard Rocks	properNoun	nor
Shepton Mallet	properNoun	swe	Shepton Mallet	properNoun	nor
Sherborne	properNoun	swe	Sherborne	properNoun	nor
Sherburne	properNoun	swe	Sherburne	properNoun	nor
Sheringham	properNoun	swe	Sheringham	properNoun	nor
Sherlac Point	properNoun	swe	Sherlac Point	properNoun	nor
Shetlandsöarna	properNoun	swe	Shetland	properNoun	nor
Shetlandsöarna	properNoun	swe	Shetlandsøyane	properNoun	nor
Shield Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Shield Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Shijiazhuang	properNoun	swe	Shijiazhuang	properNoun	nor
Shikoku	properNoun	swe	Shikoku	properNoun	nor
Shildon	properNoun	swe	Shildon	properNoun	nor
Shipstern	properNoun	swe	Shipstern	properNoun	nor
Shirase Coast	properNoun	swe	Shirase Coast	properNoun	nor
Shire Hall	properNoun	swe	Shire Hall	properNoun	nor
Shirehampton	properNoun	swe	Shirehampton	properNoun	nor
Shirreff	properNoun	swe	Shirreff	properNoun	nor
Shisha Pangma	properNoun	swe	Shisha Pangma	properNoun	nor
Shisha Pangma	properNoun	swe	Shishapangma	properNoun	nor
Shishi gymnasium	properNoun	swe	Shishi middelskule	properNoun	nor
Shishtaveci	properNoun	swe	Shishtaveci	properNoun	nor
Shiver Point	properNoun	swe	Shiver Point	properNoun	nor
Shiyan	properNoun	swe	Shiyan	properNoun	nor
Shkodërsjön	properNoun	swe	Shkodërsjøen	properNoun	nor
Shkumbini	properNoun	swe	Shkumbin	properNoun	nor
Shoemake Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Shoemake Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Shomo Rock	properNoun	swe	Shomo Rock	properNoun	nor
Shoreham	properNoun	swe	Shoreham	properNoun	nor
Shortcut Col	properNoun	swe	Shortcut Col	properNoun	nor
Shostakovich Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Shostakovich Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Shrewsbury School	properNoun	swe	Shrewsbury School	properNoun	nor
Shrewsbury	properNoun	swe	Shrewsbury	properNoun	nor
Shropshire	properNoun	swe	Shropshire	properNoun	nor
Shuangyashan	properNoun	swe	Shuangyashan	properNoun	nor
Shubert Theatre	properNoun	swe	Shubert Theatre	properNoun	nor
Shults Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Shults Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Shuozhou	properNoun	swe	Shuozhou	properNoun	nor
Siat	properNoun	swe	Siat	properNoun	nor
Sibaj	properNoun	swe	Sibaj	properNoun	nor
Sibbhult	properNoun	swe	Sibbhult	properNoun	nor
Sibble	properNoun	swe	Sibble	properNoun	nor
Sibillinibergen	properNoun	swe	Sibillinifjella	properNoun	nor
Sibirien	properNoun	swe	Sibir	properNoun	nor
Sibiu	properNoun	swe	Sibiu	properNoun	nor
Siblingen	properNoun	swe	Siblingen	properNoun	nor
Sibo	properNoun	swe	Sibo	properNoun	nor
Sibu	properNoun	swe	Sibu	properNoun	nor
Sicilianska aftonsången	properNoun	swe	Den sicilianske aftansongen	properNoun	nor
Sicilien	properNoun	swe	Sicilia	properNoun	nor
Siciliensundet	properNoun	swe	Siciliastredet	properNoun	nor
Siciliensundet	properNoun	swe	Siciliasundet	properNoun	nor
Sicklasjön	properNoun	swe	Sicklasjön	properNoun	nor
Sickle Mountain	properNoun	swe	Sickle Mountain	properNoun	nor
Sickle Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Sickle Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Sickte	properNoun	swe	Sickte	properNoun	nor
Side Crater	properNoun	swe	Side Crater	properNoun	nor
Side	properNoun	swe	Side	properNoun	nor
Sidelhorn	properNoun	swe	Sidelhorn	properNoun	nor
Sidensjö	properNoun	swe	Sidensjö	properNoun	nor
Sidenvägen	properNoun	swe	Silkevegen	properNoun	nor
Sidenvägen	properNoun	swe	Silkeveien	properNoun	nor
Sidmouth	properNoun	swe	Sidmouth	properNoun	nor
Siebengebirge	properNoun	swe	Siebengebirge	properNoun	nor
Sieber	properNoun	swe	Sieber	properNoun	nor
Siefker Ridge	properNoun	swe	Siefker Ridge	properNoun	nor
Sieg	properNoun	swe	Sieg	properNoun	nor
Siegburg	properNoun	swe	Siegburg	properNoun	nor
Siege Dome	properNoun	swe	Siege Dome	properNoun	nor
Siegen	properNoun	swe	Siegen	properNoun	nor
Sieglar	properNoun	swe	Sieglar	properNoun	nor
Siegmar	properNoun	swe	Siegmar	properNoun	nor
Siehdichum	properNoun	swe	Siehdichum	properNoun	nor
Sieker	properNoun	swe	Sieker	properNoun	nor
Siena	properNoun	swe	Siena	properNoun	nor
Siepen	properNoun	swe	Siepen	properNoun	nor
Sierra Morena	properNoun	swe	Sierra Morena	properNoun	nor
Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta	properNoun	swe	Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta	properNoun	nor
Sierra Nevada	properNoun	swe	Sierra Nevada	properNoun	nor
Sierra de Cazorla	properNoun	swe	Sierra de Cazorla	properNoun	nor
Sierra de Guadarrama	properNoun	swe	Sierra de Guadarrama	properNoun	nor
Sierre	properNoun	swe	Sierre	properNoun	nor
Siesta	properNoun	swe	Siesta	properNoun	nor
Sifferbo	properNoun	swe	Sifferbo	properNoun	nor
Sifnos	properNoun	swe	Sifnos	properNoun	nor
Sifnos	properNoun	swe	Sífnos	properNoun	nor
Siglin Rocks	properNoun	swe	Siglin Rocks	properNoun	nor
Siglistorf	properNoun	swe	Siglistorf	properNoun	nor
Siglufjörður	properNoun	swe	Siglufjörður	properNoun	nor
Sigmaringen	properNoun	swe	Sigmaringen	properNoun	nor
Signal de Botrange	properNoun	swe	Signal de Botrange	properNoun	nor
Signalkuppe	properNoun	swe	Signalkuppe	properNoun	nor
Signau	properNoun	swe	Signau	properNoun	nor
Sigriswil	properNoun	swe	Sigriswil	properNoun	nor
Sigritsa Point	properNoun	swe	Sigritsa Point	properNoun	nor
Sigtuna	properNoun	swe	Sigtuna	properNoun	nor
Siguer	properNoun	swe	Siguer	properNoun	nor
Sigurdsristningen	properNoun	swe	Sigurdsristinga	properNoun	nor
Sigurdsvodene	properNoun	swe	Sigurdsvodene	properNoun	nor
Sihl	properNoun	swe	Sihl	properNoun	nor
Sihlsee	properNoun	swe	Sihlsee	properNoun	nor
Siirt	properNoun	swe	Siirt	properNoun	nor
Sikinos	properNoun	swe	Síkinos	properNoun	nor
Sikka	properNoun	swe	Sikka	properNoun	nor
Sikkim	properNoun	swe	Sikkim	properNoun	nor
Siksjön	properNoun	swe	Siksjön	properNoun	nor
Silberberg	properNoun	swe	Silberberg	properNoun	nor
Silbury Hill	properNoun	swe	Silbury Hill	properNoun	nor
Sildafjorden	properNoun	swe	Sildafjorden	properNoun	nor
Silicon Valley	properNoun	swe	Silicon Valley	properNoun	nor
Siligo	properNoun	swe	Siligo	properNoun	nor
Siliguri	properNoun	swe	Siliguri	properNoun	nor
Siljansnäs	properNoun	swe	Siljansnäs	properNoun	nor
Silkeborg	properNoun	swe	Silkeborg	properNoun	nor
Sillamäe	properNoun	swe	Sillamäe	properNoun	nor
Sillen	properNoun	swe	Sillen	properNoun	nor
Sillerboån	properNoun	swe	Sillerboån	properNoun	nor
Siloadammen	properNoun	swe	Siloamdammen	properNoun	nor
Silopi	properNoun	swe	Silopi	properNoun	nor
Sils Maria	properNoun	swe	Sils Maria	properNoun	nor
Sils im Domleschg	properNoun	swe	Sils im Domleschg	properNoun	nor
Silsand	properNoun	swe	Silsand	properNoun	nor
Silsersee	properNoun	swe	Silsersee	properNoun	nor
Silvaplana	properNoun	swe	Silvaplana	properNoun	nor
Silvassa	properNoun	swe	Silvassa	properNoun	nor
Silverdalen	properNoun	swe	Silverdalen	properNoun	nor
Silverdals griftegård	properNoun	swe	Silverdals griftegård	properNoun	nor
Silves	properNoun	swe	Silves	properNoun	nor
Simensentoppen	properNoun	swe	Simensentoppen	properNoun	nor
Simferopol	properNoun	swe	Simferopol	properNoun	nor
Simitli Point	properNoun	swe	Simitli Point	properNoun	nor
Simlångsdalen	properNoun	swe	Simlångsdalen	properNoun	nor
Simme	properNoun	swe	Simme	properNoun	nor
Simmerath	properNoun	swe	Simmerath	properNoun	nor
Simonsberg	properNoun	swe	Simonsberg	properNoun	nor
Simonstorp	properNoun	swe	Simonstorp	properNoun	nor
Simoom Hill	properNoun	swe	Simoom Hill	properNoun	nor
Simpele	properNoun	swe	Simpele	properNoun	nor
Simplicity Hill	properNoun	swe	Simplicity Hill	properNoun	nor
Simpson Crags	properNoun	swe	Simpson Crags	properNoun	nor
Simpson Hills	properNoun	swe	Simpson Hills	properNoun	nor
Simpson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Simpson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Simpson Rocks	properNoun	swe	Simpson Rocks	properNoun	nor
Simpson	properNoun	swe	Simpson	properNoun	nor
Simris	properNoun	swe	Simris	properNoun	nor
Simrishamn	properNoun	swe	Simrishamn	properNoun	nor
Simrishamns kommun	properNoun	swe	Simrishamn kommune	properNoun	nor
Simsarian	properNoun	swe	Simsarian	properNoun	nor
Sinai berg	properNoun	swe	Sinai	properNoun	nor
Sinai berg	properNoun	swe	Sinaifjellet	properNoun	nor
Sinaihalvön	properNoun	swe	Sinaihalvøya	properNoun	nor
Sinaloa	properNoun	swe	Sinaloa	properNoun	nor
Sindel Point	properNoun	swe	Sindel Point	properNoun	nor
Sindelfingen	properNoun	swe	Sindelfingen	properNoun	nor
Sindh	properNoun	swe	Sind	properNoun	nor
Sindi	properNoun	swe	Sindi	properNoun	nor
Sindos	properNoun	swe	Síndos	properNoun	nor
Sinemorets Hill	properNoun	swe	Sinemorets Hill	properNoun	nor
Sinești	properNoun	swe	Sinești	properNoun	nor
Singapores Grand Prix	properNoun	swe	Singapore Grand Prix	properNoun	nor
Singapores Grand Prix	properNoun	swe	Singapores Grand Prix	properNoun	nor
Singitjåkka	properNoun	swe	Singitjåkka	properNoun	nor
Singleton Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Singleton Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Sinimäed	properNoun	swe	Sinimäed	properNoun	nor
Sinj	properNoun	swe	Sinj	properNoun	nor
Sinjarbergen	properNoun	swe	Jebel Sinjar	properNoun	nor
Sinjarbergen	properNoun	swe	Sinjarfjella	properNoun	nor
Sinn	properNoun	swe	Sinn	properNoun	nor
Sinnar	properNoun	swe	Sinnar	properNoun	nor
Sinnersdorf	properNoun	swe	Sinnersdorf	properNoun	nor
Sinop	properNoun	swe	Sinop	properNoun	nor
Sins	properNoun	swe	Sins	properNoun	nor
Sint Eustatius	properNoun	swe	Sint Eustatius	properNoun	nor
Sint Maarten	properNoun	swe	Sint Maarten	properNoun	nor
Sintautai	properNoun	swe	Sintautai	properNoun	nor
Sintra	properNoun	swe	Sintra	properNoun	nor
Sinzig	properNoun	swe	Sinzig	properNoun	nor
Sipán	properNoun	swe	Sipán	properNoun	nor
Šipan	properNoun	swe	Šipan	properNoun	nor
Siping	properNoun	swe	Siping	properNoun	nor
Siple Coast	properNoun	swe	Siple Coast	properNoun	nor
Siple Dome	properNoun	swe	Siple Dome	properNoun	nor
Siret	properNoun	swe	Siret	properNoun	nor
Sirius Knoll	properNoun	swe	Sirius Knoll	properNoun	nor
Sirohi Point	properNoun	swe	Sirohi Point	properNoun	nor
Sisak	properNoun	swe	Sisak	properNoun	nor
Sisco Mesa	properNoun	swe	Sisco Mesa	properNoun	nor
Siselen	properNoun	swe	Siselen	properNoun	nor
Sisimiut	properNoun	swe	Sisimiut	properNoun	nor
Sissach	properNoun	swe	Sissach	properNoun	nor
Sisseln	properNoun	swe	Sisseln	properNoun	nor
Sistefjell	properNoun	swe	Sistefjell	properNoun	nor
Sistrans	properNoun	swe	Sistrans	properNoun	nor
Sitnica	properNoun	swe	Sitnica	properNoun	nor
Sittard	properNoun	swe	Sittard	properNoun	nor
Sivas	properNoun	swe	Sivas	properNoun	nor
Siverek	properNoun	swe	Siverek	properNoun	nor
Siviriez	properNoun	swe	Siviriez	properNoun	nor
Sixtinska kapellet	properNoun	swe	Det sixtinske kapell	properNoun	nor
Sixtinska kapellet	properNoun	swe	Det sixtinske kapellet	properNoun	nor
Sjachtarsk	properNoun	swe	Sjakhtarsk	properNoun	nor
Sjachty	properNoun	swe	Sjakhty	properNoun	nor
Sjadrinsk	properNoun	swe	Sjadrinsk	properNoun	nor
Sjali	properNoun	swe	Sjali	properNoun	nor
Sjatura	properNoun	swe	Sjatura	properNoun	nor
Sjchara	properNoun	swe	Sjkhara	properNoun	nor
Sjeksna	properNoun	swe	Sjeksna	properNoun	nor
Sjelechov	properNoun	swe	Sjelekhov	properNoun	nor
Sjelichovbukten	properNoun	swe	Sjelikhovbukta	properNoun	nor
Sjelon	properNoun	swe	Sjelon	properNoun	nor
Sjenkursk	properNoun	swe	Sjenkursk	properNoun	nor
Sjepetivka	properNoun	swe	Sjepetivka	properNoun	nor
Sjiktberga	properNoun	swe	Sjiktberga	properNoun	nor
Sjimanovsk	properNoun	swe	Sjimanovsk	properNoun	nor
Sjirvansjahernas palats	properNoun	swe	Sjirvansjahpalasset	properNoun	nor
Sjostka	properNoun	swe	Sjostka	properNoun	nor
Sjtjastja	properNoun	swe	Sjtsjastja	properNoun	nor
Sjtjokino	properNoun	swe	Sjtsjokino	properNoun	nor
Sjtjolkovo	properNoun	swe	Sjtsjolkovo	properNoun	nor
Sjtjors	properNoun	swe	Sjtsjors	properNoun	nor
Sjuja	properNoun	swe	Sjuja	properNoun	nor
Sjulsmark	properNoun	swe	Sjulsmark	properNoun	nor
Sjumansholmen	properNoun	swe	Sjumansholmen	properNoun	nor
Sjumerlja	properNoun	swe	Sjumerlja	properNoun	nor
Sjumicha	properNoun	swe	Sjumikha	properNoun	nor
Sjundeå	properNoun	swe	Sjundeå	properNoun	nor
Sjunkhatten nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Sjunkhatten nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Sjunnen	properNoun	swe	Sjunnen	properNoun	nor
Sjuntorp	properNoun	swe	Sjuntorp	properNoun	nor
Sjuøyane	properNoun	swe	Sjuøyane	properNoun	nor
Sjymkent	properNoun	swe	Tsjimkent	properNoun	nor
Själevad	properNoun	swe	Själevad	properNoun	nor
Själland	properNoun	swe	Sjælland	properNoun	nor
Sjöberg	properNoun	swe	Sjöberg	properNoun	nor
Sjöbo kommun	properNoun	swe	Sjöbo kommune	properNoun	nor
Sjöbo sommarby och Svansjö sommarby	properNoun	swe	Sjöbo sommarby och Svansjö sommarby	properNoun	nor
Sjöbo	properNoun	swe	Sjöbo	properNoun	nor
Sjödiken	properNoun	swe	Sjödiken	properNoun	nor
Sjögestad	properNoun	swe	Sjögestad	properNoun	nor
Sjömarken	properNoun	swe	Sjömarken	properNoun	nor
Sjörröd	properNoun	swe	Sjörröd	properNoun	nor
Sjösa	properNoun	swe	Sjösa	properNoun	nor
Sjöslaget vid Hangö udd	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Hangöudd	properNoun	nor
Sjöslaget vid Ösel	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Ösel	properNoun	nor
Sjötofta	properNoun	swe	Sjötofta	properNoun	nor
Sjötorp	properNoun	swe	Sjötorp	properNoun	nor
Sjövik	properNoun	swe	Sjövik	properNoun	nor
Sjøhausen	properNoun	swe	Sjøhausen	properNoun	nor
Sjøholt	properNoun	swe	Sjøholt	properNoun	nor
Sjørup	properNoun	swe	Sjørup	properNoun	nor
Skagafjörður	properNoun	swe	Skagafjörður	properNoun	nor
Skagen Fyr	properNoun	swe	Skagen Fyr	properNoun	nor
Skagen Fyr	properNoun	swe	Skagen fyr	properNoun	nor
Skagerrak	properNoun	swe	Skagerrak	properNoun	nor
Skagersvik	properNoun	swe	Skagersvik	properNoun	nor
Skaland	properNoun	swe	Skaland	properNoun	nor
Skalica	properNoun	swe	Skalica	properNoun	nor
Skalka	properNoun	swe	Skalka	properNoun	nor
Skallevikhalsen	properNoun	swe	Skallevikhalsen	properNoun	nor
Skalleviksodden	properNoun	swe	Skalleviksodden	properNoun	nor
Skanderna	properNoun	swe	De skandinaviske fjellene	properNoun	nor
Skanderna	properNoun	swe	Dei skandinaviske fjella	properNoun	nor
Skandinaviska halvön	properNoun	swe	Den skandinaviske halvøy	properNoun	nor
Skandinaviska halvön	properNoun	swe	Den skandinaviske halvøya	properNoun	nor
Skanör	properNoun	swe	Skanör	properNoun	nor
Skara kommun	properNoun	swe	Skara kommune	properNoun	nor
Skaraborgs län	properNoun	swe	Skaraborgs län	properNoun	nor
Skarpnäck	properNoun	swe	Skarpnäck	properNoun	nor
Skarpö	properNoun	swe	Skarpö	properNoun	nor
Skarvan og Roltdalen nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Skarvan og Roltdalen nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Skattkärr	properNoun	swe	Skattkärr	properNoun	nor
Skattungbyn	properNoun	swe	Skattungbyn	properNoun	nor
Skavlhø	properNoun	swe	Skavlhø	properNoun	nor
Skebobruk	properNoun	swe	Skebobruk	properNoun	nor
Skebokvarn	properNoun	swe	Skebokvarn	properNoun	nor
Skeboån	properNoun	swe	Skeboån	properNoun	nor
Skeda udde	properNoun	swe	Skeda udde	properNoun	nor
Skedala	properNoun	swe	Skedala	properNoun	nor
Skede	properNoun	swe	Skede	properNoun	nor
Skee	properNoun	swe	Skee	properNoun	nor
Skeen Rocks	properNoun	swe	Skeen Rocks	properNoun	nor
Skegness	properNoun	swe	Skegness	properNoun	nor
Skegrie	properNoun	swe	Skegrie	properNoun	nor
Skeidsberget	properNoun	swe	Skeidsberget	properNoun	nor
Skeidshovden	properNoun	swe	Skeidshovden	properNoun	nor
Skeidsnutane	properNoun	swe	Skeidsnutane	properNoun	nor
Skellefte älv	properNoun	swe	Skellefte älv	properNoun	nor
Skelleftehamn	properNoun	swe	Skelleftehamn	properNoun	nor
Skellefteå kommun	properNoun	swe	Skellefteå kommune	properNoun	nor
Skellefteå	properNoun	swe	Skellefteå	properNoun	nor
Skellig Michael	properNoun	swe	Skellig Michael	properNoun	nor
Skelligöarna	properNoun	swe	Skelligøyane	properNoun	nor
Skelligöarna	properNoun	swe	Skelligøyene	properNoun	nor
Skelmersdale	properNoun	swe	Skelmersdale	properNoun	nor
Skenaån	properNoun	swe	Skenaån	properNoun	nor
Skepparkroken	properNoun	swe	Skepparkroken	properNoun	nor
Skepplanda	properNoun	swe	Skepplanda	properNoun	nor
Skeppsdalsström	properNoun	swe	Skeppsdalsström	properNoun	nor
Skeppsholmen	properNoun	swe	Skeppsholmen	properNoun	nor
Skeppshult	properNoun	swe	Skeppshult	properNoun	nor
Skerryvore	properNoun	swe	Skerryvore	properNoun	nor
Skiathos	properNoun	swe	Skiáthos	properNoun	nor
Skiathos	properNoun	swe	Skiathos	properNoun	nor
Skidoo Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Skidoo Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Skienselva	properNoun	swe	Skienselva	properNoun	nor
Skilift Col	properNoun	swe	Skilift Col	properNoun	nor
Skillingaryd	properNoun	swe	Skillingaryd	properNoun	nor
Skillinge	properNoun	swe	Skillinge	properNoun	nor
Skilton Ledge	properNoun	swe	Skilton Ledge	properNoun	nor
Skimuseet	properNoun	swe	Skimuseet	properNoun	nor
Skinner Saddle	properNoun	swe	Skinner Saddle	properNoun	nor
Skinnskattebergs kommun	properNoun	swe	Skinnskatteberg kommune	properNoun	nor
Skipton	properNoun	swe	Skipton	properNoun	nor
Skirö	properNoun	swe	Skirö	properNoun	nor
Skivarp	properNoun	swe	Skivarp	properNoun	nor
Skjaldbreiður	properNoun	swe	Skjaldbreiður	properNoun	nor
Skjálfandafljót	properNoun	swe	Skjálfandafljót	properNoun	nor
Skjálfandi	properNoun	swe	Skjálfandi	properNoun	nor
Skjærhalden	properNoun	swe	Skjærhalden	properNoun	nor
Skjønhaug	properNoun	swe	Skjønhaug	properNoun	nor
Skoby	properNoun	swe	Skoby	properNoun	nor
Skoddemédet	properNoun	swe	Skoddemedet	properNoun	nor
Škofja Loka	properNoun	swe	Škofja Loka	properNoun	nor
Skoghall	properNoun	swe	Skoghall	properNoun	nor
Skogsby	properNoun	swe	Skogsby	properNoun	nor
Skogsfjordvatnet	properNoun	swe	Skogsfjordvatnet	properNoun	nor
Skogskyrkogården	properNoun	swe	Skogskirkegården	properNoun	nor
Skogskyrkogården	properNoun	swe	Skogskyrkogården	properNoun	nor
Skogstorp	properNoun	swe	Skogstorp	properNoun	nor
Skokholm	properNoun	swe	Skokholm	properNoun	nor
Skolsta	properNoun	swe	Skolsta	properNoun	nor
Skopelos	properNoun	swe	Skopelos	properNoun	nor
Skopelos	properNoun	swe	Skópelos	properNoun	nor
Skorradalsvatn	properNoun	swe	Skorradalsvatn	properNoun	nor
Skotska högländerna	properNoun	swe	Dei skotske høglanda	properNoun	nor
Skotska högländerna	properNoun	swe	Det skotske høylandet	properNoun	nor
Skotska parlamentet	properNoun	swe	Det skotske parlamentet	properNoun	nor
Skotska parlamentet	properNoun	swe	Skottlands parlament	properNoun	nor
Skotten i Sarajevo	properNoun	swe	Skota i Sarajevo	properNoun	nor
Skottorp	properNoun	swe	Skottorp	properNoun	nor
Skottsberg	properNoun	swe	Skottsberg	properNoun	nor
Skottsund	properNoun	swe	Skottsund	properNoun	nor
Skovlunde	properNoun	swe	Skovlunde	properNoun	nor
Skovorodino	properNoun	swe	Skovorodino	properNoun	nor
Skrea	properNoun	swe	Skrea	properNoun	nor
Skreen	properNoun	swe	Skreen	properNoun	nor
Škrlatica	properNoun	swe	Škrlatica	properNoun	nor
Skruv	properNoun	swe	Skruv	properNoun	nor
Skruvestikka	properNoun	swe	Skruvestikka	properNoun	nor
Skräbeån	properNoun	swe	Skräbeån	properNoun	nor
Skua Terrace	properNoun	swe	Skua Terrace	properNoun	nor
Skudeneshamn	properNoun	swe	Skudeneshavn	properNoun	nor
Skulpturlandskap Nordland	properNoun	swe	Skulpturlandskap Nordland	properNoun	nor
Skultorp	properNoun	swe	Skultorp	properNoun	nor
Skultuna	properNoun	swe	Skultuna	properNoun	nor
Skummeslövsstrand	properNoun	swe	Skummeslövsstrand	properNoun	nor
Skurugata	properNoun	swe	Skurugata	properNoun	nor
Skuruhatt	properNoun	swe	Skuruhatt	properNoun	nor
Skurup	properNoun	swe	Skurup	properNoun	nor
Skurups kommun	properNoun	swe	Skurup kommune	properNoun	nor
Skutskär	properNoun	swe	Skutskär	properNoun	nor
Skuttungeby	properNoun	swe	Skuttungeby	properNoun	nor
Skutvik	properNoun	swe	Skutvik	properNoun	nor
Skvyra	properNoun	swe	Skvyra	properNoun	nor
Sky News	properNoun	swe	Sky News	properNoun	nor
Sky Tower	properNoun	swe	Sky Tower	properNoun	nor
Skye	properNoun	swe	Skye	properNoun	nor
Skyros	properNoun	swe	Skiros	properNoun	nor
Skyros	properNoun	swe	Skýros	properNoun	nor
Skyttorp	properNoun	swe	Skyttorp	properNoun	nor
Skäckerfjällen	properNoun	swe	Skjækerfjella	properNoun	nor
Skällinge	properNoun	swe	Skällinge	properNoun	nor
Skänninge	properNoun	swe	Skänninge	properNoun	nor
Skärblacka	properNoun	swe	Skärblacka	properNoun	nor
Skärgårdshavet	properNoun	swe	Skjergardshavet	properNoun	nor
Skärgårdshavet	properNoun	swe	Skjærgårdshavet	properNoun	nor
Skärgårdsstad	properNoun	swe	Skärgårdsstad	properNoun	nor
Skärhamn	properNoun	swe	Skärhamn	properNoun	nor
Skärholmen	properNoun	swe	Skärholmen	properNoun	nor
Skärplinge	properNoun	swe	Skärplinge	properNoun	nor
Skärstad	properNoun	swe	Skärstad	properNoun	nor
Skåla	properNoun	swe	Skåla	properNoun	nor
Skåne län	properNoun	swe	Skåne län	properNoun	nor
Skånevik	properNoun	swe	Skånevik	properNoun	nor
Skåpafors	properNoun	swe	Skåpafors	properNoun	nor
Skåtøy	properNoun	swe	Skåtøy	properNoun	nor
Skógafoss	properNoun	swe	Skógafoss	properNoun	nor
Sköldinge	properNoun	swe	Sköldinge	properNoun	nor
Sköllersta	properNoun	swe	Sköllersta	properNoun	nor
Skölsta	properNoun	swe	Skölsta	properNoun	nor
Skövde kommun	properNoun	swe	Skövde kommune	properNoun	nor
Skövde	properNoun	swe	Skövde	properNoun	nor
Skúvoy	properNoun	swe	Skúvoy	properNoun	nor
Slade School of Fine Art	properNoun	swe	Slade School of Fine Art	properNoun	nor
Sladen Summit	properNoun	swe	Sladen Summit	properNoun	nor
Sladen	properNoun	swe	Sladen	properNoun	nor
Slagelse kommun	properNoun	swe	Slagelse kommune	properNoun	nor
Slagelse kommun	properNoun	swe	Slagelse	properNoun	nor
Slaget i Vouillé	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Vouillé	properNoun	nor
Slaget om Iwo Jima	properNoun	swe	Slaget om Iwo Jima	properNoun	nor
Slaget om Messines	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Messines	properNoun	nor
Slaget om Moskva	properNoun	swe	Slaget om Moskva	properNoun	nor
Slaget om Narvik	properNoun	swe	Slaget om Narvik	properNoun	nor
Slaget om Nöteborg	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Nöteborg	properNoun	nor
Slaget om Tammerfors	properNoun	swe	Slaget om Tammerfors	properNoun	nor
Slaget på Fitjar	properNoun	swe	Slaget på Fitjar	properNoun	nor
Slaget på Fitjar	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Fitjar på Stord	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Abrahams slätter	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Abrahamslettene	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Azincourt	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Agincourt	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Blenheim	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Blenheim	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Boyne	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Boyne	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Cambrai	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Cambrai	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Crécy	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Crécy	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Denain	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Denain	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Dettingen	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Dettingen	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Dynekilen	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Dynekilen	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Dynekilen	properNoun	swe	Slaget	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Düna	properNoun	swe	Kryssinga av Düna	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Düna	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Düna	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Errastfer	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Erastfer	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Errastfer	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Errastfer	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Fleurus	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Fleurus	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Fontenoy	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Fontenoy	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Fort Carillon	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Carillon	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Fraustadt	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Fraustadt	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Frisches Haff	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Frisches Haff	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Föglöfjärden	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Ledsund	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Föglöfjärden	properNoun	swe	Slaget	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Gadebusch	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Gadebusch	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Gallipoli	properNoun	swe	Slaget om Gallipoli	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Gallipoli	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Gallipoli	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Gemauerthof	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Gemauerthof	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Hastings	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Hastings	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Helsingborg	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Helsingborg	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Hjörungavåg	properNoun	swe	Slaget i Hjørungavåg	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Holowczyn	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Golovtsjin	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Holowczyn	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Holowczyn	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Hummelshof	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Hummelshof	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Höchstädt	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Höchstädt	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Jakobstadt	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Jakobstadt	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Karbala	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Karbala	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Kliszów	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Kliszów	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Kolín	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Kolín	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Kunersdorf	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Kunersdorf	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Kursk	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Kursk	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Lake George	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Lake George	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Lake George	properNoun	swe	slaget ved Lake George	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Langnes skans	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Langnes skanse	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Leuthen	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Leuthen	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Lindanäs	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Lyndanisse	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Liège	properNoun	swe	Beleiringen av Liège	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Liège	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Liège	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Lodi	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Lodi	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Luzzara	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Luzzara	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Malplaquet	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Malplaquet	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Marathon	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Marathon	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Monongahela	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Monongahela	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Narva	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Narva	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Petsamo	properNoun	swe	Slaget om Petsamo	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Plassey	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Plassey	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Poltava	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Poltava	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Prag	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Praha	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Punitz	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Punitz	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Pułtusk	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Pułtusk	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Québec	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Quebec	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Ramillies	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Ramillies	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Rocoux	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Roucoux	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Rossbach	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Rossbach	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Salla	properNoun	swe	Slaget om Salla	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Salla	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Salla	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Somme	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Somme	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Stalingrad	properNoun	swe	Slaget om Stalingrad	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Stalingrad	properNoun	swe	slaget om Stalingrad	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Stamford Bridge	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Stamford Bridge	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Stamford Bridge	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Stamford bru	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Stiklestad	properNoun	swe	Slaget på Stiklestad	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Storkyro	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Storkyro	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Stäket	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Stäket	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Suomussalmi	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Suomussalmi	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Tornow	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Tornow	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Trafalgar	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Trafalgar	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Turin	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Torino	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Verdun	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Verdun	properNoun	nor
Slaget vid Zorndorf	properNoun	swe	Slaget ved Zorndorf	properNoun	nor
Slaka	properNoun	swe	Slaka	properNoun	nor
Slalom Lake	properNoun	swe	Slalom Lake	properNoun	nor
Slantsy	properNoun	swe	Slantsy	properNoun	nor
Slapton	properNoun	swe	Slapton	properNoun	nor
Slatina	properNoun	swe	Slatina	properNoun	nor
Slavonski Brod	properNoun	swe	Slavonski Brod	properNoun	nor
Slavutytj	properNoun	swe	Slavutytsj	properNoun	nor
Slawuta	properNoun	swe	Slavuta	properNoun	nor
Slawuta	properNoun	swe	Slawuta	properNoun	nor
Sleaford	properNoun	swe	Sleaford	properNoun	nor
Sledging Col	properNoun	swe	Sledging Col	properNoun	nor
Slevik	properNoun	swe	Slevik	properNoun	nor
Slichter Foreland	properNoun	swe	Slichter Foreland	properNoun	nor
Slidrefjorden	properNoun	swe	Slidrefjorden	properNoun	nor
Slieve Croob	properNoun	swe	Slieve Croob	properNoun	nor
Slieve Donard	properNoun	swe	Slieve Donard	properNoun	nor
Slieve League	properNoun	swe	Slieve League	properNoun	nor
Sligo	properNoun	swe	Sligo	properNoun	nor
Slite	properNoun	swe	Slite	properNoun	nor
Slitu	properNoun	swe	Slitu	properNoun	nor
Sliven	properNoun	swe	Sliven	properNoun	nor
Slivnica	properNoun	swe	Slivnica	properNoun	nor
Slivno	properNoun	swe	Slivno	properNoun	nor
Sljudjanka	properNoun	swe	Sljudjanka	properNoun	nor
Slobozia	properNoun	swe	Slobozia	properNoun	nor
Sloknuten	properNoun	swe	Sloknuten	properNoun	nor
Slokstallen	properNoun	swe	Slokstallen	properNoun	nor
Slonim	properNoun	swe	Slonim	properNoun	nor
Slottet i Versailles	properNoun	swe	Slottet i Versailles	properNoun	nor
Slottsbron	properNoun	swe	Slottsbron	properNoun	nor
Slottsskogen	properNoun	swe	Slottsskogen	properNoun	nor
Slovenj Gradec	properNoun	swe	Slovenj Gradec	properNoun	nor
Slovjansk	properNoun	swe	Slovjansk	properNoun	nor
Slump Mountain	properNoun	swe	Slump Mountain	properNoun	nor
Slusher Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Slusher Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Slussen	properNoun	swe	Slussen	properNoun	nor
Slussfors	properNoun	swe	Slussfors	properNoun	nor
Slutj	properNoun	swe	Slutsj	properNoun	nor
Slängserud	properNoun	swe	Slängserud	properNoun	nor
Slöinge	properNoun	swe	Slöinge	properNoun	nor
Sløret	properNoun	swe	Sløret	properNoun	nor
Slăntjev Brjag	properNoun	swe	Slântsjev Brjag	properNoun	nor
Smáeyjar	properNoun	swe	Smáeyjar	properNoun	nor
Smallingerland	properNoun	swe	Smallingerland	properNoun	nor
Smedby	properNoun	swe	Smedby	properNoun	nor
Smederevo	properNoun	swe	Smederevo	properNoun	nor
Smedhus	properNoun	swe	Smedhus	properNoun	nor
Smedjebacken	properNoun	swe	Smedjebacken	properNoun	nor
Smedjebackens kommun	properNoun	swe	Smedjebacken kommune	properNoun	nor
Smedstorp	properNoun	swe	Smedstorp	properNoun	nor
Smethurst	properNoun	swe	Smethurst	properNoun	nor
Smethwick	properNoun	swe	Smethwick	properNoun	nor
Smila	properNoun	swe	Smila	properNoun	nor
Smirnenski Point	properNoun	swe	Smirnenski Point	properNoun	nor
Smirnovtinden	properNoun	swe	Smirnovtinden	properNoun	nor
Smith College	properNoun	swe	Smith College	properNoun	nor
Smith Heights	properNoun	swe	Smith Heights	properNoun	nor
Smith Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Smith Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Smith Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Smith Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Smithfield	properNoun	swe	Smithfield	properNoun	nor
Smolensk oblast	properNoun	swe	Smolensk oblast	properNoun	nor
Smolensk oblast	properNoun	swe	Smolensk	properNoun	nor
Smolensk	properNoun	swe	Smolensk	properNoun	nor
Smolenskajatoppen	properNoun	swe	Smolenskajatoppen	properNoun	nor
Smolikas	properNoun	swe	Smólikas	properNoun	nor
Smolyan Point	properNoun	swe	Smolyan Point	properNoun	nor
Smoot Rock	properNoun	swe	Smoot Rock	properNoun	nor
Smygehamn	properNoun	swe	Smygehamn	properNoun	nor
Smygehuk	properNoun	swe	Smygehuk	properNoun	nor
Småknoltane	properNoun	swe	Småknoltane	properNoun	nor
Smålands nation	properNoun	swe	Smålands nation	properNoun	nor
Smålandsstenar	properNoun	swe	Smålandsstenar	properNoun	nor
Småtind	properNoun	swe	Småtind	properNoun	nor
Smęcino	properNoun	swe	Smęcino	properNoun	nor
Snarbynuten	properNoun	swe	Snarbynuten	properNoun	nor
Snarums kyrka	properNoun	swe	Snarum kirke	properNoun	nor
Snarums kyrka	properNoun	swe	Snarum kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Snasahögarna	properNoun	swe	Snasahögarna	properNoun	nor
Snekkersten	properNoun	swe	Snekkersten	properNoun	nor
Sneslev	properNoun	swe	Sneslev	properNoun	nor
Snick Pass	properNoun	swe	Snick Pass	properNoun	nor
Snilstveitøy	properNoun	swe	Snilstveitøy	properNoun	nor
Snodland	properNoun	swe	Snodland	properNoun	nor
Snorrslida	properNoun	swe	Snorrslida	properNoun	nor
Snow Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Snow Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Snyder Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Snyder Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Snyder Rocks	properNoun	swe	Snyder Rocks	properNoun	nor
Snärjebäcken	properNoun	swe	Snärjebäcken	properNoun	nor
Snårestads kyrka	properNoun	swe	Snårestads kyrka	properNoun	nor
Snæfellsjökull	properNoun	swe	Snæfellsjökull	properNoun	nor
Snæfellsnes	properNoun	swe	Snæfellsnes	properNoun	nor
Snöveltorp	properNoun	swe	Snöveltorp	properNoun	nor
Snøkallen	properNoun	swe	Snøkallen	properNoun	nor
Snøkjerringa	properNoun	swe	Snøkjerringa	properNoun	nor
Sněžka	properNoun	swe	Sněžka-Śnieżka	properNoun	nor
Sněžka	properNoun	swe	Sněžka	properNoun	nor
Soacha	properNoun	swe	Soacha	properNoun	nor
Soazza	properNoun	swe	Soazza	properNoun	nor
Sobibór	properNoun	swe	Sobibor	properNoun	nor
Sobibór	properNoun	swe	Sobibór	properNoun	nor
Sobrio	properNoun	swe	Sobrio	properNoun	nor
Socialistiska federativa republiken Jugoslavien	properNoun	swe	Den sosialistiske føderale republikken Jugoslavia	properNoun	nor
Socialistiska partiet	properNoun	swe	Parti socialiste	properNoun	nor
Sockertoppen	properNoun	swe	Sukkertoppen	properNoun	nor
Sodankylä	properNoun	swe	Sodankylä	properNoun	nor
Sodingen	properNoun	swe	Sodingen	properNoun	nor
Soe	properNoun	swe	Soe	properNoun	nor
Soest	properNoun	swe	Soest	properNoun	nor
Soestdijk	properNoun	swe	Soestdijk	properNoun	nor
Soeste	properNoun	swe	Soeste	properNoun	nor
Sofia församling	properNoun	swe	Sofia församling	properNoun	nor
Sofiadalen	properNoun	swe	Sofiadalen	properNoun	nor
Soft Snow Pass	properNoun	swe	Soft Snow Pass	properNoun	nor
Sogn og Fjordane fylke	properNoun	swe	Sogn og Fjordane fylke	properNoun	nor
Sogndal flygplats	properNoun	swe	Sogndal lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Sognsvann	properNoun	swe	Sognsvann	properNoun	nor
Soham	properNoun	swe	Soham	properNoun	nor
Sohl	properNoun	swe	Sohl	properNoun	nor
Soissons	properNoun	swe	Soissons	properNoun	nor
Sokal	properNoun	swe	Sokal	properNoun	nor
Soknedal	properNoun	swe	Soknedal	properNoun	nor
Sokotra	properNoun	swe	Socotra	properNoun	nor
Sokotra	properNoun	swe	Sokotra	properNoun	nor
Solarium Augusti	properNoun	swe	Solarium Augusti	properNoun	nor
Solberga	properNoun	swe	Solberga	properNoun	nor
Solhaven	properNoun	swe	Solhaven	properNoun	nor
Solhöjden	properNoun	swe	Solhöjden	properNoun	nor
Solhøgdene	properNoun	swe	Solhøgdene	properNoun	nor
Solihull	properNoun	swe	Solihull	properNoun	nor
Solikamsk	properNoun	swe	Solikamsk	properNoun	nor
Solingen	properNoun	swe	Solingen	properNoun	nor
Solitary Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Solitary Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Solitary Rocks	properNoun	swe	Solitary Rocks	properNoun	nor
Sollberg	properNoun	swe	Sollberg	properNoun	nor
Sollebrunn	properNoun	swe	Sollebrunn	properNoun	nor
Sollefteå kommun	properNoun	swe	Sollefteå kommune	properNoun	nor
Sollefteå	properNoun	swe	Sollefteå	properNoun	nor
Sollentuna	properNoun	swe	Sollentuna	properNoun	nor
Sollerön	properNoun	swe	Sollerön	properNoun	nor
Solling	properNoun	swe	Solling	properNoun	nor
Solln	properNoun	swe	Solln	properNoun	nor
Solna kommun	properNoun	swe	Solna kommune	properNoun	nor
Solna	properNoun	swe	Solna	properNoun	nor
Solnetsjnogorsk	properNoun	swe	Solnetsjnogorsk	properNoun	nor
Solnik Point	properNoun	swe	Solnik Point	properNoun	nor
Solo Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Solo Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Solomon Saddle	properNoun	swe	Solomon Saddle	properNoun	nor
Solovetskijklostret	properNoun	swe	Solovkiklosteret	properNoun	nor
Solovetskijöarna	properNoun	swe	Solovkiøyane	properNoun	nor
Solovetskijöarna	properNoun	swe	Solovkiøyene	properNoun	nor
Solrøds kommun	properNoun	swe	Solrød kommune	properNoun	nor
Solsidan	properNoun	swe	Solsidan	properNoun	nor
Šolta	properNoun	swe	Šolta	properNoun	nor
Soltau	properNoun	swe	Soltau	properNoun	nor
Solvarbo	properNoun	swe	Solvarbo	properNoun	nor
Solvay Mountains	properNoun	swe	Solvay Mountains	properNoun	nor
Solway Firth	properNoun	swe	Solway Firth	properNoun	nor
Somaliland	properNoun	swe	Somaliland	properNoun	nor
Sombor	properNoun	swe	Sombo	properNoun	nor
Sombor	properNoun	swe	Sombor	properNoun	nor
Somborn	properNoun	swe	Somborn	properNoun	nor
Sombre Lake	properNoun	swe	Sombre Lake	properNoun	nor
Somers Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Somers Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Somerton	properNoun	swe	Somerton	properNoun	nor
Somerville	properNoun	swe	Somerville	properNoun	nor
Sommarö	properNoun	swe	Sommers	properNoun	nor
Somme	properNoun	swe	Somme	properNoun	nor
Sommen	properNoun	swe	Sommen	properNoun	nor
Sommersell	properNoun	swe	Sommersell	properNoun	nor
Somovit Point	properNoun	swe	Somovit Point	properNoun	nor
Somran	properNoun	swe	Somran	properNoun	nor
Son Dong	properNoun	swe	Son Doong	properNoun	nor
Sonder	properNoun	swe	Sonder	properNoun	nor
Sondershausen	properNoun	swe	Sondershausen	properNoun	nor
Sondrio	properNoun	swe	Sondrio	properNoun	nor
Sones	properNoun	swe	Sones	properNoun	nor
Songhua	properNoun	swe	Songhua	properNoun	nor
Songshan	properNoun	swe	Song Shan	properNoun	nor
Songshan	properNoun	swe	Songshanfjellene	properNoun	nor
Songyuan	properNoun	swe	Songyuan	properNoun	nor
Sonipat	properNoun	swe	Sonipat	properNoun	nor
Sonnborn	properNoun	swe	Sonnborn	properNoun	nor
Sonneberg	properNoun	swe	Sonneberg	properNoun	nor
Sonneborn	properNoun	swe	Sonneborn	properNoun	nor
Sonnenberg	properNoun	swe	Sonnenberg	properNoun	nor
Sonnenschein	properNoun	swe	Sonnenschein	properNoun	nor
Sonnighorn	properNoun	swe	Sonnighorn	properNoun	nor
Sonntag Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Sonntag Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Sonogno	properNoun	swe	Sonogno	properNoun	nor
Sonora	properNoun	swe	Sonora	properNoun	nor
Sonoraöknen	properNoun	swe	Sonoranørkenen	properNoun	nor
Sonoraöknen	properNoun	swe	Sonoraørkenen	properNoun	nor
Sonsbeck	properNoun	swe	Sonsbeck	properNoun	nor
Sonstorp	properNoun	swe	Sonstorp	properNoun	nor
Sonthofen	properNoun	swe	Sonthofen	properNoun	nor
Sonvilier	properNoun	swe	Sonvilier	properNoun	nor
Soonwald	properNoun	swe	Soonwald	properNoun	nor
Sooty Rock	properNoun	swe	Sooty Rock	properNoun	nor
Sophie Rocks	properNoun	swe	Sophie Rocks	properNoun	nor
Sopotsko	properNoun	swe	Sopotsko	properNoun	nor
Sopron	properNoun	swe	Sopron	properNoun	nor
Soral	properNoun	swe	Soral	properNoun	nor
Sordavala	properNoun	swe	Sortavala	properNoun	nor
Sorengo	properNoun	swe	Sorengo	properNoun	nor
Sorens	properNoun	swe	Sorens	properNoun	nor
Sorge	properNoun	swe	Sorge	properNoun	nor
Sorgfjorden	properNoun	swe	Sorgfjorden	properNoun	nor
Sornetan	properNoun	swe	Sornetan	properNoun	nor
Soroca	properNoun	swe	Soroca	properNoun	nor
Sorpe	properNoun	swe	Sorpe	properNoun	nor
Sorpresa Rock	properNoun	swe	Sorpresa Rock	properNoun	nor
Sorsele kommun	properNoun	swe	Sorsele kommun	properNoun	nor
Sorsele kommun	properNoun	swe	Sorsele	properNoun	nor
Sorsele	properNoun	swe	Sorsele	properNoun	nor
Sorunda	properNoun	swe	Sorunda	properNoun	nor
Sorvilier	properNoun	swe	Sorvilier	properNoun	nor
Sorø kommun	properNoun	swe	Sorø kommune	properNoun	nor
Sorø	properNoun	swe	Sorø	properNoun	nor
Sosnovyj Bor	properNoun	swe	Sosnovyj Bor	properNoun	nor
Sosnowiec	properNoun	swe	Sosnowiec	properNoun	nor
Šoštanj	properNoun	swe	Šoštanj	properNoun	nor
Sotenäs kommun	properNoun	swe	Sotenäs kommune	properNoun	nor
Sotji	properNoun	swe	Sotsji	properNoun	nor
Sotkamo	properNoun	swe	Sotkamo	properNoun	nor
Sottrum	properNoun	swe	Sottrum	properNoun	nor
Souboz	properNoun	swe	Souboz	properNoun	nor
Soucek	properNoun	swe	Soucek	properNoun	nor
Soulce	properNoun	swe	Soulce	properNoun	nor
Sousel	properNoun	swe	Sousel	properNoun	nor
South Ayrshire	properNoun	swe	South Ayrshire	properNoun	nor
South Beaches	properNoun	swe	South Beaches	properNoun	nor
South Beacon	properNoun	swe	South Beacon	properNoun	nor
South Elmsall	properNoun	swe	South Elmsall	properNoun	nor
South Gate	properNoun	swe	South Gate	properNoun	nor
South Harrow	properNoun	swe	South Harrow	properNoun	nor
South Lanarkshire	properNoun	swe	South Lanarkshire	properNoun	nor
South Molton	properNoun	swe	South Molton	properNoun	nor
South Orange	properNoun	swe	South Orange	properNoun	nor
South Ronaldsay	properNoun	swe	South Ronaldsay	properNoun	nor
South Uist	properNoun	swe	South Uist	properNoun	nor
South Woodham Ferrers	properNoun	swe	South Woodham Ferrers	properNoun	nor
South Yorkshire	properNoun	swe	South Yorkshire	properNoun	nor
Southam	properNoun	swe	Southam	properNoun	nor
Southbourne	properNoun	swe	Southbourne	properNoun	nor
Southern Cross Mountains	properNoun	swe	Southern Cross Mountains	properNoun	nor
Southern Cross Subglacial Highlands	properNoun	swe	Southern Cross Subglacial Highlands	properNoun	nor
Southland	properNoun	swe	Southland	properNoun	nor
Southport	properNoun	swe	Southport	properNoun	nor
Southtrap Rock	properNoun	swe	Southtrap Rock	properNoun	nor
Southwark	properNoun	swe	Southwark	properNoun	nor
Southwell	properNoun	swe	Southwell	properNoun	nor
Southwind Passage	properNoun	swe	Southwind Passage	properNoun	nor
Southwold	properNoun	swe	Southwold	properNoun	nor
Soutujärvi	properNoun	swe	Soutujärvi	properNoun	nor
Sovetsk	properNoun	swe	Sovetsk	properNoun	nor
Sowle Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Sowle Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Sozj	properNoun	swe	Sozj	properNoun	nor
Soła	properNoun	swe	Soła	properNoun	nor
Space Needle	properNoun	swe	Space Needle	properNoun	nor
Space Telescope Science Institute	properNoun	swe	Space Telescope Science Institute	properNoun	nor
Spalding	properNoun	swe	Spalding	properNoun	nor
Spandau	properNoun	swe	Spandau	properNoun	nor
Spaniens Grand Prix	properNoun	swe	Spania Grand Prix	properNoun	nor
Spaniens Grand Prix	properNoun	swe	Spanias Grand Prix	properNoun	nor
Spanish Knoll	properNoun	swe	Spanish Knoll	properNoun	nor
Spanley Rocks	properNoun	swe	Spanley Rocks	properNoun	nor
Spanska trappan	properNoun	swe	Spansketrappa	properNoun	nor
Spanska trappan	properNoun	swe	Spansketrappen	properNoun	nor
Spanstinden	properNoun	swe	Spanstinden	properNoun	nor
Sparadok Point	properNoun	swe	Sparadok Point	properNoun	nor
Sparbu	properNoun	swe	Sparbu	properNoun	nor
Sparreholm	properNoun	swe	Sparreholm	properNoun	nor
Sparruhorn	properNoun	swe	Sparruhorn	properNoun	nor
Spath Crest	properNoun	swe	Spath Crest	properNoun	nor
Spath Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Spath Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Spatz	properNoun	swe	Spatz	properNoun	nor
Spaulding Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Spaulding Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Spaulding Rocks	properNoun	swe	Spaulding Rocks	properNoun	nor
Spaull Point	properNoun	swe	Spaull Point	properNoun	nor
Spear Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Spear Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Specimen Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Specimen Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Spectator Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Spectator Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Speerschneider	properNoun	swe	Speerschneider	properNoun	nor
Speicher	properNoun	swe	Speicher	properNoun	nor
Speldorf	properNoun	swe	Speldorf	properNoun	nor
Spencer Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Spencer Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Spenge	properNoun	swe	Spenge	properNoun	nor
Spennymoor	properNoun	swe	Spennymoor	properNoun	nor
Spermwhale Ridge	properNoun	swe	Spermwhale Ridge	properNoun	nor
Sperring Point	properNoun	swe	Sperring Point	properNoun	nor
Spessart	properNoun	swe	Spessart	properNoun	nor
Spetsbergen	properNoun	swe	Spitsbergen	properNoun	nor
Spetses	properNoun	swe	Spétses	properNoun	nor
Spey	properNoun	swe	Spey	properNoun	nor
Speyer	properNoun	swe	Speyer	properNoun	nor
Speyers domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Speyer domkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Speyers domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Speyerdomen	properNoun	nor
Spheroid Hill	properNoun	swe	Spheroid Hill	properNoun	nor
Sphinx Valley	properNoun	swe	Sphinx Valley	properNoun	nor
Spich	properNoun	swe	Spich	properNoun	nor
Spieden	properNoun	swe	Spieden	properNoun	nor
Spiegelberg	properNoun	swe	Spiegelberg	properNoun	nor
Spiers Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Spiers Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Spiez	properNoun	swe	Spiez	properNoun	nor
Spijkenisse	properNoun	swe	Spijkenisse	properNoun	nor
Špik	properNoun	swe	Špik	properNoun	nor
Spike Cape	properNoun	swe	Spike Cape	properNoun	nor
Spillersboda	properNoun	swe	Spillersboda	properNoun	nor
Spilsby	properNoun	swe	Spilsby	properNoun	nor
Spinalonga	properNoun	swe	Spinalonga	properNoun	nor
Spincloud Heights	properNoun	swe	Spincloud Heights	properNoun	nor
Spindrift Col	properNoun	swe	Spindrift Col	properNoun	nor
Spindrift Rocks	properNoun	swe	Spindrift Rocks	properNoun	nor
Spirogyra Lake	properNoun	swe	Spirogyra Lake	properNoun	nor
Spirtle Rock	properNoun	swe	Spirtle Rock	properNoun	nor
Spiterhøi	properNoun	swe	Spiterhøi	properNoun	nor
Spiterstulen	properNoun	swe	Spiterstulen	properNoun	nor
Spitz Ridge	properNoun	swe	Spitz Ridge	properNoun	nor
Spitze	properNoun	swe	Spitze	properNoun	nor
Spitzhorli	properNoun	swe	Spitzhorli	properNoun	nor
Spitzmeilen	properNoun	swe	Spitzmeilen	properNoun	nor
Splettstoesser Pass	properNoun	swe	Splettstoesser Pass	properNoun	nor
Splinten	properNoun	swe	Splinten	properNoun	nor
Splügen	properNoun	swe	Splügen	properNoun	nor
Spohn	properNoun	swe	Spohn	properNoun	nor
Spoleto	properNoun	swe	Spoleto	properNoun	nor
Sponvika	properNoun	swe	Sponvika	properNoun	nor
Sporaderna	properNoun	swe	Sporadane	properNoun	nor
Sporli	properNoun	swe	Sporli	properNoun	nor
Spree	properNoun	swe	Spree	properNoun	nor
Spreitenbach	properNoun	swe	Spreitenbach	properNoun	nor
Sprekkefjellet	properNoun	swe	Sprekkefjellet	properNoun	nor
Sprickvulkan	properNoun	swe	Vulkansprekk	properNoun	nor
Spring Park	properNoun	swe	Spring Park	properNoun	nor
Springe	properNoun	swe	Springe	properNoun	nor
Springtail Point	properNoun	swe	Springtail Point	properNoun	nor
Sprockhövel	properNoun	swe	Sprockhövel	properNoun	nor
Sprogø	properNoun	swe	Sprogø	properNoun	nor
Spångsholm	properNoun	swe	Spångsholm	properNoun	nor
Srebarna	properNoun	swe	Srebarna	properNoun	nor
Sredna Gora	properNoun	swe	Sredna Gora	properNoun	nor
Srednekolymsk	properNoun	swe	Srednekolymsk	properNoun	nor
Sredneuralsk	properNoun	swe	Sredneuralsk	properNoun	nor
Srem	properNoun	swe	Srem	properNoun	nor
Sri Lanka	properNoun	swe	Sri Lanka	properNoun	nor
St Albans	properNoun	swe	St. Albans	properNoun	nor
St Andrews	properNoun	swe	St. Andrews	properNoun	nor
St Austell	properNoun	swe	St. Austell	properNoun	nor
St Columb Major	properNoun	swe	St. Columb Major	properNoun	nor
St Helens	properNoun	swe	St Helens	properNoun	nor
St Kilda	properNoun	swe	St. Kilda	properNoun	nor
St Kilda	properNoun	swe	St Kilda	properNoun	nor
Staack Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Staack Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Staadt	properNoun	swe	Staadt	properNoun	nor
Stabblandet	properNoun	swe	Stabblandet	properNoun	nor
Stabbursdalens nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Stabbursdalen nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Stabburselva	properNoun	swe	Stabburselva	properNoun	nor
Stachanov	properNoun	swe	Stakhanov	properNoun	nor
Stade	properNoun	swe	Stade	properNoun	nor
Stadium of Light	properNoun	swe	Stadium of Light	properNoun	nor
Stadland	properNoun	swe	Stadland	properNoun	nor
Stadsholmen	properNoun	swe	Stadsholmen	properNoun	nor
Stadtgarten	properNoun	swe	Stadtgarten	properNoun	nor
Stadtilm	properNoun	swe	Stadtilm	properNoun	nor
Stadtlohn	properNoun	swe	Stadtlohn	properNoun	nor
Stadtoldendorf	properNoun	swe	Stadtoldendorf	properNoun	nor
Staffa	properNoun	swe	Staffa	properNoun	nor
Staffanstorp	properNoun	swe	Staffanstorp	properNoun	nor
Staffanstorps kommun	properNoun	swe	Staffanstorp kommune	properNoun	nor
Staffelbach	properNoun	swe	Staffelbach	properNoun	nor
Staffordshire	properNoun	swe	Staffordshire	properNoun	nor
Stahle	properNoun	swe	Stahle	properNoun	nor
Stahnsdorf	properNoun	swe	Stahnsdorf	properNoun	nor
Stair Hill	properNoun	swe	Stair Hill	properNoun	nor
Stalbridge	properNoun	swe	Stalbridge	properNoun	nor
Stalinskraporna	properNoun	swe	Dei sju systrene i Moskva	properNoun	nor
Stallarholmen	properNoun	swe	Stallarholmen	properNoun	nor
Stallberg	properNoun	swe	Stallberg	properNoun	nor
Stallikon	properNoun	swe	Stallikon	properNoun	nor
Stamford	properNoun	swe	Stamford	properNoun	nor
Stammerspitz	properNoun	swe	Stammerspitze	properNoun	nor
Stamnen	properNoun	swe	Stamnen	properNoun	nor
Stancliff	properNoun	swe	Stancliff	properNoun	nor
Stanford Linear Accelerator Center	properNoun	swe	Stanford Linear Accelerator Center	properNoun	nor
Stanford Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Stanford Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Stanford Plateau	properNoun	swe	Stanford Plateau	properNoun	nor
Stanford University	properNoun	swe	Stanford University	properNoun	nor
Stanovojbergen	properNoun	swe	Stanovojfjella	properNoun	nor
Stanovojbergen	properNoun	swe	Stanovojfjellene	properNoun	nor
Stans	properNoun	swe	Stans	properNoun	nor
Stansbury Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Stansbury Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Stanserhorn	properNoun	swe	Stanserhorn	properNoun	nor
Stansstad	properNoun	swe	Stansstad	properNoun	nor
Stanton Group	properNoun	swe	Stanton Group	properNoun	nor
Stanton Harcourt	properNoun	swe	Stanton Harcourt	properNoun	nor
Stanton Hills	properNoun	swe	Stanton Hills	properNoun	nor
Stanwix Ridge	properNoun	swe	Stanwix Ridge	properNoun	nor
Stapel	properNoun	swe	Stapel	properNoun	nor
Stapelmoor	properNoun	swe	Stapelmoor	properNoun	nor
Star Theatre	properNoun	swe	Star Theatre	properNoun	nor
Stara Wieś	properNoun	swe	Stara Wieś	properNoun	nor
Stara Zagora	properNoun	swe	Stara Zagora	properNoun	nor
Staraja Ladoga	properNoun	swe	Staraja Ladoga	properNoun	nor
Staraja Russa	properNoun	swe	Staraja Russa	properNoun	nor
Stari Most	properNoun	swe	Stari Most	properNoun	nor
Stari Most	properNoun	swe	Stari most	properNoun	nor
Starobilsk	properNoun	swe	Starobilsk	properNoun	nor
Starodub	properNoun	swe	Starodub	properNoun	nor
Starosel Gate	properNoun	swe	Starosel Gate	properNoun	nor
Starr Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Starr Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Starr Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Starr Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Starrkärr och Näs	properNoun	swe	Starrkärr och Näs	properNoun	nor
Staryj Oskol	properNoun	swe	Staryj Oskol	properNoun	nor
Stateline	properNoun	swe	Stateline	properNoun	nor
Staten Kreta	properNoun	swe	Den kretiske stat	properNoun	nor
Staten Kreta	properNoun	swe	Den kretiske staten	properNoun	nor
Statens Kunstakademi	properNoun	swe	Statens Kunstakademi	properNoun	nor
Statens Kunstakademi	properNoun	swe	Statens kunstakademi	properNoun	nor
Statens Museum for Kunst	properNoun	swe	Statens Museum for Kunst	properNoun	nor
Statens Serum Institut	properNoun	swe	Statens Serum Institut	properNoun	nor
Statens kartverk	properNoun	swe	Statens kartverk	properNoun	nor
Static Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Static Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Station Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Station Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Station Tarn	properNoun	swe	Station Tarn	properNoun	nor
Statler Hills	properNoun	swe	Statler Hills	properNoun	nor
Staubbachfall	properNoun	swe	Staubbachfall	properNoun	nor
Staufen	properNoun	swe	Staufen	properNoun	nor
Staufenberg	properNoun	swe	Staufenberg	properNoun	nor
Staun	properNoun	swe	Staun	properNoun	nor
Stav	properNoun	swe	Stav	properNoun	nor
Stava	properNoun	swe	Stava	properNoun	nor
Stavanger flygplats	properNoun	swe	Stavanger lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Stavanger flygplats	properNoun	swe	Stavanger lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Stavangers domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Stavanger domkirke	properNoun	nor
Stavangers domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Stavanger domkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Stavby	properNoun	swe	Stavby	properNoun	nor
Staveley	properNoun	swe	Staveley	properNoun	nor
Stavreviken	properNoun	swe	Stavreviken	properNoun	nor
Stavropol kraj	properNoun	swe	Stavropol kraj	properNoun	nor
Stavropol kraj	properNoun	swe	Stavropol	properNoun	nor
Stavropol	properNoun	swe	Stavropol	properNoun	nor
Stavsjö	properNoun	swe	Stavsjö	properNoun	nor
Stavsnäs	properNoun	swe	Stavsnäs	properNoun	nor
Steamboat Springs	properNoun	swe	Steamboat Springs	properNoun	nor
Stebbing	properNoun	swe	Stebbing	properNoun	nor
Stecknadelhorn	properNoun	swe	Stecknadelhorn	properNoun	nor
Steeg	properNoun	swe	Steeg	properNoun	nor
Steffisburg	properNoun	swe	Steffisburg	properNoun	nor
Steg	properNoun	swe	Steg	properNoun	nor
Stegastein	properNoun	swe	Stegastein	properNoun	nor
Steghorn	properNoun	swe	Steghorn	properNoun	nor
Stehag	properNoun	swe	Stehag	properNoun	nor
Steiermark	properNoun	swe	Steiermark	properNoun	nor
Steigerwald	properNoun	swe	Steigerwald	properNoun	nor
Steina	properNoun	swe	Steina	properNoun	nor
Steinach am Brenner	properNoun	swe	Steinach am Brenner	properNoun	nor
Steinach	properNoun	swe	Steinach	properNoun	nor
Steinau	properNoun	swe	Steinau	properNoun	nor
Steinbeck	properNoun	swe	Steinbeck	properNoun	nor
Steinbruvannet	properNoun	swe	Steinbruvann	properNoun	nor
Steinbruvannet	properNoun	swe	Steinbruvannet	properNoun	nor
Steinbüchel	properNoun	swe	Steinbüchel	properNoun	nor
Steinernes Meer	properNoun	swe	Steinernes Meer	properNoun	nor
Steinert	properNoun	swe	Steinert	properNoun	nor
Steinfeld	properNoun	swe	Steinfeld	properNoun	nor
Steinfila	properNoun	swe	Steinfila	properNoun	nor
Steinfurt	properNoun	swe	Steinfurt	properNoun	nor
Steinfurth	properNoun	swe	Steinfurth	properNoun	nor
Steinhagen	properNoun	swe	Steinhagen	properNoun	nor
Steinhaus	properNoun	swe	Steinhaus	properNoun	nor
Steinhausen	properNoun	swe	Steinhausen	properNoun	nor
Steinheil	properNoun	swe	Steinheil	properNoun	nor
Steinheim an der Murr	properNoun	swe	Steinheim an der Murr	properNoun	nor
Steinheim	properNoun	swe	Steinheim	properNoun	nor
Steinhuder Meer	properNoun	swe	Steinhuder Meer	properNoun	nor
Steinhüshorn	properNoun	swe	Steinhüshorn	properNoun	nor
Steinlauihorn	properNoun	swe	Steinlauihorn	properNoun	nor
Steinsdalsfossen	properNoun	swe	Steinsdalsfossen	properNoun	nor
Steinsfjorden	properNoun	swe	Steinsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Steinvikholm	properNoun	swe	Steinvikholm slott	properNoun	nor
Steinvikholm	properNoun	swe	Steinvikholmen	properNoun	nor
Stelberg	properNoun	swe	Stelberg	properNoun	nor
Stellar Crests	properNoun	swe	Stellar Crests	properNoun	nor
Stelle	properNoun	swe	Stelle	properNoun	nor
Stemmen	properNoun	swe	Stemmen	properNoun	nor
Stemmer	properNoun	swe	Stemmer	properNoun	nor
Stenbockens vändkrets	properNoun	swe	Steinbukken sin vendekrins	properNoun	nor
Stenbockens vändkrets	properNoun	swe	Stenbukkens vendekrets	properNoun	nor
Stendal	properNoun	swe	Stendal	properNoun	nor
Stenersenmuseet	properNoun	swe	Stenersenmuseet	properNoun	nor
Stengade	properNoun	swe	Stengade	properNoun	nor
Stenhamra	properNoun	swe	Stenhamra	properNoun	nor
Stenhousemuir	properNoun	swe	Stenhousemuir	properNoun	nor
Steniga Tunguska	properNoun	swe	Steinete Tunguska	properNoun	nor
Steninge	properNoun	swe	Steninge	properNoun	nor
Stenje	properNoun	swe	Stenje	properNoun	nor
Stenkatoppen	properNoun	swe	Stenkatoppen	properNoun	nor
Stensele	properNoun	swe	Stensele	properNoun	nor
Stensjön	properNoun	swe	Stensjön	properNoun	nor
Stenstorp	properNoun	swe	Stenstorp	properNoun	nor
Stensund och Krymla	properNoun	swe	Stensund och Krymla	properNoun	nor
Stensån	properNoun	swe	Stensån	properNoun	nor
Stenungsund	properNoun	swe	Stenungsund	properNoun	nor
Stenungsunds kommun	properNoun	swe	Stenungsund kommune	properNoun	nor
Stenungsön	properNoun	swe	Stenungsön	properNoun	nor
Stephen Sondheim Theatre	properNoun	swe	Stephen Sondheim Theatre	properNoun	nor
Stephenson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Stephenson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Stepup Col	properNoun	swe	Stepup Col	properNoun	nor
Sterkrade	properNoun	swe	Sterkrade	properNoun	nor
Sterlington	properNoun	swe	Sterlington	properNoun	nor
Sterlitamak	properNoun	swe	Sterlitamak	properNoun	nor
Sternberg	properNoun	swe	Sternberg	properNoun	nor
Sternenfels	properNoun	swe	Sternenfels	properNoun	nor
Sterzenbach	properNoun	swe	Sterzenbach	properNoun	nor
Stetind	properNoun	swe	Stetind	properNoun	nor
Stetind	properNoun	swe	Stetinden	properNoun	nor
Stetson University	properNoun	swe	Stetson University	properNoun	nor
Stetten am kalten Markt	properNoun	swe	Stetten am kalten Markt	properNoun	nor
Stetten	properNoun	swe	Stetten	properNoun	nor
Stettlen	properNoun	swe	Stettlen	properNoun	nor
Steubenville	properNoun	swe	Steubenville	properNoun	nor
Stevenage	properNoun	swe	Stevenage	properNoun	nor
Steventon	properNoun	swe	Steventon	properNoun	nor
Stever	properNoun	swe	Stever	properNoun	nor
Stevns klint	properNoun	swe	Stevns Klint	properNoun	nor
Stevns kommun	properNoun	swe	Stevns kommune	properNoun	nor
Stewart Heights	properNoun	swe	Stewart Heights	properNoun	nor
Stewart Hills	properNoun	swe	Stewart Hills	properNoun	nor
Stewart Stacks	properNoun	swe	Stewart Stacks	properNoun	nor
Steyerberg	properNoun	swe	Steyerberg	properNoun	nor
Steyr	properNoun	swe	Steyr	properNoun	nor
Stickle Ridge	properNoun	swe	Stickle Ridge	properNoun	nor
Sticklinge udde	properNoun	swe	Sticklinge udde	properNoun	nor
Stidsvig	properNoun	swe	Stidsvig	properNoun	nor
Stiefelhagen	properNoun	swe	Stiefelhagen	properNoun	nor
Stiege	properNoun	swe	Stiege	properNoun	nor
Stieldorf	properNoun	swe	Stieldorf	properNoun	nor
Stiepel	properNoun	swe	Stiepel	properNoun	nor
Stierva	properNoun	swe	Stierva	properNoun	nor
Stigant Point	properNoun	swe	Stigant Point	properNoun	nor
Stigtomta	properNoun	swe	Stigtomta	properNoun	nor
Stikkaåsen	properNoun	swe	Stikkaåsen	properNoun	nor
Stinear Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Stinear Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Štip	properNoun	swe	Sjtip	properNoun	nor
Stirpe	properNoun	swe	Stirpe	properNoun	nor
Stjerneborg	properNoun	swe	Stjerneborg	properNoun	nor
Stjernøya	properNoun	swe	Stjernøya	properNoun	nor
Stjärnhov	properNoun	swe	Stjärnhov	properNoun	nor
Stjördalsälven	properNoun	swe	Stjørdalselva	properNoun	nor
Stjørdalshalsen	properNoun	swe	Stjørdalshalsen	properNoun	nor
Stoby	properNoun	swe	Stoby	properNoun	nor
Stocka	properNoun	swe	Stocka	properNoun	nor
Stockamöllan	properNoun	swe	Stockamöllan	properNoun	nor
Stockaryd	properNoun	swe	Stockaryd	properNoun	nor
Stockdale	properNoun	swe	Stockdale	properNoun	nor
Stockem	properNoun	swe	Stockem	properNoun	nor
Stockert	properNoun	swe	Stockert	properNoun	nor
Stockey	properNoun	swe	Stockey	properNoun	nor
Stockhausen	properNoun	swe	Stockhausen	properNoun	nor
Stockholms domkyrkoförsamling	properNoun	swe	Stockholms domkyrkoförsamling	properNoun	nor
Stockholms kommun	properNoun	swe	Stockholm kommune	properNoun	nor
Stockholms län	properNoun	swe	Stockholms län	properNoun	nor
Stockholms skärgård	properNoun	swe	Stockholms skjergard	properNoun	nor
Stockholms skärgård	properNoun	swe	Stockholms skjærgård	properNoun	nor
Stockholms stadshus	properNoun	swe	Stockholms stadshus	properNoun	nor
Stockholmsgade	properNoun	swe	Stockholmsgade	properNoun	nor
Stockholmsmässan	properNoun	swe	Stockholmsmässan	properNoun	nor
Stockport	properNoun	swe	Stockport	properNoun	nor
Stocksbridge	properNoun	swe	Stocksbridge	properNoun	nor
Stocksund	properNoun	swe	Stocksund	properNoun	nor
Stockum	properNoun	swe	Stockum	properNoun	nor
Stockvik	properNoun	swe	Stockvik	properNoun	nor
Stoenești	properNoun	swe	Stoenești	properNoun	nor
Stokesley	properNoun	swe	Stokesley	properNoun	nor
Stokmarknes flygplats	properNoun	swe	Stokmarknes lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Stokmarknes flygplats	properNoun	swe	Stokmarknes lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Stolberg	properNoun	swe	Stolberg	properNoun	nor
Stolbovojön	properNoun	swe	Stolbovoj	properNoun	nor
Stollen	properNoun	swe	Stollen	properNoun	nor
Stolmen	properNoun	swe	Stolmen	properNoun	nor
Stommeln	properNoun	swe	Stommeln	properNoun	nor
Stonehaven	properNoun	swe	Stonehaven	properNoun	nor
Stonehenge	properNoun	swe	Stonehenge	properNoun	nor
Stonehocker Point	properNoun	swe	Stonehocker Point	properNoun	nor
Stony Stratford	properNoun	swe	Stony Stratford	properNoun	nor
Stopes Point	properNoun	swe	Stopes Point	properNoun	nor
Stora Bugärde	properNoun	swe	Stora Bugärde	properNoun	nor
Stora Bält	properNoun	swe	Storebælt	properNoun	nor
Stora Bältbron	properNoun	swe	Storebæltsambandet	properNoun	nor
Stora Bältbron	properNoun	swe	Storebæltsbroen	properNoun	nor
Stora Drammen	properNoun	swe	Stora Drammen	properNoun	nor
Stora Dyrön	properNoun	swe	Stora Dyrön	properNoun	nor
Stora Essingen	properNoun	swe	Stora Essingen	properNoun	nor
Stora Förö	properNoun	swe	Stora Förö	properNoun	nor
Stora Herrestad	properNoun	swe	Stora Herrestad	properNoun	nor
Stora Höga	properNoun	swe	Stora Höga	properNoun	nor
Stora Karlsö	properNoun	swe	Stora Karlsö	properNoun	nor
Stora Kaukasus	properNoun	swe	Store Kaukasus	properNoun	nor
Stora Le	properNoun	swe	Store Le	properNoun	nor
Stora Levene	properNoun	swe	Stora Levene	properNoun	nor
Stora Lulevatten	properNoun	swe	Stora Lulevatten	properNoun	nor
Stora Mellby	properNoun	swe	Stora Mellby	properNoun	nor
Stora Mellösa	properNoun	swe	Stora Mellösa	properNoun	nor
Stora Saltsjön	properNoun	swe	Store Saltsjø	properNoun	nor
Stora Skogssjön	properNoun	swe	Stora Skogssjön	properNoun	nor
Stora Sundby	properNoun	swe	Stora Sundby	properNoun	nor
Stora Torungen fyr	properNoun	swe	Store Torungen fyr	properNoun	nor
Stora Torungen fyr	properNoun	swe	Store Torungen fyrstasjon	properNoun	nor
Stora Victoriaöknen	properNoun	swe	Victoriaørkenen	properNoun	nor
Stora Vika	properNoun	swe	Stora Vika	properNoun	nor
Stora Zimbabwe	properNoun	swe	Store Zimbabwe	properNoun	nor
Stora alvaret	properNoun	swe	Stora alvaret	properNoun	nor
Stora arktiska naturreservatet	properNoun	swe	Det store arktiske statlege naturreservatet	properNoun	nor
Stora barriärrevet	properNoun	swe	Det store barriererevet	properNoun	nor
Stora barriärrevet	properNoun	swe	Great Barrier Reef	properNoun	nor
Stora branden i London	properNoun	swe	Bybrannen i London	properNoun	nor
Stora europeiska slätten	properNoun	swe	Den europeiske sletta	properNoun	nor
Stora europeiska slätten	properNoun	swe	Den europeiske slette	properNoun	nor
Stora kanalen	properNoun	swe	Keisarkanalen	properNoun	nor
Stora kanalen	properNoun	swe	Keiserkanalen	properNoun	nor
Stora sjöarna	properNoun	swe	De store sjøer	properNoun	nor
Stora sjöarna	properNoun	swe	Dei store sjøane	properNoun	nor
Stora ungerska slättlandet	properNoun	swe	Den ungarske sletta	properNoun	nor
Stora ungerska slättlandet	properNoun	swe	Den ungarske slette	properNoun	nor
Storavan	properNoun	swe	Storavan	properNoun	nor
Storbritanniens riksregalier	properNoun	swe	Dei britiske kronjuvelane	properNoun	nor
Storbritanniens riksregalier	properNoun	swe	Storbritannias kronregalier	properNoun	nor
Stord flygplats	properNoun	swe	Stord Lufthamn Sørstokken	properNoun	nor
Stord flygplats	properNoun	swe	Stord lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Store Kongensgade	properNoun	swe	Store Kongensgade	properNoun	nor
Storebro	properNoun	swe	Storebro	properNoun	nor
Storebø	properNoun	swe	Storebø	properNoun	nor
Storegutt	properNoun	swe	Storegutt	properNoun	nor
Storegården	properNoun	swe	Storegården	properNoun	nor
Storelva	properNoun	swe	Storelva	properNoun	nor
Storer	properNoun	swe	Storer	properNoun	nor
Storfors kommun	properNoun	swe	Storfors kommune	properNoun	nor
Storfors	properNoun	swe	Storfors	properNoun	nor
Storglaciären	properNoun	swe	Storglaciären	properNoun	nor
Storhaug	properNoun	swe	Storhaug	properNoun	nor
Storhertigdömet Toscana	properNoun	swe	Storhertugdømet Toscana	properNoun	nor
Storhertigdömet Toscana	properNoun	swe	Storhertugdømmet Toscana	properNoun	nor
Storjoen	properNoun	swe	Storjoen	properNoun	nor
Storjoudan	properNoun	swe	Storjoudan	properNoun	nor
Storjuktan	properNoun	swe	Storjuktan	properNoun	nor
Stork Ridge	properNoun	swe	Stork Ridge	properNoun	nor
Storkvarvet	properNoun	swe	Storkvarvet	properNoun	nor
Storkvarvsteinen	properNoun	swe	Storkvarvsteinen	properNoun	nor
Storkyro	properNoun	swe	Storkyro	properNoun	nor
Storlondon	properNoun	swe	Stor-London	properNoun	nor
Storozjynets	properNoun	swe	Storozjynets	properNoun	nor
Storpolens vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Storpolske voivodskap	properNoun	nor
Storsjön	properNoun	swe	Storsjön	properNoun	nor
Storsteinnes	properNoun	swe	Storsteinnes	properNoun	nor
Storstrøms amt	properNoun	swe	Storstrøms amt	properNoun	nor
Storsylen	properNoun	swe	Storsylen	properNoun	nor
Storumans kommun	properNoun	swe	Storuman kommune	properNoun	nor
Storvik	properNoun	swe	Storvik	properNoun	nor
Storvindeln	properNoun	swe	Storvindeln	properNoun	nor
Storvreta	properNoun	swe	Storvreta	properNoun	nor
Storvätteshågna	properNoun	swe	Storvätteshågna	properNoun	nor
Storå	properNoun	swe	Storå	properNoun	nor
Stotfold	properNoun	swe	Stotfold	properNoun	nor
Stotzheim	properNoun	swe	Stotzheim	properNoun	nor
Stowmarket	properNoun	swe	Stowmarket	properNoun	nor
Stołowebergen	properNoun	swe	Stołowefjella	properNoun	nor
Strabane	properNoun	swe	Strabane	properNoun	nor
Strachey Stump	properNoun	swe	Strachey Stump	properNoun	nor
Straelen	properNoun	swe	Straelen	properNoun	nor
Straldzja	properNoun	swe	Straldzha	properNoun	nor
Straldzja	properNoun	swe	Straldzja	properNoun	nor
Stralsund	properNoun	swe	Stralsund	properNoun	nor
Strandgade	properNoun	swe	Strandgade	properNoun	nor
Strandnibba	properNoun	swe	Strandnebba	properNoun	nor
Strandnorum	properNoun	swe	Strandnorum	properNoun	nor
Strandrudfjellet	properNoun	swe	Strandrudfjellet	properNoun	nor
Strandvejen	properNoun	swe	Strandvejen	properNoun	nor
Strandvik	properNoun	swe	Strandvik	properNoun	nor
Strandzha	properNoun	swe	Strandzja	properNoun	nor
Stranger Point	properNoun	swe	Stranger Point	properNoun	nor
Strasbourgs spårväg	properNoun	swe	Sporvogn i Strasbourg	properNoun	nor
Stratton Hills	properNoun	swe	Stratton Hills	properNoun	nor
Straubing	properNoun	swe	Straubing	properNoun	nor
Straumsvola	properNoun	swe	Straumsvola	properNoun	nor
Strawn Pass	properNoun	swe	Strawn Pass	properNoun	nor
Straßberg	properNoun	swe	Straßberg	properNoun	nor
Straßburg	properNoun	swe	Straßburg	properNoun	nor
Straße	properNoun	swe	Straße	properNoun	nor
Štrbské pleso	properNoun	swe	Štrbské pleso	properNoun	nor
Streithorst	properNoun	swe	Streithorst	properNoun	nor
Strengelbach	properNoun	swe	Strengelbach	properNoun	nor
Stretford	properNoun	swe	Stretford	properNoun	nor
Streymoy	properNoun	swe	Streymoy	properNoun	nor
Strezjevoj	properNoun	swe	Strezjevoj	properNoun	nor
Striated Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Striated Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Striation Valley	properNoun	swe	Striation Valley	properNoun	nor
Striberg	properNoun	swe	Striberg	properNoun	nor
Strick	properNoun	swe	Strick	properNoun	nor
Strickland Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Strickland Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Strider Rock	properNoun	swe	Strider Rock	properNoun	nor
Striped Hill	properNoun	swe	Striped Hill	properNoun	nor
Strobl	properNoun	swe	Strobl	properNoun	nor
Strokkur	properNoun	swe	Strokkur	properNoun	nor
Strom	properNoun	swe	Strom	properNoun	nor
Stromberg	properNoun	swe	Stromberg	properNoun	nor
Stromboli	properNoun	swe	Stromboli	properNoun	nor
Strombus Ridge	properNoun	swe	Strombus Ridge	properNoun	nor
Stromness	properNoun	swe	Stromness	properNoun	nor
Stroschein	properNoun	swe	Stroschein	properNoun	nor
Struga	properNoun	swe	Struga	properNoun	nor
Struma	properNoun	swe	Struma	properNoun	nor
Strumica	properNoun	swe	Strumitsa	properNoun	nor
Struthof	properNoun	swe	Struthof	properNoun	nor
Strybing	properNoun	swe	Strybing	properNoun	nor
Stryj	properNoun	swe	Stryj	properNoun	nor
Strymoniska viken	properNoun	swe	Strymónasbukta	properNoun	nor
Strängnäs kommun	properNoun	swe	Strängnäs kommune	properNoun	nor
Strängnäs	properNoun	swe	Strängnäs	properNoun	nor
Strålsjön	properNoun	swe	Strålsjön	properNoun	nor
Strålsnäs	properNoun	swe	Strålsnäs	properNoun	nor
Strångsjö	properNoun	swe	Strångsjö	properNoun	nor
Stråssa	properNoun	swe	Stråssa	properNoun	nor
Ströja	properNoun	swe	Ströja	properNoun	nor
Strömma	properNoun	swe	Strömma	properNoun	nor
Ströms Vattudal	properNoun	swe	Ströms Vattudal	properNoun	nor
Strömsborg	properNoun	swe	Strömsborg	properNoun	nor
Strömsbruk	properNoun	swe	Strömsbruk	properNoun	nor
Strömsfors	properNoun	swe	Strömsfors	properNoun	nor
Strömsholm	properNoun	swe	Strömsholm	properNoun	nor
Strömsnäsbruk	properNoun	swe	Strömsnäsbruk	properNoun	nor
Strömstads kommun	properNoun	swe	Strömstad kommune	properNoun	nor
Strömsund	properNoun	swe	Strömsund	properNoun	nor
Strömsunds kommun	properNoun	swe	Strömsund kommune	properNoun	nor
Strövelstorp	properNoun	swe	Strövelstorp	properNoun	nor
Strøget	properNoun	swe	Strøget	properNoun	nor
Strümp	properNoun	swe	Strümp	properNoun	nor
Stubaier Wildspitze	properNoun	swe	Stubaier Wildspitze	properNoun	nor
Stubbs Pass	properNoun	swe	Stubbs Pass	properNoun	nor
Stucklistock	properNoun	swe	Stucklistock	properNoun	nor
Studberg	properNoun	swe	Studberg	properNoun	nor
Studen	properNoun	swe	Studen	properNoun	nor
Studena Point	properNoun	swe	Studena Point	properNoun	nor
Studiestræde	properNoun	swe	Studiestræde	properNoun	nor
Studio 54	properNoun	swe	Studio 54	properNoun	nor
Stugun	properNoun	swe	Stugun	properNoun	nor
Stuhr	properNoun	swe	Stuhr	properNoun	nor
Stuiver Valley	properNoun	swe	Stuiver Valley	properNoun	nor
Stukenbrock	properNoun	swe	Stukenbrock	properNoun	nor
Stuorrajekna	properNoun	swe	Stuorrajekna	properNoun	nor
Stuorrajekna	properNoun	swe	Stuorrajiegŋa	properNoun	nor
Stupino	properNoun	swe	Stupino	properNoun	nor
Sturefors	properNoun	swe	Sturefors	properNoun	nor
Sturkö	properNoun	swe	Sturkö	properNoun	nor
Sturminster Newton	properNoun	swe	Sturminster Newton	properNoun	nor
Styr	properNoun	swe	Styr	properNoun	nor
Styrbordsknattane	properNoun	swe	Styrbordsknattane	properNoun	nor
Styrsö	properNoun	swe	Styrsö	properNoun	nor
Styrum	properNoun	swe	Styrum	properNoun	nor
Ställdalen	properNoun	swe	Ställdalen	properNoun	nor
Stätzerhorn	properNoun	swe	Stätzer Horn	properNoun	nor
Stånga	properNoun	swe	Stånga	properNoun	nor
Stångby	properNoun	swe	Stångby	properNoun	nor
Stångån	properNoun	swe	Stångån	properNoun	nor
Stóra Dímun	properNoun	swe	Stóra Dímun	properNoun	nor
Stöcke	properNoun	swe	Stöcke	properNoun	nor
Stöcken	properNoun	swe	Stöcken	properNoun	nor
Stöcksjö	properNoun	swe	Stöcksjö	properNoun	nor
Stöde	properNoun	swe	Stöde	properNoun	nor
Stöllet	properNoun	swe	Stöllet	properNoun	nor
Stöpen	properNoun	swe	Stöpen	properNoun	nor
Stör	properNoun	swe	Stör	properNoun	nor
Stüsslingen	properNoun	swe	Stüsslingen	properNoun	nor
Suances	properNoun	swe	Suances	properNoun	nor
Suarez Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Suarez Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Subotica	properNoun	swe	Subotica	properNoun	nor
Subtense Valley	properNoun	swe	Subtense Valley	properNoun	nor
Suceava	properNoun	swe	Suceava	properNoun	nor
Suchumi	properNoun	swe	Sukhumi	properNoun	nor
Suck	properNoun	swe	Suck	properNoun	nor
Sucre	properNoun	swe	Sucre	properNoun	nor
Sud	properNoun	swe	Sud	properNoun	nor
Sudak	properNoun	swe	Sudak	properNoun	nor
Sudbury	properNoun	swe	Sudbury	properNoun	nor
Sudeterna	properNoun	swe	Sudetane	properNoun	nor
Sudeterna	properNoun	swe	Sudetene	properNoun	nor
Suess	properNoun	swe	Suess	properNoun	nor
Suezviken	properNoun	swe	Suezbukta	properNoun	nor
Suezviken	properNoun	swe	Suezbukten	properNoun	nor
Sufers	properNoun	swe	Sufers	properNoun	nor
Suffolk	properNoun	swe	Suffolk	properNoun	nor
Suhindol Point	properNoun	swe	Suhindol Point	properNoun	nor
Suhl	properNoun	swe	Suhl	properNoun	nor
Suihua	properNoun	swe	Suihua	properNoun	nor
Suining	properNoun	swe	Suining	properNoun	nor
Suir	properNoun	swe	Suir	properNoun	nor
Suizhou	properNoun	swe	Suizhou	properNoun	nor
Sukkertoppen	properNoun	swe	Sukkertoppen	properNoun	nor
Sulawesisjön	properNoun	swe	Celebessjøen	properNoun	nor
Sulawesisjön	properNoun	swe	Sulawesihavet	properNoun	nor
Sulina	properNoun	swe	Sulina	properNoun	nor
Sulingen	properNoun	swe	Sulingen	properNoun	nor
Sulitelma	properNoun	swe	Sulitjelma	properNoun	nor
Sullens	properNoun	swe	Sullens	properNoun	nor
Sullivan Heights	properNoun	swe	Sullivan Heights	properNoun	nor
Sullivan Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Sullivan Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Sullivan Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Sullivan Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Sullom Voe	properNoun	swe	Sullom Voe	properNoun	nor
Sulmona	properNoun	swe	Sulmona	properNoun	nor
Sulphide Pass	properNoun	swe	Sulphide Pass	properNoun	nor
Sultanatet Egypten	properNoun	swe	Sultanatet Egypt	properNoun	nor
Sultans Head Rock	properNoun	swe	Sultans Head Rock	properNoun	nor
Sultartangalón	properNoun	swe	Sultartangalón	properNoun	nor
Sulusjön	properNoun	swe	Suluhavet	properNoun	nor
Sulusjön	properNoun	swe	Sulusjøen	properNoun	nor
Sulvik	properNoun	swe	Sulvik	properNoun	nor
Sulzbach an der Murr	properNoun	swe	Sulzbach an der Murr	properNoun	nor
Sumbawa	properNoun	swe	Sumbawa	properNoun	nor
Sumiswald	properNoun	swe	Sumiswald	properNoun	nor
Summerfield	properNoun	swe	Summerfield	properNoun	nor
Summerside	properNoun	swe	Summerside	properNoun	nor
Sumner	properNoun	swe	Sumner	properNoun	nor
Sumter	properNoun	swe	Sumter	properNoun	nor
Sumvitg	properNoun	swe	Sumvitg	properNoun	nor
Sumy oblast	properNoun	swe	Sumy oblast	properNoun	nor
Sumy	properNoun	swe	Sumy	properNoun	nor
Sun City	properNoun	swe	Sun City	properNoun	nor
Sundarban	properNoun	swe	Sundarbans	properNoun	nor
Sundasundet	properNoun	swe	Sundastredet	properNoun	nor
Sundasundet	properNoun	swe	Sundasundet	properNoun	nor
Sundaöarna	properNoun	swe	Sundaøyane	properNoun	nor
Sundaöarna	properNoun	swe	Sundaøyene	properNoun	nor
Sundborn	properNoun	swe	Sundborn	properNoun	nor
Sundbybergs kommun	properNoun	swe	Sundbyberg kommune	properNoun	nor
Sundbyholm	properNoun	swe	Sundbyholm	properNoun	nor
Sundern	properNoun	swe	Sundern	properNoun	nor
Sundhultsbrunn	properNoun	swe	Sundhultsbrunn	properNoun	nor
Sundsbruk	properNoun	swe	Sundsbruk	properNoun	nor
Sundsvall	properNoun	swe	Sundsvall	properNoun	nor
Sundsvalls kommun	properNoun	swe	Sundsvall kommune	properNoun	nor
Sundvollen	properNoun	swe	Sundvollen	properNoun	nor
Sungold Hill	properNoun	swe	Sungold Hill	properNoun	nor
Sunker Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Sunker Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Sunnansjö	properNoun	swe	Sunnansjö	properNoun	nor
Sunndal	properNoun	swe	Sundal	properNoun	nor
Sunne kommun	properNoun	swe	Sunne kommune	properNoun	nor
Sunnemo	properNoun	swe	Sunnemo	properNoun	nor
Sunningen	properNoun	swe	Sunningen	properNoun	nor
Suobbatträsket	properNoun	swe	Suobbatträsket	properNoun	nor
Suojärvi	properNoun	swe	Suojarvi	properNoun	nor
Suomussalmi	properNoun	swe	Suomussalmi	properNoun	nor
Supernal	properNoun	swe	Supernal	properNoun	nor
Supphellebreen	properNoun	swe	Supphellebreen	properNoun	nor
Supporters Range	properNoun	swe	Supporters Range	properNoun	nor
Supporting Party Mountain	properNoun	swe	Supporting Party Mountain	properNoun	nor
Suqian	properNoun	swe	Suqian	properNoun	nor
Sur Carungas	properNoun	swe	Sur Carungas	properNoun	nor
Sur	properNoun	swe	Sur	properNoun	nor
Surabaya	properNoun	swe	Surabaja	properNoun	nor
Surabaya	properNoun	swe	Surabaya	properNoun	nor
Surahammar	properNoun	swe	Surahammar	properNoun	nor
Surahammars kommun	properNoun	swe	Surahammar kommune	properNoun	nor
Suraua	properNoun	swe	Suraua	properNoun	nor
Surava	properNoun	swe	Surava	properNoun	nor
Surettahorn	properNoun	swe	Surettahorn	properNoun	nor
Surgut	properNoun	swe	Surgut	properNoun	nor
Surpierre	properNoun	swe	Surpierre	properNoun	nor
Surselva	properNoun	swe	Surselva	properNoun	nor
Surte	properNoun	swe	Surte	properNoun	nor
Surtsey	properNoun	swe	Surtsey	properNoun	nor
Surveyors Range	properNoun	swe	Surveyors Range	properNoun	nor
Susa	properNoun	swe	Susa	properNoun	nor
Sušak	properNoun	swe	Sušak	properNoun	nor
Susch	properNoun	swe	Susch	properNoun	nor
Suscévaz	properNoun	swe	Suscévaz	properNoun	nor
Suseån	properNoun	swe	Suseån	properNoun	nor
Sustenhorn	properNoun	swe	Sustenhorn	properNoun	nor
Susuman	properNoun	swe	Susuman	properNoun	nor
Sutla	properNoun	swe	Sutla	properNoun	nor
Sutri	properNoun	swe	Sutri	properNoun	nor
Sutton Coldfield	properNoun	swe	Sutton Coldfield	properNoun	nor
Sutton Heights	properNoun	swe	Sutton Heights	properNoun	nor
Suur Munamägi	properNoun	swe	Suur Munamägi	properNoun	nor
Suva	properNoun	swe	Suva	properNoun	nor
Suvasvesi	properNoun	swe	Suvasvesi	properNoun	nor
Suydam	properNoun	swe	Suydam	properNoun	nor
Suzhou	properNoun	swe	Suzhou	properNoun	nor
Suzzara	properNoun	swe	Suzzara	properNoun	nor
Suðurey	properNoun	swe	Suðurey	properNoun	nor
Suðuroy	properNoun	swe	Suðuroy	properNoun	nor
Svalbard flygplats	properNoun	swe	Svalbard lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Svalbard flygplats	properNoun	swe	Svalbard lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Svalbard globale frøhvelv	properNoun	swe	Svalbard globale frøhvelv	properNoun	nor
Svalbard globale frøhvelv	properNoun	swe	Svalbard globale frøkvelv	properNoun	nor
Svalbards kyrka	properNoun	swe	Svalbard kirke	properNoun	nor
Svalbards kyrka	properNoun	swe	Svalbard kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Svalsta	properNoun	swe	Svalsta	properNoun	nor
Svalöv	properNoun	swe	Svalöv	properNoun	nor
Svalövs kommun	properNoun	swe	Svalöv kommune	properNoun	nor
Svanabyn	properNoun	swe	Svanabyn	properNoun	nor
Svanberga	properNoun	swe	Svanberga	properNoun	nor
Svanesund	properNoun	swe	Svanesund	properNoun	nor
Svanstein	properNoun	swe	Svanstein	properNoun	nor
Svanvik	properNoun	swe	Svanvik	properNoun	nor
Svappavaara	properNoun	swe	Svappavaara	properNoun	nor
Svarta havet	properNoun	swe	Svartehavet	properNoun	nor
Svartbyn	properNoun	swe	Svartbyn	properNoun	nor
Svarte	properNoun	swe	Svarte	properNoun	nor
Svartehallen	properNoun	swe	Svartehallen	properNoun	nor
Svarthausane	properNoun	swe	Svarthausane	properNoun	nor
Svarthorna	properNoun	swe	Svarthorna	properNoun	nor
Svartifoss	properNoun	swe	Svartifoss	properNoun	nor
Svartsjön	properNoun	swe	Svartsjön	properNoun	nor
Svartsö	properNoun	swe	Svartsö	properNoun	nor
Svarttindane	properNoun	swe	Svarttindane	properNoun	nor
Svartvik	properNoun	swe	Svartvik	properNoun	nor
Svartå	properNoun	swe	Svartå	properNoun	nor
Sveaborg	properNoun	swe	Sveaborg	properNoun	nor
Svealand	properNoun	swe	Svealand	properNoun	nor
Svedala kommun	properNoun	swe	Svedala kommune	properNoun	nor
Svedala	properNoun	swe	Svedala	properNoun	nor
Svedens gård	properNoun	swe	Svedens gård	properNoun	nor
Sveg	properNoun	swe	Sveg	properNoun	nor
Svegssjön	properNoun	swe	Svegssjön	properNoun	nor
Svelgen	properNoun	swe	Svelgen	properNoun	nor
Svenljunga kommun	properNoun	swe	Svenljunga kommune	properNoun	nor
Svenljunga	properNoun	swe	Svenljunga	properNoun	nor
Svensbyn	properNoun	swe	Svensbyn	properNoun	nor
Svenshögen	properNoun	swe	Svenshögen	properNoun	nor
Svenska Estland	properNoun	swe	Svensk Estland	properNoun	nor
Svenska Högarna	properNoun	swe	Svenska Högarna	properNoun	nor
Svenska Livland	properNoun	swe	Svensk Livland	properNoun	nor
Svenska Margaretakyrkan	properNoun	swe	Svenska Margaretakyrkan	properNoun	nor
Svenska Pommern	properNoun	swe	Svensk Pommern	properNoun	nor
Svenska kyrkan	properNoun	swe	Svenska kyrkan	properNoun	nor
Svenskøya	properNoun	swe	Svenskøya	properNoun	nor
Svensson Ridge	properNoun	swe	Svensson Ridge	properNoun	nor
Svenstavik	properNoun	swe	Svenstavik	properNoun	nor
Svenstorp	properNoun	swe	Svenstorp	properNoun	nor
Svenstrup	properNoun	swe	Svenstrup	properNoun	nor
Sverd i fjell	properNoun	swe	Sverd i fjell	properNoun	nor
Sverdlovsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Sverdlovsk oblast	properNoun	nor
Sverdrup Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Sverdrup Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Sverdrupfjella	properNoun	swe	Sverdrupfjella	properNoun	nor
Sveriges riksdag	properNoun	swe	Den svenske riksdagen	properNoun	nor
Sveriges riksdag	properNoun	swe	Sveriges riksdag	properNoun	nor
Sverreborga	properNoun	swe	Sverreborga	properNoun	nor
Svetlogorsk	properNoun	swe	Svetlogorsk	properNoun	nor
Svetogorsk	properNoun	swe	Svetogorsk	properNoun	nor
Svinesundsbron	properNoun	swe	Svinesundsbrua	properNoun	nor
Svinndal	properNoun	swe	Svinndal	properNoun	nor
Svinninge	properNoun	swe	Svinninge	properNoun	nor
Svinö	properNoun	swe	Svinö	properNoun	nor
Svir	properNoun	swe	Svir	properNoun	nor
Svitavy	properNoun	swe	Svitavy	properNoun	nor
Svobodnyj	properNoun	swe	Svobodnyj	properNoun	nor
Svoge Knoll	properNoun	swe	Svoge Knoll	properNoun	nor
Svolvær flygplats	properNoun	swe	Svolvær lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Svolvær flygplats	properNoun	swe	Svolvær lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Svortland	properNoun	swe	Svortland	properNoun	nor
Svärdsjö	properNoun	swe	Svärdsjö	properNoun	nor
Svärtaån	properNoun	swe	Svärtaån	properNoun	nor
Svärtinge	properNoun	swe	Svärtinge	properNoun	nor
Svätý Jur	properNoun	swe	Svätý Jur	properNoun	nor
Svínoy	properNoun	swe	Svínoy	properNoun	nor
Švėtė	properNoun	swe	Švėtė	properNoun	nor
Swadener	properNoun	swe	Swadener	properNoun	nor
Swaffham	properNoun	swe	Swaffham	properNoun	nor
Swanage	properNoun	swe	Swanage	properNoun	nor
Swanley	properNoun	swe	Swanley	properNoun	nor
Swanson Mountains	properNoun	swe	Swanson Mountains	properNoun	nor
Swarsen Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Swarsen Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Swartley	properNoun	swe	Swartley	properNoun	nor
Swartz Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Swartz Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Swindon	properNoun	swe	Swindon	properNoun	nor
Swine Hill	properNoun	swe	Swine Hill	properNoun	nor
Swinnerton Ledge	properNoun	swe	Swinnerton Ledge	properNoun	nor
Swiss International Air Lines	properNoun	swe	Swiss International Air Lines	properNoun	nor
Swisttal	properNoun	swe	Swisttal	properNoun	nor
Swithinbank Moraine	properNoun	swe	Swithinbank Moraine	properNoun	nor
Swithinbank Range	properNoun	swe	Swithinbank Range	properNoun	nor
Swords	properNoun	swe	Swords	properNoun	nor
Swyers Point	properNoun	swe	Swyers Point	properNoun	nor
Sya	properNoun	swe	Sya	properNoun	nor
Syberg	properNoun	swe	Syberg	properNoun	nor
Sydalperna	properNoun	swe	Søralpane	properNoun	nor
Sydalperna	properNoun	swe	Søralpene	properNoun	nor
Sydasien	properNoun	swe	Sør-Asia	properNoun	nor
Sydegeiska öarna	properNoun	swe	Dei sørlege egeiske øyane	properNoun	nor
Sydegeiska öarna	properNoun	swe	Sørlige egeiske øyer	properNoun	nor
Sydgeorgien och Sydsandwichöarna	properNoun	swe	Sør-Georgia og Sør-Sandwichøyane	properNoun	nor
Sydgeorgien och Sydsandwichöarna	properNoun	swe	Sør-Georgia og Sør-Sandwichøyene	properNoun	nor
Sydgeorgien	properNoun	swe	Sør-Georgia	properNoun	nor
Sydkazakstan	properNoun	swe	Sør-Kasakhstan	properNoun	nor
Sydkinesiska havet	properNoun	swe	Sørkinahavet	properNoun	nor
Sydorkneyöarna	properNoun	swe	Sør-Orknøyane	properNoun	nor
Sydorkneyöarna	properNoun	swe	Sør-Orknøyene	properNoun	nor
Sydpolen	properNoun	swe	Sydpolen	properNoun	nor
Sydpolen	properNoun	swe	Sørpolen	properNoun	nor
Sydsandwichöarna	properNoun	swe	Sør-Sandwichøyane	properNoun	nor
Sydsandwichöarna	properNoun	swe	Sør-Sandwichøyene	properNoun	nor
Sydshetlandsöarna	properNoun	swe	Sør-Shetlandsøyane	properNoun	nor
Sydshetlandsöarna	properNoun	swe	Sør-Shetlandsøyene	properNoun	nor
Sydstaterna	properNoun	swe	Sørstatane	properNoun	nor
Sydstaterna	properNoun	swe	Sørstatene	properNoun	nor
Sydsudan	properNoun	swe	Sør-Sudan	properNoun	nor
Sydvästra England	properNoun	swe	Sørvest-England	properNoun	nor
Sydön	properNoun	swe	Sørøya	properNoun	nor
Sydöstra England	properNoun	swe	Søraust-England	properNoun	nor
Sydöstra England	properNoun	swe	Sørøst-England	properNoun	nor
Syens	properNoun	swe	Syens	properNoun	nor
Syke	properNoun	swe	Syke	properNoun	nor
Syktyvkar	properNoun	swe	Syktyvkar	properNoun	nor
Sylarna	properNoun	swe	Sylan	properNoun	nor
Sylsjön	properNoun	swe	Sylsjön	properNoun	nor
Sylsjön	properNoun	swe	Sylsjøen	properNoun	nor
Sylt	properNoun	swe	Sylt	properNoun	nor
Sylta	properNoun	swe	Sylta	properNoun	nor
Symes Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Symes Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Symi	properNoun	swe	Symi	properNoun	nor
Symi	properNoun	swe	Sými	properNoun	nor
Syowa	properNoun	swe	Showa	properNoun	nor
Syracuse University	properNoun	swe	Syracuse University	properNoun	nor
Syrakusa	properNoun	swe	Siracusa	properNoun	nor
Syriska inbördeskriget	properNoun	swe	Borgerkrigen	properNoun	nor
Syriska inbördeskriget	properNoun	swe	Den syriske borgarkrigen	properNoun	nor
Syriska öknen	properNoun	swe	Den syriske ørken	properNoun	nor
Syriska öknen	properNoun	swe	Den syriske ørkenen	properNoun	nor
Syros	properNoun	swe	Syros	properNoun	nor
Syros	properNoun	swe	Sýros	properNoun	nor
Syrstad Rock	properNoun	swe	Syrstad Rock	properNoun	nor
Syrtis Hill	properNoun	swe	Syrtis Hill	properNoun	nor
Syrtlingur	properNoun	swe	Syrtlingur	properNoun	nor
Sysert	properNoun	swe	Sysert	properNoun	nor
Sysslebäck	properNoun	swe	Sysslebäck	properNoun	nor
Systerbäck	properNoun	swe	Sestra i Leningrad oblast	properNoun	nor
Systerflesene	properNoun	swe	Systerflesene	properNoun	nor
Syzran	properNoun	swe	Syzran	properNoun	nor
Szeged	properNoun	swe	Szeged	properNoun	nor
Szekszárd	properNoun	swe	Szekszárd	properNoun	nor
Szentes	properNoun	swe	Szentes	properNoun	nor
Szinva	properNoun	swe	Szinva	properNoun	nor
Szolnok	properNoun	swe	Szolnok	properNoun	nor
Szombathely	properNoun	swe	Szombathely	properNoun	nor
Székesfehérvár	properNoun	swe	Székesfehérvár	properNoun	nor
Sâles	properNoun	swe	Sâles	properNoun	nor
São Domingos de Rana	properNoun	swe	São Domingos de Rana	properNoun	nor
São Gregório	properNoun	swe	São Gregório	properNoun	nor
São Jorge	properNoun	swe	São Jorge	properNoun	nor
São João da Baliza	properNoun	swe	São João da Baliza	properNoun	nor
São Miguel do Gostoso	properNoun	swe	São Miguel de Touros	properNoun	nor
São Miguel do Gostoso	properNoun	swe	São Miguel do Gostoso	properNoun	nor
São Miguel dos Milagres	properNoun	swe	São Miguel dos Milagres	properNoun	nor
São Miguel	properNoun	swe	São Miguel	properNoun	nor
São Paulo Futebol Clube	properNoun	swe	São Paulo Futebol Clube	properNoun	nor
São Paulo	properNoun	swe	São Paulo	properNoun	nor
São Tomé och Príncipe	properNoun	swe	São Tomé og Príncipe	properNoun	nor
São Tomé	properNoun	swe	São Tomé	properNoun	nor
Sädvvájávrre	properNoun	swe	Sädvvájávrre	properNoun	nor
Säffle kommun	properNoun	swe	Säffle kommune	properNoun	nor
Sälgsjön	properNoun	swe	Sälgsjön	properNoun	nor
Sälka	properNoun	swe	Sälka	properNoun	nor
Säntis	properNoun	swe	Säntis	properNoun	nor
Särna	properNoun	swe	Särna	properNoun	nor
Särö	properNoun	swe	Särö	properNoun	nor
Säters kommun	properNoun	swe	Säter kommune	properNoun	nor
Sätila	properNoun	swe	Sätila	properNoun	nor
Sätofta	properNoun	swe	Sätofta	properNoun	nor
Sätra brunn	properNoun	swe	Sätra brunn	properNoun	nor
Sätraån	properNoun	swe	Sätraån	properNoun	nor
Sävar	properNoun	swe	Sävar	properNoun	nor
Sävarån	properNoun	swe	Sävarån	properNoun	nor
Sävast	properNoun	swe	Sävast	properNoun	nor
Säve	properNoun	swe	Säve	properNoun	nor
Sävja	properNoun	swe	Sävja	properNoun	nor
Sävsjö kommun	properNoun	swe	Sävsjö kommune	properNoun	nor
Sävsjö	properNoun	swe	Sävsjö	properNoun	nor
Sääksjärvi	properNoun	swe	Sääksjärvi	properNoun	nor
Sääksmäki	properNoun	swe	Sääksmäki	properNoun	nor
Sågmyra	properNoun	swe	Sågmyra	properNoun	nor
Sæbøvik	properNoun	swe	Sæbøvik	properNoun	nor
Sætherrindane	properNoun	swe	Sætherrindane	properNoun	nor
Sète	properNoun	swe	Sète	properNoun	nor
Sélestat	properNoun	swe	Sélestat	properNoun	nor
Sévaz	properNoun	swe	Sévaz	properNoun	nor
Sévery	properNoun	swe	Sévery	properNoun	nor
Söcking	properNoun	swe	Söcking	properNoun	nor
Söderala	properNoun	swe	Söderala	properNoun	nor
Söderbysjön	properNoun	swe	Söderbysjön	properNoun	nor
Söderbärke	properNoun	swe	Söderbärke	properNoun	nor
Söderfors	properNoun	swe	Söderfors	properNoun	nor
Söderhamn	properNoun	swe	Söderhamn	properNoun	nor
Söderhamns kommun	properNoun	swe	Söderhamn kommune	properNoun	nor
Söderköping	properNoun	swe	Söderköping	properNoun	nor
Söderköpings kommun	properNoun	swe	Söderköping kommune	properNoun	nor
Söderköpingsån	properNoun	swe	Söderköpingsån	properNoun	nor
Södermanland	properNoun	swe	Södermanland	properNoun	nor
Södermanlands län	properNoun	swe	Södermanlands län	properNoun	nor
Söderskogen	properNoun	swe	Söderskogen	properNoun	nor
Södersvik	properNoun	swe	Södersvik	properNoun	nor
Södertälje kanal	properNoun	swe	Södertälje kanal	properNoun	nor
Södertälje kommun	properNoun	swe	Södertälje kommune	properNoun	nor
Södertälje	properNoun	swe	Södertälje	properNoun	nor
Södertörn	properNoun	swe	Södertörn	properNoun	nor
Söderåkra	properNoun	swe	Söderåkra	properNoun	nor
Södra Bergsbyn och Stackgrönnan	properNoun	swe	Södra Bergsbyn och Stackgrönnan	properNoun	nor
Södra Bug	properNoun	swe	Søndre Bug	properNoun	nor
Södra Finlands län	properNoun	swe	Södra Finlands län	properNoun	nor
Södra Klagshamn	properNoun	swe	Södra Klagshamn	properNoun	nor
Södra Kornsjön	properNoun	swe	Søndre Kornsjø	properNoun	nor
Södra Näs	properNoun	swe	Södra Näs	properNoun	nor
Södra Sandby	properNoun	swe	Södra Sandby	properNoun	nor
Södra Slättlandet	properNoun	swe	Den sørlege store sletta	properNoun	nor
Södra Slättlandet	properNoun	swe	Dél-Alföld	properNoun	nor
Södra Sunderbyn	properNoun	swe	Södra Sunderbyn	properNoun	nor
Södra Transdanubien	properNoun	swe	Sør-Transdanubia	properNoun	nor
Södra Vi	properNoun	swe	Södra Vi	properNoun	nor
Södra Vrams fälad	properNoun	swe	Södra Vrams fälad	properNoun	nor
Södra distriktet	properNoun	swe	Det sørlege distriktet	properNoun	nor
Södra distriktet	properNoun	swe	Sørdistriktet	properNoun	nor
Södra halvklotet	properNoun	swe	Den sørlege halvkula	properNoun	nor
Södra halvklotet	properNoun	swe	Sydlige halvkule	properNoun	nor
Södra kvarken	properNoun	swe	Södra kvarken	properNoun	nor
Södra polcirkeln	properNoun	swe	Den antarktiske polarsirkelen	properNoun	nor
Södra Ölands odlingslandskap	properNoun	swe	Kulturlandskapet på Södra Öland	properNoun	nor
Södra Ölands odlingslandskap	properNoun	swe	Södra Ölands kulturlandskap	properNoun	nor
Sögel	properNoun	swe	Sögel	properNoun	nor
Sölden	properNoun	swe	Sölden	properNoun	nor
Sölvesborg	properNoun	swe	Sölvesborg	properNoun	nor
Sölvesborgs kommun	properNoun	swe	Sölvesborg kommune	properNoun	nor
Sörfors	properNoun	swe	Sörfors	properNoun	nor
Sörforsa	properNoun	swe	Sörforsa	properNoun	nor
Sörmjöle	properNoun	swe	Sörmjöle	properNoun	nor
Sörstafors	properNoun	swe	Sörstafors	properNoun	nor
Sörvik	properNoun	swe	Sörvik	properNoun	nor
Söråker	properNoun	swe	Söråker	properNoun	nor
Sösdala	properNoun	swe	Sösdala	properNoun	nor
Sövde	properNoun	swe	Sövde	properNoun	nor
Sövestad	properNoun	swe	Sövestad	properNoun	nor
Søborg	properNoun	swe	Søborg	properNoun	nor
Søfteland	properNoun	swe	Syfteland	properNoun	nor
Søfteland	properNoun	swe	Søfteland	properNoun	nor
Søkkhornet	properNoun	swe	Søkkhornet	properNoun	nor
Sølen	properNoun	swe	Sølen	properNoun	nor
Sølvgade	properNoun	swe	Sølvgade	properNoun	nor
Sønderborg	properNoun	swe	Sønderborg	properNoun	nor
Sønderjylland	properNoun	swe	Sønderjylland	properNoun	nor
Sønderjyllands amt	properNoun	swe	Sønderjyllands amt	properNoun	nor
Søndermarken	properNoun	swe	Søndermarken	properNoun	nor
Søndre Land	properNoun	swe	Søndre Land	properNoun	nor
Sørhausane	properNoun	swe	Sørhausane	properNoun	nor
Sørhjelmen	properNoun	swe	Sørhjelmen	properNoun	nor
Sørhortane	properNoun	swe	Sørhortane	properNoun	nor
Sørkjosen flygplats	properNoun	swe	Sørkjosen lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Sørkjosen flygplats	properNoun	swe	Sørkjosen lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Sørskeidet	properNoun	swe	Sørskeidet	properNoun	nor
Sørums kyrka	properNoun	swe	Sørum kirke	properNoun	nor
Sørums kyrka	properNoun	swe	Sørum kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Søtorvet	properNoun	swe	Søtorvet	properNoun	nor
Súlnasker	properNoun	swe	Súlnasker	properNoun	nor
Súlur	properNoun	swe	Súlur	properNoun	nor
Sûre	properNoun	swe	Sûre	properNoun	nor
Süchteln	properNoun	swe	Süchteln	properNoun	nor
Südbrookmerland	properNoun	swe	Südbrookmerland	properNoun	nor
Süderelbe	properNoun	swe	Süderelbe	properNoun	nor
Süderende	properNoun	swe	Süderende	properNoun	nor
Süderlügum	properNoun	swe	Süderlügum	properNoun	nor
Südgeorgsfehn	properNoun	swe	Südgeorgsfehn	properNoun	nor
Südharz	properNoun	swe	Südharz	properNoun	nor
Südlohn	properNoun	swe	Südlohn	properNoun	nor
Südstadt	properNoun	swe	Südstadt	properNoun	nor
Südwestfunk	properNoun	swe	Südwestfunk	properNoun	nor
Sülldorf	properNoun	swe	Sülldorf	properNoun	nor
Sülz	properNoun	swe	Sülz	properNoun	nor
Sülzbach	properNoun	swe	Sülzbach	properNoun	nor
Süßen	properNoun	swe	Süßen	properNoun	nor
Sălaj	properNoun	swe	Sălaj	properNoun	nor
Săpata	properNoun	swe	Săpata	properNoun	nor
Słupsk	properNoun	swe	Słupsk	properNoun	nor
TAP Portugal	properNoun	swe	TAP Portugal	properNoun	nor
TF1	properNoun	swe	TF1	properNoun	nor
Tabasco	properNoun	swe	Tabasco	properNoun	nor
Taberg	properNoun	swe	Taberg	properNoun	nor
Table Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Table Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Tabor	properNoun	swe	Tabor	properNoun	nor
Tábor	properNoun	swe	Tábor	properNoun	nor
Taborovskijtoppen	properNoun	swe	Taborovskijtoppen	properNoun	nor
Táchira	properNoun	swe	Táchira	properNoun	nor
Tachov	properNoun	swe	Tachov	properNoun	nor
Tacna	properNoun	swe	Tacna	properNoun	nor
Tacoma	properNoun	swe	Tacoma	properNoun	nor
Tacora	properNoun	swe	Tacora	properNoun	nor
Tadcaster	properNoun	swe	Tadcaster	properNoun	nor
Tadpole	properNoun	swe	Tadpole	properNoun	nor
Tafers	properNoun	swe	Tafers	properNoun	nor
Taff y Bryn	properNoun	swe	Taff y Bryn	properNoun	nor
Tafilah	properNoun	swe	Tafilah	properNoun	nor
Tafjorden	properNoun	swe	Tafjorden	properNoun	nor
Tafjordolyckan	properNoun	swe	Tafjord-ulukka	properNoun	nor
Tafjordolyckan	properNoun	swe	Tafjord-ulykka	properNoun	nor
Taganrog	properNoun	swe	Taganrog	properNoun	nor
Tagensvej	properNoun	swe	Tagensvej	properNoun	nor
Tagliamento	properNoun	swe	Tagliamento	properNoun	nor
Tahult	properNoun	swe	Tahult	properNoun	nor
Tai Hu	properNoun	swe	Tai Hu	properNoun	nor
Tailend Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Tailend Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Taiwansundet	properNoun	swe	Taiwanstredet	properNoun	nor
Taiwansundet	properNoun	swe	Taiwansundet	properNoun	nor
Taiyuan	properNoun	swe	Taiyuan	properNoun	nor
Taj Mahal	properNoun	swe	Taj Mahal	properNoun	nor
Tajmyrhalvön	properNoun	swe	Tajmyrhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Tajmyrien	properNoun	swe	Tajmyr	properNoun	nor
Tajmyrön	properNoun	swe	Tajmyrøya	properNoun	nor
Tajuña	properNoun	swe	Tajuña	properNoun	nor
Takahe Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Takahe Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Takaki Promontory	properNoun	swe	Takaki Promontory	properNoun	nor
Takla Makan	properNoun	swe	Taklamakan	properNoun	nor
Talagante	properNoun	swe	Talagante	properNoun	nor
Talas	properNoun	swe	Talas	properNoun	nor
Talavera de la Reina	properNoun	swe	Talavera de la Reina	properNoun	nor
Talbott	properNoun	swe	Talbott	properNoun	nor
Taldyqorghan	properNoun	swe	Taldykorgan	properNoun	nor
Talheim	properNoun	swe	Talheim	properNoun	nor
Talitsa	properNoun	swe	Talitsa	properNoun	nor
Tall Abyaḑ	properNoun	swe	Tell Abyad	properNoun	nor
Tallahassee	properNoun	swe	Tallahassee	properNoun	nor
Talle	properNoun	swe	Talle	properNoun	nor
Tallkalakh	properNoun	swe	Talkalakh	properNoun	nor
Tallvik	properNoun	swe	Tallvik	properNoun	nor
Tallåsen	properNoun	swe	Tallåsen	properNoun	nor
Talnach	properNoun	swe	Talnakh	properNoun	nor
Talne	properNoun	swe	Talne	properNoun	nor
Talviks kyrka	properNoun	swe	Talvik kirke	properNoun	nor
Talviks kyrka	properNoun	swe	Talvik kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Tamanhalvön	properNoun	swe	Tamanhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Tamanrasset	properNoun	swe	Tamanghasset	properNoun	nor
Tamanrasset	properNoun	swe	Tamanrasset	properNoun	nor
Tamarus Valley	properNoun	swe	Tamarus Valley	properNoun	nor
Tamaulipas	properNoun	swe	Tamaulipas	properNoun	nor
Tambora	properNoun	swe	Tambora	properNoun	nor
Tambov oblast	properNoun	swe	Tambov oblast	properNoun	nor
Tambov oblast	properNoun	swe	Tambov	properNoun	nor
Tambov	properNoun	swe	Tambov	properNoun	nor
Tambovskajatoppen	properNoun	swe	Tambovskajatoppen	properNoun	nor
Tamil Nadu	properNoun	swe	Tamil Nadu	properNoun	nor
Tamina	properNoun	swe	Tamina	properNoun	nor
Tamins	properNoun	swe	Tamins	properNoun	nor
Tamm	properNoun	swe	Tamm	properNoun	nor
Tan Son Nhat internationella flygplats	properNoun	swe	Tan Son Nhat internasjonale lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Tan Son Nhat internationella flygplats	properNoun	swe	Tan Son Nhat internasjonale lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Tana bru	properNoun	swe	Tana bru	properNoun	nor
Tana älv	properNoun	swe	Tana	properNoun	nor
Tana älv	properNoun	swe	Tanaelva	properNoun	nor
Tanafjorden	properNoun	swe	Tanafjorden	properNoun	nor
Tanagra	properNoun	swe	Tanágra	properNoun	nor
Tanagra	properNoun	swe	Tanagra	properNoun	nor
Tanaro	properNoun	swe	Tanaro	properNoun	nor
Tandsbyn	properNoun	swe	Tandsbyn	properNoun	nor
Tane Mahuta	properNoun	swe	Tāne Mahuta	properNoun	nor
Tanganyikasjön	properNoun	swe	Tanganyikasjøen	properNoun	nor
Tange Promontory	properNoun	swe	Tange Promontory	properNoun	nor
Tangerhütte	properNoun	swe	Tangerhütte	properNoun	nor
Tangermünde	properNoun	swe	Tangermünde	properNoun	nor
Tangra Mountains	properNoun	swe	Tangra Mountains	properNoun	nor
Tangshan	properNoun	swe	Tangshan	properNoun	nor
Tanne	properNoun	swe	Tanne	properNoun	nor
Tanneck	properNoun	swe	Tanneck	properNoun	nor
Tannheim	properNoun	swe	Tannheim	properNoun	nor
Tannhorn	properNoun	swe	Tannhorn	properNoun	nor
Tannsjön	properNoun	swe	Tannsjön	properNoun	nor
Tannsjön	properNoun	swe	Tannsjøen	properNoun	nor
Tanta	properNoun	swe	Tanta	properNoun	nor
Tanum	properNoun	swe	Tanum	properNoun	nor
Tanums kommun	properNoun	swe	Tanum kommune	properNoun	nor
Tanumshede	properNoun	swe	Tanumshede	properNoun	nor
Tanunda	properNoun	swe	Tanunda	properNoun	nor
Tapa	properNoun	swe	Tapa	properNoun	nor
Tapah	properNoun	swe	Tapah	properNoun	nor
Tapley Mountains	properNoun	swe	Tapley Mountains	properNoun	nor
Tapsell Foreland	properNoun	swe	Tapsell Foreland	properNoun	nor
Tapti	properNoun	swe	Tapti	properNoun	nor
Tara	properNoun	swe	Tara	properNoun	nor
Tarakanov Ridge	properNoun	swe	Tarakanov Ridge	properNoun	nor
Tarakchiev Point	properNoun	swe	Tarakchiev Point	properNoun	nor
Taranaki	properNoun	swe	Taranaki	properNoun	nor
Taranna	properNoun	swe	Taranna	properNoun	nor
Taranto	properNoun	swe	Taranto	properNoun	nor
Tarantobukten	properNoun	swe	Tarantobukta	properNoun	nor
Tarasp	properNoun	swe	Tarasp	properNoun	nor
Taraz	properNoun	swe	Taraz	properNoun	nor
Tarbes	properNoun	swe	Tarbes	properNoun	nor
Tarbuck Crag	properNoun	swe	Tarbuck Crag	properNoun	nor
Tarfaladalen	properNoun	swe	Tarfala	properNoun	nor
Tarfaladalen	properNoun	swe	Tarfaladalen	properNoun	nor
Tarnobrzeg	properNoun	swe	Tarnobrzeg	properNoun	nor
Tarnowskie Góry	properNoun	swe	Tarnowskie Góry	properNoun	nor
Tarnów	properNoun	swe	Tarnów	properNoun	nor
Tarr Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Tarr Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Tarr	properNoun	swe	Tarr	properNoun	nor
Tarragona	properNoun	swe	Tarragona	properNoun	nor
Tarsus	properNoun	swe	Tarsus	properNoun	nor
Tartegnin	properNoun	swe	Tartegnin	properNoun	nor
Tartu län	properNoun	swe	Tartu maakond	properNoun	nor
Tartu län	properNoun	swe	Tartu	properNoun	nor
Tartu universitet	properNoun	swe	Universitetet i Tartu	properNoun	nor
Tartu	properNoun	swe	Tartu	properNoun	nor
Tartus	properNoun	swe	Tartus	properNoun	nor
Tasejeva	properNoun	swe	Tasejeva	properNoun	nor
Tasman Ridge	properNoun	swe	Tasman Ridge	properNoun	nor
Tasman	properNoun	swe	Tasman	properNoun	nor
Tasmanhavet	properNoun	swe	Tasmanhavet	properNoun	nor
Tasmanien	properNoun	swe	Tasmania	properNoun	nor
Tatabánya	properNoun	swe	Tatabánya	properNoun	nor
Tatakoto	properNoun	swe	Tatakoto	properNoun	nor
Tatarsk	properNoun	swe	Tatarsk	properNoun	nor
Tatarstan	properNoun	swe	Tatarstan	properNoun	nor
Tatarsundet	properNoun	swe	Tartarstredet	properNoun	nor
Tatarsundet	properNoun	swe	Tartarsundet	properNoun	nor
Tate Rocks	properNoun	swe	Tate Rocks	properNoun	nor
Tating	properNoun	swe	Tating	properNoun	nor
Tatrabergen	properNoun	swe	Tatrafjella	properNoun	nor
Tatrabergen	properNoun	swe	Tatrafjellene	properNoun	nor
Tatvan	properNoun	swe	Tatvan	properNoun	nor
Tauber	properNoun	swe	Tauber	properNoun	nor
Taufkirchen	properNoun	swe	Taufkirchen	properNoun	nor
Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiwhenuakitanatahu	properNoun	swe	Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiwhenuakitanatahu	properNoun	nor
Taunton	properNoun	swe	Taunton	properNoun	nor
Taupo	properNoun	swe	Taupo	properNoun	nor
Tauranga	properNoun	swe	Tauranga	properNoun	nor
Taurus Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Taurus Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Taurusbergen	properNoun	swe	Taurusfjella	properNoun	nor
Taurusbergen	properNoun	swe	Taurusfjellene	properNoun	nor
Tavan Bogd Uul	properNoun	swe	Tavan Bogd Uul	properNoun	nor
Tavannes	properNoun	swe	Tavannes	properNoun	nor
Tavastehus	properNoun	swe	Tavastehus	properNoun	nor
Tavda	properNoun	swe	Tavda	properNoun	nor
Tavelsjö	properNoun	swe	Tavelsjö	properNoun	nor
Tavelån	properNoun	swe	Tavelån	properNoun	nor
Tavira	properNoun	swe	Tavira	properNoun	nor
Tavistock	properNoun	swe	Tavistock	properNoun	nor
Tavleøya	properNoun	swe	Tavleøya	properNoun	nor
Tay	properNoun	swe	Tay	properNoun	nor
Taygete Cone	properNoun	swe	Taygete Cone	properNoun	nor
Taygetos	properNoun	swe	Taygetos	properNoun	nor
Taygetos	properNoun	swe	Taýjetos	properNoun	nor
Taylor Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Taylor Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Taylor Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Taylor Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Taylor Platform	properNoun	swe	Taylor Platform	properNoun	nor
Tazieff Rocks	properNoun	swe	Tazieff Rocks	properNoun	nor
Tbilisi	properNoun	swe	Tbilisi	properNoun	nor
Tchadsjön	properNoun	swe	Tsjadsjøen	properNoun	nor
Te Anau	properNoun	swe	Te Anau	properNoun	nor
Te Papa Tongarewa	properNoun	swe	Te Papa Tongarewa	properNoun	nor
Te Wahipounamu	properNoun	swe	Te Wahipounamu	properNoun	nor
Teall Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Teall Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Teall	properNoun	swe	Teall	properNoun	nor
Teardrop Pond	properNoun	swe	Teardrop Pond	properNoun	nor
Tebjudningen i Boston	properNoun	swe	Teselskapet i Boston	properNoun	nor
Technische Universität Berlin	properNoun	swe	Technische Universität Berlin	properNoun	nor
Tecklenburg	properNoun	swe	Tecklenburg	properNoun	nor
Tecknau	properNoun	swe	Tecknau	properNoun	nor
Teckomatorp	properNoun	swe	Teckomatorp	properNoun	nor
Teeny Rock	properNoun	swe	Teeny Rock	properNoun	nor
Teeters Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Teeters Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Tegea	properNoun	swe	Tegea	properNoun	nor
Tegea	properNoun	swe	Tegéa	properNoun	nor
Tegeler Fließ	properNoun	swe	Tegeler Fließ	properNoun	nor
Tegerfelden	properNoun	swe	Tegerfelden	properNoun	nor
Tegernsee	properNoun	swe	Tegernsee	properNoun	nor
Tegge	properNoun	swe	Tegge	properNoun	nor
Tegsnäset	properNoun	swe	Tegsnäset	properNoun	nor
Tegucigalpa	properNoun	swe	Tegucigalpa	properNoun	nor
Teide	properNoun	swe	Teide	properNoun	nor
Teigebyen	properNoun	swe	Teigebyen	properNoun	nor
Teinach	properNoun	swe	Teinach	properNoun	nor
Tekirdağ	properNoun	swe	Tekirdağ	properNoun	nor
Tekniska högskolan	properNoun	swe	Tekniska högskolan	properNoun	nor
Tel Aviv	properNoun	swe	Tel Aviv	properNoun	nor
Telangana	properNoun	swe	Telangana	properNoun	nor
Telavåg	properNoun	swe	Telavåg	properNoun	nor
Telavåg	properNoun	swe	Tælavåg	properNoun	nor
Telefon Point	properNoun	swe	Telefon Point	properNoun	nor
Telemark fylke	properNoun	swe	Telemark fylke	properNoun	nor
Telemarkskanalen	properNoun	swe	Telemarkskanalen	properNoun	nor
Telenor Arena	properNoun	swe	Telenor Arena	properNoun	nor
Teleorman	properNoun	swe	Teleorman	properNoun	nor
Telerig Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Telerig Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Teletubbies	properNoun	swe	Teletubbiene	properNoun	nor
Teletubbies	properNoun	swe	Teletubbies	properNoun	nor
Telford	properNoun	swe	Telford	properNoun	nor
Telgte	properNoun	swe	Telgte	properNoun	nor
Teltow	properNoun	swe	Teltow	properNoun	nor
Temnikow Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Temnikow Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Tempelberget	properNoun	swe	Tempelhøgda	properNoun	nor
Tempelberget	properNoun	swe	Tempelhøyden	properNoun	nor
Tempelhof	properNoun	swe	Tempelhof	properNoun	nor
Tempio Pausania	properNoun	swe	Tempio Pausania	properNoun	nor
Tenay	properNoun	swe	Tenay	properNoun	nor
Tenbury Wells	properNoun	swe	Tenbury Wells	properNoun	nor
Teneriffa	properNoun	swe	Tenerife	properNoun	nor
Tengen	properNoun	swe	Tengen	properNoun	nor
Tenhult	properNoun	swe	Tenhult	properNoun	nor
Tenna	properNoun	swe	Tenna	properNoun	nor
Tennesseefloden	properNoun	swe	Tennessee-elva	properNoun	nor
Tennesseefloden	properNoun	swe	Tennessee	properNoun	nor
Tennevoll	properNoun	swe	Tennevoll	properNoun	nor
Tenniel	properNoun	swe	Tenniel	properNoun	nor
Tenniken	properNoun	swe	Tenniken	properNoun	nor
Tenochtitlán	properNoun	swe	Tenochtitlán	properNoun	nor
Tenochtitlán	properNoun	swe	Tenochtitlan	properNoun	nor
Tentacle Ridge	properNoun	swe	Tentacle Ridge	properNoun	nor
Tente	properNoun	swe	Tente	properNoun	nor
Tentlingen	properNoun	swe	Tentlingen	properNoun	nor
Teotônio Vilela	properNoun	swe	Teotônio Vilela	properNoun	nor
Tepic	properNoun	swe	Tepic	properNoun	nor
Tepui	properNoun	swe	Tepui	properNoun	nor
Tequixquiac	properNoun	swe	Tequixquiac	properNoun	nor
Teramo	properNoun	swe	Teramo	properNoun	nor
Terceira	properNoun	swe	Terceira	properNoun	nor
Terenzo	properNoun	swe	Terenzo	properNoun	nor
Teres Ridge	properNoun	swe	Teres Ridge	properNoun	nor
Terex	properNoun	swe	Terex	properNoun	nor
Terleckijtoppen	properNoun	swe	Terleckijtoppen	properNoun	nor
Terminus Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Terminus Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Tern Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Tern Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Terneuzen	properNoun	swe	Terneuzen	properNoun	nor
Terni	properNoun	swe	Terni	properNoun	nor
Ternopil oblast	properNoun	swe	Ternopil oblast	properNoun	nor
Ternopil	properNoun	swe	Ternopil	properNoun	nor
Ternyck Needle	properNoun	swe	Ternyck Needle	properNoun	nor
Terracina	properNoun	swe	Terracina	properNoun	nor
Terrada	properNoun	swe	Terrada	properNoun	nor
Terrakottaarmén	properNoun	swe	Terrakottahæren	properNoun	nor
Terrassa	properNoun	swe	Terrassa	properNoun	nor
Territoire de Belfort	properNoun	swe	Territoire de Belfort	properNoun	nor
Terschelling	properNoun	swe	Terschelling	properNoun	nor
Teruel	properNoun	swe	Teruel	properNoun	nor
Tešanj	properNoun	swe	Tešanj	properNoun	nor
Tesore Hill	properNoun	swe	Tesore Hill	properNoun	nor
Testeboån	properNoun	swe	Testeboån	properNoun	nor
Tester Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Tester Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Tetenbüll	properNoun	swe	Tetenbüll	properNoun	nor
Tether Rock	properNoun	swe	Tether Rock	properNoun	nor
Tethys Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Tethys Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Tetiusji	properNoun	swe	Tetjusji	properNoun	nor
Tetnuldi	properNoun	swe	Tetnuldi	properNoun	nor
Tetovo	properNoun	swe	Tetovo	properNoun	nor
Tettnang	properNoun	swe	Tettnang	properNoun	nor
Teufelsbach	properNoun	swe	Teufelsbach	properNoun	nor
Teufelshöhle	properNoun	swe	Teufelshöle	properNoun	nor
Teufelsmauer	properNoun	swe	Teufelsmauer	properNoun	nor
Teufen	properNoun	swe	Teufen	properNoun	nor
Teufenbachweiher	properNoun	swe	Teufenbachweiher	properNoun	nor
Teufenthal	properNoun	swe	Teufenthal	properNoun	nor
Teuffenthal	properNoun	swe	Teuffenthal	properNoun	nor
Teurihorn	properNoun	swe	Teurihorn	properNoun	nor
Teutschenthal	properNoun	swe	Teutschenthal	properNoun	nor
Texas State Cemetery	properNoun	swe	Texas State Cemetery	properNoun	nor
Texel	properNoun	swe	Texel	properNoun	nor
Teøyane	properNoun	swe	Teøyane	properNoun	nor
Thai Binh	properNoun	swe	Thái Bình	properNoun	nor
Thal	properNoun	swe	Thal	properNoun	nor
Thala Hills	properNoun	swe	Thala Hills	properNoun	nor
Thala Rock	properNoun	swe	Thala Rock	properNoun	nor
Thale	properNoun	swe	Thale	properNoun	nor
Thalheim	properNoun	swe	Thalheim	properNoun	nor
Thame	properNoun	swe	Thame	properNoun	nor
Thanaron Point	properNoun	swe	Thanaron Point	properNoun	nor
Thanjavur	properNoun	swe	Thanjavur	properNoun	nor
Thann	properNoun	swe	Thann	properNoun	nor
Thar	properNoun	swe	Thar	properNoun	nor
Tharsis Montes	properNoun	swe	Tharsis Montes	properNoun	nor
Thassos	properNoun	swe	Thásos	properNoun	nor
Thassos	properNoun	swe	Thasos	properNoun	nor
Thatcham	properNoun	swe	Thatcham	properNoun	nor
Thaur	properNoun	swe	Thaur	properNoun	nor
Thaxted	properNoun	swe	Thaxted	properNoun	nor
Thaya	properNoun	swe	Thaya	properNoun	nor
The Broadway Theatre	properNoun	swe	The Broadway Theatre	properNoun	nor
The Mound	properNoun	swe	The Mound	properNoun	nor
The Valley	properNoun	swe	The Valley	properNoun	nor
The Village Voice	properNoun	swe	The Village Voice	properNoun	nor
The Wash	properNoun	swe	The Wash	properNoun	nor
Themar	properNoun	swe	Themar	properNoun	nor
Themis Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Themis Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Theodolite Hill	properNoun	swe	Theodolite Hill	properNoun	nor
Theodulhorn	properNoun	swe	Theodulhorn	properNoun	nor
Theresienstadt	properNoun	swe	Theresienstadt konsentrasjonsleir	properNoun	nor
Theresienstadt	properNoun	swe	Theresienstadt	properNoun	nor
Thern Promontory	properNoun	swe	Thern Promontory	properNoun	nor
Theron Mountains	properNoun	swe	Theron Mountains	properNoun	nor
Therwil	properNoun	swe	Therwil	properNoun	nor
Thesprotia	properNoun	swe	Thesprotia	properNoun	nor
Thesprotia	properNoun	swe	Thesprotía	properNoun	nor
Thessalien	properNoun	swe	Thessalia	properNoun	nor
Thessalien	properNoun	swe	Thessalía	properNoun	nor
Thessaloníki	properNoun	swe	Thessaloniki	properNoun	nor
Thessaloníki	properNoun	swe	Thessaloníki	properNoun	nor
Thetford	properNoun	swe	Thetford	properNoun	nor
Theuley	properNoun	swe	Theuley	properNoun	nor
Thiel Mountains	properNoun	swe	Thiel Mountains	properNoun	nor
Thien Duong	properNoun	swe	Thien Duong	properNoun	nor
Thiene	properNoun	swe	Thiene	properNoun	nor
Thierachern	properNoun	swe	Thierachern	properNoun	nor
Thierrens	properNoun	swe	Thierrens	properNoun	nor
Thiers	properNoun	swe	Thiers	properNoun	nor
Thierstein	properNoun	swe	Thierstein	properNoun	nor
Thimphu	properNoun	swe	Thimphu	properNoun	nor
Thionville	properNoun	swe	Thionville	properNoun	nor
Thirsk	properNoun	swe	Thirsk	properNoun	nor
Thiruvananthapuram	properNoun	swe	Thiruvananthapuram	properNoun	nor
Thisteds kommun	properNoun	swe	Thisted kommune	properNoun	nor
Tholus	properNoun	swe	Tholus	properNoun	nor
Thomas Hills	properNoun	swe	Thomas Hills	properNoun	nor
Thomas Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Thomas Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Thomas Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Thomas Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Thomaskyrkan	properNoun	swe	Thomaskirken	properNoun	nor
Thomaskyrkan	properNoun	swe	Tomaskyrkja	properNoun	nor
Thomasville	properNoun	swe	Thomasville	properNoun	nor
Thompson Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Thompson Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Thomson Head	properNoun	swe	Thomson Head	properNoun	nor
Thomson Massif	properNoun	swe	Thomson Massif	properNoun	nor
Thomson Rock	properNoun	swe	Thomson Rock	properNoun	nor
Thomson Summit	properNoun	swe	Thomson Summit	properNoun	nor
Thoothukkudi	properNoun	swe	Thoothukudi	properNoun	nor
Thorning	properNoun	swe	Thorning	properNoun	nor
Thorp Ridges	properNoun	swe	Thorp Ridges	properNoun	nor
Thorshavnheiane	properNoun	swe	Thorshavnheiane	properNoun	nor
Thorvaldsens Museum	properNoun	swe	Thorvaldsens Museum	properNoun	nor
Thrakien	properNoun	swe	Thrakia	properNoun	nor
Thrakien	properNoun	swe	Trakia	properNoun	nor
Thrakiska havet	properNoun	swe	Det thrakiske havet	properNoun	nor
Thrakiska havet	properNoun	swe	Det trakiske hav	properNoun	nor
Thrapston	properNoun	swe	Thrapston	properNoun	nor
Three Brothers Hill	properNoun	swe	Three Brothers Hill	properNoun	nor
Three Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Three Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Three Sisters Cones	properNoun	swe	Three Sisters Cones	properNoun	nor
Three Slice Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Three Slice Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Threshold Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Threshold Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Thrinaxodon Col	properNoun	swe	Thrinaxodon Col	properNoun	nor
Thulla Point	properNoun	swe	Thulla Point	properNoun	nor
Thumb Promontory	properNoun	swe	Thumb Promontory	properNoun	nor
Thumby	properNoun	swe	Thumby	properNoun	nor
Thun	properNoun	swe	Thun	properNoun	nor
Thunder Bay	properNoun	swe	Thunder Bay	properNoun	nor
Thundergut	properNoun	swe	Thundergut	properNoun	nor
Thunsjön	properNoun	swe	Thunersjøen	properNoun	nor
Thunsjön	properNoun	swe	Thunsjøen	properNoun	nor
Thunstetten	properNoun	swe	Thunstetten	properNoun	nor
Thurgau	properNoun	swe	Thurgau	properNoun	nor
Thurn	properNoun	swe	Thurn	properNoun	nor
Thurso	properNoun	swe	Thurso	properNoun	nor
Thusis	properNoun	swe	Thusis	properNoun	nor
Thyasira Hill	properNoun	swe	Thyasira Hill	properNoun	nor
Thys	properNoun	swe	Thys	properNoun	nor
Thórsmörk	properNoun	swe	Þórsmörk	properNoun	nor
Thônes	properNoun	swe	Thônes	properNoun	nor
Thônex	properNoun	swe	Thônex	properNoun	nor
Thörigen	properNoun	swe	Thörigen	properNoun	nor
Thüle	properNoun	swe	Thüle	properNoun	nor
Thür	properNoun	swe	Thür	properNoun	nor
Thüringen	properNoun	swe	Thüringen	properNoun	nor
Thüringer Wald	properNoun	swe	Thüringer Wald	properNoun	nor
Thürnen	properNoun	swe	Thürnen	properNoun	nor
Tianmen	properNoun	swe	Tianmen	properNoun	nor
Tianshan	properNoun	swe	Tian Shan	properNoun	nor
Tianshui	properNoun	swe	Tianshui	properNoun	nor
Tiberias	properNoun	swe	Tiberias	properNoun	nor
Tibern	properNoun	swe	Tiber	properNoun	nor
Tibern	properNoun	swe	Tiberen	properNoun	nor
Tiberön	properNoun	swe	Tiberøya	properNoun	nor
Tibetanska högplatån	properNoun	swe	Tibetplatået	properNoun	nor
Tibidabo	properNoun	swe	Tibidabo	properNoun	nor
Tibro kommun	properNoun	swe	Tibro kommune	properNoun	nor
Tibro	properNoun	swe	Tibro	properNoun	nor
Tichvin	properNoun	swe	Tikhvin	properNoun	nor
Ticino	properNoun	swe	Ticino	properNoun	nor
Tickhill	properNoun	swe	Tickhill	properNoun	nor
Tidaholm	properNoun	swe	Tidaholm	properNoun	nor
Tidaholms kommun	properNoun	swe	Tidaholm kommune	properNoun	nor
Tidan	properNoun	swe	Tidan	properNoun	nor
Tiefenbroich	properNoun	swe	Tiefenbroich	properNoun	nor
Tiefenbronn	properNoun	swe	Tiefenbronn	properNoun	nor
Tiefencastel	properNoun	swe	Tiefencastel	properNoun	nor
Tiefenstock	properNoun	swe	Tiefenstock	properNoun	nor
Tiejer Flue	properNoun	swe	Tiejer Flue	properNoun	nor
Tieling	properNoun	swe	Tieling	properNoun	nor
Tieralplistock	properNoun	swe	Tieralplistock	properNoun	nor
Tieregghorn	properNoun	swe	Tieregghorn	properNoun	nor
Tierney Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Tierney Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Tierps kommun	properNoun	swe	Tierp kommune	properNoun	nor
Tijuana	properNoun	swe	Tijuana	properNoun	nor
Tilbrook Hill	properNoun	swe	Tilbrook Hill	properNoun	nor
Tilburg	properNoun	swe	Tilburg	properNoun	nor
Tilbury	properNoun	swe	Tilbury	properNoun	nor
Tile Ridge	properNoun	swe	Tile Ridge	properNoun	nor
Tillberga	properNoun	swe	Tillberga	properNoun	nor
Tillergone Slope	properNoun	swe	Tillergone Slope	properNoun	nor
Tilley Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Tilley Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Tillières	properNoun	swe	Tillières	properNoun	nor
Tilman Ridge	properNoun	swe	Tilman Ridge	properNoun	nor
Tilos	properNoun	swe	Tilos	properNoun	nor
Tilos	properNoun	swe	Tílos	properNoun	nor
Tilty	properNoun	swe	Tilty	properNoun	nor
Timaru	properNoun	swe	Timaru	properNoun	nor
Timasjovsk	properNoun	swe	Timasjovsk	properNoun	nor
Timișoara	properNoun	swe	Timişoara	properNoun	nor
Timișoara	properNoun	swe	Timișoara	properNoun	nor
Timmele	properNoun	swe	Timmele	properNoun	nor
Timmernabben	properNoun	swe	Timmernabben	properNoun	nor
Timmersdala	properNoun	swe	Timmersdala	properNoun	nor
Timmins	properNoun	swe	Timmins	properNoun	nor
Timor	properNoun	swe	Timor	properNoun	nor
Timorsjön	properNoun	swe	Timorhavet	properNoun	nor
Timorsjön	properNoun	swe	Timorsjøen	properNoun	nor
Timosthenes	properNoun	swe	Timosthenes	properNoun	nor
Timrå kommun	properNoun	swe	Timrå kommune	properNoun	nor
Timrå	properNoun	swe	Timrå	properNoun	nor
Timsfors	properNoun	swe	Timsfors	properNoun	nor
Timóteo	properNoun	swe	Timóteo	properNoun	nor
Tindeklypa	properNoun	swe	Tindeklypa	properNoun	nor
Tindfjallajökull	properNoun	swe	Tindfjallajökull	properNoun	nor
Tindhólmur	properNoun	swe	Tindhólmur	properNoun	nor
Tingelstad gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Tingelstad gamle kirke	properNoun	nor
Tingelstad gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Tingelstad gamle kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Tingey Rocks	properNoun	swe	Tingey Rocks	properNoun	nor
Tinglof Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Tinglof Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Tingsryd	properNoun	swe	Tingsryd	properNoun	nor
Tingsryds kommun	properNoun	swe	Tingsryd kommune	properNoun	nor
Tingstäde	properNoun	swe	Tingstäde	properNoun	nor
Tingvollvågen	properNoun	swe	Tingvollvågen	properNoun	nor
Tinja	properNoun	swe	Tinja	properNoun	nor
Tinnsjø	properNoun	swe	Tinnsjå	properNoun	nor
Tino	properNoun	swe	Tino	properNoun	nor
Tinos	properNoun	swe	Tinos	properNoun	nor
Tínos	properNoun	swe	Tínos	properNoun	nor
Tinsel Dome	properNoun	swe	Tinsel Dome	properNoun	nor
Tintagel	properNoun	swe	Tintagel	properNoun	nor
Tipperary	properNoun	swe	Tipperary	properNoun	nor
Tirana	properNoun	swe	Tirana	properNoun	nor
Tiransundet	properNoun	swe	Tiranstredet	properNoun	nor
Tiransundet	properNoun	swe	Tiransundet	properNoun	nor
Tiraspol	properNoun	swe	Tiraspol	properNoun	nor
Tiree	properNoun	swe	Tiree	properNoun	nor
Tirich Mir	properNoun	swe	Tirich Mir	properNoun	nor
Tisnaren	properNoun	swe	Tisnaren	properNoun	nor
Tisobis Valley	properNoun	swe	Tisobis Valley	properNoun	nor
Tista	properNoun	swe	Tista	properNoun	nor
Tiste	properNoun	swe	Tiste	properNoun	nor
Tistedalen	properNoun	swe	Tistedalen	properNoun	nor
Tisza	properNoun	swe	Tisza	properNoun	nor
Tiszasjön	properNoun	swe	Tiszasjøen	properNoun	nor
Titan Dome	properNoun	swe	Titan Dome	properNoun	nor
Titan Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Titan Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Titisee	properNoun	swe	Titisee	properNoun	nor
Titlis	properNoun	swe	Titlis	properNoun	nor
Titov Vrv	properNoun	swe	Titov Vrv	properNoun	nor
Titterten	properNoun	swe	Titterten	properNoun	nor
Titz	properNoun	swe	Titz	properNoun	nor
Tiumen oblast	properNoun	swe	Tjumen oblast	properNoun	nor
Tiumen oblast	properNoun	swe	Tjumen	properNoun	nor
Tiumen	properNoun	swe	Tjumen	properNoun	nor
Tivadar	properNoun	swe	Tivadar	properNoun	nor
Tiveden	properNoun	swe	Tiveden	properNoun	nor
Tivoli	properNoun	swe	Tivoli	properNoun	nor
Tiw Valley	properNoun	swe	Tiw Valley	properNoun	nor
Tiwanaku	properNoun	swe	Tiwanaku	properNoun	nor
Tjajkovskij	properNoun	swe	Tsjajkovskij	properNoun	nor
Tjapajevsk	properNoun	swe	Tsjapajevsk	properNoun	nor
Tjautjas	properNoun	swe	Tjautjas	properNoun	nor
Tjeboksary	properNoun	swe	Tsjeboksary	properNoun	nor
Tjechov	properNoun	swe	Tsjekhov	properNoun	nor
Tjeckoslovakien	properNoun	swe	Tsjekkoslovakia	properNoun	nor
Tjeggelvas	properNoun	swe	Tjeggelvas	properNoun	nor
Tjeljabinsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Tsjeljabinsk oblast	properNoun	nor
Tjeljabinsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Tsjeljabinsk	properNoun	nor
Tjeljabinsk	properNoun	swe	Tsjeljabinsk	properNoun	nor
Tjerepanovo	properNoun	swe	Tsjerepanovo	properNoun	nor
Tjerepovets	properNoun	swe	Tsjerepovets	properNoun	nor
Tjerkasy oblast	properNoun	swe	Tsjerkasy oblast	properNoun	nor
Tjerkasy	properNoun	swe	Tsjerkasy	properNoun	nor
Tjerkessk	properNoun	swe	Tsjerkessk	properNoun	nor
Tjernihiv oblast	properNoun	swe	Tsjernihiv oblast	properNoun	nor
Tjernihiv	properNoun	swe	Tsjernihiv	properNoun	nor
Tjernivtsi oblast	properNoun	swe	Tsjernivtsi oblast	properNoun	nor
Tjernivtsi	properNoun	swe	Tsjernivtsi	properNoun	nor
Tjernjachovsk	properNoun	swe	Tsjernjakhovsk	properNoun	nor
Tjernogorsk	properNoun	swe	Tsjernogorsk	properNoun	nor
Tjiatura	properNoun	swe	Tsjiatura	properNoun	nor
Tjistopol	properNoun	swe	Tsjistopol	properNoun	nor
Tjita oblast	properNoun	swe	Tsjita oblast	properNoun	nor
Tjita	properNoun	swe	Tsjita	properNoun	nor
Tjudovo	properNoun	swe	Tsjudovo	properNoun	nor
Tjuhujiv	properNoun	swe	Tsjuhujiv	properNoun	nor
Tjuktjerhalvön	properNoun	swe	Tsjuktsjarhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Tjuktjerhalvön	properNoun	swe	Tsjuktsjerhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Tjuktjerhavet	properNoun	swe	Tsjuktsjarhavet	properNoun	nor
Tjuktjerhavet	properNoun	swe	Tsjuktsjerhavet	properNoun	nor
Tjulenijodden	properNoun	swe	Tjulenijodden	properNoun	nor
Tjuna	properNoun	swe	Tsjuna	properNoun	nor
Tjusovaja	properNoun	swe	Tsjusovaja	properNoun	nor
Tjusovoj	properNoun	swe	Tsjusovoj	properNoun	nor
Tjuvasjien	properNoun	swe	Tsjuvasjia	properNoun	nor
Tjuvfjorden	properNoun	swe	Tjuvfjorden	properNoun	nor
Tjuvkil	properNoun	swe	Tjuvkil	properNoun	nor
Tjyhyryn	properNoun	swe	Tsjyhyryn	properNoun	nor
Tjällmo	properNoun	swe	Tjällmo	properNoun	nor
Tjärnheden	properNoun	swe	Tjärnheden	properNoun	nor
Tjålmejaure	properNoun	swe	Tjålmejaure	properNoun	nor
Tjörn	properNoun	swe	Tjörn	properNoun	nor
Tjörnarp	properNoun	swe	Tjörnarp	properNoun	nor
Tjörnin	properNoun	swe	Tjörnin	properNoun	nor
Tjörns kommun	properNoun	swe	Tjörn kommune	properNoun	nor
Tlaxcala	properNoun	swe	Tlaxcala	properNoun	nor
Toadstool Rocks	properNoun	swe	Toadstool Rocks	properNoun	nor
Tobel	properNoun	swe	Tobel	properNoun	nor
Tobin Mesa	properNoun	swe	Tobin Mesa	properNoun	nor
Tobo	properNoun	swe	Tobo	properNoun	nor
Toboggan Gap	properNoun	swe	Toboggan Gap	properNoun	nor
Tobol	properNoun	swe	Tobol	properNoun	nor
Tobolsk	properNoun	swe	Tobolsk	properNoun	nor
Tobruk	properNoun	swe	Tobruk	properNoun	nor
Tobruk	properNoun	swe	Tubruq	properNoun	nor
Tochuhorn	properNoun	swe	Tochuhorn	properNoun	nor
Todi	properNoun	swe	Todi	properNoun	nor
Todmorden	properNoun	swe	Todmorden	properNoun	nor
Todtnau	properNoun	swe	Todtnau	properNoun	nor
Toffen	properNoun	swe	Toffen	properNoun	nor
Toffo	properNoun	swe	Toffo	properNoun	nor
Tofta	properNoun	swe	Tofta	properNoun	nor
Toftbyn	properNoun	swe	Toftbyn	properNoun	nor
Togo	properNoun	swe	Togo	properNoun	nor
Togrenda	properNoun	swe	Togrenda	properNoun	nor
Toilers Mountain	properNoun	swe	Toilers Mountain	properNoun	nor
Tokat	properNoun	swe	Tokat	properNoun	nor
Tokelau	properNoun	swe	Tokelau	properNoun	nor
Tokyo Tower	properNoun	swe	Tokyo Tower	properNoun	nor
Tolima	properNoun	swe	Tolima	properNoun	nor
Toljatti	properNoun	swe	Toljatti	properNoun	nor
Tolken	properNoun	swe	Tolken	properNoun	nor
Tollarp	properNoun	swe	Tollarp	properNoun	nor
Tollefson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Tollefson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Tollense	properNoun	swe	Tollense	properNoun	nor
Tollered	properNoun	swe	Tollered	properNoun	nor
Tolley	properNoun	swe	Tolley	properNoun	nor
Tolochenaz	properNoun	swe	Tolochenaz	properNoun	nor
Toltec Butte	properNoun	swe	Toltec Butte	properNoun	nor
Tomandl Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Tomandl Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Tomari	properNoun	swe	Tomari	properNoun	nor
Tomelilla kommun	properNoun	swe	Tomelilla kommune	properNoun	nor
Tomelilla	properNoun	swe	Tomelilla	properNoun	nor
Tomils	properNoun	swe	Tomils	properNoun	nor
Tomintoul	properNoun	swe	Tomintoul	properNoun	nor
Tommarpsån	properNoun	swe	Tommarpsån	properNoun	nor
Tommot	properNoun	swe	Tommot	properNoun	nor
Tomovick Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Tomovick Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Tompkinsville	properNoun	swe	Tompkinsville	properNoun	nor
Tomsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Tomsk oblast	properNoun	nor
Tomsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Tomsk	properNoun	nor
Tomsk	properNoun	swe	Tomsk	properNoun	nor
Tomtabacken	properNoun	swe	Tomtabacken	properNoun	nor
Tomtebo	properNoun	swe	Tomtebo	properNoun	nor
Tomteråsen	properNoun	swe	Tomteråsen	properNoun	nor
Tonbridge	properNoun	swe	Tonbridge	properNoun	nor
Tondorf	properNoun	swe	Tondorf	properNoun	nor
Toney Mountain	properNoun	swe	Toney Mountain	properNoun	nor
Tonga	properNoun	swe	Tonga	properNoun	nor
Tongariro	properNoun	swe	Tongariro	properNoun	nor
Tongchuan	properNoun	swe	Tongchuan	properNoun	nor
Tonghua	properNoun	swe	Tonghua	properNoun	nor
Tongling	properNoun	swe	Tongling	properNoun	nor
Tongren	properNoun	swe	Tongren	properNoun	nor
Tongue Rocks	properNoun	swe	Tongue Rocks	properNoun	nor
Toogood	properNoun	swe	Toogood	properNoun	nor
Topki	properNoun	swe	Topki	properNoun	nor
Toplitzsee	properNoun	swe	Toplitzsee	properNoun	nor
Topping Cone	properNoun	swe	Topping Cone	properNoun	nor
Torbjörntorp	properNoun	swe	Torbjörntorp	properNoun	nor
Torcello	properNoun	swe	Torcello	properNoun	nor
Torckler Rocks	properNoun	swe	Torckler Rocks	properNoun	nor
Torckler	properNoun	swe	Torckler	properNoun	nor
Torcy	properNoun	swe	Torcy	properNoun	nor
Torekov	properNoun	swe	Torekov	properNoun	nor
Torestorp	properNoun	swe	Torestorp	properNoun	nor
Torez	properNoun	swe	Torez	properNoun	nor
Torfaen	properNoun	swe	Torfaen	properNoun	nor
Torget	properNoun	swe	Torget	properNoun	nor
Torgnyskjeret	properNoun	swe	Torgnyskjeret	properNoun	nor
Torlyn Mountain	properNoun	swe	Torlyn Mountain	properNoun	nor
Tormestorp	properNoun	swe	Tormestorp	properNoun	nor
Torna Hällestad	properNoun	swe	Torna Hällestad	properNoun	nor
Tornbergssjön	properNoun	swe	Tornbergssjön	properNoun	nor
Torne älv	properNoun	swe	Torne älv	properNoun	nor
Torne älv	properNoun	swe	Torneelva	properNoun	nor
Tornedalen	properNoun	swe	Tornedalen	properNoun	nor
Torneträsk	properNoun	swe	Torneträsk	properNoun	nor
Torpsbruk	properNoun	swe	Torpsbruk	properNoun	nor
Torpshammar	properNoun	swe	Torpshammar	properNoun	nor
Torquay	properNoun	swe	Torquay	properNoun	nor
Torre Annunziata	properNoun	swe	Torre Annunziata	properNoun	nor
Torreby	properNoun	swe	Torreby	properNoun	nor
Torrejón de Ardoz	properNoun	swe	Torrejón de Ardoz	properNoun	nor
Torremolinos	properNoun	swe	Torremolinos	properNoun	nor
Torrenthorn	properNoun	swe	Torrenthorn	properNoun	nor
Torres sund	properNoun	swe	Torresstredet	properNoun	nor
Torres sund	properNoun	swe	Torressundet	properNoun	nor
Torrevieja	properNoun	swe	Torrevieja	properNoun	nor
Torrone di Nav	properNoun	swe	Torrone di Nav	properNoun	nor
Torrön	properNoun	swe	Torrön	properNoun	nor
Torsby kommun	properNoun	swe	Torsby kommun	properNoun	nor
Torsby kommun	properNoun	swe	Torsby	properNoun	nor
Torsby	properNoun	swe	Torsby	properNoun	nor
Torsebro	properNoun	swe	Torsebro	properNoun	nor
Torshamn	properNoun	swe	Tórshavn	properNoun	nor
Torshälla huvud	properNoun	swe	Torshälla huvud	properNoun	nor
Torshälla	properNoun	swe	Torshälla	properNoun	nor
Torslanda	properNoun	swe	Torslanda	properNoun	nor
Torsåker	properNoun	swe	Torsåker	properNoun	nor
Torsång	properNoun	swe	Torsång	properNoun	nor
Torsås kommun	properNoun	swe	Torsås kommune	properNoun	nor
Torsås	properNoun	swe	Torsås	properNoun	nor
Torsö	properNoun	swe	Torsö	properNoun	nor
Tortolì	properNoun	swe	Tortolì	properNoun	nor
Tortona	properNoun	swe	Tortona	properNoun	nor
Tortosa	properNoun	swe	Tortosa	properNoun	nor
Tortuga	properNoun	swe	Tortuga	properNoun	nor
Tortuna	properNoun	swe	Tortuna	properNoun	nor
Torup	properNoun	swe	Torup	properNoun	nor
Toruń	properNoun	swe	Toruń	properNoun	nor
Torvik	properNoun	swe	Torvika	properNoun	nor
Torød kirke	properNoun	swe	Torød kirke	properNoun	nor
Torød kirke	properNoun	swe	Torød kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Toskanska arkipelagen	properNoun	swe	De toskanske øyene	properNoun	nor
Toskanska arkipelagen	properNoun	swe	Dei toskanske øyane	properNoun	nor
Tosno	properNoun	swe	Tosno	properNoun	nor
Tosseryd	properNoun	swe	Tosseryd	properNoun	nor
Tot Pond	properNoun	swe	Tot Pond	properNoun	nor
Totebo	properNoun	swe	Totebo	properNoun	nor
Totenkopf	properNoun	swe	Totenkopf	properNoun	nor
Totensee	properNoun	swe	Totensee	properNoun	nor
Toth Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Toth Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Totma	properNoun	swe	Totma	properNoun	nor
Totnes	properNoun	swe	Totnes	properNoun	nor
Totra	properNoun	swe	Totra	properNoun	nor
Tottanfjella	properNoun	swe	Tottanfjella	properNoun	nor
Touchdown Hills	properNoun	swe	Touchdown Hills	properNoun	nor
Toul	properNoun	swe	Toul	properNoun	nor
Tour Sallière	properNoun	swe	Tour Sallière	properNoun	nor
Tourcoing	properNoun	swe	Tourcoing	properNoun	nor
Tourmaline Plateau	properNoun	swe	Tourmaline Plateau	properNoun	nor
Tournai	properNoun	swe	Tournai	properNoun	nor
Tournay	properNoun	swe	Tournay	properNoun	nor
Tournelon Blanc	properNoun	swe	Tournelon Blanc	properNoun	nor
Tours	properNoun	swe	Tours	properNoun	nor
Towcester	properNoun	swe	Towcester	properNoun	nor
Tower Bridge	properNoun	swe	Tower Bridge	properNoun	nor
Towle Point	properNoun	swe	Towle Point	properNoun	nor
Towle Valley	properNoun	swe	Towle Valley	properNoun	nor
Toyouniversitetet	properNoun	swe	Toyouniversitetet	properNoun	nor
Tqibuli	properNoun	swe	Tqibuli	properNoun	nor
Trabzon	properNoun	swe	Trabzon	properNoun	nor
Trachselwald	properNoun	swe	Trachselwald	properNoun	nor
Trachyte Hill	properNoun	swe	Trachyte Hill	properNoun	nor
Trafalgar Square	properNoun	swe	Trafalgar Square	properNoun	nor
Tragic Corner	properNoun	swe	Tragic Corner	properNoun	nor
Trajanus forum	properNoun	swe	Trajans forum	properNoun	nor
Trajanuskolonnen	properNoun	swe	Trajansøyla	properNoun	nor
Trajanuskolonnen	properNoun	swe	Trajansøylen	properNoun	nor
Tralee	properNoun	swe	Tralee	properNoun	nor
Tramelan	properNoun	swe	Tramelan	properNoun	nor
Tramm	properNoun	swe	Tramm	properNoun	nor
Trancoso	properNoun	swe	Trancoso	properNoun	nor
Tranekær	properNoun	swe	Tranekær	properNoun	nor
Tranemo kommun	properNoun	swe	Tranemo kommune	properNoun	nor
Tranemo	properNoun	swe	Tranemo	properNoun	nor
Tranholmen	properNoun	swe	Tranholmen	properNoun	nor
Trani	properNoun	swe	Trani	properNoun	nor
Tranquillity Valley	properNoun	swe	Tranquillity Valley	properNoun	nor
Transantarktiska bergen	properNoun	swe	Dei transantarktiske fjella	properNoun	nor
Transantarktiska bergen	properNoun	swe	Transantarktiske fjellkjede	properNoun	nor
Transparency International	properNoun	swe	Transparency International	properNoun	nor
Transsylvanska alperna	properNoun	swe	De transilvanske alper	properNoun	nor
Transsylvanska alperna	properNoun	swe	Dei sørlege Karpatane	properNoun	nor
Transtrand	properNoun	swe	Transtrand	properNoun	nor
Tranås kommun	properNoun	swe	Tranås kommune	properNoun	nor
Tranås	properNoun	swe	Tranås	properNoun	nor
Trapani	properNoun	swe	Trapani	properNoun	nor
Traralgon	properNoun	swe	Traralgon	properNoun	nor
Traryd	properNoun	swe	Traryd	properNoun	nor
Traunsee	properNoun	swe	Traunsee	properNoun	nor
Trave	properNoun	swe	Trave	properNoun	nor
Trebbia	properNoun	swe	Trebbia	properNoun	nor
Trebbin	properNoun	swe	Trebbin	properNoun	nor
Trebel	properNoun	swe	Trebel	properNoun	nor
Treblinka	properNoun	swe	Treblinka	properNoun	nor
Tredegar	properNoun	swe	Tredegar	properNoun	nor
Tredje franska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den tredje franske republikk	properNoun	nor
Tredje franska republiken	properNoun	swe	Den tredje franske republikken	properNoun	nor
Trefaldighetskyrkan	properNoun	swe	Treeiningskyrkja	properNoun	nor
Trefoldighetskirken	properNoun	swe	Trefoldighetskirken	properNoun	nor
Trefoldighetskirken	properNoun	swe	Trefoldighetskyrkja	properNoun	nor
Trehörningen	properNoun	swe	Trehörningen	properNoun	nor
Treia	properNoun	swe	Treia	properNoun	nor
Treiten	properNoun	swe	Treiten	properNoun	nor
Trekanten	properNoun	swe	Trekanten	properNoun	nor
Trekantssambandet	properNoun	swe	Trekantsambandet	properNoun	nor
Trelleborgs kommun	properNoun	swe	Trelleborg kommune	properNoun	nor
Trenčín	properNoun	swe	Trenčín	properNoun	nor
Trenholm Point	properNoun	swe	Trenholm Point	properNoun	nor
Trento	properNoun	swe	Trento	properNoun	nor
Treriksröset	properNoun	swe	Treriksrøys	properNoun	nor
Treriksröset	properNoun	swe	Treriksrøysa	properNoun	nor
Tres Sargentos	properNoun	swe	Tres Sargentos	properNoun	nor
Tresco	properNoun	swe	Tresco	properNoun	nor
Trethewry Point	properNoun	swe	Trethewry Point	properNoun	nor
Tretjakovgalleriet	properNoun	swe	Tretjakovgalleriet	properNoun	nor
Treuchtlingen	properNoun	swe	Treuchtlingen	properNoun	nor
Treuenbrietzen	properNoun	swe	Treuenbrietzen	properNoun	nor
Treves Butte	properNoun	swe	Treves Butte	properNoun	nor
Trevi	properNoun	swe	Trevi	properNoun	nor
Trevico	properNoun	swe	Trevico	properNoun	nor
Treviglio	properNoun	swe	Treviglio	properNoun	nor
Treviso	properNoun	swe	Treviso	properNoun	nor
Treycovagnes	properNoun	swe	Treycovagnes	properNoun	nor
Treytorrens	properNoun	swe	Treytorrens	properNoun	nor
Treyvaux	properNoun	swe	Treyvaux	properNoun	nor
Triassic Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Triassic Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Trickster Rocks	properNoun	swe	Trickster Rocks	properNoun	nor
Tricouni	properNoun	swe	Tricouni	properNoun	nor
Triebel	properNoun	swe	Triebel	properNoun	nor
Triesen	properNoun	swe	Triesen	properNoun	nor
Triesenberg	properNoun	swe	Triesenberg	properNoun	nor
Trieste	properNoun	swe	Trieste	properNoun	nor
Triglav	properNoun	swe	Triglav	properNoun	nor
Trikala	properNoun	swe	Trikala	properNoun	nor
Trikala	properNoun	swe	Tríkala	properNoun	nor
Trillingøyane	properNoun	swe	Trillingøyane	properNoun	nor
Trimmis	properNoun	swe	Trimmis	properNoun	nor
Trimstein	properNoun	swe	Trimstein	properNoun	nor
Trin	properNoun	swe	Trin	properNoun	nor
Tring	properNoun	swe	Tring	properNoun	nor
Trinity College	properNoun	swe	Trinity College	properNoun	nor
Trinity Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Trinity Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Trinity United Church of Christ	properNoun	swe	Trinity United Church of Christ	properNoun	nor
Trinityhalvön	properNoun	swe	Trinityhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Trinitytestet	properNoun	swe	Trinityprøvesprengningen	properNoun	nor
Trinitytestet	properNoun	swe	Trinitytesten	properNoun	nor
Trio Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Trio Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Tripoli	properNoun	swe	Trípoli	properNoun	nor
Tripura	properNoun	swe	Tripura	properNoun	nor
Tristan da Cunha	properNoun	swe	Tristan da Cunha	properNoun	nor
Triton Point	properNoun	swe	Triton Point	properNoun	nor
Tritoppen	properNoun	swe	Tritoppen	properNoun	nor
Trittau	properNoun	swe	Trittau	properNoun	nor
Triumfbågen	properNoun	swe	Triumfbogen	properNoun	nor
Triumfbågen	properNoun	swe	Triumfbuen	properNoun	nor
Trnava	properNoun	swe	Trnava	properNoun	nor
Trochtelfingen	properNoun	swe	Trochtelfingen	properNoun	nor
Trockener Steg	properNoun	swe	Trockener Steg	properNoun	nor
Trofors	properNoun	swe	Trofors	properNoun	nor
Trogen	properNoun	swe	Trogen	properNoun	nor
Troia	properNoun	swe	Troia	properNoun	nor
Troinex	properNoun	swe	Troinex	properNoun	nor
Troisdorf	properNoun	swe	Troisdorf	properNoun	nor
Troisgots	properNoun	swe	Troisgots	properNoun	nor
Troizen	properNoun	swe	Trizína	properNoun	nor
Troja	properNoun	swe	Troja	properNoun	nor
Trojan Range	properNoun	swe	Trojan Range	properNoun	nor
Trojany	properNoun	swe	Trojany	properNoun	nor
Troldhaugen	properNoun	swe	Troldhaugen	properNoun	nor
Trollhättan	properNoun	swe	Trollhättan	properNoun	nor
Trollhättans kommun	properNoun	swe	Trollhättan kommune	properNoun	nor
Trollhättefallen	properNoun	swe	Trollhättanfalla	properNoun	nor
Trollhättefallen	properNoun	swe	Trollhättefallene	properNoun	nor
Trollkjelpiggen	properNoun	swe	Trollkjelpiggen	properNoun	nor
Trollskogen	properNoun	swe	Trollskogen	properNoun	nor
Trollslottet	properNoun	swe	Trollslottet	properNoun	nor
Trollstigen	properNoun	swe	Trollstigen	properNoun	nor
Trollstigen	properNoun	swe	Trollstigvegen	properNoun	nor
Trolltindan	properNoun	swe	Trolltindan	properNoun	nor
Trolltindan	properNoun	swe	Trolltindene	properNoun	nor
Trolltjärnen	properNoun	swe	Trolltjärnen	properNoun	nor
Trolltunga	properNoun	swe	Trolltunga	properNoun	nor
Trollväggen	properNoun	swe	Trollveggen	properNoun	nor
Trompete	properNoun	swe	Trompete	properNoun	nor
Troms fylke	properNoun	swe	Troms fylke	properNoun	nor
Tromsdalstinden	properNoun	swe	Tromsdalstinden	properNoun	nor
Tromsø Museum	properNoun	swe	Tromsø Museum	properNoun	nor
Tromsø flygplats	properNoun	swe	Tromsø lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Tromsø flygplats	properNoun	swe	Tromsø lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Tromsø katolska stift	properNoun	swe	Tromsø katolske stift	properNoun	nor
Tromsøbrua	properNoun	swe	Tromsøbrua	properNoun	nor
Tromsøya	properNoun	swe	Tromsøya	properNoun	nor
Trondheims katolska stift	properNoun	swe	Trondheim katolske stift	properNoun	nor
Trondheimsleden	properNoun	swe	Trondheimsleia	properNoun	nor
Trosa kommun	properNoun	swe	Trosa kommune	properNoun	nor
Trosa	properNoun	swe	Trosa	properNoun	nor
Trosaån	properNoun	swe	Trosaån	properNoun	nor
Trost Rocks	properNoun	swe	Trost Rocks	properNoun	nor
Troyes	properNoun	swe	Troyes	properNoun	nor
Trub	properNoun	swe	Trub	properNoun	nor
Trubelstock	properNoun	swe	Trubelstock	properNoun	nor
Trubschachen	properNoun	swe	Trubschachen	properNoun	nor
Trubtjevsk	properNoun	swe	Trubtsjevsk	properNoun	nor
Trudge Valley	properNoun	swe	Trudge Valley	properNoun	nor
True Hills	properNoun	swe	True Hills	properNoun	nor
Trugberg	properNoun	swe	Trugberg	properNoun	nor
Trulsegården	properNoun	swe	Trulsegården	properNoun	nor
Truman Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Truman Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Trummen	properNoun	swe	Trummen	properNoun	nor
Trun	properNoun	swe	Trun	properNoun	nor
Trundholms kommun	properNoun	swe	Trundholm kommune	properNoun	nor
Trundholmsvagnen	properNoun	swe	Solvogna frå Trundholm	properNoun	nor
Trundholmsvagnen	properNoun	swe	Trundholmsvognen	properNoun	nor
Truro	properNoun	swe	Truro	properNoun	nor
Truskavets	properNoun	swe	Truskavets	properNoun	nor
Tryggevældestenen	properNoun	swe	Tryggevældesteinen	properNoun	nor
Tryggve Point	properNoun	swe	Tryggve Point	properNoun	nor
Trylen	properNoun	swe	Trylen	properNoun	nor
Tryne Crossing	properNoun	swe	Tryne Crossing	properNoun	nor
Trysilfjellet	properNoun	swe	Trysilfjellet	properNoun	nor
Trzcianka	properNoun	swe	Trzcianka	properNoun	nor
Trädet	properNoun	swe	Trädet	properNoun	nor
Träskaten	properNoun	swe	Träskaten	properNoun	nor
Träskända	properNoun	swe	Träskända	properNoun	nor
Träslövsläge	properNoun	swe	Träslövsläge	properNoun	nor
Trånghalla	properNoun	swe	Trånghalla	properNoun	nor
Trångsund	properNoun	swe	Trångsund	properNoun	nor
Trångsviken	properNoun	swe	Trångsviken	properNoun	nor
Tråvad	properNoun	swe	Tråvad	properNoun	nor
Trödje	properNoun	swe	Trödje	properNoun	nor
Trönninge	properNoun	swe	Trönninge	properNoun	nor
Trømborg	properNoun	swe	Trømborg	properNoun	nor
Trümmelbachfälle	properNoun	swe	Trümmelbachfälle	properNoun	nor
Tsamblak Hill	properNoun	swe	Tsamblak Hill	properNoun	nor
Tsarbomben	properNoun	swe	Tsar-bomba	properNoun	nor
Tsarbomben	properNoun	swe	Tsar Bomba	properNoun	nor
Tsarskoje Selo	properNoun	swe	Tsarskoye Selo	properNoun	nor
Tschappina	properNoun	swe	Tschappina	properNoun	nor
Tschima da Flix	properNoun	swe	Tschima da Flix	properNoun	nor
Tschingelhorn	properNoun	swe	Tschingelhorn	properNoun	nor
Tschingellochtighorn	properNoun	swe	Tschingellochtighorn	properNoun	nor
Tschingelspitz	properNoun	swe	Tschingelspitz	properNoun	nor
Tschinvali	properNoun	swe	Tskhinvali	properNoun	nor
Tschlin	properNoun	swe	Tschlin	properNoun	nor
Tschugg	properNoun	swe	Tschugg	properNoun	nor
Tschuggen	properNoun	swe	Tschuggen	properNoun	nor
Tsiurupynsk	properNoun	swe	Tsiurupynsk	properNoun	nor
Tsivilsk	properNoun	swe	Tsivilsk	properNoun	nor
Tsjortkiv	properNoun	swe	Tsjortkiv	properNoun	nor
Tsodilo	properNoun	swe	Tsodilo	properNoun	nor
Tsqaltubo	properNoun	swe	Tsqaltubo	properNoun	nor
Tuckahoe	properNoun	swe	Tuckahoe	properNoun	nor
Tufft Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Tufft Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Tufts Pass	properNoun	swe	Tufts Pass	properNoun	nor
Tujetsch	properNoun	swe	Tujetsch	properNoun	nor
Tukotok	properNoun	swe	Tukotok	properNoun	nor
Tula Mountains	properNoun	swe	Tula Mountains	properNoun	nor
Tula oblast	properNoun	swe	Tula oblast	properNoun	nor
Tula oblast	properNoun	swe	Tula	properNoun	nor
Tula	properNoun	swe	Tula	properNoun	nor
Tulcea	properNoun	swe	Tulcea	properNoun	nor
Tulebo	properNoun	swe	Tulebo	properNoun	nor
Tulia	properNoun	swe	Tulia	properNoun	nor
Tulkarm	properNoun	swe	Tulkarem	properNoun	nor
Tulkarm	properNoun	swe	Tulkarm	properNoun	nor
Tullan	properNoun	swe	Tullan	properNoun	nor
Tulle	properNoun	swe	Tulle	properNoun	nor
Tullingesjön	properNoun	swe	Tullingesjön	properNoun	nor
Tuluá	properNoun	swe	Tuluá	properNoun	nor
Tumbes	properNoun	swe	Tumbes	properNoun	nor
Tumbo	properNoun	swe	Tumbo	properNoun	nor
Tumlehed	properNoun	swe	Tumlehed	properNoun	nor
Tumnin	properNoun	swe	Tumnin	properNoun	nor
Tun	properNoun	swe	Tun	properNoun	nor
Tuna	properNoun	swe	Tuna	properNoun	nor
Tunadal	properNoun	swe	Tunadal	properNoun	nor
Tunau	properNoun	swe	Tunau	properNoun	nor
Tunceli	properNoun	swe	Tunceli	properNoun	nor
Tundzja	properNoun	swe	Tundzja	properNoun	nor
Tungurahua	properNoun	swe	Tungurahua	properNoun	nor
Tuning Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Tuning Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Tunnerstad	properNoun	swe	Tunnerstad	properNoun	nor
Tunø	properNoun	swe	Tunø	properNoun	nor
Tura	properNoun	swe	Tura	properNoun	nor
Tura	properNoun	swe	Turaelva	properNoun	nor
Turbidite Hill	properNoun	swe	Turbidite Hill	properNoun	nor
Tureholm	properNoun	swe	Tureholm	properNoun	nor
Turgi	properNoun	swe	Turgi	properNoun	nor
Turia	properNoun	swe	Turia	properNoun	nor
Turin	properNoun	swe	Torino	properNoun	nor
Turinsk	properNoun	swe	Turinsk	properNoun	nor
Turnabout Valley	properNoun	swe	Turnabout Valley	properNoun	nor
Turnen	properNoun	swe	Turnen	properNoun	nor
Turner Valley	properNoun	swe	Turner Valley	properNoun	nor
Turnstile Ridge	properNoun	swe	Turnstile Ridge	properNoun	nor
Turquet	properNoun	swe	Turquet	properNoun	nor
Turret Cone	properNoun	swe	Turret Cone	properNoun	nor
Turret Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Turret Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Turtagrø	properNoun	swe	Turtagrø	properNoun	nor
Turtmann	properNoun	swe	Turtmann	properNoun	nor
Turtmannspitze	properNoun	swe	Pointe de Tourtemagne	properNoun	nor
Tusby	properNoun	swe	Tusby	properNoun	nor
Tuscumbia	properNoun	swe	Tuscumbia	properNoun	nor
Tusenfryd	properNoun	swe	Tusenfryd	properNoun	nor
Tusenøyane	properNoun	swe	Tusenøyane	properNoun	nor
Tuskegee	properNoun	swe	Tuskegee	properNoun	nor
Tuttlingen	properNoun	swe	Tuttlingen	properNoun	nor
Tutzing	properNoun	swe	Tutzing	properNoun	nor
Tuva	properNoun	swe	Tyva	properNoun	nor
Tuvträsk	properNoun	swe	Tuvträsk	properNoun	nor
Tuxer Alpen	properNoun	swe	Tuxeralpane	properNoun	nor
Tuxtla Gutiérrez	properNoun	swe	Tuxtla Gutiérrez	properNoun	nor
Tuzla	properNoun	swe	Tuzla	properNoun	nor
Tver oblast	properNoun	swe	Tver oblast	properNoun	nor
Tversted	properNoun	swe	Tversted	properNoun	nor
Tvibåsen	properNoun	swe	Tvibasen	properNoun	nor
Tvärskog	properNoun	swe	Tvärskog	properNoun	nor
Tvärålund	properNoun	swe	Tvärålund	properNoun	nor
Tvååker	properNoun	swe	Tvååker	properNoun	nor
Tweralpspitz	properNoun	swe	Tweralpspitz	properNoun	nor
Twickenham	properNoun	swe	Twickenham	properNoun	nor
Twickler Cone	properNoun	swe	Twickler Cone	properNoun	nor
Twig Rock	properNoun	swe	Twig Rock	properNoun	nor
Twin Crater	properNoun	swe	Twin Crater	properNoun	nor
Twin Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Twin Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Twist	properNoun	swe	Twist	properNoun	nor
Twistringen	properNoun	swe	Twistringen	properNoun	nor
Tychy	properNoun	swe	Tychy	properNoun	nor
Tygelsjö	properNoun	swe	Tygelsjö	properNoun	nor
Tyholttårnet	properNoun	swe	Tyholttårnet	properNoun	nor
Tyke Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Tyke Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Tylösand	properNoun	swe	Tylösand	properNoun	nor
Tynda	properNoun	swe	Tynda	properNoun	nor
Tyndall Mountains	properNoun	swe	Tyndall Mountains	properNoun	nor
Tyne and Wear	properNoun	swe	Tyne and Wear	properNoun	nor
Tyne	properNoun	swe	Tyne	properNoun	nor
Tynningö	properNoun	swe	Tynningö	properNoun	nor
Tynnyrilaki	properNoun	swe	Tynnyrilaki	properNoun	nor
Tynwald	properNoun	swe	Tynwald	properNoun	nor
Tyree Head	properNoun	swe	Tyree Head	properNoun	nor
Tyresö kommun	properNoun	swe	Tyresö kommune	properNoun	nor
Tyringe	properNoun	swe	Tyringe	properNoun	nor
Tyristrand	properNoun	swe	Tyristrand	properNoun	nor
Tyrol Valley	properNoun	swe	Tyrol Valley	properNoun	nor
Tyrolen	properNoun	swe	Tirol	properNoun	nor
Tyrone	properNoun	swe	Tyrone	properNoun	nor
Tyrrenska havet	properNoun	swe	Tyrrenhavet	properNoun	nor
Tysfjorden	properNoun	swe	Tysfjorden	properNoun	nor
Tyska bukten	properNoun	swe	Tyskebukta	properNoun	nor
Tyska förbundet	properNoun	swe	Det tyske forbund	properNoun	nor
Tyska förbundet	properNoun	swe	Det tyske forbundet	properNoun	nor
Tysnesøy	properNoun	swe	Tysnesøy	properNoun	nor
Tystberga	properNoun	swe	Tystberga	properNoun	nor
Târgoviște	properNoun	swe	Târgovişte	properNoun	nor
Târgu Jiu	properNoun	swe	Târgu Jiu	properNoun	nor
Târgu Mureş	properNoun	swe	Târgu Mureş	properNoun	nor
Târgu Mureş	properNoun	swe	Târgu Mureș	properNoun	nor
Täby kommun	properNoun	swe	Täby kommune	properNoun	nor
Täby	properNoun	swe	Täby	properNoun	nor
Täfteå	properNoun	swe	Täfteå	properNoun	nor
Tägerig	properNoun	swe	Tägerig	properNoun	nor
Tägerschen	properNoun	swe	Tägerschen	properNoun	nor
Tägertschi	properNoun	swe	Tägertschi	properNoun	nor
Täljö	properNoun	swe	Täljö	properNoun	nor
Tällberg	properNoun	swe	Tällberg	properNoun	nor
Tämnarån	properNoun	swe	Tämnarån	properNoun	nor
Tänndalen	properNoun	swe	Tänndalen	properNoun	nor
Tännsjön	properNoun	swe	Tännsjön	properNoun	nor
Tärendö älv	properNoun	swe	Tärendö älv	properNoun	nor
Tärnaby	properNoun	swe	Tärnaby	properNoun	nor
Tärnsjö	properNoun	swe	Tärnsjö	properNoun	nor
Tärnö	properNoun	swe	Tärnö	properNoun	nor
Täschhorn	properNoun	swe	Täschhorn	properNoun	nor
Täuffelen	properNoun	swe	Täuffelen	properNoun	nor
Tävelsås	properNoun	swe	Tävelsås	properNoun	nor
Tågarp	properNoun	swe	Tågarp	properNoun	nor
Tåkern	properNoun	swe	Tåkern	properNoun	nor
Tånga och Rögle	properNoun	swe	Tånga och Rögle	properNoun	nor
Tångaberg	properNoun	swe	Tångaberg	properNoun	nor
Tårnby kommun	properNoun	swe	Tårnby kommune	properNoun	nor
Tåsinge	properNoun	swe	Tåsinge	properNoun	nor
Témara	properNoun	swe	Témara	properNoun	nor
Tête de Balme	properNoun	swe	Tête de Balme	properNoun	nor
Tête de Milon	properNoun	swe	Tête de Milon	properNoun	nor
Tête du Géant	properNoun	swe	Tête du Géant	properNoun	nor
Tête du Portail	properNoun	swe	Tête du Portail	properNoun	nor
Tête à Pierre Grept	properNoun	swe	Tête à Pierre Grept	properNoun	nor
Tõnismäe	properNoun	swe	Tõnismägi	properNoun	nor
Tõrva	properNoun	swe	Tõrva	properNoun	nor
Töcksfors	properNoun	swe	Töcksfors	properNoun	nor
Tödi	properNoun	swe	Tödi	properNoun	nor
Töllsjö	properNoun	swe	Töllsjö	properNoun	nor
Tönisvorst	properNoun	swe	Tönisvorst	properNoun	nor
Tönning	properNoun	swe	Tönning	properNoun	nor
Tönning	properNoun	swe	Tønning	properNoun	nor
Töre	properNoun	swe	Töre	properNoun	nor
Töreboda kommun	properNoun	swe	Töreboda kommune	properNoun	nor
Töreboda	properNoun	swe	Töreboda	properNoun	nor
Törestorp	properNoun	swe	Törestorp	properNoun	nor
Töss	properNoun	swe	Töss	properNoun	nor
Tösse	properNoun	swe	Tösse	properNoun	nor
Tønsbergs domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Tønsberg domkirke	properNoun	nor
Tønsbergs domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Tønsberg domkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Tøyen	properNoun	swe	Tøyen	properNoun	nor
Tübach	properNoun	swe	Tübach	properNoun	nor
Tübingen	properNoun	swe	Tübingen	properNoun	nor
Tübingens universitet	properNoun	swe	Universitetet i Tübingen	properNoun	nor
Türi	properNoun	swe	Türi	properNoun	nor
Türk Telekom Arena	properNoun	swe	Turk Telekom Arena	properNoun	nor
Türk Telekom Arena	properNoun	swe	Türk Telekom Arena	properNoun	nor
Türkistan	properNoun	swe	Turkestan i Kasakhstan	properNoun	nor
Türlersee	properNoun	swe	Türlersee	properNoun	nor
USS Akron	properNoun	swe	USS «Akron»	properNoun	nor
USS Constellation	properNoun	swe	USS «Constellation»	properNoun	nor
USS Constitution	properNoun	swe	USS «Constitution»	properNoun	nor
USS Enterprise	properNoun	swe	USS «Enterprise»	properNoun	nor
USS Hornet	properNoun	swe	USS «Hornet»	properNoun	nor
USS Lexington	properNoun	swe	USS «Lexington»	properNoun	nor
Ubarts	properNoun	swe	Ubort	properNoun	nor
Ubay	properNoun	swe	Ubay	properNoun	nor
Uberaba	properNoun	swe	Uberaba	properNoun	nor
Ubique	properNoun	swe	Ubique	properNoun	nor
Ucayali	properNoun	swe	Ucayali	properNoun	nor
Uchiko	properNoun	swe	Uchiko	properNoun	nor
Uchta	properNoun	swe	Ukhta	properNoun	nor
Uchte	properNoun	swe	Uchte	properNoun	nor
Učka	properNoun	swe	Učka	properNoun	nor
Uckermark	properNoun	swe	Uckermark	properNoun	nor
Uckfield	properNoun	swe	Uckfield	properNoun	nor
Ucklum	properNoun	swe	Ucklum	properNoun	nor
Uddebo	properNoun	swe	Uddebo	properNoun	nor
Uddeholm	properNoun	swe	Uddeholm	properNoun	nor
Uddevalla kommun	properNoun	swe	Uddevalla kommune	properNoun	nor
Uddheden	properNoun	swe	Uddheden	properNoun	nor
Uddjaure	properNoun	swe	Uddjaure	properNoun	nor
Udine	properNoun	swe	Udine	properNoun	nor
Udmurtien	properNoun	swe	Udmurtia	properNoun	nor
Ueberstorf	properNoun	swe	Ueberstorf	properNoun	nor
Uebeschi	properNoun	swe	Uebeschi	properNoun	nor
Uecker	properNoun	swe	Uecker	properNoun	nor
Uedem	properNoun	swe	Uedem	properNoun	nor
Ueken	properNoun	swe	Ueken	properNoun	nor
Uentrop	properNoun	swe	Uentrop	properNoun	nor
Uerdingen	properNoun	swe	Uerdingen	properNoun	nor
Uerkheim	properNoun	swe	Uerkheim	properNoun	nor
Uetendorf	properNoun	swe	Uetendorf	properNoun	nor
Uetersen	properNoun	swe	Uetersen	properNoun	nor
Uetliberg	properNoun	swe	Üetliberg	properNoun	nor
Uetze	properNoun	swe	Uetze	properNoun	nor
Uezwil	properNoun	swe	Uezwil	properNoun	nor
Ufa	properNoun	swe	Ufa	properNoun	nor
Uffeln	properNoun	swe	Uffeln	properNoun	nor
Uffington	properNoun	swe	Uffington	properNoun	nor
Uffizierna	properNoun	swe	Uffizi	properNoun	nor
Uffizierna	properNoun	swe	Uffiziane	properNoun	nor
Ugain Point	properNoun	swe	Ugain Point	properNoun	nor
Ugarchin Point	properNoun	swe	Ugarchin Point	properNoun	nor
Ugarit	properNoun	swe	Ugarit	properNoun	nor
Uggdal	properNoun	swe	Uggdal	properNoun	nor
Uggleviken	properNoun	swe	Uggleviken	properNoun	nor
Uglegorsk	properNoun	swe	Uglegorsk	properNoun	nor
Ugljan	properNoun	swe	Ugljan	properNoun	nor
Uhingen	properNoun	swe	Uhingen	properNoun	nor
Uhlenbrock	properNoun	swe	Uhlenbrock	properNoun	nor
Uiramutã	properNoun	swe	Uiramutã	properNoun	nor
Ulan Bator	properNoun	swe	Ulan Bator	properNoun	nor
Ule träsk	properNoun	swe	Ule träsk	properNoun	nor
Ule träsk	properNoun	swe	Ulesjøen	properNoun	nor
Ule älv	properNoun	swe	Ule elv	properNoun	nor
Ule älv	properNoun	swe	Ule älv	properNoun	nor
Uleåborgs län	properNoun	swe	Uleåborgs län	properNoun	nor
Uleåborgs universitet	properNoun	swe	Uleåborgs universitet	properNoun	nor
Uljanovsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Uljanovsk oblast	properNoun	nor
Uljanovsk oblast	properNoun	swe	Uljanovsk	properNoun	nor
Uljanovsk	properNoun	swe	Uljanovsk	properNoun	nor
Ullapool	properNoun	swe	Ullapool	properNoun	nor
Ullared	properNoun	swe	Ullared	properNoun	nor
Ullatti	properNoun	swe	Ullatti	properNoun	nor
Ullensvang kyrka	properNoun	swe	Ullensvang kirke	properNoun	nor
Ullensvang kyrka	properNoun	swe	Ullensvang kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Ullervad	properNoun	swe	Ullervad	properNoun	nor
Ullerøy	properNoun	swe	Ullerøy	properNoun	nor
Ullevi	properNoun	swe	Ullevi	properNoun	nor
Ullevål Stadion	properNoun	swe	Ullevaal Stadion	properNoun	nor
Ullånger	properNoun	swe	Ullånger	properNoun	nor
Ulm	properNoun	swe	Ulm	properNoun	nor
Ulmiz	properNoun	swe	Ulmiz	properNoun	nor
Ulricehamn	properNoun	swe	Ulricehamn	properNoun	nor
Ulricehamns kommun	properNoun	swe	Ulricehamn kommune	properNoun	nor
Ulster	properNoun	swe	Ulster	properNoun	nor
Ultuna	properNoun	swe	Ultuna	properNoun	nor
Ulu Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Ulu Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Uluru	properNoun	swe	Uluru	properNoun	nor
Ulverston	properNoun	swe	Ulverston	properNoun	nor
Ulvetanna	properNoun	swe	Ulvetanna	properNoun	nor
Ulvkälla	properNoun	swe	Ulvkälla	properNoun	nor
Ulvsjön	properNoun	swe	Ulvsjön	properNoun	nor
Ulvåker	properNoun	swe	Ulvåker	properNoun	nor
Ulvøya	properNoun	swe	Ulvøya	properNoun	nor
Uman	properNoun	swe	Uman	properNoun	nor
Umbozero	properNoun	swe	Umbozero	properNoun	nor
Umbriel	properNoun	swe	Umbriel	properNoun	nor
Umbrien	properNoun	swe	Umbria	properNoun	nor
Ume älv	properNoun	swe	Ume älv	properNoun	nor
Umeå kommun	properNoun	swe	Umeå kommune	properNoun	nor
Umeå universitet	properNoun	swe	Umeå universitet	properNoun	nor
Umeå universitetsbibliotek	properNoun	swe	Universitetsbiblioteket i Umeå	properNoun	nor
Umeå	properNoun	swe	Umeå	properNoun	nor
Umgransele	properNoun	swe	Umgransele	properNoun	nor
Umm Qais	properNoun	swe	Umm Qais	properNoun	nor
Ummanz	properNoun	swe	Ummanz	properNoun	nor
Ummerstadt	properNoun	swe	Ummerstadt	properNoun	nor
Umnäs	properNoun	swe	Umnäs	properNoun	nor
Una	properNoun	swe	Una	properNoun	nor
Unac	properNoun	swe	Unac	properNoun	nor
Unalaska	properNoun	swe	Unalaska	properNoun	nor
Unbyn	properNoun	swe	Unbyn	properNoun	nor
Undenäs	properNoun	swe	Undenäs	properNoun	nor
Underground	properNoun	swe	Underground	properNoun	nor
Undersåker	properNoun	swe	Undersåker	properNoun	nor
Undervelier	properNoun	swe	Undervelier	properNoun	nor
Ungerns parlament	properNoun	swe	Országgyűlés	properNoun	nor
Ungerns parlament	properNoun	swe	Ungarns parlament	properNoun	nor
Ungheni	properNoun	swe	Ungheni	properNoun	nor
Uniejów	properNoun	swe	Uniejów	properNoun	nor
Unije	properNoun	swe	Unije	properNoun	nor
Union Square Theatre	properNoun	swe	Union Square Theatre	properNoun	nor
Uniontown	properNoun	swe	Uniontown	properNoun	nor
United States Geological Survey	properNoun	swe	Amerikas forente staters geologiske undersøkelse	properNoun	nor
United States Geological Survey	properNoun	swe	United States Geological Survey	properNoun	nor
United States Military Academy	properNoun	swe	United States Military Academy	properNoun	nor
Universidade Federal da Bahia	properNoun	swe	Universidade Federal da Bahia	properNoun	nor
Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais	properNoun	swe	Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais	properNoun	nor
Universitetet i Bergen	properNoun	swe	Universitetet i Bergen	properNoun	nor
Universitetet i Leiden	properNoun	swe	Universitetet i Leiden	properNoun	nor
Universitetet i Oslo	properNoun	swe	Universitetet i Oslo	properNoun	nor
Universitetet i Siena	properNoun	swe	Universitetet i Siena	properNoun	nor
Universitetet i Tromsø	properNoun	swe	Universitetet i Tromsø	properNoun	nor
Universitetscentret på Svalbard	properNoun	swe	Universitetssenteret på Svalbard	properNoun	nor
Universitetsholmen	properNoun	swe	Universitetsholmen	properNoun	nor
Universitetsmuseet i Bergen	properNoun	swe	Universitetsmuseet i Bergen	properNoun	nor
University College London	properNoun	swe	University College London	properNoun	nor
University Valley	properNoun	swe	University Valley	properNoun	nor
University of Chicago	properNoun	swe	University of Chicago	properNoun	nor
University of Delaware	properNoun	swe	University of Delaware	properNoun	nor
University of Essex	properNoun	swe	University of Essex	properNoun	nor
University of Florida	properNoun	swe	University of Florida	properNoun	nor
University of Glasgow	properNoun	swe	University of Glasgow	properNoun	nor
University of Hawaii	properNoun	swe	University of Hawaii	properNoun	nor
University of Kansas	properNoun	swe	University of Kansas	properNoun	nor
University of London	properNoun	swe	University of London	properNoun	nor
University of Maine	properNoun	swe	University of Maine	properNoun	nor
University of Michigan	properNoun	swe	University of Michigan	properNoun	nor
University of Minnesota	properNoun	swe	University of Minnesota	properNoun	nor
University of Nebraska–Lincoln	properNoun	swe	University of Nebraska–Lincoln	properNoun	nor
University of Nevada	properNoun	swe	University of Nevada	properNoun	nor
University of New Hampshire	properNoun	swe	University of New Hampshire	properNoun	nor
University of New South Wales	properNoun	swe	University of New South Wales	properNoun	nor
University of Pittsburgh	properNoun	swe	University of Pittsburgh	properNoun	nor
University of Reading	properNoun	swe	University of Reading	properNoun	nor
University of Sussex	properNoun	swe	University of Sussex	properNoun	nor
University of Technology	properNoun	swe	University of Technology	properNoun	nor
University of Toronto	properNoun	swe	University of Toronto	properNoun	nor
University of Washington	properNoun	swe	University of Washington	properNoun	nor
University of Wisconsin–Madison	properNoun	swe	University of Wisconsin	properNoun	nor
University of Wisconsin–Madison	properNoun	swe	University of Wisconsin–Madison	properNoun	nor
Universität Potsdam	properNoun	swe	Universität Potsdam	properNoun	nor
Unley	properNoun	swe	Unley	properNoun	nor
Unlingen	properNoun	swe	Unlingen	properNoun	nor
Unnaryd	properNoun	swe	Unnaryd	properNoun	nor
Unneruskollen	properNoun	swe	Unneruskollen	properNoun	nor
Unst	properNoun	swe	Unst	properNoun	nor
Unstrut	properNoun	swe	Unstrut	properNoun	nor
Unter Gabelhorn	properNoun	swe	Unter Gabelhorn	properNoun	nor
Unterbächhorn	properNoun	swe	Unterbächhorn	properNoun	nor
Unterbözberg	properNoun	swe	Unterbözberg	properNoun	nor
Untere Argen	properNoun	swe	Untere Argen	properNoun	nor
Untereggen	properNoun	swe	Untereggen	properNoun	nor
Unterems	properNoun	swe	Unterems	properNoun	nor
Unterendingen	properNoun	swe	Unterendingen	properNoun	nor
Unterentfelden	properNoun	swe	Unterentfelden	properNoun	nor
Unterkulm	properNoun	swe	Unterkulm	properNoun	nor
Unterlangenegg	properNoun	swe	Unterlangenegg	properNoun	nor
Unterlunkhofen	properNoun	swe	Unterlunkhofen	properNoun	nor
Unterramsern	properNoun	swe	Unterramsern	properNoun	nor
Unterriexingen	properNoun	swe	Unterriexingen	properNoun	nor
Unterseen	properNoun	swe	Unterseen	properNoun	nor
Untersiggenthal	properNoun	swe	Untersiggenthal	properNoun	nor
Untervaz	properNoun	swe	Untervaz	properNoun	nor
Unterwalden	properNoun	swe	Unterwalden	properNoun	nor
Upa	properNoun	swe	Upa	properNoun	nor
Uplengen	properNoun	swe	Uplengen	properNoun	nor
Upper Marlboro	properNoun	swe	Upper Marlboro	properNoun	nor
Upperville	properNoun	swe	Upperville	properNoun	nor
Upphärad	properNoun	swe	Upphärad	properNoun	nor
Uppingham	properNoun	swe	Uppingham	properNoun	nor
Upplanda	properNoun	swe	Upplanda	properNoun	nor
Upplands Väsby kommun	properNoun	swe	Upplands Väsby kommune	properNoun	nor
Upplands Väsby	properNoun	swe	Upplands Väsby	properNoun	nor
Upproret i Warszawas getto	properNoun	swe	Oppreisten i Warszawaghettoen	properNoun	nor
Uppsala domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Uppsala domkirke	properNoun	nor
Uppsala domkyrka	properNoun	swe	Uppsala domkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Uppsala kommun	properNoun	swe	Uppsala kommune	properNoun	nor
Uppsala län	properNoun	swe	Uppsala län	properNoun	nor
Uppsala universitet	properNoun	swe	Uppsala universitet	properNoun	nor
Uppvidinge kommun	properNoun	swe	Uppvidinge kommune	properNoun	nor
Uppåkra	properNoun	swe	Uppåkra	properNoun	nor
Upton upon Severn	properNoun	swe	Upton-upon-Severn	properNoun	nor
Urad	properNoun	swe	Urad	properNoun	nor
Uralbergen	properNoun	swe	Uralfjella	properNoun	nor
Uralbergen	properNoun	swe	Uralfjellene	properNoun	nor
Uralfloden	properNoun	swe	Ural	properNoun	nor
Uralfloden	properNoun	swe	Uralelva	properNoun	nor
Uraniborg	properNoun	swe	Uranienborg	properNoun	nor
Uranienborg	properNoun	swe	Uranienborg	properNoun	nor
Urartu	properNoun	swe	Urartu	properNoun	nor
Urbach	properNoun	swe	Urbach	properNoun	nor
Urban Point	properNoun	swe	Urban Point	properNoun	nor
Urbino	properNoun	swe	Urbino	properNoun	nor
Urdiala	properNoun	swe	Urjala	properNoun	nor
Urfjelldokka	properNoun	swe	Urfjelldokka	properNoun	nor
Urirotstock	properNoun	swe	Uri Rotstock	properNoun	nor
Urmein	properNoun	swe	Urmein	properNoun	nor
Urnes stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Urnes stavkirke	properNoun	nor
Urnes stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Urnes stavkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Urnäsch	properNoun	swe	Urnäsch	properNoun	nor
Ursenbach	properNoun	swe	Ursenbach	properNoun	nor
Urshult	properNoun	swe	Urshult	properNoun	nor
Ursins	properNoun	swe	Ursins	properNoun	nor
Ursviken	properNoun	swe	Ursviken	properNoun	nor
Ursy	properNoun	swe	Ursy	properNoun	nor
Usarp Mountains	properNoun	swe	Usarp Mountains	properNoun	nor
Ushuaia	properNoun	swe	Ushuaia	properNoun	nor
Uskedal	properNoun	swe	Uskedal	properNoun	nor
Uskedal	properNoun	swe	Uskedalen	properNoun	nor
Uslar	properNoun	swe	Uslar	properNoun	nor
Usnea Plug	properNoun	swe	Usnea Plug	properNoun	nor
Usnea Ridge	properNoun	swe	Usnea Ridge	properNoun	nor
Ussel	properNoun	swe	Ussel	properNoun	nor
Ussuri	properNoun	swe	Ussuri	properNoun	nor
Ussurijsk	properNoun	swe	Ussurijsk	properNoun	nor
Ustina Point	properNoun	swe	Ustina Point	properNoun	nor
Ustiurtplatån	properNoun	swe	Ustiurtplatået	properNoun	nor
Ustiurtplatån	properNoun	swe	Ustjurt	properNoun	nor
Ustiuzjna	properNoun	swe	Ustjuzjna	properNoun	nor
Utah Beach	properNoun	swe	Utah Beach	properNoun	nor
Utansjö	properNoun	swe	Utansjö	properNoun	nor
Utby	properNoun	swe	Utby	properNoun	nor
Utena	properNoun	swe	Utena	properNoun	nor
Utersum	properNoun	swe	Utersum	properNoun	nor
Utja	properNoun	swe	Utsja	properNoun	nor
Utkikken	properNoun	swe	Utkikken	properNoun	nor
Utlängan	properNoun	swe	Utlängan	properNoun	nor
Utrecht	properNoun	swe	Utrecht	properNoun	nor
Utråkket	properNoun	swe	Utråkket	properNoun	nor
Utsira fyr	properNoun	swe	Utsira fyr	properNoun	nor
Utsira fyr	properNoun	swe	Utsira fyr	properNoun	nor
Utsira fyr	properNoun	swe	Utsira fyrstasjon	properNoun	nor
Utsjoki	properNoun	swe	Utsjok	properNoun	nor
Utsteinen	properNoun	swe	Utsteinen	properNoun	nor
Uttar Pradesh	properNoun	swe	Uttar Pradesh	properNoun	nor
Uttarakhand	properNoun	swe	Uttarakhand	properNoun	nor
Uttigen	properNoun	swe	Uttigen	properNoun	nor
Uttoxeter	properNoun	swe	Uttoxeter	properNoun	nor
Utvik	properNoun	swe	Utvik	properNoun	nor
Utvälinge	properNoun	swe	Utvälinge	properNoun	nor
Utzenstorf	properNoun	swe	Utzenstorf	properNoun	nor
Utö	properNoun	swe	Utö	properNoun	nor
Utøya	properNoun	swe	Utøya	properNoun	nor
Uvod	properNoun	swe	Uvod	properNoun	nor
Uvs Nuur	properNoun	swe	Uvs Nuur	properNoun	nor
Uvêrsnatten	properNoun	swe	Uvêrsnatten	properNoun	nor
Uxbridge	properNoun	swe	Uxbridge	properNoun	nor
Užice	properNoun	swe	Užice	properNoun	nor
Uzjhorod	properNoun	swe	Uzjhorod	properNoun	nor
Uzwil	properNoun	swe	Uzwil	properNoun	nor
Uşak	properNoun	swe	Uşak	properNoun	nor
Vaalserberg	properNoun	swe	Vaalserberg	properNoun	nor
Vaca Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Vaca Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Vacallo	properNoun	swe	Vacallo	properNoun	nor
Vad	properNoun	swe	Vad	properNoun	nor
Vadehavet	properNoun	swe	Vadehavet	properNoun	nor
Vadstena kommun	properNoun	swe	Vadstena kommune	properNoun	nor
Vadstena	properNoun	swe	Vadstena	properNoun	nor
Vadsø flygplats	properNoun	swe	Vadsø lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Vadsø flygplats	properNoun	swe	Vadsø lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Vágar	properNoun	swe	Vágar	properNoun	nor
Vaggeryds kommun	properNoun	swe	Vaggeryd kommune	properNoun	nor
Vagnhärad	properNoun	swe	Vagnhärad	properNoun	nor
Vaihingen an der Enz	properNoun	swe	Vaihingen an der Enz	properNoun	nor
Vail	properNoun	swe	Vail	properNoun	nor
Vaillac	properNoun	swe	Vaillac	properNoun	nor
Vaitogi	properNoun	swe	Vaitogi	properNoun	nor
Vajgatjön	properNoun	swe	Vajgatsj	properNoun	nor
Vakarel Saddle	properNoun	swe	Vakarel Saddle	properNoun	nor
Val Camonica	properNoun	swe	Val Camonica	properNoun	nor
Val Ferrera	properNoun	swe	Val Ferrera	properNoun	nor
Val Gardena	properNoun	swe	Gherdëina	properNoun	nor
Val Gardena	properNoun	swe	Val Gardena	properNoun	nor
Val Medel	properNoun	swe	Val Medel	properNoun	nor
Val Müstair	properNoun	swe	Val Müstair	properNoun	nor
Val di Campo	properNoun	swe	Val di Campo	properNoun	nor
Val di Fiemme	properNoun	swe	Val di Fiemme	properNoun	nor
Valais	properNoun	swe	Wallis	properNoun	nor
Valakiet	properNoun	swe	Valakia	properNoun	nor
Valangin	properNoun	swe	Valangin	properNoun	nor
Valbellahorn	properNoun	swe	Valbellahorn	properNoun	nor
Valbo	properNoun	swe	Valbo	properNoun	nor
Valbroye	properNoun	swe	Valbroye	properNoun	nor
Valdagno	properNoun	swe	Valdagno	properNoun	nor
Valdaj	properNoun	swe	Valdaj	properNoun	nor
Valdemarsvik	properNoun	swe	Valdemarsvik	properNoun	nor
Valdemarsviks kommun	properNoun	swe	Valdemarsvik kommune	properNoun	nor
Valdorf	properNoun	swe	Valdorf	properNoun	nor
Valdresbanen	properNoun	swe	Valdresbanen	properNoun	nor
Vale of Glamorgan	properNoun	swe	Vale of Glamorgan	properNoun	nor
Valencia CF	properNoun	swe	Valencia CF	properNoun	nor
Valenciabukten	properNoun	swe	Valenciabukta	properNoun	nor
Valenciabukten	properNoun	swe	Valenciabukten	properNoun	nor
Valendas	properNoun	swe	Valendas	properNoun	nor
Valens	properNoun	swe	Valens	properNoun	nor
Valentano	properNoun	swe	Valentano	properNoun	nor
Valga län	properNoun	swe	Valga maakond	properNoun	nor
Valga län	properNoun	swe	Valga	properNoun	nor
Valga	properNoun	swe	Valga	properNoun	nor
Valichanovtoppen	properNoun	swe	Valichanovtoppen	properNoun	nor
Valinski	properNoun	swe	Valinski	properNoun	nor
Valje	properNoun	swe	Valje	properNoun	nor
Valjevo	properNoun	swe	Valjevo	properNoun	nor
Valkeala	properNoun	swe	Valkeala	properNoun	nor
Valkenswaard	properNoun	swe	Valkenswaard	properNoun	nor
Valkyrkjedomen	properNoun	swe	Valkyrjedomen	properNoun	nor
Valla	properNoun	swe	Valla	properNoun	nor
Valladolid	properNoun	swe	Valladolid	properNoun	nor
Vallargärdet	properNoun	swe	Vallargärdet	properNoun	nor
Vallberga	properNoun	swe	Vallberga	properNoun	nor
Vallda	properNoun	swe	Vallda	properNoun	nor
Valle Maggia	properNoun	swe	Valle Maggia	properNoun	nor
Valle del Cauca	properNoun	swe	Valle del Cauca	properNoun	nor
Vallensbæks kommun	properNoun	swe	Vallensbæk kommune	properNoun	nor
Vallentuna kommun	properNoun	swe	Vallentuna kommune	properNoun	nor
Vallentuna	properNoun	swe	Vallentuna	properNoun	nor
Valles Marineris	properNoun	swe	Valles Marineris	properNoun	nor
Valletta	properNoun	swe	Valletta	properNoun	nor
Valley Stream	properNoun	swe	Valley Stream	properNoun	nor
Vallon	properNoun	swe	Vallon	properNoun	nor
Valls	properNoun	swe	Valls	properNoun	nor
Vallsta	properNoun	swe	Vallsta	properNoun	nor
Vallvik	properNoun	swe	Vallvik	properNoun	nor
Vallåkra	properNoun	swe	Vallåkra	properNoun	nor
Vallée de Joux	properNoun	swe	Vallée de Joux	properNoun	nor
Valmarana	properNoun	swe	Valmarana	properNoun	nor
Valparaíso	properNoun	swe	Valparaíso	properNoun	nor
Valréas	properNoun	swe	Valréas	properNoun	nor
Vals	properNoun	swe	Vals	properNoun	nor
Valskog	properNoun	swe	Valskog	properNoun	nor
Valtellina	properNoun	swe	Valtellina	properNoun	nor
Valve Corporation	properNoun	swe	Valve Corporation	properNoun	nor
Vama	properNoun	swe	Vama	properNoun	nor
Van Allen Range	properNoun	swe	Van Allen Range	properNoun	nor
Van Hulssen Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Van Hulssen Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Van Nuys	properNoun	swe	Van Nuys	properNoun	nor
Van Valkenburg	properNoun	swe	Van Valkenburg	properNoun	nor
Van Veen	properNoun	swe	Van Veen	properNoun	nor
Vanadzor	properNoun	swe	Vanadzor	properNoun	nor
Vanda å	properNoun	swe	Vanda-elva	properNoun	nor
Vanda å	properNoun	swe	Vanda å	properNoun	nor
Vanda	properNoun	swe	Vanda	properNoun	nor
Vanderford Valley	properNoun	swe	Vanderford Valley	properNoun	nor
Vandœuvres	properNoun	swe	Vandœuvres	properNoun	nor
Vangens kyrka	properNoun	swe	Vangen kirke	properNoun	nor
Vangens kyrka	properNoun	swe	Vangen kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Vangs stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Vang stavkirke	properNoun	nor
Vangs stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Vang stavkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Vanguard Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Vanguard Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Vanil Carré	properNoun	swe	Vanil Carré	properNoun	nor
Vanil Noir	properNoun	swe	Vanil Noir	properNoun	nor
Vankiva	properNoun	swe	Vankiva	properNoun	nor
Vannecrocq	properNoun	swe	Vannecrocq	properNoun	nor
Vannes	properNoun	swe	Vannes	properNoun	nor
Vannsätter	properNoun	swe	Vannsätter	properNoun	nor
Vansbro kommun	properNoun	swe	Vansbro kommune	properNoun	nor
Vansbro	properNoun	swe	Vansbro	properNoun	nor
Vansjön	properNoun	swe	Vansjøen	properNoun	nor
Vanssay Point	properNoun	swe	Vanssay Point	properNoun	nor
Vantage Hills	properNoun	swe	Vantage Hills	properNoun	nor
Vanuatu	properNoun	swe	Vanuatu	properNoun	nor
Vanån	properNoun	swe	Vanån	properNoun	nor
Vaplan	properNoun	swe	Vaplan	properNoun	nor
Vapour Col	properNoun	swe	Vapour Col	properNoun	nor
Vapstälven	properNoun	swe	Vefsna	properNoun	nor
Vara kommun	properNoun	swe	Vara kommun	properNoun	nor
Vara kommun	properNoun	swe	Vara	properNoun	nor
Varaldsøy	properNoun	swe	Varaldsøy	properNoun	nor
Varanasi	properNoun	swe	Varanasi	properNoun	nor
Varangerhalvön	properNoun	swe	Varangerhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Varbergs kommun	properNoun	swe	Varberg kommune	properNoun	nor
Varcoe Headland	properNoun	swe	Varcoe Headland	properNoun	nor
Vardar	properNoun	swe	Vardar	properNoun	nor
Varde	properNoun	swe	Varde	properNoun	nor
Varekil	properNoun	swe	Varekil	properNoun	nor
Varese	properNoun	swe	Varese	properNoun	nor
Vargas	properNoun	swe	Vargas	properNoun	nor
Vargön	properNoun	swe	Vargön	properNoun	nor
Varl	properNoun	swe	Varl	properNoun	nor
Varna Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Varna Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Varna	properNoun	swe	Varna	properNoun	nor
Varney Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Varney Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Varnhem	properNoun	swe	Varnhem	properNoun	nor
Varpan	properNoun	swe	Varpan	properNoun	nor
Varshets Saddle	properNoun	swe	Varshets Saddle	properNoun	nor
Vartofta	properNoun	swe	Vartofta	properNoun	nor
Vasaloppet	properNoun	swe	Vasaloppet	properNoun	nor
Vasamuseet	properNoun	swe	Vasamuseet	properNoun	nor
Vasilijkatedralen	properNoun	swe	Vasilijkatedralen	properNoun	nor
Vaslui	properNoun	swe	Vaslui	properNoun	nor
Vassar College	properNoun	swe	Vassar College	properNoun	nor
Vassar College	properNoun	swe	Vassar college	properNoun	nor
Vassmolösa	properNoun	swe	Vassmolösa	properNoun	nor
Vastenjaure	properNoun	swe	Vastenjaure	properNoun	nor
Vasto	properNoun	swe	Vasto	properNoun	nor
Vasylkiv	properNoun	swe	Vasylkiv	properNoun	nor
Vatersay	properNoun	swe	Vatersay	properNoun	nor
Vathy	properNoun	swe	Vathý	properNoun	nor
Vatnajökull	properNoun	swe	Vatnajökull	properNoun	nor
Vatnajökulls nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Vatnajökull nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Vatroslav Lisinskis konserthus	properNoun	swe	Koncertna dvorana Vatroslav Lisinski	properNoun	nor
Vattholma	properNoun	swe	Vattholma	properNoun	nor
Vattjom	properNoun	swe	Vattjom	properNoun	nor
Vattnäs	properNoun	swe	Vattnäs	properNoun	nor
Vattubrinken	properNoun	swe	Vattubrinken	properNoun	nor
Vauchamps	properNoun	swe	Vauchamps	properNoun	nor
Vaudeville Theatre	properNoun	swe	Vaudeville Theatre	properNoun	nor
Vauffelin	properNoun	swe	Vauffelin	properNoun	nor
Vaughan Promontory	properNoun	swe	Vaughan Promontory	properNoun	nor
Vaulruz	properNoun	swe	Vaulruz	properNoun	nor
Vaumarcus	properNoun	swe	Vaumarcus	properNoun	nor
Vaupés	properNoun	swe	Vaupés	properNoun	nor
Vauxhall	properNoun	swe	Vauxhall	properNoun	nor
Vavuniya	properNoun	swe	Vavuniya	properNoun	nor
Vaxholm	properNoun	swe	Vaxholm	properNoun	nor
Vaxholms kommun	properNoun	swe	Vaxholm kommune	properNoun	nor
Vazov Point	properNoun	swe	Vazov Point	properNoun	nor
Vazov Rock	properNoun	swe	Vazov Rock	properNoun	nor
Vear	properNoun	swe	Vear	properNoun	nor
Veberöd	properNoun	swe	Veberöd	properNoun	nor
Vechigen	properNoun	swe	Vechigen	properNoun	nor
Vedbæk	properNoun	swe	Vedbæk	properNoun	nor
Veddige	properNoun	swe	Veddige	properNoun	nor
Vedersø	properNoun	swe	Vedersø	properNoun	nor
Vedevåg	properNoun	swe	Vedevåg	properNoun	nor
Veen	properNoun	swe	Veen	properNoun	nor
Veenendaal	properNoun	swe	Veenendaal	properNoun	nor
Veerse Meer	properNoun	swe	Veerse Meer	properNoun	nor
Veerse	properNoun	swe	Veerse	properNoun	nor
Vegaöarna	properNoun	swe	Vegaøyan	properNoun	nor
Vegby	properNoun	swe	Vegby	properNoun	nor
Vege å	properNoun	swe	Vege å	properNoun	nor
Vehicle Assembly Building	properNoun	swe	Vehicle Assembly Building	properNoun	nor
Veierland	properNoun	swe	Veierland	properNoun	nor
Veinge	properNoun	swe	Veinge	properNoun	nor
Vejbystrand	properNoun	swe	Vejbystrand	properNoun	nor
Vejlby	properNoun	swe	Vejlby	properNoun	nor
Vejle amt	properNoun	swe	Vejle amt	properNoun	nor
Vejle	properNoun	swe	Vejle	properNoun	nor
Velanda	properNoun	swe	Velanda	properNoun	nor
Velden	properNoun	swe	Velden	properNoun	nor
Velebit	properNoun	swe	Velebit	properNoun	nor
Velen	properNoun	swe	Velen	properNoun	nor
Velencesjön	properNoun	swe	Velencesjøen	properNoun	nor
Velenje	properNoun	swe	Velenje	properNoun	nor
Veles	properNoun	swe	Veles	properNoun	nor
Velie Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Velie Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Velika Kladuša	properNoun	swe	Velika Kladuša	properNoun	nor
Velikije Luki	properNoun	swe	Velikije Luki	properNoun	nor
Vella	properNoun	swe	Vella	properNoun	nor
Vellberg	properNoun	swe	Vellberg	properNoun	nor
Vellerat	properNoun	swe	Vellerat	properNoun	nor
Velletri	properNoun	swe	Velletri	properNoun	nor
Vellinge kommun	properNoun	swe	Vellinge kommune	properNoun	nor
Vellinge	properNoun	swe	Vellinge	properNoun	nor
Velsen	properNoun	swe	Velsen	properNoun	nor
Velsk	properNoun	swe	Velsk	properNoun	nor
Veltheim	properNoun	swe	Veltheim	properNoun	nor
Vemdalen	properNoun	swe	Vemdalen	properNoun	nor
Vena	properNoun	swe	Vena	properNoun	nor
Vendeholten	properNoun	swe	Vendeholten	properNoun	nor
Vendehø	properNoun	swe	Vendehø	properNoun	nor
Vendelsöarna	properNoun	swe	Vendelsöarna	properNoun	nor
Vendsyssel	properNoun	swe	Vendsyssel	properNoun	nor
Vendée	properNoun	swe	Vendée	properNoun	nor
Vendôme	properNoun	swe	Vendôme	properNoun	nor
Venedig	properNoun	swe	Venezia	properNoun	nor
Venedigbukten	properNoun	swe	Veneziabukta	properNoun	nor
Venedigbukten	properNoun	swe	Veneziabukten	properNoun	nor
Veneto	properNoun	swe	Veneto	properNoun	nor
Venezuelabukten	properNoun	swe	Venezuelabukta	properNoun	nor
Venjan	properNoun	swe	Venjan	properNoun	nor
Venlo	properNoun	swe	Venlo	properNoun	nor
Venoge	properNoun	swe	Venoge	properNoun	nor
Venta Plateau	properNoun	swe	Venta Plateau	properNoun	nor
Venthône	properNoun	swe	Venthône	properNoun	nor
Ventimiglia	properNoun	swe	Ventimiglia	properNoun	nor
Ventotene	properNoun	swe	Ventotene	properNoun	nor
Ventspils	properNoun	swe	Ventspils	properNoun	nor
Venus från Willendorf	properNoun	swe	Venus fra Willendorf	properNoun	nor
Venus från Willendorf	properNoun	swe	Venus frå Willendorf	properNoun	nor
Verbania	properNoun	swe	Verbania	properNoun	nor
Verbano Cusio Ossola	properNoun	swe	Verbano Cusio Ossola	properNoun	nor
Vercelli	properNoun	swe	Vercelli	properNoun	nor
Verchnij Tagil	properNoun	swe	Verkhnij Tagil	properNoun	nor
Verchnjaja Pysjma	properNoun	swe	Verkhnjaja Pysjma	properNoun	nor
Verchnjaja Salda	properNoun	swe	Verkhnjaja Salda	properNoun	nor
Verchnjaja Tura	properNoun	swe	Verkhnjaja Tura	properNoun	nor
Verchojansk	properNoun	swe	Verkhojansk	properNoun	nor
Verchojanskbergen	properNoun	swe	Verkhojanskfjella	properNoun	nor
Verchojanskbergen	properNoun	swe	Verkhojanskfjellene	properNoun	nor
Verchoturje	properNoun	swe	Verkhoturje	properNoun	nor
Verchovna Rada	properNoun	swe	Verkhovna Rada	properNoun	nor
Verdabbio	properNoun	swe	Verdabbio	properNoun	nor
Verdalsøra	properNoun	swe	Verdalsøra	properNoun	nor
Verge	properNoun	swe	Verge	properNoun	nor
Vergeletto	properNoun	swe	Vergeletto	properNoun	nor
Vergina	properNoun	swe	Vergina	properNoun	nor
Vergina	properNoun	swe	Vergína	properNoun	nor
Verhage	properNoun	swe	Verhage	properNoun	nor
Veria	properNoun	swe	Véria	properNoun	nor
Veringenstadt	properNoun	swe	Veringenstadt	properNoun	nor
Verl	properNoun	swe	Verl	properNoun	nor
Verla träsliperi och pappfabrik	properNoun	swe	Verla tresliperi og pappfabrikk	properNoun	nor
Verlautz	properNoun	swe	Verlautz	properNoun	nor
Verleger Point	properNoun	swe	Verleger Point	properNoun	nor
Vernay	properNoun	swe	Vernay	properNoun	nor
Verne	properNoun	swe	Verne	properNoun	nor
Vernier Valley	properNoun	swe	Vernier Valley	properNoun	nor
Vernier	properNoun	swe	Vernier	properNoun	nor
Veroli	properNoun	swe	Veroli	properNoun	nor
Verona Rupes	properNoun	swe	Verona Rupes	properNoun	nor
Verona	properNoun	swe	Verona	properNoun	nor
Verr	properNoun	swe	Verr	properNoun	nor
Versam	properNoun	swe	Versam	properNoun	nor
Verscio	properNoun	swe	Verscio	properNoun	nor
Versen	properNoun	swe	Versen	properNoun	nor
Versmold	properNoun	swe	Versmold	properNoun	nor
Versoix	properNoun	swe	Versoix	properNoun	nor
Verstanclahorn	properNoun	swe	Verstanclahorn	properNoun	nor
Vervins	properNoun	swe	Vervins	properNoun	nor
Verwood	properNoun	swe	Verwood	properNoun	nor
Vesan	properNoun	swe	Vesan	properNoun	nor
Veselajatind	properNoun	swe	Veselajatind	properNoun	nor
Vesijärvi	properNoun	swe	Vesijärvi	properNoun	nor
Vesoul	properNoun	swe	Vesoul	properNoun	nor
Vessigebro	properNoun	swe	Vessigebro	properNoun	nor
Vesta Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Vesta Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Veste	properNoun	swe	Veste	properNoun	nor
Vester Voldgade	properNoun	swe	Vester Voldgade	properNoun	nor
Vesterbrogade	properNoun	swe	Vesterbrogade	properNoun	nor
Vestergade	properNoun	swe	Vestergade	properNoun	nor
Vestfjella	properNoun	swe	Vestfjella	properNoun	nor
Vestfold fylke	properNoun	swe	Vestfold fylke	properNoun	nor
Vesthimmerlands kommun	properNoun	swe	Vesthimmerland kommune	properNoun	nor
Vestre Gausdal	properNoun	swe	Vestre Gausdal	properNoun	nor
Vestre Jacobselv	properNoun	swe	Vestre Jakobselv	properNoun	nor
Vestre Slidre	properNoun	swe	Vestre Slidre	properNoun	nor
Vestre Toten	properNoun	swe	Vestre Toten	properNoun	nor
Vestsjællands amt	properNoun	swe	Vestsjællands amt	properNoun	nor
Vesuvius	properNoun	swe	Vesuv	properNoun	nor
Veszprém	properNoun	swe	Veszprém	properNoun	nor
Veterokhamaren	properNoun	swe	Veterokhamaren	properNoun	nor
Vetlanda kommun	properNoun	swe	Vetlanda kommune	properNoun	nor
Vetlanda	properNoun	swe	Vetlanda	properNoun	nor
Veto Gap	properNoun	swe	Veto Gap	properNoun	nor
Vetrov Hill	properNoun	swe	Vetrov Hill	properNoun	nor
Vettasjärvi	properNoun	swe	Vettasjärvi-sjøen	properNoun	nor
Vettasjärvi	properNoun	swe	Vettasjärvi	properNoun	nor
Vevey	properNoun	swe	Vevey	properNoun	nor
Veveyse	properNoun	swe	Veveyse	properNoun	nor
Veynberg	properNoun	swe	Veynberg	properNoun	nor
Veyrier	properNoun	swe	Veyrier	properNoun	nor
Veysonnaz	properNoun	swe	Veysonnaz	properNoun	nor
Vezia	properNoun	swe	Vezia	properNoun	nor
Veøya	properNoun	swe	Veøya	properNoun	nor
VfB Stuttgart	properNoun	swe	VfB Stuttgart	properNoun	nor
Vi	properNoun	swe	Vi	properNoun	nor
Via Dolorosa	properNoun	swe	Via Dolorosa	properNoun	nor
Via Veneto	properNoun	swe	Via Veneto	properNoun	nor
Viana do Castelo	properNoun	swe	Viana do Castelo	properNoun	nor
Vianden	properNoun	swe	Vianden	properNoun	nor
Viareggio	properNoun	swe	Viareggio	properNoun	nor
Vibble	properNoun	swe	Vibble	properNoun	nor
Vibo Valentia	properNoun	swe	Vibo Valentia	properNoun	nor
Viborg Katedralskole	properNoun	swe	Viborg Katedralskole	properNoun	nor
Viborg amt	properNoun	swe	Viborg amt	properNoun	nor
Viborg	properNoun	swe	Vyborg	properNoun	nor
Viborgs bibliotek	properNoun	swe	Viborg bibliotek	properNoun	nor
Viborgska viken	properNoun	swe	Viborgbukta	properNoun	nor
Viby	properNoun	swe	Viby	properNoun	nor
Vic	properNoun	swe	Vic	properNoun	nor
Vicenza	properNoun	swe	Vicenza	properNoun	nor
Vichada	properNoun	swe	Vichada-departementet	properNoun	nor
Vichada	properNoun	swe	Vichada	properNoun	nor
Vichtis	properNoun	swe	Vichtis	properNoun	nor
Vichyregimen	properNoun	swe	Vichy-regimet	properNoun	nor
Vickers Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Vickers Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Vickleby	properNoun	swe	Vickleby	properNoun	nor
Vico Morcote	properNoun	swe	Vico Morcote	properNoun	nor
Vicovaro	properNoun	swe	Vicovaro	properNoun	nor
Victor Harbor	properNoun	swe	Victor Harbor	properNoun	nor
Victoria Park	properNoun	swe	Victoria Park	properNoun	nor
Victoria Theatre	properNoun	swe	Victoria Theatre	properNoun	nor
Victoria Upper Lake	properNoun	swe	Victoria Upper Lake	properNoun	nor
Victoria Valley	properNoun	swe	Victoria Valley	properNoun	nor
Victoriafallen	properNoun	swe	Victoriafalla	properNoun	nor
Victoriafallen	properNoun	swe	Victoriafallene	properNoun	nor
Victorias land	properNoun	swe	Victoria Land	properNoun	nor
Victoriasjön	properNoun	swe	Victoriasjøen	properNoun	nor
Victory Mountains	properNoun	swe	Victory Mountains	properNoun	nor
Victory Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Victory Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Vid	properNoun	swe	Vid	properNoun	nor
Viddalskollen	properNoun	swe	Viddalskollen	properNoun	nor
Videbæk	properNoun	swe	Videbæk	properNoun	nor
Vidin	properNoun	swe	Vidin	properNoun	nor
Vidja	properNoun	swe	Vidja	properNoun	nor
Vidnoje	properNoun	swe	Vidnoje	properNoun	nor
Vidsel	properNoun	swe	Vidsel	properNoun	nor
Vidzeme	properNoun	swe	Vidzeme	properNoun	nor
Vidöåsen	properNoun	swe	Vidöåsen	properNoun	nor
Viechtach	properNoun	swe	Viechtach	properNoun	nor
Vienenburg	properNoun	swe	Vienenburg	properNoun	nor
Vienne	properNoun	swe	Vienne	properNoun	nor
Vierramvare	properNoun	swe	Vierramvarre	properNoun	nor
Vierwaldstättersjön	properNoun	swe	Vierwaldstättersee	properNoun	nor
Vierwaldstättersjön	properNoun	swe	Vierwaldstättersjøen	properNoun	nor
Vierzon	properNoun	swe	Vierzon	properNoun	nor
Viets	properNoun	swe	Viets	properNoun	nor
Vigdarvatnet	properNoun	swe	Vigdarvatnet	properNoun	nor
Vigelandsanlegget	properNoun	swe	Vigelandsparken	properNoun	nor
Vigelandsmuseet	properNoun	swe	Vigeland-museet	properNoun	nor
Vigevano	properNoun	swe	Vigevano	properNoun	nor
Vignemale	properNoun	swe	Vignemale	properNoun	nor
Vignogn	properNoun	swe	Vignogn	properNoun	nor
Vignola	properNoun	swe	Vignola	properNoun	nor
Vigny	properNoun	swe	Vigny	properNoun	nor
Viitasaari	properNoun	swe	Viitasaari	properNoun	nor
Vikarbyn	properNoun	swe	Vikarbyn	properNoun	nor
Viken	properNoun	swe	Vika	properNoun	nor
Vikersundbacken	properNoun	swe	Vikersundbakken	properNoun	nor
Viking Stadion	properNoun	swe	Viking Stadion	properNoun	nor
Viking Stadion	properNoun	swe	Viking stadion	properNoun	nor
Viking Valley	properNoun	swe	Viking Valley	properNoun	nor
Vikingstad	properNoun	swe	Vikingstad	properNoun	nor
Vikmanshyttan	properNoun	swe	Vikmanshyttan	properNoun	nor
Viksjöfors	properNoun	swe	Viksjöfors	properNoun	nor
Viksäter	properNoun	swe	Viksäter	properNoun	nor
Viktorijaön	properNoun	swe	Viktoriaøya i Russland	properNoun	nor
Vila Nova de Gaia	properNoun	swe	Vila Nova de Gaia	properNoun	nor
Vila Real de Santo António	properNoun	swe	Vila Real de Santo António	properNoun	nor
Vilhelmina kommun	properNoun	swe	Vilhelmina kommun	properNoun	nor
Viljandi län	properNoun	swe	Viljandi maakond	properNoun	nor
Viljandi län	properNoun	swe	Viljandi	properNoun	nor
Viljandi	properNoun	swe	Viljandi	properNoun	nor
Viljuj	properNoun	swe	Viljuj	properNoun	nor
Vilkitskijsundet	properNoun	swe	Vilkitskijsundet	properNoun	nor
Vilkitskijön	properNoun	swe	Vilkitskijøya	properNoun	nor
Villa Rotonda	properNoun	swe	La Rotunda	properNoun	nor
Villa Rotonda	properNoun	swe	Villa Rotunda	properNoun	nor
Villa Santa Maria	properNoun	swe	Villa Santa Maria	properNoun	nor
Villa Villekulla	properNoun	swe	Villa Villekulla	properNoun	nor
Villa Villekulla	properNoun	swe	Villa «Utsikten»	properNoun	nor
Villa de Cura	properNoun	swe	Villa de Cura	properNoun	nor
Villacidro	properNoun	swe	Villacidro	properNoun	nor
Villaescusa	properNoun	swe	Villaescusa	properNoun	nor
Villard Point	properNoun	swe	Villard Point	properNoun	nor
Villarepos	properNoun	swe	Villarepos	properNoun	nor
Villariaz	properNoun	swe	Villariaz	properNoun	nor
Villejuif	properNoun	swe	Villejuif	properNoun	nor
Villeneuve	properNoun	swe	Villeneuve	properNoun	nor
Villeret	properNoun	swe	Villeret	properNoun	nor
Villeurbanne	properNoun	swe	Villeurbanne	properNoun	nor
Villiers	properNoun	swe	Villiers	properNoun	nor
Villigen	properNoun	swe	Villigen	properNoun	nor
Villip	properNoun	swe	Villip	properNoun	nor
Villmanstrand	properNoun	swe	Villmanstrand	properNoun	nor
Villmergen	properNoun	swe	Villmergen	properNoun	nor
Villnachern	properNoun	swe	Villnachern	properNoun	nor
Villorsonnens	properNoun	swe	Villorsonnens	properNoun	nor
Villshärad	properNoun	swe	Villshärad	properNoun	nor
Vilnia	properNoun	swe	Vilnia	properNoun	nor
Vilsandi	properNoun	swe	Vilsandi	properNoun	nor
Vimmelskaftet	properNoun	swe	Vimmelskaftet	properNoun	nor
Vimmerby kommun	properNoun	swe	Vimmerby kommune	properNoun	nor
Vimmerby	properNoun	swe	Vimmerby	properNoun	nor
Vinadio	properNoun	swe	Vinadio	properNoun	nor
Vinary	properNoun	swe	Vinary	properNoun	nor
Vinberg	properNoun	swe	Vinberg	properNoun	nor
Vinbergs kyrkby	properNoun	swe	Vinbergs kyrkby	properNoun	nor
Vince Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Vince Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Vincennes Bay	properNoun	swe	Vincennes Bay	properNoun	nor
Vinces	properNoun	swe	Vinces	properNoun	nor
Vindeln	properNoun	swe	Vindeln	properNoun	nor
Vindelns kommun	properNoun	swe	Vindeln kommune	properNoun	nor
Vindelälven	properNoun	swe	Vindelälven	properNoun	nor
Vindhyabergen	properNoun	swe	Vindhyafjella	properNoun	nor
Vindhyabergen	properNoun	swe	Vindhyafjellene	properNoun	nor
Vinelz	properNoun	swe	Vinelz	properNoun	nor
Vinga	properNoun	swe	Vinga	properNoun	nor
Vingåker	properNoun	swe	Vingåker	properNoun	nor
Vingåkers kommun	properNoun	swe	Vingåker kommune	properNoun	nor
Vinn	properNoun	swe	Vinn	properNoun	nor
Vinninga	properNoun	swe	Vinninga	properNoun	nor
Vinningen	properNoun	swe	Vinningen	properNoun	nor
Vinnytsia oblast	properNoun	swe	Vinnytsia oblast	properNoun	nor
Vinnytsia	properNoun	swe	Vinnytsia	properNoun	nor
Vinnö	properNoun	swe	Vinnö	properNoun	nor
Vinslöv	properNoun	swe	Vinslöv	properNoun	nor
Vinson Massif	properNoun	swe	Vinson Massif	properNoun	nor
Vinstrup	properNoun	swe	Vinstrup	properNoun	nor
Vinterpalatset	properNoun	swe	Vinterpalasset	properNoun	nor
Vintgar	properNoun	swe	Vintgar	properNoun	nor
Vintrie	properNoun	swe	Vintrie	properNoun	nor
Vintrosa	properNoun	swe	Vintrosa	properNoun	nor
Vinäs	properNoun	swe	Vinäs	properNoun	nor
Vir	properNoun	swe	Vir	properNoun	nor
Virihaure	properNoun	swe	Virihaure	properNoun	nor
Virisen	properNoun	swe	Virisen	properNoun	nor
Virmajärvi	properNoun	swe	Virmajärvi	properNoun	nor
Virneburg	properNoun	swe	Virneburg	properNoun	nor
Virovitica	properNoun	swe	Virovitica	properNoun	nor
Virsbo	properNoun	swe	Virsbo	properNoun	nor
Virserum	properNoun	swe	Virserum	properNoun	nor
Virum	properNoun	swe	Virum	properNoun	nor
Virån	properNoun	swe	Virån	properNoun	nor
Vis	properNoun	swe	Vis	properNoun	nor
Visbeck	properNoun	swe	Visbeck	properNoun	nor
Visby	properNoun	swe	Visby	properNoun	nor
Viseu	properNoun	swe	Viseu	properNoun	nor
Visingsö	properNoun	swe	Visingsö	properNoun	nor
Viskafors	properNoun	swe	Viskafors	properNoun	nor
Viskan	properNoun	swe	Viskan	properNoun	nor
Viskyar Ridge	properNoun	swe	Viskyar Ridge	properNoun	nor
Vislanda	properNoun	swe	Vislanda	properNoun	nor
Visnaren	properNoun	swe	Visnaren	properNoun	nor
Vissefjärda	properNoun	swe	Vissefjärda	properNoun	nor
Visselhövede	properNoun	swe	Visselhövede	properNoun	nor
Vista	properNoun	swe	Vista	properNoun	nor
Vita havet	properNoun	swe	Kvitsjøen	properNoun	nor
Vita huset	properNoun	swe	Det hvite hus	properNoun	nor
Vita huset	properNoun	swe	Det kvite huset	properNoun	nor
Vitaby	properNoun	swe	Vitaby	properNoun	nor
Vitenskapsmuseet	properNoun	swe	Vitenskapsmuseet	properNoun	nor
Vitenskapsmuseet	properNoun	swe	Vitskapsmuseet	properNoun	nor
Viterbo	properNoun	swe	Viterbo	properNoun	nor
Vitlycke museum	properNoun	swe	Vitlycke museum	properNoun	nor
Vitolište	properNoun	swe	Vitolište	properNoun	nor
Vitoria	properNoun	swe	Vittoria	properNoun	nor
Vitosja	properNoun	swe	Vitosja	properNoun	nor
Vitryska SSR	properNoun	swe	Den hviterussiske sosialistiske sovjetrepublikk	properNoun	nor
Vitryska SSR	properNoun	swe	Den kviterussiske sosialistiske sovjetrepublikken	properNoun	nor
Vitré	properNoun	swe	Vitré	properNoun	nor
Vitsebsk	properNoun	swe	Vitebsk	properNoun	nor
Vittangi	properNoun	swe	Vittangi	properNoun	nor
Vittangijärvi	properNoun	swe	Vittangijärvi	properNoun	nor
Vittaryd	properNoun	swe	Vittaryd	properNoun	nor
Vittinge	properNoun	swe	Vittinge	properNoun	nor
Vittjärv	properNoun	swe	Vittjärv	properNoun	nor
Vittsjö	properNoun	swe	Vittsjö	properNoun	nor
Vittskövle	properNoun	swe	Vittskövle	properNoun	nor
Vitån	properNoun	swe	Vitån	properNoun	nor
Vitön	properNoun	swe	Kvitøya	properNoun	nor
Vivian Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Vivian Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Viðey	properNoun	swe	Viðey	properNoun	nor
Viðoy	properNoun	swe	Viðoy	properNoun	nor
Vjatka	properNoun	swe	Vjatka	properNoun	nor
Vjatskajatoppen	properNoun	swe	Vjatskajatoppen	properNoun	nor
Vjazma	properNoun	swe	Vjazma	properNoun	nor
Vjosa	properNoun	swe	Vjosë	properNoun	nor
Vlaardingen	properNoun	swe	Vlaardingen	properNoun	nor
Vladaya Saddle	properNoun	swe	Vladaya Saddle	properNoun	nor
Vladikavkaz	properNoun	swe	Vladikavkaz	properNoun	nor
Vladimir oblast	properNoun	swe	Vladimir oblast	properNoun	nor
Vlakhina	properNoun	swe	Vlakhina	properNoun	nor
Vlieland	properNoun	swe	Vlieland	properNoun	nor
Vlora	properNoun	swe	Vlora	properNoun	nor
Vlora	properNoun	swe	Vlorë	properNoun	nor
Vlotho	properNoun	swe	Vlotho	properNoun	nor
Voerde	properNoun	swe	Voerde	properNoun	nor
Vogelherd	properNoun	swe	Vogelherd	properNoun	nor
Vogelsberg	properNoun	swe	Vogelsberg	properNoun	nor
Vogeserna	properNoun	swe	Vogesane	properNoun	nor
Vogeserna	properNoun	swe	Vogesene	properNoun	nor
Voghera	properNoun	swe	Voghera	properNoun	nor
Vogler	properNoun	swe	Vogler	properNoun	nor
Vogtei	properNoun	swe	Vogtei	properNoun	nor
Vohwinkel	properNoun	swe	Vohwinkel	properNoun	nor
Voight Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Voight Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Vojmsjön	properNoun	swe	Vojmsjön	properNoun	nor
Vojvodina	properNoun	swe	Vojvodina	properNoun	nor
Vokil Point	properNoun	swe	Vokil Point	properNoun	nor
Volcanic Seven Summits	properNoun	swe	Volcanic Seven Summits	properNoun	nor
Volchov	properNoun	swe	Volkhov	properNoun	nor
Volendam	properNoun	swe	Volendam	properNoun	nor
Volga–Östersjökanalen	properNoun	swe	Volga-Østersjøkanalen	properNoun	nor
Volga–Östersjökanalen	properNoun	swe	Volga–Austersjøkanalen	properNoun	nor
Volgodonsk	properNoun	swe	Volgodonsk	properNoun	nor
Volgograd oblast	properNoun	swe	Volgograd oblast	properNoun	nor
Volgograd oblast	properNoun	swe	Volgograd	properNoun	nor
Volkach	properNoun	swe	Volkach	properNoun	nor
Volkenrath	properNoun	swe	Volkenrath	properNoun	nor
Volksdorf	properNoun	swe	Volksdorf	properNoun	nor
Volksgarten	properNoun	swe	Volksgarten	properNoun	nor
Vollerwiek	properNoun	swe	Vollerwiek	properNoun	nor
Vollsjö	properNoun	swe	Vollsjö	properNoun	nor
Vollstedt	properNoun	swe	Vollstedt	properNoun	nor
Vollèges	properNoun	swe	Vollèges	properNoun	nor
Volmarstein	properNoun	swe	Volmarstein	properNoun	nor
Volme	properNoun	swe	Volme	properNoun	nor
Vologda oblast	properNoun	swe	Vologda oblast	properNoun	nor
Vologda oblast	properNoun	swe	Vologda	properNoun	nor
Vologda	properNoun	swe	Vologda	properNoun	nor
Volokolamsk	properNoun	swe	Volokolamsk	properNoun	nor
Volos	properNoun	swe	Volos	properNoun	nor
Volos	properNoun	swe	Vólos	properNoun	nor
Volotjysk	properNoun	swe	Volotsjysk	properNoun	nor
Volsk	properNoun	swe	Volsk	properNoun	nor
Voltjansk	properNoun	swe	Voltsjansk	properNoun	nor
Volturno	properNoun	swe	Volturno	properNoun	nor
Volyn oblast	properNoun	swe	Volyn oblast	properNoun	nor
Volynien	properNoun	swe	Volhynia	properNoun	nor
Volzjskij	properNoun	swe	Volzjskij	properNoun	nor
Von Guerard Stream	properNoun	swe	Von Guerard Stream	properNoun	nor
Von Postbreen	properNoun	swe	Von Postbreen	properNoun	nor
Von der Wall Point	properNoun	swe	Von der Wall Point	properNoun	nor
Voorst	properNoun	swe	Voorst	properNoun	nor
Vorab	properNoun	swe	Vorab	properNoun	nor
Voralpsee	properNoun	swe	Voralpsee	properNoun	nor
Vordemwald	properNoun	swe	Vordemwald	properNoun	nor
Vordingborgs kommun	properNoun	swe	Vordingborg kommune	properNoun	nor
Vorkuta	properNoun	swe	Vorkuta	properNoun	nor
Vormsele	properNoun	swe	Vormsele	properNoun	nor
Voronezj oblast	properNoun	swe	Voronezj oblast	properNoun	nor
Voronezj oblast	properNoun	swe	Voronezj	properNoun	nor
Voronezj	properNoun	swe	Voronezj	properNoun	nor
Voronja	properNoun	swe	Voronja	properNoun	nor
Vorskla	properNoun	swe	Vorskla	properNoun	nor
Vorst	properNoun	swe	Vorst	properNoun	nor
Vortex Col	properNoun	swe	Vortex Col	properNoun	nor
Vorweg	properNoun	swe	Vorweg	properNoun	nor
Voskresensk	properNoun	swe	Voskresensk	properNoun	nor
Vossem	properNoun	swe	Vossem	properNoun	nor
Vossevangen	properNoun	swe	Vossavangen	properNoun	nor
Vossevangen	properNoun	swe	Vossevangen	properNoun	nor
Vostoksjön	properNoun	swe	Vostoksjøen	properNoun	nor
Votkinsk	properNoun	swe	Votkinsk	properNoun	nor
Vouga	properNoun	swe	Vouga	properNoun	nor
Vouliagmeni	properNoun	swe	Vouliagméni	properNoun	nor
Voulpaix	properNoun	swe	Voulpaix	properNoun	nor
Vouziers	properNoun	swe	Vouziers	properNoun	nor
Voxnan	properNoun	swe	Voxnan	properNoun	nor
Voyteh Point	properNoun	swe	Voyteh Point	properNoun	nor
Voßhagen	properNoun	swe	Voßhagen	properNoun	nor
Vrads	properNoun	swe	Vrads	properNoun	nor
Vrancea	properNoun	swe	Vrancea	properNoun	nor
Vranje	properNoun	swe	Vranje	properNoun	nor
Vrbas	properNoun	swe	Vrbas	properNoun	nor
Vredefortkratern	properNoun	swe	Vredefort-krateret	properNoun	nor
Vredefortkratern	properNoun	swe	Vredefortkrateret	properNoun	nor
Vreden	properNoun	swe	Vreden	properNoun	nor
Vrena	properNoun	swe	Vrena	properNoun	nor
Vretstorp	properNoun	swe	Vretstorp	properNoun	nor
Vrigstad	properNoun	swe	Vrigstad	properNoun	nor
Vrin	properNoun	swe	Vrin	properNoun	nor
Vrångö	properNoun	swe	Vrångö	properNoun	nor
Vsetín	properNoun	swe	Vsetín	properNoun	nor
Vsevolozjsk	properNoun	swe	Vsevolozjsk	properNoun	nor
Vuadens	properNoun	swe	Vuadens	properNoun	nor
Vuarrens	properNoun	swe	Vuarrens	properNoun	nor
Vucherens	properNoun	swe	Vucherens	properNoun	nor
Vučji Zub	properNoun	swe	Vučji zub	properNoun	nor
Vuissens	properNoun	swe	Vuissens	properNoun	nor
Vuku	properNoun	swe	Vuku	properNoun	nor
Vulcan Hills	properNoun	swe	Vulcan Hills	properNoun	nor
Vulcan Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Vulcan Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Vulcano	properNoun	swe	Vulcano	properNoun	nor
Vulliens	properNoun	swe	Vulliens	properNoun	nor
Vund Point	properNoun	swe	Vund Point	properNoun	nor
Vung Tau	properNoun	swe	Vung Tau	properNoun	nor
Vuoggatjålmejaure	properNoun	swe	Vuoggatjålmejaure	properNoun	nor
Vuoksen	properNoun	swe	Vuoksa	properNoun	nor
Vuoksen	properNoun	swe	Vuoksen	properNoun	nor
Vuollerim	properNoun	swe	Vuollerim	properNoun	nor
Vynnyky	properNoun	swe	Vynnyky	properNoun	nor
Vynohradiv	properNoun	swe	Vynohradiv	properNoun	nor
Vysjhorod	properNoun	swe	Vysjhorod	properNoun	nor
Vysjneve	properNoun	swe	Vysjneve	properNoun	nor
Vysjnij Volotjok	properNoun	swe	Vysjnij Volotsjok	properNoun	nor
Vytegra	properNoun	swe	Vytegra	properNoun	nor
Vytjegda	properNoun	swe	Vytsjegda	properNoun	nor
Vâlcea	properNoun	swe	Vâlcea	properNoun	nor
Väckelsång	properNoun	swe	Väckelsång	properNoun	nor
Väddö	properNoun	swe	Väddö	properNoun	nor
Väderstad	properNoun	swe	Väderstad	properNoun	nor
Väderöarna	properNoun	swe	Väderöarna	properNoun	nor
Väggarp	properNoun	swe	Väggarp	properNoun	nor
Väjern	properNoun	swe	Väjern	properNoun	nor
Vällingby	properNoun	swe	Vällingby	properNoun	nor
Väländan	properNoun	swe	Väländan	properNoun	nor
Vändåtberget	properNoun	swe	Vändåtberget	properNoun	nor
Vänern	properNoun	swe	Vänern	properNoun	nor
Vänersborg	properNoun	swe	Vänersborg	properNoun	nor
Vänersborgs kommun	properNoun	swe	Vänersborg kommune	properNoun	nor
Vänge	properNoun	swe	Vänge	properNoun	nor
Vänjaurbäck	properNoun	swe	Vänjaurbäck	properNoun	nor
Vännäs kommun	properNoun	swe	Vännäs kommune	properNoun	nor
Vännäs	properNoun	swe	Vännäs	properNoun	nor
Vännäsberget	properNoun	swe	Vännäsberget	properNoun	nor
Vännäsby	properNoun	swe	Vännäsby	properNoun	nor
Väring	properNoun	swe	Väring	properNoun	nor
Världshandelsorganisationen	properNoun	swe	Verdens handelsorganisasjon	properNoun	nor
Världshandelsorganisationen	properNoun	swe	Verdshandelsorganisasjonen	properNoun	nor
Världsmästerskapen i alpin skidsport	properNoun	swe	VM i alpine greiner	properNoun	nor
Världsmästerskapet i fotboll	properNoun	swe	VM i fotball	properNoun	nor
Världspostföreningen	properNoun	swe	Verdenspostforeningen	properNoun	nor
Världspostföreningen	properNoun	swe	Verdspostforeininga	properNoun	nor
Världsutställningen	properNoun	swe	Verdsutstillinga i Paris	properNoun	nor
Värmdö kommun	properNoun	swe	Värmdö kommune	properNoun	nor
Värmdö	properNoun	swe	Värmdö	properNoun	nor
Värmlands län	properNoun	swe	Värmlands län	properNoun	nor
Värmlandsbro	properNoun	swe	Värmlandsbro	properNoun	nor
Värmskog	properNoun	swe	Värmskog	properNoun	nor
Värnamo kommun	properNoun	swe	Värnamo kommune	properNoun	nor
Värnamo	properNoun	swe	Värnamo	properNoun	nor
Värsås	properNoun	swe	Värsås	properNoun	nor
Väröbacka	properNoun	swe	Väröbacka	properNoun	nor
Väse	properNoun	swe	Väse	properNoun	nor
Väskinde	properNoun	swe	Väskinde	properNoun	nor
Väsman	properNoun	swe	Väsman	properNoun	nor
Västafrika	properNoun	swe	Vest-Afrika	properNoun	nor
Västanvik	properNoun	swe	Västanvik	properNoun	nor
Västbengalen	properNoun	swe	Vest-Bengal	properNoun	nor
Västerberg	properNoun	swe	Västerberg	properNoun	nor
Västerbotten	properNoun	swe	Västerbotten	properNoun	nor
Västerbottens län	properNoun	swe	Västerbottens län	properNoun	nor
Västerby	properNoun	swe	Västerby	properNoun	nor
Västerdalälven	properNoun	swe	Västerdalälven	properNoun	nor
Västerfärnebo	properNoun	swe	Västerfärnebo	properNoun	nor
Västergötland	properNoun	swe	Västergötland	properNoun	nor
Västerhaninge	properNoun	swe	Västerhaninge	properNoun	nor
Västerhejde	properNoun	swe	Västerhejde	properNoun	nor
Västerhus	properNoun	swe	Västerhus	properNoun	nor
Västerkärr	properNoun	swe	Västerkärr	properNoun	nor
Västerljung	properNoun	swe	Västerljung	properNoun	nor
Västerlösa	properNoun	swe	Västerlösa	properNoun	nor
Västermyckeläng	properNoun	swe	Västermyckeläng	properNoun	nor
Västernorrlands län	properNoun	swe	Västernorrlands län	properNoun	nor
Västervik	properNoun	swe	Västervik	properNoun	nor
Västerviks kommun	properNoun	swe	Västervik kommune	properNoun	nor
Västerås kommun	properNoun	swe	Västerås kommune	properNoun	nor
Västfrisiska öarna	properNoun	swe	Dei vestfrisiske øyane	properNoun	nor
Västibyn	properNoun	swe	Västibyn	properNoun	nor
Västindien	properNoun	swe	Karibia	properNoun	nor
Västkazakstan	properNoun	swe	Vest-Kasakhstan	properNoun	nor
Västmanland	properNoun	swe	Västmanland	properNoun	nor
Västmanlands län	properNoun	swe	Västmanlands län	properNoun	nor
Västpommerns vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Vestpommerske voivodskap	properNoun	nor
Västra Bispgården	properNoun	swe	Västra Bispgården	properNoun	nor
Västra Bodarna	properNoun	swe	Västra Bodarna	properNoun	nor
Västra Bug	properNoun	swe	Vestre Bug	properNoun	nor
Västra Frölunda	properNoun	swe	Västra Frölunda	properNoun	nor
Västra Ghats	properNoun	swe	De vestlige Nilgiris-fjellene	properNoun	nor
Västra Ghats	properNoun	swe	Dei vestlege Ghatfjella	properNoun	nor
Västra Grekland	properNoun	swe	Vest-Hellas	properNoun	nor
Västra Götalands län	properNoun	swe	Västra Götalands län	properNoun	nor
Västra Hagen	properNoun	swe	Västra Hagen	properNoun	nor
Västra Husby	properNoun	swe	Västra Husby	properNoun	nor
Västra Ingelstad	properNoun	swe	Västra Ingelstad	properNoun	nor
Västra Karup	properNoun	swe	Västra Karup	properNoun	nor
Västra Kaukasus	properNoun	swe	Vest-Kaukasus	properNoun	nor
Västra Klagstorp	properNoun	swe	Västra Klagstorp	properNoun	nor
Västra Ormsjö	properNoun	swe	Västra Ormsjö	properNoun	nor
Västra Torup	properNoun	swe	Västra Torup	properNoun	nor
Västra Transdanubien	properNoun	swe	Vest-Transdanubia	properNoun	nor
Västra Ukraina	properNoun	swe	Vest-Ukraina	properNoun	nor
Västra halvklotet	properNoun	swe	Den vestlege halvkula	properNoun	nor
Västra halvklotet	properNoun	swe	Den vestlige halvkule	properNoun	nor
Västra muren	properNoun	swe	Vestmuren	properNoun	nor
Västra Ämtervik	properNoun	swe	Västra Ämtervik	properNoun	nor
Västra Örträsk	properNoun	swe	Västra Örträsk	properNoun	nor
Västsjön	properNoun	swe	Västsjön	properNoun	nor
Västtyskland	properNoun	swe	Vest-Tyskland	properNoun	nor
Vättern	properNoun	swe	Vättern	properNoun	nor
Växjö kommun	properNoun	swe	Växjö kommune	properNoun	nor
Växjö	properNoun	swe	Växjö	properNoun	nor
Växjösjön	properNoun	swe	Växjösjön	properNoun	nor
Vågåvatnet	properNoun	swe	Vågåvatnet	properNoun	nor
Våk	properNoun	swe	Våk	properNoun	nor
Vålberg	properNoun	swe	Vålberg	properNoun	nor
Våmhus	properNoun	swe	Våmhus	properNoun	nor
Vånga	properNoun	swe	Vånga	properNoun	nor
Vår Frelsers gravlund	properNoun	swe	Vår Frelsers gravlund	properNoun	nor
Vår Frue kirke	properNoun	swe	Vår Frue kirke	properNoun	nor
Vår Frue kirke	properNoun	swe	Vår Frue kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Vårbyfjärden	properNoun	swe	Vårbyfjärden	properNoun	nor
Vårdsätra	properNoun	swe	Vårdsätra	properNoun	nor
Vårgårda kommun	properNoun	swe	Vårgårda kommune	properNoun	nor
Vårgårda	properNoun	swe	Vårgårda	properNoun	nor
Vårsta	properNoun	swe	Vårsta	properNoun	nor
Våxtorp	properNoun	swe	Våxtorp	properNoun	nor
Vénissieux	properNoun	swe	Vénissieux	properNoun	nor
Vérossaz	properNoun	swe	Vérossaz	properNoun	nor
Vétroz	properNoun	swe	Vétroz	properNoun	nor
Vézelay	properNoun	swe	Vézelay	properNoun	nor
Vézère	properNoun	swe	Vézère	properNoun	nor
Võrtsjärv	properNoun	swe	Võrtsjärv	properNoun	nor
Võru län	properNoun	swe	Võru maakond	properNoun	nor
Võru län	properNoun	swe	Võru	properNoun	nor
Võru	properNoun	swe	Võru	properNoun	nor
Văleni	properNoun	swe	Văleni	properNoun	nor
Waar	properNoun	swe	Waar	properNoun	nor
Waarde	properNoun	swe	Waarde	properNoun	nor
Wache	properNoun	swe	Wache	properNoun	nor
Wachendorf	properNoun	swe	Wachendorf	properNoun	nor
Wachseldorn	properNoun	swe	Wachseldorn	properNoun	nor
Wachtberg	properNoun	swe	Wachtberg	properNoun	nor
Wachtendonk	properNoun	swe	Wachtendonk	properNoun	nor
Waddinxveen	properNoun	swe	Waddinxveen	properNoun	nor
Wadebridge	properNoun	swe	Wadebridge	properNoun	nor
Wadern	properNoun	swe	Wadern	properNoun	nor
Wadersloh	properNoun	swe	Wadersloh	properNoun	nor
Wadhurst	properNoun	swe	Wadhurst	properNoun	nor
Wadi Rum	properNoun	swe	Wadi Rum	properNoun	nor
Waesche	properNoun	swe	Waesche	properNoun	nor
Wagenfeld	properNoun	swe	Wagenfeld	properNoun	nor
Waghäusel	properNoun	swe	Waghäusel	properNoun	nor
Wagner Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Wagner Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Wahlbach	properNoun	swe	Wahlbach	properNoun	nor
Wahlen	properNoun	swe	Wahlen	properNoun	nor
Wahlert	properNoun	swe	Wahlert	properNoun	nor
Wahren	properNoun	swe	Wahren	properNoun	nor
Wahroonga	properNoun	swe	Wahroonga	properNoun	nor
Waiblingen	properNoun	swe	Waiblingen	properNoun	nor
Waikanae	properNoun	swe	Waikanae	properNoun	nor
Waikato	properNoun	swe	Waikato	properNoun	nor
Waimate	properNoun	swe	Waimate	properNoun	nor
Waiparahoaka Mountain	properNoun	swe	Waiparahoaka Mountain	properNoun	nor
Waipuke Beach	properNoun	swe	Waipuke Beach	properNoun	nor
Waithe	properNoun	swe	Waithe	properNoun	nor
Wakeford Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Wakeford Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Walbach	properNoun	swe	Walbach	properNoun	nor
Walchensee	properNoun	swe	Walchensee	properNoun	nor
Walcott North Stream	properNoun	swe	Walcott North Stream	properNoun	nor
Walcott South Stream	properNoun	swe	Walcott South Stream	properNoun	nor
Wald	properNoun	swe	Wald	properNoun	nor
Waldbach	properNoun	swe	Waldbach	properNoun	nor
Waldbauer	properNoun	swe	Waldbauer	properNoun	nor
Waldbronn	properNoun	swe	Waldbronn	properNoun	nor
Waldbröl	properNoun	swe	Waldbröl	properNoun	nor
Waldburg	properNoun	swe	Waldburg	properNoun	nor
Waldenburg	properNoun	swe	Waldenburg	properNoun	nor
Waldenøya	properNoun	swe	Waldenøya	properNoun	nor
Waldfrieden	properNoun	swe	Waldfrieden	properNoun	nor
Waldhaus	properNoun	swe	Waldhaus	properNoun	nor
Waldhausen	properNoun	swe	Waldhausen	properNoun	nor
Waldniel	properNoun	swe	Waldniel	properNoun	nor
Waldorf	properNoun	swe	Waldorf	properNoun	nor
Waldstatt	properNoun	swe	Waldstatt	properNoun	nor
Waldstetten	properNoun	swe	Waldstetten	properNoun	nor
Wales Stream	properNoun	swe	Wales Stream	properNoun	nor
Walgreen Coast	properNoun	swe	Walgreen Coast	properNoun	nor
Walheim	properNoun	swe	Walheim	properNoun	nor
Walkabout Rocks	properNoun	swe	Walkabout Rocks	properNoun	nor
Walkden	properNoun	swe	Walkden	properNoun	nor
Walker Mountains	properNoun	swe	Walker Mountains	properNoun	nor
Walker Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Walker Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Walkerton	properNoun	swe	Walkerton	properNoun	nor
Walkringen	properNoun	swe	Walkringen	properNoun	nor
Wall Range	properNoun	swe	Wall Range	properNoun	nor
Wall Valley	properNoun	swe	Wall Valley	properNoun	nor
Wallabies Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Wallabies Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Wallbach	properNoun	swe	Wallbach	properNoun	nor
Walldürn	properNoun	swe	Walldürn	properNoun	nor
Wallenried	properNoun	swe	Wallenried	properNoun	nor
Wallenstein	properNoun	swe	Wallenstein	properNoun	nor
Wallerfangen	properNoun	swe	Wallerfangen	properNoun	nor
Wallhausen	properNoun	swe	Wallhausen	properNoun	nor
Wallingford	properNoun	swe	Wallingford	properNoun	nor
Wallis Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Wallis Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Walliswil bei Niederbipp	properNoun	swe	Walliswil bei Niederbipp	properNoun	nor
Walliswil bei Wangen	properNoun	swe	Walliswil bei Wangen	properNoun	nor
Wallmoden	properNoun	swe	Wallmoden	properNoun	nor
Walnut Creek	properNoun	swe	Walnut Creek	properNoun	nor
Walperswil	properNoun	swe	Walperswil	properNoun	nor
Walsh Knob	properNoun	swe	Walsh Knob	properNoun	nor
Walsh Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Walsh Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Walsham	properNoun	swe	Walsham	properNoun	nor
Walsrode	properNoun	swe	Walsrode	properNoun	nor
Waltenschwil	properNoun	swe	Waltenschwil	properNoun	nor
Walter Kerr Theatre	properNoun	swe	Walter Kerr Theatre	properNoun	nor
Walterswil	properNoun	swe	Walterswil	properNoun	nor
Waltham Abbey	properNoun	swe	Waltham Abbey	properNoun	nor
Walthamstow	properNoun	swe	Walthamstow	properNoun	nor
Walton Mountains	properNoun	swe	Walton Mountains	properNoun	nor
Waltrop	properNoun	swe	Waltrop	properNoun	nor
Walzenhausen	properNoun	swe	Walzenhausen	properNoun	nor
Wandfluehorn	properNoun	swe	Wandfluehorn	properNoun	nor
Wandlitz	properNoun	swe	Wandlitz	properNoun	nor
Wandsworth	properNoun	swe	Wandsworth	properNoun	nor
Wangels	properNoun	swe	Wangels	properNoun	nor
Wangen an der Aare	properNoun	swe	Wangen an der Aare	properNoun	nor
Wangen bei Olten	properNoun	swe	Wangen bei Olten	properNoun	nor
Wangen im Allgäu	properNoun	swe	Wangen im Allgäu	properNoun	nor
Wangenried	properNoun	swe	Wangenried	properNoun	nor
Wangerland	properNoun	swe	Wangerland	properNoun	nor
Wangerooge	properNoun	swe	Wangerooge	properNoun	nor
Wank	properNoun	swe	Wank	properNoun	nor
Wankum	properNoun	swe	Wankum	properNoun	nor
Wanlo	properNoun	swe	Wanlo	properNoun	nor
Wanna	properNoun	swe	Wanna	properNoun	nor
Wanne	properNoun	swe	Wanne	properNoun	nor
Wannen	properNoun	swe	Wannen	properNoun	nor
Wannseekonferensen	properNoun	swe	Wannsee-konferansen	properNoun	nor
Wannseekonferensen	properNoun	swe	Wannseekonferansen	properNoun	nor
Wanous	properNoun	swe	Wanous	properNoun	nor
Wantage	properNoun	swe	Wantage	properNoun	nor
Warburg	properNoun	swe	Warburg	properNoun	nor
Warburton Ledge	properNoun	swe	Warburton Ledge	properNoun	nor
Ward Hill	properNoun	swe	Ward Hill	properNoun	nor
Ward Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Ward Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Ward Tower	properNoun	swe	Ward Tower	properNoun	nor
Warden Pass	properNoun	swe	Warden Pass	properNoun	nor
Wardenburg	properNoun	swe	Wardenburg	properNoun	nor
Warder	properNoun	swe	Warder	properNoun	nor
Wardt	properNoun	swe	Wardt	properNoun	nor
Ware	properNoun	swe	Ware	properNoun	nor
Wareham	properNoun	swe	Wareham	properNoun	nor
Warenberg	properNoun	swe	Warenberg	properNoun	nor
Warendorf	properNoun	swe	Warendorf	properNoun	nor
Warners	properNoun	swe	Warners	properNoun	nor
Warnow	properNoun	swe	Warnow	properNoun	nor
Warpe	properNoun	swe	Warpe	properNoun	nor
Warren Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Warren Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Warren Range	properNoun	swe	Warren Range	properNoun	nor
Warrington	properNoun	swe	Warrington	properNoun	nor
Warstein	properNoun	swe	Warstein	properNoun	nor
Warta	properNoun	swe	Warta	properNoun	nor
Wartau	properNoun	swe	Wartau	properNoun	nor
Warth	properNoun	swe	Warth	properNoun	nor
Warwickshire	properNoun	swe	Warwickshire	properNoun	nor
Washington	properNoun	swe	Washington D.C.	properNoun	nor
Washingtonmonumentet	properNoun	swe	Washington Monument	properNoun	nor
Washingtonmonumentet	properNoun	swe	Washingtonmonumentet	properNoun	nor
Wasko	properNoun	swe	Wasko	properNoun	nor
Wasp Hill	properNoun	swe	Wasp Hill	properNoun	nor
Wasquehal	properNoun	swe	Wasquehal	properNoun	nor
Wassenberg	properNoun	swe	Wassenberg	properNoun	nor
Wasseramt	properNoun	swe	Wasseramt	properNoun	nor
Wasserburg	properNoun	swe	Wasserburg	properNoun	nor
Wasserfall	properNoun	swe	Wasserfall	properNoun	nor
Wasserkuppe	properNoun	swe	Wasserkuppe	properNoun	nor
Wasserstraße	properNoun	swe	Wasserstraße	properNoun	nor
Wasson Rock	properNoun	swe	Wasson Rock	properNoun	nor
Watchet	properNoun	swe	Watchet	properNoun	nor
Watchtower Hill	properNoun	swe	Watchtower Hill	properNoun	nor
Waterboat	properNoun	swe	Waterboat	properNoun	nor
Waterpipe Beach	properNoun	swe	Waterpipe Beach	properNoun	nor
Watership Down	properNoun	swe	Watership Down	properNoun	nor
Watlack Hills	properNoun	swe	Watlack Hills	properNoun	nor
Watson Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Watson Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Wattenscheid	properNoun	swe	Wattenscheid	properNoun	nor
Wattenwil	properNoun	swe	Wattenwil	properNoun	nor
Watters	properNoun	swe	Watters	properNoun	nor
Wattignies	properNoun	swe	Wattignies	properNoun	nor
Watton	properNoun	swe	Watton	properNoun	nor
Watts Needle	properNoun	swe	Watts Needle	properNoun	nor
Watts Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Watts Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Watzespitze	properNoun	swe	Watzespitze	properNoun	nor
Watzmann	properNoun	swe	Watzmann	properNoun	nor
Waupun	properNoun	swe	Waupun	properNoun	nor
Wauters Point	properNoun	swe	Wauters Point	properNoun	nor
Wavertree	properNoun	swe	Wavertree	properNoun	nor
Wavre	properNoun	swe	Wavre	properNoun	nor
Waxahachie	properNoun	swe	Waxahachie	properNoun	nor
Way Archipelago	properNoun	swe	Way Archipelago	properNoun	nor
Wałbrzych	properNoun	swe	Wałbrzych	properNoun	nor
Weasel Gap	properNoun	swe	Weasel Gap	properNoun	nor
Weather Guesser Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Weather Guesser Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Weaver Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Weaver Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Webb Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Webb Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Webb Subglacial Trench	properNoun	swe	Webb Subglacial Trench	properNoun	nor
Webber Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Webber Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Weberstedt	properNoun	swe	Weberstedt	properNoun	nor
Webster Pass	properNoun	swe	Webster Pass	properNoun	nor
Wedau	properNoun	swe	Wedau	properNoun	nor
Weddell Arm	properNoun	swe	Weddell Arm	properNoun	nor
Weddellhavet	properNoun	swe	Weddellhavet	properNoun	nor
Wedemark	properNoun	swe	Wedemark	properNoun	nor
Wedemeyer Rocks	properNoun	swe	Wedemeyer Rocks	properNoun	nor
Wedgefield	properNoun	swe	Wedgefield	properNoun	nor
Weeder Rock	properNoun	swe	Weeder Rock	properNoun	nor
Weeks Stack	properNoun	swe	Weeks Stack	properNoun	nor
Weems	properNoun	swe	Weems	properNoun	nor
Weener	properNoun	swe	Weener	properNoun	nor
Weer	properNoun	swe	Weer	properNoun	nor
Weert	properNoun	swe	Weert	properNoun	nor
Weeze	properNoun	swe	Weeze	properNoun	nor
Weferlingen	properNoun	swe	Weferlingen	properNoun	nor
Wegberg	properNoun	swe	Wegberg	properNoun	nor
Wegener Canyon	properNoun	swe	Wegener Canyon	properNoun	nor
Wegener Range	properNoun	swe	Wegener Range	properNoun	nor
Wegenstetten	properNoun	swe	Wegenstetten	properNoun	nor
Wehe	properNoun	swe	Wehe	properNoun	nor
Wehn	properNoun	swe	Wehn	properNoun	nor
Wehren	properNoun	swe	Wehren	properNoun	nor
Weickede	properNoun	swe	Weickede	properNoun	nor
Weida	properNoun	swe	Weida	properNoun	nor
Weiden	properNoun	swe	Weiden	properNoun	nor
Weier	properNoun	swe	Weier	properNoun	nor
Weifang	properNoun	swe	Weifang	properNoun	nor
Weihai	properNoun	swe	Weihai	properNoun	nor
Weihaupt	properNoun	swe	Weihaupt	properNoun	nor
Weikman Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Weikman Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Weil der Stadt	properNoun	swe	Weil der Stadt	properNoun	nor
Weil im Schönbuch	properNoun	swe	Weil im Schönbuch	properNoun	nor
Weil	properNoun	swe	Weil	properNoun	nor
Weilerbach	properNoun	swe	Weilerbach	properNoun	nor
Weimar	properNoun	swe	Weimar	properNoun	nor
Weimarrepubliken	properNoun	swe	Weimarrepublikken	properNoun	nor
Weinan	properNoun	swe	Weinan	properNoun	nor
Weinbach	properNoun	swe	Weinbach	properNoun	nor
Weingarten	properNoun	swe	Weingarten	properNoun	nor
Weinstadt	properNoun	swe	Weinstadt	properNoun	nor
Weissach im Tal	properNoun	swe	Weissach im Tal	properNoun	nor
Weisse Elster	properNoun	swe	Weiße Elster	properNoun	nor
Weissenburg in Bayern	properNoun	swe	Weißenburg in Bayern	properNoun	nor
Weissfluh	properNoun	swe	Weissfluh	properNoun	nor
Weissfluhjoch	properNoun	swe	Weissfluhjoch	properNoun	nor
Weisshorn	properNoun	swe	Weisshorn	properNoun	nor
Weissmies	properNoun	swe	Weissmies	properNoun	nor
Weitmar	properNoun	swe	Weitmar	properNoun	nor
Weißach	properNoun	swe	Weißach	properNoun	nor
Weißbach	properNoun	swe	Weißbach	properNoun	nor
Weißenhaus	properNoun	swe	Weißenhaus	properNoun	nor
Weißkugel	properNoun	swe	Weißkugel	properNoun	nor
Welbergen	properNoun	swe	Welbergen	properNoun	nor
Welch Rocks	properNoun	swe	Welch Rocks	properNoun	nor
Welchness	properNoun	swe	Welchness	properNoun	nor
Welcome Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Welcome Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Wellenkuppe	properNoun	swe	Wellenkuppe	properNoun	nor
Wellhorn	properNoun	swe	Wellhorn	properNoun	nor
Wellie	properNoun	swe	Wellie	properNoun	nor
Wellingborough	properNoun	swe	Wellingborough	properNoun	nor
Wellington	properNoun	swe	Wellington	properNoun	nor
Wellman Valley	properNoun	swe	Wellman Valley	properNoun	nor
Wells Saddle	properNoun	swe	Wells Saddle	properNoun	nor
Welschenrohr	properNoun	swe	Welschenrohr	properNoun	nor
Welt	properNoun	swe	Welt	properNoun	nor
Welwyn Garden City	properNoun	swe	Welvyn Garden City	properNoun	nor
Welwyn Garden City	properNoun	swe	Welwyn Garden City	properNoun	nor
Welzen	properNoun	swe	Welzen	properNoun	nor
Welzheim	properNoun	swe	Welzheim	properNoun	nor
Wembley Arena	properNoun	swe	Wembley Arena	properNoun	nor
Wembley Stadium	properNoun	swe	Wembley Stadium	properNoun	nor
Wenchi	properNoun	swe	Wenchi	properNoun	nor
Wenden	properNoun	swe	Wenden	properNoun	nor
Wendenhorn	properNoun	swe	Wendenhorn	properNoun	nor
Wendenstöcke	properNoun	swe	Wendenstöcke	properNoun	nor
Wendlingen am Neckar	properNoun	swe	Wendlingen am Neckar	properNoun	nor
Wendlinghausen	properNoun	swe	Wendlinghausen	properNoun	nor
Wengen	properNoun	swe	Wengen	properNoun	nor
Wenghorn	properNoun	swe	Wenghorn	properNoun	nor
Wengi	properNoun	swe	Wengi	properNoun	nor
Wennemen	properNoun	swe	Wennemen	properNoun	nor
Wenshan	properNoun	swe	Wenshan	properNoun	nor
Wenslingen	properNoun	swe	Wenslingen	properNoun	nor
Wenzhou	properNoun	swe	Wenzhou	properNoun	nor
Wenzlow	properNoun	swe	Wenzlow	properNoun	nor
Werben	properNoun	swe	Werben	properNoun	nor
Werdohl	properNoun	swe	Werdohl	properNoun	nor
Werfen	properNoun	swe	Werfen	properNoun	nor
Werl	properNoun	swe	Werl	properNoun	nor
Wermelskirchen	properNoun	swe	Wermelskirchen	properNoun	nor
Wermsdorf	properNoun	swe	Wermsdorf	properNoun	nor
Werne	properNoun	swe	Werne	properNoun	nor
Werner Mountains	properNoun	swe	Werner Mountains	properNoun	nor
Wernigerode	properNoun	swe	Wernigerode	properNoun	nor
Werra	properNoun	swe	Werra	properNoun	nor
Wersen	properNoun	swe	Wersen	properNoun	nor
Werther	properNoun	swe	Werther	properNoun	nor
Wesel	properNoun	swe	Wesel	properNoun	nor
Weserstadion	properNoun	swe	Weserstadion	properNoun	nor
Weserstadion	properNoun	swe	Westerstadion	properNoun	nor
Wesseling	properNoun	swe	Wesseling	properNoun	nor
Wessels plass	properNoun	swe	Wessels plass	properNoun	nor
Wessex	properNoun	swe	Wessex	properNoun	nor
West Beacon	properNoun	swe	West Beacon	properNoun	nor
West Bridgford	properNoun	swe	West Bridgford	properNoun	nor
West Bromwich	properNoun	swe	West Bromwich	properNoun	nor
West Burra	properNoun	swe	Burra	properNoun	nor
West Burra	properNoun	swe	West Burra	properNoun	nor
West Coast	properNoun	swe	West Coast	properNoun	nor
West Dunbartonshire	properNoun	swe	West Dunbartonshire	properNoun	nor
West Ham	properNoun	swe	West Ham	properNoun	nor
West Hartford	properNoun	swe	West Hartford	properNoun	nor
West Hills	properNoun	swe	West Hills	properNoun	nor
West Lothian	properNoun	swe	West Lothian	properNoun	nor
West Middlesex	properNoun	swe	West Middlesex	properNoun	nor
West Midlands	properNoun	swe	Vest-Midlands	properNoun	nor
West Midlands	properNoun	swe	West Midlands	properNoun	nor
West Orange	properNoun	swe	West Orange	properNoun	nor
West Quartzite Range	properNoun	swe	West Quartzite Range	properNoun	nor
West River	properNoun	swe	West River	properNoun	nor
West Stack	properNoun	swe	West Stack	properNoun	nor
West Sussex	properNoun	swe	West Sussex	properNoun	nor
West Virginia	properNoun	swe	Vest-Virginia	properNoun	nor
West Yorkshire	properNoun	swe	West Yorkshire	properNoun	nor
Westborough	properNoun	swe	Westborough	properNoun	nor
Westchester County	properNoun	swe	Westchester County	properNoun	nor
Weste	properNoun	swe	Weste	properNoun	nor
Westensee	properNoun	swe	Westensee	properNoun	nor
Westereiden	properNoun	swe	Westereiden	properNoun	nor
Westerham	properNoun	swe	Westerham	properNoun	nor
Westerhausen	properNoun	swe	Westerhausen	properNoun	nor
Westerhever	properNoun	swe	Westerhever	properNoun	nor
Westerholt	properNoun	swe	Westerholt	properNoun	nor
Westerkappeln	properNoun	swe	Westerkappeln	properNoun	nor
Westerland	properNoun	swe	Westerland	properNoun	nor
Westermoen Hydrofoil	properNoun	swe	Westermoen Hydrofoil	properNoun	nor
Westerplatte	properNoun	swe	Westerplatte	properNoun	nor
Westerschelde	properNoun	swe	Westerschelde	properNoun	nor
Westerstede	properNoun	swe	Westerstede	properNoun	nor
Westfalenhalle	properNoun	swe	Westfalenhalle	properNoun	nor
Westhausen	properNoun	swe	Westhausen	properNoun	nor
Westhaven Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Westhaven Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Westhofen	properNoun	swe	Westhofen	properNoun	nor
Westhoughton	properNoun	swe	Westhoughton	properNoun	nor
Westland	properNoun	swe	Westland	properNoun	nor
Westmeath	properNoun	swe	Westmeath	properNoun	nor
Westminster Abbey	properNoun	swe	Westminster Abbey	properNoun	nor
Westminsterpalatset	properNoun	swe	Palace of Westminster	properNoun	nor
Westoverledingen	properNoun	swe	Westoverledingen	properNoun	nor
Westray	properNoun	swe	Westray	properNoun	nor
Westre	properNoun	swe	Westre	properNoun	nor
Westrich	properNoun	swe	Westrich	properNoun	nor
Westrup	properNoun	swe	Westrup	properNoun	nor
Wetherby	properNoun	swe	Wetherby	properNoun	nor
Wetten	properNoun	swe	Wetten	properNoun	nor
Wetterhorn	properNoun	swe	Wetterhorn	properNoun	nor
Wettingen	properNoun	swe	Wettingen	properNoun	nor
Wettringen	properNoun	swe	Wettringen	properNoun	nor
Wetzsteinhorn	properNoun	swe	Wetzsteinhorn	properNoun	nor
Wevelinghoven	properNoun	swe	Wevelinghoven	properNoun	nor
Wever	properNoun	swe	Wever	properNoun	nor
Wewelsburg	properNoun	swe	Wewelsburg	properNoun	nor
Wexford	properNoun	swe	Wexford	properNoun	nor
Weyant	properNoun	swe	Weyant	properNoun	nor
Weyer	properNoun	swe	Weyer	properNoun	nor
Weyhausen	properNoun	swe	Weyhausen	properNoun	nor
Weymouth	properNoun	swe	Weymouth	properNoun	nor
Weyprechtberge	properNoun	swe	Weyprechtfjella	properNoun	nor
Whakawhiti Saddle	properNoun	swe	Whakawhiti Saddle	properNoun	nor
Whaley Bridge	properNoun	swe	Whaley Bridge	properNoun	nor
Whalley Range	properNoun	swe	Whalley Range	properNoun	nor
Whalsay	properNoun	swe	Whalsay	properNoun	nor
Whangarei	properNoun	swe	Whangarei	properNoun	nor
Wharfe	properNoun	swe	Wharfe	properNoun	nor
Wheaton	properNoun	swe	Wheaton	properNoun	nor
Wheeler Valley	properNoun	swe	Wheeler Valley	properNoun	nor
Whelan Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Whelan Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Whetter Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Whetter Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Whewell	properNoun	swe	Whewell	properNoun	nor
Whisnant Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Whisnant Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Whistle Pass	properNoun	swe	Whistle Pass	properNoun	nor
Whistler Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Whistler Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Whitby	properNoun	swe	Whitby	properNoun	nor
White Hart Lane	properNoun	swe	White Hart Lane	properNoun	nor
White Massif	properNoun	swe	White Massif	properNoun	nor
White Nunataks	properNoun	swe	White Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Whitehall	properNoun	swe	Whitehall	properNoun	nor
Whitehaven	properNoun	swe	Whitehaven	properNoun	nor
Whithorn	properNoun	swe	Whithorn	properNoun	nor
Whiting Rocks	properNoun	swe	Whiting Rocks	properNoun	nor
Whitmer Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Whitmer Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Whitmill Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Whitmill Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Whitmore Mountains	properNoun	swe	Whitmore Mountains	properNoun	nor
Whittle Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Whittle Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Whitworth Ridge	properNoun	swe	Whitworth Ridge	properNoun	nor
Wichlinghausen	properNoun	swe	Wichlinghausen	properNoun	nor
Wichtrach	properNoun	swe	Wichtrach	properNoun	nor
Wickede	properNoun	swe	Wickede	properNoun	nor
Wickford	properNoun	swe	Wickford	properNoun	nor
Wicklowbergen	properNoun	swe	Wicklowfjella	properNoun	nor
Wicklowbergen	properNoun	swe	Wicklowfjellene	properNoun	nor
Wickrath	properNoun	swe	Wickrath	properNoun	nor
Widderfeld	properNoun	swe	Widderfeld	properNoun	nor
Widdern	properNoun	swe	Widdern	properNoun	nor
Widdows	properNoun	swe	Widdows	properNoun	nor
Widen	properNoun	swe	Widen	properNoun	nor
Widerøefjellet	properNoun	swe	Widerøefjellet	properNoun	nor
Widich Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Widich Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Widnau	properNoun	swe	Widnau	properNoun	nor
Widowmaker Pass	properNoun	swe	Widowmaker Pass	properNoun	nor
Wiebach	properNoun	swe	Wiebach	properNoun	nor
Wieden	properNoun	swe	Wieden	properNoun	nor
Wiedenbrück	properNoun	swe	Wiedenbrück	properNoun	nor
Wiedlisbach	properNoun	swe	Wiedlisbach	properNoun	nor
Wiefelstede	properNoun	swe	Wiefelstede	properNoun	nor
Wiegen	properNoun	swe	Wiegen	properNoun	nor
Wiehagen	properNoun	swe	Wiehagen	properNoun	nor
Wiehl	properNoun	swe	Wiehl	properNoun	nor
Wieluń	properNoun	swe	Wieluń	properNoun	nor
Wiener Sezession	properNoun	swe	Wiener Sezession	properNoun	nor
Wienerbäckenet	properNoun	swe	Wienbekkenet	properNoun	nor
Wienerbäckenet	properNoun	swe	Wienerbekkenet	properNoun	nor
Wienhausen	properNoun	swe	Wienhausen	properNoun	nor
Wienkongressen	properNoun	swe	Wienerkongressen	properNoun	nor
Wieprza	properNoun	swe	Wieprza	properNoun	nor
Wies	properNoun	swe	Wies	properNoun	nor
Wiesbach	properNoun	swe	Wiesbach	properNoun	nor
Wiesdorf	properNoun	swe	Wiesdorf	properNoun	nor
Wiese	properNoun	swe	Wiese	properNoun	nor
Wiesen	properNoun	swe	Wiesen	properNoun	nor
Wiesenau	properNoun	swe	Wiesenau	properNoun	nor
Wiesenbach	properNoun	swe	Wiesenbach	properNoun	nor
Wiesens	properNoun	swe	Wiesens	properNoun	nor
Wiesensteig	properNoun	swe	Wiesensteig	properNoun	nor
Wiesloch	properNoun	swe	Wiesloch	properNoun	nor
Wiesmoor	properNoun	swe	Wiesmoor	properNoun	nor
Wietersheim	properNoun	swe	Wietersheim	properNoun	nor
Wiewiórka	properNoun	swe	Wiewiórka	properNoun	nor
Wiggans Hills	properNoun	swe	Wiggans Hills	properNoun	nor
Wiggensbach	properNoun	swe	Wiggensbach	properNoun	nor
Wiggiswil	properNoun	swe	Wiggiswil	properNoun	nor
Wignall Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Wignall Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Wikimania 2014	properNoun	swe	Wikimania 2014	properNoun	nor
Wikimania 2016	properNoun	swe	Wikimania 2016	properNoun	nor
Wilbanks	properNoun	swe	Wilbanks	properNoun	nor
Wilbye	properNoun	swe	Wilbye	properNoun	nor
Wilckens Gully	properNoun	swe	Wilckens Gully	properNoun	nor
Wildberg	properNoun	swe	Wildberg	properNoun	nor
Wilde Leck	properNoun	swe	Wilde Leck	properNoun	nor
Wilden	properNoun	swe	Wilden	properNoun	nor
Wildenberg	properNoun	swe	Wildenberg	properNoun	nor
Wildenrath	properNoun	swe	Wildenrath	properNoun	nor
Wildenstein	properNoun	swe	Wildenstein	properNoun	nor
Wilderswil	properNoun	swe	Wilderswil	properNoun	nor
Wildeshausen	properNoun	swe	Wildeshausen	properNoun	nor
Wildgärst	properNoun	swe	Wildgärst	properNoun	nor
Wildi Frau	properNoun	swe	Wildi Frau	properNoun	nor
Wildparkstadion	properNoun	swe	Wildparkstadion	properNoun	nor
Wilds Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Wilds Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Wildstrubel	properNoun	swe	Wildstrubel	properNoun	nor
Wiler bei Utzenstorf	properNoun	swe	Wiler bei Utzenstorf	properNoun	nor
Wileroltigen	properNoun	swe	Wileroltigen	properNoun	nor
Wilhelm Archipelago	properNoun	swe	Wilhelm Archipelago	properNoun	nor
Wilhelmsdorf	properNoun	swe	Wilhelmsdorf	properNoun	nor
Wilhelmshöhe	properNoun	swe	Wilhelmshöhe	properNoun	nor
Wilhelmstraße	properNoun	swe	Wilhelmstraße	properNoun	nor
Wilhelmøya	properNoun	swe	Wilhelmøya	properNoun	nor
Wilhoite Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Wilhoite Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Wiliberg	properNoun	swe	Wiliberg	properNoun	nor
Wilkes land	properNoun	swe	Wilkes Land	properNoun	nor
Wilkins Mountains	properNoun	swe	Wilkins Mountains	properNoun	nor
Wilkins Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Wilkins Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Wilkniss Mountains	properNoun	swe	Wilkniss Mountains	properNoun	nor
Willadingen	properNoun	swe	Willadingen	properNoun	nor
Willan Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Willan Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Willan Saddle	properNoun	swe	Willan Saddle	properNoun	nor
Willebadessen	properNoun	swe	Willebadessen	properNoun	nor
Willendorf	properNoun	swe	Willendorf	properNoun	nor
Willett Range	properNoun	swe	Willett Range	properNoun	nor
William Scoresby Archipelago	properNoun	swe	William Scoresby Archipelago	properNoun	nor
Williams F1	properNoun	swe	Williams F1	properNoun	nor
Williams F1	properNoun	swe	WilliamsF1	properNoun	nor
Williams Hills	properNoun	swe	Williams Hills	properNoun	nor
Williams Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Williams Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Williams Rocks	properNoun	swe	Williams Rocks	properNoun	nor
Williamsburg	properNoun	swe	Williamsburg	properNoun	nor
Williamson Head	properNoun	swe	Williamson Head	properNoun	nor
Williamson Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Williamson Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Williamson Rock	properNoun	swe	Williamson Rock	properNoun	nor
Williamstown	properNoun	swe	Williamstown	properNoun	nor
Willich	properNoun	swe	Willich	properNoun	nor
Willingen	properNoun	swe	Willingen	properNoun	nor
Willis Tower	properNoun	swe	Willis Tower	properNoun	nor
Williwaw Rocks	properNoun	swe	Williwaw Rocks	properNoun	nor
Willows Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Willows Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Willunga	properNoun	swe	Willunga	properNoun	nor
Wilmington	properNoun	swe	Wilmington	properNoun	nor
Wilnsdorf	properNoun	swe	Wilnsdorf	properNoun	nor
Wilson Mountains	properNoun	swe	Wilson Mountains	properNoun	nor
Wilson Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Wilson Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Wilson Portal	properNoun	swe	Wilson Portal	properNoun	nor
Wiltshire	properNoun	swe	Wiltshire	properNoun	nor
Wimborne Minster	properNoun	swe	Wimborne Minster	properNoun	nor
Wimmis	properNoun	swe	Wimmis	properNoun	nor
Wimple Dome	properNoun	swe	Wimple Dome	properNoun	nor
Wincanton	properNoun	swe	Wincanton	properNoun	nor
Windberg	properNoun	swe	Windberg	properNoun	nor
Windeck	properNoun	swe	Windeck	properNoun	nor
Windecken	properNoun	swe	Windecken	properNoun	nor
Windermere	properNoun	swe	Windermere	properNoun	nor
Windgassen	properNoun	swe	Windgassen	properNoun	nor
Windheim	properNoun	swe	Windheim	properNoun	nor
Windisch	properNoun	swe	Windisch	properNoun	nor
Windscoop Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Windscoop Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Windvane Hill	properNoun	swe	Windvane Hill	properNoun	nor
Windy Gully	properNoun	swe	Windy Gully	properNoun	nor
Wingham	properNoun	swe	Wingham	properNoun	nor
Winkel	properNoun	swe	Winkel	properNoun	nor
Winnenden	properNoun	swe	Winnenden	properNoun	nor
Winnetka	properNoun	swe	Winnetka	properNoun	nor
Winnipeg	properNoun	swe	Winnipeg	properNoun	nor
Winnipegsjön	properNoun	swe	Winnipegsjøen	properNoun	nor
Winsen	properNoun	swe	Winsen	properNoun	nor
Winter Garden Theatre	properNoun	swe	Winter Garden Theatre	properNoun	nor
Winterbach	properNoun	swe	Winterbach	properNoun	nor
Winterberg	properNoun	swe	Winterberg	properNoun	nor
Winterborn	properNoun	swe	Winterborn	properNoun	nor
Wintersingen	properNoun	swe	Wintersingen	properNoun	nor
Winterstock	properNoun	swe	Winterstock	properNoun	nor
Winznau	properNoun	swe	Winznau	properNoun	nor
Wipperfürth	properNoun	swe	Wipperfürth	properNoun	nor
Wiriehorn	properNoun	swe	Wiriehorn	properNoun	nor
Wirth Peninsula	properNoun	swe	Wirth Peninsula	properNoun	nor
Wisch	properNoun	swe	Wisch	properNoun	nor
Wisdom Hills	properNoun	swe	Wisdom Hills	properNoun	nor
Wishart	properNoun	swe	Wishart	properNoun	nor
Wislikofen	properNoun	swe	Wislikofen	properNoun	nor
Wismar	properNoun	swe	Wismar	properNoun	nor
Wissembourg	properNoun	swe	Wissembourg	properNoun	nor
Wissgandstöckli	properNoun	swe	Wissgandstöckli	properNoun	nor
Wissigstock	properNoun	swe	Wissigstock	properNoun	nor
Wistedt	properNoun	swe	Wistedt	properNoun	nor
Wisting	properNoun	swe	Wisting	properNoun	nor
Wistätthorn	properNoun	swe	Wistätthorn	properNoun	nor
Wisła	properNoun	swe	Wisła	properNoun	nor
Wisłok	properNoun	swe	Wisłok	properNoun	nor
Witenalpstock	properNoun	swe	Witenalpstock	properNoun	nor
Witenwasserenstock	properNoun	swe	Witenwasserenstock	properNoun	nor
Witham	properNoun	swe	Witham	properNoun	nor
Withernsea	properNoun	swe	Withernsea	properNoun	nor
Witman	properNoun	swe	Witman	properNoun	nor
Witney	properNoun	swe	Witney	properNoun	nor
Witsum	properNoun	swe	Witsum	properNoun	nor
Witte Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Witte Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Witten	properNoun	swe	Witten	properNoun	nor
Wittenmoor	properNoun	swe	Wittenmoor	properNoun	nor
Wittersheim	properNoun	swe	Wittersheim	properNoun	nor
Witterswil	properNoun	swe	Witterswil	properNoun	nor
Wittichenau	properNoun	swe	Wittichenau	properNoun	nor
Wittingen	properNoun	swe	Wittingen	properNoun	nor
Wittinsburg	properNoun	swe	Wittinsburg	properNoun	nor
Wittmund	properNoun	swe	Wittmund	properNoun	nor
Wittnau	properNoun	swe	Wittnau	properNoun	nor
Witwatersrand	properNoun	swe	Witwatersrand	properNoun	nor
Witzenhausen	properNoun	swe	Witzenhausen	properNoun	nor
Witzleben	properNoun	swe	Witzleben	properNoun	nor
Wivenhoe	properNoun	swe	Wivenhoe	properNoun	nor
Wiwannihorn	properNoun	swe	Wiwannihorn	properNoun	nor
Woburn	properNoun	swe	Woburn	properNoun	nor
Wodzisław Śląski	properNoun	swe	Wodzisław Śląski	properNoun	nor
Wohlen	properNoun	swe	Wohlen	properNoun	nor
Wohlenschwil	properNoun	swe	Wohlenschwil	properNoun	nor
Wohlfarth	properNoun	swe	Wohlfarth	properNoun	nor
Wohlthatmassiv	properNoun	swe	Wohlthatmassivet	properNoun	nor
Wohn	properNoun	swe	Wohn	properNoun	nor
Woinarski	properNoun	swe	Woinarski	properNoun	nor
Woking	properNoun	swe	Woking	properNoun	nor
Wokingham	properNoun	swe	Wokingham	properNoun	nor
Wold Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Wold Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Wolf Rock	properNoun	swe	Wolf Rock	properNoun	nor
Wolfegg	properNoun	swe	Wolfegg	properNoun	nor
Wolfen	properNoun	swe	Wolfen	properNoun	nor
Wolfenbüttel	properNoun	swe	Wolfenbüttel	properNoun	nor
Wolfgangsee	properNoun	swe	Wolfgangsee	properNoun	nor
Wolfhalden	properNoun	swe	Wolfhalden	properNoun	nor
Wolfisberg	properNoun	swe	Wolfisberg	properNoun	nor
Wolfsberg	properNoun	swe	Wolfsberg	properNoun	nor
Wolfsburg	properNoun	swe	Wolfsburg	properNoun	nor
Wollongong	properNoun	swe	Wollongong	properNoun	nor
Woltersdorf	properNoun	swe	Woltersdorf	properNoun	nor
Wolverhampton	properNoun	swe	Wolverhampton	properNoun	nor
Wonsey Rock	properNoun	swe	Wonsey Rock	properNoun	nor
Wonthaggi	properNoun	swe	Wonthaggi	properNoun	nor
Woodberry Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Woodberry Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Woodbridge	properNoun	swe	Woodbridge	properNoun	nor
Woodgate Crest	properNoun	swe	Woodgate Crest	properNoun	nor
Woodley	properNoun	swe	Woodley	properNoun	nor
Woodstock	properNoun	swe	Woodstock	properNoun	nor
Woodstockfestivalen	properNoun	swe	Woodstockfestivalen	properNoun	nor
Woof	properNoun	swe	Woof	properNoun	nor
Woollard	properNoun	swe	Woollard	properNoun	nor
Woolwich	properNoun	swe	Woolwich	properNoun	nor
Woozle Hill	properNoun	swe	Woozle Hill	properNoun	nor
Worb	properNoun	swe	Worb	properNoun	nor
Worben	properNoun	swe	Worben	properNoun	nor
Worcester Range	properNoun	swe	Worcester Range	properNoun	nor
Worcester Summit	properNoun	swe	Worcester Summit	properNoun	nor
Worcestershire	properNoun	swe	Worcestershire	properNoun	nor
Wordie Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Wordie Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Workington	properNoun	swe	Workington	properNoun	nor
Worksop	properNoun	swe	Worksop	properNoun	nor
World Trade Center	properNoun	swe	Verdshandelssenteret i New York	properNoun	nor
Worley Point	properNoun	swe	Worley Point	properNoun	nor
Worms	properNoun	swe	Worms	properNoun	nor
Wormshill	properNoun	swe	Wormshill	properNoun	nor
Worpswede	properNoun	swe	Worpswede	properNoun	nor
Worswick Hill	properNoun	swe	Worswick Hill	properNoun	nor
Worth Reef	properNoun	swe	Worth Reef	properNoun	nor
Worthing	properNoun	swe	Worthing	properNoun	nor
Wotton	properNoun	swe	Wotton	properNoun	nor
Wrangels ö	properNoun	swe	Vrangeløya	properNoun	nor
Wrexham	properNoun	swe	Wrexham	properNoun	nor
Wrixum	properNoun	swe	Wrixum	properNoun	nor
Wrocław	properNoun	swe	Wrocław	properNoun	nor
Wu Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Wu Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Wudangshan	properNoun	swe	Wudangfjellene	properNoun	nor
Wudangshan	properNoun	swe	Wudangshan	properNoun	nor
Wuhan	properNoun	swe	Wuhan	properNoun	nor
Wuhu	properNoun	swe	Wuhu	properNoun	nor
Wujek Ridge	properNoun	swe	Wujek Ridge	properNoun	nor
Wulfen	properNoun	swe	Wulfen	properNoun	nor
Wullen	properNoun	swe	Wullen	properNoun	nor
Wunneburger Rock	properNoun	swe	Wunneburger Rock	properNoun	nor
Wunstorf	properNoun	swe	Wunstorf	properNoun	nor
Wupper	properNoun	swe	Wupper	properNoun	nor
Wuppertal	properNoun	swe	Wuppertal	properNoun	nor
Wurm	properNoun	swe	Wurm	properNoun	nor
Wurmberg	properNoun	swe	Wurmberg	properNoun	nor
Wurzbach	properNoun	swe	Wurzbach	properNoun	nor
Wusterwitz	properNoun	swe	Wusterwitz	properNoun	nor
Wustrow	properNoun	swe	Wustrow	properNoun	nor
Wutach	properNoun	swe	Wutach	properNoun	nor
Wuxi	properNoun	swe	Wuxi	properNoun	nor
Wuyishan	properNoun	swe	Wuyi Shan	properNoun	nor
Wuyishan	properNoun	swe	Wuyishan	properNoun	nor
Wyandot Point	properNoun	swe	Wyandot Point	properNoun	nor
Wye	properNoun	swe	Wye	properNoun	nor
Wyers Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Wyers Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Wyeth Heights	properNoun	swe	Wyeth Heights	properNoun	nor
Wyk	properNoun	swe	Wyk	properNoun	nor
Wymondham	properNoun	swe	Wymondham	properNoun	nor
Wynau	properNoun	swe	Wynau	properNoun	nor
Wynigen	properNoun	swe	Wynigen	properNoun	nor
Wyssachen	properNoun	swe	Wyssachen	properNoun	nor
Wätterlatte	properNoun	swe	Wätterlatte	properNoun	nor
Wättingeströmmen	properNoun	swe	Wättingeströmmen	properNoun	nor
Wölflinswil	properNoun	swe	Wölflinswil	properNoun	nor
Wörlitz	properNoun	swe	Wörlitz	properNoun	nor
Wörner Gap	properNoun	swe	Wörner Gap	properNoun	nor
Wört	properNoun	swe	Wört	properNoun	nor
Wörthersee	properNoun	swe	Wörthersee	properNoun	nor
Wülfrath	properNoun	swe	Wülfrath	properNoun	nor
Wümme	properNoun	swe	Wümme	properNoun	nor
Würenlingen	properNoun	swe	Würenlingen	properNoun	nor
Würenlos	properNoun	swe	Würenlos	properNoun	nor
Würgassen	properNoun	swe	Würgassen	properNoun	nor
Würm	properNoun	swe	Würm	properNoun	nor
Würselen	properNoun	swe	Würselen	properNoun	nor
Würzburg	properNoun	swe	Würzburg	properNoun	nor
Wüsten	properNoun	swe	Wüsten	properNoun	nor
Wüstenhagen	properNoun	swe	Wüstenhagen	properNoun	nor
Węgorzewo	properNoun	swe	Węgorzewo	properNoun	nor
Włocławek	properNoun	swe	Włocławek	properNoun	nor
Xanadu Hills	properNoun	swe	Xanadu Hills	properNoun	nor
Xanten	properNoun	swe	Xanten	properNoun	nor
Xanthi	properNoun	swe	Xánthi	properNoun	nor
Xavier Hufkens	properNoun	swe	Xavier Hufkens	properNoun	nor
Xiamen	properNoun	swe	Xiamen	properNoun	nor
Xiangtan	properNoun	swe	Xiangtan	properNoun	nor
Xiangxi	properNoun	swe	Xiangxi	properNoun	nor
Xiangyang	properNoun	swe	Xiangfan	properNoun	nor
Xiangyang	properNoun	swe	Xiangyang	properNoun	nor
Xianning	properNoun	swe	Xianning	properNoun	nor
Xiantao	properNoun	swe	Xiantao	properNoun	nor
Xianyang	properNoun	swe	Xianyang	properNoun	nor
Xiaogan	properNoun	swe	Xiaogan	properNoun	nor
Xichou	properNoun	swe	Xichou	properNoun	nor
Xilin	properNoun	swe	Xilin	properNoun	nor
Xingtai	properNoun	swe	Xingtai	properNoun	nor
Xining	properNoun	swe	Xining	properNoun	nor
Xinjiang	properNoun	swe	Xinjiang	properNoun	nor
Xinshi	properNoun	swe	Xinshi	properNoun	nor
Xinxiang	properNoun	swe	Xinxiang	properNoun	nor
Xinyang	properNoun	swe	Xinyang	properNoun	nor
Xinyu	properNoun	swe	Xinyu	properNoun	nor
Xinzhou	properNoun	swe	Xinzhou	properNoun	nor
Xuancheng	properNoun	swe	Xuancheng	properNoun	nor
Xuchang	properNoun	swe	Xuchang	properNoun	nor
Xuzhou	properNoun	swe	Xuzhou	properNoun	nor
Yabrud	properNoun	swe	Yabrud	properNoun	nor
Yad Vashem	properNoun	swe	Yad Vashem	properNoun	nor
Yadkinville	properNoun	swe	Yadkinville	properNoun	nor
Yaglou	properNoun	swe	Yaglou	properNoun	nor
Yale School of Art	properNoun	swe	Yale School of Art	properNoun	nor
Yale Tarn	properNoun	swe	Yale Tarn	properNoun	nor
Yale University	properNoun	swe	Yale University	properNoun	nor
Yalova	properNoun	swe	Yalova	properNoun	nor
Yalu	properNoun	swe	Yalu	properNoun	nor
Yamagata Ridge	properNoun	swe	Yamagata Ridge	properNoun	nor
Yamagata	properNoun	swe	Yamagata	properNoun	nor
Yamoussoukro	properNoun	swe	Yamoussoukro	properNoun	nor
Yamuna	properNoun	swe	Yamuna	properNoun	nor
Yanbian	properNoun	swe	Yanbian	properNoun	nor
Yanbu	properNoun	swe	Yanbu	properNoun	nor
Yancheng	properNoun	swe	Yancheng	properNoun	nor
Yanchuan	properNoun	swe	Yanchuan	properNoun	nor
Yangjiang	properNoun	swe	Yangjiang	properNoun	nor
Yangquan	properNoun	swe	Yangquan	properNoun	nor
Yangzhou	properNoun	swe	Yangzhou	properNoun	nor
Yankov Gap	properNoun	swe	Yankov Gap	properNoun	nor
Yanshan	properNoun	swe	Yanshan	properNoun	nor
Yantai	properNoun	swe	Yantai	properNoun	nor
Yaoundé	properNoun	swe	Yaoundé	properNoun	nor
Yap	properNoun	swe	Yap	properNoun	nor
Yaracuy	properNoun	swe	Yaracuy	properNoun	nor
Yarmuk	properNoun	swe	Yarmouk	properNoun	nor
Yarra Glen	properNoun	swe	Yarra Glen	properNoun	nor
Yate	properNoun	swe	Yate	properNoun	nor
Yatirskogen	properNoun	swe	Yatirskogen	properNoun	nor
Yazoo City	properNoun	swe	Yazoo City	properNoun	nor
Yding Skovhøj	properNoun	swe	Yding Skovhøj	properNoun	nor
Ydre kommun	properNoun	swe	Ydre kommune	properNoun	nor
Yeadon	properNoun	swe	Yeadon	properNoun	nor
Yedigöller	properNoun	swe	Yedigöller	properNoun	nor
Yee Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Yee Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Yeliseyev Rocks	properNoun	swe	Yeliseyev Rocks	properNoun	nor
Yell	properNoun	swe	Yell	properNoun	nor
Yelling	properNoun	swe	Yelling	properNoun	nor
Yellow Springs	properNoun	swe	Yellow Springs	properNoun	nor
Yellowknife	properNoun	swe	Yellowknife	properNoun	nor
Yellowstone nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Yellowstone nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Yeniceoba	properNoun	swe	Yeniceoba	properNoun	nor
Yeovil	properNoun	swe	Yeovil	properNoun	nor
Yerkesobservatoriet	properNoun	swe	Yerkes-observatoriet	properNoun	nor
Yermak Point	properNoun	swe	Yermak Point	properNoun	nor
Yichang	properNoun	swe	Yichang	properNoun	nor
Yichun	properNoun	swe	Yichun	properNoun	nor
Yinchuan	properNoun	swe	Yinchuan	properNoun	nor
Yingkou	properNoun	swe	Yingkou	properNoun	nor
Yingling Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Yingling Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Yingtan	properNoun	swe	Yingtan	properNoun	nor
Yixing	properNoun	swe	Yixing	properNoun	nor
Yli Lompolo	properNoun	swe	Yli Lompolo	properNoun	nor
Ylivieska	properNoun	swe	Ylivieska	properNoun	nor
Ylläs	properNoun	swe	Ylläs	properNoun	nor
Ylöjärvi	properNoun	swe	Ylöjärvi	properNoun	nor
Yngaren	properNoun	swe	Yngaren	properNoun	nor
Yngern	properNoun	swe	Yngern	properNoun	nor
Yngsjö	properNoun	swe	Yngsjö	properNoun	nor
Yochelson Ridge	properNoun	swe	Yochelson Ridge	properNoun	nor
Yogyakarta	properNoun	swe	Yogyakarta	properNoun	nor
Yokosuka	properNoun	swe	Yokosuka	properNoun	nor
Yongzhou	properNoun	swe	Yongzhou	properNoun	nor
York University	properNoun	swe	York University	properNoun	nor
Yorkshire och Humber	properNoun	swe	Yorkshire og Humber	properNoun	nor
Young Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Young Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Youngstorget	properNoun	swe	Youngstorget	properNoun	nor
Youngstown	properNoun	swe	Youngstown	properNoun	nor
Yovkov Point	properNoun	swe	Yovkov Point	properNoun	nor
Yozgat	properNoun	swe	Yozgat	properNoun	nor
Ypern	properNoun	swe	Ieper	properNoun	nor
Ypsilon	properNoun	swe	Ypsilon	properNoun	nor
Ysby	properNoun	swe	Ysby	properNoun	nor
Yser	properNoun	swe	Yser	properNoun	nor
Yssingeaux	properNoun	swe	Yssingeaux	properNoun	nor
Ystads kommun	properNoun	swe	Ystad kommune	properNoun	nor
Ytraberget	properNoun	swe	Ytraberget	properNoun	nor
Ytre Arna	properNoun	swe	Ytre Arna	properNoun	nor
Ytre Enebakk	properNoun	swe	Ytre Enebakk	properNoun	nor
Ytre Hvaler nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Ytre Hvaler nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Ytstekleppane	properNoun	swe	Ytstekleppane	properNoun	nor
Ytterby gruva	properNoun	swe	Ytterby gruve	properNoun	nor
Ytterhogdal	properNoun	swe	Ytterhogdal	properNoun	nor
Yttermalung	properNoun	swe	Yttermalung	properNoun	nor
Ytternäs och Vreta	properNoun	swe	Ytternäs och Vreta	properNoun	nor
Ytterån	properNoun	swe	Ytterån	properNoun	nor
Yttre Hebriderna	properNoun	swe	Ytre Hebridane	properNoun	nor
Yttre Hebriderna	properNoun	swe	Ytre Hebridene	properNoun	nor
Yuandynastin	properNoun	swe	Yuan-dynastiet	properNoun	nor
Yucatán	properNoun	swe	Yucatán	properNoun	nor
Yucatánhalvön	properNoun	swe	Yucatán	properNoun	nor
Yucatánhalvön	properNoun	swe	Yucatánhalvøya	properNoun	nor
Yuncheng	properNoun	swe	Yuncheng	properNoun	nor
Yunfu	properNoun	swe	Yunfu	properNoun	nor
Yunnan	properNoun	swe	Yunnan	properNoun	nor
Yuxi	properNoun	swe	Yuxi	properNoun	nor
Yvelines	properNoun	swe	Yvelines	properNoun	nor
Yxlan	properNoun	swe	Yxlan	properNoun	nor
Zaan	properNoun	swe	Zaan	properNoun	nor
Zaanstad	properNoun	swe	Zaanstad	properNoun	nor
Zabajkalskij kraj	properNoun	swe	Zabajkalskij kraj	properNoun	nor
Zabajkalskij kraj	properNoun	swe	Zabajkalskij	properNoun	nor
Zaber	properNoun	swe	Zaber	properNoun	nor
Zabrze	properNoun	swe	Zabrze	properNoun	nor
Zacatecas	properNoun	swe	Zacatecas	properNoun	nor
Zadar	properNoun	swe	Zadar	properNoun	nor
Zagarolo	properNoun	swe	Zagarolo	properNoun	nor
Zagazig	properNoun	swe	Zaqaziq	properNoun	nor
Zagros	properNoun	swe	Zagros	properNoun	nor
Zagros	properNoun	swe	Zagrosfjellene	properNoun	nor
Zagyva	properNoun	swe	Zagyva	properNoun	nor
Zahari Point	properNoun	swe	Zahari Point	properNoun	nor
Zahle	properNoun	swe	Zahle	properNoun	nor
Zahle	properNoun	swe	Zahlé	properNoun	nor
Zahm Andrist	properNoun	swe	Zahm Andrist	properNoun	nor
Zainsk	properNoun	swe	Zainsk	properNoun	nor
Zaječar	properNoun	swe	Zaječar	properNoun	nor
Zajsan	properNoun	swe	Zajsan	properNoun	nor
Zakarpattia oblast	properNoun	swe	Zakarpattja oblast	properNoun	nor
Zakynthos	properNoun	swe	Zákynthos	properNoun	nor
Zakynthos	properNoun	swe	Zakynthos	properNoun	nor
Zalaegerszeg	properNoun	swe	Zalaegerszeg	properNoun	nor
Zalalövő	properNoun	swe	Zalalövő	properNoun	nor
Zalongo	properNoun	swe	Zálongo	properNoun	nor
Zambezi	properNoun	swe	Zambezi	properNoun	nor
Zamora	properNoun	swe	Zamora	properNoun	nor
Zandvoort	properNoun	swe	Zandvoort	properNoun	nor
Zang	properNoun	swe	Zang	properNoun	nor
Zange	properNoun	swe	Zange	properNoun	nor
Zaozhuang	properNoun	swe	Zaozhuang	properNoun	nor
Zaoziorsk	properNoun	swe	Zaoziorsk	properNoun	nor
Zapadnoye Lake	properNoun	swe	Zapadnoye Lake	properNoun	nor
Zapato	properNoun	swe	Zapato	properNoun	nor
Zaporizjzja oblast	properNoun	swe	Zaporizjzja oblast	properNoun	nor
Zaporizjzja oblast	properNoun	swe	Zaporizjzjia oblast	properNoun	nor
Zaporizjzja	properNoun	swe	Zaporizjzja	properNoun	nor
Zaporizjzja	properNoun	swe	Zaporizjzjia	properNoun	nor
Zapporthorn	properNoun	swe	Zapporthorn	properNoun	nor
Zaragoza	properNoun	swe	Zaragoza	properNoun	nor
Zaretjnyj	properNoun	swe	Zaretsjnyj	properNoun	nor
Zaria	properNoun	swe	Zaria	properNoun	nor
Zarqa	properNoun	swe	Zarqa	properNoun	nor
Zarrentin am Schaalsee	properNoun	swe	Zarrentin am Schaalsee	properNoun	nor
Zauggenried	properNoun	swe	Zauggenried	properNoun	nor
Zavet Saddle	properNoun	swe	Zavet Saddle	properNoun	nor
Zavitinsk	properNoun	swe	Zavitinsk	properNoun	nor
Zawiercie	properNoun	swe	Zawiercie	properNoun	nor
Zdarsky	properNoun	swe	Zdarsky	properNoun	nor
Zealandia	properNoun	swe	Zeelandia	properNoun	nor
Zebra Ridge	properNoun	swe	Zebra Ridge	properNoun	nor
Zedelgem	properNoun	swe	Zedelgem	properNoun	nor
Zeebrygge	properNoun	swe	Zeebrugge	properNoun	nor
Zeeland	properNoun	swe	Zeeland	properNoun	nor
Zeglingen	properNoun	swe	Zeglingen	properNoun	nor
Zeihen	properNoun	swe	Zeihen	properNoun	nor
Zeila	properNoun	swe	Zeila	properNoun	nor
Zeiningen	properNoun	swe	Zeiningen	properNoun	nor
Zeja	properNoun	swe	Zeja	properNoun	nor
Zelenodolsk	properNoun	swe	Zelenodolsk	properNoun	nor
Zelenogorsk	properNoun	swe	Zelenogorsk	properNoun	nor
Zelenograd	properNoun	swe	Zelenograd	properNoun	nor
Zelenogradsk	properNoun	swe	Zelenogradsk	properNoun	nor
Želetava	properNoun	swe	Želetava	properNoun	nor
Zell am See	properNoun	swe	Zell am See	properNoun	nor
Zell im Wiesental	properNoun	swe	Zell im Wiesental	properNoun	nor
Zella	properNoun	swe	Zella	properNoun	nor
Zeller See	properNoun	swe	Zeller See	properNoun	nor
Zellersee	properNoun	swe	Zellersee	properNoun	nor
Zemen Knoll	properNoun	swe	Zemen Knoll	properNoun	nor
Zemplínska šírava	properNoun	swe	Zemplínska šírava	properNoun	nor
Zenica	properNoun	swe	Zenica	properNoun	nor
Zeppenfeld	properNoun	swe	Zeppenfeld	properNoun	nor
Zermatt	properNoun	swe	Zermatt	properNoun	nor
Zernez	properNoun	swe	Zernez	properNoun	nor
Zervreilahorn	properNoun	swe	Zervreilahorn	properNoun	nor
Zeta	properNoun	swe	Zeta	properNoun	nor
Zetel	properNoun	swe	Zetel	properNoun	nor
Zetzwil	properNoun	swe	Zetzwil	properNoun	nor
Zeus Ridge	properNoun	swe	Zeus Ridge	properNoun	nor
Zeusstatyn i Olympia	properNoun	swe	Zevsstatuen i Olympia	properNoun	nor
Zeuthen	properNoun	swe	Zeuthen	properNoun	nor
Zeven	properNoun	swe	Zeven	properNoun	nor
Zghartā	properNoun	swe	Zgharta	properNoun	nor
Zhangjiajie	properNoun	swe	Zhangjiajie	properNoun	nor
Zhangjiakou	properNoun	swe	Zhangjiakou	properNoun	nor
Zhangye	properNoun	swe	Zhangye	properNoun	nor
Zhangzhou	properNoun	swe	Zhangzhou	properNoun	nor
Zhanjiang	properNoun	swe	Zhanjiang	properNoun	nor
Zhaoqing	properNoun	swe	Zhaoqing	properNoun	nor
Zhaotong	properNoun	swe	Zhaotong	properNoun	nor
Zhejiang	properNoun	swe	Zhejiang	properNoun	nor
Zhengzhou	properNoun	swe	Zhengzhou	properNoun	nor
Zhenjiang	properNoun	swe	Zhenjiang	properNoun	nor
Zhongshan	properNoun	swe	Zhongshan	properNoun	nor
Zhoukou	properNoun	swe	Zhoukou	properNoun	nor
Zhoukoudian	properNoun	swe	Zhoukoudian	properNoun	nor
Zhoushan	properNoun	swe	Zhoushan	properNoun	nor
Zhucheng	properNoun	swe	Zhucheng	properNoun	nor
Zhuhai	properNoun	swe	Zhuhai	properNoun	nor
Zhumadian	properNoun	swe	Zhumadian	properNoun	nor
Zhuzhou	properNoun	swe	Zhuzhou	properNoun	nor
Zibo	properNoun	swe	Zibo	properNoun	nor
Zichyújfalu	properNoun	swe	Zichyújfalu	properNoun	nor
Ziefen	properNoun	swe	Ziefen	properNoun	nor
Ziegelbach	properNoun	swe	Ziegelbach	properNoun	nor
Ziegenberg	properNoun	swe	Ziegenberg	properNoun	nor
Ziegenhain	properNoun	swe	Ziegenhain	properNoun	nor
Ziegler Point	properNoun	swe	Ziegler Point	properNoun	nor
Zielebach	properNoun	swe	Zielebach	properNoun	nor
Zielona Góra	properNoun	swe	Zielona Góra	properNoun	nor
Ziesar	properNoun	swe	Ziesar	properNoun	nor
Ziethen	properNoun	swe	Ziethen	properNoun	nor
Zigong	properNoun	swe	Zigong	properNoun	nor
Žilina	properNoun	swe	Žilina	properNoun	nor
Ziltendorf	properNoun	swe	Ziltendorf	properNoun	nor
Zima	properNoun	swe	Zima	properNoun	nor
Zimina	properNoun	swe	Zimina	properNoun	nor
Zimmerbach	properNoun	swe	Zimmerbach	properNoun	nor
Zimmermannfjellet	properNoun	swe	Zimmermannfjellet	properNoun	nor
Zimmern	properNoun	swe	Zimmern	properNoun	nor
Zinalrothorn	properNoun	swe	Zinalrothorn	properNoun	nor
Zinkgruvan	properNoun	swe	Zinkgruvan	properNoun	nor
Zinsmeister Ridge	properNoun	swe	Zinsmeister Ridge	properNoun	nor
Žirje	properNoun	swe	Žirje	properNoun	nor
Zirl	properNoun	swe	Zirl	properNoun	nor
Ziyang	properNoun	swe	Ziyang	properNoun	nor
Zizers	properNoun	swe	Zizers	properNoun	nor
Zjambyl	properNoun	swe	Zjambyl	properNoun	nor
Zjeleznodorozjnyj	properNoun	swe	Zjeleznodorozjnyj	properNoun	nor
Zjeleznogorsk	properNoun	swe	Zjeleznogorsk	properNoun	nor
Zjeltovskij	properNoun	swe	Zjeltovskij	properNoun	nor
Zjiguljovsk	properNoun	swe	Zjiguljovsk	properNoun	nor
Zjochovön	properNoun	swe	Zjokhovøya	properNoun	nor
Zjukovskij	properNoun	swe	Zjukovskij	properNoun	nor
Zjupanovskij	properNoun	swe	Zjupanovskij	properNoun	nor
Zjytomyr oblast	properNoun	swe	Zjytomyr oblast	properNoun	nor
Zjytomyr	properNoun	swe	Zjytomyr	properNoun	nor
Zlatograd Rock	properNoun	swe	Zlatograd Rock	properNoun	nor
Zlatoust	properNoun	swe	Zlatoust	properNoun	nor
Zlín	properNoun	swe	Zlín	properNoun	nor
Znojmo	properNoun	swe	Znojmo	properNoun	nor
Zofingen	properNoun	swe	Zofingen	properNoun	nor
Zohn Nunataks	properNoun	swe	Zohn Nunataks	properNoun	nor
Zollikofen	properNoun	swe	Zollikofen	properNoun	nor
Zolotjiv	properNoun	swe	Zolotsjiv	properNoun	nor
Zolotonosja	properNoun	swe	Zolotonosja	properNoun	nor
Zomba	properNoun	swe	Zomba	properNoun	nor
Zons	properNoun	swe	Zons	properNoun	nor
Zrenjanin	properNoun	swe	Zrenjanin	properNoun	nor
Zubtsov	properNoun	swe	Zubtsov	properNoun	nor
Zuchwil	properNoun	swe	Zuchwil	properNoun	nor
Zuckerhütl	properNoun	swe	Zuckerhütl	properNoun	nor
Zufikon	properNoun	swe	Zufikon	properNoun	nor
Zuflucht	properNoun	swe	Zuflucht	properNoun	nor
Zugsjön	properNoun	swe	Zugsjøen	properNoun	nor
Zugspitze	properNoun	swe	Zugspitze	properNoun	nor
Zuiderduintjes	properNoun	swe	Zuiderduintjes	properNoun	nor
Zulia	properNoun	swe	Zulia	properNoun	nor
Zullwil	properNoun	swe	Zullwil	properNoun	nor
Zululand	properNoun	swe	Zuluriket	properNoun	nor
Zumberge Coast	properNoun	swe	Zumberge Coast	properNoun	nor
Zumholz	properNoun	swe	Zumholz	properNoun	nor
Zumsteinspitze	properNoun	swe	Zumsteinspitze	properNoun	nor
Zuncich Hill	properNoun	swe	Zuncich Hill	properNoun	nor
Zungeru	properNoun	swe	Zungeru	properNoun	nor
Zunyi	properNoun	swe	Zunyi	properNoun	nor
Zunzgen	properNoun	swe	Zunzgen	properNoun	nor
Zuoz	properNoun	swe	Zuoz	properNoun	nor
Zuqim	properNoun	swe	Tzukim	properNoun	nor
Zurzach	properNoun	swe	Distriktet Zurzach	properNoun	nor
Zurzach	properNoun	swe	Zurzach	properNoun	nor
Zuschlag	properNoun	swe	Zuschlag	properNoun	nor
Zuzgen	properNoun	swe	Zuzgen	properNoun	nor
Zuzwil	properNoun	swe	Zuzwil	properNoun	nor
Zvenyhorodka	properNoun	swe	Zvenyhorodka	properNoun	nor
Zvornik	properNoun	swe	Zvornik	properNoun	nor
Zwaag	properNoun	swe	Zwaag	properNoun	nor
Zwanenburgwal	properNoun	swe	Zwanenburgwal	properNoun	nor
Zweisimmen	properNoun	swe	Zweisimmen	properNoun	nor
Zwickau	properNoun	swe	Zwickau	properNoun	nor
Zwiefalten	properNoun	swe	Zwiefalten	properNoun	nor
Zwieselberg	properNoun	swe	Zwieselberg	properNoun	nor
Zwieselhøgda	properNoun	swe	Zwieselhøgda	properNoun	nor
Zwingen	properNoun	swe	Zwingen	properNoun	nor
Zwingenberg	properNoun	swe	Zwingenberg	properNoun	nor
Zwinger	properNoun	swe	Zwinger	properNoun	nor
Zwolle	properNoun	swe	Zwolle	properNoun	nor
Zäziwil	properNoun	swe	Zäziwil	properNoun	nor
Zêzere	properNoun	swe	Zêzere	properNoun	nor
Zörbig	properNoun	swe	Zörbig	properNoun	nor
Zülpich	properNoun	swe	Zülpich	properNoun	nor
Zündorf	properNoun	swe	Zündorf	properNoun	nor
Zürichsjön	properNoun	swe	Zürichsjøen	properNoun	nor
Ząbkowice Śląskie	properNoun	swe	Ząbkowice Śląskie	properNoun	nor
Złotoryja	properNoun	swe	Złotoryja	properNoun	nor
avenue Carnot	properNoun	swe	avenue Carnot	properNoun	nor
nollmeridian	properNoun	swe	nullmeridianen	properNoun	nor
Äbeni Flue	properNoun	swe	Äbeni Flue	properNoun	nor
Ägerisee	properNoun	swe	Ägerisee	properNoun	nor
Älandsbro	properNoun	swe	Älandsbro	properNoun	nor
Älgafallet	properNoun	swe	Elgåfossen	properNoun	nor
Älgarås	properNoun	swe	Älgarås	properNoun	nor
Älghult	properNoun	swe	Älghult	properNoun	nor
Ällmora träsk	properNoun	swe	Ällmora träsk	properNoun	nor
Älmhults kommun	properNoun	swe	Älmhult kommune	properNoun	nor
Älmsta	properNoun	swe	Älmsta	properNoun	nor
Älpliseehorn	properNoun	swe	Älpliseehorn	properNoun	nor
Älta	properNoun	swe	Älta	properNoun	nor
Ältaren	properNoun	swe	Ältaren	properNoun	nor
Ältasjön	properNoun	swe	Ältasjön	properNoun	nor
Älvdalen	properNoun	swe	Älvdalen	properNoun	nor
Älvdalens kommun	properNoun	swe	Älvdalen kommune	properNoun	nor
Älvkarleby kommun	properNoun	swe	Älvkarleby kommune	properNoun	nor
Älvkarleby	properNoun	swe	Älvkarleby	properNoun	nor
Älvnäs	properNoun	swe	Älvnäs	properNoun	nor
Älvsborgs län	properNoun	swe	Älvsborgs län	properNoun	nor
Älvsbyn	properNoun	swe	Älvsbyn	properNoun	nor
Älvsbyns kommun	properNoun	swe	Älvsbyn kommune	properNoun	nor
Älvsered	properNoun	swe	Älvsered	properNoun	nor
Älvsnabben	properNoun	swe	Älvsnabben	properNoun	nor
Älvängen	properNoun	swe	Älvängen	properNoun	nor
Ämmenäs	properNoun	swe	Ämmenäs	properNoun	nor
Äng	properNoun	swe	Äng	properNoun	nor
Änge	properNoun	swe	Änge	properNoun	nor
Ängelholm	properNoun	swe	Ängelholm	properNoun	nor
Ängelholms kommun	properNoun	swe	Ängelholm kommune	properNoun	nor
Ängsvik	properNoun	swe	Ängsvik	properNoun	nor
Äppelbo	properNoun	swe	Äppelbo	properNoun	nor
Ärla	properNoun	swe	Ärla	properNoun	nor
Äsköping	properNoun	swe	Äsköping	properNoun	nor
Äspered	properNoun	swe	Äspered	properNoun	nor
Äsperöd	properNoun	swe	Äsperöd	properNoun	nor
Ätran	properNoun	swe	Ätran	properNoun	nor
Å	properNoun	swe	Å	properNoun	nor
Åby	properNoun	swe	Åby	properNoun	nor
Åbygda	properNoun	swe	Åbygda	properNoun	nor
Åbyggeby	properNoun	swe	Åbyggeby	properNoun	nor
Åbytorp	properNoun	swe	Åbytorp	properNoun	nor
Åbyälven	properNoun	swe	Åbyälven	properNoun	nor
Ågerup	properNoun	swe	Ågerup	properNoun	nor
Ågestasjön	properNoun	swe	Ågestasjön	properNoun	nor
Ågestaverket	properNoun	swe	Ågesta kjernekraftverk	properNoun	nor
Ågestaverket	properNoun	swe	Ågestaverket	properNoun	nor
Ågotnes	properNoun	swe	Ågotnes	properNoun	nor
Åhus	properNoun	swe	Åhus	properNoun	nor
Åkarp	properNoun	swe	Åkarp	properNoun	nor
Åkerlundh Nunatak	properNoun	swe	Åkerlundh Nunatak	properNoun	nor
Åkers kanal	properNoun	swe	Åkers kanal	properNoun	nor
Åkers styckebruk	properNoun	swe	Åkers styckebruk	properNoun	nor
Åkersberga	properNoun	swe	Åkersberga	properNoun	nor
Åkersjön	properNoun	swe	Åkersjön	properNoun	nor
Åkirkeby	properNoun	swe	Aakirkeby	properNoun	nor
Åkrene	properNoun	swe	Åkrane	properNoun	nor
Åkrene	properNoun	swe	Åkrene	properNoun	nor
Ål i Hallingdal	properNoun	swe	Ål i Hallingdal	properNoun	nor
Ålands hav	properNoun	swe	Ålandshavet	properNoun	nor
Ålberga	properNoun	swe	Ålberga	properNoun	nor
Ålborgs kommun	properNoun	swe	Aalborg kommune	properNoun	nor
Åled	properNoun	swe	Åled	properNoun	nor
Ålem	properNoun	swe	Ålem	properNoun	nor
Ålesundsraset	properNoun	swe	Ålesund-raset	properNoun	nor
Ålesundsraset	properNoun	swe	Ålesundraset	properNoun	nor
Ålgård	properNoun	swe	Ålgård	properNoun	nor
Ålleberg	properNoun	swe	Ålleberg	properNoun	nor
Ålvik	properNoun	swe	Ålvik	properNoun	nor
Åmli	properNoun	swe	Åmli	properNoun	nor
Åmmeberg	properNoun	swe	Åmmeberg	properNoun	nor
Åmotfors	properNoun	swe	Åmotfors	properNoun	nor
Åmots kyrka	properNoun	swe	Åmot kirke	properNoun	nor
Åmots kyrka	properNoun	swe	Åmot kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Åmsele	properNoun	swe	Åmsele	properNoun	nor
Åmynnet	properNoun	swe	Åmynnet	properNoun	nor
Åmål	properNoun	swe	Åmål	properNoun	nor
Åmåls kommun	properNoun	swe	Åmål kommune	properNoun	nor
Ånderdalen nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Ånderdalen nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Åneby	properNoun	swe	Åneby	properNoun	nor
Ånge kommun	properNoun	swe	Ånge kommune	properNoun	nor
Ånge	properNoun	swe	Ånge	properNoun	nor
Ångermanland	properNoun	swe	Ångermanland	properNoun	nor
Ångermanälven	properNoun	swe	Ångermanälven	properNoun	nor
Ångsjön	properNoun	swe	Ångsjön	properNoun	nor
Ånnsjön	properNoun	swe	Ånnsjön	properNoun	nor
Ånäset	properNoun	swe	Ånäset	properNoun	nor
Årdals gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Årdal gamle kirke	properNoun	nor
Årdals gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Årdal gamle kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Åre bergbana	properNoun	swe	Åre bergbana	properNoun	nor
Åre gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Åre Gamle kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Åre gamla kyrka	properNoun	swe	Åre gamle kirke	properNoun	nor
Åre kommun	properNoun	swe	Åre kommun	properNoun	nor
Åre kommun	properNoun	swe	Åre	properNoun	nor
Åre	properNoun	swe	Åre	properNoun	nor
Åresjön	properNoun	swe	Åresjön	properNoun	nor
Åreskutan	properNoun	swe	Åreskutan	properNoun	nor
Året utan sommar	properNoun	swe	Året utan sommar	properNoun	nor
Året utan sommar	properNoun	swe	Året uten sommer	properNoun	nor
Åreälven	properNoun	swe	Åreälven	properNoun	nor
Århus amt	properNoun	swe	Århus amt	properNoun	nor
Århus stadshus	properNoun	swe	Aarhus rådhus	properNoun	nor
Årjäng	properNoun	swe	Årjäng	properNoun	nor
Årjängs kommun	properNoun	swe	Årjäng kommune	properNoun	nor
Åros	properNoun	swe	Åros	properNoun	nor
Års	properNoun	swe	Aars	properNoun	nor
Årset	properNoun	swe	Årset	properNoun	nor
Årsjön	properNoun	swe	Årsjön	properNoun	nor
Årstad	properNoun	swe	Årstad	properNoun	nor
Årsunda	properNoun	swe	Årsunda	properNoun	nor
Åryd	properNoun	swe	Åryd	properNoun	nor
Åråsen Stadion	properNoun	swe	Åråsen stadion	properNoun	nor
Årø	properNoun	swe	Årø	properNoun	nor
Åsarna	properNoun	swe	Åsarna	properNoun	nor
Åsarna	properNoun	swe	Åsarne	properNoun	nor
Åsarp	properNoun	swe	Åsarp	properNoun	nor
Åsbro	properNoun	swe	Åsbro	properNoun	nor
Åsby	properNoun	swe	Åsby	properNoun	nor
Åseda	properNoun	swe	Åseda	properNoun	nor
Åsele kommun	properNoun	swe	Åsele kommune	properNoun	nor
Åsele	properNoun	swe	Åsele	properNoun	nor
Åselstad	properNoun	swe	Åselstad	properNoun	nor
Åsenhöga	properNoun	swe	Åsenhöga	properNoun	nor
Åsensbruk	properNoun	swe	Åsensbruk	properNoun	nor
Åseral	properNoun	swe	Åseral	properNoun	nor
Åsgrenda	properNoun	swe	Åsgrenda	properNoun	nor
Åsgårdstrand	properNoun	swe	Åsgårdstrand	properNoun	nor
Åshammar	properNoun	swe	Åshammar	properNoun	nor
Åskilje	properNoun	swe	Åskilje	properNoun	nor
Åsljunga	properNoun	swe	Åsljunga	properNoun	nor
Åsnen	properNoun	swe	Åsnen	properNoun	nor
Åstol	properNoun	swe	Åstol	properNoun	nor
Åstorp	properNoun	swe	Åstorp	properNoun	nor
Åstorps kommun	properNoun	swe	Åstorp kommune	properNoun	nor
Återvall	properNoun	swe	Återvall	properNoun	nor
Åtorp	properNoun	swe	Åtorp	properNoun	nor
Åtvidabergs kommun	properNoun	swe	Åtvidaberg kommune	properNoun	nor
Æbelø	properNoun	swe	Æbelø	properNoun	nor
Ænes kyrka	properNoun	swe	Ænes kirke	properNoun	nor
Ænes kyrka	properNoun	swe	Ænes kyrkje	properNoun	nor
Ærø	properNoun	swe	Ærø	properNoun	nor
Æðey	properNoun	swe	Æðey	properNoun	nor
Çanakkale	properNoun	swe	Çanakkale	properNoun	nor
Çeşme	properNoun	swe	Çeşme	properNoun	nor
Çorrush	properNoun	swe	Çorrush	properNoun	nor
Çoruh	properNoun	swe	Çoruh	properNoun	nor
École Centrale de Lille	properNoun	swe	École centrale de Lille	properNoun	nor
École nationale des chartes	properNoun	swe	École nationale des chartes	properNoun	nor
École normale supérieure	properNoun	swe	École normale supérieure	properNoun	nor
Épalinges	properNoun	swe	Epalinges	properNoun	nor
Épernay	properNoun	swe	Épernay	properNoun	nor
Épinal	properNoun	swe	Épinal	properNoun	nor
Érd	properNoun	swe	Érd	properNoun	nor
Étampes	properNoun	swe	Étampes	properNoun	nor
Étang de Berre	properNoun	swe	Étang de Berre	properNoun	nor
Étang de Thau	properNoun	swe	Étang de Thau	properNoun	nor
Évora	properNoun	swe	Évora	properNoun	nor
Évreux	properNoun	swe	Évreux	properNoun	nor
Évry	properNoun	swe	Évry	properNoun	nor
Ísafjarðarbær	properNoun	swe	Ísafjarðarbær	properNoun	nor
Ísafjarðardjúp	properNoun	swe	Ísafjarðardjúp	properNoun	nor
Ísafjörður	properNoun	swe	Ísafjörður	properNoun	nor
Île aux Cygnes	properNoun	swe	Île aux Cygnes	properNoun	nor
Île de Noirmoutier	properNoun	swe	Île de Noirmoutier	properNoun	nor
Île de Ré	properNoun	swe	Île de Ré	properNoun	nor
Île de la Cité	properNoun	swe	Île de la Cité	properNoun	nor
Île des Pétrels	properNoun	swe	Île des Pétrels	properNoun	nor
Île du Levant	properNoun	swe	Île du Levant	properNoun	nor
Île à Vache	properNoun	swe	Île à Vache	properNoun	nor
Ózd	properNoun	swe	Ózd	properNoun	nor
Öbonäs	properNoun	swe	Öbonäs	properNoun	nor
Öckerö kommun	properNoun	swe	Öckerö kommune	properNoun	nor
Öckerö	properNoun	swe	Öckerö	properNoun	nor
Ödeborg	properNoun	swe	Ödeborg	properNoun	nor
Ödeshögs kommun	properNoun	swe	Ödeshög kommune	properNoun	nor
Ödsmål	properNoun	swe	Ödsmål	properNoun	nor
Ödåkra	properNoun	swe	Ödåkra	properNoun	nor
Öggestorp	properNoun	swe	Öggestorp	properNoun	nor
Öhringen	properNoun	swe	Öhringen	properNoun	nor
Öjarssjön	properNoun	swe	Öjarssjön	properNoun	nor
Öjersjö	properNoun	swe	Öjersjö	properNoun	nor
Öland	properNoun	swe	Öland	properNoun	nor
Ölberg	properNoun	swe	Ölberg	properNoun	nor
Öljaren	properNoun	swe	Öljaren	properNoun	nor
Ölmanäs	properNoun	swe	Ölmanäs	properNoun	nor
Ölmbrotorp	properNoun	swe	Ölmbrotorp	properNoun	nor
Ölme	properNoun	swe	Ölme	properNoun	nor
Ölmstad	properNoun	swe	Ölmstad	properNoun	nor
Önnestad	properNoun	swe	Önnestad	properNoun	nor
Öran	properNoun	swe	Öran	properNoun	nor
Örebro kommun	properNoun	swe	Örebro kommune	properNoun	nor
Örebro län	properNoun	swe	Örebro län	properNoun	nor
Öregrund	properNoun	swe	Öregrund	properNoun	nor
Örekilsälven	properNoun	swe	Örekilsälven	properNoun	nor
Öresund	properNoun	swe	Øresund	properNoun	nor
Öresundsförbindelsen	properNoun	swe	Øresundbrua	properNoun	nor
Öresundsförbindelsen	properNoun	swe	Øresundsforbindelsen	properNoun	nor
Öresundstullen	properNoun	swe	Øresundstollen	properNoun	nor
Öresundstullen	properNoun	swe	Øresundtollen	properNoun	nor
Öreälven	properNoun	swe	Öreälven	properNoun	nor
Örgryte	properNoun	swe	Örgryte	properNoun	nor
Öringesjön	properNoun	swe	Öringesjön	properNoun	nor
Örkelljunga kommun	properNoun	swe	Örkelljunga kommune	properNoun	nor
Örkelljunga	properNoun	swe	Örkelljunga	properNoun	nor
Örlogsstaden Karlskrona	properNoun	swe	Karlskrona med Karlskronavarvet	properNoun	nor
Örlogsstaden Karlskrona	properNoun	swe	Orlogsbyen Karlskrona	properNoun	nor
Örnsköldsvik	properNoun	swe	Örnsköldsvik	properNoun	nor
Örnsköldsviks kommun	properNoun	swe	Örnsköldsvik kommune	properNoun	nor
Örserum	properNoun	swe	Örserum	properNoun	nor
Örsjö	properNoun	swe	Örsjö	properNoun	nor
Örslösa	properNoun	swe	Örslösa	properNoun	nor
Örsundsbro	properNoun	swe	Örsundsbro	properNoun	nor
Örsö	properNoun	swe	Örsö	properNoun	nor
Örtagården	properNoun	swe	Örtagården	properNoun	nor
Örtze	properNoun	swe	Örtze	properNoun	nor
Örviken	properNoun	swe	Örviken	properNoun	nor
Öræfajökull	properNoun	swe	Öræfajökull	properNoun	nor
Ösmo	properNoun	swe	Ösmo	properNoun	nor
Östadkulle	properNoun	swe	Östadkulle	properNoun	nor
Östansjö	properNoun	swe	Östansjö	properNoun	nor
Östanå	properNoun	swe	Östanå	properNoun	nor
Östavall	properNoun	swe	Östavall	properNoun	nor
Östberlin	properNoun	swe	Aust-Berlin	properNoun	nor
Östberlin	properNoun	swe	Øst-Berlin	properNoun	nor
Österberg	properNoun	swe	Österberg	properNoun	nor
Österbotten	properNoun	swe	Österbotten	properNoun	nor
Österby	properNoun	swe	Österby	properNoun	nor
Österbybruk	properNoun	swe	Österbybruk	properNoun	nor
Österbymo	properNoun	swe	Österbymo	properNoun	nor
Österdalälven	properNoun	swe	Österdalälven	properNoun	nor
Österforse	properNoun	swe	Österforse	properNoun	nor
Österfärnebo	properNoun	swe	Österfärnebo	properNoun	nor
Östergötland	properNoun	swe	Östergötland	properNoun	nor
Östergötlands län	properNoun	swe	Östergötlands län	properNoun	nor
Österslöv	properNoun	swe	Österslöv	properNoun	nor
Österstad	properNoun	swe	Österstad	properNoun	nor
Östersund	properNoun	swe	Östersund	properNoun	nor
Östersunds kommun	properNoun	swe	Östersund kommune	properNoun	nor
Östervåla	properNoun	swe	Östervåla	properNoun	nor
Österåkers kommun	properNoun	swe	Österåker kommune	properNoun	nor
Östflandern	properNoun	swe	Aust-Flandern	properNoun	nor
Östflandern	properNoun	swe	Øst-Flandern	properNoun	nor
Östhammar	properNoun	swe	Östhammar	properNoun	nor
Östhammars kommun	properNoun	swe	Östhammar kommune	properNoun	nor
Östhamra	properNoun	swe	Östhamra	properNoun	nor
Östkazakstan	properNoun	swe	Aust-Kasakhstan	properNoun	nor
Östkinesiska havet	properNoun	swe	Austkinahavet	properNoun	nor
Östkinesiska havet	properNoun	swe	Østkinahavet	properNoun	nor
Östmark	properNoun	swe	Östmark	properNoun	nor
Östnor	properNoun	swe	Östnor	properNoun	nor
Östra Bispgården	properNoun	swe	Östra Bispgården	properNoun	nor
Östra England	properNoun	swe	Aust-England	properNoun	nor
Östra England	properNoun	swe	Øst-England	properNoun	nor
Östra Frölunda	properNoun	swe	Östra Frölunda	properNoun	nor
Östra Grevie	properNoun	swe	Östra Grevie	properNoun	nor
Östra Göinge kommun	properNoun	swe	Östra Göinge kommune	properNoun	nor
Östra Husby	properNoun	swe	Östra Husby	properNoun	nor
Östra Jerusalem	properNoun	swe	Aust-Jerusalem	properNoun	nor
Östra Jerusalem	properNoun	swe	Øst-Jerusalem	properNoun	nor
Östra Karup	properNoun	swe	Östra Karup	properNoun	nor
Östra Ljungby	properNoun	swe	Östra Ljungby	properNoun	nor
Östra Makedonien och Thrakien	properNoun	swe	Aust-Makedonía og Thráki	properNoun	nor
Östra Makedonien och Thrakien	properNoun	swe	Øst-Makedonia og Thrakia	properNoun	nor
Östra Ryd	properNoun	swe	Östra Ryd	properNoun	nor
Östra Sönnarslöv	properNoun	swe	Östra Sönnarslöv	properNoun	nor
Östra Tommarp	properNoun	swe	Östra Tommarp	properNoun	nor
Östra Vemmerlöv	properNoun	swe	Östra Vemmerlöv	properNoun	nor
Östra Örträsk	properNoun	swe	Östra Örträsk	properNoun	nor
Östringen	properNoun	swe	Östringen	properNoun	nor
Östtyskland	properNoun	swe	Austtyskland	properNoun	nor
Ötztalalperna	properNoun	swe	Ötztal-Alpene	properNoun	nor
Ötztalalperna	properNoun	swe	Ötztaleralpane	properNoun	nor
Överhörnäs	properNoun	swe	Överhörnäs	properNoun	nor
Överkalix kommun	properNoun	swe	Överkalix kommune	properNoun	nor
Överkalix	properNoun	swe	Överkalix	properNoun	nor
Överlida	properNoun	swe	Överlida	properNoun	nor
Övertorneå kommun	properNoun	swe	Övertorneå kommune	properNoun	nor
Övertorneå	properNoun	swe	Övertorneå	properNoun	nor
Överum	properNoun	swe	Överum	properNoun	nor
Övre Egypten	properNoun	swe	Øvre Egypt	properNoun	nor
Övre Rudasjön	properNoun	swe	Övre Rudasjön	properNoun	nor
Övre Soppero	properNoun	swe	Övre Soppero	properNoun	nor
Övre sjön	properNoun	swe	Lake Superior	properNoun	nor
Övre sjön	properNoun	swe	Øvresjøen	properNoun	nor
Öxabäck	properNoun	swe	Öxabäck	properNoun	nor
Öxará	properNoun	swe	Öxará	properNoun	nor
Öxeryd	properNoun	swe	Öxeryd	properNoun	nor
Öyes stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Øye stavkirke	properNoun	nor
Öyes stavkyrka	properNoun	swe	Øye stavkyrkje	properNoun	nor
Ødis	properNoun	swe	Ødis	properNoun	nor
Ølfjellet	properNoun	swe	Ølfjellet	properNoun	nor
Ølfjellet	properNoun	swe	Ørfjellet	properNoun	nor
Øre	properNoun	swe	Øre	properNoun	nor
Ørlands flygplats	properNoun	swe	Ørland lufthamn	properNoun	nor
Ørlands flygplats	properNoun	swe	Ørland lufthavn	properNoun	nor
Ørnfjorden	properNoun	swe	Ørnfjorden	properNoun	nor
Ørslev	properNoun	swe	Ørslev	properNoun	nor
Ørum	properNoun	swe	Ørum	properNoun	nor
Østbanestasjonen	properNoun	swe	Oslo Austbanestasjon	properNoun	nor
Østbanestasjonen	properNoun	swe	Østbanestasjonen	properNoun	nor
Øster Farimagsgade	properNoun	swe	Øster Farimagsgade	properNoun	nor
Øster Søgade	properNoun	swe	Øster Søgade	properNoun	nor
Øster Voldgade	properNoun	swe	Øster Voldgade	properNoun	nor
Østerbrogade	properNoun	swe	Østerbrogade	properNoun	nor
Østerby	properNoun	swe	Østerby	properNoun	nor
Østergade	properNoun	swe	Østergade	properNoun	nor
Østerild	properNoun	swe	Østerild	properNoun	nor
Østerskær	properNoun	swe	Østerskær	properNoun	nor
Østfold fylke	properNoun	swe	Østfold fylke	properNoun	nor
Østhusvik	properNoun	swe	Østhusvik	properNoun	nor
Austlandet	properNoun	swe	Austlandet	properNoun	nor
Austlandet	properNoun	swe	Østlandet	properNoun	nor
Østlandet	properNoun	swe	Austlandet	properNoun	nor
Østlandet	properNoun	swe	Østlandet	properNoun	nor
Østre Anlæg	properNoun	swe	Østre Anlæg	properNoun	nor
Østre Toten	properNoun	swe	Østre Toten	properNoun	nor
Østrup	properNoun	swe	Østrup	properNoun	nor
Øvre Anárjohka nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Øvre Anárjohka nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Øvre Dividal nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Øvre Dividal nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Øvre Eiker	properNoun	swe	Øvre Eiker	properNoun	nor
Øvre Pasvik nationalpark	properNoun	swe	Øvre Pasvik nasjonalpark	properNoun	nor
Øvrevoll galoppbana	properNoun	swe	Øvrevoll Galoppbane	properNoun	nor
Øydeholmen	properNoun	swe	Øydeholmen	properNoun	nor
Øyenkilen	properNoun	swe	Øyenkilen	properNoun	nor
Øystre Slidre	properNoun	swe	Øystre Slidre	properNoun	nor
Ústí nad Labem	properNoun	swe	Ústí nad Labem	properNoun	nor
Überlingen	properNoun	swe	Überlingen	properNoun	nor
Ülemistesjön	properNoun	swe	Ülemistesjøen	properNoun	nor
Ürümqi	properNoun	swe	Ürümqi	properNoun	nor
Þingvallavatn	properNoun	swe	Þingvallavatn	properNoun	nor
Þingvellir	properNoun	swe	Þingvellir	properNoun	nor
Þjórsá	properNoun	swe	Þjórsá	properNoun	nor
Þórisvatn	properNoun	swe	Þórisvatn	properNoun	nor
Ćeotina	properNoun	swe	Ćehotina	properNoun	nor
İskenderun	properNoun	swe	İskenderun	properNoun	nor
İstanbul	properNoun	swe	İstanbul	properNoun	nor
İzmit	properNoun	swe	İzmit	properNoun	nor
İznik	properNoun	swe	İznik	properNoun	nor
Łobez	properNoun	swe	Łobez	properNoun	nor
Łyna	properNoun	swe	Łyna	properNoun	nor
Łódź vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Łódź-voivodskapet	properNoun	nor
Łódź vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Łódź voivodskap	properNoun	nor
Łódź	properNoun	swe	Łódź	properNoun	nor
Ślęza	properNoun	swe	Ślęza	properNoun	nor
Ślęża	properNoun	swe	Ślęża	properNoun	nor
Śniardwy	properNoun	swe	Śniardwy	properNoun	nor
Świdnica	properNoun	swe	Świdnica	properNoun	nor
Świdnik	properNoun	swe	Świdnik	properNoun	nor
Świna	properNoun	swe	Świna	properNoun	nor
Świnoujście	properNoun	swe	Świnoujście	properNoun	nor
Świętochłowice	properNoun	swe	Świętochłowice	properNoun	nor
Święty Krzyż vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Helligkorsvoivodskapet	properNoun	nor
Święty Krzyż vojvodskap	properNoun	swe	Święty Krzyż-voivodskapet	properNoun	nor
Şanlıurfa	properNoun	swe	Şanlıurfa	properNoun	nor
Şırnak	properNoun	swe	Şırnak	properNoun	nor
Żabbar	properNoun	swe	Żabbar	properNoun	nor
Ḩarastā	properNoun	swe	Harasta	properNoun	nor
‘Irbīn	properNoun	swe	Arbin	properNoun	nor
7. juni-plassen	properNoun	swe	7. juni-plassen	properNoun	nor
Abbediengen terrasse	properNoun	swe	Abbediengen terrasse	properNoun	nor
Abbediengveien	properNoun	swe	Abbediengveien	properNoun	nor
Abbedikollen	properNoun	swe	Abbedikollen	properNoun	nor
Abbedisvingen	properNoun	swe	Abbedisvingen	properNoun	nor
Abc-veien	properNoun	swe	Abc-veien	properNoun	nor
Abels gate	properNoun	swe	Abels gate	properNoun	nor
Abildgaards gate	properNoun	swe	Abildgaards gate	properNoun	nor
Abildsøfaret	properNoun	swe	Abildsøfaret	properNoun	nor
Abildsøveien	properNoun	swe	Abildsøveien	properNoun	nor
Absalon Beyers gate	properNoun	swe	Absalon Beyers gate	properNoun	nor
A. C. Lies gate	properNoun	swe	A. C. Lies gate	properNoun	nor
Adalveien	properNoun	swe	Adalveien	properNoun	nor
Adam Hiorths vei	properNoun	swe	Adam Hiorths vei	properNoun	nor
Adamsrødveien	properNoun	swe	Adamsrødveien	properNoun	nor
Adjunkt Dørums gate	properNoun	swe	Adjunkt Dørums gate	properNoun	nor
Adlers gate	properNoun	swe	Adlers gate	properNoun	nor
Admiral Børresens vei	properNoun	swe	Admiral Børresens vei	properNoun	nor
Admiralveien	properNoun	swe	Admiralveien	properNoun	nor
Adolf Hedins vei	properNoun	swe	Adolf Hedins vei	properNoun	nor
Adolf Hougs veg	properNoun	swe	Adolf Hougs veg	properNoun	nor
Adolph Bergs vei	properNoun	swe	Adolph Bergs vei	properNoun	nor
Adventveien	properNoun	swe	Adventveien	properNoun	nor
Advokat Dehlis plass	properNoun	swe	Advokat Dehlis plass	properNoun	nor
Aftersvingen	properNoun	swe	Aftersvingen	properNoun	nor
Agathe Grøndahls gate	properNoun	swe	Agathe Grøndahls gate	properNoun	nor
Agdergata	properNoun	swe	Agdergata	properNoun	nor
Aglapsvika	properNoun	swe	Aglapsvika	properNoun	nor
Agmund Bolts vei	properNoun	swe	Agmund Bolts vei	properNoun	nor
Agnes Mowinckels gate	properNoun	swe	Agnes Mowinckels gate	properNoun	nor
Agnes Thorsens plass	properNoun	swe	Agnes Thorsens plass	properNoun	nor
Agnes vei	properNoun	swe	Agnes vei	properNoun	nor
Agronomveien	properNoun	swe	Agronomveien	properNoun	nor
Ahlefeldts gate	properNoun	swe	Ahlefeldts gate	properNoun	nor
Akebakkeskogen	properNoun	swe	Akebakkeskogen	properNoun	nor
Akerlia	properNoun	swe	Akerlia	properNoun	nor
Akersborg terrasse	properNoun	swe	Akersborg terrasse	properNoun	nor
Akershusstranda	properNoun	swe	Akershusstranda	properNoun	nor
Akersveien	properNoun	swe	Akersveien	properNoun	nor
Akevittsvingen	properNoun	swe	Akevittsvingen	properNoun	nor
Aksels gate	properNoun	swe	Aksels gate	properNoun	nor
Akslabakken	properNoun	swe	Akslabakken	properNoun	nor
Albatrossveien	properNoun	swe	Albatrossveien	properNoun	nor
Albert Nordengens plass	properNoun	swe	Albert Nordengens plass	properNoun	nor
Alette Iversensgate	properNoun	swe	Alette Iversensgate	properNoun	nor
Alexander Kiellands plass	properNoun	swe	Alexander Kiellands plass	properNoun	nor
Alexander Kiellands veg	properNoun	swe	Alexander Kiellands veg	properNoun	nor
Alfarvegen	properNoun	swe	Alfarvegen	properNoun	nor
Alfaset 1. industrivei	properNoun	swe	Alfaset 1. industrivei	properNoun	nor
Alfaset 2. industrivei	properNoun	swe	Alfaset 2. industrivei	properNoun	nor
Alfaset 3. industrivei	properNoun	swe	Alfaset 3. industrivei	properNoun	nor
Alfasetveien	properNoun	swe	Alfasetveien	properNoun	nor
Alf Bjerckes vei	properNoun	swe	Alf Bjerckes vei	properNoun	nor
Alf Bondes veg	properNoun	swe	Alf Bondes veg	properNoun	nor
Alf Mjøens veg	properNoun	swe	Alf Mjøens veg	properNoun	nor
Alf Prøysensveg	properNoun	swe	Alf Prøysensveg	properNoun	nor
Alf Prøysens vei	properNoun	swe	Alf Prøysens vei	properNoun	nor
Alfr Andersens gate	properNoun	swe	Alfr Andersens gate	properNoun	nor
Alfred Groruds vei	properNoun	swe	Alfred Groruds vei	properNoun	nor
Alfred Offerdals vei	properNoun	swe	Alfred Offerdals vei	properNoun	nor
Algeveien	properNoun	swe	Algeveien	properNoun	nor
Alkeveien	properNoun	swe	Alkeveien	properNoun	nor
Allébakken	properNoun	swe	Allébakken	properNoun	nor
Allégaten	properNoun	swe	Allégaten	properNoun	nor
Allehelgens gate	properNoun	swe	Allehelgens gate	properNoun	nor
Allestadhaugen	properNoun	swe	Allestadhaugen	properNoun	nor
Allestadveien	properNoun	swe	Allestadveien	properNoun	nor
Almandinveien	properNoun	swe	Almandinveien	properNoun	nor
Almelandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Almelandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Almelien	properNoun	swe	Almelien	properNoun	nor
Almenning	properNoun	swe	Almenning	properNoun	nor
Almeveien	properNoun	swe	Almeveien	properNoun	nor
Almåsdalen	properNoun	swe	Almåsdalen	properNoun	nor
Almåsgrenda	properNoun	swe	Almåsgrenda	properNoun	nor
Almåshaugane	properNoun	swe	Almåshaugane	properNoun	nor
Almåslia	properNoun	swe	Almåslia	properNoun	nor
Almåsrinden	properNoun	swe	Almåsrinden	properNoun	nor
Almåsvegen	properNoun	swe	Almåsvegen	properNoun	nor
Alnabruveien	properNoun	swe	Alnabruveien	properNoun	nor
Alnafetgata	properNoun	swe	Alnafetgata	properNoun	nor
Alnagata	properNoun	swe	Alnagata	properNoun	nor
Alnaparkveien	properNoun	swe	Alnaparkveien	properNoun	nor
Alnes	properNoun	swe	Alnes	properNoun	nor
Alnes	properNoun	swe	Alnes	properNoun	nor
Altonagaten	properNoun	swe	Altonagaten	properNoun	nor
Alundamveien	properNoun	swe	Alundamveien	properNoun	nor
Alunsjøveien	properNoun	swe	Alunsjøveien	properNoun	nor
Alvehaugen	properNoun	swe	Alvehaugen	properNoun	nor
Alveveien	properNoun	swe	Alveveien	properNoun	nor
Alvheimveien	properNoun	swe	Alvheimveien	properNoun	nor
Alvøens Skol vei	properNoun	swe	Alvøens Skol vei	properNoun	nor
Alvøveien	properNoun	swe	Alvøveien	properNoun	nor
Amagerveien	properNoun	swe	Amagerveien	properNoun	nor
Amaldus Nielsens plass	properNoun	swe	Amaldus Nielsens plass	properNoun	nor
Amalie Skrams vei	properNoun	swe	Amalie Skrams vei	properNoun	nor
Amandusveien	properNoun	swe	Amandusveien	properNoun	nor
Ambrosia Tønnesens plass	properNoun	swe	Ambrosia Tønnesens plass	properNoun	nor
Ametystvegen	properNoun	swe	Ametystvegen	properNoun	nor
Ammerudgrenda	properNoun	swe	Ammerudgrenda	properNoun	nor
Ammerudhellinga	properNoun	swe	Ammerudhellinga	properNoun	nor
Ammerudveien	properNoun	swe	Ammerudveien	properNoun	nor
Amtmann Furus plass	properNoun	swe	Amtmann Furus plass	properNoun	nor
Amtmann Hammers gate	properNoun	swe	Amtmann Hammers gate	properNoun	nor
Amtmann Kroghs gate	properNoun	swe	Amtmann Kroghs gate	properNoun	nor
Amtmann Leths gate	properNoun	swe	Amtmann Leths gate	properNoun	nor
Amtmann Meinichs gate	properNoun	swe	Amtmann Meinichs gate	properNoun	nor
Amtmannvegen	properNoun	swe	Amtmannvegen	properNoun	nor
Amundbergan	properNoun	swe	Amundbergan	properNoun	nor
Amund Hellands vei	properNoun	swe	Amund Hellands vei	properNoun	nor
Amunds vei	properNoun	swe	Amunds vei	properNoun	nor
Andebu sentrum	properNoun	swe	Andebu sentrum	properNoun	nor
Andebuveien	properNoun	swe	Andebuveien	properNoun	nor
Anders Larsens gate	properNoun	swe	Anders Larsens gate	properNoun	nor
Anders Madsens gate	properNoun	swe	Anders Madsens gate	properNoun	nor
Anders Rørholts vei	properNoun	swe	Anders Rørholts vei	properNoun	nor
Anders Sandvigs veg	properNoun	swe	Anders Sandvigs veg	properNoun	nor
Anders Winsvolds vei	properNoun	swe	Anders Winsvolds vei	properNoun	nor
Andholmen	properNoun	swe	Andholmen	properNoun	nor
Andreas Gjellesviks veg	properNoun	swe	Andreas Gjellesviks veg	properNoun	nor
Andreas Kremmers vei	properNoun	swe	Andreas Kremmers vei	properNoun	nor
Andreas Nygaards vei	properNoun	swe	Andreas Nygaards vei	properNoun	nor
Andres Haugmoens vei	properNoun	swe	Andres Haugmoens vei	properNoun	nor
Andrine Trulsruds vei	properNoun	swe	Andrine Trulsruds vei	properNoun	nor
Anemoneveien	properNoun	swe	Anemoneveien	properNoun	nor
Anevegen	properNoun	swe	Anevegen	properNoun	nor
Anfinn Brekkes vei	properNoun	swe	Anfinn Brekkes vei	properNoun	nor
Angjelaveien	properNoun	swe	Angjelaveien	properNoun	nor
Anholttoppen	properNoun	swe	Anholttoppen	properNoun	nor
Anholtveien	properNoun	swe	Anholtveien	properNoun	nor
Anillaveien	properNoun	swe	Anillaveien	properNoun	nor
Ankersgate	properNoun	swe	Ankersgate	properNoun	nor
Ankersvingen	properNoun	swe	Ankersvingen	properNoun	nor
Ankerveien	properNoun	swe	Ankerveien	properNoun	nor
Anna Colbjørnsdatters gate	properNoun	swe	Anna Colbjørnsdatters gate	properNoun	nor
Anna Kreftings vei	properNoun	swe	Anna Kreftings vei	properNoun	nor
Anna Pleyms vei	properNoun	swe	Anna Pleyms vei	properNoun	nor
Anna Rogstads vei	properNoun	swe	Anna Rogstads vei	properNoun	nor
Anna Sethnes gate	properNoun	swe	Anna Sethnes gate	properNoun	nor
Annas vei	properNoun	swe	Annas vei	properNoun	nor
Anne Brannfjelds vei	properNoun	swe	Anne Brannfjelds vei	properNoun	nor
Anne Kures sti	properNoun	swe	Anne Kures sti	properNoun	nor
Anne Mariesvei	properNoun	swe	Anne Mariesvei	properNoun	nor
Anne Maries vei	properNoun	swe	Anne Maries vei	properNoun	nor
Annette Thommessens plass	properNoun	swe	Annette Thommessens plass	properNoun	nor
Annikveien	properNoun	swe	Annikveien	properNoun	nor
Ansgar Sørlies vei	properNoun	swe	Ansgar Sørlies vei	properNoun	nor
Antenneveien	properNoun	swe	Antenneveien	properNoun	nor
Anthon Bangs gate	properNoun	swe	Anthon Bangs gate	properNoun	nor
Anthon Walles	properNoun	swe	Anthon Walles	properNoun	nor
Anton Jenssens gate	properNoun	swe	Anton Jenssens gate	properNoun	nor
Anton Schjøths gate	properNoun	swe	Anton Schjøths gate	properNoun	nor
Anton Silsands vei	properNoun	swe	Anton Silsands vei	properNoun	nor
Anton Tschudis vei	properNoun	swe	Anton Tschudis vei	properNoun	nor
Apal	properNoun	swe	Apal	properNoun	nor
Apalløkkveien	properNoun	swe	Apalløkkveien	properNoun	nor
Apalveien	properNoun	swe	Apalveien	properNoun	nor
Apeltunhaugene	properNoun	swe	Apeltunhaugene	properNoun	nor
Apeltunlien	properNoun	swe	Apeltunlien	properNoun	nor
Apeltunveien	properNoun	swe	Apeltunveien	properNoun	nor
Apolloveien	properNoun	swe	Apolloveien	properNoun	nor
Apotekarvegen	properNoun	swe	Apotekarvegen	properNoun	nor
Apotekergata	properNoun	swe	Apotekergata	properNoun	nor
Apoteker Aas gate	properNoun	swe	Apoteker Aas gate	properNoun	nor
Arbeiderboligen	properNoun	swe	Arbeiderboligen	properNoun	nor
Arbeidergata	properNoun	swe	Arbeidergata	properNoun	nor
Arbeidergaten	properNoun	swe	Arbeidergaten	properNoun	nor
Arbeiderplassen	properNoun	swe	Arbeiderplassen	properNoun	nor
Arbeidersamfunnets plass	properNoun	swe	Arbeidersamfunnets plass	properNoun	nor
Arbeidersmauet	properNoun	swe	Arbeidersmauet	properNoun	nor
Arbins gate	properNoun	swe	Arbins gate	properNoun	nor
Arbos gate	properNoun	swe	Arbos gate	properNoun	nor
Arctanders gate	properNoun	swe	Arctanders gate	properNoun	nor
Arendalsgata	properNoun	swe	Arendalsgata	properNoun	nor
Argentitten	properNoun	swe	Argentitten	properNoun	nor
Arhaugen	properNoun	swe	Arhaugen	properNoun	nor
Ariels vei	properNoun	swe	Ariels vei	properNoun	nor
Arilds vei	properNoun	swe	Arilds vei	properNoun	nor
Arildsvingen	properNoun	swe	Arildsvingen	properNoun	nor
Arkitekt Rivertz' plass	properNoun	swe	Arkitekt Rivertz' plass	properNoun	nor
Arkitekt Steckmests vei	properNoun	swe	Arkitekt Steckmests vei	properNoun	nor
Armauer Hansens gate	properNoun	swe	Armauer Hansens gate	properNoun	nor
Armauer Hansens vei	properNoun	swe	Armauer Hansens vei	properNoun	nor
Armgaden	properNoun	swe	Armgaden	properNoun	nor
Arnakkveien	properNoun	swe	Arnakkveien	properNoun	nor
Arnanipa	properNoun	swe	Arnanipa	properNoun	nor
Arnatveitlia	properNoun	swe	Arnatveitlia	properNoun	nor
Arnatveitvegen	properNoun	swe	Arnatveitvegen	properNoun	nor
Arnavegen	properNoun	swe	Arnavegen	properNoun	nor
Arne Abrahamsens vei	properNoun	swe	Arne Abrahamsens vei	properNoun	nor
Arnebråtveien	properNoun	swe	Arnebråtveien	properNoun	nor
Arne Garborgs gate	properNoun	swe	Arne Garborgs gate	properNoun	nor
Arne Garborgs plass	properNoun	swe	Arne Garborgs plass	properNoun	nor
Arne Garborgs vei	properNoun	swe	Arne Garborgs vei	properNoun	nor
Arne Gjestis plass	properNoun	swe	Arne Gjestis plass	properNoun	nor
Arnemannsveien	properNoun	swe	Arnemannsveien	properNoun	nor
Arnesenga	properNoun	swe	Arnesenga	properNoun	nor
Arnes vei	properNoun	swe	Arnes vei	properNoun	nor
Arne Ulstrups vei	properNoun	swe	Arne Ulstrups vei	properNoun	nor
Arnljot Gellines vei	properNoun	swe	Arnljot Gellines vei	properNoun	nor
Arno Bergs plass	properNoun	swe	Arno Bergs plass	properNoun	nor
Arnoldus Reimers' gate	properNoun	swe	Arnoldus Reimers' gate	properNoun	nor
Arnstein Arnebergs vei	properNoun	swe	Arnstein Arnebergs vei	properNoun	nor
Arnulf Øverlands vei	properNoun	swe	Arnulf Øverlands vei	properNoun	nor
Arthur Nordlies vei	properNoun	swe	Arthur Nordlies vei	properNoun	nor
Arups gate	properNoun	swe	Arups gate	properNoun	nor
Arvesetveien	properNoun	swe	Arvesetveien	properNoun	nor
Arvid Storsveens plass	properNoun	swe	Arvid Storsveens plass	properNoun	nor
Asalveien	properNoun	swe	Asalveien	properNoun	nor
Asaveien	properNoun	swe	Asaveien	properNoun	nor
Asbjørnbakken	properNoun	swe	Asbjørnbakken	properNoun	nor
Asbjørnsens gate	properNoun	swe	Asbjørnsens gate	properNoun	nor
Asbjørnsens vei	properNoun	swe	Asbjørnsens vei	properNoun	nor
Aschehougs vei	properNoun	swe	Aschehougs vei	properNoun	nor
Asdalstrand	properNoun	swe	Asdalstrand	properNoun	nor
Asdalveien	properNoun	swe	Asdalveien	properNoun	nor
Askehaugveien	properNoun	swe	Askehaugveien	properNoun	nor
Askekroken	properNoun	swe	Askekroken	properNoun	nor
Askeladden	properNoun	swe	Askeladden	properNoun	nor
Askeladdvegen	properNoun	swe	Askeladdvegen	properNoun	nor
Askeladdveien	properNoun	swe	Askeladdveien	properNoun	nor
Askelysveien	properNoun	swe	Askelysveien	properNoun	nor
Askergata	properNoun	swe	Askergata	properNoun	nor
Askeveien	properNoun	swe	Askeveien	properNoun	nor
Askjemveien	properNoun	swe	Askjemveien	properNoun	nor
Askliveien	properNoun	swe	Askliveien	properNoun	nor
Askveien	properNoun	swe	Askveien	properNoun	nor
Askvikaveien	properNoun	swe	Askvikaveien	properNoun	nor
Askøyveien	properNoun	swe	Askøyveien	properNoun	nor
Aslakveien	properNoun	swe	Aslakveien	properNoun	nor
Aslaug Vaas veg	properNoun	swe	Aslaug Vaas veg	properNoun	nor
Asnesodden	properNoun	swe	Asnesodden	properNoun	nor
Asnespynten	properNoun	swe	Asnespynten	properNoun	nor
Asnestoppen	properNoun	swe	Asnestoppen	properNoun	nor
Asnesveien	properNoun	swe	Asnesveien	properNoun	nor
Asnesåsen	properNoun	swe	Asnesåsen	properNoun	nor
Aspehaugveien	properNoun	swe	Aspehaugveien	properNoun	nor
Aspelundveien	properNoun	swe	Aspelundveien	properNoun	nor
Asperudlia	properNoun	swe	Asperudlia	properNoun	nor
Asperudtoppen	properNoun	swe	Asperudtoppen	properNoun	nor
Asperudveien	properNoun	swe	Asperudveien	properNoun	nor
Asperudåsen	properNoun	swe	Asperudåsen	properNoun	nor
Aspestien	properNoun	swe	Aspestien	properNoun	nor
Aspeveien	properNoun	swe	Aspeveien	properNoun	nor
Astreaveien	properNoun	swe	Astreaveien	properNoun	nor
Astrids veg	properNoun	swe	Astrids veg	properNoun	nor
Astrids vei	properNoun	swe	Astrids vei	properNoun	nor
Astrups gate	properNoun	swe	Astrups gate	properNoun	nor
Astrups vei	properNoun	swe	Astrups vei	properNoun	nor
Astrupvegen	properNoun	swe	Astrupvegen	properNoun	nor
Asvallveien	properNoun	swe	Asvallveien	properNoun	nor
Asylgata	properNoun	swe	Asylgata	properNoun	nor
Asylplassen	properNoun	swe	Asylplassen	properNoun	nor
Asylsmauet	properNoun	swe	Asylsmauet	properNoun	nor
Atlanterhav	properNoun	swe	Atlanterhav	properNoun	nor
Atles vei	properNoun	swe	Atles vei	properNoun	nor
Auberts gate	properNoun	swe	Auberts gate	properNoun	nor
Auglend	properNoun	swe	Auglend	properNoun	nor
August Cappelens gate	properNoun	swe	August Cappelens gate	properNoun	nor
Aukravegen	properNoun	swe	Aukravegen	properNoun	nor
Aulerødveien	properNoun	swe	Aulerødveien	properNoun	nor
Aulesjord	properNoun	swe	Aulesjord	properNoun	nor
Aulilundveien	properNoun	swe	Aulilundveien	properNoun	nor
Auliveien	properNoun	swe	Auliveien	properNoun	nor
Aur	properNoun	swe	Aur	properNoun	nor
Aurdalslia	properNoun	swe	Aurdalslia	properNoun	nor
Aurskoggata	properNoun	swe	Aurskoggata	properNoun	nor
Aurvåg	properNoun	swe	Aurvåg	properNoun	nor
Austeens veg	properNoun	swe	Austeens veg	properNoun	nor
Austlia	properNoun	swe	Austlia	properNoun	nor
Austliveien	properNoun	swe	Austliveien	properNoun	nor
Austmannali	properNoun	swe	Austmannali	properNoun	nor
Austre Sagstadvegen	properNoun	swe	Austre Sagstadvegen	properNoun	nor
Austre Solheia	properNoun	swe	Austre Solheia	properNoun	nor
Austre Steinsvikåsen	properNoun	swe	Austre Steinsvikåsen	properNoun	nor
Austre Vindsvik	properNoun	swe	Austre Vindsvik	properNoun	nor
Austrevågen	properNoun	swe	Austrevågen	properNoun	nor
Austteigane	properNoun	swe	Austteigane	properNoun	nor
Auveveien	properNoun	swe	Auveveien	properNoun	nor
Avlangruds vei	properNoun	swe	Avlangruds vei	properNoun	nor
Avstikkeren	properNoun	swe	Avstikkeren	properNoun	nor
Axel Brinchs vei	properNoun	swe	Axel Brinchs vei	properNoun	nor
Axel Flinders vei	properNoun	swe	Axel Flinders vei	properNoun	nor
Axel Huitfeldts vei	properNoun	swe	Axel Huitfeldts vei	properNoun	nor
Axel Maurers vei	properNoun	swe	Axel Maurers vei	properNoun	nor
Badebakken	properNoun	swe	Badebakken	properNoun	nor
Badehusgaden	properNoun	swe	Badehusgaden	properNoun	nor
Badehusgaten	properNoun	swe	Badehusgaten	properNoun	nor
Badeparken	properNoun	swe	Badeparken	properNoun	nor
Badeveien	properNoun	swe	Badeveien	properNoun	nor
Badstugata	properNoun	swe	Badstugata	properNoun	nor
Badstustredet	properNoun	swe	Badstustredet	properNoun	nor
Baglerfaret	properNoun	swe	Baglerfaret	properNoun	nor
Baglergaten	properNoun	swe	Baglergaten	properNoun	nor
Baglerstredet	properNoun	swe	Baglerstredet	properNoun	nor
Bahusstraumen	properNoun	swe	Bahusstraumen	properNoun	nor
Bahustræet	properNoun	swe	Bahustræet	properNoun	nor
Bakersmauet	properNoun	swe	Bakersmauet	properNoun	nor
Bakkedalen	properNoun	swe	Bakkedalen	properNoun	nor
Bakkegata	properNoun	swe	Bakkegata	properNoun	nor
Bakkegaten	properNoun	swe	Bakkegaten	properNoun	nor
Bakkehaugveien	properNoun	swe	Bakkehaugveien	properNoun	nor
Bakkenveien	properNoun	swe	Bakkenveien	properNoun	nor
Bakkeplassen	properNoun	swe	Bakkeplassen	properNoun	nor
Bakkerudveien	properNoun	swe	Bakkerudveien	properNoun	nor
Bakkesmauet	properNoun	swe	Bakkesmauet	properNoun	nor
Bakkestumpen	properNoun	swe	Bakkestumpen	properNoun	nor
Bakketoppen	properNoun	swe	Bakketoppen	properNoun	nor
Bakkeveien	properNoun	swe	Bakkeveien	properNoun	nor
Baklia	properNoun	swe	Baklia	properNoun	nor
Baksmet	properNoun	swe	Baksmet	properNoun	nor
Bakstefløya	properNoun	swe	Bakstefløya	properNoun	nor
Bakveien	properNoun	swe	Bakveien	properNoun	nor
Balane	properNoun	swe	Balane	properNoun	nor
Balchens gate	properNoun	swe	Balchens gate	properNoun	nor
Balders gate	properNoun	swe	Balders gate	properNoun	nor
Balders veg	properNoun	swe	Balders veg	properNoun	nor
Baldersvei	properNoun	swe	Baldersvei	properNoun	nor
Balders vei	properNoun	swe	Balders vei	properNoun	nor
Ballblomveien	properNoun	swe	Ballblomveien	properNoun	nor
Ballerud allé	properNoun	swe	Ballerud allé	properNoun	nor
Ballplassveien	properNoun	swe	Ballplassveien	properNoun	nor
Baltsfjordveien	properNoun	swe	Baltsfjordveien	properNoun	nor
Bambleveien	properNoun	swe	Bambleveien	properNoun	nor
Bamsefaret	properNoun	swe	Bamsefaret	properNoun	nor
Bamseveien	properNoun	swe	Bamseveien	properNoun	nor
Banaveien	properNoun	swe	Banaveien	properNoun	nor
Bandyveien	properNoun	swe	Bandyveien	properNoun	nor
Banebakken	properNoun	swe	Banebakken	properNoun	nor
Banehaugskogen	properNoun	swe	Banehaugskogen	properNoun	nor
Banehaugvegen	properNoun	swe	Banehaugvegen	properNoun	nor
Baneveien	properNoun	swe	Baneveien	properNoun	nor
Baneåsen	properNoun	swe	Baneåsen	properNoun	nor
Bankbakken	properNoun	swe	Bankbakken	properNoun	nor
Bankgaten	properNoun	swe	Bankgaten	properNoun	nor
Bankplassen	properNoun	swe	Bankplassen	properNoun	nor
Banksjef Frølichs gate	properNoun	swe	Banksjef Frølichs gate	properNoun	nor
Bankvegen	properNoun	swe	Bankvegen	properNoun	nor
Bankveien	properNoun	swe	Bankveien	properNoun	nor
Banuren	properNoun	swe	Banuren	properNoun	nor
Barkaleitet	properNoun	swe	Barkaleitet	properNoun	nor
Barkgata	properNoun	swe	Barkgata	properNoun	nor
Barkveien	properNoun	swe	Barkveien	properNoun	nor
Barkåkerveien	properNoun	swe	Barkåkerveien	properNoun	nor
Barlindkroken	properNoun	swe	Barlindkroken	properNoun	nor
Barlindveien	properNoun	swe	Barlindveien	properNoun	nor
Barliveien	properNoun	swe	Barliveien	properNoun	nor
Barmsveien	properNoun	swe	Barmsveien	properNoun	nor
Barnehjemsveien	properNoun	swe	Barnehjemsveien	properNoun	nor
Barnålveien	properNoun	swe	Barnålveien	properNoun	nor
Barthsbakke	properNoun	swe	Barthsbakke	properNoun	nor
Barveien	properNoun	swe	Barveien	properNoun	nor
Basaltveien	properNoun	swe	Basaltveien	properNoun	nor
Basbergveien	properNoun	swe	Basbergveien	properNoun	nor
Bassenggata	properNoun	swe	Bassenggata	properNoun	nor
Bassengparkvegen	properNoun	swe	Bassengparkvegen	properNoun	nor
Bassengvegen	properNoun	swe	Bassengvegen	properNoun	nor
Bassengveien	properNoun	swe	Bassengveien	properNoun	nor
Bastian Dahls gate	properNoun	swe	Bastian Dahls gate	properNoun	nor
Bastian Widths gate	properNoun	swe	Bastian Widths gate	properNoun	nor
Bastli	properNoun	swe	Bastli	properNoun	nor
Batteriveien	properNoun	swe	Batteriveien	properNoun	nor
Baugste	properNoun	swe	Baugste	properNoun	nor
Baugtveitvegen	properNoun	swe	Baugtveitvegen	properNoun	nor
Bauneveien	properNoun	swe	Bauneveien	properNoun	nor
Bautansgården	properNoun	swe	Bautansgården	properNoun	nor
Bautaveien	properNoun	swe	Bautaveien	properNoun	nor
Bautz gate	properNoun	swe	Bautz gate	properNoun	nor
Beates vei	properNoun	swe	Beates vei	properNoun	nor
Beddingen	properNoun	swe	Beddingen	properNoun	nor
Bedehussmauet	properNoun	swe	Bedehussmauet	properNoun	nor
Bedriftsveien	properNoun	swe	Bedriftsveien	properNoun	nor
Behrens' gate	properNoun	swe	Behrens' gate	properNoun	nor
Beinskjæra	properNoun	swe	Beinskjæra	properNoun	nor
Beintegata	properNoun	swe	Beintegata	properNoun	nor
Beiteveien	properNoun	swe	Beiteveien	properNoun	nor
Beitla	properNoun	swe	Beitla	properNoun	nor
Bekkasinveien	properNoun	swe	Bekkasinveien	properNoun	nor
Bekkedokk	properNoun	swe	Bekkedokk	properNoun	nor
Bekkefaret	properNoun	swe	Bekkefaret	properNoun	nor
Bekkegata	properNoun	swe	Bekkegata	properNoun	nor
Bekkegata	properNoun	swe	Bekkegata	properNoun	nor
Bekkegrenda	properNoun	swe	Bekkegrenda	properNoun	nor
Bekkelagskaia	properNoun	swe	Bekkelagskaia	properNoun	nor
Bekkelagsterrassen	properNoun	swe	Bekkelagsterrassen	properNoun	nor
Bekkelagsveien	properNoun	swe	Bekkelagsveien	properNoun	nor
Bekkelibakken	properNoun	swe	Bekkelibakken	properNoun	nor
Bekkelikroken	properNoun	swe	Bekkelikroken	properNoun	nor
Bekkelistubben	properNoun	swe	Bekkelistubben	properNoun	nor
Bekkeliveien	properNoun	swe	Bekkeliveien	properNoun	nor
Bekkenstenveien	properNoun	swe	Bekkenstenveien	properNoun	nor
Bekkestien	properNoun	swe	Bekkestien	properNoun	nor
Bekkestredet	properNoun	swe	Bekkestredet	properNoun	nor
Bekkesvingen	properNoun	swe	Bekkesvingen	properNoun	nor
Bekketjønnveien	properNoun	swe	Bekketjønnveien	properNoun	nor
Bekketomten	properNoun	swe	Bekketomten	properNoun	nor
Bekkevarveien	properNoun	swe	Bekkevarveien	properNoun	nor
Bekkeveien	properNoun	swe	Bekkeveien	properNoun	nor
Bekkevollvegen	properNoun	swe	Bekkevollvegen	properNoun	nor
Bekkevollveien	properNoun	swe	Bekkevollveien	properNoun	nor
Bekkjarvikveien	properNoun	swe	Bekkjarvikveien	properNoun	nor
Bekkåsveien	properNoun	swe	Bekkåsveien	properNoun	nor
Beles vei	properNoun	swe	Beles vei	properNoun	nor
Belgerudveien	properNoun	swe	Belgerudveien	properNoun	nor
Bellevuebakken	properNoun	swe	Bellevuebakken	properNoun	nor
Bellgården	properNoun	swe	Bellgården	properNoun	nor
Belsetstien	properNoun	swe	Belsetstien	properNoun	nor
Bendiksklev	properNoun	swe	Bendiksklev	properNoun	nor
Bendixens vei	properNoun	swe	Bendixens vei	properNoun	nor
Benedikts vei	properNoun	swe	Benedikts vei	properNoun	nor
Benneches gate	properNoun	swe	Benneches gate	properNoun	nor
Benshaugen	properNoun	swe	Benshaugen	properNoun	nor
Bent Billes vei	properNoun	swe	Bent Billes vei	properNoun	nor
Bentnesveien	properNoun	swe	Bentnesveien	properNoun	nor
Bentsebrugata	properNoun	swe	Bentsebrugata	properNoun	nor
Bentsegata	properNoun	swe	Bentsegata	properNoun	nor
Bentserødveien	properNoun	swe	Bentserødveien	properNoun	nor
Benveien	properNoun	swe	Benveien	properNoun	nor
Berberisveien	properNoun	swe	Berberisveien	properNoun	nor
Bergadal	properNoun	swe	Bergadal	properNoun	nor
Berganodden	properNoun	swe	Berganodden	properNoun	nor
Berganstranda	properNoun	swe	Berganstranda	properNoun	nor
Berganveien	properNoun	swe	Berganveien	properNoun	nor
Bergeland	properNoun	swe	Bergeland	properNoun	nor
Bergeløkka	properNoun	swe	Bergeløkka	properNoun	nor
Bergendalsveien	properNoun	swe	Bergendalsveien	properNoun	nor
Bergensgata	properNoun	swe	Bergensgata	properNoun	nor
Bergensveien	properNoun	swe	Bergensveien	properNoun	nor
Bergerstien	properNoun	swe	Bergerstien	properNoun	nor
Bergeveien	properNoun	swe	Bergeveien	properNoun	nor
Berggrenda	properNoun	swe	Berggrenda	properNoun	nor
Berghallveien	properNoun	swe	Berghallveien	properNoun	nor
Bergheimveien	properNoun	swe	Bergheimveien	properNoun	nor
Berghoffveien	properNoun	swe	Berghoffveien	properNoun	nor
Berghusvegen	properNoun	swe	Berghusvegen	properNoun	nor
Bergitte Ruuds vei	properNoun	swe	Bergitte Ruuds vei	properNoun	nor
Bergknappen	properNoun	swe	Bergknappen	properNoun	nor
Bergkrystallen	properNoun	swe	Bergkrystallen	properNoun	nor
Bergliveien	properNoun	swe	Bergliveien	properNoun	nor
Bergljots vei	properNoun	swe	Bergljots vei	properNoun	nor
Berglyveien	properNoun	swe	Berglyveien	properNoun	nor
Bergmannsveien	properNoun	swe	Bergmannsveien	properNoun	nor
Bergmovegen	properNoun	swe	Bergmovegen	properNoun	nor
Bergrådveien	properNoun	swe	Bergrådveien	properNoun	nor
Bergsalléen	properNoun	swe	Bergsalléen	properNoun	nor
Bergsbakken	properNoun	swe	Bergsbakken	properNoun	nor
Bergslia	properNoun	swe	Bergslia	properNoun	nor
Bergsliens gate	properNoun	swe	Bergsliens gate	properNoun	nor
Bergstien	properNoun	swe	Bergstien	properNoun	nor
Bergstien	properNoun	swe	Bergstien	properNoun	nor
Bergsveien	properNoun	swe	Bergsveien	properNoun	nor
Bergsvik	properNoun	swe	Bergsvik	properNoun	nor
Bergsvingen	properNoun	swe	Bergsvingen	properNoun	nor
Bergtunvegen	properNoun	swe	Bergtunvegen	properNoun	nor
Bergtunveien	properNoun	swe	Bergtunveien	properNoun	nor
Bergvegen	properNoun	swe	Bergvegen	properNoun	nor
Bergveien	properNoun	swe	Bergveien	properNoun	nor
Bergverksgata	properNoun	swe	Bergverksgata	properNoun	nor
Berlegården	properNoun	swe	Berlegården	properNoun	nor
Bernhard Getz' gate	properNoun	swe	Bernhard Getz' gate	properNoun	nor
Bernhard Herres vei	properNoun	swe	Bernhard Herres vei	properNoun	nor
Bernhard Lunds vei	properNoun	swe	Bernhard Lunds vei	properNoun	nor
Bernhard Meyers vei	properNoun	swe	Bernhard Meyers vei	properNoun	nor
Bernhusveien	properNoun	swe	Bernhusveien	properNoun	nor
Bernstorffstredet	properNoun	swe	Bernstorffstredet	properNoun	nor
Bernt Ankers gate	properNoun	swe	Bernt Ankers gate	properNoun	nor
Bernt Knudsens vei	properNoun	swe	Bernt Knudsens vei	properNoun	nor
Berta Bråtens vei	properNoun	swe	Berta Bråtens vei	properNoun	nor
Bertes vei	properNoun	swe	Bertes vei	properNoun	nor
Bertramjordet	properNoun	swe	Bertramjordet	properNoun	nor
Bertrand Narvesens vei	properNoun	swe	Bertrand Narvesens vei	properNoun	nor
Bervens løkke	properNoun	swe	Bervens løkke	properNoun	nor
Bestemorstien	properNoun	swe	Bestemorstien	properNoun	nor
Bestum skolevei	properNoun	swe	Bestum skolevei	properNoun	nor
Bestumstubben	properNoun	swe	Bestumstubben	properNoun	nor
Bestum tverrvei	properNoun	swe	Bestum tverrvei	properNoun	nor
Bestumveien	properNoun	swe	Bestumveien	properNoun	nor
Bestumåsen	properNoun	swe	Bestumåsen	properNoun	nor
Betzy Kjelsbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Betzy Kjelsbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Beverkollen	properNoun	swe	Beverkollen	properNoun	nor
Bevermyra	properNoun	swe	Bevermyra	properNoun	nor
Beverstubben	properNoun	swe	Beverstubben	properNoun	nor
Beverveien	properNoun	swe	Beverveien	properNoun	nor
Bidenkaps gate	properNoun	swe	Bidenkaps gate	properNoun	nor
Biellumveien	properNoun	swe	Biellumveien	properNoun	nor
Biermanns gate	properNoun	swe	Biermanns gate	properNoun	nor
Bieveien	properNoun	swe	Bieveien	properNoun	nor
Bikuben	properNoun	swe	Bikuben	properNoun	nor
Biletkåsa	properNoun	swe	Biletkåsa	properNoun	nor
Bilittkroken	properNoun	swe	Bilittkroken	properNoun	nor
Billeveien	properNoun	swe	Billeveien	properNoun	nor
Bindersen	properNoun	swe	Bindersen	properNoun	nor
Binneveien	properNoun	swe	Binneveien	properNoun	nor
Birch-Reichenwalds gate	properNoun	swe	Birch-Reichenwalds gate	properNoun	nor
Birger Hatlebakks veg	properNoun	swe	Birger Hatlebakks veg	properNoun	nor
Birger Olivers vei	properNoun	swe	Birger Olivers vei	properNoun	nor
Birger Ruuds vei	properNoun	swe	Birger Ruuds vei	properNoun	nor
Birger Aaneruds vei	properNoun	swe	Birger Aaneruds vei	properNoun	nor
Birgitte Hammers vei	properNoun	swe	Birgitte Hammers vei	properNoun	nor
Birigata	properNoun	swe	Birigata	properNoun	nor
Birkebeinergaten	properNoun	swe	Birkebeinergaten	properNoun	nor
Birkebeingata	properNoun	swe	Birkebeingata	properNoun	nor
Birkelandsbotn	properNoun	swe	Birkelandsbotn	properNoun	nor
Birkelandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Birkelandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Birkelundsbakken	properNoun	swe	Birkelundsbakken	properNoun	nor
Birkeveien	properNoun	swe	Birkeveien	properNoun	nor
Biskop Grimelunds vei	properNoun	swe	Biskop Grimelunds vei	properNoun	nor
Biskop Gunnerus' gate	properNoun	swe	Biskop Gunnerus' gate	properNoun	nor
Biskop Heuchs vei	properNoun	swe	Biskop Heuchs vei	properNoun	nor
Biskop Jens Nilssøns gate	properNoun	swe	Biskop Jens Nilssøns gate	properNoun	nor
Biskopshavn	properNoun	swe	Biskopshavn	properNoun	nor
Biskopstien	properNoun	swe	Biskopstien	properNoun	nor
Bislettgata	properNoun	swe	Bislettgata	properNoun	nor
Bislett plass	properNoun	swe	Bislett plass	properNoun	nor
Bispealmenningen	properNoun	swe	Bispealmenningen	properNoun	nor
Bispebakken	properNoun	swe	Bispebakken	properNoun	nor
Bispegata	properNoun	swe	Bispegata	properNoun	nor
Bispeluelia	properNoun	swe	Bispeluelia	properNoun	nor
Bispengsgaten	properNoun	swe	Bispengsgaten	properNoun	nor
Bispeveien	properNoun	swe	Bispeveien	properNoun	nor
Bisp Eysteins gate	properNoun	swe	Bisp Eysteins gate	properNoun	nor
Bisp Nikolas' gate	properNoun	swe	Bisp Nikolas' gate	properNoun	nor
Bjarne Hurlens vei	properNoun	swe	Bjarne Hurlens vei	properNoun	nor
Bjarne Skaus vei	properNoun	swe	Bjarne Skaus vei	properNoun	nor
Bjartveien	properNoun	swe	Bjartveien	properNoun	nor
Bjellandveien	properNoun	swe	Bjellandveien	properNoun	nor
Bjerggaden	properNoun	swe	Bjerggaden	properNoun	nor
Bjerggata	properNoun	swe	Bjerggata	properNoun	nor
Bjerkastien	properNoun	swe	Bjerkastien	properNoun	nor
Bjerkealleen	properNoun	swe	Bjerkealleen	properNoun	nor
Bjerkealléen	properNoun	swe	Bjerkealléen	properNoun	nor
Bjerkebakken	properNoun	swe	Bjerkebakken	properNoun	nor
Bjerkefaret	properNoun	swe	Bjerkefaret	properNoun	nor
Bjerkehaugen	properNoun	swe	Bjerkehaugen	properNoun	nor
Bjerkeholtet	properNoun	swe	Bjerkeholtet	properNoun	nor
Bjerkekroken	properNoun	swe	Bjerkekroken	properNoun	nor
Bjerkelia	properNoun	swe	Bjerkelia	properNoun	nor
Bjerkeliveien	properNoun	swe	Bjerkeliveien	properNoun	nor
Bjerkelundgata	properNoun	swe	Bjerkelundgata	properNoun	nor
Bjerkelundstien	properNoun	swe	Bjerkelundstien	properNoun	nor
Bjerkelundsveien	properNoun	swe	Bjerkelundsveien	properNoun	nor
Bjerkestien	properNoun	swe	Bjerkestien	properNoun	nor
Bjerkesvingen	properNoun	swe	Bjerkesvingen	properNoun	nor
Bjerkeveien	properNoun	swe	Bjerkeveien	properNoun	nor
Bjerkoddveien	properNoun	swe	Bjerkoddveien	properNoun	nor
Bjerksethveien	properNoun	swe	Bjerksethveien	properNoun	nor
Bjerkåsen	properNoun	swe	Bjerkåsen	properNoun	nor
Bjerregårds gate	properNoun	swe	Bjerregårds gate	properNoun	nor
Bjerregaards gate	properNoun	swe	Bjerregaards gate	properNoun	nor
Bjerringbakken	properNoun	swe	Bjerringbakken	properNoun	nor
Bjorøyveien	properNoun	swe	Bjorøyveien	properNoun	nor
Bjureveien	properNoun	swe	Bjureveien	properNoun	nor
Bjøllebotn	properNoun	swe	Bjøllebotn	properNoun	nor
Bjølsengata	properNoun	swe	Bjølsengata	properNoun	nor
Bjønnahaugen	properNoun	swe	Bjønnahaugen	properNoun	nor
Bjønnan	properNoun	swe	Bjønnan	properNoun	nor
Bjønner'n	properNoun	swe	Bjønner'n	properNoun	nor
Bjønnliveien	properNoun	swe	Bjønnliveien	properNoun	nor
Bjønnsberg	properNoun	swe	Bjønnsberg	properNoun	nor
Bjønnveien	properNoun	swe	Bjønnveien	properNoun	nor
Bjørga	properNoun	swe	Bjørga	properNoun	nor
Bjørgebrekken	properNoun	swe	Bjørgebrekken	properNoun	nor
Bjørgedalen	properNoun	swe	Bjørgedalen	properNoun	nor
Bjørgefaret	properNoun	swe	Bjørgefaret	properNoun	nor
Bjørgegrend	properNoun	swe	Bjørgegrend	properNoun	nor
Bjørgelien	properNoun	swe	Bjørgelien	properNoun	nor
Bjørgeveien	properNoun	swe	Bjørgeveien	properNoun	nor
Bjørkebakken	properNoun	swe	Bjørkebakken	properNoun	nor
Bjørkedalen	properNoun	swe	Bjørkedalen	properNoun	nor
Bjørkehavna	properNoun	swe	Bjørkehavna	properNoun	nor
Bjørkelia	properNoun	swe	Bjørkelia	properNoun	nor
Bjørkelien	properNoun	swe	Bjørkelien	properNoun	nor
Bjørkeliveien	properNoun	swe	Bjørkeliveien	properNoun	nor
Bjørkesnaret	properNoun	swe	Bjørkesnaret	properNoun	nor
Bjørkestien	properNoun	swe	Bjørkestien	properNoun	nor
Bjørkevegen	properNoun	swe	Bjørkevegen	properNoun	nor
Bjørkeveien	properNoun	swe	Bjørkeveien	properNoun	nor
Bjørkfinkvegen	properNoun	swe	Bjørkfinkvegen	properNoun	nor
Bjørkhaugen	properNoun	swe	Bjørkhaugen	properNoun	nor
Bjørklia	properNoun	swe	Bjørklia	properNoun	nor
Bjørklund	properNoun	swe	Bjørklund	properNoun	nor
Bjørklunds gate	properNoun	swe	Bjørklunds gate	properNoun	nor
Bjørn Bondes vei	properNoun	swe	Bjørn Bondes vei	properNoun	nor
Bjørndalsbakken	properNoun	swe	Bjørndalsbakken	properNoun	nor
Bjørndalsbrotet	properNoun	swe	Bjørndalsbrotet	properNoun	nor
Bjørndalsgrend	properNoun	swe	Bjørndalsgrend	properNoun	nor
Bjørndalsskogen	properNoun	swe	Bjørndalsskogen	properNoun	nor
Bjørndalsstølen	properNoun	swe	Bjørndalsstølen	properNoun	nor
Bjørndalstjørnet	properNoun	swe	Bjørndalstjørnet	properNoun	nor
Bjørndalsveien	properNoun	swe	Bjørndalsveien	properNoun	nor
Bjørnebærstien	properNoun	swe	Bjørnebærstien	properNoun	nor
Bjørnebæråsen	properNoun	swe	Bjørnebæråsen	properNoun	nor
Bjørnefaret	properNoun	swe	Bjørnefaret	properNoun	nor
Bjørnegårdssvingen	properNoun	swe	Bjørnegårdssvingen	properNoun	nor
Bjørnehaugsveien	properNoun	swe	Bjørnehaugsveien	properNoun	nor
Bjørnehiet	properNoun	swe	Bjørnehiet	properNoun	nor
Bjørnekollen	properNoun	swe	Bjørnekollen	properNoun	nor
Bjørnemosen	properNoun	swe	Bjørnemosen	properNoun	nor
Bjørnemyrsveien	properNoun	swe	Bjørnemyrsveien	properNoun	nor
Bjørnerabben	properNoun	swe	Bjørnerabben	properNoun	nor
Bjørnerudveien	properNoun	swe	Bjørnerudveien	properNoun	nor
Bjørnestrand	properNoun	swe	Bjørnestrand	properNoun	nor
Bjørneveien	properNoun	swe	Bjørneveien	properNoun	nor
Bjørn Farmanns gate	properNoun	swe	Bjørn Farmanns gate	properNoun	nor
Bjørnheimveien	properNoun	swe	Bjørnheimveien	properNoun	nor
Bjørn Lies vei	properNoun	swe	Bjørn Lies vei	properNoun	nor
Bjørn Magnussons vei	properNoun	swe	Bjørn Magnussons vei	properNoun	nor
Bjørns gate	properNoun	swe	Bjørns gate	properNoun	nor
Bjørnslettstubben	properNoun	swe	Bjørnslettstubben	properNoun	nor
Bjørnslettveien	properNoun	swe	Bjørnslettveien	properNoun	nor
Bjørnsløypet	properNoun	swe	Bjørnsløypet	properNoun	nor
Bjørnsons gate	properNoun	swe	Bjørnsons gate	properNoun	nor
Bjørnsons vei	properNoun	swe	Bjørnsons vei	properNoun	nor
Bjørnstadbakken	properNoun	swe	Bjørnstadbakken	properNoun	nor
Bjørn Stallares vei	properNoun	swe	Bjørn Stallares vei	properNoun	nor
Bjørnstjerne Bjørnsons plass	properNoun	swe	Bjørnstjerne Bjørnsons plass	properNoun	nor
Bjørnstjerne Bjørnsons veg	properNoun	swe	Bjørnstjerne Bjørnsons veg	properNoun	nor
Bjørnstjerne Bjørnsons vei	properNoun	swe	Bjørnstjerne Bjørnsons vei	properNoun	nor
Bjørnsvebakken	properNoun	swe	Bjørnsvebakken	properNoun	nor
Bjørnsvelia	properNoun	swe	Bjørnsvelia	properNoun	nor
Bjørnsvikveien	properNoun	swe	Bjørnsvikveien	properNoun	nor
Bjørnveien	properNoun	swe	Bjørnveien	properNoun	nor
Bjørnåsveien	properNoun	swe	Bjørnåsveien	properNoun	nor
Bjørsetalléen	properNoun	swe	Bjørsetalléen	properNoun	nor
Bjørsetbovegen	properNoun	swe	Bjørsetbovegen	properNoun	nor
Bjørsetsletta	properNoun	swe	Bjørsetsletta	properNoun	nor
Bjørumveien	properNoun	swe	Bjørumveien	properNoun	nor
Blakhammar	properNoun	swe	Blakhammar	properNoun	nor
Blakkens vei	properNoun	swe	Blakkens vei	properNoun	nor
Blehrsgate	properNoun	swe	Blehrsgate	properNoun	nor
Bleikvollen	properNoun	swe	Bleikvollen	properNoun	nor
Bleikøya	properNoun	swe	Bleikøya	properNoun	nor
Blekebakken	properNoun	swe	Blekebakken	properNoun	nor
Blekenberg	properNoun	swe	Blekenberg	properNoun	nor
Bleketrappene	properNoun	swe	Bleketrappene	properNoun	nor
Bliksekilveien	properNoun	swe	Bliksekilveien	properNoun	nor
Blikshammer	properNoun	swe	Blikshammer	properNoun	nor
Blindernveien	properNoun	swe	Blindernveien	properNoun	nor
Blindheimsvegen	properNoun	swe	Blindheimsvegen	properNoun	nor
Blinken	properNoun	swe	Blinken	properNoun	nor
Blivgodtvegen	properNoun	swe	Blivgodtvegen	properNoun	nor
Blokkaveien	properNoun	swe	Blokkaveien	properNoun	nor
Blokkebærvegen	properNoun	swe	Blokkebærvegen	properNoun	nor
Bloksbergveien	properNoun	swe	Bloksbergveien	properNoun	nor
Blomdalen	properNoun	swe	Blomdalen	properNoun	nor
Blomlia	properNoun	swe	Blomlia	properNoun	nor
Blommenholmveien	properNoun	swe	Blommenholmveien	properNoun	nor
Bloms gate	properNoun	swe	Bloms gate	properNoun	nor
Blomsterkroken	properNoun	swe	Blomsterkroken	properNoun	nor
Blomstervegen	properNoun	swe	Blomstervegen	properNoun	nor
Blomstølvegen	properNoun	swe	Blomstølvegen	properNoun	nor
Blomvikveien	properNoun	swe	Blomvikveien	properNoun	nor
Blunkerudveien	properNoun	swe	Blunkerudveien	properNoun	nor
Blyberggata	properNoun	swe	Blyberggata	properNoun	nor
Blytts gate	properNoun	swe	Blytts gate	properNoun	nor
Blåbærhaugen	properNoun	swe	Blåbærhaugen	properNoun	nor
Blåbærlia	properNoun	swe	Blåbærlia	properNoun	nor
Blåbærstien	properNoun	swe	Blåbærstien	properNoun	nor
Blåbærsvingen	properNoun	swe	Blåbærsvingen	properNoun	nor
Blåbærveien	properNoun	swe	Blåbærveien	properNoun	nor
Blådalen	properNoun	swe	Blådalen	properNoun	nor
Blåklokkeveien	properNoun	swe	Blåklokkeveien	properNoun	nor
Blåknappen	properNoun	swe	Blåknappen	properNoun	nor
Blåkoll	properNoun	swe	Blåkoll	properNoun	nor
Blåkollveien	properNoun	swe	Blåkollveien	properNoun	nor
Blåkraven	properNoun	swe	Blåkraven	properNoun	nor
Blåmeisvegen	properNoun	swe	Blåmeisvegen	properNoun	nor
Blårudveien	properNoun	swe	Blårudveien	properNoun	nor
Blåsbortveien	properNoun	swe	Blåsbortveien	properNoun	nor
Blåsen	properNoun	swe	Blåsen	properNoun	nor
Blåskjellveien	properNoun	swe	Blåskjellveien	properNoun	nor
Blåsteinveien	properNoun	swe	Blåsteinveien	properNoun	nor
Blaauws vei	properNoun	swe	Blaauws vei	properNoun	nor
Blåveisbakken	properNoun	swe	Blåveisbakken	properNoun	nor
Blåveisstien	properNoun	swe	Blåveisstien	properNoun	nor
Blåvingeveien	properNoun	swe	Blåvingeveien	properNoun	nor
Boalths vei	properNoun	swe	Boalths vei	properNoun	nor
Bodingaden	properNoun	swe	Bodingaden	properNoun	nor
Bodøgata	properNoun	swe	Bodøgata	properNoun	nor
Boecks gate	properNoun	swe	Boecks gate	properNoun	nor
Boga	properNoun	swe	Boga	properNoun	nor
Bogane	properNoun	swe	Bogane	properNoun	nor
Bogenveien	properNoun	swe	Bogenveien	properNoun	nor
Bogerudslyngen	properNoun	swe	Bogerudslyngen	properNoun	nor
Bogerudveien	properNoun	swe	Bogerudveien	properNoun	nor
Bogge	properNoun	swe	Bogge	properNoun	nor
Bogstadveien	properNoun	swe	Bogstadveien	properNoun	nor
Bohrs gate	properNoun	swe	Bohrs gate	properNoun	nor
Bokelundveien	properNoun	swe	Bokelundveien	properNoun	nor
Bokeveien	properNoun	swe	Bokeveien	properNoun	nor
Bokfinkvegen	properNoun	swe	Bokfinkvegen	properNoun	nor
Bokfinkveien	properNoun	swe	Bokfinkveien	properNoun	nor
Boksrud - Minnesund	properNoun	swe	Boksrud - Minnesund	properNoun	nor
Bolette brygge	properNoun	swe	Bolette brygge	properNoun	nor
Bolgaveien	properNoun	swe	Bolgaveien	properNoun	nor
Bollerødveien	properNoun	swe	Bollerødveien	properNoun	nor
Bolsøyvegen	properNoun	swe	Bolsøyvegen	properNoun	nor
Bolteløkka allé	properNoun	swe	Bolteløkka allé	properNoun	nor
Bomstueveien	properNoun	swe	Bomstueveien	properNoun	nor
Bomveien	properNoun	swe	Bomveien	properNoun	nor
Bondelikroken	properNoun	swe	Bondelikroken	properNoun	nor
Bondelisvingen	properNoun	swe	Bondelisvingen	properNoun	nor
Bondelivegen	properNoun	swe	Bondelivegen	properNoun	nor
Bondjordsvingen	properNoun	swe	Bondjordsvingen	properNoun	nor
Bondjordveien	properNoun	swe	Bondjordveien	properNoun	nor
Bonnevies gate	properNoun	swe	Bonnevies gate	properNoun	nor
Bontelabo	properNoun	swe	Bontelabo	properNoun	nor
Bontveitvegen	properNoun	swe	Bontveitvegen	properNoun	nor
Borga	properNoun	swe	Borga	properNoun	nor
Borgatræet	properNoun	swe	Borgatræet	properNoun	nor
Borgegrenda	properNoun	swe	Borgegrenda	properNoun	nor
Borgenbakken	properNoun	swe	Borgenbakken	properNoun	nor
Borgenhaug	properNoun	swe	Borgenhaug	properNoun	nor
Borgensgangen	properNoun	swe	Borgensgangen	properNoun	nor
Borgenveien	properNoun	swe	Borgenveien	properNoun	nor
Borgermester Platous gate	properNoun	swe	Borgermester Platous gate	properNoun	nor
Borger Withs gate	properNoun	swe	Borger Withs gate	properNoun	nor
Borgeskogen	properNoun	swe	Borgeskogen	properNoun	nor
Borgesmauet	properNoun	swe	Borgesmauet	properNoun	nor
Borgestadveien	properNoun	swe	Borgestadveien	properNoun	nor
Borgeveien	properNoun	swe	Borgeveien	properNoun	nor
Borggata	properNoun	swe	Borggata	properNoun	nor
Borghild Spitens vei	properNoun	swe	Borghild Spitens vei	properNoun	nor
Borgveien	properNoun	swe	Borgveien	properNoun	nor
Borkenveien	properNoun	swe	Borkenveien	properNoun	nor
Boroaveien	properNoun	swe	Boroaveien	properNoun	nor
Borregaten	properNoun	swe	Borregaten	properNoun	nor
Borvik	properNoun	swe	Borvik	properNoun	nor
Boråsvegen	properNoun	swe	Boråsvegen	properNoun	nor
Botnane	properNoun	swe	Botnane	properNoun	nor
Botnegaten	properNoun	swe	Botnegaten	properNoun	nor
Botnegrenda	properNoun	swe	Botnegrenda	properNoun	nor
Botnhågveien	properNoun	swe	Botnhågveien	properNoun	nor
Botnlia	properNoun	swe	Botnlia	properNoun	nor
Botnveien	properNoun	swe	Botnveien	properNoun	nor
Botshei	properNoun	swe	Botshei	properNoun	nor
Bottenveien	properNoun	swe	Bottenveien	properNoun	nor
Boyes vei	properNoun	swe	Boyes vei	properNoun	nor
Bradbenken	properNoun	swe	Bradbenken	properNoun	nor
Bradden	properNoun	swe	Bradden	properNoun	nor
Bragerlia	properNoun	swe	Bragerlia	properNoun	nor
Brages vei	properNoun	swe	Brages vei	properNoun	nor
Brageveien	properNoun	swe	Brageveien	properNoun	nor
Brahusvegen	properNoun	swe	Brahusvegen	properNoun	nor
Brakars vei	properNoun	swe	Brakars vei	properNoun	nor
Brakehaugen	properNoun	swe	Brakehaugen	properNoun	nor
Brakestien	properNoun	swe	Brakestien	properNoun	nor
Brakeveien	properNoun	swe	Brakeveien	properNoun	nor
Brambanis vei	properNoun	swe	Brambanis vei	properNoun	nor
Brandals gate	properNoun	swe	Brandals gate	properNoun	nor
Brands vei	properNoun	swe	Brands vei	properNoun	nor
Brandts gate	properNoun	swe	Brandts gate	properNoun	nor
Brannfjellveien	properNoun	swe	Brannfjellveien	properNoun	nor
Brannvaktsgate	properNoun	swe	Brannvaktsgate	properNoun	nor
Brannvaktveien	properNoun	swe	Brannvaktveien	properNoun	nor
Brantenborgveien	properNoun	swe	Brantenborgveien	properNoun	nor
Bratlandsmauet	properNoun	swe	Bratlandsmauet	properNoun	nor
Brattbakken	properNoun	swe	Brattbakken	properNoun	nor
Brattelia	properNoun	swe	Brattelia	properNoun	nor
Bratten Terrasse	properNoun	swe	Bratten Terrasse	properNoun	nor
Brattland	properNoun	swe	Brattland	properNoun	nor
Brattlandsveien	properNoun	swe	Brattlandsveien	properNoun	nor
Brattlia	properNoun	swe	Brattlia	properNoun	nor
Brattlien	properNoun	swe	Brattlien	properNoun	nor
Brattlistubben	properNoun	swe	Brattlistubben	properNoun	nor
Brattlivegen	properNoun	swe	Brattlivegen	properNoun	nor
Brattoddveien	properNoun	swe	Brattoddveien	properNoun	nor
Brattstiås	properNoun	swe	Brattstiås	properNoun	nor
Brattveien	properNoun	swe	Brattveien	properNoun	nor
Brattvollveien	properNoun	swe	Brattvollveien	properNoun	nor
Brattåsen	properNoun	swe	Brattåsen	properNoun	nor
Bredalsmarken	properNoun	swe	Bredalsmarken	properNoun	nor
Bredenbecksmauet	properNoun	swe	Bredenbecksmauet	properNoun	nor
Bredes vei	properNoun	swe	Bredes vei	properNoun	nor
Bredholtveien	properNoun	swe	Bredholtveien	properNoun	nor
Bredochs gate	properNoun	swe	Bredochs gate	properNoun	nor
Bredo Stabells vei	properNoun	swe	Bredo Stabells vei	properNoun	nor
Bredsdorffs gate	properNoun	swe	Bredsdorffs gate	properNoun	nor
Bredsgården	properNoun	swe	Bredsgården	properNoun	nor
Bredtvetveien	properNoun	swe	Bredtvetveien	properNoun	nor
Bregnedraget	properNoun	swe	Bregnedraget	properNoun	nor
Bregnelia	properNoun	swe	Bregnelia	properNoun	nor
Bregnestien	properNoun	swe	Bregnestien	properNoun	nor
Bregneveien	properNoun	swe	Bregneveien	properNoun	nor
Breidablikktunet	properNoun	swe	Breidablikktunet	properNoun	nor
Breidablikkveien	properNoun	swe	Breidablikkveien	properNoun	nor
Breiens vei	properNoun	swe	Breiens vei	properNoun	nor
Breigata	properNoun	swe	Breigata	properNoun	nor
Breiholten	properNoun	swe	Breiholten	properNoun	nor
Breiliaveien	properNoun	swe	Breiliaveien	properNoun	nor
Breiliveien	properNoun	swe	Breiliveien	properNoun	nor
Breimveien	properNoun	swe	Breimveien	properNoun	nor
Breimyra	properNoun	swe	Breimyra	properNoun	nor
Breisand	properNoun	swe	Breisand	properNoun	nor
Breisjåveien	properNoun	swe	Breisjåveien	properNoun	nor
Breisteinvegen	properNoun	swe	Breisteinvegen	properNoun	nor
Breisteinvollen	properNoun	swe	Breisteinvollen	properNoun	nor
Breistølen	properNoun	swe	Breistølen	properNoun	nor
Breistølsveien	properNoun	swe	Breistølsveien	properNoun	nor
Breivikdalen	properNoun	swe	Breivikdalen	properNoun	nor
Breiviken	properNoun	swe	Breiviken	properNoun	nor
Breiviksbakken	properNoun	swe	Breiviksbakken	properNoun	nor
Breivikskjenet	properNoun	swe	Breivikskjenet	properNoun	nor
Breivikstølen	properNoun	swe	Breivikstølen	properNoun	nor
Breiviksveien	properNoun	swe	Breiviksveien	properNoun	nor
Breivikveien	properNoun	swe	Breivikveien	properNoun	nor
Breivollveien	properNoun	swe	Breivollveien	properNoun	nor
Brekk	properNoun	swe	Brekk	properNoun	nor
Brekkaberget	properNoun	swe	Brekkaberget	properNoun	nor
Brekkelia	properNoun	swe	Brekkelia	properNoun	nor
Brekkemyra	properNoun	swe	Brekkemyra	properNoun	nor
Brekkestien	properNoun	swe	Brekkestien	properNoun	nor
Brekketoppen	properNoun	swe	Brekketoppen	properNoun	nor
Brekketunet	properNoun	swe	Brekketunet	properNoun	nor
Brekkeveien	properNoun	swe	Brekkeveien	properNoun	nor
Bremsnesveien	properNoun	swe	Bremsnesveien	properNoun	nor
Brennagrenda	properNoun	swe	Brennagrenda	properNoun	nor
Brennastubben	properNoun	swe	Brennastubben	properNoun	nor
Brennaveien	properNoun	swe	Brennaveien	properNoun	nor
Brenne	properNoun	swe	Brenne	properNoun	nor
Brennejordet	properNoun	swe	Brennejordet	properNoun	nor
Brennerigata	properNoun	swe	Brennerigata	properNoun	nor
Brenneriveien	properNoun	swe	Brenneriveien	properNoun	nor
Brenneveien	properNoun	swe	Brenneveien	properNoun	nor
Brennhaugen	properNoun	swe	Brennhaugen	properNoun	nor
Brentåsveien	properNoun	swe	Brentåsveien	properNoun	nor
Breskehaugsstien	properNoun	swe	Breskehaugsstien	properNoun	nor
Bretterne	properNoun	swe	Bretterne	properNoun	nor
Brettevilles gate	properNoun	swe	Brettevilles gate	properNoun	nor
Briggveien	properNoun	swe	Briggveien	properNoun	nor
Bringebærstien	properNoun	swe	Bringebærstien	properNoun	nor
Brinken	properNoun	swe	Brinken	properNoun	nor
Brinkveien	properNoun	swe	Brinkveien	properNoun	nor
Briskebyveien	properNoun	swe	Briskebyveien	properNoun	nor
Briskeveien	properNoun	swe	Briskeveien	properNoun	nor
Briskeveien	properNoun	swe	Briskeveien	properNoun	nor
Briskåsen	properNoun	swe	Briskåsen	properNoun	nor
Britvegen	properNoun	swe	Britvegen	properNoun	nor
Brobekkveien	properNoun	swe	Brobekkveien	properNoun	nor
Brochbakken	properNoun	swe	Brochbakken	properNoun	nor
Brochmanns gate	properNoun	swe	Brochmanns gate	properNoun	nor
Brochsgate	properNoun	swe	Brochsgate	properNoun	nor
Brodtkorbs gate	properNoun	swe	Brodtkorbs gate	properNoun	nor
Broen	properNoun	swe	Broen	properNoun	nor
Brolandsveien	properNoun	swe	Brolandsveien	properNoun	nor
Bronseveien	properNoun	swe	Bronseveien	properNoun	nor
Bruaåsen	properNoun	swe	Bruaåsen	properNoun	nor
Brubakk	properNoun	swe	Brubakk	properNoun	nor
Brubakken	properNoun	swe	Brubakken	properNoun	nor
Brubakkveien	properNoun	swe	Brubakkveien	properNoun	nor
Brufosstien	properNoun	swe	Brufosstien	properNoun	nor
Brugata	properNoun	swe	Brugata	properNoun	nor
Bruksbakken	properNoun	swe	Bruksbakken	properNoun	nor
Bruksveien	properNoun	swe	Bruksveien	properNoun	nor
Brunas vei	properNoun	swe	Brunas vei	properNoun	nor
Brunestykket	properNoun	swe	Brunestykket	properNoun	nor
Brunstadlia	properNoun	swe	Brunstadlia	properNoun	nor
Brunstadodden	properNoun	swe	Brunstadodden	properNoun	nor
Brunstadveien	properNoun	swe	Brunstadveien	properNoun	nor
Brunsvika	properNoun	swe	Brunsvika	properNoun	nor
Brunsvikveien	properNoun	swe	Brunsvikveien	properNoun	nor
Bruraleitet	properNoun	swe	Bruraleitet	properNoun	nor
Brurastien	properNoun	swe	Brurastien	properNoun	nor
Bruskedalsreset	properNoun	swe	Bruskedalsreset	properNoun	nor
Brusvefaret	properNoun	swe	Brusvefaret	properNoun	nor
Brydedammen	properNoun	swe	Brydedammen	properNoun	nor
Brydedamveien	properNoun	swe	Brydedamveien	properNoun	nor
Brydes gate	properNoun	swe	Brydes gate	properNoun	nor
Brygga	properNoun	swe	Brygga	properNoun	nor
Bryggegaden	properNoun	swe	Bryggegaden	properNoun	nor
Bryggegangen	properNoun	swe	Bryggegangen	properNoun	nor
Bryggegata	properNoun	swe	Bryggegata	properNoun	nor
Bryggekanten	properNoun	swe	Bryggekanten	properNoun	nor
Bryggen	properNoun	swe	Bryggen	properNoun	nor
Bryggesporden	properNoun	swe	Bryggesporden	properNoun	nor
Bryggestredet	properNoun	swe	Bryggestredet	properNoun	nor
Bryggetorget	properNoun	swe	Bryggetorget	properNoun	nor
Bryggevegen	properNoun	swe	Bryggevegen	properNoun	nor
Bryggjedalen	properNoun	swe	Bryggjedalen	properNoun	nor
Bryningsland	properNoun	swe	Bryningsland	properNoun	nor
Brynjeveien	properNoun	swe	Brynjeveien	properNoun	nor
Brynjulf Bulls plass	properNoun	swe	Brynjulf Bulls plass	properNoun	nor
Brynnveien	properNoun	swe	Brynnveien	properNoun	nor
Brynsalléen	properNoun	swe	Brynsalléen	properNoun	nor
Brynsengfaret	properNoun	swe	Brynsengfaret	properNoun	nor
Brynsengveien	properNoun	swe	Brynsengveien	properNoun	nor
Brynshøgda	properNoun	swe	Brynshøgda	properNoun	nor
Bryn Skolevei	properNoun	swe	Bryn Skolevei	properNoun	nor
Brynsveien	properNoun	swe	Brynsveien	properNoun	nor
Bryntes vei	properNoun	swe	Bryntes vei	properNoun	nor
Brøggers vei	properNoun	swe	Brøggers vei	properNoun	nor
Brønndalen	properNoun	swe	Brønndalen	properNoun	nor
Brønndalsåsen	properNoun	swe	Brønndalsåsen	properNoun	nor
Brønnfaret	properNoun	swe	Brønnfaret	properNoun	nor
Brønngata	properNoun	swe	Brønngata	properNoun	nor
Brønnstadveien	properNoun	swe	Brønnstadveien	properNoun	nor
Brønnstredet	properNoun	swe	Brønnstredet	properNoun	nor
Brønnumveien	properNoun	swe	Brønnumveien	properNoun	nor
Brønnveien	properNoun	swe	Brønnveien	properNoun	nor
Brøstanesveien	properNoun	swe	Brøstanesveien	properNoun	nor
Bråstadgutua	properNoun	swe	Bråstadgutua	properNoun	nor
Bråstadlia	properNoun	swe	Bråstadlia	properNoun	nor
Bråstadvika	properNoun	swe	Bråstadvika	properNoun	nor
Bråtastien	properNoun	swe	Bråtastien	properNoun	nor
Bråtenalléen	properNoun	swe	Bråtenalléen	properNoun	nor
Bråtenbakken	properNoun	swe	Bråtenbakken	properNoun	nor
Bråtenveien	properNoun	swe	Bråtenveien	properNoun	nor
Bråtet	properNoun	swe	Bråtet	properNoun	nor
Bråtet Terrasse	properNoun	swe	Bråtet Terrasse	properNoun	nor
Bu	properNoun	swe	Bu	properNoun	nor
Buarveien	properNoun	swe	Buarveien	properNoun	nor
Budstikka	properNoun	swe	Budstikka	properNoun	nor
Buengveien	properNoun	swe	Buengveien	properNoun	nor
Buergrenda	properNoun	swe	Buergrenda	properNoun	nor
Buerhagan	properNoun	swe	Buerhagan	properNoun	nor
Buerkollen	properNoun	swe	Buerkollen	properNoun	nor
Buerlia	properNoun	swe	Buerlia	properNoun	nor
Buerskogen	properNoun	swe	Buerskogen	properNoun	nor
Buerstranda	properNoun	swe	Buerstranda	properNoun	nor
Buer terrasse	properNoun	swe	Buer terrasse	properNoun	nor
Buerøya	properNoun	swe	Buerøya	properNoun	nor
Bueråsen	properNoun	swe	Bueråsen	properNoun	nor
Buesvingen	properNoun	swe	Buesvingen	properNoun	nor
Bueveien	properNoun	swe	Bueveien	properNoun	nor
Bugges gate	properNoun	swe	Bugges gate	properNoun	nor
Bugges gate	properNoun	swe	Bugges gate	properNoun	nor
Bugården	properNoun	swe	Bugården	properNoun	nor
Bugårdsbakken	properNoun	swe	Bugårdsbakken	properNoun	nor
Bugårdsgata	properNoun	swe	Bugårdsgata	properNoun	nor
Bugårdstoppen	properNoun	swe	Bugårdstoppen	properNoun	nor
Bugårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Bugårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Bugårdsåsen	properNoun	swe	Bugårdsåsen	properNoun	nor
Bukka	properNoun	swe	Bukka	properNoun	nor
Bukkaskår	properNoun	swe	Bukkaskår	properNoun	nor
Bukkedalsåsen	properNoun	swe	Bukkedalsåsen	properNoun	nor
Bukken Bruses vei	properNoun	swe	Bukken Bruses vei	properNoun	nor
Bukkskinnvika	properNoun	swe	Bukkskinnvika	properNoun	nor
Bulls gate	properNoun	swe	Bulls gate	properNoun	nor
Bunesveien	properNoun	swe	Bunesveien	properNoun	nor
Bunesåsen	properNoun	swe	Bunesåsen	properNoun	nor
Burmaveien	properNoun	swe	Burmaveien	properNoun	nor
Burotveien	properNoun	swe	Burotveien	properNoun	nor
Burudveien	properNoun	swe	Burudveien	properNoun	nor
Buskavegen	properNoun	swe	Buskavegen	properNoun	nor
Buskhellinga	properNoun	swe	Buskhellinga	properNoun	nor
Buskskauen	properNoun	swe	Buskskauen	properNoun	nor
Buskveien	properNoun	swe	Buskveien	properNoun	nor
Buslettveien	properNoun	swe	Buslettveien	properNoun	nor
Busoppveien	properNoun	swe	Busoppveien	properNoun	nor
Bussedalen	properNoun	swe	Bussedalen	properNoun	nor
Buveien	properNoun	swe	Buveien	properNoun	nor
Buvik	properNoun	swe	Buvik	properNoun	nor
Bybru	properNoun	swe	Bybru	properNoun	nor
Byfjellene	properNoun	swe	Byfjellene	properNoun	nor
Byfjord	properNoun	swe	Byfjord	properNoun	nor
Byfogd Bryns vei	properNoun	swe	Byfogd Bryns vei	properNoun	nor
Byfogd Koss gate	properNoun	swe	Byfogd Koss gate	properNoun	nor
Byfogd Motzfeldts gate	properNoun	swe	Byfogd Motzfeldts gate	properNoun	nor
Byfogd Ottesens gate	properNoun	swe	Byfogd Ottesens gate	properNoun	nor
Bygdøy allé	properNoun	swe	Bygdøy allé	properNoun	nor
Bygdøy kapellvei	properNoun	swe	Bygdøy kapellvei	properNoun	nor
Bygdøylund	properNoun	swe	Bygdøylund	properNoun	nor
Bygdøynesveien	properNoun	swe	Bygdøynesveien	properNoun	nor
Bygdøy terrasse	properNoun	swe	Bygdøy terrasse	properNoun	nor
Bygdøyveien	properNoun	swe	Bygdøyveien	properNoun	nor
Byggveien	properNoun	swe	Byggveien	properNoun	nor
Byhaug	properNoun	swe	Byhaug	properNoun	nor
Byklevegen	properNoun	swe	Byklevegen	properNoun	nor
Bülow Hanssens plass	properNoun	swe	Bülow Hanssens plass	properNoun	nor
Byskogstredet	properNoun	swe	Byskogstredet	properNoun	nor
Byskogveien	properNoun	swe	Byskogveien	properNoun	nor
Bytesteinen	properNoun	swe	Bytesteinen	properNoun	nor
Byveien	properNoun	swe	Byveien	properNoun	nor
Bærefjelltunet	properNoun	swe	Bærefjelltunet	properNoun	nor
Bærefjellveien	properNoun	swe	Bærefjellveien	properNoun	nor
Bærløkka	properNoun	swe	Bærløkka	properNoun	nor
Bærumsveien	properNoun	swe	Bærumsveien	properNoun	nor
Bævergrendveien	properNoun	swe	Bævergrendveien	properNoun	nor
Bøbakken	properNoun	swe	Bøbakken	properNoun	nor
Bødtkers gate	properNoun	swe	Bødtkers gate	properNoun	nor
Bøgata	properNoun	swe	Bøgata	properNoun	nor
Bøhmergaten	properNoun	swe	Bøhmergaten	properNoun	nor
Bøjarnesveien	properNoun	swe	Bøjarnesveien	properNoun	nor
Bøkestredet	properNoun	swe	Bøkestredet	properNoun	nor
Bøkeveien	properNoun	swe	Bøkeveien	properNoun	nor
Bøkkerbakken	properNoun	swe	Bøkkerbakken	properNoun	nor
Bøkkergaten	properNoun	swe	Bøkkergaten	properNoun	nor
Bøkkersmauet	properNoun	swe	Bøkkersmauet	properNoun	nor
Bøkkerveien	properNoun	swe	Bøkkerveien	properNoun	nor
Bøkveien	properNoun	swe	Bøkveien	properNoun	nor
Bølerbakken	properNoun	swe	Bølerbakken	properNoun	nor
Bølerlia	properNoun	swe	Bølerlia	properNoun	nor
Bølerskogen	properNoun	swe	Bølerskogen	properNoun	nor
Bølerskrenten	properNoun	swe	Bølerskrenten	properNoun	nor
Bølersletta	properNoun	swe	Bølersletta	properNoun	nor
Bølersvingen	properNoun	swe	Bølersvingen	properNoun	nor
Bølerveien	properNoun	swe	Bølerveien	properNoun	nor
Bøleveien	properNoun	swe	Bøleveien	properNoun	nor
Bølgebakken	properNoun	swe	Bølgebakken	properNoun	nor
Bømlafjord	properNoun	swe	Bømlafjord	properNoun	nor
Bønesberget	properNoun	swe	Bønesberget	properNoun	nor
Bønesheien	properNoun	swe	Bønesheien	properNoun	nor
Bøneslien	properNoun	swe	Bøneslien	properNoun	nor
Bønesskogen	properNoun	swe	Bønesskogen	properNoun	nor
Bønesstranden	properNoun	swe	Bønesstranden	properNoun	nor
Bønesstølen	properNoun	swe	Bønesstølen	properNoun	nor
Børjergrenda	properNoun	swe	Børjergrenda	properNoun	nor
Børjerlia	properNoun	swe	Børjerlia	properNoun	nor
Børrestuveien	properNoun	swe	Børrestuveien	properNoun	nor
Børsteveien	properNoun	swe	Børsteveien	properNoun	nor
Børvenes	properNoun	swe	Børvenes	properNoun	nor
Bøskogen	properNoun	swe	Bøskogen	properNoun	nor
Bøssemakerveien	properNoun	swe	Bøssemakerveien	properNoun	nor
Båhusveien	properNoun	swe	Båhusveien	properNoun	nor
Bålveien	properNoun	swe	Bålveien	properNoun	nor
Bånkallstubben	properNoun	swe	Bånkallstubben	properNoun	nor
Båntjernveien	properNoun	swe	Båntjernveien	properNoun	nor
Bård Skolemesters vei	properNoun	swe	Bård Skolemesters vei	properNoun	nor
Bårds vei	properNoun	swe	Bårds vei	properNoun	nor
Båstadskjæra	properNoun	swe	Båstadskjæra	properNoun	nor
Båtsdalen	properNoun	swe	Båtsdalen	properNoun	nor
Båtsmannsveien	properNoun	swe	Båtsmannsveien	properNoun	nor
Båtstangveien	properNoun	swe	Båtstangveien	properNoun	nor
Båtstøjordet	properNoun	swe	Båtstøjordet	properNoun	nor
C.A. Larsens gate	properNoun	swe	C.A. Larsens gate	properNoun	nor
Calmeyers gate	properNoun	swe	Calmeyers gate	properNoun	nor
Camilla Colletts gate	properNoun	swe	Camilla Colletts gate	properNoun	nor
Camilla Colletts vei	properNoun	swe	Camilla Colletts vei	properNoun	nor
Capellaveien	properNoun	swe	Capellaveien	properNoun	nor
C.A. Pihls gate	properNoun	swe	C.A. Pihls gate	properNoun	nor
Cappelens vei	properNoun	swe	Cappelens vei	properNoun	nor
Cappes vei	properNoun	swe	Cappes vei	properNoun	nor
Capralhaugen	properNoun	swe	Capralhaugen	properNoun	nor
Carl 15 gate	properNoun	swe	Carl 15 gate	properNoun	nor
Carl Berners plass	properNoun	swe	Carl Berners plass	properNoun	nor
Carl Grøndahls vei	properNoun	swe	Carl Grøndahls vei	properNoun	nor
Carl Jeppesens gate	properNoun	swe	Carl Jeppesens gate	properNoun	nor
Carl Johnsens vei	properNoun	swe	Carl Johnsens vei	properNoun	nor
Carl Kjelsens vei	properNoun	swe	Carl Kjelsens vei	properNoun	nor
Carl Konows gate	properNoun	swe	Carl Konows gate	properNoun	nor
Carl Lundgrens vei	properNoun	swe	Carl Lundgrens vei	properNoun	nor
Caroline Øverlands vei	properNoun	swe	Caroline Øverlands vei	properNoun	nor
Carsten Bruuns gate	properNoun	swe	Carsten Bruuns gate	properNoun	nor
Casparis gate	properNoun	swe	Casparis gate	properNoun	nor
Caspar Storms vei	properNoun	swe	Caspar Storms vei	properNoun	nor
Castbergs gate	properNoun	swe	Castbergs gate	properNoun	nor
Cathinka Guldbergs plass	properNoun	swe	Cathinka Guldbergs plass	properNoun	nor
Cathinka Guldbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Cathinka Guldbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Cato Guldbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Cato Guldbergs vei	properNoun	nor
C.A. Torstensens vei	properNoun	swe	C.A. Torstensens vei	properNoun	nor
Cecilienfrydvegen	properNoun	swe	Cecilienfrydvegen	properNoun	nor
Cecilie Thoresens vei	properNoun	swe	Cecilie Thoresens vei	properNoun	nor
Ceres vei	properNoun	swe	Ceres vei	properNoun	nor
Charlotte Andersens vei	properNoun	swe	Charlotte Andersens vei	properNoun	nor
Chr. Christensens plass	properNoun	swe	Chr. Christensens plass	properNoun	nor
Chr. Hvidts plass	properNoun	swe	Chr. Hvidts plass	properNoun	nor
Christen Smiths gate	properNoun	swe	Christen Smiths gate	properNoun	nor
Christian Augusts gate	properNoun	swe	Christian Augusts gate	properNoun	nor
Christian Benneches vei	properNoun	swe	Christian Benneches vei	properNoun	nor
Christian Frederiks plass	properNoun	swe	Christian Frederiks plass	properNoun	nor
Christian Frederiks vei	properNoun	swe	Christian Frederiks vei	properNoun	nor
Christian Fredriks gate	properNoun	swe	Christian Fredriks gate	properNoun	nor
Christiania Torv	properNoun	swe	Christiania Torv	properNoun	nor
Christian IV.des gate	properNoun	swe	Christian IV.des gate	properNoun	nor
Christian Krohgs gate	properNoun	swe	Christian Krohgs gate	properNoun	nor
Christian Michelsens gate	properNoun	swe	Christian Michelsens gate	properNoun	nor
Christian Schous vei	properNoun	swe	Christian Schous vei	properNoun	nor
Christian Sindings vei	properNoun	swe	Christian Sindings vei	properNoun	nor
Christies gate	properNoun	swe	Christies gate	properNoun	nor
Christies vei	properNoun	swe	Christies vei	properNoun	nor
Christinegård	properNoun	swe	Christinegård	properNoun	nor
Christine Strays vei	properNoun	swe	Christine Strays vei	properNoun	nor
Christoffer Hellums vei	properNoun	swe	Christoffer Hellums vei	properNoun	nor
Christopher Hansteens vei	properNoun	swe	Christopher Hansteens vei	properNoun	nor
Christophers vei	properNoun	swe	Christophers vei	properNoun	nor
Chr. Sindings gate	properNoun	swe	Chr. Sindings gate	properNoun	nor
Chr. Skredsvigs vei	properNoun	swe	Chr. Skredsvigs vei	properNoun	nor
C.J. Hambros plass	properNoun	swe	C.J. Hambros plass	properNoun	nor
C. J. Hambros vei	properNoun	swe	C. J. Hambros vei	properNoun	nor
Claes Gills vei	properNoun	swe	Claes Gills vei	properNoun	nor
Clarksgate	properNoun	swe	Clarksgate	properNoun	nor
Claude Monets allé	properNoun	swe	Claude Monets allé	properNoun	nor
Claus Borchs vei	properNoun	swe	Claus Borchs vei	properNoun	nor
Clausenbakken	properNoun	swe	Clausenbakken	properNoun	nor
Claus Fastings gate	properNoun	swe	Claus Fastings gate	properNoun	nor
Claus Frimanns gate	properNoun	swe	Claus Frimanns gate	properNoun	nor
Claus Ockenssmauet	properNoun	swe	Claus Ockenssmauet	properNoun	nor
Claus Riis' gate	properNoun	swe	Claus Riis' gate	properNoun	nor
Clemensallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Clemensallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Clemens' gate	properNoun	swe	Clemens' gate	properNoun	nor
C. N. R. Aamundsens vei	properNoun	swe	C. N. R. Aamundsens vei	properNoun	nor
Cochsgate	properNoun	swe	Cochsgate	properNoun	nor
Colbjørnsens gate	properNoun	swe	Colbjørnsens gate	properNoun	nor
Colbjørnsens gate	properNoun	swe	Colbjørnsens gate	properNoun	nor
Colin Archers gate	properNoun	swe	Colin Archers gate	properNoun	nor
Colletts gate	properNoun	swe	Colletts gate	properNoun	nor
Conrad Clausons vei	properNoun	swe	Conrad Clausons vei	properNoun	nor
Conrad Hemsens vei	properNoun	swe	Conrad Hemsens vei	properNoun	nor
Conradis gate	properNoun	swe	Conradis gate	properNoun	nor
Conradis vei	properNoun	swe	Conradis vei	properNoun	nor
Conrad Mohrs veg	properNoun	swe	Conrad Mohrs veg	properNoun	nor
Cort Adelers gate	properNoun	swe	Cort Adelers gate	properNoun	nor
Cort Piilsmauet	properNoun	swe	Cort Piilsmauet	properNoun	nor
Cortsens gate	properNoun	swe	Cortsens gate	properNoun	nor
C. Sundts gate	properNoun	swe	C. Sundts gate	properNoun	nor
Cudriosgate	properNoun	swe	Cudriosgate	properNoun	nor
Dagalikroken	properNoun	swe	Dagalikroken	properNoun	nor
Dagaliveien	properNoun	swe	Dagaliveien	properNoun	nor
Dag Hammarskjølds vei	properNoun	swe	Dag Hammarskjølds vei	properNoun	nor
Dag Hammarskjölds vei	properNoun	swe	Dag Hammarskjölds vei	properNoun	nor
Dagmarbakken	properNoun	swe	Dagmarbakken	properNoun	nor
Dags vei	properNoun	swe	Dags vei	properNoun	nor
Dahlmyrveien	properNoun	swe	Dahlmyrveien	properNoun	nor
Dalabergan	properNoun	swe	Dalabergan	properNoun	nor
Dalabrekka	properNoun	swe	Dalabrekka	properNoun	nor
Dalastien	properNoun	swe	Dalastien	properNoun	nor
Dalavegen	properNoun	swe	Dalavegen	properNoun	nor
Dalaveien	properNoun	swe	Dalaveien	properNoun	nor
Dalbakkveien	properNoun	swe	Dalbakkveien	properNoun	nor
Dalberg	properNoun	swe	Dalberg	properNoun	nor
Dalborgvegen	properNoun	swe	Dalborgvegen	properNoun	nor
Dalegata	properNoun	swe	Dalegata	properNoun	nor
Dalehaugen	properNoun	swe	Dalehaugen	properNoun	nor
Dalelia	properNoun	swe	Dalelia	properNoun	nor
Dalenveien	properNoun	swe	Dalenveien	properNoun	nor
Dalerudveien	properNoun	swe	Dalerudveien	properNoun	nor
Dalerveien	properNoun	swe	Dalerveien	properNoun	nor
Dalevåg	properNoun	swe	Dalevåg	properNoun	nor
Dalhaugene	properNoun	swe	Dalhaugene	properNoun	nor
Dalheimveien	properNoun	swe	Dalheimveien	properNoun	nor
Dalheimveien	properNoun	swe	Dalheimveien	properNoun	nor
Dalsbergstien	properNoun	swe	Dalsbergstien	properNoun	nor
Dalseid	properNoun	swe	Dalseid	properNoun	nor
Dalsjordevegen	properNoun	swe	Dalsjordevegen	properNoun	nor
Dalskroken	properNoun	swe	Dalskroken	properNoun	nor
Dalsløkka	properNoun	swe	Dalsløkka	properNoun	nor
Dalsnaret	properNoun	swe	Dalsnaret	properNoun	nor
Dalsroa	properNoun	swe	Dalsroa	properNoun	nor
Dalsroaveien	properNoun	swe	Dalsroaveien	properNoun	nor
Dalssvingen	properNoun	swe	Dalssvingen	properNoun	nor
Dalsvegen	properNoun	swe	Dalsvegen	properNoun	nor
Dalsveien	properNoun	swe	Dalsveien	properNoun	nor
Dalsåsen	properNoun	swe	Dalsåsen	properNoun	nor
Dalvikveien	properNoun	swe	Dalvikveien	properNoun	nor
Damfaret	properNoun	swe	Damfaret	properNoun	nor
Damfoss	properNoun	swe	Damfoss	properNoun	nor
Damhaugveien	properNoun	swe	Damhaugveien	properNoun	nor
Damkroken	properNoun	swe	Damkroken	properNoun	nor
Damlihaugen	properNoun	swe	Damlihaugen	properNoun	nor
Damliveien	properNoun	swe	Damliveien	properNoun	nor
Dammaberget	properNoun	swe	Dammaberget	properNoun	nor
Dammanns vei	properNoun	swe	Dammanns vei	properNoun	nor
Damplassen	properNoun	swe	Damplassen	properNoun	nor
Damsgård	properNoun	swe	Damsgård	properNoun	nor
Damsgårdsallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Damsgårdsallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Damsgårdslien	properNoun	swe	Damsgårdslien	properNoun	nor
Damsgårdslunden	properNoun	swe	Damsgårdslunden	properNoun	nor
Damsgårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Damsgårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Damstien	properNoun	swe	Damstien	properNoun	nor
Damstredet	properNoun	swe	Damstredet	properNoun	nor
Damvegen	properNoun	swe	Damvegen	properNoun	nor
Damveien	properNoun	swe	Damveien	properNoun	nor
Damveien	properNoun	swe	Damveien	properNoun	nor
Danakleven	properNoun	swe	Danakleven	properNoun	nor
Danckert Krohns gate	properNoun	swe	Danckert Krohns gate	properNoun	nor
Daniel Barths vei	properNoun	swe	Daniel Barths vei	properNoun	nor
Daniel Hansens gate	properNoun	swe	Daniel Hansens gate	properNoun	nor
Daniel Walstads vei	properNoun	swe	Daniel Walstads vei	properNoun	nor
Danmarks gate	properNoun	swe	Danmarks gate	properNoun	nor
Danmarks plass	properNoun	swe	Danmarks plass	properNoun	nor
Danneskjolds gate	properNoun	swe	Danneskjolds gate	properNoun	nor
Dannevigs gate	properNoun	swe	Dannevigs gate	properNoun	nor
Dannevigsveien	properNoun	swe	Dannevigsveien	properNoun	nor
Darre-Jenssens plass	properNoun	swe	Darre-Jenssens plass	properNoun	nor
Darres gate	properNoun	swe	Darres gate	properNoun	nor
Deichmanns gate	properNoun	swe	Deichmanns gate	properNoun	nor
Deichmans gate	properNoun	swe	Deichmans gate	properNoun	nor
Dekksguttveien	properNoun	swe	Dekksguttveien	properNoun	nor
Delebekken	properNoun	swe	Delebekken	properNoun	nor
Demningen	properNoun	swe	Demningen	properNoun	nor
Diabasgangen	properNoun	swe	Diabasgangen	properNoun	nor
Diakonveien	properNoun	swe	Diakonveien	properNoun	nor
Dicks vei	properNoun	swe	Dicks vei	properNoun	nor
Dietrichs vei	properNoun	swe	Dietrichs vei	properNoun	nor
Digerhaugvegen	properNoun	swe	Digerhaugvegen	properNoun	nor
Digernes	properNoun	swe	Digernes	properNoun	nor
Dikselveien	properNoun	swe	Dikselveien	properNoun	nor
Dikterstien	properNoun	swe	Dikterstien	properNoun	nor
Dildoksvingen	properNoun	swe	Dildoksvingen	properNoun	nor
Diones vei	properNoun	swe	Diones vei	properNoun	nor
Direktør Hammonds vei	properNoun	swe	Direktør Hammonds vei	properNoun	nor
Direktør Helgesens vei	properNoun	swe	Direktør Helgesens vei	properNoun	nor
Diriks' gate	properNoun	swe	Diriks' gate	properNoun	nor
Diriks vei	properNoun	swe	Diriks vei	properNoun	nor
Disengrenda	properNoun	swe	Disengrenda	properNoun	nor
Disenveien	properNoun	swe	Disenveien	properNoun	nor
Diskosveien	properNoun	swe	Diskosveien	properNoun	nor
Djupdalsvegen	properNoun	swe	Djupdalsvegen	properNoun	nor
Djupedal	properNoun	swe	Djupedal	properNoun	nor
Djupedalen	properNoun	swe	Djupedalen	properNoun	nor
Djupevik	properNoun	swe	Djupevik	properNoun	nor
Djupsundveien	properNoun	swe	Djupsundveien	properNoun	nor
Djønno	properNoun	swe	Djønno	properNoun	nor
Dokkebakken	properNoun	swe	Dokkebakken	properNoun	nor
Dokkeboder	properNoun	swe	Dokkeboder	properNoun	nor
Dokken	properNoun	swe	Dokken	properNoun	nor
Dokkeskjærskaien	properNoun	swe	Dokkeskjærskaien	properNoun	nor
Dokkeveien	properNoun	swe	Dokkeveien	properNoun	nor
Dokkveien	properNoun	swe	Dokkveien	properNoun	nor
Doktor Baches vei	properNoun	swe	Doktor Baches vei	properNoun	nor
Doktor Holms vei	properNoun	swe	Doktor Holms vei	properNoun	nor
Doktor Kloumanns vei	properNoun	swe	Doktor Kloumanns vei	properNoun	nor
Doktor Londons vei	properNoun	swe	Doktor Londons vei	properNoun	nor
Doktorodden	properNoun	swe	Doktorodden	properNoun	nor
Doktor Rustads vei	properNoun	swe	Doktor Rustads vei	properNoun	nor
Doktor Samuelsens vei	properNoun	swe	Doktor Samuelsens vei	properNoun	nor
Doktor Smiths vei	properNoun	swe	Doktor Smiths vei	properNoun	nor
Dolvikhaugene	properNoun	swe	Dolvikhaugene	properNoun	nor
Dolvikvegen	properNoun	swe	Dolvikvegen	properNoun	nor
Domkirkegaten	properNoun	swe	Domkirkegaten	properNoun	nor
Domkirkeplassen	properNoun	swe	Domkirkeplassen	properNoun	nor
Domsbruveien	properNoun	swe	Domsbruveien	properNoun	nor
Doppesvingen	properNoun	swe	Doppesvingen	properNoun	nor
Dops gate	properNoun	swe	Dops gate	properNoun	nor
Dorthes vei	properNoun	swe	Dorthes vei	properNoun	nor
Dortledhaugen	properNoun	swe	Dortledhaugen	properNoun	nor
Dovregata	properNoun	swe	Dovregata	properNoun	nor
Dovregubbens vei	properNoun	swe	Dovregubbens vei	properNoun	nor
Dovresvingen	properNoun	swe	Dovresvingen	properNoun	nor
Dragefjellsbakken	properNoun	swe	Dragefjellsbakken	properNoun	nor
Dragefjellstrappen	properNoun	swe	Dragefjellstrappen	properNoun	nor
Dragesmauet	properNoun	swe	Dragesmauet	properNoun	nor
Dragonstien	properNoun	swe	Dragonstien	properNoun	nor
Drakeåsveien	properNoun	swe	Drakeåsveien	properNoun	nor
Drammensveien	properNoun	swe	Drammensveien	properNoun	nor
Dr. Barths vei	properNoun	swe	Dr. Barths vei	properNoun	nor
Dr. Bryns vei	properNoun	swe	Dr. Bryns vei	properNoun	nor
Dr. Dedichens vei	properNoun	swe	Dr. Dedichens vei	properNoun	nor
Dreggsallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Dreggsallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Drengstig	properNoun	swe	Drengstig	properNoun	nor
Dr. Høsts vei	properNoun	swe	Dr. Høsts vei	properNoun	nor
Drivhusveien	properNoun	swe	Drivhusveien	properNoun	nor
Dr. Jenssens vei	properNoun	swe	Dr. Jenssens vei	properNoun	nor
Dr Krohns Veg	properNoun	swe	Dr Krohns Veg	properNoun	nor
Dr. Lorentzens vei	properNoun	swe	Dr. Lorentzens vei	properNoun	nor
Dronning Astrids gate	properNoun	swe	Dronning Astrids gate	properNoun	nor
Dronning Blancas gate	properNoun	swe	Dronning Blancas gate	properNoun	nor
Dronning Blancas vei	properNoun	swe	Dronning Blancas vei	properNoun	nor
Dronningen	properNoun	swe	Dronningen	properNoun	nor
Dronningens gate	properNoun	swe	Dronningens gate	properNoun	nor
Dronning Eufemias gate	properNoun	swe	Dronning Eufemias gate	properNoun	nor
Dronninghavnveien	properNoun	swe	Dronninghavnveien	properNoun	nor
Dronning Ingrids plass	properNoun	swe	Dronning Ingrids plass	properNoun	nor
Dronning Margretesvei	properNoun	swe	Dronning Margretesvei	properNoun	nor
Dronning Margretes vei	properNoun	swe	Dronning Margretes vei	properNoun	nor
Dronning Mauds gate	properNoun	swe	Dronning Mauds gate	properNoun	nor
Dronning Thyras vei	properNoun	swe	Dronning Thyras vei	properNoun	nor
Dronning Åsas vei	properNoun	swe	Dronning Åsas vei	properNoun	nor
Drotningsvikveien	properNoun	swe	Drotningsvikveien	properNoun	nor
Dr. Schmidts vei	properNoun	swe	Dr. Schmidts vei	properNoun	nor
Drøbakgata	properNoun	swe	Drøbakgata	properNoun	nor
Dråga	properNoun	swe	Dråga	properNoun	nor
Duehaugveien	properNoun	swe	Duehaugveien	properNoun	nor
Duestien	properNoun	swe	Duestien	properNoun	nor
Duggveien	properNoun	swe	Duggveien	properNoun	nor
Dugnadsveien	properNoun	swe	Dugnadsveien	properNoun	nor
Dugnadveien	properNoun	swe	Dugnadveien	properNoun	nor
Dunkers gate	properNoun	swe	Dunkers gate	properNoun	nor
Durudveien	properNoun	swe	Durudveien	properNoun	nor
Dverdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Dverdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Dvergveien	properNoun	swe	Dvergveien	properNoun	nor
Dybwadbakken	properNoun	swe	Dybwadbakken	properNoun	nor
Dybwads gate	properNoun	swe	Dybwads gate	properNoun	nor
Dyna brygge	properNoun	swe	Dyna brygge	properNoun	nor
Dynekilgata	properNoun	swe	Dynekilgata	properNoun	nor
Dynevoll	properNoun	swe	Dynevoll	properNoun	nor
Dyngelandseidet	properNoun	swe	Dyngelandseidet	properNoun	nor
Dyngelandsveien	properNoun	swe	Dyngelandsveien	properNoun	nor
Dyrefaret	properNoun	swe	Dyrefaret	properNoun	nor
Dyretråkket	properNoun	swe	Dyretråkket	properNoun	nor
Dyre Vaas vei	properNoun	swe	Dyre Vaas vei	properNoun	nor
Dyrgravveien	properNoun	swe	Dyrgravveien	properNoun	nor
Dyrhaugen	properNoun	swe	Dyrhaugen	properNoun	nor
Dyrkornbakken	properNoun	swe	Dyrkornbakken	properNoun	nor
Dyrlandsveien	properNoun	swe	Dyrlandsveien	properNoun	nor
Dyrmyrgata	properNoun	swe	Dyrmyrgata	properNoun	nor
Dyrsøveien	properNoun	swe	Dyrsøveien	properNoun	nor
Dyvekegangen	properNoun	swe	Dyvekegangen	properNoun	nor
Dyvekes vei	properNoun	swe	Dyvekes vei	properNoun	nor
Dælenenggata	properNoun	swe	Dælenenggata	properNoun	nor
Dælimosen	properNoun	swe	Dælimosen	properNoun	nor
Dæliveien	properNoun	swe	Dæliveien	properNoun	nor
Dølebakken	properNoun	swe	Dølebakken	properNoun	nor
Dølerudveien	properNoun	swe	Dølerudveien	properNoun	nor
Dønskistien	properNoun	swe	Dønskistien	properNoun	nor
Dønskitoppen	properNoun	swe	Dønskitoppen	properNoun	nor
Dønskiveien	properNoun	swe	Dønskiveien	properNoun	nor
Døsserødsvingen	properNoun	swe	Døsserødsvingen	properNoun	nor
Døsserødveien	properNoun	swe	Døsserødveien	properNoun	nor
Døvlegrenda	properNoun	swe	Døvlegrenda	properNoun	nor
Døvlehavna	properNoun	swe	Døvlehavna	properNoun	nor
Døvleveien	properNoun	swe	Døvleveien	properNoun	nor
Dådyrveien	properNoun	swe	Dådyrveien	properNoun	nor
Dåpaløkka	properNoun	swe	Dåpaløkka	properNoun	nor
Daas gate	properNoun	swe	Daas gate	properNoun	nor
Ebbells gate	properNoun	swe	Ebbells gate	properNoun	nor
Eckersbergs gate	properNoun	swe	Eckersbergs gate	properNoun	nor
Eddavegen	properNoun	swe	Eddavegen	properNoun	nor
Eddaveien	properNoun	swe	Eddaveien	properNoun	nor
Edelgranveien	properNoun	swe	Edelgranveien	properNoun	nor
Edmund Neuperts gate	properNoun	swe	Edmund Neuperts gate	properNoun	nor
Edna	properNoun	swe	Edna	properNoun	nor
Edvard Griegs allé	properNoun	swe	Edvard Griegs allé	properNoun	nor
Edvard Griegs Plass	properNoun	swe	Edvard Griegs Plass	properNoun	nor
Edvard Griegs vei	properNoun	swe	Edvard Griegs vei	properNoun	nor
Edvard Munchs vei	properNoun	swe	Edvard Munchs vei	properNoun	nor
Edvardsens gate	properNoun	swe	Edvardsens gate	properNoun	nor
Edvard Storms gate	properNoun	swe	Edvard Storms gate	properNoun	nor
Edwin Wadds vei	properNoun	swe	Edwin Wadds vei	properNoun	nor
Efeuveien	properNoun	swe	Efeuveien	properNoun	nor
Eftasåsen	properNoun	swe	Eftasåsen	properNoun	nor
Efteløtmoen	properNoun	swe	Efteløtmoen	properNoun	nor
Egedes gate	properNoun	swe	Egedes gate	properNoun	nor
Egers gate	properNoun	swe	Egers gate	properNoun	nor
Egers vei	properNoun	swe	Egers vei	properNoun	nor
Egertorget	properNoun	swe	Egertorget	properNoun	nor
Egges vei	properNoun	swe	Egges vei	properNoun	nor
Eggja	properNoun	swe	Eggja	properNoun	nor
Egne Hjems vei	properNoun	swe	Egne Hjems vei	properNoun	nor
Egnehjemveien	properNoun	swe	Egnehjemveien	properNoun	nor
Egon Olsens allé	properNoun	swe	Egon Olsens allé	properNoun	nor
Eianholmen	properNoun	swe	Eianholmen	properNoun	nor
Eianveien	properNoun	swe	Eianveien	properNoun	nor
Eidehaugen	properNoun	swe	Eidehaugen	properNoun	nor
Eidsnakk	properNoun	swe	Eidsnakk	properNoun	nor
Eidsvenna	properNoun	swe	Eidsvenna	properNoun	nor
Eidsvågbakken	properNoun	swe	Eidsvågbakken	properNoun	nor
Eidsvåglien	properNoun	swe	Eidsvåglien	properNoun	nor
Eidsvågskogen	properNoun	swe	Eidsvågskogen	properNoun	nor
Eidsvågtunet	properNoun	swe	Eidsvågtunet	properNoun	nor
Eidsvågveien	properNoun	swe	Eidsvågveien	properNoun	nor
Eikebakken	properNoun	swe	Eikebakken	properNoun	nor
Eikefaret	properNoun	swe	Eikefaret	properNoun	nor
Eikefet	properNoun	swe	Eikefet	properNoun	nor
Eikelunden	properNoun	swe	Eikelunden	properNoun	nor
Eikelundveien	properNoun	swe	Eikelundveien	properNoun	nor
Eikemofoss	properNoun	swe	Eikemofoss	properNoun	nor
Eikeneset	properNoun	swe	Eikeneset	properNoun	nor
Eikenga	properNoun	swe	Eikenga	properNoun	nor
Eikerveien	properNoun	swe	Eikerveien	properNoun	nor
Eikeveien	properNoun	swe	Eikeveien	properNoun	nor
Eikeviken	properNoun	swe	Eikeviken	properNoun	nor
Eikhaugen	properNoun	swe	Eikhaugen	properNoun	nor
Eikholtveien	properNoun	swe	Eikholtveien	properNoun	nor
Eikjeto	properNoun	swe	Eikjeto	properNoun	nor
Eiksbakken	properNoun	swe	Eiksbakken	properNoun	nor
Eikskollen	properNoun	swe	Eikskollen	properNoun	nor
Eiksstien	properNoun	swe	Eiksstien	properNoun	nor
Eiksstubben	properNoun	swe	Eiksstubben	properNoun	nor
Eiksund	properNoun	swe	Eiksund	properNoun	nor
Eikveien	properNoun	swe	Eikveien	properNoun	nor
Eikås	properNoun	swe	Eikås	properNoun	nor
Eikåsen	properNoun	swe	Eikåsen	properNoun	nor
Eikåslia	properNoun	swe	Eikåslia	properNoun	nor
Eikåsneset	properNoun	swe	Eikåsneset	properNoun	nor
Eikåsvegen	properNoun	swe	Eikåsvegen	properNoun	nor
Eikåsveien	properNoun	swe	Eikåsveien	properNoun	nor
Eilert Smiths vei	properNoun	swe	Eilert Smiths vei	properNoun	nor
Eilert Sundts gate	properNoun	swe	Eilert Sundts gate	properNoun	nor
Eilif Dues vei	properNoun	swe	Eilif Dues vei	properNoun	nor
Eilif Peterssens vei	properNoun	swe	Eilif Peterssens vei	properNoun	nor
Eilins vei	properNoun	swe	Eilins vei	properNoun	nor
Eillef Guttormsens vei	properNoun	swe	Eillef Guttormsens vei	properNoun	nor
Einar Gerhardsens plass	properNoun	swe	Einar Gerhardsens plass	properNoun	nor
Einar Høigårds vei	properNoun	swe	Einar Høigårds vei	properNoun	nor
Einar Skjæraasens vei	properNoun	swe	Einar Skjæraasens vei	properNoun	nor
Einars vei	properNoun	swe	Einars vei	properNoun	nor
Einar Tambarskjelves plass	properNoun	swe	Einar Tambarskjelves plass	properNoun	nor
Eindrides vei	properNoun	swe	Eindrides vei	properNoun	nor
Einebæråsen	properNoun	swe	Einebæråsen	properNoun	nor
Einelien	properNoun	swe	Einelien	properNoun	nor
Einerbærstien	properNoun	swe	Einerbærstien	properNoun	nor
Einerhaugen	properNoun	swe	Einerhaugen	properNoun	nor
Einerkollen	properNoun	swe	Einerkollen	properNoun	nor
Einersvingen	properNoun	swe	Einersvingen	properNoun	nor
Einerveien	properNoun	swe	Einerveien	properNoun	nor
Eineveien	properNoun	swe	Eineveien	properNoun	nor
Eirik Jarls vei	properNoun	swe	Eirik Jarls vei	properNoun	nor
Eirik Raudes vei	properNoun	swe	Eirik Raudes vei	properNoun	nor
Eiriks gate	properNoun	swe	Eiriks gate	properNoun	nor
Eitrheim	properNoun	swe	Eitrheim	properNoun	nor
Eivind Astrups gate	properNoun	swe	Eivind Astrups gate	properNoun	nor
Ekeberggata	properNoun	swe	Ekeberggata	properNoun	nor
Ekeberglia	properNoun	swe	Ekeberglia	properNoun	nor
Ekebergstien	properNoun	swe	Ekebergstien	properNoun	nor
Ekebergveien	properNoun	swe	Ekebergveien	properNoun	nor
Ekeliveien	properNoun	swe	Ekeliveien	properNoun	nor
Ekelyveien	properNoun	swe	Ekelyveien	properNoun	nor
Ekerdalen	properNoun	swe	Ekerdalen	properNoun	nor
Ekern	properNoun	swe	Ekern	properNoun	nor
Ekeroa	properNoun	swe	Ekeroa	properNoun	nor
Ekerstølsveien	properNoun	swe	Ekerstølsveien	properNoun	nor
Ekkoveien	properNoun	swe	Ekkoveien	properNoun	nor
Ekornbakken	properNoun	swe	Ekornbakken	properNoun	nor
Ekornstien	properNoun	swe	Ekornstien	properNoun	nor
Ekornvegen	properNoun	swe	Ekornvegen	properNoun	nor
Ekornveien	properNoun	swe	Ekornveien	properNoun	nor
Ekornveien	properNoun	swe	Ekornveien	properNoun	nor
Ekornåsen	properNoun	swe	Ekornåsen	properNoun	nor
Ekraveien	properNoun	swe	Ekraveien	properNoun	nor
Ekrebakken	properNoun	swe	Ekrebakken	properNoun	nor
Ekregaten	properNoun	swe	Ekregaten	properNoun	nor
Ekrehaugen	properNoun	swe	Ekrehaugen	properNoun	nor
Ekrekroken	properNoun	swe	Ekrekroken	properNoun	nor
Ekrevegen	properNoun	swe	Ekrevegen	properNoun	nor
Eldsbakkane	properNoun	swe	Eldsbakkane	properNoun	nor
Eldshovden	properNoun	swe	Eldshovden	properNoun	nor
Elen Weeas vei	properNoun	swe	Elen Weeas vei	properNoun	nor
Elfstedtløkka	properNoun	swe	Elfstedtløkka	properNoun	nor
Elgefaret	properNoun	swe	Elgefaret	properNoun	nor
Elgfaret	properNoun	swe	Elgfaret	properNoun	nor
Elgtråkket	properNoun	swe	Elgtråkket	properNoun	nor
Elgveien	properNoun	swe	Elgveien	properNoun	nor
Elias Blix' gate	properNoun	swe	Elias Blix' gate	properNoun	nor
Eliasmarken	properNoun	swe	Eliasmarken	properNoun	nor
Elias Smiths vei	properNoun	swe	Elias Smiths vei	properNoun	nor
Elisa Platous plass	properNoun	swe	Elisa Platous plass	properNoun	nor
Elisenbergveien	properNoun	swe	Elisenbergveien	properNoun	nor
Elises vei	properNoun	swe	Elises vei	properNoun	nor
Elise Sverdrups vei	properNoun	swe	Elise Sverdrups vei	properNoun	nor
Elis vei	properNoun	swe	Elis vei	properNoun	nor
Eljarvik	properNoun	swe	Eljarvik	properNoun	nor
Ellef Marcussens veg	properNoun	swe	Ellef Marcussens veg	properNoun	nor
Ellefs vei	properNoun	swe	Ellefs vei	properNoun	nor
Ellen Gleditsch' vei	properNoun	swe	Ellen Gleditsch' vei	properNoun	nor
Ellen Gulbrandsons vei	properNoun	swe	Ellen Gulbrandsons vei	properNoun	nor
Ellerhusens vei	properNoun	swe	Ellerhusens vei	properNoun	nor
Ellingshaugen	properNoun	swe	Ellingshaugen	properNoun	nor
Ellingsrudveien	properNoun	swe	Ellingsrudveien	properNoun	nor
Ellings vei	properNoun	swe	Ellings vei	properNoun	nor
Ellingsøy	properNoun	swe	Ellingsøy	properNoun	nor
Elly Eydes vei	properNoun	swe	Elly Eydes vei	properNoun	nor
Elmholt allé	properNoun	swe	Elmholt allé	properNoun	nor
Elmholtveien	properNoun	swe	Elmholtveien	properNoun	nor
Else Hagens vei	properNoun	swe	Else Hagens vei	properNoun	nor
Elsesro	properNoun	swe	Elsesro	properNoun	nor
Elsters gate	properNoun	swe	Elsters gate	properNoun	nor
Eltonveien	properNoun	swe	Eltonveien	properNoun	nor
Elvaskaret	properNoun	swe	Elvaskaret	properNoun	nor
Elvavegen	properNoun	swe	Elvavegen	properNoun	nor
Elvebakken	properNoun	swe	Elvebakken	properNoun	nor
Elvedalsveien	properNoun	swe	Elvedalsveien	properNoun	nor
Elvefaret	properNoun	swe	Elvefaret	properNoun	nor
Elvegata	properNoun	swe	Elvegata	properNoun	nor
Elvegaten	properNoun	swe	Elvegaten	properNoun	nor
Elveliveien	properNoun	swe	Elveliveien	properNoun	nor
Elvemoloen	properNoun	swe	Elvemoloen	properNoun	nor
Elvenesveien	properNoun	swe	Elvenesveien	properNoun	nor
Elverhøiveien	properNoun	swe	Elverhøiveien	properNoun	nor
Elverumgata	properNoun	swe	Elverumgata	properNoun	nor
Elvestadveien	properNoun	swe	Elvestadveien	properNoun	nor
Elveterrassen	properNoun	swe	Elveterrassen	properNoun	nor
Elvetun	properNoun	swe	Elvetun	properNoun	nor
Elveveien	properNoun	swe	Elveveien	properNoun	nor
Elvikveien	properNoun	swe	Elvikveien	properNoun	nor
Emanuels vei	properNoun	swe	Emanuels vei	properNoun	nor
Emblas vei	properNoun	swe	Emblas vei	properNoun	nor
Emilie Haugs vei	properNoun	swe	Emilie Haugs vei	properNoun	nor
Emil Korsmos vei	properNoun	swe	Emil Korsmos vei	properNoun	nor
Emil Olsens vei	properNoun	swe	Emil Olsens vei	properNoun	nor
Emma Hjorths vei	properNoun	swe	Emma Hjorths vei	properNoun	nor
Endregården	properNoun	swe	Endregården	properNoun	nor
Endregårdsbakken	properNoun	swe	Endregårdsbakken	properNoun	nor
Endregårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Endregårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Enebakkveien	properNoun	swe	Enebakkveien	properNoun	nor
Enebostubben	properNoun	swe	Enebostubben	properNoun	nor
Eneboveien	properNoun	swe	Eneboveien	properNoun	nor
Enenvegen	properNoun	swe	Enenvegen	properNoun	nor
Energibru	properNoun	swe	Energibru	properNoun	nor
Enerhauggata	properNoun	swe	Enerhauggata	properNoun	nor
Enerhaugkleiva	properNoun	swe	Enerhaugkleiva	properNoun	nor
Enerhaugplassen	properNoun	swe	Enerhaugplassen	properNoun	nor
Enerveien	properNoun	swe	Enerveien	properNoun	nor
Enga	properNoun	swe	Enga	properNoun	nor
Engebrets vei	properNoun	swe	Engebrets vei	properNoun	nor
Engebråtan	properNoun	swe	Engebråtan	properNoun	nor
Engebråtveien	properNoun	swe	Engebråtveien	properNoun	nor
Engehaugen	properNoun	swe	Engehaugen	properNoun	nor
Engelandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Engelandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Engelgården	properNoun	swe	Engelgården	properNoun	nor
Engen	properNoun	swe	Engen	properNoun	nor
Engerjordet	properNoun	swe	Engerjordet	properNoun	nor
Engertunet	properNoun	swe	Engertunet	properNoun	nor
Engesetveien	properNoun	swe	Engesetveien	properNoun	nor
Engeveien	properNoun	swe	Engeveien	properNoun	nor
Engevikvegen	properNoun	swe	Engevikvegen	properNoun	nor
Engfaret	properNoun	swe	Engfaret	properNoun	nor
Enggaten	properNoun	swe	Enggaten	properNoun	nor
Engsoleia	properNoun	swe	Engsoleia	properNoun	nor
Engveien	properNoun	swe	Engveien	properNoun	nor
Enhjørningsgården	properNoun	swe	Enhjørningsgården	properNoun	nor
Enoks vei	properNoun	swe	Enoks vei	properNoun	nor
Ensjøsvingen	properNoun	swe	Ensjøsvingen	properNoun	nor
Ensjøveien	properNoun	swe	Ensjøveien	properNoun	nor
Erdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Erdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Erich Mogensøns vei	properNoun	swe	Erich Mogensøns vei	properNoun	nor
Erika Berntsens veg	properNoun	swe	Erika Berntsens veg	properNoun	nor
Erika Nissens gate	properNoun	swe	Erika Nissens gate	properNoun	nor
Erik Brofoss vei	properNoun	swe	Erik Brofoss vei	properNoun	nor
Erik Pontoppidans gate	properNoun	swe	Erik Pontoppidans gate	properNoun	nor
Erik Schias plass	properNoun	swe	Erik Schias plass	properNoun	nor
Eriksenenga	properNoun	swe	Eriksenenga	properNoun	nor
Eriks gate	properNoun	swe	Eriks gate	properNoun	nor
Erik Werenskiolds vei	properNoun	swe	Erik Werenskiolds vei	properNoun	nor
Erlandsens gate	properNoun	swe	Erlandsens gate	properNoun	nor
Erlandstuveien	properNoun	swe	Erlandstuveien	properNoun	nor
Erlends vei	properNoun	swe	Erlends vei	properNoun	nor
Erleveien	properNoun	swe	Erleveien	properNoun	nor
Erling Michelsens vei	properNoun	swe	Erling Michelsens vei	properNoun	nor
Erling Nilssens vei	properNoun	swe	Erling Nilssens vei	properNoun	nor
Erling Schiøtz' vei	properNoun	swe	Erling Schiøtz' vei	properNoun	nor
Erlings gate	properNoun	swe	Erlings gate	properNoun	nor
Erling Skjalgssons gate	properNoun	swe	Erling Skjalgssons gate	properNoun	nor
Ernst Sars' vei	properNoun	swe	Ernst Sars' vei	properNoun	nor
Ertrevågen	properNoun	swe	Ertrevågen	properNoun	nor
Ervikveien	properNoun	swe	Ervikveien	properNoun	nor
Esmarks gate	properNoun	swe	Esmarks gate	properNoun	nor
Espehaugen	properNoun	swe	Espehaugen	properNoun	nor
Espelandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Espelandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Espens vei	properNoun	swe	Espens vei	properNoun	nor
Essendrops gate	properNoun	swe	Essendrops gate	properNoun	nor
Essoveien	properNoun	swe	Essoveien	properNoun	nor
Eterveien	properNoun	swe	Eterveien	properNoun	nor
Etterstadgata	properNoun	swe	Etterstadgata	properNoun	nor
Etterstadkroken	properNoun	swe	Etterstadkroken	properNoun	nor
Etterstadsletta	properNoun	swe	Etterstadsletta	properNoun	nor
Eugene Hanssens gate	properNoun	swe	Eugene Hanssens gate	properNoun	nor
Eugenies gate	properNoun	swe	Eugenies gate	properNoun	nor
Europarådets plass	properNoun	swe	Europarådets plass	properNoun	nor
Europavei 18	properNoun	swe	Europavei 18	properNoun	nor
Europaveien	properNoun	swe	Europaveien	properNoun	nor
Euro VI	properNoun	swe	Euro VI	properNoun	nor
Eva Kolstads gate	properNoun	swe	Eva Kolstads gate	properNoun	nor
Evald Ryghs gate	properNoun	swe	Evald Ryghs gate	properNoun	nor
Evald Ryghs plass	properNoun	swe	Evald Ryghs plass	properNoun	nor
Evens gate	properNoun	swe	Evens gate	properNoun	nor
Eventyrstien	properNoun	swe	Eventyrstien	properNoun	nor
Eventyrvegen	properNoun	swe	Eventyrvegen	properNoun	nor
Eventyrveien	properNoun	swe	Eventyrveien	properNoun	nor
Eversvik	properNoun	swe	Eversvik	properNoun	nor
Evjebakken	properNoun	swe	Evjebakken	properNoun	nor
Evjehøgda	properNoun	swe	Evjehøgda	properNoun	nor
Evje terrasse	properNoun	swe	Evje terrasse	properNoun	nor
Evjeveien	properNoun	swe	Evjeveien	properNoun	nor
Evjuveien	properNoun	swe	Evjuveien	properNoun	nor
Eystein Torkildsens vei	properNoun	swe	Eystein Torkildsens vei	properNoun	nor
Fabrikkgaten	properNoun	swe	Fabrikkgaten	properNoun	nor
Fabrikkvegen	properNoun	swe	Fabrikkvegen	properNoun	nor
Fabritiusalléen	properNoun	swe	Fabritiusalléen	properNoun	nor
Fadumveien	properNoun	swe	Fadumveien	properNoun	nor
Fagerbakken	properNoun	swe	Fagerbakken	properNoun	nor
Fagerborggata	properNoun	swe	Fagerborggata	properNoun	nor
Fagerdalen	properNoun	swe	Fagerdalen	properNoun	nor
Fagerengveien	properNoun	swe	Fagerengveien	properNoun	nor
Fagerhaug	properNoun	swe	Fagerhaug	properNoun	nor
Fagerheimgata	properNoun	swe	Fagerheimgata	properNoun	nor
Fagerheimgaten	properNoun	swe	Fagerheimgaten	properNoun	nor
Fagerheimstrappen	properNoun	swe	Fagerheimstrappen	properNoun	nor
Fagerheimveien	properNoun	swe	Fagerheimveien	properNoun	nor
Fagerholtveien	properNoun	swe	Fagerholtveien	properNoun	nor
Fagerhøy terrasse	properNoun	swe	Fagerhøy terrasse	properNoun	nor
Fagerhøyveien	properNoun	swe	Fagerhøyveien	properNoun	nor
Fagerlia	properNoun	swe	Fagerlia	properNoun	nor
Fagerlitrappa	properNoun	swe	Fagerlitrappa	properNoun	nor
Fagerlivegen	properNoun	swe	Fagerlivegen	properNoun	nor
Fagerliveien	properNoun	swe	Fagerliveien	properNoun	nor
Fagersandveien	properNoun	swe	Fagersandveien	properNoun	nor
Fagerstadveien	properNoun	swe	Fagerstadveien	properNoun	nor
Fagerstrandveien	properNoun	swe	Fagerstrandveien	properNoun	nor
Fagertunveien	properNoun	swe	Fagertunveien	properNoun	nor
Fageråsen	properNoun	swe	Fageråsen	properNoun	nor
Fageråsveien	properNoun	swe	Fageråsveien	properNoun	nor
Fahlstrøms plass	properNoun	swe	Fahlstrøms plass	properNoun	nor
Fahlstrøms terrasse	properNoun	swe	Fahlstrøms terrasse	properNoun	nor
Falbes gate	properNoun	swe	Falbes gate	properNoun	nor
Falckenbergs gate	properNoun	swe	Falckenbergs gate	properNoun	nor
Falck Ytters plass	properNoun	swe	Falck Ytters plass	properNoun	nor
Falkali	properNoun	swe	Falkali	properNoun	nor
Falkangervegen	properNoun	swe	Falkangervegen	properNoun	nor
Falkehjørnet	properNoun	swe	Falkehjørnet	properNoun	nor
Falkeløkka	properNoun	swe	Falkeløkka	properNoun	nor
Falkenveien	properNoun	swe	Falkenveien	properNoun	nor
Falkeveien	properNoun	swe	Falkeveien	properNoun	nor
Falkåsveien	properNoun	swe	Falkåsveien	properNoun	nor
Fallanveien	properNoun	swe	Fallanveien	properNoun	nor
Falsens gate	properNoun	swe	Falsens gate	properNoun	nor
Falsens vei	properNoun	swe	Falsens vei	properNoun	nor
Fanafjellsvegen	properNoun	swe	Fanafjellsvegen	properNoun	nor
Fanaflaten	properNoun	swe	Fanaflaten	properNoun	nor
Fanahammeren	properNoun	swe	Fanahammeren	properNoun	nor
Fanakrå	properNoun	swe	Fanakrå	properNoun	nor
Fanastølen	properNoun	swe	Fanastølen	properNoun	nor
Fanaveien	properNoun	swe	Fanaveien	properNoun	nor
Fanavollen	properNoun	swe	Fanavollen	properNoun	nor
Fangstveien	properNoun	swe	Fangstveien	properNoun	nor
Fannebovegen	properNoun	swe	Fannebovegen	properNoun	nor
Fannefjord	properNoun	swe	Fannefjord	properNoun	nor
Fannestrandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Fannestrandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Fantebrauta	properNoun	swe	Fantebrauta	properNoun	nor
Fantoftneset	properNoun	swe	Fantoftneset	properNoun	nor
Fantoftveien	properNoun	swe	Fantoftveien	properNoun	nor
Fantoftåsen	properNoun	swe	Fantoftåsen	properNoun	nor
Farbotslia	properNoun	swe	Farbotslia	properNoun	nor
Faret	properNoun	swe	Faret	properNoun	nor
Farkvam	properNoun	swe	Farkvam	properNoun	nor
Farmannsveien	properNoun	swe	Farmannsveien	properNoun	nor
Farvikvegen	properNoun	swe	Farvikvegen	properNoun	nor
Fasanvegen	properNoun	swe	Fasanvegen	properNoun	nor
Fasanveien	properNoun	swe	Fasanveien	properNoun	nor
Fastings gate	properNoun	swe	Fastings gate	properNoun	nor
Fattigstugangen	properNoun	swe	Fattigstugangen	properNoun	nor
Fauchalds gate	properNoun	swe	Fauchalds gate	properNoun	nor
Faunveien	properNoun	swe	Faunveien	properNoun	nor
Fauskanger	properNoun	swe	Fauskanger	properNoun	nor
Fayes gate	properNoun	swe	Fayes gate	properNoun	nor
Fearnleys gate	properNoun	swe	Fearnleys gate	properNoun	nor
Feddersens gate	properNoun	swe	Feddersens gate	properNoun	nor
Fedjefast	properNoun	swe	Fedjefast	properNoun	nor
Feenveien	properNoun	swe	Feenveien	properNoun	nor
Feiselsveien	properNoun	swe	Feiselsveien	properNoun	nor
Feltspatveien	properNoun	swe	Feltspatveien	properNoun	nor
Fenes	properNoun	swe	Fenes	properNoun	nor
Fenris vei	properNoun	swe	Fenris vei	properNoun	nor
Fergeveien	properNoun	swe	Fergeveien	properNoun	nor
Ferjevegen	properNoun	swe	Ferjevegen	properNoun	nor
Ferjeveien	properNoun	swe	Ferjeveien	properNoun	nor
Fernanda Nissens gate	properNoun	swe	Fernanda Nissens gate	properNoun	nor
Ferroknatten	properNoun	swe	Ferroknatten	properNoun	nor
Ferroveien	properNoun	swe	Ferroveien	properNoun	nor
Feråsen	properNoun	swe	Feråsen	properNoun	nor
Feråslia	properNoun	swe	Feråslia	properNoun	nor
Feråsvegen	properNoun	swe	Feråsvegen	properNoun	nor
Feskbergan	properNoun	swe	Feskbergan	properNoun	nor
Feskjærveien	properNoun	swe	Feskjærveien	properNoun	nor
Festningskaien	properNoun	swe	Festningskaien	properNoun	nor
Festningsplassen	properNoun	swe	Festningsplassen	properNoun	nor
Festningsveien	properNoun	swe	Festningsveien	properNoun	nor
Fetsundgata	properNoun	swe	Fetsundgata	properNoun	nor
Fevangparken	properNoun	swe	Fevangparken	properNoun	nor
Fevangstien	properNoun	swe	Fevangstien	properNoun	nor
Feyers gate	properNoun	swe	Feyers gate	properNoun	nor
F. Hennigs gate	properNoun	swe	F. Hennigs gate	properNoun	nor
Filerveien	properNoun	swe	Filerveien	properNoun	nor
Filips gate	properNoun	swe	Filips gate	properNoun	nor
Filipstad brygge	properNoun	swe	Filipstad brygge	properNoun	nor
Filipstadveien	properNoun	swe	Filipstadveien	properNoun	nor
Filosofgangen	properNoun	swe	Filosofgangen	properNoun	nor
Findalsvingen	properNoun	swe	Findalsvingen	properNoun	nor
Finkeveien	properNoun	swe	Finkeveien	properNoun	nor
Finn Alexanders plass	properNoun	swe	Finn Alexanders plass	properNoun	nor
Finnbergåsen	properNoun	swe	Finnbergåsen	properNoun	nor
Finnegården	properNoun	swe	Finnegården	properNoun	nor
Finnegårdsgaten	properNoun	swe	Finnegårdsgaten	properNoun	nor
Finnekåsa	properNoun	swe	Finnekåsa	properNoun	nor
Finnemanns Plass	properNoun	swe	Finnemanns Plass	properNoun	nor
Finnemyrveien	properNoun	swe	Finnemyrveien	properNoun	nor
Finnfjordveien	properNoun	swe	Finnfjordveien	properNoun	nor
Finnhaugveien	properNoun	swe	Finnhaugveien	properNoun	nor
Finnjordelva	properNoun	swe	Finnjordelva	properNoun	nor
Finnmarkgata	properNoun	swe	Finnmarkgata	properNoun	nor
Finnmo	properNoun	swe	Finnmo	properNoun	nor
Finns vei	properNoun	swe	Finns vei	properNoun	nor
Finvaldsmauet	properNoun	swe	Finvaldsmauet	properNoun	nor
Fiolbakken	properNoun	swe	Fiolbakken	properNoun	nor
Fiolvegen	properNoun	swe	Fiolvegen	properNoun	nor
Fiolveien	properNoun	swe	Fiolveien	properNoun	nor
Firdagaten	properNoun	swe	Firdagaten	properNoun	nor
Firkløverveien	properNoun	swe	Firkløverveien	properNoun	nor
Fischers veg	properNoun	swe	Fischers veg	properNoun	nor
Fiskekroken	properNoun	swe	Fiskekroken	properNoun	nor
Fiskergata	properNoun	swe	Fiskergata	properNoun	nor
Fiskeribasen	properNoun	swe	Fiskeribasen	properNoun	nor
Fiskeriveien	properNoun	swe	Fiskeriveien	properNoun	nor
Fisker Syversens vei	properNoun	swe	Fisker Syversens vei	properNoun	nor
Fiskerveien	properNoun	swe	Fiskerveien	properNoun	nor
Fiskestredet	properNoun	swe	Fiskestredet	properNoun	nor
Fiskestredet	properNoun	swe	Fiskestredet	properNoun	nor
Fisketorget	properNoun	swe	Fisketorget	properNoun	nor
Fjeldhøikroken	properNoun	swe	Fjeldhøikroken	properNoun	nor
Fjellgata	properNoun	swe	Fjellgata	properNoun	nor
Fjellgata	properNoun	swe	Fjellgata	properNoun	nor
Fjellgaten	properNoun	swe	Fjellgaten	properNoun	nor
Fjellheimveien	properNoun	swe	Fjellheimveien	properNoun	nor
Fjellholmen	properNoun	swe	Fjellholmen	properNoun	nor
Fjellhus allé	properNoun	swe	Fjellhus allé	properNoun	nor
Fjellhøiveien	properNoun	swe	Fjellhøiveien	properNoun	nor
Fjellien	properNoun	swe	Fjellien	properNoun	nor
Fjellklangveien	properNoun	swe	Fjellklangveien	properNoun	nor
Fjellknattveien	properNoun	swe	Fjellknattveien	properNoun	nor
Fjellmusveien	properNoun	swe	Fjellmusveien	properNoun	nor
Fjellsdalen	properNoun	swe	Fjellsdalen	properNoun	nor
Fjellstien	properNoun	swe	Fjellstien	properNoun	nor
Fjellstuveien	properNoun	swe	Fjellstuveien	properNoun	nor
Fjelltunveien	properNoun	swe	Fjelltunveien	properNoun	nor
Fjellvegen	properNoun	swe	Fjellvegen	properNoun	nor
Fjellveien	properNoun	swe	Fjellveien	properNoun	nor
Fjellveien	properNoun	swe	Fjellveien	properNoun	nor
Fjellvikbakken	properNoun	swe	Fjellvikbakken	properNoun	nor
Fjellvåkvegen	properNoun	swe	Fjellvåkvegen	properNoun	nor
Fjellyveien	properNoun	swe	Fjellyveien	properNoun	nor
Fjellåsveien	properNoun	swe	Fjellåsveien	properNoun	nor
Fjon	properNoun	swe	Fjon	properNoun	nor
Fjordalléen	properNoun	swe	Fjordalléen	properNoun	nor
Fjordgaten	properNoun	swe	Fjordgaten	properNoun	nor
Fjordgløttveien	properNoun	swe	Fjordgløttveien	properNoun	nor
Fjordgårdveien	properNoun	swe	Fjordgårdveien	properNoun	nor
Fjordlenken	properNoun	swe	Fjordlenken	properNoun	nor
Fjordveien	properNoun	swe	Fjordveien	properNoun	nor
Fjær	properNoun	swe	Fjær	properNoun	nor
Fjæra	properNoun	swe	Fjæra	properNoun	nor
Fjæregaten	properNoun	swe	Fjæregaten	properNoun	nor
Fjæregrenden	properNoun	swe	Fjæregrenden	properNoun	nor
Fjæresmauet	properNoun	swe	Fjæresmauet	properNoun	nor
Fjøre	properNoun	swe	Fjøre	properNoun	nor
Fjørtoftfjordtunnelen	properNoun	swe	Fjørtoftfjordtunnelen	properNoun	nor
Fjørtofts gate	properNoun	swe	Fjørtofts gate	properNoun	nor
Fjøsangerveien	properNoun	swe	Fjøsangerveien	properNoun	nor
Fjågesund	properNoun	swe	Fjågesund	properNoun	nor
Flaengrenda	properNoun	swe	Flaengrenda	properNoun	nor
Flaenveien	properNoun	swe	Flaenveien	properNoun	nor
Flagaberg	properNoun	swe	Flagaberg	properNoun	nor
Flaggspettvegen	properNoun	swe	Flaggspettvegen	properNoun	nor
Flakaveien	properNoun	swe	Flakaveien	properNoun	nor
Flaktveitbotn	properNoun	swe	Flaktveitbotn	properNoun	nor
Flaktveitgeila	properNoun	swe	Flaktveitgeila	properNoun	nor
Flaktveitrinden	properNoun	swe	Flaktveitrinden	properNoun	nor
Flaktveitsvingane	properNoun	swe	Flaktveitsvingane	properNoun	nor
Flaktveittræet	properNoun	swe	Flaktveittræet	properNoun	nor
Flaktveitvegen	properNoun	swe	Flaktveitvegen	properNoun	nor
Flatane	properNoun	swe	Flatane	properNoun	nor
Flatengen	properNoun	swe	Flatengen	properNoun	nor
Flatevad	properNoun	swe	Flatevad	properNoun	nor
Flattums gate	properNoun	swe	Flattums gate	properNoun	nor
Flatveien	properNoun	swe	Flatveien	properNoun	nor
Flautangveien	properNoun	swe	Flautangveien	properNoun	nor
Fleischers vei	properNoun	swe	Fleischers vei	properNoun	nor
Fleslandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Fleslandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Fleslandsvika	properNoun	swe	Fleslandsvika	properNoun	nor
Flesåstunet	properNoun	swe	Flesåstunet	properNoun	nor
Flesåsveien	properNoun	swe	Flesåsveien	properNoun	nor
Flintegata	properNoun	swe	Flintegata	properNoun	nor
Flintvegen	properNoun	swe	Flintvegen	properNoun	nor
Flintveien	properNoun	swe	Flintveien	properNoun	nor
Flisberget	properNoun	swe	Flisberget	properNoun	nor
Florabakken	properNoun	swe	Florabakken	properNoun	nor
Flors gate	properNoun	swe	Flors gate	properNoun	nor
Flossåna	properNoun	swe	Flossåna	properNoun	nor
F . L. Suhrs veg	properNoun	swe	F . L. Suhrs veg	properNoun	nor
Flusspatveien	properNoun	swe	Flusspatveien	properNoun	nor
Flyen	properNoun	swe	Flyen	properNoun	nor
Flyplass	properNoun	swe	Flyplass	properNoun	nor
Flyplassvegen	properNoun	swe	Flyplassvegen	properNoun	nor
Flyplassveien	properNoun	swe	Flyplassveien	properNoun	nor
Flyveien	properNoun	swe	Flyveien	properNoun	nor
Fløenbakken	properNoun	swe	Fløenbakken	properNoun	nor
Fløenstien	properNoun	swe	Fløenstien	properNoun	nor
Fløterveien	properNoun	swe	Fløterveien	properNoun	nor
Fløyasletta	properNoun	swe	Fløyasletta	properNoun	nor
Fløya Terrasse	properNoun	swe	Fløya Terrasse	properNoun	nor
Fløyfjell	properNoun	swe	Fløyfjell	properNoun	nor
Fløygaten	properNoun	swe	Fløygaten	properNoun	nor
Fløyveien	properNoun	swe	Fløyveien	properNoun	nor
Fløyåsstien	properNoun	swe	Fløyåsstien	properNoun	nor
Fogs gate	properNoun	swe	Fogs gate	properNoun	nor
Fokserødveien	properNoun	swe	Fokserødveien	properNoun	nor
Folangerveien	properNoun	swe	Folangerveien	properNoun	nor
Folgefonn	properNoun	swe	Folgefonn	properNoun	nor
Folke Bernadottes vei	properNoun	swe	Folke Bernadottes vei	properNoun	nor
Folkedal	properNoun	swe	Folkedal	properNoun	nor
Folkvangveien	properNoun	swe	Folkvangveien	properNoun	nor
Folldalsheia	properNoun	swe	Folldalsheia	properNoun	nor
Folldalslia	properNoun	swe	Folldalslia	properNoun	nor
Folldalsvegen	properNoun	swe	Folldalsvegen	properNoun	nor
Fonnafonn	properNoun	swe	Fonnafonn	properNoun	nor
Foreningsgaten	properNoun	swe	Foreningsgaten	properNoun	nor
Formannsgata	properNoun	swe	Formannsgata	properNoun	nor
Formanns vei	properNoun	swe	Formanns vei	properNoun	nor
Formerveien	properNoun	swe	Formerveien	properNoun	nor
Fornebuveien	properNoun	swe	Fornebuveien	properNoun	nor
Forraveien	properNoun	swe	Forraveien	properNoun	nor
Forskjønnelsen	properNoun	swe	Forskjønnelsen	properNoun	nor
Forskningsveien	properNoun	swe	Forskningsveien	properNoun	nor
Forstandersmauet	properNoun	swe	Forstandersmauet	properNoun	nor
Fortunaveien	properNoun	swe	Fortunaveien	properNoun	nor
Fortunbakkane	properNoun	swe	Fortunbakkane	properNoun	nor
Fortunen	properNoun	swe	Fortunen	properNoun	nor
Forvasshaugen	properNoun	swe	Forvasshaugen	properNoun	nor
Fosnagata	properNoun	swe	Fosnagata	properNoun	nor
Fossane	properNoun	swe	Fossane	properNoun	nor
Fossbergjordet	properNoun	swe	Fossbergjordet	properNoun	nor
Fossefaret	properNoun	swe	Fossefaret	properNoun	nor
Fossekallveien	properNoun	swe	Fossekallveien	properNoun	nor
Fossekleiva	properNoun	swe	Fossekleiva	properNoun	nor
Fossenbratte	properNoun	swe	Fossenbratte	properNoun	nor
Fossgjel	properNoun	swe	Fossgjel	properNoun	nor
Fosshaugveien	properNoun	swe	Fosshaugveien	properNoun	nor
Fossheimveien	properNoun	swe	Fossheimveien	properNoun	nor
Fossilveien	properNoun	swe	Fossilveien	properNoun	nor
Fosslia	properNoun	swe	Fosslia	properNoun	nor
Fossmark	properNoun	swe	Fossmark	properNoun	nor
Fossnesveien	properNoun	swe	Fossnesveien	properNoun	nor
Fossumbakken	properNoun	swe	Fossumbakken	properNoun	nor
Fossumberget	properNoun	swe	Fossumberget	properNoun	nor
Fossumhavene	properNoun	swe	Fossumhavene	properNoun	nor
Fossumkroken	properNoun	swe	Fossumkroken	properNoun	nor
Fossumveien	properNoun	swe	Fossumveien	properNoun	nor
Fossveien	properNoun	swe	Fossveien	properNoun	nor
Fosswinckels gate	properNoun	swe	Fosswinckels gate	properNoun	nor
Fossåna	properNoun	swe	Fossåna	properNoun	nor
Fossåsen	properNoun	swe	Fossåsen	properNoun	nor
Fostervolds gate	properNoun	swe	Fostervolds gate	properNoun	nor
Fougners vei	properNoun	swe	Fougners vei	properNoun	nor
Fougstads gate	properNoun	swe	Fougstads gate	properNoun	nor
Frafjord	properNoun	swe	Frafjord	properNoun	nor
Framnes terrasse	properNoun	swe	Framnes terrasse	properNoun	nor
Framnesveien	properNoun	swe	Framnesveien	properNoun	nor
Frams vei	properNoun	swe	Frams vei	properNoun	nor
Framveien	properNoun	swe	Framveien	properNoun	nor
Framveien	properNoun	swe	Framveien	properNoun	nor
Frankendalsgata	properNoun	swe	Frankendalsgata	properNoun	nor
Frankendalsveien	properNoun	swe	Frankendalsveien	properNoun	nor
Frants Beyers vei	properNoun	swe	Frants Beyers vei	properNoun	nor
Frants Olsens veg	properNoun	swe	Frants Olsens veg	properNoun	nor
Frantzebråtveien	properNoun	swe	Frantzebråtveien	properNoun	nor
Franzefossveien	properNoun	swe	Franzefossveien	properNoun	nor
Fredengvegen	properNoun	swe	Fredengvegen	properNoun	nor
Fredensborgveien	properNoun	swe	Fredensborgveien	properNoun	nor
Fredericiaveien	properNoun	swe	Fredericiaveien	properNoun	nor
Frederik Glads gate	properNoun	swe	Frederik Glads gate	properNoun	nor
Frederik Haslunds gate	properNoun	swe	Frederik Haslunds gate	properNoun	nor
Frederik Meltzers gate	properNoun	swe	Frederik Meltzers gate	properNoun	nor
Frederiks gate	properNoun	swe	Frederiks gate	properNoun	nor
Frederik Stangs gate	properNoun	swe	Frederik Stangs gate	properNoun	nor
Frederik stangs gate	properNoun	swe	Frederik stangs gate	properNoun	nor
Fredheimlia	properNoun	swe	Fredheimlia	properNoun	nor
Fredheimsveien	properNoun	swe	Fredheimsveien	properNoun	nor
Fredheimvegen	properNoun	swe	Fredheimvegen	properNoun	nor
Fredheimveien	properNoun	swe	Fredheimveien	properNoun	nor
Fredliveien	properNoun	swe	Fredliveien	properNoun	nor
Fredlundbakken	properNoun	swe	Fredlundbakken	properNoun	nor
Fredlundsvingen	properNoun	swe	Fredlundsvingen	properNoun	nor
Fredlundveien	properNoun	swe	Fredlundveien	properNoun	nor
Fredly	properNoun	swe	Fredly	properNoun	nor
Fred Olsens gate	properNoun	swe	Fred Olsens gate	properNoun	nor
Fredrikke Qvams gate	properNoun	swe	Fredrikke Qvams gate	properNoun	nor
Fredrik Petersens gate	properNoun	swe	Fredrik Petersens gate	properNoun	nor
Fredriksbergsgaten	properNoun	swe	Fredriksbergsgaten	properNoun	nor
Fredriksborgveien	properNoun	swe	Fredriksborgveien	properNoun	nor
Fredrik Selmers gate	properNoun	swe	Fredrik Selmers gate	properNoun	nor
Fredrik Selmers vei	properNoun	swe	Fredrik Selmers vei	properNoun	nor
Fredrik Stangs vei	properNoun	swe	Fredrik Stangs vei	properNoun	nor
Fredveien	properNoun	swe	Fredveien	properNoun	nor
Fredøy	properNoun	swe	Fredøy	properNoun	nor
Fregattveien	properNoun	swe	Fregattveien	properNoun	nor
Freidigveien	properNoun	swe	Freidigveien	properNoun	nor
Freifjord	properNoun	swe	Freifjord	properNoun	nor
Freiveien	properNoun	swe	Freiveien	properNoun	nor
Frenningfaret	properNoun	swe	Frenningfaret	properNoun	nor
Frennings vei	properNoun	swe	Frennings vei	properNoun	nor
Freserveien	properNoun	swe	Freserveien	properNoun	nor
Fresiaveien	properNoun	swe	Fresiaveien	properNoun	nor
Fresjestien	properNoun	swe	Fresjestien	properNoun	nor
Fresteveien	properNoun	swe	Fresteveien	properNoun	nor
Fresvik	properNoun	swe	Fresvik	properNoun	nor
Frichs gate	properNoun	swe	Frichs gate	properNoun	nor
Fridalsveien	properNoun	swe	Fridalsveien	properNoun	nor
Fridtjof Nansens plass	properNoun	swe	Fridtjof Nansens plass	properNoun	nor
Fridtjof Nansens veg	properNoun	swe	Fridtjof Nansens veg	properNoun	nor
Fridtjof Nansens vei	properNoun	swe	Fridtjof Nansens vei	properNoun	nor
Fridtjovs gate	properNoun	swe	Fridtjovs gate	properNoun	nor
Frieda Fasmers vei	properNoun	swe	Frieda Fasmers vei	properNoun	nor
Friergangen	properNoun	swe	Friergangen	properNoun	nor
Frierveien	properNoun	swe	Frierveien	properNoun	nor
Friggs veg	properNoun	swe	Friggs veg	properNoun	nor
Friggs vei	properNoun	swe	Friggs vei	properNoun	nor
Friholmsgaten	properNoun	swe	Friholmsgaten	properNoun	nor
Friis' gate	properNoun	swe	Friis' gate	properNoun	nor
Frimanns gate	properNoun	swe	Frimanns gate	properNoun	nor
Frimannsmauet	properNoun	swe	Frimannsmauet	properNoun	nor
Frits Kiærs vei	properNoun	swe	Frits Kiærs vei	properNoun	nor
Frits Thaulows gate	properNoun	swe	Frits Thaulows gate	properNoun	nor
Fritsøveien	properNoun	swe	Fritsøveien	properNoun	nor
Fritz C. Riebers vei	properNoun	swe	Fritz C. Riebers vei	properNoun	nor
Fritzners gate	properNoun	swe	Fritzners gate	properNoun	nor
Fritznersmauet	properNoun	swe	Fritznersmauet	properNoun	nor
Frodegaten	properNoun	swe	Frodegaten	properNoun	nor
Frodes vei	properNoun	swe	Frodes vei	properNoun	nor
Frognerhøiveien	properNoun	swe	Frognerhøiveien	properNoun	nor
Frogner plass	properNoun	swe	Frogner plass	properNoun	nor
Frognerseterveien	properNoun	swe	Frognerseterveien	properNoun	nor
Frognerstranda	properNoun	swe	Frognerstranda	properNoun	nor
Frogner-Tandbergveien	properNoun	swe	Frogner-Tandbergveien	properNoun	nor
Frogner terrasse	properNoun	swe	Frogner terrasse	properNoun	nor
Frognerveien	properNoun	swe	Frognerveien	properNoun	nor
Frogs vei	properNoun	swe	Frogs vei	properNoun	nor
Frostaporten	properNoun	swe	Frostaporten	properNoun	nor
Frosteveien	properNoun	swe	Frosteveien	properNoun	nor
Frostvedtveien	properNoun	swe	Frostvedtveien	properNoun	nor
Frostveien	properNoun	swe	Frostveien	properNoun	nor
Fru Kroghs brygge	properNoun	swe	Fru Kroghs brygge	properNoun	nor
Frusetbakken	properNoun	swe	Frusetbakken	properNoun	nor
Frusethenga	properNoun	swe	Frusethenga	properNoun	nor
Frusetholtet	properNoun	swe	Frusetholtet	properNoun	nor
Frusetlia	properNoun	swe	Frusetlia	properNoun	nor
Frusetsvingen	properNoun	swe	Frusetsvingen	properNoun	nor
Frusetvegen	properNoun	swe	Frusetvegen	properNoun	nor
Fruvikaveien	properNoun	swe	Fruvikaveien	properNoun	nor
Frydenbergbakken	properNoun	swe	Frydenbergbakken	properNoun	nor
Frydenbergsletta	properNoun	swe	Frydenbergsletta	properNoun	nor
Frydenbergveien	properNoun	swe	Frydenbergveien	properNoun	nor
Frydenbølien	properNoun	swe	Frydenbølien	properNoun	nor
Frydenbøveien	properNoun	swe	Frydenbøveien	properNoun	nor
Frydenlundgata	properNoun	swe	Frydenlundgata	properNoun	nor
Frydenlundsvegen	properNoun	swe	Frydenlundsvegen	properNoun	nor
Frydenløkka	properNoun	swe	Frydenløkka	properNoun	nor
Frydens gate	properNoun	swe	Frydens gate	properNoun	nor
Frysjaveien	properNoun	swe	Frysjaveien	properNoun	nor
Frænavegen	properNoun	swe	Frænavegen	properNoun	nor
Frøensalléen	properNoun	swe	Frøensalléen	properNoun	nor
Frølichs vei	properNoun	swe	Frølichs vei	properNoun	nor
Frøyas gate	properNoun	swe	Frøyas gate	properNoun	nor
Frøyas veg	properNoun	swe	Frøyas veg	properNoun	nor
Frøyasvei	properNoun	swe	Frøyasvei	properNoun	nor
Frøyas vei	properNoun	swe	Frøyas vei	properNoun	nor
Frøydis' vei	properNoun	swe	Frøydis' vei	properNoun	nor
Frøys vei	properNoun	swe	Frøys vei	properNoun	nor
Frøytunveien	properNoun	swe	Frøytunveien	properNoun	nor
Fuglehauggata	properNoun	swe	Fuglehauggata	properNoun	nor
Fugleliveien	properNoun	swe	Fugleliveien	properNoun	nor
Fureberg	properNoun	swe	Fureberg	properNoun	nor
Fureli	properNoun	swe	Fureli	properNoun	nor
Furene	properNoun	swe	Furene	properNoun	nor
Furer Nymos vei	properNoun	swe	Furer Nymos vei	properNoun	nor
Furlo	properNoun	swe	Furlo	properNoun	nor
Furteløkka	properNoun	swe	Furteløkka	properNoun	nor
Furubakken	properNoun	swe	Furubakken	properNoun	nor
Furuberg	properNoun	swe	Furuberg	properNoun	nor
Furubotn	properNoun	swe	Furubotn	properNoun	nor
Furubråtveien	properNoun	swe	Furubråtveien	properNoun	nor
Furudalen	properNoun	swe	Furudalen	properNoun	nor
Furuholmen	properNoun	swe	Furuholmen	properNoun	nor
Furukollen	properNoun	swe	Furukollen	properNoun	nor
Furukollveien	properNoun	swe	Furukollveien	properNoun	nor
Furulia	properNoun	swe	Furulia	properNoun	nor
Furulien	properNoun	swe	Furulien	properNoun	nor
Furulundsveien	properNoun	swe	Furulundsveien	properNoun	nor
Furulundtoppen	properNoun	swe	Furulundtoppen	properNoun	nor
Furulundveien	properNoun	swe	Furulundveien	properNoun	nor
Furulyveien	properNoun	swe	Furulyveien	properNoun	nor
Furumoen	properNoun	swe	Furumoen	properNoun	nor
Furumogata	properNoun	swe	Furumogata	properNoun	nor
Fururabben	properNoun	swe	Fururabben	properNoun	nor
Furuset allé	properNoun	swe	Furuset allé	properNoun	nor
Furusetlia	properNoun	swe	Furusetlia	properNoun	nor
Furusetveien	properNoun	swe	Furusetveien	properNoun	nor
Furusmo	properNoun	swe	Furusmo	properNoun	nor
Furustadlia	properNoun	swe	Furustadlia	properNoun	nor
Furustadveien	properNoun	swe	Furustadveien	properNoun	nor
Furustien	properNoun	swe	Furustien	properNoun	nor
Furusvingen	properNoun	swe	Furusvingen	properNoun	nor
Furuveien	properNoun	swe	Furuveien	properNoun	nor
Fuskegata	properNoun	swe	Fuskegata	properNoun	nor
Fyllingsdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Fyllingsdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Fyllingsveien	properNoun	swe	Fyllingsveien	properNoun	nor
Fyllpåstien	properNoun	swe	Fyllpåstien	properNoun	nor
Fyrdsberg	properNoun	swe	Fyrdsberg	properNoun	nor
Fürstenga	properNoun	swe	Fürstenga	properNoun	nor
Fyrstikkalléen	properNoun	swe	Fyrstikkalléen	properNoun	nor
Fyrstikkbakken	properNoun	swe	Fyrstikkbakken	properNoun	nor
Fürstlia	properNoun	swe	Fürstlia	properNoun	nor
Fürstveien	properNoun	swe	Fürstveien	properNoun	nor
Fæstergrenden	properNoun	swe	Fæstergrenden	properNoun	nor
Fæsterlien	properNoun	swe	Fæsterlien	properNoun	nor
Fæsterveien	properNoun	swe	Fæsterveien	properNoun	nor
Fæsteråsen	properNoun	swe	Fæsteråsen	properNoun	nor
Føllingstads veg	properNoun	swe	Føllingstads veg	properNoun	nor
Føniks vei	properNoun	swe	Føniks vei	properNoun	nor
Førre	properNoun	swe	Førre	properNoun	nor
Føykåsveien	properNoun	swe	Føykåsveien	properNoun	nor
Fådveien	properNoun	swe	Fådveien	properNoun	nor
Gabbi Lunds vei	properNoun	swe	Gabbi Lunds vei	properNoun	nor
Gabbroveien	properNoun	swe	Gabbroveien	properNoun	nor
Gabels gate	properNoun	swe	Gabels gate	properNoun	nor
Gabriel Christiansens gate	properNoun	swe	Gabriel Christiansens gate	properNoun	nor
Gabriel Tischendorfs vei	properNoun	swe	Gabriel Tischendorfs vei	properNoun	nor
Galeasgata	properNoun	swe	Galeasgata	properNoun	nor
Galgebakken	properNoun	swe	Galgebakken	properNoun	nor
Galgeberg	properNoun	swe	Galgeberg	properNoun	nor
Gallisveien	properNoun	swe	Gallisveien	properNoun	nor
Galsrødveien	properNoun	swe	Galsrødveien	properNoun	nor
Galtadal	properNoun	swe	Galtadal	properNoun	nor
Gamborgs gate	properNoun	swe	Gamborgs gate	properNoun	nor
Gamle Bamblevei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Bamblevei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Bjellandvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Bjellandvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Bjørndalvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Bjørndalvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Breivikveien	properNoun	swe	Gamle Breivikveien	properNoun	nor
Gamle Brennavei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Brennavei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Bygdevei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Bygdevei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Bævergrendvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Bævergrendvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Drammensvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Drammensvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Eikjeto	properNoun	swe	Gamle Eikjeto	properNoun	nor
Gamle Enebakkvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Enebakkvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Fossumvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Fossumvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Glitterudvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Glitterudvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Gomsrudvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Gomsrudvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Grav vei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Grav vei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Gravåsvegen	properNoun	swe	Gamle Gravåsvegen	properNoun	nor
Gamlegrendåsveien	properNoun	swe	Gamlegrendåsveien	properNoun	nor
Gamlegrensen	properNoun	swe	Gamlegrensen	properNoun	nor
Gamlehagen	properNoun	swe	Gamlehagen	properNoun	nor
Gamlehaugveien	properNoun	swe	Gamlehaugveien	properNoun	nor
Gamle Heggelivei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Heggelivei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Herregårdsvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Herregårdsvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Hesjedal	properNoun	swe	Gamle Hesjedal	properNoun	nor
Gamle Hovsetervei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Hovsetervei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Jarenvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Jarenvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Jongsåsvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Jongsåsvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Kalvedalsveien	properNoun	swe	Gamle Kalvedalsveien	properNoun	nor
Gamle Kirkeveien	properNoun	swe	Gamle Kirkeveien	properNoun	nor
Gamle Kjelsåsvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Kjelsåsvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Kjøkkelvikveien	properNoun	swe	Gamle Kjøkkelvikveien	properNoun	nor
Gamle Kongevei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Kongevei	properNoun	nor
Gamle kongevei	properNoun	swe	Gamle kongevei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Leirdalsvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Leirdalsvei	properNoun	nor
Gamlelinja	properNoun	swe	Gamlelinja	properNoun	nor
Gamle Lommedalsvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Lommedalsvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Madserud allé	properNoun	swe	Gamle Madserud allé	properNoun	nor
Gamle Maridalsvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Maridalsvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Mathopsveien	properNoun	swe	Gamle Mathopsveien	properNoun	nor
Gamle Nygårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Gamle Nygårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Gamle Nøstegaten	properNoun	swe	Gamle Nøstegaten	properNoun	nor
Gamle Omborsnesvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Omborsnesvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Ramnesvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Ramnesvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Ringeriksvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Ringeriksvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Rognsvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Rognsvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Rødvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Rødvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Solbergvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Solbergvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Steinstøvegen	properNoun	swe	Gamle Steinstøvegen	properNoun	nor
Gamle Strømsvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Strømsvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Synningavegen	properNoun	swe	Gamle Synningavegen	properNoun	nor
Gamle Sørlandske	properNoun	swe	Gamle Sørlandske	properNoun	nor
Gamle Tanumvei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Tanumvei	properNoun	nor
Gamle Tennebekksveien	properNoun	swe	Gamle Tennebekksveien	properNoun	nor
Gamletorvet	properNoun	swe	Gamletorvet	properNoun	nor
Gamle Trondheimsveien	properNoun	swe	Gamle Trondheimsveien	properNoun	nor
Gamle Vallevei	properNoun	swe	Gamle Vallevei	properNoun	nor
Gamlevegen	properNoun	swe	Gamlevegen	properNoun	nor
Gamleveien	properNoun	swe	Gamleveien	properNoun	nor
Gamle velodromen	properNoun	swe	Gamle velodromen	properNoun	nor
Gammelveien	properNoun	swe	Gammelveien	properNoun	nor
Gamsevegen	properNoun	swe	Gamsevegen	properNoun	nor
Gandalen	properNoun	swe	Gandalen	properNoun	nor
Gange-Rolvs gate	properNoun	swe	Gange-Rolvs gate	properNoun	nor
Gangstuveien	properNoun	swe	Gangstuveien	properNoun	nor
Gangvegen	properNoun	swe	Gangvegen	properNoun	nor
Gangveien	properNoun	swe	Gangveien	properNoun	nor
Gardeveien	properNoun	swe	Gardeveien	properNoun	nor
Gardtoftveien	properNoun	swe	Gardtoftveien	properNoun	nor
Garmann gate	properNoun	swe	Garmann gate	properNoun	nor
Garnesfjæra	properNoun	swe	Garnesfjæra	properNoun	nor
Garnesmarka	properNoun	swe	Garnesmarka	properNoun	nor
Garnesrenen	properNoun	swe	Garnesrenen	properNoun	nor
Garnesstølen	properNoun	swe	Garnesstølen	properNoun	nor
Garnestangen	properNoun	swe	Garnestangen	properNoun	nor
Garnestona	properNoun	swe	Garnestona	properNoun	nor
Garnestræet	properNoun	swe	Garnestræet	properNoun	nor
Garnesvegen	properNoun	swe	Garnesvegen	properNoun	nor
Garnveien	properNoun	swe	Garnveien	properNoun	nor
Garstadveien	properNoun	swe	Garstadveien	properNoun	nor
Gartnergaten	properNoun	swe	Gartnergaten	properNoun	nor
Gartnerivegen	properNoun	swe	Gartnerivegen	properNoun	nor
Gartnerløkka	properNoun	swe	Gartnerløkka	properNoun	nor
Gartnerveien	properNoun	swe	Gartnerveien	properNoun	nor
Garvergaten	properNoun	swe	Garvergaten	properNoun	nor
Garverigata	properNoun	swe	Garverigata	properNoun	nor
Garver Ytteborgs vei	properNoun	swe	Garver Ytteborgs vei	properNoun	nor
Gatene	properNoun	swe	Gatene	properNoun	nor
Gaupefaret	properNoun	swe	Gaupefaret	properNoun	nor
Gaupevegen	properNoun	swe	Gaupevegen	properNoun	nor
Gaupeveien	properNoun	swe	Gaupeveien	properNoun	nor
Gaupås	properNoun	swe	Gaupås	properNoun	nor
Gaupåsvegen	properNoun	swe	Gaupåsvegen	properNoun	nor
Gaustadalléen	properNoun	swe	Gaustadalléen	properNoun	nor
Gaustadveien	properNoun	swe	Gaustadveien	properNoun	nor
Gauterødveien	properNoun	swe	Gauterødveien	properNoun	nor
Geilene	properNoun	swe	Geilene	properNoun	nor
Geitabotn	properNoun	swe	Geitabotn	properNoun	nor
Geitatangen	properNoun	swe	Geitatangen	properNoun	nor
Geitekleiva	properNoun	swe	Geitekleiva	properNoun	nor
Geiteramsvegen	properNoun	swe	Geiteramsvegen	properNoun	nor
Geiterygg	properNoun	swe	Geiterygg	properNoun	nor
Geithusvegen	properNoun	swe	Geithusvegen	properNoun	nor
Geitmyrsveien	properNoun	swe	Geitmyrsveien	properNoun	nor
Geitskaret	properNoun	swe	Geitskaret	properNoun	nor
Geminiveien	properNoun	swe	Geminiveien	properNoun	nor
General Birchs gate	properNoun	swe	General Birchs gate	properNoun	nor
General Fleichers vei	properNoun	swe	General Fleichers vei	properNoun	nor
General Krohgs vei	properNoun	swe	General Krohgs vei	properNoun	nor
Generallunden	properNoun	swe	Generallunden	properNoun	nor
General Ruges veg	properNoun	swe	General Ruges veg	properNoun	nor
General Ruges vei	properNoun	swe	General Ruges vei	properNoun	nor
Geologsvingen	properNoun	swe	Geologsvingen	properNoun	nor
Georgernes Verft	properNoun	swe	Georgernes Verft	properNoun	nor
Georg Martinsens vei	properNoun	swe	Georg Martinsens vei	properNoun	nor
Gerd Kjølaas' plass	properNoun	swe	Gerd Kjølaas' plass	properNoun	nor
Gerhard Grans vei	properNoun	swe	Gerhard Grans vei	properNoun	nor
Gesellveien	properNoun	swe	Gesellveien	properNoun	nor
Geviret	properNoun	swe	Geviret	properNoun	nor
Gierløw Meyers gate	properNoun	swe	Gierløw Meyers gate	properNoun	nor
Gildbuveien	properNoun	swe	Gildbuveien	properNoun	nor
Gilderhammar	properNoun	swe	Gilderhammar	properNoun	nor
Gildevangen	properNoun	swe	Gildevangen	properNoun	nor
Gilegata	properNoun	swe	Gilegata	properNoun	nor
Giletoppen	properNoun	swe	Giletoppen	properNoun	nor
Giljajuvet	properNoun	swe	Giljajuvet	properNoun	nor
Gimlebakken	properNoun	swe	Gimlebakken	properNoun	nor
Gimle terrasse	properNoun	swe	Gimle terrasse	properNoun	nor
Gimlevegen	properNoun	swe	Gimlevegen	properNoun	nor
Gimleveien	properNoun	swe	Gimleveien	properNoun	nor
Gimmelandsveien	properNoun	swe	Gimmelandsveien	properNoun	nor
Gims	properNoun	swe	Gims	properNoun	nor
Gina Krogs vei	properNoun	swe	Gina Krogs vei	properNoun	nor
Giskehagen	properNoun	swe	Giskehagen	properNoun	nor
Gisle Johnsons plass	properNoun	swe	Gisle Johnsons plass	properNoun	nor
Gisles vei	properNoun	swe	Gisles vei	properNoun	nor
Gisundveien	properNoun	swe	Gisundveien	properNoun	nor
Gjeble Pederssøns gate	properNoun	swe	Gjeble Pederssøns gate	properNoun	nor
Gjekstadveien	properNoun	swe	Gjekstadveien	properNoun	nor
Gjekstadåsveien	properNoun	swe	Gjekstadåsveien	properNoun	nor
Gjelstadveien	properNoun	swe	Gjelstadveien	properNoun	nor
Gjennestadtunet	properNoun	swe	Gjennestadtunet	properNoun	nor
Gjennestadveien	properNoun	swe	Gjennestadveien	properNoun	nor
Gjennomfaret	properNoun	swe	Gjennomfaret	properNoun	nor
Gjenveien	properNoun	swe	Gjenveien	properNoun	nor
Gjerdehaugene	properNoun	swe	Gjerdehaugene	properNoun	nor
Gjerdehaugvegen	properNoun	swe	Gjerdehaugvegen	properNoun	nor
Gjerdesmutten	properNoun	swe	Gjerdesmutten	properNoun	nor
Gjerdevegen	properNoun	swe	Gjerdevegen	properNoun	nor
Gjerdeveien	properNoun	swe	Gjerdeveien	properNoun	nor
Gjerdingsskjenet	properNoun	swe	Gjerdingsskjenet	properNoun	nor
Gjerdrums vei	properNoun	swe	Gjerdrums vei	properNoun	nor
Gjerløwveien	properNoun	swe	Gjerløwveien	properNoun	nor
Gjermundrødveien	properNoun	swe	Gjermundrødveien	properNoun	nor
Gjersetveien	properNoun	swe	Gjersetveien	properNoun	nor
Gjersøeveien	properNoun	swe	Gjersøeveien	properNoun	nor
Gjestvangen	properNoun	swe	Gjestvangen	properNoun	nor
Gjettumkollen	properNoun	swe	Gjettumkollen	properNoun	nor
Gjettumstien	properNoun	swe	Gjettumstien	properNoun	nor
Gjettumtunet	properNoun	swe	Gjettumtunet	properNoun	nor
Gjettumveien	properNoun	swe	Gjettumveien	properNoun	nor
Gjuvsåna	properNoun	swe	Gjuvsåna	properNoun	nor
Gjøas vei	properNoun	swe	Gjøas vei	properNoun	nor
Gjøaveien	properNoun	swe	Gjøaveien	properNoun	nor
Gjøkbakken	properNoun	swe	Gjøkbakken	properNoun	nor
Gjømleåsen	properNoun	swe	Gjømleåsen	properNoun	nor
Gjønnes bru	properNoun	swe	Gjønnes bru	properNoun	nor
Gjønnesjordet	properNoun	swe	Gjønnesjordet	properNoun	nor
Gjønnesskogen	properNoun	swe	Gjønnesskogen	properNoun	nor
Gjønnesveien	properNoun	swe	Gjønnesveien	properNoun	nor
Gjørstads gate	properNoun	swe	Gjørstads gate	properNoun	nor
Gjøte	properNoun	swe	Gjøte	properNoun	nor
Gjøvikgata	properNoun	swe	Gjøvikgata	properNoun	nor
Gjøvik gård	properNoun	swe	Gjøvik gård	properNoun	nor
Glabak	properNoun	swe	Glabak	properNoun	nor
Glacisgata	properNoun	swe	Glacisgata	properNoun	nor
Gladengveien	properNoun	swe	Gladengveien	properNoun	nor
Glads vei	properNoun	swe	Glads vei	properNoun	nor
Gladvoll terrasse	properNoun	swe	Gladvoll terrasse	properNoun	nor
Gladvollveien	properNoun	swe	Gladvollveien	properNoun	nor
Glanutveien	properNoun	swe	Glanutveien	properNoun	nor
Glaskar	properNoun	swe	Glaskar	properNoun	nor
Glasskaret	properNoun	swe	Glasskaret	properNoun	nor
Glasskaråsen	properNoun	swe	Glasskaråsen	properNoun	nor
Glassverksgata	properNoun	swe	Glassverksgata	properNoun	nor
Glassverkveien	properNoun	swe	Glassverkveien	properNoun	nor
Glatveds gate	properNoun	swe	Glatveds gate	properNoun	nor
Gleaveien	properNoun	swe	Gleaveien	properNoun	nor
Glenneveien	properNoun	swe	Glenneveien	properNoun	nor
Glimmersvingen	properNoun	swe	Glimmersvingen	properNoun	nor
Glimmervegen	properNoun	swe	Glimmervegen	properNoun	nor
Glimmerveien	properNoun	swe	Glimmerveien	properNoun	nor
Glitneveien	properNoun	swe	Glitneveien	properNoun	nor
Glitregata	properNoun	swe	Glitregata	properNoun	nor
Glitreveien	properNoun	swe	Glitreveien	properNoun	nor
Glitterudveien	properNoun	swe	Glitterudveien	properNoun	nor
Glittumveien	properNoun	swe	Glittumveien	properNoun	nor
Globusveien	properNoun	swe	Globusveien	properNoun	nor
Glogers vei	properNoun	swe	Glogers vei	properNoun	nor
Glomstuvegen	properNoun	swe	Glomstuvegen	properNoun	nor
Gloppedal	properNoun	swe	Gloppedal	properNoun	nor
Glosebakkveien	properNoun	swe	Glosebakkveien	properNoun	nor
Glovelia	properNoun	swe	Glovelia	properNoun	nor
Gloveveien	properNoun	swe	Gloveveien	properNoun	nor
Gloveåsen	properNoun	swe	Gloveåsen	properNoun	nor
Glückstads gate	properNoun	swe	Glückstads gate	properNoun	nor
Glymje	properNoun	swe	Glymje	properNoun	nor
Glæstadroa	properNoun	swe	Glæstadroa	properNoun	nor
Gløsvågveien	properNoun	swe	Gløsvågveien	properNoun	nor
Gneisvegen	properNoun	swe	Gneisvegen	properNoun	nor
Gneisveien	properNoun	swe	Gneisveien	properNoun	nor
Godals vei	properNoun	swe	Godals vei	properNoun	nor
Godheimveien	properNoun	swe	Godheimveien	properNoun	nor
Godlia parksti	properNoun	swe	Godlia parksti	properNoun	nor
Godliasvingen	properNoun	swe	Godliasvingen	properNoun	nor
Godliaveien	properNoun	swe	Godliaveien	properNoun	nor
Godvikskjenet	properNoun	swe	Godvikskjenet	properNoun	nor
Godviksvingene	properNoun	swe	Godviksvingene	properNoun	nor
Godvikveien	properNoun	swe	Godvikveien	properNoun	nor
Gokstadholmen	properNoun	swe	Gokstadholmen	properNoun	nor
Gokstadryggen	properNoun	swe	Gokstadryggen	properNoun	nor
Gokstadveien	properNoun	swe	Gokstadveien	properNoun	nor
Goksøyr	properNoun	swe	Goksøyr	properNoun	nor
Golfstubben	properNoun	swe	Golfstubben	properNoun	nor
Gomagata	properNoun	swe	Gomagata	properNoun	nor
Gommerudveien	properNoun	swe	Gommerudveien	properNoun	nor
Gomsrud Terrasse	properNoun	swe	Gomsrud Terrasse	properNoun	nor
Gomsrudveien	properNoun	swe	Gomsrudveien	properNoun	nor
Gongeveien	properNoun	swe	Gongeveien	properNoun	nor
Gonvikbakken	properNoun	swe	Gonvikbakken	properNoun	nor
Gopledalsveien	properNoun	swe	Gopledalsveien	properNoun	nor
Gors vei	properNoun	swe	Gors vei	properNoun	nor
Gosen	properNoun	swe	Gosen	properNoun	nor
Gotevollen	properNoun	swe	Gotevollen	properNoun	nor
Gotfred Lies plass	properNoun	swe	Gotfred Lies plass	properNoun	nor
Granalléen	properNoun	swe	Granalléen	properNoun	nor
Granatveien	properNoun	swe	Granatveien	properNoun	nor
Granbakken	properNoun	swe	Granbakken	properNoun	nor
Granbergstubben	properNoun	swe	Granbergstubben	properNoun	nor
Granborgveien	properNoun	swe	Granborgveien	properNoun	nor
Grandeveien	properNoun	swe	Grandeveien	properNoun	nor
Grandfjæra	properNoun	swe	Grandfjæra	properNoun	nor
Grandvegen	properNoun	swe	Grandvegen	properNoun	nor
Granebakken	properNoun	swe	Granebakken	properNoun	nor
Granerødveien	properNoun	swe	Granerødveien	properNoun	nor
Granfossbakken	properNoun	swe	Granfossbakken	properNoun	nor
Granfoss vest	properNoun	swe	Granfoss vest	properNoun	nor
Granheimtunet	properNoun	swe	Granheimtunet	properNoun	nor
Granheimveien	properNoun	swe	Granheimveien	properNoun	nor
Granhekkveien	properNoun	swe	Granhekkveien	properNoun	nor
Granholmlia	properNoun	swe	Granholmlia	properNoun	nor
Granholmveien	properNoun	swe	Granholmveien	properNoun	nor
Granholtet	properNoun	swe	Granholtet	properNoun	nor
Granittvegen	properNoun	swe	Granittvegen	properNoun	nor
Granittveien	properNoun	swe	Granittveien	properNoun	nor
Grankollveien	properNoun	swe	Grankollveien	properNoun	nor
Grankvisten	properNoun	swe	Grankvisten	properNoun	nor
Granlia	properNoun	swe	Granlia	properNoun	nor
Granlien	properNoun	swe	Granlien	properNoun	nor
Granliveien	properNoun	swe	Granliveien	properNoun	nor
Granlyveien	properNoun	swe	Granlyveien	properNoun	nor
Grannestien	properNoun	swe	Grannestien	properNoun	nor
Gransdalen	properNoun	swe	Gransdalen	properNoun	nor
Granstangen	properNoun	swe	Granstangen	properNoun	nor
Granstien	properNoun	swe	Granstien	properNoun	nor
Granstuveien	properNoun	swe	Granstuveien	properNoun	nor
Gransveien	properNoun	swe	Gransveien	properNoun	nor
Grantunet	properNoun	swe	Grantunet	properNoun	nor
Granveien	properNoun	swe	Granveien	properNoun	nor
Granåsen	properNoun	swe	Granåsen	properNoun	nor
Grasdal	properNoun	swe	Grasdal	properNoun	nor
Grasmyrveien	properNoun	swe	Grasmyrveien	properNoun	nor
Grasskaret	properNoun	swe	Grasskaret	properNoun	nor
Grasveien	properNoun	swe	Grasveien	properNoun	nor
Gratishaugen	properNoun	swe	Gratishaugen	properNoun	nor
Gravdalsbakken	properNoun	swe	Gravdalsbakken	properNoun	nor
Gravdalspollen	properNoun	swe	Gravdalspollen	properNoun	nor
Gravdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Gravdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Gravenfossveien	properNoun	swe	Gravenfossveien	properNoun	nor
Gravenveien	properNoun	swe	Gravenveien	properNoun	nor
Gravlundvegen	properNoun	swe	Gravlundvegen	properNoun	nor
Grav Skolevei	properNoun	swe	Grav Skolevei	properNoun	nor
Gravåsvegen	properNoun	swe	Gravåsvegen	properNoun	nor
Grefsen allé	properNoun	swe	Grefsen allé	properNoun	nor
Grefsenkollveien	properNoun	swe	Grefsenkollveien	properNoun	nor
Grefsentunet	properNoun	swe	Grefsentunet	properNoun	nor
Grefsenveien	properNoun	swe	Grefsenveien	properNoun	nor
Gregers Grams vei	properNoun	swe	Gregers Grams vei	properNoun	nor
Greinveien	properNoun	swe	Greinveien	properNoun	nor
Grenaderveien	properNoun	swe	Grenaderveien	properNoun	nor
Grendals gate	properNoun	swe	Grendals gate	properNoun	nor
Grendatunvegen	properNoun	swe	Grendatunvegen	properNoun	nor
Grengangen	properNoun	swe	Grengangen	properNoun	nor
Grensefaret	properNoun	swe	Grensefaret	properNoun	nor
Grensegata	properNoun	swe	Grensegata	properNoun	nor
Grensegaten	properNoun	swe	Grensegaten	properNoun	nor
Grensegrenden	properNoun	swe	Grensegrenden	properNoun	nor
Grensen	properNoun	swe	Grensen	properNoun	nor
Grensen	properNoun	swe	Grensen	properNoun	nor
Grensestien	properNoun	swe	Grensestien	properNoun	nor
Grensesvingen	properNoun	swe	Grensesvingen	properNoun	nor
Grenseveien	properNoun	swe	Grenseveien	properNoun	nor
Gresshoppeveien	properNoun	swe	Gresshoppeveien	properNoun	nor
Grete Waitz' plass	properNoun	swe	Grete Waitz' plass	properNoun	nor
Grethesvei	properNoun	swe	Grethesvei	properNoun	nor
Grethes vei	properNoun	swe	Grethes vei	properNoun	nor
Grevesvingen	properNoun	swe	Grevesvingen	properNoun	nor
Greveveien	properNoun	swe	Greveveien	properNoun	nor
Greveveien	properNoun	swe	Greveveien	properNoun	nor
Grevinneveien	properNoun	swe	Grevinneveien	properNoun	nor
Grevlingbakken	properNoun	swe	Grevlingbakken	properNoun	nor
Grevlinglia	properNoun	swe	Grevlinglia	properNoun	nor
Grevlingveien	properNoun	swe	Grevlingveien	properNoun	nor
Grevlingåsen	properNoun	swe	Grevlingåsen	properNoun	nor
Grev Wedels gate	properNoun	swe	Grev Wedels gate	properNoun	nor
Grev Wedels plass	properNoun	swe	Grev Wedels plass	properNoun	nor
Griegs gate	properNoun	swe	Griegs gate	properNoun	nor
Griffenfeldts gate	properNoun	swe	Griffenfeldts gate	properNoun	nor
Griffenfeldts gate	properNoun	swe	Griffenfeldts gate	properNoun	nor
Grillstad	properNoun	swe	Grillstad	properNoun	nor
Grimelundshaugen	properNoun	swe	Grimelundshaugen	properNoun	nor
Grimelundsveien	properNoun	swe	Grimelundsveien	properNoun	nor
Grimestadveien	properNoun	swe	Grimestadveien	properNoun	nor
Grimseiddalen	properNoun	swe	Grimseiddalen	properNoun	nor
Grimseidholmen	properNoun	swe	Grimseidholmen	properNoun	nor
Grimseidvegen	properNoun	swe	Grimseidvegen	properNoun	nor
Grimseidåsen	properNoun	swe	Grimseidåsen	properNoun	nor
Grimstadgata	properNoun	swe	Grimstadgata	properNoun	nor
Grimstadholmen	properNoun	swe	Grimstadholmen	properNoun	nor
Grimstadneset	properNoun	swe	Grimstadneset	properNoun	nor
Grimstadvegen	properNoun	swe	Grimstadvegen	properNoun	nor
Grindaberget	properNoun	swe	Grindaberget	properNoun	nor
Grindbakken	properNoun	swe	Grindbakken	properNoun	nor
Grindhaugvegen	properNoun	swe	Grindhaugvegen	properNoun	nor
Grindholmen	properNoun	swe	Grindholmen	properNoun	nor
Grindholmveien	properNoun	swe	Grindholmveien	properNoun	nor
Grindstuplassen	properNoun	swe	Grindstuplassen	properNoun	nor
Grindstuveien	properNoun	swe	Grindstuveien	properNoun	nor
Grinibråten	properNoun	swe	Grinibråten	properNoun	nor
Grinidammen	properNoun	swe	Grinidammen	properNoun	nor
Grinilunden	properNoun	swe	Grinilunden	properNoun	nor
Grini Næringspark	properNoun	swe	Grini Næringspark	properNoun	nor
Grinistubben	properNoun	swe	Grinistubben	properNoun	nor
Griniveien	properNoun	swe	Griniveien	properNoun	nor
Gripveien	properNoun	swe	Gripveien	properNoun	nor
Grobstokkveien	properNoun	swe	Grobstokkveien	properNoun	nor
Gromstadveien	properNoun	swe	Gromstadveien	properNoun	nor
Grorudbakken	properNoun	swe	Grorudbakken	properNoun	nor
Grorudenga	properNoun	swe	Grorudenga	properNoun	nor
Grorudhaugen	properNoun	swe	Grorudhaugen	properNoun	nor
Grorudveien	properNoun	swe	Grorudveien	properNoun	nor
Grosvoldveien	properNoun	swe	Grosvoldveien	properNoun	nor
Grottenveien	properNoun	swe	Grottenveien	properNoun	nor
Grubbebakken	properNoun	swe	Grubbebakken	properNoun	nor
Grubbegata	properNoun	swe	Grubbegata	properNoun	nor
Grubbestadveien	properNoun	swe	Grubbestadveien	properNoun	nor
Grubesandveien	properNoun	swe	Grubesandveien	properNoun	nor
Gruegata	properNoun	swe	Gruegata	properNoun	nor
Grunden	properNoun	swe	Grunden	properNoun	nor
Grundingen	properNoun	swe	Grundingen	properNoun	nor
Grungbakken	properNoun	swe	Grungbakken	properNoun	nor
Grunnane	properNoun	swe	Grunnane	properNoun	nor
Grunnsundveien	properNoun	swe	Grunnsundveien	properNoun	nor
Grunnvikveien	properNoun	swe	Grunnvikveien	properNoun	nor
Grusveien	properNoun	swe	Grusveien	properNoun	nor
Gruvelia	properNoun	swe	Gruvelia	properNoun	nor
Gruvemyra	properNoun	swe	Gruvemyra	properNoun	nor
Gruveveien	properNoun	swe	Gruveveien	properNoun	nor
Grüners gate	properNoun	swe	Grüners gate	properNoun	nor
Grünerstubben	properNoun	swe	Grünerstubben	properNoun	nor
Grünings løkke	properNoun	swe	Grünings løkke	properNoun	nor
Grynmølleveien	properNoun	swe	Grynmølleveien	properNoun	nor
Grytbakka	properNoun	swe	Grytbakka	properNoun	nor
Grytebekkveien	properNoun	swe	Grytebekkveien	properNoun	nor
Gryteløkka	properNoun	swe	Gryteløkka	properNoun	nor
Grytestien	properNoun	swe	Grytestien	properNoun	nor
Gryteveien	properNoun	swe	Gryteveien	properNoun	nor
Grytingenveien	properNoun	swe	Grytingenveien	properNoun	nor
Grøgårds gate	properNoun	swe	Grøgårds gate	properNoun	nor
Grøndahls vei	properNoun	swe	Grøndahls vei	properNoun	nor
Grønlandskroken	properNoun	swe	Grønlandskroken	properNoun	nor
Grønlandsleiret	properNoun	swe	Grønlandsleiret	properNoun	nor
Grønlands torg	properNoun	swe	Grønlands torg	properNoun	nor
Grønlibakken	properNoun	swe	Grønlibakken	properNoun	nor
Grønliesgate	properNoun	swe	Grønliesgate	properNoun	nor
Grønlikleiva	properNoun	swe	Grønlikleiva	properNoun	nor
Grønliveien	properNoun	swe	Grønliveien	properNoun	nor
Grønmoveien	properNoun	swe	Grønmoveien	properNoun	nor
Grønnegata	properNoun	swe	Grønnegata	properNoun	nor
Grønnegaten	properNoun	swe	Grønnegaten	properNoun	nor
Grønnegrend	properNoun	swe	Grønnegrend	properNoun	nor
Grønnesmauet	properNoun	swe	Grønnesmauet	properNoun	nor
Grønnestølsbakken	properNoun	swe	Grønnestølsbakken	properNoun	nor
Grønnestølslien	properNoun	swe	Grønnestølslien	properNoun	nor
Grønnestølstunet	properNoun	swe	Grønnestølstunet	properNoun	nor
Grønnestølsveien	properNoun	swe	Grønnestølsveien	properNoun	nor
Grønnevollen	properNoun	swe	Grønnevollen	properNoun	nor
Grønnlien	properNoun	swe	Grønnlien	properNoun	nor
Grønnligata	properNoun	swe	Grønnligata	properNoun	nor
Grønskjeret	properNoun	swe	Grønskjeret	properNoun	nor
Grønsundveien	properNoun	swe	Grønsundveien	properNoun	nor
Grønvolds gate	properNoun	swe	Grønvolds gate	properNoun	nor
Grønvoldveien	properNoun	swe	Grønvoldveien	properNoun	nor
Grønvoll allé	properNoun	swe	Grønvoll allé	properNoun	nor
Grønåsen	properNoun	swe	Grønåsen	properNoun	nor
Grønåsveien	properNoun	swe	Grønåsveien	properNoun	nor
Grøtterudveien	properNoun	swe	Grøtterudveien	properNoun	nor
Grøttumsveien	properNoun	swe	Grøttumsveien	properNoun	nor
Grøvlesvingen	properNoun	swe	Grøvlesvingen	properNoun	nor
Graabrødregaten	properNoun	swe	Graabrødregaten	properNoun	nor
Gråbrødreveien	properNoun	swe	Gråbrødreveien	properNoun	nor
Grågåsveien	properNoun	swe	Grågåsveien	properNoun	nor
Graahbakken	properNoun	swe	Graahbakken	properNoun	nor
Gråkamveien	properNoun	swe	Gråkamveien	properNoun	nor
Gråkleivåsen	properNoun	swe	Gråkleivåsen	properNoun	nor
Gråseterveien	properNoun	swe	Gråseterveien	properNoun	nor
Gråsteinveien	properNoun	swe	Gråsteinveien	properNoun	nor
Gråtenveien	properNoun	swe	Gråtenveien	properNoun	nor
Gudes gate	properNoun	swe	Gudes gate	properNoun	nor
Gudmundstien	properNoun	swe	Gudmundstien	properNoun	nor
Gudrun Kolderups Veg	properNoun	swe	Gudrun Kolderups Veg	properNoun	nor
Gudruns vei	properNoun	swe	Gudruns vei	properNoun	nor
Gulbrandshaug	properNoun	swe	Gulbrandshaug	properNoun	nor
Guldberglia	properNoun	swe	Guldberglia	properNoun	nor
Guldbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Guldbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Guldbrandslia	properNoun	swe	Guldbrandslia	properNoun	nor
Gullagata	properNoun	swe	Gullagata	properNoun	nor
Gullbakkveien	properNoun	swe	Gullbakkveien	properNoun	nor
Gullberget	properNoun	swe	Gullberget	properNoun	nor
Gullberlokken	properNoun	swe	Gullberlokken	properNoun	nor
Gullbotn	properNoun	swe	Gullbotn	properNoun	nor
Gulleråsveien	properNoun	swe	Gulleråsveien	properNoun	nor
Gullfjellsvegen	properNoun	swe	Gullfjellsvegen	properNoun	nor
Gullhammar	properNoun	swe	Gullhammar	properNoun	nor
Gullhaugen	properNoun	swe	Gullhaugen	properNoun	nor
Gullhauggrenda	properNoun	swe	Gullhauggrenda	properNoun	nor
Gullhaugstien	properNoun	swe	Gullhaugstien	properNoun	nor
Gullhaug torg	properNoun	swe	Gullhaug torg	properNoun	nor
Gullhaugveien	properNoun	swe	Gullhaugveien	properNoun	nor
Gulliveien	properNoun	swe	Gulliveien	properNoun	nor
Gullivers vei	properNoun	swe	Gullivers vei	properNoun	nor
Gullkroken	properNoun	swe	Gullkroken	properNoun	nor
Gullregnveien	properNoun	swe	Gullregnveien	properNoun	nor
Gullskogården	properNoun	swe	Gullskogården	properNoun	nor
Gullstjerneveien	properNoun	swe	Gullstjerneveien	properNoun	nor
Gullstølsbotn	properNoun	swe	Gullstølsbotn	properNoun	nor
Gullstølslien	properNoun	swe	Gullstølslien	properNoun	nor
Gullstølsstien	properNoun	swe	Gullstølsstien	properNoun	nor
Gullvingeveien	properNoun	swe	Gullvingeveien	properNoun	nor
Gunhildsbakken	properNoun	swe	Gunhildsbakken	properNoun	nor
Gunhilds gate	properNoun	swe	Gunhilds gate	properNoun	nor
Gunhilds vei	properNoun	swe	Gunhilds vei	properNoun	nor
Gunnar Johnsons vei	properNoun	swe	Gunnar Johnsons vei	properNoun	nor
Gunnar Reiss-Andersens gate	properNoun	swe	Gunnar Reiss-Andersens gate	properNoun	nor
Gunnar Schjelderups vei	properNoun	swe	Gunnar Schjelderups vei	properNoun	nor
Gunnars vei	properNoun	swe	Gunnars vei	properNoun	nor
Gunnulvs vei	properNoun	swe	Gunnulvs vei	properNoun	nor
Gunvors vei	properNoun	swe	Gunvors vei	properNoun	nor
Guribysagveien	properNoun	swe	Guribysagveien	properNoun	nor
Gurinestubben	properNoun	swe	Gurinestubben	properNoun	nor
Guristuveien	properNoun	swe	Guristuveien	properNoun	nor
Guslandveien	properNoun	swe	Guslandveien	properNoun	nor
Gustava Kiellands vei	properNoun	swe	Gustava Kiellands vei	properNoun	nor
Gustav Bloms gate	properNoun	swe	Gustav Bloms gate	properNoun	nor
Gustav Hansens gate	properNoun	swe	Gustav Hansens gate	properNoun	nor
Gustav Heibergs vei	properNoun	swe	Gustav Heibergs vei	properNoun	nor
Gustav Jensens gate	properNoun	swe	Gustav Jensens gate	properNoun	nor
Gustavs gate	properNoun	swe	Gustavs gate	properNoun	nor
Gustav Vigelands vei	properNoun	swe	Gustav Vigelands vei	properNoun	nor
Gustholmen	properNoun	swe	Gustholmen	properNoun	nor
Gutenbergsveien	properNoun	swe	Gutenbergsveien	properNoun	nor
Guttorm Jarls vei	properNoun	swe	Guttorm Jarls vei	properNoun	nor
Guvernørens vei	properNoun	swe	Guvernørens vei	properNoun	nor
Gya	properNoun	swe	Gya	properNoun	nor
Gydas vei	properNoun	swe	Gydas vei	properNoun	nor
Güettlerbakken	properNoun	swe	Güettlerbakken	properNoun	nor
Gyl	properNoun	swe	Gyl	properNoun	nor
Gyldenløves gate	properNoun	swe	Gyldenløves gate	properNoun	nor
Gyldenløves gate	properNoun	swe	Gyldenløves gate	properNoun	nor
Gyldenprisveien	properNoun	swe	Gyldenprisveien	properNoun	nor
Gymes vei	properNoun	swe	Gymes vei	properNoun	nor
Gyseterlien	properNoun	swe	Gyseterlien	properNoun	nor
Gyssestadkollen	properNoun	swe	Gyssestadkollen	properNoun	nor
Gyssestadveien	properNoun	swe	Gyssestadveien	properNoun	nor
Gäbleins vei	properNoun	swe	Gäbleins vei	properNoun	nor
Gørbitz' gate	properNoun	swe	Gørbitz' gate	properNoun	nor
Gørvellalléen	properNoun	swe	Gørvellalléen	properNoun	nor
Gørvellplassen	properNoun	swe	Gørvellplassen	properNoun	nor
Gøteborggata	properNoun	swe	Gøteborggata	properNoun	nor
Gøtzsches gate	properNoun	swe	Gøtzsches gate	properNoun	nor
Gårdboveien	properNoun	swe	Gårdboveien	properNoun	nor
Gårdem	properNoun	swe	Gårdem	properNoun	nor
Gårdsbakken	properNoun	swe	Gårdsbakken	properNoun	nor
Gårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Gårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Gåsegangen	properNoun	swe	Gåsegangen	properNoun	nor
Gåserødveien	properNoun	swe	Gåserødveien	properNoun	nor
Gåsestien	properNoun	swe	Gåsestien	properNoun	nor
Gåsøveien	properNoun	swe	Gåsøveien	properNoun	nor
Hadelandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Hadelandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Hafallbrekka	properNoun	swe	Hafallbrekka	properNoun	nor
Hafrakersløyfa	properNoun	swe	Hafrakersløyfa	properNoun	nor
Hafreagerskottet	properNoun	swe	Hafreagerskottet	properNoun	nor
Hafredalsveien	properNoun	swe	Hafredalsveien	properNoun	nor
Hafrsfjordgata	properNoun	swe	Hafrsfjordgata	properNoun	nor
Hafslundveien	properNoun	swe	Hafslundveien	properNoun	nor
Haga	properNoun	swe	Haga	properNoun	nor
Hagaberget	properNoun	swe	Hagaberget	properNoun	nor
Hagabråten	properNoun	swe	Hagabråten	properNoun	nor
Hagalia	properNoun	swe	Hagalia	properNoun	nor
Hagaliveien	properNoun	swe	Hagaliveien	properNoun	nor
Hagaløkka	properNoun	swe	Hagaløkka	properNoun	nor
Hagan	properNoun	swe	Hagan	properNoun	nor
Hagan terrasse	properNoun	swe	Hagan terrasse	properNoun	nor
Hagapynten	properNoun	swe	Hagapynten	properNoun	nor
Hagardsbakken	properNoun	swe	Hagardsbakken	properNoun	nor
Hagaskogen	properNoun	swe	Hagaskogen	properNoun	nor
Hagastubben	properNoun	swe	Hagastubben	properNoun	nor
Hagaveien	properNoun	swe	Hagaveien	properNoun	nor
Hagaås	properNoun	swe	Hagaås	properNoun	nor
Hagebyveien	properNoun	swe	Hagebyveien	properNoun	nor
Hagegata	properNoun	swe	Hagegata	properNoun	nor
Hagelinveien	properNoun	swe	Hagelinveien	properNoun	nor
Hagelundveien	properNoun	swe	Hagelundveien	properNoun	nor
Hagerups vei	properNoun	swe	Hagerups vei	properNoun	nor
Hagevegen	properNoun	swe	Hagevegen	properNoun	nor
Hageveien	properNoun	swe	Hageveien	properNoun	nor
Hagmans vei	properNoun	swe	Hagmans vei	properNoun	nor
Hagtornveien	properNoun	swe	Hagtornveien	properNoun	nor
Hagåsveien	properNoun	swe	Hagåsveien	properNoun	nor
Hakadalsveien	properNoun	swe	Hakadalsveien	properNoun	nor
Hakaveien	properNoun	swe	Hakaveien	properNoun	nor
Haldengata	properNoun	swe	Haldengata	properNoun	nor
Haldenskogveien	properNoun	swe	Haldenskogveien	properNoun	nor
Halden Terrasse	properNoun	swe	Halden Terrasse	properNoun	nor
Haldenveien	properNoun	swe	Haldenveien	properNoun	nor
Halfdan Cleves vei	properNoun	swe	Halfdan Cleves vei	properNoun	nor
Halfdan Jønsson vei	properNoun	swe	Halfdan Jønsson vei	properNoun	nor
Halfdan Kjerulfs gate	properNoun	swe	Halfdan Kjerulfs gate	properNoun	nor
Halfdan Kjerulfs plass	properNoun	swe	Halfdan Kjerulfs plass	properNoun	nor
Halfdan Wilhelmsens allé	properNoun	swe	Halfdan Wilhelmsens allé	properNoun	nor
Hallagerbakken	properNoun	swe	Hallagerbakken	properNoun	nor
Halldis vei	properNoun	swe	Halldis vei	properNoun	nor
Hallenstvedtveien	properNoun	swe	Hallenstvedtveien	properNoun	nor
Hallestredet	properNoun	swe	Hallestredet	properNoun	nor
Hallheimslien	properNoun	swe	Hallheimslien	properNoun	nor
Hallings gate	properNoun	swe	Hallings gate	properNoun	nor
Hallskaret	properNoun	swe	Hallskaret	properNoun	nor
Hallvard Bergves vei	properNoun	swe	Hallvard Bergves vei	properNoun	nor
Hallveien	properNoun	swe	Hallveien	properNoun	nor
Halumveien	properNoun	swe	Halumveien	properNoun	nor
Halvardskirkeplassen	properNoun	swe	Halvardskirkeplassen	properNoun	nor
Halvdan Kvitbeins vei	properNoun	swe	Halvdan Kvitbeins vei	properNoun	nor
Halvdan Svartes gate	properNoun	swe	Halvdan Svartes gate	properNoun	nor
Halvkannebakken	properNoun	swe	Halvkannebakken	properNoun	nor
Halvkannesmauet	properNoun	swe	Halvkannesmauet	properNoun	nor
Halvor Blinderens plass	properNoun	swe	Halvor Blinderens plass	properNoun	nor
Halvor Schous gate	properNoun	swe	Halvor Schous gate	properNoun	nor
Halvorsens vei	properNoun	swe	Halvorsens vei	properNoun	nor
Halvorshagen	properNoun	swe	Halvorshagen	properNoun	nor
Halvor Torgersens vei	properNoun	swe	Halvor Torgersens vei	properNoun	nor
Hamang	properNoun	swe	Hamang	properNoun	nor
Hamangskogen	properNoun	swe	Hamangskogen	properNoun	nor
Hamang Terrasse	properNoun	swe	Hamang Terrasse	properNoun	nor
Hamborgveien	properNoun	swe	Hamborgveien	properNoun	nor
Hamburgkilen	properNoun	swe	Hamburgkilen	properNoun	nor
Hammarslandbakken	properNoun	swe	Hammarslandbakken	properNoun	nor
Hammarslandgrenda	properNoun	swe	Hammarslandgrenda	properNoun	nor
Hammerbakken	properNoun	swe	Hammerbakken	properNoun	nor
Hammerbrogate	properNoun	swe	Hammerbrogate	properNoun	nor
Hammerfestgata	properNoun	swe	Hammerfestgata	properNoun	nor
Hammergata	properNoun	swe	Hammergata	properNoun	nor
Hammersborggata	properNoun	swe	Hammersborggata	properNoun	nor
Hammersborg torg	properNoun	swe	Hammersborg torg	properNoun	nor
Hammerstads gate	properNoun	swe	Hammerstads gate	properNoun	nor
Hammerstadveien	properNoun	swe	Hammerstadveien	properNoun	nor
Hamnaveien	properNoun	swe	Hamnaveien	properNoun	nor
Hamra	properNoun	swe	Hamra	properNoun	nor
Hamran	properNoun	swe	Hamran	properNoun	nor
Hamrehaugen	properNoun	swe	Hamrehaugen	properNoun	nor
Hamreveien	properNoun	swe	Hamreveien	properNoun	nor
Hanefluveien	properNoun	swe	Hanefluveien	properNoun	nor
Haneholmveien	properNoun	swe	Haneholmveien	properNoun	nor
Hangarveien	properNoun	swe	Hangarveien	properNoun	nor
Hanken	properNoun	swe	Hanken	properNoun	nor
Hansagjel	properNoun	swe	Hansagjel	properNoun	nor
Hans Amundsens gate	properNoun	swe	Hans Amundsens gate	properNoun	nor
Hans Amundsens vei	properNoun	swe	Hans Amundsens vei	properNoun	nor
Hansbakken	properNoun	swe	Hansbakken	properNoun	nor
Hans Bakkes vei	properNoun	swe	Hans Bakkes vei	properNoun	nor
Hans Barliens gate	properNoun	swe	Hans Barliens gate	properNoun	nor
Hans Becks vei	properNoun	swe	Hans Becks vei	properNoun	nor
Hans Brattebergs vei	properNoun	swe	Hans Brattebergs vei	properNoun	nor
Hans Burums vei	properNoun	swe	Hans Burums vei	properNoun	nor
Hans C. Gjefles vei	properNoun	swe	Hans C. Gjefles vei	properNoun	nor
Hans Dahls gate	properNoun	swe	Hans Dahls gate	properNoun	nor
Hansegata	properNoun	swe	Hansegata	properNoun	nor
Hansemyrveien	properNoun	swe	Hansemyrveien	properNoun	nor
Hans Haslums vei	properNoun	swe	Hans Haslums vei	properNoun	nor
Hans Hauges gate	properNoun	swe	Hans Hauges gate	properNoun	nor
Hans Holmboes gate	properNoun	swe	Hans Holmboes gate	properNoun	nor
Hans Karolius vei	properNoun	swe	Hans Karolius vei	properNoun	nor
Hans Mustads gate	properNoun	swe	Hans Mustads gate	properNoun	nor
Hans Møller Gasmanns vei	properNoun	swe	Hans Møller Gasmanns vei	properNoun	nor
Hans Nielsen Hauges gate	properNoun	swe	Hans Nielsen Hauges gate	properNoun	nor
Hans Nielsen Hauges plass	properNoun	swe	Hans Nielsen Hauges plass	properNoun	nor
Hans Pettersvei	properNoun	swe	Hans Pettersvei	properNoun	nor
Hans Ross' gate	properNoun	swe	Hans Ross' gate	properNoun	nor
Hans Schjelderups vei	properNoun	swe	Hans Schjelderups vei	properNoun	nor
Hans Steinpukkers vei	properNoun	swe	Hans Steinpukkers vei	properNoun	nor
Hans Tanks gate	properNoun	swe	Hans Tanks gate	properNoun	nor
Hansteens gate	properNoun	swe	Hansteens gate	properNoun	nor
Hans Øverlands vei	properNoun	swe	Hans Øverlands vei	properNoun	nor
Hans Aanruds vei	properNoun	swe	Hans Aanruds vei	properNoun	nor
Hansåsen	properNoun	swe	Hansåsen	properNoun	nor
Hanåveien	properNoun	swe	Hanåveien	properNoun	nor
Harafjell	properNoun	swe	Harafjell	properNoun	nor
Harald Halvorsens vei	properNoun	swe	Harald Halvorsens vei	properNoun	nor
Harald Hårdrådes plass	properNoun	swe	Harald Hårdrådes plass	properNoun	nor
Harald Hårfagres gate	properNoun	swe	Harald Hårfagres gate	properNoun	nor
Harald Hårfagresvei	properNoun	swe	Harald Hårfagresvei	properNoun	nor
Harald Løvenskiolds vei	properNoun	swe	Harald Løvenskiolds vei	properNoun	nor
Haraldrudveien	properNoun	swe	Haraldrudveien	properNoun	nor
Harald Rømckes vei	properNoun	swe	Harald Rømckes vei	properNoun	nor
Haralds gate	properNoun	swe	Haralds gate	properNoun	nor
Haraldsheimveien	properNoun	swe	Haraldsheimveien	properNoun	nor
Harald Silsands vei	properNoun	swe	Harald Silsands vei	properNoun	nor
Harald Skjolds vei	properNoun	swe	Harald Skjolds vei	properNoun	nor
Harald Sohlbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Harald Sohlbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Haraldsrødveien	properNoun	swe	Haraldsrødveien	properNoun	nor
Haralds vei	properNoun	swe	Haralds vei	properNoun	nor
Harald Sæveruds Veg	properNoun	swe	Harald Sæveruds Veg	properNoun	nor
Harald Økerns vei	properNoun	swe	Harald Økerns vei	properNoun	nor
Haraløkka	properNoun	swe	Haraløkka	properNoun	nor
Haramsfjordtunnelen	properNoun	swe	Haramsfjordtunnelen	properNoun	nor
Harang	properNoun	swe	Harang	properNoun	nor
Harbitzalléen	properNoun	swe	Harbitzalléen	properNoun	nor
Harbitz gate	properNoun	swe	Harbitz gate	properNoun	nor
Hardangervegen	properNoun	swe	Hardangervegen	properNoun	nor
Harebakken	properNoun	swe	Harebakken	properNoun	nor
Hareidporten	properNoun	swe	Hareidporten	properNoun	nor
Harelabbveien	properNoun	swe	Harelabbveien	properNoun	nor
Harestien	properNoun	swe	Harestien	properNoun	nor
Haresvingen	properNoun	swe	Haresvingen	properNoun	nor
Hareveien	properNoun	swe	Hareveien	properNoun	nor
Harreschous vei	properNoun	swe	Harreschous vei	properNoun	nor
Harriet Backers gate	properNoun	swe	Harriet Backers gate	properNoun	nor
Harriet Backers vei	properNoun	swe	Harriet Backers vei	properNoun	nor
Harry Fetts vei	properNoun	swe	Harry Fetts vei	properNoun	nor
Harstenveien	properNoun	swe	Harstenveien	properNoun	nor
Hartmanns vei	properNoun	swe	Hartmanns vei	properNoun	nor
Hartvig Halvorsens vei	properNoun	swe	Hartvig Halvorsens vei	properNoun	nor
Harvikveien	properNoun	swe	Harvikveien	properNoun	nor
Haråsveien	properNoun	swe	Haråsveien	properNoun	nor
Hasbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Hasbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Haslebakken	properNoun	swe	Haslebakken	properNoun	nor
Haslefetbakken	properNoun	swe	Haslefetbakken	properNoun	nor
Haslekroken	properNoun	swe	Haslekroken	properNoun	nor
Hasleskogveien	properNoun	swe	Hasleskogveien	properNoun	nor
Haslevangen	properNoun	swe	Haslevangen	properNoun	nor
Hasleveien	properNoun	swe	Hasleveien	properNoun	nor
Haslevollen	properNoun	swe	Haslevollen	properNoun	nor
Haslum terrasse	properNoun	swe	Haslum terrasse	properNoun	nor
Hasselbakken	properNoun	swe	Hasselbakken	properNoun	nor
Hasselhaugveien	properNoun	swe	Hasselhaugveien	properNoun	nor
Hasselstien	properNoun	swe	Hasselstien	properNoun	nor
Hasselvegen	properNoun	swe	Hasselvegen	properNoun	nor
Hasselveien	properNoun	swe	Hasselveien	properNoun	nor
Hasåsgrenda	properNoun	swe	Hasåsgrenda	properNoun	nor
Hatlaås	properNoun	swe	Hatlaås	properNoun	nor
Hatlehaugvegen	properNoun	swe	Hatlehaugvegen	properNoun	nor
Hatleli	properNoun	swe	Hatleli	properNoun	nor
Hatlestadlia	properNoun	swe	Hatlestadlia	properNoun	nor
Hatlestad Terrasse	properNoun	swe	Hatlestad Terrasse	properNoun	nor
Hatleveien	properNoun	swe	Hatleveien	properNoun	nor
Hauanstubben	properNoun	swe	Hauanstubben	properNoun	nor
Hauanveien	properNoun	swe	Hauanveien	properNoun	nor
Hauanåsen	properNoun	swe	Hauanåsen	properNoun	nor
Hauchs gate	properNoun	swe	Hauchs gate	properNoun	nor
Haugakleiva	properNoun	swe	Haugakleiva	properNoun	nor
Haugakollveien	properNoun	swe	Haugakollveien	properNoun	nor
Haugangrenda	properNoun	swe	Haugangrenda	properNoun	nor
Haugarveien	properNoun	swe	Haugarveien	properNoun	nor
Haugatingsgaten	properNoun	swe	Haugatingsgaten	properNoun	nor
Haugbakken	properNoun	swe	Haugbakken	properNoun	nor
Haugen	properNoun	swe	Haugen	properNoun	nor
Haugenslettveien	properNoun	swe	Haugenslettveien	properNoun	nor
Haugenstien	properNoun	swe	Haugenstien	properNoun	nor
Haugenstuveien	properNoun	swe	Haugenstuveien	properNoun	nor
Haugenveien	properNoun	swe	Haugenveien	properNoun	nor
Haugerkroken	properNoun	swe	Haugerkroken	properNoun	nor
Hauger skolevei	properNoun	swe	Hauger skolevei	properNoun	nor
Haugerudbakken	properNoun	swe	Haugerudbakken	properNoun	nor
Haugerudhagan	properNoun	swe	Haugerudhagan	properNoun	nor
Haugerudsenteret	properNoun	swe	Haugerudsenteret	properNoun	nor
Haugerudtunet	properNoun	swe	Haugerudtunet	properNoun	nor
Haugerudveien	properNoun	swe	Haugerudveien	properNoun	nor
Haugesmauet	properNoun	swe	Haugesmauet	properNoun	nor
Hauges vei	properNoun	swe	Hauges vei	properNoun	nor
Haugeveien	properNoun	swe	Haugeveien	properNoun	nor
Hauggata	properNoun	swe	Hauggata	properNoun	nor
Haugjordet	properNoun	swe	Haugjordet	properNoun	nor
Hauglandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Hauglandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Haugmannsveien	properNoun	swe	Haugmannsveien	properNoun	nor
Haugmoveien	properNoun	swe	Haugmoveien	properNoun	nor
Haugs gate	properNoun	swe	Haugs gate	properNoun	nor
Haugsåsen	properNoun	swe	Haugsåsen	properNoun	nor
Haugtunveien	properNoun	swe	Haugtunveien	properNoun	nor
Haukabø	properNoun	swe	Haukabø	properNoun	nor
Haukeberget	properNoun	swe	Haukeberget	properNoun	nor
Haukedalen	properNoun	swe	Haukedalen	properNoun	nor
Haukedalsbotn	properNoun	swe	Haukedalsbotn	properNoun	nor
Haukedalsbrotet	properNoun	swe	Haukedalsbrotet	properNoun	nor
Haukedalsveien	properNoun	swe	Haukedalsveien	properNoun	nor
Haukelandsbakken	properNoun	swe	Haukelandsbakken	properNoun	nor
Haukelandsveien	properNoun	swe	Haukelandsveien	properNoun	nor
Haukelibakken	properNoun	swe	Haukelibakken	properNoun	nor
Haukeliseter	properNoun	swe	Haukeliseter	properNoun	nor
Hauketosvingen	properNoun	swe	Hauketosvingen	properNoun	nor
Hauketotoppen	properNoun	swe	Hauketotoppen	properNoun	nor
Hauketoveien	properNoun	swe	Hauketoveien	properNoun	nor
Hauketoåsen	properNoun	swe	Hauketoåsen	properNoun	nor
Haukeveien	properNoun	swe	Haukeveien	properNoun	nor
Haukvikenga	properNoun	swe	Haukvikenga	properNoun	nor
Haukåsvegen	properNoun	swe	Haukåsvegen	properNoun	nor
Hausdalsvegen	properNoun	swe	Hausdalsvegen	properNoun	nor
Hausmanns gate	properNoun	swe	Hausmanns gate	properNoun	nor
Haustbeitet	properNoun	swe	Haustbeitet	properNoun	nor
Havegaten	properNoun	swe	Havegaten	properNoun	nor
Havgapet	properNoun	swe	Havgapet	properNoun	nor
Havna	properNoun	swe	Havna	properNoun	nor
Havna allé	properNoun	swe	Havna allé	properNoun	nor
Havnabakken	properNoun	swe	Havnabakken	properNoun	nor
Havnebakken	properNoun	swe	Havnebakken	properNoun	nor
Havnegata	properNoun	swe	Havnegata	properNoun	nor
Havnegata	properNoun	swe	Havnegata	properNoun	nor
Havnegaten	properNoun	swe	Havnegaten	properNoun	nor
Havnehagan	properNoun	swe	Havnehagan	properNoun	nor
Havneløkka	properNoun	swe	Havneløkka	properNoun	nor
Havnesporet	properNoun	swe	Havnesporet	properNoun	nor
Havneveien	properNoun	swe	Havneveien	properNoun	nor
Havreveien	properNoun	swe	Havreveien	properNoun	nor
Havørnveien	properNoun	swe	Havørnveien	properNoun	nor
Haxthausens gate	properNoun	swe	Haxthausens gate	properNoun	nor
H. B. Falks gate	properNoun	swe	H. B. Falks gate	properNoun	nor
H. Chr. Bjerings veg	properNoun	swe	H. Chr. Bjerings veg	properNoun	nor
Heddeveien	properNoun	swe	Heddeveien	properNoun	nor
Hedenstadveien	properNoun	swe	Hedenstadveien	properNoun	nor
Hedmarksgata	properNoun	swe	Hedmarksgata	properNoun	nor
Hednemyrsvegen	properNoun	swe	Hednemyrsvegen	properNoun	nor
Hednevegen	properNoun	swe	Hednevegen	properNoun	nor
Hedrumgaten	properNoun	swe	Hedrumgaten	properNoun	nor
Hedrum Ravei	properNoun	swe	Hedrum Ravei	properNoun	nor
Heftyebakken	properNoun	swe	Heftyebakken	properNoun	nor
Hegdehaugsveien	properNoun	swe	Hegdehaugsveien	properNoun	nor
Hegerberg	properNoun	swe	Hegerberg	properNoun	nor
Hegerberget	properNoun	swe	Hegerberget	properNoun	nor
Hegermanns gate	properNoun	swe	Hegermanns gate	properNoun	nor
Hegermanns plass	properNoun	swe	Hegermanns plass	properNoun	nor
Heges vei	properNoun	swe	Heges vei	properNoun	nor
Heggebakken	properNoun	swe	Heggebakken	properNoun	nor
Heggebærstien	properNoun	swe	Heggebærstien	properNoun	nor
Heggedalveien	properNoun	swe	Heggedalveien	properNoun	nor
Heggelia	properNoun	swe	Heggelia	properNoun	nor
Heggelibakken	properNoun	swe	Heggelibakken	properNoun	nor
Heggeliveien	properNoun	swe	Heggeliveien	properNoun	nor
Heggesmauet	properNoun	swe	Heggesmauet	properNoun	nor
Heggesnaret	properNoun	swe	Heggesnaret	properNoun	nor
Heggestien	properNoun	swe	Heggestien	properNoun	nor
Heggeveien	properNoun	swe	Heggeveien	properNoun	nor
Heggur	properNoun	swe	Heggur	properNoun	nor
Heggveien	properNoun	swe	Heggveien	properNoun	nor
Hegnabakken	properNoun	swe	Hegnabakken	properNoun	nor
Hegnasletta	properNoun	swe	Hegnasletta	properNoun	nor
Hegnaveien	properNoun	swe	Hegnaveien	properNoun	nor
Hegrenesveien	properNoun	swe	Hegrenesveien	properNoun	nor
Hegreveien	properNoun	swe	Hegreveien	properNoun	nor
Heia	properNoun	swe	Heia	properNoun	nor
Heiabakken	properNoun	swe	Heiabakken	properNoun	nor
Heiane	properNoun	swe	Heiane	properNoun	nor
Heiasvingen	properNoun	swe	Heiasvingen	properNoun	nor
Heiavegen	properNoun	swe	Heiavegen	properNoun	nor
Heiaveien	properNoun	swe	Heiaveien	properNoun	nor
Heibergs gate	properNoun	swe	Heibergs gate	properNoun	nor
Heibergs gate	properNoun	swe	Heibergs gate	properNoun	nor
Heierstuveien	properNoun	swe	Heierstuveien	properNoun	nor
Heikampveien	properNoun	swe	Heikampveien	properNoun	nor
Heiloveien	properNoun	swe	Heiloveien	properNoun	nor
Heimdalsgata	properNoun	swe	Heimdalsgata	properNoun	nor
Heimdals gate	properNoun	swe	Heimdals gate	properNoun	nor
Heimdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Heimdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Heimdalsvingen	properNoun	swe	Heimdalsvingen	properNoun	nor
Heimdalsåsen	properNoun	swe	Heimdalsåsen	properNoun	nor
Heimdaltunet	properNoun	swe	Heimdaltunet	properNoun	nor
Heimdalveien	properNoun	swe	Heimdalveien	properNoun	nor
Heimlibakken	properNoun	swe	Heimlibakken	properNoun	nor
Heimlylia	properNoun	swe	Heimlylia	properNoun	nor
Heinsagata	properNoun	swe	Heinsagata	properNoun	nor
Hekkeløpveien	properNoun	swe	Hekkeløpveien	properNoun	nor
Hekkensmyrveien	properNoun	swe	Hekkensmyrveien	properNoun	nor
Hekkveien	properNoun	swe	Hekkveien	properNoun	nor
Hektors vei	properNoun	swe	Hektors vei	properNoun	nor
Helene Sembs vei	properNoun	swe	Helene Sembs vei	properNoun	nor
Helga Helgesens gate	properNoun	swe	Helga Helgesens gate	properNoun	nor
Helga Helgesens plass	properNoun	swe	Helga Helgesens plass	properNoun	nor
Helga Vaneks vei	properNoun	swe	Helga Vaneks vei	properNoun	nor
Helga Wærps vei	properNoun	swe	Helga Wærps vei	properNoun	nor
Helgehorn	properNoun	swe	Helgehorn	properNoun	nor
Helgeplasset	properNoun	swe	Helgeplasset	properNoun	nor
Helgerudvegen	properNoun	swe	Helgerudvegen	properNoun	nor
Helgerødgrenda	properNoun	swe	Helgerødgrenda	properNoun	nor
Helgerødsletta	properNoun	swe	Helgerødsletta	properNoun	nor
Helgerødveien	properNoun	swe	Helgerødveien	properNoun	nor
Helgesens gate	properNoun	swe	Helgesens gate	properNoun	nor
Helgesens gate	properNoun	swe	Helgesens gate	properNoun	nor
Helge Sollies vei	properNoun	swe	Helge Sollies vei	properNoun	nor
Hell	properNoun	swe	Hell	properNoun	nor
Hellandsgården	properNoun	swe	Hellandsgården	properNoun	nor
Helldalsgrenden	properNoun	swe	Helldalsgrenden	properNoun	nor
Helldalshaugen	properNoun	swe	Helldalshaugen	properNoun	nor
Helldalslien	properNoun	swe	Helldalslien	properNoun	nor
Helldalsneset	properNoun	swe	Helldalsneset	properNoun	nor
Helldalsstølen	properNoun	swe	Helldalsstølen	properNoun	nor
Helldalssåta	properNoun	swe	Helldalssåta	properNoun	nor
Helle	properNoun	swe	Helle	properNoun	nor
Hellebakken	properNoun	swe	Hellebakken	properNoun	nor
Hellebergveien	properNoun	swe	Hellebergveien	properNoun	nor
Hellerudfaret	properNoun	swe	Hellerudfaret	properNoun	nor
Hellerudgrenda	properNoun	swe	Hellerudgrenda	properNoun	nor
Hellerud gårdsvei	properNoun	swe	Hellerud gårdsvei	properNoun	nor
Hellerudstubben	properNoun	swe	Hellerudstubben	properNoun	nor
Hellerudsvingen	properNoun	swe	Hellerudsvingen	properNoun	nor
Hellerud terrasse	properNoun	swe	Hellerud terrasse	properNoun	nor
Hellerudveien	properNoun	swe	Hellerudveien	properNoun	nor
Hellesknatten	properNoun	swe	Hellesknatten	properNoun	nor
Hellestvedtveien	properNoun	swe	Hellestvedtveien	properNoun	nor
Hellesvingen	properNoun	swe	Hellesvingen	properNoun	nor
Hellesyltporten	properNoun	swe	Hellesyltporten	properNoun	nor
Helleveien	properNoun	swe	Helleveien	properNoun	nor
Hellinga	properNoun	swe	Hellinga	properNoun	nor
Hellirovegen	properNoun	swe	Hellirovegen	properNoun	nor
Helmers vei	properNoun	swe	Helmers vei	properNoun	nor
Helmerveien	properNoun	swe	Helmerveien	properNoun	nor
Helsetdammen	properNoun	swe	Helsetdammen	properNoun	nor
Helsethagan	properNoun	swe	Helsethagan	properNoun	nor
Helsethellinga	properNoun	swe	Helsethellinga	properNoun	nor
Helsetveien	properNoun	swe	Helsetveien	properNoun	nor
Helsings gate	properNoun	swe	Helsings gate	properNoun	nor
Heltzens vei	properNoun	swe	Heltzens vei	properNoun	nor
Hemingveien	properNoun	swe	Hemingveien	properNoun	nor
Hemmestveitbakken	properNoun	swe	Hemmestveitbakken	properNoun	nor
Hemsbakken	properNoun	swe	Hemsbakken	properNoun	nor
Hemsgata	properNoun	swe	Hemsgata	properNoun	nor
Henckels gate	properNoun	swe	Henckels gate	properNoun	nor
Hengsengveien	properNoun	swe	Hengsengveien	properNoun	nor
Hengsleveien	properNoun	swe	Hengsleveien	properNoun	nor
Hennebysmauet	properNoun	swe	Hennebysmauet	properNoun	nor
Henning Tønsbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Henning Tønsbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Henrichsdammen	properNoun	swe	Henrichsdammen	properNoun	nor
Henrichsens gate	properNoun	swe	Henrichsens gate	properNoun	nor
Henrik Backers vei	properNoun	swe	Henrik Backers vei	properNoun	nor
Henrik Bechs vei	properNoun	swe	Henrik Bechs vei	properNoun	nor
Henrik Ibsens gate	properNoun	swe	Henrik Ibsens gate	properNoun	nor
Henrik Jægers vei	properNoun	swe	Henrik Jægers vei	properNoun	nor
Henrik Klausens gate	properNoun	swe	Henrik Klausens gate	properNoun	nor
Henrik Mohns plass	properNoun	swe	Henrik Mohns plass	properNoun	nor
Henrik Mohns vei	properNoun	swe	Henrik Mohns vei	properNoun	nor
Henrikstøa	properNoun	swe	Henrikstøa	properNoun	nor
Henriks vei	properNoun	swe	Henriks vei	properNoun	nor
Henrik Sørensens vei	properNoun	swe	Henrik Sørensens vei	properNoun	nor
Henrik Wergelands allé	properNoun	swe	Henrik Wergelands allé	properNoun	nor
Henrik Wergelands gate	properNoun	swe	Henrik Wergelands gate	properNoun	nor
Henry Lehres vei	properNoun	swe	Henry Lehres vei	properNoun	nor
Herbernveien	properNoun	swe	Herbernveien	properNoun	nor
Herdis vei	properNoun	swe	Herdis vei	properNoun	nor
Herkules vei	properNoun	swe	Herkules vei	properNoun	nor
Herlandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Herlandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Herlaugsbakkane	properNoun	swe	Herlaugsbakkane	properNoun	nor
Herman Foss' gate	properNoun	swe	Herman Foss' gate	properNoun	nor
Herman Grans vei	properNoun	swe	Herman Grans vei	properNoun	nor
Hermann Foss gate	properNoun	swe	Hermann Foss gate	properNoun	nor
Hermelinveien	properNoun	swe	Hermelinveien	properNoun	nor
Herregårdsbakken	properNoun	swe	Herregårdsbakken	properNoun	nor
Herregårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Herregårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Herrejordet	properNoun	swe	Herrejordet	properNoun	nor
Herreportveien	properNoun	swe	Herreportveien	properNoun	nor
Herre-Skjelbred	properNoun	swe	Herre-Skjelbred	properNoun	nor
Herreveien	properNoun	swe	Herreveien	properNoun	nor
Herslebs gate	properNoun	swe	Herslebs gate	properNoun	nor
Hersvik	properNoun	swe	Hersvik	properNoun	nor
Hertug Guthorms gate	properNoun	swe	Hertug Guthorms gate	properNoun	nor
Hertug Skules gate	properNoun	swe	Hertug Skules gate	properNoun	nor
Hertzbergs gate	properNoun	swe	Hertzbergs gate	properNoun	nor
Herumveien	properNoun	swe	Herumveien	properNoun	nor
Hesbyveien	properNoun	swe	Hesbyveien	properNoun	nor
Hesjaholtveien	properNoun	swe	Hesjaholtveien	properNoun	nor
Hesjakollen	properNoun	swe	Hesjakollen	properNoun	nor
Hesjedal	properNoun	swe	Hesjedal	properNoun	nor
Hesjeveien	properNoun	swe	Hesjeveien	properNoun	nor
Heskestad	properNoun	swe	Heskestad	properNoun	nor
Hesselbergs gate	properNoun	swe	Hesselbergs gate	properNoun	nor
Hestehagen	properNoun	swe	Hestehagen	properNoun	nor
Hestehaugen	properNoun	swe	Hestehaugen	properNoun	nor
Hestehavna	properNoun	swe	Hestehavna	properNoun	nor
Hestenga	properNoun	swe	Hestenga	properNoun	nor
Hesteskoen	properNoun	swe	Hesteskoen	properNoun	nor
Hesthaugvegen	properNoun	swe	Hesthaugvegen	properNoun	nor
Hetlebakkvegen	properNoun	swe	Hetlebakkvegen	properNoun	nor
Hetlevikstraumen	properNoun	swe	Hetlevikstraumen	properNoun	nor
Hetlevikstølen	properNoun	swe	Hetlevikstølen	properNoun	nor
Hetleviktoppen	properNoun	swe	Hetleviktoppen	properNoun	nor
Hetlevikåsen	properNoun	swe	Hetlevikåsen	properNoun	nor
Hette	properNoun	swe	Hette	properNoun	nor
Heyerdahls vei	properNoun	swe	Heyerdahls vei	properNoun	nor
H. H. Lingjerdes veg	properNoun	swe	H. H. Lingjerdes veg	properNoun	nor
Hieronymus Heyerdahls gate	properNoun	swe	Hieronymus Heyerdahls gate	properNoun	nor
Hilbrandt Meyers gate	properNoun	swe	Hilbrandt Meyers gate	properNoun	nor
Hildertunet	properNoun	swe	Hildertunet	properNoun	nor
Hildes vei	properNoun	swe	Hildes vei	properNoun	nor
Hilds vei	properNoun	swe	Hilds vei	properNoun	nor
Hildurbakken	properNoun	swe	Hildurbakken	properNoun	nor
Hillerenveien	properNoun	swe	Hillerenveien	properNoun	nor
Hillevåg	properNoun	swe	Hillevåg	properNoun	nor
Hillratjønnveien	properNoun	swe	Hillratjønnveien	properNoun	nor
Hiltonkroken	properNoun	swe	Hiltonkroken	properNoun	nor
Hiltonveien	properNoun	swe	Hiltonveien	properNoun	nor
Hiltonåsen	properNoun	swe	Hiltonåsen	properNoun	nor
Himbergveien	properNoun	swe	Himbergveien	properNoun	nor
Hinderveien	properNoun	swe	Hinderveien	properNoun	nor
Hindtåsveien	properNoun	swe	Hindtåsveien	properNoun	nor
Hiorts gate	properNoun	swe	Hiorts gate	properNoun	nor
Hisdal	properNoun	swe	Hisdal	properNoun	nor
Hitlandsbakkane	properNoun	swe	Hitlandsbakkane	properNoun	nor
Hjalmar Brantings vei	properNoun	swe	Hjalmar Brantings vei	properNoun	nor
Hjalmar Jordans vei	properNoun	swe	Hjalmar Jordans vei	properNoun	nor
Hjalmar Larsens gate	properNoun	swe	Hjalmar Larsens gate	properNoun	nor
Hjaltlandsgata	properNoun	swe	Hjaltlandsgata	properNoun	nor
Hjarnesveien	properNoun	swe	Hjarnesveien	properNoun	nor
Hjartåberg	properNoun	swe	Hjartåberg	properNoun	nor
Hjellestadnipen	properNoun	swe	Hjellestadnipen	properNoun	nor
Hjellestadvarden	properNoun	swe	Hjellestadvarden	properNoun	nor
Hjellestadvegen	properNoun	swe	Hjellestadvegen	properNoun	nor
Hjellmyra	properNoun	swe	Hjellmyra	properNoun	nor
Hjellmyrnakken	properNoun	swe	Hjellmyrnakken	properNoun	nor
Hjelmbybakken	properNoun	swe	Hjelmbybakken	properNoun	nor
Hjelms gate	properNoun	swe	Hjelms gate	properNoun	nor
Hjelms vei	properNoun	swe	Hjelms vei	properNoun	nor
Hjelmås	properNoun	swe	Hjelmås	properNoun	nor
Hjelterygg	properNoun	swe	Hjelterygg	properNoun	nor
Hjelvik	properNoun	swe	Hjelvik	properNoun	nor
Hjemliveien	properNoun	swe	Hjemliveien	properNoun	nor
Hjertnespromenaden	properNoun	swe	Hjertnespromenaden	properNoun	nor
Hjortefaret	properNoun	swe	Hjortefaret	properNoun	nor
Hjorteveien	properNoun	swe	Hjorteveien	properNoun	nor
Hjorthehaven	properNoun	swe	Hjorthehaven	properNoun	nor
Hjortlandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Hjortlandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Hjørungavåggata	properNoun	swe	Hjørungavåggata	properNoun	nor
Hjørungkroken	properNoun	swe	Hjørungkroken	properNoun	nor
Hjørungveien	properNoun	swe	Hjørungveien	properNoun	nor
Hoberveien	properNoun	swe	Hoberveien	properNoun	nor
Hockeyveien	properNoun	swe	Hockeyveien	properNoun	nor
Hoffmanns vei	properNoun	swe	Hoffmanns vei	properNoun	nor
Hoffsbakken	properNoun	swe	Hoffsbakken	properNoun	nor
Hoffselvpromenaden	properNoun	swe	Hoffselvpromenaden	properNoun	nor
Hoffs gate	properNoun	swe	Hoffs gate	properNoun	nor
Hoffs gate	properNoun	swe	Hoffs gate	properNoun	nor
Hoffsjef Løvenskiolds vei	properNoun	swe	Hoffsjef Løvenskiolds vei	properNoun	nor
Hoffsveien	properNoun	swe	Hoffsveien	properNoun	nor
Hoff terrasse	properNoun	swe	Hoff terrasse	properNoun	nor
Hofftunet	properNoun	swe	Hofftunet	properNoun	nor
Hofgaards gate	properNoun	swe	Hofgaards gate	properNoun	nor
Hofsteinveien	properNoun	swe	Hofsteinveien	properNoun	nor
Hogsnesbakken	properNoun	swe	Hogsnesbakken	properNoun	nor
Hogsnesveien	properNoun	swe	Hogsnesveien	properNoun	nor
Hojern	properNoun	swe	Hojern	properNoun	nor
Hoksrødveien	properNoun	swe	Hoksrødveien	properNoun	nor
Holalien	properNoun	swe	Holalien	properNoun	nor
Holand	properNoun	swe	Holand	properNoun	nor
Holbergsallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Holbergsallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Holbergs gate	properNoun	swe	Holbergs gate	properNoun	nor
Holbergskaien	properNoun	swe	Holbergskaien	properNoun	nor
Holbergs plass	properNoun	swe	Holbergs plass	properNoun	nor
Holegata	properNoun	swe	Holegata	properNoun	nor
Holemark	properNoun	swe	Holemark	properNoun	nor
Holgerslystveien	properNoun	swe	Holgerslystveien	properNoun	nor
Hollendergata	properNoun	swe	Hollendergata	properNoun	nor
Hollendergaten	properNoun	swe	Hollendergaten	properNoun	nor
Hollenderåsen	properNoun	swe	Hollenderåsen	properNoun	nor
Holmaveien	properNoun	swe	Holmaveien	properNoun	nor
Holmboes gate	properNoun	swe	Holmboes gate	properNoun	nor
Holmbrua	properNoun	swe	Holmbrua	properNoun	nor
Holmedalsgården	properNoun	swe	Holmedalsgården	properNoun	nor
Holmendammen terrasse	properNoun	swe	Holmendammen terrasse	properNoun	nor
Holmenenga	properNoun	swe	Holmenenga	properNoun	nor
Holmeneveien	properNoun	swe	Holmeneveien	properNoun	nor
Holmengrenda	properNoun	swe	Holmengrenda	properNoun	nor
Holmenhaugen	properNoun	swe	Holmenhaugen	properNoun	nor
Holmenkollveien	properNoun	swe	Holmenkollveien	properNoun	nor
Holmens gate	properNoun	swe	Holmens gate	properNoun	nor
Holmensletta	properNoun	swe	Holmensletta	properNoun	nor
Holmenveien	properNoun	swe	Holmenveien	properNoun	nor
Holmestrandgata	properNoun	swe	Holmestrandgata	properNoun	nor
Holmestrandgaten	properNoun	swe	Holmestrandgaten	properNoun	nor
Holmlia senter vei	properNoun	swe	Holmlia senter vei	properNoun	nor
Holmliaveien	properNoun	swe	Holmliaveien	properNoun	nor
Holmliveien	properNoun	swe	Holmliveien	properNoun	nor
Holmsåsen	properNoun	swe	Holmsåsen	properNoun	nor
Holmveien	properNoun	swe	Holmveien	properNoun	nor
Holsteinveien	properNoun	swe	Holsteinveien	properNoun	nor
Holsts gate	properNoun	swe	Holsts gate	properNoun	nor
Holsts vei	properNoun	swe	Holsts vei	properNoun	nor
Holtankroken	properNoun	swe	Holtankroken	properNoun	nor
Holtanveien	properNoun	swe	Holtanveien	properNoun	nor
Holtastølen	properNoun	swe	Holtastølen	properNoun	nor
Holtavegen	properNoun	swe	Holtavegen	properNoun	nor
Holtaåsen	properNoun	swe	Holtaåsen	properNoun	nor
Holtebakken	properNoun	swe	Holtebakken	properNoun	nor
Holtegata	properNoun	swe	Holtegata	properNoun	nor
Holtegården	properNoun	swe	Holtegården	properNoun	nor
Holtermann Knudsens gate	properNoun	swe	Holtermann Knudsens gate	properNoun	nor
Holtestø	properNoun	swe	Holtestø	properNoun	nor
Holteveien	properNoun	swe	Holteveien	properNoun	nor
Holtgata	properNoun	swe	Holtgata	properNoun	nor
Holtveien	properNoun	swe	Holtveien	properNoun	nor
Homansbakken	properNoun	swe	Homansbakken	properNoun	nor
Homans vei	properNoun	swe	Homans vei	properNoun	nor
Honerødveien	properNoun	swe	Honerødveien	properNoun	nor
Honganvik	properNoun	swe	Honganvik	properNoun	nor
Honningsoppen	properNoun	swe	Honningsoppen	properNoun	nor
Hopla	properNoun	swe	Hopla	properNoun	nor
Hoppveien	properNoun	swe	Hoppveien	properNoun	nor
Hops	properNoun	swe	Hops	properNoun	nor
Hopsnesveien	properNoun	swe	Hopsnesveien	properNoun	nor
Hopsåsen	properNoun	swe	Hopsåsen	properNoun	nor
Hop Terrasse	properNoun	swe	Hop Terrasse	properNoun	nor
Hordagaten	properNoun	swe	Hordagaten	properNoun	nor
Hordnesveien	properNoun	swe	Hordnesveien	properNoun	nor
Hordvik	properNoun	swe	Hordvik	properNoun	nor
Hordvikneset	properNoun	swe	Hordvikneset	properNoun	nor
Hordvikvegen	properNoun	swe	Hordvikvegen	properNoun	nor
Horisonten	properNoun	swe	Horisonten	properNoun	nor
Horneløkka	properNoun	swe	Horneløkka	properNoun	nor
Hornfjellveien	properNoun	swe	Hornfjellveien	properNoun	nor
Horniveien	properNoun	swe	Horniveien	properNoun	nor
Hornsruds vei	properNoun	swe	Hornsruds vei	properNoun	nor
Horntvedtveien	properNoun	swe	Horntvedtveien	properNoun	nor
Hortengata	properNoun	swe	Hortengata	properNoun	nor
Hortensveien	properNoun	swe	Hortensveien	properNoun	nor
Hoslebakken	properNoun	swe	Hoslebakken	properNoun	nor
Hoslegata	properNoun	swe	Hoslegata	properNoun	nor
Hoslejordet	properNoun	swe	Hoslejordet	properNoun	nor
Hoslekroken	properNoun	swe	Hoslekroken	properNoun	nor
Hosletoppen	properNoun	swe	Hosletoppen	properNoun	nor
Hosleveien	properNoun	swe	Hosleveien	properNoun	nor
Hospitalgata	properNoun	swe	Hospitalgata	properNoun	nor
Hospitalsgata	properNoun	swe	Hospitalsgata	properNoun	nor
Hospitalstredet	properNoun	swe	Hospitalstredet	properNoun	nor
Hospitsveien	properNoun	swe	Hospitsveien	properNoun	nor
Hosteland	properNoun	swe	Hosteland	properNoun	nor
Hotvedtskogen	properNoun	swe	Hotvedtskogen	properNoun	nor
Hotvedtveien	properNoun	swe	Hotvedtveien	properNoun	nor
Hougens gate	properNoun	swe	Hougens gate	properNoun	nor
Hovdenflaten	properNoun	swe	Hovdenflaten	properNoun	nor
Hovdenlien	properNoun	swe	Hovdenlien	properNoun	nor
Hovdenveien	properNoun	swe	Hovdenveien	properNoun	nor
Hovdevegen	properNoun	swe	Hovdevegen	properNoun	nor
Hoveng	properNoun	swe	Hoveng	properNoun	nor
Hovet	properNoun	swe	Hovet	properNoun	nor
Hovfaret	properNoun	swe	Hovfaret	properNoun	nor
Hovinmoen	properNoun	swe	Hovinmoen	properNoun	nor
Hovinveien	properNoun	swe	Hovinveien	properNoun	nor
Hovlandveien	properNoun	swe	Hovlandveien	properNoun	nor
Hovseterveien	properNoun	swe	Hovseterveien	properNoun	nor
H P Jacobsensgate	properNoun	swe	H P Jacobsensgate	properNoun	nor
Hubrosvingen	properNoun	swe	Hubrosvingen	properNoun	nor
Hubroveien	properNoun	swe	Hubroveien	properNoun	nor
Hubroåsen	properNoun	swe	Hubroåsen	properNoun	nor
Hugins vei	properNoun	swe	Hugins vei	properNoun	nor
Hugstedgrenda	properNoun	swe	Hugstedgrenda	properNoun	nor
Huitfeldts gate	properNoun	swe	Huitfeldts gate	properNoun	nor
Huitfeldts gate	properNoun	swe	Huitfeldts gate	properNoun	nor
Huk aveny	properNoun	swe	Huk aveny	properNoun	nor
Hukenveien	properNoun	swe	Hukenveien	properNoun	nor
Hukgrenda	properNoun	swe	Hukgrenda	properNoun	nor
Huk terrasse	properNoun	swe	Huk terrasse	properNoun	nor
Hulda Garborgs gate	properNoun	swe	Hulda Garborgs gate	properNoun	nor
Hulderveien	properNoun	swe	Hulderveien	properNoun	nor
Huldrestien	properNoun	swe	Huldrestien	properNoun	nor
Huldretråkket	properNoun	swe	Huldretråkket	properNoun	nor
Huldreveien	properNoun	swe	Huldreveien	properNoun	nor
Hulveien	properNoun	swe	Hulveien	properNoun	nor
Humlehagen	properNoun	swe	Humlehagen	properNoun	nor
Humleveien	properNoun	swe	Humleveien	properNoun	nor
Hummelvikveien	properNoun	swe	Hummelvikveien	properNoun	nor
Hummerkloa	properNoun	swe	Hummerkloa	properNoun	nor
Hummerveien	properNoun	swe	Hummerveien	properNoun	nor
Hundbergneset	properNoun	swe	Hundbergneset	properNoun	nor
Hundhaugen	properNoun	swe	Hundhaugen	properNoun	nor
Hundsundveien	properNoun	swe	Hundsundveien	properNoun	nor
Hundvin	properNoun	swe	Hundvin	properNoun	nor
Hunndalen	properNoun	swe	Hunndalen	properNoun	nor
Hunnshovde	properNoun	swe	Hunnshovde	properNoun	nor
Hunnsvegen	properNoun	swe	Hunnsvegen	properNoun	nor
Hunn terrasse	properNoun	swe	Hunn terrasse	properNoun	nor
Hunsrødgrenda	properNoun	swe	Hunsrødgrenda	properNoun	nor
Hunsrødkroken	properNoun	swe	Hunsrødkroken	properNoun	nor
Hunsrødlia	properNoun	swe	Hunsrødlia	properNoun	nor
Hunsrødskogen	properNoun	swe	Hunsrødskogen	properNoun	nor
Hunsrødsletta	properNoun	swe	Hunsrødsletta	properNoun	nor
Hunsrødstubben	properNoun	swe	Hunsrødstubben	properNoun	nor
Hunsrødsvingen	properNoun	swe	Hunsrødsvingen	properNoun	nor
Hunsrødveien	properNoun	swe	Hunsrødveien	properNoun	nor
Hunstadsvingen	properNoun	swe	Hunstadsvingen	properNoun	nor
Huntonstranda	properNoun	swe	Huntonstranda	properNoun	nor
Hurdalsgata	properNoun	swe	Hurdalsgata	properNoun	nor
Husafjell	properNoun	swe	Husafjell	properNoun	nor
Husaveien	properNoun	swe	Husaveien	properNoun	nor
Husebybakken	properNoun	swe	Husebybakken	properNoun	nor
Husebygrenda	properNoun	swe	Husebygrenda	properNoun	nor
Husebysletta	properNoun	swe	Husebysletta	properNoun	nor
Husebyveien	properNoun	swe	Husebyveien	properNoun	nor
Husefjell	properNoun	swe	Husefjell	properNoun	nor
Husefjellveien	properNoun	swe	Husefjellveien	properNoun	nor
Huslyveien	properNoun	swe	Huslyveien	properNoun	nor
Husvikveien	properNoun	swe	Husvikveien	properNoun	nor
Husøystrand	properNoun	swe	Husøystrand	properNoun	nor
Husøytoppen	properNoun	swe	Husøytoppen	properNoun	nor
Husøyveien	properNoun	swe	Husøyveien	properNoun	nor
Huvikveien	properNoun	swe	Huvikveien	properNoun	nor
Hvalåsveien	properNoun	swe	Hvalåsveien	properNoun	nor
Hvitlyngen	properNoun	swe	Hvitlyngen	properNoun	nor
Hvitsteinveien	properNoun	swe	Hvitsteinveien	properNoun	nor
Hvitveisbakken	properNoun	swe	Hvitveisbakken	properNoun	nor
Hvitveisen	properNoun	swe	Hvitveisen	properNoun	nor
Hvitveisstien	properNoun	swe	Hvitveisstien	properNoun	nor
Hvålstunet	properNoun	swe	Hvålstunet	properNoun	nor
Hvålsveien	properNoun	swe	Hvålsveien	properNoun	nor
Hydalskroken	properNoun	swe	Hydalskroken	properNoun	nor
Hydalsveien	properNoun	swe	Hydalsveien	properNoun	nor
Hyggeveien	properNoun	swe	Hyggeveien	properNoun	nor
Hylkjebakken	properNoun	swe	Hylkjebakken	properNoun	nor
Hylkjeflaten	properNoun	swe	Hylkjeflaten	properNoun	nor
Hylkjelia	properNoun	swe	Hylkjelia	properNoun	nor
Hylkjeneset	properNoun	swe	Hylkjeneset	properNoun	nor
Hylkjesvingen	properNoun	swe	Hylkjesvingen	properNoun	nor
Hylkjevegen	properNoun	swe	Hylkjevegen	properNoun	nor
Hylleveien	properNoun	swe	Hylleveien	properNoun	nor
Hyllveien	properNoun	swe	Hyllveien	properNoun	nor
Hyls	properNoun	swe	Hyls	properNoun	nor
Hystadstranda	properNoun	swe	Hystadstranda	properNoun	nor
Hystadveien	properNoun	swe	Hystadveien	properNoun	nor
Hyttebakken	properNoun	swe	Hyttebakken	properNoun	nor
Hyttegata	properNoun	swe	Hyttegata	properNoun	nor
Hytteveien	properNoun	swe	Hytteveien	properNoun	nor
Hyttås	properNoun	swe	Hyttås	properNoun	nor
Hyving	properNoun	swe	Hyving	properNoun	nor
Hærnøsandveien	properNoun	swe	Hærnøsandveien	properNoun	nor
Høenveien	properNoun	swe	Høenveien	properNoun	nor
Høgaberg	properNoun	swe	Høgaberg	properNoun	nor
Høgatun	properNoun	swe	Høgatun	properNoun	nor
Høgdaveien	properNoun	swe	Høgdaveien	properNoun	nor
Høgdefaret	properNoun	swe	Høgdefaret	properNoun	nor
Høgenhallveien	properNoun	swe	Høgenhallveien	properNoun	nor
Høgenhei	properNoun	swe	Høgenhei	properNoun	nor
Høgset	properNoun	swe	Høgset	properNoun	nor
Høgsetebrotet	properNoun	swe	Høgsetebrotet	properNoun	nor
Høgseteveien	properNoun	swe	Høgseteveien	properNoun	nor
Høgstølen	properNoun	swe	Høgstølen	properNoun	nor
Høgtunveien	properNoun	swe	Høgtunveien	properNoun	nor
Høgåsen	properNoun	swe	Høgåsen	properNoun	nor
Høgåslia	properNoun	swe	Høgåslia	properNoun	nor
Høgåsveien	properNoun	swe	Høgåsveien	properNoun	nor
Høifødtveien	properNoun	swe	Høifødtveien	properNoun	nor
Hølandsgata	properNoun	swe	Hølandsgata	properNoun	nor
Hølbekken	properNoun	swe	Hølbekken	properNoun	nor
Høljarvegen	properNoun	swe	Høljarvegen	properNoun	nor
Høllesli	properNoun	swe	Høllesli	properNoun	nor
Hønefoss bru	properNoun	swe	Hønefoss bru	properNoun	nor
Hønengata	properNoun	swe	Hønengata	properNoun	nor
Hørdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Hørdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Hørstadskaugvegen	properNoun	swe	Hørstadskaugvegen	properNoun	nor
Høsts gate	properNoun	swe	Høsts gate	properNoun	nor
Høststien	properNoun	swe	Høststien	properNoun	nor
Høvikkollen	properNoun	swe	Høvikkollen	properNoun	nor
Høvik Skolevei	properNoun	swe	Høvik Skolevei	properNoun	nor
Høvikstien	properNoun	swe	Høvikstien	properNoun	nor
Høvikveien	properNoun	swe	Høvikveien	properNoun	nor
Høvleriveien	properNoun	swe	Høvleriveien	properNoun	nor
Høyboveien	properNoun	swe	Høyboveien	properNoun	nor
Høybråtenstien	properNoun	swe	Høybråtenstien	properNoun	nor
Høybråtenveien	properNoun	swe	Høybråtenveien	properNoun	nor
Høydalsveien	properNoun	swe	Høydalsveien	properNoun	nor
Høyden	properNoun	swe	Høyden	properNoun	nor
Høyenhall	properNoun	swe	Høyenhall	properNoun	nor
Høyenhall plass	properNoun	swe	Høyenhall plass	properNoun	nor
Høyenhallsvingen	properNoun	swe	Høyenhallsvingen	properNoun	nor
Høyenhallvegen	properNoun	swe	Høyenhallvegen	properNoun	nor
Høyenhallveien	properNoun	swe	Høyenhallveien	properNoun	nor
Høyesteretts plass	properNoun	swe	Høyesteretts plass	properNoun	nor
Høyjordsmoa	properNoun	swe	Høyjordsmoa	properNoun	nor
Høyjordveien	properNoun	swe	Høyjordveien	properNoun	nor
Høyrabben	properNoun	swe	Høyrabben	properNoun	nor
Høystakkveien	properNoun	swe	Høystakkveien	properNoun	nor
Høyvik	properNoun	swe	Høyvik	properNoun	nor
Høyåsveien	properNoun	swe	Høyåsveien	properNoun	nor
Hågangen	properNoun	swe	Hågangen	properNoun	nor
Hågasletta	properNoun	swe	Hågasletta	properNoun	nor
Håggå	properNoun	swe	Håggå	properNoun	nor
Håklepp	properNoun	swe	Håklepp	properNoun	nor
Haakon Aunes vei	properNoun	swe	Haakon Aunes vei	properNoun	nor
Haakon den godes vei	properNoun	swe	Haakon den godes vei	properNoun	nor
Håkon Gamles gate	properNoun	swe	Håkon Gamles gate	properNoun	nor
Håkons gate	properNoun	swe	Håkons gate	properNoun	nor
Håkons gate	properNoun	swe	Håkons gate	properNoun	nor
Haakons gate	properNoun	swe	Haakons gate	properNoun	nor
Håkonsgaten	properNoun	swe	Håkonsgaten	properNoun	nor
Håkonshellaberget	properNoun	swe	Håkonshellaberget	properNoun	nor
Håkonshellatoppen	properNoun	swe	Håkonshellatoppen	properNoun	nor
Håkonshellaveien	properNoun	swe	Håkonshellaveien	properNoun	nor
Haakon Sheteligs Plass	properNoun	swe	Haakon Sheteligs Plass	properNoun	nor
Haakonsvernveien	properNoun	swe	Haakonsvernveien	properNoun	nor
Haakon Sæthres vei	properNoun	swe	Haakon Sæthres vei	properNoun	nor
Haakon Tveters vei	properNoun	swe	Haakon Tveters vei	properNoun	nor
Håkon V gate	properNoun	swe	Håkon V gate	properNoun	nor
Haakon VIIs gate	properNoun	swe	Haakon VIIs gate	properNoun	nor
Hålandveien	properNoun	swe	Hålandveien	properNoun	nor
Håndverkergaten	properNoun	swe	Håndverkergaten	properNoun	nor
Haarklous plass	properNoun	swe	Haarklous plass	properNoun	nor
Håskenveien	properNoun	swe	Håskenveien	properNoun	nor
Håsteins gate	properNoun	swe	Håsteins gate	properNoun	nor
Håvalds vei	properNoun	swe	Håvalds vei	properNoun	nor
Haavard Martinsens vei	properNoun	swe	Haavard Martinsens vei	properNoun	nor
Håvardstunvegen	properNoun	swe	Håvardstunvegen	properNoun	nor
Håveien	properNoun	swe	Håveien	properNoun	nor
Håvet	properNoun	swe	Håvet	properNoun	nor
Ibsens gate	properNoun	swe	Ibsens gate	properNoun	nor
Ibsens vei	properNoun	swe	Ibsens vei	properNoun	nor
Idas vei	properNoun	swe	Idas vei	properNoun	nor
Idrettskroken	properNoun	swe	Idrettskroken	properNoun	nor
Idrettssvingen	properNoun	swe	Idrettssvingen	properNoun	nor
Idrettsveien	properNoun	swe	Idrettsveien	properNoun	nor
Iduns gate	properNoun	swe	Iduns gate	properNoun	nor
Iduns veg	properNoun	swe	Iduns veg	properNoun	nor
Idunsvei	properNoun	swe	Idunsvei	properNoun	nor
Iduns vei	properNoun	swe	Iduns vei	properNoun	nor
Iglatjørn	properNoun	swe	Iglatjørn	properNoun	nor
Ilagata	properNoun	swe	Ilagata	properNoun	nor
Ilaveien	properNoun	swe	Ilaveien	properNoun	nor
Ildstedveien	properNoun	swe	Ildstedveien	properNoun	nor
Ilebrekkeveien	properNoun	swe	Ilebrekkeveien	properNoun	nor
Ilestadveien	properNoun	swe	Ilestadveien	properNoun	nor
Ilsvik	properNoun	swe	Ilsvik	properNoun	nor
Indre Arna-Vegen	properNoun	swe	Indre Arna-Vegen	properNoun	nor
Indre Sandvik	properNoun	swe	Indre Sandvik	properNoun	nor
Indre Steinsvik	properNoun	swe	Indre Steinsvik	properNoun	nor
Indre Sædal	properNoun	swe	Indre Sædal	properNoun	nor
Industrigata	properNoun	swe	Industrigata	properNoun	nor
Industrigaten	properNoun	swe	Industrigaten	properNoun	nor
Industriveien	properNoun	swe	Industriveien	properNoun	nor
Inga Bjørnsons vei	properNoun	swe	Inga Bjørnsons vei	properNoun	nor
Ingar Nilsens vei	properNoun	swe	Ingar Nilsens vei	properNoun	nor
Ingebjørg Holthers vei	properNoun	swe	Ingebjørg Holthers vei	properNoun	nor
Ingeborgs gate	properNoun	swe	Ingeborgs gate	properNoun	nor
Ingebret Andersens vei	properNoun	swe	Ingebret Andersens vei	properNoun	nor
Ingegjerds vei	properNoun	swe	Ingegjerds vei	properNoun	nor
Ingelbrecht Knudssøns gate	properNoun	swe	Ingelbrecht Knudssøns gate	properNoun	nor
Ingeniørveien	properNoun	swe	Ingeniørveien	properNoun	nor
Ingens gate	properNoun	swe	Ingens gate	properNoun	nor
Inger Bang Lunds vei	properNoun	swe	Inger Bang Lunds vei	properNoun	nor
Inger Hagerups plass	properNoun	swe	Inger Hagerups plass	properNoun	nor
Ingerlien	properNoun	swe	Ingerlien	properNoun	nor
Inges gate	properNoun	swe	Inges gate	properNoun	nor
Inges gate	properNoun	swe	Inges gate	properNoun	nor
Ing. Hoels vei	properNoun	swe	Ing. Hoels vei	properNoun	nor
Ingier	properNoun	swe	Ingier	properNoun	nor
Ingiers vei	properNoun	swe	Ingiers vei	properNoun	nor
Ingolf Ruuds vei	properNoun	swe	Ingolf Ruuds vei	properNoun	nor
Ingrid Bjerkås' plass	properNoun	swe	Ingrid Bjerkås' plass	properNoun	nor
Ingrids vei	properNoun	swe	Ingrids vei	properNoun	nor
Inkognitogata	properNoun	swe	Inkognitogata	properNoun	nor
Inkognito terrasse	properNoun	swe	Inkognito terrasse	properNoun	nor
Inndalsveien	properNoun	swe	Inndalsveien	properNoun	nor
Innerneset	properNoun	swe	Innerneset	properNoun	nor
Innfjord	properNoun	swe	Innfjord	properNoun	nor
Innholm	properNoun	swe	Innholm	properNoun	nor
Innlaget A	properNoun	swe	Innlaget A	properNoun	nor
Innlaget B	properNoun	swe	Innlaget B	properNoun	nor
Innlaget C	properNoun	swe	Innlaget C	properNoun	nor
Innlagveien	properNoun	swe	Innlagveien	properNoun	nor
Innspurten	properNoun	swe	Innspurten	properNoun	nor
Irisveien	properNoun	swe	Irisveien	properNoun	nor
Isdammen	properNoun	swe	Isdammen	properNoun	nor
Ishusveien	properNoun	swe	Ishusveien	properNoun	nor
Isiveien	properNoun	swe	Isiveien	properNoun	nor
Islands gate	properNoun	swe	Islands gate	properNoun	nor
Israelsneset	properNoun	swe	Israelsneset	properNoun	nor
Isvannsveien	properNoun	swe	Isvannsveien	properNoun	nor
Ivan Bjørndals gate	properNoun	swe	Ivan Bjørndals gate	properNoun	nor
Ivar Knutsons vei	properNoun	swe	Ivar Knutsons vei	properNoun	nor
Ivarsflaten	properNoun	swe	Ivarsflaten	properNoun	nor
Ivarsflot	properNoun	swe	Ivarsflot	properNoun	nor
Ivar Throndsens vei	properNoun	swe	Ivar Throndsens vei	properNoun	nor
Ivar Welles vei	properNoun	swe	Ivar Welles vei	properNoun	nor
Ivar Aasens gate	properNoun	swe	Ivar Aasens gate	properNoun	nor
Ivar Aasens vei	properNoun	swe	Ivar Aasens vei	properNoun	nor
Ivar Aasgaards veg	properNoun	swe	Ivar Aasgaards veg	properNoun	nor
Iver Olsens vei	properNoun	swe	Iver Olsens vei	properNoun	nor
Jacob Fayes vei	properNoun	swe	Jacob Fayes vei	properNoun	nor
Jacob Grosvolds vei	properNoun	swe	Jacob Grosvolds vei	properNoun	nor
Jacob Hansens vei	properNoun	swe	Jacob Hansens vei	properNoun	nor
Jacobhøgda	properNoun	swe	Jacobhøgda	properNoun	nor
Jacobine Ryes vei	properNoun	swe	Jacobine Ryes vei	properNoun	nor
Jacob Kjødes vei	properNoun	swe	Jacob Kjødes vei	properNoun	nor
Jacob Langes vei	properNoun	swe	Jacob Langes vei	properNoun	nor
Jacob Larsens vei	properNoun	swe	Jacob Larsens vei	properNoun	nor
Jacobsfjorden	properNoun	swe	Jacobsfjorden	properNoun	nor
Jacob Sæthres vei	properNoun	swe	Jacob Sæthres vei	properNoun	nor
Jacob Aalls gate	properNoun	swe	Jacob Aalls gate	properNoun	nor
Jacob Aalls vei	properNoun	swe	Jacob Aalls vei	properNoun	nor
Jahnebakken	properNoun	swe	Jahnebakken	properNoun	nor
Jahnsens vei	properNoun	swe	Jahnsens vei	properNoun	nor
Jahredammen	properNoun	swe	Jahredammen	properNoun	nor
Jaktkollen	properNoun	swe	Jaktkollen	properNoun	nor
Jaktlia	properNoun	swe	Jaktlia	properNoun	nor
J. A. Lippestads vei	properNoun	swe	J. A. Lippestads vei	properNoun	nor
Jamna	properNoun	swe	Jamna	properNoun	nor
Janaberget	properNoun	swe	Janaberget	properNoun	nor
Janaflaten	properNoun	swe	Janaflaten	properNoun	nor
Janahaugen	properNoun	swe	Janahaugen	properNoun	nor
Janastølen	properNoun	swe	Janastølen	properNoun	nor
Janaveien	properNoun	swe	Janaveien	properNoun	nor
Jansbergveien	properNoun	swe	Jansbergveien	properNoun	nor
Jansons gate	properNoun	swe	Jansons gate	properNoun	nor
Jansveien	properNoun	swe	Jansveien	properNoun	nor
Jarbakken	properNoun	swe	Jarbakken	properNoun	nor
Jarenveien	properNoun	swe	Jarenveien	properNoun	nor
Jarlegata	properNoun	swe	Jarlegata	properNoun	nor
Jarleveien	properNoun	swe	Jarleveien	properNoun	nor
Jarlsberggata	properNoun	swe	Jarlsberggata	properNoun	nor
Jarlsberglinna	properNoun	swe	Jarlsberglinna	properNoun	nor
Jarlsborgveien	properNoun	swe	Jarlsborgveien	properNoun	nor
Jarlsøveien	properNoun	swe	Jarlsøveien	properNoun	nor
Jarveien	properNoun	swe	Jarveien	properNoun	nor
Jegersborggate	properNoun	swe	Jegersborggate	properNoun	nor
Jegersborgveien	properNoun	swe	Jegersborgveien	properNoun	nor
Jegerveien	properNoun	swe	Jegerveien	properNoun	nor
Jegeråsen	properNoun	swe	Jegeråsen	properNoun	nor
Jekteviken	properNoun	swe	Jekteviken	properNoun	nor
Jekteviksbakken	properNoun	swe	Jekteviksbakken	properNoun	nor
Jekteviksveien	properNoun	swe	Jekteviksveien	properNoun	nor
Jenny Braatens plass	properNoun	swe	Jenny Braatens plass	properNoun	nor
Jenny Linds vei	properNoun	swe	Jenny Linds vei	properNoun	nor
Jens Bjelkes gate	properNoun	swe	Jens Bjelkes gate	properNoun	nor
Jens Evensens plass	properNoun	swe	Jens Evensens plass	properNoun	nor
Jensgurilia	properNoun	swe	Jensgurilia	properNoun	nor
Jenshaugveien	properNoun	swe	Jenshaugveien	properNoun	nor
Jens Holes vei	properNoun	swe	Jens Holes vei	properNoun	nor
Jensmessveien	properNoun	swe	Jensmessveien	properNoun	nor
Jens Müllers gate	properNoun	swe	Jens Müllers gate	properNoun	nor
Jens Rolfsens gate	properNoun	swe	Jens Rolfsens gate	properNoun	nor
Jeppes vei	properNoun	swe	Jeppes vei	properNoun	nor
Jerikoveien	properNoun	swe	Jerikoveien	properNoun	nor
Jernbanealleen	properNoun	swe	Jernbanealleen	properNoun	nor
Jernbanebakken	properNoun	swe	Jernbanebakken	properNoun	nor
Jernbanegata	properNoun	swe	Jernbanegata	properNoun	nor
Jernbanegata	properNoun	swe	Jernbanegata	properNoun	nor
Jernbanegaten	properNoun	swe	Jernbanegaten	properNoun	nor
Jernbaneplassen	properNoun	swe	Jernbaneplassen	properNoun	nor
Jernbanesvingen	properNoun	swe	Jernbanesvingen	properNoun	nor
Jernbanetorvet	properNoun	swe	Jernbanetorvet	properNoun	nor
Jernbaneveien	properNoun	swe	Jernbaneveien	properNoun	nor
Jernfjell	properNoun	swe	Jernfjell	properNoun	nor
Jernkroken	properNoun	swe	Jernkroken	properNoun	nor
Jernspurvbakken	properNoun	swe	Jernspurvbakken	properNoun	nor
Jerpefaret	properNoun	swe	Jerpefaret	properNoun	nor
Jerpeveien	properNoun	swe	Jerpeveien	properNoun	nor
Jervveien	properNoun	swe	Jervveien	properNoun	nor
Jess Carlsens gate	properNoun	swe	Jess Carlsens gate	properNoun	nor
Jetteveien	properNoun	swe	Jetteveien	properNoun	nor
Jevnakergata	properNoun	swe	Jevnakergata	properNoun	nor
Jevnakerveien	properNoun	swe	Jevnakerveien	properNoun	nor
J. L. Mowinckels vei	properNoun	swe	J. L. Mowinckels vei	properNoun	nor
Joachim Frieles gate	properNoun	swe	Joachim Frieles gate	properNoun	nor
Joachim Lampes vei	properNoun	swe	Joachim Lampes vei	properNoun	nor
Joachim Nielsens gang	properNoun	swe	Joachim Nielsens gang	properNoun	nor
Joberg	properNoun	swe	Joberg	properNoun	nor
Johan Berentsens vei	properNoun	swe	Johan Berentsens vei	properNoun	nor
Johan Blytts vei	properNoun	swe	Johan Blytts vei	properNoun	nor
Johan Bojers veg	properNoun	swe	Johan Bojers veg	properNoun	nor
Johan Castbergs gate	properNoun	swe	Johan Castbergs gate	properNoun	nor
Johan Castbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Johan Castbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Johan Evjes vei	properNoun	swe	Johan Evjes vei	properNoun	nor
Johan Falkbergets veg	properNoun	swe	Johan Falkbergets veg	properNoun	nor
Johan Granvins veg	properNoun	swe	Johan Granvins veg	properNoun	nor
Johan Grauers vei	properNoun	swe	Johan Grauers vei	properNoun	nor
Johan Gulliksens vei	properNoun	swe	Johan Gulliksens vei	properNoun	nor
Johan Hirsch' vei	properNoun	swe	Johan Hirsch' vei	properNoun	nor
Johan Hjorts vei	properNoun	swe	Johan Hjorts vei	properNoun	nor
Johan Mohrs gate	properNoun	swe	Johan Mohrs gate	properNoun	nor
Johanna Schwarz vei	properNoun	swe	Johanna Schwarz vei	properNoun	nor
Johanne Dybwads plass	properNoun	swe	Johanne Dybwads plass	properNoun	nor
Johanne Juells gate	properNoun	swe	Johanne Juells gate	properNoun	nor
Johannes Bruns gate	properNoun	swe	Johannes Bruns gate	properNoun	nor
Johannesgata	properNoun	swe	Johannesgata	properNoun	nor
Johannes sandviks vei	properNoun	swe	Johannes sandviks vei	properNoun	nor
Johan Nygaardsvolds plass	properNoun	swe	Johan Nygaardsvolds plass	properNoun	nor
Johan Nygaardsvolds veg	properNoun	swe	Johan Nygaardsvolds veg	properNoun	nor
Johan Rongveds Veg	properNoun	swe	Johan Rongveds Veg	properNoun	nor
Johan Scharffenbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Johan Scharffenbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Johan Selmers gate	properNoun	swe	Johan Selmers gate	properNoun	nor
Johan Svendsens gate	properNoun	swe	Johan Svendsens gate	properNoun	nor
Johan Svendsens plass	properNoun	swe	Johan Svendsens plass	properNoun	nor
Johan Sverdrups gate	properNoun	swe	Johan Sverdrups gate	properNoun	nor
Johan Sverdrups plass	properNoun	swe	Johan Sverdrups plass	properNoun	nor
Johan Sverdrups vei	properNoun	swe	Johan Sverdrups vei	properNoun	nor
Johan Throne Holsts plass	properNoun	swe	Johan Throne Holsts plass	properNoun	nor
Johan Wesmanns vei	properNoun	swe	Johan Wesmanns vei	properNoun	nor
Joh. H. Andresens vei	properNoun	swe	Joh. H. Andresens vei	properNoun	nor
John Brandts vei	properNoun	swe	John Brandts vei	properNoun	nor
John Colletts allé	properNoun	swe	John Colletts allé	properNoun	nor
John Colletts plass	properNoun	swe	John Colletts plass	properNoun	nor
John G. Mattesons vei	properNoun	swe	John G. Mattesons vei	properNoun	nor
John Lunds Plass	properNoun	swe	John Lunds Plass	properNoun	nor
Johnny Svorkmos vei	properNoun	swe	Johnny Svorkmos vei	properNoun	nor
Johnsrudgata	properNoun	swe	Johnsrudgata	properNoun	nor
Johs. Faales vei	properNoun	swe	Johs. Faales vei	properNoun	nor
Johs. Haugeruds vei	properNoun	swe	Johs. Haugeruds vei	properNoun	nor
Jolly Kramer-Johansens gate	properNoun	swe	Jolly Kramer-Johansens gate	properNoun	nor
Jomfrubråtveien	properNoun	swe	Jomfrubråtveien	properNoun	nor
Jomfruhagen	properNoun	swe	Jomfruhagen	properNoun	nor
Jomfrustien	properNoun	swe	Jomfrustien	properNoun	nor
Jonas Dahls vei	properNoun	swe	Jonas Dahls vei	properNoun	nor
Jonas Lies gate	properNoun	swe	Jonas Lies gate	properNoun	nor
Jonas Lies vei	properNoun	swe	Jonas Lies vei	properNoun	nor
Jonas Reins gate	properNoun	swe	Jonas Reins gate	properNoun	nor
Jondalsveien	properNoun	swe	Jondalsveien	properNoun	nor
Jongsbruveien	properNoun	swe	Jongsbruveien	properNoun	nor
Jongskollen	properNoun	swe	Jongskollen	properNoun	nor
Jongssvingen	properNoun	swe	Jongssvingen	properNoun	nor
Jongsåsveien	properNoun	swe	Jongsåsveien	properNoun	nor
Jon P. Erliens vei	properNoun	swe	Jon P. Erliens vei	properNoun	nor
Jonsgårdveien	properNoun	swe	Jonsgårdveien	properNoun	nor
Jon Smestads vei	properNoun	swe	Jon Smestads vei	properNoun	nor
Jon Smørs gate	properNoun	swe	Jon Smørs gate	properNoun	nor
Jonsokkollen	properNoun	swe	Jonsokkollen	properNoun	nor
Jonsokstien	properNoun	swe	Jonsokstien	properNoun	nor
Jonsokveien	properNoun	swe	Jonsokveien	properNoun	nor
Jonsrudveien	properNoun	swe	Jonsrudveien	properNoun	nor
Jonstadveien	properNoun	swe	Jonstadveien	properNoun	nor
Jonsterhaugen	properNoun	swe	Jonsterhaugen	properNoun	nor
Jonsterhaugskiftet	properNoun	swe	Jonsterhaugskiftet	properNoun	nor
Jonsvollsgaten	properNoun	swe	Jonsvollsgaten	properNoun	nor
Jordalgata	properNoun	swe	Jordalgata	properNoun	nor
Jordalsveien	properNoun	swe	Jordalsveien	properNoun	nor
Jordal terrasse	properNoun	swe	Jordal terrasse	properNoun	nor
Jordbærkarten	properNoun	swe	Jordbærkarten	properNoun	nor
Jordbærskjæret	properNoun	swe	Jordbærskjæret	properNoun	nor
Jordbærveien	properNoun	swe	Jordbærveien	properNoun	nor
Jordstjerneveien	properNoun	swe	Jordstjerneveien	properNoun	nor
Jorines vei	properNoun	swe	Jorines vei	properNoun	nor
Josefinegata	properNoun	swe	Josefinegata	properNoun	nor
Josefine Nilsens vei	properNoun	swe	Josefine Nilsens vei	properNoun	nor
Josefines gate	properNoun	swe	Josefines gate	properNoun	nor
Josef Mindes gate	properNoun	swe	Josef Mindes gate	properNoun	nor
Jotneveien	properNoun	swe	Jotneveien	properNoun	nor
Jotunveien	properNoun	swe	Jotunveien	properNoun	nor
Julius Middelthuns vei	properNoun	swe	Julius Middelthuns vei	properNoun	nor
Julsundvegen	properNoun	swe	Julsundvegen	properNoun	nor
Junkerveien	properNoun	swe	Junkerveien	properNoun	nor
Junos vei	properNoun	swe	Junos vei	properNoun	nor
Jupiters vei	properNoun	swe	Jupiters vei	properNoun	nor
Jupitervegen	properNoun	swe	Jupitervegen	properNoun	nor
Jupiterveien	properNoun	swe	Jupiterveien	properNoun	nor
Justermester Eriksens vei	properNoun	swe	Justermester Eriksens vei	properNoun	nor
Justiskroken	properNoun	swe	Justiskroken	properNoun	nor
Juterudveien	properNoun	swe	Juterudveien	properNoun	nor
Jutulfaret	properNoun	swe	Jutulfaret	properNoun	nor
Jutulstien	properNoun	swe	Jutulstien	properNoun	nor
Jutulveien	properNoun	swe	Jutulveien	properNoun	nor
Juulenga	properNoun	swe	Juulenga	properNoun	nor
Jægerbakken	properNoun	swe	Jægerbakken	properNoun	nor
Jægermyren	properNoun	swe	Jægermyren	properNoun	nor
Jønjiljo	properNoun	swe	Jønjiljo	properNoun	nor
Jøranstien	properNoun	swe	Jøranstien	properNoun	nor
Jørgen Kanitz gate	properNoun	swe	Jørgen Kanitz gate	properNoun	nor
Jørgen Løvlands gate	properNoun	swe	Jørgen Løvlands gate	properNoun	nor
Jørgen Moes gate	properNoun	swe	Jørgen Moes gate	properNoun	nor
Jørgen Moes vei	properNoun	swe	Jørgen Moes vei	properNoun	nor
Jørgen Thons vei	properNoun	swe	Jørgen Thons vei	properNoun	nor
Jørnsløkkveien	properNoun	swe	Jørnsløkkveien	properNoun	nor
Jøssinghavn	properNoun	swe	Jøssinghavn	properNoun	nor
Jøssingvegen	properNoun	swe	Jøssingvegen	properNoun	nor
Jøssingveien	properNoun	swe	Jøssingveien	properNoun	nor
Jåberggrenda	properNoun	swe	Jåberggrenda	properNoun	nor
Jåbergveien	properNoun	swe	Jåbergveien	properNoun	nor
Jårvik	properNoun	swe	Jårvik	properNoun	nor
Kabelgata	properNoun	swe	Kabelgata	properNoun	nor
Kadettangen	properNoun	swe	Kadettangen	properNoun	nor
Kahrs gate	properNoun	swe	Kahrs gate	properNoun	nor
Kaibakken	properNoun	swe	Kaibakken	properNoun	nor
Kaiekroken	properNoun	swe	Kaiekroken	properNoun	nor
Kaigaten	properNoun	swe	Kaigaten	properNoun	nor
Kaj Munks vei	properNoun	swe	Kaj Munks vei	properNoun	nor
Kakkelovnskroken	properNoun	swe	Kakkelovnskroken	properNoun	nor
Kalandsneset	properNoun	swe	Kalandsneset	properNoun	nor
Kalbakkfaret	properNoun	swe	Kalbakkfaret	properNoun	nor
Kalbakkslyngen	properNoun	swe	Kalbakkslyngen	properNoun	nor
Kalbakkstubben	properNoun	swe	Kalbakkstubben	properNoun	nor
Kalbakkveien	properNoun	swe	Kalbakkveien	properNoun	nor
Kaldnesalléen	properNoun	swe	Kaldnesalléen	properNoun	nor
Kaldnesgaten	properNoun	swe	Kaldnesgaten	properNoun	nor
Kalfarlien	properNoun	swe	Kalfarlien	properNoun	nor
Kalfarveien	properNoun	swe	Kalfarveien	properNoun	nor
Kalihaugen	properNoun	swe	Kalihaugen	properNoun	nor
Kalkbrennerlia	properNoun	swe	Kalkbrennerlia	properNoun	nor
Kalkbrennerveien	properNoun	swe	Kalkbrennerveien	properNoun	nor
Kalkunvegen	properNoun	swe	Kalkunvegen	properNoun	nor
Kalkvegen	properNoun	swe	Kalkvegen	properNoun	nor
Kallandveien	properNoun	swe	Kallandveien	properNoun	nor
Kallerudbakken	properNoun	swe	Kallerudbakken	properNoun	nor
Kallerudlia	properNoun	swe	Kallerudlia	properNoun	nor
Kallerudsvingen	properNoun	swe	Kallerudsvingen	properNoun	nor
Kallerudvegen	properNoun	swe	Kallerudvegen	properNoun	nor
Kallerudveien	properNoun	swe	Kallerudveien	properNoun	nor
Kallurdal	properNoun	swe	Kallurdal	properNoun	nor
Kalmargaten	properNoun	swe	Kalmargaten	properNoun	nor
Kalstadkilen	properNoun	swe	Kalstadkilen	properNoun	nor
Kalvaneset	properNoun	swe	Kalvaneset	properNoun	nor
Kalvatræet	properNoun	swe	Kalvatræet	properNoun	nor
Kalvedalsveien	properNoun	swe	Kalvedalsveien	properNoun	nor
Kalvikhammar	properNoun	swe	Kalvikhammar	properNoun	nor
Kamfjordgata	properNoun	swe	Kamfjordgata	properNoun	nor
Kamfjordlia	properNoun	swe	Kamfjordlia	properNoun	nor
Kamfjordveien	properNoun	swe	Kamfjordveien	properNoun	nor
Kamfjordåsen	properNoun	swe	Kamfjordåsen	properNoun	nor
Kammegaten	properNoun	swe	Kammegaten	properNoun	nor
Kampebråten	properNoun	swe	Kampebråten	properNoun	nor
Kampengata	properNoun	swe	Kampengata	properNoun	nor
Kampen Hageby	properNoun	swe	Kampen Hageby	properNoun	nor
Kampens torg	properNoun	swe	Kampens torg	properNoun	nor
Kamper Bas	properNoun	swe	Kamper Bas	properNoun	nor
Kamperhaugveien	properNoun	swe	Kamperhaugveien	properNoun	nor
Kampestadveien	properNoun	swe	Kampestadveien	properNoun	nor
Kampeveien	properNoun	swe	Kampeveien	properNoun	nor
Kampheimveien	properNoun	swe	Kampheimveien	properNoun	nor
Kanalen	properNoun	swe	Kanalen	properNoun	nor
Kanalgata	properNoun	swe	Kanalgata	properNoun	nor
Kanalveien	properNoun	swe	Kanalveien	properNoun	nor
Kanonersvingen	properNoun	swe	Kanonersvingen	properNoun	nor
Kanonhallveien	properNoun	swe	Kanonhallveien	properNoun	nor
Kanonhaugen	properNoun	swe	Kanonhaugen	properNoun	nor
Kansdal	properNoun	swe	Kansdal	properNoun	nor
Kanslergata	properNoun	swe	Kanslergata	properNoun	nor
Kantarellen	properNoun	swe	Kantarellen	properNoun	nor
Kantarellen terrasse	properNoun	swe	Kantarellen terrasse	properNoun	nor
Kantarellgrenda	properNoun	swe	Kantarellgrenda	properNoun	nor
Kantarellveien	properNoun	swe	Kantarellveien	properNoun	nor
Kanten	properNoun	swe	Kanten	properNoun	nor
Kapellanveien	properNoun	swe	Kapellanveien	properNoun	nor
Kapellveien	properNoun	swe	Kapellveien	properNoun	nor
Kapermoen	properNoun	swe	Kapermoen	properNoun	nor
Kaptein Amlands vei	properNoun	swe	Kaptein Amlands vei	properNoun	nor
Kaptein Bødtkers gate	properNoun	swe	Kaptein Bødtkers gate	properNoun	nor
Kaptein Hannevigs vei	properNoun	swe	Kaptein Hannevigs vei	properNoun	nor
Kaptein Hoffs allé	properNoun	swe	Kaptein Hoffs allé	properNoun	nor
Kaptein Oppegaards vei	properNoun	swe	Kaptein Oppegaards vei	properNoun	nor
Kaptein Seehuus gate	properNoun	swe	Kaptein Seehuus gate	properNoun	nor
Kapteinstien	properNoun	swe	Kapteinstien	properNoun	nor
Kapteinsvingen	properNoun	swe	Kapteinsvingen	properNoun	nor
Karen Platous vei	properNoun	swe	Karen Platous vei	properNoun	nor
Karensfryd	properNoun	swe	Karensfryd	properNoun	nor
Karenslyst allé	properNoun	swe	Karenslyst allé	properNoun	nor
Karen Sundtsvei	properNoun	swe	Karen Sundtsvei	properNoun	nor
Karihaugveien	properNoun	swe	Karihaugveien	properNoun	nor
Karihola	properNoun	swe	Karihola	properNoun	nor
Karisletta	properNoun	swe	Karisletta	properNoun	nor
Karistien	properNoun	swe	Karistien	properNoun	nor
Karistuveien	properNoun	swe	Karistuveien	properNoun	nor
Karis vei	properNoun	swe	Karis vei	properNoun	nor
Kariveien	properNoun	swe	Kariveien	properNoun	nor
Karjolveien	properNoun	swe	Karjolveien	properNoun	nor
Karl Andersens vei	properNoun	swe	Karl Andersens vei	properNoun	nor
Karl den XIIs gate	properNoun	swe	Karl den XIIs gate	properNoun	nor
Karl Flods vei	properNoun	swe	Karl Flods vei	properNoun	nor
Karl Fossums vei	properNoun	swe	Karl Fossums vei	properNoun	nor
Karl Hals' gate	properNoun	swe	Karl Hals' gate	properNoun	nor
Karl Hansens vei	properNoun	swe	Karl Hansens vei	properNoun	nor
Karl Jebsens Veg	properNoun	swe	Karl Jebsens Veg	properNoun	nor
Karlsborgveien	properNoun	swe	Karlsborgveien	properNoun	nor
Karlsebakken	properNoun	swe	Karlsebakken	properNoun	nor
Karlslia	properNoun	swe	Karlslia	properNoun	nor
Karlsmarka	properNoun	swe	Karlsmarka	properNoun	nor
Karlsrogata	properNoun	swe	Karlsrogata	properNoun	nor
Karlsrostredet	properNoun	swe	Karlsrostredet	properNoun	nor
Karlsrudveien	properNoun	swe	Karlsrudveien	properNoun	nor
Karlstadgata	properNoun	swe	Karlstadgata	properNoun	nor
Karl Staaffs vei	properNoun	swe	Karl Staaffs vei	properNoun	nor
Karlsvikveien	properNoun	swe	Karlsvikveien	properNoun	nor
Karoline Kristiansens vei	properNoun	swe	Karoline Kristiansens vei	properNoun	nor
Karolinerveien	properNoun	swe	Karolinerveien	properNoun	nor
Karsches gate	properNoun	swe	Karsches gate	properNoun	nor
Karsten Kjelbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Karsten Kjelbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Karvesvingen	properNoun	swe	Karvesvingen	properNoun	nor
Kasaveien	properNoun	swe	Kasaveien	properNoun	nor
Kasper Andresens veg	properNoun	swe	Kasper Andresens veg	properNoun	nor
Kastanjelunden	properNoun	swe	Kastanjelunden	properNoun	nor
Kastanjeveien	properNoun	swe	Kastanjeveien	properNoun	nor
Kastellbakken	properNoun	swe	Kastellbakken	properNoun	nor
Kastellhagen	properNoun	swe	Kastellhagen	properNoun	nor
Kastellveien	properNoun	swe	Kastellveien	properNoun	nor
Kastetskogen	properNoun	swe	Kastetskogen	properNoun	nor
Kastetstien	properNoun	swe	Kastetstien	properNoun	nor
Kathe Lasniks plass	properNoun	swe	Kathe Lasniks plass	properNoun	nor
Kathrineborggata	properNoun	swe	Kathrineborggata	properNoun	nor
Kathrinestien	properNoun	swe	Kathrinestien	properNoun	nor
Kattfotveien	properNoun	swe	Kattfotveien	properNoun	nor
Kattuglebrotet	properNoun	swe	Kattuglebrotet	properNoun	nor
Katy Dues vei	properNoun	swe	Katy Dues vei	properNoun	nor
Kauffeldts plass	properNoun	swe	Kauffeldts plass	properNoun	nor
Kauffeldts veg	properNoun	swe	Kauffeldts veg	properNoun	nor
Kavringen brygge	properNoun	swe	Kavringen brygge	properNoun	nor
Keiserstien	properNoun	swe	Keiserstien	properNoun	nor
Kemner Ruuds vei	properNoun	swe	Kemner Ruuds vei	properNoun	nor
Keysers gate	properNoun	swe	Keysers gate	properNoun	nor
Kiellands gate	properNoun	swe	Kiellands gate	properNoun	nor
Kierschows gate	properNoun	swe	Kierschows gate	properNoun	nor
Kikkutveien	properNoun	swe	Kikkutveien	properNoun	nor
Kildals vei	properNoun	swe	Kildals vei	properNoun	nor
Kildalvegen	properNoun	swe	Kildalvegen	properNoun	nor
Kilden	properNoun	swe	Kilden	properNoun	nor
Kildeveien	properNoun	swe	Kildeveien	properNoun	nor
Kilen	properNoun	swe	Kilen	properNoun	nor
Kilengaten	properNoun	swe	Kilengaten	properNoun	nor
Kilenveien	properNoun	swe	Kilenveien	properNoun	nor
Kilgata	properNoun	swe	Kilgata	properNoun	nor
Kingos gate	properNoun	swe	Kingos gate	properNoun	nor
Kinoveien	properNoun	swe	Kinoveien	properNoun	nor
Kipebakken	properNoun	swe	Kipebakken	properNoun	nor
Kipesteinen	properNoun	swe	Kipesteinen	properNoun	nor
Kipeåsen	properNoun	swe	Kipeåsen	properNoun	nor
Kiple	properNoun	swe	Kiple	properNoun	nor
Kipledalen	properNoun	swe	Kipledalen	properNoun	nor
Kiplehaugen	properNoun	swe	Kiplehaugen	properNoun	nor
Kiplelien	properNoun	swe	Kiplelien	properNoun	nor
Kipleskaret	properNoun	swe	Kipleskaret	properNoun	nor
Kipleveien	properNoun	swe	Kipleveien	properNoun	nor
Kipo	properNoun	swe	Kipo	properNoun	nor
Kippersmauet	properNoun	swe	Kippersmauet	properNoun	nor
Kirkebakken	properNoun	swe	Kirkebakken	properNoun	nor
Kirkebirkeland	properNoun	swe	Kirkebirkeland	properNoun	nor
Kirkebyskogen	properNoun	swe	Kirkebyskogen	properNoun	nor
Kirkebyvegen	properNoun	swe	Kirkebyvegen	properNoun	nor
Kirkebyveien	properNoun	swe	Kirkebyveien	properNoun	nor
Kirkedalsveien	properNoun	swe	Kirkedalsveien	properNoun	nor
Kirkegata	properNoun	swe	Kirkegata	properNoun	nor
Kirkegaten	properNoun	swe	Kirkegaten	properNoun	nor
Kirkegårdsbakken	properNoun	swe	Kirkegårdsbakken	properNoun	nor
Kirkegårdsgangen	properNoun	swe	Kirkegårdsgangen	properNoun	nor
Kirkegårdsgata	properNoun	swe	Kirkegårdsgata	properNoun	nor
Kirkegårdsgata	properNoun	swe	Kirkegårdsgata	properNoun	nor
Kirkegårdsstien	properNoun	swe	Kirkegårdsstien	properNoun	nor
Kirkegårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Kirkegårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Kirkehaugsveien	properNoun	swe	Kirkehaugsveien	properNoun	nor
Kirkerudkleiva	properNoun	swe	Kirkerudkleiva	properNoun	nor
Kirkerudlia	properNoun	swe	Kirkerudlia	properNoun	nor
Kirkerudstien	properNoun	swe	Kirkerudstien	properNoun	nor
Kirkestredet	properNoun	swe	Kirkestredet	properNoun	nor
Kirkesvingen	properNoun	swe	Kirkesvingen	properNoun	nor
Kirketorget	properNoun	swe	Kirketorget	properNoun	nor
Kirkevegen	properNoun	swe	Kirkevegen	properNoun	nor
Kirkeveien	properNoun	swe	Kirkeveien	properNoun	nor
Kirkeåsveien	properNoun	swe	Kirkeåsveien	properNoun	nor
Kirsebærstien	properNoun	swe	Kirsebærstien	properNoun	nor
Kirsten Flagstads plass	properNoun	swe	Kirsten Flagstads plass	properNoun	nor
Kirsten Flagstads vei	properNoun	swe	Kirsten Flagstads vei	properNoun	nor
Kirsten Hansteens plass	properNoun	swe	Kirsten Hansteens plass	properNoun	nor
Kiserødveien	properNoun	swe	Kiserødveien	properNoun	nor
Kiserødåsen	properNoun	swe	Kiserødåsen	properNoun	nor
Kisgruveveien	properNoun	swe	Kisgruveveien	properNoun	nor
Kismulvegen	properNoun	swe	Kismulvegen	properNoun	nor
Kistebakkane	properNoun	swe	Kistebakkane	properNoun	nor
Kittel-Nielsens vei	properNoun	swe	Kittel-Nielsens vei	properNoun	nor
Kitty Kiellands vei	properNoun	swe	Kitty Kiellands vei	properNoun	nor
Kjela	properNoun	swe	Kjela	properNoun	nor
Kjeldeberg	properNoun	swe	Kjeldeberg	properNoun	nor
Kjeldhammer	properNoun	swe	Kjeldhammer	properNoun	nor
Kjeld Stubs gate	properNoun	swe	Kjeld Stubs gate	properNoun	nor
Kjeld Stubs gate	properNoun	swe	Kjeld Stubs gate	properNoun	nor
Kjellbergløkka	properNoun	swe	Kjellbergløkka	properNoun	nor
Kjellbergveien	properNoun	swe	Kjellbergveien	properNoun	nor
Kjellelia	properNoun	swe	Kjellelia	properNoun	nor
Kjellengveien	properNoun	swe	Kjellengveien	properNoun	nor
Kjellersmauet	properNoun	swe	Kjellersmauet	properNoun	nor
Kjellestadbakken	properNoun	swe	Kjellestadbakken	properNoun	nor
Kjelleveien	properNoun	swe	Kjelleveien	properNoun	nor
Kjelsåsløkka	properNoun	swe	Kjelsåsløkka	properNoun	nor
Kjelsåsveien	properNoun	swe	Kjelsåsveien	properNoun	nor
Kjelånæ	properNoun	swe	Kjelånæ	properNoun	nor
Kjelåvegen	properNoun	swe	Kjelåvegen	properNoun	nor
Kjempekastveien	properNoun	swe	Kjempekastveien	properNoun	nor
Kjenes	properNoun	swe	Kjenes	properNoun	nor
Kjenndalsbrotet	properNoun	swe	Kjenndalsbrotet	properNoun	nor
Kjenndalslien	properNoun	swe	Kjenndalslien	properNoun	nor
Kjenndalssæteren	properNoun	swe	Kjenndalssæteren	properNoun	nor
Kjenndalstoppen	properNoun	swe	Kjenndalstoppen	properNoun	nor
Kjenndalsåsen	properNoun	swe	Kjenndalsåsen	properNoun	nor
Kjerran	properNoun	swe	Kjerran	properNoun	nor
Kjerraten	properNoun	swe	Kjerraten	properNoun	nor
Kjerreidvika	properNoun	swe	Kjerreidvika	properNoun	nor
Kjerrvikveien	properNoun	swe	Kjerrvikveien	properNoun	nor
Kjetils vei	properNoun	swe	Kjetils vei	properNoun	nor
Kjettingveien	properNoun	swe	Kjettingveien	properNoun	nor
Kjeås	properNoun	swe	Kjeås	properNoun	nor
Kjonejordet	properNoun	swe	Kjonejordet	properNoun	nor
Kjæret	properNoun	swe	Kjæret	properNoun	nor
Kjærlighetsstien	properNoun	swe	Kjærlighetsstien	properNoun	nor
Kjærlighetstien	properNoun	swe	Kjærlighetstien	properNoun	nor
Kjæråsveien	properNoun	swe	Kjæråsveien	properNoun	nor
Kjøkkelvikbrekkene	properNoun	swe	Kjøkkelvikbrekkene	properNoun	nor
Kjøkkelvikveien	properNoun	swe	Kjøkkelvikveien	properNoun	nor
Kjøladal	properNoun	swe	Kjøladal	properNoun	nor
Kjølberggata	properNoun	swe	Kjølberggata	properNoun	nor
Kjølbergs plass	properNoun	swe	Kjølbergs plass	properNoun	nor
Kjølhalveien	properNoun	swe	Kjølhalveien	properNoun	nor
Kjønnøyaveien	properNoun	swe	Kjønnøyaveien	properNoun	nor
Kjørbo	properNoun	swe	Kjørbo	properNoun	nor
Kjørboveien	properNoun	swe	Kjørboveien	properNoun	nor
Kjørholt	properNoun	swe	Kjørholt	properNoun	nor
Kjørkåsveien	properNoun	swe	Kjørkåsveien	properNoun	nor
Klamraveien	properNoun	swe	Klamraveien	properNoun	nor
Klaras vei	properNoun	swe	Klaras vei	properNoun	nor
Klasatjønnveien	properNoun	swe	Klasatjønnveien	properNoun	nor
Klaus Hanssens vei	properNoun	swe	Klaus Hanssens vei	properNoun	nor
Klaus Torgårds vei	properNoun	swe	Klaus Torgårds vei	properNoun	nor
Klauvaneset	properNoun	swe	Klauvaneset	properNoun	nor
Klauvarinden	properNoun	swe	Klauvarinden	properNoun	nor
Klauvsteinen	properNoun	swe	Klauvsteinen	properNoun	nor
Klavenesveien	properNoun	swe	Klavenesveien	properNoun	nor
Kleinslåt	properNoun	swe	Kleinslåt	properNoun	nor
Kleiva	properNoun	swe	Kleiva	properNoun	nor
Kleivadalen	properNoun	swe	Kleivadalen	properNoun	nor
Kleivaveien	properNoun	swe	Kleivaveien	properNoun	nor
Kleiven	properNoun	swe	Kleiven	properNoun	nor
Kleivtun	properNoun	swe	Kleivtun	properNoun	nor
Kleivveien	properNoun	swe	Kleivveien	properNoun	nor
Kleivvik	properNoun	swe	Kleivvik	properNoun	nor
Klemetsrudveien	properNoun	swe	Klemetsrudveien	properNoun	nor
Klems gate	properNoun	swe	Klems gate	properNoun	nor
Kleppanveien	properNoun	swe	Kleppanveien	properNoun	nor
Kleppevarden	properNoun	swe	Kleppevarden	properNoun	nor
Klettevegen	properNoun	swe	Klettevegen	properNoun	nor
Klevgaten	properNoun	swe	Klevgaten	properNoun	nor
Klinestadmoen	properNoun	swe	Klinestadmoen	properNoun	nor
Klingenberggata	properNoun	swe	Klingenberggata	properNoun	nor
Klingesmauet	properNoun	swe	Klingesmauet	properNoun	nor
Klinkerveien	properNoun	swe	Klinkerveien	properNoun	nor
Klippeveien	properNoun	swe	Klippeveien	properNoun	nor
Klokahole	properNoun	swe	Klokahole	properNoun	nor
Klokkarhaug	properNoun	swe	Klokkarhaug	properNoun	nor
Klokkarlien	properNoun	swe	Klokkarlien	properNoun	nor
Klokkergata	properNoun	swe	Klokkergata	properNoun	nor
Klokkersmauet	properNoun	swe	Klokkersmauet	properNoun	nor
Klokkersvingen	properNoun	swe	Klokkersvingen	properNoun	nor
Klokkerveien	properNoun	swe	Klokkerveien	properNoun	nor
Klokkeråsen	properNoun	swe	Klokkeråsen	properNoun	nor
Kloppa	properNoun	swe	Kloppa	properNoun	nor
Kloppedalen	properNoun	swe	Kloppedalen	properNoun	nor
Kloppedalsveien	properNoun	swe	Kloppedalsveien	properNoun	nor
Kloppfossveien	properNoun	swe	Kloppfossveien	properNoun	nor
Kloppgata	properNoun	swe	Kloppgata	properNoun	nor
Kloppløkkstien	properNoun	swe	Kloppløkkstien	properNoun	nor
Klosteret	properNoun	swe	Klosteret	properNoun	nor
Klostergata	properNoun	swe	Klostergata	properNoun	nor
Klostergaten	properNoun	swe	Klostergaten	properNoun	nor
Klosterhaugen	properNoun	swe	Klosterhaugen	properNoun	nor
Klosterheimveien	properNoun	swe	Klosterheimveien	properNoun	nor
Klostersmauet	properNoun	swe	Klostersmauet	properNoun	nor
Klotejordet	properNoun	swe	Klotejordet	properNoun	nor
Klubben	properNoun	swe	Klubben	properNoun	nor
Klubbstraumen	properNoun	swe	Klubbstraumen	properNoun	nor
Kluftafjell	properNoun	swe	Kluftafjell	properNoun	nor
Kluftebakken	properNoun	swe	Kluftebakken	properNoun	nor
Klype	properNoun	swe	Klype	properNoun	nor
Kløftastien	properNoun	swe	Kløftastien	properNoun	nor
Kløfterhagen	properNoun	swe	Kløfterhagen	properNoun	nor
Kløverenga	properNoun	swe	Kløverenga	properNoun	nor
Kløverstien	properNoun	swe	Kløverstien	properNoun	nor
Kløversvingen	properNoun	swe	Kløversvingen	properNoun	nor
Kløvervegen	properNoun	swe	Kløvervegen	properNoun	nor
Kløverveien	properNoun	swe	Kløverveien	properNoun	nor
Kløvstadhagen	properNoun	swe	Kløvstadhagen	properNoun	nor
Knappe	properNoun	swe	Knappe	properNoun	nor
Knappenveien	properNoun	swe	Knappenveien	properNoun	nor
Knaps gate	properNoun	swe	Knaps gate	properNoun	nor
Knatten	properNoun	swe	Knatten	properNoun	nor
Knattenveien	properNoun	swe	Knattenveien	properNoun	nor
Knausen	properNoun	swe	Knausen	properNoun	nor
Knausen	properNoun	swe	Knausen	properNoun	nor
Kneika	properNoun	swe	Kneika	properNoun	nor
Kneiken	properNoun	swe	Kneiken	properNoun	nor
Kneppebakken	properNoun	swe	Kneppebakken	properNoun	nor
Kneppeskjærutstikkeren	properNoun	swe	Kneppeskjærutstikkeren	properNoun	nor
Knipa	properNoun	swe	Knipa	properNoun	nor
Knivstikkeren	properNoun	swe	Knivstikkeren	properNoun	nor
Knolta	properNoun	swe	Knolta	properNoun	nor
Knoppveien	properNoun	swe	Knoppveien	properNoun	nor
Knotten	properNoun	swe	Knotten	properNoun	nor
Knud Bryns vei	properNoun	swe	Knud Bryns vei	properNoun	nor
Knud Graahs gate	properNoun	swe	Knud Graahs gate	properNoun	nor
Knud Knudsens plass	properNoun	swe	Knud Knudsens plass	properNoun	nor
Knudsjuv	properNoun	swe	Knudsjuv	properNoun	nor
Knud Øyens vei	properNoun	swe	Knud Øyens vei	properNoun	nor
Knut Alvssons vei	properNoun	swe	Knut Alvssons vei	properNoun	nor
Knuteveien	properNoun	swe	Knuteveien	properNoun	nor
Knut Hamsuns vei	properNoun	swe	Knut Hamsuns vei	properNoun	nor
Knut Johnsens vei	properNoun	swe	Knut Johnsens vei	properNoun	nor
Knut Valstads vei	properNoun	swe	Knut Valstads vei	properNoun	nor
Knøsesmauet	properNoun	swe	Knøsesmauet	properNoun	nor
Koa	properNoun	swe	Koa	properNoun	nor
Kobbeneset	properNoun	swe	Kobbeneset	properNoun	nor
Kobberbergsveien	properNoun	swe	Kobberbergsveien	properNoun	nor
Kobbernaglen	properNoun	swe	Kobbernaglen	properNoun	nor
Kobberstien	properNoun	swe	Kobberstien	properNoun	nor
Kodalveien	properNoun	swe	Kodalveien	properNoun	nor
Koengen	properNoun	swe	Koengen	properNoun	nor
Kokkerudlia	properNoun	swe	Kokkerudlia	properNoun	nor
Kokkerudåsen	properNoun	swe	Kokkerudåsen	properNoun	nor
Kokkolaveien	properNoun	swe	Kokkolaveien	properNoun	nor
Kokstad	properNoun	swe	Kokstad	properNoun	nor
Kokstaddalen	properNoun	swe	Kokstaddalen	properNoun	nor
Kokstadflaten	properNoun	swe	Kokstadflaten	properNoun	nor
Kokstadgrenda	properNoun	swe	Kokstadgrenda	properNoun	nor
Kokstadvegen	properNoun	swe	Kokstadvegen	properNoun	nor
Kolbergsrudvegen	properNoun	swe	Kolbergsrudvegen	properNoun	nor
Kolderups vei	properNoun	swe	Kolderups vei	properNoun	nor
Kolkinn	properNoun	swe	Kolkinn	properNoun	nor
Kollbudalen	properNoun	swe	Kollbudalen	properNoun	nor
Kollbulia	properNoun	swe	Kollbulia	properNoun	nor
Kolleveien	properNoun	swe	Kolleveien	properNoun	nor
Kollshaugen	properNoun	swe	Kollshaugen	properNoun	nor
Kollstien	properNoun	swe	Kollstien	properNoun	nor
Kollsvegen	properNoun	swe	Kollsvegen	properNoun	nor
Kolltveit	properNoun	swe	Kolltveit	properNoun	nor
Kollåsen	properNoun	swe	Kollåsen	properNoun	nor
Kollåslia	properNoun	swe	Kollåslia	properNoun	nor
Kollåsskiftet	properNoun	swe	Kollåsskiftet	properNoun	nor
Kolomoen - Moelv	properNoun	swe	Kolomoen - Moelv	properNoun	nor
Kolonihagestien	properNoun	swe	Kolonihagestien	properNoun	nor
Kolonivegen	properNoun	swe	Kolonivegen	properNoun	nor
Kolsbergveien	properNoun	swe	Kolsbergveien	properNoun	nor
Kolstadgata	properNoun	swe	Kolstadgata	properNoun	nor
Kolstadveien	properNoun	swe	Kolstadveien	properNoun	nor
Kolstibotn	properNoun	swe	Kolstibotn	properNoun	nor
Kolstien	properNoun	swe	Kolstien	properNoun	nor
Kolstø	properNoun	swe	Kolstø	properNoun	nor
Kolsåslia	properNoun	swe	Kolsåslia	properNoun	nor
Kolsåssikten	properNoun	swe	Kolsåssikten	properNoun	nor
Kolsåsstien	properNoun	swe	Kolsåsstien	properNoun	nor
Kolåshøyen	properNoun	swe	Kolåshøyen	properNoun	nor
Komediebakken	properNoun	swe	Komediebakken	properNoun	nor
Kometvegen	properNoun	swe	Kometvegen	properNoun	nor
Kometveien	properNoun	swe	Kometveien	properNoun	nor
Kommandør T. I. Øgrims plass	properNoun	swe	Kommandør T. I. Øgrims plass	properNoun	nor
Kongegata	properNoun	swe	Kongegata	properNoun	nor
Kongegaten	properNoun	swe	Kongegaten	properNoun	nor
Kongens gate	properNoun	swe	Kongens gate	properNoun	nor
Kongens plass	properNoun	swe	Kongens plass	properNoun	nor
Kongestubben	properNoun	swe	Kongestubben	properNoun	nor
Kongeveien	properNoun	swe	Kongeveien	properNoun	nor
Kong Halvdans gate	properNoun	swe	Kong Halvdans gate	properNoun	nor
Konghellegata	properNoun	swe	Konghellegata	properNoun	nor
Kong Håkon 5.s gate	properNoun	swe	Kong Håkon 5.s gate	properNoun	nor
Kong Jacobsvei	properNoun	swe	Kong Jacobsvei	properNoun	nor
Konglefaret	properNoun	swe	Konglefaret	properNoun	nor
Konglerudtoppen	properNoun	swe	Konglerudtoppen	properNoun	nor
Konglevegen	properNoun	swe	Konglevegen	properNoun	nor
Kongleveien	properNoun	swe	Kongleveien	properNoun	nor
Kong Olav Vs Plass	properNoun	swe	Kong Olav Vs Plass	properNoun	nor
Kong Oscars gate	properNoun	swe	Kong Oscars gate	properNoun	nor
Kong Rings gate	properNoun	swe	Kong Rings gate	properNoun	nor
Kongsbakken	properNoun	swe	Kongsbakken	properNoun	nor
Kongsberggata	properNoun	swe	Kongsberggata	properNoun	nor
Kongsbrekkene	properNoun	swe	Kongsbrekkene	properNoun	nor
Kongs-Eikveien	properNoun	swe	Kongs-Eikveien	properNoun	nor
Kongsgårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Kongsgårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Kongshavnsgate	properNoun	swe	Kongshavnsgate	properNoun	nor
Kongshavnsåsen	properNoun	swe	Kongshavnsåsen	properNoun	nor
Kongshavnveien	properNoun	swe	Kongshavnveien	properNoun	nor
Kongslysveien	properNoun	swe	Kongslysveien	properNoun	nor
Kongsmyrveien	properNoun	swe	Kongsmyrveien	properNoun	nor
Kongsstien	properNoun	swe	Kongsstien	properNoun	nor
Kongsveien	properNoun	swe	Kongsveien	properNoun	nor
Kong Sverres gate	properNoun	swe	Kong Sverres gate	properNoun	nor
Kong Sverres vei	properNoun	swe	Kong Sverres vei	properNoun	nor
Kongsvingergata	properNoun	swe	Kongsvingergata	properNoun	nor
Kongsåsveien	properNoun	swe	Kongsåsveien	properNoun	nor
Kong Trygves vei	properNoun	swe	Kong Trygves vei	properNoun	nor
Konkylieveien	properNoun	swe	Konkylieveien	properNoun	nor
Konows gate	properNoun	swe	Konows gate	properNoun	nor
Konows vei	properNoun	swe	Konows vei	properNoun	nor
Konsul Børs' gate	properNoun	swe	Konsul Børs' gate	properNoun	nor
Konsul Iversens vei	properNoun	swe	Konsul Iversens vei	properNoun	nor
Konsul Schjelderups vei	properNoun	swe	Konsul Schjelderups vei	properNoun	nor
Konvalleveien	properNoun	swe	Konvalleveien	properNoun	nor
Konvallia	properNoun	swe	Konvallia	properNoun	nor
Konvallveien	properNoun	swe	Konvallveien	properNoun	nor
Konventveien	properNoun	swe	Konventveien	properNoun	nor
Kopperudbakken	properNoun	swe	Kopperudbakken	properNoun	nor
Kopperuds vei	properNoun	swe	Kopperuds vei	properNoun	nor
Korallvegen	properNoun	swe	Korallvegen	properNoun	nor
Korallveien	properNoun	swe	Korallveien	properNoun	nor
Korbuveien	properNoun	swe	Korbuveien	properNoun	nor
Koren Wibergs Plass	properNoun	swe	Koren Wibergs Plass	properNoun	nor
Korgelien	properNoun	swe	Korgelien	properNoun	nor
Korgeliskaret	properNoun	swe	Korgeliskaret	properNoun	nor
Kornmagasingata	properNoun	swe	Kornmagasingata	properNoun	nor
Kornstadveien	properNoun	swe	Kornstadveien	properNoun	nor
Kornveien	properNoun	swe	Kornveien	properNoun	nor
Korsfjord	properNoun	swe	Korsfjord	properNoun	nor
Korsgata	properNoun	swe	Korsgata	properNoun	nor
Korskirkeveiten	properNoun	swe	Korskirkeveiten	properNoun	nor
Korslund	properNoun	swe	Korslund	properNoun	nor
Korsnesvegen	properNoun	swe	Korsnesvegen	properNoun	nor
Korsveien	properNoun	swe	Korsveien	properNoun	nor
Korsvikveien	properNoun	swe	Korsvikveien	properNoun	nor
Korsvollbakken	properNoun	swe	Korsvollbakken	properNoun	nor
Korsvollbråtan	properNoun	swe	Korsvollbråtan	properNoun	nor
Korsvoll terrasse	properNoun	swe	Korsvoll terrasse	properNoun	nor
Kortbølgen	properNoun	swe	Kortbølgen	properNoun	nor
Korten	properNoun	swe	Korten	properNoun	nor
Kossebakken	properNoun	swe	Kossebakken	properNoun	nor
Krabbanes	properNoun	swe	Krabbanes	properNoun	nor
Krabbedalen	properNoun	swe	Krabbedalen	properNoun	nor
Krabbedalsflaten	properNoun	swe	Krabbedalsflaten	properNoun	nor
Krabbekloa	properNoun	swe	Krabbekloa	properNoun	nor
Krabberødkollen	properNoun	swe	Krabberødkollen	properNoun	nor
Krabberødstrand	properNoun	swe	Krabberødstrand	properNoun	nor
Krabberødstrand Terrasse	properNoun	swe	Krabberødstrand Terrasse	properNoun	nor
Krabberødveien	properNoun	swe	Krabberødveien	properNoun	nor
Krabbeveien	properNoun	swe	Krabbeveien	properNoun	nor
Krafts gate	properNoun	swe	Krafts gate	properNoun	nor
Krags gate	properNoun	swe	Krags gate	properNoun	nor
Krags terrasse	properNoun	swe	Krags terrasse	properNoun	nor
Kragstubben	properNoun	swe	Kragstubben	properNoun	nor
Krags vei	properNoun	swe	Krags vei	properNoun	nor
Kranabakken	properNoun	swe	Kranabakken	properNoun	nor
Kranaplassen	properNoun	swe	Kranaplassen	properNoun	nor
Kranaveien	properNoun	swe	Kranaveien	properNoun	nor
Kransen	properNoun	swe	Kransen	properNoun	nor
Kranveien	properNoun	swe	Kranveien	properNoun	nor
Krebs' gate	properNoun	swe	Krebs' gate	properNoun	nor
Kreftings gate	properNoun	swe	Kreftings gate	properNoun	nor
Kreklingbakken	properNoun	swe	Kreklingbakken	properNoun	nor
Kreklingen	properNoun	swe	Kreklingen	properNoun	nor
Kreklingveien	properNoun	swe	Kreklingveien	properNoun	nor
Kremlegrenda	properNoun	swe	Kremlegrenda	properNoun	nor
Kremleveien	properNoun	swe	Kremleveien	properNoun	nor
Krepseveien	properNoun	swe	Krepseveien	properNoun	nor
Kringens gate	properNoun	swe	Kringens gate	properNoun	nor
Kringkollen	properNoun	swe	Kringkollen	properNoun	nor
Kringlebekkveien	properNoun	swe	Kringlebekkveien	properNoun	nor
Kringlebotn	properNoun	swe	Kringlebotn	properNoun	nor
Kringsjå	properNoun	swe	Kringsjå	properNoun	nor
Kringsjågrenda	properNoun	swe	Kringsjågrenda	properNoun	nor
Kringsjåveien	properNoun	swe	Kringsjåveien	properNoun	nor
Kringstølen	properNoun	swe	Kringstølen	properNoun	nor
Kringveien	properNoun	swe	Kringveien	properNoun	nor
Krinkelkroken	properNoun	swe	Krinkelkroken	properNoun	nor
Kristenberget	properNoun	swe	Kristenberget	properNoun	nor
Kristen Staksnæs vei	properNoun	swe	Kristen Staksnæs vei	properNoun	nor
Kristian Auberts vei	properNoun	swe	Kristian Auberts vei	properNoun	nor
Kristian Augusts gate	properNoun	swe	Kristian Augusts gate	properNoun	nor
Kristian Bings vei	properNoun	swe	Kristian Bings vei	properNoun	nor
Kristian Bogneruds vei	properNoun	swe	Kristian Bogneruds vei	properNoun	nor
Kristian Fredriks vei	properNoun	swe	Kristian Fredriks vei	properNoun	nor
Kristianiasvingen	properNoun	swe	Kristianiasvingen	properNoun	nor
Kristian IVs gate	properNoun	swe	Kristian IVs gate	properNoun	nor
Kristian Kølles vei	properNoun	swe	Kristian Kølles vei	properNoun	nor
Kristiansands gate	properNoun	swe	Kristiansands gate	properNoun	nor
Kristiansholm	properNoun	swe	Kristiansholm	properNoun	nor
Kristian Skolmens vei	properNoun	swe	Kristian Skolmens vei	properNoun	nor
Kristian Sønjus vei	properNoun	swe	Kristian Sønjus vei	properNoun	nor
Kristine Bakkes vei	properNoun	swe	Kristine Bakkes vei	properNoun	nor
Kristine Bonnevies vei	properNoun	swe	Kristine Bonnevies vei	properNoun	nor
Kristinelundveien	properNoun	swe	Kristinelundveien	properNoun	nor
Kristins vei	properNoun	swe	Kristins vei	properNoun	nor
Kristofer Jansons vei	properNoun	swe	Kristofer Jansons vei	properNoun	nor
Kristoffer Robins vei	properNoun	swe	Kristoffer Robins vei	properNoun	nor
Kristoffer Aamots gate	properNoun	swe	Kristoffer Aamots gate	properNoun	nor
Kristtornveien	properNoun	swe	Kristtornveien	properNoun	nor
Kroghenga	properNoun	swe	Kroghenga	properNoun	nor
Krogs gate	properNoun	swe	Krogs gate	properNoun	nor
Krogshavnveien	properNoun	swe	Krogshavnveien	properNoun	nor
Krohnegården	properNoun	swe	Krohnegården	properNoun	nor
Krohnengsgaten	properNoun	swe	Krohnengsgaten	properNoun	nor
Krohnengssmauet	properNoun	swe	Krohnengssmauet	properNoun	nor
Krohnhaugen	properNoun	swe	Krohnhaugen	properNoun	nor
Krohnåsveien	properNoun	swe	Krohnåsveien	properNoun	nor
Krokanesodden	properNoun	swe	Krokanesodden	properNoun	nor
Krokatjønnveien	properNoun	swe	Krokatjønnveien	properNoun	nor
Krokeidevegen	properNoun	swe	Krokeidevegen	properNoun	nor
Krokeidluren	properNoun	swe	Krokeidluren	properNoun	nor
Krokemoveien	properNoun	swe	Krokemoveien	properNoun	nor
Kroken	properNoun	swe	Kroken	properNoun	nor
Krokenveien	properNoun	swe	Krokenveien	properNoun	nor
Krokfaret	properNoun	swe	Krokfaret	properNoun	nor
Krokhaugen	properNoun	swe	Krokhaugen	properNoun	nor
Krokkleiva	properNoun	swe	Krokkleiva	properNoun	nor
Krokliveien	properNoun	swe	Krokliveien	properNoun	nor
Krokstien	properNoun	swe	Krokstien	properNoun	nor
Krokusveien	properNoun	swe	Krokusveien	properNoun	nor
Krokvegen	properNoun	swe	Krokvegen	properNoun	nor
Krokveien	properNoun	swe	Krokveien	properNoun	nor
Krokvolden	properNoun	swe	Krokvolden	properNoun	nor
Kronestien	properNoun	swe	Kronestien	properNoun	nor
Kronprinsens gate	properNoun	swe	Kronprinsens gate	properNoun	nor
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass	properNoun	swe	Kronprinsesse Märthas plass	properNoun	nor
Kronprins Olavs veg	properNoun	swe	Kronprins Olavs veg	properNoun	nor
Kronstadveien	properNoun	swe	Kronstadveien	properNoun	nor
Kronveien	properNoun	swe	Kronveien	properNoun	nor
Krossveien	properNoun	swe	Krossveien	properNoun	nor
Krumgata	properNoun	swe	Krumgata	properNoun	nor
Krumveien	properNoun	swe	Krumveien	properNoun	nor
Kruses gate	properNoun	swe	Kruses gate	properNoun	nor
Kruttmølleveien	properNoun	swe	Kruttmølleveien	properNoun	nor
Kruttstien	properNoun	swe	Kruttstien	properNoun	nor
Kruttveien	properNoun	swe	Kruttveien	properNoun	nor
Krybbesmauet	properNoun	swe	Krybbesmauet	properNoun	nor
Krydsbylia	properNoun	swe	Krydsbylia	properNoun	nor
Kryssveien	properNoun	swe	Kryssveien	properNoun	nor
Krøllen	properNoun	swe	Krøllen	properNoun	nor
Kråkenesdalen	properNoun	swe	Kråkenesdalen	properNoun	nor
Kråkeneslien	properNoun	swe	Kråkeneslien	properNoun	nor
Kråkenestoppen	properNoun	swe	Kråkenestoppen	properNoun	nor
Kråkenesveien	properNoun	swe	Kråkenesveien	properNoun	nor
Kråkerøy brua	properNoun	swe	Kråkerøy brua	properNoun	nor
Kråkeskar	properNoun	swe	Kråkeskar	properNoun	nor
Kråkjordet terrasse	properNoun	swe	Kråkjordet terrasse	properNoun	nor
Kråkåsveien	properNoun	swe	Kråkåsveien	properNoun	nor
Kråvasslia	properNoun	swe	Kråvasslia	properNoun	nor
Kudalsveien	properNoun	swe	Kudalsveien	properNoun	nor
Kullebunnbakken	properNoun	swe	Kullebunnbakken	properNoun	nor
Kullerødstien	properNoun	swe	Kullerødstien	properNoun	nor
Kullerødsvingen	properNoun	swe	Kullerødsvingen	properNoun	nor
Kullveien	properNoun	swe	Kullveien	properNoun	nor
Kurlandstien	properNoun	swe	Kurlandstien	properNoun	nor
Kurveien	properNoun	swe	Kurveien	properNoun	nor
Kvadraturen	properNoun	swe	Kvadraturen	properNoun	nor
Kvalnes	properNoun	swe	Kvalnes	properNoun	nor
Kvaløy	properNoun	swe	Kvaløy	properNoun	nor
Kvamsto	properNoun	swe	Kvamsto	properNoun	nor
Kvamsvegen	properNoun	swe	Kvamsvegen	properNoun	nor
Kvanbekks vei	properNoun	swe	Kvanbekks vei	properNoun	nor
Kvannheia	properNoun	swe	Kvannheia	properNoun	nor
Kvartsgangen	properNoun	swe	Kvartsgangen	properNoun	nor
Kvartsvegen	properNoun	swe	Kvartsvegen	properNoun	nor
Kvartsveien	properNoun	swe	Kvartsveien	properNoun	nor
Kveheiveien	properNoun	swe	Kveheiveien	properNoun	nor
Kveisegata	properNoun	swe	Kveisegata	properNoun	nor
Kveldro	properNoun	swe	Kveldro	properNoun	nor
Kveldroveien	properNoun	swe	Kveldroveien	properNoun	nor
Kveldsolveien	properNoun	swe	Kveldsolveien	properNoun	nor
Kveldsrosvingen	properNoun	swe	Kveldsrosvingen	properNoun	nor
Kveldsro terrasse	properNoun	swe	Kveldsro terrasse	properNoun	nor
Kveldsroveien	properNoun	swe	Kveldsroveien	properNoun	nor
Kvennberggata	properNoun	swe	Kvennberggata	properNoun	nor
Kvernabekkveien	properNoun	swe	Kvernabekkveien	properNoun	nor
Kvernberggata	properNoun	swe	Kvernberggata	properNoun	nor
Kverndalsveien	properNoun	swe	Kverndalsveien	properNoun	nor
Kvernesveien	properNoun	swe	Kvernesveien	properNoun	nor
Kvernevika	properNoun	swe	Kvernevika	properNoun	nor
Kvernevikstemma	properNoun	swe	Kvernevikstemma	properNoun	nor
Kvernfaret	properNoun	swe	Kvernfaret	properNoun	nor
Kvernhushaug	properNoun	swe	Kvernhushaug	properNoun	nor
Kvernhusveien	properNoun	swe	Kvernhusveien	properNoun	nor
Kvernkallveien	properNoun	swe	Kvernkallveien	properNoun	nor
Kvernslåttvegen	properNoun	swe	Kvernslåttvegen	properNoun	nor
Kvernstien	properNoun	swe	Kvernstien	properNoun	nor
Kvernveien	properNoun	swe	Kvernveien	properNoun	nor
Kviltorpvegen	properNoun	swe	Kviltorpvegen	properNoun	nor
Kvisti	properNoun	swe	Kvisti	properNoun	nor
Kvistveien	properNoun	swe	Kvistveien	properNoun	nor
Kvitaskarv	properNoun	swe	Kvitaskarv	properNoun	nor
Kvitbergan	properNoun	swe	Kvitbergan	properNoun	nor
Kvitneshammeren	properNoun	swe	Kvitneshammeren	properNoun	nor
Kvitur	properNoun	swe	Kvitur	properNoun	nor
Kvitura	properNoun	swe	Kvitura	properNoun	nor
Kviv	properNoun	swe	Kviv	properNoun	nor
Kværnerveien	properNoun	swe	Kværnerveien	properNoun	nor
Kyhns vei	properNoun	swe	Kyhns vei	properNoun	nor
Kyrkjetangen	properNoun	swe	Kyrkjetangen	properNoun	nor
Kyrre Grepps gate	properNoun	swe	Kyrre Grepps gate	properNoun	nor
Kyrres vei	properNoun	swe	Kyrres vei	properNoun	nor
Kyrteig	properNoun	swe	Kyrteig	properNoun	nor
Kyskredo	properNoun	swe	Kyskredo	properNoun	nor
Københavngata	properNoun	swe	Københavngata	properNoun	nor
Kaare Røddes plass	properNoun	swe	Kaare Røddes plass	properNoun	nor
Kåres vei	properNoun	swe	Kåres vei	properNoun	nor
Kårstuveien	properNoun	swe	Kårstuveien	properNoun	nor
Kårvikveien	properNoun	swe	Kårvikveien	properNoun	nor
Kåsaveien	properNoun	swe	Kåsaveien	properNoun	nor
Kåsaåsen	properNoun	swe	Kåsaåsen	properNoun	nor
Kaasbølsvei	properNoun	swe	Kaasbølsvei	properNoun	nor
Labben	properNoun	swe	Labben	properNoun	nor
Laberget	properNoun	swe	Laberget	properNoun	nor
Labroveien	properNoun	swe	Labroveien	properNoun	nor
Lachmanns vei	properNoun	swe	Lachmanns vei	properNoun	nor
Ladegangene	properNoun	swe	Ladegangene	properNoun	nor
Ladegårdsgaten	properNoun	swe	Ladegårdsgaten	properNoun	nor
Ladegårdsterrassen	properNoun	swe	Ladegårdsterrassen	properNoun	nor
Ladegårdsveiten	properNoun	swe	Ladegårdsveiten	properNoun	nor
Ladestredet	properNoun	swe	Ladestredet	properNoun	nor
Ladeveien	properNoun	swe	Ladeveien	properNoun	nor
Lafteråsveien	properNoun	swe	Lafteråsveien	properNoun	nor
Lagerkroken	properNoun	swe	Lagerkroken	properNoun	nor
Lagesens gate	properNoun	swe	Lagesens gate	properNoun	nor
Lahellekroken	properNoun	swe	Lahellekroken	properNoun	nor
Lahellestien	properNoun	swe	Lahellestien	properNoun	nor
Lahelleveien	properNoun	swe	Lahelleveien	properNoun	nor
Lakkegata	properNoun	swe	Lakkegata	properNoun	nor
Lakseberget	properNoun	swe	Lakseberget	properNoun	nor
Laksevågneset	properNoun	swe	Laksevågneset	properNoun	nor
Lakskjønnveien	properNoun	swe	Lakskjønnveien	properNoun	nor
Lakslia	properNoun	swe	Lakslia	properNoun	nor
Laksvågen	properNoun	swe	Laksvågen	properNoun	nor
Lallakroken	properNoun	swe	Lallakroken	properNoun	nor
Lambertseterveien	properNoun	swe	Lambertseterveien	properNoun	nor
Lambertstien	properNoun	swe	Lambertstien	properNoun	nor
Lamberts vei	properNoun	swe	Lamberts vei	properNoun	nor
Lambrechts' gate	properNoun	swe	Lambrechts' gate	properNoun	nor
Lammers' gate	properNoun	swe	Lammers' gate	properNoun	nor
Lammers vei	properNoun	swe	Lammers vei	properNoun	nor
Landehagen	properNoun	swe	Landehagen	properNoun	nor
Landerokollen	properNoun	swe	Landerokollen	properNoun	nor
Landeroveien	properNoun	swe	Landeroveien	properNoun	nor
Landgangen	properNoun	swe	Landgangen	properNoun	nor
Landingsveien	properNoun	swe	Landingsveien	properNoun	nor
Landmarks gate	properNoun	swe	Landmarks gate	properNoun	nor
Landsbyveien	properNoun	swe	Landsbyveien	properNoun	nor
Landsnes	properNoun	swe	Landsnes	properNoun	nor
Landstads gate	properNoun	swe	Landstads gate	properNoun	nor
Landsverkmoen	properNoun	swe	Landsverkmoen	properNoun	nor
Landsverkveien	properNoun	swe	Landsverkveien	properNoun	nor
Landveien	properNoun	swe	Landveien	properNoun	nor
Landøyveien	properNoun	swe	Landøyveien	properNoun	nor
Landåslien	properNoun	swe	Landåslien	properNoun	nor
Landåssvingen	properNoun	swe	Landåssvingen	properNoun	nor
Landåsveien	properNoun	swe	Landåsveien	properNoun	nor
Langarenn	properNoun	swe	Langarenn	properNoun	nor
Langarinden	properNoun	swe	Langarinden	properNoun	nor
Langbergs gate	properNoun	swe	Langbergs gate	properNoun	nor
Langbryggen	properNoun	swe	Langbryggen	properNoun	nor
Langbølgen	properNoun	swe	Langbølgen	properNoun	nor
Langedalen	properNoun	swe	Langedalen	properNoun	nor
Langekjennveien	properNoun	swe	Langekjennveien	properNoun	nor
Langemyrveien	properNoun	swe	Langemyrveien	properNoun	nor
Langenesvegen	properNoun	swe	Langenesvegen	properNoun	nor
Langengen	properNoun	swe	Langengen	properNoun	nor
Langerekkja	properNoun	swe	Langerekkja	properNoun	nor
Langerudhaugen	properNoun	swe	Langerudhaugen	properNoun	nor
Langerudsvingen	properNoun	swe	Langerudsvingen	properNoun	nor
Langerudveien	properNoun	swe	Langerudveien	properNoun	nor
Langes gate	properNoun	swe	Langes gate	properNoun	nor
Langes gate	properNoun	swe	Langes gate	properNoun	nor
Langeskjærveien	properNoun	swe	Langeskjærveien	properNoun	nor
Langestrandhagen	properNoun	swe	Langestrandhagen	properNoun	nor
Langestrandveien	properNoun	swe	Langestrandveien	properNoun	nor
Langesundveien	properNoun	swe	Langesundveien	properNoun	nor
Langevannsveien	properNoun	swe	Langevannsveien	properNoun	nor
Langeveien	properNoun	swe	Langeveien	properNoun	nor
Langfjord	properNoun	swe	Langfjord	properNoun	nor
Langfoss	properNoun	swe	Langfoss	properNoun	nor
Langgaden	properNoun	swe	Langgaden	properNoun	nor
Langgata	properNoun	swe	Langgata	properNoun	nor
Langhaugen	properNoun	swe	Langhaugen	properNoun	nor
Langhelle	properNoun	swe	Langhelle	properNoun	nor
Langkaia	properNoun	swe	Langkaia	properNoun	nor
Langleiken	properNoun	swe	Langleiken	properNoun	nor
Langlia	properNoun	swe	Langlia	properNoun	nor
Langlibakken	properNoun	swe	Langlibakken	properNoun	nor
Langliveien	properNoun	swe	Langliveien	properNoun	nor
Langmyrgrenda	properNoun	swe	Langmyrgrenda	properNoun	nor
Langmyrvegen	properNoun	swe	Langmyrvegen	properNoun	nor
Langmyrveien	properNoun	swe	Langmyrveien	properNoun	nor
Langoddveien	properNoun	swe	Langoddveien	properNoun	nor
Langretta	properNoun	swe	Langretta	properNoun	nor
Langsetveien	properNoun	swe	Langsetveien	properNoun	nor
Langs linjen	properNoun	swe	Langs linjen	properNoun	nor
Langteigåsen	properNoun	swe	Langteigåsen	properNoun	nor
Langtovegen	properNoun	swe	Langtovegen	properNoun	nor
Langvari	properNoun	swe	Langvari	properNoun	nor
Langveien	properNoun	swe	Langveien	properNoun	nor
Langviksveien	properNoun	swe	Langviksveien	properNoun	nor
Langø	properNoun	swe	Langø	properNoun	nor
Langaards gate	properNoun	swe	Langaards gate	properNoun	nor
Langåsen	properNoun	swe	Langåsen	properNoun	nor
Langåsveien	properNoun	swe	Langåsveien	properNoun	nor
Lappen	properNoun	swe	Lappen	properNoun	nor
Lardalgaten	properNoun	swe	Lardalgaten	properNoun	nor
Larissas vei	properNoun	swe	Larissas vei	properNoun	nor
Larsbakken	properNoun	swe	Larsbakken	properNoun	nor
Larsbråtveien	properNoun	swe	Larsbråtveien	properNoun	nor
Lars Hilles gate	properNoun	swe	Lars Hilles gate	properNoun	nor
Lars Jongs vei	properNoun	swe	Lars Jongs vei	properNoun	nor
Larveveien	properNoun	swe	Larveveien	properNoun	nor
Larvikgaten	properNoun	swe	Larvikgaten	properNoun	nor
Larviksgata	properNoun	swe	Larviksgata	properNoun	nor
Laskengrenda	properNoun	swe	Laskengrenda	properNoun	nor
Laskenveien	properNoun	swe	Laskenveien	properNoun	nor
Lassedalsveien	properNoun	swe	Lassedalsveien	properNoun	nor
Lassons gate	properNoun	swe	Lassons gate	properNoun	nor
Lauarveien	properNoun	swe	Lauarveien	properNoun	nor
Laudal	properNoun	swe	Laudal	properNoun	nor
Laukhellaveien	properNoun	swe	Laukhellaveien	properNoun	nor
Laukvikveien	properNoun	swe	Laukvikveien	properNoun	nor
Laura Gundersens gate	properNoun	swe	Laura Gundersens gate	properNoun	nor
Laura Hansens vei	properNoun	swe	Laura Hansens vei	properNoun	nor
Lauras vei	properNoun	swe	Lauras vei	properNoun	nor
Lauritz Sands vei	properNoun	swe	Lauritz Sands vei	properNoun	nor
Lausastein	properNoun	swe	Lausastein	properNoun	nor
Lauvareid	properNoun	swe	Lauvareid	properNoun	nor
Lauvik	properNoun	swe	Lauvik	properNoun	nor
Lauvlundveien	properNoun	swe	Lauvlundveien	properNoun	nor
Lauvto	properNoun	swe	Lauvto	properNoun	nor
Lauås	properNoun	swe	Lauås	properNoun	nor
Lavrans' vei	properNoun	swe	Lavrans' vei	properNoun	nor
Lefsrødveien	properNoun	swe	Lefsrødveien	properNoun	nor
Legatveien	properNoun	swe	Legatveien	properNoun	nor
Legdåsveien	properNoun	swe	Legdåsveien	properNoun	nor
Leif Castbergs veg	properNoun	swe	Leif Castbergs veg	properNoun	nor
Leif Tronstads plass	properNoun	swe	Leif Tronstads plass	properNoun	nor
Leif Weldings vei	properNoun	swe	Leif Weldings vei	properNoun	nor
Leiknesveien	properNoun	swe	Leiknesveien	properNoun	nor
Leikvangvegen	properNoun	swe	Leikvangvegen	properNoun	nor
Leikvollgata	properNoun	swe	Leikvollgata	properNoun	nor
Leiraveien	properNoun	swe	Leiraveien	properNoun	nor
Leirdueveien	properNoun	swe	Leirdueveien	properNoun	nor
Leiren	properNoun	swe	Leiren	properNoun	nor
Leirfallsgata	properNoun	swe	Leirfallsgata	properNoun	nor
Leirfivelveien	properNoun	swe	Leirfivelveien	properNoun	nor
Leirskallbakken	properNoun	swe	Leirskallbakken	properNoun	nor
Leirskallen	properNoun	swe	Leirskallen	properNoun	nor
Leirskallhellinga	properNoun	swe	Leirskallhellinga	properNoun	nor
Leirskallsvingen	properNoun	swe	Leirskallsvingen	properNoun	nor
Leirvikflaten	properNoun	swe	Leirvikflaten	properNoun	nor
Leirvikneset	properNoun	swe	Leirvikneset	properNoun	nor
Leirvikveien	properNoun	swe	Leirvikveien	properNoun	nor
Leirvikåsen	properNoun	swe	Leirvikåsen	properNoun	nor
Leitet	properNoun	swe	Leitet	properNoun	nor
Leiv Eirikssons gate	properNoun	swe	Leiv Eirikssons gate	properNoun	nor
Lekeplassveien	properNoun	swe	Lekeplassveien	properNoun	nor
Lektergata	properNoun	swe	Lektergata	properNoun	nor
Lena Hiorths plass	properNoun	swe	Lena Hiorths plass	properNoun	nor
Lenesås	properNoun	swe	Lenesås	properNoun	nor
Lensmann Hiorths allé	properNoun	swe	Lensmann Hiorths allé	properNoun	nor
Lenvikveien	properNoun	swe	Lenvikveien	properNoun	nor
Lerches gate	properNoun	swe	Lerches gate	properNoun	nor
Lerdalsfaret	properNoun	swe	Lerdalsfaret	properNoun	nor
Lerdalsgrenda	properNoun	swe	Lerdalsgrenda	properNoun	nor
Lerdalstoppen	properNoun	swe	Lerdalstoppen	properNoun	nor
Lerdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Lerdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Lerkelundveien	properNoun	swe	Lerkelundveien	properNoun	nor
Lerkerinden	properNoun	swe	Lerkerinden	properNoun	nor
Lerketunet	properNoun	swe	Lerketunet	properNoun	nor
Lerkeveien	properNoun	swe	Lerkeveien	properNoun	nor
Lerskall	properNoun	swe	Lerskall	properNoun	nor
Lersolveien	properNoun	swe	Lersolveien	properNoun	nor
Lerumsbakken	properNoun	swe	Lerumsbakken	properNoun	nor
Lerums vei	properNoun	swe	Lerums vei	properNoun	nor
Lesterudkroken	properNoun	swe	Lesterudkroken	properNoun	nor
Lesterudveien	properNoun	swe	Lesterudveien	properNoun	nor
Lettvintveien	properNoun	swe	Lettvintveien	properNoun	nor
Levre skolevei	properNoun	swe	Levre skolevei	properNoun	nor
Levrestien	properNoun	swe	Levrestien	properNoun	nor
Levretoppen	properNoun	swe	Levretoppen	properNoun	nor
Levreveien	properNoun	swe	Levreveien	properNoun	nor
Leyrins gate	properNoun	swe	Leyrins gate	properNoun	nor
Lia	properNoun	swe	Lia	properNoun	nor
Liabakken	properNoun	swe	Liabakken	properNoun	nor
Liafjell	properNoun	swe	Liafjell	properNoun	nor
Liaflaten	properNoun	swe	Liaflaten	properNoun	nor
Liahammar	properNoun	swe	Liahammar	properNoun	nor
Liakollveien	properNoun	swe	Liakollveien	properNoun	nor
Liakroken	properNoun	swe	Liakroken	properNoun	nor
Liamyrane	properNoun	swe	Liamyrane	properNoun	nor
Lianakk	properNoun	swe	Lianakk	properNoun	nor
Liarinden	properNoun	swe	Liarinden	properNoun	nor
Liaros	properNoun	swe	Liaros	properNoun	nor
Liastølen	properNoun	swe	Liastølen	properNoun	nor
Liavegen	properNoun	swe	Liavegen	properNoun	nor
Liaveien	properNoun	swe	Liaveien	properNoun	nor
Libakkfaret	properNoun	swe	Libakkfaret	properNoun	nor
Libakkveien	properNoun	swe	Libakkveien	properNoun	nor
Lien	properNoun	swe	Lien	properNoun	nor
Lierengveien	properNoun	swe	Lierengveien	properNoun	nor
Lijordveien	properNoun	swe	Lijordveien	properNoun	nor
Lilandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Lilandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Liljeveien	properNoun	swe	Liljeveien	properNoun	nor
Lilleakerveien	properNoun	swe	Lilleakerveien	properNoun	nor
Lillebakken	properNoun	swe	Lillebakken	properNoun	nor
Lillebergsvingen	properNoun	swe	Lillebergsvingen	properNoun	nor
Lillebergveien	properNoun	swe	Lillebergveien	properNoun	nor
Lille Bislett	properNoun	swe	Lille Bislett	properNoun	nor
Lille Borgen vei	properNoun	swe	Lille Borgen vei	properNoun	nor
Lilleborggata	properNoun	swe	Lilleborggata	properNoun	nor
Lilleborgveien	properNoun	swe	Lilleborgveien	properNoun	nor
Lille Damsgårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Lille Damsgårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Lille Eikefet	properNoun	swe	Lille Eikefet	properNoun	nor
Lilleengvegen	properNoun	swe	Lilleengvegen	properNoun	nor
Lille Frogner allé	properNoun	swe	Lille Frogner allé	properNoun	nor
Lille Frøens vei	properNoun	swe	Lille Frøens vei	properNoun	nor
Lille Furuholmen	properNoun	swe	Lille Furuholmen	properNoun	nor
Lille Gokstadvei	properNoun	swe	Lille Gokstadvei	properNoun	nor
Lille Grensen	properNoun	swe	Lille Grensen	properNoun	nor
Lillehagveien	properNoun	swe	Lillehagveien	properNoun	nor
Lillehammervegen	properNoun	swe	Lillehammervegen	properNoun	nor
Lillehatten	properNoun	swe	Lillehatten	properNoun	nor
Lille Huseby vei	properNoun	swe	Lille Huseby vei	properNoun	nor
Lille Kirkebakke	properNoun	swe	Lille Kirkebakke	properNoun	nor
Lillekollvegen	properNoun	swe	Lillekollvegen	properNoun	nor
Lille Kongshaugen	properNoun	swe	Lille Kongshaugen	properNoun	nor
Lille Lunden	properNoun	swe	Lille Lunden	properNoun	nor
Lille Markeveien	properNoun	swe	Lille Markeveien	properNoun	nor
Lillengveien	properNoun	swe	Lillengveien	properNoun	nor
Lille Revåsvei	properNoun	swe	Lille Revåsvei	properNoun	nor
Lille Skjolddalen	properNoun	swe	Lille Skjolddalen	properNoun	nor
Lille Starefossveien	properNoun	swe	Lille Starefossveien	properNoun	nor
Lille Stensrud	properNoun	swe	Lille Stensrud	properNoun	nor
Lille Stranden	properNoun	swe	Lille Stranden	properNoun	nor
Lille Strandgate	properNoun	swe	Lille Strandgate	properNoun	nor
Lille Toppenhaug	properNoun	swe	Lille Toppenhaug	properNoun	nor
Lilletorget	properNoun	swe	Lilletorget	properNoun	nor
Lilletorget	properNoun	swe	Lilletorget	properNoun	nor
Lilletveitveien	properNoun	swe	Lilletveitveien	properNoun	nor
Lilletveitåsen	properNoun	swe	Lilletveitåsen	properNoun	nor
Lillevannsveien	properNoun	swe	Lillevannsveien	properNoun	nor
Lillevarskogen	properNoun	swe	Lillevarskogen	properNoun	nor
Lilleveien	properNoun	swe	Lilleveien	properNoun	nor
Lille Øvregaten	properNoun	swe	Lille Øvregaten	properNoun	nor
Lilloe-Olsens vei	properNoun	swe	Lilloe-Olsens vei	properNoun	nor
Lillogata	properNoun	swe	Lillogata	properNoun	nor
Lilloseterveien	properNoun	swe	Lilloseterveien	properNoun	nor
Lilløyveien	properNoun	swe	Lilløyveien	properNoun	nor
Limsteinveien	properNoun	swe	Limsteinveien	properNoun	nor
Lindbäckveien	properNoun	swe	Lindbäckveien	properNoun	nor
Lindealléen	properNoun	swe	Lindealléen	properNoun	nor
Lindeberglia	properNoun	swe	Lindeberglia	properNoun	nor
Lindebergsmauet	properNoun	swe	Lindebergsmauet	properNoun	nor
Lindebergveien	properNoun	swe	Lindebergveien	properNoun	nor
Lindebergåsen	properNoun	swe	Lindebergåsen	properNoun	nor
Lindemans gate	properNoun	swe	Lindemans gate	properNoun	nor
Lindemveien	properNoun	swe	Lindemveien	properNoun	nor
Linderngata	properNoun	swe	Linderngata	properNoun	nor
Linderudlia	properNoun	swe	Linderudlia	properNoun	nor
Linderudsletta	properNoun	swe	Linderudsletta	properNoun	nor
Linderudveien	properNoun	swe	Linderudveien	properNoun	nor
Lindeveien	properNoun	swe	Lindeveien	properNoun	nor
Lindgaards gate	properNoun	swe	Lindgaards gate	properNoun	nor
Lindhaugsvingen	properNoun	swe	Lindhaugsvingen	properNoun	nor
Lindøya	properNoun	swe	Lindøya	properNoun	nor
Lindåsveien	properNoun	swe	Lindåsveien	properNoun	nor
Linerleveien	properNoun	swe	Linerleveien	properNoun	nor
Linge	properNoun	swe	Linge	properNoun	nor
Lingelemveien	properNoun	swe	Lingelemveien	properNoun	nor
Linhusveien	properNoun	swe	Linhusveien	properNoun	nor
Linjebakken	properNoun	swe	Linjebakken	properNoun	nor
Linjeveien	properNoun	swe	Linjeveien	properNoun	nor
Linneaveien	properNoun	swe	Linneaveien	properNoun	nor
Linnomstien	properNoun	swe	Linnomstien	properNoun	nor
Linstows gate	properNoun	swe	Linstows gate	properNoun	nor
Linaaesgate	properNoun	swe	Linaaesgate	properNoun	nor
Linaaes gate	properNoun	swe	Linaaes gate	properNoun	nor
Linaaes gate	properNoun	swe	Linaaes gate	properNoun	nor
Liomveien	properNoun	swe	Liomveien	properNoun	nor
Lisa Kristoffersens plass	properNoun	swe	Lisa Kristoffersens plass	properNoun	nor
Listuveien	properNoun	swe	Listuveien	properNoun	nor
Litlaskarstien	properNoun	swe	Litlaskarstien	properNoun	nor
Litlehamar	properNoun	swe	Litlehamar	properNoun	nor
Litleholten	properNoun	swe	Litleholten	properNoun	nor
Litle Milde	properNoun	swe	Litle Milde	properNoun	nor
Litle-Urdal	properNoun	swe	Litle-Urdal	properNoun	nor
Litleåsvegen	properNoun	swe	Litleåsvegen	properNoun	nor
Liveien	properNoun	swe	Liveien	properNoun	nor
Liverødveien	properNoun	swe	Liverødveien	properNoun	nor
Ljabrochausséen	properNoun	swe	Ljabrochausséen	properNoun	nor
Ljabrubakken	properNoun	swe	Ljabrubakken	properNoun	nor
Ljabrudiagonalen	properNoun	swe	Ljabrudiagonalen	properNoun	nor
Ljabrukollen terrasse	properNoun	swe	Ljabrukollen terrasse	properNoun	nor
Ljabruveien	properNoun	swe	Ljabruveien	properNoun	nor
Ljansbakken	properNoun	swe	Ljansbakken	properNoun	nor
Ljansbrukveien	properNoun	swe	Ljansbrukveien	properNoun	nor
Ljan terrasse	properNoun	swe	Ljan terrasse	properNoun	nor
Ljoraskreo	properNoun	swe	Ljoraskreo	properNoun	nor
Ljø	properNoun	swe	Ljø	properNoun	nor
Ljønibb	properNoun	swe	Ljønibb	properNoun	nor
Ljøsterødveien	properNoun	swe	Ljøsterødveien	properNoun	nor
Ljøterudveien	properNoun	swe	Ljøterudveien	properNoun	nor
Loddefjordlien	properNoun	swe	Loddefjordlien	properNoun	nor
Loddefjordveien	properNoun	swe	Loddefjordveien	properNoun	nor
Lodin Lepps gate	properNoun	swe	Lodin Lepps gate	properNoun	nor
Lofotgata	properNoun	swe	Lofotgata	properNoun	nor
Lofsrudhøgda	properNoun	swe	Lofsrudhøgda	properNoun	nor
Lofsrudveien	properNoun	swe	Lofsrudveien	properNoun	nor
Lofterødveien	properNoun	swe	Lofterødveien	properNoun	nor
Lofthus terrasse	properNoun	swe	Lofthus terrasse	properNoun	nor
Lofthusveien	properNoun	swe	Lofthusveien	properNoun	nor
Logneveien	properNoun	swe	Logneveien	properNoun	nor
Lohavngata	properNoun	swe	Lohavngata	properNoun	nor
Lokesvei	properNoun	swe	Lokesvei	properNoun	nor
Lokes vei	properNoun	swe	Lokes vei	properNoun	nor
Lokkeberget	properNoun	swe	Lokkeberget	properNoun	nor
Lokketodalen	properNoun	swe	Lokketodalen	properNoun	nor
Lokketomarka	properNoun	swe	Lokketomarka	properNoun	nor
Lokketona	properNoun	swe	Lokketona	properNoun	nor
Lokketovegen	properNoun	swe	Lokketovegen	properNoun	nor
Lommedalsveien	properNoun	swe	Lommedalsveien	properNoun	nor
Lomveien	properNoun	swe	Lomveien	properNoun	nor
Lona	properNoun	swe	Lona	properNoun	nor
Lonaleitet	properNoun	swe	Lonaleitet	properNoun	nor
Londalen	properNoun	swe	Londalen	properNoun	nor
Londalsflaten	properNoun	swe	Londalsflaten	properNoun	nor
Londalslia	properNoun	swe	Londalslia	properNoun	nor
Loneveien	properNoun	swe	Loneveien	properNoun	nor
Lonevåg	properNoun	swe	Lonevåg	properNoun	nor
Lonåsen	properNoun	swe	Lonåsen	properNoun	nor
Lorentz Nitters veg	properNoun	swe	Lorentz Nitters veg	properNoun	nor
Losgaten	properNoun	swe	Losgaten	properNoun	nor
Losveien	properNoun	swe	Losveien	properNoun	nor
Lotheveien	properNoun	swe	Lotheveien	properNoun	nor
Louises gate	properNoun	swe	Louises gate	properNoun	nor
Lovisenberggata	properNoun	swe	Lovisenberggata	properNoun	nor
Lovisenlund	properNoun	swe	Lovisenlund	properNoun	nor
Lovraeid	properNoun	swe	Lovraeid	properNoun	nor
Lubberudstien	properNoun	swe	Lubberudstien	properNoun	nor
Lucie Wolffs gate	properNoun	swe	Lucie Wolffs gate	properNoun	nor
Ludvig Karstens vei	properNoun	swe	Ludvig Karstens vei	properNoun	nor
Ludvig Skattums gate	properNoun	swe	Ludvig Skattums gate	properNoun	nor
Luftfartsveien	properNoun	swe	Luftfartsveien	properNoun	nor
Lunas vei	properNoun	swe	Lunas vei	properNoun	nor
Lunaveien	properNoun	swe	Lunaveien	properNoun	nor
Lundagotnene	properNoun	swe	Lundagotnene	properNoun	nor
Lunden terrasse	properNoun	swe	Lunden terrasse	properNoun	nor
Lundenveien	properNoun	swe	Lundenveien	properNoun	nor
Lundevatn	properNoun	swe	Lundevatn	properNoun	nor
Lundhaugveien	properNoun	swe	Lundhaugveien	properNoun	nor
Lundliveien	properNoun	swe	Lundliveien	properNoun	nor
Lundsgate	properNoun	swe	Lundsgate	properNoun	nor
Lundveien	properNoun	swe	Lundveien	properNoun	nor
Lundåsveien	properNoun	swe	Lundåsveien	properNoun	nor
Lungegårdsbakken	properNoun	swe	Lungegårdsbakken	properNoun	nor
Lungegårdsgaten	properNoun	swe	Lungegårdsgaten	properNoun	nor
Lungegårdskaien	properNoun	swe	Lungegårdskaien	properNoun	nor
Lunhvileveien	properNoun	swe	Lunhvileveien	properNoun	nor
Lunnestien	properNoun	swe	Lunnestien	properNoun	nor
Lunnevegen	properNoun	swe	Lunnevegen	properNoun	nor
Lupinveien	properNoun	swe	Lupinveien	properNoun	nor
Lurdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Lurdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Lusetjernveien	properNoun	swe	Lusetjernveien	properNoun	nor
Lussand	properNoun	swe	Lussand	properNoun	nor
Lutvannskroken	properNoun	swe	Lutvannskroken	properNoun	nor
Lutvannsveien	properNoun	swe	Lutvannsveien	properNoun	nor
Lybekkergata	properNoun	swe	Lybekkergata	properNoun	nor
Lybekkveien	properNoun	swe	Lybekkveien	properNoun	nor
Lyberget	properNoun	swe	Lyberget	properNoun	nor
Lychesvingen	properNoun	swe	Lychesvingen	properNoun	nor
Lyderhorn	properNoun	swe	Lyderhorn	properNoun	nor
Lyderhornslien	properNoun	swe	Lyderhornslien	properNoun	nor
Lyderhornsveien	properNoun	swe	Lyderhornsveien	properNoun	nor
Lyder Sagens gate	properNoun	swe	Lyder Sagens gate	properNoun	nor
Lygra	properNoun	swe	Lygra	properNoun	nor
Lygstergangen	properNoun	swe	Lygstergangen	properNoun	nor
Lyhmanns vei	properNoun	swe	Lyhmanns vei	properNoun	nor
Lyhsenga	properNoun	swe	Lyhsenga	properNoun	nor
Lyngbakken	properNoun	swe	Lyngbakken	properNoun	nor
Lyngberget	properNoun	swe	Lyngberget	properNoun	nor
Lyngbø	properNoun	swe	Lyngbø	properNoun	nor
Lyngbødalen	properNoun	swe	Lyngbødalen	properNoun	nor
Lyngbøkollen	properNoun	swe	Lyngbøkollen	properNoun	nor
Lyngbølien	properNoun	swe	Lyngbølien	properNoun	nor
Lyngbøveien	properNoun	swe	Lyngbøveien	properNoun	nor
Lyngfaret	properNoun	swe	Lyngfaret	properNoun	nor
Lyngfjell	properNoun	swe	Lyngfjell	properNoun	nor
Lynghaugen	properNoun	swe	Lynghaugen	properNoun	nor
Lyngrabben	properNoun	swe	Lyngrabben	properNoun	nor
Lyngstien	properNoun	swe	Lyngstien	properNoun	nor
Lyngtrekket	properNoun	swe	Lyngtrekket	properNoun	nor
Lyngvegen	properNoun	swe	Lyngvegen	properNoun	nor
Lyngveien	properNoun	swe	Lyngveien	properNoun	nor
Lyngåsveien	properNoun	swe	Lyngåsveien	properNoun	nor
Lynnevik	properNoun	swe	Lynnevik	properNoun	nor
Lyrenesveien	properNoun	swe	Lyrenesveien	properNoun	nor
Lyrveien	properNoun	swe	Lyrveien	properNoun	nor
Lysaker atrium	properNoun	swe	Lysaker atrium	properNoun	nor
Lysakerlokket	properNoun	swe	Lysakerlokket	properNoun	nor
Lysebuveien	properNoun	swe	Lysebuveien	properNoun	nor
Lysehagan	properNoun	swe	Lysehagan	properNoun	nor
Lyseskrenten	properNoun	swe	Lyseskrenten	properNoun	nor
Lyseveien	properNoun	swe	Lyseveien	properNoun	nor
Lyshovden	properNoun	swe	Lyshovden	properNoun	nor
Lystadsvingen	properNoun	swe	Lystadsvingen	properNoun	nor
Lystadveien	properNoun	swe	Lystadveien	properNoun	nor
Lytterveien	properNoun	swe	Lytterveien	properNoun	nor
Lyveien	properNoun	swe	Lyveien	properNoun	nor
Lægdene	properNoun	swe	Lægdene	properNoun	nor
Lægdesvingen	properNoun	swe	Lægdesvingen	properNoun	nor
Lærerbakken	properNoun	swe	Lærerbakken	properNoun	nor
Lærer Holes vei	properNoun	swe	Lærer Holes vei	properNoun	nor
Lærer Johnsensvei	properNoun	swe	Lærer Johnsensvei	properNoun	nor
Løbergsalleen	properNoun	swe	Løbergsalleen	properNoun	nor
Løbergssvingen	properNoun	swe	Løbergssvingen	properNoun	nor
Løbergstien	properNoun	swe	Løbergstien	properNoun	nor
Løbergsveien	properNoun	swe	Løbergsveien	properNoun	nor
Løchenveien	properNoun	swe	Løchenveien	properNoun	nor
Løkebergkroken	properNoun	swe	Løkebergkroken	properNoun	nor
Løkebergtunet	properNoun	swe	Løkebergtunet	properNoun	nor
Løkebergveien	properNoun	swe	Løkebergveien	properNoun	nor
Løkenlia	properNoun	swe	Løkenlia	properNoun	nor
Løkentoppen	properNoun	swe	Løkentoppen	properNoun	nor
Løkenvegen	properNoun	swe	Løkenvegen	properNoun	nor
Løkeveien	properNoun	swe	Løkeveien	properNoun	nor
Løkka	properNoun	swe	Løkka	properNoun	nor
Løkkafossen	properNoun	swe	Løkkafossen	properNoun	nor
Løkkalia	properNoun	swe	Løkkalia	properNoun	nor
Løkkaskogen	properNoun	swe	Løkkaskogen	properNoun	nor
Lökkegaden	properNoun	swe	Lökkegaden	properNoun	nor
Løkkegangen	properNoun	swe	Løkkegangen	properNoun	nor
Løkkemyrveien	properNoun	swe	Løkkemyrveien	properNoun	nor
Løkkestien	properNoun	swe	Løkkestien	properNoun	nor
Løkketangen	properNoun	swe	Løkketangen	properNoun	nor
Løkkeveien	properNoun	swe	Løkkeveien	properNoun	nor
Løkkeås	properNoun	swe	Løkkeås	properNoun	nor
Løkkeåsveien	properNoun	swe	Løkkeåsveien	properNoun	nor
Løkta	properNoun	swe	Løkta	properNoun	nor
Lønborglien	properNoun	swe	Lønborglien	properNoun	nor
Lønnegloveveien	properNoun	swe	Lønnegloveveien	properNoun	nor
Lønneveien	properNoun	swe	Lønneveien	properNoun	nor
Lønnhaugen allé	properNoun	swe	Lønnhaugen allé	properNoun	nor
Lønningsflaten	properNoun	swe	Lønningsflaten	properNoun	nor
Lønningshaugen	properNoun	swe	Lønningshaugen	properNoun	nor
Lønningsvegen	properNoun	swe	Lønningsvegen	properNoun	nor
Lønnveien	properNoun	swe	Lønnveien	properNoun	nor
Lønnåsen	properNoun	swe	Lønnåsen	properNoun	nor
Lønnåskollen	properNoun	swe	Lønnåskollen	properNoun	nor
Lønnåsveien	properNoun	swe	Lønnåsveien	properNoun	nor
Lørenfaret	properNoun	swe	Lørenfaret	properNoun	nor
Lørenvangen	properNoun	swe	Lørenvangen	properNoun	nor
Lørenveien	properNoun	swe	Lørenveien	properNoun	nor
Lørteveien	properNoun	swe	Lørteveien	properNoun	nor
Løtveitlien	properNoun	swe	Løtveitlien	properNoun	nor
Løtveitneset	properNoun	swe	Løtveitneset	properNoun	nor
Løtveitveien	properNoun	swe	Løtveitveien	properNoun	nor
Løvenskiolds gate	properNoun	swe	Løvenskiolds gate	properNoun	nor
Løvenskiolds vei	properNoun	swe	Løvenskiolds vei	properNoun	nor
Løvetannvegen	properNoun	swe	Løvetannvegen	properNoun	nor
Løvetannveien	properNoun	swe	Løvetannveien	properNoun	nor
Løvliveien	properNoun	swe	Løvliveien	properNoun	nor
Løvsangervegen	properNoun	swe	Løvsangervegen	properNoun	nor
Løvsangerveien	properNoun	swe	Løvsangerveien	properNoun	nor
Løvsetdalen	properNoun	swe	Løvsetdalen	properNoun	nor
Løvsetfaret	properNoun	swe	Løvsetfaret	properNoun	nor
Løvstakk	properNoun	swe	Løvstakk	properNoun	nor
Løvstakklien	properNoun	swe	Løvstakklien	properNoun	nor
Løvstakkveien	properNoun	swe	Løvstakkveien	properNoun	nor
Løvveien	properNoun	swe	Løvveien	properNoun	nor
Løvåsbakken	properNoun	swe	Løvåsbakken	properNoun	nor
Løvåsveien	properNoun	swe	Løvåsveien	properNoun	nor
Løxaveien	properNoun	swe	Løxaveien	properNoun	nor
Løypestrengen	properNoun	swe	Løypestrengen	properNoun	nor
Løypeveien	properNoun	swe	Løypeveien	properNoun	nor
Løytnant Bjelkes gate	properNoun	swe	Løytnant Bjelkes gate	properNoun	nor
Løytnantstien	properNoun	swe	Løytnantstien	properNoun	nor
Lågaskar	properNoun	swe	Lågaskar	properNoun	nor
Lågendalsveien	properNoun	swe	Lågendalsveien	properNoun	nor
Lågerødtoppen	properNoun	swe	Lågerødtoppen	properNoun	nor
Lågerødveien	properNoun	swe	Lågerødveien	properNoun	nor
Lågerødåsen	properNoun	swe	Lågerødåsen	properNoun	nor
Låhneveien	properNoun	swe	Låhneveien	properNoun	nor
Låveveien	properNoun	swe	Låveveien	properNoun	nor
Madame Maren Juels vei	properNoun	swe	Madame Maren Juels vei	properNoun	nor
Madam Poppes vei	properNoun	swe	Madam Poppes vei	properNoun	nor
Madserud allé	properNoun	swe	Madserud allé	properNoun	nor
Magasinveien	properNoun	swe	Magasinveien	properNoun	nor
Magdalenagangen	properNoun	swe	Magdalenagangen	properNoun	nor
Magna Bugges vei	properNoun	swe	Magna Bugges vei	properNoun	nor
Magnefaret	properNoun	swe	Magnefaret	properNoun	nor
Magnes vei	properNoun	swe	Magnes vei	properNoun	nor
Magnus Barfots gate	properNoun	swe	Magnus Barfots gate	properNoun	nor
Magnus Barfots vei	properNoun	swe	Magnus Barfots vei	properNoun	nor
Magnus Bergs gate	properNoun	swe	Magnus Bergs gate	properNoun	nor
Magnus Blikstads vei	properNoun	swe	Magnus Blikstads vei	properNoun	nor
Magnus Den Godesvei	properNoun	swe	Magnus Den Godesvei	properNoun	nor
Magnus' gate	properNoun	swe	Magnus' gate	properNoun	nor
Magnus Hydles vei	properNoun	swe	Magnus Hydles vei	properNoun	nor
Magnus Lagabøters gate	properNoun	swe	Magnus Lagabøters gate	properNoun	nor
Magnus Lagabøtes Plass	properNoun	swe	Magnus Lagabøtes Plass	properNoun	nor
Magnus Poulsons vei	properNoun	swe	Magnus Poulsons vei	properNoun	nor
Maigullveien	properNoun	swe	Maigullveien	properNoun	nor
Mailundveien	properNoun	swe	Mailundveien	properNoun	nor
Majorstuveien	properNoun	swe	Majorstuveien	properNoun	nor
Makedonien	properNoun	swe	Makedonien	properNoun	nor
Makrellsvingen	properNoun	swe	Makrellsvingen	properNoun	nor
Malergaten	properNoun	swe	Malergaten	properNoun	nor
Malerhaugveien	properNoun	swe	Malerhaugveien	properNoun	nor
Malmbryggen	properNoun	swe	Malmbryggen	properNoun	nor
Malmgruvebakken	properNoun	swe	Malmgruvebakken	properNoun	nor
Malmskriverveien	properNoun	swe	Malmskriverveien	properNoun	nor
Malmvegen	properNoun	swe	Malmvegen	properNoun	nor
Malmveien	properNoun	swe	Malmveien	properNoun	nor
Malmøgata	properNoun	swe	Malmøgata	properNoun	nor
Malmøyveien	properNoun	swe	Malmøyveien	properNoun	nor
Malurtveien	properNoun	swe	Malurtveien	properNoun	nor
Mandalls gate	properNoun	swe	Mandalls gate	properNoun	nor
Mangerjordet	properNoun	swe	Mangerjordet	properNoun	nor
Manglebergveien	properNoun	swe	Manglebergveien	properNoun	nor
Manglerudveien	properNoun	swe	Manglerudveien	properNoun	nor
Mannsfjell	properNoun	swe	Mannsfjell	properNoun	nor
Mannsverk	properNoun	swe	Mannsverk	properNoun	nor
Manumveien	properNoun	swe	Manumveien	properNoun	nor
Manveien	properNoun	swe	Manveien	properNoun	nor
Maratonveien	properNoun	swe	Maratonveien	properNoun	nor
Marcello Haugens vei	properNoun	swe	Marcello Haugens vei	properNoun	nor
Marcus Thranes gate	properNoun	swe	Marcus Thranes gate	properNoun	nor
Marcus Thranes vei	properNoun	swe	Marcus Thranes vei	properNoun	nor
Maren Handlers vei	properNoun	swe	Maren Handlers vei	properNoun	nor
Maren Nilsens vei	properNoun	swe	Maren Nilsens vei	properNoun	nor
Margaretastredet	properNoun	swe	Margaretastredet	properNoun	nor
Margit Hansens gate	properNoun	swe	Margit Hansens gate	properNoun	nor
Margrethe Munthes plass	properNoun	swe	Margrethe Munthes plass	properNoun	nor
Margrethe Parms vei	properNoun	swe	Margrethe Parms vei	properNoun	nor
Margrethes Fryd	properNoun	swe	Margrethes Fryd	properNoun	nor
Maria Dehlis vei	properNoun	swe	Maria Dehlis vei	properNoun	nor
Mariboes gate	properNoun	swe	Mariboes gate	properNoun	nor
Maridalsveien	properNoun	swe	Maridalsveien	properNoun	nor
Marielundsveien	properNoun	swe	Marielundsveien	properNoun	nor
Marie Michelets vei	properNoun	swe	Marie Michelets vei	properNoun	nor
Marienlundveien	properNoun	swe	Marienlundveien	properNoun	nor
Maries gate	properNoun	swe	Maries gate	properNoun	nor
Maries vei	properNoun	swe	Maries vei	properNoun	nor
Marihaugen	properNoun	swe	Marihaugen	properNoun	nor
Mariholtveien	properNoun	swe	Mariholtveien	properNoun	nor
Marihøneveien	properNoun	swe	Marihøneveien	properNoun	nor
Marikollen	properNoun	swe	Marikollen	properNoun	nor
Marineveien	properNoun	swe	Marineveien	properNoun	nor
Mario Caprinos vei	properNoun	swe	Mario Caprinos vei	properNoun	nor
Mariskoveien	properNoun	swe	Mariskoveien	properNoun	nor
Maristig	properNoun	swe	Maristig	properNoun	nor
Maris vei	properNoun	swe	Maris vei	properNoun	nor
Marits vei	properNoun	swe	Marits vei	properNoun	nor
Markalleen	properNoun	swe	Markalleen	properNoun	nor
Markaneset	properNoun	swe	Markaneset	properNoun	nor
Marken	properNoun	swe	Marken	properNoun	nor
Markesmauet	properNoun	swe	Markesmauet	properNoun	nor
Markeveien	properNoun	swe	Markeveien	properNoun	nor
Markhus	properNoun	swe	Markhus	properNoun	nor
Markstien	properNoun	swe	Markstien	properNoun	nor
Markvegen	properNoun	swe	Markvegen	properNoun	nor
Markveien	properNoun	swe	Markveien	properNoun	nor
Marmorneset	properNoun	swe	Marmorneset	properNoun	nor
Marmorvegen	properNoun	swe	Marmorvegen	properNoun	nor
Marmorveien	properNoun	swe	Marmorveien	properNoun	nor
Marselis' gate	properNoun	swe	Marselis' gate	properNoun	nor
Marstranderveien	properNoun	swe	Marstranderveien	properNoun	nor
Marstrandgata	properNoun	swe	Marstrandgata	properNoun	nor
Marstrands gate	properNoun	swe	Marstrands gate	properNoun	nor
Marsvegen	properNoun	swe	Marsvegen	properNoun	nor
Marsveien	properNoun	swe	Marsveien	properNoun	nor
Marta Steinsviks vei	properNoun	swe	Marta Steinsviks vei	properNoun	nor
Martaumen	properNoun	swe	Martaumen	properNoun	nor
Martensgården	properNoun	swe	Martensgården	properNoun	nor
Martes vei	properNoun	swe	Martes vei	properNoun	nor
Martha Cochsvei	properNoun	swe	Martha Cochsvei	properNoun	nor
Martha Tynes' vei	properNoun	swe	Martha Tynes' vei	properNoun	nor
Martin Borrebekkens vei	properNoun	swe	Martin Borrebekkens vei	properNoun	nor
Martin Larsens vei	properNoun	swe	Martin Larsens vei	properNoun	nor
Martin Linges vei	properNoun	swe	Martin Linges vei	properNoun	nor
Martin Skatvedts vei	properNoun	swe	Martin Skatvedts vei	properNoun	nor
Martin Strandlis vei	properNoun	swe	Martin Strandlis vei	properNoun	nor
Martin Tranmæls veg	properNoun	swe	Martin Tranmæls veg	properNoun	nor
Martinus Lørdahls plass	properNoun	swe	Martinus Lørdahls plass	properNoun	nor
Martinus Vanbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Martinus Vanbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Martin Vahls gate	properNoun	swe	Martin Vahls gate	properNoun	nor
Marumveien	properNoun	swe	Marumveien	properNoun	nor
Marøystien	properNoun	swe	Marøystien	properNoun	nor
Maschmanns gate	properNoun	swe	Maschmanns gate	properNoun	nor
Masfjord	properNoun	swe	Masfjord	properNoun	nor
Masovngata	properNoun	swe	Masovngata	properNoun	nor
Mastrafjord	properNoun	swe	Mastrafjord	properNoun	nor
Mastrups gate	properNoun	swe	Mastrups gate	properNoun	nor
Mathias gjeins vei	properNoun	swe	Mathias gjeins vei	properNoun	nor
Mathias Topps veg	properNoun	swe	Mathias Topps veg	properNoun	nor
Mathopsveien	properNoun	swe	Mathopsveien	properNoun	nor
Matreberg	properNoun	swe	Matreberg	properNoun	nor
Matrosveien	properNoun	swe	Matrosveien	properNoun	nor
Mauritz Hansens gate	properNoun	swe	Mauritz Hansens gate	properNoun	nor
Maurstien	properNoun	swe	Maurstien	properNoun	nor
Maursund	properNoun	swe	Maursund	properNoun	nor
Maurtuveien	properNoun	swe	Maurtuveien	properNoun	nor
Maurveien	properNoun	swe	Maurveien	properNoun	nor
Medhaugen	properNoun	swe	Medhaugen	properNoun	nor
Medhaugsflaten	properNoun	swe	Medhaugsflaten	properNoun	nor
Mefjordveien	properNoun	swe	Mefjordveien	properNoun	nor
Meheiaveien	properNoun	swe	Meheiaveien	properNoun	nor
Meierigata	properNoun	swe	Meierigata	properNoun	nor
Meierigaten	properNoun	swe	Meierigaten	properNoun	nor
Meierivegen	properNoun	swe	Meierivegen	properNoun	nor
Meikjærveien	properNoun	swe	Meikjærveien	properNoun	nor
Meiseveien	properNoun	swe	Meiseveien	properNoun	nor
Mekanikerveien	properNoun	swe	Mekanikerveien	properNoun	nor
Meklenborglia	properNoun	swe	Meklenborglia	properNoun	nor
Meklenborgveien	properNoun	swe	Meklenborgveien	properNoun	nor
Meklenborgåsen	properNoun	swe	Meklenborgåsen	properNoun	nor
Melbystien	properNoun	swe	Melbystien	properNoun	nor
Melbyvegen	properNoun	swe	Melbyvegen	properNoun	nor
Melkeveien	properNoun	swe	Melkeveien	properNoun	nor
Melkvikenga	properNoun	swe	Melkvikenga	properNoun	nor
Melkøysund	properNoun	swe	Melkøysund	properNoun	nor
Mellbyedalen	properNoun	swe	Mellbyedalen	properNoun	nor
Mellemgaten	properNoun	swe	Mellemgaten	properNoun	nor
Mellemvegen	properNoun	swe	Mellemvegen	properNoun	nor
Mellemveien	properNoun	swe	Mellemveien	properNoun	nor
Mellom Bøkeligate	properNoun	swe	Mellom Bøkeligate	properNoun	nor
Mellombølgen	properNoun	swe	Mellombølgen	properNoun	nor
Mellomgata	properNoun	swe	Mellomgata	properNoun	nor
Mellomholmen	properNoun	swe	Mellomholmen	properNoun	nor
Mellom holt	properNoun	swe	Mellom holt	properNoun	nor
Mellomlia	properNoun	swe	Mellomlia	properNoun	nor
Mellomskarva	properNoun	swe	Mellomskarva	properNoun	nor
Mellomveien	properNoun	swe	Mellomveien	properNoun	nor
Melsomvikveien	properNoun	swe	Melsomvikveien	properNoun	nor
Meltzers gate	properNoun	swe	Meltzers gate	properNoun	nor
Melumveien	properNoun	swe	Melumveien	properNoun	nor
Menneskerettighetenes Plass	properNoun	swe	Menneskerettighetenes Plass	properNoun	nor
Merkantilvegen	properNoun	swe	Merkantilvegen	properNoun	nor
Merkesvika	properNoun	swe	Merkesvika	properNoun	nor
Merkurs vei	properNoun	swe	Merkurs vei	properNoun	nor
Merkurvegen	properNoun	swe	Merkurvegen	properNoun	nor
Merkurveien	properNoun	swe	Merkurveien	properNoun	nor
Merraberg	properNoun	swe	Merraberg	properNoun	nor
Messepromenaden	properNoun	swe	Messepromenaden	properNoun	nor
Messeveien	properNoun	swe	Messeveien	properNoun	nor
Messingveien	properNoun	swe	Messingveien	properNoun	nor
Mesterfjellveien	properNoun	swe	Mesterfjellveien	properNoun	nor
Mestergata	properNoun	swe	Mestergata	properNoun	nor
Mester Mortens vei	properNoun	swe	Mester Mortens vei	properNoun	nor
Meteorvegen	properNoun	swe	Meteorvegen	properNoun	nor
Meteorveien	properNoun	swe	Meteorveien	properNoun	nor
Meyns gate	properNoun	swe	Meyns gate	properNoun	nor
Michael Krohns gate	properNoun	swe	Michael Krohns gate	properNoun	nor
Michael von Sundts plass	properNoun	swe	Michael von Sundts plass	properNoun	nor
Michelets vei	properNoun	swe	Michelets vei	properNoun	nor
Micheletveien	properNoun	swe	Micheletveien	properNoun	nor
Michel Nielsens vei	properNoun	swe	Michel Nielsens vei	properNoun	nor
Middelthuns gate	properNoun	swe	Middelthuns gate	properNoun	nor
Midgarveien	properNoun	swe	Midgarveien	properNoun	nor
Midtbekk	properNoun	swe	Midtbekk	properNoun	nor
Midthagen	properNoun	swe	Midthagen	properNoun	nor
Midtkleiva	properNoun	swe	Midtkleiva	properNoun	nor
Midtlia	properNoun	swe	Midtlia	properNoun	nor
Midtoddveien	properNoun	swe	Midtoddveien	properNoun	nor
Midtre Prestavegen	properNoun	swe	Midtre Prestavegen	properNoun	nor
Midtre Tuft	properNoun	swe	Midtre Tuft	properNoun	nor
Midtre villavei	properNoun	swe	Midtre villavei	properNoun	nor
Midtstugrenda	properNoun	swe	Midtstugrenda	properNoun	nor
Midttunveien	properNoun	swe	Midttunveien	properNoun	nor
Midtunbrekken	properNoun	swe	Midtunbrekken	properNoun	nor
Midtunhaugen	properNoun	swe	Midtunhaugen	properNoun	nor
Midtunheien	properNoun	swe	Midtunheien	properNoun	nor
Midtunlia	properNoun	swe	Midtunlia	properNoun	nor
Midtunstien	properNoun	swe	Midtunstien	properNoun	nor
Midtunveien	properNoun	swe	Midtunveien	properNoun	nor
Midtveien	properNoun	swe	Midtveien	properNoun	nor
Midtåsen	properNoun	swe	Midtåsen	properNoun	nor
Midtåsveien	properNoun	swe	Midtåsveien	properNoun	nor
Mikael Hertzbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Mikael Hertzbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Mikjelsbakken	properNoun	swe	Mikjelsbakken	properNoun	nor
Mikkel Doblougs gate	properNoun	swe	Mikkel Doblougs gate	properNoun	nor
Mikkel Revs vei	properNoun	swe	Mikkel Revs vei	properNoun	nor
Mikkelsvei	properNoun	swe	Mikkelsvei	properNoun	nor
Mikrobølgen	properNoun	swe	Mikrobølgen	properNoun	nor
Mildegeilen	properNoun	swe	Mildegeilen	properNoun	nor
Mildevegen	properNoun	swe	Mildevegen	properNoun	nor
Mileveien	properNoun	swe	Mileveien	properNoun	nor
Milnveien	properNoun	swe	Milnveien	properNoun	nor
Milåsveien	properNoun	swe	Milåsveien	properNoun	nor
Mimes veg	properNoun	swe	Mimes veg	properNoun	nor
Mina Beiteplukks vei	properNoun	swe	Mina Beiteplukks vei	properNoun	nor
Mindebakken	properNoun	swe	Mindebakken	properNoun	nor
Mindeveien	properNoun	swe	Mindeveien	properNoun	nor
Minister Ditleffs vei	properNoun	swe	Minister Ditleffs vei	properNoun	nor
Minnestraumen	properNoun	swe	Minnestraumen	properNoun	nor
Minnesund bru	properNoun	swe	Minnesund bru	properNoun	nor
Minørveien	properNoun	swe	Minørveien	properNoun	nor
Minåsveien	properNoun	swe	Minåsveien	properNoun	nor
Miras vei	properNoun	swe	Miras vei	properNoun	nor
Mispelveien	properNoun	swe	Mispelveien	properNoun	nor
Mistelteinen	properNoun	swe	Mistelteinen	properNoun	nor
Mitnes	properNoun	swe	Mitnes	properNoun	nor
Mitzellsmauet	properNoun	swe	Mitzellsmauet	properNoun	nor
Mjeldheimskleiva	properNoun	swe	Mjeldheimskleiva	properNoun	nor
Mjeldheimsmyra	properNoun	swe	Mjeldheimsmyra	properNoun	nor
Mjølkevegen	properNoun	swe	Mjølkevegen	properNoun	nor
Mjølløstveien	properNoun	swe	Mjølløstveien	properNoun	nor
Moa	properNoun	swe	Moa	properNoun	nor
Moaveien	properNoun	swe	Moaveien	properNoun	nor
Mobruvegen	properNoun	swe	Mobruvegen	properNoun	nor
Modal	properNoun	swe	Modal	properNoun	nor
Modalveien	properNoun	swe	Modalveien	properNoun	nor
Modes vei	properNoun	swe	Modes vei	properNoun	nor
Moenveien	properNoun	swe	Moenveien	properNoun	nor
Mogens Thorsens gate	properNoun	swe	Mogens Thorsens gate	properNoun	nor
Mohøiveien	properNoun	swe	Mohøiveien	properNoun	nor
Mokleiv	properNoun	swe	Mokleiv	properNoun	nor
Mokleivåsen	properNoun	swe	Mokleivåsen	properNoun	nor
Mokollveien	properNoun	swe	Mokollveien	properNoun	nor
Molandveien	properNoun	swe	Molandveien	properNoun	nor
Moldahaugane	properNoun	swe	Moldahaugane	properNoun	nor
Moldalia	properNoun	swe	Moldalia	properNoun	nor
Moldamyrane	properNoun	swe	Moldamyrane	properNoun	nor
Moldbakken	properNoun	swe	Moldbakken	properNoun	nor
Moldegata	properNoun	swe	Moldegata	properNoun	nor
Moldelivegen	properNoun	swe	Moldelivegen	properNoun	nor
Moliveien	properNoun	swe	Moliveien	properNoun	nor
Molløesmauet	properNoun	swe	Molløesmauet	properNoun	nor
Moloveien	properNoun	swe	Moloveien	properNoun	nor
Moltemyra	properNoun	swe	Moltemyra	properNoun	nor
Moltke Moes vei	properNoun	swe	Moltke Moes vei	properNoun	nor
Molvaldgata	properNoun	swe	Molvaldgata	properNoun	nor
Monolitveien	properNoun	swe	Monolitveien	properNoun	nor
Monrad Mjeldes vei	properNoun	swe	Monrad Mjeldes vei	properNoun	nor
Monrads gate	properNoun	swe	Monrads gate	properNoun	nor
Monsa	properNoun	swe	Monsa	properNoun	nor
Mons Slettens Veg	properNoun	swe	Mons Slettens Veg	properNoun	nor
Monssvelia	properNoun	swe	Monssvelia	properNoun	nor
Monssvevegen	properNoun	swe	Monssvevegen	properNoun	nor
Mons Søviks plass	properNoun	swe	Mons Søviks plass	properNoun	nor
Montebellobakken	properNoun	swe	Montebellobakken	properNoun	nor
Montebello terrasse	properNoun	swe	Montebello terrasse	properNoun	nor
Montebelloveien	properNoun	swe	Montebelloveien	properNoun	nor
Morells vei	properNoun	swe	Morells vei	properNoun	nor
Morellveien	properNoun	swe	Morellveien	properNoun	nor
Morenestien	properNoun	swe	Morenestien	properNoun	nor
Moreneveien	properNoun	swe	Moreneveien	properNoun	nor
Morgedalsvegen	properNoun	swe	Morgedalsvegen	properNoun	nor
Mor Gohjertas vei	properNoun	swe	Mor Gohjertas vei	properNoun	nor
Morildveien	properNoun	swe	Morildveien	properNoun	nor
Morkaås	properNoun	swe	Morkaås	properNoun	nor
Morkelveien	properNoun	swe	Morkelveien	properNoun	nor
Morkelveien	properNoun	swe	Morkelveien	properNoun	nor
Morskog	properNoun	swe	Morskog	properNoun	nor
Mor Taraldsens vei	properNoun	swe	Mor Taraldsens vei	properNoun	nor
Mortensrudveien	properNoun	swe	Mortensrudveien	properNoun	nor
Mortens vei	properNoun	swe	Mortens vei	properNoun	nor
Mortensvingen	properNoun	swe	Mortensvingen	properNoun	nor
Morvikbotn	properNoun	swe	Morvikbotn	properNoun	nor
Morvikbrekkene	properNoun	swe	Morvikbrekkene	properNoun	nor
Morviklien	properNoun	swe	Morviklien	properNoun	nor
Morviksanden	properNoun	swe	Morviksanden	properNoun	nor
Morvikveien	properNoun	swe	Morvikveien	properNoun	nor
Mor Åses vei	properNoun	swe	Mor Åses vei	properNoun	nor
Mor aases vei	properNoun	swe	Mor aases vei	properNoun	nor
Mosebakken	properNoun	swe	Mosebakken	properNoun	nor
Mosekollen	properNoun	swe	Mosekollen	properNoun	nor
Moserabben	properNoun	swe	Moserabben	properNoun	nor
Moses plass	properNoun	swe	Moses plass	properNoun	nor
Moseveien	properNoun	swe	Moseveien	properNoun	nor
Moshovda	properNoun	swe	Moshovda	properNoun	nor
Mossegata	properNoun	swe	Mossegata	properNoun	nor
Mosse Jørgensens plass	properNoun	swe	Mosse Jørgensens plass	properNoun	nor
Mosserødveien	properNoun	swe	Mosserødveien	properNoun	nor
Mosseveien	properNoun	swe	Mosseveien	properNoun	nor
Mostraum	properNoun	swe	Mostraum	properNoun	nor
Mostubben	properNoun	swe	Mostubben	properNoun	nor
Mostuveien	properNoun	swe	Mostuveien	properNoun	nor
Mostølen	properNoun	swe	Mostølen	properNoun	nor
Mostøyl	properNoun	swe	Mostøyl	properNoun	nor
Motbakkene	properNoun	swe	Motbakkene	properNoun	nor
Mo terrasse	properNoun	swe	Mo terrasse	properNoun	nor
Motzfeldts gate	properNoun	swe	Motzfeldts gate	properNoun	nor
Movassbakken	properNoun	swe	Movassbakken	properNoun	nor
Moveien	properNoun	swe	Moveien	properNoun	nor
M. S. Pedersens vei	properNoun	swe	M. S. Pedersens vei	properNoun	nor
Mulebakken	properNoun	swe	Mulebakken	properNoun	nor
Mulesvingen	properNoun	swe	Mulesvingen	properNoun	nor
Mullers vei	properNoun	swe	Mullers vei	properNoun	nor
Munchs gate	properNoun	swe	Munchs gate	properNoun	nor
Mundalsberg	properNoun	swe	Mundalsberg	properNoun	nor
Munins vei	properNoun	swe	Munins vei	properNoun	nor
Munkebakken	properNoun	swe	Munkebakken	properNoun	nor
Munkebekken	properNoun	swe	Munkebekken	properNoun	nor
Munkebekksmauet	properNoun	swe	Munkebekksmauet	properNoun	nor
Munkebotn	properNoun	swe	Munkebotn	properNoun	nor
Munkebots	properNoun	swe	Munkebots	properNoun	nor
Munkebryggen	properNoun	swe	Munkebryggen	properNoun	nor
Munkedamsveien	properNoun	swe	Munkedamsveien	properNoun	nor
Munkegata	properNoun	swe	Munkegata	properNoun	nor
Munkegaten	properNoun	swe	Munkegaten	properNoun	nor
Munkelia	properNoun	swe	Munkelia	properNoun	nor
Munkelivsgaten	properNoun	swe	Munkelivsgaten	properNoun	nor
Munkengveien	properNoun	swe	Munkengveien	properNoun	nor
Munkerekkveien	properNoun	swe	Munkerekkveien	properNoun	nor
Munkerudbakken	properNoun	swe	Munkerudbakken	properNoun	nor
Munkerudkleiva	properNoun	swe	Munkerudkleiva	properNoun	nor
Munkerudstubben	properNoun	swe	Munkerudstubben	properNoun	nor
Munkerudtunet	properNoun	swe	Munkerudtunet	properNoun	nor
Munkerudveien	properNoun	swe	Munkerudveien	properNoun	nor
Munkerudvollen	properNoun	swe	Munkerudvollen	properNoun	nor
Munkerudåsen	properNoun	swe	Munkerudåsen	properNoun	nor
Munthes gate	properNoun	swe	Munthes gate	properNoun	nor
Munthes plass	properNoun	swe	Munthes plass	properNoun	nor
Mureveien	properNoun	swe	Mureveien	properNoun	nor
Muselundgrenda	properNoun	swe	Muselundgrenda	properNoun	nor
Muséplassen	properNoun	swe	Muséplassen	properNoun	nor
Muserudveien	properNoun	swe	Muserudveien	properNoun	nor
Museumsgata	properNoun	swe	Museumsgata	properNoun	nor
Museumsveien	properNoun	swe	Museumsveien	properNoun	nor
Musikkløkka	properNoun	swe	Musikkløkka	properNoun	nor
Muslingveien	properNoun	swe	Muslingveien	properNoun	nor
Musserongveien	properNoun	swe	Musserongveien	properNoun	nor
Mustadkroken	properNoun	swe	Mustadkroken	properNoun	nor
Mustads vei	properNoun	swe	Mustads vei	properNoun	nor
Mydland	properNoun	swe	Mydland	properNoun	nor
Myggveien	properNoun	swe	Myggveien	properNoun	nor
Myklegardgata	properNoun	swe	Myklegardgata	properNoun	nor
Mylskerudveien	properNoun	swe	Mylskerudveien	properNoun	nor
Münsters vei	properNoun	swe	Münsters vei	properNoun	nor
Myntevikvegen	properNoun	swe	Myntevikvegen	properNoun	nor
Myntfunnveien	properNoun	swe	Myntfunnveien	properNoun	nor
Myntgata	properNoun	swe	Myntgata	properNoun	nor
Myrane Terrasse	properNoun	swe	Myrane Terrasse	properNoun	nor
Myraneveien	properNoun	swe	Myraneveien	properNoun	nor
Myrarinden	properNoun	swe	Myrarinden	properNoun	nor
Myraskaret	properNoun	swe	Myraskaret	properNoun	nor
Myraskjenet	properNoun	swe	Myraskjenet	properNoun	nor
Myraveien	properNoun	swe	Myraveien	properNoun	nor
Myrbakkgata	properNoun	swe	Myrbakkgata	properNoun	nor
Myrbakkveien	properNoun	swe	Myrbakkveien	properNoun	nor
Myrdalshovden	properNoun	swe	Myrdalshovden	properNoun	nor
Myrdalskogen	properNoun	swe	Myrdalskogen	properNoun	nor
Myrdalsvegen	properNoun	swe	Myrdalsvegen	properNoun	nor
Myrdalveien	properNoun	swe	Myrdalveien	properNoun	nor
Myrerdraget	properNoun	swe	Myrerdraget	properNoun	nor
Myrerskogveien	properNoun	swe	Myrerskogveien	properNoun	nor
Myrerveien	properNoun	swe	Myrerveien	properNoun	nor
Myreskauen	properNoun	swe	Myreskauen	properNoun	nor
Myreveien	properNoun	swe	Myreveien	properNoun	nor
Myrfaret	properNoun	swe	Myrfaret	properNoun	nor
Myrgaden	properNoun	swe	Myrgaden	properNoun	nor
Myrhamna	properNoun	swe	Myrhamna	properNoun	nor
Myrhaugen	properNoun	swe	Myrhaugen	properNoun	nor
Myrheim	properNoun	swe	Myrheim	properNoun	nor
Myrholtet	properNoun	swe	Myrholtet	properNoun	nor
Myrkdal	properNoun	swe	Myrkdal	properNoun	nor
Myrkollveien	properNoun	swe	Myrkollveien	properNoun	nor
Myrløkka	properNoun	swe	Myrløkka	properNoun	nor
Myrsvingen	properNoun	swe	Myrsvingen	properNoun	nor
Myrteveien	properNoun	swe	Myrteveien	properNoun	nor
Myrullveien	properNoun	swe	Myrullveien	properNoun	nor
Myrvangveien	properNoun	swe	Myrvangveien	properNoun	nor
Myrveien	properNoun	swe	Myrveien	properNoun	nor
Myrvollveien	properNoun	swe	Myrvollveien	properNoun	nor
Mælosvingen	properNoun	swe	Mælosvingen	properNoun	nor
Møhlenprisbakken	properNoun	swe	Møhlenprisbakken	properNoun	nor
Møhlenprisboder	properNoun	swe	Møhlenprisboder	properNoun	nor
Møhlenpriskaien	properNoun	swe	Møhlenpriskaien	properNoun	nor
Møhlenpristrappen	properNoun	swe	Møhlenpristrappen	properNoun	nor
Møllaveien	properNoun	swe	Møllaveien	properNoun	nor
Møllebakken	properNoun	swe	Møllebakken	properNoun	nor
Møllefaret	properNoun	swe	Møllefaret	properNoun	nor
Møllegata	properNoun	swe	Møllegata	properNoun	nor
Møllegaten	properNoun	swe	Møllegaten	properNoun	nor
Møllendalsbakken	properNoun	swe	Møllendalsbakken	properNoun	nor
Møllendalsveien	properNoun	swe	Møllendalsveien	properNoun	nor
Mølleparken	properNoun	swe	Mølleparken	properNoun	nor
Møllerenga	properNoun	swe	Møllerenga	properNoun	nor
Møllergata	properNoun	swe	Møllergata	properNoun	nor
Møllergården	properNoun	swe	Møllergården	properNoun	nor
Møllers gate	properNoun	swe	Møllers gate	properNoun	nor
Møllers vei	properNoun	swe	Møllers vei	properNoun	nor
Møllerveien	properNoun	swe	Møllerveien	properNoun	nor
Møllesvingen	properNoun	swe	Møllesvingen	properNoun	nor
Mølleveien	properNoun	swe	Mølleveien	properNoun	nor
Mønnerødveien	properNoun	swe	Mønnerødveien	properNoun	nor
Møregata	properNoun	swe	Møregata	properNoun	nor
Møregaten	properNoun	swe	Møregaten	properNoun	nor
Mørre	properNoun	swe	Mørre	properNoun	nor
Møylandveien	properNoun	swe	Møylandveien	properNoun	nor
Måbø	properNoun	swe	Måbø	properNoun	nor
Måkeveien	properNoun	swe	Måkeveien	properNoun	nor
Måltrostvegen	properNoun	swe	Måltrostvegen	properNoun	nor
Måltrostveien	properNoun	swe	Måltrostveien	properNoun	nor
Måndal	properNoun	swe	Måndal	properNoun	nor
Månesigden	properNoun	swe	Månesigden	properNoun	nor
Måneveien	properNoun	swe	Måneveien	properNoun	nor
Mårdalen	properNoun	swe	Mårdalen	properNoun	nor
Mårskrenten	properNoun	swe	Mårskrenten	properNoun	nor
Mårveien	properNoun	swe	Mårveien	properNoun	nor
Maarveien	properNoun	swe	Maarveien	properNoun	nor
Måseskjæret	properNoun	swe	Måseskjæret	properNoun	nor
Måseskjærveien	properNoun	swe	Måseskjærveien	properNoun	nor
Måseveien	properNoun	swe	Måseveien	properNoun	nor
Måsør	properNoun	swe	Måsør	properNoun	nor
Nadderudkroken	properNoun	swe	Nadderudkroken	properNoun	nor
Nadderudlia	properNoun	swe	Nadderudlia	properNoun	nor
Nadderudveien	properNoun	swe	Nadderudveien	properNoun	nor
Nadderudåsen	properNoun	swe	Nadderudåsen	properNoun	nor
Nagelgården	properNoun	swe	Nagelgården	properNoun	nor
Nakkagjel	properNoun	swe	Nakkagjel	properNoun	nor
Nakke	properNoun	swe	Nakke	properNoun	nor
Nallbergodden	properNoun	swe	Nallbergodden	properNoun	nor
Namløsskogen	properNoun	swe	Namløsskogen	properNoun	nor
Nandrups vei	properNoun	swe	Nandrups vei	properNoun	nor
Nannas vei	properNoun	swe	Nannas vei	properNoun	nor
Nannestadgata	properNoun	swe	Nannestadgata	properNoun	nor
Nansens gate	properNoun	swe	Nansens gate	properNoun	nor
Nansens vei	properNoun	swe	Nansens vei	properNoun	nor
Nansetgata	properNoun	swe	Nansetgata	properNoun	nor
Napperødbakken	properNoun	swe	Napperødbakken	properNoun	nor
Nappstraum	properNoun	swe	Nappstraum	properNoun	nor
Narheim	properNoun	swe	Narheim	properNoun	nor
Narverødveien	properNoun	swe	Narverødveien	properNoun	nor
Natholmen	properNoun	swe	Natholmen	properNoun	nor
Nattlandsbotn	properNoun	swe	Nattlandsbotn	properNoun	nor
Nattlandsfjellet	properNoun	swe	Nattlandsfjellet	properNoun	nor
Nattlandslien	properNoun	swe	Nattlandslien	properNoun	nor
Nattlandsrinden	properNoun	swe	Nattlandsrinden	properNoun	nor
Nattlandsveien	properNoun	swe	Nattlandsveien	properNoun	nor
Nattlandsåsen	properNoun	swe	Nattlandsåsen	properNoun	nor
Natvallveien	properNoun	swe	Natvallveien	properNoun	nor
Naust	properNoun	swe	Naust	properNoun	nor
Naustvegen	properNoun	swe	Naustvegen	properNoun	nor
Naustveien	properNoun	swe	Naustveien	properNoun	nor
Nebbe	properNoun	swe	Nebbe	properNoun	nor
Nebbejordet	properNoun	swe	Nebbejordet	properNoun	nor
Nebbestølen	properNoun	swe	Nebbestølen	properNoun	nor
Nebbeveien	properNoun	swe	Nebbeveien	properNoun	nor
Nedbergelien	properNoun	swe	Nedbergelien	properNoun	nor
Nedberget	properNoun	swe	Nedberget	properNoun	nor
Nedbergeveien	properNoun	swe	Nedbergeveien	properNoun	nor
Nedre Banesmauet	properNoun	swe	Nedre Banesmauet	properNoun	nor
Nedre Berglia	properNoun	swe	Nedre Berglia	properNoun	nor
Nedre Bjørkåsen	properNoun	swe	Nedre Bjørkåsen	properNoun	nor
Nedre Blekeveien	properNoun	swe	Nedre Blekeveien	properNoun	nor
Nedre Bogenvei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Bogenvei	properNoun	nor
Nedre Bøkeligate	properNoun	swe	Nedre Bøkeligate	properNoun	nor
Nedre Dynnersmauet	properNoun	swe	Nedre Dynnersmauet	properNoun	nor
Nedre Enggate	properNoun	swe	Nedre Enggate	properNoun	nor
Nedre Fjellsmauet	properNoun	swe	Nedre Fjellsmauet	properNoun	nor
Nedre Fjellterrasse	properNoun	swe	Nedre Fjellterrasse	properNoun	nor
Nedre fjellvang	properNoun	swe	Nedre fjellvang	properNoun	nor
Nedre Fritzøegate	properNoun	swe	Nedre Fritzøegate	properNoun	nor
Nedre Gartnergaten	properNoun	swe	Nedre Gartnergaten	properNoun	nor
Nedre gate	properNoun	swe	Nedre gate	properNoun	nor
Nedre Gokstadvei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Gokstadvei	properNoun	nor
Nedre Gullhaug	properNoun	swe	Nedre Gullhaug	properNoun	nor
Nedre Hamburgersmauet	properNoun	swe	Nedre Hamburgersmauet	properNoun	nor
Nedre Hammersborggate	properNoun	swe	Nedre Hammersborggate	properNoun	nor
Nedre Haslevei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Haslevei	properNoun	nor
Nedre Herrejordet	properNoun	swe	Nedre Herrejordet	properNoun	nor
Nedre Holtan vei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Holtan vei	properNoun	nor
Nedre Kalbakkvei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Kalbakkvei	properNoun	nor
Nedre Kirkebirkeland	properNoun	swe	Nedre Kirkebirkeland	properNoun	nor
Nedre Kirkeby vei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Kirkeby vei	properNoun	nor
Nedre Korskirkeallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Nedre Korskirkeallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Nedre Krohnegården	properNoun	swe	Nedre Krohnegården	properNoun	nor
Nedre Langgate	properNoun	swe	Nedre Langgate	properNoun	nor
Nedre Langnes	properNoun	swe	Nedre Langnes	properNoun	nor
Nedrelien	properNoun	swe	Nedrelien	properNoun	nor
Nedre Lykka	properNoun	swe	Nedre Lykka	properNoun	nor
Nedre Lønborg	properNoun	swe	Nedre Lønborg	properNoun	nor
Nedre Movei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Movei	properNoun	nor
Nedre Nattland	properNoun	swe	Nedre Nattland	properNoun	nor
Nedre Nøttveit	properNoun	swe	Nedre Nøttveit	properNoun	nor
Nedre Ole Bulls Plass	properNoun	swe	Nedre Ole Bulls Plass	properNoun	nor
Nedre Prestavegen	properNoun	swe	Nedre Prestavegen	properNoun	nor
Nedre Prinsdals vei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Prinsdals vei	properNoun	nor
Nedre Ringvoll	properNoun	swe	Nedre Ringvoll	properNoun	nor
Nedre Rommen	properNoun	swe	Nedre Rommen	properNoun	nor
Nedre Silkestrå	properNoun	swe	Nedre Silkestrå	properNoun	nor
Nedre Skjoldveien	properNoun	swe	Nedre Skjoldveien	properNoun	nor
Nedre Skogvei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Skogvei	properNoun	nor
Nedre Skøyen vei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Skøyen vei	properNoun	nor
Nedre Slettestølen	properNoun	swe	Nedre Slettestølen	properNoun	nor
Nedre Slottsgate	properNoun	swe	Nedre Slottsgate	properNoun	nor
Nedre Smøråsflaten	properNoun	swe	Nedre Smøråsflaten	properNoun	nor
Nedre Smøråsveien	properNoun	swe	Nedre Smøråsveien	properNoun	nor
Nedre Stabburvei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Stabburvei	properNoun	nor
Nedre Stiaberget	properNoun	swe	Nedre Stiaberget	properNoun	nor
Nedre strandgade	properNoun	swe	Nedre strandgade	properNoun	nor
Nedre Strangehagen	properNoun	swe	Nedre Strangehagen	properNoun	nor
Nedre Stølen	properNoun	swe	Nedre Stølen	properNoun	nor
Nedre Teigland	properNoun	swe	Nedre Teigland	properNoun	nor
Nedre Toppenhaug	properNoun	swe	Nedre Toppenhaug	properNoun	nor
Nedre Torggate	properNoun	swe	Nedre Torggate	properNoun	nor
Nedre Torvgate	properNoun	swe	Nedre Torvgate	properNoun	nor
Nedre tun	properNoun	swe	Nedre tun	properNoun	nor
Nedre Tyholmsvei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Tyholmsvei	properNoun	nor
Nedre Ullern terrasse	properNoun	swe	Nedre Ullern terrasse	properNoun	nor
Nedre Ullevål	properNoun	swe	Nedre Ullevål	properNoun	nor
Nedre Ulsetskogen	properNoun	swe	Nedre Ulsetskogen	properNoun	nor
Nedre Ulsrud	properNoun	swe	Nedre Ulsrud	properNoun	nor
Nedre Vargvei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Vargvei	properNoun	nor
Nedre Vaskegang	properNoun	swe	Nedre Vaskegang	properNoun	nor
Nedre Vollgate	properNoun	swe	Nedre Vollgate	properNoun	nor
Nedre Åsenvei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Åsenvei	properNoun	nor
Nedre Åstveit	properNoun	swe	Nedre Åstveit	properNoun	nor
Nedre Åsvei	properNoun	swe	Nedre Åsvei	properNoun	nor
Nedslagsveien	properNoun	swe	Nedslagsveien	properNoun	nor
Nellikstredet	properNoun	swe	Nellikstredet	properNoun	nor
Nellikveien	properNoun	swe	Nellikveien	properNoun	nor
Nensethveien	properNoun	swe	Nensethveien	properNoun	nor
Neptuns vei	properNoun	swe	Neptuns vei	properNoun	nor
Neptunvegen	properNoun	swe	Neptunvegen	properNoun	nor
Neptunveien	properNoun	swe	Neptunveien	properNoun	nor
Nerby terrasse	properNoun	swe	Nerby terrasse	properNoun	nor
Nerbyvegen	properNoun	swe	Nerbyvegen	properNoun	nor
Nerengbakken	properNoun	swe	Nerengbakken	properNoun	nor
Nerenglia	properNoun	swe	Nerenglia	properNoun	nor
Nergata	properNoun	swe	Nergata	properNoun	nor
Nerhavna	properNoun	swe	Nerhavna	properNoun	nor
Nerlandsdalen	properNoun	swe	Nerlandsdalen	properNoun	nor
Nerveien	properNoun	swe	Nerveien	properNoun	nor
Neråsvegen	properNoun	swe	Neråsvegen	properNoun	nor
Nesalléen	properNoun	swe	Nesalléen	properNoun	nor
Nesbakken	properNoun	swe	Nesbakken	properNoun	nor
Nese	properNoun	swe	Nese	properNoun	nor
Nesengen	properNoun	swe	Nesengen	properNoun	nor
Nesgata	properNoun	swe	Nesgata	properNoun	nor
Neshaugen	properNoun	swe	Neshaugen	properNoun	nor
Nesjarveien	properNoun	swe	Nesjarveien	properNoun	nor
Nesjavegen	properNoun	swe	Nesjavegen	properNoun	nor
Neskilen	properNoun	swe	Neskilen	properNoun	nor
Neskroken	properNoun	swe	Neskroken	properNoun	nor
Neslia	properNoun	swe	Neslia	properNoun	nor
Nesmyren	properNoun	swe	Nesmyren	properNoun	nor
Nessabergan	properNoun	swe	Nessabergan	properNoun	nor
Nesskogen	properNoun	swe	Nesskogen	properNoun	nor
Nestoppen	properNoun	swe	Nestoppen	properNoun	nor
Nesttunbrekken	properNoun	swe	Nesttunbrekken	properNoun	nor
Nesttunhalsen	properNoun	swe	Nesttunhalsen	properNoun	nor
Nesttunkollen	properNoun	swe	Nesttunkollen	properNoun	nor
Nesttuntræet	properNoun	swe	Nesttuntræet	properNoun	nor
Nesttunveien	properNoun	swe	Nesttunveien	properNoun	nor
Nesveien	properNoun	swe	Nesveien	properNoun	nor
Nettoppvegen	properNoun	swe	Nettoppvegen	properNoun	nor
Neuberggata	properNoun	swe	Neuberggata	properNoun	nor
Neumanns gate	properNoun	swe	Neumanns gate	properNoun	nor
Neverveien	properNoun	swe	Neverveien	properNoun	nor
Nibå	properNoun	swe	Nibå	properNoun	nor
Nico Hambros vei	properNoun	swe	Nico Hambros vei	properNoun	nor
Nicolaysens vei	properNoun	swe	Nicolaysens vei	properNoun	nor
Nic Waals vei	properNoun	swe	Nic Waals vei	properNoun	nor
Niels A. Nielsens veg	properNoun	swe	Niels A. Nielsens veg	properNoun	nor
Nielsenbakken	properNoun	swe	Nielsenbakken	properNoun	nor
Niels Henrik Abels vei	properNoun	swe	Niels Henrik Abels vei	properNoun	nor
Niels Juels gate	properNoun	swe	Niels Juels gate	properNoun	nor
Niels Leuchs vei	properNoun	swe	Niels Leuchs vei	properNoun	nor
Niels Ødegaards gate	properNoun	swe	Niels Ødegaards gate	properNoun	nor
Nikolaikirkeallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Nikolaikirkeallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Nikolaismauet	properNoun	swe	Nikolaismauet	properNoun	nor
Nils Bays vei	properNoun	swe	Nils Bays vei	properNoun	nor
Nils Bergs vei	properNoun	swe	Nils Bergs vei	properNoun	nor
Nils Collett Vogts vei	properNoun	swe	Nils Collett Vogts vei	properNoun	nor
Nilseholmen	properNoun	swe	Nilseholmen	properNoun	nor
Nilserudkleiva	properNoun	swe	Nilserudkleiva	properNoun	nor
Nils Hansens vei	properNoun	swe	Nils Hansens vei	properNoun	nor
Nils Hertzbergs gate	properNoun	swe	Nils Hertzbergs gate	properNoun	nor
Nils Hjelmtveits vei	properNoun	swe	Nils Hjelmtveits vei	properNoun	nor
Nils Huus' gate	properNoun	swe	Nils Huus' gate	properNoun	nor
Nils Klims gate	properNoun	swe	Nils Klims gate	properNoun	nor
Nils Langhelles vei	properNoun	swe	Nils Langhelles vei	properNoun	nor
Nils Lassons vei	properNoun	swe	Nils Lassons vei	properNoun	nor
Nils Lauritssøns vei	properNoun	swe	Nils Lauritssøns vei	properNoun	nor
Nils Tollers gate	properNoun	swe	Nils Tollers gate	properNoun	nor
Nils Tollers vei	properNoun	swe	Nils Tollers vei	properNoun	nor
Nina Griegs gate	properNoun	swe	Nina Griegs gate	properNoun	nor
Nini Roll Ankers plass	properNoun	swe	Nini Roll Ankers plass	properNoun	nor
Nipe	properNoun	swe	Nipe	properNoun	nor
Nipedalen	properNoun	swe	Nipedalen	properNoun	nor
Nipedalsstien	properNoun	swe	Nipedalsstien	properNoun	nor
Nissens gate	properNoun	swe	Nissens gate	properNoun	nor
Nitridveien	properNoun	swe	Nitridveien	properNoun	nor
Nittedalgata	properNoun	swe	Nittedalgata	properNoun	nor
Njords vei	properNoun	swe	Njords vei	properNoun	nor
Njåls veg	properNoun	swe	Njåls veg	properNoun	nor
Njåls vei	properNoun	swe	Njåls vei	properNoun	nor
Njålveien	properNoun	swe	Njålveien	properNoun	nor
Njårdsvei	properNoun	swe	Njårdsvei	properNoun	nor
Nobels gate	properNoun	swe	Nobels gate	properNoun	nor
Nogvafjordtunnelen	properNoun	swe	Nogvafjordtunnelen	properNoun	nor
Noltens vei	properNoun	swe	Noltens vei	properNoun	nor
Nonnegata	properNoun	swe	Nonnegata	properNoun	nor
Nonnesetergaten	properNoun	swe	Nonnesetergaten	properNoun	nor
Nonnestien	properNoun	swe	Nonnestien	properNoun	nor
Norbygata	properNoun	swe	Norbygata	properNoun	nor
Nordahl Bruns gate	properNoun	swe	Nordahl Bruns gate	properNoun	nor
Nordahl Griegs veg	properNoun	swe	Nordahl Griegs veg	properNoun	nor
Nordahl Griegs vei	properNoun	swe	Nordahl Griegs vei	properNoun	nor
Nordahl Rolfsens plass	properNoun	swe	Nordahl Rolfsens plass	properNoun	nor
Nordahl Rolfsens vei	properNoun	swe	Nordahl Rolfsens vei	properNoun	nor
Nordalveien	properNoun	swe	Nordalveien	properNoun	nor
Nordbergbakken	properNoun	swe	Nordbergbakken	properNoun	nor
Nordbergveien	properNoun	swe	Nordbergveien	properNoun	nor
Nordbyen	properNoun	swe	Nordbyen	properNoun	nor
Nordbyvegen	properNoun	swe	Nordbyvegen	properNoun	nor
Nordbø	properNoun	swe	Nordbø	properNoun	nor
Nordbøveien	properNoun	swe	Nordbøveien	properNoun	nor
Norddalsveien	properNoun	swe	Norddalsveien	properNoun	nor
Nordeidbrekka	properNoun	swe	Nordeidbrekka	properNoun	nor
Nordeidedalen	properNoun	swe	Nordeidedalen	properNoun	nor
Nordeidevegen	properNoun	swe	Nordeidevegen	properNoun	nor
Nordeidkollen	properNoun	swe	Nordeidkollen	properNoun	nor
Nordeidstraumen	properNoun	swe	Nordeidstraumen	properNoun	nor
Nordeidstølen	properNoun	swe	Nordeidstølen	properNoun	nor
Nordeidåsen	properNoun	swe	Nordeidåsen	properNoun	nor
Nordengstubben	properNoun	swe	Nordengstubben	properNoun	nor
Nordengveien	properNoun	swe	Nordengveien	properNoun	nor
Norderhovgata	properNoun	swe	Norderhovgata	properNoun	nor
Norderhovsgata	properNoun	swe	Norderhovsgata	properNoun	nor
Nordgardsleitet	properNoun	swe	Nordgardsleitet	properNoun	nor
Nordgardsveien	properNoun	swe	Nordgardsveien	properNoun	nor
Nordgrenda	properNoun	swe	Nordgrenda	properNoun	nor
Nordhagaveien	properNoun	swe	Nordhagaveien	properNoun	nor
Nordhagen	properNoun	swe	Nordhagen	properNoun	nor
Nordheimbakken	properNoun	swe	Nordheimbakken	properNoun	nor
Nordhellinga	properNoun	swe	Nordhellinga	properNoun	nor
Nordholmen	properNoun	swe	Nordholmen	properNoun	nor
Nordhordlandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Nordhordlandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Nordjordet	properNoun	swe	Nordjordet	properNoun	nor
Nordkappgata	properNoun	swe	Nordkappgata	properNoun	nor
Nordlandsgata	properNoun	swe	Nordlandsgata	properNoun	nor
Nordli	properNoun	swe	Nordli	properNoun	nor
Nordlia	properNoun	swe	Nordlia	properNoun	nor
Nordlisletta	properNoun	swe	Nordlisletta	properNoun	nor
Nordlisvingen	properNoun	swe	Nordlisvingen	properNoun	nor
Nordlitoppen	properNoun	swe	Nordlitoppen	properNoun	nor
Nordliveien	properNoun	swe	Nordliveien	properNoun	nor
Nordlyset	properNoun	swe	Nordlyset	properNoun	nor
Nordlysveien	properNoun	swe	Nordlysveien	properNoun	nor
Nordmarkveien	properNoun	swe	Nordmarkveien	properNoun	nor
Nordmørgata	properNoun	swe	Nordmørgata	properNoun	nor
Nordmørsveien	properNoun	swe	Nordmørsveien	properNoun	nor
Nordnesbakken	properNoun	swe	Nordnesbakken	properNoun	nor
Nordnesbodene	properNoun	swe	Nordnesbodene	properNoun	nor
Nordnesgaten	properNoun	swe	Nordnesgaten	properNoun	nor
Nordnesparken	properNoun	swe	Nordnesparken	properNoun	nor
Nordnesveien	properNoun	swe	Nordnesveien	properNoun	nor
Nordnæsdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Nordnæsdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Nordre allé	properNoun	swe	Nordre allé	properNoun	nor
Nordre Brurås	properNoun	swe	Nordre Brurås	properNoun	nor
Nordre Bruserød vei	properNoun	swe	Nordre Bruserød vei	properNoun	nor
Nordre Dals vei	properNoun	swe	Nordre Dals vei	properNoun	nor
Nordre Drotningsvik	properNoun	swe	Nordre Drotningsvik	properNoun	nor
Nordre Fokserød	properNoun	swe	Nordre Fokserød	properNoun	nor
Nordre Furudalen	properNoun	swe	Nordre Furudalen	properNoun	nor
Nordre gade	properNoun	swe	Nordre gade	properNoun	nor
Nordre gate	properNoun	swe	Nordre gate	properNoun	nor
Nordre Gjekstadskog	properNoun	swe	Nordre Gjekstadskog	properNoun	nor
Nordre Gommershaugen	properNoun	swe	Nordre Gommershaugen	properNoun	nor
Nordre Grasmyrvei	properNoun	swe	Nordre Grasmyrvei	properNoun	nor
Nordre Grønnevollen	properNoun	swe	Nordre Grønnevollen	properNoun	nor
Nordrehaug	properNoun	swe	Nordrehaug	properNoun	nor
Nordre holt	properNoun	swe	Nordre holt	properNoun	nor
Nordre Kleivesmauet	properNoun	swe	Nordre Kleivesmauet	properNoun	nor
Nordre Krabbedalen	properNoun	swe	Nordre Krabbedalen	properNoun	nor
Nordre Kullerød	properNoun	swe	Nordre Kullerød	properNoun	nor
Nordre Langarinden	properNoun	swe	Nordre Langarinden	properNoun	nor
Nordre Muregården	properNoun	swe	Nordre Muregården	properNoun	nor
Nordre Nattlandsfjellet	properNoun	swe	Nordre Nattlandsfjellet	properNoun	nor
Nordre Nesjavegen	properNoun	swe	Nordre Nesjavegen	properNoun	nor
Nordre Nøstekaien	properNoun	swe	Nordre Nøstekaien	properNoun	nor
Nordre Oterveien	properNoun	swe	Nordre Oterveien	properNoun	nor
Nordrepoll	properNoun	swe	Nordrepoll	properNoun	nor
Nordre Rakkås vei	properNoun	swe	Nordre Rakkås vei	properNoun	nor
Nordre Ravnedalen	properNoun	swe	Nordre Ravnedalen	properNoun	nor
Nordre Ruavei	properNoun	swe	Nordre Ruavei	properNoun	nor
Nordre Ruklegade	properNoun	swe	Nordre Ruklegade	properNoun	nor
Nordre Skansemyren	properNoun	swe	Nordre Skansemyren	properNoun	nor
Nordre Skarsvåg	properNoun	swe	Nordre Skarsvåg	properNoun	nor
Nordre Skogveien	properNoun	swe	Nordre Skogveien	properNoun	nor
Nordre Skuteviksveien	properNoun	swe	Nordre Skuteviksveien	properNoun	nor
Nordre Steinestø	properNoun	swe	Nordre Steinestø	properNoun	nor
Nordre Steinkjellersmauet	properNoun	swe	Nordre Steinkjellersmauet	properNoun	nor
Nordre strete	properNoun	swe	Nordre strete	properNoun	nor
Nordre Sønset	properNoun	swe	Nordre Sønset	properNoun	nor
Nordre Toppe	properNoun	swe	Nordre Toppe	properNoun	nor
Nordre Tuft	properNoun	swe	Nordre Tuft	properNoun	nor
Nordre Vallaveien	properNoun	swe	Nordre Vallaveien	properNoun	nor
Nordre Vardhaugen	properNoun	swe	Nordre Vardhaugen	properNoun	nor
Nordre vei	properNoun	swe	Nordre vei	properNoun	nor
Nordre villavei	properNoun	swe	Nordre villavei	properNoun	nor
Nordrevoll	properNoun	swe	Nordrevoll	properNoun	nor
Nordraaks gate	properNoun	swe	Nordraaks gate	properNoun	nor
Nordraaks plass	properNoun	swe	Nordraaks plass	properNoun	nor
Nordraaks vei	properNoun	swe	Nordraaks vei	properNoun	nor
Nordsetergrenda	properNoun	swe	Nordsetergrenda	properNoun	nor
Nordseterstien	properNoun	swe	Nordseterstien	properNoun	nor
Nordseter terrasse	properNoun	swe	Nordseter terrasse	properNoun	nor
Nordseterveien	properNoun	swe	Nordseterveien	properNoun	nor
Nordsiden	properNoun	swe	Nordsiden	properNoun	nor
Nordskarva	properNoun	swe	Nordskarva	properNoun	nor
Nordstjerneveien	properNoun	swe	Nordstjerneveien	properNoun	nor
Nordstrand terrasse	properNoun	swe	Nordstrand terrasse	properNoun	nor
Nordstrandvegen	properNoun	swe	Nordstrandvegen	properNoun	nor
Nordstrandveien	properNoun	swe	Nordstrandveien	properNoun	nor
Nordsundveien	properNoun	swe	Nordsundveien	properNoun	nor
Nordterrassen	properNoun	swe	Nordterrassen	properNoun	nor
Nordtvetbakken	properNoun	swe	Nordtvetbakken	properNoun	nor
Nordtvetveien	properNoun	swe	Nordtvetveien	properNoun	nor
Nordveien	properNoun	swe	Nordveien	properNoun	nor
Nordvesten Terrasse	properNoun	swe	Nordvesten Terrasse	properNoun	nor
Nordvikvegen	properNoun	swe	Nordvikvegen	properNoun	nor
Nordåsbrotet	properNoun	swe	Nordåsbrotet	properNoun	nor
Nordåsdalen	properNoun	swe	Nordåsdalen	properNoun	nor
Nordåsgrenda	properNoun	swe	Nordåsgrenda	properNoun	nor
Nordåshøgda	properNoun	swe	Nordåshøgda	properNoun	nor
Nordåsneset	properNoun	swe	Nordåsneset	properNoun	nor
Nordåssløyfa	properNoun	swe	Nordåssløyfa	properNoun	nor
Nordåsstien	properNoun	swe	Nordåsstien	properNoun	nor
Nordåstræet	properNoun	swe	Nordåstræet	properNoun	nor
Nordåsvegen	properNoun	swe	Nordåsvegen	properNoun	nor
Nordåsveien	properNoun	swe	Nordåsveien	properNoun	nor
Noreveien	properNoun	swe	Noreveien	properNoun	nor
Norheimsveien	properNoun	swe	Norheimsveien	properNoun	nor
Normandieplassen	properNoun	swe	Normandieplassen	properNoun	nor
Normannsgata	properNoun	swe	Normannsgata	properNoun	nor
Normaveien	properNoun	swe	Normaveien	properNoun	nor
Nornevegen	properNoun	swe	Nornevegen	properNoun	nor
Norneveien	properNoun	swe	Norneveien	properNoun	nor
Norvika	properNoun	swe	Norvika	properNoun	nor
Notveien	properNoun	swe	Notveien	properNoun	nor
Notvik	properNoun	swe	Notvik	properNoun	nor
Novas vei	properNoun	swe	Novas vei	properNoun	nor
Nubbebakken	properNoun	swe	Nubbebakken	properNoun	nor
Nuggerudveien	properNoun	swe	Nuggerudveien	properNoun	nor
Numedalsgata	properNoun	swe	Numedalsgata	properNoun	nor
Numedalsveien	properNoun	swe	Numedalsveien	properNoun	nor
Nummedals vei	properNoun	swe	Nummedals vei	properNoun	nor
Nustadkroken	properNoun	swe	Nustadkroken	properNoun	nor
Nustadringen	properNoun	swe	Nustadringen	properNoun	nor
Nustad skolevei	properNoun	swe	Nustad skolevei	properNoun	nor
Nustadsløyfa	properNoun	swe	Nustadsløyfa	properNoun	nor
Nustadstubben	properNoun	swe	Nustadstubben	properNoun	nor
Nustadveien	properNoun	swe	Nustadveien	properNoun	nor
Nyborgvegen	properNoun	swe	Nyborgvegen	properNoun	nor
Nybrottsveien	properNoun	swe	Nybrottsveien	properNoun	nor
Nybrottveien	properNoun	swe	Nybrottveien	properNoun	nor
Nybyggerveien	properNoun	swe	Nybyggerveien	properNoun	nor
Nybøveien	properNoun	swe	Nybøveien	properNoun	nor
Nycoveien	properNoun	swe	Nycoveien	properNoun	nor
Nydalen	properNoun	swe	Nydalen	properNoun	nor
Nydalen allé	properNoun	swe	Nydalen allé	properNoun	nor
Nydalen Bruks vei	properNoun	swe	Nydalen Bruks vei	properNoun	nor
Nydalsveien	properNoun	swe	Nydalsveien	properNoun	nor
Nye Heggelivei	properNoun	swe	Nye Heggelivei	properNoun	nor
Nye Sandviksveien	properNoun	swe	Nye Sandviksveien	properNoun	nor
Nye Varoddbrua	properNoun	swe	Nye Varoddbrua	properNoun	nor
Nygaden	properNoun	swe	Nygaden	properNoun	nor
Nygata	properNoun	swe	Nygata	properNoun	nor
Nygaten	properNoun	swe	Nygaten	properNoun	nor
Nygjerdet	properNoun	swe	Nygjerdet	properNoun	nor
Nygårds allé	properNoun	swe	Nygårds allé	properNoun	nor
Nygaards alle	properNoun	swe	Nygaards alle	properNoun	nor
Nygårdsgaten	properNoun	swe	Nygårdsgaten	properNoun	nor
Nygårdshøyden	properNoun	swe	Nygårdshøyden	properNoun	nor
Nygårdslien	properNoun	swe	Nygårdslien	properNoun	nor
Nygårdsløkka	properNoun	swe	Nygårdsløkka	properNoun	nor
Nygårdsmyren	properNoun	swe	Nygårdsmyren	properNoun	nor
Nygårdsplatået	properNoun	swe	Nygårdsplatået	properNoun	nor
Nygårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Nygårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Nygårdsviken	properNoun	swe	Nygårdsviken	properNoun	nor
Nygårdsvikveien	properNoun	swe	Nygårdsvikveien	properNoun	nor
Nygård terrasse	properNoun	swe	Nygård terrasse	properNoun	nor
Nyhauglien	properNoun	swe	Nyhauglien	properNoun	nor
Nyhaugstien	properNoun	swe	Nyhaugstien	properNoun	nor
Nyhaugveien	properNoun	swe	Nyhaugveien	properNoun	nor
Nyhaugåsen	properNoun	swe	Nyhaugåsen	properNoun	nor
Nyhavnsbakken	properNoun	swe	Nyhavnsbakken	properNoun	nor
Nyhavnssvingen	properNoun	swe	Nyhavnssvingen	properNoun	nor
Nyhavnsveien	properNoun	swe	Nyhavnsveien	properNoun	nor
Nyheimvegen	properNoun	swe	Nyheimvegen	properNoun	nor
Nyhusveien	properNoun	swe	Nyhusveien	properNoun	nor
Nyjordeveien	properNoun	swe	Nyjordeveien	properNoun	nor
Nyjordstubben	properNoun	swe	Nyjordstubben	properNoun	nor
Nykirkeallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Nykirkeallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Nykirkekaien	properNoun	swe	Nykirkekaien	properNoun	nor
Nykirkesmauet	properNoun	swe	Nykirkesmauet	properNoun	nor
Nylandsveien	properNoun	swe	Nylandsveien	properNoun	nor
Nylendet	properNoun	swe	Nylendet	properNoun	nor
Nyleneveien	properNoun	swe	Nyleneveien	properNoun	nor
Nylundsveien	properNoun	swe	Nylundsveien	properNoun	nor
Nylænde	properNoun	swe	Nylænde	properNoun	nor
Nymoens skrågate	properNoun	swe	Nymoens skrågate	properNoun	nor
Nymoens torg	properNoun	swe	Nymoens torg	properNoun	nor
Ny-Paradis	properNoun	swe	Ny-Paradis	properNoun	nor
Nypeveien	properNoun	swe	Nypeveien	properNoun	nor
Nyquistveien	properNoun	swe	Nyquistveien	properNoun	nor
Nyrønningen	properNoun	swe	Nyrønningen	properNoun	nor
Nysteinveien	properNoun	swe	Nysteinveien	properNoun	nor
Nystuveien	properNoun	swe	Nystuveien	properNoun	nor
Nytorget	properNoun	swe	Nytorget	properNoun	nor
Nytorvet	properNoun	swe	Nytorvet	properNoun	nor
Nyveien	properNoun	swe	Nyveien	properNoun	nor
Nyvenget	properNoun	swe	Nyvenget	properNoun	nor
Nærheimskleiv	properNoun	swe	Nærheimskleiv	properNoun	nor
Næringsveien	properNoun	swe	Næringsveien	properNoun	nor
Nøddal	properNoun	swe	Nøddal	properNoun	nor
Nøkkefaret	properNoun	swe	Nøkkefaret	properNoun	nor
Nøklegårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Nøklegårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Nøklesvingen	properNoun	swe	Nøklesvingen	properNoun	nor
Nøklevannsveien	properNoun	swe	Nøklevannsveien	properNoun	nor
Nøkleveien	properNoun	swe	Nøkleveien	properNoun	nor
Nøstebodene	properNoun	swe	Nøstebodene	properNoun	nor
Nøstegaten	properNoun	swe	Nøstegaten	properNoun	nor
Nøstetorget	properNoun	swe	Nøstetorget	properNoun	nor
Nøstvett	properNoun	swe	Nøstvett	properNoun	nor
Nøttekneika	properNoun	swe	Nøttekneika	properNoun	nor
Nøtterøveien	properNoun	swe	Nøtterøveien	properNoun	nor
Nøtteveien	properNoun	swe	Nøtteveien	properNoun	nor
Nøttveitlien	properNoun	swe	Nøttveitlien	properNoun	nor
Nøttveitveien	properNoun	swe	Nøttveitveien	properNoun	nor
Nøysomheten	properNoun	swe	Nøysomheten	properNoun	nor
Nåkkves vei	properNoun	swe	Nåkkves vei	properNoun	nor
Nålmakerganga	properNoun	swe	Nålmakerganga	properNoun	nor
Nåmannsholmen	properNoun	swe	Nåmannsholmen	properNoun	nor
Oberst Angells vei	properNoun	swe	Oberst Angells vei	properNoun	nor
Oberst Rodes vei	properNoun	swe	Oberst Rodes vei	properNoun	nor
Observatoriegata	properNoun	swe	Observatoriegata	properNoun	nor
Observatoriegaten	properNoun	swe	Observatoriegaten	properNoun	nor
Observatorie terrasse	properNoun	swe	Observatorie terrasse	properNoun	nor
Odalsgata	properNoun	swe	Odalsgata	properNoun	nor
Oddefjell	properNoun	swe	Oddefjell	properNoun	nor
Oddenveien	properNoun	swe	Oddenveien	properNoun	nor
Odd Frantzens plass	properNoun	swe	Odd Frantzens plass	properNoun	nor
Odd Hassels vei	properNoun	swe	Odd Hassels vei	properNoun	nor
Odds vei	properNoun	swe	Odds vei	properNoun	nor
Odins gate	properNoun	swe	Odins gate	properNoun	nor
Odins veg	properNoun	swe	Odins veg	properNoun	nor
Odinsvei	properNoun	swe	Odinsvei	properNoun	nor
Odins vei	properNoun	swe	Odins vei	properNoun	nor
Odvar Solbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Odvar Solbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Ogmunds vei	properNoun	swe	Ogmunds vei	properNoun	nor
O. H. Bangs vei	properNoun	swe	O. H. Bangs vei	properNoun	nor
O. J. Brochs gate	properNoun	swe	O. J. Brochs gate	properNoun	nor
Oksehovedveien	properNoun	swe	Oksehovedveien	properNoun	nor
Oksenøystien	properNoun	swe	Oksenøystien	properNoun	nor
Oksenøyveien	properNoun	swe	Oksenøyveien	properNoun	nor
Oksla	properNoun	swe	Oksla	properNoun	nor
Olaf Bryns vei	properNoun	swe	Olaf Bryns vei	properNoun	nor
Olaf Bulls vei	properNoun	swe	Olaf Bulls vei	properNoun	nor
Olaf Helsets vei	properNoun	swe	Olaf Helsets vei	properNoun	nor
Olafiagangen	properNoun	swe	Olafiagangen	properNoun	nor
Olaf Kynsveens veg	properNoun	swe	Olaf Kynsveens veg	properNoun	nor
Olaf Lørenskogens vei	properNoun	swe	Olaf Lørenskogens vei	properNoun	nor
Olaf Ryes plass	properNoun	swe	Olaf Ryes plass	properNoun	nor
Olaf Ryes vei	properNoun	swe	Olaf Ryes vei	properNoun	nor
Olaf Schous vei	properNoun	swe	Olaf Schous vei	properNoun	nor
Ola Narr	properNoun	swe	Ola Narr	properNoun	nor
Olasrudveien	properNoun	swe	Olasrudveien	properNoun	nor
Olaus Fjørtofts vei	properNoun	swe	Olaus Fjørtofts vei	properNoun	nor
Ola Valdris vei	properNoun	swe	Ola Valdris vei	properNoun	nor
Olavas vei	properNoun	swe	Olavas vei	properNoun	nor
Olav Aukrusts vei	properNoun	swe	Olav Aukrusts vei	properNoun	nor
Olav Bjordals Veg	properNoun	swe	Olav Bjordals Veg	properNoun	nor
Olav Bjaalands vei	properNoun	swe	Olav Bjaalands vei	properNoun	nor
Olav Digres vei	properNoun	swe	Olav Digres vei	properNoun	nor
Olaves Hvervens vei	properNoun	swe	Olaves Hvervens vei	properNoun	nor
Olav Hegnas vei	properNoun	swe	Olav Hegnas vei	properNoun	nor
Olav Ingstads vei	properNoun	swe	Olav Ingstads vei	properNoun	nor
Olav Kyrres gate	properNoun	swe	Olav Kyrres gate	properNoun	nor
Olav Kyrres plass	properNoun	swe	Olav Kyrres plass	properNoun	nor
Olav Kyrresvei	properNoun	swe	Olav Kyrresvei	properNoun	nor
Olav M. Troviks vei	properNoun	swe	Olav M. Troviks vei	properNoun	nor
Olav Nygards veg	properNoun	swe	Olav Nygards veg	properNoun	nor
Olav Oksviks veg	properNoun	swe	Olav Oksviks veg	properNoun	nor
Olav Rustis gate	properNoun	swe	Olav Rustis gate	properNoun	nor
Olav Selvaags plass	properNoun	swe	Olav Selvaags plass	properNoun	nor
Olavs gate	properNoun	swe	Olavs gate	properNoun	nor
Olav Trygvasons gate	properNoun	swe	Olav Trygvasons gate	properNoun	nor
Olav Trygvasonsvei	properNoun	swe	Olav Trygvasonsvei	properNoun	nor
Olav Vs gate	properNoun	swe	Olav Vs gate	properNoun	nor
Olav Vs plass	properNoun	swe	Olav Vs plass	properNoun	nor
Oldenborreveien	properNoun	swe	Oldenborreveien	properNoun	nor
Olderbakken	properNoun	swe	Olderbakken	properNoun	nor
Olderkjerret	properNoun	swe	Olderkjerret	properNoun	nor
Oldernesveien	properNoun	swe	Oldernesveien	properNoun	nor
Oldersmauet	properNoun	swe	Oldersmauet	properNoun	nor
Olderveien	properNoun	swe	Olderveien	properNoun	nor
Oldtidsveien	properNoun	swe	Oldtidsveien	properNoun	nor
Ole B. Munchs vei	properNoun	swe	Ole B. Munchs vei	properNoun	nor
Ole Brinchs vei	properNoun	swe	Ole Brinchs vei	properNoun	nor
Ole Brumms vei	properNoun	swe	Ole Brumms vei	properNoun	nor
Ole Bulls gate	properNoun	swe	Ole Bulls gate	properNoun	nor
Ole Bulls plass	properNoun	swe	Ole Bulls plass	properNoun	nor
Ole Bullsveg	properNoun	swe	Ole Bullsveg	properNoun	nor
Ole Deviks vei	properNoun	swe	Ole Deviks vei	properNoun	nor
Ole Eides gate	properNoun	swe	Ole Eides gate	properNoun	nor
Ole Engebretsens vei	properNoun	swe	Ole Engebretsens vei	properNoun	nor
Ole Fladagers gate	properNoun	swe	Ole Fladagers gate	properNoun	nor
Ole Irgens' vei	properNoun	swe	Ole Irgens' vei	properNoun	nor
Ole Jacob Brochs gate	properNoun	swe	Ole Jacob Brochs gate	properNoun	nor
Ole Landmarks vei	properNoun	swe	Ole Landmarks vei	properNoun	nor
Ole Messelts vei	properNoun	swe	Ole Messelts vei	properNoun	nor
Ole Moes vei	properNoun	swe	Ole Moes vei	properNoun	nor
Ole O. Lians veg	properNoun	swe	Ole O. Lians veg	properNoun	nor
Ole Reistads vei	properNoun	swe	Ole Reistads vei	properNoun	nor
Ole Stavnums vei	properNoun	swe	Ole Stavnums vei	properNoun	nor
Olesvei	properNoun	swe	Olesvei	properNoun	nor
Ole Vigs gate	properNoun	swe	Ole Vigs gate	properNoun	nor
Ole Weggers vei	properNoun	swe	Ole Weggers vei	properNoun	nor
Ole Wingers vei	properNoun	swe	Ole Wingers vei	properNoun	nor
Olga Lunds vei	properNoun	swe	Olga Lunds vei	properNoun	nor
Olinestien	properNoun	swe	Olinestien	properNoun	nor
Ollebakken	properNoun	swe	Ollebakken	properNoun	nor
Ollebukta	properNoun	swe	Ollebukta	properNoun	nor
Olleveien	properNoun	swe	Olleveien	properNoun	nor
Olsborgveien	properNoun	swe	Olsborgveien	properNoun	nor
Olsens Enkes vei	properNoun	swe	Olsens Enkes vei	properNoun	nor
Olsrødsvingen	properNoun	swe	Olsrødsvingen	properNoun	nor
Olsrødtunet	properNoun	swe	Olsrødtunet	properNoun	nor
Olsrødveien	properNoun	swe	Olsrødveien	properNoun	nor
Olsvikfjellet	properNoun	swe	Olsvikfjellet	properNoun	nor
Olsvikmarken	properNoun	swe	Olsvikmarken	properNoun	nor
Olsvikskjenet	properNoun	swe	Olsvikskjenet	properNoun	nor
Olsvikskrenten	properNoun	swe	Olsvikskrenten	properNoun	nor
Olsvikstallen	properNoun	swe	Olsvikstallen	properNoun	nor
Olsvikveien	properNoun	swe	Olsvikveien	properNoun	nor
Olsvikåsen	properNoun	swe	Olsvikåsen	properNoun	nor
Oluf Onsums vei	properNoun	swe	Oluf Onsums vei	properNoun	nor
Oluf Ryghs gate	properNoun	swe	Oluf Ryghs gate	properNoun	nor
Olympiaveien	properNoun	swe	Olympiaveien	properNoun	nor
Omagata	properNoun	swe	Omagata	properNoun	nor
Ombergveien	properNoun	swe	Ombergveien	properNoun	nor
Omborsnestunet	properNoun	swe	Omborsnestunet	properNoun	nor
Omborsnesveien	properNoun	swe	Omborsnesveien	properNoun	nor
Omnes	properNoun	swe	Omnes	properNoun	nor
Omsaveien	properNoun	swe	Omsaveien	properNoun	nor
Omsens gate	properNoun	swe	Omsens gate	properNoun	nor
Omveien	properNoun	swe	Omveien	properNoun	nor
Onkel Eriks vei	properNoun	swe	Onkel Eriks vei	properNoun	nor
Onsmannes	properNoun	swe	Onsmannes	properNoun	nor
Opalveien	properNoun	swe	Opalveien	properNoun	nor
Operagata	properNoun	swe	Operagata	properNoun	nor
Oppdølstrand	properNoun	swe	Oppdølstrand	properNoun	nor
Oppegårdgata	properNoun	swe	Oppegårdgata	properNoun	nor
Oppetveiten	properNoun	swe	Oppetveiten	properNoun	nor
Oppetveitlia	properNoun	swe	Oppetveitlia	properNoun	nor
Opplandgata	properNoun	swe	Opplandgata	properNoun	nor
Oppsalstubben	properNoun	swe	Oppsalstubben	properNoun	nor
Oppsal terrasse	properNoun	swe	Oppsal terrasse	properNoun	nor
Oppsaltoppen	properNoun	swe	Oppsaltoppen	properNoun	nor
Oppsalveien	properNoun	swe	Oppsalveien	properNoun	nor
Oppskred	properNoun	swe	Oppskred	properNoun	nor
Opsahlvegen	properNoun	swe	Opsahlvegen	properNoun	nor
Oreholtet	properNoun	swe	Oreholtet	properNoun	nor
Orelia	properNoun	swe	Orelia	properNoun	nor
Oreligrenda	properNoun	swe	Oreligrenda	properNoun	nor
Oreliveien	properNoun	swe	Oreliveien	properNoun	nor
Orelund	properNoun	swe	Orelund	properNoun	nor
Orenga	properNoun	swe	Orenga	properNoun	nor
Orheimveien	properNoun	swe	Orheimveien	properNoun	nor
Orions vei	properNoun	swe	Orions vei	properNoun	nor
Orionvegen	properNoun	swe	Orionvegen	properNoun	nor
Orionveien	properNoun	swe	Orionveien	properNoun	nor
Orknøygata	properNoun	swe	Orknøygata	properNoun	nor
Ormekollen	properNoun	swe	Ormekollen	properNoun	nor
Ormestadholmen	properNoun	swe	Ormestadholmen	properNoun	nor
Ormestadpina	properNoun	swe	Ormestadpina	properNoun	nor
Ormsundbakken	properNoun	swe	Ormsundbakken	properNoun	nor
Ormsundveien	properNoun	swe	Ormsundveien	properNoun	nor
Ormøybakken	properNoun	swe	Ormøybakken	properNoun	nor
Ormøyveien	properNoun	swe	Ormøyveien	properNoun	nor
Orrebakken	properNoun	swe	Orrebakken	properNoun	nor
Orreskogen	properNoun	swe	Orreskogen	properNoun	nor
Orrestien	properNoun	swe	Orrestien	properNoun	nor
Orrevegen	properNoun	swe	Orrevegen	properNoun	nor
Orreveien	properNoun	swe	Orreveien	properNoun	nor
Ortuflaten	properNoun	swe	Ortuflaten	properNoun	nor
Ortugrenden	properNoun	swe	Ortugrenden	properNoun	nor
Ortustranden	properNoun	swe	Ortustranden	properNoun	nor
Orveien	properNoun	swe	Orveien	properNoun	nor
Osberg	properNoun	swe	Osberg	properNoun	nor
Oscar Dahls vei	properNoun	swe	Oscar Dahls vei	properNoun	nor
Oscar Nissens gate	properNoun	swe	Oscar Nissens gate	properNoun	nor
Oscars gate	properNoun	swe	Oscars gate	properNoun	nor
Oscarshallveien	properNoun	swe	Oscarshallveien	properNoun	nor
Osebergstien	properNoun	swe	Osebergstien	properNoun	nor
Osebergveien	properNoun	swe	Osebergveien	properNoun	nor
Oskarbakken	properNoun	swe	Oskarbakken	properNoun	nor
Oskar Braatens gate	properNoun	swe	Oskar Braatens gate	properNoun	nor
Oskar Braatens plass	properNoun	swe	Oskar Braatens plass	properNoun	nor
Oskars gate	properNoun	swe	Oskars gate	properNoun	nor
Oslofjord	properNoun	swe	Oslofjord	properNoun	nor
Oslofjordveien	properNoun	swe	Oslofjordveien	properNoun	nor
Oslo gate	properNoun	swe	Oslo gate	properNoun	nor
Oslo torg	properNoun	swe	Oslo torg	properNoun	nor
Ospebakken	properNoun	swe	Ospebakken	properNoun	nor
Ospelia	properNoun	swe	Ospelia	properNoun	nor
Ospeskogveien	properNoun	swe	Ospeskogveien	properNoun	nor
Ospestien	properNoun	swe	Ospestien	properNoun	nor
Ospeveien	properNoun	swe	Ospeveien	properNoun	nor
Ostadalsveien	properNoun	swe	Ostadalsveien	properNoun	nor
Osterhaus' gate	properNoun	swe	Osterhaus' gate	properNoun	nor
Osveien	properNoun	swe	Osveien	properNoun	nor
O. T. Bjanes vei	properNoun	swe	O. T. Bjanes vei	properNoun	nor
Oterveien	properNoun	swe	Oterveien	properNoun	nor
Othilie Tonnings vei	properNoun	swe	Othilie Tonnings vei	properNoun	nor
Ottar Birtings gate	properNoun	swe	Ottar Birtings gate	properNoun	nor
Otterveien	properNoun	swe	Otterveien	properNoun	nor
Otto Amundsens vei	properNoun	swe	Otto Amundsens vei	properNoun	nor
Otto Blehrs vei	properNoun	swe	Otto Blehrs vei	properNoun	nor
Otto Ruges vei	properNoun	swe	Otto Ruges vei	properNoun	nor
Otto Rykkinds vei	properNoun	swe	Otto Rykkinds vei	properNoun	nor
Otto Sogns vei	properNoun	swe	Otto Sogns vei	properNoun	nor
Otto Sverdrups gate	properNoun	swe	Otto Sverdrups gate	properNoun	nor
Otto Sverdrups veg	properNoun	swe	Otto Sverdrups veg	properNoun	nor
Otto Sverdrups vei	properNoun	swe	Otto Sverdrups vei	properNoun	nor
Ove Gjeddes vei	properNoun	swe	Ove Gjeddes vei	properNoun	nor
Ove Kristiansens vei	properNoun	swe	Ove Kristiansens vei	properNoun	nor
Ovenbakken	properNoun	swe	Ovenbakken	properNoun	nor
Overå	properNoun	swe	Overå	properNoun	nor
Owrens gate	properNoun	swe	Owrens gate	properNoun	nor
P.A. Holms vei	properNoun	swe	P.A. Holms vei	properNoun	nor
Paludans gate	properNoun	swe	Paludans gate	properNoun	nor
P A Munchs gate	properNoun	swe	P A Munchs gate	properNoun	nor
P.A. Munchs vei	properNoun	swe	P.A. Munchs vei	properNoun	nor
Panoramavegen	properNoun	swe	Panoramavegen	properNoun	nor
Panparken	properNoun	swe	Panparken	properNoun	nor
Pans vei	properNoun	swe	Pans vei	properNoun	nor
Paradisalléen	properNoun	swe	Paradisalléen	properNoun	nor
Paradishøyden	properNoun	swe	Paradishøyden	properNoun	nor
Paradisleitet	properNoun	swe	Paradisleitet	properNoun	nor
Paradisstranden	properNoun	swe	Paradisstranden	properNoun	nor
Parelius gate	properNoun	swe	Parelius gate	properNoun	nor
Pareliusveien	properNoun	swe	Pareliusveien	properNoun	nor
Parkalleen	properNoun	swe	Parkalleen	properNoun	nor
Parkdammen	properNoun	swe	Parkdammen	properNoun	nor
Parkenga	properNoun	swe	Parkenga	properNoun	nor
Parkgata	properNoun	swe	Parkgata	properNoun	nor
Parksvingen	properNoun	swe	Parksvingen	properNoun	nor
Parkvegen	properNoun	swe	Parkvegen	properNoun	nor
Parkveien	properNoun	swe	Parkveien	properNoun	nor
Parnemannsgate	properNoun	swe	Parnemannsgate	properNoun	nor
Pasoplia	properNoun	swe	Pasoplia	properNoun	nor
Pasopsvingen	properNoun	swe	Pasopsvingen	properNoun	nor
Pasopveien	properNoun	swe	Pasopveien	properNoun	nor
Passebekkveien	properNoun	swe	Passebekkveien	properNoun	nor
Pastor Blaauws vei	properNoun	swe	Pastor Blaauws vei	properNoun	nor
Pastor Fangens vei	properNoun	swe	Pastor Fangens vei	properNoun	nor
Paulines vei	properNoun	swe	Paulines vei	properNoun	nor
Paul Smelters vei	properNoun	swe	Paul Smelters vei	properNoun	nor
Paulus' plass	properNoun	swe	Paulus' plass	properNoun	nor
Pausvei	properNoun	swe	Pausvei	properNoun	nor
Pavels' gate	properNoun	swe	Pavels' gate	properNoun	nor
Pavels vei	properNoun	swe	Pavels vei	properNoun	nor
P. Chr. Asbjørnsens veg	properNoun	swe	P. Chr. Asbjørnsens veg	properNoun	nor
Pearl Engens vei	properNoun	swe	Pearl Engens vei	properNoun	nor
Peckels gate	properNoun	swe	Peckels gate	properNoun	nor
Pedellen	properNoun	swe	Pedellen	properNoun	nor
Peder Ankers plass	properNoun	swe	Peder Ankers plass	properNoun	nor
Peder Ankers vei	properNoun	swe	Peder Ankers vei	properNoun	nor
Peder Bogens gate	properNoun	swe	Peder Bogens gate	properNoun	nor
Peder Claussøns gate	properNoun	swe	Peder Claussøns gate	properNoun	nor
Peder Grøns vei	properNoun	swe	Peder Grøns vei	properNoun	nor
Peder Holters vei	properNoun	swe	Peder Holters vei	properNoun	nor
Peder Lagmanns gate	properNoun	swe	Peder Lagmanns gate	properNoun	nor
Peder Ristvedts vei	properNoun	swe	Peder Ristvedts vei	properNoun	nor
Peder Thomassons gate	properNoun	swe	Peder Thomassons gate	properNoun	nor
Peer Gynts veg	properNoun	swe	Peer Gynts veg	properNoun	nor
Peer Gynts vei	properNoun	swe	Peer Gynts vei	properNoun	nor
Peer gynts vei	properNoun	swe	Peer gynts vei	properNoun	nor
Pegasus vei	properNoun	swe	Pegasus vei	properNoun	nor
Peiks vei	properNoun	swe	Peiks vei	properNoun	nor
Pekestokken	properNoun	swe	Pekestokken	properNoun	nor
Pelskroken	properNoun	swe	Pelskroken	properNoun	nor
Pelvikveien	properNoun	swe	Pelvikveien	properNoun	nor
Per Gynts vei	properNoun	swe	Per Gynts vei	properNoun	nor
Per Krohgs vei	properNoun	swe	Per Krohgs vei	properNoun	nor
Per Kvibergs gate	properNoun	swe	Per Kvibergs gate	properNoun	nor
Pernilles vei	properNoun	swe	Pernilles vei	properNoun	nor
Persbakken	properNoun	swe	Persbakken	properNoun	nor
Persbråtan	properNoun	swe	Persbråtan	properNoun	nor
Persenbakken	properNoun	swe	Persenbakken	properNoun	nor
Persgangen	properNoun	swe	Persgangen	properNoun	nor
Per Skredders vei	properNoun	swe	Per Skredders vei	properNoun	nor
Persløkka	properNoun	swe	Persløkka	properNoun	nor
Pers vei	properNoun	swe	Pers vei	properNoun	nor
Persveien	properNoun	swe	Persveien	properNoun	nor
Pervik	properNoun	swe	Pervik	properNoun	nor
Petedalsflaten	properNoun	swe	Petedalsflaten	properNoun	nor
Petedalsheia	properNoun	swe	Petedalsheia	properNoun	nor
Peter Castbergs gate	properNoun	swe	Peter Castbergs gate	properNoun	nor
Peter Grøns gate	properNoun	swe	Peter Grøns gate	properNoun	nor
Peterhofveien	properNoun	swe	Peterhofveien	properNoun	nor
Peter Jebsens Veg	properNoun	swe	Peter Jebsens Veg	properNoun	nor
Peter Loranges vei	properNoun	swe	Peter Loranges vei	properNoun	nor
Peter Motzfeldts gate	properNoun	swe	Peter Motzfeldts gate	properNoun	nor
Peter Møllers vei	properNoun	swe	Peter Møllers vei	properNoun	nor
Peter Aas' vei	properNoun	swe	Peter Aas' vei	properNoun	nor
Petreabakken	properNoun	swe	Petreabakken	properNoun	nor
Petter Auerdahls vei	properNoun	swe	Petter Auerdahls vei	properNoun	nor
Petter Hugsteds vei	properNoun	swe	Petter Hugsteds vei	properNoun	nor
Philip Pedersens vei	properNoun	swe	Philip Pedersens vei	properNoun	nor
Piggsoppgrenda	properNoun	swe	Piggsoppgrenda	properNoun	nor
Pikåsveien	properNoun	swe	Pikåsveien	properNoun	nor
Pilestien	properNoun	swe	Pilestien	properNoun	nor
Pilestredet	properNoun	swe	Pilestredet	properNoun	nor
Pilestredet park	properNoun	swe	Pilestredet park	properNoun	nor
Pileveien	properNoun	swe	Pileveien	properNoun	nor
Pilotveien	properNoun	swe	Pilotveien	properNoun	nor
Pilveien	properNoun	swe	Pilveien	properNoun	nor
Pinakroken	properNoun	swe	Pinakroken	properNoun	nor
Pinaveien	properNoun	swe	Pinaveien	properNoun	nor
Pindsleveien	properNoun	swe	Pindsleveien	properNoun	nor
Pingvinveien	properNoun	swe	Pingvinveien	properNoun	nor
Pinnelien	properNoun	swe	Pinnelien	properNoun	nor
Pinnåsen	properNoun	swe	Pinnåsen	properNoun	nor
Pionerstien	properNoun	swe	Pionerstien	properNoun	nor
Pionerveien	properNoun	swe	Pionerveien	properNoun	nor
Pirolveien	properNoun	swe	Pirolveien	properNoun	nor
Plahtejordet	properNoun	swe	Plahtejordet	properNoun	nor
Plahteskogen	properNoun	swe	Plahteskogen	properNoun	nor
Planetveien	properNoun	swe	Planetveien	properNoun	nor
Plankeveien	properNoun	swe	Plankeveien	properNoun	nor
Planteskolen	properNoun	swe	Planteskolen	properNoun	nor
Plassvingen	properNoun	swe	Plassvingen	properNoun	nor
Platous gate	properNoun	swe	Platous gate	properNoun	nor
Platåveien	properNoun	swe	Platåveien	properNoun	nor
Plogveien	properNoun	swe	Plogveien	properNoun	nor
Plutos vei	properNoun	swe	Plutos vei	properNoun	nor
Plutovegen	properNoun	swe	Plutovegen	properNoun	nor
Plutoveien	properNoun	swe	Plutoveien	properNoun	nor
Plytten	properNoun	swe	Plytten	properNoun	nor
Pløens gate	properNoun	swe	Pløens gate	properNoun	nor
P. O. Boddingsveg	properNoun	swe	P. O. Boddingsveg	properNoun	nor
Pontoppidans gate	properNoun	swe	Pontoppidans gate	properNoun	nor
Poppelstien	properNoun	swe	Poppelstien	properNoun	nor
Porfyrvegen	properNoun	swe	Porfyrvegen	properNoun	nor
Porfyrveien	properNoun	swe	Porfyrveien	properNoun	nor
Porsveien	properNoun	swe	Porsveien	properNoun	nor
Postbrubakken	properNoun	swe	Postbrubakken	properNoun	nor
Postdamveien	properNoun	swe	Postdamveien	properNoun	nor
Postmannsfaret	properNoun	swe	Postmannsfaret	properNoun	nor
Postmannsveien	properNoun	swe	Postmannsveien	properNoun	nor
Postveien	properNoun	swe	Postveien	properNoun	nor
Pottemakerveien	properNoun	swe	Pottemakerveien	properNoun	nor
Prahls vei	properNoun	swe	Prahls vei	properNoun	nor
Prahms gate	properNoun	swe	Prahms gate	properNoun	nor
President Christies vei	properNoun	swe	President Christies vei	properNoun	nor
Presidentgata	properNoun	swe	Presidentgata	properNoun	nor
President Harbitz' gate	properNoun	swe	President Harbitz' gate	properNoun	nor
Prestbøen	properNoun	swe	Prestbøen	properNoun	nor
Prestegata	properNoun	swe	Prestegata	properNoun	nor
Prestegaten	properNoun	swe	Prestegaten	properNoun	nor
Prestegårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Prestegårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Prestehaugen	properNoun	swe	Prestehaugen	properNoun	nor
Prestelia	properNoun	swe	Prestelia	properNoun	nor
Presterud allé	properNoun	swe	Presterud allé	properNoun	nor
Presterødalléen	properNoun	swe	Presterødalléen	properNoun	nor
Presteskogveien	properNoun	swe	Presteskogveien	properNoun	nor
Prestestien	properNoun	swe	Prestestien	properNoun	nor
Presteveien	properNoun	swe	Presteveien	properNoun	nor
Prestlia	properNoun	swe	Prestlia	properNoun	nor
Prestura	properNoun	swe	Prestura	properNoun	nor
Preståsen	properNoun	swe	Preståsen	properNoun	nor
Preståsveien	properNoun	swe	Preståsveien	properNoun	nor
Prinsdalsfaret	properNoun	swe	Prinsdalsfaret	properNoun	nor
Prinsdalskleiva	properNoun	swe	Prinsdalskleiva	properNoun	nor
Prinsegata	properNoun	swe	Prinsegata	properNoun	nor
Prinsens gate	properNoun	swe	Prinsens gate	properNoun	nor
Prinsessealléen	properNoun	swe	Prinsessealléen	properNoun	nor
Prinsessens plass	properNoun	swe	Prinsessens plass	properNoun	nor
Prinsesseveien	properNoun	swe	Prinsesseveien	properNoun	nor
Prins Haralds veg	properNoun	swe	Prins Haralds veg	properNoun	nor
Priorveien	properNoun	swe	Priorveien	properNoun	nor
Problemveien	properNoun	swe	Problemveien	properNoun	nor
Professor Arentz' gate	properNoun	swe	Professor Arentz' gate	properNoun	nor
Professor Aschehougs plass	properNoun	swe	Professor Aschehougs plass	properNoun	nor
Professor Birkelands vei	properNoun	swe	Professor Birkelands vei	properNoun	nor
Professor Dahls gate	properNoun	swe	Professor Dahls gate	properNoun	nor
Professor Hansteens gate	properNoun	swe	Professor Hansteens gate	properNoun	nor
Professor Keysers gate	properNoun	swe	Professor Keysers gate	properNoun	nor
Professor Kohts vei	properNoun	swe	Professor Kohts vei	properNoun	nor
Professor Lochmanns gate	properNoun	swe	Professor Lochmanns gate	properNoun	nor
Professor Olavsens vei	properNoun	swe	Professor Olavsens vei	properNoun	nor
Professorveien	properNoun	swe	Professorveien	properNoun	nor
Prokurator Torps gate	properNoun	swe	Prokurator Torps gate	properNoun	nor
Promenaden	properNoun	swe	Promenaden	properNoun	nor
Proms gate	properNoun	swe	Proms gate	properNoun	nor
Prost Bloms gate	properNoun	swe	Prost Bloms gate	properNoun	nor
Prost Christies vei	properNoun	swe	Prost Christies vei	properNoun	nor
Prost Hallings vei	properNoun	swe	Prost Hallings vei	properNoun	nor
Prost Holsviks vei	properNoun	swe	Prost Holsviks vei	properNoun	nor
Prost Knudsens vei	properNoun	swe	Prost Knudsens vei	properNoun	nor
Protonveien	properNoun	swe	Protonveien	properNoun	nor
P.T. Mallings vei	properNoun	swe	P.T. Mallings vei	properNoun	nor
Puddefjordsbroen	properNoun	swe	Puddefjordsbroen	properNoun	nor
Pukkestadveien	properNoun	swe	Pukkestadveien	properNoun	nor
Putti Westerdals plass	properNoun	swe	Putti Westerdals plass	properNoun	nor
Pynten	properNoun	swe	Pynten	properNoun	nor
Pyntestuen	properNoun	swe	Pyntestuen	properNoun	nor
Pyttenveien	properNoun	swe	Pyttenveien	properNoun	nor
Pyttergrenden	properNoun	swe	Pyttergrenden	properNoun	nor
Pålaveien	properNoun	swe	Pålaveien	properNoun	nor
Paal Bergs veg	properNoun	swe	Paal Bergs veg	properNoun	nor
Paal Bergs vei	properNoun	swe	Paal Bergs vei	properNoun	nor
Påls vei	properNoun	swe	Påls vei	properNoun	nor
Paasches allé	properNoun	swe	Paasches allé	properNoun	nor
Påterudveien	properNoun	swe	Påterudveien	properNoun	nor
Quinsgaardsgate	properNoun	swe	Quinsgaardsgate	properNoun	nor
Rabakken	properNoun	swe	Rabakken	properNoun	nor
Rabben	properNoun	swe	Rabben	properNoun	nor
Rabbeveien	properNoun	swe	Rabbeveien	properNoun	nor
Radarveien	properNoun	swe	Radarveien	properNoun	nor
Radioveien	properNoun	swe	Radioveien	properNoun	nor
Rafdal 1	properNoun	swe	Rafdal 1	properNoun	nor
Rafdal 2	properNoun	swe	Rafdal 2	properNoun	nor
Rafnesveien	properNoun	swe	Rafnesveien	properNoun	nor
Ragna Nielsens vei	properNoun	swe	Ragna Nielsens vei	properNoun	nor
Ragnar Kalheims plass	properNoun	swe	Ragnar Kalheims plass	properNoun	nor
Ragnfrids vei	properNoun	swe	Ragnfrids vei	properNoun	nor
Ragnhildbru	properNoun	swe	Ragnhildbru	properNoun	nor
Ragnhildrødveien	properNoun	swe	Ragnhildrødveien	properNoun	nor
Ragnhild Schibbyes vei	properNoun	swe	Ragnhild Schibbyes vei	properNoun	nor
Ragnhilds veg	properNoun	swe	Ragnhilds veg	properNoun	nor
Ragnhilds vei	properNoun	swe	Ragnhilds vei	properNoun	nor
Rajeveien	properNoun	swe	Rajeveien	properNoun	nor
Rakkestadveien	properNoun	swe	Rakkestadveien	properNoun	nor
Rakkevikveien	properNoun	swe	Rakkevikveien	properNoun	nor
Rambekkvegen	properNoun	swe	Rambekkvegen	properNoun	nor
Rambergveien	properNoun	swe	Rambergveien	properNoun	nor
Rambjølleveien	properNoun	swe	Rambjølleveien	properNoun	nor
Ramnahei	properNoun	swe	Ramnahei	properNoun	nor
Ramnereiret	properNoun	swe	Ramnereiret	properNoun	nor
Ramnesveien	properNoun	swe	Ramnesveien	properNoun	nor
Ramsays gate	properNoun	swe	Ramsays gate	properNoun	nor
Ramstadsletta	properNoun	swe	Ramstadsletta	properNoun	nor
Ramstadåsveien	properNoun	swe	Ramstadåsveien	properNoun	nor
Ramsvikveien	properNoun	swe	Ramsvikveien	properNoun	nor
Ranten	properNoun	swe	Ranten	properNoun	nor
Ranunkelveien	properNoun	swe	Ranunkelveien	properNoun	nor
Ranvik brygge	properNoun	swe	Ranvik brygge	properNoun	nor
Ranvikskogen	properNoun	swe	Ranvikskogen	properNoun	nor
Ranvikstranda	properNoun	swe	Ranvikstranda	properNoun	nor
Ranviksvingen	properNoun	swe	Ranviksvingen	properNoun	nor
Ranvikveien	properNoun	swe	Ranvikveien	properNoun	nor
Rappensvingen	properNoun	swe	Rappensvingen	properNoun	nor
Rappveien	properNoun	swe	Rappveien	properNoun	nor
Raschs vei	properNoun	swe	Raschs vei	properNoun	nor
Rasmusbakken	properNoun	swe	Rasmusbakken	properNoun	nor
Rasmus Engers vei	properNoun	swe	Rasmus Engers vei	properNoun	nor
Rasmus Meyers allé	properNoun	swe	Rasmus Meyers allé	properNoun	nor
Rasmusvegen	properNoun	swe	Rasmusvegen	properNoun	nor
Rasmus Winderens vei	properNoun	swe	Rasmus Winderens vei	properNoun	nor
Rathkes gate	properNoun	swe	Rathkes gate	properNoun	nor
Rathkes plass	properNoun	swe	Rathkes plass	properNoun	nor
Raudberg	properNoun	swe	Raudberg	properNoun	nor
Raudeli	properNoun	swe	Raudeli	properNoun	nor
Raufossvegen	properNoun	swe	Raufossvegen	properNoun	nor
Raukveien	properNoun	swe	Raukveien	properNoun	nor
Raumyrveien	properNoun	swe	Raumyrveien	properNoun	nor
Raunebben	properNoun	swe	Raunebben	properNoun	nor
Raunekleiv	properNoun	swe	Raunekleiv	properNoun	nor
Raunhilde	properNoun	swe	Raunhilde	properNoun	nor
Rausand	properNoun	swe	Rausand	properNoun	nor
Raveien	properNoun	swe	Raveien	properNoun	nor
Ravnebakken	properNoun	swe	Ravnebakken	properNoun	nor
Ravnestølen	properNoun	swe	Ravnestølen	properNoun	nor
Ravnkollbakken	properNoun	swe	Ravnkollbakken	properNoun	nor
Ravnkroken	properNoun	swe	Ravnkroken	properNoun	nor
Ravnø	properNoun	swe	Ravnø	properNoun	nor
Ravnøveien	properNoun	swe	Ravnøveien	properNoun	nor
Ravnåsveien	properNoun	swe	Ravnåsveien	properNoun	nor
Refstad allé	properNoun	swe	Refstad allé	properNoun	nor
Refstadsvingen	properNoun	swe	Refstadsvingen	properNoun	nor
Refstadveien	properNoun	swe	Refstadveien	properNoun	nor
Regattaveien	properNoun	swe	Regattaveien	properNoun	nor
Regnbueveien	properNoun	swe	Regnbueveien	properNoun	nor
Reichweins gate	properNoun	swe	Reichweins gate	properNoun	nor
Reidar Kobros vei	properNoun	swe	Reidar Kobros vei	properNoun	nor
Reidar Sendemanns gate	properNoun	swe	Reidar Sendemanns gate	properNoun	nor
Reidunsvei	properNoun	swe	Reidunsvei	properNoun	nor
Reina	properNoun	swe	Reina	properNoun	nor
Reinane	properNoun	swe	Reinane	properNoun	nor
Reinkornvegen	properNoun	swe	Reinkornvegen	properNoun	nor
Reins gate	properNoun	swe	Reins gate	properNoun	nor
Reinveien	properNoun	swe	Reinveien	properNoun	nor
Reipbanegata	properNoun	swe	Reipbanegata	properNoun	nor
Reipslagergata	properNoun	swe	Reipslagergata	properNoun	nor
Rekdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Rekdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Rekefjord	properNoun	swe	Rekefjord	properNoun	nor
Rekesvingen	properNoun	swe	Rekesvingen	properNoun	nor
Rekeveien	properNoun	swe	Rekeveien	properNoun	nor
Reknergata	properNoun	swe	Reknergata	properNoun	nor
Rektangelveien	properNoun	swe	Rektangelveien	properNoun	nor
Rektorhaugen	properNoun	swe	Rektorhaugen	properNoun	nor
Rektor Hertzbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Rektor Hertzbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Reme	properNoun	swe	Reme	properNoun	nor
Remefjell	properNoun	swe	Remefjell	properNoun	nor
Remmem	properNoun	swe	Remmem	properNoun	nor
Remsa	properNoun	swe	Remsa	properNoun	nor
Renen	properNoun	swe	Renen	properNoun	nor
Rensevegen	properNoun	swe	Rensevegen	properNoun	nor
Repelen	properNoun	swe	Repelen	properNoun	nor
Repslagerbakken	properNoun	swe	Repslagerbakken	properNoun	nor
Repslagergangen	properNoun	swe	Repslagergangen	properNoun	nor
Repslagergaten	properNoun	swe	Repslagergaten	properNoun	nor
Reservatveien	properNoun	swe	Reservatveien	properNoun	nor
Residensveien	properNoun	swe	Residensveien	properNoun	nor
Resset	properNoun	swe	Resset	properNoun	nor
Revebåsen	properNoun	swe	Revebåsen	properNoun	nor
Revefaret	properNoun	swe	Revefaret	properNoun	nor
Reverudåsen	properNoun	swe	Reverudåsen	properNoun	nor
Revesaksa	properNoun	swe	Revesaksa	properNoun	nor
Revesporet	properNoun	swe	Revesporet	properNoun	nor
Revestien	properNoun	swe	Revestien	properNoun	nor
Revet	properNoun	swe	Revet	properNoun	nor
Revierstredet	properNoun	swe	Revierstredet	properNoun	nor
Revåsen	properNoun	swe	Revåsen	properNoun	nor
Revåsveien	properNoun	swe	Revåsveien	properNoun	nor
Ribbunggata	properNoun	swe	Ribbunggata	properNoun	nor
Ribstonveien	properNoun	swe	Ribstonveien	properNoun	nor
Richard Nordraaks gate	properNoun	swe	Richard Nordraaks gate	properNoun	nor
Riddervold Jensens gate	properNoun	swe	Riddervold Jensens gate	properNoun	nor
Riddervolds gate	properNoun	swe	Riddervolds gate	properNoun	nor
Riddervolds plass	properNoun	swe	Riddervolds plass	properNoun	nor
Rideveien	properNoun	swe	Rideveien	properNoun	nor
Rieber-Mohns vei	properNoun	swe	Rieber-Mohns vei	properNoun	nor
Riegelsbakken	properNoun	swe	Riegelsbakken	properNoun	nor
Riflegata	properNoun	swe	Riflegata	properNoun	nor
Riflestien	properNoun	swe	Riflestien	properNoun	nor
Rifleveien	properNoun	swe	Rifleveien	properNoun	nor
Riggergangen	properNoun	swe	Riggergangen	properNoun	nor
Rigmor Luihns vei	properNoun	swe	Rigmor Luihns vei	properNoun	nor
Riiser Larsens vei	properNoun	swe	Riiser Larsens vei	properNoun	nor
Rikkes vei	properNoun	swe	Rikkes vei	properNoun	nor
Rikås	properNoun	swe	Rikås	properNoun	nor
Rimfakses vei	properNoun	swe	Rimfakses vei	properNoun	nor
Rimsoppen	properNoun	swe	Rimsoppen	properNoun	nor
Rimveien	properNoun	swe	Rimveien	properNoun	nor
Rinddalen	properNoun	swe	Rinddalen	properNoun	nor
Rinds vei	properNoun	swe	Rinds vei	properNoun	nor
Ringbakken	properNoun	swe	Ringbakken	properNoun	nor
Ringeriksgata	properNoun	swe	Ringeriksgata	properNoun	nor
Ringeriksveien	properNoun	swe	Ringeriksveien	properNoun	nor
Ringgata	properNoun	swe	Ringgata	properNoun	nor
Ringkollen	properNoun	swe	Ringkollen	properNoun	nor
Ringkollgrenda	properNoun	swe	Ringkollgrenda	properNoun	nor
Ringkollstien	properNoun	swe	Ringkollstien	properNoun	nor
Ringkroken	properNoun	swe	Ringkroken	properNoun	nor
Ringnesveien	properNoun	swe	Ringnesveien	properNoun	nor
Ringset	properNoun	swe	Ringset	properNoun	nor
Ringsgangen	properNoun	swe	Ringsgangen	properNoun	nor
Ringshaugtunet	properNoun	swe	Ringshaugtunet	properNoun	nor
Ringshaugveien	properNoun	swe	Ringshaugveien	properNoun	nor
Ringshusstubben	properNoun	swe	Ringshusstubben	properNoun	nor
Ringshusveien	properNoun	swe	Ringshusveien	properNoun	nor
Ringstabekk	properNoun	swe	Ringstabekk	properNoun	nor
Ringstabekkveien	properNoun	swe	Ringstabekkveien	properNoun	nor
Ringstadbekkalleen	properNoun	swe	Ringstadbekkalleen	properNoun	nor
Ringstadbekkveien	properNoun	swe	Ringstadbekkveien	properNoun	nor
Ringsveien	properNoun	swe	Ringsveien	properNoun	nor
Ringvegen	properNoun	swe	Ringvegen	properNoun	nor
Ringveien	properNoun	swe	Ringveien	properNoun	nor
Ringvoldveien	properNoun	swe	Ringvoldveien	properNoun	nor
Riperbakken	properNoun	swe	Riperbakken	properNoun	nor
Riplegården	properNoun	swe	Riplegården	properNoun	nor
Risalléen	properNoun	swe	Risalléen	properNoun	nor
Risbakken	properNoun	swe	Risbakken	properNoun	nor
Risbekkveien	properNoun	swe	Risbekkveien	properNoun	nor
Riskeveien	properNoun	swe	Riskeveien	properNoun	nor
Risløkkalléen	properNoun	swe	Risløkkalléen	properNoun	nor
Risløkkfaret	properNoun	swe	Risløkkfaret	properNoun	nor
Risløkkveien	properNoun	swe	Risløkkveien	properNoun	nor
Rismyrveien	properNoun	swe	Rismyrveien	properNoun	nor
Risnes	properNoun	swe	Risnes	properNoun	nor
Risnesvegen	properNoun	swe	Risnesvegen	properNoun	nor
Ris skolevei	properNoun	swe	Ris skolevei	properNoun	nor
Risstubben	properNoun	swe	Risstubben	properNoun	nor
Risveien	properNoun	swe	Risveien	properNoun	nor
Risvika	properNoun	swe	Risvika	properNoun	nor
Roald Amundsens gate	properNoun	swe	Roald Amundsens gate	properNoun	nor
Roald Amundsens veg	properNoun	swe	Roald Amundsens veg	properNoun	nor
Roald Amundsens vei	properNoun	swe	Roald Amundsens vei	properNoun	nor
Roberglia	properNoun	swe	Roberglia	properNoun	nor
Robergrønningen	properNoun	swe	Robergrønningen	properNoun	nor
Robergveien	properNoun	swe	Robergveien	properNoun	nor
Robergåsen	properNoun	swe	Robergåsen	properNoun	nor
Robert Millars vei	properNoun	swe	Robert Millars vei	properNoun	nor
Rodes gate	properNoun	swe	Rodes gate	properNoun	nor
Rodes plass	properNoun	swe	Rodes plass	properNoun	nor
Rogagaten	properNoun	swe	Rogagaten	properNoun	nor
Rogges vei	properNoun	swe	Rogges vei	properNoun	nor
Rognebærstien	properNoun	swe	Rognebærstien	properNoun	nor
Rognebærsvingen	properNoun	swe	Rognebærsvingen	properNoun	nor
Rognehaugen	properNoun	swe	Rognehaugen	properNoun	nor
Rognerudveien	properNoun	swe	Rognerudveien	properNoun	nor
Rognesmauet	properNoun	swe	Rognesmauet	properNoun	nor
Rognevegen	properNoun	swe	Rognevegen	properNoun	nor
Rogneveien	properNoun	swe	Rogneveien	properNoun	nor
Rognskåsaveien	properNoun	swe	Rognskåsaveien	properNoun	nor
Rognstien	properNoun	swe	Rognstien	properNoun	nor
Rognsveien	properNoun	swe	Rognsveien	properNoun	nor
Rognveien	properNoun	swe	Rognveien	properNoun	nor
Rogstadbakken	properNoun	swe	Rogstadbakken	properNoun	nor
Rogstadveien	properNoun	swe	Rogstadveien	properNoun	nor
Rogstadåsen	properNoun	swe	Rogstadåsen	properNoun	nor
Rolf E. Stenersens allé	properNoun	swe	Rolf E. Stenersens allé	properNoun	nor
Rolf Hofmos gate	properNoun	swe	Rolf Hofmos gate	properNoun	nor
Rolf Hofmos plass	properNoun	swe	Rolf Hofmos plass	properNoun	nor
Rolfstangveien	properNoun	swe	Rolfstangveien	properNoun	nor
Rolf Strangers plass	properNoun	swe	Rolf Strangers plass	properNoun	nor
Rolf Wickstrøms vei	properNoun	swe	Rolf Wickstrøms vei	properNoun	nor
Roligheten	properNoun	swe	Roligheten	properNoun	nor
Rollandslia	properNoun	swe	Rollandslia	properNoun	nor
Rollandsstølen	properNoun	swe	Rollandsstølen	properNoun	nor
Rollandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Rollandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Romarheim	properNoun	swe	Romarheim	properNoun	nor
Romemyra	properNoun	swe	Romemyra	properNoun	nor
Rommibakken	properNoun	swe	Rommibakken	properNoun	nor
Rommiskogen	properNoun	swe	Rommiskogen	properNoun	nor
Romsdalsgata	properNoun	swe	Romsdalsgata	properNoun	nor
Romsdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Romsdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Romslo	properNoun	swe	Romslo	properNoun	nor
Romslovegen	properNoun	swe	Romslovegen	properNoun	nor
Romsveien	properNoun	swe	Romsveien	properNoun	nor
Romsås senter	properNoun	swe	Romsås senter	properNoun	nor
Romsåsveien	properNoun	swe	Romsåsveien	properNoun	nor
Ropernveien	properNoun	swe	Ropernveien	properNoun	nor
Rosenbergsgaten	properNoun	swe	Rosenbergsgaten	properNoun	nor
Rosenbergveien	properNoun	swe	Rosenbergveien	properNoun	nor
Rosenborggata	properNoun	swe	Rosenborggata	properNoun	nor
Rosendal	properNoun	swe	Rosendal	properNoun	nor
Rosendalsgata	properNoun	swe	Rosendalsgata	properNoun	nor
Rosendalsveien	properNoun	swe	Rosendalsveien	properNoun	nor
Rosenhoffgata	properNoun	swe	Rosenhoffgata	properNoun	nor
Rosenholmveien	properNoun	swe	Rosenholmveien	properNoun	nor
Rosenkrantz' gate	properNoun	swe	Rosenkrantz' gate	properNoun	nor
Rosenkrantzgaten	properNoun	swe	Rosenkrantzgaten	properNoun	nor
Rosenlundgata	properNoun	swe	Rosenlundgata	properNoun	nor
Rosenlundveien	properNoun	swe	Rosenlundveien	properNoun	nor
Rosenvolds gate	properNoun	swe	Rosenvolds gate	properNoun	nor
Rosenvoldvegen	properNoun	swe	Rosenvoldvegen	properNoun	nor
Rosesmauet	properNoun	swe	Rosesmauet	properNoun	nor
Roseveien	properNoun	swe	Roseveien	properNoun	nor
Rosings gate	properNoun	swe	Rosings gate	properNoun	nor
Rossajuv	properNoun	swe	Rossajuv	properNoun	nor
Rosshavsgata	properNoun	swe	Rosshavsgata	properNoun	nor
Ross-smauet	properNoun	swe	Ross-smauet	properNoun	nor
Rosteds gate	properNoun	swe	Rosteds gate	properNoun	nor
Rosteds vei	properNoun	swe	Rosteds vei	properNoun	nor
Rostockgata	properNoun	swe	Rostockgata	properNoun	nor
Rotsethorn	properNoun	swe	Rotsethorn	properNoun	nor
Rotthaugsgaten	properNoun	swe	Rotthaugsgaten	properNoun	nor
Rotvollen	properNoun	swe	Rotvollen	properNoun	nor
Roveruds gate	properNoun	swe	Roveruds gate	properNoun	nor
Roverudveien	properNoun	swe	Roverudveien	properNoun	nor
Roveveien	properNoun	swe	Roveveien	properNoun	nor
Rubina Ranas gate	properNoun	swe	Rubina Ranas gate	properNoun	nor
Rubinveien	properNoun	swe	Rubinveien	properNoun	nor
Rudolf Nilsens plass	properNoun	swe	Rudolf Nilsens plass	properNoun	nor
Rudsbekken	properNoun	swe	Rudsbekken	properNoun	nor
Rudsdalen	properNoun	swe	Rudsdalen	properNoun	nor
Rudskroken	properNoun	swe	Rudskroken	properNoun	nor
Rudssletta	properNoun	swe	Rudssletta	properNoun	nor
Rudsstubben	properNoun	swe	Rudsstubben	properNoun	nor
Rudsveien	properNoun	swe	Rudsveien	properNoun	nor
Rudsåsveien	properNoun	swe	Rudsåsveien	properNoun	nor
Rugdeberget	properNoun	swe	Rugdeberget	properNoun	nor
Rugdefaret	properNoun	swe	Rugdefaret	properNoun	nor
Rugdestien	properNoun	swe	Rugdestien	properNoun	nor
Rugdeveien	properNoun	swe	Rugdeveien	properNoun	nor
Ruglandbakken	properNoun	swe	Ruglandbakken	properNoun	nor
Ruglandveien	properNoun	swe	Ruglandveien	properNoun	nor
Rugsvea	properNoun	swe	Rugsvea	properNoun	nor
Rugtvedtveien	properNoun	swe	Rugtvedtveien	properNoun	nor
Rugveien	properNoun	swe	Rugveien	properNoun	nor
Rullestad	properNoun	swe	Rullestad	properNoun	nor
Rummelhoffsmauet	properNoun	swe	Rummelhoffsmauet	properNoun	nor
Runarveien	properNoun	swe	Runarveien	properNoun	nor
Rundemansveien	properNoun	swe	Rundemansveien	properNoun	nor
Runden	properNoun	swe	Runden	properNoun	nor
Rundhaugveien	properNoun	swe	Rundhaugveien	properNoun	nor
Rundingen	properNoun	swe	Rundingen	properNoun	nor
Rundmyrveien	properNoun	swe	Rundmyrveien	properNoun	nor
Rundtjernveien	properNoun	swe	Rundtjernveien	properNoun	nor
Runehamar	properNoun	swe	Runehamar	properNoun	nor
Runes vei	properNoun	swe	Runes vei	properNoun	nor
Runeveien	properNoun	swe	Runeveien	properNoun	nor
Ruseløkkveien	properNoun	swe	Ruseløkkveien	properNoun	nor
Ruskeneshaugen	properNoun	swe	Ruskeneshaugen	properNoun	nor
Rustadgrenda	properNoun	swe	Rustadgrenda	properNoun	nor
Rustadsaga	properNoun	swe	Rustadsaga	properNoun	nor
Ruth Reeses plass	properNoun	swe	Ruth Reeses plass	properNoun	nor
Ruths vei	properNoun	swe	Ruths vei	properNoun	nor
Ryenbergveien	properNoun	swe	Ryenbergveien	properNoun	nor
Ryenstubben	properNoun	swe	Ryenstubben	properNoun	nor
Ryensvingen	properNoun	swe	Ryensvingen	properNoun	nor
Ryes gate	properNoun	swe	Ryes gate	properNoun	nor
Ryes gate	properNoun	swe	Ryes gate	properNoun	nor
Ryggnes	properNoun	swe	Ryggnes	properNoun	nor
Ryghs vei	properNoun	swe	Ryghs vei	properNoun	nor
Rykkinnkroken	properNoun	swe	Rykkinnkroken	properNoun	nor
Rykkinnveien	properNoun	swe	Rykkinnveien	properNoun	nor
Ryllikveien	properNoun	swe	Ryllikveien	properNoun	nor
Rypevegen	properNoun	swe	Rypevegen	properNoun	nor
Rypeveien	properNoun	swe	Rypeveien	properNoun	nor
Rytterfaret	properNoun	swe	Rytterfaret	properNoun	nor
Ræling	properNoun	swe	Ræling	properNoun	nor
Røahagan	properNoun	swe	Røahagan	properNoun	nor
Røahellinga	properNoun	swe	Røahellinga	properNoun	nor
Røaknekken	properNoun	swe	Røaknekken	properNoun	nor
Røa terrasse	properNoun	swe	Røa terrasse	properNoun	nor
Røatoppen	properNoun	swe	Røatoppen	properNoun	nor
Røaveien	properNoun	swe	Røaveien	properNoun	nor
Rødbergveien	properNoun	swe	Rødbergveien	properNoun	nor
Rødbråtbakken	properNoun	swe	Rødbråtbakken	properNoun	nor
Rødfyllgata	properNoun	swe	Rødfyllgata	properNoun	nor
Rødhammer	properNoun	swe	Rødhammer	properNoun	nor
Rødhetteveien	properNoun	swe	Rødhetteveien	properNoun	nor
Rødkleivfaret	properNoun	swe	Rødkleivfaret	properNoun	nor
Rødlia	properNoun	swe	Rødlia	properNoun	nor
Rødshella	properNoun	swe	Rødshella	properNoun	nor
Rødskiferveien	properNoun	swe	Rødskiferveien	properNoun	nor
Rødskrubben	properNoun	swe	Rødskrubben	properNoun	nor
Rødslia	properNoun	swe	Rødslia	properNoun	nor
Rødsteinveien	properNoun	swe	Rødsteinveien	properNoun	nor
Rødstrupevegen	properNoun	swe	Rødstrupevegen	properNoun	nor
Rødstuveien	properNoun	swe	Rødstuveien	properNoun	nor
Rødsveien	properNoun	swe	Rødsveien	properNoun	nor
Rødsåsen	properNoun	swe	Rødsåsen	properNoun	nor
Rødtvetkroken	properNoun	swe	Rødtvetkroken	properNoun	nor
Rødtvetveien	properNoun	swe	Rødtvetveien	properNoun	nor
Røhrts vei	properNoun	swe	Røhrts vei	properNoun	nor
Røkkums vei	properNoun	swe	Røkkums vei	properNoun	nor
Røkaasløkka	properNoun	swe	Røkaasløkka	properNoun	nor
Rømckes vei	properNoun	swe	Rømckes vei	properNoun	nor
Rønholtveien	properNoun	swe	Rønholtveien	properNoun	nor
Rønningane	properNoun	swe	Rønningane	properNoun	nor
Rønningen Heia	properNoun	swe	Rønningen Heia	properNoun	nor
Rønningen Lia	properNoun	swe	Rønningen Lia	properNoun	nor
Rønninglia	properNoun	swe	Rønninglia	properNoun	nor
Rønningmyra	properNoun	swe	Rønningmyra	properNoun	nor
Rønningveien	properNoun	swe	Rønningveien	properNoun	nor
Rønnsbakken	properNoun	swe	Rønnsbakken	properNoun	nor
Rørgata	properNoun	swe	Rørgata	properNoun	nor
Rørholtveien	properNoun	swe	Rørholtveien	properNoun	nor
Rørkollgrenda	properNoun	swe	Rørkollgrenda	properNoun	nor
Rørkollveien	properNoun	swe	Rørkollveien	properNoun	nor
Rørvikveien	properNoun	swe	Rørvikveien	properNoun	nor
Rørvikåsen	properNoun	swe	Rørvikåsen	properNoun	nor
Røråsveien	properNoun	swe	Røråsveien	properNoun	nor
Røslyngveien	properNoun	swe	Røslyngveien	properNoun	nor
Røssern	properNoun	swe	Røssern	properNoun	nor
Røsslandsås	properNoun	swe	Røsslandsås	properNoun	nor
Røsslyngveien	properNoun	swe	Røsslyngveien	properNoun	nor
Røverstien	properNoun	swe	Røverstien	properNoun	nor
Røynevarden	properNoun	swe	Røynevarden	properNoun	nor
Røyra	properNoun	swe	Røyra	properNoun	nor
Røyrdal	properNoun	swe	Røyrdal	properNoun	nor
Røysebekkveien	properNoun	swe	Røysebekkveien	properNoun	nor
Røyseløkka	properNoun	swe	Røyseløkka	properNoun	nor
Røyskattlia	properNoun	swe	Røyskattlia	properNoun	nor
Røyskattsvingen	properNoun	swe	Røyskattsvingen	properNoun	nor
Rådhusbakken	properNoun	swe	Rådhusbakken	properNoun	nor
Rådhusgata	properNoun	swe	Rådhusgata	properNoun	nor
Rådhusgaten	properNoun	swe	Rådhusgaten	properNoun	nor
Rådhusveien	properNoun	swe	Rådhusveien	properNoun	nor
Rådmann Friis vei	properNoun	swe	Rådmann Friis vei	properNoun	nor
Rådmann Ottesens vei	properNoun	swe	Rådmann Ottesens vei	properNoun	nor
Rådm. Halmrasts vei	properNoun	swe	Rådm. Halmrasts vei	properNoun	nor
Rådstuplassen	properNoun	swe	Rådstuplassen	properNoun	nor
Rådyrfaret	properNoun	swe	Rådyrfaret	properNoun	nor
Rådyrlia	properNoun	swe	Rådyrlia	properNoun	nor
Rådyrstien	properNoun	swe	Rådyrstien	properNoun	nor
Rådyrvegen	properNoun	swe	Rådyrvegen	properNoun	nor
Rådyrveien	properNoun	swe	Rådyrveien	properNoun	nor
Råket	properNoun	swe	Råket	properNoun	nor
Råkhaugvegen	properNoun	swe	Råkhaugvegen	properNoun	nor
Råstadlia	properNoun	swe	Råstadlia	properNoun	nor
Råstadveien	properNoun	swe	Råstadveien	properNoun	nor
Råtræet	properNoun	swe	Råtræet	properNoun	nor
Råtun	properNoun	swe	Råtun	properNoun	nor
Råvarden	properNoun	swe	Råvarden	properNoun	nor
Safirveien	properNoun	swe	Safirveien	properNoun	nor
Sagadammen	properNoun	swe	Sagadammen	properNoun	nor
Sagastien	properNoun	swe	Sagastien	properNoun	nor
Sagaveien	properNoun	swe	Sagaveien	properNoun	nor
Sagbakken	properNoun	swe	Sagbakken	properNoun	nor
Sagbruksveien	properNoun	swe	Sagbruksveien	properNoun	nor
Sageneset	properNoun	swe	Sageneset	properNoun	nor
Saggrendabakkene	properNoun	swe	Saggrendabakkene	properNoun	nor
Sagmyra	properNoun	swe	Sagmyra	properNoun	nor
Sagringen	properNoun	swe	Sagringen	properNoun	nor
Sagstadvegen	properNoun	swe	Sagstadvegen	properNoun	nor
Sagstadvika	properNoun	swe	Sagstadvika	properNoun	nor
Sagstukroken	properNoun	swe	Sagstukroken	properNoun	nor
Sagstuveien	properNoun	swe	Sagstuveien	properNoun	nor
Sagtomtveien	properNoun	swe	Sagtomtveien	properNoun	nor
Sagveien	properNoun	swe	Sagveien	properNoun	nor
Sagvoldveien	properNoun	swe	Sagvoldveien	properNoun	nor
Sakariasveien	properNoun	swe	Sakariasveien	properNoun	nor
Sakkerhusveien	properNoun	swe	Sakkerhusveien	properNoun	nor
Saksarhaugen	properNoun	swe	Saksarhaugen	properNoun	nor
Saksarlia	properNoun	swe	Saksarlia	properNoun	nor
Saksarrinden	properNoun	swe	Saksarrinden	properNoun	nor
Salendammen	properNoun	swe	Salendammen	properNoun	nor
Salenkroken	properNoun	swe	Salenkroken	properNoun	nor
Salenveien	properNoun	swe	Salenveien	properNoun	nor
Salhuslia	properNoun	swe	Salhuslia	properNoun	nor
Salhussvingen	properNoun	swe	Salhussvingen	properNoun	nor
Salhusvegen	properNoun	swe	Salhusvegen	properNoun	nor
Salmakerløkka	properNoun	swe	Salmakerløkka	properNoun	nor
Salm. Marius Jantzens plass	properNoun	swe	Salm. Marius Jantzens plass	properNoun	nor
Saltkoppgata	properNoun	swe	Saltkoppgata	properNoun	nor
Saltverksgaten	properNoun	swe	Saltverksgaten	properNoun	nor
Sam Eydes vei	properNoun	swe	Sam Eydes vei	properNoun	nor
Samfunnsgata	properNoun	swe	Samfunnsgata	properNoun	nor
Samvirkeveien	properNoun	swe	Samvirkeveien	properNoun	nor
Sanatoriebakken	properNoun	swe	Sanatoriebakken	properNoun	nor
Sandakerveien	properNoun	swe	Sandakerveien	properNoun	nor
Sandar herredshus	properNoun	swe	Sandar herredshus	properNoun	nor
Sandarveien	properNoun	swe	Sandarveien	properNoun	nor
Sandbakkelva	properNoun	swe	Sandbakkelva	properNoun	nor
Sandbrekketoppen	properNoun	swe	Sandbrekketoppen	properNoun	nor
Sandbrekkeveien	properNoun	swe	Sandbrekkeveien	properNoun	nor
Sandbrogaten	properNoun	swe	Sandbrogaten	properNoun	nor
Sandbunnveien	properNoun	swe	Sandbunnveien	properNoun	nor
Sanddalsbotn	properNoun	swe	Sanddalsbotn	properNoun	nor
Sanddalskollen	properNoun	swe	Sanddalskollen	properNoun	nor
Sanddalsringen	properNoun	swe	Sanddalsringen	properNoun	nor
Sanddalsveien	properNoun	swe	Sanddalsveien	properNoun	nor
Sanddalsåsen	properNoun	swe	Sanddalsåsen	properNoun	nor
Sandefjordgata	properNoun	swe	Sandefjordgata	properNoun	nor
Sandefjordgaten	properNoun	swe	Sandefjordgaten	properNoun	nor
Sandefjordsveien	properNoun	swe	Sandefjordsveien	properNoun	nor
Sandeidbrotet	properNoun	swe	Sandeidbrotet	properNoun	nor
Sandermosveien	properNoun	swe	Sandermosveien	properNoun	nor
Sandeveien	properNoun	swe	Sandeveien	properNoun	nor
Sandholmen	properNoun	swe	Sandholmen	properNoun	nor
Sandkollveien	properNoun	swe	Sandkollveien	properNoun	nor
Sandlivegen	properNoun	swe	Sandlivegen	properNoun	nor
Sandodd	properNoun	swe	Sandodd	properNoun	nor
Sandoddveien	properNoun	swe	Sandoddveien	properNoun	nor
Sandsbakkene	properNoun	swe	Sandsbakkene	properNoun	nor
Sandslibakken	properNoun	swe	Sandslibakken	properNoun	nor
Sandslihaugen	properNoun	swe	Sandslihaugen	properNoun	nor
Sandsliheiane	properNoun	swe	Sandsliheiane	properNoun	nor
Sandslihovden	properNoun	swe	Sandslihovden	properNoun	nor
Sandslikroken	properNoun	swe	Sandslikroken	properNoun	nor
Sandslimarka	properNoun	swe	Sandslimarka	properNoun	nor
Sandslivegen	properNoun	swe	Sandslivegen	properNoun	nor
Sandsliåsen	properNoun	swe	Sandsliåsen	properNoun	nor
Sandsstien	properNoun	swe	Sandsstien	properNoun	nor
Sandstuveien	properNoun	swe	Sandstuveien	properNoun	nor
Sandsveien	properNoun	swe	Sandsveien	properNoun	nor
Sandsværveien	properNoun	swe	Sandsværveien	properNoun	nor
Sandtakveien	properNoun	swe	Sandtakveien	properNoun	nor
Sandvegen	properNoun	swe	Sandvegen	properNoun	nor
Sandveien	properNoun	swe	Sandveien	properNoun	nor
Sandven Hageby	properNoun	swe	Sandven Hageby	properNoun	nor
Sandvik	properNoun	swe	Sandvik	properNoun	nor
Sandvikens Tor gate	properNoun	swe	Sandvikens Tor gate	properNoun	nor
Sandviksbodene	properNoun	swe	Sandviksbodene	properNoun	nor
Sandviksleitet	properNoun	swe	Sandviksleitet	properNoun	nor
Sandvikslien	properNoun	swe	Sandvikslien	properNoun	nor
Sandviksstranden	properNoun	swe	Sandviksstranden	properNoun	nor
Sandvikstorget	properNoun	swe	Sandvikstorget	properNoun	nor
Sandviksveien	properNoun	swe	Sandviksveien	properNoun	nor
Sandviksås	properNoun	swe	Sandviksås	properNoun	nor
Sandåsveien	properNoun	swe	Sandåsveien	properNoun	nor
Sankerveien	properNoun	swe	Sankerveien	properNoun	nor
Sannergata	properNoun	swe	Sannergata	properNoun	nor
Sannerholt	properNoun	swe	Sannerholt	properNoun	nor
Sarabråtveien	properNoun	swe	Sarabråtveien	properNoun	nor
Sarbuvollveien	properNoun	swe	Sarbuvollveien	properNoun	nor
Sarnes	properNoun	swe	Sarnes	properNoun	nor
Sarpsborggata	properNoun	swe	Sarpsborggata	properNoun	nor
Sars' gate	properNoun	swe	Sars' gate	properNoun	nor
Sartz gate	properNoun	swe	Sartz gate	properNoun	nor
Saturnus vei	properNoun	swe	Saturnus vei	properNoun	nor
Saturnvegen	properNoun	swe	Saturnvegen	properNoun	nor
Saturnveien	properNoun	swe	Saturnveien	properNoun	nor
Saudalen	properNoun	swe	Saudalen	properNoun	nor
Saudalskleivane	properNoun	swe	Saudalskleivane	properNoun	nor
Saueholmen	properNoun	swe	Saueholmen	properNoun	nor
Sauråsbakken	properNoun	swe	Sauråsbakken	properNoun	nor
Sauås	properNoun	swe	Sauås	properNoun	nor
Saxegaardsgata	properNoun	swe	Saxegaardsgata	properNoun	nor
Saxilds gate	properNoun	swe	Saxilds gate	properNoun	nor
Schaftegata	properNoun	swe	Schaftegata	properNoun	nor
Schanches gate	properNoun	swe	Schanches gate	properNoun	nor
Schandorffs plass	properNoun	swe	Schandorffs plass	properNoun	nor
Scheidemannshaugen	properNoun	swe	Scheidemannshaugen	properNoun	nor
Schives gate	properNoun	swe	Schives gate	properNoun	nor
Schiøtts vei	properNoun	swe	Schiøtts vei	properNoun	nor
Schjongs gate	properNoun	swe	Schjongs gate	properNoun	nor
Schlanbusch vei	properNoun	swe	Schlanbusch vei	properNoun	nor
Schleppegrells gate	properNoun	swe	Schleppegrells gate	properNoun	nor
Schous plass	properNoun	swe	Schous plass	properNoun	nor
Schouterrassen	properNoun	swe	Schouterrassen	properNoun	nor
Schrøeters gate	properNoun	swe	Schrøeters gate	properNoun	nor
Schultzes gate	properNoun	swe	Schultzes gate	properNoun	nor
Schultz' gate	properNoun	swe	Schultz' gate	properNoun	nor
Schwabes gate	properNoun	swe	Schwabes gate	properNoun	nor
Schwachs gate	properNoun	swe	Schwachs gate	properNoun	nor
Schweigaards gate	properNoun	swe	Schweigaards gate	properNoun	nor
Schweigårds vei	properNoun	swe	Schweigårds vei	properNoun	nor
Schwensens gate	properNoun	swe	Schwensens gate	properNoun	nor
Schübelers gate	properNoun	swe	Schübelers gate	properNoun	nor
Schæffers gate	properNoun	swe	Schæffers gate	properNoun	nor
Schønings gate	properNoun	swe	Schønings gate	properNoun	nor
Seebergs gate	properNoun	swe	Seebergs gate	properNoun	nor
Segla	properNoun	swe	Segla	properNoun	nor
Sehesteds gate	properNoun	swe	Sehesteds gate	properNoun	nor
Seiersbjerget	properNoun	swe	Seiersbjerget	properNoun	nor
Seilduksgata	properNoun	swe	Seilduksgata	properNoun	nor
Seilerholmen	properNoun	swe	Seilerholmen	properNoun	nor
Seimsheia	properNoun	swe	Seimsheia	properNoun	nor
Seimshovden	properNoun	swe	Seimshovden	properNoun	nor
Seimskleiva	properNoun	swe	Seimskleiva	properNoun	nor
Seimsleitet	properNoun	swe	Seimsleitet	properNoun	nor
Seimslia	properNoun	swe	Seimslia	properNoun	nor
Seimsvegen	properNoun	swe	Seimsvegen	properNoun	nor
Seivikveien	properNoun	swe	Seivikveien	properNoun	nor
Sekkegaten	properNoun	swe	Sekkegaten	properNoun	nor
Selbjørnsfjord	properNoun	swe	Selbjørnsfjord	properNoun	nor
Seljebakken	properNoun	swe	Seljebakken	properNoun	nor
Seljebergan	properNoun	swe	Seljebergan	properNoun	nor
Seljefløyten	properNoun	swe	Seljefløyten	properNoun	nor
Seljehalsen	properNoun	swe	Seljehalsen	properNoun	nor
Seljeholtet	properNoun	swe	Seljeholtet	properNoun	nor
Seljestad	properNoun	swe	Seljestad	properNoun	nor
Seljesvingen	properNoun	swe	Seljesvingen	properNoun	nor
Seljevegen	properNoun	swe	Seljevegen	properNoun	nor
Seljeveien	properNoun	swe	Seljeveien	properNoun	nor
Seljevik	properNoun	swe	Seljevik	properNoun	nor
Selma Ellefsens vei	properNoun	swe	Selma Ellefsens vei	properNoun	nor
Selvbyggerveien	properNoun	swe	Selvbyggerveien	properNoun	nor
Selvik	properNoun	swe	Selvik	properNoun	nor
Selvikveien	properNoun	swe	Selvikveien	properNoun	nor
Selvåg	properNoun	swe	Selvåg	properNoun	nor
Semsbakken	properNoun	swe	Semsbakken	properNoun	nor
Semsbyveien	properNoun	swe	Semsbyveien	properNoun	nor
Semslinna	properNoun	swe	Semslinna	properNoun	nor
Sem Sælands vei	properNoun	swe	Sem Sælands vei	properNoun	nor
Senholmen	properNoun	swe	Senholmen	properNoun	nor
Senterveien	properNoun	swe	Senterveien	properNoun	nor
Sentrumsveien	properNoun	swe	Sentrumsveien	properNoun	nor
Seterbråtveien	properNoun	swe	Seterbråtveien	properNoun	nor
Seterhøybakken	properNoun	swe	Seterhøybakken	properNoun	nor
Seterhøyveien	properNoun	swe	Seterhøyveien	properNoun	nor
Seterliveien	properNoun	swe	Seterliveien	properNoun	nor
Seterstuveien	properNoun	swe	Seterstuveien	properNoun	nor
Seterveien	properNoun	swe	Seterveien	properNoun	nor
Setervollveien	properNoun	swe	Setervollveien	properNoun	nor
Sethøyen	properNoun	swe	Sethøyen	properNoun	nor
Setra vei	properNoun	swe	Setra vei	properNoun	nor
Severines veg	properNoun	swe	Severines veg	properNoun	nor
Severin Kjærs vei	properNoun	swe	Severin Kjærs vei	properNoun	nor
Sevjeveien	properNoun	swe	Sevjeveien	properNoun	nor
Sexes gate	properNoun	swe	Sexes gate	properNoun	nor
Shetlandsgata	properNoun	swe	Shetlandsgata	properNoun	nor
Shetlands-Larsens brygge	properNoun	swe	Shetlands-Larsens brygge	properNoun	nor
S.H. Lundhs vei	properNoun	swe	S.H. Lundhs vei	properNoun	nor
Sibberns gate	properNoun	swe	Sibberns gate	properNoun	nor
Sidensvansen	properNoun	swe	Sidensvansen	properNoun	nor
Sidsel Sidsærks vei	properNoun	swe	Sidsel Sidsærks vei	properNoun	nor
Sidsels vei	properNoun	swe	Sidsels vei	properNoun	nor
Siebkes gate	properNoun	swe	Siebkes gate	properNoun	nor
Sigbjørn Obstfelders vei	properNoun	swe	Sigbjørn Obstfelders vei	properNoun	nor
Sigden	properNoun	swe	Sigden	properNoun	nor
Siggeruds gate	properNoun	swe	Siggeruds gate	properNoun	nor
Siggerudveien	properNoun	swe	Siggerudveien	properNoun	nor
Sigmund Ruuds vei	properNoun	swe	Sigmund Ruuds vei	properNoun	nor
Signe Nesbakkens vei	properNoun	swe	Signe Nesbakkens vei	properNoun	nor
Signes vei	properNoun	swe	Signes vei	properNoun	nor
Sigrid Undsets vei	properNoun	swe	Sigrid Undsets vei	properNoun	nor
Sigurd A. Danielsens vei	properNoun	swe	Sigurd A. Danielsens vei	properNoun	nor
Sigurd Astrups vei	properNoun	swe	Sigurd Astrups vei	properNoun	nor
Sigurd Evangs veg	properNoun	swe	Sigurd Evangs veg	properNoun	nor
Sigurd Hoels vei	properNoun	swe	Sigurd Hoels vei	properNoun	nor
Sigurd Iversens vei	properNoun	swe	Sigurd Iversens vei	properNoun	nor
Sigurd Jarls vei	properNoun	swe	Sigurd Jarls vei	properNoun	nor
Sigurd Johannesens vei	properNoun	swe	Sigurd Johannesens vei	properNoun	nor
Sigurd Lies gate	properNoun	swe	Sigurd Lies gate	properNoun	nor
Sigurds gate	properNoun	swe	Sigurds gate	properNoun	nor
Sigurds gate	properNoun	swe	Sigurds gate	properNoun	nor
Sigurd Simensens veg	properNoun	swe	Sigurd Simensens veg	properNoun	nor
Sigurd Solheims veg	properNoun	swe	Sigurd Solheims veg	properNoun	nor
Sigurd Syrs gate	properNoun	swe	Sigurd Syrs gate	properNoun	nor
Sigurd Weisæths vei	properNoun	swe	Sigurd Weisæths vei	properNoun	nor
Sigyns gate	properNoun	swe	Sigyns gate	properNoun	nor
Sigyns vei	properNoun	swe	Sigyns vei	properNoun	nor
Sikaveien	properNoun	swe	Sikaveien	properNoun	nor
Siksakveien	properNoun	swe	Siksakveien	properNoun	nor
Siktepunktet	properNoun	swe	Siktepunktet	properNoun	nor
Sikthaugen	properNoun	swe	Sikthaugen	properNoun	nor
Sikthaugen terrasse	properNoun	swe	Sikthaugen terrasse	properNoun	nor
Sildaberget	properNoun	swe	Sildaberget	properNoun	nor
Sildafjell	properNoun	swe	Sildafjell	properNoun	nor
Sildeberget	properNoun	swe	Sildeberget	properNoun	nor
Sildreveien	properNoun	swe	Sildreveien	properNoun	nor
Sildstimen	properNoun	swe	Sildstimen	properNoun	nor
Siljanbukta	properNoun	swe	Siljanbukta	properNoun	nor
Siljustølvegen	properNoun	swe	Siljustølvegen	properNoun	nor
Sillåsen	properNoun	swe	Sillåsen	properNoun	nor
Siloveien	properNoun	swe	Siloveien	properNoun	nor
Silurveien	properNoun	swe	Silurveien	properNoun	nor
Simensbrekka	properNoun	swe	Simensbrekka	properNoun	nor
Simensbråtveien	properNoun	swe	Simensbråtveien	properNoun	nor
Simleveien	properNoun	swe	Simleveien	properNoun	nor
Simon Darres vei	properNoun	swe	Simon Darres vei	properNoun	nor
Sineset	properNoun	swe	Sineset	properNoun	nor
Singasteinveien	properNoun	swe	Singasteinveien	properNoun	nor
Singelvegen	properNoun	swe	Singelvegen	properNoun	nor
Sinsenterrassen	properNoun	swe	Sinsenterrassen	properNoun	nor
Sinsenveien	properNoun	swe	Sinsenveien	properNoun	nor
Sirilia	properNoun	swe	Sirilia	properNoun	nor
Siriusvegen	properNoun	swe	Siriusvegen	properNoun	nor
Siriusveien	properNoun	swe	Siriusveien	properNoun	nor
Sisikveien	properNoun	swe	Sisikveien	properNoun	nor
Sivle	properNoun	swe	Sivle	properNoun	nor
Sivles gate	properNoun	swe	Sivles gate	properNoun	nor
Sivsvei	properNoun	swe	Sivsvei	properNoun	nor
Sivs vei	properNoun	swe	Sivs vei	properNoun	nor
Sivveien	properNoun	swe	Sivveien	properNoun	nor
Sjeseveien	properNoun	swe	Sjeseveien	properNoun	nor
Sjuestokkstranda	properNoun	swe	Sjuestokkstranda	properNoun	nor
Sjuestokktoppen	properNoun	swe	Sjuestokktoppen	properNoun	nor
Sjuestokkveien	properNoun	swe	Sjuestokkveien	properNoun	nor
Sjuestokkåsen	properNoun	swe	Sjuestokkåsen	properNoun	nor
Sjueveien	properNoun	swe	Sjueveien	properNoun	nor
Sjursvikveien	properNoun	swe	Sjursvikveien	properNoun	nor
Sjursøya	properNoun	swe	Sjursøya	properNoun	nor
Sjuveengveien	properNoun	swe	Sjuveengveien	properNoun	nor
Sjuveengåsen	properNoun	swe	Sjuveengåsen	properNoun	nor
Sjuvekroken	properNoun	swe	Sjuvekroken	properNoun	nor
Sjyveien	properNoun	swe	Sjyveien	properNoun	nor
Sjøbakken	properNoun	swe	Sjøbakken	properNoun	nor
Sjøbakkveien	properNoun	swe	Sjøbakkveien	properNoun	nor
Sjøberget	properNoun	swe	Sjøberget	properNoun	nor
Sjøbrekken	properNoun	swe	Sjøbrekken	properNoun	nor
Sjøbris	properNoun	swe	Sjøbris	properNoun	nor
Sjøbrotet	properNoun	swe	Sjøbrotet	properNoun	nor
Sjøbu	properNoun	swe	Sjøbu	properNoun	nor
Sjøgangen	properNoun	swe	Sjøgangen	properNoun	nor
Sjøgata	properNoun	swe	Sjøgata	properNoun	nor
Sjøgaten	properNoun	swe	Sjøgaten	properNoun	nor
Sjøgressveien	properNoun	swe	Sjøgressveien	properNoun	nor
Sjøkrigsskoleveien	properNoun	swe	Sjøkrigsskoleveien	properNoun	nor
Sjølundveien	properNoun	swe	Sjølundveien	properNoun	nor
Sjølyst plass	properNoun	swe	Sjølyst plass	properNoun	nor
Sjølystveien	properNoun	swe	Sjølystveien	properNoun	nor
Sjømannsgata	properNoun	swe	Sjømannsgata	properNoun	nor
Sjøormporten	properNoun	swe	Sjøormporten	properNoun	nor
Sjøstrand	properNoun	swe	Sjøstrand	properNoun	nor
Sjøveien	properNoun	swe	Sjøveien	properNoun	nor
Skaberud	properNoun	swe	Skaberud	properNoun	nor
Skabosvei	properNoun	swe	Skabosvei	properNoun	nor
Skabos vei	properNoun	swe	Skabos vei	properNoun	nor
Skaffarmyrane	properNoun	swe	Skaffarmyrane	properNoun	nor
Skafonn	properNoun	swe	Skafonn	properNoun	nor
Skagetjernvegen	properNoun	swe	Skagetjernvegen	properNoun	nor
Skagevegen	properNoun	swe	Skagevegen	properNoun	nor
Skahammar	properNoun	swe	Skahammar	properNoun	nor
Skaktostien	properNoun	swe	Skaktostien	properNoun	nor
Skallevoldveien	properNoun	swe	Skallevoldveien	properNoun	nor
Skansebakken	properNoun	swe	Skansebakken	properNoun	nor
Skansegaten	properNoun	swe	Skansegaten	properNoun	nor
Skanselien	properNoun	swe	Skanselien	properNoun	nor
Skansemyrsveien	properNoun	swe	Skansemyrsveien	properNoun	nor
Skansen	properNoun	swe	Skansen	properNoun	nor
Skansen terrasse	properNoun	swe	Skansen terrasse	properNoun	nor
Skansenveien	properNoun	swe	Skansenveien	properNoun	nor
Skansestien	properNoun	swe	Skansestien	properNoun	nor
Skanseveien	properNoun	swe	Skanseveien	properNoun	nor
Skappels vei	properNoun	swe	Skappels vei	properNoun	nor
Skaralia	properNoun	swe	Skaralia	properNoun	nor
Skarefjellet	properNoun	swe	Skarefjellet	properNoun	nor
Skarehaugene	properNoun	swe	Skarehaugene	properNoun	nor
Skarelien	properNoun	swe	Skarelien	properNoun	nor
Skaretoppen	properNoun	swe	Skaretoppen	properNoun	nor
Skareveien	properNoun	swe	Skareveien	properNoun	nor
Skarpeborgeveien	properNoun	swe	Skarpeborgeveien	properNoun	nor
Skarpenordveien	properNoun	swe	Skarpenordveien	properNoun	nor
Skarpsnogata	properNoun	swe	Skarpsnogata	properNoun	nor
Skarpåsveien	properNoun	swe	Skarpåsveien	properNoun	nor
Skarskroken	properNoun	swe	Skarskroken	properNoun	nor
Skarsvikaveien	properNoun	swe	Skarsvikaveien	properNoun	nor
Skarvabjørg	properNoun	swe	Skarvabjørg	properNoun	nor
Skarvaveien	properNoun	swe	Skarvaveien	properNoun	nor
Skatestraum	properNoun	swe	Skatestraum	properNoun	nor
Skatvedtveien	properNoun	swe	Skatvedtveien	properNoun	nor
Skaujordveien	properNoun	swe	Skaujordveien	properNoun	nor
Skausnaret	properNoun	swe	Skausnaret	properNoun	nor
Skaustranda	properNoun	swe	Skaustranda	properNoun	nor
Skaustuløkka	properNoun	swe	Skaustuløkka	properNoun	nor
Skaustuveien	properNoun	swe	Skaustuveien	properNoun	nor
Skautaleitet	properNoun	swe	Skautaleitet	properNoun	nor
Skauveien	properNoun	swe	Skauveien	properNoun	nor
Skavangerveien	properNoun	swe	Skavangerveien	properNoun	nor
Skavikveien	properNoun	swe	Skavikveien	properNoun	nor
Skedsmogata	properNoun	swe	Skedsmogata	properNoun	nor
Skeielia	properNoun	swe	Skeielia	properNoun	nor
Skeievegen	properNoun	swe	Skeievegen	properNoun	nor
Skibakkeveien	properNoun	swe	Skibakkeveien	properNoun	nor
Skiensgata	properNoun	swe	Skiensgata	properNoun	nor
Skiferlia	properNoun	swe	Skiferlia	properNoun	nor
Skifervegen	properNoun	swe	Skifervegen	properNoun	nor
Skiferveien	properNoun	swe	Skiferveien	properNoun	nor
Skigardveien	properNoun	swe	Skigardveien	properNoun	nor
Skillebekk	properNoun	swe	Skillebekk	properNoun	nor
Skinnarberga	properNoun	swe	Skinnarberga	properNoun	nor
Skinnerbakken	properNoun	swe	Skinnerbakken	properNoun	nor
Skipanesvegen	properNoun	swe	Skipanesvegen	properNoun	nor
Skiparviklien	properNoun	swe	Skiparviklien	properNoun	nor
Skiphamn	properNoun	swe	Skiphamn	properNoun	nor
Skippergata	properNoun	swe	Skippergata	properNoun	nor
Skippergaten	properNoun	swe	Skippergaten	properNoun	nor
Skipperstien	properNoun	swe	Skipperstien	properNoun	nor
Skipperveien	properNoun	swe	Skipperveien	properNoun	nor
Skiringsalgaten	properNoun	swe	Skiringsalgaten	properNoun	nor
Skiringsalsgata	properNoun	swe	Skiringsalsgata	properNoun	nor
Skiringssalveien	properNoun	swe	Skiringssalveien	properNoun	nor
Skistuvegen	properNoun	swe	Skistuvegen	properNoun	nor
Skitrot	properNoun	swe	Skitrot	properNoun	nor
Skivebakken	properNoun	swe	Skivebakken	properNoun	nor
Skjeggerødtoppen	properNoun	swe	Skjeggerødtoppen	properNoun	nor
Skjeggerødtunet	properNoun	swe	Skjeggerødtunet	properNoun	nor
Skjeggerødveien	properNoun	swe	Skjeggerødveien	properNoun	nor
Skjegghammar	properNoun	swe	Skjegghammar	properNoun	nor
Skjelbredveien	properNoun	swe	Skjelbredveien	properNoun	nor
Skjelderups gate	properNoun	swe	Skjelderups gate	properNoun	nor
Skjellandveien	properNoun	swe	Skjellandveien	properNoun	nor
Skjellsbakkveien	properNoun	swe	Skjellsbakkveien	properNoun	nor
Skjellveien	properNoun	swe	Skjellveien	properNoun	nor
Skjellvikastien	properNoun	swe	Skjellvikastien	properNoun	nor
Skjellvikaveien	properNoun	swe	Skjellvikaveien	properNoun	nor
Skjenbrekken	properNoun	swe	Skjenbrekken	properNoun	nor
Skjeneviksveien	properNoun	swe	Skjeneviksveien	properNoun	nor
Skjenlien	properNoun	swe	Skjenlien	properNoun	nor
Skjentoppen	properNoun	swe	Skjentoppen	properNoun	nor
Skjerkøyveien	properNoun	swe	Skjerkøyveien	properNoun	nor
Skjerpveien	properNoun	swe	Skjerpveien	properNoun	nor
Skjerstadveien	properNoun	swe	Skjerstadveien	properNoun	nor
Skjoldavik	properNoun	swe	Skjoldavik	properNoun	nor
Skjoldberg	properNoun	swe	Skjoldberg	properNoun	nor
Skjolddalen	properNoun	swe	Skjolddalen	properNoun	nor
Skjolden	properNoun	swe	Skjolden	properNoun	nor
Skjoldgata	properNoun	swe	Skjoldgata	properNoun	nor
Skjoldhøyden	properNoun	swe	Skjoldhøyden	properNoun	nor
Skjoldlien	properNoun	swe	Skjoldlien	properNoun	nor
Skjoldneslokket	properNoun	swe	Skjoldneslokket	properNoun	nor
Skjoldstølen	properNoun	swe	Skjoldstølen	properNoun	nor
Skjoldtræet	properNoun	swe	Skjoldtræet	properNoun	nor
Skjoldveien	properNoun	swe	Skjoldveien	properNoun	nor
Skjærsnesveien	properNoun	swe	Skjærsnesveien	properNoun	nor
Skjærvaveien	properNoun	swe	Skjærvaveien	properNoun	nor
Skjønnhaugveien	properNoun	swe	Skjønnhaugveien	properNoun	nor
Skodjestraum	properNoun	swe	Skodjestraum	properNoun	nor
Skodjevågen	properNoun	swe	Skodjevågen	properNoun	nor
Skogbakken	properNoun	swe	Skogbakken	properNoun	nor
Skogbrynet	properNoun	swe	Skogbrynet	properNoun	nor
Skogenbuen	properNoun	swe	Skogenbuen	properNoun	nor
Skogergaten	properNoun	swe	Skogergaten	properNoun	nor
Skogfaret	properNoun	swe	Skogfaret	properNoun	nor
Skogholtveien	properNoun	swe	Skogholtveien	properNoun	nor
Skoglia	properNoun	swe	Skoglia	properNoun	nor
Skoglien	properNoun	swe	Skoglien	properNoun	nor
Skogliveien	properNoun	swe	Skogliveien	properNoun	nor
Skoglundlia	properNoun	swe	Skoglundlia	properNoun	nor
Skoglundstien	properNoun	swe	Skoglundstien	properNoun	nor
Skoglundveien	properNoun	swe	Skoglundveien	properNoun	nor
Skoglyveien	properNoun	swe	Skoglyveien	properNoun	nor
Skognesholmen	properNoun	swe	Skognesholmen	properNoun	nor
Skogridderveien	properNoun	swe	Skogridderveien	properNoun	nor
Skogroveien	properNoun	swe	Skogroveien	properNoun	nor
Skogryggveien	properNoun	swe	Skogryggveien	properNoun	nor
Skogsmølleveien	properNoun	swe	Skogsmølleveien	properNoun	nor
Skogsnaret	properNoun	swe	Skogsnaret	properNoun	nor
Skogsnipeveien	properNoun	swe	Skogsnipeveien	properNoun	nor
Skogstadlia	properNoun	swe	Skogstadlia	properNoun	nor
Skogstadveien	properNoun	swe	Skogstadveien	properNoun	nor
Skogstien	properNoun	swe	Skogstien	properNoun	nor
Skogstjerna	properNoun	swe	Skogstjerna	properNoun	nor
Skogstuveien	properNoun	swe	Skogstuveien	properNoun	nor
Skogsvingen	properNoun	swe	Skogsvingen	properNoun	nor
Skogtunet	properNoun	swe	Skogtunet	properNoun	nor
Skoguls vei	properNoun	swe	Skoguls vei	properNoun	nor
Skogvegen	properNoun	swe	Skogvegen	properNoun	nor
Skogveien	properNoun	swe	Skogveien	properNoun	nor
Skogvollveien	properNoun	swe	Skogvollveien	properNoun	nor
Skolebakken	properNoun	swe	Skolebakken	properNoun	nor
Skolebroveien	properNoun	swe	Skolebroveien	properNoun	nor
Skolegangen	properNoun	swe	Skolegangen	properNoun	nor
Skolegata	properNoun	swe	Skolegata	properNoun	nor
Skolegaten	properNoun	swe	Skolegaten	properNoun	nor
Skolemesteren	properNoun	swe	Skolemesteren	properNoun	nor
Skole-ringen	properNoun	swe	Skole-ringen	properNoun	nor
Skolestien	properNoun	swe	Skolestien	properNoun	nor
Skolestredet	properNoun	swe	Skolestredet	properNoun	nor
Skoleveien	properNoun	swe	Skoleveien	properNoun	nor
Skoleåsen	properNoun	swe	Skoleåsen	properNoun	nor
Skollenborgveien	properNoun	swe	Skollenborgveien	properNoun	nor
Skollerudenga	properNoun	swe	Skollerudenga	properNoun	nor
Skollerudveien	properNoun	swe	Skollerudveien	properNoun	nor
Skolmar	properNoun	swe	Skolmar	properNoun	nor
Skoltegrunnskaien	properNoun	swe	Skoltegrunnskaien	properNoun	nor
Skoltehaugen	properNoun	swe	Skoltehaugen	properNoun	nor
Skomværs vei	properNoun	swe	Skomværs vei	properNoun	nor
Skonnertgata	properNoun	swe	Skonnertgata	properNoun	nor
Skorgeveien	properNoun	swe	Skorgeveien	properNoun	nor
Skorpaveien	properNoun	swe	Skorpaveien	properNoun	nor
Skostredet	properNoun	swe	Skostredet	properNoun	nor
Skottegaten	properNoun	swe	Skottegaten	properNoun	nor
Skottesalen	properNoun	swe	Skottesalen	properNoun	nor
Skottet	properNoun	swe	Skottet	properNoun	nor
Skottåker	properNoun	swe	Skottåker	properNoun	nor
Skougaardsgate	properNoun	swe	Skougaardsgate	properNoun	nor
Skovlyveien	properNoun	swe	Skovlyveien	properNoun	nor
Skovveien	properNoun	swe	Skovveien	properNoun	nor
Skrabben	properNoun	swe	Skrabben	properNoun	nor
Skraneflaten	properNoun	swe	Skraneflaten	properNoun	nor
Skranelia	properNoun	swe	Skranelia	properNoun	nor
Skraneskogen	properNoun	swe	Skraneskogen	properNoun	nor
Skranevegen	properNoun	swe	Skranevegen	properNoun	nor
Skravestadbakken	properNoun	swe	Skravestadbakken	properNoun	nor
Skreddergata	properNoun	swe	Skreddergata	properNoun	nor
Skredli	properNoun	swe	Skredli	properNoun	nor
Skrenten	properNoun	swe	Skrenten	properNoun	nor
Skrimsletta	properNoun	swe	Skrimsletta	properNoun	nor
Skrimveien	properNoun	swe	Skrimveien	properNoun	nor
Skrivergaten	properNoun	swe	Skrivergaten	properNoun	nor
Skrivergården	properNoun	swe	Skrivergården	properNoun	nor
Skriverveien	properNoun	swe	Skriverveien	properNoun	nor
Skrubbmoen	properNoun	swe	Skrubbmoen	properNoun	nor
Skrøo	properNoun	swe	Skrøo	properNoun	nor
Skrøyvstad	properNoun	swe	Skrøyvstad	properNoun	nor
Skråninga	properNoun	swe	Skråninga	properNoun	nor
Skugge	properNoun	swe	Skugge	properNoun	nor
Skuggeberg	properNoun	swe	Skuggeberg	properNoun	nor
Skuiløkka	properNoun	swe	Skuiløkka	properNoun	nor
Skuiveien	properNoun	swe	Skuiveien	properNoun	nor
Skulds vei	properNoun	swe	Skulds vei	properNoun	nor
Skuldveien	properNoun	swe	Skuldveien	properNoun	nor
Skulevegen	properNoun	swe	Skulevegen	properNoun	nor
Skullerudbakken	properNoun	swe	Skullerudbakken	properNoun	nor
Skullerudskogen	properNoun	swe	Skullerudskogen	properNoun	nor
Skullerudstubben	properNoun	swe	Skullerudstubben	properNoun	nor
Skullerudveien	properNoun	swe	Skullerudveien	properNoun	nor
Skulstadvegen	properNoun	swe	Skulstadvegen	properNoun	nor
Skuronnveien	properNoun	swe	Skuronnveien	properNoun	nor
Skutesteinveien	properNoun	swe	Skutesteinveien	properNoun	nor
Skuteveien	properNoun	swe	Skuteveien	properNoun	nor
Skutevikens Smalgang	properNoun	swe	Skutevikens Smalgang	properNoun	nor
Skutevikens Tver gate	properNoun	swe	Skutevikens Tver gate	properNoun	nor
Skuteviksbodene	properNoun	swe	Skuteviksbodene	properNoun	nor
Skutevikstorget	properNoun	swe	Skutevikstorget	properNoun	nor
Skuteviksveien	properNoun	swe	Skuteviksveien	properNoun	nor
Skybergvegen	properNoun	swe	Skybergvegen	properNoun	nor
Skytterdalen	properNoun	swe	Skytterdalen	properNoun	nor
Skytterhusveien	properNoun	swe	Skytterhusveien	properNoun	nor
Skytterløkka	properNoun	swe	Skytterløkka	properNoun	nor
Skytterstien	properNoun	swe	Skytterstien	properNoun	nor
Skytterveien	properNoun	swe	Skytterveien	properNoun	nor
Skøyen allé	properNoun	swe	Skøyen allé	properNoun	nor
Skøyenbakken	properNoun	swe	Skøyenbakken	properNoun	nor
Skøyenbrynet	properNoun	swe	Skøyenbrynet	properNoun	nor
Skøyenkneika	properNoun	swe	Skøyenkneika	properNoun	nor
Skøyenkroken	properNoun	swe	Skøyenkroken	properNoun	nor
Skøyenstubben	properNoun	swe	Skøyenstubben	properNoun	nor
Skøyensvingen	properNoun	swe	Skøyensvingen	properNoun	nor
Skøyen terrasse	properNoun	swe	Skøyen terrasse	properNoun	nor
Skøyen torg	properNoun	swe	Skøyen torg	properNoun	nor
Skøyenveien	properNoun	swe	Skøyenveien	properNoun	nor
Skøyenåsveien	properNoun	swe	Skøyenåsveien	properNoun	nor
Skådalsveien	properNoun	swe	Skådalsveien	properNoun	nor
Skålevikstølen	properNoun	swe	Skålevikstølen	properNoun	nor
Skålevikveien	properNoun	swe	Skålevikveien	properNoun	nor
Skår	properNoun	swe	Skår	properNoun	nor
Skårenveien	properNoun	swe	Skårenveien	properNoun	nor
Skåumlia	properNoun	swe	Skåumlia	properNoun	nor
Skåumsletta	properNoun	swe	Skåumsletta	properNoun	nor
Skåumsvingen	properNoun	swe	Skåumsvingen	properNoun	nor
Skåumveien	properNoun	swe	Skåumveien	properNoun	nor
Slagenveien	properNoun	swe	Slagenveien	properNoun	nor
Slagtergaden	properNoun	swe	Slagtergaden	properNoun	nor
Slalåmveien	properNoun	swe	Slalåmveien	properNoun	nor
Sledemeien	properNoun	swe	Sledemeien	properNoun	nor
Sleipners vei	properNoun	swe	Sleipners vei	properNoun	nor
Sleiverudlia	properNoun	swe	Sleiverudlia	properNoun	nor
Sleiverudveien	properNoun	swe	Sleiverudveien	properNoun	nor
Sleiverudåsen	properNoun	swe	Sleiverudåsen	properNoun	nor
Slembevegen	properNoun	swe	Slembevegen	properNoun	nor
Slemdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Slemdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Slemdalsvingen	properNoun	swe	Slemdalsvingen	properNoun	nor
Slependveien	properNoun	swe	Slependveien	properNoun	nor
Slettebakksveien	properNoun	swe	Slettebakksveien	properNoun	nor
Sletteløkka	properNoun	swe	Sletteløkka	properNoun	nor
Sletteneset	properNoun	swe	Sletteneset	properNoun	nor
Slettenvegen	properNoun	swe	Slettenvegen	properNoun	nor
Slettenveien	properNoun	swe	Slettenveien	properNoun	nor
Slettestien	properNoun	swe	Slettestien	properNoun	nor
Slettestølsvegen	properNoun	swe	Slettestølsvegen	properNoun	nor
Slettevikvegen	properNoun	swe	Slettevikvegen	properNoun	nor
Slettingdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Slettingdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Slettumvegen	properNoun	swe	Slettumvegen	properNoun	nor
Sliberget	properNoun	swe	Sliberget	properNoun	nor
Slimeveien	properNoun	swe	Slimeveien	properNoun	nor
Slireveien	properNoun	swe	Slireveien	properNoun	nor
Sloreåsen	properNoun	swe	Sloreåsen	properNoun	nor
Slottsgaten	properNoun	swe	Slottsgaten	properNoun	nor
Slottsplassen	properNoun	swe	Slottsplassen	properNoun	nor
Slottsporten	properNoun	swe	Slottsporten	properNoun	nor
Slottsvika	properNoun	swe	Slottsvika	properNoun	nor
Slyngeveien	properNoun	swe	Slyngeveien	properNoun	nor
Slyngveien	properNoun	swe	Slyngveien	properNoun	nor
Sløverfjord	properNoun	swe	Sløverfjord	properNoun	nor
Slåmotgangen	properNoun	swe	Slåmotgangen	properNoun	nor
Slåpeveien	properNoun	swe	Slåpeveien	properNoun	nor
Slåttekås	properNoun	swe	Slåttekås	properNoun	nor
Slaattenesalleen	properNoun	swe	Slaattenesalleen	properNoun	nor
Slåtteveien	properNoun	swe	Slåtteveien	properNoun	nor
Slåtthauglien	properNoun	swe	Slåtthauglien	properNoun	nor
Slåtthaugveien	properNoun	swe	Slåtthaugveien	properNoun	nor
Smalgangen	properNoun	swe	Smalgangen	properNoun	nor
Smalvollveien	properNoun	swe	Smalvollveien	properNoun	nor
Smalåkeren	properNoun	swe	Smalåkeren	properNoun	nor
Smedbergveien	properNoun	swe	Smedbergveien	properNoun	nor
Smedgangen	properNoun	swe	Smedgangen	properNoun	nor
Smedgata	properNoun	swe	Smedgata	properNoun	nor
Smedhaugen	properNoun	swe	Smedhaugen	properNoun	nor
Smedhella	properNoun	swe	Smedhella	properNoun	nor
Smed Kjeldsens vei	properNoun	swe	Smed Kjeldsens vei	properNoun	nor
Smedkroken	properNoun	swe	Smedkroken	properNoun	nor
Smedstusvingen	properNoun	swe	Smedstusvingen	properNoun	nor
Smedsvikneset	properNoun	swe	Smedsvikneset	properNoun	nor
Smedvegen	properNoun	swe	Smedvegen	properNoun	nor
Smedveien	properNoun	swe	Smedveien	properNoun	nor
Smeltedigelen	properNoun	swe	Smeltedigelen	properNoun	nor
Smestadhagan	properNoun	swe	Smestadhagan	properNoun	nor
Smestadkroken	properNoun	swe	Smestadkroken	properNoun	nor
Smestadveien	properNoun	swe	Smestadveien	properNoun	nor
Smibakken	properNoun	swe	Smibakken	properNoun	nor
Smiehagen	properNoun	swe	Smiehagen	properNoun	nor
Smiestykket	properNoun	swe	Smiestykket	properNoun	nor
Smiløkka	properNoun	swe	Smiløkka	properNoun	nor
Smithebakken	properNoun	swe	Smithebakken	properNoun	nor
Smithsvingen	properNoun	swe	Smithsvingen	properNoun	nor
Smiuringen	properNoun	swe	Smiuringen	properNoun	nor
Smiuvegen	properNoun	swe	Smiuvegen	properNoun	nor
Smogabakkane	properNoun	swe	Smogabakkane	properNoun	nor
Smølaveien	properNoun	swe	Smølaveien	properNoun	nor
Smørbergveien	properNoun	swe	Smørbergveien	properNoun	nor
Smørbukkveien	properNoun	swe	Smørbukkveien	properNoun	nor
Smørfatet	properNoun	swe	Smørfatet	properNoun	nor
Smørhusbakken	properNoun	swe	Smørhusbakken	properNoun	nor
Smørsoppen	properNoun	swe	Smørsoppen	properNoun	nor
Smørsteinåsen	properNoun	swe	Smørsteinåsen	properNoun	nor
Smøråshagen	properNoun	swe	Smøråshagen	properNoun	nor
Smøråslien	properNoun	swe	Smøråslien	properNoun	nor
Smøråsveien	properNoun	swe	Smøråsveien	properNoun	nor
Små	properNoun	swe	Små	properNoun	nor
Smålensgata	properNoun	swe	Smålensgata	properNoun	nor
Småskansen	properNoun	swe	Småskansen	properNoun	nor
Småstrandgaten	properNoun	swe	Småstrandgaten	properNoun	nor
Snaret	properNoun	swe	Snaret	properNoun	nor
Snargangen	properNoun	swe	Snargangen	properNoun	nor
Snarveien	properNoun	swe	Snarveien	properNoun	nor
Snarøyveien	properNoun	swe	Snarøyveien	properNoun	nor
Snauhaug	properNoun	swe	Snauhaug	properNoun	nor
Snekkenesveien	properNoun	swe	Snekkenesveien	properNoun	nor
Snekkergangen	properNoun	swe	Snekkergangen	properNoun	nor
Snekkerplassen	properNoun	swe	Snekkerplassen	properNoun	nor
Snekkevikvegen	properNoun	swe	Snekkevikvegen	properNoun	nor
Sneklokkeveien	properNoun	swe	Sneklokkeveien	properNoun	nor
Snertingdal	properNoun	swe	Snertingdal	properNoun	nor
Snilldal	properNoun	swe	Snilldal	properNoun	nor
Snipemyrlia	properNoun	swe	Snipemyrlia	properNoun	nor
Snipemyrveien	properNoun	swe	Snipemyrveien	properNoun	nor
Snipeveien	properNoun	swe	Snipeveien	properNoun	nor
Snippebakken	properNoun	swe	Snippebakken	properNoun	nor
Snippen	properNoun	swe	Snippen	properNoun	nor
Snipp-Møllers vei	properNoun	swe	Snipp-Møllers vei	properNoun	nor
Snorres gate	properNoun	swe	Snorres gate	properNoun	nor
Snorres veg	properNoun	swe	Snorres veg	properNoun	nor
Snorreveien	properNoun	swe	Snorreveien	properNoun	nor
Snoveien	properNoun	swe	Snoveien	properNoun	nor
Snøggveien	properNoun	swe	Snøggveien	properNoun	nor
Snøhvits vei	properNoun	swe	Snøhvits vei	properNoun	nor
Soelvolds vei	properNoun	swe	Soelvolds vei	properNoun	nor
Sofie Hartmanns vei	properNoun	swe	Sofie Hartmanns vei	properNoun	nor
Sofienberggata	properNoun	swe	Sofienberggata	properNoun	nor
Sofies gate	properNoun	swe	Sofies gate	properNoun	nor
Sofies plass	properNoun	swe	Sofies plass	properNoun	nor
Sofiestien	properNoun	swe	Sofiestien	properNoun	nor
Sofus Madsens vei	properNoun	swe	Sofus Madsens vei	properNoun	nor
Sogneprest Asle Engers plass	properNoun	swe	Sogneprest Asle Engers plass	properNoun	nor
Sognsvannsveien	properNoun	swe	Sognsvannsveien	properNoun	nor
Sognsveien	properNoun	swe	Sognsveien	properNoun	nor
Soknedalsveien	properNoun	swe	Soknedalsveien	properNoun	nor
Solbakken allé	properNoun	swe	Solbakken allé	properNoun	nor
Solbakkeveien	properNoun	swe	Solbakkeveien	properNoun	nor
Solbakkeåsen	properNoun	swe	Solbakkeåsen	properNoun	nor
Solbakksvingen	properNoun	swe	Solbakksvingen	properNoun	nor
Solbergbekken	properNoun	swe	Solbergbekken	properNoun	nor
Solbergliveien	properNoun	swe	Solbergliveien	properNoun	nor
Solbergveien	properNoun	swe	Solbergveien	properNoun	nor
Solbrekken	properNoun	swe	Solbrekken	properNoun	nor
Solduggsvingen	properNoun	swe	Solduggsvingen	properNoun	nor
Solefallsveien	properNoun	swe	Solefallsveien	properNoun	nor
Solefallveien	properNoun	swe	Solefallveien	properNoun	nor
Soleglad	properNoun	swe	Soleglad	properNoun	nor
Solegladveien	properNoun	swe	Solegladveien	properNoun	nor
Solegårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Solegårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Soleiveien	properNoun	swe	Soleiveien	properNoun	nor
Solemskogveien	properNoun	swe	Solemskogveien	properNoun	nor
Solevegen	properNoun	swe	Solevegen	properNoun	nor
Soleveien	properNoun	swe	Soleveien	properNoun	nor
Solfengveien	properNoun	swe	Solfengveien	properNoun	nor
Solfjellsbakken	properNoun	swe	Solfjellsbakken	properNoun	nor
Solfjellshøgda	properNoun	swe	Solfjellshøgda	properNoun	nor
Solfridveien	properNoun	swe	Solfridveien	properNoun	nor
Solhauggata	properNoun	swe	Solhauggata	properNoun	nor
Solhaugveien	properNoun	swe	Solhaugveien	properNoun	nor
Solheimgata	properNoun	swe	Solheimgata	properNoun	nor
Solheimsgaten	properNoun	swe	Solheimsgaten	properNoun	nor
Solheimslien	properNoun	swe	Solheimslien	properNoun	nor
Solheims Tver gate	properNoun	swe	Solheims Tver gate	properNoun	nor
Solheimvegen	properNoun	swe	Solheimvegen	properNoun	nor
Solheimveien	properNoun	swe	Solheimveien	properNoun	nor
Solkilen	properNoun	swe	Solkilen	properNoun	nor
Solkroken	properNoun	swe	Solkroken	properNoun	nor
Sollerudveien	properNoun	swe	Sollerudveien	properNoun	nor
Sollia	properNoun	swe	Sollia	properNoun	nor
Sollien	properNoun	swe	Sollien	properNoun	nor
Solligata	properNoun	swe	Solligata	properNoun	nor
Solligrenda	properNoun	swe	Solligrenda	properNoun	nor
Solli plass	properNoun	swe	Solli plass	properNoun	nor
Sollisvingen	properNoun	swe	Sollisvingen	properNoun	nor
Solliveien	properNoun	swe	Solliveien	properNoun	nor
Sollsmittet	properNoun	swe	Sollsmittet	properNoun	nor
Solløkkakroken	properNoun	swe	Solløkkakroken	properNoun	nor
Solløkkasletta	properNoun	swe	Solløkkasletta	properNoun	nor
Solløkkastien	properNoun	swe	Solløkkastien	properNoun	nor
Solløkkasvingen	properNoun	swe	Solløkkasvingen	properNoun	nor
Solløkkaveien	properNoun	swe	Solløkkaveien	properNoun	nor
Solmoveien	properNoun	swe	Solmoveien	properNoun	nor
Solnesbakken	properNoun	swe	Solnesbakken	properNoun	nor
Solneskroken	properNoun	swe	Solneskroken	properNoun	nor
Solnesskogen	properNoun	swe	Solnesskogen	properNoun	nor
Solnesveien	properNoun	swe	Solnesveien	properNoun	nor
Solnesåsen	properNoun	swe	Solnesåsen	properNoun	nor
Solplassen	properNoun	swe	Solplassen	properNoun	nor
Solskinnskroken	properNoun	swe	Solskinnskroken	properNoun	nor
Solskinnsveien	properNoun	swe	Solskinnsveien	properNoun	nor
Solstien	properNoun	swe	Solstien	properNoun	nor
Solstubben	properNoun	swe	Solstubben	properNoun	nor
Solstugrenda	properNoun	swe	Solstugrenda	properNoun	nor
Solsvingen	properNoun	swe	Solsvingen	properNoun	nor
Solvangbakken	properNoun	swe	Solvangbakken	properNoun	nor
Solvangveien	properNoun	swe	Solvangveien	properNoun	nor
Solveien	properNoun	swe	Solveien	properNoun	nor
Solveig Ramnæs vei	properNoun	swe	Solveig Ramnæs vei	properNoun	nor
Solveigsvei	properNoun	swe	Solveigsvei	properNoun	nor
Solvikveien	properNoun	swe	Solvikveien	properNoun	nor
Solvindveien	properNoun	swe	Solvindveien	properNoun	nor
Solørgata	properNoun	swe	Solørgata	properNoun	nor
Solåsen	properNoun	swe	Solåsen	properNoun	nor
Solåsvegen	properNoun	swe	Solåsvegen	properNoun	nor
Solåsveien	properNoun	swe	Solåsveien	properNoun	nor
Sommerfeldts gate	properNoun	swe	Sommerfeldts gate	properNoun	nor
Sommerfuglveien	properNoun	swe	Sommerfuglveien	properNoun	nor
Sommerrogata	properNoun	swe	Sommerrogata	properNoun	nor
Sommerrovegen	properNoun	swe	Sommerrovegen	properNoun	nor
Sommerroveien	properNoun	swe	Sommerroveien	properNoun	nor
Sondre Norheims vei	properNoun	swe	Sondre Norheims vei	properNoun	nor
Sondrevegen	properNoun	swe	Sondrevegen	properNoun	nor
Soners vei	properNoun	swe	Soners vei	properNoun	nor
Songstad	properNoun	swe	Songstad	properNoun	nor
Sonja Henies plass	properNoun	swe	Sonja Henies plass	properNoun	nor
Sonja Henies vei	properNoun	swe	Sonja Henies vei	properNoun	nor
Sons gate	properNoun	swe	Sons gate	properNoun	nor
Sopelimkroken	properNoun	swe	Sopelimkroken	properNoun	nor
Sophus Bugges plass	properNoun	swe	Sophus Bugges plass	properNoun	nor
Sophus Lies gate	properNoun	swe	Sophus Lies gate	properNoun	nor
Sophus Lies vei	properNoun	swe	Sophus Lies vei	properNoun	nor
Sophus Pihls gate	properNoun	swe	Sophus Pihls gate	properNoun	nor
Sophus Aars' vei	properNoun	swe	Sophus Aars' vei	properNoun	nor
Sopphatten	properNoun	swe	Sopphatten	properNoun	nor
Soppveien	properNoun	swe	Soppveien	properNoun	nor
Sorgenfribakken	properNoun	swe	Sorgenfribakken	properNoun	nor
Sorgenfrigata	properNoun	swe	Sorgenfrigata	properNoun	nor
Sortebekken	properNoun	swe	Sortebekken	properNoun	nor
Sotraveien	properNoun	swe	Sotraveien	properNoun	nor
Spannavard	properNoun	swe	Spannavard	properNoun	nor
Spanskesmuget	properNoun	swe	Spanskesmuget	properNoun	nor
Spanskrøret	properNoun	swe	Spanskrøret	properNoun	nor
Sparebanksgaten	properNoun	swe	Sparebanksgaten	properNoun	nor
Sparresgaten	properNoun	swe	Sparresgaten	properNoun	nor
Speidersletta	properNoun	swe	Speidersletta	properNoun	nor
Spektrumveien	properNoun	swe	Spektrumveien	properNoun	nor
Spelhaugen	properNoun	swe	Spelhaugen	properNoun	nor
Spennings gate	properNoun	swe	Spennings gate	properNoun	nor
Spikerveien	properNoun	swe	Spikerveien	properNoun	nor
Spiralen	properNoun	swe	Spiralen	properNoun	nor
Spireaveien	properNoun	swe	Spireaveien	properNoun	nor
Spitegrenda	properNoun	swe	Spitegrenda	properNoun	nor
Spjeld	properNoun	swe	Spjeld	properNoun	nor
Spondalen	properNoun	swe	Spondalen	properNoun	nor
Sponhoggbakken	properNoun	swe	Sponhoggbakken	properNoun	nor
Sponhoggveien	properNoun	swe	Sponhoggveien	properNoun	nor
Sponstugrenda	properNoun	swe	Sponstugrenda	properNoun	nor
Sponstuveien	properNoun	swe	Sponstuveien	properNoun	nor
Sportsstien	properNoun	swe	Sportsstien	properNoun	nor
Sportsveien	properNoun	swe	Sportsveien	properNoun	nor
Sporveisgata	properNoun	swe	Sporveisgata	properNoun	nor
Spoveveien	properNoun	swe	Spoveveien	properNoun	nor
Sprangaksla	properNoun	swe	Sprangaksla	properNoun	nor
Sprintveien	properNoun	swe	Sprintveien	properNoun	nor
Spurvestien	properNoun	swe	Spurvestien	properNoun	nor
Sputnikveien	properNoun	swe	Sputnikveien	properNoun	nor
Spydodden	properNoun	swe	Spydodden	properNoun	nor
Spøneflot	properNoun	swe	Spøneflot	properNoun	nor
Spåkevegen	properNoun	swe	Spåkevegen	properNoun	nor
Spångbergveien	properNoun	swe	Spångbergveien	properNoun	nor
Stabbegjølet	properNoun	swe	Stabbegjølet	properNoun	nor
Stabburfaret	properNoun	swe	Stabburfaret	properNoun	nor
Stabbursgata	properNoun	swe	Stabbursgata	properNoun	nor
Stabburveien	properNoun	swe	Stabburveien	properNoun	nor
Stabellkroken	properNoun	swe	Stabellkroken	properNoun	nor
Stabells gate	properNoun	swe	Stabells gate	properNoun	nor
Stadion	properNoun	swe	Stadion	properNoun	nor
Stadionveien	properNoun	swe	Stadionveien	properNoun	nor
Stafettveien	properNoun	swe	Stafettveien	properNoun	nor
Staffeldts gate	properNoun	swe	Staffeldts gate	properNoun	nor
Stalheimbakken	properNoun	swe	Stalheimbakken	properNoun	nor
Stallane	properNoun	swe	Stallane	properNoun	nor
Stallaveien	properNoun	swe	Stallaveien	properNoun	nor
Stallbakken	properNoun	swe	Stallbakken	properNoun	nor
Stallerudveien	properNoun	swe	Stallerudveien	properNoun	nor
Stallkleiven	properNoun	swe	Stallkleiven	properNoun	nor
Stalsbergs gate	properNoun	swe	Stalsbergs gate	properNoun	nor
Stamerbakken	properNoun	swe	Stamerbakken	properNoun	nor
Stamhusveien	properNoun	swe	Stamhusveien	properNoun	nor
Stamsneset	properNoun	swe	Stamsneset	properNoun	nor
Stana	properNoun	swe	Stana	properNoun	nor
Standardveien	properNoun	swe	Standardveien	properNoun	nor
Stanga	properNoun	swe	Stanga	properNoun	nor
Stangs gate	properNoun	swe	Stangs gate	properNoun	nor
Stangslia	properNoun	swe	Stangslia	properNoun	nor
Stangsåsveien	properNoun	swe	Stangsåsveien	properNoun	nor
Stanseveien	properNoun	swe	Stanseveien	properNoun	nor
Starabakken	properNoun	swe	Starabakken	properNoun	nor
Starasvingen	properNoun	swe	Starasvingen	properNoun	nor
Starefossbakken	properNoun	swe	Starefossbakken	properNoun	nor
Starefosslien	properNoun	swe	Starefosslien	properNoun	nor
Starefoss-Svingen	properNoun	swe	Starefoss-Svingen	properNoun	nor
Starefossveien	properNoun	swe	Starefossveien	properNoun	nor
Starveien	properNoun	swe	Starveien	properNoun	nor
Starvhusgaten	properNoun	swe	Starvhusgaten	properNoun	nor
Stasjonsallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Stasjonsallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Stasjonsbakken	properNoun	swe	Stasjonsbakken	properNoun	nor
Stasjonsveien	properNoun	swe	Stasjonsveien	properNoun	nor
Stathelleveien	properNoun	swe	Stathelleveien	properNoun	nor
Statsminister Michelsens vei	properNoun	swe	Statsminister Michelsens vei	properNoun	nor
Statsråd Astrups gate	properNoun	swe	Statsråd Astrups gate	properNoun	nor
Statsråd Mathiesens vei	properNoun	swe	Statsråd Mathiesens vei	properNoun	nor
Statsråd Sælens vei	properNoun	swe	Statsråd Sælens vei	properNoun	nor
Staudevegen	properNoun	swe	Staudevegen	properNoun	nor
Staudeveien	properNoun	swe	Staudeveien	properNoun	nor
Stavangergata	properNoun	swe	Stavangergata	properNoun	nor
Stavenes	properNoun	swe	Stavenes	properNoun	nor
Staverbråtan	properNoun	swe	Staverbråtan	properNoun	nor
Staverhagan	properNoun	swe	Staverhagan	properNoun	nor
Staverngaten	properNoun	swe	Staverngaten	properNoun	nor
Stavernsveien	properNoun	swe	Stavernsveien	properNoun	nor
Staversletta	properNoun	swe	Staversletta	properNoun	nor
Stavkirkeveien	properNoun	swe	Stavkirkeveien	properNoun	nor
Stavnesveien	properNoun	swe	Stavnesveien	properNoun	nor
Stavnumveien	properNoun	swe	Stavnumveien	properNoun	nor
Stavsjøfjell	properNoun	swe	Stavsjøfjell	properNoun	nor
St. Clemens' vei	properNoun	swe	St. Clemens' vei	properNoun	nor
St. Edmunds vei	properNoun	swe	St. Edmunds vei	properNoun	nor
Steens gate	properNoun	swe	Steens gate	properNoun	nor
Steenstrups gate	properNoun	swe	Steenstrups gate	properNoun	nor
Stegane	properNoun	swe	Stegane	properNoun	nor
Steganes	properNoun	swe	Steganes	properNoun	nor
Steggen	properNoun	swe	Steggen	properNoun	nor
Steinanes	properNoun	swe	Steinanes	properNoun	nor
Steinar Nordaas' vei	properNoun	swe	Steinar Nordaas' vei	properNoun	nor
Steinbakken	properNoun	swe	Steinbakken	properNoun	nor
Steinberg	properNoun	swe	Steinberg	properNoun	nor
Steinbergveien	properNoun	swe	Steinbergveien	properNoun	nor
Steinbiten	properNoun	swe	Steinbiten	properNoun	nor
Steinborgveien	properNoun	swe	Steinborgveien	properNoun	nor
Steinbrekka	properNoun	swe	Steinbrekka	properNoun	nor
Steinbruddveien	properNoun	swe	Steinbruddveien	properNoun	nor
Steinestøvegen	properNoun	swe	Steinestøvegen	properNoun	nor
Steinfjell	properNoun	swe	Steinfjell	properNoun	nor
Steingardveien	properNoun	swe	Steingardveien	properNoun	nor
Steingata	properNoun	swe	Steingata	properNoun	nor
Steingrims vei	properNoun	swe	Steingrims vei	properNoun	nor
Steinhammerveien	properNoun	swe	Steinhammerveien	properNoun	nor
Steinkjellerbakken	properNoun	swe	Steinkjellerbakken	properNoun	nor
Steinkjellergaten	properNoun	swe	Steinkjellergaten	properNoun	nor
Steinkjellerkroken	properNoun	swe	Steinkjellerkroken	properNoun	nor
Steinklossveien	properNoun	swe	Steinklossveien	properNoun	nor
Steinliveien	properNoun	swe	Steinliveien	properNoun	nor
Steinsholtveien	properNoun	swe	Steinsholtveien	properNoun	nor
Steinsjåvegen	properNoun	swe	Steinsjåvegen	properNoun	nor
Steinsoppgrenda	properNoun	swe	Steinsoppgrenda	properNoun	nor
Steinspranget	properNoun	swe	Steinspranget	properNoun	nor
Steinsvikgrend	properNoun	swe	Steinsvikgrend	properNoun	nor
Steinsvikkroken	properNoun	swe	Steinsvikkroken	properNoun	nor
Steinsvikneset	properNoun	swe	Steinsvikneset	properNoun	nor
Steinsvikskaret	properNoun	swe	Steinsvikskaret	properNoun	nor
Steinsvikskrenten	properNoun	swe	Steinsvikskrenten	properNoun	nor
Steinsvikvegen	properNoun	swe	Steinsvikvegen	properNoun	nor
Steinsvingen	properNoun	swe	Steinsvingen	properNoun	nor
Steintræbakken	properNoun	swe	Steintræbakken	properNoun	nor
Steintrælien	properNoun	swe	Steintrælien	properNoun	nor
Steintræveien	properNoun	swe	Steintræveien	properNoun	nor
Steinvegen	properNoun	swe	Steinvegen	properNoun	nor
Steinveien	properNoun	swe	Steinveien	properNoun	nor
Steinvikaveien	properNoun	swe	Steinvikaveien	properNoun	nor
Steinvikveien	properNoun	swe	Steinvikveien	properNoun	nor
Stemmelia	properNoun	swe	Stemmelia	properNoun	nor
Stemmeveien	properNoun	swe	Stemmeveien	properNoun	nor
Stenbråtveien	properNoun	swe	Stenbråtveien	properNoun	nor
Stendafjell	properNoun	swe	Stendafjell	properNoun	nor
Stenersgata	properNoun	swe	Stenersgata	properNoun	nor
Stenget	properNoun	swe	Stenget	properNoun	nor
Stenmalveien	properNoun	swe	Stenmalveien	properNoun	nor
Stensarmen	properNoun	swe	Stensarmen	properNoun	nor
Stensberggata	properNoun	swe	Stensberggata	properNoun	nor
Stensgata	properNoun	swe	Stensgata	properNoun	nor
Stensjordvegen	properNoun	swe	Stensjordvegen	properNoun	nor
Stenslivegen	properNoun	swe	Stenslivegen	properNoun	nor
Stensrudlia	properNoun	swe	Stensrudlia	properNoun	nor
Stensrudåsveien	properNoun	swe	Stensrudåsveien	properNoun	nor
Stensveien	properNoun	swe	Stensveien	properNoun	nor
Stephansens veg	properNoun	swe	Stephansens veg	properNoun	nor
Stertebakke	properNoun	swe	Stertebakke	properNoun	nor
Stette	properNoun	swe	Stette	properNoun	nor
St. Georgs vei	properNoun	swe	St. Georgs vei	properNoun	nor
St. Hallvards gate	properNoun	swe	St. Hallvards gate	properNoun	nor
St. Halvards gate	properNoun	swe	St. Halvards gate	properNoun	nor
St. Halvards plass	properNoun	swe	St. Halvards plass	properNoun	nor
St. Halvards vei	properNoun	swe	St. Halvards vei	properNoun	nor
St Hanshaugen	properNoun	swe	St Hanshaugen	properNoun	nor
St. Hansstredet	properNoun	swe	St. Hansstredet	properNoun	nor
St Hansveien	properNoun	swe	St Hansveien	properNoun	nor
St. Hansveien	properNoun	swe	St. Hansveien	properNoun	nor
Stiaberget	properNoun	swe	Stiaberget	properNoun	nor
Stian Kristensens vei	properNoun	swe	Stian Kristensens vei	properNoun	nor
Stibakken	properNoun	swe	Stibakken	properNoun	nor
Stien	properNoun	swe	Stien	properNoun	nor
Stiftamtmann Kaas' vei	properNoun	swe	Stiftamtmann Kaas' vei	properNoun	nor
Stiganes	properNoun	swe	Stiganes	properNoun	nor
Stigenga	properNoun	swe	Stigenga	properNoun	nor
Stigengbakken	properNoun	swe	Stigengbakken	properNoun	nor
Stigerbakken	properNoun	swe	Stigerbakken	properNoun	nor
Stiger Sannes vei	properNoun	swe	Stiger Sannes vei	properNoun	nor
Stigerveien	properNoun	swe	Stigerveien	properNoun	nor
Stigeråsen	properNoun	swe	Stigeråsen	properNoun	nor
Stigåsveien	properNoun	swe	Stigåsveien	properNoun	nor
Stiklestadgata	properNoun	swe	Stiklestadgata	properNoun	nor
Stiksrudgata	properNoun	swe	Stiksrudgata	properNoun	nor
Stinesås	properNoun	swe	Stinesås	properNoun	nor
Stiåsen	properNoun	swe	Stiåsen	properNoun	nor
St. Jakobs plass	properNoun	swe	St. Jakobs plass	properNoun	nor
Stjerneblokkveien	properNoun	swe	Stjerneblokkveien	properNoun	nor
Stjernemyrveien	properNoun	swe	Stjernemyrveien	properNoun	nor
Stjerneveien	properNoun	swe	Stjerneveien	properNoun	nor
St. Jørgens gate	properNoun	swe	St. Jørgens gate	properNoun	nor
St. Jørgens vei	properNoun	swe	St. Jørgens vei	properNoun	nor
Stoa	properNoun	swe	Stoa	properNoun	nor
Stockfleths gate	properNoun	swe	Stockfleths gate	properNoun	nor
Stockholmgata	properNoun	swe	Stockholmgata	properNoun	nor
Stokkajuv	properNoun	swe	Stokkajuv	properNoun	nor
Stokkedalen	properNoun	swe	Stokkedalen	properNoun	nor
Stokkedalslien	properNoun	swe	Stokkedalslien	properNoun	nor
Stokkegaten	properNoun	swe	Stokkegaten	properNoun	nor
Stokke ravei	properNoun	swe	Stokke ravei	properNoun	nor
Stokkerveien	properNoun	swe	Stokkerveien	properNoun	nor
Stokkevannveien	properNoun	swe	Stokkevannveien	properNoun	nor
Stokkevegen	properNoun	swe	Stokkevegen	properNoun	nor
Stokkeveien	properNoun	swe	Stokkeveien	properNoun	nor
St. Olavs gate	properNoun	swe	St. Olavs gate	properNoun	nor
St. Olavs plass	properNoun	swe	St. Olavs plass	properNoun	nor
St. Olavs vei	properNoun	swe	St. Olavs vei	properNoun	nor
Stollveien	properNoun	swe	Stollveien	properNoun	nor
Stolmakergata	properNoun	swe	Stolmakergata	properNoun	nor
Stoltenbergs gate	properNoun	swe	Stoltenbergs gate	properNoun	nor
Stongafjell	properNoun	swe	Stongafjell	properNoun	nor
Storaneset	properNoun	swe	Storaneset	properNoun	nor
Storbotn	properNoun	swe	Storbotn	properNoun	nor
Stordamsnaret	properNoun	swe	Stordamsnaret	properNoun	nor
Stordamveien	properNoun	swe	Stordamveien	properNoun	nor
Store Berganveien	properNoun	swe	Store Berganveien	properNoun	nor
Storegjel	properNoun	swe	Storegjel	properNoun	nor
Storehovden	properNoun	swe	Storehovden	properNoun	nor
Storelvveien	properNoun	swe	Storelvveien	properNoun	nor
Storenggata	properNoun	swe	Storenggata	properNoun	nor
Storengvegen	properNoun	swe	Storengvegen	properNoun	nor
Storengveien	properNoun	swe	Storengveien	properNoun	nor
Store Starefossen	properNoun	swe	Store Starefossen	properNoun	nor
Storesåta	properNoun	swe	Storesåta	properNoun	nor
Storetveitrinden	properNoun	swe	Storetveitrinden	properNoun	nor
Storetveitvegen	properNoun	swe	Storetveitvegen	properNoun	nor
Storetveitåsen	properNoun	swe	Storetveitåsen	properNoun	nor
Storevarden	properNoun	swe	Storevarden	properNoun	nor
Storevarveien	properNoun	swe	Storevarveien	properNoun	nor
Store Verksholmen	properNoun	swe	Store Verksholmen	properNoun	nor
Storfjell	properNoun	swe	Storfjell	properNoun	nor
Storfoss	properNoun	swe	Storfoss	properNoun	nor
Storgata	properNoun	swe	Storgata	properNoun	nor
Storgata	properNoun	swe	Storgata	properNoun	nor
Storgaten	properNoun	swe	Storgaten	properNoun	nor
Storhammeren	properNoun	swe	Storhammeren	properNoun	nor
Storhaugen	properNoun	swe	Storhaugen	properNoun	nor
Storheia	properNoun	swe	Storheia	properNoun	nor
Storheilia	properNoun	swe	Storheilia	properNoun	nor
Storhoffs vei	properNoun	swe	Storhoffs vei	properNoun	nor
Storholmen	properNoun	swe	Storholmen	properNoun	nor
Storingavika	properNoun	swe	Storingavika	properNoun	nor
Storkaia	properNoun	swe	Storkaia	properNoun	nor
Storkenebbveien	properNoun	swe	Storkenebbveien	properNoun	nor
Storliveien	properNoun	swe	Storliveien	properNoun	nor
Storms gate	properNoun	swe	Storms gate	properNoun	nor
Stormvarslet	properNoun	swe	Stormvarslet	properNoun	nor
Stormyrveien	properNoun	swe	Stormyrveien	properNoun	nor
Storoveien	properNoun	swe	Storoveien	properNoun	nor
Storrinden	properNoun	swe	Storrinden	properNoun	nor
Storrindlia	properNoun	swe	Storrindlia	properNoun	nor
Storsand	properNoun	swe	Storsand	properNoun	nor
Storskarven	properNoun	swe	Storskarven	properNoun	nor
Stortingsgata	properNoun	swe	Stortingsgata	properNoun	nor
Stortings plass	properNoun	swe	Stortings plass	properNoun	nor
Stortorvet	properNoun	swe	Stortorvet	properNoun	nor
Stortuveien	properNoun	swe	Stortuveien	properNoun	nor
Storvasshammar	properNoun	swe	Storvasshammar	properNoun	nor
Storvikbakken	properNoun	swe	Storvikbakken	properNoun	nor
Storvikhågen	properNoun	swe	Storvikhågen	properNoun	nor
Storøyaveien	properNoun	swe	Storøyaveien	properNoun	nor
Storåsen	properNoun	swe	Storåsen	properNoun	nor
Storåssvingen	properNoun	swe	Storåssvingen	properNoun	nor
Storåsveien	properNoun	swe	Storåsveien	properNoun	nor
Stouslandsplass	properNoun	swe	Stouslandsplass	properNoun	nor
Stovnerbakken	properNoun	swe	Stovnerbakken	properNoun	nor
Stovnerfaret	properNoun	swe	Stovnerfaret	properNoun	nor
Stovnerlia	properNoun	swe	Stovnerlia	properNoun	nor
Stovner senter	properNoun	swe	Stovner senter	properNoun	nor
Stovnerveien	properNoun	swe	Stovnerveien	properNoun	nor
Stranda	properNoun	swe	Stranda	properNoun	nor
Strandalléen	properNoun	swe	Strandalléen	properNoun	nor
Strandbakken	properNoun	swe	Strandbakken	properNoun	nor
Stranden	properNoun	swe	Stranden	properNoun	nor
Strandenglia	properNoun	swe	Strandenglia	properNoun	nor
Strandgata	properNoun	swe	Strandgata	properNoun	nor
Strandgaten	properNoun	swe	Strandgaten	properNoun	nor
Strandhaugen	properNoun	swe	Strandhaugen	properNoun	nor
Strandinga	properNoun	swe	Strandinga	properNoun	nor
Strandkaien	properNoun	swe	Strandkaien	properNoun	nor
Strandlien	properNoun	swe	Strandlien	properNoun	nor
Strandliveien	properNoun	swe	Strandliveien	properNoun	nor
Strandlyveien	properNoun	swe	Strandlyveien	properNoun	nor
Strandpromenaden	properNoun	swe	Strandpromenaden	properNoun	nor
Strandskogen	properNoun	swe	Strandskogen	properNoun	nor
Strandvegen	properNoun	swe	Strandvegen	properNoun	nor
Strandvei	properNoun	swe	Strandvei	properNoun	nor
Strandveien	properNoun	swe	Strandveien	properNoun	nor
Strangebakken	properNoun	swe	Strangebakken	properNoun	nor
Strangehagen	properNoun	swe	Strangehagen	properNoun	nor
Strangehagesmauet	properNoun	swe	Strangehagesmauet	properNoun	nor
Strangeplassen	properNoun	swe	Strangeplassen	properNoun	nor
Straumelien	properNoun	swe	Straumelien	properNoun	nor
Straumesvingen	properNoun	swe	Straumesvingen	properNoun	nor
Straumeveien	properNoun	swe	Straumeveien	properNoun	nor
Straumshaugen	properNoun	swe	Straumshaugen	properNoun	nor
Streke	properNoun	swe	Streke	properNoun	nor
Stretaliveien	properNoun	swe	Stretaliveien	properNoun	nor
Strimmelen	properNoun	swe	Strimmelen	properNoun	nor
Strindheim	properNoun	swe	Strindheim	properNoun	nor
Struksen	properNoun	swe	Struksen	properNoun	nor
Struthaugen	properNoun	swe	Struthaugen	properNoun	nor
Strömbadpromenaden	properNoun	swe	Strömbadpromenaden	properNoun	nor
Strømgaten	properNoun	swe	Strømgaten	properNoun	nor
Strømsborgveien	properNoun	swe	Strømsborgveien	properNoun	nor
Strømsbråtaveien	properNoun	swe	Strømsbråtaveien	properNoun	nor
Strømstadgata	properNoun	swe	Strømstadgata	properNoun	nor
Strømstangveien	properNoun	swe	Strømstangveien	properNoun	nor
Strømsveien	properNoun	swe	Strømsveien	properNoun	nor
Stråholmen	properNoun	swe	Stråholmen	properNoun	nor
St. Stefans gate	properNoun	swe	St. Stefans gate	properNoun	nor
St. Sunnivas gate	properNoun	swe	St. Sunnivas gate	properNoun	nor
St. Sunnivas vei	properNoun	swe	St. Sunnivas vei	properNoun	nor
St. Torfinns vei	properNoun	swe	St. Torfinns vei	properNoun	nor
Stuajordet	properNoun	swe	Stuajordet	properNoun	nor
Stubben	properNoun	swe	Stubben	properNoun	nor
Stubben	properNoun	swe	Stubben	properNoun	nor
Stubberudveien	properNoun	swe	Stubberudveien	properNoun	nor
Stubbråtan	properNoun	swe	Stubbråtan	properNoun	nor
Stubbveien	properNoun	swe	Stubbveien	properNoun	nor
Stubs gate	properNoun	swe	Stubs gate	properNoun	nor
Studentbyen Nattland	properNoun	swe	Studentbyen Nattland	properNoun	nor
Studsrødveien	properNoun	swe	Studsrødveien	properNoun	nor
Stuerødveien	properNoun	swe	Stuerødveien	properNoun	nor
Stukenbrocks gate	properNoun	swe	Stukenbrocks gate	properNoun	nor
Stulen	properNoun	swe	Stulen	properNoun	nor
Stupinngata	properNoun	swe	Stupinngata	properNoun	nor
Sturlas vei	properNoun	swe	Sturlas vei	properNoun	nor
Stussvikhovda	properNoun	swe	Stussvikhovda	properNoun	nor
Stuttvegen	properNoun	swe	Stuttvegen	properNoun	nor
Styggdalen	properNoun	swe	Styggdalen	properNoun	nor
Stærveien	properNoun	swe	Stærveien	properNoun	nor
Stølegaten	properNoun	swe	Stølegaten	properNoun	nor
Stølesmauet	properNoun	swe	Stølesmauet	properNoun	nor
Støletorget	properNoun	swe	Støletorget	properNoun	nor
Stølshaugen	properNoun	swe	Stølshaugen	properNoun	nor
Stølsvegen	properNoun	swe	Stølsvegen	properNoun	nor
Støperigata	properNoun	swe	Støperigata	properNoun	nor
Støperiveien	properNoun	swe	Støperiveien	properNoun	nor
Størens vei	properNoun	swe	Størens vei	properNoun	nor
Støttumveien	properNoun	swe	Støttumveien	properNoun	nor
Stålfjæra	properNoun	swe	Stålfjæra	properNoun	nor
Stålmila	properNoun	swe	Stålmila	properNoun	nor
Stålveien	properNoun	swe	Stålveien	properNoun	nor
Stålverkskroken	properNoun	swe	Stålverkskroken	properNoun	nor
Stålverksveien	properNoun	swe	Stålverksveien	properNoun	nor
Stårputtveien	properNoun	swe	Stårputtveien	properNoun	nor
Ståvihagan	properNoun	swe	Ståvihagan	properNoun	nor
Ståvikroken	properNoun	swe	Ståvikroken	properNoun	nor
Ståviveien	properNoun	swe	Ståviveien	properNoun	nor
Sudmanns vei	properNoun	swe	Sudmanns vei	properNoun	nor
Suhms gate	properNoun	swe	Suhms gate	properNoun	nor
Sukkerhusgata	properNoun	swe	Sukkerhusgata	properNoun	nor
Sukkerhusgaten	properNoun	swe	Sukkerhusgaten	properNoun	nor
Sukkertoppveien	properNoun	swe	Sukkertoppveien	properNoun	nor
Suldalsporten	properNoun	swe	Suldalsporten	properNoun	nor
Sulusåsveien	properNoun	swe	Sulusåsveien	properNoun	nor
Sundbakken	properNoun	swe	Sundbakken	properNoun	nor
Sundby-Hvorups vei	properNoun	swe	Sundby-Hvorups vei	properNoun	nor
Sundbyveien	properNoun	swe	Sundbyveien	properNoun	nor
Sundes gate	properNoun	swe	Sundes gate	properNoun	nor
Sundeskogen	properNoun	swe	Sundeskogen	properNoun	nor
Sundgata	properNoun	swe	Sundgata	properNoun	nor
Sundlandveien	properNoun	swe	Sundlandveien	properNoun	nor
Sundts vei	properNoun	swe	Sundts vei	properNoun	nor
Sundveien	properNoun	swe	Sundveien	properNoun	nor
Sundåsenveien	properNoun	swe	Sundåsenveien	properNoun	nor
Sunnmørgata	properNoun	swe	Sunnmørgata	properNoun	nor
Surliveien	properNoun	swe	Surliveien	properNoun	nor
Surstoffveien	properNoun	swe	Surstoffveien	properNoun	nor
Susebukta	properNoun	swe	Susebukta	properNoun	nor
Svabergan	properNoun	swe	Svabergan	properNoun	nor
Svalbardveien	properNoun	swe	Svalbardveien	properNoun	nor
Svaleveien	properNoun	swe	Svaleveien	properNoun	nor
Svalnes	properNoun	swe	Svalnes	properNoun	nor
Svandalsflona	properNoun	swe	Svandalsflona	properNoun	nor
Svaneveien	properNoun	swe	Svaneveien	properNoun	nor
Svaneviksveien	properNoun	swe	Svaneviksveien	properNoun	nor
Svanhilds vei	properNoun	swe	Svanhilds vei	properNoun	nor
Svartdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Svartdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Svartediksveien	properNoun	swe	Svartediksveien	properNoun	nor
Svartefjorden	properNoun	swe	Svartefjorden	properNoun	nor
Svarthaugen	properNoun	swe	Svarthaugen	properNoun	nor
Svartorseterveien	properNoun	swe	Svartorseterveien	properNoun	nor
Svartsrødveien	properNoun	swe	Svartsrødveien	properNoun	nor
Svarttrastvegen	properNoun	swe	Svarttrastvegen	properNoun	nor
Svarttrostveien	properNoun	swe	Svarttrostveien	properNoun	nor
Svartåsbrinken	properNoun	swe	Svartåsbrinken	properNoun	nor
Svartåsstien	properNoun	swe	Svartåsstien	properNoun	nor
Svartåsveien	properNoun	swe	Svartåsveien	properNoun	nor
Sveagata	properNoun	swe	Sveagata	properNoun	nor
Sveavegen	properNoun	swe	Sveavegen	properNoun	nor
Sveggaveien	properNoun	swe	Sveggaveien	properNoun	nor
Sveiarhaugen	properNoun	swe	Sveiarhaugen	properNoun	nor
Sveiarvegen	properNoun	swe	Sveiarvegen	properNoun	nor
Sveins gate	properNoun	swe	Sveins gate	properNoun	nor
Sveiserveien	properNoun	swe	Sveiserveien	properNoun	nor
Sveiva	properNoun	swe	Sveiva	properNoun	nor
Svelvikgaten	properNoun	swe	Svelvikgaten	properNoun	nor
Sven Bruns gate	properNoun	swe	Sven Bruns gate	properNoun	nor
Svend Foyns gate	properNoun	swe	Svend Foyns gate	properNoun	nor
Svendsplassveien	properNoun	swe	Svendsplassveien	properNoun	nor
Sven Eidissens vei	properNoun	swe	Sven Eidissens vei	properNoun	nor
Sven Jørgensens vei	properNoun	swe	Sven Jørgensens vei	properNoun	nor
Sven Oftedals vei	properNoun	swe	Sven Oftedals vei	properNoun	nor
Svensenga	properNoun	swe	Svensenga	properNoun	nor
Svensgården	properNoun	swe	Svensgården	properNoun	nor
Svenskerudveien	properNoun	swe	Svenskerudveien	properNoun	nor
Svenskestien	properNoun	swe	Svenskestien	properNoun	nor
Svenstuveien	properNoun	swe	Svenstuveien	properNoun	nor
Sverdfegerbakken	properNoun	swe	Sverdfegerbakken	properNoun	nor
Sverdrups gate	properNoun	swe	Sverdrups gate	properNoun	nor
Sverdstadveien	properNoun	swe	Sverdstadveien	properNoun	nor
Sveriges gate	properNoun	swe	Sveriges gate	properNoun	nor
Sverre Enevolds plass	properNoun	swe	Sverre Enevolds plass	properNoun	nor
Sverre Hjetlands vei	properNoun	swe	Sverre Hjetlands vei	properNoun	nor
Sverre Iversens vei	properNoun	swe	Sverre Iversens vei	properNoun	nor
Sverre Refstads plass	properNoun	swe	Sverre Refstads plass	properNoun	nor
Sverresborggrenden	properNoun	swe	Sverresborggrenden	properNoun	nor
Sverres gate	properNoun	swe	Sverres gate	properNoun	nor
Sverres plass	properNoun	swe	Sverres plass	properNoun	nor
Sverrestien	properNoun	swe	Sverrestien	properNoun	nor
Sverre Stordahls vei	properNoun	swe	Sverre Stordahls vei	properNoun	nor
Sveumvegen	properNoun	swe	Sveumvegen	properNoun	nor
Svibelveien	properNoun	swe	Svibelveien	properNoun	nor
Svineryggen	properNoun	swe	Svineryggen	properNoun	nor
Svinesundsbroen	properNoun	swe	Svinesundsbroen	properNoun	nor
Svingen	properNoun	swe	Svingen	properNoun	nor
Svingen terrasse	properNoun	swe	Svingen terrasse	properNoun	nor
Svinten	properNoun	swe	Svinten	properNoun	nor
Svinvik	properNoun	swe	Svinvik	properNoun	nor
Svo	properNoun	swe	Svo	properNoun	nor
Svoldal	properNoun	swe	Svoldal	properNoun	nor
Svoldergata	properNoun	swe	Svoldergata	properNoun	nor
Svolders gate	properNoun	swe	Svolders gate	properNoun	nor
Svoldersvei	properNoun	swe	Svoldersvei	properNoun	nor
Svovelstikka	properNoun	swe	Svovelstikka	properNoun	nor
Svølgja	properNoun	swe	Svølgja	properNoun	nor
Syd Fossum	properNoun	swe	Syd Fossum	properNoun	nor
Syd Georgiagata	properNoun	swe	Syd Georgiagata	properNoun	nor
Sydnes	properNoun	swe	Sydnes	properNoun	nor
Sydnesgaten	properNoun	swe	Sydnesgaten	properNoun	nor
Sydneshaugen	properNoun	swe	Sydneshaugen	properNoun	nor
Sydneskleiven	properNoun	swe	Sydneskleiven	properNoun	nor
Sydnesplassen	properNoun	swe	Sydnesplassen	properNoun	nor
Sydnessmauet	properNoun	swe	Sydnessmauet	properNoun	nor
Syenittveien	properNoun	swe	Syenittveien	properNoun	nor
Sygnagaten	properNoun	swe	Sygnagaten	properNoun	nor
Sykehjemsveien	properNoun	swe	Sykehjemsveien	properNoun	nor
Sykehusgata	properNoun	swe	Sykehusgata	properNoun	nor
Sykehusstien	properNoun	swe	Sykehusstien	properNoun	nor
Sykehusveien	properNoun	swe	Sykehusveien	properNoun	nor
Symreveien	properNoun	swe	Symreveien	properNoun	nor
Synningavegen	properNoun	swe	Synningavegen	properNoun	nor
Synnøves veg	properNoun	swe	Synnøves veg	properNoun	nor
Syrbekkveien	properNoun	swe	Syrbekkveien	properNoun	nor
Syrenveien	properNoun	swe	Syrenveien	properNoun	nor
Syrinveien	properNoun	swe	Syrinveien	properNoun	nor
Syver Kristiansens vei	properNoun	swe	Syver Kristiansens vei	properNoun	nor
Sædal	properNoun	swe	Sædal	properNoun	nor
Sædalssvingene	properNoun	swe	Sædalssvingene	properNoun	nor
Sædalsveien	properNoun	swe	Sædalsveien	properNoun	nor
Sæheimsveien	properNoun	swe	Sæheimsveien	properNoun	nor
Sælenveien	properNoun	swe	Sælenveien	properNoun	nor
Sæls vei	properNoun	swe	Sæls vei	properNoun	nor
Sætermoveien	properNoun	swe	Sætermoveien	properNoun	nor
Sæterstølvegen	properNoun	swe	Sæterstølvegen	properNoun	nor
Sæterveien	properNoun	swe	Sæterveien	properNoun	nor
Sætherenga	properNoun	swe	Sætherenga	properNoun	nor
Sætrefjellet	properNoun	swe	Sætrefjellet	properNoun	nor
Sætrevegen	properNoun	swe	Sætrevegen	properNoun	nor
Sæveruds plass	properNoun	swe	Sæveruds plass	properNoun	nor
Sævik	properNoun	swe	Sævik	properNoun	nor
Søberggangen	properNoun	swe	Søberggangen	properNoun	nor
Sødtholdtveien	properNoun	swe	Sødtholdtveien	properNoun	nor
Søebergs gate	properNoun	swe	Søebergs gate	properNoun	nor
Søebergtorget	properNoun	swe	Søebergtorget	properNoun	nor
Sølvberget	properNoun	swe	Sølvberget	properNoun	nor
Sølve Solfengs vei	properNoun	swe	Sølve Solfengs vei	properNoun	nor
Sølvfaksveien	properNoun	swe	Sølvfaksveien	properNoun	nor
Sølvposten	properNoun	swe	Sølvposten	properNoun	nor
Sølvverksgata	properNoun	swe	Sølvverksgata	properNoun	nor
Sømveien	properNoun	swe	Sømveien	properNoun	nor
Søndre allé	properNoun	swe	Søndre allé	properNoun	nor
Søndre Allmenningen	properNoun	swe	Søndre Allmenningen	properNoun	nor
Søndre Bellevueveien	properNoun	swe	Søndre Bellevueveien	properNoun	nor
Søndre berg	properNoun	swe	Søndre berg	properNoun	nor
Søndre Beverveien	properNoun	swe	Søndre Beverveien	properNoun	nor
Søndre Blekeveien	properNoun	swe	Søndre Blekeveien	properNoun	nor
Søndre Bruserød vei	properNoun	swe	Søndre Bruserød vei	properNoun	nor
Søndre Evjuvei	properNoun	swe	Søndre Evjuvei	properNoun	nor
Søndre Furudalen	properNoun	swe	Søndre Furudalen	properNoun	nor
Søndre gate	properNoun	swe	Søndre gate	properNoun	nor
Søndre Gjekstadskog	properNoun	swe	Søndre Gjekstadskog	properNoun	nor
Søndre Gjettum	properNoun	swe	Søndre Gjettum	properNoun	nor
Søndre Holt	properNoun	swe	Søndre Holt	properNoun	nor
Søndre Hulveien	properNoun	swe	Søndre Hulveien	properNoun	nor
Søndre Kleivesmauet	properNoun	swe	Søndre Kleivesmauet	properNoun	nor
Søndre Kullerød	properNoun	swe	Søndre Kullerød	properNoun	nor
Søndre Munkelivsgaten	properNoun	swe	Søndre Munkelivsgaten	properNoun	nor
Søndre Møhlenprisveien	properNoun	swe	Søndre Møhlenprisveien	properNoun	nor
Søndre Nyhaugåsen	properNoun	swe	Søndre Nyhaugåsen	properNoun	nor
Søndre Ravnedalen	properNoun	swe	Søndre Ravnedalen	properNoun	nor
Søndre Renen	properNoun	swe	Søndre Renen	properNoun	nor
Søndre Ruavei	properNoun	swe	Søndre Ruavei	properNoun	nor
Söndre Ruklegade	properNoun	swe	Söndre Ruklegade	properNoun	nor
Søndre Rød	properNoun	swe	Søndre Rød	properNoun	nor
Søndre Skarsvåg	properNoun	swe	Søndre Skarsvåg	properNoun	nor
Søndre Skogveien	properNoun	swe	Søndre Skogveien	properNoun	nor
Søndre Steinkjellersmauet	properNoun	swe	Søndre Steinkjellersmauet	properNoun	nor
Søndre stiger	properNoun	swe	Søndre stiger	properNoun	nor
Søndre Strandgate	properNoun	swe	Søndre Strandgate	properNoun	nor
Søndre Van Der Weldes vei	properNoun	swe	Søndre Van Der Weldes vei	properNoun	nor
Søndre villavei	properNoun	swe	Søndre villavei	properNoun	nor
Søndre Vøra	properNoun	swe	Søndre Vøra	properNoun	nor
Søndre Øyjorden	properNoun	swe	Søndre Øyjorden	properNoun	nor
Sønsetveien	properNoun	swe	Sønsetveien	properNoun	nor
Sørbråten	properNoun	swe	Sørbråten	properNoun	nor
Sørbråtveien	properNoun	swe	Sørbråtveien	properNoun	nor
Sørbyhaugen	properNoun	swe	Sørbyhaugen	properNoun	nor
Søre Brurås	properNoun	swe	Søre Brurås	properNoun	nor
Sørehavnveien	properNoun	swe	Sørehavnveien	properNoun	nor
Søreidneset	properNoun	swe	Søreidneset	properNoun	nor
Søreidtræet	properNoun	swe	Søreidtræet	properNoun	nor
Søreidtunet	properNoun	swe	Søreidtunet	properNoun	nor
Søreidåsen	properNoun	swe	Søreidåsen	properNoun	nor
Søren Bulls vei	properNoun	swe	Søren Bulls vei	properNoun	nor
Sørengkaia	properNoun	swe	Sørengkaia	properNoun	nor
Søren Jaabæks gate	properNoun	swe	Søren Jaabæks gate	properNoun	nor
Søren Jaabæks vei	properNoun	swe	Søren Jaabæks vei	properNoun	nor
Sørensvei	properNoun	swe	Sørensvei	properNoun	nor
Søre Skulstad	properNoun	swe	Søre Skulstad	properNoun	nor
Søre Titlestad	properNoun	swe	Søre Titlestad	properNoun	nor
Søre Tuft	properNoun	swe	Søre Tuft	properNoun	nor
Søre Vallavegen	properNoun	swe	Søre Vallavegen	properNoun	nor
Sørfjordvegen	properNoun	swe	Sørfjordvegen	properNoun	nor
Sørgrensen	properNoun	swe	Sørgrensen	properNoun	nor
Sørhagen	properNoun	swe	Sørhagen	properNoun	nor
Sørhalla	properNoun	swe	Sørhalla	properNoun	nor
Sørhaugen	properNoun	swe	Sørhaugen	properNoun	nor
Sørhellinga	properNoun	swe	Sørhellinga	properNoun	nor
Sørholmsveien	properNoun	swe	Sørholmsveien	properNoun	nor
Sørkedalen	properNoun	swe	Sørkedalen	properNoun	nor
Sørkedalsveien	properNoun	swe	Sørkedalsveien	properNoun	nor
Sørlandske hovedvei	properNoun	swe	Sørlandske hovedvei	properNoun	nor
Sørlia	properNoun	swe	Sørlia	properNoun	nor
Sørlibakken	properNoun	swe	Sørlibakken	properNoun	nor
Sørligata	properNoun	swe	Sørligata	properNoun	nor
Sørli plass	properNoun	swe	Sørli plass	properNoun	nor
Sørlistien	properNoun	swe	Sørlistien	properNoun	nor
Sørliveien	properNoun	swe	Sørliveien	properNoun	nor
Sørsiden	properNoun	swe	Sørsiden	properNoun	nor
Sørskarva	properNoun	swe	Sørskarva	properNoun	nor
Sørsletta	properNoun	swe	Sørsletta	properNoun	nor
Sørstien	properNoun	swe	Sørstien	properNoun	nor
Sørsundveien	properNoun	swe	Sørsundveien	properNoun	nor
Sørsvingen	properNoun	swe	Sørsvingen	properNoun	nor
Sørumgata	properNoun	swe	Sørumgata	properNoun	nor
Sørvangen	properNoun	swe	Sørvangen	properNoun	nor
Sørvesten	properNoun	swe	Sørvesten	properNoun	nor
Søråsbrotet	properNoun	swe	Søråsbrotet	properNoun	nor
Søråsen	properNoun	swe	Søråsen	properNoun	nor
Søråshøgda	properNoun	swe	Søråshøgda	properNoun	nor
Søstergården	properNoun	swe	Søstergården	properNoun	nor
Søthullet	properNoun	swe	Søthullet	properNoun	nor
Søvikdalen	properNoun	swe	Søvikdalen	properNoun	nor
Søvikgeilen	properNoun	swe	Søvikgeilen	properNoun	nor
Søvikhaugen	properNoun	swe	Søvikhaugen	properNoun	nor
Søvikheia	properNoun	swe	Søvikheia	properNoun	nor
Søvikmarka	properNoun	swe	Søvikmarka	properNoun	nor
Søvikneset	properNoun	swe	Søvikneset	properNoun	nor
Sågas vei	properNoun	swe	Sågas vei	properNoun	nor
Såtevegen	properNoun	swe	Såtevegen	properNoun	nor
Saatvedtveien	properNoun	swe	Saatvedtveien	properNoun	nor
Tagtvedtveien	properNoun	swe	Tagtvedtveien	properNoun	nor
Takvam	properNoun	swe	Takvam	properNoun	nor
Takvamvegen	properNoun	swe	Takvamvegen	properNoun	nor
Talgje	properNoun	swe	Talgje	properNoun	nor
Tallak Nielsens gate	properNoun	swe	Tallak Nielsens gate	properNoun	nor
Tallakshavn	properNoun	swe	Tallakshavn	properNoun	nor
Tallbergveien	properNoun	swe	Tallbergveien	properNoun	nor
Tamburveien	properNoun	swe	Tamburveien	properNoun	nor
Tandebakken	properNoun	swe	Tandebakken	properNoun	nor
Tang	properNoun	swe	Tang	properNoun	nor
Tangenlia	properNoun	swe	Tangenlia	properNoun	nor
Tangenodden	properNoun	swe	Tangenodden	properNoun	nor
Tangenveien	properNoun	swe	Tangenveien	properNoun	nor
Tangerudbakken	properNoun	swe	Tangerudbakken	properNoun	nor
Tangerudveien	properNoun	swe	Tangerudveien	properNoun	nor
Tangstien	properNoun	swe	Tangstien	properNoun	nor
Tangvallveien	properNoun	swe	Tangvallveien	properNoun	nor
Tangveien	properNoun	swe	Tangveien	properNoun	nor
Tankveien	properNoun	swe	Tankveien	properNoun	nor
Tante Liseveien	properNoun	swe	Tante Liseveien	properNoun	nor
Tante Ulrikkes vei	properNoun	swe	Tante Ulrikkes vei	properNoun	nor
Tanumveien	properNoun	swe	Tanumveien	properNoun	nor
Tappen	properNoun	swe	Tappen	properNoun	nor
Taranrødveien	properNoun	swe	Taranrødveien	properNoun	nor
Tareveien	properNoun	swe	Tareveien	properNoun	nor
Tarlebøveien	properNoun	swe	Tarlebøveien	properNoun	nor
Tartargaten	properNoun	swe	Tartargaten	properNoun	nor
Tassebekkveien	properNoun	swe	Tassebekkveien	properNoun	nor
Taulesplass	properNoun	swe	Taulesplass	properNoun	nor
Teatergata	properNoun	swe	Teatergata	properNoun	nor
Teatergaten	properNoun	swe	Teatergaten	properNoun	nor
Teaterplassen	properNoun	swe	Teaterplassen	properNoun	nor
Teglhageveien	properNoun	swe	Teglhageveien	properNoun	nor
Teglverksgata	properNoun	swe	Teglverksgata	properNoun	nor
Teglverkskroken	properNoun	swe	Teglverkskroken	properNoun	nor
Teglverksveien	properNoun	swe	Teglverksveien	properNoun	nor
Tegnestiften	properNoun	swe	Tegnestiften	properNoun	nor
Teigaberg	properNoun	swe	Teigaberg	properNoun	nor
Teigane	properNoun	swe	Teigane	properNoun	nor
Teiganeset	properNoun	swe	Teiganeset	properNoun	nor
Teigenveien	properNoun	swe	Teigenveien	properNoun	nor
Teiglandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Teiglandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Teisenveien	properNoun	swe	Teisenveien	properNoun	nor
Teisteveien	properNoun	swe	Teisteveien	properNoun	nor
Teistholmsundet	properNoun	swe	Teistholmsundet	properNoun	nor
Teistholmveien	properNoun	swe	Teistholmveien	properNoun	nor
Teistveien	properNoun	swe	Teistveien	properNoun	nor
Teknologivegen	properNoun	swe	Teknologivegen	properNoun	nor
Teksleåsen	properNoun	swe	Teksleåsen	properNoun	nor
Telavåggata	properNoun	swe	Telavåggata	properNoun	nor
Telegrafalleen	properNoun	swe	Telegrafalleen	properNoun	nor
Telemarksporten	properNoun	swe	Telemarksporten	properNoun	nor
Telemarksvingen	properNoun	swe	Telemarksvingen	properNoun	nor
Teleplanlokket	properNoun	swe	Teleplanlokket	properNoun	nor
Telesvingen	properNoun	swe	Telesvingen	properNoun	nor
Tellevikvegen	properNoun	swe	Tellevikvegen	properNoun	nor
Tellusvegen	properNoun	swe	Tellusvegen	properNoun	nor
Tellusveien	properNoun	swe	Tellusveien	properNoun	nor
Telthusbakken	properNoun	swe	Telthusbakken	properNoun	nor
Telthussmauet	properNoun	swe	Telthussmauet	properNoun	nor
Tempelkroken	properNoun	swe	Tempelkroken	properNoun	nor
Tempoveien	properNoun	swe	Tempoveien	properNoun	nor
Temsengen	properNoun	swe	Temsengen	properNoun	nor
Tennisveien	properNoun	swe	Tennisveien	properNoun	nor
Teppaveien	properNoun	swe	Teppaveien	properNoun	nor
Terminalveien	properNoun	swe	Terminalveien	properNoun	nor
Terneveien	properNoun	swe	Terneveien	properNoun	nor
Terningbekk	properNoun	swe	Terningbekk	properNoun	nor
Terrasseveien	properNoun	swe	Terrasseveien	properNoun	nor
Terrengveien	properNoun	swe	Terrengveien	properNoun	nor
Tertitten	properNoun	swe	Tertitten	properNoun	nor
Tertittveien	properNoun	swe	Tertittveien	properNoun	nor
Tertnesflaten	properNoun	swe	Tertnesflaten	properNoun	nor
Tertnesgrenden	properNoun	swe	Tertnesgrenden	properNoun	nor
Tertneshøyden	properNoun	swe	Tertneshøyden	properNoun	nor
Tertnesveien	properNoun	swe	Tertnesveien	properNoun	nor
Tertnesåsen	properNoun	swe	Tertnesåsen	properNoun	nor
Tevlingveien	properNoun	swe	Tevlingveien	properNoun	nor
Thaulows gate	properNoun	swe	Thaulows gate	properNoun	nor
Thaulows vei	properNoun	swe	Thaulows vei	properNoun	nor
Theodor Dahls vei	properNoun	swe	Theodor Dahls vei	properNoun	nor
Theodor Fusches vei	properNoun	swe	Theodor Fusches vei	properNoun	nor
Theodor Kittelsens plass	properNoun	swe	Theodor Kittelsens plass	properNoun	nor
Theodor Løvstads vei	properNoun	swe	Theodor Løvstads vei	properNoun	nor
Thereses gate	properNoun	swe	Thereses gate	properNoun	nor
Th J Thorsensgate	properNoun	swe	Th J Thorsensgate	properNoun	nor
Th. Kittelsens vei	properNoun	swe	Th. Kittelsens vei	properNoun	nor
Thomasdalen	properNoun	swe	Thomasdalen	properNoun	nor
Thomas Heftyes gate	properNoun	swe	Thomas Heftyes gate	properNoun	nor
Thomas Heftyes plass	properNoun	swe	Thomas Heftyes plass	properNoun	nor
Thomasstien	properNoun	swe	Thomasstien	properNoun	nor
Thomas Ulvens vei	properNoun	swe	Thomas Ulvens vei	properNoun	nor
Thomles gate	properNoun	swe	Thomles gate	properNoun	nor
Thommessens vei	properNoun	swe	Thommessens vei	properNoun	nor
Thorbjørn Egners plass	properNoun	swe	Thorbjørn Egners plass	properNoun	nor
Thor Bryns gate	properNoun	swe	Thor Bryns gate	properNoun	nor
Thor Dahls gate	properNoun	swe	Thor Dahls gate	properNoun	nor
Thor Heyerdahls gate	properNoun	swe	Thor Heyerdahls gate	properNoun	nor
Thorleif Haugs vei	properNoun	swe	Thorleif Haugs vei	properNoun	nor
Thorleif Kleves torg	properNoun	swe	Thorleif Kleves torg	properNoun	nor
Thorleifs allé	properNoun	swe	Thorleifs allé	properNoun	nor
Thormøhlens gate	properNoun	swe	Thormøhlens gate	properNoun	nor
Thorn Dønhaugs vei	properNoun	swe	Thorn Dønhaugs vei	properNoun	nor
Thornes gate	properNoun	swe	Thornes gate	properNoun	nor
Thornes vei	properNoun	swe	Thornes vei	properNoun	nor
Thor Olsens gate	properNoun	swe	Thor Olsens gate	properNoun	nor
Thorsholmen	properNoun	swe	Thorsholmen	properNoun	nor
Thorstein Stenbeks vei	properNoun	swe	Thorstein Stenbeks vei	properNoun	nor
Thorvald Erichsens vei	properNoun	swe	Thorvald Erichsens vei	properNoun	nor
Thorvald Meyers gate	properNoun	swe	Thorvald Meyers gate	properNoun	nor
Thorøyaveien	properNoun	swe	Thorøyaveien	properNoun	nor
Thostrupshaven	properNoun	swe	Thostrupshaven	properNoun	nor
Thostrupsvei	properNoun	swe	Thostrupsvei	properNoun	nor
Thulstrups gate	properNoun	swe	Thulstrups gate	properNoun	nor
Thunes vei	properNoun	swe	Thunes vei	properNoun	nor
Thurmanns gate	properNoun	swe	Thurmanns gate	properNoun	nor
Thygesons gate	properNoun	swe	Thygesons gate	properNoun	nor
Thygesons vei	properNoun	swe	Thygesons vei	properNoun	nor
Tidemands gate	properNoun	swe	Tidemands gate	properNoun	nor
Tillesløkka	properNoun	swe	Tillesløkka	properNoun	nor
Tillischbakken	properNoun	swe	Tillischbakken	properNoun	nor
Timhøyen	properNoun	swe	Timhøyen	properNoun	nor
Timoteiveien	properNoun	swe	Timoteiveien	properNoun	nor
Tingstuveien	properNoun	swe	Tingstuveien	properNoun	nor
Tingveien	properNoun	swe	Tingveien	properNoun	nor
Tinius Olsens gate	properNoun	swe	Tinius Olsens gate	properNoun	nor
Tinnstien	properNoun	swe	Tinnstien	properNoun	nor
Tipphaugen	properNoun	swe	Tipphaugen	properNoun	nor
Tiriltunga	properNoun	swe	Tiriltunga	properNoun	nor
Tirilveien	properNoun	swe	Tirilveien	properNoun	nor
Tirnes	properNoun	swe	Tirnes	properNoun	nor
Tirsås	properNoun	swe	Tirsås	properNoun	nor
Tislegårdveien	properNoun	swe	Tislegårdveien	properNoun	nor
Titanveien	properNoun	swe	Titanveien	properNoun	nor
Titlestadveien	properNoun	swe	Titlestadveien	properNoun	nor
Tittuten	properNoun	swe	Tittuten	properNoun	nor
Tittutgrenda	properNoun	swe	Tittutgrenda	properNoun	nor
Tittutveien	properNoun	swe	Tittutveien	properNoun	nor
Tiurvegen	properNoun	swe	Tiurvegen	properNoun	nor
Tiurveien	properNoun	swe	Tiurveien	properNoun	nor
Tjalves vei	properNoun	swe	Tjalves vei	properNoun	nor
Tjeldveien	properNoun	swe	Tjeldveien	properNoun	nor
Tjernfaret	properNoun	swe	Tjernfaret	properNoun	nor
Tjernlia	properNoun	swe	Tjernlia	properNoun	nor
Tjernsmyra	properNoun	swe	Tjernsmyra	properNoun	nor
Tjernsrudveien	properNoun	swe	Tjernsrudveien	properNoun	nor
Tjernvegen	properNoun	swe	Tjernvegen	properNoun	nor
Tjernveien	properNoun	swe	Tjernveien	properNoun	nor
Tjonerudbakken	properNoun	swe	Tjonerudbakken	properNoun	nor
Tjonerudveien	properNoun	swe	Tjonerudveien	properNoun	nor
Tjuvholmen	properNoun	swe	Tjuvholmen	properNoun	nor
Tjuvholmen allé	properNoun	swe	Tjuvholmen allé	properNoun	nor
Tjuvikvegen	properNoun	swe	Tjuvikvegen	properNoun	nor
Tjærildveien	properNoun	swe	Tjærildveien	properNoun	nor
Tjøllinggaten	properNoun	swe	Tjøllinggaten	properNoun	nor
Tjøllingveien	properNoun	swe	Tjøllingveien	properNoun	nor
Tjømegaten	properNoun	swe	Tjømegaten	properNoun	nor
Tjørnhaugen	properNoun	swe	Tjørnhaugen	properNoun	nor
Tobias Kupfers vei	properNoun	swe	Tobias Kupfers vei	properNoun	nor
Todnhaugen	properNoun	swe	Todnhaugen	properNoun	nor
Toftdahls vei	properNoun	swe	Toftdahls vei	properNoun	nor
Toftegata	properNoun	swe	Toftegata	properNoun	nor
Toftes gate	properNoun	swe	Toftes gate	properNoun	nor
Tokagjel	properNoun	swe	Tokagjel	properNoun	nor
Tokerudbekken	properNoun	swe	Tokerudbekken	properNoun	nor
Tokerudberget	properNoun	swe	Tokerudberget	properNoun	nor
Tokeruddalen	properNoun	swe	Tokeruddalen	properNoun	nor
Tokerudkollen	properNoun	swe	Tokerudkollen	properNoun	nor
Tokerudveien	properNoun	swe	Tokerudveien	properNoun	nor
Tokes vei	properNoun	swe	Tokes vei	properNoun	nor
Tokkeveien	properNoun	swe	Tokkeveien	properNoun	nor
Toline Bryhns veg	properNoun	swe	Toline Bryhns veg	properNoun	nor
Tolines vei	properNoun	swe	Tolines vei	properNoun	nor
Tollbodallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Tollbodallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Tollbodgaten	properNoun	swe	Tollbodgaten	properNoun	nor
Tollbodgaten	properNoun	swe	Tollbodgaten	properNoun	nor
Tollbugata	properNoun	swe	Tollbugata	properNoun	nor
Tollef Gravs vei	properNoun	swe	Tollef Gravs vei	properNoun	nor
Tollehaugveien	properNoun	swe	Tollehaugveien	properNoun	nor
Tollovsvei	properNoun	swe	Tollovsvei	properNoun	nor
Tollumløkka	properNoun	swe	Tollumløkka	properNoun	nor
Tolsrødveien	properNoun	swe	Tolsrødveien	properNoun	nor
Tolverudveien	properNoun	swe	Tolverudveien	properNoun	nor
Tolvsrødveien	properNoun	swe	Tolvsrødveien	properNoun	nor
Tommelitens vei	properNoun	swe	Tommelitens vei	properNoun	nor
Tomm Murstadbakken	properNoun	swe	Tomm Murstadbakken	properNoun	nor
Tomsbakken	properNoun	swe	Tomsbakken	properNoun	nor
Tomtegangen	properNoun	swe	Tomtegangen	properNoun	nor
Tomtegata	properNoun	swe	Tomtegata	properNoun	nor
Tomtestredet	properNoun	swe	Tomtestredet	properNoun	nor
Tomtestubben	properNoun	swe	Tomtestubben	properNoun	nor
Tonsenveien	properNoun	swe	Tonsenveien	properNoun	nor
Toppe	properNoun	swe	Toppe	properNoun	nor
Toppemyr	properNoun	swe	Toppemyr	properNoun	nor
Toppen	properNoun	swe	Toppen	properNoun	nor
Toppenhaugberget	properNoun	swe	Toppenhaugberget	properNoun	nor
Toppevegen	properNoun	swe	Toppevegen	properNoun	nor
Toppåsjordet	properNoun	swe	Toppåsjordet	properNoun	nor
Toppåsveien	properNoun	swe	Toppåsveien	properNoun	nor
Torbjørns veg	properNoun	swe	Torbjørns veg	properNoun	nor
Torbjørns vei	properNoun	swe	Torbjørns vei	properNoun	nor
Torborg Nedreaas' gate	properNoun	swe	Torborg Nedreaas' gate	properNoun	nor
Tordenskiolds gate	properNoun	swe	Tordenskiolds gate	properNoun	nor
Tordenskiolds plass	properNoun	swe	Tordenskiolds plass	properNoun	nor
Tordenskjoldsgate	properNoun	swe	Tordenskjoldsgate	properNoun	nor
Tordenskjolds gate	properNoun	swe	Tordenskjolds gate	properNoun	nor
Tordenskjolds gate	properNoun	swe	Tordenskjolds gate	properNoun	nor
Tordis vei	properNoun	swe	Tordis vei	properNoun	nor
Tordivelveien	properNoun	swe	Tordivelveien	properNoun	nor
Tore Hals Mejdells vei	properNoun	swe	Tore Hals Mejdells vei	properNoun	nor
Tore Hunds vei	properNoun	swe	Tore Hunds vei	properNoun	nor
Tores vei	properNoun	swe	Tores vei	properNoun	nor
Torgallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Torgallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Torgeir Forseths veg	properNoun	swe	Torgeir Forseths veg	properNoun	nor
Torgersøya	properNoun	swe	Torgersøya	properNoun	nor
Torggangen	properNoun	swe	Torggangen	properNoun	nor
Torggata	properNoun	swe	Torggata	properNoun	nor
Torggaten	properNoun	swe	Torggaten	properNoun	nor
Torgilsberg	properNoun	swe	Torgilsberg	properNoun	nor
Torgilshol	properNoun	swe	Torgilshol	properNoun	nor
Torgny Segerstedts vei	properNoun	swe	Torgny Segerstedts vei	properNoun	nor
Torgrimsli	properNoun	swe	Torgrimsli	properNoun	nor
Torilds vei	properNoun	swe	Torilds vei	properNoun	nor
Tor Jonssons veg	properNoun	swe	Tor Jonssons veg	properNoun	nor
Torjusbakken	properNoun	swe	Torjusbakken	properNoun	nor
Torkegutua	properNoun	swe	Torkegutua	properNoun	nor
Torkeskogvegen	properNoun	swe	Torkeskogvegen	properNoun	nor
Torkesvingen	properNoun	swe	Torkesvingen	properNoun	nor
Torke Terrasse	properNoun	swe	Torke Terrasse	properNoun	nor
Torkevegen	properNoun	swe	Torkevegen	properNoun	nor
Tormod Knutsons vei	properNoun	swe	Tormod Knutsons vei	properNoun	nor
Tormods vei	properNoun	swe	Tormods vei	properNoun	nor
Tornveien	properNoun	swe	Tornveien	properNoun	nor
Torpevikveien	properNoun	swe	Torpevikveien	properNoun	nor
Torpveien	properNoun	swe	Torpveien	properNoun	nor
Torsborgveien	properNoun	swe	Torsborgveien	properNoun	nor
Tors gate	properNoun	swe	Tors gate	properNoun	nor
Torshovgata	properNoun	swe	Torshovgata	properNoun	nor
Torsketrøa	properNoun	swe	Torsketrøa	properNoun	nor
Torsnes	properNoun	swe	Torsnes	properNoun	nor
Torsteins vei	properNoun	swe	Torsteins vei	properNoun	nor
Torstrands torg	properNoun	swe	Torstrands torg	properNoun	nor
Torstølveien	properNoun	swe	Torstølveien	properNoun	nor
Torsvei	properNoun	swe	Torsvei	properNoun	nor
Tors vei	properNoun	swe	Tors vei	properNoun	nor
Tortenlia	properNoun	swe	Tortenlia	properNoun	nor
Torvbakken	properNoun	swe	Torvbakken	properNoun	nor
Torvbakkgata	properNoun	swe	Torvbakkgata	properNoun	nor
Torvdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Torvdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Torvet	properNoun	swe	Torvet	properNoun	nor
Torvfjellet	properNoun	swe	Torvfjellet	properNoun	nor
Torvgata	properNoun	swe	Torvgata	properNoun	nor
Torvgaten	properNoun	swe	Torvgaten	properNoun	nor
Torvhaugan	properNoun	swe	Torvhaugan	properNoun	nor
Torvli	properNoun	swe	Torvli	properNoun	nor
Torvmyrveien	properNoun	swe	Torvmyrveien	properNoun	nor
Torvplassen	properNoun	swe	Torvplassen	properNoun	nor
Torvstakken	properNoun	swe	Torvstakken	properNoun	nor
Torvtrøa	properNoun	swe	Torvtrøa	properNoun	nor
Tossen	properNoun	swe	Tossen	properNoun	nor
Tostrups gate	properNoun	swe	Tostrups gate	properNoun	nor
Tostrup terrasse	properNoun	swe	Tostrup terrasse	properNoun	nor
Totengata	properNoun	swe	Totengata	properNoun	nor
Totlandsveien	properNoun	swe	Totlandsveien	properNoun	nor
Traktorveien	properNoun	swe	Traktorveien	properNoun	nor
Tranberglia	properNoun	swe	Tranberglia	properNoun	nor
Tranbergvegen	properNoun	swe	Tranbergvegen	properNoun	nor
Tranebærvegen	properNoun	swe	Tranebærvegen	properNoun	nor
Tranehaugen	properNoun	swe	Tranehaugen	properNoun	nor
Traneveien	properNoun	swe	Traneveien	properNoun	nor
Trangesmauet	properNoun	swe	Trangesmauet	properNoun	nor
Trapesveien	properNoun	swe	Trapesveien	properNoun	nor
Trappa	properNoun	swe	Trappa	properNoun	nor
Trappegata	properNoun	swe	Trappegata	properNoun	nor
Trasopgata	properNoun	swe	Trasopgata	properNoun	nor
Trasoppterrassen	properNoun	swe	Trasoppterrassen	properNoun	nor
Trasoppveien	properNoun	swe	Trasoppveien	properNoun	nor
Traudalen	properNoun	swe	Traudalen	properNoun	nor
Traudalsgrend	properNoun	swe	Traudalsgrend	properNoun	nor
Traverveien	properNoun	swe	Traverveien	properNoun	nor
Travparkvegen	properNoun	swe	Travparkvegen	properNoun	nor
Travveien	properNoun	swe	Travveien	properNoun	nor
Treatrumsgata	properNoun	swe	Treatrumsgata	properNoun	nor
Trelastgata	properNoun	swe	Trelastgata	properNoun	nor
Trengereidbrekka	properNoun	swe	Trengereidbrekka	properNoun	nor
Trengereidgeila	properNoun	swe	Trengereidgeila	properNoun	nor
Trengereidlia	properNoun	swe	Trengereidlia	properNoun	nor
Trengereidsvingane	properNoun	swe	Trengereidsvingane	properNoun	nor
Trengereidtunnel	properNoun	swe	Trengereidtunnel	properNoun	nor
Trengereidtunnelen	properNoun	swe	Trengereidtunnelen	properNoun	nor
Treschows gate	properNoun	swe	Treschows gate	properNoun	nor
Treskeveien	properNoun	swe	Treskeveien	properNoun	nor
Trestegveien	properNoun	swe	Trestegveien	properNoun	nor
Trettebakken	properNoun	swe	Trettebakken	properNoun	nor
Tretteberg	properNoun	swe	Tretteberg	properNoun	nor
Trettøy	properNoun	swe	Trettøy	properNoun	nor
Trevland	properNoun	swe	Trevland	properNoun	nor
Triangelveien	properNoun	swe	Triangelveien	properNoun	nor
Trikkestien	properNoun	swe	Trikkestien	properNoun	nor
Trimmen	properNoun	swe	Trimmen	properNoun	nor
Trimveien	properNoun	swe	Trimveien	properNoun	nor
Trodal	properNoun	swe	Trodal	properNoun	nor
Trodlaskar	properNoun	swe	Trodlaskar	properNoun	nor
Troldhaug	properNoun	swe	Troldhaug	properNoun	nor
Troldhaugveien	properNoun	swe	Troldhaugveien	properNoun	nor
Trollbakken	properNoun	swe	Trollbakken	properNoun	nor
Trolldalen	properNoun	swe	Trolldalen	properNoun	nor
Trolldalsveien	properNoun	swe	Trolldalsveien	properNoun	nor
Trollfaret	properNoun	swe	Trollfaret	properNoun	nor
Trollhaugveien	properNoun	swe	Trollhaugveien	properNoun	nor
Trollheggveien	properNoun	swe	Trollheggveien	properNoun	nor
Trollheim	properNoun	swe	Trollheim	properNoun	nor
Trollien	properNoun	swe	Trollien	properNoun	nor
Trolljuv 1	properNoun	swe	Trolljuv 1	properNoun	nor
Trolljuv 2	properNoun	swe	Trolljuv 2	properNoun	nor
Trollkone	properNoun	swe	Trollkone	properNoun	nor
Trollsteinenga	properNoun	swe	Trollsteinenga	properNoun	nor
Trollstien	properNoun	swe	Trollstien	properNoun	nor
Trollsvingen	properNoun	swe	Trollsvingen	properNoun	nor
Trollsåsveien	properNoun	swe	Trollsåsveien	properNoun	nor
Trollveien	properNoun	swe	Trollveien	properNoun	nor
Trollvikbukta	properNoun	swe	Trollvikbukta	properNoun	nor
Trollvikveien	properNoun	swe	Trollvikveien	properNoun	nor
Trollvikøyra	properNoun	swe	Trollvikøyra	properNoun	nor
Trollåsveien	properNoun	swe	Trollåsveien	properNoun	nor
Tromsøgata	properNoun	swe	Tromsøgata	properNoun	nor
Tromsøysund	properNoun	swe	Tromsøysund	properNoun	nor
Trondalsbyveien	properNoun	swe	Trondalsbyveien	properNoun	nor
Trondheimsveien	properNoun	swe	Trondheimsveien	properNoun	nor
Trondhjemsvegen	properNoun	swe	Trondhjemsvegen	properNoun	nor
Tronsborgveien	properNoun	swe	Tronsborgveien	properNoun	nor
Tronvik	properNoun	swe	Tronvik	properNoun	nor
Trostefaret	properNoun	swe	Trostefaret	properNoun	nor
Trosterudstien	properNoun	swe	Trosterudstien	properNoun	nor
Trosterudveien	properNoun	swe	Trosterudveien	properNoun	nor
Trosteveien	properNoun	swe	Trosteveien	properNoun	nor
Trudvangkroken	properNoun	swe	Trudvangkroken	properNoun	nor
Trudvangveien	properNoun	swe	Trudvangveien	properNoun	nor
Trulleåsen	properNoun	swe	Trulleåsen	properNoun	nor
Trulsebråten	properNoun	swe	Trulsebråten	properNoun	nor
Trulsrudgata	properNoun	swe	Trulsrudgata	properNoun	nor
Trulsrudlia	properNoun	swe	Trulsrudlia	properNoun	nor
Trulsrudskogen	properNoun	swe	Trulsrudskogen	properNoun	nor
Trygve Lies plass	properNoun	swe	Trygve Lies plass	properNoun	nor
Trygve Nilsens vei	properNoun	swe	Trygve Nilsens vei	properNoun	nor
Trygve Næss vei	properNoun	swe	Trygve Næss vei	properNoun	nor
Trygve Ryens vei	properNoun	swe	Trygve Ryens vei	properNoun	nor
Trygves gate	properNoun	swe	Trygves gate	properNoun	nor
Trygve Strømbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Trygve Strømbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Tryms veg	properNoun	swe	Tryms veg	properNoun	nor
Trymsvei	properNoun	swe	Trymsvei	properNoun	nor
Tryms vei	properNoun	swe	Tryms vei	properNoun	nor
Trysdal	properNoun	swe	Trysdal	properNoun	nor
Trysilgata	properNoun	swe	Trysilgata	properNoun	nor
Trysil-Knuts vei	properNoun	swe	Trysil-Knuts vei	properNoun	nor
Tryvannsveien	properNoun	swe	Tryvannsveien	properNoun	nor
Træleborgodden	properNoun	swe	Træleborgodden	properNoun	nor
Træleborgveien	properNoun	swe	Træleborgveien	properNoun	nor
Træsgrenda	properNoun	swe	Træsgrenda	properNoun	nor
Trøndergata	properNoun	swe	Trøndergata	properNoun	nor
Tråkka	properNoun	swe	Tråkka	properNoun	nor
Trålveien	properNoun	swe	Trålveien	properNoun	nor
Tuengen allé	properNoun	swe	Tuengen allé	properNoun	nor
Tuengveien	properNoun	swe	Tuengveien	properNoun	nor
Tuftadalen	properNoun	swe	Tuftadalen	properNoun	nor
Tuftaveien	properNoun	swe	Tuftaveien	properNoun	nor
Tuftesvingen	properNoun	swe	Tuftesvingen	properNoun	nor
Tuftveien	properNoun	swe	Tuftveien	properNoun	nor
Tujaveien	properNoun	swe	Tujaveien	properNoun	nor
Tulipanveien	properNoun	swe	Tulipanveien	properNoun	nor
Tullinløkka	properNoun	swe	Tullinløkka	properNoun	nor
Tullins gate	properNoun	swe	Tullins gate	properNoun	nor
Tunesvegen	properNoun	swe	Tunesvegen	properNoun	nor
Tunfaret	properNoun	swe	Tunfaret	properNoun	nor
Tungebråtveien	properNoun	swe	Tungebråtveien	properNoun	nor
Tungesvik 1	properNoun	swe	Tungesvik 1	properNoun	nor
Tungesvik 2	properNoun	swe	Tungesvik 2	properNoun	nor
Tungesvik 3	properNoun	swe	Tungesvik 3	properNoun	nor
Tunheimbakken	properNoun	swe	Tunheimbakken	properNoun	nor
Tunmarcks vei	properNoun	swe	Tunmarcks vei	properNoun	nor
Tunnelgata	properNoun	swe	Tunnelgata	properNoun	nor
Tunstien	properNoun	swe	Tunstien	properNoun	nor
Tunveien	properNoun	swe	Tunveien	properNoun	nor
Turbinveien	properNoun	swe	Turbinveien	properNoun	nor
Ture Nermans vei	properNoun	swe	Ture Nermans vei	properNoun	nor
Turisten	properNoun	swe	Turisten	properNoun	nor
Turterfaret	properNoun	swe	Turterfaret	properNoun	nor
Tusentrippen	properNoun	swe	Tusentrippen	properNoun	nor
Tussebakken	properNoun	swe	Tussebakken	properNoun	nor
Tussefaret	properNoun	swe	Tussefaret	properNoun	nor
Tussen	properNoun	swe	Tussen	properNoun	nor
Tustnaveien	properNoun	swe	Tustnaveien	properNoun	nor
Tvedtegården	properNoun	swe	Tvedtegården	properNoun	nor
Tveitenveien	properNoun	swe	Tveitenveien	properNoun	nor
Tveiteråsveien	properNoun	swe	Tveiteråsveien	properNoun	nor
Tverrbakken	properNoun	swe	Tverrbakken	properNoun	nor
Tverrelvveien	properNoun	swe	Tverrelvveien	properNoun	nor
Tverrgaten	properNoun	swe	Tverrgaten	properNoun	nor
Tverrsambandet	properNoun	swe	Tverrsambandet	properNoun	nor
Tverrvei 1	properNoun	swe	Tverrvei 1	properNoun	nor
Tverrvei 2	properNoun	swe	Tverrvei 2	properNoun	nor
Tverrvei 3	properNoun	swe	Tverrvei 3	properNoun	nor
Tverrvei 4	properNoun	swe	Tverrvei 4	properNoun	nor
Tverrveien	properNoun	swe	Tverrveien	properNoun	nor
Tverråsen	properNoun	swe	Tverråsen	properNoun	nor
Tvervedveien	properNoun	swe	Tvervedveien	properNoun	nor
Tvetenveien	properNoun	swe	Tvetenveien	properNoun	nor
Tveterlia	properNoun	swe	Tveterlia	properNoun	nor
Tvetermyra	properNoun	swe	Tvetermyra	properNoun	nor
Tveterveien	properNoun	swe	Tveterveien	properNoun	nor
Tyribakken	properNoun	swe	Tyribakken	properNoun	nor
Tyrihansvegen	properNoun	swe	Tyrihansvegen	properNoun	nor
Tyrihansveien	properNoun	swe	Tyrihansveien	properNoun	nor
Tyrikleiva	properNoun	swe	Tyrikleiva	properNoun	nor
Tyristrandgata	properNoun	swe	Tyristrandgata	properNoun	nor
Tyristubben	properNoun	swe	Tyristubben	properNoun	nor
Tyristubbveien	properNoun	swe	Tyristubbveien	properNoun	nor
Tyriveien	properNoun	swe	Tyriveien	properNoun	nor
Tyrsvei	properNoun	swe	Tyrsvei	properNoun	nor
Tyrs vei	properNoun	swe	Tyrs vei	properNoun	nor
Tyskestrandveien	properNoun	swe	Tyskestrandveien	properNoun	nor
Tyslevkroken	properNoun	swe	Tyslevkroken	properNoun	nor
Tyslevveien	properNoun	swe	Tyslevveien	properNoun	nor
Tyttebærstien	properNoun	swe	Tyttebærstien	properNoun	nor
Tyttebærveien	properNoun	swe	Tyttebærveien	properNoun	nor
Tømmerbakken	properNoun	swe	Tømmerbakken	properNoun	nor
Tømmerkollen	properNoun	swe	Tømmerkollen	properNoun	nor
Tømmerlien	properNoun	swe	Tømmerlien	properNoun	nor
Tømmerstigen	properNoun	swe	Tømmerstigen	properNoun	nor
Tømmervågen	properNoun	swe	Tømmervågen	properNoun	nor
Tømmeråsen	properNoun	swe	Tømmeråsen	properNoun	nor
Tønderveien	properNoun	swe	Tønderveien	properNoun	nor
Tønsberggata	properNoun	swe	Tønsberggata	properNoun	nor
Tørfestveien	properNoun	swe	Tørfestveien	properNoun	nor
Tørrestadgrenda	properNoun	swe	Tørrestadgrenda	properNoun	nor
Tørtbergveien	properNoun	swe	Tørtbergveien	properNoun	nor
Tøyenbekken	properNoun	swe	Tøyenbekken	properNoun	nor
Tøyengata	properNoun	swe	Tøyengata	properNoun	nor
Tåjekroken	properNoun	swe	Tåjekroken	properNoun	nor
Tåjeveien	properNoun	swe	Tåjeveien	properNoun	nor
Tårngata	properNoun	swe	Tårngata	properNoun	nor
Tårnplassen	properNoun	swe	Tårnplassen	properNoun	nor
Tårnvassveien	properNoun	swe	Tårnvassveien	properNoun	nor
Tårnvegen	properNoun	swe	Tårnvegen	properNoun	nor
Tårnveien	properNoun	swe	Tårnveien	properNoun	nor
Tåsen allé	properNoun	swe	Tåsen allé	properNoun	nor
Tåsen terrase	properNoun	swe	Tåsen terrase	properNoun	nor
Tåsenveien	properNoun	swe	Tåsenveien	properNoun	nor
Uelands gate	properNoun	swe	Uelands gate	properNoun	nor
Uføre	properNoun	swe	Uføre	properNoun	nor
Uføreberget	properNoun	swe	Uføreberget	properNoun	nor
Uggdalseid 1	properNoun	swe	Uggdalseid 1	properNoun	nor
Uggdalseid 2	properNoun	swe	Uggdalseid 2	properNoun	nor
Uglevegen	properNoun	swe	Uglevegen	properNoun	nor
Ugleveien	properNoun	swe	Ugleveien	properNoun	nor
Uleholmen nordre	properNoun	swe	Uleholmen nordre	properNoun	nor
Uleholmen søndre	properNoun	swe	Uleholmen søndre	properNoun	nor
Ulfstens gate	properNoun	swe	Ulfstens gate	properNoun	nor
Ulkeholmen	properNoun	swe	Ulkeholmen	properNoun	nor
Ullagerveien	properNoun	swe	Ullagerveien	properNoun	nor
Ullensakergata	properNoun	swe	Ullensakergata	properNoun	nor
Ullern allé	properNoun	swe	Ullern allé	properNoun	nor
Ullernchausseen	properNoun	swe	Ullernchausseen	properNoun	nor
Ullernfaret	properNoun	swe	Ullernfaret	properNoun	nor
Ullern Gårds vei	properNoun	swe	Ullern Gårds vei	properNoun	nor
Ullernkammen	properNoun	swe	Ullernkammen	properNoun	nor
Ullernkollen	properNoun	swe	Ullernkollen	properNoun	nor
Ullernveien	properNoun	swe	Ullernveien	properNoun	nor
Ullerålsgata	properNoun	swe	Ullerålsgata	properNoun	nor
Ulleråsveien	properNoun	swe	Ulleråsveien	properNoun	nor
Ullevålsalléen	properNoun	swe	Ullevålsalléen	properNoun	nor
Ullevålseterveien	properNoun	swe	Ullevålseterveien	properNoun	nor
Ullevålsveien	properNoun	swe	Ullevålsveien	properNoun	nor
Ullveien	properNoun	swe	Ullveien	properNoun	nor
Ulrikke Pihls plass	properNoun	swe	Ulrikke Pihls plass	properNoun	nor
Ulriksdal	properNoun	swe	Ulriksdal	properNoun	nor
Ulsberglia	properNoun	swe	Ulsberglia	properNoun	nor
Ulsetskogen	properNoun	swe	Ulsetskogen	properNoun	nor
Ulsetåsen	properNoun	swe	Ulsetåsen	properNoun	nor
Ulsholtstien	properNoun	swe	Ulsholtstien	properNoun	nor
Ulsholtveien	properNoun	swe	Ulsholtveien	properNoun	nor
Ulsmågskaret	properNoun	swe	Ulsmågskaret	properNoun	nor
Ulsmågveien	properNoun	swe	Ulsmågveien	properNoun	nor
Ulsmågåsen	properNoun	swe	Ulsmågåsen	properNoun	nor
Ulsrudfaret	properNoun	swe	Ulsrudfaret	properNoun	nor
Ulsrudkollen	properNoun	swe	Ulsrudkollen	properNoun	nor
Ulsrudveien	properNoun	swe	Ulsrudveien	properNoun	nor
Ulstrupsvei	properNoun	swe	Ulstrupsvei	properNoun	nor
Ulvedalen	properNoun	swe	Ulvedalen	properNoun	nor
Ulvekula	properNoun	swe	Ulvekula	properNoun	nor
Ulvengfaret	properNoun	swe	Ulvengfaret	properNoun	nor
Ulvenveien	properNoun	swe	Ulvenveien	properNoun	nor
Ulvestien	properNoun	swe	Ulvestien	properNoun	nor
Ulvestugata	properNoun	swe	Ulvestugata	properNoun	nor
Ulvhøyen	properNoun	swe	Ulvhøyen	properNoun	nor
Ulvikveien	properNoun	swe	Ulvikveien	properNoun	nor
Ulvikåsen	properNoun	swe	Ulvikåsen	properNoun	nor
Ulåsveien	properNoun	swe	Ulåsveien	properNoun	nor
Undelstvedtveien	properNoun	swe	Undelstvedtveien	properNoun	nor
Underhaugsveien	properNoun	swe	Underhaugsveien	properNoun	nor
Undrumveien	properNoun	swe	Undrumveien	properNoun	nor
Ungers gate	properNoun	swe	Ungers gate	properNoun	nor
Universitetsgata	properNoun	swe	Universitetsgata	properNoun	nor
Universitetsplassen	properNoun	swe	Universitetsplassen	properNoun	nor
Unnarennet	properNoun	swe	Unnarennet	properNoun	nor
Unnebergveien	properNoun	swe	Unnebergveien	properNoun	nor
Unnelandsneset	properNoun	swe	Unnelandsneset	properNoun	nor
Unnelandsvegen	properNoun	swe	Unnelandsvegen	properNoun	nor
Unnersbugata	properNoun	swe	Unnersbugata	properNoun	nor
Uran	properNoun	swe	Uran	properNoun	nor
Uranienborg terrasse	properNoun	swe	Uranienborg terrasse	properNoun	nor
Uranienborgveien	properNoun	swe	Uranienborgveien	properNoun	nor
Uranus vei	properNoun	swe	Uranus vei	properNoun	nor
Uranusveien	properNoun	swe	Uranusveien	properNoun	nor
Uranveien	properNoun	swe	Uranveien	properNoun	nor
Urderåsstien	properNoun	swe	Urderåsstien	properNoun	nor
Urds vei	properNoun	swe	Urds vei	properNoun	nor
Uren	properNoun	swe	Uren	properNoun	nor
Urheim	properNoun	swe	Urheim	properNoun	nor
Urtegata	properNoun	swe	Urtegata	properNoun	nor
Urtestien	properNoun	swe	Urtestien	properNoun	nor
Ustvedts vei	properNoun	swe	Ustvedts vei	properNoun	nor
Utfarten	properNoun	swe	Utfarten	properNoun	nor
Utfartsveien	properNoun	swe	Utfartsveien	properNoun	nor
Utgarveien	properNoun	swe	Utgarveien	properNoun	nor
Utløbakken	properNoun	swe	Utløbakken	properNoun	nor
Utmarkveien	properNoun	swe	Utmarkveien	properNoun	nor
Utsikt	properNoun	swe	Utsikt	properNoun	nor
Utsikten	properNoun	swe	Utsikten	properNoun	nor
Utsiktsveien	properNoun	swe	Utsiktsveien	properNoun	nor
Utsynsveien	properNoun	swe	Utsynsveien	properNoun	nor
Vabakken	properNoun	swe	Vabakken	properNoun	nor
Vadfoss	properNoun	swe	Vadfoss	properNoun	nor
Vadmyrveien	properNoun	swe	Vadmyrveien	properNoun	nor
Vadumveien vest	properNoun	swe	Vadumveien vest	properNoun	nor
Vadumveien øst	properNoun	swe	Vadumveien øst	properNoun	nor
Vadumåsen	properNoun	swe	Vadumåsen	properNoun	nor
Vahls gate	properNoun	swe	Vahls gate	properNoun	nor
Vaksdalsvegen	properNoun	swe	Vaksdalsvegen	properNoun	nor
Vala	properNoun	swe	Vala	properNoun	nor
Valborgs vei	properNoun	swe	Valborgs vei	properNoun	nor
Valderøy	properNoun	swe	Valderøy	properNoun	nor
Valdresgata	properNoun	swe	Valdresgata	properNoun	nor
Valdresvegen	properNoun	swe	Valdresvegen	properNoun	nor
Valhallveien	properNoun	swe	Valhallveien	properNoun	nor
Valkendorfsgaten	properNoun	swe	Valkendorfsgaten	properNoun	nor
Valkyriegata	properNoun	swe	Valkyriegata	properNoun	nor
Valkyrie plass	properNoun	swe	Valkyrie plass	properNoun	nor
Valkyrieveien	properNoun	swe	Valkyrieveien	properNoun	nor
Vallaheiene	properNoun	swe	Vallaheiene	properNoun	nor
Vallahøyden	properNoun	swe	Vallahøyden	properNoun	nor
Vallalien	properNoun	swe	Vallalien	properNoun	nor
Vallaskaret	properNoun	swe	Vallaskaret	properNoun	nor
Vallavik	properNoun	swe	Vallavik	properNoun	nor
Vallefaret	properNoun	swe	Vallefaret	properNoun	nor
Vallegata	properNoun	swe	Vallegata	properNoun	nor
Vallekjær	properNoun	swe	Vallekjær	properNoun	nor
Vallerhaugen	properNoun	swe	Vallerhaugen	properNoun	nor
Vallerkroken	properNoun	swe	Vallerkroken	properNoun	nor
Vallertunet	properNoun	swe	Vallertunet	properNoun	nor
Vallerveien	properNoun	swe	Vallerveien	properNoun	nor
Valletangen	properNoun	swe	Valletangen	properNoun	nor
Valleveien	properNoun	swe	Valleveien	properNoun	nor
Valløveien	properNoun	swe	Valløveien	properNoun	nor
Valmestadrød	properNoun	swe	Valmestadrød	properNoun	nor
Valmueveien	properNoun	swe	Valmueveien	properNoun	nor
Valslag	properNoun	swe	Valslag	properNoun	nor
Van Der Weldes vei	properNoun	swe	Van Der Weldes vei	properNoun	nor
Vangdalsberg	properNoun	swe	Vangdalsberg	properNoun	nor
Vangen	properNoun	swe	Vangen	properNoun	nor
Vangkroken	properNoun	swe	Vangkroken	properNoun	nor
Vangsveien	properNoun	swe	Vangsveien	properNoun	nor
Vangveien	properNoun	swe	Vangveien	properNoun	nor
Vanningsveien	properNoun	swe	Vanningsveien	properNoun	nor
Vannøyaveien	properNoun	swe	Vannøyaveien	properNoun	nor
Vardalsgata	properNoun	swe	Vardalsgata	properNoun	nor
Vardalsvegen	properNoun	swe	Vardalsvegen	properNoun	nor
Vardane	properNoun	swe	Vardane	properNoun	nor
Vardebakken	properNoun	swe	Vardebakken	properNoun	nor
Vardeheimveien	properNoun	swe	Vardeheimveien	properNoun	nor
Vardenlia	properNoun	swe	Vardenlia	properNoun	nor
Vardestien	properNoun	swe	Vardestien	properNoun	nor
Vardesvingen	properNoun	swe	Vardesvingen	properNoun	nor
Vardeveien	properNoun	swe	Vardeveien	properNoun	nor
Vardhaugen	properNoun	swe	Vardhaugen	properNoun	nor
Vardnesveien	properNoun	swe	Vardnesveien	properNoun	nor
Vardøgata	properNoun	swe	Vardøgata	properNoun	nor
Varghammar	properNoun	swe	Varghammar	properNoun	nor
Vargveien	properNoun	swe	Vargveien	properNoun	nor
Varstad	properNoun	swe	Varstad	properNoun	nor
Varveien	properNoun	swe	Varveien	properNoun	nor
Vaskerelven	properNoun	swe	Vaskerelven	properNoun	nor
Vaskerelvsmauet	properNoun	swe	Vaskerelvsmauet	properNoun	nor
Vaskeribakken	properNoun	swe	Vaskeribakken	properNoun	nor
Vassenda	properNoun	swe	Vassenda	properNoun	nor
Vassendveien	properNoun	swe	Vassendveien	properNoun	nor
Vasshaugen	properNoun	swe	Vasshaugen	properNoun	nor
Vassholmen	properNoun	swe	Vassholmen	properNoun	nor
Vasskalven	properNoun	swe	Vasskalven	properNoun	nor
Vassteigen	properNoun	swe	Vassteigen	properNoun	nor
Vassum	properNoun	swe	Vassum	properNoun	nor
Vatakerveien	properNoun	swe	Vatakerveien	properNoun	nor
Vaterlandsgate	properNoun	swe	Vaterlandsgate	properNoun	nor
Vatnaneset	properNoun	swe	Vatnaneset	properNoun	nor
Vatninga	properNoun	swe	Vatninga	properNoun	nor
Vearkleiva	properNoun	swe	Vearkleiva	properNoun	nor
Vearkollen	properNoun	swe	Vearkollen	properNoun	nor
Vearlia	properNoun	swe	Vearlia	properNoun	nor
Vearløkka	properNoun	swe	Vearløkka	properNoun	nor
Vearskogen	properNoun	swe	Vearskogen	properNoun	nor
Vearveien	properNoun	swe	Vearveien	properNoun	nor
Vearåsen	properNoun	swe	Vearåsen	properNoun	nor
Vebekkveien	properNoun	swe	Vebekkveien	properNoun	nor
Veggerveien	properNoun	swe	Veggerveien	properNoun	nor
Veidekongens gate	properNoun	swe	Veidekongens gate	properNoun	nor
Veidestien	properNoun	swe	Veidestien	properNoun	nor
Veier i Bamble	properNoun	swe	Veier i Bamble	properNoun	nor
Veita	properNoun	swe	Veita	properNoun	nor
Veiten	properNoun	swe	Veiten	properNoun	nor
Veitvetstubben	properNoun	swe	Veitvetstubben	properNoun	nor
Veitvetsvingen	properNoun	swe	Veitvetsvingen	properNoun	nor
Veitvetveien	properNoun	swe	Veitvetveien	properNoun	nor
Vekslerveien	properNoun	swe	Vekslerveien	properNoun	nor
Veksthusfløtten	properNoun	swe	Veksthusfløtten	properNoun	nor
Vekterveien	properNoun	swe	Vekterveien	properNoun	nor
Velaskar	properNoun	swe	Velaskar	properNoun	nor
Velleveien	properNoun	swe	Velleveien	properNoun	nor
Velliveien	properNoun	swe	Velliveien	properNoun	nor
Veløyveien	properNoun	swe	Veløyveien	properNoun	nor
Vendomveien	properNoun	swe	Vendomveien	properNoun	nor
Venliveien	properNoun	swe	Venliveien	properNoun	nor
Vennerbakken	properNoun	swe	Vennerbakken	properNoun	nor
Vennerliveien	properNoun	swe	Vennerliveien	properNoun	nor
Vennersborgveien	properNoun	swe	Vennersborgveien	properNoun	nor
Vennerødveien	properNoun	swe	Vennerødveien	properNoun	nor
Vensåsveien	properNoun	swe	Vensåsveien	properNoun	nor
Venusvegen	properNoun	swe	Venusvegen	properNoun	nor
Venus vei	properNoun	swe	Venus vei	properNoun	nor
Venåsen	properNoun	swe	Venåsen	properNoun	nor
Venåsvegen	properNoun	swe	Venåsvegen	properNoun	nor
Venåsveien	properNoun	swe	Venåsveien	properNoun	nor
Veradammen	properNoun	swe	Veradammen	properNoun	nor
Veralia	properNoun	swe	Veralia	properNoun	nor
Veraåsen	properNoun	swe	Veraåsen	properNoun	nor
Verftsbakken	properNoun	swe	Verftsbakken	properNoun	nor
Verftsgaten	properNoun	swe	Verftsgaten	properNoun	nor
Verftssmauet	properNoun	swe	Verftssmauet	properNoun	nor
Verftstrappen	properNoun	swe	Verftstrappen	properNoun	nor
Verftsveien	properNoun	swe	Verftsveien	properNoun	nor
Veritasveien	properNoun	swe	Veritasveien	properNoun	nor
Verjø	properNoun	swe	Verjø	properNoun	nor
Verksallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Verksallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Verkseier Furulunds vei	properNoun	swe	Verkseier Furulunds vei	properNoun	nor
Verksgata	properNoun	swe	Verksgata	properNoun	nor
Verkstedveien	properNoun	swe	Verkstedveien	properNoun	nor
Vertshusveien	properNoun	swe	Vertshusveien	properNoun	nor
Vesetrudveien	properNoun	swe	Vesetrudveien	properNoun	nor
Vesledalsveien	properNoun	swe	Vesledalsveien	properNoun	nor
Vesleengvegen	properNoun	swe	Vesleengvegen	properNoun	nor
Veslefrikkveien	properNoun	swe	Veslefrikkveien	properNoun	nor
Vesle Hauanvei	properNoun	swe	Vesle Hauanvei	properNoun	nor
Veslekleiva	properNoun	swe	Veslekleiva	properNoun	nor
Veslekroken	properNoun	swe	Veslekroken	properNoun	nor
Veslemøys vei	properNoun	swe	Veslemøys vei	properNoun	nor
Vesleveien	properNoun	swe	Vesleveien	properNoun	nor
Vestadjordet	properNoun	swe	Vestadjordet	properNoun	nor
Vestadåsen	properNoun	swe	Vestadåsen	properNoun	nor
Vestagløttveien	properNoun	swe	Vestagløttveien	properNoun	nor
Vestbakken	properNoun	swe	Vestbakken	properNoun	nor
Vestbrenne	properNoun	swe	Vestbrenne	properNoun	nor
Vestbrynet	properNoun	swe	Vestbrynet	properNoun	nor
Vestbysvingen	properNoun	swe	Vestbysvingen	properNoun	nor
Vestbyveien	properNoun	swe	Vestbyveien	properNoun	nor
Vestenghaugen	properNoun	swe	Vestenghaugen	properNoun	nor
Vestengsvingen	properNoun	swe	Vestengsvingen	properNoun	nor
Vestengveien	properNoun	swe	Vestengveien	properNoun	nor
Vesterngata	properNoun	swe	Vesterngata	properNoun	nor
Vesterstien	properNoun	swe	Vesterstien	properNoun	nor
Vestervei	properNoun	swe	Vestervei	properNoun	nor
Vesterveien	properNoun	swe	Vesterveien	properNoun	nor
Vesterøyveien	properNoun	swe	Vesterøyveien	properNoun	nor
Vesteråsveien	properNoun	swe	Vesteråsveien	properNoun	nor
Vestfjordgaten	properNoun	swe	Vestfjordgaten	properNoun	nor
Vestfoldgata	properNoun	swe	Vestfoldgata	properNoun	nor
Vestfoldgaten	properNoun	swe	Vestfoldgaten	properNoun	nor
Vestgrensa	properNoun	swe	Vestgrensa	properNoun	nor
Vesthagen	properNoun	swe	Vesthagen	properNoun	nor
Vesthavnveien	properNoun	swe	Vesthavnveien	properNoun	nor
Vestheimgata	properNoun	swe	Vestheimgata	properNoun	nor
Vestjordet	properNoun	swe	Vestjordet	properNoun	nor
Vestlia	properNoun	swe	Vestlia	properNoun	nor
Vestlisvingen	properNoun	swe	Vestlisvingen	properNoun	nor
Vestlivegen	properNoun	swe	Vestlivegen	properNoun	nor
Vestliveien	properNoun	swe	Vestliveien	properNoun	nor
Vestlundveien	properNoun	swe	Vestlundveien	properNoun	nor
Vestmarkveien	properNoun	swe	Vestmarkveien	properNoun	nor
Vestre Almelien	properNoun	swe	Vestre Almelien	properNoun	nor
Vestre Andebu vei	properNoun	swe	Vestre Andebu vei	properNoun	nor
Vestre Bjerkholmen	properNoun	swe	Vestre Bjerkholmen	properNoun	nor
Vestre Drotningsvik	properNoun	swe	Vestre Drotningsvik	properNoun	nor
Vestre Ekeberg	properNoun	swe	Vestre Ekeberg	properNoun	nor
Vestre Elvebakke	properNoun	swe	Vestre Elvebakke	properNoun	nor
Vestre Fantoftåsen	properNoun	swe	Vestre Fantoftåsen	properNoun	nor
Vestre Furuholmen	properNoun	swe	Vestre Furuholmen	properNoun	nor
Vestre gade	properNoun	swe	Vestre gade	properNoun	nor
Vestregate	properNoun	swe	Vestregate	properNoun	nor
Vestre Haugen	properNoun	swe	Vestre Haugen	properNoun	nor
Vestre Holbergsallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Vestre Holbergsallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Vestre Holmen vei	properNoun	swe	Vestre Holmen vei	properNoun	nor
Vestre Hopsveien	properNoun	swe	Vestre Hopsveien	properNoun	nor
Vestre Mulelvsmauet	properNoun	swe	Vestre Mulelvsmauet	properNoun	nor
Vestre Murallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Vestre Murallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Vestre Nordgardsleitet	properNoun	swe	Vestre Nordgardsleitet	properNoun	nor
Vestre Rå	properNoun	swe	Vestre Rå	properNoun	nor
Vestre Sandslimarka	properNoun	swe	Vestre Sandslimarka	properNoun	nor
Vestre Sikthaugen	properNoun	swe	Vestre Sikthaugen	properNoun	nor
Vestre Skjoldlien	properNoun	swe	Vestre Skjoldlien	properNoun	nor
Vestre Skostredet	properNoun	swe	Vestre Skostredet	properNoun	nor
Vestre Solheia	properNoun	swe	Vestre Solheia	properNoun	nor
Vestre Steinsvikåsen	properNoun	swe	Vestre Steinsvikåsen	properNoun	nor
Vestre Storheilia	properNoun	swe	Vestre Storheilia	properNoun	nor
Vestre strandgade	properNoun	swe	Vestre strandgade	properNoun	nor
Vestre strete	properNoun	swe	Vestre strete	properNoun	nor
Vestre Strømkaien	properNoun	swe	Vestre Strømkaien	properNoun	nor
Vestre Torggaten	properNoun	swe	Vestre Torggaten	properNoun	nor
Vestre Totenveg	properNoun	swe	Vestre Totenveg	properNoun	nor
Vestre Vadmyra	properNoun	swe	Vestre Vadmyra	properNoun	nor
Vestre Vallaveien	properNoun	swe	Vestre Vallaveien	properNoun	nor
Vestre vei	properNoun	swe	Vestre vei	properNoun	nor
Vestrevik	properNoun	swe	Vestrevik	properNoun	nor
Vestre Vindsvikt	properNoun	swe	Vestre Vindsvikt	properNoun	nor
Vestsideveien	properNoun	swe	Vestsideveien	properNoun	nor
Vestsolveien	properNoun	swe	Vestsolveien	properNoun	nor
Vestvangveien	properNoun	swe	Vestvangveien	properNoun	nor
Vestveien	properNoun	swe	Vestveien	properNoun	nor
Veståsen	properNoun	swe	Veståsen	properNoun	nor
Vetlandsfaret	properNoun	swe	Vetlandsfaret	properNoun	nor
Vetlandsveien	properNoun	swe	Vetlandsveien	properNoun	nor
Vetlehovda	properNoun	swe	Vetlehovda	properNoun	nor
Vetrlidsallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Vetrlidsallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Vettaliveien	properNoun	swe	Vettaliveien	properNoun	nor
Veungsdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Veungsdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Veversmauet	properNoun	swe	Veversmauet	properNoun	nor
Via Nova	properNoun	swe	Via Nova	properNoun	nor
Vibes gate	properNoun	swe	Vibes gate	properNoun	nor
Vibeveien	properNoun	swe	Vibeveien	properNoun	nor
Victoria terrasse	properNoun	swe	Victoria terrasse	properNoun	nor
Vidars gate	properNoun	swe	Vidars gate	properNoun	nor
Vidars vei	properNoun	swe	Vidars vei	properNoun	nor
Viddalen	properNoun	swe	Viddalen	properNoun	nor
Vidjeveien	properNoun	swe	Vidjeveien	properNoun	nor
Vidsynveien	properNoun	swe	Vidsynveien	properNoun	nor
Vierveien	properNoun	swe	Vierveien	properNoun	nor
Viges vei	properNoun	swe	Viges vei	properNoun	nor
Viggja	properNoun	swe	Viggja	properNoun	nor
Viggo Hansteens vei	properNoun	swe	Viggo Hansteens vei	properNoun	nor
Viggos vei	properNoun	swe	Viggos vei	properNoun	nor
Vihantis vei	properNoun	swe	Vihantis vei	properNoun	nor
Vika	properNoun	swe	Vika	properNoun	nor
Vikaberg	properNoun	swe	Vikaberg	properNoun	nor
Vikaleitet	properNoun	swe	Vikaleitet	properNoun	nor
Vikanøs	properNoun	swe	Vikanøs	properNoun	nor
Vikaodden	properNoun	swe	Vikaodden	properNoun	nor
Vikastøl	properNoun	swe	Vikastøl	properNoun	nor
Vikavegen	properNoun	swe	Vikavegen	properNoun	nor
Vikaveien	properNoun	swe	Vikaveien	properNoun	nor
Vikaåsen	properNoun	swe	Vikaåsen	properNoun	nor
Vike	properNoun	swe	Vike	properNoun	nor
Vikedalen	properNoun	swe	Vikedalen	properNoun	nor
Vikengata	properNoun	swe	Vikengata	properNoun	nor
Vikenløkka	properNoun	swe	Vikenløkka	properNoun	nor
Vikens gate	properNoun	swe	Vikens gate	properNoun	nor
Vikenvegen	properNoun	swe	Vikenvegen	properNoun	nor
Vikesund	properNoun	swe	Vikesund	properNoun	nor
Vikingveien	properNoun	swe	Vikingveien	properNoun	nor
Vikkeveien	properNoun	swe	Vikkeveien	properNoun	nor
Vikoddvegen	properNoun	swe	Vikoddvegen	properNoun	nor
Viksveien	properNoun	swe	Viksveien	properNoun	nor
Viktor Plahtes vei	properNoun	swe	Viktor Plahtes vei	properNoun	nor
Vilberggrenda	properNoun	swe	Vilberggrenda	properNoun	nor
Vilbergveien	properNoun	swe	Vilbergveien	properNoun	nor
Vilhelm Bjerknes' vei	properNoun	swe	Vilhelm Bjerknes' vei	properNoun	nor
Villaveien	properNoun	swe	Villaveien	properNoun	nor
Villvinveien	properNoun	swe	Villvinveien	properNoun	nor
Vincens Lunges gate	properNoun	swe	Vincens Lunges gate	properNoun	nor
Vindalgrenda	properNoun	swe	Vindalgrenda	properNoun	nor
Vindalsvingen	properNoun	swe	Vindalsvingen	properNoun	nor
Vindalveien	properNoun	swe	Vindalveien	properNoun	nor
Vinddalsveien	properNoun	swe	Vinddalsveien	properNoun	nor
Vindernveien	properNoun	swe	Vindernveien	properNoun	nor
Vindhammar	properNoun	swe	Vindhammar	properNoun	nor
Vindharpevegen	properNoun	swe	Vindharpevegen	properNoun	nor
Vindingstadbakken	properNoun	swe	Vindingstadbakken	properNoun	nor
Vingolfveien	properNoun	swe	Vingolfveien	properNoun	nor
Vinjavatn	properNoun	swe	Vinjavatn	properNoun	nor
Vinjes gate	properNoun	swe	Vinjes gate	properNoun	nor
Vinjestranda	properNoun	swe	Vinjestranda	properNoun	nor
Vinjes vei	properNoun	swe	Vinjes vei	properNoun	nor
Vinjeveien	properNoun	swe	Vinjeveien	properNoun	nor
Vinkelgaten	properNoun	swe	Vinkelgaten	properNoun	nor
Vinkelplassen	properNoun	swe	Vinkelplassen	properNoun	nor
Vinkelsmauet	properNoun	swe	Vinkelsmauet	properNoun	nor
Vinkelveien	properNoun	swe	Vinkelveien	properNoun	nor
Vintertun	properNoun	swe	Vintertun	properNoun	nor
Vinterveien	properNoun	swe	Vinterveien	properNoun	nor
Vipeveien	properNoun	swe	Vipeveien	properNoun	nor
Viriklia	properNoun	swe	Viriklia	properNoun	nor
Virikskogen	properNoun	swe	Virikskogen	properNoun	nor
Virikveien	properNoun	swe	Virikveien	properNoun	nor
Viset	properNoun	swe	Viset	properNoun	nor
Visethammar	properNoun	swe	Visethammar	properNoun	nor
Vitafjell	properNoun	swe	Vitafjell	properNoun	nor
Vitaminveien	properNoun	swe	Vitaminveien	properNoun	nor
Vittenberg	properNoun	swe	Vittenberg	properNoun	nor
Vognmannsgangen	properNoun	swe	Vognmannsgangen	properNoun	nor
Vognmannsgata	properNoun	swe	Vognmannsgata	properNoun	nor
Vognmannsveien	properNoun	swe	Vognmannsveien	properNoun	nor
Vognstølbakken	properNoun	swe	Vognstølbakken	properNoun	nor
Vognstølen	properNoun	swe	Vognstølen	properNoun	nor
Vogts gate	properNoun	swe	Vogts gate	properNoun	nor
Voksenhagen	properNoun	swe	Voksenhagen	properNoun	nor
Voksenkollveien	properNoun	swe	Voksenkollveien	properNoun	nor
Voksenliveien	properNoun	swe	Voksenliveien	properNoun	nor
Vokterveien	properNoun	swe	Vokterveien	properNoun	nor
Voldene	properNoun	swe	Voldene	properNoun	nor
Voldenveien	properNoun	swe	Voldenveien	properNoun	nor
Voldshammar	properNoun	swe	Voldshammar	properNoun	nor
Voldvatnet	properNoun	swe	Voldvatnet	properNoun	nor
Vollane	properNoun	swe	Vollane	properNoun	nor
Vollavegen	properNoun	swe	Vollavegen	properNoun	nor
Vollaveien	properNoun	swe	Vollaveien	properNoun	nor
Vollebekkveien	properNoun	swe	Vollebekkveien	properNoun	nor
Vollsveien	properNoun	swe	Vollsveien	properNoun	nor
Voll terrasse	properNoun	swe	Voll terrasse	properNoun	nor
Vollveien	properNoun	swe	Vollveien	properNoun	nor
Volten	properNoun	swe	Volten	properNoun	nor
Volvat terrasse	properNoun	swe	Volvat terrasse	properNoun	nor
Volveveien	properNoun	swe	Volveveien	properNoun	nor
Von der Lippes gate	properNoun	swe	Von der Lippes gate	properNoun	nor
Von Der Ohes vei	properNoun	swe	Von Der Ohes vei	properNoun	nor
Von Øtkens vei	properNoun	swe	Von Øtkens vei	properNoun	nor
Vossegata	properNoun	swe	Vossegata	properNoun	nor
Vossegården	properNoun	swe	Vossegården	properNoun	nor
Vrakerveien	properNoun	swe	Vrakerveien	properNoun	nor
Vuggaveien	properNoun	swe	Vuggaveien	properNoun	nor
Vulkan	properNoun	swe	Vulkan	properNoun	nor
Vulvik	properNoun	swe	Vulvik	properNoun	nor
Vækerø terrasse	properNoun	swe	Vækerø terrasse	properNoun	nor
Vækerøveien	properNoun	swe	Vækerøveien	properNoun	nor
Vækerøåsen	properNoun	swe	Vækerøåsen	properNoun	nor
Væle	properNoun	swe	Væle	properNoun	nor
Være	properNoun	swe	Være	properNoun	nor
Væringkleiva	properNoun	swe	Væringkleiva	properNoun	nor
Værnes	properNoun	swe	Værnes	properNoun	nor
Værste brua	properNoun	swe	Værste brua	properNoun	nor
Vørterhusplassen	properNoun	swe	Vørterhusplassen	properNoun	nor
Vøyensvingen	properNoun	swe	Vøyensvingen	properNoun	nor
Våg	properNoun	swe	Våg	properNoun	nor
Vågahaugen	properNoun	swe	Vågahaugen	properNoun	nor
Våganeset	properNoun	swe	Våganeset	properNoun	nor
Vågebakken	properNoun	swe	Vågebakken	properNoun	nor
Vågebyveien	properNoun	swe	Vågebyveien	properNoun	nor
Vågedalen	properNoun	swe	Vågedalen	properNoun	nor
Våghalsen	properNoun	swe	Våghalsen	properNoun	nor
Vågsallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Vågsallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Vågsbotn	properNoun	swe	Vågsbotn	properNoun	nor
Vågsbøvegen	properNoun	swe	Vågsbøvegen	properNoun	nor
Vågsgaten	properNoun	swe	Vågsgaten	properNoun	nor
Vågslid	properNoun	swe	Vågslid	properNoun	nor
Vågslien	properNoun	swe	Vågslien	properNoun	nor
Vågstrand	properNoun	swe	Vågstrand	properNoun	nor
Våkleivbakken	properNoun	swe	Våkleivbakken	properNoun	nor
Våkleivbrotet	properNoun	swe	Våkleivbrotet	properNoun	nor
Våkleiven	properNoun	swe	Våkleiven	properNoun	nor
Våkleivskogen	properNoun	swe	Våkleivskogen	properNoun	nor
Våkleivåsen	properNoun	swe	Våkleivåsen	properNoun	nor
Vålegaten	properNoun	swe	Vålegaten	properNoun	nor
Vålerenggata	properNoun	swe	Vålerenggata	properNoun	nor
Vålveien	properNoun	swe	Vålveien	properNoun	nor
Våronnveien	properNoun	swe	Våronnveien	properNoun	nor
Vårstien	properNoun	swe	Vårstien	properNoun	nor
Vårsvingen	properNoun	swe	Vårsvingen	properNoun	nor
Vårveien	properNoun	swe	Vårveien	properNoun	nor
Waldemars hage	properNoun	swe	Waldemars hage	properNoun	nor
Waldemar Thranes gate	properNoun	swe	Waldemar Thranes gate	properNoun	nor
Wallemslien	properNoun	swe	Wallemslien	properNoun	nor
Wallemsskogen	properNoun	swe	Wallemsskogen	properNoun	nor
Wallemsvikveien	properNoun	swe	Wallemsvikveien	properNoun	nor
Washingtons vei	properNoun	swe	Washingtons vei	properNoun	nor
W.A. Wexels' plass	properNoun	swe	W.A. Wexels' plass	properNoun	nor
Wedel Jarlsbergs vei	properNoun	swe	Wedel Jarlsbergs vei	properNoun	nor
Wedels vei	properNoun	swe	Wedels vei	properNoun	nor
Weiss gate	properNoun	swe	Weiss gate	properNoun	nor
Welding Olsens vei	properNoun	swe	Welding Olsens vei	properNoun	nor
Welhavens gate	properNoun	swe	Welhavens gate	properNoun	nor
Welhavens vei	properNoun	swe	Welhavens vei	properNoun	nor
Werenskiolds gate	properNoun	swe	Werenskiolds gate	properNoun	nor
Wergelandsalléen	properNoun	swe	Wergelandsalléen	properNoun	nor
Wergelandsbakken	properNoun	swe	Wergelandsbakken	properNoun	nor
Wergelands gate	properNoun	swe	Wergelands gate	properNoun	nor
Wergelands vei	properNoun	swe	Wergelands vei	properNoun	nor
Wergelandsveien	properNoun	swe	Wergelandsveien	properNoun	nor
Wergelandsåsen	properNoun	swe	Wergelandsåsen	properNoun	nor
Wernerløkka	properNoun	swe	Wernerløkka	properNoun	nor
Wernersholmveien	properNoun	swe	Wernersholmveien	properNoun	nor
Wesenbergsmauet	properNoun	swe	Wesenbergsmauet	properNoun	nor
Wessels gate	properNoun	swe	Wessels gate	properNoun	nor
Westbyveien	properNoun	swe	Westbyveien	properNoun	nor
Westye Egebergs gate	properNoun	swe	Westye Egebergs gate	properNoun	nor
Wetlesens vei	properNoun	swe	Wetlesens vei	properNoun	nor
Wetterstadveien	properNoun	swe	Wetterstadveien	properNoun	nor
Wiels gate	properNoun	swe	Wiels gate	properNoun	nor
Wiers-Jenssens vei	properNoun	swe	Wiers-Jenssens vei	properNoun	nor
Wigants vei	properNoun	swe	Wigants vei	properNoun	nor
Wikes vei	properNoun	swe	Wikes vei	properNoun	nor
Wildenveybakken	properNoun	swe	Wildenveybakken	properNoun	nor
Wilhelm Dalls vei	properNoun	swe	Wilhelm Dalls vei	properNoun	nor
Wilhelm Færdens vei	properNoun	swe	Wilhelm Færdens vei	properNoun	nor
Wilhelms gate	properNoun	swe	Wilhelms gate	properNoun	nor
Wilhelm Stenersens vei	properNoun	swe	Wilhelm Stenersens vei	properNoun	nor
Wilhelm Wetlesens vei	properNoun	swe	Wilhelm Wetlesens vei	properNoun	nor
Wilh. Wilhelmsens vei	properNoun	swe	Wilh. Wilhelmsens vei	properNoun	nor
Willy Greiners vei	properNoun	swe	Willy Greiners vei	properNoun	nor
Willy Valentinsens vei	properNoun	swe	Willy Valentinsens vei	properNoun	nor
Wilses gate	properNoun	swe	Wilses gate	properNoun	nor
Wilses vei	properNoun	swe	Wilses vei	properNoun	nor
Wilsters vei	properNoun	swe	Wilsters vei	properNoun	nor
Wirgenes vei	properNoun	swe	Wirgenes vei	properNoun	nor
Wismargata	properNoun	swe	Wismargata	properNoun	nor
Withs gate	properNoun	swe	Withs gate	properNoun	nor
Wolffs gate	properNoun	swe	Wolffs gate	properNoun	nor
Wollert Konows Plass	properNoun	swe	Wollert Konows Plass	properNoun	nor
Wrightsgate	properNoun	swe	Wrightsgate	properNoun	nor
Wyllerveien	properNoun	swe	Wyllerveien	properNoun	nor
Ymers vei	properNoun	swe	Ymers vei	properNoun	nor
Yngves vei	properNoun	swe	Yngves vei	properNoun	nor
Yorkstien	properNoun	swe	Yorkstien	properNoun	nor
Yorkåsen	properNoun	swe	Yorkåsen	properNoun	nor
Youngs gate	properNoun	swe	Youngs gate	properNoun	nor
Ysterigata	properNoun	swe	Ysterigata	properNoun	nor
Ysteriveien	properNoun	swe	Ysteriveien	properNoun	nor
Ytre Arna-Vegen	properNoun	swe	Ytre Arna-Vegen	properNoun	nor
Ytrebygdsvegen	properNoun	swe	Ytrebygdsvegen	properNoun	nor
Ytre Markeveien	properNoun	swe	Ytre Markeveien	properNoun	nor
Ytre Morvik	properNoun	swe	Ytre Morvik	properNoun	nor
Ytre Sandvik	properNoun	swe	Ytre Sandvik	properNoun	nor
Yttergårdveien	properNoun	swe	Yttergårdveien	properNoun	nor
Yttersøveien	properNoun	swe	Yttersøveien	properNoun	nor
Ytterveien	properNoun	swe	Ytterveien	properNoun	nor
Ytterøya	properNoun	swe	Ytterøya	properNoun	nor
Zachariasbryggen	properNoun	swe	Zachariasbryggen	properNoun	nor
Zahlkasserer Schafts plass	properNoun	swe	Zahlkasserer Schafts plass	properNoun	nor
Zakarines vei	properNoun	swe	Zakarines vei	properNoun	nor
Zander Kaaes gate	properNoun	swe	Zander Kaaes gate	properNoun	nor
Zetlitz' gate	properNoun	swe	Zetlitz' gate	properNoun	nor
Zienersvingen	properNoun	swe	Zienersvingen	properNoun	nor
Zinken Hopps gate	properNoun	swe	Zinken Hopps gate	properNoun	nor
Zinoberstubben	properNoun	swe	Zinoberstubben	properNoun	nor
Zinoberveien	properNoun	swe	Zinoberveien	properNoun	nor
Ægirs vei	properNoun	swe	Ægirs vei	properNoun	nor
Ærfuglveien	properNoun	swe	Ærfuglveien	properNoun	nor
Ødegårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Ødegårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Ødegaardveien	properNoun	swe	Ødegaardveien	properNoun	nor
Øgårdsveien	properNoun	swe	Øgårdsveien	properNoun	nor
Øivinds vei	properNoun	swe	Øivinds vei	properNoun	nor
Økernliveien	properNoun	swe	Økernliveien	properNoun	nor
Økern torgvei	properNoun	swe	Økern torgvei	properNoun	nor
Økernveien	properNoun	swe	Økernveien	properNoun	nor
Økrigata	properNoun	swe	Økrigata	properNoun	nor
Økriveien	properNoun	swe	Økriveien	properNoun	nor
Øksneveien	properNoun	swe	Øksneveien	properNoun	nor
Økstra	properNoun	swe	Økstra	properNoun	nor
Ørakerfaret	properNoun	swe	Ørakerfaret	properNoun	nor
Ørakerstien	properNoun	swe	Ørakerstien	properNoun	nor
Ørakerveien	properNoun	swe	Ørakerveien	properNoun	nor
Øraveien	properNoun	swe	Øraveien	properNoun	nor
Ørnahaugen	properNoun	swe	Ørnahaugen	properNoun	nor
Ørnefjellet	properNoun	swe	Ørnefjellet	properNoun	nor
Ørneveien	properNoun	swe	Ørneveien	properNoun	nor
Ørneveien	properNoun	swe	Ørneveien	properNoun	nor
Ørnfjordbotn	properNoun	swe	Ørnfjordbotn	properNoun	nor
Ørsdal	properNoun	swe	Ørsdal	properNoun	nor
Ørvikstubben	properNoun	swe	Ørvikstubben	properNoun	nor
Ørvikveien	properNoun	swe	Ørvikveien	properNoun	nor
Østbakken	properNoun	swe	Østbakken	properNoun	nor
Østbrenne	properNoun	swe	Østbrenne	properNoun	nor
Østbyfaret	properNoun	swe	Østbyfaret	properNoun	nor
Østbygrenda	properNoun	swe	Østbygrenda	properNoun	nor
Østbyveien	properNoun	swe	Østbyveien	properNoun	nor
Østdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Østdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Østenløkka	properNoun	swe	Østenløkka	properNoun	nor
Østensjø terrasse	properNoun	swe	Østensjø terrasse	properNoun	nor
Østensjøveien	properNoun	swe	Østensjøveien	properNoun	nor
Østenåsen	properNoun	swe	Østenåsen	properNoun	nor
Østenåslia	properNoun	swe	Østenåslia	properNoun	nor
Østenåsveien	properNoun	swe	Østenåsveien	properNoun	nor
Østerdalsgata	properNoun	swe	Østerdalsgata	properNoun	nor
Østerlisvingen	properNoun	swe	Østerlisvingen	properNoun	nor
Østerli terrasse	properNoun	swe	Østerli terrasse	properNoun	nor
Østerliveien	properNoun	swe	Østerliveien	properNoun	nor
Østernvannveien	properNoun	swe	Østernvannveien	properNoun	nor
Østersveien	properNoun	swe	Østersveien	properNoun	nor
Østerøyveien	properNoun	swe	Østerøyveien	properNoun	nor
Østeråsbakken	properNoun	swe	Østeråsbakken	properNoun	nor
Østeråsen	properNoun	swe	Østeråsen	properNoun	nor
Østeråskroken	properNoun	swe	Østeråskroken	properNoun	nor
Østfoldgata	properNoun	swe	Østfoldgata	properNoun	nor
Østgaards gate	properNoun	swe	Østgaards gate	properNoun	nor
Østhellinga	properNoun	swe	Østhellinga	properNoun	nor
Østhornveien	properNoun	swe	Østhornveien	properNoun	nor
Østliveien	properNoun	swe	Østliveien	properNoun	nor
Østmarkveien	properNoun	swe	Østmarkveien	properNoun	nor
Østre Aker vei	properNoun	swe	Østre Aker vei	properNoun	nor
Østre Bjerkholmen	properNoun	swe	Østre Bjerkholmen	properNoun	nor
Østre Breivikskjenet	properNoun	swe	Østre Breivikskjenet	properNoun	nor
Østre Elvebakke	properNoun	swe	Østre Elvebakke	properNoun	nor
Østregate	properNoun	swe	Østregate	properNoun	nor
Østreheimsveien	properNoun	swe	Østreheimsveien	properNoun	nor
Østre Holmensvingen	properNoun	swe	Østre Holmensvingen	properNoun	nor
Østre Holtet vei	properNoun	swe	Østre Holtet vei	properNoun	nor
Østre Hopsveien	properNoun	swe	Østre Hopsveien	properNoun	nor
Østre Kullerød	properNoun	swe	Østre Kullerød	properNoun	nor
Østre Mulelvsmauet	properNoun	swe	Østre Mulelvsmauet	properNoun	nor
Østre Murallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Østre Murallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Østre Nattlandsfjellet	properNoun	swe	Østre Nattlandsfjellet	properNoun	nor
Østre Nesttunveien	properNoun	swe	Østre Nesttunveien	properNoun	nor
Østre Nesveien	properNoun	swe	Østre Nesveien	properNoun	nor
Østre Nordeidbrekka	properNoun	swe	Østre Nordeidbrekka	properNoun	nor
Østre Ole Brinchs vei	properNoun	swe	Østre Ole Brinchs vei	properNoun	nor
Østre Råstadvei	properNoun	swe	Østre Råstadvei	properNoun	nor
Østre Skostredet	properNoun	swe	Østre Skostredet	properNoun	nor
Østre Stiaberget	properNoun	swe	Østre Stiaberget	properNoun	nor
Östre strandgade	properNoun	swe	Östre strandgade	properNoun	nor
Østre strete	properNoun	swe	Østre strete	properNoun	nor
Østre Strømkaien	properNoun	swe	Østre Strømkaien	properNoun	nor
Østre Tertnesåsen	properNoun	swe	Østre Tertnesåsen	properNoun	nor
Østre Totenveg	properNoun	swe	Østre Totenveg	properNoun	nor
Østre Tuve	properNoun	swe	Østre Tuve	properNoun	nor
Østre vei	properNoun	swe	Østre vei	properNoun	nor
Østvangveien	properNoun	swe	Østvangveien	properNoun	nor
Østvollveien	properNoun	swe	Østvollveien	properNoun	nor
Øståsstien	properNoun	swe	Øståsstien	properNoun	nor
Øståsveien	properNoun	swe	Øståsveien	properNoun	nor
Øverbyvegen	properNoun	swe	Øverbyvegen	properNoun	nor
Øverdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Øverdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Øverlia	properNoun	swe	Øverlia	properNoun	nor
Øverliveien	properNoun	swe	Øverliveien	properNoun	nor
Øveråsen	properNoun	swe	Øveråsen	properNoun	nor
Øvre Bergveien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Bergveien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Bjørkåsen	properNoun	swe	Øvre Bjørkåsen	properNoun	nor
Øvre Blekeveien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Blekeveien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Bogenvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Bogenvei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Brøstanesveien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Brøstanesveien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Bøkeligate	properNoun	swe	Øvre Bøkeligate	properNoun	nor
Øvre Dietrichs vei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Dietrichs vei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Dreggsallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Øvre Dreggsallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Øvre Dynnersmauet	properNoun	swe	Øvre Dynnersmauet	properNoun	nor
Øvre-Eide	properNoun	swe	Øvre-Eide	properNoun	nor
Øvre Eikeviken	properNoun	swe	Øvre Eikeviken	properNoun	nor
Øvre Enggate	properNoun	swe	Øvre Enggate	properNoun	nor
Øvre Fantoftåsen	properNoun	swe	Øvre Fantoftåsen	properNoun	nor
Øvre Fjellsmauet	properNoun	swe	Øvre Fjellsmauet	properNoun	nor
Øvre Fjellterrasse	properNoun	swe	Øvre Fjellterrasse	properNoun	nor
Øvre Fjellvang	properNoun	swe	Øvre Fjellvang	properNoun	nor
Øvre Flaktveit	properNoun	swe	Øvre Flaktveit	properNoun	nor
Øvre Folldalslia	properNoun	swe	Øvre Folldalslia	properNoun	nor
Øvrefoss	properNoun	swe	Øvrefoss	properNoun	nor
Øvre Fredlundveien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Fredlundveien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Fritzøegate	properNoun	swe	Øvre Fritzøegate	properNoun	nor
Øvre Fyllingsveien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Fyllingsveien	properNoun	nor
Øvregate	properNoun	swe	Øvregate	properNoun	nor
Øvre gate	properNoun	swe	Øvre gate	properNoun	nor
Øvregaten	properNoun	swe	Øvregaten	properNoun	nor
Øvre Gjøviks veg	properNoun	swe	Øvre Gjøviks veg	properNoun	nor
Øvre Gokstadvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Gokstadvei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Gullhaug	properNoun	swe	Øvre Gullhaug	properNoun	nor
Øvre Gyldenprisveien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Gyldenprisveien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Hamburgersmauet	properNoun	swe	Øvre Hamburgersmauet	properNoun	nor
Øvre Hammersborggate	properNoun	swe	Øvre Hammersborggate	properNoun	nor
Øvre Hamna	properNoun	swe	Øvre Hamna	properNoun	nor
Øvre Haslevei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Haslevei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Heien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Heien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Holen	properNoun	swe	Øvre Holen	properNoun	nor
Øvre Holmen vei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Holmen vei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Holtan vei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Holtan vei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Hopsnesveien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Hopsnesveien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Huvikvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Huvikvei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Hydalsvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Hydalsvei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Jegersborggate	properNoun	swe	Øvre Jegersborggate	properNoun	nor
Øvre Kalfarlien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Kalfarlien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Kaptein Amlands vei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Kaptein Amlands vei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Kirkebirkeland	properNoun	swe	Øvre Kirkebirkeland	properNoun	nor
Øvre Kolstien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Kolstien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Kongsbrekkene	properNoun	swe	Øvre Kongsbrekkene	properNoun	nor
Øvre Korskirkeallmenningen	properNoun	swe	Øvre Korskirkeallmenningen	properNoun	nor
Øvre Korskirkesmauet	properNoun	swe	Øvre Korskirkesmauet	properNoun	nor
Øvre Krabbedalen	properNoun	swe	Øvre Krabbedalen	properNoun	nor
Øvre Krohnåsen	properNoun	swe	Øvre Krohnåsen	properNoun	nor
Øvre Kråkenes	properNoun	swe	Øvre Kråkenes	properNoun	nor
Øvre Kverndalsvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Kverndalsvei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Langgate	properNoun	swe	Øvre Langgate	properNoun	nor
Øvre Langås vei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Langås vei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Laskenvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Laskenvei	properNoun	nor
Øvrelien	properNoun	swe	Øvrelien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Ljanskoll vei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Ljanskoll vei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Lunden	properNoun	swe	Øvre Lunden	properNoun	nor
Øvre Lundenvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Lundenvei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Lykka	properNoun	swe	Øvre Lykka	properNoun	nor
Øvre Lyngbø	properNoun	swe	Øvre Lyngbø	properNoun	nor
Øvre Lynghaugen	properNoun	swe	Øvre Lynghaugen	properNoun	nor
Øvre Lønborg	properNoun	swe	Øvre Lønborg	properNoun	nor
Øvre Myrhaugen	properNoun	swe	Øvre Myrhaugen	properNoun	nor
Øvre Nustadvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Nustadvei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Ole Bulls Plass	properNoun	swe	Øvre Ole Bulls Plass	properNoun	nor
Øvre Pinnelien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Pinnelien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Prestavegen	properNoun	swe	Øvre Prestavegen	properNoun	nor
Øvre Prinsdals vei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Prinsdals vei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Riplegården	properNoun	swe	Øvre Riplegården	properNoun	nor
Øvre Råtræet	properNoun	swe	Øvre Råtræet	properNoun	nor
Øvre Sandviksveien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Sandviksveien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Seimsmark	properNoun	swe	Øvre Seimsmark	properNoun	nor
Øvreseterveien	properNoun	swe	Øvreseterveien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Skjoldvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Skjoldvei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Skogvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Skogvei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Slottsgate	properNoun	swe	Øvre Slottsgate	properNoun	nor
Øvre Smestadvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Smestadvei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Snertingdal	properNoun	swe	Øvre Snertingdal	properNoun	nor
Øvre Sollien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Sollien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Stabburvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Stabburvei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Stadionveien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Stadionveien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Steinstredet	properNoun	swe	Øvre Steinstredet	properNoun	nor
Øvre Stemmekjennvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Stemmekjennvei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Sverdstadvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Sverdstadvei	properNoun	nor
Øvre Sædalsveien	properNoun	swe	Øvre Sædalsveien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Tellevik	properNoun	swe	Øvre Tellevik	properNoun	nor
Øvre Titlestad	properNoun	swe	Øvre Titlestad	properNoun	nor
Øvre Toppenhaug	properNoun	swe	Øvre Toppenhaug	properNoun	nor
Øvre Torggate	properNoun	swe	Øvre Torggate	properNoun	nor
Øvre Torv	properNoun	swe	Øvre Torv	properNoun	nor
Øvre Torvgate	properNoun	swe	Øvre Torvgate	properNoun	nor
Øvretveitvegen	properNoun	swe	Øvretveitvegen	properNoun	nor
Øvre Ullern terrasse	properNoun	swe	Øvre Ullern terrasse	properNoun	nor
Øvre Ulsrud	properNoun	swe	Øvre Ulsrud	properNoun	nor
Øvre Vargvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Vargvei	properNoun	nor
Øvre vaskegang	properNoun	swe	Øvre vaskegang	properNoun	nor
Øvre vei	properNoun	swe	Øvre vei	properNoun	nor
Øvreveien	properNoun	swe	Øvreveien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Vollgate	properNoun	swe	Øvre Vollgate	properNoun	nor
Øvrevollveien	properNoun	swe	Øvrevollveien	properNoun	nor
Øvre Våganeset	properNoun	swe	Øvre Våganeset	properNoun	nor
Øvre Åsenvei	properNoun	swe	Øvre Åsenvei	properNoun	nor
Øvstebøvegen	properNoun	swe	Øvstebøvegen	properNoun	nor
Øvsttunbrekken	properNoun	swe	Øvsttunbrekken	properNoun	nor
Øvsttunlien	properNoun	swe	Øvsttunlien	properNoun	nor
Øvsttunvegen	properNoun	swe	Øvsttunvegen	properNoun	nor
Øvsttunåsen	properNoun	swe	Øvsttunåsen	properNoun	nor
Øyaveien	properNoun	swe	Øyaveien	properNoun	nor
Øydis vei	properNoun	swe	Øydis vei	properNoun	nor
Øygardveien	properNoun	swe	Øygardveien	properNoun	nor
Øyjordsbotn	properNoun	swe	Øyjordsbotn	properNoun	nor
Øyjordslien	properNoun	swe	Øyjordslien	properNoun	nor
Øyjordsveien	properNoun	swe	Øyjordsveien	properNoun	nor
Øyjordsåsen	properNoun	swe	Øyjordsåsen	properNoun	nor
Øykjeneset	properNoun	swe	Øykjeneset	properNoun	nor
Øysteins gate	properNoun	swe	Øysteins gate	properNoun	nor
Øysteins plass	properNoun	swe	Øysteins plass	properNoun	nor
Øyvinds veg	properNoun	swe	Øyvinds veg	properNoun	nor
Aabenraagata	properNoun	swe	Aabenraagata	properNoun	nor
Åbollia	properNoun	swe	Åbollia	properNoun	nor
Åbolveien	properNoun	swe	Åbolveien	properNoun	nor
Ådalsgata	properNoun	swe	Ådalsgata	properNoun	nor
Aad Gjelles gate	properNoun	swe	Aad Gjelles gate	properNoun	nor
Ådlandsstraumen	properNoun	swe	Ådlandsstraumen	properNoun	nor
Ådnavegen	properNoun	swe	Ådnavegen	properNoun	nor
Ådneveien	properNoun	swe	Ådneveien	properNoun	nor
Aage Håkonsens vei	properNoun	swe	Aage Håkonsens vei	properNoun	nor
Ågotaskaret	properNoun	swe	Ågotaskaret	properNoun	nor
Aagots vei	properNoun	swe	Aagots vei	properNoun	nor
Aagaards plass	properNoun	swe	Aagaards plass	properNoun	nor
Åkebergveien	properNoun	swe	Åkebergveien	properNoun	nor
Åkersvingen	properNoun	swe	Åkersvingen	properNoun	nor
Åkerveien	properNoun	swe	Åkerveien	properNoun	nor
Åkerøveien	properNoun	swe	Åkerøveien	properNoun	nor
Åkrafjord	properNoun	swe	Åkrafjord	properNoun	nor
Ålerudbakken	properNoun	swe	Ålerudbakken	properNoun	nor
Ålesundgata	properNoun	swe	Ålesundgata	properNoun	nor
Åleveien	properNoun	swe	Åleveien	properNoun	nor
Åliveien	properNoun	swe	Åliveien	properNoun	nor
Aalls gate	properNoun	swe	Aalls gate	properNoun	nor
Ålmoveien	properNoun	swe	Ålmoveien	properNoun	nor
Ålovs vei	properNoun	swe	Ålovs vei	properNoun	nor
Åmotgrenda	properNoun	swe	Åmotgrenda	properNoun	nor
Åmot grustak	properNoun	swe	Åmot grustak	properNoun	nor
Åmotveien	properNoun	swe	Åmotveien	properNoun	nor
Åmundsdalen	properNoun	swe	Åmundsdalen	properNoun	nor
Åmundsleitet	properNoun	swe	Åmundsleitet	properNoun	nor
Åmundssvingen	properNoun	swe	Åmundssvingen	properNoun	nor
Årfuglveien	properNoun	swe	Årfuglveien	properNoun	nor
Årholtveien	properNoun	swe	Årholtveien	properNoun	nor
Årnesveien	properNoun	swe	Årnesveien	properNoun	nor
Årrundkroken	properNoun	swe	Årrundkroken	properNoun	nor
Årrundveien	properNoun	swe	Årrundveien	properNoun	nor
Årstadgeilen	properNoun	swe	Årstadgeilen	properNoun	nor
Årstadveien	properNoun	swe	Årstadveien	properNoun	nor
Årvollia	properNoun	swe	Årvollia	properNoun	nor
Årvollveien	properNoun	swe	Årvollveien	properNoun	nor
Årøkilen	properNoun	swe	Årøkilen	properNoun	nor
Årøskogen	properNoun	swe	Årøskogen	properNoun	nor
Årøtangen	properNoun	swe	Årøtangen	properNoun	nor
Årøveien	properNoun	swe	Årøveien	properNoun	nor
Åsamyrane	properNoun	swe	Åsamyrane	properNoun	nor
Åsane Senter	properNoun	swe	Åsane Senter	properNoun	nor
Åsane terrasse	properNoun	swe	Åsane terrasse	properNoun	nor
Åsanetoppen	properNoun	swe	Åsanetoppen	properNoun	nor
Åsaneveien	properNoun	swe	Åsaneveien	properNoun	nor
Åsarøy	properNoun	swe	Åsarøy	properNoun	nor
Åsaveien	properNoun	swe	Åsaveien	properNoun	nor
Åsbakken	properNoun	swe	Åsbakken	properNoun	nor
Åsbrekka	properNoun	swe	Åsbrekka	properNoun	nor
Åsbråtan	properNoun	swe	Åsbråtan	properNoun	nor
Åsbråten	properNoun	swe	Åsbråten	properNoun	nor
Åsbråtstien	properNoun	swe	Åsbråtstien	properNoun	nor
Åsdalsveien	properNoun	swe	Åsdalsveien	properNoun	nor
Åsenbakken	properNoun	swe	Åsenbakken	properNoun	nor
Åsengata	properNoun	swe	Åsengata	properNoun	nor
Åsengate	properNoun	swe	Åsengate	properNoun	nor
Åsengveien	properNoun	swe	Åsengveien	properNoun	nor
Åsenstranda	properNoun	swe	Åsenstranda	properNoun	nor
Åsensvingen	properNoun	swe	Åsensvingen	properNoun	nor
Åsenveien	properNoun	swe	Åsenveien	properNoun	nor
Åses vei	properNoun	swe	Åses vei	properNoun	nor
Åsfaret	properNoun	swe	Åsfaret	properNoun	nor
Åsgårdstrandsveien	properNoun	swe	Åsgårdstrandsveien	properNoun	nor
Åshaugveien	properNoun	swe	Åshaugveien	properNoun	nor
Åsheimsvegen	properNoun	swe	Åsheimsvegen	properNoun	nor
Åshusveien	properNoun	swe	Åshusveien	properNoun	nor
Åsjordet	properNoun	swe	Åsjordet	properNoun	nor
Åskammen	properNoun	swe	Åskammen	properNoun	nor
Åskollen	properNoun	swe	Åskollen	properNoun	nor
Åskroken	properNoun	swe	Åskroken	properNoun	nor
Åslandgata	properNoun	swe	Åslandgata	properNoun	nor
Aaslandgrenda	properNoun	swe	Aaslandgrenda	properNoun	nor
Åslandhellinga	properNoun	swe	Åslandhellinga	properNoun	nor
Åslandkroken	properNoun	swe	Åslandkroken	properNoun	nor
Åslandveien	properNoun	swe	Åslandveien	properNoun	nor
Åslendevegen	properNoun	swe	Åslendevegen	properNoun	nor
Åslia	properNoun	swe	Åslia	properNoun	nor
Åsligrenda	properNoun	swe	Åsligrenda	properNoun	nor
Åsliveien	properNoun	swe	Åsliveien	properNoun	nor
Åslyparken	properNoun	swe	Åslyparken	properNoun	nor
Åslyveien	properNoun	swe	Åslyveien	properNoun	nor
Åsløkklia	properNoun	swe	Åsløkklia	properNoun	nor
Åsløkkstien	properNoun	swe	Åsløkkstien	properNoun	nor
Åsløkkveien	properNoun	swe	Åsløkkveien	properNoun	nor
Aasmund Vinjes gate	properNoun	swe	Aasmund Vinjes gate	properNoun	nor
Aasmund Vinjes vei	properNoun	swe	Aasmund Vinjes vei	properNoun	nor
Åsnut	properNoun	swe	Åsnut	properNoun	nor
Åsrumveien	properNoun	swe	Åsrumveien	properNoun	nor
Åsryggen	properNoun	swe	Åsryggen	properNoun	nor
Åssiden	properNoun	swe	Åssiden	properNoun	nor
Åssiden terrasse	properNoun	swe	Åssiden terrasse	properNoun	nor
Åssideveien	properNoun	swe	Åssideveien	properNoun	nor
Åssletta	properNoun	swe	Åssletta	properNoun	nor
Åsstubben	properNoun	swe	Åsstubben	properNoun	nor
Åstadbakken	properNoun	swe	Åstadbakken	properNoun	nor
Aasta Hansteens vei	properNoun	swe	Aasta Hansteens vei	properNoun	nor
Åsterudsletta	properNoun	swe	Åsterudsletta	properNoun	nor
Åsterudstien	properNoun	swe	Åsterudstien	properNoun	nor
Åsterudveien	properNoun	swe	Åsterudveien	properNoun	nor
Åstveitskogen	properNoun	swe	Åstveitskogen	properNoun	nor
Åstveittunet	properNoun	swe	Åstveittunet	properNoun	nor
Åstveitveien	properNoun	swe	Åstveitveien	properNoun	nor
Åsvegen	properNoun	swe	Åsvegen	properNoun	nor
Åsveien	properNoun	swe	Åsveien	properNoun	nor
Ab	properNoun	swe	Ab	properNoun	nor
Abayov	properNoun	swe	Abayov	properNoun	nor
Abdallah	properNoun	swe	Abdallah	properNoun	nor
Abdel	properNoun	swe	Abdel	properNoun	nor
Abdelrahim	properNoun	swe	Abdelrahim	properNoun	nor
Abderrahman	properNoun	swe	Abderrahman	properNoun	nor
Abdiasis	properNoun	swe	Abdiasis	properNoun	nor
Abdulaziz	properNoun	swe	Abdulaziz	properNoun	nor
Abdulrahman	properNoun	swe	Abdulrahman	properNoun	nor
Abe	properNoun	swe	Abe	properNoun	nor
Abeba	properNoun	swe	Abeba	properNoun	nor
Abelvik	properNoun	swe	Abelvik	properNoun	nor
Abeywardena	properNoun	swe	Abeywardena	properNoun	nor
Abid	properNoun	swe	Abid	properNoun	nor
Abiy	properNoun	swe	Abiy	properNoun	nor
Acosta	properNoun	swe	Acosta	properNoun	nor
Adamowicz	properNoun	swe	Adamowicz	properNoun	nor
Ade	properNoun	swe	Ade	properNoun	nor
Adelaide	properNoun	swe	Adelaide	properNoun	nor
Adeleide	properNoun	swe	Adeleide	properNoun	nor
Adorno	properNoun	swe	Adorno	properNoun	nor
Adrian	properNoun	swe	Adrian	properNoun	nor
Adulyadej	properNoun	swe	Adulyadej	properNoun	nor
Afridi	properNoun	swe	Afridi	properNoun	nor
Agdestein	properNoun	swe	Agdestein	properNoun	nor
Agency	properNoun	swe	Agency	properNoun	nor
Agios	properNoun	swe	Agios	properNoun	nor
Agouda	properNoun	swe	Agouda	properNoun	nor
Ahle	properNoun	swe	Ahle	properNoun	nor
Ahn	properNoun	swe	Ahn	properNoun	nor
Aimon	properNoun	swe	Aimon	properNoun	nor
Air	properNoun	swe	Air	properNoun	nor
Aisato	properNoun	swe	Aisato	properNoun	nor
Aivazov	properNoun	swe	Aivazov	properNoun	nor
Ajara	properNoun	swe	Ajara	properNoun	nor
Ajer	properNoun	swe	Ajer	properNoun	nor
Akasia	properNoun	swe	Akasia	properNoun	nor
Akinmusire	properNoun	swe	Akinmusire	properNoun	nor
Akito	properNoun	swe	Akito	properNoun	nor
Al	properNoun	swe	Al	properNoun	nor
Alastair	properNoun	swe	Alastair	properNoun	nor
Alayli	properNoun	swe	Alayli	properNoun	nor
Alberto	properNoun	swe	Alberto	properNoun	nor
Alderweireld	properNoun	swe	Alderweireld	properNoun	nor
Alejandro	properNoun	swe	Alejandro	properNoun	nor
Alessandro	properNoun	swe	Alessandro	properNoun	nor
Alexandr	properNoun	swe	Alexandr	properNoun	nor
Alexei	properNoun	swe	Alexei	properNoun	nor
Alexej	properNoun	swe	Alexej	properNoun	nor
Alexis	properNoun	swe	Alexis	properNoun	nor
Alfheim	properNoun	swe	Alfheim	properNoun	nor
Alik	properNoun	swe	Alik	properNoun	nor
Aliprandini	properNoun	swe	Aliprandini	properNoun	nor
Alireza	properNoun	swe	Alireza	properNoun	nor
Alistair	properNoun	swe	Alistair	properNoun	nor
Alistar	properNoun	swe	Alistar	properNoun	nor
Alix	properNoun	swe	Alix	properNoun	nor
Alley	properNoun	swe	Alley	properNoun	nor
Alli	properNoun	swe	Alli	properNoun	nor
Allison	properNoun	swe	Allison	properNoun	nor
Almlid	properNoun	swe	Almlid	properNoun	nor
Alsing	properNoun	swe	Alsing	properNoun	nor
Alstrup	properNoun	swe	Alstrup	properNoun	nor
Alsvik	properNoun	swe	Alsvik	properNoun	nor
Altaf	properNoun	swe	Altaf	properNoun	nor
Altaffer	properNoun	swe	Altaffer	properNoun	nor
Alvik	properNoun	swe	Alvik	properNoun	nor
Alaa	properNoun	swe	Alaa	properNoun	nor
Amano	properNoun	swe	Amano	properNoun	nor
Amar	properNoun	swe	Amar	properNoun	nor
Amarasinghe	properNoun	swe	Amarasinghe	properNoun	nor
Amber	properNoun	swe	Amber	properNoun	nor
Ambrose	properNoun	swe	Ambrose	properNoun	nor
Amdam	properNoun	swe	Amdam	properNoun	nor
Ameer	properNoun	swe	Ameer	properNoun	nor
Amgala	properNoun	swe	Amgala	properNoun	nor
Ammar	properNoun	swe	Ammar	properNoun	nor
Ana	properNoun	swe	Ana	properNoun	nor
Anak	properNoun	swe	Anak	properNoun	nor
Analyse	properNoun	swe	Analyse	properNoun	nor
Anand	properNoun	swe	Anand	properNoun	nor
Anchor	properNoun	swe	Anchor	properNoun	nor
Andalo	properNoun	swe	Andalo	properNoun	nor
Andreeva	properNoun	swe	Andreeva	properNoun	nor
Andreva	properNoun	swe	Andreva	properNoun	nor
Andry	properNoun	swe	Andry	properNoun	nor
Andsnes	properNoun	swe	Andsnes	properNoun	nor
Angelis	properNoun	swe	Angelis	properNoun	nor
Ankara	properNoun	swe	Ankara	properNoun	nor
Annan	properNoun	swe	Annan	properNoun	nor
Annegret	properNoun	swe	Annegret	properNoun	nor
Annett	properNoun	swe	Annett	properNoun	nor
Antczak	properNoun	swe	Antczak	properNoun	nor
Antlers	properNoun	swe	Antlers	properNoun	nor
Antonin	properNoun	swe	Antonin	properNoun	nor
Appelgren	properNoun	swe	Appelgren	properNoun	nor
Appelkvist	properNoun	swe	Appelkvist	properNoun	nor
Applewhite	properNoun	swe	Applewhite	properNoun	nor
April	properNoun	swe	April	properNoun	nor
Aps	properNoun	swe	Aps	properNoun	nor
Araroa	properNoun	swe	Araroa	properNoun	nor
Arias	properNoun	swe	Arias	properNoun	nor
Arlene	properNoun	swe	Arlene	properNoun	nor
Armand	properNoun	swe	Armand	properNoun	nor
Arnarson	properNoun	swe	Arnarson	properNoun	nor
Arnault	properNoun	swe	Arnault	properNoun	nor
Arnd	properNoun	swe	Arnd	properNoun	nor
Arnstad	properNoun	swe	Arnstad	properNoun	nor
Arntzen	properNoun	swe	Arntzen	properNoun	nor
Aronian	properNoun	swe	Aronian	properNoun	nor
Artyom	properNoun	swe	Artyom	properNoun	nor
Arvin	properNoun	swe	Arvin	properNoun	nor
Asahi	properNoun	swe	Asahi	properNoun	nor
Asheim	properNoun	swe	Asheim	properNoun	nor
Asher	properNoun	swe	Asher	properNoun	nor
Ashkin	properNoun	swe	Ashkin	properNoun	nor
Asia	properNoun	swe	Asia	properNoun	nor
Asif	properNoun	swe	Asif	properNoun	nor
Askar	properNoun	swe	Askar	properNoun	nor
Asker	properNoun	swe	Asker	properNoun	nor
Askholt	properNoun	swe	Askholt	properNoun	nor
Asmyhr	properNoun	swe	Asmyhr	properNoun	nor
Assam	properNoun	swe	Assam	properNoun	nor
Astrini	properNoun	swe	Astrini	properNoun	nor
Astro	properNoun	swe	Astro	properNoun	nor
Ateef	properNoun	swe	Ateef	properNoun	nor
Auberg	properNoun	swe	Auberg	properNoun	nor
Augensen	properNoun	swe	Augensen	properNoun	nor
Augenstein	properNoun	swe	Augenstein	properNoun	nor
Augstein	properNoun	swe	Augstein	properNoun	nor
Auletta	properNoun	swe	Auletta	properNoun	nor
Aum	properNoun	swe	Aum	properNoun	nor
Aung	properNoun	swe	Aung	properNoun	nor
Aurelio	properNoun	swe	Aurelio	properNoun	nor
Avigdor	properNoun	swe	Avigdor	properNoun	nor
Awad	properNoun	swe	Awad	properNoun	nor
Awani	properNoun	swe	Awani	properNoun	nor
Aydar	properNoun	swe	Aydar	properNoun	nor
Ayers	properNoun	swe	Ayers	properNoun	nor
Aymeric	properNoun	swe	Aymeric	properNoun	nor
Ayrault	properNoun	swe	Ayrault	properNoun	nor
Aziz	properNoun	swe	Aziz	properNoun	nor
Azizi	properNoun	swe	Azizi	properNoun	nor
Badeh	properNoun	swe	Badeh	properNoun	nor
Bager	properNoun	swe	Bager	properNoun	nor
Bagschik	properNoun	swe	Bagschik	properNoun	nor
Bah	properNoun	swe	Bah	properNoun	nor
Bahaduri	properNoun	swe	Bahaduri	properNoun	nor
Bahareh	properNoun	swe	Bahareh	properNoun	nor
Baig	properNoun	swe	Baig	properNoun	nor
Bailey	properNoun	swe	Bailey	properNoun	nor
Bainimarama	properNoun	swe	Bainimarama	properNoun	nor
Bakhtiar	properNoun	swe	Bakhtiar	properNoun	nor
Baldwin	properNoun	swe	Baldwin	properNoun	nor
Baloch	properNoun	swe	Baloch	properNoun	nor
Bameri	properNoun	swe	Bameri	properNoun	nor
Bandic	properNoun	swe	Bandic	properNoun	nor
Banja	properNoun	swe	Banja	properNoun	nor
Bar	properNoun	swe	Bar	properNoun	nor
Barak	properNoun	swe	Barak	properNoun	nor
Barclay	properNoun	swe	Barclay	properNoun	nor
Barega	properNoun	swe	Barega	properNoun	nor
Barghouti	properNoun	swe	Barghouti	properNoun	nor
Barken	properNoun	swe	Barken	properNoun	nor
Barley	properNoun	swe	Barley	properNoun	nor
Barnier	properNoun	swe	Barnier	properNoun	nor
Bartra	properNoun	swe	Bartra	properNoun	nor
Baset	properNoun	swe	Baset	properNoun	nor
Bastholm	properNoun	swe	Bastholm	properNoun	nor
Batenkova	properNoun	swe	Batenkova	properNoun	nor
Batherson	properNoun	swe	Batherson	properNoun	nor
Bay	properNoun	swe	Bay	properNoun	nor
Bays	properNoun	swe	Bays	properNoun	nor
Bazard	properNoun	swe	Bazard	properNoun	nor
Beat	properNoun	swe	Beat	properNoun	nor
Beke	properNoun	swe	Beke	properNoun	nor
Bekkevold	properNoun	swe	Bekkevold	properNoun	nor
Belsoeur	properNoun	swe	Belsoeur	properNoun	nor
Bemba	properNoun	swe	Bemba	properNoun	nor
Bendtner	properNoun	swe	Bendtner	properNoun	nor
Benedejcic	properNoun	swe	Benedejcic	properNoun	nor
Benestad	properNoun	swe	Benestad	properNoun	nor
Bengtsberg	properNoun	swe	Bengtsberg	properNoun	nor
Bennet	properNoun	swe	Bennet	properNoun	nor
Benoit	properNoun	swe	Benoit	properNoun	nor
Bentayga	properNoun	swe	Bentayga	properNoun	nor
Bentley	properNoun	swe	Bentley	properNoun	nor
Bergdis	properNoun	swe	Bergdis	properNoun	nor
Berger	properNoun	swe	Berger	properNoun	nor
Bernal	properNoun	swe	Bernal	properNoun	nor
Bernardo	properNoun	swe	Bernardo	properNoun	nor
Bernsen	properNoun	swe	Bernsen	properNoun	nor
Bertinussen	properNoun	swe	Bertinussen	properNoun	nor
Bertran	properNoun	swe	Bertran	properNoun	nor
Bertrand	properNoun	swe	Bertrand	properNoun	nor
Besaw	properNoun	swe	Besaw	properNoun	nor
Bet	properNoun	swe	Bet	properNoun	nor
Bethnal	properNoun	swe	Bethnal	properNoun	nor
Bezjak	properNoun	swe	Bezjak	properNoun	nor
Bhumibol	properNoun	swe	Bhumibol	properNoun	nor
Bichara	properNoun	swe	Bichara	properNoun	nor
Bieber	properNoun	swe	Bieber	properNoun	nor
Biller	properNoun	swe	Biller	properNoun	nor
Bilow	properNoun	swe	Bilow	properNoun	nor
Binh	properNoun	swe	Binh	properNoun	nor
Binsan	properNoun	swe	Binsan	properNoun	nor
Binærfil	properNoun	swe	Binærfil	properNoun	nor
Birchall	properNoun	swe	Birchall	properNoun	nor
Birkeland	properNoun	swe	Birkeland	properNoun	nor
Birkelund	properNoun	swe	Birkelund	properNoun	nor
Bischoff	properNoun	swe	Bischoff	properNoun	nor
Bjarke	properNoun	swe	Bjarke	properNoun	nor
Bjelfvenstam	properNoun	swe	Bjelfvenstam	properNoun	nor
Bjella	properNoun	swe	Bjella	properNoun	nor
Bjelland	properNoun	swe	Bjelland	properNoun	nor
Bjellaanes	properNoun	swe	Bjellaanes	properNoun	nor
Bjerke	properNoun	swe	Bjerke	properNoun	nor
Bjerkeset	properNoun	swe	Bjerkeset	properNoun	nor
Bjerkmes	properNoun	swe	Bjerkmes	properNoun	nor
Bjerknes	properNoun	swe	Bjerknes	properNoun	nor
Bjorkstrand	properNoun	swe	Bjorkstrand	properNoun	nor
Blad	properNoun	swe	Blad	properNoun	nor
Blakstvedt	properNoun	swe	Blakstvedt	properNoun	nor
Bland	properNoun	swe	Bland	properNoun	nor
Blekeli	properNoun	swe	Blekeli	properNoun	nor
Blokhus	properNoun	swe	Blokhus	properNoun	nor
Blonz	properNoun	swe	Blonz	properNoun	nor
Bo	properNoun	swe	Bo	properNoun	nor
Boasson	properNoun	swe	Boasson	properNoun	nor
Boccara	properNoun	swe	Boccara	properNoun	nor
Bodd	properNoun	swe	Bodd	properNoun	nor
Bohinen	properNoun	swe	Bohinen	properNoun	nor
Bojan	properNoun	swe	Bojan	properNoun	nor
Boldsen	properNoun	swe	Boldsen	properNoun	nor
Boli	properNoun	swe	Boli	properNoun	nor
Bolsjunov	properNoun	swe	Bolsjunov	properNoun	nor
Bolsonaro	properNoun	swe	Bolsonaro	properNoun	nor
Bongohar	properNoun	swe	Bongohar	properNoun	nor
Borg	properNoun	swe	Borg	properNoun	nor
Borgli	properNoun	swe	Borgli	properNoun	nor
Borm	properNoun	swe	Borm	properNoun	nor
Borut	properNoun	swe	Borut	properNoun	nor
Boss	properNoun	swe	Boss	properNoun	nor
Botnan	properNoun	swe	Botnan	properNoun	nor
Bott	properNoun	swe	Bott	properNoun	nor
Bournemouth	properNoun	swe	Bournemouth	properNoun	nor
Bovim	properNoun	swe	Bovim	properNoun	nor
Bowie	properNoun	swe	Bowie	properNoun	nor
Bowmer	properNoun	swe	Bowmer	properNoun	nor
Boyesen	properNoun	swe	Boyesen	properNoun	nor
Brabo	properNoun	swe	Brabo	properNoun	nor
Bradley	properNoun	swe	Bradley	properNoun	nor
Bradshaw	properNoun	swe	Bradshaw	properNoun	nor
Brady	properNoun	swe	Brady	properNoun	nor
Bramley	properNoun	swe	Bramley	properNoun	nor
Brandon	properNoun	swe	Brandon	properNoun	nor
Brandsdal	properNoun	swe	Brandsdal	properNoun	nor
Branson	properNoun	swe	Branson	properNoun	nor
Bratland	properNoun	swe	Bratland	properNoun	nor
Bratseth	properNoun	swe	Bratseth	properNoun	nor
Brattlien	properNoun	swe	Brattlien	properNoun	nor
Brattset	properNoun	swe	Brattset	properNoun	nor
Braverman	properNoun	swe	Braverman	properNoun	nor
Braziel	properNoun	swe	Braziel	properNoun	nor
Bredeli	properNoun	swe	Bredeli	properNoun	nor
Breen	properNoun	swe	Breen	properNoun	nor
Breili	properNoun	swe	Breili	properNoun	nor
Breivik	properNoun	swe	Breivik	properNoun	nor
Brent	properNoun	swe	Brent	properNoun	nor
Bresciani	properNoun	swe	Bresciani	properNoun	nor
Bretten	properNoun	swe	Bretten	properNoun	nor
Brettingen	properNoun	swe	Brettingen	properNoun	nor
Bridges	properNoun	swe	Bridges	properNoun	nor
Brignone	properNoun	swe	Brignone	properNoun	nor
Brnabic	properNoun	swe	Brnabic	properNoun	nor
Brosvik	properNoun	swe	Brosvik	properNoun	nor
Brown	properNoun	swe	Brown	properNoun	nor
Bruflot	properNoun	swe	Bruflot	properNoun	nor
Brunner	properNoun	swe	Brunner	properNoun	nor
Braaten	properNoun	swe	Braaten	properNoun	nor
Braathen	properNoun	swe	Braathen	properNoun	nor
Buchardt	properNoun	swe	Buchardt	properNoun	nor
Buchverlage	properNoun	swe	Buchverlage	properNoun	nor
Bucket	properNoun	swe	Bucket	properNoun	nor
Bukkvoll	properNoun	swe	Bukkvoll	properNoun	nor
Bullen	properNoun	swe	Bullen	properNoun	nor
Burbridge	properNoun	swe	Burbridge	properNoun	nor
Burden	properNoun	swe	Burden	properNoun	nor
Burhan	properNoun	swe	Burhan	properNoun	nor
Burnett	properNoun	swe	Burnett	properNoun	nor
Buraas	properNoun	swe	Buraas	properNoun	nor
By	properNoun	swe	By	properNoun	nor
Byermoen	properNoun	swe	Byermoen	properNoun	nor
Bygdnes	properNoun	swe	Bygdnes	properNoun	nor
Baastad	properNoun	swe	Baastad	properNoun	nor
Caeleb	properNoun	swe	Caeleb	properNoun	nor
Cahit	properNoun	swe	Cahit	properNoun	nor
Callanan	properNoun	swe	Callanan	properNoun	nor
Calle	properNoun	swe	Calle	properNoun	nor
Calvo	properNoun	swe	Calvo	properNoun	nor
Camarines	properNoun	swe	Camarines	properNoun	nor
Cameron	properNoun	swe	Cameron	properNoun	nor
Camille	properNoun	swe	Camille	properNoun	nor
Campodonico	properNoun	swe	Campodonico	properNoun	nor
Campos	properNoun	swe	Campos	properNoun	nor
Camps	properNoun	swe	Camps	properNoun	nor
Camus	properNoun	swe	Camus	properNoun	nor
Canadiens	properNoun	swe	Canadiens	properNoun	nor
Canaveral	properNoun	swe	Canaveral	properNoun	nor
Capablancha	properNoun	swe	Capablancha	properNoun	nor
Cappelen	properNoun	swe	Cappelen	properNoun	nor
Carles	properNoun	swe	Carles	properNoun	nor
Carolyn	properNoun	swe	Carolyn	properNoun	nor
Caruana	properNoun	swe	Caruana	properNoun	nor
Castaner	properNoun	swe	Castaner	properNoun	nor
Castillo	properNoun	swe	Castillo	properNoun	nor
Castleman	properNoun	swe	Castleman	properNoun	nor
Catriona	properNoun	swe	Catriona	properNoun	nor
Cauchy	properNoun	swe	Cauchy	properNoun	nor
Cautres	properNoun	swe	Cautres	properNoun	nor
Caviezel	properNoun	swe	Caviezel	properNoun	nor
Cavusoglu	properNoun	swe	Cavusoglu	properNoun	nor
Ceferin	properNoun	swe	Ceferin	properNoun	nor
Celetsjovskij	properNoun	swe	Celetsjovskij	properNoun	nor
Chaim	properNoun	swe	Chaim	properNoun	nor
Chain	properNoun	swe	Chain	properNoun	nor
Chamereau	properNoun	swe	Chamereau	properNoun	nor
Chang	properNoun	swe	Chang	properNoun	nor
Charamba	properNoun	swe	Charamba	properNoun	nor
Charity	properNoun	swe	Charity	properNoun	nor
Chea	properNoun	swe	Chea	properNoun	nor
Chekatt	properNoun	swe	Chekatt	properNoun	nor
Cheney	properNoun	swe	Cheney	properNoun	nor
Chepkoech	properNoun	swe	Chepkoech	properNoun	nor
Cherif	properNoun	swe	Cherif	properNoun	nor
Chery	properNoun	swe	Chery	properNoun	nor
Cheung	properNoun	swe	Cheung	properNoun	nor
Cheuvreux	properNoun	swe	Cheuvreux	properNoun	nor
Chloe	properNoun	swe	Chloe	properNoun	nor
Chong	properNoun	swe	Chong	properNoun	nor
Chrisstoffer	properNoun	swe	Chrisstoffer	properNoun	nor
Christof	properNoun	swe	Christof	properNoun	nor
Christoph	properNoun	swe	Christoph	properNoun	nor
Christophe	properNoun	swe	Christophe	properNoun	nor
Chrystia	properNoun	swe	Chrystia	properNoun	nor
Chunying	properNoun	swe	Chunying	properNoun	nor
Cipriani	properNoun	swe	Cipriani	properNoun	nor
Cirelli	properNoun	swe	Cirelli	properNoun	nor
Clare	properNoun	swe	Clare	properNoun	nor
Clas	properNoun	swe	Clas	properNoun	nor
Claudio	properNoun	swe	Claudio	properNoun	nor
Cleaver	properNoun	swe	Cleaver	properNoun	nor
Clooney	properNoun	swe	Clooney	properNoun	nor
Close	properNoun	swe	Close	properNoun	nor
Cohen	properNoun	swe	Cohen	properNoun	nor
Coleman	properNoun	swe	Coleman	properNoun	nor
Collins	properNoun	swe	Collins	properNoun	nor
Cologna	properNoun	swe	Cologna	properNoun	nor
Comey	properNoun	swe	Comey	properNoun	nor
Conricus	properNoun	swe	Conricus	properNoun	nor
Contadors	properNoun	swe	Contadors	properNoun	nor
Conte	properNoun	swe	Conte	properNoun	nor
Coolen	properNoun	swe	Coolen	properNoun	nor
Corbyn	properNoun	swe	Corbyn	properNoun	nor
Corneille	properNoun	swe	Corneille	properNoun	nor
Corning	properNoun	swe	Corning	properNoun	nor
Corpina	properNoun	swe	Corpina	properNoun	nor
Corsi	properNoun	swe	Corsi	properNoun	nor
Cory	properNoun	swe	Cory	properNoun	nor
Cousans	properNoun	swe	Cousans	properNoun	nor
Coyle	properNoun	swe	Coyle	properNoun	nor
Creagh	properNoun	swe	Creagh	properNoun	nor
Creed	properNoun	swe	Creed	properNoun	nor
Cristiano	properNoun	swe	Cristiano	properNoun	nor
Cudicini	properNoun	swe	Cudicini	properNoun	nor
Cunningham	properNoun	swe	Cunningham	properNoun	nor
Curtis	properNoun	swe	Curtis	properNoun	nor
Czaputowicz	properNoun	swe	Czaputowicz	properNoun	nor
Czarek	properNoun	swe	Czarek	properNoun	nor
Dahle	properNoun	swe	Dahle	properNoun	nor
Dahlhaug	properNoun	swe	Dahlhaug	properNoun	nor
Dahlmeier	properNoun	swe	Dahlmeier	properNoun	nor
Dahlqvist	properNoun	swe	Dahlqvist	properNoun	nor
Dahlum	properNoun	swe	Dahlum	properNoun	nor
Daiki	properNoun	swe	Daiki	properNoun	nor
Daimler	properNoun	swe	Daimler	properNoun	nor
Daiwa	properNoun	swe	Daiwa	properNoun	nor
Daleside	properNoun	swe	Daleside	properNoun	nor
Dallas	properNoun	swe	Dallas	properNoun	nor
Dalseide	properNoun	swe	Dalseide	properNoun	nor
Damman	properNoun	swe	Damman	properNoun	nor
Dana	properNoun	swe	Dana	properNoun	nor
Danas	properNoun	swe	Danas	properNoun	nor
Danijl	properNoun	swe	Danijl	properNoun	nor
Danon	properNoun	swe	Danon	properNoun	nor
Dar	properNoun	swe	Dar	properNoun	nor
Dario	properNoun	swe	Dario	properNoun	nor
Darko	properNoun	swe	Darko	properNoun	nor
Darroch	properNoun	swe	Darroch	properNoun	nor
Darryl	properNoun	swe	Darryl	properNoun	nor
Davis	properNoun	swe	Davis	properNoun	nor
Dawid	properNoun	swe	Dawid	properNoun	nor
Dawn	properNoun	swe	Dawn	properNoun	nor
De	properNoun	swe	De	properNoun	nor
Dedieu	properNoun	swe	Dedieu	properNoun	nor
Dejan	properNoun	swe	Dejan	properNoun	nor
Delay	properNoun	swe	Delay	properNoun	nor
Dele	properNoun	swe	Dele	properNoun	nor
Delpuech	properNoun	swe	Delpuech	properNoun	nor
Demidov	properNoun	swe	Demidov	properNoun	nor
Dempsey	properNoun	swe	Dempsey	properNoun	nor
Denis	properNoun	swe	Denis	properNoun	nor
Denisa	properNoun	swe	Denisa	properNoun	nor
Dente	properNoun	swe	Dente	properNoun	nor
Depp	properNoun	swe	Depp	properNoun	nor
Dhabi	properNoun	swe	Dhabi	properNoun	nor
Di	properNoun	swe	Di	properNoun	nor
Diack	properNoun	swe	Diack	properNoun	nor
Diawara	properNoun	swe	Diawara	properNoun	nor
Diaz	properNoun	swe	Diaz	properNoun	nor
Didier	properNoun	swe	Didier	properNoun	nor
Dietmar	properNoun	swe	Dietmar	properNoun	nor
Dieu	properNoun	swe	Dieu	properNoun	nor
Dieudonne	properNoun	swe	Dieudonne	properNoun	nor
Dilma	properNoun	swe	Dilma	properNoun	nor
Dimitrios	properNoun	swe	Dimitrios	properNoun	nor
Dinnage	properNoun	swe	Dinnage	properNoun	nor
Disa	properNoun	swe	Disa	properNoun	nor
Diserud	properNoun	swe	Diserud	properNoun	nor
Divock	properNoun	swe	Divock	properNoun	nor
Diya	properNoun	swe	Diya	properNoun	nor
Djabrail	properNoun	swe	Djabrail	properNoun	nor
Djokovic	properNoun	swe	Djokovic	properNoun	nor
Djursvoll	properNoun	swe	Djursvoll	properNoun	nor
Dmitri	properNoun	swe	Dmitri	properNoun	nor
Dmitrij	properNoun	swe	Dmitrij	properNoun	nor
Dock	properNoun	swe	Dock	properNoun	nor
Doi	properNoun	swe	Doi	properNoun	nor
Dokset	properNoun	swe	Dokset	properNoun	nor
Doll	properNoun	swe	Doll	properNoun	nor
Dombrovskis	properNoun	swe	Dombrovskis	properNoun	nor
Domingo	properNoun	swe	Domingo	properNoun	nor
Dominic	properNoun	swe	Dominic	properNoun	nor
Dominik	properNoun	swe	Dominik	properNoun	nor
Dommer	properNoun	swe	Dommer	properNoun	nor
Don	properNoun	swe	Don	properNoun	nor
Dorthellinger	properNoun	swe	Dorthellinger	properNoun	nor
Draghi	properNoun	swe	Draghi	properNoun	nor
Draksler	properNoun	swe	Draksler	properNoun	nor
Drange	properNoun	swe	Drange	properNoun	nor
Dressel	properNoun	swe	Dressel	properNoun	nor
Drevland	properNoun	swe	Drevland	properNoun	nor
Drew	properNoun	swe	Drew	properNoun	nor
Drian	properNoun	swe	Drian	properNoun	nor
Drogba	properNoun	swe	Drogba	properNoun	nor
Drouet	properNoun	swe	Drouet	properNoun	nor
Druzhinin	properNoun	swe	Druzhinin	properNoun	nor
Duarte	properNoun	swe	Duarte	properNoun	nor
Dubois	properNoun	swe	Dubois	properNoun	nor
Dubov	properNoun	swe	Dubov	properNoun	nor
Duchene	properNoun	swe	Duchene	properNoun	nor
Duffy	properNoun	swe	Duffy	properNoun	nor
Duke	properNoun	swe	Duke	properNoun	nor
Dunford	properNoun	swe	Dunford	properNoun	nor
Dunham	properNoun	swe	Dunham	properNoun	nor
Dunn	properNoun	swe	Dunn	properNoun	nor
Duplantis	properNoun	swe	Duplantis	properNoun	nor
Duque	properNoun	swe	Duque	properNoun	nor
Duterte	properNoun	swe	Duterte	properNoun	nor
Dutra	properNoun	swe	Dutra	properNoun	nor
Duvaland	properNoun	swe	Duvaland	properNoun	nor
Dyck	properNoun	swe	Dyck	properNoun	nor
Edition	properNoun	swe	Edition	properNoun	nor
Edson	properNoun	swe	Edson	properNoun	nor
Edvald	properNoun	swe	Edvald	properNoun	nor
Efrem	properNoun	swe	Efrem	properNoun	nor
Egan	properNoun	swe	Egan	properNoun	nor
Egeland	properNoun	swe	Egeland	properNoun	nor
Egerton	properNoun	swe	Egerton	properNoun	nor
Egmont	properNoun	swe	Egmont	properNoun	nor
Egseth	properNoun	swe	Egseth	properNoun	nor
Ehrenzeller	properNoun	swe	Ehrenzeller	properNoun	nor
Ehud	properNoun	swe	Ehud	properNoun	nor
Eilev	properNoun	swe	Eilev	properNoun	nor
Eisenbichler	properNoun	swe	Eisenbichler	properNoun	nor
Eiterjord	properNoun	swe	Eiterjord	properNoun	nor
Ekker	properNoun	swe	Ekker	properNoun	nor
El	properNoun	swe	El	properNoun	nor
Eldholm	properNoun	swe	Eldholm	properNoun	nor
Eliud	properNoun	swe	Eliud	properNoun	nor
Eller	properNoun	swe	Eller	properNoun	nor
Elvestuen	properNoun	swe	Elvestuen	properNoun	nor
Elyounoussi	properNoun	swe	Elyounoussi	properNoun	nor
Emerick	properNoun	swe	Emerick	properNoun	nor
Emery	properNoun	swe	Emery	properNoun	nor
Emilio	properNoun	swe	Emilio	properNoun	nor
Ena	properNoun	swe	Ena	properNoun	nor
Enda	properNoun	swe	Enda	properNoun	nor
Engels	properNoun	swe	Engels	properNoun	nor
Engesli	properNoun	swe	Engesli	properNoun	nor
Eno	properNoun	swe	Eno	properNoun	nor
Enrica	properNoun	swe	Enrica	properNoun	nor
Enrico	properNoun	swe	Enrico	properNoun	nor
Enrique	properNoun	swe	Enrique	properNoun	nor
Enstad	properNoun	swe	Enstad	properNoun	nor
Eraldo	properNoun	swe	Eraldo	properNoun	nor
Erevik	properNoun	swe	Erevik	properNoun	nor
Ervik	properNoun	swe	Ervik	properNoun	nor
Ervin	properNoun	swe	Ervin	properNoun	nor
Escobar	properNoun	swe	Escobar	properNoun	nor
Eskau	properNoun	swe	Eskau	properNoun	nor
Esmark	properNoun	swe	Esmark	properNoun	nor
Espinosa	properNoun	swe	Espinosa	properNoun	nor
Etter	properNoun	swe	Etter	properNoun	nor
Euler	properNoun	swe	Euler	properNoun	nor
Evan	properNoun	swe	Evan	properNoun	nor
Evgeniy	properNoun	swe	Evgeniy	properNoun	nor
Evo	properNoun	swe	Evo	properNoun	nor
Evoque	properNoun	swe	Evoque	properNoun	nor
Fabiani	properNoun	swe	Fabiani	properNoun	nor
Fabiano	properNoun	swe	Fabiano	properNoun	nor
Fabio	properNoun	swe	Fabio	properNoun	nor
Facciotti	properNoun	swe	Facciotti	properNoun	nor
Faghandel	properNoun	swe	Faghandel	properNoun	nor
Falcon	properNoun	swe	Falcon	properNoun	nor
Falkevik	properNoun	swe	Falkevik	properNoun	nor
Falla	properNoun	swe	Falla	properNoun	nor
Falun	properNoun	swe	Falun	properNoun	nor
Fangio	properNoun	swe	Fangio	properNoun	nor
Faraj	properNoun	swe	Faraj	properNoun	nor
Farhad	properNoun	swe	Farhad	properNoun	nor
Farid	properNoun	swe	Farid	properNoun	nor
Faris	properNoun	swe	Faris	properNoun	nor
Fast	properNoun	swe	Fast	properNoun	nor
Fatameh	properNoun	swe	Fatameh	properNoun	nor
Fatoumata	properNoun	swe	Fatoumata	properNoun	nor
Favila	properNoun	swe	Favila	properNoun	nor
Favre	properNoun	swe	Favre	properNoun	nor
Favrot	properNoun	swe	Favrot	properNoun	nor
Fawaz	properNoun	swe	Fawaz	properNoun	nor
Fayulu	properNoun	swe	Fayulu	properNoun	nor
Fearnley	properNoun	swe	Fearnley	properNoun	nor
Federer	properNoun	swe	Federer	properNoun	nor
Federica	properNoun	swe	Federica	properNoun	nor
Federico	properNoun	swe	Federico	properNoun	nor
Felder	properNoun	swe	Felder	properNoun	nor
Feng	properNoun	swe	Feng	properNoun	nor
Fernanda	properNoun	swe	Fernanda	properNoun	nor
Fernandez	properNoun	swe	Fernandez	properNoun	nor
Ferrante	properNoun	swe	Ferrante	properNoun	nor
Ferrari	properNoun	swe	Ferrari	properNoun	nor
Ferry	properNoun	swe	Ferry	properNoun	nor
Feuz	properNoun	swe	Feuz	properNoun	nor
Fhimah	properNoun	swe	Fhimah	properNoun	nor
Fife	properNoun	swe	Fife	properNoun	nor
File	properNoun	swe	File	properNoun	nor
First	properNoun	swe	First	properNoun	nor
Fjeld	properNoun	swe	Fjeld	properNoun	nor
Flake	properNoun	swe	Flake	properNoun	nor
Flatland	properNoun	swe	Flatland	properNoun	nor
Flemmen	properNoun	swe	Flemmen	properNoun	nor
Fleten	properNoun	swe	Fleten	properNoun	nor
Florian	properNoun	swe	Florian	properNoun	nor
Flugstad	properNoun	swe	Flugstad	properNoun	nor
Flynn	properNoun	swe	Flynn	properNoun	nor
Foden	properNoun	swe	Foden	properNoun	nor
Fokke	properNoun	swe	Fokke	properNoun	nor
Fore	properNoun	swe	Fore	properNoun	nor
Forehand	properNoun	swe	Forehand	properNoun	nor
Forgets	properNoun	swe	Forgets	properNoun	nor
Forn	properNoun	swe	Forn	properNoun	nor
Forrester	properNoun	swe	Forrester	properNoun	nor
Forsberg	properNoun	swe	Forsberg	properNoun	nor
Forsvarets	properNoun	swe	Forsvarets	properNoun	nor
Foss	properNoun	swe	Foss	properNoun	nor
Foster	properNoun	swe	Foster	properNoun	nor
Fourcade	properNoun	swe	Fourcade	properNoun	nor
Frances	properNoun	swe	Frances	properNoun	nor
Franck	properNoun	swe	Franck	properNoun	nor
Fransson	properNoun	swe	Fransson	properNoun	nor
Franzini	properNoun	swe	Franzini	properNoun	nor
Fredheim	properNoun	swe	Fredheim	properNoun	nor
Fredriksstad	properNoun	swe	Fredriksstad	properNoun	nor
Freeland	properNoun	swe	Freeland	properNoun	nor
French	properNoun	swe	French	properNoun	nor
Fretex	properNoun	swe	Fretex	properNoun	nor
Fretheim	properNoun	swe	Fretheim	properNoun	nor
Frick	properNoun	swe	Frick	properNoun	nor
Fridjonsson	properNoun	swe	Fridjonsson	properNoun	nor
Frogner	properNoun	swe	Frogner	properNoun	nor
Fromager	properNoun	swe	Fromager	properNoun	nor
Frontline	properNoun	swe	Frontline	properNoun	nor
Froome	properNoun	swe	Froome	properNoun	nor
Frostenson	properNoun	swe	Frostenson	properNoun	nor
Frostrud	properNoun	swe	Frostrud	properNoun	nor
Fuat	properNoun	swe	Fuat	properNoun	nor
Fuller	properNoun	swe	Fuller	properNoun	nor
Furdal	properNoun	swe	Furdal	properNoun	nor
Fuxborg	properNoun	swe	Fuxborg	properNoun	nor
Gahne	properNoun	swe	Gahne	properNoun	nor
Galliano	properNoun	swe	Galliano	properNoun	nor
Gambrell	properNoun	swe	Gambrell	properNoun	nor
Gangneung	properNoun	swe	Gangneung	properNoun	nor
Ganus	properNoun	swe	Ganus	properNoun	nor
Gao	properNoun	swe	Gao	properNoun	nor
Gardner	properNoun	swe	Gardner	properNoun	nor
Gardot	properNoun	swe	Gardot	properNoun	nor
Garello	properNoun	swe	Garello	properNoun	nor
Gareth	properNoun	swe	Gareth	properNoun	nor
Gasienica	properNoun	swe	Gasienica	properNoun	nor
Gasser	properNoun	swe	Gasser	properNoun	nor
Gavin	properNoun	swe	Gavin	properNoun	nor
Geand	properNoun	swe	Geand	properNoun	nor
Geert	properNoun	swe	Geert	properNoun	nor
Gemunu	properNoun	swe	Gemunu	properNoun	nor
Genks	properNoun	swe	Genks	properNoun	nor
Georgieva	properNoun	swe	Georgieva	properNoun	nor
Geraint	properNoun	swe	Geraint	properNoun	nor
Gergaud	properNoun	swe	Gergaud	properNoun	nor
Gerrish	properNoun	swe	Gerrish	properNoun	nor
Gevelt	properNoun	swe	Gevelt	properNoun	nor
Ghafoor	properNoun	swe	Ghafoor	properNoun	nor
Ghafor	properNoun	swe	Ghafor	properNoun	nor
Ghani	properNoun	swe	Ghani	properNoun	nor
Ghile	properNoun	swe	Ghile	properNoun	nor
Ghosn	properNoun	swe	Ghosn	properNoun	nor
Gian	properNoun	swe	Gian	properNoun	nor
Giggs	properNoun	swe	Giggs	properNoun	nor
Gihle	properNoun	swe	Gihle	properNoun	nor
Giil	properNoun	swe	Giil	properNoun	nor
Gille	properNoun	swe	Gille	properNoun	nor
Gino	properNoun	swe	Gino	properNoun	nor
Giroud	properNoun	swe	Giroud	properNoun	nor
Gisin	properNoun	swe	Gisin	properNoun	nor
Giske	properNoun	swe	Giske	properNoun	nor
Gitmark	properNoun	swe	Gitmark	properNoun	nor
Gjeldnes	properNoun	swe	Gjeldnes	properNoun	nor
Gjelten	properNoun	swe	Gjelten	properNoun	nor
Gjerdalen	properNoun	swe	Gjerdalen	properNoun	nor
Gjesdal	properNoun	swe	Gjesdal	properNoun	nor
Glad	properNoun	swe	Glad	properNoun	nor
Global	properNoun	swe	Global	properNoun	nor
Glover	properNoun	swe	Glover	properNoun	nor
Godlien	properNoun	swe	Godlien	properNoun	nor
Gold	properNoun	swe	Gold	properNoun	nor
Golovkin	properNoun	swe	Golovkin	properNoun	nor
Gomes	properNoun	swe	Gomes	properNoun	nor
Gomez	properNoun	swe	Gomez	properNoun	nor
Gonen	properNoun	swe	Gonen	properNoun	nor
Goodluck	properNoun	swe	Goodluck	properNoun	nor
Goodman	properNoun	swe	Goodman	properNoun	nor
Gorbatsjov	properNoun	swe	Gorbatsjov	properNoun	nor
Gottlieb	properNoun	swe	Gottlieb	properNoun	nor
Gove	properNoun	swe	Gove	properNoun	nor
Gow	properNoun	swe	Gow	properNoun	nor
Granlund	properNoun	swe	Granlund	properNoun	nor
Grant	properNoun	swe	Grant	properNoun	nor
Gray	properNoun	swe	Gray	properNoun	nor
Greef	properNoun	swe	Greef	properNoun	nor
Greftegreff	properNoun	swe	Greftegreff	properNoun	nor
Greg	properNoun	swe	Greg	properNoun	nor
Gregory	properNoun	swe	Gregory	properNoun	nor
Griffith	properNoun	swe	Griffith	properNoun	nor
Grigol	properNoun	swe	Grigol	properNoun	nor
Grimsrud	properNoun	swe	Grimsrud	properNoun	nor
Grits	properNoun	swe	Grits	properNoun	nor
Griveaux	properNoun	swe	Griveaux	properNoun	nor
Groos	properNoun	swe	Groos	properNoun	nor
Grootberg	properNoun	swe	Grootberg	properNoun	nor
Group	properNoun	swe	Group	properNoun	nor
Groupama	properNoun	swe	Groupama	properNoun	nor
Grover	properNoun	swe	Grover	properNoun	nor
Guan	properNoun	swe	Guan	properNoun	nor
Guardiola	properNoun	swe	Guardiola	properNoun	nor
Gueye	properNoun	swe	Gueye	properNoun	nor
Guido	properNoun	swe	Guido	properNoun	nor
Guigonnat	properNoun	swe	Guigonnat	properNoun	nor
Guilherme	properNoun	swe	Guilherme	properNoun	nor
Guiterrez	properNoun	swe	Guiterrez	properNoun	nor
Gul	properNoun	swe	Gul	properNoun	nor
Gulati	properNoun	swe	Gulati	properNoun	nor
Guldvog	properNoun	swe	Guldvog	properNoun	nor
Gullerud	properNoun	swe	Gullerud	properNoun	nor
Gulliver	properNoun	swe	Gulliver	properNoun	nor
Guo	properNoun	swe	Guo	properNoun	nor
Guse	properNoun	swe	Guse	properNoun	nor
Gustafson	properNoun	swe	Gustafson	properNoun	nor
Gustavo	properNoun	swe	Gustavo	properNoun	nor
Guterres	properNoun	swe	Guterres	properNoun	nor
Gaasland	properNoun	swe	Gaasland	properNoun	nor
Habali	properNoun	swe	Habali	properNoun	nor
Habamungu	properNoun	swe	Habamungu	properNoun	nor
Habib	properNoun	swe	Habib	properNoun	nor
Hadi	properNoun	swe	Hadi	properNoun	nor
Hadia	properNoun	swe	Hadia	properNoun	nor
Haga	properNoun	swe	Haga	properNoun	nor
Hahn	properNoun	swe	Hahn	properNoun	nor
Haig	properNoun	swe	Haig	properNoun	nor
Hakparn	properNoun	swe	Hakparn	properNoun	nor
Haley	properNoun	swe	Haley	properNoun	nor
Halfvarsson	properNoun	swe	Halfvarsson	properNoun	nor
Hallgrimsson	properNoun	swe	Hallgrimsson	properNoun	nor
Hallmark	properNoun	swe	Hallmark	properNoun	nor
Hamad	properNoun	swe	Hamad	properNoun	nor
Hamar	properNoun	swe	Hamar	properNoun	nor
Hamra	properNoun	swe	Hamra	properNoun	nor
Han	properNoun	swe	Han	properNoun	nor
Hanasand	properNoun	swe	Hanasand	properNoun	nor
Hang	properNoun	swe	Hang	properNoun	nor
Hani	properNoun	swe	Hani	properNoun	nor
Hannawald	properNoun	swe	Hannawald	properNoun	nor
Hansa	properNoun	swe	Hansa	properNoun	nor
Hansmark	properNoun	swe	Hansmark	properNoun	nor
Happiness	properNoun	swe	Happiness	properNoun	nor
Haq	properNoun	swe	Haq	properNoun	nor
Harbitz	properNoun	swe	Harbitz	properNoun	nor
Hard	properNoun	swe	Hard	properNoun	nor
Harlaut	properNoun	swe	Harlaut	properNoun	nor
Harriett	properNoun	swe	Harriett	properNoun	nor
Harsem	properNoun	swe	Harsem	properNoun	nor
Hashim	properNoun	swe	Hashim	properNoun	nor
Hasseldal	properNoun	swe	Hasseldal	properNoun	nor
Hatlo	properNoun	swe	Hatlo	properNoun	nor
Hauer	properNoun	swe	Hauer	properNoun	nor
Hauglie	properNoun	swe	Hauglie	properNoun	nor
Haugnes	properNoun	swe	Haugnes	properNoun	nor
Hayat	properNoun	swe	Hayat	properNoun	nor
Hayden	properNoun	swe	Hayden	properNoun	nor
Hayes	properNoun	swe	Hayes	properNoun	nor
He	properNoun	swe	He	properNoun	nor
Heather	properNoun	swe	Heather	properNoun	nor
Hegdahl	properNoun	swe	Hegdahl	properNoun	nor
Hegerberg	properNoun	swe	Hegerberg	properNoun	nor
Heggelund	properNoun	swe	Heggelund	properNoun	nor
Heggestad	properNoun	swe	Heggestad	properNoun	nor
Hegh	properNoun	swe	Hegh	properNoun	nor
Hegle	properNoun	swe	Hegle	properNoun	nor
Heia	properNoun	swe	Heia	properNoun	nor
Heider	properNoun	swe	Heider	properNoun	nor
Heie	properNoun	swe	Heie	properNoun	nor
Heiko	properNoun	swe	Heiko	properNoun	nor
Heimdal	properNoun	swe	Heimdal	properNoun	nor
Heimir	properNoun	swe	Heimir	properNoun	nor
Heitz	properNoun	swe	Heitz	properNoun	nor
Hele	properNoun	swe	Hele	properNoun	nor
Helgeland	properNoun	swe	Helgeland	properNoun	nor
Hellesnes	properNoun	swe	Hellesnes	properNoun	nor
Hellesund	properNoun	swe	Hellesund	properNoun	nor
Hellqvist	properNoun	swe	Hellqvist	properNoun	nor
Hem	properNoun	swe	Hem	properNoun	nor
Hemat	properNoun	swe	Hemat	properNoun	nor
Henao	properNoun	swe	Henao	properNoun	nor
Heppell	properNoun	swe	Heppell	properNoun	nor
Hergeirsson	properNoun	swe	Hergeirsson	properNoun	nor
Herland	properNoun	swe	Herland	properNoun	nor
Hermosa	properNoun	swe	Hermosa	properNoun	nor
Herner	properNoun	swe	Herner	properNoun	nor
Herve	properNoun	swe	Herve	properNoun	nor
Hestnes	properNoun	swe	Hestnes	properNoun	nor
Hetland	properNoun	swe	Hetland	properNoun	nor
Hewitt	properNoun	swe	Hewitt	properNoun	nor
Heyda	properNoun	swe	Heyda	properNoun	nor
Highmore	properNoun	swe	Highmore	properNoun	nor
Hikaru	properNoun	swe	Hikaru	properNoun	nor
Hildershavn	properNoun	swe	Hildershavn	properNoun	nor
Hill	properNoun	swe	Hill	properNoun	nor
Hillby	properNoun	swe	Hillby	properNoun	nor
Hillman	properNoun	swe	Hillman	properNoun	nor
Hiltermann	properNoun	swe	Hiltermann	properNoun	nor
Himanshu	properNoun	swe	Himanshu	properNoun	nor
Hindoyan	properNoun	swe	Hindoyan	properNoun	nor
Hindsbo	properNoun	swe	Hindsbo	properNoun	nor
Hiroki	properNoun	swe	Hiroki	properNoun	nor
Hiroto	properNoun	swe	Hiroto	properNoun	nor
Hirscher	properNoun	swe	Hirscher	properNoun	nor
Hjaj	properNoun	swe	Hjaj	properNoun	nor
Hjelle	properNoun	swe	Hjelle	properNoun	nor
Hjelmerud	properNoun	swe	Hjelmerud	properNoun	nor
Hjeltefjord	properNoun	swe	Hjeltefjord	properNoun	nor
Hjemdal	properNoun	swe	Hjemdal	properNoun	nor
Hjulmand	properNoun	swe	Hjulmand	properNoun	nor
Hobber	properNoun	swe	Hobber	properNoun	nor
Hochkar	properNoun	swe	Hochkar	properNoun	nor
Hodeib	properNoun	swe	Hodeib	properNoun	nor
Hodkinson	properNoun	swe	Hodkinson	properNoun	nor
Hofland	properNoun	swe	Hofland	properNoun	nor
Hofstad	properNoun	swe	Hofstad	properNoun	nor
Hoft	properNoun	swe	Hoft	properNoun	nor
Holmbert	properNoun	swe	Holmbert	properNoun	nor
Holmeset	properNoun	swe	Holmeset	properNoun	nor
Holstad	properNoun	swe	Holstad	properNoun	nor
Holstein	properNoun	swe	Holstein	properNoun	nor
Holthe	properNoun	swe	Holthe	properNoun	nor
Holund	properNoun	swe	Holund	properNoun	nor
Homble	properNoun	swe	Homble	properNoun	nor
Honea	properNoun	swe	Honea	properNoun	nor
Hongwei	properNoun	swe	Hongwei	properNoun	nor
Honjo	properNoun	swe	Honjo	properNoun	nor
Hontiveros	properNoun	swe	Hontiveros	properNoun	nor
Hopper	properNoun	swe	Hopper	properNoun	nor
Hordnes	properNoun	swe	Hordnes	properNoun	nor
Horneland	properNoun	swe	Horneland	properNoun	nor
Hoshiko	properNoun	swe	Hoshiko	properNoun	nor
Hossu	properNoun	swe	Hossu	properNoun	nor
Hotel	properNoun	swe	Hotel	properNoun	nor
Houghton	properNoun	swe	Houghton	properNoun	nor
Houlin	properNoun	swe	Houlin	properNoun	nor
Houthi	properNoun	swe	Houthi	properNoun	nor
Hovland	properNoun	swe	Hovland	properNoun	nor
Hua	properNoun	swe	Hua	properNoun	nor
Hudson	properNoun	swe	Hudson	properNoun	nor
Hughes	properNoun	swe	Hughes	properNoun	nor
Hultqvist	properNoun	swe	Hultqvist	properNoun	nor
Humala	properNoun	swe	Humala	properNoun	nor
Humberstone	properNoun	swe	Humberstone	properNoun	nor
Humlen	properNoun	swe	Humlen	properNoun	nor
Hunt	properNoun	swe	Hunt	properNoun	nor
Hurum	properNoun	swe	Hurum	properNoun	nor
Hushovd	properNoun	swe	Hushovd	properNoun	nor
Hussaini	properNoun	swe	Hussaini	properNoun	nor
Hussen	properNoun	swe	Hussen	properNoun	nor
Hustvedts	properNoun	swe	Hustvedts	properNoun	nor
Hvarnes	properNoun	swe	Hvarnes	properNoun	nor
Hvas	properNoun	swe	Hvas	properNoun	nor
Hvaal	properNoun	swe	Hvaal	properNoun	nor
Haaland	properNoun	swe	Haaland	properNoun	nor
Haaning	properNoun	swe	Haaning	properNoun	nor
Haas	properNoun	swe	Haas	properNoun	nor
Haavardsdatter	properNoun	swe	Haavardsdatter	properNoun	nor
Iain	properNoun	swe	Iain	properNoun	nor
Ib	properNoun	swe	Ib	properNoun	nor
Ibrahima	properNoun	swe	Ibrahima	properNoun	nor
Ibrahimi	properNoun	swe	Ibrahimi	properNoun	nor
Ibrahimovic	properNoun	swe	Ibrahimovic	properNoun	nor
Ice	properNoun	swe	Ice	properNoun	nor
Idlib	properNoun	swe	Idlib	properNoun	nor
Ihor	properNoun	swe	Ihor	properNoun	nor
Ilicic	properNoun	swe	Ilicic	properNoun	nor
Ilka	properNoun	swe	Ilka	properNoun	nor
Impact	properNoun	swe	Impact	properNoun	nor
Imparato	properNoun	swe	Imparato	properNoun	nor
Inacio	properNoun	swe	Inacio	properNoun	nor
Indreiten	properNoun	swe	Indreiten	properNoun	nor
Indris	properNoun	swe	Indris	properNoun	nor
Infantino	properNoun	swe	Infantino	properNoun	nor
Ing	properNoun	swe	Ing	properNoun	nor
Ingalls	properNoun	swe	Ingalls	properNoun	nor
Ingemarsdotter	properNoun	swe	Ingemarsdotter	properNoun	nor
Inman	properNoun	swe	Inman	properNoun	nor
Innerhofer	properNoun	swe	Innerhofer	properNoun	nor
Instefjord	properNoun	swe	Instefjord	properNoun	nor
Iram	properNoun	swe	Iram	properNoun	nor
Iraschko	properNoun	swe	Iraschko	properNoun	nor
Ireland	properNoun	swe	Ireland	properNoun	nor
Islam	properNoun	swe	Islam	properNoun	nor
Island	properNoun	swe	Island	properNoun	nor
Isnes	properNoun	swe	Isnes	properNoun	nor
Ito	properNoun	swe	Ito	properNoun	nor
Iuel	properNoun	swe	Iuel	properNoun	nor
Ivanka	properNoun	swe	Ivanka	properNoun	nor
Ivo	properNoun	swe	Ivo	properNoun	nor
Iwaya	properNoun	swe	Iwaya	properNoun	nor
Jabhar	properNoun	swe	Jabhar	properNoun	nor
Jacek	properNoun	swe	Jacek	properNoun	nor
Jacquelyn	properNoun	swe	Jacquelyn	properNoun	nor
Jae	properNoun	swe	Jae	properNoun	nor
Jafarzadeh	properNoun	swe	Jafarzadeh	properNoun	nor
Jagger	properNoun	swe	Jagger	properNoun	nor
Jake	properNoun	swe	Jake	properNoun	nor
Jamali	properNoun	swe	Jamali	properNoun	nor
Jamina	properNoun	swe	Jamina	properNoun	nor
Jamaat	properNoun	swe	Jamaat	properNoun	nor
Janerik	properNoun	swe	Janerik	properNoun	nor
Jansrud	properNoun	swe	Jansrud	properNoun	nor
Janukovitsj	properNoun	swe	Janukovitsj	properNoun	nor
Japan	properNoun	swe	Japan	properNoun	nor
Jaremtsjuk	properNoun	swe	Jaremtsjuk	properNoun	nor
Jasmin	properNoun	swe	Jasmin	properNoun	nor
Jasmina	properNoun	swe	Jasmina	properNoun	nor
Jasser	properNoun	swe	Jasser	properNoun	nor
Javid	properNoun	swe	Javid	properNoun	nor
Jaweed	properNoun	swe	Jaweed	properNoun	nor
Jay	properNoun	swe	Jay	properNoun	nor
Jayawardena	properNoun	swe	Jayawardena	properNoun	nor
Jeep	properNoun	swe	Jeep	properNoun	nor
Jeffrey	properNoun	swe	Jeffrey	properNoun	nor
Jekaterina	properNoun	swe	Jekaterina	properNoun	nor
Jelsnes	properNoun	swe	Jelsnes	properNoun	nor
Jemen	properNoun	swe	Jemen	properNoun	nor
Jemtland	properNoun	swe	Jemtland	properNoun	nor
Jen	properNoun	swe	Jen	properNoun	nor
Jernade	properNoun	swe	Jernade	properNoun	nor
Jerome	properNoun	swe	Jerome	properNoun	nor
Jess	properNoun	swe	Jess	properNoun	nor
Jesso	properNoun	swe	Jesso	properNoun	nor
Jiankui	properNoun	swe	Jiankui	properNoun	nor
Jinping	properNoun	swe	Jinping	properNoun	nor
Joaquim	properNoun	swe	Joaquim	properNoun	nor
Joelsdottir	properNoun	swe	Joelsdottir	properNoun	nor
Joensson	properNoun	swe	Joensson	properNoun	nor
Johaug	properNoun	swe	Johaug	properNoun	nor
Johnsrud	properNoun	swe	Johnsrud	properNoun	nor
Jokic	properNoun	swe	Jokic	properNoun	nor
Jokics	properNoun	swe	Jokics	properNoun	nor
Jong	properNoun	swe	Jong	properNoun	nor
Jong-Un	properNoun	swe	Jong-Un	properNoun	nor
Joost	properNoun	swe	Joost	properNoun	nor
Joran	properNoun	swe	Joran	properNoun	nor
Jordheim	properNoun	swe	Jordheim	properNoun	nor
Jordi	properNoun	swe	Jordi	properNoun	nor
Josep	properNoun	swe	Josep	properNoun	nor
Joshua	properNoun	swe	Joshua	properNoun	nor
Jost	properNoun	swe	Jost	properNoun	nor
Juerg	properNoun	swe	Juerg	properNoun	nor
Juncker	properNoun	swe	Juncker	properNoun	nor
Junge	properNoun	swe	Junge	properNoun	nor
Jupiter	properNoun	swe	Jupiter	properNoun	nor
Jurlova	properNoun	swe	Jurlova	properNoun	nor
Justin	properNoun	swe	Justin	properNoun	nor
Kabamba	properNoun	swe	Kabamba	properNoun	nor
Kabila	properNoun	swe	Kabila	properNoun	nor
Kaboyi	properNoun	swe	Kaboyi	properNoun	nor
Kagawa	properNoun	swe	Kagawa	properNoun	nor
Kaixuan	properNoun	swe	Kaixuan	properNoun	nor
Kalbakk	properNoun	swe	Kalbakk	properNoun	nor
Kaldheim	properNoun	swe	Kaldheim	properNoun	nor
Kalia	properNoun	swe	Kalia	properNoun	nor
Kalin	properNoun	swe	Kalin	properNoun	nor
Kalkenberg	properNoun	swe	Kalkenberg	properNoun	nor
Kallbekken	properNoun	swe	Kallbekken	properNoun	nor
Kallon	properNoun	swe	Kallon	properNoun	nor
Kamari	properNoun	swe	Kamari	properNoun	nor
Kampl	properNoun	swe	Kampl	properNoun	nor
Kamran	properNoun	swe	Kamran	properNoun	nor
Kanayama	properNoun	swe	Kanayama	properNoun	nor
Kanem	properNoun	swe	Kanem	properNoun	nor
Kang	properNoun	swe	Kang	properNoun	nor
Karjakin	properNoun	swe	Karjakin	properNoun	nor
Karman	properNoun	swe	Karman	properNoun	nor
Karmenu	properNoun	swe	Karmenu	properNoun	nor
Kashima	properNoun	swe	Kashima	properNoun	nor
Kaster	properNoun	swe	Kaster	properNoun	nor
Katersky	properNoun	swe	Katersky	properNoun	nor
Keane	properNoun	swe	Keane	properNoun	nor
Keeper	properNoun	swe	Keeper	properNoun	nor
Keilen	properNoun	swe	Keilen	properNoun	nor
Keld	properNoun	swe	Keld	properNoun	nor
Kemal	properNoun	swe	Kemal	properNoun	nor
Kepler	properNoun	swe	Kepler	properNoun	nor
Keplicz	properNoun	swe	Keplicz	properNoun	nor
Kerr	properNoun	swe	Kerr	properNoun	nor
Kerton	properNoun	swe	Kerton	properNoun	nor
Keshvari	properNoun	swe	Keshvari	properNoun	nor
Khadarin	properNoun	swe	Khadarin	properNoun	nor
Khaki	properNoun	swe	Khaki	properNoun	nor
Khaleque	properNoun	swe	Khaleque	properNoun	nor
Khalifa	properNoun	swe	Khalifa	properNoun	nor
Khalil	properNoun	swe	Khalil	properNoun	nor
Khalilzad	properNoun	swe	Khalilzad	properNoun	nor
Khashoggi	properNoun	swe	Khashoggi	properNoun	nor
Khieu	properNoun	swe	Khieu	properNoun	nor
Khmer	properNoun	swe	Khmer	properNoun	nor
Khyber	properNoun	swe	Khyber	properNoun	nor
Kia	properNoun	swe	Kia	properNoun	nor
Kian	properNoun	swe	Kian	properNoun	nor
Kickl	properNoun	swe	Kickl	properNoun	nor
Kiel	properNoun	swe	Kiel	properNoun	nor
Kildeborg	properNoun	swe	Kildeborg	properNoun	nor
Kildetapte	properNoun	swe	Kildetapte	properNoun	nor
Kin	properNoun	swe	Kin	properNoun	nor
Kinam	properNoun	swe	Kinam	properNoun	nor
Kindberg	properNoun	swe	Kindberg	properNoun	nor
Kipchoge	properNoun	swe	Kipchoge	properNoun	nor
Kipruto	properNoun	swe	Kipruto	properNoun	nor
Kirkwood	properNoun	swe	Kirkwood	properNoun	nor
Kirolos	properNoun	swe	Kirolos	properNoun	nor
Kirstjen	properNoun	swe	Kirstjen	properNoun	nor
Kirsty	properNoun	swe	Kirsty	properNoun	nor
Kise	properNoun	swe	Kise	properNoun	nor
Kiska	properNoun	swe	Kiska	properNoun	nor
Kjer	properNoun	swe	Kjer	properNoun	nor
Kjerkol	properNoun	swe	Kjerkol	properNoun	nor
Klaveness	properNoun	swe	Klaveness	properNoun	nor
Kleivdal	properNoun	swe	Kleivdal	properNoun	nor
Klemen	properNoun	swe	Klemen	properNoun	nor
Kleveland	properNoun	swe	Kleveland	properNoun	nor
Kleven	properNoun	swe	Kleven	properNoun	nor
Klineman	properNoun	swe	Klineman	properNoun	nor
Kmiecik	properNoun	swe	Kmiecik	properNoun	nor
Kneissl	properNoun	swe	Kneissl	properNoun	nor
Kneskadd	properNoun	swe	Kneskadd	properNoun	nor
Knyckare	properNoun	swe	Knyckare	properNoun	nor
Kobayashi	properNoun	swe	Kobayashi	properNoun	nor
Kobi	properNoun	swe	Kobi	properNoun	nor
Koh	properNoun	swe	Koh	properNoun	nor
Kohn	properNoun	swe	Kohn	properNoun	nor
Koji	properNoun	swe	Koji	properNoun	nor
Kok	properNoun	swe	Kok	properNoun	nor
Kolberg	properNoun	swe	Kolberg	properNoun	nor
Kollerud	properNoun	swe	Kollerud	properNoun	nor
Kolvidsson	properNoun	swe	Kolvidsson	properNoun	nor
Komadougou	properNoun	swe	Komadougou	properNoun	nor
Kononenko	properNoun	swe	Kononenko	properNoun	nor
Korobov	properNoun	swe	Korobov	properNoun	nor
Kory	properNoun	swe	Kory	properNoun	nor
Kosatsjev	properNoun	swe	Kosatsjev	properNoun	nor
Kosi	properNoun	swe	Kosi	properNoun	nor
Kosnett	properNoun	swe	Kosnett	properNoun	nor
Koteng	properNoun	swe	Koteng	properNoun	nor
Kouachi	properNoun	swe	Kouachi	properNoun	nor
Krakatoa	properNoun	swe	Krakatoa	properNoun	nor
Kramp	properNoun	swe	Kramp	properNoun	nor
Krange	properNoun	swe	Krange	properNoun	nor
Krangnes	properNoun	swe	Krangnes	properNoun	nor
Kraus	properNoun	swe	Kraus	properNoun	nor
Kreider	properNoun	swe	Kreider	properNoun	nor
Krekar	properNoun	swe	Krekar	properNoun	nor
Kriechmayr	properNoun	swe	Kriechmayr	properNoun	nor
Krikkrai	properNoun	swe	Krikkrai	properNoun	nor
Kristalina	properNoun	swe	Kristalina	properNoun	nor
Kristenn	properNoun	swe	Kristenn	properNoun	nor
Kristersson	properNoun	swe	Kristersson	properNoun	nor
Kristvang	properNoun	swe	Kristvang	properNoun	nor
Krokan	properNoun	swe	Krokan	properNoun	nor
Kronberg	properNoun	swe	Kronberg	properNoun	nor
Krueger	properNoun	swe	Krueger	properNoun	nor
Krumbholz	properNoun	swe	Krumbholz	properNoun	nor
Krusjelnitskij	properNoun	swe	Krusjelnitskij	properNoun	nor
Krzaczynski	properNoun	swe	Krzaczynski	properNoun	nor
Kubacki	properNoun	swe	Kubacki	properNoun	nor
Kuczynski	properNoun	swe	Kuczynski	properNoun	nor
Kudacki	properNoun	swe	Kudacki	properNoun	nor
Kuenssberg	properNoun	swe	Kuenssberg	properNoun	nor
Kuiwen	properNoun	swe	Kuiwen	properNoun	nor
Kukimoto	properNoun	swe	Kukimoto	properNoun	nor
Kurtic	properNoun	swe	Kurtic	properNoun	nor
Kurtovic	properNoun	swe	Kurtovic	properNoun	nor
Kurz	properNoun	swe	Kurz	properNoun	nor
Kushner	properNoun	swe	Kushner	properNoun	nor
Kusmanto	properNoun	swe	Kusmanto	properNoun	nor
Kvarstad	properNoun	swe	Kvarstad	properNoun	nor
Kvarud	properNoun	swe	Kvarud	properNoun	nor
Kvinnsland	properNoun	swe	Kvinnsland	properNoun	nor
Kvisle	properNoun	swe	Kvisle	properNoun	nor
Kvisvik	properNoun	swe	Kvisvik	properNoun	nor
Kwiatkowski	properNoun	swe	Kwiatkowski	properNoun	nor
Kyaw	properNoun	swe	Kyaw	properNoun	nor
Kaada	properNoun	swe	Kaada	properNoun	nor
Lagarde	properNoun	swe	Lagarde	properNoun	nor
Lageson	properNoun	swe	Lageson	properNoun	nor
Lajcak	properNoun	swe	Lajcak	properNoun	nor
Lakshman	properNoun	swe	Lakshman	properNoun	nor
Lalit	properNoun	swe	Lalit	properNoun	nor
Lamine	properNoun	swe	Lamine	properNoun	nor
Lamm	properNoun	swe	Lamm	properNoun	nor
Lan	properNoun	swe	Lan	properNoun	nor
Langeland	properNoun	swe	Langeland	properNoun	nor
Langfjord	properNoun	swe	Langfjord	properNoun	nor
Lantz	properNoun	swe	Lantz	properNoun	nor
Laporte	properNoun	swe	Laporte	properNoun	nor
Lappegard	properNoun	swe	Lappegard	properNoun	nor
Lasker	properNoun	swe	Lasker	properNoun	nor
Latif	properNoun	swe	Latif	properNoun	nor
Lauber	properNoun	swe	Lauber	properNoun	nor
Laurent	properNoun	swe	Laurent	properNoun	nor
Lauretta	properNoun	swe	Lauretta	properNoun	nor
Lavik	properNoun	swe	Lavik	properNoun	nor
Lavrov	properNoun	swe	Lavrov	properNoun	nor
Lawson	properNoun	swe	Lawson	properNoun	nor
Lazarenko	properNoun	swe	Lazarenko	properNoun	nor
Le	properNoun	swe	Le	properNoun	nor
Leaf	properNoun	swe	Leaf	properNoun	nor
Lech	properNoun	swe	Lech	properNoun	nor
Lefteris	properNoun	swe	Lefteris	properNoun	nor
Leighton	properNoun	swe	Leighton	properNoun	nor
Leiro	properNoun	swe	Leiro	properNoun	nor
Lennihan	properNoun	swe	Lennihan	properNoun	nor
Leppens	properNoun	swe	Leppens	properNoun	nor
Leroy	properNoun	swe	Leroy	properNoun	nor
Lesovoj	properNoun	swe	Lesovoj	properNoun	nor
Levon	properNoun	swe	Levon	properNoun	nor
Levy	properNoun	swe	Levy	properNoun	nor
Lia	properNoun	swe	Lia	properNoun	nor
Liam	properNoun	swe	Liam	properNoun	nor
Lias	properNoun	swe	Lias	properNoun	nor
Libe	properNoun	swe	Libe	properNoun	nor
Lieberman	properNoun	swe	Lieberman	properNoun	nor
Liegl	properNoun	swe	Liegl	properNoun	nor
Lighthizer	properNoun	swe	Lighthizer	properNoun	nor
Lightning	properNoun	swe	Lightning	properNoun	nor
Lillegraven	properNoun	swe	Lillegraven	properNoun	nor
Limi	properNoun	swe	Limi	properNoun	nor
Lindberg	properNoun	swe	Lindberg	properNoun	nor
Lindsey	properNoun	swe	Lindsey	properNoun	nor
Ling	properNoun	swe	Ling	properNoun	nor
Lingard	properNoun	swe	Lingard	properNoun	nor
Lionel	properNoun	swe	Lionel	properNoun	nor
Lipinski	properNoun	swe	Lipinski	properNoun	nor
Lippestad	properNoun	swe	Lippestad	properNoun	nor
Listhaug	properNoun	swe	Listhaug	properNoun	nor
Little	properNoun	swe	Little	properNoun	nor
Liuigi	properNoun	swe	Liuigi	properNoun	nor
Livik	properNoun	swe	Livik	properNoun	nor
Locher	properNoun	swe	Locher	properNoun	nor
Lodge	properNoun	swe	Lodge	properNoun	nor
Loeb	properNoun	swe	Loeb	properNoun	nor
Loginov	properNoun	swe	Loginov	properNoun	nor
Lohscheller	properNoun	swe	Lohscheller	properNoun	nor
Loiseau	properNoun	swe	Loiseau	properNoun	nor
Lomelde	properNoun	swe	Lomelde	properNoun	nor
Long	properNoun	swe	Long	properNoun	nor
Lopez	properNoun	swe	Lopez	properNoun	nor
Lora	properNoun	swe	Lora	properNoun	nor
Lossius	properNoun	swe	Lossius	properNoun	nor
Lothe	properNoun	swe	Lothe	properNoun	nor
Lotito	properNoun	swe	Lotito	properNoun	nor
Louisa	properNoun	swe	Louisa	properNoun	nor
Lovetskij	properNoun	swe	Lovetskij	properNoun	nor
Lovetsky	properNoun	swe	Lovetsky	properNoun	nor
Lowcock	properNoun	swe	Lowcock	properNoun	nor
Lu	properNoun	swe	Lu	properNoun	nor
Luc	properNoun	swe	Luc	properNoun	nor
Luca	properNoun	swe	Luca	properNoun	nor
Lucien	properNoun	swe	Lucien	properNoun	nor
Luisa	properNoun	swe	Luisa	properNoun	nor
Luitz	properNoun	swe	Luitz	properNoun	nor
Luiz	properNoun	swe	Luiz	properNoun	nor
Lukaku	properNoun	swe	Lukaku	properNoun	nor
Lukatsky	properNoun	swe	Lukatsky	properNoun	nor
Lundahl	properNoun	swe	Lundahl	properNoun	nor
Lundeby	properNoun	swe	Lundeby	properNoun	nor
Lundmark	properNoun	swe	Lundmark	properNoun	nor
Lyrek	properNoun	swe	Lyrek	properNoun	nor
Lysaker	properNoun	swe	Lysaker	properNoun	nor
Lysbakken	properNoun	swe	Lysbakken	properNoun	nor
Lysdahl	properNoun	swe	Lysdahl	properNoun	nor
Maclej	properNoun	swe	Maclej	properNoun	nor
Macri	properNoun	swe	Macri	properNoun	nor
Macron	properNoun	swe	Macron	properNoun	nor
Magelssen	properNoun	swe	Magelssen	properNoun	nor
Magnitz	properNoun	swe	Magnitz	properNoun	nor
Magritte	properNoun	swe	Magritte	properNoun	nor
Maha	properNoun	swe	Maha	properNoun	nor
Mahad	properNoun	swe	Mahad	properNoun	nor
Maher	properNoun	swe	Maher	properNoun	nor
Mahinda	properNoun	swe	Mahinda	properNoun	nor
Maialetti	properNoun	swe	Maialetti	properNoun	nor
Maidan	properNoun	swe	Maidan	properNoun	nor
Maimon	properNoun	swe	Maimon	properNoun	nor
Maio	properNoun	swe	Maio	properNoun	nor
Maithripala	properNoun	swe	Maithripala	properNoun	nor
Majroh	properNoun	swe	Majroh	properNoun	nor
Malek	properNoun	swe	Malek	properNoun	nor
Maloletka	properNoun	swe	Maloletka	properNoun	nor
Manafort	properNoun	swe	Manafort	properNoun	nor
Manan	properNoun	swe	Manan	properNoun	nor
Mani	properNoun	swe	Mani	properNoun	nor
Manish	properNoun	swe	Manish	properNoun	nor
Manning	properNoun	swe	Manning	properNoun	nor
Manokwari	properNoun	swe	Manokwari	properNoun	nor
Mansour	properNoun	swe	Mansour	properNoun	nor
Mapangou	properNoun	swe	Mapangou	properNoun	nor
Marcio	properNoun	swe	Marcio	properNoun	nor
Margaritis	properNoun	swe	Margaritis	properNoun	nor
Marijan	properNoun	swe	Marijan	properNoun	nor
Marika	properNoun	swe	Marika	properNoun	nor
Marine	properNoun	swe	Marine	properNoun	nor
Marquardt	properNoun	swe	Marquardt	properNoun	nor
Martial	properNoun	swe	Martial	properNoun	nor
Martinez	properNoun	swe	Martinez	properNoun	nor
Maryna	properNoun	swe	Maryna	properNoun	nor
Mass	properNoun	swe	Mass	properNoun	nor
Massimo	properNoun	swe	Massimo	properNoun	nor
Matavz	properNoun	swe	Matavz	properNoun	nor
Mateu	properNoun	swe	Mateu	properNoun	nor
Mateusz	properNoun	swe	Mateusz	properNoun	nor
Mathieu	properNoun	swe	Mathieu	properNoun	nor
Matteo	properNoun	swe	Matteo	properNoun	nor
Matthys	properNoun	swe	Matthys	properNoun	nor
Mauricio	properNoun	swe	Mauricio	properNoun	nor
Maurizio	properNoun	swe	Maurizio	properNoun	nor
Maurud	properNoun	swe	Maurud	properNoun	nor
Maxim	properNoun	swe	Maxim	properNoun	nor
Maxime	properNoun	swe	Maxime	properNoun	nor
Mayer	properNoun	swe	Mayer	properNoun	nor
Mayo	properNoun	swe	Mayo	properNoun	nor
Mazari	properNoun	swe	Mazari	properNoun	nor
Mazyar	properNoun	swe	Mazyar	properNoun	nor
Meade	properNoun	swe	Meade	properNoun	nor
Meadows	properNoun	swe	Meadows	properNoun	nor
Mebius	properNoun	swe	Mebius	properNoun	nor
Medhus	properNoun	swe	Medhus	properNoun	nor
Meehan	properNoun	swe	Meehan	properNoun	nor
Mees	properNoun	swe	Mees	properNoun	nor
Mehnert	properNoun	swe	Mehnert	properNoun	nor
Mehreen	properNoun	swe	Mehreen	properNoun	nor
Meirik	properNoun	swe	Meirik	properNoun	nor
Meise	properNoun	swe	Meise	properNoun	nor
Meissner	properNoun	swe	Meissner	properNoun	nor
Mejlbo	properNoun	swe	Mejlbo	properNoun	nor
Melania	properNoun	swe	Melania	properNoun	nor
Melbourne	properNoun	swe	Melbourne	properNoun	nor
Melby	properNoun	swe	Melby	properNoun	nor
Melbyer	properNoun	swe	Melbyer	properNoun	nor
Meling	properNoun	swe	Meling	properNoun	nor
Mellemseter	properNoun	swe	Mellemseter	properNoun	nor
Mello	properNoun	swe	Mello	properNoun	nor
Melody	properNoun	swe	Melody	properNoun	nor
Mendonca	properNoun	swe	Mendonca	properNoun	nor
Meng	properNoun	swe	Meng	properNoun	nor
Menon	properNoun	swe	Menon	properNoun	nor
Mercury	properNoun	swe	Mercury	properNoun	nor
Merkel	properNoun	swe	Merkel	properNoun	nor
Merz	properNoun	swe	Merz	properNoun	nor
Mesfin	properNoun	swe	Mesfin	properNoun	nor
Messi	properNoun	swe	Messi	properNoun	nor
Mesto	properNoun	swe	Mesto	properNoun	nor
Mevlut	properNoun	swe	Mevlut	properNoun	nor
Micaelsen	properNoun	swe	Micaelsen	properNoun	nor
Michaela	properNoun	swe	Michaela	properNoun	nor
Mick	properNoun	swe	Mick	properNoun	nor
Micke	properNoun	swe	Micke	properNoun	nor
Midling	properNoun	swe	Midling	properNoun	nor
Mignerey	properNoun	swe	Mignerey	properNoun	nor
Mikaela	properNoun	swe	Mikaela	properNoun	nor
Mikkelsplass	properNoun	swe	Mikkelsplass	properNoun	nor
Mineo	properNoun	swe	Mineo	properNoun	nor
Mirella	properNoun	swe	Mirella	properNoun	nor
Miroslav	properNoun	swe	Miroslav	properNoun	nor
Missale	properNoun	swe	Missale	properNoun	nor
Mitchell	properNoun	swe	Mitchell	properNoun	nor
Miyabi	properNoun	swe	Miyabi	properNoun	nor
Mizintsev	properNoun	swe	Mizintsev	properNoun	nor
Mnuchin	properNoun	swe	Mnuchin	properNoun	nor
Moa	properNoun	swe	Moa	properNoun	nor
Modou	properNoun	swe	Modou	properNoun	nor
Moen	properNoun	swe	Moen	properNoun	nor
Mogherini	properNoun	swe	Mogherini	properNoun	nor
Mohamad	properNoun	swe	Mohamad	properNoun	nor
Mohebi	properNoun	swe	Mohebi	properNoun	nor
Mohyeldeen	properNoun	swe	Mohyeldeen	properNoun	nor
Moises	properNoun	swe	Moises	properNoun	nor
Mok	properNoun	swe	Mok	properNoun	nor
Moland	properNoun	swe	Moland	properNoun	nor
Mollekleiv	properNoun	swe	Mollekleiv	properNoun	nor
Monfort	properNoun	swe	Monfort	properNoun	nor
Monsivais	properNoun	swe	Monsivais	properNoun	nor
Monte	properNoun	swe	Monte	properNoun	nor
Montreal	properNoun	swe	Montreal	properNoun	nor
Morawiecki	properNoun	swe	Morawiecki	properNoun	nor
Morena	properNoun	swe	Morena	properNoun	nor
Morenatti	properNoun	swe	Morenatti	properNoun	nor
Moretti	properNoun	swe	Moretti	properNoun	nor
Morken	properNoun	swe	Morken	properNoun	nor
Mortensholm	properNoun	swe	Mortensholm	properNoun	nor
Moscovici	properNoun	swe	Moscovici	properNoun	nor
Moshiri	properNoun	swe	Moshiri	properNoun	nor
Mossin	properNoun	swe	Mossin	properNoun	nor
Mouslet	properNoun	swe	Mouslet	properNoun	nor
Moutari	properNoun	swe	Moutari	properNoun	nor
Mova	properNoun	swe	Mova	properNoun	nor
Moxnes	properNoun	swe	Moxnes	properNoun	nor
Moyes	properNoun	swe	Moyes	properNoun	nor
Msimanga	properNoun	swe	Msimanga	properNoun	nor
Muammar	properNoun	swe	Muammar	properNoun	nor
Mueller	properNoun	swe	Mueller	properNoun	nor
Mugabe	properNoun	swe	Mugabe	properNoun	nor
Mugabes	properNoun	swe	Mugabes	properNoun	nor
Mujahid	properNoun	swe	Mujahid	properNoun	nor
Mukwege	properNoun	swe	Mukwege	properNoun	nor
Mulla	properNoun	swe	Mulla	properNoun	nor
Muotka	properNoun	swe	Muotka	properNoun	nor
Murad	properNoun	swe	Murad	properNoun	nor
Murat	properNoun	swe	Murat	properNoun	nor
Mursi	properNoun	swe	Mursi	properNoun	nor
Musab	properNoun	swe	Musab	properNoun	nor
Musk	properNoun	swe	Musk	properNoun	nor
Mutepeke	properNoun	swe	Mutepeke	properNoun	nor
Mutko	properNoun	swe	Mutko	properNoun	nor
Mutreb	properNoun	swe	Mutreb	properNoun	nor
Mutunzi	properNoun	swe	Mutunzi	properNoun	nor
Myhr	properNoun	swe	Myhr	properNoun	nor
Mykola	properNoun	swe	Mykola	properNoun	nor
Myrhol	properNoun	swe	Myrhol	properNoun	nor
Myrli	properNoun	swe	Myrli	properNoun	nor
Maalen	properNoun	swe	Maalen	properNoun	nor
Nadal	properNoun	swe	Nadal	properNoun	nor
Nafissatou	properNoun	swe	Nafissatou	properNoun	nor
Naglestad	properNoun	swe	Naglestad	properNoun	nor
Najibullah	properNoun	swe	Najibullah	properNoun	nor
Najumuddin	properNoun	swe	Najumuddin	properNoun	nor
Nakamura	properNoun	swe	Nakamura	properNoun	nor
Nakhon	properNoun	swe	Nakhon	properNoun	nor
Naline	properNoun	swe	Naline	properNoun	nor
Nalio	properNoun	swe	Nalio	properNoun	nor
Nam	properNoun	swe	Nam	properNoun	nor
Namal	properNoun	swe	Namal	properNoun	nor
Namestnikov	properNoun	swe	Namestnikov	properNoun	nor
Nangaa	properNoun	swe	Nangaa	properNoun	nor
Narendra	properNoun	swe	Narendra	properNoun	nor
Nariman	properNoun	swe	Nariman	properNoun	nor
Nasheed	properNoun	swe	Nasheed	properNoun	nor
Natacha	properNoun	swe	Natacha	properNoun	nor
Nathan	properNoun	swe	Nathan	properNoun	nor
Nauert	properNoun	swe	Nauert	properNoun	nor
Navalnyj	properNoun	swe	Navalnyj	properNoun	nor
Navarsete	properNoun	swe	Navarsete	properNoun	nor
Navntoft	properNoun	swe	Navntoft	properNoun	nor
Nchout	properNoun	swe	Nchout	properNoun	nor
Neagu	properNoun	swe	Neagu	properNoun	nor
Nebijo	properNoun	swe	Nebijo	properNoun	nor
Ned	properNoun	swe	Ned	properNoun	nor
Nedberg	properNoun	swe	Nedberg	properNoun	nor
Nederland	properNoun	swe	Nederland	properNoun	nor
Nedovyesov	properNoun	swe	Nedovyesov	properNoun	nor
Nedregotten	properNoun	swe	Nedregotten	properNoun	nor
Neibergall	properNoun	swe	Neibergall	properNoun	nor
Nemesio	properNoun	swe	Nemesio	properNoun	nor
Nemeth	properNoun	swe	Nemeth	properNoun	nor
Neprjajeva	properNoun	swe	Neprjajeva	properNoun	nor
Nervik	properNoun	swe	Nervik	properNoun	nor
Nes	properNoun	swe	Nes	properNoun	nor
Netanyahu	properNoun	swe	Netanyahu	properNoun	nor
Nettavisen	properNoun	swe	Nettavisen	properNoun	nor
Neureuther	properNoun	swe	Neureuther	properNoun	nor
Neuville	properNoun	swe	Neuville	properNoun	nor
Ng	properNoun	swe	Ng	properNoun	nor
Ngai	properNoun	swe	Ngai	properNoun	nor
Ngoy	properNoun	swe	Ngoy	properNoun	nor
Niall	properNoun	swe	Niall	properNoun	nor
Nicola	properNoun	swe	Nicola	properNoun	nor
Nidrosiense	properNoun	swe	Nidrosiense	properNoun	nor
Nieto	properNoun	swe	Nieto	properNoun	nor
Nijhowne	properNoun	swe	Nijhowne	properNoun	nor
Nikki	properNoun	swe	Nikki	properNoun	nor
Nikol	properNoun	swe	Nikol	properNoun	nor
Nikolskij	properNoun	swe	Nikolskij	properNoun	nor
Niksa	properNoun	swe	Niksa	properNoun	nor
Nil	properNoun	swe	Nil	properNoun	nor
Ningning	properNoun	swe	Ningning	properNoun	nor
Niro	properNoun	swe	Niro	properNoun	nor
Nizjnij	properNoun	swe	Nizjnij	properNoun	nor
Niznij	properNoun	swe	Niznij	properNoun	nor
Njoya	properNoun	swe	Njoya	properNoun	nor
Noble	properNoun	swe	Noble	properNoun	nor
Nomaguchi	properNoun	swe	Nomaguchi	properNoun	nor
Nonn	properNoun	swe	Nonn	properNoun	nor
Nordbotten	properNoun	swe	Nordbotten	properNoun	nor
Nordhaus	properNoun	swe	Nordhaus	properNoun	nor
Nordre	properNoun	swe	Nordre	properNoun	nor
Nordstad	properNoun	swe	Nordstad	properNoun	nor
Norendal	properNoun	swe	Norendal	properNoun	nor
Norgay	properNoun	swe	Norgay	properNoun	nor
Norge	properNoun	swe	Noreg	properNoun	nor
Norge	properNoun	swe	Norge	properNoun	nor
Northug	properNoun	swe	Northug	properNoun	nor
Norvik	properNoun	swe	Norvik	properNoun	nor
Norwegian	properNoun	swe	Norwegian	properNoun	nor
Novak	properNoun	swe	Novak	properNoun	nor
Nove	properNoun	swe	Nove	properNoun	nor
Novgorod	properNoun	swe	Novgorod	properNoun	nor
Ns	properNoun	swe	Ns	properNoun	nor
Nueva	properNoun	swe	Nueva	properNoun	nor
Nugroho	properNoun	swe	Nugroho	properNoun	nor
Nunar	properNoun	swe	Nunar	properNoun	nor
Nunziante	properNoun	swe	Nunziante	properNoun	nor
Nuon	properNoun	swe	Nuon	properNoun	nor
Nye	properNoun	swe	Nye	properNoun	nor
Nyenget	properNoun	swe	Nyenget	properNoun	nor
Nyman	properNoun	swe	Nyman	properNoun	nor
Obeida	properNoun	swe	Obeida	properNoun	nor
Oblak	properNoun	swe	Oblak	properNoun	nor
Obrador	properNoun	swe	Obrador	properNoun	nor
Octet	properNoun	swe	Octet	properNoun	nor
Odden	properNoun	swe	Odden	properNoun	nor
Odine	properNoun	swe	Odine	properNoun	nor
Ogier	properNoun	swe	Ogier	properNoun	nor
Oh	properNoun	swe	Oh	properNoun	nor
Ohi	properNoun	swe	Ohi	properNoun	nor
Ohved	properNoun	swe	Ohved	properNoun	nor
Ojigho	properNoun	swe	Ojigho	properNoun	nor
Okello	properNoun	swe	Okello	properNoun	nor
Oktay	properNoun	swe	Oktay	properNoun	nor
Olastuen	properNoun	swe	Olastuen	properNoun	nor
Oleksij	properNoun	swe	Oleksij	properNoun	nor
Olimstad	properNoun	swe	Olimstad	properNoun	nor
Olin	properNoun	swe	Olin	properNoun	nor
Olivier	properNoun	swe	Olivier	properNoun	nor
Ollanta	properNoun	swe	Ollanta	properNoun	nor
Olmo	properNoun	swe	Olmo	properNoun	nor
Olsbu	properNoun	swe	Olsbu	properNoun	nor
Ombudstvedt	properNoun	swe	Ombudstvedt	properNoun	nor
Omelyan	properNoun	swe	Omelyan	properNoun	nor
Omoijuanfovar	properNoun	swe	Omoijuanfovar	properNoun	nor
Onitsuka	properNoun	swe	Onitsuka	properNoun	nor
Oo	properNoun	swe	Oo	properNoun	nor
Oparin	properNoun	swe	Oparin	properNoun	nor
Opjordsmoen	properNoun	swe	Opjordsmoen	properNoun	nor
Opsahl	properNoun	swe	Opsahl	properNoun	nor
Origi	properNoun	swe	Origi	properNoun	nor
Ortega	properNoun	swe	Ortega	properNoun	nor
Orwell	properNoun	swe	Orwell	properNoun	nor
Osai	properNoun	swe	Osai	properNoun	nor
Osborne	properNoun	swe	Osborne	properNoun	nor
Oseguera	properNoun	swe	Oseguera	properNoun	nor
Osen	properNoun	swe	Osen	properNoun	nor
Oshiro	properNoun	swe	Oshiro	properNoun	nor
Osmundsvaag	properNoun	swe	Osmundsvaag	properNoun	nor
Ouro	properNoun	swe	Ouro	properNoun	nor
Oustorp	properNoun	swe	Oustorp	properNoun	nor
Oval	properNoun	swe	Oval	properNoun	nor
Oviedo	properNoun	swe	Oviedo	properNoun	nor
Owen	properNoun	swe	Owen	properNoun	nor
Ozbilici	properNoun	swe	Ozbilici	properNoun	nor
Pablo	properNoun	swe	Pablo	properNoun	nor
Pabuk	properNoun	swe	Pabuk	properNoun	nor
Paddon	properNoun	swe	Paddon	properNoun	nor
Paganella	properNoun	swe	Paganella	properNoun	nor
Pak	properNoun	swe	Pak	properNoun	nor
Palermo	properNoun	swe	Palermo	properNoun	nor
Palm	properNoun	swe	Palm	properNoun	nor
Pani	properNoun	swe	Pani	properNoun	nor
Panjaitan	properNoun	swe	Panjaitan	properNoun	nor
Panpetch	properNoun	swe	Panpetch	properNoun	nor
Pantas	properNoun	swe	Pantas	properNoun	nor
Pape	properNoun	swe	Pape	properNoun	nor
Paradis	properNoun	swe	Paradis	properNoun	nor
Paris	properNoun	swe	Paris	properNoun	nor
Parly	properNoun	swe	Parly	properNoun	nor
Parsons	properNoun	swe	Parsons	properNoun	nor
Pasjinian	properNoun	swe	Pasjinian	properNoun	nor
Pasjinians	properNoun	swe	Pasjinians	properNoun	nor
Patel	properNoun	swe	Patel	properNoun	nor
Pave	properNoun	swe	Pave	properNoun	nor
Pavlovsky	properNoun	swe	Pavlovsky	properNoun	nor
Pawel	properNoun	swe	Pawel	properNoun	nor
Pearce	properNoun	swe	Pearce	properNoun	nor
Pederstad	properNoun	swe	Pederstad	properNoun	nor
Peiffer	properNoun	swe	Peiffer	properNoun	nor
Pellegrini	properNoun	swe	Pellegrini	properNoun	nor
Pellegrino	properNoun	swe	Pellegrino	properNoun	nor
Pelosi	properNoun	swe	Pelosi	properNoun	nor
Pen	properNoun	swe	Pen	properNoun	nor
Pena	properNoun	swe	Pena	properNoun	nor
Pep	properNoun	swe	Pep	properNoun	nor
Percossi	properNoun	swe	Percossi	properNoun	nor
Perez	properNoun	swe	Perez	properNoun	nor
Peskov	properNoun	swe	Peskov	properNoun	nor
Pet	properNoun	swe	Pet	properNoun	nor
Petro	properNoun	swe	Petro	properNoun	nor
Petty	properNoun	swe	Petty	properNoun	nor
Phabnang	properNoun	swe	Phabnang	properNoun	nor
Phanang	properNoun	swe	Phanang	properNoun	nor
Phangan	properNoun	swe	Phangan	properNoun	nor
Phelan	properNoun	swe	Phelan	properNoun	nor
Philippa	properNoun	swe	Philippa	properNoun	nor
Phillippe	properNoun	swe	Phillippe	properNoun	nor
Phuwieng	properNoun	swe	Phuwieng	properNoun	nor
Piccard	properNoun	swe	Piccard	properNoun	nor
Pichler	properNoun	swe	Pichler	properNoun	nor
Pick	properNoun	swe	Pick	properNoun	nor
Pisarenko	properNoun	swe	Pisarenko	properNoun	nor
Pitarakis	properNoun	swe	Pitarakis	properNoun	nor
Pjotr	properNoun	swe	Pjotr	properNoun	nor
Pledger	properNoun	swe	Pledger	properNoun	nor
Pochettino	properNoun	swe	Pochettino	properNoun	nor
Pogba	properNoun	swe	Pogba	properNoun	nor
Pol	properNoun	swe	Pol	properNoun	nor
Pomepo	properNoun	swe	Pomepo	properNoun	nor
Pompeo	properNoun	swe	Pompeo	properNoun	nor
Pontus	properNoun	swe	Pontus	properNoun	nor
Popkov	properNoun	swe	Popkov	properNoun	nor
Porosjenko	properNoun	swe	Porosjenko	properNoun	nor
Portal	properNoun	swe	Portal	properNoun	nor
Posadas	properNoun	swe	Posadas	properNoun	nor
Pot	properNoun	swe	Pot	properNoun	nor
Prakhammintara	properNoun	swe	Prakhammintara	properNoun	nor
Pramod	properNoun	swe	Pramod	properNoun	nor
Pratibha	properNoun	swe	Pratibha	properNoun	nor
Prior	properNoun	swe	Prior	properNoun	nor
Prjadkin	properNoun	swe	Prjadkin	properNoun	nor
Probst	properNoun	swe	Probst	properNoun	nor
Prokoptsjuk	properNoun	swe	Prokoptsjuk	properNoun	nor
Puigdemont	properNoun	swe	Puigdemont	properNoun	nor
Puigros	properNoun	swe	Puigros	properNoun	nor
Pukhtunkhwa	properNoun	swe	Pukhtunkhwa	properNoun	nor
Purwo	properNoun	swe	Purwo	properNoun	nor
Paajarvi	properNoun	swe	Paajarvi	properNoun	nor
Qadri	properNoun	swe	Qadri	properNoun	nor
Qrill	properNoun	swe	Qrill	properNoun	nor
Quadri	properNoun	swe	Quadri	properNoun	nor
Quagliarella	properNoun	swe	Quagliarella	properNoun	nor
Quang	properNoun	swe	Quang	properNoun	nor
Quim	properNoun	swe	Quim	properNoun	nor
Rabbu	properNoun	swe	Rabbu	properNoun	nor
Rabin	properNoun	swe	Rabin	properNoun	nor
Racha	properNoun	swe	Racha	properNoun	nor
Radich	properNoun	swe	Radich	properNoun	nor
Radwanska	properNoun	swe	Radwanska	properNoun	nor
Rafaelsen	properNoun	swe	Rafaelsen	properNoun	nor
Rahaf	properNoun	swe	Rahaf	properNoun	nor
Raheem	properNoun	swe	Raheem	properNoun	nor
Rahmat	properNoun	swe	Rahmat	properNoun	nor
Rahmdel	properNoun	swe	Rahmdel	properNoun	nor
Raja	properNoun	swe	Raja	properNoun	nor
Rajapaksa	properNoun	swe	Rajapaksa	properNoun	nor
Rajesh	properNoun	swe	Rajesh	properNoun	nor
Rajoelina	properNoun	swe	Rajoelina	properNoun	nor
Rakke	properNoun	swe	Rakke	properNoun	nor
Ramanzini	properNoun	swe	Ramanzini	properNoun	nor
Ramberg	properNoun	swe	Ramberg	properNoun	nor
Rambiz	properNoun	swe	Rambiz	properNoun	nor
Rami	properNoun	swe	Rami	properNoun	nor
Ramsfjell	properNoun	swe	Ramsfjell	properNoun	nor
Randgaard	properNoun	swe	Randgaard	properNoun	nor
Ranil	properNoun	swe	Ranil	properNoun	nor
Ranoco	properNoun	swe	Ranoco	properNoun	nor
Raoul	properNoun	swe	Raoul	properNoun	nor
Rapsys	properNoun	swe	Rapsys	properNoun	nor
Rashfords	properNoun	swe	Rashfords	properNoun	nor
Rastad	properNoun	swe	Rastad	properNoun	nor
Rauenbusch	properNoun	swe	Rauenbusch	properNoun	nor
Ravalomanana	properNoun	swe	Ravalomanana	properNoun	nor
Ravatn	properNoun	swe	Ravatn	properNoun	nor
Rawdon	properNoun	swe	Rawdon	properNoun	nor
Readings	properNoun	swe	Readings	properNoun	nor
Rebensburg	properNoun	swe	Rebensburg	properNoun	nor
Rec	properNoun	swe	Rec	properNoun	nor
Recep	properNoun	swe	Recep	properNoun	nor
Redfield	properNoun	swe	Redfield	properNoun	nor
Reedie	properNoun	swe	Reedie	properNoun	nor
Reese	properNoun	swe	Reese	properNoun	nor
Refsnes	properNoun	swe	Refsnes	properNoun	nor
Reginiussen	properNoun	swe	Reginiussen	properNoun	nor
Rego	properNoun	swe	Rego	properNoun	nor
Rehn	properNoun	swe	Rehn	properNoun	nor
Rehr	properNoun	swe	Rehr	properNoun	nor
Reimold	properNoun	swe	Reimold	properNoun	nor
Reinsborg	properNoun	swe	Reinsborg	properNoun	nor
Reisinger	properNoun	swe	Reisinger	properNoun	nor
Reiss	properNoun	swe	Reiss	properNoun	nor
Reistad	properNoun	swe	Reistad	properNoun	nor
Reitan	properNoun	swe	Reitan	properNoun	nor
Reite	properNoun	swe	Reite	properNoun	nor
Reitmaier	properNoun	swe	Reitmaier	properNoun	nor
Rekdal	properNoun	swe	Rekdal	properNoun	nor
Remlov	properNoun	swe	Remlov	properNoun	nor
Ren	properNoun	swe	Ren	properNoun	nor
Ressa	properNoun	swe	Ressa	properNoun	nor
Revfem	properNoun	swe	Revfem	properNoun	nor
Rex	properNoun	swe	Rex	properNoun	nor
Reza	properNoun	swe	Reza	properNoun	nor
Rhonex	properNoun	swe	Rhonex	properNoun	nor
Ri	properNoun	swe	Ri	properNoun	nor
Riberth	properNoun	swe	Riberth	properNoun	nor
Ricardels	properNoun	swe	Ricardels	properNoun	nor
Rice	properNoun	swe	Rice	properNoun	nor
Rick	properNoun	swe	Rick	properNoun	nor
Rickard	properNoun	swe	Rickard	properNoun	nor
Rickardsson	properNoun	swe	Rickardsson	properNoun	nor
Rickett	properNoun	swe	Rickett	properNoun	nor
Riedel	properNoun	swe	Riedel	properNoun	nor
Riegelhuth	properNoun	swe	Riegelhuth	properNoun	nor
Ries	properNoun	swe	Ries	properNoun	nor
Riise	properNoun	swe	Riise	properNoun	nor
Riku	properNoun	swe	Riku	properNoun	nor
Rini	properNoun	swe	Rini	properNoun	nor
Risa	properNoun	swe	Risa	properNoun	nor
Risholm	properNoun	swe	Risholm	properNoun	nor
Rjabov	properNoun	swe	Rjabov	properNoun	nor
Rob	properNoun	swe	Rob	properNoun	nor
Robbie	properNoun	swe	Robbie	properNoun	nor
Rochlenge	properNoun	swe	Rochlenge	properNoun	nor
Rodahl	properNoun	swe	Rodahl	properNoun	nor
Rodgers	properNoun	swe	Rodgers	properNoun	nor
Rodrigo	properNoun	swe	Rodrigo	properNoun	nor
Roduit	properNoun	swe	Roduit	properNoun	nor
Rogentin	properNoun	swe	Rogentin	properNoun	nor
Rogn	properNoun	swe	Rogn	properNoun	nor
Rogne	properNoun	swe	Rogne	properNoun	nor
Rohani	properNoun	swe	Rohani	properNoun	nor
Rohit	properNoun	swe	Rohit	properNoun	nor
Roman	properNoun	swe	Roman	properNoun	nor
Romelu	properNoun	swe	Romelu	properNoun	nor
Romer	properNoun	swe	Romer	properNoun	nor
Romney	properNoun	swe	Romney	properNoun	nor
Ronaldo	properNoun	swe	Ronaldo	properNoun	nor
Ronan	properNoun	swe	Ronan	properNoun	nor
Ronson	properNoun	swe	Ronson	properNoun	nor
Roome	properNoun	swe	Roome	properNoun	nor
Rossomando	properNoun	swe	Rossomando	properNoun	nor
Rosted	properNoun	swe	Rosted	properNoun	nor
Rourke	properNoun	swe	Rourke	properNoun	nor
Rouse	properNoun	swe	Rouse	properNoun	nor
Rousseff	properNoun	swe	Rousseff	properNoun	nor
Rubio	properNoun	swe	Rubio	properNoun	nor
Rudd	properNoun	swe	Rudd	properNoun	nor
Rui	properNoun	swe	Rui	properNoun	nor
Ruland	properNoun	swe	Ruland	properNoun	nor
Rull	properNoun	swe	Rull	properNoun	nor
Rundgreen	properNoun	swe	Rundgreen	properNoun	nor
Rundt	properNoun	swe	Rundt	properNoun	nor
Rustan	properNoun	swe	Rustan	properNoun	nor
Rutledal	properNoun	swe	Rutledal	properNoun	nor
Rutte	properNoun	swe	Rutte	properNoun	nor
Rycroft	properNoun	swe	Rycroft	properNoun	nor
Rydstedt	properNoun	swe	Rydstedt	properNoun	nor
Rydzek	properNoun	swe	Rydzek	properNoun	nor
Rynd	properNoun	swe	Rynd	properNoun	nor
Ryoyu	properNoun	swe	Ryoyu	properNoun	nor
Ryssdal	properNoun	swe	Ryssdal	properNoun	nor
Raab	properNoun	swe	Raab	properNoun	nor
Sabundu	properNoun	swe	Sabundu	properNoun	nor
Safed	properNoun	swe	Safed	properNoun	nor
Sagfossen	properNoun	swe	Sagfossen	properNoun	nor
Saggi	properNoun	swe	Saggi	properNoun	nor
Saglien	properNoun	swe	Saglien	properNoun	nor
Sagosen	properNoun	swe	Sagosen	properNoun	nor
Sahin	properNoun	swe	Sahin	properNoun	nor
Sahlin	properNoun	swe	Sahlin	properNoun	nor
Saikawa	properNoun	swe	Saikawa	properNoun	nor
Sajid	properNoun	swe	Sajid	properNoun	nor
Sakanyi	properNoun	swe	Sakanyi	properNoun	nor
Sakchai	properNoun	swe	Sakchai	properNoun	nor
Salah	properNoun	swe	Salah	properNoun	nor
Saleh	properNoun	swe	Saleh	properNoun	nor
Salvini	properNoun	swe	Salvini	properNoun	nor
Samantha	properNoun	swe	Samantha	properNoun	nor
Samba	properNoun	swe	Samba	properNoun	nor
Samberg	properNoun	swe	Samberg	properNoun	nor
Sameh	properNoun	swe	Sameh	properNoun	nor
Samim	properNoun	swe	Samim	properNoun	nor
Samiullah	properNoun	swe	Samiullah	properNoun	nor
Samphan	properNoun	swe	Samphan	properNoun	nor
Samset	properNoun	swe	Samset	properNoun	nor
Samui	properNoun	swe	Samui	properNoun	nor
Sanchez	properNoun	swe	Sanchez	properNoun	nor
Sancya	properNoun	swe	Sancya	properNoun	nor
Sandbeck	properNoun	swe	Sandbeck	properNoun	nor
Sandell	properNoun	swe	Sandell	properNoun	nor
Sandnes	properNoun	swe	Sandnes	properNoun	nor
Sandsmark	properNoun	swe	Sandsmark	properNoun	nor
Sandvold	properNoun	swe	Sandvold	properNoun	nor
Sane	properNoun	swe	Sane	properNoun	nor
Sang	properNoun	swe	Sang	properNoun	nor
Sangama	properNoun	swe	Sangama	properNoun	nor
Sardar	properNoun	swe	Sardar	properNoun	nor
Sarri	properNoun	swe	Sarri	properNoun	nor
Sasahara	properNoun	swe	Sasahara	properNoun	nor
Saudi	properNoun	swe	Saudi	properNoun	nor
Saudland	properNoun	swe	Saudland	properNoun	nor
Saugestad	properNoun	swe	Saugestad	properNoun	nor
Savard	properNoun	swe	Savard	properNoun	nor
Schellnhuber	properNoun	swe	Schellnhuber	properNoun	nor
Schiefelbein	properNoun	swe	Schiefelbein	properNoun	nor
Schinas	properNoun	swe	Schinas	properNoun	nor
Schlesinger	properNoun	swe	Schlesinger	properNoun	nor
Schlierenzauer	properNoun	swe	Schlierenzauer	properNoun	nor
Schmid	properNoun	swe	Schmid	properNoun	nor
Schmidhofer	properNoun	swe	Schmidhofer	properNoun	nor
Scholz	properNoun	swe	Scholz	properNoun	nor
Schreiber	properNoun	swe	Schreiber	properNoun	nor
Schumer	properNoun	swe	Schumer	properNoun	nor
Schuwerk	properNoun	swe	Schuwerk	properNoun	nor
Schwartzman	properNoun	swe	Schwartzman	properNoun	nor
Schwarz	properNoun	swe	Schwarz	properNoun	nor
Scudamore	properNoun	swe	Scudamore	properNoun	nor
Seabrook	properNoun	swe	Seabrook	properNoun	nor
Seavey	properNoun	swe	Seavey	properNoun	nor
Sebastien	properNoun	swe	Sebastien	properNoun	nor
Seco	properNoun	swe	Seco	properNoun	nor
Sedojkina	properNoun	swe	Sedojkina	properNoun	nor
Sedova	properNoun	swe	Sedova	properNoun	nor
Segev	properNoun	swe	Segev	properNoun	nor
Seher	properNoun	swe	Seher	properNoun	nor
Seidl	properNoun	swe	Seidl	properNoun	nor
Selatan	properNoun	swe	Selatan	properNoun	nor
Sele	properNoun	swe	Sele	properNoun	nor
Selemon	properNoun	swe	Selemon	properNoun	nor
Semmingsen	properNoun	swe	Semmingsen	properNoun	nor
Senales	properNoun	swe	Senales	properNoun	nor
Seng	properNoun	swe	Seng	properNoun	nor
Serena	properNoun	swe	Serena	properNoun	nor
Sergej	properNoun	swe	Sergej	properNoun	nor
Sergio	properNoun	swe	Sergio	properNoun	nor
Sessions	properNoun	swe	Sessions	properNoun	nor
Settimo	properNoun	swe	Settimo	properNoun	nor
Sewitsky	properNoun	swe	Sewitsky	properNoun	nor
Seyfarth	properNoun	swe	Seyfarth	properNoun	nor
Shadary	properNoun	swe	Shadary	properNoun	nor
Shady	properNoun	swe	Shady	properNoun	nor
Shailesh	properNoun	swe	Shailesh	properNoun	nor
Shaiman	properNoun	swe	Shaiman	properNoun	nor
Shakar	properNoun	swe	Shakar	properNoun	nor
Shakars	properNoun	swe	Shakars	properNoun	nor
Shakeel	properNoun	swe	Shakeel	properNoun	nor
Shakh	properNoun	swe	Shakh	properNoun	nor
Shakir	properNoun	swe	Shakir	properNoun	nor
Shamil	properNoun	swe	Shamil	properNoun	nor
Shariati	properNoun	swe	Shariati	properNoun	nor
Shaunae	properNoun	swe	Shaunae	properNoun	nor
Shehadeh	properNoun	swe	Shehadeh	properNoun	nor
Sheikh	properNoun	swe	Sheikh	properNoun	nor
Sherida	properNoun	swe	Sherida	properNoun	nor
Shiffrin	properNoun	swe	Shiffrin	properNoun	nor
Shimbun	properNoun	swe	Shimbun	properNoun	nor
Shimon	properNoun	swe	Shimon	properNoun	nor
Shin	properNoun	swe	Shin	properNoun	nor
Shinawatra	properNoun	swe	Shinawatra	properNoun	nor
Shinji	properNoun	swe	Shinji	properNoun	nor
Shinrikyo	properNoun	swe	Shinrikyo	properNoun	nor
Shinzo	properNoun	swe	Shinzo	properNoun	nor
Shireen	properNoun	swe	Shireen	properNoun	nor
Shiyi	properNoun	swe	Shiyi	properNoun	nor
Shmakov	properNoun	swe	Shmakov	properNoun	nor
Shoma	properNoun	swe	Shoma	properNoun	nor
Shukheidim	properNoun	swe	Shukheidim	properNoun	nor
Shuttle	properNoun	swe	Shuttle	properNoun	nor
Si	properNoun	swe	Si	properNoun	nor
Signell	properNoun	swe	Signell	properNoun	nor
Sildaru	properNoun	swe	Sildaru	properNoun	nor
Silicon	properNoun	swe	Silicon	properNoun	nor
Silke	properNoun	swe	Silke	properNoun	nor
Siriked	properNoun	swe	Siriked	properNoun	nor
Sirisena	properNoun	swe	Sirisena	properNoun	nor
Sivertsvik	properNoun	swe	Sivertsvik	properNoun	nor
Sjef	properNoun	swe	Sjef	properNoun	nor
Skadsem	properNoun	swe	Skadsem	properNoun	nor
Skaug	properNoun	swe	Skaug	properNoun	nor
Skero	properNoun	swe	Skero	properNoun	nor
Skjelmose	properNoun	swe	Skjelmose	properNoun	nor
Skogheim	properNoun	swe	Skogheim	properNoun	nor
Skolt	properNoun	swe	Skolt	properNoun	nor
Skrim	properNoun	swe	Skrim	properNoun	nor
Skripal	properNoun	swe	Skripal	properNoun	nor
Skulberg	properNoun	swe	Skulberg	properNoun	nor
Skule	properNoun	swe	Skule	properNoun	nor
Skaaheim	properNoun	swe	Skaaheim	properNoun	nor
Sliper	properNoun	swe	Sliper	properNoun	nor
Slaatta	properNoun	swe	Slaatta	properNoun	nor
Smalling	properNoun	swe	Smalling	properNoun	nor
Smeets	properNoun	swe	Smeets	properNoun	nor
Smiseth	properNoun	swe	Smiseth	properNoun	nor
Snare	properNoun	swe	Snare	properNoun	nor
Sneve	properNoun	swe	Sneve	properNoun	nor
Soe	properNoun	swe	Soe	properNoun	nor
Sokolowski	properNoun	swe	Sokolowski	properNoun	nor
Solbak	properNoun	swe	Solbak	properNoun	nor
Solholm	properNoun	swe	Solholm	properNoun	nor
Solly	properNoun	swe	Solly	properNoun	nor
Soltvedttil	properNoun	swe	Soltvedttil	properNoun	nor
Solum	properNoun	swe	Solum	properNoun	nor
Sommerro	properNoun	swe	Sommerro	properNoun	nor
Songthanee	properNoun	swe	Songthanee	properNoun	nor
Sotra	properNoun	swe	Sotra	properNoun	nor
Soul	properNoun	swe	Soul	properNoun	nor
Southgate	properNoun	swe	Southgate	properNoun	nor
Spahn	properNoun	swe	Spahn	properNoun	nor
Spania	properNoun	swe	Spania	properNoun	nor
Spieler	properNoun	swe	Spieler	properNoun	nor
Spiten	properNoun	swe	Spiten	properNoun	nor
Spurs	properNoun	swe	Spurs	properNoun	nor
Squeglia	properNoun	swe	Squeglia	properNoun	nor
Srivaddhanaprabha	properNoun	swe	Srivaddhanaprabha	properNoun	nor
Stadaas	properNoun	swe	Stadaas	properNoun	nor
Stage	properNoun	swe	Stage	properNoun	nor
Stamkos	properNoun	swe	Stamkos	properNoun	nor
Stanghelle	properNoun	swe	Stanghelle	properNoun	nor
Statsraad	properNoun	swe	Statsraad	properNoun	nor
Stavrakis	properNoun	swe	Stavrakis	properNoun	nor
Stavrum	properNoun	swe	Stavrum	properNoun	nor
Steensland	properNoun	swe	Steensland	properNoun	nor
Steingrim	properNoun	swe	Steingrim	properNoun	nor
Steinshamn	properNoun	swe	Steinshamn	properNoun	nor
Steirer	properNoun	swe	Steirer	properNoun	nor
Stelle	properNoun	swe	Stelle	properNoun	nor
Stelter	properNoun	swe	Stelter	properNoun	nor
Stena	properNoun	swe	Stena	properNoun	nor
Stende	properNoun	swe	Stende	properNoun	nor
Stenmark	properNoun	swe	Stenmark	properNoun	nor
Stenseng	properNoun	swe	Stenseng	properNoun	nor
Stenseth	properNoun	swe	Stenseth	properNoun	nor
Stenwig	properNoun	swe	Stenwig	properNoun	nor
Steph	properNoun	swe	Steph	properNoun	nor
Sterling	properNoun	swe	Sterling	properNoun	nor
Sthefany	properNoun	swe	Sthefany	properNoun	nor
Stidal	properNoun	swe	Stidal	properNoun	nor
Stimpson	properNoun	swe	Stimpson	properNoun	nor
Stivers	properNoun	swe	Stivers	properNoun	nor
Stjernesund	properNoun	swe	Stjernesund	properNoun	nor
Stjernkvist	properNoun	swe	Stjernkvist	properNoun	nor
Stoch	properNoun	swe	Stoch	properNoun	nor
Stocker	properNoun	swe	Stocker	properNoun	nor
Stojkovski	properNoun	swe	Stojkovski	properNoun	nor
Stolt	properNoun	swe	Stolt	properNoun	nor
Stoltz	properNoun	swe	Stoltz	properNoun	nor
Stone	properNoun	swe	Stone	properNoun	nor
Stordalen	properNoun	swe	Stordalen	properNoun	nor
Storehaug	properNoun	swe	Storehaug	properNoun	nor
Storetvedt	properNoun	swe	Storetvedt	properNoun	nor
Stormy	properNoun	swe	Stormy	properNoun	nor
Storvik	properNoun	swe	Storvik	properNoun	nor
Strickland	properNoun	swe	Strickland	properNoun	nor
Stuan	properNoun	swe	Stuan	properNoun	nor
Stuhaug	properNoun	swe	Stuhaug	properNoun	nor
Stuhaugs	properNoun	swe	Stuhaugs	properNoun	nor
Stuhec	properNoun	swe	Stuhec	properNoun	nor
Sturgeon	properNoun	swe	Sturgeon	properNoun	nor
Sturgess	properNoun	swe	Sturgess	properNoun	nor
Su	properNoun	swe	Su	properNoun	nor
Suella	properNoun	swe	Suella	properNoun	nor
Sukplang	properNoun	swe	Sukplang	properNoun	nor
Sukree	properNoun	swe	Sukree	properNoun	nor
Sukrin	properNoun	swe	Sukrin	properNoun	nor
Sulejmanov	properNoun	swe	Sulejmanov	properNoun	nor
Sumeth	properNoun	swe	Sumeth	properNoun	nor
Sundal	properNoun	swe	Sundal	properNoun	nor
Sundaresh	properNoun	swe	Sundaresh	properNoun	nor
Sunde	properNoun	swe	Sunde	properNoun	nor
Sundvolden	properNoun	swe	Sundvolden	properNoun	nor
Super	properNoun	swe	Super	properNoun	nor
Supphellebreen	properNoun	swe	Supphellebreen	properNoun	nor
Sur	properNoun	swe	Sur	properNoun	nor
Surachate	properNoun	swe	Surachate	properNoun	nor
Suslin	properNoun	swe	Suslin	properNoun	nor
Suter	properNoun	swe	Suter	properNoun	nor
Sutopo	properNoun	swe	Sutopo	properNoun	nor
Suzana	properNoun	swe	Suzana	properNoun	nor
Sve	properNoun	swe	Sve	properNoun	nor
Svele	properNoun	swe	Svele	properNoun	nor
Svindal	properNoun	swe	Svindal	properNoun	nor
Swarbrick	properNoun	swe	Swarbrick	properNoun	nor
Swarup	properNoun	swe	Swarup	properNoun	nor
Sylte	properNoun	swe	Sylte	properNoun	nor
Sylvain	properNoun	swe	Sylvain	properNoun	nor
Sylvest	properNoun	swe	Sylvest	properNoun	nor
Syse	properNoun	swe	Syse	properNoun	nor
Szeged	properNoun	swe	Szeged	properNoun	nor
Saad	properNoun	swe	Saad	properNoun	nor
Saakasjvili	properNoun	swe	Saakasjvili	properNoun	nor
Tacca	properNoun	swe	Tacca	properNoun	nor
Tagil	properNoun	swe	Tagil	properNoun	nor
Tahir	properNoun	swe	Tahir	properNoun	nor
Tahrir	properNoun	swe	Tahrir	properNoun	nor
Tajani	properNoun	swe	Tajani	properNoun	nor
Tajik	properNoun	swe	Tajik	properNoun	nor
Takanashi	properNoun	swe	Takanashi	properNoun	nor
Takashi	properNoun	swe	Takashi	properNoun	nor
Takeda	properNoun	swe	Takeda	properNoun	nor
Takeshi	properNoun	swe	Takeshi	properNoun	nor
Tamaryn	properNoun	swe	Tamaryn	properNoun	nor
Tampa	properNoun	swe	Tampa	properNoun	nor
Tandrevold	properNoun	swe	Tandrevold	properNoun	nor
Tangvik	properNoun	swe	Tangvik	properNoun	nor
Tank	properNoun	swe	Tank	properNoun	nor
Tao	properNoun	swe	Tao	properNoun	nor
Tarcisio	properNoun	swe	Tarcisio	properNoun	nor
Tasuku	properNoun	swe	Tasuku	properNoun	nor
Tawakul	properNoun	swe	Tawakul	properNoun	nor
Taycan	properNoun	swe	Taycan	properNoun	nor
Tayyip	properNoun	swe	Tayyip	properNoun	nor
Tchen	properNoun	swe	Tchen	properNoun	nor
Te	properNoun	swe	Te	properNoun	nor
Teddy	properNoun	swe	Teddy	properNoun	nor
Tegneby	properNoun	swe	Tegneby	properNoun	nor
Teini	properNoun	swe	Teini	properNoun	nor
Tellevik	properNoun	swe	Tellevik	properNoun	nor
Temple	properNoun	swe	Temple	properNoun	nor
Tenzing	properNoun	swe	Tenzing	properNoun	nor
Termini	properNoun	swe	Termini	properNoun	nor
Terra	properNoun	swe	Terra	properNoun	nor
Tessa	properNoun	swe	Tessa	properNoun	nor
Tetzschner	properNoun	swe	Tetzschner	properNoun	nor
Thaci	properNoun	swe	Thaci	properNoun	nor
Thale	properNoun	swe	Thale	properNoun	nor
Thammarat	properNoun	swe	Thammarat	properNoun	nor
Than	properNoun	swe	Than	properNoun	nor
Thanassis	properNoun	swe	Thanassis	properNoun	nor
The	properNoun	swe	The	properNoun	nor
Thein	properNoun	swe	Thein	properNoun	nor
Thekla	properNoun	swe	Thekla	properNoun	nor
Them	properNoun	swe	Them	properNoun	nor
Theodore	properNoun	swe	Theodore	properNoun	nor
Thiam	properNoun	swe	Thiam	properNoun	nor
Thibault	properNoun	swe	Thibault	properNoun	nor
Thibaut	properNoun	swe	Thibaut	properNoun	nor
Thierry	properNoun	swe	Thierry	properNoun	nor
Thin	properNoun	swe	Thin	properNoun	nor
Thingnes	properNoun	swe	Thingnes	properNoun	nor
Thomseth	properNoun	swe	Thomseth	properNoun	nor
Thorir	properNoun	swe	Thorir	properNoun	nor
Thorn	properNoun	swe	Thorn	properNoun	nor
Thorsby	properNoun	swe	Thorsby	properNoun	nor
Thorsnes	properNoun	swe	Thorsnes	properNoun	nor
Thortveit	properNoun	swe	Thortveit	properNoun	nor
Thousand	properNoun	swe	Thousand	properNoun	nor
Thrandarson	properNoun	swe	Thrandarson	properNoun	nor
Thue	properNoun	swe	Thue	properNoun	nor
Tiedemann	properNoun	swe	Tiedemann	properNoun	nor
Tillerson	properNoun	swe	Tillerson	properNoun	nor
Times	properNoun	swe	Times	properNoun	nor
Timmermans	properNoun	swe	Timmermans	properNoun	nor
Tjeldflaat	properNoun	swe	Tjeldflaat	properNoun	nor
Tjore	properNoun	swe	Tjore	properNoun	nor
Tkalcic	properNoun	swe	Tkalcic	properNoun	nor
To	properNoun	swe	To	properNoun	nor
Toews	properNoun	swe	Toews	properNoun	nor
Toledo	properNoun	swe	Toledo	properNoun	nor
Tomoe	properNoun	swe	Tomoe	properNoun	nor
Toppe	properNoun	swe	Toppe	properNoun	nor
Torgalsen	properNoun	swe	Torgalsen	properNoun	nor
Torra	properNoun	swe	Torra	properNoun	nor
Torres	properNoun	swe	Torres	properNoun	nor
Toshiyuki	properNoun	swe	Toshiyuki	properNoun	nor
Toskedal	properNoun	swe	Toskedal	properNoun	nor
Toto	properNoun	swe	Toto	properNoun	nor
Tottenhams	properNoun	swe	Tottenhams	properNoun	nor
Towsen	properNoun	swe	Towsen	properNoun	nor
Travis	properNoun	swe	Travis	properNoun	nor
Tre	properNoun	swe	Tre	properNoun	nor
Treider	properNoun	swe	Treider	properNoun	nor
Trettebergstuen	properNoun	swe	Trettebergstuen	properNoun	nor
Trevelyan	properNoun	swe	Trevelyan	properNoun	nor
Trosby	properNoun	swe	Trosby	properNoun	nor
Trovati	properNoun	swe	Trovati	properNoun	nor
Trudeau	properNoun	swe	Trudeau	properNoun	nor
Trysnes	properNoun	swe	Trysnes	properNoun	nor
Traaseth	properNoun	swe	Traaseth	properNoun	nor
Tsafrir	properNoun	swe	Tsafrir	properNoun	nor
Tsai	properNoun	swe	Tsai	properNoun	nor
Tseng	properNoun	swe	Tseng	properNoun	nor
Tshisekedi	properNoun	swe	Tshisekedi	properNoun	nor
Tsunekazu	properNoun	swe	Tsunekazu	properNoun	nor
Tsuyoshi	properNoun	swe	Tsuyoshi	properNoun	nor
Tuastad	properNoun	swe	Tuastad	properNoun	nor
Tuchel	properNoun	swe	Tuchel	properNoun	nor
Tugendhat	properNoun	swe	Tugendhat	properNoun	nor
Tumler	properNoun	swe	Tumler	properNoun	nor
Tuoi	properNoun	swe	Tuoi	properNoun	nor
Turhan	properNoun	swe	Turhan	properNoun	nor
Turull	properNoun	swe	Turull	properNoun	nor
Turvoll	properNoun	swe	Turvoll	properNoun	nor
Tusk	properNoun	swe	Tusk	properNoun	nor
Tvedt	properNoun	swe	Tvedt	properNoun	nor
Tvergrov	properNoun	swe	Tvergrov	properNoun	nor
Tvinnereim	properNoun	swe	Tvinnereim	properNoun	nor
Tybring	properNoun	swe	Tybring	properNoun	nor
Tygart	properNoun	swe	Tygart	properNoun	nor
Tyrihjell	properNoun	swe	Tyrihjell	properNoun	nor
Tysdal	properNoun	swe	Tysdal	properNoun	nor
Tzu	properNoun	swe	Tzu	properNoun	nor
Taalas	properNoun	swe	Taalas	properNoun	nor
Udnes	properNoun	swe	Udnes	properNoun	nor
Ueland	properNoun	swe	Ueland	properNoun	nor
Ugulen	properNoun	swe	Ugulen	properNoun	nor
Uhrenholdt	properNoun	swe	Uhrenholdt	properNoun	nor
Ujamaa	properNoun	swe	Ujamaa	properNoun	nor
Ulfsby	properNoun	swe	Ulfsby	properNoun	nor
Ullsand	properNoun	swe	Ullsand	properNoun	nor
Ullstein	properNoun	swe	Ullstein	properNoun	nor
Ulltveit	properNoun	swe	Ulltveit	properNoun	nor
Ulrika	properNoun	swe	Ulrika	properNoun	nor
Ulsom	properNoun	swe	Ulsom	properNoun	nor
Ulstein	properNoun	swe	Ulstein	properNoun	nor
Ulveseth	properNoun	swe	Ulveseth	properNoun	nor
Umair	properNoun	swe	Umair	properNoun	nor
Umm	properNoun	swe	Umm	properNoun	nor
Un	properNoun	swe	Un	properNoun	nor
Unai	properNoun	swe	Unai	properNoun	nor
Unander	properNoun	swe	Unander	properNoun	nor
Une	properNoun	swe	Une	properNoun	nor
Urjit	properNoun	swe	Urjit	properNoun	nor
Ustjugov	properNoun	swe	Ustjugov	properNoun	nor
Vachier	properNoun	swe	Vachier	properNoun	nor
Vadheim	properNoun	swe	Vadheim	properNoun	nor
Vadim	properNoun	swe	Vadim	properNoun	nor
Vajiralongkorn	properNoun	swe	Vajiralongkorn	properNoun	nor
Valen	properNoun	swe	Valen	properNoun	nor
Valnes	properNoun	swe	Valnes	properNoun	nor
Vambheim	properNoun	swe	Vambheim	properNoun	nor
Vammervold	properNoun	swe	Vammervold	properNoun	nor
Vanden	properNoun	swe	Vanden	properNoun	nor
Vangeel	properNoun	swe	Vangeel	properNoun	nor
Vangstein	properNoun	swe	Vangstein	properNoun	nor
Varadkar	properNoun	swe	Varadkar	properNoun	nor
Varfjell	properNoun	swe	Varfjell	properNoun	nor
Varsky	properNoun	swe	Varsky	properNoun	nor
Vasip	properNoun	swe	Vasip	properNoun	nor
Vasjadze	properNoun	swe	Vasjadze	properNoun	nor
Vedumsier	properNoun	swe	Vedumsier	properNoun	nor
Veier	properNoun	swe	Veier	properNoun	nor
Velikij	properNoun	swe	Velikij	properNoun	nor
Veljkovic	properNoun	swe	Veljkovic	properNoun	nor
Vella	properNoun	swe	Vella	properNoun	nor
Velure	properNoun	swe	Velure	properNoun	nor
Verhoosel	properNoun	swe	Verhoosel	properNoun	nor
Vesey	properNoun	swe	Vesey	properNoun	nor
Vesterager	properNoun	swe	Vesterager	properNoun	nor
Veulemans	properNoun	swe	Veulemans	properNoun	nor
Vichai	properNoun	swe	Vichai	properNoun	nor
Vieira	properNoun	swe	Vieira	properNoun	nor
Vigdenes	properNoun	swe	Vigdenes	properNoun	nor
Vikdal	properNoun	swe	Vikdal	properNoun	nor
Vikene	properNoun	swe	Vikene	properNoun	nor
Vincennes	properNoun	swe	Vincennes	properNoun	nor
Vinger	properNoun	swe	Vinger	properNoun	nor
Vinicius	properNoun	swe	Vinicius	properNoun	nor
Vinsa	properNoun	swe	Vinsa	properNoun	nor
Virginia	properNoun	swe	Virginia	properNoun	nor
Virke	properNoun	swe	Virke	properNoun	nor
Vishy	properNoun	swe	Vishy	properNoun	nor
Visnes	properNoun	swe	Visnes	properNoun	nor
Vista	properNoun	swe	Vista	properNoun	nor
Viswanathan	properNoun	swe	Viswanathan	properNoun	nor
Vitalij	properNoun	swe	Vitalij	properNoun	nor
Vito	properNoun	swe	Vito	properNoun	nor
Vittozzi	properNoun	swe	Vittozzi	properNoun	nor
Vittozzis	properNoun	swe	Vittozzis	properNoun	nor
Vjakhireva	properNoun	swe	Vjakhireva	properNoun	nor
Vlad	properNoun	swe	Vlad	properNoun	nor
Vliegen	properNoun	swe	Vliegen	properNoun	nor
Vollheim	properNoun	swe	Vollheim	properNoun	nor
Volodymyr	properNoun	swe	Volodymyr	properNoun	nor
Vonn	properNoun	swe	Vonn	properNoun	nor
Vorontsjenko	properNoun	swe	Vorontsjenko	properNoun	nor
Vucci	properNoun	swe	Vucci	properNoun	nor
Vaaler	properNoun	swe	Vaaler	properNoun	nor
Wa	properNoun	swe	Wa	properNoun	nor
Wadji	properNoun	swe	Wadji	properNoun	nor
Wahidullah	properNoun	swe	Wahidullah	properNoun	nor
Waits	properNoun	swe	Waits	properNoun	nor
Waksvik	properNoun	swe	Waksvik	properNoun	nor
Waldstads	properNoun	swe	Waldstads	properNoun	nor
Walesa	properNoun	swe	Walesa	properNoun	nor
Walkenhorst	properNoun	swe	Walkenhorst	properNoun	nor
Walsh	properNoun	swe	Walsh	properNoun	nor
Wanzhou	properNoun	swe	Wanzhou	properNoun	nor
Wardak	properNoun	swe	Wardak	properNoun	nor
Warmbier	properNoun	swe	Warmbier	properNoun	nor
Warner	properNoun	swe	Warner	properNoun	nor
Wasik	properNoun	swe	Wasik	properNoun	nor
Watabe	properNoun	swe	Watabe	properNoun	nor
Waterhouse	properNoun	swe	Waterhouse	properNoun	nor
Waters	properNoun	swe	Waters	properNoun	nor
Weatherhead	properNoun	swe	Weatherhead	properNoun	nor
Weidong	properNoun	swe	Weidong	properNoun	nor
Weinstein	properNoun	swe	Weinstein	properNoun	nor
Weirather	properNoun	swe	Weirather	properNoun	nor
Weng	properNoun	swe	Weng	properNoun	nor
Wengler	properNoun	swe	Wengler	properNoun	nor
Werenski	properNoun	swe	Werenski	properNoun	nor
Westher	properNoun	swe	Westher	properNoun	nor
Westvold	properNoun	swe	Westvold	properNoun	nor
Wetten	properNoun	swe	Wetten	properNoun	nor
Whitaker	properNoun	swe	Whitaker	properNoun	nor
Whitesides	properNoun	swe	Whitesides	properNoun	nor
Whittington	properNoun	swe	Whittington	properNoun	nor
Wickremesinghe	properNoun	swe	Wickremesinghe	properNoun	nor
Wiedey	properNoun	swe	Wiedey	properNoun	nor
Wiegert	properNoun	swe	Wiegert	properNoun	nor
Wierer	properNoun	swe	Wierer	properNoun	nor
Wiggins	properNoun	swe	Wiggins	properNoun	nor
Wigglesworth	properNoun	swe	Wigglesworth	properNoun	nor
Wijngaert	properNoun	swe	Wijngaert	properNoun	nor
Wilbur	properNoun	swe	Wilbur	properNoun	nor
Wilfredo	properNoun	swe	Wilfredo	properNoun	nor
Wilkens	properNoun	swe	Wilkens	properNoun	nor
Willand	properNoun	swe	Willand	properNoun	nor
Williamson	properNoun	swe	Williamson	properNoun	nor
Williamsons	properNoun	swe	Williamsons	properNoun	nor
Wilmann	properNoun	swe	Wilmann	properNoun	nor
Winberg	properNoun	swe	Winberg	properNoun	nor
Windingstad	properNoun	swe	Windingstad	properNoun	nor
Witherspoon	properNoun	swe	Witherspoon	properNoun	nor
Wivestad	properNoun	swe	Wivestad	properNoun	nor
Wolland	properNoun	swe	Wolland	properNoun	nor
Wonka	properNoun	swe	Wonka	properNoun	nor
Woodward	properNoun	swe	Woodward	properNoun	nor
Worley	properNoun	swe	Worley	properNoun	nor
Wormgoor	properNoun	swe	Wormgoor	properNoun	nor
Worsley	properNoun	swe	Worsley	properNoun	nor
Wrangler	properNoun	swe	Wrangler	properNoun	nor
Wu	properNoun	swe	Wu	properNoun	nor
Wutzler	properNoun	swe	Wutzler	properNoun	nor
Wyatt	properNoun	swe	Wyatt	properNoun	nor
Waade	properNoun	swe	Waade	properNoun	nor
Waage	properNoun	swe	Waage	properNoun	nor
Xi	properNoun	swe	Xi	properNoun	nor
Xie	properNoun	swe	Xie	properNoun	nor
Yair	properNoun	swe	Yair	properNoun	nor
Yamashita	properNoun	swe	Yamashita	properNoun	nor
Yangyi	properNoun	swe	Yangyi	properNoun	nor
Yapa	properNoun	swe	Yapa	properNoun	nor
Yasin	properNoun	swe	Yasin	properNoun	nor
Ying	properNoun	swe	Ying	properNoun	nor
Yingluck	properNoun	swe	Yingluck	properNoun	nor
Yitzhak	properNoun	swe	Yitzhak	properNoun	nor
Yoann	properNoun	swe	Yoann	properNoun	nor
Yobe	properNoun	swe	Yobe	properNoun	nor
Yong	properNoun	swe	Yong	properNoun	nor
Yoshihiro	properNoun	swe	Yoshihiro	properNoun	nor
Younger	properNoun	swe	Younger	properNoun	nor
Ytre	properNoun	swe	Ytre	properNoun	nor
Ytrehus	properNoun	swe	Ytrehus	properNoun	nor
Yu	properNoun	swe	Yu	properNoun	nor
Yui	properNoun	swe	Yui	properNoun	nor
Yukiya	properNoun	swe	Yukiya	properNoun	nor
Yves	properNoun	swe	Yves	properNoun	nor
Yvette	properNoun	swe	Yvette	properNoun	nor
Zabihullah	properNoun	swe	Zabihullah	properNoun	nor
Zabiullah	properNoun	swe	Zabiullah	properNoun	nor
Zach	properNoun	swe	Zach	properNoun	nor
Zaeel	properNoun	swe	Zaeel	properNoun	nor
Zak	properNoun	swe	Zak	properNoun	nor
Zakharova	properNoun	swe	Zakharova	properNoun	nor
Zalmay	properNoun	swe	Zalmay	properNoun	nor
Zangeneh	properNoun	swe	Zangeneh	properNoun	nor
Zaw	properNoun	swe	Zaw	properNoun	nor
Zemljanitsjenko	properNoun	swe	Zemljanitsjenko	properNoun	nor
Zenimoto	properNoun	swe	Zenimoto	properNoun	nor
Zentrale	properNoun	swe	Zentrale	properNoun	nor
Zeshan	properNoun	swe	Zeshan	properNoun	nor
Zeuthen	properNoun	swe	Zeuthen	properNoun	nor
Zhenhua	properNoun	swe	Zhenhua	properNoun	nor
Zhumatov	properNoun	swe	Zhumatov	properNoun	nor
Zinkes	properNoun	swe	Zinkes	properNoun	nor
Zobernig	properNoun	swe	Zobernig	properNoun	nor
Zuccarello	properNoun	swe	Zuccarello	properNoun	nor
Zuckerberg	properNoun	swe	Zuckerberg	properNoun	nor
Zyla	properNoun	swe	Zyla	properNoun	nor
Aakvaag	properNoun	swe	Aakvaag	properNoun	nor
Aalborg	properNoun	swe	Aalborg	properNoun	nor
Aalbu	properNoun	swe	Aalbu	properNoun	nor
Aaron	properNoun	swe	Aaron	properNoun	nor
Aaserud	properNoun	swe	Aaserud	properNoun	nor
Aasland	properNoun	swe	Aasland	properNoun	nor
Saba	properNoun	swe	Saba	properNoun	nor
Angelica	properNoun	swe	Angelica	properNoun	nor
Erica	properNoun	swe	Erica	properNoun	nor
Bianca	properNoun	swe	Bianca	properNoun	nor
Melinda	properNoun	swe	Melinda	properNoun	nor
Kinga	properNoun	swe	Kinga	properNoun	nor
Erga	properNoun	swe	Erga	properNoun	nor
Asha	properNoun	swe	Asha	properNoun	nor
Natasha	properNoun	swe	Natasha	properNoun	nor
Aisha	properNoun	swe	Aisha	properNoun	nor
Alicia	properNoun	swe	Alicia	properNoun	nor
Felicia	properNoun	swe	Felicia	properNoun	nor
Sadia	properNoun	swe	Sadia	properNoun	nor
Lidia	properNoun	swe	Lidia	properNoun	nor
Claudia	properNoun	swe	Claudia	properNoun	nor
Klaudia	properNoun	swe	Klaudia	properNoun	nor
Natalia	properNoun	swe	Natalia	properNoun	nor
Cornelia	properNoun	swe	Cornelia	properNoun	nor
Kornelia	properNoun	swe	Kornelia	properNoun	nor
Daria	properNoun	swe	Daria	properNoun	nor
Anne Maria	properNoun	swe	Anne Maria	properNoun	nor
Wiktoria	properNoun	swe	Wiktoria	properNoun	nor
Oliwia	properNoun	swe	Oliwia	properNoun	nor
Sylwia	properNoun	swe	Sylwia	properNoun	nor
Alicja	properNoun	swe	Alicja	properNoun	nor
Patrycja	properNoun	swe	Patrycja	properNoun	nor
Nadja	properNoun	swe	Nadja	properNoun	nor
Khadija	properNoun	swe	Khadija	properNoun	nor
Marija	properNoun	swe	Marija	properNoun	nor
Viktorija	properNoun	swe	Viktorija	properNoun	nor
Rebecka	properNoun	swe	Rebecka	properNoun	nor
Weronika	properNoun	swe	Weronika	properNoun	nor
Agnieszka	properNoun	swe	Agnieszka	properNoun	nor
Embla	properNoun	swe	Embla	properNoun	nor
Izabela	properNoun	swe	Izabela	properNoun	nor
Daniela	properNoun	swe	Daniela	properNoun	nor
Gabriella	properNoun	swe	Gabriella	properNoun	nor
Milla	properNoun	swe	Milla	properNoun	nor
Carla	properNoun	swe	Carla	properNoun	nor
Sturla	properNoun	swe	Sturla	properNoun	nor
Ayla	properNoun	swe	Ayla	properNoun	nor
Jama	properNoun	swe	Jama	properNoun	nor
Naima	properNoun	swe	Naima	properNoun	nor
Halima	properNoun	swe	Halima	properNoun	nor
Vilma	properNoun	swe	Vilma	properNoun	nor
Wilma	properNoun	swe	Wilma	properNoun	nor
Oma	properNoun	swe	Oma	properNoun	nor
Ma	properNoun	swe	Ma	properNoun	nor
Asma	properNoun	swe	Asma	properNoun	nor
Fatma	properNoun	swe	Fatma	properNoun	nor
Hana	properNoun	swe	Hana	properNoun	nor
Ariana	properNoun	swe	Ariana	properNoun	nor
Adriana	properNoun	swe	Adriana	properNoun	nor
Lana	properNoun	swe	Lana	properNoun	nor
Elena	properNoun	swe	Elena	properNoun	nor
Milena	properNoun	swe	Milena	properNoun	nor
Olena	properNoun	swe	Olena	properNoun	nor
Irena	properNoun	swe	Irena	properNoun	nor
Marzena	properNoun	swe	Marzena	properNoun	nor
Sabina	properNoun	swe	Sabina	properNoun	nor
Galina	properNoun	swe	Galina	properNoun	nor
Melina	properNoun	swe	Melina	properNoun	nor
Selina	properNoun	swe	Selina	properNoun	nor
Evelina	properNoun	swe	Evelina	properNoun	nor
Ewelina	properNoun	swe	Ewelina	properNoun	nor
Emina	properNoun	swe	Emina	properNoun	nor
Ekaterina	properNoun	swe	Ekaterina	properNoun	nor
Cristina	properNoun	swe	Cristina	properNoun	nor
Amna	properNoun	swe	Amna	properNoun	nor
Zuzanna	properNoun	swe	Zuzanna	properNoun	nor
Leona	properNoun	swe	Leona	properNoun	nor
Fiona	properNoun	swe	Fiona	properNoun	nor
Ramona	properNoun	swe	Ramona	properNoun	nor
Iwona	properNoun	swe	Iwona	properNoun	nor
Muna	properNoun	swe	Muna	properNoun	nor
Martyna	properNoun	swe	Martyna	properNoun	nor
Justyna	properNoun	swe	Justyna	properNoun	nor
Krystyna	properNoun	swe	Krystyna	properNoun	nor
Grazyna	properNoun	swe	Grazyna	properNoun	nor
Katarzyna	properNoun	swe	Katarzyna	properNoun	nor
Joa	properNoun	swe	Joa	properNoun	nor
Filippa	properNoun	swe	Filippa	properNoun	nor
Tamara	properNoun	swe	Tamara	properNoun	nor
Sahra	properNoun	swe	Sahra	properNoun	nor
Zahra	properNoun	swe	Zahra	properNoun	nor
Amira	properNoun	swe	Amira	properNoun	nor
Samira	properNoun	swe	Samira	properNoun	nor
Tyra	properNoun	swe	Tyra	properNoun	nor
Nessa	properNoun	swe	Nessa	properNoun	nor
Melissa	properNoun	swe	Melissa	properNoun	nor
Frøysa	properNoun	swe	Frøysa	properNoun	nor
Agata	properNoun	swe	Agata	properNoun	nor
Renata	properNoun	swe	Renata	properNoun	nor
Malgorzata	properNoun	swe	Malgorzata	properNoun	nor
Elzbieta	properNoun	swe	Elzbieta	properNoun	nor
Aneta	properNoun	swe	Aneta	properNoun	nor
Edita	properNoun	swe	Edita	properNoun	nor
Jurgita	properNoun	swe	Jurgita	properNoun	nor
Margarita	properNoun	swe	Margarita	properNoun	nor
Jolanta	properNoun	swe	Jolanta	properNoun	nor
Dorota	properNoun	swe	Dorota	properNoun	nor
Danuta	properNoun	swe	Danuta	properNoun	nor
Edyta	properNoun	swe	Edyta	properNoun	nor
Ieva	properNoun	swe	Ieva	properNoun	nor
Alva	properNoun	swe	Alva	properNoun	nor
Ewa	properNoun	swe	Ewa	properNoun	nor
Eliza	properNoun	swe	Eliza	properNoun	nor
Hamza	properNoun	swe	Hamza	properNoun	nor
Mirza	properNoun	swe	Mirza	properNoun	nor
Zainab	properNoun	swe	Zainab	properNoun	nor
Ngoc	properNoun	swe	Ngoc	properNoun	nor
Arshad	properNoun	swe	Arshad	properNoun	nor
Muhammad	properNoun	swe	Muhammad	properNoun	nor
Harkestad	properNoun	swe	Harkestad	properNoun	nor
Hallingstad	properNoun	swe	Hallingstad	properNoun	nor
Urstad	properNoun	swe	Urstad	properNoun	nor
Dybwad	properNoun	swe	Dybwad	properNoun	nor
Mahamed	properNoun	swe	Mahamed	properNoun	nor
Syed	properNoun	swe	Syed	properNoun	nor
Haraldseid	properNoun	swe	Haraldseid	properNoun	nor
Khalid	properNoun	swe	Khalid	properNoun	nor
Mandelid	properNoun	swe	Mandelid	properNoun	nor
Espelid	properNoun	swe	Espelid	properNoun	nor
Øvrelid	properNoun	swe	Øvrelid	properNoun	nor
Hauglid	properNoun	swe	Hauglid	properNoun	nor
Hamid	properNoun	swe	Hamid	properNoun	nor
Hild	properNoun	swe	Hild	properNoun	nor
Frivold	properNoun	swe	Frivold	properNoun	nor
Kaland	properNoun	swe	Kaland	properNoun	nor
Laland	properNoun	swe	Laland	properNoun	nor
Hadland	properNoun	swe	Hadland	properNoun	nor
Madland	properNoun	swe	Madland	properNoun	nor
Edland	properNoun	swe	Edland	properNoun	nor
Leidland	properNoun	swe	Leidland	properNoun	nor
Idland	properNoun	swe	Idland	properNoun	nor
Nodland	properNoun	swe	Nodland	properNoun	nor
Kydland	properNoun	swe	Kydland	properNoun	nor
Aadland	properNoun	swe	Aadland	properNoun	nor
Haddeland	properNoun	swe	Haddeland	properNoun	nor
Engeland	properNoun	swe	Engeland	properNoun	nor
Dyngeland	properNoun	swe	Dyngeland	properNoun	nor
Fidjeland	properNoun	swe	Fidjeland	properNoun	nor
Byrkjeland	properNoun	swe	Byrkjeland	properNoun	nor
Ekeland	properNoun	swe	Ekeland	properNoun	nor
Halleland	properNoun	swe	Halleland	properNoun	nor
Lilleland	properNoun	swe	Lilleland	properNoun	nor
Lomeland	properNoun	swe	Lomeland	properNoun	nor
Hodneland	properNoun	swe	Hodneland	properNoun	nor
Apeland	properNoun	swe	Apeland	properNoun	nor
Neteland	properNoun	swe	Neteland	properNoun	nor
Hatteland	properNoun	swe	Hatteland	properNoun	nor
Wetteland	properNoun	swe	Wetteland	properNoun	nor
Kleiveland	properNoun	swe	Kleiveland	properNoun	nor
Hagland	properNoun	swe	Hagland	properNoun	nor
Hegland	properNoun	swe	Hegland	properNoun	nor
Igland	properNoun	swe	Igland	properNoun	nor
Klungland	properNoun	swe	Klungland	properNoun	nor
Ugland	properNoun	swe	Ugland	properNoun	nor
Frøiland	properNoun	swe	Frøiland	properNoun	nor
Haukland	properNoun	swe	Haukland	properNoun	nor
Mykland	properNoun	swe	Mykland	properNoun	nor
Økland	properNoun	swe	Økland	properNoun	nor
Dalland	properNoun	swe	Dalland	properNoun	nor
Kalland	properNoun	swe	Kalland	properNoun	nor
Folland	properNoun	swe	Folland	properNoun	nor
Molland	properNoun	swe	Molland	properNoun	nor
Ulland	properNoun	swe	Ulland	properNoun	nor
Hølland	properNoun	swe	Hølland	properNoun	nor
Fimland	properNoun	swe	Fimland	properNoun	nor
Oland	properNoun	swe	Oland	properNoun	nor
Opland	properNoun	swe	Opland	properNoun	nor
Emberland	properNoun	swe	Emberland	properNoun	nor
Berland	properNoun	swe	Berland	properNoun	nor
Fagerland	properNoun	swe	Fagerland	properNoun	nor
Forland	properNoun	swe	Forland	properNoun	nor
Morland	properNoun	swe	Morland	properNoun	nor
Norland	properNoun	swe	Norland	properNoun	nor
Myrland	properNoun	swe	Myrland	properNoun	nor
Nærland	properNoun	swe	Nærland	properNoun	nor
Mørland	properNoun	swe	Mørland	properNoun	nor
Kvinnesland	properNoun	swe	Kvinnesland	properNoun	nor
Nesland	properNoun	swe	Nesland	properNoun	nor
Dagsland	properNoun	swe	Dagsland	properNoun	nor
Ljosland	properNoun	swe	Ljosland	properNoun	nor
Ersland	properNoun	swe	Ersland	properNoun	nor
Aarsland	properNoun	swe	Aarsland	properNoun	nor
Fossland	properNoun	swe	Fossland	properNoun	nor
Ausland	properNoun	swe	Ausland	properNoun	nor
Gåsland	properNoun	swe	Gåsland	properNoun	nor
Hatland	properNoun	swe	Hatland	properNoun	nor
Natland	properNoun	swe	Natland	properNoun	nor
Fotland	properNoun	swe	Fotland	properNoun	nor
Nevland	properNoun	swe	Nevland	properNoun	nor
Frøland	properNoun	swe	Frøland	properNoun	nor
Mjåland	properNoun	swe	Mjåland	properNoun	nor
Aaland	properNoun	swe	Aaland	properNoun	nor
Bjerkestrand	properNoun	swe	Bjerkestrand	properNoun	nor
Mellemstrand	properNoun	swe	Mellemstrand	properNoun	nor
Nystrand	properNoun	swe	Nystrand	properNoun	nor
Aarsand	properNoun	swe	Aarsand	properNoun	nor
Kind	properNoun	swe	Kind	properNoun	nor
Hovind	properNoun	swe	Hovind	properNoun	nor
Eyvind	properNoun	swe	Eyvind	properNoun	nor
Engelund	properNoun	swe	Engelund	properNoun	nor
Ekelund	properNoun	swe	Ekelund	properNoun	nor
Bjerkelund	properNoun	swe	Bjerkelund	properNoun	nor
Englund	properNoun	swe	Englund	properNoun	nor
Høglund	properNoun	swe	Høglund	properNoun	nor
Eklund	properNoun	swe	Eklund	properNoun	nor
Hollund	properNoun	swe	Hollund	properNoun	nor
Molund	properNoun	swe	Molund	properNoun	nor
Westerlund	properNoun	swe	Westerlund	properNoun	nor
Aaslund	properNoun	swe	Aaslund	properNoun	nor
Østlund	properNoun	swe	Østlund	properNoun	nor
Asmund	properNoun	swe	Asmund	properNoun	nor
Aasmund	properNoun	swe	Aasmund	properNoun	nor
Misund	properNoun	swe	Misund	properNoun	nor
Naalsund	properNoun	swe	Naalsund	properNoun	nor
Førsund	properNoun	swe	Førsund	properNoun	nor
Lausund	properNoun	swe	Lausund	properNoun	nor
Gjøsund	properNoun	swe	Gjøsund	properNoun	nor
Jåsund	properNoun	swe	Jåsund	properNoun	nor
Brænd	properNoun	swe	Brænd	properNoun	nor
Lillejord	properNoun	swe	Lillejord	properNoun	nor
Frafjord	properNoun	swe	Frafjord	properNoun	nor
Lindgaard	properNoun	swe	Lindgaard	properNoun	nor
Lillegård	properNoun	swe	Lillegård	properNoun	nor
Negård	properNoun	swe	Negård	properNoun	nor
Nedregård	properNoun	swe	Nedregård	properNoun	nor
Prestegård	properNoun	swe	Prestegård	properNoun	nor
Indergård	properNoun	swe	Indergård	properNoun	nor
Lysgård	properNoun	swe	Lysgård	properNoun	nor
Westgård	properNoun	swe	Westgård	properNoun	nor
Østgård	properNoun	swe	Østgård	properNoun	nor
Utgård	properNoun	swe	Utgård	properNoun	nor
Mahamud	properNoun	swe	Mahamud	properNoun	nor
Mohamud	properNoun	swe	Mohamud	properNoun	nor
Mahmoud	properNoun	swe	Mahmoud	properNoun	nor
Hovd	properNoun	swe	Hovd	properNoun	nor
Hatice	properNoun	swe	Hatice	properNoun	nor
Nordeide	properNoun	swe	Nordeide	properNoun	nor
Hareide	properNoun	swe	Hareide	properNoun	nor
Fjæreide	properNoun	swe	Fjæreide	properNoun	nor
Malde	properNoun	swe	Malde	properNoun	nor
Walde	properNoun	swe	Walde	properNoun	nor
Vilde	properNoun	swe	Vilde	properNoun	nor
Desiree	properNoun	swe	Desiree	properNoun	nor
Mossige	properNoun	swe	Mossige	properNoun	nor
Jan Helge	properNoun	swe	Jan Helge	properNoun	nor
Jan Inge	properNoun	swe	Jan Inge	properNoun	nor
Janniche	properNoun	swe	Janniche	properNoun	nor
Anne Grethe	properNoun	swe	Anne Grethe	properNoun	nor
Anne Margrethe	properNoun	swe	Anne Margrethe	properNoun	nor
Inger Margrethe	properNoun	swe	Inger Margrethe	properNoun	nor
Munthe	properNoun	swe	Munthe	properNoun	nor
Anne Sofie	properNoun	swe	Anne Sofie	properNoun	nor
Anne-Sofie	properNoun	swe	Anne-Sofie	properNoun	nor
Amlie	properNoun	swe	Amlie	properNoun	nor
Mie	properNoun	swe	Mie	properNoun	nor
Melanie	properNoun	swe	Melanie	properNoun	nor
Jennie	properNoun	swe	Jennie	properNoun	nor
Ronnie	properNoun	swe	Ronnie	properNoun	nor
Ida Marie	properNoun	swe	Ida Marie	properNoun	nor
Anna Marie	properNoun	swe	Anna Marie	properNoun	nor
Eva Marie	properNoun	swe	Eva Marie	properNoun	nor
Ingrid Marie	properNoun	swe	Ingrid Marie	properNoun	nor
Astrid Marie	properNoun	swe	Astrid Marie	properNoun	nor
Hilde Marie	properNoun	swe	Hilde Marie	properNoun	nor
Silje Marie	properNoun	swe	Silje Marie	properNoun	nor
Anne Marie	properNoun	swe	Anne Marie	properNoun	nor
Else Marie	properNoun	swe	Else Marie	properNoun	nor
Åse Marie	properNoun	swe	Åse Marie	properNoun	nor
Solveig Marie	properNoun	swe	Solveig Marie	properNoun	nor
Ellen Marie	properNoun	swe	Ellen Marie	properNoun	nor
Karen Marie	properNoun	swe	Karen Marie	properNoun	nor
Inger Marie	properNoun	swe	Inger Marie	properNoun	nor
Else-Marie	properNoun	swe	Else-Marie	properNoun	nor
Fidje	properNoun	swe	Fidje	properNoun	nor
Urke	properNoun	swe	Urke	properNoun	nor
Hidle	properNoun	swe	Hidle	properNoun	nor
Gabriele	properNoun	swe	Gabriele	properNoun	nor
Madelene	properNoun	swe	Madelene	properNoun	nor
Anne Helene	properNoun	swe	Anne Helene	properNoun	nor
Inger Helene	properNoun	swe	Inger Helene	properNoun	nor
Ragne	properNoun	swe	Ragne	properNoun	nor
Sabine	properNoun	swe	Sabine	properNoun	nor
Nadine	properNoun	swe	Nadine	properNoun	nor
Josephine	properNoun	swe	Josephine	properNoun	nor
Emine	properNoun	swe	Emine	properNoun	nor
Carine	properNoun	swe	Carine	properNoun	nor
Anne Cathrine	properNoun	swe	Anne Cathrine	properNoun	nor
Anne Kristine	properNoun	swe	Anne Kristine	properNoun	nor
Kart Anne	properNoun	swe	Kart Anne	properNoun	nor
Inger Johanne	properNoun	swe	Inger Johanne	properNoun	nor
Odd Arne	properNoun	swe	Odd Arne	properNoun	nor
Kjell Arne	properNoun	swe	Kjell Arne	properNoun	nor
Svein Arne	properNoun	swe	Svein Arne	properNoun	nor
Per Arne	properNoun	swe	Per Arne	properNoun	nor
Geir Arne	properNoun	swe	Geir Arne	properNoun	nor
Tor Arne	properNoun	swe	Tor Arne	properNoun	nor
Knut Arne	properNoun	swe	Knut Arne	properNoun	nor
Kim Andre	properNoun	swe	Kim Andre	properNoun	nor
Jan Tore	properNoun	swe	Jan Tore	properNoun	nor
Bjørn Tore	properNoun	swe	Bjørn Tore	properNoun	nor
Bævre	properNoun	swe	Bævre	properNoun	nor
Øwre	properNoun	swe	Øwre	properNoun	nor
Myre	properNoun	swe	Myre	properNoun	nor
Trine Lise	properNoun	swe	Trine Lise	properNoun	nor
Anne Lise	properNoun	swe	Anne Lise	properNoun	nor
Inger Lise	properNoun	swe	Inger Lise	properNoun	nor
Fykse	properNoun	swe	Fykse	properNoun	nor
Ayse	properNoun	swe	Ayse	properNoun	nor
Anne Grete	properNoun	swe	Anne Grete	properNoun	nor
Fimreite	properNoun	swe	Fimreite	properNoun	nor
Anne Mette	properNoun	swe	Anne Mette	properNoun	nor
Anne-Mette	properNoun	swe	Anne-Mette	properNoun	nor
Jan Ove	properNoun	swe	Jan Ove	properNoun	nor
Geir Ove	properNoun	swe	Geir Ove	properNoun	nor
Djuve	properNoun	swe	Djuve	properNoun	nor
Marit Synnøve	properNoun	swe	Marit Synnøve	properNoun	nor
Aae	properNoun	swe	Aae	properNoun	nor
Wolff	properNoun	swe	Wolff	properNoun	nor
Krzysztof	properNoun	swe	Krzysztof	properNoun	nor
Yusuf	properNoun	swe	Yusuf	properNoun	nor
Yusuf	properNoun	swe	Yusuf	properNoun	nor
Zhang	properNoun	swe	Zhang	properNoun	nor
Yang	properNoun	swe	Yang	properNoun	nor
Myreng	properNoun	swe	Myreng	properNoun	nor
Phuong	properNoun	swe	Phuong	properNoun	nor
Wong	properNoun	swe	Wong	properNoun	nor
Grønberg	properNoun	swe	Grønberg	properNoun	nor
Lysberg	properNoun	swe	Lysberg	properNoun	nor
Wiborg	properNoun	swe	Wiborg	properNoun	nor
Grindhaug	properNoun	swe	Grindhaug	properNoun	nor
Kvilhaug	properNoun	swe	Kvilhaug	properNoun	nor
Okkenhaug	properNoun	swe	Okkenhaug	properNoun	nor
Grønhaug	properNoun	swe	Grønhaug	properNoun	nor
Ophaug	properNoun	swe	Ophaug	properNoun	nor
Walderhaug	properNoun	swe	Walderhaug	properNoun	nor
Norderhaug	properNoun	swe	Norderhaug	properNoun	nor
Fagerhaug	properNoun	swe	Fagerhaug	properNoun	nor
Dyrhaug	properNoun	swe	Dyrhaug	properNoun	nor
Myrhaug	properNoun	swe	Myrhaug	properNoun	nor
Oshaug	properNoun	swe	Oshaug	properNoun	nor
Lyshaug	properNoun	swe	Lyshaug	properNoun	nor
Frøshaug	properNoun	swe	Frøshaug	properNoun	nor
Uthaug	properNoun	swe	Uthaug	properNoun	nor
Husevåg	properNoun	swe	Husevåg	properNoun	nor
Kvalvåg	properNoun	swe	Kvalvåg	properNoun	nor
Leah	properNoun	swe	Leah	properNoun	nor
Farah	properNoun	swe	Farah	properNoun	nor
Norah	properNoun	swe	Norah	properNoun	nor
Hendrich	properNoun	swe	Hendrich	properNoun	nor
Fatemeh	properNoun	swe	Fatemeh	properNoun	nor
Thanh	properNoun	swe	Thanh	properNoun	nor
Thanh	properNoun	swe	Thanh	properNoun	nor
Anne Elisabeth	properNoun	swe	Anne Elisabeth	properNoun	nor
Inger Elisabeth	properNoun	swe	Inger Elisabeth	properNoun	nor
Ahmadi	properNoun	swe	Ahmadi	properNoun	nor
Mohammadi	properNoun	swe	Mohammadi	properNoun	nor
Moradi	properNoun	swe	Moradi	properNoun	nor
Otterlei	properNoun	swe	Otterlei	properNoun	nor
Horvei	properNoun	swe	Horvei	properNoun	nor
Abdullahi	properNoun	swe	Abdullahi	properNoun	nor
Abdullahi	properNoun	swe	Abdullahi	properNoun	nor
Gashi	properNoun	swe	Gashi	properNoun	nor
Thi	properNoun	swe	Thi	properNoun	nor
Karimi	properNoun	swe	Karimi	properNoun	nor
Elmi	properNoun	swe	Elmi	properNoun	nor
Leni	properNoun	swe	Leni	properNoun	nor
Krasniqi	properNoun	swe	Krasniqi	properNoun	nor
Anne Kari	properNoun	swe	Anne Kari	properNoun	nor
Anne-Kari	properNoun	swe	Anne-Kari	properNoun	nor
Anne Mari	properNoun	swe	Anne Mari	properNoun	nor
Yri	properNoun	swe	Yri	properNoun	nor
Bhatti	properNoun	swe	Bhatti	properNoun	nor
Bui	properNoun	swe	Bui	properNoun	nor
Levi	properNoun	swe	Levi	properNoun	nor
Andrzej	properNoun	swe	Andrzej	properNoun	nor
Nowak	properNoun	swe	Nowak	properNoun	nor
Wojcik	properNoun	swe	Wojcik	properNoun	nor
Tom Erik	properNoun	swe	Tom Erik	properNoun	nor
Jan Erik	properNoun	swe	Jan Erik	properNoun	nor
Stein Erik	properNoun	swe	Stein Erik	properNoun	nor
Svein Erik	properNoun	swe	Svein Erik	properNoun	nor
Bjørn Erik	properNoun	swe	Bjørn Erik	properNoun	nor
Per Erik	properNoun	swe	Per Erik	properNoun	nor
Tor Erik	properNoun	swe	Tor Erik	properNoun	nor
Lars Erik	properNoun	swe	Lars Erik	properNoun	nor
Knut Erik	properNoun	swe	Knut Erik	properNoun	nor
Brandvik	properNoun	swe	Brandvik	properNoun	nor
Brudvik	properNoun	swe	Brudvik	properNoun	nor
Hoddevik	properNoun	swe	Hoddevik	properNoun	nor
Eldevik	properNoun	swe	Eldevik	properNoun	nor
Engevik	properNoun	swe	Engevik	properNoun	nor
Kallevik	properNoun	swe	Kallevik	properNoun	nor
Hellevik	properNoun	swe	Hellevik	properNoun	nor
Lillevik	properNoun	swe	Lillevik	properNoun	nor
Hatlevik	properNoun	swe	Hatlevik	properNoun	nor
Grønnevik	properNoun	swe	Grønnevik	properNoun	nor
Hjørnevik	properNoun	swe	Hjørnevik	properNoun	nor
Kvalvik	properNoun	swe	Kvalvik	properNoun	nor
Hjelvik	properNoun	swe	Hjelvik	properNoun	nor
Grønvik	properNoun	swe	Grønvik	properNoun	nor
Djupvik	properNoun	swe	Djupvik	properNoun	nor
Fagervik	properNoun	swe	Fagervik	properNoun	nor
Gjervik	properNoun	swe	Gjervik	properNoun	nor
Yttervik	properNoun	swe	Yttervik	properNoun	nor
Overvik	properNoun	swe	Overvik	properNoun	nor
Orvik	properNoun	swe	Orvik	properNoun	nor
Kjærvik	properNoun	swe	Kjærvik	properNoun	nor
Gjersvik	properNoun	swe	Gjersvik	properNoun	nor
Kjørsvik	properNoun	swe	Kjørsvik	properNoun	nor
Eltvik	properNoun	swe	Eltvik	properNoun	nor
Bruvik	properNoun	swe	Bruvik	properNoun	nor
Kyvik	properNoun	swe	Kyvik	properNoun	nor
Elvebakk	properNoun	swe	Elvebakk	properNoun	nor
Nybakk	properNoun	swe	Nybakk	properNoun	nor
Fossmark	properNoun	swe	Fossmark	properNoun	nor
Nymark	properNoun	swe	Nymark	properNoun	nor
Langedal	properNoun	swe	Langedal	properNoun	nor
Gjengedal	properNoun	swe	Gjengedal	properNoun	nor
Engedal	properNoun	swe	Engedal	properNoun	nor
Bringedal	properNoun	swe	Bringedal	properNoun	nor
Hesjedal	properNoun	swe	Hesjedal	properNoun	nor
Folkedal	properNoun	swe	Folkedal	properNoun	nor
Eskedal	properNoun	swe	Eskedal	properNoun	nor
Haukedal	properNoun	swe	Haukedal	properNoun	nor
Malmedal	properNoun	swe	Malmedal	properNoun	nor
Holmedal	properNoun	swe	Holmedal	properNoun	nor
Kommedal	properNoun	swe	Kommedal	properNoun	nor
Ommedal	properNoun	swe	Ommedal	properNoun	nor
Opedal	properNoun	swe	Opedal	properNoun	nor
Espedal	properNoun	swe	Espedal	properNoun	nor
Bredal	properNoun	swe	Bredal	properNoun	nor
Oftedal	properNoun	swe	Oftedal	properNoun	nor
Øvstedal	properNoun	swe	Øvstedal	properNoun	nor
Engdal	properNoun	swe	Engdal	properNoun	nor
Lidal	properNoun	swe	Lidal	properNoun	nor
Heldal	properNoun	swe	Heldal	properNoun	nor
Kildal	properNoun	swe	Kildal	properNoun	nor
Kvandal	properNoun	swe	Kvandal	properNoun	nor
Endal	properNoun	swe	Endal	properNoun	nor
Herfindal	properNoun	swe	Herfindal	properNoun	nor
Lindal	properNoun	swe	Lindal	properNoun	nor
Lundal	properNoun	swe	Lundal	properNoun	nor
Mundal	properNoun	swe	Mundal	properNoun	nor
Grøndal	properNoun	swe	Grøndal	properNoun	nor
Fardal	properNoun	swe	Fardal	properNoun	nor
Mardal	properNoun	swe	Mardal	properNoun	nor
Nerdal	properNoun	swe	Nerdal	properNoun	nor
Neverdal	properNoun	swe	Neverdal	properNoun	nor
Dirdal	properNoun	swe	Dirdal	properNoun	nor
Leirdal	properNoun	swe	Leirdal	properNoun	nor
Jordal	properNoun	swe	Jordal	properNoun	nor
Urdal	properNoun	swe	Urdal	properNoun	nor
Dyrdal	properNoun	swe	Dyrdal	properNoun	nor
Merkesdal	properNoun	swe	Merkesdal	properNoun	nor
Dvergsdal	properNoun	swe	Dvergsdal	properNoun	nor
Haugsdal	properNoun	swe	Haugsdal	properNoun	nor
Hannisdal	properNoun	swe	Hannisdal	properNoun	nor
Isdal	properNoun	swe	Isdal	properNoun	nor
Fiksdal	properNoun	swe	Fiksdal	properNoun	nor
Kvamsdal	properNoun	swe	Kvamsdal	properNoun	nor
Josdal	properNoun	swe	Josdal	properNoun	nor
Fossdal	properNoun	swe	Fossdal	properNoun	nor
Maudal	properNoun	swe	Maudal	properNoun	nor
Nævdal	properNoun	swe	Nævdal	properNoun	nor
Løvdal	properNoun	swe	Løvdal	properNoun	nor
Nydal	properNoun	swe	Nydal	properNoun	nor
Bilal	properNoun	swe	Bilal	properNoun	nor
Amal	properNoun	swe	Amal	properNoun	nor
Amdahl	properNoun	swe	Amdahl	properNoun	nor
Aandahl	properNoun	swe	Aandahl	properNoun	nor
Gravdahl	properNoun	swe	Gravdahl	properNoun	nor
Pihl	properNoun	swe	Pihl	properNoun	nor
Jan Egil	properNoun	swe	Jan Egil	properNoun	nor
Tirill	properNoun	swe	Tirill	properNoun	nor
Brudevoll	properNoun	swe	Brudevoll	properNoun	nor
Leikvoll	properNoun	swe	Leikvoll	properNoun	nor
Brunvoll	properNoun	swe	Brunvoll	properNoun	nor
Bruvoll	properNoun	swe	Bruvoll	properNoun	nor
Nyvoll	properNoun	swe	Nyvoll	properNoun	nor
Løvoll	properNoun	swe	Løvoll	properNoun	nor
Bjørshol	properNoun	swe	Bjørshol	properNoun	nor
Lillestøl	properNoun	swe	Lillestøl	properNoun	nor
Lundekvam	properNoun	swe	Lundekvam	properNoun	nor
Maryam	properNoun	swe	Maryam	properNoun	nor
Gjedrem	properNoun	swe	Gjedrem	properNoun	nor
Ekrem	properNoun	swe	Ekrem	properNoun	nor
Fagerheim	properNoun	swe	Fagerheim	properNoun	nor
Westerheim	properNoun	swe	Westerheim	properNoun	nor
Bærheim	properNoun	swe	Bærheim	properNoun	nor
Njærheim	properNoun	swe	Njærheim	properNoun	nor
Utheim	properNoun	swe	Utheim	properNoun	nor
Bruheim	properNoun	swe	Bruheim	properNoun	nor
Karim	properNoun	swe	Karim	properNoun	nor
Yildrim	properNoun	swe	Yildrim	properNoun	nor
Lindholm	properNoun	swe	Lindholm	properNoun	nor
Langholm	properNoun	swe	Langholm	properNoun	nor
Warholm	properNoun	swe	Warholm	properNoun	nor
Allum	properNoun	swe	Allum	properNoun	nor
Lærum	properNoun	swe	Lærum	properNoun	nor
Kanestrøm	properNoun	swe	Kanestrøm	properNoun	nor
Aam	properNoun	swe	Aam	properNoun	nor
Adan	properNoun	swe	Adan	properNoun	nor
Ole Johan	properNoun	swe	Ole Johan	properNoun	nor
Bastian	properNoun	swe	Bastian	properNoun	nor
Ole Christian	properNoun	swe	Ole Christian	properNoun	nor
Per Christian	properNoun	swe	Per Christian	properNoun	nor
Hans Christian	properNoun	swe	Hans Christian	properNoun	nor
Ole Kristian	properNoun	swe	Ole Kristian	properNoun	nor
Per Kristian	properNoun	swe	Per Kristian	properNoun	nor
Hans Kristian	properNoun	swe	Hans Kristian	properNoun	nor
Lars Kristian	properNoun	swe	Lars Kristian	properNoun	nor
Abdirahman	properNoun	swe	Abdirahman	properNoun	nor
Iman	properNoun	swe	Iman	properNoun	nor
Hanan	properNoun	swe	Hanan	properNoun	nor
Adnan	properNoun	swe	Adnan	properNoun	nor
Doan	properNoun	swe	Doan	properNoun	nor
Hasan	properNoun	swe	Hasan	properNoun	nor
Ayan	properNoun	swe	Ayan	properNoun	nor
Maryan	properNoun	swe	Maryan	properNoun	nor
Iben	properNoun	swe	Iben	properNoun	nor
Molden	properNoun	swe	Molden	properNoun	nor
Ødegården	properNoun	swe	Ødegården	properNoun	nor
Parveen	properNoun	swe	Parveen	properNoun	nor
Nordengen	properNoun	swe	Nordengen	properNoun	nor
Lilleengen	properNoun	swe	Lilleengen	properNoun	nor
Gjerdingen	properNoun	swe	Gjerdingen	properNoun	nor
Langørgen	properNoun	swe	Langørgen	properNoun	nor
Ole Jørgen	properNoun	swe	Ole Jørgen	properNoun	nor
Hans Jørgen	properNoun	swe	Hans Jørgen	properNoun	nor
Ole-Jørgen	properNoun	swe	Ole-Jørgen	properNoun	nor
Løchen	properNoun	swe	Løchen	properNoun	nor
Kvien	properNoun	swe	Kvien	properNoun	nor
Engebakken	properNoun	swe	Engebakken	properNoun	nor
Brobakken	properNoun	swe	Brobakken	properNoun	nor
Brubakken	properNoun	swe	Brubakken	properNoun	nor
Nybakken	properNoun	swe	Nybakken	properNoun	nor
Grøndalen	properNoun	swe	Grøndalen	properNoun	nor
Jordalen	properNoun	swe	Jordalen	properNoun	nor
Ann Helen	properNoun	swe	Ann Helen	properNoun	nor
Eilen	properNoun	swe	Eilen	properNoun	nor
Carmen	properNoun	swe	Carmen	properNoun	nor
Nymoen	properNoun	swe	Nymoen	properNoun	nor
Dahlgren	properNoun	swe	Dahlgren	properNoun	nor
Ole Morten	properNoun	swe	Ole Morten	properNoun	nor
Tosten	properNoun	swe	Tosten	properNoun	nor
Nguyen	properNoun	swe	Nguyen	properNoun	nor
Frøyen	properNoun	swe	Frøyen	properNoun	nor
Edin	properNoun	swe	Edin	properNoun	nor
Malin	properNoun	swe	Malin	properNoun	nor
Yasmin	properNoun	swe	Yasmin	properNoun	nor
Anne Karin	properNoun	swe	Anne Karin	properNoun	nor
Else Karin	properNoun	swe	Else Karin	properNoun	nor
Ann Karin	properNoun	swe	Ann Karin	properNoun	nor
Inger Karin	properNoun	swe	Inger Karin	properNoun	nor
Liv Karin	properNoun	swe	Liv Karin	properNoun	nor
Vårin	properNoun	swe	Vårin	properNoun	nor
Ole Martin	properNoun	swe	Ole Martin	properNoun	nor
Hilde Kristin	properNoun	swe	Hilde Kristin	properNoun	nor
Anne Kristin	properNoun	swe	Anne Kristin	properNoun	nor
Ann Kristin	properNoun	swe	Ann Kristin	properNoun	nor
Anne-Kristin	properNoun	swe	Anne-Kristin	properNoun	nor
Biørn	properNoun	swe	Biørn	properNoun	nor
Bakketun	properNoun	swe	Bakketun	properNoun	nor
Bergtun	properNoun	swe	Bergtun	properNoun	nor
Fagertun	properNoun	swe	Fagertun	properNoun	nor
Bakke#Etternavn	properNoun	swe	Bakke#Etternavn	properNoun	nor
Brøndbo	properNoun	swe	Brøndbo	properNoun	nor
Gillebo	properNoun	swe	Gillebo	properNoun	nor
Ngo	properNoun	swe	Ngo	properNoun	nor
Haugo	properNoun	swe	Haugo	properNoun	nor
Langlo	properNoun	swe	Langlo	properNoun	nor
Lamo	properNoun	swe	Lamo	properNoun	nor
Nordmo	properNoun	swe	Nordmo	properNoun	nor
Lundemo	properNoun	swe	Lundemo	properNoun	nor
Eikemo	properNoun	swe	Eikemo	properNoun	nor
Lillemo	properNoun	swe	Lillemo	properNoun	nor
Langmo	properNoun	swe	Langmo	properNoun	nor
Lyngmo	properNoun	swe	Lyngmo	properNoun	nor
Malmo	properNoun	swe	Malmo	properNoun	nor
Granmo	properNoun	swe	Granmo	properNoun	nor
Kvernmo	properNoun	swe	Kvernmo	properNoun	nor
Fagermo	properNoun	swe	Fagermo	properNoun	nor
Forsmo	properNoun	swe	Forsmo	properNoun	nor
Korsmo	properNoun	swe	Korsmo	properNoun	nor
Fossmo	properNoun	swe	Fossmo	properNoun	nor
Flatmo	properNoun	swe	Flatmo	properNoun	nor
Østmo	properNoun	swe	Østmo	properNoun	nor
Fadumo	properNoun	swe	Fadumo	properNoun	nor
Nymo	properNoun	swe	Nymo	properNoun	nor
Landro	properNoun	swe	Landro	properNoun	nor
Asghar	properNoun	swe	Asghar	properNoun	nor
Jan Gunnar	properNoun	swe	Jan Gunnar	properNoun	nor
Per Gunnar	properNoun	swe	Per Gunnar	properNoun	nor
Jan Ivar	properNoun	swe	Jan Ivar	properNoun	nor
Per Ivar	properNoun	swe	Per Ivar	properNoun	nor
Lindanger	properNoun	swe	Lindanger	properNoun	nor
Fauskanger	properNoun	swe	Fauskanger	properNoun	nor
Dalaker	properNoun	swe	Dalaker	properNoun	nor
Walaker	properNoun	swe	Walaker	properNoun	nor
Halleraker	properNoun	swe	Halleraker	properNoun	nor
Wiker	properNoun	swe	Wiker	properNoun	nor
Langåker	properNoun	swe	Langåker	properNoun	nor
Ole Petter	properNoun	swe	Ole Petter	properNoun	nor
Jan Petter	properNoun	swe	Jan Petter	properNoun	nor
Hans Petter	properNoun	swe	Hans Petter	properNoun	nor
Lars Petter	properNoun	swe	Lars Petter	properNoun	nor
Ole-Petter	properNoun	swe	Ole-Petter	properNoun	nor
Dahir	properNoun	swe	Dahir	properNoun	nor
Amir	properNoun	swe	Amir	properNoun	nor
Samir	properNoun	swe	Samir	properNoun	nor
Noor	properNoun	swe	Noor	properNoun	nor
Noor	properNoun	swe	Noor	properNoun	nor
Piotr	properNoun	swe	Piotr	properNoun	nor
Siur	properNoun	swe	Siur	properNoun	nor
Nur	properNoun	swe	Nur	properNoun	nor
Nuur	properNoun	swe	Nuur	properNoun	nor
Mazur	properNoun	swe	Mazur	properNoun	nor
Langemyr	properNoun	swe	Langemyr	properNoun	nor
Herdlevær	properNoun	swe	Herdlevær	properNoun	nor
Lyngvær	properNoun	swe	Lyngvær	properNoun	nor
Molvær	properNoun	swe	Molvær	properNoun	nor
Innvær	properNoun	swe	Innvær	properNoun	nor
Haugsvær	properNoun	swe	Haugsvær	properNoun	nor
Ole Andreas	properNoun	swe	Ole Andreas	properNoun	nor
Johanes	properNoun	swe	Johanes	properNoun	nor
Hindenes	properNoun	swe	Hindenes	properNoun	nor
Engenes	properNoun	swe	Engenes	properNoun	nor
Haukenes	properNoun	swe	Haukenes	properNoun	nor
Espenes	properNoun	swe	Espenes	properNoun	nor
Malnes	properNoun	swe	Malnes	properNoun	nor
Kvalnes	properNoun	swe	Kvalnes	properNoun	nor
Framnes	properNoun	swe	Framnes	properNoun	nor
Heggernes	properNoun	swe	Heggernes	properNoun	nor
Digernes	properNoun	swe	Digernes	properNoun	nor
Gjernes	properNoun	swe	Gjernes	properNoun	nor
Dyrnes	properNoun	swe	Dyrnes	properNoun	nor
Fylkesnes	properNoun	swe	Fylkesnes	properNoun	nor
Glesnes	properNoun	swe	Glesnes	properNoun	nor
Oksnes	properNoun	swe	Oksnes	properNoun	nor
Olsnes	properNoun	swe	Olsnes	properNoun	nor
Kjøsnes	properNoun	swe	Kjøsnes	properNoun	nor
Otnes	properNoun	swe	Otnes	properNoun	nor
Furunes	properNoun	swe	Furunes	properNoun	nor
Flønes	properNoun	swe	Flønes	properNoun	nor
Mjånes	properNoun	swe	Mjånes	properNoun	nor
Ims	properNoun	swe	Ims	properNoun	nor
Frits	properNoun	swe	Frits	properNoun	nor
Mjølhus	properNoun	swe	Mjølhus	properNoun	nor
Ophus	properNoun	swe	Ophus	properNoun	nor
Østerhus	properNoun	swe	Østerhus	properNoun	nor
Presthus	properNoun	swe	Presthus	properNoun	nor
Nyhus	properNoun	swe	Nyhus	properNoun	nor
Linus	properNoun	swe	Linus	properNoun	nor
Landaas	properNoun	swe	Landaas	properNoun	nor
Lyngås	properNoun	swe	Lyngås	properNoun	nor
Gussiås	properNoun	swe	Gussiås	properNoun	nor
Grønås	properNoun	swe	Grønås	properNoun	nor
Øverås	properNoun	swe	Øverås	properNoun	nor
Flatås	properNoun	swe	Flatås	properNoun	nor
Mehmet	properNoun	swe	Mehmet	properNoun	nor
Drageset	properNoun	swe	Drageset	properNoun	nor
Heggset	properNoun	swe	Heggset	properNoun	nor
Helset	properNoun	swe	Helset	properNoun	nor
Ulset	properNoun	swe	Ulset	properNoun	nor
Hoset	properNoun	swe	Hoset	properNoun	nor
Furset	properNoun	swe	Furset	properNoun	nor
Løset	properNoun	swe	Løset	properNoun	nor
Anne Marit	properNoun	swe	Anne Marit	properNoun	nor
Liv Marit	properNoun	swe	Liv Marit	properNoun	nor
Anne-Marit	properNoun	swe	Anne-Marit	properNoun	nor
Anne Brit	properNoun	swe	Anne Brit	properNoun	nor
Anne-Brit	properNoun	swe	Anne-Brit	properNoun	nor
Anne Berit	properNoun	swe	Anne Berit	properNoun	nor
Anne-Berit	properNoun	swe	Anne-Berit	properNoun	nor
Lindqvist	properNoun	swe	Lindqvist	properNoun	nor
Anne Britt	properNoun	swe	Anne Britt	properNoun	nor
May Britt	properNoun	swe	May Britt	properNoun	nor
Mai-Britt	properNoun	swe	Mai-Britt	properNoun	nor
Thu	properNoun	swe	Thu	properNoun	nor
Evju	properNoun	swe	Evju	properNoun	nor
Moltu	properNoun	swe	Moltu	properNoun	nor
Jan Olav	properNoun	swe	Jan Olav	properNoun	nor
Svein Olav	properNoun	swe	Svein Olav	properNoun	nor
Bjørn Olav	properNoun	swe	Bjørn Olav	properNoun	nor
Per Olav	properNoun	swe	Per Olav	properNoun	nor
Hans Olav	properNoun	swe	Hans Olav	properNoun	nor
Ellev	properNoun	swe	Ellev	properNoun	nor
Chaudhry	properNoun	swe	Chaudhry	properNoun	nor
Thuy	properNoun	swe	Thuy	properNoun	nor
Heggøy	properNoun	swe	Heggøy	properNoun	nor
Langøy	properNoun	swe	Langøy	properNoun	nor
Lokøy	properNoun	swe	Lokøy	properNoun	nor
Kvaløy	properNoun	swe	Kvaløy	properNoun	nor
Holmøy	properNoun	swe	Holmøy	properNoun	nor
Marøy	properNoun	swe	Marøy	properNoun	nor
Lerøy	properNoun	swe	Lerøy	properNoun	nor
Hevrøy	properNoun	swe	Hevrøy	properNoun	nor
Husøy	properNoun	swe	Husøy	properNoun	nor
Flatøy	properNoun	swe	Flatøy	properNoun	nor
Yilmaz	properNoun	swe	Yilmaz	properNoun	nor
Yildiz	properNoun	swe	Yildiz	properNoun	nor
Liabø	properNoun	swe	Liabø	properNoun	nor
Husabø	properNoun	swe	Husabø	properNoun	nor
Nordbø	properNoun	swe	Nordbø	properNoun	nor
Lillebø	properNoun	swe	Lillebø	properNoun	nor
Nedrebø	properNoun	swe	Nedrebø	properNoun	nor
Indrebø	properNoun	swe	Indrebø	properNoun	nor
Øvrebø	properNoun	swe	Øvrebø	properNoun	nor
Flatebø	properNoun	swe	Flatebø	properNoun	nor
Nørstebø	properNoun	swe	Nørstebø	properNoun	nor
Øvstebø	properNoun	swe	Øvstebø	properNoun	nor
Østebø	properNoun	swe	Østebø	properNoun	nor
Melbø	properNoun	swe	Melbø	properNoun	nor
Østerbø	properNoun	swe	Østerbø	properNoun	nor
Øverbø	properNoun	swe	Øverbø	properNoun	nor
Nesbø	properNoun	swe	Nesbø	properNoun	nor
Dalsbø	properNoun	swe	Dalsbø	properNoun	nor
Østbø	properNoun	swe	Østbø	properNoun	nor
Nybø	properNoun	swe	Nybø	properNoun	nor
Godø	properNoun	swe	Godø	properNoun	nor
Langø	properNoun	swe	Langø	properNoun	nor
Kvalø	properNoun	swe	Kvalø	properNoun	nor
Landrø	properNoun	swe	Landrø	properNoun	nor
Folgerø	properNoun	swe	Folgerø	properNoun	nor
Hammerø	properNoun	swe	Hammerø	properNoun	nor
Nærø	properNoun	swe	Nærø	properNoun	nor
Idsø	properNoun	swe	Idsø	properNoun	nor
Hellesø	properNoun	swe	Hellesø	properNoun	nor
Hepsø	properNoun	swe	Hepsø	properNoun	nor
Lysø	properNoun	swe	Lysø	properNoun	nor
Gjengstø	properNoun	swe	Gjengstø	properNoun	nor
Kolstø	properNoun	swe	Kolstø	properNoun	nor
Flaa	properNoun	swe	Flaa	properNoun	nor
Overå	properNoun	swe	Overå	properNoun	nor
sid	noun	swe	side	noun	nor
sid.	noun	swe	side	noun	nor
