Reches	properNoun	oci	Reches	properNoun	fra
duèl	noun	oci	duel	noun	fra
duèl	noun	oci	deuil	noun	fra
duèl	noun	oci	défi	noun	fra
gemonias	noun	oci	gémonies	noun	fra
baston	noun	oci	bâton	noun	fra
Aguirresarobe	properNoun	oci	Aguirresarobe	properNoun	fra
Orus	properNoun	oci	Orus	properNoun	fra
volcanisme	noun	oci	volcanisme	noun	fra
incomparable	adjective	oci	incomparable	adjective	fra
Abascal	properNoun	oci	Abascal	properNoun	fra
Civil	properNoun	oci	Civil	properNoun	fra
tavèla	noun	oci	gourdin	noun	fra
unifòrme	adjective	oci	uniforme	adjective	fra
celèst	adjective	oci	céleste	adjective	fra
Rivero	properNoun	oci	Rivero	properNoun	fra
esclipsar	verb	oci	disparaître	verb	fra
tarificacion	noun	oci	tarification	noun	fra
Simmonds	properNoun	oci	Simmonds	properNoun	fra
sacralizar	verb	oci	sacraliser	verb	fra
desblocar	verb	oci	débloquer	verb	fra
Poucachiche	properNoun	oci	Poucachiche	properNoun	fra
indicador	adjective	oci	indicateur	adjective	fra
Recinas	properNoun	oci	Recinas	properNoun	fra
un bricon mai de	preposition	oci	un peu plus de	preposition	fra
Montalvo	properNoun	oci	Montalvo	properNoun	fra
promulgar	verb	oci	promulguer	verb	fra
farmacologia	noun	oci	pharmacologie	noun	fra
Kazi	properNoun	oci	Kazi	properNoun	fra
odonimia	noun	oci	odonymie	noun	fra
satiric	adjective	oci	satirique	adjective	fra
satiric	adjective	oci	satyrique	adjective	fra
repausar	verb	oci	reposer	verb	fra
74n	adjective	oci	74ème	adjective	fra
Ahmed	properNoun	oci	Ahmed	properNoun	fra
gradacion	noun	oci	gradation	noun	fra
Altayo	properNoun	oci	Altayo	properNoun	fra
Ste-Croix	properNoun	oci	Ste-Croix	properNoun	fra
Wenger	properNoun	oci	Wenger	properNoun	fra
segal	noun	oci	seigle	noun	fra
longada	noun	oci	longueur	noun	fra
longada	noun	oci	longitude	noun	fra
Belval	properNoun	oci	Belval	properNoun	fra
redesplegament	noun	oci	redéploiement	noun	fra
sarralha	noun	oci	serrure	noun	fra
causalitat	noun	oci	causalité	noun	fra
Urban	properNoun	oci	Urban	properNoun	fra
Urban	properNoun	oci	Urbain	properNoun	fra
intendent	noun	oci	intendant	noun	fra
Cervilla	properNoun	oci	Cervilla	properNoun	fra
Skopje	properNoun	oci	Skopje	properNoun	fra
Vega	properNoun	oci	Vega	properNoun	fra
Pallarés	properNoun	oci	Pallarés	properNoun	fra
curiós	noun	oci	curieux	noun	fra
novetat	noun	oci	nouveauté	noun	fra
conformitat	noun	oci	conformité	noun	fra
infraccion	noun	oci	infraction	noun	fra
estructurat	adjective	oci	structuré	adjective	fra
La Coronha	properNoun	oci	La Corogne	properNoun	fra
rapid	noun	oci	rapide	noun	fra
energetic	adjective	oci	énergétique	adjective	fra
biologista	noun	oci	biologiste	noun	fra
Dalmases	properNoun	oci	Dalmases	properNoun	fra
cò de	preposition	oci	chez	preposition	fra
Britton	properNoun	oci	Britton	properNoun	fra
madièr	noun	oci	madrier	noun	fra
masèl	noun	oci	carnage	noun	fra
masèl	noun	oci	boucherie	noun	fra
masèl	noun	oci	massacre	noun	fra
malaürós	noun	oci	malheureux	noun	fra
Hautchamp	properNoun	oci	Hautchamp	properNoun	fra
automne	noun	oci	automne	noun	fra
Lancia	properNoun	oci	Lancia	properNoun	fra
Corrales	properNoun	oci	Corrales	properNoun	fra
iconologia	noun	oci	iconologie	noun	fra
Estopa	properNoun	oci	Estopa	properNoun	fra
copista	noun	oci	copiste	noun	fra
fidèl	noun	oci	fidèle	noun	fra
Desputeau	properNoun	oci	Desputeau	properNoun	fra
sic	adverb	oci	sic	adverb	fra
Scherer	properNoun	oci	Scherer	properNoun	fra
apèl	noun	oci	appel	noun	fra
apreciar	verb	oci	apprécier	verb	fra
poderós	adjective	oci	puissant	adjective	fra
fonologia	noun	oci	phonologie	noun	fra
Beaulac	properNoun	oci	Beaulac	properNoun	fra
Elisabeth	properNoun	oci	Élisabeth	properNoun	fra
Elisabeth	properNoun	oci	Elisabeth	properNoun	fra
Vigneron	properNoun	oci	Vigneron	properNoun	fra
lo que	relativePronoun	oci	celui que	relativePronoun	fra
lo que	relativePronoun	oci	celui qui	relativePronoun	fra
Best	properNoun	oci	Best	properNoun	fra
magnificar	verb	oci	magnifier	verb	fra
apte	adjective	oci	apte	adjective	fra
concentrat	noun	oci	concentré	noun	fra
Aimée	properNoun	oci	Aimée	properNoun	fra
esparvièr	noun	oci	épervier	noun	fra
vacillar	verb	oci	vaciller	verb	fra
espinós	adjective	oci	épineux	adjective	fra
Ginovart	properNoun	oci	Ginovart	properNoun	fra
Nellis	properNoun	oci	Nellis	properNoun	fra
Porrés	properNoun	oci	Porrés	properNoun	fra
Aranzegi	properNoun	oci	Aranzegi	properNoun	fra
Salanova	properNoun	oci	Salanova	properNoun	fra
Electra	properNoun	oci	Electra	properNoun	fra
Irlanda	properNoun	oci	Irlande	properNoun	fra
Bartlett	properNoun	oci	Bartlett	properNoun	fra
Laudrup	properNoun	oci	Laudrup	properNoun	fra
Beyoncé	properNoun	oci	Beyoncé	properNoun	fra
nòrd-african	adjective	oci	nord-africain	adjective	fra
vagabondar	verb	oci	vagabonder	verb	fra
impermeabilizar	verb	oci	imperméabiliser	verb	fra
Sotelo	properNoun	oci	Sotelo	properNoun	fra
Ossetia del Sud	properNoun	oci	Ossétie du Sud	properNoun	fra
porós	adjective	oci	poreux	adjective	fra
Laforme	properNoun	oci	Laforme	properNoun	fra
ecografia	noun	oci	échographie	noun	fra
peon	noun	oci	pion	noun	fra
monsenhor	noun	oci	monseigneur	noun	fra
exuberant	adjective	oci	exubérant	adjective	fra
preestablir	verb	oci	préétablir	verb	fra
Verner	properNoun	oci	Verner	properNoun	fra
bibliografic	adjective	oci	bibliographique	adjective	fra
horat	noun	oci	trou	noun	fra
tutor	noun	oci	tuteur	noun	fra
ibridisme	noun	oci	hybridisme	noun	fra
Pesant	properNoun	oci	Pesant	properNoun	fra
simulator	noun	oci	simulateur	noun	fra
Cliche	properNoun	oci	Cliche	properNoun	fra
lamentar	verb	oci	lamenter	verb	fra
lamentar	verb	oci	regretter	verb	fra
lamentar	verb	oci	déplorer	verb	fra
cortina	noun	oci	rideau	noun	fra
cortina	noun	oci	courtine	noun	fra
pasmens	subordinatingConjunction	oci	cependant	subordinatingConjunction	fra
pasmens	subordinatingConjunction	oci	pourtant	subordinatingConjunction	fra
pasmens	subordinatingConjunction	oci	néanmoins	subordinatingConjunction	fra
armar	verb	oci	armer	verb	fra
Thermidor	properNoun	oci	Thermidor	properNoun	fra
ectolitre	noun	oci	hectolitre	noun	fra
graciós	adjective	oci	gracieux	adjective	fra
Pretel	properNoun	oci	Pretel	properNoun	fra
estratigrafic	adjective	oci	stratigraphique	adjective	fra
conscient	adjective	oci	conscient	adjective	fra
grup	noun	oci	groupe	noun	fra
Vespucci	properNoun	oci	Vespucci	properNoun	fra
itinerari	noun	oci	itinéraire	noun	fra
turcmèn	adjective	oci	turkmène	adjective	fra
jornalièrament	adverb	oci	journalièrement	adverb	fra
Andriuskevicius	properNoun	oci	Andriuskevicius	properNoun	fra
fach	adjective	oci	fait	adjective	fra
Mas de Polart	properNoun	oci	Mas de Polart	properNoun	fra
are	adjective	oci	aride	adjective	fra
revindicacion	noun	oci	revendication	noun	fra
cristallin	adjective	oci	cristallin	adjective	fra
cube	noun	oci	cube	noun	fra
universalitat	noun	oci	universalité	noun	fra
peugue	noun	oci	océan	noun	fra
elegit	adjective	oci	élu	adjective	fra
Regan	properNoun	oci	Regan	properNoun	fra
de pès	adverb	oci	debout	adverb	fra
devòt	noun	oci	dévot	noun	fra
franquisme	noun	oci	franquisme	noun	fra
disputat	adjective	oci	disputé	adjective	fra
cascavèl	noun	oci	grelot	noun	fra
Gambetta	properNoun	oci	Gambetta	properNoun	fra
liposoluble	adjective	oci	liposoluble	adjective	fra
Loranger	properNoun	oci	Loranger	properNoun	fra
Planelles	properNoun	oci	Planelles	properNoun	fra
Rabinovitch	properNoun	oci	Rabinovitch	properNoun	fra
Boisvenue	properNoun	oci	Boisvenue	properNoun	fra
cardèla	noun	oci	laiteron	noun	fra
Lidia	properNoun	oci	Lidia	properNoun	fra
biberon	noun	oci	biberon	noun	fra
indisponible	adjective	oci	indisponible	adjective	fra
Zarza	properNoun	oci	Zarza	properNoun	fra
sericultura	noun	oci	sériciculture	noun	fra
Nabokov	properNoun	oci	Nabokov	properNoun	fra
Trotski	properNoun	oci	Trotski	properNoun	fra
innovator	adjective	oci	innovateur	adjective	fra
concrètament	adverb	oci	concrètement	adverb	fra
identificar	verb	oci	identifier	verb	fra
alhors	adverb	oci	ailleurs	adverb	fra
Novillo	properNoun	oci	Novillo	properNoun	fra
marshallés	noun	oci	Marshallais	noun	fra
Kepa	properNoun	oci	Kepa	properNoun	fra
idealista	noun	oci	idéaliste	noun	fra
lanatge	noun	oci	lainage	noun	fra
vicariat	noun	oci	vicariat	noun	fra
Morena	properNoun	oci	Morena	properNoun	fra
Abdallah	properNoun	oci	Abdallah	properNoun	fra
baga	noun	oci	bague	noun	fra
ribairenc	noun	oci	riverain	noun	fra
acantonat	adjective	oci	cantonné	adjective	fra
Comino	properNoun	oci	Comino	properNoun	fra
Hueso	properNoun	oci	Hueso	properNoun	fra
jardin	noun	oci	jardin	noun	fra
Adegi	properNoun	oci	Adegi	properNoun	fra
macron	noun	oci	macron	noun	fra
Lafleur	properNoun	oci	Lafleur	properNoun	fra
moratòri	adjective	oci	moratoire	adjective	fra
gran	adjective	oci	grand	adjective	fra
Besancenot	properNoun	oci	Besancenot	properNoun	fra
venician	noun	oci	vénitien	noun	fra
decreissent	adjective	oci	décroissant	adjective	fra
Loos	properNoun	oci	Loos	properNoun	fra
Insa	properNoun	oci	Insa	properNoun	fra
Figuerola	properNoun	oci	Figuerola	properNoun	fra
fabla	noun	oci	fable	noun	fra
rodanenc	noun	oci	Rhodanien	noun	fra
Bourgon	properNoun	oci	Bourgon	properNoun	fra
Gilbèrt	properNoun	oci	Gilbert	properNoun	fra
Gilbèrt	properNoun	oci	Gilbèrt	properNoun	fra
eisseròc	noun	oci	sud-est	noun	fra
Lymburner	properNoun	oci	Lymburner	properNoun	fra
Aitana	properNoun	oci	Aitana	properNoun	fra
camparòl	noun	oci	champignon	noun	fra
cavalièr	adjective	oci	cavalier	adjective	fra
cavalièr	adjective	oci	chevalier	adjective	fra
Étienne	properNoun	oci	Étienne	properNoun	fra
simbiòsi	noun	oci	symbiose	noun	fra
Ferrarini	properNoun	oci	Ferrarini	properNoun	fra
Mandeville	properNoun	oci	Mandeville	properNoun	fra
Grace	properNoun	oci	Grace	properNoun	fra
contraataca	noun	oci	contre-attaque	noun	fra
Titan	properNoun	oci	Titan	properNoun	fra
Valiente	properNoun	oci	Valiente	properNoun	fra
Alissa	properNoun	oci	Alissa	properNoun	fra
diari	noun	oci	quotidien	noun	fra
Fahey	properNoun	oci	Fahey	properNoun	fra
foguièr	noun	oci	foyer	noun	fra
esclatament	noun	oci	éclatement	noun	fra
Dawn	properNoun	oci	Dawn	properNoun	fra
mascle	noun	oci	homme	noun	fra
mascle	noun	oci	mâle	noun	fra
Garolera	properNoun	oci	Garolera	properNoun	fra
Brossa	properNoun	oci	Brossa	properNoun	fra
afasic	adjective	oci	aphasique	adjective	fra
fonha	noun	oci	bouderie	noun	fra
Flammà	properNoun	oci	Flammà	properNoun	fra
Lastra	properNoun	oci	Lastra	properNoun	fra
vèsta	noun	oci	veste	noun	fra
injontiu	adjective	oci	injonctif	adjective	fra
contra	preposition	oci	contre	preposition	fra
politizar	verb	oci	politiser	verb	fra
Vauclusa	properNoun	oci	Vaucluse	properNoun	fra
recórrer	verb	oci	recourir	verb	fra
recórrer	verb	oci	faire appel	verb	fra
recórrer	verb	oci	parcourir	verb	fra
longevitat	noun	oci	longévité	noun	fra
Winnipeg	properNoun	oci	Winnipeg	properNoun	fra
Torrisi	properNoun	oci	Torrisi	properNoun	fra
finalizar	verb	oci	finaliser	verb	fra
finalizar	verb	oci	achever	verb	fra
Chavez	properNoun	oci	Chavez	properNoun	fra
Proust	properNoun	oci	Proust	properNoun	fra
estauviar	verb	oci	épargner	verb	fra
Escalé	properNoun	oci	Escalé	properNoun	fra
pelòta	noun	oci	balle	noun	fra
pelòta	noun	oci	pelote	noun	fra
Chelsea	properNoun	oci	Chelsea	properNoun	fra
aquiu delà	adverb	oci	là-bas	adverb	fra
Reuters	properNoun	oci	Reuters	properNoun	fra
botswanés	noun	oci	Botswanais	noun	fra
Agresti	properNoun	oci	Agresti	properNoun	fra
CD	noun	oci	CD	noun	fra
segon	adverb	oci	selon	adverb	fra
magistrat	noun	oci	magistrat	noun	fra
contractilitat	noun	oci	contractilité	noun	fra
naut	noun	oci	haut	noun	fra
pragmatisme	noun	oci	pragmatisme	noun	fra
Aureli	properNoun	oci	Aureli	properNoun	fra
oniric	adjective	oci	onirique	adjective	fra
gardian	noun	oci	gardien	noun	fra
Amber	properNoun	oci	Amber	properNoun	fra
osmòsi	noun	oci	osmose	noun	fra
èstre	noun	oci	être	noun	fra
balèsta	noun	oci	arbalète	noun	fra
ora	noun	oci	heure	noun	fra
cacologia	noun	oci	cacologie	noun	fra
Jansana	properNoun	oci	Jansana	properNoun	fra
avidament	adverb	oci	avidement	adverb	fra
Armstrong	properNoun	oci	Armstrong	properNoun	fra
Lekuona	properNoun	oci	Lekuona	properNoun	fra
Sesma	properNoun	oci	Sesma	properNoun	fra
Lecouffe	properNoun	oci	Lecouffe	properNoun	fra
predire	verb	oci	prédire	verb	fra
Comas	properNoun	oci	Comas	properNoun	fra
Mas Ribó	properNoun	oci	Mas Ribó	properNoun	fra
sinuós	adjective	oci	sinueux	adjective	fra
Freitas	properNoun	oci	Freitas	properNoun	fra
Garín	properNoun	oci	Garín	properNoun	fra
florissent	adjective	oci	florissant	adjective	fra
Rei Bèthvéder	properNoun	oci	Rei Bèthvéder	properNoun	fra
empentassar	verb	oci	pousser	verb	fra
imputar	verb	oci	imputer	verb	fra
Monterrey	properNoun	oci	Monterrey	properNoun	fra
evorian	adjective	oci	ivoirien	adjective	fra
capriciós	adjective	oci	capricieux	adjective	fra
Raynault	properNoun	oci	Raynault	properNoun	fra
a l'epòca de	preposition	oci	à l'époque de	preposition	fra
gestionar	verb	oci	gérer	verb	fra
Puentes	properNoun	oci	Puentes	properNoun	fra
vulgar	noun	oci	vulgaire	noun	fra
clandestinitat	noun	oci	clandestinité	noun	fra
messatge	noun	oci	message	noun	fra
Ahmadi	properNoun	oci	Ahmadi	properNoun	fra
crèuge	noun	oci	cicatrice	noun	fra
manjucar	verb	oci	mangeotter	verb	fra
Luciana	properNoun	oci	Luciana	properNoun	fra
Clapés	properNoun	oci	Clapés	properNoun	fra
Lisbona	properNoun	oci	Lisbonne	properNoun	fra
Lisbona	properNoun	oci	Lisbona	properNoun	fra
Lanyon	properNoun	oci	Lanyon	properNoun	fra
Tori	properNoun	oci	Tori	properNoun	fra
Ropero	properNoun	oci	Ropero	properNoun	fra
Ifrah	properNoun	oci	Ifrah	properNoun	fra
assolaçar	verb	oci	consoler	verb	fra
Théberge	properNoun	oci	Théberge	properNoun	fra
velhar	verb	oci	veiller	verb	fra
velhar	verb	oci	voiler	verb	fra
dimèrcs	noun	oci	mercredi	noun	fra
puta	noun	oci	putain	noun	fra
Vania	properNoun	oci	Vania	properNoun	fra
esfericitat	noun	oci	sphéricité	noun	fra
D'Agristina	properNoun	oci	D'Agristina	properNoun	fra
meronimia	noun	oci	méronymie	noun	fra
Caluori	properNoun	oci	Caluori	properNoun	fra
Suriol	properNoun	oci	Suriol	properNoun	fra
Idigoras	properNoun	oci	Idigoras	properNoun	fra
modelhoar	verb	oci	amasser	verb	fra
despolhar	verb	oci	dépouiller	verb	fra
Jonas	properNoun	oci	Jonas	properNoun	fra
uniformizacion	noun	oci	uniformisation	noun	fra
Lucia	properNoun	oci	Lucie	properNoun	fra
Lucia	properNoun	oci	Lucia	properNoun	fra
Gragera	properNoun	oci	Gragera	properNoun	fra
Dansereau	properNoun	oci	Dansereau	properNoun	fra
Beaumier	properNoun	oci	Beaumier	properNoun	fra
Verdini	properNoun	oci	Verdini	properNoun	fra
Somers	properNoun	oci	Somers	properNoun	fra
condar	verb	oci	raconter	verb	fra
radiodifusion	noun	oci	radiodiffusion	noun	fra
Port Moresby	properNoun	oci	Port Moresby	properNoun	fra
Agassi	properNoun	oci	Agassi	properNoun	fra
deca	noun	oci	faute	noun	fra
Gonzaga	properNoun	oci	Gonzaga	properNoun	fra
Sabina	properNoun	oci	Sabina	properNoun	fra
assegurar	verb	oci	assurer	verb	fra
demolir	verb	oci	démolir	verb	fra
Vilarasau	properNoun	oci	Vilarasau	properNoun	fra
antiparlamentari	adjective	oci	antiparlementaire	adjective	fra
reveire	verb	oci	revoir	verb	fra
Marquina	properNoun	oci	Marquina	properNoun	fra
construir	verb	oci	construire	verb	fra
digèste	adjective	oci	digeste	adjective	fra
Mireille	properNoun	oci	Mireille	properNoun	fra
groenlandés	adjective	oci	groenlandais	adjective	fra
del Águila	properNoun	oci	del Águila	properNoun	fra
comun	noun	oci	courant	noun	fra
comun	noun	oci	commun	noun	fra
Perron	properNoun	oci	Perron	properNoun	fra
intoxicar	verb	oci	intoxiquer	verb	fra
Barclay	properNoun	oci	Barclay	properNoun	fra
contorsion	noun	oci	contorsion	noun	fra
Curiel	properNoun	oci	Curiel	properNoun	fra
Racicot	properNoun	oci	Racicot	properNoun	fra
milícia	noun	oci	milice	noun	fra
Gènoa	properNoun	oci	Gênes	properNoun	fra
Glover	properNoun	oci	Glover	properNoun	fra
firmament	noun	oci	firmament	noun	fra
Fishman	properNoun	oci	Fishman	properNoun	fra
tatar	noun	oci	tatare	noun	fra
Vendette	properNoun	oci	Vendette	properNoun	fra
Swatini	properNoun	oci	Swaziland	properNoun	fra
nutricion	noun	oci	nutrition	noun	fra
Membrilla	properNoun	oci	Membrilla	properNoun	fra
Brezhnev	properNoun	oci	Brejnev	properNoun	fra
Espanyol	properNoun	oci	Espanyol	properNoun	fra
leugièr	adjective	oci	léger	adjective	fra
CF	noun	oci	CF	noun	fra
agendà	noun	oci	agenda	noun	fra
estable	adjective	oci	stable	adjective	fra
abitant	noun	oci	habitant	noun	fra
arrespóner	verb	oci	répondre	verb	fra
Vitòria	properNoun	oci	Vitoria	properNoun	fra
Rego	properNoun	oci	Rego	properNoun	fra
mafiós	noun	oci	mafieux	noun	fra
Henri	properNoun	oci	Henri	properNoun	fra
pigasson	noun	oci	hachette	noun	fra
crudèl	adjective	oci	cruel	adjective	fra
Loon	properNoun	oci	Loon	properNoun	fra
Barbeau	properNoun	oci	Barbeau	properNoun	fra
atomizacion	noun	oci	atomisation	noun	fra
apondi	noun	oci	ajout	noun	fra
mesolha	noun	oci	moelle	noun	fra
dilhèu	adverb	oci	peut-être	adverb	fra
Cigarrán	properNoun	oci	Cigarrán	properNoun	fra
paissièira	noun	oci	barrage	noun	fra
paissièira	noun	oci	vivier	noun	fra
paissièira	noun	oci	prise	noun	fra
angina	noun	oci	angine	noun	fra
literatura	noun	oci	littérature	noun	fra
Jonhston	properNoun	oci	Johnston	properNoun	fra
Akayev	properNoun	oci	Akayev	properNoun	fra
pàtria	noun	oci	patrie	noun	fra
electrum	noun	oci	électrum	noun	fra
Vuitton	properNoun	oci	Vuitton	properNoun	fra
mutilar	verb	oci	mutiler	verb	fra
Mulligan	properNoun	oci	Mulligan	properNoun	fra
restablir	verb	oci	rétablir	verb	fra
Aurélien	properNoun	oci	Aurélien	properNoun	fra
siquenon	subordinatingConjunction	oci	sinon	subordinatingConjunction	fra
anticòrs	noun	oci	anticorps	noun	fra
agression	noun	oci	agression	noun	fra
Chauvette	properNoun	oci	Chauvette	properNoun	fra
esquematisme	noun	oci	schématisme	noun	fra
Mariano	properNoun	oci	Mariano	properNoun	fra
instintivament	adverb	oci	instinctivement	adverb	fra
Jean-Noël	properNoun	oci	Jean-Noël	properNoun	fra
Sakamoto	properNoun	oci	Sakamoto	properNoun	fra
Barker	properNoun	oci	Barker	properNoun	fra
envejar	verb	oci	envier	verb	fra
Asens	properNoun	oci	Asens	properNoun	fra
Haupert	properNoun	oci	Haupert	properNoun	fra
escalèr	noun	oci	escalier	noun	fra
alegrar	verb	oci	réjouir	verb	fra
alegrar	verb	oci	contenter	verb	fra
alegrar	verb	oci	égayer	verb	fra
Maine	properNoun	oci	Maine	properNoun	fra
somalian	adjective	oci	somalien	adjective	fra
Gédéon	properNoun	oci	Gédéon	properNoun	fra
purificacion	noun	oci	purification	noun	fra
Marzá	properNoun	oci	Marzá	properNoun	fra
maselar	verb	oci	charcuter	verb	fra
maselar	verb	oci	massacrer	verb	fra
Sebbag	properNoun	oci	Sebbag	properNoun	fra
Riberdy	properNoun	oci	Riberdy	properNoun	fra
Teitelbaum	properNoun	oci	Teitelbaum	properNoun	fra
Cerdà	properNoun	oci	Cerdà	properNoun	fra
bendar	verb	oci	bander	verb	fra
Sanllehí	properNoun	oci	Sanllehí	properNoun	fra
Desterres	properNoun	oci	Desterres	properNoun	fra
Es Bòrdes	properNoun	oci	Es Bòrdes	properNoun	fra
Liistro	properNoun	oci	Liistro	properNoun	fra
Hailey	properNoun	oci	Hailey	properNoun	fra
Kerzhakov	properNoun	oci	Kerzhakov	properNoun	fra
au despens de	preposition	oci	aux dépens de	preposition	fra
ocean	noun	oci	océan	noun	fra
Aigé	properNoun	oci	Aigé	properNoun	fra
amatar	verb	oci	tapir	verb	fra
amaresa	noun	oci	amertume	noun	fra
internauta	noun	oci	internaute	noun	fra
mercantil	adjective	oci	mercantile	adjective	fra
Pershing	properNoun	oci	Pershing	properNoun	fra
Talgo	properNoun	oci	Talgo	properNoun	fra
senon	subordinatingConjunction	oci	sinon	subordinatingConjunction	fra
energic	adjective	oci	énergique	adjective	fra
Chery	properNoun	oci	Chery	properNoun	fra
colomnada	noun	oci	colonnade	noun	fra
injeccion	noun	oci	injection	noun	fra
von Lengefeld	properNoun	oci	von Lengefeld	properNoun	fra
Almirón	properNoun	oci	Almirón	properNoun	fra
islamizacion	noun	oci	islamisation	noun	fra
franja	noun	oci	frange	noun	fra
sacatge	noun	oci	saccage	noun	fra
Mel	properNoun	oci	Mel	properNoun	fra
Bachero	properNoun	oci	Bachero	properNoun	fra
irregular	adjective	oci	irrégulier	adjective	fra
memorizacion	noun	oci	mémorisation	noun	fra
Gener	properNoun	oci	Gener	properNoun	fra
plasticitat	noun	oci	plasticité	noun	fra
migratori	adjective	oci	migratoire	adjective	fra
Florence	properNoun	oci	Florence	properNoun	fra
frenatge	noun	oci	freinage	noun	fra
ancian	adjective	oci	ancien	adjective	fra
a la perfin	adverb	oci	au bout du compte	adverb	fra
anamnèsi	noun	oci	anamnèse	noun	fra
leialtat	noun	oci	loyauté	noun	fra
Anatolia	properNoun	oci	Anatolie	properNoun	fra
prefècte	noun	oci	préfet	noun	fra
geograf	noun	oci	géographe	noun	fra
Escrich	properNoun	oci	Escrich	properNoun	fra
detalhar	verb	oci	détailler	verb	fra
Tejero	properNoun	oci	Tejero	properNoun	fra
impressionar	verb	oci	impressionner	verb	fra
Durocher	properNoun	oci	Durocher	properNoun	fra
idear	verb	oci	imaginer	verb	fra
idear	verb	oci	idéer	verb	fra
demografic	adjective	oci	démographique	adjective	fra
a pauc près	adverb	oci	à peu près	adverb	fra
a pauc près	adverb	oci	environ	adverb	fra
gambian	adjective	oci	gambien	adjective	fra
reflectir	verb	oci	refléter	verb	fra
barcelonés	adjective	oci	barcelonais	adjective	fra
Bryan	properNoun	oci	Bryan	properNoun	fra
sicrèt	noun	oci	secret	noun	fra
Trent	properNoun	oci	Trente	properNoun	fra
Trent	properNoun	oci	Trent	properNoun	fra
aplicar	verb	oci	appliquer	verb	fra
desnivelar	verb	oci	déniveler	verb	fra
de manièra que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	de manière que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
fièra	noun	oci	foire	noun	fra
Tarruella	properNoun	oci	Tarruella	properNoun	fra
Vonnegut	properNoun	oci	Vonnegut	properNoun	fra
silicat	noun	oci	silicate	noun	fra
decatlon	noun	oci	décathlon	noun	fra
comanda	noun	oci	requête	noun	fra
comanda	noun	oci	commande	noun	fra
Desmarteau	properNoun	oci	Desmarteau	properNoun	fra
maquinalament	adverb	oci	machinalement	adverb	fra
mandatari	noun	oci	mandataire	noun	fra
catastròfa	noun	oci	catastrophe	noun	fra
Castanyer	properNoun	oci	Castanyer	properNoun	fra
Barrenengoa	properNoun	oci	Barrenengoa	properNoun	fra
en tot	adverb	oci	au total	adverb	fra
Salado	properNoun	oci	Salado	properNoun	fra
cadastre	noun	oci	cadastre	noun	fra
Vaillancourt	properNoun	oci	Vaillancourt	properNoun	fra
abús	noun	oci	abus	noun	fra
significatiu	adjective	oci	significatif	adjective	fra
antroponim	noun	oci	anthroponyme	noun	fra
Barberà	properNoun	oci	Barberà	properNoun	fra
efigia	noun	oci	effigie	noun	fra
Mackenzie	properNoun	oci	Mackenzie	properNoun	fra
Monjo	properNoun	oci	Monjo	properNoun	fra
tahitian	adjective	oci	tahitien	adjective	fra
ben segur	adverb	oci	bien sûr	adverb	fra
intacte	adjective	oci	intact	adjective	fra
Nantais	properNoun	oci	Nantais	properNoun	fra
Touchette	properNoun	oci	Touchette	properNoun	fra
Charles	properNoun	oci	Charles	properNoun	fra
pimpanèla	noun	oci	pâquerette	noun	fra
mutar	verb	oci	muter	verb	fra
Desgroseilliers	properNoun	oci	Desgroseilliers	properNoun	fra
Quitich	properNoun	oci	Quitich	properNoun	fra
Spitsbergen	properNoun	oci	Spitsbergen	properNoun	fra
Ventura	properNoun	oci	Ventura	properNoun	fra
inclinar	verb	oci	incliner	verb	fra
indi	noun	oci	indium	noun	fra
indi	noun	oci	hindi	noun	fra
sud-african	noun	oci	Sud-Africain	noun	fra
lògo	noun	oci	logo	noun	fra
Socorro	properNoun	oci	Socorro	properNoun	fra
Pradas	properNoun	oci	Pradas	properNoun	fra
tuberculòsi	noun	oci	tuberculose	noun	fra
Chatigny	properNoun	oci	Chatigny	properNoun	fra
prefaci	noun	oci	prologue	noun	fra
inoperant	adjective	oci	inopérant	adjective	fra
contactologia	noun	oci	contactologie	noun	fra
Selvarajah	properNoun	oci	Selvarajah	properNoun	fra
oscar	noun	oci	oscar	noun	fra
van	adjective	oci	vain	adjective	fra
Aguirregomezkorta	properNoun	oci	Aguirregomezkorta	properNoun	fra
conjuncion	noun	oci	conjonction	noun	fra
cristal	noun	oci	cristal	noun	fra
Tourville	properNoun	oci	Tourville	properNoun	fra
ridèla	noun	oci	ridelle	noun	fra
cumular	verb	oci	cumuler	verb	fra
Duchesneau	properNoun	oci	Duchesneau	properNoun	fra
superfícia	noun	oci	surface	noun	fra
Rees	properNoun	oci	Rees	properNoun	fra
fèr	noun	oci	fer	noun	fra
apertenir	verb	oci	appartenir	verb	fra
fusada	noun	oci	fusée	noun	fra
Dickner	properNoun	oci	Dickner	properNoun	fra
Abarca	properNoun	oci	Abarca	properNoun	fra
Macias	properNoun	oci	Macias	properNoun	fra
von Hausen	properNoun	oci	von Hausen	properNoun	fra
Troncoso	properNoun	oci	Troncoso	properNoun	fra
Pere	properNoun	oci	Pere	properNoun	fra
recercaire	noun	oci	chercheur	noun	fra
durant	preposition	oci	durant	preposition	fra
durant	preposition	oci	lors de	preposition	fra
durant	preposition	oci	pendant	preposition	fra
cabeladura	noun	oci	chevelure	noun	fra
paleontològue	noun	oci	paléontologue	noun	fra
congediar	verb	oci	licencier	verb	fra
congediar	verb	oci	renvoyer	verb	fra
parasit	noun	oci	parasite	noun	fra
Also	properNoun	oci	Also	properNoun	fra
Favre	properNoun	oci	Favre	properNoun	fra
Guilhèm	properNoun	oci	Guillaume	properNoun	fra
Guilhèm	properNoun	oci	Guilhèm	properNoun	fra
telecargar	verb	oci	télécharger	verb	fra
Elorriaga	properNoun	oci	Elorriaga	properNoun	fra
Palermo	properNoun	oci	Palermo	properNoun	fra
Abecassis	properNoun	oci	Abecassis	properNoun	fra
omeopatia	noun	oci	homéopathie	noun	fra
Polo	properNoun	oci	Polo	properNoun	fra
Novau	properNoun	oci	Novau	properNoun	fra
axiòma	noun	oci	axiome	noun	fra
vint-e-uèch	numeral	oci	vingt-huit	numeral	fra
Gonfaus	properNoun	oci	Gonfaus	properNoun	fra
plancarda	noun	oci	pancarte	noun	fra
archipèl	noun	oci	archipel	noun	fra
materializar	verb	oci	matérialiser	verb	fra
egalitat	noun	oci	égalité	noun	fra
Wisconsin	properNoun	oci	Wisconsin	properNoun	fra
flor	noun	oci	fleur	noun	fra
recombinason	noun	oci	recombinaison	noun	fra
povora	noun	oci	poudre	noun	fra
Steinmeier	properNoun	oci	Steinmeier	properNoun	fra
pretendre	verb	oci	viser à	verb	fra
pretendre	verb	oci	prétendre	verb	fra
Gyatso	properNoun	oci	Gyatso	properNoun	fra
recauquilh	noun	oci	boucle	noun	fra
apréner	verb	oci	apprendre	verb	fra
emetedor	noun	oci	émetteur	noun	fra
sodomizar	verb	oci	sodomiser	verb	fra
Marcilla	properNoun	oci	Marcilla	properNoun	fra
licòrna	noun	oci	licorne	noun	fra
Sardà	properNoun	oci	Sardà	properNoun	fra
Fréreault	properNoun	oci	Fréreault	properNoun	fra
Palanco	properNoun	oci	Palanco	properNoun	fra
4n	adjective	oci	4ème	adjective	fra
Albero	properNoun	oci	Albero	properNoun	fra
estudiantin	adjective	oci	estudiantin	adjective	fra
pigre	adjective	oci	paresseux	adjective	fra
pigre	adjective	oci	fainéant	adjective	fra
Leir	properNoun	oci	Loire	properNoun	fra
designar	verb	oci	désigner	verb	fra
procedir	verb	oci	procéder	verb	fra
revlincar	verb	oci	corder	verb	fra
revlincar	verb	oci	fausser	verb	fra
revlincar	verb	oci	tordre	verb	fra
indefinit	adjective	oci	indéfini	adjective	fra
Marsol	properNoun	oci	Marsol	properNoun	fra
gravar	verb	oci	graver	verb	fra
gravar	verb	oci	enregistrer	verb	fra
Batlles	properNoun	oci	Batlles	properNoun	fra
Lisa	properNoun	oci	Lisa	properNoun	fra
predador	adjective	oci	prédateur	adjective	fra
refugiat	noun	oci	réfugié	noun	fra
Jiang	properNoun	oci	Jiang	properNoun	fra
XVII	numeral	oci	XVIIe	adjective	fra
XVII	numeral	oci	XVII	numeral	fra
XVII	numeral	oci	XVIIème	adjective	fra
sedusir	verb	oci	séduire	verb	fra
duscas	preposition	oci	jusqu'à	preposition	fra
duscas	preposition	oci	jusque	preposition	fra
Masachs	properNoun	oci	Masachs	properNoun	fra
Mayor	properNoun	oci	Mayor	properNoun	fra
manifestacion	noun	oci	manifestation	noun	fra
oblic	noun	oci	biais	noun	fra
proliferacion	noun	oci	prolifération	noun	fra
plenipotenciari	adjective	oci	plénipotentiaire	adjective	fra
Aubuchon	properNoun	oci	Aubuchon	properNoun	fra
Jodoin	properNoun	oci	Jodoin	properNoun	fra
aigat	noun	oci	inondation	noun	fra
nòvi	noun	oci	fiancé	noun	fra
nòvi	noun	oci	marié	noun	fra
Gamell	properNoun	oci	Gamell	properNoun	fra
viruléncia	noun	oci	virulence	noun	fra
teula	noun	oci	tuile	noun	fra
Español	properNoun	oci	Español	properNoun	fra
Alabama	properNoun	oci	Alabama	properNoun	fra
Tudor	properNoun	oci	Tudor	properNoun	fra
a mesura que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	à mesure que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
a mesura que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	au fur et à mesure que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Bayer	properNoun	oci	Bayer	properNoun	fra
tribalhar	verb	oci	bosser	verb	fra
tribalhar	verb	oci	travailler	verb	fra
de nonent	adverb	oci	lentement	adverb	fra
pretorian	adjective	oci	prétorien	adjective	fra
Poy	properNoun	oci	Poy	properNoun	fra
Nada	properNoun	oci	Nada	properNoun	fra
Savignac	properNoun	oci	Savignac	properNoun	fra
Lauzé	properNoun	oci	Lauzé	properNoun	fra
epentèsi	noun	oci	épenthèse	noun	fra
exemplar	noun	oci	exemplaire	noun	fra
setanta tres	numeral	oci	soixante-treize	numeral	fra
glasi	noun	oci	spectre	noun	fra
glasi	noun	oci	glaive	noun	fra
Amal	properNoun	oci	Amal	properNoun	fra
Hamas	properNoun	oci	Hamas	properNoun	fra
caravana	noun	oci	caravane	noun	fra
deprimir	verb	oci	déprimer	verb	fra
vinificacion	noun	oci	vinification	noun	fra
Ethoré	properNoun	oci	Ethoré	properNoun	fra
prestar	verb	oci	prêter	verb	fra
Ballarín	properNoun	oci	Ballarín	properNoun	fra
candidat	noun	oci	candidat	noun	fra
Catània	properNoun	oci	Catane	properNoun	fra
Macià	properNoun	oci	Macià	properNoun	fra
tavèrna	noun	oci	taverne	noun	fra
II	numeral	oci	IIe	adjective	fra
II	numeral	oci	II	numeral	fra
II	numeral	oci	IIème	adjective	fra
Prússia	properNoun	oci	Prusse	properNoun	fra
dròga	noun	oci	drogue	noun	fra
Perales	properNoun	oci	Perales	properNoun	fra
daltonisme	noun	oci	daltonisme	noun	fra
obsessiu	adjective	oci	obsessif	adjective	fra
guaianés	noun	oci	Guyanais	noun	fra
verdeiròla	noun	oci	verdier	noun	fra
braç	noun	oci	bras	noun	fra
Vallribera	properNoun	oci	Vallribera	properNoun	fra
Baulenas	properNoun	oci	Baulenas	properNoun	fra
ensems	adverb	oci	ensemble	adverb	fra
anabolizant	adjective	oci	anabolisant	adjective	fra
Vachon	properNoun	oci	Vachon	properNoun	fra
pol	noun	oci	coq	noun	fra
pol	noun	oci	poulet	noun	fra
Galián	properNoun	oci	Galián	properNoun	fra
Quintela	properNoun	oci	Quintela	properNoun	fra
estabordiment	noun	oci	vertige	noun	fra
Comeau	properNoun	oci	Comeau	properNoun	fra
constat	noun	oci	constat	noun	fra
NBA	noun	oci	NBA	noun	fra
oxidat	adjective	oci	oxydé	adjective	fra
Canovas	properNoun	oci	Canovas	properNoun	fra
Llucia	properNoun	oci	Llucia	properNoun	fra
climat	noun	oci	climat	noun	fra
Svalbard	properNoun	oci	Svalbard	properNoun	fra
emborrassar	verb	oci	entortiller	verb	fra
emborrassar	verb	oci	envelopper	verb	fra
Alaminos	properNoun	oci	Alaminos	properNoun	fra
Garrote	properNoun	oci	Garrote	properNoun	fra
Maquiavèl	properNoun	oci	Machiavel	properNoun	fra
Nil	properNoun	oci	Nil	properNoun	fra
articulat	adjective	oci	articulé	adjective	fra
intermediacion	noun	oci	intermédiation	noun	fra
Lorusso	properNoun	oci	Lorusso	properNoun	fra
classament	noun	oci	classement	noun	fra
primièr	noun	oci	premier	noun	fra
Campins	properNoun	oci	Campins	properNoun	fra
Elle	properNoun	oci	Elle	properNoun	fra
Minguella	properNoun	oci	Minguella	properNoun	fra
Salam	properNoun	oci	Salam	properNoun	fra
lòtja	noun	oci	loge	noun	fra
Tobarra	properNoun	oci	Tobarra	properNoun	fra
Queralt	properNoun	oci	Queralt	properNoun	fra
Torrents	properNoun	oci	Torrents	properNoun	fra
Amundsen	properNoun	oci	Amundsen	properNoun	fra
tirador	noun	oci	tiroir	noun	fra
Miquèl	properNoun	oci	Michel	properNoun	fra
Miquèl	properNoun	oci	Miquèl	properNoun	fra
resoludament	adverb	oci	résolument	adverb	fra
estressar	verb	oci	stresser	verb	fra
Télécom	properNoun	oci	Télécom	properNoun	fra
Tàrrega	properNoun	oci	Tàrrega	properNoun	fra
79n	adjective	oci	79ème	adjective	fra
Nauta Sòna	properNoun	oci	Haute-Saône	properNoun	fra
Ainhoa	properNoun	oci	Ainhoa	properNoun	fra
nòm	noun	oci	nom	noun	fra
La Paz	properNoun	oci	La Paz	properNoun	fra
Mancha	properNoun	oci	Mancha	properNoun	fra
accionari	noun	oci	actionnaire	noun	fra
basicament	adverb	oci	basiquement	adverb	fra
esventament	noun	oci	éventement	noun	fra
demografia	noun	oci	démographie	noun	fra
Eric	properNoun	oci	Eric	properNoun	fra
dissimilar	verb	oci	dissimiler	verb	fra
Papillon	properNoun	oci	Papillon	properNoun	fra
Vaca	properNoun	oci	Vaca	properNoun	fra
Boj	properNoun	oci	Boj	properNoun	fra
Menezes	properNoun	oci	Menezes	properNoun	fra
Sauriol	properNoun	oci	Sauriol	properNoun	fra
miserablament	adverb	oci	misérablement	adverb	fra
Còsta d'Azur	properNoun	oci	Côte d'Azur	properNoun	fra
Fige	properNoun	oci	Fige	properNoun	fra
falsificacion	noun	oci	falsification	noun	fra
prosopopèia	noun	oci	prosopopée	noun	fra
Snowball	properNoun	oci	Snowball	properNoun	fra
isomorfia	noun	oci	isomorphie	noun	fra
gaullista	noun	oci	gaulliste	noun	fra
Lisbeth	properNoun	oci	Lisbeth	properNoun	fra
Aiacciu	properNoun	oci	Ajaccio	properNoun	fra
crida	noun	oci	appel	noun	fra
per a	preposition	oci	pour	preposition	fra
Benali	properNoun	oci	Benali	properNoun	fra
restar	verb	oci	soustraire	verb	fra
restar	verb	oci	rester	verb	fra
al delai	adverb	oci	au-delà	adverb	fra
Sant Martin	properNoun	oci	Saint-Martin	properNoun	fra
ròc	noun	oci	roc	noun	fra
ròc	noun	oci	rocher	noun	fra
Heathrow	properNoun	oci	Heathrow	properNoun	fra
confessar	verb	oci	confesser	verb	fra
confessar	verb	oci	avouer	verb	fra
captar	verb	oci	capter	verb	fra
Iacono	properNoun	oci	Iacono	properNoun	fra
gotic	adjective	oci	gothique	adjective	fra
betonica	noun	oci	bétoine	noun	fra
tap	noun	oci	tampon	noun	fra
tap	noun	oci	tuf	noun	fra
tap	noun	oci	bouchon	noun	fra
Terrones	properNoun	oci	Terrones	properNoun	fra
arrendar	verb	oci	louer	verb	fra
Alapont	properNoun	oci	Alapont	properNoun	fra
peticionari	noun	oci	pétitionnaire	noun	fra
libidinós	noun	oci	libidineux	noun	fra
omicidi	noun	oci	meurtre	noun	fra
omicidi	noun	oci	homicide	noun	fra
Roque	properNoun	oci	Roque	properNoun	fra
a rasís de	preposition	oci	tout près de	preposition	fra
Matamoros	properNoun	oci	Matamoros	properNoun	fra
semblança	noun	oci	ressemblance	noun	fra
cronologicament	adverb	oci	chronologiquement	adverb	fra
Massoud	properNoun	oci	Massoud	properNoun	fra
estipular	verb	oci	stipuler	verb	fra
rossèl	adjective	oci	jaune	adjective	fra
rossèl	adjective	oci	blond	adjective	fra
Sartorius	properNoun	oci	Sartorius	properNoun	fra
ussa	noun	oci	sourcil	noun	fra
brigalh	noun	oci	débris	noun	fra
brigalh	noun	oci	fragment	noun	fra
cru	adjective	oci	cru	adjective	fra
Lolita	properNoun	oci	Lolita	properNoun	fra
Borbon	properNoun	oci	Bourbon	properNoun	fra
boita	noun	oci	boîte	noun	fra
antipatia	noun	oci	antipathie	noun	fra
dreit	preposition	oci	en face de	preposition	fra
estudiós	adjective	oci	studieux	adjective	fra
Ardiaca	properNoun	oci	Ardiaca	properNoun	fra
Manuel	properNoun	oci	Manuel	properNoun	fra
Obas	properNoun	oci	Obas	properNoun	fra
Sealhunter	properNoun	oci	Sealhunter	properNoun	fra
constituent	adjective	oci	constituant	adjective	fra
pivòt	noun	oci	pivot	noun	fra
Broughton	properNoun	oci	Broughton	properNoun	fra
inèrme	adjective	oci	inerme	adjective	fra
desacordança	noun	oci	querelle	noun	fra
matinada	noun	oci	matinée	noun	fra
Ron	properNoun	oci	Ron	properNoun	fra
frequent	adjective	oci	fréquent	adjective	fra
abduccion	noun	oci	abduction	noun	fra
Bori	properNoun	oci	Bori	properNoun	fra
mobil	adjective	oci	portable	adjective	fra
mobil	adjective	oci	mobile	adjective	fra
contunhitat	noun	oci	continuité	noun	fra
estupid	noun	oci	stupide	noun	fra
Calveras	properNoun	oci	Calveras	properNoun	fra
cantonalisme	noun	oci	cantonalisme	noun	fra
desvelar	verb	oci	dévoiler	verb	fra
lingüisticament	adverb	oci	linguistiquement	adverb	fra
tahitian	noun	oci	tahitien	noun	fra
reparéisser	verb	oci	reparaître	verb	fra
Bosquet	properNoun	oci	Bosquet	properNoun	fra
limpada	noun	oci	glissement	noun	fra
limpada	noun	oci	glissade	noun	fra
Detonnancourt	properNoun	oci	Detonnancourt	properNoun	fra
Gevry	properNoun	oci	Gevry	properNoun	fra
Cocera	properNoun	oci	Cocera	properNoun	fra
Aranjuelo	properNoun	oci	Aranjuelo	properNoun	fra
Escribano	properNoun	oci	Escribano	properNoun	fra
Corella	properNoun	oci	Corella	properNoun	fra
inalienable	adjective	oci	inaliénable	adjective	fra
preocupacion	noun	oci	préoccupation	noun	fra
lima	noun	oci	limon	noun	fra
lima	noun	oci	lime	noun	fra
Índias	properNoun	oci	Indes	properNoun	fra
Joan Pau	properNoun	oci	Jean-Paul	properNoun	fra
Joan Pau	properNoun	oci	Joan Pau	properNoun	fra
espetar	verb	oci	crever	verb	fra
espetar	verb	oci	exploiter	verb	fra
espetar	verb	oci	exploser	verb	fra
Khrushchov	properNoun	oci	Khrouchtchev	properNoun	fra
fièira	noun	oci	foire	noun	fra
crèl	noun	oci	cicatrice	noun	fra
cosmetica	noun	oci	cosmétique	noun	fra
rancàs	noun	oci	rocher	noun	fra
etnopsicologia	noun	oci	ethnopsychologie	noun	fra
Anya	properNoun	oci	Anya	properNoun	fra
Napoléon	properNoun	oci	Napoléon	properNoun	fra
Casany	properNoun	oci	Casany	properNoun	fra
millenari	noun	oci	millénaire	noun	fra
Abba	properNoun	oci	Abba	properNoun	fra
Laprise	properNoun	oci	Laprise	properNoun	fra
pedon	noun	oci	piéton	noun	fra
Machado	properNoun	oci	Machado	properNoun	fra
Villeneuve	properNoun	oci	Villeneuve	properNoun	fra
òs	noun	oci	os	noun	fra
idrolizar	verb	oci	hydrolyser	verb	fra
fracassar	verb	oci	échouer	verb	fra
laborar	verb	oci	labourer	verb	fra
Maomet	properNoun	oci	Mahomet	properNoun	fra
monocromatic	adjective	oci	monochromatique	adjective	fra
Salaet	properNoun	oci	Salaet	properNoun	fra
mausolèu	noun	oci	mausolée	noun	fra
fraire	noun	oci	frère	noun	fra
Reznor	properNoun	oci	Reznor	properNoun	fra
còp	noun	oci	coup	noun	fra
còp	noun	oci	fois	noun	fra
Suárez	properNoun	oci	Suárez	properNoun	fra
N1	noun	oci	N1	noun	fra
epistemic	adjective	oci	épistémique	adjective	fra
nheuar	verb	oci	neiger	verb	fra
idrobiologia	noun	oci	hydrobiologie	noun	fra
rabàs	noun	oci	souche	noun	fra
rabàs	noun	oci	blaireau	noun	fra
neerlandés	noun	oci	néerlandais	noun	fra
transicion	noun	oci	transition	noun	fra
Décarie	properNoun	oci	Décarie	properNoun	fra
Mack	properNoun	oci	Mack	properNoun	fra
Bloomberg	properNoun	oci	Bloomberg	properNoun	fra
Arronategui	properNoun	oci	Arronategui	properNoun	fra
annexion	noun	oci	annexion	noun	fra
Nowitzki	properNoun	oci	Nowitzki	properNoun	fra
Rodrigues	properNoun	oci	Rodrigues	properNoun	fra
Samoisette	properNoun	oci	Samoisette	properNoun	fra
dialoguista	noun	oci	dialoguiste	noun	fra
Duffy	properNoun	oci	Duffy	properNoun	fra
baujariá	noun	oci	folie	noun	fra
bicromia	noun	oci	bichromie	noun	fra
desoxidar	verb	oci	désoxyder	verb	fra
egiptologia	noun	oci	égyptologie	noun	fra
simultanèament	adverb	oci	simultanément	adverb	fra
magic	adjective	oci	magique	adjective	fra
Gregori	properNoun	oci	Gregori	properNoun	fra
placard	noun	oci	placard	noun	fra
placard	noun	oci	affiche	noun	fra
Siguenza	properNoun	oci	Siguenza	properNoun	fra
Salat	properNoun	oci	Salat	properNoun	fra
romze	noun	oci	ronce	noun	fra
Balan	properNoun	oci	Balan	properNoun	fra
Dubois	properNoun	oci	Dubois	properNoun	fra
Anne-Sophie	properNoun	oci	Anne-Sophie	properNoun	fra
picapol	noun	oci	picpoul	noun	fra
Puyuelo	properNoun	oci	Puyuelo	properNoun	fra
salin	adjective	oci	salin	adjective	fra
Geneviève	properNoun	oci	Geneviève	properNoun	fra
pensionari	noun	oci	pensionnaire	noun	fra
persona	noun	oci	personne	noun	fra
Fitzmorris	properNoun	oci	Fitzmorris	properNoun	fra
Sardá	properNoun	oci	Sardá	properNoun	fra
novèl	adjective	oci	nouveau	adjective	fra
notícia	noun	oci	nouvelle	noun	fra
babau	noun	oci	bestiole	noun	fra
Orts	properNoun	oci	Orts	properNoun	fra
Trías	properNoun	oci	Trías	properNoun	fra
cap	noun	oci	tête	noun	fra
cap	noun	oci	chef	noun	fra
cap	noun	oci	vers	noun	fra
cap	noun	oci	cap	noun	fra
Borreguero	properNoun	oci	Borreguero	properNoun	fra
passadoira	noun	oci	passoire	noun	fra
joule	noun	oci	joule	noun	fra
Neeposh	properNoun	oci	Neeposh	properNoun	fra
idronimic	adjective	oci	hydronymique	adjective	fra
Añez	properNoun	oci	Añez	properNoun	fra
Skrela	properNoun	oci	Skrela	properNoun	fra
Truchon	properNoun	oci	Truchon	properNoun	fra
Salvá	properNoun	oci	Salvá	properNoun	fra
desgatjar	verb	oci	dégager	verb	fra
inadaptable	adjective	oci	inadaptable	adjective	fra
Lasalle	properNoun	oci	Lasalle	properNoun	fra
alarma	noun	oci	alarme	noun	fra
trebol	adjective	oci	flou	adjective	fra
trebol	adjective	oci	louche	adjective	fra
Corvillo	properNoun	oci	Corvillo	properNoun	fra
Moody	properNoun	oci	Moody	properNoun	fra
anabaptista	noun	oci	anabaptiste	noun	fra
Ligero	properNoun	oci	Ligero	properNoun	fra
invaliditat	noun	oci	invalidité	noun	fra
Vilajosana	properNoun	oci	Vilajosana	properNoun	fra
Molíns	properNoun	oci	Molíns	properNoun	fra
Mas i Pons	properNoun	oci	Mas i Pons	properNoun	fra
carnalatge	noun	oci	boucherie	noun	fra
carnalatge	noun	oci	massacre	noun	fra
carnalatge	noun	oci	carnage	noun	fra
Racanelli	properNoun	oci	Racanelli	properNoun	fra
invectivar	verb	oci	invectiver	verb	fra
Lavigne	properNoun	oci	Lavigne	properNoun	fra
Beaubrun	properNoun	oci	Beaubrun	properNoun	fra
toristic	adjective	oci	touristique	adjective	fra
Pacheco	properNoun	oci	Pacheco	properNoun	fra
Relaño	properNoun	oci	Relaño	properNoun	fra
CNT	noun	oci	CNT	noun	fra
sentimentalitat	noun	oci	sentimentalité	noun	fra
modista	noun	oci	modiste	noun	fra
Mcarthur	properNoun	oci	Mcarthur	properNoun	fra
estable	noun	oci	étable	noun	fra
Sellarés	properNoun	oci	Sellarés	properNoun	fra
Mereu	properNoun	oci	Mereu	properNoun	fra
infertilitat	noun	oci	infertilité	noun	fra
graisseta	noun	oci	mâche	noun	fra
tiron	noun	oci	canard	noun	fra
artèria	noun	oci	artère	noun	fra
sopa	noun	oci	soupe	noun	fra
Khalife	properNoun	oci	Khalife	properNoun	fra
estatgièra	noun	oci	étagère	noun	fra
Romans	properNoun	oci	Romans	properNoun	fra
Ivy	properNoun	oci	Ivy	properNoun	fra
lexicografe	noun	oci	lexicographe	noun	fra
Jena	properNoun	oci	Jena	properNoun	fra
Kaczynski	properNoun	oci	Kaczynski	properNoun	fra
Villamar	properNoun	oci	Villamar	properNoun	fra
ADSL	noun	oci	ADSL	noun	fra
Huard	properNoun	oci	Huard	properNoun	fra
diuendres	noun	oci	vendredi	noun	fra
litic	adjective	oci	lithique	adjective	fra
me	pronoun	oci	me	pronoun	fra
federatiu	adjective	oci	fédératif	adjective	fra
transfrontalièr	adjective	oci	transfrontalier	adjective	fra
autogestion	noun	oci	autogestion	noun	fra
caustic	adjective	oci	caustique	adjective	fra
Bertomeu	properNoun	oci	Bertomeu	properNoun	fra
Bradshaw	properNoun	oci	Bradshaw	properNoun	fra
Kafka	properNoun	oci	Kafka	properNoun	fra
Gagnon	properNoun	oci	Gagnon	properNoun	fra
Laurette	properNoun	oci	Laurette	properNoun	fra
Gruber	properNoun	oci	Gruber	properNoun	fra
Palleja	properNoun	oci	Palleja	properNoun	fra
profièit	noun	oci	profit	noun	fra
gostós	adjective	oci	goûteux	adjective	fra
inibidor	noun	oci	inhibiteur	noun	fra
desplaçar	verb	oci	décaler	verb	fra
desplaçar	verb	oci	déplacer	verb	fra
publicista	noun	oci	publiciste	noun	fra
Concha	properNoun	oci	Concha	properNoun	fra
botjar	verb	oci	mouvoir	verb	fra
botjar	verb	oci	bouger	verb	fra
Capell	properNoun	oci	Capell	properNoun	fra
resistivitat	noun	oci	résistivité	noun	fra
tòla	noun	oci	tôle	noun	fra
Jorro	properNoun	oci	Jorro	properNoun	fra
Olimp	properNoun	oci	Olympe	properNoun	fra
Mississipí	properNoun	oci	Mississippi	properNoun	fra
maltés	adjective	oci	maltais	adjective	fra
bilhard	noun	oci	billard	noun	fra
Amenta	properNoun	oci	Amenta	properNoun	fra
Maria Antonieta	properNoun	oci	Maria Antonieta	properNoun	fra
Maria Antonieta	properNoun	oci	Marie-Antoinette	properNoun	fra
caricaturar	verb	oci	caricaturer	verb	fra
Ghamraoui	properNoun	oci	Ghamraoui	properNoun	fra
Lorange	properNoun	oci	Lorange	properNoun	fra
Pascual	properNoun	oci	Pascual	properNoun	fra
Renedo	properNoun	oci	Renedo	properNoun	fra
Venne	properNoun	oci	Venne	properNoun	fra
CNRS	noun	oci	CNRS	noun	fra
Ruquier	properNoun	oci	Ruquier	properNoun	fra
Alemany	properNoun	oci	Alemany	properNoun	fra
Bissonnette	properNoun	oci	Bissonnette	properNoun	fra
Guardado	properNoun	oci	Guardado	properNoun	fra
prèst	noun	oci	prêt	noun	fra
Ainsley	properNoun	oci	Ainsley	properNoun	fra
Dolcet	properNoun	oci	Dolcet	properNoun	fra
jurisdiccion	noun	oci	juridiction	noun	fra
IEC	noun	oci	IEC	noun	fra
idra	noun	oci	hydre	noun	fra
Osete	properNoun	oci	Osete	properNoun	fra
trabuquet	noun	oci	trébuchet	noun	fra
eolian	adjective	oci	éolien	adjective	fra
mulet	noun	oci	mulet	noun	fra
aperténer	verb	oci	appartenir	verb	fra
analogia	noun	oci	analogie	noun	fra
provisòri	adjective	oci	provisoire	adjective	fra
irritat	adjective	oci	irrité	adjective	fra
Mailhot	properNoun	oci	Mailhot	properNoun	fra
Nostra	properNoun	oci	Nostra	properNoun	fra
preocupant	adjective	oci	préoccupant	adjective	fra
mòure	verb	oci	mouvoir	verb	fra
friolan	adjective	oci	frioulan	adjective	fra
investigar	verb	oci	rechercher	verb	fra
investigar	verb	oci	enquêter	verb	fra
investigar	verb	oci	investiguer	verb	fra
vòt	noun	oci	vote	noun	fra
vòt	noun	oci	souhait	noun	fra
vòt	noun	oci	vœu	noun	fra
Lux	properNoun	oci	Lux	properNoun	fra
kHz	noun	oci	kHz	noun	fra
ultranacionalista	noun	oci	ultranationaliste	noun	fra
netetat	noun	oci	netteté	noun	fra
netetat	noun	oci	propreté	noun	fra
de bon	adverb	oci	sérieusement	adverb	fra
afars exteriors	noun	oci	affaires étrangères	noun	fra
matematica	noun	oci	mathématique	noun	fra
pastèca	noun	oci	pastèque	noun	fra
prigonditat	noun	oci	profondeur	noun	fra
premissa	noun	oci	prémisse	noun	fra
Guidi	properNoun	oci	Guidi	properNoun	fra
Scalici	properNoun	oci	Scalici	properNoun	fra
Aranjo	properNoun	oci	Aranjo	properNoun	fra
Sorolla	properNoun	oci	Sorolla	properNoun	fra
inconscient	adjective	oci	inconscient	adjective	fra
ochanta un	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-un	numeral	fra
de rèiruèlh	adverb	oci	du coin de l'œil	adverb	fra
trena	noun	oci	tresse	noun	fra
Ridley	properNoun	oci	Ridley	properNoun	fra
jornalista	noun	oci	journaliste	noun	fra
fixisme	noun	oci	fixisme	noun	fra
aisina	noun	oci	outil	noun	fra
larg	adjective	oci	large	adjective	fra
ochanta sièis	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-six	numeral	fra
Ban	properNoun	oci	Ban	properNoun	fra
Richelieu	properNoun	oci	Richelieu	properNoun	fra
difusion	noun	oci	diffusion	noun	fra
Toll	properNoun	oci	Toll	properNoun	fra
intèrne	adjective	oci	interne	adjective	fra
calcul	noun	oci	calcul	noun	fra
Ramírez	properNoun	oci	Ramírez	properNoun	fra
confluéncia	noun	oci	confluent	noun	fra
confluéncia	noun	oci	confluence	noun	fra
pluralisme	noun	oci	pluralisme	noun	fra
Greene	properNoun	oci	Greene	properNoun	fra
blesta	noun	oci	écharpe	noun	fra
Mases	properNoun	oci	Mases	properNoun	fra
Dinh	properNoun	oci	Dinh	properNoun	fra
Mansilla	properNoun	oci	Mansilla	properNoun	fra
Fal·lopi	properNoun	oci	Fal·lopi	properNoun	fra
limonada	noun	oci	limonade	noun	fra
aperaquí	adverb	oci	environ	adverb	fra
aperaquí	adverb	oci	auprès	adverb	fra
aperaquí	adverb	oci	près	adverb	fra
aperaquí	adverb	oci	à côté	adverb	fra
aperaquí	adverb	oci	à peu près	adverb	fra
ressorça	noun	oci	ressource	noun	fra
sonque	adverb	oci	seulement	adverb	fra
sonque	adverb	oci	que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Demarco	properNoun	oci	Demarco	properNoun	fra
Puigdollers	properNoun	oci	Puigdollers	properNoun	fra
lèst	adjective	oci	dispos	adjective	fra
sensacionalisme	noun	oci	sensationnalisme	noun	fra
botarro	noun	oci	boudeur	noun	fra
aurelha	noun	oci	oreille	noun	fra
armorican	adjective	oci	armoricain	adjective	fra
estuflar	verb	oci	siffler	verb	fra
relativisme	noun	oci	relativisme	noun	fra
Barriault	properNoun	oci	Barriault	properNoun	fra
estrangièr	adjective	oci	étranger	adjective	fra
maòri	noun	oci	maori	noun	fra
protegir	verb	oci	protéger	verb	fra
Trottier	properNoun	oci	Trottier	properNoun	fra
Atomium	properNoun	oci	Atomium	properNoun	fra
occidentalizar	verb	oci	occidentaliser	verb	fra
nombrós	adjective	oci	nombreux	adjective	fra
citologia	noun	oci	cytologie	noun	fra
Beaunoyer	properNoun	oci	Beaunoyer	properNoun	fra
O'Carroll	properNoun	oci	O'Carroll	properNoun	fra
Wan	properNoun	oci	Wan	properNoun	fra
Marca	properNoun	oci	Marca	properNoun	fra
regulator	adjective	oci	régulateur	adjective	fra
Mantero	properNoun	oci	Mantero	properNoun	fra
destetar	verb	oci	sevrer	verb	fra
Sting	properNoun	oci	Sting	properNoun	fra
otramar	adverb	oci	outre-mer	adverb	fra
St-Yves	properNoun	oci	St-Yves	properNoun	fra
remenar	verb	oci	remuer	verb	fra
Daoud	properNoun	oci	Daoud	properNoun	fra
nonanta tres	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-treize	numeral	fra
Prats	properNoun	oci	Prats	properNoun	fra
desbarcar	verb	oci	débarquer	verb	fra
Combaud	properNoun	oci	Combaud	properNoun	fra
capable	adjective	oci	capable	adjective	fra
Joanchiquet	properNoun	oci	Joanchiquet	properNoun	fra
Cardin	properNoun	oci	Cardin	properNoun	fra
Jòcs Olimpics	properNoun	oci	Jeux olympiques	properNoun	fra
frequéncia	noun	oci	fréquence	noun	fra
depausar	verb	oci	déposer	verb	fra
cinquantau	adjective	oci	cinquantième	adjective	fra
Moretti	properNoun	oci	Moretti	properNoun	fra
tristor	noun	oci	tristesse	noun	fra
lexicografia	noun	oci	lexicographie	noun	fra
Àlex	properNoun	oci	Àlex	properNoun	fra
Gabas	properNoun	oci	Gabas	properNoun	fra
expansionisme	noun	oci	expansionnisme	noun	fra
Erica	properNoun	oci	Erica	properNoun	fra
Gisela	properNoun	oci	Gisela	properNoun	fra
Agosta	properNoun	oci	Agosta	properNoun	fra
susvelhar	verb	oci	surveiller	verb	fra
Proctor	properNoun	oci	Proctor	properNoun	fra
Gioffré	properNoun	oci	Gioffré	properNoun	fra
intentar	verb	oci	intenter	verb	fra
estandardizar	verb	oci	standardiser	verb	fra
abandon	noun	oci	abandon	noun	fra
Kemper	properNoun	oci	Quimper	properNoun	fra
impacient	adjective	oci	impatient	adjective	fra
modificacion	noun	oci	modification	noun	fra
Luca	properNoun	oci	Luca	properNoun	fra
sard	adjective	oci	sarde	adjective	fra
irremediable	adjective	oci	irrémédiable	adjective	fra
Radu	properNoun	oci	Radu	properNoun	fra
Colomèrs	properNoun	oci	Colomèrs	properNoun	fra
Raad	properNoun	oci	Raad	properNoun	fra
Fonts	properNoun	oci	Fonts	properNoun	fra
de mens en mens	adverb	oci	de moins en moins	adverb	fra
calar	verb	oci	caler	verb	fra
calar	verb	oci	taire	verb	fra
proteccion	noun	oci	protection	noun	fra
Belinda	properNoun	oci	Belinda	properNoun	fra
Arvisais	properNoun	oci	Arvisais	properNoun	fra
Balkany	properNoun	oci	Balkany	properNoun	fra
Salguero	properNoun	oci	Salguero	properNoun	fra
Loir e Char	properNoun	oci	Loir-et-Cher	properNoun	fra
Laurion	properNoun	oci	Laurion	properNoun	fra
analògue	noun	oci	analogue	noun	fra
gasèla	noun	oci	gazelle	noun	fra
Kali	properNoun	oci	Kali	properNoun	fra
joen	adjective	oci	jeune	adjective	fra
Sinatra	properNoun	oci	Sinatra	properNoun	fra
crime	noun	oci	crime	noun	fra
istoricament	adverb	oci	historiquement	adverb	fra
grafia	noun	oci	graphie	noun	fra
Italia	properNoun	oci	Italia	properNoun	fra
poparèla	noun	oci	biberon	noun	fra
esporangi	noun	oci	sporange	noun	fra
generalisar	verb	oci	généraliser	verb	fra
Albareda	properNoun	oci	Albareda	properNoun	fra
Claudio	properNoun	oci	Claudio	properNoun	fra
inserit	adjective	oci	inséré	adjective	fra
foratge	noun	oci	forage	noun	fra
dempús de	preposition	oci	après	preposition	fra
Senis	properNoun	oci	Senis	properNoun	fra
gaire	adverb	oci	guère	adverb	fra
mochet	noun	oci	bonbon	noun	fra
carrejar	verb	oci	voiturer	verb	fra
carrejar	verb	oci	charrier	verb	fra
Vigo	properNoun	oci	Vigo	properNoun	fra
instaurar	verb	oci	instaurer	verb	fra
etica	noun	oci	éthique	noun	fra
Aguila	properNoun	oci	Aguila	properNoun	fra
cendre	noun	oci	cendre	noun	fra
Neuilly	properNoun	oci	Neuilly	properNoun	fra
consultar	verb	oci	consulter	verb	fra
Mendiola	properNoun	oci	Mendiola	properNoun	fra
Cresson	properNoun	oci	Cresson	properNoun	fra
Bouquet	properNoun	oci	Bouquet	properNoun	fra
88n	adjective	oci	88ème	adjective	fra
prèst	adjective	oci	prêt	adjective	fra
Bastidas	properNoun	oci	Bastidas	properNoun	fra
Albarral	properNoun	oci	Albarral	properNoun	fra
saudian	adjective	oci	saoudien	adjective	fra
tilhòl	noun	oci	tilleul	noun	fra
escafandre	noun	oci	scaphandre	noun	fra
Paz	properNoun	oci	Paz	properNoun	fra
anamorfic	adjective	oci	anamorphique	adjective	fra
Rashid	properNoun	oci	Rashid	properNoun	fra
Tanzania	properNoun	oci	Tanzanie	properNoun	fra
sortir	verb	oci	sortir	verb	fra
sortir	verb	oci	ressortir	verb	fra
Asaro	properNoun	oci	Asaro	properNoun	fra
monge	noun	oci	moine	noun	fra
Santonge	properNoun	oci	Saintonge	properNoun	fra
Hottot	properNoun	oci	Hottot	properNoun	fra
inabilitar	verb	oci	inhabiliter	verb	fra
gonada	noun	oci	gonade	noun	fra
Fulton	properNoun	oci	Fulton	properNoun	fra
vicari	noun	oci	vicaire	noun	fra
avenc	noun	oci	gouffre	noun	fra
avenc	noun	oci	aven	noun	fra
Juana	properNoun	oci	Juana	properNoun	fra
McDonald's	properNoun	oci	McDonald's	properNoun	fra
bronze	noun	oci	bronze	noun	fra
alarmar	verb	oci	alarmer	verb	fra
Bergam	properNoun	oci	Bergame	properNoun	fra
Mirabet	properNoun	oci	Mirabet	properNoun	fra
Karin	properNoun	oci	Karin	properNoun	fra
tirat	preposition	oci	hormis	preposition	fra
Mazo	properNoun	oci	Mazo	properNoun	fra
veitura	noun	oci	automobile	noun	fra
veitura	noun	oci	voiture	noun	fra
Boomerang	properNoun	oci	Boomerang	properNoun	fra
Marks	properNoun	oci	Marks	properNoun	fra
accessòris	noun	oci	accessoires	noun	fra
Segovia	properNoun	oci	Segovia	properNoun	fra
Isern	properNoun	oci	Isern	properNoun	fra
Panera	properNoun	oci	Panera	properNoun	fra
Delaurens	properNoun	oci	Delaurens	properNoun	fra
Samaniego	properNoun	oci	Samaniego	properNoun	fra
exibicion	noun	oci	exhibition	noun	fra
capa	noun	oci	chape	noun	fra
capa	noun	oci	cape	noun	fra
capa	noun	oci	nappe	noun	fra
aciclic	adjective	oci	acyclique	adjective	fra
Courchesne	properNoun	oci	Courchesne	properNoun	fra
Guardamar	properNoun	oci	Guardamar	properNoun	fra
pròpriament	adverb	oci	proprement	adverb	fra
Bouazza	properNoun	oci	Bouazza	properNoun	fra
carbon	noun	oci	charbon	noun	fra
repugnància	noun	oci	répugnance	noun	fra
bren	noun	oci	sciure	noun	fra
bren	noun	oci	bran	noun	fra
cerièr	noun	oci	cerisier	noun	fra
clau	noun	oci	clef	noun	fra
clau	noun	oci	clou	noun	fra
clau	noun	oci	clé	noun	fra
desnuclearizar	verb	oci	dénucléariser	verb	fra
sens	noun	oci	sens	noun	fra
majoritari	adjective	oci	majoritaire	adjective	fra
quadrifonic	adjective	oci	quadriphonique	adjective	fra
Chaves	properNoun	oci	Chaves	properNoun	fra
acceptar	verb	oci	accepter	verb	fra
acceptar	verb	oci	agréer	verb	fra
Pamela	properNoun	oci	Pamela	properNoun	fra
paleobotanista	noun	oci	paléobotaniste	noun	fra
Diaby	properNoun	oci	Diaby	properNoun	fra
firma	noun	oci	enseigne	noun	fra
firma	noun	oci	signature	noun	fra
firma	noun	oci	firme	noun	fra
Mianscum	properNoun	oci	Mianscum	properNoun	fra
pòni	noun	oci	poney	noun	fra
paleta	noun	oci	palette	noun	fra
paleta	noun	oci	omoplate	noun	fra
elitista	noun	oci	élitiste	noun	fra
estatistician	noun	oci	statisticien	noun	fra
pneumonia	noun	oci	pneumonie	noun	fra
celèbre	adjective	oci	célèbre	adjective	fra
Éros	properNoun	oci	Éros	properNoun	fra
Seddio	properNoun	oci	Seddio	properNoun	fra
Zhan	properNoun	oci	Zhan	properNoun	fra
inscríuer	verb	oci	inscrire	verb	fra
cruissentena	noun	oci	cartilage	noun	fra
Greenberg	properNoun	oci	Greenberg	properNoun	fra
superar	verb	oci	surmonter	verb	fra
superar	verb	oci	surpasser	verb	fra
dubte	noun	oci	doute	noun	fra
Muñoz	properNoun	oci	Muñoz	properNoun	fra
Arauz	properNoun	oci	Arauz	properNoun	fra
cintar	verb	oci	ceindre	verb	fra
Imbernón	properNoun	oci	Imbernón	properNoun	fra
en comun	adverb	oci	en commun	adverb	fra
Hornos	properNoun	oci	Hornos	properNoun	fra
uniformitat	noun	oci	uniformité	noun	fra
Corominas	properNoun	oci	Corominas	properNoun	fra
Rubia	properNoun	oci	Rubia	properNoun	fra
Adolfo	properNoun	oci	Adolfo	properNoun	fra
Bering	properNoun	oci	Bering	properNoun	fra
Kansas	properNoun	oci	Kansas	properNoun	fra
Kamal	properNoun	oci	Kamal	properNoun	fra
finlandés	adjective	oci	finlandais	adjective	fra
agrari	adjective	oci	agraire	adjective	fra
Maisonneuve	properNoun	oci	Maisonneuve	properNoun	fra
destroièr	noun	oci	destroyer	noun	fra
Eva	properNoun	oci	Eva	properNoun	fra
Saladrigas	properNoun	oci	Saladrigas	properNoun	fra
Deusto	properNoun	oci	Deusto	properNoun	fra
Tabero	properNoun	oci	Tabero	properNoun	fra
afonia	noun	oci	aphonie	noun	fra
radicalizacion	noun	oci	radicalisation	noun	fra
Georgia del Sud e Sandwich del Sud	properNoun	oci	Géorgie du Sud-et-les Îles Sandwich du Sud	properNoun	fra
Bettez	properNoun	oci	Bettez	properNoun	fra
Aliás	properNoun	oci	Aliás	properNoun	fra
Lujanbio	properNoun	oci	Lujanbio	properNoun	fra
Panadero	properNoun	oci	Panadero	properNoun	fra
urbanistic	adjective	oci	urbanistique	adjective	fra
plànher	verb	oci	plaindre	verb	fra
plànher	verb	oci	regretter	verb	fra
plànher	verb	oci	déplorer	verb	fra
Paiva	properNoun	oci	Paiva	properNoun	fra
Manglano	properNoun	oci	Manglano	properNoun	fra
Tate	properNoun	oci	Tate	properNoun	fra
budèth	noun	oci	intestin	noun	fra
Gramenet	properNoun	oci	Gramenet	properNoun	fra
Calixte	properNoun	oci	Calixte	properNoun	fra
mala	noun	oci	valise	noun	fra
mala	noun	oci	malle	noun	fra
desparéisser	verb	oci	disparaître	verb	fra
Puché	properNoun	oci	Puché	properNoun	fra
Peró	properNoun	oci	Pérou	properNoun	fra
Josef	properNoun	oci	Josef	properNoun	fra
Austria	properNoun	oci	Autriche	properNoun	fra
incarnar	verb	oci	incarner	verb	fra
Montero	properNoun	oci	Montero	properNoun	fra
Hay	properNoun	oci	Hay	properNoun	fra
Alcott	properNoun	oci	Alcott	properNoun	fra
desformar	verb	oci	déformer	verb	fra
Ciceró	properNoun	oci	Ciceró	properNoun	fra
Foguet	properNoun	oci	Foguet	properNoun	fra
Ladurantaye	properNoun	oci	Ladurantaye	properNoun	fra
Said	properNoun	oci	Said	properNoun	fra
negatiu	adjective	oci	négatif	adjective	fra
bescuèit	noun	oci	biscuit	noun	fra
pròche	adjective	oci	proche	adjective	fra
alternativa	noun	oci	alternative	noun	fra
Estalella	properNoun	oci	Estalella	properNoun	fra
napolitan	adjective	oci	napolitain	adjective	fra
Caro	properNoun	oci	Caro	properNoun	fra
preservatiu	noun	oci	préservatif	noun	fra
genealogicament	adverb	oci	généalogiquement	adverb	fra
Gatzagaetxebarria	properNoun	oci	Gatzagaetxebarria	properNoun	fra
correlatiu	adjective	oci	corrélatif	adjective	fra
Ennis	properNoun	oci	Ennis	properNoun	fra
gras	noun	oci	gras	noun	fra
gras	noun	oci	degré	noun	fra
Fatsini	properNoun	oci	Fatsini	properNoun	fra
Auts Aups	properNoun	oci	Hautes-Alpes	properNoun	fra
Slater	properNoun	oci	Slater	properNoun	fra
Coronel	properNoun	oci	Coronel	properNoun	fra
omnipresent	adjective	oci	omniprésent	adjective	fra
Lorenzo	properNoun	oci	Lorenzo	properNoun	fra
inexplorat	adjective	oci	inexploré	adjective	fra
fondator	noun	oci	fondateur	noun	fra
fantassin	noun	oci	fantassin	noun	fra
Bressolas	properNoun	oci	Bressolas	properNoun	fra
lingüistica	noun	oci	linguistique	noun	fra
noga	noun	oci	noix	noun	fra
PlayStation 4	properNoun	oci	PlayStation 4	properNoun	fra
Guillaume	properNoun	oci	Guillaume	properNoun	fra
mus	noun	oci	museau	noun	fra
abruptament	adverb	oci	abruptement	adverb	fra
Rioja	properNoun	oci	Rioja	properNoun	fra
videojòc	noun	oci	jeu vidéo	noun	fra
gemmologia	noun	oci	gemmologie	noun	fra
crimi	noun	oci	crime	noun	fra
Fadel	properNoun	oci	Fadel	properNoun	fra
Salerno	properNoun	oci	Salerno	properNoun	fra
indexat	adjective	oci	indexé	adjective	fra
Vinardell	properNoun	oci	Vinardell	properNoun	fra
Connery	properNoun	oci	Connery	properNoun	fra
20n	adjective	oci	20ème	adjective	fra
concordant	adjective	oci	concordant	adjective	fra
Berthe	properNoun	oci	Berthe	properNoun	fra
ordinàriament	adverb	oci	ordinairement	adverb	fra
Luce	properNoun	oci	Luce	properNoun	fra
Halgand	properNoun	oci	Halgand	properNoun	fra
cinquanta	numeral	oci	cinquante	numeral	fra
Barkate	properNoun	oci	Barkate	properNoun	fra
Lao	properNoun	oci	Lao	properNoun	fra
Delarosbil	properNoun	oci	Delarosbil	properNoun	fra
Turpin	properNoun	oci	Turpin	properNoun	fra
Lundberg	properNoun	oci	Lundberg	properNoun	fra
iatrogèn	adjective	oci	iatrogène	adjective	fra
Columbus	properNoun	oci	Columbus	properNoun	fra
Mignacca	properNoun	oci	Mignacca	properNoun	fra
Vélez	properNoun	oci	Vélez	properNoun	fra
Pallarols	properNoun	oci	Pallarols	properNoun	fra
Fnac	properNoun	oci	Fnac	properNoun	fra
ABB	noun	oci	ABB	noun	fra
Albèrta	properNoun	oci	Alberta	properNoun	fra
Wi Fi	properNoun	oci	Wi-Fi	properNoun	fra
catequisme	noun	oci	catéchisme	noun	fra
Bronsky	properNoun	oci	Bronsky	properNoun	fra
peissonós	adjective	oci	poissonneux	adjective	fra
cantaire	noun	oci	chanteur	noun	fra
educar	verb	oci	éduquer	verb	fra
previsiblament	adverb	oci	prévisiblement	adverb	fra
Gendron	properNoun	oci	Gendron	properNoun	fra
occitanisme	noun	oci	occitanisme	noun	fra
Recep	properNoun	oci	Recep	properNoun	fra
Cortinas	properNoun	oci	Cortinas	properNoun	fra
minoritat	noun	oci	minorité	noun	fra
Teasdale	properNoun	oci	Teasdale	properNoun	fra
viston	noun	oci	pupille	noun	fra
O'Shea	properNoun	oci	O'Shea	properNoun	fra
agènda	noun	oci	agenda	noun	fra
aplicacion	noun	oci	application	noun	fra
Uruguai	properNoun	oci	Uruguay	properNoun	fra
tranquillitat	noun	oci	tranquillité	noun	fra
recompensar	verb	oci	récompenser	verb	fra
Azcón	properNoun	oci	Azcón	properNoun	fra
Rupert	properNoun	oci	Rupert	properNoun	fra
reanimar	verb	oci	réanimer	verb	fra
francofòn	adjective	oci	francophone	adjective	fra
Borghol	properNoun	oci	Borghol	properNoun	fra
Majeau	properNoun	oci	Majeau	properNoun	fra
Tarkovskii	properNoun	oci	Tarkovski	properNoun	fra
vencut	noun	oci	vaincu	noun	fra
externalizacion	noun	oci	externalisation	noun	fra
anament	noun	oci	allure	noun	fra
obrejar	verb	oci	inciser	verb	fra
obrejar	verb	oci	tailler	verb	fra
obrejar	verb	oci	sabrer	verb	fra
obrejar	verb	oci	couper	verb	fra
obrejar	verb	oci	trancher	verb	fra
Mafalda	properNoun	oci	Mafalda	properNoun	fra
Casp	properNoun	oci	Caspe	properNoun	fra
Stokes	properNoun	oci	Stokes	properNoun	fra
safari	noun	oci	safari	noun	fra
antifaissista	adjective	oci	antifasciste	adjective	fra
erudit	adjective	oci	érudit	adjective	fra
Ayestaran	properNoun	oci	Ayestaran	properNoun	fra
Sirvent	properNoun	oci	Sirvent	properNoun	fra
Emile	properNoun	oci	Emile	properNoun	fra
roergàs	adjective	oci	rouergat	adjective	fra
autosufisença	noun	oci	autosuffisance	noun	fra
malaürós	adjective	oci	malheureux	adjective	fra
explica	noun	oci	explication	noun	fra
idrogenar	verb	oci	hydrogéner	verb	fra
culhièr	noun	oci	cuillère	noun	fra
Andrinua	properNoun	oci	Andrinua	properNoun	fra
cantaire	adjective	oci	chanteur	adjective	fra
a condicion que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	à condition que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
a condicion que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	sous réserve que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Culcasi	properNoun	oci	Culcasi	properNoun	fra
significar	verb	oci	signifier	verb	fra
pedagògue	noun	oci	pédagogue	noun	fra
nevós	adjective	oci	neigeux	adjective	fra
pas	adverb	oci	pas	adverb	fra
pas	adverb	oci	non	adverb	fra
pas	adverb	oci	ne	adverb	fra
mosaïc	noun	oci	mosaïque	noun	fra
gisclar	verb	oci	jaillir	verb	fra
placid	adjective	oci	placide	adjective	fra
flandrinaire	noun	oci	lambin	noun	fra
Monedero	properNoun	oci	Monedero	properNoun	fra
un	numeral	oci	un	numeral	fra
armat	adjective	oci	armé	adjective	fra
Thyssen	properNoun	oci	Thyssen	properNoun	fra
Gèli	properNoun	oci	Gèli	properNoun	fra
Gèli	properNoun	oci	Gilles	properNoun	fra
Comellas	properNoun	oci	Comellas	properNoun	fra
Pascua	properNoun	oci	Pascua	properNoun	fra
Tubau	properNoun	oci	Tubau	properNoun	fra
Bono Martinez	properNoun	oci	Bono Martinez	properNoun	fra
psiquè	noun	oci	psyché	noun	fra
Carty	properNoun	oci	Carty	properNoun	fra
quèrre	verb	oci	chercher	verb	fra
quèrre	verb	oci	quérir	verb	fra
Bismarck	properNoun	oci	Bismarck	properNoun	fra
sandinista	noun	oci	sandiniste	noun	fra
neofascista	adjective	oci	néofasciste	adjective	fra
congolés	noun	oci	Congolais	noun	fra
descrocar	verb	oci	décrocher	verb	fra
Davey	properNoun	oci	Davey	properNoun	fra
pistar	verb	oci	pister	verb	fra
Manzano	properNoun	oci	Manzano	properNoun	fra
Aiúbid	properNoun	oci	Aiúbid	properNoun	fra
dogmaticament	adverb	oci	dogmatiquement	adverb	fra
prospèr	adjective	oci	prospère	adjective	fra
Argento	properNoun	oci	Argento	properNoun	fra
relèu	noun	oci	relief	noun	fra
James	properNoun	oci	James	properNoun	fra
adveccion	noun	oci	advection	noun	fra
Moscuzza	properNoun	oci	Moscuzza	properNoun	fra
combinatòri	adjective	oci	combinatoire	adjective	fra
Bidegare	properNoun	oci	Bidegare	properNoun	fra
Isach	properNoun	oci	Isach	properNoun	fra
gessuda	noun	oci	sortie	noun	fra
gessuda	noun	oci	issue	noun	fra
Jérémy	properNoun	oci	Jérémy	properNoun	fra
Magallon	properNoun	oci	Magallon	properNoun	fra
ceramica	adjective	oci	céramique	adjective	fra
celibat	noun	oci	célibat	noun	fra
botinaire	noun	oci	boudeur	noun	fra
ressorsa	noun	oci	ressource	noun	fra
aranha	noun	oci	araignée	noun	fra
aranha	noun	oci	vive	noun	fra
Kyprianou	properNoun	oci	Kyprianou	properNoun	fra
atribut	noun	oci	attribut	noun	fra
clientelisme	noun	oci	clientélisme	noun	fra
Cannon	properNoun	oci	Cannon	properNoun	fra
responsabilizar	verb	oci	responsabiliser	verb	fra
institucionalizacion	noun	oci	institutionnalisation	noun	fra
interiorizacion	noun	oci	intériorisation	noun	fra
Olaizola	properNoun	oci	Olaizola	properNoun	fra
Bas	properNoun	oci	Bas	properNoun	fra
convertible	adjective	oci	convertible	adjective	fra
professionalament	adverb	oci	professionnellement	adverb	fra
Martorí	properNoun	oci	Martorí	properNoun	fra
Eulàlia	properNoun	oci	Eulàlia	properNoun	fra
Néron	properNoun	oci	Néron	properNoun	fra
Juste	properNoun	oci	Juste	properNoun	fra
Alos	properNoun	oci	Alos	properNoun	fra
Cadafalch	properNoun	oci	Cadafalch	properNoun	fra
caritatiu	adjective	oci	caritatif	adjective	fra
desbarcador	noun	oci	débarcadère	noun	fra
Fevrier	properNoun	oci	Fevrier	properNoun	fra
Albo	properNoun	oci	Albo	properNoun	fra
impopular	adjective	oci	impopulaire	adjective	fra
gasòl	noun	oci	gasoil	noun	fra
torax	noun	oci	thorax	noun	fra
antisemita	adjective	oci	antisémite	adjective	fra
Leonides	properNoun	oci	Léonidas	properNoun	fra
calcificacion	noun	oci	calcification	noun	fra
feble	noun	oci	faible	noun	fra
Stoppard	properNoun	oci	Stoppard	properNoun	fra
Brisson	properNoun	oci	Brisson	properNoun	fra
Font de Mora y Turón	properNoun	oci	Font de Mora y Turón	properNoun	fra
vivent	adjective	oci	vivant	adjective	fra
pilòt	noun	oci	pilote	noun	fra
azèri	adjective	oci	azerbaïdjanais	adjective	fra
azèri	adjective	oci	azéri	adjective	fra
retrach	noun	oci	portrait	noun	fra
Izzo	properNoun	oci	Izzo	properNoun	fra
Ulrich	properNoun	oci	Ulrich	properNoun	fra
cambiar	verb	oci	changer	verb	fra
cambiar	verb	oci	troquer	verb	fra
Torres	properNoun	oci	Torres	properNoun	fra
repetitivament	adverb	oci	répétitivement	adverb	fra
Hortefeux	properNoun	oci	Hortefeux	properNoun	fra
extravagant	adjective	oci	extravagant	adjective	fra
Meseguer	properNoun	oci	Meseguer	properNoun	fra
trenta uèit	numeral	oci	trente-huit	numeral	fra
agre	adjective	oci	aigre	adjective	fra
animal	noun	oci	animal	noun	fra
Paloma	properNoun	oci	Paloma	properNoun	fra
limb	noun	oci	limbe	noun	fra
governament	noun	oci	gouvernement	noun	fra
governament	noun	oci	mandat	noun	fra
classificar	verb	oci	classifier	verb	fra
classificar	verb	oci	classer	verb	fra
blanquetat	noun	oci	blancheur	noun	fra
manipular	verb	oci	manipuler	verb	fra
Eleonora	properNoun	oci	Eleonora	properNoun	fra
Ros	properNoun	oci	Ros	properNoun	fra
Saint-Louis	properNoun	oci	Saint-Louis	properNoun	fra
Saperas	properNoun	oci	Saperas	properNoun	fra
machista	noun	oci	machiste	noun	fra
articular	adjective	oci	articulaire	adjective	fra
amolaire	noun	oci	rémouleur	noun	fra
Ilham	properNoun	oci	Ilham	properNoun	fra
reaccion	noun	oci	réaction	noun	fra
Gabriella	properNoun	oci	Gabriella	properNoun	fra
Abdelaziz	properNoun	oci	Abdelaziz	properNoun	fra
sabata	noun	oci	chaussure	noun	fra
sabata	noun	oci	soulier	noun	fra
luòc	noun	oci	lieu	noun	fra
luòc	noun	oci	endroit	noun	fra
abolicion	noun	oci	abolition	noun	fra
instantanèu	adjective	oci	instantané	adjective	fra
89n	adjective	oci	89ème	adjective	fra
indivisibilitat	noun	oci	indivisibilité	noun	fra
aunestetat	noun	oci	honnêteté	noun	fra
inflamatòri	adjective	oci	inflammatoire	adjective	fra
Chené	properNoun	oci	Chené	properNoun	fra
Busque	properNoun	oci	Busque	properNoun	fra
Ventre	properNoun	oci	Ventre	properNoun	fra
creador	noun	oci	créateur	noun	fra
Grifell	properNoun	oci	Grifell	properNoun	fra
Nortes	properNoun	oci	Nortes	properNoun	fra
diftongar	verb	oci	diphtonguer	verb	fra
Pepsi	properNoun	oci	Pepsi	properNoun	fra
cara	noun	oci	face	noun	fra
cara	noun	oci	visage	noun	fra
cara	noun	oci	chère	noun	fra
cara	noun	oci	gueule	noun	fra
boxaire	adjective	oci	boxeur	adjective	fra
auditòri	noun	oci	auditoire	noun	fra
evasion	noun	oci	évasion	noun	fra
Salt	properNoun	oci	Salt	properNoun	fra
ALM	properNoun	oci	ALM	properNoun	fra
anatomia	noun	oci	anatomie	noun	fra
sacralizacion	noun	oci	sacralisation	noun	fra
ainat	adjective	oci	aîné	adjective	fra
neciesa	noun	oci	naïveté	noun	fra
meteis	adjective	oci	même	adjective	fra
concordar	verb	oci	concorder	verb	fra
tub	noun	oci	tuyau	noun	fra
tub	noun	oci	tube	noun	fra
narrator	noun	oci	narrateur	noun	fra
Diamante	properNoun	oci	Diamante	properNoun	fra
desbarcada	noun	oci	débarquement	noun	fra
desbarcada	noun	oci	débarcadère	noun	fra
Salazar	properNoun	oci	Salazar	properNoun	fra
indispensable	adjective	oci	indispensable	adjective	fra
pargue	noun	oci	parking	noun	fra
pargue	noun	oci	parc	noun	fra
Vaquer	properNoun	oci	Vaquer	properNoun	fra
mut	noun	oci	muet	noun	fra
duo	noun	oci	duo	noun	fra
von der Schulenburg	properNoun	oci	von der Schulenburg	properNoun	fra
porcelana	noun	oci	porcelaine	noun	fra
Camíns	properNoun	oci	Camíns	properNoun	fra
enciclopedic	adjective	oci	encyclopédique	adjective	fra
malléable	adjective	oci	malleable	adjective	fra
lesina	noun	oci	lésine	noun	fra
Burnham	properNoun	oci	Burnham	properNoun	fra
Bernardi	properNoun	oci	Bernardi	properNoun	fra
devant	adverb	oci	devant	adverb	fra
La Follette	properNoun	oci	La Follette	properNoun	fra
Middleton	properNoun	oci	Middleton	properNoun	fra
Feria	properNoun	oci	Feria	properNoun	fra
Foucher	properNoun	oci	Foucher	properNoun	fra
Raventós	properNoun	oci	Raventós	properNoun	fra
Pirina	properNoun	oci	Pirina	properNoun	fra
scientific	adjective	oci	scientifique	adjective	fra
Dugal	properNoun	oci	Dugal	properNoun	fra
barisfèra	noun	oci	barysphère	noun	fra
brusc	adjective	oci	brusque	adjective	fra
Bagué	properNoun	oci	Bagué	properNoun	fra
Parente	properNoun	oci	Parente	properNoun	fra
mariòta	noun	oci	marionnette	noun	fra
gents	noun	oci	gens	noun	fra
Élémond	properNoun	oci	Élémond	properNoun	fra
panatòri	noun	oci	vol	noun	fra
ordenar	verb	oci	sommer	verb	fra
ordenar	verb	oci	commander	verb	fra
ordenar	verb	oci	ranger	verb	fra
ordenar	verb	oci	ordonner	verb	fra
substrat	noun	oci	substrat	noun	fra
esglasiar	verb	oci	terrifier	verb	fra
Betty	properNoun	oci	Betty	properNoun	fra
Dessi	properNoun	oci	Dessi	properNoun	fra
gipa	noun	oci	jupe	noun	fra
Chouinard	properNoun	oci	Chouinard	properNoun	fra
Laplante	properNoun	oci	Laplante	properNoun	fra
Damboise	properNoun	oci	Damboise	properNoun	fra
Etxebarria	properNoun	oci	Etxebarria	properNoun	fra
Zahonero	properNoun	oci	Zahonero	properNoun	fra
vinten	adjective	oci	vingtième	adjective	fra
cacalaus	noun	oci	arrobe	noun	fra
sol	noun	oci	seul	noun	fra
teorizar	verb	oci	théoriser	verb	fra
barcarés	noun	oci	port	noun	fra
Firrincieli	properNoun	oci	Firrincieli	properNoun	fra
Barbara	properNoun	oci	Barbara	properNoun	fra
Tarkovski	properNoun	oci	Tarkovski	properNoun	fra
ETA	noun	oci	ETA	noun	fra
miasma	noun	oci	miasme	noun	fra
justificatiu	noun	oci	justificatif	noun	fra
clar	adjective	oci	clair	adjective	fra
clar	adjective	oci	clairsemé	adjective	fra
entreprer	verb	oci	entreprendre	verb	fra
Hauts Pirenèus	properNoun	oci	Hautes-Pyrénées	properNoun	fra
St-Vil	properNoun	oci	St-Vil	properNoun	fra
polonés	noun	oci	polonais	noun	fra
Vasco	properNoun	oci	Vasco	properNoun	fra
perpensar	verb	oci	méditer	verb	fra
Bélair	properNoun	oci	Bélair	properNoun	fra
von Holle	properNoun	oci	von Holle	properNoun	fra
esquiaire	noun	oci	skieur	noun	fra
tutejar	verb	oci	tutoyer	verb	fra
a espròva de	preposition	oci	à l'épreuve de	preposition	fra
opac	adjective	oci	opaque	adjective	fra
Durban	properNoun	oci	Durban	properNoun	fra
Civic	properNoun	oci	Civic	properNoun	fra
Fornieles	properNoun	oci	Fornieles	properNoun	fra
policentric	adjective	oci	polycentrique	adjective	fra
Alfosea	properNoun	oci	Alfosea	properNoun	fra
sacrat	adjective	oci	sacré	adjective	fra
Albi	properNoun	oci	Albi	properNoun	fra
Abuli	properNoun	oci	Abuli	properNoun	fra
Mariette	properNoun	oci	Mariette	properNoun	fra
avesque	noun	oci	évêque	noun	fra
cordar	verb	oci	boutonner	verb	fra
inutilitat	noun	oci	inutilité	noun	fra
en respècte de	preposition	oci	eu égard à	preposition	fra
Hammond	properNoun	oci	Hammond	properNoun	fra
dramatisme	noun	oci	dramatisme	noun	fra
Felip	properNoun	oci	Felip	properNoun	fra
Felip	properNoun	oci	Philippe	properNoun	fra
Tajuelo	properNoun	oci	Tajuelo	properNoun	fra
picaresc	adjective	oci	picaresque	adjective	fra
Zucca	properNoun	oci	Zucca	properNoun	fra
Valdivia	properNoun	oci	Valdivia	properNoun	fra
trombonista	noun	oci	tromboniste	noun	fra
filològue	noun	oci	philologue	noun	fra
Bescos	properNoun	oci	Bescos	properNoun	fra
amnesic	noun	oci	amnésique	noun	fra
Torras	properNoun	oci	Torras	properNoun	fra
Serra	properNoun	oci	Serra	properNoun	fra
injectiu	adjective	oci	injectif	adjective	fra
flexion	noun	oci	flexion	noun	fra
agapa	noun	oci	agape	noun	fra
servil	adjective	oci	servile	adjective	fra
Mayans	properNoun	oci	Mayans	properNoun	fra
Clot	properNoun	oci	Clot	properNoun	fra
recors	noun	oci	recours	noun	fra
isotòp	noun	oci	isotope	noun	fra
insurgir	verb	oci	insurger	verb	fra
despacientar	verb	oci	impatienter	verb	fra
devath	adverb	oci	dessous	adverb	fra
inumanament	adverb	oci	inhumainement	adverb	fra
artefacte	noun	oci	engin	noun	fra
artefacte	noun	oci	artefact	noun	fra
piòisha	noun	oci	pioche	noun	fra
Vaquero	properNoun	oci	Vaquero	properNoun	fra
sublim	adjective	oci	sublime	adjective	fra
faure	noun	oci	forgeron	noun	fra
onorari	noun	oci	honoraire	noun	fra
protagonista	noun	oci	protagoniste	noun	fra
senhalizacion	noun	oci	signalisation	noun	fra
val	noun	oci	val	noun	fra
val	noun	oci	douve	noun	fra
val	noun	oci	vallée	noun	fra
Lagarda	properNoun	oci	Lagarda	properNoun	fra
Palá	properNoun	oci	Palá	properNoun	fra
esquematic	adjective	oci	schématique	adjective	fra
exasperant	adjective	oci	exaspérant	adjective	fra
intransigent	adjective	oci	intransigeant	adjective	fra
tòr	noun	oci	gel	noun	fra
tòr	noun	oci	tore	noun	fra
pensar	verb	oci	aviser	verb	fra
pensar	verb	oci	penser	verb	fra
trincar	verb	oci	briser	verb	fra
trincar	verb	oci	rompre	verb	fra
trincar	verb	oci	casser	verb	fra
trincar	verb	oci	faire faillite	verb	fra
maquilhatge	noun	oci	maquillage	noun	fra
lagunari	adjective	oci	lagunaire	adjective	fra
calligrafia	noun	oci	calligraphie	noun	fra
Beijing	properNoun	oci	Beijing	properNoun	fra
Tsvetaeva	properNoun	oci	Tsvetaeva	properNoun	fra
Emilio	properNoun	oci	Emilio	properNoun	fra
Lleonart	properNoun	oci	Lleonart	properNoun	fra
Beckham	properNoun	oci	Beckham	properNoun	fra
artista	noun	oci	artiste	noun	fra
Espigares	properNoun	oci	Espigares	properNoun	fra
Millicent	properNoun	oci	Millicent	properNoun	fra
Deschênes	properNoun	oci	Deschênes	properNoun	fra
intravenós	adjective	oci	intraveineux	adjective	fra
Burke	properNoun	oci	Burke	properNoun	fra
Ayuso	properNoun	oci	Ayuso	properNoun	fra
McComber	properNoun	oci	McComber	properNoun	fra
verificar	verb	oci	vérifier	verb	fra
barrèra	noun	oci	barrière	noun	fra
Alcatraz	properNoun	oci	Alcatraz	properNoun	fra
cauhar	verb	oci	chauffer	verb	fra
Morley	properNoun	oci	Morley	properNoun	fra
Trinity	properNoun	oci	Trinity	properNoun	fra
Kosova	properNoun	oci	Kosovo	properNoun	fra
balast	noun	oci	ballast	noun	fra
classisme	noun	oci	classisme	noun	fra
Aisne	properNoun	oci	Aisne	properNoun	fra
Carceller	properNoun	oci	Carceller	properNoun	fra
patrolha	noun	oci	patrouille	noun	fra
regression	noun	oci	régression	noun	fra
prescríuer	verb	oci	prescrire	verb	fra
Wesley	properNoun	oci	Wesley	properNoun	fra
Portugal	properNoun	oci	Portugal	properNoun	fra
Bloomfield	properNoun	oci	Bloomfield	properNoun	fra
Chérèque	properNoun	oci	Chérèque	properNoun	fra
Sanchez	properNoun	oci	Sanchez	properNoun	fra
faler	modal	oci	falloir	modal	fra
Pierce	properNoun	oci	Pierce	properNoun	fra
Réaumur	properNoun	oci	Réaumur	properNoun	fra
poncha	noun	oci	pointe	noun	fra
estructuralisme	noun	oci	structuralisme	noun	fra
Carmona	properNoun	oci	Carmona	properNoun	fra
politicament	adverb	oci	politiquement	adverb	fra
Tarent	properNoun	oci	Tarente	properNoun	fra
èsser	verb	oci	être	verb	fra
concessionari	noun	oci	concessionnaire	noun	fra
Laferte	properNoun	oci	Laferte	properNoun	fra
Toda	properNoun	oci	Toda	properNoun	fra
bas	noun	oci	bas	noun	fra
Gabarre	properNoun	oci	Gabarre	properNoun	fra
Leon	properNoun	oci	Leon	properNoun	fra
versemblant	adjective	oci	vraisemblable	adjective	fra
Beneset	properNoun	oci	Benoît	properNoun	fra
Beneset	properNoun	oci	Beneset	properNoun	fra
Tetris	properNoun	oci	Tetris	properNoun	fra
meronime	noun	oci	méronyme	noun	fra
taxon	noun	oci	taxon	noun	fra
Díez	properNoun	oci	Díez	properNoun	fra
filaire	noun	oci	fileur	noun	fra
Rehn	properNoun	oci	Rehn	properNoun	fra
Balastegui	properNoun	oci	Balastegui	properNoun	fra
Gibson	properNoun	oci	Gibson	properNoun	fra
Dennett	properNoun	oci	Dennett	properNoun	fra
question	noun	oci	question	noun	fra
Tessier	properNoun	oci	Tessier	properNoun	fra
meiòsi	noun	oci	méiose	noun	fra
Giorgia	properNoun	oci	Giorgia	properNoun	fra
clandestinament	adverb	oci	clandestinement	adverb	fra
Salonica	properNoun	oci	Salonique	properNoun	fra
sornura	noun	oci	obscurité	noun	fra
coalà	noun	oci	koala	noun	fra
apreciatiu	adjective	oci	appréciatif	adjective	fra
de mai en mai	adverb	oci	de plus en plus	adverb	fra
allergic	adjective	oci	allergique	adjective	fra
Caetano	properNoun	oci	Caetano	properNoun	fra
a la demòra	adverb	oci	à l'affût	adverb	fra
entrecopar	verb	oci	entrecouper	verb	fra
francizacion	noun	oci	francisation	noun	fra
22n	adjective	oci	22ème	adjective	fra
Moulin	properNoun	oci	Moulin	properNoun	fra
Vilma	properNoun	oci	Vilma	properNoun	fra
enregistrar	verb	oci	enregistrer	verb	fra
qatarian	noun	oci	Qatarien	noun	fra
qatarian	noun	oci	Qatari	noun	fra
Múgica	properNoun	oci	Múgica	properNoun	fra
Dumas	properNoun	oci	Dumas	properNoun	fra
Bourget	properNoun	oci	Bourget	properNoun	fra
Leroux	properNoun	oci	Leroux	properNoun	fra
camping	noun	oci	camping	noun	fra
Berlin	properNoun	oci	Berlin	properNoun	fra
malconéisser	verb	oci	méconnaître	verb	fra
viu	adjective	oci	éveillé	adjective	fra
viu	adjective	oci	vif	adjective	fra
Capafons	properNoun	oci	Capafons	properNoun	fra
fèrla	noun	oci	férule	noun	fra
Douste-Blazy	properNoun	oci	Douste-Blazy	properNoun	fra
Berkman	properNoun	oci	Berkman	properNoun	fra
Subiranas	properNoun	oci	Subiranas	properNoun	fra
abil	adjective	oci	habile	adjective	fra
luta	noun	oci	lutte	noun	fra
foraminifèr	adjective	oci	foraminifère	adjective	fra
agnostic	adjective	oci	agnostique	adjective	fra
Burgo	properNoun	oci	Burgo	properNoun	fra
triomfe	noun	oci	triomphe	noun	fra
culminacion	noun	oci	culmination	noun	fra
von Henneberg	properNoun	oci	von Henneberg	properNoun	fra
breisha	noun	oci	sorcière	noun	fra
Clarmont-Ferrand	properNoun	oci	Clermont-Ferrand	properNoun	fra
despertat	adjective	oci	réveillé	adjective	fra
bufar	verb	oci	souffler	verb	fra
audiometria	noun	oci	audiométrie	noun	fra
mièjanuèit	noun	oci	minuit	noun	fra
estendre	verb	oci	étendre	verb	fra
aprovesiment	noun	oci	approvisionnement	noun	fra
rassemblament	noun	oci	rassemblement	noun	fra
Sicard	properNoun	oci	Sicard	properNoun	fra
Lobera	properNoun	oci	Lobera	properNoun	fra
ofensiu	adjective	oci	offensif	adjective	fra
aortic	adjective	oci	aortique	adjective	fra
avionica	noun	oci	avionique	noun	fra
Catherina	properNoun	oci	Catherina	properNoun	fra
Ritcher	properNoun	oci	Ritcher	properNoun	fra
araire	noun	oci	charrue	noun	fra
Depardieu	properNoun	oci	Depardieu	properNoun	fra
Charrois	properNoun	oci	Charrois	properNoun	fra
alternativament	adverb	oci	alternativement	adverb	fra
Kylie	properNoun	oci	Kylie	properNoun	fra
reünificacion	noun	oci	réunification	noun	fra
Phelan	properNoun	oci	Phelan	properNoun	fra
setanta un	numeral	oci	soixante et onze	numeral	fra
setanta un	numeral	oci	soixante-et-onze	numeral	fra
inseminacion	noun	oci	insémination	noun	fra
coire	noun	oci	cuivre	noun	fra
Racing	properNoun	oci	Racing	properNoun	fra
gaton	noun	oci	minou	noun	fra
gaton	noun	oci	chaton	noun	fra
Petiquay	properNoun	oci	Petiquay	properNoun	fra
EE	noun	oci	EE	noun	fra
Reeve	properNoun	oci	Reeve	properNoun	fra
pecol	noun	oci	pédoncule	noun	fra
Alfonso	properNoun	oci	Alfonso	properNoun	fra
insatisfaccion	noun	oci	insatisfaction	noun	fra
locomocion	noun	oci	locomotion	noun	fra
Caton	properNoun	oci	Caton	properNoun	fra
Arkansas	properNoun	oci	Arkansas	properNoun	fra
Busch	properNoun	oci	Busch	properNoun	fra
estructuracion	noun	oci	structuration	noun	fra
Katie	properNoun	oci	Katie	properNoun	fra
explicitar	verb	oci	expliciter	verb	fra
desfisança	noun	oci	défiance	noun	fra
decidir	verb	oci	décider	verb	fra
horn	noun	oci	four	noun	fra
gaireben	adverb	oci	presque	adverb	fra
rumor	noun	oci	rumeur	noun	fra
intermediari	noun	oci	intermédiaire	noun	fra
tandèm	noun	oci	tandem	noun	fra
abans tot	adverb	oci	avant tout	adverb	fra
Delens	properNoun	oci	Delens	properNoun	fra
serpaton	noun	oci	serpenteau	noun	fra
Euskadi	properNoun	oci	Euskadi	properNoun	fra
Marx	properNoun	oci	Marx	properNoun	fra
crentar	verb	oci	redouter	verb	fra
crentar	verb	oci	craindre	verb	fra
Aponte	properNoun	oci	Aponte	properNoun	fra
glot	adjective	oci	glouton	adjective	fra
Arbaiza	properNoun	oci	Arbaiza	properNoun	fra
entremièg	preposition	oci	entre	preposition	fra
DHL	properNoun	oci	DHL	properNoun	fra
EU	noun	oci	EU	noun	fra
aument	noun	oci	augmentation	noun	fra
Lupiáñez	properNoun	oci	Lupiáñez	properNoun	fra
Iriarte	properNoun	oci	Iriarte	properNoun	fra
gratuitament	adverb	oci	gratuitement	adverb	fra
Eaton	properNoun	oci	Eaton	properNoun	fra
Dupaul	properNoun	oci	Dupaul	properNoun	fra
amb l'intencion de	preposition	oci	à dessein de	preposition	fra
amb l'intencion de	preposition	oci	avec l'intention de	preposition	fra
amb l'intencion de	preposition	oci	dans l'intention de	preposition	fra
salivar	verb	oci	saliver	verb	fra
Purroy	properNoun	oci	Purroy	properNoun	fra
desvitalizar	verb	oci	dévitaliser	verb	fra
barrejar	verb	oci	mélanger	verb	fra
leialament	adverb	oci	loyalement	adverb	fra
Edimborg	properNoun	oci	Édimbourg	properNoun	fra
CGT	noun	oci	CGT	noun	fra
Gavilán	properNoun	oci	Gavilán	properNoun	fra
inspector	noun	oci	inspecteur	noun	fra
image	noun	oci	image	noun	fra
Albiac	properNoun	oci	Albiac	properNoun	fra
Pombo	properNoun	oci	Pombo	properNoun	fra
espasa	noun	oci	épée	noun	fra
Iliada	properNoun	oci	Iliade	properNoun	fra
Benítez	properNoun	oci	Benítez	properNoun	fra
trach	noun	oci	trait	noun	fra
Essonne	properNoun	oci	Essonne	properNoun	fra
imaginar	verb	oci	imaginer	verb	fra
orifici	noun	oci	orifice	noun	fra
mètro	noun	oci	métro	noun	fra
Plunkett	properNoun	oci	Plunkett	properNoun	fra
aisidença	noun	oci	adresse	noun	fra
avistar	verb	oci	repérer	verb	fra
illegalament	adverb	oci	illégalement	adverb	fra
Kira	properNoun	oci	Kira	properNoun	fra
cicle	noun	oci	cycle	noun	fra
Woodward	properNoun	oci	Woodward	properNoun	fra
Galache	properNoun	oci	Galache	properNoun	fra
Pandiani	properNoun	oci	Pandiani	properNoun	fra
elastic	adjective	oci	élastique	adjective	fra
prestigi	noun	oci	prestige	noun	fra
probabilitat	noun	oci	probabilité	noun	fra
gluèg	noun	oci	glui	noun	fra
Apollinaire	properNoun	oci	Apollinaire	properNoun	fra
ovacionar	verb	oci	ovationner	verb	fra
Lasala	properNoun	oci	Lasala	properNoun	fra
pichèr	noun	oci	vase	noun	fra
pichèr	noun	oci	pichet	noun	fra
artista	adjective	oci	artiste	adjective	fra
en general	adverb	oci	en général	adverb	fra
UDF	noun	oci	UDF	noun	fra
Rhainds	properNoun	oci	Rhainds	properNoun	fra
meteorologista	noun	oci	météorologiste	noun	fra
Houde	properNoun	oci	Houde	properNoun	fra
trucar	verb	oci	heurter	verb	fra
Chu	properNoun	oci	Chu	properNoun	fra
Samuels	properNoun	oci	Samuels	properNoun	fra
omanita	adjective	oci	omanais	adjective	fra
Josèp	properNoun	oci	José	properNoun	fra
Josèp	properNoun	oci	Josèp	properNoun	fra
puèg	noun	oci	colline	noun	fra
puèg	noun	oci	puy	noun	fra
Salomé	properNoun	oci	Salomé	properNoun	fra
Ador	properNoun	oci	Adour	properNoun	fra
iPhone	properNoun	oci	iPhone	properNoun	fra
Pominville	properNoun	oci	Pominville	properNoun	fra
Garait	properNoun	oci	Guéret	properNoun	fra
Bouffard	properNoun	oci	Bouffard	properNoun	fra
Dubord	properNoun	oci	Dubord	properNoun	fra
nucli	noun	oci	noyau	noun	fra
Chisbert	properNoun	oci	Chisbert	properNoun	fra
Miron	properNoun	oci	Miron	properNoun	fra
reïnterpretacion	noun	oci	réinterprétation	noun	fra
acordaire	noun	oci	accordeur	noun	fra
desculpa	noun	oci	excuse	noun	fra
Picas	properNoun	oci	Picas	properNoun	fra
jos la proteccion de	preposition	oci	sous la protection de	preposition	fra
embocadura	noun	oci	embouchure	noun	fra
allicient	noun	oci	attrait	noun	fra
Benedict	properNoun	oci	Benedict	properNoun	fra
Thoreau	properNoun	oci	Thoreau	properNoun	fra
adventista	noun	oci	adventiste	noun	fra
amalgamar	verb	oci	amalgamer	verb	fra
plinta	noun	oci	plinthe	noun	fra
estricte	adjective	oci	strict	adjective	fra
Barcelona	properNoun	oci	Barcelone	properNoun	fra
Barcelona	properNoun	oci	Barcelona	properNoun	fra
Rusu	properNoun	oci	Rusu	properNoun	fra
paredon	noun	oci	muret	noun	fra
Perrotta	properNoun	oci	Perrotta	properNoun	fra
Brassens	properNoun	oci	Brassens	properNoun	fra
Lilly	properNoun	oci	Lilly	properNoun	fra
islamologia	noun	oci	islamologie	noun	fra
londonenc	adjective	oci	londonien	adjective	fra
cinquanta dos	numeral	oci	cinquante-deux	numeral	fra
Xerxes	properNoun	oci	Xerxès	properNoun	fra
mitra	noun	oci	mitre	noun	fra
domicili	noun	oci	domicile	noun	fra
Llora	properNoun	oci	Llora	properNoun	fra
anarquisme	noun	oci	anarchisme	noun	fra
Larrea	properNoun	oci	Larrea	properNoun	fra
argentat	adjective	oci	argenté	adjective	fra
metaplasme	noun	oci	métaplasme	noun	fra
manilha	noun	oci	anse	noun	fra
Nagore	properNoun	oci	Nagore	properNoun	fra
madama	noun	oci	madame	noun	fra
chauchar	verb	oci	mouiller	verb	fra
Matt	properNoun	oci	Matt	properNoun	fra
Sangrá	properNoun	oci	Sangrá	properNoun	fra
purista	noun	oci	puriste	noun	fra
obeïr	verb	oci	obéir	verb	fra
devarar	verb	oci	baisser	verb	fra
devarar	verb	oci	descendre	verb	fra
infidèu	noun	oci	infidèle	noun	fra
Gobeil	properNoun	oci	Gobeil	properNoun	fra
Luke	properNoun	oci	Luke	properNoun	fra
veusetat	noun	oci	viduité	noun	fra
Vesoul	properNoun	oci	Vesoul	properNoun	fra
bombardament	noun	oci	bombardement	noun	fra
Duran i Lleida	properNoun	oci	Duran i Lleida	properNoun	fra
de Beauharnais	properNoun	oci	de Beauharnais	properNoun	fra
continent	adjective	oci	continent	adjective	fra
Julián	properNoun	oci	Julián	properNoun	fra
relat	noun	oci	récit	noun	fra
Larraya	properNoun	oci	Larraya	properNoun	fra
Vicens	properNoun	oci	Vicens	properNoun	fra
Grondines	properNoun	oci	Grondines	properNoun	fra
monetari	adjective	oci	monétaire	adjective	fra
Cayuela	properNoun	oci	Cayuela	properNoun	fra
dempuèi	preposition	oci	depuis	preposition	fra
Bernat Aton	properNoun	oci	Bernard Aton	properNoun	fra
Riggi	properNoun	oci	Riggi	properNoun	fra
gròs	noun	oci	enceinte	noun	fra
distant	adjective	oci	distant	adjective	fra
Penrose	properNoun	oci	Penrose	properNoun	fra
presenciar	verb	oci	assister à	verb	fra
Lahlou	properNoun	oci	Lahlou	properNoun	fra
moneda	noun	oci	pièce	noun	fra
moneda	noun	oci	monnaie	noun	fra
Jòrdi	properNoun	oci	Jòrdi	properNoun	fra
Jòrdi	properNoun	oci	Georges	properNoun	fra
nadar	verb	oci	nager	verb	fra
Lavallière	properNoun	oci	Lavallière	properNoun	fra
estadistic	noun	oci	statistique	noun	fra
Alier	properNoun	oci	Alier	properNoun	fra
Bockus	properNoun	oci	Bockus	properNoun	fra
Lawrence	properNoun	oci	Lawrence	properNoun	fra
Octavi	properNoun	oci	Octave	properNoun	fra
divinizar	verb	oci	diviniser	verb	fra
marrana	noun	oci	tuf	noun	fra
marrana	noun	oci	épidémie	noun	fra
pipa	noun	oci	poupée	noun	fra
pipa	noun	oci	pipe	noun	fra
sector	noun	oci	secteur	noun	fra
Bridget	properNoun	oci	Bridget	properNoun	fra
West	properNoun	oci	West	properNoun	fra
Bañón	properNoun	oci	Bañón	properNoun	fra
escotar	verb	oci	écouter	verb	fra
Aubry	properNoun	oci	Aubry	properNoun	fra
Vallcorba	properNoun	oci	Vallcorba	properNoun	fra
Borgonha	properNoun	oci	Bourgogne	properNoun	fra
antigenic	adjective	oci	antigénique	adjective	fra
flamba	noun	oci	flamme	noun	fra
prealablament	adverb	oci	préalablement	adverb	fra
Moscoso	properNoun	oci	Moscoso	properNoun	fra
malformacion	noun	oci	malformation	noun	fra
massissament	adverb	oci	massivement	adverb	fra
etapa	noun	oci	étape	noun	fra
elogiós	adjective	oci	élogieux	adjective	fra
Rus	properNoun	oci	Rus	properNoun	fra
Soderbergh	properNoun	oci	Soderbergh	properNoun	fra
joiós	adjective	oci	joyeux	adjective	fra
termodinamica	noun	oci	thermodynamique	noun	fra
abstinent	adjective	oci	abstinent	adjective	fra
entrainaire	noun	oci	entraîneur	noun	fra
orbita	noun	oci	orbite	noun	fra
compatibilitat	noun	oci	compatibilité	noun	fra
Jura	properNoun	oci	Jura	properNoun	fra
rus	noun	oci	russe	noun	fra
Monter	properNoun	oci	Monter	properNoun	fra
racionament	noun	oci	rationnement	noun	fra
espinarc	noun	oci	épinard	noun	fra
anglofòn	adjective	oci	anglophone	adjective	fra
Darbouze	properNoun	oci	Darbouze	properNoun	fra
Jiménez	properNoun	oci	Jiménez	properNoun	fra
flaütar	verb	oci	jouer de la flûte	verb	fra
peada	noun	oci	empreinte	noun	fra
irlandés	adjective	oci	irlandais	adjective	fra
Lahaise	properNoun	oci	Lahaise	properNoun	fra
Sales	properNoun	oci	Sales	properNoun	fra
parasitisme	noun	oci	parasitisme	noun	fra
acidular	verb	oci	aciduler	verb	fra
sexisme	noun	oci	sexisme	noun	fra
Nomdedéu	properNoun	oci	Nomdedéu	properNoun	fra
argila	noun	oci	argile	noun	fra
Alan	properNoun	oci	Alan	properNoun	fra
a l'agrat de	preposition	oci	au gré de	preposition	fra
Bahl	properNoun	oci	Bahl	properNoun	fra
Casadesús	properNoun	oci	Casadesús	properNoun	fra
Dubuc	properNoun	oci	Dubuc	properNoun	fra
valon	noun	oci	wallon	noun	fra
valon	noun	oci	vallon	noun	fra
immobiliari	adjective	oci	immobilier	adjective	fra
Tudó	properNoun	oci	Tudó	properNoun	fra
de paur que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	de peur que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
de paur que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	de crainte que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
von Humboldt	properNoun	oci	von Humboldt	properNoun	fra
Batlló	properNoun	oci	Batlló	properNoun	fra
retrograd	adjective	oci	rétrograde	adjective	fra
Arpin	properNoun	oci	Arpin	properNoun	fra
pompilh	noun	oci	mollet	noun	fra
Douaire	properNoun	oci	Douaire	properNoun	fra
inductiu	adjective	oci	inductif	adjective	fra
Rivière	properNoun	oci	Rivière	properNoun	fra
Jagger	properNoun	oci	Jagger	properNoun	fra
cala	noun	oci	cale	noun	fra
cala	noun	oci	crique	noun	fra
Tomas	properNoun	oci	Tomas	properNoun	fra
Fortuna	properNoun	oci	Fortuna	properNoun	fra
regular	noun	oci	régulier	noun	fra
ovul	noun	oci	ovule	noun	fra
viciós	adjective	oci	vicieux	adjective	fra
Hallyday	properNoun	oci	Hallyday	properNoun	fra
a çò de	preposition	oci	chez	preposition	fra
gestion	noun	oci	gestion	noun	fra
agravacion	noun	oci	aggravation	noun	fra
pesuc	adjective	oci	lourd	adjective	fra
enflament	noun	oci	enflement	noun	fra
Ceaușescu	properNoun	oci	Ceaușescu	properNoun	fra
Seller	properNoun	oci	Seller	properNoun	fra
perdurar	verb	oci	perdurer	verb	fra
Kubala	properNoun	oci	Kubala	properNoun	fra
Laurin	properNoun	oci	Laurin	properNoun	fra
adomergiment	noun	oci	domestication	noun	fra
von Wogau	properNoun	oci	von Wogau	properNoun	fra
agilizar	verb	oci	rendre agile	verb	fra
Buyo	properNoun	oci	Buyo	properNoun	fra
Romana	properNoun	oci	Romana	properNoun	fra
Romana	properNoun	oci	Romaine	properNoun	fra
Nicolas Sarkozy	properNoun	oci	Nicolas Sarkozy	properNoun	fra
vendre	verb	oci	vendre	verb	fra
Castillo	properNoun	oci	Castillo	properNoun	fra
esglai	noun	oci	effroi	noun	fra
Cateura	properNoun	oci	Cateura	properNoun	fra
digitalizar	verb	oci	numériser	verb	fra
Bolinches	properNoun	oci	Bolinches	properNoun	fra
fisar	verb	oci	fier	verb	fra
fisar	verb	oci	confier	verb	fra
indesbrembable	adjective	oci	inoubliable	adjective	fra
convertir	verb	oci	convertir	verb	fra
anomia	noun	oci	anomie	noun	fra
solar	noun	oci	seuil	noun	fra
sonhar	verb	oci	soigner	verb	fra
Pentacosta	properNoun	oci	Pentecôte	properNoun	fra
Rillo	properNoun	oci	Rillo	properNoun	fra
fustada	noun	oci	futaie	noun	fra
sul plan	adverb	oci	sur le plan	adverb	fra
Comòras	properNoun	oci	Comores	properNoun	fra
Roland	properNoun	oci	Roland	properNoun	fra
amplificator	noun	oci	amplificateur	noun	fra
Chalmers	properNoun	oci	Chalmers	properNoun	fra
mexican	adjective	oci	mexicain	adjective	fra
discografic	adjective	oci	discographique	adjective	fra
centrisme	noun	oci	centrisme	noun	fra
enfilar	verb	oci	enfiler	verb	fra
anullar	verb	oci	annuler	verb	fra
vintau	noun	oci	vingtième	noun	fra
periodic	adjective	oci	périodique	adjective	fra
temerari	adjective	oci	téméraire	adjective	fra
guardader	noun	oci	mirador	noun	fra
Waringhien	properNoun	oci	Waringhien	properNoun	fra
Montambault	properNoun	oci	Montambault	properNoun	fra
coneishença	noun	oci	connaissance	noun	fra
Cerón	properNoun	oci	Cerón	properNoun	fra
vinhièr	noun	oci	vignoble	noun	fra
Fay	properNoun	oci	Fay	properNoun	fra
tectonic	adjective	oci	tectonique	adjective	fra
adorar	verb	oci	adorer	verb	fra
Keller	properNoun	oci	Keller	properNoun	fra
mot	noun	oci	mot	noun	fra
Carver	properNoun	oci	Carver	properNoun	fra
poder	noun	oci	pouvoir	noun	fra
absorbat	adjective	oci	absorbé	adjective	fra
Crist	properNoun	oci	Christ	properNoun	fra
eptalogia	noun	oci	heptalogie	noun	fra
O'Brien	properNoun	oci	O'Brien	properNoun	fra
logistic	adjective	oci	logistique	adjective	fra
ungla	noun	oci	ongle	noun	fra
Massarelli	properNoun	oci	Massarelli	properNoun	fra
Farkas	properNoun	oci	Farkas	properNoun	fra
reactor	noun	oci	réacteur	noun	fra
Duarte	properNoun	oci	Duarte	properNoun	fra
omission	noun	oci	omission	noun	fra
variablament	adverb	oci	variablement	adverb	fra
reelegir	verb	oci	réélire	verb	fra
cabdèl	noun	oci	pelote	noun	fra
desbranda	noun	oci	retraite	noun	fra
desbranda	noun	oci	défaite	noun	fra
desbranda	noun	oci	déroute	noun	fra
Samadi	properNoun	oci	Samadi	properNoun	fra
Rentero	properNoun	oci	Rentero	properNoun	fra
truc	noun	oci	colline	noun	fra
truc	noun	oci	truc	noun	fra
teatre	noun	oci	théâtre	noun	fra
Valcarcel	properNoun	oci	Valcarcel	properNoun	fra
pomaret	noun	oci	pommeraie	noun	fra
lentilha	noun	oci	lentille	noun	fra
Carruthers	properNoun	oci	Carruthers	properNoun	fra
defècte	noun	oci	défaut	noun	fra
Republica Dominicana	properNoun	oci	République dominicaine	properNoun	fra
malentendut	noun	oci	malentendu	noun	fra
malentendut	noun	oci	quiproquo	noun	fra
Callés	properNoun	oci	Callés	properNoun	fra
monofonic	adjective	oci	monophonique	adjective	fra
etrusque	noun	oci	étrusque	noun	fra
induccion	noun	oci	induction	noun	fra
Bèrta	properNoun	oci	Bèrta	properNoun	fra
termomètre	noun	oci	thermomètre	noun	fra
liturgia	noun	oci	liturgie	noun	fra
ribon-ribanha	adverb	oci	bon gré mal gré	adverb	fra
reütilizar	verb	oci	réutiliser	verb	fra
graduacion	noun	oci	graduation	noun	fra
indicator	adjective	oci	indicateur	adjective	fra
en acòrdi amb	preposition	oci	en accord avec	preposition	fra
marmòta	noun	oci	marmotte	noun	fra
Maiol	properNoun	oci	Maiol	properNoun	fra
caperar	verb	oci	napper	verb	fra
caperar	verb	oci	joncher	verb	fra
caperar	verb	oci	couvrir	verb	fra
Rhéaume	properNoun	oci	Rhéaume	properNoun	fra
Mallozzi	properNoun	oci	Mallozzi	properNoun	fra
sagelat	adjective	oci	scellé	adjective	fra
Bitar	properNoun	oci	Bitar	properNoun	fra
Michelle Bachelet	properNoun	oci	Michelle Bachelet	properNoun	fra
Jean-Christophe	properNoun	oci	Jean-Christophe	properNoun	fra
Linnaeus	properNoun	oci	Linnaeus	properNoun	fra
arriu	noun	oci	rivière	noun	fra
arriu	noun	oci	ruisseau	noun	fra
arriu	noun	oci	arroyo	noun	fra
Monni	properNoun	oci	Monni	properNoun	fra
Alemán	properNoun	oci	Alemán	properNoun	fra
Cid	properNoun	oci	Cid	properNoun	fra
tinturar	verb	oci	teinter	verb	fra
tinturar	verb	oci	chiner	verb	fra
tinturar	verb	oci	teindre	verb	fra
Frédérique	properNoun	oci	Frédérique	properNoun	fra
Einish	properNoun	oci	Einish	properNoun	fra
Vert	properNoun	oci	Vert	properNoun	fra
decalatge	noun	oci	décalage	noun	fra
Guertin	properNoun	oci	Guertin	properNoun	fra
Pellegrino	properNoun	oci	Pellegrino	properNoun	fra
audiéncia	noun	oci	audience	noun	fra
cultivable	adjective	oci	cultivable	adjective	fra
Eubèa	properNoun	oci	Eubée	properNoun	fra
Riki	properNoun	oci	Riki	properNoun	fra
sauvaguardar	verb	oci	protéger	verb	fra
Subirats	properNoun	oci	Subirats	properNoun	fra
Holden	properNoun	oci	Holden	properNoun	fra
radifèr	adjective	oci	radifère	adjective	fra
Sbeiti	properNoun	oci	Sbeiti	properNoun	fra
Grissom	properNoun	oci	Grissom	properNoun	fra
minièr	adjective	oci	minier	adjective	fra
terrèstre	adjective	oci	terrestre	adjective	fra
dirigir	verb	oci	adresser	verb	fra
dirigir	verb	oci	commencer	verb	fra
dirigir	verb	oci	diriger	verb	fra
von Wernau	properNoun	oci	von Wernau	properNoun	fra
Ibañez	properNoun	oci	Ibañez	properNoun	fra
Tébar	properNoun	oci	Tébar	properNoun	fra
Arnaud	properNoun	oci	Arnaud	properNoun	fra
progrès	noun	oci	progrès	noun	fra
Galobart	properNoun	oci	Galobart	properNoun	fra
Tomasino	properNoun	oci	Tomasino	properNoun	fra
créser	verb	oci	croire	verb	fra
aportar	verb	oci	apporter	verb	fra
fossil	noun	oci	fossile	noun	fra
títol	noun	oci	titre	noun	fra
Lamour	properNoun	oci	Lamour	properNoun	fra
Scipio	properNoun	oci	Scipio	properNoun	fra
Mallon	properNoun	oci	Mallon	properNoun	fra
Shabbat	noun	oci	sabbat	noun	fra
narra	noun	oci	narine	noun	fra
vindicatiu	adjective	oci	vindicatif	adjective	fra
aumentable	adjective	oci	augmentable	adjective	fra
diptèr	noun	oci	diptère	noun	fra
puslèu que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	plutôt que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
peronèu	noun	oci	péroné	noun	fra
Segway	properNoun	oci	Segway	properNoun	fra
creissement	noun	oci	croissance	noun	fra
creissement	noun	oci	accroissement	noun	fra
aigrament	adverb	oci	aigrement	adverb	fra
Valera	properNoun	oci	Valera	properNoun	fra
singularitat	noun	oci	singularité	noun	fra
restontiment	noun	oci	retentissement	noun	fra
paroxisme	noun	oci	paroxysme	noun	fra
Sagala	properNoun	oci	Sagala	properNoun	fra
diversificar	verb	oci	diversifier	verb	fra
usar	verb	oci	user	verb	fra
Paulino	properNoun	oci	Paulino	properNoun	fra
Suria	properNoun	oci	Suria	properNoun	fra
tumulte	noun	oci	tumulte	noun	fra
esterilizacion	noun	oci	stérilisation	noun	fra
hèr part	verb	oci	faire partie	verb	fra
despoblar	verb	oci	dépeupler	verb	fra
artificièr	noun	oci	artificier	noun	fra
Pie	properNoun	oci	Pie	properNoun	fra
Cartés	properNoun	oci	Cartés	properNoun	fra
Damato	properNoun	oci	Damato	properNoun	fra
licit	adjective	oci	licite	adjective	fra
injector	noun	oci	injecteur	noun	fra
bestial	noun	oci	bétail	noun	fra
lo nòstre	pronoun	oci	le nôtre	pronoun	fra
lo nòstre	pronoun	oci	le nôtre	possessivePronoun	fra
lo nòstre	pronoun	oci	notre	determiner	fra
lo nòstre	pronoun	oci	notre	possessivePronoun	fra
lo nòstre	determiner	oci	le nôtre	pronoun	fra
lo nòstre	determiner	oci	le nôtre	possessivePronoun	fra
lo nòstre	determiner	oci	notre	determiner	fra
lo nòstre	determiner	oci	notre	possessivePronoun	fra
lo nòstre	possessivePronoun	oci	le nôtre	pronoun	fra
lo nòstre	possessivePronoun	oci	le nôtre	possessivePronoun	fra
lo nòstre	possessivePronoun	oci	notre	determiner	fra
lo nòstre	possessivePronoun	oci	notre	possessivePronoun	fra
Bryant	properNoun	oci	Bryant	properNoun	fra
linhatge	noun	oci	nom	noun	fra
linhatge	noun	oci	lignée	noun	fra
Woo	properNoun	oci	Woo	properNoun	fra
ira	noun	oci	ire	noun	fra
ira	noun	oci	colère	noun	fra
omogenèu	adjective	oci	homogène	adjective	fra
Ren	properNoun	oci	Rhin	properNoun	fra
tardar	verb	oci	tarder	verb	fra
fenièra	noun	oci	fenil	noun	fra
la Dépêche	properNoun	oci	la Dépêche	properNoun	fra
procreacion	noun	oci	procréation	noun	fra
degalhar	verb	oci	gaspiller	verb	fra
degalhar	verb	oci	dilapider	verb	fra
balaja	noun	oci	balai	noun	fra
Madèira	properNoun	oci	Madère	properNoun	fra
cultisme	noun	oci	cultisme	noun	fra
Fandós	properNoun	oci	Fandós	properNoun	fra
Verona	properNoun	oci	Vérone	properNoun	fra
diluïr	verb	oci	diluer	verb	fra
Händel	properNoun	oci	Händel	properNoun	fra
Giménez	properNoun	oci	Giménez	properNoun	fra
Carratalá	properNoun	oci	Carratalá	properNoun	fra
Puchkov	properNoun	oci	Puchkov	properNoun	fra
Anduela	properNoun	oci	Anduela	properNoun	fra
Garmendia	properNoun	oci	Garmendia	properNoun	fra
agarrar	verb	oci	prendre	verb	fra
agarrar	verb	oci	rejoindre	verb	fra
agarrar	verb	oci	saisir	verb	fra
perdicion	noun	oci	perdition	noun	fra
enormitat	noun	oci	énormité	noun	fra
Buixeda	properNoun	oci	Buixeda	properNoun	fra
Peck	properNoun	oci	Peck	properNoun	fra
ectoplasmic	adjective	oci	ectoplasmique	adjective	fra
elucidar	verb	oci	élucider	verb	fra
estatistic	adjective	oci	statistique	adjective	fra
Muise	properNoun	oci	Muise	properNoun	fra
Franc	properNoun	oci	Franc	properNoun	fra
Paolina	properNoun	oci	Paolina	properNoun	fra
von Mises	properNoun	oci	von Mises	properNoun	fra
ginèsta	noun	oci	genêt	noun	fra
Layette	properNoun	oci	Layette	properNoun	fra
Boyer-Mas	properNoun	oci	Boyer-Mas	properNoun	fra
comun	adjective	oci	courant	adjective	fra
comun	adjective	oci	commun	adjective	fra
vestit	noun	oci	vêtement	noun	fra
vestit	noun	oci	costume	noun	fra
Kułakowski	properNoun	oci	Kułakowski	properNoun	fra
empresa	noun	oci	emprise	noun	fra
empresa	noun	oci	entreprise	noun	fra
texan	noun	oci	Texan	noun	fra
Cable	properNoun	oci	Cable	properNoun	fra
Casablanca	properNoun	oci	Casablanca	properNoun	fra
vanuatuenc	noun	oci	Vanuatais	noun	fra
docil	adjective	oci	docile	adjective	fra
sintetic	adjective	oci	synthétique	adjective	fra
Virgile	properNoun	oci	Virgile	properNoun	fra
Maes	properNoun	oci	Maes	properNoun	fra
Abbas	properNoun	oci	Abbas	properNoun	fra
Illamola	properNoun	oci	Illamola	properNoun	fra
Huchon	properNoun	oci	Huchon	properNoun	fra
trentau	adjective	oci	trentième	adjective	fra
aürosament	adverb	oci	heureusement	adverb	fra
tuta	noun	oci	terrier	noun	fra
tuta	noun	oci	grotte	noun	fra
tuta	noun	oci	tanière	noun	fra
tuta	noun	oci	repaire	noun	fra
Malagelada	properNoun	oci	Malagelada	properNoun	fra
valorizacion	noun	oci	valorisation	noun	fra
espina	noun	oci	épine	noun	fra
au costat	adverb	oci	à côté	adverb	fra
assessorar	verb	oci	conseiller	verb	fra
Vàzquez	properNoun	oci	Vàzquez	properNoun	fra
Dönitz	properNoun	oci	Dönitz	properNoun	fra
Massot	properNoun	oci	Massot	properNoun	fra
Thisdale	properNoun	oci	Thisdale	properNoun	fra
acierar	verb	oci	acérer	verb	fra
epistemologista	noun	oci	épistémologue	noun	fra
von Stauffenberg	properNoun	oci	von Stauffenberg	properNoun	fra
Gaussin	properNoun	oci	Gaussin	properNoun	fra
Escuín	properNoun	oci	Escuín	properNoun	fra
embarrassar	verb	oci	embarrasser	verb	fra
Dakota	properNoun	oci	Dakota	properNoun	fra
voleibòl	noun	oci	volley-ball	noun	fra
Serafina	properNoun	oci	Serafina	properNoun	fra
antiproton	noun	oci	antiproton	noun	fra
copa	noun	oci	coupe	noun	fra
pavellon	noun	oci	pavillon	noun	fra
malcontentament	noun	oci	mécontentement	noun	fra
Kelly	properNoun	oci	Kelly	properNoun	fra
Índia	properNoun	oci	Inde	properNoun	fra
Australia	properNoun	oci	Australie	properNoun	fra
Andrzej	properNoun	oci	Andrzej	properNoun	fra
arribar	verb	oci	arriver	verb	fra
arribar	verb	oci	parvenir	verb	fra
illustrar	verb	oci	illustrer	verb	fra
Gunville	properNoun	oci	Gunville	properNoun	fra
erigir	verb	oci	ériger	verb	fra
pertot	adverb	oci	partout	adverb	fra
Patric	properNoun	oci	Patric	properNoun	fra
coardiá	noun	oci	couardise	noun	fra
Landis	properNoun	oci	Landis	properNoun	fra
dessús	adverb	oci	dessus	adverb	fra
dessús	adverb	oci	au-dessus	adverb	fra
Pedralbes	properNoun	oci	Pedralbes	properNoun	fra
Aranda	properNoun	oci	Aranda	properNoun	fra
Carreres	properNoun	oci	Carreres	properNoun	fra
epistemologic	adjective	oci	épistémologique	adjective	fra
Canape	properNoun	oci	Canape	properNoun	fra
cochar	verb	oci	chasser	verb	fra
realisacion	noun	oci	réalisation	noun	fra
Cortijo	properNoun	oci	Cortijo	properNoun	fra
variat	adjective	oci	varié	adjective	fra
cubista	noun	oci	cubiste	noun	fra
rosta	noun	oci	rouste	noun	fra
Bertone	properNoun	oci	Bertone	properNoun	fra
afligir	verb	oci	affliger	verb	fra
equivaléncia	noun	oci	équivalence	noun	fra
Larissa	properNoun	oci	Larissa	properNoun	fra
carlina	noun	oci	carline	noun	fra
Nòva Escòcia	properNoun	oci	Nouvelle-Écosse	properNoun	fra
Clayton	properNoun	oci	Clayton	properNoun	fra
dusau	adjective	oci	deuxième	adjective	fra
dusau	adjective	oci	second	adjective	fra
saberut	noun	oci	savant	noun	fra
individualitat	noun	oci	individualité	noun	fra
de sòrta que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	de sorte que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
de sòrta que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	si bien que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
oitanta nòu	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-neuf	numeral	fra
complicitat	noun	oci	complicité	noun	fra
tolerar	verb	oci	tolérer	verb	fra
Ahres	properNoun	oci	Ahres	properNoun	fra
tara	noun	oci	tare	noun	fra
otratge	noun	oci	outrage	noun	fra
Sèina Maritima	properNoun	oci	Seine-Maritime	properNoun	fra
Jeffery	properNoun	oci	Jeffery	properNoun	fra
libidinós	adjective	oci	libidineux	adjective	fra
Duong	properNoun	oci	Duong	properNoun	fra
cooperacion	noun	oci	coopération	noun	fra
endacòm mai	adverb	oci	ailleurs	adverb	fra
atractivitat	noun	oci	attractivité	noun	fra
MySpace	properNoun	oci	MySpace	properNoun	fra
julh	noun	oci	juillet	noun	fra
casino	noun	oci	casino	noun	fra
Rambla	properNoun	oci	Rambla	properNoun	fra
Fusté	properNoun	oci	Fusté	properNoun	fra
Brandi	properNoun	oci	Brandi	properNoun	fra
de mon sicap	adverb	oci	à ma façon	adverb	fra
gòch	noun	oci	flaque	noun	fra
sason	noun	oci	saison	noun	fra
preocupar	verb	oci	préoccuper	verb	fra
preocupar	verb	oci	tracasser	verb	fra
preocupar	verb	oci	soucier	verb	fra
comparéisser	verb	oci	comparaître	verb	fra
a cabrit-cabròt	adverb	oci	à califourchon	adverb	fra
fisicament	adverb	oci	physiquement	adverb	fra
Bouvier	properNoun	oci	Bouvier	properNoun	fra
Kidd	properNoun	oci	Kidd	properNoun	fra
representacion	noun	oci	représentation	noun	fra
a l'encòp	adverb	oci	en même temps	adverb	fra
a l'encòp	adverb	oci	à la fois	adverb	fra
Fidel	properNoun	oci	Fidel	properNoun	fra
antifascista	adjective	oci	antifasciste	adjective	fra
cantonés	adjective	oci	cantonais	adjective	fra
flaccid	adjective	oci	flaccide	adjective	fra
Langis	properNoun	oci	Langis	properNoun	fra
americanisme	noun	oci	américanisme	noun	fra
sinòde	noun	oci	synode	noun	fra
escalha	noun	oci	écaille	noun	fra
absòlvre	verb	oci	absoudre	verb	fra
Wolfe	properNoun	oci	Wolfe	properNoun	fra
Clerk	properNoun	oci	Clerk	properNoun	fra
volada	noun	oci	volée	noun	fra
volada	noun	oci	essor	noun	fra
punk	noun	oci	punk	noun	fra
OPS	noun	oci	OPS	noun	fra
colhonada	noun	oci	gaudriole	noun	fra
combustible	noun	oci	combustible	noun	fra
Bernat	properNoun	oci	Bernat	properNoun	fra
Bernat	properNoun	oci	Bernard	properNoun	fra
administraire	noun	oci	administrateur	noun	fra
Gross	properNoun	oci	Gross	properNoun	fra
Karolina	properNoun	oci	Karolina	properNoun	fra
Périgny	properNoun	oci	Périgny	properNoun	fra
Losera	properNoun	oci	Lozère	properNoun	fra
rigiditat	noun	oci	rigidité	noun	fra
dus	numeral	oci	deux	numeral	fra
autocràcia	noun	oci	autocratie	noun	fra
Chalifour	properNoun	oci	Chalifour	properNoun	fra
Trabal	properNoun	oci	Trabal	properNoun	fra
dintre	adverb	oci	dedans	adverb	fra
ornitologic	adjective	oci	ornithologique	adjective	fra
pseudonime	noun	oci	pseudonyme	noun	fra
sagrar	verb	oci	sacrer	verb	fra
Pétrin	properNoun	oci	Pétrin	properNoun	fra
Vita	properNoun	oci	Vita	properNoun	fra
Azuara	properNoun	oci	Azuara	properNoun	fra
present	adjective	oci	présent	adjective	fra
Fusco	properNoun	oci	Fusco	properNoun	fra
per tal que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	afin que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Modrego	properNoun	oci	Modrego	properNoun	fra
desvergonhat	adjective	oci	insolent	adjective	fra
desvergonhat	adjective	oci	éhonté	adjective	fra
Ghali	properNoun	oci	Ghali	properNoun	fra
Montfulleda	properNoun	oci	Montfulleda	properNoun	fra
atavisme	noun	oci	atavisme	noun	fra
responsable	noun	oci	responsable	noun	fra
Liechtenstein	properNoun	oci	Liechtenstein	properNoun	fra
Savona	properNoun	oci	Savone	properNoun	fra
archius	noun	oci	archives	noun	fra
Cereceda	properNoun	oci	Cereceda	properNoun	fra
ambe	preposition	oci	avec	preposition	fra
Pertusa	properNoun	oci	Pertusa	properNoun	fra
galician	noun	oci	galicien	noun	fra
comic	noun	oci	cornique	noun	fra
comic	noun	oci	comique	noun	fra
Busqué	properNoun	oci	Busqué	properNoun	fra
monitor	noun	oci	moniteur	noun	fra
relatiu	adjective	oci	relatif	adjective	fra
reportatge	noun	oci	reportage	noun	fra
Rae	properNoun	oci	Rae	properNoun	fra
Himmler	properNoun	oci	Himmler	properNoun	fra
javanés	adjective	oci	javanais	adjective	fra
Acero	properNoun	oci	Acero	properNoun	fra
de Pablo	properNoun	oci	de Pablo	properNoun	fra
Macías	properNoun	oci	Macías	properNoun	fra
desproporcion	noun	oci	disproportion	noun	fra
Narváez	properNoun	oci	Narváez	properNoun	fra
Ramoneda	properNoun	oci	Ramoneda	properNoun	fra
numèro	noun	oci	numéro	noun	fra
Delpapa	properNoun	oci	Delpapa	properNoun	fra
Vietnam	properNoun	oci	Viêtnam	properNoun	fra
Vietnam	properNoun	oci	Viêt Nam	properNoun	fra
preveire	verb	oci	prévoir	verb	fra
Larreula	properNoun	oci	Larreula	properNoun	fra
Lizana	properNoun	oci	Lizana	properNoun	fra
Matoub	properNoun	oci	Matoub	properNoun	fra
Cronenberg	properNoun	oci	Cronenberg	properNoun	fra
Bosum	properNoun	oci	Bosum	properNoun	fra
Stella	properNoun	oci	Stella	properNoun	fra
elogiar	verb	oci	louer	verb	fra
elogiar	verb	oci	vanter	verb	fra
Shore	properNoun	oci	Shore	properNoun	fra
al detriment de	preposition	oci	au détriment de	preposition	fra
vint-e-nòu	numeral	oci	vingt-neuf	numeral	fra
Curtis	properNoun	oci	Curtis	properNoun	fra
virtualament	adverb	oci	virtuellement	adverb	fra
òli	noun	oci	huile	noun	fra
Kekkonen	properNoun	oci	Kekkonen	properNoun	fra
Bayard	properNoun	oci	Bayard	properNoun	fra
complementari	adjective	oci	complémentaire	adjective	fra
acuélher	verb	oci	accueillir	verb	fra
lucèrna	noun	oci	luciole	noun	fra
Gui	properNoun	oci	Guy	properNoun	fra
Gui	properNoun	oci	Gui	properNoun	fra
rectificacion	noun	oci	rectification	noun	fra
banarut	adjective	oci	cornu	adjective	fra
audible	adjective	oci	audible	adjective	fra
empassar	verb	oci	empiffrer	verb	fra
sostítol	noun	oci	sous-titre	noun	fra
conservatisme	noun	oci	conservatisme	noun	fra
Parrado	properNoun	oci	Parrado	properNoun	fra
recargar	verb	oci	chamarrer	verb	fra
Fenoll	properNoun	oci	Fenoll	properNoun	fra
Buron	properNoun	oci	Buron	properNoun	fra
quadrifonia	noun	oci	quadriphonie	noun	fra
exagerar	verb	oci	exagérer	verb	fra
conjonch	noun	oci	conjoint	noun	fra
elevat	adjective	oci	élevé	adjective	fra
espàrger	verb	oci	étaler	verb	fra
espàrger	verb	oci	tendre	verb	fra
espàrger	verb	oci	étendre	verb	fra
Moreira	properNoun	oci	Moreira	properNoun	fra
aucelon	noun	oci	béjaune	noun	fra
Nicolas	properNoun	oci	Nicolas	properNoun	fra
Corrèsa	properNoun	oci	Corrèze	properNoun	fra
Condo	properNoun	oci	Condo	properNoun	fra
per mesura	adverb	oci	avec mesure	adverb	fra
ont	interrogativePronoun	oci	où	interrogativePronoun	fra
ont	interrogativePronoun	oci	où	adverb	fra
ont	interrogativePronoun	oci	où	relativePronoun	fra
ont	adverb	oci	où	interrogativePronoun	fra
ont	adverb	oci	où	adverb	fra
ont	adverb	oci	où	relativePronoun	fra
ont	relativePronoun	oci	où	interrogativePronoun	fra
ont	relativePronoun	oci	où	adverb	fra
ont	relativePronoun	oci	où	relativePronoun	fra
provocatiu	adjective	oci	provocatif	adjective	fra
plasent	adjective	oci	plaisant	adjective	fra
estonian	adjective	oci	estonien	adjective	fra
far	noun	oci	phare	noun	fra
Gretzky	properNoun	oci	Gretzky	properNoun	fra
Lamothe	properNoun	oci	Lamothe	properNoun	fra
ido	noun	oci	ido	noun	fra
Laurenç	properNoun	oci	Laurent	properNoun	fra
Laurenç	properNoun	oci	Laurenç	properNoun	fra
Abós	properNoun	oci	Abós	properNoun	fra
galafre	adjective	oci	glouton	adjective	fra
vici	noun	oci	vice	noun	fra
archivatge	noun	oci	archivage	noun	fra
Arasanz	properNoun	oci	Arasanz	properNoun	fra
labor	noun	oci	travail	noun	fra
totalizar	verb	oci	totaliser	verb	fra
Pavao	properNoun	oci	Pavao	properNoun	fra
Bougie	properNoun	oci	Bougie	properNoun	fra
inagotable	adjective	oci	inépuisable	adjective	fra
translacion	noun	oci	translation	noun	fra
proïbir	verb	oci	interdire	verb	fra
locatiu	adjective	oci	locatif	adjective	fra
litografic	adjective	oci	lithographique	adjective	fra
abitable	adjective	oci	habitable	adjective	fra
Muloin	properNoun	oci	Muloin	properNoun	fra
téner	verb	oci	avoir	verb	fra
téner	verb	oci	tenir	verb	fra
Kentucky	properNoun	oci	Kentucky	properNoun	fra
exploraire	adjective	oci	explorateur	adjective	fra
bestialament	adverb	oci	bestialement	adverb	fra
neolitic	noun	oci	néolithique	noun	fra
Ontàrio	properNoun	oci	Ontario	properNoun	fra
reaprovisionament	noun	oci	reapprovisionnement	noun	fra
desencantar	verb	oci	désenchanter	verb	fra
Ribesaltes	properNoun	oci	Rivesaltes	properNoun	fra
si que non	subordinatingConjunction	oci	sinon	subordinatingConjunction	fra
cromosomic	adjective	oci	chromosomique	adjective	fra
Gia	properNoun	oci	Gia	properNoun	fra
Sunyer	properNoun	oci	Sunyer	properNoun	fra
planhèra	noun	oci	plaine	noun	fra
solelh	noun	oci	soleil	noun	fra
cabana	noun	oci	cabane	noun	fra
Grant	properNoun	oci	Grant	properNoun	fra
coma aquò	adverb	oci	ainsi	adverb	fra
POC	noun	oci	POC	noun	fra
considerar	verb	oci	envisager	verb	fra
considerar	verb	oci	considérer	verb	fra
tor	noun	oci	tour	noun	fra
Whitman	properNoun	oci	Whitman	properNoun	fra
disponibilitat	noun	oci	disponibilité	noun	fra
Andy	properNoun	oci	Andy	properNoun	fra
seissanta cinc	numeral	oci	soixante-cinq	numeral	fra
Talens	properNoun	oci	Talens	properNoun	fra
pistolet	noun	oci	pistolet	noun	fra
Aristòtel	properNoun	oci	Aristote	properNoun	fra
Anthony	properNoun	oci	Anthony	properNoun	fra
Britney	properNoun	oci	Britney	properNoun	fra
Unicode	properNoun	oci	Unicode	properNoun	fra
Nauts de França	properNoun	oci	Hauts-de-France	properNoun	fra
Sidhu	properNoun	oci	Sidhu	properNoun	fra
cridar	verb	oci	héler	verb	fra
cridar	verb	oci	appeler	verb	fra
cridar	verb	oci	crier	verb	fra
Desmarchais	properNoun	oci	Desmarchais	properNoun	fra
Serena	properNoun	oci	Serena	properNoun	fra
Bouchard	properNoun	oci	Bouchard	properNoun	fra
un pauc mai	adverb	oci	un peu plus	adverb	fra
Aixalá	properNoun	oci	Aixalá	properNoun	fra
albuminoïde	noun	oci	albuminoïde	noun	fra
emission	noun	oci	émission	noun	fra
cacofonia	noun	oci	cacophonie	noun	fra
efectiu	adjective	oci	effectif	adjective	fra
Pomés	properNoun	oci	Pomés	properNoun	fra
a flor e mesura	adverb	oci	au fur et à mesure	adverb	fra
Trudel	properNoun	oci	Trudel	properNoun	fra
Myra	properNoun	oci	Myra	properNoun	fra
fragmentari	adjective	oci	fragmentaire	adjective	fra
bal	noun	oci	bal	noun	fra
Tres Avescats	properNoun	oci	Trois-Évêchés	properNoun	fra
Summers	properNoun	oci	Summers	properNoun	fra
interagir	verb	oci	interagir	verb	fra
neoliberalisme	noun	oci	néolibéralisme	noun	fra
frigid	adjective	oci	frigide	adjective	fra
Perrine	properNoun	oci	Perrine	properNoun	fra
dedusir	verb	oci	déduire	verb	fra
Sitjá	properNoun	oci	Sitjá	properNoun	fra
procès	noun	oci	processus	noun	fra
procès	noun	oci	procès	noun	fra
Mariah	properNoun	oci	Mariah	properNoun	fra
idrofil	adjective	oci	hydrophile	adjective	fra
puritan	adjective	oci	puritain	adjective	fra
Paradelas	properNoun	oci	Paradelas	properNoun	fra
nadiu	noun	oci	natif	noun	fra
chaple	noun	oci	massacre	noun	fra
carchòfa	noun	oci	artichaut	noun	fra
Beneyto	properNoun	oci	Beneyto	properNoun	fra
Galdón	properNoun	oci	Galdón	properNoun	fra
Asensio	properNoun	oci	Asensio	properNoun	fra
lecaria	noun	oci	friandise	noun	fra
lecaria	noun	oci	gourmandise	noun	fra
morfisme	noun	oci	morphisme	noun	fra
Union Sovietica	properNoun	oci	Union soviétique	properNoun	fra
Denisdamee	properNoun	oci	Denisdamee	properNoun	fra
consolidar	verb	oci	consolider	verb	fra
Köppen	properNoun	oci	Köppen	properNoun	fra
esposar	verb	oci	épouser	verb	fra
musculós	adjective	oci	musculeux	adjective	fra
jornalistic	adjective	oci	journalistique	adjective	fra
volontàriament	adverb	oci	volontairement	adverb	fra
iacut	noun	oci	iakoute	noun	fra
iacut	noun	oci	yakoute	noun	fra
Plat	properNoun	oci	Plat	properNoun	fra
pèira	noun	oci	pierre	noun	fra
Abelleira	properNoun	oci	Abelleira	properNoun	fra
atisar	verb	oci	attiser	verb	fra
paréisser	verb	oci	faire semblant de	verb	fra
paréisser	verb	oci	paraître	verb	fra
vacant	adjective	oci	vacant	adjective	fra
escarlata	noun	oci	écarlate	noun	fra
flac	noun	oci	faible	noun	fra
canadian	noun	oci	canadien	noun	fra
canadian	noun	oci	Canadien	noun	fra
efusion	noun	oci	effusion	noun	fra
anarquic	adjective	oci	anarchique	adjective	fra
solista	adjective	oci	soliste	adjective	fra
Mcloughlin	properNoun	oci	Mcloughlin	properNoun	fra
Sitges	properNoun	oci	Sitges	properNoun	fra
basanita	noun	oci	basanite	noun	fra
Bachman	properNoun	oci	Bachman	properNoun	fra
adèpte	adjective	oci	adepte	adjective	fra
servici	noun	oci	service	noun	fra
per contra	adverb	oci	en revanche	adverb	fra
per contra	adverb	oci	par contre	adverb	fra
siblar	verb	oci	siffler	verb	fra
saber	noun	oci	savoir	noun	fra
assirian	noun	oci	Assyrien	noun	fra
deductible	adjective	oci	déductible	adjective	fra
quaranten	adjective	oci	quarantième	adjective	fra
desgraissar	verb	oci	dégraisser	verb	fra
Kakabat	properNoun	oci	Kakabat	properNoun	fra
Santamaría	properNoun	oci	Santamaría	properNoun	fra
Verges	properNoun	oci	Verges	properNoun	fra
Popescu	properNoun	oci	Popescu	properNoun	fra
Bassó	properNoun	oci	Bassó	properNoun	fra
Guasch	properNoun	oci	Guasch	properNoun	fra
Morant	properNoun	oci	Morant	properNoun	fra
creatura	noun	oci	créature	noun	fra
AOL	properNoun	oci	AOL	properNoun	fra
decisivament	adverb	oci	décisivement	adverb	fra
severitat	noun	oci	sévérité	noun	fra
brisar	verb	oci	rompre	verb	fra
brisar	verb	oci	briser	verb	fra
brisar	verb	oci	casser	verb	fra
AVL	noun	oci	AVL	noun	fra
Rigoberta	properNoun	oci	Rigoberta	properNoun	fra
confinh	noun	oci	plafonnement	noun	fra
Urbain	properNoun	oci	Urbain	properNoun	fra
numericament	adverb	oci	numériquement	adverb	fra
Cadaqués	properNoun	oci	Cadaqués	properNoun	fra
Frank	properNoun	oci	Frank	properNoun	fra
gentilesa	noun	oci	gentillesse	noun	fra
canibalisme	noun	oci	cannibalisme	noun	fra
Timoshenko	properNoun	oci	Timoshenko	properNoun	fra
Lafrenière	properNoun	oci	Lafrenière	properNoun	fra
Araújo	properNoun	oci	Araújo	properNoun	fra
Julius	properNoun	oci	Julius	properNoun	fra
foligaud	adjective	oci	folâtre	adjective	fra
PC	noun	oci	PC	noun	fra
violacion	noun	oci	violation	noun	fra
omologacion	noun	oci	homologation	noun	fra
Boyce	properNoun	oci	Boyce	properNoun	fra
turgid	adjective	oci	turgide	adjective	fra
Stanton	properNoun	oci	Stanton	properNoun	fra
Difruscia	properNoun	oci	Difruscia	properNoun	fra
Scrooge	properNoun	oci	Scrooge	properNoun	fra
Amadou	properNoun	oci	Amadou	properNoun	fra
Lifante	properNoun	oci	Lifante	properNoun	fra
agla	noun	oci	aigle	noun	fra
gratificar	verb	oci	gratifier	verb	fra
Bergés	properNoun	oci	Bergés	properNoun	fra
qatarian	adjective	oci	qatari	adjective	fra
qatarian	adjective	oci	qatarien	adjective	fra
aerostat	noun	oci	aérostat	noun	fra
angèl	noun	oci	ange	noun	fra
neoplatonisme	noun	oci	néoplatonisme	noun	fra
pòur	noun	oci	peur	noun	fra
Ramona	properNoun	oci	Ramona	properNoun	fra
absurditat	noun	oci	absurdité	noun	fra
La Barbera	properNoun	oci	La Barbera	properNoun	fra
de Beauvoir	properNoun	oci	de Beauvoir	properNoun	fra
innegociable	adjective	oci	innégociable	adjective	fra
participat	adjective	oci	participé	adjective	fra
Guimet	properNoun	oci	Guimet	properNoun	fra
enfant	noun	oci	enfant	noun	fra
vitalizar	verb	oci	vitaliser	verb	fra
abelit	adjective	oci	dégourdi	adjective	fra
abelit	adjective	oci	débrouillard	adjective	fra
Charest	properNoun	oci	Charest	properNoun	fra
sens	preposition	oci	sans	preposition	fra
audicion	noun	oci	audition	noun	fra
Kirchner	properNoun	oci	Kirchner	properNoun	fra
observar	verb	oci	observer	verb	fra
observar	verb	oci	remarquer	verb	fra
assentiment	noun	oci	assentiment	noun	fra
Chiasson	properNoun	oci	Chiasson	properNoun	fra
esvarjar	verb	oci	épouvanter	verb	fra
esvarjar	verb	oci	faire peur	verb	fra
esvarjar	verb	oci	effrayer	verb	fra
esvarjar	verb	oci	effaroucher	verb	fra
Mirco	properNoun	oci	Mirco	properNoun	fra
en sortir de	preposition	oci	au sortir de	preposition	fra
Conroy	properNoun	oci	Conroy	properNoun	fra
Gili	properNoun	oci	Gili	properNoun	fra
Oribe	properNoun	oci	Oribe	properNoun	fra
carpentariá	noun	oci	charpenterie	noun	fra
auriòu	adjective	oci	jaune	adjective	fra
caracterizar	verb	oci	typer	verb	fra
caracterizar	verb	oci	caractériser	verb	fra
Llurba	properNoun	oci	Llurba	properNoun	fra
salvacion	noun	oci	salvation	noun	fra
escultor	noun	oci	sculpteur	noun	fra
Rivard	properNoun	oci	Rivard	properNoun	fra
girba	noun	oci	gazon	noun	fra
apogèu	noun	oci	apogée	noun	fra
bisfenòl	noun	oci	bisphénol	noun	fra
Cameron	properNoun	oci	Cameroun	properNoun	fra
Cameron	properNoun	oci	Cameron	properNoun	fra
laxatiu	adjective	oci	laxatif	adjective	fra
Blackman	properNoun	oci	Blackman	properNoun	fra
mediator	noun	oci	médiateur	noun	fra
conse	noun	oci	maire	noun	fra
inalterable	adjective	oci	inaltérable	adjective	fra
Java	properNoun	oci	Java	properNoun	fra
ancorar	verb	oci	ancrer	verb	fra
Alexandre	properNoun	oci	Alexandr	properNoun	fra
Alexandre	properNoun	oci	Alexandre	properNoun	fra
intractable	adjective	oci	intraitable	adjective	fra
Alec	properNoun	oci	Alec	properNoun	fra
Yasser	properNoun	oci	Yasser	properNoun	fra
Aragon	properNoun	oci	Aragon	properNoun	fra
Hills	properNoun	oci	Hills	properNoun	fra
sarrampiu	noun	oci	rougeole	noun	fra
Guix	properNoun	oci	Guix	properNoun	fra
Bataller	properNoun	oci	Bataller	properNoun	fra
geologic	adjective	oci	géologique	adjective	fra
Farré	properNoun	oci	Farré	properNoun	fra
geriatria	noun	oci	gériatrie	noun	fra
a l'espròva de	preposition	oci	à l'épreuve de	preposition	fra
engimbar	verb	oci	agencer	verb	fra
dramatic	noun	oci	dramatique	noun	fra
Yepez	properNoun	oci	Yepez	properNoun	fra
aquitar	verb	oci	acquitter	verb	fra
legitimament	adverb	oci	légitimement	adverb	fra
ploja	noun	oci	pluie	noun	fra
Cosette	properNoun	oci	Cosette	properNoun	fra
esquinçar	verb	oci	déchirer	verb	fra
baud	noun	oci	baud	noun	fra
instància	noun	oci	instance	noun	fra
Terrassa	properNoun	oci	Terrassa	properNoun	fra
Borges	properNoun	oci	Borges	properNoun	fra
Borges	properNoun	oci	Bourges	properNoun	fra
Bañó	properNoun	oci	Bañó	properNoun	fra
Mensah	properNoun	oci	Mensah	properNoun	fra
Mercure	properNoun	oci	Mercure	properNoun	fra
presa	noun	oci	prise	noun	fra
presa	noun	oci	proie	noun	fra
Bourbonnière	properNoun	oci	Bourbonnière	properNoun	fra
Carta	properNoun	oci	Carta	properNoun	fra
guida	noun	oci	rêne	noun	fra
guida	noun	oci	guise	noun	fra
guida	noun	oci	guide	noun	fra
muselièra	noun	oci	muselière	noun	fra
lecadissa	noun	oci	friandise	noun	fra
lecadissa	noun	oci	sucrerie	noun	fra
lonza	noun	oci	longe	noun	fra
Passarelli	properNoun	oci	Passarelli	properNoun	fra
lutar	verb	oci	lutter	verb	fra
lutar	verb	oci	bagarrer	verb	fra
Illa de França	properNoun	oci	Ile-de-France	properNoun	fra
Illa de França	properNoun	oci	Île-de-France	properNoun	fra
Pilligua	properNoun	oci	Pilligua	properNoun	fra
comaire	noun	oci	commère	noun	fra
Mugartegi	properNoun	oci	Mugartegi	properNoun	fra
omogeneïtat	noun	oci	homogénéité	noun	fra
bandiment	noun	oci	licenciement	noun	fra
bandiment	noun	oci	bannissement	noun	fra
Lamo	properNoun	oci	Lamo	properNoun	fra
Liu	properNoun	oci	Liu	properNoun	fra
Sirois	properNoun	oci	Sirois	properNoun	fra
italianitat	noun	oci	italianité	noun	fra
Aragonés	properNoun	oci	Aragonés	properNoun	fra
negacion	noun	oci	négation	noun	fra
quin que siá	pronoun	oci	n'importe qui	pronoun	fra
quin que siá	pronoun	oci	quiconque	pronoun	fra
coproduccion	noun	oci	coproduction	noun	fra
Zenga	properNoun	oci	Zenga	properNoun	fra
Farber	properNoun	oci	Farber	properNoun	fra
teishut	noun	oci	tissu	noun	fra
deure	verb	oci	devoir	verb	fra
Cortina	properNoun	oci	Cortina	properNoun	fra
Robidoux	properNoun	oci	Robidoux	properNoun	fra
dangièr	noun	oci	danger	noun	fra
Oya	properNoun	oci	Oya	properNoun	fra
entredobèrt	adjective	oci	entrouvert	adjective	fra
agençament	noun	oci	agencement	noun	fra
eslovac	adjective	oci	slovaque	adjective	fra
compulsiu	adjective	oci	compulsif	adjective	fra
anticòs	noun	oci	anticorps	noun	fra
vespa	noun	oci	guêpe	noun	fra
Flora	properNoun	oci	Flora	properNoun	fra
Rainier	properNoun	oci	Rainier	properNoun	fra
excisar	verb	oci	exciser	verb	fra
pus	adverb	oci	plus	adverb	fra
pus	adverb	oci	davantage	adverb	fra
Elia	properNoun	oci	Elia	properNoun	fra
additivitat	noun	oci	additivité	noun	fra
pensionat	noun	oci	pensionnat	noun	fra
cipriòta	noun	oci	Cypriote	noun	fra
cipriòta	noun	oci	Chypriote	noun	fra
roge	adjective	oci	rouge	adjective	fra
uèi lo jorn	adverb	oci	aujourd'hui	adverb	fra
calamar	noun	oci	calmar	noun	fra
contravent	noun	oci	volet	noun	fra
investigacion	noun	oci	recherche	noun	fra
investigacion	noun	oci	investigation	noun	fra
inculcar	verb	oci	inculquer	verb	fra
Drolet	properNoun	oci	Drolet	properNoun	fra
carrossèl	noun	oci	carrousel	noun	fra
Povey	properNoun	oci	Povey	properNoun	fra
sens fin ni pausa	adverb	oci	sans cesse	adverb	fra
afectuós	adjective	oci	affectueux	adjective	fra
malawian	adjective	oci	malawien	adjective	fra
malawian	adjective	oci	malawite	adjective	fra
Attlee	properNoun	oci	Attlee	properNoun	fra
debuta	noun	oci	début	noun	fra
recompausar	verb	oci	recomposer	verb	fra
infondat	adjective	oci	infondé	adjective	fra
agricòla	adjective	oci	agricole	adjective	fra
Escrivà	properNoun	oci	Escrivà	properNoun	fra
Uría	properNoun	oci	Uría	properNoun	fra
Zeng	properNoun	oci	Zeng	properNoun	fra
comuna	noun	oci	mairie	noun	fra
comuna	noun	oci	commune	noun	fra
comparable	adjective	oci	comparable	adjective	fra
fisiologia	noun	oci	physiologie	noun	fra
arianisme	noun	oci	arianisme	noun	fra
coma	subordinatingConjunction	oci	comme	subordinatingConjunction	fra
coma	subordinatingConjunction	oci	en tant que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Marcha	properNoun	oci	Marche	properNoun	fra
Sigismond	properNoun	oci	Sigismond	properNoun	fra
ditirambic	adjective	oci	dithyrambique	adjective	fra
Vallières	properNoun	oci	Vallières	properNoun	fra
Blais	properNoun	oci	Blais	properNoun	fra
Blanca	properNoun	oci	Blanca	properNoun	fra
Blanca	properNoun	oci	Blanche	properNoun	fra
kazakh	noun	oci	Kenyan	noun	fra
Payette	properNoun	oci	Payette	properNoun	fra
Labov	properNoun	oci	Labov	properNoun	fra
armonizacion	noun	oci	harmonisation	noun	fra
Algarve	properNoun	oci	Algarve	properNoun	fra
Cazalla	properNoun	oci	Cazalla	properNoun	fra
monoïde	noun	oci	monoïde	noun	fra
Islàndia	properNoun	oci	Islande	properNoun	fra
longitud	noun	oci	longueur	noun	fra
longitud	noun	oci	longitude	noun	fra
Rosen	properNoun	oci	Rosen	properNoun	fra
fiular	verb	oci	siffler	verb	fra
de Angelis	properNoun	oci	de Angelis	properNoun	fra
Philistin	properNoun	oci	Philistin	properNoun	fra
Pagès	properNoun	oci	Pagès	properNoun	fra
Benita	properNoun	oci	Benita	properNoun	fra
Sarabia	properNoun	oci	Sarabia	properNoun	fra
Ecclestone	properNoun	oci	Ecclestone	properNoun	fra
onça	noun	oci	once	noun	fra
massificacion	noun	oci	massification	noun	fra
pairòla	noun	oci	chaudron	noun	fra
Gubau	properNoun	oci	Gubau	properNoun	fra
Popeye	properNoun	oci	Popeye	properNoun	fra
Brookes	properNoun	oci	Brookes	properNoun	fra
Còngo	properNoun	oci	Congo	properNoun	fra
Parrinello	properNoun	oci	Parrinello	properNoun	fra
material	noun	oci	matériel	noun	fra
material	noun	oci	matériau	noun	fra
Casadei	properNoun	oci	Casadei	properNoun	fra
pièch	noun	oci	gorge	noun	fra
amplir	verb	oci	remplir	verb	fra
Parmentier	properNoun	oci	Parmentier	properNoun	fra
Lalonge	properNoun	oci	Lalonge	properNoun	fra
ordura	noun	oci	ordure	noun	fra
setzen	noun	oci	seizième	noun	fra
Marcelin	properNoun	oci	Marcelin	properNoun	fra
antroponimic	adjective	oci	anthroponymique	adjective	fra
Gascón	properNoun	oci	Gascón	properNoun	fra
detergent	noun	oci	détergent	noun	fra
Monllor	properNoun	oci	Monllor	properNoun	fra
Boston	properNoun	oci	Boston	properNoun	fra
elaborar	verb	oci	élaborer	verb	fra
auath	adverb	oci	en bas	adverb	fra
Bistodeau	properNoun	oci	Bistodeau	properNoun	fra
Castell	properNoun	oci	Castell	properNoun	fra
renauiment	noun	oci	renouvellement	noun	fra
superproduccion	noun	oci	superproduction	noun	fra
AFP	noun	oci	AFP	noun	fra
enriquiment	noun	oci	enrichissement	noun	fra
autrejar	verb	oci	attribuer	verb	fra
autrejar	verb	oci	livrer	verb	fra
autrejar	verb	oci	octroyer	verb	fra
catorzen	noun	oci	quatorzième	noun	fra
vier	verb	oci	venir	verb	fra
Marleau	properNoun	oci	Marleau	properNoun	fra
imatjariá	noun	oci	imagerie	noun	fra
Matallana	properNoun	oci	Matallana	properNoun	fra
Trubetzkoi	properNoun	oci	Trubetskoi	properNoun	fra
Trubetzkoi	properNoun	oci	Troubetskoï	properNoun	fra
apartament	noun	oci	appartement	noun	fra
barèma	noun	oci	barème	noun	fra
Kaplan	properNoun	oci	Kaplan	properNoun	fra
successivament	adverb	oci	successivement	adverb	fra
Davidson	properNoun	oci	Davidson	properNoun	fra
Ivana	properNoun	oci	Ivana	properNoun	fra
Ewing	properNoun	oci	Ewing	properNoun	fra
Sadurní	properNoun	oci	Sadurní	properNoun	fra
gibon	noun	oci	gibbon	noun	fra
delle Piane	properNoun	oci	delle Piane	properNoun	fra
Bujold	properNoun	oci	Bujold	properNoun	fra
Torro	properNoun	oci	Torro	properNoun	fra
Segués	properNoun	oci	Segués	properNoun	fra
perquisicionar	verb	oci	perquisitionner	verb	fra
Huamán	properNoun	oci	Huamán	properNoun	fra
Vilallonga	properNoun	oci	Vilallonga	properNoun	fra
Stock	properNoun	oci	Stock	properNoun	fra
Viader	properNoun	oci	Viader	properNoun	fra
Orwell	properNoun	oci	Orwell	properNoun	fra
Motos	properNoun	oci	Motos	properNoun	fra
Scot	properNoun	oci	Scot	properNoun	fra
de la Calle	properNoun	oci	de la Calle	properNoun	fra
explotacion	noun	oci	exploitation	noun	fra
apicòla	adjective	oci	apicole	adjective	fra
Saumure	properNoun	oci	Saumure	properNoun	fra
retratar	verb	oci	portraire	verb	fra
dignitat	noun	oci	dignité	noun	fra
amabilitat	noun	oci	amabilité	noun	fra
laossian	adjective	oci	laotien	adjective	fra
estomatologia	noun	oci	stomatologie	noun	fra
punhet	noun	oci	poignet	noun	fra
farfadet	noun	oci	farfadet	noun	fra
perissodactil	noun	oci	périssodactyle	noun	fra
conseu	noun	oci	conseil	noun	fra
tostemps	adverb	oci	toujours	adverb	fra
arren	pronoun	oci	rien	pronoun	fra
esquiçar	verb	oci	déchirer	verb	fra
Anastasia	properNoun	oci	Anastasia	properNoun	fra
fonograf	noun	oci	phonographe	noun	fra
mòstra	noun	oci	montre	noun	fra
azoïc	adjective	oci	azoïque	adjective	fra
alertar	verb	oci	alerter	verb	fra
Khalil	properNoun	oci	Khalil	properNoun	fra
Jimeno	properNoun	oci	Jimeno	properNoun	fra
perturbar	verb	oci	perturber	verb	fra
federacion	noun	oci	federation	noun	fra
federacion	noun	oci	fédération	noun	fra
gravitacion	noun	oci	gravitation	noun	fra
faccion	noun	oci	faction	noun	fra
a l'ombra de	preposition	oci	à l'ombre de	preposition	fra
Feng	properNoun	oci	Feng	properNoun	fra
Chico	properNoun	oci	Chico	properNoun	fra
Biel	properNoun	oci	Biel	properNoun	fra
mei	adverb	oci	plus	adverb	fra
mei	adverb	oci	davantage	adverb	fra
Damart	properNoun	oci	Damart	properNoun	fra
Espallargas	properNoun	oci	Espallargas	properNoun	fra
jove	noun	oci	jeune	noun	fra
jove	noun	oci	jeune fille	noun	fra
jove	noun	oci	jeunes gens	noun	fra
jove	noun	oci	jeune homme	noun	fra
cambriolatge	noun	oci	cambriolage	noun	fra
cementèri	noun	oci	cimetière	noun	fra
atletic	adjective	oci	athlétique	adjective	fra
collector	noun	oci	collecteur	noun	fra
autentificacion	noun	oci	authentification	noun	fra
arrestacion	noun	oci	arrestation	noun	fra
batifòc	noun	oci	briquet	noun	fra
siloeta	noun	oci	silhouette	noun	fra
flascon	noun	oci	flacon	noun	fra
Milner	properNoun	oci	Milner	properNoun	fra
fosc	adjective	oci	flou	adjective	fra
Call	properNoun	oci	Call	properNoun	fra
Bondenet	properNoun	oci	Bondenet	properNoun	fra
estetoscopia	noun	oci	stéthoscope	noun	fra
sectarisme	noun	oci	sectarisme	noun	fra
Papiol	properNoun	oci	Papiol	properNoun	fra
Pamplona	properNoun	oci	Pamplona	properNoun	fra
Larocque	properNoun	oci	Larocque	properNoun	fra
Petrarca	properNoun	oci	Petrarca	properNoun	fra
Rimbau	properNoun	oci	Rimbau	properNoun	fra
Picazo	properNoun	oci	Picazo	properNoun	fra
Gerard	properNoun	oci	Gérard	properNoun	fra
Gerard	properNoun	oci	Gerard	properNoun	fra
Calera	properNoun	oci	Calera	properNoun	fra
Badia	properNoun	oci	Badia	properNoun	fra
revenir	verb	oci	revenir	verb	fra
saturnisme	noun	oci	saturnisme	noun	fra
refugiar	verb	oci	réfugier	verb	fra
inegalament	adverb	oci	inégalement	adverb	fra
Farrow	properNoun	oci	Farrow	properNoun	fra
raid	noun	oci	descente	noun	fra
en despièch de	preposition	oci	en dépit de	preposition	fra
Keenan	properNoun	oci	Keenan	properNoun	fra
admiratiu	adjective	oci	admiratif	adjective	fra
admiratiu	adjective	oci	admirateur	adjective	fra
alexandrin	adjective	oci	alexandrin	adjective	fra
nectar	noun	oci	nectar	noun	fra
catalanista	noun	oci	catalaniste	noun	fra
Philie	properNoun	oci	Philie	properNoun	fra
afècte	noun	oci	affect	noun	fra
Glasgow	properNoun	oci	Glasgow	properNoun	fra
Fenollosa	properNoun	oci	Fenollosa	properNoun	fra
rabassa	noun	oci	truffe	noun	fra
guarir	verb	oci	soigner	verb	fra
guarir	verb	oci	guérir	verb	fra
ciutadanetat	noun	oci	citoyenneté	noun	fra
rector	adjective	oci	curé	adjective	fra
Renouf	properNoun	oci	Renouf	properNoun	fra
inscripcion	noun	oci	inscription	noun	fra
Ponsatí	properNoun	oci	Ponsatí	properNoun	fra
Bort	properNoun	oci	Bort	properNoun	fra
malai	noun	oci	Malaisien	noun	fra
artròsi	noun	oci	arthrose	noun	fra
Camero	properNoun	oci	Camero	properNoun	fra
Gour	properNoun	oci	Gour	properNoun	fra
Ramond	properNoun	oci	Ramond	properNoun	fra
bronzinar	verb	oci	bourdonner	verb	fra
Lagrandeur	properNoun	oci	Lagrandeur	properNoun	fra
Fiola	properNoun	oci	Fiola	properNoun	fra
operator	noun	oci	opérateur	noun	fra
Liverpool	properNoun	oci	Liverpool	properNoun	fra
azèri	noun	oci	azéri	noun	fra
azèri	noun	oci	azerbaïdjanais	noun	fra
Kierkegaard	properNoun	oci	Kierkegaard	properNoun	fra
ceremònia	noun	oci	cérémonie	noun	fra
Nacho	properNoun	oci	Nacho	properNoun	fra
Vilana	properNoun	oci	Vilana	properNoun	fra
Libia	properNoun	oci	Libye	properNoun	fra
lusc	noun	oci	louche	noun	fra
Holloway	properNoun	oci	Holloway	properNoun	fra
Xia	properNoun	oci	Xia	properNoun	fra
corveta	noun	oci	corvette	noun	fra
salafista	noun	oci	salafiste	noun	fra
Amandine	properNoun	oci	Amandine	properNoun	fra
vielhesa	noun	oci	vieillesse	noun	fra
cossent damb	preposition	oci	en accord avec	preposition	fra
North	properNoun	oci	North	properNoun	fra
Travé	properNoun	oci	Travé	properNoun	fra
Bigaouette	properNoun	oci	Bigaouette	properNoun	fra
Juanita	properNoun	oci	Juanita	properNoun	fra
Ackerman	properNoun	oci	Ackerman	properNoun	fra
faugièra	noun	oci	fougère	noun	fra
Ngo	properNoun	oci	Ngo	properNoun	fra
cauna	noun	oci	grotte	noun	fra
cortesament	adverb	oci	courtoisement	adverb	fra
mesurat	adjective	oci	mesuré	adjective	fra
Apalanza	properNoun	oci	Apalanza	properNoun	fra
Pahlavi	properNoun	oci	Pahlavi	properNoun	fra
Barajas	properNoun	oci	Barajas	properNoun	fra
Cisjordania	properNoun	oci	Cisjordanie	properNoun	fra
Ozbequistan	properNoun	oci	Ouzbékistan	properNoun	fra
Cadorette	properNoun	oci	Cadorette	properNoun	fra
idrocarbur	noun	oci	hydrocarbure	noun	fra
escotomizacion	noun	oci	scotomisation	noun	fra
Anadyr	properNoun	oci	Anadyr	properNoun	fra
executiu	adjective	oci	exécutif	adjective	fra
mamar	verb	oci	téter	verb	fra
lampion	noun	oci	lampion	noun	fra
Benz	properNoun	oci	Benz	properNoun	fra
Bill	properNoun	oci	Bill	properNoun	fra
Roberto	properNoun	oci	Roberta	properNoun	fra
Roberto	properNoun	oci	Roberto	properNoun	fra
estandard	noun	oci	standard	noun	fra
Meritxell	properNoun	oci	Meritxell	properNoun	fra
Shea	properNoun	oci	Shea	properNoun	fra
Deveault	properNoun	oci	Deveault	properNoun	fra
acadèmia	noun	oci	académie	noun	fra
posterior	adjective	oci	postérieur	adjective	fra
figurar	verb	oci	figurer	verb	fra
Nagy	properNoun	oci	Nagy	properNoun	fra
luchaire	noun	oci	lutteur	noun	fra
mantieniment	noun	oci	entretien	noun	fra
mantieniment	noun	oci	maintien	noun	fra
ucrainés	adjective	oci	ukrainien	adjective	fra
Kane	properNoun	oci	Kane	properNoun	fra
etimologicament	adverb	oci	étymologiquement	adverb	fra
Gustavo	properNoun	oci	Gustavo	properNoun	fra
Tedeschi	properNoun	oci	Tedeschi	properNoun	fra
Ben	properNoun	oci	Ben	properNoun	fra
Heaton	properNoun	oci	Heaton	properNoun	fra
Union Europèa	properNoun	oci	Union européenne	properNoun	fra
Rochette	properNoun	oci	Rochette	properNoun	fra
contrast	noun	oci	contraste	noun	fra
ÈTA	noun	oci	ETA	noun	fra
Galli	properNoun	oci	Galli	properNoun	fra
vestigi	noun	oci	vestige	noun	fra
Monica	properNoun	oci	Monica	properNoun	fra
lop	noun	oci	loup	noun	fra
distribuir	verb	oci	distribuer	verb	fra
McGrath	properNoun	oci	McGrath	properNoun	fra
auditor	noun	oci	auditeur	noun	fra
negativament	adverb	oci	négativement	adverb	fra
circonstància	noun	oci	circonstance	noun	fra
circonstància	noun	oci	occasion	noun	fra
Solorzano	properNoun	oci	Solorzano	properNoun	fra
Tuset	properNoun	oci	Tuset	properNoun	fra
Reguero	properNoun	oci	Reguero	properNoun	fra
Vanasse	properNoun	oci	Vanasse	properNoun	fra
quilha	noun	oci	quille	noun	fra
monumentalitat	noun	oci	monumentalité	noun	fra
transformacion	noun	oci	transformation	noun	fra
Éliane	properNoun	oci	Éliane	properNoun	fra
Gap	properNoun	oci	Gap	properNoun	fra
Baidal	properNoun	oci	Baidal	properNoun	fra
impacte	noun	oci	impact	noun	fra
ieu meteis	pronoun	oci	moi-même	pronoun	fra
Müller	properNoun	oci	Müller	properNoun	fra
Palin	properNoun	oci	Palin	properNoun	fra
von Scheffels	properNoun	oci	von Scheffels	properNoun	fra
guisa	noun	oci	guise	noun	fra
hawaiian	adjective	oci	hawaïen	adjective	fra
trivialitat	noun	oci	trivialité	noun	fra
seissanten	adjective	oci	soixantième	adjective	fra
esquadron	noun	oci	escadron	noun	fra
Arró	properNoun	oci	Arró	properNoun	fra
venceire	adjective	oci	vainqueur	adjective	fra
escatologic	adjective	oci	eschatologique	adjective	fra
estrategia	noun	oci	stratégie	noun	fra
Constant	properNoun	oci	Constant	properNoun	fra
millenari	adjective	oci	millénaire	adjective	fra
galactic	adjective	oci	galactique	adjective	fra
demorar	verb	oci	demeurer	verb	fra
demorar	verb	oci	rester	verb	fra
ondurenc	adjective	oci	hondurien	adjective	fra
Lemelin	properNoun	oci	Lemelin	properNoun	fra
ueitanta quatre	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-quatre	numeral	fra
vesicula	noun	oci	vésicule	noun	fra
laç	noun	oci	collet	noun	fra
laç	noun	oci	lacet	noun	fra
fordisme	noun	oci	fordisme	noun	fra
donacion	noun	oci	donation	noun	fra
bosquilh	noun	oci	bosquet	noun	fra
analiticament	adverb	oci	analytiquement	adverb	fra
parallèlament	adverb	oci	parallèlement	adverb	fra
Aguayo	properNoun	oci	Aguayo	properNoun	fra
Ziegfeld	properNoun	oci	Ziegfeld	properNoun	fra
Tudela	properNoun	oci	Tudela	properNoun	fra
Saint-Brieuc	properNoun	oci	Saint-Brieuc	properNoun	fra
Picotte	properNoun	oci	Picotte	properNoun	fra
Digiovanni	properNoun	oci	Digiovanni	properNoun	fra
Paquette	properNoun	oci	Paquette	properNoun	fra
aurièira	noun	oci	rive	noun	fra
aurièira	noun	oci	berge	noun	fra
Tarte	properNoun	oci	Tarte	properNoun	fra
Finch	properNoun	oci	Finch	properNoun	fra
parlariá	noun	oci	parlerie	noun	fra
curatiu	adjective	oci	curatif	adjective	fra
certitud	noun	oci	certitude	noun	fra
Bailén	properNoun	oci	Bailén	properNoun	fra
màster	noun	oci	master	noun	fra
ganhant	noun	oci	gagnant	noun	fra
Cacciatore	properNoun	oci	Cacciatore	properNoun	fra
antitèsi	noun	oci	antithèse	noun	fra
Irujo	properNoun	oci	Irujo	properNoun	fra
escultar	verb	oci	sculpter	verb	fra
anabolisme	noun	oci	anabolisme	noun	fra
Hollywood	properNoun	oci	Hollywood	properNoun	fra
avantgarda	noun	oci	avant-garde	noun	fra
fixitat	noun	oci	fixité	noun	fra
Claus	properNoun	oci	Claus	properNoun	fra
Martos	properNoun	oci	Martos	properNoun	fra
filtratge	noun	oci	filtrage	noun	fra
Mélanie	properNoun	oci	Mélanie	properNoun	fra
lèumens	adverb	oci	habituellement	adverb	fra
Riopel	properNoun	oci	Riopel	properNoun	fra
Batallé	properNoun	oci	Batallé	properNoun	fra
rama	noun	oci	rame	noun	fra
rama	noun	oci	branche	noun	fra
estrata	noun	oci	strate	noun	fra
recruta	noun	oci	recrue	noun	fra
Such	properNoun	oci	Such	properNoun	fra
extradir	verb	oci	extrader	verb	fra
Massicotte	properNoun	oci	Massicotte	properNoun	fra
camba	noun	oci	jambe	noun	fra
Teolis	properNoun	oci	Teolis	properNoun	fra
impresentable	adjective	oci	imprésentable	adjective	fra
Viaur	properNoun	oci	Viau	properNoun	fra
ne	pronoun	oci	en	pronoun	fra
Dibenedetto	properNoun	oci	Dibenedetto	properNoun	fra
Potonik	properNoun	oci	Potonik	properNoun	fra
maire	noun	oci	mère	noun	fra
maire	noun	oci	matrice	noun	fra
ms	noun	oci	ms	noun	fra
amiar	verb	oci	porter	verb	fra
amiar	verb	oci	conduire	verb	fra
amiar	verb	oci	piloter	verb	fra
amiar	verb	oci	mener	verb	fra
amiar	verb	oci	emporter	verb	fra
moviment	noun	oci	mouvement	noun	fra
Clint	properNoun	oci	Clint	properNoun	fra
desnaturar	verb	oci	dénaturer	verb	fra
Mazda	properNoun	oci	Mazda	properNoun	fra
quirguiz	adjective	oci	kirghiz	adjective	fra
galvanizacion	noun	oci	galvanisation	noun	fra
adulacion	noun	oci	adulation	noun	fra
Dudseloy	properNoun	oci	Dudseloy	properNoun	fra
BOE	noun	oci	BOE	noun	fra
foraminifèr	noun	oci	foraminifère	noun	fra
Bangui	properNoun	oci	Bangui	properNoun	fra
vigorosament	adverb	oci	vigoureusement	adverb	fra
Franchi	properNoun	oci	Franchi	properNoun	fra
bigatana	noun	oci	javelot	noun	fra
còrb	noun	oci	corbeau	noun	fra
informatiu	adjective	oci	informatif	adjective	fra
desintegrar	verb	oci	désintégrer	verb	fra
contrafaire	verb	oci	contrefaire	verb	fra
galariá	noun	oci	galerie	noun	fra
menut	adjective	oci	menu	adjective	fra
Ob	properNoun	oci	Ob	properNoun	fra
Baeza	properNoun	oci	Baeza	properNoun	fra
param	noun	oci	piège	noun	fra
Potter	properNoun	oci	Potter	properNoun	fra
seissanta sèt	numeral	oci	soixante-sept	numeral	fra
lengadocian	noun	oci	languedocien	noun	fra
desplaçat	adjective	oci	déplacé	adjective	fra
lamp	noun	oci	éclair	noun	fra
acretat	noun	oci	âcreté	noun	fra
Canalda	properNoun	oci	Canalda	properNoun	fra
Daunais	properNoun	oci	Daunais	properNoun	fra
Puebla	properNoun	oci	Puebla	properNoun	fra
Laínez	properNoun	oci	Laínez	properNoun	fra
augmentar	verb	oci	augmenter	verb	fra
laïc	adjective	oci	laïc	adjective	fra
evolucionisme	noun	oci	évolutionnisme	noun	fra
Carnerero	properNoun	oci	Carnerero	properNoun	fra
dimorfisme	noun	oci	dimorphisme	noun	fra
enòrme	adjective	oci	énorme	adjective	fra
mendicaire	noun	oci	mendiant	noun	fra
Creuse	properNoun	oci	Creuse	properNoun	fra
Sarkis	properNoun	oci	Sarkis	properNoun	fra
triptic	noun	oci	triptyque	noun	fra
complement	noun	oci	complément	noun	fra
aprigondiment	noun	oci	approfondissement	noun	fra
castrista	noun	oci	castriste	noun	fra
reticent	adjective	oci	réticent	adjective	fra
gigant	noun	oci	géant	noun	fra
gigant	noun	oci	topinambour	noun	fra
validar	verb	oci	valider	verb	fra
galejar	verb	oci	plaisanter	verb	fra
dentari	adjective	oci	dentaire	adjective	fra
Chezzi	properNoun	oci	Chezzi	properNoun	fra
Magdaleno	properNoun	oci	Magdaleno	properNoun	fra
aquesit	noun	oci	acquis	noun	fra
levar	verb	oci	enlever	verb	fra
levar	verb	oci	lever	verb	fra
classic	noun	oci	classique	noun	fra
estug	noun	oci	trousse	noun	fra
abastar	verb	oci	comprendre	verb	fra
abastar	verb	oci	abonder	verb	fra
envolopa	noun	oci	enveloppe	noun	fra
vinten	noun	oci	vingtième	noun	fra
Mayers	properNoun	oci	Mayers	properNoun	fra
Bensimon	properNoun	oci	Bensimon	properNoun	fra
Cagnoli	properNoun	oci	Cagnoli	properNoun	fra
Phan	properNoun	oci	Phan	properNoun	fra
Molí	properNoun	oci	Molí	properNoun	fra
çai sus	adverb	oci	ci-dessus	adverb	fra
desespuèi	preposition	oci	depuis	preposition	fra
rèma	noun	oci	rhème	noun	fra
remèdi	noun	oci	médicament	noun	fra
remèdi	noun	oci	remède	noun	fra
PS	noun	oci	PS	noun	fra
bioindicador	adjective	oci	bioindicateur	adjective	fra
malnutricion	noun	oci	malnutrition	noun	fra
trenta	numeral	oci	trente	numeral	fra
afrairat	adjective	oci	jumelé	adjective	fra
Milla	properNoun	oci	Milla	properNoun	fra
motorizacion	noun	oci	motorisation	noun	fra
Georgia	properNoun	oci	Géorgie	properNoun	fra
Georgia	properNoun	oci	Georgia	properNoun	fra
Marhuenda	properNoun	oci	Marhuenda	properNoun	fra
Rosselló	properNoun	oci	Rosselló	properNoun	fra
animat	adjective	oci	animé	adjective	fra
cinquau	adjective	oci	cinquième	adjective	fra
Sendra	properNoun	oci	Sendra	properNoun	fra
corporatiu	adjective	oci	corporatif	adjective	fra
forselon	noun	oci	frelon	noun	fra
Opran	properNoun	oci	Opran	properNoun	fra
Oblare	properNoun	oci	Oblare	properNoun	fra
LSD	noun	oci	LSD	noun	fra
Loyola	properNoun	oci	Loyola	properNoun	fra
Pers	properNoun	oci	Pers	properNoun	fra
Shecanapish	properNoun	oci	Shecanapish	properNoun	fra
comunicar	verb	oci	communiquer	verb	fra
dictadura	noun	oci	dictature	noun	fra
planheròt	noun	oci	rayonnage	noun	fra
planheròt	noun	oci	palier	noun	fra
celibatari	adjective	oci	célibataire	adjective	fra
Holguín	properNoun	oci	Holguín	properNoun	fra
Goti	properNoun	oci	Goti	properNoun	fra
Pipon	properNoun	oci	Pipon	properNoun	fra
produccion	noun	oci	production	noun	fra
teta	noun	oci	mamelle	noun	fra
teta	noun	oci	sein	noun	fra
teta	noun	oci	tette	noun	fra
còstariquenc	adjective	oci	costaricien	adjective	fra
67n	adjective	oci	67ème	adjective	fra
eficaç	adjective	oci	efficace	adjective	fra
dualisme	noun	oci	dualisme	noun	fra
Morante	properNoun	oci	Morante	properNoun	fra
Carrefour	properNoun	oci	Carrefour	properNoun	fra
Menéndez	properNoun	oci	Menéndez	properNoun	fra
excessivament	adverb	oci	excessivement	adverb	fra
Sin	properNoun	oci	Sin	properNoun	fra
dinamizacion	noun	oci	dynamisation	noun	fra
intercedir	verb	oci	intercéder	verb	fra
Anasagasti	properNoun	oci	Anasagasti	properNoun	fra
alèra	adverb	oci	lors	adverb	fra
alèra	adverb	oci	alors	adverb	fra
Quera	properNoun	oci	Quera	properNoun	fra
Arnan	properNoun	oci	Arnan	properNoun	fra
juvenil	adjective	oci	juvénile	adjective	fra
Paris	properNoun	oci	Paris	properNoun	fra
comprene	verb	oci	comprendre	verb	fra
glevada	noun	oci	écobuage	noun	fra
elegància	noun	oci	élégance	noun	fra
fial	noun	oci	fil	noun	fra
von Uexküll	properNoun	oci	von Uexküll	properNoun	fra
Falardeau	properNoun	oci	Falardeau	properNoun	fra
carreta	noun	oci	charrette	noun	fra
77n	adjective	oci	77ème	adjective	fra
Justicia	properNoun	oci	Justicia	properNoun	fra
neofaissista	noun	oci	néofasciste	noun	fra
Agulló	properNoun	oci	Agulló	properNoun	fra
Montpellier	properNoun	oci	Montpellier	properNoun	fra
competicion	noun	oci	competition	noun	fra
competicion	noun	oci	compétition	noun	fra
Richards	properNoun	oci	Richards	properNoun	fra
espèr	noun	oci	espoir	noun	fra
enumeratiu	adjective	oci	énumératif	adjective	fra
Schengen	properNoun	oci	Schengen	properNoun	fra
Moran	properNoun	oci	Moran	properNoun	fra
esquileta	noun	oci	clochette	noun	fra
Desforges	properNoun	oci	Desforges	properNoun	fra
Parry	properNoun	oci	Parry	properNoun	fra
renom	noun	oci	renom	noun	fra
monopòli	noun	oci	monopole	noun	fra
Bohr	properNoun	oci	Bohr	properNoun	fra
navegar	verb	oci	naviguer	verb	fra
Zamudio	properNoun	oci	Zamudio	properNoun	fra
autobiografia	noun	oci	autobiographie	noun	fra
Faulkner	properNoun	oci	Faulkner	properNoun	fra
titubar	verb	oci	tituber	verb	fra
ferocitat	noun	oci	férocité	noun	fra
Borell	properNoun	oci	Borell	properNoun	fra
Lottinville	properNoun	oci	Lottinville	properNoun	fra
Bèc	properNoun	oci	Bèc	properNoun	fra
forar	verb	oci	forer	verb	fra
brancar	verb	oci	brancher	verb	fra
esclau	noun	oci	esclave	noun	fra
robotica	noun	oci	robotique	noun	fra
periple	noun	oci	périple	noun	fra
epòca	noun	oci	époque	noun	fra
Nájera	properNoun	oci	Nájera	properNoun	fra
per çò que tanh	preposition	oci	en ce qui concerne	preposition	fra
medicament	noun	oci	médicament	noun	fra
Verma	properNoun	oci	Verma	properNoun	fra
Vázquez	properNoun	oci	Vázquez	properNoun	fra
fajal	noun	oci	hêtraie	noun	fra
Nagoya	properNoun	oci	Nagoya	properNoun	fra
bagada	noun	oci	collet	noun	fra
Pariente	properNoun	oci	Pariente	properNoun	fra
installacion	noun	oci	installation	noun	fra
Matthieu	properNoun	oci	Matthieu	properNoun	fra
Sagarzazu	properNoun	oci	Sagarzazu	properNoun	fra
Seró	properNoun	oci	Seró	properNoun	fra
Sagrista	properNoun	oci	Sagrista	properNoun	fra
Ecrig	properNoun	oci	Ecrig	properNoun	fra
von Bauernfeld	properNoun	oci	von Bauernfeld	properNoun	fra
Horta	properNoun	oci	Horta	properNoun	fra
MIT	noun	oci	MIT	noun	fra
falsament	adverb	oci	faussement	adverb	fra
apocrif	noun	oci	apocryphe	noun	fra
tan de temps coma	subordinatingConjunction	oci	aussi longtemps que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
substitucion	noun	oci	substitution	noun	fra
Whitefield	properNoun	oci	Whitefield	properNoun	fra
pension	noun	oci	pension	noun	fra
pension	noun	oci	retraite	noun	fra
Estañ	properNoun	oci	Estañ	properNoun	fra
Fan	properNoun	oci	Fan	properNoun	fra
sosterranh	adjective	oci	souterrain	adjective	fra
Orlik	properNoun	oci	Orlik	properNoun	fra
Kelsey	properNoun	oci	Kelsey	properNoun	fra
Lazo	properNoun	oci	Lazo	properNoun	fra
breton	adjective	oci	breton	adjective	fra
Toronto	properNoun	oci	Toronto	properNoun	fra
plaga	noun	oci	plaie	noun	fra
tendon	noun	oci	tendon	noun	fra
oitanta quatre	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-quatre	numeral	fra
Cornellier	properNoun	oci	Cornellier	properNoun	fra
Bangladèsh	properNoun	oci	Bangladesh	properNoun	fra
promulgacion	noun	oci	promulgation	noun	fra
Giorgianni	properNoun	oci	Giorgianni	properNoun	fra
Roché	properNoun	oci	Roché	properNoun	fra
parricida	adjective	oci	parricide	adjective	fra
contar	verb	oci	raconter	verb	fra
contar	verb	oci	conter	verb	fra
a l'interior	adverb	oci	à l'intérieur	adverb	fra
Arranburu	properNoun	oci	Arranburu	properNoun	fra
ciprès	noun	oci	cyprès	noun	fra
Morote	properNoun	oci	Morote	properNoun	fra
Brais	properNoun	oci	Brais	properNoun	fra
antibiotic	adjective	oci	antibiotique	adjective	fra
Anquetil	properNoun	oci	Anquetil	properNoun	fra
disfonccionament	noun	oci	dysfonctionnement	noun	fra
Cárceles	properNoun	oci	Cárceles	properNoun	fra
socratic	adjective	oci	socratique	adjective	fra
episodicament	adverb	oci	épisodiquement	adverb	fra
Ortega	properNoun	oci	Ortega	properNoun	fra
Laviolette	properNoun	oci	Laviolette	properNoun	fra
Prunièr	properNoun	oci	Prunièr	properNoun	fra
arqueològue	noun	oci	archéologue	noun	fra
Marina	properNoun	oci	Mar	properNoun	fra
Marina	properNoun	oci	Marina	properNoun	fra
Brady	properNoun	oci	Brady	properNoun	fra
Sol	properNoun	oci	Sol	properNoun	fra
Pèir	properNoun	oci	Pèir	properNoun	fra
concernit	adjective	oci	concerné	adjective	fra
confidéncia	noun	oci	confidence	noun	fra
Piqueras	properNoun	oci	Piqueras	properNoun	fra
Josué	properNoun	oci	Josué	properNoun	fra
en linha	adverb	oci	en ligne	adverb	fra
Myette	properNoun	oci	Myette	properNoun	fra
ribon-ribaina	adverb	oci	bon gré mal gré	adverb	fra
Estany	properNoun	oci	Estany	properNoun	fra
faiçon	noun	oci	façon	noun	fra
faiçon	noun	oci	manière	noun	fra
ascensor	noun	oci	ascenseur	noun	fra
Courville	properNoun	oci	Courville	properNoun	fra
centre vila	noun	oci	centre-ville	noun	fra
lucar	verb	oci	guetter	verb	fra
Meadow	properNoun	oci	Meadow	properNoun	fra
tecnologia	noun	oci	technologie	noun	fra
Merkel	properNoun	oci	Merkel	properNoun	fra
Zabaleta	properNoun	oci	Zabaleta	properNoun	fra
onèst	adjective	oci	honnête	adjective	fra
fissil	adjective	oci	fissile	adjective	fra
distint	adjective	oci	différent	adjective	fra
distint	adjective	oci	distinct	adjective	fra
baissament	noun	oci	baissement	noun	fra
von Neumann	properNoun	oci	von Neumann	properNoun	fra
Debellefeuille	properNoun	oci	Debellefeuille	properNoun	fra
adrest	noun	oci	myrtille	noun	fra
Allègre	properNoun	oci	Allègre	properNoun	fra
Nasser	properNoun	oci	Nasser	properNoun	fra
socializacion	noun	oci	socialisation	noun	fra
infinidament	adverb	oci	infiniment	adverb	fra
franquista	noun	oci	franquiste	noun	fra
Bermúdez	properNoun	oci	Bermúdez	properNoun	fra
Mahfuz	properNoun	oci	Mahfuz	properNoun	fra
jurista	noun	oci	juriste	noun	fra
erectile	adjective	oci	érectile	adjective	fra
crobir	verb	oci	napper	verb	fra
crobir	verb	oci	couvrir	verb	fra
crobir	verb	oci	joncher	verb	fra
Alvira	properNoun	oci	Alvira	properNoun	fra
Ameskoa	properNoun	oci	Ameskoa	properNoun	fra
ebenista	noun	oci	ébéniste	noun	fra
reequilibratge	noun	oci	rééquilibrage	noun	fra
Kandinskii	properNoun	oci	Kandinsky	properNoun	fra
Kandinskii	properNoun	oci	Kandinski	properNoun	fra
aligança	noun	oci	alliance	noun	fra
Santiago Bernabeu	properNoun	oci	Santiago Bernabéu	properNoun	fra
progressista	noun	oci	progressiste	noun	fra
independent	adjective	oci	indépendant	adjective	fra
Kung Fu	properNoun	oci	Kung Fu	properNoun	fra
vot	noun	oci	vote	noun	fra
esfinge	noun	oci	sphinx	noun	fra
Ojea	properNoun	oci	Ojea	properNoun	fra
Viu	properNoun	oci	Viu	properNoun	fra
escolaritat	noun	oci	scolarité	noun	fra
vitrificar	verb	oci	vitrifier	verb	fra
Lombard	properNoun	oci	Lombard	properNoun	fra
ànsia	noun	oci	anxiété	noun	fra
ànsia	noun	oci	transe	noun	fra
Campbell	properNoun	oci	Campbell	properNoun	fra
Bayona	properNoun	oci	Bayona	properNoun	fra
orari	adjective	oci	horaire	adjective	fra
Izzi	properNoun	oci	Izzi	properNoun	fra
Balladares	properNoun	oci	Balladares	properNoun	fra
Fiji	properNoun	oci	Fidji	properNoun	fra
paciéncia	noun	oci	patience	noun	fra
ucraïnian	adjective	oci	ukrainien	adjective	fra
desintegracion	noun	oci	désintégration	noun	fra
Limós	properNoun	oci	Limoux	properNoun	fra
coard	noun	oci	couard	noun	fra
coard	noun	oci	lâche	noun	fra
pelha	noun	oci	chiffon	noun	fra
pelha	noun	oci	peille	noun	fra
separacion	noun	oci	séparation	noun	fra
Hijano	properNoun	oci	Hijano	properNoun	fra
morre	noun	oci	museau	noun	fra
morre	noun	oci	groin	noun	fra
miliarden	adjective	oci	milliardième	adjective	fra
Vivienne	properNoun	oci	Vivienne	properNoun	fra
Duch	properNoun	oci	Duch	properNoun	fra
Steven	properNoun	oci	Steven	properNoun	fra
emigracion	noun	oci	émigration	noun	fra
Dowland	properNoun	oci	Dowland	properNoun	fra
chipriòta	noun	oci	Cypriote	noun	fra
chipriòta	noun	oci	Chypriote	noun	fra
Martins	properNoun	oci	Martins	properNoun	fra
ANH	noun	oci	ANH	noun	fra
adversatiu	adjective	oci	adversatif	adjective	fra
solemnitat	noun	oci	solemnité	noun	fra
solemnitat	noun	oci	solennité	noun	fra
Wigner	properNoun	oci	Wigner	properNoun	fra
notari	noun	oci	notaire	noun	fra
fèrm	adverb	oci	ferme	adverb	fra
etnocentric	adjective	oci	ethnocentrique	adjective	fra
plan	adjective	oci	plan	adjective	fra
obstructiu	adjective	oci	obstructif	adjective	fra
Quintero	properNoun	oci	Quintero	properNoun	fra
anticatalanista	noun	oci	anticatalaniste	noun	fra
dramaticament	adverb	oci	dramatiquement	adverb	fra
Adnan	properNoun	oci	Adnan	properNoun	fra
Repiso	properNoun	oci	Repiso	properNoun	fra
matrimòni	noun	oci	mariage	noun	fra
preservacion	noun	oci	préservation	noun	fra
lo qui	relativePronoun	oci	celui qui	relativePronoun	fra
lo qui	relativePronoun	oci	celui que	relativePronoun	fra
incèrt	adjective	oci	incertain	adjective	fra
au mens	adverb	oci	au moins	adverb	fra
Castañón	properNoun	oci	Castañón	properNoun	fra
reïntroduccion	noun	oci	réintroduction	noun	fra
Blackmore	properNoun	oci	Blackmore	properNoun	fra
Jareño	properNoun	oci	Jareño	properNoun	fra
Guitard	properNoun	oci	Guitard	properNoun	fra
Regás	properNoun	oci	Regás	properNoun	fra
Bassett	properNoun	oci	Bassett	properNoun	fra
Lahaie	properNoun	oci	Lahaie	properNoun	fra
von Bassewitz	properNoun	oci	von Bassewitz	properNoun	fra
Castañeda	properNoun	oci	Castañeda	properNoun	fra
Shink	properNoun	oci	Shink	properNoun	fra
amicalitat	noun	oci	amicalité	noun	fra
trist	adjective	oci	triste	adjective	fra
equivaler	verb	oci	équivaloir	verb	fra
nap	noun	oci	navet	noun	fra
Angnatuk	properNoun	oci	Angnatuk	properNoun	fra
mascòta	noun	oci	mascotte	noun	fra
mas	adverb	oci	davantage	adverb	fra
mas	adverb	oci	plus	adverb	fra
mas	adverb	oci	ferme	adverb	fra
confermatòri	adjective	oci	confirmatoire	adjective	fra
estetic	adjective	oci	esthétique	adjective	fra
botulisme	noun	oci	botulisme	noun	fra
Despatie	properNoun	oci	Despatie	properNoun	fra
tencha	noun	oci	encre	noun	fra
von Stein	properNoun	oci	von Stein	properNoun	fra
Verpaelst	properNoun	oci	Verpaelst	properNoun	fra
Hilaire	properNoun	oci	Hilaire	properNoun	fra
discrecion	noun	oci	discrétion	noun	fra
ancianament	adverb	oci	anciennement	adverb	fra
baug	adjective	oci	fou	adjective	fra
Phenix	properNoun	oci	Phenix	properNoun	fra
jubilacion	noun	oci	retraite	noun	fra
jubilacion	noun	oci	jubilation	noun	fra
nervós	adjective	oci	nerveux	adjective	fra
Mascarell	properNoun	oci	Mascarell	properNoun	fra
variància	noun	oci	variance	noun	fra
coa	noun	oci	queue	noun	fra
Martial	properNoun	oci	Martial	properNoun	fra
sèrbe	noun	oci	serbe	noun	fra
internacionalizacion	noun	oci	internationalisation	noun	fra
Tooma	properNoun	oci	Tooma	properNoun	fra
Jackson	properNoun	oci	Jackson	properNoun	fra
Baillargeon	properNoun	oci	Baillargeon	properNoun	fra
noumèn	noun	oci	noumène	noun	fra
Penney	properNoun	oci	Penney	properNoun	fra
Huguet	properNoun	oci	Huguet	properNoun	fra
Faubel	properNoun	oci	Faubel	properNoun	fra
CLO	noun	oci	CLO	noun	fra
Echols	properNoun	oci	Echols	properNoun	fra
bandejar	verb	oci	affairer	verb	fra
bandejar	verb	oci	agiter	verb	fra
enterpresa	noun	oci	entreprise	noun	fra
sollicitar	verb	oci	solliciter	verb	fra
Gant	properNoun	oci	Gand	properNoun	fra
Depelteau	properNoun	oci	Depelteau	properNoun	fra
trompa	noun	oci	trompe	noun	fra
liberalizar	verb	oci	libéraliser	verb	fra
Tailàndia	properNoun	oci	Thaïlande	properNoun	fra
trebol	noun	oci	louche	noun	fra
Pitre	properNoun	oci	Pitre	properNoun	fra
Codinachs	properNoun	oci	Codinachs	properNoun	fra
emofil	adjective	oci	hémophile	adjective	fra
Carot	properNoun	oci	Carot	properNoun	fra
esca	noun	oci	appât	noun	fra
esca	noun	oci	amadou	noun	fra
esca	noun	oci	amadouvier	noun	fra
interessar	verb	oci	intéresser	verb	fra
dubrir	verb	oci	ouvrir	verb	fra
inevitable	adjective	oci	inévitable	adjective	fra
polinòmi	noun	oci	polynôme	noun	fra
filipin	adjective	oci	philippin	adjective	fra
Ammar	properNoun	oci	Ammar	properNoun	fra
Caturla	properNoun	oci	Caturla	properNoun	fra
Antaya	properNoun	oci	Antaya	properNoun	fra
fecond	adjective	oci	fécond	adjective	fra
Casadella	properNoun	oci	Casadella	properNoun	fra
palatalitat	noun	oci	palatalité	noun	fra
brut	adjective	oci	sale	adjective	fra
brut	adjective	oci	brut	adjective	fra
Bausa	properNoun	oci	Bausa	properNoun	fra
Nassau	properNoun	oci	Nassau	properNoun	fra
Rahaman	properNoun	oci	Rahaman	properNoun	fra
interaccion	noun	oci	interaction	noun	fra
contentament	noun	oci	contentement	noun	fra
catar	adjective	oci	cathare	adjective	fra
Hasbro	properNoun	oci	Hasbro	properNoun	fra
reinsercion	noun	oci	réinsertion	noun	fra
cosin	noun	oci	cousin	noun	fra
trufaria	noun	oci	plaisanterie	noun	fra
Matheson	properNoun	oci	Matheson	properNoun	fra
preposicion	noun	oci	préposition	noun	fra
Estefania	properNoun	oci	Estefania	properNoun	fra
Estefania	properNoun	oci	Stéphanie	properNoun	fra
Emanuele	properNoun	oci	Emanuele	properNoun	fra
Paniagua	properNoun	oci	Paniagua	properNoun	fra
incompreneson	noun	oci	incompréhension	noun	fra
Ghana	properNoun	oci	Ghana	properNoun	fra
Bugié	properNoun	oci	Bugié	properNoun	fra
provèrbi	noun	oci	proverbe	noun	fra
economic	adjective	oci	économique	adjective	fra
diferencial	noun	oci	différentiel	noun	fra
Ayotte	properNoun	oci	Ayotte	properNoun	fra
importar	verb	oci	importer	verb	fra
cimbol	noun	oci	clochette	noun	fra
Bonifaci	properNoun	oci	Bonifaci	properNoun	fra
Bonifaci	properNoun	oci	Boniface	properNoun	fra
remborsament	noun	oci	remboursement	noun	fra
sovent	adverb	oci	souvent	adverb	fra
pescaire	adjective	oci	pêcheur	adjective	fra
Frederic	properNoun	oci	Frédéric	properNoun	fra
Frederic	properNoun	oci	Frederic	properNoun	fra
EB	noun	oci	EB	noun	fra
Barniol	properNoun	oci	Barniol	properNoun	fra
Walpole	properNoun	oci	Walpole	properNoun	fra
von Lüde	properNoun	oci	von Lüde	properNoun	fra
eretar	verb	oci	hériter	verb	fra
Casio	properNoun	oci	Casio	properNoun	fra
demograficament	adverb	oci	démographiquement	adverb	fra
gas	noun	oci	gaz	noun	fra
localizacion	noun	oci	localisation	noun	fra
redistribucion	noun	oci	redistribution	noun	fra
Yaoundé	properNoun	oci	Yaoundé	properNoun	fra
implacable	adjective	oci	implacable	adjective	fra
participant	adjective	oci	participant	adjective	fra
botanica	noun	oci	botanique	noun	fra
conjuntament	adverb	oci	ensemble	adverb	fra
conjuntament	adverb	oci	conjointement	adverb	fra
Usero	properNoun	oci	Usero	properNoun	fra
Arlene	properNoun	oci	Arlene	properNoun	fra
questionament	noun	oci	questionnement	noun	fra
Casamiquela	properNoun	oci	Casamiquela	properNoun	fra
utilizaire	adjective	oci	utilisateur	adjective	fra
Arbat	properNoun	oci	Arbat	properNoun	fra
platin	noun	oci	platine	noun	fra
èrsa	noun	oci	vague	noun	fra
Madona	properNoun	oci	Madona	properNoun	fra
Rainone	properNoun	oci	Rainone	properNoun	fra
Aubert	properNoun	oci	Aubert	properNoun	fra
Peral	properNoun	oci	Peral	properNoun	fra
Paolini	properNoun	oci	Paolini	properNoun	fra
explosiu	adjective	oci	explosif	adjective	fra
Xipell	properNoun	oci	Xipell	properNoun	fra
electric	adjective	oci	électrique	adjective	fra
Burguera	properNoun	oci	Burguera	properNoun	fra
sord	noun	oci	malentendant	noun	fra
sord	noun	oci	sourd	noun	fra
32n	adjective	oci	32ème	adjective	fra
Bompiani	properNoun	oci	Bompiani	properNoun	fra
Mayrand	properNoun	oci	Mayrand	properNoun	fra
meticulós	adjective	oci	méticuleux	adjective	fra
Dubeau	properNoun	oci	Dubeau	properNoun	fra
Wall Street	properNoun	oci	Wall Street	properNoun	fra
verinós	adjective	oci	venimeux	adjective	fra
verinós	adjective	oci	vénéneux	adjective	fra
ocultista	noun	oci	occultiste	noun	fra
assaut	noun	oci	assaut	noun	fra
exonerat	adjective	oci	exonéré	adjective	fra
Davignon	properNoun	oci	Davignon	properNoun	fra
escala	noun	oci	échelle	noun	fra
volam	noun	oci	faucille	noun	fra
biciclèta	noun	oci	bicyclette	noun	fra
Sigouin	properNoun	oci	Sigouin	properNoun	fra
Whitfield	properNoun	oci	Whitfield	properNoun	fra
predicatiu	adjective	oci	prédicatif	adjective	fra
Rivest	properNoun	oci	Rivest	properNoun	fra
interruptor	adjective	oci	interrupteur	adjective	fra
Latreille	properNoun	oci	Latreille	properNoun	fra
Hosni	properNoun	oci	Hosni	properNoun	fra
Magnano	properNoun	oci	Magnano	properNoun	fra
aleatòri	adjective	oci	aléatoire	adjective	fra
Reagan	properNoun	oci	Reagan	properNoun	fra
Cynthia	properNoun	oci	Cynthia	properNoun	fra
elevatge	noun	oci	élevage	noun	fra
trigonometric	adjective	oci	trigonométrique	adjective	fra
olisme	noun	oci	holisme	noun	fra
Kasten	properNoun	oci	Kasten	properNoun	fra
missa	noun	oci	messe	noun	fra
potencial	noun	oci	potentiel	noun	fra
Costafreda	properNoun	oci	Costafreda	properNoun	fra
Cosano	properNoun	oci	Cosano	properNoun	fra
Buades	properNoun	oci	Buades	properNoun	fra
boçar	verb	oci	boucher	verb	fra
clamor	noun	oci	clameur	noun	fra
Francesch	properNoun	oci	Francesch	properNoun	fra
Frêche	properNoun	oci	Frêche	properNoun	fra
bolimic	adjective	oci	boulimique	adjective	fra
lessiu	noun	oci	lessive	noun	fra
Jolette	properNoun	oci	Jolette	properNoun	fra
Rémi	properNoun	oci	Rémi	properNoun	fra
Colombo	properNoun	oci	Colombo	properNoun	fra
gendarma	noun	oci	gendarme	noun	fra
Métivier	properNoun	oci	Métivier	properNoun	fra
pèrdia	noun	oci	perte	noun	fra
minorizar	verb	oci	minoriser	verb	fra
conca	noun	oci	cuvette	noun	fra
quèir	verb	oci	tomber	verb	fra
quèir	verb	oci	choir	verb	fra
quèir	verb	oci	chuter	verb	fra
epatologia	noun	oci	hépatologie	noun	fra
combinacion	noun	oci	combinaison	noun	fra
VIH	noun	oci	VIH	noun	fra
Querry	properNoun	oci	Querry	properNoun	fra
aplanar	verb	oci	aplanir	verb	fra
Alejandro	properNoun	oci	Alejandro	properNoun	fra
consensuar	verb	oci	accorder	verb	fra
cordialament	adverb	oci	cordialement	adverb	fra
Deferre	properNoun	oci	Deferre	properNoun	fra
aver	noun	oci	avoir	noun	fra
Montpelhièr	properNoun	oci	Montpellier	properNoun	fra
pendul	noun	oci	pendule	noun	fra
calcinar	verb	oci	calciner	verb	fra
entreprendre	verb	oci	entreprendre	verb	fra
artic	adjective	oci	arctique	adjective	fra
Batman	properNoun	oci	Batman	properNoun	fra
buga	noun	oci	buée	noun	fra
estamina	noun	oci	étamine	noun	fra
Criscione	properNoun	oci	Criscione	properNoun	fra
fonetisme	noun	oci	phonétisme	noun	fra
Liber	properNoun	oci	Liber	properNoun	fra
situat	adjective	oci	situé	adjective	fra
espeluga	noun	oci	grotte	noun	fra
nebot	noun	oci	neveu	noun	fra
nebot	noun	oci	nièce	noun	fra
sintonizar	verb	oci	syntoniser	verb	fra
Portabella	properNoun	oci	Portabella	properNoun	fra
gramatica	noun	oci	grammaire	noun	fra
Adolphe	properNoun	oci	Adolphe	properNoun	fra
empara	noun	oci	protection	noun	fra
productor	adjective	oci	producteur	adjective	fra
Paulina	properNoun	oci	Paulina	properNoun	fra
Lamy	properNoun	oci	Lamy	properNoun	fra
Chénard	properNoun	oci	Chénard	properNoun	fra
circulatòri	adjective	oci	circulatoire	adjective	fra
OM	noun	oci	OM	noun	fra
perfèctament	adverb	oci	parfaitement	adverb	fra
imperatiu	noun	oci	impératif	noun	fra
ellipsa	noun	oci	ellipse	noun	fra
telematicament	adverb	oci	télématiquement	adverb	fra
Casademunt	properNoun	oci	Casademunt	properNoun	fra
enganada	noun	oci	tromperie	noun	fra
economicament	adverb	oci	économiquement	adverb	fra
Capella	properNoun	oci	Capella	properNoun	fra
Bricault	properNoun	oci	Bricault	properNoun	fra
aviditat	noun	oci	avidité	noun	fra
èlfe	noun	oci	elfe	noun	fra
republican	noun	oci	républicain	noun	fra
corb	adjective	oci	courbe	adjective	fra
blocat	adjective	oci	coincé	adjective	fra
Trieu	properNoun	oci	Trieu	properNoun	fra
traumatisme	noun	oci	traumatisme	noun	fra
dissuasion	noun	oci	dissuasion	noun	fra
del fach de	preposition	oci	du fait de	preposition	fra
Delphine	properNoun	oci	Delphine	properNoun	fra
budgèt	noun	oci	budget	noun	fra
cubic	adjective	oci	cubique	adjective	fra
cubic	adjective	oci	cube	adjective	fra
Liria	properNoun	oci	Liria	properNoun	fra
òr	noun	oci	or	noun	fra
Bagán	properNoun	oci	Bagán	properNoun	fra
Akhmed	properNoun	oci	Akhmed	properNoun	fra
montatge	noun	oci	montage	noun	fra
curatariá	noun	oci	tannerie	noun	fra
Amador	properNoun	oci	Amador	properNoun	fra
Ginette	properNoun	oci	Ginette	properNoun	fra
Cristia	properNoun	oci	Cristia	properNoun	fra
autenticitat	noun	oci	authenticité	noun	fra
O'Callaghan	properNoun	oci	O'Callaghan	properNoun	fra
remaire	noun	oci	rameur	noun	fra
Loeb	properNoun	oci	Loeb	properNoun	fra
barraca	noun	oci	baraque	noun	fra
argerian	noun	oci	Algérien	noun	fra
Vendèa	properNoun	oci	Vendée	properNoun	fra
assassin	adjective	oci	assassin	adjective	fra
assassin	adjective	oci	meurtrier	adjective	fra
Manent	properNoun	oci	Manent	properNoun	fra
Horton	properNoun	oci	Horton	properNoun	fra
suplir	verb	oci	suppléer	verb	fra
Yilmaz	properNoun	oci	Yilmaz	properNoun	fra
Toldrá	properNoun	oci	Toldrá	properNoun	fra
poce	noun	oci	pouce	noun	fra
Barrot	properNoun	oci	Barrot	properNoun	fra
rasa	noun	oci	douve	noun	fra
rasa	noun	oci	fossé	noun	fra
raumàs	noun	oci	rhume	noun	fra
manierós	adjective	oci	mièvre	adjective	fra
seten	noun	oci	septième	noun	fra
kosovar	adjective	oci	kosovar	adjective	fra
oceanografic	adjective	oci	océanographique	adjective	fra
Napash	properNoun	oci	Napash	properNoun	fra
oliva	adjective	oci	olive	adjective	fra
Caelles	properNoun	oci	Caelles	properNoun	fra
dimècres	noun	oci	mercredi	noun	fra
Espinoza	properNoun	oci	Espinoza	properNoun	fra
Rémillard	properNoun	oci	Rémillard	properNoun	fra
jardinièr	adjective	oci	jardinier	adjective	fra
arpia	noun	oci	harpie	noun	fra
domiciliar	verb	oci	domicilier	verb	fra
Kavanagh	properNoun	oci	Kavanagh	properNoun	fra
Manzanaro	properNoun	oci	Manzanaro	properNoun	fra
ambé	preposition	oci	avec	preposition	fra
enténer	verb	oci	écouter	verb	fra
enténer	verb	oci	entendre	verb	fra
Teijeiro	properNoun	oci	Teijeiro	properNoun	fra
pornografia	noun	oci	pornographie	noun	fra
per medi de	preposition	oci	par l'intermédiaire de	preposition	fra
Marcus	properNoun	oci	Marcus	properNoun	fra
Talleyrand-Périgord	properNoun	oci	Talleyrand-Périgord	properNoun	fra
muscat	noun	oci	muscat	noun	fra
Schwinger	properNoun	oci	Schwinger	properNoun	fra
Medem	properNoun	oci	Medem	properNoun	fra
lustre	noun	oci	lustre	noun	fra
descriure	verb	oci	décrire	verb	fra
descriure	verb	oci	retracer	verb	fra
grossir	verb	oci	grossir	verb	fra
influéncia	noun	oci	influence	noun	fra
Henares	properNoun	oci	Henares	properNoun	fra
Alphone	properNoun	oci	Alphonse	properNoun	fra
autogovèrn	noun	oci	self-government	noun	fra
medalhon	noun	oci	médaillon	noun	fra
Robert	properNoun	oci	Robert	properNoun	fra
Saura	properNoun	oci	Saura	properNoun	fra
Bogotà	properNoun	oci	Bogota	properNoun	fra
Brandt	properNoun	oci	Brandt	properNoun	fra
Maillette	properNoun	oci	Maillette	properNoun	fra
Rosenberg	properNoun	oci	Rosenberg	properNoun	fra
Simon de Montfòrt	properNoun	oci	Simon de Montfort	properNoun	fra
debat	noun	oci	débat	noun	fra
sord	adjective	oci	sourd	adjective	fra
sord	adjective	oci	malentendant	adjective	fra
Kremlin	properNoun	oci	Kremlin	properNoun	fra
Canadà	properNoun	oci	Canada	properNoun	fra
larvari	adjective	oci	larvaire	adjective	fra
nocturn	adjective	oci	nocturne	adjective	fra
Ruvira	properNoun	oci	Ruvira	properNoun	fra
Testa	properNoun	oci	Testa	properNoun	fra
Désir	properNoun	oci	Désir	properNoun	fra
Buckley	properNoun	oci	Buckley	properNoun	fra
nacionalizacion	noun	oci	nationalisation	noun	fra
filetic	adjective	oci	phylétique	adjective	fra
mairia	noun	oci	mairie	noun	fra
angelic	adjective	oci	angélique	adjective	fra
dendrocronologia	noun	oci	dendrochronologie	noun	fra
canal	noun	oci	canal	noun	fra
doçament	adverb	oci	doucement	adverb	fra
Estradé	properNoun	oci	Estradé	properNoun	fra
coronament	noun	oci	couronnement	noun	fra
Jolicoeur	properNoun	oci	Jolicoeur	properNoun	fra
Belzile	properNoun	oci	Belzile	properNoun	fra
Musté	properNoun	oci	Musté	properNoun	fra
Riffon	properNoun	oci	Riffon	properNoun	fra
Picard	properNoun	oci	Picard	properNoun	fra
Torrero	properNoun	oci	Torrero	properNoun	fra
insercion	noun	oci	insertion	noun	fra
Clemens	properNoun	oci	Clemens	properNoun	fra
Ochoa	properNoun	oci	Ochoa	properNoun	fra
caire	verb	oci	tomber	verb	fra
Lemaître	properNoun	oci	Lemaître	properNoun	fra
Codes	properNoun	oci	Codes	properNoun	fra
lausa	noun	oci	dalle	noun	fra
lausa	noun	oci	ardoise	noun	fra
Cañabate	properNoun	oci	Cañabate	properNoun	fra
aubèrga	noun	oci	alberge	noun	fra
desaparegut	adjective	oci	disparu	adjective	fra
suspresa	noun	oci	surprise	noun	fra
fasedor	noun	oci	faiseur	noun	fra
intens	adjective	oci	intense	adjective	fra
rabin	noun	oci	rabbin	noun	fra
genetician	noun	oci	généticien	noun	fra
melodrama	noun	oci	mélodrame	noun	fra
sosespécia	noun	oci	sous-espèce	noun	fra
permission	noun	oci	permission	noun	fra
cartografiar	verb	oci	cartographier	verb	fra
Pin	properNoun	oci	Pin	properNoun	fra
emocionat	adjective	oci	ému	adjective	fra
Unesco	noun	oci	Unesco	noun	fra
experimentacion	noun	oci	expérimentation	noun	fra
experimentacion	noun	oci	expérience	noun	fra
apasimar	verb	oci	apaiser	verb	fra
patria	noun	oci	patrie	noun	fra
seissanta uèch	numeral	oci	soixante-huit	numeral	fra
Ambrosio	properNoun	oci	Ambrosio	properNoun	fra
aisidament	adverb	oci	facilement	adverb	fra
aisidament	adverb	oci	aisément	adverb	fra
a justa rason	adverb	oci	à juste titre	adverb	fra
transversalament	adverb	oci	transversalement	adverb	fra
desnivelacion	noun	oci	dénivellation	noun	fra
canerada	noun	oci	tuyauterie	noun	fra
Aleixandre	properNoun	oci	Aleixandre	properNoun	fra
von Beulwitz	properNoun	oci	von Beulwitz	properNoun	fra
Mitjans	properNoun	oci	Mitjans	properNoun	fra
Ortego	properNoun	oci	Ortego	properNoun	fra
Petacchi	properNoun	oci	Petacchi	properNoun	fra
marmelada	noun	oci	confiture	noun	fra
Dior	properNoun	oci	Dior	properNoun	fra
abeurador	noun	oci	abrevoir	noun	fra
abeurador	noun	oci	abreuvoir	noun	fra
Gagliardi	properNoun	oci	Gagliardi	properNoun	fra
verai	adjective	oci	vrai	adjective	fra
internacionalizar	verb	oci	internationaliser	verb	fra
Albarracín	properNoun	oci	Albarracín	properNoun	fra
tsigan	adjective	oci	tsigane	adjective	fra
inseparable	adjective	oci	inséparable	adjective	fra
euristica	noun	oci	heuristique	noun	fra
enfeciment	noun	oci	infection	noun	fra
Dor	properNoun	oci	Dor	properNoun	fra
calamitat	noun	oci	calamité	noun	fra
porositat	noun	oci	porosité	noun	fra
atribuir	verb	oci	allouer	verb	fra
atribuir	verb	oci	attribuer	verb	fra
hugir	verb	oci	fuir	verb	fra
Garfield	properNoun	oci	Garfield	properNoun	fra
Vivian	properNoun	oci	Vivian	properNoun	fra
entrada	noun	oci	entrée	noun	fra
confòrmament a	preposition	oci	conformément à	preposition	fra
d'ora	adverb	oci	tôt	adverb	fra
plebiscitari	adjective	oci	plébiscitaire	adjective	fra
suenh	noun	oci	soin	noun	fra
Gottardo	properNoun	oci	Gottardo	properNoun	fra
XXIV	numeral	oci	XXIVe	adjective	fra
XXIV	numeral	oci	XXIVème	adjective	fra
imperialisme	noun	oci	impérialisme	noun	fra
transposicion	noun	oci	transposition	noun	fra
Janson	properNoun	oci	Janson	properNoun	fra
sudor	noun	oci	sueur	noun	fra
abnegacion	noun	oci	dévouement	noun	fra
abnegacion	noun	oci	abnégation	noun	fra
napolitan	noun	oci	napolitain	noun	fra
fisica	noun	oci	physique	noun	fra
Espargaró	properNoun	oci	Espargaró	properNoun	fra
costipat	noun	oci	rhume	noun	fra
X box One	properNoun	oci	Xbox One	properNoun	fra
universitari	adjective	oci	universitaire	adjective	fra
ganhaire	noun	oci	gagnant	noun	fra
Tauler	properNoun	oci	Tauler	properNoun	fra
topic	adjective	oci	topique	adjective	fra
Jefferson	properNoun	oci	Jefferson	properNoun	fra
obtencion	noun	oci	obtention	noun	fra
Blackned	properNoun	oci	Blackned	properNoun	fra
iogort	noun	oci	yoghourt	noun	fra
iranjada	noun	oci	oronge	noun	fra
Hayeur	properNoun	oci	Hayeur	properNoun	fra
Surroca	properNoun	oci	Surroca	properNoun	fra
lòsa	noun	oci	dalle	noun	fra
lòsa	noun	oci	limon	noun	fra
Cardinaux	properNoun	oci	Cardinaux	properNoun	fra
zèro	numeral	oci	zéro	numeral	fra
avenguda	noun	oci	avenue	noun	fra
praubesa	noun	oci	pauvreté	noun	fra
Jonathan	properNoun	oci	Jonathan	properNoun	fra
Wilkie	properNoun	oci	Wilkie	properNoun	fra
farinós	adjective	oci	farineux	adjective	fra
aval	noun	oci	aval	noun	fra
velar	verb	oci	voiler	verb	fra
Weiss	properNoun	oci	Weiss	properNoun	fra
Marmen	properNoun	oci	Marmen	properNoun	fra
amor	noun	oci	amour	noun	fra
discutible	adjective	oci	discutable	adjective	fra
Yale	properNoun	oci	Yale	properNoun	fra
Tavera	properNoun	oci	Tavera	properNoun	fra
admiracion	noun	oci	admiration	noun	fra
Fábregas	properNoun	oci	Fábregas	properNoun	fra
Bernardó	properNoun	oci	Bernardó	properNoun	fra
agaric	noun	oci	agaric	noun	fra
Navarrete	properNoun	oci	Navarrete	properNoun	fra
barrament	noun	oci	fermeture	noun	fra
cansar	verb	oci	fatiguer	verb	fra
Córdova	properNoun	oci	Córdova	properNoun	fra
Rosales	properNoun	oci	Rosales	properNoun	fra
ahiscar	verb	oci	exciter	verb	fra
ahiscar	verb	oci	encourager	verb	fra
ahiscar	verb	oci	animer	verb	fra
Ebert	properNoun	oci	Ebert	properNoun	fra
Heston	properNoun	oci	Heston	properNoun	fra
pesquèr	noun	oci	avoir	noun	fra
pesquèr	noun	oci	dépôt	noun	fra
arbre	noun	oci	arbre	noun	fra
Holgado	properNoun	oci	Holgado	properNoun	fra
escalar	adjective	oci	scalaire	adjective	fra
distraccion	noun	oci	distraction	noun	fra
distraccion	noun	oci	étourderie	noun	fra
encantat	adjective	oci	enchanté	adjective	fra
identificator	adjective	oci	identificateur	adjective	fra
Beausoleil	properNoun	oci	Beausoleil	properNoun	fra
padena	noun	oci	poêle	noun	fra
regropament	noun	oci	regroupement	noun	fra
levaire	noun	oci	accoucheur	noun	fra
botulic	adjective	oci	botulique	adjective	fra
Flatiron	properNoun	oci	Flatiron	properNoun	fra
Bordèu	properNoun	oci	Bordeaux	properNoun	fra
acuelhement	noun	oci	accueil	noun	fra
Mòsa	properNoun	oci	Meuse	properNoun	fra
soslinhar	verb	oci	souligner	verb	fra
soslinhar	verb	oci	signaler	verb	fra
soslinhar	verb	oci	flécher	verb	fra
Araya	properNoun	oci	Araya	properNoun	fra
versant	noun	oci	versant	noun	fra
traçar	verb	oci	tracer	verb	fra
tunica	noun	oci	tunique	noun	fra
policia	noun	oci	police	noun	fra
carbur	noun	oci	carbure	noun	fra
mandament	noun	oci	mandat	noun	fra
reversion	noun	oci	réversion	noun	fra
intencion	noun	oci	intention	noun	fra
fins uèi	subordinatingConjunction	oci	jusqu'à aujourd'hui	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Ribé	properNoun	oci	Ribé	properNoun	fra
Urgellés	properNoun	oci	Urgellés	properNoun	fra
dètz	numeral	oci	dix	numeral	fra
coordenada	noun	oci	coordonnée	noun	fra
Vilas	properNoun	oci	Vilas	properNoun	fra
paragraf	noun	oci	paragraphe	noun	fra
Baldé	properNoun	oci	Baldé	properNoun	fra
Guanish	properNoun	oci	Guanish	properNoun	fra
Cachan	properNoun	oci	Cachan	properNoun	fra
astronomia	noun	oci	astronomie	noun	fra
Martinez	properNoun	oci	Martinez	properNoun	fra
magre	noun	oci	maigre	noun	fra
predíder	verb	oci	prédire	verb	fra
Garí	properNoun	oci	Garí	properNoun	fra
Gloria	properNoun	oci	Gloria	properNoun	fra
demont de	preposition	oci	sur	preposition	fra
ROM	noun	oci	ROM	noun	fra
agronomic	adjective	oci	agronomique	adjective	fra
colombian	adjective	oci	colombien	adjective	fra
Liang	properNoun	oci	Liang	properNoun	fra
faissista	noun	oci	fasciste	noun	fra
respondre	verb	oci	répondre	verb	fra
numerizat	adjective	oci	numérisé	adjective	fra
polinesian	noun	oci	Polynésien	noun	fra
convidat	noun	oci	invité	noun	fra
convidat	noun	oci	convive	noun	fra
Matteo	properNoun	oci	Matteo	properNoun	fra
inversemblança	noun	oci	invraisemblance	noun	fra
burèl	adjective	oci	beige	adjective	fra
ongan	adverb	oci	cette année	adverb	fra
soplesa	noun	oci	souplesse	noun	fra
Luengo	properNoun	oci	Luengo	properNoun	fra
Cipres	properNoun	oci	Cipres	properNoun	fra
gasòli	noun	oci	gasoil	noun	fra
Edge	properNoun	oci	Edge	properNoun	fra
torreta	noun	oci	tourelle	noun	fra
Vlaams Blok	properNoun	oci	Vlaams Blok	properNoun	fra
nau	adjective	oci	nouveau	adjective	fra
Brandy	properNoun	oci	Brandy	properNoun	fra
Comandatore	properNoun	oci	Comandatore	properNoun	fra
Varese	properNoun	oci	Varese	properNoun	fra
Colisèu	properNoun	oci	Colisée	properNoun	fra
Bellón	properNoun	oci	Bellón	properNoun	fra
bauma	noun	oci	grotte	noun	fra
bauma	noun	oci	baume	noun	fra
Halperin	properNoun	oci	Halperin	properNoun	fra
termosalin	adjective	oci	thermohalin	adjective	fra
pauc après	preposition	oci	peu après	preposition	fra
Virginia	properNoun	oci	Virginia	properNoun	fra
Virginia	properNoun	oci	Virginie	properNoun	fra
Desparois	properNoun	oci	Desparois	properNoun	fra
Saez	properNoun	oci	Saez	properNoun	fra
fluorescent	adjective	oci	fluorescent	adjective	fra
iacut	adjective	oci	yakoute	adjective	fra
iacut	adjective	oci	iakoute	adjective	fra
XI	numeral	oci	XIe	adjective	fra
XI	numeral	oci	XIème	adjective	fra
XI	numeral	oci	XI	numeral	fra
susvelhança	noun	oci	surveillance	noun	fra
inibitor	noun	oci	inhibiteur	noun	fra
balança	noun	oci	balance	noun	fra
balança	noun	oci	truble	noun	fra
Rommel	properNoun	oci	Rommel	properNoun	fra
complicat	adjective	oci	compliqué	adjective	fra
testarditge	noun	oci	entêtement	noun	fra
Mas y Abad	properNoun	oci	Mas y Abad	properNoun	fra
relha	noun	oci	soc	noun	fra
Ariño	properNoun	oci	Ariño	properNoun	fra
Dire	properNoun	oci	Dire	properNoun	fra
Vasta	properNoun	oci	Vasta	properNoun	fra
ueitanta tres	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-trois	numeral	fra
desfilar	verb	oci	parader	verb	fra
desfilar	verb	oci	défiler	verb	fra
Montagut	properNoun	oci	Montagut	properNoun	fra
Indiano	properNoun	oci	Indiano	properNoun	fra
Chenin	properNoun	oci	Chenin	properNoun	fra
Desiré	properNoun	oci	Desiré	properNoun	fra
Arques	properNoun	oci	Arques	properNoun	fra
naturalament	adverb	oci	naturellement	adverb	fra
Delacruz	properNoun	oci	Delacruz	properNoun	fra
Thouin	properNoun	oci	Thouin	properNoun	fra
beresa	noun	oci	beauté	noun	fra
Crépin	properNoun	oci	Crépin	properNoun	fra
Giuliana	properNoun	oci	Giuliana	properNoun	fra
suedés	noun	oci	suédois	noun	fra
orguèlh	noun	oci	orgueil	noun	fra
engatjar	verb	oci	engager	verb	fra
inabilitacion	noun	oci	inhabilitation	noun	fra
glife	noun	oci	glyphe	noun	fra
director	noun	oci	directeur	noun	fra
Antilhas	properNoun	oci	Antilles	properNoun	fra
Victorine	properNoun	oci	Victorine	properNoun	fra
Deiana	properNoun	oci	Deiana	properNoun	fra
del Olmo	properNoun	oci	del Olmo	properNoun	fra
capitalista	noun	oci	capitaliste	noun	fra
ben	noun	oci	bien	noun	fra
abans	preposition	oci	avant	preposition	fra
desnosar	verb	oci	dénouer	verb	fra
dissolucion	noun	oci	dissolution	noun	fra
Caterina	properNoun	oci	Caterina	properNoun	fra
canonizacion	noun	oci	canonisation	noun	fra
Comín	properNoun	oci	Comín	properNoun	fra
madurason	noun	oci	maturation	noun	fra
Alvaro	properNoun	oci	Alvaro	properNoun	fra
Nièvre	properNoun	oci	Nièvre	properNoun	fra
clicar	verb	oci	cliquer	verb	fra
Taillac	properNoun	oci	Taillac	properNoun	fra
Mateu	properNoun	oci	Mateu	properNoun	fra
trivialament	adverb	oci	trivialement	adverb	fra
Li	properNoun	oci	Li	properNoun	fra
agulha	noun	oci	saphir	noun	fra
agulha	noun	oci	aiguille	noun	fra
Barrymore	properNoun	oci	Barrymore	properNoun	fra
coreografia	noun	oci	chorégraphie	noun	fra
Aznavour	properNoun	oci	Aznavour	properNoun	fra
Locas	properNoun	oci	Locas	properNoun	fra
talisman	noun	oci	talisman	noun	fra
Macip	properNoun	oci	Macip	properNoun	fra
collaborador	noun	oci	collaborateur	noun	fra
persecutar	verb	oci	persécuter	verb	fra
Caroline	properNoun	oci	Caroline	properNoun	fra
Katz	properNoun	oci	Katz	properNoun	fra
Arregi	properNoun	oci	Arregi	properNoun	fra
mecatronica	noun	oci	mécatronique	noun	fra
Marchetti	properNoun	oci	Marchetti	properNoun	fra
Boonen	properNoun	oci	Boonen	properNoun	fra
da Vinci	properNoun	oci	da Vinci	properNoun	fra
decebedor	adjective	oci	décevant	adjective	fra
vertèx	noun	oci	vertex	noun	fra
vertèx	noun	oci	sinciput	noun	fra
Lejour	properNoun	oci	Lejour	properNoun	fra
You	properNoun	oci	You	properNoun	fra
Prézeau	properNoun	oci	Prézeau	properNoun	fra
Lechasseur	properNoun	oci	Lechasseur	properNoun	fra
rivalitat	noun	oci	rivalité	noun	fra
Albentosa	properNoun	oci	Albentosa	properNoun	fra
Vinokurov	properNoun	oci	Vinokourov	properNoun	fra
falangista	noun	oci	phalangiste	noun	fra
Licursi	properNoun	oci	Licursi	properNoun	fra
Colmar	properNoun	oci	Colmar	properNoun	fra
Lemosin	properNoun	oci	Limousin	properNoun	fra
usatgièr	noun	oci	usager	noun	fra
esbòç	noun	oci	linéament	noun	fra
segle	noun	oci	siècle	noun	fra
segle	noun	oci	seigle	noun	fra
observable	adjective	oci	observable	adjective	fra
musicalament	adverb	oci	musicalement	adverb	fra
comparéisher	verb	oci	comparaître	verb	fra
predeterminacion	noun	oci	prédétermination	noun	fra
Fong	properNoun	oci	Fong	properNoun	fra
bateg	noun	oci	baptême	noun	fra
Tyler	properNoun	oci	Tyler	properNoun	fra
Garre	properNoun	oci	Garre	properNoun	fra
Dzerjinski	properNoun	oci	Dzerjinski	properNoun	fra
Napartuk	properNoun	oci	Napartuk	properNoun	fra
flexor	noun	oci	fléchisseur	noun	fra
papet	noun	oci	grand-père	noun	fra
Falcón	properNoun	oci	Falcón	properNoun	fra
erosiu	adjective	oci	érosif	adjective	fra
von Sonnleitner	properNoun	oci	von Sonnleitner	properNoun	fra
crebat	adjective	oci	crevé	adjective	fra
sensibilizacion	noun	oci	sensibilisation	noun	fra
Condal	properNoun	oci	Condal	properNoun	fra
grossista	noun	oci	grossiste	noun	fra
Bachiller	properNoun	oci	Bachiller	properNoun	fra
convenablament	adverb	oci	convenablement	adverb	fra
paternalisme	noun	oci	paternalisme	noun	fra
Cécyre	properNoun	oci	Cécyre	properNoun	fra
Coello	properNoun	oci	Coello	properNoun	fra
Zelda	properNoun	oci	Zelda	properNoun	fra
malgrat que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	malgré que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
malgrat que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	bien que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Abric	properNoun	oci	Abric	properNoun	fra
Terán	properNoun	oci	Terán	properNoun	fra
capelaniá	noun	oci	presbytère	noun	fra
fenestron	noun	oci	guichet	noun	fra
ambit	noun	oci	cadre	noun	fra
additiu	adjective	oci	additif	adjective	fra
Tejada	properNoun	oci	Tejada	properNoun	fra
Bariteau	properNoun	oci	Bariteau	properNoun	fra
contradiccion	noun	oci	contradiction	noun	fra
da Silva	properNoun	oci	da Silva	properNoun	fra
palpable	adjective	oci	palpable	adjective	fra
usina	noun	oci	usine	noun	fra
hita	noun	oci	borne	noun	fra
estòma	noun	oci	stomate	noun	fra
reüssida	noun	oci	réussite	noun	fra
McCutcheon	properNoun	oci	McCutcheon	properNoun	fra
cepon	noun	oci	pilier	noun	fra
Asimov	properNoun	oci	Asimov	properNoun	fra
Ramón	properNoun	oci	Ramón	properNoun	fra
Marcella	properNoun	oci	Marcella	properNoun	fra
cinquanta uèch	numeral	oci	cinquante-huit	numeral	fra
astenitic	adjective	oci	austénitique	adjective	fra
ondulacion	noun	oci	ondulation	noun	fra
Català	properNoun	oci	Català	properNoun	fra
anticancerós	adjective	oci	anticancéreux	adjective	fra
Tròias	properNoun	oci	Troyes	properNoun	fra
von Falkenstein	properNoun	oci	von Falkenstein	properNoun	fra
apròchi	noun	oci	approche	noun	fra
Burjassot	properNoun	oci	Burjassot	properNoun	fra
Ratté	properNoun	oci	Ratté	properNoun	fra
Santoro	properNoun	oci	Santoro	properNoun	fra
Tat	properNoun	oci	Tat	properNoun	fra
Esquerda	properNoun	oci	Esquerda	properNoun	fra
Miami	properNoun	oci	Miami	properNoun	fra
Pineda	properNoun	oci	Pineda	properNoun	fra
renonciar	verb	oci	renoncer	verb	fra
renonciar	verb	oci	départir	verb	fra
contrabassa	noun	oci	contrebasse	noun	fra
separable	adjective	oci	séparable	adjective	fra
ispanic	noun	oci	hispanique	noun	fra
Azuar	properNoun	oci	Azuar	properNoun	fra
Flanagan	properNoun	oci	Flanagan	properNoun	fra
medeish	adjective	oci	même	adjective	fra
iperemotiu	adjective	oci	hyperémotif	adjective	fra
basilica	noun	oci	basilique	noun	fra
damatge	noun	oci	dommage	noun	fra
gravetat	noun	oci	gravité	noun	fra
parallèla	noun	oci	parallèle	noun	fra
aigalós	adjective	oci	aqueux	adjective	fra
recitar	verb	oci	réciter	verb	fra
forra-borra	adverb	oci	pêle-mêle	adverb	fra
complasent	adjective	oci	complaisant	adjective	fra
complasent	adjective	oci	accommodant	adjective	fra
Internet	properNoun	oci	Internet	properNoun	fra
Montfòrt	properNoun	oci	Monfort	properNoun	fra
analècta	noun	oci	analecte	noun	fra
centralista	noun	oci	centraliste	noun	fra
Rodríguez	properNoun	oci	Rodríguez	properNoun	fra
Nordfalk	properNoun	oci	Nordfalk	properNoun	fra
porcèl	noun	oci	porcelet	noun	fra
creis	noun	oci	croissance	noun	fra
creis	noun	oci	crue	noun	fra
valat	noun	oci	fossé	noun	fra
contingent	adjective	oci	contingent	adjective	fra
objectiu	noun	oci	but	noun	fra
objectiu	noun	oci	objectif	noun	fra
Almodóvar	properNoun	oci	Almodóvar	properNoun	fra
Sotheby's	properNoun	oci	Sotheby's	properNoun	fra
Mayville	properNoun	oci	Mayville	properNoun	fra
abeurar	verb	oci	abreuver	verb	fra
centralizar	verb	oci	centraliser	verb	fra
Severiano	properNoun	oci	Severiano	properNoun	fra
deslotjar	verb	oci	déloger	verb	fra
deslotjar	verb	oci	évacuer	verb	fra
Jardin	properNoun	oci	Jardin	properNoun	fra
oracle	noun	oci	oracle	noun	fra
accionariat	noun	oci	actionnariat	noun	fra
assemblatge	noun	oci	assemblage	noun	fra
giroflada	noun	oci	œillet	noun	fra
Beaubien	properNoun	oci	Beaubien	properNoun	fra
incomòde	adjective	oci	incommode	adjective	fra
Felix	properNoun	oci	Felix	properNoun	fra
punitiu	adjective	oci	punitif	adjective	fra
resultat	noun	oci	résultat	noun	fra
resultat	noun	oci	solde	noun	fra
resultat	noun	oci	score	noun	fra
totun	subordinatingConjunction	oci	cependant	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Trilla	properNoun	oci	Trilla	properNoun	fra
quimioterapia	noun	oci	chimiothérapie	noun	fra
nòva	noun	oci	nouvelle	noun	fra
nòva	noun	oci	nova	noun	fra
nòva	noun	oci	dépêche	noun	fra
Arvelo	properNoun	oci	Arvelo	properNoun	fra
ochanta nòu	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-neuf	numeral	fra
rustic	adjective	oci	rustique	adjective	fra
adrech	noun	oci	adret	noun	fra
consignar	verb	oci	consigner	verb	fra
Aloy	properNoun	oci	Aloy	properNoun	fra
paga	noun	oci	paie	noun	fra
Weightman	properNoun	oci	Weightman	properNoun	fra
sèire	verb	oci	asseoir	verb	fra
biliar	adjective	oci	biliaire	adjective	fra
romanizar	verb	oci	romaniser	verb	fra
ibridacion	noun	oci	hybridation	noun	fra
Kenny	properNoun	oci	Kenny	properNoun	fra
tremuèja	noun	oci	trémie	noun	fra
bornat	noun	oci	ruche	noun	fra
divertiment	noun	oci	divertissement	noun	fra
divertiment	noun	oci	distraction	noun	fra
divertiment	noun	oci	distraccion	noun	fra
solaçar	verb	oci	soulager	verb	fra
Lebon	properNoun	oci	Lebon	properNoun	fra
cosmologia	noun	oci	cosmologie	noun	fra
Groenlàndia	properNoun	oci	Groenland	properNoun	fra
navegador	noun	oci	navigateur	noun	fra
confederat	adjective	oci	conféré	adjective	fra
Vergel	properNoun	oci	Vergel	properNoun	fra
teoria	noun	oci	théorie	noun	fra
von Gaudententhurn	properNoun	oci	von Gaudententhurn	properNoun	fra
Cox	properNoun	oci	Cox	properNoun	fra
tal	adverb	oci	tel	adverb	fra
quichar	verb	oci	serrer	verb	fra
alara	subordinatingConjunction	oci	alors	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Melillo	properNoun	oci	Melillo	properNoun	fra
Sentana	properNoun	oci	Sentana	properNoun	fra
revelador	adjective	oci	révélateur	adjective	fra
Lapònia	properNoun	oci	Laponie	properNoun	fra
impensable	adjective	oci	impensable	adjective	fra
Tarquini	properNoun	oci	Tarquini	properNoun	fra
estatutàriament	adverb	oci	statutairement	adverb	fra
opausat	adjective	oci	opposé	adjective	fra
obediéncia	noun	oci	obédience	noun	fra
nose	noun	oci	noix	noun	fra
arturian	adjective	oci	arthurien	adjective	fra
estofar	verb	oci	étouffer	verb	fra
enter	preposition	oci	parmi	preposition	fra
enter	preposition	oci	entre	preposition	fra
Rojano	properNoun	oci	Rojano	properNoun	fra
poténcia	noun	oci	puissance	noun	fra
planta	noun	oci	plante	noun	fra
planta	noun	oci	plainte	noun	fra
Jacinto	properNoun	oci	Jacinto	properNoun	fra
Scully	properNoun	oci	Scully	properNoun	fra
Iria	properNoun	oci	Iria	properNoun	fra
reproductiu	adjective	oci	reproductif	adjective	fra
conservacion	noun	oci	conservation	noun	fra
verificat	adjective	oci	vérifié	adjective	fra
dins lo cas que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	au cas où	subordinatingConjunction	fra
vitalici	adjective	oci	viager	adjective	fra
jusieu	adjective	oci	juif	adjective	fra
dictar	verb	oci	dicter	verb	fra
Monserrate	properNoun	oci	Monserrate	properNoun	fra
fruchièr	noun	oci	fruitier	noun	fra
Perdices	properNoun	oci	Perdices	properNoun	fra
Elvire	properNoun	oci	Elvire	properNoun	fra
extension	noun	oci	étendue	noun	fra
extension	noun	oci	extension	noun	fra
Tamarid	properNoun	oci	Tamarid	properNoun	fra
divinament	adverb	oci	divinement	adverb	fra
Brabant	properNoun	oci	Brabant	properNoun	fra
daga	noun	oci	dague	noun	fra
Pala	properNoun	oci	Pala	properNoun	fra
Procter	properNoun	oci	Procter	properNoun	fra
aorista	noun	oci	aoriste	noun	fra
electrodinamic	adjective	oci	électrodynamique	adjective	fra
Seers	properNoun	oci	Seers	properNoun	fra
Juanola	properNoun	oci	Juanola	properNoun	fra
Pitts	properNoun	oci	Pitts	properNoun	fra
republicanisme	noun	oci	républicanisme	noun	fra
Falip	properNoun	oci	Falip	properNoun	fra
distinguit	adjective	oci	distingué	adjective	fra
nomadisme	noun	oci	nomadisme	noun	fra
Hortense	properNoun	oci	Hortense	properNoun	fra
cursor	noun	oci	curseur	noun	fra
Matos	properNoun	oci	Matos	properNoun	fra
Figueredo	properNoun	oci	Figueredo	properNoun	fra
lag	noun	oci	laid	noun	fra
Taddeo	properNoun	oci	Taddeo	properNoun	fra
presidir	verb	oci	présider	verb	fra
estilizacion	noun	oci	stylisation	noun	fra
liurason	noun	oci	livraison	noun	fra
agricultura	noun	oci	agriculture	noun	fra
Magrané	properNoun	oci	Magrané	properNoun	fra
Benages	properNoun	oci	Benages	properNoun	fra
marquesian	adjective	oci	marquisien	adjective	fra
Etok	properNoun	oci	Etok	properNoun	fra
anticomunista	noun	oci	anticommuniste	noun	fra
Alexandra	properNoun	oci	Alexandra	properNoun	fra
acarar	verb	oci	confronter	verb	fra
Kipling	properNoun	oci	Kipling	properNoun	fra
pseudosciéncia	noun	oci	pseudo-science	noun	fra
Ona	properNoun	oci	Ona	properNoun	fra
von Braun	properNoun	oci	von Braun	properNoun	fra
mammalian	adjective	oci	mammalien	adjective	fra
Haeckel	properNoun	oci	Haeckel	properNoun	fra
Dandeneault	properNoun	oci	Dandeneault	properNoun	fra
escanar	verb	oci	étrangler	verb	fra
Fanel	properNoun	oci	Fanel	properNoun	fra
franquir	verb	oci	franchir	verb	fra
Iribarne	properNoun	oci	Iribarne	properNoun	fra
Cáceres	properNoun	oci	Cáceres	properNoun	fra
Ricardo	properNoun	oci	Ricardo	properNoun	fra
Sau	properNoun	oci	Sau	properNoun	fra
Flores	properNoun	oci	Flores	properNoun	fra
Rotondo	properNoun	oci	Rotondo	properNoun	fra
sedon	noun	oci	collet	noun	fra
sedon	noun	oci	lacet	noun	fra
bangladeshi	adjective	oci	bangladais	adjective	fra
subrevolar	verb	oci	survoler	verb	fra
gabinet	noun	oci	bureau	noun	fra
gabinet	noun	oci	cabinet	noun	fra
Anfós	properNoun	oci	Anfós	properNoun	fra
Anfós	properNoun	oci	Alphonse	properNoun	fra
Fontes	properNoun	oci	Fontes	properNoun	fra
ionizable	adjective	oci	ionisable	adjective	fra
Trastamare	properNoun	oci	Trastamare	properNoun	fra
Bolos	properNoun	oci	Bolos	properNoun	fra
reparar	verb	oci	réparer	verb	fra
arabic	adjective	oci	arabique	adjective	fra
Llado	properNoun	oci	Llado	properNoun	fra
vesitar	verb	oci	rendre visite	verb	fra
vesitar	verb	oci	visiter	verb	fra
Séraphin	properNoun	oci	Séraphin	properNoun	fra
Agripina	properNoun	oci	Agrippine	properNoun	fra
Agripina	properNoun	oci	Agripina	properNoun	fra
espaci	noun	oci	espace	noun	fra
Monteiro	properNoun	oci	Monteiro	properNoun	fra
Cenoz	properNoun	oci	Cenoz	properNoun	fra
quand	subordinatingConjunction	oci	quand	subordinatingConjunction	fra
quand	subordinatingConjunction	oci	lorsque	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Galvé	properNoun	oci	Galvé	properNoun	fra
inquietud	noun	oci	inquiétude	noun	fra
collar	noun	oci	collier	noun	fra
amistat	noun	oci	amitié	noun	fra
Chipre	properNoun	oci	Chypre	properNoun	fra
Hodge	properNoun	oci	Hodge	properNoun	fra
Hachem	properNoun	oci	Hachem	properNoun	fra
cubisme	noun	oci	cubisme	noun	fra
raprochament	noun	oci	rapprochement	noun	fra
animar	verb	oci	animer	verb	fra
animar	verb	oci	encourager	verb	fra
mesopotamian	adjective	oci	mésopotamien	adjective	fra
Millà	properNoun	oci	Millà	properNoun	fra
Canas	properNoun	oci	Cannes	properNoun	fra
Canas	properNoun	oci	Canas	properNoun	fra
picar	verb	oci	hacher	verb	fra
picar	verb	oci	taper	verb	fra
picar	verb	oci	tomber sur	verb	fra
telerealitat	noun	oci	téléréalité	noun	fra
desagradable	adjective	oci	désagréable	adjective	fra
ranquejar	verb	oci	boiter	verb	fra
Chalhoub	properNoun	oci	Chalhoub	properNoun	fra
artriti	noun	oci	arthrite	noun	fra
de la Peña	properNoun	oci	de la Peña	properNoun	fra
blocar	verb	oci	verrouiller	verb	fra
blocar	verb	oci	bloquer	verb	fra
Léonie	properNoun	oci	Léonie	properNoun	fra
Mirarchi	properNoun	oci	Mirarchi	properNoun	fra
vimenièr	noun	oci	oseraie	noun	fra
estagiari	noun	oci	stagiaire	noun	fra
Camara	properNoun	oci	Camara	properNoun	fra
mocós	adjective	oci	morveux	adjective	fra
arenc	noun	oci	hareng	noun	fra
Skye	properNoun	oci	Skye	properNoun	fra
Palos	properNoun	oci	Palos	properNoun	fra
addenda	noun	oci	addenda	noun	fra
data	noun	oci	date	noun	fra
evolucionar	verb	oci	évoluer	verb	fra
Simarró	properNoun	oci	Simarró	properNoun	fra
Rouleau	properNoun	oci	Rouleau	properNoun	fra
Triola	properNoun	oci	Triola	properNoun	fra
deluns	noun	oci	lundi	noun	fra
patir	verb	oci	subir	verb	fra
patir	verb	oci	galérer	verb	fra
patir	verb	oci	pâtir	verb	fra
von Krieghammer	properNoun	oci	von Krieghammer	properNoun	fra
von Gredler	properNoun	oci	von Gredler	properNoun	fra
rudimentari	adjective	oci	rudimentaire	adjective	fra
castanheda	noun	oci	châtaigneraie	noun	fra
permutar	verb	oci	permuter	verb	fra
jaula	noun	oci	geôle	noun	fra
Artigues	properNoun	oci	Artigues	properNoun	fra
planeta	noun	oci	planète	noun	fra
numerotacion	noun	oci	numérotation	noun	fra
Gea	properNoun	oci	Gea	properNoun	fra
onestetat	noun	oci	bienséance	noun	fra
Camats	properNoun	oci	Camats	properNoun	fra
contracepcion	noun	oci	contraception	noun	fra
pomada	noun	oci	pommade	noun	fra
Caulín	properNoun	oci	Caulín	properNoun	fra
Alyssa	properNoun	oci	Alyssa	properNoun	fra
inexisténcia	noun	oci	inexistence	noun	fra
ploma	noun	oci	plume	noun	fra
costejar	verb	oci	côtoyer	verb	fra
ga	noun	oci	gué	noun	fra
cornamusa	noun	oci	cornemuse	noun	fra
experimentalament	adverb	oci	expérimentalement	adverb	fra
Doug	properNoun	oci	Doug	properNoun	fra
a cargue de	preposition	oci	chargé de	preposition	fra
Dana	properNoun	oci	Dana	properNoun	fra
senèstre	adjective	oci	gauche	adjective	fra
corresponent	adjective	oci	correspondant	adjective	fra
van der Waals	properNoun	oci	van der Waals	properNoun	fra
cosmetologia	noun	oci	cosmétologie	noun	fra
antigèn	noun	oci	antigène	noun	fra
Espriu	properNoun	oci	Espriu	properNoun	fra
Sampedro	properNoun	oci	Sampedro	properNoun	fra
Perreault	properNoun	oci	Perreault	properNoun	fra
Harbec	properNoun	oci	Harbec	properNoun	fra
Queen	properNoun	oci	Queen	properNoun	fra
Otín	properNoun	oci	Otín	properNoun	fra
Rennes	properNoun	oci	Rennes	properNoun	fra
Parkinson	properNoun	oci	Parkinson	properNoun	fra
respècte a	preposition	oci	par rapport à	preposition	fra
sofisticat	adjective	oci	sophistiqué	adjective	fra
vòstre	determiner	oci	votre	determiner	fra
vòstre	determiner	oci	votre	possessivePronoun	fra
vòstre	possessivePronoun	oci	votre	determiner	fra
vòstre	possessivePronoun	oci	votre	possessivePronoun	fra
crebar	verb	oci	exploiter	verb	fra
crebar	verb	oci	crever	verb	fra
crebar	verb	oci	exploser	verb	fra
Lacambra	properNoun	oci	Lacambra	properNoun	fra
amaror	noun	oci	amertume	noun	fra
indústria	noun	oci	industrie	noun	fra
vedèl	noun	oci	veau	noun	fra
empénher	verb	oci	pousser	verb	fra
Farriol	properNoun	oci	Farriol	properNoun	fra
bracar	verb	oci	partir	verb	fra
Cava	properNoun	oci	Cava	properNoun	fra
ecosistèma	noun	oci	écosystème	noun	fra
GATT	noun	oci	GATT	noun	fra
Llagües	properNoun	oci	Llagües	properNoun	fra
atropament	noun	oci	attroupement	noun	fra
polifiletic	adjective	oci	polyphylétique	adjective	fra
liga	noun	oci	ligue	noun	fra
Lleixa	properNoun	oci	Lleixa	properNoun	fra
guatemaltèc	adjective	oci	guatémaltèque	adjective	fra
Françoise	properNoun	oci	Françoise	properNoun	fra
gaudiment	noun	oci	plaisir	noun	fra
comercializacion	noun	oci	commercialisation	noun	fra
61n	adjective	oci	61ème	adjective	fra
embraçar	verb	oci	embrasser	verb	fra
Charlot	properNoun	oci	Charlot	properNoun	fra
haician	noun	oci	Haïtien	noun	fra
proporcionar	verb	oci	fournir	verb	fra
reconsiderar	verb	oci	reconsidérer	verb	fra
Santiveri	properNoun	oci	Santiveri	properNoun	fra
Levine	properNoun	oci	Levine	properNoun	fra
Carrière	properNoun	oci	Carrière	properNoun	fra
graminèa	noun	oci	graminée	noun	fra
Meehan	properNoun	oci	Meehan	properNoun	fra
Sureda	properNoun	oci	Sureda	properNoun	fra
esquipa	noun	oci	équipe	noun	fra
voler	verb	oci	avoir envie de	verb	fra
voler	verb	oci	vouloir	verb	fra
Sana	properNoun	oci	Sana	properNoun	fra
atacaire	noun	oci	attaquant	noun	fra
atacaire	noun	oci	agresseur	noun	fra
sifilitic	adjective	oci	syphilitique	adjective	fra
Davó	properNoun	oci	Davó	properNoun	fra
terralha	noun	oci	poterie	noun	fra
Edwards	properNoun	oci	Edwards	properNoun	fra
ferrat	noun	oci	seau	noun	fra
Hanks	properNoun	oci	Hanks	properNoun	fra
cavalet	noun	oci	carrousel	noun	fra
valoracion	noun	oci	estimation	noun	fra
valoracion	noun	oci	expertise	noun	fra
elector	adjective	oci	électeur	adjective	fra
Berzelius	properNoun	oci	Berzelius	properNoun	fra
impecable	adjective	oci	impeccable	adjective	fra
gai	noun	oci	geai	noun	fra
Laurier	properNoun	oci	Laurier	properNoun	fra
Abrahams	properNoun	oci	Abrahams	properNoun	fra
Almagro	properNoun	oci	Almagro	properNoun	fra
Malraux	properNoun	oci	Malraux	properNoun	fra
veeméncia	noun	oci	véhémence	noun	fra
eructar	verb	oci	éructer	verb	fra
destituir	verb	oci	destituer	verb	fra
Williamson	properNoun	oci	Williamson	properNoun	fra
africanitat	noun	oci	africanité	noun	fra
deschifrar	verb	oci	déchiffrer	verb	fra
vaquí	adverb	oci	voilà	adverb	fra
elevaire	noun	oci	éleveur	noun	fra
Partridge	properNoun	oci	Partridge	properNoun	fra
Fleetwood	properNoun	oci	Fleetwood	properNoun	fra
Deneault	properNoun	oci	Deneault	properNoun	fra
14n	adjective	oci	14ème	adjective	fra
notificacion	noun	oci	notification	noun	fra
Melchor	properNoun	oci	Melchor	properNoun	fra
lenga	noun	oci	langue	noun	fra
pupil	noun	oci	pupille	noun	fra
Bolt	properNoun	oci	Bolt	properNoun	fra
Cerro	properNoun	oci	Cerro	properNoun	fra
Aduriz	properNoun	oci	Aduriz	properNoun	fra
patronatge	noun	oci	patronage	noun	fra
palais	noun	oci	palais	noun	fra
Dell	properNoun	oci	Dell	properNoun	fra
peptidic	adjective	oci	peptidique	adjective	fra
idrogeologia	noun	oci	hydrogéologie	noun	fra
immatricular	verb	oci	immatriculer	verb	fra
Piccardo	properNoun	oci	Piccardo	properNoun	fra
Gastón	properNoun	oci	Gastón	properNoun	fra
Asenjo	properNoun	oci	Asenjo	properNoun	fra
Nova	properNoun	oci	Nova	properNoun	fra
dròlle	noun	oci	enfant	noun	fra
dròlle	noun	oci	fille	noun	fra
dròlle	noun	oci	garçon	noun	fra
Soares	properNoun	oci	Soares	properNoun	fra
requisicion	noun	oci	réquisition	noun	fra
Vegas	properNoun	oci	Vegas	properNoun	fra
Nudo	properNoun	oci	Nudo	properNoun	fra
Annabelle	properNoun	oci	Annabelle	properNoun	fra
positivista	adjective	oci	positiviste	adjective	fra
Minkowski	properNoun	oci	Minkowski	properNoun	fra
Giol	properNoun	oci	Giol	properNoun	fra
Broseta	properNoun	oci	Broseta	properNoun	fra
indissociable	adjective	oci	indissociable	adjective	fra
Òscar	properNoun	oci	Oscar	properNoun	fra
Barral	properNoun	oci	Barral	properNoun	fra
Baribeau	properNoun	oci	Baribeau	properNoun	fra
Derrida	properNoun	oci	Derrida	properNoun	fra
devenir	verb	oci	devenir	verb	fra
Hita	properNoun	oci	Hita	properNoun	fra
Edit	properNoun	oci	Edit	properNoun	fra
salmon	noun	oci	saumon	noun	fra
rarament	adverb	oci	rarement	adverb	fra
figuièra	noun	oci	figuier	noun	fra
Volta	properNoun	oci	Volta	properNoun	fra
pelhòt	noun	oci	serpillière	noun	fra
Jacomé	properNoun	oci	Jacomé	properNoun	fra
Rouette	properNoun	oci	Rouette	properNoun	fra
automotor	adjective	oci	automoteur	adjective	fra
Depalma	properNoun	oci	Depalma	properNoun	fra
Pich	properNoun	oci	Pich	properNoun	fra
ronhon	noun	oci	rein	noun	fra
von Annenberg	properNoun	oci	von Annenberg	properNoun	fra
Matoush	properNoun	oci	Matoush	properNoun	fra
realista	adjective	oci	réaliste	adjective	fra
bosniac	adjective	oci	bosniaque	adjective	fra
durament	adverb	oci	durement	adverb	fra
juridic	adjective	oci	juridique	adjective	fra
Salzborg	properNoun	oci	Salzbourg	properNoun	fra
procrear	verb	oci	procréer	verb	fra
Garrigosa	properNoun	oci	Garrigosa	properNoun	fra
Marzo	properNoun	oci	Marzo	properNoun	fra
Mehdi	properNoun	oci	Mehdi	properNoun	fra
balastre	noun	oci	ballast	noun	fra
Dexter	properNoun	oci	Dexter	properNoun	fra
intrús	adjective	oci	intrus	adjective	fra
empresari	noun	oci	entrepreneur	noun	fra
Pilia	properNoun	oci	Pilia	properNoun	fra
Maicas	properNoun	oci	Maicas	properNoun	fra
migrador	adjective	oci	migrateur	adjective	fra
cadun	pronoun	oci	chacun	pronoun	fra
Mansell	properNoun	oci	Mansell	properNoun	fra
successor	noun	oci	successeur	noun	fra
Blair	properNoun	oci	Blair	properNoun	fra
Mcneill	properNoun	oci	Mcneill	properNoun	fra
Morgado	properNoun	oci	Morgado	properNoun	fra
Lucifero	properNoun	oci	Lucifero	properNoun	fra
Obón	properNoun	oci	Obón	properNoun	fra
cinc	numeral	oci	cinq	numeral	fra
abrutit	adjective	oci	abruti	adjective	fra
Gale	properNoun	oci	Gale	properNoun	fra
a priori	adverb	oci	à priori	adverb	fra
a priori	adverb	oci	a priori	adverb	fra
De Niro	properNoun	oci	De Niro	properNoun	fra
Curós	properNoun	oci	Curós	properNoun	fra
clan	noun	oci	clan	noun	fra
Candelas	properNoun	oci	Candelas	properNoun	fra
obès	adjective	oci	obèse	adjective	fra
trajècte	noun	oci	trajet	noun	fra
vivacitat	noun	oci	vivacité	noun	fra
Cramponne	properNoun	oci	Cramponne	properNoun	fra
Gramunt	properNoun	oci	Gramunt	properNoun	fra
tauleta	noun	oci	tablette	noun	fra
antipollucion	noun	oci	antipollution	noun	fra
Gaumond	properNoun	oci	Gaumond	properNoun	fra
en guisa de	preposition	oci	en guise de	preposition	fra
Chartres	properNoun	oci	Chartres	properNoun	fra
fugidís	adjective	oci	évanescent	adjective	fra
fugidís	adjective	oci	fugitif	adjective	fra
plantolièr	noun	oci	groupe	noun	fra
Aristotil	properNoun	oci	Aristote	properNoun	fra
miaçar	verb	oci	menacer	verb	fra
deïficar	verb	oci	déifier	verb	fra
retorn	noun	oci	retour	noun	fra
nosar	verb	oci	nouer	verb	fra
Bòsnia	properNoun	oci	Bosnie	properNoun	fra
medecina	noun	oci	médicament	noun	fra
medecina	noun	oci	médecine	noun	fra
allotransplantacion	noun	oci	allogreffe	noun	fra
Al Capone	properNoun	oci	Al Capone	properNoun	fra
practicable	adjective	oci	praticable	adjective	fra
erbut	adjective	oci	herbu	adjective	fra
racista	noun	oci	raciste	noun	fra
encantament	noun	oci	enchantement	noun	fra
blancor	noun	oci	blancheur	noun	fra
Fornells	properNoun	oci	Fornells	properNoun	fra
sosten	noun	oci	soutien	noun	fra
Chartré	properNoun	oci	Chartré	properNoun	fra
Moderie	properNoun	oci	Moderie	properNoun	fra
numerologia	noun	oci	numérologie	noun	fra
dissipar	verb	oci	dissiper	verb	fra
von Trapp	properNoun	oci	von Trapp	properNoun	fra
asuèlh	noun	oci	horizon	noun	fra
Azor	properNoun	oci	Azor	properNoun	fra
Heard	properNoun	oci	Heard	properNoun	fra
Santaulària	properNoun	oci	Santaulària	properNoun	fra
onèste	adjective	oci	honnête	adjective	fra
a bassacadas	adverb	oci	par secousses	adverb	fra
academia	noun	oci	académie	noun	fra
tergiversacion	noun	oci	tergiversation	noun	fra
gris	adjective	oci	gris	adjective	fra
autocrata	noun	oci	autocrate	noun	fra
Lowie	properNoun	oci	Lowie	properNoun	fra
Lajeunesse	properNoun	oci	Lajeunesse	properNoun	fra
I	numeral	oci	I	numeral	fra
Angelats	properNoun	oci	Angelats	properNoun	fra
Abadia	properNoun	oci	Abadia	properNoun	fra
Bourquin	properNoun	oci	Bourquin	properNoun	fra
Filipacchi	properNoun	oci	Filipacchi	properNoun	fra
estòc	noun	oci	stock	noun	fra
cinquanta nòu	numeral	oci	cinquante-neuf	numeral	fra
veritable	adjective	oci	véritable	adjective	fra
desoxigenar	verb	oci	désoxygéner	verb	fra
Colom Mas	properNoun	oci	Colom Mas	properNoun	fra
veritablament	adverb	oci	véritablement	adverb	fra
Rozas	properNoun	oci	Rozas	properNoun	fra
borsièr	adjective	oci	boursier	adjective	fra
e-mail	noun	oci	courriel	noun	fra
e-mail	noun	oci	e-mail	noun	fra
e-mail	noun	oci	mèl	noun	fra
e-mail	noun	oci	mel	noun	fra
ebri	adjective	oci	ivre	adjective	fra
esbratat	adjective	oci	manchot	adjective	fra
vegetatiu	adjective	oci	végétatif	adjective	fra
Derrick	properNoun	oci	Derrick	properNoun	fra
Sas	properNoun	oci	Sas	properNoun	fra
equipar	verb	oci	équiper	verb	fra
fichar	verb	oci	repérer	verb	fra
fichar	verb	oci	ficher	verb	fra
baltic	adjective	oci	balte	adjective	fra
baltic	adjective	oci	baltique	adjective	fra
cilindre	noun	oci	cylindre	noun	fra
avelanièr	noun	oci	noisetier	noun	fra
jordanian	adjective	oci	jordanien	adjective	fra
movement	noun	oci	mouvement	noun	fra
cent	numeral	oci	cent	numeral	fra
meritar	verb	oci	mériter	verb	fra
Piferrer	properNoun	oci	Piferrer	properNoun	fra
minimizar	verb	oci	minimiser	verb	fra
Flix	properNoun	oci	Flix	properNoun	fra
nullitat	noun	oci	nullité	noun	fra
Cruañas	properNoun	oci	Cruañas	properNoun	fra
Josiana	properNoun	oci	Josiane	properNoun	fra
Josiana	properNoun	oci	Josiana	properNoun	fra
velocitat	noun	oci	vélocité	noun	fra
velocitat	noun	oci	vitesse	noun	fra
Mirza	properNoun	oci	Mirza	properNoun	fra
Aribau	properNoun	oci	Aribau	properNoun	fra
damatjar	verb	oci	endommager	verb	fra
penchenar	verb	oci	peigner	verb	fra
penchenar	verb	oci	coiffer	verb	fra
Larronde	properNoun	oci	Larronde	properNoun	fra
Rei	properNoun	oci	Rei	properNoun	fra
gastronomic	adjective	oci	gastronomique	adjective	fra
Joannette	properNoun	oci	Joannette	properNoun	fra
Manchón	properNoun	oci	Manchón	properNoun	fra
Sydney	properNoun	oci	Sydney	properNoun	fra
guerrièr	adjective	oci	guerrier	adjective	fra
Waals	properNoun	oci	Waals	properNoun	fra
mermar	verb	oci	diminuer	verb	fra
Larivière	properNoun	oci	Larivière	properNoun	fra
patèra	noun	oci	patère	noun	fra
investitura	noun	oci	investiture	noun	fra
Schuster	properNoun	oci	Schuster	properNoun	fra
Jimenez	properNoun	oci	Jimenez	properNoun	fra
bosnian	adjective	oci	bosnien	adjective	fra
bosnian	adjective	oci	bosniaque	adjective	fra
Barrett	properNoun	oci	Barrett	properNoun	fra
Avairon	properNoun	oci	Aveyron	properNoun	fra
Magali	properNoun	oci	Magali	properNoun	fra
estatura	noun	oci	stature	noun	fra
fosfat	noun	oci	phosphate	noun	fra
dançaire	noun	oci	danseur	noun	fra
motiu	noun	oci	raison	noun	fra
motiu	noun	oci	motif	noun	fra
Saho	properNoun	oci	Saho	properNoun	fra
Brodeur	properNoun	oci	Brodeur	properNoun	fra
Cathy	properNoun	oci	Cathy	properNoun	fra
impedir	verb	oci	empêcher	verb	fra
fòra	adverb	oci	hors	adverb	fra
Frigon	properNoun	oci	Frigon	properNoun	fra
tapatge	noun	oci	bruit	noun	fra
Tornés	properNoun	oci	Tornés	properNoun	fra
Candy	properNoun	oci	Candy	properNoun	fra
plujós	adjective	oci	pluvieux	adjective	fra
Teoli	properNoun	oci	Teoli	properNoun	fra
Bourke	properNoun	oci	Bourke	properNoun	fra
incompliment	noun	oci	inaccomplissement	noun	fra
redecorar	verb	oci	redécorer	verb	fra
carpologia	noun	oci	carpologie	noun	fra
palun	noun	oci	lagune	noun	fra
palun	noun	oci	marais	noun	fra
palun	noun	oci	marécage	noun	fra
cineasta	noun	oci	cinéaste	noun	fra
raretat	noun	oci	rareté	noun	fra
infantariá	noun	oci	infanterie	noun	fra
Jude	properNoun	oci	Jude	properNoun	fra
liquiditat	noun	oci	liquidité	noun	fra
simbiotic	adjective	oci	symbiotique	adjective	fra
Pomar	properNoun	oci	Pomar	properNoun	fra
Miriam	properNoun	oci	Miriam	properNoun	fra
dereliccion	noun	oci	déréliction	noun	fra
Valentini	properNoun	oci	Valentini	properNoun	fra
operativitat	noun	oci	opérativité	noun	fra
Deschâtelets	properNoun	oci	Deschâtelets	properNoun	fra
escuresina	noun	oci	obscurité	noun	fra
satisfasent	adjective	oci	satisfaisant	adjective	fra
abolicionisme	noun	oci	abolitionnisme	noun	fra
abolicionisme	noun	oci	abolitionisme	noun	fra
Chicaiza	properNoun	oci	Chicaiza	properNoun	fra
monstre	noun	oci	monstre	noun	fra
Munn	properNoun	oci	Munn	properNoun	fra
Lanthier	properNoun	oci	Lanthier	properNoun	fra
Bastone	properNoun	oci	Bastone	properNoun	fra
radiologia	noun	oci	radiologie	noun	fra
elector	noun	oci	électeur	noun	fra
mercadièr	adjective	oci	marchand	adjective	fra
Bétournay	properNoun	oci	Bétournay	properNoun	fra
aisit	adjective	oci	facile	adjective	fra
aisit	adjective	oci	aisé	adjective	fra
nimai	adverb	oci	non plus	adverb	fra
Ochando	properNoun	oci	Ochando	properNoun	fra
Rebelo	properNoun	oci	Rebelo	properNoun	fra
Hochhauser	properNoun	oci	Hochhauser	properNoun	fra
Ratelle	properNoun	oci	Ratelle	properNoun	fra
IX	numeral	oci	IXème	adjective	fra
IX	numeral	oci	IX	numeral	fra
IX	numeral	oci	IXe	adjective	fra
polarizant	noun	oci	polarisant	noun	fra
festiu	adjective	oci	festif	adjective	fra
repatriat	adjective	oci	rapatrié	adjective	fra
aigre	noun	oci	levier	noun	fra
trombon	noun	oci	trombone	noun	fra
Themens	properNoun	oci	Themens	properNoun	fra
Oprea	properNoun	oci	Oprea	properNoun	fra
von Zumbusch	properNoun	oci	von Zumbusch	properNoun	fra
remarcar	verb	oci	remarquer	verb	fra
seringa	noun	oci	seringue	noun	fra
castanha	noun	oci	marron	noun	fra
castanha	noun	oci	châtaigne	noun	fra
Juvé	properNoun	oci	Juvé	properNoun	fra
Tibet	properNoun	oci	Tibet	properNoun	fra
ingerir	verb	oci	ingérer	verb	fra
surf	noun	oci	surf	noun	fra
istrion	noun	oci	histrion	noun	fra
Jacquette	properNoun	oci	Jacquette	properNoun	fra
Garreta	properNoun	oci	Garreta	properNoun	fra
Robins	properNoun	oci	Robins	properNoun	fra
Arranz	properNoun	oci	Arranz	properNoun	fra
diagrama	noun	oci	diagramme	noun	fra
passejar	verb	oci	promener	verb	fra
Scola	properNoun	oci	Scola	properNoun	fra
Mauritània	properNoun	oci	Mauritanie	properNoun	fra
Claude	properNoun	oci	Claude	properNoun	fra
dissipacion	noun	oci	dissipation	noun	fra
caumaire	noun	oci	chômeur	noun	fra
Berthold	properNoun	oci	Berthold	properNoun	fra
Serés	properNoun	oci	Serés	properNoun	fra
Chênevert	properNoun	oci	Chênevert	properNoun	fra
Amorebieta	properNoun	oci	Amorebieta	properNoun	fra
Piaget	properNoun	oci	Piaget	properNoun	fra
Traversy	properNoun	oci	Traversy	properNoun	fra
Raurell	properNoun	oci	Raurell	properNoun	fra
altruista	adjective	oci	altruiste	adjective	fra
Arellano	properNoun	oci	Arellano	properNoun	fra
diplomat	noun	oci	diplômé	noun	fra
ofensar	verb	oci	offenser	verb	fra
Imhoff	properNoun	oci	Imhoff	properNoun	fra
Bradford	properNoun	oci	Bradford	properNoun	fra
consentir	verb	oci	consentir	verb	fra
Toran	properNoun	oci	Toran	properNoun	fra
institutor	noun	oci	instituteur	noun	fra
Livrizzi	properNoun	oci	Livrizzi	properNoun	fra
Sandhu	properNoun	oci	Sandhu	properNoun	fra
diplomar	verb	oci	diplômer	verb	fra
reformar	verb	oci	réformer	verb	fra
reformar	verb	oci	reformer	verb	fra
Galera	properNoun	oci	Galera	properNoun	fra
Escandinàvia	properNoun	oci	Scandinavie	properNoun	fra
Olmedo	properNoun	oci	Olmedo	properNoun	fra
ironic	adjective	oci	ironique	adjective	fra
Kundera	properNoun	oci	Kundera	properNoun	fra
Agea	properNoun	oci	Agea	properNoun	fra
complecion	noun	oci	complétion	noun	fra
osmotic	adjective	oci	osmotique	adjective	fra
Jean-Claude	properNoun	oci	Jean-Claude	properNoun	fra
arraïc	noun	oci	racine	noun	fra
quinzen	adjective	oci	quinzième	adjective	fra
Ballesta	properNoun	oci	Ballesta	properNoun	fra
arquet	noun	oci	archet	noun	fra
levandièr	adjective	oci	accoucheur	adjective	fra
religion	noun	oci	religion	noun	fra
tsigan	noun	oci	Tsigane	noun	fra
ondulatòri	adjective	oci	ondulatoire	adjective	fra
Bruce	properNoun	oci	Bruce	properNoun	fra
donc	subordinatingConjunction	oci	donc	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Maure	properNoun	oci	Maure	properNoun	fra
ajustar	verb	oci	ajuster	verb	fra
ajustar	verb	oci	ajouter	verb	fra
devinhar	verb	oci	deviner	verb	fra
Larrosa	properNoun	oci	Larrosa	properNoun	fra
cana	noun	oci	canne	noun	fra
cana	noun	oci	roseau	noun	fra
Slight	properNoun	oci	Slight	properNoun	fra
cobejar	verb	oci	convoiter	verb	fra
Michon	properNoun	oci	Michon	properNoun	fra
Garci	properNoun	oci	Garci	properNoun	fra
actuacion	noun	oci	action	noun	fra
iogoslau	noun	oci	Yougoslave	noun	fra
interactivitat	noun	oci	interactivité	noun	fra
eparina	noun	oci	héparine	noun	fra
embuc	noun	oci	entonnoir	noun	fra
Chornet	properNoun	oci	Chornet	properNoun	fra
al sortent de	preposition	oci	au sortir de	preposition	fra
Arroniz	properNoun	oci	Arroniz	properNoun	fra
cubertar	verb	oci	joncher	verb	fra
cubertar	verb	oci	napper	verb	fra
cubertar	verb	oci	couvrir	verb	fra
bartàs	noun	oci	fourré	noun	fra
bartàs	noun	oci	hallier	noun	fra
bartàs	noun	oci	buisson	noun	fra
a prepaus de	preposition	oci	au sujet de	preposition	fra
a prepaus de	preposition	oci	à propos de	preposition	fra
absoludament	adverb	oci	absolument pas	adverb	fra
absoludament	adverb	oci	absolument	adverb	fra
Putin	properNoun	oci	Putin	properNoun	fra
Putin	properNoun	oci	Poutine	properNoun	fra
deficit	noun	oci	déficit	noun	fra
Trallero	properNoun	oci	Trallero	properNoun	fra
Brèst	properNoun	oci	Brest	properNoun	fra
a picacotèl	adverb	oci	à couteaux tirés	adverb	fra
Castel	properNoun	oci	Castel	properNoun	fra
Antxieta	properNoun	oci	Antxieta	properNoun	fra
simbolicament	adverb	oci	symboliquement	adverb	fra
salvatge	noun	oci	sauvage	noun	fra
ocultisme	noun	oci	ocultisme	noun	fra
ocultisme	noun	oci	occultisme	noun	fra
Batlle y Grau	properNoun	oci	Batlle y Grau	properNoun	fra
reminiscéncia	noun	oci	réminiscence	noun	fra
quark	noun	oci	quark	noun	fra
Arizmendiarrieta	properNoun	oci	Arizmendiarrieta	properNoun	fra
Amstel	properNoun	oci	Amstel	properNoun	fra
tondeson	noun	oci	tonte	noun	fra
imprimit	adjective	oci	imprimé	adjective	fra
Bataille	properNoun	oci	Bataille	properNoun	fra
pigmentar	verb	oci	pigmenter	verb	fra
Republica Chèca	properNoun	oci	République tchèque	properNoun	fra
recuèlh	noun	oci	recueil	noun	fra
cipriòta	adjective	oci	cypriote	adjective	fra
cipriòta	adjective	oci	chypriote	adjective	fra
Fabiola	properNoun	oci	Fabiola	properNoun	fra
Callado	properNoun	oci	Callado	properNoun	fra
Dicaprio	properNoun	oci	Dicaprio	properNoun	fra
Fakhoury	properNoun	oci	Fakhoury	properNoun	fra
hiu	noun	oci	fil	noun	fra
Paradell	properNoun	oci	Paradell	properNoun	fra
renda	noun	oci	rente	noun	fra
renda	noun	oci	revenu	noun	fra
Vlasák	properNoun	oci	Vlasák	properNoun	fra
facil	adjective	oci	facile	adjective	fra
Nahas	properNoun	oci	Nahas	properNoun	fra
Annunziata	properNoun	oci	Annunziata	properNoun	fra
Cornwallis	properNoun	oci	Cornwallis	properNoun	fra
extrèm	adjective	oci	extrême	adjective	fra
Bienaimé	properNoun	oci	Bienaimé	properNoun	fra
progressisme	noun	oci	progressisme	noun	fra
ispanizar	verb	oci	hispaniser	verb	fra
Carpetano	properNoun	oci	Carpetano	properNoun	fra
infligir	verb	oci	infliger	verb	fra
correlacion	noun	oci	corrélation	noun	fra
escrupul	noun	oci	scrupule	noun	fra
anisar	verb	oci	aniser	verb	fra
empatia	noun	oci	empathie	noun	fra
Estellé	properNoun	oci	Estellé	properNoun	fra
valesan	noun	oci	valaisan	noun	fra
ueitanta nau	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-neuf	numeral	fra
fondre	verb	oci	fondre	verb	fra
autoficcion	noun	oci	autofiction	noun	fra
pudor	noun	oci	puanteur	noun	fra
pudor	noun	oci	pudeur	noun	fra
faubeta	noun	oci	fauvette	noun	fra
simple	noun	oci	simple	noun	fra
triploblastic	adjective	oci	triploblastique	adjective	fra
Benaigés	properNoun	oci	Benaigés	properNoun	fra
Vilarrubias	properNoun	oci	Vilarrubias	properNoun	fra
irrecuperable	adjective	oci	irrécupérable	adjective	fra
filable	adjective	oci	filable	adjective	fra
Clavijo	properNoun	oci	Clavijo	properNoun	fra
Crystal	properNoun	oci	Crystal	properNoun	fra
Holmes	properNoun	oci	Holmes	properNoun	fra
Brufau	properNoun	oci	Brufau	properNoun	fra
XP	properNoun	oci	XP	properNoun	fra
successiu	adjective	oci	successif	adjective	fra
cervesa	noun	oci	bière	noun	fra
Rivas	properNoun	oci	Rivas	properNoun	fra
Regalado	properNoun	oci	Regalado	properNoun	fra
subte	adjective	oci	subit	adjective	fra
subte	adjective	oci	soudain	adjective	fra
Angel	properNoun	oci	Angel	properNoun	fra
desmitificar	verb	oci	démythifier	verb	fra
Épinal	properNoun	oci	Épinal	properNoun	fra
policromatic	adjective	oci	polychromatique	adjective	fra
Ravena	properNoun	oci	Ravenne	properNoun	fra
dens	adjective	oci	dense	adjective	fra
flagrant	adjective	oci	flagrant	adjective	fra
secors	noun	oci	secours	noun	fra
Murièl	properNoun	oci	Murièl	properNoun	fra
RH	noun	oci	RH	noun	fra
aspirar	verb	oci	aspirer	verb	fra
aspirar	verb	oci	pomper	verb	fra
Sahuquillo	properNoun	oci	Sahuquillo	properNoun	fra
vocalizar	verb	oci	vocaliser	verb	fra
olandés	adjective	oci	hollandais	adjective	fra
moralitat	noun	oci	moralité	noun	fra
adoracion	noun	oci	adoration	noun	fra
Hermosa	properNoun	oci	Hermosa	properNoun	fra
Kinshasa	properNoun	oci	Kinshasa	properNoun	fra
intocat	adjective	oci	intouché	adjective	fra
L'Express	properNoun	oci	L'Express	properNoun	fra
orizont	noun	oci	horizon	noun	fra
tabó	adjective	oci	tabou	adjective	fra
Verschelden	properNoun	oci	Verschelden	properNoun	fra
An Oriant	properNoun	oci	Lorient	properNoun	fra
Tananarive	properNoun	oci	Tananarive	properNoun	fra
aluenhar	verb	oci	éloigner	verb	fra
Mandela	properNoun	oci	Mandela	properNoun	fra
Bécotte	properNoun	oci	Bécotte	properNoun	fra
acusaire	adjective	oci	accusateur	adjective	fra
eponim	adjective	oci	éponyme	adjective	fra
prebenda	noun	oci	prébende	noun	fra
prebenda	noun	oci	provende	noun	fra
Solbes	properNoun	oci	Solbes	properNoun	fra
amorèu	noun	oci	framboise	noun	fra
amorèu	noun	oci	framboisier	noun	fra
Boulton	properNoun	oci	Boulton	properNoun	fra
Giulietta	properNoun	oci	Giulietta	properNoun	fra
agut	noun	oci	aigu	noun	fra
endacòm	adverb	oci	quelque part	adverb	fra
caritable	adjective	oci	charitable	adjective	fra
Galvany	properNoun	oci	Galvany	properNoun	fra
Mimeault	properNoun	oci	Mimeault	properNoun	fra
trident	noun	oci	trident	noun	fra
Venditti	properNoun	oci	Venditti	properNoun	fra
absurd	adjective	oci	absurde	adjective	fra
nòble	adjective	oci	noble	adjective	fra
Pisa	properNoun	oci	Pise	properNoun	fra
Pisa	properNoun	oci	Pisa	properNoun	fra
Bouffon	properNoun	oci	Bouffon	properNoun	fra
Triassi	properNoun	oci	Triassi	properNoun	fra
palladi	noun	oci	palladium	noun	fra
bíblia	noun	oci	bible	noun	fra
escuélher	verb	oci	choisir	verb	fra
escuélher	verb	oci	élire	verb	fra
Solís	properNoun	oci	Solís	properNoun	fra
Whitacre	properNoun	oci	Whitacre	properNoun	fra
ocasionalament	adverb	oci	occasionnellement	adverb	fra
logiciau	noun	oci	logiciel	noun	fra
Edgar	properNoun	oci	Edgar	properNoun	fra
estratigrafia	noun	oci	stratigraphie	noun	fra
escenari	noun	oci	plateau	noun	fra
explosion	noun	oci	explosion	noun	fra
declamatiu	adjective	oci	déclamatif	adjective	fra
Iturraspe	properNoun	oci	Iturraspe	properNoun	fra
balneari	adjective	oci	balnéaire	adjective	fra
competéncia	noun	oci	compétence	noun	fra
competéncia	noun	oci	concurrence	noun	fra
Vilamajó	properNoun	oci	Vilamajó	properNoun	fra
composicion	noun	oci	composition	noun	fra
abraçar	verb	oci	embrasser	verb	fra
trivializar	verb	oci	trivialiser	verb	fra
concebre	verb	oci	concevoir	verb	fra
durable	adjective	oci	durable	adjective	fra
Favreau	properNoun	oci	Favreau	properNoun	fra
Roosevelt	properNoun	oci	Roosevelt	properNoun	fra
boxar	verb	oci	boxer	verb	fra
cofondador	noun	oci	co-fondateur	noun	fra
Clerc	properNoun	oci	Clerc	properNoun	fra
Youssef	properNoun	oci	Youssef	properNoun	fra
corredor	noun	oci	coureur	noun	fra
corredor	noun	oci	corridor	noun	fra
corredor	noun	oci	seuil	noun	fra
Plazas	properNoun	oci	Plazas	properNoun	fra
Connell	properNoun	oci	Connell	properNoun	fra
Onieva	properNoun	oci	Onieva	properNoun	fra
Albertini	properNoun	oci	Albertini	properNoun	fra
Jong	properNoun	oci	Jong	properNoun	fra
Jong	properNoun	oci	Jon	properNoun	fra
Mongrain	properNoun	oci	Mongrain	properNoun	fra
altimetria	noun	oci	altimétrie	noun	fra
Samedy	properNoun	oci	Samedy	properNoun	fra
josieu	adjective	oci	juif	adjective	fra
guidon	noun	oci	scénario	noun	fra
depassar	verb	oci	dépasser	verb	fra
Montoya	properNoun	oci	Montoya	properNoun	fra
debutant	adjective	oci	débutant	adjective	fra
relatar	verb	oci	relater	verb	fra
Terol	properNoun	oci	Terol	properNoun	fra
pendula	noun	oci	pendule	noun	fra
a l'espèra	adverb	oci	à l'affût	adverb	fra
Orri	properNoun	oci	Orri	properNoun	fra
Pintor	properNoun	oci	Pintor	properNoun	fra
desmaterializacion	noun	oci	dématérialisation	noun	fra
Romaine	properNoun	oci	Romaine	properNoun	fra
abilitar	verb	oci	habiliter	verb	fra
Oñate	properNoun	oci	Oñate	properNoun	fra
processar	verb	oci	accuser	verb	fra
processar	verb	oci	inculper	verb	fra
laid	adjective	oci	laid	adjective	fra
Gonzàlez	properNoun	oci	Gonzàlez	properNoun	fra
Bolea	properNoun	oci	Bolea	properNoun	fra
Verret	properNoun	oci	Verret	properNoun	fra
entracte	noun	oci	entracte	noun	fra
38n	adjective	oci	38ème	adjective	fra
bilingüisme	noun	oci	bilinguisme	noun	fra
pòrre	noun	oci	poireau	noun	fra
inconstant	adjective	oci	inconstant	adjective	fra
dorna	noun	oci	cruche	noun	fra
Lombardi	properNoun	oci	Lombardi	properNoun	fra
matís	noun	oci	nuance	noun	fra
matís	noun	oci	tonalité	noun	fra
esternudar	verb	oci	éternuer	verb	fra
Khenchoul	properNoun	oci	Khenchoul	properNoun	fra
Grau Seminario	properNoun	oci	Grau Seminario	properNoun	fra
Morláns	properNoun	oci	Morláns	properNoun	fra
retardar	verb	oci	retarder	verb	fra
retardar	verb	oci	attarder	verb	fra
retardar	verb	oci	arriérer	verb	fra
Mohamed	properNoun	oci	Mohamed	properNoun	fra
inutil	adjective	oci	inutile	adjective	fra
Gladu	properNoun	oci	Gladu	properNoun	fra
Alberich	properNoun	oci	Alberich	properNoun	fra
Ivanovic	properNoun	oci	Ivanovic	properNoun	fra
Sabates	properNoun	oci	Sabates	properNoun	fra
proferir	verb	oci	proférer	verb	fra
Salemi	properNoun	oci	Salemi	properNoun	fra
Friol	properNoun	oci	Frioul	properNoun	fra
Ferrando	properNoun	oci	Ferrando	properNoun	fra
Monreal	properNoun	oci	Monreal	properNoun	fra
criminalitat	noun	oci	crimimalité	noun	fra
criminalitat	noun	oci	criminalité	noun	fra
combinason	noun	oci	combinaison	noun	fra
d'alhors	adverb	oci	d'ailleurs	adverb	fra
amplificador	adjective	oci	amplificateur	adjective	fra
St-Michel	properNoun	oci	St-Michel	properNoun	fra
van Nistelrooy	properNoun	oci	van Nistelrooy	properNoun	fra
Paradis	properNoun	oci	Paradis	properNoun	fra
von Allmen	properNoun	oci	von Allmen	properNoun	fra
Rofes	properNoun	oci	Rofes	properNoun	fra
Torner	properNoun	oci	Torner	properNoun	fra
Saadouki	properNoun	oci	Saadouki	properNoun	fra
cabina	noun	oci	cabine	noun	fra
sonda	noun	oci	sonde	noun	fra
Guillard	properNoun	oci	Guillard	properNoun	fra
Dostoievskii	properNoun	oci	Dostoïevski	properNoun	fra
Dostoievskii	properNoun	oci	Dostoievski	properNoun	fra
Dostoievskii	properNoun	oci	Dostoevskij	properNoun	fra
Ivanov	properNoun	oci	Ivanov	properNoun	fra
swazi	adjective	oci	swazi	adjective	fra
lançaire	noun	oci	lanceur	noun	fra
Guridi	properNoun	oci	Guridi	properNoun	fra
Travers	properNoun	oci	Travers	properNoun	fra
monaca	noun	oci	poupée	noun	fra
sinciput	noun	oci	sinciput	noun	fra
disculpar	verb	oci	disculper	verb	fra
póner	verb	oci	brancher	verb	fra
póner	verb	oci	mettre	verb	fra
amarrar	verb	oci	amarrer	verb	fra
geomètre	noun	oci	géomètre	noun	fra
tentacul	noun	oci	tentacule	noun	fra
Romeu	properNoun	oci	Romeu	properNoun	fra
Alventosa	properNoun	oci	Alventosa	properNoun	fra
Arco	properNoun	oci	Arco	properNoun	fra
Collados	properNoun	oci	Collados	properNoun	fra
Riveira	properNoun	oci	Riveira	properNoun	fra
a despart	adverb	oci	à l'écart	adverb	fra
a despart	adverb	oci	à part	adverb	fra
Matches	properNoun	oci	Matches	properNoun	fra
malaür	noun	oci	malheur	noun	fra
caler	modal	oci	falloir	modal	fra
Noé	properNoun	oci	Noé	properNoun	fra
diplomatic	adjective	oci	diplomatique	adjective	fra
Garofalo	properNoun	oci	Garofalo	properNoun	fra
Benoît	properNoun	oci	Benoît	properNoun	fra
Mogherini	properNoun	oci	Mogherini	properNoun	fra
estatistic	noun	oci	statistique	noun	fra
Buoni	properNoun	oci	Buoni	properNoun	fra
tretzau	adjective	oci	treizième	adjective	fra
brèvament	adverb	oci	brièvement	adverb	fra
disponible	adjective	oci	disponible	adjective	fra
Bombardier	properNoun	oci	Bombardier	properNoun	fra
rancurar	verb	oci	regretter	verb	fra
rancurar	verb	oci	déplorer	verb	fra
infecciós	adjective	oci	infectieux	adjective	fra
Dhaïti	properNoun	oci	Dhaïti	properNoun	fra
endormitòri	adjective	oci	somnifère	adjective	fra
renonciament	noun	oci	renoncement	noun	fra
Barón	properNoun	oci	Barón	properNoun	fra
Deidièr	properNoun	oci	Didier	properNoun	fra
Deidièr	properNoun	oci	Deidièr	properNoun	fra
Pallerols	properNoun	oci	Pallerols	properNoun	fra
Germaine	properNoun	oci	Germaine	properNoun	fra
Renato	properNoun	oci	Renato	properNoun	fra
Baumela	properNoun	oci	Baumela	properNoun	fra
clarièra	noun	oci	clairière	noun	fra
famós	adjective	oci	fameux	adjective	fra
famós	adjective	oci	renommé	adjective	fra
Ylla	properNoun	oci	Ylla	properNoun	fra
babina	noun	oci	babine	noun	fra
Bergoglio	properNoun	oci	Bergoglio	properNoun	fra
Tomlinson	properNoun	oci	Tomlinson	properNoun	fra
puèi	adverb	oci	par la suite	adverb	fra
puèi	adverb	oci	puis	adverb	fra
puèi	adverb	oci	ensuite	adverb	fra
comici	noun	oci	comice	noun	fra
Lavrov	properNoun	oci	Lavrov	properNoun	fra
Serraté	properNoun	oci	Serraté	properNoun	fra
Cuní	properNoun	oci	Cuní	properNoun	fra
Macijauscas	properNoun	oci	Macijauscas	properNoun	fra
Ballesté	properNoun	oci	Ballesté	properNoun	fra
Anglehart	properNoun	oci	Anglehart	properNoun	fra
rotacisme	noun	oci	rhotacisme	noun	fra
acarnassit	adjective	oci	acharné	adjective	fra
Casaubon	properNoun	oci	Casaubon	properNoun	fra
Duciaume	properNoun	oci	Duciaume	properNoun	fra
Lloreda	properNoun	oci	Lloreda	properNoun	fra
fonta	noun	oci	fonte	noun	fra
sediciós	adjective	oci	séditieux	adjective	fra
telescòpi	noun	oci	télescope	noun	fra
ancoratge	noun	oci	ancrage	noun	fra
Cadet	properNoun	oci	Cadet	properNoun	fra
obsedir	verb	oci	obséder	verb	fra
Kimberly	properNoun	oci	Kimberly	properNoun	fra
sentor	noun	oci	odeur	noun	fra
Cazelais	properNoun	oci	Cazelais	properNoun	fra
Héroux	properNoun	oci	Héroux	properNoun	fra
Subirá	properNoun	oci	Subirá	properNoun	fra
unitat	noun	oci	unité	noun	fra
Lees	properNoun	oci	Lees	properNoun	fra
afasia	noun	oci	aphasie	noun	fra
serpelhièra	noun	oci	serpillière	noun	fra
popa	noun	oci	sein	noun	fra
popa	noun	oci	mamelle	noun	fra
Mbeki	properNoun	oci	Mbeki	properNoun	fra
Longo	properNoun	oci	Longo	properNoun	fra
Arango	properNoun	oci	Arango	properNoun	fra
frairièra	noun	oci	fratrie	noun	fra
marcar	verb	oci	marquer	verb	fra
Susperregi	properNoun	oci	Susperregi	properNoun	fra
coprince	noun	oci	co-prince	noun	fra
coprince	noun	oci	coprince	noun	fra
Messeguer	properNoun	oci	Messeguer	properNoun	fra
peregrinacion	noun	oci	pérégrination	noun	fra
quarantau	adjective	oci	quarantième	adjective	fra
fèu	noun	oci	fief	noun	fra
fèu	noun	oci	seigneurie	noun	fra
intrigar	verb	oci	intriguer	verb	fra
socialista	noun	oci	socialiste	noun	fra
Gil	properNoun	oci	Gil	properNoun	fra
sosprograma	noun	oci	sous-programme	noun	fra
prion	noun	oci	prion	noun	fra
reviscolar	verb	oci	ressusciter	verb	fra
conductivitat	noun	oci	conductivité	noun	fra
atenuacion	noun	oci	atténuation	noun	fra
contondent	adjective	oci	contondant	adjective	fra
Marseille	properNoun	oci	Marseille	properNoun	fra
Villaro	properNoun	oci	Villaro	properNoun	fra
traccion	noun	oci	traction	noun	fra
Marcadal	properNoun	oci	Marcadal	properNoun	fra
escòder	verb	oci	cuire	verb	fra
Boulard	properNoun	oci	Boulard	properNoun	fra
particularisme	noun	oci	particularisme	noun	fra
Morabito	properNoun	oci	Morabito	properNoun	fra
fidèl	adjective	oci	fidèle	adjective	fra
albigés	adjective	oci	albigeois	adjective	fra
Monzonís	properNoun	oci	Monzonís	properNoun	fra
Goldstein	properNoun	oci	Goldstein	properNoun	fra
Eliseo	properNoun	oci	Eliseo	properNoun	fra
Christine	properNoun	oci	Christine	properNoun	fra
paratge	noun	oci	parage	noun	fra
tribu	noun	oci	tribu	noun	fra
quaranten	noun	oci	quarantième	noun	fra
Mazelin	properNoun	oci	Mazelin	properNoun	fra
decoracion	noun	oci	décoration	noun	fra
Terrón	properNoun	oci	Terrón	properNoun	fra
batisfèra	noun	oci	bathysphère	noun	fra
Cabezuelo	properNoun	oci	Cabezuelo	properNoun	fra
Antonia	properNoun	oci	Antonia	properNoun	fra
Zamora	properNoun	oci	Zamora	properNoun	fra
Serbia	properNoun	oci	Serbie	properNoun	fra
paracasudas	noun	oci	parachute	noun	fra
illas Midway	properNoun	oci	îles Midway	properNoun	fra
Quintal	properNoun	oci	Quintal	properNoun	fra
vertebrar	verb	oci	vertébrer	verb	fra
Remedio	properNoun	oci	Remedio	properNoun	fra
Bouvrette	properNoun	oci	Bouvrette	properNoun	fra
seichelés	noun	oci	Seychellois	noun	fra
Fichte	properNoun	oci	Fichte	properNoun	fra
Phaneuf	properNoun	oci	Phaneuf	properNoun	fra
sevilhan	adjective	oci	sévillan	adjective	fra
Folqué	properNoun	oci	Folqué	properNoun	fra
setmanièr	adjective	oci	hebdomadaire	adjective	fra
fenotipe	noun	oci	phénotype	noun	fra
Antalya	properNoun	oci	Antalya	properNoun	fra
caissa	noun	oci	boîte	noun	fra
caissa	noun	oci	caisse	noun	fra
Châtelain	properNoun	oci	Châtelain	properNoun	fra
adolescent	adjective	oci	adolescent	adjective	fra
teogonic	adjective	oci	théogonique	adjective	fra
centura	noun	oci	ceinture	noun	fra
Chris	properNoun	oci	Chris	properNoun	fra
ostrogotic	adjective	oci	ostrogothique	adjective	fra
Mcintyre	properNoun	oci	Mcintyre	properNoun	fra
Stephane	properNoun	oci	Stephane	properNoun	fra
a pròva de	preposition	oci	à l'appui de	preposition	fra
Normand	properNoun	oci	Normand	properNoun	fra
Urbaneja	properNoun	oci	Urbaneja	properNoun	fra
ostrogòt	adjective	oci	ostrogoth	adjective	fra
avertir	verb	oci	avertir	verb	fra
avertir	verb	oci	prévenir	verb	fra
Jacint	properNoun	oci	Jacint	properNoun	fra
observança	noun	oci	observance	noun	fra
illas Tokelau	properNoun	oci	îles Tokelau	properNoun	fra
retribuir	verb	oci	rétribuer	verb	fra
reünir	verb	oci	rassembler	verb	fra
reünir	verb	oci	réunir	verb	fra
reünir	verb	oci	rallier	verb	fra
Botham	properNoun	oci	Botham	properNoun	fra
fard	noun	oci	fard	noun	fra
Noah	properNoun	oci	Noah	properNoun	fra
Marlee	properNoun	oci	Marlee	properNoun	fra
emportar	verb	oci	emporter	verb	fra
emportar	verb	oci	remporter	verb	fra
Chevrette	properNoun	oci	Chevrette	properNoun	fra
parrabastatge	noun	oci	trouble	noun	fra
parrabastatge	noun	oci	désordre	noun	fra
Puchades	properNoun	oci	Puchades	properNoun	fra
Barnils	properNoun	oci	Barnils	properNoun	fra
arrogant	adjective	oci	arrogant	adjective	fra
Coughlan	properNoun	oci	Coughlan	properNoun	fra
repais	noun	oci	repas	noun	fra
eutrofizacion	noun	oci	eutrophisation	noun	fra
Badenes	properNoun	oci	Badenes	properNoun	fra
Markov	properNoun	oci	Markov	properNoun	fra
Bowen	properNoun	oci	Bowen	properNoun	fra
Veliz	properNoun	oci	Veliz	properNoun	fra
Cronier	properNoun	oci	Cronier	properNoun	fra
Cunha	properNoun	oci	Cunha	properNoun	fra
publicacion	noun	oci	publication	noun	fra
Nielsen	properNoun	oci	Nielsen	properNoun	fra
Baguena	properNoun	oci	Baguena	properNoun	fra
insubordinacion	noun	oci	insubordination	noun	fra
vèrb	noun	oci	verbe	noun	fra
Clémence	properNoun	oci	Clémence	properNoun	fra
bioetica	noun	oci	bioéthique	noun	fra
mentida	noun	oci	mensonge	noun	fra
Desgranges	properNoun	oci	Desgranges	properNoun	fra
Quayle	properNoun	oci	Quayle	properNoun	fra
voluminós	adjective	oci	volumineux	adjective	fra
von Manteuffel	properNoun	oci	von Manteuffel	properNoun	fra
sagèl	noun	oci	tampon	noun	fra
sagèl	noun	oci	sceau	noun	fra
Melis	properNoun	oci	Melis	properNoun	fra
Pibernat	properNoun	oci	Pibernat	properNoun	fra
Dumulong	properNoun	oci	Dumulong	properNoun	fra
Yorke	properNoun	oci	Yorke	properNoun	fra
Chomsky	properNoun	oci	Chomsky	properNoun	fra
coexisténcia	noun	oci	coexistence	noun	fra
britanic	adjective	oci	britannique	adjective	fra
tanzanian	noun	oci	Tanzanien	noun	fra
vinificar	verb	oci	vinifier	verb	fra
Delbalso	properNoun	oci	Delbalso	properNoun	fra
troposfèra	noun	oci	troposphère	noun	fra
Morlán	properNoun	oci	Morlán	properNoun	fra
arunan	adverb	oci	l'année dernière	adverb	fra
arunan	adverb	oci	l'an dernier	adverb	fra
Goyer	properNoun	oci	Goyer	properNoun	fra
Santa Ses	properNoun	oci	Saint-Siège	properNoun	fra
Urien	properNoun	oci	Urien	properNoun	fra
Barja	properNoun	oci	Barja	properNoun	fra
metratge	noun	oci	métrage	noun	fra
Franch	properNoun	oci	Franch	properNoun	fra
imbecilitat	noun	oci	imbécilité	noun	fra
a condicion de	preposition	oci	à condition de	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Osaka	properNoun	oci	Osaka	properNoun	fra
Bartolí	properNoun	oci	Bartolí	properNoun	fra
flamenc	adjective	oci	flamand	adjective	fra
Destrempes	properNoun	oci	Destrempes	properNoun	fra
vianés	adjective	oci	viennois	adjective	fra
urbanisme	noun	oci	urbanisme	noun	fra
Forde	properNoun	oci	Forde	properNoun	fra
Òlt e Garona	properNoun	oci	Lot-et-Garonne	properNoun	fra
Vía	properNoun	oci	Vía	properNoun	fra
Pernaci	properNoun	oci	Pernaci	properNoun	fra
regard	noun	oci	regard	noun	fra
perpendicular	adjective	oci	perpendiculaire	adjective	fra
Prim	properNoun	oci	Prim	properNoun	fra
Gillet	properNoun	oci	Gillet	properNoun	fra
circuit	noun	oci	circuit	noun	fra
suplantar	verb	oci	supplanter	verb	fra
capitèl	noun	oci	chapiteau	noun	fra
Urgell	properNoun	oci	Urgell	properNoun	fra
desbartassar	verb	oci	débroussailler	verb	fra
descendéncia	noun	oci	descendance	noun	fra
Salleras	properNoun	oci	Salleras	properNoun	fra
gang	noun	oci	gang	noun	fra
Saucier	properNoun	oci	Saucier	properNoun	fra
anilhada	noun	oci	hennissement	noun	fra
XXV	numeral	oci	XXVème	adjective	fra
XXV	numeral	oci	XXVe	adjective	fra
desorientacion	noun	oci	désorientation	noun	fra
estilistica	noun	oci	stylistique	noun	fra
sensible	adjective	oci	sensible	adjective	fra
Seoane	properNoun	oci	Seoane	properNoun	fra
Hinojosa	properNoun	oci	Hinojosa	properNoun	fra
passionat	noun	oci	passionné	noun	fra
conegut	noun	oci	connu	noun	fra
influir	verb	oci	influer	verb	fra
Doas Sèvras	properNoun	oci	Deux-Sèvres	properNoun	fra
fascista	noun	oci	fasciste	noun	fra
obstinat	adjective	oci	obstiné	adjective	fra
Lanas	properNoun	oci	Landes	properNoun	fra
tractar	verb	oci	agir	verb	fra
tractar	verb	oci	tâcher	verb	fra
tractar	verb	oci	traiter	verb	fra
tractar	verb	oci	accuser	verb	fra
Carbonell	properNoun	oci	Carbonell	properNoun	fra
racionalisme	noun	oci	rationalisme	noun	fra
Rougeau	properNoun	oci	Rougeau	properNoun	fra
Papoa-Nòva Guinèa	properNoun	oci	Papouasie-Nouvelle-Guinée	properNoun	fra
orientar	verb	oci	orienter	verb	fra
orientar	verb	oci	axer	verb	fra
orientar	verb	oci	aiguiller	verb	fra
relegir	verb	oci	relire	verb	fra
embastardiment	noun	oci	abâtardissement	noun	fra
Schnider	properNoun	oci	Schnider	properNoun	fra
Rothbard	properNoun	oci	Rothbard	properNoun	fra
capairon	noun	oci	chaperon	noun	fra
acarniment	noun	oci	acharnement	noun	fra
Oller	properNoun	oci	Oller	properNoun	fra
aligat	adjective	oci	allié	adjective	fra
collèga	noun	oci	collègue	noun	fra
esclafar	verb	oci	étoiler	verb	fra
esclafar	verb	oci	lancer	verb	fra
esclafar	verb	oci	écraser	verb	fra
javelina	noun	oci	javelot	noun	fra
problematic	adjective	oci	problématique	adjective	fra
Dodge	properNoun	oci	Dodge	properNoun	fra
plenipotenciari	noun	oci	plénipotentiaire	noun	fra
anemograf	noun	oci	anémomètre	noun	fra
anemograf	noun	oci	anémographe	noun	fra
immigrant	noun	oci	immigrant	noun	fra
Carrión	properNoun	oci	Carrión	properNoun	fra
escurzir	verb	oci	foncer	verb	fra
Lafricain	properNoun	oci	Lafricain	properNoun	fra
Galisteo	properNoun	oci	Galisteo	properNoun	fra
Ronda	properNoun	oci	Ronda	properNoun	fra
electron	noun	oci	électron	noun	fra
bronzar	verb	oci	bronzer	verb	fra
Mussolini	properNoun	oci	Mussolini	properNoun	fra
mentre	subordinatingConjunction	oci	tandis que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
criminalament	adverb	oci	criminellement	adverb	fra
Gelpí	properNoun	oci	Gelpí	properNoun	fra
estructura	noun	oci	structure	noun	fra
inacceptable	adjective	oci	inacceptable	adjective	fra
King	properNoun	oci	King	properNoun	fra
Reixach	properNoun	oci	Reixach	properNoun	fra
Lo Iacono	properNoun	oci	Lo Iacono	properNoun	fra
contèxte	noun	oci	contexte	noun	fra
isotòp	adjective	oci	isotope	adjective	fra
Stafford	properNoun	oci	Stafford	properNoun	fra
Risueño	properNoun	oci	Risueño	properNoun	fra
Sáenz	properNoun	oci	Sáenz	properNoun	fra
introspeccion	noun	oci	introspection	noun	fra
governador	noun	oci	gouverneur	noun	fra
oxigenar	verb	oci	oxygéner	verb	fra
denièr	noun	oci	denier	noun	fra
Laliberté	properNoun	oci	Laliberté	properNoun	fra
Godard	properNoun	oci	Godard	properNoun	fra
guidatge	noun	oci	guidage	noun	fra
XVIII	numeral	oci	XVIII	numeral	fra
XVIII	numeral	oci	XVIIIème	adjective	fra
XVIII	numeral	oci	XVIIIe	adjective	fra
alena	noun	oci	alène	noun	fra
Ronsard	properNoun	oci	Ronsard	properNoun	fra
borgés	noun	oci	bourgeois	noun	fra
Corinne	properNoun	oci	Corinne	properNoun	fra
Pierron	properNoun	oci	Pierron	properNoun	fra
tomata	noun	oci	tomate	noun	fra
environ	noun	oci	environ	noun	fra
cavòt	noun	oci	caveau	noun	fra
conciliacion	noun	oci	conciliation	noun	fra
endurar	verb	oci	endurer	verb	fra
Shaw	properNoun	oci	Shaw	properNoun	fra
Isabel	properNoun	oci	Isabel	properNoun	fra
Lanneville	properNoun	oci	Lanneville	properNoun	fra
Rogièr	properNoun	oci	Rogièr	properNoun	fra
Rogièr	properNoun	oci	Roger	properNoun	fra
govèrn	noun	oci	gouvernement	noun	fra
fasa	noun	oci	phase	noun	fra
McWhirter	properNoun	oci	McWhirter	properNoun	fra
zefir	noun	oci	zéphyr	noun	fra
Nassif	properNoun	oci	Nassif	properNoun	fra
St-Gelais	properNoun	oci	St-Gelais	properNoun	fra
Sancho	properNoun	oci	Sancho	properNoun	fra
Fumado	properNoun	oci	Fumado	properNoun	fra
proscriure	verb	oci	proscrire	verb	fra
quinina	noun	oci	quinine	noun	fra
Mocholí	properNoun	oci	Mocholí	properNoun	fra
promòir	verb	oci	promouvoir	verb	fra
balajum	noun	oci	balayure	noun	fra
Marlowe	properNoun	oci	Marlowe	properNoun	fra
pr'amor que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	car	subordinatingConjunction	fra
pr'amor que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	puisque	subordinatingConjunction	fra
pr'amor que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	parce que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
pr'amor que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	à cause que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Bérégovoy	properNoun	oci	Bérégovoy	properNoun	fra
Vandette	properNoun	oci	Vandette	properNoun	fra
Safa	properNoun	oci	Safa	properNoun	fra
encendiari	adjective	oci	incendiaire	adjective	fra
Nicosia	properNoun	oci	Nicosie	properNoun	fra
Betit	properNoun	oci	Betit	properNoun	fra
Mark	properNoun	oci	Mark	properNoun	fra
sucre	noun	oci	sucre	noun	fra
Provença-Aups-Còsta d'Azur	properNoun	oci	Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur	properNoun	fra
titular	adjective	oci	titulaire	adjective	fra
angiologia	noun	oci	angiologie	noun	fra
Donais	properNoun	oci	Donais	properNoun	fra
confident	noun	oci	confident	noun	fra
descobrir	verb	oci	dépister	verb	fra
descobrir	verb	oci	découvrir	verb	fra
descobrir	verb	oci	déceler	verb	fra
Calce	properNoun	oci	Calce	properNoun	fra
Ubach	properNoun	oci	Ubach	properNoun	fra
Bluteau	properNoun	oci	Bluteau	properNoun	fra
politician	adjective	oci	politicien	adjective	fra
Belhumeur	properNoun	oci	Belhumeur	properNoun	fra
esmendar	verb	oci	amender	verb	fra
estratosfèra	noun	oci	stratosphère	noun	fra
Uriz	properNoun	oci	Uriz	properNoun	fra
expausat	adjective	oci	exposé	adjective	fra
escupir	verb	oci	cracher	verb	fra
degrà	noun	oci	marche	noun	fra
degrà	noun	oci	degré	noun	fra
Calero	properNoun	oci	Calero	properNoun	fra
Maine e Léger	properNoun	oci	Maine-et-Loire	properNoun	fra
Puccini	properNoun	oci	Puccini	properNoun	fra
Boisselle	properNoun	oci	Boisselle	properNoun	fra
van den Burg	properNoun	oci	van den Burg	properNoun	fra
Hecht	properNoun	oci	Hecht	properNoun	fra
barrar	verb	oci	barrer	verb	fra
barrar	verb	oci	fermer	verb	fra
MacNamara	properNoun	oci	MacNamara	properNoun	fra
signatari	noun	oci	signataire	noun	fra
aluminós	adjective	oci	alumineux	adjective	fra
ucraïnian	noun	oci	ukrainien	noun	fra
ucraïnian	noun	oci	Ukrainien	noun	fra
ninfa	noun	oci	nymphe	noun	fra
robust	adjective	oci	robuste	adjective	fra
experimentar	verb	oci	éprouver	verb	fra
experimentar	verb	oci	expérimenter	verb	fra
Alexandria	properNoun	oci	Alexandrie	properNoun	fra
Alexandria	properNoun	oci	Alexandria	properNoun	fra
Mequish	properNoun	oci	Mequish	properNoun	fra
abatut	adjective	oci	abattu	adjective	fra
agrèvol	noun	oci	houx	noun	fra
Vènus	properNoun	oci	Vénus	properNoun	fra
Vènus	properNoun	oci	Venus	properNoun	fra
Rioux	properNoun	oci	Rioux	properNoun	fra
actualizar	verb	oci	actualiser	verb	fra
actualizar	verb	oci	mettre à jour	verb	fra
Edo	properNoun	oci	Edo	properNoun	fra
Molotov	properNoun	oci	Molotov	properNoun	fra
gleva	noun	oci	motte	noun	fra
Airbus	properNoun	oci	Airbus	properNoun	fra
Mindanao	properNoun	oci	Mindanao	properNoun	fra
Pietroniro	properNoun	oci	Pietroniro	properNoun	fra
Oligny	properNoun	oci	Oligny	properNoun	fra
mango	noun	oci	mangue	noun	fra
carbòni	noun	oci	carbone	noun	fra
grossesa	noun	oci	grossesse	noun	fra
Riera	properNoun	oci	Riera	properNoun	fra
Iemèn	properNoun	oci	Yémen	properNoun	fra
absténer	verb	oci	abstenir	verb	fra
Kurnikova	properNoun	oci	Kournikova	properNoun	fra
Kurnikova	properNoun	oci	Kurnikova	properNoun	fra
Orivé	properNoun	oci	Orivé	properNoun	fra
Létourneau	properNoun	oci	Létourneau	properNoun	fra
Ritchie	properNoun	oci	Ritchie	properNoun	fra
Plasse	properNoun	oci	Plasse	properNoun	fra
Montarroso	properNoun	oci	Montarroso	properNoun	fra
apolitic	adjective	oci	apolitique	adjective	fra
bestiesa	noun	oci	bêtise	noun	fra
bestiesa	noun	oci	gaudriole	noun	fra
demagogic	adjective	oci	démagogique	adjective	fra
Elkabbach	properNoun	oci	Elkabbach	properNoun	fra
Llabería	properNoun	oci	Llabería	properNoun	fra
ombrejar	verb	oci	ombrager	verb	fra
Osorio	properNoun	oci	Osorio	properNoun	fra
Mimi	properNoun	oci	Mimi	properNoun	fra
Camps	properNoun	oci	Camps	properNoun	fra
Sisquella	properNoun	oci	Sisquella	properNoun	fra
anhèl	noun	oci	agneau	noun	fra
interminable	adjective	oci	interminable	adjective	fra
emigrar	verb	oci	émigrer	verb	fra
Lemonnier	properNoun	oci	Lemonnier	properNoun	fra
Foster	properNoun	oci	Foster	properNoun	fra
taliban	noun	oci	taliban	noun	fra
Francas	properNoun	oci	Francas	properNoun	fra
de fil en veta	adverb	oci	de fil en aiguille	adverb	fra
monetizar	verb	oci	monétiser	verb	fra
Mckay	properNoun	oci	Mckay	properNoun	fra
Tubman	properNoun	oci	Tubman	properNoun	fra
vint-e-dos	numeral	oci	vingt-deux	numeral	fra
restrictivitat	noun	oci	restrictivité	noun	fra
assignat	adjective	oci	assigné	adjective	fra
Carayol	properNoun	oci	Carayol	properNoun	fra
imperceptible	adjective	oci	imperceptible	adjective	fra
ergonomia	noun	oci	ergonomie	noun	fra
Lamborghini	properNoun	oci	Lamborghini	properNoun	fra
Tapp	properNoun	oci	Tapp	properNoun	fra
delimitar	verb	oci	délimiter	verb	fra
causa	noun	oci	chose	noun	fra
causa	noun	oci	cause	noun	fra
causa	noun	oci	raison	noun	fra
José Luis	properNoun	oci	José Luis	properNoun	fra
Lilian	properNoun	oci	Lilian	properNoun	fra
prepoténcia	noun	oci	prépotence	noun	fra
Guillette	properNoun	oci	Guillette	properNoun	fra
serpentifòrme	adjective	oci	serpentiforme	adjective	fra
enervar	verb	oci	énerver	verb	fra
pedalar	verb	oci	pédaler	verb	fra
ragàs	noun	oci	rustre	noun	fra
Korsakov	properNoun	oci	Korsakov	properNoun	fra
Girol	properNoun	oci	Girol	properNoun	fra
von Schlegel	properNoun	oci	von Schlegel	properNoun	fra
von Hötzendorf	properNoun	oci	von Hötzendorf	properNoun	fra
Nistelrooy	properNoun	oci	Nistelrooy	properNoun	fra
bicicleta	noun	oci	bicyclette	noun	fra
regnar	verb	oci	régner	verb	fra
Gibbons	properNoun	oci	Gibbons	properNoun	fra
perjudicar	verb	oci	nuire	verb	fra
perjudicar	verb	oci	léser	verb	fra
Clouston	properNoun	oci	Clouston	properNoun	fra
incorreccion	noun	oci	incorrection	noun	fra
Joya	properNoun	oci	Joya	properNoun	fra
Curado	properNoun	oci	Curado	properNoun	fra
von Schlosser	properNoun	oci	von Schlosser	properNoun	fra
Amzallag	properNoun	oci	Amzallag	properNoun	fra
afebrir	verb	oci	enfiévrer	verb	fra
ofensiva	noun	oci	offensive	noun	fra
Akhter	properNoun	oci	Akhter	properNoun	fra
distanciacion	noun	oci	distanciation	noun	fra
singaporian	adjective	oci	singapourien	adjective	fra
Moniz	properNoun	oci	Moniz	properNoun	fra
esbocinar	verb	oci	catastropher	verb	fra
esbocinar	verb	oci	ravager	verb	fra
tuachin	noun	oci	colchique	noun	fra
Dufort	properNoun	oci	Dufort	properNoun	fra
Brouillard	properNoun	oci	Brouillard	properNoun	fra
boxaire	noun	oci	boxeur	noun	fra
Peñalba	properNoun	oci	Peñalba	properNoun	fra
Gárate	properNoun	oci	Gárate	properNoun	fra
grafi	noun	oci	greffe	noun	fra
Londoño	properNoun	oci	Londoño	properNoun	fra
repartir	verb	oci	répartir	verb	fra
en	preposition	oci	en	preposition	fra
en	preposition	oci	ès	preposition	fra
en	preposition	oci	chez	preposition	fra
pescador	noun	oci	pêcheur	noun	fra
sèrbe	adjective	oci	serbe	adjective	fra
Bullfrog	properNoun	oci	Bullfrog	properNoun	fra
Baldeh	properNoun	oci	Baldeh	properNoun	fra
incomoditat	noun	oci	incommodité	noun	fra
Lamarca	properNoun	oci	Lamarca	properNoun	fra
quatre cents	numeral	oci	quatre-cent	numeral	fra
quatre cents	numeral	oci	quatre cent	numeral	fra
Pedregosa	properNoun	oci	Pedregosa	properNoun	fra
grèvament	adverb	oci	grièvement	adverb	fra
grèvament	adverb	oci	gravement	adverb	fra
Desjardins	properNoun	oci	Desjardins	properNoun	fra
naut	adverb	oci	haut	adverb	fra
naut	adverb	oci	en dessus	adverb	fra
naut	adverb	oci	en haut	adverb	fra
fornisseire	noun	oci	fournisseur	noun	fra
desqualificar	verb	oci	disqualifier	verb	fra
Rodrigue	properNoun	oci	Rodrigue	properNoun	fra
Planells	properNoun	oci	Planells	properNoun	fra
reinventar	verb	oci	réinventer	verb	fra
Mediterranèa	properNoun	oci	Méditerranée	properNoun	fra
optimista	noun	oci	optimiste	noun	fra
Salafranca	properNoun	oci	Salafranca	properNoun	fra
Botía	properNoun	oci	Botía	properNoun	fra
Verne	properNoun	oci	Verne	properNoun	fra
Jillian	properNoun	oci	Jillian	properNoun	fra
auscultar	verb	oci	ausculter	verb	fra
bionic	adjective	oci	bionique	adjective	fra
Aguera	properNoun	oci	Aguera	properNoun	fra
modernizar	verb	oci	moderniser	verb	fra
confóner	verb	oci	tromper	verb	fra
confóner	verb	oci	confondre	verb	fra
polièdre	noun	oci	polyèdre	noun	fra
vosautris	pronoun	oci	vous	pronoun	fra
inactinic	adjective	oci	inactinique	adjective	fra
tà dauant	adverb	oci	avant	adverb	fra
definir	verb	oci	définir	verb	fra
inesperat	adjective	oci	inespéré	adjective	fra
inesperat	adjective	oci	inattendu	adjective	fra
Gort	properNoun	oci	Gort	properNoun	fra
emorragia	noun	oci	hémorragie	noun	fra
Gauthier	properNoun	oci	Gauthier	properNoun	fra
per abitant	adverb	oci	par habitant	adverb	fra
Higuera	properNoun	oci	Higuera	properNoun	fra
gèn	noun	oci	gène	noun	fra
Jalbert	properNoun	oci	Jalbert	properNoun	fra
DOGC	noun	oci	DOGC	noun	fra
consacrar	verb	oci	consacrer	verb	fra
soma	noun	oci	somme	noun	fra
soma	noun	oci	addition	noun	fra
Romay	properNoun	oci	Romay	properNoun	fra
Urías	properNoun	oci	Urías	properNoun	fra
Migneault	properNoun	oci	Migneault	properNoun	fra
dètz-e-nòu	numeral	oci	dix-neuf	numeral	fra
estrategicament	adverb	oci	stratégiquement	adverb	fra
Arkotxa	properNoun	oci	Arkotxa	properNoun	fra
Cobos	properNoun	oci	Cobos	properNoun	fra
dos Santos	properNoun	oci	dos Santos	properNoun	fra
tòrcer	verb	oci	tordre	verb	fra
tòrcer	verb	oci	corder	verb	fra
tòrcer	verb	oci	fausser	verb	fra
Bernades	properNoun	oci	Bernades	properNoun	fra
militant	adjective	oci	militant	adjective	fra
angoisha	noun	oci	détresse	noun	fra
angoisha	noun	oci	angoisse	noun	fra
desfasatge	noun	oci	déphasage	noun	fra
95n	adjective	oci	95ème	adjective	fra
Babin	properNoun	oci	Babin	properNoun	fra
Jocelyne	properNoun	oci	Jocelyne	properNoun	fra
Cusidó	properNoun	oci	Cusidó	properNoun	fra
Demirdjian	properNoun	oci	Demirdjian	properNoun	fra
interpausar	verb	oci	interposer	verb	fra
pintorlaire	noun	oci	rapin	noun	fra
Markina	properNoun	oci	Markina	properNoun	fra
Lalo	properNoun	oci	Lalo	properNoun	fra
entomologista	noun	oci	entomologiste	noun	fra
Kahan	properNoun	oci	Kahan	properNoun	fra
folcloric	adjective	oci	folklorique	adjective	fra
Moure	properNoun	oci	Moure	properNoun	fra
Cruz	properNoun	oci	Cruz	properNoun	fra
inveterat	adjective	oci	invétéré	adjective	fra
arqueologic	adjective	oci	archéologique	adjective	fra
a grands refòrts de	preposition	oci	à grand renfort de	preposition	fra
fertilitat	noun	oci	fertilité	noun	fra
pelena	noun	oci	gazon	noun	fra
estaca	noun	oci	laisse	noun	fra
taula	noun	oci	table	noun	fra
taula	noun	oci	planche	noun	fra
au calabrun	adverb	oci	au crépuscule	adverb	fra
Moldovan	properNoun	oci	Moldovan	properNoun	fra
nevar	verb	oci	neiger	verb	fra
ailamondaut	adverb	oci	là-haut	adverb	fra
Clua	properNoun	oci	Clua	properNoun	fra
Crevier	properNoun	oci	Crevier	properNoun	fra
barri	noun	oci	rempart	noun	fra
barri	noun	oci	quartier	noun	fra
barri	noun	oci	banlieue	noun	fra
barri	noun	oci	faubourg	noun	fra
ongrés	adjective	oci	hongrois	adjective	fra
trabalhista	adjective	oci	travailliste	adjective	fra
ventilator	noun	oci	ventilateur	noun	fra
Vincelli	properNoun	oci	Vincelli	properNoun	fra
Cheng	properNoun	oci	Cheng	properNoun	fra
Latour	properNoun	oci	Latour	properNoun	fra
Garrigós	properNoun	oci	Garrigós	properNoun	fra
gèl	noun	oci	gel	noun	fra
Raxoi	properNoun	oci	Raxoi	properNoun	fra
autre	adjective	oci	autre	adjective	fra
Comi	properNoun	oci	Comi	properNoun	fra
escriure	verb	oci	écrire	verb	fra
robòt	noun	oci	robot	noun	fra
Prada	properNoun	oci	Prada	properNoun	fra
television	noun	oci	télévision	noun	fra
television	noun	oci	télé	noun	fra
incomplet	adjective	oci	incomplet	adjective	fra
Solis	properNoun	oci	Solis	properNoun	fra
sant	noun	oci	saint	noun	fra
operador	noun	oci	opérateur	noun	fra
enclutge	noun	oci	enclume	noun	fra
Desjean	properNoun	oci	Desjean	properNoun	fra
obstruccion	noun	oci	obstruction	noun	fra
serenada	noun	oci	sérénade	noun	fra
Closas	properNoun	oci	Closas	properNoun	fra
Riesco	properNoun	oci	Riesco	properNoun	fra
Andresen	properNoun	oci	Andresen	properNoun	fra
proliferar	verb	oci	proliférer	verb	fra
Auckland	properNoun	oci	Auckland	properNoun	fra
Osvald	properNoun	oci	Osvald	properNoun	fra
timorés	adjective	oci	timorais	adjective	fra
convencion	noun	oci	convention	noun	fra
Redo	properNoun	oci	Redo	properNoun	fra
escudèla	noun	oci	assiette	noun	fra
cereala	noun	oci	céréale	noun	fra
encisa	noun	oci	col	noun	fra
capitada	noun	oci	réussite	noun	fra
decrèt	noun	oci	décret	noun	fra
decrèt	noun	oci	arrêté	noun	fra
XX	numeral	oci	XX	numeral	fra
XX	numeral	oci	XXème	adjective	fra
XX	numeral	oci	XXe	adjective	fra
sièis	numeral	oci	six	numeral	fra
a la diferéncia de	preposition	oci	à l'opposé de	preposition	fra
Douste	properNoun	oci	Douste	properNoun	fra
endocrinologia	noun	oci	endocrinologie	noun	fra
censor	noun	oci	censeur	noun	fra
prosopografia	noun	oci	prosopographie	noun	fra
Beauvoir	properNoun	oci	Beauvoir	properNoun	fra
portada	noun	oci	portée	noun	fra
listron	noun	oci	latte	noun	fra
Malatesta	properNoun	oci	Malatesta	properNoun	fra
Piriz	properNoun	oci	Piriz	properNoun	fra
Rick	properNoun	oci	Rick	properNoun	fra
catalanofòn	adjective	oci	catalanophone	adjective	fra
Seuba	properNoun	oci	Seuba	properNoun	fra
marguilièr	noun	oci	marguillier	noun	fra
reformisme	noun	oci	réformisme	noun	fra
trama	noun	oci	trame	noun	fra
trama	noun	oci	intrigue	noun	fra
papa	noun	oci	pape	noun	fra
Philémon	properNoun	oci	Philémon	properNoun	fra
aculturacion	noun	oci	acculturation	noun	fra
qualificatiu	adjective	oci	qualificatif	adjective	fra
pretension	noun	oci	prétention	noun	fra
ossamenta	noun	oci	squelette	noun	fra
Toro	properNoun	oci	Toro	properNoun	fra
Fernandez	properNoun	oci	Fernandez	properNoun	fra
Peterkin	properNoun	oci	Peterkin	properNoun	fra
similar	adjective	oci	similaire	adjective	fra
paraf	noun	oci	paraphe	noun	fra
a biais de	preposition	oci	en guise de	preposition	fra
fotbòl	noun	oci	football	noun	fra
fotbòl	noun	oci	foot	noun	fra
caricaturista	noun	oci	caricaturiste	noun	fra
Martin	properNoun	oci	Martin	properNoun	fra
error	noun	oci	erreur	noun	fra
Ferrari	properNoun	oci	Ferrari	properNoun	fra
Madrona	properNoun	oci	Madrona	properNoun	fra
Cypihot	properNoun	oci	Cypihot	properNoun	fra
Abelló	properNoun	oci	Abelló	properNoun	fra
can	noun	oci	chien	noun	fra
qualque	adverb	oci	quelque	adverb	fra
molin	noun	oci	moulin	noun	fra
Philippa	properNoun	oci	Philippa	properNoun	fra
Vanuatu	properNoun	oci	Vanuatu	properNoun	fra
Delors	properNoun	oci	Delors	properNoun	fra
Tristany	properNoun	oci	Tristany	properNoun	fra
Sogas	properNoun	oci	Sogas	properNoun	fra
Nogués	properNoun	oci	Nogués	properNoun	fra
reünificar	verb	oci	réunifier	verb	fra
possedir	verb	oci	posséder	verb	fra
sinergia	noun	oci	synergie	noun	fra
redefinicion	noun	oci	redéfinition	noun	fra
Recasens	properNoun	oci	Recasens	properNoun	fra
Cotton	properNoun	oci	Cotton	properNoun	fra
Grossman	properNoun	oci	Grossman	properNoun	fra
Clavaguera	properNoun	oci	Clavaguera	properNoun	fra
Chiquita	properNoun	oci	Chiquita	properNoun	fra
Brennan	properNoun	oci	Brennan	properNoun	fra
Lheureux	properNoun	oci	Lheureux	properNoun	fra
Casaus	properNoun	oci	Casaus	properNoun	fra
escavena	noun	oci	asticot	noun	fra
escavena	noun	oci	appât	noun	fra
objeccion	noun	oci	objection	noun	fra
Turbide	properNoun	oci	Turbide	properNoun	fra
Rizzi	properNoun	oci	Rizzi	properNoun	fra
document	noun	oci	document	noun	fra
Reich	properNoun	oci	Reich	properNoun	fra
Bradette	properNoun	oci	Bradette	properNoun	fra
verificatiu	adjective	oci	vérificatif	adjective	fra
Boursiquot	properNoun	oci	Boursiquot	properNoun	fra
remarcable	adjective	oci	remarquable	adjective	fra
remarcable	adjective	oci	prononcé	adjective	fra
Fara	properNoun	oci	Fara	properNoun	fra
Cecilia	properNoun	oci	Cecilia	properNoun	fra
exorcisme	noun	oci	exorcisme	noun	fra
Mason	properNoun	oci	Mason	properNoun	fra
Hughes	properNoun	oci	Hughes	properNoun	fra
Simón	properNoun	oci	Simón	properNoun	fra
impetuositat	noun	oci	impétuosité	noun	fra
ductilitat	noun	oci	ducilité	noun	fra
ductilitat	noun	oci	ductilité	noun	fra
expausant	adjective	oci	exposant	adjective	fra
privatizar	verb	oci	privatiser	verb	fra
von Isser	properNoun	oci	von Isser	properNoun	fra
Ares	properNoun	oci	Ares	properNoun	fra
Gasse	properNoun	oci	Gasse	properNoun	fra
Rotland	properNoun	oci	Roland	properNoun	fra
Rotland	properNoun	oci	Rotland	properNoun	fra
Bertolín	properNoun	oci	Bertolín	properNoun	fra
filogenetic	adjective	oci	phylétique	adjective	fra
filogenetic	adjective	oci	phylogénétique	adjective	fra
Ardanza	properNoun	oci	Ardanza	properNoun	fra
abelian	adjective	oci	abélien	adjective	fra
efectiu	noun	oci	effectif	noun	fra
aleatòriament	adverb	oci	aléatoirement	adverb	fra
Breton	properNoun	oci	Breton	properNoun	fra
lòna	noun	oci	lagune	noun	fra
baiardièr	noun	oci	brancardier	noun	fra
alemanic	adjective	oci	alémanique	adjective	fra
artesan	adjective	oci	artisan	adjective	fra
Bright	properNoun	oci	Bright	properNoun	fra
recapitulacion	noun	oci	récapitulation	noun	fra
conferéncia	noun	oci	conférence	noun	fra
conferéncia	noun	oci	assise	noun	fra
redusir	verb	oci	réduire	verb	fra
vòl	noun	oci	vol	noun	fra
Puigoriol	properNoun	oci	Puigoriol	properNoun	fra
Boté	properNoun	oci	Boté	properNoun	fra
abís	noun	oci	abysse	noun	fra
utilizable	adjective	oci	utilisable	adjective	fra
Creixell	properNoun	oci	Creixell	properNoun	fra
Agirrezabala	properNoun	oci	Agirrezabala	properNoun	fra
catolicisme	noun	oci	catholicisme	noun	fra
Camino	properNoun	oci	Camino	properNoun	fra
beneficiar	verb	oci	bénéficier	verb	fra
irreparable	adjective	oci	irréparable	adjective	fra
estatsunidenc	noun	oci	Américain	noun	fra
moscovita	adjective	oci	moscovite	adjective	fra
federalisme	noun	oci	fédéralisme	noun	fra
Yáñez	properNoun	oci	Yáñez	properNoun	fra
Fronteddu	properNoun	oci	Fronteddu	properNoun	fra
comissariat	noun	oci	commissariat	noun	fra
confinar	verb	oci	confiner	verb	fra
von Bernadette	properNoun	oci	von Bernadette	properNoun	fra
America latina	properNoun	oci	Amérique latine	properNoun	fra
cavala	noun	oci	jument	noun	fra
getar	noun	oci	lancer	noun	fra
London	properNoun	oci	London	properNoun	fra
interrogacion	noun	oci	interrogation	noun	fra
Messenger	properNoun	oci	Messenger	properNoun	fra
cinquanten	noun	oci	cinquantième	noun	fra
crucific	noun	oci	crucifix	noun	fra
gropuscul	noun	oci	groupuscule	noun	fra
Viveiros	properNoun	oci	Viveiros	properNoun	fra
Chekhov	properNoun	oci	Tchekhov	properNoun	fra
V	numeral	oci	Ve	adjective	fra
V	numeral	oci	Vème	adjective	fra
V	numeral	oci	V	numeral	fra
Moncayo	properNoun	oci	Moncayo	properNoun	fra
mariologia	noun	oci	mariologie	noun	fra
reconduire	verb	oci	reconduire	verb	fra
Madera	properNoun	oci	Madera	properNoun	fra
comptable	adjective	oci	comptable	adjective	fra
Han	properNoun	oci	Han	properNoun	fra
Kronecker	properNoun	oci	Kronecker	properNoun	fra
vertadièr	adjective	oci	vrai	adjective	fra
baudròia	noun	oci	baudroie	noun	fra
penchinar	verb	oci	peigner	verb	fra
basuto	noun	oci	Lésothien	noun	fra
basuto	noun	oci	Lésothan	noun	fra
Odette	properNoun	oci	Odette	properNoun	fra
contrada	noun	oci	comarque	noun	fra
contrada	noun	oci	contrée	noun	fra
Rendon	properNoun	oci	Rendon	properNoun	fra
cortés	adjective	oci	courtois	adjective	fra
cortés	adjective	oci	poli	adjective	fra
afoliment	noun	oci	affolement	noun	fra
bramavaca	noun	oci	colchique	noun	fra
Cugat	properNoun	oci	Cugat	properNoun	fra
Pullman	properNoun	oci	Pullman	properNoun	fra
generic	adjective	oci	générique	adjective	fra
muscle	noun	oci	moule	noun	fra
muscle	noun	oci	muscle	noun	fra
Gámez	properNoun	oci	Gámez	properNoun	fra
lagon	noun	oci	lagon	noun	fra
desempuèi	preposition	oci	depuis	preposition	fra
Montalban	properNoun	oci	Montauban	properNoun	fra
von Kármán	properNoun	oci	von Kármán	properNoun	fra
ponhat	noun	oci	poignée	noun	fra
Segado	properNoun	oci	Segado	properNoun	fra
sossòl	noun	oci	sous-sol	noun	fra
provisòriament	adverb	oci	provisoirement	adverb	fra
estreit	adjective	oci	étroit	adjective	fra
cervèl	noun	oci	cerveau	noun	fra
Mende	properNoun	oci	Mende	properNoun	fra
lexic	adjective	oci	lexique	adjective	fra
vaccinar	verb	oci	vacciner	verb	fra
Letizia	properNoun	oci	Letizia	properNoun	fra
torrent	noun	oci	torrent	noun	fra
Botella	properNoun	oci	Botella	properNoun	fra
bocin	noun	oci	fragment	noun	fra
quiti a	preposition	oci	quitte à	preposition	fra
alucar	verb	oci	allumer	verb	fra
Issinbàieva	properNoun	oci	Issinbàieva	properNoun	fra
induire	verb	oci	induire	verb	fra
amplificacion	noun	oci	amplification	noun	fra
Hua	properNoun	oci	Hua	properNoun	fra
suedés	adjective	oci	suédois	adjective	fra
Demelo	properNoun	oci	Demelo	properNoun	fra
Ferrón	properNoun	oci	Ferrón	properNoun	fra
cajada	noun	oci	béquille	noun	fra
Labrada	properNoun	oci	Labrada	properNoun	fra
reclamacion	noun	oci	réclamation	noun	fra
Archambault	properNoun	oci	Archambault	properNoun	fra
Whittom	properNoun	oci	Whittom	properNoun	fra
Ricard	properNoun	oci	Ricard	properNoun	fra
Ricard	properNoun	oci	Richard	properNoun	fra
penda	noun	oci	côte	noun	fra
penda	noun	oci	pente	noun	fra
tropic	noun	oci	tropique	noun	fra
Campeny	properNoun	oci	Campeny	properNoun	fra
Normandia	properNoun	oci	Normandie	properNoun	fra
Bover	properNoun	oci	Bover	properNoun	fra
dinamica	noun	oci	dynamique	noun	fra
metropòli	noun	oci	métropole	noun	fra
retirar	verb	oci	retirer	verb	fra
Vallbona	properNoun	oci	Vallbona	properNoun	fra
Gaul	properNoun	oci	Gaul	properNoun	fra
invertebrat	adjective	oci	invertébré	adjective	fra
cinematic	adjective	oci	cinématique	adjective	fra
Harry	properNoun	oci	Harry	properNoun	fra
Lorient	properNoun	oci	Lorient	properNoun	fra
Urbán	properNoun	oci	Urbán	properNoun	fra
Polaris	properNoun	oci	Polaris	properNoun	fra
senescal	noun	oci	sénéchal	noun	fra
Massaguer	properNoun	oci	Massaguer	properNoun	fra
Camil	properNoun	oci	Camil	properNoun	fra
glaciari	adjective	oci	glaciaire	adjective	fra
Agirrezabalaga	properNoun	oci	Agirrezabalaga	properNoun	fra
Elkhoury	properNoun	oci	Elkhoury	properNoun	fra
impulsion	noun	oci	impulsion	noun	fra
Lamoureux	properNoun	oci	Lamoureux	properNoun	fra
MRA	noun	oci	MRA	noun	fra
messorguièr	adjective	oci	menteur	adjective	fra
messorguièr	adjective	oci	mensonger	adjective	fra
Bardají	properNoun	oci	Bardají	properNoun	fra
bromalh	noun	oci	nuage	noun	fra
logicament	adverb	oci	logiquement	adverb	fra
Arcas	properNoun	oci	Arcas	properNoun	fra
per	preposition	oci	pour	preposition	fra
per	preposition	oci	par	preposition	fra
Pernias	properNoun	oci	Pernias	properNoun	fra
Palop	properNoun	oci	Palop	properNoun	fra
Perelló	properNoun	oci	Perelló	properNoun	fra
Bates	properNoun	oci	Bates	properNoun	fra
Ròse	properNoun	oci	Rhône	properNoun	fra
abolicionista	noun	oci	abolitionniste	noun	fra
Kassem	properNoun	oci	Kassem	properNoun	fra
plaçar	verb	oci	caser	verb	fra
plaçar	verb	oci	placer	verb	fra
plaçar	verb	oci	convoquer	verb	fra
Sienna	properNoun	oci	Sienna	properNoun	fra
Burton	properNoun	oci	Burton	properNoun	fra
Azzi	properNoun	oci	Azzi	properNoun	fra
perforar	verb	oci	perforer	verb	fra
Valhadolid	properNoun	oci	Valladolid	properNoun	fra
Nolet	properNoun	oci	Nolet	properNoun	fra
reïmprimir	verb	oci	réimprimer	verb	fra
Papini	properNoun	oci	Papini	properNoun	fra
Cevalte	properNoun	oci	Cevalte	properNoun	fra
rasic	noun	oci	racine	noun	fra
Naval	properNoun	oci	Naval	properNoun	fra
edat mejana	noun	oci	moyen âge	noun	fra
quistaire	noun	oci	mendiant	noun	fra
agonizant	adjective	oci	agonisant	adjective	fra
Vaqué	properNoun	oci	Vaqué	properNoun	fra
Moratalla	properNoun	oci	Moratalla	properNoun	fra
Gillespie	properNoun	oci	Gillespie	properNoun	fra
Armendariz	properNoun	oci	Armendariz	properNoun	fra
traçat	noun	oci	tracé	noun	fra
aleugerir	verb	oci	alléger	verb	fra
fobia	noun	oci	phobie	noun	fra
teissièr	noun	oci	tisserand	noun	fra
Schlesinger	properNoun	oci	Schlesinger	properNoun	fra
Macián	properNoun	oci	Macián	properNoun	fra
rasonable	adjective	oci	raisonnable	adjective	fra
Foti	properNoun	oci	Foti	properNoun	fra
Solaris	properNoun	oci	Solaris	properNoun	fra
palm	noun	oci	empan	noun	fra
Neville	properNoun	oci	Neville	properNoun	fra
tenaç	adjective	oci	tenace	adjective	fra
electorat	noun	oci	électorat	noun	fra
autant	adverb	oci	tant	adverb	fra
autant	adverb	oci	aussi	adverb	fra
autant	adverb	oci	autant	adverb	fra
peptic	adjective	oci	peptique	adjective	fra
Stanley	properNoun	oci	Stanley	properNoun	fra
Samantha	properNoun	oci	Samantha	properNoun	fra
Casademont	properNoun	oci	Casademont	properNoun	fra
Vilaseca	properNoun	oci	Vilaseca	properNoun	fra
cogeta	noun	oci	courgette	noun	fra
ciclotorista	noun	oci	cyclotouriste	noun	fra
vila	noun	oci	cité	noun	fra
vila	noun	oci	villa	noun	fra
vila	noun	oci	ville	noun	fra
leninista	adjective	oci	léniniste	adjective	fra
engranièra	noun	oci	balai	noun	fra
riscat	adjective	oci	risqué	adjective	fra
listar	verb	oci	lister	verb	fra
miratge	noun	oci	mirage	noun	fra
quauquarrés	pronoun	oci	quelque chose	pronoun	fra
abocar	verb	oci	dumper	verb	fra
abocar	verb	oci	verser	verb	fra
abocar	verb	oci	aboucher	verb	fra
abocar	verb	oci	déboucher sur	verb	fra
Trotzkii	properNoun	oci	Trotski	properNoun	fra
naturalista	adjective	oci	naturaliste	adjective	fra
Ortín	properNoun	oci	Ortín	properNoun	fra
resultant	adjective	oci	résultant	adjective	fra
quilometric	adjective	oci	kilométrique	adjective	fra
metamorfisme	noun	oci	métamorphisme	noun	fra
tiratge	noun	oci	tirage	noun	fra
funèste	adjective	oci	funeste	adjective	fra
renauir	verb	oci	renouveler	verb	fra
BMW	properNoun	oci	BMW	properNoun	fra
Robeson	properNoun	oci	Robeson	properNoun	fra
ipodròm	noun	oci	hippodrome	noun	fra
estabilizacion	noun	oci	stabilisation	noun	fra
Santonja	properNoun	oci	Santonja	properNoun	fra
vesent	adjective	oci	voyant	adjective	fra
estenduda	noun	oci	étendue	noun	fra
Victorio	properNoun	oci	Victorio	properNoun	fra
Grierson	properNoun	oci	Grierson	properNoun	fra
meritocratic	adjective	oci	méritocratique	adjective	fra
frapar	verb	oci	frapper	verb	fra
acolada	noun	oci	accolade	noun	fra
Fosch	properNoun	oci	Fosch	properNoun	fra
afinatge	noun	oci	affinage	noun	fra
Basagaña	properNoun	oci	Basagaña	properNoun	fra
contravenir	verb	oci	contrevenir	verb	fra
Unique	properNoun	oci	Unique	properNoun	fra
a posteriori	adverb	oci	à posteriori	adverb	fra
a posteriori	adverb	oci	a posteriori	adverb	fra
Perich	properNoun	oci	Perich	properNoun	fra
plastre	noun	oci	plâtre	noun	fra
Sanglás	properNoun	oci	Sanglás	properNoun	fra
limitar	verb	oci	borner	verb	fra
limitar	verb	oci	limiter	verb	fra
Bragg	properNoun	oci	Bragg	properNoun	fra
depéner	verb	oci	dépendre	verb	fra
Morato	properNoun	oci	Morato	properNoun	fra
abac	noun	oci	abaque	noun	fra
fotosintetic	adjective	oci	photosynthétique	adjective	fra
per astre	adverb	oci	par hasard	adverb	fra
efectivament	adverb	oci	effectivement	adverb	fra
adreça	noun	oci	adresse	noun	fra
consideracion	noun	oci	considération	noun	fra
O'Grady	properNoun	oci	O'Grady	properNoun	fra
Faubert	properNoun	oci	Faubert	properNoun	fra
culpabilitat	noun	oci	culpabilité	noun	fra
Gillies	properNoun	oci	Gillies	properNoun	fra
vesog	noun	oci	serpe	noun	fra
Peitieus	properNoun	oci	Poitiers	properNoun	fra
torrom	noun	oci	touron	noun	fra
torrom	noun	oci	nougat	noun	fra
sèrva	noun	oci	réservoir	noun	fra
sèrva	noun	oci	réserve	noun	fra
europeisme	noun	oci	européisme	noun	fra
corpuscular	adjective	oci	corpusculaire	adjective	fra
Hayden	properNoun	oci	Hayden	properNoun	fra
Emudluk	properNoun	oci	Emudluk	properNoun	fra
Boudou	properNoun	oci	Boudou	properNoun	fra
cobèrta	noun	oci	couverture	noun	fra
cobèrta	noun	oci	bâche	noun	fra
mediador	noun	oci	médiateur	noun	fra
Retamal	properNoun	oci	Retamal	properNoun	fra
infrarog	adjective	oci	infrarouge	adjective	fra
exumacion	noun	oci	exhumation	noun	fra
sompa	noun	oci	flaque	noun	fra
alternator	noun	oci	alternateur	noun	fra
de	preposition	oci	de	preposition	fra
trionfalament	adverb	oci	triomphalement	adverb	fra
Alhucemas	properNoun	oci	Alhucemas	properNoun	fra
electricitat	noun	oci	électricité	noun	fra
gargalhòl	noun	oci	gorge	noun	fra
omnisciéncia	noun	oci	omniscience	noun	fra
San Juan	properNoun	oci	San Juan	properNoun	fra
Fontserè	properNoun	oci	Fontserè	properNoun	fra
carolingian	adjective	oci	carolingien	adjective	fra
Vilardebo	properNoun	oci	Vilardebo	properNoun	fra
Antonucci	properNoun	oci	Antonucci	properNoun	fra
Tatiana	properNoun	oci	Tatiana	properNoun	fra
omològue	adjective	oci	homologue	adjective	fra
trapar	verb	oci	trouver	verb	fra
defectuosament	adverb	oci	défectueusement	adverb	fra
Hiroshima	properNoun	oci	Hiroshima	properNoun	fra
Roxanne	properNoun	oci	Roxanne	properNoun	fra
Hydro	properNoun	oci	Hydro	properNoun	fra
singularament	adverb	oci	singulièrement	adverb	fra
accession	noun	oci	accession	noun	fra
Oldfield	properNoun	oci	Oldfield	properNoun	fra
Bachs	properNoun	oci	Bachs	properNoun	fra
semblable	adjective	oci	semblable	adjective	fra
Salichs	properNoun	oci	Salichs	properNoun	fra
gòi	adjective	oci	boiteux	adjective	fra
cònsol	noun	oci	maire	noun	fra
cònsol	noun	oci	consul	noun	fra
ENA	properNoun	oci	ENA	properNoun	fra
Estime	properNoun	oci	Estime	properNoun	fra
blond	noun	oci	blond	noun	fra
animalitat	noun	oci	animalité	noun	fra
clavelar	verb	oci	clouer	verb	fra
aborigèn	noun	oci	aborigène	noun	fra
Rankin	properNoun	oci	Rankin	properNoun	fra
Teodoro	properNoun	oci	Teodoro	properNoun	fra
Antigòna	properNoun	oci	Antigone	properNoun	fra
distrach	adjective	oci	distrait	adjective	fra
soletat	noun	oci	solitude	noun	fra
Berdún	properNoun	oci	Berdún	properNoun	fra
colèra	noun	oci	choléra	noun	fra
colèra	noun	oci	colère	noun	fra
emigrant	noun	oci	émigrant	noun	fra
Keane	properNoun	oci	Keane	properNoun	fra
Moseley	properNoun	oci	Moseley	properNoun	fra
gràcias a	preposition	oci	grâce à	preposition	fra
Alcover	properNoun	oci	Alcover	properNoun	fra
màfia	noun	oci	mafia	noun	fra
Barron	properNoun	oci	Barron	properNoun	fra
cefalizacion	noun	oci	céphalisation	noun	fra
normand	adjective	oci	normand	adjective	fra
aferèsi	noun	oci	aphérèse	noun	fra
Kim Jong-il	properNoun	oci	Kim Jong-il	properNoun	fra
léger	verb	oci	lire	verb	fra
Cutler	properNoun	oci	Cutler	properNoun	fra
desviar	verb	oci	infléchir	verb	fra
desviar	verb	oci	détourner	verb	fra
desviar	verb	oci	dévier	verb	fra
paleontologista	noun	oci	paléontologue	noun	fra
Walsh	properNoun	oci	Walsh	properNoun	fra
tant	adverb	oci	aussi	adverb	fra
tant	adverb	oci	si	adverb	fra
tant	adverb	oci	tant	adverb	fra
tant	adverb	oci	autant	adverb	fra
reaprovesiment	noun	oci	reapprovisionnement	noun	fra
sèrbi	adjective	oci	serbe	adjective	fra
viatjar	verb	oci	voyager	verb	fra
fada	noun	oci	fée	noun	fra
Casquero	properNoun	oci	Casquero	properNoun	fra
Barre	properNoun	oci	Barre	properNoun	fra
immigracion	noun	oci	immigration	noun	fra
abandonat	adjective	oci	abandonné	adjective	fra
cuol	noun	oci	cul	noun	fra
Loor	properNoun	oci	Loor	properNoun	fra
Champanha-Ardena	properNoun	oci	Champagne-Ardennes	properNoun	fra
Champanha-Ardena	properNoun	oci	Champagne-Ardenne	properNoun	fra
Millar	properNoun	oci	Millar	properNoun	fra
surfar	verb	oci	surfer	verb	fra
idronim	noun	oci	hydronyme	noun	fra
distension	noun	oci	distension	noun	fra
Lavigueur	properNoun	oci	Lavigueur	properNoun	fra
incorporacion	noun	oci	incorporation	noun	fra
Brindle	properNoun	oci	Brindle	properNoun	fra
Delaunais	properNoun	oci	Delaunais	properNoun	fra
indignitat	noun	oci	indignité	noun	fra
Singla	properNoun	oci	Singla	properNoun	fra
desca	noun	oci	panier	noun	fra
presentar	verb	oci	présenter	verb	fra
Goodman	properNoun	oci	Goodman	properNoun	fra
Villena	properNoun	oci	Villena	properNoun	fra
autorota	noun	oci	autoroute	noun	fra
veïcular	verb	oci	véhiculer	verb	fra
prudéncia	noun	oci	prudence	noun	fra
vespertin	noun	oci	gouter	noun	fra
vespertin	noun	oci	goûter	noun	fra
Narbona	properNoun	oci	Narbona	properNoun	fra
Narbona	properNoun	oci	Narbonne	properNoun	fra
XVI	numeral	oci	XVI	numeral	fra
XVI	numeral	oci	XVIe	adjective	fra
XVI	numeral	oci	XVIème	adjective	fra
Villarroel	properNoun	oci	Villarroel	properNoun	fra
fretament	noun	oci	frottement	noun	fra
Mallory	properNoun	oci	Mallory	properNoun	fra
Porter	properNoun	oci	Porter	properNoun	fra
Fowler	properNoun	oci	Fowler	properNoun	fra
prolific	adjective	oci	prolifique	adjective	fra
CEE	properNoun	oci	CEE	properNoun	fra
milhorar	verb	oci	améliorer	verb	fra
millisegonda	noun	oci	milliseconde	noun	fra
gabonés	noun	oci	Gabonais	noun	fra
deseme	noun	oci	décembre	noun	fra
Antonieta	properNoun	oci	Antonieta	properNoun	fra
Antonieta	properNoun	oci	Antoinette	properNoun	fra
plagiat	noun	oci	plagiat	noun	fra
via	noun	oci	voie	noun	fra
iga	noun	oci	fondrière	noun	fra
Armero	properNoun	oci	Armero	properNoun	fra
ailà	adverb	oci	par-là	adverb	fra
ailà	adverb	oci	là-bas	adverb	fra
ailà	adverb	oci	là	adverb	fra
Cambra	properNoun	oci	Cambra	properNoun	fra
Egèa	properNoun	oci	Égée	properNoun	fra
Ruiz i Garcia	properNoun	oci	Ruiz i Garcia	properNoun	fra
Columbia	properNoun	oci	Columbia	properNoun	fra
Electronic Arts	properNoun	oci	Electronic Arts	properNoun	fra
McBride	properNoun	oci	McBride	properNoun	fra
anglican	adjective	oci	anglican	adjective	fra
Corona	properNoun	oci	Corona	properNoun	fra
ilaritat	noun	oci	hilarité	noun	fra
fugitiu	noun	oci	fugitif	noun	fra
Pajín	properNoun	oci	Pajín	properNoun	fra
Reza	properNoun	oci	Reza	properNoun	fra
Eugenia	properNoun	oci	Eugenia	properNoun	fra
Sanpedrotarra	properNoun	oci	Sanpedrotarra	properNoun	fra
aubedir	verb	oci	obéir	verb	fra
darnièr	noun	oci	dernier	noun	fra
Esquinas	properNoun	oci	Esquinas	properNoun	fra
incommensurable	adjective	oci	incommensurable	adjective	fra
Carrillo	properNoun	oci	Carrillo	properNoun	fra
endoctrinar	verb	oci	endoctriner	verb	fra
Agata	properNoun	oci	Agata	properNoun	fra
Tallón	properNoun	oci	Tallón	properNoun	fra
anoxia	noun	oci	anoxie	noun	fra
desenant	adverb	oci	dorénavant	adverb	fra
desenant	adverb	oci	déjà	adverb	fra
desenant	adverb	oci	désormais	adverb	fra
saxofòn	noun	oci	saxophone	noun	fra
englobar	verb	oci	englober	verb	fra
Restrepo	properNoun	oci	Restrepo	properNoun	fra
Kadri	properNoun	oci	Kadri	properNoun	fra
Laveault	properNoun	oci	Laveault	properNoun	fra
termia	noun	oci	thermie	noun	fra
Aceituno	properNoun	oci	Aceituno	properNoun	fra
Ribeira	properNoun	oci	Ribeira	properNoun	fra
espectroscopia	noun	oci	spectroscopie	noun	fra
liturgic	adjective	oci	liturgique	adjective	fra
Gorina	properNoun	oci	Gorina	properNoun	fra
sarrat	adjective	oci	radin	adjective	fra
naturalizacion	noun	oci	naturalisation	noun	fra
instrument	noun	oci	instrument	noun	fra
Quinto	properNoun	oci	Quinto	properNoun	fra
Ratnam	properNoun	oci	Ratnam	properNoun	fra
UE	noun	oci	UE	noun	fra
Gervasi	properNoun	oci	Gervasi	properNoun	fra
Pearson	properNoun	oci	Pearson	properNoun	fra
Ascia	properNoun	oci	Ascia	properNoun	fra
Hasél	properNoun	oci	Hasél	properNoun	fra
masculinitat	noun	oci	masculinité	noun	fra
Macintosh	properNoun	oci	Macintosh	properNoun	fra
sedença	noun	oci	siège	noun	fra
Rosati	properNoun	oci	Rosati	properNoun	fra
Puchol	properNoun	oci	Puchol	properNoun	fra
flaütejar	verb	oci	jouer de la flûte	verb	fra
flaütejar	verb	oci	flûter	verb	fra
abastardiment	noun	oci	abâtardissement	noun	fra
Legros	properNoun	oci	Legros	properNoun	fra
patriòta	noun	oci	patriote	noun	fra
Santillana	properNoun	oci	Santillana	properNoun	fra
Trapero	properNoun	oci	Trapero	properNoun	fra
Ostiguy	properNoun	oci	Ostiguy	properNoun	fra
Tena	properNoun	oci	Tena	properNoun	fra
malnet	noun	oci	malpropre	noun	fra
entitat	noun	oci	entité	noun	fra
Poyato	properNoun	oci	Poyato	properNoun	fra
fresc	noun	oci	frais	noun	fra
forestièr	adjective	oci	forestier	adjective	fra
saturar	verb	oci	saturer	verb	fra
ensenhable	adjective	oci	enseignable	adjective	fra
cocut	noun	oci	coucou	noun	fra
Mulero	properNoun	oci	Mulero	properNoun	fra
aquí	adverb	oci	ici	adverb	fra
Lockhead	properNoun	oci	Lockhead	properNoun	fra
Mulot	properNoun	oci	Mulot	properNoun	fra
Bourdeau	properNoun	oci	Bourdeau	properNoun	fra
Netflix	properNoun	oci	Netflix	properNoun	fra
Forbes	properNoun	oci	Forbes	properNoun	fra
elicoptèr	noun	oci	hélicoptère	noun	fra
von Hotze	properNoun	oci	von Hotze	properNoun	fra
pluma	noun	oci	plume	noun	fra
sosgrop	noun	oci	sous-groupe	noun	fra
Lindh	properNoun	oci	Lindh	properNoun	fra
astrofisician	noun	oci	astrophysicien	noun	fra
Candela	properNoun	oci	Candela	properNoun	fra
Ocon	properNoun	oci	Ocon	properNoun	fra
Cebrià	properNoun	oci	Cebrià	properNoun	fra
recent	adjective	oci	récent	adjective	fra
àpia	noun	oci	hache	noun	fra
preexistent	adjective	oci	préexistant	adjective	fra
òrb	noun	oci	aveugle	noun	fra
FP	properNoun	oci	FP	properNoun	fra
Jonson	properNoun	oci	Jonson	properNoun	fra
Otal	properNoun	oci	Otal	properNoun	fra
prodigar	verb	oci	prodiguer	verb	fra
salariat	noun	oci	salarié	noun	fra
utilitari	adjective	oci	utilitaire	adjective	fra
Tabet	properNoun	oci	Tabet	properNoun	fra
abstraccion	noun	oci	abstraction	noun	fra
Labonville	properNoun	oci	Labonville	properNoun	fra
omogeneizacion	noun	oci	homogénéisation	noun	fra
Linux	properNoun	oci	Linux	properNoun	fra
Freixa	properNoun	oci	Freixa	properNoun	fra
Fequet	properNoun	oci	Fequet	properNoun	fra
Mejía	properNoun	oci	Mejía	properNoun	fra
pastissariá	noun	oci	pâtisserie	noun	fra
carlisme	noun	oci	carlisme	noun	fra
Guevara	properNoun	oci	Guevara	properNoun	fra
Rufino	properNoun	oci	Rufino	properNoun	fra
insonorizar	verb	oci	insonoriser	verb	fra
en consideracion de	preposition	oci	eu égard à	preposition	fra
sanccionar	verb	oci	sanctionner	verb	fra
somés	noun	oci	mamelle	noun	fra
Annett	properNoun	oci	Annett	properNoun	fra
Cunill	properNoun	oci	Cunill	properNoun	fra
Wii	properNoun	oci	Wii	properNoun	fra
inexacte	adjective	oci	inexact	adjective	fra
trait	adjective	oci	trait	adjective	fra
Establier	properNoun	oci	Establier	properNoun	fra
resòlver	verb	oci	résoudre	verb	fra
fonemic	adjective	oci	phonémique	adjective	fra
desirable	adjective	oci	souhaitable	adjective	fra
desirable	adjective	oci	désirable	adjective	fra
frontalament	adverb	oci	frontalement	adverb	fra
juxtapausar	verb	oci	juxtaposer	verb	fra
menaçant	adjective	oci	menaçant	adjective	fra
evorian	noun	oci	Ivoirien	noun	fra
Sabé	properNoun	oci	Sabé	properNoun	fra
Samoa Americana	properNoun	oci	Samoa américaines	properNoun	fra
46n	adjective	oci	46ème	adjective	fra
desgordit	adjective	oci	débrouillard	adjective	fra
desgordit	adjective	oci	dégourdi	adjective	fra
Feu	properNoun	oci	Feu	properNoun	fra
traïdor	noun	oci	traître	noun	fra
Grasso	properNoun	oci	Grasso	properNoun	fra
Bandeira	properNoun	oci	Bandeira	properNoun	fra
Bohórquez	properNoun	oci	Bohórquez	properNoun	fra
Mozilla Firefoc	properNoun	oci	Mozilla Firefox	properNoun	fra
vosautres meteises	pronoun	oci	vous-mêmes	pronoun	fra
Tresserras	properNoun	oci	Tresserras	properNoun	fra
Corbo	properNoun	oci	Corbo	properNoun	fra
titular	noun	oci	titulaire	noun	fra
Ambròsi	properNoun	oci	Ambroise	properNoun	fra
Ambròsi	properNoun	oci	Ambròsi	properNoun	fra
Deira	properNoun	oci	Deira	properNoun	fra
Moyà	properNoun	oci	Moyà	properNoun	fra
Amor	properNoun	oci	Amour	properNoun	fra
Amor	properNoun	oci	Amor	properNoun	fra
solesa	noun	oci	solitude	noun	fra
adulator	noun	oci	adulateur	noun	fra
Haustete	properNoun	oci	Haustete	properNoun	fra
retronir	verb	oci	retentir	verb	fra
retronir	verb	oci	résonner	verb	fra
Brindisi	properNoun	oci	Brindisi	properNoun	fra
Pozas	properNoun	oci	Pozas	properNoun	fra
Menòrca	properNoun	oci	Minorque	properNoun	fra
verticalament	adverb	oci	verticalement	adverb	fra
viabilitat	noun	oci	faisabilité	noun	fra
viabilitat	noun	oci	viabilité	noun	fra
acomodacion	noun	oci	accommodation	noun	fra
president	noun	oci	président	noun	fra
Puyal	properNoun	oci	Puyal	properNoun	fra
ué	adverb	oci	aujourd'hui	adverb	fra
Wilkins	properNoun	oci	Wilkins	properNoun	fra
proporcion	noun	oci	proportion	noun	fra
ocult	adjective	oci	occulte	adjective	fra
Oriola	properNoun	oci	Oriola	properNoun	fra
Bellefeuille	properNoun	oci	Bellefeuille	properNoun	fra
Cerber	properNoun	oci	Cerber	properNoun	fra
21n	adjective	oci	21ème	adjective	fra
pasmens	adverb	oci	cependant	adverb	fra
pasmens	adverb	oci	toutefois	adverb	fra
neurològ	noun	oci	neurologue	noun	fra
pòrt	noun	oci	col	noun	fra
pòrt	noun	oci	port	noun	fra
sagerar	verb	oci	cacheter	verb	fra
Moncho	properNoun	oci	Moncho	properNoun	fra
Fermat	properNoun	oci	Fermat	properNoun	fra
a despiet de	preposition	oci	malgré	preposition	fra
a despiet de	preposition	oci	en dépit de	preposition	fra
polemica	noun	oci	polémique	noun	fra
exempcion	noun	oci	exemption	noun	fra
foton	noun	oci	photon	noun	fra
analgesia	noun	oci	analgésie	noun	fra
Robineau	properNoun	oci	Robineau	properNoun	fra
Digon	properNoun	oci	Digon	properNoun	fra
observador	noun	oci	observateur	noun	fra
garantia	noun	oci	garantie	noun	fra
Alfons	properNoun	oci	Alfons	properNoun	fra
constrictiu	adjective	oci	constrictif	adjective	fra
Trueta	properNoun	oci	Trueta	properNoun	fra
aculturar	verb	oci	acculturer	verb	fra
escurina	noun	oci	obscurité	noun	fra
Hamade	properNoun	oci	Hamade	properNoun	fra
del fach que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	du fait que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Zuñiga	properNoun	oci	Zuñiga	properNoun	fra
faire	verb	oci	faire	verb	fra
consecutiu	adjective	oci	consécutif	adjective	fra
exigible	adjective	oci	exigible	adjective	fra
doga	noun	oci	rive	noun	fra
doga	noun	oci	douve	noun	fra
eslovèn	noun	oci	slovène	noun	fra
botanista	noun	oci	botaniste	noun	fra
Hommen	properNoun	oci	Hommen	properNoun	fra
combat	noun	oci	combat	noun	fra
von Dohnányi	properNoun	oci	von Dohnányi	properNoun	fra
epigrafia	noun	oci	épigraphie	noun	fra
cruseltat	noun	oci	cruauté	noun	fra
Ròse-Aups	properNoun	oci	Rhône-Alpes	properNoun	fra
Rico	properNoun	oci	Rico	properNoun	fra
arrat	noun	oci	rat	noun	fra
gavenc	noun	oci	soc	noun	fra
MP4	properNoun	oci	MP4	properNoun	fra
aturar	verb	oci	stopper	verb	fra
Legina	properNoun	oci	Legina	properNoun	fra
ponhada	noun	oci	poignée	noun	fra
Atlanta	properNoun	oci	Atlanta	properNoun	fra
Tajadura	properNoun	oci	Tajadura	properNoun	fra
Comella	properNoun	oci	Comella	properNoun	fra
flecheta	noun	oci	fléchette	noun	fra
Will	properNoun	oci	Will	properNoun	fra
Bleau	properNoun	oci	Bleau	properNoun	fra
Yebenes	properNoun	oci	Yebenes	properNoun	fra
Neron	properNoun	oci	Néron	properNoun	fra
s	noun	oci	s	noun	fra
Airá	properNoun	oci	Airá	properNoun	fra
Caballero	properNoun	oci	Caballero	properNoun	fra
taxinomia	noun	oci	taxinomie	noun	fra
Urumea	properNoun	oci	Urumea	properNoun	fra
adobar	verb	oci	adouber	verb	fra
adobar	verb	oci	arranger	verb	fra
natalitat	noun	oci	natalité	noun	fra
allegoric	adjective	oci	allégorique	adjective	fra
engolòpa	noun	oci	enveloppe	noun	fra
agenolhar	verb	oci	agenouiller	verb	fra
Gilberte	properNoun	oci	Gilberte	properNoun	fra
Vancells	properNoun	oci	Vancells	properNoun	fra
DVD	noun	oci	DVD	noun	fra
solar	adjective	oci	solaire	adjective	fra
panteïsme	noun	oci	panthéisme	noun	fra
Linares	properNoun	oci	Linares	properNoun	fra
engabiar	verb	oci	coffrer	verb	fra
engabiar	verb	oci	mettre en cage	verb	fra
Cardús	properNoun	oci	Cardús	properNoun	fra
Georgetown	properNoun	oci	Georgetown	properNoun	fra
Zúniga	properNoun	oci	Zúniga	properNoun	fra
cap	determiner	oci	aucun	determiner	fra
Wake	properNoun	oci	Wake	properNoun	fra
imitacion	noun	oci	imitation	noun	fra
agrassòl	noun	oci	groseille	noun	fra
von Papen	properNoun	oci	von Papen	properNoun	fra
Couvet	properNoun	oci	Couvet	properNoun	fra
Léotard	properNoun	oci	Léotard	properNoun	fra
enclavament	noun	oci	enclave	noun	fra
de tot biais	adverb	oci	en tout cas	adverb	fra
de tot biais	adverb	oci	dans tous les cas	adverb	fra
de tot biais	adverb	oci	en tous les cas	adverb	fra
de tot biais	adverb	oci	tout de même	adverb	fra
parafrasa	noun	oci	paraphrase	noun	fra
Altidor	properNoun	oci	Altidor	properNoun	fra
omenatjar	verb	oci	rendre hommage	verb	fra
Sellart	properNoun	oci	Sellart	properNoun	fra
Samblas	properNoun	oci	Samblas	properNoun	fra
Portero	properNoun	oci	Portero	properNoun	fra
Fillion	properNoun	oci	Fillion	properNoun	fra
interdependent	adjective	oci	interdépendant	adjective	fra
ascendéncia	noun	oci	ascendance	noun	fra
Simoni	properNoun	oci	Simoni	properNoun	fra
pola	noun	oci	poule	noun	fra
conciutadan	noun	oci	concitoyen	noun	fra
remir	verb	oci	nier	verb	fra
Starnino	properNoun	oci	Starnino	properNoun	fra
grosèla	noun	oci	groseille	noun	fra
Cassá	properNoun	oci	Cassá	properNoun	fra
butaire	noun	oci	buteur	noun	fra
telefòne	noun	oci	téléphone	noun	fra
Barbagallo	properNoun	oci	Barbagallo	properNoun	fra
Artur	properNoun	oci	Artur	properNoun	fra
prigondor	noun	oci	profondeur	noun	fra
falhir	verb	oci	faillir	verb	fra
espaventable	adjective	oci	épouvantable	adjective	fra
Hawey	properNoun	oci	Hawey	properNoun	fra
Pascuet	properNoun	oci	Pascuet	properNoun	fra
Nieva	properNoun	oci	Nieva	properNoun	fra
Renny	properNoun	oci	Renny	properNoun	fra
sequestrar	verb	oci	séquestrer	verb	fra
sequestrar	verb	oci	kidnapper	verb	fra
sequestrar	verb	oci	prendre en otage	verb	fra
suja	noun	oci	suie	noun	fra
en çò que fa a	preposition	oci	en ce qui concerne	preposition	fra
mar	noun	oci	mer	noun	fra
Puigmal	properNoun	oci	Puigmal	properNoun	fra
desviacion	noun	oci	déviation	noun	fra
lèuge	noun	oci	liège	noun	fra
Marco Merenciano	properNoun	oci	Marco Merenciano	properNoun	fra
equipièr	noun	oci	équipier	noun	fra
Johanne	properNoun	oci	Johanne	properNoun	fra
Mérida	properNoun	oci	Mérida	properNoun	fra
metrica	noun	oci	métrique	noun	fra
Trinidad	properNoun	oci	Trinidad	properNoun	fra
exagòn	noun	oci	hexagone	noun	fra
transumant	adjective	oci	transhumant	adjective	fra
transumant	adjective	oci	transhuman	adjective	fra
Sarkissian	properNoun	oci	Sarkissian	properNoun	fra
apicultor	noun	oci	apiculteur	noun	fra
Aura	properNoun	oci	Aura	properNoun	fra
copulacion	noun	oci	copulation	noun	fra
idèa	noun	oci	idée	noun	fra
autisme	noun	oci	autisme	noun	fra
rovilh	noun	oci	rouille	noun	fra
Limiñana	properNoun	oci	Limiñana	properNoun	fra
Wilson	properNoun	oci	Wilson	properNoun	fra
Marie-Christine	properNoun	oci	Marie-Christine	properNoun	fra
Hamand	properNoun	oci	Hamand	properNoun	fra
Vescio	properNoun	oci	Vescio	properNoun	fra
Gabrielle	properNoun	oci	Gabrielle	properNoun	fra
abcaz	noun	oci	abkhaze	noun	fra
abcaz	noun	oci	abkhazien	noun	fra
Jounou	properNoun	oci	Jounou	properNoun	fra
Montmarquette	properNoun	oci	Montmarquette	properNoun	fra
Serret	properNoun	oci	Serret	properNoun	fra
radiofonia	noun	oci	radiophonie	noun	fra
afan	noun	oci	appât	noun	fra
abominacion	noun	oci	abomination	noun	fra
Bigòrra	properNoun	oci	Bigorre	properNoun	fra
monarquic	adjective	oci	monarchique	adjective	fra
Labadie	properNoun	oci	Labadie	properNoun	fra
Brault	properNoun	oci	Brault	properNoun	fra
EDF	noun	oci	EDF	noun	fra
paleontologia	noun	oci	paléontologie	noun	fra
XXII	numeral	oci	XIIe	adjective	fra
XXII	numeral	oci	XXII	numeral	fra
XXII	numeral	oci	XIIème	adjective	fra
vuechanta un	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-un	numeral	fra
reimprimir	verb	oci	réimprimer	verb	fra
Tibbo	properNoun	oci	Tibbo	properNoun	fra
espepidaire	adjective	oci	méticuleux	adjective	fra
muraire	adjective	oci	maçon	adjective	fra
Deja	properNoun	oci	Deja	properNoun	fra
complexitat	noun	oci	complexité	noun	fra
contusionar	verb	oci	contusionner	verb	fra
Fagnan	properNoun	oci	Fagnan	properNoun	fra
bóstia	noun	oci	boîte	noun	fra
Orourke	properNoun	oci	Orourke	properNoun	fra
Jourdenais	properNoun	oci	Jourdenais	properNoun	fra
Milne	properNoun	oci	Milne	properNoun	fra
Malla	properNoun	oci	Malla	properNoun	fra
burocratic	adjective	oci	bureaucratique	adjective	fra
Viena	properNoun	oci	Vienne	properNoun	fra
aürós	adjective	oci	heureux	adjective	fra
Josette	properNoun	oci	Josette	properNoun	fra
combatre	verb	oci	combattre	verb	fra
tram	noun	oci	tramway	noun	fra
tram	noun	oci	tronçon	noun	fra
Hélie	properNoun	oci	Hélie	properNoun	fra
fondament	noun	oci	base	noun	fra
fondament	noun	oci	fondement	noun	fra
Munuera	properNoun	oci	Munuera	properNoun	fra
barca	noun	oci	barque	noun	fra
proprietat	noun	oci	propriété	noun	fra
incertan	adjective	oci	incertain	adjective	fra
aliat	adjective	oci	allié	adjective	fra
prò	noun	oci	pro	noun	fra
Helsinki	properNoun	oci	Helsinki	properNoun	fra
volcanic	adjective	oci	volcanique	adjective	fra
Sagué	properNoun	oci	Sagué	properNoun	fra
Otto	properNoun	oci	Otto	properNoun	fra
innocentament	adverb	oci	innocemment	adverb	fra
tòca	noun	oci	touque	noun	fra
tòca	noun	oci	touche	noun	fra
tòca	noun	oci	cible	noun	fra
venceire	noun	oci	vainqueur	noun	fra
tremuòja	noun	oci	trémie	noun	fra
balon	noun	oci	ballon	noun	fra
urinar	verb	oci	uriner	verb	fra
Lechuga	properNoun	oci	Lechuga	properNoun	fra
corbir	verb	oci	joncher	verb	fra
corbir	verb	oci	napper	verb	fra
corbir	verb	oci	couvrir	verb	fra
conjonchament	adverb	oci	ensemble	adverb	fra
conjonchament	adverb	oci	de concert	adverb	fra
conjonchament	adverb	oci	conjointement	adverb	fra
Isabèla	properNoun	oci	Isabelle	properNoun	fra
Isabèla	properNoun	oci	Isabèla	properNoun	fra
embut	noun	oci	entonnoir	noun	fra
cledon	noun	oci	clayon	noun	fra
Obama	properNoun	oci	Obama	properNoun	fra
Ascaso	properNoun	oci	Ascaso	properNoun	fra
Lamarche	properNoun	oci	Lamarche	properNoun	fra
certificacion	noun	oci	certification	noun	fra
Moli	properNoun	oci	Moli	properNoun	fra
Antonioni	properNoun	oci	Antonioni	properNoun	fra
Cabestany	properNoun	oci	Cabestany	properNoun	fra
preponderant	adjective	oci	prépondérant	adjective	fra
Muns	properNoun	oci	Muns	properNoun	fra
Activision	properNoun	oci	Activision	properNoun	fra
onestat	noun	oci	honnêteté	noun	fra
equinòcci	noun	oci	équinoxe	noun	fra
Colón	properNoun	oci	Colón	properNoun	fra
borgada	noun	oci	bourgade	noun	fra
Grandmont	properNoun	oci	Grandmont	properNoun	fra
servatge	noun	oci	servitude	noun	fra
farça	noun	oci	farce	noun	fra
Atari	properNoun	oci	Atari	properNoun	fra
camarada	noun	oci	camarade	noun	fra
fugir	verb	oci	enfuir	verb	fra
fugir	verb	oci	fuir	verb	fra
acorchir	verb	oci	raccourcir	verb	fra
acorchir	verb	oci	écourter	verb	fra
patesejar	verb	oci	patoiser	verb	fra
espitalièr	noun	oci	hospitalier	noun	fra
borrolhon	noun	oci	brouillon	noun	fra
O'Farrell	properNoun	oci	O'Farrell	properNoun	fra
esplanada	noun	oci	esplanade	noun	fra
Leahy	properNoun	oci	Leahy	properNoun	fra
torrid	adjective	oci	torride	adjective	fra
periodic	noun	oci	périodique	noun	fra
territòri	noun	oci	territoire	noun	fra
mòrt	adjective	oci	mort	adjective	fra
Latorre	properNoun	oci	Latorre	properNoun	fra
enduresir	verb	oci	endurcir	verb	fra
Camus	properNoun	oci	Camus	properNoun	fra
inconsultable	adjective	oci	inconsultable	adjective	fra
soscontinent	noun	oci	sous-continent	noun	fra
varlet	noun	oci	valet	noun	fra
Vilagran	properNoun	oci	Vilagran	properNoun	fra
Moraleda	properNoun	oci	Moraleda	properNoun	fra
Petty	properNoun	oci	Petty	properNoun	fra
Molla	properNoun	oci	Molla	properNoun	fra
Feliciano	properNoun	oci	Feliciano	properNoun	fra
41n	adjective	oci	41ème	adjective	fra
Malouin	properNoun	oci	Malouin	properNoun	fra
Quebèc	properNoun	oci	Québec	properNoun	fra
sonòr	adjective	oci	sonore	adjective	fra
efièit	noun	oci	effet	noun	fra
Lauzière	properNoun	oci	Lauzière	properNoun	fra
Aria	properNoun	oci	Aria	properNoun	fra
parodia	noun	oci	parodie	noun	fra
Titos	properNoun	oci	Titos	properNoun	fra
secrèt	noun	oci	secret	noun	fra
Rodó	properNoun	oci	Rodó	properNoun	fra
Joanisse	properNoun	oci	Joanisse	properNoun	fra
anòde	noun	oci	anode	noun	fra
Sosa	properNoun	oci	Sosa	properNoun	fra
Galí	properNoun	oci	Galí	properNoun	fra
Clancy	properNoun	oci	Clancy	properNoun	fra
Albertine	properNoun	oci	Albertine	properNoun	fra
Alarcon	properNoun	oci	Alarcon	properNoun	fra
automobilisme	noun	oci	automobilisme	noun	fra
Hantuchová	properNoun	oci	Hantuchová	properNoun	fra
Sabater	properNoun	oci	Sabater	properNoun	fra
copacap	noun	oci	casse-tête	noun	fra
copacap	noun	oci	puzzle	noun	fra
von Königsegg-Rothenfels	properNoun	oci	von Königsegg-Rothenfels	properNoun	fra
Riquer	properNoun	oci	Riquer	properNoun	fra
albumina	noun	oci	albumine	noun	fra
Yuan	properNoun	oci	Yuan	properNoun	fra
Dallaire	properNoun	oci	Dallaire	properNoun	fra
Arán	properNoun	oci	Arán	properNoun	fra
Republica democratica de Còngo	properNoun	oci	République démocratique du Congo	properNoun	fra
cuban	adjective	oci	cubain	adjective	fra
afectiu	adjective	oci	affectif	adjective	fra
refectòri	noun	oci	réfectoire	noun	fra
cartilaginós	adjective	oci	cartilagineux	adjective	fra
Priestley	properNoun	oci	Priestley	properNoun	fra
Mairal	properNoun	oci	Mairal	properNoun	fra
Espada	properNoun	oci	Espada	properNoun	fra
Florença	properNoun	oci	Florence	properNoun	fra
Florença	properNoun	oci	Florença	properNoun	fra
èga	noun	oci	jument	noun	fra
Gravé	properNoun	oci	Gravé	properNoun	fra
Bellegarde	properNoun	oci	Bellegarde	properNoun	fra
Frigault	properNoun	oci	Frigault	properNoun	fra
pas	noun	oci	passage	noun	fra
pas	noun	oci	seuil	noun	fra
pas	noun	oci	col	noun	fra
pas	noun	oci	pas	noun	fra
Pastrana	properNoun	oci	Pastrana	properNoun	fra
quintet	noun	oci	quintette	noun	fra
Murmansk	properNoun	oci	Mourmansk	properNoun	fra
nièira	noun	oci	puce	noun	fra
Trajà	properNoun	oci	Trajà	properNoun	fra
Cusco	properNoun	oci	Cusco	properNoun	fra
fangós	adjective	oci	fangeux	adjective	fra
fangós	adjective	oci	boueux	adjective	fra
oficialitat	noun	oci	officialité	noun	fra
hestiu	adjective	oci	festif	adjective	fra
epicentre	noun	oci	épicentre	noun	fra
esquizofrenia	noun	oci	schizophrénie	noun	fra
prolongacion	noun	oci	prolongation	noun	fra
nacionalitat	noun	oci	nationalité	noun	fra
tarsièr	noun	oci	tarsier	noun	fra
Culebras	properNoun	oci	Culebras	properNoun	fra
cadena	noun	oci	chaîne	noun	fra
cadena	noun	oci	chenille	noun	fra
Dewey	properNoun	oci	Dewey	properNoun	fra
paradura	noun	oci	parure	noun	fra
poblament	noun	oci	peuplement	noun	fra
Iveta	properNoun	oci	Iveta	properNoun	fra
somar	verb	oci	ajouter	verb	fra
somar	verb	oci	additionner	verb	fra
autocraticament	adverb	oci	autocratiquement	adverb	fra
Vermeer	properNoun	oci	Vermeer	properNoun	fra
dessús de	preposition	oci	sur	preposition	fra
vincular	verb	oci	lier	verb	fra
del fait que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	du fait que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
reflexiu	adjective	oci	réflexif	adjective	fra
scientificament	adverb	oci	scientifiquement	adverb	fra
Handfield	properNoun	oci	Handfield	properNoun	fra
Gabarrón	properNoun	oci	Gabarrón	properNoun	fra
fum	noun	oci	fumée	noun	fra
gris	noun	oci	gris	noun	fra
quasèrn	noun	oci	cahier	noun	fra
tubet	noun	oci	joint	noun	fra
sud-sodanés	noun	oci	Sud-soudanais	noun	fra
Crépeau	properNoun	oci	Crépeau	properNoun	fra
Melissa	properNoun	oci	Melissa	properNoun	fra
Roquet	properNoun	oci	Roquet	properNoun	fra
veren	noun	oci	venin	noun	fra
Siemens	properNoun	oci	Siemens	properNoun	fra
Sofia	properNoun	oci	Sophie	properNoun	fra
Sofia	properNoun	oci	Sofia	properNoun	fra
Latimer	properNoun	oci	Latimer	properNoun	fra
sarrar	verb	oci	rapprocher	verb	fra
Godbout	properNoun	oci	Godbout	properNoun	fra
Beneït	properNoun	oci	Beneït	properNoun	fra
Delafontaine	properNoun	oci	Delafontaine	properNoun	fra
meteoric	adjective	oci	météorique	adjective	fra
Oswald	properNoun	oci	Oswald	properNoun	fra
tre	preposition	oci	dès	preposition	fra
Visa	properNoun	oci	Visa	properNoun	fra
Power	properNoun	oci	Power	properNoun	fra
Henley	properNoun	oci	Henley	properNoun	fra
domesticitat	noun	oci	domesticité	noun	fra
quadrangular	adjective	oci	quadrangulaire	adjective	fra
Montmarché	properNoun	oci	Montmarché	properNoun	fra
actualitat	noun	oci	actu	noun	fra
actualitat	noun	oci	actualité	noun	fra
francic	adjective	oci	francique	adjective	fra
pròva	noun	oci	épreuve	noun	fra
pròva	noun	oci	preuve	noun	fra
menorquin	noun	oci	minorquin	noun	fra
patriotic	adjective	oci	patriotique	adjective	fra
collegiala	noun	oci	collégiale	noun	fra
coishin	noun	oci	coussin	noun	fra
cornut	adjective	oci	cornu	adjective	fra
centrafrican	noun	oci	Centrafricain	noun	fra
cooperatiu	adjective	oci	coopératif	adjective	fra
epigrafic	adjective	oci	épigraphique	adjective	fra
donada	noun	oci	donnée	noun	fra
intuitiu	adjective	oci	intuitif	adjective	fra
saumon	noun	oci	saumon	noun	fra
ateroscleròsi	noun	oci	athérosclérose	noun	fra
fatalitat	noun	oci	fatalité	noun	fra
Ilse	properNoun	oci	Ilse	properNoun	fra
clade	noun	oci	clade	noun	fra
Càstrias	properNoun	oci	Castries	properNoun	fra
reumatic	adjective	oci	rhumatisant	adjective	fra
merluça	noun	oci	morue	noun	fra
merluça	noun	oci	cabillaud	noun	fra
decada	noun	oci	décade	noun	fra
decada	noun	oci	décennie	noun	fra
magnitud	noun	oci	magnitude	noun	fra
Dalla	properNoun	oci	Dalia	properNoun	fra
banlèga	noun	oci	banlieue	noun	fra
Gurri	properNoun	oci	Gurri	properNoun	fra
egocentrisme	noun	oci	égocentrisme	noun	fra
idrologic	adjective	oci	hydrologique	adjective	fra
superstrat	noun	oci	superstrat	noun	fra
mostrar	verb	oci	montrer	verb	fra
Planaguma	properNoun	oci	Planaguma	properNoun	fra
infortuna	noun	oci	malheur	noun	fra
minar	verb	oci	miner	verb	fra
Kent	properNoun	oci	Kent	properNoun	fra
Cos	properNoun	oci	Cos	properNoun	fra
loteria	noun	oci	loterie	noun	fra
Brambilla	properNoun	oci	Brambilla	properNoun	fra
condemnat	adjective	oci	condamné	adjective	fra
Bladé	properNoun	oci	Bladé	properNoun	fra
ordonançament	noun	oci	ordonnancement	noun	fra
Oltra	properNoun	oci	Oltra	properNoun	fra
World Trade Center	properNoun	oci	World Trade Center	properNoun	fra
zèbre	noun	oci	zèbre	noun	fra
recusable	adjective	oci	récusable	adjective	fra
profetic	adjective	oci	prophétique	adjective	fra
fòrça	adverb	oci	beaucoup	adverb	fra
fòrça	adverb	oci	bien	adverb	fra
fòrça	adverb	oci	très	adverb	fra
demesir	verb	oci	diminuer	verb	fra
Iago	properNoun	oci	Iago	properNoun	fra
desordenat	adjective	oci	désordonné	adjective	fra
mercadatge	noun	oci	marketing	noun	fra
caucion	noun	oci	caution	noun	fra
espròva	noun	oci	épreuve	noun	fra
clarin	noun	oci	hautbois	noun	fra
Mathis	properNoun	oci	Mathis	properNoun	fra
gimnasta	noun	oci	gymnaste	noun	fra
relativitat	noun	oci	relativité	noun	fra
cagaròl	noun	oci	escargot	noun	fra
cagaròl	noun	oci	arrobe	noun	fra
incorrèctament	adverb	oci	incorrectement	adverb	fra
Bargone	properNoun	oci	Bargone	properNoun	fra
uechanta quatre	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-quatre	numeral	fra
itinerant	adjective	oci	itinérant	adjective	fra
Rachida	properNoun	oci	Rachida	properNoun	fra
glòb	noun	oci	globe	noun	fra
a la debuta	adverb	oci	au début	adverb	fra
Mollerussa	properNoun	oci	Mollerussa	properNoun	fra
egipcian	noun	oci	Égyptien	noun	fra
Hierro	properNoun	oci	Hierro	properNoun	fra
Fariña	properNoun	oci	Fariña	properNoun	fra
permissibilitat	noun	oci	permissibilité	noun	fra
Ibargoyen	properNoun	oci	Ibargoyen	properNoun	fra
alfabeticament	adverb	oci	alphabétiquement	adverb	fra
microscopia	noun	oci	microscopie	noun	fra
Bressola	properNoun	oci	Bressola	properNoun	fra
cais	noun	oci	mâchoire	noun	fra
indignar	verb	oci	outrer	verb	fra
indignar	verb	oci	indigner	verb	fra
Dani	properNoun	oci	Dani	properNoun	fra
engreishar	verb	oci	engraisser	verb	fra
Mucci	properNoun	oci	Mucci	properNoun	fra
Prat	properNoun	oci	Prat	properNoun	fra
prométer	verb	oci	promettre	verb	fra
pantés	adjective	oci	rustre	adjective	fra
tuvaluan	adjective	oci	tuvaluan	adjective	fra
diva	noun	oci	dive	noun	fra
Dusablon	properNoun	oci	Dusablon	properNoun	fra
Salvadó	properNoun	oci	Salvadó	properNoun	fra
Riva	properNoun	oci	Riva	properNoun	fra
Olano	properNoun	oci	Olano	properNoun	fra
telegrama	noun	oci	télégramme	noun	fra
Arès	properNoun	oci	Arès	properNoun	fra
estonament	noun	oci	étonnement	noun	fra
Benjamin	properNoun	oci	Benjamin	properNoun	fra
Mato	properNoun	oci	Mato	properNoun	fra
fus	noun	oci	fuseau	noun	fra
Zita	properNoun	oci	Zita	properNoun	fra
lubric	adjective	oci	lubrique	adjective	fra
esclau	adjective	oci	esclave	adjective	fra
Bautistà	properNoun	oci	Bautistà	properNoun	fra
Quim	properNoun	oci	Quim	properNoun	fra
jol pretèxte que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	sous prétexte que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
perfid	noun	oci	perfide	noun	fra
Vilarrasa	properNoun	oci	Vilarrasa	properNoun	fra
Séjourné	properNoun	oci	Séjourné	properNoun	fra
celebracion	noun	oci	célébration	noun	fra
esclariment	noun	oci	éclaircissement	noun	fra
detzau	noun	oci	dixième	noun	fra
Enrech	properNoun	oci	Enrech	properNoun	fra
Katya	properNoun	oci	Katya	properNoun	fra
nuech	noun	oci	nuit	noun	fra
Colin	properNoun	oci	Colin	properNoun	fra
bofiga	noun	oci	bulle	noun	fra
Palasí	properNoun	oci	Palasí	properNoun	fra
Merlo	properNoun	oci	Merlo	properNoun	fra
Twain	properNoun	oci	Twain	properNoun	fra
boson	noun	oci	boson	noun	fra
Marcouiller	properNoun	oci	Marcouiller	properNoun	fra
Moussa	properNoun	oci	Moussa	properNoun	fra
annèxe	adjective	oci	annexe	adjective	fra
prioritat	noun	oci	priorité	noun	fra
seriar	verb	oci	sérier	verb	fra
prussian	adjective	oci	prussien	adjective	fra
Rickman	properNoun	oci	Rickman	properNoun	fra
Ortega i Alemany	properNoun	oci	Ortega i Alemany	properNoun	fra
desencarir	verb	oci	baisser le prix de	verb	fra
Blaise	properNoun	oci	Blaise	properNoun	fra
secession	noun	oci	sécession	noun	fra
complèx	noun	oci	complexe	noun	fra
lengua	noun	oci	langue	noun	fra
Hussein	properNoun	oci	Hussein	properNoun	fra
dirigit	adjective	oci	dirigé	adjective	fra
Philibert	properNoun	oci	Philibert	properNoun	fra
mòde	noun	oci	manière	noun	fra
mòde	noun	oci	mode	noun	fra
rossèl	noun	oci	jaune	noun	fra
rossèl	noun	oci	blond	noun	fra
Tavarés	properNoun	oci	Tavarés	properNoun	fra
supression	noun	oci	suppression	noun	fra
Sarri	properNoun	oci	Sarri	properNoun	fra
manipulator	adjective	oci	manipulateur	adjective	fra
Esplugas	properNoun	oci	Esplugas	properNoun	fra
atirar	verb	oci	attirer	verb	fra
Condorcet	properNoun	oci	Condorcet	properNoun	fra
Irena	properNoun	oci	Irena	properNoun	fra
al travèrs de	preposition	oci	au travers de	preposition	fra
aglutinar	verb	oci	agglutiner	verb	fra
Suris	properNoun	oci	Suris	properNoun	fra
Palacios	properNoun	oci	Palacios	properNoun	fra
antiamerican	adjective	oci	antiaméricain	adjective	fra
barlòca	noun	oci	breloque	noun	fra
Elorza	properNoun	oci	Elorza	properNoun	fra
aviat	adverb	oci	rapidement	adverb	fra
aviat	adverb	oci	vite	adverb	fra
Soteras	properNoun	oci	Soteras	properNoun	fra
de Champlain	properNoun	oci	de Champlain	properNoun	fra
tolerable	adjective	oci	tolérable	adjective	fra
lector	noun	oci	lecteur	noun	fra
moisset	noun	oci	faucon	noun	fra
Nuri	properNoun	oci	Nuri	properNoun	fra
cort	noun	oci	cour	noun	fra
cort	noun	oci	court	noun	fra
prematurament	adverb	oci	prématurément	adverb	fra
espaventar	verb	oci	épouvanter	verb	fra
vòga	noun	oci	vogue	noun	fra
reconciliacion	noun	oci	réconciliation	noun	fra
reconciliacion	noun	oci	reconciliation	noun	fra
peptid	noun	oci	peptide	noun	fra
qualqu'un	pronoun	oci	quelqu'un	pronoun	fra
labech	noun	oci	sud-ouest	noun	fra
Ròc	properNoun	oci	Ròc	properNoun	fra
Ròc	properNoun	oci	Roch	properNoun	fra
avenir	noun	oci	futur	noun	fra
Legazpi	properNoun	oci	Legazpi	properNoun	fra
èster	verb	oci	être	verb	fra
Pina	properNoun	oci	Pina	properNoun	fra
inibicion	noun	oci	inhibition	noun	fra
centimètre	noun	oci	centimètre	noun	fra
Guinard	properNoun	oci	Guinard	properNoun	fra
Baldassarre	properNoun	oci	Baldassarre	properNoun	fra
estigmatizacion	noun	oci	stigmatisation	noun	fra
Oliveira	properNoun	oci	Oliveira	properNoun	fra
Voigt	properNoun	oci	Voigt	properNoun	fra
nadarèla	noun	oci	nageoire	noun	fra
hòquei	noun	oci	hockey	noun	fra
reeducacion	noun	oci	rééducation	noun	fra
semenar	verb	oci	semer	verb	fra
exobiologia	noun	oci	exobiologie	noun	fra
Viladomat	properNoun	oci	Viladomat	properNoun	fra
Matthias	properNoun	oci	Matthias	properNoun	fra
Trabalón	properNoun	oci	Trabalón	properNoun	fra
sebelir	verb	oci	ensevelir	verb	fra
dard	noun	oci	dard	noun	fra
Beauchemin	properNoun	oci	Beauchemin	properNoun	fra
Hill	properNoun	oci	Hill	properNoun	fra
Mitjana	properNoun	oci	Mitjana	properNoun	fra
oralament	adverb	oci	oralement	adverb	fra
Marsiñach	properNoun	oci	Marsiñach	properNoun	fra
amigdala	noun	oci	amygdale	noun	fra
directòri	noun	oci	directoire	noun	fra
Irissa	properNoun	oci	Irissa	properNoun	fra
acondicionament	noun	oci	conditionnement	noun	fra
Aldana	properNoun	oci	Aldana	properNoun	fra
Josep	properNoun	oci	Josep	properNoun	fra
Clare	properNoun	oci	Clare	properNoun	fra
Córdoba	properNoun	oci	Córdoba	properNoun	fra
McKellen	properNoun	oci	McKellen	properNoun	fra
Pep	properNoun	oci	Pep	properNoun	fra
mercuri	noun	oci	mercure	noun	fra
romanés	noun	oci	roumain	noun	fra
annada	noun	oci	année	noun	fra
Domenech	properNoun	oci	Domenech	properNoun	fra
McDougall	properNoun	oci	McDougall	properNoun	fra
quilometrar	verb	oci	kilométrer	verb	fra
instintiu	adjective	oci	instinctif	adjective	fra
Marlés	properNoun	oci	Marlés	properNoun	fra
Gigi	properNoun	oci	Gigi	properNoun	fra
presuposicion	noun	oci	présupposition	noun	fra
disseminacion	noun	oci	dissémination	noun	fra
al lum de	preposition	oci	à la lumière de	preposition	fra
bèl primièr	adverb	oci	tout d'abord	adverb	fra
inflamacion	noun	oci	inflammation	noun	fra
Baell	properNoun	oci	Baell	properNoun	fra
despèrt	adjective	oci	réveillé	adjective	fra
fermetat	noun	oci	fermeté	noun	fra
Faba	properNoun	oci	Faba	properNoun	fra
Miguélez	properNoun	oci	Miguélez	properNoun	fra
abandonar	verb	oci	abandonner	verb	fra
abandonar	verb	oci	quitter	verb	fra
Germana	properNoun	oci	Germaine	properNoun	fra
Germana	properNoun	oci	Germana	properNoun	fra
Zavala	properNoun	oci	Zavala	properNoun	fra
Ash	properNoun	oci	Ash	properNoun	fra
consistent	adjective	oci	consistant	adjective	fra
antigués	adjective	oci	antiguayen	adjective	fra
abelhaire	noun	oci	apiculteur	noun	fra
aerometria	noun	oci	aérométrie	noun	fra
entresenha	noun	oci	renseignement	noun	fra
public	adjective	oci	public	adjective	fra
Gal	properNoun	oci	Gal	properNoun	fra
Guaman	properNoun	oci	Guaman	properNoun	fra
Rammstein	properNoun	oci	Rammstein	properNoun	fra
Calleja	properNoun	oci	Calleja	properNoun	fra
vegetarian	adjective	oci	végétarien	adjective	fra
Pelé	properNoun	oci	Pelé	properNoun	fra
Hyacinthe	properNoun	oci	Hyacinthe	properNoun	fra
apellatiu	noun	oci	appellatif	noun	fra
abilesa	noun	oci	habileté	noun	fra
Ajax	properNoun	oci	Ajax	properNoun	fra
rapòrt	noun	oci	rapport	noun	fra
Coelho	properNoun	oci	Coelho	properNoun	fra
Pelosi	properNoun	oci	Pelosi	properNoun	fra
Brocal	properNoun	oci	Brocal	properNoun	fra
pena	noun	oci	peine	noun	fra
von Schönborn-Buchheim	properNoun	oci	von Schönborn-Buchheim	properNoun	fra
Kamiński	properNoun	oci	Kamiński	properNoun	fra
abantes	adverb	oci	avant	adverb	fra
expatriat	adjective	oci	expatrié	adjective	fra
ultim	adjective	oci	dernier	adjective	fra
ultim	adjective	oci	ultime	adjective	fra
resson	noun	oci	écho	noun	fra
reactiu	noun	oci	réactif	noun	fra
verd	adjective	oci	vert	adjective	fra
que	relativePronoun	oci	que	interrogativePronoun	fra
que	relativePronoun	oci	que	pronoun	fra
que	relativePronoun	oci	que	relativePronoun	fra
que	relativePronoun	oci	qui	interrogativePronoun	fra
que	relativePronoun	oci	qui	pronoun	fra
que	relativePronoun	oci	qui	relativePronoun	fra
Garitano	properNoun	oci	Garitano	properNoun	fra
Abellán	properNoun	oci	Abellán	properNoun	fra
Xicoy	properNoun	oci	Xicoy	properNoun	fra
reverenciós	adjective	oci	révérencieux	adjective	fra
estereofonia	noun	oci	stéréophonie	noun	fra
Casale	properNoun	oci	Casale	properNoun	fra
Pugés	properNoun	oci	Pugés	properNoun	fra
voitre	noun	oci	vautour	noun	fra
Granollers	properNoun	oci	Granollers	properNoun	fra
Graciano	properNoun	oci	Graciano	properNoun	fra
Léopold	properNoun	oci	Léopold	properNoun	fra
Preixens	properNoun	oci	Preixens	properNoun	fra
Mocci	properNoun	oci	Mocci	properNoun	fra
Delaware	properNoun	oci	Delaware	properNoun	fra
ièr delai	adverb	oci	avant-hier	adverb	fra
escota	noun	oci	écoute	noun	fra
sextian	noun	oci	aixois	noun	fra
pelegrin	adjective	oci	pèlerin	adjective	fra
ellenista	noun	oci	helléniste	noun	fra
Nerone	properNoun	oci	Nerone	properNoun	fra
arròda	noun	oci	roue	noun	fra
adiabatic	adjective	oci	adiabatique	adjective	fra
Bendayan	properNoun	oci	Bendayan	properNoun	fra
Alsó	properNoun	oci	Alsó	properNoun	fra
Subirachs	properNoun	oci	Subirachs	properNoun	fra
coble	noun	oci	couple	noun	fra
a mièjanuèch	adverb	oci	à minuit	adverb	fra
marchar	verb	oci	partir	verb	fra
marchar	verb	oci	repartir	verb	fra
Israèl	properNoun	oci	Israël	properNoun	fra
Israèl	properNoun	oci	Israel	properNoun	fra
Whiteduck	properNoun	oci	Whiteduck	properNoun	fra
Josefina	properNoun	oci	Josefina	properNoun	fra
Josefina	properNoun	oci	Joséphine	properNoun	fra
decedir	verb	oci	décéder	verb	fra
monarquista	noun	oci	monarchiste	noun	fra
bramar	verb	oci	bramer	verb	fra
bramar	verb	oci	gueuler	verb	fra
transpiracion	noun	oci	transpiration	noun	fra
Abu	properNoun	oci	Abu	properNoun	fra
Giral	properNoun	oci	Giral	properNoun	fra
Quiroz	properNoun	oci	Quiroz	properNoun	fra
el	pronoun	oci	lui il	pronoun	fra
el	pronoun	oci	lui	pronoun	fra
el	pronoun	oci	il	pronoun	fra
el	pronoun	oci	eux	pronoun	fra
abordar	verb	oci	aborder	verb	fra
raquitisme	noun	oci	rachitisme	noun	fra
Campos	properNoun	oci	Campos	properNoun	fra
jòia	noun	oci	joie	noun	fra
jòia	noun	oci	gaieté	noun	fra
jòia	noun	oci	joyau	noun	fra
jòia	noun	oci	bijou	noun	fra
penetracion	noun	oci	pénétration	noun	fra
Stoker	properNoun	oci	Stoker	properNoun	fra
caprici	noun	oci	caprice	noun	fra
Moulins	properNoun	oci	Moulins	properNoun	fra
Fernanda	properNoun	oci	Fernanda	properNoun	fra
intimidar	verb	oci	intimider	verb	fra
Ives	properNoun	oci	Ives	properNoun	fra
Ives	properNoun	oci	Yves	properNoun	fra
gras	adjective	oci	gras	adjective	fra
Hendrik	properNoun	oci	Hendrik	properNoun	fra
Ludivine	properNoun	oci	Ludivine	properNoun	fra
Anchundia	properNoun	oci	Anchundia	properNoun	fra
incapacitat	noun	oci	incapacité	noun	fra
Masdevall	properNoun	oci	Masdevall	properNoun	fra
biografic	adjective	oci	biographique	adjective	fra
Hoxha	properNoun	oci	Hoxha	properNoun	fra
delai	adverb	oci	delà	adverb	fra
Disraeli	properNoun	oci	Disraeli	properNoun	fra
marroquin	noun	oci	Marocain	noun	fra
Tàpies	properNoun	oci	Tàpies	properNoun	fra
obesitat	noun	oci	obésité	noun	fra
aeroportuari	adjective	oci	aéroportuaire	adjective	fra
estacat	noun	oci	attaché	noun	fra
ironia	noun	oci	ironie	noun	fra
Oteiza	properNoun	oci	Oteiza	properNoun	fra
empaurosir	verb	oci	effaroucher	verb	fra
pederastia	noun	oci	pédérastie	noun	fra
engorgament	noun	oci	bouchon	noun	fra
Valenciaga	properNoun	oci	Valenciaga	properNoun	fra
Zambrano	properNoun	oci	Zambrano	properNoun	fra
Prost	properNoun	oci	Prost	properNoun	fra
orror	noun	oci	horreur	noun	fra
fenomen	noun	oci	phénomène	noun	fra
Wickens	properNoun	oci	Wickens	properNoun	fra
proscrich	adjective	oci	proscrit	adjective	fra
caneladura	noun	oci	rainure	noun	fra
Daimler	properNoun	oci	Daimler	properNoun	fra
interurban	adjective	oci	interurbain	adjective	fra
massacre	noun	oci	massacre	noun	fra
Langlois	properNoun	oci	Langlois	properNoun	fra
volant	noun	oci	volant	noun	fra
començat	adjective	oci	commencé	adjective	fra
barrat	adjective	oci	fermé	adjective	fra
proprietari	adjective	oci	propriétaire	adjective	fra
Brito	properNoun	oci	Brito	properNoun	fra
Gabarré	properNoun	oci	Gabarré	properNoun	fra
Palardy	properNoun	oci	Palardy	properNoun	fra
Gallart	properNoun	oci	Gallart	properNoun	fra
Charron	properNoun	oci	Charron	properNoun	fra
Amezcua	properNoun	oci	Amezcua	properNoun	fra
au començament de	preposition	oci	au commencement de	preposition	fra
intercambiar	verb	oci	échanger	verb	fra
Playa	properNoun	oci	Playa	properNoun	fra
industria	noun	oci	industrie	noun	fra
a travèrs de	preposition	oci	à travers	preposition	fra
auca	noun	oci	oie	noun	fra
Cruise	properNoun	oci	Cruise	properNoun	fra
Restoy	properNoun	oci	Restoy	properNoun	fra
34n	adjective	oci	34ème	adjective	fra
Hirsch	properNoun	oci	Hirsch	properNoun	fra
mutualizacion	noun	oci	mutualisation	noun	fra
confrairiá	noun	oci	confrérie	noun	fra
Barri	properNoun	oci	Barri	properNoun	fra
Barri	properNoun	oci	Berry	properNoun	fra
urbanista	noun	oci	urbaniste	noun	fra
generar	verb	oci	générer	verb	fra
Jim	properNoun	oci	Jim	properNoun	fra
Duart	properNoun	oci	Duart	properNoun	fra
associacion	noun	oci	amicale	noun	fra
associacion	noun	oci	association	noun	fra
decepcion	noun	oci	déception	noun	fra
folitge	noun	oci	folie	noun	fra
Kluke	properNoun	oci	Kluke	properNoun	fra
nadiu	adjective	oci	natif	adjective	fra
nadiu	adjective	oci	natal	adjective	fra
mercandejaire	noun	oci	marchandeur	noun	fra
implicit	adjective	oci	implicite	adjective	fra
Mañosa	properNoun	oci	Mañosa	properNoun	fra
tranuga	noun	oci	chiendent	noun	fra
partir	verb	oci	partir	verb	fra
partir	verb	oci	repartir	verb	fra
ELA	noun	oci	ELA	noun	fra
Bardot	properNoun	oci	Bardot	properNoun	fra
Carissimi	properNoun	oci	Carissimi	properNoun	fra
Peeters	properNoun	oci	Peeters	properNoun	fra
deutèri	noun	oci	deutérium	noun	fra
blosa	noun	oci	blouse	noun	fra
agregacion	noun	oci	agrégation	noun	fra
pronominalizacion	noun	oci	pronominalisation	noun	fra
milh	noun	oci	maïs	noun	fra
Roqueta	properNoun	oci	Rouquette	properNoun	fra
Roqueta	properNoun	oci	Roqueta	properNoun	fra
Wabanonick	properNoun	oci	Wabanonick	properNoun	fra
Arimany	properNoun	oci	Arimany	properNoun	fra
Arnau	properNoun	oci	Arnaud	properNoun	fra
Arnau	properNoun	oci	Arnau	properNoun	fra
Piuze	properNoun	oci	Piuze	properNoun	fra
Depeault	properNoun	oci	Depeault	properNoun	fra
sonata	noun	oci	sonate	noun	fra
fluctuacion	noun	oci	fluctuation	noun	fra
Masi	properNoun	oci	Masi	properNoun	fra
Virgínia	properNoun	oci	Virginie	properNoun	fra
trencadura	noun	oci	rupture	noun	fra
visionar	verb	oci	visionner	verb	fra
mèrda	noun	oci	merde	noun	fra
Bukharin	properNoun	oci	Boukharine	properNoun	fra
Frève	properNoun	oci	Frève	properNoun	fra
Cromwell	properNoun	oci	Cromwell	properNoun	fra
Chiskamish	properNoun	oci	Chiskamish	properNoun	fra
eclosion	noun	oci	éclosion	noun	fra
urèa	noun	oci	urée	noun	fra
dissonància	noun	oci	dissonance	noun	fra
Ludovico	properNoun	oci	Ludovico	properNoun	fra
Margot	properNoun	oci	Margot	properNoun	fra
Galbany	properNoun	oci	Galbany	properNoun	fra
popularizacion	noun	oci	popularisation	noun	fra
Tommy	properNoun	oci	Tommy	properNoun	fra
Miele	properNoun	oci	Miele	properNoun	fra
Abdoulaye	properNoun	oci	Abdoulaye	properNoun	fra
Casillas	properNoun	oci	Casillas	properNoun	fra
israelian	adjective	oci	israélien	adjective	fra
fibrillacion	noun	oci	fibrillation	noun	fra
benlèu	adverb	oci	peut-être	adverb	fra
estalinista	noun	oci	staliniste	noun	fra
Jeannette	properNoun	oci	Jeannette	properNoun	fra
negre	adjective	oci	noir	adjective	fra
resident	adjective	oci	résident	adjective	fra
practic	adjective	oci	pratique	adjective	fra
sòn	noun	oci	rêve	noun	fra
sòn	noun	oci	sommeil	noun	fra
agaça	noun	oci	pie	noun	fra
estuba	noun	oci	étuve	noun	fra
Charbonneau	properNoun	oci	Charbonneau	properNoun	fra
fins alara	adverb	oci	jusqu'alors	adverb	fra
McLeod	properNoun	oci	McLeod	properNoun	fra
animat	noun	oci	animé	noun	fra
imprecacion	noun	oci	imprécation	noun	fra
Calderon	properNoun	oci	Calderon	properNoun	fra
Saturn	properNoun	oci	Saturne	properNoun	fra
patesejaire	noun	oci	patoisant	noun	fra
sandinisme	noun	oci	sandinisme	noun	fra
espiar	noun	oci	regard	noun	fra
respectar	verb	oci	respecter	verb	fra
saudian	noun	oci	Saoudien	noun	fra
miserable	adjective	oci	misérable	adjective	fra
Howard	properNoun	oci	Howard	properNoun	fra
mèlsa	noun	oci	rate	noun	fra
albricòt	noun	oci	abricot	noun	fra
vicissitud	noun	oci	vicissitude	noun	fra
Trullols	properNoun	oci	Trullols	properNoun	fra
pròba	noun	oci	épreuve	noun	fra
pròba	noun	oci	preuve	noun	fra
Rod	properNoun	oci	Rod	properNoun	fra
segurament	adverb	oci	sûrement	adverb	fra
Lorrain	properNoun	oci	Lorrain	properNoun	fra
von Belling	properNoun	oci	von Belling	properNoun	fra
ipnotizar	verb	oci	hypnotiser	verb	fra
Garand	properNoun	oci	Garand	properNoun	fra
Berrazueta	properNoun	oci	Berrazueta	properNoun	fra
auto	noun	oci	voiture	noun	fra
auto	noun	oci	auto	noun	fra
auto	noun	oci	automobile	noun	fra
manaira	noun	oci	hache	noun	fra
precedent	noun	oci	précédent	noun	fra
pòt	noun	oci	pot	noun	fra
pòt	noun	oci	moue	noun	fra
pòt	noun	oci	lèvre	noun	fra
paradigma	noun	oci	paradigme	noun	fra
Vermette	properNoun	oci	Vermette	properNoun	fra
Baden-Württemberg	properNoun	oci	Bade-Wurtemberg	properNoun	fra
Piras	properNoun	oci	Piras	properNoun	fra
Godolin	properNoun	oci	Goudelin	properNoun	fra
Godolin	properNoun	oci	Goudouli	properNoun	fra
Olivier	properNoun	oci	Olivier	properNoun	fra
San Román	properNoun	oci	San Román	properNoun	fra
trenta cinc	numeral	oci	trente-cinq	numeral	fra
mimetisme	noun	oci	mimétisme	noun	fra
plataforma	noun	oci	plateforme	noun	fra
plataforma	noun	oci	plate-forme	noun	fra
gitan	adjective	oci	gitan	adjective	fra
Knight	properNoun	oci	Knight	properNoun	fra
pintar	verb	oci	peindre	verb	fra
pintar	verb	oci	peinturer	verb	fra
missil	noun	oci	missile	noun	fra
favorir	verb	oci	favoriser	verb	fra
favorir	verb	oci	avantager	verb	fra
arena	noun	oci	sable	noun	fra
arena	noun	oci	arène	noun	fra
ipopotam	noun	oci	hippopotame	noun	fra
maltés	noun	oci	maltais	noun	fra
impressionista	noun	oci	impressionniste	noun	fra
d'una part	adverb	oci	d'une part	adverb	fra
Úbeda	properNoun	oci	Úbeda	properNoun	fra
Otero	properNoun	oci	Otero	properNoun	fra
Moriah	properNoun	oci	Moriah	properNoun	fra
rafinar	verb	oci	raffiner	verb	fra
Schininà	properNoun	oci	Schininà	properNoun	fra
Ávila	properNoun	oci	Ávila	properNoun	fra
d'abausons	adverb	oci	à plat ventre	adverb	fra
oliveta	noun	oci	olivette	noun	fra
poblacion	noun	oci	population	noun	fra
Figueira	properNoun	oci	Figueira	properNoun	fra
ainat	noun	oci	aîné	noun	fra
policentrisme	noun	oci	polycentrisme	noun	fra
Beaucher	properNoun	oci	Beaucher	properNoun	fra
Canal	properNoun	oci	Canal	properNoun	fra
Clavé	properNoun	oci	Clavé	properNoun	fra
sorisent	adjective	oci	souriant	adjective	fra
Bolivia	properNoun	oci	Bolivie	properNoun	fra
Wafer	properNoun	oci	Wafer	properNoun	fra
transcriure	verb	oci	transcrire	verb	fra
Petitclerc	properNoun	oci	Petitclerc	properNoun	fra
anagrama	noun	oci	anagramme	noun	fra
Wilhelmy	properNoun	oci	Wilhelmy	properNoun	fra
polsa	noun	oci	poussière	noun	fra
Augustin	properNoun	oci	Augustin	properNoun	fra
cosmogonic	adjective	oci	cosmogonique	adjective	fra
Llamas	properNoun	oci	Llamas	properNoun	fra
eucaristia	noun	oci	eucharistie	noun	fra
Monferrer	properNoun	oci	Monferrer	properNoun	fra
Bau	properNoun	oci	Bau	properNoun	fra
Reverter	properNoun	oci	Reverter	properNoun	fra
interrogador	adjective	oci	interrogateur	adjective	fra
enebir	verb	oci	interdire	verb	fra
enebir	verb	oci	prohiber	verb	fra
gimnastica	noun	oci	gymnastique	noun	fra
quocient	noun	oci	quotient	noun	fra
Tunisia	properNoun	oci	Tunisie	properNoun	fra
Siria	properNoun	oci	Syrie	properNoun	fra
ierarquizacion	noun	oci	hiérarchisation	noun	fra
Mas i Ros	properNoun	oci	Mas i Ros	properNoun	fra
seguidor	noun	oci	successeur	noun	fra
Weizineau	properNoun	oci	Weizineau	properNoun	fra
extrèm	noun	oci	extrême	noun	fra
Gamelin	properNoun	oci	Gamelin	properNoun	fra
Huppé	properNoun	oci	Huppé	properNoun	fra
caminar	verb	oci	cheminer	verb	fra
caminar	verb	oci	marcher	verb	fra
entrebolir	verb	oci	troubler	verb	fra
demograf	noun	oci	démographe	noun	fra
Hesse	properNoun	oci	Hesse	properNoun	fra
a domicili	adverb	oci	à domicile	adverb	fra
Manzaneda	properNoun	oci	Manzaneda	properNoun	fra
montpelhierenc	noun	oci	montpelliérain	noun	fra
montpelhierenc	noun	oci	Montpelliérain	noun	fra
subvencion	noun	oci	subvention	noun	fra
Bernal	properNoun	oci	Bernal	properNoun	fra
8n	adjective	oci	8ème	adjective	fra
Dryden	properNoun	oci	Dryden	properNoun	fra
paneuropèu	adjective	oci	paneuropéen	adjective	fra
pagan	adjective	oci	païen	adjective	fra
Gatell	properNoun	oci	Gatell	properNoun	fra
Niquay	properNoun	oci	Niquay	properNoun	fra
Hugo Chávez	properNoun	oci	Hugo Chávez	properNoun	fra
Tarn	properNoun	oci	Tarn	properNoun	fra
rejuvenacion	noun	oci	réjuvénation	noun	fra
escolarizar	verb	oci	scolariser	verb	fra
Jean-Jacques	properNoun	oci	Jean-Jacques	properNoun	fra
consequéncia	noun	oci	conséquence	noun	fra
cartaginés	noun	oci	Carthaginois	noun	fra
Liban	properNoun	oci	Liban	properNoun	fra
forrat	adjective	oci	fourré	adjective	fra
vietnamian	noun	oci	vietnamien	noun	fra
trepejar	verb	oci	piétiner	verb	fra
Blanquer	properNoun	oci	Blanquer	properNoun	fra
nos meteis	pronoun	oci	nous-même	pronoun	fra
nau	numeral	oci	neuf	numeral	fra
dentifrici	noun	oci	dentifrice	noun	fra
trenta quatre	numeral	oci	trente-quatre	numeral	fra
Sumien	properNoun	oci	Sumien	properNoun	fra
confondre	verb	oci	confondre	verb	fra
Annabel	properNoun	oci	Annabel	properNoun	fra
concurrent	adjective	oci	concurrent	adjective	fra
arquetipe	noun	oci	archétype	noun	fra
darrèrament	adverb	oci	dernièrement	adverb	fra
Arisa	properNoun	oci	Arisa	properNoun	fra
pasiment	noun	oci	pavé	noun	fra
Radcliffe	properNoun	oci	Radcliffe	properNoun	fra
Azpiazu	properNoun	oci	Azpiazu	properNoun	fra
rigorós	adjective	oci	rigoureux	adjective	fra
chas	preposition	oci	chez	preposition	fra
Barceló	properNoun	oci	Barceló	properNoun	fra
bana	noun	oci	andouiller	noun	fra
bana	noun	oci	corne	noun	fra
bana	noun	oci	bois	noun	fra
Batet	properNoun	oci	Batet	properNoun	fra
aprene	verb	oci	apprendre	verb	fra
sadol	adjective	oci	soûl	adjective	fra
sadol	adjective	oci	repu	adjective	fra
sadol	adjective	oci	soul	adjective	fra
de la part de	preposition	oci	de la part de	preposition	fra
candela	noun	oci	chandelle	noun	fra
candela	noun	oci	bougie	noun	fra
bulgar	adjective	oci	bulgare	adjective	fra
Aarab	properNoun	oci	Aarab	properNoun	fra
qualificacion	noun	oci	qualification	noun	fra
Mangiafico	properNoun	oci	Mangiafico	properNoun	fra
transparéncia	noun	oci	transparence	noun	fra
espilla	noun	oci	aiguille	noun	fra
montenegrin	adjective	oci	montenégrin	adjective	fra
reforma	noun	oci	réforme	noun	fra
nòra	noun	oci	bru	noun	fra
refòrma	noun	oci	réforme	noun	fra
Malory	properNoun	oci	Malory	properNoun	fra
teorèma	noun	oci	théorème	noun	fra
Favron	properNoun	oci	Favron	properNoun	fra
renós	adjective	oci	irascible	adjective	fra
narcissisme	noun	oci	narcissisme	noun	fra
rapid	adjective	oci	rapide	adjective	fra
ribonucleasa	noun	oci	ribonucléase	noun	fra
Coache	properNoun	oci	Coache	properNoun	fra
Oropesa	properNoun	oci	Oropesa	properNoun	fra
EADS	noun	oci	EADS	noun	fra
populista	noun	oci	populiste	noun	fra
operacion	noun	oci	opération	noun	fra
Cueva	properNoun	oci	Cueva	properNoun	fra
romb	noun	oci	losange	noun	fra
romb	noun	oci	rhombe	noun	fra
termoelectric	adjective	oci	thermoélectrique	adjective	fra
passible	adjective	oci	passible	adjective	fra
sèrie	noun	oci	série	noun	fra
ascension	noun	oci	ascension	noun	fra
trombòsi	noun	oci	thrombose	noun	fra
ascetic	adjective	oci	ascétique	adjective	fra
generalizacion	noun	oci	généralisation	noun	fra
Cammarata	properNoun	oci	Cammarata	properNoun	fra
en çò que tanh	preposition	oci	en ce qui concerne	preposition	fra
Jacobs	properNoun	oci	Jacobs	properNoun	fra
au par de	preposition	oci	en comparaison de	preposition	fra
Pleau	properNoun	oci	Pleau	properNoun	fra
Pierrelouis	properNoun	oci	Pierrelouis	properNoun	fra
antifascista	noun	oci	antifasciste	noun	fra
Tiscar	properNoun	oci	Tiscar	properNoun	fra
gardariá	noun	oci	garderie	noun	fra
Jakarta	properNoun	oci	Jakarta	properNoun	fra
Perpetua	properNoun	oci	Perpetua	properNoun	fra
Laso	properNoun	oci	Laso	properNoun	fra
Busom	properNoun	oci	Busom	properNoun	fra
Forte	properNoun	oci	Forte	properNoun	fra
Fornell	properNoun	oci	Fornell	properNoun	fra
Polinesia Francesa	properNoun	oci	Polynésie française	properNoun	fra
Jean-Luc	properNoun	oci	Jean-Luc	properNoun	fra
auricular	noun	oci	auriculaire	noun	fra
Valença	properNoun	oci	Valence	properNoun	fra
tapissièr	noun	oci	tapissier	noun	fra
toponime	noun	oci	toponyme	noun	fra
balada	noun	oci	ballade	noun	fra
innecessari	adjective	oci	innécessaire	adjective	fra
partit	noun	oci	match	noun	fra
partit	noun	oci	parti	noun	fra
a gratis	adverb	oci	gratis	adverb	fra
franchimand	adjective	oci	français	adjective	fra
jornalisme	noun	oci	journalisme	noun	fra
Brie	properNoun	oci	Brie	properNoun	fra
Hoyte	properNoun	oci	Hoyte	properNoun	fra
vosauts	pronoun	oci	vous	pronoun	fra
racionalizar	verb	oci	rationaliser	verb	fra
mesfisar	verb	oci	méfier	verb	fra
maquilhar	verb	oci	maquiller	verb	fra
transistor	noun	oci	transistor	noun	fra
tracte	noun	oci	traitement	noun	fra
La Blunda	properNoun	oci	La Blunda	properNoun	fra
Mercuri	properNoun	oci	Mercuri	properNoun	fra
Hinton	properNoun	oci	Hinton	properNoun	fra
sauvagarda	noun	oci	sauvegarde	noun	fra
abdicar	verb	oci	abdiquer	verb	fra
apocòpa	noun	oci	apocope	noun	fra
nordic	adjective	oci	nordique	adjective	fra
Raimon	properNoun	oci	Raimon	properNoun	fra
Raimon	properNoun	oci	Ramon	properNoun	fra
vilatgés	noun	oci	villageois	noun	fra
Porcel	properNoun	oci	Porcel	properNoun	fra
Zimmermann	properNoun	oci	Zimmermann	properNoun	fra
productivitat	noun	oci	productivité	noun	fra
pluralista	adjective	oci	pluraliste	adjective	fra
Yan	properNoun	oci	Yan	properNoun	fra
assisténcia	noun	oci	assistance	noun	fra
Baron	properNoun	oci	Baron	properNoun	fra
sonar	verb	oci	appeler	verb	fra
sonar	verb	oci	sonner	verb	fra
Georgekish	properNoun	oci	Georgekish	properNoun	fra
Còrdas	properNoun	oci	Còrdas	properNoun	fra
Caracuel	properNoun	oci	Caracuel	properNoun	fra
gronh	noun	oci	groin	noun	fra
Croze	properNoun	oci	Croze	properNoun	fra
simbolisme	noun	oci	symbolisme	noun	fra
Cherrier	properNoun	oci	Cherrier	properNoun	fra
Camarasa	properNoun	oci	Camarasa	properNoun	fra
Caldas	properNoun	oci	Caldas	properNoun	fra
Vilela	properNoun	oci	Vilela	properNoun	fra
Bisson	properNoun	oci	Bisson	properNoun	fra
Aurelian	properNoun	oci	Aurelian	properNoun	fra
Aurelian	properNoun	oci	Aurélien	properNoun	fra
per tal de	preposition	oci	afin de	preposition	fra
Miquèla	properNoun	oci	Miquèla	properNoun	fra
Rosselhon	properNoun	oci	Roussillon	properNoun	fra
Uriol	properNoun	oci	Uriol	properNoun	fra
comprimir	verb	oci	comprimer	verb	fra
Sigrid	properNoun	oci	Sigrid	properNoun	fra
Watts	properNoun	oci	Watts	properNoun	fra
enjós	adverb	oci	en dessous	adverb	fra
estacion	noun	oci	saison	noun	fra
estacion	noun	oci	gare	noun	fra
estacion	noun	oci	station	noun	fra
Goguen	properNoun	oci	Goguen	properNoun	fra
eretièr	noun	oci	héritier	noun	fra
narrador	noun	oci	narrateur	noun	fra
brèç	noun	oci	berceau	noun	fra
fellacion	noun	oci	fellation	noun	fra
involontàriament	adverb	oci	involontairement	adverb	fra
Dembele	properNoun	oci	Dembele	properNoun	fra
Orfèu	properNoun	oci	Orphée	properNoun	fra
mosqueta	noun	oci	mosquée	noun	fra
cap a	preposition	oci	envers	preposition	fra
cap a	preposition	oci	vers	preposition	fra
parcar	verb	oci	garer	verb	fra
Edoard	properNoun	oci	Édouard	properNoun	fra
Edoard	properNoun	oci	Edoard	properNoun	fra
indeterminacion	noun	oci	indétermination	noun	fra
Boguet	properNoun	oci	Boguet	properNoun	fra
extremista	adjective	oci	extrémiste	adjective	fra
Besalduch	properNoun	oci	Besalduch	properNoun	fra
neurologia	noun	oci	neurologie	noun	fra
desdenh	noun	oci	dédain	noun	fra
dossièr	noun	oci	dossier	noun	fra
vocabulari	noun	oci	vocabulaire	noun	fra
anguila	noun	oci	anguille	noun	fra
un chic aprèp	preposition	oci	un peu après	preposition	fra
tanlèu	adverb	oci	aussitôt	adverb	fra
Huynh	properNoun	oci	Huynh	properNoun	fra
toracic	adjective	oci	thoracique	adjective	fra
Macedònia	properNoun	oci	Macédoine	properNoun	fra
absolutisme	noun	oci	absolutisme	noun	fra
pastura	noun	oci	fourrage	noun	fra
oitanta uèit	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-huit	numeral	fra
estabosir	verb	oci	éberluer	verb	fra
Hong Kong	properNoun	oci	Hong Kong	properNoun	fra
adversari	adjective	oci	adversaire	adjective	fra
docetament	adverb	oci	doucement	adverb	fra
Justa	properNoun	oci	Justa	properNoun	fra
Liard	properNoun	oci	Liard	properNoun	fra
Feeney	properNoun	oci	Feeney	properNoun	fra
graisselon	noun	oci	cresson	noun	fra
Sevilha	properNoun	oci	Séville	properNoun	fra
italian	adjective	oci	italien	adjective	fra
faraon	noun	oci	pharaon	noun	fra
colonizacion	noun	oci	colonisation	noun	fra
desencusar	verb	oci	excuser	verb	fra
micronesian	noun	oci	Micronésien	noun	fra
vuechanta	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt	numeral	fra
Guinart	properNoun	oci	Guinart	properNoun	fra
Calm	properNoun	oci	Calm	properNoun	fra
comòde	adjective	oci	commode	adjective	fra
venerable	adjective	oci	vénérable	adjective	fra
trabalhaire	adjective	oci	travailleur	adjective	fra
Iogoslavia	properNoun	oci	Yougoslavie	properNoun	fra
Riccio	properNoun	oci	Riccio	properNoun	fra
afortir	verb	oci	affirmer	verb	fra
Valldeperas	properNoun	oci	Valldeperas	properNoun	fra
Libreville	properNoun	oci	Libreville	properNoun	fra
Lanzas	properNoun	oci	Lanzas	properNoun	fra
Kosatík	properNoun	oci	Kosatík	properNoun	fra
segon los dires de	preposition	oci	au dire de	preposition	fra
segon los dires de	preposition	oci	aux dires de	preposition	fra
Perramon	properNoun	oci	Perramon	properNoun	fra
Gené	properNoun	oci	Gené	properNoun	fra
Poch	properNoun	oci	Poch	properNoun	fra
dopatge	noun	oci	dopage	noun	fra
dopatge	noun	oci	doping	noun	fra
ucraïnés	noun	oci	ukrainien	noun	fra
ucraïnés	noun	oci	Ukrainien	noun	fra
Turk	properNoun	oci	Turk	properNoun	fra
distrait	adjective	oci	distrait	adjective	fra
ampliar	verb	oci	élargir	verb	fra
conjoncion	noun	oci	conjonction	noun	fra
assedegat	noun	oci	assoiffé	noun	fra
Villiard	properNoun	oci	Villiard	properNoun	fra
evaporacion	noun	oci	évaporation	noun	fra
Bourgeois	properNoun	oci	Bourgeois	properNoun	fra
sedentaritat	noun	oci	sédentarité	noun	fra
egalament	adverb	oci	également	adverb	fra
Casavant	properNoun	oci	Casavant	properNoun	fra
braceria	noun	oci	brasserie	noun	fra
presat	adjective	oci	prisé	adjective	fra
tinta	noun	oci	encre	noun	fra
Argenté	properNoun	oci	Argenté	properNoun	fra
Genís	properNoun	oci	Genís	properNoun	fra
St-Sauveur	properNoun	oci	St-Sauveur	properNoun	fra
monstruós	adjective	oci	monstrueux	adjective	fra
indusir	verb	oci	induire	verb	fra
Loïc	properNoun	oci	Loïc	properNoun	fra
retirada	noun	oci	retraite	noun	fra
remanar	verb	oci	envoyer	verb	fra
quaranta tres	numeral	oci	quarante-trois	numeral	fra
Guiana	properNoun	oci	Guyenne	properNoun	fra
dempuòi	preposition	oci	depuis	preposition	fra
Calonge	properNoun	oci	Calonge	properNoun	fra
sucrat	adjective	oci	sucré	adjective	fra
Rosina	properNoun	oci	Rosina	properNoun	fra
Rosina	properNoun	oci	Rosine	properNoun	fra
restanca	noun	oci	barrage	noun	fra
restanca	noun	oci	digue	noun	fra
replegar	verb	oci	replier	verb	fra
Saint-Exupery	properNoun	oci	Saint-Exupery	properNoun	fra
lagrema	noun	oci	larme	noun	fra
Montgarri	properNoun	oci	Montgarri	properNoun	fra
captiu	adjective	oci	captif	adjective	fra
literalament	adverb	oci	littéralement	adverb	fra
réber	verb	oci	recevoir	verb	fra
Katapatuk	properNoun	oci	Katapatuk	properNoun	fra
adobaire	noun	oci	arrangeur	noun	fra
reeleccion	noun	oci	réélection	noun	fra
originalament	adverb	oci	originellement	adverb	fra
originalament	adverb	oci	originalement	adverb	fra
multiculturalisme	noun	oci	multiculturalisme	noun	fra
Tita	properNoun	oci	Tita	properNoun	fra
Émilie	properNoun	oci	Émilie	properNoun	fra
Llombart	properNoun	oci	Llombart	properNoun	fra
arbitrari	noun	oci	arbitraire	noun	fra
Contreras	properNoun	oci	Contreras	properNoun	fra
Llarena	properNoun	oci	Llarena	properNoun	fra
Petitpas	properNoun	oci	Petitpas	properNoun	fra
mamà	noun	oci	maman	noun	fra
Hakim	properNoun	oci	Hakim	properNoun	fra
rumar	verb	oci	roussir	verb	fra
Alcolea	properNoun	oci	Alcolea	properNoun	fra
Ludovic	properNoun	oci	Ludovic	properNoun	fra
presentable	adjective	oci	présentable	adjective	fra
determinat	adjective	oci	déterminé	adjective	fra
Palumbo	properNoun	oci	Palumbo	properNoun	fra
III	numeral	oci	III	numeral	fra
III	numeral	oci	IIIe	adjective	fra
III	numeral	oci	IIIème	adjective	fra
Luiz	properNoun	oci	Luiz	properNoun	fra
lanièr	adjective	oci	lainier	adjective	fra
significativament	adverb	oci	significativement	adverb	fra
ciclòn	noun	oci	cyclone	noun	fra
referent	noun	oci	référent	noun	fra
UPN	noun	oci	UPN	noun	fra
Etxeberria	properNoun	oci	Etxeberria	properNoun	fra
vinicòla	adjective	oci	vinicole	adjective	fra
moment	noun	oci	moment	noun	fra
Magny	properNoun	oci	Magny	properNoun	fra
Botelho	properNoun	oci	Botelho	properNoun	fra
solemnizar	verb	oci	solemniser	verb	fra
majofa	noun	oci	fraise	noun	fra
Bourcier	properNoun	oci	Bourcier	properNoun	fra
Violetta	properNoun	oci	Violetta	properNoun	fra
Casal	properNoun	oci	Casal	properNoun	fra
Campama	properNoun	oci	Campama	properNoun	fra
bodega	noun	oci	cornemuse	noun	fra
Anjali	properNoun	oci	Anjali	properNoun	fra
Janota	properNoun	oci	Janota	properNoun	fra
Dorais	properNoun	oci	Dorais	properNoun	fra
filologia	noun	oci	philologie	noun	fra
fornir	verb	oci	fournir	verb	fra
abrogacion	noun	oci	abrogation	noun	fra
Lakoff	properNoun	oci	Lakoff	properNoun	fra
consecracion	noun	oci	consécration	noun	fra
Sanders	properNoun	oci	Sanders	properNoun	fra
primièr	adjective	oci	premier	adjective	fra
Maite	properNoun	oci	Maite	properNoun	fra
regir	verb	oci	régir	verb	fra
dessobtar	verb	oci	surprendre	verb	fra
reivindicacion	noun	oci	revendication	noun	fra
Roberts	properNoun	oci	Roberts	properNoun	fra
luxuriant	adjective	oci	luxuriant	adjective	fra
autoretrach	noun	oci	autoportrait	noun	fra
Campmany	properNoun	oci	Campmany	properNoun	fra
reformador	adjective	oci	réformateur	adjective	fra
suprèm	adjective	oci	suprême	adjective	fra
psiquicament	adverb	oci	psychiquement	adverb	fra
vulgarizator	adjective	oci	vulgarisateur	adjective	fra
zigazaguejar	verb	oci	zigzaguer	verb	fra
de biais que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	de façon que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Ivo	properNoun	oci	Ivo	properNoun	fra
estòla	noun	oci	étole	noun	fra
Comin	properNoun	oci	Comin	properNoun	fra
lo	pronoun	oci	le	pronoun	fra
lo	pronoun	oci	le	determiner	fra
lo	determiner	oci	le	pronoun	fra
lo	determiner	oci	le	determiner	fra
idolatra	adjective	oci	idolâtre	adjective	fra
Moore	properNoun	oci	Moore	properNoun	fra
aeropòrt	noun	oci	aéroport	noun	fra
atenenc	adjective	oci	athénien	adjective	fra
gueisèr	noun	oci	geyser	noun	fra
tanplan	adverb	oci	aussi	adverb	fra
a	preposition	oci	à	preposition	fra
Ug	properNoun	oci	Hugues	properNoun	fra
Ug	properNoun	oci	Ug	properNoun	fra
especialament	adverb	oci	spécialement	adverb	fra
bais	noun	oci	baiser	noun	fra
monista	noun	oci	moniste	noun	fra
espanholista	adjective	oci	espagnoliste	adjective	fra
Tokugawa	properNoun	oci	Tokugawa	properNoun	fra
Macedo	properNoun	oci	Macedo	properNoun	fra
propòsit	noun	oci	dessein	noun	fra
Bernabéu	properNoun	oci	Bernabéu	properNoun	fra
Rocafort	properNoun	oci	Rocafort	properNoun	fra
Beléndez	properNoun	oci	Beléndez	properNoun	fra
Scraire	properNoun	oci	Scraire	properNoun	fra
vuechanta sèt	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-sept	numeral	fra
Xufré	properNoun	oci	Xufré	properNoun	fra
craba	noun	oci	chèvre	noun	fra
Rusiñol	properNoun	oci	Rusiñol	properNoun	fra
oronimia	noun	oci	oronymie	noun	fra
Gardiner	properNoun	oci	Gardiner	properNoun	fra
fugacitat	noun	oci	fugacité	noun	fra
indisciplinable	adjective	oci	indisciplinable	adjective	fra
Balagué	properNoun	oci	Balagué	properNoun	fra
Liberty	properNoun	oci	Liberty	properNoun	fra
Marino	properNoun	oci	Marino	properNoun	fra
compacte	adjective	oci	compact	adjective	fra
Bouvette	properNoun	oci	Bouvette	properNoun	fra
von Schönborn	properNoun	oci	von Schönborn	properNoun	fra
parafonia	noun	oci	paraphonie	noun	fra
penitent	noun	oci	pénitent	noun	fra
Beloin	properNoun	oci	Beloin	properNoun	fra
embotelhatge	noun	oci	embouteillage	noun	fra
evocar	verb	oci	évoquer	verb	fra
Verheugen	properNoun	oci	Verheugen	properNoun	fra
organista	noun	oci	organiste	noun	fra
Armitage	properNoun	oci	Armitage	properNoun	fra
cardon	noun	oci	chardon	noun	fra
fetichizacion	noun	oci	fétichisation	noun	fra
Ibars	properNoun	oci	Ibars	properNoun	fra
Camuñas	properNoun	oci	Camuñas	properNoun	fra
WRC	noun	oci	WRC	noun	fra
mai	noun	oci	mai	noun	fra
Varona	properNoun	oci	Varona	properNoun	fra
Val	properNoun	oci	Val	properNoun	fra
Viejo	properNoun	oci	Viejo	properNoun	fra
aciditat	noun	oci	acidité	noun	fra
exceptat	preposition	oci	excepté	preposition	fra
segondar	verb	oci	seconder	verb	fra
Xiang	properNoun	oci	Xiang	properNoun	fra
convexitat	noun	oci	convexité	noun	fra
tamponejar	verb	oci	boucher	verb	fra
quilo	noun	oci	kilogramme	noun	fra
abdominal	noun	oci	abdominal	noun	fra
Contador	properNoun	oci	Contador	properNoun	fra
convulsat	adjective	oci	convulsé	adjective	fra
Berteau	properNoun	oci	Berteau	properNoun	fra
enrotlar	verb	oci	enrôler	verb	fra
arborat	adjective	oci	arboré	adjective	fra
consomacion	noun	oci	consommation	noun	fra
drama	noun	oci	drame	noun	fra
Reyes	properNoun	oci	Reyes	properNoun	fra
tres cents	numeral	oci	trois-cent	numeral	fra
tres cents	numeral	oci	trois cent	numeral	fra
al sen de	preposition	oci	au sein de	preposition	fra
Santaló	properNoun	oci	Santaló	properNoun	fra
arrepervèri	noun	oci	proverbe	noun	fra
Seguer	properNoun	oci	Seguer	properNoun	fra
Huygens	properNoun	oci	Huygens	properNoun	fra
Adolf	properNoun	oci	Adolf	properNoun	fra
Huntington	properNoun	oci	Huntington	properNoun	fra
fortificacion	noun	oci	fortification	noun	fra
patesejaire	adjective	oci	patoisant	adjective	fra
profèta	noun	oci	prophète	noun	fra
Richer	properNoun	oci	Richer	properNoun	fra
Esmour	properNoun	oci	Esmour	properNoun	fra
bus	noun	oci	bus	noun	fra
Whittle	properNoun	oci	Whittle	properNoun	fra
Borrego	properNoun	oci	Borrego	properNoun	fra
aclapar	verb	oci	accabler	verb	fra
aclapar	verb	oci	désarçonner	verb	fra
colorimetria	noun	oci	colorimétrie	noun	fra
ventar	verb	oci	venter	verb	fra
bronda	noun	oci	frondaison	noun	fra
Dizazzo	properNoun	oci	Dizazzo	properNoun	fra
Tamarit	properNoun	oci	Tamarit	properNoun	fra
perfilar	verb	oci	profiler	verb	fra
Oconnor	properNoun	oci	Oconnor	properNoun	fra
riband	noun	oci	ruban	noun	fra
Palau	properNoun	oci	Palau	properNoun	fra
anticatalan	adjective	oci	anticatalan	adjective	fra
Saratov	properNoun	oci	Saratov	properNoun	fra
gropament	noun	oci	groupement	noun	fra
abilament	adverb	oci	habilement	adverb	fra
aberracion	noun	oci	aberration	noun	fra
a dicha que	preposition	oci	au fur et à mesure que	preposition	fra
jol pretèxt que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	sous prétexte que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
incalculable	adjective	oci	incalculable	adjective	fra
PlayStation	properNoun	oci	PlayStation	properNoun	fra
anacorèta	noun	oci	anachorète	noun	fra
pontificar	verb	oci	pontifier	verb	fra
Cavendish	properNoun	oci	Cavendish	properNoun	fra
publicament	adverb	oci	publiquement	adverb	fra
Reus	properNoun	oci	Reus	properNoun	fra
gascon	adjective	oci	gascon	adjective	fra
complèxe	noun	oci	complexe	noun	fra
Montenegro	properNoun	oci	Monténégro	properNoun	fra
Montenegro	properNoun	oci	Montenegro	properNoun	fra
tamborin	noun	oci	tambourin	noun	fra
Cebriá	properNoun	oci	Cebriá	properNoun	fra
convidar	verb	oci	convier	verb	fra
convidar	verb	oci	inviter	verb	fra
Octeau	properNoun	oci	Octeau	properNoun	fra
Sloan	properNoun	oci	Sloan	properNoun	fra
Cyrano de Bergerac	properNoun	oci	Cyrano de Bergerac	properNoun	fra
idroxid	noun	oci	hydroxyde	noun	fra
Findlay	properNoun	oci	Findlay	properNoun	fra
balar	verb	oci	danser	verb	fra
balar	verb	oci	baller	verb	fra
fregata	noun	oci	frégate	noun	fra
saludar	verb	oci	saluer	verb	fra
apuèi que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	après que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
cargador	noun	oci	chargeur	noun	fra
Rohrabacher	properNoun	oci	Rohrabacher	properNoun	fra
Torre	properNoun	oci	Torre	properNoun	fra
Villalonga	properNoun	oci	Villalonga	properNoun	fra
Dickens	properNoun	oci	Dickens	properNoun	fra
Cavour	properNoun	oci	Cavour	properNoun	fra
galvanizar	verb	oci	galvaniser	verb	fra
a ronfle	adverb	oci	à foison	adverb	fra
cambra	noun	oci	chambre	noun	fra
formulacion	noun	oci	formulation	noun	fra
abecedari	noun	oci	alphabet	noun	fra
abecedari	noun	oci	abécédaire	noun	fra
Voiselle	properNoun	oci	Voiselle	properNoun	fra
Klimt	properNoun	oci	Klimt	properNoun	fra
exercir	verb	oci	exercer	verb	fra
Descheneaux	properNoun	oci	Descheneaux	properNoun	fra
sufixe	noun	oci	suffixe	noun	fra
Kennedy	properNoun	oci	Kennedy	properNoun	fra
ligam	noun	oci	lien	noun	fra
escais-nom	noun	oci	sobriquet	noun	fra
aurelheta	noun	oci	girolle	noun	fra
risc	noun	oci	risque	noun	fra
etiqueta	noun	oci	étiquette	noun	fra
engolir	verb	oci	avaler	verb	fra
Salsé	properNoun	oci	Salsé	properNoun	fra
addiccion	noun	oci	addiction	noun	fra
anullacion	noun	oci	annulation	noun	fra
agrandir	verb	oci	agrandir	verb	fra
Briz	properNoun	oci	Briz	properNoun	fra
Etxeberri	properNoun	oci	Etxeberri	properNoun	fra
contentar	verb	oci	contenter	verb	fra
natacion	noun	oci	natation	noun	fra
natacion	noun	oci	nage	noun	fra
Émery	properNoun	oci	Émery	properNoun	fra
exclusivament	adverb	oci	exclusivement	adverb	fra
Khedam	properNoun	oci	Khedam	properNoun	fra
Dumons	properNoun	oci	Dumons	properNoun	fra
cronometrable	adjective	oci	chronométrable	adjective	fra
rite	noun	oci	rite	noun	fra
Chérif	properNoun	oci	Chérif	properNoun	fra
ordenator	noun	oci	ordinateur	noun	fra
protoplasma	noun	oci	protoplasma	noun	fra
protoplasma	noun	oci	protoplasme	noun	fra
von Doblhoff	properNoun	oci	von Doblhoff	properNoun	fra
tenent	preposition	oci	attenant	preposition	fra
St-Denis	properNoun	oci	St-Denis	properNoun	fra
cargason	noun	oci	charge	noun	fra
cargason	noun	oci	cargaison	noun	fra
escapament	noun	oci	échappement	noun	fra
Padial	properNoun	oci	Padial	properNoun	fra
templièr	noun	oci	templier	noun	fra
Ayllón	properNoun	oci	Ayllón	properNoun	fra
Kiya	properNoun	oci	Kiya	properNoun	fra
bactèri	noun	oci	bactérie	noun	fra
siure	noun	oci	liège	noun	fra
al moment de	preposition	oci	au moment de	preposition	fra
encensament	noun	oci	encensement	noun	fra
dur	noun	oci	dur	noun	fra
quaranta uèch	numeral	oci	quarante-huit	numeral	fra
cendrièr	noun	oci	centenaire	noun	fra
cendrièr	noun	oci	cendrier	noun	fra
oitanta sèt	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-sept	numeral	fra
Chénier	properNoun	oci	Chénier	properNoun	fra
rove	noun	oci	rouvre	noun	fra
oceanian	adjective	oci	océanien	adjective	fra
Sabbah	properNoun	oci	Sabbah	properNoun	fra
Senior	properNoun	oci	Senior	properNoun	fra
atèu	adjective	oci	athée	adjective	fra
Flandra	properNoun	oci	Flandres	properNoun	fra
Flandra	properNoun	oci	Flandre	properNoun	fra
ipostasi	noun	oci	hypostase	noun	fra
bancarrota	noun	oci	banqueroute	noun	fra
Hudson	properNoun	oci	Hudson	properNoun	fra
favoritisme	noun	oci	favoritisme	noun	fra
Lopategi	properNoun	oci	Lopategi	properNoun	fra
Veciana	properNoun	oci	Veciana	properNoun	fra
Cordobés	properNoun	oci	Cordobés	properNoun	fra
Triquell	properNoun	oci	Triquell	properNoun	fra
Ruscalleda	properNoun	oci	Ruscalleda	properNoun	fra
univèrs	noun	oci	univers	noun	fra
Frisa	properNoun	oci	Frise	properNoun	fra
Costanzo	properNoun	oci	Costanzo	properNoun	fra
2d	adjective	oci	2nd	adjective	fra
Secombe	properNoun	oci	Secombe	properNoun	fra
Dibiase	properNoun	oci	Dibiase	properNoun	fra
prigondament	adverb	oci	profondément	adverb	fra
centurion	noun	oci	centurion	noun	fra
Degrâce	properNoun	oci	Degrâce	properNoun	fra
aproximatiu	adjective	oci	approximatif	adjective	fra
Lavoie	properNoun	oci	Lavoie	properNoun	fra
Laperrière	properNoun	oci	Laperrière	properNoun	fra
pesar	verb	oci	peser	verb	fra
cangrèna	noun	oci	gangrène	noun	fra
Robidas	properNoun	oci	Robidas	properNoun	fra
confeccionar	verb	oci	confectionner	verb	fra
Catalifaud	properNoun	oci	Catalifaud	properNoun	fra
Göring	properNoun	oci	Göring	properNoun	fra
fustièr	noun	oci	menuisier	noun	fra
erudicion	noun	oci	érudition	noun	fra
Dulong	properNoun	oci	Dulong	properNoun	fra
Sheridan	properNoun	oci	Sheridan	properNoun	fra
liturgicament	adverb	oci	liturgiquement	adverb	fra
aflictiu	adjective	oci	afflictif	adjective	fra
aflictiu	adjective	oci	affligeant	adjective	fra
dobrir	verb	oci	écarquiller	verb	fra
dobrir	verb	oci	épanouir	verb	fra
dobrir	verb	oci	ouvrir	verb	fra
Topping	properNoun	oci	Topping	properNoun	fra
Domènech	properNoun	oci	Domènech	properNoun	fra
accionista	noun	oci	actionnaire	noun	fra
Malépart	properNoun	oci	Malépart	properNoun	fra
permanent	noun	oci	permanent	noun	fra
racionalista	adjective	oci	rationaliste	adjective	fra
narcissic	adjective	oci	narcissique	adjective	fra
enlà	adverb	oci	là-bas	adverb	fra
Fontanillas	properNoun	oci	Fontanillas	properNoun	fra
Parera	properNoun	oci	Parera	properNoun	fra
Raduá	properNoun	oci	Raduá	properNoun	fra
Sela	properNoun	oci	Sela	properNoun	fra
Précourt	properNoun	oci	Précourt	properNoun	fra
Catarina	properNoun	oci	Catarina	properNoun	fra
Catarina	properNoun	oci	Catherine	properNoun	fra
caritat	noun	oci	charité	noun	fra
preveir	verb	oci	prévoir	verb	fra
planaire	noun	oci	planeur	noun	fra
Devito	properNoun	oci	Devito	properNoun	fra
incitacion	noun	oci	incitation	noun	fra
Boehm	properNoun	oci	Boehm	properNoun	fra
amant	adjective	oci	amant	adjective	fra
Marinella	properNoun	oci	Marinella	properNoun	fra
Félicie	properNoun	oci	Félicie	properNoun	fra
Gaulin	properNoun	oci	Gaulin	properNoun	fra
immortalizar	verb	oci	immortaliser	verb	fra
Loubier	properNoun	oci	Loubier	properNoun	fra
fondamentalament	adverb	oci	fondamentalement	adverb	fra
Raquel	properNoun	oci	Raquel	properNoun	fra
exclamatiu	adjective	oci	exclamatif	adjective	fra
benèster	noun	oci	bien-être	noun	fra
Pajuelo	properNoun	oci	Pajuelo	properNoun	fra
Regidor	properNoun	oci	Regidor	properNoun	fra
Helen	properNoun	oci	Helen	properNoun	fra
cardiovascular	adjective	oci	cardiovasculaire	adjective	fra
beveder	adjective	oci	potable	adjective	fra
lotjament	noun	oci	logement	noun	fra
lotjament	noun	oci	hébergement	noun	fra
Nogales	properNoun	oci	Nogales	properNoun	fra
neuropsicologia	noun	oci	neuropsychologie	noun	fra
Cantos	properNoun	oci	Cantos	properNoun	fra
triada	noun	oci	triade	noun	fra
Arce	properNoun	oci	Arce	properNoun	fra
subrepopulacion	noun	oci	surpopulation	noun	fra
medicacion	noun	oci	médication	noun	fra
Jauvin	properNoun	oci	Jauvin	properNoun	fra
alfa	noun	oci	alpha	noun	fra
alfa	noun	oci	blancheur	noun	fra
barbar	adjective	oci	barbare	adjective	fra
explotable	adjective	oci	exploitable	adjective	fra
concòrdia	noun	oci	concorde	noun	fra
Veolia	properNoun	oci	Veolia	properNoun	fra
secórrer	verb	oci	secourir	verb	fra
tecnicitat	noun	oci	technicité	noun	fra
Litvinenko	properNoun	oci	Litvinenko	properNoun	fra
medic	adjective	oci	médique	adjective	fra
Osei	properNoun	oci	Osei	properNoun	fra
cabussada	noun	oci	plongée	noun	fra
Camille	properNoun	oci	Camille	properNoun	fra
expèrt	adjective	oci	expert	adjective	fra
Quan	properNoun	oci	Quan	properNoun	fra
benigne	adjective	oci	bénin	adjective	fra
brigalhat	adjective	oci	brisé	adjective	fra
extrinsecisme	noun	oci	extrinsécisme	noun	fra
partit	adjective	oci	parti	adjective	fra
bernés	adjective	oci	bernois	adjective	fra
Charlotte	properNoun	oci	Charlotte	properNoun	fra
gregari	adjective	oci	grégaire	adjective	fra
acceleracion	noun	oci	accélération	noun	fra
Conflent	properNoun	oci	Conflent	properNoun	fra
Tibre	properNoun	oci	Tibre	properNoun	fra
premonitòri	adjective	oci	prémonitoire	adjective	fra
arjau	noun	oci	barre	noun	fra
Lucrécia	properNoun	oci	Lucrèce	properNoun	fra
semença	noun	oci	graine	noun	fra
semença	noun	oci	semence	noun	fra
elvetic	adjective	oci	helvétique	adjective	fra
Humayun	properNoun	oci	Humayun	properNoun	fra
Magri	properNoun	oci	Magri	properNoun	fra
receptor	noun	oci	récepteur	noun	fra
performant	adjective	oci	performant	adjective	fra
cartografe	noun	oci	cartographe	noun	fra
espargue	noun	oci	asperge	noun	fra
Cuixart	properNoun	oci	Cuixart	properNoun	fra
absolut	adjective	oci	absolu	adjective	fra
trabalhador	noun	oci	travailleur	noun	fra
freg	adjective	oci	froid	adjective	fra
Ventemilha	properNoun	oci	Vintimille	properNoun	fra
Hynes	properNoun	oci	Hynes	properNoun	fra
Carbona	properNoun	oci	Carbona	properNoun	fra
Bonhomme	properNoun	oci	Bonhomme	properNoun	fra
limona	noun	oci	citron	noun	fra
Reales	properNoun	oci	Reales	properNoun	fra
notòri	adjective	oci	notoire	adjective	fra
prononciament	noun	oci	prononcement	noun	fra
Weistche	properNoun	oci	Weistche	properNoun	fra
Masella	properNoun	oci	Masella	properNoun	fra
Magda	properNoun	oci	Magda	properNoun	fra
onorablament	adverb	oci	honorablement	adverb	fra
brochilhon	noun	oci	brindille	noun	fra
Netanyahu	properNoun	oci	Netanyahu	properNoun	fra
Netanyahu	properNoun	oci	Netanyahou	properNoun	fra
Bermudo	properNoun	oci	Bermudo	properNoun	fra
sèt cents	numeral	oci	sept-cent	numeral	fra
sèt cents	numeral	oci	sept cent	numeral	fra
programacion	noun	oci	programmation	noun	fra
sudafrican	adjective	oci	sud-africain	adjective	fra
Pouliot	properNoun	oci	Pouliot	properNoun	fra
Rosie	properNoun	oci	Rosie	properNoun	fra
l'annada passada	adverb	oci	l'année dernière	adverb	fra
obratge	noun	oci	ouvrage	noun	fra
tuador	noun	oci	tueur	noun	fra
bosiga	noun	oci	friche	noun	fra
contròl	noun	oci	contrôle	noun	fra
culturalament	adverb	oci	culturellement	adverb	fra
associacionisme	noun	oci	associationnisme	noun	fra
Scarlatti	properNoun	oci	Scarlatti	properNoun	fra
Mumbru	properNoun	oci	Mumbru	properNoun	fra
Bolívar	properNoun	oci	Bolívar	properNoun	fra
Faura	properNoun	oci	Faura	properNoun	fra
Ciurana	properNoun	oci	Ciurana	properNoun	fra
RC	noun	oci	RC	noun	fra
a plen de cap	adverb	oci	à tue-tête	adverb	fra
Rowe	properNoun	oci	Rowe	properNoun	fra
prompte	adverb	oci	vite	adverb	fra
Pedraza	properNoun	oci	Pedraza	properNoun	fra
feminitat	noun	oci	féminité	noun	fra
urban	adjective	oci	urbain	adjective	fra
abans que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	avant que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
briologia	noun	oci	bryologie	noun	fra
immergit	adjective	oci	immergé	adjective	fra
Judith	properNoun	oci	Judith	properNoun	fra
ordenacion	noun	oci	ordination	noun	fra
Morilla	properNoun	oci	Morilla	properNoun	fra
electrofil	adjective	oci	électrophile	adjective	fra
La Rosa	properNoun	oci	La Rosa	properNoun	fra
Gallichan	properNoun	oci	Gallichan	properNoun	fra
extasiar	verb	oci	extasier	verb	fra
Alduntzin	properNoun	oci	Alduntzin	properNoun	fra
agrandiment	noun	oci	acroissement	noun	fra
Quinn	properNoun	oci	Quinn	properNoun	fra
garnit	adjective	oci	fourré	adjective	fra
Khomeini	properNoun	oci	Khomeini	properNoun	fra
Heidfeld	properNoun	oci	Heidfeld	properNoun	fra
calvinisme	noun	oci	calvinisme	noun	fra
Valmaña	properNoun	oci	Valmaña	properNoun	fra
Gilabert	properNoun	oci	Gilabert	properNoun	fra
a la contra	adverb	oci	au contraire	adverb	fra
endravar	verb	oci	envelopper	verb	fra
endravar	verb	oci	entortiller	verb	fra
Calvadòs	properNoun	oci	Calvados	properNoun	fra
immersion	noun	oci	immersion	noun	fra
immersion	noun	oci	plongée	noun	fra
Agrippa	properNoun	oci	Agrippa	properNoun	fra
X	numeral	oci	Xème	adjective	fra
X	numeral	oci	Xe	adjective	fra
X	numeral	oci	X	numeral	fra
Anchustegi	properNoun	oci	Anchustegi	properNoun	fra
a gratis	adjective	oci	gratis	adjective	fra
terratremol	noun	oci	tremblement de terre	noun	fra
Dinares	properNoun	oci	Dinares	properNoun	fra
Violeta	properNoun	oci	Violeta	properNoun	fra
a dich de	preposition	oci	à force de	preposition	fra
McAllister	properNoun	oci	McAllister	properNoun	fra
Corrigan	properNoun	oci	Corrigan	properNoun	fra
esperança	noun	oci	espérance	noun	fra
von Bremen	properNoun	oci	von Bremen	properNoun	fra
capítol	noun	oci	chapitre	noun	fra
Drummond	properNoun	oci	Drummond	properNoun	fra
tantòst	noun	oci	après-midi	noun	fra
gost	noun	oci	goût	noun	fra
Destroismaisons	properNoun	oci	Destroismaisons	properNoun	fra
tè	noun	oci	thé	noun	fra
universalizar	verb	oci	universaliser	verb	fra
insomnia	noun	oci	insomnie	noun	fra
fruchós	adjective	oci	fruitier	adjective	fra
fruchós	adjective	oci	fructueux	adjective	fra
Imanol	properNoun	oci	Imanol	properNoun	fra
de Molina	properNoun	oci	de Molina	properNoun	fra
fluorescéncia	noun	oci	fluorescence	noun	fra
Sant-Vincent-e-los-Grenadines	properNoun	oci	Saint-Vincent-et-les-Grenadines	properNoun	fra
gip	noun	oci	gypse	noun	fra
gip	noun	oci	plâtre	noun	fra
Bettencourt	properNoun	oci	Bettencourt	properNoun	fra
connectica	noun	oci	connectique	noun	fra
Mazerolle	properNoun	oci	Mazerolle	properNoun	fra
Rudí	properNoun	oci	Rudí	properNoun	fra
galion	noun	oci	galion	noun	fra
endeman	noun	oci	lendemain	noun	fra
aplasia	noun	oci	aplasie	noun	fra
de per abans	adverb	oci	auparavant	adverb	fra
reductor	adjective	oci	réducteur	adjective	fra
Ceuta	properNoun	oci	Ceuta	properNoun	fra
aigador	noun	oci	arrosoir	noun	fra
Orduña	properNoun	oci	Orduña	properNoun	fra
perfum	noun	oci	parfum	noun	fra
constituent	noun	oci	constituant	noun	fra
Tienda	properNoun	oci	Tienda	properNoun	fra
dins	preposition	oci	dans	preposition	fra
municipalitat	noun	oci	municipalité	noun	fra
Deschambault	properNoun	oci	Deschambault	properNoun	fra
Melenchon	properNoun	oci	Melenchon	properNoun	fra
tòrs	noun	oci	torse	noun	fra
Carolla	properNoun	oci	Carolla	properNoun	fra
Pedrola	properNoun	oci	Pedrola	properNoun	fra
Saturne	properNoun	oci	Saturne	properNoun	fra
infrangible	adjective	oci	infrangible	adjective	fra
emisfèri	noun	oci	hémisphère	noun	fra
fusion	noun	oci	fusion	noun	fra
Perna	properNoun	oci	Perna	properNoun	fra
teleologia	noun	oci	téléologie	noun	fra
triplet	noun	oci	triplet	noun	fra
Alfred	properNoun	oci	Alfred	properNoun	fra
Maher	properNoun	oci	Maher	properNoun	fra
Guernon	properNoun	oci	Guernon	properNoun	fra
Domenja	properNoun	oci	Domenja	properNoun	fra
Sanabra	properNoun	oci	Sanabra	properNoun	fra
Tata	properNoun	oci	Tata	properNoun	fra
car	adjective	oci	cher	adjective	fra
subtilitat	noun	oci	subtilité	noun	fra
Rival	properNoun	oci	Rival	properNoun	fra
Marsolais	properNoun	oci	Marsolais	properNoun	fra
ventilacion	noun	oci	ventilation	noun	fra
compressa	noun	oci	compresse	noun	fra
convenir	verb	oci	convenir	verb	fra
Nauta Marna	properNoun	oci	Haute-Marne	properNoun	fra
Sèina e Marna	properNoun	oci	Seine-et-Marne	properNoun	fra
Sèina e Marna	properNoun	oci	Seine et Marne	properNoun	fra
cadieràs	noun	oci	fauteuil	noun	fra
carnivòr	noun	oci	carnivore	noun	fra
commutatiu	adjective	oci	commutatif	adjective	fra
criselefantin	adjective	oci	chryséléphantin	adjective	fra
mistificacion	noun	oci	mistification	noun	fra
Constantina	properNoun	oci	Constantine	properNoun	fra
irresistible	adjective	oci	irrésistible	adjective	fra
epidemiologia	noun	oci	épidémiologie	noun	fra
nonanta nau	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-dix-neuf	numeral	fra
indicible	adjective	oci	indicible	adjective	fra
accèssit	noun	oci	accessit	noun	fra
presentador	noun	oci	présentateur	noun	fra
lampa	noun	oci	lampe	noun	fra
silvèstre	adjective	oci	sylvestre	adjective	fra
Dacosta	properNoun	oci	Dacosta	properNoun	fra
Niça	properNoun	oci	Nice	properNoun	fra
plantejament	noun	oci	exposé	noun	fra
Capo	properNoun	oci	Capo	properNoun	fra
cadea	noun	oci	chaîne	noun	fra
Mermelstein	properNoun	oci	Mermelstein	properNoun	fra
islandés	adjective	oci	islandais	adjective	fra
Garcia	properNoun	oci	Garcia	properNoun	fra
barar	verb	oci	baller	verb	fra
barar	verb	oci	danser	verb	fra
francofòn	noun	oci	francophone	noun	fra
Doherty	properNoun	oci	Doherty	properNoun	fra
encerclament	noun	oci	encerclement	noun	fra
Vaudry	properNoun	oci	Vaudry	properNoun	fra
guatemaltèc	noun	oci	Guatémaltèque	noun	fra
identicament	adverb	oci	identiquement	adverb	fra
virtuositat	noun	oci	virtuosité	noun	fra
Boland	properNoun	oci	Boland	properNoun	fra
grand	noun	oci	grand-mère	noun	fra
grand	noun	oci	grand-père	noun	fra
grand	noun	oci	grand	noun	fra
suicidar	verb	oci	suicider	verb	fra
Shepard	properNoun	oci	Shepard	properNoun	fra
mai que mai	adverb	oci	surtout	adverb	fra
Piebalgs	properNoun	oci	Piebalgs	properNoun	fra
Emili	properNoun	oci	Emili	properNoun	fra
Márquez	properNoun	oci	Márquez	properNoun	fra
Emanuèl	properNoun	oci	Emanuèl	properNoun	fra
Emanuèl	properNoun	oci	Emmanuel	properNoun	fra
Newark	properNoun	oci	Newark	properNoun	fra
Buch	properNoun	oci	Buch	properNoun	fra
pelegrinatge	noun	oci	pèlerinage	noun	fra
Gutiérrez	properNoun	oci	Gutiérrez	properNoun	fra
Owner	properNoun	oci	Owner	properNoun	fra
Ponsati	properNoun	oci	Ponsati	properNoun	fra
cariocinèsi	noun	oci	caryocinèse	noun	fra
von Lipwig	properNoun	oci	von Lipwig	properNoun	fra
independéncia	noun	oci	indépendance	noun	fra
Esquerré	properNoun	oci	Esquerré	properNoun	fra
Daniele	properNoun	oci	Daniele	properNoun	fra
fanatisme	noun	oci	fanatisme	noun	fra
nenon	noun	oci	bébé	noun	fra
flotason	noun	oci	flottaison	noun	fra
gait	noun	oci	guet	noun	fra
deduire	verb	oci	déduire	verb	fra
protocòlle	noun	oci	protocole	noun	fra
Mullins	properNoun	oci	Mullins	properNoun	fra
depression	noun	oci	dépression	noun	fra
Renfe	properNoun	oci	Renfe	properNoun	fra
pensiu	adjective	oci	pensif	adjective	fra
aganchar	verb	oci	rejoindre	verb	fra
aganchar	verb	oci	prendre	verb	fra
aganchar	verb	oci	saisir	verb	fra
subsequent	adjective	oci	subséquent	adjective	fra
Pitt	properNoun	oci	Pitt	properNoun	fra
AMC	noun	oci	AMC	noun	fra
desemborrassar	verb	oci	dérouler	verb	fra
desemborrassar	verb	oci	développer	verb	fra
Castelli	properNoun	oci	Castelli	properNoun	fra
sectorizacion	noun	oci	sectorisation	noun	fra
McLaren	properNoun	oci	McLaren	properNoun	fra
Mortimer	properNoun	oci	Mortimer	properNoun	fra
Sanchís	properNoun	oci	Sanchís	properNoun	fra
ANP	noun	oci	ANP	noun	fra
fictiu	adjective	oci	fictif	adjective	fra
succedir	verb	oci	arriver	verb	fra
succedir	verb	oci	succéder	verb	fra
Galvañ	properNoun	oci	Galvañ	properNoun	fra
Térmens	properNoun	oci	Térmens	properNoun	fra
Fiorenza	properNoun	oci	Fiorenza	properNoun	fra
Bergen	properNoun	oci	Bergen	properNoun	fra
interrupcion	noun	oci	disruption	noun	fra
interrupcion	noun	oci	interruption	noun	fra
marbre	noun	oci	marbre	noun	fra
Hildenbrand	properNoun	oci	Hildenbrand	properNoun	fra
sopar	noun	oci	dîner	noun	fra
sopar	noun	oci	souper	noun	fra
Daschle	properNoun	oci	Daschle	properNoun	fra
Borrega	properNoun	oci	Borrega	properNoun	fra
dialogar	verb	oci	dialoguer	verb	fra
Marichal	properNoun	oci	Marichal	properNoun	fra
Créteil	properNoun	oci	Créteil	properNoun	fra
de tal biais que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	de telle sorte que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Belgrad	properNoun	oci	Belgrade	properNoun	fra
francament	adverb	oci	franchement	adverb	fra
en collaboracion	adverb	oci	en collaboration	adverb	fra
a la vista de	preposition	oci	à la vue de	preposition	fra
infraestructura	noun	oci	infrastructure	noun	fra
regenerar	verb	oci	régénérer	verb	fra
Hamsun	properNoun	oci	Hamsun	properNoun	fra
Somalia	properNoun	oci	Somalie	properNoun	fra
Marine	properNoun	oci	Marine	properNoun	fra
tèma	noun	oci	thème	noun	fra
Diago	properNoun	oci	Diago	properNoun	fra
acreditacion	noun	oci	accréditation	noun	fra
Morin	properNoun	oci	Morin	properNoun	fra
alludir	verb	oci	faire allusion à	verb	fra
fisiologic	adjective	oci	physiologique	adjective	fra
OTAN	properNoun	oci	OTAN	properNoun	fra
folet	noun	oci	lutin	noun	fra
folet	noun	oci	troll	noun	fra
Voynet	properNoun	oci	Voynet	properNoun	fra
vibre	noun	oci	castor	noun	fra
Nòva Aquitània	properNoun	oci	Nouvelle-Aquitaine	properNoun	fra
afisat	adjective	oci	affidé	adjective	fra
Châlons-en-Champagne	properNoun	oci	Châlons-en-Champagne	properNoun	fra
inutilizar	verb	oci	inutiliser	verb	fra
precedir	verb	oci	précéder	verb	fra
Scalia	properNoun	oci	Scalia	properNoun	fra
contradire	verb	oci	contredire	verb	fra
Tarrasón	properNoun	oci	Tarrasón	properNoun	fra
Régine	properNoun	oci	Régine	properNoun	fra
retirat	adjective	oci	retraité	adjective	fra
alpinisme	noun	oci	alpinisme	noun	fra
consecucion	noun	oci	consécution	noun	fra
febril	adjective	oci	fébrile	adjective	fra
discriminar	verb	oci	discriminer	verb	fra
entendement	noun	oci	entendement	noun	fra
Londres	properNoun	oci	Londres	properNoun	fra
bèl brieu	adverb	oci	longtemps	adverb	fra
armorican	noun	oci	Armoricain	noun	fra
acromatic	adjective	oci	achromatique	adjective	fra
autocensura	noun	oci	autocensure	noun	fra
Hana	properNoun	oci	Hana	properNoun	fra
Gavaldà	properNoun	oci	Gavaldà	properNoun	fra
còpia	noun	oci	duplicata	noun	fra
còpia	noun	oci	copie	noun	fra
Meg	properNoun	oci	Meg	properNoun	fra
defendre	verb	oci	défendre	verb	fra
defendre	verb	oci	plaider	verb	fra
Haidar	properNoun	oci	Haidar	properNoun	fra
irrespirable	adjective	oci	irrespirable	adjective	fra
Fiona	properNoun	oci	Fiona	properNoun	fra
fotografia	noun	oci	photographie	noun	fra
semiologia	noun	oci	sémiologie	noun	fra
inelegible	adjective	oci	inéligible	adjective	fra
singlar	noun	oci	sanglier	noun	fra
Boudrias	properNoun	oci	Boudrias	properNoun	fra
alavetz	adverb	oci	alors	adverb	fra
Piper	properNoun	oci	Piper	properNoun	fra
indignacion	noun	oci	indignation	noun	fra
CHA	noun	oci	CHA	noun	fra
Sourdot	properNoun	oci	Sourdot	properNoun	fra
Muguruza	properNoun	oci	Muguruza	properNoun	fra
erectil	adjective	oci	érectile	adjective	fra
novelari	adjective	oci	débutant	adjective	fra
levar	noun	oci	lever	noun	fra
sorsa	noun	oci	source	noun	fra
alaitar	verb	oci	allaiter	verb	fra
Poveda	properNoun	oci	Poveda	properNoun	fra
colorizacion	noun	oci	colorisation	noun	fra
sergent	noun	oci	sergent	noun	fra
navigacion	noun	oci	navigation	noun	fra
litosfèra	noun	oci	lithosphère	noun	fra
de la Hoz	properNoun	oci	de la Hoz	properNoun	fra
aterrar	verb	oci	atterrir	verb	fra
Vollering	properNoun	oci	Vollering	properNoun	fra
agrementar	verb	oci	agrémenter	verb	fra
Harwood	properNoun	oci	Harwood	properNoun	fra
Elise	properNoun	oci	Elise	properNoun	fra
Scaramella	properNoun	oci	Scaramella	properNoun	fra
Barsetti	properNoun	oci	Barsetti	properNoun	fra
eterodòx	adjective	oci	hétérodoxe	adjective	fra
Kuribayashi	properNoun	oci	Kuribayashi	properNoun	fra
Portet	properNoun	oci	Portet	properNoun	fra
cecitat	noun	oci	cécité	noun	fra
Gould	properNoun	oci	Gould	properNoun	fra
Salido	properNoun	oci	Salido	properNoun	fra
Bulgakov	properNoun	oci	Boulgakov	properNoun	fra
bernés	noun	oci	Bernois	noun	fra
grisàs	adjective	oci	grisâtre	adjective	fra
cabeç	noun	oci	chevet	noun	fra
Ollé	properNoun	oci	Ollé	properNoun	fra
Sansoucy	properNoun	oci	Sansoucy	properNoun	fra
Serres	properNoun	oci	Serres	properNoun	fra
promotor	noun	oci	promoteur	noun	fra
Canu	properNoun	oci	Canu	properNoun	fra
Villon	properNoun	oci	Villon	properNoun	fra
Nietzsche	properNoun	oci	Nietzsche	properNoun	fra
comunicador	noun	oci	communicateur	noun	fra
Sampietro	properNoun	oci	Sampietro	properNoun	fra
ciclicament	adverb	oci	cycliquement	adverb	fra
abant	adverb	oci	auparavant	adverb	fra
abant	adverb	oci	avant	adverb	fra
redon	adjective	oci	rond	adjective	fra
susor	noun	oci	sueur	noun	fra
dialectologia	noun	oci	dialectologie	noun	fra
Oconnell	properNoun	oci	Oconnell	properNoun	fra
Sow	properNoun	oci	Sow	properNoun	fra
Rodolphe	properNoun	oci	Rodolphe	properNoun	fra
nombre	noun	oci	nombre	noun	fra
indian	noun	oci	Indien	noun	fra
encausa	noun	oci	cause	noun	fra
PSP	properNoun	oci	PSP	properNoun	fra
lentor	noun	oci	lenteur	noun	fra
amiral	noun	oci	amiral	noun	fra
Vallipuram	properNoun	oci	Vallipuram	properNoun	fra
Miller	properNoun	oci	Miller	properNoun	fra
barcelonin	noun	oci	Barcelonais	noun	fra
Clapton	properNoun	oci	Clapton	properNoun	fra
Bourdua	properNoun	oci	Bourdua	properNoun	fra
Muñiz	properNoun	oci	Muñiz	properNoun	fra
cauterizar	verb	oci	cautériser	verb	fra
caulet	noun	oci	chou	noun	fra
Carles	properNoun	oci	Charles	properNoun	fra
Carles	properNoun	oci	Carles	properNoun	fra
goma	noun	oci	gomme	noun	fra
ondada	noun	oci	vague	noun	fra
malaut	noun	oci	malade	noun	fra
Cordeiro	properNoun	oci	Cordeiro	properNoun	fra
Sanroma	properNoun	oci	Sanroma	properNoun	fra
aital	adverb	oci	comme ça	adverb	fra
aital	adverb	oci	ainsi	adverb	fra
restaurant	noun	oci	restaurant	noun	fra
Fischler	properNoun	oci	Fischler	properNoun	fra
Henripin	properNoun	oci	Henripin	properNoun	fra
Mompart	properNoun	oci	Mompart	properNoun	fra
Adrià	properNoun	oci	Adrià	properNoun	fra
Soliva	properNoun	oci	Soliva	properNoun	fra
Ratt	properNoun	oci	Ratt	properNoun	fra
Arregui	properNoun	oci	Arregui	properNoun	fra
Saccani	properNoun	oci	Saccani	properNoun	fra
grasala	noun	oci	terrine	noun	fra
eretièr	adjective	oci	héritier	adjective	fra
Alustiza	properNoun	oci	Alustiza	properNoun	fra
aerosfèra	noun	oci	aérosphère	noun	fra
Hanna	properNoun	oci	Hanna	properNoun	fra
cistèrna	noun	oci	citerne	noun	fra
sexologia	noun	oci	sexologie	noun	fra
Diderot	properNoun	oci	Diderot	properNoun	fra
Rana	properNoun	oci	Rana	properNoun	fra
Pepa	properNoun	oci	Pepa	properNoun	fra
Gianni	properNoun	oci	Gianni	properNoun	fra
latifondista	adjective	oci	latifondiste	adjective	fra
instituir	verb	oci	instituer	verb	fra
Alvizuri	properNoun	oci	Alvizuri	properNoun	fra
Peters	properNoun	oci	Peters	properNoun	fra
fusilhar	verb	oci	fusiller	verb	fra
Fanlo	properNoun	oci	Fanlo	properNoun	fra
cantata	noun	oci	cantate	noun	fra
rofian	noun	oci	rufian	noun	fra
de Toro	properNoun	oci	de Toro	properNoun	fra
mostacha	noun	oci	moustache	noun	fra
Puyó	properNoun	oci	Puyó	properNoun	fra
son	determiner	oci	son	determiner	fra
son	determiner	oci	son	possessivePronoun	fra
son	possessivePronoun	oci	son	determiner	fra
son	possessivePronoun	oci	son	possessivePronoun	fra
completud	noun	oci	complétude	noun	fra
vascular	adjective	oci	vasculaire	adjective	fra
FIFA	noun	oci	FIFA	noun	fra
Papin	properNoun	oci	Papin	properNoun	fra
rossegar	verb	oci	traîner	verb	fra
Wojtyła	properNoun	oci	Wojtyła	properNoun	fra
Lewinsky	properNoun	oci	Lewinsky	properNoun	fra
Vilamala	properNoun	oci	Vilamala	properNoun	fra
malleable	adjective	oci	malléable	adjective	fra
Chaplin	properNoun	oci	Chaplin	properNoun	fra
Bonora	properNoun	oci	Bonora	properNoun	fra
a l'entorn	adverb	oci	alentour	adverb	fra
a l'entorn	adverb	oci	autour	adverb	fra
a l'entorn	adverb	oci	aux alentours	adverb	fra
Bisbal	properNoun	oci	Bisbal	properNoun	fra
tactil	adjective	oci	tactile	adjective	fra
belegar	verb	oci	bêler	verb	fra
especializacion	noun	oci	spécialisation	noun	fra
metre	verb	oci	mettre	verb	fra
Eulalie	properNoun	oci	Eulalie	properNoun	fra
abelhana	noun	oci	mélisse	noun	fra
ipermercat	noun	oci	hypermarché	noun	fra
Edgar Allan Poe	properNoun	oci	Edgar Allan Poe	properNoun	fra
Corallo	properNoun	oci	Corallo	properNoun	fra
Novèl An	properNoun	oci	Nouvel An	properNoun	fra
24n	adjective	oci	24ème	adjective	fra
electrodomestic	noun	oci	électroménager	noun	fra
sofà	noun	oci	sofa	noun	fra
gestacion	noun	oci	gestation	noun	fra
clarificar	verb	oci	clarifier	verb	fra
Hewlett-Packard	properNoun	oci	Hewlett-Packard	properNoun	fra
genocidi	noun	oci	génocide	noun	fra
laïcizacion	noun	oci	laïcisation	noun	fra
nocturne	adjective	oci	nocturne	adjective	fra
Palacio	properNoun	oci	Palacio	properNoun	fra
mestissatge	noun	oci	métissage	noun	fra
Obomsawin	properNoun	oci	Obomsawin	properNoun	fra
Antonsson	properNoun	oci	Antonsson	properNoun	fra
Caja	properNoun	oci	Caja	properNoun	fra
pontualament	adverb	oci	à l'heure	adverb	fra
pontualament	adverb	oci	ponctuellement	adverb	fra
Savorgnan de Brazza	properNoun	oci	Savorgnan de Brazza	properNoun	fra
Cornejo	properNoun	oci	Cornejo	properNoun	fra
Clergé	properNoun	oci	Clergé	properNoun	fra
Conway	properNoun	oci	Conway	properNoun	fra
Caballer	properNoun	oci	Caballer	properNoun	fra
actualament	adverb	oci	à l'heure actuelle	adverb	fra
actualament	adverb	oci	actuellement	adverb	fra
Coupal	properNoun	oci	Coupal	properNoun	fra
Llorca	properNoun	oci	Llorca	properNoun	fra
acabar	verb	oci	achever	verb	fra
acabar	verb	oci	finir	verb	fra
Seichèlas	properNoun	oci	Seychelles	properNoun	fra
jovenil	adjective	oci	juvénile	adjective	fra
ancian	noun	oci	ancien	noun	fra
ancian	noun	oci	aïeul	noun	fra
insonorizat	adjective	oci	insonorisé	adjective	fra
competidor	noun	oci	compétiteur	noun	fra
Vallverdu	properNoun	oci	Vallverdu	properNoun	fra
Minaya	properNoun	oci	Minaya	properNoun	fra
Tukalak	properNoun	oci	Tukalak	properNoun	fra
clauson	noun	oci	constat	noun	fra
Balsalobre	properNoun	oci	Balsalobre	properNoun	fra
tanada	noun	oci	raclée	noun	fra
reaparéisser	verb	oci	réapparaître	verb	fra
Mohedano	properNoun	oci	Mohedano	properNoun	fra
fachilièr	noun	oci	sorcier	noun	fra
Hains	properNoun	oci	Hains	properNoun	fra
Baxok	properNoun	oci	Baxok	properNoun	fra
Lacouture	properNoun	oci	Lacouture	properNoun	fra
von Cobenzl	properNoun	oci	von Cobenzl	properNoun	fra
Soldado	properNoun	oci	Soldado	properNoun	fra
ensagista	noun	oci	essayiste	noun	fra
Méthot	properNoun	oci	Méthot	properNoun	fra
sac	noun	oci	sac	noun	fra
antiracista	noun	oci	antiraciste	noun	fra
documentau	noun	oci	documentaire	noun	fra
agrolós	adjective	oci	aigret	adjective	fra
agrolós	adjective	oci	aigrelet	adjective	fra
faussada	noun	oci	maldonne	noun	fra
faussada	noun	oci	erreur	noun	fra
ostalaria	noun	oci	hôtellerie	noun	fra
Privàs	properNoun	oci	Privas	properNoun	fra
Gordo	properNoun	oci	Gordo	properNoun	fra
Sam	properNoun	oci	Sam	properNoun	fra
Santolaria	properNoun	oci	Santolaria	properNoun	fra
temporalizar	verb	oci	temporaliser	verb	fra
vascularizacion	noun	oci	vascularisation	noun	fra
Guarinos	properNoun	oci	Guarinos	properNoun	fra
fetid	adjective	oci	fétide	adjective	fra
demagogia	noun	oci	démagogie	noun	fra
Stallman	properNoun	oci	Stallman	properNoun	fra
climatizacion	noun	oci	climatisation	noun	fra
Badiola	properNoun	oci	Badiola	properNoun	fra
Santamaria	properNoun	oci	Santamaria	properNoun	fra
Saint Amand	properNoun	oci	Saint Amand	properNoun	fra
curadents	noun	oci	cure-dent	noun	fra
trofèu	noun	oci	trophée	noun	fra
inflexible	adjective	oci	inflexible	adjective	fra
aquesit	adjective	oci	acquis	adjective	fra
Christie	properNoun	oci	Christie	properNoun	fra
Cuiña	properNoun	oci	Cuiña	properNoun	fra
Waite	properNoun	oci	Waite	properNoun	fra
Charlebois	properNoun	oci	Charlebois	properNoun	fra
Arantxa	properNoun	oci	Arantxa	properNoun	fra
Yayá	properNoun	oci	Yayá	properNoun	fra
pastissièr	noun	oci	pâtissier	noun	fra
desinéncia	noun	oci	désinence	noun	fra
accionar	verb	oci	actionner	verb	fra
Gelpi	properNoun	oci	Gelpi	properNoun	fra
fusilh	noun	oci	briquet	noun	fra
fusilh	noun	oci	fusil	noun	fra
sobeiranetat	noun	oci	souveraineté	noun	fra
adamic	adjective	oci	adamique	adjective	fra
Plamondon	properNoun	oci	Plamondon	properNoun	fra
Euroligue	properNoun	oci	Euroligue	properNoun	fra
Montaño	properNoun	oci	Montaño	properNoun	fra
Umana	properNoun	oci	Umana	properNoun	fra
Sul·la	properNoun	oci	Sul·la	properNoun	fra
charlòta	noun	oci	charlotte	noun	fra
tabular	verb	oci	tabuler	verb	fra
Domenico	properNoun	oci	Domenico	properNoun	fra
Can	properNoun	oci	Caen	properNoun	fra
Stan	properNoun	oci	Stan	properNoun	fra
fabulós	adjective	oci	fabuleux	adjective	fra
ponderacion	noun	oci	pondération	noun	fra
Masip	properNoun	oci	Masip	properNoun	fra
garantisar	verb	oci	garantir	verb	fra
Oms	properNoun	oci	Oms	properNoun	fra
Nicola	properNoun	oci	Nicola	properNoun	fra
Jenna	properNoun	oci	Jenna	properNoun	fra
bilhòt	noun	oci	gourdin	noun	fra
inculte	adjective	oci	inculte	adjective	fra
Hetfield	properNoun	oci	Hetfield	properNoun	fra
insonorizacion	noun	oci	insonorisation	noun	fra
reaccionar	verb	oci	réagir	verb	fra
Johanna	properNoun	oci	Johanna	properNoun	fra
Caballo	properNoun	oci	Caballo	properNoun	fra
Noemí	properNoun	oci	Noemi	properNoun	fra
Centelles	properNoun	oci	Centelles	properNoun	fra
infart	noun	oci	infarctus	noun	fra
Thomson	properNoun	oci	Thomson	properNoun	fra
Sedo	properNoun	oci	Sedo	properNoun	fra
en prejudici de	preposition	oci	au préjudice de	preposition	fra
Ernst	properNoun	oci	Ernst	properNoun	fra
Lajara	properNoun	oci	Lajara	properNoun	fra
Logan	properNoun	oci	Logan	properNoun	fra
fusta	noun	oci	bois	noun	fra
centralista	adjective	oci	centraliste	adjective	fra
Beret	properNoun	oci	Beret	properNoun	fra
recèrca	noun	oci	recherche	noun	fra
Bernaquez	properNoun	oci	Bernaquez	properNoun	fra
von Fernbrugg	properNoun	oci	von Fernbrugg	properNoun	fra
Tesoro	properNoun	oci	Tesoro	properNoun	fra
sierraleonés	adjective	oci	sierraléonais	adjective	fra
violéncia	noun	oci	violence	noun	fra
triplar	verb	oci	tripler	verb	fra
copet	noun	oci	occiput	noun	fra
Josiane	properNoun	oci	Josiane	properNoun	fra
finir	verb	oci	finir	verb	fra
finir	verb	oci	achever	verb	fra
organizator	noun	oci	organisateur	noun	fra
Moushoom	properNoun	oci	Moushoom	properNoun	fra
Lo Salvador	properNoun	oci	Salvador	properNoun	fra
ermeneutic	adjective	oci	herméneutique	adjective	fra
aurelhon	noun	oci	lobe	noun	fra
Hijazo	properNoun	oci	Hijazo	properNoun	fra
Barnocchi	properNoun	oci	Barnocchi	properNoun	fra
Christophe	properNoun	oci	Christophe	properNoun	fra
Tonda	properNoun	oci	Tonda	properNoun	fra
supervisor	noun	oci	superviseur	noun	fra
catolic	adjective	oci	catholique	adjective	fra
Khalaf	properNoun	oci	Khalaf	properNoun	fra
ardentament	adverb	oci	ardemment	adverb	fra
Greta	properNoun	oci	Greta	properNoun	fra
aurifèr	adjective	oci	aurifère	adjective	fra
NH	properNoun	oci	NH	properNoun	fra
esperlongar	verb	oci	prolonger	verb	fra
reclama	noun	oci	réclame	noun	fra
sarcasme	noun	oci	sarcasme	noun	fra
niais	adjective	oci	camus	adjective	fra
invocacion	noun	oci	invocation	noun	fra
Toulouse-Lautrec	properNoun	oci	Toulouse-Lautrec	properNoun	fra
impalpable	adjective	oci	impalpable	adjective	fra
Marron	properNoun	oci	Marron	properNoun	fra
ailamont	adverb	oci	là-haut	adverb	fra
jazz	noun	oci	jazz	noun	fra
Bohbot	properNoun	oci	Bohbot	properNoun	fra
Nourdin	properNoun	oci	Nourdin	properNoun	fra
otiti	noun	oci	otite	noun	fra
positivament	adverb	oci	positivement	adverb	fra
gautut	adjective	oci	joufflu	adjective	fra
Campanella	properNoun	oci	Campanella	properNoun	fra
sentinèla	noun	oci	sentinelle	noun	fra
recitacion	noun	oci	récitation	noun	fra
marge	noun	oci	marge	noun	fra
fitoremediacion	noun	oci	phytoremédiation	noun	fra
Kunming	properNoun	oci	Kunming	properNoun	fra
espaurir	verb	oci	faire peur	verb	fra
usualament	adverb	oci	usuellement	adverb	fra
Shedrick	properNoun	oci	Shedrick	properNoun	fra
Boileau	properNoun	oci	Boileau	properNoun	fra
Shoemaker	properNoun	oci	Shoemaker	properNoun	fra
balenat	noun	oci	baleineau	noun	fra
Lacombe	properNoun	oci	Lacombe	properNoun	fra
antologia	noun	oci	anthologie	noun	fra
Musharraf	properNoun	oci	Musharraf	properNoun	fra
Bohigas	properNoun	oci	Bohigas	properNoun	fra
insècte	noun	oci	insecte	noun	fra
Claver	properNoun	oci	Claver	properNoun	fra
aicí	adverb	oci	ici	adverb	fra
aicí	adverb	oci	ci	adverb	fra
von Grieshuus	properNoun	oci	von Grieshuus	properNoun	fra
Ouagadougou	properNoun	oci	Ouagadougou	properNoun	fra
cofondator	noun	oci	co-fondateur	noun	fra
Sandro	properNoun	oci	Sandro	properNoun	fra
Muriá	properNoun	oci	Muriá	properNoun	fra
arrengament	noun	oci	arrangement	noun	fra
tendenciós	adjective	oci	tendancieux	adjective	fra
Colet	properNoun	oci	Colet	properNoun	fra
Adinolfi	properNoun	oci	Adinolfi	properNoun	fra
Valerie	properNoun	oci	Valerie	properNoun	fra
repetitiu	adjective	oci	répétitif	adjective	fra
Intriago	properNoun	oci	Intriago	properNoun	fra
embotelhament	noun	oci	embouteillage	noun	fra
Smyth	properNoun	oci	Smyth	properNoun	fra
Windows NT	properNoun	oci	Windows NT	properNoun	fra
divorciat	noun	oci	divorcé	noun	fra
fresca	noun	oci	fresque	noun	fra
Valldosera	properNoun	oci	Valldosera	properNoun	fra
asenièr	noun	oci	framboisier	noun	fra
Lafayette	properNoun	oci	Lafayette	properNoun	fra
bioquimia	noun	oci	biochimie	noun	fra
Guest	properNoun	oci	Guest	properNoun	fra
vocala	noun	oci	voyelle	noun	fra
inventiu	adjective	oci	inventif	adjective	fra
mitòsi	noun	oci	mitose	noun	fra
Devarennes	properNoun	oci	Devarennes	properNoun	fra
ostil	adjective	oci	hostile	adjective	fra
rima	noun	oci	rime	noun	fra
modificar	verb	oci	modifier	verb	fra
Morgades	properNoun	oci	Morgades	properNoun	fra
ampola	noun	oci	ampoule	noun	fra
Fontanet	properNoun	oci	Fontanet	properNoun	fra
Guerriero	properNoun	oci	Guerriero	properNoun	fra
dispensar	verb	oci	dispenser	verb	fra
sismic	adjective	oci	sismique	adjective	fra
Verdier	properNoun	oci	Verdier	properNoun	fra
Perrin	properNoun	oci	Perrin	properNoun	fra
suc	noun	oci	tertre	noun	fra
suc	noun	oci	suc	noun	fra
suc	noun	oci	jus	noun	fra
Saunier	properNoun	oci	Saunier	properNoun	fra
Bédard	properNoun	oci	Bédard	properNoun	fra
Shields	properNoun	oci	Shields	properNoun	fra
camp	noun	oci	camp	noun	fra
camp	noun	oci	champ	noun	fra
fabrica	noun	oci	fabrique	noun	fra
fabrica	noun	oci	usine	noun	fra
Artois	properNoun	oci	Artois	properNoun	fra
Palou	properNoun	oci	Palou	properNoun	fra
terminal	noun	oci	terminal	noun	fra
masoquisme	noun	oci	masochisme	noun	fra
von Seeckt	properNoun	oci	von Seeckt	properNoun	fra
Mabel	properNoun	oci	Mabel	properNoun	fra
biogeografia	noun	oci	biogéographie	noun	fra
incantacion	noun	oci	incantation	noun	fra
botinaire	adjective	oci	boudeur	adjective	fra
emprenta	noun	oci	empreinte	noun	fra
mes	adverb	oci	plus	adverb	fra
mes	adverb	oci	davantage	adverb	fra
anoxic	adjective	oci	anoxique	adjective	fra
algologia	noun	oci	algologie	noun	fra
Nava	properNoun	oci	Nava	properNoun	fra
investidura	noun	oci	investiture	noun	fra
Cabañero	properNoun	oci	Cabañero	properNoun	fra
Wylie	properNoun	oci	Wylie	properNoun	fra
permacultura	noun	oci	permaculture	noun	fra
von Reichenstein	properNoun	oci	von Reichenstein	properNoun	fra
Ajuriaguerra	properNoun	oci	Ajuriaguerra	properNoun	fra
dromir	verb	oci	dormir	verb	fra
agregat	noun	oci	agrégé	noun	fra
majoritàriament	adverb	oci	majoritairement	adverb	fra
vima	noun	oci	osier	noun	fra
Bolivar	properNoun	oci	Bolivar	properNoun	fra
Audi	properNoun	oci	Audi	properNoun	fra
aguest	pronoun	oci	celui-ci	pronoun	fra
aguest	pronoun	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aguest	pronoun	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aguest	pronoun	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
aguest	demonstrativePronoun	oci	celui-ci	pronoun	fra
aguest	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aguest	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aguest	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
aguest	determiner	oci	celui-ci	pronoun	fra
aguest	determiner	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aguest	determiner	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aguest	determiner	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
contèxt	noun	oci	contexte	noun	fra
Suñol	properNoun	oci	Suñol	properNoun	fra
ecoetiqueta	noun	oci	écolabel	noun	fra
Nelly	properNoun	oci	Nelly	properNoun	fra
vos	pronoun	oci	vous	pronoun	fra
torranha	noun	oci	donjon	noun	fra
indici	noun	oci	indice	noun	fra
pellicula	noun	oci	film	noun	fra
pellicula	noun	oci	pellicule	noun	fra
Tallinn	properNoun	oci	Tallinn	properNoun	fra
cornèr	noun	oci	corner	noun	fra
cornèr	noun	oci	coin	noun	fra
comba	noun	oci	combe	noun	fra
comba	noun	oci	vallon	noun	fra
comba	noun	oci	gorge	noun	fra
ragantar	verb	oci	rattraper	verb	fra
Genesca	properNoun	oci	Genesca	properNoun	fra
Daddy	properNoun	oci	Daddy	properNoun	fra
ipotecari	adjective	oci	hypothécaire	adjective	fra
Nievas	properNoun	oci	Nievas	properNoun	fra
cabil	noun	oci	kabyle	noun	fra
gésser	verb	oci	sortir	verb	fra
Howell	properNoun	oci	Howell	properNoun	fra
talh	noun	oci	tranchant	noun	fra
talh	noun	oci	entaille	noun	fra
talh	noun	oci	coupure	noun	fra
KFC	properNoun	oci	KFC	properNoun	fra
batifuòc	noun	oci	briquet	noun	fra
autanplan	adverb	oci	même	adverb	fra
autanplan	adverb	oci	voire même	adverb	fra
autanplan	adverb	oci	voire	adverb	fra
nausa	noun	oci	lagune	noun	fra
Bonada	properNoun	oci	Bonada	properNoun	fra
destrusir	verb	oci	détruire	verb	fra
Donahue	properNoun	oci	Donahue	properNoun	fra
passerat	noun	oci	passereau	noun	fra
passerat	noun	oci	moineau	noun	fra
Bruneau	properNoun	oci	Bruneau	properNoun	fra
alièr	noun	oci	ailier	noun	fra
Small	properNoun	oci	Small	properNoun	fra
Asara	properNoun	oci	Asara	properNoun	fra
superficia	noun	oci	superficie	noun	fra
superficia	noun	oci	surface	noun	fra
infinitat	noun	oci	infinité	noun	fra
Maura	properNoun	oci	Maura	properNoun	fra
onorat	adjective	oci	honoré	adjective	fra
agait	noun	oci	guet	noun	fra
carnsalada	noun	oci	ventrèche	noun	fra
astronomic	adjective	oci	astronomique	adjective	fra
Abate	properNoun	oci	Abate	properNoun	fra
Muria	properNoun	oci	Muria	properNoun	fra
versemblança	noun	oci	vraisemblance	noun	fra
assolelhat	adjective	oci	ensoleillé	adjective	fra
Casellas	properNoun	oci	Casellas	properNoun	fra
per malastre	adverb	oci	par malheur	adverb	fra
dangierosament	adverb	oci	dangereusement	adverb	fra
Cerat	properNoun	oci	Cerat	properNoun	fra
garbin	noun	oci	sud-ouest	noun	fra
desvergonhat	noun	oci	insolent	noun	fra
finalizacion	noun	oci	finalisation	noun	fra
mocador	noun	oci	mouchoir	noun	fra
Vestfàlia	properNoun	oci	Westphalie	properNoun	fra
quimeric	adjective	oci	chimérique	adjective	fra
clapet	noun	oci	clapet	noun	fra
clapet	noun	oci	cloporte	noun	fra
barròt	noun	oci	gourdin	noun	fra
lièch	noun	oci	lit	noun	fra
sauvament	noun	oci	sauvetage	noun	fra
parc	noun	oci	parc	noun	fra
Bech	properNoun	oci	Bech	properNoun	fra
Villanova	properNoun	oci	Villanova	properNoun	fra
prendre	verb	oci	prendre	verb	fra
Luc	properNoun	oci	Luc	properNoun	fra
eli	noun	oci	hélium	noun	fra
crompaire	adjective	oci	acheteur	adjective	fra
flotabilitat	noun	oci	flottabilité	noun	fra
delinquéncia	noun	oci	délinquance	noun	fra
Chagnon	properNoun	oci	Chagnon	properNoun	fra
catalanitat	noun	oci	catalanité	noun	fra
Paramount	properNoun	oci	Paramount	properNoun	fra
religiós	noun	oci	religieux	noun	fra
agradiu	adjective	oci	agréable	adjective	fra
agradiu	adjective	oci	plaisant	adjective	fra
passionadament	adverb	oci	passionnément	adverb	fra
fusanh	noun	oci	fusain	noun	fra
Luu	properNoun	oci	Luu	properNoun	fra
Bosfòr	properNoun	oci	Bosphore	properNoun	fra
al prèp	adverb	oci	auprès	adverb	fra
Pontevedra	properNoun	oci	Pontevedra	properNoun	fra
cibercriminalitat	noun	oci	cybercriminalité	noun	fra
espira	noun	oci	spire	noun	fra
Couvrette	properNoun	oci	Couvrette	properNoun	fra
pomareda	noun	oci	pommeraie	noun	fra
Luimneach	properNoun	oci	Luimneach	properNoun	fra
Boismenu	properNoun	oci	Boismenu	properNoun	fra
St-Charles	properNoun	oci	St-Charles	properNoun	fra
convòi	noun	oci	convoi	noun	fra
Cordero	properNoun	oci	Cordero	properNoun	fra
mofle	adjective	oci	moelleux	adjective	fra
Gallego	properNoun	oci	Gallego	properNoun	fra
Traveria	properNoun	oci	Traveria	properNoun	fra
Bleda	properNoun	oci	Bleda	properNoun	fra
facultatiu	adjective	oci	facultatif	adjective	fra
demostratiu	adjective	oci	démonstratif	adjective	fra
Bell	properNoun	oci	Bell	properNoun	fra
Pinotti	properNoun	oci	Pinotti	properNoun	fra
Filali	properNoun	oci	Filali	properNoun	fra
Dührkop Dührkop	properNoun	oci	Dührkop Dührkop	properNoun	fra
pronòm	noun	oci	pronom	noun	fra
Magem	properNoun	oci	Magem	properNoun	fra
Zola	properNoun	oci	Zola	properNoun	fra
musica	noun	oci	musique	noun	fra
autobiografic	adjective	oci	autobiographique	adjective	fra
Domínguez	properNoun	oci	Domínguez	properNoun	fra
cocordeta	noun	oci	courgette	noun	fra
informatizar	verb	oci	informatiser	verb	fra
Bou	properNoun	oci	Bou	properNoun	fra
ueit	numeral	oci	huit	numeral	fra
dimission	noun	oci	démission	noun	fra
Hellín	properNoun	oci	Hellín	properNoun	fra
inumanitat	noun	oci	inhumanité	noun	fra
desligar	verb	oci	délier	verb	fra
desligar	verb	oci	délirer	verb	fra
espitalitat	noun	oci	hospitalité	noun	fra
remolin	noun	oci	tourbillon	noun	fra
remolin	noun	oci	remous	noun	fra
Appiah	properNoun	oci	Appiah	properNoun	fra
per fin de	preposition	oci	afin de	preposition	fra
Arjones	properNoun	oci	Arjones	properNoun	fra
Duaso	properNoun	oci	Duaso	properNoun	fra
enriquir	verb	oci	enrichir	verb	fra
infectar	verb	oci	infecter	verb	fra
nombrar	verb	oci	nombrer	verb	fra
Nassak	properNoun	oci	Nassak	properNoun	fra
acronime	noun	oci	acronyme	noun	fra
Elizalde	properNoun	oci	Elizalde	properNoun	fra
poblar	verb	oci	peupler	verb	fra
cròc	noun	oci	crochet	noun	fra
secrecion	noun	oci	sécrétion	noun	fra
desaprene	verb	oci	désapprendre	verb	fra
taxonomia	noun	oci	taxinomie	noun	fra
taxonomia	noun	oci	taxonomie	noun	fra
guinean	adjective	oci	guinéen	adjective	fra
aparent	adjective	oci	apparent	adjective	fra
deslembrar	verb	oci	oublier	verb	fra
bruèissa	noun	oci	sorcière	noun	fra
laberint	noun	oci	labyrinthe	noun	fra
impar	adjective	oci	impair	adjective	fra
cristian	noun	oci	chrétien	noun	fra
alugar	verb	oci	allumer	verb	fra
TMB	noun	oci	TMB	noun	fra
quadratic	adjective	oci	quadratique	adjective	fra
Viudez	properNoun	oci	Viudez	properNoun	fra
niu	noun	oci	nuage	noun	fra
Digón	properNoun	oci	Digón	properNoun	fra
al bòrd	adverb	oci	près	adverb	fra
al bòrd	adverb	oci	au bord	adverb	fra
Médicis	properNoun	oci	Médicis	properNoun	fra
Radiohead	properNoun	oci	Radiohead	properNoun	fra
Calduch	properNoun	oci	Calduch	properNoun	fra
somalian	noun	oci	somalien	noun	fra
Pijoan	properNoun	oci	Pijoan	properNoun	fra
Barrena	properNoun	oci	Barrena	properNoun	fra
antau coma	subordinatingConjunction	oci	ainsi que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
restacar	verb	oci	rattacher	verb	fra
Areces	properNoun	oci	Areces	properNoun	fra
ierarquia	noun	oci	hiérarchie	noun	fra
inibidor	adjective	oci	inhibiteur	adjective	fra
apologia	noun	oci	apologie	noun	fra
mutisme	noun	oci	mutisme	noun	fra
caiac	noun	oci	kayak	noun	fra
nomentar	verb	oci	nommer	verb	fra
esparrat	noun	oci	madrier	noun	fra
luèc	noun	oci	lieu	noun	fra
telegrafia	noun	oci	télégraphie	noun	fra
convalidar	verb	oci	convalider	verb	fra
meravilhosament	adverb	oci	merveilleusement	adverb	fra
X box	properNoun	oci	Xbox	properNoun	fra
Bridges	properNoun	oci	Bridges	properNoun	fra
sospitar	verb	oci	soupçonner	verb	fra
sospitar	verb	oci	suspecter	verb	fra
opausable	adjective	oci	opposable	adjective	fra
inoblidable	adjective	oci	inoubliable	adjective	fra
Miguel	properNoun	oci	Miguel	properNoun	fra
sinceritat	noun	oci	sincérité	noun	fra
Macleod	properNoun	oci	Macleod	properNoun	fra
espòra	noun	oci	spore	noun	fra
alquimia	noun	oci	alchimie	noun	fra
immobilisme	noun	oci	immobilisme	noun	fra
O'Sullivan	properNoun	oci	O'Sullivan	properNoun	fra
erosion	noun	oci	érosion	noun	fra
solitari	adjective	oci	solitaire	adjective	fra
diversitat	noun	oci	diversité	noun	fra
fertilizar	verb	oci	fertiliser	verb	fra
rèsta	noun	oci	restant	noun	fra
rèsta	noun	oci	reste	noun	fra
nobiliari	adjective	oci	nobiliaire	adjective	fra
predispausat	adjective	oci	prédisposé	adjective	fra
aeronauta	noun	oci	aéronaute	noun	fra
Saravia	properNoun	oci	Saravia	properNoun	fra
espectacularament	adverb	oci	spectaculairement	adverb	fra
palatalizacion	noun	oci	palatalisation	noun	fra
Lancharro	properNoun	oci	Lancharro	properNoun	fra
racadura	noun	oci	vomissement	noun	fra
Pompidou	properNoun	oci	Pompidou	properNoun	fra
Nita	properNoun	oci	Nita	properNoun	fra
Nic	properNoun	oci	Nic	properNoun	fra
setanta quatre	numeral	oci	soixante-quatorze	numeral	fra
Arcusa	properNoun	oci	Arcusa	properNoun	fra
Bechamp	properNoun	oci	Bechamp	properNoun	fra
prètz	noun	oci	prix	noun	fra
Uclés	properNoun	oci	Uclés	properNoun	fra
procariòta	noun	oci	procaryote	noun	fra
estocar	verb	oci	stocker	verb	fra
Poussin	properNoun	oci	Poussin	properNoun	fra
problèma	noun	oci	problème	noun	fra
lupin	noun	oci	lupin	noun	fra
percors	noun	oci	parcours	noun	fra
Cotado	properNoun	oci	Cotado	properNoun	fra
Gòdia	properNoun	oci	Gòdia	properNoun	fra
lo vòstre	pronoun	oci	votre	determiner	fra
lo vòstre	pronoun	oci	votre	possessivePronoun	fra
lo vòstre	pronoun	oci	le vôtre	pronoun	fra
lo vòstre	pronoun	oci	le vôtre	possessivePronoun	fra
lo vòstre	determiner	oci	votre	determiner	fra
lo vòstre	determiner	oci	votre	possessivePronoun	fra
lo vòstre	determiner	oci	le vôtre	pronoun	fra
lo vòstre	determiner	oci	le vôtre	possessivePronoun	fra
lo vòstre	possessivePronoun	oci	votre	determiner	fra
lo vòstre	possessivePronoun	oci	votre	possessivePronoun	fra
lo vòstre	possessivePronoun	oci	le vôtre	pronoun	fra
lo vòstre	possessivePronoun	oci	le vôtre	possessivePronoun	fra
mai bas	adverb	oci	plus bas	adverb	fra
Whiskeychan	properNoun	oci	Whiskeychan	properNoun	fra
insufisentament	adverb	oci	insuffisamment	adverb	fra
quatre	numeral	oci	quatre	numeral	fra
recompde	noun	oci	dénombrement	noun	fra
Abás	properNoun	oci	Abás	properNoun	fra
Vary	properNoun	oci	Vary	properNoun	fra
dalhaire	noun	oci	faucheur	noun	fra
dualista	noun	oci	dualiste	noun	fra
Iribar	properNoun	oci	Iribar	properNoun	fra
esterilitat	noun	oci	sterilité	noun	fra
esterilitat	noun	oci	stérilité	noun	fra
infiltrar	verb	oci	infiltrer	verb	fra
conjunt	adjective	oci	conjoint	adjective	fra
Camarero	properNoun	oci	Camarero	properNoun	fra
calvari	noun	oci	calvaire	noun	fra
Torán	properNoun	oci	Torán	properNoun	fra
Leigh	properNoun	oci	Leigh	properNoun	fra
Pérusse	properNoun	oci	Pérusse	properNoun	fra
assenhalar	verb	oci	signaler	verb	fra
assenhalar	verb	oci	flécher	verb	fra
sen	noun	oci	sein	noun	fra
sen	noun	oci	sen	noun	fra
sen	noun	oci	mamelle	noun	fra
sen	noun	oci	giron	noun	fra
sonca	adverb	oci	seulement	adverb	fra
Mastrocola	properNoun	oci	Mastrocola	properNoun	fra
deuarar	verb	oci	descendre	verb	fra
pròpri	noun	oci	propre	noun	fra
Chueca	properNoun	oci	Chueca	properNoun	fra
44n	adjective	oci	44ème	adjective	fra
Vallejo	properNoun	oci	Vallejo	properNoun	fra
Brewster	properNoun	oci	Brewster	properNoun	fra
Rafaèl	properNoun	oci	Rafaèl	properNoun	fra
Rafaèl	properNoun	oci	Raphael	properNoun	fra
erudit	noun	oci	érudit	noun	fra
intrusion	noun	oci	intrusion	noun	fra
setzau	noun	oci	seizième	noun	fra
compensar	verb	oci	compenser	verb	fra
impar	noun	oci	impair	noun	fra
restitucion	noun	oci	restitution	noun	fra
esquèr	adjective	oci	gauche	adjective	fra
profusion	noun	oci	profusion	noun	fra
vianda	noun	oci	nourriture	noun	fra
Hugo	properNoun	oci	Hugo	properNoun	fra
terciarizacion	noun	oci	tertiarisation	noun	fra
Rivera	properNoun	oci	Rivera	properNoun	fra
multilingüisme	noun	oci	multilinguisme	noun	fra
de cap a	preposition	oci	face à	preposition	fra
Bamberg	properNoun	oci	Bamberg	properNoun	fra
baldaquin	noun	oci	baldaquin	noun	fra
Codorniu	properNoun	oci	Codorniu	properNoun	fra
Kouma	properNoun	oci	Kouma	properNoun	fra
Valentino	properNoun	oci	Valentino	properNoun	fra
Elhachem	properNoun	oci	Elhachem	properNoun	fra
Nike	properNoun	oci	Nike	properNoun	fra
Bayezid	properNoun	oci	Bayezid	properNoun	fra
enqüèra	adverb	oci	encore	adverb	fra
Bloggs	properNoun	oci	Bloggs	properNoun	fra
emulator	noun	oci	émulateur	noun	fra
fabulacion	noun	oci	fabulation	noun	fra
cocarro	noun	oci	canaille	noun	fra
Dozois	properNoun	oci	Dozois	properNoun	fra
Amélie	properNoun	oci	Amélie	properNoun	fra
Siracusa	properNoun	oci	Syracuse	properNoun	fra
manhòt	adjective	oci	manchot	adjective	fra
Sheryl	properNoun	oci	Sheryl	properNoun	fra
impaciéncia	noun	oci	impatience	noun	fra
palomba	noun	oci	palombe	noun	fra
palomba	noun	oci	ramier	noun	fra
Clouette	properNoun	oci	Clouette	properNoun	fra
metallurgic	adjective	oci	métallurgique	adjective	fra
deplorable	adjective	oci	déplorable	adjective	fra
deplorable	adjective	oci	lamentable	adjective	fra
Leah	properNoun	oci	Leah	properNoun	fra
Paulin	properNoun	oci	Paulin	properNoun	fra
Torquemada	properNoun	oci	Torquemada	properNoun	fra
per òrdre alfabetic	adverb	oci	par ordre alphabétique	adverb	fra
terrorisme	noun	oci	terrorisme	noun	fra
contaròtle	noun	oci	contrôle	noun	fra
patriarca	noun	oci	patriarche	noun	fra
Coderre	properNoun	oci	Coderre	properNoun	fra
Joan Marc	properNoun	oci	Joan Marc	properNoun	fra
nan	adjective	oci	nain	adjective	fra
Beatriz	properNoun	oci	Beatriz	properNoun	fra
glaç	noun	oci	glace	noun	fra
religiosament	adverb	oci	religieusement	adverb	fra
Montanari	properNoun	oci	Montanari	properNoun	fra
Tico	properNoun	oci	Tico	properNoun	fra
fredament	adverb	oci	froidement	adverb	fra
Peitau	properNoun	oci	Poitou	properNoun	fra
psiquiatric	adjective	oci	psychiatrique	adjective	fra
contenedor	noun	oci	conteneur	noun	fra
menton	noun	oci	menton	noun	fra
fabricacion	noun	oci	fabrication	noun	fra
recordar	verb	oci	souvenir	verb	fra
recordar	verb	oci	rappeler	verb	fra
foncion	noun	oci	fonction	noun	fra
Multani	properNoun	oci	Multani	properNoun	fra
uremic	adjective	oci	urémique	adjective	fra
vertadièrament	adverb	oci	vraiment	adverb	fra
pintre	noun	oci	peintre	noun	fra
estacat	adjective	oci	attaché	adjective	fra
Pimparé	properNoun	oci	Pimparé	properNoun	fra
indefugible	adverb	oci	inévitablement	adverb	fra
Galibois	properNoun	oci	Galibois	properNoun	fra
semiotic	adjective	oci	sémiotique	adjective	fra
pretendent	noun	oci	prétendant	noun	fra
imperdonable	adjective	oci	impardonnable	adjective	fra
limon	noun	oci	citron	noun	fra
limon	noun	oci	limon	noun	fra
desvestir	verb	oci	dévêtir	verb	fra
gràcia	noun	oci	faveur	noun	fra
gràcia	noun	oci	grâce	noun	fra
Marien	properNoun	oci	Marien	properNoun	fra
Vladimir	properNoun	oci	Vladimir	properNoun	fra
Aguiló	properNoun	oci	Aguiló	properNoun	fra
Fitzgerald	properNoun	oci	Fitzgerald	properNoun	fra
Kawapit	properNoun	oci	Kawapit	properNoun	fra
infidèl	noun	oci	infidèle	noun	fra
Bares	properNoun	oci	Bares	properNoun	fra
Correa	properNoun	oci	Correa	properNoun	fra
Stanford	properNoun	oci	Stanford	properNoun	fra
Barry	properNoun	oci	Barry	properNoun	fra
Mariani	properNoun	oci	Mariani	properNoun	fra
retransmission	noun	oci	retransmission	noun	fra
Lozoya	properNoun	oci	Lozoya	properNoun	fra
en consequéncia	subordinatingConjunction	oci	par conséquent	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Dodsworth	properNoun	oci	Dodsworth	properNoun	fra
Morillo	properNoun	oci	Morillo	properNoun	fra
amorós	adjective	oci	amoureux	adjective	fra
temperar	verb	oci	tempérer	verb	fra
afrontar	verb	oci	faire face à	verb	fra
afrontar	verb	oci	affronter	verb	fra
equador	noun	oci	équateur	noun	fra
decadent	adjective	oci	décadent	adjective	fra
neonazi	noun	oci	néonazi	noun	fra
McKee	properNoun	oci	McKee	properNoun	fra
Xenos	properNoun	oci	Xenos	properNoun	fra
Naomi	properNoun	oci	Naomi	properNoun	fra
Macau	properNoun	oci	Macao	properNoun	fra
Dilillo	properNoun	oci	Dilillo	properNoun	fra
Garau	properNoun	oci	Garau	properNoun	fra
electrician	adjective	oci	électricien	adjective	fra
Bossi	properNoun	oci	Bossi	properNoun	fra
mama	noun	oci	maman	noun	fra
mama	noun	oci	mamelle	noun	fra
Ridruejo	properNoun	oci	Ridruejo	properNoun	fra
escaravissa	noun	oci	écrevisse	noun	fra
distorsion	noun	oci	distorsion	noun	fra
Souligny	properNoun	oci	Souligny	properNoun	fra
androginia	noun	oci	androgynie	noun	fra
Robichaud	properNoun	oci	Robichaud	properNoun	fra
torturar	verb	oci	torturer	verb	fra
quinçon	noun	oci	pinson	noun	fra
com	preposition	oci	comme	preposition	fra
patinatge	noun	oci	patinage	noun	fra
pruna	noun	oci	prune	noun	fra
drech	noun	oci	droit	noun	fra
gengiva	noun	oci	gencive	noun	fra
bastonada	noun	oci	bastonnade	noun	fra
exòde	noun	oci	exode	noun	fra
Nareau	properNoun	oci	Nareau	properNoun	fra
dusau	noun	oci	deuxième	noun	fra
dusau	noun	oci	second	noun	fra
aculpar	verb	oci	inculper	verb	fra
Hadley	properNoun	oci	Hadley	properNoun	fra
Marius	properNoun	oci	Marius	properNoun	fra
Faustine	properNoun	oci	Faustine	properNoun	fra
Fontaine	properNoun	oci	Fontaine	properNoun	fra
biosfèra	noun	oci	biosphère	noun	fra
jaune	noun	oci	jaune	noun	fra
suspectar	verb	oci	soupçonner	verb	fra
suspectar	verb	oci	suspecter	verb	fra
Fabry	properNoun	oci	Fabry	properNoun	fra
Jutras	properNoun	oci	Jutras	properNoun	fra
briquet	noun	oci	briquet	noun	fra
avinhonenc	adjective	oci	avignonnais	adjective	fra
Pané	properNoun	oci	Pané	properNoun	fra
Donati	properNoun	oci	Donati	properNoun	fra
Millette	properNoun	oci	Millette	properNoun	fra
Tarrats	properNoun	oci	Tarrats	properNoun	fra
Ruggeri	properNoun	oci	Ruggeri	properNoun	fra
Cohn	properNoun	oci	Cohn	properNoun	fra
Sarro	properNoun	oci	Sarro	properNoun	fra
juste	adjective	oci	juste	adjective	fra
afectuosament	adverb	oci	affectueusement	adverb	fra
Kaur	properNoun	oci	Kaur	properNoun	fra
XII	numeral	oci	XIIe	adjective	fra
XII	numeral	oci	XII	numeral	fra
XII	numeral	oci	XIIème	adjective	fra
imperfièch	noun	oci	imparfait	noun	fra
irange	adjective	oci	orange	adjective	fra
Palazón	properNoun	oci	Palazón	properNoun	fra
Novas	properNoun	oci	Novas	properNoun	fra
limitat	adjective	oci	limité	adjective	fra
Vespuce	properNoun	oci	Vespuce	properNoun	fra
Delisle	properNoun	oci	Delisle	properNoun	fra
PSC	noun	oci	PSC	noun	fra
fotocopia	noun	oci	photocopie	noun	fra
Grand	properNoun	oci	Grand	properNoun	fra
personificacion	noun	oci	personnification	noun	fra
Willkie	properNoun	oci	Willkie	properNoun	fra
Gamisans	properNoun	oci	Gamisans	properNoun	fra
aliat	noun	oci	allié	noun	fra
monolitic	adjective	oci	monolithique	adjective	fra
delegar	verb	oci	déléguer	verb	fra
Crane	properNoun	oci	Crane	properNoun	fra
valisa	noun	oci	valise	noun	fra
explosiu	noun	oci	explosif	noun	fra
se	subordinatingConjunction	oci	si	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Le Pensec	properNoun	oci	Le Pensec	properNoun	fra
Forlán	properNoun	oci	Forlán	properNoun	fra
Fonollosa	properNoun	oci	Fonollosa	properNoun	fra
Macrini	properNoun	oci	Macrini	properNoun	fra
Melchior	properNoun	oci	Melchior	properNoun	fra
Picasso	properNoun	oci	Picasso	properNoun	fra
Zurdo	properNoun	oci	Zurdo	properNoun	fra
Fernàndez	properNoun	oci	Fernàndez	properNoun	fra
Carle	properNoun	oci	Carle	properNoun	fra
Macon	properNoun	oci	Mâcon	properNoun	fra
CDS	noun	oci	CDS	noun	fra
mitralhaire	adjective	oci	mitrailleur	adjective	fra
Moyen	properNoun	oci	Moyen	properNoun	fra
USA	properNoun	oci	USA	properNoun	fra
Aidan	properNoun	oci	Aida	properNoun	fra
Aidan	properNoun	oci	Aidan	properNoun	fra
autocratic	adjective	oci	autocratique	adjective	fra
Miousse	properNoun	oci	Miousse	properNoun	fra
Alsàcia	properNoun	oci	Alsace	properNoun	fra
neurotoxic	adjective	oci	neurotoxique	adjective	fra
sucursala	noun	oci	succursale	noun	fra
Sòna e Léger	properNoun	oci	Saône-et-Loire	properNoun	fra
brun	noun	oci	brun	noun	fra
Martín	properNoun	oci	Martín	properNoun	fra
asondar	verb	oci	déborder	verb	fra
latinizar	verb	oci	latiniser	verb	fra
prorrogacion	noun	oci	prorogation	noun	fra
molt	adverb	oci	beaucoup	adverb	fra
molt	adverb	oci	très	adverb	fra
enternir	verb	oci	remanier	verb	fra
enternir	verb	oci	adapter	verb	fra
flamenc	noun	oci	flamand	noun	fra
flamenc	noun	oci	flamant	noun	fra
seissanta sièis	numeral	oci	soixante-six	numeral	fra
tèrratrem	noun	oci	tremblement de terre	noun	fra
conducha	noun	oci	conduite	noun	fra
yacht	noun	oci	yacht	noun	fra
escorpiu	noun	oci	scorpion	noun	fra
Eduard	properNoun	oci	Eduard	properNoun	fra
maturitat	noun	oci	maturité	noun	fra
pompa	noun	oci	pompe	noun	fra
pompa	noun	oci	bombe	noun	fra
Menchón	properNoun	oci	Menchón	properNoun	fra
responsable	adjective	oci	responsable	adjective	fra
georgian	noun	oci	géorgien	noun	fra
Jorquera	properNoun	oci	Jorquera	properNoun	fra
Alacant	properNoun	oci	Alicante	properNoun	fra
Penosway	properNoun	oci	Penosway	properNoun	fra
subvencionat	adjective	oci	subventionné	adjective	fra
dinamizar	verb	oci	dynamiser	verb	fra
Junyent	properNoun	oci	Junyent	properNoun	fra
fonèma	noun	oci	phonème	noun	fra
auturós	adjective	oci	hautain	adjective	fra
Pubill	properNoun	oci	Pubill	properNoun	fra
Masciotra	properNoun	oci	Masciotra	properNoun	fra
Auchan	properNoun	oci	Auchan	properNoun	fra
Mataró	properNoun	oci	Mataró	properNoun	fra
Modica	properNoun	oci	Modica	properNoun	fra
https	noun	oci	https	noun	fra
ginecologia	noun	oci	gynécologie	noun	fra
nhèu	noun	oci	neige	noun	fra
coabitar	verb	oci	cohabiter	verb	fra
Mazinger	properNoun	oci	Mazinger	properNoun	fra
intencionalitat	noun	oci	intentionnalité	noun	fra
Gozálvez	properNoun	oci	Gozálvez	properNoun	fra
aspiracion	noun	oci	aspiration	noun	fra
Celta	properNoun	oci	Celta	properNoun	fra
a esquèrra	adverb	oci	à gauche	adverb	fra
defensar	verb	oci	défendre	verb	fra
defensar	verb	oci	plaider	verb	fra
arpista	noun	oci	harpiste	noun	fra
San Segundo	properNoun	oci	San Segundo	properNoun	fra
ambiciós	adjective	oci	ambitieux	adjective	fra
Laure	properNoun	oci	Laure	properNoun	fra
inexistent	adjective	oci	inexistant	adjective	fra
diversion	noun	oci	diversion	noun	fra
Montplaisir	properNoun	oci	Montplaisir	properNoun	fra
despensar	verb	oci	dépenser	verb	fra
audiofòn	noun	oci	audiophone	noun	fra
Juliane	properNoun	oci	Juliane	properNoun	fra
Paisley	properNoun	oci	Paisley	properNoun	fra
inimaginable	adjective	oci	inimaginable	adjective	fra
Acevedo	properNoun	oci	Acevedo	properNoun	fra
peresós	noun	oci	paresseux	noun	fra
vomidura	noun	oci	vomissement	noun	fra
toscan	noun	oci	Toscan	noun	fra
Lobo	properNoun	oci	Lobo	properNoun	fra
Maeva	properNoun	oci	Maeva	properNoun	fra
catar	noun	oci	cathare	noun	fra
idillic	adjective	oci	idyllique	adjective	fra
Masmitjá	properNoun	oci	Masmitjá	properNoun	fra
magre	adjective	oci	maigre	adjective	fra
burocracia	noun	oci	bureaucratie	noun	fra
idealisme	noun	oci	idéalisme	noun	fra
remplaçar	verb	oci	remplacer	verb	fra
disparitat	noun	oci	disparité	noun	fra
Cavaliere	properNoun	oci	Cavaliere	properNoun	fra
de Gaulle	properNoun	oci	de Gaulle	properNoun	fra
pleura	noun	oci	plèvre	noun	fra
limitacion	noun	oci	limitation	noun	fra
repercussion	noun	oci	répercussion	noun	fra
catenària	noun	oci	caténaire	noun	fra
Aurelia	properNoun	oci	Aurelia	properNoun	fra
volontariat	noun	oci	volontariat	noun	fra
contra	noun	oci	contre	noun	fra
Polanco	properNoun	oci	Polanco	properNoun	fra
bromur	noun	oci	bromure	noun	fra
abstrait	adjective	oci	abstrait	adjective	fra
canadian	adjective	oci	canadien	adjective	fra
abaishar	verb	oci	descendre	verb	fra
abaishar	verb	oci	abaisser	verb	fra
Mancheño	properNoun	oci	Mancheño	properNoun	fra
contratacion	noun	oci	embauche	noun	fra
Istambol	properNoun	oci	Istanbul	properNoun	fra
ò	coordinatingConjunction	oci	ou	coordinatingConjunction	fra
li	pronoun	oci	leur	pronoun	fra
li	pronoun	oci	leur	determiner	fra
li	pronoun	oci	leur	possessivePronoun	fra
li	pronoun	oci	lui	pronoun	fra
Jill	properNoun	oci	Jill	properNoun	fra
Kant	properNoun	oci	Kant	properNoun	fra
Moar	properNoun	oci	Moar	properNoun	fra
Boyadjian	properNoun	oci	Boyadjian	properNoun	fra
succès	noun	oci	succès	noun	fra
cultivar	verb	oci	cultiver	verb	fra
indeductible	adjective	oci	indéductible	adjective	fra
Moreso	properNoun	oci	Moreso	properNoun	fra
Desaulniers	properNoun	oci	Desaulniers	properNoun	fra
subtil	adjective	oci	subtil	adjective	fra
Alessandro	properNoun	oci	Alessandro	properNoun	fra
primièrament	adverb	oci	d'abord	adverb	fra
primièrament	adverb	oci	premièrement	adverb	fra
Brasco	properNoun	oci	Brasco	properNoun	fra
Janvier	properNoun	oci	Janvier	properNoun	fra
Farreny	properNoun	oci	Farreny	properNoun	fra
Orlhac	properNoun	oci	Aurillac	properNoun	fra
Missorí	properNoun	oci	Missouri	properNoun	fra
coguol	noun	oci	coucou	noun	fra
Cercós	properNoun	oci	Cercós	properNoun	fra
Marticotte	properNoun	oci	Marticotte	properNoun	fra
Giselle	properNoun	oci	Giselle	properNoun	fra
irangièr	noun	oci	oranger	noun	fra
congestionar	verb	oci	congestionner	verb	fra
IV	numeral	oci	IVème	adjective	fra
IV	numeral	oci	IVe	adjective	fra
IV	numeral	oci	IV	numeral	fra
interceptar	verb	oci	intercepter	verb	fra
cordon	noun	oci	lacet	noun	fra
cordon	noun	oci	cordon	noun	fra
Halde	properNoun	oci	Halde	properNoun	fra
Aramendia	properNoun	oci	Aramendia	properNoun	fra
permeable	adjective	oci	perméable	adjective	fra
sospechar	verb	oci	suspecter	verb	fra
sospechar	verb	oci	soupçonner	verb	fra
Miah	properNoun	oci	Miah	properNoun	fra
pescaire	noun	oci	pêcheur	noun	fra
nacion	noun	oci	nation	noun	fra
Abreu	properNoun	oci	Abreu	properNoun	fra
Crespi	properNoun	oci	Crespi	properNoun	fra
reconversion	noun	oci	reconversion	noun	fra
Claramunt	properNoun	oci	Claramunt	properNoun	fra
Cossu	properNoun	oci	Cossu	properNoun	fra
Boquera	properNoun	oci	Boquera	properNoun	fra
UE	properNoun	oci	UE	properNoun	fra
campar	verb	oci	observer	verb	fra
campar	verb	oci	camper	verb	fra
nucleacion	noun	oci	nucléation	noun	fra
Rollins	properNoun	oci	Rollins	properNoun	fra
maurician	noun	oci	Mauricien	noun	fra
Kirby	properNoun	oci	Kirby	properNoun	fra
Lou Reed	properNoun	oci	Lou Reed	properNoun	fra
visatge	noun	oci	face	noun	fra
visatge	noun	oci	visage	noun	fra
suite	noun	oci	suite	noun	fra
provenir	verb	oci	provenir	verb	fra
Pruneau	properNoun	oci	Pruneau	properNoun	fra
efemèra	noun	oci	éphémère	noun	fra
obsession	noun	oci	obsession	noun	fra
Després	properNoun	oci	Després	properNoun	fra
dispausar	verb	oci	disposer	verb	fra
letargic	adjective	oci	léthargique	adjective	fra
arabista	noun	oci	arabiste	noun	fra
invisible	adjective	oci	invisible	adjective	fra
injuste	adjective	oci	injuste	adjective	fra
Cartañá	properNoun	oci	Cartañá	properNoun	fra
declin	noun	oci	déclin	noun	fra
acabament	noun	oci	achèvement	noun	fra
arrancar	verb	oci	démarrer	verb	fra
arrancar	verb	oci	arracher	verb	fra
Hull	properNoun	oci	Hull	properNoun	fra
tamborèu	noun	oci	tombereau	noun	fra
estructurar	verb	oci	structurer	verb	fra
piratariá	noun	oci	piraterie	noun	fra
Victòria	properNoun	oci	Victòria	properNoun	fra
Victòria	properNoun	oci	Victoire	properNoun	fra
ionosfèra	noun	oci	ionosphère	noun	fra
delirant	adjective	oci	délirant	adjective	fra
convocar	verb	oci	convoquer	verb	fra
airal	noun	oci	étendue	noun	fra
gropar	verb	oci	grouper	verb	fra
Zhou	properNoun	oci	Zhou	properNoun	fra
gasolina	noun	oci	essence	noun	fra
ingrat	adjective	oci	ingrat	adjective	fra
Santasusana	properNoun	oci	Santasusana	properNoun	fra
Calvera	properNoun	oci	Calvera	properNoun	fra
repic	noun	oci	refrain	noun	fra
mossairon	noun	oci	champignon	noun	fra
mossairon	noun	oci	girolle	noun	fra
Castellet	properNoun	oci	Castellet	properNoun	fra
Illas Verges	properNoun	oci	Îles Vierges	properNoun	fra
Marras	properNoun	oci	Marras	properNoun	fra
expedicion	noun	oci	expedition	noun	fra
expedicion	noun	oci	expédition	noun	fra
ath temps	adverb	oci	à la fois	adverb	fra
ferrita	noun	oci	ferrite	noun	fra
Laurel	properNoun	oci	Laurel	properNoun	fra
Tasmania	properNoun	oci	Tasmanie	properNoun	fra
Haimar	properNoun	oci	Haimar	properNoun	fra
extenuar	verb	oci	exténuer	verb	fra
Moroder	properNoun	oci	Moroder	properNoun	fra
29n	adjective	oci	29ème	adjective	fra
Zheng	properNoun	oci	Zheng	properNoun	fra
Lozeau	properNoun	oci	Lozeau	properNoun	fra
murar	verb	oci	murer	verb	fra
galant	adjective	oci	galant	adjective	fra
Soïssa	properNoun	oci	Suisse	properNoun	fra
Torró	properNoun	oci	Torró	properNoun	fra
campus	noun	oci	campus	noun	fra
Tripiana	properNoun	oci	Tripiana	properNoun	fra
magrebin	adjective	oci	maghrébin	adjective	fra
illegitim	adjective	oci	illégitime	adjective	fra
expedient	noun	oci	dossier	noun	fra
coextensiu	adjective	oci	coextensif	adjective	fra
aquel qui	relativePronoun	oci	celui que	relativePronoun	fra
aquel qui	relativePronoun	oci	celui qui	relativePronoun	fra
veir	verb	oci	voir	verb	fra
Liceaga	properNoun	oci	Liceaga	properNoun	fra
Burgoyne	properNoun	oci	Burgoyne	properNoun	fra
campanetas	noun	oci	raiponce	noun	fra
extractiu	adjective	oci	extractif	adjective	fra
Mico	properNoun	oci	Mico	properNoun	fra
natiu	noun	oci	natif	noun	fra
Albertina	properNoun	oci	Albertina	properNoun	fra
petrolifèr	adjective	oci	pétrolifère	adjective	fra
dins l'encastre de	preposition	oci	dans le cadre de	preposition	fra
von Bardeleben	properNoun	oci	von Bardeleben	properNoun	fra
Saaremaa	properNoun	oci	Saaremaa	properNoun	fra
doç	adjective	oci	doux	adjective	fra
Courtois	properNoun	oci	Courtois	properNoun	fra
destrech	adjective	oci	étroit	adjective	fra
Charity	properNoun	oci	Charity	properNoun	fra
cadieral	noun	oci	fauteuil	noun	fra
encontrada	noun	oci	contrée	noun	fra
encontrada	noun	oci	comarque	noun	fra
Cabot	properNoun	oci	Cabot	properNoun	fra
ròda	noun	oci	roue	noun	fra
lepidoptèr	noun	oci	lépidoptère	noun	fra
encoratjament	noun	oci	encouragement	noun	fra
encoratjament	noun	oci	courage	noun	fra
exprès	adverb	oci	expressément	adverb	fra
banasta	noun	oci	panier	noun	fra
banasta	noun	oci	corbeille	noun	fra
tunèl	noun	oci	tunnel	noun	fra
anfibí	noun	oci	amphibien	noun	fra
Hariri	properNoun	oci	Hariri	properNoun	fra
mancha	noun	oci	passoire	noun	fra
megalit	noun	oci	mégalithe	noun	fra
siti	noun	oci	site	noun	fra
rigorosament	adverb	oci	rigoureusement	adverb	fra
substantiu	noun	oci	substantif	noun	fra
Cozar	properNoun	oci	Cozar	properNoun	fra
servilitat	noun	oci	servilité	noun	fra
gitan	noun	oci	gitan	noun	fra
Talia	properNoun	oci	Talia	properNoun	fra
linearitat	noun	oci	linéarité	noun	fra
supausar	verb	oci	supposer	verb	fra
Ofarrell	properNoun	oci	Ofarrell	properNoun	fra
d'Arlandes	properNoun	oci	d'Arlandes	properNoun	fra
cadavre	noun	oci	cadavre	noun	fra
cadavre	noun	oci	corps	noun	fra
semiar	verb	oci	semer	verb	fra
gaullisme	noun	oci	gaullisme	noun	fra
Bonami	properNoun	oci	Bonami	properNoun	fra
reductor	noun	oci	réducteur	noun	fra
trin	noun	oci	train	noun	fra
ostiu	noun	oci	été	noun	fra
Stephanie	properNoun	oci	Stephanie	properNoun	fra
Touraine	properNoun	oci	Touraine	properNoun	fra
tenebrós	noun	oci	ténébreux	noun	fra
Dougherty	properNoun	oci	Dougherty	properNoun	fra
salvatge	adjective	oci	sauvage	adjective	fra
costura	noun	oci	couture	noun	fra
ponderar	verb	oci	pondérer	verb	fra
de Prado	properNoun	oci	de Prado	properNoun	fra
eliosfèra	noun	oci	héliosphère	noun	fra
Mattarella	properNoun	oci	Mattarella	properNoun	fra
Turró	properNoun	oci	Turró	properNoun	fra
Arévalo	properNoun	oci	Arévalo	properNoun	fra
Forget	properNoun	oci	Forget	properNoun	fra
bahamenc	adjective	oci	bahaméen	adjective	fra
tet	noun	oci	toit	noun	fra
tet	noun	oci	but	noun	fra
mai	adverb	oci	plus	adverb	fra
mai	adverb	oci	davantage	adverb	fra
Depp	properNoun	oci	Depp	properNoun	fra
Julvé	properNoun	oci	Julvé	properNoun	fra
Bardera	properNoun	oci	Bardera	properNoun	fra
masturbacion	noun	oci	masturbation	noun	fra
catalan	adjective	oci	catalan	adjective	fra
Richie	properNoun	oci	Richie	properNoun	fra
Calle	properNoun	oci	Calle	properNoun	fra
Palazon	properNoun	oci	Palazon	properNoun	fra
navigable	adjective	oci	navigable	adjective	fra
Esperanza	properNoun	oci	Esperanza	properNoun	fra
certan	adjective	oci	certain	adjective	fra
anant	adjective	oci	allant	adjective	fra
Malagón	properNoun	oci	Malagón	properNoun	fra
Aznar	properNoun	oci	Aznar	properNoun	fra
Santanach	properNoun	oci	Santanach	properNoun	fra
Balaguero	properNoun	oci	Balaguero	properNoun	fra
Lera	properNoun	oci	Lera	properNoun	fra
Irons	properNoun	oci	Irons	properNoun	fra
Tous	properNoun	oci	Tous	properNoun	fra
Vasallo	properNoun	oci	Vasallo	properNoun	fra
checoslovac	adjective	oci	tchécoslovaque	adjective	fra
Echeverría	properNoun	oci	Echeverría	properNoun	fra
protagonisme	noun	oci	protagonisme	noun	fra
Forniés	properNoun	oci	Forniés	properNoun	fra
O'Leary	properNoun	oci	O'Leary	properNoun	fra
Panza	properNoun	oci	Panza	properNoun	fra
afogament	noun	oci	engouement	noun	fra
Ariel	properNoun	oci	Ariel	properNoun	fra
Toribio	properNoun	oci	Toribio	properNoun	fra
qüestionar	verb	oci	questionner	verb	fra
Barra	properNoun	oci	Barra	properNoun	fra
subjècte	adjective	oci	sujet	adjective	fra
McNicoll	properNoun	oci	McNicoll	properNoun	fra
Spénard	properNoun	oci	Spénard	properNoun	fra
Boguña	properNoun	oci	Boguña	properNoun	fra
ressarrar	verb	oci	resserrer	verb	fra
tempera	noun	oci	détrempe	noun	fra
Pau	properNoun	oci	Paul	properNoun	fra
Pau	properNoun	oci	Pau	properNoun	fra
Dolz	properNoun	oci	Dolz	properNoun	fra
victimisme	noun	oci	victimisme	noun	fra
plus	adverb	oci	plus	adverb	fra
Puncel	properNoun	oci	Puncel	properNoun	fra
Mendel	properNoun	oci	Mendel	properNoun	fra
Sagarra	properNoun	oci	Sagarra	properNoun	fra
ipogèu	noun	oci	hypogée	noun	fra
segon que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	selon que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Bernhard	properNoun	oci	Bernhard	properNoun	fra
Pujadas	properNoun	oci	Pujadas	properNoun	fra
UBM	properNoun	oci	IBM	properNoun	fra
deman	adverb	oci	demain	adverb	fra
determinant	adjective	oci	déterminant	adjective	fra
Veiga	properNoun	oci	Veiga	properNoun	fra
fòrabandiment	noun	oci	bannissement	noun	fra
Austràlia	properNoun	oci	Australie	properNoun	fra
Lladró	properNoun	oci	Lladró	properNoun	fra
ortalièr	adjective	oci	jardinier	adjective	fra
agut	adjective	oci	aigu	adjective	fra
Maseru	properNoun	oci	Maseru	properNoun	fra
Vella	properNoun	oci	Vella	properNoun	fra
Albadalejo	properNoun	oci	Albadalejo	properNoun	fra
Guastella	properNoun	oci	Guastella	properNoun	fra
bastisseire	noun	oci	bâtisseur	noun	fra
Baiona	properNoun	oci	Bayonne	properNoun	fra
senhor	noun	oci	sire	noun	fra
senhor	noun	oci	seigneur	noun	fra
suprimir	verb	oci	supprimer	verb	fra
98n	adjective	oci	98ème	adjective	fra
en companhiá de	preposition	oci	en compagnie de	preposition	fra
Ciobanu	properNoun	oci	Ciobanu	properNoun	fra
contribuir	verb	oci	contribuer	verb	fra
63n	adjective	oci	63ème	adjective	fra
patinar	verb	oci	patiner	verb	fra
biologic	adjective	oci	biologique	adjective	fra
Lorés	properNoun	oci	Lorés	properNoun	fra
Dumouchel	properNoun	oci	Dumouchel	properNoun	fra
abortiu	adjective	oci	abortif	adjective	fra
chipriòta	adjective	oci	cypriote	adjective	fra
chipriòta	adjective	oci	chypriote	adjective	fra
tambor	noun	oci	tambour	noun	fra
Grandemange	properNoun	oci	Grandemange	properNoun	fra
Cazes	properNoun	oci	Cazes	properNoun	fra
Balañá	properNoun	oci	Balañá	properNoun	fra
Escolano	properNoun	oci	Escolano	properNoun	fra
Apple	properNoun	oci	Apple	properNoun	fra
Sondheim	properNoun	oci	Sondheim	properNoun	fra
profetizar	verb	oci	prophétiser	verb	fra
Tobella	properNoun	oci	Tobella	properNoun	fra
aeroclub	noun	oci	aéroclub	noun	fra
biga	noun	oci	bigue	noun	fra
biga	noun	oci	poutre	noun	fra
auricalc	noun	oci	laiton	noun	fra
auricalc	noun	oci	orichalque	noun	fra
objectiu	adjective	oci	objectif	adjective	fra
interpretacion	noun	oci	interprétation	noun	fra
fixar	verb	oci	apposer	verb	fra
fixar	verb	oci	fixer	verb	fra
Bryson	properNoun	oci	Bryson	properNoun	fra
Gaudet	properNoun	oci	Gaudet	properNoun	fra
Collazos	properNoun	oci	Collazos	properNoun	fra
Lorca	properNoun	oci	Lorca	properNoun	fra
Foy	properNoun	oci	Foy	properNoun	fra
Aline	properNoun	oci	Aline	properNoun	fra
Sebastiá	properNoun	oci	Sebastiá	properNoun	fra
Besora	properNoun	oci	Besora	properNoun	fra
Guillemette	properNoun	oci	Guillemette	properNoun	fra
vantar	verb	oci	louer	verb	fra
Valéry	properNoun	oci	Valéry	properNoun	fra
endonviar	verb	oci	découvrir	verb	fra
endonviar	verb	oci	deviner	verb	fra
Sutton	properNoun	oci	Sutton	properNoun	fra
Sanjuan	properNoun	oci	Sanjuan	properNoun	fra
Somaliland	properNoun	oci	Somaliland	properNoun	fra
asperitat	noun	oci	aspérité	noun	fra
asperitat	noun	oci	asperité	noun	fra
queiguda	noun	oci	chute	noun	fra
metadiegetic	adjective	oci	métadiégétique	adjective	fra
Simó	properNoun	oci	Simó	properNoun	fra
Dario	properNoun	oci	Dario	properNoun	fra
Virgin	properNoun	oci	Virgin	properNoun	fra
acceptable	adjective	oci	acceptable	adjective	fra
Louis	properNoun	oci	Louis	properNoun	fra
Marías	properNoun	oci	Marías	properNoun	fra
Guilló	properNoun	oci	Guilló	properNoun	fra
Maria Magdalena	properNoun	oci	Maria Magdalena	properNoun	fra
biograf	noun	oci	biographe	noun	fra
Morente	properNoun	oci	Morente	properNoun	fra
grèc	adjective	oci	grec	adjective	fra
desossar	verb	oci	désosser	verb	fra
transferible	adjective	oci	transférable	adjective	fra
Alphand	properNoun	oci	Alphand	properNoun	fra
prada	noun	oci	prairie	noun	fra
Goddard	properNoun	oci	Goddard	properNoun	fra
Rizzo	properNoun	oci	Rizzo	properNoun	fra
escarpa	noun	oci	carpe	noun	fra
mandibula	noun	oci	mâchoire	noun	fra
Boulianne	properNoun	oci	Boulianne	properNoun	fra
biofilm	noun	oci	biofilm	noun	fra
Requena	properNoun	oci	Requena	properNoun	fra
dividir	verb	oci	diviser	verb	fra
VII	numeral	oci	VIIe	adjective	fra
VII	numeral	oci	VIIème	adjective	fra
VII	numeral	oci	VII	numeral	fra
tractat	noun	oci	traité	noun	fra
Di María	properNoun	oci	Di María	properNoun	fra
Bloc	properNoun	oci	Bloc	properNoun	fra
Muntal	properNoun	oci	Muntal	properNoun	fra
Asfour	properNoun	oci	Asfour	properNoun	fra
Rabanal	properNoun	oci	Rabanal	properNoun	fra
just	adverb	oci	juste	adverb	fra
Ponniah	properNoun	oci	Ponniah	properNoun	fra
dobtós	adjective	oci	douteux	adjective	fra
Sinisterra	properNoun	oci	Sinisterra	properNoun	fra
Singles	properNoun	oci	Singles	properNoun	fra
omologia	noun	oci	homologie	noun	fra
Carcedo	properNoun	oci	Carcedo	properNoun	fra
Bellon	properNoun	oci	Bellon	properNoun	fra
contravier	verb	oci	contrevenir	verb	fra
Simms	properNoun	oci	Simms	properNoun	fra
Didier	properNoun	oci	Didier	properNoun	fra
revocacion	noun	oci	révocation	noun	fra
Baltimore	properNoun	oci	Baltimore	properNoun	fra
implorar	verb	oci	implorer	verb	fra
Foz	properNoun	oci	Foz	properNoun	fra
posteriorament	adverb	oci	postérieurement	adverb	fra
profechar	verb	oci	profiter	verb	fra
Blier	properNoun	oci	Blier	properNoun	fra
Beethoven	properNoun	oci	Beethoven	properNoun	fra
promièr	noun	oci	premier	noun	fra
del Río	properNoun	oci	del Río	properNoun	fra
Ariana	properNoun	oci	Ariana	properNoun	fra
Ariana	properNoun	oci	Ariane	properNoun	fra
interfàcia	noun	oci	interface	noun	fra
Pedro	properNoun	oci	Pedro	properNoun	fra
Bulgaria	properNoun	oci	Bulgarie	properNoun	fra
neogaullista	noun	oci	néogaulliste	noun	fra
incopable	adjective	oci	infrangible	adjective	fra
reconstitucion	noun	oci	reconstitution	noun	fra
Gagarin	properNoun	oci	Gagarine	properNoun	fra
diagonala	noun	oci	diagonale	noun	fra
miraculós	adjective	oci	miraculeux	adjective	fra
Flo	properNoun	oci	Flo	properNoun	fra
Daniels	properNoun	oci	Daniels	properNoun	fra
Calais	properNoun	oci	Calais	properNoun	fra
Tukkiapik	properNoun	oci	Tukkiapik	properNoun	fra
Gomez	properNoun	oci	Gomez	properNoun	fra
Marró	properNoun	oci	Marró	properNoun	fra
recaptar	verb	oci	collecter	verb	fra
recaptar	verb	oci	ranger	verb	fra
recaptar	verb	oci	percevoir	verb	fra
istologic	adjective	oci	histologique	adjective	fra
Berlinguette	properNoun	oci	Berlinguette	properNoun	fra
cremar	verb	oci	brûler	verb	fra
luxuós	adjective	oci	luxueux	adjective	fra
tecnica	noun	oci	technique	noun	fra
cloric	adjective	oci	chlorique	adjective	fra
cordifòrme	adjective	oci	cordiforme	adjective	fra
Jersey	properNoun	oci	Jersey	properNoun	fra
reüssir	verb	oci	réussir	verb	fra
Ava	properNoun	oci	Ava	properNoun	fra
Dirac	properNoun	oci	Dirac	properNoun	fra
maquiavelisme	noun	oci	machiavélisme	noun	fra
permissible	adjective	oci	permissible	adjective	fra
licean	adjective	oci	lycéen	adjective	fra
vinaigreta	noun	oci	vinaigrette	noun	fra
XV	numeral	oci	XVe	adjective	fra
XV	numeral	oci	XV	numeral	fra
XV	numeral	oci	XVème	adjective	fra
immobilizacion	noun	oci	immobilisation	noun	fra
bèlas arts	noun	oci	beaux-arts	noun	fra
borrós	adjective	oci	flou	adjective	fra
auferta	noun	oci	offre	noun	fra
Xargay	properNoun	oci	Xargay	properNoun	fra
sacrar	verb	oci	sacrer	verb	fra
assompcion	noun	oci	assomption	noun	fra
Tayyip	properNoun	oci	Tayyip	properNoun	fra
cinquanta tres	numeral	oci	cinquante-trois	numeral	fra
distintiu	adjective	oci	distinctif	adjective	fra
Conde Pumpido	properNoun	oci	Conde Pumpido	properNoun	fra
Zorrilla	properNoun	oci	Zorrilla	properNoun	fra
Boltzmann	properNoun	oci	Boltzmann	properNoun	fra
Lasnier	properNoun	oci	Lasnier	properNoun	fra
crèma	adjective	oci	crème	adjective	fra
infarctus	noun	oci	infarctus	noun	fra
Traver	properNoun	oci	Traver	properNoun	fra
ueitanta dos	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-deux	numeral	fra
Elzein	properNoun	oci	Elzein	properNoun	fra
Condori	properNoun	oci	Condori	properNoun	fra
Avoine	properNoun	oci	Avoine	properNoun	fra
espectador	noun	oci	spectateur	noun	fra
carbonièra	noun	oci	houillère	noun	fra
cavitat	noun	oci	cavité	noun	fra
Berbergal	properNoun	oci	Berbergal	properNoun	fra
Bayerri	properNoun	oci	Bayerri	properNoun	fra
Goldbach	properNoun	oci	Goldbach	properNoun	fra
Cuadras	properNoun	oci	Cuadras	properNoun	fra
Solera	properNoun	oci	Solera	properNoun	fra
Bonafont	properNoun	oci	Bonafont	properNoun	fra
fondador	noun	oci	fondateur	noun	fra
interès	noun	oci	intérêt	noun	fra
Camins	properNoun	oci	Camins	properNoun	fra
Cardoso	properNoun	oci	Cardoso	properNoun	fra
Fabre	properNoun	oci	Fabre	properNoun	fra
Arancibia	properNoun	oci	Arancibia	properNoun	fra
Andréas	properNoun	oci	Andréas	properNoun	fra
Bernadó	properNoun	oci	Bernadó	properNoun	fra
Navalón	properNoun	oci	Navalón	properNoun	fra
Spinelli	properNoun	oci	Spinelli	properNoun	fra
Joana	properNoun	oci	Jeanne	properNoun	fra
Joana	properNoun	oci	Joana	properNoun	fra
prestec	noun	oci	prêt	noun	fra
desvelopar	verb	oci	développer	verb	fra
Císcar	properNoun	oci	Císcar	properNoun	fra
Exantus	properNoun	oci	Exantus	properNoun	fra
Haigh	properNoun	oci	Haigh	properNoun	fra
grèu	adjective	oci	grave	adjective	fra
crisalida	noun	oci	chrysalide	noun	fra
Mura	properNoun	oci	Mura	properNoun	fra
dramaturgia	noun	oci	dramaturgie	noun	fra
vanitós	adjective	oci	vaniteux	adjective	fra
vaccinat	adjective	oci	vacciné	adjective	fra
Sabadell	properNoun	oci	Sabadell	properNoun	fra
polissa	noun	oci	police	noun	fra
Cacchione	properNoun	oci	Cacchione	properNoun	fra
25n	adjective	oci	25ème	adjective	fra
enquimerar	verb	oci	inquiéter	verb	fra
Alós	properNoun	oci	Alós	properNoun	fra
Heinrich	properNoun	oci	Heinrich	properNoun	fra
biografia	noun	oci	biographie	noun	fra
Lumière	properNoun	oci	Lumière	properNoun	fra
Rosendo	properNoun	oci	Rosendo	properNoun	fra
Madaria	properNoun	oci	Madaria	properNoun	fra
Dalglish	properNoun	oci	Dalglish	properNoun	fra
Bérubé	properNoun	oci	Bérubé	properNoun	fra
Usès	properNoun	oci	Uzès	properNoun	fra
reglamentar	verb	oci	réglementer	verb	fra
Bocanegra	properNoun	oci	Bocanegra	properNoun	fra
penalizar	verb	oci	pénaliser	verb	fra
vestir	verb	oci	vêtir	verb	fra
vestir	verb	oci	affubler	verb	fra
vestir	verb	oci	habiller	verb	fra
nitric	adjective	oci	nitrique	adjective	fra
Lebeau	properNoun	oci	Lebeau	properNoun	fra
Split	properNoun	oci	Split	properNoun	fra
Quiñónez	properNoun	oci	Quiñónez	properNoun	fra
inflorescéncia	noun	oci	inflorescence	noun	fra
Trautmann	properNoun	oci	Trautmann	properNoun	fra
Nissan	properNoun	oci	Nissan	properNoun	fra
Mills	properNoun	oci	Mills	properNoun	fra
Jordà	properNoun	oci	Jordà	properNoun	fra
dificultat	noun	oci	difficulté	noun	fra
verenós	adjective	oci	venimeux	adjective	fra
Samuel	properNoun	oci	Samuel	properNoun	fra
Mancuso	properNoun	oci	Mancuso	properNoun	fra
Ferhat	properNoun	oci	Ferhat	properNoun	fra
Croussette	properNoun	oci	Croussette	properNoun	fra
ola	noun	oci	marmite	noun	fra
ola	noun	oci	cocotte	noun	fra
tastar	verb	oci	prouver	verb	fra
tastar	verb	oci	gouter	verb	fra
tastar	verb	oci	essayer	verb	fra
tastar	verb	oci	goûter	verb	fra
valor	noun	oci	valeur	noun	fra
Oriol	properNoun	oci	Oriol	properNoun	fra
Negri	properNoun	oci	Negri	properNoun	fra
Crespillo	properNoun	oci	Crespillo	properNoun	fra
Rasero	properNoun	oci	Rasero	properNoun	fra
realisar	verb	oci	réaliser	verb	fra
Rizkallah	properNoun	oci	Rizkallah	properNoun	fra
sèxe	noun	oci	sexe	noun	fra
Dámaso	properNoun	oci	Dámaso	properNoun	fra
descreissent	adjective	oci	décroissant	adjective	fra
Marc	properNoun	oci	Marc	properNoun	fra
impunitat	noun	oci	impunité	noun	fra
Parras	properNoun	oci	Parras	properNoun	fra
contribuidor	noun	oci	contribuable	noun	fra
qual	adjective	oci	qui	interrogativePronoun	fra
qual	adjective	oci	qui	pronoun	fra
qual	adjective	oci	qui	relativePronoun	fra
qual	adjective	oci	quel	adjective	fra
qual	adjective	oci	quel	interrogativePronoun	fra
qual	adjective	oci	quel	pronoun	fra
qual	interrogativePronoun	oci	qui	interrogativePronoun	fra
qual	interrogativePronoun	oci	qui	pronoun	fra
qual	interrogativePronoun	oci	qui	relativePronoun	fra
qual	interrogativePronoun	oci	quel	adjective	fra
qual	interrogativePronoun	oci	quel	interrogativePronoun	fra
qual	interrogativePronoun	oci	quel	pronoun	fra
qual	pronoun	oci	qui	interrogativePronoun	fra
qual	pronoun	oci	qui	pronoun	fra
qual	pronoun	oci	qui	relativePronoun	fra
qual	pronoun	oci	quel	adjective	fra
qual	pronoun	oci	quel	interrogativePronoun	fra
qual	pronoun	oci	quel	pronoun	fra
Gironès	properNoun	oci	Gironès	properNoun	fra
bendatge	noun	oci	bandage	noun	fra
simplicitat	noun	oci	simplicité	noun	fra
beninés	noun	oci	Béninois	noun	fra
Swansea	properNoun	oci	Swansea	properNoun	fra
adaiguatge	noun	oci	arrosage	noun	fra
Monné	properNoun	oci	Monné	properNoun	fra
baioneta	noun	oci	baïonnette	noun	fra
baioneta	noun	oci	bayonette	noun	fra
Loïsa	properNoun	oci	Louise	properNoun	fra
Loïsa	properNoun	oci	Loïsa	properNoun	fra
lava	noun	oci	lave	noun	fra
entremetre	verb	oci	entremettre	verb	fra
Vielha	properNoun	oci	Vielha	properNoun	fra
Olivet	properNoun	oci	Olivet	properNoun	fra
Jerusalèm	properNoun	oci	Jérusalem	properNoun	fra
Gérald	properNoun	oci	Gérald	properNoun	fra
arabesca	noun	oci	arabesque	noun	fra
Javier	properNoun	oci	Javier	properNoun	fra
Rimski-Korsakov	properNoun	oci	Rimski-Korsakov	properNoun	fra
vescomte	noun	oci	vicomtesse	noun	fra
vescomte	noun	oci	vicomte	noun	fra
Alarcón	properNoun	oci	Alarcón	properNoun	fra
Portell	properNoun	oci	Portell	properNoun	fra
Saramago	properNoun	oci	Saramago	properNoun	fra
estereotipia	noun	oci	stéréotypie	noun	fra
afirmacion	noun	oci	affirmation	noun	fra
agrament	adverb	oci	aigrement	adverb	fra
Codinach	properNoun	oci	Codinach	properNoun	fra
Mair	properNoun	oci	Mair	properNoun	fra
paralizacion	noun	oci	paralysie	noun	fra
Rosique	properNoun	oci	Rosique	properNoun	fra
peirièira	noun	oci	carrière	noun	fra
Chaban	properNoun	oci	Chaban	properNoun	fra
repulsiu	adjective	oci	répulsif	adjective	fra
pèrsa	noun	oci	perse	noun	fra
fins aquí	adverb	oci	jusque-là	adverb	fra
Lui	properNoun	oci	Lui	properNoun	fra
Alamar	properNoun	oci	Alamar	properNoun	fra
fargar	verb	oci	forger	verb	fra
lende	noun	oci	lente	noun	fra
dialòg	noun	oci	dialogue	noun	fra
Coca-Cola	properNoun	oci	Coca-Cola	properNoun	fra
Lamas	properNoun	oci	Lamas	properNoun	fra
coma del temps que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	comme au temps où	subordinatingConjunction	fra
triatlon	noun	oci	triathlon	noun	fra
Morneau	properNoun	oci	Morneau	properNoun	fra
eslhauç	noun	oci	éclair	noun	fra
Foisy	properNoun	oci	Foisy	properNoun	fra
deceleracion	noun	oci	décélération	noun	fra
Wolfram	properNoun	oci	Wolfram	properNoun	fra
Punzano	properNoun	oci	Punzano	properNoun	fra
al brutle	adverb	oci	précipitamment	adverb	fra
Sonier	properNoun	oci	Sonier	properNoun	fra
escarraunhar	verb	oci	égratigner	verb	fra
escarraunhar	verb	oci	baragouiner	verb	fra
critic	noun	oci	critique	noun	fra
Mauffrey	properNoun	oci	Mauffrey	properNoun	fra
Desousa	properNoun	oci	Desousa	properNoun	fra
quin	adjective	oci	quel	adjective	fra
quin	adjective	oci	quel	interrogativePronoun	fra
quin	adjective	oci	quel	pronoun	fra
quin	interrogativePronoun	oci	quel	adjective	fra
quin	interrogativePronoun	oci	quel	interrogativePronoun	fra
quin	interrogativePronoun	oci	quel	pronoun	fra
quin	pronoun	oci	quel	adjective	fra
quin	pronoun	oci	quel	interrogativePronoun	fra
quin	pronoun	oci	quel	pronoun	fra
çai jos	adverb	oci	ci-dessous	adverb	fra
universitari	noun	oci	universitaire	noun	fra
Mourelatos	properNoun	oci	Mourelatos	properNoun	fra
Lowy	properNoun	oci	Lowy	properNoun	fra
Fernande	properNoun	oci	Fernande	properNoun	fra
disputar	verb	oci	matcher	verb	fra
disputar	verb	oci	disputer	verb	fra
sopar	verb	oci	dîner	verb	fra
sopar	verb	oci	souper	verb	fra
epistemiologia	noun	oci	épistémiologie	noun	fra
sedimentar	verb	oci	sédimenter	verb	fra
ressar	verb	oci	scier	verb	fra
tausin	noun	oci	tauzin	noun	fra
Galardo	properNoun	oci	Galardo	properNoun	fra
Irénée	properNoun	oci	Irénée	properNoun	fra
ÒNU	noun	oci	ONU	noun	fra
Gibraltar	properNoun	oci	Gibraltar	properNoun	fra
botarra	noun	oci	bouderie	noun	fra
interior	noun	oci	intérieur	noun	fra
sosfamilha	noun	oci	sous-famille	noun	fra
Castaneda	properNoun	oci	Castaneda	properNoun	fra
agnosticisme	noun	oci	agnosticisme	noun	fra
parçan	noun	oci	comarque	noun	fra
parçan	noun	oci	zone	noun	fra
Carrie	properNoun	oci	Carrie	properNoun	fra
coma	noun	oci	coma	noun	fra
d'avança	adverb	oci	d'avance	adverb	fra
aprendissatge	noun	oci	apprentissage	noun	fra
Bárbara	properNoun	oci	Bárbara	properNoun	fra
antielmintic	adjective	oci	anthelminthique	adjective	fra
Falkland	properNoun	oci	Falkland	properNoun	fra
teulissièr	noun	oci	couvreur	noun	fra
patriarcat	noun	oci	patriarcat	noun	fra
embarrar	verb	oci	enfermer	verb	fra
Resendes	properNoun	oci	Resendes	properNoun	fra
Elíes	properNoun	oci	Elíes	properNoun	fra
sobeiranista	adjective	oci	souverainiste	adjective	fra
Deslongchamps	properNoun	oci	Deslongchamps	properNoun	fra
Sabariego	properNoun	oci	Sabariego	properNoun	fra
Llongueras	properNoun	oci	Llongueras	properNoun	fra
opèra	noun	oci	opéra	noun	fra
fred	adjective	oci	froid	adjective	fra
von Frundsberg	properNoun	oci	von Frundsberg	properNoun	fra
pesolhina	noun	oci	vermine	noun	fra
Illueca	properNoun	oci	Illueca	properNoun	fra
òra	noun	oci	heure	noun	fra
Leduc	properNoun	oci	Leduc	properNoun	fra
AFM	noun	oci	AFM	noun	fra
canadenc	noun	oci	Canadien	noun	fra
canadenc	noun	oci	canadien	noun	fra
Kurosawa	properNoun	oci	Kurosawa	properNoun	fra
nòrma	noun	oci	norme	noun	fra
nòrma	noun	oci	réglementation	noun	fra
nòrma	noun	oci	règle	noun	fra
Amaral	properNoun	oci	Amaral	properNoun	fra
incrementar	verb	oci	incrémenter	verb	fra
incrementar	verb	oci	accroître	verb	fra
Gautama	properNoun	oci	Gautama	properNoun	fra
estupor	noun	oci	stupeur	noun	fra
anacronic	adjective	oci	anachronique	adjective	fra
La Roche-sur-Yon	properNoun	oci	La Roche-sur-Yon	properNoun	fra
cavèca	noun	oci	chevêche	noun	fra
drastic	adjective	oci	drastique	adjective	fra
Windows Phone	properNoun	oci	Windows Phone	properNoun	fra
vòmit	noun	oci	vomissement	noun	fra
Elbaz	properNoun	oci	Elbaz	properNoun	fra
calh	noun	oci	présure	noun	fra
manjar	verb	oci	manger	verb	fra
Fíguls	properNoun	oci	Fíguls	properNoun	fra
Léger	properNoun	oci	Léger	properNoun	fra
Léger	properNoun	oci	Loire	properNoun	fra
marquesat	noun	oci	marquisat	noun	fra
Petrov	properNoun	oci	Petrov	properNoun	fra
a regard de	preposition	oci	à l'égard de	preposition	fra
Randall	properNoun	oci	Randall	properNoun	fra
òdi	noun	oci	haine	noun	fra
indecent	adjective	oci	indécent	adjective	fra
Pérez	properNoun	oci	Pérez	properNoun	fra
compdar	verb	oci	compter	verb	fra
Cebrián	properNoun	oci	Cebrián	properNoun	fra
estandardizacion	noun	oci	standardisation	noun	fra
sollicitacion	noun	oci	sollicitation	noun	fra
inalator	adjective	oci	inhalateur	adjective	fra
Tribo	properNoun	oci	Tribo	properNoun	fra
pic	noun	oci	pic	noun	fra
marrit	noun	oci	méchant	noun	fra
marrit	noun	oci	mauvais	noun	fra
jo	pronoun	oci	moi	pronoun	fra
jo	pronoun	oci	je	pronoun	fra
Arlandes	properNoun	oci	Arlandes	properNoun	fra
Corbella	properNoun	oci	Corbella	properNoun	fra
carreton	noun	oci	landau	noun	fra
carreton	noun	oci	caddie	noun	fra
a fin e a mesura de	preposition	oci	au fur et à mesure de	preposition	fra
invencibilitat	noun	oci	invincibilité	noun	fra
Llambrich	properNoun	oci	Llambrich	properNoun	fra
Stein	properNoun	oci	Stein	properNoun	fra
Viol	properNoun	oci	Viol	properNoun	fra
Chaparro	properNoun	oci	Chaparro	properNoun	fra
Cope	properNoun	oci	Cope	properNoun	fra
modulador	noun	oci	modulateur	noun	fra
Montse	properNoun	oci	Montse	properNoun	fra
Garcías	properNoun	oci	Garcías	properNoun	fra
Woody	properNoun	oci	Woody	properNoun	fra
frauda	noun	oci	fraude	noun	fra
Duncan	properNoun	oci	Duncan	properNoun	fra
serafic	adjective	oci	séraphique	adjective	fra
Ezquerro	properNoun	oci	Ezquerro	properNoun	fra
sudafrican	noun	oci	Sud-Africain	noun	fra
millimètre	noun	oci	millimètre	noun	fra
suggestiu	adjective	oci	suggestif	adjective	fra
OMT	noun	oci	OMT	noun	fra
formalament	adverb	oci	formellement	adverb	fra
Lassonde	properNoun	oci	Lassonde	properNoun	fra
von Freytag-Loringhoven	properNoun	oci	von Freytag-Loringhoven	properNoun	fra
Bathurst	properNoun	oci	Bathurst	properNoun	fra
pèl	noun	oci	zeste	noun	fra
pèl	noun	oci	peau	noun	fra
mèsalèu	adverb	oci	plutôt	adverb	fra
Brun	properNoun	oci	Brun	properNoun	fra
Moine	properNoun	oci	Moine	properNoun	fra
vièlh	noun	oci	aïeul	noun	fra
vièlh	noun	oci	vieux	noun	fra
Moragas	properNoun	oci	Moragas	properNoun	fra
desonglar	verb	oci	désongler	verb	fra
McPherson	properNoun	oci	McPherson	properNoun	fra
Galarraga	properNoun	oci	Galarraga	properNoun	fra
Barcena	properNoun	oci	Barcena	properNoun	fra
apartheid	noun	oci	apartheid	noun	fra
laureat	noun	oci	lauréat	noun	fra
Cullen	properNoun	oci	Cullen	properNoun	fra
frutivol	adjective	oci	fruitier	adjective	fra
ahíger	verb	oci	rajouter	verb	fra
ahíger	verb	oci	ajouter	verb	fra
verrolhar	verb	oci	verrouiller	verb	fra
Longchamps	properNoun	oci	Longchamps	properNoun	fra
von Maltzan	properNoun	oci	von Maltzan	properNoun	fra
geografic	adjective	oci	géographique	adjective	fra
mejan	adjective	oci	moyen	adjective	fra
organic	adjective	oci	organique	adjective	fra
Mooney	properNoun	oci	Mooney	properNoun	fra
Pegueroles	properNoun	oci	Pegueroles	properNoun	fra
aut	adjective	oci	haut	adjective	fra
parents	noun	oci	parents	noun	fra
Lagrange	properNoun	oci	Lagrange	properNoun	fra
Cooncome	properNoun	oci	Cooncome	properNoun	fra
pr'aquò	adverb	oci	néanmoins	adverb	fra
luna	noun	oci	lunaison	noun	fra
luna	noun	oci	lune	noun	fra
torre	noun	oci	tour	noun	fra
Cháfer	properNoun	oci	Cháfer	properNoun	fra
Madoff	properNoun	oci	Madoff	properNoun	fra
teishit	noun	oci	tissu	noun	fra
dins un primièr temps	adverb	oci	dans un premier temps	adverb	fra
Corbacho	properNoun	oci	Corbacho	properNoun	fra
Tatarstan	properNoun	oci	Tatarstan	properNoun	fra
desmobilizar	verb	oci	démobiliser	verb	fra
Rennie	properNoun	oci	Rennie	properNoun	fra
pecar	verb	oci	pécher	verb	fra
Sarrazin	properNoun	oci	Sarrazin	properNoun	fra
Wimsey	properNoun	oci	Wimsey	properNoun	fra
androgèn	adjective	oci	androgène	adjective	fra
Hèctor	properNoun	oci	Hèctor	properNoun	fra
turban	noun	oci	turban	noun	fra
Interpol	properNoun	oci	Interpol	properNoun	fra
dobertura	noun	oci	ouverture	noun	fra
Serrallonga	properNoun	oci	Serrallonga	properNoun	fra
Dominguez	properNoun	oci	Dominguez	properNoun	fra
Sicignano	properNoun	oci	Sicignano	properNoun	fra
créisher	verb	oci	grandir	verb	fra
créisher	verb	oci	croître	verb	fra
Ratzinger	properNoun	oci	Ratzinger	properNoun	fra
Unzurrunzaga	properNoun	oci	Unzurrunzaga	properNoun	fra
Ayxela	properNoun	oci	Ayxela	properNoun	fra
Llunell	properNoun	oci	Llunell	properNoun	fra
Acosta	properNoun	oci	Acosta	properNoun	fra
anticipat	adjective	oci	anticipé	adjective	fra
Montour	properNoun	oci	Montour	properNoun	fra
oxid	noun	oci	oxyde	noun	fra
Austin	properNoun	oci	Austin	properNoun	fra
Vallet	properNoun	oci	Vallet	properNoun	fra
refugi	noun	oci	refuge	noun	fra
Cora	properNoun	oci	Cora	properNoun	fra
concernent a	preposition	oci	concernant	preposition	fra
precís	adjective	oci	précis	adjective	fra
susceptibilitat	noun	oci	susceptibilité	noun	fra
fòrt	adverb	oci	fort	adverb	fra
conifèr	noun	oci	conifère	noun	fra
desmarcar	verb	oci	démarquer	verb	fra
emplastre	noun	oci	gifle	noun	fra
Bass	properNoun	oci	Bass	properNoun	fra
paraplegic	adjective	oci	paraplégique	adjective	fra
Cabell	properNoun	oci	Cabell	properNoun	fra
Hervé	properNoun	oci	Hervé	properNoun	fra
avaloracion	noun	oci	estimation	noun	fra
avaloracion	noun	oci	évaluation	noun	fra
avaloracion	noun	oci	expertise	noun	fra
diafonia	noun	oci	diaphonie	noun	fra
Leslie	properNoun	oci	Leslie	properNoun	fra
Dòn	properNoun	oci	Don	properNoun	fra
Iturgaiz	properNoun	oci	Iturgaiz	properNoun	fra
colquic	noun	oci	colchique	noun	fra
endomorfisme	noun	oci	endomorphisme	noun	fra
abarrejar	verb	oci	mélanger	verb	fra
Guévin	properNoun	oci	Guévin	properNoun	fra
avocat	noun	oci	avocat	noun	fra
benestança	noun	oci	bienséance	noun	fra
examen	noun	oci	examen	noun	fra
Bonilla	properNoun	oci	Bonilla	properNoun	fra
Christin	properNoun	oci	Christin	properNoun	fra
Caille	properNoun	oci	Caille	properNoun	fra
Rubió	properNoun	oci	Rubió	properNoun	fra
CIRDC	properNoun	oci	CIRDOC	properNoun	fra
Rubert	properNoun	oci	Rubert	properNoun	fra
perfumariá	noun	oci	parfumerie	noun	fra
Chambra d'Òc	properNoun	oci	Chambra d'Òc	properNoun	fra
en vertut de	preposition	oci	en vertu de	preposition	fra
al sens contra	adverb	oci	au contraire	adverb	fra
Flood	properNoun	oci	Flood	properNoun	fra
sexualament	adverb	oci	sexuellement	adverb	fra
Casamança	properNoun	oci	Casamance	properNoun	fra
personalament	adverb	oci	personnellement	adverb	fra
Lomas	properNoun	oci	Lomas	properNoun	fra
alègrament	adverb	oci	allègrement	adverb	fra
Zanuck	properNoun	oci	Zanuck	properNoun	fra
Sanon	properNoun	oci	Sanon	properNoun	fra
afeblir	verb	oci	affaiblir	verb	fra
Riemann	properNoun	oci	Riemann	properNoun	fra
devèrs	noun	oci	vers	noun	fra
modèste	noun	oci	modeste	noun	fra
Ramazzotti	properNoun	oci	Ramazzotti	properNoun	fra
penitenciari	adjective	oci	pénitentiaire	adjective	fra
Behary	properNoun	oci	Behary	properNoun	fra
Valladares	properNoun	oci	Valladares	properNoun	fra
prensil	adjective	oci	préhensile	adjective	fra
temptativa	noun	oci	tentative	noun	fra
fisson	noun	oci	dard	noun	fra
variacion	noun	oci	variation	noun	fra
organèla	noun	oci	organite	noun	fra
discòrdia	noun	oci	discorde	noun	fra
Gretchen	properNoun	oci	Gretchen	properNoun	fra
DeWitt	properNoun	oci	DeWitt	properNoun	fra
Pang	properNoun	oci	Pang	properNoun	fra
fondar	verb	oci	fonder	verb	fra
Iserte	properNoun	oci	Iserte	properNoun	fra
Lagimonière	properNoun	oci	Lagimonière	properNoun	fra
adreçar	verb	oci	adresser	verb	fra
adreçar	verb	oci	diriger	verb	fra
amagar	verb	oci	dérober	verb	fra
amagar	verb	oci	cacher	verb	fra
tita	noun	oci	cocotte	noun	fra
Mas Canosa	properNoun	oci	Mas Canosa	properNoun	fra
Irles	properNoun	oci	Irles	properNoun	fra
brin	noun	oci	brin	noun	fra
emulsion	noun	oci	émulsion	noun	fra
Hernando	properNoun	oci	Hernando	properNoun	fra
Pulice	properNoun	oci	Pulice	properNoun	fra
Viaule	properNoun	oci	Viaule	properNoun	fra
arqueometria	noun	oci	archéométrie	noun	fra
solidari	adjective	oci	solidaire	adjective	fra
Easton	properNoun	oci	Easton	properNoun	fra
dreit	adjective	oci	droit	adjective	fra
del Valle	properNoun	oci	del Valle	properNoun	fra
Pelayo	properNoun	oci	Pelayo	properNoun	fra
detector	noun	oci	détecteur	noun	fra
cat	noun	oci	chat	noun	fra
Ditullio	properNoun	oci	Ditullio	properNoun	fra
descolonizacion	noun	oci	décolonisation	noun	fra
alienar	verb	oci	aliéner	verb	fra
Alessandra	properNoun	oci	Alessandra	properNoun	fra
Aranalde	properNoun	oci	Aranalde	properNoun	fra
Gaouette	properNoun	oci	Gaouette	properNoun	fra
pujada	noun	oci	côte	noun	fra
Amaya	properNoun	oci	Amaya	properNoun	fra
Giberto	properNoun	oci	Gilberto	properNoun	fra
Calaf	properNoun	oci	Calaf	properNoun	fra
infirme	adjective	oci	infirme	adjective	fra
Herman	properNoun	oci	Herman	properNoun	fra
fachista	noun	oci	fasciste	noun	fra
respectivament	adverb	oci	respectivement	adverb	fra
intensificar	verb	oci	intensifier	verb	fra
parent	adjective	oci	parent	adjective	fra
Grilli	properNoun	oci	Grilli	properNoun	fra
Maria Cristina	properNoun	oci	Maria Cristina	properNoun	fra
Maria Cristina	properNoun	oci	Marie-Christine	properNoun	fra
Boris	properNoun	oci	Boris	properNoun	fra
van Leeuwenhoek	properNoun	oci	van Leeuwenhoek	properNoun	fra
leninista	noun	oci	léniniste	noun	fra
nobletat	noun	oci	nobilité	noun	fra
metabòla	noun	oci	métabole	noun	fra
Alguacil	properNoun	oci	Alguacil	properNoun	fra
Greenwich	properNoun	oci	Greenwich	properNoun	fra
sorgir	verb	oci	surgir	verb	fra
cai	noun	oci	quai	noun	fra
Bergas	properNoun	oci	Bergas	properNoun	fra
Kumar	properNoun	oci	Kumar	properNoun	fra
edifici	noun	oci	édifice	noun	fra
edifici	noun	oci	bâtiment	noun	fra
trenta un	numeral	oci	trente-et-un	numeral	fra
trenta un	numeral	oci	trente et un	numeral	fra
esperantista	noun	oci	espérantiste	noun	fra
foncionari	noun	oci	fonctionnaire	noun	fra
Bentley	properNoun	oci	Bentley	properNoun	fra
Flavia	properNoun	oci	Flavia	properNoun	fra
Gadea	properNoun	oci	Gadea	properNoun	fra
transplantacion	noun	oci	transplantation	noun	fra
transplantacion	noun	oci	greffe	noun	fra
suenhar	verb	oci	soigner	verb	fra
velosat	noun	oci	velouté	noun	fra
Bethe	properNoun	oci	Bethe	properNoun	fra
pareïdòlia	noun	oci	paréidolie	noun	fra
retribucion	noun	oci	rétribution	noun	fra
venir	verb	oci	devenir	verb	fra
venir	verb	oci	venir	verb	fra
tematica	noun	oci	thématique	noun	fra
reproduccion	noun	oci	reproduction	noun	fra
Dure	properNoun	oci	Dure	properNoun	fra
Cabrera	properNoun	oci	Cabrera	properNoun	fra
Clement	properNoun	oci	Clement	properNoun	fra
lisant	adjective	oci	glissant	adjective	fra
Dorotèa	properNoun	oci	Dorotèa	properNoun	fra
Ramiro	properNoun	oci	Ramiro	properNoun	fra
Bossé	properNoun	oci	Bossé	properNoun	fra
Heaviside	properNoun	oci	Heaviside	properNoun	fra
porcin	noun	oci	porcin	noun	fra
cromatina	noun	oci	chromatine	noun	fra
linha	noun	oci	ligne	noun	fra
ailai	adverb	oci	là-bas	adverb	fra
confiar	verb	oci	confier	verb	fra
Arana	properNoun	oci	Arana	properNoun	fra
diapason	noun	oci	diapason	noun	fra
especulator	noun	oci	spéculateur	noun	fra
Xicola	properNoun	oci	Xicola	properNoun	fra
occident	noun	oci	occident	noun	fra
Sheraton	properNoun	oci	Sheraton	properNoun	fra
Crisafulli	properNoun	oci	Crisafulli	properNoun	fra
salvar	verb	oci	sauver	verb	fra
salvar	verb	oci	sauvegarder	verb	fra
alunhat	adjective	oci	éloigné	adjective	fra
Bolló	properNoun	oci	Bolló	properNoun	fra
Adelaide	properNoun	oci	Adelaide	properNoun	fra
popular	noun	oci	populaire	noun	fra
santetat	noun	oci	sainteté	noun	fra
Marchetta	properNoun	oci	Marchetta	properNoun	fra
Dam	properNoun	oci	Dam	properNoun	fra
Súñer	properNoun	oci	Súñer	properNoun	fra
Onorat	properNoun	oci	Onorat	properNoun	fra
Armas	properNoun	oci	Armas	properNoun	fra
antisemita	noun	oci	antisémite	noun	fra
El Haddad	properNoun	oci	El Haddad	properNoun	fra
Beltrán	properNoun	oci	Beltrán	properNoun	fra
denonciar	verb	oci	dénoncer	verb	fra
meddia	noun	oci	midi	noun	fra
igrofil	adjective	oci	hygrophile	adjective	fra
Brissette	properNoun	oci	Brissette	properNoun	fra
Maldivas	properNoun	oci	Maldives	properNoun	fra
Estorach	properNoun	oci	Estorach	properNoun	fra
Daudelin	properNoun	oci	Daudelin	properNoun	fra
amendament	noun	oci	amendement	noun	fra
23n	adjective	oci	23ème	adjective	fra
Luque	properNoun	oci	Luque	properNoun	fra
lepar	verb	oci	lécher	verb	fra
Ayora	properNoun	oci	Ayora	properNoun	fra
Malaga	properNoun	oci	Malaga	properNoun	fra
cercaire	noun	oci	chercheur	noun	fra
normalizat	adjective	oci	normalisé	adjective	fra
calculador	adjective	oci	calculateur	adjective	fra
Diakité	properNoun	oci	Diakité	properNoun	fra
alcoolic	noun	oci	alcoolique	noun	fra
Cajolet	properNoun	oci	Cajolet	properNoun	fra
Houghton	properNoun	oci	Houghton	properNoun	fra
Luisa	properNoun	oci	Luisa	properNoun	fra
comprometre	verb	oci	compromettre	verb	fra
Childs	properNoun	oci	Childs	properNoun	fra
electronic	adjective	oci	électronique	adjective	fra
jamaïcan	noun	oci	Jamaïcain	noun	fra
Coubertin	properNoun	oci	Coubertin	properNoun	fra
bofa	noun	oci	gifle	noun	fra
Keita	properNoun	oci	Keita	properNoun	fra
Jeannine	properNoun	oci	Jeannine	properNoun	fra
Brett	properNoun	oci	Brett	properNoun	fra
Noureddine	properNoun	oci	Noureddine	properNoun	fra
geografia	noun	oci	géographie	noun	fra
Pariseau	properNoun	oci	Pariseau	properNoun	fra
capborrut	adjective	oci	têtu	adjective	fra
antroponimia	noun	oci	anthroponymie	noun	fra
caracteristica	noun	oci	caractéristique	noun	fra
decantacion	noun	oci	décantation	noun	fra
Laterreur	properNoun	oci	Laterreur	properNoun	fra
Drina	properNoun	oci	Drina	properNoun	fra
Devin	properNoun	oci	Devin	properNoun	fra
trèva	noun	oci	spectre	noun	fra
trèva	noun	oci	trêve	noun	fra
trèva	noun	oci	fantôme	noun	fra
Figueres	properNoun	oci	Figueres	properNoun	fra
Figueres	properNoun	oci	Figueras	properNoun	fra
pocion	noun	oci	potion	noun	fra
bombona	noun	oci	bombonne	noun	fra
Sendai	properNoun	oci	Sendai	properNoun	fra
Rota	properNoun	oci	Rota	properNoun	fra
McDermott	properNoun	oci	McDermott	properNoun	fra
aproximadament	adverb	oci	environ	adverb	fra
exportar	verb	oci	exporter	verb	fra
factor	noun	oci	facteur	noun	fra
Rowling	properNoun	oci	Rowling	properNoun	fra
bauca	noun	oci	herbe	noun	fra
fautuèlh	noun	oci	fauteuil	noun	fra
franc	adjective	oci	franc	adjective	fra
franc	adjective	oci	franc_peuple	adjective	fra
coleric	adjective	oci	colérique	adjective	fra
Ómbria	properNoun	oci	Ombrie	properNoun	fra
Bevià	properNoun	oci	Bevià	properNoun	fra
78n	adjective	oci	78ème	adjective	fra
intèrn	adjective	oci	interne	adjective	fra
ordenador	noun	oci	ordinateur	noun	fra
conciliable	adjective	oci	conciliable	adjective	fra
epigraf	noun	oci	épigraphe	noun	fra
Carpena	properNoun	oci	Carpena	properNoun	fra
Teixeira	properNoun	oci	Teixeira	properNoun	fra
Pont	properNoun	oci	Pont	properNoun	fra
sornièra	noun	oci	obscurité	noun	fra
Couso	properNoun	oci	Couso	properNoun	fra
Miquèl Àngel	properNoun	oci	Michel-Ange	properNoun	fra
collacion	noun	oci	collation	noun	fra
sectari	adjective	oci	sectaire	adjective	fra
inseminar	verb	oci	inséminer	verb	fra
Benedito	properNoun	oci	Benedito	properNoun	fra
transmembranari	adjective	oci	transmembranaire	adjective	fra
fulhet	noun	oci	feuillet	noun	fra
Sabourin	properNoun	oci	Sabourin	properNoun	fra
Guilmain	properNoun	oci	Guilmain	properNoun	fra
entrecrosar	verb	oci	entrecroiser	verb	fra
Vasquez	properNoun	oci	Vasquez	properNoun	fra
Pradell	properNoun	oci	Pradell	properNoun	fra
albricotièr	noun	oci	abricotier	noun	fra
vergonha	noun	oci	vergogne	noun	fra
vergonha	noun	oci	honte	noun	fra
esclavagista	adjective	oci	esclavagiste	adjective	fra
nepalés	adjective	oci	népalais	adjective	fra
empejorar	verb	oci	empirer	verb	fra
Ieltzin	properNoun	oci	Eltsine	properNoun	fra
maison	noun	oci	maison	noun	fra
Bouthot	properNoun	oci	Bouthot	properNoun	fra
burin	noun	oci	burin	noun	fra
Varó	properNoun	oci	Varó	properNoun	fra
Lèida	properNoun	oci	Leyde	properNoun	fra
Vaughan	properNoun	oci	Vaughan	properNoun	fra
surfaire	noun	oci	surfeur	noun	fra
Sèina	properNoun	oci	Seine	properNoun	fra
Sèina	properNoun	oci	la Seine	properNoun	fra
Aduritz	properNoun	oci	Aduritz	properNoun	fra
Auvèrnhe-Ròse-Alps	properNoun	oci	Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes	properNoun	fra
en çò de	preposition	oci	chez	preposition	fra
Jakys	properNoun	oci	Jakys	properNoun	fra
Bruch	properNoun	oci	Bruch	properNoun	fra
Tòquio	properNoun	oci	Tokyo	properNoun	fra
Sañé	properNoun	oci	Sañé	properNoun	fra
masqueta	noun	oci	masque	noun	fra
pegar	verb	oci	coller	verb	fra
bròssa	noun	oci	brosse	noun	fra
Escrivá	properNoun	oci	Escrivá	properNoun	fra
salvador	noun	oci	sauveur	noun	fra
caledonian	noun	oci	Calédonien	noun	fra
caledonian	noun	oci	Néo-Calédonien	noun	fra
Badalamenti	properNoun	oci	Badalamenti	properNoun	fra
Roquièr	properNoun	oci	Roquièr	properNoun	fra
jogador	adjective	oci	joueur	adjective	fra
Cukor	properNoun	oci	Cukor	properNoun	fra
HSBC	noun	oci	HSBC	noun	fra
DJ	noun	oci	DJ	noun	fra
Picapedra	properNoun	oci	Picapedra	properNoun	fra
telefilm	noun	oci	téléfilm	noun	fra
candidatura	noun	oci	candidature	noun	fra
pòdium	noun	oci	podium	noun	fra
Crookes	properNoun	oci	Crookes	properNoun	fra
Vodafone	properNoun	oci	Vodafone	properNoun	fra
Elortza	properNoun	oci	Elortza	properNoun	fra
Clivillé	properNoun	oci	Clivillé	properNoun	fra
Barthez	properNoun	oci	Barthez	properNoun	fra
ferit	noun	oci	blessé	noun	fra
a costat de	preposition	oci	à côté de	preposition	fra
cassiterita	noun	oci	cassitérite	noun	fra
prince	noun	oci	prince	noun	fra
Miró	properNoun	oci	Miró	properNoun	fra
mortalitat	noun	oci	mortalité	noun	fra
Bellmunt	properNoun	oci	Bellmunt	properNoun	fra
Florencio	properNoun	oci	Florencio	properNoun	fra
pseudonim	adjective	oci	pseudonyme	adjective	fra
sonet	noun	oci	sonnet	noun	fra
facilitat	noun	oci	facilité	noun	fra
Woody Allen	properNoun	oci	Woody Allen	properNoun	fra
Leonora	properNoun	oci	Leonora	properNoun	fra
ecologia	noun	oci	écologie	noun	fra
opausant	noun	oci	opposant	noun	fra
aleron	noun	oci	aileron	noun	fra
posca	noun	oci	poussière	noun	fra
assumir	verb	oci	assumer	verb	fra
Amat	properNoun	oci	Amat	properNoun	fra
St-Jean	properNoun	oci	St-Jean	properNoun	fra
Ferrusola	properNoun	oci	Ferrusola	properNoun	fra
melós	adjective	oci	mielleux	adjective	fra
feminin	adjective	oci	féminin	adjective	fra
Cresswell	properNoun	oci	Cresswell	properNoun	fra
filtrar	verb	oci	filtrer	verb	fra
Kigali	properNoun	oci	Kigali	properNoun	fra
tunisian	adjective	oci	tunisien	adjective	fra
fraile	adjective	oci	frêle	adjective	fra
diametralament	adverb	oci	diamétralement	adverb	fra
bermudian	noun	oci	Bermudien	noun	fra
MacDermott	properNoun	oci	MacDermott	properNoun	fra
costeleta	noun	oci	côtelette	noun	fra
Jourdain	properNoun	oci	Jourdain	properNoun	fra
Barros	properNoun	oci	Barros	properNoun	fra
Bains	properNoun	oci	Bains	properNoun	fra
Matiu	properNoun	oci	Matiu	properNoun	fra
dadaïsta	adjective	oci	dadaïste	adjective	fra
Dong	properNoun	oci	Dong	properNoun	fra
Feynman	properNoun	oci	Feynman	properNoun	fra
Ribó	properNoun	oci	Ribó	properNoun	fra
ajuda	noun	oci	aide	noun	fra
enganhar	verb	oci	tromper	verb	fra
enganhar	verb	oci	duper	verb	fra
tranquil	adjective	oci	tranquille	adjective	fra
referenciar	verb	oci	référencer	verb	fra
Reñé	properNoun	oci	Reñé	properNoun	fra
Lebreux	properNoun	oci	Lebreux	properNoun	fra
Complaisance	properNoun	oci	Complaisance	properNoun	fra
colic	adjective	oci	colique	adjective	fra
medeish	adverb	oci	même	adverb	fra
Harel	properNoun	oci	Harel	properNoun	fra
Cooper	properNoun	oci	Cooper	properNoun	fra
Schultz	properNoun	oci	Schultz	properNoun	fra
eufonic	adjective	oci	euphonique	adjective	fra
consolacion	noun	oci	consolation	noun	fra
celibatari	noun	oci	célibataire	noun	fra
Isabela	properNoun	oci	Isabela	properNoun	fra
Varela	properNoun	oci	Varela	properNoun	fra
vinha	noun	oci	vigne	noun	fra
emmascament	noun	oci	envoutement	noun	fra
emmascament	noun	oci	envoûtement	noun	fra
Whalen	properNoun	oci	Whalen	properNoun	fra
Wiggins	properNoun	oci	Wiggins	properNoun	fra
Patrice	properNoun	oci	Patrice	properNoun	fra
Casamayor	properNoun	oci	Casamayor	properNoun	fra
a l'exemple de	preposition	oci	à l'instar de	preposition	fra
a l'exemple de	preposition	oci	à l'exemple de	preposition	fra
protocolari	adjective	oci	protocolaire	adjective	fra
Taing	properNoun	oci	Taing	properNoun	fra
Cortés	properNoun	oci	Cortés	properNoun	fra
Léger Atlantic	properNoun	oci	Loire-Atlantique	properNoun	fra
musulman	noun	oci	musulman	noun	fra
deteriorament	noun	oci	dégât	noun	fra
Rebull	properNoun	oci	Rebull	properNoun	fra
Benitez	properNoun	oci	Benitez	properNoun	fra
Gato	properNoun	oci	Gato	properNoun	fra
languidura	noun	oci	nostalgie	noun	fra
euristic	adjective	oci	heuristique	adjective	fra
Sabaté	properNoun	oci	Sabaté	properNoun	fra
futurista	noun	oci	futuriste	noun	fra
atòl	noun	oci	atoll	noun	fra
culminant	adjective	oci	culminant	adjective	fra
taisson	noun	oci	blaireau	noun	fra
Charanta	properNoun	oci	Charente	properNoun	fra
Hodson	properNoun	oci	Hodson	properNoun	fra
Lieberman	properNoun	oci	Lieberman	properNoun	fra
Dagmar	properNoun	oci	Dagmar	properNoun	fra
Estapé	properNoun	oci	Estapé	properNoun	fra
cauçar	verb	oci	chausser	verb	fra
cauçar	verb	oci	botter	verb	fra
apletar	verb	oci	ramasser	verb	fra
apletar	verb	oci	recueillir	verb	fra
tomba	noun	oci	tombe	noun	fra
macroscopic	adjective	oci	macroscopique	adjective	fra
endret	noun	oci	endroit	noun	fra
Tennessee	properNoun	oci	Tennessee	properNoun	fra
Armand	properNoun	oci	Armand	properNoun	fra
Schembari	properNoun	oci	Schembari	properNoun	fra
telepatia	noun	oci	télépathie	noun	fra
Paco	properNoun	oci	Paco	properNoun	fra
O'Neill	properNoun	oci	O'Neill	properNoun	fra
tonelièr	noun	oci	tonnelier	noun	fra
Walton	properNoun	oci	Walton	properNoun	fra
aliment	noun	oci	aliment	noun	fra
Cortez	properNoun	oci	Cortez	properNoun	fra
subre	preposition	oci	sur	preposition	fra
ironicament	adverb	oci	ironiquement	adverb	fra
Caldwell	properNoun	oci	Caldwell	properNoun	fra
còta	noun	oci	cocotte	noun	fra
còta	noun	oci	cote	noun	fra
èst	adjective	oci	est	adjective	fra
Monegue	properNoun	oci	Monaco	properNoun	fra
inondar	verb	oci	inonder	verb	fra
òsmi	noun	oci	osmium	noun	fra
catalan	noun	oci	catalan	noun	fra
iniciar	verb	oci	initier	verb	fra
iniciar	verb	oci	entamer	verb	fra
Carmichael	properNoun	oci	Carmichael	properNoun	fra
jónher	verb	oci	joindre	verb	fra
Mondor	properNoun	oci	Mondor	properNoun	fra
numerizar	verb	oci	numériser	verb	fra
numerizar	verb	oci	digitaliser	verb	fra
Barraco	properNoun	oci	Barraco	properNoun	fra
de longa	adverb	oci	en permanence	adverb	fra
de longa	adverb	oci	continuellement	adverb	fra
de longa	adverb	oci	toujours	adverb	fra
estilizar	verb	oci	styliser	verb	fra
Bernadotte	properNoun	oci	Bernadotte	properNoun	fra
Alamo	properNoun	oci	Alamo	properNoun	fra
australian	adjective	oci	australien	adjective	fra
uechanta tres	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-trois	numeral	fra
Mussorgskii	properNoun	oci	Moussorgski	properNoun	fra
germanista	noun	oci	germaniste	noun	fra
preparatiu	noun	oci	préparatif	noun	fra
Aguero	properNoun	oci	Aguero	properNoun	fra
aumentar	verb	oci	augmenter	verb	fra
Hidalgo	properNoun	oci	Hidalgo	properNoun	fra
evolutiu	adjective	oci	évolutif	adjective	fra
robuste	adjective	oci	robuste	adjective	fra
paleoantropologia	noun	oci	paléoanthropologie	noun	fra
Moràvia	properNoun	oci	Moravie	properNoun	fra
cooperator	adjective	oci	coopérateur	adjective	fra
Iturrioz	properNoun	oci	Iturrioz	properNoun	fra
bruga	noun	oci	bruyère	noun	fra
Bégin	properNoun	oci	Bégin	properNoun	fra
coratge	noun	oci	courage	noun	fra
Fofana	properNoun	oci	Fofana	properNoun	fra
PAC	properNoun	oci	PAC	properNoun	fra
Gregorio	properNoun	oci	Gregorio	properNoun	fra
Évry	properNoun	oci	Évry	properNoun	fra
centralitat	noun	oci	centralité	noun	fra
profanacion	noun	oci	profanation	noun	fra
patogèn	adjective	oci	pathogène	adjective	fra
Amaradio	properNoun	oci	Amaradio	properNoun	fra
propulsor	noun	oci	propulseur	noun	fra
motor	noun	oci	moteur	noun	fra
Monet	properNoun	oci	Monet	properNoun	fra
magnanimament	adverb	oci	magnanimement	adverb	fra
fonhós	adjective	oci	boudeur	adjective	fra
chin	noun	oci	chien	noun	fra
figuracion	noun	oci	figuration	noun	fra
Déziel	properNoun	oci	Déziel	properNoun	fra
videografic	adjective	oci	vidéographique	adjective	fra
Lamadeleine	properNoun	oci	Lamadeleine	properNoun	fra
abilitacion	noun	oci	habilitation	noun	fra
Citibank	properNoun	oci	Citibank	properNoun	fra
Recha	properNoun	oci	Recha	properNoun	fra
Sophie	properNoun	oci	Sophie	properNoun	fra
eclectic	adjective	oci	éclectique	adjective	fra
Aboujaoude	properNoun	oci	Aboujaoude	properNoun	fra
chafre	noun	oci	surnom	noun	fra
Henrique	properNoun	oci	Henrique	properNoun	fra
Rizk	properNoun	oci	Rizk	properNoun	fra
segregacion	noun	oci	ségrégation	noun	fra
a mièjanuèit	adverb	oci	à minuit	adverb	fra
incomplir	verb	oci	manquer à	verb	fra
baranda	noun	oci	rambarde	noun	fra
pòrtaletras	noun	oci	facteur	noun	fra
Álvarez	properNoun	oci	Álvarez	properNoun	fra
Waltzing	properNoun	oci	Waltzing	properNoun	fra
Amavisca	properNoun	oci	Amavisca	properNoun	fra
Bonillo	properNoun	oci	Bonillo	properNoun	fra
Ernestina	properNoun	oci	Ernestina	properNoun	fra
Oton	properNoun	oci	Othon	properNoun	fra
Oton	properNoun	oci	Otton	properNoun	fra
allergia	noun	oci	allergie	noun	fra
forgon	noun	oci	fourgon	noun	fra
Massing	properNoun	oci	Massing	properNoun	fra
Little	properNoun	oci	Little	properNoun	fra
Naut Léger	properNoun	oci	Haute-Loire	properNoun	fra
eissida	noun	oci	issue	noun	fra
ieu	pronoun	oci	moi	pronoun	fra
ieu	pronoun	oci	je	pronoun	fra
assassinat	noun	oci	assassinat	noun	fra
bovin	adjective	oci	bovin	adjective	fra
von Heidenstam	properNoun	oci	von Heidenstam	properNoun	fra
del Pino	properNoun	oci	del Pino	properNoun	fra
Irina	properNoun	oci	Irina	properNoun	fra
Pascala	properNoun	oci	Pascala	properNoun	fra
buòu	noun	oci	bœuf	noun	fra
buòu	noun	oci	taureau	noun	fra
Zurinaga	properNoun	oci	Zurinaga	properNoun	fra
Noferi	properNoun	oci	Noferi	properNoun	fra
von Zwehl	properNoun	oci	von Zwehl	properNoun	fra
cutanèu	adjective	oci	cutané	adjective	fra
crosar	verb	oci	croiser	verb	fra
turbo	noun	oci	turbo	noun	fra
preparatòri	adjective	oci	préparatoire	adjective	fra
Aung	properNoun	oci	Aung	properNoun	fra
Plasencia	properNoun	oci	Plasencia	properNoun	fra
classicista	noun	oci	classiciste	noun	fra
sonorizacion	noun	oci	sonorisation	noun	fra
necropòli	noun	oci	nécropole	noun	fra
BBC	noun	oci	BBC	noun	fra
tocar	noun	oci	toucher	noun	fra
sarda	noun	oci	sardine	noun	fra
mobilitat	noun	oci	mobilité	noun	fra
Villaescusa	properNoun	oci	Villaescusa	properNoun	fra
assemblada	noun	oci	assemblée	noun	fra
persèc	noun	oci	pêche	noun	fra
enclure	verb	oci	inclure	verb	fra
aurelhièr	noun	oci	oreiller	noun	fra
Lefebvre	properNoun	oci	Lefebvre	properNoun	fra
astre	noun	oci	chance	noun	fra
astre	noun	oci	astre	noun	fra
Ribadesella	properNoun	oci	Ribadesella	properNoun	fra
von Herrmann	properNoun	oci	von Herrmann	properNoun	fra
Cosgrove	properNoun	oci	Cosgrove	properNoun	fra
Goñi	properNoun	oci	Goñi	properNoun	fra
extasi	noun	oci	extase	noun	fra
Jara	properNoun	oci	Jara	properNoun	fra
rusquejar	verb	oci	écorcer	verb	fra
ramplir	verb	oci	remplir	verb	fra
orfanin	adjective	oci	orphelin	adjective	fra
Alèp	properNoun	oci	Alep	properNoun	fra
Descôteaux	properNoun	oci	Descôteaux	properNoun	fra
insalubritat	noun	oci	insalubrité	noun	fra
Flaherty	properNoun	oci	Flaherty	properNoun	fra
modèst	adjective	oci	modeste	adjective	fra
von Einem	properNoun	oci	von Einem	properNoun	fra
Jacqueline	properNoun	oci	Jacqueline	properNoun	fra
eiretièr	adjective	oci	héritier	adjective	fra
temps	noun	oci	temps	noun	fra
temps	noun	oci	heure	noun	fra
estala	noun	oci	stalle	noun	fra
Maximiliano	properNoun	oci	Maximiliano	properNoun	fra
illas Marshall	properNoun	oci	îles Marshall	properNoun	fra
Alberi	properNoun	oci	Alberi	properNoun	fra
cristianizacion	noun	oci	christianisation	noun	fra
Brossard	properNoun	oci	Brossard	properNoun	fra
benjamin	noun	oci	benjamin	noun	fra
Philippe	properNoun	oci	Philippe	properNoun	fra
retroactiu	adjective	oci	rétroactif	adjective	fra
Lasry	properNoun	oci	Lasry	properNoun	fra
filiala	noun	oci	filiale	noun	fra
Damian	properNoun	oci	Damian	properNoun	fra
Castilloux	properNoun	oci	Castilloux	properNoun	fra
sincèrament	adverb	oci	sincèrement	adverb	fra
Raspall	properNoun	oci	Raspall	properNoun	fra
Jebari	properNoun	oci	Jebari	properNoun	fra
carta	noun	oci	lettre	noun	fra
carta	noun	oci	charte	noun	fra
carta	noun	oci	carte	noun	fra
angolés	adjective	oci	angolais	adjective	fra
tot comptat e rebatut	adverb	oci	en fin de compte	adverb	fra
fisioterapeuta	noun	oci	physiothérapeute	noun	fra
escur	adjective	oci	obscur	adjective	fra
escur	adjective	oci	abscons	adjective	fra
Tellier	properNoun	oci	Tellier	properNoun	fra
Legaré	properNoun	oci	Legaré	properNoun	fra
poder	verb	oci	pouvoir	verb	fra
luxe	noun	oci	luxe	noun	fra
compausat	adjective	oci	composé	adjective	fra
compilar	verb	oci	compiler	verb	fra
badinar	verb	oci	plaisanter	verb	fra
badinar	verb	oci	rigoler	verb	fra
Krauss	properNoun	oci	Krauss	properNoun	fra
Deslandes	properNoun	oci	Deslandes	properNoun	fra
Raul	properNoun	oci	Raul	properNoun	fra
Arburua	properNoun	oci	Arburua	properNoun	fra
rapiditat	noun	oci	rapidité	noun	fra
lindal	noun	oci	seuil	noun	fra
agraniment	noun	oci	agrandissement	noun	fra
aissada	noun	oci	binette	noun	fra
aissada	noun	oci	houe	noun	fra
Penalva	properNoun	oci	Penalva	properNoun	fra
radiomètre	noun	oci	radiomètre	noun	fra
trantalhar	verb	oci	hésiter	verb	fra
Cabezudo	properNoun	oci	Cabezudo	properNoun	fra
Tobin	properNoun	oci	Tobin	properNoun	fra
Navarra	properNoun	oci	Navarra	properNoun	fra
Navarra	properNoun	oci	Navarre	properNoun	fra
Llorente	properNoun	oci	Llorente	properNoun	fra
Ghattas	properNoun	oci	Ghattas	properNoun	fra
Bostock	properNoun	oci	Bostock	properNoun	fra
mecanic	adjective	oci	mécanique	adjective	fra
supersticion	noun	oci	superstition	noun	fra
Mikeo	properNoun	oci	Mikeo	properNoun	fra
IEA	noun	oci	IEA	noun	fra
escambi	noun	oci	échange	noun	fra
espartenc	noun	oci	Spartiate	noun	fra
Donat	properNoun	oci	Donat	properNoun	fra
Goyette	properNoun	oci	Goyette	properNoun	fra
paurament	adverb	oci	pauvrement	adverb	fra
matèria	noun	oci	matière	noun	fra
submersible	adjective	oci	submersible	adjective	fra
fèrma	noun	oci	ferme	noun	fra
Salvat	properNoun	oci	Salvat	properNoun	fra
Lagacé	properNoun	oci	Lagacé	properNoun	fra
diferenciar	verb	oci	différencier	verb	fra
Loyer	properNoun	oci	Loyer	properNoun	fra
Laforce	properNoun	oci	Laforce	properNoun	fra
l'an venent	adverb	oci	l'année prochaine	adverb	fra
conilh	noun	oci	lapin	noun	fra
Chen	properNoun	oci	Chen	properNoun	fra
cosmetic	adjective	oci	cosmétique	adjective	fra
Ripa	properNoun	oci	Ripa	properNoun	fra
Fabien	properNoun	oci	Fabien	properNoun	fra
petroquimic	adjective	oci	pétrochimique	adjective	fra
Dormoy	properNoun	oci	Dormoy	properNoun	fra
dosatge	noun	oci	dosage	noun	fra
Hughboy	properNoun	oci	Hughboy	properNoun	fra
Roa	properNoun	oci	Roa	properNoun	fra
Raja	properNoun	oci	Raja	properNoun	fra
francofil	adjective	oci	francophile	adjective	fra
Sèrgi	properNoun	oci	Serge	properNoun	fra
Sèrgi	properNoun	oci	Sèrgi	properNoun	fra
del temps que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	pendant que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
legiferar	verb	oci	légiférer	verb	fra
mairegrand	noun	oci	grand-mère	noun	fra
Monette	properNoun	oci	Monette	properNoun	fra
modèrne	adjective	oci	moderne	adjective	fra
antioxidant	adjective	oci	antioxydant	adjective	fra
Watkins	properNoun	oci	Watkins	properNoun	fra
comercializar	verb	oci	commercialiser	verb	fra
Queiroz	properNoun	oci	Queiroz	properNoun	fra
Armentano	properNoun	oci	Armentano	properNoun	fra
pleuriti	noun	oci	pleurésie	noun	fra
Cotnoir	properNoun	oci	Cotnoir	properNoun	fra
Chenail	properNoun	oci	Chenail	properNoun	fra
Carneros	properNoun	oci	Carneros	properNoun	fra
curd	noun	oci	kurde	noun	fra
talent	noun	oci	désir	noun	fra
talent	noun	oci	faim	noun	fra
talent	noun	oci	talent	noun	fra
Brugaletta	properNoun	oci	Brugaletta	properNoun	fra
paliuar	verb	oci	prouver	verb	fra
paliuar	verb	oci	essayer	verb	fra
Ludwig	properNoun	oci	Ludwig	properNoun	fra
psicopata	noun	oci	psychopathe	noun	fra
carrossèu	noun	oci	carrousel	noun	fra
Horvath	properNoun	oci	Horvath	properNoun	fra
Dalphond	properNoun	oci	Dalphond	properNoun	fra
Ramo	properNoun	oci	Ramo	properNoun	fra
Kenya	properNoun	oci	Kenya	properNoun	fra
consolar	verb	oci	consoler	verb	fra
secularizacion	noun	oci	sécularisation	noun	fra
Bono	properNoun	oci	Bono	properNoun	fra
quinzea	noun	oci	quinzaine	noun	fra
Jacquot	properNoun	oci	Jacquot	properNoun	fra
Sanjurjo	properNoun	oci	Sanjurjo	properNoun	fra
Joumblatt	properNoun	oci	Joumblatt	properNoun	fra
Gala	properNoun	oci	Gala	properNoun	fra
òc	adverb	oci	oui	adverb	fra
òc	adverb	oci	si	adverb	fra
Faucher	properNoun	oci	Faucher	properNoun	fra
transformador	adjective	oci	transformateur	adjective	fra
Barnett	properNoun	oci	Barnett	properNoun	fra
Rossini	properNoun	oci	Rossini	properNoun	fra
pauc a pauc	adverb	oci	peu à peu	adverb	fra
ròca	noun	oci	roc	noun	fra
ròca	noun	oci	roche	noun	fra
ròca	noun	oci	rocher	noun	fra
allergologia	noun	oci	allergologie	noun	fra
quartièr	noun	oci	quartier	noun	fra
australian	noun	oci	Australien	noun	fra
inactiu	adjective	oci	inactif	adjective	fra
Mendonca	properNoun	oci	Mendonca	properNoun	fra
calhau	noun	oci	caillou	noun	fra
Saguer	properNoun	oci	Saguer	properNoun	fra
tèxte	noun	oci	texte	noun	fra
banc	noun	oci	banc	noun	fra
banc	noun	oci	siège	noun	fra
païsatgista	noun	oci	paysagiste	noun	fra
romanin	noun	oci	romarin	noun	fra
separat	adjective	oci	séparé	adjective	fra
glotologia	noun	oci	glottologie	noun	fra
dilatar	verb	oci	dilater	verb	fra
Tortorici	properNoun	oci	Tortorici	properNoun	fra
Delhi	properNoun	oci	Delhi	properNoun	fra
Sakr	properNoun	oci	Sakr	properNoun	fra
agrum	noun	oci	agrume	noun	fra
idrosfèra	noun	oci	hydrosphère	noun	fra
fil	noun	oci	fil	noun	fra
Plymouth	properNoun	oci	Plymouth	properNoun	fra
Nòstre Sénher	noun	oci	Notre Seigneur	noun	fra
Zhu	properNoun	oci	Zhu	properNoun	fra
encantador	adjective	oci	charmant	adjective	fra
Joffrin	properNoun	oci	Joffrin	properNoun	fra
moralista	noun	oci	moraliste	noun	fra
adesiu	adjective	oci	adhésif	adjective	fra
espelir	verb	oci	éclore	verb	fra
Rúbies	properNoun	oci	Rúbies	properNoun	fra
Salse	properNoun	oci	Salse	properNoun	fra
arrecomanar	verb	oci	prôner	verb	fra
arrecomanar	verb	oci	recommander	verb	fra
Solow	properNoun	oci	Solow	properNoun	fra
Mandelson	properNoun	oci	Mandelson	properNoun	fra
Cayetano	properNoun	oci	Cayetano	properNoun	fra
Hamer	properNoun	oci	Hamer	properNoun	fra
sintagmatic	adjective	oci	syntagmatique	adjective	fra
PlayStation portabla	properNoun	oci	PlayStation Portable	properNoun	fra
temporalament	adverb	oci	temporellement	adverb	fra
Fontova	properNoun	oci	Fontova	properNoun	fra
Rème	properNoun	oci	Rémus	properNoun	fra
Torrez	properNoun	oci	Torrez	properNoun	fra
massatge	noun	oci	massage	noun	fra
estela	noun	oci	star	noun	fra
estela	noun	oci	vedette	noun	fra
estela	noun	oci	étoile	noun	fra
circonscripcion	noun	oci	circonscription	noun	fra
desolacion	noun	oci	désolation	noun	fra
Wallis	properNoun	oci	Wallis	properNoun	fra
Còsta d'Aur	properNoun	oci	Côte-d'Or	properNoun	fra
perspectiua	noun	oci	perspective	noun	fra
Alta	properNoun	oci	Alta	properNoun	fra
extrèmament	adverb	oci	extrêmement	adverb	fra
35n	adjective	oci	35ème	adjective	fra
ample	adjective	oci	ample	adjective	fra
Kahe	properNoun	oci	Kahe	properNoun	fra
recaptat	adjective	oci	rangé	adjective	fra
infalhible	adjective	oci	infaillible	adjective	fra
nas e nas	adverb	oci	nez à nez	adverb	fra
maquinacion	noun	oci	machination	noun	fra
divorciar	verb	oci	divorcer	verb	fra
Laverrière	properNoun	oci	Laverrière	properNoun	fra
hèt	noun	oci	fait	noun	fra
Sherman	properNoun	oci	Sherman	properNoun	fra
implantacion	noun	oci	implantation	noun	fra
Cuvier	properNoun	oci	Cuvier	properNoun	fra
Tortosa	properNoun	oci	Tortosa	properNoun	fra
allucinogèn	noun	oci	hallucinogène	noun	fra
dralhar	verb	oci	fouler	verb	fra
caçar	verb	oci	chasser	verb	fra
vuechanta tres	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-trois	numeral	fra
Kudluk	properNoun	oci	Kudluk	properNoun	fra
de son sicap	adverb	oci	de son propre chef	adverb	fra
canerar	verb	oci	feuiller	verb	fra
grana	noun	oci	baie	noun	fra
grana	noun	oci	graine	noun	fra
Orsini	properNoun	oci	Orsini	properNoun	fra
Luzón	properNoun	oci	Luzón	properNoun	fra
Brooks	properNoun	oci	Brooks	properNoun	fra
Richart	properNoun	oci	Richart	properNoun	fra
constructor	noun	oci	constructeur	noun	fra
rosari	noun	oci	rosaire	noun	fra
fad	adjective	oci	mièvre	adjective	fra
Morón	properNoun	oci	Morón	properNoun	fra
tot	pronoun	oci	tout	pronoun	fra
desparicion	noun	oci	disparition	noun	fra
Écija	properNoun	oci	Écija	properNoun	fra
Godó	properNoun	oci	Godó	properNoun	fra
Aspiri	properNoun	oci	Aspiri	properNoun	fra
forçat	adjective	oci	forcé	adjective	fra
tobogan	noun	oci	toboggan	noun	fra
Almenara	properNoun	oci	Almenara	properNoun	fra
genetician	adjective	oci	généticien	adjective	fra
Aurora	properNoun	oci	Aurora	properNoun	fra
Franck	properNoun	oci	Franck	properNoun	fra
borir	verb	oci	bouillir	verb	fra
entorn	noun	oci	environnement	noun	fra
entorn	noun	oci	entourage	noun	fra
Dorca	properNoun	oci	Dorca	properNoun	fra
Lenarčič	properNoun	oci	Lenarčič	properNoun	fra
admirar	verb	oci	admirer	verb	fra
Plouffe	properNoun	oci	Plouffe	properNoun	fra
Loureiro	properNoun	oci	Loureiro	properNoun	fra
calici	noun	oci	calice	noun	fra
53n	adjective	oci	53ème	adjective	fra
relegar	verb	oci	reléguer	verb	fra
Chung	properNoun	oci	Chung	properNoun	fra
Yockell	properNoun	oci	Yockell	properNoun	fra
equinodèrm	noun	oci	échinoderme	noun	fra
desorganizacion	noun	oci	désorganisation	noun	fra
sud-èst	noun	oci	sud-est	noun	fra
Olarte	properNoun	oci	Olarte	properNoun	fra
Gabriel	properNoun	oci	Gabriel	properNoun	fra
Gabriel	properNoun	oci	Gabrièl	properNoun	fra
Wills	properNoun	oci	Wills	properNoun	fra
de vosautres	adjective	oci	à vous	adjective	fra
de vosautres	adjective	oci	à vous	possessivePronoun	fra
de vosautres	possessivePronoun	oci	à vous	adjective	fra
de vosautres	possessivePronoun	oci	à vous	possessivePronoun	fra
atal	adverb	oci	ainsi	adverb	fra
raubament	noun	oci	enlèvement	noun	fra
bloquejar	verb	oci	bloquer	verb	fra
armadura	noun	oci	armure	noun	fra
Isabelle	properNoun	oci	Isabelle	properNoun	fra
loira	noun	oci	loutre	noun	fra
Rejón	properNoun	oci	Rejón	properNoun	fra
Kérouack	properNoun	oci	Kérouack	properNoun	fra
eligibilitat	noun	oci	éligibilité	noun	fra
grilh	noun	oci	grillon	noun	fra
Cuerva	properNoun	oci	Cuerva	properNoun	fra
fixacion	noun	oci	fixation	noun	fra
Blunda	properNoun	oci	Blunda	properNoun	fra
sarrasin	adjective	oci	sarrasin	adjective	fra
galinièr	noun	oci	volailler	noun	fra
galinièr	noun	oci	poulailler	noun	fra
Platon	properNoun	oci	Platon	properNoun	fra
descendre	verb	oci	descendre	verb	fra
filha	noun	oci	fille	noun	fra
Trapper	properNoun	oci	Trapper	properNoun	fra
asimetric	adjective	oci	asymétrique	adjective	fra
Lagos	properNoun	oci	Lagos	properNoun	fra
transaccion	noun	oci	transaction	noun	fra
fisable	adjective	oci	fiable	adjective	fra
Aguilera	properNoun	oci	Aguilera	properNoun	fra
pelagianisme	noun	oci	pélagianisme	noun	fra
Ennius	properNoun	oci	Ennius	properNoun	fra
Lescault	properNoun	oci	Lescault	properNoun	fra
secretisme	noun	oci	sécrétisme	noun	fra
iperbolic	adjective	oci	hyperbolique	adjective	fra
agonista	adjective	oci	agoniste	adjective	fra
pastural	noun	oci	pâturage	noun	fra
sinonime	adjective	oci	synonyme	adjective	fra
afermiment	noun	oci	affermissement	noun	fra
exposicion	noun	oci	exposition	noun	fra
vimièra	noun	oci	oseraie	noun	fra
vesprada	noun	oci	soirée	noun	fra
Robles	properNoun	oci	Robles	properNoun	fra
acceptacion	noun	oci	acceptation	noun	fra
Rosaire	properNoun	oci	Rosaire	properNoun	fra
mesplièr	noun	oci	néflier	noun	fra
Emmy	properNoun	oci	Emmy	properNoun	fra
caça	noun	oci	chasse	noun	fra
propulsion	noun	oci	propulsion	noun	fra
melodic	adjective	oci	mélodique	adjective	fra
German	properNoun	oci	Germain	properNoun	fra
German	properNoun	oci	German	properNoun	fra
Daufinat	properNoun	oci	Dauphiné	properNoun	fra
videoclip	noun	oci	vidéoclip	noun	fra
fugaç	adjective	oci	fugace	adjective	fra
administrator	noun	oci	administrateur	noun	fra
cameronés	adjective	oci	camerounais	adjective	fra
Cambrian	noun	oci	cambrien	noun	fra
Barakat	properNoun	oci	Barakat	properNoun	fra
avelana	noun	oci	noisette	noun	fra
Fourier	properNoun	oci	Fourier	properNoun	fra
Peacock	properNoun	oci	Peacock	properNoun	fra
dobèrt	adjective	oci	ouvert	adjective	fra
usatgèr	noun	oci	usager	noun	fra
Orrit	properNoun	oci	Orrit	properNoun	fra
benefic	adjective	oci	bénéfique	adjective	fra
Hong	properNoun	oci	Hong	properNoun	fra
Goienetxea	properNoun	oci	Goienetxea	properNoun	fra
ignorància	noun	oci	ignorance	noun	fra
insolubilitat	noun	oci	insolubilité	noun	fra
mobilizar	verb	oci	mobiliser	verb	fra
sud-corean	adjective	oci	sud-coréen	adjective	fra
Cremlin	properNoun	oci	Kremlin	properNoun	fra
Martorana	properNoun	oci	Martorana	properNoun	fra
destructivitat	noun	oci	destructivité	noun	fra
isteric	adjective	oci	hystérique	adjective	fra
cargament	noun	oci	charge	noun	fra
cargament	noun	oci	chargement	noun	fra
irrompre	verb	oci	faire irruption	verb	fra
Chantigny	properNoun	oci	Chantigny	properNoun	fra
diferéncia	noun	oci	différence	noun	fra
recession	noun	oci	récession	noun	fra
universitat	noun	oci	université	noun	fra
partida	noun	oci	partie	noun	fra
remunerat	adjective	oci	rémunéré	adjective	fra
mètge	noun	oci	médecin	noun	fra
Siddeley	properNoun	oci	Siddeley	properNoun	fra
abans	adverb	oci	avant	adverb	fra
grope	noun	oci	groupe	noun	fra
final	noun	oci	final	noun	fra
Pardillos	properNoun	oci	Pardillos	properNoun	fra
aproximativament	adverb	oci	approximativement	adverb	fra
Dumont	properNoun	oci	Dumont	properNoun	fra
lisada	noun	oci	glissade	noun	fra
Millaire	properNoun	oci	Millaire	properNoun	fra
destibar	verb	oci	relâcher	verb	fra
Tassé	properNoun	oci	Tassé	properNoun	fra
cimbola	noun	oci	clochette	noun	fra
Arbeloa	properNoun	oci	Arbeloa	properNoun	fra
Nicolau	properNoun	oci	Nicolau	properNoun	fra
Nicolau	properNoun	oci	Nicolas	properNoun	fra
abondant	adjective	oci	abondant	adjective	fra
sens relambi	adverb	oci	sans relâche	adverb	fra
sens relambi	adverb	oci	sans répit	adverb	fra
Dussault	properNoun	oci	Dussault	properNoun	fra
chifra	noun	oci	chiffre	noun	fra
Avendaño	properNoun	oci	Avendaño	properNoun	fra
Piñol	properNoun	oci	Piñol	properNoun	fra
quitran	noun	oci	goudron	noun	fra
Rabell	properNoun	oci	Rabell	properNoun	fra
castelhan	adjective	oci	castillan	adjective	fra
Mínguez	properNoun	oci	Mínguez	properNoun	fra
Vilaplana	properNoun	oci	Vilaplana	properNoun	fra
Bernunzo	properNoun	oci	Bernunzo	properNoun	fra
Amor Pérez	properNoun	oci	Amor Pérez	properNoun	fra
Fouché	properNoun	oci	Fouché	properNoun	fra
melodia	noun	oci	mélodie	noun	fra
colònia	noun	oci	colonie	noun	fra
Inter	properNoun	oci	Inter	properNoun	fra
electroforèsi	noun	oci	électrophorèse	noun	fra
inibitor	adjective	oci	inhibiteur	adjective	fra
Sagués	properNoun	oci	Sagués	properNoun	fra
Jornet	properNoun	oci	Jornet	properNoun	fra
Urbano	properNoun	oci	Urbano	properNoun	fra
Weinberger	properNoun	oci	Weinberger	properNoun	fra
arturar	verb	oci	arrêter	verb	fra
claror	noun	oci	clarté	noun	fra
Henriques	properNoun	oci	Henriques	properNoun	fra
Saidi	properNoun	oci	Saidi	properNoun	fra
questionari	noun	oci	questionnaire	noun	fra
rejónher	verb	oci	rejoindre	verb	fra
rejónher	verb	oci	accoler	verb	fra
Humphreys	properNoun	oci	Humphreys	properNoun	fra
esvrentar	verb	oci	éclater	verb	fra
Galcera	properNoun	oci	Galcera	properNoun	fra
Brideau	properNoun	oci	Brideau	properNoun	fra
desencadenar	verb	oci	déchaîner	verb	fra
Colby	properNoun	oci	Colby	properNoun	fra
Zermelo	properNoun	oci	Zermelo	properNoun	fra
Relats	properNoun	oci	Relats	properNoun	fra
rocàs	noun	oci	rocher	noun	fra
Toscano	properNoun	oci	Toscano	properNoun	fra
Baño	properNoun	oci	Baño	properNoun	fra
Morasse	properNoun	oci	Morasse	properNoun	fra
Rafols	properNoun	oci	Rafols	properNoun	fra
Kaya	properNoun	oci	Kaya	properNoun	fra
Roma	properNoun	oci	Roma	properNoun	fra
Roma	properNoun	oci	Rome	properNoun	fra
pintura	noun	oci	peinture	noun	fra
fumar	verb	oci	fumer	verb	fra
Godmer	properNoun	oci	Godmer	properNoun	fra
Millán	properNoun	oci	Millán	properNoun	fra
rodar	verb	oci	roder	verb	fra
rodar	verb	oci	rouler	verb	fra
rodar	verb	oci	tourner	verb	fra
rodar	verb	oci	bouler	verb	fra
Légère	properNoun	oci	Légère	properNoun	fra
astringent	adjective	oci	astringent	adjective	fra
espatarnada	noun	oci	chute	noun	fra
Calvillo	properNoun	oci	Calvillo	properNoun	fra
farsejaire	noun	oci	farceur	noun	fra
Bassa	properNoun	oci	Bassa	properNoun	fra
jornalièr	noun	oci	quotidien	noun	fra
jornalièr	noun	oci	journalier	noun	fra
idiolècte	noun	oci	idiolecte	noun	fra
Chavero	properNoun	oci	Chavero	properNoun	fra
tabat	noun	oci	tabac	noun	fra
ontogenèsi	noun	oci	ontogenèse	noun	fra
especulatiu	adjective	oci	spéculatif	adjective	fra
acarian	noun	oci	acarien	noun	fra
monument	noun	oci	monument	noun	fra
Gilbert	properNoun	oci	Gilbert	properNoun	fra
Buera	properNoun	oci	Buera	properNoun	fra
caladat	adjective	oci	pavé	adjective	fra
petroleta	noun	oci	mobylette	noun	fra
Carné	properNoun	oci	Carné	properNoun	fra
Attias	properNoun	oci	Attias	properNoun	fra
Pifarré	properNoun	oci	Pifarré	properNoun	fra
EFE	properNoun	oci	EFE	properNoun	fra
espet	noun	oci	pétard	noun	fra
vulgaritat	noun	oci	vulgarité	noun	fra
Manjón	properNoun	oci	Manjón	properNoun	fra
Savoldelli	properNoun	oci	Savoldelli	properNoun	fra
volentat	noun	oci	volonté	noun	fra
bancari	adjective	oci	bancaire	adjective	fra
navegant	adjective	oci	navigant	adjective	fra
raubaire	noun	oci	voleur	noun	fra
Purcell	properNoun	oci	Purcell	properNoun	fra
Jurado	properNoun	oci	Jurado	properNoun	fra
Sentís	properNoun	oci	Sentís	properNoun	fra
trabalhar	verb	oci	travailler	verb	fra
trabalhar	verb	oci	bosser	verb	fra
urosament	adverb	oci	heureusement	adverb	fra
deure	noun	oci	devoir	noun	fra
Massimo	properNoun	oci	Massimo	properNoun	fra
Ardoz	properNoun	oci	Ardoz	properNoun	fra
Pericas	properNoun	oci	Pericas	properNoun	fra
enòrmament	adverb	oci	énormément	adverb	fra
Gabriela	properNoun	oci	Gabriela	properNoun	fra
avalorar	verb	oci	supputer	verb	fra
avalorar	verb	oci	estimer	verb	fra
avalorar	verb	oci	évaluer	verb	fra
Robben	properNoun	oci	Robben	properNoun	fra
Barlow	properNoun	oci	Barlow	properNoun	fra
Gervilla	properNoun	oci	Gervilla	properNoun	fra
isolant	noun	oci	isolant	noun	fra
America del Sud	properNoun	oci	Amérique du Sud	properNoun	fra
Fabrés	properNoun	oci	Fabrés	properNoun	fra
Spencer	properNoun	oci	Spencer	properNoun	fra
dama	noun	oci	dame	noun	fra
Altamirano	properNoun	oci	Altamirano	properNoun	fra
clarament	adverb	oci	clairement	adverb	fra
Bernet	properNoun	oci	Bernet	properNoun	fra
consagrar	verb	oci	consacrer	verb	fra
Lemonde	properNoun	oci	Lemonde	properNoun	fra
dessenhaire	noun	oci	dessinateur	noun	fra
turc	noun	oci	turc	noun	fra
en un virat de man	adverb	oci	en un tour de main	adverb	fra
romèc	noun	oci	ronce	noun	fra
cibernetica	noun	oci	cybernétique	noun	fra
ambaissador	noun	oci	ambassadeur	noun	fra
Karpov	properNoun	oci	Karpov	properNoun	fra
Taillon	properNoun	oci	Taillon	properNoun	fra
desconegut	noun	oci	inconnu	noun	fra
Flower	properNoun	oci	Flower	properNoun	fra
urbanitat	noun	oci	pénalité	noun	fra
carmelita	noun	oci	carmélite	noun	fra
Versace	properNoun	oci	Versace	properNoun	fra
Yubero	properNoun	oci	Yubero	properNoun	fra
Pigem	properNoun	oci	Pigem	properNoun	fra
Colau	properNoun	oci	Colau	properNoun	fra
amortir	verb	oci	amortir	verb	fra
Sauvage	properNoun	oci	Sauvage	properNoun	fra
lepada	noun	oci	lippée	noun	fra
Jean-Paul	properNoun	oci	Jean-Paul	properNoun	fra
sauvatge	adjective	oci	sauvage	adjective	fra
Lluís	properNoun	oci	Lluís	properNoun	fra
teuladòta	noun	oci	auvent	noun	fra
Molaison	properNoun	oci	Molaison	properNoun	fra
pèira levada	noun	oci	menhir	noun	fra
geriatric	adjective	oci	gériatrique	adjective	fra
Guilbault	properNoun	oci	Guilbault	properNoun	fra
Desautels	properNoun	oci	Desautels	properNoun	fra
McCoy	properNoun	oci	McCoy	properNoun	fra
potable	adjective	oci	potable	adjective	fra
rogenc	adjective	oci	rougeâtre	adjective	fra
Croxen	properNoun	oci	Croxen	properNoun	fra
penetrar	verb	oci	pénétrer	verb	fra
fen	noun	oci	foin	noun	fra
fins	preposition	oci	jusque	preposition	fra
adaptador	noun	oci	adaptateur	noun	fra
Sanfaçon	properNoun	oci	Sanfaçon	properNoun	fra
inclinacion	noun	oci	inclination	noun	fra
inclinacion	noun	oci	penchant	noun	fra
educator	noun	oci	éducateur	noun	fra
compression	noun	oci	compression	noun	fra
tavan	noun	oci	taon	noun	fra
husteria	noun	oci	menuiserie	noun	fra
von Fellenberg	properNoun	oci	von Fellenberg	properNoun	fra
trevar	verb	oci	hanter	verb	fra
Altadill	properNoun	oci	Altadill	properNoun	fra
grasilha	noun	oci	grille	noun	fra
pelissa	noun	oci	fourrure	noun	fra
ficar	verb	oci	ficher	verb	fra
Rufian	properNoun	oci	Rufian	properNoun	fra
seïsme	noun	oci	séisme	noun	fra
Eslovaquia	properNoun	oci	Slovaquie	properNoun	fra
Llimona	properNoun	oci	Llimona	properNoun	fra
autan	noun	oci	autan	noun	fra
bastir	verb	oci	construire	verb	fra
bastir	verb	oci	bâtir	verb	fra
Lila	properNoun	oci	Lita	properNoun	fra
Lila	properNoun	oci	Lila	properNoun	fra
Fondevila	properNoun	oci	Fondevila	properNoun	fra
litologia	noun	oci	lithologie	noun	fra
Nolla	properNoun	oci	Nolla	properNoun	fra
von Wright	properNoun	oci	von Wright	properNoun	fra
inventor	adjective	oci	inventeur	adjective	fra
sosterranh	noun	oci	souterrain	noun	fra
duc	noun	oci	duc	noun	fra
centrafrican	adjective	oci	centrafricain	adjective	fra
Jaurès	properNoun	oci	Jaurès	properNoun	fra
Cleese	properNoun	oci	Cleese	properNoun	fra
rai	noun	oci	rayon	noun	fra
rai	noun	oci	rai	noun	fra
vulnerabilizar	verb	oci	vulnérabiliser	verb	fra
Nor	properNoun	oci	Nor	properNoun	fra
Pollock	properNoun	oci	Pollock	properNoun	fra
apatic	adjective	oci	apathique	adjective	fra
deteriorar	verb	oci	détériorer	verb	fra
retrospectiu	adjective	oci	rétrospectif	adjective	fra
estigmatisme	noun	oci	stigmatisme	noun	fra
professionalitat	noun	oci	professionnalité	noun	fra
miserabilitat	noun	oci	misérabilité	noun	fra
nuclear	adjective	oci	nucléaire	adjective	fra
Dzierżyński	properNoun	oci	Dzerjinski	properNoun	fra
popularizar	verb	oci	populariser	verb	fra
perlongar	verb	oci	prolonger	verb	fra
Marfá	properNoun	oci	Marfá	properNoun	fra
abiotic	adjective	oci	abiotique	adjective	fra
increment	noun	oci	augmentation	noun	fra
increment	noun	oci	accroissement	noun	fra
censat	adjective	oci	censé	adjective	fra
Cutillas	properNoun	oci	Cutillas	properNoun	fra
Urbina	properNoun	oci	Urbina	properNoun	fra
guèto	noun	oci	ghetto	noun	fra
BM	noun	oci	BM	noun	fra
Carter	properNoun	oci	Carter	properNoun	fra
administrar	verb	oci	administrer	verb	fra
insult	noun	oci	insulte	noun	fra
frase	noun	oci	phrase	noun	fra
Delgadillo	properNoun	oci	Delgadillo	properNoun	fra
prostituïda	noun	oci	prostituée	noun	fra
Kuala Lumpur	properNoun	oci	Kuala Lumpur	properNoun	fra
sistematica	noun	oci	systématique	noun	fra
volontarista	adjective	oci	volontariste	adjective	fra
Kristina	properNoun	oci	Kristina	properNoun	fra
téisser	verb	oci	tisser	verb	fra
eurò	noun	oci	euro	noun	fra
martiniqués	noun	oci	Martiniquais	noun	fra
Larrivée	properNoun	oci	Larrivée	properNoun	fra
39n	adjective	oci	39ème	adjective	fra
Rojas	properNoun	oci	Rojas	properNoun	fra
pitre	noun	oci	poitrine	noun	fra
faciada	noun	oci	façade	noun	fra
aumenatge	noun	oci	hommage	noun	fra
Mirko	properNoun	oci	Mirko	properNoun	fra
Chandonnet	properNoun	oci	Chandonnet	properNoun	fra
obelisc	noun	oci	obélisque	noun	fra
delicte	noun	oci	délit	noun	fra
nominar	verb	oci	nominer	verb	fra
futurista	adjective	oci	futuriste	adjective	fra
boclar	verb	oci	boucler	verb	fra
Vílchez	properNoun	oci	Vílchez	properNoun	fra
Sanderson	properNoun	oci	Sanderson	properNoun	fra
Alien	properNoun	oci	Alien	properNoun	fra
isolacionista	noun	oci	isolationniste	noun	fra
Saludes	properNoun	oci	Saludes	properNoun	fra
bas	adverb	oci	bas	adverb	fra
perceptible	adjective	oci	perceptible	adjective	fra
espoliar	verb	oci	spolier	verb	fra
imprevist	noun	oci	imprévu	noun	fra
Laporta	properNoun	oci	Laporta	properNoun	fra
caisseta	noun	oci	cassette	noun	fra
Capp	properNoun	oci	Capp	properNoun	fra
dubitatiu	adjective	oci	dubitatif	adjective	fra
qualque còp	adverb	oci	quelquefois	adverb	fra
idealista	adjective	oci	idéaliste	adjective	fra
Perveen	properNoun	oci	Perveen	properNoun	fra
descalcificar	verb	oci	décalcifier	verb	fra
Peirano	properNoun	oci	Peirano	properNoun	fra
Aster	properNoun	oci	Aster	properNoun	fra
permanent	adjective	oci	permanent	adjective	fra
Mandalà	properNoun	oci	Mandalà	properNoun	fra
signatari	adjective	oci	signataire	adjective	fra
viduitat	noun	oci	viduité	noun	fra
Morel	properNoun	oci	Morel	properNoun	fra
Lussu	properNoun	oci	Lussu	properNoun	fra
Parisi	properNoun	oci	Parisi	properNoun	fra
arca	noun	oci	arche	noun	fra
Santín	properNoun	oci	Santín	properNoun	fra
desmontar	verb	oci	démonter	verb	fra
Gallemi	properNoun	oci	Gallemi	properNoun	fra
long	adjective	oci	long	adjective	fra
Raikkonen	properNoun	oci	Raikkonen	properNoun	fra
Lynn	properNoun	oci	Lynn	properNoun	fra
corba	noun	oci	courbe	noun	fra
règla	noun	oci	règle	noun	fra
18n	adjective	oci	18ème	adjective	fra
assirian	adjective	oci	assyrien	adjective	fra
Rabin	properNoun	oci	Rabin	properNoun	fra
indigèn	noun	oci	indigène	noun	fra
flocar	verb	oci	caser	verb	fra
flocar	verb	oci	placer	verb	fra
quimista	noun	oci	chimiste	noun	fra
Íngrid	properNoun	oci	Íngrid	properNoun	fra
veitureta	noun	oci	landau	noun	fra
supersonic	adjective	oci	supersonique	adjective	fra
entièr	adjective	oci	entier	adjective	fra
originalitat	noun	oci	originalité	noun	fra
Josa	properNoun	oci	Josa	properNoun	fra
somesa	noun	oci	mamelle	noun	fra
cinquantau	noun	oci	cinquantième	noun	fra
denominacion	noun	oci	dénomination	noun	fra
Montserrat	properNoun	oci	Montserrat	properNoun	fra
Cuéllar	properNoun	oci	Cuéllar	properNoun	fra
constriccion	noun	oci	constriction	noun	fra
florin	noun	oci	florin	noun	fra
tocant a	preposition	oci	concernant	preposition	fra
subretot	adverb	oci	surtout	adverb	fra
subretot	adverb	oci	notamment	adverb	fra
teissut	noun	oci	tissu	noun	fra
malaut	adjective	oci	malade	adjective	fra
Garon	properNoun	oci	Garon	properNoun	fra
estenuda	noun	oci	étendue	noun	fra
Caballol	properNoun	oci	Caballol	properNoun	fra
baia	noun	oci	baie	noun	fra
nonanta quatre	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-quatorze	numeral	fra
estabilizador	adjective	oci	stabilisateur	adjective	fra
apraiar	verb	oci	réparer	verb	fra
Floriana	properNoun	oci	Floriana	properNoun	fra
Maroto	properNoun	oci	Maroto	properNoun	fra
Villalón	properNoun	oci	Villalón	properNoun	fra
immediatament	adverb	oci	illico	adverb	fra
immediatament	adverb	oci	immédiatement	adverb	fra
amassa	adverb	oci	ensemble	adverb	fra
amassa	adverb	oci	de concert	adverb	fra
versar	verb	oci	dumper	verb	fra
versar	verb	oci	verser	verb	fra
quaranta un	numeral	oci	quarante-et-un	numeral	fra
quaranta un	numeral	oci	quarante et un	numeral	fra
enregistrament	noun	oci	enregistrement	noun	fra
rector	noun	oci	recteur	noun	fra
Massip	properNoun	oci	Massip	properNoun	fra
RTL	noun	oci	RTL	noun	fra
Jenifer	properNoun	oci	Jenifer	properNoun	fra
assegurable	adjective	oci	assegurable	adjective	fra
Planes	properNoun	oci	Planes	properNoun	fra
Badger	properNoun	oci	Badger	properNoun	fra
lombric	noun	oci	lombric	noun	fra
zolo	adjective	oci	zoulou	adjective	fra
pagaia	noun	oci	pagaie	noun	fra
laringologia	noun	oci	laryngologie	noun	fra
sobeiran	adjective	oci	souverain	adjective	fra
Pessoa	properNoun	oci	Pessoa	properNoun	fra
expausat	noun	oci	exposé	noun	fra
sensibilisacion	noun	oci	sensibilisation	noun	fra
surrealisme	noun	oci	surréalisme	noun	fra
astenosfèra	noun	oci	asthénosphère	noun	fra
abdomèn	noun	oci	abdomen	noun	fra
luòctenent	noun	oci	lieutenant	noun	fra
propulsar	verb	oci	propulser	verb	fra
hèsta	noun	oci	fête	noun	fra
Ibaeta	properNoun	oci	Ibaeta	properNoun	fra
mercés	interjection	oci	merci	interjection	fra
People	properNoun	oci	People	properNoun	fra
Hans	properNoun	oci	Hans	properNoun	fra
Fluet	properNoun	oci	Fluet	properNoun	fra
St-James	properNoun	oci	St-James	properNoun	fra
Rina	properNoun	oci	Rina	properNoun	fra
Beaudoin	properNoun	oci	Beaudoin	properNoun	fra
Aran	properNoun	oci	Aran	properNoun	fra
Raich	properNoun	oci	Raich	properNoun	fra
cerveseria	noun	oci	brasserie	noun	fra
Cuevas	properNoun	oci	Cuevas	properNoun	fra
pausar	verb	oci	reposer	verb	fra
pausar	verb	oci	brancher	verb	fra
pausar	verb	oci	mettre	verb	fra
pausar	verb	oci	poser	verb	fra
ostilitat	noun	oci	hostilité	noun	fra
sulfurós	adjective	oci	sulfureux	adjective	fra
Falgás	properNoun	oci	Falgás	properNoun	fra
Suros	properNoun	oci	Suros	properNoun	fra
costós	adjective	oci	coûteux	adjective	fra
tonic	adjective	oci	tonique	adjective	fra
Suleiman	properNoun	oci	Suleiman	properNoun	fra
Magràs	properNoun	oci	Magràs	properNoun	fra
ISO	noun	oci	ISO	noun	fra
icnologia	noun	oci	ichnologie	noun	fra
disqueta	noun	oci	disquette	noun	fra
sendièr	noun	oci	sentier	noun	fra
veneçola	noun	oci	Vénézuélien	noun	fra
canèl	noun	oci	tuyau	noun	fra
Sirius	properNoun	oci	Sirius	properNoun	fra
santat	noun	oci	santé	noun	fra
Novell	properNoun	oci	Novell	properNoun	fra
nièra	noun	oci	puce	noun	fra
quaranta nòu	numeral	oci	quarante-neuf	numeral	fra
plutonic	adjective	oci	plutonique	adjective	fra
Trépanier	properNoun	oci	Trépanier	properNoun	fra
Beaudry	properNoun	oci	Beaudry	properNoun	fra
Lacoste	properNoun	oci	Lacoste	properNoun	fra
mesurar	verb	oci	métrer	verb	fra
mesurar	verb	oci	mesurer	verb	fra
absurd	noun	oci	absurde	noun	fra
botanés	noun	oci	Bhoutanais	noun	fra
Zambrotta	properNoun	oci	Zambrotta	properNoun	fra
informatizacion	noun	oci	informatisation	noun	fra
Read	properNoun	oci	Read	properNoun	fra
manualament	adverb	oci	manuellement	adverb	fra
encadenament	noun	oci	enchaînement	noun	fra
lavatge	noun	oci	lavage	noun	fra
Camden	properNoun	oci	Camden	properNoun	fra
dominiqués	noun	oci	Dominiquais	noun	fra
Hernàndez	properNoun	oci	Hernàndez	properNoun	fra
a bèlas cambadas	adverb	oci	à grands pas	adverb	fra
Darius Milhaud	properNoun	oci	Darius Milhaud	properNoun	fra
auspici	noun	oci	auspice	noun	fra
simonia	noun	oci	simonie	noun	fra
preambul	noun	oci	préambule	noun	fra
Daltrey	properNoun	oci	Daltrey	properNoun	fra
Joncas	properNoun	oci	Joncas	properNoun	fra
von Mastrigt	properNoun	oci	von Mastrigt	properNoun	fra
Cristófol	properNoun	oci	Cristófol	properNoun	fra
vinharés	noun	oci	vignoble	noun	fra
Simpson	properNoun	oci	Simpson	properNoun	fra
demorança	noun	oci	logis	noun	fra
Toft	properNoun	oci	Toft	properNoun	fra
Gazprom	properNoun	oci	Gazprom	properNoun	fra
Calvache	properNoun	oci	Calvache	properNoun	fra
Powle	properNoun	oci	Powle	properNoun	fra
Grignon	properNoun	oci	Grignon	properNoun	fra
81n	adjective	oci	81ème	adjective	fra
Chassé	properNoun	oci	Chassé	properNoun	fra
Muresan	properNoun	oci	Muresan	properNoun	fra
esboçar	verb	oci	esquisser	verb	fra
morfina	noun	oci	morphine	noun	fra
Parisien	properNoun	oci	Parisien	properNoun	fra
trueita	noun	oci	truite	noun	fra
trueita	noun	oci	omelette	noun	fra
fòrça plan	adverb	oci	très bien	adverb	fra
Bellés	properNoun	oci	Bellés	properNoun	fra
Còrdoa	properNoun	oci	Cordoue	properNoun	fra
bentonita	noun	oci	bentonite	noun	fra
Borjas	properNoun	oci	Borjas	properNoun	fra
conservador	adjective	oci	conservateur	adjective	fra
Auladell	properNoun	oci	Auladell	properNoun	fra
a drecha	adverb	oci	à droite	adverb	fra
Roso	properNoun	oci	Roso	properNoun	fra
Hendrix	properNoun	oci	Hendrix	properNoun	fra
ric	noun	oci	riche	noun	fra
Barrington	properNoun	oci	Barrington	properNoun	fra
Rupérez	properNoun	oci	Rupérez	properNoun	fra
esclavitud	noun	oci	servitude	noun	fra
esclavitud	noun	oci	esclavage	noun	fra
expansion	noun	oci	expansion	noun	fra
mecanicament	adverb	oci	mécaniquement	adverb	fra
desaparicion	noun	oci	disparition	noun	fra
Lindbergh	properNoun	oci	Lindbergh	properNoun	fra
nisar	verb	oci	nicher	verb	fra
esclavitat	noun	oci	esclavage	noun	fra
lajor	noun	oci	laideur	noun	fra
catalanista	adjective	oci	catalaniste	adjective	fra
Begum	properNoun	oci	Begum	properNoun	fra
Cusí	properNoun	oci	Cusí	properNoun	fra
Forgione	properNoun	oci	Forgione	properNoun	fra
volcan	noun	oci	volcan	noun	fra
Viñals	properNoun	oci	Viñals	properNoun	fra
bendèl	noun	oci	lente	noun	fra
bendèl	noun	oci	bandeau	noun	fra
estatsunidenc	adjective	oci	américain	adjective	fra
Rannou	properNoun	oci	Rannou	properNoun	fra
clarinetista	noun	oci	clarinettiste	noun	fra
Castella	properNoun	oci	Castella	properNoun	fra
Wells	properNoun	oci	Wells	properNoun	fra
pèrta	noun	oci	perte	noun	fra
patronim	noun	oci	patronyme	noun	fra
pairinar	verb	oci	parrainer	verb	fra
Libicki	properNoun	oci	Libicki	properNoun	fra
immensament	adverb	oci	immensément	adverb	fra
Deladurantaye	properNoun	oci	Deladurantaye	properNoun	fra
rosèla	noun	oci	coquelicot	noun	fra
Collell	properNoun	oci	Collell	properNoun	fra
jos l'efièch de	preposition	oci	sous l'effet de	preposition	fra
ortofonista	noun	oci	orthophoniste	noun	fra
globalitat	noun	oci	globalité	noun	fra
intervenir	verb	oci	intervenir	verb	fra
Caumartin	properNoun	oci	Caumartin	properNoun	fra
calcular	verb	oci	calculer	verb	fra
contemplacion	noun	oci	contemplation	noun	fra
Jade	properNoun	oci	Jade	properNoun	fra
flòta	noun	oci	flotte	noun	fra
folca	noun	oci	foulque	noun	fra
Bermejo	properNoun	oci	Bermejo	properNoun	fra
comissionar	verb	oci	commissionner	verb	fra
Alvarenga	properNoun	oci	Alvarenga	properNoun	fra
remanent	adjective	oci	rémanent	adjective	fra
bòrd	noun	oci	bord	noun	fra
dierèsi	noun	oci	diérèse	noun	fra
Curbelo	properNoun	oci	Curbelo	properNoun	fra
vintau	adjective	oci	vingtième	adjective	fra
Etxepare	properNoun	oci	Etxepare	properNoun	fra
Casseus	properNoun	oci	Casseus	properNoun	fra
epanadiplòsi	noun	oci	épanadiplose	noun	fra
vetust	adjective	oci	vétuste	adjective	fra
riquet	noun	oci	grillon	noun	fra
riquet	noun	oci	criquet	noun	fra
formosan	noun	oci	taïwanais	noun	fra
Tringali	properNoun	oci	Tringali	properNoun	fra
noguièr	noun	oci	noyer	noun	fra
sòr	noun	oci	sœur	noun	fra
Kazamias	properNoun	oci	Kazamias	properNoun	fra
Wozniak	properNoun	oci	Wozniak	properNoun	fra
roergat	adjective	oci	rouergat	adjective	fra
mandragòra	noun	oci	mandragore	noun	fra
aspècte	noun	oci	aspect	noun	fra
excepcionalitat	noun	oci	exceptionnalité	noun	fra
dormir	verb	oci	dormir	verb	fra
dormir	verb	oci	assoupir	verb	fra
dormir	verb	oci	endormir	verb	fra
Davison	properNoun	oci	Davison	properNoun	fra
Fons	properNoun	oci	Fons	properNoun	fra
Degré	properNoun	oci	Degré	properNoun	fra
endedins	adverb	oci	dedans	adverb	fra
Uribe	properNoun	oci	Uribe	properNoun	fra
còde	noun	oci	code	noun	fra
alpenc	adjective	oci	alpin	adjective	fra
Agossi	properNoun	oci	Agossi	properNoun	fra
cistercian	adjective	oci	cistercien	adjective	fra
Leopoldo	properNoun	oci	Leopoldo	properNoun	fra
Tranchemontagne	properNoun	oci	Tranchemontagne	properNoun	fra
tipologia	noun	oci	typologie	noun	fra
von Unwerth	properNoun	oci	von Unwerth	properNoun	fra
modelar	verb	oci	modeler	verb	fra
coïncidéncia	noun	oci	coïncidence	noun	fra
Monleón	properNoun	oci	Monleón	properNoun	fra
permanéncia	noun	oci	permanence	noun	fra
districte	noun	oci	arrondissement	noun	fra
districte	noun	oci	district	noun	fra
Nguyen	properNoun	oci	Nguyen	properNoun	fra
Yonne	properNoun	oci	Yonne	properNoun	fra
bagatge	noun	oci	bagage	noun	fra
insociable	adjective	oci	insociable	adjective	fra
lucana	noun	oci	lucarne	noun	fra
Conde	properNoun	oci	Conde	properNoun	fra
ensalada	noun	oci	salade	noun	fra
citara	noun	oci	cithare	noun	fra
fendascla	noun	oci	crevasse	noun	fra
Labrosse	properNoun	oci	Labrosse	properNoun	fra
Fountain	properNoun	oci	Fountain	properNoun	fra
Mc Cartney	properNoun	oci	Mc Cartney	properNoun	fra
gauta	noun	oci	joue	noun	fra
d'Aquino	properNoun	oci	d'Aquino	properNoun	fra
Lana	properNoun	oci	Lana	properNoun	fra
Bone	properNoun	oci	Bone	properNoun	fra
negar	verb	oci	noyer	verb	fra
negar	verb	oci	nier	verb	fra
estanquet	noun	oci	café	noun	fra
Figuera	properNoun	oci	Figuera	properNoun	fra
insurgent	noun	oci	insurgé	noun	fra
Huneault	properNoun	oci	Huneault	properNoun	fra
Murat	properNoun	oci	Murat	properNoun	fra
eritrèu	adjective	oci	érythréen	adjective	fra
musèl	noun	oci	museau	noun	fra
Floriach	properNoun	oci	Floriach	properNoun	fra
espetard	noun	oci	pétard	noun	fra
Currie	properNoun	oci	Currie	properNoun	fra
escandinau	adjective	oci	scandinave	adjective	fra
aranés	noun	oci	aranais	noun	fra
artilhièr	noun	oci	artilleur	noun	fra
professionalizacion	noun	oci	professionnalisation	noun	fra
Grégory	properNoun	oci	Grégory	properNoun	fra
Taubira	properNoun	oci	Taubira	properNoun	fra
balcon	noun	oci	balcon	noun	fra
lèrma	noun	oci	larme	noun	fra
embraçada	noun	oci	embrassade	noun	fra
Toubon	properNoun	oci	Toubon	properNoun	fra
Vivaldi	properNoun	oci	Vivaldi	properNoun	fra
perpetuar	verb	oci	perpétuer	verb	fra
redactor	noun	oci	rédacteur	noun	fra
cinquantena	noun	oci	cinquantaine	noun	fra
totemisme	noun	oci	totémisme	noun	fra
cafaròta	noun	oci	antre	noun	fra
inquisicion	noun	oci	inquisition	noun	fra
umanista	noun	oci	humaniste	noun	fra
Canova	properNoun	oci	Canova	properNoun	fra
repetidor	noun	oci	répétiteur	noun	fra
repetidor	noun	oci	répéteur	noun	fra
commemoracion	noun	oci	commémoration	noun	fra
rejúnher	verb	oci	joindre	verb	fra
rejúnher	verb	oci	accoler	verb	fra
tròp	adverb	oci	trop	adverb	fra
addicion	noun	oci	addition	noun	fra
defòra	adverb	oci	dehors	adverb	fra
Hazet	properNoun	oci	Hazel	properNoun	fra
Orozco	properNoun	oci	Orozco	properNoun	fra
menar	verb	oci	amener	verb	fra
menar	verb	oci	mener	verb	fra
Beckett	properNoun	oci	Beckett	properNoun	fra
Pissarro	properNoun	oci	Pissarro	properNoun	fra
Becerra	properNoun	oci	Becerra	properNoun	fra
Gioia	properNoun	oci	Gioia	properNoun	fra
retaule	noun	oci	auvent	noun	fra
retaule	noun	oci	retable	noun	fra
St-Ours	properNoun	oci	St-Ours	properNoun	fra
Heras	properNoun	oci	Heras	properNoun	fra
Kuchma	properNoun	oci	Koutchma	properNoun	fra
Inès	properNoun	oci	Inès	properNoun	fra
Raga	properNoun	oci	Raga	properNoun	fra
Rousson	properNoun	oci	Rousson	properNoun	fra
estabilizator	adjective	oci	stabilisateur	adjective	fra
Reche	properNoun	oci	Reche	properNoun	fra
enigma	noun	oci	énigme	noun	fra
gara	noun	oci	gare	noun	fra
Justin	properNoun	oci	Justin	properNoun	fra
insensat	adjective	oci	insensé	adjective	fra
present	noun	oci	présent	noun	fra
present	noun	oci	cadeau	noun	fra
participi	noun	oci	participe	noun	fra
concórrer	verb	oci	concourir	verb	fra
Barnard	properNoun	oci	Barnard	properNoun	fra
Ayamonte	properNoun	oci	Ayamonte	properNoun	fra
Leipheimer	properNoun	oci	Leipheimer	properNoun	fra
IEO	noun	oci	IEO	noun	fra
Brontë	properNoun	oci	Brontë	properNoun	fra
adesiu	noun	oci	adhésif	noun	fra
pacificament	adverb	oci	pacifiquement	adverb	fra
82n	adjective	oci	82ème	adjective	fra
observador	adjective	oci	observateur	adjective	fra
madurar	verb	oci	mûrir	verb	fra
cadaveric	adjective	oci	cadavérique	adjective	fra
laüt	noun	oci	luth	noun	fra
apocaliptic	adjective	oci	apocalyptique	adjective	fra
cicne	noun	oci	cygne	noun	fra
estandardista	noun	oci	standardiste	noun	fra
Pitruzzello	properNoun	oci	Pitruzzello	properNoun	fra
suposicion	noun	oci	supposition	noun	fra
idrografic	adjective	oci	hydrographique	adjective	fra
Creta	properNoun	oci	Crète	properNoun	fra
enriquesir	verb	oci	enrichir	verb	fra
Carrey	properNoun	oci	Carrey	properNoun	fra
rufian	noun	oci	rufian	noun	fra
aranés	adjective	oci	aranais	adjective	fra
brica	noun	oci	miette	noun	fra
brica	noun	oci	brique	noun	fra
oval	noun	oci	ovale	noun	fra
Bercier	properNoun	oci	Bercier	properNoun	fra
Setó	properNoun	oci	Setó	properNoun	fra
haician	adjective	oci	haïtien	adjective	fra
afiliar	verb	oci	affilier	verb	fra
donar	verb	oci	donner	verb	fra
fixista	noun	oci	fixiste	noun	fra
gelha	noun	oci	jante	noun	fra
gavina	noun	oci	mouette	noun	fra
Deleon	properNoun	oci	Deleon	properNoun	fra
vulgarament	adverb	oci	vulgairement	adverb	fra
Garibaldi	properNoun	oci	Garibaldi	properNoun	fra
cordelada	noun	oci	kyrielle	noun	fra
escalar	verb	oci	escalader	verb	fra
von Welsberg	properNoun	oci	von Welsberg	properNoun	fra
enuèg	noun	oci	ennui	noun	fra
dominacion	noun	oci	domination	noun	fra
possession	noun	oci	possession	noun	fra
Fontanals	properNoun	oci	Fontanals	properNoun	fra
jos pretèxte que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	sous prétexte que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
liberian	adjective	oci	libérien	adjective	fra
Fouard	properNoun	oci	Fouard	properNoun	fra
marron	adjective	oci	brun	adjective	fra
marron	adjective	oci	marron	adjective	fra
cubèrt	noun	oci	couvert	noun	fra
restaurar	verb	oci	restaurer	verb	fra
Agustín	properNoun	oci	Agustín	properNoun	fra
contribuïr	verb	oci	contribuer	verb	fra
entrainar	verb	oci	entrainer	verb	fra
món	noun	oci	monde	noun	fra
Jane	properNoun	oci	Jane	properNoun	fra
cinemà	noun	oci	cinéma	noun	fra
Beauchesne	properNoun	oci	Beauchesne	properNoun	fra
duquessa	noun	oci	duchesse	noun	fra
de genolhons	adverb	oci	à genoux	adverb	fra
alluvion	noun	oci	alluvion	noun	fra
en amont	adverb	oci	en amont	adverb	fra
Salomon	properNoun	oci	Salomon	properNoun	fra
civilizacion	noun	oci	civilisation	noun	fra
feminisme	noun	oci	féminisme	noun	fra
Juventud	properNoun	oci	Juventud	properNoun	fra
conservatiu	adjective	oci	conservatif	adjective	fra
Schffrath	properNoun	oci	Schffrath	properNoun	fra
Benedetti	properNoun	oci	Benedetti	properNoun	fra
Farrell	properNoun	oci	Farrell	properNoun	fra
gerent	noun	oci	gérant	noun	fra
frigorific	adjective	oci	frigorifique	adjective	fra
Bearn	properNoun	oci	Béarn	properNoun	fra
placa	noun	oci	plaque	noun	fra
Lieutard	properNoun	oci	Lieutard	properNoun	fra
Talon	properNoun	oci	Talon	properNoun	fra
ecologisme	noun	oci	écologisme	noun	fra
Horne	properNoun	oci	Horne	properNoun	fra
Henrichon	properNoun	oci	Henrichon	properNoun	fra
sanscrit	noun	oci	sanskrit	noun	fra
cadalièit	noun	oci	châlit	noun	fra
mòble	adjective	oci	meuble	adjective	fra
desirança	noun	oci	désir	noun	fra
Tarín	properNoun	oci	Tarín	properNoun	fra
Rapisarda	properNoun	oci	Rapisarda	properNoun	fra
metazoari	noun	oci	métazoaire	noun	fra
Rica	properNoun	oci	Rica	properNoun	fra
Valade	properNoun	oci	Valade	properNoun	fra
Onduras	properNoun	oci	Honduras	properNoun	fra
Laxton	properNoun	oci	Laxton	properNoun	fra
clauvissa	noun	oci	clovisse	noun	fra
clauvissa	noun	oci	palourde	noun	fra
Mueller	properNoun	oci	Mueller	properNoun	fra
Parisé	properNoun	oci	Parisé	properNoun	fra
trèu	noun	oci	fantôme	noun	fra
Burelle	properNoun	oci	Burelle	properNoun	fra
vaissèl	noun	oci	bateau	noun	fra
vaissèl	noun	oci	vaisseau	noun	fra
Binoche	properNoun	oci	Binoche	properNoun	fra
Pournelle	properNoun	oci	Pournelle	properNoun	fra
metropolitan	noun	oci	métropolitain	noun	fra
McKay	properNoun	oci	McKay	properNoun	fra
intron	noun	oci	intron	noun	fra
precaucion	noun	oci	précaution	noun	fra
zoologista	noun	oci	zoologiste	noun	fra
caucida	noun	oci	chardon	noun	fra
Fuchs	properNoun	oci	Fuchs	properNoun	fra
en mai	adverb	oci	en plus	adverb	fra
en mai	adverb	oci	en outre	adverb	fra
tanzanian	adjective	oci	tanzanien	adjective	fra
posar	verb	oci	mettre	verb	fra
posar	verb	oci	remettre	verb	fra
posar	verb	oci	poser	verb	fra
posar	verb	oci	puiser	verb	fra
Furlong	properNoun	oci	Furlong	properNoun	fra
perseguir	verb	oci	poursuivre	verb	fra
perseguir	verb	oci	courser	verb	fra
àgio	noun	oci	agio	noun	fra
Veronica	properNoun	oci	Véronique	properNoun	fra
Veronica	properNoun	oci	Veronica	properNoun	fra
Tirana	properNoun	oci	Tirana	properNoun	fra
Anders	properNoun	oci	Anders	properNoun	fra
musulman	adjective	oci	musulman	adjective	fra
Aganier	properNoun	oci	Aganier	properNoun	fra
Pallas	properNoun	oci	Pallas	properNoun	fra
espirala	noun	oci	spire	noun	fra
espirala	noun	oci	spirale	noun	fra
Sims	properNoun	oci	Sims	properNoun	fra
Monzón	properNoun	oci	Monzón	properNoun	fra
Besièrs	properNoun	oci	Béziers	properNoun	fra
a mens de	preposition	oci	à moins de	preposition	fra
carrieron	noun	oci	ruelle	noun	fra
motor	adjective	oci	moteur	adjective	fra
Woodhull	properNoun	oci	Woodhull	properNoun	fra
revirador	noun	oci	traducteur	noun	fra
rasim	noun	oci	raisin	noun	fra
negrejar	verb	oci	noircir	verb	fra
reestampar	verb	oci	réimprimer	verb	fra
ivorian	adjective	oci	ivoirien	adjective	fra
Sintes	properNoun	oci	Sintes	properNoun	fra
Maestro	properNoun	oci	Maestro	properNoun	fra
Frédéric	properNoun	oci	Frédéric	properNoun	fra
Buckle	properNoun	oci	Buckle	properNoun	fra
Desabrais	properNoun	oci	Desabrais	properNoun	fra
Torrento	properNoun	oci	Torrento	properNoun	fra
Sturluson	properNoun	oci	Sturluson	properNoun	fra
directiva	noun	oci	directive	noun	fra
invalid	adjective	oci	invalide	adjective	fra
Pascale	properNoun	oci	Pascale	properNoun	fra
handicap	noun	oci	handicap	noun	fra
ananàs	noun	oci	ananas	noun	fra
laxisme	noun	oci	laxisme	noun	fra
Cosby	properNoun	oci	Cosby	properNoun	fra
normalizar	verb	oci	normaliser	verb	fra
tablèu	noun	oci	tableau	noun	fra
acuèlh	noun	oci	accueil	noun	fra
patin	noun	oci	patin	noun	fra
palpitacion	noun	oci	palpitation	noun	fra
Deguzman	properNoun	oci	Deguzman	properNoun	fra
antineutrino	noun	oci	antineutrino	noun	fra
Bernèche	properNoun	oci	Bernèche	properNoun	fra
sultanat	noun	oci	sultanat	noun	fra
Déry	properNoun	oci	Déry	properNoun	fra
Finance	properNoun	oci	Finance	properNoun	fra
debil	adjective	oci	faible	adjective	fra
accessibilitat	noun	oci	accessibilité	noun	fra
terminar	verb	oci	terminer	verb	fra
entrevista	noun	oci	entrevue	noun	fra
entrevista	noun	oci	interview	noun	fra
aprestar	verb	oci	préparer	verb	fra
Viazzi	properNoun	oci	Viazzi	properNoun	fra
esfericament	adverb	oci	sphériquement	adverb	fra
Carod-Rovira	properNoun	oci	Carod-Rovira	properNoun	fra
salafisme	noun	oci	salafisme	noun	fra
von Gartzen	properNoun	oci	von Gartzen	properNoun	fra
Renzi	properNoun	oci	Renzi	properNoun	fra
Grenier	properNoun	oci	Grenier	properNoun	fra
consumir	verb	oci	consommer	verb	fra
logar	verb	oci	louer	verb	fra
efervescéncia	noun	oci	effervescence	noun	fra
Alps	properNoun	oci	Alpes	properNoun	fra
rovilha	noun	oci	rouille	noun	fra
falcon	noun	oci	faucon	noun	fra
Cohn-Bendit	properNoun	oci	Cohn-Bendit	properNoun	fra
Orgaz	properNoun	oci	Orgaz	properNoun	fra
Palomera	properNoun	oci	Palomera	properNoun	fra
electroquimic	adjective	oci	électrochimique	adjective	fra
Pujol i Ferrusola	properNoun	oci	Pujol i Ferrusola	properNoun	fra
semita	adjective	oci	sémite	adjective	fra
Rodoti	properNoun	oci	Rodoti	properNoun	fra
sud-american	noun	oci	Sud-Américain	noun	fra
radiant	adjective	oci	rayonnant	adjective	fra
lengatgièr	adjective	oci	langagier	adjective	fra
marieta	noun	oci	coccinelle	noun	fra
Diane	properNoun	oci	Diane	properNoun	fra
Estirado	properNoun	oci	Estirado	properNoun	fra
Guarro	properNoun	oci	Guarro	properNoun	fra
Niamey	properNoun	oci	Niamey	properNoun	fra
vauclusenc	adjective	oci	vauclusien	adjective	fra
contencion	noun	oci	contention	noun	fra
Xaus	properNoun	oci	Xaus	properNoun	fra
cafè	adjective	oci	café	adjective	fra
francés	adjective	oci	français	adjective	fra
Vigneux	properNoun	oci	Vigneux	properNoun	fra
orizontalament	adverb	oci	horizontalement	adverb	fra
Salieri	properNoun	oci	Salieri	properNoun	fra
Desjarlais	properNoun	oci	Desjarlais	properNoun	fra
concretament	adverb	oci	concrètement	adverb	fra
Jordan	properNoun	oci	Jordan	properNoun	fra
Jordan	properNoun	oci	Jordana	properNoun	fra
sièis cents	numeral	oci	six-cent	numeral	fra
sièis cents	numeral	oci	six cent	numeral	fra
Rodón	properNoun	oci	Rodón	properNoun	fra
accidentalament	adverb	oci	accidentellement	adverb	fra
Sierra Leone	properNoun	oci	Sierra Leone	properNoun	fra
Hoque	properNoun	oci	Hoque	properNoun	fra
desbrembar	verb	oci	oublier	verb	fra
Poisson	properNoun	oci	Poisson	properNoun	fra
a posita	adverb	oci	à portée	adverb	fra
Cisco	properNoun	oci	Cisco	properNoun	fra
Bellet	properNoun	oci	Bellet	properNoun	fra
concret	adjective	oci	concret	adjective	fra
Angers	properNoun	oci	Angers	properNoun	fra
Lamer	properNoun	oci	Lamer	properNoun	fra
Ansede	properNoun	oci	Ansede	properNoun	fra
balneologia	noun	oci	balnéologie	noun	fra
Ludivina	properNoun	oci	Ludivina	properNoun	fra
Ludivina	properNoun	oci	Ludivine	properNoun	fra
Nomen	properNoun	oci	Nomen	properNoun	fra
Gervais	properNoun	oci	Gervais	properNoun	fra
Luneau	properNoun	oci	Luneau	properNoun	fra
Buñales	properNoun	oci	Buñales	properNoun	fra
bison	noun	oci	bison	noun	fra
Lapeña	properNoun	oci	Lapeña	properNoun	fra
setanta sèt	numeral	oci	soixante-dix-sept	numeral	fra
Balcazar	properNoun	oci	Balcazar	properNoun	fra
incomptable	adjective	oci	incomptable	adjective	fra
radiós	adjective	oci	radieux	adjective	fra
relativista	adjective	oci	relativiste	adjective	fra
cellula	noun	oci	cellule	noun	fra
Perrotte	properNoun	oci	Perrotte	properNoun	fra
Sven	properNoun	oci	Sven	properNoun	fra
Needham	properNoun	oci	Needham	properNoun	fra
fornariá	noun	oci	boulangerie	noun	fra
Soulières	properNoun	oci	Soulières	properNoun	fra
marga	noun	oci	manche	noun	fra
retroaccion	noun	oci	rétroaction	noun	fra
chimpanzé	noun	oci	chimpanzé	noun	fra
musicaire	noun	oci	musicien	noun	fra
isotopic	adjective	oci	isotopique	adjective	fra
Alcoran	properNoun	oci	Coran	properNoun	fra
pennat	adjective	oci	penné	adjective	fra
desidratacion	noun	oci	déshydratation	noun	fra
Luna	properNoun	oci	Luna	properNoun	fra
Tarragona	properNoun	oci	Tarragone	properNoun	fra
Tarragona	properNoun	oci	Tarragona	properNoun	fra
estilista	noun	oci	styliste	noun	fra
ranc	noun	oci	boiteux	noun	fra
ranc	noun	oci	rocher	noun	fra
Portugalete	properNoun	oci	Portugalete	properNoun	fra
dotzena	noun	oci	douzaine	noun	fra
Waldorf	properNoun	oci	Waldorf	properNoun	fra
mentalament	adverb	oci	mentalement	adverb	fra
Canela	properNoun	oci	Canela	properNoun	fra
piemontés	adjective	oci	piémontais	adjective	fra
Strauss	properNoun	oci	Strauss	properNoun	fra
Manu	properNoun	oci	Manu	properNoun	fra
Biwer	properNoun	oci	Biwer	properNoun	fra
Halsdorf	properNoun	oci	Halsdorf	properNoun	fra
sevèr	adjective	oci	sévère	adjective	fra
boira	noun	oci	méteil	noun	fra
aiga	noun	oci	eau	noun	fra
Saurí	properNoun	oci	Saurí	properNoun	fra
Martel	properNoun	oci	Martel	properNoun	fra
Correia	properNoun	oci	Correia	properNoun	fra
satanisme	noun	oci	satanisme	noun	fra
Tapiador	properNoun	oci	Tapiador	properNoun	fra
letargia	noun	oci	léthargie	noun	fra
crochetar	verb	oci	atteler	verb	fra
crochetar	verb	oci	accrocher	verb	fra
biais	noun	oci	manière	noun	fra
biais	noun	oci	biais	noun	fra
biais	noun	oci	habileté	noun	fra
Mary	properNoun	oci	Mary	properNoun	fra
caudièra	noun	oci	chaudière	noun	fra
caudièra	noun	oci	chaudron	noun	fra
labrejaire	noun	oci	boudeur	noun	fra
Bréard	properNoun	oci	Bréard	properNoun	fra
Bérard	properNoun	oci	Bérard	properNoun	fra
contributiu	adjective	oci	contributif	adjective	fra
brasilenc	adjective	oci	brésilien	adjective	fra
convèx	adjective	oci	convexe	adjective	fra
tustada	noun	oci	frappe	noun	fra
Fajardo	properNoun	oci	Fajardo	properNoun	fra
Delasablonnière	properNoun	oci	Delasablonnière	properNoun	fra
elevar	verb	oci	élever	verb	fra
pomièira	noun	oci	pommier	noun	fra
Compagnat	properNoun	oci	Compagnat	properNoun	fra
50n	adjective	oci	50ème	adjective	fra
Evita	properNoun	oci	Evita	properNoun	fra
provesit	adjective	oci	pourvu	adjective	fra
html	properNoun	oci	html	properNoun	fra
Saldaña	properNoun	oci	Saldaña	properNoun	fra
Amians	properNoun	oci	Amiens	properNoun	fra
federalista	adjective	oci	fédéraliste	adjective	fra
comerçant	noun	oci	commerçant	noun	fra
pertocant	preposition	oci	quant à	preposition	fra
pertocant	preposition	oci	par rapport à	preposition	fra
pertocant	preposition	oci	pour ce qui est de	preposition	fra
guitarrista	noun	oci	guitariste	noun	fra
GIMP	properNoun	oci	GIMP	properNoun	fra
Pimentel	properNoun	oci	Pimentel	properNoun	fra
pietat	noun	oci	pitié	noun	fra
pietat	noun	oci	piété	noun	fra
Pagette	properNoun	oci	Pagette	properNoun	fra
solament	subordinatingConjunction	oci	or	subordinatingConjunction	fra
antimonic	adjective	oci	antimonique	adjective	fra
PowerPC	properNoun	oci	PowerPC	properNoun	fra
Antxustegi	properNoun	oci	Antxustegi	properNoun	fra
palfèr	noun	oci	levier	noun	fra
escabòt	noun	oci	troupeau	noun	fra
Leiva	properNoun	oci	Leiva	properNoun	fra
Fancello	properNoun	oci	Fancello	properNoun	fra
tabac	noun	oci	tabac	noun	fra
astrològ	noun	oci	astrologue	noun	fra
presoèr	noun	oci	prisonnier	noun	fra
Ohara	properNoun	oci	Ohara	properNoun	fra
malacologia	noun	oci	malacologie	noun	fra
divessa	noun	oci	dieu	noun	fra
divessa	noun	oci	divinité	noun	fra
idolatra	noun	oci	idolâtre	noun	fra
Fitzback	properNoun	oci	Fitzback	properNoun	fra
de los Reyes	properNoun	oci	de los Reyes	properNoun	fra
empiric	adjective	oci	empirique	adjective	fra
Adamo	properNoun	oci	Adamo	properNoun	fra
Benigno	properNoun	oci	Benigno	properNoun	fra
Trang	properNoun	oci	Trang	properNoun	fra
revocar	verb	oci	révoquer	verb	fra
camús	adjective	oci	camus	adjective	fra
enemic	noun	oci	ennemi	noun	fra
Touré	properNoun	oci	Touré	properNoun	fra
Desnoyers	properNoun	oci	Desnoyers	properNoun	fra
Poblador	properNoun	oci	Poblador	properNoun	fra
jugar	verb	oci	jouer	verb	fra
fialat	noun	oci	filet	noun	fra
Fata	properNoun	oci	Fata	properNoun	fra
demografe	noun	oci	démographe	noun	fra
Castillejos	properNoun	oci	Castillejos	properNoun	fra
Ruscito	properNoun	oci	Ruscito	properNoun	fra
Mahdí	properNoun	oci	Mahdí	properNoun	fra
Carazo	properNoun	oci	Carazo	properNoun	fra
supersticiós	adjective	oci	superstitieux	adjective	fra
estartalhar	verb	oci	affaisser	verb	fra
estartalhar	verb	oci	effondrer	verb	fra
inevitablement	adverb	oci	inévitablement	adverb	fra
lobatariá	noun	oci	louveterie	noun	fra
articulatòri	adjective	oci	articulatoire	adjective	fra
Windhoek	properNoun	oci	Windhoek	properNoun	fra
monografic	adjective	oci	monographique	adjective	fra
subduccion	noun	oci	subduction	noun	fra
Geiger	properNoun	oci	Geiger	properNoun	fra
Massís Central	properNoun	oci	Massif Central	properNoun	fra
aligat	noun	oci	allié	noun	fra
Campoverde	properNoun	oci	Campoverde	properNoun	fra
Palmira	properNoun	oci	Palmyre	properNoun	fra
Palmira	properNoun	oci	Palmira	properNoun	fra
sinuositat	noun	oci	sinuosité	noun	fra
Brousseau	properNoun	oci	Brousseau	properNoun	fra
Maillard	properNoun	oci	Maillard	properNoun	fra
Vilamòs	properNoun	oci	Vilamòs	properNoun	fra
nigerian	adjective	oci	nigérian	adjective	fra
asservir	verb	oci	asservir	verb	fra
anfiteatre	noun	oci	amphithéâtre	noun	fra
Ribot	properNoun	oci	Ribot	properNoun	fra
testicul	noun	oci	testicule	noun	fra
recuperacion	noun	oci	reprise	noun	fra
recuperacion	noun	oci	relance	noun	fra
recuperacion	noun	oci	récupération	noun	fra
Peregrina	properNoun	oci	Peregrina	properNoun	fra
convencut	adjective	oci	convaincu	adjective	fra
sensiblament	adverb	oci	sensiblement	adverb	fra
coralh	noun	oci	corail	noun	fra
UNICEF	noun	oci	UNICEF	noun	fra
repulsion	noun	oci	répulsion	noun	fra
bolhon	noun	oci	bouillon	noun	fra
Marion	properNoun	oci	Marion	properNoun	fra
Duchesne	properNoun	oci	Duchesne	properNoun	fra
Tougas	properNoun	oci	Tougas	properNoun	fra
Maria	properNoun	oci	Maria	properNoun	fra
Fleurant	properNoun	oci	Fleurant	properNoun	fra
mineralogia	noun	oci	minéralogie	noun	fra
Nickelodeon	properNoun	oci	Nickelodeon	properNoun	fra
Mauri	properNoun	oci	Mauri	properNoun	fra
païsan	adjective	oci	paysan	adjective	fra
tonicitat	noun	oci	tonicité	noun	fra
Santini	properNoun	oci	Santini	properNoun	fra
Quiroga	properNoun	oci	Quiroga	properNoun	fra
Curcó	properNoun	oci	Curcó	properNoun	fra
japonés	adjective	oci	japonais	adjective	fra
plèctre	noun	oci	plectre	noun	fra
Corral	properNoun	oci	Corral	properNoun	fra
Lon	properNoun	oci	Lon	properNoun	fra
abansora	adverb	oci	avant l'heure	adverb	fra
abansora	adverb	oci	avant le temps	adverb	fra
abansora	adverb	oci	avant terme	adverb	fra
Plácida	properNoun	oci	Plácida	properNoun	fra
manutencion	noun	oci	manutention	noun	fra
oitanta un	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-un	numeral	fra
Papaseit	properNoun	oci	Papaseit	properNoun	fra
Moss	properNoun	oci	Moss	properNoun	fra
cométer	verb	oci	commettre	verb	fra
Foch	properNoun	oci	Foch	properNoun	fra
decuple	adjective	oci	décuple	adjective	fra
Soulard	properNoun	oci	Soulard	properNoun	fra
ancora	noun	oci	ancre	noun	fra
fregir	verb	oci	frire	verb	fra
Hardey	properNoun	oci	Hardey	properNoun	fra
Polynice	properNoun	oci	Polynice	properNoun	fra
Espinola	properNoun	oci	Espinola	properNoun	fra
Arcand	properNoun	oci	Arcand	properNoun	fra
sedacion	noun	oci	sédation	noun	fra
Osàcar	properNoun	oci	Osàcar	properNoun	fra
Berlusconi	properNoun	oci	Berlusconi	properNoun	fra
Bolton	properNoun	oci	Bolton	properNoun	fra
Lugo	properNoun	oci	Lugo	properNoun	fra
Guerrero	properNoun	oci	Guerrero	properNoun	fra
glossari	noun	oci	glossaire	noun	fra
Lebouthillier	properNoun	oci	Lebouthillier	properNoun	fra
balajadís	noun	oci	balayure	noun	fra
agach	noun	oci	guet	noun	fra
agach	noun	oci	regard	noun	fra
crestian	noun	oci	chrétien	noun	fra
desertic	adjective	oci	désertique	adjective	fra
Coto	properNoun	oci	Coto	properNoun	fra
Sansa	properNoun	oci	Sansa	properNoun	fra
intensament	adverb	oci	intensément	adverb	fra
praube	adjective	oci	pauvre	adjective	fra
Weetaltuk	properNoun	oci	Weetaltuk	properNoun	fra
Sorel	properNoun	oci	Sorel	properNoun	fra
recreacion	noun	oci	récréation	noun	fra
recreacion	noun	oci	recréation	noun	fra
Vermont	properNoun	oci	Vermont	properNoun	fra
hantauma	noun	oci	fantôme	noun	fra
depilacion	noun	oci	dépilation	noun	fra
carpa	noun	oci	carpe	noun	fra
Brando	properNoun	oci	Brando	properNoun	fra
Hétu	properNoun	oci	Hétu	properNoun	fra
Asquith	properNoun	oci	Asquith	properNoun	fra
ecologista	adjective	oci	écologiste	adjective	fra
tibetan	noun	oci	tibétain	noun	fra
trompariá	noun	oci	tromperie	noun	fra
ben	adjective	oci	bien	adjective	fra
evaporita	noun	oci	évaporite	noun	fra
de culs	adverb	oci	sur le cul	adverb	fra
Sotos	properNoun	oci	Sotos	properNoun	fra
fins a novèl òrdre	subordinatingConjunction	oci	jusqu'à nouvel ordre	subordinatingConjunction	fra
orticultura	noun	oci	horticulture	noun	fra
Paredes	properNoun	oci	Paredes	properNoun	fra
saumetada	noun	oci	sottise	noun	fra
quèrra	noun	oci	gauche	noun	fra
luec	noun	oci	lieu	noun	fra
en cas que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	au cas que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
en cas que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	au cas où	subordinatingConjunction	fra
en cas que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	en cas que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
adesion	noun	oci	adhésion	noun	fra
Caruncho	properNoun	oci	Caruncho	properNoun	fra
possa	noun	oci	mamelle	noun	fra
frisa	noun	oci	frise	noun	fra
Higgs	properNoun	oci	Higgs	properNoun	fra
a dit de	preposition	oci	à force de	preposition	fra
positivisme	noun	oci	positivisme	noun	fra
Lamont	properNoun	oci	Lamont	properNoun	fra
eth mèn	pronoun	oci	le mien	pronoun	fra
eth mèn	pronoun	oci	mon	determiner	fra
eth mèn	pronoun	oci	mon	possessivePronoun	fra
eth mèn	determiner	oci	le mien	pronoun	fra
eth mèn	determiner	oci	mon	determiner	fra
eth mèn	determiner	oci	mon	possessivePronoun	fra
eth mèn	possessivePronoun	oci	le mien	pronoun	fra
eth mèn	possessivePronoun	oci	mon	determiner	fra
eth mèn	possessivePronoun	oci	mon	possessivePronoun	fra
aira	noun	oci	zone	noun	fra
aira	noun	oci	aire	noun	fra
Minguillon	properNoun	oci	Minguillon	properNoun	fra
Noreau	properNoun	oci	Noreau	properNoun	fra
ruralitat	noun	oci	ruralité	noun	fra
postguèrra	noun	oci	postguerre	noun	fra
santament	adverb	oci	saintement	adverb	fra
galafre	noun	oci	glouton	noun	fra
Najera	properNoun	oci	Najera	properNoun	fra
Montand	properNoun	oci	Montand	properNoun	fra
pròp	adverb	oci	auprès	adverb	fra
pròp	adverb	oci	près	adverb	fra
reformator	adjective	oci	réformateur	adjective	fra
ostal	noun	oci	maison	noun	fra
accelerador	adjective	oci	accélérateur	adjective	fra
aragonita	noun	oci	aragonite	noun	fra
a jorn falit	adverb	oci	à la tombée du jour	adverb	fra
Franco	properNoun	oci	Franco	properNoun	fra
Capcir	properNoun	oci	Capcir	properNoun	fra
rivassèl	noun	oci	ruisselet	noun	fra
Bretones	properNoun	oci	Bretones	properNoun	fra
Hausmann	properNoun	oci	Hausmann	properNoun	fra
negrassa	noun	oci	macreuse	noun	fra
editorialista	noun	oci	éditorialiste	noun	fra
òcra	noun	oci	ocre	noun	fra
blanquiment	noun	oci	blanchiment	noun	fra
extraordinàriament	adverb	oci	extraordinairement	adverb	fra
escrima	noun	oci	escrime	noun	fra
peresosament	adverb	oci	paresseusement	adverb	fra
Maiança	properNoun	oci	Mayence	properNoun	fra
monològue	noun	oci	monologue	noun	fra
Manau	properNoun	oci	Manau	properNoun	fra
Guilar	properNoun	oci	Guilar	properNoun	fra
Chamberlain	properNoun	oci	Chamberlain	properNoun	fra
per fortuna	adverb	oci	par chance	adverb	fra
tabó	noun	oci	tabou	noun	fra
Cornoalha	properNoun	oci	Cornouailles	properNoun	fra
detalh	noun	oci	détail	noun	fra
Codony	properNoun	oci	Codony	properNoun	fra
alternador	noun	oci	alternateur	noun	fra
Cooke	properNoun	oci	Cooke	properNoun	fra
encendiari	noun	oci	incendiaire	noun	fra
Miles	properNoun	oci	Miles	properNoun	fra
soscultura	noun	oci	sous-culture	noun	fra
eissugament	noun	oci	essuyage	noun	fra
Major	properNoun	oci	Major	properNoun	fra
compreneson	noun	oci	compréhension	noun	fra
Faille	properNoun	oci	Faille	properNoun	fra
Calzada	properNoun	oci	Calzada	properNoun	fra
aramon	noun	oci	aramon	noun	fra
Meisels	properNoun	oci	Meisels	properNoun	fra
det	noun	oci	doigt	noun	fra
gemèc	noun	oci	gémissement	noun	fra
Anaya	properNoun	oci	Anaya	properNoun	fra
Josefa	properNoun	oci	Josefa	properNoun	fra
filogenèsi	noun	oci	phylogénie	noun	fra
esséncia	noun	oci	essence	noun	fra
Windows Vista	properNoun	oci	Windows Vista	properNoun	fra
connotar	verb	oci	connoter	verb	fra
Jean-Bernard	properNoun	oci	Jean-Bernard	properNoun	fra
ambulant	adjective	oci	ambulant	adjective	fra
Balboa	properNoun	oci	Balboa	properNoun	fra
Ferrara	properNoun	oci	Ferrara	properNoun	fra
estrossejar	verb	oci	ravager	verb	fra
estrossejar	verb	oci	catastropher	verb	fra
Botan	properNoun	oci	Bhoutan	properNoun	fra
oportunista	adjective	oci	opportuniste	adjective	fra
Higuero	properNoun	oci	Higuero	properNoun	fra
Pirenèus Atlantics	properNoun	oci	Pyrénées-Atlantiques	properNoun	fra
Argelés	properNoun	oci	Argelés	properNoun	fra
76n	adjective	oci	76ème	adjective	fra
epidemiologic	adjective	oci	épidémiologique	adjective	fra
observacion	noun	oci	observation	noun	fra
separar	verb	oci	séparer	verb	fra
Taverner	properNoun	oci	Taverner	properNoun	fra
Curto	properNoun	oci	Curto	properNoun	fra
tailandés	adjective	oci	thaïlandais	adjective	fra
Jens	properNoun	oci	Jens	properNoun	fra
seriosament	adverb	oci	sérieusement	adverb	fra
idòla	noun	oci	idole	noun	fra
Herbert	properNoun	oci	Herbert	properNoun	fra
tant que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	aussi longtemps que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
sustentacion	noun	oci	sustentation	noun	fra
escuritat	noun	oci	obscurité	noun	fra
Bergua	properNoun	oci	Bergua	properNoun	fra
Rex	properNoun	oci	Rex	properNoun	fra
enonciatiu	adjective	oci	énonciatif	adjective	fra
cuneifòrme	adjective	oci	cunéiforme	adjective	fra
sofisme	noun	oci	soufisme	noun	fra
postassa	noun	oci	madrier	noun	fra
Giribet	properNoun	oci	Giribet	properNoun	fra
espitalizar	verb	oci	hospitaliser	verb	fra
Tusk	properNoun	oci	Tusk	properNoun	fra
garriga	noun	oci	garrigue	noun	fra
tuve	noun	oci	tuf	noun	fra
cindra	noun	oci	cintre	noun	fra
sus	preposition	oci	sur	preposition	fra
fallaciós	adjective	oci	fallacieux	adjective	fra
Costanza	properNoun	oci	Costanza	properNoun	fra
arange	adjective	oci	orange	adjective	fra
suspéner	verb	oci	suspendre	verb	fra
Legarreta	properNoun	oci	Legarreta	properNoun	fra
falsificar	verb	oci	falsifier	verb	fra
libertat	noun	oci	liberté	noun	fra
Boss	properNoun	oci	Boss	properNoun	fra
Taillefer	properNoun	oci	Taillefer	properNoun	fra
filador	noun	oci	fileur	noun	fra
Aregall	properNoun	oci	Aregall	properNoun	fra
km	noun	oci	km	noun	fra
Anglatèrra	properNoun	oci	Angleterre	properNoun	fra
Mameanskum	properNoun	oci	Mameanskum	properNoun	fra
Monique	properNoun	oci	Monique	properNoun	fra
Viladegut	properNoun	oci	Viladegut	properNoun	fra
desvolopar	verb	oci	dérouler	verb	fra
desvolopar	verb	oci	développer	verb	fra
Giorgio	properNoun	oci	Giorgio	properNoun	fra
Rossetti	properNoun	oci	Rossetti	properNoun	fra
ornitologia	noun	oci	ornithologie	noun	fra
confús	adjective	oci	confus	adjective	fra
archiu	noun	oci	archive	noun	fra
kosovar	noun	oci	Kosovar	noun	fra
arab	adjective	oci	arabe	adjective	fra
còsta	noun	oci	côte	noun	fra
algèbra	noun	oci	algèbre	noun	fra
caracterologia	noun	oci	caractérologie	noun	fra
Guaiana	properNoun	oci	Guyane	properNoun	fra
Guaiana	properNoun	oci	Guyana	properNoun	fra
bois	noun	oci	buis	noun	fra
Roig	properNoun	oci	Roig	properNoun	fra
renovelable	adjective	oci	renouvelable	adjective	fra
cacic	noun	oci	cacique	noun	fra
amàs	noun	oci	amas	noun	fra
libanés	adjective	oci	libanais	adjective	fra
Barberini	properNoun	oci	Barberini	properNoun	fra
clausura	noun	oci	clôture	noun	fra
Amy	properNoun	oci	Amy	properNoun	fra
Caudet	properNoun	oci	Caudet	properNoun	fra
Oros	properNoun	oci	Oros	properNoun	fra
Ohana	properNoun	oci	Ohana	properNoun	fra
nuca	noun	oci	nuque	noun	fra
incomprension	noun	oci	incompréhension	noun	fra
metan	noun	oci	méthane	noun	fra
comprar	verb	oci	acheter	verb	fra
portugués	adjective	oci	portugais	adjective	fra
carabassa	noun	oci	courge	noun	fra
Lorena	properNoun	oci	Lorraine	properNoun	fra
reïvindicar	verb	oci	revendiquer	verb	fra
Mérineau	properNoun	oci	Mérineau	properNoun	fra
demòni	noun	oci	démon	noun	fra
von Spee	properNoun	oci	von Spee	properNoun	fra
Lavertu	properNoun	oci	Lavertu	properNoun	fra
gastric	adjective	oci	gastrique	adjective	fra
madeish	adjective	oci	même	adjective	fra
andbòl	noun	oci	handball	noun	fra
ritmic	adjective	oci	rythmique	adjective	fra
Corsica	properNoun	oci	Corsica	properNoun	fra
pati	noun	oci	cour	noun	fra
alongat	adjective	oci	allongé	adjective	fra
iteracion	noun	oci	itération	noun	fra
Gabaldá	properNoun	oci	Gabaldá	properNoun	fra
collectivitat	noun	oci	collectivité	noun	fra
Lai	properNoun	oci	Lai	properNoun	fra
Steiner	properNoun	oci	Steiner	properNoun	fra
excentricitat	noun	oci	excentricité	noun	fra
idiomatic	adjective	oci	idiomatique	adjective	fra
Pietrantonio	properNoun	oci	Pietrantonio	properNoun	fra
antagonisme	noun	oci	antagonisme	noun	fra
Pavarotti	properNoun	oci	Pavarotti	properNoun	fra
jusieu	noun	oci	juif	noun	fra
Elmaleh	properNoun	oci	Elmaleh	properNoun	fra
recapitalizacion	noun	oci	recapitalisation	noun	fra
afligit	adjective	oci	affligé	adjective	fra
façada	noun	oci	façade	noun	fra
plombièr	noun	oci	plombier	noun	fra
Parmar	properNoun	oci	Parmar	properNoun	fra
conservator	adjective	oci	conservateur	adjective	fra
capròsa	noun	oci	coquelicot	noun	fra
Ubeda	properNoun	oci	Ubeda	properNoun	fra
irresponsabilitat	noun	oci	irresponsabilité	noun	fra
Ermua	properNoun	oci	Ermua	properNoun	fra
Berezovskii	properNoun	oci	Berezovski	properNoun	fra
Bennett	properNoun	oci	Bennett	properNoun	fra
Mas i Ramon	properNoun	oci	Mas i Ramon	properNoun	fra
Chenel	properNoun	oci	Chenel	properNoun	fra
Candel	properNoun	oci	Candel	properNoun	fra
Muelas	properNoun	oci	Muelas	properNoun	fra
quebequés	adjective	oci	québécois	adjective	fra
lactic	adjective	oci	lactique	adjective	fra
menusariá	noun	oci	menuiserie	noun	fra
veto	noun	oci	véto	noun	fra
fidèu	noun	oci	fidèle	noun	fra
fidèu	noun	oci	vermicelle	noun	fra
civisme	noun	oci	civisme	noun	fra
decòr	noun	oci	décor	noun	fra
Fontseca	properNoun	oci	Fontseca	properNoun	fra
Dracula	properNoun	oci	Dracula	properNoun	fra
trajectòria	noun	oci	trajectoire	noun	fra
Salomó	properNoun	oci	Salomó	properNoun	fra
Soria	properNoun	oci	Soria	properNoun	fra
Wycliffe	properNoun	oci	Wycliffe	properNoun	fra
Tatarella	properNoun	oci	Tatarella	properNoun	fra
Floyd	properNoun	oci	Floyd	properNoun	fra
Dompierre	properNoun	oci	Dompierre	properNoun	fra
suspècte	adjective	oci	suspect	adjective	fra
suspècte	adjective	oci	louche	adjective	fra
curat	adjective	oci	curé	adjective	fra
balustrada	noun	oci	balustrade	noun	fra
balustrada	noun	oci	rambarde	noun	fra
decembre	noun	oci	décembre	noun	fra
agil	adjective	oci	agile	adjective	fra
otra	preposition	oci	outre	preposition	fra
vibrafòn	noun	oci	vibraphone	noun	fra
bordièr	noun	oci	fermier	noun	fra
riusset	noun	oci	ruisselet	noun	fra
Prestigiacomo	properNoun	oci	Prestigiacomo	properNoun	fra
angoissar	verb	oci	angoisser	verb	fra
Adell	properNoun	oci	Adell	properNoun	fra
sudamerican	adjective	oci	sud-américain	adjective	fra
tremolar	verb	oci	trembler	verb	fra
Marsillo	properNoun	oci	Marsillo	properNoun	fra
medalhar	verb	oci	médailler	verb	fra
Bles	properNoun	oci	Blois	properNoun	fra
Lalande	properNoun	oci	Lalande	properNoun	fra
sofrar	verb	oci	soufrer	verb	fra
argilós	adjective	oci	argileux	adjective	fra
Marchand	properNoun	oci	Marchand	properNoun	fra
sufisentament	adverb	oci	suffisamment	adverb	fra
Darby	properNoun	oci	Darby	properNoun	fra
Barbier	properNoun	oci	Barbier	properNoun	fra
Harvie	properNoun	oci	Harvie	properNoun	fra
Motta	properNoun	oci	Motta	properNoun	fra
Patrick	properNoun	oci	Patrick	properNoun	fra
notar	verb	oci	remarquer	verb	fra
Monrós	properNoun	oci	Monrós	properNoun	fra
Tendero	properNoun	oci	Tendero	properNoun	fra
Manningham	properNoun	oci	Manningham	properNoun	fra
Bardem	properNoun	oci	Bardem	properNoun	fra
Apollon	properNoun	oci	Apollon	properNoun	fra
Longoria	properNoun	oci	Longoria	properNoun	fra
Caparros	properNoun	oci	Caparros	properNoun	fra
aprobacion	noun	oci	approbation	noun	fra
Greenaway	properNoun	oci	Greenaway	properNoun	fra
inalar	verb	oci	inhaler	verb	fra
Sílvia	properNoun	oci	Sylvie	properNoun	fra
Sílvia	properNoun	oci	Sílvia	properNoun	fra
porteria	noun	oci	loge	noun	fra
Lebourdais	properNoun	oci	Lebourdais	properNoun	fra
emparar	verb	oci	protéger	verb	fra
Rudd	properNoun	oci	Rudd	properNoun	fra
Senegal	properNoun	oci	Sénégal	properNoun	fra
anullatiu	adjective	oci	annulatif	adjective	fra
papat	noun	oci	papauté	noun	fra
lestament	adverb	oci	promptement	adverb	fra
lestament	adverb	oci	rapidement	adverb	fra
lestament	adverb	oci	vite	adverb	fra
Gas	properNoun	oci	Gas	properNoun	fra
Felice	properNoun	oci	Felice	properNoun	fra
Zhukov	properNoun	oci	Joukov	properNoun	fra
macrofag	noun	oci	macrophage	noun	fra
abonar	verb	oci	régler	verb	fra
abonar	verb	oci	abonner	verb	fra
sautar	verb	oci	sauter	verb	fra
sautar	verb	oci	bondir	verb	fra
polietilèn	noun	oci	polyéthylène	noun	fra
tard	adverb	oci	tard	adverb	fra
acaçar	verb	oci	harceler	verb	fra
ofrenda	noun	oci	offrande	noun	fra
oblidós	adjective	oci	oublieux	adjective	fra
occitan	adjective	oci	occitan	adjective	fra
primejaire	adjective	oci	méticuleux	adjective	fra
imprudéncia	noun	oci	imprudence	noun	fra
EPR	noun	oci	EPR	noun	fra
argelat	noun	oci	ajonc	noun	fra
zigazaga	noun	oci	zigzag	noun	fra
Picola	properNoun	oci	Picola	properNoun	fra
afichatge	noun	oci	affichage	noun	fra
anion	noun	oci	anion	noun	fra
anhelatge	noun	oci	agnelage	noun	fra
nivolina	noun	oci	buée	noun	fra
dinamomètre	noun	oci	dynamomètre	noun	fra
dau fach que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	du fait que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Keating	properNoun	oci	Keating	properNoun	fra
mandarina	noun	oci	mandarine	noun	fra
Hannover	properNoun	oci	Hanovre	properNoun	fra
reassegurança	noun	oci	réassurance	noun	fra
fermentacion	noun	oci	fermentation	noun	fra
Valls	properNoun	oci	Valls	properNoun	fra
Acebo	properNoun	oci	Acebo	properNoun	fra
requectar	verb	oci	percevoir	verb	fra
requectar	verb	oci	collecter	verb	fra
Fábregues	properNoun	oci	Fábregues	properNoun	fra
amenitat	noun	oci	aménité	noun	fra
marra	noun	oci	binette	noun	fra
pichòt	noun	oci	petit	noun	fra
pichòt	noun	oci	enfant	noun	fra
espós	noun	oci	époux	noun	fra
ludic	adjective	oci	ludique	adjective	fra
Raphaël	properNoun	oci	Raphaël	properNoun	fra
degun	pronoun	oci	personne	pronoun	fra
forqueta	noun	oci	fourchette	noun	fra
Zambrana	properNoun	oci	Zambrana	properNoun	fra
Tourangeau	properNoun	oci	Tourangeau	properNoun	fra
retrasença	noun	oci	ressemblance	noun	fra
Marga	properNoun	oci	Manche	properNoun	fra
catalòg	noun	oci	catalogue	noun	fra
impotent	adjective	oci	impuissant	adjective	fra
misantropic	adjective	oci	misanthropique	adjective	fra
Dupont-Aignan	properNoun	oci	Dupont-Aignan	properNoun	fra
Arsuaga	properNoun	oci	Arsuaga	properNoun	fra
Humet	properNoun	oci	Humet	properNoun	fra
abric	noun	oci	abri	noun	fra
abric	noun	oci	manteau	noun	fra
Pal	properNoun	oci	Pal	properNoun	fra
pichòt	adjective	oci	petit	adjective	fra
reformulacion	noun	oci	reformulation	noun	fra
salubritat	noun	oci	salubrité	noun	fra
Timothy	properNoun	oci	Timothy	properNoun	fra
viòla	noun	oci	alto	noun	fra
Letarte	properNoun	oci	Letarte	properNoun	fra
Rosalia	properNoun	oci	Rosalia	properNoun	fra
renviar	verb	oci	renvoyer	verb	fra
Nesbitt	properNoun	oci	Nesbitt	properNoun	fra
solèr	noun	oci	étage	noun	fra
solèr	noun	oci	sol	noun	fra
solèr	noun	oci	niveau	noun	fra
elisian	adjective	oci	élyséen	adjective	fra
Héon	properNoun	oci	Héon	properNoun	fra
Bui	properNoun	oci	Bui	properNoun	fra
Fornaguera	properNoun	oci	Fornaguera	properNoun	fra
repatriacion	noun	oci	rapatriement	noun	fra
dintrar	verb	oci	entrer	verb	fra
magazin	noun	oci	magasin	noun	fra
Torrico	properNoun	oci	Torrico	properNoun	fra
estrambordat	adjective	oci	enthousiaste	adjective	fra
culturalisme	noun	oci	culturalisme	noun	fra
inventoriar	verb	oci	inventorier	verb	fra
refar	verb	oci	refaire	verb	fra
Malik	properNoun	oci	Malik	properNoun	fra
von Kuhn	properNoun	oci	von Kuhn	properNoun	fra
Vivanco	properNoun	oci	Vivanco	properNoun	fra
fragilizar	verb	oci	fragiliser	verb	fra
Kanapathipillai	properNoun	oci	Kanapathipillai	properNoun	fra
notorietat	noun	oci	notoriété	noun	fra
Leonard	properNoun	oci	Leonard	properNoun	fra
armonizar	verb	oci	harmoniser	verb	fra
imbresable	adjective	oci	infrangible	adjective	fra
simplificacion	noun	oci	simplification	noun	fra
petrolièr	adjective	oci	pétrolier	adjective	fra
sud-corean	noun	oci	Sud-Coréen	noun	fra
talhaire	noun	oci	banquier	noun	fra
Armijos	properNoun	oci	Armijos	properNoun	fra
almens	adverb	oci	au moins	adverb	fra
almens	adverb	oci	du moins	adverb	fra
Teresa	properNoun	oci	Thérèse	properNoun	fra
Teresa	properNoun	oci	Teresa	properNoun	fra
tretzen	adjective	oci	treizième	adjective	fra
Alfaro	properNoun	oci	Alfaro	properNoun	fra
relaxacion	noun	oci	relaxation	noun	fra
adretia	noun	oci	dextérité	noun	fra
Sorozabal	properNoun	oci	Sorozabal	properNoun	fra
Arielle	properNoun	oci	Arielle	properNoun	fra
Leibniz	properNoun	oci	Leibniz	properNoun	fra
melancolia	noun	oci	mélancolie	noun	fra
pilhar	verb	oci	piller	verb	fra
ferrós	adjective	oci	ferreux	adjective	fra
Johan	properNoun	oci	Johan	properNoun	fra
diacritic	adjective	oci	diacritique	adjective	fra
Surinam	properNoun	oci	Suriname	properNoun	fra
Surinam	properNoun	oci	Surinam	properNoun	fra
Daragon	properNoun	oci	Daragon	properNoun	fra
afadiment	noun	oci	affadissement	noun	fra
Herron	properNoun	oci	Herron	properNoun	fra
exorcista	noun	oci	exorciste	noun	fra
Frégeau	properNoun	oci	Frégeau	properNoun	fra
McDonald	properNoun	oci	McDonald	properNoun	fra
Beltran	properNoun	oci	Beltran	properNoun	fra
Bonastre	properNoun	oci	Bonastre	properNoun	fra
Iztueta	properNoun	oci	Iztueta	properNoun	fra
Sirard	properNoun	oci	Sirard	properNoun	fra
indetectable	adjective	oci	indétectable	adjective	fra
Vivier	properNoun	oci	Vivier	properNoun	fra
naturalisme	noun	oci	naturalisme	noun	fra
bloca	noun	oci	boucle	noun	fra
abit	noun	oci	habit	noun	fra
colcat	adjective	oci	couché	adjective	fra
DiFranco	properNoun	oci	DiFranco	properNoun	fra
precòç	adjective	oci	précoce	adjective	fra
Burgués	properNoun	oci	Burgués	properNoun	fra
Mazòvia	properNoun	oci	Mazovie	properNoun	fra
seleccion	noun	oci	sélection	noun	fra
AGE	noun	oci	AGE	noun	fra
Orphanos	properNoun	oci	Orphanos	properNoun	fra
Paule	properNoun	oci	Paule	properNoun	fra
granulós	adjective	oci	granuleux	adjective	fra
Romeva	properNoun	oci	Romeva	properNoun	fra
desarmar	verb	oci	désarmer	verb	fra
Todd	properNoun	oci	Todd	properNoun	fra
impertinent	adjective	oci	impertinent	adjective	fra
sentimentalament	adverb	oci	sentimentalement	adverb	fra
salme	noun	oci	psaume	noun	fra
Puigvert	properNoun	oci	Puigvert	properNoun	fra
Dzaodzi	properNoun	oci	Dzaoudzi	properNoun	fra
preliminar	adjective	oci	préliminaire	adjective	fra
entomologia	noun	oci	entomologie	noun	fra
Osborne	properNoun	oci	Osborne	properNoun	fra
raubar	verb	oci	dérober	verb	fra
raubar	verb	oci	voler	verb	fra
formic	adjective	oci	formique	adjective	fra
Halima	properNoun	oci	Halima	properNoun	fra
Beauvillier	properNoun	oci	Beauvillier	properNoun	fra
fonhariá	noun	oci	bouderie	noun	fra
Ezeizabarrena	properNoun	oci	Ezeizabarrena	properNoun	fra
organizaire	noun	oci	organisateur	noun	fra
representar	verb	oci	représenter	verb	fra
Vreni	properNoun	oci	Vreni	properNoun	fra
posaranca	noun	oci	noria	noun	fra
milhòca	noun	oci	sorgho	noun	fra
Zubieta	properNoun	oci	Zubieta	properNoun	fra
Naylor	properNoun	oci	Naylor	properNoun	fra
encaminar	verb	oci	acheminer	verb	fra
de còps que i a	adverb	oci	parfois	adverb	fra
Panetta	properNoun	oci	Panetta	properNoun	fra
Senneville	properNoun	oci	Senneville	properNoun	fra
Bourret	properNoun	oci	Bourret	properNoun	fra
Schmid	properNoun	oci	Schmid	properNoun	fra
semifinala	noun	oci	demi-finale	noun	fra
al costat	adverb	oci	à côté	adverb	fra
numerizacion	noun	oci	numérisation	noun	fra
numerizacion	noun	oci	digitalisation	noun	fra
Reverté	properNoun	oci	Reverté	properNoun	fra
assedat	adjective	oci	assoiffé	adjective	fra
Mónica	properNoun	oci	Mónica	properNoun	fra
equivòc	noun	oci	équivoque	noun	fra
colzat	noun	oci	colza	noun	fra
aeromancia	noun	oci	aéromancie	noun	fra
rascàs	adjective	oci	radin	adjective	fra
retrocedir	verb	oci	reculer	verb	fra
retrocedir	verb	oci	rétrocéder	verb	fra
retrocedir	verb	oci	reculer de	verb	fra
argent	noun	oci	argent	noun	fra
gijorlier	noun	oci	jujubier	noun	fra
de los Santos	properNoun	oci	de los Santos	properNoun	fra
Manel	properNoun	oci	Manel	properNoun	fra
Egipte	properNoun	oci	Égypte	properNoun	fra
Candau	properNoun	oci	Candau	properNoun	fra
Termes	properNoun	oci	Termes	properNoun	fra
Agramunt	properNoun	oci	Agramunt	properNoun	fra
antepausat	adjective	oci	antéposé	adjective	fra
longor	noun	oci	durée	noun	fra
longor	noun	oci	longueur	noun	fra
auditiu	adjective	oci	auditif	adjective	fra
conferencièr	noun	oci	conférencier	noun	fra
Xiaoping	properNoun	oci	Xiaoping	properNoun	fra
ministre	noun	oci	ministre	noun	fra
faròt	adjective	oci	faraud	adjective	fra
Laverdière	properNoun	oci	Laverdière	properNoun	fra
sèrp	noun	oci	serpent	noun	fra
òrt	noun	oci	verger	noun	fra
òrt	noun	oci	potager	noun	fra
jutge	noun	oci	juge	noun	fra
rotor	noun	oci	rotor	noun	fra
caqui	noun	oci	kaki	noun	fra
fiscalitat	noun	oci	fiscalité	noun	fra
Kampala	properNoun	oci	Kampala	properNoun	fra
Brathwaite	properNoun	oci	Brathwaite	properNoun	fra
imprevist	adjective	oci	imprévu	adjective	fra
limfocit	noun	oci	lymphocyte	noun	fra
incursion	noun	oci	descente	noun	fra
incursion	noun	oci	incursion	noun	fra
incursion	noun	oci	raid	noun	fra
Servi	properNoun	oci	Servi	properNoun	fra
polícia	noun	oci	police	noun	fra
projector	noun	oci	projecteur	noun	fra
Renee	properNoun	oci	Renee	properNoun	fra
Acin	properNoun	oci	Acin	properNoun	fra
bòrni	noun	oci	borgne	noun	fra
langosta	noun	oci	sauterelle	noun	fra
brutalitat	noun	oci	brutalité	noun	fra
dalha	noun	oci	faux	noun	fra
altermondialisme	noun	oci	altermondialisme	noun	fra
Solana	properNoun	oci	Solana	properNoun	fra
mercé a	preposition	oci	grâce à	preposition	fra
trebuc	noun	oci	obstacle	noun	fra
Viau	properNoun	oci	Viau	properNoun	fra
68n	adjective	oci	68ème	adjective	fra
descongestionar	verb	oci	décongestionner	verb	fra
illas de Pitcairn	properNoun	oci	îles Pitcairn	properNoun	fra
Antoni	properNoun	oci	Antoni	properNoun	fra
Molins	properNoun	oci	Molins	properNoun	fra
Verreault	properNoun	oci	Verreault	properNoun	fra
Frenza	properNoun	oci	Frenza	properNoun	fra
Bertolucci	properNoun	oci	Bertolucci	properNoun	fra
ferrolhar	verb	oci	verrouiller	verb	fra
Pocurull	properNoun	oci	Pocurull	properNoun	fra
jonhent	noun	oci	confluent	noun	fra
a rescondons	adverb	oci	en cachette	adverb	fra
dl	noun	oci	dl	noun	fra
savoiard	adjective	oci	savoyard	adjective	fra
Capello	properNoun	oci	Capello	properNoun	fra
Pernia	properNoun	oci	Pernia	properNoun	fra
Bain	properNoun	oci	Bain	properNoun	fra
Quintanal	properNoun	oci	Quintanal	properNoun	fra
urbanizacion	noun	oci	urbanisation	noun	fra
examèn	noun	oci	examen	noun	fra
Janelle	properNoun	oci	Janelle	properNoun	fra
atrapar	verb	oci	attraper	verb	fra
Berral	properNoun	oci	Berral	properNoun	fra
Leroy	properNoun	oci	Leroy	properNoun	fra
joventut	noun	oci	jeunesse	noun	fra
rotonditat	noun	oci	rotondité	noun	fra
Llano	properNoun	oci	Llano	properNoun	fra
elita	noun	oci	élite	noun	fra
audèth	noun	oci	oiseau	noun	fra
Comtat Venaicin	properNoun	oci	Comtat Venaissin	properNoun	fra
besonh	noun	oci	besoin	noun	fra
derivable	adjective	oci	dérivable	adjective	fra
Valenzuela	properNoun	oci	Valenzuela	properNoun	fra
teutonic	adjective	oci	teutonique	adjective	fra
iniciat	adjective	oci	initié	adjective	fra
grais	noun	oci	graisse	noun	fra
Belbel	properNoun	oci	Belbel	properNoun	fra
filatura	noun	oci	filature	noun	fra
Lovelace	properNoun	oci	Lovelace	properNoun	fra
rapidament	adverb	oci	rapidement	adverb	fra
monilh	noun	oci	nombril	noun	fra
castanhièr	noun	oci	châtaignier	noun	fra
motò	noun	oci	moto	noun	fra
giroscòpi	noun	oci	gyroscope	noun	fra
Anton	properNoun	oci	Anton	properNoun	fra
tongian	adjective	oci	tongien	adjective	fra
parada	noun	oci	parade	noun	fra
magnat	noun	oci	magnat	noun	fra
Chatillon	properNoun	oci	Chatillon	properNoun	fra
Cacas	properNoun	oci	Cacas	properNoun	fra
VI	numeral	oci	VIème	adjective	fra
VI	numeral	oci	VI	numeral	fra
VI	numeral	oci	VIe	adjective	fra
membre	noun	oci	membre	noun	fra
afectat	adjective	oci	mièvre	adjective	fra
afectat	adjective	oci	affecté	adjective	fra
DOM	noun	oci	DOM	noun	fra
Barrera	properNoun	oci	Barrera	properNoun	fra
pilòta	noun	oci	balle	noun	fra
telespectator	noun	oci	téléspectateur	noun	fra
refractari	adjective	oci	réfractaire	adjective	fra
corrècte	adjective	oci	correct	adjective	fra
preservar	verb	oci	préserver	verb	fra
metafonia	noun	oci	métaphonie	noun	fra
Bamm	properNoun	oci	Bamm	properNoun	fra
soldat	noun	oci	soldat	noun	fra
riban	noun	oci	ruban	noun	fra
Cristòl	properNoun	oci	Christophe	properNoun	fra
Cristòl	properNoun	oci	Cristòl	properNoun	fra
Clara de Asís	properNoun	oci	Clara de Asís	properNoun	fra
Medel	properNoun	oci	Medel	properNoun	fra
Geddes	properNoun	oci	Geddes	properNoun	fra
estimat	adjective	oci	cher	adjective	fra
proporcionat	adjective	oci	proportionné	adjective	fra
dissuasiu	adjective	oci	dissuasif	adjective	fra
adjuracion	noun	oci	adjuration	noun	fra
portabilitat	noun	oci	portabilité	noun	fra
Ballabriga	properNoun	oci	Ballabriga	properNoun	fra
von Alvensleben	properNoun	oci	von Alvensleben	properNoun	fra
Girbau	properNoun	oci	Girbau	properNoun	fra
Crimèa	properNoun	oci	Crimée	properNoun	fra
cunhat	noun	oci	beau-frère	noun	fra
Angelica	properNoun	oci	Angelica	properNoun	fra
relevar	verb	oci	relever	verb	fra
Gurpegui	properNoun	oci	Gurpegui	properNoun	fra
méter	verb	oci	mettre	verb	fra
mailèu	adverb	oci	plutôt	adverb	fra
assagista	noun	oci	essayiste	noun	fra
Linda	properNoun	oci	Linda	properNoun	fra
excedent	noun	oci	excédant	noun	fra
excedent	noun	oci	excédent	noun	fra
abominablament	adverb	oci	abominablement	adverb	fra
Muralitharan	properNoun	oci	Muralitharan	properNoun	fra
vulcanizar	verb	oci	vulcaniser	verb	fra
comentator	noun	oci	commentateur	noun	fra
Hodgins	properNoun	oci	Hodgins	properNoun	fra
pè	noun	oci	pied	noun	fra
cromosòma	noun	oci	chromosome	noun	fra
Torrell	properNoun	oci	Torrell	properNoun	fra
anonim	adjective	oci	anonyme	adjective	fra
cauma	noun	oci	grève	noun	fra
trebolar	verb	oci	bouleverser	verb	fra
longmetratge	noun	oci	long-métrage	noun	fra
Margry	properNoun	oci	Margry	properNoun	fra
lèstament	adverb	oci	promptement	adverb	fra
lèstament	adverb	oci	vite	adverb	fra
lèstament	adverb	oci	rapidement	adverb	fra
Gasset	properNoun	oci	Gasset	properNoun	fra
collision	noun	oci	collision	noun	fra
diccionari	noun	oci	dictionnaire	noun	fra
AI	noun	oci	AI	noun	fra
onorific	adjective	oci	honorifique	adjective	fra
ansin coma	subordinatingConjunction	oci	ainsi que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Paterson	properNoun	oci	Paterson	properNoun	fra
Harris	properNoun	oci	Harris	properNoun	fra
Ginchereau	properNoun	oci	Ginchereau	properNoun	fra
aventura	noun	oci	aventure	noun	fra
disfoncionament	noun	oci	dysfonctionnement	noun	fra
disfoncionament	noun	oci	duvet	noun	fra
alachament	noun	oci	allaitement	noun	fra
Barroso	properNoun	oci	Barroso	properNoun	fra
en çò que hè a	preposition	oci	quant à	preposition	fra
en çò que hè a	preposition	oci	par rapport à	preposition	fra
en çò que hè a	preposition	oci	pour ce qui est de	preposition	fra
Iris	properNoun	oci	Iris	properNoun	fra
Dacruz	properNoun	oci	Dacruz	properNoun	fra
asteroïde	noun	oci	astéroïde	noun	fra
Desrivières	properNoun	oci	Desrivières	properNoun	fra
Mari	properNoun	oci	Mari	properNoun	fra
maridat	adjective	oci	marié	adjective	fra
acordar	verb	oci	convenir	verb	fra
acordar	verb	oci	accorder	verb	fra
acordar	verb	oci	fiancer	verb	fra
guardar	verb	oci	garder	verb	fra
examinacion	noun	oci	examination	noun	fra
Justiniano	properNoun	oci	Justiniano	properNoun	fra
Chillida	properNoun	oci	Chillida	properNoun	fra
Brunei	properNoun	oci	Brunei	properNoun	fra
decimar	verb	oci	décimer	verb	fra
imaginacion	noun	oci	imagination	noun	fra
Marcé	properNoun	oci	Marcé	properNoun	fra
idrofug	adjective	oci	hydrofuge	adjective	fra
Chayer	properNoun	oci	Chayer	properNoun	fra
Tallon	properNoun	oci	Tallon	properNoun	fra
Alban	properNoun	oci	Alban	properNoun	fra
ovoïde	adjective	oci	ovoïde	adjective	fra
al contrari	adverb	oci	au contraire	adverb	fra
Siconnelly	properNoun	oci	Siconnelly	properNoun	fra
regionalizacion	noun	oci	régionalisation	noun	fra
penetratiu	adjective	oci	pénétratif	adjective	fra
coqueron	noun	oci	arum	noun	fra
Vadillo	properNoun	oci	Vadillo	properNoun	fra
palaiga	noun	oci	sole	noun	fra
Carette	properNoun	oci	Carette	properNoun	fra
ipotermia	noun	oci	hypothermie	noun	fra
Washington	properNoun	oci	Washington Post	properNoun	fra
Washington	properNoun	oci	Washington	properNoun	fra
Alexa	properNoun	oci	Alexa	properNoun	fra
carba	noun	oci	anse	noun	fra
forfet	noun	oci	payement	noun	fra
Gabilondo	properNoun	oci	Gabilondo	properNoun	fra
Tailly	properNoun	oci	Tailly	properNoun	fra
Domènec	properNoun	oci	Domènec	properNoun	fra
xenofòb	adjective	oci	xénophobe	adjective	fra
malcontent	adjective	oci	mécontent	adjective	fra
Chrysler	properNoun	oci	Chrysler	properNoun	fra
aerodinamica	noun	oci	aérodynamique	noun	fra
chequièr	noun	oci	chéquier	noun	fra
frugivòr	noun	oci	frugivore	noun	fra
Semion	properNoun	oci	Semion	properNoun	fra
cocombre	noun	oci	concombre	noun	fra
inductància	noun	oci	inductance	noun	fra
destin	noun	oci	destin	noun	fra
Alceste	properNoun	oci	Alceste	properNoun	fra
Ruf	properNoun	oci	Ruf	properNoun	fra
Espelt	properNoun	oci	Espelt	properNoun	fra
preventiu	adjective	oci	préventif	adjective	fra
infamia	noun	oci	infamie	noun	fra
srilankés	noun	oci	Srilankais	noun	fra
genealogia	noun	oci	généalogie	noun	fra
carbonat	noun	oci	carbonate	noun	fra
Ariel Sharon	properNoun	oci	Ariel Sharon	properNoun	fra
cacografia	noun	oci	cacographie	noun	fra
Vatlles	properNoun	oci	Vatlles	properNoun	fra
Atienza	properNoun	oci	Atienza	properNoun	fra
turbina	noun	oci	turbine	noun	fra
Gertrude	properNoun	oci	Gertrude	properNoun	fra
densitat	noun	oci	densité	noun	fra
tipe	noun	oci	type	noun	fra
tipe	noun	oci	mec	noun	fra
posicionar	verb	oci	positionner	verb	fra
putrefaccion	noun	oci	putréfaction	noun	fra
senténcia	noun	oci	sentence	noun	fra
praxeologia	noun	oci	praxéologie	noun	fra
ingredient	noun	oci	ingrédient	noun	fra
recrudescéncia	noun	oci	recrudescence	noun	fra
Dechamplain	properNoun	oci	Dechamplain	properNoun	fra
von Meyenfeldt	properNoun	oci	von Meyenfeldt	properNoun	fra
Hawkins	properNoun	oci	Hawkins	properNoun	fra
White	properNoun	oci	White	properNoun	fra
mocader	noun	oci	mouchoir	noun	fra
concertacion	noun	oci	concertation	noun	fra
apostar	verb	oci	miser	verb	fra
apostar	verb	oci	parier	verb	fra
von Denta	properNoun	oci	von Denta	properNoun	fra
normalitat	noun	oci	normalité	noun	fra
Virgili	properNoun	oci	Virgili	properNoun	fra
Molinari	properNoun	oci	Molinari	properNoun	fra
desinibir	verb	oci	désinhiber	verb	fra
aragonés	adjective	oci	aragonais	adjective	fra
adulterar	verb	oci	adultérer	verb	fra
planejament	noun	oci	exposé	noun	fra
Aurelio	properNoun	oci	Aurelio	properNoun	fra
Ibarz	properNoun	oci	Ibarz	properNoun	fra
Willow	properNoun	oci	Willow	properNoun	fra
gelatina	noun	oci	gélatine	noun	fra
sai que	adverb	oci	sans doute	adverb	fra
Atila	properNoun	oci	Attila	properNoun	fra
Bascon	properNoun	oci	Bascon	properNoun	fra
33n	adjective	oci	33ème	adjective	fra
Courcelles	properNoun	oci	Courcelles	properNoun	fra
Ferrándiz	properNoun	oci	Ferrándiz	properNoun	fra
Ponsoda	properNoun	oci	Ponsoda	properNoun	fra
IES	properNoun	oci	IES	properNoun	fra
Moussette	properNoun	oci	Moussette	properNoun	fra
Gadget	properNoun	oci	Gadget	properNoun	fra
distribuïr	verb	oci	distribuer	verb	fra
Ernest	properNoun	oci	Ernest	properNoun	fra
Sheila	properNoun	oci	Sheila	properNoun	fra
Caròla	properNoun	oci	Caròla	properNoun	fra
Caròla	properNoun	oci	Carole	properNoun	fra
gacha	noun	oci	guet	noun	fra
gacha	noun	oci	agace	noun	fra
nautor	noun	oci	hauteur	noun	fra
aisat	adjective	oci	aisé	adjective	fra
Aurélie	properNoun	oci	Aurélie	properNoun	fra
financièr	adjective	oci	financier	adjective	fra
Dunn	properNoun	oci	Dunn	properNoun	fra
rendabilitat	noun	oci	rentabilité	noun	fra
dialogic	adjective	oci	dialogique	adjective	fra
espardelha	noun	oci	espadrille	noun	fra
Pedrosa	properNoun	oci	Pedrosa	properNoun	fra
tramitar	verb	oci	étudier	verb	fra
deductiu	adjective	oci	déductif	adjective	fra
seissantena	noun	oci	soixantaine	noun	fra
asturian	adjective	oci	asturien	adjective	fra
Cánovas	properNoun	oci	Cánovas	properNoun	fra
Royal	properNoun	oci	Royal	properNoun	fra
pel	noun	oci	poil	noun	fra
pel	noun	oci	cheveu	noun	fra
Arola	properNoun	oci	Arola	properNoun	fra
Chopin	properNoun	oci	Chopin	properNoun	fra
Vaccaro	properNoun	oci	Vaccaro	properNoun	fra
Blanquez	properNoun	oci	Blanquez	properNoun	fra
Robredo	properNoun	oci	Robredo	properNoun	fra
Sauret	properNoun	oci	Sauret	properNoun	fra
Hénin	properNoun	oci	Hénin	properNoun	fra
alcaloïde	noun	oci	alcaloïde	noun	fra
Citroën	properNoun	oci	Citroën	properNoun	fra
Zaidi	properNoun	oci	Zaidi	properNoun	fra
Duras	properNoun	oci	Duras	properNoun	fra
popular	adjective	oci	populaire	adjective	fra
refeccion	noun	oci	réfraction	noun	fra
refeccion	noun	oci	réfection	noun	fra
Cayla	properNoun	oci	Cayla	properNoun	fra
Darwin	properNoun	oci	Darwin	properNoun	fra
Mudarra	properNoun	oci	Mudarra	properNoun	fra
marxista	noun	oci	marxiste	noun	fra
Bañuls	properNoun	oci	Bañuls	properNoun	fra
ghanés	adjective	oci	ghanéen	adjective	fra
manequin	noun	oci	mannequin	noun	fra
beluga	noun	oci	étincelle	noun	fra
monocròme	adjective	oci	monochrome	adjective	fra
Adams	properNoun	oci	Adams	properNoun	fra
Estañol	properNoun	oci	Estañol	properNoun	fra
Zen	properNoun	oci	Zen	properNoun	fra
Vitali	properNoun	oci	Vitali	properNoun	fra
Laura	properNoun	oci	Laure	properNoun	fra
Laura	properNoun	oci	Laura	properNoun	fra
afustatge	noun	oci	affûtage	noun	fra
aritmetic	adjective	oci	arithmétique	adjective	fra
Stefani	properNoun	oci	Stefani	properNoun	fra
intestin	noun	oci	intestin	noun	fra
Mijaran	properNoun	oci	Mijaran	properNoun	fra
potarra	noun	oci	babine	noun	fra
globilhon	noun	oci	globule	noun	fra
tatgic	noun	oci	tadjik	noun	fra
forrèl	noun	oci	fourreau	noun	fra
Winter	properNoun	oci	Winter	properNoun	fra
Niemeyer	properNoun	oci	Niemeyer	properNoun	fra
congestion	noun	oci	congestion	noun	fra
Sincennes	properNoun	oci	Sincennes	properNoun	fra
autosufisent	adjective	oci	autosuffisant	adjective	fra
Belart	properNoun	oci	Belart	properNoun	fra
Pardina	properNoun	oci	Pardina	properNoun	fra
adequat	adjective	oci	adéquat	adjective	fra
tecnician	noun	oci	technicien	noun	fra
Mercadal	properNoun	oci	Mercadal	properNoun	fra
rei	noun	oci	roi	noun	fra
Andalosia	properNoun	oci	Andalousie	properNoun	fra
Marchessault	properNoun	oci	Marchessault	properNoun	fra
barricadar	verb	oci	barricader	verb	fra
Shattler	properNoun	oci	Shattler	properNoun	fra
Artiga	properNoun	oci	Artiga	properNoun	fra
Renat	properNoun	oci	Renat	properNoun	fra
Angeles	properNoun	oci	Angeles	properNoun	fra
Alquezar	properNoun	oci	Alquezar	properNoun	fra
Earnhardt	properNoun	oci	Earnhardt	properNoun	fra
Bellerive	properNoun	oci	Bellerive	properNoun	fra
tela	noun	oci	toile	noun	fra
illustratiu	adjective	oci	illustratif	adjective	fra
connèxe	adjective	oci	connexe	adjective	fra
Río	properNoun	oci	Río	properNoun	fra
de las Heras	properNoun	oci	de las Heras	properNoun	fra
egalizar	verb	oci	faire match nul	verb	fra
egalizar	verb	oci	égaliser	verb	fra
Solanes	properNoun	oci	Solanes	properNoun	fra
figuratiu	adjective	oci	figuratif	adjective	fra
Pachón	properNoun	oci	Pachón	properNoun	fra
plòure	verb	oci	pleuvoir	verb	fra
parador	noun	oci	parador	noun	fra
jordanian	noun	oci	Jordanien	noun	fra
estuc	noun	oci	stuc	noun	fra
bahamean	noun	oci	Bahaméen	noun	fra
fenir	verb	oci	finir	verb	fra
fenir	verb	oci	achever	verb	fra
Marisa	properNoun	oci	Marisa	properNoun	fra
Bernardo	properNoun	oci	Bernardo	properNoun	fra
manièra	noun	oci	manière	noun	fra
manièra	noun	oci	façon	noun	fra
barralièr	noun	oci	tonnelier	noun	fra
Piza	properNoun	oci	Piza	properNoun	fra
bulb	noun	oci	bulbe	noun	fra
insolacion	noun	oci	insolation	noun	fra
Azara	properNoun	oci	Azara	properNoun	fra
Play	properNoun	oci	Play	properNoun	fra
anilina	noun	oci	aniline	noun	fra
GPS	noun	oci	GPS	noun	fra
Angela Merkel	properNoun	oci	Angela Merkel	properNoun	fra
Escòcia	properNoun	oci	Écosse	properNoun	fra
Lamouche	properNoun	oci	Lamouche	properNoun	fra
encontrar	verb	oci	rencontrer	verb	fra
insubmersible	adjective	oci	insubmersible	adjective	fra
Mercier	properNoun	oci	Mercier	properNoun	fra
sotana	noun	oci	soutane	noun	fra
desesperat	adjective	oci	désespéré	adjective	fra
Noury	properNoun	oci	Noury	properNoun	fra
tibat	adjective	oci	repu	adjective	fra
Bogart	properNoun	oci	Bogart	properNoun	fra
sosténer	verb	oci	soutenir	verb	fra
vesedor	adjective	oci	voyant	adjective	fra
Rando	properNoun	oci	Rando	properNoun	fra
sarrasin	noun	oci	sarrasin	noun	fra
anglofòn	noun	oci	anglophone	noun	fra
cerièra	noun	oci	cerise	noun	fra
Maryse	properNoun	oci	Maryse	properNoun	fra
ongulat	adjective	oci	ongulé	adjective	fra
redinamizacion	noun	oci	redynamisation	noun	fra
bandièra	noun	oci	drapeau	noun	fra
bandièra	noun	oci	bannière	noun	fra
Cuthbert	properNoun	oci	Cuthbert	properNoun	fra
Joan Francés	properNoun	oci	Jean-François	properNoun	fra
Joan Francés	properNoun	oci	Joan Francés	properNoun	fra
The Sun	properNoun	oci	The Sun	properNoun	fra
maleta	noun	oci	mallette	noun	fra
maleta	noun	oci	valise	noun	fra
paragrafe	noun	oci	paragraphe	noun	fra
ressentiment	noun	oci	rancune	noun	fra
exibicionista	noun	oci	exhibitionniste	noun	fra
sondatge	noun	oci	sondage	noun	fra
Simona	properNoun	oci	Simona	properNoun	fra
impracticable	adjective	oci	impraticable	adjective	fra
pragués	noun	oci	Pragois	noun	fra
opacitat	noun	oci	opacité	noun	fra
neutralizar	verb	oci	neutraliser	verb	fra
O'Reilly	properNoun	oci	O'Reilly	properNoun	fra
Casabella	properNoun	oci	Casabella	properNoun	fra
Norton	properNoun	oci	Norton	properNoun	fra
çai contra	adverb	oci	ci-contre	adverb	fra
Macri	properNoun	oci	Macri	properNoun	fra
Valiquette	properNoun	oci	Valiquette	properNoun	fra
McIntyre	properNoun	oci	McIntyre	properNoun	fra
seissanta quatre	numeral	oci	soixante-quatre	numeral	fra
Tadeo	properNoun	oci	Tadeo	properNoun	fra
a l'encontra de	preposition	oci	à l'encontre de	preposition	fra
extrinsec	adjective	oci	extrinsèque	adjective	fra
consanguinitat	noun	oci	consanguinité	noun	fra
Carrizosa	properNoun	oci	Carrizosa	properNoun	fra
Melgarejo	properNoun	oci	Melgarejo	properNoun	fra
Jusèp	properNoun	oci	Jusèp	properNoun	fra
de Mingo	properNoun	oci	de Mingo	properNoun	fra
saliège	noun	oci	salsepareille	noun	fra
Abadías	properNoun	oci	Abadías	properNoun	fra
consular	adjective	oci	consulaire	adjective	fra
Natachequan	properNoun	oci	Natachequan	properNoun	fra
Marchante	properNoun	oci	Marchante	properNoun	fra
parcatge	noun	oci	parking	noun	fra
parcatge	noun	oci	stationnement	noun	fra
fau	noun	oci	hêtre	noun	fra
reinterpretacion	noun	oci	réinterprétation	noun	fra
punhada	noun	oci	poignée	noun	fra
escolan	adjective	oci	écolier	adjective	fra
anarcosindicalista	adjective	oci	anarchosyndicaliste	adjective	fra
anarcosindicalista	adjective	oci	anarcho-syndicaliste	adjective	fra
Valentí	properNoun	oci	Valentí	properNoun	fra
començança	noun	oci	commencement	noun	fra
enrasigar	verb	oci	enraciner	verb	fra
Rilke	properNoun	oci	Rilke	properNoun	fra
Sean	properNoun	oci	Sean	properNoun	fra
aclamar	verb	oci	acclamer	verb	fra
creatiu	adjective	oci	créatif	adjective	fra
ortocromatic	adjective	oci	orthochromatique	adjective	fra
ellenic	adjective	oci	hellénique	adjective	fra
Preciado	properNoun	oci	Preciado	properNoun	fra
de la Rosa	properNoun	oci	de la Rosa	properNoun	fra
aucir	verb	oci	assommer	verb	fra
aucir	verb	oci	tuer	verb	fra
Turull	properNoun	oci	Turull	properNoun	fra
lairadís	noun	oci	aboiement	noun	fra
Aginaga	properNoun	oci	Aginaga	properNoun	fra
Belém	properNoun	oci	Belém	properNoun	fra
recebut	noun	oci	reçu	noun	fra
Grifol	properNoun	oci	Grifol	properNoun	fra
Torrente	properNoun	oci	Torrente	properNoun	fra
iperonim	noun	oci	hyperonyme	noun	fra
eretisme	noun	oci	éréthisme	noun	fra
energia	noun	oci	énergie	noun	fra
cortcircuit	noun	oci	court-circuit	noun	fra
de Montespan	properNoun	oci	de Montespan	properNoun	fra
Letendre	properNoun	oci	Letendre	properNoun	fra
Arangüena	properNoun	oci	Arangüena	properNoun	fra
Haneef	properNoun	oci	Haneef	properNoun	fra
Vanegas	properNoun	oci	Vanegas	properNoun	fra
credit	noun	oci	crédit	noun	fra
Piemont	properNoun	oci	Piémont	properNoun	fra
coalicion	noun	oci	coalition	noun	fra
taulièr	noun	oci	stand	noun	fra
taulièr	noun	oci	établi	noun	fra
taulièr	noun	oci	comptoir	noun	fra
cartesianisme	noun	oci	cartésianisme	noun	fra
insolent	noun	oci	insolent	noun	fra
Vandal	properNoun	oci	Vandal	properNoun	fra
abstencionisme	noun	oci	abstentionnisme	noun	fra
nòu cents	numeral	oci	neuf-cent	numeral	fra
nòu cents	numeral	oci	neuf cent	numeral	fra
huelha	noun	oci	feuille	noun	fra
etnografia	noun	oci	ethnographie	noun	fra
elementari	adjective	oci	élémentaire	adjective	fra
confeccion	noun	oci	confection	noun	fra
Tura	properNoun	oci	Tura	properNoun	fra
ondulós	adjective	oci	onduleux	adjective	fra
Maciá	properNoun	oci	Maciá	properNoun	fra
Joan Pèire	properNoun	oci	Joan Pèire	properNoun	fra
Kwan	properNoun	oci	Kwan	properNoun	fra
confidencialitat	noun	oci	confidentialité	noun	fra
Pico	properNoun	oci	Pico	properNoun	fra
totòbra	noun	oci	factotum	noun	fra
caçaire	noun	oci	chasseur	noun	fra
Vilardell	properNoun	oci	Vilardell	properNoun	fra
coercitiu	adjective	oci	coercitif	adjective	fra
Adriá	properNoun	oci	Adriá	properNoun	fra
mobil	noun	oci	mobile	noun	fra
mobil	noun	oci	portable	noun	fra
Spooner	properNoun	oci	Spooner	properNoun	fra
consonància	noun	oci	consonance	noun	fra
recrompar	verb	oci	racheter	verb	fra
Robèrt	properNoun	oci	Robèrt	properNoun	fra
Cela	properNoun	oci	Cela	properNoun	fra
afavorir	verb	oci	avantager	verb	fra
afavorir	verb	oci	favoriser	verb	fra
Egurrola	properNoun	oci	Egurrola	properNoun	fra
Gabaldon	properNoun	oci	Gabaldon	properNoun	fra
Gironella	properNoun	oci	Gironella	properNoun	fra
utís	noun	oci	outil	noun	fra
albergar	verb	oci	héberger	verb	fra
del Pozo	properNoun	oci	del Pozo	properNoun	fra
pronóncia	noun	oci	prononciation	noun	fra
pronóncia	noun	oci	prononcé	noun	fra
Traoré	properNoun	oci	Traoré	properNoun	fra
Gourdeau	properNoun	oci	Gourdeau	properNoun	fra
Portugais	properNoun	oci	Portugais	properNoun	fra
Blondeau	properNoun	oci	Blondeau	properNoun	fra
von Weizsäcker	properNoun	oci	von Weizsäcker	properNoun	fra
mai o mens	adverb	oci	plus ou moins	adverb	fra
mai o mens	adverb	oci	environ	adverb	fra
Giard	properNoun	oci	Giard	properNoun	fra
Hamel	properNoun	oci	Hamel	properNoun	fra
tampar	verb	oci	fermer	verb	fra
ondejar	verb	oci	ondoyer	verb	fra
parentatge	noun	oci	parenté	noun	fra
Fiset	properNoun	oci	Fiset	properNoun	fra
Galeote	properNoun	oci	Galeote	properNoun	fra
Turbis	properNoun	oci	Turbis	properNoun	fra
segontes	subordinatingConjunction	oci	suivant que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
segontes	subordinatingConjunction	oci	d'après	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Goethe	properNoun	oci	Goethe	properNoun	fra
Mossadegh	properNoun	oci	Mossadegh	properNoun	fra
massacrar	verb	oci	massacrer	verb	fra
Giner	properNoun	oci	Giner	properNoun	fra
Saucedo	properNoun	oci	Saucedo	properNoun	fra
carburar	verb	oci	carburer	verb	fra
Belinchón	properNoun	oci	Belinchón	properNoun	fra
Devlin	properNoun	oci	Devlin	properNoun	fra
Whitney	properNoun	oci	Whitney	properNoun	fra
Honrubia	properNoun	oci	Honrubia	properNoun	fra
istoric	noun	oci	historique	noun	fra
acarnassit	noun	oci	acharné	noun	fra
Byrd	properNoun	oci	Byrd	properNoun	fra
recrutar	verb	oci	recruter	verb	fra
simetria	noun	oci	symétrie	noun	fra
Arráez	properNoun	oci	Arráez	properNoun	fra
Sarault	properNoun	oci	Sarault	properNoun	fra
Michaela	properNoun	oci	Michaela	properNoun	fra
anacolut	noun	oci	anacoluthe	noun	fra
McGovern	properNoun	oci	McGovern	properNoun	fra
savoiard	noun	oci	savoyard	noun	fra
equatorian	noun	oci	Équatorien	noun	fra
Ly	properNoun	oci	Ly	properNoun	fra
atentivament	adverb	oci	attentivement	adverb	fra
Butragueño	properNoun	oci	Butragueño	properNoun	fra
mascadura	noun	oci	viande	noun	fra
mascadura	noun	oci	chair	noun	fra
Orteu	properNoun	oci	Orteu	properNoun	fra
abiletat	noun	oci	habileté	noun	fra
abiletat	noun	oci	habilité	noun	fra
Tania	properNoun	oci	Tania	properNoun	fra
Borg de Bressa	properNoun	oci	Bourg-en-Bresse	properNoun	fra
baloard	noun	oci	rempart	noun	fra
baloard	noun	oci	boulevard	noun	fra
Lecompte	properNoun	oci	Lecompte	properNoun	fra
Mendizabal	properNoun	oci	Mendizabal	properNoun	fra
Waterhouse	properNoun	oci	Waterhouse	properNoun	fra
nan	noun	oci	nain	noun	fra
Cammaroto	properNoun	oci	Cammaroto	properNoun	fra
Sweeney	properNoun	oci	Sweeney	properNoun	fra
endormidoira	noun	oci	somnifère	noun	fra
coprincessa	noun	oci	coprince	noun	fra
coprincessa	noun	oci	co-prince	noun	fra
amban	noun	oci	auvent	noun	fra
entad açò qu'ei a	preposition	oci	pour ce qui est de	preposition	fra
entad açò qu'ei a	preposition	oci	par rapport à	preposition	fra
entad açò qu'ei a	preposition	oci	quant à	preposition	fra
Savòia	properNoun	oci	Savoie	properNoun	fra
guitèra	noun	oci	paresse	noun	fra
Lasagabaster	properNoun	oci	Lasagabaster	properNoun	fra
Balcani	properNoun	oci	Balcani	properNoun	fra
dent	noun	oci	dent	noun	fra
Derosby	properNoun	oci	Derosby	properNoun	fra
Dàvid	properNoun	oci	David	properNoun	fra
Dàvid	properNoun	oci	Dàvid	properNoun	fra
Queralto	properNoun	oci	Queralto	properNoun	fra
Pedrajas	properNoun	oci	Pedrajas	properNoun	fra
McCann	properNoun	oci	McCann	properNoun	fra
ressèga	noun	oci	sciure	noun	fra
balisa	noun	oci	balise	noun	fra
constar	verb	oci	figurer	verb	fra
eudemonisme	noun	oci	eudémonisme	noun	fra
mólzer	verb	oci	traire	verb	fra
Gaston	properNoun	oci	Gaston	properNoun	fra
comitè	noun	oci	comité	noun	fra
Grosclaude	properNoun	oci	Grosclaude	properNoun	fra
detenir	verb	oci	détenir	verb	fra
Alexia	properNoun	oci	Alexia	properNoun	fra
desliurança	noun	oci	délivrance	noun	fra
coreograf	noun	oci	chorégraphe	noun	fra
fraire	adjective	oci	frère	adjective	fra
un chic mens de	preposition	oci	un peu moins de	preposition	fra
catòrze	numeral	oci	quatòrze	numeral	fra
catòrze	numeral	oci	quatorze	numeral	fra
Sylvaine	properNoun	oci	Sylvaine	properNoun	fra
particularitat	noun	oci	particularité	noun	fra
atomizar	verb	oci	atomiser	verb	fra
taupa	noun	oci	taupe	noun	fra
simulador	noun	oci	simulateur	noun	fra
Jordi	properNoun	oci	Jordi	properNoun	fra
timpanisme	noun	oci	tympanisme	noun	fra
criptar	verb	oci	crypter	verb	fra
Molière	properNoun	oci	Molière	properNoun	fra
Escuin	properNoun	oci	Escuin	properNoun	fra
Occitània	properNoun	oci	Occitanie	properNoun	fra
Dsouza	properNoun	oci	Dsouza	properNoun	fra
Obon	properNoun	oci	Obon	properNoun	fra
taranta	noun	oci	tarente	noun	fra
Arruti	properNoun	oci	Arruti	properNoun	fra
gramofòn	noun	oci	grammophone	noun	fra
interiorizar	verb	oci	intérioriser	verb	fra
Ararat	properNoun	oci	Ararat	properNoun	fra
somission	noun	oci	soumission	noun	fra
domeni	noun	oci	domaine	noun	fra
gatge	noun	oci	gage	noun	fra
alcolic	adjective	oci	alcoolique	adjective	fra
Nurembèrg	properNoun	oci	Nuremberg	properNoun	fra
rebatut	adjective	oci	rebattu	adjective	fra
refortilhar	verb	oci	conforter	verb	fra
refortilhar	verb	oci	renforcer	verb	fra
de Almeida	properNoun	oci	de Almeida	properNoun	fra
liberian	noun	oci	Libérien	noun	fra
St-Antoine	properNoun	oci	St-Antoine	properNoun	fra
Comerma	properNoun	oci	Comerma	properNoun	fra
invocar	verb	oci	invoquer	verb	fra
de Andrés	properNoun	oci	de Andrés	properNoun	fra
moderacion	noun	oci	modération	noun	fra
agitat	noun	oci	agité	noun	fra
Morricone	properNoun	oci	Morricone	properNoun	fra
Rastrojo	properNoun	oci	Rastrojo	properNoun	fra
Mara	properNoun	oci	Mara	properNoun	fra
capitalista	adjective	oci	capitaliste	adjective	fra
Fried	properNoun	oci	Fried	properNoun	fra
Mirabelle	properNoun	oci	Mirabelle	properNoun	fra
impoténcia	noun	oci	impuissance	noun	fra
indicar	verb	oci	indiquer	verb	fra
Arres	properNoun	oci	Arres	properNoun	fra
Navio	properNoun	oci	Navio	properNoun	fra
òrdre	noun	oci	ordre	noun	fra
gèni	noun	oci	caractère	noun	fra
gèni	noun	oci	génie	noun	fra
probablament	adverb	oci	probablement	adverb	fra
Ugalde	properNoun	oci	Ugalde	properNoun	fra
recepcion	noun	oci	réception	noun	fra
poquèr	noun	oci	poker	noun	fra
tu	pronoun	oci	tu	pronoun	fra
tu	pronoun	oci	toi	pronoun	fra
dragèa	noun	oci	dragée	noun	fra
Aziz	properNoun	oci	Aziz	properNoun	fra
matriç	noun	oci	matrice	noun	fra
PCF	noun	oci	PCF	noun	fra
nullament	adverb	oci	nullement	adverb	fra
de Valliere	properNoun	oci	de Valliere	properNoun	fra
botswanés	adjective	oci	botswanais	adjective	fra
traïn	noun	oci	train	noun	fra
consciéncia	noun	oci	conscience	noun	fra
pecic	noun	oci	pincée	noun	fra
trenta nòu	numeral	oci	quarante-neuf	numeral	fra
brut	noun	oci	bruit	noun	fra
brut	noun	oci	brut	noun	fra
gèis	noun	oci	plâtre	noun	fra
gèis	noun	oci	gypse	noun	fra
Bouygues	properNoun	oci	Bouygues	properNoun	fra
Ansotegi	properNoun	oci	Ansotegi	properNoun	fra
ligombau	noun	oci	homard	noun	fra
esbleugir	verb	oci	éblouir	verb	fra
sòrta	noun	oci	sorte	noun	fra
Astolfi	properNoun	oci	Astolfi	properNoun	fra
Taberner	properNoun	oci	Taberner	properNoun	fra
aborigèn	adjective	oci	aborigène	adjective	fra
DiCaprio	properNoun	oci	DiCaprio	properNoun	fra
purament	adverb	oci	purement	adverb	fra
Düsseldorf	properNoun	oci	Düsseldorf	properNoun	fra
descrobir	verb	oci	découvrir	verb	fra
descrobir	verb	oci	dépister	verb	fra
descrobir	verb	oci	déceler	verb	fra
chilian	noun	oci	Chilien	noun	fra
Velásquez	properNoun	oci	Velásquez	properNoun	fra
nèrvi	noun	oci	nerf	noun	fra
erupcion	noun	oci	éruption	noun	fra
entièr	noun	oci	entier	noun	fra
Bozen	properNoun	oci	Bozen	properNoun	fra
atribucion	noun	oci	attribution	noun	fra
Garriga	properNoun	oci	Garriga	properNoun	fra
inclusiu	adjective	oci	inclusif	adjective	fra
pactejar	verb	oci	pactiser	verb	fra
Mirada	properNoun	oci	Mirada	properNoun	fra
Pedraja	properNoun	oci	Pedraja	properNoun	fra
abajon	noun	oci	myrtille	noun	fra
detonacion	noun	oci	détonation	noun	fra
administratiu	adjective	oci	administratif	adjective	fra
confir	verb	oci	confire	verb	fra
acostumar	verb	oci	accoutumer	verb	fra
babilonian	adjective	oci	babylonien	adjective	fra
democrata	adjective	oci	démocrate	adjective	fra
Carretero i Grau	properNoun	oci	Carretero i Grau	properNoun	fra
Tim	properNoun	oci	Tim	properNoun	fra
Zelanda	properNoun	oci	Zélande	properNoun	fra
Delano	properNoun	oci	Delano	properNoun	fra
Pelegrina	properNoun	oci	Pelegrina	properNoun	fra
Pinto	properNoun	oci	Pinto	properNoun	fra
apertenent	adjective	oci	appartenant	adjective	fra
ultimatum	noun	oci	ultimatum	noun	fra
Mahmud	properNoun	oci	Mahmoud	properNoun	fra
Mahmud	properNoun	oci	Mahmud	properNoun	fra
Osuna	properNoun	oci	Osuna	properNoun	fra
peladura	noun	oci	alopécie	noun	fra
metabolic	adjective	oci	métabolique	adjective	fra
tropa	noun	oci	troupe	noun	fra
lusc	adjective	oci	louche	adjective	fra
Denys	properNoun	oci	Denys	properNoun	fra
Grandjean	properNoun	oci	Grandjean	properNoun	fra
citar	verb	oci	citer	verb	fra
Princess	properNoun	oci	Princess	properNoun	fra
dempuèi de temps	adverb	oci	depuis longtemps	adverb	fra
ais	noun	oci	axe	noun	fra
ais	noun	oci	essieu	noun	fra
Doris	properNoun	oci	Doris	properNoun	fra
quantificador	noun	oci	quantificateur	noun	fra
Garcilaso	properNoun	oci	Garcilaso	properNoun	fra
montant	adjective	oci	montant	adjective	fra
Delachevrotière	properNoun	oci	Delachevrotière	properNoun	fra
contaminacion	noun	oci	contamination	noun	fra
contaminacion	noun	oci	pollution	noun	fra
ofici	noun	oci	office	noun	fra
ofici	noun	oci	métier	noun	fra
Karanka	properNoun	oci	Karanka	properNoun	fra
embriologia	noun	oci	embryologie	noun	fra
mercé	noun	oci	merci	noun	fra
Valenti	properNoun	oci	Valenti	properNoun	fra
Dakar	properNoun	oci	Dakar	properNoun	fra
Milagros	properNoun	oci	Milagros	properNoun	fra
cercle	noun	oci	cercle	noun	fra
cercle	noun	oci	rond	noun	fra
propòsta	noun	oci	proposition	noun	fra
Peinado	properNoun	oci	Peinado	properNoun	fra
tana	noun	oci	tanière	noun	fra
vicereiautat	noun	oci	vice-royauté	noun	fra
Mangraviti	properNoun	oci	Mangraviti	properNoun	fra
intermèdi	noun	oci	intermède	noun	fra
Curadeau	properNoun	oci	Curadeau	properNoun	fra
gròs	adjective	oci	gros	adjective	fra
Cioran	properNoun	oci	Cioran	properNoun	fra
Gerardo	properNoun	oci	Gerardo	properNoun	fra
Agudelo	properNoun	oci	Agudelo	properNoun	fra
Górriz	properNoun	oci	Górriz	properNoun	fra
abstrach	adjective	oci	abstrait	adjective	fra
subastar	verb	oci	vendre aux enchères	verb	fra
garlanda	noun	oci	guirlande	noun	fra
violoncèl	noun	oci	violoncelle	noun	fra
absent	noun	oci	absent	noun	fra
Söllner	properNoun	oci	Söllner	properNoun	fra
presonièr	noun	oci	prisonnier	noun	fra
Minogue	properNoun	oci	Minogue	properNoun	fra
Horace	properNoun	oci	Horace	properNoun	fra
espatlar	verb	oci	abîmer	verb	fra
espatlar	verb	oci	avarier	verb	fra
espatlar	verb	oci	détraquer	verb	fra
Ferro	properNoun	oci	Ferro	properNoun	fra
Quentin	properNoun	oci	Quentin	properNoun	fra
extravagància	noun	oci	extravagance	noun	fra
Miville	properNoun	oci	Miville	properNoun	fra
Boulais	properNoun	oci	Boulais	properNoun	fra
ADDA	noun	oci	ADDA	noun	fra
Oscar	properNoun	oci	Óscar	properNoun	fra
Oscar	properNoun	oci	Oscar	properNoun	fra
Florent	properNoun	oci	Florent	properNoun	fra
Kara	properNoun	oci	Kara	properNoun	fra
Iniesta	properNoun	oci	Iniesta	properNoun	fra
Taraki	properNoun	oci	Taraki	properNoun	fra
Oreilly	properNoun	oci	Oreilly	properNoun	fra
Giuseppe	properNoun	oci	Giuseppe	properNoun	fra
diapositiva	noun	oci	diapositive	noun	fra
Pelegrí	properNoun	oci	Pelegrí	properNoun	fra
Aliya	properNoun	oci	Aliya	properNoun	fra
tenda	noun	oci	bâche	noun	fra
tenda	noun	oci	tente	noun	fra
exegèsi	noun	oci	exégèse	noun	fra
Casamitjana	properNoun	oci	Casamitjana	properNoun	fra
infestar	verb	oci	infester	verb	fra
Getafe	properNoun	oci	Getafe	properNoun	fra
aissèla	noun	oci	aisselle	noun	fra
Kidman	properNoun	oci	Kidman	properNoun	fra
Masgrau	properNoun	oci	Masgrau	properNoun	fra
Loren	properNoun	oci	Loren	properNoun	fra
obligatòri	adjective	oci	obligatoire	adjective	fra
filipin	noun	oci	Philippin	noun	fra
Babaci	properNoun	oci	Babaci	properNoun	fra
patologia	noun	oci	pathologie	noun	fra
breton	noun	oci	breton	noun	fra
Coronas	properNoun	oci	Coronas	properNoun	fra
defensiu	adjective	oci	défensif	adjective	fra
drechament	adverb	oci	droitement	adverb	fra
Hounsell	properNoun	oci	Hounsell	properNoun	fra
vosautres	pronoun	oci	vous	pronoun	fra
Southern	properNoun	oci	Southern	properNoun	fra
dialectologic	adjective	oci	dialectologique	adjective	fra
Artemision	properNoun	oci	Artémision	properNoun	fra
unanimament	adverb	oci	unanimement	adverb	fra
mossalon	noun	oci	mousseron	noun	fra
mossalon	noun	oci	champignon	noun	fra
sangria	noun	oci	sangria	noun	fra
Conejo	properNoun	oci	Conejo	properNoun	fra
SRD	noun	oci	SRD	noun	fra
miègjorn	noun	oci	midi	noun	fra
Thuot	properNoun	oci	Thuot	properNoun	fra
emplegat	noun	oci	employé	noun	fra
Carreiro	properNoun	oci	Carreiro	properNoun	fra
Bruni	properNoun	oci	Bruni	properNoun	fra
Marceau	properNoun	oci	Marceau	properNoun	fra
Lusignan	properNoun	oci	Lusignan	properNoun	fra
desequilibrar	verb	oci	déséquilibrer	verb	fra
sensitiu	adjective	oci	sensitif	adjective	fra
Moraño	properNoun	oci	Moraño	properNoun	fra
Denicourt	properNoun	oci	Denicourt	properNoun	fra
Rondon	properNoun	oci	Rondon	properNoun	fra
Diblasio	properNoun	oci	Diblasio	properNoun	fra
adduccion	noun	oci	adduction	noun	fra
rusa	noun	oci	ruse	noun	fra
Ishpatao	properNoun	oci	Ishpatao	properNoun	fra
vista	noun	oci	vue	noun	fra
impossible	adjective	oci	impossible	adjective	fra
Favá	properNoun	oci	Favá	properNoun	fra
Palmer	properNoun	oci	Palmer	properNoun	fra
pragmaticament	adverb	oci	pragmatiquement	adverb	fra
gaug	noun	oci	joie	noun	fra
qualificat	adjective	oci	qualifié	adjective	fra
Boqué	properNoun	oci	Boqué	properNoun	fra
Buffet	properNoun	oci	Buffet	properNoun	fra
Emmanuelle	properNoun	oci	Emmanuelle	properNoun	fra
Surís	properNoun	oci	Surís	properNoun	fra
aposicion	noun	oci	apposition	noun	fra
oblidar	verb	oci	oublier	verb	fra
encastre	noun	oci	cadre	noun	fra
encastre	noun	oci	châssis	noun	fra
cresent	noun	oci	croyant	noun	fra
XXVI	numeral	oci	XXVIe	adjective	fra
XXVI	numeral	oci	XXVIème	adjective	fra
democratizar	verb	oci	démocratiser	verb	fra
Edwige	properNoun	oci	Edwige	properNoun	fra
Telmosse	properNoun	oci	Telmosse	properNoun	fra
Brutus	properNoun	oci	Brutus	properNoun	fra
trabalhista	noun	oci	travailliste	noun	fra
Clariana	properNoun	oci	Clariana	properNoun	fra
Puges	properNoun	oci	Puges	properNoun	fra
Lettre	properNoun	oci	Lettre	properNoun	fra
tiamina	noun	oci	thiamine	noun	fra
reaccionari	noun	oci	réactionnaire	noun	fra
espieut	noun	oci	épieu	noun	fra
Cabello	properNoun	oci	Cabello	properNoun	fra
esglasi	noun	oci	spectre	noun	fra
esglasi	noun	oci	effroi	noun	fra
Uréndez	properNoun	oci	Uréndez	properNoun	fra
Sitjes	properNoun	oci	Sitjes	properNoun	fra
crim	noun	oci	crime	noun	fra
Rushton	properNoun	oci	Rushton	properNoun	fra
òbra	noun	oci	ouvrage	noun	fra
òbra	noun	oci	travail	noun	fra
òbra	noun	oci	œuvre	noun	fra
basar	verb	oci	baser	verb	fra
Tunis	properNoun	oci	Tunis	properNoun	fra
celacant	noun	oci	cœlacanthe	noun	fra
narcís	noun	oci	narcisse	noun	fra
Flames	properNoun	oci	Flames	properNoun	fra
Pèire	properNoun	oci	Pèire	properNoun	fra
de Condorcet	properNoun	oci	de Condorcet	properNoun	fra
pòrtaavions	noun	oci	porte-avions	noun	fra
Goodall	properNoun	oci	Goodall	properNoun	fra
Tula	properNoun	oci	Tulle	properNoun	fra
emulador	noun	oci	émulateur	noun	fra
Downing	properNoun	oci	Downing	properNoun	fra
Waltz	properNoun	oci	Waltz	properNoun	fra
Amurrio	properNoun	oci	Amurrio	properNoun	fra
Inglada	properNoun	oci	Inglada	properNoun	fra
croton	noun	oci	cachot	noun	fra
Agostinacchio	properNoun	oci	Agostinacchio	properNoun	fra
eclipsi	noun	oci	éclipse	noun	fra
Cyrille	properNoun	oci	Cyrille	properNoun	fra
Baud	properNoun	oci	Baud	properNoun	fra
a palpas	adverb	oci	à tâtons	adverb	fra
Boilard	properNoun	oci	Boilard	properNoun	fra
evasiu	adjective	oci	évasif	adjective	fra
Esnarrizaga	properNoun	oci	Esnarrizaga	properNoun	fra
termosfèra	noun	oci	thermosphère	noun	fra
Agathe	properNoun	oci	Agathe	properNoun	fra
parafina	noun	oci	paraffine	noun	fra
Barrero	properNoun	oci	Barrero	properNoun	fra
portar	verb	oci	emmener	verb	fra
portar	verb	oci	porter	verb	fra
portar	verb	oci	amener	verb	fra
Phillips	properNoun	oci	Phillips	properNoun	fra
Espinar	properNoun	oci	Espinar	properNoun	fra
Dordonha	properNoun	oci	Dordogne	properNoun	fra
Shooner	properNoun	oci	Shooner	properNoun	fra
completar	verb	oci	compléter	verb	fra
sométer	verb	oci	soumettre	verb	fra
depòsit	noun	oci	dépôt	noun	fra
depòsit	noun	oci	avoir	noun	fra
desliurar	verb	oci	libérer	verb	fra
desliurar	verb	oci	délivrer	verb	fra
Amir	properNoun	oci	Amir	properNoun	fra
pinça	noun	oci	pince	noun	fra
Tiago	properNoun	oci	Tiago	properNoun	fra
Falgueras	properNoun	oci	Falgueras	properNoun	fra
Calpe	properNoun	oci	Calpe	properNoun	fra
Daza	properNoun	oci	Daza	properNoun	fra
tostona	noun	oci	poupée	noun	fra
independentisme	noun	oci	indépendantisme	noun	fra
complèt	adjective	oci	complet	adjective	fra
Coloma	properNoun	oci	Coloma	properNoun	fra
Papadopoulos	properNoun	oci	Papadopoulos	properNoun	fra
Deloy	properNoun	oci	Deloy	properNoun	fra
favorizar	verb	oci	favoriser	verb	fra
favorizar	verb	oci	avantager	verb	fra
Legaz	properNoun	oci	Legaz	properNoun	fra
dermatologic	adjective	oci	dermatologique	adjective	fra
Ventós	properNoun	oci	Ventós	properNoun	fra
ablatiu	noun	oci	ablatif	noun	fra
libertari	noun	oci	libertaire	noun	fra
Abellard	properNoun	oci	Abellard	properNoun	fra
Béliveau	properNoun	oci	Béliveau	properNoun	fra
Pairó	properNoun	oci	Pairó	properNoun	fra
Goncourt	properNoun	oci	Goncourt	properNoun	fra
pregària	noun	oci	prière	noun	fra
Hébert	properNoun	oci	Hébert	properNoun	fra
agradar	verb	oci	plaire	verb	fra
Johansson	properNoun	oci	Johansson	properNoun	fra
levat se	subordinatingConjunction	oci	sauf si	subordinatingConjunction	fra
cantonar	verb	oci	cantonner	verb	fra
Giles	properNoun	oci	Giles	properNoun	fra
toxicoman	noun	oci	toxicomane	noun	fra
Alepuz	properNoun	oci	Alepuz	properNoun	fra
mesadèr	adjective	oci	mensuel	adjective	fra
parlamentari	adjective	oci	parlementaire	adjective	fra
acréisher	verb	oci	augmenter	verb	fra
acogar	verb	oci	pendre	verb	fra
von Themeswald	properNoun	oci	von Themeswald	properNoun	fra
Tenorio	properNoun	oci	Tenorio	properNoun	fra
Benalla	properNoun	oci	Benalla	properNoun	fra
Guadalope	properNoun	oci	Guadeloupe	properNoun	fra
pronosticar	verb	oci	pronostiquer	verb	fra
admirable	adjective	oci	admirable	adjective	fra
dispepsia	noun	oci	dyspepsie	noun	fra
leugèr	adjective	oci	léger	adjective	fra
ençà	adverb	oci	là	adverb	fra
ÒPLO	noun	oci	OPLO	noun	fra
Zomeño	properNoun	oci	Zomeño	properNoun	fra
Voynich	properNoun	oci	Voynich	properNoun	fra
abrogar	verb	oci	abroger	verb	fra
conjurar	verb	oci	conjurer	verb	fra
Yergeau	properNoun	oci	Yergeau	properNoun	fra
Espadaler	properNoun	oci	Espadaler	properNoun	fra
inactivitat	noun	oci	inactivité	noun	fra
aleta	noun	oci	nageoire	noun	fra
aleta	noun	oci	aileron	noun	fra
aleta	noun	oci	palme	noun	fra
Maseres	properNoun	oci	Maseres	properNoun	fra
pantèra	noun	oci	panthère	noun	fra
Maya	properNoun	oci	Maya	properNoun	fra
pau	noun	oci	poteau	noun	fra
site	noun	oci	site	noun	fra
Shelley	properNoun	oci	Shelley	properNoun	fra
compassion	noun	oci	compassion	noun	fra
fermion	noun	oci	fermion	noun	fra
Hormigo	properNoun	oci	Hormigo	properNoun	fra
Sarco	properNoun	oci	Sarco	properNoun	fra
ochanta tres	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-trois	numeral	fra
aigre	adjective	oci	aigre	adjective	fra
lusor	noun	oci	lueur	noun	fra
Gamero	properNoun	oci	Gamero	properNoun	fra
en avant	adverb	oci	en avant	adverb	fra
embanc	noun	oci	auvent	noun	fra
Gilart	properNoun	oci	Gilart	properNoun	fra
diagnosticar	verb	oci	diagnostiquer	verb	fra
Casero	properNoun	oci	Casero	properNoun	fra
Fontseré	properNoun	oci	Fontseré	properNoun	fra
angle	noun	oci	angle	noun	fra
angle	noun	oci	recoin	noun	fra
abcaz	adjective	oci	abkhaze	adjective	fra
abcaz	adjective	oci	abkhazien	adjective	fra
dilatable	adjective	oci	dilatable	adjective	fra
lisa	noun	oci	traîneau	noun	fra
lisa	noun	oci	traineau	noun	fra
identificable	adjective	oci	identifiable	adjective	fra
aital coma	subordinatingConjunction	oci	ainsi que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
XXVIII	numeral	oci	XXVIIIe	adjective	fra
XXVIII	numeral	oci	XXVIIIème	adjective	fra
CDC	noun	oci	CDC	noun	fra
secretariat	noun	oci	secrétariat	noun	fra
cima	noun	oci	sommet	noun	fra
cima	noun	oci	cime	noun	fra
abat	noun	oci	abbesse	noun	fra
abat	noun	oci	abbé	noun	fra
Ramire	properNoun	oci	Ramire	properNoun	fra
Barrado	properNoun	oci	Barrado	properNoun	fra
escalada	noun	oci	escalade	noun	fra
bramanisme	noun	oci	brahmanisme	noun	fra
eterogeneïtat	noun	oci	hétérogénéité	noun	fra
sostendendut	noun	oci	sous-entendu	noun	fra
Gara	properNoun	oci	Gara	properNoun	fra
cl	noun	oci	cl	noun	fra
franquesa	noun	oci	franchise	noun	fra
de Cervantes	properNoun	oci	de Cervantes	properNoun	fra
estanh	noun	oci	étain	noun	fra
estanh	noun	oci	étang	noun	fra
autrament dich	subordinatingConjunction	oci	autrement dit	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Echaquan	properNoun	oci	Echaquan	properNoun	fra
pizza	noun	oci	pizza	noun	fra
agram	noun	oci	chiendent	noun	fra
Trenzano	properNoun	oci	Trenzano	properNoun	fra
Gran	properNoun	oci	Gran	properNoun	fra
cubèrta	noun	oci	couverture	noun	fra
especializat	adjective	oci	spécialisé	adjective	fra
atenenc	noun	oci	Athénien	noun	fra
exortar	verb	oci	exhorter	verb	fra
McManus	properNoun	oci	McManus	properNoun	fra
decorar	verb	oci	décorer	verb	fra
McBrearty	properNoun	oci	McBrearty	properNoun	fra
radiografia	noun	oci	radiographie	noun	fra
glòria	noun	oci	gloire	noun	fra
Distaulo	properNoun	oci	Distaulo	properNoun	fra
perspectiva	noun	oci	perspective	noun	fra
bevenda	noun	oci	boisson	noun	fra
impausable	adjective	oci	imposable	adjective	fra
vortèx	noun	oci	vortex	noun	fra
Katherine	properNoun	oci	Katherine	properNoun	fra
surgian	noun	oci	chirurgien	noun	fra
Albacete	properNoun	oci	Albacete	properNoun	fra
emulacion	noun	oci	émulation	noun	fra
coproprietari	noun	oci	copropriétaire	noun	fra
captacion	noun	oci	captation	noun	fra
de Villiers	properNoun	oci	de Villiers	properNoun	fra
èuro	noun	oci	euro	noun	fra
perilh	noun	oci	péril	noun	fra
perilh	noun	oci	danger	noun	fra
Monzerolle	properNoun	oci	Monzerolle	properNoun	fra
Otter	properNoun	oci	Otter	properNoun	fra
emerit	adjective	oci	émérite	adjective	fra
Lévy	properNoun	oci	Lévy	properNoun	fra
Buenos Aires	properNoun	oci	Buenos Aires	properNoun	fra
Largo	properNoun	oci	Largo	properNoun	fra
aclimatacion	noun	oci	acclimatation	noun	fra
mirador	noun	oci	mirador	noun	fra
Sabio	properNoun	oci	Sabio	properNoun	fra
Roireau	properNoun	oci	Roireau	properNoun	fra
consulta	noun	oci	consultation	noun	fra
dissertacion	noun	oci	dissertation	noun	fra
Bugs Bunny	properNoun	oci	Bugs Bunny	properNoun	fra
ADAC	noun	oci	ADAC	noun	fra
rescat	noun	oci	rachat	noun	fra
rescat	noun	oci	rançon	noun	fra
Estrasburg	properNoun	oci	Strasbourg	properNoun	fra
Baldo	properNoun	oci	Baldo	properNoun	fra
vacança	noun	oci	vacance	noun	fra
nosauts	pronoun	oci	nous	pronoun	fra
planca	noun	oci	planche	noun	fra
adoptant	noun	oci	adoptant	noun	fra
Lavado	properNoun	oci	Lavado	properNoun	fra
Jacas	properNoun	oci	Jacas	properNoun	fra
Iberdrola	properNoun	oci	Iberdrola	properNoun	fra
ibèr	noun	oci	ibère	noun	fra
Molne	properNoun	oci	Molne	properNoun	fra
Luján	properNoun	oci	Luján	properNoun	fra
ocultacion	noun	oci	occultation	noun	fra
Franca	properNoun	oci	Franca	properNoun	fra
malbiaissut	adjective	oci	maladroit	adjective	fra
geograficament	adverb	oci	géographiquement	adverb	fra
Faber	properNoun	oci	Faber	properNoun	fra
Rocheleau	properNoun	oci	Rocheleau	properNoun	fra
caud	adjective	oci	chaud	adjective	fra
VIII	numeral	oci	VIIIème	adjective	fra
VIII	numeral	oci	VIIIe	adjective	fra
VIII	numeral	oci	VIII	numeral	fra
gres	noun	oci	grès	noun	fra
Antonella	properNoun	oci	Antonella	properNoun	fra
Laberge	properNoun	oci	Laberge	properNoun	fra
Cepero	properNoun	oci	Cepero	properNoun	fra
resurreccion	noun	oci	résurrection	noun	fra
Hubbard	properNoun	oci	Hubbard	properNoun	fra
musa	noun	oci	muse	noun	fra
lachairon	noun	oci	laiteron	noun	fra
filon	noun	oci	filon	noun	fra
Junqueras	properNoun	oci	Junqueras	properNoun	fra
AEK	noun	oci	AEK	noun	fra
mania	noun	oci	manie	noun	fra
Edna	properNoun	oci	Edna	properNoun	fra
Fugère	properNoun	oci	Fugère	properNoun	fra
Aguiar	properNoun	oci	Aguiar	properNoun	fra
Afonso	properNoun	oci	Afonso	properNoun	fra
indicator	noun	oci	indicateur	noun	fra
Avon	properNoun	oci	Avon	properNoun	fra
aderir	verb	oci	adhérer	verb	fra
Berthelot	properNoun	oci	Berthelot	properNoun	fra
optimisme	noun	oci	optimisme	noun	fra
Sabaliauskas	properNoun	oci	Sabaliauskas	properNoun	fra
Tsang	properNoun	oci	Tsang	properNoun	fra
casinò	noun	oci	casino	noun	fra
marxisme	noun	oci	marxisme	noun	fra
serada	noun	oci	soirée	noun	fra
barrèma	noun	oci	barème	noun	fra
aranjariá	noun	oci	orangerie	noun	fra
Sotomayor	properNoun	oci	Sotomayor	properNoun	fra
xilologia	noun	oci	xylologie	noun	fra
amalgama	noun	oci	amalgame	noun	fra
blòc	noun	oci	bloc	noun	fra
Onassis	properNoun	oci	Onassis	properNoun	fra
parcialitat	noun	oci	partialité	noun	fra
Mas i Borràs	properNoun	oci	Mas i Borràs	properNoun	fra
Fellows	properNoun	oci	Fellows	properNoun	fra
estatuir	verb	oci	statuer	verb	fra
Cegarra	properNoun	oci	Cegarra	properNoun	fra
futur	noun	oci	futur	noun	fra
geodesic	adjective	oci	géodésique	adjective	fra
dat	noun	oci	dé	noun	fra
Borg	properNoun	oci	Borg	properNoun	fra
pdf	properNoun	oci	pdf	properNoun	fra
Valois	properNoun	oci	Valois	properNoun	fra
illas Caiman	properNoun	oci	îles Caïmans	properNoun	fra
1r	adjective	oci	1er	adjective	fra
municipalista	adjective	oci	municipaliste	adjective	fra
Mayorgas	properNoun	oci	Mayorgas	properNoun	fra
Porco	properNoun	oci	Porco	properNoun	fra
adiu	noun	oci	salut	noun	fra
cameronés	noun	oci	Camerounais	noun	fra
destacament	noun	oci	détachement	noun	fra
somali	adjective	oci	somalien	adjective	fra
desonorar	verb	oci	déshonorer	verb	fra
Despins	properNoun	oci	Despins	properNoun	fra
Manich	properNoun	oci	Manich	properNoun	fra
Taiwan	properNoun	oci	Taiwan	properNoun	fra
Taiwan	properNoun	oci	Taïwan	properNoun	fra
seteme	noun	oci	septembre	noun	fra
espectacle	noun	oci	show	noun	fra
espectacle	noun	oci	spectacle	noun	fra
proteccionista	adjective	oci	protectionniste	adjective	fra
decebre	verb	oci	décevoir	verb	fra
Montllor	properNoun	oci	Montllor	properNoun	fra
ocupacion	noun	oci	occupation	noun	fra
Hohenstaufen	properNoun	oci	Hohenstaufen	properNoun	fra
princièr	adjective	oci	princier	adjective	fra
termiari	noun	oci	terme	noun	fra
Boladeras	properNoun	oci	Boladeras	properNoun	fra
humaire	noun	oci	fumeur	noun	fra
iberic	adjective	oci	ibérique	adjective	fra
vinós	adjective	oci	vineux	adjective	fra
puretat	noun	oci	pureté	noun	fra
Genovese	properNoun	oci	Genovese	properNoun	fra
salon	noun	oci	salon	noun	fra
conflar	verb	oci	gonfler	verb	fra
contagiós	adjective	oci	contagieux	adjective	fra
Cherborg	properNoun	oci	Cherbourg	properNoun	fra
Phil	properNoun	oci	Phil	properNoun	fra
costèla	noun	oci	côte	noun	fra
costèla	noun	oci	côtelette	noun	fra
vitaminic	adjective	oci	vitaminique	adjective	fra
vaste	adjective	oci	vaste	adjective	fra
Pellisa	properNoun	oci	Pellisa	properNoun	fra
en part	adverb	oci	en partie	adverb	fra
especialment	adverb	oci	spécialement	adverb	fra
Rua	properNoun	oci	Rua	properNoun	fra
Ingmar	properNoun	oci	Ingmar	properNoun	fra
balear	noun	oci	baléare	noun	fra
Stabile	properNoun	oci	Stabile	properNoun	fra
dins lo mond entièr	adverb	oci	dans le monde entier	adverb	fra
fauna	noun	oci	faune	noun	fra
ecotorisme	noun	oci	écotourisme	noun	fra
Tanguay	properNoun	oci	Tanguay	properNoun	fra
obligar	verb	oci	contraindre	verb	fra
obligar	verb	oci	obliger	verb	fra
Bonnie	properNoun	oci	Bonnie	properNoun	fra
Subirada	properNoun	oci	Subirada	properNoun	fra
Peidró	properNoun	oci	Peidró	properNoun	fra
capitat	adjective	oci	réussi	adjective	fra
Gignac	properNoun	oci	Gignac	properNoun	fra
òsa	noun	oci	monosaccharide	noun	fra
Turner	properNoun	oci	Turner	properNoun	fra
lesion	noun	oci	lésion	noun	fra
evangelic	adjective	oci	évangélique	adjective	fra
Blanchard	properNoun	oci	Blanchard	properNoun	fra
von Lieven	properNoun	oci	von Lieven	properNoun	fra
mondialament	adverb	oci	mondialement	adverb	fra
esquivar	verb	oci	esquiver	verb	fra
Alphonse	properNoun	oci	Alphonse	properNoun	fra
Perpinhan	properNoun	oci	Perpignan	properNoun	fra
Mompó	properNoun	oci	Mompó	properNoun	fra
ròm	noun	oci	Rom	noun	fra
daurir	verb	oci	ouvrir	verb	fra
factura	noun	oci	facture	noun	fra
inculpat	noun	oci	inculpé	noun	fra
cèu	noun	oci	ciel	noun	fra
Amigó	properNoun	oci	Amigó	properNoun	fra
Carrió	properNoun	oci	Carrió	properNoun	fra
Bolaño	properNoun	oci	Bolaño	properNoun	fra
arrepè	noun	oci	recul	noun	fra
Cashmir	properNoun	oci	Cachemire	properNoun	fra
primari	adjective	oci	primaire	adjective	fra
Vallecillos	properNoun	oci	Vallecillos	properNoun	fra
Jacobson	properNoun	oci	Jacobson	properNoun	fra
desastrós	adjective	oci	désastreux	adjective	fra
Chevènement	properNoun	oci	Chevènement	properNoun	fra
Boussel	properNoun	oci	Boussel	properNoun	fra
fasenda	noun	oci	affaire	noun	fra
albinisme	noun	oci	albinisme	noun	fra
concurrent	noun	oci	concurrent	noun	fra
Auld	properNoun	oci	Auld	properNoun	fra
despièit	noun	oci	dépit	noun	fra
Lafrance	properNoun	oci	Lafrance	properNoun	fra
anemia	noun	oci	anémie	noun	fra
vèrs	noun	oci	vers	noun	fra
priorizar	verb	oci	donner la priorité à	verb	fra
priorizar	verb	oci	prioriser	verb	fra
Casajuana	properNoun	oci	Casajuana	properNoun	fra
Tamudo	properNoun	oci	Tamudo	properNoun	fra
nonanta uèit	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-dix-huit	numeral	fra
ipocrita	adjective	oci	hypocrite	adjective	fra
Harrisson	properNoun	oci	Harrisson	properNoun	fra
Meroño	properNoun	oci	Meroño	properNoun	fra
Mustafa	properNoun	oci	Mustafa	properNoun	fra
Arenas	properNoun	oci	Arenas	properNoun	fra
Domingo	properNoun	oci	Domingo	properNoun	fra
endosimbiòsi	noun	oci	endosymbiose	noun	fra
iniciatic	adjective	oci	initiatique	adjective	fra
Brotons	properNoun	oci	Brotons	properNoun	fra
incriminar	verb	oci	incriminer	verb	fra
tendéncia	noun	oci	tendance	noun	fra
Cubells	properNoun	oci	Cubells	properNoun	fra
organet	noun	oci	organite	noun	fra
nhacada	noun	oci	morsure	noun	fra
pusillanime	adjective	oci	pusillanime	adjective	fra
von Spezialeinsatzkräften	properNoun	oci	von Spezialeinsatzkräften	properNoun	fra
romanés	adjective	oci	roumain	adjective	fra
extensiu	adjective	oci	extensif	adjective	fra
Estònia	properNoun	oci	Estonie	properNoun	fra
Yourcenar	properNoun	oci	Yourcenar	properNoun	fra
Tarraga	properNoun	oci	Tarraga	properNoun	fra
Cristóbal	properNoun	oci	Cristóbal	properNoun	fra
basc	adjective	oci	basque	adjective	fra
cable	noun	oci	câble	noun	fra
Stott	properNoun	oci	Stott	properNoun	fra
Stephens	properNoun	oci	Stephens	properNoun	fra
Antoinette	properNoun	oci	Antoinette	properNoun	fra
descauç	adjective	oci	déchaussé	adjective	fra
emergir	verb	oci	émerger	verb	fra
biocarburant	noun	oci	biocarburant	noun	fra
Cufí	properNoun	oci	Cufí	properNoun	fra
Nora	properNoun	oci	Nora	properNoun	fra
atomisme	noun	oci	atomisme	noun	fra
estapa	noun	oci	étape	noun	fra
mancar	verb	oci	faillir	verb	fra
mancar	verb	oci	rater	verb	fra
mancar	verb	oci	manquer	verb	fra
lançar	verb	oci	lancer	verb	fra
lançar	verb	oci	jeter	verb	fra
Receveur	properNoun	oci	Receveur	properNoun	fra
Eivissa	properNoun	oci	Ibiza	properNoun	fra
Naoum	properNoun	oci	Naoum	properNoun	fra
gelosiá	noun	oci	jalousie	noun	fra
emplegar	verb	oci	employer	verb	fra
Agnant	properNoun	oci	Agnant	properNoun	fra
prèp de	preposition	oci	près de	preposition	fra
criminalizacion	noun	oci	criminalisation	noun	fra
Arpa	properNoun	oci	Arpa	properNoun	fra
estatic	adjective	oci	statique	adjective	fra
Lescano	properNoun	oci	Lescano	properNoun	fra
Tárraga	properNoun	oci	Tárraga	properNoun	fra
balotatge	noun	oci	ballottage	noun	fra
Angileri	properNoun	oci	Angileri	properNoun	fra
reinterpretar	verb	oci	réinterpréter	verb	fra
quintuple	adjective	oci	quintuple	adjective	fra
Erodòt	properNoun	oci	Hérodote	properNoun	fra
Parrales	properNoun	oci	Parrales	properNoun	fra
Garces	properNoun	oci	Garces	properNoun	fra
lituanian	adjective	oci	lituanien	adjective	fra
balma	noun	oci	grotte	noun	fra
balma	noun	oci	baume	noun	fra
Masty	properNoun	oci	Masty	properNoun	fra
auragan	noun	oci	ouragan	noun	fra
ROSAL	properNoun	oci	ROSAL	properNoun	fra
Guisado	properNoun	oci	Guisado	properNoun	fra
abracadabrant	adjective	oci	abracadabrant	adjective	fra
exacerbacion	noun	oci	exacerbation	noun	fra
compraire	noun	oci	acheteur	noun	fra
Quer	properNoun	oci	Quer	properNoun	fra
Fauchon	properNoun	oci	Fauchon	properNoun	fra
juxtaposicion	noun	oci	juxtaposition	noun	fra
Racero	properNoun	oci	Racero	properNoun	fra
Larabie	properNoun	oci	Larabie	properNoun	fra
activitat	noun	oci	activité	noun	fra
aplologia	noun	oci	haplologie	noun	fra
Oliveras	properNoun	oci	Oliveras	properNoun	fra
bachelièr	noun	oci	bachelier	noun	fra
tecnicalitat	noun	oci	technicité	noun	fra
glucid	noun	oci	glucide	noun	fra
coide	noun	oci	coude	noun	fra
Aiestaran	properNoun	oci	Aiestaran	properNoun	fra
Parkes	properNoun	oci	Parkes	properNoun	fra
gaita	noun	oci	guet	noun	fra
fonografe	noun	oci	phonographe	noun	fra
Farrerons	properNoun	oci	Farrerons	properNoun	fra
hada	noun	oci	fée	noun	fra
organizacion	noun	oci	ordination	noun	fra
organizacion	noun	oci	organisation	noun	fra
tènnis	noun	oci	tennis	noun	fra
Batllori	properNoun	oci	Batllori	properNoun	fra
Colom	properNoun	oci	Colom	properNoun	fra
denquia	preposition	oci	jusqu'à	preposition	fra
denquia	preposition	oci	jusque	preposition	fra
estromatolit	noun	oci	stromatolite	noun	fra
etnomusicologia	noun	oci	ethnomusicologie	noun	fra
finançament	noun	oci	financement	noun	fra
renaissença	noun	oci	renaissance	noun	fra
cassanha	noun	oci	chênaie	noun	fra
eliminatòria	noun	oci	éliminatoire	noun	fra
desonorat	adjective	oci	déshonoré	adjective	fra
romanic	adjective	oci	roman	adjective	fra
Véronneau	properNoun	oci	Véronneau	properNoun	fra
Valonia	properNoun	oci	Wallonie	properNoun	fra
Tarrida	properNoun	oci	Tarrida	properNoun	fra
exceptar	verb	oci	excepter	verb	fra
Madeline	properNoun	oci	Madeline	properNoun	fra
Zimbabwe	properNoun	oci	Zimbabwe	properNoun	fra
oceanograf	noun	oci	océanographe	noun	fra
conspirador	noun	oci	conspirateur	noun	fra
17n	adjective	oci	17ème	adjective	fra
sauma	noun	oci	ânesse	noun	fra
transir	verb	oci	transir	verb	fra
aquatic	adjective	oci	aquatique	adjective	fra
Licciardello	properNoun	oci	Licciardello	properNoun	fra
androna	noun	oci	impasse	noun	fra
Arrondo	properNoun	oci	Arrondo	properNoun	fra
contraròtle	noun	oci	contrôle	noun	fra
Cañamero	properNoun	oci	Cañamero	properNoun	fra
Hitachi	properNoun	oci	Hitachi	properNoun	fra
pollucion	noun	oci	pollution	noun	fra
Masvidal	properNoun	oci	Masvidal	properNoun	fra
vexacion	noun	oci	vexation	noun	fra
classificacion	noun	oci	classification	noun	fra
Trigo	properNoun	oci	Trigo	properNoun	fra
influenciar	verb	oci	influencer	verb	fra
Spratly	properNoun	oci	Spratly	properNoun	fra
correspondent	adjective	oci	correspondant	adjective	fra
catastrofisme	noun	oci	catastrophisme	noun	fra
consonanta	noun	oci	consonne	noun	fra
Wormald	properNoun	oci	Wormald	properNoun	fra
Borja	properNoun	oci	Borja	properNoun	fra
Pujolar	properNoun	oci	Pujolar	properNoun	fra
amoreta	noun	oci	amourette	noun	fra
Poirier	properNoun	oci	Poirier	properNoun	fra
briga	adverb	oci	pas du tout	adverb	fra
Jaber	properNoun	oci	Jaber	properNoun	fra
climatologic	adjective	oci	climatologique	adjective	fra
Massaoudi	properNoun	oci	Massaoudi	properNoun	fra
anagogic	adjective	oci	anagogique	adjective	fra
Petropoulos	properNoun	oci	Petropoulos	properNoun	fra
incoerent	adjective	oci	incohérent	adjective	fra
Sergerie	properNoun	oci	Sergerie	properNoun	fra
entrò	preposition	oci	jusque	preposition	fra
entrò	preposition	oci	jusqu'à	preposition	fra
just	adjective	oci	juste	adjective	fra
martiniqués	adjective	oci	martiniquais	adjective	fra
Dahmani	properNoun	oci	Dahmani	properNoun	fra
balajar	verb	oci	balayer	verb	fra
vencedor	noun	oci	vainqueur	noun	fra
Cardinal	properNoun	oci	Cardinal	properNoun	fra
orquestrar	verb	oci	orchestrer	verb	fra
comunisme	noun	oci	communisme	noun	fra
enverinar	verb	oci	envenimer	verb	fra
enverinar	verb	oci	empoisonner	verb	fra
norma	noun	oci	norme	noun	fra
abitacion	noun	oci	habitation	noun	fra
abitacion	noun	oci	chambre	noun	fra
reprodusir	verb	oci	reproduire	verb	fra
Keren	properNoun	oci	Keren	properNoun	fra
dolent	adjective	oci	dolent	adjective	fra
dolent	adjective	oci	malade	adjective	fra
Catudal	properNoun	oci	Catudal	properNoun	fra
davarar	verb	oci	baisser	verb	fra
davarar	verb	oci	descendre	verb	fra
Jauregi	properNoun	oci	Jauregi	properNoun	fra
Oromi	properNoun	oci	Oromi	properNoun	fra
Moratinos	properNoun	oci	Moratinos	properNoun	fra
dintrada	noun	oci	entrée	noun	fra
dintrada	noun	oci	rentrée	noun	fra
Utrilla	properNoun	oci	Utrilla	properNoun	fra
Areny	properNoun	oci	Areny	properNoun	fra
fosforic	adjective	oci	phosphorique	adjective	fra
Bernardino	properNoun	oci	Bernardino	properNoun	fra
Ausió	properNoun	oci	Ausió	properNoun	fra
Maymó	properNoun	oci	Maymó	properNoun	fra
baucita	noun	oci	bauxite	noun	fra
von Kessling	properNoun	oci	von Kessling	properNoun	fra
Distefano	properNoun	oci	Distefano	properNoun	fra
regent	noun	oci	régent	noun	fra
regent	noun	oci	instituteur	noun	fra
Mont	properNoun	oci	Mont	properNoun	fra
Portela	properNoun	oci	Portela	properNoun	fra
Pemberton	properNoun	oci	Pemberton	properNoun	fra
bastenda	noun	oci	construction	noun	fra
bastenda	noun	oci	bâtiment	noun	fra
tà naut	adverb	oci	en haut	adverb	fra
tà naut	adverb	oci	en dessus	adverb	fra
Jover	properNoun	oci	Jover	properNoun	fra
Silèsia	properNoun	oci	Silésie	properNoun	fra
afichar	verb	oci	afficher	verb	fra
jos l'efècte de	preposition	oci	sous l'effet de	preposition	fra
12n	adjective	oci	12ème	adjective	fra
Antonelli	properNoun	oci	Antonelli	properNoun	fra
popularament	adverb	oci	populairement	adverb	fra
Gennari	properNoun	oci	Gennari	properNoun	fra
giratòri	adjective	oci	giratoire	adjective	fra
franc de	preposition	oci	sauf	preposition	fra
Sergi	properNoun	oci	Sergi	properNoun	fra
Ramallo	properNoun	oci	Ramallo	properNoun	fra
Berlioz	properNoun	oci	Berlioz	properNoun	fra
cremós	adjective	oci	crémeux	adjective	fra
capèla	noun	oci	chapelle	noun	fra
passejada	noun	oci	promenade	noun	fra
passejada	noun	oci	balade	noun	fra
cotizacion	noun	oci	cotisation	noun	fra
Santacruz	properNoun	oci	Santacruz	properNoun	fra
neuralgic	adjective	oci	névralgique	adjective	fra
Sony	properNoun	oci	Sony	properNoun	fra
Glaude	properNoun	oci	Glaude	properNoun	fra
Bolet	properNoun	oci	Bolet	properNoun	fra
Schwarzenegger	properNoun	oci	Schwarzenegger	properNoun	fra
Marcone	properNoun	oci	Marcone	properNoun	fra
vuèg	noun	oci	vide	noun	fra
assimilar	verb	oci	assimiler	verb	fra
zòo	noun	oci	zoo	noun	fra
dins l'entorn de	preposition	oci	dans l'entourage de	preposition	fra
abonat	noun	oci	abonné	noun	fra
aprovar	verb	oci	approuver	verb	fra
excentric	adjective	oci	excentrique	adjective	fra
expressionisme	noun	oci	expressionnisme	noun	fra
Thornton	properNoun	oci	Thornton	properNoun	fra
camaièu	noun	oci	camaïeu	noun	fra
fermalh	noun	oci	fermoir	noun	fra
conjonch	adjective	oci	conjoint	adjective	fra
Arasa	properNoun	oci	Arasa	properNoun	fra
palmarés	noun	oci	palmarès	noun	fra
Eliot	properNoun	oci	Eliot	properNoun	fra
Gázquez	properNoun	oci	Gázquez	properNoun	fra
La Reünion	properNoun	oci	La Réunion	properNoun	fra
avança	noun	oci	avance	noun	fra
Langelier	properNoun	oci	Langelier	properNoun	fra
Soucisse	properNoun	oci	Soucisse	properNoun	fra
multilingüe	noun	oci	multilingue	noun	fra
significacion	noun	oci	signification	noun	fra
vòlt	noun	oci	volt	noun	fra
Grenon	properNoun	oci	Grenon	properNoun	fra
guèine	noun	oci	renard	noun	fra
mirgalhadura	noun	oci	moirure	noun	fra
conjugar	verb	oci	conjuguer	verb	fra
nud	noun	oci	nœud	noun	fra
nud	noun	oci	nu	noun	fra
indestructible	adjective	oci	indestructible	adjective	fra
Torta	properNoun	oci	Torta	properNoun	fra
watt	noun	oci	watt	noun	fra
Schimmenti	properNoun	oci	Schimmenti	properNoun	fra
medish	adjective	oci	même	adjective	fra
Rocard	properNoun	oci	Rocard	properNoun	fra
bascular	verb	oci	basculer	verb	fra
finlandés	noun	oci	finlandais	noun	fra
Ruz	properNoun	oci	Ruz	properNoun	fra
Amoraga	properNoun	oci	Amoraga	properNoun	fra
cogordier	noun	oci	courge	noun	fra
a grands renfòrts de	preposition	oci	à grand renfort de	preposition	fra
Obregón	properNoun	oci	Obregón	properNoun	fra
donador	noun	oci	donateur	noun	fra
eventualament	adverb	oci	éventuellement	adverb	fra
Thomassin	properNoun	oci	Thomassin	properNoun	fra
Benfeito	properNoun	oci	Benfeito	properNoun	fra
Gordillo	properNoun	oci	Gordillo	properNoun	fra
centrista	noun	oci	centriste	noun	fra
simbòl	noun	oci	symbole	noun	fra
veïcul	noun	oci	véhicule	noun	fra
fins que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	jusqu'à ce que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Garrett	properNoun	oci	Garrett	properNoun	fra
Makris	properNoun	oci	Makris	properNoun	fra
Triton	properNoun	oci	Triton	properNoun	fra
Venteo	properNoun	oci	Venteo	properNoun	fra
Harpin	properNoun	oci	Harpin	properNoun	fra
conductor	adjective	oci	conducteur	adjective	fra
inclinable	adjective	oci	inclinable	adjective	fra
Frances	properNoun	oci	Frances	properNoun	fra
Chaikovskii	properNoun	oci	Tchaïkovski	properNoun	fra
Barcia	properNoun	oci	Barcia	properNoun	fra
Lema	properNoun	oci	Lema	properNoun	fra
Sasseville	properNoun	oci	Sasseville	properNoun	fra
Micaela	properNoun	oci	Micaela	properNoun	fra
Ejarque	properNoun	oci	Ejarque	properNoun	fra
adaptacion	noun	oci	adaptation	noun	fra
Soro	properNoun	oci	Soro	properNoun	fra
sautarèla	noun	oci	sauterelle	noun	fra
reténer	verb	oci	retenir	verb	fra
Monzon	properNoun	oci	Monzon	properNoun	fra
Bahí	properNoun	oci	Bahí	properNoun	fra
Baz	properNoun	oci	Baz	properNoun	fra
assautar	verb	oci	assaillir	verb	fra
Estève	properNoun	oci	Étienne	properNoun	fra
Estève	properNoun	oci	Estève	properNoun	fra
Lopera	properNoun	oci	Lopera	properNoun	fra
manés	adjective	oci	mannois	adjective	fra
balastièra	noun	oci	ballastière	noun	fra
Bourque	properNoun	oci	Bourque	properNoun	fra
Jin	properNoun	oci	Jin	properNoun	fra
Quessy	properNoun	oci	Quessy	properNoun	fra
comedian	noun	oci	histrion	noun	fra
comedian	noun	oci	comédien	noun	fra
Colina	properNoun	oci	Colina	properNoun	fra
escais	noun	oci	sobriquet	noun	fra
escais	noun	oci	surnom	noun	fra
lençòl	noun	oci	linceul	noun	fra
lençòl	noun	oci	drap	noun	fra
entraïnament	noun	oci	entraînement	noun	fra
ascendent	adjective	oci	ascendant	adjective	fra
fòca	noun	oci	phoque	noun	fra
intestin	adjective	oci	intestin	adjective	fra
di Dio	properNoun	oci	di Dio	properNoun	fra
mercadièr	noun	oci	marchand	noun	fra
Chamberland	properNoun	oci	Chamberland	properNoun	fra
telefòn	noun	oci	téléphone	noun	fra
mena	noun	oci	acabit	noun	fra
mena	noun	oci	sorte	noun	fra
Girona	properNoun	oci	Girona	properNoun	fra
esporadic	adjective	oci	sporadique	adjective	fra
convergéncia	noun	oci	convergence	noun	fra
Addis	properNoun	oci	Addis	properNoun	fra
Sheehy	properNoun	oci	Sheehy	properNoun	fra
lai	adverb	oci	là-bas	adverb	fra
eufemisme	noun	oci	euphémisme	noun	fra
dispositiu	adjective	oci	dispositif	adjective	fra
reivindicar	verb	oci	revendiquer	verb	fra
fervor	noun	oci	ferveur	noun	fra
Trinh	properNoun	oci	Trinh	properNoun	fra
delà	adverb	oci	delà	adverb	fra
delà	adverb	oci	au-delà	adverb	fra
miracle	noun	oci	miracle	noun	fra
Drexler	properNoun	oci	Drexler	properNoun	fra
proprietari	noun	oci	propriétaire	noun	fra
madridenc	noun	oci	Madrilène	noun	fra
kazakh	adjective	oci	kenyan	adjective	fra
Teruel	properNoun	oci	Teruel	properNoun	fra
Santoyo	properNoun	oci	Santoyo	properNoun	fra
Terricabras	properNoun	oci	Terricabras	properNoun	fra
conformacion	noun	oci	conformation	noun	fra
umanitari	noun	oci	humanitaire	noun	fra
Dublin	properNoun	oci	Dublin	properNoun	fra
destacar	verb	oci	ressortir	verb	fra
destacar	verb	oci	détacher	verb	fra
destacar	verb	oci	souligner	verb	fra
destacar	verb	oci	exceller	verb	fra
umitat	noun	oci	humidité	noun	fra
Villepin	properNoun	oci	Villepin	properNoun	fra
boton	noun	oci	bouton	noun	fra
Zedong	properNoun	oci	Zedong	properNoun	fra
aristocratic	adjective	oci	aristocratique	adjective	fra
bucolic	adjective	oci	bucolique	adjective	fra
anodizacion	noun	oci	anodisation	noun	fra
Oses	properNoun	oci	Oses	properNoun	fra
sacrifici	noun	oci	sacrifice	noun	fra
Dina	properNoun	oci	Dina	properNoun	fra
Junior	properNoun	oci	Junior	properNoun	fra
Corèa del Sud	properNoun	oci	Corée du Sud	properNoun	fra
Alegi	properNoun	oci	Alegi	properNoun	fra
Meloche	properNoun	oci	Meloche	properNoun	fra
prevaléncia	noun	oci	prévalence	noun	fra
Albèrt	properNoun	oci	Albert	properNoun	fra
Albèrt	properNoun	oci	Albèrt	properNoun	fra
Deza	properNoun	oci	Deza	properNoun	fra
Alessi	properNoun	oci	Alessi	properNoun	fra
brèca	noun	oci	brèche	noun	fra
fascinant	adjective	oci	fascinant	adjective	fra
Rachael	properNoun	oci	Rachael	properNoun	fra
seishantau	adjective	oci	soixantième	adjective	fra
exprimir	verb	oci	exprimer	verb	fra
Cantó	properNoun	oci	Cantó	properNoun	fra
decidit	adjective	oci	décidé	adjective	fra
pichon	noun	oci	enfant	noun	fra
pichon	noun	oci	petit	noun	fra
pompièr	noun	oci	pompier	noun	fra
virgula	noun	oci	virgule	noun	fra
sinecdòca	noun	oci	synecdoque	noun	fra
Espuga	properNoun	oci	Espuga	properNoun	fra
Castro	properNoun	oci	Castro	properNoun	fra
Lima	properNoun	oci	Lima	properNoun	fra
pelican	noun	oci	pélican	noun	fra
aperitiu	adjective	oci	apéritif	adjective	fra
toxicologia	noun	oci	toxicologie	noun	fra
XIX	numeral	oci	XIXe	adjective	fra
XIX	numeral	oci	XIXème	adjective	fra
XIX	numeral	oci	XIX	numeral	fra
Caldes	properNoun	oci	Caldes	properNoun	fra
Syvret	properNoun	oci	Syvret	properNoun	fra
passatge	noun	oci	passage	noun	fra
benvengut	adjective	oci	bienvenu	adjective	fra
arboç	noun	oci	arbousier	noun	fra
verd	noun	oci	vert	noun	fra
acusat	noun	oci	accusé	noun	fra
Messervier	properNoun	oci	Messervier	properNoun	fra
tressecat	adjective	oci	aride	adjective	fra
cinc cents	numeral	oci	cinq cent	numeral	fra
cinc cents	numeral	oci	cinq-cent	numeral	fra
lusir	verb	oci	luire	verb	fra
licitacion	noun	oci	enchère	noun	fra
licitacion	noun	oci	licitation	noun	fra
Chatterley	properNoun	oci	Chatterley	properNoun	fra
estratagèma	noun	oci	stratagème	noun	fra
rebellion	noun	oci	rébellion	noun	fra
Ribeiro	properNoun	oci	Ribeiro	properNoun	fra
Viciana	properNoun	oci	Viciana	properNoun	fra
Mickaël	properNoun	oci	Mickaël	properNoun	fra
Auriol	properNoun	oci	Auriol	properNoun	fra
Simeone	properNoun	oci	Simeone	properNoun	fra
D'Alema	properNoun	oci	D'Alema	properNoun	fra
Sojo	properNoun	oci	Sojo	properNoun	fra
sòcle	noun	oci	socle	noun	fra
Dionne	properNoun	oci	Dionne	properNoun	fra
sud-american	adjective	oci	sud-américain	adjective	fra
noradrenalina	noun	oci	noradrénaline	noun	fra
Jou	properNoun	oci	Jou	properNoun	fra
desenvolopar	verb	oci	développer	verb	fra
desenvolopar	verb	oci	dérouler	verb	fra
Offenbach	properNoun	oci	Offenbach	properNoun	fra
Extremera	properNoun	oci	Extremera	properNoun	fra
relotjariá	noun	oci	horlogerie	noun	fra
Shanghai	properNoun	oci	Shanghai	properNoun	fra
Ronald	properNoun	oci	Ronald	properNoun	fra
Osullivan	properNoun	oci	Osullivan	properNoun	fra
von Paulus	properNoun	oci	von Paulus	properNoun	fra
divertissent	adjective	oci	divertissant	adjective	fra
sanaire	adjective	oci	châtreur	adjective	fra
aventurar	verb	oci	aventurer	verb	fra
Malta	properNoun	oci	Malte	properNoun	fra
pessimisme	noun	oci	pessimisme	noun	fra
Guardino	properNoun	oci	Guardino	properNoun	fra
programaire	noun	oci	programmeur	noun	fra
Cacho	properNoun	oci	Cacho	properNoun	fra
nilon	noun	oci	nylon	noun	fra
Joxe	properNoun	oci	Joxe	properNoun	fra
Canberra	properNoun	oci	Canberra	properNoun	fra
campanha	noun	oci	campagne	noun	fra
maçonariá	noun	oci	maçonnerie	noun	fra
asil	noun	oci	asile	noun	fra
lanós	adjective	oci	laineux	adjective	fra
Proulx	properNoun	oci	Proulx	properNoun	fra
desafeccion	noun	oci	désaffection	noun	fra
Santonocito	properNoun	oci	Santonocito	properNoun	fra
franchimand	noun	oci	français	noun	fra
Arbide	properNoun	oci	Arbide	properNoun	fra
Carrete	properNoun	oci	Carrete	properNoun	fra
Reyna	properNoun	oci	Reyna	properNoun	fra
Rosemary	properNoun	oci	Rosemary	properNoun	fra
beton	noun	oci	béton	noun	fra
Concas	properNoun	oci	Concas	properNoun	fra
Amigot	properNoun	oci	Amigot	properNoun	fra
quist	noun	oci	kyste	noun	fra
destruire	verb	oci	détruire	verb	fra
neutrino	noun	oci	neutrino	noun	fra
resòlvre	verb	oci	résoudre	verb	fra
fatalisme	noun	oci	fatalisme	noun	fra
timorés	noun	oci	Timorais	noun	fra
destillariá	noun	oci	distillerie	noun	fra
mòble	noun	oci	meuble	noun	fra
telefonar	verb	oci	téléphoner	verb	fra
Castelló de la Plana	properNoun	oci	Castellón de la Plana	properNoun	fra
Malboeuf	properNoun	oci	Malboeuf	properNoun	fra
Falwell	properNoun	oci	Falwell	properNoun	fra
e	coordinatingConjunction	oci	et	coordinatingConjunction	fra
preinscripcion	noun	oci	préinscription	noun	fra
preinscripcion	noun	oci	pré-inscription	noun	fra
generalista	noun	oci	généraliste	noun	fra
instructiu	adjective	oci	instructif	adjective	fra
monosacarid	noun	oci	monosaccharide	noun	fra
un	pronoun	oci	un	pronoun	fra
poscós	adjective	oci	poussiéreux	adjective	fra
trimèstre	noun	oci	trimestre	noun	fra
calcari	adjective	oci	calcaire	adjective	fra
Boissonneault	properNoun	oci	Boissonneault	properNoun	fra
Hajji	properNoun	oci	Hajji	properNoun	fra
Boissinot	properNoun	oci	Boissinot	properNoun	fra
en luòga de	preposition	oci	au lieu de	preposition	fra
grafièr	noun	oci	greffier	noun	fra
Ida	properNoun	oci	Ida	properNoun	fra
bandison	noun	oci	bannissement	noun	fra
ròck	noun	oci	rock	noun	fra
19n	adjective	oci	19ème	adjective	fra
Dieudonné	properNoun	oci	Dieudonné	properNoun	fra
Justícia	properNoun	oci	Justícia	properNoun	fra
terminatiu	adjective	oci	terminatif	adjective	fra
Delamarre	properNoun	oci	Delamarre	properNoun	fra
Rengel	properNoun	oci	Rengel	properNoun	fra
da Palestrina	properNoun	oci	da Palestrina	properNoun	fra
dement	noun	oci	dément	noun	fra
Standard	properNoun	oci	Standard	properNoun	fra
47n	adjective	oci	47ème	adjective	fra
normativa	noun	oci	réglementation	noun	fra
oncle	noun	oci	oncle	noun	fra
Scorsese	properNoun	oci	Scorsese	properNoun	fra
Dahl	properNoun	oci	Dahl	properNoun	fra
Mendizorrotza	properNoun	oci	Mendizorrotza	properNoun	fra
Hagan	properNoun	oci	Hagan	properNoun	fra
Artero	properNoun	oci	Artero	properNoun	fra
sevèrament	adverb	oci	sévèrement	adverb	fra
Ubaud	properNoun	oci	Ubaud	properNoun	fra
empresoar	verb	oci	incarcérer	verb	fra
empresoar	verb	oci	emprisonner	verb	fra
exemplaritat	noun	oci	exemplarité	noun	fra
benesit	adjective	oci	béni	adjective	fra
de Miguel	properNoun	oci	de Miguel	properNoun	fra
Michaudville	properNoun	oci	Michaudville	properNoun	fra
reculhir	verb	oci	recueillir	verb	fra
Côté	properNoun	oci	Côté	properNoun	fra
Guallar	properNoun	oci	Guallar	properNoun	fra
neurologic	adjective	oci	neurologique	adjective	fra
particular	adjective	oci	particulier	adjective	fra
estupefaccion	noun	oci	stupéfaction	noun	fra
temeritat	noun	oci	témérité	noun	fra
Trachy	properNoun	oci	Trachy	properNoun	fra
archipèla	noun	oci	archipel	noun	fra
novèlament	adverb	oci	nouvellement	adverb	fra
brancut	adjective	oci	branchu	adjective	fra
Benaiges	properNoun	oci	Benaiges	properNoun	fra
excellir	verb	oci	exceller	verb	fra
vaporizacion	noun	oci	vaporisation	noun	fra
absolucion	noun	oci	absolution	noun	fra
aquel	pronoun	oci	celui	pronoun	fra
aquel	pronoun	oci	celui-là	pronoun	fra
aquel	pronoun	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aquel	pronoun	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aquel	pronoun	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
aquel	demonstrativePronoun	oci	celui	pronoun	fra
aquel	demonstrativePronoun	oci	celui-là	pronoun	fra
aquel	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aquel	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aquel	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
aquel	determiner	oci	celui	pronoun	fra
aquel	determiner	oci	celui-là	pronoun	fra
aquel	determiner	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aquel	determiner	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aquel	determiner	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
tocar	verb	oci	toucher	verb	fra
Solanas	properNoun	oci	Solanas	properNoun	fra
Palao	properNoun	oci	Palao	properNoun	fra
rodanenc	adjective	oci	rhodanien	adjective	fra
insolent	adjective	oci	insolent	adjective	fra
Vespasià	properNoun	oci	Vespasià	properNoun	fra
Gatien	properNoun	oci	Gatien	properNoun	fra
guerrilha	noun	oci	guérilla	noun	fra
bragueta	noun	oci	braguette	noun	fra
Parsons	properNoun	oci	Parsons	properNoun	fra
melhorament	noun	oci	amélioration	noun	fra
Maureen	properNoun	oci	Maureen	properNoun	fra
Garabedian	properNoun	oci	Garabedian	properNoun	fra
Bea	properNoun	oci	Bea	properNoun	fra
Cadrin	properNoun	oci	Cadrin	properNoun	fra
bengalin	noun	oci	bengali	noun	fra
Crawford	properNoun	oci	Crawford	properNoun	fra
automatizar	verb	oci	automatiser	verb	fra
Tuccitto	properNoun	oci	Tuccitto	properNoun	fra
triplicar	verb	oci	tripler	verb	fra
Nòva Zelanda	properNoun	oci	Nouvelle-Zélande	properNoun	fra
Assaf	properNoun	oci	Assaf	properNoun	fra
polit	adjective	oci	beau	adjective	fra
polit	adjective	oci	joli	adjective	fra
Hoyos	properNoun	oci	Hoyos	properNoun	fra
vuechanta nòu	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-neuf	numeral	fra
riu	noun	oci	rivière	noun	fra
riu	noun	oci	ruisseau	noun	fra
merça	noun	oci	marchandise	noun	fra
paradigmatic	adjective	oci	paradigmatique	adjective	fra
trempolin	noun	oci	tremplin	noun	fra
durcir	verb	oci	durcir	verb	fra
Llerena	properNoun	oci	Llerena	properNoun	fra
Ceballos	properNoun	oci	Ceballos	properNoun	fra
Aspen	properNoun	oci	Aspen	properNoun	fra
casting	noun	oci	casting	noun	fra
dissident	noun	oci	dissident	noun	fra
Cardiel	properNoun	oci	Cardiel	properNoun	fra
mitocondria	noun	oci	mitochondrie	noun	fra
XXVII	numeral	oci	XXVIIème	adjective	fra
XXVII	numeral	oci	XXVIIe	adjective	fra
escolarizacion	noun	oci	scolarisation	noun	fra
possar	verb	oci	stimuler	verb	fra
resquilhós	adjective	oci	glissant	adjective	fra
predicat	noun	oci	prédicat	noun	fra
Lepire	properNoun	oci	Lepire	properNoun	fra
diarrèa	noun	oci	diarrhée	noun	fra
savana	noun	oci	savane	noun	fra
plomb	noun	oci	plomb	noun	fra
Orange-Nassau	properNoun	oci	Orange-Nassau	properNoun	fra
Atta	properNoun	oci	Atta	properNoun	fra
Subias	properNoun	oci	Subias	properNoun	fra
Guadalupe	properNoun	oci	Guadalupe	properNoun	fra
Primeau	properNoun	oci	Primeau	properNoun	fra
pitecantròp	noun	oci	pithécanthrope	noun	fra
tremor	noun	oci	peur	noun	fra
Scheck	properNoun	oci	Scheck	properNoun	fra
Lanuza	properNoun	oci	Lanuza	properNoun	fra
Verdugo	properNoun	oci	Verdugo	properNoun	fra
modernisme	noun	oci	modernisme	noun	fra
tebés	adjective	oci	tiède	adjective	fra
juridicament	adverb	oci	juridiquement	adverb	fra
Laguna	properNoun	oci	Laguna	properNoun	fra
igualar	verb	oci	égaler	verb	fra
idronimia	noun	oci	hydronymie	noun	fra
Heather	properNoun	oci	Heather	properNoun	fra
Rosalie	properNoun	oci	Rosalie	properNoun	fra
covariància	noun	oci	covariance	noun	fra
baliar	verb	oci	donner	verb	fra
metabolisme	noun	oci	métabolisme	noun	fra
Eli	properNoun	oci	Eli	properNoun	fra
aerogara	noun	oci	aérogare	noun	fra
editorial	noun	oci	éditorial	noun	fra
còp e quilha	adverb	oci	souvent	adverb	fra
relacionar	verb	oci	lier	verb	fra
relacionar	verb	oci	relationner	verb	fra
Berthelet	properNoun	oci	Berthelet	properNoun	fra
etruscologia	noun	oci	étruscologie	noun	fra
alga	noun	oci	algue	noun	fra
metafòra	noun	oci	métaphore	noun	fra
mul	noun	oci	mulet	noun	fra
anglés	adjective	oci	anglais	adjective	fra
Chaïkovski	properNoun	oci	Tchaïkovski	properNoun	fra
Neuman	properNoun	oci	Neuman	properNoun	fra
muraire	noun	oci	maçon	noun	fra
principalament	adverb	oci	principalement	adverb	fra
Solange	properNoun	oci	Solange	properNoun	fra
Awan	properNoun	oci	Awan	properNoun	fra
antiracista	adjective	oci	antiraciste	adjective	fra
Bormann	properNoun	oci	Bormann	properNoun	fra
vèspre	noun	oci	après-midi	noun	fra
vèspre	noun	oci	soir	noun	fra
Montfort	properNoun	oci	Montfort	properNoun	fra
Lauzier	properNoun	oci	Lauzier	properNoun	fra
nominalizacion	noun	oci	nominalisation	noun	fra
Chidiac	properNoun	oci	Chidiac	properNoun	fra
Deshaies	properNoun	oci	Deshaies	properNoun	fra
Lloret	properNoun	oci	Lloret	properNoun	fra
alús	noun	oci	levier	noun	fra
Helmholtz	properNoun	oci	Helmholtz	properNoun	fra
Cendra	properNoun	oci	Cendra	properNoun	fra
Vicenç	properNoun	oci	Vicenç	properNoun	fra
postular	verb	oci	postuler	verb	fra
Kolobnev	properNoun	oci	Kolobnev	properNoun	fra
Juneau	properNoun	oci	Juneau	properNoun	fra
esmòure	verb	oci	émouvoir	verb	fra
apocrife	noun	oci	apocryphe	noun	fra
Roux	properNoun	oci	Roux	properNoun	fra
Nogareda	properNoun	oci	Nogareda	properNoun	fra
ajordiu	noun	oci	framboise	noun	fra
Margherita	properNoun	oci	Margherita	properNoun	fra
fraudar	verb	oci	frauder	verb	fra
Marenger	properNoun	oci	Marenger	properNoun	fra
regressiu	adjective	oci	régressif	adjective	fra
Toth	properNoun	oci	Toth	properNoun	fra
Benny	properNoun	oci	Benny	properNoun	fra
rus	adjective	oci	russe	adjective	fra
Candelario	properNoun	oci	Candelario	properNoun	fra
corroborar	verb	oci	corroborer	verb	fra
vèrre	noun	oci	verrat	noun	fra
liberalisme	noun	oci	libéralisme	noun	fra
Dagneau	properNoun	oci	Dagneau	properNoun	fra
Xavier	properNoun	oci	Xavier	properNoun	fra
transit	noun	oci	transit	noun	fra
Suzuki	properNoun	oci	Suzuki	properNoun	fra
pifre	noun	oci	fifre	noun	fra
Eastwood	properNoun	oci	Eastwood	properNoun	fra
cinquen	adjective	oci	cinquième	adjective	fra
von Dellmensingen	properNoun	oci	von Dellmensingen	properNoun	fra
Mongolia	properNoun	oci	Mongolie	properNoun	fra
Armanhac	properNoun	oci	Armagnac	properNoun	fra
Brochu	properNoun	oci	Brochu	properNoun	fra
fluorita	noun	oci	fluorite	noun	fra
connèx	adjective	oci	connexe	adjective	fra
escriba	noun	oci	scribe	noun	fra
del punt de vista de	preposition	oci	du point de vue de	preposition	fra
Hautcoeur	properNoun	oci	Hautcoeur	properNoun	fra
Miner	properNoun	oci	Miner	properNoun	fra
botiga	noun	oci	magasin	noun	fra
botiga	noun	oci	boutique	noun	fra
brèu	adjective	oci	bref	adjective	fra
diacronia	noun	oci	diachronie	noun	fra
Christina	properNoun	oci	Christina	properNoun	fra
caçòla	noun	oci	terrine	noun	fra
caçòla	noun	oci	casserole	noun	fra
poirir	verb	oci	pourrir	verb	fra
encaissar	verb	oci	encaisser	verb	fra
Mayette	properNoun	oci	Mayette	properNoun	fra
Intel	properNoun	oci	Intel	properNoun	fra
Lafontant	properNoun	oci	Lafontant	properNoun	fra
EUA	properNoun	oci	EUA	properNoun	fra
galaria	noun	oci	galerie	noun	fra
Castañer	properNoun	oci	Castañer	properNoun	fra
isometria	noun	oci	isométrie	noun	fra
palliatiu	adjective	oci	palliatif	adjective	fra
Basilio	properNoun	oci	Basilio	properNoun	fra
erbivòr	noun	oci	herbivore	noun	fra
maceracion	noun	oci	macération	noun	fra
cap d'òbra	noun	oci	chef-d'œuvre	noun	fra
Guibord	properNoun	oci	Guibord	properNoun	fra
enlairar	verb	oci	élever	verb	fra
Kaitlyn	properNoun	oci	Kaitlyn	properNoun	fra
Sant Cristòl e Nevis	properNoun	oci	Saint-Christophe-et-Niévès	properNoun	fra
provocar	verb	oci	provoquer	verb	fra
supraconductivitat	noun	oci	supraconductivité	noun	fra
dominat	adjective	oci	dominé	adjective	fra
37n	adjective	oci	37ème	adjective	fra
mecanizar	verb	oci	mécaniser	verb	fra
Enzo	properNoun	oci	Enzo	properNoun	fra
avant	noun	oci	avant	noun	fra
Jornalet	properNoun	oci	Jornalet	properNoun	fra
clamar	verb	oci	clamer	verb	fra
Lafuente	properNoun	oci	Lafuente	properNoun	fra
esquist	noun	oci	schiste	noun	fra
anglicizar	verb	oci	angliciser	verb	fra
Orru	properNoun	oci	Orru	properNoun	fra
pèca	noun	oci	faute	noun	fra
paraguaian	adjective	oci	paraguayen	adjective	fra
entrapelar	verb	oci	piéger	verb	fra
Gustau	properNoun	oci	Gustave	properNoun	fra
Gustau	properNoun	oci	Gustau	properNoun	fra
Rogel	properNoun	oci	Rogel	properNoun	fra
Pita	properNoun	oci	Pita	properNoun	fra
catorzen	adjective	oci	quatorzième	adjective	fra
transgenic	adjective	oci	transgénique	adjective	fra
libe	noun	oci	livre	noun	fra
Murgia	properNoun	oci	Murgia	properNoun	fra
ueitau	adjective	oci	huitième	adjective	fra
judaïsme	noun	oci	judaïsme	noun	fra
a l'excepcion de	preposition	oci	à l'exception de	preposition	fra
fust	noun	oci	bois	noun	fra
von Manstein	properNoun	oci	von Manstein	properNoun	fra
integrant	noun	oci	intégrant	noun	fra
documentari	noun	oci	documentaire	noun	fra
acetilèn	noun	oci	acétylène	noun	fra
Nault	properNoun	oci	Nault	properNoun	fra
perfièit	noun	oci	parfait	noun	fra
Nicol	properNoun	oci	Nicol	properNoun	fra
nazi	noun	oci	nazi	noun	fra
del Castillo	properNoun	oci	del Castillo	properNoun	fra
Rodriguez	properNoun	oci	Rodriguez	properNoun	fra
elefant	noun	oci	éléphant	noun	fra
Crow	properNoun	oci	Crow	properNoun	fra
companhiá	noun	oci	compagnie	noun	fra
Milošević	properNoun	oci	Milošević	properNoun	fra
emorragic	adjective	oci	hémorragique	adjective	fra
verdura	noun	oci	verdure	noun	fra
estrechament	adverb	oci	étroitement	adverb	fra
Kanouté	properNoun	oci	Kanouté	properNoun	fra
en fach	adverb	oci	en fait	adverb	fra
còstarican	adjective	oci	costaricien	adjective	fra
ambicionar	verb	oci	ambitionner	verb	fra
Argièr	properNoun	oci	Alger	properNoun	fra
ath còp	adverb	oci	à la fois	adverb	fra
polarizacion	noun	oci	polarisation	noun	fra
avantatjar	verb	oci	avantager	verb	fra
Aykroyd	properNoun	oci	Aykroyd	properNoun	fra
teisme	noun	oci	théisme	noun	fra
Grifoll	properNoun	oci	Grifoll	properNoun	fra
a fuòc e sang	adverb	oci	à feu et à sang	adverb	fra
còca	noun	oci	gâteau	noun	fra
Bové	properNoun	oci	Bové	properNoun	fra
bulletin	noun	oci	bulletin	noun	fra
sionista	adjective	oci	sioniste	adjective	fra
Longpré	properNoun	oci	Longpré	properNoun	fra
Estrany	properNoun	oci	Estrany	properNoun	fra
Palma	properNoun	oci	Palma	properNoun	fra
Mas i Marí	properNoun	oci	Mas i Marí	properNoun	fra
gave	noun	oci	gave	noun	fra
Viñolas	properNoun	oci	Viñolas	properNoun	fra
falta	noun	oci	faute	noun	fra
Madrid	properNoun	oci	Madrid	properNoun	fra
Sheppard	properNoun	oci	Sheppard	properNoun	fra
País de Galas	properNoun	oci	Pays de Galles	properNoun	fra
tristesa	noun	oci	tristesse	noun	fra
Ezquerra	properNoun	oci	Ezquerra	properNoun	fra
XIV	numeral	oci	XIVe	adjective	fra
XIV	numeral	oci	XIV	numeral	fra
XIV	numeral	oci	XIVème	adjective	fra
Yelamos	properNoun	oci	Yelamos	properNoun	fra
subrevida	noun	oci	survie	noun	fra
manifestant	noun	oci	manifestant	noun	fra
lucratiu	adjective	oci	lucratif	adjective	fra
Hogg	properNoun	oci	Hogg	properNoun	fra
colesteròl	noun	oci	cholestérol	noun	fra
sensibilitat	noun	oci	sensibilité	noun	fra
Debonis	properNoun	oci	Debonis	properNoun	fra
astronautica	noun	oci	astronautique	noun	fra
oligarca	noun	oci	oligarque	noun	fra
Blatter	properNoun	oci	Blatter	properNoun	fra
prodigiós	adjective	oci	prodigieux	adjective	fra
Livernoche	properNoun	oci	Livernoche	properNoun	fra
Raimi	properNoun	oci	Raimi	properNoun	fra
Lacaille	properNoun	oci	Lacaille	properNoun	fra
seda	noun	oci	soie	noun	fra
Marna	properNoun	oci	Marne	properNoun	fra
Marna	properNoun	oci	la Marne	properNoun	fra
recòlta	noun	oci	récolte	noun	fra
Joséphine	properNoun	oci	Joséphine	properNoun	fra
fals	adjective	oci	faux	adjective	fra
susceptible	adjective	oci	susceptible	adjective	fra
participar	verb	oci	participer	verb	fra
Poggi	properNoun	oci	Poggi	properNoun	fra
Rochefort	properNoun	oci	Rochefort	properNoun	fra
Von Beust	properNoun	oci	Von Beust	properNoun	fra
afinament	noun	oci	affinement	noun	fra
Tafalla	properNoun	oci	Tafalla	properNoun	fra
Nòva Caledònia	properNoun	oci	Nouvelle-Calédonie	properNoun	fra
segond	noun	oci	deuxième	noun	fra
segond	noun	oci	second	noun	fra
Ines	properNoun	oci	Ines	properNoun	fra
Decard	properNoun	oci	Decard	properNoun	fra
demotic	adjective	oci	démotique	adjective	fra
Gumbau	properNoun	oci	Gumbau	properNoun	fra
ometre	verb	oci	omettre	verb	fra
grapaud	noun	oci	crapaud	noun	fra
bòta	noun	oci	botte	noun	fra
santificar	verb	oci	sanctifier	verb	fra
covalent	adjective	oci	covalent	adjective	fra
Tierno	properNoun	oci	Tierno	properNoun	fra
Ness	properNoun	oci	Ness	properNoun	fra
puntualament	adverb	oci	ponctuellement	adverb	fra
puntualament	adverb	oci	à l'heure	adverb	fra
participatiu	adjective	oci	participatif	adjective	fra
a bèla corsa	adverb	oci	avec empressement	adverb	fra
Griera	properNoun	oci	Griera	properNoun	fra
Morton	properNoun	oci	Morton	properNoun	fra
kowaitian	noun	oci	Koweïtien	noun	fra
Guérette	properNoun	oci	Guérette	properNoun	fra
Ferreras	properNoun	oci	Ferreras	properNoun	fra
acoblament	noun	oci	accouplement	noun	fra
acoblament	noun	oci	couplage	noun	fra
Karenina	properNoun	oci	Karenina	properNoun	fra
narrejaire	adjective	oci	nasillard	adjective	fra
entrebescat	adjective	oci	abscons	adjective	fra
dispensari	noun	oci	dispensaire	noun	fra
citron	noun	oci	citron	noun	fra
mossa	noun	oci	mousse	noun	fra
Rancourt	properNoun	oci	Rancourt	properNoun	fra
Anguita	properNoun	oci	Anguita	properNoun	fra
Arbiol	properNoun	oci	Arbiol	properNoun	fra
Guil	properNoun	oci	Guil	properNoun	fra
Scarponi	properNoun	oci	Scarponi	properNoun	fra
Socias	properNoun	oci	Socias	properNoun	fra
nostalgic	noun	oci	nostalgique	noun	fra
crivelar	verb	oci	cribler	verb	fra
cellular	adjective	oci	cellulaire	adjective	fra
Babineau	properNoun	oci	Babineau	properNoun	fra
Giró	properNoun	oci	Giró	properNoun	fra
instrumentalizacion	noun	oci	instrumentalisation	noun	fra
triple	adjective	oci	triple	adjective	fra
monada	noun	oci	monade	noun	fra
Fité	properNoun	oci	Fité	properNoun	fra
Trovato	properNoun	oci	Trovato	properNoun	fra
scèna	noun	oci	scène	noun	fra
Shi	properNoun	oci	Shi	properNoun	fra
Font	properNoun	oci	Font	properNoun	fra
Rosa	properNoun	oci	Rosa	properNoun	fra
crosada	noun	oci	croisement	noun	fra
crosada	noun	oci	croisade	noun	fra
crosada	noun	oci	croisée	noun	fra
nacionalizar	verb	oci	nationaliser	verb	fra
Arocas	properNoun	oci	Arocas	properNoun	fra
Jacono	properNoun	oci	Jacono	properNoun	fra
Roberta	properNoun	oci	Roberta	properNoun	fra
contactable	adjective	oci	contactable	adjective	fra
Avril	properNoun	oci	Avril	properNoun	fra
retorica	noun	oci	rhétorique	noun	fra
modalitat	noun	oci	modalité	noun	fra
ièr de ser	adverb	oci	hier soir	adverb	fra
meravilhós	adjective	oci	merveilleux	adjective	fra
Barrantes	properNoun	oci	Barrantes	properNoun	fra
perdonar	verb	oci	pardonner	verb	fra
addicionar	verb	oci	additionner	verb	fra
Garfunkel	properNoun	oci	Garfunkel	properNoun	fra
calanca	noun	oci	anse	noun	fra
calanca	noun	oci	crique	noun	fra
doble	adjective	oci	double	adjective	fra
film	noun	oci	film	noun	fra
termitièra	noun	oci	termitière	noun	fra
Asma	properNoun	oci	Asma	properNoun	fra
foneticament	adverb	oci	phonétiquement	adverb	fra
genealogic	adjective	oci	généalogique	adjective	fra
Norma	properNoun	oci	Norma	properNoun	fra
baron	noun	oci	baron	noun	fra
aptitud	noun	oci	aptitude	noun	fra
incunable	noun	oci	incunable	noun	fra
Whedon	properNoun	oci	Whedon	properNoun	fra
mostièr	noun	oci	monastère	noun	fra
Ametller	properNoun	oci	Ametller	properNoun	fra
informaticament	adverb	oci	informatiquement	adverb	fra
doblatge	noun	oci	doublage	noun	fra
Baqué	properNoun	oci	Baqué	properNoun	fra
comparatista	noun	oci	comparatiste	noun	fra
genièr	noun	oci	janvier	noun	fra
pulsacion	noun	oci	pulsation	noun	fra
Godia	properNoun	oci	Godia	properNoun	fra
Harmony	properNoun	oci	Harmony	properNoun	fra
Cauchon	properNoun	oci	Cauchon	properNoun	fra
moderadament	adverb	oci	modérément	adverb	fra
flècha	noun	oci	flèche	noun	fra
Caine	properNoun	oci	Caine	properNoun	fra
McNamara	properNoun	oci	McNamara	properNoun	fra
relacion	noun	oci	relation	noun	fra
relacion	noun	oci	récit	noun	fra
reabilitar	verb	oci	réhabiliter	verb	fra
taxi	noun	oci	taxi	noun	fra
carròta	noun	oci	carotte	noun	fra
memorizar	verb	oci	mémoriser	verb	fra
Piella	properNoun	oci	Piella	properNoun	fra
difondre	verb	oci	diffuser	verb	fra
immòble	noun	oci	immeuble	noun	fra
Espasa	properNoun	oci	Espasa	properNoun	fra
jaspi	noun	oci	jaspe	noun	fra
relaxant	adjective	oci	relaxant	adjective	fra
Milani	properNoun	oci	Milani	properNoun	fra
Vosgien	properNoun	oci	Vosgien	properNoun	fra
Rindt	properNoun	oci	Rindt	properNoun	fra
ruscada	noun	oci	lessive	noun	fra
Tardà	properNoun	oci	Tardà	properNoun	fra
branca	noun	oci	branche	noun	fra
branca	noun	oci	andouiller	noun	fra
sinonim	noun	oci	synonyme	noun	fra
Capistran	properNoun	oci	Capistran	properNoun	fra
Quevedo	properNoun	oci	Quevedo	properNoun	fra
Flaqué	properNoun	oci	Flaqué	properNoun	fra
joièl	noun	oci	joyau	noun	fra
montanhós	adjective	oci	montagneux	adjective	fra
iperonime	noun	oci	hyperonyme	noun	fra
Atherton	properNoun	oci	Atherton	properNoun	fra
Auguste	properNoun	oci	Auguste	properNoun	fra
argentin	noun	oci	Argentin	noun	fra
tralh	noun	oci	trace	noun	fra
sillabari	noun	oci	syllabaire	noun	fra
parpalhòl	noun	oci	papillon	noun	fra
Eliza	properNoun	oci	Eliza	properNoun	fra
conglomerar	verb	oci	conglomérer	verb	fra
belizian	adjective	oci	bélizien	adjective	fra
Préfontaine	properNoun	oci	Préfontaine	properNoun	fra
sincretisme	noun	oci	syncrétisme	noun	fra
trempada	noun	oci	trempe	noun	fra
Aqualung	properNoun	oci	Aqualung	properNoun	fra
Evelyne	properNoun	oci	Evelyne	properNoun	fra
Carnot	properNoun	oci	Carnot	properNoun	fra
constitutiu	adjective	oci	constitutif	adjective	fra
Cedeño	properNoun	oci	Cedeño	properNoun	fra
sinfisi	noun	oci	symphyse	noun	fra
nauc	noun	oci	auge	noun	fra
Marsh	properNoun	oci	Marsh	properNoun	fra
juec	noun	oci	jeu	noun	fra
nostalgia	noun	oci	nostalgie	noun	fra
Martucci	properNoun	oci	Martucci	properNoun	fra
Anne-Marie	properNoun	oci	Anne-Marie	properNoun	fra
LAB	noun	oci	LAB	noun	fra
recomandar	verb	oci	recommander	verb	fra
conclave	noun	oci	conclave	noun	fra
crèdit	noun	oci	crédit	noun	fra
El Amrani	properNoun	oci	El Amrani	properNoun	fra
sensa	preposition	oci	sans	preposition	fra
Endre e Léger	properNoun	oci	Indre-et-Loire	properNoun	fra
non acomplir	verb	oci	manquer à	verb	fra
Allué	properNoun	oci	Allué	properNoun	fra
Canut	properNoun	oci	Canut	properNoun	fra
obténer	verb	oci	obtenir	verb	fra
Ouvert	properNoun	oci	Ouvert	properNoun	fra
Carrascosa	properNoun	oci	Carrascosa	properNoun	fra
laissar	verb	oci	laisser	verb	fra
domesticacion	noun	oci	domestication	noun	fra
Sayyaf	properNoun	oci	Sayyaf	properNoun	fra
copiós	adjective	oci	copieux	adjective	fra
Hensen	properNoun	oci	Hensen	properNoun	fra
urologia	noun	oci	urologie	noun	fra
Peláez	properNoun	oci	Peláez	properNoun	fra
rufe	adjective	oci	rude	adjective	fra
rèuma	noun	oci	rhume	noun	fra
tapera	noun	oci	câpre	noun	fra
enguan	adverb	oci	cette année	adverb	fra
aculhir	verb	oci	accueillir	verb	fra
kabuki	noun	oci	kabuki	noun	fra
Benéitez	properNoun	oci	Benéitez	properNoun	fra
escrupulós	adjective	oci	scrupuleux	adjective	fra
de León	properNoun	oci	de León	properNoun	fra
Amazonia	properNoun	oci	Amazonie	properNoun	fra
Eizaguirre	properNoun	oci	Eizaguirre	properNoun	fra
Turnbull	properNoun	oci	Turnbull	properNoun	fra
Michael	properNoun	oci	Michael	properNoun	fra
Obeid	properNoun	oci	Obeid	properNoun	fra
Agnieszka	properNoun	oci	Agnieszka	properNoun	fra
Rincón	properNoun	oci	Rincón	properNoun	fra
chòt	noun	oci	hibou	noun	fra
narracion	noun	oci	narration	noun	fra
Gretel	properNoun	oci	Gretel	properNoun	fra
boicotar	verb	oci	boycotter	verb	fra
Silvera	properNoun	oci	Silvera	properNoun	fra
Toupin	properNoun	oci	Toupin	properNoun	fra
Clairoux	properNoun	oci	Clairoux	properNoun	fra
visat	noun	oci	visa	noun	fra
girafa	noun	oci	girafe	noun	fra
coronar	verb	oci	couronner	verb	fra
coronar	verb	oci	damer	verb	fra
sosentendre	verb	oci	sous-entendre	verb	fra
diversificacion	noun	oci	diversification	noun	fra
nòrd-american	adjective	oci	nord-américain	adjective	fra
von Weizsaecker	properNoun	oci	von Weizsaecker	properNoun	fra
medalhat	noun	oci	médaillé	noun	fra
beleta	noun	oci	bette	noun	fra
incivilitat	noun	oci	incivilité	noun	fra
Powers	properNoun	oci	Powers	properNoun	fra
bedòs	adjective	oci	bègue	adjective	fra
trobadura	noun	oci	trouvaille	noun	fra
laténcia	noun	oci	latence	noun	fra
en fonccion	adverb	oci	en fonction	adverb	fra
extremista	noun	oci	extrémiste	noun	fra
Acebes	properNoun	oci	Acebes	properNoun	fra
lama	noun	oci	lame	noun	fra
Ronquillo	properNoun	oci	Ronquillo	properNoun	fra
Donizetti	properNoun	oci	Donizetti	properNoun	fra
Estrella	properNoun	oci	Estrella	properNoun	fra
monedar	verb	oci	monnayer	verb	fra
Goldwater	properNoun	oci	Goldwater	properNoun	fra
Sabat	properNoun	oci	Sabat	properNoun	fra
prolongar	verb	oci	prolonger	verb	fra
Simmons	properNoun	oci	Simmons	properNoun	fra
tecnic	adjective	oci	technique	adjective	fra
Sills	properNoun	oci	Sills	properNoun	fra
creir	verb	oci	croire	verb	fra
terror	noun	oci	terreur	noun	fra
afirmar	verb	oci	affirmer	verb	fra
Izri	properNoun	oci	Izri	properNoun	fra
euclidian	adjective	oci	euclidien	adjective	fra
jacobin	adjective	oci	jacobin	adjective	fra
èst	noun	oci	est	noun	fra
Atlantic	properNoun	oci	Atlantique	properNoun	fra
Pichardo	properNoun	oci	Pichardo	properNoun	fra
Chateauneuf	properNoun	oci	Chateauneuf	properNoun	fra
collocacion	noun	oci	colocation	noun	fra
calmant	adjective	oci	calmant	adjective	fra
Bateman	properNoun	oci	Bateman	properNoun	fra
volumic	adjective	oci	volumique	adjective	fra
discutir	verb	oci	discuter	verb	fra
discutir	verb	oci	disputer	verb	fra
Cabarrocas	properNoun	oci	Cabarrocas	properNoun	fra
urgéncia	noun	oci	urgence	noun	fra
setzen	adjective	oci	seizième	adjective	fra
fibrós	adjective	oci	fibreux	adjective	fra
onomastic	adjective	oci	onomastique	adjective	fra
scission	noun	oci	scission	noun	fra
Gold	properNoun	oci	Gold	properNoun	fra
von Seidl	properNoun	oci	von Seidl	properNoun	fra
Jeff	properNoun	oci	Jeff	properNoun	fra
Weiner	properNoun	oci	Weiner	properNoun	fra
optic	adjective	oci	optique	adjective	fra
dialectològ	noun	oci	dialectologue	noun	fra
antecedent	noun	oci	antécédent	noun	fra
rabiment	noun	oci	ravissement	noun	fra
dreit	adverb	oci	droit	adverb	fra
demandaire	adjective	oci	demandeur	adjective	fra
Bradbury	properNoun	oci	Bradbury	properNoun	fra
Aden	properNoun	oci	Aden	properNoun	fra
de cuòu	adverb	oci	sur le cul	adverb	fra
Anatòli	properNoun	oci	Anatòli	properNoun	fra
numerari	noun	oci	numéraire	noun	fra
manièira	noun	oci	manière	noun	fra
mimetic	adjective	oci	mimétique	adjective	fra
Martinhon	properNoun	oci	Martinhon	properNoun	fra
Maffei	properNoun	oci	Maffei	properNoun	fra
lo tieu	pronoun	oci	le tien	pronoun	fra
lo tieu	pronoun	oci	ton	determiner	fra
lo tieu	pronoun	oci	ton	possessivePronoun	fra
lo tieu	determiner	oci	le tien	pronoun	fra
lo tieu	determiner	oci	ton	determiner	fra
lo tieu	determiner	oci	ton	possessivePronoun	fra
lo tieu	possessivePronoun	oci	le tien	pronoun	fra
lo tieu	possessivePronoun	oci	ton	determiner	fra
lo tieu	possessivePronoun	oci	ton	possessivePronoun	fra
abaissar	verb	oci	abaisser	verb	fra
atlantic	adjective	oci	atlantique	adjective	fra
acordeonista	noun	oci	accordéoniste	noun	fra
rinoceròs	noun	oci	rhinocéros	noun	fra
Bollar	properNoun	oci	Bollar	properNoun	fra
insignificant	adjective	oci	insignifiant	adjective	fra
Canaleta	properNoun	oci	Canaleta	properNoun	fra
sacrilègi	noun	oci	sacrilège	noun	fra
fermentar	verb	oci	fermenter	verb	fra
punet	noun	oci	bise	noun	fra
punet	noun	oci	bisou	noun	fra
correspondre	verb	oci	correspondre	verb	fra
expropriacion	noun	oci	expropriation	noun	fra
malonèste	adjective	oci	malhonnête	adjective	fra
doxologia	noun	oci	doxologie	noun	fra
rectiligne	adjective	oci	rectiligne	adjective	fra
esitant	adjective	oci	hésitant	adjective	fra
Cao	properNoun	oci	Cao	properNoun	fra
domotica	noun	oci	domotique	noun	fra
Leclercq	properNoun	oci	Leclercq	properNoun	fra
Parcerisa	properNoun	oci	Parcerisa	properNoun	fra
Campagna	properNoun	oci	Campagna	properNoun	fra
readmetre	verb	oci	réadmettre	verb	fra
entrò a	preposition	oci	jusqu'à	preposition	fra
entrò a	preposition	oci	jusque	preposition	fra
Sant	properNoun	oci	Sant	properNoun	fra
capverdian	adjective	oci	cap-verdien	adjective	fra
preson	noun	oci	prison	noun	fra
sulfuric	adjective	oci	sulfurique	adjective	fra
Akrami	properNoun	oci	Akrami	properNoun	fra
descapotable	adjective	oci	décapotable	adjective	fra
reialament	adverb	oci	royalement	adverb	fra
maltractament	noun	oci	maltraitement	noun	fra
idrografia	noun	oci	hydrographie	noun	fra
ager	adverb	oci	hier	adverb	fra
Lefrançois	properNoun	oci	Lefrançois	properNoun	fra
preséncia	noun	oci	présence	noun	fra
intime	noun	oci	intime	noun	fra
exteriorizar	verb	oci	extérioriser	verb	fra
Duclos	properNoun	oci	Duclos	properNoun	fra
quadrant	noun	oci	quadrant	noun	fra
malnet	adjective	oci	malpropre	adjective	fra
Subirós	properNoun	oci	Subirós	properNoun	fra
durar	verb	oci	durer	verb	fra
servicial	noun	oci	serveur	noun	fra
reptant	adjective	oci	rampant	adjective	fra
Carratalà	properNoun	oci	Carratalà	properNoun	fra
dessenh	noun	oci	dessin	noun	fra
insolit	adjective	oci	insolite	adjective	fra
oxidable	adjective	oci	oxydable	adjective	fra
Labarre	properNoun	oci	Labarre	properNoun	fra
epilacion	noun	oci	épilation	noun	fra
panic	noun	oci	panique	noun	fra
sanaire	noun	oci	châtreur	noun	fra
Vaudeville	properNoun	oci	Vaudeville	properNoun	fra
Hachette	properNoun	oci	Hachette	properNoun	fra
colomna	noun	oci	colonne	noun	fra
fuga	noun	oci	fugue	noun	fra
pal	noun	oci	bâton	noun	fra
pal	noun	oci	poteau	noun	fra
a bèles dos	adverb	oci	deux par deux	adverb	fra
carlista	noun	oci	carliste	noun	fra
Buendía	properNoun	oci	Buendía	properNoun	fra
insulina	noun	oci	insuline	noun	fra
testièra	noun	oci	chevet	noun	fra
Abdelkader	properNoun	oci	Abdelkader	properNoun	fra
Santi	properNoun	oci	Santi	properNoun	fra
Carvajal	properNoun	oci	Carvajal	properNoun	fra
garda	noun	oci	garde	noun	fra
Jarvis	properNoun	oci	Jarvis	properNoun	fra
Char	properNoun	oci	Cher	properNoun	fra
del temps de	preposition	oci	à l'époque de	preposition	fra
Werder	properNoun	oci	Werder	properNoun	fra
Cintas	properNoun	oci	Cintas	properNoun	fra
Trencavèl	properNoun	oci	Trencavel	properNoun	fra
reportar	verb	oci	reporter	verb	fra
peruvian	noun	oci	Péruvien	noun	fra
blanqueta	noun	oci	blanquette	noun	fra
Gay-Lussac	properNoun	oci	Gay-Lussac	properNoun	fra
Vilches	properNoun	oci	Vilches	properNoun	fra
imitar	verb	oci	imiter	verb	fra
astrologic	adjective	oci	astrologique	adjective	fra
Homier	properNoun	oci	Homier	properNoun	fra
maligne	adjective	oci	maligne	adjective	fra
Samblás	properNoun	oci	Samblás	properNoun	fra
exotic	adjective	oci	exotique	adjective	fra
fallic	adjective	oci	phallique	adjective	fra
Salvans	properNoun	oci	Salvans	properNoun	fra
Tintin	properNoun	oci	Tintin	properNoun	fra
Duhaime	properNoun	oci	Duhaime	properNoun	fra
Mangano	properNoun	oci	Mangano	properNoun	fra
Maia	properNoun	oci	Maia	properNoun	fra
amb la tòca de	preposition	oci	dans le but de	preposition	fra
von Schellendorf	properNoun	oci	von Schellendorf	properNoun	fra
pervertir	verb	oci	pervertir	verb	fra
Lete	properNoun	oci	Lete	properNoun	fra
Filiatrault	properNoun	oci	Filiatrault	properNoun	fra
mejanament	adverb	oci	moyennement	adverb	fra
enumerar	verb	oci	énumérer	verb	fra
Deusdad	properNoun	oci	Deusdad	properNoun	fra
Haití	properNoun	oci	Haïti	properNoun	fra
Oppenheimer	properNoun	oci	Oppenheimer	properNoun	fra
selha	noun	oci	bassine	noun	fra
selha	noun	oci	seille	noun	fra
selha	noun	oci	seau	noun	fra
mucosa	noun	oci	muqueuse	noun	fra
nòble	noun	oci	noble	noun	fra
inconsisténcia	noun	oci	inconsistance	noun	fra
Venècia	properNoun	oci	Venise	properNoun	fra
Borrero	properNoun	oci	Borrero	properNoun	fra
Granja	properNoun	oci	Granja	properNoun	fra
car	noun	oci	car	noun	fra
Castán	properNoun	oci	Castán	properNoun	fra
participaire	noun	oci	participant	noun	fra
Cosialls	properNoun	oci	Cosialls	properNoun	fra
aporia	noun	oci	aporie	noun	fra
Sauerbruch	properNoun	oci	Sauerbruch	properNoun	fra
blaisan	noun	oci	molène	noun	fra
contractil	adjective	oci	contractile	adjective	fra
Piqué	properNoun	oci	Piqué	properNoun	fra
Inquisicion	properNoun	oci	Inquisition	properNoun	fra
Katrina	properNoun	oci	Katrina	properNoun	fra
National Geographic	properNoun	oci	National Geographic	properNoun	fra
Varga	properNoun	oci	Varga	properNoun	fra
òstia	noun	oci	hostie	noun	fra
justificar	verb	oci	justifier	verb	fra
Etoo	properNoun	oci	Etoo	properNoun	fra
tà baish	adverb	oci	en bas	adverb	fra
caledonian	adjective	oci	Calédonien	adjective	fra
caledonian	adjective	oci	néo-calédonien	adjective	fra
toxicitat	noun	oci	toxicité	noun	fra
Vinci	properNoun	oci	Vinci	properNoun	fra
magnific	adjective	oci	magnifique	adjective	fra
Georges	properNoun	oci	Georges	properNoun	fra
defectuós	adjective	oci	défectueux	adjective	fra
M	numeral	oci	M	numeral	fra
Swaziland	properNoun	oci	Swaziland	properNoun	fra
joguina	noun	oci	jouet	noun	fra
de Witte	properNoun	oci	de Witte	properNoun	fra
proselitisme	noun	oci	prosélytisme	noun	fra
Gwendoline	properNoun	oci	Gwendoline	properNoun	fra
Ureña	properNoun	oci	Ureña	properNoun	fra
amassar	verb	oci	réunir	verb	fra
amassar	verb	oci	rassembler	verb	fra
amassar	verb	oci	rallier	verb	fra
Republica Centrafricana	properNoun	oci	République centrafricaine	properNoun	fra
planh	noun	oci	pleur	noun	fra
planh	noun	oci	plainte	noun	fra
Doña	properNoun	oci	Doña	properNoun	fra
reconcentrar	verb	oci	reconcentrer	verb	fra
arna	noun	oci	mite	noun	fra
acetificar	verb	oci	acétifier	verb	fra
desacadiar	verb	oci	déchaîner	verb	fra
desacadiar	verb	oci	délier	verb	fra
repartiment	noun	oci	répartition	noun	fra
Forner	properNoun	oci	Forner	properNoun	fra
aplec	noun	oci	meeting	noun	fra
en admetent que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	en admettant que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Montcalm	properNoun	oci	Montcalm	properNoun	fra
orquèstra	noun	oci	orchestre	noun	fra
Ilsa	properNoun	oci	Ilsa	properNoun	fra
baujum	noun	oci	folie	noun	fra
Arruabarrena	properNoun	oci	Arruabarrena	properNoun	fra
Sauro	properNoun	oci	Sauro	properNoun	fra
Calmet	properNoun	oci	Calmet	properNoun	fra
Massé	properNoun	oci	Massé	properNoun	fra
Théophile	properNoun	oci	Théophile	properNoun	fra
hòraviar	verb	oci	égarer	verb	fra
aubèrja	noun	oci	auberge	noun	fra
del Hoyo	properNoun	oci	del Hoyo	properNoun	fra
Tuduri	properNoun	oci	Tuduri	properNoun	fra
Caravaggio	properNoun	oci	Caravaggio	properNoun	fra
sovietic	adjective	oci	soviétique	adjective	fra
Gelada	properNoun	oci	Gelada	properNoun	fra
conglaç	noun	oci	glacier	noun	fra
pressupòst	noun	oci	budget	noun	fra
Miramón	properNoun	oci	Miramón	properNoun	fra
filigrana	noun	oci	filigrane	noun	fra
Anglada	properNoun	oci	Anglada	properNoun	fra
Ginesta	properNoun	oci	Ginesta	properNoun	fra
conduita	noun	oci	conduite	noun	fra
expedir	verb	oci	expédier	verb	fra
expedir	verb	oci	router	verb	fra
Cantillo	properNoun	oci	Cantillo	properNoun	fra
Roubaix	properNoun	oci	Roubaix	properNoun	fra
neutralista	noun	oci	neutraliste	noun	fra
Hernández	properNoun	oci	Hernández	properNoun	fra
disminucion	noun	oci	diminution	noun	fra
Bustamante	properNoun	oci	Bustamante	properNoun	fra
diada	noun	oci	dyade	noun	fra
utopia	noun	oci	utopie	noun	fra
Payán	properNoun	oci	Payán	properNoun	fra
mostarda	noun	oci	moutarde	noun	fra
Lebrón	properNoun	oci	Lebrón	properNoun	fra
jardinièr	noun	oci	jardinier	noun	fra
Fresnel	properNoun	oci	Fresnel	properNoun	fra
Meilleur	properNoun	oci	Meilleur	properNoun	fra
Hérard	properNoun	oci	Hérard	properNoun	fra
semitisme	noun	oci	sémitisme	noun	fra
las	adjective	oci	las	adjective	fra
Valin	properNoun	oci	Valin	properNoun	fra
Padrosa	properNoun	oci	Padrosa	properNoun	fra
Humanes	properNoun	oci	Humanes	properNoun	fra
Hajjar	properNoun	oci	Hajjar	properNoun	fra
vertuós	adjective	oci	vertueux	adjective	fra
Orne	properNoun	oci	Orne	properNoun	fra
ciri	noun	oci	cierge	noun	fra
sòu	noun	oci	sol	noun	fra
sòu	noun	oci	salaire	noun	fra
sòu	noun	oci	sou	noun	fra
Adarraga	properNoun	oci	Adarraga	properNoun	fra
Pincay	properNoun	oci	Pincay	properNoun	fra
unitari	adjective	oci	unitaire	adjective	fra
supausat que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	à supposer que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
tireta	noun	oci	tiroir	noun	fra
fomentar	verb	oci	fomenter	verb	fra
fomentar	verb	oci	promouvoir	verb	fra
insipid	adjective	oci	insipide	adjective	fra
insipid	adjective	oci	fade	adjective	fra
Selva	properNoun	oci	Selva	properNoun	fra
finés	adjective	oci	finnois	adjective	fra
TNC	noun	oci	TNC	noun	fra
Garzon	properNoun	oci	Garzon	properNoun	fra
Denommée	properNoun	oci	Denommée	properNoun	fra
Superior	properNoun	oci	Supérieur	properNoun	fra
Awada	properNoun	oci	Awada	properNoun	fra
Mistral	properNoun	oci	Mistral	properNoun	fra
bastion	noun	oci	bastion	noun	fra
explicar	verb	oci	expliquer	verb	fra
Benlliure	properNoun	oci	Benlliure	properNoun	fra
ACPV	noun	oci	ACPV	noun	fra
armoniós	adjective	oci	harmonieux	adjective	fra
Pladevall	properNoun	oci	Pladevall	properNoun	fra
cogorda	noun	oci	courge	noun	fra
expectacion	noun	oci	expectation	noun	fra
dolorós	adjective	oci	douloureux	adjective	fra
repaus	noun	oci	repos	noun	fra
Chèvrefils	properNoun	oci	Chèvrefils	properNoun	fra
Carolyn	properNoun	oci	Carolyn	properNoun	fra
Mesalles	properNoun	oci	Mesalles	properNoun	fra
cobrir	verb	oci	couvrir	verb	fra
somés	adjective	oci	soumis	adjective	fra
Schofield	properNoun	oci	Schofield	properNoun	fra
Adúriz	properNoun	oci	Adúriz	properNoun	fra
Chevalier	properNoun	oci	Chevalier	properNoun	fra
ansin	adverb	oci	ainsi	adverb	fra
Argiñano	properNoun	oci	Argiñano	properNoun	fra
Mellado	properNoun	oci	Mellado	properNoun	fra
Schweitzer	properNoun	oci	Schweitzer	properNoun	fra
politica	noun	oci	politique	noun	fra
Abraam	properNoun	oci	Abraam	properNoun	fra
Abraam	properNoun	oci	Abraham	properNoun	fra
Cirera	properNoun	oci	Cirera	properNoun	fra
Vilanova	properNoun	oci	Vilanova	properNoun	fra
brasilian	noun	oci	Brésilien	noun	fra
sepal	noun	oci	sépale	noun	fra
Holder	properNoun	oci	Holder	properNoun	fra
senserigalha	noun	oci	baliverne	noun	fra
Cassi	properNoun	oci	Cassi	properNoun	fra
ludotèca	noun	oci	ludothèque	noun	fra
Drainville	properNoun	oci	Drainville	properNoun	fra
Hallikmägi	properNoun	oci	Hallikmägi	properNoun	fra
Tan	properNoun	oci	Tan	properNoun	fra
enganar	verb	oci	tromper	verb	fra
McRae	properNoun	oci	McRae	properNoun	fra
regulador	adjective	oci	régulateur	adjective	fra
Sutherland	properNoun	oci	Sutherland	properNoun	fra
estima	noun	oci	considération	noun	fra
estima	noun	oci	estime	noun	fra
dendrologia	noun	oci	dendrologie	noun	fra
Alcázar	properNoun	oci	Alcázar	properNoun	fra
Ordóñez	properNoun	oci	Ordóñez	properNoun	fra
Lachaîne	properNoun	oci	Lachaîne	properNoun	fra
sufragisme	noun	oci	suffragisme	noun	fra
ventre	noun	oci	ventre	noun	fra
Robespierre	properNoun	oci	Robespierre	properNoun	fra
Dea	properNoun	oci	Dea	properNoun	fra
uniformizar	verb	oci	uniformiser	verb	fra
Younes	properNoun	oci	Younes	properNoun	fra
Nawal	properNoun	oci	Nawal	properNoun	fra
Alberto	properNoun	oci	Alberto	properNoun	fra
concrescéncia	noun	oci	concrescence	noun	fra
Omedes	properNoun	oci	Omedes	properNoun	fra
Carbonneau	properNoun	oci	Carbonneau	properNoun	fra
eficàcia	noun	oci	efficacité	noun	fra
Guillermo	properNoun	oci	Guillermo	properNoun	fra
plorinós	adjective	oci	larmoyant	adjective	fra
plorinós	adjective	oci	pleurnicheur	adjective	fra
Arràs	properNoun	oci	Arras	properNoun	fra
Liszt	properNoun	oci	Liszt	properNoun	fra
Sant Estève	properNoun	oci	Saint-Étienne	properNoun	fra
cognitiu	adjective	oci	cognitif	adjective	fra
Bertelsmann	properNoun	oci	Bertelsmann	properNoun	fra
Niermann	properNoun	oci	Niermann	properNoun	fra
Bañon	properNoun	oci	Bañon	properNoun	fra
altruisme	noun	oci	altruisme	noun	fra
elipòrt	noun	oci	héliport	noun	fra
cofactor	noun	oci	cofacteur	noun	fra
sofista	noun	oci	sophiste	noun	fra
Sharif	properNoun	oci	Sharif	properNoun	fra
poralha	noun	oci	volaille	noun	fra
Nivèrns	properNoun	oci	Nevers	properNoun	fra
umil	adjective	oci	humble	adjective	fra
rivalizar	verb	oci	rivaliser	verb	fra
Doyer	properNoun	oci	Doyer	properNoun	fra
Joshua	properNoun	oci	Joshua	properNoun	fra
velaritat	noun	oci	vélarité	noun	fra
sucrar	verb	oci	sucrer	verb	fra
persan	adjective	oci	persan	adjective	fra
apartenir	verb	oci	appartenir	verb	fra
Brock	properNoun	oci	Brock	properNoun	fra
difamacion	noun	oci	diffamation	noun	fra
magnetisme	noun	oci	magnétisme	noun	fra
votar	verb	oci	voter	verb	fra
raconte	noun	oci	récit	noun	fra
segregatiu	adjective	oci	ségrégatif	adjective	fra
iranian	adjective	oci	iranien	adjective	fra
Céleste	properNoun	oci	Céleste	properNoun	fra
abscissa	noun	oci	abscisse	noun	fra
Muhammad	properNoun	oci	Muhammad	properNoun	fra
Ais de Provença	properNoun	oci	Aix-en-Provence	properNoun	fra
Felteau	properNoun	oci	Felteau	properNoun	fra
Bigelow	properNoun	oci	Bigelow	properNoun	fra
conflictualitat	noun	oci	conflictualité	noun	fra
administracion	noun	oci	administration	noun	fra
balme	noun	oci	baume	noun	fra
envergadura	noun	oci	envergure	noun	fra
sublimacion	noun	oci	sublimation	noun	fra
Benavides	properNoun	oci	Benavides	properNoun	fra
acetona	noun	oci	acétone	noun	fra
Arderiu	properNoun	oci	Arderiu	properNoun	fra
bèlga	noun	oci	Belge	noun	fra
bèlga	noun	oci	belge	noun	fra
indoeuropèu	adjective	oci	indo-européen	adjective	fra
Jeanson	properNoun	oci	Jeanson	properNoun	fra
Bah	properNoun	oci	Bah	properNoun	fra
McCartney	properNoun	oci	McCartney	properNoun	fra
Chaucer	properNoun	oci	Chaucer	properNoun	fra
etimologic	adjective	oci	étymologique	adjective	fra
acrobatic	adjective	oci	acrobatique	adjective	fra
famina	noun	oci	famine	noun	fra
immunologia	noun	oci	immunologie	noun	fra
laidor	noun	oci	laideur	noun	fra
Sneijder	properNoun	oci	Sneijder	properNoun	fra
Bokova	properNoun	oci	Bokova	properNoun	fra
Las Vegas	properNoun	oci	Las Vegas	properNoun	fra
cadmi	noun	oci	cadmium	noun	fra
raconde	noun	oci	conte	noun	fra
Encamp	properNoun	oci	Encamp	properNoun	fra
exploraire	noun	oci	explorateur	noun	fra
Ravel	properNoun	oci	Ravel	properNoun	fra
Grande-Marlaska	properNoun	oci	Grande-Marlaska	properNoun	fra
Penas	properNoun	oci	Penas	properNoun	fra
radiotelevision	noun	oci	radiotélévision	noun	fra
annèx	adjective	oci	annexe	adjective	fra
complicar	verb	oci	compliquer	verb	fra
Estelle	properNoun	oci	Estelle	properNoun	fra
parabòla	noun	oci	parabole	noun	fra
vertèbra	noun	oci	vertèbre	noun	fra
oitanta cinc	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-cinq	numeral	fra
Murcia	properNoun	oci	Murcia	properNoun	fra
prima	noun	oci	printemps	noun	fra
prima	noun	oci	prime	noun	fra
Moruno	properNoun	oci	Moruno	properNoun	fra
Burón	properNoun	oci	Burón	properNoun	fra
trioxid	noun	oci	trioxyde	noun	fra
airièira	noun	oci	myrtille	noun	fra
Ordeig	properNoun	oci	Ordeig	properNoun	fra
retencion	noun	oci	rétention	noun	fra
Sauquillo	properNoun	oci	Sauquillo	properNoun	fra
Chávez	properNoun	oci	Chávez	properNoun	fra
parar	verb	oci	parer	verb	fra
parar	verb	oci	arrêter	verb	fra
Afzal	properNoun	oci	Afzal	properNoun	fra
pista	noun	oci	piste	noun	fra
Arnal	properNoun	oci	Arnal	properNoun	fra
pesquièr	noun	oci	mare	noun	fra
pesquièr	noun	oci	vivier	noun	fra
autrament	adverb	oci	autrement	adverb	fra
balistic	adjective	oci	balistique	adjective	fra
ambre	noun	oci	ambre	noun	fra
quau	adjective	oci	quel	adjective	fra
quau	adjective	oci	quel	interrogativePronoun	fra
quau	adjective	oci	quel	pronoun	fra
quau	interrogativePronoun	oci	quel	adjective	fra
quau	interrogativePronoun	oci	quel	interrogativePronoun	fra
quau	interrogativePronoun	oci	quel	pronoun	fra
quau	pronoun	oci	quel	adjective	fra
quau	pronoun	oci	quel	interrogativePronoun	fra
quau	pronoun	oci	quel	pronoun	fra
museologia	noun	oci	muséologie	noun	fra
comando	noun	oci	commando	noun	fra
aterratge	noun	oci	atterrissage	noun	fra
antal	adverb	oci	ainsi	adverb	fra
autografe	adjective	oci	autographe	adjective	fra
Jeanette	properNoun	oci	Jeanette	properNoun	fra
von Fürstenberg	properNoun	oci	von Fürstenberg	properNoun	fra
per rapòrt a	preposition	oci	par rapport à	preposition	fra
Oman	properNoun	oci	Oman	properNoun	fra
exosfèra	noun	oci	exosphère	noun	fra
Fontán	properNoun	oci	Fontán	properNoun	fra
Morello	properNoun	oci	Morello	properNoun	fra
Spano	properNoun	oci	Spano	properNoun	fra
USB	properNoun	oci	USB	properNoun	fra
SAS	noun	oci	SAS	noun	fra
Jansky	properNoun	oci	Jansky	properNoun	fra
tunisian	noun	oci	Tunisien	noun	fra
Melville	properNoun	oci	Melville	properNoun	fra
taxatiu	adjective	oci	taxatif	adjective	fra
Traveset	properNoun	oci	Traveset	properNoun	fra
mòto	noun	oci	moto	noun	fra
neerlandés	adjective	oci	néerlandais	adjective	fra
romieuatge	noun	oci	pèlerinage	noun	fra
biotipologia	noun	oci	biotypologie	noun	fra
sòlo	noun	oci	solo	noun	fra
negativisme	noun	oci	négativisme	noun	fra
Nader	properNoun	oci	Nader	properNoun	fra
grasaca	noun	oci	rousserolle	noun	fra
Senez	properNoun	oci	Senez	properNoun	fra
bòl	noun	oci	bol	noun	fra
quaranta cinc	numeral	oci	quarante-cinq	numeral	fra
Argentina	properNoun	oci	Argentine	properNoun	fra
Bacardit	properNoun	oci	Bacardit	properNoun	fra
Fàbregas	properNoun	oci	Fàbregas	properNoun	fra
Gusí	properNoun	oci	Gusí	properNoun	fra
aura	noun	oci	aura	noun	fra
Crosas	properNoun	oci	Crosas	properNoun	fra
Funés	properNoun	oci	Funés	properNoun	fra
Arcouette	properNoun	oci	Arcouette	properNoun	fra
estalviar	verb	oci	épargner	verb	fra
estalviar	verb	oci	économiser	verb	fra
aspic	noun	oci	lavande	noun	fra
fauda	noun	oci	giron	noun	fra
Chadwick	properNoun	oci	Chadwick	properNoun	fra
axonometric	adjective	oci	axonométrique	adjective	fra
illustre	adjective	oci	illustre	adjective	fra
Wrigley	properNoun	oci	Wrigley	properNoun	fra
Derepentigny	properNoun	oci	Derepentigny	properNoun	fra
aviron	noun	oci	aviron	noun	fra
Guilbert	properNoun	oci	Guilbert	properNoun	fra
Nòva Guinèa	properNoun	oci	Nouvelle-Guinée	properNoun	fra
inexactitud	noun	oci	inexactitude	noun	fra
Iqbal	properNoun	oci	Iqbal	properNoun	fra
crasi	noun	oci	crase	noun	fra
Versalhas	properNoun	oci	Versailles	properNoun	fra
Morris	properNoun	oci	Morris	properNoun	fra
Livernois	properNoun	oci	Livernois	properNoun	fra
Poitevin	properNoun	oci	Poitevin	properNoun	fra
Caligiore	properNoun	oci	Caligiore	properNoun	fra
Lévesque	properNoun	oci	Lévesque	properNoun	fra
uechanta dos	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-deux	numeral	fra
sestian	adjective	oci	aixois	adjective	fra
tirar	verb	oci	jeter	verb	fra
tirar	verb	oci	verser	verb	fra
tirar	verb	oci	tirer sur	verb	fra
tirar	verb	oci	attirer	verb	fra
tirar	verb	oci	tirer	verb	fra
cosmologic	adjective	oci	cosmologique	adjective	fra
Stéphanie	properNoun	oci	Stéphanie	properNoun	fra
obertura	noun	oci	ouverture	noun	fra
Ghaddar	properNoun	oci	Ghaddar	properNoun	fra
contenciós	adjective	oci	contentieux	adjective	fra
Miceli	properNoun	oci	Miceli	properNoun	fra
Echeverria	properNoun	oci	Echeverria	properNoun	fra
amb l'ajuda de	preposition	oci	à l'aide de	preposition	fra
París	properNoun	oci	Paris	properNoun	fra
pretemporada	noun	oci	avant-saison	noun	fra
pretemporada	noun	oci	présaison	noun	fra
utilizar	verb	oci	utiliser	verb	fra
Norman	properNoun	oci	Norman	properNoun	fra
hilh	noun	oci	fille	noun	fra
hilh	noun	oci	fils	noun	fra
gratuit	adjective	oci	gratuit	adjective	fra
gratuit	adjective	oci	libre	adjective	fra
rufir	verb	oci	rider	verb	fra
guaire	adverb	oci	guère	adverb	fra
estigmatizar	verb	oci	stigmatiser	verb	fra
Vilalta	properNoun	oci	Vilalta	properNoun	fra
tantalizar	verb	oci	tantaliser	verb	fra
mal	adverb	oci	mal	adverb	fra
citacion	noun	oci	citation	noun	fra
anestesiant	adjective	oci	anesthésiant	adjective	fra
Rogers	properNoun	oci	Rogers	properNoun	fra
Conejero	properNoun	oci	Conejero	properNoun	fra
del Toro	properNoun	oci	del Toro	properNoun	fra
Dubček	properNoun	oci	Dubček	properNoun	fra
calligrafe	noun	oci	calligraphe	noun	fra
Göttingen	properNoun	oci	Göttingen	properNoun	fra
Khatun	properNoun	oci	Khatun	properNoun	fra
Olivas	properNoun	oci	Olivas	properNoun	fra
entornejar	verb	oci	contourner	verb	fra
entornejar	verb	oci	cercler	verb	fra
entornejar	verb	oci	entourer	verb	fra
Cissé	properNoun	oci	Cissé	properNoun	fra
Duggan	properNoun	oci	Duggan	properNoun	fra
Rabadan	properNoun	oci	Rabadan	properNoun	fra
camisòla	noun	oci	camisole	noun	fra
segon	preposition	oci	d'après	preposition	fra
segon	preposition	oci	selon	preposition	fra
segon	preposition	oci	suivant	preposition	fra
atrofia	noun	oci	atrophie	noun	fra
coalescéncia	noun	oci	coalescence	noun	fra
Paraguai	properNoun	oci	Paraguay	properNoun	fra
ment	noun	oci	esprit	noun	fra
Maximilien	properNoun	oci	Maximilien	properNoun	fra
Geneau	properNoun	oci	Geneau	properNoun	fra
Carcangiu	properNoun	oci	Carcangiu	properNoun	fra
filh	noun	oci	fils	noun	fra
filh	noun	oci	fille	noun	fra
tortuós	adjective	oci	tortueux	adjective	fra
vela	noun	oci	voile	noun	fra
revalorizacion	noun	oci	revalorisation	noun	fra
edificacion	noun	oci	édification	noun	fra
cardiopatia	noun	oci	cardiopathie	noun	fra
flaüta	noun	oci	flûte	noun	fra
Rwanda	properNoun	oci	Rwanda	properNoun	fra
antioccitan	adjective	oci	antioccitan	adjective	fra
sossistèma	noun	oci	sous-système	noun	fra
Hayek	properNoun	oci	Hayek	properNoun	fra
regata	noun	oci	régate	noun	fra
clòr	noun	oci	chlore	noun	fra
mecanista	noun	oci	mécaniste	noun	fra
Natacha	properNoun	oci	Natacha	properNoun	fra
bestiari	noun	oci	bestiaire	noun	fra
bestiari	noun	oci	bétail	noun	fra
afilhar	verb	oci	affilier	verb	fra
gordian	adjective	oci	gordien	adjective	fra
Maiorano	properNoun	oci	Maiorano	properNoun	fra
païsan	noun	oci	paysan	noun	fra
pala	noun	oci	pelle	noun	fra
escomenge	noun	oci	excommunication	noun	fra
escomenge	noun	oci	imprécation	noun	fra
pana	noun	oci	panne	noun	fra
Rijeka	properNoun	oci	Rijeka	properNoun	fra
ostau	noun	oci	maison	noun	fra
Carbó	properNoun	oci	Carbó	properNoun	fra
laureat	adjective	oci	lauréat	adjective	fra
Tousignant	properNoun	oci	Tousignant	properNoun	fra
obòl	noun	oci	obole	noun	fra
sintaxi	noun	oci	syntaxe	noun	fra
iranjat	adjective	oci	orangé	adjective	fra
Iranzo	properNoun	oci	Iranzo	properNoun	fra
archiduquessa	noun	oci	archiduchesse	noun	fra
adjudicar	verb	oci	attribuer	verb	fra
adjudicar	verb	oci	adjuger	verb	fra
Cunego	properNoun	oci	Cunego	properNoun	fra
Carlos	properNoun	oci	Carlos	properNoun	fra
Gorbachov	properNoun	oci	Gorbatchev	properNoun	fra
Gorbachov	properNoun	oci	Gorbachov	properNoun	fra
britanic	noun	oci	Britannique	noun	fra
violon	noun	oci	violon	noun	fra
Rahman	properNoun	oci	Rahman	properNoun	fra
assortit	adjective	oci	assorti	adjective	fra
MBA	properNoun	oci	MBA	properNoun	fra
benedictin	adjective	oci	bénédictin	adjective	fra
amfiteatre	noun	oci	amphithéâtre	noun	fra
maximizar	verb	oci	maximiser	verb	fra
Claverol	properNoun	oci	Claverol	properNoun	fra
amen	adjective	oci	amène	adjective	fra
marcat	noun	oci	marché	noun	fra
Nairn	properNoun	oci	Nairn	properNoun	fra
sintonia	noun	oci	syntonie	noun	fra
generositat	noun	oci	générosité	noun	fra
Donaire	properNoun	oci	Donaire	properNoun	fra
estampar	verb	oci	empreindre	verb	fra
estampar	verb	oci	imprimer	verb	fra
estampar	verb	oci	estamper	verb	fra
Planell	properNoun	oci	Planell	properNoun	fra
Calvin	properNoun	oci	Calvin	properNoun	fra
comèrci	noun	oci	commerce	noun	fra
corrèctament	adverb	oci	correctement	adverb	fra
perifrasa	noun	oci	périphrase	noun	fra
Maritxalar	properNoun	oci	Maritxalar	properNoun	fra
Girardin	properNoun	oci	Girardin	properNoun	fra
Neveu	properNoun	oci	Neveu	properNoun	fra
Soriano	properNoun	oci	Soriano	properNoun	fra
Mallorquí	properNoun	oci	Mallorquí	properNoun	fra
XXIX	numeral	oci	XXIXème	adjective	fra
XXIX	numeral	oci	XXIXe	adjective	fra
sabla	adjective	oci	sable	adjective	fra
carbassa	noun	oci	courge	noun	fra
tapissar	verb	oci	tapisser	verb	fra
anarquia	noun	oci	anarchie	noun	fra
Cantarero	properNoun	oci	Cantarero	properNoun	fra
animador	adjective	oci	animateur	adjective	fra
confirmar	verb	oci	confirmer	verb	fra
Suriñach	properNoun	oci	Suriñach	properNoun	fra
bolivian	noun	oci	bolivien	noun	fra
Annette	properNoun	oci	Annette	properNoun	fra
laca	noun	oci	flaque	noun	fra
abocament	noun	oci	rejet	noun	fra
Novellá	properNoun	oci	Novellá	properNoun	fra
sinteticament	adverb	oci	synthétiquement	adverb	fra
Garnier	properNoun	oci	Garnier	properNoun	fra
a caval	adverb	oci	à cheval	adverb	fra
Desmarais	properNoun	oci	Desmarais	properNoun	fra
susprene	verb	oci	surprendre	verb	fra
alongament	noun	oci	allongement	noun	fra
alongament	noun	oci	prolongement	noun	fra
Cabrejas	properNoun	oci	Cabrejas	properNoun	fra
Bean	properNoun	oci	Bean	properNoun	fra
verticala	noun	oci	verticale	noun	fra
Cuenca	properNoun	oci	Cuenca	properNoun	fra
el meteis	pronoun	oci	lui-même	pronoun	fra
Armengou	properNoun	oci	Armengou	properNoun	fra
Manon	properNoun	oci	Manon	properNoun	fra
Ferland	properNoun	oci	Ferland	properNoun	fra
Coll	properNoun	oci	Coll	properNoun	fra
afamat	adjective	oci	affamé	adjective	fra
Zakaria	properNoun	oci	Zakaria	properNoun	fra
drap	noun	oci	drap	noun	fra
victimizar	verb	oci	victimiser	verb	fra
Bresse	properNoun	oci	Bresse	properNoun	fra
Arrabito	properNoun	oci	Arrabito	properNoun	fra
Conill	properNoun	oci	Conill	properNoun	fra
augmentable	adjective	oci	augmentable	adjective	fra
esdejoar	verb	oci	déjeuner	verb	fra
Saint-Saëns	properNoun	oci	Saint-Saëns	properNoun	fra
Marra	properNoun	oci	Marra	properNoun	fra
prefix	noun	oci	préfixe	noun	fra
protonic	adjective	oci	protonique	adjective	fra
Ware	properNoun	oci	Ware	properNoun	fra
mentir	verb	oci	mentir	verb	fra
espeuta	noun	oci	épeautre	noun	fra
Miyamoto	properNoun	oci	Miyamoto	properNoun	fra
abordatge	noun	oci	abordage	noun	fra
von Menzel	properNoun	oci	von Menzel	properNoun	fra
aprofeichar	verb	oci	profiter	verb	fra
de cuol	adverb	oci	sur le cul	adverb	fra
d'ausida	adverb	oci	tout d'un coup	adverb	fra
piscina	noun	oci	piscine	noun	fra
descriminacion	noun	oci	discrimination	noun	fra
Claraso	properNoun	oci	Claraso	properNoun	fra
Delatte	properNoun	oci	Delatte	properNoun	fra
masada	noun	oci	hameau	noun	fra
cinquantenari	noun	oci	quinquagénaire	noun	fra
militarizacion	noun	oci	militarisation	noun	fra
Gouin	properNoun	oci	Gouin	properNoun	fra
Trepat	properNoun	oci	Trepat	properNoun	fra
a fin e mesura	adverb	oci	au fur et à mesure	adverb	fra
confederacion	noun	oci	confédération	noun	fra
hlor	noun	oci	fleur	noun	fra
Mònica	properNoun	oci	Mònica	properNoun	fra
Miossic	properNoun	oci	Miossic	properNoun	fra
Foix i Mas	properNoun	oci	Foix i Mas	properNoun	fra
bèstia	adjective	oci	bête	adjective	fra
bèstia	adjective	oci	animal	adjective	fra
mejana	noun	oci	moyenne	noun	fra
Revelles	properNoun	oci	Revelles	properNoun	fra
Rockne	properNoun	oci	Rockne	properNoun	fra
pauc abans	preposition	oci	peu avant	preposition	fra
insistent	adjective	oci	insistant	adjective	fra
endocrinian	adjective	oci	endocrinien	adjective	fra
Saïd	properNoun	oci	Saïd	properNoun	fra
actiu	noun	oci	actif	noun	fra
belauan	noun	oci	Paluan	noun	fra
Deborah	properNoun	oci	Deborah	properNoun	fra
indiferent	adjective	oci	indifférent	adjective	fra
sodanés	noun	oci	Soudanais	noun	fra
fals	noun	oci	faux	noun	fra
Rafèl	properNoun	oci	Rafèl	properNoun	fra
Losa	properNoun	oci	Losa	properNoun	fra
incitar	verb	oci	inciter	verb	fra
abantes d'ora	adverb	oci	avant terme	adverb	fra
abantes d'ora	adverb	oci	avant le temps	adverb	fra
abantes d'ora	adverb	oci	avant l'heure	adverb	fra
prètzfach	noun	oci	tâche	noun	fra
Ardenas	properNoun	oci	Ardennes	properNoun	fra
potz	noun	oci	puits	noun	fra
escocés	adjective	oci	écossais	adjective	fra
garrolha	noun	oci	querelle	noun	fra
maniac	adjective	oci	maniaque	adjective	fra
Olasagasti	properNoun	oci	Olasagasti	properNoun	fra
Aranaga	properNoun	oci	Aranaga	properNoun	fra
riblar	verb	oci	river	verb	fra
calendièr	noun	oci	calendrier	noun	fra
ortodontista	noun	oci	orthodontiste	noun	fra
dominator	noun	oci	dominateur	noun	fra
Aramburu	properNoun	oci	Aramburu	properNoun	fra
Martinica	properNoun	oci	Martinique	properNoun	fra
Deu	properNoun	oci	Deu	properNoun	fra
artemisa	noun	oci	armoise	noun	fra
acertar	verb	oci	deviner	verb	fra
esquematizar	verb	oci	schématiser	verb	fra
Kusch	properNoun	oci	Kusch	properNoun	fra
vièlh	adjective	oci	vieil	adjective	fra
vièlh	adjective	oci	vieux	adjective	fra
Destin	properNoun	oci	Destin	properNoun	fra
Moritz	properNoun	oci	Moritz	properNoun	fra
pasta	noun	oci	pâte	noun	fra
Filipinas	properNoun	oci	Philippines	properNoun	fra
osset	adjective	oci	ossète	adjective	fra
Sissoko	properNoun	oci	Sissoko	properNoun	fra
corsa al temps	noun	oci	contre-la-montre	noun	fra
premanir	verb	oci	préparer	verb	fra
Collado	properNoun	oci	Collado	properNoun	fra
esclat	noun	oci	éclat	noun	fra
fluiditat	noun	oci	fluidité	noun	fra
perfièit	adjective	oci	parfait	adjective	fra
reorientar	verb	oci	réorienter	verb	fra
sosunitat	noun	oci	sous-unité	noun	fra
estricnina	noun	oci	strychnine	noun	fra
sòja	noun	oci	soja	noun	fra
Wehrmacht	properNoun	oci	Wehrmacht	properNoun	fra
Cabezas	properNoun	oci	Cabezas	properNoun	fra
extirpar	verb	oci	extirper	verb	fra
caracteristic	adjective	oci	caractéristique	adjective	fra
concertista	noun	oci	concertiste	noun	fra
magnetizacion	noun	oci	magnétisation	noun	fra
Villalba	properNoun	oci	Villalba	properNoun	fra
Daisy	properNoun	oci	Daisy	properNoun	fra
bolchevic	noun	oci	bolchevique	noun	fra
Builles	properNoun	oci	Builles	properNoun	fra
morganatic	adjective	oci	morganatique	adjective	fra
abstier	verb	oci	abstenir	verb	fra
esclavatge	noun	oci	servitude	noun	fra
esclavatge	noun	oci	esclavage	noun	fra
afectivitat	noun	oci	affectivité	noun	fra
Corretger	properNoun	oci	Corretger	properNoun	fra
Ayats	properNoun	oci	Ayats	properNoun	fra
Barriga	properNoun	oci	Barriga	properNoun	fra
bon	adjective	oci	bon	adjective	fra
mar de Japon	properNoun	oci	mer du Japon	properNoun	fra
campairòl	noun	oci	champignon	noun	fra
Drèsda	properNoun	oci	Dresde	properNoun	fra
Ornella	properNoun	oci	Ornella	properNoun	fra
demolicion	noun	oci	démolition	noun	fra
Metallic	properNoun	oci	Metallic	properNoun	fra
ajornament	noun	oci	renvoi	noun	fra
frustrant	adjective	oci	frustrant	adjective	fra
brot	noun	oci	brout	noun	fra
brot	noun	oci	bouton	noun	fra
brot	noun	oci	pousse	noun	fra
Piton	properNoun	oci	Piton	properNoun	fra
plantejar	verb	oci	poser	verb	fra
macabre	adjective	oci	macabre	adjective	fra
bas	adjective	oci	bas	adjective	fra
encolpar	verb	oci	inculper	verb	fra
Retamero	properNoun	oci	Retamero	properNoun	fra
Félix	properNoun	oci	Félix	properNoun	fra
Owen	properNoun	oci	Owen	properNoun	fra
Thompson	properNoun	oci	Thompson	properNoun	fra
Samoa	properNoun	oci	Samoa	properNoun	fra
commocion	noun	oci	commotion	noun	fra
de Paz	properNoun	oci	de Paz	properNoun	fra
nauruan	adjective	oci	nauruan	adjective	fra
tòca-senh	noun	oci	tocsin	noun	fra
Porto Alegre	properNoun	oci	Porto Alegre	properNoun	fra
licor	noun	oci	liqueur	noun	fra
austeritat	noun	oci	austérité	noun	fra
octet	noun	oci	octet	noun	fra
Cairó	properNoun	oci	Cairó	properNoun	fra
Goirand	properNoun	oci	Goirand	properNoun	fra
bisexualitat	noun	oci	bisexualité	noun	fra
adjudant	noun	oci	adjudant	noun	fra
geinar	verb	oci	gêner	verb	fra
ortalièr	noun	oci	jardinier	noun	fra
genialament	adverb	oci	génialement	adverb	fra
restituïr	verb	oci	restituer	verb	fra
uman	noun	oci	humain	noun	fra
pega	noun	oci	colle	noun	fra
geomorfologia	noun	oci	géomorphologie	noun	fra
crocodil	noun	oci	crocodile	noun	fra
inscriure	verb	oci	inscrire	verb	fra
frambuèlh	noun	oci	chiffon	noun	fra
envinagrar	verb	oci	vinaigrer	verb	fra
magrir	verb	oci	maigrir	verb	fra
magrir	verb	oci	amaigrir	verb	fra
Serradell	properNoun	oci	Serradell	properNoun	fra
quauquarren	pronoun	oci	quelque chose	pronoun	fra
Beatritz	properNoun	oci	Beatritz	properNoun	fra
Beatritz	properNoun	oci	Béatrice	properNoun	fra
emplec	noun	oci	emploi	noun	fra
AGR	noun	oci	AGR	noun	fra
Genèva	properNoun	oci	Genève	properNoun	fra
compressor	noun	oci	compresseur	noun	fra
robotizar	verb	oci	robotiser	verb	fra
Korta	properNoun	oci	Korta	properNoun	fra
derbí	noun	oci	derby	noun	fra
nòta	noun	oci	note	noun	fra
nòta	noun	oci	notice	noun	fra
format	noun	oci	format	noun	fra
Almeda	properNoun	oci	Almeda	properNoun	fra
senegalés	adjective	oci	sénégalais	adjective	fra
Burkina Faso	properNoun	oci	Burkina Faso	properNoun	fra
fragmentar	verb	oci	fragmenter	verb	fra
Elfassy	properNoun	oci	Elfassy	properNoun	fra
Dessureault	properNoun	oci	Dessureault	properNoun	fra
a aqueste prepaus	adverb	oci	à ce sujet	adverb	fra
long de	preposition	oci	le long de	preposition	fra
Kiss	properNoun	oci	Kiss	properNoun	fra
cotèl	noun	oci	couteau	noun	fra
gelós	adjective	oci	jaloux	adjective	fra
Puyol	properNoun	oci	Puyol	properNoun	fra
Arboix	properNoun	oci	Arboix	properNoun	fra
Barrondo	properNoun	oci	Barrondo	properNoun	fra
Ibagaza	properNoun	oci	Ibagaza	properNoun	fra
Cowan	properNoun	oci	Cowan	properNoun	fra
Ayrault	properNoun	oci	Ayrault	properNoun	fra
palai	noun	oci	palais	noun	fra
Clément	properNoun	oci	Clément	properNoun	fra
socialament	adverb	oci	socialement	adverb	fra
prefàcia	noun	oci	préface	noun	fra
plana	noun	oci	plaine	noun	fra
peptide	noun	oci	peptide	noun	fra
luqueta	noun	oci	allumette	noun	fra
montant	noun	oci	montant	noun	fra
après	adverb	oci	après	adverb	fra
gaullista	adjective	oci	gaulliste	adjective	fra
Webber	properNoun	oci	Webber	properNoun	fra
Vézeau	properNoun	oci	Vézeau	properNoun	fra
cogòt	noun	oci	nuque	noun	fra
Tamèsi	properNoun	oci	Tamise	properNoun	fra
aprèp que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	après que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Torréns	properNoun	oci	Torréns	properNoun	fra
Lake	properNoun	oci	Lake	properNoun	fra
Baudelaire	properNoun	oci	Baudelaire	properNoun	fra
doncas	subordinatingConjunction	oci	donc	subordinatingConjunction	fra
indemnizacion	noun	oci	indemnisation	noun	fra
espantar	verb	oci	effrayer	verb	fra
espantar	verb	oci	épouvanter	verb	fra
Rigau	properNoun	oci	Rigau	properNoun	fra
Roques	properNoun	oci	Roques	properNoun	fra
subordinar	verb	oci	subordonner	verb	fra
adonar	verb	oci	adonner	verb	fra
acompanhaire	noun	oci	accompagnateur	noun	fra
excès	noun	oci	excès	noun	fra
sorelh	noun	oci	soleil	noun	fra
Marriott	properNoun	oci	Marriott	properNoun	fra
endogamia	noun	oci	endogamie	noun	fra
cresença	noun	oci	croyance	noun	fra
von Neipperg	properNoun	oci	von Neipperg	properNoun	fra
Bézier	properNoun	oci	Bézier	properNoun	fra
umilitat	noun	oci	humilité	noun	fra
Calbet	properNoun	oci	Calbet	properNoun	fra
condicionar	verb	oci	aménager	verb	fra
condicionar	verb	oci	conditionner	verb	fra
Aspirot	properNoun	oci	Aspirot	properNoun	fra
Leber	properNoun	oci	Leber	properNoun	fra
diluvi	noun	oci	déluge	noun	fra
Digirolamo	properNoun	oci	Digirolamo	properNoun	fra
Canadell	properNoun	oci	Canadell	properNoun	fra
ganglion	noun	oci	ganglion	noun	fra
reütilizacion	noun	oci	réutilisation	noun	fra
Alzheimer	properNoun	oci	Alzheimer	properNoun	fra
Eguren	properNoun	oci	Eguren	properNoun	fra
birman	noun	oci	birman	noun	fra
Clarissa	properNoun	oci	Clarissa	properNoun	fra
conduccion	noun	oci	conduite	noun	fra
Bronsard	properNoun	oci	Bronsard	properNoun	fra
Pereira	properNoun	oci	Pereira	properNoun	fra
Puddu	properNoun	oci	Puddu	properNoun	fra
originar	verb	oci	occasionner	verb	fra
originar	verb	oci	causer	verb	fra
abans ièr	adverb	oci	avant-hier	adverb	fra
fèl	noun	oci	fiel	noun	fra
fèl	noun	oci	bile	noun	fra
creishement	noun	oci	croissance	noun	fra
Montaña	properNoun	oci	Montaña	properNoun	fra
abrasiu	adjective	oci	abrasif	adjective	fra
fenomèn	noun	oci	phénomène	noun	fra
alinhament	noun	oci	alignement	noun	fra
Hergueta	properNoun	oci	Hergueta	properNoun	fra
Trudeau	properNoun	oci	Trudeau	properNoun	fra
qualque	determiner	oci	quelque	determiner	fra
Padilla	properNoun	oci	Padilla	properNoun	fra
sasonalitat	noun	oci	saisonnalité	noun	fra
Cayen	properNoun	oci	Cayen	properNoun	fra
tibetan	adjective	oci	tibétain	adjective	fra
implicacion	noun	oci	implication	noun	fra
Terric	properNoun	oci	Terric	properNoun	fra
dolorosament	adverb	oci	douloureusement	adverb	fra
Ovidi	properNoun	oci	Ovidi	properNoun	fra
vint-e-quatre	numeral	oci	vingt-quatre	numeral	fra
anientar	verb	oci	anéantir	verb	fra
Lancis	properNoun	oci	Lancis	properNoun	fra
ferratge	noun	oci	provende	noun	fra
apostolic	adjective	oci	apostolique	adjective	fra
confederat	noun	oci	confédéré	noun	fra
Ciudad	properNoun	oci	Ciudad	properNoun	fra
Llovera	properNoun	oci	Llovera	properNoun	fra
Sayol	properNoun	oci	Sayol	properNoun	fra
Senent	properNoun	oci	Senent	properNoun	fra
motocicleta	noun	oci	motocyclette	noun	fra
sant	adjective	oci	saint	adjective	fra
remandar	verb	oci	renvoyer	verb	fra
guatemalenc	noun	oci	Guatémaltèque	noun	fra
carpentièr	noun	oci	charpentier	noun	fra
Pallardó	properNoun	oci	Pallardó	properNoun	fra
Homedes	properNoun	oci	Homedes	properNoun	fra
çò	pronoun	oci	cela	pronoun	fra
çò	pronoun	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
çò	pronoun	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
çò	pronoun	oci	ce	determiner	fra
Bélisle	properNoun	oci	Bélisle	properNoun	fra
cristallografia	noun	oci	cristallographie	noun	fra
font	noun	oci	fontaine	noun	fra
font	noun	oci	source	noun	fra
quauque	adverb	oci	quelque	adverb	fra
flaçada	noun	oci	couverture	noun	fra
Essiambre	properNoun	oci	Essiambre	properNoun	fra
incompatible	adjective	oci	incompatible	adjective	fra
RSS	properNoun	oci	RSS	properNoun	fra
diazòt	noun	oci	diazote	noun	fra
marxista	adjective	oci	marxiste	adjective	fra
Ryder	properNoun	oci	Ryder	properNoun	fra
Aizarnazabal	properNoun	oci	Aizarnazabal	properNoun	fra
Burgueño	properNoun	oci	Burgueño	properNoun	fra
patèrna	noun	oci	fesse	noun	fra
emblèma	noun	oci	emblème	noun	fra
Healy	properNoun	oci	Healy	properNoun	fra
von Donop	properNoun	oci	von Donop	properNoun	fra
pasimentar	verb	oci	paver	verb	fra
Manubens	properNoun	oci	Manubens	properNoun	fra
Clinton	properNoun	oci	Clinton	properNoun	fra
conjectura	noun	oci	conjecture	noun	fra
unanimitat	noun	oci	unanimité	noun	fra
St-Onge	properNoun	oci	St-Onge	properNoun	fra
conselhèr	noun	oci	conseiller	noun	fra
embalatge	noun	oci	emballage	noun	fra
sociologia	noun	oci	sociologie	noun	fra
von Hindenburg	properNoun	oci	von Hindenburg	properNoun	fra
cinematografia	noun	oci	cinématographie	noun	fra
Talbot	properNoun	oci	Talbot	properNoun	fra
Ripoll	properNoun	oci	Ripoll	properNoun	fra
italianizar	verb	oci	italianiser	verb	fra
cèrca	noun	oci	recherche	noun	fra
Starkevičiūtė	properNoun	oci	Starkevičiūtė	properNoun	fra
XXI	numeral	oci	XXIe	adjective	fra
XXI	numeral	oci	XXIème	adjective	fra
XXI	numeral	oci	XXI	numeral	fra
daurar	verb	oci	dorer	verb	fra
fòra	preposition	oci	hors	preposition	fra
racionalizacion	noun	oci	rationalisation	noun	fra
híger	verb	oci	rajouter	verb	fra
híger	verb	oci	ajouter	verb	fra
Perramón	properNoun	oci	Perramón	properNoun	fra
Mourinho	properNoun	oci	Mourinho	properNoun	fra
postèl	noun	oci	poteau	noun	fra
Milan	properNoun	oci	Milan	properNoun	fra
Quiñonero	properNoun	oci	Quiñonero	properNoun	fra
Alana	properNoun	oci	Alana	properNoun	fra
Munté	properNoun	oci	Munté	properNoun	fra
Hould	properNoun	oci	Hould	properNoun	fra
Campuzano	properNoun	oci	Campuzano	properNoun	fra
desregulacion	noun	oci	dérégulation	noun	fra
terrassa	noun	oci	terrasse	noun	fra
tongalés	adjective	oci	tongien	adjective	fra
eleccion	noun	oci	élection	noun	fra
Bernícola	properNoun	oci	Bernícola	properNoun	fra
punir	verb	oci	punir	verb	fra
republica	noun	oci	république	noun	fra
Alice	properNoun	oci	Alice	properNoun	fra
Mayorga	properNoun	oci	Mayorga	properNoun	fra
valvula	noun	oci	soupape	noun	fra
Maxim	properNoun	oci	Maxim	properNoun	fra
prusèsta	noun	oci	démangeaison	noun	fra
Mottard	properNoun	oci	Mottard	properNoun	fra
conductimetria	noun	oci	conductimétrie	noun	fra
seleccionaire	noun	oci	sélectionneur	noun	fra
gersièr	noun	oci	framboisier	noun	fra
Gandhi	properNoun	oci	Gandhi	properNoun	fra
biologicament	adverb	oci	biologiquement	adverb	fra
mastologia	noun	oci	mastologie	noun	fra
barradissa	noun	oci	barrière	noun	fra
barradissa	noun	oci	haie	noun	fra
profession	noun	oci	profession	noun	fra
besal	noun	oci	fossé	noun	fra
prussic	adjective	oci	prussique	adjective	fra
rehèr	verb	oci	refaire	verb	fra
Gaëlle	properNoun	oci	Gaëlle	properNoun	fra
erronèu	adjective	oci	erroné	adjective	fra
Rouillier	properNoun	oci	Rouillier	properNoun	fra
Caravaca	properNoun	oci	Caravaca	properNoun	fra
Dacia	properNoun	oci	Dacia	properNoun	fra
penedent	adjective	oci	repentant	adjective	fra
transformisme	noun	oci	transformisme	noun	fra
brutícia	noun	oci	bêtise	noun	fra
Harding	properNoun	oci	Harding	properNoun	fra
fisic	noun	oci	physique	noun	fra
Tògo	properNoun	oci	Togo	properNoun	fra
Covaleda	properNoun	oci	Covaleda	properNoun	fra
Herrero	properNoun	oci	Herrero	properNoun	fra
Juanpere	properNoun	oci	Juanpere	properNoun	fra
cortesiá	noun	oci	politesse	noun	fra
cortesiá	noun	oci	courtoisie	noun	fra
regitar	verb	oci	rejeter	verb	fra
profecia	noun	oci	prophétie	noun	fra
companha	noun	oci	compagne	noun	fra
metadonada	noun	oci	métadonnée	noun	fra
Sénéchal	properNoun	oci	Sénéchal	properNoun	fra
parallelisme	noun	oci	parallélisme	noun	fra
Boleda	properNoun	oci	Boleda	properNoun	fra
aquò	pronoun	oci	ça	pronoun	fra
aquò	pronoun	oci	ceci	pronoun	fra
aquò	pronoun	oci	cela	pronoun	fra
despòrt	noun	oci	divertissement	noun	fra
tendrament	adverb	oci	tendrement	adverb	fra
Oliván	properNoun	oci	Oliván	properNoun	fra
fragilitat	noun	oci	fragilité	noun	fra
Chrétien	properNoun	oci	Chrétien	properNoun	fra
amb una sola votz	adverb	oci	d'une même voix	adverb	fra
Olivera	properNoun	oci	Olivera	properNoun	fra
convent	noun	oci	couvent	noun	fra
menteire	adjective	oci	menteur	adjective	fra
tirania	noun	oci	tyrannie	noun	fra
substitutiu	adjective	oci	substitutif	adjective	fra
Reizabal	properNoun	oci	Reizabal	properNoun	fra
ponch	noun	oci	point	noun	fra
Estragués	properNoun	oci	Estragués	properNoun	fra
Amable	properNoun	oci	Amable	properNoun	fra
Griño	properNoun	oci	Griño	properNoun	fra
oscillador	noun	oci	oscillateur	noun	fra
Gurrieri	properNoun	oci	Gurrieri	properNoun	fra
Anvèrs	properNoun	oci	Anvers	properNoun	fra
Guinjoan	properNoun	oci	Guinjoan	properNoun	fra
Emilia	properNoun	oci	Émilie	properNoun	fra
Emilia	properNoun	oci	Emilia	properNoun	fra
junior	adjective	oci	junior	adjective	fra
cinematografe	noun	oci	cinématographe	noun	fra
Alegret	properNoun	oci	Alegret	properNoun	fra
Castrillo	properNoun	oci	Castrillo	properNoun	fra
Barreda Fontes	properNoun	oci	Barreda Fontes	properNoun	fra
liquid	adjective	oci	liquide	adjective	fra
Daley	properNoun	oci	Daley	properNoun	fra
Coromina	properNoun	oci	Coromina	properNoun	fra
Diep	properNoun	oci	Diep	properNoun	fra
ondurenc	noun	oci	Hondurien	noun	fra
proposar	verb	oci	proposer	verb	fra
Batasuna	properNoun	oci	Batasuna	properNoun	fra
Charlish	properNoun	oci	Charlish	properNoun	fra
Panisello	properNoun	oci	Panisello	properNoun	fra
precursor	noun	oci	précurseur	noun	fra
galli	noun	oci	gallium	noun	fra
Ridao	properNoun	oci	Ridao	properNoun	fra
deduccion	noun	oci	déduction	noun	fra
semiotica	noun	oci	sémiotique	noun	fra
Marotte	properNoun	oci	Marotte	properNoun	fra
traïdor	adjective	oci	traître	adjective	fra
cairat	noun	oci	carré	noun	fra
Gibilisco	properNoun	oci	Gibilisco	properNoun	fra
divorciat	adjective	oci	divorcé	adjective	fra
Ladouceur	properNoun	oci	Ladouceur	properNoun	fra
Arafat	properNoun	oci	Arafat	properNoun	fra
preocupat	adjective	oci	préoccupé	adjective	fra
prefectura	noun	oci	préfecture	noun	fra
ciclista	noun	oci	cycliste	noun	fra
regaudir	verb	oci	contenter	verb	fra
regaudir	verb	oci	égayer	verb	fra
regaudir	verb	oci	réjouir	verb	fra
Neal	properNoun	oci	Neal	properNoun	fra
apnèa	noun	oci	apnée	noun	fra
vita	noun	oci	vie	noun	fra
Honecker	properNoun	oci	Honecker	properNoun	fra
Vallerand	properNoun	oci	Vallerand	properNoun	fra
governar	verb	oci	gouverner	verb	fra
seissanten	noun	oci	soixantième	noun	fra
emetedor	adjective	oci	émetteur	adjective	fra
parodic	adjective	oci	parodique	adjective	fra
trumpisme	noun	oci	trumpisme	noun	fra
von Ungern-Sternberg	properNoun	oci	von Ungern-Sternberg	properNoun	fra
sequièra	noun	oci	sécheresse	noun	fra
repròchi	noun	oci	reproche	noun	fra
Gide	properNoun	oci	Gide	properNoun	fra
pertinéncia	noun	oci	pertinence	noun	fra
Langton	properNoun	oci	Langton	properNoun	fra
Gavin	properNoun	oci	Gavin	properNoun	fra
Abulafia	properNoun	oci	Abulafia	properNoun	fra
país	noun	oci	comarque	noun	fra
país	noun	oci	pays	noun	fra
protocòl	noun	oci	protocole	noun	fra
acamp	noun	oci	meeting	noun	fra
96n	adjective	oci	96ème	adjective	fra
Román	properNoun	oci	Román	properNoun	fra
Peña	properNoun	oci	Peña	properNoun	fra
antropometric	adjective	oci	anthropométrique	adjective	fra
casse	noun	oci	chêne	noun	fra
nuclearizar	verb	oci	nucléariser	verb	fra
aparelh	noun	oci	appareil	noun	fra
aparelh	noun	oci	agrès	noun	fra
Pannekoek	properNoun	oci	Pannekoek	properNoun	fra
Irwin	properNoun	oci	Irwin	properNoun	fra
Laverde	properNoun	oci	Laverde	properNoun	fra
Soldevilla	properNoun	oci	Soldevilla	properNoun	fra
dilèma	noun	oci	dilemme	noun	fra
Sorrentino	properNoun	oci	Sorrentino	properNoun	fra
intermediari	adjective	oci	intermédiaire	adjective	fra
Birmania	properNoun	oci	Birmanie	properNoun	fra
locutor	noun	oci	locuteur	noun	fra
Plata	properNoun	oci	Plata	properNoun	fra
Thelma	properNoun	oci	Thelma	properNoun	fra
Zubeldia	properNoun	oci	Zubeldia	properNoun	fra
província	noun	oci	province	noun	fra
caudièira	noun	oci	chaudron	noun	fra
Frutos	properNoun	oci	Frutos	properNoun	fra
Boldu	properNoun	oci	Boldu	properNoun	fra
Gaitán	properNoun	oci	Gaitán	properNoun	fra
Torrubia	properNoun	oci	Torrubia	properNoun	fra
Giasson	properNoun	oci	Giasson	properNoun	fra
Corgan	properNoun	oci	Corgan	properNoun	fra
lombard	adjective	oci	lombard	adjective	fra
plural	noun	oci	pluriel	noun	fra
Mollie	properNoun	oci	Mollie	properNoun	fra
mèl	noun	oci	miel	noun	fra
mèl	noun	oci	courriel	noun	fra
massiu	adjective	oci	massif	adjective	fra
oposicion	noun	oci	opposition	noun	fra
venguda	noun	oci	venue	noun	fra
idrogèn	noun	oci	hydrogène	noun	fra
presic	noun	oci	sermon	noun	fra
Domergue	properNoun	oci	Dominique	properNoun	fra
Domergue	properNoun	oci	Domergue	properNoun	fra
Mule	properNoun	oci	Mule	properNoun	fra
aprovacion	noun	oci	approbation	noun	fra
Valenciano	properNoun	oci	Valenciano	properNoun	fra
Zagros	properNoun	oci	Zagros	properNoun	fra
Ordino	properNoun	oci	Ordino	properNoun	fra
escolastic	adjective	oci	scolastique	adjective	fra
financièrament	adverb	oci	financièrement	adverb	fra
PIB	noun	oci	PIB	noun	fra
anamorfòsi	noun	oci	anamorphose	noun	fra
quimicament	adverb	oci	chimiquement	adverb	fra
remercable	adjective	oci	remarquable	adjective	fra
Requejo	properNoun	oci	Requejo	properNoun	fra
Salgueiro	properNoun	oci	Salgueiro	properNoun	fra
Elhajj	properNoun	oci	Elhajj	properNoun	fra
ubiqüitari	adjective	oci	ubiquiste	adjective	fra
Mero	properNoun	oci	Mero	properNoun	fra
Tarradas	properNoun	oci	Tarradas	properNoun	fra
Dauphin	properNoun	oci	Dauphin	properNoun	fra
de Montijo	properNoun	oci	de Montijo	properNoun	fra
tetanizar	verb	oci	tétaniser	verb	fra
retirat	noun	oci	retraité	noun	fra
Bosque	properNoun	oci	Bosque	properNoun	fra
americanizar	verb	oci	américaniser	verb	fra
Coco	properNoun	oci	Coco	properNoun	fra
informacion	noun	oci	information	noun	fra
nebulositat	noun	oci	nébulosité	noun	fra
Morancho	properNoun	oci	Morancho	properNoun	fra
Nationalia	properNoun	oci	Nationalia	properNoun	fra
BCN	properNoun	oci	BCN	properNoun	fra
Carod	properNoun	oci	Carod	properNoun	fra
Salamanca	properNoun	oci	Salamanque	properNoun	fra
Salamanca	properNoun	oci	Salamanca	properNoun	fra
collectivament	adverb	oci	collectivement	adverb	fra
Algar	properNoun	oci	Algar	properNoun	fra
paradoxalament	adverb	oci	paradoxalement	adverb	fra
sindicar	verb	oci	syndiquer	verb	fra
dètz e noven	adjective	oci	dix-neuvième	adjective	fra
Rodney	properNoun	oci	Rodney	properNoun	fra
Rhodes	properNoun	oci	Rhodes	properNoun	fra
difóner	verb	oci	répandre	verb	fra
difóner	verb	oci	diffuser	verb	fra
genetica	noun	oci	génétique	noun	fra
legitim	adjective	oci	légitime	adjective	fra
angiospèrma	noun	oci	angiosperme	noun	fra
Revèst	properNoun	oci	Revèst	properNoun	fra
Gaudreault	properNoun	oci	Gaudreault	properNoun	fra
Delmas	properNoun	oci	Delmas	properNoun	fra
71n	adjective	oci	71ème	adjective	fra
Hudon	properNoun	oci	Hudon	properNoun	fra
edulcorat	adjective	oci	édulcoré	adjective	fra
fotre	noun	oci	foutre	noun	fra
percebre	verb	oci	percevoir	verb	fra
mostre	noun	oci	monstre	noun	fra
Briggs	properNoun	oci	Briggs	properNoun	fra
civada	noun	oci	avoine	noun	fra
Maltais	properNoun	oci	Maltais	properNoun	fra
aviada	noun	oci	essor	noun	fra
aviada	noun	oci	déclenchement	noun	fra
Wapachee	properNoun	oci	Wapachee	properNoun	fra
insofrible	adjective	oci	insupportable	adjective	fra
astenic	adjective	oci	asthénique	adjective	fra
retransmetre	verb	oci	retransmettre	verb	fra
totpoderós	adjective	oci	tout-puissant	adjective	fra
perfièchament	adverb	oci	parfaitement	adverb	fra
St-François	properNoun	oci	St-François	properNoun	fra
prumièr	noun	oci	premier	noun	fra
confluent	noun	oci	confluent	noun	fra
Argüelles	properNoun	oci	Argüelles	properNoun	fra
pedantisme	noun	oci	pédantisme	noun	fra
Tarragó	properNoun	oci	Tarragó	properNoun	fra
Amiri	properNoun	oci	Amiri	properNoun	fra
Ortiga	properNoun	oci	Ortiga	properNoun	fra
onzau	adjective	oci	onzième	adjective	fra
seguretat	noun	oci	sûreté	noun	fra
seguretat	noun	oci	sécurité	noun	fra
membrana	noun	oci	membrane	noun	fra
Nottaway	properNoun	oci	Nottaway	properNoun	fra
dirècte	noun	oci	direct	noun	fra
Monroe	properNoun	oci	Monroe	properNoun	fra
secret	noun	oci	secret	noun	fra
Angrill	properNoun	oci	Angrill	properNoun	fra
Ryanair	properNoun	oci	Ryanair	properNoun	fra
Word	properNoun	oci	Word	properNoun	fra
Bertran	properNoun	oci	Bertran	properNoun	fra
Amalia	properNoun	oci	Amalia	properNoun	fra
ignorar	verb	oci	ignorer	verb	fra
apressar	verb	oci	rapprocher	verb	fra
intelligible	adjective	oci	intelligible	adjective	fra
Désilets	properNoun	oci	Désilets	properNoun	fra
requalificacion	noun	oci	requalification	noun	fra
lach	noun	oci	lait	noun	fra
Lenoir	properNoun	oci	Lenoir	properNoun	fra
O'Dwyer	properNoun	oci	O'Dwyer	properNoun	fra
constanta	noun	oci	constante	noun	fra
de fons en cima	adverb	oci	de fond en comble	adverb	fra
audimat	noun	oci	audimat	noun	fra
micèli	noun	oci	mycélium	noun	fra
Béchard	properNoun	oci	Béchard	properNoun	fra
Colleen	properNoun	oci	Colleen	properNoun	fra
corròp	noun	oci	ensemble	noun	fra
antiquitat	noun	oci	antiquité	noun	fra
antiquitat	noun	oci	ancienneté	noun	fra
missionari	noun	oci	missionnaire	noun	fra
Ruperthouse	properNoun	oci	Ruperthouse	properNoun	fra
rastèl	noun	oci	râteau	noun	fra
Dell'Alba	properNoun	oci	Dell'Alba	properNoun	fra
calvinista	noun	oci	calviniste	noun	fra
Nieto	properNoun	oci	Nieto	properNoun	fra
sagrament	noun	oci	sacrement	noun	fra
Julio	properNoun	oci	Julio	properNoun	fra
subrecilha	noun	oci	sourcil	noun	fra
Oropeza	properNoun	oci	Oropeza	properNoun	fra
passapòrt	noun	oci	passeport	noun	fra
menusièr	noun	oci	menuisier	noun	fra
progressar	verb	oci	progresser	verb	fra
labèl	noun	oci	label	noun	fra
Itàlia	properNoun	oci	Italie	properNoun	fra
Abbey	properNoun	oci	Abbey	properNoun	fra
aprovisionament	noun	oci	approvisionnement	noun	fra
Joplin	properNoun	oci	Joplin	properNoun	fra
accedir	verb	oci	accéder	verb	fra
banh	noun	oci	bain	noun	fra
Lindsey	properNoun	oci	Lindsey	properNoun	fra
Hammett	properNoun	oci	Hammett	properNoun	fra
Netscape	properNoun	oci	Netscape	properNoun	fra
Thibault	properNoun	oci	Thibault	properNoun	fra
còder	verb	oci	cuire	verb	fra
embe	preposition	oci	avec	preposition	fra
brega	noun	oci	querelle	noun	fra
Cepeda	properNoun	oci	Cepeda	properNoun	fra
facilitar	verb	oci	faciliter	verb	fra
sarde	noun	oci	sarde	noun	fra
bonita	noun	oci	bonite	noun	fra
Muravyev	properNoun	oci	Muravyev	properNoun	fra
Matta	properNoun	oci	Matta	properNoun	fra
Laguiller	properNoun	oci	Laguiller	properNoun	fra
Labrie	properNoun	oci	Labrie	properNoun	fra
Agra	properNoun	oci	Agra	properNoun	fra
fugitiu	adjective	oci	fugitif	adjective	fra
Dorothy	properNoun	oci	Dorothy	properNoun	fra
Cazzola	properNoun	oci	Cazzola	properNoun	fra
Keely	properNoun	oci	Keely	properNoun	fra
cilindrada	noun	oci	cylindrée	noun	fra
omofòn	noun	oci	homophone	noun	fra
Bejarano	properNoun	oci	Bejarano	properNoun	fra
Gavalda	properNoun	oci	Gavalda	properNoun	fra
prescriure	verb	oci	prescrire	verb	fra
contingent	noun	oci	contingent	noun	fra
Doménech	properNoun	oci	Doménech	properNoun	fra
Valdes	properNoun	oci	Valdes	properNoun	fra
Beaulieu	properNoun	oci	Beaulieu	properNoun	fra
austriac	adjective	oci	autrichien	adjective	fra
Sànchez	properNoun	oci	Sànchez	properNoun	fra
normalament	adverb	oci	normalement	adverb	fra
Matheu	properNoun	oci	Matheu	properNoun	fra
Valcourt	properNoun	oci	Valcourt	properNoun	fra
Bèrna	properNoun	oci	Berne	properNoun	fra
drud	adjective	oci	luxuriant	adjective	fra
malian	noun	oci	Malien	noun	fra
Pelland	properNoun	oci	Pelland	properNoun	fra
Santisteban	properNoun	oci	Santisteban	properNoun	fra
guaianés	adjective	oci	guyanais	adjective	fra
Lupión	properNoun	oci	Lupión	properNoun	fra
obscenitat	noun	oci	obscénité	noun	fra
Goldenberg	properNoun	oci	Goldenberg	properNoun	fra
familiarizar	verb	oci	familiariser	verb	fra
Jutglar	properNoun	oci	Jutglar	properNoun	fra
piano	noun	oci	piano	noun	fra
candid	adjective	oci	candide	adjective	fra
gòt	noun	oci	verre	noun	fra
gòt	noun	oci	Goth	noun	fra
Godayol	properNoun	oci	Godayol	properNoun	fra
Karina	properNoun	oci	Karina	properNoun	fra
Danemarc	properNoun	oci	Danemark	properNoun	fra
emprenhament	noun	oci	grossesse	noun	fra
longament	adverb	oci	longuement	adverb	fra
seccionar	verb	oci	sectionner	verb	fra
engendrar	verb	oci	engendrer	verb	fra
morfologic	adjective	oci	morphologique	adjective	fra
gram	noun	oci	gramme	noun	fra
gram	noun	oci	chiendent	noun	fra
Yagües	properNoun	oci	Yagües	properNoun	fra
Benetton	properNoun	oci	Benetton	properNoun	fra
modem	noun	oci	modem	noun	fra
Brassard	properNoun	oci	Brassard	properNoun	fra
Mestre	properNoun	oci	Mestre	properNoun	fra
toron	noun	oci	toron	noun	fra
Ibn Zuhr	properNoun	oci	Ibn Zuhr	properNoun	fra
arabi	adjective	oci	arabe	adjective	fra
antioccitanisme	noun	oci	antioccitanisme	noun	fra
mobilizacion	noun	oci	mobilisation	noun	fra
esitar	verb	oci	hésiter	verb	fra
Doria	properNoun	oci	Doria	properNoun	fra
Gal·liè	properNoun	oci	Gal·liè	properNoun	fra
extracellular	adjective	oci	extracellulaire	adjective	fra
Arial	properNoun	oci	Arial	properNoun	fra
frenologia	noun	oci	phrénologie	noun	fra
ucrainés	noun	oci	Ukrainien	noun	fra
lançar	noun	oci	lancer	noun	fra
Tonga	properNoun	oci	Tonga	properNoun	fra
ellenisme	noun	oci	hellénisme	noun	fra
endrechièra	noun	oci	direction	noun	fra
mitat	noun	oci	moitié	noun	fra
solubilitat	noun	oci	solubilité	noun	fra
acina	noun	oci	cenelle	noun	fra
Enciso	properNoun	oci	Enciso	properNoun	fra
solista	noun	oci	soliste	noun	fra
andicapat	adjective	oci	handicapé	adjective	fra
sutura	noun	oci	suture	noun	fra
Milton	properNoun	oci	Milton	properNoun	fra
Larriba	properNoun	oci	Larriba	properNoun	fra
Sauzet	properNoun	oci	Sauzet	properNoun	fra
expeditor	noun	oci	expéditeur	noun	fra
tendut	adjective	oci	tendu	adjective	fra
magnèsi	noun	oci	magnésium	noun	fra
minutariá	noun	oci	minuterie	noun	fra
vejaire	noun	oci	avis	noun	fra
egemonic	adjective	oci	hégémonique	adjective	fra
recriminar	verb	oci	reprocher	verb	fra
recriminar	verb	oci	récriminer	verb	fra
McCabe	properNoun	oci	McCabe	properNoun	fra
importador	adjective	oci	importateur	adjective	fra
Doblas	properNoun	oci	Doblas	properNoun	fra
excursionista	noun	oci	excursionniste	noun	fra
basèli	noun	oci	basilic	noun	fra
maset	noun	oci	mazet	noun	fra
Fougère	properNoun	oci	Fougère	properNoun	fra
Balde	properNoun	oci	Balde	properNoun	fra
Rendón	properNoun	oci	Rendón	properNoun	fra
Kofi	properNoun	oci	Kofi	properNoun	fra
Hobbs	properNoun	oci	Hobbs	properNoun	fra
Olivés	properNoun	oci	Olivés	properNoun	fra
comptable	noun	oci	comptable	noun	fra
autograf	adjective	oci	autographe	adjective	fra
Bondia	properNoun	oci	Bondia	properNoun	fra
mitan	noun	oci	milieu	noun	fra
Martinelli	properNoun	oci	Martinelli	properNoun	fra
Villuendas	properNoun	oci	Villuendas	properNoun	fra
Sebastià	properNoun	oci	Sebastià	properNoun	fra
diatriba	noun	oci	diatribe	noun	fra
Jennifer	properNoun	oci	Jennifer	properNoun	fra
BNP Paribas	properNoun	oci	BNP Paribas	properNoun	fra
borg	noun	oci	bourg	noun	fra
fisiografic	adjective	oci	physiographique	adjective	fra
nativitat	noun	oci	nativité	noun	fra
Villemure	properNoun	oci	Villemure	properNoun	fra
Bergeron	properNoun	oci	Bergeron	properNoun	fra
trufar	verb	oci	moquer	verb	fra
leton	adjective	oci	letton	adjective	fra
onze	numeral	oci	onze	numeral	fra
dedins	adverb	oci	dedans	adverb	fra
Mame	properNoun	oci	Mame	properNoun	fra
gravadura	noun	oci	gravure	noun	fra
avariciós	adjective	oci	avaricieux	adjective	fra
Potts	properNoun	oci	Potts	properNoun	fra
quitament	adverb	oci	voire même	adverb	fra
quitament	adverb	oci	voire	adverb	fra
quitament	adverb	oci	même	adverb	fra
Mantilla	properNoun	oci	Mantilla	properNoun	fra
cuedar	verb	oci	soigner	verb	fra
Rosser	properNoun	oci	Rosser	properNoun	fra
banhadoira	noun	oci	baignoire	noun	fra
ochanta	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt	numeral	fra
Laventure	properNoun	oci	Laventure	properNoun	fra
conclusent	adjective	oci	concluant	adjective	fra
pauta	noun	oci	patte	noun	fra
pauta	noun	oci	règle	noun	fra
Ravenelle	properNoun	oci	Ravenelle	properNoun	fra
semantica	noun	oci	sémantique	noun	fra
narratiu	adjective	oci	narratif	adjective	fra
nivèl	noun	oci	niveau	noun	fra
Barraquer	properNoun	oci	Barraquer	properNoun	fra
retenguda	noun	oci	rétention	noun	fra
Farnsworth	properNoun	oci	Farnsworth	properNoun	fra
aerobí	adjective	oci	aérobie	adjective	fra
Bae	properNoun	oci	Bae	properNoun	fra
Antigua	properNoun	oci	Antigua	properNoun	fra
Rue	properNoun	oci	Rue	properNoun	fra
espleita	noun	oci	exploitation	noun	fra
mèscla	noun	oci	mélange	noun	fra
automat	noun	oci	automate	noun	fra
tròç	noun	oci	tronçon	noun	fra
tròç	noun	oci	fragment	noun	fra
tròç	noun	oci	morceau	noun	fra
le Carré	properNoun	oci	le Carré	properNoun	fra
àrber	noun	oci	arbre	noun	fra
Mollá	properNoun	oci	Mollá	properNoun	fra
Pinochet	properNoun	oci	Pinochet	properNoun	fra
Paños	properNoun	oci	Paños	properNoun	fra
Giuliani	properNoun	oci	Giuliani	properNoun	fra
alveolar	adjective	oci	alvéolaire	adjective	fra
depès	adverb	oci	debout	adverb	fra
coexistir	verb	oci	coexister	verb	fra
AllMusic	properNoun	oci	AllMusic	properNoun	fra
saldar	verb	oci	solder	verb	fra
a l'ora d'ara	adverb	oci	à l'heure actuelle	adverb	fra
a l'ora d'ara	adverb	oci	actuellement	adverb	fra
a l'ora d'ara	adverb	oci	de nos jours	adverb	fra
tresen	adjective	oci	troisième	adjective	fra
Montilla	properNoun	oci	Montilla	properNoun	fra
Canuel	properNoun	oci	Canuel	properNoun	fra
rosegaire	noun	oci	rongeur	noun	fra
Targa	properNoun	oci	Targa	properNoun	fra
irrevocablament	adverb	oci	irrévocablement	adverb	fra
Grané	properNoun	oci	Grané	properNoun	fra
Penedès	properNoun	oci	Penedès	properNoun	fra
Crotta	properNoun	oci	Crotta	properNoun	fra
copar	verb	oci	casser	verb	fra
copar	verb	oci	couper	verb	fra
semifinalista	noun	oci	demi-finaliste	noun	fra
Beauséjour	properNoun	oci	Beauséjour	properNoun	fra
Bettini	properNoun	oci	Bettini	properNoun	fra
manuscrit	noun	oci	manuscrit	noun	fra
projectil	noun	oci	projectile	noun	fra
Smart	properNoun	oci	Smart	properNoun	fra
Corbi	properNoun	oci	Corbi	properNoun	fra
Klarsfeld	properNoun	oci	Klarsfeld	properNoun	fra
Chovashia	properNoun	oci	Tchouvachie	properNoun	fra
onzen	adjective	oci	onzième	adjective	fra
Bakker	properNoun	oci	Bakker	properNoun	fra
Champions League	properNoun	oci	Champions League	properNoun	fra
excellent	adjective	oci	excellent	adjective	fra
plombar	verb	oci	plomber	verb	fra
Keeling	properNoun	oci	Keeling	properNoun	fra
anorexia	noun	oci	anorexie	noun	fra
estienuda	noun	oci	étendue	noun	fra
Tzvetaeva	properNoun	oci	Tsvetaeva	properNoun	fra
contrabanda	noun	oci	contrebande	noun	fra
exaustivitat	noun	oci	exhaustivité	noun	fra
mèstre	adjective	oci	maître	adjective	fra
Napess	properNoun	oci	Napess	properNoun	fra
furgar	verb	oci	fouiller	verb	fra
Busquets	properNoun	oci	Busquets	properNoun	fra
dolor	noun	oci	douleur	noun	fra
Melbourne	properNoun	oci	Melbourne	properNoun	fra
Montgomery	properNoun	oci	Montgomery	properNoun	fra
electròde	noun	oci	électrode	noun	fra
placiditat	noun	oci	placidité	noun	fra
7n	adjective	oci	7ème	adjective	fra
tampat	adjective	oci	fermé	adjective	fra
Damiano	properNoun	oci	Damiano	properNoun	fra
Ashini	properNoun	oci	Ashini	properNoun	fra
electronica	noun	oci	électronique	noun	fra
cera	noun	oci	cire	noun	fra
Jaén	properNoun	oci	Jaén	properNoun	fra
Champeau	properNoun	oci	Champeau	properNoun	fra
cauceta	noun	oci	chaussette	noun	fra
Sardenha	properNoun	oci	Sardaigne	properNoun	fra
artesanat	noun	oci	artisanat	noun	fra
Burt	properNoun	oci	Burt	properNoun	fra
Rhys	properNoun	oci	Rhys	properNoun	fra
Baldwin	properNoun	oci	Baldwin	properNoun	fra
Brasilia	properNoun	oci	Brasilia	properNoun	fra
Mas-Colell	properNoun	oci	Mas-Colell	properNoun	fra
Saül	properNoun	oci	Saül	properNoun	fra
pr'aquò	subordinatingConjunction	oci	pourtant	subordinatingConjunction	fra
pr'aquò	subordinatingConjunction	oci	néanmoins	subordinatingConjunction	fra
pr'aquò	subordinatingConjunction	oci	cependant	subordinatingConjunction	fra
aglomerat	adjective	oci	aggloméré	adjective	fra
petal	noun	oci	pétale	noun	fra
fornièr	noun	oci	boulanger	noun	fra
Pomares	properNoun	oci	Pomares	properNoun	fra
velleïtós	adjective	oci	velléitaire	adjective	fra
brasilièr	adjective	oci	brésilien	adjective	fra
sol	adjective	oci	seul	adjective	fra
degalh	noun	oci	déchet	noun	fra
sotméter	verb	oci	soumettre	verb	fra
Duque	properNoun	oci	Duque	properNoun	fra
prevision	noun	oci	prévision	noun	fra
enfortir	verb	oci	fortifier	verb	fra
laton	noun	oci	laiton	noun	fra
negligéncia	noun	oci	négligence	noun	fra
Mitsubishi	properNoun	oci	Mitsubishi	properNoun	fra
Pàdoa	properNoun	oci	Padoue	properNoun	fra
Davi	properNoun	oci	Davi	properNoun	fra
faucilh	noun	oci	martinet	noun	fra
vesin	noun	oci	voisin	noun	fra
notificar	verb	oci	notifier	verb	fra
jaguar	noun	oci	jaguar	noun	fra
mediana	noun	oci	médiane	noun	fra
luciòla	noun	oci	luciole	noun	fra
Liberatore	properNoun	oci	Liberatore	properNoun	fra
SAE	noun	oci	SAE	noun	fra
Tam	properNoun	oci	Tam	properNoun	fra
e mai que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	même si	subordinatingConjunction	fra
sortida	noun	oci	sortie	noun	fra
von Steinberg	properNoun	oci	von Steinberg	properNoun	fra
mila	noun	oci	mile	noun	fra
mila	noun	oci	mille	noun	fra
Martini	properNoun	oci	Martini	properNoun	fra
Ballmer	properNoun	oci	Ballmer	properNoun	fra
un chic aprèp	adverb	oci	un peu après	adverb	fra
Derouin	properNoun	oci	Derouin	properNoun	fra
Marruecos	properNoun	oci	Marruecos	properNoun	fra
Paricio	properNoun	oci	Paricio	properNoun	fra
que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	car	subordinatingConjunction	fra
que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
França	properNoun	oci	France	properNoun	fra
Vivo	properNoun	oci	Vivo	properNoun	fra
alternatiu	adjective	oci	alternatif	adjective	fra
dissemblança	noun	oci	dissemblance	noun	fra
Dugas	properNoun	oci	Dugas	properNoun	fra
localitat	noun	oci	localité	noun	fra
Kovacevic	properNoun	oci	Kovacevic	properNoun	fra
jamaïcan	adjective	oci	jamaïcain	adjective	fra
Adrien	properNoun	oci	Adrien	properNoun	fra
Gorley	properNoun	oci	Gorley	properNoun	fra
trimestralament	adverb	oci	trimestriellement	adverb	fra
Caldera	properNoun	oci	Caldera	properNoun	fra
Parada	properNoun	oci	Parada	properNoun	fra
Bilquez	properNoun	oci	Bilquez	properNoun	fra
tradicionalista	adjective	oci	traditionnaliste	adjective	fra
lavable	adjective	oci	lavable	adjective	fra
proteïna	noun	oci	protéine	noun	fra
a l'entrelutz	adverb	oci	au crépuscule	adverb	fra
falhida	noun	oci	faillite	noun	fra
plafonar	verb	oci	plafonner	verb	fra
adductor	noun	oci	adducteur	noun	fra
setze	numeral	oci	seize	numeral	fra
garir	verb	oci	guérir	verb	fra
garir	verb	oci	soigner	verb	fra
Báthory	properNoun	oci	Báthory	properNoun	fra
clausula	noun	oci	clause	noun	fra
de mon costat de	preposition	oci	pour ma part	preposition	fra
forn	noun	oci	four	noun	fra
Zurita	properNoun	oci	Zurita	properNoun	fra
comunicatiu	adjective	oci	communicatif	adjective	fra
contrataca	noun	oci	contre-attaque	noun	fra
conéisher	verb	oci	connaître	verb	fra
reculhiment	noun	oci	recueillement	noun	fra
Larose	properNoun	oci	Larose	properNoun	fra
de Bakker	properNoun	oci	de Bakker	properNoun	fra
Troya	properNoun	oci	Troya	properNoun	fra
Morté	properNoun	oci	Morté	properNoun	fra
centim	noun	oci	centime	noun	fra
indemnitat	noun	oci	indemnité	noun	fra
Labrecque	properNoun	oci	Labrecque	properNoun	fra
Hijazi	properNoun	oci	Hijazi	properNoun	fra
Natividad	properNoun	oci	Natividad	properNoun	fra
crosament	noun	oci	croisement	noun	fra
Melendez	properNoun	oci	Melendez	properNoun	fra
Ferdinand	properNoun	oci	Ferdinand	properNoun	fra
plan segur	adverb	oci	bien sûr	adverb	fra
mestís	adjective	oci	métis	adjective	fra
epistòla	noun	oci	épistole	noun	fra
idonèu	adjective	oci	idéal	adjective	fra
idonèu	adjective	oci	idoine	adjective	fra
Pritchard	properNoun	oci	Pritchard	properNoun	fra
Johnson	properNoun	oci	Johnson	properNoun	fra
Caors	properNoun	oci	Cahors	properNoun	fra
Roussy	properNoun	oci	Roussy	properNoun	fra
Cañellas	properNoun	oci	Cañellas	properNoun	fra
a planponh	adverb	oci	à pleine main	adverb	fra
Rubiales	properNoun	oci	Rubiales	properNoun	fra
Josep Maria	properNoun	oci	Josep Maria	properNoun	fra
granitic	adjective	oci	granitique	adjective	fra
condusir	verb	oci	conduire	verb	fra
Picart	properNoun	oci	Picart	properNoun	fra
afix	noun	oci	affixe	noun	fra
playstation	noun	oci	playstation	noun	fra
bolegar	verb	oci	bouger	verb	fra
Alcalá	properNoun	oci	Alcalá	properNoun	fra
Mondragón	properNoun	oci	Mondragón	properNoun	fra
onzen	noun	oci	onzième	noun	fra
Calvert	properNoun	oci	Calvert	properNoun	fra
sindròme	noun	oci	syndrome	noun	fra
Arrimadas	properNoun	oci	Arrimadas	properNoun	fra
Amalric	properNoun	oci	Amalric	properNoun	fra
interseccion	noun	oci	intersection	noun	fra
perditz	noun	oci	perdrix	noun	fra
Tinkler	properNoun	oci	Tinkler	properNoun	fra
pese	noun	oci	pois	noun	fra
Puigbó	properNoun	oci	Puigbó	properNoun	fra
Pepe	properNoun	oci	Pepe	properNoun	fra
atenuar	verb	oci	atténuer	verb	fra
tumor	noun	oci	tumeur	noun	fra
tumor	noun	oci	néoplasme	noun	fra
nacionalista	adjective	oci	nationaliste	adjective	fra
fonamentar	verb	oci	fonder	verb	fra
escrich	adjective	oci	écrit	adjective	fra
Civico	properNoun	oci	Civico	properNoun	fra
Fragoso	properNoun	oci	Fragoso	properNoun	fra
ashish	noun	oci	haschich	noun	fra
domnon	noun	oci	donjon	noun	fra
rigidament	adverb	oci	rigidement	adverb	fra
Pinós	properNoun	oci	Pinós	properNoun	fra
Maude	properNoun	oci	Maude	properNoun	fra
vigilància	noun	oci	surveillance	noun	fra
vigilància	noun	oci	vigilance	noun	fra
inflamable	adjective	oci	inflammable	adjective	fra
Orihuela	properNoun	oci	Orihuela	properNoun	fra
esperantisme	noun	oci	espérantisme	noun	fra
petit	adjective	oci	petit	adjective	fra
Ribalta	properNoun	oci	Ribalta	properNoun	fra
Gañán	properNoun	oci	Gañán	properNoun	fra
brèça	noun	oci	berceau	noun	fra
navegable	adjective	oci	navigable	adjective	fra
Oliete	properNoun	oci	Oliete	properNoun	fra
Clio	properNoun	oci	Clio	properNoun	fra
Irastorza	properNoun	oci	Irastorza	properNoun	fra
Rajaratnam	properNoun	oci	Rajaratnam	properNoun	fra
sindicalisme	noun	oci	syndicalisme	noun	fra
violet	adjective	oci	violet	adjective	fra
aucupar	verb	oci	occuper	verb	fra
catenari	adjective	oci	caténaire	adjective	fra
Bigorda	properNoun	oci	Bigorda	properNoun	fra
consolidacion	noun	oci	consolidation	noun	fra
sause	noun	oci	saule	noun	fra
El Harrak	properNoun	oci	El Harrak	properNoun	fra
Chianetta	properNoun	oci	Chianetta	properNoun	fra
Chiva	properNoun	oci	Chiva	properNoun	fra
Jugnot	properNoun	oci	Jugnot	properNoun	fra
a solelh colc	adverb	oci	au coucher du soleil	adverb	fra
Boudreau	properNoun	oci	Boudreau	properNoun	fra
Trives	properNoun	oci	Trives	properNoun	fra
Abrams	properNoun	oci	Abrams	properNoun	fra
aperitiu	noun	oci	apéritif	noun	fra
liéger	verb	oci	lire	verb	fra
conveccion	noun	oci	convection	noun	fra
emotiu	adjective	oci	émotif	adjective	fra
Monroy	properNoun	oci	Monroy	properNoun	fra
denticion	noun	oci	dentition	noun	fra
Gombau	properNoun	oci	Gombau	properNoun	fra
astúcia	noun	oci	astuce	noun	fra
Gingras	properNoun	oci	Gingras	properNoun	fra
dissociacion	noun	oci	dissociation	noun	fra
rendable	adjective	oci	rentable	adjective	fra
derrota	noun	oci	défaite	noun	fra
grop	noun	oci	groupe	noun	fra
dòna	noun	oci	dame	noun	fra
interrogar	verb	oci	interroger	verb	fra
Freedman	properNoun	oci	Freedman	properNoun	fra
abraçada	noun	oci	embrassade	noun	fra
medullar	adjective	oci	médullaire	adjective	fra
pèsta	noun	oci	puanteur	noun	fra
pèsta	noun	oci	peste	noun	fra
Contell	properNoun	oci	Contell	properNoun	fra
fenèstra	noun	oci	fenêtre	noun	fra
monològ	noun	oci	monologue	noun	fra
bassa	noun	oci	basse	noun	fra
Badía	properNoun	oci	Badía	properNoun	fra
Hislop	properNoun	oci	Hislop	properNoun	fra
rubrica	noun	oci	rubrique	noun	fra
tantric	adjective	oci	tantrique	adjective	fra
Leonardi	properNoun	oci	Leonardi	properNoun	fra
Agüero	properNoun	oci	Agüero	properNoun	fra
pauretat	noun	oci	pauvreté	noun	fra
Fois	properNoun	oci	Foix	properNoun	fra
Fois	properNoun	oci	Fois	properNoun	fra
Ritchot	properNoun	oci	Ritchot	properNoun	fra
Verdasco	properNoun	oci	Verdasco	properNoun	fra
Gasa	properNoun	oci	Gasa	properNoun	fra
glòsa	noun	oci	glose	noun	fra
tendresa	noun	oci	tendresse	noun	fra
Cerdanha	properNoun	oci	Cerdagne	properNoun	fra
salze	noun	oci	saule	noun	fra
Plotin	properNoun	oci	Plotin	properNoun	fra
pagament	noun	oci	paiement	noun	fra
Cremades	properNoun	oci	Cremades	properNoun	fra
parroquian	noun	oci	paroissien	noun	fra
Bastida	properNoun	oci	Bastida	properNoun	fra
Vicedo	properNoun	oci	Vicedo	properNoun	fra
japonés	noun	oci	japonais	noun	fra
somatic	adjective	oci	somatique	adjective	fra
fax	noun	oci	fax	noun	fra
Vedèl	properNoun	oci	Vedèl	properNoun	fra
Guijarro	properNoun	oci	Guijarro	properNoun	fra
grua	noun	oci	grue	noun	fra
Theo	properNoun	oci	Theo	properNoun	fra
solid	noun	oci	solide	noun	fra
Launière	properNoun	oci	Launière	properNoun	fra
annexar	verb	oci	annexer	verb	fra
Lupien	properNoun	oci	Lupien	properNoun	fra
Domené	properNoun	oci	Domené	properNoun	fra
Ita	properNoun	oci	Ita	properNoun	fra
destinar	verb	oci	destiner	verb	fra
Ivan	properNoun	oci	Ivan	properNoun	fra
Labonne	properNoun	oci	Labonne	properNoun	fra
extraterrèstre	adjective	oci	extraterrestre	adjective	fra
aluminic	adjective	oci	aluminique	adjective	fra
presumir	verb	oci	présumer	verb	fra
comatós	adjective	oci	comateux	adjective	fra
clauar	verb	oci	ficher	verb	fra
alquimista	noun	oci	alchimiste	noun	fra
Nauts de Sèina	properNoun	oci	Hauts-de-Seine	properNoun	fra
patesejant	noun	oci	patoisant	noun	fra
associable	adjective	oci	associable	adjective	fra
Kenzie	properNoun	oci	Kenzie	properNoun	fra
Gaulle	properNoun	oci	Gaulle	properNoun	fra
en vigor	adjective	oci	en vigueur	adjective	fra
barometric	adjective	oci	barométrique	adjective	fra
Waller	properNoun	oci	Waller	properNoun	fra
Angélique	properNoun	oci	Angélique	properNoun	fra
insoluble	adjective	oci	insoluble	adjective	fra
Tadros	properNoun	oci	Tadros	properNoun	fra
Lago	properNoun	oci	Lago	properNoun	fra
Meurthe e Mosèla	properNoun	oci	Meurthe-et-Moselle	properNoun	fra
batèsta	noun	oci	bataille	noun	fra
coiòt	noun	oci	coyote	noun	fra
a l'unisson	adverb	oci	à l'unisson	adverb	fra
acte	noun	oci	acte	noun	fra
al punt que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	au point que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Durst	properNoun	oci	Durst	properNoun	fra
Baucells	properNoun	oci	Baucells	properNoun	fra
nematologia	noun	oci	nématologie	noun	fra
Sedda	properNoun	oci	Sedda	properNoun	fra
digne	adjective	oci	digne	adjective	fra
caricatura	noun	oci	caricature	noun	fra
pagar	verb	oci	appointer	verb	fra
pagar	verb	oci	payer	verb	fra
Calsina	properNoun	oci	Calsina	properNoun	fra
Madison	properNoun	oci	Madison	properNoun	fra
electrostatic	adjective	oci	électrostatique	adjective	fra
machisme	noun	oci	machisme	noun	fra
palpament	noun	oci	attouchement	noun	fra
transcripcion	noun	oci	transcription	noun	fra
Aguirrezabalaga	properNoun	oci	Aguirrezabalaga	properNoun	fra
Larrinaga	properNoun	oci	Larrinaga	properNoun	fra
Borrell	properNoun	oci	Borrell	properNoun	fra
Barrabés	properNoun	oci	Barrabés	properNoun	fra
absorbir	verb	oci	absorber	verb	fra
Feixas	properNoun	oci	Feixas	properNoun	fra
Wysote	properNoun	oci	Wysote	properNoun	fra
legir	verb	oci	lire	verb	fra
lateralament	adverb	oci	latéralement	adverb	fra
Fontana	properNoun	oci	Fontana	properNoun	fra
Patxi	properNoun	oci	Patxi	properNoun	fra
Braga	properNoun	oci	Braga	properNoun	fra
Timòr Èst	properNoun	oci	Timor oriental	properNoun	fra
Toapanta	properNoun	oci	Toapanta	properNoun	fra
Emmanuelli	properNoun	oci	Emmanuelli	properNoun	fra
comunista	noun	oci	communiste	noun	fra
Lairissa	properNoun	oci	Lairissa	properNoun	fra
Zapatero	properNoun	oci	Zapatero	properNoun	fra
Alcocer	properNoun	oci	Alcocer	properNoun	fra
al risc de	preposition	oci	au risque de	preposition	fra
alemand	adjective	oci	allemand	adjective	fra
Mediavilla	properNoun	oci	Mediavilla	properNoun	fra
nazisme	noun	oci	nazisme	noun	fra
entòrta	noun	oci	torche	noun	fra
lipidic	adjective	oci	lipidique	adjective	fra
Belgica	properNoun	oci	Belgique	properNoun	fra
quadre	noun	oci	tableau	noun	fra
quadre	noun	oci	cadre	noun	fra
Inguanta	properNoun	oci	Inguanta	properNoun	fra
Montagud	properNoun	oci	Montagud	properNoun	fra
Morte	properNoun	oci	Morte	properNoun	fra
mail	noun	oci	courriel	noun	fra
enfonzament	noun	oci	enfoncement	noun	fra
deriva	noun	oci	dérive	noun	fra
ingovernable	adjective	oci	ingouvernable	adjective	fra
quinquagenari	noun	oci	quinquagénaire	noun	fra
tranquillizar	verb	oci	tranquilliser	verb	fra
tranquillizar	verb	oci	rassurer	verb	fra
tranquillizar	verb	oci	accalmir	verb	fra
sondable	adjective	oci	sondable	adjective	fra
Monje	properNoun	oci	Monje	properNoun	fra
eth quau	relativePronoun	oci	lequel	relativePronoun	fra
melicós	adjective	oci	mielleux	adjective	fra
Elena	properNoun	oci	Elena	properNoun	fra
Barbany	properNoun	oci	Barbany	properNoun	fra
Laurencelle	properNoun	oci	Laurencelle	properNoun	fra
obsolet	adjective	oci	obsolète	adjective	fra
Tejerina	properNoun	oci	Tejerina	properNoun	fra
neutron	noun	oci	neutron	noun	fra
patés	noun	oci	patois	noun	fra
Boné	properNoun	oci	Boné	properNoun	fra
Zugasti	properNoun	oci	Zugasti	properNoun	fra
Valdivieso	properNoun	oci	Valdivieso	properNoun	fra
papagai	noun	oci	perroquet	noun	fra
Andíjar	properNoun	oci	Andíjar	properNoun	fra
Becerril	properNoun	oci	Becerril	properNoun	fra
discors	noun	oci	discours	noun	fra
Klitschko	properNoun	oci	Klitschko	properNoun	fra
autodròm	noun	oci	autodrome	noun	fra
desservir	verb	oci	desservir	verb	fra
incoeréncia	noun	oci	incohérence	noun	fra
animacion	noun	oci	animation	noun	fra
fascicul	noun	oci	fascicule	noun	fra
efècte	noun	oci	effet	noun	fra
Amico	properNoun	oci	Amico	properNoun	fra
precipitar	verb	oci	précipiter	verb	fra
Guinot	properNoun	oci	Guinot	properNoun	fra
futilitat	noun	oci	futilité	noun	fra
gaelic	adjective	oci	gaélique	adjective	fra
taxidermic	adjective	oci	taxidermique	adjective	fra
pebron	noun	oci	poivron	noun	fra
Amar	properNoun	oci	Amar	properNoun	fra
Ève	properNoun	oci	Ève	properNoun	fra
Pageau	properNoun	oci	Pageau	properNoun	fra
Valldepérez	properNoun	oci	Valldepérez	properNoun	fra
Raby	properNoun	oci	Raby	properNoun	fra
Sharp	properNoun	oci	Sharp	properNoun	fra
mini	adjective	oci	mini	adjective	fra
bateire	noun	oci	batteur	noun	fra
Yuste	properNoun	oci	Yuste	properNoun	fra
ralh	noun	oci	rail	noun	fra
Montmany	properNoun	oci	Montmany	properNoun	fra
apaurir	verb	oci	appauvrir	verb	fra
Borbons	properNoun	oci	Bourbons	properNoun	fra
chèc	noun	oci	chèque	noun	fra
chèc	noun	oci	tchèque	noun	fra
orticòla	adjective	oci	horticole	adjective	fra
Bertin	properNoun	oci	Bertin	properNoun	fra
Illescas	properNoun	oci	Illescas	properNoun	fra
milgrana	noun	oci	grenade	noun	fra
còrs	noun	oci	corps	noun	fra
còrs	noun	oci	corse	noun	fra
saxon	adjective	oci	saxon	adjective	fra
lexicologia	noun	oci	lexicologie	noun	fra
societat	noun	oci	société	noun	fra
totes amassa	adverb	oci	tous ensemble	adverb	fra
cloc	adjective	oci	blet	adjective	fra
Ladrie	properNoun	oci	Ladrie	properNoun	fra
per	adverb	oci	pour	adverb	fra
Instagram	properNoun	oci	Instagram	properNoun	fra
emblematic	adjective	oci	emblématique	adjective	fra
de Francisco	properNoun	oci	de Francisco	properNoun	fra
pullular	verb	oci	pulluler	verb	fra
Firefox	properNoun	oci	Firefox	properNoun	fra
Dimopoulos	properNoun	oci	Dimopoulos	properNoun	fra
Torré	properNoun	oci	Torré	properNoun	fra
Alcivar	properNoun	oci	Alcivar	properNoun	fra
correder	noun	oci	couloir	noun	fra
di Marco	properNoun	oci	di Marco	properNoun	fra
Connor	properNoun	oci	Connor	properNoun	fra
pauc a cha pauc	adverb	oci	peu à peu	adverb	fra
comte	noun	oci	comtesse	noun	fra
comte	noun	oci	comte	noun	fra
anticomunista	adjective	oci	anticommuniste	adjective	fra
Cardelli	properNoun	oci	Cardelli	properNoun	fra
Nobile	properNoun	oci	Nobile	properNoun	fra
Broz	properNoun	oci	Broz	properNoun	fra
Chillón	properNoun	oci	Chillón	properNoun	fra
groselha	noun	oci	groseille	noun	fra
Elisa	properNoun	oci	Elisa	properNoun	fra
tulipa	noun	oci	tulipe	noun	fra
randoleta	noun	oci	hirondelle	noun	fra
Jofré	properNoun	oci	Jofré	properNoun	fra
previsible	adjective	oci	prévisible	adjective	fra
micròbi	noun	oci	microbe	noun	fra
Meyer	properNoun	oci	Meyer	properNoun	fra
Tombatossals	properNoun	oci	Tombatossals	properNoun	fra
Gdansk	properNoun	oci	Gdansk	properNoun	fra
Morera	properNoun	oci	Morera	properNoun	fra
Vanier	properNoun	oci	Vanier	properNoun	fra
Castelha	properNoun	oci	Castille	properNoun	fra
Megia	properNoun	oci	Megia	properNoun	fra
messorga	noun	oci	mensonge	noun	fra
maugrat lo fach que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	malgré le fait que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
bedol	noun	oci	bouleau	noun	fra
Herreros	properNoun	oci	Herreros	properNoun	fra
ne mai	coordinatingConjunction	oci	ni	coordinatingConjunction	fra
Museveni	properNoun	oci	Museveni	properNoun	fra
Gurreri	properNoun	oci	Gurreri	properNoun	fra
filarmonic	adjective	oci	philharmonique	adjective	fra
omograf	noun	oci	homographe	noun	fra
divagar	verb	oci	divaguer	verb	fra
Samara	properNoun	oci	Samara	properNoun	fra
redactar	verb	oci	rédiger	verb	fra
redactar	verb	oci	libeller	verb	fra
von Stade	properNoun	oci	von Stade	properNoun	fra
sulcòp	adverb	oci	tout de suite	adverb	fra
sulcòp	adverb	oci	illico	adverb	fra
sulcòp	adverb	oci	immédiatement	adverb	fra
sulcòp	adverb	oci	aussitôt	adverb	fra
Alzate	properNoun	oci	Alzate	properNoun	fra
prismatic	adjective	oci	prismatique	adjective	fra
palma	noun	oci	paume	noun	fra
palma	noun	oci	palme	noun	fra
Sorce	properNoun	oci	Sorce	properNoun	fra
Julieta	properNoun	oci	Julieta	properNoun	fra
Julieta	properNoun	oci	Juliette	properNoun	fra
formalizar	verb	oci	formaliser	verb	fra
Crête	properNoun	oci	Crête	properNoun	fra
ajornar	verb	oci	ajourner	verb	fra
Cousteau	properNoun	oci	Cousteau	properNoun	fra
zimbabwean	adjective	oci	zimbabwéen	adjective	fra
Lestage	properNoun	oci	Lestage	properNoun	fra
cendrèr	noun	oci	cendrier	noun	fra
Elaine	properNoun	oci	Elaine	properNoun	fra
osteologic	adjective	oci	ostéologique	adjective	fra
Doddridge	properNoun	oci	Doddridge	properNoun	fra
un chic mai de	preposition	oci	un peu plus de	preposition	fra
Mongay	properNoun	oci	Mongay	properNoun	fra
Biard	properNoun	oci	Biard	properNoun	fra
O'Keeffe	properNoun	oci	O'Keeffe	properNoun	fra
esbaussament	noun	oci	effondrement	noun	fra
Maximo	properNoun	oci	Maximo	properNoun	fra
mencion	noun	oci	mention	noun	fra
Mezzapelle	properNoun	oci	Mezzapelle	properNoun	fra
Marcelle	properNoun	oci	Marcelle	properNoun	fra
Glyndŵr	properNoun	oci	Glyndŵr	properNoun	fra
especificitat	noun	oci	spécificité	noun	fra
matematicament	adverb	oci	mathématiquement	adverb	fra
esparràs	noun	oci	madrier	noun	fra
logicial	noun	oci	logiciel	noun	fra
Hofmann	properNoun	oci	Hofmann	properNoun	fra
pica	noun	oci	pic	noun	fra
pica	noun	oci	pique	noun	fra
revelator	adjective	oci	révélateur	adjective	fra
Shapiro	properNoun	oci	Shapiro	properNoun	fra
Rodés	properNoun	oci	Rodez	properNoun	fra
Rodés	properNoun	oci	Rodés	properNoun	fra
canton	noun	oci	coin	noun	fra
canton	noun	oci	recoin	noun	fra
canton	noun	oci	côté	noun	fra
canton	noun	oci	canton	noun	fra
recomanar	verb	oci	recommander	verb	fra
amèn	noun	oci	amen	noun	fra
viking	noun	oci	Viking	noun	fra
Humberto	properNoun	oci	Humberto	properNoun	fra
Lawson	properNoun	oci	Lawson	properNoun	fra
Francis Bacon	properNoun	oci	Francis Bacon	properNoun	fra
Vancouver	properNoun	oci	Vancouver	properNoun	fra
Betelèm	properNoun	oci	Bethléem	properNoun	fra
Barrufets	properNoun	oci	Barrufets	properNoun	fra
Marsan	properNoun	oci	Marsan	properNoun	fra
almanac	noun	oci	almanach	noun	fra
dislocacion	noun	oci	dislocation	noun	fra
ECO	properNoun	oci	ECO	properNoun	fra
Dan	properNoun	oci	Dan	properNoun	fra
Viñallonga	properNoun	oci	Viñallonga	properNoun	fra
Mildred	properNoun	oci	Mildred	properNoun	fra
golut	adjective	oci	goulu	adjective	fra
Turu	properNoun	oci	Turu	properNoun	fra
caponariá	noun	oci	couardise	noun	fra
Prenafeta	properNoun	oci	Prenafeta	properNoun	fra
magia	noun	oci	magie	noun	fra
receptiu	adjective	oci	réceptif	adjective	fra
Paquin	properNoun	oci	Paquin	properNoun	fra
necròsi	noun	oci	nécrose	noun	fra
dògma	noun	oci	dogme	noun	fra
compatir	verb	oci	compatir	verb	fra
inestabilitat	noun	oci	instabilité	noun	fra
ciutadan	noun	oci	ressortissant	noun	fra
ciutadan	noun	oci	citoyen	noun	fra
Navaratnam	properNoun	oci	Navaratnam	properNoun	fra
Fisichella	properNoun	oci	Fisichella	properNoun	fra
clavèl	noun	oci	clou	noun	fra
somnifèr	noun	oci	somnifère	noun	fra
Nguon	properNoun	oci	Nguon	properNoun	fra
Liane	properNoun	oci	Liane	properNoun	fra
ath madeish viatge	adverb	oci	à la fois	adverb	fra
Flaquer	properNoun	oci	Flaquer	properNoun	fra
Nadler	properNoun	oci	Nadler	properNoun	fra
Homer	properNoun	oci	Homer	properNoun	fra
Bartrolí	properNoun	oci	Bartrolí	properNoun	fra
session	noun	oci	session	noun	fra
session	noun	oci	séance	noun	fra
Martella	properNoun	oci	Martella	properNoun	fra
Gallien	properNoun	oci	Gallien	properNoun	fra
Hinarejos	properNoun	oci	Hinarejos	properNoun	fra
menaire	noun	oci	conducteur	noun	fra
menaire	noun	oci	leader	noun	fra
genèsta	noun	oci	genêt	noun	fra
Aviño	properNoun	oci	Aviño	properNoun	fra
ralli	noun	oci	rallye	noun	fra
prene	verb	oci	prendre	verb	fra
analogicament	adverb	oci	analogiquement	adverb	fra
tribunal	noun	oci	tribunal	noun	fra
dissociar	verb	oci	dissocier	verb	fra
irresponsable	adjective	oci	irresponsable	adjective	fra
fredor	noun	oci	froideur	noun	fra
filosofar	verb	oci	philosopher	verb	fra
Wi U	properNoun	oci	Wii U	properNoun	fra
incitatiu	adjective	oci	incitatif	adjective	fra
listra	noun	oci	liste	noun	fra
Cifuentes	properNoun	oci	Cifuentes	properNoun	fra
Duplantie	properNoun	oci	Duplantie	properNoun	fra
Anto	properNoun	oci	Anto	properNoun	fra
Ottawa	properNoun	oci	Ottawa	properNoun	fra
filosòf	noun	oci	philosophe	noun	fra
cambiament	noun	oci	changement	noun	fra
cambiament	noun	oci	revirement	noun	fra
Diab	properNoun	oci	Diab	properNoun	fra
Vincent	properNoun	oci	Vincent	properNoun	fra
necessitat	noun	oci	nécessité	noun	fra
interromput	adjective	oci	interrompu	adjective	fra
Danièle	properNoun	oci	Danièle	properNoun	fra
Aerosmith	properNoun	oci	Aerosmith	properNoun	fra
exibir	verb	oci	exhiber	verb	fra
Catilina	properNoun	oci	Catilina	properNoun	fra
amenaçar	verb	oci	menacer	verb	fra
troita	noun	oci	truite	noun	fra
troita	noun	oci	omelette	noun	fra
reversible	adjective	oci	réversible	adjective	fra
Homs	properNoun	oci	Homs	properNoun	fra
Villacis	properNoun	oci	Villacis	properNoun	fra
vinaigre	noun	oci	vinaigre	noun	fra
caçolet	noun	oci	cassoulet	noun	fra
Vidal	properNoun	oci	Vidal	properNoun	fra
Lapensée	properNoun	oci	Lapensée	properNoun	fra
iconografia	noun	oci	iconographie	noun	fra
Antoine	properNoun	oci	Antoine	properNoun	fra
setembre	noun	oci	septembre	noun	fra
Agostino	properNoun	oci	Agostino	properNoun	fra
poèma	noun	oci	poème	noun	fra
potent	adjective	oci	puissant	adjective	fra
Legrand	properNoun	oci	Legrand	properNoun	fra
passablament	adverb	oci	passablement	adverb	fra
Magdalena	properNoun	oci	Magdalena	properNoun	fra
Magdalena	properNoun	oci	Madeleine	properNoun	fra
trigar	verb	oci	tarder	verb	fra
impròpri	adjective	oci	impropre	adjective	fra
drolleta	noun	oci	fillette	noun	fra
Freche	properNoun	oci	Freche	properNoun	fra
Le Soir	properNoun	oci	Le Soir	properNoun	fra
Julià	properNoun	oci	Julià	properNoun	fra
Cuerrier	properNoun	oci	Cuerrier	properNoun	fra
Egan	properNoun	oci	Egan	properNoun	fra
Nigèria	properNoun	oci	Nigéria	properNoun	fra
Porsche	properNoun	oci	Porsche	properNoun	fra
prevencion	noun	oci	prévention	noun	fra
Millan	properNoun	oci	Millan	properNoun	fra
Nichols	properNoun	oci	Nichols	properNoun	fra
Melich	properNoun	oci	Melich	properNoun	fra
obstacle	noun	oci	obstacle	noun	fra
dreta	noun	oci	droite	noun	fra
uigur	adjective	oci	ouïghour	adjective	fra
Sendrós	properNoun	oci	Sendrós	properNoun	fra
pendent	preposition	oci	lors de	preposition	fra
pendent	preposition	oci	durant	preposition	fra
pendent	preposition	oci	pendant	preposition	fra
Molero	properNoun	oci	Molero	properNoun	fra
normalizacion	noun	oci	normalisation	noun	fra
malentendent	adjective	oci	malentendant	adjective	fra
cartaginés	adjective	oci	carthaginois	adjective	fra
Sok	properNoun	oci	Sok	properNoun	fra
coissin	noun	oci	coussin	noun	fra
lavabo	noun	oci	lavabo	noun	fra
redistribuir	verb	oci	redistribuer	verb	fra
brueissariá	noun	oci	sorcellerie	noun	fra
peninsula Iberica	properNoun	oci	péninsule Ibérique	properNoun	fra
principi	noun	oci	principe	noun	fra
veirat	noun	oci	verre	noun	fra
Lloréns	properNoun	oci	Lloréns	properNoun	fra
acorchi	noun	oci	raccourci	noun	fra
Rainville	properNoun	oci	Rainville	properNoun	fra
traumatizar	verb	oci	traumatiser	verb	fra
saturacion	noun	oci	saturation	noun	fra
Sergio	properNoun	oci	Sergio	properNoun	fra
encantar	verb	oci	charmer	verb	fra
encantar	verb	oci	enchanter	verb	fra
encantar	verb	oci	ravir	verb	fra
Benaud	properNoun	oci	Benaud	properNoun	fra
escrit	noun	oci	écrit	noun	fra
Velai	properNoun	oci	Velay	properNoun	fra
Bujalance	properNoun	oci	Bujalance	properNoun	fra
portaire	noun	oci	porteur	noun	fra
pompós	adjective	oci	pompeux	adjective	fra
Elgar	properNoun	oci	Elgar	properNoun	fra
Cano	properNoun	oci	Cano	properNoun	fra
Mariano Rajoy	properNoun	oci	Mariano Rajoy	properNoun	fra
estantòl	noun	oci	étai	noun	fra
Uriarte	properNoun	oci	Uriarte	properNoun	fra
expatriar	verb	oci	expatrier	verb	fra
nòvayorkés	noun	oci	New-yorkais	noun	fra
defaut	noun	oci	manque	noun	fra
cinefil	adjective	oci	cinéphile	adjective	fra
Palencia	properNoun	oci	Palencia	properNoun	fra
dreit	noun	oci	droit	noun	fra
Casacuberta	properNoun	oci	Casacuberta	properNoun	fra
PSÒE	noun	oci	PSOE	noun	fra
eule	noun	oci	hièble	noun	fra
arièr	noun	oci	sorbier	noun	fra
Raimondo	properNoun	oci	Raimondo	properNoun	fra
citoplasma	noun	oci	cytoplasme	noun	fra
Tapia	properNoun	oci	Tapia	properNoun	fra
Desourdy	properNoun	oci	Desourdy	properNoun	fra
Bizanci	properNoun	oci	Byzance	properNoun	fra
chòc	noun	oci	choc	noun	fra
desinformar	verb	oci	désinformer	verb	fra
Dingman	properNoun	oci	Dingman	properNoun	fra
cobesejar	verb	oci	convoiter	verb	fra
Buenafuente	properNoun	oci	Buenafuente	properNoun	fra
pariu	adjective	oci	pareil	adjective	fra
complet	noun	oci	complet	noun	fra
velha	noun	oci	veille	noun	fra
Guinois	properNoun	oci	Guinois	properNoun	fra
eroïc	adjective	oci	héroïque	adjective	fra
Décoste	properNoun	oci	Décoste	properNoun	fra
cambi	noun	oci	change	noun	fra
cambi	noun	oci	changement	noun	fra
cambi	noun	oci	échange	noun	fra
acrimoniá	noun	oci	acrimonie	noun	fra
espasma	noun	oci	spasme	noun	fra
von Hildebrandt	properNoun	oci	von Hildebrandt	properNoun	fra
municion	noun	oci	munition	noun	fra
seren	adjective	oci	serein	adjective	fra
ectara	noun	oci	hectare	noun	fra
Tarí	properNoun	oci	Tarí	properNoun	fra
valon	adjective	oci	wallon	adjective	fra
adocir	verb	oci	adoucir	verb	fra
Ibrahim	properNoun	oci	Ibrahim	properNoun	fra
Talero	properNoun	oci	Talero	properNoun	fra
reformacion	noun	oci	reformation	noun	fra
Nadon	properNoun	oci	Nadon	properNoun	fra
Haddock	properNoun	oci	Haddock	properNoun	fra
mobile	adjective	oci	mobile	adjective	fra
apertier	verb	oci	appartenir	verb	fra
ton	noun	oci	thon	noun	fra
ton	noun	oci	tonalité	noun	fra
ton	noun	oci	ton	noun	fra
Dang	properNoun	oci	Dang	properNoun	fra
complexion	noun	oci	complexion	noun	fra
Aulet	properNoun	oci	Aulet	properNoun	fra
Roan	properNoun	oci	Rouen	properNoun	fra
ritual	noun	oci	rituel	noun	fra
Vásquez	properNoun	oci	Vásquez	properNoun	fra
Recoder i Miralles	properNoun	oci	Recoder i Miralles	properNoun	fra
accelerador	noun	oci	accélérateur	noun	fra
ignorantisme	noun	oci	ignorantisme	noun	fra
entresenhar	verb	oci	renseigner	verb	fra
Yamina	properNoun	oci	Yamina	properNoun	fra
clavadura	noun	oci	clôture	noun	fra
Calahorro	properNoun	oci	Calahorro	properNoun	fra
proteccionista	noun	oci	protectionniste	noun	fra
Kenty	properNoun	oci	Kenty	properNoun	fra
scissiparitat	noun	oci	scissiparité	noun	fra
estienguda	noun	oci	étendue	noun	fra
Amsterdam	properNoun	oci	Amsterdam	properNoun	fra
Salim	properNoun	oci	Salim	properNoun	fra
Viera	properNoun	oci	Viera	properNoun	fra
Grass	properNoun	oci	Grass	properNoun	fra
luita	noun	oci	lutte	noun	fra
kenyan	adjective	oci	kenyan	adjective	fra
Molas	properNoun	oci	Molas	properNoun	fra
Anchieta	properNoun	oci	Anchieta	properNoun	fra
medalhat	adjective	oci	médaillé	adjective	fra
a punta d'alba	adverb	oci	à l'aube	adverb	fra
destinatari	noun	oci	destinataire	noun	fra
Cranach	properNoun	oci	Cranach	properNoun	fra
farsejaire	adjective	oci	farceur	adjective	fra
Dick	properNoun	oci	Dick	properNoun	fra
endreçar	verb	oci	ranger	verb	fra
decret	noun	oci	arrêté	noun	fra
decret	noun	oci	décret	noun	fra
Weston	properNoun	oci	Weston	properNoun	fra
Fortés	properNoun	oci	Fortés	properNoun	fra
cossí	interrogativePronoun	oci	comment	interrogativePronoun	fra
cossí	interrogativePronoun	oci	comment	adverb	fra
cossí	adverb	oci	comment	interrogativePronoun	fra
cossí	adverb	oci	comment	adverb	fra
Otegi	properNoun	oci	Otegi	properNoun	fra
Peruga	properNoun	oci	Peruga	properNoun	fra
lecariá	noun	oci	friandise	noun	fra
lecariá	noun	oci	gourmandise	noun	fra
Mila	properNoun	oci	Mila	properNoun	fra
autocentrat	adjective	oci	autocentré	adjective	fra
paradisenc	adjective	oci	paradisiaque	adjective	fra
sapaire	noun	oci	sapeur	noun	fra
rectorat	noun	oci	rectorat	noun	fra
Duchanois	properNoun	oci	Duchanois	properNoun	fra
maridatge	noun	oci	mariage	noun	fra
Aiello	properNoun	oci	Aiello	properNoun	fra
cosselh	noun	oci	conseil	noun	fra
acusatòri	adjective	oci	accusatoire	adjective	fra
intronizar	verb	oci	introniser	verb	fra
Cuillerier	properNoun	oci	Cuillerier	properNoun	fra
coma	adverb	oci	comme	adverb	fra
coma	adverb	oci	comme	relativePronoun	fra
agropar	verb	oci	grouper	verb	fra
Amargant	properNoun	oci	Amargant	properNoun	fra
telegraf	noun	oci	télégraphe	noun	fra
quadratura	noun	oci	quadrature	noun	fra
metallofòn	noun	oci	métallophone	noun	fra
loda	noun	oci	limon	noun	fra
duplicar	verb	oci	doubler	verb	fra
duplicar	verb	oci	dupliquer	verb	fra
safran	noun	oci	safran	noun	fra
mesquinariá	noun	oci	mesquinerie	noun	fra
MP3	properNoun	oci	MP3	properNoun	fra
Lajoie	properNoun	oci	Lajoie	properNoun	fra
naturalitat	noun	oci	naturalité	noun	fra
Alegria	properNoun	oci	Alegria	properNoun	fra
Palladini	properNoun	oci	Palladini	properNoun	fra
autoritarisme	noun	oci	autoritarisme	noun	fra
etnològue	noun	oci	ethnologue	noun	fra
Freijo	properNoun	oci	Freijo	properNoun	fra
Munic	properNoun	oci	Munich	properNoun	fra
Fullum	properNoun	oci	Fullum	properNoun	fra
Luter	properNoun	oci	Luter	properNoun	fra
Mutsch	properNoun	oci	Mutsch	properNoun	fra
descreditar	verb	oci	discréditer	verb	fra
modèl	noun	oci	mannequin	noun	fra
modèl	noun	oci	modèle	noun	fra
digestiu	adjective	oci	digestif	adjective	fra
sostraire	verb	oci	soustraire	verb	fra
Dwyer	properNoun	oci	Dwyer	properNoun	fra
Lainez	properNoun	oci	Lainez	properNoun	fra
Cherif	properNoun	oci	Cherif	properNoun	fra
alachar	verb	oci	allaiter	verb	fra
proïbicion	noun	oci	prohibition	noun	fra
proïbicion	noun	oci	interdiction	noun	fra
aerolit	noun	oci	aérolithe	noun	fra
au ponch que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	au point que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Lara	properNoun	oci	Lara	properNoun	fra
Hobbes	properNoun	oci	Hobbes	properNoun	fra
tòrt	noun	oci	tort	noun	fra
Fritz	properNoun	oci	Fritz	properNoun	fra
Fernando	properNoun	oci	Fernando	properNoun	fra
generalisacion	noun	oci	généralisation	noun	fra
Trueba	properNoun	oci	Trueba	properNoun	fra
reagropament	noun	oci	regroupement	noun	fra
estrangèr	adjective	oci	étranger	adjective	fra
Ortí	properNoun	oci	Ortí	properNoun	fra
entropia	noun	oci	entropie	noun	fra
Bach	properNoun	oci	Bach	properNoun	fra
televisar	verb	oci	téléviser	verb	fra
Noya	properNoun	oci	Noya	properNoun	fra
Denoncourt	properNoun	oci	Denoncourt	properNoun	fra
Arcuri	properNoun	oci	Arcuri	properNoun	fra
Molony	properNoun	oci	Molony	properNoun	fra
optar	verb	oci	opter	verb	fra
lampista	noun	oci	électricien	noun	fra
chinés	noun	oci	chinois	noun	fra
Tuttolomondo	properNoun	oci	Tuttolomondo	properNoun	fra
semèstre	noun	oci	semestre	noun	fra
portièr	noun	oci	gardien de but	noun	fra
Marcotte	properNoun	oci	Marcotte	properNoun	fra
prostèsi	noun	oci	prosthèse	noun	fra
mai naut	adverb	oci	plus haut	adverb	fra
Darsigny	properNoun	oci	Darsigny	properNoun	fra
Vilá	properNoun	oci	Vilá	properNoun	fra
tot parièr	adverb	oci	de même	adverb	fra
Last	properNoun	oci	Last	properNoun	fra
sòci	noun	oci	partenaire	noun	fra
Piqueres	properNoun	oci	Piqueres	properNoun	fra
dodecafonisme	noun	oci	dodécaphonisme	noun	fra
obstruir	verb	oci	obstruer	verb	fra
cascada	noun	oci	cascade	noun	fra
Treviño	properNoun	oci	Treviño	properNoun	fra
Valle	properNoun	oci	Valle	properNoun	fra
Andion	properNoun	oci	Andion	properNoun	fra
Caron	properNoun	oci	Caron	properNoun	fra
Centrafrica	properNoun	oci	Centrafrique	properNoun	fra
Lagardère	properNoun	oci	Lagardère	properNoun	fra
Chicoine	properNoun	oci	Chicoine	properNoun	fra
McInnis	properNoun	oci	McInnis	properNoun	fra
equestre	adjective	oci	équestre	adjective	fra
Hospital	properNoun	oci	Hospital	properNoun	fra
Rodolfo	properNoun	oci	Rodolfo	properNoun	fra
esparnha	noun	oci	épargne	noun	fra
Eugène	properNoun	oci	Eugène	properNoun	fra
Moneo	properNoun	oci	Moneo	properNoun	fra
Hervieux	properNoun	oci	Hervieux	properNoun	fra
dia	noun	oci	jour	noun	fra
polimerizar	verb	oci	polymériser	verb	fra
lacar	verb	oci	laquer	verb	fra
von der Goltz	properNoun	oci	von der Goltz	properNoun	fra
accès	noun	oci	accès	noun	fra
caòs	noun	oci	chaos	noun	fra
ongla	noun	oci	ongle	noun	fra
discotèca	noun	oci	discothèque	noun	fra
francisme	noun	oci	gallicisme	noun	fra
francisme	noun	oci	francisme	noun	fra
inestimable	adjective	oci	inestimable	adjective	fra
incendiar	verb	oci	incendier	verb	fra
tuqueta	noun	oci	colline	noun	fra
principat	noun	oci	principauté	noun	fra
ardent	adjective	oci	ardent	adjective	fra
Forges	properNoun	oci	Forges	properNoun	fra
crus	adjective	oci	cru	adjective	fra
orgasma	noun	oci	orgasme	noun	fra
fotre	verb	oci	foutre	verb	fra
Gurpegi	properNoun	oci	Gurpegi	properNoun	fra
defeccion	noun	oci	défection	noun	fra
barbarisme	noun	oci	barbarisme	noun	fra
Beraza	properNoun	oci	Beraza	properNoun	fra
basic	adjective	oci	basique	adjective	fra
Delgado	properNoun	oci	Delgado	properNoun	fra
Pandora	properNoun	oci	Pandora	properNoun	fra
Gellar	properNoun	oci	Gellar	properNoun	fra
ciutat	noun	oci	cité	noun	fra
ciutat	noun	oci	ville	noun	fra
Carvallo	properNoun	oci	Carvallo	properNoun	fra
miralh	noun	oci	miroir	noun	fra
capillar	adjective	oci	capillaire	adjective	fra
Lancaster	properNoun	oci	Lancaster	properNoun	fra
acogament	noun	oci	enterrement	noun	fra
pedagogia	noun	oci	pédagogie	noun	fra
Rinfret	properNoun	oci	Rinfret	properNoun	fra
nutriment	noun	oci	nutriment	noun	fra
evacuacion	noun	oci	évacuation	noun	fra
Marat	properNoun	oci	Marat	properNoun	fra
Quesada	properNoun	oci	Quesada	properNoun	fra
Augusta	properNoun	oci	Augusta	properNoun	fra
nombrosament	adverb	oci	nombreusement	adverb	fra
trenta dos	numeral	oci	trente-deux	numeral	fra
astronòm	noun	oci	astronome	noun	fra
ionic	adjective	oci	ionique	adjective	fra
Beaudet	properNoun	oci	Beaudet	properNoun	fra
Endesa	properNoun	oci	Endesa	properNoun	fra
confluir	verb	oci	confluer	verb	fra
miocardi	noun	oci	myocarde	noun	fra
Casagran	properNoun	oci	Casagran	properNoun	fra
cauchó	noun	oci	caoutchouc	noun	fra
recidivista	noun	oci	récidiviste	noun	fra
Edmond	properNoun	oci	Edmond	properNoun	fra
censura	noun	oci	censure	noun	fra
infeccion	noun	oci	infection	noun	fra
Mayenne	properNoun	oci	Mayenne	properNoun	fra
sèla	noun	oci	selle	noun	fra
tapissariá	noun	oci	tapisserie	noun	fra
Dumesnil	properNoun	oci	Dumesnil	properNoun	fra
Beiderbecke	properNoun	oci	Beiderbecke	properNoun	fra
utilizacion	noun	oci	utilisation	noun	fra
de ieu	adjective	oci	à moi	adjective	fra
de ieu	adjective	oci	à moi	possessivePronoun	fra
de ieu	possessivePronoun	oci	à moi	adjective	fra
de ieu	possessivePronoun	oci	à moi	possessivePronoun	fra
Lemon	properNoun	oci	Lemon	properNoun	fra
proboscidian	noun	oci	proboscidien	noun	fra
botinada	noun	oci	bouderie	noun	fra
Oriti	properNoun	oci	Oriti	properNoun	fra
en rason de	preposition	oci	en raison de	preposition	fra
Albistur	properNoun	oci	Albistur	properNoun	fra
parlar	noun	oci	parler	noun	fra
Fang	properNoun	oci	Fang	properNoun	fra
Stacey	properNoun	oci	Stacey	properNoun	fra
insuportable	adjective	oci	insupportable	adjective	fra
avier	verb	oci	accorder	verb	fra
Higueras	properNoun	oci	Higueras	properNoun	fra
inviolabilitat	noun	oci	inviolabilité	noun	fra
Anglet	properNoun	oci	Anglet	properNoun	fra
bahraini	adjective	oci	bahreïnien	adjective	fra
Hood	properNoun	oci	Hood	properNoun	fra
admirator	noun	oci	admirateur	noun	fra
void	adjective	oci	vide	adjective	fra
Damours	properNoun	oci	Damours	properNoun	fra
chadian	noun	oci	Tchadien	noun	fra
escuèlh	noun	oci	récif	noun	fra
escuèlh	noun	oci	écueil	noun	fra
inadmissible	adjective	oci	inadmissible	adjective	fra
sociolingüistica	noun	oci	sociolinguistique	noun	fra
Terras	properNoun	oci	Terras	properNoun	fra
capitani	noun	oci	capitaine	noun	fra
desavantatge	noun	oci	désavantage	noun	fra
Lloyd	properNoun	oci	Lloyd	properNoun	fra
mar Mòrta	properNoun	oci	mer Morte	properNoun	fra
liech	noun	oci	lit	noun	fra
léser	noun	oci	loisir	noun	fra
40n	adjective	oci	40ème	adjective	fra
intangible	adjective	oci	intangible	adjective	fra
Desharnais	properNoun	oci	Desharnais	properNoun	fra
marrit	adjective	oci	mauvais	adjective	fra
marrit	adjective	oci	méchant	adjective	fra
Canals	properNoun	oci	Canals	properNoun	fra
Hénault	properNoun	oci	Hénault	properNoun	fra
farsa	noun	oci	farce	noun	fra
ordenança	noun	oci	ordonnance	noun	fra
Montreuil	properNoun	oci	Montreuil	properNoun	fra
concentrator	noun	oci	concentrateur	noun	fra
Spinoza	properNoun	oci	Spinoza	properNoun	fra
etiquetar	verb	oci	étiqueter	verb	fra
Benson	properNoun	oci	Benson	properNoun	fra
peninsular	adjective	oci	péninsulaire	adjective	fra
escrancament	noun	oci	effondrement	noun	fra
Llargues	properNoun	oci	Llargues	properNoun	fra
Kazan	properNoun	oci	Kazan	properNoun	fra
Aniston	properNoun	oci	Aniston	properNoun	fra
Bolívia	properNoun	oci	Bolivie	properNoun	fra
quitina	noun	oci	chitine	noun	fra
opression	noun	oci	oppression	noun	fra
epidermic	adjective	oci	épidermique	adjective	fra
Latre	properNoun	oci	Latre	properNoun	fra
liquefaccion	noun	oci	liquéfaction	noun	fra
emul	noun	oci	émule	noun	fra
Bautista	properNoun	oci	Bautista	properNoun	fra
Bardina	properNoun	oci	Bardina	properNoun	fra
bibliografia	noun	oci	bibliographie	noun	fra
Kissinger	properNoun	oci	Kissinger	properNoun	fra
Lanau	properNoun	oci	Lanau	properNoun	fra
Milligan	properNoun	oci	Milligan	properNoun	fra
pleròma	noun	oci	plérôme	noun	fra
Guadalajara	properNoun	oci	Guadalajara	properNoun	fra
Teixidor	properNoun	oci	Teixidor	properNoun	fra
nau cents	numeral	oci	neuf cent	numeral	fra
nau cents	numeral	oci	neuf-cent	numeral	fra
aflorament	noun	oci	affleurement	noun	fra
concernir	verb	oci	concerner	verb	fra
purga	noun	oci	purge	noun	fra
recipient	noun	oci	récipient	noun	fra
duò	noun	oci	duo	noun	fra
virament	noun	oci	virement	noun	fra
Abdo	properNoun	oci	Abdo	properNoun	fra
parentilha	noun	oci	parenté	noun	fra
arrondiment	noun	oci	arrondissement	noun	fra
Catul	properNoun	oci	Catul	properNoun	fra
Salgado	properNoun	oci	Salgado	properNoun	fra
Naves	properNoun	oci	Naves	properNoun	fra
Almiron	properNoun	oci	Almiron	properNoun	fra
Harton	properNoun	oci	Harton	properNoun	fra
vacuitat	noun	oci	vacuité	noun	fra
Sylvie	properNoun	oci	Sylvie	properNoun	fra
Monger	properNoun	oci	Monger	properNoun	fra
egalitari	adjective	oci	égalitaire	adjective	fra
subsidi	noun	oci	subside	noun	fra
Diwan	properNoun	oci	Diwan	properNoun	fra
Ongria	properNoun	oci	Hongrie	properNoun	fra
declamacion	noun	oci	déclamation	noun	fra
Corbeil	properNoun	oci	Corbeil	properNoun	fra
mitralhar	verb	oci	mitrailler	verb	fra
pecat	noun	oci	péché	noun	fra
Cañizares	properNoun	oci	Cañizares	properNoun	fra
Sucarrats	properNoun	oci	Sucarrats	properNoun	fra
per òrta	adverb	oci	à travers champs	adverb	fra
apropiar	verb	oci	approprier	verb	fra
cuèisha	noun	oci	cuisse	noun	fra
Muriel	properNoun	oci	Muriel	properNoun	fra
comparatiu	adjective	oci	comparatif	adjective	fra
Casau	properNoun	oci	Casau	properNoun	fra
Pasquali	properNoun	oci	Pasquali	properNoun	fra
Crites	properNoun	oci	Crites	properNoun	fra
Faraday	properNoun	oci	Faraday	properNoun	fra
remontar	verb	oci	remonter	verb	fra
piano	adverb	oci	piano	adverb	fra
pèrs	adjective	oci	pers	adjective	fra
Chaput	properNoun	oci	Chaput	properNoun	fra
rebarbatiu	adjective	oci	rébarbatif	adjective	fra
Loi	properNoun	oci	Loi	properNoun	fra
tà	preposition	oci	pour	preposition	fra
Sandoval	properNoun	oci	Sandoval	properNoun	fra
Luxemborg	properNoun	oci	Luxembourg	properNoun	fra
Fabrellas	properNoun	oci	Fabrellas	properNoun	fra
legitimar	verb	oci	légitimer	verb	fra
desirar	verb	oci	désirer	verb	fra
desirar	verb	oci	souhaiter	verb	fra
inadaptacion	noun	oci	inadaptation	noun	fra
Scalabrini	properNoun	oci	Scalabrini	properNoun	fra
Platini	properNoun	oci	Platini	properNoun	fra
Calatabiano	properNoun	oci	Calatabiano	properNoun	fra
mantier	verb	oci	maintenir	verb	fra
activisme	noun	oci	activisme	noun	fra
Santillán	properNoun	oci	Santillán	properNoun	fra
atletisme	noun	oci	athlétisme	noun	fra
Langford	properNoun	oci	Langford	properNoun	fra
Tors	properNoun	oci	Tours	properNoun	fra
pseudonim	noun	oci	pseudonyme	noun	fra
Aubé	properNoun	oci	Aubé	properNoun	fra
Aibar	properNoun	oci	Aibar	properNoun	fra
prosodia	noun	oci	prosodie	noun	fra
cairat	adjective	oci	carré	adjective	fra
afartar	verb	oci	gorger	verb	fra
senepiu	noun	oci	rougeole	noun	fra
Boyte	properNoun	oci	Boyte	properNoun	fra
Locatelli	properNoun	oci	Locatelli	properNoun	fra
ridicul	adjective	oci	ridicule	adjective	fra
reinvestiment	noun	oci	réinvestissement	noun	fra
broa	noun	oci	berge	noun	fra
broa	noun	oci	rive	noun	fra
Agirre	properNoun	oci	Agirre	properNoun	fra
Massana	properNoun	oci	Massana	properNoun	fra
Brochard	properNoun	oci	Brochard	properNoun	fra
Maljean	properNoun	oci	Maljean	properNoun	fra
ambivaléncia	noun	oci	ambivalence	noun	fra
Ollero	properNoun	oci	Ollero	properNoun	fra
Dargy	properNoun	oci	Dargy	properNoun	fra
Ling	properNoun	oci	Ling	properNoun	fra
redubertura	noun	oci	réouverture	noun	fra
Cavero	properNoun	oci	Cavero	properNoun	fra
facturacion	noun	oci	facturation	noun	fra
Arnán	properNoun	oci	Arnán	properNoun	fra
Alamán	properNoun	oci	Alamán	properNoun	fra
brilhant	adjective	oci	brillant	adjective	fra
islandés	noun	oci	islandais	noun	fra
vitament	adverb	oci	vite	adverb	fra
caractèr	noun	oci	nature	noun	fra
caractèr	noun	oci	caractère	noun	fra
Thuram	properNoun	oci	Thuram	properNoun	fra
injonccion	noun	oci	injonction	noun	fra
Porcuna	properNoun	oci	Porcuna	properNoun	fra
murador	noun	oci	maçon	noun	fra
perdurable	adjective	oci	perdurable	adjective	fra
Esquerdo	properNoun	oci	Esquerdo	properNoun	fra
panèl	noun	oci	panneau	noun	fra
Da Costa	properNoun	oci	Da Costa	properNoun	fra
comprobacion	noun	oci	vérification	noun	fra
instructor	noun	oci	instructeur	noun	fra
passion	noun	oci	passion	noun	fra
gorjada	noun	oci	gorgée	noun	fra
desintoxicacion	noun	oci	désintoxication	noun	fra
combatent	noun	oci	combattant	noun	fra
porcelet	noun	oci	porcelet	noun	fra
Tolley	properNoun	oci	Tolley	properNoun	fra
Firth	properNoun	oci	Firth	properNoun	fra
corrièr	noun	oci	courrier	noun	fra
corrièr	noun	oci	poste	noun	fra
peirós	adjective	oci	pierreux	adjective	fra
Lair	properNoun	oci	Lair	properNoun	fra
Vanotti	properNoun	oci	Vanotti	properNoun	fra
ambient	noun	oci	ambiance	noun	fra
ambient	noun	oci	environnement	noun	fra
oftalmologia	noun	oci	ophtalmologie	noun	fra
macar	verb	oci	meurtrir	verb	fra
alai	adverb	oci	là-bas	adverb	fra
intitular	verb	oci	intituler	verb	fra
Pfeiffer	properNoun	oci	Pfeiffer	properNoun	fra
Sjöstedt	properNoun	oci	Sjöstedt	properNoun	fra
danés	noun	oci	danois	noun	fra
a bèles còps	adverb	oci	parfois	adverb	fra
Juli	properNoun	oci	Jules	properNoun	fra
Juli	properNoun	oci	Juli	properNoun	fra
Costello	properNoun	oci	Costello	properNoun	fra
Justice	properNoun	oci	Justice	properNoun	fra
longtemps	adverb	oci	longtemps	adverb	fra
futurisme	noun	oci	futurisme	noun	fra
Damore	properNoun	oci	Damore	properNoun	fra
tòm	noun	oci	tome	noun	fra
manifèst	adjective	oci	manifeste	adjective	fra
LVMH	noun	oci	LVMH	noun	fra
vis	noun	oci	face	noun	fra
Licata	properNoun	oci	Licata	properNoun	fra
Lafresnaye	properNoun	oci	Lafresnaye	properNoun	fra
entrainament	noun	oci	entraînement	noun	fra
malastrós	adjective	oci	malheureux	adjective	fra
Lòria	properNoun	oci	Lòria	properNoun	fra
Anning	properNoun	oci	Anning	properNoun	fra
amusarèl	adjective	oci	amusant	adjective	fra
soniar	verb	oci	songer	verb	fra
soniar	verb	oci	rêver	verb	fra
Sussman	properNoun	oci	Sussman	properNoun	fra
dinamita	noun	oci	dynamite	noun	fra
cas	noun	oci	cas	noun	fra
extensible	adjective	oci	extensible	adjective	fra
celebrar	verb	oci	célébrer	verb	fra
celebrar	verb	oci	fêter	verb	fra
Alpine	properNoun	oci	Alpine	properNoun	fra
Jaume	properNoun	oci	Jaume	properNoun	fra
Valdez	properNoun	oci	Valdez	properNoun	fra
Vogels	properNoun	oci	Vogels	properNoun	fra
afamaire	noun	oci	affameur	noun	fra
Matieu	properNoun	oci	Matieu	properNoun	fra
Matieu	properNoun	oci	Mathieu	properNoun	fra
Gaset	properNoun	oci	Gaset	properNoun	fra
bin Laden	properNoun	oci	bin Laden	properNoun	fra
sòrt	noun	oci	chance	noun	fra
sòrt	noun	oci	sort	noun	fra
taiwanés	adjective	oci	taïwanais	adjective	fra
Brossoit	properNoun	oci	Brossoit	properNoun	fra
benda	noun	oci	bande	noun	fra
psicopata	adjective	oci	psychopathe	adjective	fra
Sambeat	properNoun	oci	Sambeat	properNoun	fra
fiera	noun	oci	foire	noun	fra
similitud	noun	oci	similarité	noun	fra
similitud	noun	oci	similitude	noun	fra
cremacion	noun	oci	crémation	noun	fra
Unsdorfer	properNoun	oci	Unsdorfer	properNoun	fra
probable	adjective	oci	probable	adjective	fra
Ringuette	properNoun	oci	Ringuette	properNoun	fra
Donatello	properNoun	oci	Donatello	properNoun	fra
Darius	properNoun	oci	Darius	properNoun	fra
iraquian	noun	oci	Irakien	noun	fra
iraquian	noun	oci	Iraquien	noun	fra
centena	noun	oci	centaine	noun	fra
Bowers	properNoun	oci	Bowers	properNoun	fra
de badas	adverb	oci	en vain	adverb	fra
abrigar	verb	oci	abriter	verb	fra
Bianca	properNoun	oci	Bianca	properNoun	fra
Pretòria	properNoun	oci	Pretoria	properNoun	fra
teletèxt	noun	oci	télétexte	noun	fra
romancièr	noun	oci	romancier	noun	fra
Rocher	properNoun	oci	Rocher	properNoun	fra
preservatiu	adjective	oci	préservatif	adjective	fra
acumular	verb	oci	accumuler	verb	fra
acumular	verb	oci	amasser	verb	fra
Saiz	properNoun	oci	Saiz	properNoun	fra
Collard	properNoun	oci	Collard	properNoun	fra
senhalar	verb	oci	flécher	verb	fra
senhalar	verb	oci	signaler	verb	fra
Gumá	properNoun	oci	Gumá	properNoun	fra
a la broa	adverb	oci	au bord	adverb	fra
Cheslock	properNoun	oci	Cheslock	properNoun	fra
Mainville	properNoun	oci	Mainville	properNoun	fra
Sillero	properNoun	oci	Sillero	properNoun	fra
Mandanici	properNoun	oci	Mandanici	properNoun	fra
Huerga	properNoun	oci	Huerga	properNoun	fra
Szymański	properNoun	oci	Szymański	properNoun	fra
estonian	noun	oci	estonien	noun	fra
ricament	adverb	oci	richement	adverb	fra
sèrra	noun	oci	chaîne	noun	fra
sèrra	noun	oci	montagne	noun	fra
sèrra	noun	oci	sierra	noun	fra
sèrra	noun	oci	scie	noun	fra
CNN	noun	oci	CNN	noun	fra
Moscovici	properNoun	oci	Moscovici	properNoun	fra
civic	adjective	oci	civique	adjective	fra
caufar	verb	oci	chauffer	verb	fra
Azorín	properNoun	oci	Azorín	properNoun	fra
Fornés	properNoun	oci	Fornés	properNoun	fra
Furtado	properNoun	oci	Furtado	properNoun	fra
Espino	properNoun	oci	Espino	properNoun	fra
sintetizar	verb	oci	synthétiser	verb	fra
plan	adverb	oci	bien	adverb	fra
plan	adverb	oci	très	adverb	fra
plan	adverb	oci	beaucoup	adverb	fra
Duquette	properNoun	oci	Duquette	properNoun	fra
Labbé	properNoun	oci	Labbé	properNoun	fra
en aval	adverb	oci	en aval	adverb	fra
omanés	adjective	oci	omanais	adjective	fra
aiceste	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aiceste	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aiceste	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
aiceste	determiner	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aiceste	determiner	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aiceste	determiner	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
aiceste	pronoun	oci	celui-ci	pronoun	fra
aiceste	pronoun	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aiceste	pronoun	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aiceste	pronoun	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
aiceste	demonstrativePronoun	oci	celui-ci	pronoun	fra
aiceste	determiner	oci	celui-ci	pronoun	fra
scientific	noun	oci	scientifique	noun	fra
Kuznetzov	properNoun	oci	Kouznetsov	properNoun	fra
susprés	adjective	oci	surpris	adjective	fra
Neila	properNoun	oci	Neila	properNoun	fra
Ángel	properNoun	oci	Ángel	properNoun	fra
estrambordar	verb	oci	enthousiasmer	verb	fra
Orient Mejan	properNoun	oci	Moyen-Orient	properNoun	fra
exotisme	noun	oci	exotisme	noun	fra
Florián	properNoun	oci	Florián	properNoun	fra
Aups Maritims	properNoun	oci	Alpes-Maritimes	properNoun	fra
internet	noun	oci	internet	noun	fra
rossinhòl	noun	oci	rossignol	noun	fra
idiòma	noun	oci	idiome	noun	fra
immobile	adjective	oci	immobile	adjective	fra
nivolós	adjective	oci	nuageux	adjective	fra
Gelly	properNoun	oci	Gelly	properNoun	fra
Pollender	properNoun	oci	Pollender	properNoun	fra
higa	noun	oci	figue	noun	fra
genetic	adjective	oci	génétique	adjective	fra
aglutinatiu	adjective	oci	agglutinatif	adjective	fra
Paulo	properNoun	oci	Paulo	properNoun	fra
Ferreres	properNoun	oci	Ferreres	properNoun	fra
ioca	noun	oci	yucca	noun	fra
Schneider	properNoun	oci	Schneider	properNoun	fra
espectacular	adjective	oci	spectaculaire	adjective	fra
béuer	verb	oci	boire	verb	fra
desleialament	adverb	oci	déloyalement	adverb	fra
ombra	noun	oci	ombre	noun	fra
azimut	noun	oci	azimut	noun	fra
Lotina	properNoun	oci	Lotina	properNoun	fra
Rooney	properNoun	oci	Rooney	properNoun	fra
diboishar	verb	oci	dessiner	verb	fra
pòsta	noun	oci	poste	noun	fra
bigamia	noun	oci	bigamie	noun	fra
garaicí	adverb	oci	voici	adverb	fra
Bidart	properNoun	oci	Bidart	properNoun	fra
a lo qual	relativePronoun	oci	auquel	relativePronoun	fra
concubin	noun	oci	concubin	noun	fra
dissabte	noun	oci	samedi	noun	fra
Laing	properNoun	oci	Laing	properNoun	fra
Palmero	properNoun	oci	Palmero	properNoun	fra
GTI	noun	oci	GTI	noun	fra
Marivent	properNoun	oci	Marivent	properNoun	fra
continuacion	noun	oci	continuation	noun	fra
continuacion	noun	oci	suite	noun	fra
Tziolkovskii	properNoun	oci	Tsiolkovski	properNoun	fra
Mamane	properNoun	oci	Mamane	properNoun	fra
abelha	noun	oci	abeille	noun	fra
dempuèi	adverb	oci	depuis	adverb	fra
çai-jos	adverb	oci	ci-dessous	adverb	fra
vena	noun	oci	veine	noun	fra
vint-e-sèt	numeral	oci	vingt-sept	numeral	fra
ossèt	adjective	oci	ossète	adjective	fra
ortodoxia	noun	oci	orthodoxie	noun	fra
Fiorilli	properNoun	oci	Fiorilli	properNoun	fra
Celdran	properNoun	oci	Celdran	properNoun	fra
clonar	verb	oci	cloner	verb	fra
adolescent	noun	oci	adolescent	noun	fra
Ashland	properNoun	oci	Ashland	properNoun	fra
Comabella	properNoun	oci	Comabella	properNoun	fra
Byrns	properNoun	oci	Byrns	properNoun	fra
Taha	properNoun	oci	Taha	properNoun	fra
Fallu	properNoun	oci	Fallu	properNoun	fra
isolacion	noun	oci	isolation	noun	fra
per'mor de	preposition	oci	afin de	preposition	fra
Pera	properNoun	oci	Pera	properNoun	fra
Victoria	properNoun	oci	Victoria	properNoun	fra
invalidar	verb	oci	invalider	verb	fra
deterioracion	noun	oci	détérioration	noun	fra
Sadaoui	properNoun	oci	Sadaoui	properNoun	fra
Guindon	properNoun	oci	Guindon	properNoun	fra
Loiseau	properNoun	oci	Loiseau	properNoun	fra
rèpte	noun	oci	défi	noun	fra
Serarols	properNoun	oci	Serarols	properNoun	fra
Jeannotte	properNoun	oci	Jeannotte	properNoun	fra
substància	noun	oci	substance	noun	fra
libian	adjective	oci	libyen	adjective	fra
Masegosa	properNoun	oci	Masegosa	properNoun	fra
aversion	noun	oci	animosité	noun	fra
aversion	noun	oci	aversion	noun	fra
Langley	properNoun	oci	Langley	properNoun	fra
assassinar	verb	oci	assassiner	verb	fra
Llanes	properNoun	oci	Llanes	properNoun	fra
26n	adjective	oci	26ème	adjective	fra
a títol de	preposition	oci	à titre de	preposition	fra
McCarthy	properNoun	oci	McCarthy	properNoun	fra
democrata	noun	oci	démocrate	noun	fra
luxemborgés	adjective	oci	luxembourgeois	adjective	fra
Carmelina	properNoun	oci	Carmelina	properNoun	fra
Jubany	properNoun	oci	Jubany	properNoun	fra
piuson	noun	oci	puceron	noun	fra
Delanoë	properNoun	oci	Delanoë	properNoun	fra
Berric	properNoun	oci	Berry	properNoun	fra
Pohl	properNoun	oci	Pohl	properNoun	fra
inca	noun	oci	Inca	noun	fra
aparéisher	verb	oci	apparaître	verb	fra
Flowers	properNoun	oci	Flowers	properNoun	fra
autosomic	adjective	oci	autosomique	adjective	fra
jurada	noun	oci	jury	noun	fra
Selassie	properNoun	oci	Selassie	properNoun	fra
Viola	properNoun	oci	Viola	properNoun	fra
laguna	noun	oci	lagune	noun	fra
Destounis	properNoun	oci	Destounis	properNoun	fra
America del Nòrd	properNoun	oci	Amérique du Nord	properNoun	fra
reconstituir	verb	oci	reconstituer	verb	fra
progressiu	adjective	oci	progressif	adjective	fra
còr	noun	oci	cœur	noun	fra
còr	noun	oci	chœur	noun	fra
conviccion	noun	oci	conviction	noun	fra
picard	noun	oci	picard	noun	fra
Cayetana	properNoun	oci	Cayetana	properNoun	fra
façon	noun	oci	manière	noun	fra
façon	noun	oci	façon	noun	fra
desaparéisher	verb	oci	disparaître	verb	fra
rearmar	verb	oci	réarmer	verb	fra
Ameztoi	properNoun	oci	Ameztoi	properNoun	fra
empliment	noun	oci	remplissage	noun	fra
Tocino	properNoun	oci	Tocino	properNoun	fra
encalhar	verb	oci	échouer	verb	fra
Chicago	properNoun	oci	Chicago	properNoun	fra
per provar	preposition	oci	à l'appui de	preposition	fra
jolh	noun	oci	genou	noun	fra
Trabanco	properNoun	oci	Trabanco	properNoun	fra
despòta	noun	oci	despote	noun	fra
carismatic	adjective	oci	charismatique	adjective	fra
Gonneville	properNoun	oci	Gonneville	properNoun	fra
Thivierge	properNoun	oci	Thivierge	properNoun	fra
jurament	noun	oci	serment	noun	fra
formular	verb	oci	formuler	verb	fra
Ouzilleau	properNoun	oci	Ouzilleau	properNoun	fra
estrech	adjective	oci	étroit	adjective	fra
accidentat	adjective	oci	accidenté	adjective	fra
Aubut	properNoun	oci	Aubut	properNoun	fra
immunoglobulina	noun	oci	immunoglobuline	noun	fra
suicidari	adjective	oci	suicidaire	adjective	fra
encarceracion	noun	oci	emprisonnement	noun	fra
acidificar	verb	oci	acidifier	verb	fra
injectar	verb	oci	injecter	verb	fra
abitabilitat	noun	oci	habitabilité	noun	fra
nòu	adjective	oci	neuf	adjective	fra
nòu	adjective	oci	nouveau	adjective	fra
umoristic	adjective	oci	humoristique	adjective	fra
gaupa	noun	oci	gaupe	noun	fra
imitador	noun	oci	imitateur	noun	fra
arremassar	verb	oci	recueillir	verb	fra
arremassar	verb	oci	ramasser	verb	fra
Parfait	properNoun	oci	Parfait	properNoun	fra
eternalament	adverb	oci	éternellement	adverb	fra
Collantes	properNoun	oci	Collantes	properNoun	fra
Bordonau	properNoun	oci	Bordonau	properNoun	fra
sefarad	adjective	oci	séfarade	adjective	fra
sefarad	adjective	oci	sépharade	adjective	fra
València	properNoun	oci	Valencia	properNoun	fra
València	properNoun	oci	Valence	properNoun	fra
València	properNoun	oci	València	properNoun	fra
Kuiper	properNoun	oci	Kuiper	properNoun	fra
imperfach	noun	oci	imparfait	noun	fra
sedimentacion	noun	oci	sédimentation	noun	fra
insistir	verb	oci	insister	verb	fra
Arturo	properNoun	oci	Arturo	properNoun	fra
cuca	noun	oci	lente	noun	fra
margarideta	noun	oci	marguerite	noun	fra
margarideta	noun	oci	pâquerette	noun	fra
von Werner	properNoun	oci	von Werner	properNoun	fra
arsenic	noun	oci	arsenic	noun	fra
monarca	noun	oci	monarque	noun	fra
Irazusta	properNoun	oci	Irazusta	properNoun	fra
favorablament	adverb	oci	favorablement	adverb	fra
Leblanc	properNoun	oci	Leblanc	properNoun	fra
Hermida	properNoun	oci	Hermida	properNoun	fra
armeg	noun	oci	agrès	noun	fra
Nyquist	properNoun	oci	Nyquist	properNoun	fra
momia	noun	oci	momie	noun	fra
quotidianament	adverb	oci	quotidiennement	adverb	fra
massís	adjective	oci	massif	adjective	fra
Subramaniam	properNoun	oci	Subramaniam	properNoun	fra
Morcillo	properNoun	oci	Morcillo	properNoun	fra
navigar	verb	oci	naviguer	verb	fra
Carolis	properNoun	oci	Carolis	properNoun	fra
Yvette	properNoun	oci	Yvette	properNoun	fra
soporific	adjective	oci	soporifique	adjective	fra
Shannon	properNoun	oci	Shannon	properNoun	fra
sautaire	adjective	oci	sauteur	adjective	fra
amortiment	noun	oci	amortissement	noun	fra
Agúndez	properNoun	oci	Agúndez	properNoun	fra
Mullan	properNoun	oci	Mullan	properNoun	fra
general	noun	oci	général	noun	fra
Antonacci	properNoun	oci	Antonacci	properNoun	fra
Forga	properNoun	oci	Forga	properNoun	fra
Dalmàcia	properNoun	oci	Dalmatie	properNoun	fra
criptografia	noun	oci	cryptographie	noun	fra
Despina	properNoun	oci	Despina	properNoun	fra
eritèma	noun	oci	érythème	noun	fra
confirmat	adjective	oci	confirmé	adjective	fra
Gentiloni	properNoun	oci	Gentiloni	properNoun	fra
Bourgoin	properNoun	oci	Bourgoin	properNoun	fra
Gisbert	properNoun	oci	Gisbert	properNoun	fra
Mitchell	properNoun	oci	Mitchell	properNoun	fra
mirga	noun	oci	souris	noun	fra
desistir	verb	oci	désister	verb	fra
velarizar	verb	oci	vélariser	verb	fra
Finney	properNoun	oci	Finney	properNoun	fra
estilistic	adjective	oci	stylistique	adjective	fra
Piché	properNoun	oci	Piché	properNoun	fra
sociologic	adjective	oci	sociologique	adjective	fra
acolorir	verb	oci	colorer	verb	fra
adamantin	adjective	oci	adamantin	adjective	fra
Herranz	properNoun	oci	Herranz	properNoun	fra
Silverstone	properNoun	oci	Silverstone	properNoun	fra
Stenta	properNoun	oci	Stenta	properNoun	fra
arquitecturalament	adverb	oci	architecturalement	adverb	fra
Duplain	properNoun	oci	Duplain	properNoun	fra
Filadèlfia	properNoun	oci	Philadelphie	properNoun	fra
acronim	noun	oci	acronyme	noun	fra
incompetent	adjective	oci	incompétent	adjective	fra
Athot	properNoun	oci	Athot	properNoun	fra
crénher	verb	oci	redouter	verb	fra
crénher	verb	oci	craindre	verb	fra
GED	properNoun	oci	GED	properNoun	fra
Fredette	properNoun	oci	Fredette	properNoun	fra
del Barrio	properNoun	oci	del Barrio	properNoun	fra
Belando	properNoun	oci	Belando	properNoun	fra
omomorfisme	noun	oci	homomorphisme	noun	fra
Loukili	properNoun	oci	Loukili	properNoun	fra
minimalisme	noun	oci	minimalisme	noun	fra
Laredo	properNoun	oci	Laredo	properNoun	fra
Nogueras	properNoun	oci	Nogueras	properNoun	fra
esperar	verb	oci	espérer	verb	fra
esperar	verb	oci	attendre	verb	fra
illusionista	noun	oci	illusionniste	noun	fra
planificacion	noun	oci	planification	noun	fra
tipografia	noun	oci	typographie	noun	fra
Long	properNoun	oci	Long	properNoun	fra
esportiu	noun	oci	sportif	noun	fra
culheire	noun	oci	cueilleur	noun	fra
Balladur	properNoun	oci	Balladur	properNoun	fra
illimitat	adjective	oci	illimité	adjective	fra
subjontiu	noun	oci	subjonctif	noun	fra
Pontoise	properNoun	oci	Pontoise	properNoun	fra
hèira	noun	oci	foire	noun	fra
Màntoa	properNoun	oci	Mantoue	properNoun	fra
american	adjective	oci	américain	adjective	fra
darrièr	adjective	oci	dernier	adjective	fra
diferir	verb	oci	différer	verb	fra
Lindo	properNoun	oci	Lindo	properNoun	fra
clòt	noun	oci	fondrière	noun	fra
clòt	noun	oci	creux	noun	fra
clòt	noun	oci	trou	noun	fra
monoplaça	noun	oci	monoplace	noun	fra
plat	noun	oci	plat	noun	fra
suggerir	verb	oci	suggérer	verb	fra
frontispici	noun	oci	frontispice	noun	fra
Husereau	properNoun	oci	Husereau	properNoun	fra
de Castro	properNoun	oci	de Castro	properNoun	fra
compatiment	noun	oci	commisération	noun	fra
bavarèl	noun	oci	bavoir	noun	fra
excedir	verb	oci	excéder	verb	fra
Apolline	properNoun	oci	Apolline	properNoun	fra
Castañé	properNoun	oci	Castañé	properNoun	fra
Loza	properNoun	oci	Loza	properNoun	fra
Lo Jacomo	properNoun	oci	Lo Jacomo	properNoun	fra
evitar	verb	oci	éviter	verb	fra
antroponime	noun	oci	anthroponyme	noun	fra
von Saalfeld	properNoun	oci	von Saalfeld	properNoun	fra
sèria	noun	oci	série	noun	fra
Maggie	properNoun	oci	Maggie	properNoun	fra
estèla	noun	oci	étoile	noun	fra
decernir	verb	oci	décerner	verb	fra
Tarn e Garona	properNoun	oci	Tarn-et-Garonne	properNoun	fra
trobador	noun	oci	troubadour	noun	fra
retranscripcion	noun	oci	retranscription	noun	fra
François Fillon	properNoun	oci	François Fillon	properNoun	fra
portugués	noun	oci	portugais	noun	fra
Orriols	properNoun	oci	Orriols	properNoun	fra
nigerian	noun	oci	Nigérian	noun	fra
Bonig	properNoun	oci	Bonig	properNoun	fra
infinit	adjective	oci	infini	adjective	fra
a la debuta de	preposition	oci	au début de	preposition	fra
Candice	properNoun	oci	Candice	properNoun	fra
Elie	properNoun	oci	Elie	properNoun	fra
Betancourt	properNoun	oci	Betancourt	properNoun	fra
divenc	adjective	oci	divin	adjective	fra
Moreta	properNoun	oci	Moreta	properNoun	fra
sang	noun	oci	sang	noun	fra
anabolic	adjective	oci	anabolique	adjective	fra
Granda	properNoun	oci	Granda	properNoun	fra
domaisèla	noun	oci	demoiselle	noun	fra
domaisèla	noun	oci	libellule	noun	fra
Rizza	properNoun	oci	Rizza	properNoun	fra
a temps passat	adverb	oci	autrefois	adverb	fra
trimesadèrament	adverb	oci	trimestriellement	adverb	fra
Xenia	properNoun	oci	Xenia	properNoun	fra
Vaudrin	properNoun	oci	Vaudrin	properNoun	fra
tonton	noun	oci	tonton	noun	fra
Marineau	properNoun	oci	Marineau	properNoun	fra
Nin	properNoun	oci	Nin	properNoun	fra
Suppa	properNoun	oci	Suppa	properNoun	fra
cuèit	adjective	oci	cuit	adjective	fra
Vendrell	properNoun	oci	Vendrell	properNoun	fra
provisor	noun	oci	proviseur	noun	fra
vairòla	noun	oci	variole	noun	fra
Serenity	properNoun	oci	Serenity	properNoun	fra
eminent	adjective	oci	éminent	adjective	fra
Boccaccio	properNoun	oci	Boccaccio	properNoun	fra
saciable	adjective	oci	saciable	adjective	fra
trilingüe	adjective	oci	trilingue	adjective	fra
excrecion	noun	oci	excrétion	noun	fra
especificacion	noun	oci	spécification	noun	fra
Mascheroni	properNoun	oci	Mascheroni	properNoun	fra
Lerin	properNoun	oci	Lerin	properNoun	fra
Calatayud	properNoun	oci	Calatayud	properNoun	fra
Ranchal	properNoun	oci	Ranchal	properNoun	fra
oira	noun	oci	outre	noun	fra
Hooke	properNoun	oci	Hooke	properNoun	fra
Orecchioni	properNoun	oci	Orecchioni	properNoun	fra
Francina	properNoun	oci	Francina	properNoun	fra
Fresson	properNoun	oci	Fresson	properNoun	fra
casuda	noun	oci	chute	noun	fra
gallés	adjective	oci	gaulois	adjective	fra
exacerbar	verb	oci	exacerber	verb	fra
Forns	properNoun	oci	Forns	properNoun	fra
Arold	properNoun	oci	Arold	properNoun	fra
remodelatge	noun	oci	remodelage	noun	fra
jacobinisme	noun	oci	jacobinisme	noun	fra
Frappier	properNoun	oci	Frappier	properNoun	fra
Cheezo	properNoun	oci	Cheezo	properNoun	fra
Amine	properNoun	oci	Amine	properNoun	fra
Giguère	properNoun	oci	Giguère	properNoun	fra
Tomonaga	properNoun	oci	Tomonaga	properNoun	fra
usurpacion	noun	oci	usurpation	noun	fra
Wei	properNoun	oci	Wei	properNoun	fra
Burundi	properNoun	oci	Burundi	properNoun	fra
trufariá	noun	oci	moquerie	noun	fra
Barrière	properNoun	oci	Barrière	properNoun	fra
Robbie Williams	properNoun	oci	Robbie Williams	properNoun	fra
encensaire	noun	oci	adulateur	noun	fra
Urpí	properNoun	oci	Urpí	properNoun	fra
Cañadell	properNoun	oci	Cañadell	properNoun	fra
Brugués	properNoun	oci	Brugués	properNoun	fra
sòl	noun	oci	sol	noun	fra
expiracion	noun	oci	expiration	noun	fra
Escayola	properNoun	oci	Escayola	properNoun	fra
Erkoreka	properNoun	oci	Erkoreka	properNoun	fra
boolean	adjective	oci	booléen	adjective	fra
vil	adjective	oci	vil	adjective	fra
eretatge	noun	oci	héritage	noun	fra
alhada	noun	oci	aillade	noun	fra
Fex	properNoun	oci	Fex	properNoun	fra
Bourgie	properNoun	oci	Bourgie	properNoun	fra
Freixanet	properNoun	oci	Freixanet	properNoun	fra
Lizée	properNoun	oci	Lizée	properNoun	fra
FN	noun	oci	FN	noun	fra
Benedi	properNoun	oci	Benedi	properNoun	fra
Felices	properNoun	oci	Felices	properNoun	fra
luminós	adjective	oci	lumineux	adjective	fra
trauc	noun	oci	trou	noun	fra
Bordage	properNoun	oci	Bordage	properNoun	fra
germanofil	adjective	oci	germanophile	adjective	fra
Fiore	properNoun	oci	Fiore	properNoun	fra
amaisament	noun	oci	apaisement	noun	fra
Haley	properNoun	oci	Haley	properNoun	fra
Africa	properNoun	oci	Afrique	properNoun	fra
adorable	adjective	oci	adorable	adjective	fra
Alcañiz	properNoun	oci	Alcañiz	properNoun	fra
intrepid	adjective	oci	intrépide	adjective	fra
de contunh	adverb	oci	continuellement	adverb	fra
bilateralitat	noun	oci	bilatéralité	noun	fra
Uribarri	properNoun	oci	Uribarri	properNoun	fra
vestibul	noun	oci	vestibule	noun	fra
Sorbello	properNoun	oci	Sorbello	properNoun	fra
egalar	verb	oci	égaler	verb	fra
Willy	properNoun	oci	Willy	properNoun	fra
Alameddine	properNoun	oci	Alameddine	properNoun	fra
bipolar	adjective	oci	bipolaire	adjective	fra
losat	noun	oci	auvent	noun	fra
filtre	noun	oci	filtre	noun	fra
lantèrna	noun	oci	lanterne	noun	fra
icòna	noun	oci	icône	noun	fra
assimilacion	noun	oci	assimilation	noun	fra
tartuga	noun	oci	tortue	noun	fra
epitafi	noun	oci	épitaphe	noun	fra
Gazaille	properNoun	oci	Gazaille	properNoun	fra
Rigol	properNoun	oci	Rigol	properNoun	fra
quitança	noun	oci	quittance	noun	fra
Boissy	properNoun	oci	Boissy	properNoun	fra
Altisent	properNoun	oci	Altisent	properNoun	fra
Pedrero	properNoun	oci	Pedrero	properNoun	fra
Pato	properNoun	oci	Pato	properNoun	fra
sometre	verb	oci	soumettre	verb	fra
comicament	adverb	oci	comiquement	adverb	fra
Novosibirsk	properNoun	oci	Novossibirsk	properNoun	fra
Berengué	properNoun	oci	Berengué	properNoun	fra
Diodati	properNoun	oci	Diodati	properNoun	fra
Haar	properNoun	oci	Haar	properNoun	fra
automedicacion	noun	oci	automédication	noun	fra
Méler	properNoun	oci	Méler	properNoun	fra
preconizar	verb	oci	préconiser	verb	fra
Mazza	properNoun	oci	Mazza	properNoun	fra
Gorchs	properNoun	oci	Gorchs	properNoun	fra
Nardelli	properNoun	oci	Nardelli	properNoun	fra
gamma	noun	oci	gamme	noun	fra
Codorníu	properNoun	oci	Codorníu	properNoun	fra
rasonar	verb	oci	raisonner	verb	fra
Ippersiel	properNoun	oci	Ippersiel	properNoun	fra
limauc	noun	oci	limace	noun	fra
brica	adverb	oci	pas du tout	adverb	fra
dar	verb	oci	donner	verb	fra
Liaño	properNoun	oci	Liaño	properNoun	fra
farmacian	noun	oci	pharmacien	noun	fra
Kate	properNoun	oci	Kate	properNoun	fra
Armengol	properNoun	oci	Armengol	properNoun	fra
Morán	properNoun	oci	Morán	properNoun	fra
Mayappo	properNoun	oci	Mayappo	properNoun	fra
biologia	noun	oci	biologie	noun	fra
Taschereau	properNoun	oci	Taschereau	properNoun	fra
vicecampion	noun	oci	vice-champion	noun	fra
migracion	noun	oci	migration	noun	fra
introvertit	adjective	oci	introverti	adjective	fra
qualitatiu	adjective	oci	qualitatif	adjective	fra
Rijkaard	properNoun	oci	Rijkaard	properNoun	fra
grad	noun	oci	degré	noun	fra
Sibelius	properNoun	oci	Sibelius	properNoun	fra
epileptic	adjective	oci	épileptique	adjective	fra
revelacion	noun	oci	révélation	noun	fra
escríver	verb	oci	écrire	verb	fra
manés	noun	oci	mannois	noun	fra
Tarradellas	properNoun	oci	Tarradellas	properNoun	fra
refrigerant	adjective	oci	réfrigérant	adjective	fra
limpid	adjective	oci	limpide	adjective	fra
TLC	noun	oci	TLC	noun	fra
Veillette	properNoun	oci	Veillette	properNoun	fra
londinenc	noun	oci	Londonien	noun	fra
coacha	noun	oci	hochequeue	noun	fra
coacha	noun	oci	bergeronnette	noun	fra
naut	adjective	oci	haut	adjective	fra
naut	adjective	oci	grand	adjective	fra
Ferrer	properNoun	oci	Ferrer	properNoun	fra
vautres	pronoun	oci	vous	pronoun	fra
Fortier	properNoun	oci	Fortier	properNoun	fra
Heidi	properNoun	oci	Heidi	properNoun	fra
Bañales	properNoun	oci	Bañales	properNoun	fra
von Mansfeld-Eisleben	properNoun	oci	von Mansfeld-Eisleben	properNoun	fra
Ors	properNoun	oci	Ors	properNoun	fra
consisténcia	noun	oci	consistance	noun	fra
incomunicacion	noun	oci	incommunicabilité	noun	fra
persecucion	noun	oci	persécution	noun	fra
persecucion	noun	oci	poursuite	noun	fra
adreit	adjective	oci	adroit	adjective	fra
nenet	noun	oci	bébé	noun	fra
Elezgarai	properNoun	oci	Elezgarai	properNoun	fra
Tymochenko	properNoun	oci	Tymochenko	properNoun	fra
aquel que	relativePronoun	oci	celui que	relativePronoun	fra
aquel que	relativePronoun	oci	celui qui	relativePronoun	fra
Huertas	properNoun	oci	Huertas	properNoun	fra
Baranowski	properNoun	oci	Baranowski	properNoun	fra
abatre	verb	oci	abattre	verb	fra
eveniment	noun	oci	évènement	noun	fra
eveniment	noun	oci	événement	noun	fra
bròcha	noun	oci	broche	noun	fra
aritmic	adjective	oci	arythmique	adjective	fra
Ruíz	properNoun	oci	Ruíz	properNoun	fra
embestiar	verb	oci	embêter	verb	fra
Ada	properNoun	oci	Ada	properNoun	fra
Aquisgran	properNoun	oci	Aix-la-Chapelle	properNoun	fra
Malou	properNoun	oci	Malou	properNoun	fra
Ruffolo	properNoun	oci	Ruffolo	properNoun	fra
dinc	preposition	oci	jusqu'à	preposition	fra
dinc	preposition	oci	jusque	preposition	fra
Domenge	properNoun	oci	Domenge	properNoun	fra
determinar	verb	oci	déterminer	verb	fra
a chicas e micas	adverb	oci	par bribes	adverb	fra
Diana	properNoun	oci	Diana	properNoun	fra
Diana	properNoun	oci	Diane	properNoun	fra
Partal	properNoun	oci	Partal	properNoun	fra
Lachance	properNoun	oci	Lachance	properNoun	fra
nuèch	noun	oci	nuit	noun	fra
irrigar	verb	oci	irriguer	verb	fra
vector	noun	oci	vecteur	noun	fra
gorbet	noun	oci	oyat	noun	fra
Drici	properNoun	oci	Drici	properNoun	fra
espandir	verb	oci	répandre	verb	fra
espandir	verb	oci	développer	verb	fra
Noeda	properNoun	oci	Noeda	properNoun	fra
immobil	adjective	oci	immobile	adjective	fra
desintoxicar	verb	oci	désintoxiquer	verb	fra
Badeau	properNoun	oci	Badeau	properNoun	fra
megalomania	noun	oci	mégalomanie	noun	fra
fanga	noun	oci	fange	noun	fra
fanga	noun	oci	boue	noun	fra
contracorrent	noun	oci	contrecourant	noun	fra
von Linné	properNoun	oci	von Linné	properNoun	fra
Ponsa	properNoun	oci	Ponsa	properNoun	fra
Sansá	properNoun	oci	Sansá	properNoun	fra
Tito	properNoun	oci	Tito	properNoun	fra
Soros	properNoun	oci	Soros	properNoun	fra
arreconeishença	noun	oci	reconnaissance	noun	fra
Jacme	properNoun	oci	Jacme	properNoun	fra
Jacme	properNoun	oci	Jacques	properNoun	fra
meitat	noun	oci	moitié	noun	fra
Donovan	properNoun	oci	Donovan	properNoun	fra
improbable	adjective	oci	improbable	adjective	fra
Wiltshire	properNoun	oci	Wiltshire	properNoun	fra
Megan	properNoun	oci	Megan	properNoun	fra
afamat	noun	oci	affamé	noun	fra
Espronceda	properNoun	oci	Espronceda	properNoun	fra
checoslovac	noun	oci	Tchécoslovaque	noun	fra
supèrb	adjective	oci	superbe	adjective	fra
Nicks	properNoun	oci	Nicks	properNoun	fra
Lligoña	properNoun	oci	Lligoña	properNoun	fra
guadalopenc	noun	oci	Guadeloupéen	noun	fra
desfiament	noun	oci	défi	noun	fra
repressor	adjective	oci	répresseur	adjective	fra
parla	noun	oci	langue	noun	fra
Nimèga	properNoun	oci	Nimègue	properNoun	fra
Tornero	properNoun	oci	Tornero	properNoun	fra
Labrèche	properNoun	oci	Labrèche	properNoun	fra
Bonet	properNoun	oci	Bonet	properNoun	fra
Kiley	properNoun	oci	Kiley	properNoun	fra
devant	preposition	oci	devant	preposition	fra
localista	adjective	oci	localiste	adjective	fra
concentric	adjective	oci	concentrique	adjective	fra
canilha	noun	oci	chenille	noun	fra
resolocion	noun	oci	résolution	noun	fra
sasonièr	adjective	oci	saisonnier	adjective	fra
etnològ	noun	oci	ethnologue	noun	fra
nidificacion	noun	oci	nidification	noun	fra
Pàmies	properNoun	oci	Pàmies	properNoun	fra
Vautour	properNoun	oci	Vautour	properNoun	fra
WCT	noun	oci	WCT	noun	fra
originari	adjective	oci	originaire	adjective	fra
adjunt	adjective	oci	adjoint	adjective	fra
Oxenstierna	properNoun	oci	Oxenstierna	properNoun	fra
Couture	properNoun	oci	Couture	properNoun	fra
illas Malvinas	properNoun	oci	îles Malouines	properNoun	fra
Carnevale	properNoun	oci	Carnevale	properNoun	fra
Eiffel	properNoun	oci	Eiffel	properNoun	fra
Mondadori	properNoun	oci	Mondadori	properNoun	fra
niçard	noun	oci	niçois	noun	fra
fenil	noun	oci	fenil	noun	fra
Jamieson	properNoun	oci	Jamieson	properNoun	fra
von der Schulemburg	properNoun	oci	von der Schulemburg	properNoun	fra
ara	adverb	oci	maintenant	adverb	fra
corsar	verb	oci	pourchasser	verb	fra
Escandell	properNoun	oci	Escandell	properNoun	fra
turbocompressor	noun	oci	turbocompresseur	noun	fra
Ondoño	properNoun	oci	Ondoño	properNoun	fra
Summer	properNoun	oci	Summer	properNoun	fra
Ericsson	properNoun	oci	Ericsson	properNoun	fra
brutladura	noun	oci	brûlure	noun	fra
rauba	noun	oci	robe	noun	fra
antecedent	adjective	oci	antécédent	adjective	fra
Simons	properNoun	oci	Simons	properNoun	fra
desactivar	verb	oci	désactiver	verb	fra
apoderar	verb	oci	emparer	verb	fra
vòuta	noun	oci	voute	noun	fra
siderurgia	noun	oci	sidérurgie	noun	fra
Grey	properNoun	oci	Grey	properNoun	fra
travèrs	noun	oci	descente	noun	fra
travèrs	noun	oci	travers	noun	fra
Carnes	properNoun	oci	Carnes	properNoun	fra
elegir	verb	oci	élire	verb	fra
elegir	verb	oci	choisir	verb	fra
Iorio	properNoun	oci	Iorio	properNoun	fra
Moráis	properNoun	oci	Moráis	properNoun	fra
Lerma	properNoun	oci	Lerma	properNoun	fra
Sayago	properNoun	oci	Sayago	properNoun	fra
inorganic	adjective	oci	inorganique	adjective	fra
Parrón	properNoun	oci	Parrón	properNoun	fra
bèl	adjective	oci	bel	adjective	fra
bèl	adjective	oci	grand	adjective	fra
bèl	adjective	oci	beau	adjective	fra
Qinuajuak	properNoun	oci	Qinuajuak	properNoun	fra
Dayan	properNoun	oci	Dayan	properNoun	fra
compra	noun	oci	achat	noun	fra
Vanhoutte	properNoun	oci	Vanhoutte	properNoun	fra
trasplantacion	noun	oci	transplantation	noun	fra
perturbacion	noun	oci	perturbation	noun	fra
Santiago	properNoun	oci	Santiago	properNoun	fra
Llevadot	properNoun	oci	Llevadot	properNoun	fra
Frigola	properNoun	oci	Frigola	properNoun	fra
Léveillé	properNoun	oci	Léveillé	properNoun	fra
Imelda	properNoun	oci	Imelda	properNoun	fra
eficiéncia	noun	oci	efficacité	noun	fra
aprèp	adverb	oci	après	adverb	fra
Holman	properNoun	oci	Holman	properNoun	fra
individualament	adverb	oci	individuellement	adverb	fra
robinet	noun	oci	robinet	noun	fra
Gortazar	properNoun	oci	Gortazar	properNoun	fra
contrafar	verb	oci	contrefaire	verb	fra
demostrar	verb	oci	démontrer	verb	fra
retrait	noun	oci	portrait	noun	fra
Tort	properNoun	oci	Tort	properNoun	fra
cinquanta quatre	numeral	oci	cinquante-quatre	numeral	fra
exclusivitat	noun	oci	exclusivité	noun	fra
Browning	properNoun	oci	Browning	properNoun	fra
remassar	verb	oci	rassembler	verb	fra
remassar	verb	oci	rallier	verb	fra
remassar	verb	oci	réunir	verb	fra
Ji	properNoun	oci	Ji	properNoun	fra
Vivendi	properNoun	oci	Vivendi	properNoun	fra
colleccionar	verb	oci	collectionner	verb	fra
Infante	properNoun	oci	Infante	properNoun	fra
diocesan	adjective	oci	diocésain	adjective	fra
Días	properNoun	oci	Días	properNoun	fra
Alvarez	properNoun	oci	Alvarez	properNoun	fra
picalha	noun	oci	fric	noun	fra
sorça	noun	oci	source	noun	fra
escaravat	noun	oci	scarabée	noun	fra
Yebra	properNoun	oci	Yebra	properNoun	fra
Lortie	properNoun	oci	Lortie	properNoun	fra
Piroddi	properNoun	oci	Piroddi	properNoun	fra
especialista	adjective	oci	spécialiste	adjective	fra
ban	noun	oci	ban	noun	fra
fait	noun	oci	fait	noun	fra
veirina	noun	oci	vitrine	noun	fra
Orea	properNoun	oci	Orea	properNoun	fra
signe	noun	oci	signe	noun	fra
monsen	noun	oci	seigneur	noun	fra
desnivèl	noun	oci	dénivelé	noun	fra
Vadeboncoeur	properNoun	oci	Vadeboncoeur	properNoun	fra
constituir	verb	oci	constituer	verb	fra
ahilhar	verb	oci	adopter	verb	fra
sonar	noun	oci	sonar	noun	fra
sosdelegacion	noun	oci	subdélégation	noun	fra
sistematicament	adverb	oci	systématiquement	adverb	fra
Arzallus	properNoun	oci	Arzallus	properNoun	fra
Fréchette	properNoun	oci	Fréchette	properNoun	fra
Lemire	properNoun	oci	Lemire	properNoun	fra
tambourinaire	noun	oci	tambourineur	noun	fra
Barnes	properNoun	oci	Barnes	properNoun	fra
accessible	adjective	oci	accessible	adjective	fra
cantic	noun	oci	cantique	noun	fra
sindicalista	adjective	oci	syndicaliste	adjective	fra
guitarra	noun	oci	guitare	noun	fra
Anichinapeo	properNoun	oci	Anichinapeo	properNoun	fra
Henrietta	properNoun	oci	Henrietta	properNoun	fra
Chaco	properNoun	oci	Chaco	properNoun	fra
quinze	numeral	oci	quinze	numeral	fra
Pace	properNoun	oci	Pace	properNoun	fra
Molné	properNoun	oci	Molné	properNoun	fra
remediar	verb	oci	remédier	verb	fra
Guitert	properNoun	oci	Guitert	properNoun	fra
militància	noun	oci	militance	noun	fra
arser	adverb	oci	hier soir	adverb	fra
Varo	properNoun	oci	Varo	properNoun	fra
Nurmi	properNoun	oci	Nurmi	properNoun	fra
Bonache	properNoun	oci	Bonache	properNoun	fra
Noémie	properNoun	oci	Noémie	properNoun	fra
Douai	properNoun	oci	Douai	properNoun	fra
Stalingrad	properNoun	oci	Stalingrad	properNoun	fra
bestiau	noun	oci	bétail	noun	fra
pelut	adjective	oci	poilu	adjective	fra
America	properNoun	oci	Amérique	properNoun	fra
autarquia	noun	oci	autarcie	noun	fra
etrusc	adjective	oci	étrusque	adjective	fra
assegurador	noun	oci	assureur	noun	fra
adaptatiu	adjective	oci	adaptatif	adjective	fra
Nicholls	properNoun	oci	Nicholls	properNoun	fra
Alias	properNoun	oci	Alias	properNoun	fra
Jeune	properNoun	oci	Jeune	properNoun	fra
lin	noun	oci	lin	noun	fra
persisténcia	noun	oci	persistance	noun	fra
anemometria	noun	oci	anémométrie	noun	fra
Fiorella	properNoun	oci	Fiorella	properNoun	fra
Proteau	properNoun	oci	Proteau	properNoun	fra
Horna	properNoun	oci	Horna	properNoun	fra
Nauta Corsega	properNoun	oci	Haute-Corse	properNoun	fra
ONG	properNoun	oci	ONG	properNoun	fra
modernista	adjective	oci	moderniste	adjective	fra
Montoliu	properNoun	oci	Montoliu	properNoun	fra
alcalimetria	noun	oci	alcalimétrie	noun	fra
Goya	properNoun	oci	Goya	properNoun	fra
Dumay	properNoun	oci	Dumay	properNoun	fra
cantonat	adjective	oci	cantonné	adjective	fra
Barbados	properNoun	oci	Barbade	properNoun	fra
utile	adjective	oci	utile	adjective	fra
Fradera	properNoun	oci	Fradera	properNoun	fra
un chic abans	adverb	oci	un peu avant	adverb	fra
Lengadòc-Rosselhon	properNoun	oci	Languedoc-Roussillon	properNoun	fra
Islamabad	properNoun	oci	Islamabad	properNoun	fra
abans d'ora	adverb	oci	avant l'heure	adverb	fra
abans d'ora	adverb	oci	avant terme	adverb	fra
abans d'ora	adverb	oci	avant le temps	adverb	fra
Balbuena	properNoun	oci	Balbuena	properNoun	fra
sicilian	adjective	oci	sicilien	adjective	fra
cine	noun	oci	cinéma	noun	fra
Campillos	properNoun	oci	Campillos	properNoun	fra
Zawahiri	properNoun	oci	Zawahiri	properNoun	fra
castig	noun	oci	châtiment	noun	fra
Hinault	properNoun	oci	Hinault	properNoun	fra
Laurentina	properNoun	oci	Laurentina	properNoun	fra
Chaban-Delmas	properNoun	oci	Chaban-Delmas	properNoun	fra
veire	noun	oci	verre	noun	fra
veire	noun	oci	vitre	noun	fra
gavian	noun	oci	goéland	noun	fra
memorable	adjective	oci	mémorable	adjective	fra
Angelina	properNoun	oci	Angelina	properNoun	fra
Wilkinson	properNoun	oci	Wilkinson	properNoun	fra
petaç	noun	oci	guenille	noun	fra
petaç	noun	oci	chiffon	noun	fra
Rosenbaum	properNoun	oci	Rosenbaum	properNoun	fra
Pauling	properNoun	oci	Pauling	properNoun	fra
Aragó	properNoun	oci	Aragó	properNoun	fra
Tabares	properNoun	oci	Tabares	properNoun	fra
plaja	noun	oci	plage	noun	fra
amplor	noun	oci	ampleur	noun	fra
Trabalon	properNoun	oci	Trabalon	properNoun	fra
escrupulosament	adverb	oci	scrupuleusement	adverb	fra
aver	verb	oci	avoir	verb	fra
resconduda	noun	oci	cachette	noun	fra
Susan	properNoun	oci	Susan	properNoun	fra
islamic	adjective	oci	islamique	adjective	fra
Capellas	properNoun	oci	Capellas	properNoun	fra
Orleanés	properNoun	oci	Orléanais	properNoun	fra
Cassinhac	properNoun	oci	Cassinhac	properNoun	fra
Suau	properNoun	oci	Suau	properNoun	fra
invitacion	noun	oci	invitation	noun	fra
edificar	verb	oci	édifier	verb	fra
pretorian	noun	oci	prétorien	noun	fra
silurian	adjective	oci	silurien	adjective	fra
McDuck	properNoun	oci	McDuck	properNoun	fra
soís	adjective	oci	suisse	adjective	fra
tampon	noun	oci	tampon	noun	fra
Daoudi	properNoun	oci	Daoudi	properNoun	fra
Rizó	properNoun	oci	Rizó	properNoun	fra
Papatie	properNoun	oci	Papatie	properNoun	fra
Prophète	properNoun	oci	Prophète	properNoun	fra
minoracion	noun	oci	minoration	noun	fra
lòca	noun	oci	marche	noun	fra
agrume	noun	oci	agrume	noun	fra
URSS	properNoun	oci	URSS	properNoun	fra
Llenas	properNoun	oci	Llenas	properNoun	fra
Homan	properNoun	oci	Homan	properNoun	fra
Montolío	properNoun	oci	Montolío	properNoun	fra
ingestiu	adjective	oci	ingestif	adjective	fra
arcat	adjective	oci	arqué	adjective	fra
depòrt	noun	oci	divertissement	noun	fra
Bassa Normandia	properNoun	oci	Basse-Normandie	properNoun	fra
Moscòu	properNoun	oci	Moscou	properNoun	fra
variabilitat	noun	oci	variabilité	noun	fra
Wolsey	properNoun	oci	Wolsey	properNoun	fra
negligir	verb	oci	négliger	verb	fra
Oran	properNoun	oci	Oran	properNoun	fra
verdós	adjective	oci	verdâtre	adjective	fra
simple	adjective	oci	simple	adjective	fra
Castellar	properNoun	oci	Castellar	properNoun	fra
menteire	noun	oci	menteur	noun	fra
interstellar	adjective	oci	interstellaire	adjective	fra
fantasma	noun	oci	spectre	noun	fra
fantasma	noun	oci	fantasme	noun	fra
noiridura	noun	oci	nourriture	noun	fra
adieu	noun	oci	adieu	noun	fra
adieu	noun	oci	salut	noun	fra
28n	adjective	oci	28ème	adjective	fra
Mélançon	properNoun	oci	Mélançon	properNoun	fra
shautar	verb	oci	plaire	verb	fra
etrusc	noun	oci	étrusque	noun	fra
Gonthier	properNoun	oci	Gonthier	properNoun	fra
Boquillon	properNoun	oci	Boquillon	properNoun	fra
glucòsa	noun	oci	glucose	noun	fra
acaparrament	noun	oci	accaparement	noun	fra
analizar	verb	oci	analyser	verb	fra
archivista	noun	oci	archiviste	noun	fra
Roschdy	properNoun	oci	Roschdy	properNoun	fra
Casault	properNoun	oci	Casault	properNoun	fra
temporizar	verb	oci	temporiser	verb	fra
Ladéroute	properNoun	oci	Ladéroute	properNoun	fra
autodeterminacion	noun	oci	autodétermination	noun	fra
Leeuwenhoek	properNoun	oci	Leeuwenhoek	properNoun	fra
Sanche	properNoun	oci	Sanche	properNoun	fra
sextian	adjective	oci	aixois	adjective	fra
esterilizar	verb	oci	stériliser	verb	fra
desembarcament	noun	oci	débarquement	noun	fra
incertitud	noun	oci	incertitude	noun	fra
salat	adjective	oci	salé	adjective	fra
lord	adjective	oci	malpropre	adjective	fra
Ahern	properNoun	oci	Ahern	properNoun	fra
Privitera	properNoun	oci	Privitera	properNoun	fra
Vargas	properNoun	oci	Vargas	properNoun	fra
certificat	noun	oci	certificat	noun	fra
certanament	adverb	oci	certainement	adverb	fra
Sotoca	properNoun	oci	Sotoca	properNoun	fra
Cunningham	properNoun	oci	Cunningham	properNoun	fra
Molist	properNoun	oci	Molist	properNoun	fra
autocritica	noun	oci	autocritique	noun	fra
Niagara	properNoun	oci	Niagara	properNoun	fra
Mètz	properNoun	oci	Metz	properNoun	fra
Bonachera	properNoun	oci	Bonachera	properNoun	fra
Fortugno	properNoun	oci	Fortugno	properNoun	fra
Llamazares	properNoun	oci	Llamazares	properNoun	fra
cristallizacion	noun	oci	cristallisation	noun	fra
TVA	noun	oci	TVA	noun	fra
boric	adjective	oci	borique	adjective	fra
recompensa	noun	oci	récompense	noun	fra
Agnès	properNoun	oci	Agnès	properNoun	fra
Timoneda	properNoun	oci	Timoneda	properNoun	fra
fantasia	noun	oci	fantaisie	noun	fra
Vizcarro	properNoun	oci	Vizcarro	properNoun	fra
modificatiu	adjective	oci	modificatif	adjective	fra
Touzin	properNoun	oci	Touzin	properNoun	fra
Hazotte	properNoun	oci	Hazotte	properNoun	fra
Marchildon	properNoun	oci	Marchildon	properNoun	fra
Licitra	properNoun	oci	Licitra	properNoun	fra
Espona	properNoun	oci	Espona	properNoun	fra
documentari	adjective	oci	documentaire	adjective	fra
persiana	noun	oci	persienne	noun	fra
Dalmasso	properNoun	oci	Dalmasso	properNoun	fra
Fifi	properNoun	oci	Fifi	properNoun	fra
impopularitat	noun	oci	impopularité	noun	fra
Ditko	properNoun	oci	Ditko	properNoun	fra
Indurain	properNoun	oci	Indurain	properNoun	fra
San Martin	properNoun	oci	San Martin	properNoun	fra
Agen	properNoun	oci	Agen	properNoun	fra
ramadan	noun	oci	ramadan	noun	fra
Viñuela	properNoun	oci	Viñuela	properNoun	fra
Canejan	properNoun	oci	Canejan	properNoun	fra
rocam	noun	oci	rocher	noun	fra
illegalizar	verb	oci	rendre illégal	verb	fra
illegalizar	verb	oci	illégaliser	verb	fra
open	adjective	oci	open	adjective	fra
platafòrma	noun	oci	plate-forme	noun	fra
costuma	noun	oci	habitude	noun	fra
costuma	noun	oci	coutume	noun	fra
apareissent	adjective	oci	apparaissant	adjective	fra
Choque	properNoun	oci	Choque	properNoun	fra
Mendeleïev	properNoun	oci	Mendeleïev	properNoun	fra
Foucault	properNoun	oci	Foucault	properNoun	fra
McIsaac	properNoun	oci	McIsaac	properNoun	fra
Sanchiz	properNoun	oci	Sanchiz	properNoun	fra
davalada	noun	oci	descente	noun	fra
Che	properNoun	oci	Che	properNoun	fra
patanon	noun	oci	topinambour	noun	fra
distribusir	verb	oci	distribuer	verb	fra
pilastre	noun	oci	pilier	noun	fra
pilastre	noun	oci	pilastre	noun	fra
artifici	noun	oci	artifice	noun	fra
apariar	verb	oci	arranger	verb	fra
Armada	properNoun	oci	Armada	properNoun	fra
cranian	adjective	oci	crânien	adjective	fra
tapís	noun	oci	tapis	noun	fra
artificialament	adverb	oci	artificiellement	adverb	fra
epurar	verb	oci	épurer	verb	fra
visualament	adverb	oci	visuellement	adverb	fra
negatiu	noun	oci	négatif	noun	fra
Aubanèl	properNoun	oci	Aubanèl	properNoun	fra
passiu	adjective	oci	passif	adjective	fra
desvistar	verb	oci	distinguer	verb	fra
Amazon	properNoun	oci	Amazon	properNoun	fra
MySQL	properNoun	oci	MySQL	properNoun	fra
presonièr	adjective	oci	prisonnier	adjective	fra
terciari	adjective	oci	tertiaire	adjective	fra
Nick	properNoun	oci	Nick	properNoun	fra
modular	verb	oci	moduler	verb	fra
judiciari	adjective	oci	judiciaire	adjective	fra
Aldunate	properNoun	oci	Aldunate	properNoun	fra
preconizacion	noun	oci	préconisation	noun	fra
Ribes	properNoun	oci	Ribes	properNoun	fra
del Val	properNoun	oci	del Val	properNoun	fra
Antoniutti	properNoun	oci	Antoniutti	properNoun	fra
engenhaire	noun	oci	ingénieur	noun	fra
exalar	verb	oci	exalter	verb	fra
Guay	properNoun	oci	Guay	properNoun	fra
grivelhar	verb	oci	cribler	verb	fra
Germán	properNoun	oci	Germán	properNoun	fra
Zubaydah	properNoun	oci	Zubaydah	properNoun	fra
grafèma	noun	oci	graphème	noun	fra
Jofre	properNoun	oci	Jofre	properNoun	fra
Alemañ	properNoun	oci	Alemañ	properNoun	fra
calha	noun	oci	caille	noun	fra
Cardó	properNoun	oci	Cardó	properNoun	fra
Miret	properNoun	oci	Miret	properNoun	fra
Kanaan	properNoun	oci	Kanaan	properNoun	fra
a pena	adverb	oci	à peine	adverb	fra
Tomás	properNoun	oci	Tomás	properNoun	fra
qüestion	noun	oci	question	noun	fra
tragèdia	noun	oci	tragédie	noun	fra
espessor	noun	oci	épaisseur	noun	fra
Abdullah	properNoun	oci	Abdullah	properNoun	fra
Chandler	properNoun	oci	Chandler	properNoun	fra
vulgarizador	adjective	oci	vulgarisateur	adjective	fra
setanta dos	numeral	oci	soixante-douze	numeral	fra
exèrg	noun	oci	exergue	noun	fra
seishantau	noun	oci	soixantième	noun	fra
abusar	verb	oci	abuser	verb	fra
carga	noun	oci	fardeau	noun	fra
carga	noun	oci	charge	noun	fra
Anderson	properNoun	oci	Anderson	properNoun	fra
Araque	properNoun	oci	Araque	properNoun	fra
Sabino	properNoun	oci	Sabino	properNoun	fra
prelat	noun	oci	prélat	noun	fra
termit	noun	oci	termite	noun	fra
Reda	properNoun	oci	Reda	properNoun	fra
nòrd-èst	adjective	oci	nord-est	adjective	fra
telegrafic	adjective	oci	télégraphique	adjective	fra
correja	noun	oci	courroie	noun	fra
Aretxaga	properNoun	oci	Aretxaga	properNoun	fra
cinefil	noun	oci	cinéphile	noun	fra
fidelizar	verb	oci	fidéliser	verb	fra
Degagné	properNoun	oci	Degagné	properNoun	fra
rescriure	verb	oci	réécrire	verb	fra
contier	verb	oci	contenir	verb	fra
prevaricacion	noun	oci	prévarication	noun	fra
glaça	noun	oci	glace	noun	fra
million	noun	oci	million	noun	fra
Rojals	properNoun	oci	Rojals	properNoun	fra
fracàs	noun	oci	échec	noun	fra
antiistaminic	adjective	oci	antihistaminique	adjective	fra
Caffa	properNoun	oci	Caffa	properNoun	fra
Ross	properNoun	oci	Ross	properNoun	fra
Nemeth	properNoun	oci	Nemeth	properNoun	fra
astrologia	noun	oci	astrologie	noun	fra
frontiera	noun	oci	frontière	noun	fra
mortalament	adverb	oci	mortellement	adverb	fra
voler	noun	oci	vouloir	noun	fra
von Pufendorf	properNoun	oci	von Pufendorf	properNoun	fra
Cichon	properNoun	oci	Cichon	properNoun	fra
deisme	noun	oci	déisme	noun	fra
sistèma	noun	oci	système	noun	fra
poton	noun	oci	bisou	noun	fra
poton	noun	oci	baiser	noun	fra
poton	noun	oci	bise	noun	fra
Littell	properNoun	oci	Littell	properNoun	fra
profanar	verb	oci	profaner	verb	fra
breçar	verb	oci	bercer	verb	fra
positron	noun	oci	positron	noun	fra
barbeta	noun	oci	barbichette	noun	fra
barbeta	noun	oci	barbiche	noun	fra
pontife	noun	oci	pontife	noun	fra
liròt	noun	oci	torchon	noun	fra
ombrilha	noun	oci	pénombre	noun	fra
invalide	adjective	oci	invalide	adjective	fra
apostòl	noun	oci	apôtre	noun	fra
de Haro	properNoun	oci	de Haro	properNoun	fra
Gemina	properNoun	oci	Gemina	properNoun	fra
buget	noun	oci	cloison	noun	fra
Galimany	properNoun	oci	Galimany	properNoun	fra
Ivona	properNoun	oci	Ivona	properNoun	fra
radiofonic	adjective	oci	radiophonique	adjective	fra
gavieta	noun	oci	mouette	noun	fra
tautologia	noun	oci	tautologie	noun	fra
Salom	properNoun	oci	Salom	properNoun	fra
frapant	adjective	oci	frappant	adjective	fra
trobar	verb	oci	trouver	verb	fra
ineficacitat	noun	oci	inefficacité	noun	fra
Dariusz	properNoun	oci	Dariusz	properNoun	fra
suènh	noun	oci	soin	noun	fra
paralisar	verb	oci	paralyser	verb	fra
acoblar	verb	oci	accoupler	verb	fra
maduretat	noun	oci	maturité	noun	fra
explicatiu	adjective	oci	explicatif	adjective	fra
caumatge	noun	oci	chômage	noun	fra
Peralta	properNoun	oci	Peralta	properNoun	fra
Sarr	properNoun	oci	Sarr	properNoun	fra
Selladurai	properNoun	oci	Selladurai	properNoun	fra
cenobita	noun	oci	cénobite	noun	fra
Ghandour	properNoun	oci	Ghandour	properNoun	fra
de Coubertin	properNoun	oci	de Coubertin	properNoun	fra
Escolar	properNoun	oci	Escolar	properNoun	fra
Visitor	properNoun	oci	Visitor	properNoun	fra
Febrer	properNoun	oci	Febrer	properNoun	fra
Ric	properNoun	oci	Ric	properNoun	fra
Salvini	properNoun	oci	Salvini	properNoun	fra
Sylvain	properNoun	oci	Sylvain	properNoun	fra
impregnacion	noun	oci	imprégnation	noun	fra
Ferrèr	properNoun	oci	Ferrèr	properNoun	fra
Oort	properNoun	oci	Oort	properNoun	fra
Janeway	properNoun	oci	Janeway	properNoun	fra
Hess	properNoun	oci	Hess	properNoun	fra
remordiment	noun	oci	remords	noun	fra
banut	adjective	oci	cornu	adjective	fra
banut	adjective	oci	cocu	adjective	fra
Valdo	properNoun	oci	Valdo	properNoun	fra
Roxane	properNoun	oci	Roxane	properNoun	fra
embriogenèsi	noun	oci	embryogenèse	noun	fra
illas Marquesas	properNoun	oci	îles Marquises	properNoun	fra
Pereyra	properNoun	oci	Pereyra	properNoun	fra
legalizar	verb	oci	légaliser	verb	fra
arbitre	noun	oci	arbitre	noun	fra
Urbana	properNoun	oci	Urbana	properNoun	fra
Vera	properNoun	oci	Vera	properNoun	fra
conclusiu	adjective	oci	conclusif	adjective	fra
castanhareda	noun	oci	châtaigneraie	noun	fra
Bellera	properNoun	oci	Bellera	properNoun	fra
comandar	verb	oci	commander	verb	fra
pacient	adjective	oci	patient	adjective	fra
informe	noun	oci	rapport	noun	fra
cada setmana	adverb	oci	chaque semaine	adverb	fra
Munger	properNoun	oci	Munger	properNoun	fra
escata	noun	oci	écaille	noun	fra
Buteau	properNoun	oci	Buteau	properNoun	fra
emicicle	noun	oci	hémicycle	noun	fra
irracionalitat	noun	oci	irrationalité	noun	fra
Adèla	properNoun	oci	Adèla	properNoun	fra
Bella	properNoun	oci	Bella	properNoun	fra
Congost	properNoun	oci	Congost	properNoun	fra
rejogar	verb	oci	rejouer	verb	fra
puma	noun	oci	puma	noun	fra
Catalonha del Nòrd	properNoun	oci	Catalogne du Nord	properNoun	fra
trauèssa	noun	oci	traversée	noun	fra
Casanovas	properNoun	oci	Casanovas	properNoun	fra
Aspiazu	properNoun	oci	Aspiazu	properNoun	fra
Kaltenbrunner	properNoun	oci	Kaltenbrunner	properNoun	fra
Pujalte	properNoun	oci	Pujalte	properNoun	fra
Janeiro	properNoun	oci	Janeiro	properNoun	fra
Estocòlme	properNoun	oci	Stockholm	properNoun	fra
Tolstoi	properNoun	oci	Tolstoj	properNoun	fra
Tolstoi	properNoun	oci	Tolstoi	properNoun	fra
Tolstoi	properNoun	oci	Tolstoï	properNoun	fra
reprimir	verb	oci	réprimer	verb	fra
Romieu	properNoun	oci	Romieu	properNoun	fra
aneurisme	noun	oci	anévrisme	noun	fra
protectorat	noun	oci	protectorat	noun	fra
St-Germain	properNoun	oci	St-Germain	properNoun	fra
interpellacion	noun	oci	interpellation	noun	fra
Pepabano	properNoun	oci	Pepabano	properNoun	fra
Blázquez	properNoun	oci	Blázquez	properNoun	fra
seissanta tres	numeral	oci	soixante-trois	numeral	fra
albèrga	noun	oci	auberge	noun	fra
assignatura	noun	oci	matière	noun	fra
vulgarizar	verb	oci	vulgariser	verb	fra
Hayley	properNoun	oci	Hayley	properNoun	fra
indian	adjective	oci	indien	adjective	fra
messatjariá	noun	oci	messagerie	noun	fra
refusar	verb	oci	refuser	verb	fra
refusar	verb	oci	repousser	verb	fra
refusar	verb	oci	rejeter	verb	fra
revolucion	noun	oci	révolution	noun	fra
revolucion	noun	oci	revolution	noun	fra
Metellus	properNoun	oci	Metellus	properNoun	fra
Hilda	properNoun	oci	Hilda	properNoun	fra
concretizar	verb	oci	concrétiser	verb	fra
nud	adjective	oci	nu	adjective	fra
propici	adjective	oci	propice	adjective	fra
mica	noun	oci	mica	noun	fra
mica	noun	oci	mie	noun	fra
mica	noun	oci	miette	noun	fra
Borgonha-Franca Comtat	properNoun	oci	Bourgogne-Franche-Comté	properNoun	fra
gravitat	noun	oci	gravité	noun	fra
Miville-Deschênes	properNoun	oci	Miville-Deschênes	properNoun	fra
idrosoluble	adjective	oci	hydrosoluble	adjective	fra
emorràgia	noun	oci	hémorragie	noun	fra
alsacian	adjective	oci	alsacien	adjective	fra
Este	properNoun	oci	Este	properNoun	fra
Perpiñá	properNoun	oci	Perpiñá	properNoun	fra
Marcèl	properNoun	oci	Marcel	properNoun	fra
connivéncia	noun	oci	connivence	noun	fra
Faivre	properNoun	oci	Faivre	properNoun	fra
Noiret	properNoun	oci	Noiret	properNoun	fra
Sherlock	properNoun	oci	Sherlock	properNoun	fra
emiplegic	adjective	oci	hémiplégique	adjective	fra
Philogène	properNoun	oci	Philogène	properNoun	fra
Villaverde	properNoun	oci	Villaverde	properNoun	fra
obligacion	noun	oci	obligation	noun	fra
galician	adjective	oci	galicien	adjective	fra
Balzac	properNoun	oci	Balzac	properNoun	fra
recèpta	noun	oci	recette	noun	fra
religiós	adjective	oci	religieux	adjective	fra
blindatge	noun	oci	blindage	noun	fra
defunt	noun	oci	défunt	noun	fra
copular	verb	oci	copuler	verb	fra
Babbage	properNoun	oci	Babbage	properNoun	fra
susestimar	verb	oci	surestimer	verb	fra
aqueridor	noun	oci	acquéreur	noun	fra
comoditat	noun	oci	aise	noun	fra
comoditat	noun	oci	commodité	noun	fra
Lagares	properNoun	oci	Lagares	properNoun	fra
embuscada	noun	oci	embuscade	noun	fra
Ungar	properNoun	oci	Ungar	properNoun	fra
galineta	noun	oci	coccinelle	noun	fra
galineta	noun	oci	gélinotte	noun	fra
L	numeral	oci	L	numeral	fra
Alonso	properNoun	oci	Alonso	properNoun	fra
Juliana	properNoun	oci	Juliana	properNoun	fra
De Maglia	properNoun	oci	De Maglia	properNoun	fra
Giunta	properNoun	oci	Giunta	properNoun	fra
Wood	properNoun	oci	Wood	properNoun	fra
fèbre	noun	oci	fièvre	noun	fra
Kadima	properNoun	oci	Kadima	properNoun	fra
hasti	noun	oci	dégoût	noun	fra
catedrala	noun	oci	cathédrale	noun	fra
idrofòb	adjective	oci	hydrophobe	adjective	fra
devorar	verb	oci	dévorer	verb	fra
invasiu	adjective	oci	invasif	adjective	fra
Quévillon	properNoun	oci	Quévillon	properNoun	fra
batacoa	noun	oci	bergeronnette	noun	fra
batacoa	noun	oci	hochequeue	noun	fra
megawatt	noun	oci	mégawatt	noun	fra
Lavictoire	properNoun	oci	Lavictoire	properNoun	fra
Ballabey	properNoun	oci	Ballabey	properNoun	fra
ONU	noun	oci	ONU	noun	fra
Diouf	properNoun	oci	Diouf	properNoun	fra
deputacion	noun	oci	députation	noun	fra
arbitràriament	adverb	oci	arbitrairement	adverb	fra
voutor	noun	oci	vautour	noun	fra
invalidacion	noun	oci	invalidation	noun	fra
longanha	adjective	oci	lent	adjective	fra
actiu	adjective	oci	actif	adjective	fra
England	properNoun	oci	England	properNoun	fra
captrèir	verb	oci	substituer	verb	fra
mar del Coralh	properNoun	oci	mer de Corail	properNoun	fra
subrecargar	verb	oci	alourdir	verb	fra
subrecargar	verb	oci	surcharger	verb	fra
Garcés	properNoun	oci	Garcés	properNoun	fra
Park	properNoun	oci	Park	properNoun	fra
Dalesio	properNoun	oci	Dalesio	properNoun	fra
Chanel	properNoun	oci	Chanel	properNoun	fra
Emilie	properNoun	oci	Emilie	properNoun	fra
Terrado	properNoun	oci	Terrado	properNoun	fra
Errazti	properNoun	oci	Errazti	properNoun	fra
vent	noun	oci	vent	noun	fra
perilhós	adjective	oci	périlleux	adjective	fra
perilhós	adjective	oci	dangereux	adjective	fra
levat de	preposition	oci	sauf	preposition	fra
Dunkley	properNoun	oci	Dunkley	properNoun	fra
Helder	properNoun	oci	Helder	properNoun	fra
contrarotlat	adjective	oci	contrôlé	adjective	fra
romegar	verb	oci	ronchonner	verb	fra
Nicòla	properNoun	oci	Nicòla	properNoun	fra
animista	noun	oci	animiste	noun	fra
Mercader	properNoun	oci	Mercader	properNoun	fra
pirata	noun	oci	pirate	noun	fra
ion	noun	oci	ion	noun	fra
tornarmai	adverb	oci	de nouveau	adverb	fra
tornarmai	adverb	oci	à nouveau	adverb	fra
Nestor	properNoun	oci	Nestor	properNoun	fra
Finkelstein	properNoun	oci	Finkelstein	properNoun	fra
mòda	noun	oci	mode	noun	fra
mission	noun	oci	mission	noun	fra
Zinoviev	properNoun	oci	Zinoviev	properNoun	fra
Héctor	properNoun	oci	Héctor	properNoun	fra
Mieras	properNoun	oci	Mieras	properNoun	fra
decoratiu	adjective	oci	décoratif	adjective	fra
trevan	noun	oci	spectre	noun	fra
aromaticitat	noun	oci	aromaticité	noun	fra
Medialdea	properNoun	oci	Medialdea	properNoun	fra
Gatti	properNoun	oci	Gatti	properNoun	fra
a son torn	adverb	oci	à son tour	adverb	fra
prospeccion	noun	oci	prospection	noun	fra
Montoro	properNoun	oci	Montoro	properNoun	fra
Esquius	properNoun	oci	Esquius	properNoun	fra
rendre	verb	oci	rendre	verb	fra
fascista	adjective	oci	fasciste	adjective	fra
festival	noun	oci	festival	noun	fra
desmoralizar	verb	oci	démoraliser	verb	fra
brigand	noun	oci	brigand	noun	fra
Flaubert	properNoun	oci	Flaubert	properNoun	fra
Meryl	properNoun	oci	Meryl	properNoun	fra
invulnerable	adjective	oci	invulnérable	adjective	fra
Manchester	properNoun	oci	Manchester	properNoun	fra
Loroño	properNoun	oci	Loroño	properNoun	fra
circonvolucion	noun	oci	circonvolution	noun	fra
aspre	adjective	oci	âcre	adjective	fra
aspre	adjective	oci	âpre	adjective	fra
polarizar	verb	oci	polariser	verb	fra
Prudenci	properNoun	oci	Prudenci	properNoun	fra
Dombrowski	properNoun	oci	Dombrowski	properNoun	fra
cartilatge	noun	oci	cartilage	noun	fra
execrar	verb	oci	exécrer	verb	fra
97n	adjective	oci	97ème	adjective	fra
Shelby	properNoun	oci	Shelby	properNoun	fra
neonazi	adjective	oci	néonazi	adjective	fra
arqueologia	noun	oci	archéologie	noun	fra
espoliacion	noun	oci	spoliation	noun	fra
Wellman	properNoun	oci	Wellman	properNoun	fra
mofa	noun	oci	mousse	noun	fra
Sánchez	properNoun	oci	Sánchez	properNoun	fra
batalhar	verb	oci	batailler	verb	fra
papó	adjective	oci	papouasien	adjective	fra
Davydenko	properNoun	oci	Davydenko	properNoun	fra
chòpa	noun	oci	hutte	noun	fra
McAleese	properNoun	oci	McAleese	properNoun	fra
justament	adverb	oci	justement	adverb	fra
Gore	properNoun	oci	Gore	properNoun	fra
distincion	noun	oci	seigneurie	noun	fra
distincion	noun	oci	distinction	noun	fra
viaducte	noun	oci	viaduc	noun	fra
querèla	noun	oci	querelle	noun	fra
Berruezo	properNoun	oci	Berruezo	properNoun	fra
Botey	properNoun	oci	Botey	properNoun	fra
a l'entorn de	preposition	oci	à l'entour de	preposition	fra
a l'entorn de	preposition	oci	aux environs de	preposition	fra
avenir	verb	oci	advenir	verb	fra
prestacion	noun	oci	performance	noun	fra
prestacion	noun	oci	prestation	noun	fra
mandatat	adjective	oci	mandaté	adjective	fra
anonciar	verb	oci	afficher	verb	fra
anonciar	verb	oci	annoncer	verb	fra
Warner	properNoun	oci	Warner	properNoun	fra
corpulent	adjective	oci	corpulent	adjective	fra
a òrbas	adverb	oci	à l'aveuglette	adverb	fra
Canalias	properNoun	oci	Canalias	properNoun	fra
fragment	noun	oci	fragment	noun	fra
Sarra	properNoun	oci	Sarra	properNoun	fra
pampa	noun	oci	pampa	noun	fra
ubiquitari	adjective	oci	ubiquiste	adjective	fra
recrear	verb	oci	recréer	verb	fra
tranquillament	adverb	oci	tranquillement	adverb	fra
Manciel	properNoun	oci	Manciel	properNoun	fra
Lemerise	properNoun	oci	Lemerise	properNoun	fra
Lapenna	properNoun	oci	Lapenna	properNoun	fra
filogenia	noun	oci	phylogénie	noun	fra
Sidera	properNoun	oci	Sidera	properNoun	fra
muòl	noun	oci	mulet	noun	fra
Justribo	properNoun	oci	Justribo	properNoun	fra
desbocar	verb	oci	déboucher sur	verb	fra
desbocar	verb	oci	aboutir	verb	fra
desbocar	verb	oci	déboucher	verb	fra
mossolina	noun	oci	mousseline	noun	fra
psiquisme	noun	oci	psychisme	noun	fra
centen	noun	oci	centième	noun	fra
vegetacion	noun	oci	végétation	noun	fra
Hu	properNoun	oci	Hu	properNoun	fra
Doran	properNoun	oci	Doran	properNoun	fra
dapasset	adverb	oci	lentement	adverb	fra
chicolat	adjective	oci	chocolat	adjective	fra
Dépôt	properNoun	oci	Dépôt	properNoun	fra
cartograf	noun	oci	cartographe	noun	fra
Coroau	properNoun	oci	Coroau	properNoun	fra
pluviometria	noun	oci	pluviométrie	noun	fra
illa de Clipperton	properNoun	oci	île de Clipperton	properNoun	fra
conflictiu	adjective	oci	conflictif	adjective	fra
Azurmendi	properNoun	oci	Azurmendi	properNoun	fra
Ocón	properNoun	oci	Ocón	properNoun	fra
recalcular	verb	oci	recalculer	verb	fra
guèch	adjective	oci	bigle	adjective	fra
avantatjós	adjective	oci	avantageux	adjective	fra
modelatge	noun	oci	modelage	noun	fra
codificacion	noun	oci	codification	noun	fra
penny	noun	oci	penny	noun	fra
Mosèla	properNoun	oci	Moselle	properNoun	fra
Hammerstein	properNoun	oci	Hammerstein	properNoun	fra
Lillian	properNoun	oci	Lillian	properNoun	fra
trinitat	noun	oci	trinité	noun	fra
febrilitat	noun	oci	fébrilité	noun	fra
Lentisco	properNoun	oci	Lentisco	properNoun	fra
promòure	verb	oci	promouvoir	verb	fra
Gladys	properNoun	oci	Gladys	properNoun	fra
Saurina	properNoun	oci	Saurina	properNoun	fra
grandós	adjective	oci	vaniteux	adjective	fra
menuta	noun	oci	minute	noun	fra
andorran	noun	oci	Andorran	noun	fra
escudariá	noun	oci	écurie	noun	fra
Fresno	properNoun	oci	Fresno	properNoun	fra
recobrar	verb	oci	recouvrer	verb	fra
depuracion	noun	oci	épuration	noun	fra
depuracion	noun	oci	dépuration	noun	fra
Lecha	properNoun	oci	Lecha	properNoun	fra
Miñano	properNoun	oci	Miñano	properNoun	fra
repensar	verb	oci	repenser	verb	fra
esprovar	verb	oci	éprouver	verb	fra
Belony	properNoun	oci	Belony	properNoun	fra
accessòriament	adverb	oci	accessoirement	adverb	fra
Bancells	properNoun	oci	Bancells	properNoun	fra
Santos	properNoun	oci	Santos	properNoun	fra
Margaret	properNoun	oci	Margaret	properNoun	fra
utilitarisme	noun	oci	utilitarisme	noun	fra
Vergara	properNoun	oci	Vergara	properNoun	fra
Robinette	properNoun	oci	Robinette	properNoun	fra
Boyd	properNoun	oci	Boyd	properNoun	fra
Piñeiro	properNoun	oci	Piñeiro	properNoun	fra
asistematicament	adverb	oci	asystématiquement	adverb	fra
molhat	adjective	oci	mouillé	adjective	fra
admirablament	adverb	oci	admirablement	adverb	fra
globalament	adverb	oci	globalement	adverb	fra
transmission	noun	oci	transmission	noun	fra
copant	adjective	oci	coupant	adjective	fra
Ferreira	properNoun	oci	Ferreira	properNoun	fra
Olid	properNoun	oci	Olid	properNoun	fra
monolit	noun	oci	monolithe	noun	fra
Beaurivage	properNoun	oci	Beaurivage	properNoun	fra
Petrella	properNoun	oci	Petrella	properNoun	fra
Ditomasso	properNoun	oci	Ditomasso	properNoun	fra
Théodore	properNoun	oci	Théodore	properNoun	fra
Castelblanco	properNoun	oci	Castelblanco	properNoun	fra
salinitat	noun	oci	salinité	noun	fra
Greaves	properNoun	oci	Greaves	properNoun	fra
sosmarin	noun	oci	sous-marin	noun	fra
Goldberg	properNoun	oci	Goldberg	properNoun	fra
Ivern	properNoun	oci	Ivern	properNoun	fra
teule	noun	oci	tuile	noun	fra
normala	noun	oci	normale	noun	fra
api	noun	oci	céleri	noun	fra
manchet	adjective	oci	manchot	adjective	fra
Owens	properNoun	oci	Owens	properNoun	fra
CEI	noun	oci	CEI	noun	fra
estòfa	noun	oci	étoffe	noun	fra
Ustrell	properNoun	oci	Ustrell	properNoun	fra
preguièra	noun	oci	prière	noun	fra
contagion	noun	oci	contagion	noun	fra
Saëns	properNoun	oci	Saëns	properNoun	fra
Principe	properNoun	oci	Principe	properNoun	fra
bielorús	adjective	oci	biélorusse	adjective	fra
turbuléncia	noun	oci	turbulence	noun	fra
Lucian	properNoun	oci	Lucien	properNoun	fra
Lucian	properNoun	oci	Lucian	properNoun	fra
interjeccion	noun	oci	interjection	noun	fra
unilateralament	adverb	oci	unilatéralement	adverb	fra
Cardenal	properNoun	oci	Cardenal	properNoun	fra
pendolant	adjective	oci	suspendu	adjective	fra
Yargeau	properNoun	oci	Yargeau	properNoun	fra
de Gracia	properNoun	oci	de Gracia	properNoun	fra
contrar	verb	oci	contrer	verb	fra
Bufí	properNoun	oci	Bufí	properNoun	fra
Ally	properNoun	oci	Ally	properNoun	fra
escriptura	noun	oci	écriture	noun	fra
Pallás	properNoun	oci	Pallás	properNoun	fra
Espina	properNoun	oci	Espina	properNoun	fra
Bolaños	properNoun	oci	Bolaños	properNoun	fra
maselièr	noun	oci	boucher	noun	fra
egipcian	adjective	oci	égyptien	adjective	fra
anadiplòsi	noun	oci	anadiplose	noun	fra
Jing	properNoun	oci	Jing	properNoun	fra
Letellier	properNoun	oci	Letellier	properNoun	fra
californian	adjective	oci	californien	adjective	fra
capacitat	adjective	oci	capacité	adjective	fra
Dubé	properNoun	oci	Dubé	properNoun	fra
veus	adjective	oci	veuf	adjective	fra
Cascales	properNoun	oci	Cascales	properNoun	fra
anfòra	noun	oci	amphore	noun	fra
Alaku	properNoun	oci	Alaku	properNoun	fra
Sapir	properNoun	oci	Sapir	properNoun	fra
Montón	properNoun	oci	Montón	properNoun	fra
obsequiós	adjective	oci	obséquieux	adjective	fra
Bonmatí	properNoun	oci	Bonmatí	properNoun	fra
diacronic	adjective	oci	diachronique	adjective	fra
Chambers	properNoun	oci	Chambers	properNoun	fra
Dalton	properNoun	oci	Dalton	properNoun	fra
Arnold	properNoun	oci	Arnold	properNoun	fra
melhor	adverb	oci	mieux	adverb	fra
Milliard	properNoun	oci	Milliard	properNoun	fra
etnografic	adjective	oci	ethnographique	adjective	fra
Tess	properNoun	oci	Tess	properNoun	fra
Ian	properNoun	oci	Ian	properNoun	fra
desvolopament	noun	oci	développement	noun	fra
Parellada	properNoun	oci	Parellada	properNoun	fra
Arcaishon	properNoun	oci	Arcachon	properNoun	fra
uechanta sèt	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-sept	numeral	fra
Beatles	properNoun	oci	Beatles	properNoun	fra
setanta nau	numeral	oci	soixante-dix-neuf	numeral	fra
Bordeleau	properNoun	oci	Bordeleau	properNoun	fra
suberpassar	verb	oci	dépasser	verb	fra
Courteau	properNoun	oci	Courteau	properNoun	fra
Capecchi	properNoun	oci	Capecchi	properNoun	fra
oportunitat	noun	oci	opportunité	noun	fra
oportunitat	noun	oci	occasion	noun	fra
revista	noun	oci	revue	noun	fra
revista	noun	oci	magazine	noun	fra
Fierro	properNoun	oci	Fierro	properNoun	fra
Clapera	properNoun	oci	Clapera	properNoun	fra
persic	adjective	oci	persique	adjective	fra
Elmasri	properNoun	oci	Elmasri	properNoun	fra
imperfièch	adjective	oci	imparfait	adjective	fra
crear	verb	oci	créer	verb	fra
transferiment	noun	oci	transfert	noun	fra
Kathryn	properNoun	oci	Kathryn	properNoun	fra
McArthur	properNoun	oci	McArthur	properNoun	fra
detràs	adverb	oci	derrière	adverb	fra
Mylvaganam	properNoun	oci	Mylvaganam	properNoun	fra
càser	verb	oci	tomber	verb	fra
Océane	properNoun	oci	Océane	properNoun	fra
Jacques	properNoun	oci	Jacques	properNoun	fra
aqueth	pronoun	oci	celui-ci	pronoun	fra
aqueth	pronoun	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aqueth	pronoun	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aqueth	pronoun	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
aqueth	demonstrativePronoun	oci	celui-ci	pronoun	fra
aqueth	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aqueth	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aqueth	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
aqueth	determiner	oci	celui-ci	pronoun	fra
aqueth	determiner	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aqueth	determiner	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aqueth	determiner	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
Galdo	properNoun	oci	Galdo	properNoun	fra
Greer	properNoun	oci	Greer	properNoun	fra
ablucion	noun	oci	ablution	noun	fra
Viladrich	properNoun	oci	Viladrich	properNoun	fra
Yannis	properNoun	oci	Yannis	properNoun	fra
Nòva York	properNoun	oci	New York	properNoun	fra
vivaç	adjective	oci	vivace	adjective	fra
Sant Empèri	properNoun	oci	Saint-Empire	properNoun	fra
totalitarisme	noun	oci	totalitarisme	noun	fra
Kristen	properNoun	oci	Kristen	properNoun	fra
purgatòri	noun	oci	purgatoire	noun	fra
capvirar	verb	oci	renverser	verb	fra
aligatge	noun	oci	alliage	noun	fra
operable	adjective	oci	opérable	adjective	fra
Pernía	properNoun	oci	Pernía	properNoun	fra
veneçolan	noun	oci	Vénézuélien	noun	fra
Selina	properNoun	oci	Selina	properNoun	fra
relativament	adverb	oci	relativement	adverb	fra
trompetista	noun	oci	trompettiste	noun	fra
concau	adjective	oci	concave	adjective	fra
intercession	noun	oci	intercession	noun	fra
subsidiaritat	noun	oci	subsidiarité	noun	fra
jurisprudéncia	noun	oci	jurisprudence	noun	fra
bruèis	adjective	oci	sorcier	adjective	fra
Velarde	properNoun	oci	Velarde	properNoun	fra
Derose	properNoun	oci	Derose	properNoun	fra
mendre	adjective	oci	moindre	adjective	fra
Têtu	properNoun	oci	Têtu	properNoun	fra
projeccion	noun	oci	projection	noun	fra
botar	verb	oci	mettre	verb	fra
botar	verb	oci	bouder	verb	fra
Bertrand	properNoun	oci	Bertrand	properNoun	fra
canadenc	adjective	oci	canadien	adjective	fra
Madagascar	properNoun	oci	Madagascar	properNoun	fra
dèlta	noun	oci	delta	noun	fra
vairat	noun	oci	maquereau	noun	fra
rosegar	verb	oci	ronger	verb	fra
Canefri	properNoun	oci	Canefri	properNoun	fra
carral	noun	oci	chemin	noun	fra
carral	noun	oci	ornière	noun	fra
carral	noun	oci	voie	noun	fra
afront	noun	oci	affront	noun	fra
Deniger	properNoun	oci	Deniger	properNoun	fra
descarat	adjective	oci	insolent	adjective	fra
ressortir	verb	oci	ressortir	verb	fra
ossèt	noun	oci	ossète	noun	fra
constructivitat	noun	oci	constructivité	noun	fra
esgariar	verb	oci	égarer	verb	fra
deféner	verb	oci	défendre	verb	fra
ablatiu	adjective	oci	ablatif	adjective	fra
Rabal	properNoun	oci	Rabal	properNoun	fra
Dustin	properNoun	oci	Dustin	properNoun	fra
Farrarons	properNoun	oci	Farrarons	properNoun	fra
Molet	properNoun	oci	Molet	properNoun	fra
guit	noun	oci	canard	noun	fra
Google	properNoun	oci	Google	properNoun	fra
onda	noun	oci	vague	noun	fra
onda	noun	oci	onde	noun	fra
renàisser	verb	oci	renaître	verb	fra
pretèxt	noun	oci	prétexte	noun	fra
pòrc	noun	oci	porc	noun	fra
Malo	properNoun	oci	Malo	properNoun	fra
quebequés	noun	oci	Québécois	noun	fra
cueisha	noun	oci	cuisse	noun	fra
Esquerra	properNoun	oci	Esquerra	properNoun	fra
Pompeu	properNoun	oci	Pompeu	properNoun	fra
Estats Units d'America	properNoun	oci	États-Unis d'Amérique	properNoun	fra
seminarista	noun	oci	séminariste	noun	fra
Campillo	properNoun	oci	Campillo	properNoun	fra
Patry	properNoun	oci	Patry	properNoun	fra
Holm	properNoun	oci	Holm	properNoun	fra
tèrme	noun	oci	terme	noun	fra
Cataford	properNoun	oci	Cataford	properNoun	fra
malentendent	noun	oci	malentendant	noun	fra
faissista	adjective	oci	fasciste	adjective	fra
Tooktoo	properNoun	oci	Tooktoo	properNoun	fra
Trejo	properNoun	oci	Trejo	properNoun	fra
alfabetic	adjective	oci	alphabétique	adjective	fra
exasperar	verb	oci	exaspérer	verb	fra
veusatge	noun	oci	viduité	noun	fra
veusatge	noun	oci	veuvage	noun	fra
Parés	properNoun	oci	Parés	properNoun	fra
desconéisser	verb	oci	méconnaître	verb	fra
Mélissa	properNoun	oci	Mélissa	properNoun	fra
musicar	verb	oci	musiquer	verb	fra
Tilden	properNoun	oci	Tilden	properNoun	fra
Tercero	properNoun	oci	Tercero	properNoun	fra
animalièr	adjective	oci	animalier	adjective	fra
licenciat	adjective	oci	licencié	adjective	fra
Resa	properNoun	oci	Resa	properNoun	fra
empresonar	verb	oci	emprisonner	verb	fra
Marie-Noëlle	properNoun	oci	Marie-Noëlle	properNoun	fra
Balaguer	properNoun	oci	Balaguer	properNoun	fra
continent	noun	oci	continent	noun	fra
toquelauenc	adjective	oci	tokelauan	adjective	fra
paleolitic	adjective	oci	paléolithique	adjective	fra
Recio	properNoun	oci	Recio	properNoun	fra
Bazan	properNoun	oci	Bazan	properNoun	fra
empèri	noun	oci	empire	noun	fra
Raimond	properNoun	oci	Raimond	properNoun	fra
Raimond	properNoun	oci	Raymond	properNoun	fra
illas Australas	properNoun	oci	îles Australes	properNoun	fra
avitalhar	verb	oci	ravitailler	verb	fra
metric	adjective	oci	métrique	adjective	fra
desaparéisser	verb	oci	disparaître	verb	fra
Adana	properNoun	oci	Adana	properNoun	fra
Boursier	properNoun	oci	Boursier	properNoun	fra
classificador	noun	oci	classificateur	noun	fra
Lecavalier	properNoun	oci	Lecavalier	properNoun	fra
Bourdieu	properNoun	oci	Bourdieu	properNoun	fra
microorganisme	noun	oci	micro-organisme	noun	fra
Arrupe	properNoun	oci	Arrupe	properNoun	fra
Myrand	properNoun	oci	Myrand	properNoun	fra
Vaissier	properNoun	oci	Vaissier	properNoun	fra
sí	adverb	oci	oui	adverb	fra
sí	adverb	oci	si	adverb	fra
lectura	noun	oci	lecture	noun	fra
Ulm	properNoun	oci	Ulm	properNoun	fra
manteniment	noun	oci	entretien	noun	fra
manteniment	noun	oci	maintien	noun	fra
pèrda	noun	oci	perte	noun	fra
Kadjulik	properNoun	oci	Kadjulik	properNoun	fra
antropocentrisme	noun	oci	anthropocentrisme	noun	fra
incessant	adjective	oci	incessant	adjective	fra
victòria	noun	oci	victoire	noun	fra
frequentacion	noun	oci	fréquentation	noun	fra
Picañol	properNoun	oci	Picañol	properNoun	fra
Sebastián	properNoun	oci	Sebastián	properNoun	fra
terapia	noun	oci	thérapie	noun	fra
Canton	properNoun	oci	Canton	properNoun	fra
simptòma	noun	oci	symptôme	noun	fra
Bigorra	properNoun	oci	Bigorra	properNoun	fra
Dantonio	properNoun	oci	Dantonio	properNoun	fra
Léon	properNoun	oci	Léon	properNoun	fra
redobertura	noun	oci	réouverture	noun	fra
classar	verb	oci	classer	verb	fra
plantacion	noun	oci	plantation	noun	fra
Crusat	properNoun	oci	Crusat	properNoun	fra
l'an que ven	adverb	oci	l'année prochaine	adverb	fra
març	noun	oci	mars	noun	fra
azard	noun	oci	aléa	noun	fra
azard	noun	oci	hasard	noun	fra
Diagonal	properNoun	oci	Diagonal	properNoun	fra
Carissa	properNoun	oci	Carissa	properNoun	fra
Clark	properNoun	oci	Clark	properNoun	fra
sequòia	noun	oci	séquoia	noun	fra
truquejar	verb	oci	sonner	verb	fra
Galindo	properNoun	oci	Galindo	properNoun	fra
Dominique	properNoun	oci	Dominique	properNoun	fra
Crowther	properNoun	oci	Crowther	properNoun	fra
Vinhana	properNoun	oci	Vienne	properNoun	fra
aterrissatge	noun	oci	atterrissage	noun	fra
festejar	verb	oci	fêter	verb	fra
autoproclamat	adjective	oci	autoproclamé	adjective	fra
Dumontet	properNoun	oci	Dumontet	properNoun	fra
Tomàs	properNoun	oci	Thomas	properNoun	fra
Tomàs	properNoun	oci	Tomàs	properNoun	fra
cambajon	noun	oci	jambon	noun	fra
Tárrega	properNoun	oci	Tárrega	properNoun	fra
Goma	properNoun	oci	Goma	properNoun	fra
Espel	properNoun	oci	Espel	properNoun	fra
Cuffaro	properNoun	oci	Cuffaro	properNoun	fra
Naya	properNoun	oci	Naya	properNoun	fra
illas Chatham	properNoun	oci	îles Chatham	properNoun	fra
inoportun	adjective	oci	inopportun	adjective	fra
orator	noun	oci	orateur	noun	fra
Tison	properNoun	oci	Tison	properNoun	fra
Giannone	properNoun	oci	Giannone	properNoun	fra
par	adjective	oci	pair	adjective	fra
tractor	noun	oci	tracteur	noun	fra
Gilles	properNoun	oci	Gilles	properNoun	fra
escàndol	noun	oci	scandale	noun	fra
extraccion	noun	oci	extraction	noun	fra
Wendy	properNoun	oci	Wendy	properNoun	fra
impenetrable	adjective	oci	impénétrable	adjective	fra
Seattle	properNoun	oci	Seattle	properNoun	fra
grèuge	noun	oci	grief	noun	fra
Galofré	properNoun	oci	Galofré	properNoun	fra
Borbone	properNoun	oci	Borbone	properNoun	fra
cubrir	verb	oci	couvrir	verb	fra
Zaragocí	properNoun	oci	Zaragocí	properNoun	fra
nipon	adjective	oci	nippon	adjective	fra
Samitier	properNoun	oci	Samitier	properNoun	fra
Andrade	properNoun	oci	Andrade	properNoun	fra
65n	adjective	oci	65ème	adjective	fra
creissença	noun	oci	croissance	noun	fra
Frusciante	properNoun	oci	Frusciante	properNoun	fra
Greenspan	properNoun	oci	Greenspan	properNoun	fra
antireligiós	adjective	oci	antireligieux	adjective	fra
Vertov	properNoun	oci	Vertov	properNoun	fra
Marta	properNoun	oci	Marta	properNoun	fra
Comamala	properNoun	oci	Comamala	properNoun	fra
doçàs	adjective	oci	mièvre	adjective	fra
diplomata	noun	oci	diplomate	noun	fra
Gagnière	properNoun	oci	Gagnière	properNoun	fra
Hepburn	properNoun	oci	Hepburn	properNoun	fra
desvelhar	verb	oci	éveiller	verb	fra
desvelhar	verb	oci	réveiller	verb	fra
acumulador	noun	oci	accumulateur	noun	fra
cinisme	noun	oci	cynisme	noun	fra
5n	adjective	oci	5ème	adjective	fra
proletarizar	verb	oci	prolétariser	verb	fra
adaptar	verb	oci	adapter	verb	fra
agre	noun	oci	levier	noun	fra
Coulibaly	properNoun	oci	Coulibaly	properNoun	fra
aprigondir	verb	oci	approfondir	verb	fra
acaparraire	noun	oci	accapareur	noun	fra
Whitehead	properNoun	oci	Whitehead	properNoun	fra
argument	noun	oci	argument	noun	fra
Lula da Silva	properNoun	oci	Lula da Silva	properNoun	fra
fanal	noun	oci	fanal	noun	fra
piuselatge	noun	oci	pucelage	noun	fra
Wankel	properNoun	oci	Wankel	properNoun	fra
Desgens	properNoun	oci	Desgens	properNoun	fra
Katsav	properNoun	oci	Katsav	properNoun	fra
a gratipautas	adverb	oci	à quatre pattes	adverb	fra
Gaultier	properNoun	oci	Gaultier	properNoun	fra
Comte	properNoun	oci	Comte	properNoun	fra
innat	adjective	oci	inné	adjective	fra
mestièr	noun	oci	métier	noun	fra
obscèn	adjective	oci	obscène	adjective	fra
Roset	properNoun	oci	Roset	properNoun	fra
depénher	verb	oci	dépeindre	verb	fra
complètament	adverb	oci	complètement	adverb	fra
polisemia	noun	oci	polysémie	noun	fra
magnetofòn	noun	oci	magnétophone	noun	fra
deplorar	verb	oci	déplorer	verb	fra
nafra	noun	oci	plaie	noun	fra
nafra	noun	oci	blessure	noun	fra
Felipe	properNoun	oci	Felipe	properNoun	fra
protesista	noun	oci	prothésiste	noun	fra
Mosley	properNoun	oci	Mosley	properNoun	fra
Mendizábal	properNoun	oci	Mendizábal	properNoun	fra
Xandri	properNoun	oci	Xandri	properNoun	fra
saga	noun	oci	saga	noun	fra
brodar	verb	oci	broder	verb	fra
Aracena	properNoun	oci	Aracena	properNoun	fra
Torrado	properNoun	oci	Torrado	properNoun	fra
Aira	properNoun	oci	Aira	properNoun	fra
corona	noun	oci	couronne	noun	fra
alèrta	adjective	oci	alerte	adjective	fra
Tàrraga	properNoun	oci	Tàrraga	properNoun	fra
Gibeault	properNoun	oci	Gibeault	properNoun	fra
nin	noun	oci	nid	noun	fra
Franz	properNoun	oci	Franz	properNoun	fra
Nobel	properNoun	oci	Nobel	properNoun	fra
Sila	properNoun	oci	Sila	properNoun	fra
Béjar	properNoun	oci	Béjar	properNoun	fra
Bo	properNoun	oci	Bo	properNoun	fra
cap e tot	adverb	oci	complètement	adverb	fra
Lafantaisie	properNoun	oci	Lafantaisie	properNoun	fra
Ain	properNoun	oci	Ain	properNoun	fra
logician	adjective	oci	logicien	adjective	fra
seisen	adjective	oci	sixième	adjective	fra
Más	properNoun	oci	Más	properNoun	fra
Lydie	properNoun	oci	Lydie	properNoun	fra
Altimira	properNoun	oci	Altimira	properNoun	fra
serigrafia	noun	oci	sérigraphie	noun	fra
Idaho	properNoun	oci	Idaho	properNoun	fra
Capel	properNoun	oci	Capel	properNoun	fra
ciutadèla	noun	oci	citadelle	noun	fra
Carnicer	properNoun	oci	Carnicer	properNoun	fra
Janis	properNoun	oci	Janis	properNoun	fra
platèl	noun	oci	plateau	noun	fra
Arriaza	properNoun	oci	Arriaza	properNoun	fra
nasilhaire	adjective	oci	nasillard	adjective	fra
Désirée	properNoun	oci	Désirée	properNoun	fra
golut	noun	oci	goulu	noun	fra
Mercedes-Benz	properNoun	oci	Mercedes-Benz	properNoun	fra
prumèrament	adverb	oci	tout d'abord	adverb	fra
prumèrament	adverb	oci	d'abord	adverb	fra
Android	properNoun	oci	Android	properNoun	fra
Elissa	properNoun	oci	Elissa	properNoun	fra
Carme	properNoun	oci	Carme	properNoun	fra
Guia	properNoun	oci	Guia	properNoun	fra
Barciela	properNoun	oci	Barciela	properNoun	fra
avitalhament	noun	oci	ravitaillement	noun	fra
Iñíguez	properNoun	oci	Iñíguez	properNoun	fra
delicat	adjective	oci	délicat	adjective	fra
gos	adjective	oci	chien	adjective	fra
saunei	noun	oci	rêve	noun	fra
immortalitat	noun	oci	immortalité	noun	fra
eiretar	verb	oci	hériter	verb	fra
Granell	properNoun	oci	Granell	properNoun	fra
Nauta Garona	properNoun	oci	Haute-Garonne	properNoun	fra
escassetat	noun	oci	rareté	noun	fra
Solanellas	properNoun	oci	Solanellas	properNoun	fra
trirema	noun	oci	trière	noun	fra
bòsc	noun	oci	bois	noun	fra
bòsc	noun	oci	forêt	noun	fra
bòsc	noun	oci	futaie	noun	fra
intuicion	noun	oci	intuition	noun	fra
omanita	noun	oci	Omanais	noun	fra
Tanner	properNoun	oci	Tanner	properNoun	fra
promessa	noun	oci	promesse	noun	fra
bifurcacion	noun	oci	bifurcation	noun	fra
caladat	noun	oci	pavé	noun	fra
Caracas	properNoun	oci	Caracas	properNoun	fra
respòsta	noun	oci	réponse	noun	fra
von Lobdeburg	properNoun	oci	von Lobdeburg	properNoun	fra
Spinali	properNoun	oci	Spinali	properNoun	fra
aventurièr	noun	oci	aventurier	noun	fra
nívol	noun	oci	nuage	noun	fra
Comtois	properNoun	oci	Comtois	properNoun	fra
Aurrekoetxea	properNoun	oci	Aurrekoetxea	properNoun	fra
Wawatie	properNoun	oci	Wawatie	properNoun	fra
Collerette	properNoun	oci	Collerette	properNoun	fra
tenent compte de	preposition	oci	compte tenu de	preposition	fra
Coallier	properNoun	oci	Coallier	properNoun	fra
Morató	properNoun	oci	Morató	properNoun	fra
Bonjoch	properNoun	oci	Bonjoch	properNoun	fra
cent	noun	oci	cent	noun	fra
desertificacion	noun	oci	désertification	noun	fra
important	adjective	oci	important	adjective	fra
argèla	noun	oci	argile	noun	fra
placentari	adjective	oci	placentaire	adjective	fra
peloton	noun	oci	peloton	noun	fra
piuse	noun	oci	puce	noun	fra
Metro-Goldwin-Mayer	properNoun	oci	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer	properNoun	fra
linfatic	adjective	oci	lymphatique	adjective	fra
Dumbledore	properNoun	oci	Dumbledore	properNoun	fra
chifrar	verb	oci	calculer	verb	fra
chifrar	verb	oci	chiffrer	verb	fra
glandola	noun	oci	glande	noun	fra
Dutrisac	properNoun	oci	Dutrisac	properNoun	fra
islamizar	verb	oci	islamiser	verb	fra
frenetic	adjective	oci	frénétique	adjective	fra
prostrar	verb	oci	prostrer	verb	fra
messorguièr	noun	oci	menteur	noun	fra
evolucion	noun	oci	évolution	noun	fra
viatjaire	adjective	oci	voyageur	adjective	fra
envers	preposition	oci	envers	preposition	fra
ABS	noun	oci	ABS	noun	fra
Gyurcsany	properNoun	oci	Gyurcsany	properNoun	fra
Garrigó	properNoun	oci	Garrigó	properNoun	fra
sociològue	noun	oci	sociologue	noun	fra
Golda	properNoun	oci	Golda	properNoun	fra
orèl	noun	oci	ourlet	noun	fra
braga	noun	oci	pantalon	noun	fra
mite	noun	oci	mythe	noun	fra
Coulombel	properNoun	oci	Coulombel	properNoun	fra
Marqués	properNoun	oci	Marqués	properNoun	fra
oleoducte	noun	oci	oléoduc	noun	fra
Annick	properNoun	oci	Annick	properNoun	fra
inclinason	noun	oci	inclinaison	noun	fra
Rider	properNoun	oci	Rider	properNoun	fra
mediòcre	adjective	oci	médiocre	adjective	fra
Olivièr	properNoun	oci	Olivièr	properNoun	fra
cafè	noun	oci	café	noun	fra
United	properNoun	oci	United	properNoun	fra
83n	adjective	oci	83ème	adjective	fra
complicacion	noun	oci	complication	noun	fra
Huffman	properNoun	oci	Huffman	properNoun	fra
Perez	properNoun	oci	Perez	properNoun	fra
Stanislavski	properNoun	oci	Stanislavski	properNoun	fra
Mallais	properNoun	oci	Mallais	properNoun	fra
Quesnel	properNoun	oci	Quesnel	properNoun	fra
pelenc	noun	oci	pelouse	noun	fra
pelenc	noun	oci	gazon	noun	fra
Malyar	properNoun	oci	Malyar	properNoun	fra
Kerry	properNoun	oci	Kerry	properNoun	fra
de Gràcia	properNoun	oci	de Gràcia	properNoun	fra
Aldazabal	properNoun	oci	Aldazabal	properNoun	fra
un shinhau	adverb	oci	un peu	adverb	fra
recomanacion	noun	oci	recommandation	noun	fra
pedaç	noun	oci	guenille	noun	fra
pedaç	noun	oci	chiffon	noun	fra
pedaç	noun	oci	haillon	noun	fra
Escola	properNoun	oci	Escola	properNoun	fra
folastre	adjective	oci	folâtre	adjective	fra
sistòla	noun	oci	systole	noun	fra
indicatiu	adjective	oci	indicatif	adjective	fra
micronesian	adjective	oci	micronésien	adjective	fra
Achútegui	properNoun	oci	Achútegui	properNoun	fra
Prieur	properNoun	oci	Prieur	properNoun	fra
de Carvalho	properNoun	oci	de Carvalho	properNoun	fra
Courbet	properNoun	oci	Courbet	properNoun	fra
congolés	adjective	oci	congolais	adjective	fra
Emma	properNoun	oci	Emma	properNoun	fra
Andrea	properNoun	oci	Andrea	properNoun	fra
pissar	verb	oci	pisser	verb	fra
Kimberley	properNoun	oci	Kimberley	properNoun	fra
argotic	adjective	oci	argotique	adjective	fra
Menchov	properNoun	oci	Menchov	properNoun	fra
eissarpa	noun	oci	écharpe	noun	fra
trebalhar	verb	oci	travailler	verb	fra
trebalhar	verb	oci	bosser	verb	fra
Mattel	properNoun	oci	Mattel	properNoun	fra
regular	adjective	oci	régulier	adjective	fra
tabagisme	noun	oci	tabagisme	noun	fra
von Boetticher	properNoun	oci	von Boetticher	properNoun	fra
darrièrament	adverb	oci	dernièrement	adverb	fra
cadièra	noun	oci	chaise	noun	fra
cadièra	noun	oci	chaire	noun	fra
disposicion	noun	oci	disposition	noun	fra
mesura	noun	oci	mesure	noun	fra
vida	noun	oci	vie	noun	fra
Daly	properNoun	oci	Daly	properNoun	fra
calorimetria	noun	oci	calorimétrie	noun	fra
terminologia	noun	oci	terminologie	noun	fra
surge	noun	oci	suint	noun	fra
flaire	noun	oci	odorat	noun	fra
flaire	noun	oci	flair	noun	fra
Bagó	properNoun	oci	Bagó	properNoun	fra
roman	noun	oci	Romain	noun	fra
roman	noun	oci	roman	noun	fra
de Blas	properNoun	oci	de Blas	properNoun	fra
torista	noun	oci	touriste	noun	fra
sentiment	noun	oci	sentiment	noun	fra
ris	noun	oci	riz	noun	fra
naissença	noun	oci	naissance	noun	fra
tombèl	noun	oci	tombeau	noun	fra
semantic	adjective	oci	sémantique	adjective	fra
Fujimori	properNoun	oci	Fujimori	properNoun	fra
Kim	properNoun	oci	Kim	properNoun	fra
engerdar	verb	oci	effrayer	verb	fra
DirectX	properNoun	oci	DirectX	properNoun	fra
crestian	adjective	oci	chrétien	adjective	fra
Bazin	properNoun	oci	Bazin	properNoun	fra
Eusebio	properNoun	oci	Eusebio	properNoun	fra
Gillian	properNoun	oci	Gillian	properNoun	fra
Perbòsc	properNoun	oci	Perbòsc	properNoun	fra
Garrigo	properNoun	oci	Garrigo	properNoun	fra
Otan	properNoun	oci	Otan	properNoun	fra
teocracia	noun	oci	théocratie	noun	fra
Adjei	properNoun	oci	Adjei	properNoun	fra
Mateos	properNoun	oci	Mateos	properNoun	fra
prior	noun	oci	prieur	noun	fra
antropic	adjective	oci	anthropique	adjective	fra
AALO	noun	oci	AALO	noun	fra
realitat	noun	oci	réalité	noun	fra
Donna	properNoun	oci	Donna	properNoun	fra
panamerican	adjective	oci	panaméricain	adjective	fra
Carril	properNoun	oci	Carril	properNoun	fra
Vallespín	properNoun	oci	Vallespín	properNoun	fra
Kassab	properNoun	oci	Kassab	properNoun	fra
Cleopatra	properNoun	oci	Cléopâtre	properNoun	fra
Ulvaeus	properNoun	oci	Ulvaeus	properNoun	fra
Elkaim	properNoun	oci	Elkaim	properNoun	fra
Rao	properNoun	oci	Rao	properNoun	fra
Guillen	properNoun	oci	Guillen	properNoun	fra
romantisme	noun	oci	romantisme	noun	fra
Bergaretxe	properNoun	oci	Bergaretxe	properNoun	fra
Telekom	properNoun	oci	Telekom	properNoun	fra
estonar	verb	oci	étonner	verb	fra
ueitanta un	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-un	numeral	fra
cantar	verb	oci	chanter	verb	fra
pedestal	noun	oci	piédestal	noun	fra
Caissy	properNoun	oci	Caissy	properNoun	fra
a bon drech anar	adverb	oci	à juste titre	adverb	fra
dualitat	noun	oci	dualité	noun	fra
estandard	adjective	oci	standard	adjective	fra
Salvo	properNoun	oci	Salvo	properNoun	fra
version	noun	oci	version	noun	fra
ambaissador	adjective	oci	ambassadeur	adjective	fra
Tsahal	properNoun	oci	Tsahal	properNoun	fra
Dalfinat	properNoun	oci	Dauphiné	properNoun	fra
Buist	properNoun	oci	Buist	properNoun	fra
CAF	noun	oci	CAF	noun	fra
orriblament	adverb	oci	horriblement	adverb	fra
Estellés	properNoun	oci	Estellés	properNoun	fra
Bayes	properNoun	oci	Bayes	properNoun	fra
Wallace	properNoun	oci	Wallace	properNoun	fra
Boutin	properNoun	oci	Boutin	properNoun	fra
inculpar	verb	oci	inculper	verb	fra
judo	noun	oci	judo	noun	fra
Lucie	properNoun	oci	Lucie	properNoun	fra
embandiment	noun	oci	bannissement	noun	fra
Siena	properNoun	oci	Siena	properNoun	fra
Chornobyl	properNoun	oci	Tchernobyl	properNoun	fra
drapèu	noun	oci	drapeau	noun	fra
coquèla	noun	oci	cocotte	noun	fra
toscan	adjective	oci	toscan	adjective	fra
Albalat	properNoun	oci	Albalat	properNoun	fra
manlèu	noun	oci	emprunt	noun	fra
Magaña	properNoun	oci	Magaña	properNoun	fra
dimenge	noun	oci	dimanche	noun	fra
Maurici	properNoun	oci	Maurice	properNoun	fra
Maurici	properNoun	oci	Maurici	properNoun	fra
dauarar	verb	oci	baisser	verb	fra
dauarar	verb	oci	abaisser	verb	fra
dauarar	verb	oci	descendre	verb	fra
Morvan	properNoun	oci	Morvan	properNoun	fra
penetrant	adjective	oci	pénétrant	adjective	fra
Marcia	properNoun	oci	Marcia	properNoun	fra
olfactiu	adjective	oci	olfactif	adjective	fra
prunèla	noun	oci	pupille	noun	fra
prelevar	verb	oci	prélever	verb	fra
centrista	adjective	oci	centriste	adjective	fra
estriar	verb	oci	strier	verb	fra
bima	noun	oci	taure	noun	fra
teocratisme	noun	oci	théocratisme	noun	fra
Pellejero	properNoun	oci	Pellejero	properNoun	fra
umanament	adverb	oci	humainement	adverb	fra
Yushchenko	properNoun	oci	Yushchenko	properNoun	fra
Antunez	properNoun	oci	Antunez	properNoun	fra
Toni	properNoun	oci	Toni	properNoun	fra
quilomètre	noun	oci	kilomètre	noun	fra
Hausdorff	properNoun	oci	Hausdorff	properNoun	fra
Dimitrov	properNoun	oci	Dimitrov	properNoun	fra
Aigle	properNoun	oci	Aigle	properNoun	fra
Torrés	properNoun	oci	Torrés	properNoun	fra
Penderecki	properNoun	oci	Penderecki	properNoun	fra
Meléndez	properNoun	oci	Meléndez	properNoun	fra
mestrejar	verb	oci	maîtriser	verb	fra
mestrejar	verb	oci	dominer	verb	fra
febrièr	noun	oci	février	noun	fra
Yassine	properNoun	oci	Yassine	properNoun	fra
Barba	properNoun	oci	Barba	properNoun	fra
Lawton	properNoun	oci	Lawton	properNoun	fra
luteranisme	noun	oci	luthéranisme	noun	fra
Hage	properNoun	oci	Hage	properNoun	fra
Mazon	properNoun	oci	Mazon	properNoun	fra
poèta	noun	oci	poète	noun	fra
Pueyo	properNoun	oci	Pueyo	properNoun	fra
encrena	noun	oci	entaille	noun	fra
sospirar	verb	oci	soupirer	verb	fra
Synnett	properNoun	oci	Synnett	properNoun	fra
Matarín	properNoun	oci	Matarín	properNoun	fra
Blas	properNoun	oci	Blas	properNoun	fra
Porras	properNoun	oci	Porras	properNoun	fra
acusaire	noun	oci	accusateur	noun	fra
Gabi	properNoun	oci	Gabi	properNoun	fra
Gladstone	properNoun	oci	Gladstone	properNoun	fra
excitant	adjective	oci	excitant	adjective	fra
Campeau	properNoun	oci	Campeau	properNoun	fra
estrident	adjective	oci	strident	adjective	fra
fèrre	noun	oci	fer	noun	fra
amnesia	noun	oci	amnésie	noun	fra
infidèu	adjective	oci	infidèle	adjective	fra
Langa	properNoun	oci	Langa	properNoun	fra
Rob	properNoun	oci	Rob	properNoun	fra
mecenat	noun	oci	mécénat	noun	fra
ortodòx	noun	oci	orthodoxe	noun	fra
Song	properNoun	oci	Song	properNoun	fra
exterior	noun	oci	extérieur	noun	fra
mautractar	verb	oci	maltraiter	verb	fra
tanlèu que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	si tôt que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Loïsiana	properNoun	oci	Louisiane	properNoun	fra
mossèn	noun	oci	père	noun	fra
revendicatiu	adjective	oci	revendicatif	adjective	fra
seissanta un	numeral	oci	soixante-et-un	numeral	fra
seissanta un	numeral	oci	soixante et un	numeral	fra
Altemir	properNoun	oci	Altemir	properNoun	fra
Goodwin	properNoun	oci	Goodwin	properNoun	fra
pigmentacion	noun	oci	pigmentation	noun	fra
reconvertir	verb	oci	reconvertir	verb	fra
aiguièra	noun	oci	rigole	noun	fra
aiguièra	noun	oci	évier	noun	fra
regulacion	noun	oci	régulation	noun	fra
regulacion	noun	oci	regulation	noun	fra
Anita	properNoun	oci	Anita	properNoun	fra
rat	noun	oci	rat	noun	fra
Marroquin	properNoun	oci	Marroquin	properNoun	fra
psicologicament	adverb	oci	psychologiquement	adverb	fra
indisposicion	noun	oci	indisposition	noun	fra
Suqué	properNoun	oci	Suqué	properNoun	fra
espés	adjective	oci	épais	adjective	fra
trasladar	verb	oci	déplacer	verb	fra
Bonita	properNoun	oci	Bonita	properNoun	fra
Sapiéncia	properNoun	oci	Sapiéncia	properNoun	fra
molon	noun	oci	tas	noun	fra
diablariá	noun	oci	diablerie	noun	fra
basofil	adjective	oci	basophile	adjective	fra
Bahamas	properNoun	oci	Bahamas	properNoun	fra
Kroeber	properNoun	oci	Kroeber	properNoun	fra
Cuadros	properNoun	oci	Cuadros	properNoun	fra
compte	noun	oci	compte	noun	fra
Cosculluela	properNoun	oci	Cosculluela	properNoun	fra
ideologic	adjective	oci	idéologique	adjective	fra
Vaquèira Beret	properNoun	oci	Vaquèira Beret	properNoun	fra
jornalament	adverb	oci	journellement	adverb	fra
maigror	noun	oci	maigreur	noun	fra
von Däniken	properNoun	oci	von Däniken	properNoun	fra
Bocconi	properNoun	oci	Bocconi	properNoun	fra
vaselina	noun	oci	vaseline	noun	fra
upa	noun	oci	huppe	noun	fra
Closa	properNoun	oci	Closa	properNoun	fra
Airoldi	properNoun	oci	Airoldi	properNoun	fra
instrumentacion	noun	oci	instrumentation	noun	fra
von François	properNoun	oci	von François	properNoun	fra
Ur	properNoun	oci	Ur	properNoun	fra
intrinsec	adjective	oci	intrinsèque	adjective	fra
en	pronoun	oci	en	pronoun	fra
Chicano	properNoun	oci	Chicano	properNoun	fra
exilh	noun	oci	exil	noun	fra
ipotetic	adjective	oci	hypothétique	adjective	fra
Cerezo	properNoun	oci	Cerezo	properNoun	fra
basuto	adjective	oci	lésothien	adjective	fra
basuto	adjective	oci	lésothan	adjective	fra
Pinilla	properNoun	oci	Pinilla	properNoun	fra
Sévigny	properNoun	oci	Sévigny	properNoun	fra
apilotar	verb	oci	empiler	verb	fra
difús	adjective	oci	diffus	adjective	fra
Escoriza	properNoun	oci	Escoriza	properNoun	fra
gentilastre	noun	oci	hobereau	noun	fra
Alhama	properNoun	oci	Alhama	properNoun	fra
Danièla	properNoun	oci	Danièla	properNoun	fra
en çò que toque a	preposition	oci	en ce qui concerne	preposition	fra
en çò que toque a	preposition	oci	quant à	preposition	fra
en çò que toque a	preposition	oci	pour ce qui est de	preposition	fra
Cattaneo	properNoun	oci	Cattaneo	properNoun	fra
descompressar	verb	oci	décompresser	verb	fra
Abbondanzieri	properNoun	oci	Abbondanzieri	properNoun	fra
Olaria	properNoun	oci	Olaria	properNoun	fra
matin	noun	oci	matin	noun	fra
ermetic	adjective	oci	hermétique	adjective	fra
Fafard	properNoun	oci	Fafard	properNoun	fra
anisotropia	noun	oci	anisotropie	noun	fra
anticatalanista	adjective	oci	anticatalaniste	adjective	fra
Francesc	properNoun	oci	Francesc	properNoun	fra
televisor	noun	oci	téléviseur	noun	fra
televisor	noun	oci	télévision	noun	fra
Macron	properNoun	oci	Macron	properNoun	fra
Dukakis	properNoun	oci	Dukakis	properNoun	fra
Puñet	properNoun	oci	Puñet	properNoun	fra
Élément	properNoun	oci	Élément	properNoun	fra
Gálvez	properNoun	oci	Gálvez	properNoun	fra
Perriguey	properNoun	oci	Perriguey	properNoun	fra
autopista	noun	oci	autoroute	noun	fra
Jorge	properNoun	oci	Jorge	properNoun	fra
Nicholas	properNoun	oci	Nicholas	properNoun	fra
existir	verb	oci	exister	verb	fra
franciscan	adjective	oci	franciscain	adjective	fra
Naranjo	properNoun	oci	Naranjo	properNoun	fra
catalanofil	adjective	oci	catalanophile	adjective	fra
Cristaldi	properNoun	oci	Cristaldi	properNoun	fra
Herrera	properNoun	oci	Herrera	properNoun	fra
dauridament	adverb	oci	ouvertement	adverb	fra
Dimas	properNoun	oci	Dimas	properNoun	fra
islamofobia	noun	oci	islamophobie	noun	fra
St-Amour	properNoun	oci	St-Amour	properNoun	fra
Trièste	properNoun	oci	Trieste	properNoun	fra
Enni	properNoun	oci	Enni	properNoun	fra
Beaskoetxea	properNoun	oci	Beaskoetxea	properNoun	fra
Edery	properNoun	oci	Edery	properNoun	fra
Nadia	properNoun	oci	Nadia	properNoun	fra
Haydn	properNoun	oci	Haydn	properNoun	fra
inercia	noun	oci	inertie	noun	fra
Gaudio	properNoun	oci	Gaudio	properNoun	fra
cap	pronoun	oci	aucun	pronoun	fra
Puente	properNoun	oci	Puente	properNoun	fra
mar grana	noun	oci	océan	noun	fra
rupestre	adjective	oci	rupestre	adjective	fra
segons	preposition	oci	selon	preposition	fra
segons	preposition	oci	au dire de	preposition	fra
Tucker	properNoun	oci	Tucker	properNoun	fra
recomençar	verb	oci	recommencer	verb	fra
Monast	properNoun	oci	Monast	properNoun	fra
bizantin	noun	oci	Byzantin	noun	fra
bizantin	noun	oci	byzantin	noun	fra
menor	adjective	oci	mineur	adjective	fra
Wicks	properNoun	oci	Wicks	properNoun	fra
lideratge	noun	oci	leadership	noun	fra
amic	adjective	oci	ami	adjective	fra
pendule	noun	oci	pendule	noun	fra
Lim	properNoun	oci	Lim	properNoun	fra
esternudament	noun	oci	éternuement	noun	fra
Garnett	properNoun	oci	Garnett	properNoun	fra
mutacion	noun	oci	mutation	noun	fra
panafrican	adjective	oci	panafricain	adjective	fra
arrir	verb	oci	rire	verb	fra
canoa	noun	oci	canoë	noun	fra
preïstoric	adjective	oci	préhistorique	adjective	fra
Kasparov	properNoun	oci	Kasparov	properNoun	fra
Pozuelo	properNoun	oci	Pozuelo	properNoun	fra
Pujolrás	properNoun	oci	Pujolrás	properNoun	fra
Polonio	properNoun	oci	Polonio	properNoun	fra
empatic	adjective	oci	empathique	adjective	fra
mutinariá	noun	oci	mutinerie	noun	fra
etnicitat	noun	oci	ethnicité	noun	fra
Pietracupa	properNoun	oci	Pietracupa	properNoun	fra
repatriar	verb	oci	rapatrier	verb	fra
Moffatt	properNoun	oci	Moffatt	properNoun	fra
carn	noun	oci	chair	noun	fra
carn	noun	oci	viande	noun	fra
Rísquez	properNoun	oci	Rísquez	properNoun	fra
Alzamora	properNoun	oci	Alzamora	properNoun	fra
aquerir	verb	oci	acquérir	verb	fra
Gaillardetz	properNoun	oci	Gaillardetz	properNoun	fra
escobilhas	noun	oci	balayure	noun	fra
Cassatt	properNoun	oci	Cassatt	properNoun	fra
teisseire	noun	oci	tisserand	noun	fra
Maquiavel	properNoun	oci	Maquiavel	properNoun	fra
Hermione	properNoun	oci	Hermione	properNoun	fra
UICN	noun	oci	UICN	noun	fra
Perea	properNoun	oci	Perea	properNoun	fra
cocòta	noun	oci	cocotte	noun	fra
milionari	noun	oci	millionnaire	noun	fra
Roulier	properNoun	oci	Roulier	properNoun	fra
aeronautic	adjective	oci	aéronautique	adjective	fra
grand	adjective	oci	grand	adjective	fra
distingir	verb	oci	distinguer	verb	fra
Danubi	properNoun	oci	Danube	properNoun	fra
Da Silva	properNoun	oci	Da Silva	properNoun	fra
Arbaoui	properNoun	oci	Arbaoui	properNoun	fra
Gallo	properNoun	oci	Gallo	properNoun	fra
implant	noun	oci	implant	noun	fra
perovian	noun	oci	Péruvien	noun	fra
Basse-Terre	properNoun	oci	Basse-Terre	properNoun	fra
abitud	noun	oci	habitude	noun	fra
Lacasa	properNoun	oci	Lacasa	properNoun	fra
martèl	noun	oci	marteau	noun	fra
Mansour	properNoun	oci	Mansour	properNoun	fra
Legendre	properNoun	oci	Legendre	properNoun	fra
internacionalament	adverb	oci	internationalement	adverb	fra
targa	noun	oci	targe	noun	fra
desclassificacion	noun	oci	déclassification	noun	fra
autonomia	noun	oci	autonomie	noun	fra
avenent	adjective	oci	avenant	adjective	fra
avenent	adjective	oci	affable	adjective	fra
Paillé	properNoun	oci	Paillé	properNoun	fra
Caisse	properNoun	oci	Caisse	properNoun	fra
filosofic	adjective	oci	philosophique	adjective	fra
Einstein	properNoun	oci	Einstein	properNoun	fra
Horkheimer	properNoun	oci	Horkheimer	properNoun	fra
nutritiu	adjective	oci	nutritif	adjective	fra
Alagarda	properNoun	oci	Alagarda	properNoun	fra
McGregor	properNoun	oci	McGregor	properNoun	fra
Sepulveda	properNoun	oci	Sepulveda	properNoun	fra
Steve	properNoun	oci	Steve	properNoun	fra
Romanilha	properNoun	oci	Roumanille	properNoun	fra
reforçar	verb	oci	renforcer	verb	fra
reforçar	verb	oci	conforter	verb	fra
condicion	noun	oci	condition	noun	fra
annadit	adjective	oci	âgé	adjective	fra
armonic	adjective	oci	harmonique	adjective	fra
gratacèl	noun	oci	gratte-ciel	noun	fra
indicacion	noun	oci	indication	noun	fra
Verger	properNoun	oci	Verger	properNoun	fra
memento	noun	oci	mémento	noun	fra
Urraca	properNoun	oci	Urraca	properNoun	fra
Yang	properNoun	oci	Yang	properNoun	fra
Philip	properNoun	oci	Philip	properNoun	fra
Mayolas	properNoun	oci	Mayolas	properNoun	fra
Le Havre	properNoun	oci	Le Havre	properNoun	fra
ortografiar	verb	oci	orthographier	verb	fra
insondable	adjective	oci	insondable	adjective	fra
Roy	properNoun	oci	Roy	properNoun	fra
reinstallar	verb	oci	réinstaller	verb	fra
Carvalho	properNoun	oci	Carvalho	properNoun	fra
Pola	properNoun	oci	Pola	properNoun	fra
puòg	noun	oci	colline	noun	fra
Juaristi	properNoun	oci	Juaristi	properNoun	fra
amagatal	noun	oci	cachette	noun	fra
Pidla	properNoun	oci	Pidla	properNoun	fra
ortiga	noun	oci	ortie	noun	fra
Edmílson	properNoun	oci	Edmílson	properNoun	fra
optica	noun	oci	optique	noun	fra
PRAG	noun	oci	PRAG	noun	fra
bioclimatologia	noun	oci	bioclimatologie	noun	fra
cronicaire	noun	oci	chroniqueur	noun	fra
Caucàs	properNoun	oci	Caucase	properNoun	fra
miaular	verb	oci	miauler	verb	fra
Hartley	properNoun	oci	Hartley	properNoun	fra
Morache	properNoun	oci	Morache	properNoun	fra
profièch	noun	oci	profit	noun	fra
inconscientament	adverb	oci	inconsciemment	adverb	fra
selenita	noun	oci	sélénite	noun	fra
prediccion	noun	oci	prédiction	noun	fra
paire	noun	oci	père	noun	fra
ingestion	noun	oci	ingestion	noun	fra
diptic	noun	oci	diptyque	noun	fra
revòlta	noun	oci	révolte	noun	fra
Carrasquer	properNoun	oci	Carrasquer	properNoun	fra
Bergevin	properNoun	oci	Bergevin	properNoun	fra
Shakespeare	properNoun	oci	Shakespeare	properNoun	fra
utilitat	noun	oci	utilité	noun	fra
Demosthène	properNoun	oci	Demosthène	properNoun	fra
Morais	properNoun	oci	Morais	properNoun	fra
Pizarro	properNoun	oci	Pizarro	properNoun	fra
Clavero	properNoun	oci	Clavero	properNoun	fra
inseparabilitat	noun	oci	inséparabilité	noun	fra
Aylwin	properNoun	oci	Aylwin	properNoun	fra
mimòsa	noun	oci	mimosa	noun	fra
mejançant	preposition	oci	au moyen de	preposition	fra
mejançant	preposition	oci	moyennant	preposition	fra
Cyrenne	properNoun	oci	Cyrenne	properNoun	fra
èrm	adjective	oci	désert	adjective	fra
per ara	adverb	oci	pour l'instant	adverb	fra
Melanie	properNoun	oci	Melanie	properNoun	fra
Lance	properNoun	oci	Lance	properNoun	fra
quimèra	noun	oci	chimère	noun	fra
accessorista	adjective	oci	accessoiriste	adjective	fra
atraccion	noun	oci	attraction	noun	fra
amator	noun	oci	amateur	noun	fra
marit	noun	oci	mari	noun	fra
marit	noun	oci	homme	noun	fra
vivéncia	noun	oci	expérience	noun	fra
desqualificacion	noun	oci	disqualification	noun	fra
cometa	noun	oci	comète	noun	fra
Olivella	properNoun	oci	Olivella	properNoun	fra
edart	noun	oci	hasard	noun	fra
navegador	adjective	oci	navigateur	adjective	fra
atrigar	verb	oci	tarder	verb	fra
Amela	properNoun	oci	Amela	properNoun	fra
Ganley	properNoun	oci	Ganley	properNoun	fra
Etapp	properNoun	oci	Etapp	properNoun	fra
autoretrait	noun	oci	autoportrait	noun	fra
batre	verb	oci	battre	verb	fra
Gaizka	properNoun	oci	Gaizka	properNoun	fra
acomolar	verb	oci	accumuler	verb	fra
nòu	numeral	oci	neuf	numeral	fra
Ralph	properNoun	oci	Ralph	properNoun	fra
retrobar	verb	oci	retrouver	verb	fra
piemontés	noun	oci	piémontais	noun	fra
Levasseur	properNoun	oci	Levasseur	properNoun	fra
legislatiu	adjective	oci	législatif	adjective	fra
Benavent	properNoun	oci	Benavent	properNoun	fra
invertir	verb	oci	investir	verb	fra
invertir	verb	oci	inverser	verb	fra
McMahon	properNoun	oci	McMahon	properNoun	fra
Théroux	properNoun	oci	Théroux	properNoun	fra
existéncia	noun	oci	existence	noun	fra
versificacion	noun	oci	versification	noun	fra
Suazo	properNoun	oci	Suazo	properNoun	fra
batèl	noun	oci	bateau	noun	fra
subversiu	adjective	oci	subversif	adjective	fra
desafiar	verb	oci	défier	verb	fra
Mármol	properNoun	oci	Mármol	properNoun	fra
pèrla	noun	oci	perle	noun	fra
verdicte	noun	oci	verdict	noun	fra
fotosensible	adjective	oci	photosensible	adjective	fra
potestat	noun	oci	puissance	noun	fra
Steinbeck	properNoun	oci	Steinbeck	properNoun	fra
capitular	verb	oci	capituler	verb	fra
Garasa	properNoun	oci	Garasa	properNoun	fra
Laniel	properNoun	oci	Laniel	properNoun	fra
Draghi	properNoun	oci	Draghi	properNoun	fra
O'Mahony	properNoun	oci	O'Mahony	properNoun	fra
Tubella	properNoun	oci	Tubella	properNoun	fra
recessiu	adjective	oci	récessif	adjective	fra
bleçat	adjective	oci	blessé	adjective	fra
Mota	properNoun	oci	Mota	properNoun	fra
despotisme	noun	oci	despotisme	noun	fra
convèxe	adjective	oci	convexe	adjective	fra
sinagòga	noun	oci	synagogue	noun	fra
Clemente	properNoun	oci	Clemente	properNoun	fra
queisha	noun	oci	plainte	noun	fra
SPV	noun	oci	SPV	noun	fra
Danjou	properNoun	oci	Danjou	properNoun	fra
telecargament	noun	oci	téléchargement	noun	fra
teoricament	adverb	oci	théoriquement	adverb	fra
linhòl	noun	oci	ligneul	noun	fra
canvi	noun	oci	changement	noun	fra
illuminar	verb	oci	éclairer	verb	fra
illuminar	verb	oci	illuminer	verb	fra
topografic	adjective	oci	topographique	adjective	fra
testimòni	noun	oci	témoin	noun	fra
pinhon	noun	oci	pignon	noun	fra
Evoy	properNoun	oci	Evoy	properNoun	fra
Henry	properNoun	oci	Henry	properNoun	fra
remetre	verb	oci	remettre	verb	fra
bombardièr	noun	oci	bombardier	noun	fra
pionièr	noun	oci	pionnier	noun	fra
prosternar	verb	oci	prosterner	verb	fra
Hitler	properNoun	oci	Hitler	properNoun	fra
endurziment	noun	oci	durcissement	noun	fra
Inkel	properNoun	oci	Inkel	properNoun	fra
aferent	adjective	oci	afférent	adjective	fra
Seijas	properNoun	oci	Seijas	properNoun	fra
batement	noun	oci	battement	noun	fra
Falcone	properNoun	oci	Falcone	properNoun	fra
episcopat	noun	oci	épiscopat	noun	fra
mediòcre	noun	oci	médiocre	noun	fra
movilizacion	noun	oci	mobilisation	noun	fra
colon	noun	oci	colon	noun	fra
Dextradeur	properNoun	oci	Dextradeur	properNoun	fra
lexic	noun	oci	lexique	noun	fra
Gendre	properNoun	oci	Gendre	properNoun	fra
annèxa	noun	oci	annexe	noun	fra
anticapitalisme	noun	oci	anticapitalisme	noun	fra
Reynold	properNoun	oci	Reynold	properNoun	fra
milen	noun	oci	millième	noun	fra
coronda	noun	oci	poteau	noun	fra
Segi	properNoun	oci	Segi	properNoun	fra
mesopotamian	noun	oci	Mésopotamien	noun	fra
Tarrés	properNoun	oci	Tarrés	properNoun	fra
Solaz	properNoun	oci	Solaz	properNoun	fra
Cristiano	properNoun	oci	Cristiano	properNoun	fra
Gras	properNoun	oci	Gras	properNoun	fra
Bianco	properNoun	oci	Bianco	properNoun	fra
Coon	properNoun	oci	Coon	properNoun	fra
Despots	properNoun	oci	Despots	properNoun	fra
agachar	verb	oci	regarder	verb	fra
agachar	verb	oci	dévisager	verb	fra
Balta	properNoun	oci	Balta	properNoun	fra
Latulippe	properNoun	oci	Latulippe	properNoun	fra
Tristan	properNoun	oci	Tristan	properNoun	fra
divergir	verb	oci	diverger	verb	fra
arpa	noun	oci	griffe	noun	fra
arpa	noun	oci	harpe	noun	fra
cosmogonia	noun	oci	cosmogonie	noun	fra
pronostic	noun	oci	pronostic	noun	fra
Catherine	properNoun	oci	Catherine	properNoun	fra
Godon	properNoun	oci	Godon	properNoun	fra
armari	noun	oci	armoire	noun	fra
Seeger	properNoun	oci	Seeger	properNoun	fra
baiard	noun	oci	brancard	noun	fra
Maiòta	properNoun	oci	Mayotte	properNoun	fra
superfície	noun	oci	surface	noun	fra
Olga	properNoun	oci	Olga	properNoun	fra
semasiologia	noun	oci	sémasiologie	noun	fra
Caraballo	properNoun	oci	Caraballo	properNoun	fra
Léo	properNoun	oci	Léo	properNoun	fra
Cherta	properNoun	oci	Cherta	properNoun	fra
conselhièr	noun	oci	conseiller	noun	fra
mejan	noun	oci	moyen	noun	fra
Berniquez	properNoun	oci	Berniquez	properNoun	fra
Grohl	properNoun	oci	Grohl	properNoun	fra
puniment	noun	oci	punition	noun	fra
fosfòr	noun	oci	phosphore	noun	fra
60n	adjective	oci	60ème	adjective	fra
forfach	noun	oci	forfait	noun	fra
Chaudhary	properNoun	oci	Chaudhary	properNoun	fra
Noble	properNoun	oci	Noble	properNoun	fra
Laneuville	properNoun	oci	Laneuville	properNoun	fra
Loscos	properNoun	oci	Loscos	properNoun	fra
brasilièr	noun	oci	Brésilien	noun	fra
observatòri	noun	oci	observatoire	noun	fra
Mahmood	properNoun	oci	Mahmood	properNoun	fra
Ellington	properNoun	oci	Ellington	properNoun	fra
condemnar	verb	oci	condamner	verb	fra
pantomina	noun	oci	pantomime	noun	fra
Batlle	properNoun	oci	Batlle	properNoun	fra
GPRS	noun	oci	GPRS	noun	fra
Robson	properNoun	oci	Robson	properNoun	fra
reformular	verb	oci	reformuler	verb	fra
sincronic	adjective	oci	synchronique	adjective	fra
violar	verb	oci	violer	verb	fra
basc	noun	oci	basque	noun	fra
lunar	adjective	oci	lunaire	adjective	fra
Crosby	properNoun	oci	Crosby	properNoun	fra
Carré	properNoun	oci	Carré	properNoun	fra
adsorpcion	noun	oci	adsorption	noun	fra
concebible	adjective	oci	concevable	adjective	fra
Aneas	properNoun	oci	Aneas	properNoun	fra
fiabilitat	noun	oci	fiabilité	noun	fra
qui	interrogativePronoun	oci	qui	interrogativePronoun	fra
qui	interrogativePronoun	oci	qui	pronoun	fra
qui	interrogativePronoun	oci	qui	relativePronoun	fra
qui	pronoun	oci	qui	interrogativePronoun	fra
qui	pronoun	oci	qui	pronoun	fra
qui	pronoun	oci	qui	relativePronoun	fra
qui	relativePronoun	oci	qui	interrogativePronoun	fra
qui	relativePronoun	oci	qui	pronoun	fra
qui	relativePronoun	oci	qui	relativePronoun	fra
titan	noun	oci	titan	noun	fra
onomatopèa	noun	oci	onomatopée	noun	fra
Shania	properNoun	oci	Shania	properNoun	fra
acreditar	verb	oci	accréditer	verb	fra
retoric	adjective	oci	rhétorique	adjective	fra
ahlama	noun	oci	flamme	noun	fra
87n	adjective	oci	87ème	adjective	fra
insectivòr	adjective	oci	insectivore	adjective	fra
Rimskii-Korsakov	properNoun	oci	Rimski-Korsakov	properNoun	fra
mècha	noun	oci	morve	noun	fra
Dovizioso	properNoun	oci	Dovizioso	properNoun	fra
Paraja	properNoun	oci	Paraja	properNoun	fra
roman	adjective	oci	roman	adjective	fra
roman	adjective	oci	romain	adjective	fra
Rayo	properNoun	oci	Rayo	properNoun	fra
d'aqueste pas	adverb	oci	de ce pas	adverb	fra
Edison	properNoun	oci	Edison	properNoun	fra
Santa Elena	properNoun	oci	Sainte-Hélène	properNoun	fra
Charland	properNoun	oci	Charland	properNoun	fra
equatorian	adjective	oci	équatorien	adjective	fra
Canudas	properNoun	oci	Canudas	properNoun	fra
Kross	properNoun	oci	Kross	properNoun	fra
Caler	properNoun	oci	Caler	properNoun	fra
con	adjective	oci	con	adjective	fra
Chaoui	properNoun	oci	Chaoui	properNoun	fra
tutorial	noun	oci	tutoriel	noun	fra
Andòrra la Vièlha	properNoun	oci	Andorre-la-Vieille	properNoun	fra
Semen	properNoun	oci	Semen	properNoun	fra
invariable	adjective	oci	invariable	adjective	fra
Engels	properNoun	oci	Engels	properNoun	fra
Camacho	properNoun	oci	Camacho	properNoun	fra
ignifugar	verb	oci	ignifuger	verb	fra
Kathy	properNoun	oci	Kathy	properNoun	fra
satisfach	adjective	oci	satisfait	adjective	fra
Zambia	properNoun	oci	Zambie	properNoun	fra
Angieus	properNoun	oci	Angers	properNoun	fra
esqueletic	adjective	oci	squelettique	adjective	fra
enriquesiment	noun	oci	enrichissement	noun	fra
dictator	noun	oci	dictateur	noun	fra
Regadera	properNoun	oci	Regadera	properNoun	fra
Buzón	properNoun	oci	Buzón	properNoun	fra
practicar	verb	oci	pratiquer	verb	fra
nau	noun	oci	nef	noun	fra
Smithies	properNoun	oci	Smithies	properNoun	fra
bit	noun	oci	bit	noun	fra
ascendent	noun	oci	ascendant	noun	fra
savi	adjective	oci	sage	adjective	fra
Abby	properNoun	oci	Abby	properNoun	fra
vitaminar	verb	oci	vitaminer	verb	fra
nostalgic	adjective	oci	nostalgique	adjective	fra
Ramiá	properNoun	oci	Ramiá	properNoun	fra
Durkheim	properNoun	oci	Durkheim	properNoun	fra
Erin	properNoun	oci	Erin	properNoun	fra
Prudence	properNoun	oci	Prudence	properNoun	fra
Bertha	properNoun	oci	Bertha	properNoun	fra
Pintado	properNoun	oci	Pintado	properNoun	fra
Belize	properNoun	oci	Belize	properNoun	fra
assolidar	verb	oci	consolider	verb	fra
esquèrre	adjective	oci	gauche	adjective	fra
sàlvia	noun	oci	sauge	noun	fra
gredon	noun	oci	crayon	noun	fra
complimentar	verb	oci	conplimenter	verb	fra
Karine	properNoun	oci	Karine	properNoun	fra
vin	noun	oci	vin	noun	fra
Ille e Vilaine	properNoun	oci	Ille-et-Vilaine	properNoun	fra
reglar	verb	oci	régler	verb	fra
Dijon	properNoun	oci	Dijon	properNoun	fra
latin	noun	oci	latin	noun	fra
Bujan	properNoun	oci	Bujan	properNoun	fra
aqueridor	adjective	oci	acquéreur	adjective	fra
Maximilian	properNoun	oci	Maximilian	properNoun	fra
Maximilian	properNoun	oci	Maximilien	properNoun	fra
véncer	verb	oci	vaincre	verb	fra
véncer	verb	oci	abattre	verb	fra
mineral	noun	oci	minerai	noun	fra
mineral	noun	oci	minéral	noun	fra
Sage	properNoun	oci	Sage	properNoun	fra
Graves	properNoun	oci	Graves	properNoun	fra
giroscopic	adjective	oci	gyroscopique	adjective	fra
susar	verb	oci	suer	verb	fra
Fluriach	properNoun	oci	Fluriach	properNoun	fra
scenografic	adjective	oci	scénographique	adjective	fra
Aliaga	properNoun	oci	Aliaga	properNoun	fra
Illa	properNoun	oci	Illa	properNoun	fra
competitor	noun	oci	compétiteur	noun	fra
crubament	noun	oci	encaissement	noun	fra
Raymond	properNoun	oci	Raymond	properNoun	fra
sillabic	adjective	oci	syllabique	adjective	fra
albanèl	noun	oci	hobereau	noun	fra
palmièr	noun	oci	palmier	noun	fra
Cumplido	properNoun	oci	Cumplido	properNoun	fra
idilli	noun	oci	idylle	noun	fra
Massa	properNoun	oci	Massa	properNoun	fra
víver	noun	oci	vivre	noun	fra
intervencionisme	noun	oci	interventionnisme	noun	fra
Amenábar	properNoun	oci	Amenábar	properNoun	fra
Steele	properNoun	oci	Steele	properNoun	fra
aviari	adjective	oci	aviaire	adjective	fra
Brigitte	properNoun	oci	Brigitte	properNoun	fra
sosestimar	verb	oci	sous-estimer	verb	fra
esdejuar	verb	oci	déjeuner	verb	fra
Centre e Vau de Léger	properNoun	oci	Centre-Val de Loire	properNoun	fra
Laforte	properNoun	oci	Laforte	properNoun	fra
Sant Empèri Roman Germanic	properNoun	oci	Saint-Empire romain germanique	properNoun	fra
Manso	properNoun	oci	Manso	properNoun	fra
Laramée	properNoun	oci	Laramée	properNoun	fra
budgetari	adjective	oci	budgétaire	adjective	fra
eludir	verb	oci	éluder	verb	fra
Catharine	properNoun	oci	Catharine	properNoun	fra
huec	noun	oci	feu	noun	fra
foliá	noun	oci	folie	noun	fra
anglican	noun	oci	anglican	noun	fra
Crewe	properNoun	oci	Crewe	properNoun	fra
escritòri	noun	oci	bureau	noun	fra
importància	noun	oci	importance	noun	fra
un pauc abans	adverb	oci	un peu avant	adverb	fra
union	noun	oci	union	noun	fra
Eisenstein	properNoun	oci	Eisenstein	properNoun	fra
Pion	properNoun	oci	Pion	properNoun	fra
Ferrán	properNoun	oci	Ferrán	properNoun	fra
Feliu	properNoun	oci	Feliu	properNoun	fra
Dandurand	properNoun	oci	Dandurand	properNoun	fra
Santafé	properNoun	oci	Santafé	properNoun	fra
calculable	adjective	oci	calculable	adjective	fra
Bofill Mas	properNoun	oci	Bofill Mas	properNoun	fra
cauquilhatge	noun	oci	coquillage	noun	fra
redirigir	verb	oci	rediriger	verb	fra
Cerrato	properNoun	oci	Cerrato	properNoun	fra
difraccion	noun	oci	diffraction	noun	fra
Alliot-Marie	properNoun	oci	Alliot-Marie	properNoun	fra
començar	verb	oci	commencer	verb	fra
començar	verb	oci	mettre en œuvre	verb	fra
començar	verb	oci	mettre en place	verb	fra
oportun	adjective	oci	opportun	adjective	fra
subjectivitat	noun	oci	subjectivité	noun	fra
Sommerfeld	properNoun	oci	Sommerfeld	properNoun	fra
quaranta dos	numeral	oci	quarante-deux	numeral	fra
truèja	noun	oci	truie	noun	fra
velodròm	noun	oci	vélodrome	noun	fra
aiguièira	noun	oci	rigole	noun	fra
espaurugar	verb	oci	faire peur	verb	fra
Chentouf	properNoun	oci	Chentouf	properNoun	fra
gaussian	adjective	oci	gaussien	adjective	fra
vaquí	interjection	oci	voilà	interjection	fra
caucionar	verb	oci	cautionner	verb	fra
tension	noun	oci	tension	noun	fra
Quintanilla	properNoun	oci	Quintanilla	properNoun	fra
Uranus	properNoun	oci	Uranus	properNoun	fra
indigèna	adjective	oci	indigène	adjective	fra
Casino	properNoun	oci	Casino	properNoun	fra
amendrir	verb	oci	diminuer	verb	fra
vint-e-un	numeral	oci	vingt et un	numeral	fra
vint-e-un	numeral	oci	vingt-et-un	numeral	fra
percussionista	noun	oci	percussionniste	noun	fra
Booth	properNoun	oci	Booth	properNoun	fra
imprimariá	noun	oci	imprimerie	noun	fra
Baldrich	properNoun	oci	Baldrich	properNoun	fra
Rolland	properNoun	oci	Rolland	properNoun	fra
activista	noun	oci	activiste	noun	fra
Danièl	properNoun	oci	Danièl	properNoun	fra
Danièl	properNoun	oci	Daniel	properNoun	fra
interdire	verb	oci	interdire	verb	fra
virginitat	noun	oci	virginité	noun	fra
ongrés	noun	oci	hongrois	noun	fra
Russell	properNoun	oci	Russell	properNoun	fra
Herrador	properNoun	oci	Herrador	properNoun	fra
afabilitat	noun	oci	affabilité	noun	fra
Gunner	properNoun	oci	Gunner	properNoun	fra
acidofil	adjective	oci	acidophile	adjective	fra
Bernadás	properNoun	oci	Bernadás	properNoun	fra
delembrar	verb	oci	oublier	verb	fra
endurir	verb	oci	endurcir	verb	fra
Sugranyes	properNoun	oci	Sugranyes	properNoun	fra
Mariella	properNoun	oci	Mariella	properNoun	fra
sindicat	noun	oci	syndicat	noun	fra
desidratar	verb	oci	déshydrater	verb	fra
analòg	noun	oci	analogue	noun	fra
embrion	noun	oci	embryon	noun	fra
buçòl	noun	oci	bouton	noun	fra
Casaña	properNoun	oci	Casaña	properNoun	fra
recercar	verb	oci	quérir	verb	fra
recercar	verb	oci	rechercher	verb	fra
Gasulla	properNoun	oci	Gasulla	properNoun	fra
Pauli	properNoun	oci	Pauli	properNoun	fra
en ivèrn	adverb	oci	en hiver	adverb	fra
benzina	noun	oci	essence	noun	fra
aparentar	verb	oci	apparenter	verb	fra
Selma	properNoun	oci	Selma	properNoun	fra
lanariá	noun	oci	lainerie	noun	fra
Aubanèu	properNoun	oci	Aubanèu	properNoun	fra
dialectic	adjective	oci	dialectique	adjective	fra
Blacksmith	properNoun	oci	Blacksmith	properNoun	fra
existencialista	noun	oci	existentialiste	noun	fra
diabolizacion	noun	oci	diabolisation	noun	fra
Mogas	properNoun	oci	Mogas	properNoun	fra
Bellavance	properNoun	oci	Bellavance	properNoun	fra
Calder	properNoun	oci	Calder	properNoun	fra
Creusot	properNoun	oci	Creusot	properNoun	fra
normativizar	verb	oci	normativiser	verb	fra
suplement	noun	oci	supplément	noun	fra
net	adjective	oci	net	adjective	fra
net	adjective	oci	propre	adjective	fra
fusionar	verb	oci	fusionner	verb	fra
Guirguis	properNoun	oci	Guirguis	properNoun	fra
Lapolice	properNoun	oci	Lapolice	properNoun	fra
barricada	noun	oci	barricade	noun	fra
Etxenike	properNoun	oci	Etxenike	properNoun	fra
fragil	adjective	oci	fragile	adjective	fra
insecticida	noun	oci	insecticide	noun	fra
scenografia	noun	oci	scénographie	noun	fra
gradient	noun	oci	gradient	noun	fra
Head	properNoun	oci	Head	properNoun	fra
ochanta uèch	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-huit	numeral	fra
ràdio	noun	oci	radio	noun	fra
tubercul	noun	oci	tubercule	noun	fra
escarabissa	noun	oci	écrevisse	noun	fra
generatiu	adjective	oci	génératif	adjective	fra
cambotjan	noun	oci	Cambodgien	noun	fra
equitacion	noun	oci	équitation	noun	fra
pebre	noun	oci	poivre	noun	fra
Grisé	properNoun	oci	Grisé	properNoun	fra
dempuèi que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	depuis que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
antena	noun	oci	antenne	noun	fra
Yelle	properNoun	oci	Yelle	properNoun	fra
Blundell	properNoun	oci	Blundell	properNoun	fra
Tenniel	properNoun	oci	Tenniel	properNoun	fra
en partida	adverb	oci	en partie	adverb	fra
Genois	properNoun	oci	Genois	properNoun	fra
Estats Units	properNoun	oci	États-Unis	properNoun	fra
edicul	noun	oci	édicule	noun	fra
esmautar	verb	oci	émailler	verb	fra
Kampusch	properNoun	oci	Kampusch	properNoun	fra
Freixas	properNoun	oci	Freixas	properNoun	fra
dissension	noun	oci	dissension	noun	fra
borrolaire	adjective	oci	brouillon	adjective	fra
pr'amor de	preposition	oci	afin de	preposition	fra
alogèn	noun	oci	halogène	noun	fra
Augustine	properNoun	oci	Augustine	properNoun	fra
Almunia Amann	properNoun	oci	Almunia Amann	properNoun	fra
tifon	noun	oci	typhon	noun	fra
Berdini	properNoun	oci	Berdini	properNoun	fra
Trullas	properNoun	oci	Trullas	properNoun	fra
Ferriòl	properNoun	oci	Ferriòl	properNoun	fra
quand conven	subordinatingConjunction	oci	quand il y a lieu	subordinatingConjunction	fra
imponderable	adjective	oci	impondérable	adjective	fra
Gerber	properNoun	oci	Gerber	properNoun	fra
Durette	properNoun	oci	Durette	properNoun	fra
calendari	noun	oci	calendrier	noun	fra
Fors	properNoun	oci	Fors	properNoun	fra
laboriós	adjective	oci	laborieux	adjective	fra
gèissa	noun	oci	gesse	noun	fra
Casete	properNoun	oci	Casete	properNoun	fra
aimar	verb	oci	aimer	verb	fra
Ivanka	properNoun	oci	Ivanka	properNoun	fra
mentre que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	tant que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
mentre que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	alors que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
mentre que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	tandis que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
manuscrich	noun	oci	manuscrit	noun	fra
vertugala	noun	oci	vertugadin	noun	fra
Puigcercós	properNoun	oci	Puigcercós	properNoun	fra
Parella	properNoun	oci	Parella	properNoun	fra
comunament	adverb	oci	communément	adverb	fra
Ferraro	properNoun	oci	Ferraro	properNoun	fra
Bear	properNoun	oci	Bear	properNoun	fra
compatible	adjective	oci	compatible	adjective	fra
Teilhard	properNoun	oci	Teilhard	properNoun	fra
portal	noun	oci	portail	noun	fra
Bordes	properNoun	oci	Bordes	properNoun	fra
pin	noun	oci	pin	noun	fra
estimulant	adjective	oci	stimulant	adjective	fra
apelar	verb	oci	faire appel	verb	fra
apelar	verb	oci	appeler	verb	fra
apelar	verb	oci	contester en appel	verb	fra
apelar	verb	oci	appeler en appel	verb	fra
Andreu	properNoun	oci	Andreu	properNoun	fra
segur	adverb	oci	sûr	adverb	fra
segur	adverb	oci	bien sûr	adverb	fra
Civera	properNoun	oci	Civera	properNoun	fra
centralizador	adjective	oci	centralisateur	adjective	fra
grasilhar	verb	oci	griller	verb	fra
Gabernet	properNoun	oci	Gabernet	properNoun	fra
eterodòxe	adjective	oci	hétérodoxe	adjective	fra
sobrant	adjective	oci	restant	adjective	fra
esclaca	noun	oci	goutte	noun	fra
avant	adverb	oci	puis	adverb	fra
avant	adverb	oci	avant	adverb	fra
Pellisé	properNoun	oci	Pellisé	properNoun	fra
Hugas	properNoun	oci	Hugas	properNoun	fra
Valderrama	properNoun	oci	Valderrama	properNoun	fra
Lamiel	properNoun	oci	Lamiel	properNoun	fra
Susanna	properNoun	oci	Susanna	properNoun	fra
arredondit	adjective	oci	arrondi	adjective	fra
Labeaume	properNoun	oci	Labeaume	properNoun	fra
Ghosn	properNoun	oci	Ghosn	properNoun	fra
Monasterio	properNoun	oci	Monasterio	properNoun	fra
Kill	properNoun	oci	Kill	properNoun	fra
Brunelle	properNoun	oci	Brunelle	properNoun	fra
Chartrand	properNoun	oci	Chartrand	properNoun	fra
bièla	noun	oci	bielle	noun	fra
socialista	adjective	oci	socialiste	adjective	fra
conglomerat	noun	oci	conglomérat	noun	fra
Lizotte	properNoun	oci	Lizotte	properNoun	fra
Esnal	properNoun	oci	Esnal	properNoun	fra
rebrembar	verb	oci	rappeler	verb	fra
rebrembar	verb	oci	souvenir	verb	fra
agrafa	noun	oci	agrafe	noun	fra
Nasr	properNoun	oci	Nasr	properNoun	fra
torisme	noun	oci	tourisme	noun	fra
cinquau	noun	oci	cinquième	noun	fra
auxiliar	verb	oci	aider	verb	fra
connexion	noun	oci	liaison	noun	fra
connexion	noun	oci	connexion	noun	fra
Escofet	properNoun	oci	Escofet	properNoun	fra
Soljenitsin	properNoun	oci	Soljenitsin	properNoun	fra
penon	noun	oci	peton	noun	fra
espèuta	noun	oci	épeautre	noun	fra
albuminós	adjective	oci	albumineux	adjective	fra
modulator	noun	oci	modulateur	noun	fra
siròc	noun	oci	sud-est	noun	fra
Olmert	properNoun	oci	Olmert	properNoun	fra
Dyson	properNoun	oci	Dyson	properNoun	fra
Reid	properNoun	oci	Reid	properNoun	fra
Tegucigalpa	properNoun	oci	Tegucigalpa	properNoun	fra
Drysdale	properNoun	oci	Drysdale	properNoun	fra
ginecològ	noun	oci	gynécologue	noun	fra
vineta	noun	oci	oseille	noun	fra
litoral	noun	oci	litoral	noun	fra
litoral	noun	oci	littoral	noun	fra
Fabian	properNoun	oci	Fabian	properNoun	fra
cort	adjective	oci	court	adjective	fra
sambuc	noun	oci	sureau	noun	fra
deteneire	noun	oci	détenteur	noun	fra
Rocabert	properNoun	oci	Rocabert	properNoun	fra
analèpsi	noun	oci	analepse	noun	fra
recrutament	noun	oci	recrutement	noun	fra
explorer	adjective	oci	exportateur	adjective	fra
perdon	noun	oci	pardon	noun	fra
Boulos	properNoun	oci	Boulos	properNoun	fra
Darche	properNoun	oci	Darche	properNoun	fra
administratiu	noun	oci	administratif	noun	fra
dètz-e-sèt	numeral	oci	dix-sept	numeral	fra
estatutari	adjective	oci	statutaire	adjective	fra
Greffard	properNoun	oci	Greffard	properNoun	fra
Llull	properNoun	oci	Llull	properNoun	fra
contemporanèu	noun	oci	contemporain	noun	fra
Arbour	properNoun	oci	Arbour	properNoun	fra
maquiavelicament	adverb	oci	machiavéliquement	adverb	fra
cranc	noun	oci	crabe	noun	fra
cant	noun	oci	marge	noun	fra
cant	noun	oci	chant	noun	fra
espartenc	adjective	oci	spartiate	adjective	fra
suviera	noun	oci	chênaie	noun	fra
provesir	verb	oci	approvisionner	verb	fra
provesir	verb	oci	pourvoir	verb	fra
provesir	verb	oci	munir	verb	fra
Montala	properNoun	oci	Montala	properNoun	fra
Sant Lop	properNoun	oci	Saint-Loup	properNoun	fra
descendent	noun	oci	descendant	noun	fra
liberalitat	noun	oci	libéralité	noun	fra
liberalitat	noun	oci	liberalité	noun	fra
Bartau	properNoun	oci	Bartau	properNoun	fra
trapèzi	noun	oci	trapèze	noun	fra
Mantas	properNoun	oci	Mantas	properNoun	fra
Titi	properNoun	oci	Titi	properNoun	fra
costar	verb	oci	coûter	verb	fra
costar	verb	oci	couter	verb	fra
afilhacion	noun	oci	affiliation	noun	fra
netejaire	noun	oci	nettoyeur	noun	fra
triangular	adjective	oci	triangulaire	adjective	fra
Randazzo	properNoun	oci	Randazzo	properNoun	fra
calcificar	verb	oci	calcifier	verb	fra
Grimm	properNoun	oci	Grimm	properNoun	fra
Roche	properNoun	oci	Roche	properNoun	fra
vegetalizar	verb	oci	végétaliser	verb	fra
postura	noun	oci	posture	noun	fra
Dutremble	properNoun	oci	Dutremble	properNoun	fra
Minier	properNoun	oci	Minier	properNoun	fra
Jáuregui	properNoun	oci	Jáuregui	properNoun	fra
faucon	noun	oci	faucon	noun	fra
Morand	properNoun	oci	Morand	properNoun	fra
aparelhar	verb	oci	appareiller	verb	fra
del Amor	properNoun	oci	del Amor	properNoun	fra
al dessús de	preposition	oci	au-dessus de	preposition	fra
bricon	noun	oci	miette	noun	fra
Lataille	properNoun	oci	Lataille	properNoun	fra
complasent	noun	oci	accommodant	noun	fra
brusiment	noun	oci	bruissement	noun	fra
Enric	properNoun	oci	Henri	properNoun	fra
Enric	properNoun	oci	Enric	properNoun	fra
urina	noun	oci	urine	noun	fra
Bruyère	properNoun	oci	Bruyère	properNoun	fra
Piris	properNoun	oci	Piris	properNoun	fra
recital	noun	oci	récital	noun	fra
apassionar	verb	oci	passionner	verb	fra
tornada	noun	oci	tornade	noun	fra
empegat	adjective	oci	ivre	adjective	fra
Torregrosa	properNoun	oci	Torregrosa	properNoun	fra
espart	noun	oci	spart	noun	fra
rire	noun	oci	rire	noun	fra
incendi	noun	oci	incendie	noun	fra
ocapi	noun	oci	okapi	noun	fra
osteoporòsi	noun	oci	ostéoporose	noun	fra
codinar	verb	oci	cuisiner	verb	fra
gangstèr	noun	oci	gangster	noun	fra
Hemmings	properNoun	oci	Hemmings	properNoun	fra
o	pronoun	oci	le	pronoun	fra
o	pronoun	oci	le	determiner	fra
Sclarsky	properNoun	oci	Sclarsky	properNoun	fra
Lacerte	properNoun	oci	Lacerte	properNoun	fra
pronominalizar	verb	oci	pronominaliser	verb	fra
conquista	noun	oci	conquête	noun	fra
Decelles	properNoun	oci	Decelles	properNoun	fra
Bartumeu	properNoun	oci	Bartumeu	properNoun	fra
califat	noun	oci	califat	noun	fra
Orobitg	properNoun	oci	Orobitg	properNoun	fra
collaborator	noun	oci	collaborateur	noun	fra
Cardozo	properNoun	oci	Cardozo	properNoun	fra
Hilton	properNoun	oci	Hilton	properNoun	fra
Cecily	properNoun	oci	Cecily	properNoun	fra
idrocefalia	noun	oci	hydrocéphalie	noun	fra
Rabadán	properNoun	oci	Rabadán	properNoun	fra
dinamisme	noun	oci	dynamisme	noun	fra
Michel	properNoun	oci	Michel	properNoun	fra
Prescott	properNoun	oci	Prescott	properNoun	fra
Chia	properNoun	oci	Chia	properNoun	fra
El Ouahabi	properNoun	oci	El Ouahabi	properNoun	fra
Romagosa	properNoun	oci	Romagosa	properNoun	fra
bascula	noun	oci	bascule	noun	fra
blesejadís	noun	oci	zézaiement	noun	fra
Katy	properNoun	oci	Katy	properNoun	fra
filatelic	adjective	oci	philatélique	adjective	fra
divin	noun	oci	divin	noun	fra
Karzaï	properNoun	oci	Karzaï	properNoun	fra
Rawlings	properNoun	oci	Rawlings	properNoun	fra
interrogator	noun	oci	interrogateur	noun	fra
Kandasamy	properNoun	oci	Kandasamy	properNoun	fra
Basart	properNoun	oci	Basart	properNoun	fra
confucianisme	noun	oci	confucianisme	noun	fra
salinizacion	noun	oci	salinisation	noun	fra
Genevois	properNoun	oci	Genevois	properNoun	fra
teulat	noun	oci	toit	noun	fra
redibitòri	adjective	oci	rédhibitoire	adjective	fra
pensaire	noun	oci	penseur	noun	fra
asiatic	noun	oci	Asiatique	noun	fra
asiatic	noun	oci	asiatique	noun	fra
Alèir	properNoun	oci	Allier	properNoun	fra
Dutil	properNoun	oci	Dutil	properNoun	fra
Boeing	properNoun	oci	Boeing	properNoun	fra
maigre	adjective	oci	maigre	adjective	fra
Lesiège	properNoun	oci	Lesiège	properNoun	fra
most	noun	oci	moût	noun	fra
Dupras	properNoun	oci	Dupras	properNoun	fra
Goulding	properNoun	oci	Goulding	properNoun	fra
làmia	noun	oci	requin	noun	fra
Ruano	properNoun	oci	Ruano	properNoun	fra
Paré	properNoun	oci	Paré	properNoun	fra
regeneratiu	adjective	oci	régénératif	adjective	fra
Guerrera	properNoun	oci	Guerrera	properNoun	fra
bossa	noun	oci	bourse	noun	fra
McConnell	properNoun	oci	McConnell	properNoun	fra
Sagrera	properNoun	oci	Sagrera	properNoun	fra
determinabilitat	noun	oci	déterminabilité	noun	fra
partidari	adjective	oci	partisan	adjective	fra
club	noun	oci	club	noun	fra
tres	numeral	oci	trois	numeral	fra
enroïnar	verb	oci	abîmer	verb	fra
enroïnar	verb	oci	détraquer	verb	fra
enroïnar	verb	oci	avarier	verb	fra
amplificar	verb	oci	amplifier	verb	fra
Margaux	properNoun	oci	Margaux	properNoun	fra
excepcionalament	adverb	oci	exceptionnellement	adverb	fra
brota	noun	oci	brout	noun	fra
Andris	properNoun	oci	Andris	properNoun	fra
Bertrana	properNoun	oci	Bertrana	properNoun	fra
Doyon	properNoun	oci	Doyon	properNoun	fra
Aoun	properNoun	oci	Aoun	properNoun	fra
Bastille	properNoun	oci	Bastille	properNoun	fra
Célestin	properNoun	oci	Célestin	properNoun	fra
Searle	properNoun	oci	Searle	properNoun	fra
Iceta	properNoun	oci	Iceta	properNoun	fra
Fauré	properNoun	oci	Fauré	properNoun	fra
Lombardo	properNoun	oci	Lombardo	properNoun	fra
escritura	noun	oci	écriture	noun	fra
simetricament	adverb	oci	symétriquement	adverb	fra
anatolian	adjective	oci	anatolien	adjective	fra
Puerta	properNoun	oci	Puerta	properNoun	fra
distribucion	noun	oci	distribution	noun	fra
China	properNoun	oci	Chine	properNoun	fra
ellenistic	adjective	oci	hellénistique	adjective	fra
Corfó	properNoun	oci	Corfou	properNoun	fra
acusador	adjective	oci	accusateur	adjective	fra
Correas	properNoun	oci	Correas	properNoun	fra
analitic	adjective	oci	analytique	adjective	fra
jorn	noun	oci	jour	noun	fra
von Sanders	properNoun	oci	von Sanders	properNoun	fra
Vigneault	properNoun	oci	Vigneault	properNoun	fra
Gasol	properNoun	oci	Gasol	properNoun	fra
brun	adjective	oci	brun	adjective	fra
Belda	properNoun	oci	Belda	properNoun	fra
Barthe	properNoun	oci	Barthe	properNoun	fra
Maqueda	properNoun	oci	Maqueda	properNoun	fra
retractil	adjective	oci	rétractile	adjective	fra
Cases	properNoun	oci	Cases	properNoun	fra
Tejedo	properNoun	oci	Tejedo	properNoun	fra
reaprovisionat	adjective	oci	reapprovisionné	adjective	fra
libret	noun	oci	livret	noun	fra
libret	noun	oci	scénario	noun	fra
Esmeralda	properNoun	oci	Esmeralda	properNoun	fra
additiu	noun	oci	additif	noun	fra
Turmo	properNoun	oci	Turmo	properNoun	fra
larva	noun	oci	larve	noun	fra
Isaac	properNoun	oci	Isaac	properNoun	fra
enzimatic	adjective	oci	enzymatique	adjective	fra
calligrafic	adjective	oci	calligraphique	adjective	fra
Gonçalves	properNoun	oci	Gonçalves	properNoun	fra
separatista	adjective	oci	séparatiste	adjective	fra
Ghisalberti	properNoun	oci	Ghisalberti	properNoun	fra
beneficiari	noun	oci	bénéficiaire	noun	fra
Porto	properNoun	oci	Porto	properNoun	fra
Raquèl	properNoun	oci	Raquèl	properNoun	fra
Raquèl	properNoun	oci	Rachel	properNoun	fra
Guardeño	properNoun	oci	Guardeño	properNoun	fra
imparcialitat	noun	oci	impartialité	noun	fra
finalitat	noun	oci	finalité	noun	fra
Demontigny	properNoun	oci	Demontigny	properNoun	fra
Pulido	properNoun	oci	Pulido	properNoun	fra
nadaire	noun	oci	nageur	noun	fra
noveme	noun	oci	novembre	noun	fra
efectuar	verb	oci	effectuer	verb	fra
atemptat	noun	oci	attentat	noun	fra
Jabbi	properNoun	oci	Jabbi	properNoun	fra
simbolic	adjective	oci	symbolique	adjective	fra
onomasiologia	noun	oci	onomasiologie	noun	fra
Siso	properNoun	oci	Siso	properNoun	fra
orguena	noun	oci	orgue	noun	fra
Blay	properNoun	oci	Blay	properNoun	fra
Quijada	properNoun	oci	Quijada	properNoun	fra
Abasolo	properNoun	oci	Abasolo	properNoun	fra
Manciet	properNoun	oci	Manciet	properNoun	fra
concéber	verb	oci	concevoir	verb	fra
titolar	verb	oci	intituler	verb	fra
academisme	noun	oci	académisme	noun	fra
raspa	noun	oci	rapin	noun	fra
raspa	noun	oci	râpe	noun	fra
Illas Verges Americanas	properNoun	oci	Îles Vierges américaines	properNoun	fra
provenença	noun	oci	provenance	noun	fra
Lisi	properNoun	oci	Lisi	properNoun	fra
Rafael	properNoun	oci	Rafael	properNoun	fra
Orr	properNoun	oci	Orr	properNoun	fra
Matilla	properNoun	oci	Matilla	properNoun	fra
Gabarri	properNoun	oci	Gabarri	properNoun	fra
ensag	noun	oci	essai	noun	fra
Rossignol	properNoun	oci	Rossignol	properNoun	fra
diferentament	adverb	oci	différemment	adverb	fra
adomergir	verb	oci	domestiquer	verb	fra
castanhal	noun	oci	châtaigneraie	noun	fra
Shirley	properNoun	oci	Shirley	properNoun	fra
Dreyfus	properNoun	oci	Dreyfus	properNoun	fra
Saquete	properNoun	oci	Saquete	properNoun	fra
concepcion	noun	oci	conception	noun	fra
mainadesa	noun	oci	enfance	noun	fra
moblar	verb	oci	meubler	verb	fra
timiditat	noun	oci	timidité	noun	fra
antropològ	noun	oci	anthropologue	noun	fra
Boix	properNoun	oci	Boix	properNoun	fra
mainit	noun	oci	enfant	noun	fra
Ward	properNoun	oci	Ward	properNoun	fra
Lucea	properNoun	oci	Lucea	properNoun	fra
xilofòn	noun	oci	xylophone	noun	fra
Cosp	properNoun	oci	Cosp	properNoun	fra
calada	noun	oci	pavé	noun	fra
Wollstonecraft	properNoun	oci	Wollstonecraft	properNoun	fra
cantonés	noun	oci	cantonais	noun	fra
tipicament	adverb	oci	typiquement	adverb	fra
poetic	adjective	oci	poétique	adjective	fra
seisen	noun	oci	sixième	noun	fra
facturar	verb	oci	facturer	verb	fra
intimista	noun	oci	intimiste	noun	fra
nivelament	noun	oci	nivellement	noun	fra
Perón	properNoun	oci	Perón	properNoun	fra
loseròt	adjective	oci	lozérien	adjective	fra
Gerhard	properNoun	oci	Gerhard	properNoun	fra
utilizaire	noun	oci	utilisateur	noun	fra
meditar	verb	oci	méditer	verb	fra
patrolhar	verb	oci	patrouiller	verb	fra
von Ense	properNoun	oci	von Ense	properNoun	fra
Neacappo	properNoun	oci	Neacappo	properNoun	fra
antagonista	noun	oci	antagoniste	noun	fra
Mesas	properNoun	oci	Mesas	properNoun	fra
coneissença	noun	oci	connaissance	noun	fra
man	noun	oci	main	noun	fra
Shang	properNoun	oci	Shang	properNoun	fra
coseson	noun	oci	cuisson	noun	fra
escalièr	noun	oci	escalier	noun	fra
Deoliveira	properNoun	oci	Deoliveira	properNoun	fra
accentuacion	noun	oci	accentuation	noun	fra
Beas	properNoun	oci	Beas	properNoun	fra
dobtar	verb	oci	douter	verb	fra
negacionista	noun	oci	négationniste	noun	fra
accelerar	verb	oci	accélérer	verb	fra
HP	properNoun	oci	HP	properNoun	fra
Felez	properNoun	oci	Felez	properNoun	fra
Dostie	properNoun	oci	Dostie	properNoun	fra
vime	noun	oci	osier	noun	fra
bodisme	noun	oci	bouddhisme	noun	fra
autonomista	noun	oci	autonomiste	noun	fra
Degas	properNoun	oci	Degas	properNoun	fra
regularizar	verb	oci	régulariser	verb	fra
Garaizar	properNoun	oci	Garaizar	properNoun	fra
moderat	noun	oci	modéré	noun	fra
esteticament	adverb	oci	esthétiquement	adverb	fra
ostalet	noun	oci	maisonnette	noun	fra
ultimament	adverb	oci	ultimement	adverb	fra
Reinat	properNoun	oci	Reinat	properNoun	fra
Reinat	properNoun	oci	René	properNoun	fra
acne	noun	oci	acné	noun	fra
Sarrià	properNoun	oci	Sarrià	properNoun	fra
descompausar	verb	oci	décomposer	verb	fra
von Keyserling	properNoun	oci	von Keyserling	properNoun	fra
solucionar	verb	oci	solutionner	verb	fra
solucionar	verb	oci	résoudre	verb	fra
verificable	adjective	oci	vérifiable	adjective	fra
pregunta	noun	oci	question	noun	fra
espeiregar	verb	oci	lapider	verb	fra
cognicion	noun	oci	cognition	noun	fra
ineficaç	adjective	oci	inefficace	adjective	fra
adusir	verb	oci	alléguer	verb	fra
visigòt	noun	oci	Wisigoth	noun	fra
Matisse	properNoun	oci	Matisse	properNoun	fra
Vesta	properNoun	oci	Vesta	properNoun	fra
pictograma	noun	oci	pictogramme	noun	fra
motlatge	noun	oci	moulage	noun	fra
cazac	adjective	oci	kazakh	adjective	fra
aprohondir	verb	oci	approfondir	verb	fra
confederar	verb	oci	confédérer	verb	fra
tornar venir	verb	oci	redevenir	verb	fra
Mazzaglia	properNoun	oci	Mazzaglia	properNoun	fra
Alepin	properNoun	oci	Alepin	properNoun	fra
abominable	adjective	oci	abominable	adjective	fra
Ina	properNoun	oci	Ina	properNoun	fra
vuechanta sièis	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-six	numeral	fra
Celdrán	properNoun	oci	Celdrán	properNoun	fra
Rodrigo	properNoun	oci	Rodrigo	properNoun	fra
Najjar	properNoun	oci	Najjar	properNoun	fra
Pietro	properNoun	oci	Pietro	properNoun	fra
isla	noun	oci	île	noun	fra
Gallagher	properNoun	oci	Gallagher	properNoun	fra
pancarta	noun	oci	pancarte	noun	fra
pòl	noun	oci	pôle	noun	fra
alumina	noun	oci	alumine	noun	fra
passacion	noun	oci	passation	noun	fra
rocassa	noun	oci	rocher	noun	fra
seguiment	noun	oci	suivi	noun	fra
circulara	noun	oci	circulaire	noun	fra
Simancas	properNoun	oci	Simancas	properNoun	fra
imprevisible	adjective	oci	imprévisible	adjective	fra
McCormick	properNoun	oci	McCormick	properNoun	fra
Nagata	properNoun	oci	Nagata	properNoun	fra
varrolh	noun	oci	verrou	noun	fra
mesprètz	noun	oci	mépris	noun	fra
ausat	adjective	oci	osé	adjective	fra
perdeire	adjective	oci	perdant	adjective	fra
participacion	noun	oci	participation	noun	fra
Masjuan	properNoun	oci	Masjuan	properNoun	fra
Masclans	properNoun	oci	Masclans	properNoun	fra
mejancièr	adjective	oci	intermédiaire	adjective	fra
Barenys	properNoun	oci	Barenys	properNoun	fra
apercebut	noun	oci	aperçu	noun	fra
Zeidan	properNoun	oci	Zeidan	properNoun	fra
multiple	adjective	oci	multiple	adjective	fra
Peggy	properNoun	oci	Peggy	properNoun	fra
acetic	adjective	oci	acétique	adjective	fra
Amyot	properNoun	oci	Amyot	properNoun	fra
desèrt	adjective	oci	désert	adjective	fra
Fort-de-France	properNoun	oci	Fort-de-France	properNoun	fra
son	noun	oci	son	noun	fra
lingüistic	adjective	oci	linguistique	adjective	fra
ciclonic	adjective	oci	cyclonique	adjective	fra
productivisme	noun	oci	productivisme	noun	fra
exprèssament	adverb	oci	expressément	adverb	fra
espital	noun	oci	hôpital	noun	fra
golf Persic	properNoun	oci	golfe Persique	properNoun	fra
acorchiment	noun	oci	accourcissement	noun	fra
Rood	properNoun	oci	Rood	properNoun	fra
fonetic	adjective	oci	phonétique	adjective	fra
Malenfant	properNoun	oci	Malenfant	properNoun	fra
repudiar	verb	oci	répudier	verb	fra
Musso	properNoun	oci	Musso	properNoun	fra
inactiu	noun	oci	inactif	noun	fra
Chowdhury	properNoun	oci	Chowdhury	properNoun	fra
virar	verb	oci	tourner	verb	fra
Robledillo	properNoun	oci	Robledillo	properNoun	fra
Valladolid	properNoun	oci	Valladolid	properNoun	fra
pòts a pòts	adverb	oci	lèvres à lèvres	adverb	fra
Crespí	properNoun	oci	Crespí	properNoun	fra
generacion	noun	oci	génération	noun	fra
liderar	verb	oci	diriger	verb	fra
Andrino	properNoun	oci	Andrino	properNoun	fra
Fábrega	properNoun	oci	Fábrega	properNoun	fra
taça	noun	oci	tasse	noun	fra
cianur	noun	oci	cyanure	noun	fra
orresiá	noun	oci	souillure	noun	fra
Bibi	properNoun	oci	Bibi	properNoun	fra
Ferron	properNoun	oci	Ferron	properNoun	fra
Màrquez	properNoun	oci	Màrquez	properNoun	fra
escomesa	noun	oci	gageure	noun	fra
plafon	noun	oci	plafond	noun	fra
eterogenèu	adjective	oci	hétérogène	adjective	fra
isometric	adjective	oci	isométrique	adjective	fra
espectroscopic	adjective	oci	spectroscopique	adjective	fra
Langlada	properNoun	oci	Langlada	properNoun	fra
creacion	noun	oci	création	noun	fra
au moment de	preposition	oci	au moment de	preposition	fra
Hutchence	properNoun	oci	Hutchence	properNoun	fra
Dubreuil	properNoun	oci	Dubreuil	properNoun	fra
pescar	verb	oci	pêcher	verb	fra
Galipò	properNoun	oci	Galipò	properNoun	fra
Ali	properNoun	oci	Ali	properNoun	fra
Blak	properNoun	oci	Blak	properNoun	fra
Bigué	properNoun	oci	Bigué	properNoun	fra
ochanta cinc	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-cinq	numeral	fra
descriptiu	adjective	oci	descriptif	adjective	fra
podologia	noun	oci	podologie	noun	fra
Simoes	properNoun	oci	Simoes	properNoun	fra
afeccionar	verb	oci	affectionner	verb	fra
Carabatta	properNoun	oci	Carabatta	properNoun	fra
Ankara	properNoun	oci	Ankara	properNoun	fra
von Goetzen	properNoun	oci	von Goetzen	properNoun	fra
privacion	noun	oci	privation	noun	fra
Ièr	adjective	oci	Ier	adjective	fra
estrea	noun	oci	étrenne	noun	fra
Aldezabal	properNoun	oci	Aldezabal	properNoun	fra
Mañez	properNoun	oci	Mañez	properNoun	fra
Zaballos	properNoun	oci	Zaballos	properNoun	fra
Calderone	properNoun	oci	Calderone	properNoun	fra
cantabric	adjective	oci	cantabrique	adjective	fra
bomb	noun	oci	bond	noun	fra
Hinzelin	properNoun	oci	Hinzelin	properNoun	fra
Valerio	properNoun	oci	Valerio	properNoun	fra
Tardio	properNoun	oci	Tardio	properNoun	fra
Lessard	properNoun	oci	Lessard	properNoun	fra
palpitar	verb	oci	palpiter	verb	fra
geometric	adjective	oci	géométrique	adjective	fra
embarrassat	adjective	oci	enceinte	adjective	fra
purificador	adjective	oci	purificateur	adjective	fra
reprovèrbi	noun	oci	proverbe	noun	fra
Vivas	properNoun	oci	Vivas	properNoun	fra
Howarth	properNoun	oci	Howarth	properNoun	fra
Múrcia	properNoun	oci	Múrcia	properNoun	fra
Manacor	properNoun	oci	Manacor	properNoun	fra
Miralles	properNoun	oci	Miralles	properNoun	fra
Marie-Antoinette	properNoun	oci	Marie-Antoinette	properNoun	fra
Morelli	properNoun	oci	Morelli	properNoun	fra
Iurii	properNoun	oci	Youri	properNoun	fra
Iurii	properNoun	oci	Iouri	properNoun	fra
Raposo	properNoun	oci	Raposo	properNoun	fra
pretericion	noun	oci	prétérition	noun	fra
Deutsch	properNoun	oci	Deutsch	properNoun	fra
sinològue	noun	oci	sociologue	noun	fra
Valencianas	properNoun	oci	Valenciennes	properNoun	fra
Mallo	properNoun	oci	Mallo	properNoun	fra
Paine	properNoun	oci	Paine	properNoun	fra
sacrament	noun	oci	sacrement	noun	fra
introdusir	verb	oci	introduire	verb	fra
Carbones	properNoun	oci	Carbones	properNoun	fra
Giordano	properNoun	oci	Giordano	properNoun	fra
Kistabish	properNoun	oci	Kistabish	properNoun	fra
zèro	noun	oci	zéro	noun	fra
témer	verb	oci	redouter	verb	fra
témer	verb	oci	craindre	verb	fra
centralisme	noun	oci	centralisme	noun	fra
Cañada	properNoun	oci	Cañada	properNoun	fra
editor	noun	oci	éditeur	noun	fra
escrit	adjective	oci	écrit	adjective	fra
Ironman	properNoun	oci	Ironman	properNoun	fra
megaoctet	noun	oci	mégaoctet	noun	fra
mentretant	adverb	oci	en attendant	adverb	fra
mentretant	adverb	oci	entre-temps	adverb	fra
von Starhemberg	properNoun	oci	von Starhemberg	properNoun	fra
disfasia	noun	oci	dysphasie	noun	fra
Alavedra	properNoun	oci	Alavedra	properNoun	fra
franc	noun	oci	franc	noun	fra
franc	noun	oci	Franc_peuple	noun	fra
Ba	properNoun	oci	Ba	properNoun	fra
mn	noun	oci	mn	noun	fra
terrorizar	verb	oci	terroriser	verb	fra
Ehrlich	properNoun	oci	Ehrlich	properNoun	fra
imputacion	noun	oci	imputation	noun	fra
Paventi	properNoun	oci	Paventi	properNoun	fra
absorcion	noun	oci	absorption	noun	fra
Smith	properNoun	oci	Smith	properNoun	fra
Jarque	properNoun	oci	Jarque	properNoun	fra
Tourgaï	properNoun	oci	Tourgaï	properNoun	fra
Caruana	properNoun	oci	Caruana	properNoun	fra
Calatrava	properNoun	oci	Calatrava	properNoun	fra
a l'entorn de	adverb	oci	environ	adverb	fra
Ferreux	properNoun	oci	Ferreux	properNoun	fra
emocion	noun	oci	émotion	noun	fra
Beauclair	properNoun	oci	Beauclair	properNoun	fra
Dessources	properNoun	oci	Dessources	properNoun	fra
quotidian	noun	oci	quotidien	noun	fra
Amadeo	properNoun	oci	Amadeo	properNoun	fra
Millás	properNoun	oci	Millás	properNoun	fra
Escriche	properNoun	oci	Escriche	properNoun	fra
aumentacion	noun	oci	augmentation	noun	fra
digression	noun	oci	digression	noun	fra
Golan	properNoun	oci	Golan	properNoun	fra
freg	noun	oci	froid	noun	fra
epigrama	noun	oci	épigramme	noun	fra
convíuer	verb	oci	cohabiter	verb	fra
Dulac	properNoun	oci	Dulac	properNoun	fra
allocucion	noun	oci	allocution	noun	fra
Rousselot	properNoun	oci	Rousselot	properNoun	fra
acrimoniós	adjective	oci	acrimonieux	adjective	fra
Marcogliese	properNoun	oci	Marcogliese	properNoun	fra
topologic	adjective	oci	topologique	adjective	fra
belligerant	adjective	oci	belligérant	adjective	fra
a res non còst	adverb	oci	gratuitement	adverb	fra
Ludendorff	properNoun	oci	Ludendorff	properNoun	fra
en cors	adverb	oci	en cours	adverb	fra
Tarancón	properNoun	oci	Tarancón	properNoun	fra
gregorian	adjective	oci	grégorien	adjective	fra
Gomis	properNoun	oci	Gomis	properNoun	fra
cocha	noun	oci	nappe	noun	fra
cocha	noun	oci	cape	noun	fra
apeiregar	verb	oci	lapider	verb	fra
aumplir	verb	oci	remplir	verb	fra
aumplir	verb	oci	farcir	verb	fra
Lewis Hamilton	properNoun	oci	Lewis Hamilton	properNoun	fra
Philips	properNoun	oci	Philips	properNoun	fra
boquèra	noun	oci	embouchure	noun	fra
angolés	noun	oci	Angolais	noun	fra
paloma	noun	oci	ramier	noun	fra
paloma	noun	oci	palombe	noun	fra
Carla	properNoun	oci	Carla	properNoun	fra
pòrge	noun	oci	porche	noun	fra
Abyshev	properNoun	oci	Abyshev	properNoun	fra
dirigible	adjective	oci	dirigeable	adjective	fra
Gustems	properNoun	oci	Gustems	properNoun	fra
omoplata	noun	oci	omoplate	noun	fra
Agustí	properNoun	oci	Agustí	properNoun	fra
Whittaker	properNoun	oci	Whittaker	properNoun	fra
d'esquinas	adverb	oci	sur le dos	adverb	fra
Arisá	properNoun	oci	Arisá	properNoun	fra
Duchamp	properNoun	oci	Duchamp	properNoun	fra
al profièit de	preposition	oci	au profit de	preposition	fra
contunhacion	noun	oci	continuation	noun	fra
Perras	properNoun	oci	Perras	properNoun	fra
Brien	properNoun	oci	Brien	properNoun	fra
Sumatra	properNoun	oci	Sumatra	properNoun	fra
autor	noun	oci	auteur	noun	fra
Marguerite	properNoun	oci	Marguerite	properNoun	fra
dins	adverb	oci	dedans	adverb	fra
Telfort	properNoun	oci	Telfort	properNoun	fra
Goderre	properNoun	oci	Goderre	properNoun	fra
estudiant	adjective	oci	étudiant	adjective	fra
Cornudella	properNoun	oci	Cornudella	properNoun	fra
Lipari	properNoun	oci	Lipari	properNoun	fra
lignita	noun	oci	lignite	noun	fra
adrera	noun	oci	myrtille	noun	fra
Fortune	properNoun	oci	Fortune	properNoun	fra
Rabassa	properNoun	oci	Rabassa	properNoun	fra
Calvete	properNoun	oci	Calvete	properNoun	fra
Forrest	properNoun	oci	Forrest	properNoun	fra
Rotterdam	properNoun	oci	Rotterdam	properNoun	fra
Foucreault	properNoun	oci	Foucreault	properNoun	fra
remembrar	verb	oci	rappeler	verb	fra
Padulles	properNoun	oci	Padulles	properNoun	fra
fabrega	noun	oci	forge	noun	fra
sufire	verb	oci	suffire	verb	fra
abstraire	verb	oci	abstraire	verb	fra
ipotipòsi	noun	oci	hypotypose	noun	fra
jonch	adjective	oci	joint	adjective	fra
Izquierdo	properNoun	oci	Izquierdo	properNoun	fra
Donaldson	properNoun	oci	Donaldson	properNoun	fra
beçada	noun	oci	boulaie	noun	fra
individú	noun	oci	individu	noun	fra
Constanci	properNoun	oci	Constanci	properNoun	fra
monina	noun	oci	guenon	noun	fra
malausent	noun	oci	malentendant	noun	fra
arab	noun	oci	arabe	noun	fra
aucupacion	noun	oci	occupation	noun	fra
Mobile	properNoun	oci	Mobile	properNoun	fra
relocalizacion	noun	oci	relocalisation	noun	fra
Repsol	properNoun	oci	Repsol	properNoun	fra
pornografic	adjective	oci	pornographique	adjective	fra
redond	adjective	oci	rond	adjective	fra
eslalòm	noun	oci	slalom	noun	fra
Alava	properNoun	oci	Alava	properNoun	fra
Parr	properNoun	oci	Parr	properNoun	fra
competitor	adjective	oci	compétiteur	adjective	fra
Argerich	properNoun	oci	Argerich	properNoun	fra
Souleymane	properNoun	oci	Souleymane	properNoun	fra
grade	noun	oci	grade	noun	fra
gaudença	noun	oci	jouissance	noun	fra
Lili	properNoun	oci	Lili	properNoun	fra
Fibonacci	properNoun	oci	Fibonacci	properNoun	fra
concretizacion	noun	oci	concrétisation	noun	fra
Nicolás	properNoun	oci	Nicolás	properNoun	fra
Vinet	properNoun	oci	Vinet	properNoun	fra
nòstre	determiner	oci	notre	determiner	fra
nòstre	determiner	oci	notre	possessivePronoun	fra
nòstre	possessivePronoun	oci	notre	determiner	fra
nòstre	possessivePronoun	oci	notre	possessivePronoun	fra
Quirós	properNoun	oci	Quirós	properNoun	fra
còfre	noun	oci	coffre	noun	fra
compactar	verb	oci	compacter	verb	fra
refractiu	adjective	oci	réfractif	adjective	fra
edicte	noun	oci	édit	noun	fra
Masa	properNoun	oci	Masa	properNoun	fra
Redfern	properNoun	oci	Redfern	properNoun	fra
Pope	properNoun	oci	Pope	properNoun	fra
estimar	verb	oci	estimer	verb	fra
Louttit	properNoun	oci	Louttit	properNoun	fra
casta	noun	oci	caste	noun	fra
angiografia	noun	oci	angiographie	noun	fra
sierraleonés	noun	oci	Sierraléonais	noun	fra
Fink	properNoun	oci	Fink	properNoun	fra
Sevillano	properNoun	oci	Sevillano	properNoun	fra
prumèr	noun	oci	premier	noun	fra
Petrucci	properNoun	oci	Petrucci	properNoun	fra
cometre	verb	oci	commettre	verb	fra
Toussaint	properNoun	oci	Toussaint	properNoun	fra
von Trotha	properNoun	oci	von Trotha	properNoun	fra
Eisenberg	properNoun	oci	Eisenberg	properNoun	fra
Touray	properNoun	oci	Touray	properNoun	fra
expèrt	noun	oci	expert	noun	fra
Casafont	properNoun	oci	Casafont	properNoun	fra
Antolí	properNoun	oci	Antolí	properNoun	fra
involucion	noun	oci	involution	noun	fra
de la Vega	properNoun	oci	de la Vega	properNoun	fra
setzau	adjective	oci	seizième	adjective	fra
innovar	verb	oci	innover	verb	fra
abramat	adjective	oci	glouton	adjective	fra
Abadias	properNoun	oci	Abadias	properNoun	fra
camoç	noun	oci	chamois	noun	fra
Quílez	properNoun	oci	Quílez	properNoun	fra
joncion	noun	oci	jonction	noun	fra
Sarita	properNoun	oci	Sarita	properNoun	fra
Samuèl	properNoun	oci	Samuèl	properNoun	fra
Samuèl	properNoun	oci	Samuel	properNoun	fra
mètre	noun	oci	mètre	noun	fra
Deutsche	properNoun	oci	Deutsche	properNoun	fra
Plante	properNoun	oci	Plante	properNoun	fra
educacion	noun	oci	éducation	noun	fra
Estuard	properNoun	oci	Estuard	properNoun	fra
quiditat	noun	oci	quiddité	noun	fra
Caty	properNoun	oci	Caty	properNoun	fra
acaparraire	adjective	oci	accapareur	adjective	fra
accessorista	noun	oci	accessoiriste	noun	fra
Adriana	properNoun	oci	Adriana	properNoun	fra
Bellemare	properNoun	oci	Bellemare	properNoun	fra
Nagel	properNoun	oci	Nagel	properNoun	fra
datagrama	noun	oci	datagramme	noun	fra
Pozo	properNoun	oci	Pozo	properNoun	fra
comandament	noun	oci	commandement	noun	fra
Boutros	properNoun	oci	Boutros	properNoun	fra
malur	noun	oci	malheur	noun	fra
per tot jamai	adverb	oci	à tout jamais	adverb	fra
fotograf	noun	oci	photographe	noun	fra
Lois	properNoun	oci	Lois	properNoun	fra
ric	adjective	oci	riche	adjective	fra
Utrera	properNoun	oci	Utrera	properNoun	fra
ireua	noun	oci	bru	noun	fra
ireua	noun	oci	belle-fille	noun	fra
nhacar	verb	oci	mordre	verb	fra
antioccitanista	noun	oci	antioccitaniste	noun	fra
Hannah	properNoun	oci	Hannah	properNoun	fra
Tost	properNoun	oci	Tost	properNoun	fra
99n	adjective	oci	99ème	adjective	fra
talha	noun	oci	impôt	noun	fra
talha	noun	oci	ceinture	noun	fra
talha	noun	oci	taille	noun	fra
talha	noun	oci	stature	noun	fra
engrepesit	adjective	oci	engourdi	adjective	fra
Brooklyn	properNoun	oci	Brooklyn	properNoun	fra
Warwick	properNoun	oci	Warwick	properNoun	fra
calma	noun	oci	calme	noun	fra
Neyts-Uyttebroeck	properNoun	oci	Neyts-Uyttebroeck	properNoun	fra
encombrament	noun	oci	embouteillage	noun	fra
en fòra de	preposition	oci	en dehors de	preposition	fra
Gallimard	properNoun	oci	Gallimard	properNoun	fra
von Frisch	properNoun	oci	von Frisch	properNoun	fra
Giulia	properNoun	oci	Giulia	properNoun	fra
Planas	properNoun	oci	Planas	properNoun	fra
aperar	verb	oci	dénommer	verb	fra
aperar	verb	oci	appeler	verb	fra
dependent	adjective	oci	dépendant	adjective	fra
Muela	properNoun	oci	Muela	properNoun	fra
cartografic	adjective	oci	cartographique	adjective	fra
obèrt	adjective	oci	ouvert	adjective	fra
valorizar	verb	oci	valoriser	verb	fra
Lorente	properNoun	oci	Lorente	properNoun	fra
delicadesa	noun	oci	délicatesse	noun	fra
Mollen	properNoun	oci	Mollen	properNoun	fra
sofrologia	noun	oci	sophrologie	noun	fra
orgulh	noun	oci	orgueil	noun	fra
accelerator	adjective	oci	accélérateur	adjective	fra
Régis	properNoun	oci	Régis	properNoun	fra
mnemotecnic	adjective	oci	mnémotechnique	adjective	fra
atrocitat	noun	oci	atrocité	noun	fra
BNG	noun	oci	BNG	noun	fra
Unger	properNoun	oci	Unger	properNoun	fra
Hanson	properNoun	oci	Hanson	properNoun	fra
neorealisme	noun	oci	néoréalisme	noun	fra
Terenci	properNoun	oci	Terenci	properNoun	fra
açana	noun	oci	cenelle	noun	fra
Salas	properNoun	oci	Salas	properNoun	fra
mar del Nòrd	properNoun	oci	mer du Nord	properNoun	fra
von der Pfalz	properNoun	oci	von der Pfalz	properNoun	fra
Khan	properNoun	oci	Khan	properNoun	fra
titanesc	adjective	oci	titanesque	adjective	fra
Giancola	properNoun	oci	Giancola	properNoun	fra
Samsung	properNoun	oci	Samsung	properNoun	fra
Teixidó	properNoun	oci	Teixidó	properNoun	fra
Pous	properNoun	oci	Pous	properNoun	fra
Barbie	properNoun	oci	Barbie	properNoun	fra
carrièra	noun	oci	rue	noun	fra
Léonard	properNoun	oci	Léonard	properNoun	fra
Adenauer	properNoun	oci	Adenauer	properNoun	fra
pagòda	noun	oci	pagode	noun	fra
mordedura	noun	oci	morsure	noun	fra
prosperar	verb	oci	prospérer	verb	fra
dètz-e-ueit	numeral	oci	dix-huit	numeral	fra
cluèg	noun	oci	glui	noun	fra
fatiga	noun	oci	fatigue	noun	fra
Thiboutot	properNoun	oci	Thiboutot	properNoun	fra
emb	preposition	oci	avec	preposition	fra
Morell	properNoun	oci	Morell	properNoun	fra
Jawad	properNoun	oci	Jawad	properNoun	fra
anticiclonic	adjective	oci	anticyclonique	adjective	fra
democratic	adjective	oci	démocratique	adjective	fra
al delà de	preposition	oci	au-delà de	preposition	fra
Dixon	properNoun	oci	Dixon	properNoun	fra
Harriet	properNoun	oci	Harriet	properNoun	fra
a l'auton	adverb	oci	à l'automne	adverb	fra
Llauradó	properNoun	oci	Llauradó	properNoun	fra
inanitat	noun	oci	inanité	noun	fra
Osasuna	properNoun	oci	Osasuna	properNoun	fra
pur	adjective	oci	pur	adjective	fra
ciutadania	noun	oci	citoyenneté	noun	fra
climatologia	noun	oci	climatologie	noun	fra
Fergunson	properNoun	oci	Fergunson	properNoun	fra
Ospina	properNoun	oci	Ospina	properNoun	fra
medalha	noun	oci	médaille	noun	fra
lirisme	noun	oci	lyrisme	noun	fra
Tordera	properNoun	oci	Tordera	properNoun	fra
Gàlvez	properNoun	oci	Gàlvez	properNoun	fra
Villanueva	properNoun	oci	Villanueva	properNoun	fra
Morpurgo	properNoun	oci	Morpurgo	properNoun	fra
Branco	properNoun	oci	Branco	properNoun	fra
Cristòl Colomb	properNoun	oci	Christophore Colomb	properNoun	fra
Cristòl Colomb	properNoun	oci	Christophe Colomb	properNoun	fra
coròla	noun	oci	corolle	noun	fra
Werzberger	properNoun	oci	Werzberger	properNoun	fra
promés	adjective	oci	fiancé	adjective	fra
cristianar	verb	oci	baptiser	verb	fra
Dickey	properNoun	oci	Dickey	properNoun	fra
Gallifa	properNoun	oci	Gallifa	properNoun	fra
El Niño	properNoun	oci	El Niño	properNoun	fra
assignar	verb	oci	assigner	verb	fra
Grenot	properNoun	oci	Grenot	properNoun	fra
confession	noun	oci	aveu	noun	fra
plat	adjective	oci	plat	adjective	fra
Faith	properNoun	oci	Faith	properNoun	fra
obtenir	verb	oci	obtenir	verb	fra
atribuïr	verb	oci	attribuer	verb	fra
shordar	verb	oci	déranger	verb	fra
shordar	verb	oci	gêner	verb	fra
Queensland	properNoun	oci	Queensland	properNoun	fra
cintre	noun	oci	cintre	noun	fra
Alfieri	properNoun	oci	Alfieri	properNoun	fra
liurament	noun	oci	livraison	noun	fra
Venegas	properNoun	oci	Venegas	properNoun	fra
Cho	properNoun	oci	Cho	properNoun	fra
Sarthe	properNoun	oci	Sarthe	properNoun	fra
Los Angeles	properNoun	oci	Los Angeles	properNoun	fra
Farinaccio	properNoun	oci	Farinaccio	properNoun	fra
Saavedra	properNoun	oci	Saavedra	properNoun	fra
Bourdon	properNoun	oci	Bourdon	properNoun	fra
Kyiv	properNoun	oci	Kiev	properNoun	fra
Portal	properNoun	oci	Portal	properNoun	fra
Hector	properNoun	oci	Hector	properNoun	fra
Eroles	properNoun	oci	Eroles	properNoun	fra
CSKA	noun	oci	CSKA	noun	fra
Ayoub	properNoun	oci	Ayoub	properNoun	fra
cronica	noun	oci	chronique	noun	fra
escampilhar	verb	oci	répandre	verb	fra
escampilhar	verb	oci	éparpiller	verb	fra
teissut	adjective	oci	tissu	adjective	fra
teissut	adjective	oci	tissé	adjective	fra
Lavilla	properNoun	oci	Lavilla	properNoun	fra
Desalliers	properNoun	oci	Desalliers	properNoun	fra
Rodoreda	properNoun	oci	Rodoreda	properNoun	fra
Arratibel	properNoun	oci	Arratibel	properNoun	fra
curbir	verb	oci	couvrir	verb	fra
pacificacion	noun	oci	pacification	noun	fra
eraldic	adjective	oci	héraldique	adjective	fra
Gince	properNoun	oci	Gince	properNoun	fra
Montiano	properNoun	oci	Montiano	properNoun	fra
Jawo	properNoun	oci	Jawo	properNoun	fra
iniciativa	noun	oci	initiative	noun	fra
Denisa	properNoun	oci	Denisa	properNoun	fra
Bouvet	properNoun	oci	Bouvet	properNoun	fra
Lehoux	properNoun	oci	Lehoux	properNoun	fra
univocitat	noun	oci	univocité	noun	fra
sinistrat	adjective	oci	sinistré	adjective	fra
sapientat	noun	oci	sagesse	noun	fra
jornalièr	adjective	oci	journalier	adjective	fra
jornalièr	adjective	oci	quotidien	adjective	fra
toquelauenc	noun	oci	Tokelauan	noun	fra
Casgrain	properNoun	oci	Casgrain	properNoun	fra
Masramon	properNoun	oci	Masramon	properNoun	fra
Keays	properNoun	oci	Keays	properNoun	fra
sedusent	adjective	oci	séduisant	adjective	fra
Losantos	properNoun	oci	Losantos	properNoun	fra
auricular	adjective	oci	auriculaire	adjective	fra
actor	noun	oci	acteur	noun	fra
Aragay	properNoun	oci	Aragay	properNoun	fra
enta	preposition	oci	pour	preposition	fra
barbadian	adjective	oci	barbadien	adjective	fra
umiliar	verb	oci	humilier	verb	fra
Sexton	properNoun	oci	Sexton	properNoun	fra
meravilha	noun	oci	merveille	noun	fra
entosiasta	adjective	oci	enthousiaste	adjective	fra
Camarena	properNoun	oci	Camarena	properNoun	fra
Leo	properNoun	oci	Leo	properNoun	fra
Cosworth	properNoun	oci	Cosworth	properNoun	fra
Perálvarez	properNoun	oci	Perálvarez	properNoun	fra
criptic	adjective	oci	cryptique	adjective	fra
Barrufet	properNoun	oci	Barrufet	properNoun	fra
von Kassler	properNoun	oci	von Kassler	properNoun	fra
convulsiu	adjective	oci	convulsif	adjective	fra
prematurat	adjective	oci	prématuré	adjective	fra
naturalesa	noun	oci	nature	noun	fra
López	properNoun	oci	López	properNoun	fra
comonicacion	noun	oci	communication	noun	fra
puish que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	puisque	subordinatingConjunction	fra
molhèr	noun	oci	époux	noun	fra
molhèr	noun	oci	femme	noun	fra
gola	noun	oci	gouffre	noun	fra
Trigueros	properNoun	oci	Trigueros	properNoun	fra
Bruna	properNoun	oci	Bruna	properNoun	fra
igienicament	adverb	oci	hygiéniquement	adverb	fra
virada	noun	oci	virage	noun	fra
virada	noun	oci	tournée	noun	fra
abrismar	verb	oci	ravager	verb	fra
abrismar	verb	oci	catastropher	verb	fra
Wolfgang	properNoun	oci	Wolfgang	properNoun	fra
Soliz	properNoun	oci	Soliz	properNoun	fra
explicitament	adverb	oci	explicitement	adverb	fra
relançar	verb	oci	relancer	verb	fra
pneumatic	adjective	oci	pneumatique	adjective	fra
ossós	adjective	oci	osseux	adjective	fra
trufa	noun	oci	truffe	noun	fra
trufa	noun	oci	pomme de terre	noun	fra
Grenòble	properNoun	oci	Grenoble	properNoun	fra
drecha	noun	oci	droite	noun	fra
Cosima	properNoun	oci	Cosima	properNoun	fra
De Magalhães	properNoun	oci	De Magalhães	properNoun	fra
contrari	adjective	oci	contraire	adjective	fra
Morata	properNoun	oci	Morata	properNoun	fra
tissós	adjective	oci	maniaque	adjective	fra
tissós	adjective	oci	irascible	adjective	fra
Lafarga	properNoun	oci	Lafarga	properNoun	fra
seriós	adjective	oci	sérieux	adjective	fra
Delaunière	properNoun	oci	Delaunière	properNoun	fra
Legresley	properNoun	oci	Legresley	properNoun	fra
Manson	properNoun	oci	Manson	properNoun	fra
redreçar	verb	oci	redresser	verb	fra
Modol	properNoun	oci	Modol	properNoun	fra
esfòrç	noun	oci	effort	noun	fra
Salesse	properNoun	oci	Salesse	properNoun	fra
Stevens	properNoun	oci	Stevens	properNoun	fra
acrostic	noun	oci	acrostiche	noun	fra
Clearstream	properNoun	oci	Clearstream	properNoun	fra
Ljubljana	properNoun	oci	Ljubljana	properNoun	fra
Bayarri	properNoun	oci	Bayarri	properNoun	fra
Poulette	properNoun	oci	Poulette	properNoun	fra
rectitud	noun	oci	rectitude	noun	fra
psiquic	adjective	oci	psychique	adjective	fra
ententa	noun	oci	entente	noun	fra
Senna	properNoun	oci	Senna	properNoun	fra
daquòs	noun	oci	machin	noun	fra
tressaut	noun	oci	sursaut	noun	fra
rotièr	adjective	oci	routier	adjective	fra
inconstitucionalitat	noun	oci	inconstitutionnalité	noun	fra
divulgar	verb	oci	divulguer	verb	fra
Ajaccio	properNoun	oci	Ajaccio	properNoun	fra
Mas i Bauzà	properNoun	oci	Mas i Bauzà	properNoun	fra
païsatge	noun	oci	paysage	noun	fra
curd	adjective	oci	kurde	adjective	fra
Skelling	properNoun	oci	Skelling	properNoun	fra
seissanta nòu	numeral	oci	soixante-neuf	numeral	fra
barcelonin	adjective	oci	barcelonais	adjective	fra
Pappalardo	properNoun	oci	Pappalardo	properNoun	fra
Gratacós	properNoun	oci	Gratacós	properNoun	fra
Lachambre	properNoun	oci	Lachambre	properNoun	fra
Boily	properNoun	oci	Boily	properNoun	fra
diesèl	noun	oci	diesel	noun	fra
Laureano	properNoun	oci	Laureano	properNoun	fra
integrant	adjective	oci	intégrant	adjective	fra
accessòri	noun	oci	accessoire	noun	fra
empresonament	noun	oci	emprisonnement	noun	fra
sus plaça	adverb	oci	sur place	adverb	fra
subrenom	noun	oci	surnom	noun	fra
leiçon	noun	oci	leçon	noun	fra
procariòta	adjective	oci	procaryote	adjective	fra
Sarriegi	properNoun	oci	Sarriegi	properNoun	fra
Hathaway	properNoun	oci	Hathaway	properNoun	fra
Anderlecht	properNoun	oci	Anderlecht	properNoun	fra
Fares	properNoun	oci	Fares	properNoun	fra
renovable	adjective	oci	rénovable	adjective	fra
tuca	noun	oci	courge	noun	fra
Asselin	properNoun	oci	Asselin	properNoun	fra
abotiment	noun	oci	aboutissement	noun	fra
lausenja	noun	oci	louange	noun	fra
sodomia	noun	oci	sodomie	noun	fra
agitable	adjective	oci	agitable	adjective	fra
grandesa	noun	oci	grandeur	noun	fra
Arenberg	properNoun	oci	Arenberg	properNoun	fra
Chow	properNoun	oci	Chow	properNoun	fra
frejor	noun	oci	froideur	noun	fra
car	subordinatingConjunction	oci	car	subordinatingConjunction	fra
besson	noun	oci	jumeau	noun	fra
prealable	noun	oci	préalable	noun	fra
terralhièr	noun	oci	potier	noun	fra
a causa de	preposition	oci	pour cause de	preposition	fra
a causa de	preposition	oci	en raison de	preposition	fra
a causa de	preposition	oci	à cause de	preposition	fra
Macian	properNoun	oci	Macian	properNoun	fra
Costa	properNoun	oci	Costa	properNoun	fra
enfància	noun	oci	enfance	noun	fra
fuòc	noun	oci	feu	noun	fra
Baca	properNoun	oci	Baca	properNoun	fra
Pintus	properNoun	oci	Pintus	properNoun	fra
escandalós	adjective	oci	scandaleux	adjective	fra
von Riggisberg	properNoun	oci	von Riggisberg	properNoun	fra
indonesian	adjective	oci	indonésien	adjective	fra
Janer	properNoun	oci	Janer	properNoun	fra
Krutxaga	properNoun	oci	Krutxaga	properNoun	fra
marqués	noun	oci	marquis	noun	fra
pel mejan de	preposition	oci	au moyen de	preposition	fra
pel mejan de	preposition	oci	par l'intermédiaire de	preposition	fra
abelhièr	noun	oci	rucher	noun	fra
abelhièr	noun	oci	guêpier	noun	fra
Ruggiero	properNoun	oci	Ruggiero	properNoun	fra
Paulette	properNoun	oci	Paulette	properNoun	fra
agressiu	adjective	oci	agressif	adjective	fra
Desbois	properNoun	oci	Desbois	properNoun	fra
superposicion	noun	oci	superposition	noun	fra
assignacion	noun	oci	assignation	noun	fra
assignacion	noun	oci	attribution	noun	fra
Payami	properNoun	oci	Payami	properNoun	fra
Gollain	properNoun	oci	Gollain	properNoun	fra
residir	verb	oci	résider	verb	fra
St-Fleur	properNoun	oci	St-Fleur	properNoun	fra
Miterrand	properNoun	oci	Miterrand	properNoun	fra
Chevarie	properNoun	oci	Chevarie	properNoun	fra
tais	noun	oci	blaireau	noun	fra
altitud	noun	oci	altitude	noun	fra
Ogrady	properNoun	oci	Ogrady	properNoun	fra
popularitat	noun	oci	popularité	noun	fra
Lecours	properNoun	oci	Lecours	properNoun	fra
condensacion	noun	oci	condensation	noun	fra
espontanèament	adverb	oci	spontanément	adverb	fra
lesbiana	noun	oci	lesbienne	noun	fra
Alstom	properNoun	oci	Alstom	properNoun	fra
Bergara	properNoun	oci	Bergara	properNoun	fra
Silberman	properNoun	oci	Silberman	properNoun	fra
Chauvin	properNoun	oci	Chauvin	properNoun	fra
Egibar	properNoun	oci	Egibar	properNoun	fra
Joaquin	properNoun	oci	Joaquin	properNoun	fra
cabreta	noun	oci	cornemuse	noun	fra
UB	noun	oci	UB	noun	fra
Joyal	properNoun	oci	Joyal	properNoun	fra
tsarista	adjective	oci	tsariste	adjective	fra
Snyder	properNoun	oci	Snyder	properNoun	fra
Doiron	properNoun	oci	Doiron	properNoun	fra
amnistia	noun	oci	amnistie	noun	fra
registre	noun	oci	registre	noun	fra
proclamacion	noun	oci	proclamation	noun	fra
Milosevic	properNoun	oci	Milosevic	properNoun	fra
Xostakóvitx	properNoun	oci	Xostakóvitx	properNoun	fra
Estivill	properNoun	oci	Estivill	properNoun	fra
Cidoncha	properNoun	oci	Cidoncha	properNoun	fra
asirar	verb	oci	haïr	verb	fra
Anfruns	properNoun	oci	Anfruns	properNoun	fra
Ciccarelli	properNoun	oci	Ciccarelli	properNoun	fra
Constantin	properNoun	oci	Constantin	properNoun	fra
Samsó	properNoun	oci	Samsó	properNoun	fra
Bevan	properNoun	oci	Bevan	properNoun	fra
Winson	properNoun	oci	Windsor	properNoun	fra
selectiu	adjective	oci	sélectif	adjective	fra
enlòc	adverb	oci	nulle part	adverb	fra
coagulacion	noun	oci	coagulation	noun	fra
gat	noun	oci	chat	noun	fra
Placid	properNoun	oci	Placid	properNoun	fra
translucid	adjective	oci	translucide	adjective	fra
decebent	adjective	oci	décevant	adjective	fra
von Bayern	properNoun	oci	von Bayern	properNoun	fra
delicadament	adverb	oci	délicatement	adverb	fra
relegacion	noun	oci	relégation	noun	fra
Goulet	properNoun	oci	Goulet	properNoun	fra
gag	noun	oci	gag	noun	fra
doceta	noun	oci	mâche	noun	fra
toston	noun	oci	poupon	noun	fra
Olmstead	properNoun	oci	Olmstead	properNoun	fra
Tahiri	properNoun	oci	Tahiri	properNoun	fra
cubeta	noun	oci	cuvette	noun	fra
trenta sèt	numeral	oci	trente-sept	numeral	fra
Dulmaine	properNoun	oci	Dulmaine	properNoun	fra
Bayon	properNoun	oci	Bayon	properNoun	fra
carro	noun	oci	char	noun	fra
Abdel	properNoun	oci	Abdel	properNoun	fra
Kerenskii	properNoun	oci	Kerenski	properNoun	fra
exteriorament	adverb	oci	extérieurement	adverb	fra
Mazzola	properNoun	oci	Mazzola	properNoun	fra
Boza	properNoun	oci	Boza	properNoun	fra
cardiologia	noun	oci	cardiologie	noun	fra
frau	noun	oci	fraude	noun	fra
Larisa	properNoun	oci	Larisa	properNoun	fra
compréner	verb	oci	comprendre	verb	fra
pervenca	noun	oci	pervenche	noun	fra
Covadonga	properNoun	oci	Covadonga	properNoun	fra
Badell	properNoun	oci	Badell	properNoun	fra
crotz	noun	oci	croix	noun	fra
instant	noun	oci	instant	noun	fra
garantir	verb	oci	garantir	verb	fra
corporacion	noun	oci	corporation	noun	fra
eth	pronoun	oci	le	pronoun	fra
eth	pronoun	oci	le	determiner	fra
eth	determiner	oci	le	pronoun	fra
eth	determiner	oci	le	determiner	fra
afrontament	noun	oci	affrontement	noun	fra
concentrar	verb	oci	concentrer	verb	fra
Akhtar	properNoun	oci	Akhtar	properNoun	fra
Hilbert	properNoun	oci	Hilbert	properNoun	fra
etiquetatge	noun	oci	étiquetage	noun	fra
iòt	noun	oci	yacht	noun	fra
Blain	properNoun	oci	Blain	properNoun	fra
Núñez	properNoun	oci	Núñez	properNoun	fra
adjectiu	adjective	oci	adjectif	adjective	fra
exemptar	verb	oci	exempter	verb	fra
nefast	adjective	oci	néfaste	adjective	fra
Gelabert	properNoun	oci	Gelabert	properNoun	fra
aerofagia	noun	oci	aérophagie	noun	fra
dominador	noun	oci	dominateur	noun	fra
Noiseux	properNoun	oci	Noiseux	properNoun	fra
atòm	noun	oci	atome	noun	fra
prescriptiu	adjective	oci	prescriptif	adjective	fra
Noguer	properNoun	oci	Noguer	properNoun	fra
paleontologic	adjective	oci	paléontologique	adjective	fra
multitud	noun	oci	foule	noun	fra
redempcion	noun	oci	rédemption	noun	fra
amargasson	noun	oci	merisier	noun	fra
copia	noun	oci	copie	noun	fra
Buisán	properNoun	oci	Buisán	properNoun	fra
Aussèrra	properNoun	oci	Auxerre	properNoun	fra
solfègi	noun	oci	solfège	noun	fra
pòc	adverb	oci	peu	adverb	fra
Iraizoz	properNoun	oci	Iraizoz	properNoun	fra
Silverman	properNoun	oci	Silverman	properNoun	fra
Cueto	properNoun	oci	Cueto	properNoun	fra
Giraldós	properNoun	oci	Giraldós	properNoun	fra
Barrau	properNoun	oci	Barrau	properNoun	fra
cristian	adjective	oci	chrétien	adjective	fra
Joffre	properNoun	oci	Joffre	properNoun	fra
Bellefleur	properNoun	oci	Bellefleur	properNoun	fra
promocion	noun	oci	promotion	noun	fra
Rama	properNoun	oci	Rama	properNoun	fra
Godall	properNoun	oci	Godall	properNoun	fra
dire	verb	oci	appeler	verb	fra
dire	verb	oci	dire	verb	fra
barcelonés	noun	oci	Barcelonais	noun	fra
en vista de	preposition	oci	en vue de	preposition	fra
intrar	verb	oci	entrer	verb	fra
absolut	noun	oci	absolu	noun	fra
Coromines	properNoun	oci	Coromines	properNoun	fra
rivolet	noun	oci	ruisselet	noun	fra
prat	noun	oci	pré	noun	fra
pegueria	noun	oci	sottise	noun	fra
victima	noun	oci	victime	noun	fra
Raccuglia	properNoun	oci	Raccuglia	properNoun	fra
Puig i Cadafalch	properNoun	oci	Puig i Cadafalch	properNoun	fra
capacitat	noun	oci	capacité	noun	fra
devastacion	noun	oci	dévastation	noun	fra
incompeténcia	noun	oci	incompétence	noun	fra
valencian	adjective	oci	valencien	adjective	fra
Dobbs	properNoun	oci	Dobbs	properNoun	fra
usatge	noun	oci	usage	noun	fra
Parramón	properNoun	oci	Parramón	properNoun	fra
al profièch	adverb	oci	en faveur	adverb	fra
debatre	verb	oci	débattre	verb	fra
Coltrane	properNoun	oci	Coltrane	properNoun	fra
Riquelme	properNoun	oci	Riquelme	properNoun	fra
perfièitament	adverb	oci	parfaitement	adverb	fra
Suez	properNoun	oci	Suez	properNoun	fra
Nouvel	properNoun	oci	Nouvel	properNoun	fra
Caza	properNoun	oci	Caza	properNoun	fra
Payant	properNoun	oci	Payant	properNoun	fra
regetar	verb	oci	rejeter	verb	fra
Murillo	properNoun	oci	Murillo	properNoun	fra
enculpar	verb	oci	inculper	verb	fra
Wundt	properNoun	oci	Wundt	properNoun	fra
del ponch de vista de	preposition	oci	du point de vue de	preposition	fra
siular	verb	oci	siffler	verb	fra
Ganhaire	properNoun	oci	Ganhaire	properNoun	fra
eslovac	noun	oci	slovaque	noun	fra
peis	noun	oci	poisson	noun	fra
Kallas	properNoun	oci	Kallas	properNoun	fra
ALE	noun	oci	ALE	noun	fra
Stephen	properNoun	oci	Stephen	properNoun	fra
escorjaire	adjective	oci	écorcheur	adjective	fra
Campmajó	properNoun	oci	Campmajó	properNoun	fra
Ulam	properNoun	oci	Ulam	properNoun	fra
Moriarti	properNoun	oci	Moriarti	properNoun	fra
dietetic	adjective	oci	diététique	adjective	fra
dimension	noun	oci	dimension	noun	fra
ciclomotor	noun	oci	cyclomoteur	noun	fra
Falcon	properNoun	oci	Falcon	properNoun	fra
Wapistan	properNoun	oci	Wapistan	properNoun	fra
saturabilitat	noun	oci	saturabilité	noun	fra
Branchaud	properNoun	oci	Branchaud	properNoun	fra
tapir	noun	oci	tapir	noun	fra
perfumar	verb	oci	parfumer	verb	fra
montenegrin	noun	oci	montenégrin	noun	fra
Schnyder	properNoun	oci	Schnyder	properNoun	fra
Marlene	properNoun	oci	Marlene	properNoun	fra
nomenclatura	noun	oci	nomenclature	noun	fra
van Gogh	properNoun	oci	van Gogh	properNoun	fra
Rafel	properNoun	oci	Rafel	properNoun	fra
espleit	noun	oci	outil	noun	fra
Verny	properNoun	oci	Verny	properNoun	fra
Lopes	properNoun	oci	Lopes	properNoun	fra
volatil	adjective	oci	volatil	adjective	fra
Boixet	properNoun	oci	Boixet	properNoun	fra
Orsay	properNoun	oci	Orsay	properNoun	fra
Belleville	properNoun	oci	Belleville	properNoun	fra
Frederica	properNoun	oci	Frederica	properNoun	fra
Pirro	properNoun	oci	Pirro	properNoun	fra
coerent	adjective	oci	cohérent	adjective	fra
Dao	properNoun	oci	Dao	properNoun	fra
visualizacion	noun	oci	visualisation	noun	fra
espectromètre	noun	oci	spectromètre	noun	fra
nominalizar	verb	oci	nominaliser	verb	fra
Villares	properNoun	oci	Villares	properNoun	fra
Neil	properNoun	oci	Neil	properNoun	fra
orogenèsi	noun	oci	orogenèse	noun	fra
Jean-Yves	properNoun	oci	Jean-Yves	properNoun	fra
kiwi	noun	oci	kiwi	noun	fra
simpatizant	adjective	oci	sympathisant	adjective	fra
Sinnathamby	properNoun	oci	Sinnathamby	properNoun	fra
Dobs	properNoun	oci	Doubs	properNoun	fra
abstencionista	noun	oci	abstentionniste	noun	fra
ensajar	verb	oci	essayer	verb	fra
Salvador	properNoun	oci	Salvador	properNoun	fra
i	pronoun	oci	y	pronoun	fra
i	pronoun	oci	y	adverb	fra
Arabia Saudita	properNoun	oci	Arabie saoudite	properNoun	fra
correire	noun	oci	coureur	noun	fra
florit	adjective	oci	fleuri	adjective	fra
tenguda	noun	oci	tenue	noun	fra
Dechantal	properNoun	oci	Dechantal	properNoun	fra
Galien	properNoun	oci	Galien	properNoun	fra
viticultura	noun	oci	viticulture	noun	fra
Rasputin	properNoun	oci	Rasputin	properNoun	fra
Rasputin	properNoun	oci	Raspoutine	properNoun	fra
Ouellet	properNoun	oci	Ouellet	properNoun	fra
partenari	noun	oci	partenaire	noun	fra
Espadas	properNoun	oci	Espadas	properNoun	fra
protestar	verb	oci	protester	verb	fra
3n	adjective	oci	3ème	adjective	fra
metal	noun	oci	métal	noun	fra
autre	noun	oci	autre	noun	fra
Bram Stoker	properNoun	oci	Bram Stoker	properNoun	fra
vencedor	adjective	oci	vainqueur	adjective	fra
Bonsant	properNoun	oci	Bonsant	properNoun	fra
austrian	adjective	oci	autrichien	adjective	fra
Lasierra	properNoun	oci	Lasierra	properNoun	fra
marcador	noun	oci	marqueur	noun	fra
concentracion	noun	oci	concentration	noun	fra
Finlay	properNoun	oci	Finlay	properNoun	fra
polivalent	adjective	oci	polyvalent	adjective	fra
etilic	adjective	oci	éthylique	adjective	fra
Utrecht	properNoun	oci	Utrecht	properNoun	fra
Chimeno	properNoun	oci	Chimeno	properNoun	fra
licéncia	noun	oci	licence	noun	fra
ras	adjective	oci	ras	adjective	fra
Morys	properNoun	oci	Morys	properNoun	fra
Guy	properNoun	oci	Guy	properNoun	fra
grandament	adverb	oci	grandement	adverb	fra
McLean	properNoun	oci	McLean	properNoun	fra
Ayers	properNoun	oci	Ayers	properNoun	fra
Fraunhofer	properNoun	oci	Fraunhofer	properNoun	fra
Jebb	properNoun	oci	Jebb	properNoun	fra
un	determiner	oci	un	determiner	fra
Arbelaitz	properNoun	oci	Arbelaitz	properNoun	fra
brasa	noun	oci	braise	noun	fra
collectivista	adjective	oci	collectiviste	adjective	fra
perièr	noun	oci	poirier	noun	fra
digerir	verb	oci	digérer	verb	fra
Ball	properNoun	oci	Ball	properNoun	fra
retraitista	noun	oci	portraitiste	noun	fra
pòrtavions	noun	oci	porte-avions	noun	fra
mediacion	noun	oci	médiation	noun	fra
Romania	properNoun	oci	Roumanie	properNoun	fra
arrevirador	noun	oci	traducteur	noun	fra
Segal	properNoun	oci	Segal	properNoun	fra
presentator	noun	oci	présentateur	noun	fra
Sand	properNoun	oci	Sand	properNoun	fra
Horn	properNoun	oci	Horn	properNoun	fra
Guimond	properNoun	oci	Guimond	properNoun	fra
protocòu	noun	oci	protocole	noun	fra
Montasell	properNoun	oci	Montasell	properNoun	fra
ACB	noun	oci	ACB	noun	fra
Giroux	properNoun	oci	Giroux	properNoun	fra
Ramí	properNoun	oci	Ramí	properNoun	fra
von Leibniz	properNoun	oci	von Leibniz	properNoun	fra
UGT	noun	oci	UGT	noun	fra
Faro	properNoun	oci	Faro	properNoun	fra
Thorne	properNoun	oci	Thorne	properNoun	fra
pecuniari	adjective	oci	pécuniaire	adjective	fra
Schumpeter	properNoun	oci	Schumpeter	properNoun	fra
oncologia	noun	oci	oncologie	noun	fra
Abi	properNoun	oci	Abi	properNoun	fra
aeroplan	noun	oci	aéroplane	noun	fra
Alienòr	properNoun	oci	Aliénor	properNoun	fra
estragon	noun	oci	estragon	noun	fra
un pauc mai de	preposition	oci	un peu plus de	preposition	fra
contaire	noun	oci	conteur	noun	fra
Murdock	properNoun	oci	Murdock	properNoun	fra
issar	verb	oci	hisser	verb	fra
boisselariá	noun	oci	tonnellerie	noun	fra
fresa	noun	oci	impatience	noun	fra
espardilha	noun	oci	espadrille	noun	fra
entèsta	noun	oci	en-tête	noun	fra
Orpinell	properNoun	oci	Orpinell	properNoun	fra
còrn	noun	oci	andouiller	noun	fra
còrn	noun	oci	bois	noun	fra
Brad	properNoun	oci	Brad	properNoun	fra
Mamani	properNoun	oci	Mamani	properNoun	fra
angulós	adjective	oci	anguleux	adjective	fra
canoa caiac	noun	oci	canoë-kayak	noun	fra
SNCF	noun	oci	SNCF	noun	fra
automobila	adjective	oci	automobile	adjective	fra
birman	adjective	oci	birman	adjective	fra
cripta	noun	oci	crypte	noun	fra
Azkuna	properNoun	oci	Azkuna	properNoun	fra
Stephen Harper	properNoun	oci	Stephen Harper	properNoun	fra
Fricano	properNoun	oci	Fricano	properNoun	fra
chadian	adjective	oci	tchadien	adjective	fra
Bes	properNoun	oci	Bes	properNoun	fra
Youtube	properNoun	oci	Youtube	properNoun	fra
Gosselin	properNoun	oci	Gosselin	properNoun	fra
mondan	noun	oci	mondain	noun	fra
Olaya	properNoun	oci	Olaya	properNoun	fra
Sospedra	properNoun	oci	Sospedra	properNoun	fra
Peiró	properNoun	oci	Peiró	properNoun	fra
ovipar	adjective	oci	ovipare	adjective	fra
Ellison	properNoun	oci	Ellison	properNoun	fra
Schalke	properNoun	oci	Schalke	properNoun	fra
Gaspa	properNoun	oci	Gaspa	properNoun	fra
Redon	properNoun	oci	Redon	properNoun	fra
Welles	properNoun	oci	Welles	properNoun	fra
milanés	adjective	oci	milanais	adjective	fra
Dellicolli	properNoun	oci	Dellicolli	properNoun	fra
ràbia	noun	oci	colère	noun	fra
ràbia	noun	oci	rage	noun	fra
implementacion	noun	oci	implémentation	noun	fra
esquerròt	adjective	oci	gaucher	adjective	fra
Alcoba	properNoun	oci	Alcoba	properNoun	fra
antre	noun	oci	antre	noun	fra
despuòi	preposition	oci	depuis	preposition	fra
pianistic	adjective	oci	pianistique	adjective	fra
Courtney	properNoun	oci	Courtney	properNoun	fra
endilhada	noun	oci	hennissement	noun	fra
imprudent	adjective	oci	imprudent	adjective	fra
pterosaure	noun	oci	ptérosaure	noun	fra
penetrabilitat	noun	oci	pénétrabilité	noun	fra
Alburquerque	properNoun	oci	Alburquerque	properNoun	fra
gaubi	noun	oci	habileté	noun	fra
Magan	properNoun	oci	Magan	properNoun	fra
arma	noun	oci	arme	noun	fra
arma	noun	oci	âme	noun	fra
precipitacion	noun	oci	précipitation	noun	fra
estilet	noun	oci	stylet	noun	fra
negrilh	noun	oci	puceron	noun	fra
Delangis	properNoun	oci	Delangis	properNoun	fra
Adrian	properNoun	oci	Adrien	properNoun	fra
Adrian	properNoun	oci	Adrian	properNoun	fra
sciéncia	noun	oci	science	noun	fra
afgan	adjective	oci	afghan	adjective	fra
patinadoira	noun	oci	patinoire	noun	fra
ordinator	noun	oci	ordinateur	noun	fra
Boer	properNoun	oci	Boer	properNoun	fra
Ferri	properNoun	oci	Ferri	properNoun	fra
Colomo	properNoun	oci	Colomo	properNoun	fra
Areva	properNoun	oci	Areva	properNoun	fra
Salvà	properNoun	oci	Salvà	properNoun	fra
Gödel	properNoun	oci	Gödel	properNoun	fra
Lendínez	properNoun	oci	Lendínez	properNoun	fra
avion	noun	oci	avion	noun	fra
Maud	properNoun	oci	Maud	properNoun	fra
de segur	adverb	oci	bien entendu	adverb	fra
malhorqués	noun	oci	majorquin	noun	fra
al meteis temps que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	en même temps que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
reglatge	noun	oci	réglage	noun	fra
fisiopatologia	noun	oci	physiopathologie	noun	fra
Nualart	properNoun	oci	Nualart	properNoun	fra
iteratiu	adjective	oci	itératif	adjective	fra
Culleré	properNoun	oci	Culleré	properNoun	fra
Racine	properNoun	oci	Racine	properNoun	fra
comissari	noun	oci	commissaire	noun	fra
fisança	noun	oci	confiance	noun	fra
terrible	adjective	oci	terrible	adjective	fra
extradiegetic	adjective	oci	extradiégétique	adjective	fra
castic	noun	oci	punition	noun	fra
Jiboti	properNoun	oci	Djibouti	properNoun	fra
Kandahar	properNoun	oci	Kandahar	properNoun	fra
Nancí	properNoun	oci	Nancy	properNoun	fra
Elliott	properNoun	oci	Elliott	properNoun	fra
Tolosa	properNoun	oci	Tolosa	properNoun	fra
Tolosa	properNoun	oci	Toulouse	properNoun	fra
Atzeni	properNoun	oci	Atzeni	properNoun	fra
cuèissa	noun	oci	cuisse	noun	fra
Ming	properNoun	oci	Ming	properNoun	fra
cauva	noun	oci	grotte	noun	fra
aerosòl	noun	oci	aérosol	noun	fra
Illana	properNoun	oci	Illana	properNoun	fra
nis	noun	oci	nid	noun	fra
en cò de	preposition	oci	chez	preposition	fra
Puigpinós	properNoun	oci	Puigpinós	properNoun	fra
Gaignard	properNoun	oci	Gaignard	properNoun	fra
contràriament	adverb	oci	contrairement	adverb	fra
bosnian	noun	oci	bosniaque	noun	fra
en comparason de	preposition	oci	en comparaison de	preposition	fra
Kahn	properNoun	oci	Kahn	properNoun	fra
Nobert	properNoun	oci	Nobert	properNoun	fra
Gulino	properNoun	oci	Gulino	properNoun	fra
desactivacion	noun	oci	désactivation	noun	fra
fauta	noun	oci	faute	noun	fra
autoregulacion	noun	oci	autorégulation	noun	fra
Sicotte	properNoun	oci	Sicotte	properNoun	fra
banut	noun	oci	cocu	noun	fra
crocut	adjective	oci	crochu	adjective	fra
tufèra	noun	oci	truffe	noun	fra
albanés	noun	oci	albanais	noun	fra
Bergillos	properNoun	oci	Bergillos	properNoun	fra
aisseta	noun	oci	aissette	noun	fra
Boadas	properNoun	oci	Boadas	properNoun	fra
Morejón	properNoun	oci	Morejón	properNoun	fra
destrau	noun	oci	hache	noun	fra
berlòca	noun	oci	breloque	noun	fra
Prosperi	properNoun	oci	Prosperi	properNoun	fra
Plummer	properNoun	oci	Plummer	properNoun	fra
tot lo long de	preposition	oci	tout au long de	preposition	fra
venjadissa	noun	oci	vengeance	noun	fra
setanta nòu	numeral	oci	soixante-dix-neuf	numeral	fra
Sauvageau	properNoun	oci	Sauvageau	properNoun	fra
Taboada	properNoun	oci	Taboada	properNoun	fra
Desrochers	properNoun	oci	Desrochers	properNoun	fra
mast	noun	oci	mât	noun	fra
coloracion	noun	oci	coloration	noun	fra
malgrat lo fach que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	malgré le fait que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
potabilitat	noun	oci	potabilité	noun	fra
Kingsbury	properNoun	oci	Kingsbury	properNoun	fra
de nosautres	adjective	oci	à nous	adjective	fra
de nosautres	adjective	oci	à nous	possessivePronoun	fra
de nosautres	possessivePronoun	oci	à nous	adjective	fra
de nosautres	possessivePronoun	oci	à nous	possessivePronoun	fra
galés	adjective	oci	gallois	adjective	fra
abjèctament	adverb	oci	abjectement	adverb	fra
sacerdòci	noun	oci	sacerdoce	noun	fra
Gardien	properNoun	oci	Gardien	properNoun	fra
Patel	properNoun	oci	Patel	properNoun	fra
saturable	adjective	oci	saturable	adjective	fra
Mori	properNoun	oci	Mori	properNoun	fra
Yann	properNoun	oci	Yann	properNoun	fra
Dávalos	properNoun	oci	Dávalos	properNoun	fra
Escobedo	properNoun	oci	Escobedo	properNoun	fra
Mas Arbona	properNoun	oci	Mas Arbona	properNoun	fra
Guiral	properNoun	oci	Guiral	properNoun	fra
Elizegi	properNoun	oci	Elizegi	properNoun	fra
abondar	verb	oci	abonder	verb	fra
Gordon	properNoun	oci	Gordon	properNoun	fra
assamblea	noun	oci	assemblée	noun	fra
centrala	noun	oci	centrale	noun	fra
unilateritat	noun	oci	unilatéralité	noun	fra
pali	noun	oci	poêle	noun	fra
psiquiatria	noun	oci	psychiatrie	noun	fra
Rubens	properNoun	oci	Rubens	properNoun	fra
Boira	properNoun	oci	Boira	properNoun	fra
escríuer	verb	oci	écrire	verb	fra
Bolonha	properNoun	oci	Bologne	properNoun	fra
Steadman	properNoun	oci	Steadman	properNoun	fra
Ferré	properNoun	oci	Ferré	properNoun	fra
ahèr	noun	oci	affaire	noun	fra
arredondir	verb	oci	arrondir	verb	fra
assessorament	noun	oci	conseil	noun	fra
von Brockdorff-Rantzau	properNoun	oci	von Brockdorff-Rantzau	properNoun	fra
fotolisi	noun	oci	photolyse	noun	fra
lard	noun	oci	lard	noun	fra
de delà	adverb	oci	au-delà	adverb	fra
cosmonauta	noun	oci	cosmonaute	noun	fra
Carmel	properNoun	oci	Carmel	properNoun	fra
forca	noun	oci	fourche	noun	fra
aragonés	noun	oci	aragonais	noun	fra
Magro	properNoun	oci	Magro	properNoun	fra
McGuire	properNoun	oci	McGuire	properNoun	fra
Sanfeliu	properNoun	oci	Sanfeliu	properNoun	fra
reinstallacion	noun	oci	réinstallation	noun	fra
autograf	noun	oci	autographe	noun	fra
Daniel Ortega	properNoun	oci	Daniel Ortega	properNoun	fra
Claire	properNoun	oci	Claire	properNoun	fra
Alexander	properNoun	oci	Alexander	properNoun	fra
castanh	adjective	oci	châtain	adjective	fra
Auclair	properNoun	oci	Auclair	properNoun	fra
Yus	properNoun	oci	Yus	properNoun	fra
Barone	properNoun	oci	Barone	properNoun	fra
Perera	properNoun	oci	Perera	properNoun	fra
vacharèla	noun	oci	colchique	noun	fra
glèba	noun	oci	glèbe	noun	fra
Varsòvia	properNoun	oci	Varsovie	properNoun	fra
de Jesus	properNoun	oci	de Jesus	properNoun	fra
petrologia	noun	oci	pétrologie	noun	fra
idrologia	noun	oci	hydrologie	noun	fra
engan	noun	oci	tromperie	noun	fra
Desantis	properNoun	oci	Desantis	properNoun	fra
Ardid	properNoun	oci	Ardid	properNoun	fra
explorar	verb	oci	explorer	verb	fra
Sepulcre	properNoun	oci	Sepulcre	properNoun	fra
Schmitz	properNoun	oci	Schmitz	properNoun	fra
orada	noun	oci	heure	noun	fra
Mariscal	properNoun	oci	Mariscal	properNoun	fra
fraccion	noun	oci	fraction	noun	fra
descendent	adjective	oci	descendant	adjective	fra
exactitud	noun	oci	exactitude	noun	fra
escrivan	noun	oci	écrivain	noun	fra
ubiqüista	noun	oci	ubiquiste	noun	fra
Tucci	properNoun	oci	Tucci	properNoun	fra
sagrat	noun	oci	sacré	noun	fra
madrigal	noun	oci	madrigal	noun	fra
Boule	properNoun	oci	Boule	properNoun	fra
Ann	properNoun	oci	Ann	properNoun	fra
Barreda	properNoun	oci	Barreda	properNoun	fra
Valcárcel	properNoun	oci	Valcárcel	properNoun	fra
pluòja	noun	oci	pluie	noun	fra
San Diego	properNoun	oci	San Diego	properNoun	fra
Segonda Guèrra Mondiala	properNoun	oci	Seconde Guerre mondiale	properNoun	fra
Dieujuste	properNoun	oci	Dieujuste	properNoun	fra
Kerouac	properNoun	oci	Kerouac	properNoun	fra
sieton	noun	oci	soucoupe	noun	fra
Mendiguchia	properNoun	oci	Mendiguchia	properNoun	fra
evidéncia	noun	oci	évidence	noun	fra
personalitat	noun	oci	personnalité	noun	fra
incrustar	verb	oci	incruster	verb	fra
clarineta	noun	oci	clarinette	noun	fra
marketing	noun	oci	marketing	noun	fra
Cobacho	properNoun	oci	Cobacho	properNoun	fra
Ponte	properNoun	oci	Ponte	properNoun	fra
preténer	verb	oci	prétendre	verb	fra
preténer	verb	oci	viser à	verb	fra
Gasconha	properNoun	oci	Gascogne	properNoun	fra
Zéphir	properNoun	oci	Zéphir	properNoun	fra
tangible	adjective	oci	tangible	adjective	fra
Juliet	properNoun	oci	Juliet	properNoun	fra
Pombert	properNoun	oci	Pombert	properNoun	fra
Petersen	properNoun	oci	Petersen	properNoun	fra
genre	noun	oci	sorte	noun	fra
genre	noun	oci	genre	noun	fra
Sarrias	properNoun	oci	Sarrias	properNoun	fra
toxicologic	adjective	oci	toxicologique	adjective	fra
Mathilde	properNoun	oci	Mathilde	properNoun	fra
Rihanna	properNoun	oci	Rihanna	properNoun	fra
insistentament	adverb	oci	avec insistance	adverb	fra
Ducap	properNoun	oci	Ducap	properNoun	fra
aplaudir	verb	oci	applaudir	verb	fra
partidari	noun	oci	partisan	noun	fra
filat	noun	oci	filet	noun	fra
parallelepipède	noun	oci	parallélépipède	noun	fra
Nathaniel	properNoun	oci	Nathaniel	properNoun	fra
degan	noun	oci	doyen	noun	fra
Raffaela	properNoun	oci	Raffaella	properNoun	fra
Arrufat	properNoun	oci	Arrufat	properNoun	fra
Bastardas	properNoun	oci	Bastardas	properNoun	fra
Leblond	properNoun	oci	Leblond	properNoun	fra
Guignard	properNoun	oci	Guignard	properNoun	fra
mineralogista	noun	oci	minéralogiste	noun	fra
telefon	noun	oci	téléphone	noun	fra
Fresi	properNoun	oci	Fresi	properNoun	fra
culte	adjective	oci	cultivé	adjective	fra
esplendid	adjective	oci	splendide	adjective	fra
cremalhièra	noun	oci	crémaillère	noun	fra
Synnott	properNoun	oci	Synnott	properNoun	fra
Antunes	properNoun	oci	Antunes	properNoun	fra
territorialitat	noun	oci	territorialité	noun	fra
Pujal	properNoun	oci	Pujal	properNoun	fra
Dilmé	properNoun	oci	Dilmé	properNoun	fra
restrictiu	adjective	oci	restrictif	adjective	fra
Rebollar	properNoun	oci	Rebollar	properNoun	fra
85n	adjective	oci	85ème	adjective	fra
Loís	properNoun	oci	Louis	properNoun	fra
Loís	properNoun	oci	Loís	properNoun	fra
nul	noun	oci	nul	noun	fra
bàter	verb	oci	battre	verb	fra
illuminacion	noun	oci	illumination	noun	fra
medish	adverb	oci	même	adverb	fra
kowaitian	adjective	oci	koweïtien	adjective	fra
anglofil	adjective	oci	anglophile	adjective	fra
Tse	properNoun	oci	Tse	properNoun	fra
Cataldi	properNoun	oci	Cataldi	properNoun	fra
Juan de Dios	properNoun	oci	Juan de Dios	properNoun	fra
Marcelo	properNoun	oci	Marcelo	properNoun	fra
popar	verb	oci	téter	verb	fra
86n	adjective	oci	86ème	adjective	fra
apertenença	noun	oci	appartenance	noun	fra
senescalciá	noun	oci	sénéchaussée	noun	fra
Saumier	properNoun	oci	Saumier	properNoun	fra
Pincince	properNoun	oci	Pincince	properNoun	fra
endurcir	verb	oci	endurcir	verb	fra
tèrra	noun	oci	terre	noun	fra
Pettigrew	properNoun	oci	Pettigrew	properNoun	fra
Verrier	properNoun	oci	Verrier	properNoun	fra
librari	noun	oci	libraire	noun	fra
Bertrán	properNoun	oci	Bertrán	properNoun	fra
cobèrt	adjective	oci	couvert	adjective	fra
envasir	verb	oci	envahir	verb	fra
Frigerio	properNoun	oci	Frigerio	properNoun	fra
sodic	adjective	oci	sodique	adjective	fra
Pulitzer	properNoun	oci	Pulitzer	properNoun	fra
monastic	adjective	oci	monastique	adjective	fra
electrosensible	adjective	oci	électrosensible	adjective	fra
segmentar	verb	oci	segmenter	verb	fra
Franzoni	properNoun	oci	Franzoni	properNoun	fra
d'Albertis	properNoun	oci	d'Albertis	properNoun	fra
arborar	verb	oci	arborer	verb	fra
Aristides	properNoun	oci	Aristides	properNoun	fra
Yves	properNoun	oci	Yves	properNoun	fra
Braque	properNoun	oci	Braque	properNoun	fra
vegelha	noun	oci	veille	noun	fra
Chartier	properNoun	oci	Chartier	properNoun	fra
rosat	adjective	oci	rosé	adjective	fra
fonologic	adjective	oci	phonologique	adjective	fra
practicament	adverb	oci	pratiquement	adverb	fra
Mensa	properNoun	oci	Mensa	properNoun	fra
flanc	noun	oci	flanc	noun	fra
Toby	properNoun	oci	Toby	properNoun	fra
Tisnèr	properNoun	oci	Tisnèr	properNoun	fra
Belle	properNoun	oci	Belle	properNoun	fra
proesa	noun	oci	prouesse	noun	fra
declarar	verb	oci	déclarer	verb	fra
reputacion	noun	oci	réputation	noun	fra
reputacion	noun	oci	renommée	noun	fra
Neva	properNoun	oci	Neva	properNoun	fra
ambaissada	noun	oci	ambassade	noun	fra
cinic	adjective	oci	cynique	adjective	fra
Marcet	properNoun	oci	Marcet	properNoun	fra
Rullo	properNoun	oci	Rullo	properNoun	fra
Boyle	properNoun	oci	Boyle	properNoun	fra
Khmelnitski	properNoun	oci	Khmelnitski	properNoun	fra
assercion	noun	oci	assertion	noun	fra
Kenney	properNoun	oci	Kenney	properNoun	fra
projectar	verb	oci	projeter	verb	fra
dich	noun	oci	dit	noun	fra
de Saussure	properNoun	oci	de Saussure	properNoun	fra
Guéant	properNoun	oci	Guéant	properNoun	fra
EST	noun	oci	EST	noun	fra
Legarretaetxeberría	properNoun	oci	Legarretaetxeberría	properNoun	fra
Luzardo	properNoun	oci	Luzardo	properNoun	fra
enzim	noun	oci	enzyme	noun	fra
Presseault	properNoun	oci	Presseault	properNoun	fra
vrespada	noun	oci	soirée	noun	fra
au profiech de	preposition	oci	au profit de	preposition	fra
purificar	verb	oci	purifier	verb	fra
gaudir	verb	oci	jouir	verb	fra
gaudir	verb	oci	amuser	verb	fra
Corbera	properNoun	oci	Corbera	properNoun	fra
adenosina	noun	oci	adénosine	noun	fra
aigrit	adjective	oci	aigri	adjective	fra
víuer	verb	oci	vivre	verb	fra
prebotjar	verb	oci	promouvoir	verb	fra
Stockhausen	properNoun	oci	Stockhausen	properNoun	fra
paradòxa	noun	oci	paradoxe	noun	fra
radèl	noun	oci	radeau	noun	fra
bari	noun	oci	baryum	noun	fra
Drisdelle	properNoun	oci	Drisdelle	properNoun	fra
Nacions Unidas	properNoun	oci	Nations unies	properNoun	fra
despensa	noun	oci	dépense	noun	fra
vuechanta dos	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-deux	numeral	fra
lavador	noun	oci	lavoir	noun	fra
confusion	noun	oci	confusion	noun	fra
perir	verb	oci	périr	verb	fra
Giscard	properNoun	oci	Giscard	properNoun	fra
entad aiçò qu'ei a	preposition	oci	pour ce qui est de	preposition	fra
entad aiçò qu'ei a	preposition	oci	quant à	preposition	fra
entad aiçò qu'ei a	preposition	oci	par rapport à	preposition	fra
Fleta	properNoun	oci	Fleta	properNoun	fra
von Wurmser	properNoun	oci	von Wurmser	properNoun	fra
prèp	adverb	oci	près	adverb	fra
prèp	adverb	oci	à côté	adverb	fra
prèp	adverb	oci	auprès	adverb	fra
Chateauvert	properNoun	oci	Chateauvert	properNoun	fra
Jean-Marie	properNoun	oci	Jean-Marie	properNoun	fra
marroquin	adjective	oci	marocain	adjective	fra
germinacion	noun	oci	germination	noun	fra
quinzau	adjective	oci	quinzième	adjective	fra
Forand	properNoun	oci	Forand	properNoun	fra
doble	noun	oci	double	noun	fra
Dessaints	properNoun	oci	Dessaints	properNoun	fra
Artigas	properNoun	oci	Artigas	properNoun	fra
Engoleime	properNoun	oci	Angoulême	properNoun	fra
auça	noun	oci	hausse	noun	fra
Scrosati	properNoun	oci	Scrosati	properNoun	fra
explicit	adjective	oci	explicite	adjective	fra
saliva	noun	oci	salive	noun	fra
Digenova	properNoun	oci	Digenova	properNoun	fra
trànsit	noun	oci	transit	noun	fra
atencion	interjection	oci	attention	interjection	fra
votacion	noun	oci	votation	noun	fra
Sarmiento	properNoun	oci	Sarmiento	properNoun	fra
Tomé	properNoun	oci	Tomé	properNoun	fra
mameta	noun	oci	grand-père	noun	fra
limita	noun	oci	limite	noun	fra
Daniel	properNoun	oci	Daniel	properNoun	fra
palmon	noun	oci	poumon	noun	fra
Cubí	properNoun	oci	Cubí	properNoun	fra
Sirder	properNoun	oci	Sirder	properNoun	fra
boicòt	noun	oci	boycott	noun	fra
Hope	properNoun	oci	Hope	properNoun	fra
meningiti	noun	oci	méningite	noun	fra
Lyon	properNoun	oci	Lyon	properNoun	fra
Weetaluktuk	properNoun	oci	Weetaluktuk	properNoun	fra
Tyndale	properNoun	oci	Tyndale	properNoun	fra
pipistrèla	noun	oci	pipistrelle	noun	fra
crosièr	noun	oci	transept	noun	fra
baba	noun	oci	chenille	noun	fra
Lecault	properNoun	oci	Lecault	properNoun	fra
Degrandmaison	properNoun	oci	Degrandmaison	properNoun	fra
Lennon	properNoun	oci	Lennon	properNoun	fra
Panneton	properNoun	oci	Panneton	properNoun	fra
Aguilar	properNoun	oci	Aguilar	properNoun	fra
relaxar	verb	oci	relaxer	verb	fra
Flibotte	properNoun	oci	Flibotte	properNoun	fra
neofascista	noun	oci	néofasciste	noun	fra
von Ehrenfels	properNoun	oci	von Ehrenfels	properNoun	fra
solidificar	verb	oci	solidifier	verb	fra
Palomeras	properNoun	oci	Palomeras	properNoun	fra
codificar	verb	oci	codifier	verb	fra
confòrme	adjective	oci	conforme	adjective	fra
giba	noun	oci	bosse	noun	fra
neurofisiologia	noun	oci	neurophysiologie	noun	fra
ozbèc	adjective	oci	ouzbek	adjective	fra
Lord	properNoun	oci	Lord	properNoun	fra
magnetic	adjective	oci	magnétique	adjective	fra
malawian	noun	oci	Malawite	noun	fra
malawian	noun	oci	Malawien	noun	fra
leguenar	verb	oci	glisser	verb	fra
bohada	noun	oci	rafale	noun	fra
exumar	verb	oci	exhumer	verb	fra
Thauvette	properNoun	oci	Thauvette	properNoun	fra
estil	noun	oci	style	noun	fra
contrastable	adjective	oci	contrastable	adjective	fra
Cacciapuoti	properNoun	oci	Cacciapuoti	properNoun	fra
Glinka	properNoun	oci	Glinka	properNoun	fra
Cabra	properNoun	oci	Cabra	properNoun	fra
von Dinkelacker	properNoun	oci	von Dinkelacker	properNoun	fra
Vico	properNoun	oci	Vico	properNoun	fra
Casabon	properNoun	oci	Casabon	properNoun	fra
Bravo	properNoun	oci	Bravo	properNoun	fra
vinagreta	noun	oci	vinaigrette	noun	fra
promocionar	verb	oci	promouvoir	verb	fra
Lausana	properNoun	oci	Lausanne	properNoun	fra
analgesic	adjective	oci	analgésique	adjective	fra
sagnar	verb	oci	saigner	verb	fra
Oregon	properNoun	oci	Oregon	properNoun	fra
Punsolá	properNoun	oci	Punsolá	properNoun	fra
Escunhau	properNoun	oci	Escunhau	properNoun	fra
deserbar	verb	oci	désherber	verb	fra
Doutre	properNoun	oci	Doutre	properNoun	fra
jungla	noun	oci	jungle	noun	fra
lo sieu	pronoun	oci	le sien	pronoun	fra
lo sieu	pronoun	oci	son	determiner	fra
lo sieu	pronoun	oci	son	possessivePronoun	fra
lo sieu	determiner	oci	le sien	pronoun	fra
lo sieu	determiner	oci	son	determiner	fra
lo sieu	determiner	oci	son	possessivePronoun	fra
lo sieu	possessivePronoun	oci	le sien	pronoun	fra
lo sieu	possessivePronoun	oci	son	determiner	fra
lo sieu	possessivePronoun	oci	son	possessivePronoun	fra
Dunberry	properNoun	oci	Dunberry	properNoun	fra
desavantatjar	verb	oci	désavantager	verb	fra
Zayas	properNoun	oci	Zayas	properNoun	fra
CiU	properNoun	oci	CiU	properNoun	fra
Maestre	properNoun	oci	Maestre	properNoun	fra
Lampre	properNoun	oci	Lampre	properNoun	fra
Lion	properNoun	oci	Lion	properNoun	fra
Lion	properNoun	oci	Lyon	properNoun	fra
Lily	properNoun	oci	Lily	properNoun	fra
duplicat	noun	oci	duplicata	noun	fra
rotlament	noun	oci	roulement	noun	fra
arbitrar	verb	oci	arbitrer	verb	fra
nomada	noun	oci	nomade	noun	fra
musaranha	noun	oci	musaraigne	noun	fra
Nimes	properNoun	oci	Nîmes	properNoun	fra
valer	verb	oci	valoir	verb	fra
desfortuna	noun	oci	infortune	noun	fra
calorós	adjective	oci	chaleureux	adjective	fra
raiar	verb	oci	rayer	verb	fra
Gornet	properNoun	oci	Gornet	properNoun	fra
Pavlov	properNoun	oci	Pavlov	properNoun	fra
escafament	adverb	oci	efficacement	adverb	fra
McCullough	properNoun	oci	McCullough	properNoun	fra
menaçar	verb	oci	menacer	verb	fra
Cruyff	properNoun	oci	Cruyff	properNoun	fra
relòtge	noun	oci	horloge	noun	fra
brisaud	noun	oci	blouse	noun	fra
Clements	properNoun	oci	Clements	properNoun	fra
Quero	properNoun	oci	Quero	properNoun	fra
boscatièr	noun	oci	bûcheron	noun	fra
proposicion	noun	oci	proposition	noun	fra
Banach	properNoun	oci	Banach	properNoun	fra
europenc	noun	oci	Européen	noun	fra
al luscre	adverb	oci	au crépuscule	adverb	fra
Provença-Alps-Còsta d'Azur	properNoun	oci	Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur	properNoun	fra
agonia	noun	oci	agonie	noun	fra
levat	adjective	oci	sauf	adjective	fra
Nestlé	properNoun	oci	Nestlé	properNoun	fra
Neptun	properNoun	oci	Neptune	properNoun	fra
Dextraze	properNoun	oci	Dextraze	properNoun	fra
von belgischen	properNoun	oci	von belgischen	properNoun	fra
Blaya	properNoun	oci	Blaya	properNoun	fra
correntament	adverb	oci	couramment	adverb	fra
Cándido	properNoun	oci	Cándido	properNoun	fra
grassament	adverb	oci	grassement	adverb	fra
Villegas	properNoun	oci	Villegas	properNoun	fra
Silvio	properNoun	oci	Silvio	properNoun	fra
atraire	verb	oci	attirer	verb	fra
Rotllan	properNoun	oci	Rotllan	properNoun	fra
codonhièr	noun	oci	cognassier	noun	fra
Lusàcia	properNoun	oci	Lusace	properNoun	fra
Blackburn	properNoun	oci	Blackburn	properNoun	fra
irregularitat	noun	oci	irrégularité	noun	fra
diferent	adjective	oci	différent	adjective	fra
retirament	noun	oci	retrait	noun	fra
Orive	properNoun	oci	Orive	properNoun	fra
Appleton	properNoun	oci	Appleton	properNoun	fra
Majó	properNoun	oci	Majó	properNoun	fra
encara	adverb	oci	encore	adverb	fra
Sénèque	properNoun	oci	Sénèque	properNoun	fra
Mont Blanc	properNoun	oci	Mont-Blanc	properNoun	fra
anastomòsi	noun	oci	anastomose	noun	fra
pivotar	verb	oci	pivoter	verb	fra
dificilament	adverb	oci	difficilement	adverb	fra
posterioritat	noun	oci	postérité	noun	fra
Gugliandolo	properNoun	oci	Gugliandolo	properNoun	fra
armonic	noun	oci	harmonique	noun	fra
mes	noun	oci	mois	noun	fra
precocitat	noun	oci	précocité	noun	fra
Brenes	properNoun	oci	Brenes	properNoun	fra
austrian	noun	oci	Autrichien	noun	fra
forma	noun	oci	forme	noun	fra
Kadoch	properNoun	oci	Kadoch	properNoun	fra
Stefano	properNoun	oci	Stefano	properNoun	fra
Pien	properNoun	oci	Pien	properNoun	fra
nefrologia	noun	oci	néphrologie	noun	fra
filar	adjective	oci	filaire	adjective	fra
Erevan	properNoun	oci	Erevan	properNoun	fra
Ballare	properNoun	oci	Ballare	properNoun	fra
Heineken	properNoun	oci	Heineken	properNoun	fra
Colls	properNoun	oci	Colls	properNoun	fra
investir	verb	oci	investir	verb	fra
pesticida	noun	oci	pesticide	noun	fra
sociològ	noun	oci	sociologue	noun	fra
accident	noun	oci	accident	noun	fra
Blaney	properNoun	oci	Blaney	properNoun	fra
detractor	noun	oci	détracteur	noun	fra
Lebuis	properNoun	oci	Lebuis	properNoun	fra
gautada	noun	oci	gifle	noun	fra
Erazo	properNoun	oci	Erazo	properNoun	fra
voltatge	noun	oci	voltage	noun	fra
molèstia	noun	oci	gêne	noun	fra
eunuc	noun	oci	eunuque	noun	fra
drech	adjective	oci	droit	adjective	fra
assabentar	verb	oci	apprendre	verb	fra
palestinian	noun	oci	Palestinien	noun	fra
Wabie	properNoun	oci	Wabie	properNoun	fra
ubiqüista	adjective	oci	ubiquiste	adjective	fra
sofle	noun	oci	souffle	noun	fra
Oganda	properNoun	oci	Ouganda	properNoun	fra
Lauren	properNoun	oci	Lauren	properNoun	fra
Illan	properNoun	oci	Illan	properNoun	fra
exteriorizacion	noun	oci	extériorisation	noun	fra
Sedano	properNoun	oci	Sedano	properNoun	fra
Arlette	properNoun	oci	Arlette	properNoun	fra
atòme	noun	oci	atome	noun	fra
colonialisme	noun	oci	colonialisme	noun	fra
Manoukian	properNoun	oci	Manoukian	properNoun	fra
epatiti	noun	oci	hépatite	noun	fra
Ralf	properNoun	oci	Ralf	properNoun	fra
brigadièr	noun	oci	brigadier	noun	fra
Billard	properNoun	oci	Billard	properNoun	fra
Pressé	properNoun	oci	Pressé	properNoun	fra
Sanllehy	properNoun	oci	Sanllehy	properNoun	fra
Llena	properNoun	oci	Llena	properNoun	fra
Melinda	properNoun	oci	Melinda	properNoun	fra
pesolh	noun	oci	pou	noun	fra
evanescent	adjective	oci	évanescent	adjective	fra
Farnos	properNoun	oci	Farnos	properNoun	fra
barralha	noun	oci	clôture	noun	fra
collectiu	adjective	oci	collectif	adjective	fra
frontièira	noun	oci	frontière	noun	fra
Alston	properNoun	oci	Alston	properNoun	fra
Shahzad	properNoun	oci	Shahzad	properNoun	fra
Newashish	properNoun	oci	Newashish	properNoun	fra
henerècla	noun	oci	crevasse	noun	fra
henerècla	noun	oci	fente	noun	fra
Bergé	properNoun	oci	Bergé	properNoun	fra
McMurray	properNoun	oci	McMurray	properNoun	fra
Rove	properNoun	oci	Rove	properNoun	fra
Johnny	properNoun	oci	Johnny	properNoun	fra
neofaissista	adjective	oci	néofasciste	adjective	fra
catatonic	noun	oci	catatonique	noun	fra
perforacion	noun	oci	perforation	noun	fra
condolença	noun	oci	condoléance	noun	fra
Gaya	properNoun	oci	Gaya	properNoun	fra
sufixacion	noun	oci	suffixation	noun	fra
adméter	verb	oci	admettre	verb	fra
Yung	properNoun	oci	Yung	properNoun	fra
costièra	noun	oci	côte	noun	fra
Endlein	properNoun	oci	Endlein	properNoun	fra
comtat	noun	oci	comté	noun	fra
incriticable	adjective	oci	incritiquable	adjective	fra
Driscoll	properNoun	oci	Driscoll	properNoun	fra
Hobson	properNoun	oci	Hobson	properNoun	fra
Simarro	properNoun	oci	Simarro	properNoun	fra
maltractar	verb	oci	maltraiter	verb	fra
tesaurizar	verb	oci	thésauriser	verb	fra
Esteban	properNoun	oci	Esteban	properNoun	fra
Fatima	properNoun	oci	Fatima	properNoun	fra
Buisson	properNoun	oci	Buisson	properNoun	fra
avarícia	noun	oci	avarice	noun	fra
Cheikh	properNoun	oci	Cheikh	properNoun	fra
realizador	noun	oci	réalisateur	noun	fra
especular	verb	oci	spéculer	verb	fra
barba	noun	oci	menton	noun	fra
barba	noun	oci	barbe	noun	fra
de Diego	properNoun	oci	de Diego	properNoun	fra
perseverança	noun	oci	persévérance	noun	fra
Galbis	properNoun	oci	Galbis	properNoun	fra
Rubianes	properNoun	oci	Rubianes	properNoun	fra
Pires	properNoun	oci	Pires	properNoun	fra
Cras	properNoun	oci	Cras	properNoun	fra
Lancho	properNoun	oci	Lancho	properNoun	fra
Trahan	properNoun	oci	Trahan	properNoun	fra
Almela	properNoun	oci	Almela	properNoun	fra
Taylor	properNoun	oci	Taylor	properNoun	fra
Villatoro	properNoun	oci	Villatoro	properNoun	fra
valorar	verb	oci	estimer	verb	fra
valorar	verb	oci	supputer	verb	fra
Wiener	properNoun	oci	Wiener	properNoun	fra
importator	noun	oci	importateur	noun	fra
Marshal	properNoun	oci	Marshal	properNoun	fra
paviment	noun	oci	dallage	noun	fra
esponsorizar	verb	oci	sponsoriser	verb	fra
lapin	noun	oci	lapin	noun	fra
Mballo	properNoun	oci	Mballo	properNoun	fra
cagaraula	noun	oci	escargot	noun	fra
conduit	noun	oci	conduit	noun	fra
europenc	adjective	oci	européen	adjective	fra
impulsar	verb	oci	stimuler	verb	fra
Palomares	properNoun	oci	Palomares	properNoun	fra
Kenneth	properNoun	oci	Kenneth	properNoun	fra
vulgarisme	noun	oci	vulgarisme	noun	fra
Nadarajah	properNoun	oci	Nadarajah	properNoun	fra
sauvagardar	verb	oci	sauvegarder	verb	fra
quista	noun	oci	quête	noun	fra
escometuda	noun	oci	assaillie	noun	fra
cauquilha	noun	oci	coquillage	noun	fra
cauquilha	noun	oci	coquille	noun	fra
pavòt	noun	oci	coquelicot	noun	fra
pavòt	noun	oci	pavot	noun	fra
marran	noun	oci	bélier	noun	fra
Crestian	properNoun	oci	Christian	properNoun	fra
Crestian	properNoun	oci	Crestian	properNoun	fra
Orejuela	properNoun	oci	Orejuela	properNoun	fra
sensualitat	noun	oci	sensualité	noun	fra
fòrt	noun	oci	fort	noun	fra
Corredera	properNoun	oci	Corredera	properNoun	fra
ajustament	noun	oci	ajustement	noun	fra
Borduas	properNoun	oci	Borduas	properNoun	fra
compausant	noun	oci	composant	noun	fra
ieroglific	adjective	oci	hiéroglyphique	adjective	fra
acusat	adjective	oci	accusé	adjective	fra
Cassista	properNoun	oci	Cassista	properNoun	fra
installar	verb	oci	installer	verb	fra
malhòt	noun	oci	maillot	noun	fra
Mazur	properNoun	oci	Mazur	properNoun	fra
tretze	numeral	oci	treize	numeral	fra
Fireman	properNoun	oci	Fireman	properNoun	fra
miliard	noun	oci	milliard	noun	fra
costièr	adjective	oci	côtier	adjective	fra
Pinzón	properNoun	oci	Pinzón	properNoun	fra
tapàs	noun	oci	tampon	noun	fra
Desrosiers	properNoun	oci	Desrosiers	properNoun	fra
abondància	noun	oci	abondance	noun	fra
planetari	adjective	oci	planétaire	adjective	fra
Jimmy	properNoun	oci	Jimmy	properNoun	fra
Barakaldo	properNoun	oci	Barakaldo	properNoun	fra
Amin	properNoun	oci	Amin	properNoun	fra
autonomisme	noun	oci	autonomisme	noun	fra
porcin	adjective	oci	porcin	adjective	fra
lenha	noun	oci	bois	noun	fra
Moral	properNoun	oci	Moral	properNoun	fra
indissoluble	adjective	oci	indissoluble	adjective	fra
Marthe	properNoun	oci	Marthe	properNoun	fra
blòda	noun	oci	blouse	noun	fra
moqueta	noun	oci	moquette	noun	fra
Belizaire	properNoun	oci	Belizaire	properNoun	fra
Gerry	properNoun	oci	Gerry	properNoun	fra
Manhattan	properNoun	oci	Manhattan	properNoun	fra
Bamako	properNoun	oci	Bamako	properNoun	fra
gitar	verb	oci	jeter	verb	fra
ficha	noun	oci	fiche	noun	fra
ficha	noun	oci	arête	noun	fra
Valderas	properNoun	oci	Valderas	properNoun	fra
escapolon	noun	oci	échantillonnage	noun	fra
escapolon	noun	oci	échantillon	noun	fra
Sant Malòu	properNoun	oci	Saint-Malo	properNoun	fra
florista	noun	oci	fleuriste	noun	fra
Clarkson	properNoun	oci	Clarkson	properNoun	fra
Monte	properNoun	oci	Monte	properNoun	fra
inventor	noun	oci	inventeur	noun	fra
Belenguer	properNoun	oci	Belenguer	properNoun	fra
venent	adjective	oci	prochain	adjective	fra
venent	adjective	oci	suivant	adjective	fra
cauç	noun	oci	chaux	noun	fra
Laurendeau	properNoun	oci	Laurendeau	properNoun	fra
Irvine	properNoun	oci	Irvine	properNoun	fra
Barabé	properNoun	oci	Barabé	properNoun	fra
Fàbrega	properNoun	oci	Fàbrega	properNoun	fra
Waring	properNoun	oci	Waring	properNoun	fra
Lario	properNoun	oci	Lario	properNoun	fra
Belli	properNoun	oci	Belli	properNoun	fra
Gol	properNoun	oci	Gol	properNoun	fra
maquiavelic	adjective	oci	machiavélique	adjective	fra
badinada	noun	oci	plaisanterie	noun	fra
bòça	noun	oci	bosse	noun	fra
Marie-Thérèse	properNoun	oci	Marie-Thérèse	properNoun	fra
peirada	noun	oci	barrage	noun	fra
Gamble	properNoun	oci	Gamble	properNoun	fra
plaqueta	noun	oci	plaquette	noun	fra
Albéniz	properNoun	oci	Albéniz	properNoun	fra
andicapat	noun	oci	handicapé	noun	fra
programmacion	noun	oci	programmation	noun	fra
contraceptiu	adjective	oci	contraceptif	adjective	fra
Antananarivo	properNoun	oci	Antananativo	properNoun	fra
reobertura	noun	oci	réouverture	noun	fra
Malko	properNoun	oci	Malko	properNoun	fra
ersaire	noun	oci	surfeur	noun	fra
repercutir	verb	oci	retentir	verb	fra
Riviera	properNoun	oci	Riviera	properNoun	fra
Hawaii	properNoun	oci	Hawaii	properNoun	fra
Hawaii	properNoun	oci	Hawaï	properNoun	fra
Alberola	properNoun	oci	Alberola	properNoun	fra
Champegnois	properNoun	oci	Champegnois	properNoun	fra
legum	noun	oci	légume	noun	fra
lèu	adverb	oci	vite	adverb	fra
lèu	adverb	oci	rapidement	adverb	fra
lèu	adverb	oci	bientôt	adverb	fra
lèu	adverb	oci	tôt	adverb	fra
Opel	properNoun	oci	Opel	properNoun	fra
Tomassini	properNoun	oci	Tomassini	properNoun	fra
Boscà	properNoun	oci	Boscà	properNoun	fra
infèrn	noun	oci	enfer	noun	fra
Lupe	properNoun	oci	Lupe	properNoun	fra
marbrar	verb	oci	marbrer	verb	fra
Juno	properNoun	oci	Juno	properNoun	fra
astringéncia	noun	oci	astringence	noun	fra
Fulgencio	properNoun	oci	Fulgencio	properNoun	fra
Lepik	properNoun	oci	Lepik	properNoun	fra
camin de fèrre	noun	oci	chemin de fer	noun	fra
Xavièr	properNoun	oci	Xavier	properNoun	fra
Xavièr	properNoun	oci	Xavièr	properNoun	fra
molecular	adjective	oci	moléculaire	adjective	fra
Gabor	properNoun	oci	Gabor	properNoun	fra
Beaudin	properNoun	oci	Beaudin	properNoun	fra
Brook	properNoun	oci	Brook	properNoun	fra
UMP	properNoun	oci	UMP	properNoun	fra
tronc	noun	oci	tronc	noun	fra
Balmes	properNoun	oci	Balmes	properNoun	fra
endintrar	verb	oci	enfoncer	verb	fra
lucid	adjective	oci	lucide	adjective	fra
nigerin	noun	oci	Nigérien	noun	fra
semblar	verb	oci	sembler	verb	fra
semblar	verb	oci	ressembler	verb	fra
parentat	noun	oci	parenté	noun	fra
Aymerich	properNoun	oci	Aymerich	properNoun	fra
animisme	noun	oci	animisme	noun	fra
victoriós	adjective	oci	victorieux	adjective	fra
dioxina	noun	oci	dioxine	noun	fra
espècia	noun	oci	espèce	noun	fra
espècia	noun	oci	épice	noun	fra
Abbie	properNoun	oci	Abbie	properNoun	fra
desfavorable	adjective	oci	défavorable	adjective	fra
panflet	noun	oci	pamphlet	noun	fra
Pociello	properNoun	oci	Pociello	properNoun	fra
bocla	noun	oci	boucle	noun	fra
brèu	adverb	oci	bref	adverb	fra
Calvente	properNoun	oci	Calvente	properNoun	fra
Haba	properNoun	oci	Haba	properNoun	fra
ozòn	noun	oci	ozone	noun	fra
Rossellini	properNoun	oci	Rossellini	properNoun	fra
inventivitat	noun	oci	inventivité	noun	fra
Montmigny	properNoun	oci	Montmigny	properNoun	fra
Sòna	properNoun	oci	Saône	properNoun	fra
Cucurull	properNoun	oci	Cucurull	properNoun	fra
Choquette	properNoun	oci	Choquette	properNoun	fra
mamot	noun	oci	mammouth	noun	fra
zòmbi	noun	oci	zombie	noun	fra
Landreville	properNoun	oci	Landreville	properNoun	fra
cabestrant	noun	oci	cabestan	noun	fra
Davie	properNoun	oci	Davie	properNoun	fra
enamorar	verb	oci	tomber amoureux	verb	fra
enamorar	verb	oci	enamourer	verb	fra
lexèma	noun	oci	lexème	noun	fra
cardiac	adjective	oci	cardiaque	adjective	fra
Hortelano	properNoun	oci	Hortelano	properNoun	fra
paginacion	noun	oci	pagination	noun	fra
afin que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	afin que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
aeromodelisme	noun	oci	aéromodélisme	noun	fra
Yvon	properNoun	oci	Yvon	properNoun	fra
Anguilha	properNoun	oci	Anguilla	properNoun	fra
contundéncia	noun	oci	force	noun	fra
Peco	properNoun	oci	Peco	properNoun	fra
Cromp	properNoun	oci	Cromp	properNoun	fra
Saint-Denis	properNoun	oci	Saint-Denis	properNoun	fra
filològ	noun	oci	philologue	noun	fra
Hovington	properNoun	oci	Hovington	properNoun	fra
Slavík	properNoun	oci	Slavík	properNoun	fra
Collette	properNoun	oci	Collette	properNoun	fra
Úlehla	properNoun	oci	Úlehla	properNoun	fra
acumulator	noun	oci	accumulateur	noun	fra
proligèr	adjective	oci	proligère	adjective	fra
anarquista	noun	oci	anarchiste	noun	fra
cigonha	noun	oci	cigogne	noun	fra
Bouthillette	properNoun	oci	Bouthillette	properNoun	fra
Morgan	properNoun	oci	Morgan	properNoun	fra
Pellicer	properNoun	oci	Pellicer	properNoun	fra
Trénor	properNoun	oci	Trénor	properNoun	fra
dioxid	noun	oci	dioxyde	noun	fra
Bonaigua	properNoun	oci	Bonaigua	properNoun	fra
Villén	properNoun	oci	Villén	properNoun	fra
Bracken	properNoun	oci	Bracken	properNoun	fra
descurbir	verb	oci	dépister	verb	fra
descurbir	verb	oci	déceler	verb	fra
descurbir	verb	oci	découvrir	verb	fra
OVNI	noun	oci	OVNI	noun	fra
pulverizacion	noun	oci	pulvérisation	noun	fra
cirurgia	noun	oci	chirurgie	noun	fra
Gaumont	properNoun	oci	Gaumont	properNoun	fra
Lengadòc	properNoun	oci	Languedoc	properNoun	fra
terrador	noun	oci	terroir	noun	fra
Lefaivre	properNoun	oci	Lefaivre	properNoun	fra
candèla	noun	oci	chandelle	noun	fra
candèla	noun	oci	bougie	noun	fra
sinistre	adjective	oci	sinistre	adjective	fra
realament	adverb	oci	réellement	adverb	fra
se	pronoun	oci	se	pronoun	fra
se	pronoun	oci	se	reflexivePersonalPronoun	fra
Paulí	properNoun	oci	Paulí	properNoun	fra
intransitiu	adjective	oci	intransitif	adjective	fra
comunion	noun	oci	communion	noun	fra
independentista	noun	oci	indépendantiste	noun	fra
politicaire	adjective	oci	politicien	adjective	fra
printemps	noun	oci	printemps	noun	fra
bilhet	noun	oci	billet	noun	fra
formidable	adjective	oci	formidable	adjective	fra
gigantisme	noun	oci	gigantisme	noun	fra
Montalegre	properNoun	oci	Montalegre	properNoun	fra
mantun còp	adverb	oci	à plusieurs reprises	adverb	fra
generós	adjective	oci	généreux	adjective	fra
butinejaire	noun	oci	butineur	noun	fra
Corneveaux	properNoun	oci	Corneveaux	properNoun	fra
modular	adjective	oci	modulaire	adjective	fra
tre lo moment que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	dès l'instant où	subordinatingConjunction	fra
tre lo moment que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	dès le moment où	subordinatingConjunction	fra
feble	adjective	oci	faible	adjective	fra
letra	noun	oci	lettre	noun	fra
Ayarza	properNoun	oci	Ayarza	properNoun	fra
descargament	noun	oci	débardage	noun	fra
descargament	noun	oci	déchargement	noun	fra
en aquel temps	adverb	oci	à l'époque	adverb	fra
Kuratowski	properNoun	oci	Kuratowski	properNoun	fra
MacMahon	properNoun	oci	MacMahon	properNoun	fra
alh	noun	oci	ail	noun	fra
cagada	noun	oci	bévue	noun	fra
fachilièr	adjective	oci	sorcier	adjective	fra
Ardatza	properNoun	oci	Ardatza	properNoun	fra
Ray	properNoun	oci	Ray	properNoun	fra
musicalitat	noun	oci	musicalité	noun	fra
Baixauli	properNoun	oci	Baixauli	properNoun	fra
agent	noun	oci	agent	noun	fra
Newberry	properNoun	oci	Newberry	properNoun	fra
barratge	noun	oci	barrage	noun	fra
cobesiá	noun	oci	cupidité	noun	fra
Agredano	properNoun	oci	Agredano	properNoun	fra
çaquelà	adverb	oci	toutefois	adverb	fra
Borzì	properNoun	oci	Borzì	properNoun	fra
Vila	properNoun	oci	Vila	properNoun	fra
maldivian	noun	oci	Maldivien	noun	fra
Bergson	properNoun	oci	Bergson	properNoun	fra
Powell	properNoun	oci	Powell	properNoun	fra
rebomb	noun	oci	rebond	noun	fra
Colomines	properNoun	oci	Colomines	properNoun	fra
berlinés	adjective	oci	berlinois	adjective	fra
color	noun	oci	couleur	noun	fra
sulhet	noun	oci	seuil	noun	fra
volontat	noun	oci	volonté	noun	fra
plorós	adjective	oci	pleureur	adjective	fra
Mansouri	properNoun	oci	Mansouri	properNoun	fra
publicitat	noun	oci	pub	noun	fra
publicitat	noun	oci	publicité	noun	fra
Lemarbre	properNoun	oci	Lemarbre	properNoun	fra
Jubinville	properNoun	oci	Jubinville	properNoun	fra
envielhiment	noun	oci	vieillissement	noun	fra
marin	adjective	oci	marin	adjective	fra
Palmada	properNoun	oci	Palmada	properNoun	fra
Andia	properNoun	oci	Andia	properNoun	fra
semafòr	noun	oci	sémaphore	noun	fra
Molinos	properNoun	oci	Molinos	properNoun	fra
retard	noun	oci	retard	noun	fra
retard	noun	oci	délai	noun	fra
agenda	noun	oci	agenda	noun	fra
Weaver	properNoun	oci	Weaver	properNoun	fra
Marginet	properNoun	oci	Marginet	properNoun	fra
Neri	properNoun	oci	Neri	properNoun	fra
prudent	adjective	oci	prudent	adjective	fra
enquera	adverb	oci	encore	adverb	fra
Isadora	properNoun	oci	Isadora	properNoun	fra
campament	noun	oci	campement	noun	fra
Alacreu	properNoun	oci	Alacreu	properNoun	fra
pacifisme	noun	oci	pacifisme	noun	fra
bananièr	noun	oci	bananier	noun	fra
hip-hop	noun	oci	hip-hop	noun	fra
joenessa	noun	oci	jeunesse	noun	fra
fotosintèsi	noun	oci	photosynthèse	noun	fra
concludir	verb	oci	conclure	verb	fra
anomalia	noun	oci	anomalie	noun	fra
euforic	adjective	oci	euphorique	adjective	fra
sègle	noun	oci	siècle	noun	fra
gonèl	noun	oci	jupe	noun	fra
Ròsa	properNoun	oci	Ròsa	properNoun	fra
Navajas	properNoun	oci	Navajas	properNoun	fra
Darcy	properNoun	oci	Darcy	properNoun	fra
Cantal	properNoun	oci	Cantal	properNoun	fra
Mera	properNoun	oci	Mera	properNoun	fra
parlamentari	noun	oci	parlementaire	noun	fra
Guiomar	properNoun	oci	Guiomar	properNoun	fra
incineracion	noun	oci	incinération	noun	fra
belesa	noun	oci	beauté	noun	fra
Dakota del Nòrd	properNoun	oci	Dakota du Nord	properNoun	fra
Praga	properNoun	oci	Prague	properNoun	fra
clarvesença	noun	oci	clairvoyance	noun	fra
abelan	adjective	oci	généreux	adjective	fra
deportar	verb	oci	déporter	verb	fra
exultar	verb	oci	exulter	verb	fra
jutjament	noun	oci	jugement	noun	fra
foncionar	verb	oci	fonctionner	verb	fra
calcari	noun	oci	calcaire	noun	fra
chocolat	adjective	oci	chocolat	adjective	fra
Bernstein	properNoun	oci	Bernstein	properNoun	fra
Arriaga	properNoun	oci	Arriaga	properNoun	fra
Éric	properNoun	oci	Éric	properNoun	fra
Bahi	properNoun	oci	Bahi	properNoun	fra
ierarquizar	verb	oci	hiérarchiser	verb	fra
bellicisme	noun	oci	bellicisme	noun	fra
Abécassis	properNoun	oci	Abécassis	properNoun	fra
Más i Marí	properNoun	oci	Más i Marí	properNoun	fra
charrada	noun	oci	charade	noun	fra
Carlota	properNoun	oci	Carlota	properNoun	fra
exasperacion	noun	oci	exaspération	noun	fra
manufactura	noun	oci	manufacture	noun	fra
admirador	noun	oci	admirateur	noun	fra
alèa	noun	oci	allée	noun	fra
passatgèr	noun	oci	passager	noun	fra
negòci	noun	oci	négoce	noun	fra
negòci	noun	oci	affaire	noun	fra
Ovejero	properNoun	oci	Ovejero	properNoun	fra
Cassidy	properNoun	oci	Cassidy	properNoun	fra
Mumbrú	properNoun	oci	Mumbrú	properNoun	fra
finalament	adverb	oci	finalement	adverb	fra
monastièr	noun	oci	monastère	noun	fra
Sky	properNoun	oci	Sky	properNoun	fra
The Times	properNoun	oci	The Times	properNoun	fra
Coca	properNoun	oci	Coca	properNoun	fra
inexplicable	adjective	oci	inexplicable	adjective	fra
Alicia	properNoun	oci	Alicia	properNoun	fra
Wright	properNoun	oci	Wright	properNoun	fra
argumentar	verb	oci	argumenter	verb	fra
argumentar	verb	oci	faire valoir	verb	fra
asfixia	noun	oci	asphyxie	noun	fra
cargar	verb	oci	encombrer	verb	fra
cargar	verb	oci	charger	verb	fra
Fabienne	properNoun	oci	Fabienne	properNoun	fra
Armigen	properNoun	oci	Armigen	properNoun	fra
Spadaro	properNoun	oci	Spadaro	properNoun	fra
distància	noun	oci	distance	noun	fra
quaranta quatre	numeral	oci	quarante-quatre	numeral	fra
LRA	noun	oci	LRA	noun	fra
von Benckendorff	properNoun	oci	von Benckendorff	properNoun	fra
paraguaian	noun	oci	Paraguayen	noun	fra
Collerone	properNoun	oci	Collerone	properNoun	fra
Geoffrion	properNoun	oci	Geoffrion	properNoun	fra
Pusceddu	properNoun	oci	Pusceddu	properNoun	fra
baptistèri	noun	oci	baptistère	noun	fra
Edmonds	properNoun	oci	Edmonds	properNoun	fra
perovian	adjective	oci	péruvien	adjective	fra
Solson	properNoun	oci	Solson	properNoun	fra
desmineralizar	verb	oci	déminéraliser	verb	fra
Brophy	properNoun	oci	Brophy	properNoun	fra
gratar	verb	oci	gratter	verb	fra
edonisme	noun	oci	hédonisme	noun	fra
anglosaxon	adjective	oci	anglo-saxon	adjective	fra
vocacion	noun	oci	vocation	noun	fra
ponéncia	noun	oci	exposé	noun	fra
despoblament	noun	oci	dépeuplement	noun	fra
reünion	noun	oci	réunion	noun	fra
Oliveres	properNoun	oci	Oliveres	properNoun	fra
renegat	noun	oci	renégat	noun	fra
Bartra	properNoun	oci	Bartra	properNoun	fra
Khaloui	properNoun	oci	Khaloui	properNoun	fra
revirada	noun	oci	traduction	noun	fra
Beauchamp	properNoun	oci	Beauchamp	properNoun	fra
Claveau	properNoun	oci	Claveau	properNoun	fra
Barrios	properNoun	oci	Barrios	properNoun	fra
Pagnol	properNoun	oci	Pagnol	properNoun	fra
agitacion	noun	oci	agitation	noun	fra
Robertson	properNoun	oci	Robertson	properNoun	fra
Cofidis	properNoun	oci	Cofidis	properNoun	fra
Guido	properNoun	oci	Guido	properNoun	fra
Diawara	properNoun	oci	Diawara	properNoun	fra
paradisiac	adjective	oci	paradisiaque	adjective	fra
presar	verb	oci	priser	verb	fra
endilh	noun	oci	hennissement	noun	fra
arriquesa	noun	oci	richesse	noun	fra
Mcghee	properNoun	oci	Mcghee	properNoun	fra
dissociable	adjective	oci	dissociable	adjective	fra
ase	noun	oci	framboise	noun	fra
ase	noun	oci	âne	noun	fra
Lombarte	properNoun	oci	Lombarte	properNoun	fra
elasticitat	noun	oci	élasticité	noun	fra
Cotes	properNoun	oci	Cotes	properNoun	fra
navau	adjective	oci	neuvième	adjective	fra
taxacion	noun	oci	taxation	noun	fra
flama	noun	oci	flamme	noun	fra
bonificacion	noun	oci	bonification	noun	fra
miting	noun	oci	meeting	noun	fra
Mayhew	properNoun	oci	Mayhew	properNoun	fra
Harold	properNoun	oci	Harold	properNoun	fra
connectar	verb	oci	connecter	verb	fra
connectar	verb	oci	relier	verb	fra
classicament	adverb	oci	classiquement	adverb	fra
Wally	properNoun	oci	Wally	properNoun	fra
Ardanuy	properNoun	oci	Ardanuy	properNoun	fra
Lamberti	properNoun	oci	Lamberti	properNoun	fra
Poiré	properNoun	oci	Poiré	properNoun	fra
indefinidament	adverb	oci	indéfiniment	adverb	fra
censurar	verb	oci	censurer	verb	fra
Tony	properNoun	oci	Tony	properNoun	fra
isomèr	noun	oci	isomère	noun	fra
Ulysse	properNoun	oci	Ulysse	properNoun	fra
cromatografia	noun	oci	chromatographie	noun	fra
von Glöda	properNoun	oci	von Glöda	properNoun	fra
apondut	adjective	oci	ajouté	adjective	fra
Vich	properNoun	oci	Vich	properNoun	fra
periscòpi	noun	oci	périscope	noun	fra
antagonic	adjective	oci	antagonique	adjective	fra
Alcala	properNoun	oci	Alcala	properNoun	fra
Bernadeta	properNoun	oci	Bernadette	properNoun	fra
Bernadeta	properNoun	oci	Bernadeta	properNoun	fra
Irigoyen	properNoun	oci	Irigoyen	properNoun	fra
coteta	noun	oci	cocotte	noun	fra
malgash	adjective	oci	malgache	adjective	fra
Cols	properNoun	oci	Cols	properNoun	fra
Gou	properNoun	oci	Gou	properNoun	fra
lonh	adverb	oci	loin	adverb	fra
Naut Ren	properNoun	oci	Haut-Rhin	properNoun	fra
iperactivitat	noun	oci	hyperactivité	noun	fra
mitificar	verb	oci	mythifier	verb	fra
binari	adjective	oci	binaire	adjective	fra
vinic	adjective	oci	vinique	adjective	fra
retalhar	verb	oci	découper	verb	fra
retalhar	verb	oci	rogner	verb	fra
inquietant	adjective	oci	inquiétant	adjective	fra
irange	noun	oci	orange	noun	fra
Lanzarote	properNoun	oci	Lanzarote	properNoun	fra
merovingian	adjective	oci	mérovingien	adjective	fra
confessional	noun	oci	confessionnal	noun	fra
benefici	noun	oci	bénéfice	noun	fra
ellipsi	noun	oci	ellipse	noun	fra
Mascarós	properNoun	oci	Mascarós	properNoun	fra
hit-parada	noun	oci	hit-parade	noun	fra
terapsid	noun	oci	thérapside	noun	fra
Verdi	properNoun	oci	Verdi	properNoun	fra
balhar	verb	oci	donner	verb	fra
Ricketts	properNoun	oci	Ricketts	properNoun	fra
Stark	properNoun	oci	Stark	properNoun	fra
barbut	adjective	oci	barbu	adjective	fra
estacionari	adjective	oci	stationnaire	adjective	fra
ordonar	verb	oci	ordonner	verb	fra
Rangel	properNoun	oci	Rangel	properNoun	fra
Frazer	properNoun	oci	Frazer	properNoun	fra
tàpia	noun	oci	pisé	noun	fra
Tejera	properNoun	oci	Tejera	properNoun	fra
Etxezarreta	properNoun	oci	Etxezarreta	properNoun	fra
Nikki	properNoun	oci	Nikki	properNoun	fra
constitucionalista	adjective	oci	constitutionnaliste	adjective	fra
Groulx	properNoun	oci	Groulx	properNoun	fra
luterian	adjective	oci	luthérien	adjective	fra
sancionar	verb	oci	sanctionner	verb	fra
peculiar	adjective	oci	péculier	adjective	fra
petanca	noun	oci	pétanque	noun	fra
Abelson	properNoun	oci	Abelson	properNoun	fra
rescaptar	verb	oci	sauver	verb	fra
volontosament	adverb	oci	volontairement	adverb	fra
compartir	verb	oci	partager	verb	fra
Bhuiyan	properNoun	oci	Bhuiyan	properNoun	fra
alcoolic	adjective	oci	alcoolique	adjective	fra
antimicrobian	adjective	oci	antimicrobien	adjective	fra
èrm	noun	oci	désert	noun	fra
Bocas de Ròse	properNoun	oci	Bouches-du-Rhône	properNoun	fra
estagnar	verb	oci	stagner	verb	fra
Mónegue	properNoun	oci	Monaco	properNoun	fra
Theresa	properNoun	oci	Theresa	properNoun	fra
Chevanel	properNoun	oci	Chevanel	properNoun	fra
Schwartz	properNoun	oci	Schwartz	properNoun	fra
verinor	noun	oci	venimosité	noun	fra
oxidant	noun	oci	oxydant	noun	fra
Matthews	properNoun	oci	Matthews	properNoun	fra
àudio	adjective	oci	audio	adjective	fra
eiretièr	noun	oci	héritier	noun	fra
cap de	determiner	oci	aucun	determiner	fra
còrt	noun	oci	cour	noun	fra
Atsynia	properNoun	oci	Atsynia	properNoun	fra
balustre	noun	oci	balustre	noun	fra
Fiol	properNoun	oci	Fiol	properNoun	fra
estacionar	verb	oci	stationner	verb	fra
glutèn	noun	oci	gluten	noun	fra
revalorizar	verb	oci	revaloriser	verb	fra
Chaine	properNoun	oci	Chaine	properNoun	fra
reservar	verb	oci	réserver	verb	fra
ocasionar	verb	oci	occasionner	verb	fra
Gironne	properNoun	oci	Gironne	properNoun	fra
Hibbert	properNoun	oci	Hibbert	properNoun	fra
lòtus	noun	oci	lotus	noun	fra
Irène	properNoun	oci	Irène	properNoun	fra
aprendre	verb	oci	apprendre	verb	fra
Cassie	properNoun	oci	Cassie	properNoun	fra
receptor	adjective	oci	récepteur	adjective	fra
execucion	noun	oci	exécution	noun	fra
dubertura	noun	oci	ouverture	noun	fra
soplessa	noun	oci	souplesse	noun	fra
confiscacion	noun	oci	confiscation	noun	fra
Massimiliano	properNoun	oci	Massimiliano	properNoun	fra
fins ara	adverb	oci	jusqu'ici	adverb	fra
doctorat	noun	oci	doctorat	noun	fra
Mantio	properNoun	oci	Mantio	properNoun	fra
Ste-Marie	properNoun	oci	Ste-Marie	properNoun	fra
Vicario	properNoun	oci	Vicario	properNoun	fra
de Witt	properNoun	oci	de Witt	properNoun	fra
Hawke	properNoun	oci	Hawke	properNoun	fra
Calì	properNoun	oci	Calì	properNoun	fra
Arteau	properNoun	oci	Arteau	properNoun	fra
calci	noun	oci	calcium	noun	fra
plenitud	noun	oci	plénitude	noun	fra
Boadella	properNoun	oci	Boadella	properNoun	fra
finança	noun	oci	finance	noun	fra
Arcos	properNoun	oci	Arcos	properNoun	fra
Tutino	properNoun	oci	Tutino	properNoun	fra
Hitchcock	properNoun	oci	Hitchcock	properNoun	fra
matriculacion	noun	oci	immatriculation	noun	fra
matriculacion	noun	oci	inscription	noun	fra
Chacon	properNoun	oci	Chacon	properNoun	fra
ispanitat	noun	oci	hispanité	noun	fra
Mascagni	properNoun	oci	Mascagni	properNoun	fra
Cera	properNoun	oci	Cera	properNoun	fra
element	noun	oci	élément	noun	fra
Oliveros	properNoun	oci	Oliveros	properNoun	fra
aletic	adjective	oci	aléthique	adjective	fra
Huang	properNoun	oci	Huang	properNoun	fra
Varas	properNoun	oci	Varas	properNoun	fra
Nuria	properNoun	oci	Nuria	properNoun	fra
Escalona	properNoun	oci	Escalona	properNoun	fra
kantisme	noun	oci	kantisme	noun	fra
confrontar	verb	oci	confronter	verb	fra
resistent	adjective	oci	résistant	adjective	fra
exigéncia	noun	oci	exigence	noun	fra
gelós	noun	oci	jaloux	noun	fra
espanholisme	noun	oci	espagnolisme	noun	fra
vilatgés	adjective	oci	villageois	adjective	fra
eliminacion	noun	oci	élimination	noun	fra
Zárate	properNoun	oci	Zárate	properNoun	fra
Gueye	properNoun	oci	Gueye	properNoun	fra
Jèsus	properNoun	oci	Jésus	properNoun	fra
vengar	verb	oci	venger	verb	fra
Labranche	properNoun	oci	Labranche	properNoun	fra
Bizarro	properNoun	oci	Bizarro	properNoun	fra
recomposicion	noun	oci	recomposition	noun	fra
genotipe	noun	oci	génotype	noun	fra
fructificar	verb	oci	fructifier	verb	fra
Funes	properNoun	oci	Funes	properNoun	fra
Torralbo	properNoun	oci	Torralbo	properNoun	fra
cinquanta uèit	numeral	oci	cinquante-huit	numeral	fra
fons	adjective	oci	profond	adjective	fra
parentèsi	noun	oci	parenthèse	noun	fra
espontanèu	adjective	oci	spontané	adjective	fra
serena	noun	oci	sirène	noun	fra
Laframboise	properNoun	oci	Laframboise	properNoun	fra
Francesa	properNoun	oci	Francesa	properNoun	fra
pederasta	noun	oci	pédéraste	noun	fra
mecanisme	noun	oci	mécanisme	noun	fra
solament	adverb	oci	seulement	adverb	fra
Albini	properNoun	oci	Albini	properNoun	fra
reciprocitat	noun	oci	réciprocité	noun	fra
Fisch	properNoun	oci	Fisch	properNoun	fra
avescat	noun	oci	évêché	noun	fra
Chirac	properNoun	oci	Chirac	properNoun	fra
decebuda	noun	oci	déception	noun	fra
decebuda	noun	oci	deception	noun	fra
Golden	properNoun	oci	Golden	properNoun	fra
Decarufel	properNoun	oci	Decarufel	properNoun	fra
automobilista	noun	oci	automobiliste	noun	fra
Giraldo	properNoun	oci	Giraldo	properNoun	fra
perruquièr	noun	oci	coiffeur	noun	fra
mediocritat	noun	oci	médiocrité	noun	fra
avís	noun	oci	avis	noun	fra
esperantista	adjective	oci	espérantiste	adjective	fra
acomplir	verb	oci	accomplir	verb	fra
sondar	verb	oci	sonder	verb	fra
Lagarde	properNoun	oci	Lagarde	properNoun	fra
Patón	properNoun	oci	Patón	properNoun	fra
Jané	properNoun	oci	Jané	properNoun	fra
Degarie	properNoun	oci	Degarie	properNoun	fra
Alemanha	properNoun	oci	Allemagne	properNoun	fra
Ono	properNoun	oci	Ono	properNoun	fra
comunicacion	noun	oci	communication	noun	fra
militar	verb	oci	militer	verb	fra
pòrtaparaula	noun	oci	porte-parole	noun	fra
nasalizar	verb	oci	nasaliser	verb	fra
altèrn	adjective	oci	alterne	adjective	fra
establir	verb	oci	établir	verb	fra
Hunter	properNoun	oci	Hunter	properNoun	fra
murtrièr	noun	oci	meurtrier	noun	fra
dm	noun	oci	dm	noun	fra
estança	noun	oci	appartement	noun	fra
hawaiian	noun	oci	hawaïen	noun	fra
amazigh	noun	oci	amazigh	noun	fra
Arruda	properNoun	oci	Arruda	properNoun	fra
concurréncia	noun	oci	concurrence	noun	fra
corrompre	verb	oci	corrompre	verb	fra
convivialitat	noun	oci	convivialité	noun	fra
Tenerife	properNoun	oci	Tenerife	properNoun	fra
riba	noun	oci	berge	noun	fra
riba	noun	oci	rive	noun	fra
ascèsi	noun	oci	ascèse	noun	fra
Romeo	properNoun	oci	Romeo	properNoun	fra
Limbaugh	properNoun	oci	Limbaugh	properNoun	fra
diatopic	adjective	oci	diatopique	adjective	fra
Moreau	properNoun	oci	Moreau	properNoun	fra
resultar	verb	oci	devenir	verb	fra
resultar	verb	oci	résulter	verb	fra
Armendáriz	properNoun	oci	Armendáriz	properNoun	fra
Tomarchio	properNoun	oci	Tomarchio	properNoun	fra
formulari	noun	oci	formulaire	noun	fra
aduire	verb	oci	alléguer	verb	fra
engranatge	noun	oci	engrenage	noun	fra
provision	noun	oci	provision	noun	fra
dispausicion	noun	oci	disposition	noun	fra
sagrat	adjective	oci	sacré	adjective	fra
Tracy	properNoun	oci	Tracy	properNoun	fra
Llovet	properNoun	oci	Llovet	properNoun	fra
cerusa	noun	oci	céruse	noun	fra
Claudi	properNoun	oci	Claudi	properNoun	fra
economista	noun	oci	économiste	noun	fra
Lola	properNoun	oci	Lola	properNoun	fra
Medrano	properNoun	oci	Medrano	properNoun	fra
Varano	properNoun	oci	Varano	properNoun	fra
pregar	verb	oci	prier	verb	fra
barbadian	noun	oci	Barbadien	noun	fra
agilitat	noun	oci	agilité	noun	fra
requerir	verb	oci	requérir	verb	fra
asma	noun	oci	asthme	noun	fra
fat	adjective	oci	fade	adjective	fra
Leclerc	properNoun	oci	Leclerc	properNoun	fra
cuèr	noun	oci	cuir	noun	fra
termic	adjective	oci	thermique	adjective	fra
dejós	adverb	oci	dessous	adverb	fra
Argente	properNoun	oci	Argente	properNoun	fra
diu	noun	oci	divinité	noun	fra
Jaimez	properNoun	oci	Jaimez	properNoun	fra
reclamar	verb	oci	réclamer	verb	fra
punta	noun	oci	pointe	noun	fra
un pauc après	adverb	oci	un peu après	adverb	fra
Gongora	properNoun	oci	Gongora	properNoun	fra
particion	noun	oci	partition	noun	fra
soslevar	verb	oci	soulever	verb	fra
espontaneïtat	noun	oci	spontanéité	noun	fra
en foncion	adverb	oci	en fonction	adverb	fra
Castaño	properNoun	oci	Castaño	properNoun	fra
Cedric	properNoun	oci	Cedric	properNoun	fra
Alaimo	properNoun	oci	Alaimo	properNoun	fra
monologar	verb	oci	monologuer	verb	fra
de fes	adverb	oci	parfois	adverb	fra
automatizacion	noun	oci	automatisation	noun	fra
Rouillard	properNoun	oci	Rouillard	properNoun	fra
e mai	subordinatingConjunction	oci	ainsi que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Malone	properNoun	oci	Malone	properNoun	fra
Sharma	properNoun	oci	Sharma	properNoun	fra
localisme	noun	oci	localisme	noun	fra
incivisme	noun	oci	incivisme	noun	fra
antidemocratic	adjective	oci	antidémocratique	adjective	fra
gerir	verb	oci	gérer	verb	fra
estatisticament	adverb	oci	statistiquement	adverb	fra
metallic	adjective	oci	métallique	adjective	fra
Avogadro	properNoun	oci	Avogadro	properNoun	fra
sièta	noun	oci	assiette	noun	fra
antipapa	noun	oci	antipape	noun	fra
Corporate	properNoun	oci	Corporate	properNoun	fra
pedoncul	noun	oci	pédoncule	noun	fra
Payet	properNoun	oci	Payet	properNoun	fra
Colominas	properNoun	oci	Colominas	properNoun	fra
Cinqmars	properNoun	oci	Cinqmars	properNoun	fra
bulgar	noun	oci	bulgare	noun	fra
Ferrás	properNoun	oci	Ferrás	properNoun	fra
lo mieu	pronoun	oci	le mien	pronoun	fra
lo mieu	pronoun	oci	mon	determiner	fra
lo mieu	pronoun	oci	mon	possessivePronoun	fra
lo mieu	determiner	oci	le mien	pronoun	fra
lo mieu	determiner	oci	mon	determiner	fra
lo mieu	determiner	oci	mon	possessivePronoun	fra
lo mieu	possessivePronoun	oci	le mien	pronoun	fra
lo mieu	possessivePronoun	oci	mon	determiner	fra
lo mieu	possessivePronoun	oci	mon	possessivePronoun	fra
desagregacion	noun	oci	désagrégation	noun	fra
piston	noun	oci	piston	noun	fra
vuèg	adjective	oci	vide	adjective	fra
galaup	noun	oci	galop	noun	fra
Forcada	properNoun	oci	Forcada	properNoun	fra
Caminal	properNoun	oci	Caminal	properNoun	fra
Mcgill	properNoun	oci	Mcgill	properNoun	fra
cinematografic	adjective	oci	cinématographique	adjective	fra
Crous	properNoun	oci	Crous	properNoun	fra
efusiu	adjective	oci	effusif	adjective	fra
Somme	properNoun	oci	Somme	properNoun	fra
Ramnès	properNoun	oci	Ramnès	properNoun	fra
Carlone	properNoun	oci	Carlone	properNoun	fra
ADO	noun	oci	ADO	noun	fra
adultèr	adjective	oci	adultère	adjective	fra
Tétreault	properNoun	oci	Tétreault	properNoun	fra
García	properNoun	oci	García	properNoun	fra
Trabado	properNoun	oci	Trabado	properNoun	fra
haria	noun	oci	farine	noun	fra
Gemme	properNoun	oci	Gemme	properNoun	fra
Mendonça	properNoun	oci	Mendonça	properNoun	fra
fuèlha	noun	oci	feuille	noun	fra
cation	noun	oci	cation	noun	fra
estar	noun	oci	être	noun	fra
Delga	properNoun	oci	Delga	properNoun	fra
linfocit	noun	oci	lymphocyte	noun	fra
pirifòrme	adjective	oci	piriforme	adjective	fra
copulatiu	adjective	oci	copulatif	adjective	fra
segur	adjective	oci	certain	adjective	fra
segur	adjective	oci	sûr	adjective	fra
didactic	adjective	oci	didactique	adjective	fra
Pallarès	properNoun	oci	Pallarès	properNoun	fra
Fornás	properNoun	oci	Fornás	properNoun	fra
Grimà	properNoun	oci	Grimà	properNoun	fra
Manno	properNoun	oci	Manno	properNoun	fra
Medeiros	properNoun	oci	Medeiros	properNoun	fra
Markandu	properNoun	oci	Markandu	properNoun	fra
intronizacion	noun	oci	intronisation	noun	fra
fluid	noun	oci	fluide	noun	fra
nepalés	noun	oci	népalais	noun	fra
Sobh	properNoun	oci	Sobh	properNoun	fra
endormir	verb	oci	endormir	verb	fra
retenir	verb	oci	retenir	verb	fra
indigne	adjective	oci	indigne	adjective	fra
Albertí	properNoun	oci	Albertí	properNoun	fra
Reed	properNoun	oci	Reed	properNoun	fra
vitamina	noun	oci	vitamine	noun	fra
micromètre	noun	oci	micromètre	noun	fra
Basiléo	properNoun	oci	Basiléo	properNoun	fra
envèrs	preposition	oci	envers	preposition	fra
Alarie	properNoun	oci	Alarie	properNoun	fra
Corredor	properNoun	oci	Corredor	properNoun	fra
embrionari	adjective	oci	embryonnaire	adjective	fra
favorit	adjective	oci	favori	adjective	fra
inevitablament	adverb	oci	inévitablement	adverb	fra
Marzal	properNoun	oci	Marzal	properNoun	fra
mamifèr	adjective	oci	mammifère	adjective	fra
Vian	properNoun	oci	Vian	properNoun	fra
pluralizar	verb	oci	pluraler	verb	fra
formator	noun	oci	formateur	noun	fra
mancança	noun	oci	manque	noun	fra
pressentiment	noun	oci	pressentiment	noun	fra
Lilla	properNoun	oci	Lille	properNoun	fra
Jolivet	properNoun	oci	Jolivet	properNoun	fra
Carrascal	properNoun	oci	Carrascal	properNoun	fra
canhòt	noun	oci	chenet	noun	fra
canhòt	noun	oci	petit chien	noun	fra
Annanack	properNoun	oci	Annanack	properNoun	fra
Serrano	properNoun	oci	Serrano	properNoun	fra
gràcies	interjection	oci	merci	interjection	fra
Serrato	properNoun	oci	Serrato	properNoun	fra
Bakunin	properNoun	oci	Bakounine	properNoun	fra
incivil	adjective	oci	incivil	adjective	fra
abelhard	noun	oci	bourdon	noun	fra
Pen	properNoun	oci	Pen	properNoun	fra
Longstreet	properNoun	oci	Longstreet	properNoun	fra
milion	noun	oci	million	noun	fra
Dilalla	properNoun	oci	Dilalla	properNoun	fra
Monfils	properNoun	oci	Monfils	properNoun	fra
constatable	adjective	oci	constatable	adjective	fra
Vigara	properNoun	oci	Vigara	properNoun	fra
Raymonde	properNoun	oci	Raymonde	properNoun	fra
darrièr	noun	oci	derrière	noun	fra
darrièr	noun	oci	dernier	noun	fra
Nash	properNoun	oci	Nash	properNoun	fra
analògue	adjective	oci	analogue	adjective	fra
ciprièr	noun	oci	cyprès	noun	fra
globalizacion	noun	oci	globalisation	noun	fra
globalizacion	noun	oci	mondialisation	noun	fra
soslèu	noun	oci	nausée	noun	fra
gigotar	verb	oci	ébranler	verb	fra
gigotar	verb	oci	secouer	verb	fra
verge	adjective	oci	vierge	adjective	fra
Astrid	properNoun	oci	Astrid	properNoun	fra
entosiasmar	verb	oci	enthousiasmer	verb	fra
cleda	noun	oci	claie	noun	fra
cleda	noun	oci	clôture	noun	fra
Facebook	properNoun	oci	Facebook	properNoun	fra
refrigeracion	noun	oci	réfrigération	noun	fra
remòrs	noun	oci	remords	noun	fra
Gingues	properNoun	oci	Gingues	properNoun	fra
Rubira	properNoun	oci	Rubira	properNoun	fra
afgan	noun	oci	Afghan	noun	fra
optimizacion	noun	oci	optimisation	noun	fra
Albrecht Dürer	properNoun	oci	Albrecht Dürer	properNoun	fra
Barrachina	properNoun	oci	Barrachina	properNoun	fra
Constantinòple	properNoun	oci	Constantinople	properNoun	fra
Gema	properNoun	oci	Gema	properNoun	fra
Papaccio	properNoun	oci	Papaccio	properNoun	fra
Owusu	properNoun	oci	Owusu	properNoun	fra
Frau	properNoun	oci	Frau	properNoun	fra
Whitehouse	properNoun	oci	Whitehouse	properNoun	fra
dermatologia	noun	oci	dermatologie	noun	fra
chilen	adjective	oci	chilien	adjective	fra
Turcotte	properNoun	oci	Turcotte	properNoun	fra
Gamboa	properNoun	oci	Gamboa	properNoun	fra
autorizat	adjective	oci	autorisé	adjective	fra
inferéncia	noun	oci	inférence	noun	fra
dochar	verb	oci	doucher	verb	fra
Vergé	properNoun	oci	Vergé	properNoun	fra
estrument	noun	oci	instrument	noun	fra
Dejean	properNoun	oci	Dejean	properNoun	fra
endormitòri	noun	oci	somnifère	noun	fra
Usón	properNoun	oci	Usón	properNoun	fra
Rowan	properNoun	oci	Rowan	properNoun	fra
Torrentí	properNoun	oci	Torrentí	properNoun	fra
Torralba	properNoun	oci	Torralba	properNoun	fra
solharda	noun	oci	garce	noun	fra
visita	noun	oci	visite	noun	fra
Artigue	properNoun	oci	Artigue	properNoun	fra
Franklin	properNoun	oci	Franklin	properNoun	fra
autopromocion	noun	oci	autopromotion	noun	fra
sosdirector	noun	oci	sous-directeur	noun	fra
polimorfisme	noun	oci	polymorphisme	noun	fra
tustarrar	verb	oci	choquer	verb	fra
amagrir	verb	oci	amaigrir	verb	fra
amagrir	verb	oci	maigrir	verb	fra
estèta	noun	oci	esthète	noun	fra
Connors	properNoun	oci	Connors	properNoun	fra
Hurteau	properNoun	oci	Hurteau	properNoun	fra
endeman	adverb	oci	lendemain	adverb	fra
tribulacion	noun	oci	tribulation	noun	fra
noirir	verb	oci	nourrir	verb	fra
Godes	properNoun	oci	Godes	properNoun	fra
artelh	noun	oci	orteil	noun	fra
artelh	noun	oci	doigt	noun	fra
adequacion	noun	oci	adéquation	noun	fra
erbivòr	adjective	oci	herbivore	adjective	fra
Wyatt	properNoun	oci	Wyatt	properNoun	fra
Luzon	properNoun	oci	Luzon	properNoun	fra
explotar	verb	oci	exploiter	verb	fra
Almarcha	properNoun	oci	Almarcha	properNoun	fra
Crowley	properNoun	oci	Crowley	properNoun	fra
singularizar	verb	oci	singulariser	verb	fra
mistralenc	adjective	oci	mistralien	adjective	fra
cèlta	adjective	oci	celte	adjective	fra
Lazar	properNoun	oci	Lazar	properNoun	fra
ipervisor	noun	oci	hyperviseur	noun	fra
rasar	verb	oci	raser	verb	fra
Moineau	properNoun	oci	Moineau	properNoun	fra
isotròp	adjective	oci	isotrope	adjective	fra
Castelo	properNoun	oci	Castelo	properNoun	fra
ren	noun	oci	rein	noun	fra
figurant	noun	oci	figurant	noun	fra
palatin	adjective	oci	palatin	adjective	fra
arrogància	noun	oci	arrogance	noun	fra
rwandés	adjective	oci	rwandais	adjective	fra
Haeck	properNoun	oci	Haeck	properNoun	fra
discriminacion	noun	oci	discrimination	noun	fra
Brouard	properNoun	oci	Brouard	properNoun	fra
uman	adjective	oci	humain	adjective	fra
ovin	adjective	oci	ovin	adjective	fra
Maria Terèsa	properNoun	oci	Maria Terèsa	properNoun	fra
Maria Terèsa	properNoun	oci	Marie-Thérèse	properNoun	fra
Castellví	properNoun	oci	Castellví	properNoun	fra
escasença	noun	oci	occasion	noun	fra
escasença	noun	oci	hasard	noun	fra
escasença	noun	oci	échéance	noun	fra
automorfisme	noun	oci	automorphisme	noun	fra
Enríquez	properNoun	oci	Enríquez	properNoun	fra
Ledezma	properNoun	oci	Ledezma	properNoun	fra
Aubrey	properNoun	oci	Aubrey	properNoun	fra
Lugovoi	properNoun	oci	Lugovoi	properNoun	fra
Larcher	properNoun	oci	Larcher	properNoun	fra
arrua	noun	oci	rue	noun	fra
arrua	noun	oci	sillon	noun	fra
bata	noun	oci	sabot	noun	fra
Grandbois	properNoun	oci	Grandbois	properNoun	fra
Piñana	properNoun	oci	Piñana	properNoun	fra
arcemisa	noun	oci	armoise	noun	fra
Régnier	properNoun	oci	Régnier	properNoun	fra
miraculosament	adverb	oci	miraculeusement	adverb	fra
Lamb	properNoun	oci	Lamb	properNoun	fra
clientèla	noun	oci	clientèle	noun	fra
Lizeaga	properNoun	oci	Lizeaga	properNoun	fra
Difiore	properNoun	oci	Difiore	properNoun	fra
Jacques Chirac	properNoun	oci	Jacques Chirac	properNoun	fra
Borrás	properNoun	oci	Borrás	properNoun	fra
Rovira	properNoun	oci	Rovira	properNoun	fra
Delfina	properNoun	oci	Delfina	properNoun	fra
Molinero	properNoun	oci	Molinero	properNoun	fra
afranquiment	noun	oci	affranchissement	noun	fra
intracellular	adjective	oci	intracellulaire	adjective	fra
Knowles	properNoun	oci	Knowles	properNoun	fra
Kolmogorov	properNoun	oci	Kolmogorov	properNoun	fra
aberrant	adjective	oci	aberrant	adjective	fra
Barth	properNoun	oci	Barth	properNoun	fra
misericòrdia	noun	oci	miséricorde	noun	fra
Cabanas	properNoun	oci	Cabanas	properNoun	fra
Petit	properNoun	oci	Petit	properNoun	fra
convengut	noun	oci	accord	noun	fra
Aron	properNoun	oci	Aron	properNoun	fra
iraquian	adjective	oci	irakien	adjective	fra
iraquian	adjective	oci	iraquien	adjective	fra
platinic	adjective	oci	platinique	adjective	fra
Eddington	properNoun	oci	Eddington	properNoun	fra
invulnerabilitat	noun	oci	invulnérabilité	noun	fra
Madrazo	properNoun	oci	Madrazo	properNoun	fra
locatiu	noun	oci	locatif	noun	fra
ciclotorisme	noun	oci	cyclotourisme	noun	fra
eissit	adjective	oci	issu	adjective	fra
boquièr	noun	oci	boucher	noun	fra
clitic	adjective	oci	clitique	adjective	fra
expulsion	noun	oci	expulsion	noun	fra
Anglés	properNoun	oci	Anglés	properNoun	fra
mesa	noun	oci	mise	noun	fra
Esposito	properNoun	oci	Esposito	properNoun	fra
Rudy	properNoun	oci	Rudy	properNoun	fra
Sassoon	properNoun	oci	Sassoon	properNoun	fra
Lorite	properNoun	oci	Lorite	properNoun	fra
fornicacion	noun	oci	fornication	noun	fra
Annabella	properNoun	oci	Annabella	properNoun	fra
Clairmont	properNoun	oci	Clairmont	properNoun	fra
panegiric	noun	oci	panégyrique	noun	fra
Nequado	properNoun	oci	Nequado	properNoun	fra
Messi	properNoun	oci	Messi	properNoun	fra
sofisticacion	noun	oci	sophistication	noun	fra
altercacion	noun	oci	altercation	noun	fra
Checoslovaquia	properNoun	oci	Tchécoslovaquie	properNoun	fra
metodicament	adverb	oci	méthodiquement	adverb	fra
cartocha	noun	oci	cartouche	noun	fra
tot comptat e debatut	adverb	oci	en fin de compte	adverb	fra
Reig	properNoun	oci	Reig	properNoun	fra
Liquigas	properNoun	oci	Liquigas	properNoun	fra
Palahi	properNoun	oci	Palahi	properNoun	fra
agitat	adjective	oci	agité	adjective	fra
Moñino	properNoun	oci	Moñino	properNoun	fra
produch	noun	oci	produit	noun	fra
mandarinièr	noun	oci	mandarinier	noun	fra
Serré	properNoun	oci	Serré	properNoun	fra
manpòt	adjective	oci	manchot	adjective	fra
continuitat	noun	oci	continuité	noun	fra
Brull	properNoun	oci	Brull	properNoun	fra
environ	adverb	oci	environ	adverb	fra
Peppard	properNoun	oci	Peppard	properNoun	fra
Bergued	properNoun	oci	Bergued	properNoun	fra
dictada	noun	oci	dictée	noun	fra
espertat	adjective	oci	réveillé	adjective	fra
arqueològ	noun	oci	archéologue	noun	fra
Blasi	properNoun	oci	Blasi	properNoun	fra
Cabo	properNoun	oci	Cabo	properNoun	fra
exigir	verb	oci	exiger	verb	fra
Franca Comtat	properNoun	oci	Franche-Comté	properNoun	fra
insaturat	adjective	oci	insaturé	adjective	fra
eissugar	verb	oci	essuyer	verb	fra
dòsi	noun	oci	dose	noun	fra
Gros	properNoun	oci	Gros	properNoun	fra
Redero	properNoun	oci	Redero	properNoun	fra
raquitic	adjective	oci	rachitique	adjective	fra
English	properNoun	oci	English	properNoun	fra
versament	noun	oci	versement	noun	fra
Castellanos	properNoun	oci	Castellanos	properNoun	fra
Padrós	properNoun	oci	Padrós	properNoun	fra
crucificar	verb	oci	crucifier	verb	fra
impenetrabilitat	noun	oci	impénétrabilité	noun	fra
Garrós	properNoun	oci	Garrós	properNoun	fra
nadir	noun	oci	nadir	noun	fra
interludi	noun	oci	interlude	noun	fra
deglutinacion	noun	oci	déglutination	noun	fra
astrosfèra	noun	oci	astrosphère	noun	fra
Mauger	properNoun	oci	Mauger	properNoun	fra
deliciós	adjective	oci	délicieux	adjective	fra
preissar	verb	oci	presser	verb	fra
a mai	adverb	oci	aussi	adverb	fra
Anna	properNoun	oci	Anne	properNoun	fra
Anna	properNoun	oci	Anna	properNoun	fra
Durruti	properNoun	oci	Durruti	properNoun	fra
Albaladejo	properNoun	oci	Albaladejo	properNoun	fra
Jason	properNoun	oci	Jason	properNoun	fra
Lazure	properNoun	oci	Lazure	properNoun	fra
von Schuschnigg	properNoun	oci	von Schuschnigg	properNoun	fra
antioccitanista	adjective	oci	antioccitaniste	adjective	fra
Laforest	properNoun	oci	Laforest	properNoun	fra
presicança	noun	oci	prédication	noun	fra
rastolh	noun	oci	chaume	noun	fra
von Sellenthin	properNoun	oci	von Sellenthin	properNoun	fra
possessiu	adjective	oci	possessif	adjective	fra
rectificar	verb	oci	rectifier	verb	fra
sòmi	noun	oci	rêve	noun	fra
chop	adjective	oci	mouillé	adjective	fra
Latremouille	properNoun	oci	Latremouille	properNoun	fra
Crochetière	properNoun	oci	Crochetière	properNoun	fra
continú	adjective	oci	continu	adjective	fra
refugiat	adjective	oci	réfugié	adjective	fra
Lázaro	properNoun	oci	Lázaro	properNoun	fra
Moraga	properNoun	oci	Moraga	properNoun	fra
assumpcion	noun	oci	assomption	noun	fra
ubiqüitari	noun	oci	ubiquiste	noun	fra
Rubio	properNoun	oci	Rubio	properNoun	fra
Doucet	properNoun	oci	Doucet	properNoun	fra
Felguera	properNoun	oci	Felguera	properNoun	fra
dinamitar	verb	oci	dynamiter	verb	fra
ivèrn	noun	oci	hiver	noun	fra
Cyril	properNoun	oci	Cyril	properNoun	fra
Heppell	properNoun	oci	Heppell	properNoun	fra
contrastar	verb	oci	contraster	verb	fra
eficacitat	noun	oci	efficacité	noun	fra
atge	noun	oci	âge	noun	fra
Valeria	properNoun	oci	Valeria	properNoun	fra
ordinator	adjective	oci	ordinateur	adjective	fra
Gélineau	properNoun	oci	Gélineau	properNoun	fra
Mehmood	properNoun	oci	Mehmood	properNoun	fra
doblament	adverb	oci	doublement	adverb	fra
Otton	properNoun	oci	Otton	properNoun	fra
alternança	noun	oci	alternance	noun	fra
professor	noun	oci	professeur	noun	fra
Vilarnau	properNoun	oci	Vilarnau	properNoun	fra
Golding	properNoun	oci	Golding	properNoun	fra
incredulitat	noun	oci	incrédulité	noun	fra
provedir	verb	oci	pourvoir	verb	fra
provedir	verb	oci	munir	verb	fra
Bakkali	properNoun	oci	Bakkali	properNoun	fra
cocòra	noun	oci	hanneton	noun	fra
Éthier	properNoun	oci	Éthier	properNoun	fra
gradon	noun	oci	échelon	noun	fra
Agirresarobe	properNoun	oci	Agirresarobe	properNoun	fra
Meziane	properNoun	oci	Meziane	properNoun	fra
intensitat	noun	oci	intensité	noun	fra
Olivo	properNoun	oci	Olivo	properNoun	fra
Obrador	properNoun	oci	Obrador	properNoun	fra
Sullivan	properNoun	oci	Sullivan	properNoun	fra
Bangkòk	properNoun	oci	Bangkok	properNoun	fra
Berges	properNoun	oci	Berges	properNoun	fra
Mecos	properNoun	oci	Mecos	properNoun	fra
afranquir	verb	oci	affranchir	verb	fra
cretge	noun	oci	cicatrice	noun	fra
absent	adjective	oci	absent	adjective	fra
Espí	properNoun	oci	Espí	properNoun	fra
Christensen	properNoun	oci	Christensen	properNoun	fra
Francine	properNoun	oci	Francine	properNoun	fra
parallèl	noun	oci	parallèle	noun	fra
Riberaygua	properNoun	oci	Riberaygua	properNoun	fra
Bannister	properNoun	oci	Bannister	properNoun	fra
multiplicar	verb	oci	multiplier	verb	fra
Ferraté	properNoun	oci	Ferraté	properNoun	fra
cilha	noun	oci	cil	noun	fra
fraternizar	verb	oci	fraterniser	verb	fra
libertari	adjective	oci	libertaire	adjective	fra
al lòc de	preposition	oci	au lieu de	preposition	fra
Guernesey	properNoun	oci	Guernesey	properNoun	fra
Bretos	properNoun	oci	Bretos	properNoun	fra
Aleu	properNoun	oci	Aleu	properNoun	fra
von Borcke	properNoun	oci	von Borcke	properNoun	fra
Burgess	properNoun	oci	Burgess	properNoun	fra
poire	noun	oci	bouton	noun	fra
profunditat	noun	oci	profondeur	noun	fra
en fàcia de	preposition	oci	en face de	preposition	fra
degenerar	verb	oci	dégénérer	verb	fra
córrer	verb	oci	couler	verb	fra
córrer	verb	oci	courir	verb	fra
de Brún	properNoun	oci	de Brún	properNoun	fra
Packwood	properNoun	oci	Packwood	properNoun	fra
declinar	verb	oci	décliner	verb	fra
estadi	noun	oci	stade	noun	fra
antonomàsia	noun	oci	antonomase	noun	fra
crèma	noun	oci	crème	noun	fra
Grosse	properNoun	oci	Grosse	properNoun	fra
geomagnetisme	noun	oci	géomagnétisme	noun	fra
Eduardo	properNoun	oci	Eduardo	properNoun	fra
subresaut	noun	oci	sursaut	noun	fra
vassalitat	noun	oci	vassalité	noun	fra
illustracion	noun	oci	illustration	noun	fra
Constantineau	properNoun	oci	Constantineau	properNoun	fra
Fleury	properNoun	oci	Fleury	properNoun	fra
Demers	properNoun	oci	Demers	properNoun	fra
Céré	properNoun	oci	Céré	properNoun	fra
marta	noun	oci	martre	noun	fra
Salmerón	properNoun	oci	Salmerón	properNoun	fra
estanci	noun	oci	niveau	noun	fra
estanci	noun	oci	étage	noun	fra
armistici	noun	oci	armistice	noun	fra
Myre	properNoun	oci	Myre	properNoun	fra
Jarry	properNoun	oci	Jarry	properNoun	fra
agronomia	noun	oci	agronomie	noun	fra
annadièr	adjective	oci	annuel	adjective	fra
Viqueira	properNoun	oci	Viqueira	properNoun	fra
tèrç	noun	oci	tiers	noun	fra
Midland	properNoun	oci	Midland	properNoun	fra
gravid	adjective	oci	gravide	adjective	fra
Jaramillo	properNoun	oci	Jaramillo	properNoun	fra
per compàs	adverb	oci	en mesure	adverb	fra
condemnat	noun	oci	condamné	noun	fra
Évrard	properNoun	oci	Évrard	properNoun	fra
Haines	properNoun	oci	Haines	properNoun	fra
creacionista	noun	oci	créationniste	noun	fra
perible	adjective	oci	périssable	adjective	fra
entamenar	verb	oci	entamer	verb	fra
cèrvi	noun	oci	cerf	noun	fra
psicòsi	noun	oci	psychose	noun	fra
intolerant	adjective	oci	intolérant	adjective	fra
Sporting	properNoun	oci	Sporting	properNoun	fra
potonet	noun	oci	bisou	noun	fra
Magee	properNoun	oci	Magee	properNoun	fra
conservatòri	noun	oci	conservatoire	noun	fra
Berthiaume	properNoun	oci	Berthiaume	properNoun	fra
Reny	properNoun	oci	Reny	properNoun	fra
José Manuel	properNoun	oci	José Manuel	properNoun	fra
epilar	verb	oci	épiler	verb	fra
cinofil	adjective	oci	cynophile	adjective	fra
GameCube	properNoun	oci	GameCube	properNoun	fra
Aledo	properNoun	oci	Aledo	properNoun	fra
perilhositat	noun	oci	dangerosité	noun	fra
nas	noun	oci	nez	noun	fra
potabilizar	verb	oci	potabiliser	verb	fra
Javascript	properNoun	oci	Javascript	properNoun	fra
supòrt	noun	oci	appui	noun	fra
supòrt	noun	oci	support	noun	fra
arbitratiu	adjective	oci	arbitratif	adjective	fra
resistent	noun	oci	résistant	noun	fra
Tovar	properNoun	oci	Tovar	properNoun	fra
inspectar	verb	oci	inspecter	verb	fra
Bordera	properNoun	oci	Bordera	properNoun	fra
Borda	properNoun	oci	Borda	properNoun	fra
Gucci	properNoun	oci	Gucci	properNoun	fra
Seuma	properNoun	oci	Seuma	properNoun	fra
Tranquille	properNoun	oci	Tranquille	properNoun	fra
manierisme	noun	oci	maniérisme	noun	fra
Roger Bacon	properNoun	oci	Roger Bacon	properNoun	fra
Kiribati	properNoun	oci	Kiribati	properNoun	fra
Peter	properNoun	oci	Peter	properNoun	fra
Swallow	properNoun	oci	Swallow	properNoun	fra
nos	noun	oci	nœud	noun	fra
Aràbia Saudita	properNoun	oci	Arabie saoudite	properNoun	fra
Lydia	properNoun	oci	Lydia	properNoun	fra
Belleau	properNoun	oci	Belleau	properNoun	fra
mossegar	verb	oci	mordre	verb	fra
colonialista	noun	oci	colonialiste	noun	fra
Bardier	properNoun	oci	Bardier	properNoun	fra
Agadir	properNoun	oci	Agadir	properNoun	fra
Coppola	properNoun	oci	Coppola	properNoun	fra
Marsá	properNoun	oci	Marsá	properNoun	fra
Bullock	properNoun	oci	Bullock	properNoun	fra
teleferic	noun	oci	téléphérique	noun	fra
McKinnon	properNoun	oci	McKinnon	properNoun	fra
scepticisme	noun	oci	scepticisme	noun	fra
esteganografia	noun	oci	stéganographie	noun	fra
Saini	properNoun	oci	Saini	properNoun	fra
ionizar	verb	oci	ioniser	verb	fra
Broadway	properNoun	oci	Broadway	properNoun	fra
Wang	properNoun	oci	Wang	properNoun	fra
Mendieta	properNoun	oci	Mendieta	properNoun	fra
enfachinament	noun	oci	envoûtement	noun	fra
Pilar	properNoun	oci	Pilar	properNoun	fra
Galvez	properNoun	oci	Galvez	properNoun	fra
Comolli	properNoun	oci	Comolli	properNoun	fra
Sabine	properNoun	oci	Sabine	properNoun	fra
Lorion	properNoun	oci	Lorion	properNoun	fra
Iona	properNoun	oci	Iona	properNoun	fra
Gambino	properNoun	oci	Gambino	properNoun	fra
Concepción	properNoun	oci	Concepción	properNoun	fra
notz	noun	oci	noix	noun	fra
ateïsme	noun	oci	athéisme	noun	fra
cardinalat	noun	oci	cardinalat	noun	fra
parcimoniosament	adverb	oci	parcimonieusement	adverb	fra
circ	noun	oci	cirque	noun	fra
Roses	properNoun	oci	Roses	properNoun	fra
Nigel	properNoun	oci	Nigel	properNoun	fra
Orta	properNoun	oci	Orta	properNoun	fra
Pinsonneault	properNoun	oci	Pinsonneault	properNoun	fra
Aceña	properNoun	oci	Aceña	properNoun	fra
alegrièr	noun	oci	alisier	noun	fra
Laflamme	properNoun	oci	Laflamme	properNoun	fra
immunitat	noun	oci	immunité	noun	fra
Garay	properNoun	oci	Garay	properNoun	fra
biodiversitat	noun	oci	biodiversité	noun	fra
Léontine	properNoun	oci	Léontine	properNoun	fra
patrician	adjective	oci	patricien	adjective	fra
Voight	properNoun	oci	Voight	properNoun	fra
chèc	adjective	oci	tchèque	adjective	fra
Biu	properNoun	oci	Biu	properNoun	fra
estellar	adjective	oci	stellaire	adjective	fra
Leavey	properNoun	oci	Leavey	properNoun	fra
Joe	properNoun	oci	Joe	properNoun	fra
Catherin	properNoun	oci	Catherin	properNoun	fra
Maillé	properNoun	oci	Maillé	properNoun	fra
ginjorla	noun	oci	jujube	noun	fra
avinhonenc	noun	oci	Avignonnais	noun	fra
Balart	properNoun	oci	Balart	properNoun	fra
Alleyne	properNoun	oci	Alleyne	properNoun	fra
ja	adverb	oci	déjà	adverb	fra
Elsa	properNoun	oci	Elsa	properNoun	fra
alinhat	adjective	oci	aligné	adjective	fra
Milán	properNoun	oci	Milán	properNoun	fra
predicacion	noun	oci	prédication	noun	fra
malaürosament	adverb	oci	malheureusement	adverb	fra
botoar	verb	oci	boutonner	verb	fra
alfanumeric	adjective	oci	alphanumérique	adjective	fra
Gearey	properNoun	oci	Gearey	properNoun	fra
ergotisme	noun	oci	ergotisme	noun	fra
paraula	noun	oci	parole	noun	fra
pèc	adjective	oci	idiot	adjective	fra
Cunyat	properNoun	oci	Cunyat	properNoun	fra
Faust	properNoun	oci	Faust	properNoun	fra
Monchamp	properNoun	oci	Monchamp	properNoun	fra
sardana	noun	oci	sardane	noun	fra
reduire	verb	oci	réduire	verb	fra
onorabilitat	noun	oci	honorabilité	noun	fra
Payne	properNoun	oci	Payne	properNoun	fra
dimenge	adverb	oci	dimanche	adverb	fra
octogòn	noun	oci	octogone	noun	fra
Narbonne	properNoun	oci	Narbonne	properNoun	fra
desapréner	verb	oci	désapprendre	verb	fra
Alcaine	properNoun	oci	Alcaine	properNoun	fra
Provencher	properNoun	oci	Provencher	properNoun	fra
formula	noun	oci	formule	noun	fra
Pineault	properNoun	oci	Pineault	properNoun	fra
istme	noun	oci	isthme	noun	fra
Salter	properNoun	oci	Salter	properNoun	fra
Ceauşescu	properNoun	oci	Ceauşescu	properNoun	fra
Vaz	properNoun	oci	Vaz	properNoun	fra
Rita	properNoun	oci	Rita	properNoun	fra
monoxid	noun	oci	monoxyde	noun	fra
Erdős	properNoun	oci	Erdős	properNoun	fra
otratjar	verb	oci	outrager	verb	fra
funicular	noun	oci	funiculaire	noun	fra
bolivian	adjective	oci	bolivien	adjective	fra
nosautris	pronoun	oci	nous	pronoun	fra
immobilitat	noun	oci	immobilité	noun	fra
degradar	verb	oci	dégrader	verb	fra
europèu	noun	oci	Européen	noun	fra
Urquijo	properNoun	oci	Urquijo	properNoun	fra
Sanschagrin	properNoun	oci	Sanschagrin	properNoun	fra
guadalopenc	adjective	oci	guadeloupéen	adjective	fra
Roman	properNoun	oci	Roman	properNoun	fra
RAM	noun	oci	RAM	noun	fra
conjuracion	noun	oci	conjuration	noun	fra
reglamentacion	noun	oci	réglementation	noun	fra
Miègjorn-Pirenèus	properNoun	oci	Midi-Pyrénées	properNoun	fra
elegant	adjective	oci	élégant	adjective	fra
Landa	properNoun	oci	Landa	properNoun	fra
dielectric	noun	oci	diélectrique	noun	fra
Mururoa	properNoun	oci	Mururoa	properNoun	fra
fulheton	noun	oci	feuilleton	noun	fra
Leire	properNoun	oci	Loire	properNoun	fra
sanguin	adjective	oci	sanguin	adjective	fra
zòna	noun	oci	zone	noun	fra
bricolatge	noun	oci	bricolage	noun	fra
redonar	verb	oci	redonner	verb	fra
carnaval	noun	oci	carnaval	noun	fra
Còstas d'Arvòr	properNoun	oci	Côtes-d'Armor	properNoun	fra
adonic	adjective	oci	adonique	adjective	fra
von Krosigk	properNoun	oci	von Krosigk	properNoun	fra
Vecino	properNoun	oci	Vecino	properNoun	fra
nonmàs	adverb	oci	seulement	adverb	fra
Aquitània	properNoun	oci	Aquitaine	properNoun	fra
illegalitat	noun	oci	illégalité	noun	fra
lira	noun	oci	lire	noun	fra
lira	noun	oci	lyre	noun	fra
Giovanna	properNoun	oci	Giovanna	properNoun	fra
betol	noun	oci	bouleau	noun	fra
isolat	adjective	oci	isolé	adjective	fra
soca	noun	oci	souche	noun	fra
amassaire	noun	oci	thésauriseur	noun	fra
Heinz	properNoun	oci	Heinz	properNoun	fra
ajuston	noun	oci	confluent	noun	fra
ajuston	noun	oci	épissoir	noun	fra
Lau	properNoun	oci	Lau	properNoun	fra
Fonseca	properNoun	oci	Fonseca	properNoun	fra
regeneracion	noun	oci	régénération	noun	fra
Savovic	properNoun	oci	Savovic	properNoun	fra
Mateus	properNoun	oci	Mateus	properNoun	fra
Bagnasco	properNoun	oci	Bagnasco	properNoun	fra
abondantament	adverb	oci	abondamment	adverb	fra
srilankés	adjective	oci	srilankais	adjective	fra
fumaire	noun	oci	fumeur	noun	fra
Akarregi	properNoun	oci	Akarregi	properNoun	fra
cristianisme	noun	oci	christianisme	noun	fra
Tuvalu	properNoun	oci	Tuvalu	properNoun	fra
Saillant	properNoun	oci	Saillant	properNoun	fra
von Guericke	properNoun	oci	von Guericke	properNoun	fra
fromatge	noun	oci	fromage	noun	fra
irreversible	adjective	oci	irréversible	adjective	fra
Ostwald	properNoun	oci	Ostwald	properNoun	fra
Marco	properNoun	oci	Marco	properNoun	fra
allergèn	noun	oci	allergène	noun	fra
prèmi	noun	oci	prix	noun	fra
ipotèca	noun	oci	hypothèque	noun	fra
Petiguay	properNoun	oci	Petiguay	properNoun	fra
bizantin	adjective	oci	byzantin	adjective	fra
paquet	noun	oci	colis	noun	fra
paquet	noun	oci	paquet	noun	fra
Crowe	properNoun	oci	Crowe	properNoun	fra
agradable	adjective	oci	agréable	adjective	fra
Taupiac	properNoun	oci	Taupiac	properNoun	fra
Airtel	properNoun	oci	Airtel	properNoun	fra
Feijoo	properNoun	oci	Feijoo	properNoun	fra
Bardeen	properNoun	oci	Bardeen	properNoun	fra
Letònia	properNoun	oci	Lettonie	properNoun	fra
Bernaus	properNoun	oci	Bernaus	properNoun	fra
consequent	adjective	oci	conséquent	adjective	fra
Patoine	properNoun	oci	Patoine	properNoun	fra
jaunàs	adjective	oci	jaunâtre	adjective	fra
amplada	noun	oci	largeur	noun	fra
Natasha	properNoun	oci	Natasha	properNoun	fra
dotar	verb	oci	douer	verb	fra
dotar	verb	oci	doter	verb	fra
superpausar	verb	oci	superposer	verb	fra
turgescent	adjective	oci	turgescent	adjective	fra
Juncosa	properNoun	oci	Juncosa	properNoun	fra
desfar	verb	oci	défaire	verb	fra
al ras	adverb	oci	à proximité	adverb	fra
autonòme	noun	oci	autonome	noun	fra
Juif	properNoun	oci	Juif	properNoun	fra
Bourassa	properNoun	oci	Bourassa	properNoun	fra
òlga	noun	oci	odeur	noun	fra
magneticament	adverb	oci	magnétiquement	adverb	fra
Buchanan	properNoun	oci	Buchanan	properNoun	fra
Eslovènia	properNoun	oci	Slovénie	properNoun	fra
Casco	properNoun	oci	Casco	properNoun	fra
sorneta	noun	oci	sornette	noun	fra
Gascó	properNoun	oci	Gascó	properNoun	fra
Péladeau	properNoun	oci	Péladeau	properNoun	fra
reparticion	noun	oci	répartition	noun	fra
Pugliese	properNoun	oci	Pugliese	properNoun	fra
Durand	properNoun	oci	Durand	properNoun	fra
Sant Marin	properNoun	oci	Saint-Marin	properNoun	fra
fin finala	adverb	oci	somme toute	adverb	fra
fin finala	adverb	oci	finalement	adverb	fra
sanar	verb	oci	castrer	verb	fra
sexualitat	noun	oci	sexualité	noun	fra
adolescéncia	noun	oci	adolescence	noun	fra
Mor	properNoun	oci	Mor	properNoun	fra
anglicisme	noun	oci	anglicisme	noun	fra
liurar	verb	oci	libérer	verb	fra
liurar	verb	oci	délivrer	verb	fra
liurar	verb	oci	livrer	verb	fra
diocèsi	noun	oci	diocèse	noun	fra
ni mai	coordinatingConjunction	oci	ni	coordinatingConjunction	fra
garòfle	noun	oci	œillet	noun	fra
cataclisme	noun	oci	cataclisme	noun	fra
Iglesias	properNoun	oci	Iglesias	properNoun	fra
rabelaisian	adjective	oci	rabelaisien	adjective	fra
Roergue	properNoun	oci	Rouergue	properNoun	fra
uechanta un	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-un	numeral	fra
Gullón	properNoun	oci	Gullón	properNoun	fra
Toulouse	properNoun	oci	Toulouse	properNoun	fra
Lorentz	properNoun	oci	Lorentz	properNoun	fra
Filippone	properNoun	oci	Filippone	properNoun	fra
Dortmund	properNoun	oci	Dortmund	properNoun	fra
tipograf	noun	oci	typographe	noun	fra
sal	noun	oci	sel	noun	fra
equacion	noun	oci	équation	noun	fra
policièr	noun	oci	policier	noun	fra
aprèp	preposition	oci	après	preposition	fra
nucleon	noun	oci	nucléon	noun	fra
setmana	noun	oci	semaine	noun	fra
Postigo	properNoun	oci	Postigo	properNoun	fra
observaire	adjective	oci	observateur	adjective	fra
isotopia	noun	oci	isotopie	noun	fra
monoplan	noun	oci	monoplan	noun	fra
solemne	adjective	oci	solennel	adjective	fra
laboratòri	noun	oci	laboratoire	noun	fra
lum	noun	oci	lumière	noun	fra
privatiu	adjective	oci	privatif	adjective	fra
Diamond	properNoun	oci	Diamond	properNoun	fra
Galtés	properNoun	oci	Galtés	properNoun	fra
mesclanha	noun	oci	mêlée	noun	fra
Ciccone	properNoun	oci	Ciccone	properNoun	fra
secularizar	verb	oci	séculariser	verb	fra
equilibratge	noun	oci	équilibrage	noun	fra
castanhenc	adjective	oci	châtain	adjective	fra
terapeuta	noun	oci	thérapeute	noun	fra
afirmativament	adverb	oci	affirmativement	adverb	fra
Thurman	properNoun	oci	Thurman	properNoun	fra
Gunn	properNoun	oci	Gunn	properNoun	fra
Souza	properNoun	oci	Souza	properNoun	fra
sorrolh	noun	oci	bruit	noun	fra
esquiar	verb	oci	skier	verb	fra
Lam	properNoun	oci	Lam	properNoun	fra
Laurie	properNoun	oci	Laurie	properNoun	fra
vampir	noun	oci	vampire	noun	fra
Elies	properNoun	oci	Elies	properNoun	fra
canonic	adjective	oci	canonique	adjective	fra
Carroll	properNoun	oci	Carroll	properNoun	fra
quirguiz	noun	oci	kirghiz	noun	fra
italic	adjective	oci	italique	adjective	fra
Beauregard	properNoun	oci	Beauregard	properNoun	fra
Manière	properNoun	oci	Manière	properNoun	fra
redoblar	verb	oci	redoubler	verb	fra
Rossana	properNoun	oci	Rossana	properNoun	fra
Gassó	properNoun	oci	Gassó	properNoun	fra
insisténcia	noun	oci	insistance	noun	fra
Cappai	properNoun	oci	Cappai	properNoun	fra
nonanta nòu	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-dix-neuf	numeral	fra
consòla	noun	oci	console	noun	fra
despaciéncia	noun	oci	impatience	noun	fra
desembarcador	noun	oci	débarcadère	noun	fra
ala	noun	oci	aile	noun	fra
Laprade	properNoun	oci	Laprade	properNoun	fra
Casà	properNoun	oci	Casà	properNoun	fra
Gouger	properNoun	oci	Gouger	properNoun	fra
constància	noun	oci	constance	noun	fra
errar	verb	oci	errer	verb	fra
Dante	properNoun	oci	Dante	properNoun	fra
Riverin	properNoun	oci	Riverin	properNoun	fra
UDC	noun	oci	UDC	noun	fra
Meunier	properNoun	oci	Meunier	properNoun	fra
Garnica	properNoun	oci	Garnica	properNoun	fra
interdisciplinari	adjective	oci	interdisciplinaire	adjective	fra
sabre	noun	oci	sabre	noun	fra
breviari	noun	oci	bréviaire	noun	fra
sunnita	noun	oci	sunnite	noun	fra
Pontbriand	properNoun	oci	Pontbriand	properNoun	fra
Santaularia	properNoun	oci	Santaularia	properNoun	fra
bromic	adjective	oci	bromique	adjective	fra
bessai	adverb	oci	peut-être	adverb	fra
Joel	properNoun	oci	Joel	properNoun	fra
devòt	adjective	oci	dévot	adjective	fra
disciplinari	adjective	oci	disciplinaire	adjective	fra
Ariza	properNoun	oci	Ariza	properNoun	fra
Berga	properNoun	oci	Berga	properNoun	fra
Labonté	properNoun	oci	Labonté	properNoun	fra
in·hèrn	noun	oci	enfer	noun	fra
Rousseff	properNoun	oci	Rousseff	properNoun	fra
Segala	properNoun	oci	Segala	properNoun	fra
Fortuné	properNoun	oci	Fortuné	properNoun	fra
occitanizar	verb	oci	occitaniser	verb	fra
Sempronia	properNoun	oci	Sempronia	properNoun	fra
euforia	noun	oci	euphorie	noun	fra
morbiditat	noun	oci	morbidité	noun	fra
al-Maliki	properNoun	oci	al-Maliki	properNoun	fra
Kong	properNoun	oci	Kong	properNoun	fra
teis	noun	oci	if	noun	fra
insultar	verb	oci	insulter	verb	fra
Taleb	properNoun	oci	Taleb	properNoun	fra
Cabañas	properNoun	oci	Cabañas	properNoun	fra
lavar	verb	oci	laver	verb	fra
Justine	properNoun	oci	Justine	properNoun	fra
Azuaga	properNoun	oci	Azuaga	properNoun	fra
Loaiza	properNoun	oci	Loaiza	properNoun	fra
Aderrahmane	properNoun	oci	Abderrahmane	properNoun	fra
Campa	properNoun	oci	Campa	properNoun	fra
Lledó	properNoun	oci	Lledó	properNoun	fra
Llaberia	properNoun	oci	Llaberia	properNoun	fra
Hurtado	properNoun	oci	Hurtado	properNoun	fra
Martino	properNoun	oci	Martino	properNoun	fra
canon	noun	oci	canon	noun	fra
Gomila	properNoun	oci	Gomila	properNoun	fra
Singer	properNoun	oci	Singer	properNoun	fra
convalescéncia	noun	oci	convalescence	noun	fra
polifonia	noun	oci	polyphonie	noun	fra
cardonilha	noun	oci	chardonneret	noun	fra
Gailloux	properNoun	oci	Gailloux	properNoun	fra
Hoffman	properNoun	oci	Hoffman	properNoun	fra
bearnés	adjective	oci	béarnais	adjective	fra
Aretxabala	properNoun	oci	Aretxabala	properNoun	fra
epatic	adjective	oci	hépatique	adjective	fra
LTD	properNoun	oci	LTD	properNoun	fra
Melilla	properNoun	oci	Melilla	properNoun	fra
patz	noun	oci	paix	noun	fra
Cracòvia	properNoun	oci	Cracovie	properNoun	fra
invariablament	adverb	oci	invariablement	adverb	fra
Galobardes	properNoun	oci	Galobardes	properNoun	fra
Gubern	properNoun	oci	Gubern	properNoun	fra
Chernenko	properNoun	oci	Tchernenko	properNoun	fra
contrari	noun	oci	contraire	noun	fra
Kiani	properNoun	oci	Kiani	properNoun	fra
Junkers	properNoun	oci	Junkers	properNoun	fra
Dupré	properNoun	oci	Dupré	properNoun	fra
von Habsburg	properNoun	oci	von Habsburg	properNoun	fra
immaculat	adjective	oci	immaculé	adjective	fra
Viñeta	properNoun	oci	Viñeta	properNoun	fra
Malorni	properNoun	oci	Malorni	properNoun	fra
epilògue	noun	oci	épilogue	noun	fra
Mugica	properNoun	oci	Mugica	properNoun	fra
Iraq	properNoun	oci	Iraq	properNoun	fra
Iraq	properNoun	oci	Irak	properNoun	fra
Callaghan	properNoun	oci	Callaghan	properNoun	fra
Cournoyer	properNoun	oci	Cournoyer	properNoun	fra
Tilak	properNoun	oci	Tilak	properNoun	fra
Cardoner	properNoun	oci	Cardoner	properNoun	fra
Deneuve	properNoun	oci	Deneuve	properNoun	fra
Ung	properNoun	oci	Ung	properNoun	fra
Nicaragua	properNoun	oci	Nicaragua	properNoun	fra
abjècte	adjective	oci	abject	adjective	fra
paleografic	adjective	oci	paléographique	adjective	fra
Risco	properNoun	oci	Risco	properNoun	fra
Bibeau	properNoun	oci	Bibeau	properNoun	fra
Torrelles	properNoun	oci	Torrelles	properNoun	fra
incognita	noun	oci	inconnue	noun	fra
esqueleta	noun	oci	squelette	noun	fra
Sala	properNoun	oci	Sala	properNoun	fra
Houellebecq	properNoun	oci	Houellebecq	properNoun	fra
Michelle	properNoun	oci	Michelle	properNoun	fra
Royo	properNoun	oci	Royo	properNoun	fra
pèrdre	verb	oci	perdre	verb	fra
pentós	adjective	oci	repentant	adjective	fra
citologic	adjective	oci	cytologique	adjective	fra
Savoie	properNoun	oci	Savoie	properNoun	fra
cunh	noun	oci	coin	noun	fra
Salem	properNoun	oci	Salem	properNoun	fra
Takeo	properNoun	oci	Takeo	properNoun	fra
Matton	properNoun	oci	Matton	properNoun	fra
Vandellós	properNoun	oci	Vandellós	properNoun	fra
cereireda	noun	oci	cerisaie	noun	fra
injustificat	adjective	oci	injustifié	adjective	fra
estatistica	noun	oci	statistique	noun	fra
geologia	noun	oci	géologie	noun	fra
Modéré	properNoun	oci	Modéré	properNoun	fra
Lalanne	properNoun	oci	Lalanne	properNoun	fra
invèrs	adjective	oci	inverse	adjective	fra
interdependéncia	noun	oci	interdépendance	noun	fra
von Benedek	properNoun	oci	von Benedek	properNoun	fra
palle	adjective	oci	pâle	adjective	fra
campionat	noun	oci	championnat	noun	fra
Constanza	properNoun	oci	Constanza	properNoun	fra
ferric	adjective	oci	ferrique	adjective	fra
patana	noun	oci	pomme de terre	noun	fra
Hodgson	properNoun	oci	Hodgson	properNoun	fra
Patagònia	properNoun	oci	Patagonie	properNoun	fra
coratjós	adjective	oci	courageux	adjective	fra
lana	noun	oci	laine	noun	fra
recòrd	noun	oci	record	noun	fra
Edward	properNoun	oci	Edward	properNoun	fra
Quintana	properNoun	oci	Quintana	properNoun	fra
jovent	adjective	oci	jeune	adjective	fra
Lanza	properNoun	oci	Lanza	properNoun	fra
producte	noun	oci	produit	noun	fra
Serge	properNoun	oci	Serge	properNoun	fra
prudentament	adverb	oci	prudemment	adverb	fra
Luxembourg	properNoun	oci	Luxembourg	properNoun	fra
Pluton	properNoun	oci	Pluton	properNoun	fra
subterfugi	noun	oci	subterfuge	noun	fra
America Centrala	properNoun	oci	Amérique centrale	properNoun	fra
autografe	noun	oci	autographe	noun	fra
amerindian	noun	oci	Amérindien	noun	fra
apuntar	verb	oci	viser	verb	fra
Tebar	properNoun	oci	Tebar	properNoun	fra
Zamor	properNoun	oci	Zamor	properNoun	fra
zimbabwés	noun	oci	Zimbabwéen	noun	fra
Authier	properNoun	oci	Authier	properNoun	fra
Dietrich	properNoun	oci	Dietrich	properNoun	fra
Babeux	properNoun	oci	Babeux	properNoun	fra
Gaucher	properNoun	oci	Gaucher	properNoun	fra
anniversari	noun	oci	anniversaire	noun	fra
economia	noun	oci	économie	noun	fra
economia	noun	oci	épargne	noun	fra
femna	noun	oci	époux	noun	fra
femna	noun	oci	femme	noun	fra
Tartaglia	properNoun	oci	Tartaglia	properNoun	fra
iscla	noun	oci	île	noun	fra
epidemic	adjective	oci	épidémique	adjective	fra
Caplette	properNoun	oci	Caplette	properNoun	fra
anormalament	adverb	oci	anormalement	adverb	fra
batent	adjective	oci	battant	adjective	fra
véser	verb	oci	voir	verb	fra
O'Connell	properNoun	oci	O'Connell	properNoun	fra
poder	modal	oci	pouvoir	modal	fra
Keynes	properNoun	oci	Keynes	properNoun	fra
domestic	adjective	oci	domestique	adjective	fra
reactivacion	noun	oci	réactivation	noun	fra
Arthur	properNoun	oci	Arthur	properNoun	fra
Torreblanca	properNoun	oci	Torreblanca	properNoun	fra
en favor	adverb	oci	en faveur	adverb	fra
Juteau	properNoun	oci	Juteau	properNoun	fra
programari	noun	oci	logiciel	noun	fra
boisselièr	noun	oci	tonnelier	noun	fra
mesolh	noun	oci	moelle	noun	fra
transméter	verb	oci	transmettre	verb	fra
cantabre	adjective	oci	cantabre	adjective	fra
Cain	properNoun	oci	Cain	properNoun	fra
Viaplana	properNoun	oci	Viaplana	properNoun	fra
Haro	properNoun	oci	Haro	properNoun	fra
Muntadas	properNoun	oci	Muntadas	properNoun	fra
16n	adjective	oci	16ème	adjective	fra
interrogatiu	adjective	oci	interrogatif	adjective	fra
Mancera	properNoun	oci	Mancera	properNoun	fra
sovietic	noun	oci	soviétique	noun	fra
subreproduccion	noun	oci	surproduction	noun	fra
Lozano	properNoun	oci	Lozano	properNoun	fra
Breen	properNoun	oci	Breen	properNoun	fra
Lister	properNoun	oci	Lister	properNoun	fra
refondre	verb	oci	refondre	verb	fra
Rocafull	properNoun	oci	Rocafull	properNoun	fra
von Richthofen	properNoun	oci	von Richthofen	properNoun	fra
adulator	adjective	oci	adulateur	adjective	fra
contrafòrt	noun	oci	contrefort	noun	fra
quatau	adjective	oci	quatrième	adjective	fra
Elhage	properNoun	oci	Elhage	properNoun	fra
Preminger	properNoun	oci	Preminger	properNoun	fra
abarreja	preposition	oci	parmi	preposition	fra
Sylviane	properNoun	oci	Sylviane	properNoun	fra
vergada	noun	oci	vergeture	noun	fra
amovible	adjective	oci	amovible	adjective	fra
oèd	noun	oci	oued	noun	fra
cambotjan	adjective	oci	cambodgien	adjective	fra
microscopic	adjective	oci	microscopique	adjective	fra
Mattawa	properNoun	oci	Mattawa	properNoun	fra
Cebu	properNoun	oci	Cebu	properNoun	fra
Alcock	properNoun	oci	Alcock	properNoun	fra
Pazos	properNoun	oci	Pazos	properNoun	fra
Vollant	properNoun	oci	Vollant	properNoun	fra
despoblacion	noun	oci	dépopulation	noun	fra
traslat	noun	oci	déplacement	noun	fra
Grand Èst	properNoun	oci	Grand Est	properNoun	fra
escampar	verb	oci	balayer	verb	fra
Marcil	properNoun	oci	Marcil	properNoun	fra
endeutament	noun	oci	endettement	noun	fra
preceptor	noun	oci	précepteur	noun	fra
cira	noun	oci	cire	noun	fra
atot	noun	oci	atout	noun	fra
Viana	properNoun	oci	Viana	properNoun	fra
illegalizacion	noun	oci	illégalisation	noun	fra
lobaton	noun	oci	louveteau	noun	fra
Periz	properNoun	oci	Periz	properNoun	fra
Joseba	properNoun	oci	Joseba	properNoun	fra
Soussan	properNoun	oci	Soussan	properNoun	fra
Solano	properNoun	oci	Solano	properNoun	fra
Llorenç	properNoun	oci	Llorenç	properNoun	fra
curator	adjective	oci	curateur	adjective	fra
mondan	adjective	oci	mondain	adjective	fra
Imbernon	properNoun	oci	Imbernon	properNoun	fra
Nonell	properNoun	oci	Nonell	properNoun	fra
expausar	verb	oci	exposer	verb	fra
evaporar	verb	oci	évaporer	verb	fra
lapidar	verb	oci	lapider	verb	fra
Casañas	properNoun	oci	Casañas	properNoun	fra
Lampron	properNoun	oci	Lampron	properNoun	fra
morbid	adjective	oci	morbide	adjective	fra
Tèxas	properNoun	oci	Texas	properNoun	fra
Bernadas	properNoun	oci	Bernadas	properNoun	fra
escart	noun	oci	écart	noun	fra
circulacion	noun	oci	circulation	noun	fra
Peres	properNoun	oci	Peres	properNoun	fra
Debré	properNoun	oci	Debré	properNoun	fra
Rebollo	properNoun	oci	Rebollo	properNoun	fra
Fernández	properNoun	oci	Fernández	properNoun	fra
electromagnetic	adjective	oci	électromagnétique	adjective	fra
Pantoja	properNoun	oci	Pantoja	properNoun	fra
motricitat	noun	oci	motricité	noun	fra
Lowry	properNoun	oci	Lowry	properNoun	fra
Posada	properNoun	oci	Posada	properNoun	fra
saharian	adjective	oci	saharien	adjective	fra
reciclar	verb	oci	recycler	verb	fra
Azcarraga	properNoun	oci	Azcarraga	properNoun	fra
Cerquiglini	properNoun	oci	Cerquiglini	properNoun	fra
Fillat	properNoun	oci	Fillat	properNoun	fra
Luana	properNoun	oci	Luana	properNoun	fra
Marcel	properNoun	oci	Marcel	properNoun	fra
lengatge	noun	oci	langage	noun	fra
Ring	properNoun	oci	Ring	properNoun	fra
monogamia	noun	oci	monogamie	noun	fra
instruire	verb	oci	instruire	verb	fra
notable	noun	oci	notable	noun	fra
non	adverb	oci	ne	adverb	fra
non	adverb	oci	non	adverb	fra
Flageol	properNoun	oci	Flageol	properNoun	fra
Carreño	properNoun	oci	Carreño	properNoun	fra
Madrigal	properNoun	oci	Madrigal	properNoun	fra
creissent	adjective	oci	croissant	adjective	fra
admissible	adjective	oci	admissible	adjective	fra
Guerin	properNoun	oci	Guerin	properNoun	fra
Esmirna	properNoun	oci	Smyrne	properNoun	fra
replegament	noun	oci	repli	noun	fra
maternitat	noun	oci	maternité	noun	fra
interprèt	noun	oci	interprète	noun	fra
Herodier	properNoun	oci	Herodier	properNoun	fra
Roger	properNoun	oci	Roger	properNoun	fra
Gaudin	properNoun	oci	Gaudin	properNoun	fra
breçairòla	noun	oci	berceuse	noun	fra
codinèr	noun	oci	cuisinier	noun	fra
mèspla	noun	oci	nèfle	noun	fra
a pè ranquet	adverb	oci	à cloche-pied	adverb	fra
desamor	noun	oci	désamour	noun	fra
al-Hazmi	properNoun	oci	al-Hazmi	properNoun	fra
Sangrà	properNoun	oci	Sangrà	properNoun	fra
Johann	properNoun	oci	Johann	properNoun	fra
Ohayon	properNoun	oci	Ohayon	properNoun	fra
emulator	adjective	oci	émulateur	adjective	fra
bust	noun	oci	buste	noun	fra
a pòrta barrada	adverb	oci	à huis clos	adverb	fra
Daniela	properNoun	oci	Daniela	properNoun	fra
piramida	noun	oci	pyramide	noun	fra
Francoeur	properNoun	oci	Francoeur	properNoun	fra
erectilitat	noun	oci	érectilité	noun	fra
politecnic	adjective	oci	polytechnique	adjective	fra
Jones	properNoun	oci	Jones	properNoun	fra
del Peral	properNoun	oci	del Peral	properNoun	fra
Russo	properNoun	oci	Russo	properNoun	fra
bacha	noun	oci	bâche	noun	fra
Couet	properNoun	oci	Couet	properNoun	fra
Reinhardt	properNoun	oci	Reinhardt	properNoun	fra
Diakite	properNoun	oci	Diakite	properNoun	fra
Hynudai	properNoun	oci	Hyundai	properNoun	fra
Crillon	properNoun	oci	Crillon	properNoun	fra
bonapartisme	noun	oci	bonapartisme	noun	fra
iniciatiua	noun	oci	initiative	noun	fra
Maurois	properNoun	oci	Maurois	properNoun	fra
brevet	noun	oci	brevet	noun	fra
comentar	verb	oci	commenter	verb	fra
amargant	adjective	oci	amer	adjective	fra
Shakira	properNoun	oci	Shakira	properNoun	fra
exaltacion	noun	oci	exaltation	noun	fra
decadéncia	noun	oci	décadence	noun	fra
responsablament	adverb	oci	responsablement	adverb	fra
parasitic	adjective	oci	parasitique	adjective	fra
reflexionar	verb	oci	réfléchir	verb	fra
reflexionar	verb	oci	réflexionner	verb	fra
tremp	noun	oci	trempe	noun	fra
soliditat	noun	oci	solidité	noun	fra
omenatge	noun	oci	hommage	noun	fra
umerús	noun	oci	humérus	noun	fra
Pinheiro	properNoun	oci	Pinheiro	properNoun	fra
catacion	noun	oci	excavation	noun	fra
respècte	noun	oci	respect	noun	fra
flagèl	noun	oci	fléau	noun	fra
allucinacion	noun	oci	hallucination	noun	fra
companhia	noun	oci	compagnie	noun	fra
aquò	adverb	oci	ci	adverb	fra
Polinesia	properNoun	oci	Polynésie	properNoun	fra
Noguero	properNoun	oci	Noguero	properNoun	fra
Liarte	properNoun	oci	Liarte	properNoun	fra
Noguera	properNoun	oci	Noguera	properNoun	fra
Pojada	properNoun	oci	Pojada	properNoun	fra
deplecion	noun	oci	déplétion	noun	fra
decuple	noun	oci	décuple	noun	fra
inutilament	adverb	oci	inutilement	adverb	fra
dauna	noun	oci	dame	noun	fra
detritic	adjective	oci	détritique	adjective	fra
Meroi	properNoun	oci	Meroi	properNoun	fra
Adler	properNoun	oci	Adler	properNoun	fra
acordat	adjective	oci	accordé	adjective	fra
biopsia	noun	oci	biopsie	noun	fra
objècte	noun	oci	objet	noun	fra
ulceratiu	adjective	oci	ulcératif	adjective	fra
Casarrubios	properNoun	oci	Casarrubios	properNoun	fra
Scrudera	properNoun	oci	Scrudera	properNoun	fra
escarpament	noun	oci	escarpement	noun	fra
Pataky	properNoun	oci	Pataky	properNoun	fra
Lussier	properNoun	oci	Lussier	properNoun	fra
diluns	noun	oci	lundi	noun	fra
coincidir	verb	oci	coïncider	verb	fra
Hickey	properNoun	oci	Hickey	properNoun	fra
Adrienne	properNoun	oci	Adrienne	properNoun	fra
organizador	noun	oci	organisateur	noun	fra
Meloni	properNoun	oci	Meloni	properNoun	fra
cacauèta	noun	oci	cacahouète	noun	fra
cacauèta	noun	oci	cacahuète	noun	fra
anginós	adjective	oci	angineux	adjective	fra
Blum	properNoun	oci	Blum	properNoun	fra
Leopoldina	properNoun	oci	Leopoldina	properNoun	fra
reformista	noun	oci	réformiste	noun	fra
sarde	adjective	oci	sarde	adjective	fra
mona	noun	oci	moue	noun	fra
insinuar	verb	oci	insinuer	verb	fra
Roszkowski	properNoun	oci	Roszkowski	properNoun	fra
afiliacion	noun	oci	filiation	noun	fra
afiliacion	noun	oci	affiliation	noun	fra
Grimard	properNoun	oci	Grimard	properNoun	fra
Pederson	properNoun	oci	Pederson	properNoun	fra
en un cluc d'uèlh	adverb	oci	en un clin d'œil	adverb	fra
mesadièr	adjective	oci	mensuel	adjective	fra
Oraci	properNoun	oci	Horace	properNoun	fra
Oraci	properNoun	oci	Oraci	properNoun	fra
protector	noun	oci	protecteur	noun	fra
Luigi	properNoun	oci	Luigi	properNoun	fra
barbetina	noun	oci	barbichette	noun	fra
amb	preposition	oci	avec	preposition	fra
bilingüe	noun	oci	bilingue	noun	fra
Verdaguer	properNoun	oci	Verdaguer	properNoun	fra
imatge	noun	oci	image	noun	fra
Draper	properNoun	oci	Draper	properNoun	fra
repugnar	verb	oci	répugner	verb	fra
Èva	properNoun	oci	Èva	properNoun	fra
Èva	properNoun	oci	Ève	properNoun	fra
Vuong	properNoun	oci	Vuong	properNoun	fra
monoplaça	adjective	oci	monoplace	adjective	fra
abestit	adjective	oci	abruti	adjective	fra
deteccion	noun	oci	détection	noun	fra
Weierstrass	properNoun	oci	Weierstrass	properNoun	fra
Rollot	properNoun	oci	Rollot	properNoun	fra
pluralitat	noun	oci	pluralité	noun	fra
Saus	properNoun	oci	Saus	properNoun	fra
Davila	properNoun	oci	Davila	properNoun	fra
reflèx	noun	oci	réflexe	noun	fra
cordurar	verb	oci	coudre	verb	fra
besson	adjective	oci	jumeau	adjective	fra
redigir	verb	oci	rédiger	verb	fra
redigir	verb	oci	libeller	verb	fra
sanscrit	adjective	oci	sanskrit	adjective	fra
Gengis Khan	properNoun	oci	Gengis Khan	properNoun	fra
reproductor	adjective	oci	reproducteur	adjective	fra
cloquièr	noun	oci	clocher	noun	fra
ponde	noun	oci	plancher	noun	fra
Abe	properNoun	oci	Abe	properNoun	fra
javanés	noun	oci	javanais	noun	fra
Merino	properNoun	oci	Merino	properNoun	fra
Lucille	properNoun	oci	Lucille	properNoun	fra
Garijo	properNoun	oci	Garijo	properNoun	fra
ça que la	adverb	oci	toutefois	adverb	fra
cròça	noun	oci	crosse	noun	fra
CIA	noun	oci	CIA	noun	fra
Andión	properNoun	oci	Andión	properNoun	fra
Romero	properNoun	oci	Romero	properNoun	fra
Membrives	properNoun	oci	Membrives	properNoun	fra
Lora	properNoun	oci	Lora	properNoun	fra
Heredia	properNoun	oci	Heredia	properNoun	fra
amora	noun	oci	mûre	noun	fra
bornhon	noun	oci	ruche	noun	fra
produsir	verb	oci	produire	verb	fra
Bengala	properNoun	oci	Bengale	properNoun	fra
Gonzalvo	properNoun	oci	Gonzalvo	properNoun	fra
Gates	properNoun	oci	Gates	properNoun	fra
Trinité	properNoun	oci	Trinité	properNoun	fra
democracia	noun	oci	démocratie	noun	fra
òrda	noun	oci	horde	noun	fra
jibotian	noun	oci	Djiboutien	noun	fra
Thibodeau	properNoun	oci	Thibodeau	properNoun	fra
Ledo	properNoun	oci	Ledo	properNoun	fra
Gwendolyn	properNoun	oci	Gwendolyn	properNoun	fra
paisatge	noun	oci	paysage	noun	fra
Hofstadter	properNoun	oci	Hofstadter	properNoun	fra
plaçament	noun	oci	placement	noun	fra
Fontelles	properNoun	oci	Fontelles	properNoun	fra
fanatic	adjective	oci	fanatique	adjective	fra
dialectica	noun	oci	dialéctique	noun	fra
dialectica	noun	oci	dialectique	noun	fra
aglomeratiu	adjective	oci	agglomératif	adjective	fra
Matías	properNoun	oci	Matías	properNoun	fra
Alcoverro	properNoun	oci	Alcoverro	properNoun	fra
Rothon	properNoun	oci	Rothon	properNoun	fra
Colillas	properNoun	oci	Colillas	properNoun	fra
fendasclada	noun	oci	fente	noun	fra
fendasclada	noun	oci	crevasse	noun	fra
Motegi	properNoun	oci	Motegi	properNoun	fra
Oceania	properNoun	oci	Océanie	properNoun	fra
recidivista	adjective	oci	récidiviste	adjective	fra
tonalitat	noun	oci	tonalité	noun	fra
Cookie	properNoun	oci	Cookie	properNoun	fra
imparable	adjective	oci	imparable	adjective	fra
Madero	properNoun	oci	Madero	properNoun	fra
rancura	noun	oci	rancune	noun	fra
Iruin	properNoun	oci	Iruin	properNoun	fra
activista	adjective	oci	activiste	adjective	fra
Mona	properNoun	oci	Mona	properNoun	fra
Andrades	properNoun	oci	Andrades	properNoun	fra
bioquimista	noun	oci	biochimiste	noun	fra
Assayag	properNoun	oci	Assayag	properNoun	fra
lecafròia	noun	oci	lèchefrite	noun	fra
burotica	noun	oci	bureautique	noun	fra
infraroge	adjective	oci	infrarouge	adjective	fra
ofèrta	noun	oci	offre	noun	fra
Granada	properNoun	oci	Granada	properNoun	fra
propagandista	noun	oci	propagandiste	noun	fra
Chulià	properNoun	oci	Chulià	properNoun	fra
Viver	properNoun	oci	Viver	properNoun	fra
Santa Lúcia	properNoun	oci	Sainte-Lucie	properNoun	fra
Genover-Mas	properNoun	oci	Genover-Mas	properNoun	fra
darrièr	preposition	oci	derrière	preposition	fra
urbanizar	verb	oci	urbaniser	verb	fra
Sainz	properNoun	oci	Sainz	properNoun	fra
campana	noun	oci	cloche	noun	fra
Knafo	properNoun	oci	Knafo	properNoun	fra
Jasikevicius	properNoun	oci	Jasikevicius	properNoun	fra
Choudhury	properNoun	oci	Choudhury	properNoun	fra
coar	verb	oci	couver	verb	fra
Habib Burguiba	properNoun	oci	Habib Bourguiba	properNoun	fra
ironda	noun	oci	hirondelle	noun	fra
von Isenburg	properNoun	oci	von Isenburg	properNoun	fra
Casso	properNoun	oci	Casso	properNoun	fra
felicitar	verb	oci	féliciter	verb	fra
identitat	noun	oci	identité	noun	fra
Kinnock	properNoun	oci	Kinnock	properNoun	fra
desmodular	verb	oci	démoduler	verb	fra
emplegat	adjective	oci	employé	adjective	fra
Billy	properNoun	oci	Billy	properNoun	fra
sagelar	verb	oci	sceller	verb	fra
sagelar	verb	oci	timbrer	verb	fra
Poyatos	properNoun	oci	Poyatos	properNoun	fra
Niño	properNoun	oci	Niño	properNoun	fra
fenocristal	noun	oci	phénocristal	noun	fra
astrometric	adjective	oci	astrométrique	adjective	fra
Erhard	properNoun	oci	Erhard	properNoun	fra
personificar	verb	oci	personnifier	verb	fra
Mallen	properNoun	oci	Mallen	properNoun	fra
Rosés	properNoun	oci	Rosés	properNoun	fra
Hamming	properNoun	oci	Hamming	properNoun	fra
mistèri	noun	oci	cachette	noun	fra
mistèri	noun	oci	mystère	noun	fra
Canet	properNoun	oci	Canet	properNoun	fra
duplicacion	noun	oci	duplication	noun	fra
desen	noun	oci	dixième	noun	fra
a fin e mesura de	preposition	oci	au fur et à mesure de	preposition	fra
apercepcion	noun	oci	aperception	noun	fra
Clotet	properNoun	oci	Clotet	properNoun	fra
lor	determiner	oci	leur	pronoun	fra
lor	determiner	oci	leur	determiner	fra
lor	determiner	oci	leur	possessivePronoun	fra
lor	possessivePronoun	oci	leur	pronoun	fra
lor	possessivePronoun	oci	leur	determiner	fra
lor	possessivePronoun	oci	leur	possessivePronoun	fra
pauma	noun	oci	paume	noun	fra
Guilera	properNoun	oci	Guilera	properNoun	fra
Andes	properNoun	oci	Andes	properNoun	fra
Okituk	properNoun	oci	Okituk	properNoun	fra
versemblablament	adverb	oci	vraisemblablement	adverb	fra
Vall	properNoun	oci	Vall	properNoun	fra
Bajona	properNoun	oci	Bajona	properNoun	fra
dotzen	noun	oci	douzième	noun	fra
Lebesgue	properNoun	oci	Lebesgue	properNoun	fra
Jamal	properNoun	oci	Jamal	properNoun	fra
Malinowski	properNoun	oci	Malinowski	properNoun	fra
alemanic	noun	oci	alémanique	noun	fra
Giacalone	properNoun	oci	Giacalone	properNoun	fra
Sena	properNoun	oci	Sena	properNoun	fra
corregir	verb	oci	corriger	verb	fra
dramaturg	noun	oci	dramaturge	noun	fra
Leach	properNoun	oci	Leach	properNoun	fra
Zapater	properNoun	oci	Zapater	properNoun	fra
Kaltush	properNoun	oci	Kaltush	properNoun	fra
Kearns	properNoun	oci	Kearns	properNoun	fra
crit	noun	oci	cri	noun	fra
Mengibar	properNoun	oci	Mengibar	properNoun	fra
papivòr	adjective	oci	papivore	adjective	fra
Palomo	properNoun	oci	Palomo	properNoun	fra
davalar	verb	oci	dévaler	verb	fra
davalar	verb	oci	descendre	verb	fra
Adorno	properNoun	oci	Adorno	properNoun	fra
Harb	properNoun	oci	Harb	properNoun	fra
salòpa	noun	oci	salope	noun	fra
tormentar	verb	oci	tourmenter	verb	fra
Illa de Pascas	properNoun	oci	Île de Pâques	properNoun	fra
Moskovits	properNoun	oci	Moskovits	properNoun	fra
Filteau	properNoun	oci	Filteau	properNoun	fra
Galasso	properNoun	oci	Galasso	properNoun	fra
capucha	noun	oci	capuche	noun	fra
exclusion	noun	oci	exclusion	noun	fra
taxonomic	adjective	oci	taxonomique	adjective	fra
Caño	properNoun	oci	Caño	properNoun	fra
Arilla	properNoun	oci	Arilla	properNoun	fra
Rufiange	properNoun	oci	Rufiange	properNoun	fra
Barolet	properNoun	oci	Barolet	properNoun	fra
traïr	verb	oci	trahir	verb	fra
Tuileries	properNoun	oci	Tuileries	properNoun	fra
Neill	properNoun	oci	Neill	properNoun	fra
compensatòri	adjective	oci	compensatoire	adjective	fra
mascaret	noun	oci	mascaret	noun	fra
Husein	properNoun	oci	Husein	properNoun	fra
Aurenja	properNoun	oci	Orange	properNoun	fra
Bret	properNoun	oci	Bret	properNoun	fra
Paula	properNoun	oci	Paula	properNoun	fra
levam	noun	oci	levain	noun	fra
auriòl	noun	oci	loriot	noun	fra
guerrejar	verb	oci	guerroyer	verb	fra
Brugada	properNoun	oci	Brugada	properNoun	fra
Verde	properNoun	oci	Verde	properNoun	fra
Amenós	properNoun	oci	Amenós	properNoun	fra
acièr	noun	oci	acier	noun	fra
Lo Mont de Marçan	properNoun	oci	Mont-de-Marsan	properNoun	fra
Bianchi	properNoun	oci	Bianchi	properNoun	fra
Skoda	properNoun	oci	Skoda	properNoun	fra
pelalha	noun	oci	pelure	noun	fra
examinar	verb	oci	examiner	verb	fra
idrometeorologia	noun	oci	hydrométéorologie	noun	fra
genèsi	noun	oci	genèse	noun	fra
avalir	verb	oci	anéantir	verb	fra
enquestar	verb	oci	enquêter	verb	fra
Marimón	properNoun	oci	Marimón	properNoun	fra
frairon	noun	oci	frérot	noun	fra
Grimaldi	properNoun	oci	Grimaldi	properNoun	fra
Harrison	properNoun	oci	Harrison	properNoun	fra
brevetar	verb	oci	breveter	verb	fra
Campíns	properNoun	oci	Campíns	properNoun	fra
anodin	adjective	oci	anodin	adjective	fra
ospici	noun	oci	hospice	noun	fra
Vòlga	properNoun	oci	Volga	properNoun	fra
frustracion	noun	oci	frustration	noun	fra
avançar	verb	oci	avancer	verb	fra
nèci	noun	oci	niais	noun	fra
Catalano	properNoun	oci	Catalano	properNoun	fra
Pavel	properNoun	oci	Pavel	properNoun	fra
martirizar	verb	oci	martyriser	verb	fra
Garaud	properNoun	oci	Garaud	properNoun	fra
Norvègia	properNoun	oci	Norvège	properNoun	fra
secoduda	noun	oci	secousse	noun	fra
umilament	adverb	oci	humblement	adverb	fra
gospèl	noun	oci	gospel	noun	fra
Baglieri	properNoun	oci	Baglieri	properNoun	fra
Garzón	properNoun	oci	Garzón	properNoun	fra
Hermosilla	properNoun	oci	Hermosilla	properNoun	fra
Mirèlha	properNoun	oci	Mirèlha	properNoun	fra
esternut	noun	oci	éternuement	noun	fra
Escote	properNoun	oci	Escote	properNoun	fra
crestar	verb	oci	castrer	verb	fra
MacArthur	properNoun	oci	MacArthur	properNoun	fra
Joy	properNoun	oci	Joy	properNoun	fra
Seijo	properNoun	oci	Seijo	properNoun	fra
volant	adjective	oci	volant	adjective	fra
meilèu	adverb	oci	plutôt	adverb	fra
gratuïtament	adverb	oci	gratuitement	adverb	fra
estalinisme	noun	oci	stalinisme	noun	fra
avar	adjective	oci	avare	adjective	fra
citric	adjective	oci	citrique	adjective	fra
Ferrandis	properNoun	oci	Ferrandis	properNoun	fra
Pons	properNoun	oci	Pons	properNoun	fra
suspension	noun	oci	suspension	noun	fra
spinozista	noun	oci	spinoziste	noun	fra
Généreux	properNoun	oci	Généreux	properNoun	fra
Fofonov	properNoun	oci	Fofonov	properNoun	fra
Jeanty	properNoun	oci	Jeanty	properNoun	fra
foet	noun	oci	fouet	noun	fra
Ramsay	properNoun	oci	Ramsay	properNoun	fra
jaupada	noun	oci	aboiement	noun	fra
Kingsley	properNoun	oci	Kingsley	properNoun	fra
centre	noun	oci	centre	noun	fra
tenèbra	noun	oci	ténèbre	noun	fra
Balsera	properNoun	oci	Balsera	properNoun	fra
sablièra	noun	oci	sablière	noun	fra
Tarazona	properNoun	oci	Tarazona	properNoun	fra
bielorús	noun	oci	biélorusse	noun	fra
Murga	properNoun	oci	Murga	properNoun	fra
compàs	noun	oci	compas	noun	fra
pedalo	noun	oci	pédalo	noun	fra
murmurar	verb	oci	murmurer	verb	fra
Falstaff	properNoun	oci	Falstaff	properNoun	fra
kiribatenc	adjective	oci	gilbertin	adjective	fra
desvariar	verb	oci	déraisonner	verb	fra
seguir	verb	oci	suivre	verb	fra
Gaboriault	properNoun	oci	Gaboriault	properNoun	fra
Astigarraga	properNoun	oci	Astigarraga	properNoun	fra
Lazaris	properNoun	oci	Lazaris	properNoun	fra
convençut	adjective	oci	convaincu	adjective	fra
Lons-le-Saunier	properNoun	oci	Lons-le-Saunier	properNoun	fra
pujar	verb	oci	monter	verb	fra
peneplana	noun	oci	pénéplaine	noun	fra
tai	adjective	oci	thaïlandais	adjective	fra
Hussain	properNoun	oci	Hussain	properNoun	fra
Agrigente	properNoun	oci	Agrigente	properNoun	fra
segontes	preposition	oci	selon	preposition	fra
segontes	preposition	oci	au dire de	preposition	fra
magmatic	adjective	oci	magmatique	adjective	fra
resèrva	noun	oci	réserve	noun	fra
moton	noun	oci	mouton	noun	fra
gravador	noun	oci	graveur	noun	fra
Durà	properNoun	oci	Durà	properNoun	fra
mobiliari	noun	oci	mobilier	noun	fra
mobiliari	noun	oci	ameublement	noun	fra
Khayat	properNoun	oci	Khayat	properNoun	fra
nord	noun	oci	nord	noun	fra
Urrutia	properNoun	oci	Urrutia	properNoun	fra
religiositat	noun	oci	religiosité	noun	fra
Bellavista	properNoun	oci	Bellavista	properNoun	fra
estrictament	adverb	oci	strictement	adverb	fra
Aixendrí	properNoun	oci	Aixendrí	properNoun	fra
Tigre	properNoun	oci	Tigre	properNoun	fra
Calàbria	properNoun	oci	Calabre	properNoun	fra
polinuclear	adjective	oci	polynucléaire	adjective	fra
Puga	properNoun	oci	Puga	properNoun	fra
pòp	noun	oci	pop	noun	fra
civilitat	noun	oci	civilité	noun	fra
Belmonte	properNoun	oci	Belmonte	properNoun	fra
Vinyals	properNoun	oci	Vinyals	properNoun	fra
Erdogan	properNoun	oci	Erdogan	properNoun	fra
Ayuga	properNoun	oci	Ayuga	properNoun	fra
Guijo	properNoun	oci	Guijo	properNoun	fra
Bowie	properNoun	oci	Bowie	properNoun	fra
Moncunill	properNoun	oci	Moncunill	properNoun	fra
ideològ	noun	oci	idéologue	noun	fra
normatiua	noun	oci	réglementation	noun	fra
menú	noun	oci	menu	noun	fra
Alcaina	properNoun	oci	Alcaina	properNoun	fra
Lahey	properNoun	oci	Lahey	properNoun	fra
Carnero	properNoun	oci	Carnero	properNoun	fra
St-André	properNoun	oci	St-André	properNoun	fra
Corriveau	properNoun	oci	Corriveau	properNoun	fra
set	noun	oci	soif	noun	fra
estirar	verb	oci	repasser	verb	fra
estirar	verb	oci	étirer	verb	fra
internèt	noun	oci	internet	noun	fra
Buzzell	properNoun	oci	Buzzell	properNoun	fra
Tanya	properNoun	oci	Tanya	properNoun	fra
velut	adjective	oci	velu	adjective	fra
Fiat	properNoun	oci	Fiat	properNoun	fra
curiosament	adverb	oci	curieusement	adverb	fra
industrializat	adjective	oci	industrialisé	adjective	fra
titanic	adjective	oci	titanique	adjective	fra
Pardo	properNoun	oci	Pardo	properNoun	fra
Aranbarri	properNoun	oci	Aranbarri	properNoun	fra
Carrier	properNoun	oci	Carrier	properNoun	fra
litografiar	verb	oci	lithographier	verb	fra
Cater	properNoun	oci	Cater	properNoun	fra
Adam	properNoun	oci	Adam	properNoun	fra
Tatgiquistan	properNoun	oci	Tadjikistan	properNoun	fra
Capellades	properNoun	oci	Capellades	properNoun	fra
educatiu	adjective	oci	éducatif	adjective	fra
torsion	noun	oci	torsion	noun	fra
Berbel	properNoun	oci	Berbel	properNoun	fra
regular	verb	oci	réguler	verb	fra
aparéisser	verb	oci	apparaître	verb	fra
TeX	properNoun	oci	TeX	properNoun	fra
Borràs	properNoun	oci	Borràs	properNoun	fra
Nur	properNoun	oci	Nur	properNoun	fra
ulterior	adjective	oci	ultérieur	adjective	fra
Llibre	properNoun	oci	Llibre	properNoun	fra
Pardiac	properNoun	oci	Pardiac	properNoun	fra
cauma de la fam	noun	oci	grève de la faim	noun	fra
Ulloa	properNoun	oci	Ulloa	properNoun	fra
generalament	adverb	oci	généralement	adverb	fra
categoric	adjective	oci	catégorique	adjective	fra
Marie	properNoun	oci	Marie	properNoun	fra
Marie	properNoun	oci	Maria	properNoun	fra
pilotatge	noun	oci	pilotage	noun	fra
granit	noun	oci	granite	noun	fra
granit	noun	oci	granit	noun	fra
sevir	verb	oci	sévir	verb	fra
Clarke	properNoun	oci	Clarke	properNoun	fra
Cinca	properNoun	oci	Cinca	properNoun	fra
farga	noun	oci	forge	noun	fra
Rufo	properNoun	oci	Rufo	properNoun	fra
Nòrd	properNoun	oci	Nord	properNoun	fra
Gourdet	properNoun	oci	Gourdet	properNoun	fra
Coral	properNoun	oci	Coral	properNoun	fra
politic	adjective	oci	politique	adjective	fra
mutualitat	noun	oci	mutualité	noun	fra
Casañ	properNoun	oci	Casañ	properNoun	fra
ispanic	adjective	oci	hispanique	adjective	fra
Eureka	properNoun	oci	Eureka	properNoun	fra
piòt	noun	oci	dindon	noun	fra
Zidane	properNoun	oci	Zidane	properNoun	fra
liberacion	noun	oci	libération	noun	fra
departament	noun	oci	département	noun	fra
impur	adjective	oci	impur	adjective	fra
credibilitat	noun	oci	crédibilité	noun	fra
Albert	properNoun	oci	Albert	properNoun	fra
radian	noun	oci	radian	noun	fra
Sinclair	properNoun	oci	Sinclair	properNoun	fra
Flynn	properNoun	oci	Flynn	properNoun	fra
Graziella	properNoun	oci	Graziella	properNoun	fra
Tabarés	properNoun	oci	Tabarés	properNoun	fra
collaboracion	noun	oci	collaboration	noun	fra
Escoda	properNoun	oci	Escoda	properNoun	fra
preistòria	noun	oci	préhistoire	noun	fra
Agnes	properNoun	oci	Agnes	properNoun	fra
grefuèlh	noun	oci	houx	noun	fra
alterable	adjective	oci	altérable	adjective	fra
Masó	properNoun	oci	Masó	properNoun	fra
neteja	noun	oci	nettoyage	noun	fra
funerari	adjective	oci	funéraire	adjective	fra
Casasses	properNoun	oci	Casasses	properNoun	fra
dinnar	verb	oci	déjeuner	verb	fra
Graña	properNoun	oci	Graña	properNoun	fra
Diioia	properNoun	oci	Diioia	properNoun	fra
Iserhoff	properNoun	oci	Iserhoff	properNoun	fra
Lech	properNoun	oci	Lech	properNoun	fra
Escorcia	properNoun	oci	Escorcia	properNoun	fra
Zurriaga	properNoun	oci	Zurriaga	properNoun	fra
Antxia	properNoun	oci	Antxia	properNoun	fra
lo long de	preposition	oci	le long de	preposition	fra
Pharand	properNoun	oci	Pharand	properNoun	fra
Aumatell	properNoun	oci	Aumatell	properNoun	fra
urna	noun	oci	urne	noun	fra
Urizar	properNoun	oci	Urizar	properNoun	fra
soslevament	noun	oci	soulèvement	noun	fra
conversion	noun	oci	conversion	noun	fra
cloroplast	noun	oci	chloroplaste	noun	fra
Miclette	properNoun	oci	Miclette	properNoun	fra
Cabana	properNoun	oci	Cabana	properNoun	fra
Deutsche Bank	properNoun	oci	Deutsche Bank	properNoun	fra
Cheviet	properNoun	oci	Cheviet	properNoun	fra
Burns	properNoun	oci	Burns	properNoun	fra
oficina	noun	oci	officine	noun	fra
acme	noun	oci	acmé	noun	fra
oblic	adjective	oci	oblique	adjective	fra
autentic	adjective	oci	authentique	adjective	fra
rénder	verb	oci	rendre	verb	fra
Isis	properNoun	oci	Isis	properNoun	fra
Howe	properNoun	oci	Howe	properNoun	fra
Archie	properNoun	oci	Archie	properNoun	fra
roginós	adjective	oci	rougeâtre	adjective	fra
Saborit	properNoun	oci	Saborit	properNoun	fra
Strazzanti	properNoun	oci	Strazzanti	properNoun	fra
Hossain	properNoun	oci	Hossain	properNoun	fra
Dasilva	properNoun	oci	Dasilva	properNoun	fra
niçard	adjective	oci	niçois	adjective	fra
Hunt	properNoun	oci	Hunt	properNoun	fra
Bolduc	properNoun	oci	Bolduc	properNoun	fra
majoritat	noun	oci	majorité	noun	fra
passar	verb	oci	passer	verb	fra
passar	verb	oci	franchir	verb	fra
ucraïnés	adjective	oci	ukrainien	adjective	fra
al nivèl de	preposition	oci	au niveau de	preposition	fra
parador	adjective	oci	décoratif	adjective	fra
Allaire	properNoun	oci	Allaire	properNoun	fra
dirigible	noun	oci	dirigeable	noun	fra
jogador	noun	oci	joueur	noun	fra
Zaragoza	properNoun	oci	Zaragoza	properNoun	fra
omològ	adjective	oci	homologue	adjective	fra
superior	noun	oci	supérieur	noun	fra
Aizpitarte	properNoun	oci	Aizpitarte	properNoun	fra
Saffir-Simpson	properNoun	oci	Saffir-Simpson	properNoun	fra
democratizacion	noun	oci	démocratisation	noun	fra
oxigenacion	noun	oci	oxygénation	noun	fra
Soms	properNoun	oci	Soms	properNoun	fra
genitiu	adjective	oci	génitif	adjective	fra
atier	verb	oci	répondre	verb	fra
Lyndon	properNoun	oci	Lyndon	properNoun	fra
Santana	properNoun	oci	Santana	properNoun	fra
Montagu	properNoun	oci	Montagu	properNoun	fra
fisic	adjective	oci	physique	adjective	fra
intervenent	adjective	oci	intervenant	adjective	fra
Woolworth	properNoun	oci	Woolworth	properNoun	fra
Africa del Sud	properNoun	oci	Afrique du Sud	properNoun	fra
geina	noun	oci	gêne	noun	fra
suplici	noun	oci	supplice	noun	fra
Chase	properNoun	oci	Chase	properNoun	fra
reglament	noun	oci	règlement	noun	fra
Soy	properNoun	oci	Soy	properNoun	fra
les	noun	oci	limon	noun	fra
Arnaz	properNoun	oci	Arnaz	properNoun	fra
traire	verb	oci	extraire	verb	fra
desbarcament	noun	oci	débarquement	noun	fra
umanitat	noun	oci	humanité	noun	fra
legitimitat	noun	oci	légitimité	noun	fra
Móstoles	properNoun	oci	Móstoles	properNoun	fra
Pol	properNoun	oci	Pol	properNoun	fra
bèl temps a	adverb	oci	jadis	adverb	fra
Ianniciello	properNoun	oci	Ianniciello	properNoun	fra
RAF	noun	oci	RAF	noun	fra
Bonnier	properNoun	oci	Bonnier	properNoun	fra
Gutenberg	properNoun	oci	Gutenberg	properNoun	fra
damb	preposition	oci	avec	preposition	fra
responsabilitat	noun	oci	responsabilité	noun	fra
predecessor	noun	oci	prédécesseur	noun	fra
Honori	properNoun	oci	Honori	properNoun	fra
biparticion	noun	oci	bipartition	noun	fra
Leprohon	properNoun	oci	Leprohon	properNoun	fra
Awad	properNoun	oci	Awad	properNoun	fra
inconfortable	adjective	oci	inconfortable	adjective	fra
Federico	properNoun	oci	Federico	properNoun	fra
Kirchhoff	properNoun	oci	Kirchhoff	properNoun	fra
jonc	noun	oci	jonc	noun	fra
Yara	properNoun	oci	Yara	properNoun	fra
en soma	adverb	oci	en somme	adverb	fra
Membrive	properNoun	oci	Membrive	properNoun	fra
Callender	properNoun	oci	Callender	properNoun	fra
Barona	properNoun	oci	Barona	properNoun	fra
Chica	properNoun	oci	Chica	properNoun	fra
pabalhon	noun	oci	pavillon	noun	fra
Buck	properNoun	oci	Buck	properNoun	fra
berbèr	adjective	oci	berbère	adjective	fra
Quintilla	properNoun	oci	Quintilla	properNoun	fra
monolingüe	noun	oci	monolingue	noun	fra
quarantena	noun	oci	quarantaine	noun	fra
rotina	noun	oci	routine	noun	fra
Rice	properNoun	oci	Rice	properNoun	fra
Kyle	properNoun	oci	Kyle	properNoun	fra
irrespectuós	adjective	oci	irrespectueux	adjective	fra
Bouima	properNoun	oci	Bouima	properNoun	fra
Barreira	properNoun	oci	Barreira	properNoun	fra
Genesis	properNoun	oci	Genesis	properNoun	fra
radicalament	adverb	oci	radicalement	adverb	fra
demest	preposition	oci	parmi	preposition	fra
Voilquin	properNoun	oci	Voilquin	properNoun	fra
Ayela	properNoun	oci	Ayela	properNoun	fra
Escámez	properNoun	oci	Escámez	properNoun	fra
recobrir	verb	oci	recouvrir	verb	fra
desdoblar	verb	oci	dédoubler	verb	fra
Mon	properNoun	oci	Mon	properNoun	fra
Nelson	properNoun	oci	Nelson	properNoun	fra
Véga	properNoun	oci	Véga	properNoun	fra
Andersson	properNoun	oci	Andersson	properNoun	fra
Sieso	properNoun	oci	Sieso	properNoun	fra
premier	noun	oci	premier	noun	fra
luènh	adjective	oci	lointain	adjective	fra
Riendeau	properNoun	oci	Riendeau	properNoun	fra
Escher	properNoun	oci	Escher	properNoun	fra
escolan	noun	oci	élève	noun	fra
escolan	noun	oci	écolier	noun	fra
Palanti	properNoun	oci	Palanti	properNoun	fra
Doolittle	properNoun	oci	Doolittle	properNoun	fra
Coates	properNoun	oci	Coates	properNoun	fra
Merette	properNoun	oci	Merette	properNoun	fra
dinar	verb	oci	déjeuner	verb	fra
Frenière	properNoun	oci	Frenière	properNoun	fra
tango	noun	oci	tango	noun	fra
pagina	noun	oci	page	noun	fra
situacion	noun	oci	situation	noun	fra
Akram	properNoun	oci	Akram	properNoun	fra
Oncina	properNoun	oci	Oncina	properNoun	fra
coeréncia	noun	oci	cohérence	noun	fra
formatiu	adjective	oci	formatif	adjective	fra
Thibert	properNoun	oci	Thibert	properNoun	fra
dijaus	noun	oci	jeudi	noun	fra
sud-èst	adjective	oci	sud-est	adjective	fra
Libèria	properNoun	oci	Libéria	properNoun	fra
Nair	properNoun	oci	Nair	properNoun	fra
quotidian	adjective	oci	quotidien	adjective	fra
estançonar	verb	oci	étayer	verb	fra
Monells	properNoun	oci	Monells	properNoun	fra
Naut Aran	properNoun	oci	Naut Aran	properNoun	fra
Balsells	properNoun	oci	Balsells	properNoun	fra
imaginatiu	adjective	oci	imaginatif	adjective	fra
Clay	properNoun	oci	Clay	properNoun	fra
destinacion	noun	oci	destination	noun	fra
Lasa	properNoun	oci	Lasa	properNoun	fra
Bassols	properNoun	oci	Bassols	properNoun	fra
afairista	noun	oci	affairiste	noun	fra
malbarat	noun	oci	gaspillage	noun	fra
doblar	verb	oci	doubler	verb	fra
pueril	adjective	oci	puéril	adjective	fra
Rams	properNoun	oci	Rams	properNoun	fra
diable	noun	oci	diable	noun	fra
partença	noun	oci	partance	noun	fra
partença	noun	oci	départ	noun	fra
xilofonista	noun	oci	xylophoniste	noun	fra
glicemia	noun	oci	glycémie	noun	fra
garatge	noun	oci	garage	noun	fra
Llavero	properNoun	oci	Llavero	properNoun	fra
vicepresident	noun	oci	vice-président	noun	fra
eficient	adjective	oci	efficace	adjective	fra
combàter	verb	oci	combattre	verb	fra
sauvatge	noun	oci	sauvage	noun	fra
distic	noun	oci	distique	noun	fra
antropomòrf	adjective	oci	anthropomorphe	adjective	fra
peguejada	noun	oci	plaisanterie	noun	fra
Calabuig	properNoun	oci	Calabuig	properNoun	fra
refringent	adjective	oci	réfringent	adjective	fra
d'a fons	adverb	oci	à fond	adverb	fra
d'a fons	adverb	oci	complètement	adverb	fra
commemorar	verb	oci	commémorer	verb	fra
Royer	properNoun	oci	Royer	properNoun	fra
Sereni	properNoun	oci	Sereni	properNoun	fra
Beaumont	properNoun	oci	Beaumont	properNoun	fra
Vic	properNoun	oci	Vic	properNoun	fra
subrora	adverb	oci	à heure indue	adverb	fra
Squires	properNoun	oci	Squires	properNoun	fra
Minoves	properNoun	oci	Minoves	properNoun	fra
tele	noun	oci	télé	noun	fra
Dumberry	properNoun	oci	Dumberry	properNoun	fra
agravar	verb	oci	aggraver	verb	fra
durant	adverb	oci	lors	adverb	fra
furiós	adjective	oci	furieux	adjective	fra
curat	noun	oci	curé	noun	fra
santuari	noun	oci	sanctuaire	noun	fra
TF1	properNoun	oci	TF1	properNoun	fra
masca	noun	oci	sorcière	noun	fra
cacauèt	noun	oci	cacahuète	noun	fra
dialectològue	noun	oci	dialectologue	noun	fra
escobar	verb	oci	balayer	verb	fra
tartaric	adjective	oci	tartarique	adjective	fra
obrièr	noun	oci	ouvrier	noun	fra
comerçant	adjective	oci	commerçant	adjective	fra
deslotjament	noun	oci	délogement	noun	fra
Castagnier	properNoun	oci	Castagnier	properNoun	fra
Angelique	properNoun	oci	Angelique	properNoun	fra
comunitat	noun	oci	communauté	noun	fra
Gamache	properNoun	oci	Gamache	properNoun	fra
immens	adjective	oci	immense	adjective	fra
invariabilitat	noun	oci	invariabilité	noun	fra
Angelina Jolie	properNoun	oci	Angelina Jolie	properNoun	fra
Rehel	properNoun	oci	Rehel	properNoun	fra
Juillet	properNoun	oci	Juillet	properNoun	fra
deishar	verb	oci	laisser	verb	fra
Mauté	properNoun	oci	Mauté	properNoun	fra
veritat	noun	oci	vérité	noun	fra
Leone	properNoun	oci	Leone	properNoun	fra
Gielgud	properNoun	oci	Gielgud	properNoun	fra
suscitar	verb	oci	susciter	verb	fra
dab	preposition	oci	avec	preposition	fra
Michels	properNoun	oci	Michels	properNoun	fra
critèri	noun	oci	critère	noun	fra
au mieg de	preposition	oci	au milieu de	preposition	fra
Baltasar	properNoun	oci	Baltasar	properNoun	fra
rostilhar	verb	oci	rôtir	verb	fra
secessionista	noun	oci	sécessionniste	noun	fra
escafar	verb	oci	effacer	verb	fra
Cayer	properNoun	oci	Cayer	properNoun	fra
Riart	properNoun	oci	Riart	properNoun	fra
angevin	noun	oci	Angevin	noun	fra
digerible	adjective	oci	digérable	adjective	fra
comerciar	verb	oci	commercer	verb	fra
Laguerre	properNoun	oci	Laguerre	properNoun	fra
atacar	verb	oci	attaquer	verb	fra
berlina	noun	oci	berline	noun	fra
neogaullista	adjective	oci	néogaulliste	adjective	fra
Ferrero	properNoun	oci	Ferrero	properNoun	fra
desoblidar	verb	oci	oublier	verb	fra
Yolande	properNoun	oci	Yolande	properNoun	fra
vint-e-tres	numeral	oci	vingt-trois	numeral	fra
utilisacion	noun	oci	utilisation	noun	fra
Barbastre	properNoun	oci	Barbastro	properNoun	fra
senior	noun	oci	senior	noun	fra
Rubiño	properNoun	oci	Rubiño	properNoun	fra
Albiach	properNoun	oci	Albiach	properNoun	fra
cogamèl	noun	oci	oronge	noun	fra
Hollande	properNoun	oci	Hollande	properNoun	fra
cogamèla	noun	oci	oronge	noun	fra
ultraviolet	adjective	oci	ultraviolet	adjective	fra
etiopian	noun	oci	éthiopien	noun	fra
epigenetica	noun	oci	épigénétique	noun	fra
Salvany	properNoun	oci	Salvany	properNoun	fra
cocon	noun	oci	cocon	noun	fra
malefici	noun	oci	maléfice	noun	fra
Josá	properNoun	oci	Josá	properNoun	fra
teletèxte	noun	oci	télétexte	noun	fra
Nehru	properNoun	oci	Nehru	properNoun	fra
Raluy	properNoun	oci	Raluy	properNoun	fra
Payer	properNoun	oci	Payer	properNoun	fra
simplista	adjective	oci	simpliste	adjective	fra
presagi	noun	oci	présage	noun	fra
manja-mèrda	noun	oci	bousier	noun	fra
multinacionala	noun	oci	multinationale	noun	fra
talhar	verb	oci	tailler	verb	fra
talhar	verb	oci	trancher	verb	fra
talhar	verb	oci	couper	verb	fra
talhar	verb	oci	sabrer	verb	fra
talhar	verb	oci	inciser	verb	fra
tormenta	noun	oci	tourmente	noun	fra
esitacion	noun	oci	hésitation	noun	fra
plec	noun	oci	pli	noun	fra
sortit	adjective	oci	issu	adjective	fra
interconnexion	noun	oci	interconnection	noun	fra
Ignacio	properNoun	oci	Ignacio	properNoun	fra
respectuós	adjective	oci	respectueux	adjective	fra
Daigneault	properNoun	oci	Daigneault	properNoun	fra
evadir	verb	oci	évader	verb	fra
khmer	adjective	oci	cambodgien	adjective	fra
Garin	properNoun	oci	Garin	properNoun	fra
Perdiguero	properNoun	oci	Perdiguero	properNoun	fra
Moliné	properNoun	oci	Moliné	properNoun	fra
Belfast	properNoun	oci	Belfast	properNoun	fra
destronar	verb	oci	détrôner	verb	fra
amusant	adjective	oci	amusant	adjective	fra
Augusto	properNoun	oci	Augusto	properNoun	fra
d'Ockham	properNoun	oci	d'Ockham	properNoun	fra
Correal	properNoun	oci	Correal	properNoun	fra
Wistaff	properNoun	oci	Wistaff	properNoun	fra
exasperat	adjective	oci	exaspéré	adjective	fra
transformar	verb	oci	transformer	verb	fra
McGraw	properNoun	oci	McGraw	properNoun	fra
regiment	noun	oci	régiment	noun	fra
subordinacion	noun	oci	subordination	noun	fra
anticapitalista	noun	oci	anticapitaliste	noun	fra
Prunés	properNoun	oci	Prunés	properNoun	fra
nom de familha	noun	oci	patronyme	noun	fra
Sampío	properNoun	oci	Sampío	properNoun	fra
occiput	noun	oci	occiput	noun	fra
Walmsley	properNoun	oci	Walmsley	properNoun	fra
Labrador	properNoun	oci	Labrador	properNoun	fra
multimèdia	adjective	oci	multimédia	adjective	fra
aprimar	verb	oci	amaigrir	verb	fra
aire	noun	oci	myrtille	noun	fra
aire	noun	oci	air	noun	fra
Santaeularia	properNoun	oci	Santaeularia	properNoun	fra
vençut	noun	oci	vaincu	noun	fra
amic	noun	oci	ami	noun	fra
genevés	adjective	oci	genevois	adjective	fra
Ohio	properNoun	oci	Ohio	properNoun	fra
Viles	properNoun	oci	Viles	properNoun	fra
Garbajosa	properNoun	oci	Garbajosa	properNoun	fra
Willis	properNoun	oci	Willis	properNoun	fra
Ardila	properNoun	oci	Ardila	properNoun	fra
inibir	verb	oci	inhiber	verb	fra
Marconi	properNoun	oci	Marconi	properNoun	fra
datiu	adjective	oci	datif	adjective	fra
crisi	noun	oci	crise	noun	fra
Cordón	properNoun	oci	Cordón	properNoun	fra
ironizar	verb	oci	ironiser	verb	fra
estreit	noun	oci	détroit	noun	fra
oxidar	verb	oci	oxyder	verb	fra
placenta	noun	oci	placenta	noun	fra
empoisonament	noun	oci	empoisonnement	noun	fra
Morisseau	properNoun	oci	Morisseau	properNoun	fra
Escorihuela	properNoun	oci	Escorihuela	properNoun	fra
casc	noun	oci	casque	noun	fra
candesa	noun	oci	propreté	noun	fra
instantanèament	adverb	oci	instantanément	adverb	fra
Sempere	properNoun	oci	Sempere	properNoun	fra
Barça	properNoun	oci	Barça	properNoun	fra
cóser	verb	oci	coudre	verb	fra
Juppé	properNoun	oci	Juppé	properNoun	fra
entosiasme	noun	oci	enthousiasme	noun	fra
Niquette	properNoun	oci	Niquette	properNoun	fra
de La Fontaine	properNoun	oci	de La Fontaine	properNoun	fra
Vocelle	properNoun	oci	Vocelle	properNoun	fra
abreujar	verb	oci	abréger	verb	fra
forgoneta	noun	oci	fourgonnette	noun	fra
Burgos	properNoun	oci	Burgos	properNoun	fra
cotet	noun	oci	nuque	noun	fra
Clara	properNoun	oci	Claira	properNoun	fra
Clara	properNoun	oci	Clara	properNoun	fra
Contijoch	properNoun	oci	Contijoch	properNoun	fra
Dragon	properNoun	oci	Dragon	properNoun	fra
regionalista	noun	oci	régionaliste	noun	fra
Bonner	properNoun	oci	Bonner	properNoun	fra
competitiu	adjective	oci	compétitif	adjective	fra
botanic	adjective	oci	botanique	adjective	fra
monocròm	adjective	oci	monochrome	adjective	fra
Lemòtges	properNoun	oci	Limoges	properNoun	fra
Gosalbo	properNoun	oci	Gosalbo	properNoun	fra
Indochina	properNoun	oci	Indochine	properNoun	fra
racion	noun	oci	ration	noun	fra
Nòva Jersey	properNoun	oci	New Jersey	properNoun	fra
Botello	properNoun	oci	Botello	properNoun	fra
dispositiu	noun	oci	dispositif	noun	fra
segregar	verb	oci	séparer	verb	fra
alèrta	noun	oci	alerte	noun	fra
Pinard	properNoun	oci	Pinard	properNoun	fra
Crespo	properNoun	oci	Crespo	properNoun	fra
emissari	noun	oci	émissaire	noun	fra
Dorval	properNoun	oci	Dorval	properNoun	fra
Wardle	properNoun	oci	Wardle	properNoun	fra
Leifer	properNoun	oci	Leifer	properNoun	fra
logistica	noun	oci	logistique	noun	fra
bonjorn	noun	oci	bonjour	noun	fra
imperfeccion	noun	oci	imperfection	noun	fra
Dodd	properNoun	oci	Dodd	properNoun	fra
repotegar	verb	oci	huer	verb	fra
repotegar	verb	oci	rouspéter	verb	fra
legista	adjective	oci	légiste	adjective	fra
velarizacion	noun	oci	vélarisation	noun	fra
Borsellino	properNoun	oci	Borsellino	properNoun	fra
Monterrubio	properNoun	oci	Monterrubio	properNoun	fra
montar	verb	oci	monter	verb	fra
corrent	adjective	oci	courant	adjective	fra
Sisley	properNoun	oci	Sisley	properNoun	fra
engatjament	noun	oci	engagement	noun	fra
parpalhon	noun	oci	papillon	noun	fra
Attar	properNoun	oci	Attar	properNoun	fra
desinfeccion	noun	oci	désinfection	noun	fra
reabilitacion	noun	oci	réhabilitation	noun	fra
Forest	properNoun	oci	Forest	properNoun	fra
formalizacion	noun	oci	formalisation	noun	fra
Brandes	properNoun	oci	Brandes	properNoun	fra
sutra	noun	oci	soutra	noun	fra
imputable	adjective	oci	imputable	adjective	fra
Dionisio	properNoun	oci	Dionisio	properNoun	fra
Illinois	properNoun	oci	Illinois	properNoun	fra
Lemos	properNoun	oci	Lemos	properNoun	fra
Imane	properNoun	oci	Imane	properNoun	fra
trenta uèch	numeral	oci	trente-huit	numeral	fra
luquet	noun	oci	allumette	noun	fra
Dolly	properNoun	oci	Dolly	properNoun	fra
escalprar	verb	oci	sculpter	verb	fra
preïstòria	noun	oci	préhistoire	noun	fra
Gonzalo	properNoun	oci	Gonzalo	properNoun	fra
Pararols	properNoun	oci	Pararols	properNoun	fra
variabla	noun	oci	variable	noun	fra
catarineta	noun	oci	coccinelle	noun	fra
Flavie	properNoun	oci	Flavie	properNoun	fra
Barcons	properNoun	oci	Barcons	properNoun	fra
acuitat	noun	oci	acuité	noun	fra
quicòm	pronoun	oci	quelque chose	pronoun	fra
Ruzafa	properNoun	oci	Ruzafa	properNoun	fra
desmesuradament	adverb	oci	démesurément	adverb	fra
Busto	properNoun	oci	Busto	properNoun	fra
Rushdie	properNoun	oci	Rushdie	properNoun	fra
adaptabilitat	noun	oci	adaptabilité	noun	fra
maritim	adjective	oci	maritime	adjective	fra
enigmatic	adjective	oci	énigmatique	adjective	fra
diaspòra	noun	oci	diaspora	noun	fra
Mai	properNoun	oci	Mai	properNoun	fra
Mampel	properNoun	oci	Mampel	properNoun	fra
Gibbs	properNoun	oci	Gibbs	properNoun	fra
correctiu	adjective	oci	correctif	adjective	fra
en qualitat de	preposition	oci	en qualité de	preposition	fra
Cajuste	properNoun	oci	Cajuste	properNoun	fra
Poblet	properNoun	oci	Poblet	properNoun	fra
Kandinski	properNoun	oci	Kandinsky	properNoun	fra
Soyer	properNoun	oci	Soyer	properNoun	fra
Alloza	properNoun	oci	Alloza	properNoun	fra
sucrariá	noun	oci	friandise	noun	fra
sucrariá	noun	oci	sucrerie	noun	fra
Mattawashish	properNoun	oci	Mattawashish	properNoun	fra
Mestenapeo	properNoun	oci	Mestenapeo	properNoun	fra
arabi	noun	oci	arabe	noun	fra
crompa	noun	oci	achat	noun	fra
Bruguera	properNoun	oci	Bruguera	properNoun	fra
tipic	adjective	oci	typique	adjective	fra
Denver	properNoun	oci	Denver	properNoun	fra
Artaud	properNoun	oci	Artaud	properNoun	fra
hautparlaire	noun	oci	haut-parleur	noun	fra
subsòu	noun	oci	sous-sol	noun	fra
Bacon	properNoun	oci	Bacon	properNoun	fra
Brackett	properNoun	oci	Brackett	properNoun	fra
desdire	verb	oci	dédire	verb	fra
salabre	noun	oci	truble	noun	fra
pelissièr	noun	oci	pelletier	noun	fra
grèpia	noun	oci	crèche	noun	fra
personal	noun	oci	personnel	noun	fra
plenament	adverb	oci	pleinement	adverb	fra
tsunami	noun	oci	tsunami	noun	fra
Toledo	properNoun	oci	Toledo	properNoun	fra
Georgiev	properNoun	oci	Georgiev	properNoun	fra
per encausa de	preposition	oci	pour cause de	preposition	fra
redobrir	verb	oci	rouvrir	verb	fra
corbadura	noun	oci	courbure	noun	fra
pausa	noun	oci	halte	noun	fra
pausa	noun	oci	pause	noun	fra
Faus	properNoun	oci	Faus	properNoun	fra
Chloe	properNoun	oci	Chloe	properNoun	fra
ciclic	adjective	oci	cyclique	adjective	fra
cogombre	noun	oci	concombre	noun	fra
pervier	noun	oci	avenir	noun	fra
estilisticament	adverb	oci	stylistiquement	adverb	fra
sediment	noun	oci	sédiment	noun	fra
Galaad	properNoun	oci	Galaad	properNoun	fra
deficitari	adjective	oci	déficitaire	adjective	fra
referir	verb	oci	rapporter	verb	fra
Diabo	properNoun	oci	Diabo	properNoun	fra
Karzai	properNoun	oci	Karzai	properNoun	fra
Jansa	properNoun	oci	Jansa	properNoun	fra
Hinds	properNoun	oci	Hinds	properNoun	fra
Catlla	properNoun	oci	Catlla	properNoun	fra
Makhoul	properNoun	oci	Makhoul	properNoun	fra
eissam	noun	oci	essaim	noun	fra
agitator	adjective	oci	agitateur	adjective	fra
Colas	properNoun	oci	Colas	properNoun	fra
Arbona	properNoun	oci	Arbona	properNoun	fra
Barahona	properNoun	oci	Barahona	properNoun	fra
talhada	noun	oci	tranche	noun	fra
Ruben	properNoun	oci	Ruben	properNoun	fra
Luís	properNoun	oci	Luís	properNoun	fra
ploraire	noun	oci	pleureur	noun	fra
Mia	properNoun	oci	Mia	properNoun	fra
negociable	adjective	oci	négociable	adjective	fra
von Wietersheim	properNoun	oci	von Wietersheim	properNoun	fra
Meca	properNoun	oci	Meca	properNoun	fra
lausier	noun	oci	laurier	noun	fra
Mitjavila	properNoun	oci	Mitjavila	properNoun	fra
Gentile	properNoun	oci	Gentile	properNoun	fra
Campo	properNoun	oci	Campo	properNoun	fra
invalorable	adjective	oci	inestimable	adjective	fra
figurina	noun	oci	figurine	noun	fra
frequentament	adverb	oci	fréquemment	adverb	fra
poliedric	adjective	oci	polyédrique	adjective	fra
Galiano	properNoun	oci	Galiano	properNoun	fra
Carmen	properNoun	oci	Carmen	properNoun	fra
Mustapha	properNoun	oci	Mustapha	properNoun	fra
autrejament	noun	oci	octroi	noun	fra
Gallen	properNoun	oci	Gallen	properNoun	fra
Prénovost	properNoun	oci	Prénovost	properNoun	fra
Dillinger	properNoun	oci	Dillinger	properNoun	fra
Camón	properNoun	oci	Camón	properNoun	fra
pus	noun	oci	plus	noun	fra
categorizacion	noun	oci	catégorisation	noun	fra
dissimulacion	noun	oci	dissimulation	noun	fra
Basque	properNoun	oci	Basque	properNoun	fra
Cabañes	properNoun	oci	Cabañes	properNoun	fra
Sandy	properNoun	oci	Sandy	properNoun	fra
Luciano	properNoun	oci	Luciano	properNoun	fra
infinit	noun	oci	infini	noun	fra
Merlós	properNoun	oci	Merlós	properNoun	fra
Jallow	properNoun	oci	Jallow	properNoun	fra
limac	noun	oci	limace	noun	fra
Ragón	properNoun	oci	Ragón	properNoun	fra
transitiu	adjective	oci	transitif	adjective	fra
Invernón	properNoun	oci	Invernón	properNoun	fra
milhòc	noun	oci	maïs	noun	fra
deliberat	adjective	oci	délibéré	adjective	fra
pilotar	verb	oci	piloter	verb	fra
diminuir	verb	oci	diminuer	verb	fra
transmetre	verb	oci	transmettre	verb	fra
Eure	properNoun	oci	Eure	properNoun	fra
coagular	verb	oci	coaguler	verb	fra
Escarré	properNoun	oci	Escarré	properNoun	fra
annalament	adverb	oci	annuellement	adverb	fra
adjectiu	noun	oci	adjectif	noun	fra
uas	noun	oci	os	noun	fra
Colbert	properNoun	oci	Colbert	properNoun	fra
Nicholson	properNoun	oci	Nicholson	properNoun	fra
legalament	adverb	oci	légalement	adverb	fra
carbonizacion	noun	oci	carbonisation	noun	fra
Journeault	properNoun	oci	Journeault	properNoun	fra
Karim	properNoun	oci	Karim	properNoun	fra
Rami	properNoun	oci	Rami	properNoun	fra
30n	adjective	oci	30ème	adjective	fra
Delapuerta	properNoun	oci	Delapuerta	properNoun	fra
Marote	properNoun	oci	Marote	properNoun	fra
Olvera	properNoun	oci	Olvera	properNoun	fra
trionfar	verb	oci	triompher	verb	fra
Law	properNoun	oci	Law	properNoun	fra
malgrat lo fait que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	malgré le fait que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Aguado	properNoun	oci	Aguado	properNoun	fra
zimbabwean	noun	oci	Zimbabwéen	noun	fra
Gainsbourg	properNoun	oci	Gainsbourg	properNoun	fra
missionari	adjective	oci	missionnaire	adjective	fra
Folguera	properNoun	oci	Folguera	properNoun	fra
corrent	noun	oci	courant	noun	fra
Gomáriz	properNoun	oci	Gomáriz	properNoun	fra
Filsaime	properNoun	oci	Filsaime	properNoun	fra
vendemiar	verb	oci	vendanger	verb	fra
varietat	noun	oci	variété	noun	fra
comercialament	adverb	oci	commercialement	adverb	fra
maurician	adjective	oci	mauricien	adjective	fra
Granger	properNoun	oci	Granger	properNoun	fra
Bofill	properNoun	oci	Bofill	properNoun	fra
popèia	noun	oci	poupée	noun	fra
curiositat	noun	oci	badauderie	noun	fra
curiositat	noun	oci	curiosité	noun	fra
macarèl	noun	oci	maquereau	noun	fra
macarèl	noun	oci	punaise	noun	fra
Reeves	properNoun	oci	Reeves	properNoun	fra
gòrja	noun	oci	canyon	noun	fra
gòrja	noun	oci	gorge	noun	fra
Laurença	properNoun	oci	Laurença	properNoun	fra
ruscar	verb	oci	lessiver	verb	fra
interfòn	noun	oci	interphone	noun	fra
jurat	adjective	oci	juré	adjective	fra
Burch	properNoun	oci	Burch	properNoun	fra
Dagenais	properNoun	oci	Dagenais	properNoun	fra
agençar	verb	oci	agencer	verb	fra
Llorens	properNoun	oci	Llorens	properNoun	fra
taxidermista	noun	oci	taxidermiste	noun	fra
descoratjar	verb	oci	décourager	verb	fra
sultan	noun	oci	sultan	noun	fra
serenitat	noun	oci	sérénité	noun	fra
Gausac	properNoun	oci	Gausac	properNoun	fra
camin	noun	oci	chemin	noun	fra
benignament	adverb	oci	bénignement	adverb	fra
vergonhós	adjective	oci	honteux	adjective	fra
Usai	properNoun	oci	Usai	properNoun	fra
Penn	properNoun	oci	Penn	properNoun	fra
Parrish	properNoun	oci	Parrish	properNoun	fra
afabulacion	noun	oci	affabulation	noun	fra
Doré	properNoun	oci	Doré	properNoun	fra
Gilpin	properNoun	oci	Gilpin	properNoun	fra
eissame	noun	oci	essaim	noun	fra
Lovell	properNoun	oci	Lovell	properNoun	fra
fólzer	noun	oci	foudre	noun	fra
TEG	noun	oci	TEG	noun	fra
eponime	adjective	oci	éponyme	adjective	fra
pendentiu	noun	oci	pendentif	noun	fra
Boyas	properNoun	oci	Boyas	properNoun	fra
Christy	properNoun	oci	Christy	properNoun	fra
Porqueras	properNoun	oci	Porqueras	properNoun	fra
saborós	adjective	oci	savoureux	adjective	fra
alfabet	noun	oci	alphabet	noun	fra
invincibilitat	noun	oci	invincibilité	noun	fra
Starbucks	properNoun	oci	Starbucks	properNoun	fra
JO	noun	oci	JO	noun	fra
onomastica	noun	oci	onomastique	noun	fra
dusca	preposition	oci	jusqu'à	preposition	fra
dusca	preposition	oci	jusque	preposition	fra
Finn	properNoun	oci	Finn	properNoun	fra
teorizacion	noun	oci	théorisation	noun	fra
disseccion	noun	oci	dissection	noun	fra
davant	preposition	oci	devant	preposition	fra
a destinacion de	preposition	oci	à destination de	preposition	fra
ribatge	noun	oci	rivage	noun	fra
Balletbó	properNoun	oci	Balletbó	properNoun	fra
imaginari	adjective	oci	imaginaire	adjective	fra
impòst	noun	oci	impôt	noun	fra
cinquanta sèt	numeral	oci	cinquante-sept	numeral	fra
grandor	noun	oci	grandeur	noun	fra
Milà	properNoun	oci	Milà	properNoun	fra
espartir	verb	oci	partir	verb	fra
acumulacion	noun	oci	accumulation	noun	fra
fumada	noun	oci	pressentiment	noun	fra
Delaronde	properNoun	oci	Delaronde	properNoun	fra
aeronautica	noun	oci	aéronautique	noun	fra
olandés	noun	oci	hollandais	noun	fra
unanime	adjective	oci	unanime	adjective	fra
Guiu	properNoun	oci	Guiu	properNoun	fra
confirmatòri	adjective	oci	confirmatoire	adjective	fra
Tatyana	properNoun	oci	Tatyana	properNoun	fra
Ye	properNoun	oci	Ye	properNoun	fra
pulmonar	adjective	oci	pulmonaire	adjective	fra
Melun	properNoun	oci	Melun	properNoun	fra
Hammel	properNoun	oci	Hammel	properNoun	fra
paramilitar	adjective	oci	paramilitaire	adjective	fra
Lyons	properNoun	oci	Lyons	properNoun	fra
Engel	properNoun	oci	Engel	properNoun	fra
Carner	properNoun	oci	Carner	properNoun	fra
orfanelat	noun	oci	orphelinat	noun	fra
Wanda	properNoun	oci	Wanda	properNoun	fra
denotar	verb	oci	dénoter	verb	fra
Tremblay	properNoun	oci	Tremblay	properNoun	fra
Anastasie	properNoun	oci	Anastasie	properNoun	fra
estalvi	noun	oci	épargne	noun	fra
vaicí	adverb	oci	voici	adverb	fra
replaçar	verb	oci	replacer	verb	fra
cuirassat	adjective	oci	cuirassé	adjective	fra
Kyla	properNoun	oci	Kyla	properNoun	fra
Bosco	properNoun	oci	Bosco	properNoun	fra
tedi	noun	oci	ennui	noun	fra
Adeline	properNoun	oci	Adeline	properNoun	fra
vermena	noun	oci	vermine	noun	fra
allocacion	noun	oci	allocation	noun	fra
Siles	properNoun	oci	Siles	properNoun	fra
còs	noun	oci	corps	noun	fra
Viens	properNoun	oci	Viens	properNoun	fra
biatlon	noun	oci	biathlon	noun	fra
Terrault	properNoun	oci	Terrault	properNoun	fra
Bazile	properNoun	oci	Bazile	properNoun	fra
tornar	verb	oci	retourner	verb	fra
tornar	verb	oci	rentrer	verb	fra
tornar	verb	oci	revenir	verb	fra
tornar	verb	oci	rétorquer	verb	fra
Mas i Cantí	properNoun	oci	Mas i Cantí	properNoun	fra
gravaire	noun	oci	graveur	noun	fra
arcada	noun	oci	arcade	noun	fra
arcada	noun	oci	arche	noun	fra
tasca	noun	oci	tâche	noun	fra
mossegada	noun	oci	morsure	noun	fra
Dolenz	properNoun	oci	Dolenz	properNoun	fra
agnostic	noun	oci	agnostique	noun	fra
convenença	noun	oci	convenance	noun	fra
esclairatge	noun	oci	éclairage	noun	fra
Caplan	properNoun	oci	Caplan	properNoun	fra
Pepito	properNoun	oci	Pepito	properNoun	fra
Jabalera	properNoun	oci	Jabalera	properNoun	fra
Ardévol	properNoun	oci	Ardévol	properNoun	fra
Shepherd	properNoun	oci	Shepherd	properNoun	fra
FBI	noun	oci	FBI	noun	fra
Tarantino	properNoun	oci	Tarantino	properNoun	fra
Chaudhry	properNoun	oci	Chaudhry	properNoun	fra
religar	verb	oci	relier	verb	fra
Burr	properNoun	oci	Burr	properNoun	fra
Rochelle	properNoun	oci	Rochelle	properNoun	fra
Décosse	properNoun	oci	Décosse	properNoun	fra
mitologia	noun	oci	mythologie	noun	fra
Sangenís	properNoun	oci	Sangenís	properNoun	fra
granessa	noun	oci	grandeur	noun	fra
alarmisme	noun	oci	alarmisme	noun	fra
mila	numeral	oci	mille	numeral	fra
impausar	verb	oci	imposer	verb	fra
bordilha	noun	oci	ordure	noun	fra
bordilha	noun	oci	balayure	noun	fra
Mola	properNoun	oci	Mola	properNoun	fra
Brosa	properNoun	oci	Brosa	properNoun	fra
Gupta	properNoun	oci	Gupta	properNoun	fra
Hart	properNoun	oci	Hart	properNoun	fra
populisme	noun	oci	populisme	noun	fra
odorant	adjective	oci	odorant	adjective	fra
Banville	properNoun	oci	Banville	properNoun	fra
sublimar	verb	oci	sublimer	verb	fra
africat	adjective	oci	affriqué	adjective	fra
detectable	adjective	oci	détectable	adjective	fra
Tulugak	properNoun	oci	Tulugak	properNoun	fra
sangarrèra	noun	oci	sangria	noun	fra
istoriografia	noun	oci	historiographie	noun	fra
Viladomiu	properNoun	oci	Viladomiu	properNoun	fra
Gorgues	properNoun	oci	Gorgues	properNoun	fra
zambian	noun	oci	Zambien	noun	fra
legitimacion	noun	oci	légitimation	noun	fra
ivorian	noun	oci	Ivoirien	noun	fra
etimologia	noun	oci	étymologie	noun	fra
Rial	properNoun	oci	Rial	properNoun	fra
adequadament	adverb	oci	adéquatement	adverb	fra
interrogatòri	noun	oci	interrogatoire	noun	fra
Tessàlia	properNoun	oci	Thessalie	properNoun	fra
Laila	properNoun	oci	Laila	properNoun	fra
Mc Ewen	properNoun	oci	Mc Ewen	properNoun	fra
McIntosh	properNoun	oci	McIntosh	properNoun	fra
Guilabert	properNoun	oci	Guilabert	properNoun	fra
primitiu	adjective	oci	primitif	adjective	fra
quasiment	adverb	oci	quasiment	adverb	fra
monolingüe	adjective	oci	monolingue	adjective	fra
Mercille	properNoun	oci	Mercille	properNoun	fra
espitalizacion	noun	oci	hospitalisation	noun	fra
punt	adverb	oci	point	adverb	fra
Albiol	properNoun	oci	Albiol	properNoun	fra
fluorur	noun	oci	fluorure	noun	fra
Rey	properNoun	oci	Rey	properNoun	fra
Evangelista	properNoun	oci	Evangelista	properNoun	fra
notòriament	adverb	oci	notoirement	adverb	fra
Magrans	properNoun	oci	Magrans	properNoun	fra
nòvi	adjective	oci	fiancé	adjective	fra
nòvi	adjective	oci	marié	adjective	fra
dau ponch de vista de	preposition	oci	du point de vue de	preposition	fra
rescindir	verb	oci	résilier	verb	fra
oclusiu	adjective	oci	occlusif	adjective	fra
trafic	noun	oci	trafic	noun	fra
aigrir	verb	oci	aigrir	verb	fra
Cobo	properNoun	oci	Cobo	properNoun	fra
jurar	verb	oci	jurer	verb	fra
pontuacion	noun	oci	ponctuation	noun	fra
McGee	properNoun	oci	McGee	properNoun	fra
estomac	noun	oci	estomac	noun	fra
El Greco	properNoun	oci	Le Greco	properNoun	fra
Benchimol	properNoun	oci	Benchimol	properNoun	fra
fonzor	noun	oci	profondeur	noun	fra
arrevirada	noun	oci	traduction	noun	fra
enrè	adverb	oci	en arrière	adverb	fra
Mariconde	properNoun	oci	Mariconde	properNoun	fra
arretronir	verb	oci	retentir	verb	fra
arretronir	verb	oci	résonner	verb	fra
procurador	noun	oci	procureur	noun	fra
Lebreton	properNoun	oci	Lebreton	properNoun	fra
marshallés	adjective	oci	marshallais	adjective	fra
sobrietat	noun	oci	sobriété	noun	fra
soís	noun	oci	Suisse	noun	fra
estereofonic	adjective	oci	stéréophonique	adjective	fra
Ponce	properNoun	oci	Ponce	properNoun	fra
Pallotta	properNoun	oci	Pallotta	properNoun	fra
Cecere	properNoun	oci	Cecere	properNoun	fra
taca	noun	oci	tache	noun	fra
taca	noun	oci	souillure	noun	fra
ominizacion	noun	oci	hominisation	noun	fra
adjunt	noun	oci	adjoint	noun	fra
Raiche	properNoun	oci	Raiche	properNoun	fra
soira	noun	oci	salope	noun	fra
serrar	verb	oci	scier	verb	fra
Aldo	properNoun	oci	Aldo	properNoun	fra
Celma	properNoun	oci	Celma	properNoun	fra
Vitruve	properNoun	oci	Vitruve	properNoun	fra
Vaillant	properNoun	oci	Vaillant	properNoun	fra
agrarisme	noun	oci	agrarisme	noun	fra
necessari	adjective	oci	nécessaire	adjective	fra
sasir	verb	oci	saisir	verb	fra
d'unes còps	adverb	oci	quelquefois	adverb	fra
Marcèla	properNoun	oci	Marcèla	properNoun	fra
diafragma	noun	oci	diaphragme	noun	fra
Utah	properNoun	oci	Utah	properNoun	fra
Aparicio	properNoun	oci	Aparicio	properNoun	fra
inedit	adjective	oci	inédit	adjective	fra
indignat	adjective	oci	indigné	adjective	fra
Megías	properNoun	oci	Megías	properNoun	fra
introduire	verb	oci	introduire	verb	fra
Sellés	properNoun	oci	Sellés	properNoun	fra
sinalèfa	noun	oci	synalèphe	noun	fra
espàrgol	noun	oci	asperge	noun	fra
contengut	adjective	oci	contenu	adjective	fra
lentament	adverb	oci	doucement	adverb	fra
lentament	adverb	oci	lentement	adverb	fra
Viso	properNoun	oci	Viso	properNoun	fra
neutralizacion	noun	oci	neutralisation	noun	fra
remorcar	verb	oci	remorquer	verb	fra
quantitat	noun	oci	quantité	noun	fra
solucion	noun	oci	solution	noun	fra
Frost	properNoun	oci	Frost	properNoun	fra
Morillas	properNoun	oci	Morillas	properNoun	fra
Arteaga	properNoun	oci	Arteaga	properNoun	fra
Mailly	properNoun	oci	Mailly	properNoun	fra
frontièra	noun	oci	frontière	noun	fra
autopsia	noun	oci	autopsie	noun	fra
Holland	properNoun	oci	Holland	properNoun	fra
Toledano	properNoun	oci	Toledano	properNoun	fra
segonda	noun	oci	seconde	noun	fra
Alphandéry	properNoun	oci	Alphandéry	properNoun	fra
Caruso	properNoun	oci	Caruso	properNoun	fra
tragic	adjective	oci	tragique	adjective	fra
cada	determiner	oci	chaque	determiner	fra
de la Torre	properNoun	oci	de la Torre	properNoun	fra
Friborg	properNoun	oci	Fribourg	properNoun	fra
configuracion	noun	oci	configuration	noun	fra
ausir	verb	oci	entendre	verb	fra
ausir	verb	oci	ouïr	verb	fra
Villalobos	properNoun	oci	Villalobos	properNoun	fra
mexican	noun	oci	Mexicain	noun	fra
decès	noun	oci	décès	noun	fra
Joan	properNoun	oci	Joan	properNoun	fra
Joan	properNoun	oci	Jean	properNoun	fra
piquet	noun	oci	piquet	noun	fra
andrologia	noun	oci	andrologie	noun	fra
monograma	noun	oci	monogramme	noun	fra
D	numeral	oci	D	numeral	fra
ran de	preposition	oci	près de	preposition	fra
Colomé	properNoun	oci	Colomé	properNoun	fra
bissauguinean	noun	oci	Bissaoguinéen	noun	fra
Habsburg	properNoun	oci	Habsburg	properNoun	fra
Atlàs	properNoun	oci	Atlas	properNoun	fra
renovacion	noun	oci	rénovation	noun	fra
Reporting	properNoun	oci	Reporting	properNoun	fra
Ayala	properNoun	oci	Ayala	properNoun	fra
Rumi	properNoun	oci	Rumi	properNoun	fra
autoralh	noun	oci	autorail	noun	fra
beatificar	verb	oci	béatifier	verb	fra
astronautic	adjective	oci	astronautique	adjective	fra
Maugeri	properNoun	oci	Maugeri	properNoun	fra
Aumais	properNoun	oci	Aumais	properNoun	fra
Isidore	properNoun	oci	Isidore	properNoun	fra
Derleth	properNoun	oci	Derleth	properNoun	fra
Sévère	properNoun	oci	Sévère	properNoun	fra
prefabricar	verb	oci	préfabriquer	verb	fra
desesperar	verb	oci	désespérer	verb	fra
depreciacion	noun	oci	dépréciation	noun	fra
temporalitat	noun	oci	temporalité	noun	fra
concentrador	noun	oci	concentrateur	noun	fra
SMI	noun	oci	SMI	noun	fra
baselic	noun	oci	bambou	noun	fra
adenina	noun	oci	adénine	noun	fra
classa	noun	oci	classe	noun	fra
Morency	properNoun	oci	Morency	properNoun	fra
figuièr	noun	oci	figuier	noun	fra
Pensilvània	properNoun	oci	Pennsylvanie	properNoun	fra
èlf	noun	oci	elfe	noun	fra
digestion	noun	oci	digestion	noun	fra
colapse	noun	oci	effondrement	noun	fra
Yahoo	properNoun	oci	Yahoo	properNoun	fra
Arqués	properNoun	oci	Arqués	properNoun	fra
levant	noun	oci	levant	noun	fra
emergent	adjective	oci	émergent	adjective	fra
ferralha	noun	oci	ferraille	noun	fra
aftós	adjective	oci	aphteux	adjective	fra
delegacion	noun	oci	délégation	noun	fra
aucèl	noun	oci	oiseau	noun	fra
en despiech de	preposition	oci	en dépit de	preposition	fra
giron	noun	oci	giron	noun	fra
consolat	noun	oci	consulat	noun	fra
Rio	properNoun	oci	Rio	properNoun	fra
País Valencian	properNoun	oci	Pays Valencien	properNoun	fra
nicaragüenc	noun	oci	nicaraguayen	noun	fra
cabdèt	noun	oci	cadet	noun	fra
desavantatjós	adjective	oci	désavantageux	adjective	fra
Umbert	properNoun	oci	Umbert	properNoun	fra
lobat	noun	oci	louveteau	noun	fra
agnosia	noun	oci	agnosie	noun	fra
Pompeo	properNoun	oci	Pompeo	properNoun	fra
malautia	noun	oci	maladie	noun	fra
cinta	noun	oci	lanière	noun	fra
cinta	noun	oci	cassette	noun	fra
cinta	noun	oci	ceinture	noun	fra
Dawson	properNoun	oci	Dawson	properNoun	fra
Allman	properNoun	oci	Allman	properNoun	fra
apertenéncia	noun	oci	appartenance	noun	fra
consultatiu	adjective	oci	consultatif	adjective	fra
salve	adjective	oci	sauf	adjective	fra
Ambre	properNoun	oci	Ambre	properNoun	fra
ministèri	noun	oci	ministère des finances	noun	fra
ministèri	noun	oci	ministère	noun	fra
Peguero	properNoun	oci	Peguero	properNoun	fra
alongar	verb	oci	allonger	verb	fra
locacion	noun	oci	location	noun	fra
designacion	noun	oci	désignation	noun	fra
rotacion	noun	oci	rotation	noun	fra
Suècia	properNoun	oci	Suède	properNoun	fra
proclamar	verb	oci	proclamer	verb	fra
fòrtament	adverb	oci	fortement	adverb	fra
castelhan	noun	oci	castillan	noun	fra
gradualament	adverb	oci	graduellement	adverb	fra
Maurice	properNoun	oci	Maurice	properNoun	fra
morfologista	noun	oci	morphologiste	noun	fra
dimars	noun	oci	mardi	noun	fra
ducat	noun	oci	duché	noun	fra
bearnés	noun	oci	béarnais	noun	fra
Hamilton	properNoun	oci	Hamilton	properNoun	fra
Soledad	properNoun	oci	Soledad	properNoun	fra
mormolhar	verb	oci	murmurer	verb	fra
Sourdif	properNoun	oci	Sourdif	properNoun	fra
Carmargo	properNoun	oci	Carmargo	properNoun	fra
beure	noun	oci	boire	noun	fra
Darío	properNoun	oci	Darío	properNoun	fra
tiranic	adjective	oci	tyrannique	adjective	fra
petit	noun	oci	petit	noun	fra
Belaustegi	properNoun	oci	Belaustegi	properNoun	fra
fraisse	noun	oci	frêne	noun	fra
inauguracion	noun	oci	inauguration	noun	fra
Machiavelli	properNoun	oci	Machiavelli	properNoun	fra
Banús	properNoun	oci	Banús	properNoun	fra
Boccace	properNoun	oci	Boccace	properNoun	fra
illusòri	adjective	oci	illusoire	adjective	fra
multitudinari	adjective	oci	multitudinaire	adjective	fra
acolit	noun	oci	acolyte	noun	fra
Segura	properNoun	oci	Segura	properNoun	fra
Coolidge	properNoun	oci	Coolidge	properNoun	fra
Brizard	properNoun	oci	Brizard	properNoun	fra
Coursol	properNoun	oci	Coursol	properNoun	fra
Carmack	properNoun	oci	Carmack	properNoun	fra
geréncia	noun	oci	gérance	noun	fra
quatorzau	adjective	oci	quatorzième	adjective	fra
collaboratiu	adjective	oci	collaboratif	adjective	fra
Vercher	properNoun	oci	Vercher	properNoun	fra
dimèrcles	noun	oci	mercredi	noun	fra
Laquerre	properNoun	oci	Laquerre	properNoun	fra
pulpa	noun	oci	pulpe	noun	fra
Rienda	properNoun	oci	Rienda	properNoun	fra
debitar	verb	oci	débiter	verb	fra
Wawrinka	properNoun	oci	Wawrinka	properNoun	fra
Lérida	properNoun	oci	Lérida	properNoun	fra
fàstic	noun	oci	dégoût	noun	fra
Archs	properNoun	oci	Archs	properNoun	fra
Gualda	properNoun	oci	Gualda	properNoun	fra
Montreal	properNoun	oci	Montréal	properNoun	fra
Ursula	properNoun	oci	Ursula	properNoun	fra
Getty	properNoun	oci	Getty	properNoun	fra
chaupar	verb	oci	mouiller	verb	fra
radon	noun	oci	radon	noun	fra
Filippo	properNoun	oci	Filippo	properNoun	fra
de Lamo	properNoun	oci	de Lamo	properNoun	fra
St-Cyr	properNoun	oci	St-Cyr	properNoun	fra
Guardia	properNoun	oci	Guardia	properNoun	fra
equilibrar	verb	oci	équilibrer	verb	fra
expressar	verb	oci	exprimer	verb	fra
apropriar	verb	oci	approprier	verb	fra
Shockley	properNoun	oci	Shockley	properNoun	fra
absentisme	noun	oci	absentéisme	noun	fra
Sanguesa	properNoun	oci	Sanguesa	properNoun	fra
Turón	properNoun	oci	Turón	properNoun	fra
Malia	properNoun	oci	Malia	properNoun	fra
Vibert	properNoun	oci	Vibert	properNoun	fra
Haché	properNoun	oci	Haché	properNoun	fra
veneracion	noun	oci	vénération	noun	fra
cercaire	adjective	oci	chercheur	adjective	fra
mixte	adjective	oci	mixte	adjective	fra
Monière	properNoun	oci	Monière	properNoun	fra
quèrre	adjective	oci	gauche	adjective	fra
sota	preposition	oci	sous	preposition	fra
Sequera	properNoun	oci	Sequera	properNoun	fra
Viñaras	properNoun	oci	Viñaras	properNoun	fra
precari	adjective	oci	précaire	adjective	fra
calamitós	adjective	oci	calamiteux	adjective	fra
rogilhon	noun	oci	coquelicot	noun	fra
Cayenne	properNoun	oci	Cayenne	properNoun	fra
cénher	verb	oci	ceinturer	verb	fra
cénher	verb	oci	ceindre	verb	fra
von Mackensen	properNoun	oci	von Mackensen	properNoun	fra
pompatge	noun	oci	pompage	noun	fra
Zarco	properNoun	oci	Zarco	properNoun	fra
Grelier	properNoun	oci	Grelier	properNoun	fra
Trias	properNoun	oci	Trias	properNoun	fra
en esquiva	adverb	oci	obliquement	adverb	fra
Alegría	properNoun	oci	Alegría	properNoun	fra
bibliofilia	noun	oci	bibliophilie	noun	fra
Sastre	properNoun	oci	Sastre	properNoun	fra
trepador	noun	oci	trottoir	noun	fra
antropologia	noun	oci	anthropologie	noun	fra
Tea	properNoun	oci	Tea	properNoun	fra
Nòrd-Pas de Calais	properNoun	oci	Nord-Pas-de-Calais	properNoun	fra
Montané	properNoun	oci	Montané	properNoun	fra
liberator	adjective	oci	libérateur	adjective	fra
UdL	noun	oci	UdL	noun	fra
Watterson	properNoun	oci	Watterson	properNoun	fra
Cagigas	properNoun	oci	Cagigas	properNoun	fra
almòina	noun	oci	aumône	noun	fra
devèrs	preposition	oci	envers	preposition	fra
devèrs	preposition	oci	vers	preposition	fra
Pas de Calais	properNoun	oci	Pas-de-Calais	properNoun	fra
Amaro	properNoun	oci	Amaro	properNoun	fra
finés	noun	oci	finnois	noun	fra
Lina	properNoun	oci	Lina	properNoun	fra
detriment	noun	oci	détriment	noun	fra
Christiane	properNoun	oci	Christiane	properNoun	fra
despús	adverb	oci	après	adverb	fra
despús	adverb	oci	puis	adverb	fra
Arraez	properNoun	oci	Arraez	properNoun	fra
Coyle	properNoun	oci	Coyle	properNoun	fra
Beras	properNoun	oci	Beras	properNoun	fra
Aráguez	properNoun	oci	Aráguez	properNoun	fra
bedre	adjective	oci	âpre	adjective	fra
XXX	numeral	oci	XXXème	adjective	fra
XXX	numeral	oci	XXXe	adjective	fra
Erik	properNoun	oci	Erik	properNoun	fra
Sylvestre	properNoun	oci	Sylvestre	properNoun	fra
Tissot	properNoun	oci	Tissot	properNoun	fra
boca	noun	oci	bouche	noun	fra
desnasalizacion	noun	oci	dénasalisation	noun	fra
Malé	properNoun	oci	Malé	properNoun	fra
amarar	verb	oci	gâcher	verb	fra
Galdamez	properNoun	oci	Galdamez	properNoun	fra
Mates	properNoun	oci	Mates	properNoun	fra
vertat	noun	oci	vérité	noun	fra
lofa	noun	oci	vesse	noun	fra
Amutxastegi	properNoun	oci	Amutxastegi	properNoun	fra
Belles	properNoun	oci	Belles	properNoun	fra
Carrion	properNoun	oci	Carrion	properNoun	fra
parelh	noun	oci	paire	noun	fra
parelh	noun	oci	couple	noun	fra
tustar	verb	oci	frapper	verb	fra
clorur	noun	oci	chlorure	noun	fra
subernòm	noun	oci	surnom	noun	fra
Caixa	properNoun	oci	Caixa	properNoun	fra
Gorman	properNoun	oci	Gorman	properNoun	fra
Visconti	properNoun	oci	Visconti	properNoun	fra
bilanç	noun	oci	bilan	noun	fra
aparelhatge	noun	oci	appareillage	noun	fra
somnambulisme	noun	oci	somnambulisme	noun	fra
ochen	adjective	oci	huitième	adjective	fra
conclusir	verb	oci	conclure	verb	fra
taboisson	noun	oci	tampon	noun	fra
vitra	noun	oci	vitre	noun	fra
Chavigny	properNoun	oci	Chavigny	properNoun	fra
unicitat	noun	oci	unicité	noun	fra
gangui	noun	oci	chalut	noun	fra
Agell	properNoun	oci	Agell	properNoun	fra
inclinat	adjective	oci	incliné	adjective	fra
Elias	properNoun	oci	Elias	properNoun	fra
Romano	properNoun	oci	Romano	properNoun	fra
radioisotòp	noun	oci	radioisotope	noun	fra
Golgi	properNoun	oci	Golgi	properNoun	fra
Pepita	properNoun	oci	Pepita	properNoun	fra
Taché	properNoun	oci	Taché	properNoun	fra
nuança	noun	oci	nuance	noun	fra
inquiet	adjective	oci	inquiet	adjective	fra
arnelh	noun	oci	rein	noun	fra
Hillary	properNoun	oci	Hillary	properNoun	fra
Garceau	properNoun	oci	Garceau	properNoun	fra
Frasca	properNoun	oci	Frasca	properNoun	fra
Metzelder	properNoun	oci	Metzelder	properNoun	fra
Charlie	properNoun	oci	Charlie	properNoun	fra
dirigent	adjective	oci	dirigeant	adjective	fra
polaritat	noun	oci	polarité	noun	fra
armas	noun	oci	armoiries	noun	fra
aeronau	noun	oci	aéronef	noun	fra
condensador	noun	oci	condensateur	noun	fra
Guérard	properNoun	oci	Guérard	properNoun	fra
rabelesian	adjective	oci	rabelaisien	adjective	fra
dejunar	noun	oci	petit déjeuner	noun	fra
roge	noun	oci	rouge	noun	fra
quant	adverb	oci	combien	interrogativePronoun	fra
quant	adverb	oci	combien	pronoun	fra
quant	adverb	oci	combien	adverb	fra
quant	adverb	oci	combien	relativePronoun	fra
quant	relativePronoun	oci	combien	interrogativePronoun	fra
quant	relativePronoun	oci	combien	pronoun	fra
quant	relativePronoun	oci	combien	adverb	fra
quant	relativePronoun	oci	combien	relativePronoun	fra
quant	interrogativePronoun	oci	combien	interrogativePronoun	fra
quant	interrogativePronoun	oci	combien	pronoun	fra
quant	interrogativePronoun	oci	combien	adverb	fra
quant	interrogativePronoun	oci	combien	relativePronoun	fra
quant	pronoun	oci	combien	interrogativePronoun	fra
quant	pronoun	oci	combien	pronoun	fra
quant	pronoun	oci	combien	adverb	fra
quant	pronoun	oci	combien	relativePronoun	fra
Tina	properNoun	oci	Tina	properNoun	fra
colpable	adjective	oci	coupable	adjective	fra
Tejeda	properNoun	oci	Tejeda	properNoun	fra
parisenc	adjective	oci	parisien	adjective	fra
eretgia	noun	oci	hérésie	noun	fra
Vilajoana	properNoun	oci	Vilajoana	properNoun	fra
Short	properNoun	oci	Short	properNoun	fra
Catellier	properNoun	oci	Catellier	properNoun	fra
Pham	properNoun	oci	Pham	properNoun	fra
Ripollés	properNoun	oci	Ripollés	properNoun	fra
Streep	properNoun	oci	Streep	properNoun	fra
Soley	properNoun	oci	Soley	properNoun	fra
mesquin	noun	oci	mesquin	noun	fra
Salamo	properNoun	oci	Salamo	properNoun	fra
comunicator	noun	oci	communicateur	noun	fra
poligamia	noun	oci	polygamie	noun	fra
vibrant	adjective	oci	vibrant	adjective	fra
criticable	adjective	oci	critiquable	adjective	fra
quinzen	noun	oci	quinzième	noun	fra
zoo	noun	oci	zoo	noun	fra
recercaire	adjective	oci	chercheur	adjective	fra
psiquiatra	noun	oci	psychiatre	noun	fra
Masagué	properNoun	oci	Masagué	properNoun	fra
Collier	properNoun	oci	Collier	properNoun	fra
León	properNoun	oci	León	properNoun	fra
gran	noun	oci	grain	noun	fra
apauriment	noun	oci	appauvrissement	noun	fra
irascible	adjective	oci	irascible	adjective	fra
antitetanic	adjective	oci	antitétanique	adjective	fra
espelonga	noun	oci	grotte	noun	fra
Padró	properNoun	oci	Padró	properNoun	fra
vitaminat	adjective	oci	vitaminé	adjective	fra
Planella	properNoun	oci	Planella	properNoun	fra
exigent	adjective	oci	exigeant	adjective	fra
alcoolisme	noun	oci	alcoolisme	noun	fra
desaprendre	verb	oci	désapprendre	verb	fra
presidéncia	noun	oci	présidence	noun	fra
sensacion	noun	oci	sensation	noun	fra
ambigüitat	noun	oci	ambiguïté	noun	fra
desbarrassar	verb	oci	débarrasser	verb	fra
cabrit	noun	oci	cabri	noun	fra
microfòn	noun	oci	microphone	noun	fra
Rebecca	properNoun	oci	Rebecca	properNoun	fra
Champion	properNoun	oci	Champion	properNoun	fra
astronòme	noun	oci	astronome	noun	fra
remirable	adjective	oci	admirable	adjective	fra
CDA	noun	oci	CDA	noun	fra
Lapuente	properNoun	oci	Lapuente	properNoun	fra
patèrla	noun	oci	fesse	noun	fra
Uceda	properNoun	oci	Uceda	properNoun	fra
Degongre	properNoun	oci	Degongre	properNoun	fra
anarcosindicalista	noun	oci	anarchosyndicaliste	noun	fra
anarcosindicalista	noun	oci	anarcho-syndicaliste	noun	fra
Lecina	properNoun	oci	Lecina	properNoun	fra
local	noun	oci	local	noun	fra
Galiana	properNoun	oci	Galiana	properNoun	fra
còser	verb	oci	cuire	verb	fra
Flamand	properNoun	oci	Flamand	properNoun	fra
preseleccion	noun	oci	présélection	noun	fra
malefic	adjective	oci	maléfique	adjective	fra
Elhaddad	properNoun	oci	Elhaddad	properNoun	fra
diegetic	adjective	oci	diégétique	adjective	fra
Las Palmas	properNoun	oci	Las Palmas	properNoun	fra
cinetic	adjective	oci	cinétique	adjective	fra
botelhason	noun	oci	embouteillage	noun	fra
atlàs	noun	oci	atlas	noun	fra
Pagano	properNoun	oci	Pagano	properNoun	fra
lèia	noun	oci	luge	noun	fra
unic	adjective	oci	unique	adjective	fra
Besançon	properNoun	oci	Besançon	properNoun	fra
pterodactil	noun	oci	ptérodactyle	noun	fra
Cañete	properNoun	oci	Cañete	properNoun	fra
Velilla	properNoun	oci	Velilla	properNoun	fra
cotèla	noun	oci	glaïeul	noun	fra
84n	adjective	oci	84ème	adjective	fra
Merckx	properNoun	oci	Merckx	properNoun	fra
Jovani	properNoun	oci	Jovani	properNoun	fra
Díaz	properNoun	oci	Díaz	properNoun	fra
DiMaggio	properNoun	oci	DiMaggio	properNoun	fra
Fromm	properNoun	oci	Fromm	properNoun	fra
Rodon	properNoun	oci	Rodon	properNoun	fra
visitable	adjective	oci	visitable	adjective	fra
cu	noun	oci	cul	noun	fra
programa	noun	oci	programme	noun	fra
Moro	properNoun	oci	Moro	properNoun	fra
Resina	properNoun	oci	Resina	properNoun	fra
Catalonha	properNoun	oci	Catalogne	properNoun	fra
Cross	properNoun	oci	Cross	properNoun	fra
Quintin	properNoun	oci	Quintin	properNoun	fra
Diz	properNoun	oci	Diz	properNoun	fra
Ndiaye	properNoun	oci	Ndiaye	properNoun	fra
Oyié	properNoun	oci	Oyié	properNoun	fra
centenari	adjective	oci	centenaire	adjective	fra
descobèrt	adjective	oci	découvert	adjective	fra
Tibèri	properNoun	oci	Tibère	properNoun	fra
Agricola	properNoun	oci	Agricola	properNoun	fra
Monti	properNoun	oci	Monti	properNoun	fra
temperament	noun	oci	tempérament	noun	fra
densificar	verb	oci	densifier	verb	fra
Chea	properNoun	oci	Chea	properNoun	fra
calendas	noun	oci	calendes	noun	fra
major	adjective	oci	majeur	adjective	fra
ajust	noun	oci	ajout	noun	fra
Gannon	properNoun	oci	Gannon	properNoun	fra
rememoriar	verb	oci	remémorer	verb	fra
sindicacion	noun	oci	syndication	noun	fra
Dalmau	properNoun	oci	Dalmau	properNoun	fra
ovacion	noun	oci	ovation	noun	fra
trissar	verb	oci	broyer	verb	fra
trissar	verb	oci	piler	verb	fra
analogic	adjective	oci	analogique	adjective	fra
Sicilia	properNoun	oci	Sicilia	properNoun	fra
Sanna	properNoun	oci	Sanna	properNoun	fra
armoniosament	adverb	oci	harmonieusement	adverb	fra
Watanabe	properNoun	oci	Watanabe	properNoun	fra
capricòrn	noun	oci	capricorne	noun	fra
greda	noun	oci	craie	noun	fra
Transilvània	properNoun	oci	Transylvanie	properNoun	fra
Michaud	properNoun	oci	Michaud	properNoun	fra
cropa	noun	oci	croupe	noun	fra
OpenOffice	properNoun	oci	OpenOffice	properNoun	fra
chovash	adjective	oci	tchouvache	adjective	fra
coeficient	noun	oci	coefficient	noun	fra
Limòtges	properNoun	oci	Limoges	properNoun	fra
La Setmana	properNoun	oci	La Setmana	properNoun	fra
73n	adjective	oci	73ème	adjective	fra
Fonda	properNoun	oci	Fonda	properNoun	fra
orquestracion	noun	oci	orchestration	noun	fra
Otamendi	properNoun	oci	Otamendi	properNoun	fra
Trump	properNoun	oci	Trump	properNoun	fra
Amonarriz	properNoun	oci	Amonarriz	properNoun	fra
climatic	adjective	oci	climatique	adjective	fra
desinfectant	noun	oci	désinfectant	noun	fra
extraordinari	adjective	oci	extraordinaire	adjective	fra
fregar	verb	oci	frotter	verb	fra
luminic	adjective	oci	luminique	adjective	fra
Linhares	properNoun	oci	Linhares	properNoun	fra
saberut	adjective	oci	savant	adjective	fra
Fadda	properNoun	oci	Fadda	properNoun	fra
atudat	adjective	oci	éteint	adjective	fra
Rosas	properNoun	oci	Rosas	properNoun	fra
Pauzé	properNoun	oci	Pauzé	properNoun	fra
Perrault	properNoun	oci	Perrault	properNoun	fra
Varró	properNoun	oci	Varró	properNoun	fra
ortogenèsi	noun	oci	orthogenèse	noun	fra
nazi	adjective	oci	nazi	adjective	fra
sollicitud	noun	oci	sollicitude	noun	fra
definitivament	adverb	oci	définitivement	adverb	fra
Moya	properNoun	oci	Moya	properNoun	fra
abreviacion	noun	oci	abréviation	noun	fra
Forero	properNoun	oci	Forero	properNoun	fra
Aurore	properNoun	oci	Aurore	properNoun	fra
McNeil	properNoun	oci	McNeil	properNoun	fra
bahamean	adjective	oci	bahaméen	adjective	fra
Novella	properNoun	oci	Novella	properNoun	fra
Txueka	properNoun	oci	Txueka	properNoun	fra
paritat	noun	oci	parité	noun	fra
cindre	noun	oci	cintre	noun	fra
Pedra	properNoun	oci	Pedra	properNoun	fra
Wong	properNoun	oci	Wong	properNoun	fra
breçòl	noun	oci	berceau	noun	fra
Talavera	properNoun	oci	Talavera	properNoun	fra
transductor	noun	oci	transducteur	noun	fra
inoxidable	adjective	oci	inoxydable	adjective	fra
taxar	verb	oci	taxer	verb	fra
cirillic	adjective	oci	cyrillique	adjective	fra
Ocaña	properNoun	oci	Ocaña	properNoun	fra
just	noun	oci	juste	noun	fra
Fermi	properNoun	oci	Fermi	properNoun	fra
Miravete	properNoun	oci	Miravete	properNoun	fra
Araujo	properNoun	oci	Araujo	properNoun	fra
nigerin	adjective	oci	nigérien	adjective	fra
progression	noun	oci	progression	noun	fra
Céspedes	properNoun	oci	Céspedes	properNoun	fra
sempre	adverb	oci	toujours	adverb	fra
expansionista	adjective	oci	expansionniste	adjective	fra
edonista	noun	oci	hédoniste	noun	fra
estranh	adjective	oci	drôle	adjective	fra
estranh	adjective	oci	étrange	adjective	fra
estranh	adjective	oci	singulier	adjective	fra
Jussaume	properNoun	oci	Jussaume	properNoun	fra
Litalien	properNoun	oci	Litalien	properNoun	fra
escapar	verb	oci	échapper	verb	fra
Amelia	properNoun	oci	Amelia	properNoun	fra
clandestin	adjective	oci	clandestin	adjective	fra
retornar	verb	oci	rendre	verb	fra
tepa	noun	oci	gazon	noun	fra
Wittelsbach	properNoun	oci	Wittelsbach	properNoun	fra
dopar	verb	oci	doper	verb	fra
Helmut	properNoun	oci	Helmut	properNoun	fra
Verdun	properNoun	oci	Verdun	properNoun	fra
paquistanés	noun	oci	Pakistanais	noun	fra
Warhol	properNoun	oci	Warhol	properNoun	fra
raça	noun	oci	race	noun	fra
Leia	properNoun	oci	Leia	properNoun	fra
oportunista	noun	oci	opportuniste	noun	fra
arenga	noun	oci	harangue	noun	fra
canalha	noun	oci	canaille	noun	fra
corrupcion	noun	oci	corruption	noun	fra
Sors	properNoun	oci	Sors	properNoun	fra
Stéphane	properNoun	oci	Stéphane	properNoun	fra
Ormaextea	properNoun	oci	Ormaextea	properNoun	fra
aumentatiu	adjective	oci	augmentatif	adjective	fra
baishar	verb	oci	baisser	verb	fra
Sanclemente	properNoun	oci	Sanclemente	properNoun	fra
inèrcia	noun	oci	inertie	noun	fra
librariá	noun	oci	librairie	noun	fra
Noain	properNoun	oci	Noain	properNoun	fra
transa	noun	oci	transe	noun	fra
Jacky	properNoun	oci	Jacky	properNoun	fra
McCormack	properNoun	oci	McCormack	properNoun	fra
peresós	adjective	oci	paresseux	adjective	fra
Gelis	properNoun	oci	Gelis	properNoun	fra
Bujaldón	properNoun	oci	Bujaldón	properNoun	fra
aderent	adjective	oci	adhérent	adjective	fra
vendémia	noun	oci	vendange	noun	fra
Paige	properNoun	oci	Paige	properNoun	fra
Okeefe	properNoun	oci	Okeefe	properNoun	fra
reforçament	noun	oci	renforcement	noun	fra
Visiedo	properNoun	oci	Visiedo	properNoun	fra
Schumann	properNoun	oci	Schumann	properNoun	fra
Bordas	properNoun	oci	Bordas	properNoun	fra
Maastricht	properNoun	oci	Maastricht	properNoun	fra
mantèl	noun	oci	manteau	noun	fra
von Aue	properNoun	oci	von Aue	properNoun	fra
Camós	properNoun	oci	Camós	properNoun	fra
Champoux	properNoun	oci	Champoux	properNoun	fra
contextualizar	verb	oci	contextualiser	verb	fra
suspene	verb	oci	suspendre	verb	fra
Mohammed	properNoun	oci	Mohammed	properNoun	fra
finament	adverb	oci	finement	adverb	fra
sèuva	noun	oci	forêt	noun	fra
tinha	noun	oci	teigne	noun	fra
Albasini	properNoun	oci	Albasini	properNoun	fra
Evans	properNoun	oci	Evans	properNoun	fra
esglasiant	adjective	oci	épouvantable	adjective	fra
Wikimedia	properNoun	oci	Wikimedia	properNoun	fra
relotgièr	adjective	oci	horloger	adjective	fra
especializar	verb	oci	spécialiser	verb	fra
Maeso	properNoun	oci	Maeso	properNoun	fra
aquitament	noun	oci	acquittement	noun	fra
aquitament	noun	oci	aquittement	noun	fra
macrosociologia	noun	oci	macrosociologie	noun	fra
Escrig	properNoun	oci	Escrig	properNoun	fra
transportable	adjective	oci	transportable	adjective	fra
oitanta sièis	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-six	numeral	fra
precipitat	adjective	oci	précipité	adjective	fra
Anacabe	properNoun	oci	Anacabe	properNoun	fra
ierarquic	adjective	oci	hiérarchique	adjective	fra
excitar	verb	oci	exciter	verb	fra
calhar	verb	oci	cailler	verb	fra
viatjaire	noun	oci	voyageur	noun	fra
prejudici	noun	oci	préjugé	noun	fra
rimar	verb	oci	rimer	verb	fra
fàcia	noun	oci	face	noun	fra
fàcia	noun	oci	gueule	noun	fra
Porgesz	properNoun	oci	Porgesz	properNoun	fra
còdi	noun	oci	code	noun	fra
Lebovits	properNoun	oci	Lebovits	properNoun	fra
perpetrar	verb	oci	perpétrer	verb	fra
matematician	noun	oci	mathématicien	noun	fra
Guivernau	properNoun	oci	Guivernau	properNoun	fra
sistematizar	verb	oci	systématiser	verb	fra
Sciascia	properNoun	oci	Sciascia	properNoun	fra
punh	noun	oci	poing	noun	fra
lagremejar	verb	oci	larmoyer	verb	fra
tatgic	adjective	oci	tadjik	adjective	fra
Tardá	properNoun	oci	Tardá	properNoun	fra
Juárez	properNoun	oci	Juárez	properNoun	fra
sècta	noun	oci	secte	noun	fra
crup	noun	oci	matou	noun	fra
escampa	noun	oci	subterfuge	noun	fra
Provost	properNoun	oci	Provost	properNoun	fra
Métras	properNoun	oci	Métras	properNoun	fra
Galeano	properNoun	oci	Galeano	properNoun	fra
Leila	properNoun	oci	Leila	properNoun	fra
covariant	adjective	oci	covariant	adjective	fra
Ford	properNoun	oci	Ford	properNoun	fra
Mineault	properNoun	oci	Mineault	properNoun	fra
Obradors	properNoun	oci	Obradors	properNoun	fra
Martineau	properNoun	oci	Martineau	properNoun	fra
sociolècte	noun	oci	sociolecte	noun	fra
Ion	properNoun	oci	Ion	properNoun	fra
Soumis	properNoun	oci	Soumis	properNoun	fra
Ricart	properNoun	oci	Ricart	properNoun	fra
Michèle	properNoun	oci	Michèle	properNoun	fra
von Cannstadt	properNoun	oci	von Cannstadt	properNoun	fra
Preston	properNoun	oci	Preston	properNoun	fra
mercés a	preposition	oci	grâce à	preposition	fra
saxon	noun	oci	Saxon	noun	fra
Salort	properNoun	oci	Salort	properNoun	fra
sanguinari	adjective	oci	sanguinaire	adjective	fra
Dicaire	properNoun	oci	Dicaire	properNoun	fra
suquet	noun	oci	tertre	noun	fra
sostenible	adjective	oci	durable	adjective	fra
uechanta cinc	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-cinq	numeral	fra
BAU	properNoun	oci	BAU	properNoun	fra
Masía	properNoun	oci	Masía	properNoun	fra
Walcott	properNoun	oci	Walcott	properNoun	fra
transatlantic	adjective	oci	transatlantique	adjective	fra
Alfano	properNoun	oci	Alfano	properNoun	fra
Assouline	properNoun	oci	Assouline	properNoun	fra
Zhao	properNoun	oci	Zhao	properNoun	fra
deïctic	adjective	oci	déictique	adjective	fra
Blasco	properNoun	oci	Blasco	properNoun	fra
geneticament	adverb	oci	génétiquement	adverb	fra
oficialament	adverb	oci	officiellement	adverb	fra
Intertoto	properNoun	oci	Intertoto	properNoun	fra
a la requèsta de	preposition	oci	sur la requête de	preposition	fra
a la requèsta de	preposition	oci	à la requête de	preposition	fra
Ruiz	properNoun	oci	Ruiz	properNoun	fra
sobtament	adverb	oci	soudainement	adverb	fra
sobtament	adverb	oci	subitement	adverb	fra
Isidro	properNoun	oci	Isidro	properNoun	fra
Escobar	properNoun	oci	Escobar	properNoun	fra
pendent	adjective	oci	pendant	adjective	fra
Iran	properNoun	oci	Iran	properNoun	fra
Ullrich	properNoun	oci	Ullrich	properNoun	fra
Pinedo	properNoun	oci	Pinedo	properNoun	fra
combatent	adjective	oci	combattant	adjective	fra
Ciurans	properNoun	oci	Ciurans	properNoun	fra
Javed	properNoun	oci	Javed	properNoun	fra
clima	noun	oci	climat	noun	fra
parpèl	noun	oci	coquelicot	noun	fra
cabucèla	noun	oci	couvercle	noun	fra
implicar	verb	oci	impliquer	verb	fra
Cannas	properNoun	oci	Cannas	properNoun	fra
Schopenhauer	properNoun	oci	Schopenhauer	properNoun	fra
56n	adjective	oci	56ème	adjective	fra
somari	noun	oci	sommaire	noun	fra
Belmar	properNoun	oci	Belmar	properNoun	fra
Vivekananda	properNoun	oci	Vivekananda	properNoun	fra
Gautreau	properNoun	oci	Gautreau	properNoun	fra
magror	noun	oci	maigreur	noun	fra
Bernadette	properNoun	oci	Bernadette	properNoun	fra
sensibilizar	verb	oci	sensibiliser	verb	fra
egoïsme	noun	oci	égoïsme	noun	fra
raubaire	adjective	oci	voleur	adjective	fra
Coma	properNoun	oci	Coma	properNoun	fra
d'abitud	adverb	oci	d'habitude	adverb	fra
Laflèche	properNoun	oci	Laflèche	properNoun	fra
guilda	noun	oci	guilde	noun	fra
Corneille	properNoun	oci	Corneille	properNoun	fra
Ramia	properNoun	oci	Ramia	properNoun	fra
Gallant	properNoun	oci	Gallant	properNoun	fra
Dastous	properNoun	oci	Dastous	properNoun	fra
eBay	properNoun	oci	eBay	properNoun	fra
eméter	verb	oci	émettre	verb	fra
Desormeaux	properNoun	oci	Desormeaux	properNoun	fra
Fawkes	properNoun	oci	Fawkes	properNoun	fra
Montaigne	properNoun	oci	Montaigne	properNoun	fra
Iñesta	properNoun	oci	Iñesta	properNoun	fra
despuèi	preposition	oci	depuis	preposition	fra
St-Vincent	properNoun	oci	St-Vincent	properNoun	fra
Cercos	properNoun	oci	Cercos	properNoun	fra
Rubí	properNoun	oci	Rubí	properNoun	fra
demanar	verb	oci	demander	verb	fra
Tardif	properNoun	oci	Tardif	properNoun	fra
Merleau-Ponty	properNoun	oci	Merleau-Ponty	properNoun	fra
Journey	properNoun	oci	Journey	properNoun	fra
propedeutica	adjective	oci	propédeutique	adjective	fra
timpan	noun	oci	tympan	noun	fra
Matute	properNoun	oci	Matute	properNoun	fra
albèrc	noun	oci	haubert	noun	fra
Villavicencio	properNoun	oci	Villavicencio	properNoun	fra
questionar	verb	oci	questionner	verb	fra
Saussure	properNoun	oci	Saussure	properNoun	fra
Rosado	properNoun	oci	Rosado	properNoun	fra
ultrason	noun	oci	ultrason	noun	fra
peth prumèr viatge	adverb	oci	pour la première fois	adverb	fra
escorgaire	adjective	oci	écorcheur	adjective	fra
Samia	properNoun	oci	Samia	properNoun	fra
politician	noun	oci	politique	noun	fra
politician	noun	oci	politicien	noun	fra
Rory	properNoun	oci	Rory	properNoun	fra
Carballo	properNoun	oci	Carballo	properNoun	fra
RTVE	properNoun	oci	RTVE	properNoun	fra
necite	adjective	oci	nécessaire	adjective	fra
Gamet	properNoun	oci	Gamet	properNoun	fra
Evelyn	properNoun	oci	Evelyn	properNoun	fra
indoïsme	noun	oci	hindouisme	noun	fra
Badillo	properNoun	oci	Badillo	properNoun	fra
pervèrs	adjective	oci	pervers	adjective	fra
Campas	properNoun	oci	Campas	properNoun	fra
indigenista	adjective	oci	indigéniste	adjective	fra
Osés	properNoun	oci	Osés	properNoun	fra
desmentir	verb	oci	démentir	verb	fra
Gaztelumendi	properNoun	oci	Gaztelumendi	properNoun	fra
Pequin	properNoun	oci	Pékin	properNoun	fra
Peñaranda	properNoun	oci	Peñaranda	properNoun	fra
conscienciós	adjective	oci	consciencieux	adjective	fra
Espérance	properNoun	oci	Espérance	properNoun	fra
Honorine	properNoun	oci	Honorine	properNoun	fra
topografia	noun	oci	topographie	noun	fra
Bigeault	properNoun	oci	Bigeault	properNoun	fra
orografic	adjective	oci	orographique	adjective	fra
civil	noun	oci	civil	noun	fra
cinquanta cinc	numeral	oci	cinquante-cinq	numeral	fra
companh	noun	oci	compagnon	noun	fra
andicap	noun	oci	handicap	noun	fra
Langer	properNoun	oci	Langer	properNoun	fra
Cléroux	properNoun	oci	Cléroux	properNoun	fra
Soliman	properNoun	oci	Soliman	properNoun	fra
Galois	properNoun	oci	Galois	properNoun	fra
fustigar	verb	oci	fustiger	verb	fra
bonur	noun	oci	bonheur	noun	fra
Manrique	properNoun	oci	Manrique	properNoun	fra
consumaire	noun	oci	consommateur	noun	fra
Desloges	properNoun	oci	Desloges	properNoun	fra
desmaquilhar	verb	oci	démaquiller	verb	fra
casa	noun	oci	case	noun	fra
binocular	adjective	oci	binoculaire	adjective	fra
Dugré	properNoun	oci	Dugré	properNoun	fra
abitualament	adverb	oci	habituellement	adverb	fra
Linné	properNoun	oci	Linné	properNoun	fra
McFadden	properNoun	oci	McFadden	properNoun	fra
difteric	adjective	oci	diphtérique	adjective	fra
cigarro	noun	oci	cigare	noun	fra
von Schiller	properNoun	oci	von Schiller	properNoun	fra
58n	adjective	oci	58ème	adjective	fra
contrarietat	noun	oci	contrariété	noun	fra
Lafarge	properNoun	oci	Lafarge	properNoun	fra
messatgièr	noun	oci	messager	noun	fra
Marcoux	properNoun	oci	Marcoux	properNoun	fra
quaranta nau	numeral	oci	quarante-neuf	numeral	fra
representatiu	adjective	oci	représentatif	adjective	fra
constrencha	noun	oci	servitude	noun	fra
constrencha	noun	oci	contrainte	noun	fra
secretament	adverb	oci	secrètement	adverb	fra
Noua	properNoun	oci	Noua	properNoun	fra
proton	noun	oci	proton	noun	fra
Bayés	properNoun	oci	Bayés	properNoun	fra
Taló	properNoun	oci	Taló	properNoun	fra
Boya	properNoun	oci	Boya	properNoun	fra
construsir	verb	oci	construire	verb	fra
Elgezabal	properNoun	oci	Elgezabal	properNoun	fra
Leonor	properNoun	oci	Leonor	properNoun	fra
tutèla	noun	oci	tutelle	noun	fra
champanha	noun	oci	champagne	noun	fra
Gesa	properNoun	oci	Gesa	properNoun	fra
Churchill	properNoun	oci	Churchill	properNoun	fra
raiç	noun	oci	racine	noun	fra
Camelat	properNoun	oci	Camelat	properNoun	fra
Presas	properNoun	oci	Presas	properNoun	fra
Laroche	properNoun	oci	Laroche	properNoun	fra
Compte	properNoun	oci	Compte	properNoun	fra
galà	noun	oci	gala	noun	fra
Salla	properNoun	oci	Salla	properNoun	fra
escuma	noun	oci	écume	noun	fra
Polanski	properNoun	oci	Polanski	properNoun	fra
Kubica	properNoun	oci	Kubica	properNoun	fra
mens	adverb	oci	moins	adverb	fra
pesseta	noun	oci	peseta	noun	fra
cavalièr	noun	oci	cavalier	noun	fra
cavalièr	noun	oci	chevalier	noun	fra
Aubertin	properNoun	oci	Aubertin	properNoun	fra
signatura	noun	oci	enseigne	noun	fra
signatura	noun	oci	signature	noun	fra
Altman	properNoun	oci	Altman	properNoun	fra
lausar	verb	oci	louer	verb	fra
reapropriacion	noun	oci	réappropriation	noun	fra
descarga	noun	oci	décharge	noun	fra
Gasquet	properNoun	oci	Gasquet	properNoun	fra
Viñes	properNoun	oci	Viñes	properNoun	fra
escarrabilhat	noun	oci	éveillé	noun	fra
Jupitèr	properNoun	oci	Jupiter	properNoun	fra
blindar	verb	oci	blinder	verb	fra
Cabado	properNoun	oci	Cabado	properNoun	fra
informatica	noun	oci	informatique	noun	fra
dessèrt	noun	oci	dessert	noun	fra
ampliament	noun	oci	acroissement	noun	fra
ampliament	noun	oci	agrandissement	noun	fra
travet	noun	oci	solive	noun	fra
cartèl	noun	oci	affiche	noun	fra
Francisco	properNoun	oci	Francisco	properNoun	fra
veïcular	adjective	oci	véhiculaire	adjective	fra
paret	noun	oci	paroi	noun	fra
paret	noun	oci	mur	noun	fra
Schächter	properNoun	oci	Schächter	properNoun	fra
tampa	noun	oci	couverture	noun	fra
anóncia	noun	oci	annonce	noun	fra
alternar	verb	oci	alterner	verb	fra
bibliotèca	noun	oci	bibliothèque	noun	fra
per còp d'astre	adverb	oci	par chance	adverb	fra
Bousquet	properNoun	oci	Bousquet	properNoun	fra
becarut	noun	oci	flamant	noun	fra
Joubert	properNoun	oci	Joubert	properNoun	fra
gai	adjective	oci	gai	adjective	fra
parisenc	noun	oci	Parisien	noun	fra
but	noun	oci	but	noun	fra
Cerdán	properNoun	oci	Cerdán	properNoun	fra
voluta	noun	oci	volute	noun	fra
Aurelià	properNoun	oci	Aurelià	properNoun	fra
au près	adverb	oci	auprès	adverb	fra
Cavalcanti	properNoun	oci	Cavalcanti	properNoun	fra
Puerto	properNoun	oci	Puerto	properNoun	fra
entà	preposition	oci	pour	preposition	fra
Micronesia	properNoun	oci	Micronésie	properNoun	fra
aiganha	noun	oci	rosée	noun	fra
Barrette	properNoun	oci	Barrette	properNoun	fra
Darné	properNoun	oci	Darné	properNoun	fra
Caledònia	properNoun	oci	Calédonie	properNoun	fra
Lena	properNoun	oci	Lena	properNoun	fra
fricatiu	adjective	oci	fricatif	adjective	fra
Ménard	properNoun	oci	Ménard	properNoun	fra
desfavorir	verb	oci	défavoriser	verb	fra
Celtic	properNoun	oci	Celtic	properNoun	fra
Muro	properNoun	oci	Muro	properNoun	fra
Isanta	properNoun	oci	Isanta	properNoun	fra
formalisme	noun	oci	formalisme	noun	fra
Cruzado	properNoun	oci	Cruzado	properNoun	fra
McNally	properNoun	oci	McNally	properNoun	fra
Lacey	properNoun	oci	Lacey	properNoun	fra
Jové	properNoun	oci	Jové	properNoun	fra
Pastor	properNoun	oci	Pastor	properNoun	fra
volatile	adjective	oci	volatile	adjective	fra
Thiffault	properNoun	oci	Thiffault	properNoun	fra
oèst	noun	oci	ouest	noun	fra
Reilly	properNoun	oci	Reilly	properNoun	fra
quidditat	noun	oci	quiddité	noun	fra
h	noun	oci	h	noun	fra
assegurança	noun	oci	assurance	noun	fra
nineta	noun	oci	pupille	noun	fra
Holly	properNoun	oci	Holly	properNoun	fra
militant	noun	oci	militant	noun	fra
Xu	properNoun	oci	Xu	properNoun	fra
Ribas	properNoun	oci	Ribas	properNoun	fra
Clamenç	properNoun	oci	Clément	properNoun	fra
Clamenç	properNoun	oci	Clamenç	properNoun	fra
Novo	properNoun	oci	Novo	properNoun	fra
Tapies	properNoun	oci	Tapies	properNoun	fra
sinfonia	noun	oci	symphonie	noun	fra
Colomina	properNoun	oci	Colomina	properNoun	fra
Boire	properNoun	oci	Boire	properNoun	fra
cataclismic	adjective	oci	cataclysmique	adjective	fra
cataclismic	adjective	oci	cataclismique	adjective	fra
Khanam	properNoun	oci	Khanam	properNoun	fra
abstencion	noun	oci	abstention	noun	fra
insoléncia	noun	oci	insolence	noun	fra
Mas i Conde	properNoun	oci	Mas i Conde	properNoun	fra
partisan	noun	oci	partisan	noun	fra
partisan	noun	oci	supporteur	noun	fra
debàs	noun	oci	bas	noun	fra
rencontre	noun	oci	rencontre	noun	fra
Ferriz	properNoun	oci	Ferriz	properNoun	fra
facilament	adverb	oci	facilement	adverb	fra
distintament	adverb	oci	distinctement	adverb	fra
simulacion	noun	oci	simulation	noun	fra
visible	adjective	oci	visible	adjective	fra
Gard	properNoun	oci	Gard	properNoun	fra
Echevarria	properNoun	oci	Echevarria	properNoun	fra
mauritan	adjective	oci	mauritanien	adjective	fra
Katsaros	properNoun	oci	Katsaros	properNoun	fra
hormiga	noun	oci	formica	noun	fra
centime	noun	oci	centime	noun	fra
pelagian	adjective	oci	pélagien	adjective	fra
asaigar	verb	oci	arroser	verb	fra
Betren	properNoun	oci	Betren	properNoun	fra
alimentar	verb	oci	alimenter	verb	fra
figurisme	noun	oci	figurisme	noun	fra
Barr	properNoun	oci	Barr	properNoun	fra
Lepage	properNoun	oci	Lepage	properNoun	fra
referenciament	noun	oci	référencement	noun	fra
tatoatge	noun	oci	tatouage	noun	fra
de Broglie	properNoun	oci	de Broglie	properNoun	fra
repèsca	noun	oci	repêchage	noun	fra
notificatiu	adjective	oci	notificatif	adjective	fra
Lucas	properNoun	oci	Lucas	properNoun	fra
alcolisme	noun	oci	alcoolisme	noun	fra
Briet	properNoun	oci	Briet	properNoun	fra
determinisme	noun	oci	déterminisme	noun	fra
tanpauc	adverb	oci	non plus	adverb	fra
Gleeton	properNoun	oci	Gleeton	properNoun	fra
admés	noun	oci	admis	noun	fra
Pomerleau	properNoun	oci	Pomerleau	properNoun	fra
reiautat	noun	oci	royauté	noun	fra
Stoner	properNoun	oci	Stoner	properNoun	fra
Larkin	properNoun	oci	Larkin	properNoun	fra
Sansica	properNoun	oci	Sansica	properNoun	fra
subrevivent	noun	oci	survivant	noun	fra
seguidor	adjective	oci	successeur	adjective	fra
Aguirre	properNoun	oci	Aguirre	properNoun	fra
Constantinòble	properNoun	oci	Constantinople	properNoun	fra
Roch	properNoun	oci	Roch	properNoun	fra
Grañá	properNoun	oci	Grañá	properNoun	fra
casco	noun	oci	casque	noun	fra
Chau	properNoun	oci	Chau	properNoun	fra
passionat	adjective	oci	passionné	adjective	fra
trauersar	verb	oci	traverser	verb	fra
publicar	verb	oci	publier	verb	fra
43n	adjective	oci	43ème	adjective	fra
Cala	properNoun	oci	Cala	properNoun	fra
lusèrna	noun	oci	luciole	noun	fra
Bielorussia	properNoun	oci	Biélorussie	properNoun	fra
recomandacion	noun	oci	recommandation	noun	fra
Berezovski	properNoun	oci	Berezovski	properNoun	fra
considerablament	adverb	oci	considérablement	adverb	fra
Bello	properNoun	oci	Bello	properNoun	fra
peronisme	noun	oci	péronisme	noun	fra
netejar	verb	oci	nettoyer	verb	fra
netejar	verb	oci	toiletter	verb	fra
de Frutos	properNoun	oci	de Frutos	properNoun	fra
Vea	properNoun	oci	Vea	properNoun	fra
Awashish	properNoun	oci	Awashish	properNoun	fra
Desainde	properNoun	oci	Desainde	properNoun	fra
Erdozain	properNoun	oci	Erdozain	properNoun	fra
emergéncia	noun	oci	émergence	noun	fra
clip	noun	oci	clip	noun	fra
magdalenian	adjective	oci	magdalénien	adjective	fra
guèrra	noun	oci	guerre	noun	fra
Leith	properNoun	oci	Leith	properNoun	fra
Armenia	properNoun	oci	Arménie	properNoun	fra
verin	noun	oci	poison	noun	fra
verin	noun	oci	venin	noun	fra
Cartañà	properNoun	oci	Cartañà	properNoun	fra
Nečas	properNoun	oci	Nečas	properNoun	fra
Arumí	properNoun	oci	Arumí	properNoun	fra
brave	adjective	oci	gentil	adjective	fra
cada còp que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	chaque fois que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
expropriar	verb	oci	exproprier	verb	fra
contarotlar	verb	oci	contrôler	verb	fra
Bellamy	properNoun	oci	Bellamy	properNoun	fra
Hamid	properNoun	oci	Hamid	properNoun	fra
neutre	adjective	oci	neutre	adjective	fra
privat	noun	oci	privé	noun	fra
Cata	properNoun	oci	Cata	properNoun	fra
critica	noun	oci	critique	noun	fra
Vergés	properNoun	oci	Vergés	properNoun	fra
Trawally	properNoun	oci	Trawally	properNoun	fra
Farell	properNoun	oci	Farell	properNoun	fra
normalisacion	noun	oci	normalisation	noun	fra
Devine	properNoun	oci	Devine	properNoun	fra
Gispert	properNoun	oci	Gispert	properNoun	fra
Barandiarán	properNoun	oci	Barandiarán	properNoun	fra
putassièr	adjective	oci	putassier	adjective	fra
abrasiu	noun	oci	abrasif	noun	fra
spinozisme	noun	oci	spinozisme	noun	fra
Franks	properNoun	oci	Franks	properNoun	fra
Doça	properNoun	oci	Douce	properNoun	fra
Doça	properNoun	oci	Doça	properNoun	fra
D'Amico	properNoun	oci	D'Amico	properNoun	fra
Riquier	properNoun	oci	Riquier	properNoun	fra
resident	noun	oci	résident	noun	fra
Nicanor	properNoun	oci	Nicanor	properNoun	fra
sedentari	noun	oci	sédentaire	noun	fra
Sabriá	properNoun	oci	Sabriá	properNoun	fra
manejar	verb	oci	manier	verb	fra
disputa	noun	oci	dispute	noun	fra
Buiza	properNoun	oci	Buiza	properNoun	fra
Cavaterra	properNoun	oci	Cavaterra	properNoun	fra
Grönfeldt Bergman	properNoun	oci	Grönfeldt Bergman	properNoun	fra
Tor	properNoun	oci	Tor	properNoun	fra
Lambea	properNoun	oci	Lambea	properNoun	fra
Morocho	properNoun	oci	Morocho	properNoun	fra
pomièra	noun	oci	pommier	noun	fra
petròli	noun	oci	pétrole	noun	fra
Bessó	properNoun	oci	Bessó	properNoun	fra
Genest	properNoun	oci	Genest	properNoun	fra
Kõiv	properNoun	oci	Kõiv	properNoun	fra
compromés	noun	oci	compromis	noun	fra
Pépin	properNoun	oci	Pépin	properNoun	fra
vetustat	noun	oci	vétusté	noun	fra
Deserres	properNoun	oci	Deserres	properNoun	fra
destrech	noun	oci	détroit	noun	fra
Linteau	properNoun	oci	Linteau	properNoun	fra
Brûlé	properNoun	oci	Brûlé	properNoun	fra
aureòla	noun	oci	auréole	noun	fra
Allegrini	properNoun	oci	Allegrini	properNoun	fra
occitanocatalan	adjective	oci	occitanocatalan	adjective	fra
immobilizat	adjective	oci	immobilisé	adjective	fra
Gari	properNoun	oci	Gari	properNoun	fra
Alperi	properNoun	oci	Alperi	properNoun	fra
iranjariá	noun	oci	orangerie	noun	fra
sequièira	noun	oci	sécheresse	noun	fra
Cannavaro	properNoun	oci	Cannavaro	properNoun	fra
amarament	adverb	oci	amèrement	adverb	fra
associat	adjective	oci	associé	adjective	fra
decent	adjective	oci	décent	adjective	fra
Pinazo	properNoun	oci	Pinazo	properNoun	fra
Arrizabalaga	properNoun	oci	Arrizabalaga	properNoun	fra
Manuela	properNoun	oci	Manuela	properNoun	fra
Aldoma	properNoun	oci	Aldoma	properNoun	fra
substancialament	adverb	oci	substantiellement	adverb	fra
corsilhar	verb	oci	considérer	verb	fra
corsilhar	verb	oci	envisager	verb	fra
Tumino	properNoun	oci	Tumino	properNoun	fra
positivista	noun	oci	positiviste	noun	fra
epigastric	adjective	oci	épigastrique	adjective	fra
Matilda	properNoun	oci	Mathilde	properNoun	fra
Matilda	properNoun	oci	Matilda	properNoun	fra
membranós	adjective	oci	membraneux	adjective	fra
memorial	noun	oci	mémorial	noun	fra
Silvia	properNoun	oci	Silvia	properNoun	fra
fotofòn	noun	oci	photophone	noun	fra
preferible	adjective	oci	préférable	adjective	fra
Sens	properNoun	oci	Sens	properNoun	fra
licean	noun	oci	lycéen	noun	fra
Donnedieu	properNoun	oci	Donnedieu	properNoun	fra
orientacion	noun	oci	orientation	noun	fra
anonimament	adverb	oci	anonymement	adverb	fra
loseròt	noun	oci	Lozérien	noun	fra
Rodin	properNoun	oci	Rodin	properNoun	fra
Monge	properNoun	oci	Monge	properNoun	fra
falda	noun	oci	giron	noun	fra
malastrós	noun	oci	malheureux	noun	fra
Sacchi	properNoun	oci	Sacchi	properNoun	fra
Laos	properNoun	oci	Laos	properNoun	fra
Rothschild	properNoun	oci	Rothschild	properNoun	fra
totèm	noun	oci	totem	noun	fra
grifon	noun	oci	robinet	noun	fra
Seminaro	properNoun	oci	Seminaro	properNoun	fra
perplexitat	noun	oci	perplexité	noun	fra
Viaron	properNoun	oci	Viaron	properNoun	fra
alhet	noun	oci	ail	noun	fra
Montcorbau	properNoun	oci	Montcorbau	properNoun	fra
Donnelly	properNoun	oci	Donnelly	properNoun	fra
ospitalitat	noun	oci	hospitalité	noun	fra
inexperimentat	adjective	oci	inexpérimenté	adjective	fra
solid	adjective	oci	sûr	adjective	fra
solid	adjective	oci	certain	adjective	fra
solid	adjective	oci	solide	adjective	fra
Siscart	properNoun	oci	Siscart	properNoun	fra
Patton	properNoun	oci	Patton	properNoun	fra
còrs	adjective	oci	corse	adjective	fra
Crisp	properNoun	oci	Crisp	properNoun	fra
España	properNoun	oci	España	properNoun	fra
Melina	properNoun	oci	Melina	properNoun	fra
mendicitat	noun	oci	mendicité	noun	fra
Russia	properNoun	oci	Russie	properNoun	fra
Djokovic	properNoun	oci	Djokovic	properNoun	fra
Arrones	properNoun	oci	Arrones	properNoun	fra
filmic	adjective	oci	filmique	adjective	fra
nocion	noun	oci	notion	noun	fra
Agrícola	properNoun	oci	Agrícola	properNoun	fra
sicilian	noun	oci	sicilien	noun	fra
Désy	properNoun	oci	Désy	properNoun	fra
Dawkins	properNoun	oci	Dawkins	properNoun	fra
antifòna	noun	oci	antienne	noun	fra
nèisher	verb	oci	naître	verb	fra
Qatar	properNoun	oci	Qatar	properNoun	fra
Borgia	properNoun	oci	Borgia	properNoun	fra
Tejedor	properNoun	oci	Tejedor	properNoun	fra
ideal	noun	oci	idéal	noun	fra
matisar	verb	oci	nuancer	verb	fra
Mayol	properNoun	oci	Mayol	properNoun	fra
successor	adjective	oci	successeur	adjective	fra
Moquin	properNoun	oci	Moquin	properNoun	fra
11n	adjective	oci	11ème	adjective	fra
Monteso	properNoun	oci	Monteso	properNoun	fra
Escudé	properNoun	oci	Escudé	properNoun	fra
piton	noun	oci	piton	noun	fra
Mas-Castellane	properNoun	oci	Mas-Castellane	properNoun	fra
Descanzo	properNoun	oci	Descanzo	properNoun	fra
Iñurrategi	properNoun	oci	Iñurrategi	properNoun	fra
Niklas	properNoun	oci	Niklas	properNoun	fra
plebiscit	noun	oci	plébiscite	noun	fra
renegociar	verb	oci	renégocier	verb	fra
fendilha	noun	oci	crevasse	noun	fra
biometria	noun	oci	biométrie	noun	fra
troian	adjective	oci	troyen	adjective	fra
Wheeler	properNoun	oci	Wheeler	properNoun	fra
Lejeune	properNoun	oci	Lejeune	properNoun	fra
Maresma	properNoun	oci	Maresma	properNoun	fra
confraire	noun	oci	confrère	noun	fra
cadalièch	noun	oci	châlit	noun	fra
proximitat	noun	oci	proximité	noun	fra
redond	noun	oci	rond	noun	fra
Selby	properNoun	oci	Selby	properNoun	fra
Morlans	properNoun	oci	Morlans	properNoun	fra
nòrd-èst	noun	oci	nord-est	noun	fra
Negro	properNoun	oci	Negro	properNoun	fra
Cristal	properNoun	oci	Cristal	properNoun	fra
vigorós	adjective	oci	vigoureux	adjective	fra
Cruces	properNoun	oci	Cruces	properNoun	fra
inversemblant	adjective	oci	invraisemblable	adjective	fra
CDU	noun	oci	CDU	noun	fra
Lituània	properNoun	oci	Lituanie	properNoun	fra
peristil	noun	oci	péristyle	noun	fra
ramada	noun	oci	ramée	noun	fra
Bazinet	properNoun	oci	Bazinet	properNoun	fra
davant	adverb	oci	devant	adverb	fra
Salloum	properNoun	oci	Salloum	properNoun	fra
Masana	properNoun	oci	Masana	properNoun	fra
von Lützow	properNoun	oci	von Lützow	properNoun	fra
alcoòl	noun	oci	alcool	noun	fra
Aldalur	properNoun	oci	Aldalur	properNoun	fra
justificatiu	adjective	oci	justificatif	adjective	fra
excusable	adjective	oci	excusable	adjective	fra
trempe	adjective	oci	mouillé	adjective	fra
turc	adjective	oci	turc	adjective	fra
anestesic	adjective	oci	anesthésique	adjective	fra
abandonament	noun	oci	abandon	noun	fra
Raffaele	properNoun	oci	Raffaele	properNoun	fra
desalterar	verb	oci	désaltérer	verb	fra
Alès	properNoun	oci	Alès	properNoun	fra
Andreiev	properNoun	oci	Andreev	properNoun	fra
compromés	adjective	oci	compromis	adjective	fra
efièch	noun	oci	effet	noun	fra
Happyjack	properNoun	oci	Happyjack	properNoun	fra
Rémy	properNoun	oci	Rémy	properNoun	fra
silici	noun	oci	silicium	noun	fra
Famicom	properNoun	oci	Famicom	properNoun	fra
Antartic	properNoun	oci	Antarctique	properNoun	fra
cataracta	noun	oci	cataracte	noun	fra
Limón	properNoun	oci	Limón	properNoun	fra
antologic	adjective	oci	anthologique	adjective	fra
servir	verb	oci	servir	verb	fra
imperialista	noun	oci	impérialiste	noun	fra
Gallén	properNoun	oci	Gallén	properNoun	fra
Adélaïde	properNoun	oci	Adélaïde	properNoun	fra
agotar	verb	oci	tarir	verb	fra
agotar	verb	oci	épuiser	verb	fra
Vilaregut	properNoun	oci	Vilaregut	properNoun	fra
Allam	properNoun	oci	Allam	properNoun	fra
papièr	noun	oci	papier	noun	fra
sard	noun	oci	sarde	noun	fra
aptèr	adjective	oci	aptère	adjective	fra
Sidibe	properNoun	oci	Sidibe	properNoun	fra
esferic	adjective	oci	sphérique	adjective	fra
percaçar	verb	oci	pourchasser	verb	fra
obrir	verb	oci	ouvrir	verb	fra
perfècte	adjective	oci	parfait	adjective	fra
estronci	noun	oci	strontium	noun	fra
recapitular	verb	oci	récapituler	verb	fra
Lujan	properNoun	oci	Lujan	properNoun	fra
pentent	adjective	oci	repentant	adjective	fra
abril	noun	oci	avril	noun	fra
Moussaoui	properNoun	oci	Moussaoui	properNoun	fra
fix	adjective	oci	fixe	adjective	fra
Munro	properNoun	oci	Munro	properNoun	fra
Mozart	properNoun	oci	Mozart	properNoun	fra
contribucion	noun	oci	contribution	noun	fra
inacabat	adjective	oci	inachevé	adjective	fra
margue	noun	oci	manche	noun	fra
pacifista	adjective	oci	pacifiste	adjective	fra
necessàriament	adverb	oci	nécessairement	adverb	fra
Nunes	properNoun	oci	Nunes	properNoun	fra
intoxicacion	noun	oci	intoxication	noun	fra
eslovèn	adjective	oci	slovène	adjective	fra
microbian	adjective	oci	microbien	adjective	fra
anticambra	noun	oci	antichambre	noun	fra
Sampras	properNoun	oci	Sampras	properNoun	fra
antiaerian	adjective	oci	antiaérien	adjective	fra
Yeung	properNoun	oci	Yeung	properNoun	fra
desembre	noun	oci	décembre	noun	fra
Marcano	properNoun	oci	Marcano	properNoun	fra
Deragon	properNoun	oci	Deragon	properNoun	fra
Vigil	properNoun	oci	Vigil	properNoun	fra
Gardner	properNoun	oci	Gardner	properNoun	fra
Ancash	properNoun	oci	Ancash	properNoun	fra
Delétoile	properNoun	oci	Delétoile	properNoun	fra
felicitacion	noun	oci	félicitation	noun	fra
Euler	properNoun	oci	Euler	properNoun	fra
deficiéncia	noun	oci	déficience	noun	fra
recreatiu	adjective	oci	récréatif	adjective	fra
Vermeulen	properNoun	oci	Vermeulen	properNoun	fra
Mick	properNoun	oci	Mick	properNoun	fra
Anguera	properNoun	oci	Anguera	properNoun	fra
estabilizar	verb	oci	stabiliser	verb	fra
esvitar	verb	oci	éviter	verb	fra
Sorroche	properNoun	oci	Sorroche	properNoun	fra
ejacular	verb	oci	éjaculer	verb	fra
Aosta	properNoun	oci	Aoste	properNoun	fra
Buesa	properNoun	oci	Buesa	properNoun	fra
Tyson	properNoun	oci	Tyson	properNoun	fra
hóner	verb	oci	fondre	verb	fra
zincifèr	adjective	oci	zincifère	adjective	fra
Genovés	properNoun	oci	Genovés	properNoun	fra
ceterac	noun	oci	cétérach	noun	fra
sufragi	noun	oci	suffrage	noun	fra
Pinyol	properNoun	oci	Pinyol	properNoun	fra
Giráldez	properNoun	oci	Giráldez	properNoun	fra
Primièra Guèrra Mondiala	properNoun	oci	Première Guerre mondiale	properNoun	fra
secutar	verb	oci	harasser	verb	fra
espion	noun	oci	espion	noun	fra
Morelló	properNoun	oci	Morelló	properNoun	fra
geofisic	adjective	oci	géophysique	adjective	fra
Deslippe	properNoun	oci	Deslippe	properNoun	fra
Newton	properNoun	oci	Newton	properNoun	fra
Sheehan	properNoun	oci	Sheehan	properNoun	fra
narcotic	noun	oci	narcotique	noun	fra
catalanisme	noun	oci	catalanisme	noun	fra
Lecouteur	properNoun	oci	Lecouteur	properNoun	fra
complet	adjective	oci	complet	adjective	fra
environament	noun	oci	environnement	noun	fra
vuechanta cinc	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-cinq	numeral	fra
esborrar	verb	oci	effacer	verb	fra
Monfort	properNoun	oci	Monfort	properNoun	fra
ronda	noun	oci	ronde	noun	fra
ratapenada	noun	oci	chauve-souris	noun	fra
discret	adjective	oci	discret	adjective	fra
Vince	properNoun	oci	Vince	properNoun	fra
intercalar	verb	oci	intercaler	verb	fra
Akim	properNoun	oci	Akim	properNoun	fra
Calbetó	properNoun	oci	Calbetó	properNoun	fra
esplendor	noun	oci	splendeur	noun	fra
telaria	noun	oci	lingerie	noun	fra
Yonium	properNoun	oci	Yonium	properNoun	fra
forfait	noun	oci	forfait	noun	fra
Belategi	properNoun	oci	Belategi	properNoun	fra
Anouk	properNoun	oci	Anouk	properNoun	fra
ritme	noun	oci	rythme	noun	fra
mirliton	noun	oci	mirliton	noun	fra
Mackay	properNoun	oci	Mackay	properNoun	fra
Herce	properNoun	oci	Herce	properNoun	fra
trionf	noun	oci	triomphe	noun	fra
aufriment	noun	oci	offre	noun	fra
Kévin	properNoun	oci	Kévin	properNoun	fra
Vadnais	properNoun	oci	Vadnais	properNoun	fra
cirurgian	noun	oci	chirurgien	noun	fra
José Antonio	properNoun	oci	José Antonio	properNoun	fra
Roddenberry	properNoun	oci	Roddenberry	properNoun	fra
vaccinacion	noun	oci	vaccination	noun	fra
causir	verb	oci	choisir	verb	fra
correspóner	verb	oci	correspondre	verb	fra
Yates	properNoun	oci	Yates	properNoun	fra
pressentir	verb	oci	pressentir	verb	fra
ficcion	noun	oci	fiction	noun	fra
Gwened	properNoun	oci	Vannes	properNoun	fra
Sobieski	properNoun	oci	Sobieski	properNoun	fra
rosigar	verb	oci	ronger	verb	fra
Jaldo	properNoun	oci	Jaldo	properNoun	fra
Silvestre	properNoun	oci	Silvestre	properNoun	fra
enemic	adjective	oci	ennemi	adjective	fra
Mondésir	properNoun	oci	Mondésir	properNoun	fra
obèrtament	adverb	oci	ouvertement	adverb	fra
diccion	noun	oci	diction	noun	fra
Yeager	properNoun	oci	Yeager	properNoun	fra
electrician	noun	oci	électricien	noun	fra
contractualament	adverb	oci	contractuellement	adverb	fra
Barsalou	properNoun	oci	Barsalou	properNoun	fra
Gianfranco	properNoun	oci	Gianfranco	properNoun	fra
Estadella	properNoun	oci	Estadella	properNoun	fra
ambientar	verb	oci	situer	verb	fra
miugrana	noun	oci	grenade	noun	fra
Mondale	properNoun	oci	Mondale	properNoun	fra
Recine	properNoun	oci	Recine	properNoun	fra
Cervantes	properNoun	oci	Cervantes	properNoun	fra
McAulay	properNoun	oci	McAulay	properNoun	fra
mosaïc	adjective	oci	mosaïque	adjective	fra
Kremnitz	properNoun	oci	Kremnitz	properNoun	fra
contunhar	verb	oci	continuer	verb	fra
Javaloyes	properNoun	oci	Javaloyes	properNoun	fra
Verdet	properNoun	oci	Verdet	properNoun	fra
Carsi	properNoun	oci	Carsi	properNoun	fra
Irving	properNoun	oci	Irving	properNoun	fra
garia	noun	oci	poule	noun	fra
governant	adjective	oci	gouvernant	adjective	fra
Huesca	properNoun	oci	Huesca	properNoun	fra
idiocia	noun	oci	idiotie	noun	fra
diabolic	adjective	oci	diabolique	adjective	fra
poliestèr	noun	oci	polyester	noun	fra
Segalés	properNoun	oci	Segalés	properNoun	fra
acomodar	verb	oci	accommoder	verb	fra
Explorer	properNoun	oci	Explorer	properNoun	fra
desacòrdi	noun	oci	désaccord	noun	fra
Daher	properNoun	oci	Daher	properNoun	fra
desmilitarizar	verb	oci	démilitariser	verb	fra
panturla	noun	oci	cocotte	noun	fra
Grégoire	properNoun	oci	Grégoire	properNoun	fra
vutre	noun	oci	vautour	noun	fra
Catalán	properNoun	oci	Catalán	properNoun	fra
monogenisme	noun	oci	monogénisme	noun	fra
adoptar	verb	oci	adopter	verb	fra
denonciacion	noun	oci	dénonciation	noun	fra
Lamanque	properNoun	oci	Lamanque	properNoun	fra
aresta	noun	oci	arête	noun	fra
de Valois	properNoun	oci	de Valois	properNoun	fra
intervocalic	adjective	oci	intervocalique	adjective	fra
Basco	properNoun	oci	Basco	properNoun	fra
creserèl	adjective	oci	crédule	adjective	fra
psicològ	noun	oci	psychologue	noun	fra
integritat	noun	oci	intégrité	noun	fra
Pete	properNoun	oci	Pete	properNoun	fra
Romul	properNoun	oci	Romulus	properNoun	fra
Tisserant	properNoun	oci	Tisserant	properNoun	fra
demandar	verb	oci	demander	verb	fra
Burrows	properNoun	oci	Burrows	properNoun	fra
Szeto	properNoun	oci	Szeto	properNoun	fra
acordeon	noun	oci	accordéon	noun	fra
Rosal	properNoun	oci	Rosal	properNoun	fra
Bringué	properNoun	oci	Bringué	properNoun	fra
secretari	noun	oci	secrétaire	noun	fra
tiranizar	verb	oci	tyranniser	verb	fra
Carda	properNoun	oci	Carda	properNoun	fra
cacaròca	noun	oci	cocotte	noun	fra
aliar	verb	oci	allier	verb	fra
inumar	verb	oci	inhumer	verb	fra
Turmel	properNoun	oci	Turmel	properNoun	fra
Renée	properNoun	oci	Renée	properNoun	fra
Estepa	properNoun	oci	Estepa	properNoun	fra
Gentes	properNoun	oci	Gentes	properNoun	fra
repentent	adjective	oci	repentant	adjective	fra
aulor	noun	oci	odeur	noun	fra
Blanes	properNoun	oci	Blanes	properNoun	fra
Goodleaf	properNoun	oci	Goodleaf	properNoun	fra
urinari	adjective	oci	urinaire	adjective	fra
Bobadilla	properNoun	oci	Bobadilla	properNoun	fra
osteopatia	noun	oci	ostéopathie	noun	fra
Castillón	properNoun	oci	Castillón	properNoun	fra
vielhir	verb	oci	vieillir	verb	fra
Acropòli	properNoun	oci	Acropole	properNoun	fra
Camp Nou	properNoun	oci	Camp Nou	properNoun	fra
dinastic	adjective	oci	dynastique	adjective	fra
Whitton	properNoun	oci	Whitton	properNoun	fra
Diraddo	properNoun	oci	Diraddo	properNoun	fra
Ceccherelli	properNoun	oci	Ceccherelli	properNoun	fra
Ilaria	properNoun	oci	Ilaria	properNoun	fra
Gertruda	properNoun	oci	Gertruda	properNoun	fra
mòrt	noun	oci	mort	noun	fra
bagatèla	noun	oci	bagatelle	noun	fra
Broutin	properNoun	oci	Broutin	properNoun	fra
Brecht	properNoun	oci	Brecht	properNoun	fra
Tineo	properNoun	oci	Tineo	properNoun	fra
istoriologia	noun	oci	historiologie	noun	fra
Habsborg	properNoun	oci	Habsbourg	properNoun	fra
Garner	properNoun	oci	Garner	properNoun	fra
Zelaya	properNoun	oci	Zelaya	properNoun	fra
irreversibilitat	noun	oci	irréversibilité	noun	fra
oliva	noun	oci	olive	noun	fra
fruch	noun	oci	fruit	noun	fra
Bragulat	properNoun	oci	Bragulat	properNoun	fra
Rudolph	properNoun	oci	Rudolph	properNoun	fra
disc	noun	oci	disque	noun	fra
intocable	noun	oci	intouchable	noun	fra
veiturar	verb	oci	voiturer	verb	fra
Estilicó	properNoun	oci	Estilicó	properNoun	fra
minoritari	adjective	oci	minoritaire	adjective	fra
variable	adjective	oci	variable	adjective	fra
Scullion	properNoun	oci	Scullion	properNoun	fra
Macy	properNoun	oci	Macy	properNoun	fra
acusatiu	adjective	oci	accusatif	adjective	fra
paure	noun	oci	pauvre	noun	fra
El Asri	properNoun	oci	El Asri	properNoun	fra
Miyazaki	properNoun	oci	Miyazaki	properNoun	fra
nèça	noun	oci	nièce	noun	fra
autonomista	adjective	oci	autonomiste	adjective	fra
boston	noun	oci	boston	noun	fra
equilibrat	adjective	oci	équilibré	adjective	fra
dejà	adverb	oci	déjà	adverb	fra
Ria	properNoun	oci	Ria	properNoun	fra
Olsen	properNoun	oci	Olsen	properNoun	fra
Renaud	properNoun	oci	Renaud	properNoun	fra
Hallie	properNoun	oci	Hallie	properNoun	fra
Pi	properNoun	oci	Pi	properNoun	fra
Casas	properNoun	oci	Casas	properNoun	fra
Custeau	properNoun	oci	Custeau	properNoun	fra
formacion	noun	oci	formation	noun	fra
UHF	noun	oci	UHF	noun	fra
agreujar	verb	oci	aggraver	verb	fra
aficha	noun	oci	affiche	noun	fra
recuperar	verb	oci	regagner	verb	fra
recuperar	verb	oci	récupérer	verb	fra
d'una autra faiçon	adverb	oci	d'autre part	adverb	fra
seichelian	adjective	oci	seychellois	adjective	fra
45n	adjective	oci	45ème	adjective	fra
abjurar	verb	oci	abjurer	verb	fra
Cesc	properNoun	oci	Cesc	properNoun	fra
expressiu	adjective	oci	expressif	adjective	fra
Laferrière	properNoun	oci	Laferrière	properNoun	fra
monofonia	noun	oci	monophonie	noun	fra
conurbacion	noun	oci	conurbation	noun	fra
Clarmont	properNoun	oci	Clermont	properNoun	fra
especificar	verb	oci	spécifier	verb	fra
lar	noun	oci	foyer	noun	fra
Barnadas	properNoun	oci	Barnadas	properNoun	fra
Sabbagh	properNoun	oci	Sabbagh	properNoun	fra
sense	preposition	oci	sans	preposition	fra
quatrin	noun	oci	quatuor	noun	fra
quatrin	noun	oci	quatrain	noun	fra
monegasc	adjective	oci	monégasque	adjective	fra
Vivar	properNoun	oci	Vivar	properNoun	fra
Ramon	properNoun	oci	Ramon	properNoun	fra
neozelandés	noun	oci	Néo-Zélandais	noun	fra
menta	noun	oci	menthe	noun	fra
Plaja	properNoun	oci	Plaja	properNoun	fra
jos l'empara de	preposition	oci	sous la protection de	preposition	fra
José	properNoun	oci	José	properNoun	fra
Menor	properNoun	oci	Menor	properNoun	fra
mors	noun	oci	mœurs	noun	fra
urós	noun	oci	heureux	noun	fra
bilion	noun	oci	billion	noun	fra
escarrabilhat	adjective	oci	éveillé	adjective	fra
escarrabilhat	adjective	oci	dégourdi	adjective	fra
Baños	properNoun	oci	Baños	properNoun	fra
interpolacion	noun	oci	interpolation	noun	fra
Aguilò	properNoun	oci	Aguilò	properNoun	fra
acrobacia	noun	oci	acrobatie	noun	fra
profetisme	noun	oci	prophétisme	noun	fra
Briceño	properNoun	oci	Briceño	properNoun	fra
Poulin	properNoun	oci	Poulin	properNoun	fra
relotjar	verb	oci	reloger	verb	fra
Espinach	properNoun	oci	Espinach	properNoun	fra
Patterson	properNoun	oci	Patterson	properNoun	fra
abondiu	adjective	oci	prodigue	adjective	fra
Zapata	properNoun	oci	Zapata	properNoun	fra
May	properNoun	oci	May	properNoun	fra
mascariá	noun	oci	sorcellerie	noun	fra
Figols	properNoun	oci	Figols	properNoun	fra
Gauguin	properNoun	oci	Gauguin	properNoun	fra
uterin	adjective	oci	utérin	adjective	fra
Houston	properNoun	oci	Houston	properNoun	fra
republican	adjective	oci	républicain	adjective	fra
Julian	properNoun	oci	Julien	properNoun	fra
Julian	properNoun	oci	Julian	properNoun	fra
aclimatar	verb	oci	acclimater	verb	fra
dilligéncia	noun	oci	diligence	noun	fra
concubin	adjective	oci	concubin	adjective	fra
cabil	adjective	oci	kabyle	adjective	fra
fitoplancton	noun	oci	phytoplancton	noun	fra
medicamentós	adjective	oci	médicamenteux	adjective	fra
Alcácer	properNoun	oci	Alcácer	properNoun	fra
Rony	properNoun	oci	Rony	properNoun	fra
subran	adverb	oci	soudain	adverb	fra
iniciacion	noun	oci	initiation	noun	fra
Azem	properNoun	oci	Azem	properNoun	fra
lolita	noun	oci	lolita	noun	fra
Vicente	properNoun	oci	Vicente	properNoun	fra
idravion	noun	oci	hydravion	noun	fra
Chicharro	properNoun	oci	Chicharro	properNoun	fra
Tavares	properNoun	oci	Tavares	properNoun	fra
Monsalve	properNoun	oci	Monsalve	properNoun	fra
regde	adjective	oci	raide	adjective	fra
Brau	properNoun	oci	Brau	properNoun	fra
Ambroise	properNoun	oci	Ambroise	properNoun	fra
Freixes	properNoun	oci	Freixes	properNoun	fra
Vertefeuille	properNoun	oci	Vertefeuille	properNoun	fra
espèctre	noun	oci	spectre	noun	fra
compliment	noun	oci	accomplissement	noun	fra
compliment	noun	oci	compliment	noun	fra
etnocentrisme	noun	oci	ethnocentrisme	noun	fra
esquèma	noun	oci	schéma	noun	fra
Rostand	properNoun	oci	Rostand	properNoun	fra
Reinoso	properNoun	oci	Reinoso	properNoun	fra
Opus Dei	properNoun	oci	Opus Dei	properNoun	fra
espaurujar	verb	oci	faire peur	verb	fra
Gasull	properNoun	oci	Gasull	properNoun	fra
Ibern	properNoun	oci	Ibern	properNoun	fra
oceanian	noun	oci	Océanien	noun	fra
Figueras	properNoun	oci	Figueras	properNoun	fra
desmaterializar	verb	oci	dématérialiser	verb	fra
Païses Basses	properNoun	oci	Pays-Bas	properNoun	fra
femur	noun	oci	fémur	noun	fra
bèba	noun	oci	moue	noun	fra
Windows	properNoun	oci	Windows	properNoun	fra
mercar	verb	oci	marquer	verb	fra
ordilha	noun	oci	guenille	noun	fra
ganh	noun	oci	gain	noun	fra
ispanista	noun	oci	hispaniste	noun	fra
autbòi	noun	oci	hautbois	noun	fra
guilhotina	noun	oci	guillotine	noun	fra
Muller	properNoun	oci	Muller	properNoun	fra
Peremarch	properNoun	oci	Peremarch	properNoun	fra
avenidor	noun	oci	avenir	noun	fra
gentilici	noun	oci	gentilé	noun	fra
Ara	properNoun	oci	Ara	properNoun	fra
olocaust	noun	oci	holocauste	noun	fra
Lanni	properNoun	oci	Lanni	properNoun	fra
ingerible	adjective	oci	ingérable	adjective	fra
cim	noun	oci	sommet	noun	fra
replecion	noun	oci	réplétion	noun	fra
Broadhurst	properNoun	oci	Broadhurst	properNoun	fra
Cianciulli	properNoun	oci	Cianciulli	properNoun	fra
Béland	properNoun	oci	Béland	properNoun	fra
Fekete	properNoun	oci	Fekete	properNoun	fra
Welburn	properNoun	oci	Welburn	properNoun	fra
invisibilitat	noun	oci	invisibilité	noun	fra
sable	noun	oci	sable	noun	fra
etnia	noun	oci	ethnie	noun	fra
salari	noun	oci	salaire	noun	fra
pelejada	noun	oci	querelle	noun	fra
Liñán	properNoun	oci	Liñán	properNoun	fra
ligat	adjective	oci	lié	adjective	fra
encefalic	adjective	oci	encéphalique	adjective	fra
Rizo	properNoun	oci	Rizo	properNoun	fra
Alvarado	properNoun	oci	Alvarado	properNoun	fra
mairastra	noun	oci	marâtre	noun	fra
Lapre	properNoun	oci	Lapre	properNoun	fra
har	verb	oci	faire	verb	fra
cigarreta	noun	oci	cigarette	noun	fra
esperrecar	verb	oci	déchirer	verb	fra
Dini	properNoun	oci	Dini	properNoun	fra
Papoasia	properNoun	oci	Papouasie	properNoun	fra
sinaptic	adjective	oci	synaptique	adjective	fra
Pereda	properNoun	oci	Pereda	properNoun	fra
depreciatiu	adjective	oci	dépréciatif	adjective	fra
codicologia	noun	oci	codicologie	noun	fra
carbonizar	verb	oci	carboniser	verb	fra
Lalancette	properNoun	oci	Lalancette	properNoun	fra
ben	adverb	oci	bien	adverb	fra
Bergman	properNoun	oci	Bergman	properNoun	fra
dispersar	verb	oci	disperser	verb	fra
Kanteh	properNoun	oci	Kanteh	properNoun	fra
Laboissonnière	properNoun	oci	Laboissonnière	properNoun	fra
Surette	properNoun	oci	Surette	properNoun	fra
indigestion	noun	oci	indigestion	noun	fra
Conesa	properNoun	oci	Conesa	properNoun	fra
cadéncia	noun	oci	cadence	noun	fra
Devries	properNoun	oci	Devries	properNoun	fra
Fedora	properNoun	oci	Fedora	properNoun	fra
lèuda	noun	oci	octroi	noun	fra
Amorós	properNoun	oci	Amorós	properNoun	fra
reguard	noun	oci	regard	noun	fra
despuòi	adverb	oci	depuis	adverb	fra
Dupéré	properNoun	oci	Dupéré	properNoun	fra
Ribbentrop	properNoun	oci	Ribbentrop	properNoun	fra
Agirretxe	properNoun	oci	Agirretxe	properNoun	fra
He	properNoun	oci	He	properNoun	fra
eterodoxia	noun	oci	hétérodoxie	noun	fra
Leung	properNoun	oci	Leung	properNoun	fra
mantenement	noun	oci	maintien	noun	fra
mantenement	noun	oci	entretien	noun	fra
Lebrun	properNoun	oci	Lebrun	properNoun	fra
òme	noun	oci	homme	noun	fra
al cap de	preposition	oci	au bout de	preposition	fra
capitar	verb	oci	réussir	verb	fra
grasa	noun	oci	marche	noun	fra
prunièr	noun	oci	prunier	noun	fra
Luz	properNoun	oci	Luz	properNoun	fra
Esteva	properNoun	oci	Esteva	properNoun	fra
epifenomèn	noun	oci	épiphénomène	noun	fra
alienable	adjective	oci	aliénable	adjective	fra
Bigas	properNoun	oci	Bigas	properNoun	fra
Penadés	properNoun	oci	Penadés	properNoun	fra
presomptiu	adjective	oci	présomptif	adjective	fra
monarquia	noun	oci	monarchie	noun	fra
palestinian	adjective	oci	palestinien	adjective	fra
Shell	properNoun	oci	Shell	properNoun	fra
per fin que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	afin que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
gloriós	adjective	oci	glorieux	adjective	fra
gloriós	adjective	oci	vaniteux	adjective	fra
personatge	noun	oci	personnage	noun	fra
Coso	properNoun	oci	Coso	properNoun	fra
Leboeuf	properNoun	oci	Leboeuf	properNoun	fra
Delledonne	properNoun	oci	Delledonne	properNoun	fra
lecar	verb	oci	lécher	verb	fra
camèlia	noun	oci	camélia	noun	fra
Hala	properNoun	oci	Hala	properNoun	fra
Silveira	properNoun	oci	Silveira	properNoun	fra
Cruselles	properNoun	oci	Cruselles	properNoun	fra
colorum	noun	oci	coloris	noun	fra
Sauber	properNoun	oci	Sauber	properNoun	fra
malastrada	noun	oci	malheur	noun	fra
vocatiu	noun	oci	vocatif	noun	fra
Bonds	properNoun	oci	Bonds	properNoun	fra
vauclusenc	noun	oci	Vauclusien	noun	fra
crudèlament	adverb	oci	cruellement	adverb	fra
Gijón	properNoun	oci	Gijón	properNoun	fra
carar	verb	oci	taire	verb	fra
Fradette	properNoun	oci	Fradette	properNoun	fra
Rose	properNoun	oci	Rose	properNoun	fra
Gül	properNoun	oci	Gül	properNoun	fra
Papoa	properNoun	oci	Papouasie	properNoun	fra
Touzel	properNoun	oci	Touzel	properNoun	fra
Alibèrt	properNoun	oci	Alibèrt	properNoun	fra
Everett	properNoun	oci	Everett	properNoun	fra
Bunyan	properNoun	oci	Bunyan	properNoun	fra
ametabòl	adjective	oci	amétabole	adjective	fra
nicaragüenc	adjective	oci	nicaraguayen	adjective	fra
crentós	noun	oci	pusillanime	noun	fra
Llúria	properNoun	oci	Llúria	properNoun	fra
Choinière	properNoun	oci	Choinière	properNoun	fra
catalisi	noun	oci	catalyse	noun	fra
Bercy	properNoun	oci	Bercy	properNoun	fra
paramètre	noun	oci	paramètre	noun	fra
Barberá	properNoun	oci	Barberá	properNoun	fra
bruèis	noun	oci	sorcier	noun	fra
triar	verb	oci	trier	verb	fra
odontologia	noun	oci	odontologie	noun	fra
Abigail	properNoun	oci	Abigail	properNoun	fra
OTAN	noun	oci	OTAN	noun	fra
Donofrio	properNoun	oci	Donofrio	properNoun	fra
macroeconomic	adjective	oci	macroéconomique	adjective	fra
Bodon	properNoun	oci	Boudou	properNoun	fra
Lanciault	properNoun	oci	Lanciault	properNoun	fra
somnoléncia	noun	oci	somnolence	noun	fra
Simone	properNoun	oci	Simone	properNoun	fra
agulhon	noun	oci	aiguillon	noun	fra
equatoguinean	adjective	oci	équatoguinéen	adjective	fra
von Bülow	properNoun	oci	von Bülow	properNoun	fra
Chaïkovskii	properNoun	oci	Tchaïkovski	properNoun	fra
pistil	noun	oci	pistil	noun	fra
liquidar	verb	oci	liquider	verb	fra
Orbán	properNoun	oci	Orbán	properNoun	fra
von Tischendorf	properNoun	oci	von Tischendorf	properNoun	fra
oculista	noun	oci	oculiste	noun	fra
Rocamora	properNoun	oci	Rocamora	properNoun	fra
nosible	adjective	oci	nuisible	adjective	fra
filtracion	noun	oci	filtration	noun	fra
substantiu	adjective	oci	substantif	adjective	fra
Möbius	properNoun	oci	Möbius	properNoun	fra
Balcans	properNoun	oci	Balkans	properNoun	fra
londonenc	noun	oci	Londonien	noun	fra
gant	noun	oci	gant	noun	fra
Baldaquí	properNoun	oci	Baldaquí	properNoun	fra
Stanwyck	properNoun	oci	Stanwyck	properNoun	fra
Frison	properNoun	oci	Frison	properNoun	fra
mortal	noun	oci	mortel	noun	fra
Zavaleta	properNoun	oci	Zavaleta	properNoun	fra
conjecturar	verb	oci	conjecturer	verb	fra
Boulay	properNoun	oci	Boulay	properNoun	fra
Clouâtre	properNoun	oci	Clouâtre	properNoun	fra
Parreño	properNoun	oci	Parreño	properNoun	fra
Willard	properNoun	oci	Willard	properNoun	fra
Esparta	properNoun	oci	Sparte	properNoun	fra
desrevelhat	adjective	oci	réveillé	adjective	fra
moçambiqués	noun	oci	Mozambicain	noun	fra
Lluis	properNoun	oci	Lluis	properNoun	fra
Timboctó	properNoun	oci	Tombouctou	properNoun	fra
culminar	verb	oci	culminer	verb	fra
culminar	verb	oci	terminer	verb	fra
acid	adjective	oci	acide	adjective	fra
El Idrissi	properNoun	oci	El Idrissi	properNoun	fra
adjuvant	noun	oci	adjuvant	noun	fra
derrotar	verb	oci	abattre	verb	fra
Nintendo DS	properNoun	oci	Nintendo DS	properNoun	fra
lag	adjective	oci	laid	adjective	fra
Sobrino	properNoun	oci	Sobrino	properNoun	fra
reina	noun	oci	reine	noun	fra
Bossòst	properNoun	oci	Bossòst	properNoun	fra
ginjorlièr	noun	oci	jujubier	noun	fra
arborescent	adjective	oci	arborescent	adjective	fra
Pedraz	properNoun	oci	Pedraz	properNoun	fra
miei	noun	oci	milieu	noun	fra
Tarzan	properNoun	oci	Tarzan	properNoun	fra
Hackett	properNoun	oci	Hackett	properNoun	fra
Naut Karabagh	properNoun	oci	Haut-Karabagh	properNoun	fra
descéner	verb	oci	descendre	verb	fra
Horth	properNoun	oci	Horth	properNoun	fra
londinenc	adjective	oci	londonien	adjective	fra
Barber	properNoun	oci	Barber	properNoun	fra
Via	properNoun	oci	Via	properNoun	fra
avalar	verb	oci	avaliser	verb	fra
avenent	noun	oci	avenant	noun	fra
admetre	verb	oci	admettre	verb	fra
Buda	properNoun	oci	Buda	properNoun	fra
Teba	properNoun	oci	Teba	properNoun	fra
Bauzà	properNoun	oci	Bauzà	properNoun	fra
a las pòrtas de	preposition	oci	aux portes de	preposition	fra
Llavería	properNoun	oci	Llavería	properNoun	fra
torn	noun	oci	tour	noun	fra
ozbèc	noun	oci	ouzbek	noun	fra
integralitat	noun	oci	intégralité	noun	fra
bombarda	noun	oci	bombarde	noun	fra
elitista	adjective	oci	élitiste	adjective	fra
exemplar	adjective	oci	exemplaire	adjective	fra
convergent	adjective	oci	convergent	adjective	fra
Manny	properNoun	oci	Manny	properNoun	fra
blocatge	noun	oci	blocage	noun	fra
Cocteau	properNoun	oci	Cocteau	properNoun	fra
militar	noun	oci	militaire	noun	fra
Macaluso	properNoun	oci	Macaluso	properNoun	fra
providéncia	noun	oci	providence	noun	fra
Quiñones	properNoun	oci	Quiñones	properNoun	fra
Lucía	properNoun	oci	Lucía	properNoun	fra
Leyva	properNoun	oci	Leyva	properNoun	fra
macedonian	noun	oci	macédonien	noun	fra
Lacoursière	properNoun	oci	Lacoursière	properNoun	fra
corista	noun	oci	choriste	noun	fra
demasiat	adjective	oci	excessif	adjective	fra
Begoña	properNoun	oci	Begoña	properNoun	fra
Rosanna	properNoun	oci	Rosanna	properNoun	fra
Fripp	properNoun	oci	Fripp	properNoun	fra
Fernández i Bozal	properNoun	oci	Fernández i Bozal	properNoun	fra
balsamic	adjective	oci	balsamique	adjective	fra
Henson	properNoun	oci	Henson	properNoun	fra
Coscollá	properNoun	oci	Coscollá	properNoun	fra
racar	verb	oci	vomir	verb	fra
metonimia	noun	oci	métonymie	noun	fra
Juvanteny	properNoun	oci	Juvanteny	properNoun	fra
globular	adjective	oci	globulaire	adjective	fra
sinestesia	noun	oci	synesthésie	noun	fra
agarrir	verb	oci	agresser	verb	fra
trenta nau	numeral	oci	quarante-neuf	numeral	fra
rèisha	noun	oci	grille	noun	fra
conjontura	noun	oci	conjoncture	noun	fra
Maragall	properNoun	oci	Maragall	properNoun	fra
vuechanta quatre	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-quatre	numeral	fra
Pasqua	properNoun	oci	Pasqua	properNoun	fra
Matarredona	properNoun	oci	Matarredona	properNoun	fra
construccion	noun	oci	construction	noun	fra
dètz-e-uèit	numeral	oci	dix-huit	numeral	fra
Gómez	properNoun	oci	Gómez	properNoun	fra
arbitrari	adjective	oci	arbitraire	adjective	fra
Payeur	properNoun	oci	Payeur	properNoun	fra
mòir	verb	oci	mouvoir	verb	fra
Létang	properNoun	oci	Létang	properNoun	fra
erpetologia	noun	oci	herpétologie	noun	fra
Boivin	properNoun	oci	Boivin	properNoun	fra
Montalbán	properNoun	oci	Montalbán	properNoun	fra
cinèma	noun	oci	cinéma	noun	fra
indiferenciar	verb	oci	indifférencier	verb	fra
ribièira	noun	oci	rivière	noun	fra
copon	noun	oci	coupon	noun	fra
espionatge	noun	oci	espionnage	noun	fra
Goirizelaia	properNoun	oci	Goirizelaia	properNoun	fra
despièch	noun	oci	dépit	noun	fra
Jules	properNoun	oci	Jules	properNoun	fra
avantatge	noun	oci	avantage	noun	fra
infusòri	noun	oci	infusoire	noun	fra
Duchemin	properNoun	oci	Duchemin	properNoun	fra
Ribera	properNoun	oci	Ribera	properNoun	fra
Gauss	properNoun	oci	Gauss	properNoun	fra
activar	verb	oci	activer	verb	fra
activar	verb	oci	déclencher	verb	fra
van Orden	properNoun	oci	van Orden	properNoun	fra
succession	noun	oci	succession	noun	fra
Ballestero	properNoun	oci	Ballestero	properNoun	fra
Criado	properNoun	oci	Criado	properNoun	fra
Neira	properNoun	oci	Neira	properNoun	fra
Nolin	properNoun	oci	Nolin	properNoun	fra
plus	noun	oci	plus	noun	fra
Oteros	properNoun	oci	Oteros	properNoun	fra
Bety	properNoun	oci	Bety	properNoun	fra
seichelian	noun	oci	Seychellois	noun	fra
Savaria	properNoun	oci	Savaria	properNoun	fra
de Lima	properNoun	oci	de Lima	properNoun	fra
concedir	verb	oci	concéder	verb	fra
invariant	noun	oci	invariant	noun	fra
Isèra	properNoun	oci	Isère	properNoun	fra
Plutarc	properNoun	oci	Plutarque	properNoun	fra
Odissèa	properNoun	oci	Odyssée	properNoun	fra
Bolena	properNoun	oci	Bolena	properNoun	fra
valva	noun	oci	valve	noun	fra
Albania	properNoun	oci	Albanie	properNoun	fra
fisioterapia	noun	oci	physiothérapie	noun	fra
Salman	properNoun	oci	Salman	properNoun	fra
ancèstre	noun	oci	ancêtre	noun	fra
Cayley	properNoun	oci	Cayley	properNoun	fra
Monzo	properNoun	oci	Monzo	properNoun	fra
regionalista	adjective	oci	régionaliste	adjective	fra
Fourquet	properNoun	oci	Fourquet	properNoun	fra
Calafell	properNoun	oci	Calafell	properNoun	fra
Centre	properNoun	oci	Centre	properNoun	fra
Fortis	properNoun	oci	Fortis	properNoun	fra
referendari	adjective	oci	référendaire	adjective	fra
Preixéns	properNoun	oci	Preixéns	properNoun	fra
Cahill	properNoun	oci	Cahill	properNoun	fra
mediterranèu	adjective	oci	méditerranéen	adjective	fra
nonanta sèt	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-dix-sept	numeral	fra
populista	adjective	oci	populiste	adjective	fra
Mageau	properNoun	oci	Mageau	properNoun	fra
caotic	adjective	oci	chaotique	adjective	fra
genibrièr	noun	oci	genévrier	noun	fra
tangenta	noun	oci	tangente	noun	fra
sillogisme	noun	oci	syllogisme	noun	fra
divisible	adjective	oci	divisible	adjective	fra
Platero	properNoun	oci	Platero	properNoun	fra
estornèl	noun	oci	étourneau	noun	fra
anatomista	noun	oci	anatomiste	noun	fra
ranc	adjective	oci	boiteux	adjective	fra
Schanck	properNoun	oci	Schanck	properNoun	fra
pata	noun	oci	patte	noun	fra
Mengual	properNoun	oci	Mengual	properNoun	fra
enviament	noun	oci	envoi	noun	fra
restituir	verb	oci	restituer	verb	fra
Baena	properNoun	oci	Baena	properNoun	fra
Villacampa	properNoun	oci	Villacampa	properNoun	fra
finançar	verb	oci	financer	verb	fra
Sicart	properNoun	oci	Sicart	properNoun	fra
Carnicero	properNoun	oci	Carnicero	properNoun	fra
metamorfic	adjective	oci	métamorphique	adjective	fra
Worthington	properNoun	oci	Worthington	properNoun	fra
Fortuño	properNoun	oci	Fortuño	properNoun	fra
O'Donnell	properNoun	oci	O'Donnell	properNoun	fra
Legris	properNoun	oci	Legris	properNoun	fra
avar	noun	oci	avare	noun	fra
nominatiu	adjective	oci	nominatif	adjective	fra
mediador	adjective	oci	médiateur	adjective	fra
Maddalena	properNoun	oci	Maddalena	properNoun	fra
Haskell	properNoun	oci	Haskell	properNoun	fra
Maalouf	properNoun	oci	Maalouf	properNoun	fra
volontari	noun	oci	volontaire	noun	fra
Gonzálvez	properNoun	oci	Gonzálvez	properNoun	fra
Fargas	properNoun	oci	Fargas	properNoun	fra
assajar	verb	oci	essayer	verb	fra
avançat	adjective	oci	avancé	adjective	fra
Jèp	properNoun	oci	Jèp	properNoun	fra
Clavell	properNoun	oci	Clavell	properNoun	fra
analista	noun	oci	analyste	noun	fra
Echepares	properNoun	oci	Echepares	properNoun	fra
figuièira	noun	oci	figuier	noun	fra
cromatic	adjective	oci	chromatique	adjective	fra
Alcaraz	properNoun	oci	Alcaraz	properNoun	fra
Lambert	properNoun	oci	Lambert	properNoun	fra
interjectiu	adjective	oci	interjectif	adjective	fra
Monsó	properNoun	oci	Monsó	properNoun	fra
Antequera	properNoun	oci	Antequera	properNoun	fra
opinar	verb	oci	opiner	verb	fra
iodur	noun	oci	iodure	noun	fra
Claret	properNoun	oci	Claret	properNoun	fra
tactician	noun	oci	tacticien	noun	fra
Pratte	properNoun	oci	Pratte	properNoun	fra
Limoges	properNoun	oci	Limoges	properNoun	fra
miei ambient	noun	oci	environnement	noun	fra
Caso	properNoun	oci	Caso	properNoun	fra
efraccion	noun	oci	effraction	noun	fra
Lesotho	properNoun	oci	Lesotho	properNoun	fra
Carbajal	properNoun	oci	Carbajal	properNoun	fra
fauç	noun	oci	faucille	noun	fra
9n	adjective	oci	9ème	adjective	fra
sosgovernador	noun	oci	sous-gouverneur	noun	fra
sofrir	verb	oci	souffrir	verb	fra
solubilizar	verb	oci	solubiliser	verb	fra
von Clausewitz	properNoun	oci	von Clausewitz	properNoun	fra
Geli	properNoun	oci	Geli	properNoun	fra
meditacion	noun	oci	méditation	noun	fra
Folch	properNoun	oci	Folch	properNoun	fra
noven	adjective	oci	neuvième	adjective	fra
Johnnie	properNoun	oci	Johnnie	properNoun	fra
Mourad	properNoun	oci	Mourad	properNoun	fra
litania	noun	oci	litanie	noun	fra
montpelhierenc	adjective	oci	montpelliérain	adjective	fra
satanic	adjective	oci	satanique	adjective	fra
pairinatge	noun	oci	parrainage	noun	fra
Natàlia	properNoun	oci	Natàlia	properNoun	fra
glaciacion	noun	oci	glaciation	noun	fra
ratatolha	noun	oci	ratatouille	noun	fra
autoritari	adjective	oci	autoritaire	adjective	fra
legislador	adjective	oci	législateur	adjective	fra
Alex	properNoun	oci	Alex	properNoun	fra
fondacion	noun	oci	fondation	noun	fra
Saval	properNoun	oci	Saval	properNoun	fra
viticòla	adjective	oci	viticole	adjective	fra
brusc	noun	oci	ruche	noun	fra
Hoyo	properNoun	oci	Hoyo	properNoun	fra
Bilbao	properNoun	oci	Bilbao	properNoun	fra
Sabido	properNoun	oci	Sabido	properNoun	fra
onchar	verb	oci	huiler	verb	fra
Hammoud	properNoun	oci	Hammoud	properNoun	fra
ocupar	verb	oci	occuper	verb	fra
Whitmore	properNoun	oci	Whitmore	properNoun	fra
literari	adjective	oci	littéraire	adjective	fra
pauc	adverb	oci	peu	adverb	fra
Germain	properNoun	oci	Germain	properNoun	fra
seccion	noun	oci	section	noun	fra
Mitterrand	properNoun	oci	Mitterrand	properNoun	fra
plor	noun	oci	pleur	noun	fra
meca	noun	oci	morve	noun	fra
Lièja	properNoun	oci	Liège	properNoun	fra
Jahn	properNoun	oci	Jahn	properNoun	fra
passatgièr	adjective	oci	passager	adjective	fra
Jerónimo	properNoun	oci	Jerónimo	properNoun	fra
Eddy	properNoun	oci	Eddy	properNoun	fra
subrevenir	verb	oci	survenir	verb	fra
volar	verb	oci	voler	verb	fra
isteria	noun	oci	hystérie	noun	fra
Consuegra	properNoun	oci	Consuegra	properNoun	fra
Fillon	properNoun	oci	Fillon	properNoun	fra
meteorològ	noun	oci	météorologue	noun	fra
Sèlva Negra	properNoun	oci	Forêt-Noire	properNoun	fra
Alone	properNoun	oci	Alone	properNoun	fra
Egea	properNoun	oci	Egea	properNoun	fra
tolosan	noun	oci	Toulousain	noun	fra
Chad	properNoun	oci	Tchad	properNoun	fra
concubinatge	noun	oci	concubinage	noun	fra
Poirot	properNoun	oci	Poirot	properNoun	fra
federalista	noun	oci	fédéraliste	noun	fra
favorable	adjective	oci	favorable	adjective	fra
destructible	adjective	oci	destructible	adjective	fra
Mazón	properNoun	oci	Mazón	properNoun	fra
moderar	verb	oci	modérer	verb	fra
Excel	properNoun	oci	Excel	properNoun	fra
Dembski	properNoun	oci	Dembski	properNoun	fra
ponchut	adjective	oci	pointu	adjective	fra
ponchut	adjective	oci	aigu	adjective	fra
mula	noun	oci	mule	noun	fra
votre	noun	oci	vautour	noun	fra
prodròme	noun	oci	prodrome	noun	fra
Heyerdahl	properNoun	oci	Heyerdahl	properNoun	fra
ponhet	noun	oci	poignet	noun	fra
Bíblia	properNoun	oci	Bible	properNoun	fra
Mapachee	properNoun	oci	Mapachee	properNoun	fra
alcalin	adjective	oci	alcalin	adjective	fra
microscòpi	noun	oci	microscope	noun	fra
esponja	noun	oci	éponge	noun	fra
ensenhar	verb	oci	enseigner	verb	fra
Signes	properNoun	oci	Signes	properNoun	fra
mèdi	noun	oci	moyen	noun	fra
Puigdoménech	properNoun	oci	Puigdoménech	properNoun	fra
visibilitat	noun	oci	visibilité	noun	fra
mèslèu	adverb	oci	plutôt	adverb	fra
Sotillo	properNoun	oci	Sotillo	properNoun	fra
Rainoard	properNoun	oci	Rainoard	properNoun	fra
Corbière	properNoun	oci	Corbière	properNoun	fra
sagacitat	noun	oci	sagacité	noun	fra
Termens	properNoun	oci	Termens	properNoun	fra
irritar	verb	oci	irriter	verb	fra
gala	noun	oci	gala	noun	fra
Pena	properNoun	oci	Pena	properNoun	fra
Anouilh	properNoun	oci	Anouilh	properNoun	fra
Moshe	properNoun	oci	Moshe	properNoun	fra
Ríos	properNoun	oci	Ríos	properNoun	fra
Artacho	properNoun	oci	Artacho	properNoun	fra
Moldàvia	properNoun	oci	Moldavie	properNoun	fra
naturalista	noun	oci	naturaliste	noun	fra
Bargués	properNoun	oci	Bargués	properNoun	fra
feminizacion	noun	oci	féminisation	noun	fra
créisser	verb	oci	grandir	verb	fra
créisser	verb	oci	croître	verb	fra
fluòr	noun	oci	fluor	noun	fra
psiquic	noun	oci	psychique	noun	fra
etèrne	adjective	oci	éternel	adjective	fra
cancelièr	noun	oci	chancelier	noun	fra
Thierry	properNoun	oci	Thierry	properNoun	fra
comunitari	adjective	oci	communautaire	adjective	fra
imprimit	noun	oci	imprimé	noun	fra
servitud	noun	oci	servitude	noun	fra
Alie	properNoun	oci	Alie	properNoun	fra
Roser	properNoun	oci	Roser	properNoun	fra
Goikoetxea	properNoun	oci	Goikoetxea	properNoun	fra
quora	interrogativePronoun	oci	tantôt	adverb	fra
quora	interrogativePronoun	oci	quand	interrogativePronoun	fra
quora	interrogativePronoun	oci	quand	adverb	fra
quora	interrogativePronoun	oci	quand	relativePronoun	fra
quora	adverb	oci	tantôt	adverb	fra
quora	adverb	oci	quand	interrogativePronoun	fra
quora	adverb	oci	quand	adverb	fra
quora	adverb	oci	quand	relativePronoun	fra
whisky	noun	oci	whisky	noun	fra
estagnacion	noun	oci	stagnation	noun	fra
constructivisme	noun	oci	constructivisme	noun	fra
allopatric	adjective	oci	allopatrique	adjective	fra
complice	adjective	oci	complice	adjective	fra
Mullor	properNoun	oci	Mullor	properNoun	fra
levogir	adjective	oci	lévogyre	adjective	fra
Raúl	properNoun	oci	Raúl	properNoun	fra
Farres	properNoun	oci	Farres	properNoun	fra
mediatizacion	noun	oci	médiatisation	noun	fra
oitanta dos	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-deux	numeral	fra
Kubo	properNoun	oci	Kubo	properNoun	fra
Ernesto	properNoun	oci	Ernesto	properNoun	fra
representativitat	noun	oci	représentativité	noun	fra
immoralitat	noun	oci	immoralité	noun	fra
aviat	adjective	oci	vite	adjective	fra
estereotipe	noun	oci	stéréotype	noun	fra
Ibn Khaldoun	properNoun	oci	Ibn Khaldoun	properNoun	fra
espongiositat	noun	oci	spongiosité	noun	fra
aparentat	adjective	oci	apparenté	adjective	fra
St-Georges	properNoun	oci	St-Georges	properNoun	fra
Tisseur	properNoun	oci	Tisseur	properNoun	fra
falhita	noun	oci	faillite	noun	fra
Rayleigh	properNoun	oci	Rayleigh	properNoun	fra
Grasa	properNoun	oci	Grasa	properNoun	fra
tondra	noun	oci	toundra	noun	fra
Guichard	properNoun	oci	Guichard	properNoun	fra
reddicion	noun	oci	reddition	noun	fra
pdf	noun	oci	pdf	noun	fra
Jenny	properNoun	oci	Jenny	properNoun	fra
piridina	noun	oci	pyridine	noun	fra
Egido	properNoun	oci	Egido	properNoun	fra
Masala	properNoun	oci	Masala	properNoun	fra
Snow	properNoun	oci	Snow	properNoun	fra
banda	noun	oci	bande	noun	fra
Buj	properNoun	oci	Buj	properNoun	fra
Tom	properNoun	oci	Tom	properNoun	fra
fanfarra	noun	oci	fanfare	noun	fra
Icebound	properNoun	oci	Icebound	properNoun	fra
guirba	noun	oci	panier	noun	fra
cors	noun	oci	cours	noun	fra
scenari	noun	oci	scénario	noun	fra
scenari	noun	oci	scène	noun	fra
Syed	properNoun	oci	Syed	properNoun	fra
coja	noun	oci	courge	noun	fra
coja	noun	oci	potiron	noun	fra
Tinoco	properNoun	oci	Tinoco	properNoun	fra
jusca	preposition	oci	jusqu'à	preposition	fra
jusca	preposition	oci	jusque	preposition	fra
jutjar	verb	oci	juger	verb	fra
Fran	properNoun	oci	Fran	properNoun	fra
Horan	properNoun	oci	Horan	properNoun	fra
interlocutor	noun	oci	interlocuteur	noun	fra
Ordonez	properNoun	oci	Ordonez	properNoun	fra
Eve	properNoun	oci	Eve	properNoun	fra
manja	noun	oci	manche	noun	fra
injust	adjective	oci	injuste	adjective	fra
Alférez	properNoun	oci	Alférez	properNoun	fra
Mogollón	properNoun	oci	Mogollón	properNoun	fra
oscillar	verb	oci	osciller	verb	fra
contractacion	noun	oci	embauche	noun	fra
intersubjectiu	adjective	oci	intersubjectif	adjective	fra
simbolista	adjective	oci	symboliste	adjective	fra
Indiana	properNoun	oci	Indiana	properNoun	fra
Miralpeix	properNoun	oci	Miralpeix	properNoun	fra
particula	noun	oci	particule	noun	fra
Vernet	properNoun	oci	Vernet	properNoun	fra
Zuriaga	properNoun	oci	Zuriaga	properNoun	fra
Fazio	properNoun	oci	Fazio	properNoun	fra
Dangelo	properNoun	oci	Dangelo	properNoun	fra
idealizar	verb	oci	idéaliser	verb	fra
qué	interrogativePronoun	oci	que	interrogativePronoun	fra
qué	interrogativePronoun	oci	que	pronoun	fra
qué	interrogativePronoun	oci	que	relativePronoun	fra
qué	interrogativePronoun	oci	qu'est-ce que	interrogativePronoun	fra
qué	interrogativePronoun	oci	qu'est-ce que	pronoun	fra
qué	interrogativePronoun	oci	quoi	interrogativePronoun	fra
qué	interrogativePronoun	oci	quoi	pronoun	fra
qué	interrogativePronoun	oci	qué	interrogativePronoun	fra
qué	interrogativePronoun	oci	qué	pronoun	fra
qué	pronoun	oci	que	interrogativePronoun	fra
qué	pronoun	oci	que	pronoun	fra
qué	pronoun	oci	que	relativePronoun	fra
qué	pronoun	oci	qu'est-ce que	interrogativePronoun	fra
qué	pronoun	oci	qu'est-ce que	pronoun	fra
qué	pronoun	oci	quoi	interrogativePronoun	fra
qué	pronoun	oci	quoi	pronoun	fra
qué	pronoun	oci	qué	interrogativePronoun	fra
qué	pronoun	oci	qué	pronoun	fra
Ambrosini	properNoun	oci	Ambrosini	properNoun	fra
emersion	noun	oci	émersion	noun	fra
Talarico	properNoun	oci	Talarico	properNoun	fra
Amores	properNoun	oci	Amores	properNoun	fra
austèr	adjective	oci	austère	adjective	fra
fascinacion	noun	oci	fascination	noun	fra
subtilament	adverb	oci	subtilement	adverb	fra
infructuós	adjective	oci	infructueux	adjective	fra
tarrabastèri	noun	oci	vacarme	noun	fra
Ayllon	properNoun	oci	Ayllon	properNoun	fra
de lo qual	relativePronoun	oci	duquel	relativePronoun	fra
apropriacion	noun	oci	appropriation	noun	fra
part	noun	oci	partie	noun	fra
part	noun	oci	part	noun	fra
Doppler	properNoun	oci	Doppler	properNoun	fra
candidament	adverb	oci	candidement	adverb	fra
Mata	properNoun	oci	Mata	properNoun	fra
grifol	noun	oci	houx	noun	fra
preferir	verb	oci	préférer	verb	fra
Antich	properNoun	oci	Antich	properNoun	fra
Andraos	properNoun	oci	Andraos	properNoun	fra
subconscient	noun	oci	subconscient	noun	fra
impermeable	noun	oci	imperméable	noun	fra
Haniyeh	properNoun	oci	Haniyeh	properNoun	fra
pessimista	noun	oci	pessimiste	noun	fra
Priscilla	properNoun	oci	Priscilla	properNoun	fra
virus	noun	oci	virus	noun	fra
dignificar	verb	oci	dignifier	verb	fra
epilepsia	noun	oci	épilepsie	noun	fra
antiterrorista	adjective	oci	antiterroriste	adjective	fra
Hugás	properNoun	oci	Hugás	properNoun	fra
recentralizar	verb	oci	recentraliser	verb	fra
Peñarroya	properNoun	oci	Peñarroya	properNoun	fra
emplir	verb	oci	emplir	verb	fra
valetudinari	adjective	oci	valétudinaire	adjective	fra
Telemann	properNoun	oci	Telemann	properNoun	fra
Olmos	properNoun	oci	Olmos	properNoun	fra
desvelhat	adjective	oci	réveillé	adjective	fra
deslocalizacion	noun	oci	délocalisation	noun	fra
Jasmine	properNoun	oci	Jasmine	properNoun	fra
investiment	noun	oci	investissement	noun	fra
nòrdamerican	adjective	oci	nord-américain	adjective	fra
Mariana	properNoun	oci	Mariana	properNoun	fra
desencusa	noun	oci	excuse	noun	fra
colatge	noun	oci	collage	noun	fra
yeti	noun	oci	yéti	noun	fra
Graus	properNoun	oci	Graus	properNoun	fra
volença	noun	oci	volonté	noun	fra
Pamies	properNoun	oci	Pamies	properNoun	fra
Maza	properNoun	oci	Maza	properNoun	fra
un bricon mens de	preposition	oci	un peu moins de	preposition	fra
pimparèla	noun	oci	marguerite	noun	fra
Trastàmares	properNoun	oci	Trastàmares	properNoun	fra
Kadhafi	properNoun	oci	Kadhafi	properNoun	fra
Palomero	properNoun	oci	Palomero	properNoun	fra
audit	noun	oci	audit	noun	fra
Vara	properNoun	oci	Vara	properNoun	fra
mollusc	noun	oci	mollusque	noun	fra
credul	adjective	oci	crédule	adjective	fra
Gata	properNoun	oci	Gata	properNoun	fra
carcan	noun	oci	carcan	noun	fra
divergéncia	noun	oci	divergence	noun	fra
permissiu	adjective	oci	permissif	adjective	fra
Zurera	properNoun	oci	Zurera	properNoun	fra
algonquin	noun	oci	algonquin	noun	fra
percentatge	noun	oci	pourcentage	noun	fra
Vòges	properNoun	oci	Vosges	properNoun	fra
pretendut	adjective	oci	prétendu	adjective	fra
figa	noun	oci	figue	noun	fra
Hazan	properNoun	oci	Hazan	properNoun	fra
castèu	noun	oci	château	noun	fra
repression	noun	oci	répression	noun	fra
Custodio	properNoun	oci	Custodio	properNoun	fra
revelhat	adjective	oci	réveillé	adjective	fra
atencion	noun	oci	attention	noun	fra
au ras de	preposition	oci	au ras de	preposition	fra
Droma	properNoun	oci	Drôme	properNoun	fra
Coverdale	properNoun	oci	Coverdale	properNoun	fra
opressor	noun	oci	oppresseur	noun	fra
Meneses	properNoun	oci	Meneses	properNoun	fra
Fabregat	properNoun	oci	Fabregat	properNoun	fra
sit	noun	oci	site	noun	fra
El Aissaoui	properNoun	oci	El Aissaoui	properNoun	fra
Thayer	properNoun	oci	Thayer	properNoun	fra
Bernatchez	properNoun	oci	Bernatchez	properNoun	fra
Auvèrnhe	properNoun	oci	Auvergne	properNoun	fra
orizontala	noun	oci	horizontale	noun	fra
istaminic	adjective	oci	histaminique	adjective	fra
pesada	noun	oci	trace	noun	fra
arquitectonic	adjective	oci	architectonique	adjective	fra
nonanta sièis	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-seize	numeral	fra
mocion	noun	oci	motion	noun	fra
von Faulhaber	properNoun	oci	von Faulhaber	properNoun	fra
vòra	noun	oci	bord	noun	fra
fenician	noun	oci	Phénicien	noun	fra
formar	verb	oci	former	verb	fra
furtiu	adjective	oci	furtif	adjective	fra
vessant	noun	oci	versant	noun	fra
Vespasian	properNoun	oci	Vespasien	properNoun	fra
Sanfilippo	properNoun	oci	Sanfilippo	properNoun	fra
Zuniga	properNoun	oci	Zuniga	properNoun	fra
pentent	noun	oci	repentant	noun	fra
angevin	adjective	oci	angevin	adjective	fra
energicament	adverb	oci	énergiquement	adverb	fra
Blake	properNoun	oci	Blake	properNoun	fra
Cécile	properNoun	oci	Cécile	properNoun	fra
conversiu	adjective	oci	conversif	adjective	fra
colcar	verb	oci	coucher	verb	fra
jornada	noun	oci	journée	noun	fra
encarnar	verb	oci	incarner	verb	fra
etnologia	noun	oci	ethnologie	noun	fra
autobús	noun	oci	autobus	noun	fra
bèstia	noun	oci	bête	noun	fra
bèstia	noun	oci	animal	noun	fra
Assange	properNoun	oci	Assange	properNoun	fra
contemporanèu	adjective	oci	contemporain	adjective	fra
Dufault	properNoun	oci	Dufault	properNoun	fra
ueitau	noun	oci	huitième	noun	fra
a trauèrs de	preposition	oci	à travers	preposition	fra
Hicks	properNoun	oci	Hicks	properNoun	fra
Vettel	properNoun	oci	Vettel	properNoun	fra
concrèt	adjective	oci	concret	adjective	fra
anca	noun	oci	hanche	noun	fra
simpatizar	verb	oci	sympathiser	verb	fra
Stirner	properNoun	oci	Stirner	properNoun	fra
Fotyga	properNoun	oci	Fotyga	properNoun	fra
Xavi	properNoun	oci	Xavi	properNoun	fra
crompaire	noun	oci	acheteur	noun	fra
Chantal	properNoun	oci	Chantal	properNoun	fra
dirigent	noun	oci	dirigeant	noun	fra
positiu	adjective	oci	positif	adjective	fra
legar	verb	oci	léguer	verb	fra
Douillard	properNoun	oci	Douillard	properNoun	fra
Plant	properNoun	oci	Plant	properNoun	fra
Toole	properNoun	oci	Toole	properNoun	fra
Montevideo	properNoun	oci	Montevideo	properNoun	fra
Prairie	properNoun	oci	Prairie	properNoun	fra
pepin	noun	oci	grand-père	noun	fra
delimitacion	noun	oci	délimitation	noun	fra
Villaplana	properNoun	oci	Villaplana	properNoun	fra
Fall	properNoun	oci	Fall	properNoun	fra
reclusion	noun	oci	réclusion	noun	fra
Carpintero	properNoun	oci	Carpintero	properNoun	fra
plancha	noun	oci	plainte	noun	fra
Rousseau	properNoun	oci	Rousseau	properNoun	fra
autocracia	noun	oci	autocratie	noun	fra
Fulbright	properNoun	oci	Fulbright	properNoun	fra
Therrien	properNoun	oci	Therrien	properNoun	fra
Rakocevic	properNoun	oci	Rakocevic	properNoun	fra
segmentacion	noun	oci	segmentation	noun	fra
quivi	noun	oci	kiwi	noun	fra
dobte	noun	oci	doute	noun	fra
Infocom	properNoun	oci	Infocom	properNoun	fra
Piera	properNoun	oci	Piera	properNoun	fra
interpretar	verb	oci	interpréter	verb	fra
Lombardia	properNoun	oci	Lombardie	properNoun	fra
Villa	properNoun	oci	Villa	properNoun	fra
festenal	noun	oci	festival	noun	fra
falabreguièr	noun	oci	micocoulier	noun	fra
abardal	noun	oci	rhododendron	noun	fra
radicalitat	noun	oci	radicalité	noun	fra
fetiditat	noun	oci	fétidité	noun	fra
Qutb	properNoun	oci	Qutb	properNoun	fra
Pop	properNoun	oci	Pop	properNoun	fra
de Gea	properNoun	oci	de Gea	properNoun	fra
prestidigitacion	noun	oci	prestidigitation	noun	fra
Montminy	properNoun	oci	Montminy	properNoun	fra
Sort	properNoun	oci	Sort	properNoun	fra
desonorant	adjective	oci	déshonorant	adjective	fra
Petra	properNoun	oci	Petra	properNoun	fra
alausa	noun	oci	alose	noun	fra
afinar	verb	oci	affiner	verb	fra
Barrionuevo	properNoun	oci	Barrionuevo	properNoun	fra
en	adverb	oci	en effet	adverb	fra
Caldés	properNoun	oci	Caldés	properNoun	fra
vescomtat	noun	oci	vicomté	noun	fra
Brattain	properNoun	oci	Brattain	properNoun	fra
del Campo	properNoun	oci	del Campo	properNoun	fra
Massís Septentrional	properNoun	oci	Massif Central	properNoun	fra
diuèrs	adjective	oci	divers	adjective	fra
oasi	noun	oci	oasis	noun	fra
Jerôme	properNoun	oci	Jerôme	properNoun	fra
subdevesir	verb	oci	subdiviser	verb	fra
compausanta	noun	oci	composante	noun	fra
retrovisor	noun	oci	rétroviseur	noun	fra
Ferenc	properNoun	oci	Ferenc	properNoun	fra
desdoblament	noun	oci	dédoublement	noun	fra
Lionel	properNoun	oci	Lionel	properNoun	fra
rassasiat	adjective	oci	repu	adjective	fra
combinar	verb	oci	combiner	verb	fra
Ramirez	properNoun	oci	Ramirez	properNoun	fra
Poole	properNoun	oci	Poole	properNoun	fra
cambafin	noun	oci	snob	noun	fra
malastre	noun	oci	malheur	noun	fra
anticipacion	noun	oci	anticipation	noun	fra
trocha	noun	oci	omelette	noun	fra
trocha	noun	oci	truite	noun	fra
lairar	verb	oci	aboyer	verb	fra
autotomia	noun	oci	autotomie	noun	fra
familhar	adjective	oci	familier	adjective	fra
uèlh	noun	oci	œil	noun	fra
Stringer	properNoun	oci	Stringer	properNoun	fra
Chevrier	properNoun	oci	Chevrier	properNoun	fra
Algaba	properNoun	oci	Algaba	properNoun	fra
de coa d'uèlh	adverb	oci	du coin de l'œil	adverb	fra
inexorable	adjective	oci	inexorable	adjective	fra
balet	noun	oci	ballet	noun	fra
Vatcher	properNoun	oci	Vatcher	properNoun	fra
runic	adjective	oci	runique	adjective	fra
estancar	verb	oci	étancher	verb	fra
Kausar	properNoun	oci	Kausar	properNoun	fra
titani	noun	oci	titane	noun	fra
ratificacion	noun	oci	ratification	noun	fra
rostir	verb	oci	rôtir	verb	fra
trelís	noun	oci	treillis	noun	fra
Dambrosio	properNoun	oci	Dambrosio	properNoun	fra
Rhode	properNoun	oci	Rhode	properNoun	fra
Montebourg	properNoun	oci	Montebourg	properNoun	fra
corrosion	noun	oci	corrosion	noun	fra
Lagueux	properNoun	oci	Lagueux	properNoun	fra
Nantas	properNoun	oci	Nantes	properNoun	fra
Fauvelle	properNoun	oci	Fauvelle	properNoun	fra
ortofonia	noun	oci	orthophonie	noun	fra
indiferéncia	noun	oci	indifférence	noun	fra
Salmon	properNoun	oci	Salmon	properNoun	fra
sobeiran	noun	oci	souverain	noun	fra
sordièra	noun	oci	surdité	noun	fra
precisament	adverb	oci	précisément	adverb	fra
Wiseman	properNoun	oci	Wiseman	properNoun	fra
Bonneville	properNoun	oci	Bonneville	properNoun	fra
Caputo	properNoun	oci	Caputo	properNoun	fra
Micó	properNoun	oci	Micó	properNoun	fra
Motörhead	properNoun	oci	Motörhead	properNoun	fra
Blanchette	properNoun	oci	Blanchette	properNoun	fra
subreuman	adjective	oci	surhumain	adjective	fra
Chahine	properNoun	oci	Chahine	properNoun	fra
Edmund	properNoun	oci	Edmund	properNoun	fra
Sebastian	properNoun	oci	Sebastian	properNoun	fra
Sebastian	properNoun	oci	Sébastien	properNoun	fra
Mart	properNoun	oci	Mars	properNoun	fra
sentir	verb	oci	sentir	verb	fra
Iñigo	properNoun	oci	Iñigo	properNoun	fra
fresc	adjective	oci	frais	adjective	fra
perfil	noun	oci	profil	noun	fra
descenduda	noun	oci	descente	noun	fra
arrepresentacion	noun	oci	représentation	noun	fra
contractar	verb	oci	embaucher	verb	fra
contractar	verb	oci	contracter	verb	fra
contractar	verb	oci	recruter	verb	fra
Gaillard	properNoun	oci	Gaillard	properNoun	fra
Bergkamp	properNoun	oci	Bergkamp	properNoun	fra
antipatic	adjective	oci	antipathique	adjective	fra
umorista	noun	oci	humoriste	noun	fra
Bezeau	properNoun	oci	Bezeau	properNoun	fra
èsser	noun	oci	être	noun	fra
Livingstone	properNoun	oci	Livingstone	properNoun	fra
dimenjada	noun	oci	week-end	noun	fra
Hall	properNoun	oci	Hall	properNoun	fra
bobina	noun	oci	bobine	noun	fra
Boixader	properNoun	oci	Boixader	properNoun	fra
postam	noun	oci	plancher	noun	fra
victorian	adjective	oci	victorien	adjective	fra
Buxton	properNoun	oci	Buxton	properNoun	fra
allucinogèn	adjective	oci	hallucinogène	adjective	fra
desertar	verb	oci	déserter	verb	fra
Lanoie	properNoun	oci	Lanoie	properNoun	fra
Clop	properNoun	oci	Clop	properNoun	fra
PlayStation 2	properNoun	oci	PlayStation 2	properNoun	fra
Weber	properNoun	oci	Weber	properNoun	fra
Atzori	properNoun	oci	Atzori	properNoun	fra
rendètz-vos	noun	oci	rendez-vous	noun	fra
gasós	adjective	oci	gazeux	adjective	fra
evangelista	noun	oci	évangéliste	noun	fra
desèrt	noun	oci	désert	noun	fra
Cabral	properNoun	oci	Cabral	properNoun	fra
macedonian	adjective	oci	macédonien	adjective	fra
temple	noun	oci	temple	noun	fra
Ibsen	properNoun	oci	Ibsen	properNoun	fra
chichorla	noun	oci	jujube	noun	fra
etnologic	adjective	oci	ethnologique	adjective	fra
piéger	noun	oci	pire	noun	fra
convalescent	adjective	oci	convalescent	adjective	fra
Detroit	properNoun	oci	Détroit	properNoun	fra
acompanhar	verb	oci	accompagner	verb	fra
Chapadeau	properNoun	oci	Chapadeau	properNoun	fra
Tarba	properNoun	oci	Tarbes	properNoun	fra
balcanic	adjective	oci	balkanique	adjective	fra
endrabar	verb	oci	entortiller	verb	fra
endrabar	verb	oci	envelopper	verb	fra
prussian	noun	oci	Prussien	noun	fra
Regàs	properNoun	oci	Regàs	properNoun	fra
residéncia	noun	oci	résidence	noun	fra
Nicolle	properNoun	oci	Nicolle	properNoun	fra
Tunkara	properNoun	oci	Tunkara	properNoun	fra
fan	noun	oci	fan	noun	fra
Estupiña	properNoun	oci	Estupiña	properNoun	fra
macromolecula	noun	oci	macromolécule	noun	fra
comèdia	noun	oci	comédie	noun	fra
Borrel	properNoun	oci	Borrel	properNoun	fra
sinfonic	adjective	oci	symphonique	adjective	fra
Milot	properNoun	oci	Milot	properNoun	fra
von Guérard	properNoun	oci	von Guérard	properNoun	fra
velosat	adjective	oci	velouté	adjective	fra
Lucena	properNoun	oci	Lucena	properNoun	fra
Bullich	properNoun	oci	Bullich	properNoun	fra
Espanha	properNoun	oci	Espagne	properNoun	fra
maquinària	noun	oci	machinerie	noun	fra
apatia	noun	oci	apathie	noun	fra
Recolons	properNoun	oci	Recolons	properNoun	fra
adjacent	adjective	oci	adjacent	adjective	fra
integrable	adjective	oci	intégrable	adjective	fra
tremblar	verb	oci	trembler	verb	fra
Machuca	properNoun	oci	Machuca	properNoun	fra
Parets	properNoun	oci	Parets	properNoun	fra
executòri	adjective	oci	exécutoire	adjective	fra
senhalisacion	noun	oci	signalisation	noun	fra
Nebot	properNoun	oci	Nebot	properNoun	fra
autarcia	noun	oci	autarcie	noun	fra
Barrull	properNoun	oci	Barrull	properNoun	fra
Nannoni	properNoun	oci	Nannoni	properNoun	fra
Diddley	properNoun	oci	Diddley	properNoun	fra
descripcion	noun	oci	description	noun	fra
binòmi	noun	oci	binôme	noun	fra
numismatica	noun	oci	numismatique	noun	fra
intelligibilitat	noun	oci	intelligibilité	noun	fra
Ferriol	properNoun	oci	Ferriol	properNoun	fra
concordança	noun	oci	concordance	noun	fra
Gendreau	properNoun	oci	Gendreau	properNoun	fra
patron	noun	oci	patron	noun	fra
Larche	properNoun	oci	Larche	properNoun	fra
Varón	properNoun	oci	Varón	properNoun	fra
Witty	properNoun	oci	Witty	properNoun	fra
nos	pronoun	oci	nous	pronoun	fra
Potvin	properNoun	oci	Potvin	properNoun	fra
Portella	properNoun	oci	Portella	properNoun	fra
reialisme	noun	oci	royalisme	noun	fra
complèxe	adjective	oci	complexe	adjective	fra
Les	properNoun	oci	Les	properNoun	fra
Islam	properNoun	oci	Islam	properNoun	fra
sincòpa	noun	oci	syncope	noun	fra
postulat	noun	oci	postulat	noun	fra
estrear	verb	oci	étrenner	verb	fra
Quinton	properNoun	oci	Quinton	properNoun	fra
correspondent	noun	oci	correspondant	noun	fra
Cortese	properNoun	oci	Cortese	properNoun	fra
de faiçon que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	de façon que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
equipament	noun	oci	équipement	noun	fra
participant	noun	oci	participant	noun	fra
catastrofic	adjective	oci	catastrophique	adjective	fra
veridic	adjective	oci	véridique	adjective	fra
Máñez	properNoun	oci	Máñez	properNoun	fra
pigre	noun	oci	fainéant	noun	fra
pigre	noun	oci	paresseux	noun	fra
Gagné	properNoun	oci	Gagné	properNoun	fra
quasi	adverb	oci	presque	adverb	fra
quasi	adverb	oci	quasi	adverb	fra
corporificar	verb	oci	corporifier	verb	fra
virtualitat	noun	oci	virtualité	noun	fra
presentaire	noun	oci	présentateur	noun	fra
marcant	adjective	oci	frappant	adjective	fra
forsalon	noun	oci	frelon	noun	fra
Galícia	properNoun	oci	Galice	properNoun	fra
Gavarrò	properNoun	oci	Gavarrò	properNoun	fra
Sarawak	properNoun	oci	Sarawak	properNoun	fra
Mercadé	properNoun	oci	Mercadé	properNoun	fra
fraternalament	adverb	oci	fraternellement	adverb	fra
Deangelis	properNoun	oci	Deangelis	properNoun	fra
Charleville-Mézières	properNoun	oci	Charleville-Mézières	properNoun	fra
largament	adverb	oci	largement	adverb	fra
Biarnes	properNoun	oci	Biarnes	properNoun	fra
cacilha	noun	oci	chasse	noun	fra
sosòrdre	noun	oci	sous-ordre	noun	fra
a boca de nuèit	adverb	oci	à la tombée de la nuit	adverb	fra
Gershwin	properNoun	oci	Gershwin	properNoun	fra
traversada	noun	oci	traversée	noun	fra
albièra	noun	oci	gelée	noun	fra
Viktoria	properNoun	oci	Viktoria	properNoun	fra
Angelopoulos	properNoun	oci	Angelopoulos	properNoun	fra
silenciós	noun	oci	silencieux	noun	fra
Caillé	properNoun	oci	Caillé	properNoun	fra
Sampson	properNoun	oci	Sampson	properNoun	fra
subitament	adverb	oci	subitement	adverb	fra
Lespoux	properNoun	oci	Lespoux	properNoun	fra
limit	adjective	oci	limite	adjective	fra
Debeaumont	properNoun	oci	Debeaumont	properNoun	fra
desplegament	noun	oci	déploiement	noun	fra
reparacion	noun	oci	réparation	noun	fra
malés	noun	oci	malais	noun	fra
Alenia	properNoun	oci	Alenia	properNoun	fra
Bhutto	properNoun	oci	Bhutto	properNoun	fra
Michela	properNoun	oci	Michela	properNoun	fra
Campano	properNoun	oci	Campano	properNoun	fra
Sarroca	properNoun	oci	Sarroca	properNoun	fra
gaujós	adjective	oci	joyeux	adjective	fra
eruga	noun	oci	chenille	noun	fra
africanisme	noun	oci	africanisme	noun	fra
via	preposition	oci	via	preposition	fra
diplòma	noun	oci	diplôme	noun	fra
dissoluble	adjective	oci	dissoluble	adjective	fra
misteriós	adjective	oci	mystérieux	adjective	fra
blanda	noun	oci	salamandre	noun	fra
Gee	properNoun	oci	Gee	properNoun	fra
Chatelain	properNoun	oci	Chatelain	properNoun	fra
Clos	properNoun	oci	Clos	properNoun	fra
PSOE	noun	oci	PSOE	noun	fra
Murkowski	properNoun	oci	Murkowski	properNoun	fra
nuclèu	noun	oci	noyau	noun	fra
artiodactil	noun	oci	artiodactyle	noun	fra
gastar	verb	oci	gâter	verb	fra
gastar	verb	oci	dépenser	verb	fra
Vinaixa	properNoun	oci	Vinaixa	properNoun	fra
Irene	properNoun	oci	Irene	properNoun	fra
Kearney	properNoun	oci	Kearney	properNoun	fra
finalista	adjective	oci	finaliste	adjective	fra
62n	adjective	oci	62ème	adjective	fra
istologia	noun	oci	histologie	noun	fra
reaparicion	noun	oci	réapparition	noun	fra
Willett	properNoun	oci	Willett	properNoun	fra
Wilcott	properNoun	oci	Wilcott	properNoun	fra
Amara	properNoun	oci	Amara	properNoun	fra
roïna	noun	oci	ruine	noun	fra
Ortega y Gasset	properNoun	oci	Ortega y Gasset	properNoun	fra
perque	subordinatingConjunction	oci	parce que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
perque	subordinatingConjunction	oci	car	subordinatingConjunction	fra
perque	subordinatingConjunction	oci	à cause que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Masero	properNoun	oci	Masero	properNoun	fra
Agnew	properNoun	oci	Agnew	properNoun	fra
Frahm	properNoun	oci	Frahm	properNoun	fra
Langlais	properNoun	oci	Langlais	properNoun	fra
burkinabe	adjective	oci	burkinabé	adjective	fra
Banderas	properNoun	oci	Banderas	properNoun	fra
Fabio	properNoun	oci	Fabio	properNoun	fra
vesin	adjective	oci	voisin	adjective	fra
fòrça mai	adverb	oci	beaucoup plus	adverb	fra
fòrça mai	adverb	oci	bien plus	adverb	fra
moçambiqués	adjective	oci	mozambicain	adjective	fra
Gary	properNoun	oci	Gary	properNoun	fra
Sáez	properNoun	oci	Sáez	properNoun	fra
Fiaschi	properNoun	oci	Fiaschi	properNoun	fra
adamisme	noun	oci	adamisme	noun	fra
impermeable	adjective	oci	imperméable	adjective	fra
Poutine	properNoun	oci	Poutine	properNoun	fra
detràs	preposition	oci	derrière	preposition	fra
seten	adjective	oci	septième	adjective	fra
garnidura	noun	oci	garniture	noun	fra
tenilha	noun	oci	telline	noun	fra
professional	noun	oci	professionnel	noun	fra
tir	noun	oci	tir	noun	fra
Príncep	properNoun	oci	Príncep	properNoun	fra
Romaguera	properNoun	oci	Romaguera	properNoun	fra
Oriane	properNoun	oci	Oriane	properNoun	fra
a grapas	adverb	oci	à quatre pattes	adverb	fra
fractura	noun	oci	fracture	noun	fra
Bordàs	properNoun	oci	Bordàs	properNoun	fra
Bondía	properNoun	oci	Bondía	properNoun	fra
Pitarch	properNoun	oci	Pitarch	properNoun	fra
Fibla	properNoun	oci	Fibla	properNoun	fra
Romo	properNoun	oci	Romo	properNoun	fra
nepotisme	noun	oci	népotisme	noun	fra
Masdeu	properNoun	oci	Masdeu	properNoun	fra
Mika	properNoun	oci	Mika	properNoun	fra
Geisel	properNoun	oci	Geisel	properNoun	fra
newton	noun	oci	newton	noun	fra
abjurament	noun	oci	abjuration	noun	fra
immunitari	adjective	oci	immunitaire	adjective	fra
constituïr	verb	oci	constituer	verb	fra
davancièr	noun	oci	ancêtre	noun	fra
Monsanto	properNoun	oci	Monsanto	properNoun	fra
gach	noun	oci	guet	noun	fra
gach	noun	oci	déjeuner	noun	fra
Nathalie	properNoun	oci	Nathalie	properNoun	fra
Miguez	properNoun	oci	Miguez	properNoun	fra
monoxide	noun	oci	monoxyde	noun	fra
Bari	properNoun	oci	Bari	properNoun	fra
xenofobia	noun	oci	xénophobie	noun	fra
caramel	noun	oci	caramel	noun	fra
Gascons	properNoun	oci	Gascons	properNoun	fra
passiu	noun	oci	passif	noun	fra
setanta uèit	numeral	oci	soixante-dix-huit	numeral	fra
moldau	adjective	oci	moldave	adjective	fra
Sears	properNoun	oci	Sears	properNoun	fra
Horowitz	properNoun	oci	Horowitz	properNoun	fra
peirièra	noun	oci	carrière	noun	fra
precèpte	noun	oci	précepte	noun	fra
Portales	properNoun	oci	Portales	properNoun	fra
Pallàs	properNoun	oci	Pallàs	properNoun	fra
diuersitat	noun	oci	diversité	noun	fra
bruma	noun	oci	brume	noun	fra
bruma	noun	oci	écume	noun	fra
florir	verb	oci	fleurir	verb	fra
credulitat	noun	oci	crédulité	noun	fra
ubiquista	adjective	oci	ubiquiste	adjective	fra
Jehel	properNoun	oci	Jehel	properNoun	fra
hèr	verb	oci	faire	verb	fra
de Santis	properNoun	oci	de Santis	properNoun	fra
Oiarzábal	properNoun	oci	Oiarzábal	properNoun	fra
banhaire	noun	oci	baigneur	noun	fra
Philippon	properNoun	oci	Philippon	properNoun	fra
moldau	noun	oci	moldave	noun	fra
alterofilia	noun	oci	haltérophilie	noun	fra
germinal	noun	oci	germinal	noun	fra
prigond	adjective	oci	profond	adjective	fra
commiseracion	noun	oci	commisération	noun	fra
distinguible	adjective	oci	distinguable	adjective	fra
Emeric	properNoun	oci	Emeric	properNoun	fra
DeMille	properNoun	oci	DeMille	properNoun	fra
ematologia	noun	oci	hématologie	noun	fra
tecnicament	adverb	oci	techniquement	adverb	fra
dolar	noun	oci	dollar	noun	fra
morena	noun	oci	moraine	noun	fra
Sanchis	properNoun	oci	Sanchis	properNoun	fra
simbolizar	verb	oci	symboliser	verb	fra
region	noun	oci	région	noun	fra
Emonin	properNoun	oci	Emonin	properNoun	fra
Citroen	properNoun	oci	Citroen	properNoun	fra
Jobs	properNoun	oci	Jobs	properNoun	fra
Alabau	properNoun	oci	Alabau	properNoun	fra
Shaheen	properNoun	oci	Shaheen	properNoun	fra
Pinault	properNoun	oci	Pinault	properNoun	fra
jaç	noun	oci	couche	noun	fra
Lauture	properNoun	oci	Lauture	properNoun	fra
de Souza	properNoun	oci	de Souza	properNoun	fra
Marín	properNoun	oci	Marín	properNoun	fra
cession	noun	oci	cession	noun	fra
Payà	properNoun	oci	Payà	properNoun	fra
acre	adjective	oci	âcre	adjective	fra
amolonar	verb	oci	entasser	verb	fra
Champagne	properNoun	oci	Champagne	properNoun	fra
McVie	properNoun	oci	McVie	properNoun	fra
iponime	noun	oci	hyponyme	noun	fra
Richter	properNoun	oci	Richter	properNoun	fra
savi	noun	oci	sage	noun	fra
conéisser	verb	oci	connaître	verb	fra
Mahmud Abbas	properNoun	oci	Mahmoud Abbas	properNoun	fra
persistir	verb	oci	persister	verb	fra
dogmatic	adjective	oci	dogmatique	adjective	fra
Casimir	properNoun	oci	Casimir	properNoun	fra
Matencio	properNoun	oci	Matencio	properNoun	fra
Gabarron	properNoun	oci	Gabarron	properNoun	fra
Andriuzzi	properNoun	oci	Andriuzzi	properNoun	fra
prusina	noun	oci	démangeaison	noun	fra
reservacion	noun	oci	réserve	noun	fra
reservacion	noun	oci	réservation	noun	fra
Fabi	properNoun	oci	Fabi	properNoun	fra
fidèu	adjective	oci	fidèle	adjective	fra
avaria	noun	oci	avarie	noun	fra
terminologic	adjective	oci	terminologique	adjective	fra
alimentari	adjective	oci	alimentaire	adjective	fra
ambiciós	noun	oci	ambitieux	noun	fra
en despièit de	preposition	oci	en dépit de	preposition	fra
Koneak	properNoun	oci	Koneak	properNoun	fra
Senz	properNoun	oci	Senz	properNoun	fra
metallurgista	noun	oci	métallurgiste	noun	fra
Llera	properNoun	oci	Llera	properNoun	fra
Amengual	properNoun	oci	Amengual	properNoun	fra
Martinet	properNoun	oci	Martinet	properNoun	fra
Dostaler	properNoun	oci	Dostaler	properNoun	fra
von Metternich	properNoun	oci	von Metternich	properNoun	fra
Le Chevallier	properNoun	oci	Le Chevallier	properNoun	fra
polemic	adjective	oci	polémique	adjective	fra
estat	noun	oci	état	noun	fra
Lincourt	properNoun	oci	Lincourt	properNoun	fra
jogaire	noun	oci	joueur	noun	fra
concís	adjective	oci	concis	adjective	fra
Batalla	properNoun	oci	Batalla	properNoun	fra
reconduccion	noun	oci	reconduction	noun	fra
vulgar	adjective	oci	vulgaire	adjective	fra
piroman	noun	oci	pyromane	noun	fra
Nelli	properNoun	oci	Nelli	properNoun	fra
Audubon	properNoun	oci	Audubon	properNoun	fra
Kamel	properNoun	oci	Kamel	properNoun	fra
rufar	verb	oci	rider	verb	fra
Rahola	properNoun	oci	Rahola	properNoun	fra
Pujol i Soley	properNoun	oci	Pujol i Soley	properNoun	fra
saussissa	noun	oci	saucisse	noun	fra
apocalipsi	noun	oci	apocalypse	noun	fra
terrassenc	adjective	oci	tellurique	adjective	fra
Moscardó	properNoun	oci	Moscardó	properNoun	fra
Agostini	properNoun	oci	Agostini	properNoun	fra
Lhèida	properNoun	oci	Lérida	properNoun	fra
indivisible	adjective	oci	indivisible	adjective	fra
Cuyás	properNoun	oci	Cuyás	properNoun	fra
aisset	noun	oci	aissette	noun	fra
Torena	properNoun	oci	Touraine	properNoun	fra
dins una mendre mesura	adverb	oci	à une moindre échelle	adverb	fra
Cadenas	properNoun	oci	Cadenas	properNoun	fra
Beloki	properNoun	oci	Beloki	properNoun	fra
activament	adverb	oci	activement	adverb	fra
amargantor	noun	oci	amertume	noun	fra
Perkins	properNoun	oci	Perkins	properNoun	fra
odorat	noun	oci	odorat	noun	fra
Wyoming	properNoun	oci	Wyoming	properNoun	fra
alba	noun	oci	aube	noun	fra
quicòm coma	adverb	oci	environ	adverb	fra
Iváñez	properNoun	oci	Iváñez	properNoun	fra
endeutar	verb	oci	endetter	verb	fra
servile	adjective	oci	servile	adjective	fra
benvenguda	noun	oci	bienvenue	noun	fra
Juarez	properNoun	oci	Juarez	properNoun	fra
Daoust	properNoun	oci	Daoust	properNoun	fra
antropogenèsi	noun	oci	anthropogenèse	noun	fra
alen	noun	oci	souffle	noun	fra
desmobilizacion	noun	oci	démobilisation	noun	fra
Vallejos	properNoun	oci	Vallejos	properNoun	fra
Mikel	properNoun	oci	Mikel	properNoun	fra
embonilh	noun	oci	nombril	noun	fra
sabla	noun	oci	arène	noun	fra
sabla	noun	oci	sable	noun	fra
Levac	properNoun	oci	Levac	properNoun	fra
Melia	properNoun	oci	Melia	properNoun	fra
legislacion	noun	oci	législation	noun	fra
empiricament	adverb	oci	empiriquement	adverb	fra
tributari	adjective	oci	tributaire	adjective	fra
primitivament	adverb	oci	parcimonieusement	adverb	fra
Jolin	properNoun	oci	Jolin	properNoun	fra
vertiginós	adjective	oci	vertigineux	adjective	fra
Capdevila	properNoun	oci	Capdevila	properNoun	fra
Châteauroux	properNoun	oci	Châteauroux	properNoun	fra
nuditat	noun	oci	nudité	noun	fra
Bartolomé	properNoun	oci	Bartolomé	properNoun	fra
Balasingam	properNoun	oci	Balasingam	properNoun	fra
cm	noun	oci	cm	noun	fra
enfonilh	noun	oci	entonnoir	noun	fra
Béatrice	properNoun	oci	Béatrice	properNoun	fra
inapercebut	adjective	oci	inaperçu	adjective	fra
comolar	verb	oci	combler	verb	fra
absida	noun	oci	abside	noun	fra
Schiavone	properNoun	oci	Schiavone	properNoun	fra
pròpri	adjective	oci	propre	adjective	fra
Ivette	properNoun	oci	Ivette	properNoun	fra
Verlaine	properNoun	oci	Verlaine	properNoun	fra
castrisme	noun	oci	castrisme	noun	fra
convier	verb	oci	convenir	verb	fra
Desorcy	properNoun	oci	Desorcy	properNoun	fra
Palmieri	properNoun	oci	Palmieri	properNoun	fra
Farias	properNoun	oci	Farias	properNoun	fra
subretot que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	surtout que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Courval	properNoun	oci	Courval	properNoun	fra
Duband	properNoun	oci	Duband	properNoun	fra
orografia	noun	oci	orographie	noun	fra
desespèr	noun	oci	désespoir	noun	fra
Urtxegi	properNoun	oci	Urtxegi	properNoun	fra
Patenaude	properNoun	oci	Patenaude	properNoun	fra
Montalbano	properNoun	oci	Montalbano	properNoun	fra
El Mouden	properNoun	oci	El Mouden	properNoun	fra
Pintal	properNoun	oci	Pintal	properNoun	fra
lo qual	relativePronoun	oci	lequel	relativePronoun	fra
filiacion	noun	oci	filiation	noun	fra
Guatemala	properNoun	oci	Guatemala	properNoun	fra
manten	noun	oci	maintien	noun	fra
manten	noun	oci	entretien	noun	fra
ges	adverb	oci	pas du tout	adverb	fra
exageracion	noun	oci	exagération	noun	fra
a poder de	preposition	oci	à force de	preposition	fra
Gamarra	properNoun	oci	Gamarra	properNoun	fra
cereret	noun	oci	garde-manger	noun	fra
intercomunalitat	noun	oci	intercommunalité	noun	fra
manomètre	noun	oci	manomètre	noun	fra
Godino	properNoun	oci	Godino	properNoun	fra
Olivencia	properNoun	oci	Olivencia	properNoun	fra
Athletic	properNoun	oci	Athletic	properNoun	fra
Sans	properNoun	oci	Sans	properNoun	fra
Agripa	properNoun	oci	Agrippa	properNoun	fra
Agripa	properNoun	oci	Agripa	properNoun	fra
secrèt	adjective	oci	secret	adjective	fra
O'Rourke	properNoun	oci	O'Rourke	properNoun	fra
vintena	noun	oci	vingtaine	noun	fra
revisar	verb	oci	réviser	verb	fra
etèr	noun	oci	éther	noun	fra
meravelhós	adjective	oci	merveilleux	adjective	fra
Urkia	properNoun	oci	Urkia	properNoun	fra
metodologic	adjective	oci	méthodologique	adjective	fra
Diefenbaker	properNoun	oci	Diefenbaker	properNoun	fra
quèc	noun	oci	bègue	noun	fra
Mauleon	properNoun	oci	Mauléon	properNoun	fra
Delice	properNoun	oci	Delice	properNoun	fra
Caucci	properNoun	oci	Caucci	properNoun	fra
Guo	properNoun	oci	Guo	properNoun	fra
Ernoult	properNoun	oci	Ernoult	properNoun	fra
Fayad	properNoun	oci	Fayad	properNoun	fra
mantun	pronoun	oci	maint	pronoun	fra
electrosensible	noun	oci	électrosensible	noun	fra
autoria	noun	oci	responsabilité	noun	fra
mudar	verb	oci	muer	verb	fra
detalhat	adjective	oci	détaillé	adjective	fra
Saget	properNoun	oci	Saget	properNoun	fra
Bastia	properNoun	oci	Bastia	properNoun	fra
laberintic	adjective	oci	labyrinthique	adjective	fra
gus	noun	oci	gredin	noun	fra
estiu	noun	oci	été	noun	fra
Nogué	properNoun	oci	Nogué	properNoun	fra
escrutinh	noun	oci	scrutin	noun	fra
peticion	noun	oci	pétition	noun	fra
peticion	noun	oci	demande	noun	fra
negociabilitat	noun	oci	négociabilité	noun	fra
clavecin	noun	oci	clavecin	noun	fra
Conigliaro	properNoun	oci	Conigliaro	properNoun	fra
hostaleria	noun	oci	hôtellerie	noun	fra
notablament	adverb	oci	notablement	adverb	fra
interimari	adjective	oci	intérimaire	adjective	fra
camèra	noun	oci	caméra	noun	fra
mosca	noun	oci	mouche	noun	fra
Prévereau	properNoun	oci	Prévereau	properNoun	fra
Almirall	properNoun	oci	Almirall	properNoun	fra
illusionisme	noun	oci	illusionnisme	noun	fra
respiracion	noun	oci	respiration	noun	fra
Bowman	properNoun	oci	Bowman	properNoun	fra
idraulic	adjective	oci	hydraulique	adjective	fra
Levreault	properNoun	oci	Levreault	properNoun	fra
Bruzzese	properNoun	oci	Bruzzese	properNoun	fra
Arnault	properNoun	oci	Arnault	properNoun	fra
Marsden	properNoun	oci	Marsden	properNoun	fra
Adèn	properNoun	oci	Aden	properNoun	fra
admonestacion	noun	oci	admonestation	noun	fra
malastrosament	adverb	oci	malheureusement	adverb	fra
racisme	noun	oci	racisme	noun	fra
Heisenberg	properNoun	oci	Heisenberg	properNoun	fra
Sebastòple	properNoun	oci	Sébastopol	properNoun	fra
Marin	properNoun	oci	Marin	properNoun	fra
Gracia	properNoun	oci	Gracia	properNoun	fra
Génier	properNoun	oci	Génier	properNoun	fra
oganés	noun	oci	Ougandais	noun	fra
galeta	noun	oci	galette	noun	fra
Connecticut	properNoun	oci	Connecticut	properNoun	fra
voutat	adjective	oci	voûté	adjective	fra
Angelo	properNoun	oci	Angelo	properNoun	fra
vos meteis	pronoun	oci	vous-même	pronoun	fra
aristocracia	noun	oci	aristocratie	noun	fra
tipografic	adjective	oci	typographique	adjective	fra
von Hammerstein-Equord	properNoun	oci	von Hammerstein-Equord	properNoun	fra
definicion	noun	oci	définition	noun	fra
psicologia	noun	oci	psychologie	noun	fra
Alain	properNoun	oci	Alain	properNoun	fra
palatalizar	verb	oci	palataliser	verb	fra
McGwire	properNoun	oci	McGwire	properNoun	fra
nefologia	noun	oci	néphologie	noun	fra
Sandez	properNoun	oci	Sandez	properNoun	fra
Higuain	properNoun	oci	Higuain	properNoun	fra
eissordament	noun	oci	abasourdissement	noun	fra
malaute	adjective	oci	malade	adjective	fra
Tutusaus	properNoun	oci	Tutusaus	properNoun	fra
Caicedo	properNoun	oci	Caicedo	properNoun	fra
Crispo	properNoun	oci	Crispo	properNoun	fra
Mandri	properNoun	oci	Mandri	properNoun	fra
frasa	noun	oci	phrase	noun	fra
intolerable	adjective	oci	intolérable	adjective	fra
Aragón	properNoun	oci	Aragón	properNoun	fra
ausèl	noun	oci	oiseau	noun	fra
granetat	noun	oci	grandeur	noun	fra
intolerància	noun	oci	intolérance	noun	fra
fòrum	noun	oci	forum	noun	fra
perpendicularament	adverb	oci	perpendiculairement	adverb	fra
dotze	numeral	oci	douze	numeral	fra
sorrastra	noun	oci	demi-sœur	noun	fra
desemparament	noun	oci	déréliction	noun	fra
Bermeo	properNoun	oci	Bermeo	properNoun	fra
August	properNoun	oci	Auguste	properNoun	fra
August	properNoun	oci	August	properNoun	fra
dislexia	noun	oci	dyslexie	noun	fra
repoblar	verb	oci	repeupler	verb	fra
equivòc	adjective	oci	équivoque	adjective	fra
Damas	properNoun	oci	Damas	properNoun	fra
exogamia	noun	oci	exogamie	noun	fra
balear	adjective	oci	baléare	adjective	fra
Galvani	properNoun	oci	Galvani	properNoun	fra
detier	verb	oci	détenir	verb	fra
Cabré	properNoun	oci	Cabré	properNoun	fra
Bedoya	properNoun	oci	Bedoya	properNoun	fra
Ventosa	properNoun	oci	Ventosa	properNoun	fra
garnit	noun	oci	fourré	noun	fra
soluble	adjective	oci	soluble	adjective	fra
collècta	noun	oci	collecte	noun	fra
díder	verb	oci	dire	verb	fra
albigés	noun	oci	albigeois	noun	fra
Perdomo	properNoun	oci	Perdomo	properNoun	fra
mieitat	noun	oci	moitié	noun	fra
didactica	noun	oci	didactique	noun	fra
aspror	noun	oci	âcreté	noun	fra
interposicion	noun	oci	interposition	noun	fra
Iraola	properNoun	oci	Iraola	properNoun	fra
borgadeta	noun	oci	bourgade	noun	fra
Cubas Grau	properNoun	oci	Cubas Grau	properNoun	fra
Gurruchaga	properNoun	oci	Gurruchaga	properNoun	fra
Scott	properNoun	oci	Scott	properNoun	fra
Stayman	properNoun	oci	Stayman	properNoun	fra
associat	noun	oci	associé	noun	fra
plaidejar	verb	oci	plaider	verb	fra
Coulomb	properNoun	oci	Coulomb	properNoun	fra
Cantalejo	properNoun	oci	Cantalejo	properNoun	fra
Diego	properNoun	oci	Diego	properNoun	fra
Pagán	properNoun	oci	Pagán	properNoun	fra
St-Amand	properNoun	oci	St-Amand	properNoun	fra
costumar	verb	oci	costumer	verb	fra
AV	properNoun	oci	AV	properNoun	fra
Viña	properNoun	oci	Viña	properNoun	fra
Lavoisier	properNoun	oci	Lavoisier	properNoun	fra
Sarsanedas	properNoun	oci	Sarsanedas	properNoun	fra
Larochelle	properNoun	oci	Larochelle	properNoun	fra
desonèst	noun	oci	malhonnête	noun	fra
Euroregion	properNoun	oci	Eurorégion	properNoun	fra
volatilitat	noun	oci	volatilité	noun	fra
Chatelois	properNoun	oci	Chatelois	properNoun	fra
dicha	noun	oci	dicton	noun	fra
Picó	properNoun	oci	Picó	properNoun	fra
Lemaire	properNoun	oci	Lemaire	properNoun	fra
Víctor	properNoun	oci	Víctor	properNoun	fra
Ademola	properNoun	oci	Ademola	properNoun	fra
Duran	properNoun	oci	Duran	properNoun	fra
lineament	noun	oci	linéament	noun	fra
Mele	properNoun	oci	Mele	properNoun	fra
Chofre	properNoun	oci	Chofre	properNoun	fra
ciment	noun	oci	ciment	noun	fra
Salses	properNoun	oci	Salses	properNoun	fra
Rafart	properNoun	oci	Rafart	properNoun	fra
sequéncia	noun	oci	séquence	noun	fra
erbacèu	adjective	oci	herbacé	adjective	fra
sigmatisme	noun	oci	sigmatisme	noun	fra
Buyolo	properNoun	oci	Buyolo	properNoun	fra
Roures	properNoun	oci	Roures	properNoun	fra
individuacion	noun	oci	individuation	noun	fra
Hatch	properNoun	oci	Hatch	properNoun	fra
gimnasi	noun	oci	gymnase	noun	fra
periodicitat	noun	oci	périodicité	noun	fra
94n	adjective	oci	94ème	adjective	fra
Alsina	properNoun	oci	Alsina	properNoun	fra
Kostunica	properNoun	oci	Kostunica	properNoun	fra
ennautar	verb	oci	relever	verb	fra
ennautar	verb	oci	lever	verb	fra
ennautar	verb	oci	dresser	verb	fra
selector	noun	oci	sélecteur	noun	fra
plan	noun	oci	plan	noun	fra
tribut	noun	oci	tribut	noun	fra
cruga	noun	oci	cruche	noun	fra
Mach	properNoun	oci	Mach	properNoun	fra
menina	noun	oci	grand-mère	noun	fra
menina	noun	oci	grand-père	noun	fra
fin	noun	oci	fin	noun	fra
poligòn	noun	oci	polygone	noun	fra
Hernani	properNoun	oci	Hernani	properNoun	fra
adorador	adjective	oci	adorateur	adjective	fra
requèir	verb	oci	retomber	verb	fra
onccion	noun	oci	onction	noun	fra
Blanco	properNoun	oci	Blanco	properNoun	fra
Seco	properNoun	oci	Seco	properNoun	fra
Descartes	properNoun	oci	Descartes	properNoun	fra
imaginari	noun	oci	imaginaire	noun	fra
swazi	noun	oci	swazi	noun	fra
Jabbour	properNoun	oci	Jabbour	properNoun	fra
prim	noun	oci	mince	noun	fra
cavalariá	noun	oci	cavalerie	noun	fra
probable	adverb	oci	sans doute	adverb	fra
assasonar	verb	oci	assaisonner	verb	fra
Felx	properNoun	oci	Felx	properNoun	fra
Peñas	properNoun	oci	Peñas	properNoun	fra
Fleming	properNoun	oci	Fleming	properNoun	fra
Bordás	properNoun	oci	Bordás	properNoun	fra
agave	noun	oci	agave	noun	fra
altimètre	noun	oci	altimètre	noun	fra
coma per exemple	adverb	oci	comme par exemple	adverb	fra
Odonnell	properNoun	oci	Odonnell	properNoun	fra
personalizar	verb	oci	personnaliser	verb	fra
palfèrre	noun	oci	levier	noun	fra
Lallouz	properNoun	oci	Lallouz	properNoun	fra
McKinley	properNoun	oci	McKinley	properNoun	fra
Elisabèt	properNoun	oci	Élisabeth	properNoun	fra
Elisabèt	properNoun	oci	Elisabèt	properNoun	fra
naviri	noun	oci	navire	noun	fra
sosmarin	adjective	oci	sous-marin	adjective	fra
Pando	properNoun	oci	Pando	properNoun	fra
estrénher	verb	oci	enserrer	verb	fra
estrénher	verb	oci	étreindre	verb	fra
Thurmond	properNoun	oci	Thurmond	properNoun	fra
agnacion	noun	oci	agnation	noun	fra
perqué	noun	oci	pourquoi	noun	fra
Lalime	properNoun	oci	Lalime	properNoun	fra
arabizant	adjective	oci	arabisant	adjective	fra
Chamoun	properNoun	oci	Chamoun	properNoun	fra
poncion	noun	oci	ponction	noun	fra
galavard	adjective	oci	glouton	adjective	fra
incoatiu	adjective	oci	inchoatif	adjective	fra
Cédilotte	properNoun	oci	Cédilotte	properNoun	fra
cabra	noun	oci	chèvre	noun	fra
Ales	properNoun	oci	Ales	properNoun	fra
Beck	properNoun	oci	Beck	properNoun	fra
Simpsons	properNoun	oci	Simpsons	properNoun	fra
Piłsudski	properNoun	oci	Piłsudski	properNoun	fra
egotisme	noun	oci	égotisme	noun	fra
Koch	properNoun	oci	Koch	properNoun	fra
antisionista	noun	oci	antisioniste	noun	fra
Woodbury	properNoun	oci	Woodbury	properNoun	fra
nutricionista	noun	oci	nutritionniste	noun	fra
escampeta	noun	oci	fuite	noun	fra
Danone	properNoun	oci	Danone	properNoun	fra
Pushkin	properNoun	oci	Pouchkine	properNoun	fra
remòrca	noun	oci	remorque	noun	fra
immolar	verb	oci	immoler	verb	fra
onerós	adjective	oci	onéreux	adjective	fra
geocentric	adjective	oci	géocentrique	adjective	fra
fetiche	noun	oci	fétiche	noun	fra
près	adverb	oci	auprès	adverb	fra
près	adverb	oci	à côté	adverb	fra
près	adverb	oci	près	adverb	fra
natiu	adjective	oci	natif	adjective	fra
veterinari	adjective	oci	vétérinaire	adjective	fra
Abadal	properNoun	oci	Abadal	properNoun	fra
mai	coordinatingConjunction	oci	mais	coordinatingConjunction	fra
Estupe	properNoun	oci	Estupe	properNoun	fra
Whitebean	properNoun	oci	Whitebean	properNoun	fra
burundés	adjective	oci	burundais	adjective	fra
Arguello	properNoun	oci	Arguello	properNoun	fra
Voldemort	properNoun	oci	Voldemort	properNoun	fra
Antoun	properNoun	oci	Antoun	properNoun	fra
Webb	properNoun	oci	Webb	properNoun	fra
Abcazia	properNoun	oci	Abkhazie	properNoun	fra
nimesenc	adjective	oci	nîmois	adjective	fra
rafe	noun	oci	radis	noun	fra
Ostende	properNoun	oci	Ostende	properNoun	fra
Copenaga	properNoun	oci	Copenhague	properNoun	fra
inca	adjective	oci	inca	adjective	fra
dreita	noun	oci	droite	noun	fra
Besson	properNoun	oci	Besson	properNoun	fra
Suissa	properNoun	oci	Suissa	properNoun	fra
polistirèn	noun	oci	polystyrène	noun	fra
Llordes	properNoun	oci	Llordes	properNoun	fra
Chaussé	properNoun	oci	Chaussé	properNoun	fra
eclesiastic	noun	oci	ecclésiastique	noun	fra
messa	noun	oci	messe	noun	fra
mantun	determiner	oci	maint	determiner	fra
Santa	properNoun	oci	Santa	properNoun	fra
Christa	properNoun	oci	Christa	properNoun	fra
Montañez	properNoun	oci	Montañez	properNoun	fra
en plaça de	preposition	oci	au défaut de	preposition	fra
en plaça de	preposition	oci	à la place de	preposition	fra
Cisse	properNoun	oci	Cisse	properNoun	fra
Fornès	properNoun	oci	Fornès	properNoun	fra
acòrd	noun	oci	accord	noun	fra
Ballarin	properNoun	oci	Ballarin	properNoun	fra
separatiu	adjective	oci	séparatif	adjective	fra
cabussar	verb	oci	plonger	verb	fra
narrar	verb	oci	narrer	verb	fra
mirar	verb	oci	mirer	verb	fra
Primièr de l'An	properNoun	oci	Premier de l'an	properNoun	fra
Nuevo	properNoun	oci	Nuevo	properNoun	fra
inaccion	noun	oci	inaction	noun	fra
artritic	adjective	oci	arthritique	adjective	fra
Figueiredo	properNoun	oci	Figueiredo	properNoun	fra
guèrlhe	adjective	oci	louche	adjective	fra
guèrlhe	adjective	oci	bigle	adjective	fra
Tarré	properNoun	oci	Tarré	properNoun	fra
adultèri	noun	oci	adultère	noun	fra
lòt	noun	oci	lot	noun	fra
Valence	properNoun	oci	Valence	properNoun	fra
apellacion	noun	oci	appellation	noun	fra
Valente	properNoun	oci	Valente	properNoun	fra
parlant	adjective	oci	parlant	adjective	fra
Levi	properNoun	oci	Levi	properNoun	fra
CUP	noun	oci	CUP	noun	fra
neurosciéncia	noun	oci	neuroscience	noun	fra
Kitty	properNoun	oci	Kitty	properNoun	fra
Gousse	properNoun	oci	Gousse	properNoun	fra
Tamia	properNoun	oci	Tamia	properNoun	fra
dissociabilitat	noun	oci	dissociabilité	noun	fra
destinada	noun	oci	destinée	noun	fra
Berndt	properNoun	oci	Berndt	properNoun	fra
al despens de	preposition	oci	au dépens de	preposition	fra
al despens de	preposition	oci	aux dépens de	preposition	fra
cauçadura	noun	oci	chaussure	noun	fra
inalador	adjective	oci	inhalateur	adjective	fra
sofisticar	verb	oci	sophistiquer	verb	fra
Mula	properNoun	oci	Mula	properNoun	fra
reconeissença	noun	oci	reconnaissance	noun	fra
extrach	noun	oci	extrait	noun	fra
solidari	noun	oci	solidaire	noun	fra
documentar	verb	oci	documenter	verb	fra
Carpenter	properNoun	oci	Carpenter	properNoun	fra
Vizuete	properNoun	oci	Vizuete	properNoun	fra
rigid	adjective	oci	rigide	adjective	fra
Morier	properNoun	oci	Morier	properNoun	fra
Dupont	properNoun	oci	Dupont	properNoun	fra
Desmeules	properNoun	oci	Desmeules	properNoun	fra
Gadoua	properNoun	oci	Gadoua	properNoun	fra
indisciplina	noun	oci	indiscipline	noun	fra
Rompré	properNoun	oci	Rompré	properNoun	fra
Sinkovics	properNoun	oci	Sinkovics	properNoun	fra
Seyer	properNoun	oci	Seyer	properNoun	fra
Rubin	properNoun	oci	Rubin	properNoun	fra
Juanes	properNoun	oci	Juanes	properNoun	fra
Erau	properNoun	oci	Hérault	properNoun	fra
Laia	properNoun	oci	Laia	properNoun	fra
ambla	noun	oci	amble	noun	fra
Rivilla	properNoun	oci	Rivilla	properNoun	fra
bermudian	adjective	oci	bermudien	adjective	fra
Maroun	properNoun	oci	Maroun	properNoun	fra
Lacruz	properNoun	oci	Lacruz	properNoun	fra
agir	verb	oci	agir	verb	fra
Ahumada	properNoun	oci	Ahumada	properNoun	fra
Somoza	properNoun	oci	Somoza	properNoun	fra
Stamford	properNoun	oci	Stamford	properNoun	fra
fauta de	preposition	oci	à défaut de	preposition	fra
fauta de	preposition	oci	faute de	preposition	fra
préner	verb	oci	prendre	verb	fra
Asperger	properNoun	oci	Asperger	properNoun	fra
tecnicisme	noun	oci	technicisme	noun	fra
sandala	noun	oci	sandale	noun	fra
Parrilla	properNoun	oci	Parrilla	properNoun	fra
reproductor	noun	oci	reproducteur	noun	fra
aquisicion	noun	oci	acquisition	noun	fra
von Waldheim	properNoun	oci	von Waldheim	properNoun	fra
Fabra	properNoun	oci	Fabra	properNoun	fra
romanitat	noun	oci	romanité	noun	fra
vanuatuenc	adjective	oci	vanuatais	adjective	fra
Marois	properNoun	oci	Marois	properNoun	fra
administrat	adjective	oci	administré	adjective	fra
pesant	adjective	oci	lourd	adjective	fra
Mazzella	properNoun	oci	Mazzella	properNoun	fra
reapropriar	verb	oci	réapproprier	verb	fra
antioccitan	noun	oci	antioccitan	noun	fra
umanisme	noun	oci	humanisme	noun	fra
Monturiol	properNoun	oci	Monturiol	properNoun	fra
inviolable	adjective	oci	inviolable	adjective	fra
Gelin	properNoun	oci	Gelin	properNoun	fra
genealogista	noun	oci	généalogiste	noun	fra
tanc	noun	oci	tank	noun	fra
coratjós	noun	oci	courageux	noun	fra
sistematicitat	noun	oci	systématicité	noun	fra
Gutierrez	properNoun	oci	Gutierrez	properNoun	fra
melhor	noun	oci	meilleur	noun	fra
Chatbèrt	properNoun	oci	Chatbèrt	properNoun	fra
Marés	properNoun	oci	Marés	properNoun	fra
Prados	properNoun	oci	Prados	properNoun	fra
tsar	noun	oci	tsar	noun	fra
problematica	noun	oci	problématique	noun	fra
C	numeral	oci	C	numeral	fra
Archilla	properNoun	oci	Archilla	properNoun	fra
coirassa	noun	oci	cuirasse	noun	fra
assedat	noun	oci	assoiffé	noun	fra
mintat	noun	oci	moitié	noun	fra
Disney	properNoun	oci	Disney	properNoun	fra
Macgregor	properNoun	oci	Macgregor	properNoun	fra
Bernabeu	properNoun	oci	Bernabeu	properNoun	fra
Everest	properNoun	oci	Everest	properNoun	fra
Moisan	properNoun	oci	Moisan	properNoun	fra
fòssa	noun	oci	fosse	noun	fra
enflar	verb	oci	gonfler	verb	fra
permutacion	noun	oci	permutation	noun	fra
Champions	properNoun	oci	Champions	properNoun	fra
avançament	noun	oci	avancement	noun	fra
Priam	properNoun	oci	Priam	properNoun	fra
Busquet	properNoun	oci	Busquet	properNoun	fra
Schmidt	properNoun	oci	Schmidt	properNoun	fra
antifaissista	noun	oci	antifasciste	noun	fra
debàs	adverb	oci	bas	adverb	fra
entrebadat	adjective	oci	entrouvert	adjective	fra
afairista	adjective	oci	affairiste	adjective	fra
clavièr	noun	oci	clavier	noun	fra
controlar	verb	oci	contrôler	verb	fra
Casarilh	properNoun	oci	Casarilh	properNoun	fra
satisfèr	verb	oci	satisfaire	verb	fra
constant	adjective	oci	constant	adjective	fra
indiscrecion	noun	oci	indiscrétion	noun	fra
protidic	adjective	oci	protidique	adjective	fra
coesion	noun	oci	cohésion	noun	fra
aurièra	noun	oci	lisière	noun	fra
aurièra	noun	oci	orée	noun	fra
Sorribes	properNoun	oci	Sorribes	properNoun	fra
Lanouette	properNoun	oci	Lanouette	properNoun	fra
Thérèse	properNoun	oci	Thérèse	properNoun	fra
Voisard	properNoun	oci	Voisard	properNoun	fra
Valcarce	properNoun	oci	Valcarce	properNoun	fra
Brianso	properNoun	oci	Brianso	properNoun	fra
Heredero	properNoun	oci	Heredero	properNoun	fra
M	noun	oci	M	noun	fra
liquidacion	noun	oci	liquidation	noun	fra
Rius	properNoun	oci	Rius	properNoun	fra
Rotennmayer	properNoun	oci	Rotennmayer	properNoun	fra
Novoa	properNoun	oci	Novoa	properNoun	fra
von Weber	properNoun	oci	von Weber	properNoun	fra
Aaron	properNoun	oci	Aaron	properNoun	fra
revelar	verb	oci	révéler	verb	fra
edat	noun	oci	âge	noun	fra
cronometria	noun	oci	chronométrie	noun	fra
sintaxicament	adverb	oci	syntaxiquement	adverb	fra
globulós	adjective	oci	globuleux	adjective	fra
Karla	properNoun	oci	Karla	properNoun	fra
nadal	noun	oci	noël	noun	fra
Holt	properNoun	oci	Holt	properNoun	fra
mastegar	verb	oci	mâcher	verb	fra
Engordany	properNoun	oci	Engordany	properNoun	fra
Esqué	properNoun	oci	Esqué	properNoun	fra
timid	adjective	oci	timide	adjective	fra
Ràmia	properNoun	oci	Ràmia	properNoun	fra
omofonia	noun	oci	homophonie	noun	fra
tibar	verb	oci	raidir	verb	fra
òlmi	noun	oci	holmium	noun	fra
adaptable	adjective	oci	adaptable	adjective	fra
Dontigny	properNoun	oci	Dontigny	properNoun	fra
leninisme	noun	oci	léninisme	noun	fra
còntra	preposition	oci	contre	preposition	fra
dit	noun	oci	doigt	noun	fra
MTV	properNoun	oci	MTV	properNoun	fra
Alcalà	properNoun	oci	Alcalà	properNoun	fra
Colomer	properNoun	oci	Colomer	properNoun	fra
Limerick	properNoun	oci	Limerick	properNoun	fra
proboscide	noun	oci	proboscide	noun	fra
aice	adjective	oci	âpre	adjective	fra
anfibí	adjective	oci	amphibien	adjective	fra
Savage	properNoun	oci	Savage	properNoun	fra
marcian	noun	oci	Martien	noun	fra
Sanjosé	properNoun	oci	Sanjosé	properNoun	fra
Lescarbeau	properNoun	oci	Lescarbeau	properNoun	fra
irradiacion	noun	oci	rayonnement	noun	fra
irradiacion	noun	oci	irradiation	noun	fra
agressor	noun	oci	agresseur	noun	fra
Yuen	properNoun	oci	Yuen	properNoun	fra
aterriment	noun	oci	atterrissage	noun	fra
generador	noun	oci	générateur	noun	fra
cauçada	noun	oci	chaussée	noun	fra
Ferrand	properNoun	oci	Fernand	properNoun	fra
vilatgenc	adjective	oci	villageois	adjective	fra
vedèth	noun	oci	veau	noun	fra
chaurit	noun	oci	sabbat	noun	fra
esclata	noun	oci	crevasse	noun	fra
descentralizacion	noun	oci	décentralisation	noun	fra
Curvà	properNoun	oci	Curvà	properNoun	fra
Enseñat	properNoun	oci	Enseñat	properNoun	fra
Barrow	properNoun	oci	Barrow	properNoun	fra
alara	adverb	oci	lors	adverb	fra
alara	adverb	oci	alors	adverb	fra
Galicia	properNoun	oci	Galicia	properNoun	fra
Gisèle	properNoun	oci	Gisèle	properNoun	fra
epopèia	noun	oci	épopée	noun	fra
casèrna	noun	oci	caserne	noun	fra
Melo	properNoun	oci	Melo	properNoun	fra
pericle	noun	oci	foudre	noun	fra
bijeccion	noun	oci	bijection	noun	fra
drenatge	noun	oci	drainage	noun	fra
64n	adjective	oci	64ème	adjective	fra
cornissa	noun	oci	corniche	noun	fra
Fisas	properNoun	oci	Fisas	properNoun	fra
Tailleur	properNoun	oci	Tailleur	properNoun	fra
Guillamón	properNoun	oci	Guillamón	properNoun	fra
nus	noun	oci	nu	noun	fra
Cañero	properNoun	oci	Cañero	properNoun	fra
potincan	noun	oci	shako	noun	fra
interior	adjective	oci	intérieur	adjective	fra
Monclús	properNoun	oci	Monclús	properNoun	fra
Raimon Rogièr	properNoun	oci	Ramon Roger	properNoun	fra
capitala	noun	oci	capitale	noun	fra
megafòn	noun	oci	mégaphone	noun	fra
girbaud	noun	oci	goujat	noun	fra
Delagrave	properNoun	oci	Delagrave	properNoun	fra
estratificacion	noun	oci	stratification	noun	fra
Pélissier	properNoun	oci	Pélissier	properNoun	fra
estetica	noun	oci	esthétique	noun	fra
Namibia	properNoun	oci	Namibie	properNoun	fra
mitificacion	noun	oci	mystification	noun	fra
indexacion	noun	oci	indexation	noun	fra
quimic	adjective	oci	chimique	adjective	fra
plegar	verb	oci	plier	verb	fra
plegar	verb	oci	ployer	verb	fra
saber	verb	oci	savoir	verb	fra
Caríntia	properNoun	oci	Carinthie	properNoun	fra
au luòc de	preposition	oci	au lieu de	preposition	fra
Charlton	properNoun	oci	Charlton	properNoun	fra
corrosiu	adjective	oci	corrosif	adjective	fra
Mario	properNoun	oci	Mario	properNoun	fra
Alcón	properNoun	oci	Alcón	properNoun	fra
Reggio	properNoun	oci	Reggio	properNoun	fra
egiptològ	noun	oci	égyptologue	noun	fra
melhorar	verb	oci	améliorer	verb	fra
McDuff	properNoun	oci	McDuff	properNoun	fra
nafrar	verb	oci	blesser	verb	fra
Nigèr	properNoun	oci	Niger	properNoun	fra
irondèla	noun	oci	hirondelle	noun	fra
paleontològ	noun	oci	paléontologue	noun	fra
sepultura	noun	oci	sépulture	noun	fra
esponga	noun	oci	éponge	noun	fra
Arnaldo	properNoun	oci	Arnaldo	properNoun	fra
Updike	properNoun	oci	Updike	properNoun	fra
Orange	properNoun	oci	Orange	properNoun	fra
Llusa	properNoun	oci	Llusa	properNoun	fra
Terry	properNoun	oci	Terry	properNoun	fra
Tennyson	properNoun	oci	Tennyson	properNoun	fra
frescor	noun	oci	fraîcheur	noun	fra
Bachand	properNoun	oci	Bachand	properNoun	fra
susfàcia	noun	oci	surface	noun	fra
sorditge	noun	oci	surdité	noun	fra
Saulnier	properNoun	oci	Saulnier	properNoun	fra
FLN	noun	oci	FLN	noun	fra
Meza	properNoun	oci	Meza	properNoun	fra
Expósito	properNoun	oci	Expósito	properNoun	fra
Company	properNoun	oci	Company	properNoun	fra
Guimerá	properNoun	oci	Guimerá	properNoun	fra
intimitat	noun	oci	intimité	noun	fra
de Sousa	properNoun	oci	de Sousa	properNoun	fra
Pagé	properNoun	oci	Pagé	properNoun	fra
total	noun	oci	total	noun	fra
Arrugaeta	properNoun	oci	Arrugaeta	properNoun	fra
gesticular	verb	oci	gesticuler	verb	fra
cordèla	noun	oci	lacet	noun	fra
Oiartzabal	properNoun	oci	Oiartzabal	properNoun	fra
mai tard	adverb	oci	plus tard	adverb	fra
jovença	noun	oci	jeunesse	noun	fra
cèrt	adjective	oci	certain	adjective	fra
Tauste	properNoun	oci	Tauste	properNoun	fra
Hester	properNoun	oci	Hester	properNoun	fra
Montal	properNoun	oci	Montal	properNoun	fra
Fabrici	properNoun	oci	Fabrici	properNoun	fra
Lorraine	properNoun	oci	Lorraine	properNoun	fra
Darwiche	properNoun	oci	Darwiche	properNoun	fra
èdra	noun	oci	lierre	noun	fra
Day	properNoun	oci	Day	properNoun	fra
Roth	properNoun	oci	Roth	properNoun	fra
còst	noun	oci	coût	noun	fra
Matarí	properNoun	oci	Matarí	properNoun	fra
celar	verb	oci	celer	verb	fra
apologetic	adjective	oci	apologétique	adjective	fra
Rúa	properNoun	oci	Rúa	properNoun	fra
Eisenhower	properNoun	oci	Eisenhower	properNoun	fra
Ávalos	properNoun	oci	Ávalos	properNoun	fra
Marchán	properNoun	oci	Marchán	properNoun	fra
Corina	properNoun	oci	Corina	properNoun	fra
arcaïc	adjective	oci	archaïque	adjective	fra
Centellas	properNoun	oci	Centellas	properNoun	fra
amb lo pretèxt de	preposition	oci	au prétexte de	preposition	fra
Mubàrak	properNoun	oci	Mubàrak	properNoun	fra
claretat	noun	oci	clarté	noun	fra
Bizet	properNoun	oci	Bizet	properNoun	fra
modèrn	adjective	oci	moderne	adjective	fra
Gillis	properNoun	oci	Gillis	properNoun	fra
semiautomatic	adjective	oci	semi-automatique	adjective	fra
Méndez	properNoun	oci	Méndez	properNoun	fra
certificar	verb	oci	certifier	verb	fra
enterrar	verb	oci	enterrer	verb	fra
enterrar	verb	oci	terrer	verb	fra
Gibert	properNoun	oci	Gibert	properNoun	fra
Romano Prodi	properNoun	oci	Romano Prodi	properNoun	fra
Belley	properNoun	oci	Belley	properNoun	fra
Dorothée	properNoun	oci	Dorothée	properNoun	fra
Ruskin	properNoun	oci	Ruskin	properNoun	fra
contunh	adjective	oci	continu	adjective	fra
tempsada	noun	oci	période	noun	fra
saur	adjective	oci	blond	adjective	fra
Boixadera	properNoun	oci	Boixadera	properNoun	fra
noblilhon	noun	oci	hobereau	noun	fra
Ferreté	properNoun	oci	Ferreté	properNoun	fra
Roigé	properNoun	oci	Roigé	properNoun	fra
Mariam	properNoun	oci	Mariam	properNoun	fra
gramatician	noun	oci	grammairien	noun	fra
Bralo	properNoun	oci	Bralo	properNoun	fra
Piña	properNoun	oci	Piña	properNoun	fra
Bournival	properNoun	oci	Bournival	properNoun	fra
comptabilizar	verb	oci	comptabiliser	verb	fra
Moncusí	properNoun	oci	Moncusí	properNoun	fra
Chiraz	properNoun	oci	Chiraz	properNoun	fra
Asencio	properNoun	oci	Asencio	properNoun	fra
Sacristán	properNoun	oci	Sacristán	properNoun	fra
vulnerabilitat	noun	oci	vulnérabilité	noun	fra
Estévez	properNoun	oci	Estévez	properNoun	fra
sètge	noun	oci	siège	noun	fra
tamb	preposition	oci	avec	preposition	fra
reprendre	verb	oci	reprendre	verb	fra
gausar	verb	oci	oser	verb	fra
Fuller	properNoun	oci	Fuller	properNoun	fra
infantil	adjective	oci	infantile	adjective	fra
Alexandrine	properNoun	oci	Alexandrine	properNoun	fra
tromba	noun	oci	trombe	noun	fra
Limones	properNoun	oci	Limones	properNoun	fra
Dupuis	properNoun	oci	Dupuis	properNoun	fra
Prentice	properNoun	oci	Prentice	properNoun	fra
agitar	verb	oci	agiter	verb	fra
rèiretanta	noun	oci	grand-tante	noun	fra
Sara	properNoun	oci	Sara	properNoun	fra
Welch	properNoun	oci	Welch	properNoun	fra
Madelaine	properNoun	oci	Madelaine	properNoun	fra
Régimbald	properNoun	oci	Régimbald	properNoun	fra
gesticulacion	noun	oci	gesticulation	noun	fra
cosinièr	noun	oci	cuisinier	noun	fra
Jackie	properNoun	oci	Jackie	properNoun	fra
Grífol	properNoun	oci	Grífol	properNoun	fra
percussion	noun	oci	percussion	noun	fra
presupausar	verb	oci	présupposer	verb	fra
regatge	noun	oci	sillage	noun	fra
equilibrisme	noun	oci	équilibrisme	noun	fra
protozoari	noun	oci	protozoaire	noun	fra
Schiera	properNoun	oci	Schiera	properNoun	fra
Moros	properNoun	oci	Moros	properNoun	fra
chambra	noun	oci	chambre	noun	fra
van Gaal	properNoun	oci	van Gaal	properNoun	fra
es per aquò que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	c'est pour cela que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Dean	properNoun	oci	Dean	properNoun	fra
Phnom Penh	properNoun	oci	Phnom Penh	properNoun	fra
deténer	verb	oci	détenir	verb	fra
imperialista	adjective	oci	impérialiste	adjective	fra
Canalejo	properNoun	oci	Canalejo	properNoun	fra
mascle	adjective	oci	mâle	adjective	fra
Longtin	properNoun	oci	Longtin	properNoun	fra
punk	adjective	oci	punk	adjective	fra
Chamaillard	properNoun	oci	Chamaillard	properNoun	fra
nevièr	noun	oci	névé	noun	fra
verai	adverb	oci	vrai	adverb	fra
Enrique	properNoun	oci	Enrique	properNoun	fra
Stone	properNoun	oci	Stone	properNoun	fra
bastiment	noun	oci	bâtiment	noun	fra
jos	adverb	oci	dessous	adverb	fra
portable	noun	oci	portable	noun	fra
Ramis	properNoun	oci	Ramis	properNoun	fra
Nieve	properNoun	oci	Nieve	properNoun	fra
acceleromètre	noun	oci	accéléromètre	noun	fra
innocent	adjective	oci	innocent	adjective	fra
normand	noun	oci	normand	noun	fra
illicit	adjective	oci	illicite	adjective	fra
a flor e a mesura	adverb	oci	au fur et à mesure	adverb	fra
curiós	adjective	oci	curieux	adjective	fra
Huet	properNoun	oci	Huet	properNoun	fra
orador	noun	oci	orateur	noun	fra
precedent	adjective	oci	précédent	adjective	fra
Am	properNoun	oci	Am	properNoun	fra
Novak	properNoun	oci	Novak	properNoun	fra
usura	noun	oci	usure	noun	fra
denegacion	noun	oci	dénégation	noun	fra
Bastarache	properNoun	oci	Bastarache	properNoun	fra
competitivitat	noun	oci	compétitivité	noun	fra
desir	noun	oci	désir	noun	fra
desir	noun	oci	souhait	noun	fra
livid	adjective	oci	livide	adjective	fra
venta	noun	oci	vente	noun	fra
aigarèla	noun	oci	aquarelle	noun	fra
quinzena	noun	oci	quinzaine	noun	fra
Al Pacino	properNoun	oci	Al Pacino	properNoun	fra
Llobet	properNoun	oci	Llobet	properNoun	fra
impressionant	adjective	oci	impressionnant	adjective	fra
pòta	noun	oci	lèvre	noun	fra
un còp	adverb	oci	une fois	adverb	fra
albanés	adjective	oci	albanais	adjective	fra
baissa	noun	oci	baisse	noun	fra
Althot	properNoun	oci	Althot	properNoun	fra
von Lenbach	properNoun	oci	von Lenbach	properNoun	fra
Esther	properNoun	oci	Esther	properNoun	fra
Cabanillas	properNoun	oci	Cabanillas	properNoun	fra
Bustos	properNoun	oci	Bustos	properNoun	fra
van Beethoven	properNoun	oci	van Beethoven	properNoun	fra
fichièr	noun	oci	fichier	noun	fra
Cisa	properNoun	oci	Cisa	properNoun	fra
Aymami	properNoun	oci	Aymami	properNoun	fra
frairesa	noun	oci	fraternité	noun	fra
Servant	properNoun	oci	Servant	properNoun	fra
Cheung	properNoun	oci	Cheung	properNoun	fra
Magnan	properNoun	oci	Magnan	properNoun	fra
arrestar	verb	oci	arrêter	verb	fra
reconstrusir	verb	oci	reconstruire	verb	fra
racista	adjective	oci	raciste	adjective	fra
esperanto	noun	oci	espéranto	noun	fra
Connolly	properNoun	oci	Connolly	properNoun	fra
Montull	properNoun	oci	Montull	properNoun	fra
Miholjevic	properNoun	oci	Miholjevic	properNoun	fra
Jeanne	properNoun	oci	Jeanne	properNoun	fra
milen	adjective	oci	millième	adjective	fra
profan	adjective	oci	profane	adjective	fra
amistós	adjective	oci	amical	adjective	fra
remolinada	noun	oci	remous	noun	fra
Auden	properNoun	oci	Auden	properNoun	fra
galejada	noun	oci	plaisanterie	noun	fra
galejada	noun	oci	blague	noun	fra
Persaud	properNoun	oci	Persaud	properNoun	fra
Mozo	properNoun	oci	Mozo	properNoun	fra
Laperle	properNoun	oci	Laperle	properNoun	fra
setiar	verb	oci	asseoir	verb	fra
piós	adjective	oci	pieux	adjective	fra
Peñafiel	properNoun	oci	Peñafiel	properNoun	fra
Fletcher	properNoun	oci	Fletcher	properNoun	fra
còbra	noun	oci	cobra	noun	fra
Suzette	properNoun	oci	Suzette	properNoun	fra
Lèpid	properNoun	oci	Lèpid	properNoun	fra
Strauss-Kahn	properNoun	oci	Strauss-Kahn	properNoun	fra
Coves	properNoun	oci	Coves	properNoun	fra
Ruth	properNoun	oci	Ruth	properNoun	fra
Arabí	properNoun	oci	Arabí	properNoun	fra
Magellan	properNoun	oci	Magellan	properNoun	fra
barra	noun	oci	barre	noun	fra
lipid	noun	oci	lipide	noun	fra
autonòm	adjective	oci	autonome	adjective	fra
comunautat	noun	oci	communauté	noun	fra
Badajoz	properNoun	oci	Badajoz	properNoun	fra
Lusaka	properNoun	oci	Lusaka	properNoun	fra
Rafales	properNoun	oci	Rafales	properNoun	fra
Alam	properNoun	oci	Alam	properNoun	fra
fart	adjective	oci	repu	adjective	fra
Plans	properNoun	oci	Plans	properNoun	fra
vivament	adverb	oci	vivement	adverb	fra
Escuer	properNoun	oci	Escuer	properNoun	fra
impedància	noun	oci	impédance	noun	fra
sibaritisme	noun	oci	sybaritisme	noun	fra
localament	adverb	oci	localement	adverb	fra
collòqui	noun	oci	colloque	noun	fra
desplaçament	noun	oci	déplacement	noun	fra
Janus	properNoun	oci	Janus	properNoun	fra
euforizant	adjective	oci	euphorisant	adjective	fra
Parenteau	properNoun	oci	Parenteau	properNoun	fra
Guzmán	properNoun	oci	Guzmán	properNoun	fra
Jobin	properNoun	oci	Jobin	properNoun	fra
descorar	verb	oci	écœurer	verb	fra
descorar	verb	oci	décourager	verb	fra
manhòti	noun	oci	passereau	noun	fra
cronometrar	verb	oci	chronométrer	verb	fra
Moses	properNoun	oci	Moses	properNoun	fra
bonificar	verb	oci	bonifier	verb	fra
paure	adjective	oci	pauvre	adjective	fra
dramatic	adjective	oci	dramatique	adjective	fra
taulèu	noun	oci	tableau	noun	fra
Becker	properNoun	oci	Becker	properNoun	fra
cres	noun	oci	grès	noun	fra
CiU	noun	oci	CiU	noun	fra
paludisme	noun	oci	malaria	noun	fra
paludisme	noun	oci	paludisme	noun	fra
intensiu	adjective	oci	intensif	adjective	fra
Arizòna	properNoun	oci	Arizona	properNoun	fra
Pedrol	properNoun	oci	Pedrol	properNoun	fra
possessor	noun	oci	possesseur	noun	fra
marc	noun	oci	cadre	noun	fra
marc	noun	oci	marc	noun	fra
Temistòcles	properNoun	oci	Thémistocle	properNoun	fra
catorze	numeral	oci	quatorze	numeral	fra
menaçaire	adjective	oci	menaçant	adjective	fra
Torrecilla	properNoun	oci	Torrecilla	properNoun	fra
Casares Quiroga	properNoun	oci	Casares Quiroga	properNoun	fra
Labillois	properNoun	oci	Labillois	properNoun	fra
comic	adjective	oci	comique	adjective	fra
descauçar	verb	oci	déchausser	verb	fra
veterinari	noun	oci	vétérinaire	noun	fra
multiplicitat	noun	oci	multiplicité	noun	fra
cretinisme	noun	oci	crétinisme	noun	fra
descríuer	verb	oci	décrire	verb	fra
talhièr	noun	oci	atelier	noun	fra
economizar	verb	oci	économiser	verb	fra
Larue	properNoun	oci	Larue	properNoun	fra
anoblir	verb	oci	anoblir	verb	fra
Benoit	properNoun	oci	Benoit	properNoun	fra
baltic	noun	oci	Balte	noun	fra
setanta uèch	numeral	oci	soixante-dix-huit	numeral	fra
paucval	noun	oci	canaille	noun	fra
von Wimpffen	properNoun	oci	von Wimpffen	properNoun	fra
Lviv	properNoun	oci	Lviv	properNoun	fra
Illán	properNoun	oci	Illán	properNoun	fra
Alcindor	properNoun	oci	Alcindor	properNoun	fra
Hernandis	properNoun	oci	Hernandis	properNoun	fra
Boulet	properNoun	oci	Boulet	properNoun	fra
intim	adjective	oci	intime	adjective	fra
von Auersperg	properNoun	oci	von Auersperg	properNoun	fra
ambladura	noun	oci	amble	noun	fra
academician	noun	oci	académicien	noun	fra
Gers	properNoun	oci	Gers	properNoun	fra
fòra de	preposition	oci	hormis	preposition	fra
declinisme	noun	oci	déclinisme	noun	fra
irètge	adjective	oci	irascible	adjective	fra
nord-oèst	adjective	oci	nord-ouest	adjective	fra
tirant	noun	oci	tirant	noun	fra
Galilei	properNoun	oci	Galilei	properNoun	fra
Lazore	properNoun	oci	Lazore	properNoun	fra
Álvaro	properNoun	oci	Álvaro	properNoun	fra
norvegian	adjective	oci	norvégien	adjective	fra
individualizar	verb	oci	individualiser	verb	fra
contradictòri	adjective	oci	contradictoire	adjective	fra
Cerdá	properNoun	oci	Cerdá	properNoun	fra
abonament	noun	oci	abonnement	noun	fra
idolatria	noun	oci	idolâtrie	noun	fra
Carr	properNoun	oci	Carr	properNoun	fra
anarcosindicalisme	noun	oci	anarcho-syndicalisme	noun	fra
Hogan	properNoun	oci	Hogan	properNoun	fra
lucha	noun	oci	lutte	noun	fra
capinhada	noun	oci	querelle	noun	fra
pressumpcion	noun	oci	présomption	noun	fra
Bénard	properNoun	oci	Bénard	properNoun	fra
Iannuzzi	properNoun	oci	Iannuzzi	properNoun	fra
Bellver	properNoun	oci	Bellver	properNoun	fra
maldivian	adjective	oci	maldivien	adjective	fra
en activitat	adverb	oci	en activité	adverb	fra
ineligibilitat	noun	oci	inéligibilité	noun	fra
concili	noun	oci	concile	noun	fra
glaujòl	noun	oci	glaïeul	noun	fra
discontinuitat	noun	oci	discontinuité	noun	fra
paganizar	verb	oci	paganiser	verb	fra
vint-e-cinc	numeral	oci	vingt-cinq	numeral	fra
efèit	noun	oci	effet	noun	fra
Falguera	properNoun	oci	Falguera	properNoun	fra
viticultor	noun	oci	viticulteur	noun	fra
ferromagnetic	adjective	oci	ferromagnétique	adjective	fra
Lillo	properNoun	oci	Lillo	properNoun	fra
quatren	adjective	oci	quatrième	adjective	fra
Traore	properNoun	oci	Traore	properNoun	fra
allotròp	noun	oci	allotrope	noun	fra
tenebrós	adjective	oci	ténébreux	adjective	fra
banhat	adjective	oci	mouillé	adjective	fra
collectivizacion	noun	oci	collectivisation	noun	fra
mercat	noun	oci	marché	noun	fra
arrecuélher	verb	oci	recueillir	verb	fra
Fallon	properNoun	oci	Fallon	properNoun	fra
cot	noun	oci	cotte	noun	fra
a la davalada	adverb	oci	à l'automne	adverb	fra
Zafra	properNoun	oci	Zafra	properNoun	fra
erbicidi	noun	oci	herbicide	noun	fra
Liv	properNoun	oci	Liv	properNoun	fra
vetar	verb	oci	mettre son veto à	verb	fra
Monllau	properNoun	oci	Monllau	properNoun	fra
Papazian	properNoun	oci	Papazian	properNoun	fra
Roldán	properNoun	oci	Roldán	properNoun	fra
agiografia	noun	oci	hagiographie	noun	fra
Deom	properNoun	oci	Deom	properNoun	fra
consonantic	adjective	oci	consonantique	adjective	fra
descentralizar	verb	oci	décentraliser	verb	fra
Qiu	properNoun	oci	Qiu	properNoun	fra
sanha	noun	oci	marécage	noun	fra
sanha	noun	oci	marais	noun	fra
pinçan	noun	oci	pinson	noun	fra
PNB	noun	oci	PNB	noun	fra
terrissa	noun	oci	pisé	noun	fra
descubèrta	noun	oci	découverte	noun	fra
Calles	properNoun	oci	Calles	properNoun	fra
Eure e Loir	properNoun	oci	Eure-et-Loir	properNoun	fra
Defoy	properNoun	oci	Defoy	properNoun	fra
triste	adjective	oci	triste	adjective	fra
Solans	properNoun	oci	Solans	properNoun	fra
encra	adverb	oci	encore	adverb	fra
Arumugam	properNoun	oci	Arumugam	properNoun	fra
recòrd	adjective	oci	record	adjective	fra
Blanchart	properNoun	oci	Blanchart	properNoun	fra
tribuna	noun	oci	tribune	noun	fra
familha	noun	oci	famille	noun	fra
Mauresmo	properNoun	oci	Mauresmo	properNoun	fra
aromatic	adjective	oci	aromatique	adjective	fra
Fellowship	properNoun	oci	Fellowship	properNoun	fra
californian	noun	oci	Californien	noun	fra
venician	adjective	oci	vénitien	adjective	fra
Solomon	properNoun	oci	Solomon	properNoun	fra
Sylvester	properNoun	oci	Sylvester	properNoun	fra
audaciós	adjective	oci	audacieux	adjective	fra
unionisme	noun	oci	unionisme	noun	fra
Notre-Dame	properNoun	oci	Notre-Dame	properNoun	fra
ucrainian	noun	oci	Ukrainien	noun	fra
Corèa del Nòrd	properNoun	oci	Corée du Nord	properNoun	fra
Gu	properNoun	oci	Gu	properNoun	fra
optician	noun	oci	opticien	noun	fra
Wim	properNoun	oci	Wim	properNoun	fra
repressiu	adjective	oci	répressif	adjective	fra
desgropatge	noun	oci	dégroupage	noun	fra
inferior	noun	oci	inférieur	noun	fra
reintegracion	noun	oci	réintégration	noun	fra
Avilés	properNoun	oci	Avilés	properNoun	fra
anglicista	noun	oci	angliciste	noun	fra
Fabregó	properNoun	oci	Fabregó	properNoun	fra
espectroscòpi	noun	oci	spectroscope	noun	fra
Griffin	properNoun	oci	Griffin	properNoun	fra
aiguièr	noun	oci	évier	noun	fra
devisa	noun	oci	devise	noun	fra
Reguant	properNoun	oci	Reguant	properNoun	fra
Spielberg	properNoun	oci	Spielberg	properNoun	fra
Christian	properNoun	oci	Christian	properNoun	fra
Cantor	properNoun	oci	Cantor	properNoun	fra
malediccion	noun	oci	malédiction	noun	fra
Tella	properNoun	oci	Tella	properNoun	fra
Warren	properNoun	oci	Warren	properNoun	fra
Martí	properNoun	oci	Martí	properNoun	fra
far lèu	verb	oci	dépêcher	verb	fra
Maryland	properNoun	oci	Maryland	properNoun	fra
Ferrández	properNoun	oci	Ferrández	properNoun	fra
Ruby	properNoun	oci	Ruby	properNoun	fra
Devillers	properNoun	oci	Devillers	properNoun	fra
tier	verb	oci	avoir	verb	fra
Dipalma	properNoun	oci	Dipalma	properNoun	fra
Kaufman	properNoun	oci	Kaufman	properNoun	fra
Cauchy	properNoun	oci	Cauchy	properNoun	fra
Cendrós	properNoun	oci	Cendrós	properNoun	fra
Poliquin	properNoun	oci	Poliquin	properNoun	fra
executar	verb	oci	exécuter	verb	fra
Debye	properNoun	oci	Debye	properNoun	fra
Bergada	properNoun	oci	Bergada	properNoun	fra
Bobigny	properNoun	oci	Bobigny	properNoun	fra
Greenwood	properNoun	oci	Greenwood	properNoun	fra
logica	noun	oci	logique	noun	fra
Carbone	properNoun	oci	Carbone	properNoun	fra
prestigiós	adjective	oci	prestigieux	adjective	fra
intim	noun	oci	intime	noun	fra
Dauphinais	properNoun	oci	Dauphinais	properNoun	fra
Guggenheim	properNoun	oci	Guggenheim	properNoun	fra
predeterminar	verb	oci	prédéterminer	verb	fra
malhorqués	adjective	oci	majorquin	adjective	fra
anestesista	noun	oci	anesthésiste	noun	fra
Arena	properNoun	oci	Arena	properNoun	fra
blat	noun	oci	blé	noun	fra
Fullana	properNoun	oci	Fullana	properNoun	fra
Poincaré	properNoun	oci	Poincaré	properNoun	fra
frescura	noun	oci	fraîcheur	noun	fra
èx	noun	oci	ex	noun	fra
St-Louis	properNoun	oci	St-Louis	properNoun	fra
Das	properNoun	oci	Das	properNoun	fra
Jocelyn	properNoun	oci	Jocelyn	properNoun	fra
Dörler	properNoun	oci	Dörler	properNoun	fra
veus	noun	oci	veuf	noun	fra
Lucien	properNoun	oci	Lucien	properNoun	fra
Baqués	properNoun	oci	Baqués	properNoun	fra
Nixon	properNoun	oci	Nixon	properNoun	fra
de Arriba	properNoun	oci	de Arriba	properNoun	fra
Cristiana	properNoun	oci	Cristiana	properNoun	fra
Baldoma	properNoun	oci	Baldoma	properNoun	fra
Sarah	properNoun	oci	Sarah	properNoun	fra
Banegas	properNoun	oci	Banegas	properNoun	fra
Lefort	properNoun	oci	Lefort	properNoun	fra
Massó	properNoun	oci	Massó	properNoun	fra
sheisau	noun	oci	sixième	noun	fra
Jerry	properNoun	oci	Jerry	properNoun	fra
de cotria	adverb	oci	de concert	adverb	fra
trumèl	noun	oci	trumeau	noun	fra
Abidal	properNoun	oci	Abidal	properNoun	fra
cedir	verb	oci	céder	verb	fra
Dagostino	properNoun	oci	Dagostino	properNoun	fra
Borbonés	properNoun	oci	Bourbonnais	properNoun	fra
Foix	properNoun	oci	Foix	properNoun	fra
Peig	properNoun	oci	Peig	properNoun	fra
un chic abans	preposition	oci	un peu avant	preposition	fra
pluridisciplinari	adjective	oci	pluridisciplinaire	adjective	fra
produit	noun	oci	produit	noun	fra
bòrni	adjective	oci	borgne	adjective	fra
Bros	properNoun	oci	Bros	properNoun	fra
andalós	noun	oci	andalou	noun	fra
deontologia	noun	oci	déontologie	noun	fra
traveta	noun	oci	solive	noun	fra
iTunes	properNoun	oci	iTunes	properNoun	fra
tragicomic	adjective	oci	tragicomique	adjective	fra
Cabau	properNoun	oci	Cabau	properNoun	fra
Ricci	properNoun	oci	Ricci	properNoun	fra
astronomicament	adverb	oci	astronomiquement	adverb	fra
melhorança	noun	oci	amélioration	noun	fra
agilament	adverb	oci	agilement	adverb	fra
malhon	noun	oci	maillon	noun	fra
Castellon	properNoun	oci	Castellon	properNoun	fra
crostet	noun	oci	croûton	noun	fra
Murciano	properNoun	oci	Murciano	properNoun	fra
demissionar	verb	oci	démissionner	verb	fra
nosautres meteises	pronoun	oci	nous-même	pronoun	fra
nosautres meteises	pronoun	oci	nous-mêmes	pronoun	fra
reflector	noun	oci	réflecteur	noun	fra
Rajoy	properNoun	oci	Rajoy	properNoun	fra
nonanta	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-dix	numeral	fra
Pujols	properNoun	oci	Pujols	properNoun	fra
Bòsnia e Ercegovina	properNoun	oci	Bosnie-Herzégovine	properNoun	fra
imor	noun	oci	humidité	noun	fra
Marasciulo	properNoun	oci	Marasciulo	properNoun	fra
revoltar	verb	oci	révolter	verb	fra
relai	noun	oci	relais	noun	fra
quasiben	adverb	oci	presque	adverb	fra
Desmanches	properNoun	oci	Desmanches	properNoun	fra
Antolin	properNoun	oci	Antolin	properNoun	fra
allegacion	noun	oci	allégation	noun	fra
Santaella	properNoun	oci	Santaella	properNoun	fra
maqueta	noun	oci	maquette	noun	fra
auton	noun	oci	automne	noun	fra
circular	verb	oci	circuler	verb	fra
nacionalista	noun	oci	nationaliste	noun	fra
Larios	properNoun	oci	Larios	properNoun	fra
nauetat	noun	oci	nouveauté	noun	fra
Aimé	properNoun	oci	Aimé	properNoun	fra
Molino	properNoun	oci	Molino	properNoun	fra
premiar	verb	oci	décerner un prix	verb	fra
premiar	verb	oci	primer	verb	fra
Puy	properNoun	oci	Puy	properNoun	fra
Suanzes	properNoun	oci	Suanzes	properNoun	fra
protector	adjective	oci	protecteur	adjective	fra
escalabrar	verb	oci	grimper	verb	fra
debilitat	noun	oci	débilité	noun	fra
mèdia	noun	oci	média	noun	fra
Torné	properNoun	oci	Torné	properNoun	fra
lampresa	noun	oci	lamproie	noun	fra
sirian	adjective	oci	syrien	adjective	fra
Lahuerta	properNoun	oci	Lahuerta	properNoun	fra
parlar	verb	oci	parler	verb	fra
tronçon	noun	oci	tronçon	noun	fra
Tokelau	properNoun	oci	Tokelau	properNoun	fra
Junca	properNoun	oci	Junca	properNoun	fra
DMC	noun	oci	DMC	noun	fra
Truman	properNoun	oci	Truman	properNoun	fra
brochon	noun	oci	brindille	noun	fra
Jodie	properNoun	oci	Jodie	properNoun	fra
acetat	noun	oci	acétate	noun	fra
Calvet	properNoun	oci	Calvet	properNoun	fra
borsa	noun	oci	bourse	noun	fra
levitar	verb	oci	léviter	verb	fra
mar Baltica	properNoun	oci	mer Baltique	properNoun	fra
penós	adjective	oci	pénible	adjective	fra
Americas	properNoun	oci	Amériques	properNoun	fra
robustesa	noun	oci	robustesse	noun	fra
inalator	noun	oci	inhalateur	noun	fra
Cranmer	properNoun	oci	Cranmer	properNoun	fra
Ciprés	properNoun	oci	Ciprés	properNoun	fra
dopant	adjective	oci	dopant	adjective	fra
enterrament	noun	oci	enfouissement	noun	fra
enterrament	noun	oci	enterrement	noun	fra
maxillar	adjective	oci	maxillaire	adjective	fra
Pinòqui	properNoun	oci	Pinocchio	properNoun	fra
Verdejo	properNoun	oci	Verdejo	properNoun	fra
rocambolesc	adjective	oci	rocambolesque	adjective	fra
Gorreta	properNoun	oci	Gorreta	properNoun	fra
comportament	noun	oci	comportement	noun	fra
St-Jacques	properNoun	oci	St-Jacques	properNoun	fra
gelar	verb	oci	geler	verb	fra
Laruche	properNoun	oci	Laruche	properNoun	fra
anticolonialisme	noun	oci	anticolonialisme	noun	fra
Barco	properNoun	oci	Barco	properNoun	fra
Abdrazakov	properNoun	oci	Abdrazakov	properNoun	fra
Rejon	properNoun	oci	Rejon	properNoun	fra
Marietta	properNoun	oci	Marietta	properNoun	fra
privilègi	noun	oci	privilège	noun	fra
zolo	noun	oci	zoulou	noun	fra
Magnin	properNoun	oci	Magnin	properNoun	fra
Granado	properNoun	oci	Granado	properNoun	fra
Irlanda del Nòrd	properNoun	oci	Irlande du Nord	properNoun	fra
Neale	properNoun	oci	Neale	properNoun	fra
Guan	properNoun	oci	Guan	properNoun	fra
Désiré	properNoun	oci	Désiré	properNoun	fra
Dubuisson	properNoun	oci	Dubuisson	properNoun	fra
Schleck	properNoun	oci	Schleck	properNoun	fra
Sanuy	properNoun	oci	Sanuy	properNoun	fra
Fidalgo	properNoun	oci	Fidalgo	properNoun	fra
argentin	adjective	oci	argentin	adjective	fra
Caux	properNoun	oci	Caux	properNoun	fra
omofobia	noun	oci	homophobie	noun	fra
agaçant	adjective	oci	agaçant	adjective	fra
catarisme	noun	oci	catharisme	noun	fra
desfavorizar	verb	oci	défavoriser	verb	fra
espingada	noun	oci	gambade	noun	fra
anticipar	verb	oci	anticiper	verb	fra
indesirable	adjective	oci	indésirable	adjective	fra
Damián	properNoun	oci	Damián	properNoun	fra
Rutherford	properNoun	oci	Rutherford	properNoun	fra
Doire	properNoun	oci	Doire	properNoun	fra
Aupin	properNoun	oci	Aupin	properNoun	fra
ortografia	noun	oci	orthographe	noun	fra
ortografia	noun	oci	orthographie	noun	fra
atrabiliari	adjective	oci	atrabilaire	adjective	fra
Figaro	properNoun	oci	Figaro	properNoun	fra
café	noun	oci	café	noun	fra
excepcion	noun	oci	exception	noun	fra
von Weiszäcker	properNoun	oci	von Weiszäcker	properNoun	fra
Bagaria	properNoun	oci	Bagaria	properNoun	fra
collectivisme	noun	oci	collectivisme	noun	fra
cencha	noun	oci	ceinture	noun	fra
cencha	noun	oci	lanière	noun	fra
Godwin	properNoun	oci	Godwin	properNoun	fra
sud-oèst	adjective	oci	sud-ouest	adjective	fra
productor	noun	oci	producteur	noun	fra
Mancini	properNoun	oci	Mancini	properNoun	fra
angular	adjective	oci	angulaire	adjective	fra
van Eyck	properNoun	oci	van Eyck	properNoun	fra
butar	verb	oci	pousser	verb	fra
Sandrine	properNoun	oci	Sandrine	properNoun	fra
derivatiu	adjective	oci	dérivatif	adjective	fra
Bel	properNoun	oci	Bel	properNoun	fra
Ménétrier	properNoun	oci	Ménétrier	properNoun	fra
Pye	properNoun	oci	Pye	properNoun	fra
salafista	adjective	oci	salafiste	adjective	fra
Caselles	properNoun	oci	Caselles	properNoun	fra
adèpte	noun	oci	adepte	noun	fra
sanitat	noun	oci	santé	noun	fra
funèbre	adjective	oci	funèbre	adjective	fra
adaptador	adjective	oci	adaptateur	adjective	fra
Pumpido	properNoun	oci	Pumpido	properNoun	fra
Rockefeller	properNoun	oci	Rockefeller	properNoun	fra
Carol	properNoun	oci	Carol	properNoun	fra
Bailon	properNoun	oci	Bailon	properNoun	fra
Lanoue	properNoun	oci	Lanoue	properNoun	fra
malsegur	adjective	oci	incertain	adjective	fra
Dicarlo	properNoun	oci	Dicarlo	properNoun	fra
Triado	properNoun	oci	Triado	properNoun	fra
Beaufort	properNoun	oci	Beaufort	properNoun	fra
insatisfait	adjective	oci	insatisfait	adjective	fra
Moltó	properNoun	oci	Moltó	properNoun	fra
Munt	properNoun	oci	Munt	properNoun	fra
adversari	noun	oci	adversaire	noun	fra
Montigny	properNoun	oci	Montigny	properNoun	fra
innombrable	adjective	oci	innombrable	adjective	fra
setau	noun	oci	septième	noun	fra
Shecapio	properNoun	oci	Shecapio	properNoun	fra
Bolinaga	properNoun	oci	Bolinaga	properNoun	fra
galvanic	adjective	oci	galvanique	adjective	fra
Artés	properNoun	oci	Artés	properNoun	fra
Artés	properNoun	oci	Artois	properNoun	fra
Oró	properNoun	oci	Oró	properNoun	fra
Arabia	properNoun	oci	Arabie	properNoun	fra
Verdu	properNoun	oci	Verdu	properNoun	fra
Deraspe	properNoun	oci	Deraspe	properNoun	fra
antibalas	adjective	oci	pare-balles	adjective	fra
Ramon Rogièr	properNoun	oci	Ramon Roger	properNoun	fra
Al-Mansor	properNoun	oci	Al-Mansour	properNoun	fra
Haineault	properNoun	oci	Haineault	properNoun	fra
sonorizar	verb	oci	sonoriser	verb	fra
per causa de	preposition	oci	en raison de	preposition	fra
per causa de	preposition	oci	pour cause de	preposition	fra
transitar	verb	oci	transiter	verb	fra
Esplà	properNoun	oci	Esplà	properNoun	fra
Saló	properNoun	oci	Saló	properNoun	fra
Weir	properNoun	oci	Weir	properNoun	fra
Beale	properNoun	oci	Beale	properNoun	fra
lutaire	noun	oci	lutteur	noun	fra
Minguell	properNoun	oci	Minguell	properNoun	fra
centrifugacion	noun	oci	centrifugation	noun	fra
Whitty	properNoun	oci	Whitty	properNoun	fra
especialista	noun	oci	spécialiste	noun	fra
antimilitarista	noun	oci	antimilitariste	noun	fra
Koizumi	properNoun	oci	Koizumi	properNoun	fra
Mane	properNoun	oci	Mane	properNoun	fra
Lefevre	properNoun	oci	Lefevre	properNoun	fra
Nokia	properNoun	oci	Nokia	properNoun	fra
cèl	noun	oci	ciel	noun	fra
Sakharov	properNoun	oci	Sakharov	properNoun	fra
elevacion	noun	oci	élévation	noun	fra
acalhaudar	verb	oci	caillasser	verb	fra
Puigmarti	properNoun	oci	Puigmarti	properNoun	fra
satirizar	verb	oci	satiriser	verb	fra
subsidiari	adjective	oci	subsidiaire	adjective	fra
espesolhar	verb	oci	épouiller	verb	fra
fabricar	verb	oci	fabriquer	verb	fra
Chachai	properNoun	oci	Chachai	properNoun	fra
Arbó	properNoun	oci	Arbó	properNoun	fra
Monforte	properNoun	oci	Monforte	properNoun	fra
despuish	adverb	oci	après	adverb	fra
sosinspector	noun	oci	sous-inspecteur	noun	fra
Meliá	properNoun	oci	Meliá	properNoun	fra
tust	noun	oci	antisèche	noun	fra
Dulles	properNoun	oci	Dulles	properNoun	fra
Peirce	properNoun	oci	Peirce	properNoun	fra
gibós	adjective	oci	bossu	adjective	fra
absolutista	noun	oci	absolutiste	noun	fra
organizat	adjective	oci	organisé	adjective	fra
La Rochèla	properNoun	oci	La Rochelle	properNoun	fra
solidarizar	verb	oci	solidariser	verb	fra
Altolagirre	properNoun	oci	Altolagirre	properNoun	fra
avertiment	noun	oci	avertissement	noun	fra
Tondreau	properNoun	oci	Tondreau	properNoun	fra
enciclopèdia	noun	oci	encyclopédie	noun	fra
Clegg	properNoun	oci	Clegg	properNoun	fra
Ossetia	properNoun	oci	Ossétie	properNoun	fra
lauseta	noun	oci	alouette	noun	fra
sotra	noun	oci	soutra	noun	fra
Fajula	properNoun	oci	Fajula	properNoun	fra
92n	adjective	oci	92ème	adjective	fra
Mexic	properNoun	oci	Mexique	properNoun	fra
Hang	properNoun	oci	Hang	properNoun	fra
jos la direccion	adverb	oci	sous la direction	adverb	fra
malhorquin	noun	oci	majorquin	noun	fra
innocéncia	noun	oci	innocence	noun	fra
Kay	properNoun	oci	Kay	properNoun	fra
civilizar	verb	oci	civiliser	verb	fra
civilizar	verb	oci	policer	verb	fra
Vatican	properNoun	oci	Vatican	properNoun	fra
expression	noun	oci	expression	noun	fra
ipotension	noun	oci	hypotension	noun	fra
Monzó	properNoun	oci	Monzó	properNoun	fra
Mitja	properNoun	oci	Mitja	properNoun	fra
Toyota	properNoun	oci	Toyota	properNoun	fra
entrenar	verb	oci	entraîner	verb	fra
Pelchat	properNoun	oci	Pelchat	properNoun	fra
descenuda	noun	oci	descente	noun	fra
Tringle	properNoun	oci	Tringle	properNoun	fra
Seymour	properNoun	oci	Seymour	properNoun	fra
Pascal	properNoun	oci	Pascal	properNoun	fra
Norbert	properNoun	oci	Norbert	properNoun	fra
fossil	adjective	oci	fossile	adjective	fra
Cegetel	properNoun	oci	Cegetel	properNoun	fra
degeneratiu	adjective	oci	dégénératif	adjective	fra
docilament	adverb	oci	docilement	adverb	fra
directiu	adjective	oci	directif	adjective	fra
Conteh	properNoun	oci	Conteh	properNoun	fra
emenda	noun	oci	amende	noun	fra
inferior	adjective	oci	inférieur	adjective	fra
Magán	properNoun	oci	Magán	properNoun	fra
dominant	adjective	oci	dominant	adjective	fra
Aunis	properNoun	oci	Aunis	properNoun	fra
obrièr	adjective	oci	ouvrier	adjective	fra
exportable	adjective	oci	exportable	adjective	fra
ElBaradei	properNoun	oci	ElBaradei	properNoun	fra
Serrat	properNoun	oci	Serrat	properNoun	fra
Barnaby	properNoun	oci	Barnaby	properNoun	fra
fin	adjective	oci	fin	adjective	fra
precarizacion	noun	oci	précarisation	noun	fra
transgredir	verb	oci	transgresser	verb	fra
OGM	noun	oci	OGM	noun	fra
Nebraska	properNoun	oci	Nebraska	properNoun	fra
Carulla	properNoun	oci	Carulla	properNoun	fra
Tosca	properNoun	oci	Tosca	properNoun	fra
danés	adjective	oci	danois	adjective	fra
Euronext	properNoun	oci	Euronext	properNoun	fra
Cuadra	properNoun	oci	Cuadra	properNoun	fra
Askorbe	properNoun	oci	Askorbe	properNoun	fra
criminalizar	verb	oci	criminaliser	verb	fra
generalista	adjective	oci	généraliste	adjective	fra
Manila	properNoun	oci	Manille	properNoun	fra
a partir de	preposition	oci	à partir de	preposition	fra
Vesali	properNoun	oci	Vesali	properNoun	fra
sistematic	adjective	oci	systématique	adjective	fra
enflamar	verb	oci	enflammer	verb	fra
Camarón	properNoun	oci	Camarón	properNoun	fra
Pelosse	properNoun	oci	Pelosse	properNoun	fra
anxiolitic	adjective	oci	anxiolytique	adjective	fra
tecnologic	adjective	oci	technologique	adjective	fra
Carbonero	properNoun	oci	Carbonero	properNoun	fra
discípol	noun	oci	disciple	noun	fra
Toyotomi	properNoun	oci	Toyotomi	properNoun	fra
Doblado	properNoun	oci	Doblado	properNoun	fra
conjontiu	adjective	oci	conjonctif	adjective	fra
Hade	properNoun	oci	Hade	properNoun	fra
Carnicé	properNoun	oci	Carnicé	properNoun	fra
Chan	properNoun	oci	Chan	properNoun	fra
Quinteros	properNoun	oci	Quinteros	properNoun	fra
comprimit	noun	oci	comprimé	noun	fra
concession	noun	oci	concession	noun	fra
observator	adjective	oci	observateur	adjective	fra
inoculacion	noun	oci	inoculation	noun	fra
deliberadament	adverb	oci	délibérément	adverb	fra
òrdi	noun	oci	orge	noun	fra
tacon	noun	oci	tacon	noun	fra
Page	properNoun	oci	Page	properNoun	fra
Alamillo	properNoun	oci	Alamillo	properNoun	fra
preparar	verb	oci	préparer	verb	fra
basa	noun	oci	base	noun	fra
rebellar	verb	oci	rebeller	verb	fra
prerrogativa	noun	oci	prérogative	noun	fra
galò	noun	oci	galo	noun	fra
aqueste an	adverb	oci	cette année	adverb	fra
imitable	adjective	oci	imitable	adjective	fra
Salvatierra	properNoun	oci	Salvatierra	properNoun	fra
Cucinotta	properNoun	oci	Cucinotta	properNoun	fra
Cerveró	properNoun	oci	Cerveró	properNoun	fra
bedoth	noun	oci	bouleau	noun	fra
Hurens	properNoun	oci	Hurens	properNoun	fra
faissisme	noun	oci	fascisme	noun	fra
confòrt	noun	oci	confort	noun	fra
bonaür	noun	oci	bonheur	noun	fra
Orlando	properNoun	oci	Orlando	properNoun	fra
Minnesota	properNoun	oci	Minnesota	properNoun	fra
Canato	properNoun	oci	Canato	properNoun	fra
Clarés	properNoun	oci	Clarés	properNoun	fra
catolic	noun	oci	catholique	noun	fra
grèu	adverb	oci	grave	adverb	fra
Letterman	properNoun	oci	Letterman	properNoun	fra
CR	noun	oci	CR	noun	fra
estrangièr	noun	oci	étranger	noun	fra
Hamon	properNoun	oci	Hamon	properNoun	fra
anodinament	adverb	oci	anodinement	adverb	fra
au risc de	preposition	oci	au risque de	preposition	fra
Deulofeu	properNoun	oci	Deulofeu	properNoun	fra
minimalista	noun	oci	minimaliste	noun	fra
Hurdle	properNoun	oci	Hurdle	properNoun	fra
Weis	properNoun	oci	Weis	properNoun	fra
debit	noun	oci	débit	noun	fra
Fyfe	properNoun	oci	Fyfe	properNoun	fra
von Gneisenau	properNoun	oci	von Gneisenau	properNoun	fra
Portland	properNoun	oci	Portland	properNoun	fra
apreciat	adjective	oci	cher	adjective	fra
subrevivença	noun	oci	survivance	noun	fra
de pè	adverb	oci	debout	adverb	fra
narcissista	adjective	oci	narcissiste	adjective	fra
nordic	noun	oci	nordique	noun	fra
racionalista	noun	oci	rationaliste	noun	fra
plagiar	verb	oci	plagier	verb	fra
Alves	properNoun	oci	Alves	properNoun	fra
Buxeda	properNoun	oci	Buxeda	properNoun	fra
pionèr	noun	oci	pionnier	noun	fra
McDowell	properNoun	oci	McDowell	properNoun	fra
croston	noun	oci	croûton	noun	fra
Varin	properNoun	oci	Varin	properNoun	fra
Obiols	properNoun	oci	Obiols	properNoun	fra
alotjament	noun	oci	hébergement	noun	fra
alotjament	noun	oci	logement	noun	fra
fisonomia	noun	oci	physionomie	noun	fra
Xifrà	properNoun	oci	Xifrà	properNoun	fra
Val d'Oise	properNoun	oci	Val-d'Oise	properNoun	fra
Cortada	properNoun	oci	Cortada	properNoun	fra
juriòl	noun	oci	juillet	noun	fra
botinhaire	noun	oci	boudeur	noun	fra
Bellot	properNoun	oci	Bellot	properNoun	fra
mapa	noun	oci	carte	noun	fra
udmurt	adjective	oci	oudmourte	adjective	fra
Pujol	properNoun	oci	Pujol	properNoun	fra
Sheikh	properNoun	oci	Sheikh	properNoun	fra
Stones	properNoun	oci	Stones	properNoun	fra
Quispe	properNoun	oci	Quispe	properNoun	fra
Gaby	properNoun	oci	Gaby	properNoun	fra
bacterian	adjective	oci	bactérien	adjective	fra
opressiu	adjective	oci	oppressif	adjective	fra
felibritge	noun	oci	félibrige	noun	fra
Al-Mahdí	properNoun	oci	Al-Mahdí	properNoun	fra
cronologia	noun	oci	chronologie	noun	fra
Duranceau	properNoun	oci	Duranceau	properNoun	fra
carràs	noun	oci	radeau	noun	fra
entecanir	verb	oci	affaiblir	verb	fra
neishença	noun	oci	naissance	noun	fra
amant	noun	oci	amant	noun	fra
panoramic	adjective	oci	panoramique	adjective	fra
contròle	noun	oci	contrôle	noun	fra
Brazeau	properNoun	oci	Brazeau	properNoun	fra
Armando	properNoun	oci	Armando	properNoun	fra
protuberància	noun	oci	protubérance	noun	fra
Pondicherry	properNoun	oci	Pondicherry	properNoun	fra
privat	adjective	oci	privé	adjective	fra
Carson	properNoun	oci	Carson	properNoun	fra
predominança	noun	oci	prédominance	noun	fra
Malabo	properNoun	oci	Malabo	properNoun	fra
en seguida de	preposition	oci	à la suite de	preposition	fra
Aris	properNoun	oci	Aris	properNoun	fra
Andrieu	properNoun	oci	André	properNoun	fra
Andrieu	properNoun	oci	Andrieu	properNoun	fra
celeritat	noun	oci	célérité	noun	fra
al costat de	preposition	oci	à côté de	preposition	fra
Abbott	properNoun	oci	Abbott	properNoun	fra
catacrèsi	noun	oci	catachrèse	noun	fra
Mesa	properNoun	oci	Mesa	properNoun	fra
Gao	properNoun	oci	Gao	properNoun	fra
naturisme	noun	oci	naturisme	noun	fra
dentifrici	adjective	oci	dentifrice	adjective	fra
moribond	adjective	oci	moribond	adjective	fra
Herzog	properNoun	oci	Herzog	properNoun	fra
deontic	adjective	oci	déontique	adjective	fra
aborrir	verb	oci	abhorrer	verb	fra
aborrir	verb	oci	détester	verb	fra
aborrir	verb	oci	ennuyer	verb	fra
interval	noun	oci	intervalle	noun	fra
Diligent	properNoun	oci	Diligent	properNoun	fra
Pino	properNoun	oci	Pino	properNoun	fra
Margarit	properNoun	oci	Margarit	properNoun	fra
Oliva	properNoun	oci	Oliva	properNoun	fra
Porta	properNoun	oci	Porta	properNoun	fra
Cámara	properNoun	oci	Cámara	properNoun	fra
MacKenna	properNoun	oci	MacKenna	properNoun	fra
Amina	properNoun	oci	Amina	properNoun	fra
multa	noun	oci	amende	noun	fra
terebint	noun	oci	térébinthe	noun	fra
fruchièr	adjective	oci	fruitier	adjective	fra
Gariépy	properNoun	oci	Gariépy	properNoun	fra
Stuart	properNoun	oci	Stuart	properNoun	fra
revitalizacion	noun	oci	revitalisation	noun	fra
pegós	adjective	oci	gluant	adjective	fra
Escriva	properNoun	oci	Escriva	properNoun	fra
Rajotte	properNoun	oci	Rajotte	properNoun	fra
Angòla	properNoun	oci	Angola	properNoun	fra
Saab	properNoun	oci	Saab	properNoun	fra
desmoblar	verb	oci	démeubler	verb	fra
Cyriac	properNoun	oci	Cyriac	properNoun	fra
Federer	properNoun	oci	Federer	properNoun	fra
Métayer	properNoun	oci	Métayer	properNoun	fra
pixèl	noun	oci	pixel	noun	fra
Nuez	properNoun	oci	Nuez	properNoun	fra
Aberasturi	properNoun	oci	Aberasturi	properNoun	fra
Melody	properNoun	oci	Melody	properNoun	fra
Souvannavong	properNoun	oci	Souvannavong	properNoun	fra
calmar	verb	oci	calmer	verb	fra
aprofeitar	verb	oci	profiter	verb	fra
Mao Zedong	properNoun	oci	Mao Zedong	properNoun	fra
Barris	properNoun	oci	Barris	properNoun	fra
Pasqual	properNoun	oci	Pasqual	properNoun	fra
arsenal	noun	oci	arsenal	noun	fra
Württemberg	properNoun	oci	Wurtemberg	properNoun	fra
diminucion	noun	oci	diminution	noun	fra
morfologia	noun	oci	morphologie	noun	fra
malaisit	adjective	oci	malaisé	adjective	fra
Jerez	properNoun	oci	Jerez	properNoun	fra
Alhambra	properNoun	oci	Alhambra	properNoun	fra
renegar	verb	oci	maugréer	verb	fra
maugrat	preposition	oci	malgré	preposition	fra
ruptura	noun	oci	rupture	noun	fra
alfasega	noun	oci	basilic	noun	fra
colomb	noun	oci	pigeon	noun	fra
princessa	noun	oci	prince	noun	fra
St-Jules	properNoun	oci	St-Jules	properNoun	fra
Baró	properNoun	oci	Baró	properNoun	fra
cèrtes	pronoun	oci	certains	pronoun	fra
indigent	noun	oci	indigent	noun	fra
engranar	verb	oci	balayer	verb	fra
Tobías	properNoun	oci	Tobías	properNoun	fra
Claveria	properNoun	oci	Claveria	properNoun	fra
provar	verb	oci	essayer	verb	fra
provar	verb	oci	prouver	verb	fra
Frankenheimer	properNoun	oci	Frankenheimer	properNoun	fra
zambian	adjective	oci	zambien	adjective	fra
Marshall	properNoun	oci	Marshall	properNoun	fra
intrusiu	adjective	oci	intrusif	adjective	fra
minuta	noun	oci	minute	noun	fra
marcha	noun	oci	marche	noun	fra
botelh	noun	oci	mollet	noun	fra
Grunwald	properNoun	oci	Grunwald	properNoun	fra
Fuertes	properNoun	oci	Fuertes	properNoun	fra
afisat	noun	oci	affidé	noun	fra
Jean Claude	properNoun	oci	Jean Claude	properNoun	fra
mut	adjective	oci	muet	adjective	fra
esparjuda	noun	oci	dispersion	noun	fra
Huelva	properNoun	oci	Huelva	properNoun	fra
Delvecchio	properNoun	oci	Delvecchio	properNoun	fra
Goudreau	properNoun	oci	Goudreau	properNoun	fra
fertil	adjective	oci	fertile	adjective	fra
gravitar	verb	oci	graviter	verb	fra
repréner	verb	oci	reprendre	verb	fra
colleccionaire	noun	oci	collectionneur	noun	fra
Benach	properNoun	oci	Benach	properNoun	fra
inondacion	noun	oci	inondation	noun	fra
fetichista	noun	oci	fétichiste	noun	fra
Battaglia	properNoun	oci	Battaglia	properNoun	fra
Donadeu	properNoun	oci	Donadeu	properNoun	fra
Nanterre	properNoun	oci	Nanterre	properNoun	fra
bissextil	adjective	oci	bissextil	adjective	fra
dermatològ	noun	oci	dermatologue	noun	fra
Fontdevila	properNoun	oci	Fontdevila	properNoun	fra
plorar	verb	oci	pleurer	verb	fra
dalmatic	adjective	oci	dalmatique	adjective	fra
refortiment	noun	oci	renforcement	noun	fra
Berdun	properNoun	oci	Berdun	properNoun	fra
erbièr	noun	oci	herbier	noun	fra
Douarnenez	properNoun	oci	Douarnenez	properNoun	fra
Olever	properNoun	oci	Olever	properNoun	fra
racional	noun	oci	rationnel	noun	fra
Gasch	properNoun	oci	Gasch	properNoun	fra
revestir	verb	oci	revêtir	verb	fra
causar	verb	oci	causer	verb	fra
pendent	noun	oci	boucle	noun	fra
pendent	noun	oci	pendant	noun	fra
Carlyle	properNoun	oci	Carlyle	properNoun	fra
Baril	properNoun	oci	Baril	properNoun	fra
prioritàriament	adverb	oci	prioritairement	adverb	fra
Diaz	properNoun	oci	Diaz	properNoun	fra
Craparo	properNoun	oci	Craparo	properNoun	fra
contràriament a	preposition	oci	contrairement à	preposition	fra
natural	noun	oci	naturel	noun	fra
sadic	adjective	oci	sadique	adjective	fra
nautament	adverb	oci	hautement	adverb	fra
monofisisme	noun	oci	monophysisme	noun	fra
Janet	properNoun	oci	Janet	properNoun	fra
en çò que tanh a	preposition	oci	au sujet de	preposition	fra
en çò que tanh a	preposition	oci	en ce qui concerne	preposition	fra
comjat	noun	oci	congé	noun	fra
liberalament	adverb	oci	libéralement	adverb	fra
liminar	adjective	oci	liminaire	adjective	fra
desequilibri	noun	oci	déséquilibre	noun	fra
Mirón	properNoun	oci	Mirón	properNoun	fra
Selga	properNoun	oci	Selga	properNoun	fra
gèst	noun	oci	geste	noun	fra
gèst	noun	oci	chaleur	noun	fra
geodesia	noun	oci	géodésie	noun	fra
Obando	properNoun	oci	Obando	properNoun	fra
,	comma	oci	,	comma	fra
anma	noun	oci	âme	noun	fra
Mijatovic	properNoun	oci	Mijatovic	properNoun	fra
dreiçatge	noun	oci	dressage	noun	fra
immediat	adjective	oci	immédiat	adjective	fra
femèla	noun	oci	femelle	noun	fra
Thurairajah	properNoun	oci	Thurairajah	properNoun	fra
Stacy	properNoun	oci	Stacy	properNoun	fra
Lagunas	properNoun	oci	Lagunas	properNoun	fra
Paul	properNoun	oci	Paul	properNoun	fra
Linuesa	properNoun	oci	Linuesa	properNoun	fra
antiparasitari	adjective	oci	antiparasitaire	adjective	fra
Dostoievski	properNoun	oci	Dostoïevski	properNoun	fra
Anakin	properNoun	oci	Anakin	properNoun	fra
Lamuela	properNoun	oci	Lamuela	properNoun	fra
Sais	properNoun	oci	Sais	properNoun	fra
Sultana	properNoun	oci	Sultana	properNoun	fra
Massachusetts	properNoun	oci	Massachusetts	properNoun	fra
Fellini	properNoun	oci	Fellini	properNoun	fra
crusèl	adjective	oci	cruel	adjective	fra
plantatge	noun	oci	plantain	noun	fra
racalha	noun	oci	racaille	noun	fra
bascofil	adjective	oci	bascophile	adjective	fra
comanditari	noun	oci	commanditaire	noun	fra
Fructuoso	properNoun	oci	Fructuoso	properNoun	fra
farmacologic	adjective	oci	pharmacologique	adjective	fra
Petosa	properNoun	oci	Petosa	properNoun	fra
Gallardo	properNoun	oci	Gallardo	properNoun	fra
Monterde	properNoun	oci	Monterde	properNoun	fra
Majoral	properNoun	oci	Majoral	properNoun	fra
Laganière	properNoun	oci	Laganière	properNoun	fra
Robyn	properNoun	oci	Robyn	properNoun	fra
convertit	adjective	oci	converti	adjective	fra
Elosegi	properNoun	oci	Elosegi	properNoun	fra
Bauhaus	properNoun	oci	Bauhaus	properNoun	fra
Lippe	properNoun	oci	Lippe	properNoun	fra
calvinista	adjective	oci	calviniste	adjective	fra
admissibilitat	noun	oci	admissibilité	noun	fra
ièr	adverb	oci	hier	adverb	fra
Casals	properNoun	oci	Casals	properNoun	fra
envolar	verb	oci	envoler	verb	fra
Mestokosho	properNoun	oci	Mestokosho	properNoun	fra
adondar	verb	oci	dompter	verb	fra
Uribetxeberria	properNoun	oci	Uribetxeberria	properNoun	fra
Negre	properNoun	oci	Negre	properNoun	fra
Dipietro	properNoun	oci	Dipietro	properNoun	fra
verdolent	adjective	oci	verdoyant	adjective	fra
Durá	properNoun	oci	Durá	properNoun	fra
recensar	verb	oci	recenser	verb	fra
pertèrra	noun	oci	parterre	noun	fra
Saviadjuk	properNoun	oci	Saviadjuk	properNoun	fra
Gourde	properNoun	oci	Gourde	properNoun	fra
Canaan	properNoun	oci	Canaan	properNoun	fra
Munné	properNoun	oci	Munné	properNoun	fra
Nuckle	properNoun	oci	Nuckle	properNoun	fra
Cagney	properNoun	oci	Cagney	properNoun	fra
inspirar	verb	oci	inspirer	verb	fra
atractiu	adjective	oci	attractif	adjective	fra
Robitaille	properNoun	oci	Robitaille	properNoun	fra
dedicadís	noun	oci	dédicace	noun	fra
vist que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	vu que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
dentèla	noun	oci	dentelle	noun	fra
mutualament	adverb	oci	mutuellement	adverb	fra
acalorar	verb	oci	suffoquer	verb	fra
canonge	noun	oci	chanoine	noun	fra
Vallehermoso	properNoun	oci	Vallehermoso	properNoun	fra
adjónher	verb	oci	adjoindre	verb	fra
especiariá	noun	oci	épicerie	noun	fra
Cardeñosa	properNoun	oci	Cardeñosa	properNoun	fra
Alcántara	properNoun	oci	Alcántara	properNoun	fra
a fin que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	afin que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Renart	properNoun	oci	Renart	properNoun	fra
classificator	noun	oci	classificateur	noun	fra
Sellas	properNoun	oci	Sellas	properNoun	fra
Navinés	properNoun	oci	Navinés	properNoun	fra
lèit	noun	oci	lit	noun	fra
lèit	noun	oci	lait	noun	fra
Maturana	properNoun	oci	Maturana	properNoun	fra
Bachelet	properNoun	oci	Bachelet	properNoun	fra
Huanca	properNoun	oci	Huanca	properNoun	fra
ebdomadari	adjective	oci	hebdomadaire	adjective	fra
Lupin	properNoun	oci	Lupin	properNoun	fra
Messina	properNoun	oci	Messina	properNoun	fra
Messina	properNoun	oci	Messine	properNoun	fra
Tran	properNoun	oci	Tran	properNoun	fra
Chagos	properNoun	oci	Chagos	properNoun	fra
desparièr	adjective	oci	différent	adjective	fra
Alba	properNoun	oci	Alba	properNoun	fra
naturista	noun	oci	naturiste	noun	fra
Beth	properNoun	oci	Beth	properNoun	fra
McKenna	properNoun	oci	McKenna	properNoun	fra
Rigau i Oliver	properNoun	oci	Rigau i Oliver	properNoun	fra
Johnson-Sirleaf	properNoun	oci	Johnson-Sirleaf	properNoun	fra
Nòu Hampshire	properNoun	oci	New Hampshire	properNoun	fra
porcion	noun	oci	portion	noun	fra
revision	noun	oci	révision	noun	fra
Lynch	properNoun	oci	Lynch	properNoun	fra
pur	noun	oci	pur	noun	fra
mièg	noun	oci	milieu	noun	fra
mièg	noun	oci	demi	noun	fra
simpatic	adjective	oci	sympathique	adjective	fra
alcolic	noun	oci	alcoolique	noun	fra
setau	adjective	oci	septième	adjective	fra
Camarga	properNoun	oci	Camargue	properNoun	fra
Gaboury	properNoun	oci	Gaboury	properNoun	fra
Zinédine	properNoun	oci	Zinédine	properNoun	fra
Barack	properNoun	oci	Barack	properNoun	fra
recurrent	adjective	oci	récurrent	adjective	fra
manca	noun	oci	lacune	noun	fra
manca	noun	oci	manque	noun	fra
Rudolf	properNoun	oci	Rudolf	properNoun	fra
Luther	properNoun	oci	Luther	properNoun	fra
Pilon	properNoun	oci	Pilon	properNoun	fra
manifèst	noun	oci	manifeste	noun	fra
tuar	verb	oci	tuer	verb	fra
parcèla	noun	oci	parcelle	noun	fra
irrupcion	noun	oci	irruption	noun	fra
Reynolds	properNoun	oci	Reynolds	properNoun	fra
capmàs	noun	oci	hameau	noun	fra
indirècte	adjective	oci	indirect	adjective	fra
irritabilitat	noun	oci	irritabilité	noun	fra
Chaca	properNoun	oci	Jaca	properNoun	fra
eissaloc	noun	oci	sud-est	noun	fra
acalhauar	verb	oci	lapider	verb	fra
sofòra	noun	oci	sophora	noun	fra
novembre	noun	oci	novembre	noun	fra
antropomorfisme	noun	oci	anthropomorphisme	noun	fra
Farnós	properNoun	oci	Farnós	properNoun	fra
periferic	noun	oci	périphérique	noun	fra
convéncer	verb	oci	convaincre	verb	fra
arrasoar	verb	oci	discuter	verb	fra
afinitat	noun	oci	affinité	noun	fra
Adidas	properNoun	oci	Adidas	properNoun	fra
Matias	properNoun	oci	Matias	properNoun	fra
de Torres	properNoun	oci	de Torres	properNoun	fra
Basset	properNoun	oci	Basset	properNoun	fra
Lacelle	properNoun	oci	Lacelle	properNoun	fra
escondut	adjective	oci	caché	adjective	fra
prostitucion	noun	oci	prostitution	noun	fra
tòra	noun	oci	chenille	noun	fra
infografia	noun	oci	infographie	noun	fra
sincronisme	noun	oci	synchronisme	noun	fra
sionisme	noun	oci	sionisme	noun	fra
Hank	properNoun	oci	Hank	properNoun	fra
mondanitat	noun	oci	mondanité	noun	fra
Corsi	properNoun	oci	Corsi	properNoun	fra
Vitellius	properNoun	oci	Vitellius	properNoun	fra
fibula	noun	oci	péroné	noun	fra
Castelló	properNoun	oci	Castelló	properNoun	fra
risièra	noun	oci	rizière	noun	fra
pèc	noun	oci	idiot	noun	fra
pòst	noun	oci	planche	noun	fra
pòst	noun	oci	poste	noun	fra
Melgar	properNoun	oci	Melgar	properNoun	fra
mascar	verb	oci	masquer	verb	fra
Terribas	properNoun	oci	Terribas	properNoun	fra
Lepitre	properNoun	oci	Lepitre	properNoun	fra
Costas	properNoun	oci	Costas	properNoun	fra
Castiglione	properNoun	oci	Castiglione	properNoun	fra
ensenhador	noun	oci	table des matières	noun	fra
aderéncia	noun	oci	adhérence	noun	fra
Lea	properNoun	oci	Lea	properNoun	fra
anacronisme	noun	oci	anachronisme	noun	fra
monastèri	noun	oci	monastère	noun	fra
Miarnau	properNoun	oci	Miarnau	properNoun	fra
denominador	noun	oci	dénominateur	noun	fra
Tony Blair	properNoun	oci	Tony Blair	properNoun	fra
Domingue	properNoun	oci	Domingue	properNoun	fra
von Schlieffen	properNoun	oci	von Schlieffen	properNoun	fra
dormidor	adjective	oci	somnifère	adjective	fra
irós	adjective	oci	irascible	adjective	fra
pròsa	noun	oci	prose	noun	fra
Ton	properNoun	oci	Ton	properNoun	fra
Santo	properNoun	oci	Santo	properNoun	fra
web	noun	oci	web	noun	fra
injoncion	noun	oci	injonction	noun	fra
Hernán	properNoun	oci	Hernán	properNoun	fra
Marchena	properNoun	oci	Marchena	properNoun	fra
Muixí	properNoun	oci	Muixí	properNoun	fra
campaneta	noun	oci	clochette	noun	fra
Bilodeau	properNoun	oci	Bilodeau	properNoun	fra
reconstruccion	noun	oci	reconstruction	noun	fra
Lamarre	properNoun	oci	Lamarre	properNoun	fra
banquet	noun	oci	banquet	noun	fra
autista	noun	oci	autiste	noun	fra
afamar	verb	oci	affamer	verb	fra
manrèga	noun	oci	houppelande	noun	fra
Autumn	properNoun	oci	Autumn	properNoun	fra
femenin	adjective	oci	féminin	adjective	fra
sincèr	adjective	oci	sincère	adjective	fra
Alberch	properNoun	oci	Alberch	properNoun	fra
Carrique	properNoun	oci	Carrique	properNoun	fra
analòg	adjective	oci	analogue	adjective	fra
mia	noun	oci	mie	noun	fra
oceanic	adjective	oci	océanique	adjective	fra
Kerjona	properNoun	oci	Kerjona	properNoun	fra
Seguí	properNoun	oci	Seguí	properNoun	fra
permeabilitat	noun	oci	perméabilité	noun	fra
estam	noun	oci	étain	noun	fra
carbata	noun	oci	cravate	noun	fra
Luo	properNoun	oci	Luo	properNoun	fra
Darlene	properNoun	oci	Darlene	properNoun	fra
patetic	adjective	oci	pathétique	adjective	fra
permanentament	adverb	oci	de manière permanente	adverb	fra
Maurel	properNoun	oci	Maurel	properNoun	fra
desboscament	noun	oci	déforestation	noun	fra
Utterson	properNoun	oci	Utterson	properNoun	fra
lachuga	noun	oci	laitue	noun	fra
peripecia	noun	oci	péripétie	noun	fra
illegitimitat	noun	oci	illégitimité	noun	fra
anèla	noun	oci	boucle	noun	fra
Gadoury	properNoun	oci	Gadoury	properNoun	fra
sistre	noun	oci	schiste	noun	fra
assetar	verb	oci	asseoir	verb	fra
Farrán	properNoun	oci	Farrán	properNoun	fra
Marba	properNoun	oci	Marba	properNoun	fra
Besner	properNoun	oci	Besner	properNoun	fra
Yvan	properNoun	oci	Yvan	properNoun	fra
plumar	verb	oci	plumer	verb	fra
peatge	noun	oci	péage	noun	fra
Yoda	properNoun	oci	Yoda	properNoun	fra
mainatjon	noun	oci	bébé	noun	fra
localizar	verb	oci	localiser	verb	fra
Romanha	properNoun	oci	Romagne	properNoun	fra
abadiá	noun	oci	abbaye	noun	fra
soscar	verb	oci	réfléchir	verb	fra
masatge	noun	oci	hameau	noun	fra
pissalach	noun	oci	pissenlit	noun	fra
Bru	properNoun	oci	Bru	properNoun	fra
relíquia	noun	oci	relique	noun	fra
Manuele	properNoun	oci	Manuele	properNoun	fra
Larchevêque	properNoun	oci	Larchevêque	properNoun	fra
Albelda	properNoun	oci	Albelda	properNoun	fra
vaticinador	noun	oci	vaticinateur	noun	fra
Ulldemolíns	properNoun	oci	Ulldemolíns	properNoun	fra
Casado	properNoun	oci	Casado	properNoun	fra
Valencia	properNoun	oci	Valencia	properNoun	fra
enjòc	noun	oci	enjeu	noun	fra
confisariá	noun	oci	confiserie	noun	fra
entad açò que tanh	preposition	oci	en ce qui concerne	preposition	fra
Westwood	properNoun	oci	Westwood	properNoun	fra
Dolç	properNoun	oci	Dolç	properNoun	fra
Laurence	properNoun	oci	Laurence	properNoun	fra
Ferrera	properNoun	oci	Ferrera	properNoun	fra
torneg	noun	oci	tournoi	noun	fra
dispersat	adjective	oci	dispersé	adjective	fra
Latouche	properNoun	oci	Latouche	properNoun	fra
Jean-Martin	properNoun	oci	Jean-Martin	properNoun	fra
a flor e mesura que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	au fur et à mesure que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
XIII	numeral	oci	XIII	numeral	fra
XIII	numeral	oci	XIIIe	adjective	fra
XIII	numeral	oci	XIIIème	adjective	fra
avena	noun	oci	avoine	noun	fra
Bouchar	properNoun	oci	Bouchar	properNoun	fra
glicolisi	noun	oci	glycolyse	noun	fra
Émond	properNoun	oci	Émond	properNoun	fra
anotar	verb	oci	noter	verb	fra
grauar	verb	oci	enregistrer	verb	fra
grauar	verb	oci	graver	verb	fra
aveniment	noun	oci	avènement	noun	fra
fictici	adjective	oci	fictif	adjective	fra
mascarar	verb	oci	salir	verb	fra
mascarar	verb	oci	masquer	verb	fra
pastenaga	noun	oci	carotte	noun	fra
idroptèr	noun	oci	hydroptère	noun	fra
Saborido	properNoun	oci	Saborido	properNoun	fra
atributiu	adjective	oci	attributif	adjective	fra
iranian	noun	oci	Iranien	noun	fra
Despars	properNoun	oci	Despars	properNoun	fra
afluent	noun	oci	affluent	noun	fra
parabanda	noun	oci	parapet	noun	fra
parabanda	noun	oci	rambarde	noun	fra
Bériault	properNoun	oci	Bériault	properNoun	fra
montanha	noun	oci	montagne	noun	fra
amaisat	adjective	oci	édulcoré	adjective	fra
Rosero	properNoun	oci	Rosero	properNoun	fra
Cubero	properNoun	oci	Cubero	properNoun	fra
nòste	determiner	oci	notre	determiner	fra
nòste	determiner	oci	notre	possessivePronoun	fra
nòste	possessivePronoun	oci	notre	determiner	fra
nòste	possessivePronoun	oci	notre	possessivePronoun	fra
Balasch	properNoun	oci	Balasch	properNoun	fra
belligerant	noun	oci	belligérant	noun	fra
Latourelle	properNoun	oci	Latourelle	properNoun	fra
Nieddu	properNoun	oci	Nieddu	properNoun	fra
Humphries	properNoun	oci	Humphries	properNoun	fra
Woolley	properNoun	oci	Woolley	properNoun	fra
jos pretèxt que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	sous prétexte que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
incarnacion	noun	oci	incarnation	noun	fra
suicidi	noun	oci	suicide	noun	fra
enumeracion	noun	oci	énumération	noun	fra
Bascón	properNoun	oci	Bascón	properNoun	fra
extrapolacion	noun	oci	extrapolation	noun	fra
Dion	properNoun	oci	Dion	properNoun	fra
inversion	noun	oci	inversion	noun	fra
unicament	adverb	oci	uniquement	adverb	fra
prisma	noun	oci	prisme	noun	fra
fondamentar	verb	oci	baser	verb	fra
Hawthorne	properNoun	oci	Hawthorne	properNoun	fra
Copeland	properNoun	oci	Copeland	properNoun	fra
drenar	verb	oci	drainer	verb	fra
discriminant	adjective	oci	discriminant	adjective	fra
tèrbi	noun	oci	terbium	noun	fra
efemèr	adjective	oci	éphémère	adjective	fra
kiribatian	adjective	oci	gilbertin	adjective	fra
aprofitar	verb	oci	profiter	verb	fra
randa	noun	oci	haie	noun	fra
peronè	noun	oci	péroné	noun	fra
angoishar	verb	oci	angoisser	verb	fra
antisimetric	adjective	oci	antisymétrique	adjective	fra
Bahrayn	properNoun	oci	Bahreïn	properNoun	fra
melancolic	adjective	oci	mélancolique	adjective	fra
Occhipinti	properNoun	oci	Occhipinti	properNoun	fra
Garrofé	properNoun	oci	Garrofé	properNoun	fra
malausent	adjective	oci	malentendant	adjective	fra
afliccion	noun	oci	affliction	noun	fra
Maté	properNoun	oci	Maté	properNoun	fra
immergir	verb	oci	immergir	verb	fra
immergir	verb	oci	plonger	verb	fra
deliberant	adjective	oci	délibérant	adjective	fra
Mesopotamia	properNoun	oci	Mésopotamie	properNoun	fra
dos	numeral	oci	deux	numeral	fra
Boulerice	properNoun	oci	Boulerice	properNoun	fra
espiritualament	adverb	oci	spirituellement	adverb	fra
riscar	verb	oci	risquer	verb	fra
destillacion	noun	oci	distillation	noun	fra
anecdoticament	adverb	oci	anecdotiquement	adverb	fra
transcendéncia	noun	oci	transcendance	noun	fra
mercatica	noun	oci	marketing	noun	fra
Patulli	properNoun	oci	Patulli	properNoun	fra
presicar	verb	oci	prêcher	verb	fra
polar	adjective	oci	polaire	adjective	fra
lionés	adjective	oci	lyonnais	adjective	fra
occitan	noun	oci	occitan	noun	fra
Segu	properNoun	oci	Segu	properNoun	fra
Lachmann	properNoun	oci	Lachmann	properNoun	fra
Euclides	properNoun	oci	Euclide	properNoun	fra
farmaceutic	adjective	oci	pharmaceutique	adjective	fra
administrador	adjective	oci	administrateur	adjective	fra
Douglas	properNoun	oci	Douglas	properNoun	fra
Sidonie	properNoun	oci	Sidonie	properNoun	fra
romanizacion	noun	oci	romanisation	noun	fra
Gonzales	properNoun	oci	Gonzales	properNoun	fra
diligentament	adverb	oci	diligemment	adverb	fra
Rübens	properNoun	oci	Rübens	properNoun	fra
Polson	properNoun	oci	Polson	properNoun	fra
Morgane	properNoun	oci	Morgane	properNoun	fra
Kasudluak	properNoun	oci	Kasudluak	properNoun	fra
Sixt	properNoun	oci	Sixt	properNoun	fra
temptacion	noun	oci	tentation	noun	fra
soirassa	noun	oci	gaupe	noun	fra
atestar	verb	oci	attester	verb	fra
Clarisse	properNoun	oci	Clarisse	properNoun	fra
Montseny	properNoun	oci	Montseny	properNoun	fra
Andòrra	properNoun	oci	Andorre	properNoun	fra
uechen	adjective	oci	huitième	adjective	fra
regalécia	noun	oci	réglisse	noun	fra
Batalle	properNoun	oci	Batalle	properNoun	fra
Serentill	properNoun	oci	Serentill	properNoun	fra
giròla	noun	oci	girolle	noun	fra
diafan	adjective	oci	diaphane	adjective	fra
Moragues	properNoun	oci	Moragues	properNoun	fra
Argeria	properNoun	oci	Algérie	properNoun	fra
Vogue	properNoun	oci	Vogue	properNoun	fra
Saba	properNoun	oci	Saba	properNoun	fra
Orbison	properNoun	oci	Orbison	properNoun	fra
Schmitt	properNoun	oci	Schmitt	properNoun	fra
vision	noun	oci	vision	noun	fra
avortament	noun	oci	avortement	noun	fra
sigla	noun	oci	sigle	noun	fra
jaire	verb	oci	gésir	verb	fra
profeitar	verb	oci	profiter	verb	fra
bibliofil	adjective	oci	bibliophile	adjective	fra
Villarroya	properNoun	oci	Villarroya	properNoun	fra
Robin	properNoun	oci	Robin	properNoun	fra
empossar	verb	oci	pousser	verb	fra
electrosensibilitat	noun	oci	électrosensibilité	noun	fra
Lopez	properNoun	oci	Lopez	properNoun	fra
espiga	noun	oci	épi	noun	fra
Bagés	properNoun	oci	Bagés	properNoun	fra
nartèx	noun	oci	narthex	noun	fra
Madueño	properNoun	oci	Madueño	properNoun	fra
foissenc	adjective	oci	fuxéen	adjective	fra
al mens	adverb	oci	au moins	adverb	fra
Sabanes	properNoun	oci	Sabanes	properNoun	fra
recepcionar	verb	oci	réceptionner	verb	fra
Alix	properNoun	oci	Alix	properNoun	fra
Urendez	properNoun	oci	Urendez	properNoun	fra
telefonia	noun	oci	téléphonie	noun	fra
Moliner	properNoun	oci	Moliner	properNoun	fra
platana	noun	oci	platane	noun	fra
intellècte	noun	oci	intellect	noun	fra
Escuder	properNoun	oci	Escuder	properNoun	fra
neutralitat	noun	oci	neutralité	noun	fra
nasalizacion	noun	oci	nasalisation	noun	fra
Lores	properNoun	oci	Lores	properNoun	fra
nul	adjective	oci	nul	adjective	fra
Desirat	properNoun	oci	Desirat	properNoun	fra
transfusion	noun	oci	transfusion	noun	fra
ciclista	adjective	oci	cycliste	adjective	fra
Peronella	properNoun	oci	Peronella	properNoun	fra
rectangle	noun	oci	rectangle	noun	fra
Pueo	properNoun	oci	Pueo	properNoun	fra
Vivarés	properNoun	oci	Vivarais	properNoun	fra
Haile Selassie	properNoun	oci	Hailé Selassié	properNoun	fra
quiroptèr	noun	oci	chiroptère	noun	fra
Gomes	properNoun	oci	Gomes	properNoun	fra
doçor	noun	oci	douceur	noun	fra
adoptat	adjective	oci	adopté	adjective	fra
Cuervo	properNoun	oci	Cuervo	properNoun	fra
autoescòla	noun	oci	auto-école	noun	fra
gastronomia	noun	oci	gastronomie	noun	fra
Aguinagalde	properNoun	oci	Aguinagalde	properNoun	fra
soscategoria	noun	oci	sous-catégorie	noun	fra
Andre Agassi	properNoun	oci	Andre Agassi	properNoun	fra
Doctor Who	properNoun	oci	Doctor Who	properNoun	fra
Tur	properNoun	oci	Tur	properNoun	fra
naduèlh	noun	oci	orvet	noun	fra
crosat	noun	oci	croisé	noun	fra
femèl	adjective	oci	femelle	adjective	fra
Lauricella	properNoun	oci	Lauricella	properNoun	fra
pirata	adjective	oci	pirate	adjective	fra
nene	noun	oci	poupon	noun	fra
Rascón	properNoun	oci	Rascón	properNoun	fra
Benazir Bhutto	properNoun	oci	Benazir Bhutto	properNoun	fra
Voyer	properNoun	oci	Voyer	properNoun	fra
anestesia	noun	oci	anesthésie	noun	fra
cinquanta nau	numeral	oci	cinquante-neuf	numeral	fra
grun	noun	oci	grain	noun	fra
patologista	noun	oci	pathologiste	noun	fra
Milhomme	properNoun	oci	Milhomme	properNoun	fra
Chacartegui	properNoun	oci	Chacartegui	properNoun	fra
intelligéncia	noun	oci	intelligence	noun	fra
Humphrey	properNoun	oci	Humphrey	properNoun	fra
durada	noun	oci	durée	noun	fra
impausant	adjective	oci	imposant	adjective	fra
minjar	verb	oci	manger	verb	fra
Rowley	properNoun	oci	Rowley	properNoun	fra
tactica	noun	oci	tactique	noun	fra
de Bougainville	properNoun	oci	de Bougainville	properNoun	fra
cinquanta un	numeral	oci	cinquante-et-un	numeral	fra
cinquanta un	numeral	oci	cinquante et un	numeral	fra
chinés	adjective	oci	chinois	adjective	fra
Zampino	properNoun	oci	Zampino	properNoun	fra
viminièra	noun	oci	oseraie	noun	fra
delator	noun	oci	délateur	noun	fra
educador	noun	oci	éducateur	noun	fra
optimizar	verb	oci	optimiser	verb	fra
Laguarda	properNoun	oci	Laguarda	properNoun	fra
Duchetta	properNoun	oci	Duchetta	properNoun	fra
El Yaakoubi	properNoun	oci	El Yaakoubi	properNoun	fra
Fred	properNoun	oci	Fred	properNoun	fra
cotonièr	adjective	oci	cotonnier	adjective	fra
setanta cinc	numeral	oci	soixante-quinze	numeral	fra
Louisa	properNoun	oci	Louisa	properNoun	fra
Maxi	properNoun	oci	Maxi	properNoun	fra
Caus	properNoun	oci	Caus	properNoun	fra
barrutlaire	noun	oci	baroudeur	noun	fra
Adamuz	properNoun	oci	Adamuz	properNoun	fra
Torrella	properNoun	oci	Torrella	properNoun	fra
psicologic	adjective	oci	psychologique	adjective	fra
bashquir	noun	oci	bachkir	noun	fra
concèrt	noun	oci	concert	noun	fra
Dipaola	properNoun	oci	Dipaola	properNoun	fra
inversemblable	adjective	oci	invraisemblable	adjective	fra
Olmo	properNoun	oci	Olmo	properNoun	fra
filmacion	noun	oci	filmage	noun	fra
Circé	properNoun	oci	Circé	properNoun	fra
Deslauriers	properNoun	oci	Deslauriers	properNoun	fra
banalizar	verb	oci	banaliser	verb	fra
sincronizar	verb	oci	synchroniser	verb	fra
Carmelo	properNoun	oci	Carmelo	properNoun	fra
Zaman	properNoun	oci	Zaman	properNoun	fra
Montahud	properNoun	oci	Montahud	properNoun	fra
Masot	properNoun	oci	Masot	properNoun	fra
oficializar	verb	oci	officialiser	verb	fra
trombòne	noun	oci	trombone	noun	fra
a tal ponch que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	à tel point que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Moscato	properNoun	oci	Moscato	properNoun	fra
sarrussofòn	noun	oci	sarrussophone	noun	fra
innovant	adjective	oci	innovant	adjective	fra
Espinasse	properNoun	oci	Espinasse	properNoun	fra
Carey	properNoun	oci	Carey	properNoun	fra
Giné	properNoun	oci	Giné	properNoun	fra
Vilac	properNoun	oci	Vilac	properNoun	fra
formatge	noun	oci	fromage	noun	fra
Steinbuch	properNoun	oci	Steinbuch	properNoun	fra
elusiu	adjective	oci	élusif	adjective	fra
Llinas	properNoun	oci	Llinas	properNoun	fra
botinhada	noun	oci	bouderie	noun	fra
rejoveniment	noun	oci	réjuvénation	noun	fra
Mariné	properNoun	oci	Mariné	properNoun	fra
ideologia	noun	oci	idéologie	noun	fra
bugal	noun	oci	rucher	noun	fra
Antonescu	properNoun	oci	Antonescu	properNoun	fra
burlesc	adjective	oci	burlesque	adjective	fra
Almendros	properNoun	oci	Almendros	properNoun	fra
ariditat	noun	oci	aridité	noun	fra
deuant	adverb	oci	devant	adverb	fra
Guillem	properNoun	oci	Guillem	properNoun	fra
Larin	properNoun	oci	Larin	properNoun	fra
excusar	verb	oci	excuser	verb	fra
costume	noun	oci	costume	noun	fra
Piquer	properNoun	oci	Piquer	properNoun	fra
omonime	noun	oci	homonyme	noun	fra
Baltrons	properNoun	oci	Baltrons	properNoun	fra
aluqueta	noun	oci	allumette	noun	fra
lis	adjective	oci	lisse	adjective	fra
Schrödinger	properNoun	oci	Schrödinger	properNoun	fra
platonician	adjective	oci	platonicien	adjective	fra
Reder	properNoun	oci	Reder	properNoun	fra
Rowsell	properNoun	oci	Rowsell	properNoun	fra
amolar	verb	oci	aiguiser	verb	fra
resignar	verb	oci	résigner	verb	fra
Dimitri	properNoun	oci	Dimitri	properNoun	fra
Espuña	properNoun	oci	Espuña	properNoun	fra
datacion	noun	oci	datation	noun	fra
ensolelhat	adjective	oci	ensoleillé	adjective	fra
von Ostrog	properNoun	oci	von Ostrog	properNoun	fra
sanitari	adjective	oci	sanitaire	adjective	fra
monotòn	adjective	oci	monotone	adjective	fra
autreg	noun	oci	octroi	noun	fra
Ueshiba	properNoun	oci	Ueshiba	properNoun	fra
Mandy	properNoun	oci	Mandy	properNoun	fra
Rolling	properNoun	oci	Rolling	properNoun	fra
Bondu	properNoun	oci	Bondu	properNoun	fra
lanièr	noun	oci	lainier	noun	fra
justesa	noun	oci	justesse	noun	fra
lachièr	adjective	oci	laitier	adjective	fra
contricion	noun	oci	contrition	noun	fra
Douville	properNoun	oci	Douville	properNoun	fra
sentida	noun	oci	odorat	noun	fra
sentida	noun	oci	flair	noun	fra
Briones	properNoun	oci	Briones	properNoun	fra
Cerezuela	properNoun	oci	Cerezuela	properNoun	fra
casqueta	noun	oci	casquette	noun	fra
frenar	verb	oci	freiner	verb	fra
Guinness	properNoun	oci	Guinness	properNoun	fra
flòra	noun	oci	flore	noun	fra
combativitat	noun	oci	combativité	noun	fra
fònt	noun	oci	source	noun	fra
entre	preposition	oci	entre	preposition	fra
Obiol	properNoun	oci	Obiol	properNoun	fra
uèit cents	numeral	oci	huit cent	numeral	fra
uèit cents	numeral	oci	huit-cent	numeral	fra
cuert	adjective	oci	court	adjective	fra
Monteagudo	properNoun	oci	Monteagudo	properNoun	fra
Pellerin	properNoun	oci	Pellerin	properNoun	fra
Grandchamp	properNoun	oci	Grandchamp	properNoun	fra
desorientar	verb	oci	désorienter	verb	fra
Silber	properNoun	oci	Silber	properNoun	fra
Aisa	properNoun	oci	Aisa	properNoun	fra
sablós	adjective	oci	sableux	adjective	fra
Campaña	properNoun	oci	Campaña	properNoun	fra
maladrechàs	adjective	oci	maladroit	adjective	fra
noirissa	noun	oci	nourrice	noun	fra
Mendelssohn	properNoun	oci	Mendelssohn	properNoun	fra
ciutadan	adjective	oci	citoyen	adjective	fra
incondicionalament	adverb	oci	inconditionnellement	adverb	fra
Fung	properNoun	oci	Fung	properNoun	fra
solpre	noun	oci	soufre	noun	fra
espòrt	noun	oci	sport	noun	fra
en cors de	preposition	oci	en cours de	preposition	fra
Hermoso	properNoun	oci	Hermoso	properNoun	fra
acha	noun	oci	hache	noun	fra
Minneapòlis	properNoun	oci	Minneapolis	properNoun	fra
Vives	properNoun	oci	Vives	properNoun	fra
Salamina	properNoun	oci	Salamine	properNoun	fra
reciclat	adjective	oci	recyclé	adjective	fra
setanta sièis	numeral	oci	soixante-seize	numeral	fra
filatge	noun	oci	filage	noun	fra
forforon	noun	oci	frelon	noun	fra
Prodi	properNoun	oci	Prodi	properNoun	fra
tròn	noun	oci	trône	noun	fra
replica	noun	oci	réplique	noun	fra
Desaix	properNoun	oci	Desaix	properNoun	fra
extèrn	adjective	oci	externe	adjective	fra
Flotats	properNoun	oci	Flotats	properNoun	fra
Pellegrini	properNoun	oci	Pellegrini	properNoun	fra
al començament	adverb	oci	au début	adverb	fra
pulverulent	adjective	oci	pulvérulent	adjective	fra
Sabata	properNoun	oci	Sabata	properNoun	fra
Matar	properNoun	oci	Matar	properNoun	fra
aufèrta	noun	oci	offre	noun	fra
estonat	adjective	oci	étonné	adjective	fra
Peix	properNoun	oci	Peix	properNoun	fra
fecondacion	noun	oci	fécondation	noun	fra
calomnia	noun	oci	calomnie	noun	fra
insurgent	adjective	oci	insurgé	adjective	fra
Sumner	properNoun	oci	Sumner	properNoun	fra
particularizar	verb	oci	particulariser	verb	fra
frugivòr	adjective	oci	frugivore	adjective	fra
sulfur	noun	oci	sulfure	noun	fra
Pitarresi	properNoun	oci	Pitarresi	properNoun	fra
tralha	noun	oci	trace	noun	fra
Crusellas	properNoun	oci	Crusellas	properNoun	fra
lemosin	noun	oci	limousin	noun	fra
Equator	properNoun	oci	Équateur	properNoun	fra
judiciàriament	adverb	oci	judiciairement	adverb	fra
barrièra	noun	oci	barrière	noun	fra
cordilh	noun	oci	ficelle	noun	fra
dramatizar	verb	oci	dramatiser	verb	fra
fijian	noun	oci	Fidjien	noun	fra
voltor	noun	oci	vautour	noun	fra
Helena	properNoun	oci	Helena	properNoun	fra
Jersei	properNoun	oci	Jersey	properNoun	fra
tija	noun	oci	tige	noun	fra
Dumaresq	properNoun	oci	Dumaresq	properNoun	fra
von Krusenstern	properNoun	oci	von Krusenstern	properNoun	fra
Mathieu	properNoun	oci	Mathieu	properNoun	fra
regalar	verb	oci	offrir	verb	fra
regalar	verb	oci	régaler	verb	fra
Rasiah	properNoun	oci	Rasiah	properNoun	fra
futil	adjective	oci	futile	adjective	fra
fidèlament	adverb	oci	fidèlement	adverb	fra
rar	adjective	oci	rare	adjective	fra
triangulacion	noun	oci	triangulation	noun	fra
magmatisme	noun	oci	magmatisme	noun	fra
Zarzoso	properNoun	oci	Zarzoso	properNoun	fra
Le Pen	properNoun	oci	Le Pen	properNoun	fra
Yi	properNoun	oci	Yi	properNoun	fra
Ercegovina	properNoun	oci	Herzégovine	properNoun	fra
fatòrga	noun	oci	sornette	noun	fra
flagelar	verb	oci	flageller	verb	fra
Bargalló	properNoun	oci	Bargalló	properNoun	fra
Laborda	properNoun	oci	Laborda	properNoun	fra
meritòri	adjective	oci	méritoire	adjective	fra
basana	noun	oci	basane	noun	fra
Chalifoux	properNoun	oci	Chalifoux	properNoun	fra
lausange	noun	oci	losange	noun	fra
Paltrow	properNoun	oci	Paltrow	properNoun	fra
mandarin	adjective	oci	mandarin	adjective	fra
cursiu	adjective	oci	cursif	adjective	fra
Violet	properNoun	oci	Violet	properNoun	fra
citosina	noun	oci	cytosine	noun	fra
Biello	properNoun	oci	Biello	properNoun	fra
Wainwright	properNoun	oci	Wainwright	properNoun	fra
Pothier	properNoun	oci	Pothier	properNoun	fra
mitic	adjective	oci	mythique	adjective	fra
Lanctôt	properNoun	oci	Lanctôt	properNoun	fra
aliança	noun	oci	alliance	noun	fra
apiejar	verb	oci	appuyer	verb	fra
taxista	noun	oci	taxiste	noun	fra
Bali	properNoun	oci	Bali	properNoun	fra
metabòl	adjective	oci	métabole	adjective	fra
Brizuela	properNoun	oci	Brizuela	properNoun	fra
Bielan	properNoun	oci	Bielan	properNoun	fra
d'autre biais	adverb	oci	d'ailleurs	adverb	fra
Birmingham	properNoun	oci	Birmingham	properNoun	fra
simplificar	verb	oci	simplifier	verb	fra
aquaducte	noun	oci	aqueduc	noun	fra
Viñas	properNoun	oci	Viñas	properNoun	fra
archidiocèsi	noun	oci	archidiocèse	noun	fra
expansiu	adjective	oci	expansif	adjective	fra
Diao	properNoun	oci	Diao	properNoun	fra
Windows 95	properNoun	oci	Windows 95	properNoun	fra
Shank	properNoun	oci	Shank	properNoun	fra
Stevenson	properNoun	oci	Stevenson	properNoun	fra
quan	interrogativePronoun	oci	quand	interrogativePronoun	fra
quan	interrogativePronoun	oci	quand	adverb	fra
quan	interrogativePronoun	oci	quand	relativePronoun	fra
quan	adverb	oci	quand	interrogativePronoun	fra
quan	adverb	oci	quand	adverb	fra
quan	adverb	oci	quand	relativePronoun	fra
vilatge	noun	oci	village	noun	fra
abrasion	noun	oci	abrasion	noun	fra
negre	noun	oci	noir	noun	fra
començament	noun	oci	commencement	noun	fra
començament	noun	oci	début	noun	fra
Vinagre	properNoun	oci	Vinagre	properNoun	fra
soscriptor	noun	oci	souscripteur	noun	fra
Belijar	properNoun	oci	Belijar	properNoun	fra
Massie	properNoun	oci	Massie	properNoun	fra
Sarriá	properNoun	oci	Sarriá	properNoun	fra
Sabrina	properNoun	oci	Sabrina	properNoun	fra
González	properNoun	oci	González	properNoun	fra
oitanta	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt	numeral	fra
jurat	noun	oci	juré	noun	fra
Ferreiro	properNoun	oci	Ferreiro	properNoun	fra
Presley	properNoun	oci	Presley	properNoun	fra
chovash	noun	oci	tchouvache	noun	fra
Rohlfs	properNoun	oci	Rohlfs	properNoun	fra
Lino	properNoun	oci	Lino	properNoun	fra
Curran	properNoun	oci	Curran	properNoun	fra
otoman	noun	oci	ottoman	noun	fra
precipitadament	adverb	oci	précipitamment	adverb	fra
Conte	properNoun	oci	Conte	properNoun	fra
capitanariá	noun	oci	capitainerie	noun	fra
Moll	properNoun	oci	Moll	properNoun	fra
trotar	verb	oci	trotter	verb	fra
oliveda	noun	oci	olivette	noun	fra
Phoenix	properNoun	oci	Phoenix	properNoun	fra
distinguir	verb	oci	distinguer	verb	fra
margarina	noun	oci	margarine	noun	fra
Zubkov	properNoun	oci	Zubkov	properNoun	fra
Degrandpré	properNoun	oci	Degrandpré	properNoun	fra
Bonete	properNoun	oci	Bonete	properNoun	fra
Saunders	properNoun	oci	Saunders	properNoun	fra
Andic	properNoun	oci	Andic	properNoun	fra
kg	noun	oci	kg	noun	fra
EUPV	noun	oci	EUPV	noun	fra
Pili	properNoun	oci	Pili	properNoun	fra
Maryam	properNoun	oci	Maryam	properNoun	fra
Espín	properNoun	oci	Espín	properNoun	fra
McPhee	properNoun	oci	McPhee	properNoun	fra
aranjada	noun	oci	oronge	noun	fra
aperiodic	adjective	oci	apériodique	adjective	fra
Brouti	properNoun	oci	Brouti	properNoun	fra
Scalzo	properNoun	oci	Scalzo	properNoun	fra
Gratton	properNoun	oci	Gratton	properNoun	fra
Ginés	properNoun	oci	Ginés	properNoun	fra
traïson	noun	oci	trahison	noun	fra
Scarlett	properNoun	oci	Scarlett	properNoun	fra
unenc	adjective	oci	unique	adjective	fra
dijòus	noun	oci	jeudi	noun	fra
Cantara	properNoun	oci	Cantara	properNoun	fra
simultanèu	adjective	oci	simultané	adjective	fra
credible	adjective	oci	crédible	adjective	fra
Poza	properNoun	oci	Poza	properNoun	fra
Barbe	properNoun	oci	Barbe	properNoun	fra
fèsta	noun	oci	fête	noun	fra
Channel	properNoun	oci	Channel	properNoun	fra
recolhir	verb	oci	recueillir	verb	fra
devastador	adjective	oci	dévastateur	adjective	fra
sistematizacion	noun	oci	systématisation	noun	fra
far	verb	oci	faire	verb	fra
autentificar	verb	oci	authentifier	verb	fra
oceanografe	noun	oci	océanographe	noun	fra
alhòli	noun	oci	aïoli	noun	fra
Adjani	properNoun	oci	Adjani	properNoun	fra
rudiment	noun	oci	rudiment	noun	fra
Opentrad	properNoun	oci	Opentrad	properNoun	fra
autorizacion	noun	oci	autorisation	noun	fra
Palet	properNoun	oci	Palet	properNoun	fra
Rabasa	properNoun	oci	Rabasa	properNoun	fra
comentari	noun	oci	commentaire	noun	fra
Haq	properNoun	oci	Haq	properNoun	fra
Williams	properNoun	oci	Williams	properNoun	fra
Batista	properNoun	oci	Batista	properNoun	fra
Cerrillo	properNoun	oci	Cerrillo	properNoun	fra
garçon	noun	oci	serveur	noun	fra
dictatura	noun	oci	dictature	noun	fra
Celis	properNoun	oci	Celis	properNoun	fra
perceptiu	adjective	oci	perceptif	adjective	fra
Mantha	properNoun	oci	Mantha	properNoun	fra
Paolucci	properNoun	oci	Paolucci	properNoun	fra
Addison	properNoun	oci	Addison	properNoun	fra
Betlan	properNoun	oci	Betlan	properNoun	fra
imne	noun	oci	hymne	noun	fra
Saclay	properNoun	oci	Saclay	properNoun	fra
l'an passat	adverb	oci	l'année dernière	adverb	fra
Boswell	properNoun	oci	Boswell	properNoun	fra
Aldabo	properNoun	oci	Aldabo	properNoun	fra
isolant	adjective	oci	isolant	adjective	fra
Bartrina	properNoun	oci	Bartrina	properNoun	fra
estriuet	noun	oci	refrain	noun	fra
Arbonés	properNoun	oci	Arbonés	properNoun	fra
Zamorano	properNoun	oci	Zamorano	properNoun	fra
ignorant	adjective	oci	ignorant	adjective	fra
Halder	properNoun	oci	Halder	properNoun	fra
aparència	noun	oci	apparence	noun	fra
variar	verb	oci	varier	verb	fra
Gerbeau	properNoun	oci	Gerbeau	properNoun	fra
inviable	adjective	oci	inviable	adjective	fra
Woolf	properNoun	oci	Woolf	properNoun	fra
de Lacaille	properNoun	oci	de Lacaille	properNoun	fra
Sole	properNoun	oci	Sole	properNoun	fra
insular	adjective	oci	insulaire	adjective	fra
O'Connor	properNoun	oci	O'Connor	properNoun	fra
Straw	properNoun	oci	Straw	properNoun	fra
UNESCO	properNoun	oci	UNESCO	properNoun	fra
Montañés	properNoun	oci	Montañés	properNoun	fra
Audí	properNoun	oci	Audí	properNoun	fra
Torrijos	properNoun	oci	Torrijos	properNoun	fra
intervencionista	adjective	oci	interventionniste	adjective	fra
tornar	adverb	oci	à nouveau	adverb	fra
rampa	noun	oci	crampe	noun	fra
butada	noun	oci	poussée	noun	fra
interrompre	verb	oci	interrompre	verb	fra
Brisebois	properNoun	oci	Brisebois	properNoun	fra
divin	adjective	oci	divin	adjective	fra
marquesian	noun	oci	Marquisien	noun	fra
Monton	properNoun	oci	Monton	properNoun	fra
Colangelo	properNoun	oci	Colangelo	properNoun	fra
implementar	verb	oci	implémenter	verb	fra
Freeman	properNoun	oci	Freeman	properNoun	fra
Fernandes	properNoun	oci	Fernandes	properNoun	fra
concertar	verb	oci	concerter	verb	fra
Fossas	properNoun	oci	Fossas	properNoun	fra
collaboracionista	noun	oci	collaborationniste	noun	fra
Vicéns	properNoun	oci	Vicéns	properNoun	fra
adornament	noun	oci	parure	noun	fra
liurament	adverb	oci	librement	adverb	fra
pleament	adverb	oci	pleinement	adverb	fra
Plaisance	properNoun	oci	Plaisance	properNoun	fra
intervenent	noun	oci	intervenant	noun	fra
Gaspar	properNoun	oci	Gaspar	properNoun	fra
tarifa	noun	oci	tarif	noun	fra
penicillina	noun	oci	pénicilline	noun	fra
biofilme	noun	oci	biofilm	noun	fra
Fiorino	properNoun	oci	Fiorino	properNoun	fra
filmografia	noun	oci	filmographie	noun	fra
hestejar	verb	oci	fêter	verb	fra
litografia	noun	oci	lithographie	noun	fra
opcion	noun	oci	option	noun	fra
Encarnación	properNoun	oci	Encarnación	properNoun	fra
Landerman	properNoun	oci	Landerman	properNoun	fra
Hérault	properNoun	oci	Hérault	properNoun	fra
Sicília	properNoun	oci	Sicília	properNoun	fra
Sicília	properNoun	oci	Sicile	properNoun	fra
olimpic	adjective	oci	olympique	adjective	fra
pastenc	noun	oci	pâturage	noun	fra
Mac	properNoun	oci	Mac	properNoun	fra
Oneill	properNoun	oci	Oneill	properNoun	fra
derivada	noun	oci	dérivée	noun	fra
salvaire	noun	oci	sauveur	noun	fra
fenician	adjective	oci	phénicien	adjective	fra
Olives	properNoun	oci	Olives	properNoun	fra
Jordana	properNoun	oci	Jordana	properNoun	fra
Marselha	properNoun	oci	Marseille	properNoun	fra
braça	noun	oci	brasse	noun	fra
bleçat	noun	oci	blessé	noun	fra
Mercado	properNoun	oci	Mercado	properNoun	fra
Hurtubise	properNoun	oci	Hurtubise	properNoun	fra
omonimia	noun	oci	homonymie	noun	fra
Lafond	properNoun	oci	Lafond	properNoun	fra
Galcerán	properNoun	oci	Galcerán	properNoun	fra
Carreté	properNoun	oci	Carreté	properNoun	fra
incandescent	adjective	oci	incandescent	adjective	fra
Gourgues	properNoun	oci	Gourgues	properNoun	fra
coard	adjective	oci	lâche	adjective	fra
coard	adjective	oci	couard	adjective	fra
Pirenèu	properNoun	oci	Pyrénées	properNoun	fra
Spina	properNoun	oci	Spina	properNoun	fra
Mapp	properNoun	oci	Mapp	properNoun	fra
fasti	noun	oci	dégoût	noun	fra
serendipitat	noun	oci	sérendipité	noun	fra
Marini	properNoun	oci	Marini	properNoun	fra
Rimini	properNoun	oci	Rimini	properNoun	fra
Rénald	properNoun	oci	Rénald	properNoun	fra
Toutant	properNoun	oci	Toutant	properNoun	fra
Danilo	properNoun	oci	Danilo	properNoun	fra
Isla de França	properNoun	oci	Île-de-France	properNoun	fra
traduccion	noun	oci	traduction	noun	fra
empont	noun	oci	estrade	noun	fra
moral	noun	oci	moral	noun	fra
Brindamour	properNoun	oci	Brindamour	properNoun	fra
Membrado	properNoun	oci	Membrado	properNoun	fra
Debien	properNoun	oci	Debien	properNoun	fra
Springsteen	properNoun	oci	Springsteen	properNoun	fra
tina	noun	oci	cuve	noun	fra
Solés	properNoun	oci	Solés	properNoun	fra
ton	determiner	oci	ton	determiner	fra
ton	determiner	oci	ton	possessivePronoun	fra
ton	possessivePronoun	oci	ton	determiner	fra
ton	possessivePronoun	oci	ton	possessivePronoun	fra
esportivitat	noun	oci	sportivité	noun	fra
coitre	noun	oci	coutre	noun	fra
tatà	noun	oci	tata	noun	fra
preparacion	noun	oci	préparation	noun	fra
von Dardel	properNoun	oci	von Dardel	properNoun	fra
Azcárate	properNoun	oci	Azcárate	properNoun	fra
mixt	adjective	oci	mixte	adjective	fra
Gibouleau	properNoun	oci	Gibouleau	properNoun	fra
carboxilic	adjective	oci	carboxylique	adjective	fra
infirmariá	noun	oci	infirmerie	noun	fra
espeleologic	adjective	oci	spéléologique	adjective	fra
al près	adverb	oci	auprès	adverb	fra
Bond	properNoun	oci	Bond	properNoun	fra
holar	verb	oci	gonfler	verb	fra
holar	verb	oci	bouffer	verb	fra
Rué	properNoun	oci	Rué	properNoun	fra
Aush	properNoun	oci	Auch	properNoun	fra
Olot	properNoun	oci	Olot	properNoun	fra
Cécilia	properNoun	oci	Cécilia	properNoun	fra
Checa	properNoun	oci	Checa	properNoun	fra
von Sachsen	properNoun	oci	von Sachsen	properNoun	fra
visitaire	adjective	oci	visiteur	adjective	fra
Sierra	properNoun	oci	Sierra	properNoun	fra
Mallette	properNoun	oci	Mallette	properNoun	fra
Bartual	properNoun	oci	Bartual	properNoun	fra
audiovisual	noun	oci	audiovisuel	noun	fra
patrocinar	verb	oci	sponsoriser	verb	fra
perfièch	adjective	oci	parfait	adjective	fra
progressivament	adverb	oci	progressivement	adverb	fra
an	noun	oci	an	noun	fra
imposicion	noun	oci	imposition	noun	fra
etanòl	noun	oci	éthanol	noun	fra
Domon	properNoun	oci	Domon	properNoun	fra
Margalef	properNoun	oci	Margalef	properNoun	fra
Galdeano	properNoun	oci	Galdeano	properNoun	fra
escotelar	verb	oci	poignarder	verb	fra
Recaséns	properNoun	oci	Recaséns	properNoun	fra
pragués	adjective	oci	pragois	adjective	fra
regularizacion	noun	oci	régularisation	noun	fra
remanéncia	noun	oci	rémanence	noun	fra
benesir	verb	oci	bénir	verb	fra
Loiselle	properNoun	oci	Loiselle	properNoun	fra
omosexualitat	noun	oci	homosexualité	noun	fra
dialècte	noun	oci	dialecte	noun	fra
Dorsey	properNoun	oci	Dorsey	properNoun	fra
furor	noun	oci	fureur	noun	fra
Martine	properNoun	oci	Martine	properNoun	fra
Cassandra	properNoun	oci	Cassandre	properNoun	fra
Cassandra	properNoun	oci	Cassandra	properNoun	fra
Girón	properNoun	oci	Girón	properNoun	fra
Scrive	properNoun	oci	Scrive	properNoun	fra
Peitau-Charantas	properNoun	oci	Poitou-Charentes	properNoun	fra
Lareau	properNoun	oci	Lareau	properNoun	fra
clanic	adjective	oci	clanique	adjective	fra
suplent	adjective	oci	suppléant	adjective	fra
diatomèa	noun	oci	diatomée	noun	fra
mandatar	verb	oci	mandater	verb	fra
Lafranchise	properNoun	oci	Lafranchise	properNoun	fra
PDG	noun	oci	PDG	noun	fra
Jutland	properNoun	oci	Jutland	properNoun	fra
estadistica	noun	oci	statistique	noun	fra
Delaney	properNoun	oci	Delaney	properNoun	fra
picard	adjective	oci	picard	adjective	fra
Davies	properNoun	oci	Davies	properNoun	fra
antimilitarista	adjective	oci	antimilitariste	adjective	fra
Espinal	properNoun	oci	Espinal	properNoun	fra
vaccin	noun	oci	vaccin	noun	fra
Lander	properNoun	oci	Lander	properNoun	fra
WWF	noun	oci	WWF	noun	fra
Entwistle	properNoun	oci	Entwistle	properNoun	fra
quars	noun	oci	quartz	noun	fra
excoriar	verb	oci	excorier	verb	fra
tordre	noun	oci	grive	noun	fra
Canfranc	properNoun	oci	Canfranc	properNoun	fra
Curie	properNoun	oci	Curie	properNoun	fra
irrecusable	adjective	oci	irrécusable	adjective	fra
veire	verb	oci	voir	verb	fra
fortalesa	noun	oci	forteresse	noun	fra
Feliz	properNoun	oci	Feliz	properNoun	fra
Roldan	properNoun	oci	Roldan	properNoun	fra
Pujadó	properNoun	oci	Pujadó	properNoun	fra
Rokia	properNoun	oci	Rokia	properNoun	fra
vitalitat	noun	oci	vitalité	noun	fra
Alpuente	properNoun	oci	Alpuente	properNoun	fra
navecha	noun	oci	vanneau	noun	fra
Orra	properNoun	oci	Orra	properNoun	fra
Haque	properNoun	oci	Haque	properNoun	fra
Fitch	properNoun	oci	Fitch	properNoun	fra
Peidro	properNoun	oci	Peidro	properNoun	fra
Roderic	properNoun	oci	Roderic	properNoun	fra
cultivat	adjective	oci	cultivé	adjective	fra
Gàllia	properNoun	oci	Gaule	properNoun	fra
Rodero	properNoun	oci	Rodero	properNoun	fra
Dib	properNoun	oci	Dib	properNoun	fra
carroçariá	noun	oci	carrosserie	noun	fra
detengut	adjective	oci	détenu	adjective	fra
tombar	verb	oci	choir	verb	fra
tombar	verb	oci	tomber	verb	fra
tombar	verb	oci	chuter	verb	fra
Osanz	properNoun	oci	Osanz	properNoun	fra
von Falkenhayn	properNoun	oci	von Falkenhayn	properNoun	fra
Lainé	properNoun	oci	Lainé	properNoun	fra
CE	noun	oci	CE	noun	fra
Meredith	properNoun	oci	Meredith	properNoun	fra
totalitat	noun	oci	totalité	noun	fra
penjar	verb	oci	pendre	verb	fra
Mullin	properNoun	oci	Mullin	properNoun	fra
Fournel	properNoun	oci	Fournel	properNoun	fra
oblit	noun	oci	oubli	noun	fra
Gustav	properNoun	oci	Gustav	properNoun	fra
McCallum	properNoun	oci	McCallum	properNoun	fra
controvèrsia	noun	oci	controverse	noun	fra
retna	noun	oci	rêne	noun	fra
calfatge	noun	oci	chauffage	noun	fra
Marengère	properNoun	oci	Marengère	properNoun	fra
Issa	properNoun	oci	Issa	properNoun	fra
Ampère	properNoun	oci	Ampère	properNoun	fra
al-Àssad	properNoun	oci	al-Àssad	properNoun	fra
franchament	adverb	oci	franchement	adverb	fra
exterminacion	noun	oci	extermination	noun	fra
bandit	noun	oci	bandit	noun	fra
crispacion	noun	oci	crispation	noun	fra
Matamala	properNoun	oci	Matamala	properNoun	fra
digèst	adjective	oci	digeste	adjective	fra
Yagüe	properNoun	oci	Yagüe	properNoun	fra
involontari	adjective	oci	involontaire	adjective	fra
inalacion	noun	oci	inhalation	noun	fra
a boca de nuèch	adverb	oci	à la tombée de la nuit	adverb	fra
Joly	properNoun	oci	Joly	properNoun	fra
pelanha	noun	oci	pelure	noun	fra
montilha	noun	oci	dune	noun	fra
Maraton	properNoun	oci	Marathon	properNoun	fra
Amaró	properNoun	oci	Amaró	properNoun	fra
Jomphe	properNoun	oci	Jomphe	properNoun	fra
Douce	properNoun	oci	Douce	properNoun	fra
Saldanha	properNoun	oci	Saldanha	properNoun	fra
Escartín	properNoun	oci	Escartín	properNoun	fra
Court	properNoun	oci	Court	properNoun	fra
desonèste	adjective	oci	malhonnête	adjective	fra
solidaritat	noun	oci	solidarité	noun	fra
vòste	determiner	oci	votre	determiner	fra
vòste	determiner	oci	votre	possessivePronoun	fra
vòste	possessivePronoun	oci	votre	determiner	fra
vòste	possessivePronoun	oci	votre	possessivePronoun	fra
Rouay	properNoun	oci	Rouay	properNoun	fra
Volcy	properNoun	oci	Volcy	properNoun	fra
Colajanni	properNoun	oci	Colajanni	properNoun	fra
moderat	adjective	oci	modéré	adjective	fra
lucre	noun	oci	lucre	noun	fra
talament	adverb	oci	tellement	adverb	fra
marcatge	noun	oci	marquage	noun	fra
Davis	properNoun	oci	Davis	properNoun	fra
ribairenc	adjective	oci	riverain	adjective	fra
Saviola	properNoun	oci	Saviola	properNoun	fra
armanhac	noun	oci	armagnac	noun	fra
dactilologia	noun	oci	dactylologie	noun	fra
Montpetit	properNoun	oci	Montpetit	properNoun	fra
Bourne	properNoun	oci	Bourne	properNoun	fra
algonquin	adjective	oci	algonquin	adjective	fra
Melandri	properNoun	oci	Melandri	properNoun	fra
Danielle	properNoun	oci	Danielle	properNoun	fra
fòl	adjective	oci	fou	adjective	fra
propan	noun	oci	propane	noun	fra
von Chemnitz	properNoun	oci	von Chemnitz	properNoun	fra
Renault	properNoun	oci	Renault	properNoun	fra
bosquet	noun	oci	bosquet	noun	fra
endoctrinament	noun	oci	endoctrinement	noun	fra
african	noun	oci	Africain	noun	fra
Bernier	properNoun	oci	Bernier	properNoun	fra
abagièra	noun	oci	myrtille	noun	fra
american	noun	oci	Américain	noun	fra
panoplia	noun	oci	panoplie	noun	fra
Lallier	properNoun	oci	Lallier	properNoun	fra
finala	noun	oci	finale	noun	fra
mecanica	noun	oci	mécanique	noun	fra
Masia	properNoun	oci	Masia	properNoun	fra
federar	verb	oci	fédérer	verb	fra
estrategic	adjective	oci	stratégique	adjective	fra
Team	properNoun	oci	Team	properNoun	fra
campèstre	adjective	oci	champêtre	adjective	fra
elocucion	noun	oci	élocution	noun	fra
digitalizacion	noun	oci	numérisation	noun	fra
heiredament	adverb	oci	froidement	adverb	fra
Escamilla	properNoun	oci	Escamilla	properNoun	fra
Bretanha	properNoun	oci	Bretagne	properNoun	fra
viure	verb	oci	vivre	verb	fra
invariant	adjective	oci	invariant	adjective	fra
Llavina	properNoun	oci	Llavina	properNoun	fra
von Komarów	properNoun	oci	von Komarów	properNoun	fra
Bild	properNoun	oci	Bild	properNoun	fra
Maupassant	properNoun	oci	Maupassant	properNoun	fra
Albalate	properNoun	oci	Albalate	properNoun	fra
antibiotic	noun	oci	antibiotique	noun	fra
bailar	verb	oci	donner	verb	fra
Bessemer	properNoun	oci	Bessemer	properNoun	fra
Prado	properNoun	oci	Prado	properNoun	fra
fiòla	noun	oci	fiole	noun	fra
barril	noun	oci	baril	noun	fra
sèrbi	noun	oci	serbe	noun	fra
Doya	properNoun	oci	Doya	properNoun	fra
regent	adjective	oci	régent	adjective	fra
marron	noun	oci	marron	noun	fra
Cañisa	properNoun	oci	Cañisa	properNoun	fra
Elwes	properNoun	oci	Elwes	properNoun	fra
grèc	noun	oci	grec	noun	fra
jupa	noun	oci	jupe	noun	fra
Stefania	properNoun	oci	Stefania	properNoun	fra
trio	noun	oci	trio	noun	fra
BBVA	noun	oci	BBVA	noun	fra
27n	adjective	oci	27ème	adjective	fra
kiribatian	noun	oci	Gilbertin	noun	fra
Mezquita	properNoun	oci	Mezquita	properNoun	fra
sonoritat	noun	oci	sonorité	noun	fra
somnifèr	adjective	oci	somnifère	adjective	fra
ensèrt	noun	oci	greffe	noun	fra
au sen de	preposition	oci	au sein de	preposition	fra
cistic	adjective	oci	cystique	adjective	fra
Galton	properNoun	oci	Galton	properNoun	fra
Roussin	properNoun	oci	Roussin	properNoun	fra
Sonia	properNoun	oci	Sonia	properNoun	fra
Angosto	properNoun	oci	Angosto	properNoun	fra
aptèr	noun	oci	aptère	noun	fra
forçar	verb	oci	forcer	verb	fra
Fahrenheit	properNoun	oci	Fahrenheit	properNoun	fra
Còsta Rica	properNoun	oci	Costa Rica	properNoun	fra
sedimentari	adjective	oci	sédimentaire	adjective	fra
conflicte	noun	oci	conflit	noun	fra
rotula	noun	oci	rotule	noun	fra
umiliacion	noun	oci	humiliation	noun	fra
descadenar	verb	oci	déchaîner	verb	fra
licèu	noun	oci	lycée	noun	fra
Dorion	properNoun	oci	Dorion	properNoun	fra
adrech	adjective	oci	adroit	adjective	fra
propaganda	noun	oci	propagande	noun	fra
electrolisi	noun	oci	électrolyse	noun	fra
allelopatia	noun	oci	allélopathie	noun	fra
valeta	noun	oci	vallon	noun	fra
per'mor que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	puisque	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Ebacher	properNoun	oci	Ebacher	properNoun	fra
a l'exterior de	preposition	oci	à l'extérieur de	preposition	fra
crompar	verb	oci	acheter	verb	fra
realizacion	noun	oci	réalisation	noun	fra
archidiague	noun	oci	archidiacre	noun	fra
guatemalenc	adjective	oci	guatémaltèque	adjective	fra
Puiggros	properNoun	oci	Puiggros	properNoun	fra
fantauma	noun	oci	fantôme	noun	fra
evòri	noun	oci	ivoire	noun	fra
Castillejo	properNoun	oci	Castillejo	properNoun	fra
nacionalisme	noun	oci	nationalisme	noun	fra
enganchar	verb	oci	accrocher	verb	fra
enganchar	verb	oci	atteler	verb	fra
Bonaire	properNoun	oci	Bonaire	properNoun	fra
deméncia	noun	oci	démence	noun	fra
Andrews	properNoun	oci	Andrews	properNoun	fra
Binette	properNoun	oci	Binette	properNoun	fra
Daigle	properNoun	oci	Daigle	properNoun	fra
selèni	noun	oci	sélénium	noun	fra
Annan	properNoun	oci	Annan	properNoun	fra
polinesian	adjective	oci	polynésien	adjective	fra
etiologia	noun	oci	étiologie	noun	fra
Forino	properNoun	oci	Forino	properNoun	fra
escrich	noun	oci	écrit	noun	fra
graile	noun	oci	grêle	noun	fra
Unamuno	properNoun	oci	Unamuno	properNoun	fra
Donald	properNoun	oci	Donald	properNoun	fra
Farran	properNoun	oci	Farran	properNoun	fra
Alícia	properNoun	oci	Alícia	properNoun	fra
molar	adjective	oci	molaire	adjective	fra
Azoulay	properNoun	oci	Azoulay	properNoun	fra
Trastàmara	properNoun	oci	Trastàmara	properNoun	fra
minimizacion	noun	oci	minimisation	noun	fra
Ronjat	properNoun	oci	Ronjat	properNoun	fra
exorbitant	adjective	oci	exorbitant	adjective	fra
Asunción	properNoun	oci	Asunción	properNoun	fra
moratòri	noun	oci	moratoire	noun	fra
Minville	properNoun	oci	Minville	properNoun	fra
Potel	properNoun	oci	Potel	properNoun	fra
Campanario	properNoun	oci	Campanario	properNoun	fra
Indira	properNoun	oci	Indira	properNoun	fra
Coriolis	properNoun	oci	Coriolis	properNoun	fra
aubre	noun	oci	arbre	noun	fra
tancar	verb	oci	fermer	verb	fra
còp d'estat	noun	oci	coup d'État	noun	fra
enonciar	verb	oci	énoncer	verb	fra
inegalitat	noun	oci	inégalité	noun	fra
constellacion	noun	oci	constellation	noun	fra
von Schilling	properNoun	oci	von Schilling	properNoun	fra
Honda	properNoun	oci	Honda	properNoun	fra
Talbi	properNoun	oci	Talbi	properNoun	fra
Medina	properNoun	oci	Medina	properNoun	fra
Alfa Romeo	properNoun	oci	Alfa Romeo	properNoun	fra
eucariòta	noun	oci	eucaryote	noun	fra
sofre	noun	oci	soufre	noun	fra
antinomic	adjective	oci	antinomique	adjective	fra
independentista	adjective	oci	indépendantiste	adjective	fra
fragosta	noun	oci	framboise	noun	fra
Brahim	properNoun	oci	Brahim	properNoun	fra
estudiar	verb	oci	étudier	verb	fra
Moreno	properNoun	oci	Moreno	properNoun	fra
George	properNoun	oci	George	properNoun	fra
idropisia	noun	oci	hydropisie	noun	fra
crubar	verb	oci	toucher	verb	fra
objectivitat	noun	oci	objectivité	noun	fra
Oliu	properNoun	oci	Oliu	properNoun	fra
multiplicacion	noun	oci	multiplication	noun	fra
pseudonime	adjective	oci	pseudonyme	adjective	fra
contemporanèament	adverb	oci	contemporainement	adverb	fra
Gatius	properNoun	oci	Gatius	properNoun	fra
Ceesay	properNoun	oci	Ceesay	properNoun	fra
francofonia	noun	oci	francophonie	noun	fra
Israël	properNoun	oci	Israël	properNoun	fra
impossibilitat	noun	oci	impossibilité	noun	fra
lituanian	noun	oci	lituanien	noun	fra
gratificacion	noun	oci	gratification	noun	fra
Agraz	properNoun	oci	Agraz	properNoun	fra
indefugible	adjective	oci	inévitable	adjective	fra
Piñas	properNoun	oci	Piñas	properNoun	fra
fortuna	noun	oci	fortune	noun	fra
Montanaro	properNoun	oci	Montanaro	properNoun	fra
passaclau	noun	oci	passe	noun	fra
filantropic	adjective	oci	philanthropique	adjective	fra
incarceracion	noun	oci	incarcération	noun	fra
Crook	properNoun	oci	Crook	properNoun	fra
maigre	noun	oci	maigre	noun	fra
subjècte	noun	oci	sujet	noun	fra
cleméncia	noun	oci	clémence	noun	fra
arrés	pronoun	oci	personne	pronoun	fra
alistar	verb	oci	choisir	verb	fra
cibernetic	adjective	oci	cybernétique	adjective	fra
gabonés	adjective	oci	gabonais	adjective	fra
Rim	properNoun	oci	Rim	properNoun	fra
Campabadal	properNoun	oci	Campabadal	properNoun	fra
Nicole	properNoun	oci	Nicole	properNoun	fra
segar	verb	oci	moissonner	verb	fra
Moffet	properNoun	oci	Moffet	properNoun	fra
papó	noun	oci	Papouasien	noun	fra
Muntané	properNoun	oci	Muntané	properNoun	fra
nonanta uèch	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-dix-huit	numeral	fra
Piu	properNoun	oci	Pie	properNoun	fra
antitetic	adjective	oci	antithétique	adjective	fra
prevenir	verb	oci	prévenir	verb	fra
subjontiu	adjective	oci	subjonctif	adjective	fra
Valentín	properNoun	oci	Valentín	properNoun	fra
Berrio	properNoun	oci	Berrio	properNoun	fra
postulant	noun	oci	postulant	noun	fra
barbetona	noun	oci	barbichette	noun	fra
Fabia	properNoun	oci	Fabia	properNoun	fra
mur	noun	oci	mur	noun	fra
Verville	properNoun	oci	Verville	properNoun	fra
Nejstgaard	properNoun	oci	Nejstgaard	properNoun	fra
Huberdeau	properNoun	oci	Huberdeau	properNoun	fra
Mayo	properNoun	oci	Mayo	properNoun	fra
màger part	noun	oci	plupart	noun	fra
demostratiu	noun	oci	démonstratif	noun	fra
Sunyol	properNoun	oci	Sunyol	properNoun	fra
ochanta sèt	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-sept	numeral	fra
Bogdanovich	properNoun	oci	Bogdanovich	properNoun	fra
indeterminat	adjective	oci	indéterminé	adjective	fra
afaire	noun	oci	affaire	noun	fra
Angiò	properNoun	oci	Angiò	properNoun	fra
Sachs	properNoun	oci	Sachs	properNoun	fra
Spanu	properNoun	oci	Spanu	properNoun	fra
abrupte	adjective	oci	abrupt	adjective	fra
de tu	adjective	oci	à toi	adjective	fra
de tu	adjective	oci	à toi	possessivePronoun	fra
de tu	possessivePronoun	oci	à toi	adjective	fra
de tu	possessivePronoun	oci	à toi	possessivePronoun	fra
bicromatic	adjective	oci	bichromatique	adjective	fra
glèisa	noun	oci	église	noun	fra
onorar	verb	oci	honorer	verb	fra
fenièr	noun	oci	fenil	noun	fra
reposar	verb	oci	replacer	verb	fra
Hirst	properNoun	oci	Hirst	properNoun	fra
movementat	adjective	oci	mouvementé	adjective	fra
Regué	properNoun	oci	Regué	properNoun	fra
radioproteccion	noun	oci	radioprotection	noun	fra
monegasc	noun	oci	Monégasque	noun	fra
apetís	noun	oci	appétit	noun	fra
fosforilacion	noun	oci	phosphorylation	noun	fra
continuament	adverb	oci	continûment	adverb	fra
Zacharie	properNoun	oci	Zacharie	properNoun	fra
Entença	properNoun	oci	Entença	properNoun	fra
colorit	noun	oci	coloris	noun	fra
aforisme	noun	oci	aphorisme	noun	fra
Isla	properNoun	oci	Isla	properNoun	fra
udmurt	noun	oci	oudmourte	noun	fra
Souchon	properNoun	oci	Souchon	properNoun	fra
Coderch	properNoun	oci	Coderch	properNoun	fra
nauruan	noun	oci	Nauruan	noun	fra
Duguay	properNoun	oci	Duguay	properNoun	fra
monarquista	adjective	oci	monarchiste	adjective	fra
pishar	verb	oci	pisser	verb	fra
pòble	noun	oci	peuple	noun	fra
Calderón	properNoun	oci	Calderón	properNoun	fra
anticatalan	noun	oci	anticatalan	noun	fra
ereditari	adjective	oci	héréditaire	adjective	fra
Maroni	properNoun	oci	Maroni	properNoun	fra
installator	noun	oci	installateur	noun	fra
Jacinta	properNoun	oci	Jacinta	properNoun	fra
Las Heras	properNoun	oci	Las Heras	properNoun	fra
eclipsar	verb	oci	éclipser	verb	fra
Guyon	properNoun	oci	Guyon	properNoun	fra
regularament	adverb	oci	régulièrement	adverb	fra
galèa	noun	oci	galée	noun	fra
Lagotte	properNoun	oci	Lagotte	properNoun	fra
Rickover	properNoun	oci	Rickover	properNoun	fra
Giro	properNoun	oci	Giro	properNoun	fra
Ella	properNoun	oci	Ella	properNoun	fra
cotilhon	noun	oci	cotillon	noun	fra
Gabbay	properNoun	oci	Gabbay	properNoun	fra
Leukemans	properNoun	oci	Leukemans	properNoun	fra
Gélinas	properNoun	oci	Gélinas	properNoun	fra
Cerdeira	properNoun	oci	Cerdeira	properNoun	fra
premsa	noun	oci	presse	noun	fra
Boisseau	properNoun	oci	Boisseau	properNoun	fra
Montardit	properNoun	oci	Montardit	properNoun	fra
Falastín	properNoun	oci	Falastín	properNoun	fra
Patience	properNoun	oci	Patience	properNoun	fra
Strong	properNoun	oci	Strong	properNoun	fra
linguista	noun	oci	linguiste	noun	fra
Brody	properNoun	oci	Brody	properNoun	fra
omniscient	adjective	oci	omniscient	adjective	fra
Rasmussen	properNoun	oci	Rasmussen	properNoun	fra
postièr	noun	oci	postier	noun	fra
Montejo	properNoun	oci	Montejo	properNoun	fra
diverticul	noun	oci	diverticule	noun	fra
Odena	properNoun	oci	Odena	properNoun	fra
Helga	properNoun	oci	Helga	properNoun	fra
zincatge	noun	oci	zingage	noun	fra
metaforic	adjective	oci	métaphorique	adjective	fra
borrèia	noun	oci	bourrée	noun	fra
retransméter	verb	oci	retransmettre	verb	fra
ortopedista	noun	oci	orthopédiste	noun	fra
lorenc	adjective	oci	lorrain	adjective	fra
coratjosament	adverb	oci	courageusement	adverb	fra
comptabilitat	noun	oci	comptabilité	noun	fra
armonia	noun	oci	harmonie	noun	fra
invèrsament	adverb	oci	inversement	adverb	fra
a l'intencion de	preposition	oci	à l'adresse de	preposition	fra
catalogar	verb	oci	cataloguer	verb	fra
defunt	adjective	oci	défunt	adjective	fra
Mogàs	properNoun	oci	Mogàs	properNoun	fra
Matthew	properNoun	oci	Matthew	properNoun	fra
transferir	verb	oci	transférer	verb	fra
Jerusalem	properNoun	oci	Jérusalem	properNoun	fra
INE	properNoun	oci	INE	properNoun	fra
utopic	adjective	oci	utopique	adjective	fra
Janice	properNoun	oci	Janice	properNoun	fra
capitalizar	verb	oci	capitaliser	verb	fra
Simenon	properNoun	oci	Simenon	properNoun	fra
Lo Puèi de Velai	properNoun	oci	Le Puy-en-Velay	properNoun	fra
Baer	properNoun	oci	Baer	properNoun	fra
Granados	properNoun	oci	Granados	properNoun	fra
Barthet-Mayer	properNoun	oci	Barthet-Mayer	properNoun	fra
Millet	properNoun	oci	Millet	properNoun	fra
piastra	noun	oci	piastre	noun	fra
Nieves	properNoun	oci	Nieves	properNoun	fra
Tuveri	properNoun	oci	Tuveri	properNoun	fra
Losier	properNoun	oci	Losier	properNoun	fra
Enrich	properNoun	oci	Enrich	properNoun	fra
plutòni	noun	oci	plutonium	noun	fra
Sulu	properNoun	oci	Sulu	properNoun	fra
Alòs i Font	properNoun	oci	Alòs i Font	properNoun	fra
Silvente	properNoun	oci	Silvente	properNoun	fra
Denton	properNoun	oci	Denton	properNoun	fra
concretar	verb	oci	concrétiser	verb	fra
Tara	properNoun	oci	Tara	properNoun	fra
Tisserand	properNoun	oci	Tisserand	properNoun	fra
immigrar	verb	oci	immigrer	verb	fra
clèrgue	noun	oci	clerc	noun	fra
St-Hilaire	properNoun	oci	St-Hilaire	properNoun	fra
Percheron	properNoun	oci	Percheron	properNoun	fra
materialament	adverb	oci	matériellement	adverb	fra
balenièr	noun	oci	baleinier	noun	fra
sap	noun	oci	sapin	noun	fra
totemic	adjective	oci	totémique	adjective	fra
Anoia	properNoun	oci	Anoia	properNoun	fra
alunhar	verb	oci	éloigner	verb	fra
canèla	noun	oci	cannelle	noun	fra
canèla	noun	oci	robinet	noun	fra
Lanteigne	properNoun	oci	Lanteigne	properNoun	fra
metòpa	noun	oci	métope	noun	fra
filmar	verb	oci	filmer	verb	fra
Sylvester Stallone	properNoun	oci	Sylvester Stallone	properNoun	fra
plòir	verb	oci	pleuvoir	verb	fra
Lovecraft	properNoun	oci	Lovecraft	properNoun	fra
Shen	properNoun	oci	Shen	properNoun	fra
carmelita	adjective	oci	carmélite	adjective	fra
productivament	adverb	oci	productivement	adverb	fra
Veloso	properNoun	oci	Veloso	properNoun	fra
etic	adjective	oci	éthique	adjective	fra
cartesian	adjective	oci	cartésien	adjective	fra
Amos	properNoun	oci	Amos	properNoun	fra
etèrn	adjective	oci	éternel	adjective	fra
ustensilha	noun	oci	ustensile	noun	fra
remplaçament	noun	oci	remplacement	noun	fra
encetar	verb	oci	entamer	verb	fra
curar	verb	oci	frotter	verb	fra
aprentissatge	noun	oci	apprentissage	noun	fra
Cuadrat	properNoun	oci	Cuadrat	properNoun	fra
Pigeon	properNoun	oci	Pigeon	properNoun	fra
Canosa	properNoun	oci	Canosa	properNoun	fra
Élise	properNoun	oci	Élise	properNoun	fra
Defrancesco	properNoun	oci	Defrancesco	properNoun	fra
equivalent	adjective	oci	équivalent	adjective	fra
Lafaille	properNoun	oci	Lafaille	properNoun	fra
allergèn	adjective	oci	allergène	adjective	fra
de Dios	properNoun	oci	de Dios	properNoun	fra
domètge	adjective	oci	souple	adjective	fra
comorian	adjective	oci	comorien	adjective	fra
Field	properNoun	oci	Field	properNoun	fra
Manzanares	properNoun	oci	Manzanares	properNoun	fra
Bonfill	properNoun	oci	Bonfill	properNoun	fra
bon	noun	oci	bon	noun	fra
cronomètre	noun	oci	chronomètre	noun	fra
Guamán	properNoun	oci	Guamán	properNoun	fra
abcès	noun	oci	abcès	noun	fra
Carreau	properNoun	oci	Carreau	properNoun	fra
derivacion	noun	oci	dérivation	noun	fra
fijian	adjective	oci	fidjien	adjective	fra
Caldero	properNoun	oci	Caldero	properNoun	fra
Puig i Godes	properNoun	oci	Puig i Godes	properNoun	fra
menaça	noun	oci	menace	noun	fra
vianés	noun	oci	Viennois	noun	fra
del mai luènh que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	du plus loin que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
ralentir	verb	oci	ralentir	verb	fra
copable	noun	oci	coupable	noun	fra
Sylla	properNoun	oci	Sylla	properNoun	fra
Albeza	properNoun	oci	Albeza	properNoun	fra
buc	noun	oci	ruche	noun	fra
Selznick	properNoun	oci	Selznick	properNoun	fra
leugèrament	adverb	oci	légèrement	adverb	fra
generalitat	noun	oci	généralité	noun	fra
augurar	verb	oci	augurer	verb	fra
Jaiteh	properNoun	oci	Jaiteh	properNoun	fra
septuagenari	noun	oci	septuagénaire	noun	fra
administrador	noun	oci	administrateur	noun	fra
navigador	noun	oci	navigateur	noun	fra
escandilhar	verb	oci	briller	verb	fra
arpitan	adjective	oci	arpitan	adjective	fra
tab	preposition	oci	avec	preposition	fra
taus	noun	oci	taux	noun	fra
Masoliver	properNoun	oci	Masoliver	properNoun	fra
March	properNoun	oci	March	properNoun	fra
resumir	verb	oci	résumer	verb	fra
fibrociment	noun	oci	fibrociment	noun	fra
beninés	adjective	oci	béninois	adjective	fra
Parramon	properNoun	oci	Parramon	properNoun	fra
X box 360	properNoun	oci	Xbox 360	properNoun	fra
McLure	properNoun	oci	McLure	properNoun	fra
despartir	verb	oci	répartir	verb	fra
renovar	verb	oci	rénover	verb	fra
fantastic	adjective	oci	fantastique	adjective	fra
punicion	noun	oci	punition	noun	fra
catapultar	verb	oci	catapulter	verb	fra
Kwok	properNoun	oci	Kwok	properNoun	fra
regionalisme	noun	oci	régionalisme	noun	fra
eiretatge	noun	oci	héritage	noun	fra
St-Maurice	properNoun	oci	St-Maurice	properNoun	fra
desillusion	noun	oci	désillusion	noun	fra
Bishop	properNoun	oci	Bishop	properNoun	fra
reconéisser	verb	oci	reconnaître	verb	fra
enquant	noun	oci	enchère	noun	fra
Harrington	properNoun	oci	Harrington	properNoun	fra
Revert	properNoun	oci	Revert	properNoun	fra
Chapados	properNoun	oci	Chapados	properNoun	fra
gascon	noun	oci	gascon	noun	fra
emplaçament	noun	oci	emplacement	noun	fra
deschifrable	adjective	oci	déchiffrable	adjective	fra
Terré	properNoun	oci	Terré	properNoun	fra
Zara	properNoun	oci	Zara	properNoun	fra
centau	adjective	oci	centième	adjective	fra
Invernon	properNoun	oci	Invernon	properNoun	fra
Suzanne	properNoun	oci	Suzanne	properNoun	fra
Antenne 2	properNoun	oci	Antenne 2	properNoun	fra
sufisent	adjective	oci	suffisant	adjective	fra
Caouette	properNoun	oci	Caouette	properNoun	fra
alternant	adjective	oci	alternant	adjective	fra
Esteller	properNoun	oci	Esteller	properNoun	fra
desfavorizat	adjective	oci	défavorisé	adjective	fra
reestructurar	verb	oci	restructurer	verb	fra
reedicion	noun	oci	réédition	noun	fra
dialògue	noun	oci	dialogue	noun	fra
carisme	noun	oci	charisme	noun	fra
conversar	verb	oci	discuter	verb	fra
conversar	verb	oci	converser	verb	fra
Oxfam	properNoun	oci	Oxfam	properNoun	fra
despolhador	noun	oci	dépouilleur	noun	fra
regionalizar	verb	oci	régionaliser	verb	fra
deroït	adjective	oci	délabré	adjective	fra
allogèn	noun	oci	allogène	noun	fra
Pike	properNoun	oci	Pike	properNoun	fra
Donoso	properNoun	oci	Donoso	properNoun	fra
contunha	noun	oci	continuation	noun	fra
cocaïna	noun	oci	cocaïne	noun	fra
Stravinskii	properNoun	oci	Stravinski	properNoun	fra
Stravinskii	properNoun	oci	Stravinsky	properNoun	fra
passatgièr	noun	oci	passager	noun	fra
Piñero	properNoun	oci	Piñero	properNoun	fra
ressèc	noun	oci	scierie	noun	fra
aviacion	noun	oci	aviation	noun	fra
musician	noun	oci	musicien	noun	fra
contingéncia	noun	oci	contingence	noun	fra
Otaola	properNoun	oci	Otaola	properNoun	fra
prèssa	noun	oci	hâte	noun	fra
farivòla	noun	oci	faribole	noun	fra
sarcofag	noun	oci	sarcophage	noun	fra
Duhalde	properNoun	oci	Duhalde	properNoun	fra
Quisling	properNoun	oci	Quisling	properNoun	fra
advèrbi	noun	oci	adverbe	noun	fra
plen	noun	oci	plein	noun	fra
Mena	properNoun	oci	Mena	properNoun	fra
Lange	properNoun	oci	Lange	properNoun	fra
carrairon	noun	oci	sentier	noun	fra
latin	adjective	oci	latin	adjective	fra
Maraver	properNoun	oci	Maraver	properNoun	fra
sacrificar	verb	oci	sacrifier	verb	fra
biblic	adjective	oci	biblique	adjective	fra
Jean-Marc	properNoun	oci	Jean-Marc	properNoun	fra
Stephenson	properNoun	oci	Stephenson	properNoun	fra
Locci	properNoun	oci	Locci	properNoun	fra
Mundet	properNoun	oci	Mundet	properNoun	fra
mat	adjective	oci	mat	adjective	fra
brodariá	noun	oci	broderie	noun	fra
Aranzabal	properNoun	oci	Aranzabal	properNoun	fra
Garrido	properNoun	oci	Garrido	properNoun	fra
del meteis biais	adverb	oci	de la même manière	adverb	fra
antropologic	adjective	oci	anthropologique	adjective	fra
tuna	noun	oci	tanière	noun	fra
Laine	properNoun	oci	Laine	properNoun	fra
darrièr	adverb	oci	derrière	adverb	fra
Collina	properNoun	oci	Collina	properNoun	fra
Polonha	properNoun	oci	Pologne	properNoun	fra
miniaturista	noun	oci	miniaturiste	noun	fra
Solinas	properNoun	oci	Solinas	properNoun	fra
Landièr	properNoun	oci	Landièr	properNoun	fra
Viladoms	properNoun	oci	Viladoms	properNoun	fra
transparent	adjective	oci	transparent	adjective	fra
Adroher	properNoun	oci	Adroher	properNoun	fra
Fortuyn	properNoun	oci	Fortuyn	properNoun	fra
amb lo pretèxte de	preposition	oci	au prétexte de	preposition	fra
lagui	noun	oci	souci	noun	fra
corean	noun	oci	coréen	noun	fra
bronquiti	noun	oci	bronchite	noun	fra
represalha	noun	oci	représaille	noun	fra
José María	properNoun	oci	José María	properNoun	fra
Levert	properNoun	oci	Levert	properNoun	fra
Líger	properNoun	oci	Loire	properNoun	fra
Botero	properNoun	oci	Botero	properNoun	fra
pòrta	noun	oci	porte	noun	fra
còl	noun	oci	cou	noun	fra
còl	noun	oci	col	noun	fra
equitat	noun	oci	équité	noun	fra
aròma	noun	oci	arôme	noun	fra
Cardiff	properNoun	oci	Cardiff	properNoun	fra
Amado	properNoun	oci	Amado	properNoun	fra
Guitart	properNoun	oci	Guitart	properNoun	fra
Fuentes	properNoun	oci	Fuentes	properNoun	fra
bastard	adjective	oci	bâtard	adjective	fra
Pierre-Jean	properNoun	oci	Pierre-Jean	properNoun	fra
botinhaire	adjective	oci	boudeur	adjective	fra
von Gerstner	properNoun	oci	von Gerstner	properNoun	fra
fàcia a	preposition	oci	face à	preposition	fra
Sihanuk	properNoun	oci	Sihanuk	properNoun	fra
instigator	noun	oci	instigateur	noun	fra
gòrga	noun	oci	gorge	noun	fra
aventurièr	adjective	oci	aventurier	adjective	fra
Olcina	properNoun	oci	Olcina	properNoun	fra
dessenhar	verb	oci	dessiner	verb	fra
pron	adverb	oci	assez	adverb	fra
patè	noun	oci	pâté	noun	fra
Frisch	properNoun	oci	Frisch	properNoun	fra
Rumí	properNoun	oci	Rumí	properNoun	fra
pròche	noun	oci	proche	noun	fra
legendari	adjective	oci	légendaire	adjective	fra
resvenjadissa	noun	oci	vengeance	noun	fra
pendís	noun	oci	descente	noun	fra
pagés	adjective	oci	paysan	adjective	fra
Lafortune	properNoun	oci	Lafortune	properNoun	fra
Croft	properNoun	oci	Croft	properNoun	fra
operatiu	adjective	oci	opératif	adjective	fra
arre	adjective	oci	aride	adjective	fra
Vivet	properNoun	oci	Vivet	properNoun	fra
Sugrañes	properNoun	oci	Sugrañes	properNoun	fra
von Repgow	properNoun	oci	von Repgow	properNoun	fra
von Wolkenstein	properNoun	oci	von Wolkenstein	properNoun	fra
recidivar	verb	oci	récidiver	verb	fra
Underwood	properNoun	oci	Underwood	properNoun	fra
Leilani	properNoun	oci	Leilani	properNoun	fra
transumanisme	noun	oci	transhumanisme	noun	fra
Labord	properNoun	oci	Labourd	properNoun	fra
Gérard	properNoun	oci	Gérard	properNoun	fra
desgahetar	verb	oci	décoller	verb	fra
Aldred	properNoun	oci	Aldred	properNoun	fra
Anglès	properNoun	oci	Anglès	properNoun	fra
gal	noun	oci	coq	noun	fra
Zarate	properNoun	oci	Zarate	properNoun	fra
sabon	noun	oci	savon	noun	fra
monarquisme	noun	oci	monarchisme	noun	fra
Merchán	properNoun	oci	Merchán	properNoun	fra
alasan	adjective	oci	alezan	adjective	fra
Bofarull	properNoun	oci	Bofarull	properNoun	fra
Thellend	properNoun	oci	Thellend	properNoun	fra
taxa	noun	oci	taxe	noun	fra
sabatic	adjective	oci	sabbatique	adjective	fra
combustion	noun	oci	combustion	noun	fra
Antofagasta	properNoun	oci	Antofagasta	properNoun	fra
arreconéisher	verb	oci	reconnaître	verb	fra
violonista	noun	oci	violoniste	noun	fra
temor	noun	oci	crainte	noun	fra
Niang	properNoun	oci	Niang	properNoun	fra
Longval	properNoun	oci	Longval	properNoun	fra
sacrestan	noun	oci	sacristain	noun	fra
cloròsi	noun	oci	chlorose	noun	fra
bronzinant	adjective	oci	bourdonnant	adjective	fra
Morer	properNoun	oci	Morer	properNoun	fra
revèrt	noun	oci	ressemblance	noun	fra
Freddy	properNoun	oci	Freddy	properNoun	fra
allegoria	noun	oci	allégorie	noun	fra
perruca	noun	oci	perruque	noun	fra
Montesinos	properNoun	oci	Montesinos	properNoun	fra
sortilègi	noun	oci	sortilège	noun	fra
Bonafé	properNoun	oci	Bonafé	properNoun	fra
lignificacion	noun	oci	lignification	noun	fra
faus	adjective	oci	faux	adjective	fra
après que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	après que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
48n	adjective	oci	48ème	adjective	fra
astigmatisme	noun	oci	astigmatisme	noun	fra
Páez	properNoun	oci	Páez	properNoun	fra
interstici	noun	oci	interstice	noun	fra
Lotari	properNoun	oci	Lothaire	properNoun	fra
Deblois	properNoun	oci	Deblois	properNoun	fra
exportator	noun	oci	exportateur	noun	fra
Lamia	properNoun	oci	Lamia	properNoun	fra
recurréncia	noun	oci	récurrence	noun	fra
Sagardi	properNoun	oci	Sagardi	properNoun	fra
conjugason	noun	oci	conjugaison	noun	fra
diamètre	noun	oci	diamètre	noun	fra
Pujado	properNoun	oci	Pujado	properNoun	fra
siderurgic	adjective	oci	sidérurgique	adjective	fra
desconegut	adjective	oci	inconnu	adjective	fra
excitacion	noun	oci	excitation	noun	fra
bodista	noun	oci	bouddhiste	noun	fra
oligarquic	adjective	oci	oligarchique	adjective	fra
Timmons	properNoun	oci	Timmons	properNoun	fra
Brasil	properNoun	oci	Brésil	properNoun	fra
arcalièch	noun	oci	châlit	noun	fra
Anatole	properNoun	oci	Anatole	properNoun	fra
Rodier	properNoun	oci	Rodier	properNoun	fra
ostensiblament	adverb	oci	ostensiblement	adverb	fra
luscambra	noun	oci	luciole	noun	fra
togolés	adjective	oci	togolais	adjective	fra
repeticion	noun	oci	répétition	noun	fra
fotosfèra	noun	oci	photosphère	noun	fra
atenèu	noun	oci	athénée	noun	fra
Hekmatyar	properNoun	oci	Hekmatyar	properNoun	fra
soudar	verb	oci	souder	verb	fra
Wilkes	properNoun	oci	Wilkes	properNoun	fra
termonuclear	adjective	oci	thermonucléaire	adjective	fra
Castejón	properNoun	oci	Castejón	properNoun	fra
cratèr	noun	oci	cratère	noun	fra
fag	noun	oci	hêtre	noun	fra
Beitia	properNoun	oci	Beitia	properNoun	fra
conclusion	noun	oci	conclusion	noun	fra
malai	adjective	oci	malaisien	adjective	fra
Dieu	properNoun	oci	Dieu	properNoun	fra
indiscret	adjective	oci	indiscret	adjective	fra
Blancafort	properNoun	oci	Blancafort	properNoun	fra
Fontan	properNoun	oci	Fontan	properNoun	fra
Weisz	properNoun	oci	Weisz	properNoun	fra
borratge	noun	oci	bourrache	noun	fra
ADN	noun	oci	ADN	noun	fra
Persechino	properNoun	oci	Persechino	properNoun	fra
Shetland	properNoun	oci	Shetland	properNoun	fra
Rabbitskin	properNoun	oci	Rabbitskin	properNoun	fra
dissòlver	verb	oci	dissoudre	verb	fra
Elizabeth	properNoun	oci	Elizabeth	properNoun	fra
Claudia	properNoun	oci	Claudia	properNoun	fra
Deacon	properNoun	oci	Deacon	properNoun	fra
confortar	verb	oci	conforter	verb	fra
Bermudas	properNoun	oci	Bermudes	properNoun	fra
similar	noun	oci	similaire	noun	fra
Balerdi	properNoun	oci	Balerdi	properNoun	fra
frontalièr	adjective	oci	frontalier	adjective	fra
caçum	noun	oci	chasse	noun	fra
Eloquin	properNoun	oci	Eloquin	properNoun	fra
Barnola	properNoun	oci	Barnola	properNoun	fra
opinion	noun	oci	opinion	noun	fra
patriotisme	noun	oci	patriotisme	noun	fra
facultat	noun	oci	faculté	noun	fra
Grandmaison	properNoun	oci	Grandmaison	properNoun	fra
Jalabert	properNoun	oci	Jalabert	properNoun	fra
toponim	noun	oci	toponyme	noun	fra
Mallofré	properNoun	oci	Mallofré	properNoun	fra
viking	adjective	oci	viking	adjective	fra
totara	adverb	oci	tout à l'heure	adverb	fra
Hussáin	properNoun	oci	Hussáin	properNoun	fra
fabricant	noun	oci	fabricant	noun	fra
teatralitat	noun	oci	théâtralité	noun	fra
arpian	noun	oci	morpion	noun	fra
apercebut	adjective	oci	aperçu	adjective	fra
von Nürnberg	properNoun	oci	von Nürnberg	properNoun	fra
inabitable	adjective	oci	inhabitable	adjective	fra
vial	noun	oci	sentier	noun	fra
Compère	properNoun	oci	Compère	properNoun	fra
enrasigament	noun	oci	enracinement	noun	fra
Mélenchon	properNoun	oci	Mélenchon	properNoun	fra
laurièr	noun	oci	laurier	noun	fra
Erless	properNoun	oci	Erless	properNoun	fra
budgetizar	verb	oci	budgétiser	verb	fra
per part de	preposition	oci	de la part de	preposition	fra
tradir	verb	oci	trahir	verb	fra
Guirau	properNoun	oci	Guirau	properNoun	fra
igièna	noun	oci	hygiène	noun	fra
Dassault	properNoun	oci	Dassault	properNoun	fra
Vielha e Mijaran	properNoun	oci	Vielha e Mijaran	properNoun	fra
violet	noun	oci	violet	noun	fra
panegiric	adjective	oci	panégyrique	adjective	fra
Barea	properNoun	oci	Barea	properNoun	fra
galés	noun	oci	gallois	noun	fra
Escarra	properNoun	oci	Escarra	properNoun	fra
escacs	noun	oci	échecs	noun	fra
reintegrar	verb	oci	réintégrer	verb	fra
blond	adjective	oci	blond	adjective	fra
creativitat	noun	oci	créativité	noun	fra
centuple	noun	oci	centuple	noun	fra
Carro	properNoun	oci	Carro	properNoun	fra
mobiliari	adjective	oci	mobilier	adjective	fra
Raciti	properNoun	oci	Raciti	properNoun	fra
Leriche	properNoun	oci	Leriche	properNoun	fra
Painchaud	properNoun	oci	Painchaud	properNoun	fra
Boudriau	properNoun	oci	Boudriau	properNoun	fra
del Rey	properNoun	oci	del Rey	properNoun	fra
Torrens	properNoun	oci	Torrens	properNoun	fra
escòla	noun	oci	école	noun	fra
liberador	adjective	oci	libérateur	adjective	fra
Forn	properNoun	oci	Forn	properNoun	fra
Salud	properNoun	oci	Salud	properNoun	fra
clericalisme	noun	oci	cléricalisme	noun	fra
Mendoza	properNoun	oci	Mendoza	properNoun	fra
Gibbon	properNoun	oci	Gibbon	properNoun	fra
eliminatòri	adjective	oci	éliminatoire	adjective	fra
fressa	noun	oci	impatience	noun	fra
Digiacomo	properNoun	oci	Digiacomo	properNoun	fra
Villarino	properNoun	oci	Villarino	properNoun	fra
Gadamer	properNoun	oci	Gadamer	properNoun	fra
Dirichlet	properNoun	oci	Dirichlet	properNoun	fra
edulcorar	verb	oci	édulcorer	verb	fra
condimentar	verb	oci	condimenter	verb	fra
Gabon	properNoun	oci	Gabon	properNoun	fra
dentista	noun	oci	dentiste	noun	fra
tornar metre	verb	oci	remettre	verb	fra
escaissar	verb	oci	surnommer	verb	fra
Waugh	properNoun	oci	Waugh	properNoun	fra
cooficialitat	noun	oci	co-officialité	noun	fra
Villarejo	properNoun	oci	Villarejo	properNoun	fra
uèch cents	numeral	oci	huit cent	numeral	fra
uèch cents	numeral	oci	huit-cent	numeral	fra
segment	noun	oci	segment	noun	fra
Lieu	properNoun	oci	Lieu	properNoun	fra
chilian	adjective	oci	chilien	adjective	fra
Bristol	properNoun	oci	Bristol	properNoun	fra
Lyonnais	properNoun	oci	Lyonnais	properNoun	fra
temporari	adjective	oci	temporaire	adjective	fra
Beaucage	properNoun	oci	Beaucage	properNoun	fra
museografic	adjective	oci	muséographique	adjective	fra
Straczynski	properNoun	oci	Straczynski	properNoun	fra
Coleridge	properNoun	oci	Coleridge	properNoun	fra
centrar	verb	oci	centrer	verb	fra
Quezada	properNoun	oci	Quezada	properNoun	fra
Deschamps	properNoun	oci	Deschamps	properNoun	fra
colonizador	adjective	oci	colonisateur	adjective	fra
Salarich	properNoun	oci	Salarich	properNoun	fra
Laetitia	properNoun	oci	Laetitia	properNoun	fra
Kirsten	properNoun	oci	Kirsten	properNoun	fra
Simoneau	properNoun	oci	Simoneau	properNoun	fra
valide	adjective	oci	valide	adjective	fra
Yanukovych	properNoun	oci	Yanukovych	properNoun	fra
Santano	properNoun	oci	Santano	properNoun	fra
Allianz	properNoun	oci	Allianz	properNoun	fra
Mas Quiles	properNoun	oci	Mas Quiles	properNoun	fra
isolament	noun	oci	isolement	noun	fra
reequilibri	noun	oci	rééquilibre	noun	fra
previer	verb	oci	prévenir	verb	fra
Palomas	properNoun	oci	Palomas	properNoun	fra
norvegian	noun	oci	norvégien	noun	fra
Zanini	properNoun	oci	Zanini	properNoun	fra
combatiu	adjective	oci	combatif	adjective	fra
Panamà	properNoun	oci	Panama	properNoun	fra
Shaikh	properNoun	oci	Shaikh	properNoun	fra
universalament	adverb	oci	universellement	adverb	fra
husta	noun	oci	bois	noun	fra
vint	numeral	oci	vingt	numeral	fra
africanista	noun	oci	africaniste	noun	fra
autonòm	noun	oci	autonome	noun	fra
civilizator	adjective	oci	civilisateur	adjective	fra
Leng	properNoun	oci	Leng	properNoun	fra
nòça	noun	oci	noce	noun	fra
panoramic	noun	oci	panoramique	noun	fra
Jéröme	properNoun	oci	Jérôme	properNoun	fra
risolièr	adjective	oci	drôle	adjective	fra
oralitat	noun	oci	oralité	noun	fra
comerciant	adjective	oci	commerçant	adjective	fra
essencialament	adverb	oci	essentiellement	adverb	fra
Sophia	properNoun	oci	Sophia	properNoun	fra
exculpar	verb	oci	innocenter	verb	fra
Rondeau	properNoun	oci	Rondeau	properNoun	fra
caduc	adjective	oci	caduque	adjective	fra
axiologic	adjective	oci	axiologique	adjective	fra
cinquen	noun	oci	cinquième	noun	fra
advèrs	adjective	oci	adverse	adjective	fra
Starr	properNoun	oci	Starr	properNoun	fra
dragon	noun	oci	dragon	noun	fra
Lida	properNoun	oci	Lida	properNoun	fra
faribòla	noun	oci	faribole	noun	fra
maraton	noun	oci	marathon	noun	fra
Liliana	properNoun	oci	Liliana	properNoun	fra
rebrembe	noun	oci	souvenir	noun	fra
instigacion	noun	oci	instigation	noun	fra
31n	adjective	oci	31ème	adjective	fra
escorrement	noun	oci	écoulement	noun	fra
von Beaulieu-Marconnay	properNoun	oci	von Beaulieu-Marconnay	properNoun	fra
orientalista	noun	oci	orientaliste	noun	fra
reestructuracion	noun	oci	restructuration	noun	fra
Hugh	properNoun	oci	Hugh	properNoun	fra
avid	adjective	oci	avide	adjective	fra
mera	noun	oci	maire	noun	fra
passat	noun	oci	précédent	noun	fra
passat	noun	oci	passé	noun	fra
Arrébola	properNoun	oci	Arrébola	properNoun	fra
limpiesa	noun	oci	propreté	noun	fra
Berengueras	properNoun	oci	Berengueras	properNoun	fra
Chandrasekhar	properNoun	oci	Chandrasekhar	properNoun	fra
Maxwell	properNoun	oci	Maxwell	properNoun	fra
espartenha	noun	oci	espadrille	noun	fra
accelerat	adjective	oci	accéléré	adjective	fra
adorator	adjective	oci	adorateur	adjective	fra
Anne	properNoun	oci	Anne	properNoun	fra
banhar	verb	oci	baigner	verb	fra
salhir	verb	oci	saillir	verb	fra
chechèn	noun	oci	tchétchène	noun	fra
oficiosament	adverb	oci	officieusement	adverb	fra
enclitic	adjective	oci	enclitique	adjective	fra
Hergé	properNoun	oci	Hergé	properNoun	fra
ostrogòt	noun	oci	Ostrogoth	noun	fra
Julienne	properNoun	oci	Julienne	properNoun	fra
Wharton	properNoun	oci	Wharton	properNoun	fra
reméter	verb	oci	remettre	verb	fra
salutacion	noun	oci	salutation	noun	fra
Savall	properNoun	oci	Savall	properNoun	fra
samorai	noun	oci	samouraï	noun	fra
octobre	noun	oci	octobre	noun	fra
Hamaoui	properNoun	oci	Hamaoui	properNoun	fra
maçuga	noun	oci	massue	noun	fra
Puertas	properNoun	oci	Puertas	properNoun	fra
Saad	properNoun	oci	Saad	properNoun	fra
reïnvestir	verb	oci	réinvestir	verb	fra
Henao	properNoun	oci	Henao	properNoun	fra
Palacín	properNoun	oci	Palacín	properNoun	fra
lambdacisme	noun	oci	lambdacisme	noun	fra
pingoïn	noun	oci	pingouin	noun	fra
Castellano	properNoun	oci	Castellano	properNoun	fra
Picón	properNoun	oci	Picón	properNoun	fra
Figueroa	properNoun	oci	Figueroa	properNoun	fra
Prévost	properNoun	oci	Prévost	properNoun	fra
laid	noun	oci	laid	noun	fra
Haddad	properNoun	oci	Haddad	properNoun	fra
separatisme	noun	oci	séparatisme	noun	fra
Adrover	properNoun	oci	Adrover	properNoun	fra
Mecteau	properNoun	oci	Mecteau	properNoun	fra
Samarra	properNoun	oci	Samarra	properNoun	fra
Seol	properNoun	oci	Séoul	properNoun	fra
tu meteis	pronoun	oci	toi-même	pronoun	fra
Lechado	properNoun	oci	Lechado	properNoun	fra
ribosòma	noun	oci	ribosome	noun	fra
un pauc après	preposition	oci	un peu après	preposition	fra
Clàudia	properNoun	oci	Clàudia	properNoun	fra
e mai se	subordinatingConjunction	oci	même si	subordinatingConjunction	fra
depositari	noun	oci	dépositaire	noun	fra
Amel	properNoun	oci	Amel	properNoun	fra
San José	properNoun	oci	San José	properNoun	fra
coronèl	noun	oci	colonel	noun	fra
pluèja	noun	oci	pluie	noun	fra
Masanes	properNoun	oci	Masanes	properNoun	fra
fornèl	noun	oci	fourneau	noun	fra
degradant	adjective	oci	dégradant	adjective	fra
Val d'Aran	properNoun	oci	Val d'Aran	properNoun	fra
Oro	properNoun	oci	Oro	properNoun	fra
Fita	properNoun	oci	Fita	properNoun	fra
precipici	noun	oci	précipice	noun	fra
tubular	adjective	oci	tubulaire	adjective	fra
Mundo	properNoun	oci	Mundo	properNoun	fra
aprendís	noun	oci	apprenti	noun	fra
Allison	properNoun	oci	Allison	properNoun	fra
contra-ataca	noun	oci	contre-attaque	noun	fra
Saganash	properNoun	oci	Saganash	properNoun	fra
betic	adjective	oci	bétique	adjective	fra
St-Arnaud	properNoun	oci	St-Arnaud	properNoun	fra
commutar	verb	oci	commuter	verb	fra
Maranda	properNoun	oci	Maranda	properNoun	fra
congregacion	noun	oci	congrégation	noun	fra
unificacion	noun	oci	unification	noun	fra
pactar	verb	oci	pactiser	verb	fra
MVP	noun	oci	MVP	noun	fra
Bull	properNoun	oci	Bull	properNoun	fra
Varennes	properNoun	oci	Varennes	properNoun	fra
colleccion	noun	oci	collection	noun	fra
Lapare	properNoun	oci	Lapare	properNoun	fra
anticlericalisme	noun	oci	anticléricalisme	noun	fra
Clusiau	properNoun	oci	Clusiau	properNoun	fra
aprovisionat	adjective	oci	approvisionné	adjective	fra
pàntol	noun	oci	rustre	noun	fra
cramba	noun	oci	chambre	noun	fra
Drapeau	properNoun	oci	Drapeau	properNoun	fra
resignacion	noun	oci	résignation	noun	fra
fustariá	noun	oci	menuiserie	noun	fra
refutacion	noun	oci	réfutation	noun	fra
nafrat	noun	oci	blessé	noun	fra
glorificacion	noun	oci	glorification	noun	fra
Benavente	properNoun	oci	Benavente	properNoun	fra
Aimat	properNoun	oci	Aimat	properNoun	fra
Cazorla	properNoun	oci	Cazorla	properNoun	fra
medicalizacion	noun	oci	médicalisation	noun	fra
Aranberri	properNoun	oci	Aranberri	properNoun	fra
Freire	properNoun	oci	Freire	properNoun	fra
veteran	noun	oci	vétéran	noun	fra
agroalimentari	adjective	oci	agroalimentaire	adjective	fra
Pasto	properNoun	oci	Pasto	properNoun	fra
barbadenc	adjective	oci	barbadien	adjective	fra
influent	adjective	oci	influent	adjective	fra
volontari	adjective	oci	volontaire	adjective	fra
Mas Ferrà	properNoun	oci	Mas Ferrà	properNoun	fra
Giampà	properNoun	oci	Giampà	properNoun	fra
armèni	adjective	oci	arménien	adjective	fra
submergir	verb	oci	submerger	verb	fra
incriminacion	noun	oci	incrimination	noun	fra
Blanchett	properNoun	oci	Blanchett	properNoun	fra
Canales	properNoun	oci	Canales	properNoun	fra
Céline	properNoun	oci	Céline	properNoun	fra
rainal	noun	oci	renard	noun	fra
Seccareccia	properNoun	oci	Seccareccia	properNoun	fra
Blanch	properNoun	oci	Blanch	properNoun	fra
amagat	adjective	oci	caché	adjective	fra
istòria	noun	oci	histoire	noun	fra
Farrás	properNoun	oci	Farrás	properNoun	fra
Trust	properNoun	oci	Trust	properNoun	fra
jòc	noun	oci	jeu	noun	fra
Dupoirieux	properNoun	oci	Dupoirieux	properNoun	fra
Iron Maiden	properNoun	oci	Iron Maiden	properNoun	fra
Chiquette	properNoun	oci	Chiquette	properNoun	fra
trompeta	noun	oci	trompette	noun	fra
Llach	properNoun	oci	Llach	properNoun	fra
Goebbels	properNoun	oci	Goebbels	properNoun	fra
perennitat	noun	oci	pérennité	noun	fra
anecdòta	noun	oci	anecdote	noun	fra
Cool	properNoun	oci	Cool	properNoun	fra
marijuana	noun	oci	marijuana	noun	fra
Erika	properNoun	oci	Erika	properNoun	fra
cinquanten	adjective	oci	cinquantième	adjective	fra
etnic	adjective	oci	ethnique	adjective	fra
Falagán	properNoun	oci	Falagán	properNoun	fra
rectangular	adjective	oci	rectangulaire	adjective	fra
Lemay	properNoun	oci	Lemay	properNoun	fra
pensament	noun	oci	souci	noun	fra
discordància	noun	oci	discordance	noun	fra
crentós	adjective	oci	pusillanime	adjective	fra
Johannesborg	properNoun	oci	Johannesbourg	properNoun	fra
acusacion	noun	oci	accusation	noun	fra
desinfectant	adjective	oci	désinfectant	adjective	fra
Estrada	properNoun	oci	Estrada	properNoun	fra
italian	noun	oci	italien	noun	fra
bescuèch	noun	oci	biscuit	noun	fra
Kimi	properNoun	oci	Kimi	properNoun	fra
Ortuño	properNoun	oci	Ortuño	properNoun	fra
subversion	noun	oci	subversion	noun	fra
Asia	properNoun	oci	Asia	properNoun	fra
Asia	properNoun	oci	Asie	properNoun	fra
Elton	properNoun	oci	Elton	properNoun	fra
vertebracion	noun	oci	structuration	noun	fra
cap e tufa	adverb	oci	tête à tête	adverb	fra
escandal	noun	oci	scandale	noun	fra
caracterizacion	noun	oci	caractérisation	noun	fra
Illarramendi	properNoun	oci	Illarramendi	properNoun	fra
Mulas	properNoun	oci	Mulas	properNoun	fra
passarèla	noun	oci	passerelle	noun	fra
justificacion	noun	oci	justification	noun	fra
Andrés	properNoun	oci	Andrés	properNoun	fra
comitat	noun	oci	comité	noun	fra
Sodan del Sud	properNoun	oci	Soudan du Sud	properNoun	fra
Buttitta	properNoun	oci	Buttitta	properNoun	fra
Politkovskaïa	properNoun	oci	Politkovskaïa	properNoun	fra
estriu	noun	oci	étrier	noun	fra
Pou	properNoun	oci	Pou	properNoun	fra
Belletti	properNoun	oci	Belletti	properNoun	fra
onor	noun	oci	honneur	noun	fra
entad	preposition	oci	pour	preposition	fra
Biedma	properNoun	oci	Biedma	properNoun	fra
ordenat	adjective	oci	ordonné	adjective	fra
Elordui	properNoun	oci	Elordui	properNoun	fra
Catesby	properNoun	oci	Catesby	properNoun	fra
Chiapas	properNoun	oci	Chiapas	properNoun	fra
l'Indépendant	properNoun	oci	l'Indépendant	properNoun	fra
satisfaire	verb	oci	satisfaire	verb	fra
illas Toquelau	properNoun	oci	îles Tokelau	properNoun	fra
Pablo	properNoun	oci	Pablo	properNoun	fra
Melero	properNoun	oci	Melero	properNoun	fra
organ	noun	oci	organe	noun	fra
lanhar	verb	oci	plaindre	verb	fra
Cervelló	properNoun	oci	Cervelló	properNoun	fra
Semaan	properNoun	oci	Semaan	properNoun	fra
auer	verb	oci	avoir	verb	fra
Dolbec	properNoun	oci	Dolbec	properNoun	fra
Pronovost	properNoun	oci	Pronovost	properNoun	fra
epistemològue	noun	oci	épistémologue	noun	fra
reialme	noun	oci	royaume	noun	fra
abusiu	adjective	oci	abusif	adjective	fra
Porlier	properNoun	oci	Porlier	properNoun	fra
Cevallos	properNoun	oci	Cevallos	properNoun	fra
Abranis	properNoun	oci	Abranis	properNoun	fra
Deleuze	properNoun	oci	Deleuze	properNoun	fra
nus	adjective	oci	nu	adjective	fra
scenograf	noun	oci	scénographe	noun	fra
Victor Hugo	properNoun	oci	Victor Hugo	properNoun	fra
Beaudreault	properNoun	oci	Beaudreault	properNoun	fra
vaissèla	noun	oci	vaisselle	noun	fra
isolar	verb	oci	chambrer	verb	fra
isolar	verb	oci	isoler	verb	fra
bireactor	noun	oci	biréacteur	noun	fra
Lainesse	properNoun	oci	Lainesse	properNoun	fra
Aconcagua	properNoun	oci	Aconcagua	properNoun	fra
expatriacion	noun	oci	expatriation	noun	fra
presumit	adjective	oci	présumé	adjective	fra
sostengut	adjective	oci	soutenu	adjective	fra
enfocar	verb	oci	diriger	verb	fra
atmosfèra	noun	oci	atmosphère	noun	fra
ponhal	noun	oci	poignard	noun	fra
bacina	noun	oci	cuvette	noun	fra
Dylan	properNoun	oci	Dylan	properNoun	fra
distraire	verb	oci	distraire	verb	fra
Imbeault	properNoun	oci	Imbeault	properNoun	fra
Ken	properNoun	oci	Ken	properNoun	fra
administrat	noun	oci	administré	noun	fra
camerà	noun	oci	caméra	noun	fra
Cheyenne	properNoun	oci	Cheyenne	properNoun	fra
Cañas	properNoun	oci	Cañas	properNoun	fra
Folgado	properNoun	oci	Folgado	properNoun	fra
electiu	adjective	oci	électif	adjective	fra
abstencionista	adjective	oci	abstentionniste	adjective	fra
Ferragut	properNoun	oci	Ferragut	properNoun	fra
Pancorbo	properNoun	oci	Pancorbo	properNoun	fra
matematic	adjective	oci	mathématique	adjective	fra
Quirante	properNoun	oci	Quirante	properNoun	fra
impression	noun	oci	impression	noun	fra
islamista	adjective	oci	islamiste	adjective	fra
Harnois	properNoun	oci	Harnois	properNoun	fra
Mestres	properNoun	oci	Mestres	properNoun	fra
magazèm	noun	oci	magasin	noun	fra
magazèm	noun	oci	entrepôt	noun	fra
Réveillé	properNoun	oci	Réveillé	properNoun	fra
Cabús	properNoun	oci	Cabús	properNoun	fra
Capilla	properNoun	oci	Capilla	properNoun	fra
Carpentier	properNoun	oci	Carpentier	properNoun	fra
odiós	adjective	oci	odieux	adjective	fra
fusterià	noun	oci	charpenterie	noun	fra
Collin	properNoun	oci	Collin	properNoun	fra
Hamza	properNoun	oci	Hamza	properNoun	fra
administrativament	adverb	oci	administrativement	adverb	fra
Sharon	properNoun	oci	Sharon	properNoun	fra
Ramal	properNoun	oci	Ramal	properNoun	fra
San Francisco	properNoun	oci	San Francisco	properNoun	fra
Macameau	properNoun	oci	Macameau	properNoun	fra
exonerar	verb	oci	exonérer	verb	fra
Romanos	properNoun	oci	Romanos	properNoun	fra
Antòni	properNoun	oci	Antoine	properNoun	fra
Antòni	properNoun	oci	Antòni	properNoun	fra
radicalisme	noun	oci	radicalisme	noun	fra
Sirera	properNoun	oci	Sirera	properNoun	fra
desplegar	verb	oci	déployer	verb	fra
Matte	properNoun	oci	Matte	properNoun	fra
formiga	noun	oci	formica	noun	fra
formiga	noun	oci	fourmi	noun	fra
aminoacid	noun	oci	amino-acide	noun	fra
aminoacid	noun	oci	aminoacide	noun	fra
esquina	noun	oci	dos	noun	fra
sonariá	noun	oci	sonnerie	noun	fra
elevament	noun	oci	élèvement	noun	fra
Oppman	properNoun	oci	Oppman	properNoun	fra
Cabrero	properNoun	oci	Cabrero	properNoun	fra
Socasau	properNoun	oci	Socasau	properNoun	fra
davant	noun	oci	devant	noun	fra
Rafsandjani	properNoun	oci	Rafsandjani	properNoun	fra
Sobis	properNoun	oci	Sobis	properNoun	fra
Lesage	properNoun	oci	Lesage	properNoun	fra
mièjanuèch	noun	oci	minuit	noun	fra
eptatlon	noun	oci	heptathlon	noun	fra
Katarina	properNoun	oci	Katarina	properNoun	fra
planificar	verb	oci	planifier	verb	fra
Gandia	properNoun	oci	Gandia	properNoun	fra
quantificator	noun	oci	quantificateur	noun	fra
Duceppe	properNoun	oci	Duceppe	properNoun	fra
comparason	noun	oci	comparaison	noun	fra
morfèma	noun	oci	morphème	noun	fra
ganacha	noun	oci	mâchoire	noun	fra
dinca	preposition	oci	jusqu'à	preposition	fra
dinca	preposition	oci	jusque	preposition	fra
Eritrèa	properNoun	oci	Érythrée	properNoun	fra
Sposaro	properNoun	oci	Sposaro	properNoun	fra
vibracion	noun	oci	vibration	noun	fra
Gargallo	properNoun	oci	Gargallo	properNoun	fra
freatic	adjective	oci	phréatique	adjective	fra
Vicent	properNoun	oci	Vicent	properNoun	fra
Desormiers	properNoun	oci	Desormiers	properNoun	fra
Ullah	properNoun	oci	Ullah	properNoun	fra
Tukai	properNoun	oci	Tukai	properNoun	fra
Leal	properNoun	oci	Leal	properNoun	fra
en memòria de	preposition	oci	à la mémoire de	preposition	fra
pàisser	verb	oci	paître	verb	fra
daurat	adjective	oci	doré	adjective	fra
Sejas	properNoun	oci	Sejas	properNoun	fra
carretièra	noun	oci	route	noun	fra
inflacion	noun	oci	inflation	noun	fra
mancant	adjective	oci	manquant	adjective	fra
acusatiu	noun	oci	accusatif	noun	fra
Todaro	properNoun	oci	Todaro	properNoun	fra
istoric	adjective	oci	historique	adjective	fra
coblar	verb	oci	coupler	verb	fra
parafiletic	adjective	oci	paraphylétique	adjective	fra
pecunha	noun	oci	fric	noun	fra
Ciszewski	properNoun	oci	Ciszewski	properNoun	fra
Ayza	properNoun	oci	Ayza	properNoun	fra
Etxeandia	properNoun	oci	Etxeandia	properNoun	fra
tuada	noun	oci	tuerie	noun	fra
de Boer	properNoun	oci	de Boer	properNoun	fra
Bobbish	properNoun	oci	Bobbish	properNoun	fra
Pierrette	properNoun	oci	Pierrette	properNoun	fra
imperfièit	noun	oci	imparfait	noun	fra
etiòp	adjective	oci	éthiopien	adjective	fra
dopamina	noun	oci	dopamine	noun	fra
vendeire	noun	oci	vendeur	noun	fra
Hervas	properNoun	oci	Hervas	properNoun	fra
Turin	properNoun	oci	Turin	properNoun	fra
dos cents	numeral	oci	deux cent	numeral	fra
dos cents	numeral	oci	deux-cent	numeral	fra
contemplatiu	adjective	oci	contemplatif	adjective	fra
Ohm	properNoun	oci	Ohm	properNoun	fra
iperespaci	noun	oci	hyperespace	noun	fra
angónia	noun	oci	angoisse	noun	fra
angónia	noun	oci	détresse	noun	fra
Fátima	properNoun	oci	Fátima	properNoun	fra
Hooper	properNoun	oci	Hooper	properNoun	fra
Jasmin	properNoun	oci	Jasmin	properNoun	fra
Saltillo	properNoun	oci	Saltillo	properNoun	fra
Cecil	properNoun	oci	Cecil	properNoun	fra
tricòt	noun	oci	tricot	noun	fra
neurastenic	adjective	oci	neurasthénique	adjective	fra
Jamaïca	properNoun	oci	Jamaïque	properNoun	fra
picòta	noun	oci	variole	noun	fra
expectorar	verb	oci	expectorer	verb	fra
obtier	verb	oci	obtenir	verb	fra
adular	verb	oci	aduler	verb	fra
St-Laurent	properNoun	oci	St-Laurent	properNoun	fra
Marielle	properNoun	oci	Marielle	properNoun	fra
sec	adjective	oci	sec	adjective	fra
inedich	adjective	oci	inédit	adjective	fra
Solé	properNoun	oci	Solé	properNoun	fra
excusa	noun	oci	excuse	noun	fra
descomptar	verb	oci	décompter	verb	fra
escocés	noun	oci	Écossais	noun	fra
per mejan de	preposition	oci	au moyen de	preposition	fra
Motte	properNoun	oci	Motte	properNoun	fra
Charette	properNoun	oci	Charette	properNoun	fra
Gámiz	properNoun	oci	Gámiz	properNoun	fra
Schröder	properNoun	oci	Schröder	properNoun	fra
Marinier	properNoun	oci	Marinier	properNoun	fra
Agirregomezkorta	properNoun	oci	Agirregomezkorta	properNoun	fra
texan	adjective	oci	texan	adjective	fra
bandat	adjective	oci	ivre	adjective	fra
estimulacion	noun	oci	stimulation	noun	fra
reorganizar	verb	oci	réorganiser	verb	fra
contenent	noun	oci	contenant	noun	fra
tracar	verb	oci	traquer	verb	fra
Bailey	properNoun	oci	Bailey	properNoun	fra
Pampena	properNoun	oci	Pampena	properNoun	fra
racionalitat	noun	oci	rationalité	noun	fra
propiciar	verb	oci	favoriser	verb	fra
Aranburu	properNoun	oci	Aranburu	properNoun	fra
Chakapash	properNoun	oci	Chakapash	properNoun	fra
corbar	verb	oci	courber	verb	fra
diligéncia	noun	oci	diligence	noun	fra
desformacion	noun	oci	déformation	noun	fra
Rollin	properNoun	oci	Rollin	properNoun	fra
Fortea	properNoun	oci	Fortea	properNoun	fra
moleta	noun	oci	omelette	noun	fra
Zornoza	properNoun	oci	Zornoza	properNoun	fra
desacòrd	noun	oci	désaccord	noun	fra
enciclica	noun	oci	encyclique	noun	fra
Canturri	properNoun	oci	Canturri	properNoun	fra
temperatura	noun	oci	température	noun	fra
Mailloux	properNoun	oci	Mailloux	properNoun	fra
Doncel	properNoun	oci	Doncel	properNoun	fra
on	interrogativePronoun	oci	où	interrogativePronoun	fra
on	interrogativePronoun	oci	où	adverb	fra
on	interrogativePronoun	oci	où	relativePronoun	fra
on	adverb	oci	où	interrogativePronoun	fra
on	adverb	oci	où	adverb	fra
on	adverb	oci	où	relativePronoun	fra
sosluòctenent	noun	oci	sous-lieutenant	noun	fra
Kamil	properNoun	oci	Kamil	properNoun	fra
quaternari	adjective	oci	quaternaire	adjective	fra
penche	noun	oci	peigne	noun	fra
Coronado	properNoun	oci	Coronado	properNoun	fra
Vericat	properNoun	oci	Vericat	properNoun	fra
Khamenei	properNoun	oci	Khamenei	properNoun	fra
contractura	noun	oci	contracture	noun	fra
vulcanizacion	noun	oci	vulcanisation	noun	fra
Fiammetta	properNoun	oci	Fiammetta	properNoun	fra
Monras	properNoun	oci	Monras	properNoun	fra
orient	noun	oci	orient	noun	fra
daissar	verb	oci	quitter	verb	fra
daissar	verb	oci	laisser	verb	fra
a l'enta de	preposition	oci	au moment de	preposition	fra
culturisme	noun	oci	culturisme	noun	fra
Herraiz	properNoun	oci	Herraiz	properNoun	fra
obesir	verb	oci	obéir	verb	fra
Coriolan	properNoun	oci	Coriolan	properNoun	fra
coirassat	adjective	oci	cuirassé	adjective	fra
fondamentalista	noun	oci	fondamentaliste	noun	fra
Frankel	properNoun	oci	Frankel	properNoun	fra
Quirion	properNoun	oci	Quirion	properNoun	fra
epistemologia	noun	oci	épistémologie	noun	fra
roleta	noun	oci	roulette	noun	fra
descolonizar	verb	oci	décoloniser	verb	fra
mandat	noun	oci	mandat	noun	fra
impòrt	noun	oci	montant	noun	fra
Francesca	properNoun	oci	Francesca	properNoun	fra
El Moussaoui	properNoun	oci	El Moussaoui	properNoun	fra
modestia	noun	oci	modestie	noun	fra
Cort	properNoun	oci	Cort	properNoun	fra
Aguadé	properNoun	oci	Aguadé	properNoun	fra
refús	noun	oci	refus	noun	fra
exclamar	verb	oci	exclamer	verb	fra
paleografia	noun	oci	paléographie	noun	fra
Arias	properNoun	oci	Arias	properNoun	fra
net	adverb	oci	net	adverb	fra
El Khayat	properNoun	oci	El Khayat	properNoun	fra
caminaire	noun	oci	marcheur	noun	fra
pragmatic	adjective	oci	pragmatique	adjective	fra
Reis	properNoun	oci	Reis	properNoun	fra
maoïsta	adjective	oci	maoïste	adjective	fra
pofre	noun	oci	poulpe	noun	fra
anterioritat	noun	oci	antériorité	noun	fra
von Drygalski	properNoun	oci	von Drygalski	properNoun	fra
Marandola	properNoun	oci	Marandola	properNoun	fra
leton	noun	oci	letton	noun	fra
dont	relativePronoun	oci	dont	relativePronoun	fra
Cortiella	properNoun	oci	Cortiella	properNoun	fra
Villarreal	properNoun	oci	Villarreal	properNoun	fra
pluricellular	adjective	oci	pluricellulaire	adjective	fra
Nardi	properNoun	oci	Nardi	properNoun	fra
sartan	noun	oci	poêle	noun	fra
collectiu	noun	oci	collectif	noun	fra
prodig	noun	oci	prodigue	noun	fra
pinçard	noun	oci	pinson	noun	fra
ensenhant	adjective	oci	enseignant	adjective	fra
balançar	verb	oci	balancer	verb	fra
Benedicto	properNoun	oci	Benedicto	properNoun	fra
Méthé	properNoun	oci	Méthé	properNoun	fra
Koehler	properNoun	oci	Koehler	properNoun	fra
Lecuona	properNoun	oci	Lecuona	properNoun	fra
Francino	properNoun	oci	Francino	properNoun	fra
exactament	adverb	oci	exactement	adverb	fra
Schiller	properNoun	oci	Schiller	properNoun	fra
visiblament	adverb	oci	visiblement	adverb	fra
invincible	adjective	oci	invincible	adjective	fra
en forma de	preposition	oci	en forme de	preposition	fra
constitucion	noun	oci	constitution	noun	fra
Deguire	properNoun	oci	Deguire	properNoun	fra
lacuna	noun	oci	lacune	noun	fra
Pachanos	properNoun	oci	Pachanos	properNoun	fra
Cativelli	properNoun	oci	Cativelli	properNoun	fra
Courtessole	properNoun	oci	Courtessole	properNoun	fra
Ximénez	properNoun	oci	Ximénez	properNoun	fra
Nogueira	properNoun	oci	Nogueira	properNoun	fra
lapidacion	noun	oci	lapidation	noun	fra
Capdet	properNoun	oci	Capdet	properNoun	fra
von Mantey	properNoun	oci	von Mantey	properNoun	fra
celebritat	noun	oci	célébrité	noun	fra
testament	noun	oci	testament	noun	fra
Medvedev	properNoun	oci	Medvedev	properNoun	fra
Juventus	properNoun	oci	Juventus	properNoun	fra
Le Corbusier	properNoun	oci	Le Corbusier	properNoun	fra
duna	noun	oci	dune	noun	fra
contaminar	verb	oci	contaminer	verb	fra
reflexion	noun	oci	réflexion	noun	fra
Cloutier	properNoun	oci	Cloutier	properNoun	fra
Philippine	properNoun	oci	Philippine	properNoun	fra
fòc	noun	oci	feu	noun	fra
de Unamuno	properNoun	oci	de Unamuno	properNoun	fra
Cammisano	properNoun	oci	Cammisano	properNoun	fra
filar	verb	oci	filer	verb	fra
embarcacion	noun	oci	embarcation	noun	fra
partejar	verb	oci	partager	verb	fra
Roda	properNoun	oci	Roda	properNoun	fra
actualisacion	noun	oci	actualisation	noun	fra
Cruesa	properNoun	oci	Creuse	properNoun	fra
Parker	properNoun	oci	Parker	properNoun	fra
populacion	noun	oci	population	noun	fra
episòdi	noun	oci	épisode	noun	fra
progressista	adjective	oci	progressiste	adjective	fra
garba	noun	oci	gerbe	noun	fra
sulpic	adverb	oci	sur l'heure	adverb	fra
sulpic	adverb	oci	tout de suite	adverb	fra
Lerner	properNoun	oci	Lerner	properNoun	fra
François	properNoun	oci	François	properNoun	fra
Sèina Saint Denis	properNoun	oci	Seine-Saint Denis	properNoun	fra
Sèina Saint Denis	properNoun	oci	Seine-Saint-Denis	properNoun	fra
Finlàndia	properNoun	oci	Finlande	properNoun	fra
Air France	properNoun	oci	Air France	properNoun	fra
mineralogic	adjective	oci	minéralogique	adjective	fra
bila	noun	oci	bile	noun	fra
Wade	properNoun	oci	Wade	properNoun	fra
Manresa	properNoun	oci	Manresa	properNoun	fra
Korrika	properNoun	oci	Korrika	properNoun	fra
Consuelo	properNoun	oci	Consuelo	properNoun	fra
Primiani	properNoun	oci	Primiani	properNoun	fra
dicotomia	noun	oci	dichotomie	noun	fra
Amadeus	properNoun	oci	Amadeus	properNoun	fra
Lantin	properNoun	oci	Lantin	properNoun	fra
poesia	noun	oci	poésie	noun	fra
pediatric	adjective	oci	pédiatrique	adjective	fra
Bascompte	properNoun	oci	Bascompte	properNoun	fra
Toral	properNoun	oci	Toral	properNoun	fra
cambrian	adjective	oci	cambrien	adjective	fra
incorporar	verb	oci	incorporer	verb	fra
inspiracion	noun	oci	inspiration	noun	fra
mossen	noun	oci	père	noun	fra
comprendre	verb	oci	comprendre	verb	fra
RIC	properNoun	oci	RIC	properNoun	fra
Mataix	properNoun	oci	Mataix	properNoun	fra
Serratosa	properNoun	oci	Serratosa	properNoun	fra
Midway	properNoun	oci	Midway	properNoun	fra
banalizacion	noun	oci	banalisation	noun	fra
usufructe	noun	oci	usufruit	noun	fra
Bresco	properNoun	oci	Bresco	properNoun	fra
Revilla	properNoun	oci	Revilla	properNoun	fra
Molano	properNoun	oci	Molano	properNoun	fra
Valentine	properNoun	oci	Valentine	properNoun	fra
realizator	noun	oci	réalisateur	noun	fra
Nofuentes	properNoun	oci	Nofuentes	properNoun	fra
reeditar	verb	oci	rééditer	verb	fra
Bonald	properNoun	oci	Bonald	properNoun	fra
Brotó	properNoun	oci	Brotó	properNoun	fra
Katharine	properNoun	oci	Katharine	properNoun	fra
reorientacion	noun	oci	réorientation	noun	fra
Barclays	properNoun	oci	Barclays	properNoun	fra
Hereu	properNoun	oci	Hereu	properNoun	fra
Boas	properNoun	oci	Boas	properNoun	fra
suplementari	adjective	oci	supplémentaire	adjective	fra
alternat	adjective	oci	alterné	adjective	fra
Balada	properNoun	oci	Balada	properNoun	fra
gatet	noun	oci	minou	noun	fra
gatet	noun	oci	chaton	noun	fra
Casasola	properNoun	oci	Casasola	properNoun	fra
mespresar	verb	oci	mépriser	verb	fra
Solsona	properNoun	oci	Solsona	properNoun	fra
Ahmad	properNoun	oci	Ahmad	properNoun	fra
negligentament	adverb	oci	négligemment	adverb	fra
Guiteras	properNoun	oci	Guiteras	properNoun	fra
pression	noun	oci	pression	noun	fra
Grande	properNoun	oci	Grande	properNoun	fra
african	adjective	oci	africain	adjective	fra
Adánez	properNoun	oci	Adánez	properNoun	fra
mestresa	noun	oci	maîtrise	noun	fra
Barras	properNoun	oci	Barras	properNoun	fra
Peris	properNoun	oci	Peris	properNoun	fra
Hutchinson	properNoun	oci	Hutchinson	properNoun	fra
trentena	noun	oci	trentaine	noun	fra
madrilenc	adjective	oci	madrilène	adjective	fra
apropriat	adjective	oci	approprié	adjective	fra
cabanon	noun	oci	tour	noun	fra
Isart	properNoun	oci	Isart	properNoun	fra
Rosine	properNoun	oci	Rosine	properNoun	fra
corean	adjective	oci	coréen	adjective	fra
del Sol	properNoun	oci	del Sol	properNoun	fra
Zanin	properNoun	oci	Zanin	properNoun	fra
Mireault	properNoun	oci	Mireault	properNoun	fra
regularitat	noun	oci	régularité	noun	fra
Cornella	properNoun	oci	Cornella	properNoun	fra
geocronologia	noun	oci	géochronologie	noun	fra
Lapierre	properNoun	oci	Lapierre	properNoun	fra
catabatic	adjective	oci	catabatique	adjective	fra
estròfa	noun	oci	strophe	noun	fra
justa	noun	oci	joute	noun	fra
Heaven	properNoun	oci	Heaven	properNoun	fra
Rinaldi	properNoun	oci	Rinaldi	properNoun	fra
Gionet	properNoun	oci	Gionet	properNoun	fra
per fòrça	adverb	oci	de force	adverb	fra
cavilha	noun	oci	cheville	noun	fra
verdejant	adjective	oci	verdoyant	adjective	fra
oficièr	noun	oci	officier	noun	fra
sortent	adjective	oci	sortant	adjective	fra
fix	noun	oci	fixe	noun	fra
Keats	properNoun	oci	Keats	properNoun	fra
divòrci	noun	oci	divorce	noun	fra
raportar	verb	oci	rapporter	verb	fra
fenolh	noun	oci	fenouil	noun	fra
prononciacion	noun	oci	prononciation	noun	fra
Florida	properNoun	oci	Floride	properNoun	fra
groenlandés	noun	oci	groenlandais	noun	fra
calor	noun	oci	chaleur	noun	fra
von Kranz	properNoun	oci	von Kranz	properNoun	fra
capitan	noun	oci	capitaine	noun	fra
Newman	properNoun	oci	Newman	properNoun	fra
gabarit	noun	oci	gabarit	noun	fra
Cadena	properNoun	oci	Cadena	properNoun	fra
Ximenez	properNoun	oci	Ximenez	properNoun	fra
Auschwitz	properNoun	oci	Auschwitz	properNoun	fra
mecanician	adjective	oci	mécanicien	adjective	fra
monocultura	noun	oci	monoculture	noun	fra
gormeta	noun	oci	gourmette	noun	fra
netament	adverb	oci	nettement	adverb	fra
Herrada	properNoun	oci	Herrada	properNoun	fra
McFarlane	properNoun	oci	McFarlane	properNoun	fra
Companys	properNoun	oci	Companys	properNoun	fra
singular	adjective	oci	singulier	adjective	fra
Amo	properNoun	oci	Amo	properNoun	fra
Cianci	properNoun	oci	Cianci	properNoun	fra
sinusiti	noun	oci	sinusite	noun	fra
camiseta	noun	oci	chemisette	noun	fra
prefixe	noun	oci	préfixe	noun	fra
senhal	noun	oci	signal	noun	fra
Astarloa	properNoun	oci	Astarloa	properNoun	fra
argòt	noun	oci	argot	noun	fra
barradura	noun	oci	clôture	noun	fra
cervicalgia	noun	oci	cervicalgie	noun	fra
referéncia	noun	oci	référence	noun	fra
Asalaïs	properNoun	oci	Asalaïs	properNoun	fra
pascal	noun	oci	pascal	noun	fra
Lameboy	properNoun	oci	Lameboy	properNoun	fra
Eurobasket	properNoun	oci	Eurobasket	properNoun	fra
Marfil	properNoun	oci	Marfil	properNoun	fra
49n	adjective	oci	49ème	adjective	fra
antau	adverb	oci	ainsi	adverb	fra
detencion	noun	oci	détention	noun	fra
Tenas	properNoun	oci	Tenas	properNoun	fra
Trulls	properNoun	oci	Trulls	properNoun	fra
precisar	verb	oci	préciser	verb	fra
gnosticisme	noun	oci	gnosticisme	noun	fra
Villamayor	properNoun	oci	Villamayor	properNoun	fra
prevaler	verb	oci	prévaloir	verb	fra
Dandrea	properNoun	oci	Dandrea	properNoun	fra
Mogán	properNoun	oci	Mogán	properNoun	fra
Alguero	properNoun	oci	Alguero	properNoun	fra
Drenthe	properNoun	oci	Drenthe	properNoun	fra
assetjar	verb	oci	assiéger	verb	fra
Boullosa	properNoun	oci	Boullosa	properNoun	fra
Beteta	properNoun	oci	Beteta	properNoun	fra
endemicitat	noun	oci	endémicité	noun	fra
papà	noun	oci	papa	noun	fra
expressivitat	noun	oci	expressivité	noun	fra
militarament	adverb	oci	militairement	adverb	fra
Vilafranca	properNoun	oci	Vilafranca	properNoun	fra
reglamentari	adjective	oci	réglementaire	adjective	fra
sénher	noun	oci	monsieur	noun	fra
sénher	noun	oci	seigneur	noun	fra
Johnston	properNoun	oci	Johnston	properNoun	fra
arteriòla	noun	oci	artériole	noun	fra
realisme	noun	oci	réalisme	noun	fra
Carricondo	properNoun	oci	Carricondo	properNoun	fra
antisemitisme	noun	oci	antisémitisme	noun	fra
articulacion	noun	oci	articulation	noun	fra
scenografe	noun	oci	scénographe	noun	fra
Prégent	properNoun	oci	Prégent	properNoun	fra
rwandés	noun	oci	Rwandais	noun	fra
reflèxe	noun	oci	réflexe	noun	fra
pentatlon	noun	oci	pentathlon	noun	fra
durabilitat	noun	oci	durabilité	noun	fra
Masramón	properNoun	oci	Masramón	properNoun	fra
ipertension	noun	oci	hypertension	noun	fra
còssa	noun	oci	louche	noun	fra
vernacular	adjective	oci	vernaculaire	adjective	fra
Guàrdia	properNoun	oci	Guàrdia	properNoun	fra
Wimbledon	properNoun	oci	Wimbledon	properNoun	fra
ruta	noun	oci	route	noun	fra
Pernías	properNoun	oci	Pernías	properNoun	fra
sudar	verb	oci	suer	verb	fra
Pichette	properNoun	oci	Pichette	properNoun	fra
Dundee	properNoun	oci	Dundee	properNoun	fra
Emanuèla	properNoun	oci	Emanuèla	properNoun	fra
Al	properNoun	oci	Al	properNoun	fra
substitut	noun	oci	substitut	noun	fra
aristocrata	noun	oci	aristocrate	noun	fra
Petrilli	properNoun	oci	Petrilli	properNoun	fra
amidon	noun	oci	amidon	noun	fra
Corcoles	properNoun	oci	Corcoles	properNoun	fra
Salardú	properNoun	oci	Salardú	properNoun	fra
article	noun	oci	article	noun	fra
Centeno	properNoun	oci	Centeno	properNoun	fra
Latendresse	properNoun	oci	Latendresse	properNoun	fra
burundés	noun	oci	Burundais	noun	fra
Cruz-Díez	properNoun	oci	Cruz-Díez	properNoun	fra
Robinson	properNoun	oci	Robinson	properNoun	fra
etiopian	adjective	oci	éthiopien	adjective	fra
prealable	adjective	oci	préalable	adjective	fra
Filip	properNoun	oci	Filip	properNoun	fra
Baez	properNoun	oci	Baez	properNoun	fra
cuba	noun	oci	cuve	noun	fra
pagaire	adjective	oci	payeur	adjective	fra
Guillamon	properNoun	oci	Guillamon	properNoun	fra
flexible	adjective	oci	flexible	adjective	fra
flexible	adjective	oci	souple	adjective	fra
boha	noun	oci	cornemuse	noun	fra
manquet	adjective	oci	manchot	adjective	fra
Tiger	properNoun	oci	Tiger	properNoun	fra
salinizar	verb	oci	saliniser	verb	fra
periodicament	adverb	oci	périodiquement	adverb	fra
fugida	noun	oci	fuite	noun	fra
Christiana	properNoun	oci	Christiana	properNoun	fra
Renzo	properNoun	oci	Renzo	properNoun	fra
encarnacion	noun	oci	incarnation	noun	fra
consignacion	noun	oci	consignation	noun	fra
reprene	verb	oci	reprendre	verb	fra
Freud	properNoun	oci	Freud	properNoun	fra
GM	noun	oci	GM	noun	fra
telluric	adjective	oci	tellurique	adjective	fra
Argüeso	properNoun	oci	Argüeso	properNoun	fra
Navas	properNoun	oci	Navas	properNoun	fra
Païses de Léger	properNoun	oci	Pays de la Loire	properNoun	fra
parabolic	adjective	oci	parabolique	adjective	fra
ictiologia	noun	oci	ichtyologie	noun	fra
Gaudí	properNoun	oci	Gaudí	properNoun	fra
Parent	properNoun	oci	Parent	properNoun	fra
Fainé	properNoun	oci	Fainé	properNoun	fra
deputat	noun	oci	député	noun	fra
confitura	noun	oci	confiture	noun	fra
propagar	verb	oci	propager	verb	fra
Max	properNoun	oci	Max	properNoun	fra
sunnita	adjective	oci	sunnite	adjective	fra
Habsbourg	properNoun	oci	Habsbourg	properNoun	fra
nèci	adjective	oci	niais	adjective	fra
capitol	noun	oci	chapitre	noun	fra
terrina	noun	oci	terrine	noun	fra
Kendall	properNoun	oci	Kendall	properNoun	fra
golf	noun	oci	golfe	noun	fra
massivament	adverb	oci	massivement	adverb	fra
capitulacion	noun	oci	capitulation	noun	fra
antibioterapia	noun	oci	antibiothérapie	noun	fra
lac	noun	oci	loch	noun	fra
lac	noun	oci	lac	noun	fra
Papigatuk	properNoun	oci	Papigatuk	properNoun	fra
Antes	properNoun	oci	Antes	properNoun	fra
destitucion	noun	oci	destitution	noun	fra
deman	noun	oci	demain	noun	fra
mielhora	noun	oci	amélioration	noun	fra
isènda	noun	oci	ferme	noun	fra
Holbein	properNoun	oci	Holbein	properNoun	fra
Carley	properNoun	oci	Carley	properNoun	fra
clausurar	verb	oci	clôturer	verb	fra
Llanos	properNoun	oci	Llanos	properNoun	fra
Nickner	properNoun	oci	Nickner	properNoun	fra
Elías	properNoun	oci	Elías	properNoun	fra
Sant Petersborg	properNoun	oci	Saint-Pétersbourg	properNoun	fra
auxiliar	adjective	oci	auxiliaire	adjective	fra
cartografia	noun	oci	cartographie	noun	fra
recebut	adjective	oci	reçu	adjective	fra
asimetria	noun	oci	asymétrie	noun	fra
quincanèra	noun	oci	banqueroute	noun	fra
content	adjective	oci	content	adjective	fra
brilhar	verb	oci	briller	verb	fra
estaticament	adverb	oci	statiquement	adverb	fra
Nasrallah	properNoun	oci	Nasrallah	properNoun	fra
Almudena	properNoun	oci	Almudena	properNoun	fra
astenia	noun	oci	asthénie	noun	fra
vath	noun	oci	vallée	noun	fra
Vacas	properNoun	oci	Vacas	properNoun	fra
Loignon	properNoun	oci	Loignon	properNoun	fra
sentenciar	verb	oci	condamner	verb	fra
Francfòrt	properNoun	oci	Francfort	properNoun	fra
previst	adjective	oci	prévu	adjective	fra
Misano	properNoun	oci	Misano	properNoun	fra
nèbla	noun	oci	brume	noun	fra
nèbla	noun	oci	brouillard	noun	fra
Pipitone	properNoun	oci	Pipitone	properNoun	fra
Moch	properNoun	oci	Moch	properNoun	fra
liquid	noun	oci	liquide	noun	fra
Corcuera	properNoun	oci	Corcuera	properNoun	fra
particular	noun	oci	particulier	noun	fra
Depetrillo	properNoun	oci	Depetrillo	properNoun	fra
Periguers	properNoun	oci	Périgueux	properNoun	fra
Pidal	properNoun	oci	Pidal	properNoun	fra
afust	noun	oci	affût	noun	fra
nòrd-oèst	noun	oci	nord-ouest	noun	fra
desinfectar	verb	oci	désinfecter	verb	fra
neonazisme	noun	oci	néonazisme	noun	fra
Loayza	properNoun	oci	Loayza	properNoun	fra
Ayestarán	properNoun	oci	Ayestarán	properNoun	fra
al respècte de	preposition	oci	à l'égard de	preposition	fra
Sixte	properNoun	oci	Sixte	properNoun	fra
urani	noun	oci	uranium	noun	fra
Salcedo	properNoun	oci	Salcedo	properNoun	fra
Lapratte	properNoun	oci	Lapratte	properNoun	fra
apartat	noun	oci	alinéa	noun	fra
estimable	adjective	oci	estimable	adjective	fra
degenerescéncia	noun	oci	dégénérescence	noun	fra
contacte	noun	oci	contact	noun	fra
supernòva	noun	oci	supernova	noun	fra
Ribelles	properNoun	oci	Ribelles	properNoun	fra
clusa	noun	oci	canyon	noun	fra
Yacoub	properNoun	oci	Yacoub	properNoun	fra
Boisvert	properNoun	oci	Boisvert	properNoun	fra
rescontrar	verb	oci	rencontrer	verb	fra
sida	noun	oci	sida	noun	fra
comunicat	noun	oci	communiqué	noun	fra
Meliès	properNoun	oci	Meliès	properNoun	fra
Torossian	properNoun	oci	Torossian	properNoun	fra
Xabi	properNoun	oci	Xabi	properNoun	fra
Gagnier	properNoun	oci	Gagnier	properNoun	fra
Lebrasseur	properNoun	oci	Lebrasseur	properNoun	fra
Sanmartí	properNoun	oci	Sanmartí	properNoun	fra
fonetica	noun	oci	phonétique	noun	fra
fira	noun	oci	foire	noun	fra
oratòri	noun	oci	oratoire	noun	fra
ereccion	noun	oci	érection	noun	fra
Espadeler	properNoun	oci	Espadeler	properNoun	fra
quand	relativePronoun	oci	quand	interrogativePronoun	fra
quand	relativePronoun	oci	quand	adverb	fra
quand	relativePronoun	oci	quand	relativePronoun	fra
perjudici	noun	oci	préjudice	noun	fra
pòrtafuèlha	noun	oci	portefeuille	noun	fra
Ferguson	properNoun	oci	Ferguson	properNoun	fra
Aumont	properNoun	oci	Aumont	properNoun	fra
mièg	adjective	oci	demi	adjective	fra
Valéncia	properNoun	oci	Valence	properNoun	fra
contrariar	verb	oci	contrarier	verb	fra
exaltar	verb	oci	exhaler	verb	fra
Hamlet	properNoun	oci	Hamlet	properNoun	fra
nòvayorkés	adjective	oci	new-yorkais	adjective	fra
shacó	noun	oci	shako	noun	fra
Humboldt	properNoun	oci	Humboldt	properNoun	fra
Atatürk	properNoun	oci	Atatürk	properNoun	fra
Iturbe	properNoun	oci	Iturbe	properNoun	fra
Batiste	properNoun	oci	Batiste	properNoun	fra
espelida	noun	oci	éclosion	noun	fra
filme	noun	oci	film	noun	fra
Villalta	properNoun	oci	Villalta	properNoun	fra
majoracion	noun	oci	majoration	noun	fra
revitalizar	verb	oci	revitaliser	verb	fra
preferéncia	noun	oci	préférence	noun	fra
Udine	properNoun	oci	Udine	properNoun	fra
adventícia	noun	oci	adventice	noun	fra
Miñarro	properNoun	oci	Miñarro	properNoun	fra
Auerbach	properNoun	oci	Auerbach	properNoun	fra
Samaranch	properNoun	oci	Samaranch	properNoun	fra
lagremós	adjective	oci	larmoyant	adjective	fra
cénger	verb	oci	ceinturer	verb	fra
cénger	verb	oci	ceindre	verb	fra
suplicar	verb	oci	supplier	verb	fra
afichaire	noun	oci	afficheur	noun	fra
fòrt	adjective	oci	fort	adjective	fra
Simon	properNoun	oci	Simon	properNoun	fra
Pardillo	properNoun	oci	Pardillo	properNoun	fra
ondradura	noun	oci	parure	noun	fra
Lewis	properNoun	oci	Lewis	properNoun	fra
immòble	adjective	oci	immeuble	adjective	fra
Cortadellas	properNoun	oci	Cortadellas	properNoun	fra
viatge	noun	oci	voyage	noun	fra
Renom	properNoun	oci	Renom	properNoun	fra
madrepòra	noun	oci	madrépore	noun	fra
gleu	noun	oci	motte	noun	fra
Ariane	properNoun	oci	Ariane	properNoun	fra
Meirás	properNoun	oci	Meirás	properNoun	fra
Maristany	properNoun	oci	Maristany	properNoun	fra
Allende	properNoun	oci	Allende	properNoun	fra
cronic	adjective	oci	chronique	adjective	fra
Joaquim	properNoun	oci	Joaquim	properNoun	fra
grama	noun	oci	gramme	noun	fra
Llonch	properNoun	oci	Llonch	properNoun	fra
GNOME	properNoun	oci	GNOME	properNoun	fra
onorable	adjective	oci	honorable	adjective	fra
Llebaría	properNoun	oci	Llebaría	properNoun	fra
si	subordinatingConjunction	oci	si	subordinatingConjunction	fra
interferir	verb	oci	interférer	verb	fra
Doyle	properNoun	oci	Doyle	properNoun	fra
degradacion	noun	oci	dégradation	noun	fra
majorana	noun	oci	marjolaine	noun	fra
niquèl	noun	oci	nickel	noun	fra
Castellón	properNoun	oci	Castellón	properNoun	fra
criticar	verb	oci	critiquer	verb	fra
Vieille	properNoun	oci	Vieille	properNoun	fra
afichista	noun	oci	affichiste	noun	fra
apofonia	noun	oci	apophonie	noun	fra
Odling	properNoun	oci	Odling	properNoun	fra
dotzen	adjective	oci	douzième	adjective	fra
suplicacion	noun	oci	supplication	noun	fra
Bowes	properNoun	oci	Bowes	properNoun	fra
rotar	verb	oci	roter	verb	fra
Boí	properNoun	oci	Boí	properNoun	fra
decapitar	verb	oci	décapiter	verb	fra
Girardeau	properNoun	oci	Girardeau	properNoun	fra
Sansano	properNoun	oci	Sansano	properNoun	fra
Gestetner	properNoun	oci	Gestetner	properNoun	fra
Mahaut	properNoun	oci	Mahaut	properNoun	fra
Servais	properNoun	oci	Servais	properNoun	fra
omograf	adjective	oci	homographe	adjective	fra
von Gluck	properNoun	oci	von Gluck	properNoun	fra
risca	noun	oci	risque	noun	fra
Pardos	properNoun	oci	Pardos	properNoun	fra
fuliginós	adjective	oci	fuligineux	adjective	fra
Sarrión	properNoun	oci	Sarrión	properNoun	fra
exclure	verb	oci	exclure	verb	fra
Jennings	properNoun	oci	Jennings	properNoun	fra
seissanta uèit	numeral	oci	soixante-huit	numeral	fra
necrologia	noun	oci	nécrologie	noun	fra
cande	adjective	oci	propre	adjective	fra
fisèlament	adverb	oci	fidèlement	adverb	fra
CSA	noun	oci	CSA	noun	fra
unicellular	adjective	oci	unicellulaire	adjective	fra
insufisença	noun	oci	insuffisance	noun	fra
vocalic	adjective	oci	vocalique	adjective	fra
Aldea	properNoun	oci	Aldea	properNoun	fra
Calabrese	properNoun	oci	Calabrese	properNoun	fra
Argelich	properNoun	oci	Argelich	properNoun	fra
congruéncia	noun	oci	congruence	noun	fra
Salhi	properNoun	oci	Salhi	properNoun	fra
matematician	adjective	oci	mathématicien	adjective	fra
unitiu	adjective	oci	unitif	adjective	fra
Farhat	properNoun	oci	Farhat	properNoun	fra
rotonda	noun	oci	rotonde	noun	fra
Azerbaitjan	properNoun	oci	Azerbaïdjan	properNoun	fra
Adriano	properNoun	oci	Adriano	properNoun	fra
castigament	noun	oci	châtiment	noun	fra
Pella	properNoun	oci	Pella	properNoun	fra
Ashby	properNoun	oci	Ashby	properNoun	fra
ARC	noun	oci	ARC	noun	fra
fachista	adjective	oci	fasciste	adjective	fra
Truscia	properNoun	oci	Truscia	properNoun	fra
abitacle	noun	oci	habitacle	noun	fra
EMV	noun	oci	EMV	noun	fra
Bayo	properNoun	oci	Bayo	properNoun	fra
Marier	properNoun	oci	Marier	properNoun	fra
acompanhaire	adjective	oci	accompagnateur	adjective	fra
caminada	noun	oci	presbytère	noun	fra
Weinstein	properNoun	oci	Weinstein	properNoun	fra
metallurgia	noun	oci	métallurgie	noun	fra
Benjumea	properNoun	oci	Benjumea	properNoun	fra
mansion	noun	oci	demeure	noun	fra
caloric	adjective	oci	calorique	adjective	fra
Yvonne	properNoun	oci	Yvonne	properNoun	fra
restant	adjective	oci	restant	adjective	fra
bruch	noun	oci	bruit	noun	fra
atòn	adjective	oci	atone	adjective	fra
anonime	noun	oci	anonyme	noun	fra
docent	adjective	oci	enseignant	adjective	fra
gropa	noun	oci	croupe	noun	fra
Grau Juan	properNoun	oci	Grau Juan	properNoun	fra
Jean-Charles	properNoun	oci	Jean-Charles	properNoun	fra
veneçolan	adjective	oci	vénézuélien	adjective	fra
EPO	noun	oci	EPO	noun	fra
abriu	noun	oci	avril	noun	fra
practica	noun	oci	pratique	noun	fra
residu	noun	oci	résidu	noun	fra
Mainguy	properNoun	oci	Mainguy	properNoun	fra
Avellaneda	properNoun	oci	Avellaneda	properNoun	fra
maluc	noun	oci	fémur	noun	fra
Fachín	properNoun	oci	Fachín	properNoun	fra
filatelia	noun	oci	philatélie	noun	fra
Mondou	properNoun	oci	Mondou	properNoun	fra
parièr	noun	oci	pareil	noun	fra
baroniá	noun	oci	baronnie	noun	fra
bestiòla	noun	oci	bestiole	noun	fra
Japon	properNoun	oci	Japon	properNoun	fra
juscas	preposition	oci	jusqu'à	preposition	fra
juscas	preposition	oci	jusque	preposition	fra
eventualitat	noun	oci	éventualité	noun	fra
Arno	properNoun	oci	Arno	properNoun	fra
majestat	noun	oci	majesté	noun	fra
visigòt	adjective	oci	wisigoth	adjective	fra
Dona	properNoun	oci	Dona	properNoun	fra
especialitat	noun	oci	spécialité	noun	fra
Kanagaratnam	properNoun	oci	Kanagaratnam	properNoun	fra
zèst	noun	oci	zeste	noun	fra
mobileta	noun	oci	mobylette	noun	fra
Brisbane	properNoun	oci	Brisbane	properNoun	fra
pèrsa	adjective	oci	perse	adjective	fra
decretar	verb	oci	décréter	verb	fra
crussentèla	noun	oci	cartilage	noun	fra
robotic	adjective	oci	robotique	adjective	fra
orgia	noun	oci	orgie	noun	fra
Ahmet	properNoun	oci	Ahmet	properNoun	fra
ipnotic	adjective	oci	hypnotique	adjective	fra
Braille	properNoun	oci	Braille	properNoun	fra
plaça	noun	oci	place	noun	fra
pes	noun	oci	poids	noun	fra
Welsh	properNoun	oci	Welsh	properNoun	fra
Arbeláez	properNoun	oci	Arbeláez	properNoun	fra
patrocini	noun	oci	patronage	noun	fra
pejoratiu	adjective	oci	péjoratif	adjective	fra
Bourgault	properNoun	oci	Bourgault	properNoun	fra
collusion	noun	oci	collusion	noun	fra
Rubinat	properNoun	oci	Rubinat	properNoun	fra
Arconada	properNoun	oci	Arconada	properNoun	fra
ortodòx	adjective	oci	orthodoxe	adjective	fra
Sabartés	properNoun	oci	Sabartés	properNoun	fra
naissent	adjective	oci	naissant	adjective	fra
Terradas	properNoun	oci	Terradas	properNoun	fra
Lafont	properNoun	oci	Lafont	properNoun	fra
Malló	properNoun	oci	Malló	properNoun	fra
cronologic	adjective	oci	chronologique	adjective	fra
Maynou	properNoun	oci	Maynou	properNoun	fra
pòcha	noun	oci	poche	noun	fra
coton	noun	oci	coton	noun	fra
McCain	properNoun	oci	McCain	properNoun	fra
Chamizo	properNoun	oci	Chamizo	properNoun	fra
arribada	noun	oci	arrivée	noun	fra
Gàmbia	properNoun	oci	Gambie	properNoun	fra
irlandés	noun	oci	irlandais	noun	fra
escolament	noun	oci	écoulement	noun	fra
Angelich	properNoun	oci	Angelich	properNoun	fra
Mozilla	properNoun	oci	Mozilla	properNoun	fra
mainar	verb	oci	rendre compte	verb	fra
Luttenberger	properNoun	oci	Luttenberger	properNoun	fra
Vaudois	properNoun	oci	Vaudois	properNoun	fra
fluïd	adjective	oci	fluide	adjective	fra
oxidacion	noun	oci	oxydation	noun	fra
baissar	verb	oci	abaisser	verb	fra
baissar	verb	oci	baisser	verb	fra
Vidiella	properNoun	oci	Vidiella	properNoun	fra
Beauvais	properNoun	oci	Beauvais	properNoun	fra
libreria	noun	oci	librairie	noun	fra
Marcellus	properNoun	oci	Marcellus	properNoun	fra
Albarrán	properNoun	oci	Albarrán	properNoun	fra
patologic	adjective	oci	pathologique	adjective	fra
extrasolar	adjective	oci	extrasolaire	adjective	fra
Esplá	properNoun	oci	Esplá	properNoun	fra
d'efièch	adverb	oci	en effet	adverb	fra
ISBN	properNoun	oci	ISBN	properNoun	fra
olimpiada	noun	oci	olympiade	noun	fra
Hevey	properNoun	oci	Hevey	properNoun	fra
Janna	properNoun	oci	Janna	properNoun	fra
Abou	properNoun	oci	Abou	properNoun	fra
Paxton	properNoun	oci	Paxton	properNoun	fra
alestir	verb	oci	terminer	verb	fra
abilhament	noun	oci	habillement	noun	fra
accidentat	noun	oci	accidenté	noun	fra
balena	noun	oci	baleine	noun	fra
d'un autre costat	adverb	oci	par ailleurs	adverb	fra
Dutemple	properNoun	oci	Dutemple	properNoun	fra
Brussèlas	properNoun	oci	Bruxelles	properNoun	fra
capèl	noun	oci	chapeau	noun	fra
Dorsainvil	properNoun	oci	Dorsainvil	properNoun	fra
burre	noun	oci	beurre	noun	fra
Émile	properNoun	oci	Émile	properNoun	fra
supervision	noun	oci	supervision	noun	fra
capturar	verb	oci	capturer	verb	fra
trach	adjective	oci	trait	adjective	fra
Colonna	properNoun	oci	Colonna	properNoun	fra
cocuròc	noun	oci	arum	noun	fra
Montiel	properNoun	oci	Montiel	properNoun	fra
Gréco	properNoun	oci	Gréco	properNoun	fra
omonime	adjective	oci	homonyme	adjective	fra
contestatari	noun	oci	contestataire	noun	fra
abstenir	verb	oci	abstenir	verb	fra
ferit	adjective	oci	blessé	adjective	fra
polip	noun	oci	polype	noun	fra
cardenal	noun	oci	cardinal	noun	fra
Pasteur	properNoun	oci	Pasteur	properNoun	fra
cingle	noun	oci	corniche	noun	fra
cingle	noun	oci	escarpement	noun	fra
recipròc	adjective	oci	réciproque	adjective	fra
denigrar	verb	oci	dénigrer	verb	fra
Miracle	properNoun	oci	Miracle	properNoun	fra
pila	noun	oci	pile	noun	fra
reïvindicacion	noun	oci	revendication	noun	fra
Yannick	properNoun	oci	Yannick	properNoun	fra
Gauron	properNoun	oci	Gauron	properNoun	fra
Bardolet	properNoun	oci	Bardolet	properNoun	fra
Perrier	properNoun	oci	Perrier	properNoun	fra
Ivet	properNoun	oci	Ivet	properNoun	fra
ruste	adjective	oci	rustre	adjective	fra
scenarista	noun	oci	scénariste	noun	fra
Pruna	properNoun	oci	Pruna	properNoun	fra
lutz	noun	oci	lumière	noun	fra
De Juana Chaos	properNoun	oci	De Juana Chaos	properNoun	fra
brilhantament	adverb	oci	brillamment	adverb	fra
tradicionalament	adverb	oci	traditionnellement	adverb	fra
Werner	properNoun	oci	Werner	properNoun	fra
Lawlor	properNoun	oci	Lawlor	properNoun	fra
von Trotta	properNoun	oci	von Trotta	properNoun	fra
Perdigón	properNoun	oci	Perdigón	properNoun	fra
Antigua e Barbuda	properNoun	oci	Antigua-et-Barbuda	properNoun	fra
sociopata	noun	oci	sociopathe	noun	fra
Mayordomo	properNoun	oci	Mayordomo	properNoun	fra
sompet	noun	oci	flaque	noun	fra
bacteria	noun	oci	bactérie	noun	fra
Zhang	properNoun	oci	Zhang	properNoun	fra
Derosa	properNoun	oci	Derosa	properNoun	fra
Hotte	properNoun	oci	Hotte	properNoun	fra
heired	adjective	oci	froid	adjective	fra
proa	noun	oci	proue	noun	fra
apercebre	verb	oci	apercevoir	verb	fra
Prudhomme	properNoun	oci	Prudhomme	properNoun	fra
dança	noun	oci	danse	noun	fra
Deluca	properNoun	oci	Deluca	properNoun	fra
crosat	adjective	oci	croisé	adjective	fra
glaciologia	noun	oci	glaciologie	noun	fra
collaborar	verb	oci	collaborer	verb	fra
Marsal	properNoun	oci	Marsal	properNoun	fra
mesquin	adjective	oci	mesquin	adjective	fra
Verd	properNoun	oci	Verd	properNoun	fra
Gautier	properNoun	oci	Gautier	properNoun	fra
per de dire de	preposition	oci	afin de	preposition	fra
Giscard d'Estaing	properNoun	oci	Giscard d'Estaing	properNoun	fra
filmotèca	noun	oci	filmothèque	noun	fra
quate	numeral	oci	quatre	numeral	fra
Boiteau	properNoun	oci	Boiteau	properNoun	fra
Hyde	properNoun	oci	Hyde	properNoun	fra
Winfrey	properNoun	oci	Winfrey	properNoun	fra
Tookalook	properNoun	oci	Tookalook	properNoun	fra
microbiologia	noun	oci	microbiologie	noun	fra
bava	noun	oci	bave	noun	fra
Genscher	properNoun	oci	Genscher	properNoun	fra
ovulacion	noun	oci	ovulation	noun	fra
palliar	verb	oci	pallier	verb	fra
imitator	noun	oci	imitateur	noun	fra
pugilat	noun	oci	pugilat	noun	fra
Duranleau	properNoun	oci	Duranleau	properNoun	fra
Bessel	properNoun	oci	Bessel	properNoun	fra
apocrif	adjective	oci	apocryphe	adjective	fra
Cúper	properNoun	oci	Cúper	properNoun	fra
prognat	adjective	oci	prognathe	adjective	fra
Routhier	properNoun	oci	Routhier	properNoun	fra
centralizator	adjective	oci	centralisateur	adjective	fra
rebala	noun	oci	traîneau	noun	fra
revenja	noun	oci	revanche	noun	fra
Windows Mobile	properNoun	oci	Windows Mobile	properNoun	fra
Sorensen	properNoun	oci	Sorensen	properNoun	fra
flotilha	noun	oci	flottille	noun	fra
Espinosa	properNoun	oci	Espinosa	properNoun	fra
musculatura	noun	oci	musculature	noun	fra
Satan	properNoun	oci	Satan	properNoun	fra
Manseau	properNoun	oci	Manseau	properNoun	fra
colindron	noun	oci	groseille	noun	fra
Trichet	properNoun	oci	Trichet	properNoun	fra
mora	noun	oci	mie	noun	fra
siròp	noun	oci	sirop	noun	fra
a partir del moment que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	à partir du moment où	subordinatingConjunction	fra
convocatòria	noun	oci	convocation	noun	fra
bòxa	noun	oci	boxe	noun	fra
Casanova	properNoun	oci	Casanova	properNoun	fra
resina	noun	oci	résine	noun	fra
Raso	properNoun	oci	Raso	properNoun	fra
Muir	properNoun	oci	Muir	properNoun	fra
polimerizacion	noun	oci	polymérisation	noun	fra
Sinn Féin	properNoun	oci	Sinn Féin	properNoun	fra
carbonic	adjective	oci	carbonique	adjective	fra
octòbre	noun	oci	octobre	noun	fra
lent	adjective	oci	lent	adjective	fra
Ròse-Alps	properNoun	oci	Rhône-Alpes	properNoun	fra
virilitat	noun	oci	virilité	noun	fra
excelléncia	noun	oci	excellence	noun	fra
Basora	properNoun	oci	Basora	properNoun	fra
Malvy	properNoun	oci	Malvy	properNoun	fra
pincèl	noun	oci	pinceau	noun	fra
Cowen	properNoun	oci	Cowen	properNoun	fra
Negró	properNoun	oci	Negró	properNoun	fra
Murphy	properNoun	oci	Murphy	properNoun	fra
responsa	noun	oci	réponse	noun	fra
umid	adjective	oci	humide	adjective	fra
frejament	adverb	oci	froidement	adverb	fra
Povill	properNoun	oci	Povill	properNoun	fra
feudalitat	noun	oci	féodalité	noun	fra
Robinho	properNoun	oci	Robinho	properNoun	fra
resquitar	verb	oci	éclabousser	verb	fra
desnutricion	noun	oci	dénutrition	noun	fra
Raza	properNoun	oci	Raza	properNoun	fra
Pedreño	properNoun	oci	Pedreño	properNoun	fra
abitatge	noun	oci	logement	noun	fra
travada	noun	oci	travée	noun	fra
Moner	properNoun	oci	Moner	properNoun	fra
April	properNoun	oci	April	properNoun	fra
Arrate	properNoun	oci	Arrate	properNoun	fra
Buisan	properNoun	oci	Buisan	properNoun	fra
Romera	properNoun	oci	Romera	properNoun	fra
Singlá	properNoun	oci	Singlá	properNoun	fra
aplicable	adjective	oci	applicable	adjective	fra
secada	noun	oci	sécheresse	noun	fra
Gittens	properNoun	oci	Gittens	properNoun	fra
Terradellas	properNoun	oci	Terradellas	properNoun	fra
Gentille	properNoun	oci	Gentille	properNoun	fra
Farag	properNoun	oci	Farag	properNoun	fra
graciosament	adverb	oci	gracieusement	adverb	fra
Gaudry	properNoun	oci	Gaudry	properNoun	fra
oficializacion	noun	oci	officialisation	noun	fra
trait	noun	oci	trait	noun	fra
Vandeputte	properNoun	oci	Vandeputte	properNoun	fra
Horrillo	properNoun	oci	Horrillo	properNoun	fra
perpetuitat	noun	oci	perpétuité	noun	fra
Sodan	properNoun	oci	Soudan	properNoun	fra
Navás	properNoun	oci	Navás	properNoun	fra
etnobiologista	noun	oci	ethnobiologiste	noun	fra
amputar	verb	oci	amputer	verb	fra
obstinar	verb	oci	obstiner	verb	fra
Willmott	properNoun	oci	Willmott	properNoun	fra
comandant	noun	oci	commandant	noun	fra
dextrogir	adjective	oci	dextrogyre	adjective	fra
Eto'o	properNoun	oci	Eto'o	properNoun	fra
Coude	properNoun	oci	Coude	properNoun	fra
laituga	noun	oci	laitue	noun	fra
Dicesare	properNoun	oci	Dicesare	properNoun	fra
rebastir	verb	oci	reconstruire	verb	fra
SG	noun	oci	SG	noun	fra
Béal Feirste	properNoun	oci	Belfast	properNoun	fra
Ocampo	properNoun	oci	Ocampo	properNoun	fra
continuós	adjective	oci	continuel	adjective	fra
maitin	noun	oci	matin	noun	fra
senegalés	noun	oci	Sénégalais	noun	fra
julian	adjective	oci	julien	adjective	fra
violament	noun	oci	viol	noun	fra
Baker	properNoun	oci	Baker	properNoun	fra
Águila	properNoun	oci	Águila	properNoun	fra
dòma	noun	oci	dôme	noun	fra
bola	noun	oci	boule	noun	fra
Francis	properNoun	oci	Francis	properNoun	fra
Valero	properNoun	oci	Valero	properNoun	fra
simpatia	noun	oci	sympathie	noun	fra
Altes	properNoun	oci	Altes	properNoun	fra
judiciós	adjective	oci	judicieux	adjective	fra
Olson	properNoun	oci	Olson	properNoun	fra
Saladié	properNoun	oci	Saladié	properNoun	fra
Vong	properNoun	oci	Vong	properNoun	fra
telefonic	adjective	oci	téléphonique	adjective	fra
Lazare	properNoun	oci	Lazare	properNoun	fra
Roh	properNoun	oci	Roh	properNoun	fra
inacabable	adjective	oci	interminable	adjective	fra
Catalá	properNoun	oci	Catalá	properNoun	fra
cadeneta	noun	oci	gourmette	noun	fra
escorpion	noun	oci	scorpion	noun	fra
seguit	adjective	oci	suivi	adjective	fra
urós	adjective	oci	heureux	adjective	fra
Terés	properNoun	oci	Terés	properNoun	fra
Sultan	properNoun	oci	Sultan	properNoun	fra
democratisme	noun	oci	démocratisme	noun	fra
Fariñas	properNoun	oci	Fariñas	properNoun	fra
Matei	properNoun	oci	Matei	properNoun	fra
portic	noun	oci	portique	noun	fra
rugbi	noun	oci	rugby	noun	fra
Pelletier	properNoun	oci	Pelletier	properNoun	fra
degustacion	noun	oci	dégustation	noun	fra
berbèr	noun	oci	berbère	noun	fra
batalha	noun	oci	bataille	noun	fra
arrendament	noun	oci	bail	noun	fra
Irma	properNoun	oci	Irma	properNoun	fra
docha	noun	oci	douche	noun	fra
Bernd	properNoun	oci	Bernd	properNoun	fra
de Juan	properNoun	oci	de Juan	properNoun	fra
ovari	noun	oci	ovaire	noun	fra
Minguillón	properNoun	oci	Minguillón	properNoun	fra
desvalorizar	verb	oci	dévaloriser	verb	fra
colina	noun	oci	colline	noun	fra
Thorpe	properNoun	oci	Thorpe	properNoun	fra
Dale	properNoun	oci	Dale	properNoun	fra
anglicanisme	noun	oci	anglicanisme	noun	fra
fifre	noun	oci	fifre	noun	fra
Welzer	properNoun	oci	Welzer	properNoun	fra
Moriana	properNoun	oci	Moriana	properNoun	fra
terrorista	noun	oci	terroriste	noun	fra
manlevar	verb	oci	emprunter	verb	fra
aufrir	verb	oci	offrir	verb	fra
Laul	properNoun	oci	Laul	properNoun	fra
Main	properNoun	oci	Main	properNoun	fra
Bollywood	properNoun	oci	Bollywood	properNoun	fra
Schramm	properNoun	oci	Schramm	properNoun	fra
Barbarossa	properNoun	oci	Barbarossa	properNoun	fra
mair	noun	oci	mère	noun	fra
malautós	adjective	oci	valétudinaire	adjective	fra
antiterrorista	noun	oci	antiterroriste	noun	fra
calcar	verb	oci	calquer	verb	fra
dessenhador	noun	oci	dessinateur	noun	fra
Boncompte	properNoun	oci	Boncompte	properNoun	fra
terriblament	adverb	oci	terriblement	adverb	fra
Kepler	properNoun	oci	Kepler	properNoun	fra
Tracey	properNoun	oci	Tracey	properNoun	fra
Dickson	properNoun	oci	Dickson	properNoun	fra
retractar	verb	oci	rétracter	verb	fra
Potrony	properNoun	oci	Potrony	properNoun	fra
campanal	noun	oci	clocher	noun	fra
milionen	adjective	oci	millionième	adjective	fra
vienés	noun	oci	Viennois	noun	fra
Mèrcia	properNoun	oci	Mercie	properNoun	fra
Rembrandt	properNoun	oci	Rembrandt	properNoun	fra
pitoresc	adjective	oci	pittoresque	adjective	fra
Woodworth	properNoun	oci	Woodworth	properNoun	fra
odiar	verb	oci	détester	verb	fra
Almansa	properNoun	oci	Almansa	properNoun	fra
amar	adjective	oci	amer	adjective	fra
Merisier	properNoun	oci	Merisier	properNoun	fra
Matutes	properNoun	oci	Matutes	properNoun	fra
captivar	verb	oci	captiver	verb	fra
dentat	adjective	oci	denté	adjective	fra
ossuari	noun	oci	ossuaire	noun	fra
balarina	noun	oci	ballerine	noun	fra
carabina	noun	oci	carabine	noun	fra
pom	noun	oci	pomme	noun	fra
documentacion	noun	oci	documentation	noun	fra
SSL	noun	oci	SSL	noun	fra
acidificacion	noun	oci	acidification	noun	fra
miòp	adjective	oci	myope	adjective	fra
forèst	noun	oci	forêt	noun	fra
grafisme	noun	oci	graphisme	noun	fra
meslèu	adverb	oci	plutôt	adverb	fra
mau	adverb	oci	mau	adverb	fra
Sampol Mas	properNoun	oci	Sampol Mas	properNoun	fra
trilogia	noun	oci	trilogie	noun	fra
Jospin	properNoun	oci	Jospin	properNoun	fra
Albacar	properNoun	oci	Albacar	properNoun	fra
platonisme	noun	oci	platonisme	noun	fra
fin	adverb	oci	fin	adverb	fra
omonim	adjective	oci	homonyme	adjective	fra
Beatrix	properNoun	oci	Beatrix	properNoun	fra
lusent	adjective	oci	luisant	adjective	fra
promontòri	noun	oci	promontoire	noun	fra
Fernet	properNoun	oci	Fernet	properNoun	fra
antigués	noun	oci	Antiguayen	noun	fra
Lahoz	properNoun	oci	Lahoz	properNoun	fra
lector	adjective	oci	lecteur	adjective	fra
evident	adjective	oci	évident	adjective	fra
brida	noun	oci	bride	noun	fra
valesan	adjective	oci	valaisan	adjective	fra
Lucinda	properNoun	oci	Lucinda	properNoun	fra
morositat	noun	oci	morosité	noun	fra
Lowe	properNoun	oci	Lowe	properNoun	fra
Rebeca	properNoun	oci	Rebeca	properNoun	fra
ipotèsi	noun	oci	hypothèse	noun	fra
portable	adjective	oci	portable	adjective	fra
Zubiaurre	properNoun	oci	Zubiaurre	properNoun	fra
exiliar	verb	oci	exiler	verb	fra
biomedecina	noun	oci	biomédecine	noun	fra
ferida	noun	oci	blessure	noun	fra
Cossette	properNoun	oci	Cossette	properNoun	fra
desgelar	verb	oci	dégeler	verb	fra
Omella	properNoun	oci	Omella	properNoun	fra
Navalon	properNoun	oci	Navalon	properNoun	fra
Marianne	properNoun	oci	Marianne	properNoun	fra
aeroportat	adjective	oci	aéroporté	adjective	fra
circuït	noun	oci	circuit	noun	fra
atlantisme	noun	oci	atlantisme	noun	fra
meteorit	noun	oci	météorite	noun	fra
fade	adjective	oci	mièvre	adjective	fra
Guixá	properNoun	oci	Guixá	properNoun	fra
epidèmia	noun	oci	épidémie	noun	fra
Suero	properNoun	oci	Suero	properNoun	fra
CAÒC	noun	oci	CAÒC	noun	fra
Rossi	properNoun	oci	Rossi	properNoun	fra
Baiget	properNoun	oci	Baiget	properNoun	fra
turcmèn	noun	oci	turkmène	noun	fra
rèc	noun	oci	goutte	noun	fra
algoritme	noun	oci	algorithme	noun	fra
Farinet	properNoun	oci	Farinet	properNoun	fra
desclassar	verb	oci	déclasser	verb	fra
Tallada	properNoun	oci	Tallada	properNoun	fra
Dempsey	properNoun	oci	Dempsey	properNoun	fra
Santarella	properNoun	oci	Santarella	properNoun	fra
Ucraïna	properNoun	oci	Ukraine	properNoun	fra
Fontcuberta	properNoun	oci	Fontcuberta	properNoun	fra
Naharro	properNoun	oci	Naharro	properNoun	fra
tapanàs	noun	oci	écharpe	noun	fra
etiologic	adjective	oci	étiologique	adjective	fra
Marselles	properNoun	oci	Marselles	properNoun	fra
càncer	noun	oci	cancer	noun	fra
compausar	verb	oci	composer	verb	fra
filatelista	noun	oci	philatéliste	noun	fra
cama	noun	oci	jambe	noun	fra
melon	noun	oci	melon	noun	fra
Bandai	properNoun	oci	Bandai	properNoun	fra
Figo	properNoun	oci	Figo	properNoun	fra
agonisar	verb	oci	agoniser	verb	fra
ventricul	noun	oci	ventricule	noun	fra
Gozzadini	properNoun	oci	Gozzadini	properNoun	fra
Corts	properNoun	oci	Corts	properNoun	fra
Ampleman	properNoun	oci	Ampleman	properNoun	fra
tradicionalisme	noun	oci	traditionalisme	noun	fra
Arbulu	properNoun	oci	Arbulu	properNoun	fra
Debian	properNoun	oci	Debian	properNoun	fra
52n	adjective	oci	52ème	adjective	fra
Tang	properNoun	oci	Tang	properNoun	fra
arbust	noun	oci	arbuste	noun	fra
Déchêne	properNoun	oci	Déchêne	properNoun	fra
Esteves	properNoun	oci	Esteves	properNoun	fra
Carly	properNoun	oci	Carly	properNoun	fra
obrèr	noun	oci	ouvrier	noun	fra
malgrat tot	adverb	oci	malgré tout	adverb	fra
ustra	noun	oci	huitre	noun	fra
ustra	noun	oci	huître	noun	fra
Bizier	properNoun	oci	Bizier	properNoun	fra
ilha	noun	oci	île	noun	fra
rescatar	verb	oci	sauver	verb	fra
romand	adjective	oci	romand	adjective	fra
analitica	noun	oci	analytique	noun	fra
patiment	noun	oci	souffrance	noun	fra
panorama	noun	oci	panorama	noun	fra
Rosso	properNoun	oci	Rosso	properNoun	fra
ebrèu	adjective	oci	hébreu	adjective	fra
Pescara	properNoun	oci	Pescara	properNoun	fra
biomolecula	noun	oci	biomolécule	noun	fra
solidificacion	noun	oci	solidification	noun	fra
Cartagena	properNoun	oci	Cartagena	properNoun	fra
assistent	noun	oci	assistant	noun	fra
Trull	properNoun	oci	Trull	properNoun	fra
evangelizacion	noun	oci	évangélisation	noun	fra
Bota	properNoun	oci	Bota	properNoun	fra
diegèsi	noun	oci	diégèse	noun	fra
Abran	properNoun	oci	Abran	properNoun	fra
Bayrou	properNoun	oci	Bayrou	properNoun	fra
niva	noun	oci	nuage	noun	fra
lista	noun	oci	liste	noun	fra
magasèm	noun	oci	magasin	noun	fra
magasèm	noun	oci	entrepôt	noun	fra
sheisau	adjective	oci	sixième	adjective	fra
escudièr	noun	oci	écuyer	noun	fra
jornal	noun	oci	journal	noun	fra
Edda	properNoun	oci	Edda	properNoun	fra
Carolina del Nòrd	properNoun	oci	Caroline du Nord	properNoun	fra
islamisme	noun	oci	islamisme	noun	fra
Verge	properNoun	oci	Vierge	properNoun	fra
Verge	properNoun	oci	Verge	properNoun	fra
monotonia	noun	oci	monotonie	noun	fra
Thackeray	properNoun	oci	Thackeray	properNoun	fra
aigror	noun	oci	aigreur	noun	fra
prodig	adjective	oci	prodigue	adjective	fra
galèra	noun	oci	galère	noun	fra
Kitchen	properNoun	oci	Kitchen	properNoun	fra
comportar	verb	oci	comporter	verb	fra
Puigdemont	properNoun	oci	Puigdemont	properNoun	fra
pianista	noun	oci	pianiste	noun	fra
Bassons	properNoun	oci	Bassons	properNoun	fra
Giraldeau	properNoun	oci	Giraldeau	properNoun	fra
ochanta dos	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-deux	numeral	fra
Marques	properNoun	oci	Marques	properNoun	fra
figurable	adjective	oci	figurable	adjective	fra
animador	noun	oci	animateur	noun	fra
Epstein	properNoun	oci	Epstein	properNoun	fra
aibre	noun	oci	arbre	noun	fra
Leca	properNoun	oci	Leca	properNoun	fra
Resources	properNoun	oci	Resources	properNoun	fra
Lizartza	properNoun	oci	Lizartza	properNoun	fra
Vilaginés	properNoun	oci	Vilaginés	properNoun	fra
Zaria	properNoun	oci	Zaria	properNoun	fra
Cleries i Gonzàlez	properNoun	oci	Cleries i Gonzàlez	properNoun	fra
panamenc	noun	oci	Panaméen	noun	fra
verificacion	noun	oci	vérification	noun	fra
servidor	noun	oci	serviteur	noun	fra
servidor	noun	oci	serveur	noun	fra
fenial	noun	oci	fenil	noun	fra
zoologia	noun	oci	zoologie	noun	fra
catodic	adjective	oci	cathodique	adjective	fra
completament	noun	oci	complètement	noun	fra
Susana	properNoun	oci	Susana	properNoun	fra
Susana	properNoun	oci	Suzanne	properNoun	fra
Papineau	properNoun	oci	Papineau	properNoun	fra
agusat	adjective	oci	aiguisé	adjective	fra
Magriñá	properNoun	oci	Magriñá	properNoun	fra
Catena	properNoun	oci	Catena	properNoun	fra
dimitir	verb	oci	démissionner	verb	fra
etrusque	adjective	oci	étrusque	adjective	fra
verset	noun	oci	verset	noun	fra
Espinalt	properNoun	oci	Espinalt	properNoun	fra
leopard	noun	oci	léopard	noun	fra
exterior	adjective	oci	extérieur	adjective	fra
doana	noun	oci	douane	noun	fra
Blaquière	properNoun	oci	Blaquière	properNoun	fra
domestic	noun	oci	domestique	noun	fra
innovador	adjective	oci	innovateur	adjective	fra
Vézina	properNoun	oci	Vézina	properNoun	fra
menu	noun	oci	menu	noun	fra
oranjada	noun	oci	oronge	noun	fra
desanat	adjective	oci	délabré	adjective	fra
consí	interrogativePronoun	oci	comment	interrogativePronoun	fra
consí	interrogativePronoun	oci	comment	adverb	fra
consí	adverb	oci	comment	interrogativePronoun	fra
consí	adverb	oci	comment	adverb	fra
Grabulosa	properNoun	oci	Grabulosa	properNoun	fra
lotjar	verb	oci	loger	verb	fra
Movistar	properNoun	oci	Movistar	properNoun	fra
Mann	properNoun	oci	Mann	properNoun	fra
Aprile	properNoun	oci	Aprile	properNoun	fra
Cauvier	properNoun	oci	Cauvier	properNoun	fra
malonèst	adjective	oci	malhonnête	adjective	fra
Lisette	properNoun	oci	Lisette	properNoun	fra
verdaula	noun	oci	verdier	noun	fra
carlamusa	noun	oci	musette	noun	fra
Angela	properNoun	oci	Angela	properNoun	fra
secar	verb	oci	sécher	verb	fra
manòbra	noun	oci	manœuvre	noun	fra
Jacob	properNoun	oci	Jacob	properNoun	fra
von Hayek	properNoun	oci	von Hayek	properNoun	fra
mastèr	noun	oci	master	noun	fra
en escarlimpant	adverb	oci	obliquement	adverb	fra
emperaire	noun	oci	empereur	noun	fra
Moles	properNoun	oci	Moles	properNoun	fra
urgent	adjective	oci	urgent	adjective	fra
Biron	properNoun	oci	Biron	properNoun	fra
Peir	properNoun	oci	Peir	properNoun	fra
Vegara	properNoun	oci	Vegara	properNoun	fra
exon	noun	oci	exon	noun	fra
institut	noun	oci	institut	noun	fra
Occitania	properNoun	oci	Occitanie	properNoun	fra
Giummarra	properNoun	oci	Giummarra	properNoun	fra
Corsega del Sud	properNoun	oci	Corse-du-Sud	properNoun	fra
lobet	noun	oci	louveteau	noun	fra
centenat	noun	oci	centaine	noun	fra
tèisher	verb	oci	tisser	verb	fra
Pedrós	properNoun	oci	Pedrós	properNoun	fra
Latraverse	properNoun	oci	Latraverse	properNoun	fra
acromatisme	noun	oci	achromatisme	noun	fra
devocion	noun	oci	dévotion	noun	fra
Singh	properNoun	oci	Singh	properNoun	fra
supausadament	adverb	oci	supposément	adverb	fra
transplantar	verb	oci	transplanter	verb	fra
colonizar	verb	oci	coloniser	verb	fra
agrologia	noun	oci	agrologie	noun	fra
artilhariá	noun	oci	artillerie	noun	fra
dètz-e-uèch	numeral	oci	dix-huit	numeral	fra
Arroyo	properNoun	oci	Arroyo	properNoun	fra
Britney Spears	properNoun	oci	Britney Spears	properNoun	fra
Andreo	properNoun	oci	Andreo	properNoun	fra
von Weineck	properNoun	oci	von Weineck	properNoun	fra
Conchita	properNoun	oci	Conchita	properNoun	fra
pubertat	noun	oci	puberté	noun	fra
Peralbo	properNoun	oci	Peralbo	properNoun	fra
Whelan	properNoun	oci	Whelan	properNoun	fra
von Trautson	properNoun	oci	von Trautson	properNoun	fra
colonizator	adjective	oci	colonisateur	adjective	fra
consultable	adjective	oci	consultable	adjective	fra
dubèrt	adjective	oci	ouvert	adjective	fra
McKeown	properNoun	oci	McKeown	properNoun	fra
Bañeres	properNoun	oci	Bañeres	properNoun	fra
publicitari	adjective	oci	publicitaire	adjective	fra
determinista	noun	oci	déterministe	noun	fra
estratosfera	noun	oci	stratosphère	noun	fra
burèu	noun	oci	bureau	noun	fra
burèu	noun	oci	office	noun	fra
liberar	verb	oci	libérer	verb	fra
Humbert	properNoun	oci	Humbert	properNoun	fra
edicion	noun	oci	édition	noun	fra
Souhait	properNoun	oci	Souhait	properNoun	fra
dètz e seten	adjective	oci	dix-septième	adjective	fra
leucemia	noun	oci	leucémie	noun	fra
discretament	adverb	oci	discrètement	adverb	fra
Vaugeois	properNoun	oci	Vaugeois	properNoun	fra
subreviure	verb	oci	survivre	verb	fra
carrèu	noun	oci	carreau	noun	fra
Sini	properNoun	oci	Sini	properNoun	fra
credibilizar	verb	oci	crédibiliser	verb	fra
Corpas	properNoun	oci	Corpas	properNoun	fra
rafla	noun	oci	rafle	noun	fra
visualizar	verb	oci	visualiser	verb	fra
Cocco	properNoun	oci	Cocco	properNoun	fra
Godin	properNoun	oci	Godin	properNoun	fra
Gerinlajoie	properNoun	oci	Gerinlajoie	properNoun	fra
Crouch	properNoun	oci	Crouch	properNoun	fra
agror	noun	oci	aigreur	noun	fra
neologisme	noun	oci	néologisme	noun	fra
posicionament	noun	oci	positionnement	noun	fra
sèir	verb	oci	asseoir	verb	fra
Goneau	properNoun	oci	Goneau	properNoun	fra
recapitalizar	verb	oci	recapitaliser	verb	fra
zoologic	adjective	oci	zoologique	adjective	fra
reduccion	noun	oci	réduction	noun	fra
Carreira	properNoun	oci	Carreira	properNoun	fra
telepatic	adjective	oci	télépathique	adjective	fra
Ardecha	properNoun	oci	Ardèche	properNoun	fra
reconstruir	verb	oci	reconstruire	verb	fra
Olaberria	properNoun	oci	Olaberria	properNoun	fra
Barreras	properNoun	oci	Barreras	properNoun	fra
Alvear	properNoun	oci	Alvear	properNoun	fra
persuadir	verb	oci	persuader	verb	fra
desvolupament	noun	oci	développement	noun	fra
Huxley	properNoun	oci	Huxley	properNoun	fra
tardivament	adverb	oci	tardivement	adverb	fra
patent	adjective	oci	patent	adjective	fra
Morio	properNoun	oci	Morio	properNoun	fra
Jesús	properNoun	oci	Jesús	properNoun	fra
Sawyer	properNoun	oci	Sawyer	properNoun	fra
laxatiu	noun	oci	laxatif	noun	fra
ambaishador	noun	oci	ambassadeur	noun	fra
Brouwer	properNoun	oci	Brouwer	properNoun	fra
tematic	adjective	oci	thématique	adjective	fra
Audet	properNoun	oci	Audet	properNoun	fra
venerar	verb	oci	vénérer	verb	fra
Hornero	properNoun	oci	Hornero	properNoun	fra
Benford	properNoun	oci	Benford	properNoun	fra
malgrat	adverb	oci	nonobstant	adverb	fra
papista	noun	oci	papiste	noun	fra
excavacion	noun	oci	excavation	noun	fra
antropoïde	adjective	oci	anthropoïde	adjective	fra
fertilizacion	noun	oci	fertilisation	noun	fra
Barsus	properNoun	oci	Barsus	properNoun	fra
Montmagny	properNoun	oci	Montmagny	properNoun	fra
conspiracion	noun	oci	conspiration	noun	fra
nòrd	noun	oci	nord	noun	fra
corrèu	noun	oci	courrier	noun	fra
beure	verb	oci	boire	verb	fra
Webster	properNoun	oci	Webster	properNoun	fra
Deraiche	properNoun	oci	Deraiche	properNoun	fra
formalitat	noun	oci	formalité	noun	fra
suèja	noun	oci	suie	noun	fra
Noel	properNoun	oci	Noel	properNoun	fra
Nintendo 3D	properNoun	oci	Nintendo 3DS	properNoun	fra
desbordament	noun	oci	débordement	noun	fra
categoricament	adverb	oci	catégoriquement	adverb	fra
sèt	numeral	oci	sept	numeral	fra
Bélanger	properNoun	oci	Bélanger	properNoun	fra
gra	noun	oci	degré	noun	fra
von Karajan	properNoun	oci	von Karajan	properNoun	fra
Bellido	properNoun	oci	Bellido	properNoun	fra
Apaolaza	properNoun	oci	Apaolaza	properNoun	fra
jubilèu	noun	oci	jubilé	noun	fra
fantasiá	noun	oci	fantaisie	noun	fra
comparucion	noun	oci	comparution	noun	fra
Samper	properNoun	oci	Samper	properNoun	fra
equivalent	noun	oci	équivalent	noun	fra
mairina	noun	oci	marraine	noun	fra
caire	noun	oci	recoin	noun	fra
caire	noun	oci	coin	noun	fra
Lallemand	properNoun	oci	Lallemand	properNoun	fra
Myriam	properNoun	oci	Myriam	properNoun	fra
fumat	adjective	oci	fumé	adjective	fra
finèstra	noun	oci	fenêtre	noun	fra
antidepressor	adjective	oci	antidépresseur	adjective	fra
adjudicatari	noun	oci	adjudicataire	noun	fra
capitalisme	noun	oci	capitalisme	noun	fra
Armenteros	properNoun	oci	Armenteros	properNoun	fra
recensament	noun	oci	recensement	noun	fra
apòrt	noun	oci	apport	noun	fra
rendement	noun	oci	rendement	noun	fra
Barnés	properNoun	oci	Barnés	properNoun	fra
placebo	noun	oci	placebo	noun	fra
Michigan	properNoun	oci	Michigan	properNoun	fra
Millier	properNoun	oci	Millier	properNoun	fra
Valdés	properNoun	oci	Valdés	properNoun	fra
empedir	verb	oci	empêcher	verb	fra
vinagrós	adjective	oci	vinaigreux	adjective	fra
frairièira	noun	oci	fratrie	noun	fra
albedo	noun	oci	albédo	noun	fra
gratis	adverb	oci	gratis	adverb	fra
beleg	noun	oci	éclair	noun	fra
Hernáiz	properNoun	oci	Hernáiz	properNoun	fra
reduplicacion	noun	oci	réduplication	noun	fra
lisar	verb	oci	glisser	verb	fra
Lemieux	properNoun	oci	Lemieux	properNoun	fra
morduda	noun	oci	morsure	noun	fra
napoleonian	adjective	oci	napoléonien	adjective	fra
Selena	properNoun	oci	Selena	properNoun	fra
Superman	properNoun	oci	Superman	properNoun	fra
Kenuajuak	properNoun	oci	Kenuajuak	properNoun	fra
importacion	noun	oci	importation	noun	fra
Moçambic	properNoun	oci	Mozambique	properNoun	fra
Cea	properNoun	oci	Cea	properNoun	fra
Battisti	properNoun	oci	Battisti	properNoun	fra
absidiòla	noun	oci	absidiole	noun	fra
continu	adjective	oci	continu	adjective	fra
Redondo	properNoun	oci	Redondo	properNoun	fra
cocut	adjective	oci	cocu	adjective	fra
Veintimilla	properNoun	oci	Veintimilla	properNoun	fra
venda	noun	oci	vente	noun	fra
Loreto	properNoun	oci	Loreto	properNoun	fra
civil	adjective	oci	civil	adjective	fra
descargar	verb	oci	télécharger	verb	fra
descargar	verb	oci	décharger	verb	fra
tacit	adjective	oci	tacite	adjective	fra
envejable	adjective	oci	enviable	adjective	fra
polòni	noun	oci	polonium	noun	fra
Arona	properNoun	oci	Arona	properNoun	fra
acumulador	adjective	oci	accumulateur	adjective	fra
Weinberg	properNoun	oci	Weinberg	properNoun	fra
incorrècte	adjective	oci	incorrect	adjective	fra
exclamacion	noun	oci	exclamation	noun	fra
Vilaró	properNoun	oci	Vilaró	properNoun	fra
Albors	properNoun	oci	Albors	properNoun	fra
rap	noun	oci	rap	noun	fra
milician	noun	oci	milicien	noun	fra
erosament	adverb	oci	heureusement	adverb	fra
incontrarotlat	adjective	oci	incontrôlé	adjective	fra
reclassament	noun	oci	reclassement	noun	fra
agredir	verb	oci	agresser	verb	fra
Palenzuela	properNoun	oci	Palenzuela	properNoun	fra
Fatah	properNoun	oci	Fatah	properNoun	fra
secular	adjective	oci	séculaire	adjective	fra
protestantisme	noun	oci	protestantisme	noun	fra
noblesa	noun	oci	noblesse	noun	fra
Eid	properNoun	oci	Eid	properNoun	fra
en sens contra	adverb	oci	au contraire	adverb	fra
meteorologia	noun	oci	météorologie	noun	fra
Malawi	properNoun	oci	Malawi	properNoun	fra
Claros	properNoun	oci	Claros	properNoun	fra
endrech	noun	oci	endroit	noun	fra
estabilitat	noun	oci	stabilité	noun	fra
endemic	adjective	oci	endémique	adjective	fra
posologia	noun	oci	posologie	noun	fra
cridada	noun	oci	criée	noun	fra
Rourke	properNoun	oci	Rourke	properNoun	fra
gendre	noun	oci	gendre	noun	fra
Lirio	properNoun	oci	Lirio	properNoun	fra
acréisser	verb	oci	accroître	verb	fra
Natalia	properNoun	oci	Natalia	properNoun	fra
darwinista	noun	oci	darwiniste	noun	fra
parlamentarisme	noun	oci	parlementarisme	noun	fra
recapturar	verb	oci	recapturer	verb	fra
exortacion	noun	oci	exhortation	noun	fra
Aimar	properNoun	oci	Aimar	properNoun	fra
pataud	adjective	oci	maladroit	adjective	fra
Pisani	properNoun	oci	Pisani	properNoun	fra
florason	noun	oci	floraison	noun	fra
diplomacia	noun	oci	diplomatie	noun	fra
Ortiz	properNoun	oci	Ortiz	properNoun	fra
antartic	adjective	oci	antarctique	adjective	fra
Zhivago	properNoun	oci	Jivago	properNoun	fra
garrafa	noun	oci	carafe	noun	fra
Vittoria	properNoun	oci	Vittoria	properNoun	fra
fòrça	noun	oci	force	noun	fra
Gaona	properNoun	oci	Gaona	properNoun	fra
Enel	properNoun	oci	Enel	properNoun	fra
Coombs	properNoun	oci	Coombs	properNoun	fra
afluir	verb	oci	affluer	verb	fra
galaupar	verb	oci	galoper	verb	fra
Fitor	properNoun	oci	Fitor	properNoun	fra
guanhador	adjective	oci	gagnant	adjective	fra
anèl	noun	oci	anneau	noun	fra
anèl	noun	oci	boucle	noun	fra
Calhoun	properNoun	oci	Calhoun	properNoun	fra
calm	adjective	oci	calme	adjective	fra
tuberculós	adjective	oci	tuberculeux	adjective	fra
biòta	noun	oci	biote	noun	fra
Dot	properNoun	oci	Dot	properNoun	fra
es a dire	adverb	oci	c'est-à-dire	adverb	fra
Guinovart	properNoun	oci	Guinovart	properNoun	fra
ièna	noun	oci	hyène	noun	fra
anglofilia	noun	oci	anglophilie	noun	fra
Hyppolite	properNoun	oci	Hyppolite	properNoun	fra
fèrmament	adverb	oci	fermement	adverb	fra
pensaire	adjective	oci	penseur	adjective	fra
Cheney	properNoun	oci	Cheney	properNoun	fra
Lacasaña	properNoun	oci	Lacasaña	properNoun	fra
Urkullu	properNoun	oci	Urkullu	properNoun	fra
filosoficament	adverb	oci	philosophiquement	adverb	fra
Guetta	properNoun	oci	Guetta	properNoun	fra
Truffaut	properNoun	oci	Truffaut	properNoun	fra
dever	noun	oci	devoir	noun	fra
mercandejatge	noun	oci	marchandage	noun	fra
Viel	properNoun	oci	Viel	properNoun	fra
Marcaurèle	properNoun	oci	Marcaurèle	properNoun	fra
Pan	properNoun	oci	Pan	properNoun	fra
Quito	properNoun	oci	Quito	properNoun	fra
Piñar	properNoun	oci	Piñar	properNoun	fra
limit	noun	oci	limite	noun	fra
acidic	adjective	oci	acidique	adjective	fra
Buxó	properNoun	oci	Buxó	properNoun	fra
Cody	properNoun	oci	Cody	properNoun	fra
detestable	adjective	oci	détestable	adjective	fra
conjunt	noun	oci	conjoint	noun	fra
tartana	noun	oci	buse	noun	fra
Christoph	properNoun	oci	Christoph	properNoun	fra
exibicionisme	noun	oci	exhibitionnisme	noun	fra
quin que siá	adjective	oci	quelconque	adjective	fra
informar	verb	oci	informer	verb	fra
Arredondo	properNoun	oci	Arredondo	properNoun	fra
Tiffany	properNoun	oci	Tiffany	properNoun	fra
Gaza	properNoun	oci	Gaza	properNoun	fra
cèc	noun	oci	aveugle	noun	fra
accessòri	adjective	oci	accessoire	adjective	fra
Monfette	properNoun	oci	Monfette	properNoun	fra
Arvèi	properNoun	oci	Arvèi	properNoun	fra
Sanjuán	properNoun	oci	Sanjuán	properNoun	fra
simptomatologia	noun	oci	symptomatologie	noun	fra
Victoire	properNoun	oci	Victoire	properNoun	fra
Tong	properNoun	oci	Tong	properNoun	fra
escoba	noun	oci	balai	noun	fra
ofensa	noun	oci	offense	noun	fra
entà per'mor de	preposition	oci	pour	preposition	fra
contenir	verb	oci	contenir	verb	fra
Hancock	properNoun	oci	Hancock	properNoun	fra
Roca	properNoun	oci	Roca	properNoun	fra
laïcitat	noun	oci	laïcité	noun	fra
Bélec	properNoun	oci	Bélec	properNoun	fra
Arguin	properNoun	oci	Arguin	properNoun	fra
cerièira	noun	oci	cerise	noun	fra
Faja	properNoun	oci	Faja	properNoun	fra
Futuna	properNoun	oci	Futuna	properNoun	fra
Arcarons	properNoun	oci	Arcarons	properNoun	fra
electromagnetisme	noun	oci	électromagnétisme	noun	fra
Gibartar	properNoun	oci	Gibraltar	properNoun	fra
inexcusable	adjective	oci	inexcusable	adjective	fra
e mai	adverb	oci	même	adverb	fra
Beaulé	properNoun	oci	Beaulé	properNoun	fra
cosmopolitisme	noun	oci	cosmopolitisme	noun	fra
Labine	properNoun	oci	Labine	properNoun	fra
von Hagen	properNoun	oci	von Hagen	properNoun	fra
Gygax	properNoun	oci	Gygax	properNoun	fra
alat	adjective	oci	ailé	adjective	fra
nomenat	adjective	oci	nommé	adjective	fra
Florido	properNoun	oci	Florido	properNoun	fra
Poitras	properNoun	oci	Poitras	properNoun	fra
Escrihuela	properNoun	oci	Escrihuela	properNoun	fra
Cabases	properNoun	oci	Cabases	properNoun	fra
Roure	properNoun	oci	Roure	properNoun	fra
Fisher	properNoun	oci	Fisher	properNoun	fra
Julve	properNoun	oci	Julve	properNoun	fra
Benesech	properNoun	oci	Benesech	properNoun	fra
tendau	noun	oci	auvent	noun	fra
Sarkozy	properNoun	oci	Sarkozy	properNoun	fra
Furlotte	properNoun	oci	Furlotte	properNoun	fra
messianic	adjective	oci	messianique	adjective	fra
velhada	noun	oci	veillée	noun	fra
pèterrós	noun	oci	rustre	noun	fra
tolerant	adjective	oci	tolérant	adjective	fra
The Guardian	properNoun	oci	The Guardian	properNoun	fra
Murray	properNoun	oci	Murray	properNoun	fra
argumentacion	noun	oci	argumentation	noun	fra
mamèla	noun	oci	mamelle	noun	fra
caducitat	noun	oci	caducité	noun	fra
improvisacion	noun	oci	improvisation	noun	fra
Mile	properNoun	oci	Mile	properNoun	fra
umanizar	verb	oci	humaniser	verb	fra
Tesla	properNoun	oci	Tesla	properNoun	fra
Escipió	properNoun	oci	Escipió	properNoun	fra
Roqué	properNoun	oci	Roqué	properNoun	fra
Dachs	properNoun	oci	Dachs	properNoun	fra
margarida	noun	oci	marguerite	noun	fra
Arcadi	properNoun	oci	Arcadi	properNoun	fra
Galván	properNoun	oci	Galván	properNoun	fra
granolha	noun	oci	grenouille	noun	fra
tantossada	noun	oci	après-midi	noun	fra
Laplaine	properNoun	oci	Laplaine	properNoun	fra
quèc	adjective	oci	bègue	adjective	fra
sota l'efècte de	preposition	oci	sous l'effet de	preposition	fra
micro	noun	oci	micro	noun	fra
Chuliá	properNoun	oci	Chuliá	properNoun	fra
Berta	properNoun	oci	Berta	properNoun	fra
Romanov	properNoun	oci	Romanov	properNoun	fra
improductiu	adjective	oci	improductif	adjective	fra
Riefenstahl	properNoun	oci	Riefenstahl	properNoun	fra
escobatge	noun	oci	balayage	noun	fra
analista	adjective	oci	analyste	adjective	fra
reobrir	verb	oci	rouvrir	verb	fra
Buján	properNoun	oci	Buján	properNoun	fra
Noël	properNoun	oci	Noël	properNoun	fra
Llopis	properNoun	oci	Llopis	properNoun	fra
Sheldon	properNoun	oci	Sheldon	properNoun	fra
bronzinaire	adjective	oci	bourdonnant	adjective	fra
Camprubí	properNoun	oci	Camprubí	properNoun	fra
Silvestri	properNoun	oci	Silvestri	properNoun	fra
Iles	properNoun	oci	Iles	properNoun	fra
Ceilan	properNoun	oci	Ceylan	properNoun	fra
Cyrus	properNoun	oci	Cyrus	properNoun	fra
cast	adjective	oci	chaste	adjective	fra
Karen	properNoun	oci	Karen	properNoun	fra
Desfossés	properNoun	oci	Desfossés	properNoun	fra
Astasio	properNoun	oci	Astasio	properNoun	fra
arbitratge	noun	oci	arbitrage	noun	fra
petrografic	adjective	oci	pétrographique	adjective	fra
Taule	properNoun	oci	Taule	properNoun	fra
intelligent	adjective	oci	intelligent	adjective	fra
Centorrino	properNoun	oci	Centorrino	properNoun	fra
ocurréncia	noun	oci	occurrence	noun	fra
creta	noun	oci	cicatrice	noun	fra
uechanta nòu	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-neuf	numeral	fra
Rachel	properNoun	oci	Rachel	properNoun	fra
apassionant	adjective	oci	passionnant	adjective	fra
Mahler	properNoun	oci	Mahler	properNoun	fra
tigre	noun	oci	tigre	noun	fra
al luòc de	preposition	oci	au lieu de	preposition	fra
disminuit	adjective	oci	diminué	adjective	fra
Liébana	properNoun	oci	Liébana	properNoun	fra
reintrodusir	verb	oci	réintroduire	verb	fra
Lexus	properNoun	oci	Lexus	properNoun	fra
parlament	noun	oci	parlement	noun	fra
remercar	verb	oci	remarquer	verb	fra
perilhosament	adverb	oci	dangereusement	adverb	fra
Justinian	properNoun	oci	Justinien	properNoun	fra
von Brauchitsch	properNoun	oci	von Brauchitsch	properNoun	fra
Schoenberg	properNoun	oci	Schoenberg	properNoun	fra
otèl	noun	oci	hôtel	noun	fra
Brahe	properNoun	oci	Brahe	properNoun	fra
Tuamotu	properNoun	oci	Tuamotu	properNoun	fra
Tubert	properNoun	oci	Tubert	properNoun	fra
leiautat	noun	oci	loyauté	noun	fra
modic	adjective	oci	modique	adjective	fra
Mellor	properNoun	oci	Mellor	properNoun	fra
Malka	properNoun	oci	Malka	properNoun	fra
gent	noun	oci	gens	noun	fra
Nehme	properNoun	oci	Nehme	properNoun	fra
admission	noun	oci	admission	noun	fra
depressiu	adjective	oci	dépressif	adjective	fra
subjugar	verb	oci	subjuguer	verb	fra
reialtat	noun	oci	royauté	noun	fra
escoliòsi	noun	oci	scoliose	noun	fra
Metcalfe	properNoun	oci	Metcalfe	properNoun	fra
diftong	noun	oci	diphtongue	noun	fra
ipersonic	adjective	oci	hypersonique	adjective	fra
Certal	properNoun	oci	Certal	properNoun	fra
nòrd-corean	adjective	oci	nord-coréen	adjective	fra
Vilagrán	properNoun	oci	Vilagrán	properNoun	fra
Escudero	properNoun	oci	Escudero	properNoun	fra
emplegaire	noun	oci	employeur	noun	fra
relativizar	verb	oci	relativiser	verb	fra
ostentatòri	adjective	oci	ostentatoire	adjective	fra
Pulvirenti	properNoun	oci	Pulvirenti	properNoun	fra
PlayStation 3	properNoun	oci	PlayStation 3	properNoun	fra
enfangar	verb	oci	embourber	verb	fra
valetudinari	noun	oci	valétudinaire	noun	fra
fibra	noun	oci	fibre	noun	fra
peniténcia	noun	oci	pénitence	noun	fra
antiseptic	adjective	oci	antiseptique	adjective	fra
Habib	properNoun	oci	Habib	properNoun	fra
Potaña	properNoun	oci	Potaña	properNoun	fra
Moyano	properNoun	oci	Moyano	properNoun	fra
empirisme	noun	oci	empirisme	noun	fra
fluïd	noun	oci	fluide	noun	fra
Sciortino	properNoun	oci	Sciortino	properNoun	fra
extrusion	noun	oci	extrusion	noun	fra
exilhar	verb	oci	exiler	verb	fra
atèu	noun	oci	athée	noun	fra
pedala	noun	oci	pédale	noun	fra
termoalin	adjective	oci	thermohalin	adjective	fra
Milian	properNoun	oci	Milian	properNoun	fra
mistral	noun	oci	mistral	noun	fra
Buira	properNoun	oci	Buira	properNoun	fra
colleccionisme	noun	oci	collectionnisme	noun	fra
Peretz	properNoun	oci	Peretz	properNoun	fra
Hopkins	properNoun	oci	Hopkins	properNoun	fra
Diez	properNoun	oci	Diez	properNoun	fra
equatoguinean	noun	oci	Équatoguinéen	noun	fra
malversacion	noun	oci	malversation	noun	fra
trenten	adjective	oci	trentième	adjective	fra
fitosociologia	noun	oci	phytosociologie	noun	fra
Vincelette	properNoun	oci	Vincelette	properNoun	fra
Corchado	properNoun	oci	Corchado	properNoun	fra
Lucy	properNoun	oci	Lucy	properNoun	fra
plantar	verb	oci	planter	verb	fra
Creus	properNoun	oci	Creus	properNoun	fra
barramenta	noun	oci	barrière	noun	fra
Thatcher	properNoun	oci	Thatcher	properNoun	fra
Gilberto	properNoun	oci	Gilberto	properNoun	fra
lombar	adjective	oci	lombaire	adjective	fra
Tintoré	properNoun	oci	Tintoré	properNoun	fra
91n	adjective	oci	91ème	adjective	fra
caufatge	noun	oci	chauffage	noun	fra
montada	noun	oci	montée	noun	fra
singaporian	noun	oci	Singapourien	noun	fra
neuritud	noun	oci	nourriture	noun	fra
pagable	adjective	oci	payable	adjective	fra
egida	noun	oci	égide	noun	fra
assegurat	adjective	oci	assuré	adjective	fra
Strindberg	properNoun	oci	Strindberg	properNoun	fra
segond	adjective	oci	deuxième	adjective	fra
segond	adjective	oci	second	adjective	fra
somptuós	adjective	oci	somptueux	adjective	fra
Galilèa	properNoun	oci	Galilée	properNoun	fra
Bonamusa	properNoun	oci	Bonamusa	properNoun	fra
reumatic	noun	oci	rhumatisant	noun	fra
Gamir	properNoun	oci	Gamir	properNoun	fra
Sant Pèire e Miquelon	properNoun	oci	Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon	properNoun	fra
ontologia	noun	oci	ontologie	noun	fra
Schumacher	properNoun	oci	Schumacher	properNoun	fra
cocorla	noun	oci	champignon	noun	fra
idroelectric	adjective	oci	hydroélectrique	adjective	fra
remuneracion	noun	oci	rémunération	noun	fra
ressentida	noun	oci	rancune	noun	fra
Mascarell i Canalda	properNoun	oci	Mascarell i Canalda	properNoun	fra
Lauriault	properNoun	oci	Lauriault	properNoun	fra
Dreamcast	properNoun	oci	Dreamcast	properNoun	fra
adult	noun	oci	adulte	noun	fra
esfaçar	verb	oci	effacer	verb	fra
Guti	properNoun	oci	Guti	properNoun	fra
econòm	adjective	oci	économe	adjective	fra
cessar	verb	oci	cesser	verb	fra
Antonio	properNoun	oci	Antonio	properNoun	fra
espelta	noun	oci	épeautre	noun	fra
Quenneville	properNoun	oci	Quenneville	properNoun	fra
remandament	noun	oci	renvoi	noun	fra
renovelament	noun	oci	renouveau	noun	fra
Eurovision	properNoun	oci	Eurovision	properNoun	fra
Woodcock	properNoun	oci	Woodcock	properNoun	fra
salmon	adjective	oci	saumon	adjective	fra
expectativa	noun	oci	expectative	noun	fra
Pauline	properNoun	oci	Pauline	properNoun	fra
euro	noun	oci	euro	noun	fra
Peugeot	properNoun	oci	Peugeot	properNoun	fra
Bud	properNoun	oci	Bud	properNoun	fra
trilingüe	noun	oci	trilingue	noun	fra
francés	noun	oci	français	noun	fra
Pleguezuelos	properNoun	oci	Pleguezuelos	properNoun	fra
Trillo	properNoun	oci	Trillo	properNoun	fra
Healey	properNoun	oci	Healey	properNoun	fra
Arbic	properNoun	oci	Arbic	properNoun	fra
Cartwright	properNoun	oci	Cartwright	properNoun	fra
Peterson	properNoun	oci	Peterson	properNoun	fra
escantir	verb	oci	éteindre	verb	fra
Jawara	properNoun	oci	Jawara	properNoun	fra
flac	adjective	oci	faible	adjective	fra
preferencialament	adverb	oci	préférentiellement	adverb	fra
vestiari	noun	oci	vestiaire	noun	fra
Rabaneda	properNoun	oci	Rabaneda	properNoun	fra
Hansen	properNoun	oci	Hansen	properNoun	fra
situar	verb	oci	situer	verb	fra
antropomorfic	adjective	oci	anthropomorphique	adjective	fra
Viger	properNoun	oci	Viger	properNoun	fra
laossian	noun	oci	laotien	noun	fra
tèst	noun	oci	test	noun	fra
Descamps	properNoun	oci	Descamps	properNoun	fra
rota	noun	oci	route	noun	fra
Bush	properNoun	oci	Bush	properNoun	fra
arboricòla	adjective	oci	arboricole	adjective	fra
Chenette	properNoun	oci	Chenette	properNoun	fra
Yohann	properNoun	oci	Yohann	properNoun	fra
adocit	adjective	oci	édulcoré	adjective	fra
Benito	properNoun	oci	Benito	properNoun	fra
Altimiras	properNoun	oci	Altimiras	properNoun	fra
Cejudo	properNoun	oci	Cejudo	properNoun	fra
Damás	properNoun	oci	Damás	properNoun	fra
Malhòrca	properNoun	oci	Majorque	properNoun	fra
Vela	properNoun	oci	Vela	properNoun	fra
Sabra	properNoun	oci	Sabra	properNoun	fra
INSEE	noun	oci	INSEE	noun	fra
votz	noun	oci	voix	noun	fra
joinessa	noun	oci	jeunesse	noun	fra
ductil	adjective	oci	ductile	adjective	fra
Tortajada	properNoun	oci	Tortajada	properNoun	fra
Connick	properNoun	oci	Connick	properNoun	fra
prenom	noun	oci	prénom	noun	fra
familiaritat	noun	oci	familiarité	noun	fra
Aruba	properNoun	oci	Aruba	properNoun	fra
Arièja	properNoun	oci	Ariège	properNoun	fra
Napolitano	properNoun	oci	Napolitano	properNoun	fra
mas	coordinatingConjunction	oci	mais	coordinatingConjunction	fra
exili	noun	oci	exil	noun	fra
Lantagne	properNoun	oci	Lantagne	properNoun	fra
Capitán	properNoun	oci	Capitán	properNoun	fra
estatua	noun	oci	statue	noun	fra
relúder	verb	oci	luire	verb	fra
Galarneau	properNoun	oci	Galarneau	properNoun	fra
cèrt	determiner	oci	certain	determiner	fra
daurada	noun	oci	dorade	noun	fra
Russel	properNoun	oci	Russel	properNoun	fra
Burriel	properNoun	oci	Burriel	properNoun	fra
croat	adjective	oci	croate	adjective	fra
Ducharme	properNoun	oci	Ducharme	properNoun	fra
redaccion	noun	oci	rédaction	noun	fra
recursiu	adjective	oci	récursif	adjective	fra
Ancelotti	properNoun	oci	Ancelotti	properNoun	fra
per pauc que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	pour peu que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
estetisme	noun	oci	esthétisme	noun	fra
corrector	adjective	oci	correcteur	adjective	fra
tardiu	adjective	oci	tardif	adjective	fra
privilegiar	verb	oci	privilégier	verb	fra
Campi	properNoun	oci	Campi	properNoun	fra
Farah	properNoun	oci	Farah	properNoun	fra
CSC	noun	oci	CSC	noun	fra
posaraca	noun	oci	noria	noun	fra
capital	noun	oci	capital	noun	fra
Lehouillier	properNoun	oci	Lehouillier	properNoun	fra
rudejar	verb	oci	rudoyer	verb	fra
sangsuga	noun	oci	sangsue	noun	fra
malícia	noun	oci	malice	noun	fra
Zaplana	properNoun	oci	Zaplana	properNoun	fra
mèca	noun	oci	mèche	noun	fra
Pia	properNoun	oci	Pia	properNoun	fra
Almendro	properNoun	oci	Almendro	properNoun	fra
imenoptèr	noun	oci	hyménoptère	noun	fra
butiric	adjective	oci	butyrique	adjective	fra
Cristian	properNoun	oci	Cristian	properNoun	fra
Crotona	properNoun	oci	Crotone	properNoun	fra
Custódio	properNoun	oci	Custódio	properNoun	fra
Callau	properNoun	oci	Callau	properNoun	fra
a proximitat de	preposition	oci	à proximité de	preposition	fra
Magritte	properNoun	oci	Magritte	properNoun	fra
Rhéault	properNoun	oci	Rhéault	properNoun	fra
marginalizar	verb	oci	marginaliser	verb	fra
von Montluisant	properNoun	oci	von Montluisant	properNoun	fra
Vickers	properNoun	oci	Vickers	properNoun	fra
Pareja	properNoun	oci	Pareja	properNoun	fra
pleurèsi	noun	oci	pleurésie	noun	fra
jogar	verb	oci	jouer	verb	fra
traumatic	adjective	oci	traumatique	adjective	fra
assistir	verb	oci	assister	verb	fra
von Kerrigan	properNoun	oci	von Kerrigan	properNoun	fra
renfortiment	noun	oci	renfort	noun	fra
renfortiment	noun	oci	renforcement	noun	fra
Doval	properNoun	oci	Doval	properNoun	fra
susdich	adjective	oci	susdit	adjective	fra
Guarch	properNoun	oci	Guarch	properNoun	fra
babaròta	noun	oci	blatte	noun	fra
respectabilitat	noun	oci	respectabilité	noun	fra
Hutchison	properNoun	oci	Hutchison	properNoun	fra
Durivage	properNoun	oci	Durivage	properNoun	fra
Guinèa Bissau	properNoun	oci	Guinée-Bissau	properNoun	fra
Beattie	properNoun	oci	Beattie	properNoun	fra
murcian	adjective	oci	murcien	adjective	fra
vigor	noun	oci	vigueur	noun	fra
Préville	properNoun	oci	Préville	properNoun	fra
conductibilitat	noun	oci	conductibilité	noun	fra
Clifford	properNoun	oci	Clifford	properNoun	fra
Pilette	properNoun	oci	Pilette	properNoun	fra
a bòrd	adverb	oci	à bord	adverb	fra
Corriere della Sera	properNoun	oci	Corriere della Sera	properNoun	fra
Torrecillas	properNoun	oci	Torrecillas	properNoun	fra
Gregòri	properNoun	oci	Grégoire	properNoun	fra
Gregòri	properNoun	oci	Gregòri	properNoun	fra
Hayes	properNoun	oci	Hayes	properNoun	fra
torpilha	noun	oci	torpille	noun	fra
blau	adjective	oci	bleu	adjective	fra
Bois	properNoun	oci	Bois	properNoun	fra
caboçòla	noun	oci	têtard	noun	fra
pesca	noun	oci	pêche	noun	fra
perfeccionista	noun	oci	perfectionniste	noun	fra
Meco	properNoun	oci	Meco	properNoun	fra
Wayne	properNoun	oci	Wayne	properNoun	fra
Kendra	properNoun	oci	Kendra	properNoun	fra
lamentacion	noun	oci	lamentation	noun	fra
respiratòri	adjective	oci	respiratoire	adjective	fra
actuar	verb	oci	agir	verb	fra
esquèrra	noun	oci	gauche	noun	fra
aissa	noun	oci	herminette	noun	fra
divergent	adjective	oci	divergent	adjective	fra
laitisson	noun	oci	laiteron	noun	fra
Astana	properNoun	oci	Astana	properNoun	fra
Thach	properNoun	oci	Thach	properNoun	fra
Natxo	properNoun	oci	Natxo	properNoun	fra
liberalizacion	noun	oci	libéralisation	noun	fra
Precambrian	noun	oci	précambrien	noun	fra
arquièr	noun	oci	archer	noun	fra
dibés	noun	oci	vendredi	noun	fra
gèsta	noun	oci	geste	noun	fra
maliciós	adjective	oci	malicieux	adjective	fra
condicionalament	adverb	oci	conditionnellement	adverb	fra
sifon	noun	oci	siphon	noun	fra
confirmacion	noun	oci	confirmation	noun	fra
afluéncia	noun	oci	affluence	noun	fra
laurar	verb	oci	labourer	verb	fra
tòrt	adjective	oci	tortu	adjective	fra
botelhatge	noun	oci	embouteillage	noun	fra
per sobras	adverb	oci	par surcroît	adverb	fra
Gionfriddo	properNoun	oci	Gionfriddo	properNoun	fra
banalitat	noun	oci	banalité	noun	fra
cothivirar	verb	oci	ravager	verb	fra
cothivirar	verb	oci	catastropher	verb	fra
dignament	adverb	oci	dignement	adverb	fra
estonant	adjective	oci	étonnant	adjective	fra
recepcionista	noun	oci	réceptionniste	noun	fra
55n	adjective	oci	55ème	adjective	fra
abisme	noun	oci	abîme	noun	fra
a primalba	adverb	oci	à l'aube	adverb	fra
von Eriegern	properNoun	oci	von Eriegern	properNoun	fra
Church	properNoun	oci	Church	properNoun	fra
Prades	properNoun	oci	Prades	properNoun	fra
meronim	noun	oci	méronyme	noun	fra
Cabanes	properNoun	oci	Cabanes	properNoun	fra
Marbre	properNoun	oci	Marbre	properNoun	fra
Dargis	properNoun	oci	Dargis	properNoun	fra
Maréchal	properNoun	oci	Maréchal	properNoun	fra
inspeccionar	verb	oci	inspecter	verb	fra
Fandos	properNoun	oci	Fandos	properNoun	fra
consentiment	noun	oci	consentement	noun	fra
Creton	properNoun	oci	Creton	properNoun	fra
mongeta	noun	oci	haricot	noun	fra
Chesterton	properNoun	oci	Chesterton	properNoun	fra
estenografia	noun	oci	sténographie	noun	fra
cancerós	adjective	oci	cancéreux	adjective	fra
desvelopament	noun	oci	développement	noun	fra
aclapant	adjective	oci	accablant	adjective	fra
Coch	properNoun	oci	Coch	properNoun	fra
reconfortant	adjective	oci	réconfortant	adjective	fra
Tijuana	properNoun	oci	Tijuana	properNoun	fra
Fecteau	properNoun	oci	Fecteau	properNoun	fra
diagnostic	noun	oci	diagnostic	noun	fra
copyright	noun	oci	copyright	noun	fra
abjuracion	noun	oci	abjuration	noun	fra
Unix	properNoun	oci	Unix	properNoun	fra
Cormier	properNoun	oci	Cormier	properNoun	fra
olièr	noun	oci	potier	noun	fra
Lasheras	properNoun	oci	Lasheras	properNoun	fra
manifèstament	adverb	oci	manifestement	adverb	fra
Buitrago	properNoun	oci	Buitrago	properNoun	fra
Cires	properNoun	oci	Cires	properNoun	fra
socioeconomic	adjective	oci	socio-économique	adjective	fra
Manchado	properNoun	oci	Manchado	properNoun	fra
fulhatge	noun	oci	feuillage	noun	fra
tresaur	noun	oci	trésor	noun	fra
Iñaki	properNoun	oci	Iñaki	properNoun	fra
nebulosa	noun	oci	nébuleuse	noun	fra
prosodic	adjective	oci	prosodique	adjective	fra
Herrando	properNoun	oci	Herrando	properNoun	fra
Muntaner	properNoun	oci	Muntaner	properNoun	fra
Benlloch	properNoun	oci	Benlloch	properNoun	fra
cançon	noun	oci	chanson	noun	fra
Kaye	properNoun	oci	Kaye	properNoun	fra
ensaladièr	noun	oci	saladier	noun	fra
passat	adjective	oci	précédent	adjective	fra
passat	adjective	oci	passé	adjective	fra
St-Pierre	properNoun	oci	St-Pierre	properNoun	fra
Joëlle	properNoun	oci	Joëlle	properNoun	fra
complir	verb	oci	accomplir	verb	fra
Basile	properNoun	oci	Basile	properNoun	fra
Bucci	properNoun	oci	Bucci	properNoun	fra
castèl	noun	oci	château	noun	fra
corròg	noun	oci	corvée	noun	fra
Murdoch	properNoun	oci	Murdoch	properNoun	fra
Reialme Unit	properNoun	oci	Royaume-Uni	properNoun	fra
pontificat	noun	oci	pontificat	noun	fra
ondular	verb	oci	onduler	verb	fra
Camp	properNoun	oci	Camp	properNoun	fra
parabalas	adjective	oci	pare-balles	adjective	fra
cagar	verb	oci	chier	verb	fra
bacteriologic	adjective	oci	bactériologique	adjective	fra
nargós	adjective	oci	nasillard	adjective	fra
uechanta	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt	numeral	fra
cobalt	noun	oci	cobalt	noun	fra
penedent	noun	oci	repentant	noun	fra
Belau	properNoun	oci	Palaos	properNoun	fra
Balcells	properNoun	oci	Balcells	properNoun	fra
ramificar	verb	oci	ramifier	verb	fra
mutilacion	noun	oci	mutilation	noun	fra
RSA	properNoun	oci	RSA	properNoun	fra
Caceres	properNoun	oci	Caceres	properNoun	fra
Raül	properNoun	oci	Raül	properNoun	fra
legiferir	verb	oci	légiférer	verb	fra
Sinnathurai	properNoun	oci	Sinnathurai	properNoun	fra
Alsthom	properNoun	oci	Alsthom	properNoun	fra
neoplasma	noun	oci	néoplasme	noun	fra
grelh	noun	oci	grillon	noun	fra
panda	noun	oci	panda	noun	fra
declaratiu	adjective	oci	déclaratif	adjective	fra
aglutinacion	noun	oci	agglutination	noun	fra
disminuir	verb	oci	diminuer	verb	fra
idric	adjective	oci	hydrique	adjective	fra
Price	properNoun	oci	Price	properNoun	fra
clòsc	noun	oci	noyau	noun	fra
Miquèu	properNoun	oci	Miquèu	properNoun	fra
Fort	properNoun	oci	Fort	properNoun	fra
Riba	properNoun	oci	Riba	properNoun	fra
Gehin	properNoun	oci	Gehin	properNoun	fra
prepaus	noun	oci	propos	noun	fra
Saladie	properNoun	oci	Saladie	properNoun	fra
detectar	verb	oci	détecter	verb	fra
acòrdi	noun	oci	accord	noun	fra
grasal	noun	oci	terrine	noun	fra
embessonat	adjective	oci	jumelé	adjective	fra
acondicionar	verb	oci	aménager	verb	fra
Fraga	properNoun	oci	Fraga	properNoun	fra
Padlayat	properNoun	oci	Padlayat	properNoun	fra
trepan	noun	oci	trépan	noun	fra
escanaulir	verb	oci	amaigrir	verb	fra
chasubla	noun	oci	chasuble	noun	fra
clinic	adjective	oci	clinique	adjective	fra
suspendre	verb	oci	suspendre	verb	fra
Unha	properNoun	oci	Unha	properNoun	fra
Gluck	properNoun	oci	Gluck	properNoun	fra
Iowa	properNoun	oci	Iowa	properNoun	fra
Haman	properNoun	oci	Haman	properNoun	fra
clarificacion	noun	oci	clarification	noun	fra
amainatjament	noun	oci	aménagement	noun	fra
Marimon	properNoun	oci	Marimon	properNoun	fra
Mussorgski	properNoun	oci	Moussorgski	properNoun	fra
demission	noun	oci	démission	noun	fra
Ellen	properNoun	oci	Ellen	properNoun	fra
impuretat	noun	oci	impureté	noun	fra
Agut	properNoun	oci	Agut	properNoun	fra
farandòla	noun	oci	farandole	noun	fra
Whiteman	properNoun	oci	Whiteman	properNoun	fra
programar	verb	oci	programmer	verb	fra
rauc	adjective	oci	rauque	adjective	fra
friccion	noun	oci	friction	noun	fra
Mascort	properNoun	oci	Mascort	properNoun	fra
vèrme	noun	oci	ver	noun	fra
Casadevall	properNoun	oci	Casadevall	properNoun	fra
aplomb	noun	oci	aplomb	noun	fra
Alberti	properNoun	oci	Alberti	properNoun	fra
nòrdamerican	noun	oci	Nord-Américain	noun	fra
Ellefsen	properNoun	oci	Ellefsen	properNoun	fra
dissimular	verb	oci	dissimuler	verb	fra
polsós	adjective	oci	poussiéreux	adjective	fra
locucion	noun	oci	locution	noun	fra
tetraedric	adjective	oci	tétraédrique	adjective	fra
Dumoulin	properNoun	oci	Dumoulin	properNoun	fra
observator	noun	oci	observateur	noun	fra
Danette	properNoun	oci	Danette	properNoun	fra
Paradeda	properNoun	oci	Paradeda	properNoun	fra
campion	noun	oci	champion	noun	fra
Plana	properNoun	oci	Plana	properNoun	fra
fidelitat	noun	oci	fidélité	noun	fra
contribusir	verb	oci	contribuer	verb	fra
cantina	noun	oci	cantine	noun	fra
modernizacion	noun	oci	modernisation	noun	fra
Lemery	properNoun	oci	Lemery	properNoun	fra
identic	adjective	oci	identique	adjective	fra
Marouan	properNoun	oci	Marouan	properNoun	fra
Turenne	properNoun	oci	Turenne	properNoun	fra
coma de just	adverb	oci	à juste titre	adverb	fra
bioindicator	adjective	oci	bioindicateur	adjective	fra
reng	noun	oci	rang	noun	fra
Wheatley	properNoun	oci	Wheatley	properNoun	fra
morent	adjective	oci	mourant	adjective	fra
Anbar	properNoun	oci	Anbar	properNoun	fra
Massagué	properNoun	oci	Massagué	properNoun	fra
Cobas	properNoun	oci	Cobas	properNoun	fra
Carlo	properNoun	oci	Carlo	properNoun	fra
Lincoln	properNoun	oci	Lincoln	properNoun	fra
botanés	adjective	oci	bhoutanais	adjective	fra
Marí	properNoun	oci	Marí	properNoun	fra
reintroduire	verb	oci	réintroduire	verb	fra
princi	noun	oci	prince	noun	fra
Piette	properNoun	oci	Piette	properNoun	fra
Lapalme	properNoun	oci	Lapalme	properNoun	fra
Barton	properNoun	oci	Barton	properNoun	fra
Ugarte	properNoun	oci	Ugarte	properNoun	fra
cobertura	noun	oci	couverture	noun	fra
muralha	noun	oci	muraille	noun	fra
Bidarte	properNoun	oci	Bidarte	properNoun	fra
MSN	properNoun	oci	MSN	properNoun	fra
Anyós	properNoun	oci	Anyós	properNoun	fra
cantapolet	noun	oci	mirliton	noun	fra
Duhamel	properNoun	oci	Duhamel	properNoun	fra
Vizcaíno	properNoun	oci	Vizcaíno	properNoun	fra
electoralista	adjective	oci	électoraliste	adjective	fra
Zubizarreta	properNoun	oci	Zubizarreta	properNoun	fra
tèsta	noun	oci	tête	noun	fra
maitiada	noun	oci	matinée	noun	fra
Watier	properNoun	oci	Watier	properNoun	fra
ocultar	verb	oci	occulter	verb	fra
Almero	properNoun	oci	Almero	properNoun	fra
Voyageur	properNoun	oci	Voyageur	properNoun	fra
boc	noun	oci	bouc	noun	fra
Salvi	properNoun	oci	Salvi	properNoun	fra
editar	verb	oci	éditer	verb	fra
Rossí	properNoun	oci	Rossí	properNoun	fra
apropar	verb	oci	rapprocher	verb	fra
ecumenic	adjective	oci	œcuménique	adjective	fra
Sainz de la Maza	properNoun	oci	Sainz de la Maza	properNoun	fra
condensator	noun	oci	condensateur	noun	fra
gestionari	noun	oci	gestionnaire	noun	fra
correspondéncia	noun	oci	correspondance	noun	fra
Cervera	properNoun	oci	Cervera	properNoun	fra
Pandolfino	properNoun	oci	Pandolfino	properNoun	fra
Tell	properNoun	oci	Tell	properNoun	fra
tradusir	verb	oci	traduire	verb	fra
conténer	verb	oci	contenir	verb	fra
conténer	verb	oci	endiguer	verb	fra
Benlolo	properNoun	oci	Benlolo	properNoun	fra
san	adjective	oci	sain	adjective	fra
carisma	noun	oci	charisme	noun	fra
atentiu	adjective	oci	attentif	adjective	fra
sosdialècte	noun	oci	sous-dialecte	noun	fra
semestralament	adverb	oci	semestriellement	adverb	fra
Claudette	properNoun	oci	Claudette	properNoun	fra
invasion	noun	oci	invasion	noun	fra
nonanta dos	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-douze	numeral	fra
grava	noun	oci	grève	noun	fra
grava	noun	oci	gravier	noun	fra
indigerible	adjective	oci	indigérable	adjective	fra
Cullell	properNoun	oci	Cullell	properNoun	fra
astrologicament	adverb	oci	astrologiquement	adverb	fra
Martimbault	properNoun	oci	Martimbault	properNoun	fra
regropar	verb	oci	regrouper	verb	fra
esturment	noun	oci	instrument	noun	fra
en defòra de	preposition	oci	en dehors de	preposition	fra
Mas Fornés	properNoun	oci	Mas Fornés	properNoun	fra
Cadena SER	properNoun	oci	Cadena SER	properNoun	fra
proporcionalitat	noun	oci	proportionnalité	noun	fra
Rato	properNoun	oci	Rato	properNoun	fra
Domerga	properNoun	oci	Domerga	properNoun	fra
fortunat	adjective	oci	fortuné	adjective	fra
Baird	properNoun	oci	Baird	properNoun	fra
Rio de Janeiro	properNoun	oci	Rio de Janeiro	properNoun	fra
morrelon	noun	oci	mouron	noun	fra
Barreto	properNoun	oci	Barreto	properNoun	fra
discussion	noun	oci	discussion	noun	fra
corintian	adjective	oci	corinthien	adjective	fra
IRA	noun	oci	IRA	noun	fra
Calvé	properNoun	oci	Calvé	properNoun	fra
cercar	verb	oci	chercher	verb	fra
CC	noun	oci	CC	noun	fra
Castellnou	properNoun	oci	Castellnou	properNoun	fra
Desruisseaux	properNoun	oci	Desruisseaux	properNoun	fra
electrocucion	noun	oci	électrocution	noun	fra
perfumat	adjective	oci	parfumé	adjective	fra
Larreina	properNoun	oci	Larreina	properNoun	fra
gentrificacion	noun	oci	gentrification	noun	fra
escolar	adjective	oci	scolaire	adjective	fra
Mariño	properNoun	oci	Mariño	properNoun	fra
Narcisse	properNoun	oci	Narcisse	properNoun	fra
adulteracion	noun	oci	adultération	noun	fra
illon	noun	oci	îlot	noun	fra
soprano	noun	oci	soprano	noun	fra
animator	noun	oci	animateur	noun	fra
august	adjective	oci	auguste	adjective	fra
Diéguez	properNoun	oci	Diéguez	properNoun	fra
eissubliar	verb	oci	oublier	verb	fra
ceguda	noun	oci	ciguë	noun	fra
Swift	properNoun	oci	Swift	properNoun	fra
escalon	noun	oci	gradin	noun	fra
allofòn	noun	oci	allophone	noun	fra
Codina	properNoun	oci	Codina	properNoun	fra
còth	noun	oci	cou	noun	fra
Torrellas	properNoun	oci	Torrellas	properNoun	fra
Alisa	properNoun	oci	Alisa	properNoun	fra
absolutista	adjective	oci	absolutiste	adjective	fra
decision	noun	oci	décision	noun	fra
imminent	adjective	oci	imminent	adjective	fra
Casares	properNoun	oci	Casares	properNoun	fra
Madonna	properNoun	oci	Madonna	properNoun	fra
eclesiastic	adjective	oci	ecclésiastique	adjective	fra
Bermell	properNoun	oci	Bermell	properNoun	fra
gorilla	noun	oci	gorille	noun	fra
Graupera	properNoun	oci	Graupera	properNoun	fra
agata	noun	oci	agate	noun	fra
Villada	properNoun	oci	Villada	properNoun	fra
establiment	noun	oci	établissement	noun	fra
Guérin	properNoun	oci	Guérin	properNoun	fra
Abadía	properNoun	oci	Abadía	properNoun	fra
tradicion	noun	oci	tradition	noun	fra
Markus	properNoun	oci	Markus	properNoun	fra
podadoira	noun	oci	gouet	noun	fra
Terrádez	properNoun	oci	Terrádez	properNoun	fra
solhadura	noun	oci	souillure	noun	fra
Mas i Fontdevila	properNoun	oci	Mas i Fontdevila	properNoun	fra
conegut	adjective	oci	connu	adjective	fra
anchòia	noun	oci	anchois	noun	fra
Rosario	properNoun	oci	Rosario	properNoun	fra
Delia	properNoun	oci	Delia	properNoun	fra
versemblable	adjective	oci	vraisemblable	adjective	fra
conferir	verb	oci	conférer	verb	fra
Nevada	properNoun	oci	Nevada	properNoun	fra
relotgièr	noun	oci	horloger	noun	fra
catalanooccitan	adjective	oci	catalanooccitan	adjective	fra
Subiela	properNoun	oci	Subiela	properNoun	fra
periferia	noun	oci	périphérie	noun	fra
Rigall	properNoun	oci	Rigall	properNoun	fra
PCE	noun	oci	PCE	noun	fra
comprensible	adjective	oci	compréhensible	adjective	fra
entremitan	preposition	oci	au milieu de	preposition	fra
entremitan	preposition	oci	entre	preposition	fra
navegabilitat	noun	oci	navigabilité	noun	fra
Racette	properNoun	oci	Racette	properNoun	fra
Marian	properNoun	oci	Marian	properNoun	fra
Picot	properNoun	oci	Picot	properNoun	fra
Atlético	properNoun	oci	Atlético	properNoun	fra
limpant	adjective	oci	glissant	adjective	fra
Niubó	properNoun	oci	Niubó	properNoun	fra
bordar	verb	oci	border	verb	fra
Chalut	properNoun	oci	Chalut	properNoun	fra
rodal	noun	oci	ornière	noun	fra
escortar	verb	oci	escorter	verb	fra
especulacion	noun	oci	spéculation	noun	fra
Loukachenko	properNoun	oci	Loukachenko	properNoun	fra
mont	noun	oci	mont	noun	fra
Fermin	properNoun	oci	Fermin	properNoun	fra
Skinner	properNoun	oci	Skinner	properNoun	fra
possiblament	adverb	oci	possiblement	adverb	fra
arc	noun	oci	arc	noun	fra
Lovaina	properNoun	oci	Louvain	properNoun	fra
garaquí	adverb	oci	voilà	adverb	fra
cinematograf	noun	oci	cinématographe	noun	fra
Dunkerque	properNoun	oci	Dunkerque	properNoun	fra
protocòle	noun	oci	protocole	noun	fra
Gironés	properNoun	oci	Gironés	properNoun	fra
Constança	properNoun	oci	Constança	properNoun	fra
ferroviari	adjective	oci	ferroviaire	adjective	fra
sincròn	adjective	oci	synchrone	adjective	fra
corrogada	noun	oci	corvée	noun	fra
Siméon	properNoun	oci	Siméon	properNoun	fra
von Hohenthal	properNoun	oci	von Hohenthal	properNoun	fra
difamatòri	adjective	oci	diffamatoire	adjective	fra
ambient	adjective	oci	ambiant	adjective	fra
Bassas	properNoun	oci	Bassas	properNoun	fra
privatizacion	noun	oci	privatisation	noun	fra
Bouthillier	properNoun	oci	Bouthillier	properNoun	fra
deslocalizar	verb	oci	délocaliser	verb	fra
Carmelita	properNoun	oci	Carmelita	properNoun	fra
Desmond	properNoun	oci	Desmond	properNoun	fra
Marciano	properNoun	oci	Marciano	properNoun	fra
afamaire	adjective	oci	affameur	adjective	fra
ferotge	adjective	oci	farouche	adjective	fra
ponch	adverb	oci	point	adverb	fra
Carole	properNoun	oci	Carole	properNoun	fra
Alberte	properNoun	oci	Alberte	properNoun	fra
Prokofiev	properNoun	oci	Prokofiev	properNoun	fra
Gaspart	properNoun	oci	Gaspart	properNoun	fra
oficiós	adjective	oci	officieux	adjective	fra
Snowden	properNoun	oci	Snowden	properNoun	fra
Rafecas	properNoun	oci	Rafecas	properNoun	fra
estuari	noun	oci	estuaire	noun	fra
Ballús	properNoun	oci	Ballús	properNoun	fra
Bonham	properNoun	oci	Bonham	properNoun	fra
Ibis	properNoun	oci	Ibis	properNoun	fra
Dengrá	properNoun	oci	Dengrá	properNoun	fra
vibrar	verb	oci	vibrer	verb	fra
necessitar	verb	oci	nécessiter	verb	fra
Vicaire	properNoun	oci	Vicaire	properNoun	fra
Bornais	properNoun	oci	Bornais	properNoun	fra
Reginald	properNoun	oci	Reginald	properNoun	fra
Trinque	properNoun	oci	Trinque	properNoun	fra
manual	noun	oci	manuel	noun	fra
Compostèla	properNoun	oci	Compostelle	properNoun	fra
Lluch	properNoun	oci	Lluch	properNoun	fra
leugieretat	noun	oci	légèreté	noun	fra
Cadel	properNoun	oci	Cadel	properNoun	fra
reafirmacion	noun	oci	réaffirmation	noun	fra
atròç	adjective	oci	atroce	adjective	fra
Hulot	properNoun	oci	Hulot	properNoun	fra
empèut	noun	oci	greffe	noun	fra
avantprojècte	noun	oci	avant-projet	noun	fra
seria	noun	oci	série	noun	fra
irregularament	adverb	oci	irrégulièrement	adverb	fra
Balderrama	properNoun	oci	Balderrama	properNoun	fra
fons	noun	oci	fond	noun	fra
sòla	noun	oci	sole	noun	fra
sòla	noun	oci	semelle	noun	fra
plasentament	adverb	oci	plaisamment	adverb	fra
Nina	properNoun	oci	Nina	properNoun	fra
vailet	noun	oci	valet	noun	fra
delectacion	noun	oci	délectation	noun	fra
bonser	noun	oci	bonsoir	noun	fra
Pinte	properNoun	oci	Pinte	properNoun	fra
ieti	noun	oci	yéti	noun	fra
castracion	noun	oci	castration	noun	fra
plegadís	adjective	oci	souple	adjective	fra
Zhong	properNoun	oci	Zhong	properNoun	fra
neoclassic	adjective	oci	néoclassique	adjective	fra
saussa	noun	oci	sauce	noun	fra
McMartin	properNoun	oci	McMartin	properNoun	fra
quart	noun	oci	quart	noun	fra
mortalatge	noun	oci	massacre	noun	fra
extorsion	noun	oci	extorsion	noun	fra
Cèsar	properNoun	oci	Cèsar	properNoun	fra
carnet	noun	oci	carnet	noun	fra
Timòr	properNoun	oci	Timor	properNoun	fra
Dumontier	properNoun	oci	Dumontier	properNoun	fra
Elduayen	properNoun	oci	Elduayen	properNoun	fra
Engolmés	properNoun	oci	Angoumois	properNoun	fra
Micheline	properNoun	oci	Micheline	properNoun	fra
raqueta	noun	oci	raquette	noun	fra
assolidatge	noun	oci	réussite	noun	fra
Corbin	properNoun	oci	Corbin	properNoun	fra
dur d'aurelha	adjective	oci	malentendant	adjective	fra
reculat	adjective	oci	reculé	adjective	fra
codonh	noun	oci	coing	noun	fra
antic	adjective	oci	antique	adjective	fra
Regina	properNoun	oci	Regina	properNoun	fra
Regina	properNoun	oci	Régine	properNoun	fra
sorire	verb	oci	sourire	verb	fra
Julia	properNoun	oci	Julia	properNoun	fra
Diiorio	properNoun	oci	Diiorio	properNoun	fra
empresonat	adjective	oci	emprisonné	adjective	fra
pacifista	noun	oci	pacifiste	noun	fra
finalista	noun	oci	finaliste	noun	fra
raiadura	noun	oci	rayure	noun	fra
Eslava	properNoun	oci	Eslava	properNoun	fra
Paliotti	properNoun	oci	Paliotti	properNoun	fra
identificacion	noun	oci	identification	noun	fra
Sevilla	properNoun	oci	Sevilla	properNoun	fra
discografia	noun	oci	discographie	noun	fra
nivelar	verb	oci	niveler	verb	fra
Morrow	properNoun	oci	Morrow	properNoun	fra
pinacotèca	noun	oci	pinacothèque	noun	fra
Delpastre	properNoun	oci	Delpastre	properNoun	fra
albuminoïde	adjective	oci	albuminoïde	adjective	fra
McLuhan	properNoun	oci	McLuhan	properNoun	fra
carburant	noun	oci	carburant	noun	fra
Brooke	properNoun	oci	Brooke	properNoun	fra
lasèr	noun	oci	laser	noun	fra
bar	noun	oci	bar	noun	fra
Assi	properNoun	oci	Assi	properNoun	fra
mercejament	noun	oci	remerciement	noun	fra
pairin	noun	oci	parrain	noun	fra
ara que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	à présent que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
ara que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	maintenant que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Turgeon	properNoun	oci	Turgeon	properNoun	fra
Samira	properNoun	oci	Samira	properNoun	fra
cran	noun	oci	crâne	noun	fra
Tiralongo	properNoun	oci	Tiralongo	properNoun	fra
uigur	noun	oci	ouïghour	noun	fra
Novalinga	properNoun	oci	Novalinga	properNoun	fra
congrès	noun	oci	congrès	noun	fra
a fin e mesura que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	au fur et à mesure que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
lumenon	noun	oci	lampion	noun	fra
caloria	noun	oci	calorie	noun	fra
Salah	properNoun	oci	Salah	properNoun	fra
Altuna	properNoun	oci	Altuna	properNoun	fra
benorrit	noun	oci	ortolan	noun	fra
Napoleon	properNoun	oci	Napoléon	properNoun	fra
pintor	noun	oci	peintre	noun	fra
conic	adjective	oci	conique	adjective	fra
broquet	noun	oci	robinet	noun	fra
junh	noun	oci	juin	noun	fra
sodanés	adjective	oci	soudanais	adjective	fra
Sepúlveda	properNoun	oci	Sepúlveda	properNoun	fra
Tatay	properNoun	oci	Tatay	properNoun	fra
Losada	properNoun	oci	Losada	properNoun	fra
Añón	properNoun	oci	Añón	properNoun	fra
a la demanda de	preposition	oci	à la demande de	preposition	fra
Aramburuzabala	properNoun	oci	Aramburuzabala	properNoun	fra
transitivitat	noun	oci	transitivité	noun	fra
Olea	properNoun	oci	Olea	properNoun	fra
coordinator	noun	oci	coordinateur	noun	fra
comentaire	noun	oci	commentateur	noun	fra
academicament	adverb	oci	académiquement	adverb	fra
Longuépée	properNoun	oci	Longuépée	properNoun	fra
figura	noun	oci	figure	noun	fra
adopcion	noun	oci	adoption	noun	fra
Pereiro	properNoun	oci	Pereiro	properNoun	fra
solelhat	adjective	oci	ensoleillé	adjective	fra
Rallo	properNoun	oci	Rallo	properNoun	fra
Bisaillon	properNoun	oci	Bisaillon	properNoun	fra
Michaël	properNoun	oci	Michaël	properNoun	fra
venjament	noun	oci	vengeance	noun	fra
toat	noun	oci	égout	noun	fra
Caballé	properNoun	oci	Caballé	properNoun	fra
Antony	properNoun	oci	Antony	properNoun	fra
toalha	noun	oci	nappe	noun	fra
sul pic	adverb	oci	sur-le-champ	adverb	fra
Mulet	properNoun	oci	Mulet	properNoun	fra
artesan	noun	oci	artisan	noun	fra
Froment	properNoun	oci	Froment	properNoun	fra
prusor	noun	oci	démangeaison	noun	fra
batimetria	noun	oci	bathymétrie	noun	fra
consumeire	noun	oci	consommateur	noun	fra
extèrne	adjective	oci	externe	adjective	fra
despartiment	noun	oci	partage	noun	fra
airièra	noun	oci	myrtille	noun	fra
Montagne	properNoun	oci	Montagne	properNoun	fra
Kirilenko	properNoun	oci	Kirilenko	properNoun	fra
meteorologic	adjective	oci	météorologique	adjective	fra
subjeccion	noun	oci	sujétion	noun	fra
Vignes	properNoun	oci	Vignes	properNoun	fra
desseparacion	noun	oci	séparation	noun	fra
comission	noun	oci	commission	noun	fra
vocable	noun	oci	vocable	noun	fra
Filomena	properNoun	oci	Filomena	properNoun	fra
instrumentista	noun	oci	instrumentiste	noun	fra
focalizar	verb	oci	focaliser	verb	fra
axiologia	noun	oci	axiologie	noun	fra
indicador	noun	oci	indicateur	noun	fra
Hanley	properNoun	oci	Hanley	properNoun	fra
Dancause	properNoun	oci	Dancause	properNoun	fra
Kraus	properNoun	oci	Kraus	properNoun	fra
Cruells	properNoun	oci	Cruells	properNoun	fra
von Lettow	properNoun	oci	von Lettow	properNoun	fra
Moncion	properNoun	oci	Moncion	properNoun	fra
Dhillon	properNoun	oci	Dhillon	properNoun	fra
Betoret	properNoun	oci	Betoret	properNoun	fra
Sauvé	properNoun	oci	Sauvé	properNoun	fra
nominacion	noun	oci	nomination	noun	fra
luseta	noun	oci	luciole	noun	fra
delectable	adjective	oci	délectable	adjective	fra
Iborra	properNoun	oci	Iborra	properNoun	fra
congelat	noun	oci	congelé	noun	fra
colpable	noun	oci	coupable	noun	fra
jogabilitat	noun	oci	jouabilité	noun	fra
LCD	properNoun	oci	LCD	properNoun	fra
poësia	noun	oci	poésie	noun	fra
marsupial	noun	oci	marsupial	noun	fra
Califòrnia	properNoun	oci	Californie	properNoun	fra
Duplessis	properNoun	oci	Duplessis	properNoun	fra
reafirmar	verb	oci	réaffirmer	verb	fra
O'Doherty	properNoun	oci	O'Doherty	properNoun	fra
Axel	properNoun	oci	Axel	properNoun	fra
princesa	noun	oci	prince	noun	fra
Ledesma	properNoun	oci	Ledesma	properNoun	fra
consòrci	noun	oci	consortium	noun	fra
Valverde	properNoun	oci	Valverde	properNoun	fra
vacanças	noun	oci	vacances	noun	fra
possibilitat	noun	oci	possibilité	noun	fra
Carignan	properNoun	oci	Carignan	properNoun	fra
poker	noun	oci	poker	noun	fra
anarquista	adjective	oci	anarchiste	adjective	fra
Coti	properNoun	oci	Coti	properNoun	fra
Dorvil	properNoun	oci	Dorvil	properNoun	fra
erratic	adjective	oci	erratique	adjective	fra
Boi	properNoun	oci	Boi	properNoun	fra
Entrena	properNoun	oci	Entrena	properNoun	fra
en van	adverb	oci	en vain	adverb	fra
odor	noun	oci	odeur	noun	fra
manobrar	verb	oci	manœuvrer	verb	fra
Dhaliwal	properNoun	oci	Dhaliwal	properNoun	fra
al profièch de	preposition	oci	au profit de	preposition	fra
Floris	properNoun	oci	Floris	properNoun	fra
aprenedissatge	noun	oci	apprentissage	noun	fra
vicerei	noun	oci	vice-roi	noun	fra
Daura	properNoun	oci	Daura	properNoun	fra
academician	adjective	oci	académicien	adjective	fra
Emmanuel	properNoun	oci	Emmanuel	properNoun	fra
Cochrane	properNoun	oci	Cochrane	properNoun	fra
encomanar	verb	oci	charger	verb	fra
bosniac	noun	oci	bosniaque	noun	fra
Perioli	properNoun	oci	Perioli	properNoun	fra
autocritic	adjective	oci	autocritique	adjective	fra
Vasseur	properNoun	oci	Vasseur	properNoun	fra
Douglass	properNoun	oci	Douglass	properNoun	fra
Amborg	properNoun	oci	Hambourg	properNoun	fra
dedicar	verb	oci	dédier	verb	fra
Pirenèus Orientals	properNoun	oci	Pyrénées-Orientales	properNoun	fra
opausar	verb	oci	opposer	verb	fra
tenchièr	noun	oci	encrier	noun	fra
botanic	noun	oci	jardin botanique	noun	fra
consternacion	noun	oci	consternation	noun	fra
Viladot	properNoun	oci	Viladot	properNoun	fra
Lemmon	properNoun	oci	Lemmon	properNoun	fra
Esteve	properNoun	oci	Esteve	properNoun	fra
estupiditat	noun	oci	stupidité	noun	fra
espèra	noun	oci	attente	noun	fra
Cordon	properNoun	oci	Cordon	properNoun	fra
nieiron	noun	oci	puceron	noun	fra
milhauca	noun	oci	limace	noun	fra
traversar	verb	oci	traverser	verb	fra
esmerauda	noun	oci	émeraude	noun	fra
Izagirre	properNoun	oci	Izagirre	properNoun	fra
escandalizar	verb	oci	scandaliser	verb	fra
Blanche	properNoun	oci	Blanche	properNoun	fra
anellid	noun	oci	annélide	noun	fra
Zaragozá	properNoun	oci	Zaragozá	properNoun	fra
despossedir	verb	oci	déposséder	verb	fra
bolir	verb	oci	bouillir	verb	fra
Amparo	properNoun	oci	Amparo	properNoun	fra
excessiu	adjective	oci	excessif	adjective	fra
a mòrt	adverb	oci	à mort	adverb	fra
blason	noun	oci	blason	noun	fra
anillhet	noun	oci	hennissement	noun	fra
Wallach	properNoun	oci	Wallach	properNoun	fra
dançar	verb	oci	danser	verb	fra
beguda	noun	oci	boisson	noun	fra
lustracion	noun	oci	lustration	noun	fra
Jolibois	properNoun	oci	Jolibois	properNoun	fra
aeracion	noun	oci	aération	noun	fra
negra	noun	oci	puce	noun	fra
Macfarlane	properNoun	oci	Macfarlane	properNoun	fra
octava	noun	oci	octave	noun	fra
geoquimia	noun	oci	géochimie	noun	fra
reciclatge	noun	oci	recyclage	noun	fra
camoflatge	noun	oci	camouflage	noun	fra
solstici	noun	oci	solstice	noun	fra
melhor	adjective	oci	meilleur	adjective	fra
Porto Rico	properNoun	oci	Porto Rico	properNoun	fra
vielhum	noun	oci	vieillesse	noun	fra
escartar	verb	oci	écarter	verb	fra
adoptable	adjective	oci	adoptable	adjective	fra
Chiu	properNoun	oci	Chiu	properNoun	fra
embriac	adjective	oci	ivre	adjective	fra
bengalin	adjective	oci	bengali	adjective	fra
art	noun	oci	art	noun	fra
Guillaumes	properNoun	oci	Guillaumes	properNoun	fra
frustrar	verb	oci	frustrer	verb	fra
incidéncia	noun	oci	incidence	noun	fra
Iruela	properNoun	oci	Iruela	properNoun	fra
Boulanger	properNoun	oci	Boulanger	properNoun	fra
Hubert	properNoun	oci	Hubert	properNoun	fra
Palomeque	properNoun	oci	Palomeque	properNoun	fra
Javaloyas	properNoun	oci	Javaloyas	properNoun	fra
Bonn	properNoun	oci	Bonn	properNoun	fra
Guaiana francesa	properNoun	oci	Guyane française	properNoun	fra
Espinet	properNoun	oci	Espinet	properNoun	fra
logic	adjective	oci	logique	adjective	fra
jardinatge	noun	oci	jardinage	noun	fra
Caellas	properNoun	oci	Caellas	properNoun	fra
a la pròva de	preposition	oci	à l'épreuve de	preposition	fra
provisòri	noun	oci	provisoire	noun	fra
mond	noun	oci	monde	noun	fra
irremplaçable	adjective	oci	irremplaçable	adjective	fra
Finistèrra	properNoun	oci	Finistère	properNoun	fra
fotbolaire	noun	oci	footballeur	noun	fra
aclapament	noun	oci	accablement	noun	fra
Lespérance	properNoun	oci	Lespérance	properNoun	fra
CIO	properNoun	oci	CIO	properNoun	fra
òda	noun	oci	ode	noun	fra
barròc	adjective	oci	baroque	adjective	fra
Wise	properNoun	oci	Wise	properNoun	fra
integralament	adverb	oci	intégralement	adverb	fra
Brillon	properNoun	oci	Brillon	properNoun	fra
client	noun	oci	client	noun	fra
Deroy	properNoun	oci	Deroy	properNoun	fra
Tannous	properNoun	oci	Tannous	properNoun	fra
Drouin	properNoun	oci	Drouin	properNoun	fra
Courcy	properNoun	oci	Courcy	properNoun	fra
Friedman	properNoun	oci	Friedman	properNoun	fra
Kabir	properNoun	oci	Kabir	properNoun	fra
Péloquin	properNoun	oci	Péloquin	properNoun	fra
Choi	properNoun	oci	Choi	properNoun	fra
Gelmini	properNoun	oci	Gelmini	properNoun	fra
Vivien	properNoun	oci	Vivien	properNoun	fra
òrgan	noun	oci	organe	noun	fra
Rovirosa	properNoun	oci	Rovirosa	properNoun	fra
visitaire	noun	oci	visiteur	noun	fra
venalitat	noun	oci	vénalité	noun	fra
mesfisença	noun	oci	méfiance	noun	fra
Gauvin	properNoun	oci	Gauvin	properNoun	fra
Globe	properNoun	oci	Globe	properNoun	fra
Primard	properNoun	oci	Primard	properNoun	fra
siètge	noun	oci	siège	noun	fra
Lauvergeon	properNoun	oci	Lauvergeon	properNoun	fra
Correcher	properNoun	oci	Correcher	properNoun	fra
sòma	noun	oci	soma	noun	fra
Ancic	properNoun	oci	Ancic	properNoun	fra
Nathan	properNoun	oci	Nathan	properNoun	fra
Blondin	properNoun	oci	Blondin	properNoun	fra
Barberán	properNoun	oci	Barberán	properNoun	fra
bodista	adjective	oci	bouddhiste	adjective	fra
Puntí	properNoun	oci	Puntí	properNoun	fra
Perucho	properNoun	oci	Perucho	properNoun	fra
futurologia	noun	oci	futurologie	noun	fra
Rosell	properNoun	oci	Rosell	properNoun	fra
circonstanciau	adjective	oci	circonstanciel	adjective	fra
disruptiu	adjective	oci	disruptif	adjective	fra
Baraldes	properNoun	oci	Baraldes	properNoun	fra
Ainalik	properNoun	oci	Ainalik	properNoun	fra
fotofil	adjective	oci	photophile	adjective	fra
chocar	verb	oci	choquer	verb	fra
catartic	adjective	oci	cathartique	adjective	fra
mot per mot	adverb	oci	mot à mot	adverb	fra
epistemològ	noun	oci	épistémologue	noun	fra
mafiós	adjective	oci	mafieux	adjective	fra
Janine	properNoun	oci	Janine	properNoun	fra
acusator	noun	oci	accusateur	noun	fra
aunorar	verb	oci	honorer	verb	fra
Chenoud	properNoun	oci	Chenoud	properNoun	fra
lenguatge	noun	oci	langage	noun	fra
abusivament	adverb	oci	abusivement	adverb	fra
Peano	properNoun	oci	Peano	properNoun	fra
Poudrette	properNoun	oci	Poudrette	properNoun	fra
Santacreu	properNoun	oci	Santacreu	properNoun	fra
coquin	noun	oci	gredin	noun	fra
coquin	noun	oci	fripon	noun	fra
Idrissi	properNoun	oci	Idrissi	properNoun	fra
inconstatable	adjective	oci	inconstatable	adjective	fra
ponchar	verb	oci	pointer	verb	fra
omanés	noun	oci	Omanais	noun	fra
adoptiu	adjective	oci	adoptif	adjective	fra
replicar	verb	oci	riposter	verb	fra
replicar	verb	oci	répliquer	verb	fra
precision	noun	oci	précision	noun	fra
estruci	noun	oci	autruche	noun	fra
mediatèca	noun	oci	médiathèque	noun	fra
anelada	noun	oci	boucle	noun	fra
Sallent	properNoun	oci	Sallent	properNoun	fra
Ana Maria	properNoun	oci	Ana Maria	properNoun	fra
tautofonia	noun	oci	tautophonie	noun	fra
Palatinat	properNoun	oci	Palatinat	properNoun	fra
desapercebut	adjective	oci	inaperçu	adjective	fra
Lasarte	properNoun	oci	Lasarte	properNoun	fra
misteriosament	adverb	oci	mystérieusement	adverb	fra
incorruptibilitat	noun	oci	incorruptibilité	noun	fra
cap e cul	adverb	oci	tête-bêche	adverb	fra
Collet	properNoun	oci	Collet	properNoun	fra
convidat	adjective	oci	invité	adjective	fra
denóncia	noun	oci	plainte	noun	fra
denóncia	noun	oci	dénonciation	noun	fra
de reverseta	adverb	oci	à la renverse	adverb	fra
Brosseau	properNoun	oci	Brosseau	properNoun	fra
Pelegrí i Aixut	properNoun	oci	Pelegrí i Aixut	properNoun	fra
diabetic	adjective	oci	diabétique	adjective	fra
Villodres	properNoun	oci	Villodres	properNoun	fra
Cuñat	properNoun	oci	Cuñat	properNoun	fra
constitucionalitat	noun	oci	constitutionnalité	noun	fra
restauracion	noun	oci	restauration	noun	fra
inici	noun	oci	début	noun	fra
Rocha	properNoun	oci	Rocha	properNoun	fra
Hollerith	properNoun	oci	Hollerith	properNoun	fra
Whiteley	properNoun	oci	Whiteley	properNoun	fra
Xuclà	properNoun	oci	Xuclà	properNoun	fra
Borris	properNoun	oci	Borris	properNoun	fra
àmbit	noun	oci	cadre	noun	fra
repentent	noun	oci	repentant	noun	fra
pacific	adjective	oci	pacifique	adjective	fra
Gabrièl	properNoun	oci	Gabrièl	properNoun	fra
Leningrad	properNoun	oci	Léningrad	properNoun	fra
Leningrad	properNoun	oci	Leningrad	properNoun	fra
chilen	noun	oci	Chilien	noun	fra
Dorado	properNoun	oci	Dorado	properNoun	fra
Braun	properNoun	oci	Braun	properNoun	fra
Beaulne	properNoun	oci	Beaulne	properNoun	fra
armada	noun	oci	armada	noun	fra
armada	noun	oci	armée	noun	fra
Jordá	properNoun	oci	Jordá	properNoun	fra
Sagem	properNoun	oci	Sagem	properNoun	fra
Antelo	properNoun	oci	Antelo	properNoun	fra
Innocent	properNoun	oci	Innocent	properNoun	fra
telespectador	noun	oci	téléspectateur	noun	fra
ponh	noun	oci	poing	noun	fra
monografia	noun	oci	monographie	noun	fra
marchon	noun	oci	marche	noun	fra
arquevesque	noun	oci	archevêque	noun	fra
microeconomic	adjective	oci	microéconomique	adjective	fra
Pivin	properNoun	oci	Pivin	properNoun	fra
Boyer	properNoun	oci	Boyer	properNoun	fra
Barrante	properNoun	oci	Barrante	properNoun	fra
quantificacion	noun	oci	quantification	noun	fra
atestacion	noun	oci	attestation	noun	fra
min	noun	oci	min	noun	fra
anguièla	noun	oci	anguille	noun	fra
Oviedo	properNoun	oci	Oviedo	properNoun	fra
avet	noun	oci	sapin	noun	fra
pastor	noun	oci	pasteur	noun	fra
mineralizar	verb	oci	minéraliser	verb	fra
expressionista	adjective	oci	expressionniste	adjective	fra
mauve	adjective	oci	mauve	adjective	fra
abreujat	adjective	oci	abrégé	adjective	fra
precarietat	noun	oci	précarité	noun	fra
Pedicelli	properNoun	oci	Pedicelli	properNoun	fra
ordinador	noun	oci	ordinateur	noun	fra
Santerre	properNoun	oci	Santerre	properNoun	fra
Rubén	properNoun	oci	Rubén	properNoun	fra
focalizacion	noun	oci	focalisation	noun	fra
impermeabilitat	noun	oci	imperméabilité	noun	fra
Torreguitart	properNoun	oci	Torreguitart	properNoun	fra
Metternich	properNoun	oci	Metternich	properNoun	fra
Alranq	properNoun	oci	Alranq	properNoun	fra
tractament	noun	oci	traitement	noun	fra
Vanderbilt	properNoun	oci	Vanderbilt	properNoun	fra
anfetamina	noun	oci	amphétamine	noun	fra
Milord	properNoun	oci	Milord	properNoun	fra
uòu	noun	oci	œuf	noun	fra
reconéisher	verb	oci	reconnaître	verb	fra
Thurston	properNoun	oci	Thurston	properNoun	fra
Valldaura	properNoun	oci	Valldaura	properNoun	fra
vicereialtat	noun	oci	vice-royauté	noun	fra
Dufour	properNoun	oci	Dufour	properNoun	fra
Campderrós	properNoun	oci	Campderrós	properNoun	fra
Salvas	properNoun	oci	Salvas	properNoun	fra
mar d'Aral	properNoun	oci	mer d'Aral	properNoun	fra
ortodòxe	noun	oci	orthodoxe	noun	fra
Albiñana	properNoun	oci	Albiñana	properNoun	fra
Stalin	properNoun	oci	Staline	properNoun	fra
Stalin	properNoun	oci	Stalin	properNoun	fra
canonièr	noun	oci	canonnier	noun	fra
Hawking	properNoun	oci	Hawking	properNoun	fra
rude	adjective	oci	rude	adjective	fra
esbraçat	adjective	oci	manchot	adjective	fra
quilò	noun	oci	kilo	noun	fra
un pauc aprèp	adverb	oci	un peu après	adverb	fra
Granero	properNoun	oci	Granero	properNoun	fra
incentiu	noun	oci	stimulant	noun	fra
constrenta	noun	oci	contrainte	noun	fra
cremadura	noun	oci	brûlure	noun	fra
culpar	verb	oci	blâmer	verb	fra
Van	properNoun	oci	Van	properNoun	fra
util	adjective	oci	utile	adjective	fra
Branconnier	properNoun	oci	Branconnier	properNoun	fra
Cejas	properNoun	oci	Cejas	properNoun	fra
alteritat	noun	oci	altérité	noun	fra
Icart	properNoun	oci	Icart	properNoun	fra
reblar	verb	oci	remblayer	verb	fra
Keith	properNoun	oci	Keith	properNoun	fra
a vegadas	adverb	oci	parfois	adverb	fra
continualament	adverb	oci	continuellement	adverb	fra
uèit	numeral	oci	huit	numeral	fra
estigmata	noun	oci	stigmate	noun	fra
capelan	noun	oci	curé	noun	fra
capelan	noun	oci	capelan	noun	fra
Huaman	properNoun	oci	Huaman	properNoun	fra
unificat	adjective	oci	unifié	adjective	fra
nominatiu	noun	oci	nominatif	noun	fra
Graham	properNoun	oci	Graham	properNoun	fra
Veer	properNoun	oci	Veer	properNoun	fra
acropòli	noun	oci	acropole	noun	fra
Manolo	properNoun	oci	Manolo	properNoun	fra
teologian	noun	oci	théologien	noun	fra
massa	noun	oci	masse	noun	fra
Lynne	properNoun	oci	Lynne	properNoun	fra
mamifèr	noun	oci	mammifère	noun	fra
marèa	noun	oci	marée	noun	fra
Mendez	properNoun	oci	Mendez	properNoun	fra
gaudèla	noun	oci	lèchefrite	noun	fra
Jansen	properNoun	oci	Jansen	properNoun	fra
ocasion	noun	oci	occasion	noun	fra
EA	properNoun	oci	EA	properNoun	fra
Kalocsay	properNoun	oci	Kalocsay	properNoun	fra
dificultar	verb	oci	gêner	verb	fra
Vanaclocha	properNoun	oci	Vanaclocha	properNoun	fra
armèni	noun	oci	arménien	noun	fra
André	properNoun	oci	André	properNoun	fra
Théo	properNoun	oci	Théo	properNoun	fra
organizar	verb	oci	organiser	verb	fra
procession	noun	oci	procession	noun	fra
Bonin	properNoun	oci	Bonin	properNoun	fra
Marquette	properNoun	oci	Marquette	properNoun	fra
Descormiers	properNoun	oci	Descormiers	properNoun	fra
Bicarregui	properNoun	oci	Bicarregui	properNoun	fra
Pierre	properNoun	oci	Pierre	properNoun	fra
Wu	properNoun	oci	Wu	properNoun	fra
policièr	adjective	oci	policier	adjective	fra
motociclisme	noun	oci	motocyclisme	noun	fra
Fortin	properNoun	oci	Fortin	properNoun	fra
automaticament	adverb	oci	automatiquement	adverb	fra
nervositat	noun	oci	nervosité	noun	fra
Morbihan	properNoun	oci	Morbihan	properNoun	fra
biomassa	noun	oci	biomasse	noun	fra
vinagrièr	noun	oci	vinaigrier	noun	fra
quimia	noun	oci	chimie	noun	fra
horaviar	verb	oci	égarer	verb	fra
preciós	adjective	oci	précieux	adjective	fra
detectiu	noun	oci	détective	noun	fra
ajudar	verb	oci	aider	verb	fra
Blin	properNoun	oci	Blin	properNoun	fra
bambó	noun	oci	bambou	noun	fra
Lalli	properNoun	oci	Lalli	properNoun	fra
cilindric	adjective	oci	cylindrique	adjective	fra
Gancitano	properNoun	oci	Gancitano	properNoun	fra
dominican	adjective	oci	dominicain	adjective	fra
benestar	noun	oci	bien-être	noun	fra
modèst	noun	oci	modeste	noun	fra
divertir	verb	oci	amuser	verb	fra
divertir	verb	oci	divertir	verb	fra
ipnòsi	noun	oci	hypnose	noun	fra
Blanqué	properNoun	oci	Blanqué	properNoun	fra
Crick	properNoun	oci	Crick	properNoun	fra
de Luca	properNoun	oci	de Luca	properNoun	fra
von Würmser	properNoun	oci	von Würmser	properNoun	fra
Asin	properNoun	oci	Asin	properNoun	fra
gampa	noun	oci	gaupe	noun	fra
Carbonés	properNoun	oci	Carbonés	properNoun	fra
doç	adverb	oci	doux	adverb	fra
evocacion	noun	oci	évocation	noun	fra
Etxaniz	properNoun	oci	Etxaniz	properNoun	fra
Guillén	properNoun	oci	Guillén	properNoun	fra
internament	noun	oci	internement	noun	fra
ebrèu	noun	oci	hébreu	noun	fra
departement	noun	oci	département	noun	fra
clèsc	noun	oci	coque	noun	fra
canalizacion	noun	oci	canalisation	noun	fra
emancipar	verb	oci	émanciper	verb	fra
Amenabar	properNoun	oci	Amenabar	properNoun	fra
Portaña	properNoun	oci	Portaña	properNoun	fra
Aar	properNoun	oci	Aar	properNoun	fra
Privé	properNoun	oci	Privé	properNoun	fra
Berardi	properNoun	oci	Berardi	properNoun	fra
en mai de	preposition	oci	en plus de	preposition	fra
Vernier	properNoun	oci	Vernier	properNoun	fra
metamorfòsi	noun	oci	métamorphose	noun	fra
Kang	properNoun	oci	Kang	properNoun	fra
orgulhós	adjective	oci	orgueilleux	adjective	fra
Lesieur	properNoun	oci	Lesieur	properNoun	fra
paupeta	noun	oci	paupière	noun	fra
musicaire	adjective	oci	musicien	adjective	fra
Sambola	properNoun	oci	Sambola	properNoun	fra
ipocentre	noun	oci	hypocentre	noun	fra
desconcertant	adjective	oci	déconcertant	adjective	fra
del Cerro	properNoun	oci	del Cerro	properNoun	fra
Piquette	properNoun	oci	Piquette	properNoun	fra
acabat	adjective	oci	fini	adjective	fra
ejaculacion	noun	oci	éjaculation	noun	fra
chantièr	noun	oci	chantier	noun	fra
Luis	properNoun	oci	Luis	properNoun	fra
Echalook	properNoun	oci	Echalook	properNoun	fra
Hilary	properNoun	oci	Hilary	properNoun	fra
expropiacion	noun	oci	expropriation	noun	fra
resurgéncia	noun	oci	résurgence	noun	fra
provenent	adjective	oci	provenant	adjective	fra
deliciosament	adverb	oci	délicieusement	adverb	fra
Quiles	properNoun	oci	Quiles	properNoun	fra
referendum	noun	oci	référendum	noun	fra
miòp	noun	oci	myope	noun	fra
espada	noun	oci	épée	noun	fra
elògi	noun	oci	éloge	noun	fra
punchar	verb	oci	piquer	verb	fra
madrilenc	noun	oci	Madrilène	noun	fra
silenci	noun	oci	silence	noun	fra
Tourigny	properNoun	oci	Tourigny	properNoun	fra
Macdonald	properNoun	oci	Macdonald	properNoun	fra
ingeréncia	noun	oci	ingérence	noun	fra
Rifa	properNoun	oci	Rifa	properNoun	fra
Chiara	properNoun	oci	Chiara	properNoun	fra
Vitale	properNoun	oci	Vitale	properNoun	fra
69n	adjective	oci	69ème	adjective	fra
Cardona	properNoun	oci	Cardona	properNoun	fra
sincronizacion	noun	oci	synchronisation	noun	fra
simpatizant	noun	oci	sympathisant	noun	fra
uechanta sièis	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-six	numeral	fra
Portillo	properNoun	oci	Portillo	properNoun	fra
Isidòr	properNoun	oci	Isidore	properNoun	fra
Isidòr	properNoun	oci	Isidò=np/>	properNoun	fra
transpirar	verb	oci	transpirer	verb	fra
36n	adjective	oci	36ème	adjective	fra
escaquièr	noun	oci	échiquier	noun	fra
instigador	noun	oci	instigateur	noun	fra
menopausa	noun	oci	ménopause	noun	fra
Voltaire	properNoun	oci	Voltaire	properNoun	fra
antropometria	noun	oci	anthropométrie	noun	fra
pantre	adjective	oci	rustre	adjective	fra
Seaborg	properNoun	oci	Seaborg	properNoun	fra
preferit	adjective	oci	préféré	adjective	fra
Waxman	properNoun	oci	Waxman	properNoun	fra
Campisi	properNoun	oci	Campisi	properNoun	fra
Bufi	properNoun	oci	Bufi	properNoun	fra
ien	noun	oci	yen	noun	fra
Lagüe	properNoun	oci	Lagüe	properNoun	fra
Broomfield	properNoun	oci	Broomfield	properNoun	fra
Rull	properNoun	oci	Rull	properNoun	fra
Microsoft	properNoun	oci	Microsoft	properNoun	fra
actualizacion	noun	oci	actualisation	noun	fra
calc	noun	oci	calque	noun	fra
Grimau	properNoun	oci	Grimau	properNoun	fra
enjusca	preposition	oci	jusque	preposition	fra
Slim	properNoun	oci	Slim	properNoun	fra
pigassa	noun	oci	hache	noun	fra
Fortuny	properNoun	oci	Fortuny	properNoun	fra
Whalley	properNoun	oci	Whalley	properNoun	fra
Gatineau	properNoun	oci	Gatineau	properNoun	fra
Lutfy	properNoun	oci	Lutfy	properNoun	fra
Moret	properNoun	oci	Moret	properNoun	fra
Escalera	properNoun	oci	Escalera	properNoun	fra
Ané	properNoun	oci	Ané	properNoun	fra
psicoterapia	noun	oci	psychothérapie	noun	fra
brasilian	adjective	oci	brésilien	adjective	fra
Rossell	properNoun	oci	Rossell	properNoun	fra
argerian	adjective	oci	algérien	adjective	fra
Guerra	properNoun	oci	Guerra	properNoun	fra
Stefan	properNoun	oci	Stefan	properNoun	fra
Moragues i Mas	properNoun	oci	Moragues i Mas	properNoun	fra
Tawil	properNoun	oci	Tawil	properNoun	fra
moralizar	verb	oci	moraliser	verb	fra
Debigare	properNoun	oci	Debigare	properNoun	fra
linear	adjective	oci	linéaire	adjective	fra
nosèl	noun	oci	nœud	noun	fra
a costat	adverb	oci	à côté	adverb	fra
pneumatic	noun	oci	pneumatique	noun	fra
qualificar	verb	oci	qualifier	verb	fra
Rosetta	properNoun	oci	Rosetta	properNoun	fra
Duaigües	properNoun	oci	Duaigües	properNoun	fra
oportunisme	noun	oci	opportunisme	noun	fra
croat	noun	oci	croate	noun	fra
Moncton	properNoun	oci	Moncton	properNoun	fra
Ronaldinho	properNoun	oci	Ronaldinho	properNoun	fra
narcotic	adjective	oci	narcotique	adjective	fra
a còps de	preposition	oci	à coup de	preposition	fra
Ybars	properNoun	oci	Ybars	properNoun	fra
Baselga	properNoun	oci	Baselga	properNoun	fra
Mas i Gavarró	properNoun	oci	Mas i Gavarró	properNoun	fra
rivatèl	noun	oci	ruisselet	noun	fra
enveja	noun	oci	envie	noun	fra
Euskaltel	properNoun	oci	Euskaltel	properNoun	fra
significat	noun	oci	signifié	noun	fra
Tió	properNoun	oci	Tió	properNoun	fra
valid	adjective	oci	valide	adjective	fra
Raya	properNoun	oci	Raya	properNoun	fra
Corèas	properNoun	oci	Corées	properNoun	fra
clastra	noun	oci	cloître	noun	fra
aconjadament	noun	oci	licenciement	noun	fra
6n	adjective	oci	6ème	adjective	fra
aprenentatge	noun	oci	apprentissage	noun	fra
validacion	noun	oci	validation	noun	fra
Cedo	properNoun	oci	Cedo	properNoun	fra
viscositat	noun	oci	viscosité	noun	fra
Mendo	properNoun	oci	Mendo	properNoun	fra
Daraiche	properNoun	oci	Daraiche	properNoun	fra
Òslo	properNoun	oci	Oslo	properNoun	fra
libanés	noun	oci	Libanais	noun	fra
pastre	noun	oci	berger	noun	fra
Paulhus	properNoun	oci	Paulhus	properNoun	fra
Arakistain	properNoun	oci	Arakistain	properNoun	fra
adventici	adjective	oci	adventice	adjective	fra
bodenflitge	noun	oci	hydropisie	noun	fra
Prieto	properNoun	oci	Prieto	properNoun	fra
betacisme	noun	oci	bétalisme	noun	fra
Lorda	properNoun	oci	Lourdes	properNoun	fra
elitisme	noun	oci	élitisme	noun	fra
fuselatge	noun	oci	fuselage	noun	fra
Viard	properNoun	oci	Viard	properNoun	fra
illòt	noun	oci	îlot	noun	fra
sinonim	adjective	oci	synonyme	adjective	fra
Navarro	properNoun	oci	Navarro	properNoun	fra
brigada	noun	oci	brigade	noun	fra
congelar	verb	oci	congeler	verb	fra
escambiar	verb	oci	échanger	verb	fra
claudicacion	noun	oci	claudication	noun	fra
marginalizat	adjective	oci	marginalisé	adjective	fra
St-Aubin	properNoun	oci	St-Aubin	properNoun	fra
Ferraz	properNoun	oci	Ferraz	properNoun	fra
calligraf	noun	oci	calligraphe	noun	fra
edulcorant	noun	oci	édulcorant	noun	fra
Suarez	properNoun	oci	Suarez	properNoun	fra
Jordania	properNoun	oci	Jordanie	properNoun	fra
Cadotte	properNoun	oci	Cadotte	properNoun	fra
legalizacion	noun	oci	légalisation	noun	fra
aumens	adverb	oci	au moins	adverb	fra
collectivizar	verb	oci	collectiviser	verb	fra
Casey	properNoun	oci	Casey	properNoun	fra
quantic	adjective	oci	quantique	adjective	fra
revolucionari	noun	oci	révolutionnaire	noun	fra
Taoufik	properNoun	oci	Taoufik	properNoun	fra
Inukpuk	properNoun	oci	Inukpuk	properNoun	fra
opolanda	noun	oci	houppelande	noun	fra
mas	noun	oci	ferme	noun	fra
inferir	verb	oci	inférer	verb	fra
auançar	verb	oci	avancer	verb	fra
Carboni	properNoun	oci	Carboni	properNoun	fra
introduccion	noun	oci	introduction	noun	fra
intensificacion	noun	oci	intensification	noun	fra
LPR	noun	oci	LPR	noun	fra
Ledoux	properNoun	oci	Ledoux	properNoun	fra
parpèla	noun	oci	paupière	noun	fra
parpèla	noun	oci	chassie	noun	fra
enquadrar	verb	oci	encadrer	verb	fra
jonqueta	noun	oci	nage	noun	fra
al mièg de	preposition	oci	au milieu de	preposition	fra
bensai	adverb	oci	peut-être	adverb	fra
Rodas	properNoun	oci	Rodas	properNoun	fra
saut	noun	oci	chute	noun	fra
saut	noun	oci	saut	noun	fra
Nepton	properNoun	oci	Nepton	properNoun	fra
Barbosa	properNoun	oci	Barbosa	properNoun	fra
Mongeau	properNoun	oci	Mongeau	properNoun	fra
Caubet	properNoun	oci	Caubet	properNoun	fra
còstarican	noun	oci	Costaricien	noun	fra
Buil	properNoun	oci	Buil	properNoun	fra
Lirette	properNoun	oci	Lirette	properNoun	fra
Downs	properNoun	oci	Downs	properNoun	fra
ellenizar	verb	oci	helléniser	verb	fra
safic	adjective	oci	saphique	adjective	fra
Real Sociedad	properNoun	oci	Real Sociedad	properNoun	fra
tre que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	aussitôt que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
tre que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	dès que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
bòrda	noun	oci	ferme	noun	fra
pensada	noun	oci	pensée	noun	fra
inaccessible	adjective	oci	inaccessible	adjective	fra
dotzau	adjective	oci	douzième	adjective	fra
oitanta tres	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-trois	numeral	fra
contienedor	noun	oci	conteneur	noun	fra
Interrante	properNoun	oci	Interrante	properNoun	fra
gàbia	noun	oci	cage	noun	fra
Aspa	properNoun	oci	Aspa	properNoun	fra
realista	noun	oci	réaliste	noun	fra
Ardouin	properNoun	oci	Ardouin	properNoun	fra
maquinar	verb	oci	machiner	verb	fra
comprométer	verb	oci	compromettre	verb	fra
commemoratiu	adjective	oci	commémoratif	adjective	fra
Snape	properNoun	oci	Snape	properNoun	fra
Molera	properNoun	oci	Molera	properNoun	fra
mejancièr	noun	oci	intermédiaire	noun	fra
maritime	adjective	oci	maritime	adjective	fra
quaranta sièis	numeral	oci	quarante-six	numeral	fra
bòria	noun	oci	ferme	noun	fra
Ruiz de Villa	properNoun	oci	Ruiz de Villa	properNoun	fra
Dumais	properNoun	oci	Dumais	properNoun	fra
Qing	properNoun	oci	Qing	properNoun	fra
Schittone	properNoun	oci	Schittone	properNoun	fra
samoan	noun	oci	Samoan	noun	fra
Chedore	properNoun	oci	Chedore	properNoun	fra
Curotte	properNoun	oci	Curotte	properNoun	fra
pelegrin	noun	oci	pèlerin	noun	fra
Boucher	properNoun	oci	Boucher	properNoun	fra
Mei	properNoun	oci	Mei	properNoun	fra
Zagrèb	properNoun	oci	Zagreb	properNoun	fra
Casulleras	properNoun	oci	Casulleras	properNoun	fra
Llebaria	properNoun	oci	Llebaria	properNoun	fra
Pöttering	properNoun	oci	Pöttering	properNoun	fra
aténher	verb	oci	atteindre	verb	fra
frairiá	noun	oci	confrérie	noun	fra
mesquita	noun	oci	mosquée	noun	fra
bachillerat	noun	oci	baccalauréat	noun	fra
Giraud	properNoun	oci	Giraud	properNoun	fra
Sedeño	properNoun	oci	Sedeño	properNoun	fra
Granda Bretanha	properNoun	oci	Grande-Bretagne	properNoun	fra
amaluc	noun	oci	fémur	noun	fra
von Eskeles	properNoun	oci	von Eskeles	properNoun	fra
Dieguez	properNoun	oci	Dieguez	properNoun	fra
Rodgers	properNoun	oci	Rodgers	properNoun	fra
convocacion	noun	oci	convocation	noun	fra
Solá	properNoun	oci	Solá	properNoun	fra
còrda	noun	oci	corde	noun	fra
escaire	noun	oci	équerre	noun	fra
vinhal	noun	oci	vignoble	noun	fra
Danton	properNoun	oci	Danton	properNoun	fra
Crichton	properNoun	oci	Crichton	properNoun	fra
Bourgelas	properNoun	oci	Bourgelas	properNoun	fra
Melgosa	properNoun	oci	Melgosa	properNoun	fra
Gabaldón	properNoun	oci	Gabaldón	properNoun	fra
Larente	properNoun	oci	Larente	properNoun	fra
Zabalondo	properNoun	oci	Zabalondo	properNoun	fra
exceptat que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	excepté que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
interpelar	verb	oci	interpeller	verb	fra
Sacha	properNoun	oci	Sacha	properNoun	fra
sorire	noun	oci	sourire	noun	fra
includir	verb	oci	inclure	verb	fra
Yolanda	properNoun	oci	Yolanda	properNoun	fra
cinic	noun	oci	cynique	noun	fra
flaira	noun	oci	odeur	noun	fra
Sellathurai	properNoun	oci	Sellathurai	properNoun	fra
Dolors	properNoun	oci	Dolors	properNoun	fra
Deckard	properNoun	oci	Deckard	properNoun	fra
rosegaire	adjective	oci	rongeur	adjective	fra
cresent	adjective	oci	croyant	adjective	fra
filmologia	noun	oci	filmologie	noun	fra
constructiu	adjective	oci	constructif	adjective	fra
Gadbois	properNoun	oci	Gadbois	properNoun	fra
sceptic	adjective	oci	sceptique	adjective	fra
polimerasa	noun	oci	polymérase	noun	fra
Hadnagy	properNoun	oci	Hadnagy	properNoun	fra
bauç	noun	oci	falaise	noun	fra
bauç	noun	oci	escarpement	noun	fra
abracar	verb	oci	abréger	verb	fra
Whissell	properNoun	oci	Whissell	properNoun	fra
latent	adjective	oci	latent	adjective	fra
Genna	properNoun	oci	Genna	properNoun	fra
June	properNoun	oci	June	properNoun	fra
Wellington	properNoun	oci	Wellington	properNoun	fra
recebre	verb	oci	recevoir	verb	fra
Arabi	properNoun	oci	Arabi	properNoun	fra
Edith	properNoun	oci	Edith	properNoun	fra
York	properNoun	oci	York	properNoun	fra
Sartori	properNoun	oci	Sartori	properNoun	fra
Hanes	properNoun	oci	Hanes	properNoun	fra
antioxidant	noun	oci	antioxydant	noun	fra
nefaste	adjective	oci	néfaste	adjective	fra
Green	properNoun	oci	Green	properNoun	fra
Gael	properNoun	oci	Gael	properNoun	fra
Cuadrado	properNoun	oci	Cuadrado	properNoun	fra
Regueiro	properNoun	oci	Regueiro	properNoun	fra
ostracisme	noun	oci	ostracisme	noun	fra
bestiar	noun	oci	bétail	noun	fra
clarejar	verb	oci	commencer à faire jour	verb	fra
Glenda	properNoun	oci	Glenda	properNoun	fra
Forgues	properNoun	oci	Forgues	properNoun	fra
Flintstones	properNoun	oci	Flintstones	properNoun	fra
actinic	adjective	oci	actinique	adjective	fra
prononciat	adjective	oci	prononcé	adjective	fra
Fagnant	properNoun	oci	Fagnant	properNoun	fra
l'endeman	adverb	oci	le lendemain	adverb	fra
Hogue	properNoun	oci	Hogue	properNoun	fra
apòcopa	noun	oci	apocope	noun	fra
claus	adjective	oci	clos	adjective	fra
Geremek	properNoun	oci	Geremek	properNoun	fra
en acòrd amb	preposition	oci	en accord avec	preposition	fra
sèti	noun	oci	siège	noun	fra
Caiza	properNoun	oci	Caiza	properNoun	fra
Cassandre	properNoun	oci	Cassandre	properNoun	fra
Bayern	properNoun	oci	Bayern	properNoun	fra
exterminar	verb	oci	exterminer	verb	fra
Kameni	properNoun	oci	Kameni	properNoun	fra
lexia	noun	oci	lexie	noun	fra
pilon	noun	oci	pilon	noun	fra
pilon	noun	oci	pilier	noun	fra
Mauricio	properNoun	oci	Mauricio	properNoun	fra
Duesberg	properNoun	oci	Duesberg	properNoun	fra
Ignasi	properNoun	oci	Ignasi	properNoun	fra
òrre	adjective	oci	abominable	adjective	fra
òrre	adjective	oci	horrible	adjective	fra
Dalessandro	properNoun	oci	Dalessandro	properNoun	fra
Castonguay	properNoun	oci	Castonguay	properNoun	fra
aprovat	adjective	oci	approuvé	adjective	fra
bombardièr	adjective	oci	bombardier	adjective	fra
Sun	properNoun	oci	Sun	properNoun	fra
manjar	noun	oci	manger	noun	fra
manjar	noun	oci	nourriture	noun	fra
Reynoso	properNoun	oci	Reynoso	properNoun	fra
conduire	verb	oci	piloter	verb	fra
conduire	verb	oci	conduire	verb	fra
terapeutic	adjective	oci	thérapeutique	adjective	fra
trebolat	adjective	oci	troublé	adjective	fra
Jodar	properNoun	oci	Jodar	properNoun	fra
ocular	adjective	oci	oculaire	adjective	fra
mièlhs	adverb	oci	mieux	adverb	fra
Sennett	properNoun	oci	Sennett	properNoun	fra
Thériault	properNoun	oci	Thériault	properNoun	fra
Mañas	properNoun	oci	Mañas	properNoun	fra
temporàriament	adverb	oci	temporairement	adverb	fra
terrorista	adjective	oci	terroriste	adjective	fra
Rolfe	properNoun	oci	Rolfe	properNoun	fra
obligatòriament	adverb	oci	obligatoirement	adverb	fra
al-Zawahiri	properNoun	oci	al-Zawahiri	properNoun	fra
Brulotte	properNoun	oci	Brulotte	properNoun	fra
crus	noun	oci	cru	noun	fra
von Lodron	properNoun	oci	von Lodron	properNoun	fra
Bueso	properNoun	oci	Bueso	properNoun	fra
von Liebig	properNoun	oci	von Liebig	properNoun	fra
aute	adjective	oci	autre	adjective	fra
Thévenet	properNoun	oci	Thévenet	properNoun	fra
inerent	adjective	oci	inhérent	adjective	fra
disseminar	verb	oci	disséminer	verb	fra
Andonegi	properNoun	oci	Andonegi	properNoun	fra
ataraxia	noun	oci	ataraxie	noun	fra
von Weichs	properNoun	oci	von Weichs	properNoun	fra
Cadenato	properNoun	oci	Cadenato	properNoun	fra
ensemble	adverb	oci	ensemble	adverb	fra
craniometria	noun	oci	craniométrie	noun	fra
Bauer	properNoun	oci	Bauer	properNoun	fra
gratitud	noun	oci	gratitude	noun	fra
Violette	properNoun	oci	Violette	properNoun	fra
Benwell	properNoun	oci	Benwell	properNoun	fra
Ramsès	properNoun	oci	Ramsès	properNoun	fra
arderós	adjective	oci	ardent	adjective	fra
Esteba	properNoun	oci	Esteba	properNoun	fra
condensar	verb	oci	condenser	verb	fra
Atallah	properNoun	oci	Atallah	properNoun	fra
Fayos	properNoun	oci	Fayos	properNoun	fra
Griffith	properNoun	oci	Griffith	properNoun	fra
Campanelli	properNoun	oci	Campanelli	properNoun	fra
Montesquieu	properNoun	oci	Montesquieu	properNoun	fra
Artola	properNoun	oci	Artola	properNoun	fra
combinat	noun	oci	combiné	noun	fra
Agundez	properNoun	oci	Agundez	properNoun	fra
ipocrisia	noun	oci	hypocrisie	noun	fra
Pavía	properNoun	oci	Pavía	properNoun	fra
Clermont	properNoun	oci	Clermont	properNoun	fra
predominant	adjective	oci	prédominant	adjective	fra
batariá	noun	oci	batterie	noun	fra
dessus	adverb	oci	en dessus	adverb	fra
Palomino	properNoun	oci	Palomino	properNoun	fra
Valentin	properNoun	oci	Valentin	properNoun	fra
entrepresa	noun	oci	entreprise	noun	fra
Bannon	properNoun	oci	Bannon	properNoun	fra
hall	noun	oci	hall	noun	fra
injustament	adverb	oci	injustement	adverb	fra
a la fin de	preposition	oci	à la fin de	preposition	fra
Salois	properNoun	oci	Salois	properNoun	fra
pan	noun	oci	pain	noun	fra
annelid	noun	oci	annélide	noun	fra
Klaus	properNoun	oci	Klaus	properNoun	fra
del Amo	properNoun	oci	del Amo	properNoun	fra
Périard	properNoun	oci	Périard	properNoun	fra
von Münchhausen	properNoun	oci	von Münchhausen	properNoun	fra
Croisetière	properNoun	oci	Croisetière	properNoun	fra
solitud	noun	oci	solitude	noun	fra
Fogel	properNoun	oci	Fogel	properNoun	fra
aritmetica	noun	oci	arithmétique	noun	fra
mendelian	adjective	oci	mendélien	adjective	fra
importador	noun	oci	importateur	noun	fra
Alma	properNoun	oci	Alma	properNoun	fra
hitge	noun	oci	foie	noun	fra
abile	adjective	oci	habile	adjective	fra
ionizacion	noun	oci	ionisation	noun	fra
avinença	noun	oci	affabilité	noun	fra
Walker	properNoun	oci	Walker	properNoun	fra
Poissant	properNoun	oci	Poissant	properNoun	fra
integrista	adjective	oci	intégriste	adjective	fra
refondacion	noun	oci	refondation	noun	fra
Huerta	properNoun	oci	Huerta	properNoun	fra
Llao	properNoun	oci	Llao	properNoun	fra
torment	noun	oci	tourment	noun	fra
Gray	properNoun	oci	Gray	properNoun	fra
m	noun	oci	m	noun	fra
terapeutica	noun	oci	thérapeutique	noun	fra
Classic	properNoun	oci	Classic	properNoun	fra
indisponibililtat	noun	oci	indisponibilité	noun	fra
apondre	verb	oci	ajouter	verb	fra
modelizacion	noun	oci	modélisation	noun	fra
Becerro	properNoun	oci	Becerro	properNoun	fra
Bird	properNoun	oci	Bird	properNoun	fra
Nàpols	properNoun	oci	Naples	properNoun	fra
estatsunian	noun	oci	Américain	noun	fra
Repullés	properNoun	oci	Repullés	properNoun	fra
sionista	noun	oci	sioniste	noun	fra
Kiev	properNoun	oci	Kiev	properNoun	fra
greujar	verb	oci	léser	verb	fra
enfin	adverb	oci	enfin	adverb	fra
Matthams	properNoun	oci	Matthams	properNoun	fra
seissanta nau	numeral	oci	soixante-neuf	numeral	fra
Revolvo	properNoun	oci	Revolvo	properNoun	fra
Guirado	properNoun	oci	Guirado	properNoun	fra
Ionesco	properNoun	oci	Ionesco	properNoun	fra
amiralh	noun	oci	amiral	noun	fra
fornet	noun	oci	poêle	noun	fra
creishent	adjective	oci	croissant	adjective	fra
adagi	noun	oci	adage	noun	fra
Preece	properNoun	oci	Preece	properNoun	fra
peteta	noun	oci	poupée	noun	fra
Corbalán	properNoun	oci	Corbalán	properNoun	fra
istoricitat	noun	oci	historicité	noun	fra
pessimista	adjective	oci	pessimiste	adjective	fra
idrolisi	noun	oci	hydrolyse	noun	fra
Zurbarán	properNoun	oci	Zurbarán	properNoun	fra
de bescaire	adverb	oci	de travers	adverb	fra
verenor	noun	oci	venimosité	noun	fra
banquièr	noun	oci	banquier	noun	fra
Popa	properNoun	oci	Popa	properNoun	fra
Pey	properNoun	oci	Pey	properNoun	fra
Dow	properNoun	oci	Dow	properNoun	fra
Curia	properNoun	oci	Curia	properNoun	fra
davantal	noun	oci	tablier	noun	fra
St-Marseille	properNoun	oci	St-Marseille	properNoun	fra
simpòsi	noun	oci	symposium	noun	fra
requeréncia	noun	oci	demande	noun	fra
Lakers	properNoun	oci	Lakers	properNoun	fra
Barragán	properNoun	oci	Barragán	properNoun	fra
Duval	properNoun	oci	Duval	properNoun	fra
Grothé	properNoun	oci	Grothé	properNoun	fra
metabolit	noun	oci	métabolite	noun	fra
venir	noun	oci	devenir	noun	fra
Chilton	properNoun	oci	Chilton	properNoun	fra
Escriba	properNoun	oci	Escriba	properNoun	fra
rassegurar	verb	oci	rassurer	verb	fra
devastar	verb	oci	dévaster	verb	fra
baromètre	noun	oci	baromètre	noun	fra
avugle	adjective	oci	aveugle	adjective	fra
Cuartero	properNoun	oci	Cuartero	properNoun	fra
tèsi	noun	oci	thèse	noun	fra
captatge	noun	oci	captage	noun	fra
majuscula	noun	oci	majuscule	noun	fra
Lucienne	properNoun	oci	Lucienne	properNoun	fra
Menchon	properNoun	oci	Menchon	properNoun	fra
Mollà	properNoun	oci	Mollà	properNoun	fra
eliocentric	adjective	oci	héliocentrique	adjective	fra
Hazen	properNoun	oci	Hazen	properNoun	fra
promiscuitat	noun	oci	promiscuité	noun	fra
negativa	noun	oci	négative	noun	fra
Tello	properNoun	oci	Tello	properNoun	fra
Arnaus	properNoun	oci	Arnaus	properNoun	fra
Rafa	properNoun	oci	Rafa	properNoun	fra
Contant	properNoun	oci	Contant	properNoun	fra
adriatic	adjective	oci	adriatique	adjective	fra
ideologicament	adverb	oci	idéologiquement	adverb	fra
Palestina	properNoun	oci	Palestine	properNoun	fra
entram	preposition	oci	entre	preposition	fra
decènni	noun	oci	décennie	noun	fra
doblidar	verb	oci	oublier	verb	fra
Husserl	properNoun	oci	Husserl	properNoun	fra
ventilador	noun	oci	ventilateur	noun	fra
Johns	properNoun	oci	Johns	properNoun	fra
rodatge	noun	oci	tournage	noun	fra
Julen	properNoun	oci	Julen	properNoun	fra
nautic	adjective	oci	nautique	adjective	fra
sud	adjective	oci	sud	adjective	fra
interferéncia	noun	oci	interférence	noun	fra
Abraham	properNoun	oci	Abraham	properNoun	fra
vespralh	noun	oci	goûter	noun	fra
vespralh	noun	oci	gouter	noun	fra
expirar	verb	oci	expirer	verb	fra
consèrva	noun	oci	conserve	noun	fra
nasilhament	noun	oci	nasillement	noun	fra
occitanista	noun	oci	occitaniste	noun	fra
fonsor	noun	oci	profondeur	noun	fra
Discovery	properNoun	oci	Discovery	properNoun	fra
corala	noun	oci	chorale	noun	fra
direccion	noun	oci	direction	noun	fra
desvitrificar	verb	oci	dévitrifier	verb	fra
buhar	verb	oci	souffler	verb	fra
Ducas	properNoun	oci	Ducas	properNoun	fra
sufisença	noun	oci	suffisance	noun	fra
trapèla	noun	oci	piège	noun	fra
Kamenev	properNoun	oci	Kamenev	properNoun	fra
Sanofi-Aventis	properNoun	oci	Sanofi-Aventis	properNoun	fra
Mesquida	properNoun	oci	Mesquida	properNoun	fra
luneta	noun	oci	lunette	noun	fra
bofar	verb	oci	souffler	verb	fra
seropositiu	adjective	oci	séropositif	adjective	fra
marmalha	noun	oci	marmaille	noun	fra
Miñana	properNoun	oci	Miñana	properNoun	fra
adulterin	adjective	oci	adultérin	adjective	fra
ribièra	noun	oci	rivière	noun	fra
Lukas	properNoun	oci	Lukas	properNoun	fra
reiteratiu	adjective	oci	réitératif	adjective	fra
Masson	properNoun	oci	Masson	properNoun	fra
brenica	noun	oci	miette	noun	fra
empoisonar	verb	oci	empoisonner	verb	fra
safir	noun	oci	saphir	noun	fra
Michetti	properNoun	oci	Michetti	properNoun	fra
Güell	properNoun	oci	Güell	properNoun	fra
Cáliz	properNoun	oci	Cáliz	properNoun	fra
Nòu Brunswick	properNoun	oci	Nouveau-Brunswick	properNoun	fra
tanben	adverb	oci	également	adverb	fra
tanben	adverb	oci	aussi	adverb	fra
Damasc	properNoun	oci	Damas	properNoun	fra
Baiges	properNoun	oci	Baiges	properNoun	fra
Grosjean	properNoun	oci	Grosjean	properNoun	fra
presentacion	noun	oci	présentation	noun	fra
jaupar	verb	oci	japper	verb	fra
Meya	properNoun	oci	Meya	properNoun	fra
Tugues	properNoun	oci	Tugues	properNoun	fra
Blyton	properNoun	oci	Blyton	properNoun	fra
Scala	properNoun	oci	Scala	properNoun	fra
Marinelli	properNoun	oci	Marinelli	properNoun	fra
Guirao	properNoun	oci	Guirao	properNoun	fra
usurpar	verb	oci	usurper	verb	fra
Mulhouse	properNoun	oci	Mulhouse	properNoun	fra
Stuttgart	properNoun	oci	Stuttgart	properNoun	fra
seguida	noun	oci	série	noun	fra
seguida	noun	oci	suite	noun	fra
rega	noun	oci	sillon	noun	fra
Pedneault	properNoun	oci	Pedneault	properNoun	fra
Puche	properNoun	oci	Puche	properNoun	fra
McVeigh	properNoun	oci	McVeigh	properNoun	fra
Maradona	properNoun	oci	Maradona	properNoun	fra
Viedma	properNoun	oci	Viedma	properNoun	fra
Harvey	properNoun	oci	Harvey	properNoun	fra
islam	noun	oci	islam	noun	fra
Belcourt	properNoun	oci	Belcourt	properNoun	fra
Cousins	properNoun	oci	Cousins	properNoun	fra
Fresquet	properNoun	oci	Fresquet	properNoun	fra
centen	adjective	oci	centième	adjective	fra
Flor	properNoun	oci	Flor	properNoun	fra
Fresneda	properNoun	oci	Fresneda	properNoun	fra
sabat	noun	oci	sabbat	noun	fra
Malet	properNoun	oci	Malet	properNoun	fra
prescripcion	noun	oci	prescription	noun	fra
Serrats	properNoun	oci	Serrats	properNoun	fra
resolucion	noun	oci	résolution	noun	fra
sabor	noun	oci	goût	noun	fra
sabor	noun	oci	saveur	noun	fra
autoctòn	adjective	oci	autochtone	adjective	fra
seichelés	adjective	oci	seychellois	adjective	fra
debanar	verb	oci	dérouler	verb	fra
natura	noun	oci	nature	noun	fra
Chamorro	properNoun	oci	Chamorro	properNoun	fra
dinamic	adjective	oci	dynamique	adjective	fra
cantal	noun	oci	cantal	noun	fra
Kouchner	properNoun	oci	Kouchner	properNoun	fra
jos la direccion de	preposition	oci	sous la houlette de	preposition	fra
Orús	properNoun	oci	Orús	properNoun	fra
capverdian	noun	oci	Cap-Verdien	noun	fra
aspirant	noun	oci	aspirant	noun	fra
conciliar	verb	oci	concilier	verb	fra
Lucette	properNoun	oci	Lucette	properNoun	fra
instrumentar	verb	oci	instrumenter	verb	fra
Oden	properNoun	oci	Oden	properNoun	fra
chemenèia	noun	oci	cheminée	noun	fra
debutar	verb	oci	débuter	verb	fra
radar	noun	oci	radar	noun	fra
familiarament	adverb	oci	familièrement	adverb	fra
perimètre	noun	oci	périmètre	noun	fra
ajustat	adjective	oci	ajouté	adjective	fra
Charrier	properNoun	oci	Charrier	properNoun	fra
Coles	properNoun	oci	Coles	properNoun	fra
Benedet	properNoun	oci	Benedet	properNoun	fra
Loiret	properNoun	oci	Loiret	properNoun	fra
Biarn	properNoun	oci	Béarn	properNoun	fra
nèu	noun	oci	neige	noun	fra
Salvado	properNoun	oci	Salvado	properNoun	fra
estandardisacion	noun	oci	standardisation	noun	fra
Croàcia	properNoun	oci	Croatie	properNoun	fra
Utges	properNoun	oci	Utges	properNoun	fra
Halle	properNoun	oci	Halle	properNoun	fra
papilla	noun	oci	papille	noun	fra
vessar	verb	oci	renverser	verb	fra
Triviño	properNoun	oci	Triviño	properNoun	fra
Rigby	properNoun	oci	Rigby	properNoun	fra
interactiu	adjective	oci	interactif	adjective	fra
ornament	noun	oci	ornement	noun	fra
ornament	noun	oci	parure	noun	fra
Ileana	properNoun	oci	Ileana	properNoun	fra
setanta	numeral	oci	soixante-dix	numeral	fra
mentalitat	noun	oci	mentalité	noun	fra
Monleon	properNoun	oci	Monleon	properNoun	fra
fait	adjective	oci	fait	adjective	fra
Biarnés	properNoun	oci	Biarnés	properNoun	fra
mosquilh	noun	oci	moustique	noun	fra
Carrasco	properNoun	oci	Carrasco	properNoun	fra
pertinent	adjective	oci	pertinent	adjective	fra
Desroches	properNoun	oci	Desroches	properNoun	fra
Brière	properNoun	oci	Brière	properNoun	fra
lo lor	pronoun	oci	le leur	pronoun	fra
lo lor	pronoun	oci	le leur	possessivePronoun	fra
lo lor	possessivePronoun	oci	le leur	pronoun	fra
lo lor	possessivePronoun	oci	le leur	possessivePronoun	fra
Chile	properNoun	oci	Chili	properNoun	fra
potassi	noun	oci	potassium	noun	fra
bahraini	noun	oci	Bahreïnien	noun	fra
oxigèn	noun	oci	oxygène	noun	fra
Bureau	properNoun	oci	Bureau	properNoun	fra
entrepreneire	noun	oci	entrepreneur	noun	fra
Sénécal	properNoun	oci	Sénécal	properNoun	fra
correccion	noun	oci	correction	noun	fra
belizian	noun	oci	Bélizien	noun	fra
Guinèa	properNoun	oci	Guinée	properNoun	fra
britonic	adjective	oci	brittonique	adjective	fra
hl	noun	oci	hl	noun	fra
Yeste	properNoun	oci	Yeste	properNoun	fra
misèria	noun	oci	misère	noun	fra
Mathé	properNoun	oci	Mathé	properNoun	fra
Giralt	properNoun	oci	Giralt	properNoun	fra
Heidegger	properNoun	oci	Heidegger	properNoun	fra
yen	noun	oci	yen	noun	fra
camoflar	verb	oci	camoufler	verb	fra
Sim	properNoun	oci	Sim	properNoun	fra
Griñán	properNoun	oci	Griñán	properNoun	fra
drasticament	adverb	oci	drastiquement	adverb	fra
Arevalo	properNoun	oci	Arevalo	properNoun	fra
nonanta cinc	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-quinze	numeral	fra
de cara a	preposition	oci	face à	preposition	fra
Okinawa	properNoun	oci	Okinawa	properNoun	fra
germanic	adjective	oci	germanique	adjective	fra
Harley-Davidson	properNoun	oci	Harley-Davidson	properNoun	fra
Geoffroy	properNoun	oci	Geoffroy	properNoun	fra
incrustacion	noun	oci	incrustation	noun	fra
quaranta	numeral	oci	quarante	numeral	fra
Chang	properNoun	oci	Chang	properNoun	fra
Barbancho	properNoun	oci	Barbancho	properNoun	fra
Lertxundi	properNoun	oci	Lertxundi	properNoun	fra
progressivitat	noun	oci	progressivité	noun	fra
tau coma	subordinatingConjunction	oci	tel que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
civilizador	adjective	oci	civilisateur	adjective	fra
Gaspard	properNoun	oci	Gaspard	properNoun	fra
Horcas	properNoun	oci	Horcas	properNoun	fra
burkini	noun	oci	burkini	noun	fra
Viviane	properNoun	oci	Viviane	properNoun	fra
Jack	properNoun	oci	Jack	properNoun	fra
aderent	noun	oci	adhérent	noun	fra
equitable	adjective	oci	équitable	adjective	fra
testar	verb	oci	tester	verb	fra
afixe	noun	oci	affixe	noun	fra
Sorribas	properNoun	oci	Sorribas	properNoun	fra
Cassivi	properNoun	oci	Cassivi	properNoun	fra
Hoffmann	properNoun	oci	Hoffmann	properNoun	fra
Nesmith	properNoun	oci	Nesmith	properNoun	fra
Amposta	properNoun	oci	Amposta	properNoun	fra
de la Serna	properNoun	oci	de la Serna	properNoun	fra
censitari	adjective	oci	censitaire	adjective	fra
Dobson	properNoun	oci	Dobson	properNoun	fra
per qué	interrogativePronoun	oci	pourquoi	interrogativePronoun	fra
per qué	interrogativePronoun	oci	pourquoi	adverb	fra
per qué	adverb	oci	pourquoi	interrogativePronoun	fra
per qué	adverb	oci	pourquoi	adverb	fra
ecran	noun	oci	écran	noun	fra
nuèit	noun	oci	nuit	noun	fra
anotacion	noun	oci	annotation	noun	fra
vacatari	adjective	oci	vacataire	adjective	fra
Balaton	properNoun	oci	Balaton	properNoun	fra
Espinós	properNoun	oci	Espinós	properNoun	fra
Sade	properNoun	oci	Sade	properNoun	fra
Raphael	properNoun	oci	Raphael	properNoun	fra
descarat	noun	oci	insolent	noun	fra
Fraile	properNoun	oci	Fraile	properNoun	fra
marcat	adjective	oci	prononcé	adjective	fra
CCRTV	properNoun	oci	CCRTV	properNoun	fra
dètz-e-nau	numeral	oci	dix-neuf	numeral	fra
inoperable	adjective	oci	inopérable	adjective	fra
Berger	properNoun	oci	Berger	properNoun	fra
von Hoegh	properNoun	oci	von Hoegh	properNoun	fra
lignina	noun	oci	lignine	noun	fra
plusvalua	noun	oci	plus-value	noun	fra
darreria	noun	oci	fin	noun	fra
Mancilla	properNoun	oci	Mancilla	properNoun	fra
Farley	properNoun	oci	Farley	properNoun	fra
desseparar	verb	oci	séparer	verb	fra
Ghanem	properNoun	oci	Ghanem	properNoun	fra
Ibarretxe	properNoun	oci	Ibarretxe	properNoun	fra
sabença	noun	oci	érudition	noun	fra
Macijauskas	properNoun	oci	Macijauskas	properNoun	fra
absòlver	verb	oci	acquitter	verb	fra
Borraz	properNoun	oci	Borraz	properNoun	fra
desarticular	verb	oci	désarticuler	verb	fra
Gallegos	properNoun	oci	Gallegos	properNoun	fra
emendament	noun	oci	amendement	noun	fra
Borao	properNoun	oci	Borao	properNoun	fra
maquinista	noun	oci	machiniste	noun	fra
revolucionar	verb	oci	révolutionner	verb	fra
mesurable	adjective	oci	mesurable	adjective	fra
proletariat	noun	oci	prolétariat	noun	fra
a mòda de	preposition	oci	en guise de	preposition	fra
cortmetratge	noun	oci	court-métrage	noun	fra
Hervás	properNoun	oci	Hervás	properNoun	fra
Franquesa	properNoun	oci	Franquesa	properNoun	fra
anticapitalista	adjective	oci	anticapitaliste	adjective	fra
complòt	noun	oci	complot	noun	fra
Patrizia	properNoun	oci	Patrizia	properNoun	fra
pentoxid	noun	oci	pentoxyde	noun	fra
Richman	properNoun	oci	Richman	properNoun	fra
Gelma	properNoun	oci	Gelma	properNoun	fra
Noriega	properNoun	oci	Noriega	properNoun	fra
aglomeracion	noun	oci	agglomération	noun	fra
Etxegoien	properNoun	oci	Etxegoien	properNoun	fra
Goupil	properNoun	oci	Goupil	properNoun	fra
Dolan	properNoun	oci	Dolan	properNoun	fra
Payá	properNoun	oci	Payá	properNoun	fra
Jeffrey	properNoun	oci	Jeffrey	properNoun	fra
Echeverri	properNoun	oci	Echeverri	properNoun	fra
Clausewitz	properNoun	oci	Clausewitz	properNoun	fra
telefilme	noun	oci	téléfilm	noun	fra
Beltrí	properNoun	oci	Beltrí	properNoun	fra
epidemia	noun	oci	épidémie	noun	fra
Duperron	properNoun	oci	Duperron	properNoun	fra
especulador	noun	oci	spéculateur	noun	fra
sud-oèst	noun	oci	sud-ouest	noun	fra
Chova	properNoun	oci	Chova	properNoun	fra
cocorlon	noun	oci	champignon	noun	fra
entièrament	adverb	oci	entièrement	adverb	fra
Villen	properNoun	oci	Villen	properNoun	fra
Gustave	properNoun	oci	Gustave	properNoun	fra
McDonnell	properNoun	oci	McDonnell	properNoun	fra
gambian	noun	oci	Gambien	noun	fra
Taulé	properNoun	oci	Taulé	properNoun	fra
tròpa	noun	oci	troupe	noun	fra
difusar	verb	oci	diffuser	verb	fra
intromission	noun	oci	intromission	noun	fra
Portman	properNoun	oci	Portman	properNoun	fra
Savard	properNoun	oci	Savard	properNoun	fra
GMT	noun	oci	GMT	noun	fra
catarrin	noun	oci	catarhinien	noun	fra
eslau	adjective	oci	slave	adjective	fra
PR	noun	oci	PR	noun	fra
chassís	noun	oci	châssis	noun	fra
Molinas	properNoun	oci	Molinas	properNoun	fra
inconvenient	noun	oci	inconvénient	noun	fra
Hamelin	properNoun	oci	Hamelin	properNoun	fra
democraticament	adverb	oci	démocratiquement	adverb	fra
Sanz	properNoun	oci	Sanz	properNoun	fra
seguent	noun	oci	suivant	noun	fra
aramèu	adjective	oci	araméen	adjective	fra
vandalisme	noun	oci	vandalisme	noun	fra
Albesa	properNoun	oci	Albesa	properNoun	fra
Lleó	properNoun	oci	Lleó	properNoun	fra
intèrn	noun	oci	interne	noun	fra
apartier	verb	oci	appartenir	verb	fra
Còsta d'Evòri	properNoun	oci	Côte d'Ivoire	properNoun	fra
Collins	properNoun	oci	Collins	properNoun	fra
Martínez	properNoun	oci	Martínez	properNoun	fra
troncar	verb	oci	tronquer	verb	fra
nodul	noun	oci	nodule	noun	fra
Cruset	properNoun	oci	Cruset	properNoun	fra
paraulièr	noun	oci	parolier	noun	fra
pugnacitat	noun	oci	pugnacité	noun	fra
Ikea	properNoun	oci	Ikea	properNoun	fra
creire	verb	oci	croire	verb	fra
incontinent	adjective	oci	incontinent	adjective	fra
perpal	noun	oci	levier	noun	fra
glaçar	verb	oci	glacer	verb	fra
ostalariá	noun	oci	hôtel	noun	fra
multiple	noun	oci	multiple	noun	fra
Condò	properNoun	oci	Condò	properNoun	fra
mesfisança	noun	oci	méfiance	noun	fra
claudicar	verb	oci	claudiquer	verb	fra
assetat	adjective	oci	assis	adjective	fra
explicacion	noun	oci	explication	noun	fra
Verdes	properNoun	oci	Verdes	properNoun	fra
alemand	noun	oci	allemand	noun	fra
barbaritat	noun	oci	barbarité	noun	fra
Velázquez	properNoun	oci	Velázquez	properNoun	fra
insectivòr	noun	oci	insectivore	noun	fra
Tacite	properNoun	oci	Tacite	properNoun	fra
deure	modal	oci	devoir	modal	fra
Wordsworth	properNoun	oci	Wordsworth	properNoun	fra
informatic	adjective	oci	informatique	adjective	fra
sociau	adjective	oci	social	adjective	fra
automatic	adjective	oci	automatique	adjective	fra
magistralament	adverb	oci	magistralement	adverb	fra
ret	noun	oci	réseau	noun	fra
Cleary	properNoun	oci	Cleary	properNoun	fra
elucubrar	verb	oci	élucubrer	verb	fra
Jean-Baptiste	properNoun	oci	Jean-Baptiste	properNoun	fra
banalament	adverb	oci	banalement	adverb	fra
acusador	noun	oci	accusateur	noun	fra
Escaño	properNoun	oci	Escaño	properNoun	fra
Reventós	properNoun	oci	Reventós	properNoun	fra
Alkorta	properNoun	oci	Alkorta	properNoun	fra
Areizaga	properNoun	oci	Areizaga	properNoun	fra
Grainger	properNoun	oci	Grainger	properNoun	fra
Izaguirre	properNoun	oci	Izaguirre	properNoun	fra
Marròc	properNoun	oci	Maroc	properNoun	fra
Alessio	properNoun	oci	Alessio	properNoun	fra
acadian	adjective	oci	acadien	adjective	fra
Stirling	properNoun	oci	Stirling	properNoun	fra
Uddin	properNoun	oci	Uddin	properNoun	fra
senat	noun	oci	sénat	noun	fra
ipocoristic	adjective	oci	hypocoristique	adjective	fra
Vallvé	properNoun	oci	Vallvé	properNoun	fra
Llimós	properNoun	oci	Llimós	properNoun	fra
FMI	properNoun	oci	FMI	properNoun	fra
Condoleezza	properNoun	oci	Condoleezza	properNoun	fra
Alexandre lo Grand	properNoun	oci	Alexandre le Grand	properNoun	fra
subtilizar	verb	oci	subtiliser	verb	fra
de Pedro	properNoun	oci	de Pedro	properNoun	fra
masculin	noun	oci	masculin	noun	fra
reintroduccion	noun	oci	réintroduction	noun	fra
Samson	properNoun	oci	Samson	properNoun	fra
quilogram	noun	oci	kilogramme	noun	fra
malautiá	noun	oci	maladie	noun	fra
malfasent	adjective	oci	malfaisant	adjective	fra
constantament	adverb	oci	constamment	adverb	fra
reorganizacion	noun	oci	réorganisation	noun	fra
reorganizacion	noun	oci	reorganization	noun	fra
parròquia	noun	oci	paroisse	noun	fra
monisme	noun	oci	monisme	noun	fra
Fontrodona	properNoun	oci	Fontrodona	properNoun	fra
Toshiba	properNoun	oci	Toshiba	properNoun	fra
tolerància	noun	oci	tolérance	noun	fra
futur	adjective	oci	futur	adjective	fra
Huron	properNoun	oci	Huron	properNoun	fra
Garré	properNoun	oci	Garré	properNoun	fra
diligent	adjective	oci	diligent	adjective	fra
Crotone	properNoun	oci	Crotone	properNoun	fra
arrepresentar	verb	oci	représenter	verb	fra
Amada	properNoun	oci	Amada	properNoun	fra
eslogan	noun	oci	slogan	noun	fra
tiran	noun	oci	tyran	noun	fra
protèsi	noun	oci	prothèse	noun	fra
zen	adjective	oci	zen	adjective	fra
menimós	adjective	oci	minutieux	adjective	fra
surrealista	adjective	oci	surréaliste	adjective	fra
resistir	verb	oci	résister	verb	fra
Phelps	properNoun	oci	Phelps	properNoun	fra
escomenjar	verb	oci	excommunier	verb	fra
alterar	verb	oci	changer	verb	fra
alterar	verb	oci	altérer	verb	fra
afectacion	noun	oci	affectation	noun	fra
eterologia	noun	oci	hétérologie	noun	fra
coordinar	verb	oci	coordonner	verb	fra
Weapenicappo	properNoun	oci	Weapenicappo	properNoun	fra
autocar	noun	oci	autocar	noun	fra
inaugurar	verb	oci	inaugurer	verb	fra
Prémont	properNoun	oci	Prémont	properNoun	fra
negror	noun	oci	noirceur	noun	fra
Mali	properNoun	oci	Mali	properNoun	fra
olivièr	noun	oci	olivier	noun	fra
Lucero	properNoun	oci	Lucero	properNoun	fra
Pazo	properNoun	oci	Pazo	properNoun	fra
pacientament	adverb	oci	patiemment	adverb	fra
epic	adjective	oci	épique	adjective	fra
certan	determiner	oci	certain	determiner	fra
sarra	noun	oci	serre	noun	fra
Chicote	properNoun	oci	Chicote	properNoun	fra
Cros	properNoun	oci	Cros	properNoun	fra
processor	noun	oci	processeur	noun	fra
Rochon	properNoun	oci	Rochon	properNoun	fra
paradís	noun	oci	paradis	noun	fra
Callejas	properNoun	oci	Callejas	properNoun	fra
reviure	verb	oci	revivre	verb	fra
talon	noun	oci	talon	noun	fra
rire	verb	oci	rire	verb	fra
costumas	noun	oci	mœurs	noun	fra
desdramalizar	verb	oci	dédramatiser	verb	fra
Kelvin	properNoun	oci	Kelvin	properNoun	fra
crustacèu	noun	oci	crustacé	noun	fra
cigala	noun	oci	cigale	noun	fra
Muntada	properNoun	oci	Muntada	properNoun	fra
alarega	noun	oci	laiteron	noun	fra
Boluda	properNoun	oci	Boluda	properNoun	fra
magma	noun	oci	magma	noun	fra
Louisseize	properNoun	oci	Louisseize	properNoun	fra
Roselló	properNoun	oci	Roselló	properNoun	fra
Bascuñana	properNoun	oci	Bascuñana	properNoun	fra
provier	verb	oci	provenir	verb	fra
elegit	noun	oci	élu	noun	fra
Marquis	properNoun	oci	Marquis	properNoun	fra
Pinette	properNoun	oci	Pinette	properNoun	fra
descomposicion	noun	oci	décomposition	noun	fra
organisme	noun	oci	organisme	noun	fra
Brigita	properNoun	oci	Brigita	properNoun	fra
oligarquia	noun	oci	oligarchie	noun	fra
jos	preposition	oci	sous	preposition	fra
prosperitat	noun	oci	prospérité	noun	fra
SOS	noun	oci	SOS	noun	fra
Édouard	properNoun	oci	Édouard	properNoun	fra
panical	noun	oci	panicaut	noun	fra
carnivòr	adjective	oci	carnivore	adjective	fra
Tomboctó	properNoun	oci	Tombouctou	properNoun	fra
ignominia	noun	oci	ignominie	noun	fra
origina	noun	oci	origine	noun	fra
aranesista	adjective	oci	aranésiste	adjective	fra
Buono	properNoun	oci	Buono	properNoun	fra
Emily	properNoun	oci	Emily	properNoun	fra
Nierga	properNoun	oci	Nierga	properNoun	fra
protèsta	noun	oci	protestation	noun	fra
dispaus	adjective	oci	dispos	adjective	fra
fotografic	adjective	oci	photographique	adjective	fra
arian	adjective	oci	aryen	adjective	fra
Pennsilvània	properNoun	oci	Pennsylvanie	properNoun	fra
Lucio	properNoun	oci	Lucio	properNoun	fra
Lamonde	properNoun	oci	Lamonde	properNoun	fra
Frenette	properNoun	oci	Frenette	properNoun	fra
signar	verb	oci	signer	verb	fra
Barquero	properNoun	oci	Barquero	properNoun	fra
Fonoll	properNoun	oci	Fonoll	properNoun	fra
Scolari	properNoun	oci	Scolari	properNoun	fra
Hume	properNoun	oci	Hume	properNoun	fra
sociable	adjective	oci	sociable	adjective	fra
institucion	noun	oci	institution	noun	fra
malgash	noun	oci	malgache	noun	fra
Faustin	properNoun	oci	Faustin	properNoun	fra
Bellini	properNoun	oci	Bellini	properNoun	fra
equilibri	noun	oci	équilibre	noun	fra
creòl	noun	oci	créole	noun	fra
Vichèi	properNoun	oci	Vichy	properNoun	fra
asterisme	noun	oci	astérisme	noun	fra
Quintas	properNoun	oci	Quintas	properNoun	fra
Cousin	properNoun	oci	Cousin	properNoun	fra
mèstre	noun	oci	maître	noun	fra
Oum	properNoun	oci	Oum	properNoun	fra
blisaud	noun	oci	blouse	noun	fra
preludi	noun	oci	prélude	noun	fra
intercepcion	noun	oci	interception	noun	fra
lexicograf	noun	oci	lexicographe	noun	fra
liure	adjective	oci	libre	adjective	fra
Brugué	properNoun	oci	Brugué	properNoun	fra
jamai	adverb	oci	jamais	adverb	fra
vietnamian	adjective	oci	vietnamien	adjective	fra
Almería	properNoun	oci	Almería	properNoun	fra
environatge	noun	oci	entourage	noun	fra
polonés	adjective	oci	polonais	adjective	fra
migrar	verb	oci	migrer	verb	fra
volatilizar	verb	oci	volatiliser	verb	fra
accentuar	verb	oci	accentuer	verb	fra
Kerr	properNoun	oci	Kerr	properNoun	fra
Biondi	properNoun	oci	Biondi	properNoun	fra
tièra	noun	oci	série	noun	fra
Ábalos	properNoun	oci	Ábalos	properNoun	fra
Geraldine	properNoun	oci	Geraldine	properNoun	fra
fetichisme	noun	oci	fétichisme	noun	fra
McClure	properNoun	oci	McClure	properNoun	fra
Enguix	properNoun	oci	Enguix	properNoun	fra
arsinat	adjective	oci	assoiffé	adjective	fra
triton	noun	oci	triton	noun	fra
nomenar	verb	oci	nommer	verb	fra
Townshend	properNoun	oci	Townshend	properNoun	fra
Al Gore	properNoun	oci	Al Gore	properNoun	fra
Lama	properNoun	oci	Lama	properNoun	fra
connotacion	noun	oci	connotation	noun	fra
Galarza	properNoun	oci	Galarza	properNoun	fra
Ireland	properNoun	oci	Ireland	properNoun	fra
Justina	properNoun	oci	Justina	properNoun	fra
Bueno	properNoun	oci	Bueno	properNoun	fra
Lethiecq	properNoun	oci	Lethiecq	properNoun	fra
Reiaume Unit	properNoun	oci	Royaume-Uni	properNoun	fra
Briard	properNoun	oci	Briard	properNoun	fra
Bischoff	properNoun	oci	Bischoff	properNoun	fra
condicionament	noun	oci	conditionnement	noun	fra
ornitològ	noun	oci	ornithologue	noun	fra
Lidon	properNoun	oci	Lidon	properNoun	fra
Rufián	properNoun	oci	Rufián	properNoun	fra
Benet	properNoun	oci	Benet	properNoun	fra
Carolina del Sud	properNoun	oci	Caroline du Sud	properNoun	fra
Cavanagh	properNoun	oci	Cavanagh	properNoun	fra
Barril	properNoun	oci	Barril	properNoun	fra
ibrid	adjective	oci	hybride	adjective	fra
Levy	properNoun	oci	Levy	properNoun	fra
perfeccionament	noun	oci	perfectionnement	noun	fra
governabilitat	noun	oci	gouvernabilité	noun	fra
associar	verb	oci	associer	verb	fra
Tompkins	properNoun	oci	Tompkins	properNoun	fra
elixir	noun	oci	élixir	noun	fra
unanim	adjective	oci	unanime	adjective	fra
Guise	properNoun	oci	Guise	properNoun	fra
Love	properNoun	oci	Love	properNoun	fra
Monell	properNoun	oci	Monell	properNoun	fra
Alcalde	properNoun	oci	Alcalde	properNoun	fra
René	properNoun	oci	René	properNoun	fra
empusar	verb	oci	attiser	verb	fra
torrassa	noun	oci	donjon	noun	fra
instable	adjective	oci	instable	adjective	fra
libre	noun	oci	livre	noun	fra
criminologia	noun	oci	criminologie	noun	fra
Coleman	properNoun	oci	Coleman	properNoun	fra
Teheran	properNoun	oci	Téhéran	properNoun	fra
França 3	properNoun	oci	France 3	properNoun	fra
indigéncia	noun	oci	indigence	noun	fra
galaxia	noun	oci	galaxie	noun	fra
Artal	properNoun	oci	Artal	properNoun	fra
apendiciti	noun	oci	appendicite	noun	fra
Labossière	properNoun	oci	Labossière	properNoun	fra
ama	noun	oci	âme	noun	fra
Jansson	properNoun	oci	Jansson	properNoun	fra
Desranleau	properNoun	oci	Desranleau	properNoun	fra
gripa	noun	oci	grippe	noun	fra
Guthrie	properNoun	oci	Guthrie	properNoun	fra
Oleary	properNoun	oci	Oleary	properNoun	fra
Anjau	properNoun	oci	Anjou	properNoun	fra
trobat	adjective	oci	trouvé	adjective	fra
Termopilas	properNoun	oci	Thermopyles	properNoun	fra
deferéncia	noun	oci	déférence	noun	fra
Henríquez	properNoun	oci	Henríquez	properNoun	fra
Zeballos	properNoun	oci	Zeballos	properNoun	fra
Boisjoli	properNoun	oci	Boisjoli	properNoun	fra
reivindicatiu	adjective	oci	revendicatif	adjective	fra
Ernèst	properNoun	oci	Ernèst	properNoun	fra
Espejo	properNoun	oci	Espejo	properNoun	fra
moralament	adverb	oci	moralement	adverb	fra
Anglade	properNoun	oci	Anglade	properNoun	fra
a flor e mesura de	preposition	oci	au fur et à mesure de	preposition	fra
Larrañaga	properNoun	oci	Larrañaga	properNoun	fra
pasiblament	adverb	oci	paisiblement	adverb	fra
Ibarra	properNoun	oci	Ibarra	properNoun	fra
Cambòtja	properNoun	oci	Cambodge	properNoun	fra
calcita	noun	oci	calcite	noun	fra
nafradura	noun	oci	blessure	noun	fra
Estruch	properNoun	oci	Estruch	properNoun	fra
Pablos	properNoun	oci	Pablos	properNoun	fra
Eyck	properNoun	oci	Eyck	properNoun	fra
bastida	noun	oci	bastide	noun	fra
trabalhador	adjective	oci	travailleur	adjective	fra
dilatacion	noun	oci	dilatation	noun	fra
Buttle	properNoun	oci	Buttle	properNoun	fra
sala	noun	oci	salle	noun	fra
Mawassi	properNoun	oci	Mawassi	properNoun	fra
nucleotidic	adjective	oci	nucléotidique	adjective	fra
Simonetta	properNoun	oci	Simonetta	properNoun	fra
Marcos	properNoun	oci	Marcos	properNoun	fra
acaparrar	verb	oci	accaparer	verb	fra
Morales	properNoun	oci	Morales	properNoun	fra
litre	noun	oci	litre	noun	fra
al ponch que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	au point que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
deportacion	noun	oci	déportation	noun	fra
Nisa	properNoun	oci	Nisa	properNoun	fra
languison	noun	oci	nostalgie	noun	fra
alargar	verb	oci	élargir	verb	fra
Antolín	properNoun	oci	Antolín	properNoun	fra
pompar	verb	oci	pomper	verb	fra
electrodomètge	noun	oci	électroménager	noun	fra
Bourdages	properNoun	oci	Bourdages	properNoun	fra
felicitat	noun	oci	félicité	noun	fra
Savoia	properNoun	oci	Savoia	properNoun	fra
Gill	properNoun	oci	Gill	properNoun	fra
namibian	adjective	oci	namibien	adjective	fra
parièr	adjective	oci	pareil	adjective	fra
haut	adjective	oci	haut	adjective	fra
Bausen	properNoun	oci	Bausen	properNoun	fra
Membreno	properNoun	oci	Membreno	properNoun	fra
reforestacion	noun	oci	reforestation	noun	fra
desvalorizacion	noun	oci	dévalorisation	noun	fra
cosina	noun	oci	cuisine	noun	fra
ebullicion	noun	oci	ébullition	noun	fra
Suay	properNoun	oci	Suay	properNoun	fra
Comaposada	properNoun	oci	Comaposada	properNoun	fra
factorizacion	noun	oci	factorisation	noun	fra
agrit	adjective	oci	aigri	adjective	fra
Afganistan	properNoun	oci	Afghanistan	properNoun	fra
desastre	noun	oci	désastre	noun	fra
Nintendo	properNoun	oci	Nintendo	properNoun	fra
Sanahuja	properNoun	oci	Sanahuja	properNoun	fra
evangèli	noun	oci	évangile	noun	fra
caissièr	noun	oci	caissier	noun	fra
circonferéncia	noun	oci	circonférence	noun	fra
vapor	noun	oci	buée	noun	fra
vapor	noun	oci	vapeur	noun	fra
Pratdesaba	properNoun	oci	Pratdesaba	properNoun	fra
Rabionet	properNoun	oci	Rabionet	properNoun	fra
majestuós	adjective	oci	majestueux	adjective	fra
recanton	noun	oci	recoin	noun	fra
Alujas	properNoun	oci	Alujas	properNoun	fra
bassista	noun	oci	bassiste	noun	fra
Dino	properNoun	oci	Dino	properNoun	fra
Chief	properNoun	oci	Chief	properNoun	fra
dadaïsme	noun	oci	dadaïsme	noun	fra
Albanese	properNoun	oci	Albanese	properNoun	fra
cub	noun	oci	cube	noun	fra
egocentric	adjective	oci	égocentrique	adjective	fra
Nauru	properNoun	oci	Nauru	properNoun	fra
tonèl	noun	oci	tonneau	noun	fra
Sechi	properNoun	oci	Sechi	properNoun	fra
Sumalla	properNoun	oci	Sumalla	properNoun	fra
impulsiu	adjective	oci	impulsif	adjective	fra
Avila	properNoun	oci	Avila	properNoun	fra
Yip	properNoun	oci	Yip	properNoun	fra
Bhatti	properNoun	oci	Bhatti	properNoun	fra
Poblenou	properNoun	oci	Poblenou	properNoun	fra
fatidic	adjective	oci	fatidique	adjective	fra
pruna	adjective	oci	prune	adjective	fra
naufragar	verb	oci	naufrager	verb	fra
Greenpeace	properNoun	oci	Greenpeace	properNoun	fra
afebliment	noun	oci	affaiblissement	noun	fra
sexista	adjective	oci	sexiste	adjective	fra
Cañadas	properNoun	oci	Cañadas	properNoun	fra
von Metz	properNoun	oci	von Metz	properNoun	fra
favor	noun	oci	faveur	noun	fra
Leguerrier	properNoun	oci	Leguerrier	properNoun	fra
von Linde	properNoun	oci	von Linde	properNoun	fra
canòta	noun	oci	roseau	noun	fra
elaboracion	noun	oci	élaboration	noun	fra
François Hollande	properNoun	oci	François Hollande	properNoun	fra
Noguerol	properNoun	oci	Noguerol	properNoun	fra
contestacion	noun	oci	contestation	noun	fra
au contrari	adverb	oci	au contraire	adverb	fra
Cajelot	properNoun	oci	Cajelot	properNoun	fra
immigrant	adjective	oci	immigrant	adjective	fra
aqueste	pronoun	oci	celui-ci	pronoun	fra
aqueste	pronoun	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aqueste	pronoun	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aqueste	pronoun	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
aqueste	demonstrativePronoun	oci	celui-ci	pronoun	fra
aqueste	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aqueste	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aqueste	demonstrativePronoun	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
aqueste	determiner	oci	celui-ci	pronoun	fra
aqueste	determiner	oci	ce	demonstrativePronoun	fra
aqueste	determiner	oci	ce	determiner	fra
aqueste	determiner	oci	ce	pronoun	fra
Alcaide	properNoun	oci	Alcaide	properNoun	fra
particularament	adverb	oci	particulièrement	adverb	fra
Tierra	properNoun	oci	Tierra	properNoun	fra
empuntar	verb	oci	trébucher	verb	fra
dalfin	noun	oci	dauphin	noun	fra
estocatge	noun	oci	stockage	noun	fra
Boutet	properNoun	oci	Boutet	properNoun	fra
Carbajo	properNoun	oci	Carbajo	properNoun	fra
Kurdistan	properNoun	oci	Kurdistan	properNoun	fra
Ángeles	properNoun	oci	Ángeles	properNoun	fra
axiomatic	adjective	oci	axiomatique	adjective	fra
Buchaca	properNoun	oci	Buchaca	properNoun	fra
embarràs	noun	oci	embarras	noun	fra
Guzman	properNoun	oci	Guzman	properNoun	fra
escanèr	noun	oci	scanner	noun	fra
Lecomte	properNoun	oci	Lecomte	properNoun	fra
conductor	noun	oci	conducteur	noun	fra
GR	noun	oci	GR	noun	fra
Camilo	properNoun	oci	Camilo	properNoun	fra
Laffont	properNoun	oci	Laffont	properNoun	fra
atal coma	subordinatingConjunction	oci	ainsi que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
redefinir	verb	oci	redéfinir	verb	fra
Iñurrategui	properNoun	oci	Iñurrategui	properNoun	fra
Cartier	properNoun	oci	Cartier	properNoun	fra
Uranga	properNoun	oci	Uranga	properNoun	fra
Cladellas	properNoun	oci	Cladellas	properNoun	fra
saüc	noun	oci	sureau	noun	fra
paritari	adjective	oci	paritaire	adjective	fra
Saindon	properNoun	oci	Saindon	properNoun	fra
Elmet	properNoun	oci	Elmet	properNoun	fra
Macho	properNoun	oci	Macho	properNoun	fra
terraire	noun	oci	terroir	noun	fra
costat	noun	oci	côté	noun	fra
absentar	verb	oci	absenter	verb	fra
Scarpa	properNoun	oci	Scarpa	properNoun	fra
Barthélémy	properNoun	oci	Barthélémy	properNoun	fra
formosan	adjective	oci	taïwanais	adjective	fra
Astorga	properNoun	oci	Astorga	properNoun	fra
Tork	properNoun	oci	Tork	properNoun	fra
ochen	noun	oci	huitième	noun	fra
McCreedy	properNoun	oci	McCreedy	properNoun	fra
Torrejón	properNoun	oci	Torrejón	properNoun	fra
Camirand	properNoun	oci	Camirand	properNoun	fra
Goran	properNoun	oci	Goran	properNoun	fra
Leopold	properNoun	oci	Leopold	properNoun	fra
Roncero	properNoun	oci	Roncero	properNoun	fra
Barrenetxea	properNoun	oci	Barrenetxea	properNoun	fra
convèrsa	noun	oci	conversation	noun	fra
oceanografia	noun	oci	océanographie	noun	fra
concors	noun	oci	concours	noun	fra
Guam	properNoun	oci	Guam	properNoun	fra
Malàisia	properNoun	oci	Malaisie	properNoun	fra
Just	properNoun	oci	Just	properNoun	fra
Gabini	properNoun	oci	Gabini	properNoun	fra
fortetat	noun	oci	énergie	noun	fra
Vasari	properNoun	oci	Vasari	properNoun	fra
Gilmour	properNoun	oci	Gilmour	properNoun	fra
indigenista	noun	oci	indigéniste	noun	fra
subrestimar	verb	oci	surestimer	verb	fra
irrómper	verb	oci	faire irruption	verb	fra
emerotèca	noun	oci	hémérothèque	noun	fra
Farmer	properNoun	oci	Farmer	properNoun	fra
de los Ríos	properNoun	oci	de los Ríos	properNoun	fra
Llagostera	properNoun	oci	Llagostera	properNoun	fra
cosinar	verb	oci	cuisiner	verb	fra
a granda escala	adverb	oci	à grande échelle	adverb	fra
Malaison	properNoun	oci	Malaison	properNoun	fra
Véronique	properNoun	oci	Véronique	properNoun	fra
Durán	properNoun	oci	Durán	properNoun	fra
istorian	noun	oci	historien	noun	fra
degustar	verb	oci	déguster	verb	fra
Frias	properNoun	oci	Frias	properNoun	fra
fonccionar	verb	oci	fonctionner	verb	fra
d'escapadas	adverb	oci	à la dérobée	adverb	fra
palanquin	noun	oci	palanquin	noun	fra
Barbin	properNoun	oci	Barbin	properNoun	fra
von Freymann	properNoun	oci	von Freymann	properNoun	fra
Pappas	properNoun	oci	Pappas	properNoun	fra
Elfman	properNoun	oci	Elfman	properNoun	fra
Aginagalde	properNoun	oci	Aginagalde	properNoun	fra
davantejar	verb	oci	devancer	verb	fra
Nintendo 64	properNoun	oci	Nintendo 64	properNoun	fra
Montferrer	properNoun	oci	Montferrer	properNoun	fra
Martorell	properNoun	oci	Martorell	properNoun	fra
univerbacion	noun	oci	univerbation	noun	fra
doncas	adverb	oci	alors	adverb	fra
Alloatti	properNoun	oci	Alloatti	properNoun	fra
afairisme	noun	oci	affairisme	noun	fra
ploraire	adjective	oci	pleureur	adjective	fra
McAdoo	properNoun	oci	McAdoo	properNoun	fra
l	noun	oci	l	noun	fra
possible	adjective	oci	possible	adjective	fra
Émirats Arabis Units	properNoun	oci	Émirats arabes unis	properNoun	fra
Medici	properNoun	oci	Medici	properNoun	fra
mortièr	noun	oci	mortier	noun	fra
argela	noun	oci	argile	noun	fra
Barré	properNoun	oci	Barré	properNoun	fra
punt	noun	oci	point	noun	fra
prodigi	noun	oci	prodige	noun	fra
prestatge	noun	oci	prêt	noun	fra
prestatge	noun	oci	rayonnage	noun	fra
entrevistar	verb	oci	interviewer	verb	fra
ueitanta sèt	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-sept	numeral	fra
Ciria	properNoun	oci	Ciria	properNoun	fra
Munoz	properNoun	oci	Munoz	properNoun	fra
espiritualitat	noun	oci	spiritualité	noun	fra
iemenita	noun	oci	Yéménite	noun	fra
paleolitic	noun	oci	paléolithique	noun	fra
pamparruga	noun	oci	chevelure	noun	fra
blau	noun	oci	bleu	noun	fra
Menguellet	properNoun	oci	Menguellet	properNoun	fra
amonestar	verb	oci	chapitrer	verb	fra
amonestar	verb	oci	admonester	verb	fra
von Below	properNoun	oci	von Below	properNoun	fra
pancreatic	adjective	oci	pancréatique	adjective	fra
enfonsar	verb	oci	affaisser	verb	fra
enfonsar	verb	oci	effondrer	verb	fra
Amesse	properNoun	oci	Amesse	properNoun	fra
asimetricament	adverb	oci	asymétriquement	adverb	fra
quincanèla	noun	oci	faillite	noun	fra
Sousa	properNoun	oci	Sousa	properNoun	fra
Mora	properNoun	oci	Mora	properNoun	fra
Coen	properNoun	oci	Coen	properNoun	fra
congratular	verb	oci	congratuler	verb	fra
cofret	noun	oci	coffret	noun	fra
ÈRC	noun	oci	ERC	noun	fra
Pinsach	properNoun	oci	Pinsach	properNoun	fra
toponimia	noun	oci	toponymie	noun	fra
injustícia	noun	oci	injustice	noun	fra
transeuropèu	adjective	oci	transeuropéen	adjective	fra
engana	noun	oci	tromperie	noun	fra
Azucena	properNoun	oci	Azucena	properNoun	fra
tongalés	noun	oci	Tongien	noun	fra
Llaveria	properNoun	oci	Llaveria	properNoun	fra
Bagan	properNoun	oci	Bagan	properNoun	fra
Ballard	properNoun	oci	Ballard	properNoun	fra
incurable	adjective	oci	incurable	adjective	fra
ridiculizar	verb	oci	ridiculiser	verb	fra
nàisser	verb	oci	naître	verb	fra
d'ailà	adverb	oci	de là	adverb	fra
preistoric	adjective	oci	préhistorique	adjective	fra
bangladeshi	noun	oci	Bangladais	noun	fra
Windows XP	properNoun	oci	Windows XP	properNoun	fra
borgesiá	noun	oci	bourgeoisie	noun	fra
alteracion	noun	oci	altération	noun	fra
calandreta	noun	oci	calandreta	noun	fra
Saint-Exupéry	properNoun	oci	Saint-Exupéry	properNoun	fra
tongian	noun	oci	Tongien	noun	fra
valent	adjective	oci	courageux	adjective	fra
Adèle	properNoun	oci	Adèle	properNoun	fra
Ferry	properNoun	oci	Ferry	properNoun	fra
Boèmia	properNoun	oci	Bohême	properNoun	fra
Bernois	properNoun	oci	Bernois	properNoun	fra
sud-sodanés	adjective	oci	sud-soudanais	adjective	fra
supermercat	noun	oci	supermarché	noun	fra
indecision	noun	oci	indécision	noun	fra
Günter	properNoun	oci	Günter	properNoun	fra
Navarlaz	properNoun	oci	Navarlaz	properNoun	fra
Cappelli	properNoun	oci	Cappelli	properNoun	fra
Alentorn	properNoun	oci	Alentorn	properNoun	fra
otoman	adjective	oci	ottoman	adjective	fra
encara que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	encore que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
prioritari	adjective	oci	prioritaire	adjective	fra
partisan	adjective	oci	partisan	adjective	fra
Torelló	properNoun	oci	Torelló	properNoun	fra
agéncia	noun	oci	agence	noun	fra
Pasini	properNoun	oci	Pasini	properNoun	fra
Alabart	properNoun	oci	Alabart	properNoun	fra
Marcheterre	properNoun	oci	Marcheterre	properNoun	fra
deféne	verb	oci	défendre	verb	fra
Moga	properNoun	oci	Moga	properNoun	fra
putrid	adjective	oci	putride	adjective	fra
aprofechar	verb	oci	profiter	verb	fra
O'Regan	properNoun	oci	O'Regan	properNoun	fra
Kabol	properNoun	oci	Kaboul	properNoun	fra
imbricar	verb	oci	imbriquer	verb	fra
Christopher	properNoun	oci	Christopher	properNoun	fra
materialista	noun	oci	matérialiste	noun	fra
Caba	properNoun	oci	Caba	properNoun	fra
Gurrera	properNoun	oci	Gurrera	properNoun	fra
Aristide	properNoun	oci	Aristide	properNoun	fra
Stravinski	properNoun	oci	Stravinsky	properNoun	fra
deliberacion	noun	oci	délibération	noun	fra
Sparks	properNoun	oci	Sparks	properNoun	fra
Graveline	properNoun	oci	Graveline	properNoun	fra
Ester	properNoun	oci	Ester	properNoun	fra
Gonzalez	properNoun	oci	Gonzalez	properNoun	fra
Millas	properNoun	oci	Millas	properNoun	fra
Danes	properNoun	oci	Danes	properNoun	fra
exoplaneta	noun	oci	exoplanète	noun	fra
prompte	adjective	oci	vite	adjective	fra
Rubies	properNoun	oci	Rubies	properNoun	fra
catapulta	noun	oci	catapulte	noun	fra
Berge	properNoun	oci	Berge	properNoun	fra
Sanmartín	properNoun	oci	Sanmartín	properNoun	fra
fuèlh	noun	oci	feuille	noun	fra
sociabilitat	noun	oci	sociabilité	noun	fra
Arakama	properNoun	oci	Arakama	properNoun	fra
dimarts	noun	oci	mardi	noun	fra
cooperador	adjective	oci	coopérateur	adjective	fra
centenari	noun	oci	sodium	noun	fra
centenari	noun	oci	centenaire	noun	fra
derogacion	noun	oci	dérogation	noun	fra
Ranger	properNoun	oci	Ranger	properNoun	fra
endilhet	noun	oci	hennissement	noun	fra
pigment	noun	oci	pigment	noun	fra
quaranta uèit	numeral	oci	quarante-huit	numeral	fra
Genesse	properNoun	oci	Genesse	properNoun	fra
Eugenio	properNoun	oci	Eugenio	properNoun	fra
Tia	properNoun	oci	Tia	properNoun	fra
remar	verb	oci	ramer	verb	fra
Mosher	properNoun	oci	Mosher	properNoun	fra
suportable	adjective	oci	supportable	adjective	fra
engraissar	verb	oci	engraisser	verb	fra
Gila	properNoun	oci	Gila	properNoun	fra
picon	noun	oci	pic	noun	fra
Ahier	properNoun	oci	Ahier	properNoun	fra
Aldekoa	properNoun	oci	Aldekoa	properNoun	fra
Nappert	properNoun	oci	Nappert	properNoun	fra
Trad	properNoun	oci	Trad	properNoun	fra
coma	preposition	oci	comme	preposition	fra
contiengut	noun	oci	contenu	noun	fra
Young	properNoun	oci	Young	properNoun	fra
bolimia	noun	oci	boulimie	noun	fra
sacrat	noun	oci	sacré	noun	fra
Larry	properNoun	oci	Larry	properNoun	fra
nociu	adjective	oci	nocif	adjective	fra
isoladament	adverb	oci	isolément	adverb	fra
Cindy	properNoun	oci	Cindy	properNoun	fra
narret	adjective	oci	nasillard	adjective	fra
reïterar	verb	oci	réitérer	verb	fra
Melià	properNoun	oci	Melià	properNoun	fra
contactar	verb	oci	contacter	verb	fra
emoglobina	noun	oci	hémoglobine	noun	fra
Lépine	properNoun	oci	Lépine	properNoun	fra
atanben	adverb	oci	aussi	adverb	fra
Lacharité	properNoun	oci	Lacharité	properNoun	fra
raubatòri	noun	oci	ravissement	noun	fra
Uroz	properNoun	oci	Uroz	properNoun	fra
commutacion	noun	oci	commutation	noun	fra
Salamero	properNoun	oci	Salamero	properNoun	fra
Dara	properNoun	oci	Dara	properNoun	fra
Hallé	properNoun	oci	Hallé	properNoun	fra
salòp	noun	oci	salaud	noun	fra
Letícia	properNoun	oci	Letícia	properNoun	fra
aclamacion	noun	oci	acclamation	noun	fra
Florensa	properNoun	oci	Florensa	properNoun	fra
multidisciplinar	adjective	oci	multidisciplinaire	adjective	fra
Yamamoto	properNoun	oci	Yamamoto	properNoun	fra
cocorda	noun	oci	courge	noun	fra
examinador	noun	oci	examinateur	noun	fra
satiricament	adverb	oci	satyriquement	adverb	fra
Pelegrín	properNoun	oci	Pelegrín	properNoun	fra
ferret	noun	oci	briquet	noun	fra
Infantes	properNoun	oci	Infantes	properNoun	fra
Bernad	properNoun	oci	Bernad	properNoun	fra
completament	adverb	oci	complètement	adverb	fra
primogenitura	noun	oci	primogéniture	noun	fra
Tora	properNoun	oci	Tora	properNoun	fra
idiotisme	noun	oci	idiotisme	noun	fra
ebrieu	noun	oci	hébreu	noun	fra
Andropov	properNoun	oci	Andropov	properNoun	fra
Beistegi	properNoun	oci	Beistegi	properNoun	fra
diminutiu	adjective	oci	diminutif	adjective	fra
von Erlach	properNoun	oci	von Erlach	properNoun	fra
fervent	adjective	oci	fervent	adjective	fra
Azkarraga	properNoun	oci	Azkarraga	properNoun	fra
Corrons	properNoun	oci	Corrons	properNoun	fra
Rabena	properNoun	oci	Rabena	properNoun	fra
clinica	noun	oci	clinique	noun	fra
perméter	verb	oci	permettre	verb	fra
Bellerose	properNoun	oci	Bellerose	properNoun	fra
Albet	properNoun	oci	Albet	properNoun	fra
inexplicablament	adverb	oci	inexplicablement	adverb	fra
bashquir	adjective	oci	bachkir	adjective	fra
Riveiro	properNoun	oci	Riveiro	properNoun	fra
cuban	noun	oci	Cubain	noun	fra
Phung	properNoun	oci	Phung	properNoun	fra
acostumança	noun	oci	accoutumance	noun	fra
abolir	verb	oci	abolir	verb	fra
garnir	verb	oci	garnir	verb	fra
estratificar	verb	oci	stratifier	verb	fra
acostica	noun	oci	acoustique	noun	fra
Thai	properNoun	oci	Thai	properNoun	fra
Girard	properNoun	oci	Girard	properNoun	fra
manipulador	adjective	oci	manipulateur	adjective	fra
ressasiat	adjective	oci	repu	adjective	fra
66n	adjective	oci	66ème	adjective	fra
esperon	noun	oci	éperon	noun	fra
PDA	properNoun	oci	PDA	properNoun	fra
Hannan	properNoun	oci	Hannan	properNoun	fra
Louissaint	properNoun	oci	Louissaint	properNoun	fra
D'Angelo	properNoun	oci	D'Angelo	properNoun	fra
locomotiva	noun	oci	locomotive	noun	fra
Victor	properNoun	oci	Victor	properNoun	fra
Weekes	properNoun	oci	Weekes	properNoun	fra
Ingrid	properNoun	oci	Ingrid	properNoun	fra
electrotecnic	adjective	oci	électrotechnique	adjective	fra
turgan	noun	oci	goujon	noun	fra
alienacion	noun	oci	aliénation	noun	fra
legion	noun	oci	légion	noun	fra
Trillo-Figueroa	properNoun	oci	Trillo-Figueroa	properNoun	fra
Lafontaine	properNoun	oci	Lafontaine	properNoun	fra
Piccinini	properNoun	oci	Piccinini	properNoun	fra
Aubin	properNoun	oci	Aubin	properNoun	fra
engiponar	verb	oci	rosser	verb	fra
Derrico	properNoun	oci	Derrico	properNoun	fra
encargar	verb	oci	charger	verb	fra
Masferrer	properNoun	oci	Masferrer	properNoun	fra
von Blücher	properNoun	oci	von Blücher	properNoun	fra
experimentat	adjective	oci	expérimenté	adjective	fra
armasi	noun	oci	armoire	noun	fra
emulador	adjective	oci	émulateur	adjective	fra
Sylvia	properNoun	oci	Sylvia	properNoun	fra
Oliver	properNoun	oci	Oliver	properNoun	fra
Olmeda	properNoun	oci	Olmeda	properNoun	fra
Coocoo	properNoun	oci	Coocoo	properNoun	fra
Pintos	properNoun	oci	Pintos	properNoun	fra
astuciós	adjective	oci	astucieux	adjective	fra
aciu	adverb	oci	ici	adverb	fra
agressivitat	noun	oci	agressivité	noun	fra
productiu	adjective	oci	productif	adjective	fra
caul	noun	oci	chou	noun	fra
escagaròl	noun	oci	arrobe	noun	fra
convulsion	noun	oci	convulsion	noun	fra
visitar	verb	oci	rendre visite	verb	fra
visitar	verb	oci	visiter	verb	fra
Baggio	properNoun	oci	Baggio	properNoun	fra
Oña	properNoun	oci	Oña	properNoun	fra
desinformacion	noun	oci	désinformation	noun	fra
julhet	noun	oci	juillet	noun	fra
devier	verb	oci	devenir	verb	fra
professar	verb	oci	professer	verb	fra
Aragonès	properNoun	oci	Aragonès	properNoun	fra
adjudicacion	noun	oci	adjudication	noun	fra
esplech	noun	oci	outil	noun	fra
Delva	properNoun	oci	Delva	properNoun	fra
Bahia	properNoun	oci	Bahia	properNoun	fra
Frame	properNoun	oci	Frame	properNoun	fra
classicisme	noun	oci	classicisme	noun	fra
Raigón	properNoun	oci	Raigón	properNoun	fra
revenda	noun	oci	revente	noun	fra
patac	noun	oci	coup	noun	fra
Morrison	properNoun	oci	Morrison	properNoun	fra
XXIII	numeral	oci	XIIIème	adjective	fra
XXIII	numeral	oci	XIIIe	adjective	fra
escaramossa	noun	oci	escarmouche	noun	fra
nanotecnologia	noun	oci	nanotechnologie	noun	fra
Siberia	properNoun	oci	Sibérie	properNoun	fra
Balthazar	properNoun	oci	Balthazar	properNoun	fra
Tamara	properNoun	oci	Tamara	properNoun	fra
cortègi	noun	oci	cortège	noun	fra
consecutivament	adverb	oci	consécutivement	adverb	fra
Fernand	properNoun	oci	Fernand	properNoun	fra
Amato	properNoun	oci	Amato	properNoun	fra
chocolat	noun	oci	chocolat	noun	fra
contraproductiu	adjective	oci	contreproductif	adjective	fra
ocupant	noun	oci	occupant	noun	fra
Zanón	properNoun	oci	Zanón	properNoun	fra
Goncalves	properNoun	oci	Goncalves	properNoun	fra
Fawaz	properNoun	oci	Fawaz	properNoun	fra
corsa	noun	oci	course	noun	fra
superlatiu	adjective	oci	superlatif	adjective	fra
Martone	properNoun	oci	Martone	properNoun	fra
captura	noun	oci	capture	noun	fra
Catalina	properNoun	oci	Catalina	properNoun	fra
Noir	properNoun	oci	Noir	properNoun	fra
licenciament	noun	oci	licenciement	noun	fra
estimular	verb	oci	stimuler	verb	fra
Higginson	properNoun	oci	Higginson	properNoun	fra
naufragi	noun	oci	naufrage	noun	fra
Bhérer	properNoun	oci	Bhérer	properNoun	fra
Castelltort	properNoun	oci	Castelltort	properNoun	fra
Zabel	properNoun	oci	Zabel	properNoun	fra
Paola	properNoun	oci	Paola	properNoun	fra
entrepréner	verb	oci	entreprendre	verb	fra
Rauff	properNoun	oci	Rauff	properNoun	fra
Annie	properNoun	oci	Annie	properNoun	fra
Raffarin	properNoun	oci	Raffarin	properNoun	fra
plausible	adjective	oci	plausible	adjective	fra
McShee	properNoun	oci	McShee	properNoun	fra
cuòch	adjective	oci	cuit	adjective	fra
zimbabwés	adjective	oci	zimbabwéen	adjective	fra
Couturier	properNoun	oci	Couturier	properNoun	fra
Dauteuil	properNoun	oci	Dauteuil	properNoun	fra
Añon	properNoun	oci	Añon	properNoun	fra
Steben	properNoun	oci	Steben	properNoun	fra
suggestion	noun	oci	suggestion	noun	fra
a flor e a mesura de	preposition	oci	au fur et à mesure de	preposition	fra
politicaire	noun	oci	politicien	noun	fra
Mas	properNoun	oci	Mas	properNoun	fra
Félez	properNoun	oci	Félez	properNoun	fra
istoriografic	adjective	oci	historiographique	adjective	fra
organologia	noun	oci	organologie	noun	fra
tempèsta	noun	oci	tempête	noun	fra
fascisme	noun	oci	fascisme	noun	fra
tactic	adjective	oci	tactique	adjective	fra
Lenin	properNoun	oci	Lenin	properNoun	fra
Lenin	properNoun	oci	Lénine	properNoun	fra
Ballester	properNoun	oci	Ballester	properNoun	fra
lièit	noun	oci	lit	noun	fra
Roumeliotis	properNoun	oci	Roumeliotis	properNoun	fra
Chapman	properNoun	oci	Chapman	properNoun	fra
angelisme	noun	oci	angélisme	noun	fra
irritacion	noun	oci	irritation	noun	fra
Mathurin	properNoun	oci	Mathurin	properNoun	fra
Scotland	properNoun	oci	Scotland	properNoun	fra
Demi	properNoun	oci	Demi	properNoun	fra
laps	noun	oci	laps	noun	fra
Fitzpatrick	properNoun	oci	Fitzpatrick	properNoun	fra
panica	noun	oci	panique	noun	fra
Lemoine	properNoun	oci	Lemoine	properNoun	fra
excursion	noun	oci	excursion	noun	fra
Nivernés	properNoun	oci	Nivernais	properNoun	fra
vulva	noun	oci	vulve	noun	fra
Hivon	properNoun	oci	Hivon	properNoun	fra
Eileen	properNoun	oci	Eileen	properNoun	fra
merinjana	noun	oci	aubergine	noun	fra
Arties	properNoun	oci	Arties	properNoun	fra
recentament	adverb	oci	récemment	adverb	fra
Latif	properNoun	oci	Latif	properNoun	fra
en supausant que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	en supposant que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Bollo	properNoun	oci	Bollo	properNoun	fra
ermeneutica	noun	oci	herméneutique	noun	fra
Kabila	properNoun	oci	Kabila	properNoun	fra
lausèrt	noun	oci	lézard	noun	fra
Leonardo	properNoun	oci	Leonardo	properNoun	fra
vel	noun	oci	voile	noun	fra
violentament	adverb	oci	violemment	adverb	fra
Algarra	properNoun	oci	Algarra	properNoun	fra
Minguet	properNoun	oci	Minguet	properNoun	fra
agonic	adjective	oci	agonique	adjective	fra
floèma	noun	oci	phloème	noun	fra
germenar	verb	oci	germer	verb	fra
vint-e-uèit	numeral	oci	vingt-huit	numeral	fra
Ana	properNoun	oci	Ana	properNoun	fra
iPod	properNoun	oci	iPod	properNoun	fra
doat	noun	oci	égout	noun	fra
Mimbrero	properNoun	oci	Mimbrero	properNoun	fra
Tanaka	properNoun	oci	Tanaka	properNoun	fra
franquista	adjective	oci	franquiste	adjective	fra
indiscutible	adjective	oci	indiscutable	adjective	fra
esquisma	noun	oci	schisme	noun	fra
Quimper	properNoun	oci	Quimper	properNoun	fra
Lotte	properNoun	oci	Lotte	properNoun	fra
esquadra	noun	oci	escadre	noun	fra
Argilés	properNoun	oci	Argilés	properNoun	fra
fais	noun	oci	fardeau	noun	fra
autorizar	verb	oci	autoriser	verb	fra
Kirk	properNoun	oci	Kirk	properNoun	fra
constipacion	noun	oci	constipation	noun	fra
Friolet	properNoun	oci	Friolet	properNoun	fra
Candalija	properNoun	oci	Candalija	properNoun	fra
cumulatiu	adjective	oci	cumulatif	adjective	fra
Patricia	properNoun	oci	Patricia	properNoun	fra
Trizin	properNoun	oci	Trizin	properNoun	fra
Gallofré	properNoun	oci	Gallofré	properNoun	fra
espatla	noun	oci	épaule	noun	fra
Ais d'Alemanha	properNoun	oci	Aix-la-Chapelle	properNoun	fra
UAB	noun	oci	UAB	noun	fra
exacte	adjective	oci	exact	adjective	fra
parcialament	adverb	oci	partiellement	adverb	fra
barana	noun	oci	rambarde	noun	fra
Jan	properNoun	oci	Jan	properNoun	fra
São Tomé e Príncipe	properNoun	oci	Sao Tomé-et-Principe	properNoun	fra
peruvian	adjective	oci	péruvien	adjective	fra
Curdistan	properNoun	oci	Kurdistan	properNoun	fra
Palomar	properNoun	oci	Palomar	properNoun	fra
concision	noun	oci	concision	noun	fra
celtic	adjective	oci	celtique	adjective	fra
bagueta	noun	oci	baguette	noun	fra
Republica de Còngo	properNoun	oci	République du Congo	properNoun	fra
unifòrme	noun	oci	uniforme	noun	fra
Matvieychuc	properNoun	oci	Matvieychuc	properNoun	fra
FIA	noun	oci	FIA	noun	fra
vegetal	noun	oci	végétal	noun	fra
Trujillo	properNoun	oci	Trujillo	properNoun	fra
Liberge	properNoun	oci	Liberge	properNoun	fra
irrecobrable	adjective	oci	irrécouvrable	adjective	fra
superpoténcia	noun	oci	superpuissance	noun	fra
madur	adjective	oci	mûr	adjective	fra
Voisine	properNoun	oci	Voisine	properNoun	fra
un pauc mens de	preposition	oci	un peu moins de	preposition	fra
Guardiola	properNoun	oci	Guardiola	properNoun	fra
naveta	noun	oci	navette	noun	fra
Chaperon	properNoun	oci	Chaperon	properNoun	fra
Armesto	properNoun	oci	Armesto	properNoun	fra
telescopic	adjective	oci	télescopique	adjective	fra
Peluso	properNoun	oci	Peluso	properNoun	fra
lúder	verb	oci	briller	verb	fra
lúder	verb	oci	luire	verb	fra
Cohen	properNoun	oci	Cohen	properNoun	fra
Sauge	properNoun	oci	Sauge	properNoun	fra
Llort	properNoun	oci	Llort	properNoun	fra
Badosa	properNoun	oci	Badosa	properNoun	fra
Becket	properNoun	oci	Becket	properNoun	fra
getar	verb	oci	jeter	verb	fra
Querol	properNoun	oci	Querol	properNoun	fra
Anctil	properNoun	oci	Anctil	properNoun	fra
oitanta nau	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-neuf	numeral	fra
Euro	properNoun	oci	Euro	properNoun	fra
camisa	noun	oci	chemise	noun	fra
assag	noun	oci	essai	noun	fra
plastic	noun	oci	plastique	noun	fra
postum	adjective	oci	posthume	adjective	fra
divulgador	noun	oci	divulgateur	noun	fra
Primièr de Mai	properNoun	oci	Premier mai	properNoun	fra
rocós	adjective	oci	rocheux	adjective	fra
Franche	properNoun	oci	Franche	properNoun	fra
transcendent	adjective	oci	transcendant	adjective	fra
rejovenir	verb	oci	rajeunir	verb	fra
individualisme	noun	oci	individualisme	noun	fra
baste que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	pourvu que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Talarn	properNoun	oci	Talarn	properNoun	fra
culinari	adjective	oci	culinaire	adjective	fra
ICV	noun	oci	ICV	noun	fra
Ludovica	properNoun	oci	Ludovica	properNoun	fra
Larsen	properNoun	oci	Larsen	properNoun	fra
Mercedes	properNoun	oci	Mercedes	properNoun	fra
avançada	noun	oci	avancée	noun	fra
demostracion	noun	oci	démonstration	noun	fra
Grassi	properNoun	oci	Grassi	properNoun	fra
vas	noun	oci	vase	noun	fra
Vinuesa	properNoun	oci	Vinuesa	properNoun	fra
nasalitat	noun	oci	nasalité	noun	fra
paur	noun	oci	peur	noun	fra
tròp	noun	oci	trope	noun	fra
Acedo	properNoun	oci	Acedo	properNoun	fra
automobila	noun	oci	automobile	noun	fra
cristallizar	verb	oci	cristalliser	verb	fra
Grothendieck	properNoun	oci	Grothendieck	properNoun	fra
Mastromonaco	properNoun	oci	Mastromonaco	properNoun	fra
prefond	adjective	oci	profond	adjective	fra
astrofisica	noun	oci	astrophysique	noun	fra
moratòria	noun	oci	moratoire	noun	fra
Gogh	properNoun	oci	Gogh	properNoun	fra
Cavallé	properNoun	oci	Cavallé	properNoun	fra
sequestracion	noun	oci	séquestration	noun	fra
Ashton	properNoun	oci	Ashton	properNoun	fra
Scanu	properNoun	oci	Scanu	properNoun	fra
Aramendi	properNoun	oci	Aramendi	properNoun	fra
Pickford	properNoun	oci	Pickford	properNoun	fra
Vincenzo	properNoun	oci	Vincenzo	properNoun	fra
respectiu	adjective	oci	respectif	adjective	fra
resulta	noun	oci	résultat	noun	fra
Solanilla	properNoun	oci	Solanilla	properNoun	fra
cobèrt	noun	oci	couvert	noun	fra
cambe	noun	oci	chanvre	noun	fra
Eyre	properNoun	oci	Eyre	properNoun	fra
Felicia	properNoun	oci	Felicia	properNoun	fra
Lejarcegui	properNoun	oci	Lejarcegui	properNoun	fra
Estudillo	properNoun	oci	Estudillo	properNoun	fra
rèire	adjective	oci	arrière	adjective	fra
tetraplegic	adjective	oci	tétraplégique	adjective	fra
cuèch	adjective	oci	cuit	adjective	fra
Ruste	properNoun	oci	Ruste	properNoun	fra
Rosich	properNoun	oci	Rosich	properNoun	fra
Alençon	properNoun	oci	Alençon	properNoun	fra
afin de	preposition	oci	afin de	preposition	fra
Normandin	properNoun	oci	Normandin	properNoun	fra
açanèla	noun	oci	cenelle	noun	fra
Corbí	properNoun	oci	Corbí	properNoun	fra
estacar	verb	oci	attacher	verb	fra
conformar	verb	oci	conformer	verb	fra
Wikipedia	properNoun	oci	Wikipedia	properNoun	fra
Trillas	properNoun	oci	Trillas	properNoun	fra
dissident	adjective	oci	dissident	adjective	fra
magnificament	adverb	oci	magnifiquement	adverb	fra
Alaska	properNoun	oci	Alaska	properNoun	fra
Matteau	properNoun	oci	Matteau	properNoun	fra
Perarnau	properNoun	oci	Perarnau	properNoun	fra
supervisar	verb	oci	superviser	verb	fra
rigorista	adjective	oci	rigoriste	adjective	fra
antisistèma	adjective	oci	antisystème	adjective	fra
endauant	adverb	oci	avant	adverb	fra
ecologista	noun	oci	écologiste	noun	fra
contemplar	verb	oci	contempler	verb	fra
desuet	adjective	oci	désuet	adjective	fra
Dipaolo	properNoun	oci	Dipaolo	properNoun	fra
Iturbi	properNoun	oci	Iturbi	properNoun	fra
Patelmo	properNoun	oci	Patelmo	properNoun	fra
especificament	adverb	oci	spécifiquement	adverb	fra
oracion	noun	oci	oraison	noun	fra
legalitat	noun	oci	légalité	noun	fra
pacte	noun	oci	pacte	noun	fra
documentalista	noun	oci	documentaliste	noun	fra
plaser	noun	oci	plaisir	noun	fra
Arboleda	properNoun	oci	Arboleda	properNoun	fra
BNP	noun	oci	BNP	noun	fra
di Mauro	properNoun	oci	di Mauro	properNoun	fra
Brasseur	properNoun	oci	Brasseur	properNoun	fra
d'autant mai que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	d'autant plus que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Barents	properNoun	oci	Barents	properNoun	fra
instauracion	noun	oci	instauration	noun	fra
fabre	noun	oci	forgeron	noun	fra
Lamirande	properNoun	oci	Lamirande	properNoun	fra
Rottenberg	properNoun	oci	Rottenberg	properNoun	fra
Universal	properNoun	oci	Universal	properNoun	fra
pedagogic	adjective	oci	pédagogique	adjective	fra
Castells	properNoun	oci	Castells	properNoun	fra
ultim	noun	oci	dernier	noun	fra
sedentari	adjective	oci	sédentaire	adjective	fra
comprensiu	adjective	oci	compréhensif	adjective	fra
barralariá	noun	oci	tonnellerie	noun	fra
Musumeci	properNoun	oci	Musumeci	properNoun	fra
milièr	noun	oci	millier	noun	fra
Salinas	properNoun	oci	Salinas	properNoun	fra
umor	noun	oci	humour	noun	fra
umor	noun	oci	humeur	noun	fra
isomorfisme	noun	oci	isomorphisme	noun	fra
Dora	properNoun	oci	Dora	properNoun	fra
Carretero	properNoun	oci	Carretero	properNoun	fra
Jean-Pierre	properNoun	oci	Jean-Pierre	properNoun	fra
adipositat	noun	oci	adiposité	noun	fra
McGowan	properNoun	oci	McGowan	properNoun	fra
Richardson	properNoun	oci	Richardson	properNoun	fra
electricament	adverb	oci	électriquement	adverb	fra
Grillo	properNoun	oci	Grillo	properNoun	fra
dessentèri	noun	oci	dysenterie	noun	fra
Poe	properNoun	oci	Poe	properNoun	fra
Korshunova	properNoun	oci	Korshunova	properNoun	fra
o	coordinatingConjunction	oci	ou	coordinatingConjunction	fra
tan lèu que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	si tôt que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Sopena	properNoun	oci	Sopena	properNoun	fra
Fuji	properNoun	oci	Fuji	properNoun	fra
Garona	properNoun	oci	Garonne	properNoun	fra
afectar	verb	oci	affecter	verb	fra
Travería	properNoun	oci	Travería	properNoun	fra
arquitectura	noun	oci	architecture	noun	fra
guarda	noun	oci	garde	noun	fra
Atenas	properNoun	oci	Athènes	properNoun	fra
Argemí	properNoun	oci	Argemí	properNoun	fra
oèst	adjective	oci	ouest	adjective	fra
assimilable	adjective	oci	assimilable	adjective	fra
centralizacion	noun	oci	centralisation	noun	fra
anatomic	adjective	oci	anatomique	adjective	fra
banana	noun	oci	banane	noun	fra
cruissendilha	noun	oci	cartilage	noun	fra
Suñer	properNoun	oci	Suñer	properNoun	fra
distrèir	verb	oci	distraire	verb	fra
estupid	adjective	oci	stupide	adjective	fra
Lou	properNoun	oci	Lou	properNoun	fra
Saint-Germain	properNoun	oci	Saint-Germain	properNoun	fra
regatejaire	noun	oci	marchandeur	noun	fra
Cusson	properNoun	oci	Cusson	properNoun	fra
enquia	preposition	oci	jusqu'à	preposition	fra
Gironda	properNoun	oci	Gironde	properNoun	fra
parafrasar	verb	oci	paraphraser	verb	fra
Robb	properNoun	oci	Robb	properNoun	fra
Watson	properNoun	oci	Watson	properNoun	fra
Grècia	properNoun	oci	Grèce	properNoun	fra
reverend	adjective	oci	révérend	adjective	fra
burkinabe	noun	oci	Burkinabé	noun	fra
PP	noun	oci	PP	noun	fra
Hargreaves	properNoun	oci	Hargreaves	properNoun	fra
Voghel	properNoun	oci	Voghel	properNoun	fra
coheissar	verb	oci	avouer	verb	fra
contusion	noun	oci	meurtrissure	noun	fra
Puigdevall	properNoun	oci	Puigdevall	properNoun	fra
opereta	noun	oci	opérette	noun	fra
tona	noun	oci	tonne	noun	fra
artropòde	noun	oci	arthropode	noun	fra
espavent	noun	oci	effroi	noun	fra
Valldeoriola	properNoun	oci	Valldeoriola	properNoun	fra
posicion	noun	oci	position	noun	fra
activacion	noun	oci	activation	noun	fra
emprenhat	adjective	oci	enceinte	adjective	fra
braç e braç	adverb	oci	bras dessus bras dessous	adverb	fra
espiritisme	noun	oci	spiritisme	noun	fra
Cure	properNoun	oci	Cure	properNoun	fra
Clavello	properNoun	oci	Clavello	properNoun	fra
tre ara	adverb	oci	dès à présent	adverb	fra
Français	properNoun	oci	Français	properNoun	fra
prumier	noun	oci	premier	noun	fra
ren	pronoun	oci	rien	pronoun	fra
Linde	properNoun	oci	Linde	properNoun	fra
Ivars	properNoun	oci	Ivars	properNoun	fra
consistòri	noun	oci	consistoire	noun	fra
bugada	noun	oci	lessive	noun	fra
quimère	noun	oci	chimère	noun	fra
ERC	noun	oci	ERC	noun	fra
Vacca	properNoun	oci	Vacca	properNoun	fra
Renània	properNoun	oci	Rhénanie	properNoun	fra
Kaiser	properNoun	oci	Kaiser	properNoun	fra
embrancament	noun	oci	embranchement	noun	fra
ortodromia	noun	oci	orthodromie	noun	fra
frigola	noun	oci	thym	noun	fra
Esquembre	properNoun	oci	Esquembre	properNoun	fra
còit	adjective	oci	cuit	adjective	fra
flegmatic	adjective	oci	flegmatique	adjective	fra
Oakes	properNoun	oci	Oakes	properNoun	fra
creator	noun	oci	créateur	noun	fra
Kingston	properNoun	oci	Kingston	properNoun	fra
satisfar	verb	oci	satisfaire	verb	fra
ciclisme	noun	oci	cyclisme	noun	fra
bissauguinean	adjective	oci	bissaoguinéen	adjective	fra
sògre	noun	oci	beau-père	noun	fra
rèn	noun	oci	renne	noun	fra
frequentar	verb	oci	fréquenter	verb	fra
Clair	properNoun	oci	Clair	properNoun	fra
Madden	properNoun	oci	Madden	properNoun	fra
Samos	properNoun	oci	Samos	properNoun	fra
polifonic	adjective	oci	polyphonique	adjective	fra
binarisme	noun	oci	binarisme	noun	fra
Waters	properNoun	oci	Waters	properNoun	fra
laminar	verb	oci	laminer	verb	fra
Delarue	properNoun	oci	Delarue	properNoun	fra
Norris	properNoun	oci	Norris	properNoun	fra
Virgínia Occidentala	properNoun	oci	Virginie-Occidentale	properNoun	fra
torcar	verb	oci	torcher	verb	fra
Francesco	properNoun	oci	Francesco	properNoun	fra
bandir	verb	oci	bannir	verb	fra
afeccion	noun	oci	affection	noun	fra
Olalla	properNoun	oci	Olalla	properNoun	fra
sud-african	adjective	oci	sud-africain	adjective	fra
basquet	noun	oci	basket-ball	noun	fra
Pañella	properNoun	oci	Pañella	properNoun	fra
sadicament	adverb	oci	sadiquement	adverb	fra
Muriana	properNoun	oci	Muriana	properNoun	fra
sota la proteccion de	preposition	oci	sous la protection de	preposition	fra
Calvo	properNoun	oci	Calvo	properNoun	fra
Michelin	properNoun	oci	Michelin	properNoun	fra
safranós	adjective	oci	louche	adjective	fra
Joël	properNoun	oci	Joël	properNoun	fra
Oklahoma	properNoun	oci	Oklahoma	properNoun	fra
Nuño	properNoun	oci	Nuño	properNoun	fra
emanar	verb	oci	émaner	verb	fra
expulsar	verb	oci	expulser	verb	fra
apreciacion	noun	oci	appréciation	noun	fra
tiquet	noun	oci	ticket	noun	fra
Asti	properNoun	oci	Asti	properNoun	fra
lacunós	adjective	oci	lacuneux	adjective	fra
Marcatosa	properNoun	oci	Marcatosa	properNoun	fra
totun	adverb	oci	toutefois	adverb	fra
Globensky	properNoun	oci	Globensky	properNoun	fra
alunhament	noun	oci	éloignement	noun	fra
abatatge	noun	oci	abattage	noun	fra
règne	noun	oci	règne	noun	fra
extradicion	noun	oci	extradition	noun	fra
Falzone	properNoun	oci	Falzone	properNoun	fra
Belhaj	properNoun	oci	Belhaj	properNoun	fra
Aranega	properNoun	oci	Aranega	properNoun	fra
Bandera	properNoun	oci	Bandera	properNoun	fra
Legault	properNoun	oci	Legault	properNoun	fra
ordenador	adjective	oci	ordinateur	adjective	fra
Hohenzollern	properNoun	oci	Hohenzollern	properNoun	fra
Josu	properNoun	oci	Josu	properNoun	fra
epigenetic	adjective	oci	épigénétique	adjective	fra
joine	adjective	oci	jeune	adjective	fra
extraire	verb	oci	extraire	verb	fra
cicatritz	noun	oci	cicatrice	noun	fra
idronime	noun	oci	hydronyme	noun	fra
ACT	noun	oci	ACT	noun	fra
Ostal Blanc	properNoun	oci	Maison Blanche	properNoun	fra
Raquepas	properNoun	oci	Raquepas	properNoun	fra
Caballeria	properNoun	oci	Caballeria	properNoun	fra
Ellie	properNoun	oci	Ellie	properNoun	fra
pastèl	noun	oci	pastel	noun	fra
Corcoran	properNoun	oci	Corcoran	properNoun	fra
Miras	properNoun	oci	Miras	properNoun	fra
Clarice	properNoun	oci	Clarice	properNoun	fra
desmesurat	adjective	oci	démesuré	adjective	fra
Hudacký	properNoun	oci	Hudacký	properNoun	fra
Serroukh	properNoun	oci	Serroukh	properNoun	fra
Moïse	properNoun	oci	Moïse	properNoun	fra
fraseologia	noun	oci	phraséologie	noun	fra
testimoniar	verb	oci	témoigner	verb	fra
fetge	noun	oci	foie	noun	fra
borratja	noun	oci	bourrache	noun	fra
Villalon	properNoun	oci	Villalon	properNoun	fra
malaisidament	adverb	oci	avec difficulté	adverb	fra
Isabella	properNoun	oci	Isabella	properNoun	fra
Aparisi	properNoun	oci	Aparisi	properNoun	fra
Cantón	properNoun	oci	Cantón	properNoun	fra
prémer	verb	oci	appuyer sur	verb	fra
Jean	properNoun	oci	Jean	properNoun	fra
Auba	properNoun	oci	Aube	properNoun	fra
Richard	properNoun	oci	Richard	properNoun	fra
sintèsi	noun	oci	synthèse	noun	fra
Saxònia	properNoun	oci	Saxe	properNoun	fra
gladiator	noun	oci	gladiateur	noun	fra
Terraza	properNoun	oci	Terraza	properNoun	fra
familiar	adjective	oci	familier	adjective	fra
pressentida	noun	oci	pressentiment	noun	fra
Caralt	properNoun	oci	Caralt	properNoun	fra
Darveau	properNoun	oci	Darveau	properNoun	fra
estudi	noun	oci	étude	noun	fra
manco	adverb	oci	même	adverb	fra
Fortes	properNoun	oci	Fortes	properNoun	fra
torron	noun	oci	touron	noun	fra
Denning	properNoun	oci	Denning	properNoun	fra
tostemp	adverb	oci	toujours	adverb	fra
exoneracion	noun	oci	exonération	noun	fra
Garai	properNoun	oci	Garai	properNoun	fra
mèra	noun	oci	maire	noun	fra
Sellers	properNoun	oci	Sellers	properNoun	fra
cresp	noun	oci	crêpe	noun	fra
Martina	properNoun	oci	Martina	properNoun	fra
montet	noun	oci	monticule	noun	fra
Brillant	properNoun	oci	Brillant	properNoun	fra
McKelvey	properNoun	oci	McKelvey	properNoun	fra
escalfament	noun	oci	échauffement	noun	fra
ortografic	adjective	oci	orthographique	adjective	fra
Jolie	properNoun	oci	Jolie	properNoun	fra
ergonomic	adjective	oci	ergonomique	adjective	fra
Cervero	properNoun	oci	Cervero	properNoun	fra
diatonic	adjective	oci	diatonique	adjective	fra
feminista	noun	oci	féministe	noun	fra
Shearer	properNoun	oci	Shearer	properNoun	fra
Gual	properNoun	oci	Gual	properNoun	fra
Woods	properNoun	oci	Woods	properNoun	fra
Bratislava	properNoun	oci	Bratislava	properNoun	fra
Faguy	properNoun	oci	Faguy	properNoun	fra
Wachowski	properNoun	oci	Wachowski	properNoun	fra
colcar	noun	oci	coucher	noun	fra
pacient	noun	oci	patient	noun	fra
Basilèa	properNoun	oci	Bâle	properNoun	fra
competent	adjective	oci	compétent	adjective	fra
cuècha	noun	oci	cuisson	noun	fra
envolopar	verb	oci	envelopper	verb	fra
Chehade	properNoun	oci	Chehade	properNoun	fra
Schnabel	properNoun	oci	Schnabel	properNoun	fra
resisténcia	noun	oci	résistance	noun	fra
demarcacion	noun	oci	démarcation	noun	fra
veracitat	noun	oci	véracité	noun	fra
Igor	properNoun	oci	Igor	properNoun	fra
considerant	noun	oci	considérant	noun	fra
intèrnament	adverb	oci	internement	adverb	fra
ulcèra	noun	oci	ulcère	noun	fra
gigant	adjective	oci	géant	adjective	fra
Azar	properNoun	oci	Azar	properNoun	fra
Cufi	properNoun	oci	Cufi	properNoun	fra
Imaz	properNoun	oci	Imaz	properNoun	fra
satira	noun	oci	satire	noun	fra
reconhar	verb	oci	cacher	verb	fra
Pasolini	properNoun	oci	Pasolini	properNoun	fra
calfar	verb	oci	chauffer	verb	fra
Wagner	properNoun	oci	Wagner	properNoun	fra
numerotar	verb	oci	numéroter	verb	fra
Mahoney	properNoun	oci	Mahoney	properNoun	fra
pustula	noun	oci	pustule	noun	fra
tornamai	adverb	oci	de nouveau	adverb	fra
indiscutiblament	adverb	oci	indiscutablement	adverb	fra
marin	noun	oci	marin	noun	fra
de biscaire	adverb	oci	de travers	adverb	fra
Woodard	properNoun	oci	Woodard	properNoun	fra
Delude	properNoun	oci	Delude	properNoun	fra
bacin	noun	oci	bassin	noun	fra
subrevivent	adjective	oci	survivant	adjective	fra
Corey	properNoun	oci	Corey	properNoun	fra
Foley	properNoun	oci	Foley	properNoun	fra
cacofonic	adjective	oci	cacophonique	adjective	fra
Georgette	properNoun	oci	Georgette	properNoun	fra
ortodontic	adjective	oci	orthodontique	adjective	fra
Valiante	properNoun	oci	Valiante	properNoun	fra
òste	noun	oci	hôte	noun	fra
Moncada	properNoun	oci	Moncada	properNoun	fra
instruccion	noun	oci	instruction	noun	fra
a fin de	preposition	oci	afin de	preposition	fra
indonesian	noun	oci	indonésien	noun	fra
masculin	adjective	oci	masculin	adjective	fra
encoratjar	verb	oci	encourager	verb	fra
martir	noun	oci	martyr	noun	fra
Kathleen	properNoun	oci	Kathleen	properNoun	fra
desfisament	noun	oci	défi	noun	fra
Portas	properNoun	oci	Portas	properNoun	fra
Laurent	properNoun	oci	Laurent	properNoun	fra
Joyce	properNoun	oci	Joyce	properNoun	fra
dauant	adverb	oci	devant	adverb	fra
Mini	properNoun	oci	Mini	properNoun	fra
Bedmar	properNoun	oci	Bedmar	properNoun	fra
En marcha	properNoun	oci	En marche	properNoun	fra
Eugèni	properNoun	oci	Eugèni	properNoun	fra
recular	verb	oci	reculer	verb	fra
Aizpuru	properNoun	oci	Aizpuru	properNoun	fra
Castilla	properNoun	oci	Castilla	properNoun	fra
Pathmanathan	properNoun	oci	Pathmanathan	properNoun	fra
Qureshi	properNoun	oci	Qureshi	properNoun	fra
von Blottnitz	properNoun	oci	von Blottnitz	properNoun	fra
Jessica	properNoun	oci	Jessica	properNoun	fra
incontestable	adjective	oci	incontestable	adjective	fra
Colella	properNoun	oci	Colella	properNoun	fra
comptar	verb	oci	compter	verb	fra
Potočnik	properNoun	oci	Potočnik	properNoun	fra
garant	noun	oci	garant	noun	fra
grat	noun	oci	gré	noun	fra
Jaca	properNoun	oci	Jaca	properNoun	fra
electrificar	verb	oci	électrifier	verb	fra
lionés	noun	oci	Lyonnais	noun	fra
acostic	adjective	oci	acoustique	adjective	fra
a fòrça de	preposition	oci	à force de	preposition	fra
Macarèl	properNoun	oci	Macarèl	properNoun	fra
a l'imitacion de	preposition	oci	à l'imitation de	preposition	fra
Mañés	properNoun	oci	Mañés	properNoun	fra
consigna	noun	oci	consigne	noun	fra
ritmar	verb	oci	rythmer	verb	fra
momentanèament	adverb	oci	momentanément	adverb	fra
arborescéncia	noun	oci	arborescence	noun	fra
difamar	verb	oci	diffamer	verb	fra
Rumsfeld	properNoun	oci	Rumsfeld	properNoun	fra
dèrma	noun	oci	derme	noun	fra
comunista	adjective	oci	communiste	adjective	fra
Drammeh	properNoun	oci	Drammeh	properNoun	fra
Desamparados	properNoun	oci	Desamparados	properNoun	fra
interioritat	noun	oci	intériorité	noun	fra
Penedés	properNoun	oci	Penedés	properNoun	fra
venjança	noun	oci	vengeance	noun	fra
verenha	noun	oci	vendange	noun	fra
estudiant	noun	oci	étudiant	noun	fra
endreit	noun	oci	endroit	noun	fra
Bonneau	properNoun	oci	Bonneau	properNoun	fra
Sioui	properNoun	oci	Sioui	properNoun	fra
Allan	properNoun	oci	Allan	properNoun	fra
epistolar	adjective	oci	épistolaire	adjective	fra
ghanés	noun	oci	Ghanéen	noun	fra
aparentament	adverb	oci	apparemment	adverb	fra
sacristia	noun	oci	sacristie	noun	fra
Alexandre Dumas	properNoun	oci	Alexandre Dumas	properNoun	fra
von Simmern-Zweibrücken	properNoun	oci	von Simmern-Zweibrücken	properNoun	fra
Kristin	properNoun	oci	Kristin	properNoun	fra
del Arco	properNoun	oci	del Arco	properNoun	fra
Saliba	properNoun	oci	Saliba	properNoun	fra
duplicitat	noun	oci	duplicité	noun	fra
agost	noun	oci	août	noun	fra
oscillacion	noun	oci	oscillation	noun	fra
Akira	properNoun	oci	Akira	properNoun	fra
Chisholm	properNoun	oci	Chisholm	properNoun	fra
atomic	adjective	oci	atomique	adjective	fra
Rosillo	properNoun	oci	Rosillo	properNoun	fra
dessalinizar	verb	oci	désaliniser	verb	fra
caireforc	noun	oci	croisement	noun	fra
caireforc	noun	oci	carrefour	noun	fra
pasteurizacion	noun	oci	pasteurisation	noun	fra
Roach	properNoun	oci	Roach	properNoun	fra
morala	noun	oci	morale	noun	fra
Spence	properNoun	oci	Spence	properNoun	fra
Llinares	properNoun	oci	Llinares	properNoun	fra
ermitatge	noun	oci	ermitage	noun	fra
regéncia	noun	oci	régence	noun	fra
manuscrich	adjective	oci	manuscrit	adjective	fra
namibian	noun	oci	Namibien	noun	fra
reiterat	adjective	oci	réitéré	adjective	fra
Omar	properNoun	oci	Omar	properNoun	fra
escòrta	noun	oci	escorte	noun	fra
Dudek	properNoun	oci	Dudek	properNoun	fra
a mens que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	à moins que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
en fait	adverb	oci	en fait	adverb	fra
Escarpit	properNoun	oci	Escarpit	properNoun	fra
net	noun	oci	propre	noun	fra
Diotte	properNoun	oci	Diotte	properNoun	fra
Peireta	properNoun	oci	Peireta	properNoun	fra
Auvèrnha	properNoun	oci	Auvergne	properNoun	fra
neolitic	adjective	oci	néolithique	adjective	fra
East	properNoun	oci	East	properNoun	fra
notacion	noun	oci	notation	noun	fra
vilatgenc	noun	oci	villageois	noun	fra
trempa	noun	oci	trempe	noun	fra
Simard	properNoun	oci	Simard	properNoun	fra
independentament	adverb	oci	indépendamment	adverb	fra
Sayos	properNoun	oci	Sayos	properNoun	fra
Careddu	properNoun	oci	Careddu	properNoun	fra
percórrer	verb	oci	parcourir	verb	fra
Stubbs	properNoun	oci	Stubbs	properNoun	fra
Whyte	properNoun	oci	Whyte	properNoun	fra
anticoagulant	noun	oci	anticoagulant	noun	fra
vim	noun	oci	osier	noun	fra
Mossol	properNoun	oci	Mossoul	properNoun	fra
Hospitalet	properNoun	oci	Hospitalet	properNoun	fra
baldra	noun	oci	boue	noun	fra
Ruggirello	properNoun	oci	Ruggirello	properNoun	fra
Louisjeune	properNoun	oci	Louisjeune	properNoun	fra
Nolan	properNoun	oci	Nolan	properNoun	fra
delegat	adjective	oci	délégué	adjective	fra
Vaello	properNoun	oci	Vaello	properNoun	fra
antispasmodic	adjective	oci	antispasmodique	adjective	fra
Veneçuèla	properNoun	oci	Vénézuela	properNoun	fra
al revèrs de	preposition	oci	à rebours de	preposition	fra
Trenchs	properNoun	oci	Trenchs	properNoun	fra
estepa	noun	oci	steppe	noun	fra
Hinojo	properNoun	oci	Hinojo	properNoun	fra
rapacitat	noun	oci	rapacité	noun	fra
disseparat	adjective	oci	séparé	adjective	fra
penalizacion	noun	oci	pénalisation	noun	fra
Wehbe	properNoun	oci	Wehbe	properNoun	fra
Nantel	properNoun	oci	Nantel	properNoun	fra
reconciliar	verb	oci	réconcilier	verb	fra
xilèma	noun	oci	xylème	noun	fra
Pavón	properNoun	oci	Pavón	properNoun	fra
Casassas	properNoun	oci	Casassas	properNoun	fra
Capurro	properNoun	oci	Capurro	properNoun	fra
impròpriament	adverb	oci	improprement	adverb	fra
Andersen	properNoun	oci	Andersen	properNoun	fra
Caridad	properNoun	oci	Caridad	properNoun	fra
Larouche	properNoun	oci	Larouche	properNoun	fra
Claudel	properNoun	oci	Claudel	properNoun	fra
lúser	verb	oci	luire	verb	fra
Chinchilla	properNoun	oci	Chinchilla	properNoun	fra
chalet	noun	oci	chalet	noun	fra
envernissar	verb	oci	vernir	verb	fra
baile	noun	oci	marguillier	noun	fra
Katmandó	properNoun	oci	Katmandou	properNoun	fra
auvernhat	adjective	oci	auvergnat	adjective	fra
Florian	properNoun	oci	Florian	properNoun	fra
blanquir	verb	oci	blanchir	verb	fra
Figaredo	properNoun	oci	Figaredo	properNoun	fra
Dakota del Sud	properNoun	oci	Dakota du Sud	properNoun	fra
aubergina	noun	oci	aubergine	noun	fra
Buffone	properNoun	oci	Buffone	properNoun	fra
Dürer	properNoun	oci	Dürer	properNoun	fra
metafisic	adjective	oci	métaphysique	adjective	fra
Saint Louis	properNoun	oci	Saint Louis	properNoun	fra
Alberdi	properNoun	oci	Alberdi	properNoun	fra
paquistanés	adjective	oci	pakistanais	adjective	fra
Aitor	properNoun	oci	Aitor	properNoun	fra
Capone	properNoun	oci	Capone	properNoun	fra
especific	adjective	oci	spécifique	adjective	fra
Ziani	properNoun	oci	Ziani	properNoun	fra
Yogi	properNoun	oci	Yogi	properNoun	fra
Fabián	properNoun	oci	Fabián	properNoun	fra
Bellevue	properNoun	oci	Bellevue	properNoun	fra
multilingüe	adjective	oci	multilingue	adjective	fra
Lufthansa	properNoun	oci	Lufthansa	properNoun	fra
regim	noun	oci	régime	noun	fra
acadian	noun	oci	Acadien	noun	fra
palmadoira	noun	oci	férule	noun	fra
granhòta	noun	oci	grenouille	noun	fra
Cuesta	properNoun	oci	Cuesta	properNoun	fra
identificador	adjective	oci	identificateur	adjective	fra
Guillamet	properNoun	oci	Guillamet	properNoun	fra
Fahy	properNoun	oci	Fahy	properNoun	fra
carròça	noun	oci	calèche	noun	fra
dorsièr	noun	oci	dossier	noun	fra
Natalie	properNoun	oci	Natalie	properNoun	fra
Spenser	properNoun	oci	Spenser	properNoun	fra
Urrea	properNoun	oci	Urrea	properNoun	fra
processon	noun	oci	procession	noun	fra
Tait	properNoun	oci	Tait	properNoun	fra
Quirguizstan	properNoun	oci	Kirghizistan	properNoun	fra
Real	properNoun	oci	Real	properNoun	fra
Panadés	properNoun	oci	Panadés	properNoun	fra
Rousset	properNoun	oci	Rousset	properNoun	fra
Pijuan	properNoun	oci	Pijuan	properNoun	fra
aglan	noun	oci	gland	noun	fra
libraria	noun	oci	librairie	noun	fra
bivaléncia	noun	oci	bivalence	noun	fra
Francés	properNoun	oci	Francés	properNoun	fra
Francés	properNoun	oci	François	properNoun	fra
Yvelines	properNoun	oci	Yvelines	properNoun	fra
Redman	properNoun	oci	Redman	properNoun	fra
procedéncia	noun	oci	provenance	noun	fra
racordar	verb	oci	raccorder	verb	fra
especimèn	noun	oci	spécimen	noun	fra
Impalà	properNoun	oci	Impalà	properNoun	fra
Chaloux	properNoun	oci	Chaloux	properNoun	fra
teulièr	noun	oci	couvreur	noun	fra
cosmic	adjective	oci	cosmique	adjective	fra
Pilote	properNoun	oci	Pilote	properNoun	fra
onorari	adjective	oci	honoraire	adjective	fra
scenic	adjective	oci	scénique	adjective	fra
Ceausescu	properNoun	oci	Ceausescu	properNoun	fra
ventalh	noun	oci	éventail	noun	fra
occitanofil	adjective	oci	occitanophile	adjective	fra
captiu	noun	oci	captif	noun	fra
Parveen	properNoun	oci	Parveen	properNoun	fra
Pleyel	properNoun	oci	Pleyel	properNoun	fra
prepausar	verb	oci	proposer	verb	fra
Allard	properNoun	oci	Allard	properNoun	fra
Carballido	properNoun	oci	Carballido	properNoun	fra
Laforge	properNoun	oci	Laforge	properNoun	fra
Dolores	properNoun	oci	Dolores	properNoun	fra
Malec	properNoun	oci	Malec	properNoun	fra
es aital que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	c'est ainsi que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Ferrater	properNoun	oci	Ferrater	properNoun	fra
Turquia	properNoun	oci	Turquie	properNoun	fra
Boronat	properNoun	oci	Boronat	properNoun	fra
tumult	noun	oci	tumulte	noun	fra
Amades	properNoun	oci	Amades	properNoun	fra
Andreux	properNoun	oci	Andreux	properNoun	fra
Aranegi	properNoun	oci	Aranegi	properNoun	fra
tropisme	noun	oci	tropisme	noun	fra
Purdy	properNoun	oci	Purdy	properNoun	fra
Pardell	properNoun	oci	Pardell	properNoun	fra
Landriault	properNoun	oci	Landriault	properNoun	fra
vaca	noun	oci	vache	noun	fra
rancareda	noun	oci	falaise	noun	fra
rancareda	noun	oci	rocher	noun	fra
Mickel	properNoun	oci	Mickel	properNoun	fra
Berendes	properNoun	oci	Berendes	properNoun	fra
Vallcarca	properNoun	oci	Vallcarca	properNoun	fra
Engelbart	properNoun	oci	Engelbart	properNoun	fra
reimpression	noun	oci	réimpression	noun	fra
Novellà	properNoun	oci	Novellà	properNoun	fra
Campoy	properNoun	oci	Campoy	properNoun	fra
Cayero	properNoun	oci	Cayero	properNoun	fra
umanitari	adjective	oci	humanitaire	adjective	fra
interrogator	adjective	oci	interrogateur	adjective	fra
gigantesc	adjective	oci	gigantesque	adjective	fra
jaune	adjective	oci	jaune	adjective	fra
Fulla	properNoun	oci	Fulla	properNoun	fra
comparar	verb	oci	comparer	verb	fra
Anadón	properNoun	oci	Anadón	properNoun	fra
termofòn	noun	oci	thermophone	noun	fra
sobre	preposition	oci	sur	preposition	fra
senador	noun	oci	sénateur	noun	fra
Corresa	properNoun	oci	Corrèze	properNoun	fra
Klein	properNoun	oci	Klein	properNoun	fra
72n	adjective	oci	72ème	adjective	fra
mar de las Antilhas	properNoun	oci	mer des Antilles	properNoun	fra
validitat	noun	oci	validité	noun	fra
dinastia	noun	oci	dynastie	noun	fra
Ambrós	properNoun	oci	Ambrós	properNoun	fra
Cabildo	properNoun	oci	Cabildo	properNoun	fra
contorn	noun	oci	contour	noun	fra
georgian	adjective	oci	géorgien	adjective	fra
infusion	noun	oci	infusion	noun	fra
incomprensible	adjective	oci	incompréhensible	adjective	fra
surtot	adverb	oci	surtout	adverb	fra
surtot	adverb	oci	notamment	adverb	fra
defensa	noun	oci	défense	noun	fra
Gañan	properNoun	oci	Gañan	properNoun	fra
Arbós	properNoun	oci	Arbós	properNoun	fra
diadèma	noun	oci	diadème	noun	fra
Armelle	properNoun	oci	Armelle	properNoun	fra
Peñalver	properNoun	oci	Peñalver	properNoun	fra
estilò	noun	oci	stylo	noun	fra
Moix	properNoun	oci	Moix	properNoun	fra
Cardano	properNoun	oci	Cardano	properNoun	fra
Peñuela	properNoun	oci	Peñuela	properNoun	fra
legislatura	noun	oci	législature	noun	fra
director	adjective	oci	directeur	adjective	fra
Juez	properNoun	oci	Juez	properNoun	fra
dirècte	adjective	oci	direct	adjective	fra
carcassa	noun	oci	carcasse	noun	fra
Zambito	properNoun	oci	Zambito	properNoun	fra
Chessa	properNoun	oci	Chessa	properNoun	fra
Snowboy	properNoun	oci	Snowboy	properNoun	fra
gota	noun	oci	goutte	noun	fra
Dueñas	properNoun	oci	Dueñas	properNoun	fra
Finnegan	properNoun	oci	Finnegan	properNoun	fra
Ryan	properNoun	oci	Ryan	properNoun	fra
Jančura	properNoun	oci	Jančura	properNoun	fra
Galipeau	properNoun	oci	Galipeau	properNoun	fra
Boniface	properNoun	oci	Boniface	properNoun	fra
Louvre	properNoun	oci	Louvre	properNoun	fra
conte	noun	oci	conte	noun	fra
Lacalle	properNoun	oci	Lacalle	properNoun	fra
Íñigo	properNoun	oci	Íñigo	properNoun	fra
denominatiu	adjective	oci	dénominatif	adjective	fra
Gomariz	properNoun	oci	Gomariz	properNoun	fra
Bonell	properNoun	oci	Bonell	properNoun	fra
invariància	noun	oci	invariance	noun	fra
Melanchthon	properNoun	oci	Melanchthon	properNoun	fra
ABC	properNoun	oci	ABC	properNoun	fra
quatren	noun	oci	quatrième	noun	fra
equipa	noun	oci	équipe	noun	fra
Valérie	properNoun	oci	Valérie	properNoun	fra
Masri	properNoun	oci	Masri	properNoun	fra
maçonic	adjective	oci	maçonnique	adjective	fra
Orals	properNoun	oci	Oural	properNoun	fra
guastar	verb	oci	avorter	verb	fra
Tumbarello	properNoun	oci	Tumbarello	properNoun	fra
Lin	properNoun	oci	Lin	properNoun	fra
TGV	noun	oci	TGV	noun	fra
Guité	properNoun	oci	Guité	properNoun	fra
sudamerican	noun	oci	Sud-Américain	noun	fra
Renoir	properNoun	oci	Renoir	properNoun	fra
tronar	verb	oci	tonner	verb	fra
màger	adjective	oci	majeur	adjective	fra
Camiré	properNoun	oci	Camiré	properNoun	fra
Delorme	properNoun	oci	Delorme	properNoun	fra
Bonaparte	properNoun	oci	Bonaparte	properNoun	fra
Alfa	properNoun	oci	Alfa	properNoun	fra
Yee	properNoun	oci	Yee	properNoun	fra
Espitia	properNoun	oci	Espitia	properNoun	fra
dirèctament	adverb	oci	directement	adverb	fra
esteril	adjective	oci	stérile	adjective	fra
virulent	adjective	oci	virulent	adjective	fra
galèia	noun	oci	galée	noun	fra
padèla	noun	oci	poêle	noun	fra
aupin	adjective	oci	alpin	adjective	fra
fava	noun	oci	fève	noun	fra
Bedreddin	properNoun	oci	Bedreddin	properNoun	fra
insaciable	adjective	oci	insaciable	adjective	fra
espitalièr	adjective	oci	hospitalier	adjective	fra
atavic	adjective	oci	atavique	adjective	fra
Zarranz	properNoun	oci	Zarranz	properNoun	fra
Kandiah	properNoun	oci	Kandiah	properNoun	fra
Kaliningrad	properNoun	oci	Kaliningrad	properNoun	fra
Tapin	properNoun	oci	Tapin	properNoun	fra
von Haller	properNoun	oci	von Haller	properNoun	fra
ecotoxicologia	noun	oci	écotoxicologie	noun	fra
farcir	verb	oci	farcir	verb	fra
Blouin	properNoun	oci	Blouin	properNoun	fra
magistratura	noun	oci	magistrature	noun	fra
ueitanta	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt	numeral	fra
forécia	noun	oci	banlieue	noun	fra
Vivancos	properNoun	oci	Vivancos	properNoun	fra
islamista	noun	oci	islamiste	noun	fra
Conti	properNoun	oci	Conti	properNoun	fra
Trempe	properNoun	oci	Trempe	properNoun	fra
predeterminat	adjective	oci	prédéterminé	adjective	fra
Charanta Maritima	properNoun	oci	Charente-Maritime	properNoun	fra
separadament	adverb	oci	séparément	adverb	fra
engatjat	adjective	oci	engagé	adjective	fra
Jardí	properNoun	oci	Jardí	properNoun	fra
aviador	noun	oci	aviateur	noun	fra
ventilar	verb	oci	ventiler	verb	fra
còfa	noun	oci	coiffe	noun	fra
Queral	properNoun	oci	Queral	properNoun	fra
Curry	properNoun	oci	Curry	properNoun	fra
entreveire	verb	oci	entrevoir	verb	fra
amiant	noun	oci	amiante	noun	fra
lordièra	noun	oci	bêtise	noun	fra
Scooby	properNoun	oci	Scooby	properNoun	fra
agregatiu	adjective	oci	agrégatif	adjective	fra
solvabilitat	noun	oci	solvabilité	noun	fra
granièr	noun	oci	grenier	noun	fra
lubrificar	verb	oci	lubrifier	verb	fra
Vauban	properNoun	oci	Vauban	properNoun	fra
Lhérault	properNoun	oci	Lhérault	properNoun	fra
allegar	verb	oci	alléguer	verb	fra
nobilitat	noun	oci	nobilité	noun	fra
eliça	noun	oci	hélice	noun	fra
Güida	properNoun	oci	Güida	properNoun	fra
Montolio	properNoun	oci	Montolio	properNoun	fra
Mingot	properNoun	oci	Mingot	properNoun	fra
infant	noun	oci	infant	noun	fra
guinean	noun	oci	Guinéen	noun	fra
Mubarak	properNoun	oci	Mubarak	properNoun	fra
sorgentar	verb	oci	feuiller	verb	fra
Maheux	properNoun	oci	Maheux	properNoun	fra
Petion	properNoun	oci	Petion	properNoun	fra
indulgéncia	noun	oci	indulgence	noun	fra
desblocatge	noun	oci	déblocage	noun	fra
cloca	noun	oci	poule	noun	fra
Wolff	properNoun	oci	Wolff	properNoun	fra
McMillan	properNoun	oci	McMillan	properNoun	fra
Hernándis	properNoun	oci	Hernándis	properNoun	fra
ressentir	verb	oci	ressentir	verb	fra
detzau	adjective	oci	dixième	adjective	fra
evidentament	adverb	oci	évidemment	adverb	fra
protagonizar	verb	oci	jouer le rôle principal	verb	fra
còire	verb	oci	cuire	verb	fra
gabarra	noun	oci	péniche	noun	fra
Gandía	properNoun	oci	Gandía	properNoun	fra
conspirator	noun	oci	conspirateur	noun	fra
Carcassona	properNoun	oci	Carcassonne	properNoun	fra
paralum	noun	oci	écran	noun	fra
materializacion	noun	oci	matérialisation	noun	fra
belauan	adjective	oci	paluan	adjective	fra
Théorêt	properNoun	oci	Théorêt	properNoun	fra
indèx	noun	oci	index	noun	fra
alliteracion	noun	oci	allitération	noun	fra
escarena	noun	oci	asticot	noun	fra
Beaupré	properNoun	oci	Beaupré	properNoun	fra
Gassol	properNoun	oci	Gassol	properNoun	fra
d'abocadents	adverb	oci	la face contre terre	adverb	fra
bèlga	adjective	oci	belge	adjective	fra
perversion	noun	oci	perversion	noun	fra
antidopatge	adjective	oci	antidopage	adjective	fra
front	noun	oci	front	noun	fra
ambulatòri	adjective	oci	ambulatoire	adjective	fra
docimologia	noun	oci	docimologie	noun	fra
Lamontagne	properNoun	oci	Lamontagne	properNoun	fra
inequitable	adjective	oci	inéquitable	adjective	fra
qualitat	noun	oci	qualité	noun	fra
Azzouz	properNoun	oci	Azzouz	properNoun	fra
Stewart	properNoun	oci	Stewart	properNoun	fra
aplicat	adjective	oci	appliqué	adjective	fra
Subirana	properNoun	oci	Subirana	properNoun	fra
Pedret	properNoun	oci	Pedret	properNoun	fra
assedegat	adjective	oci	assoiffé	adjective	fra
bòrlhe	adjective	oci	borgne	adjective	fra
Sampere	properNoun	oci	Sampere	properNoun	fra
evacuar	verb	oci	évacuer	verb	fra
Morral	properNoun	oci	Morral	properNoun	fra
Damphousse	properNoun	oci	Damphousse	properNoun	fra
a fin e a mesura	adverb	oci	au fur et à mesure	adverb	fra
falsetat	noun	oci	fausseté	noun	fra
misticisme	noun	oci	mysticisme	noun	fra
Boixareu	properNoun	oci	Boixareu	properNoun	fra
pel primièr còp	adverb	oci	pour la première fois	adverb	fra
Zoé	properNoun	oci	Zoé	properNoun	fra
Kurt	properNoun	oci	Kurt	properNoun	fra
Montaner	properNoun	oci	Montaner	properNoun	fra
de Paco	properNoun	oci	de Paco	properNoun	fra
necior	noun	oci	sottise	noun	fra
Rozon	properNoun	oci	Rozon	properNoun	fra
Monaco	properNoun	oci	Monaco	properNoun	fra
Olanda	properNoun	oci	Hollande	properNoun	fra
procurar	verb	oci	procurer	verb	fra
von Rienäcker	properNoun	oci	von Rienäcker	properNoun	fra
OPEP	noun	oci	OPEP	noun	fra
Inglés	properNoun	oci	Inglés	properNoun	fra
Szabo	properNoun	oci	Szabo	properNoun	fra
pichon	adjective	oci	petit	adjective	fra
Wilde	properNoun	oci	Wilde	properNoun	fra
condemnatòri	adjective	oci	condamnatoire	adjective	fra
pèça	noun	oci	pièce	noun	fra
legeire	noun	oci	lecteur	noun	fra
arendola	noun	oci	hirondelle	noun	fra
autonomic	adjective	oci	autonomique	adjective	fra
adversitat	noun	oci	adversité	noun	fra
arròba	noun	oci	arrobe	noun	fra
Ernestine	properNoun	oci	Ernestine	properNoun	fra
negociar	verb	oci	négocier	verb	fra
Bernini	properNoun	oci	Bernini	properNoun	fra
Losilla	properNoun	oci	Losilla	properNoun	fra
defensor	noun	oci	défenseur	noun	fra
Damien	properNoun	oci	Damien	properNoun	fra
Barranco	properNoun	oci	Barranco	properNoun	fra
Cédric	properNoun	oci	Cédric	properNoun	fra
figurat	adjective	oci	figuré	adjective	fra
capitalizacion	noun	oci	capitalisation	noun	fra
Assenjo	properNoun	oci	Assenjo	properNoun	fra
Fabbri	properNoun	oci	Fabbri	properNoun	fra
perpetualament	adverb	oci	perpétuellement	adverb	fra
Mongeon	properNoun	oci	Mongeon	properNoun	fra
Gheorghe	properNoun	oci	Gheorghe	properNoun	fra
ièrla	noun	oci	île	noun	fra
sollicitat	adjective	oci	sollicité	adjective	fra
se per cas	subordinatingConjunction	oci	au cas où	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Jouyet	properNoun	oci	Jouyet	properNoun	fra
Eracles	properNoun	oci	Héraclès	properNoun	fra
polifonista	noun	oci	polyphoniste	noun	fra
Elvira	properNoun	oci	Elvira	properNoun	fra
segondari	adjective	oci	secondaire	adjective	fra
titularizacion	noun	oci	titularisation	noun	fra
Huegun	properNoun	oci	Huegun	properNoun	fra
immobilizar	verb	oci	immobiliser	verb	fra
veteran	adjective	oci	vétéran	adjective	fra
extremitat	noun	oci	extrémité	noun	fra
Walters	properNoun	oci	Walters	properNoun	fra
òm	pronoun	oci	on	pronoun	fra
òm	pronoun	oci	on	reflexivePersonalPronoun	fra
reviviscéncia	noun	oci	reviviscence	noun	fra
amputacion	noun	oci	amputation	noun	fra
Real Madrid	properNoun	oci	Real Madrid	properNoun	fra
negociacion	noun	oci	négociation	noun	fra
escurar	verb	oci	ronger	verb	fra
Houle	properNoun	oci	Houle	properNoun	fra
Dublín	properNoun	oci	Dublin	properNoun	fra
Claudina	properNoun	oci	Claudina	properNoun	fra
Nadal	properNoun	oci	Nadal	properNoun	fra
Nkrumah	properNoun	oci	Nkrumah	properNoun	fra
impregnar	verb	oci	imprégner	verb	fra
elision	noun	oci	élision	noun	fra
Hayward	properNoun	oci	Hayward	properNoun	fra
Doñate	properNoun	oci	Doñate	properNoun	fra
retina	noun	oci	rétine	noun	fra
transitivament	adverb	oci	transitivement	adverb	fra
Mascaró	properNoun	oci	Mascaró	properNoun	fra
42n	adjective	oci	42ème	adjective	fra
mercenari	noun	oci	mercenaire	noun	fra
cromosfèra	noun	oci	chromosphère	noun	fra
Casanellas	properNoun	oci	Casanellas	properNoun	fra
Cyr	properNoun	oci	Cyr	properNoun	fra
Oise	properNoun	oci	Oise	properNoun	fra
falguièra	noun	oci	fougère	noun	fra
anterior	adjective	oci	précédent	adjective	fra
anterior	adjective	oci	antérieur	adjective	fra
numeric	adjective	oci	numérique	adjective	fra
Orihuel	properNoun	oci	Orihuel	properNoun	fra
Aitken	properNoun	oci	Aitken	properNoun	fra
Stravinsky	properNoun	oci	Stravinsky	properNoun	fra
Riaño	properNoun	oci	Riaño	properNoun	fra
von Goethe	properNoun	oci	von Goethe	properNoun	fra
Malkovich	properNoun	oci	Malkovich	properNoun	fra
Angèle	properNoun	oci	Angèle	properNoun	fra
au bòrd	adverb	oci	au bord	adverb	fra
de Toulouse-Lautrec	properNoun	oci	de Toulouse-Lautrec	properNoun	fra
furia	noun	oci	furie	noun	fra
fren	noun	oci	frein	noun	fra
Perry	properNoun	oci	Perry	properNoun	fra
ròsa	adjective	oci	rose	adjective	fra
tresau	adjective	oci	troisième	adjective	fra
pedagòg	noun	oci	pédagogue	noun	fra
bilingüe	adjective	oci	bilingue	adjective	fra
Saleh	properNoun	oci	Saleh	properNoun	fra
Barbero	properNoun	oci	Barbero	properNoun	fra
Dinha	properNoun	oci	Digne-les-Bains	properNoun	fra
predileccion	noun	oci	prédilection	noun	fra
Liliane	properNoun	oci	Liliane	properNoun	fra
Cristina	properNoun	oci	Cristina	properNoun	fra
vanèl	noun	oci	vanneau	noun	fra
trabalhaire	noun	oci	travailleur	noun	fra
confiscar	verb	oci	confisquer	verb	fra
jove	adjective	oci	jeune	adjective	fra
radioactivitat	noun	oci	radioactivité	noun	fra
exemple	noun	oci	exemple	noun	fra
Schiavo	properNoun	oci	Schiavo	properNoun	fra
chausir	verb	oci	choisir	verb	fra
inclure	verb	oci	inclure	verb	fra
viabilizar	verb	oci	viabiliser	verb	fra
Cantero	properNoun	oci	Cantero	properNoun	fra
Gordon Brown	properNoun	oci	Gordon Brown	properNoun	fra
dieta	noun	oci	diète	noun	fra
Sese	properNoun	oci	Sese	properNoun	fra
ganhaire	adjective	oci	gagnant	adjective	fra
Guerín	properNoun	oci	Guerín	properNoun	fra
arminianisme	noun	oci	arminianisme	noun	fra
von Lewinski	properNoun	oci	von Lewinski	properNoun	fra
Puértolas	properNoun	oci	Puértolas	properNoun	fra
fins a la fin de	preposition	oci	jusqu'à la fin de	preposition	fra
von Zeller	properNoun	oci	von Zeller	properNoun	fra
mèrça	noun	oci	marchandise	noun	fra
anatèma	noun	oci	anathème	noun	fra
maçon	adjective	oci	maçon	adjective	fra
Suñé	properNoun	oci	Suñé	properNoun	fra
encambar	verb	oci	enjamber	verb	fra
corromput	adjective	oci	corrompu	adjective	fra
Vilar	properNoun	oci	Vilar	properNoun	fra
Aussant	properNoun	oci	Aussant	properNoun	fra
Madore	properNoun	oci	Madore	properNoun	fra
afar	noun	oci	affaire	noun	fra
Diarra	properNoun	oci	Diarra	properNoun	fra
Alcoi	properNoun	oci	Alcoy	properNoun	fra
insatisfach	adjective	oci	insatisfait	adjective	fra
Remón	properNoun	oci	Remón	properNoun	fra
Baum	properNoun	oci	Baum	properNoun	fra
Lapiedra	properNoun	oci	Lapiedra	properNoun	fra
actitud	noun	oci	attitude	noun	fra
Berzosa	properNoun	oci	Berzosa	properNoun	fra
dependre	verb	oci	dépendre	verb	fra
fusilhada	noun	oci	fusillade	noun	fra
Sargent	properNoun	oci	Sargent	properNoun	fra
pònt	noun	oci	pont	noun	fra
Miljour	properNoun	oci	Miljour	properNoun	fra
seissanta	numeral	oci	soixante	numeral	fra
Adalid	properNoun	oci	Adalid	properNoun	fra
complèx	adjective	oci	complexe	adjective	fra
Demurtas	properNoun	oci	Demurtas	properNoun	fra
Damico	properNoun	oci	Damico	properNoun	fra
Cornet	properNoun	oci	Cornet	properNoun	fra
Amestoi	properNoun	oci	Amestoi	properNoun	fra
Bohémier	properNoun	oci	Bohémier	properNoun	fra
integracion	noun	oci	intégration	noun	fra
tantal	noun	oci	tantale	noun	fra
Vilaine	properNoun	oci	Vilaine	properNoun	fra
Blesa	properNoun	oci	Blesa	properNoun	fra
dieu	noun	oci	dieu	noun	fra
Roby	properNoun	oci	Roby	properNoun	fra
Sarcozy	properNoun	oci	Sarcozy	properNoun	fra
Bascoat	properNoun	oci	Pays Basque	properNoun	fra
de retorn	adverb	oci	de retour	adverb	fra
Patiño	properNoun	oci	Patiño	properNoun	fra
misharnon	noun	oci	champignon	noun	fra
Nevado	properNoun	oci	Nevado	properNoun	fra
esperit	noun	oci	esprit	noun	fra
Julien	properNoun	oci	Julien	properNoun	fra
Plaza	properNoun	oci	Plaza	properNoun	fra
foletge	adjective	oci	folâtre	adjective	fra
supremacia	noun	oci	suprématie	noun	fra
neurona	noun	oci	neurone	noun	fra
conclure	verb	oci	conclure	verb	fra
contrapartida	noun	oci	contrepartie	noun	fra
suspicion	noun	oci	suspicion	noun	fra
electrocutar	verb	oci	électrocuter	verb	fra
amerindian	adjective	oci	amérindien	adjective	fra
Jia	properNoun	oci	Jia	properNoun	fra
Berry	properNoun	oci	Berry	properNoun	fra
Beirot	properNoun	oci	Beyrouth	properNoun	fra
ligament	noun	oci	ligament	noun	fra
cursiva	noun	oci	cursive	noun	fra
Ismail	properNoun	oci	Ismail	properNoun	fra
Grammy	properNoun	oci	Grammy	properNoun	fra
dinnar	noun	oci	déjeuner	noun	fra
un pauc abans	preposition	oci	un peu avant	preposition	fra
primat	noun	oci	primate	noun	fra
delimitable	adjective	oci	délimitable	adjective	fra
divulgacion	noun	oci	divulgation	noun	fra
taigà	noun	oci	taïga	noun	fra
Migallón	properNoun	oci	Migallón	properNoun	fra
panamenc	adjective	oci	panaméen	adjective	fra
Piedra	properNoun	oci	Piedra	properNoun	fra
organisacion	noun	oci	organisation	noun	fra
pupilla	noun	oci	pupille	noun	fra
mèro	noun	oci	mérou	noun	fra
Kubrick	properNoun	oci	Kubrick	properNoun	fra
practicant	noun	oci	pratiquant	noun	fra
infidelitat	noun	oci	infidélité	noun	fra
Curaçao	properNoun	oci	Curaçao	properNoun	fra
John	properNoun	oci	John	properNoun	fra
copilòt	noun	oci	copilote	noun	fra
Forlini	properNoun	oci	Forlini	properNoun	fra
Gaveston	properNoun	oci	Gaveston	properNoun	fra
Bastien	properNoun	oci	Bastien	properNoun	fra
oscillator	noun	oci	oscillateur	noun	fra
rasonament	noun	oci	raisonnement	noun	fra
nimesenc	noun	oci	Nîmois	noun	fra
Salvia	properNoun	oci	Salvia	properNoun	fra
ablacion	noun	oci	ablation	noun	fra
Bajó	properNoun	oci	Bajó	properNoun	fra
votant	noun	oci	votant	noun	fra
Kleinberger	properNoun	oci	Kleinberger	properNoun	fra
Tobar	properNoun	oci	Tobar	properNoun	fra
Aresti	properNoun	oci	Aresti	properNoun	fra
Puèi Domat	properNoun	oci	Puy-de-Dôme	properNoun	fra
apcha	noun	oci	hache	noun	fra
Higuaín	properNoun	oci	Higuaín	properNoun	fra
Parris	properNoun	oci	Parris	properNoun	fra
anteriorament	adverb	oci	antérieurement	adverb	fra
soscap	noun	oci	sous-chef	noun	fra
reagir	verb	oci	réagir	verb	fra
nicotina	noun	oci	nicotine	noun	fra
Cónsul	properNoun	oci	Cónsul	properNoun	fra
Camargo	properNoun	oci	Camargo	properNoun	fra
trenta tres	numeral	oci	trente-trois	numeral	fra
topologia	noun	oci	topologie	noun	fra
sens cap ni centena	adverb	oci	sans queue ni tête	adverb	fra
platonic	adjective	oci	platonique	adjective	fra
Moorcock	properNoun	oci	Moorcock	properNoun	fra
motociclista	noun	oci	motocycliste	noun	fra
memetica	noun	oci	mémétique	noun	fra
Vasile	properNoun	oci	Vasile	properNoun	fra
chantatge	noun	oci	chantage	noun	fra
carretièira	noun	oci	route	noun	fra
acompliment	noun	oci	accomplissement	noun	fra
guidar	verb	oci	guider	verb	fra
esportista	noun	oci	sportif	noun	fra
Vila Prades	properNoun	oci	Vila Prades	properNoun	fra
Agudo	properNoun	oci	Agudo	properNoun	fra
Coiteux	properNoun	oci	Coiteux	properNoun	fra
de la Flor	properNoun	oci	de la Flor	properNoun	fra
Parralejo	properNoun	oci	Parralejo	properNoun	fra
militantisme	noun	oci	militantisme	noun	fra
notable	adjective	oci	notable	adjective	fra
metafisica	noun	oci	métaphysique	noun	fra
Cavallaro	properNoun	oci	Cavallaro	properNoun	fra
Corbett	properNoun	oci	Corbett	properNoun	fra
Heath	properNoun	oci	Heath	properNoun	fra
Harper	properNoun	oci	Harper	properNoun	fra
Szücs	properNoun	oci	Szücs	properNoun	fra
anemic	adjective	oci	anémique	adjective	fra
maniac	noun	oci	maniaque	noun	fra
desarmament	noun	oci	désarmement	noun	fra
comorian	noun	oci	Comorien	noun	fra
pauc aprèp	preposition	oci	peu après	preposition	fra
solid	adverb	oci	sûr	adverb	fra
fotò	noun	oci	photo	noun	fra
fòto	noun	oci	photo	noun	fra
Hastings	properNoun	oci	Hastings	properNoun	fra
Le Monde	properNoun	oci	Le Monde	properNoun	fra
penar	verb	oci	peiner	verb	fra
axe	noun	oci	axe	noun	fra
Brugat	properNoun	oci	Brugat	properNoun	fra
Majeur	properNoun	oci	Majeur	properNoun	fra
noosfèra	noun	oci	noosphère	noun	fra
Alfredo	properNoun	oci	Alfredo	properNoun	fra
consonantisme	noun	oci	consonantisme	noun	fra
Beatrice	properNoun	oci	Beatrice	properNoun	fra
emissor	noun	oci	émetteur	noun	fra
sostenir	verb	oci	soutenir	verb	fra
Ferrín	properNoun	oci	Ferrín	properNoun	fra
von Schirach	properNoun	oci	von Schirach	properNoun	fra
liti	noun	oci	lithium	noun	fra
Guarner	properNoun	oci	Guarner	properNoun	fra
Auñón	properNoun	oci	Auñón	properNoun	fra
saxofonista	noun	oci	saxophoniste	noun	fra
braçariá	noun	oci	brasserie	noun	fra
Annahatak	properNoun	oci	Annahatak	properNoun	fra
creolistica	noun	oci	créolistique	noun	fra
viatgièr	adjective	oci	viager	adjective	fra
près de	preposition	oci	près de	preposition	fra
Vital	properNoun	oci	Vital	properNoun	fra
intervier	verb	oci	intervenir	verb	fra
academic	adjective	oci	académique	adjective	fra
Saera	properNoun	oci	Saera	properNoun	fra
qué que siá	subordinatingConjunction	oci	quoi que ce soit	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Escalante	properNoun	oci	Escalante	properNoun	fra
personalizat	adjective	oci	personnalisé	adjective	fra
auba	noun	oci	aube	noun	fra
càber	verb	oci	rentrer	verb	fra
Yu	properNoun	oci	Yu	properNoun	fra
discofil	adjective	oci	discophile	adjective	fra
Campayo	properNoun	oci	Campayo	properNoun	fra
Hegel	properNoun	oci	Hegel	properNoun	fra
linnean	adjective	oci	linnéen	adjective	fra
Aileen	properNoun	oci	Aileen	properNoun	fra
lombard	noun	oci	lombard	noun	fra
engrais	noun	oci	engrais	noun	fra
G8	noun	oci	G8	noun	fra
anecdotic	adjective	oci	anecdotique	adjective	fra
dotzau	noun	oci	douzième	noun	fra
orfanèl	adjective	oci	orphelin	adjective	fra
embarrassada	noun	oci	enceinte	noun	fra
corvada	noun	oci	corvée	noun	fra
agrir	verb	oci	aigrir	verb	fra
54n	adjective	oci	54ème	adjective	fra
relogar	verb	oci	relouer	verb	fra
ectopròcte	noun	oci	ectoprocte	noun	fra
sequèla	noun	oci	séquelle	noun	fra
Yin	properNoun	oci	Yin	properNoun	fra
perdigalh	noun	oci	perdreau	noun	fra
lugubre	adjective	oci	lugubre	adjective	fra
benediccion	noun	oci	bénédiction	noun	fra
Clavet	properNoun	oci	Clavet	properNoun	fra
Amusategi	properNoun	oci	Amusategi	properNoun	fra
Danny	properNoun	oci	Danny	properNoun	fra
salutari	adjective	oci	salutaire	adjective	fra
Laville	properNoun	oci	Laville	properNoun	fra
Babot	properNoun	oci	Babot	properNoun	fra
MacGyver	properNoun	oci	MacGyver	properNoun	fra
El Bakkali	properNoun	oci	El Bakkali	properNoun	fra
Etiopia	properNoun	oci	Éthiopie	properNoun	fra
Butler	properNoun	oci	Butler	properNoun	fra
Piaf	properNoun	oci	Piaf	properNoun	fra
òrb	adjective	oci	aveugle	adjective	fra
Vallespí	properNoun	oci	Vallespí	properNoun	fra
separatista	noun	oci	séparatiste	noun	fra
Nepal	properNoun	oci	Népal	properNoun	fra
olotipe	noun	oci	holotype	noun	fra
abonat	adjective	oci	abonné	adjective	fra
metropolitan	adjective	oci	métropolitain	adjective	fra
von Metsch-Reichenbach	properNoun	oci	von Metsch-Reichenbach	properNoun	fra
Ratcliffe	properNoun	oci	Ratcliffe	properNoun	fra
Lozada	properNoun	oci	Lozada	properNoun	fra
Allen	properNoun	oci	Allen	properNoun	fra
lemosin	adjective	oci	limousin	adjective	fra
reveréncia	noun	oci	révérence	noun	fra
51n	adjective	oci	51ème	adjective	fra
von Siebold	properNoun	oci	von Siebold	properNoun	fra
Moratal	properNoun	oci	Moratal	properNoun	fra
datar	verb	oci	dater	verb	fra
Mañá	properNoun	oci	Mañá	properNoun	fra
Ferris	properNoun	oci	Ferris	properNoun	fra
Medda	properNoun	oci	Medda	properNoun	fra
oblidós	noun	oci	oublieux	noun	fra
corollari	noun	oci	corollaire	noun	fra
Alòs	properNoun	oci	Alòs	properNoun	fra
ludrejar	verb	oci	briller	verb	fra
flexibilitat	noun	oci	flexibilité	noun	fra
connectivitat	noun	oci	connectivité	noun	fra
normatiu	adjective	oci	normatif	adjective	fra
Copernic	properNoun	oci	Copernic	properNoun	fra
teoric	adjective	oci	théorique	adjective	fra
examinator	noun	oci	examinateur	noun	fra
abadessa	noun	oci	abbesse	noun	fra
areometria	noun	oci	aréométrie	noun	fra
Nawaz	properNoun	oci	Nawaz	properNoun	fra
Kohn	properNoun	oci	Kohn	properNoun	fra
Fournier	properNoun	oci	Fournier	properNoun	fra
occitanitat	noun	oci	occitanité	noun	fra
Pollack	properNoun	oci	Pollack	properNoun	fra
esparadrap	noun	oci	sparadrap	noun	fra
Maire	properNoun	oci	Maire	properNoun	fra
estrada	noun	oci	route	noun	fra
Soler	properNoun	oci	Soler	properNoun	fra
Bonvehí	properNoun	oci	Bonvehí	properNoun	fra
instigar	verb	oci	instiguer	verb	fra
oronimic	adjective	oci	oronymique	adjective	fra
Mur	properNoun	oci	Mur	properNoun	fra
mulitlateralisme	noun	oci	multilatéralisme	noun	fra
gibre	noun	oci	givre	noun	fra
mand	noun	oci	envoi	noun	fra
tren	noun	oci	train	noun	fra
Zamenhof	properNoun	oci	Zamenhof	properNoun	fra
Devesa	properNoun	oci	Devesa	properNoun	fra
Ferretti	properNoun	oci	Ferretti	properNoun	fra
internacionalisme	noun	oci	internationalisme	noun	fra
Edmilson	properNoun	oci	Edmilson	properNoun	fra
Feldman	properNoun	oci	Feldman	properNoun	fra
Roddick	properNoun	oci	Roddick	properNoun	fra
Fuente	properNoun	oci	Fuente	properNoun	fra
Maldonado	properNoun	oci	Maldonado	properNoun	fra
nosible	noun	oci	nuisible	noun	fra
Zakaib	properNoun	oci	Zakaib	properNoun	fra
Coombes	properNoun	oci	Coombes	properNoun	fra
von Prittwitz	properNoun	oci	von Prittwitz	properNoun	fra
Royuela	properNoun	oci	Royuela	properNoun	fra
jolverd	noun	oci	persil	noun	fra
Siegbahn	properNoun	oci	Siegbahn	properNoun	fra
Gay	properNoun	oci	Gay	properNoun	fra
desparietat	noun	oci	différence	noun	fra
Genera	properNoun	oci	Genera	properNoun	fra
desgatjament	noun	oci	dégagement	noun	fra
daudèla	noun	oci	vanneau	noun	fra
Taña	properNoun	oci	Taña	properNoun	fra
cabaret	noun	oci	cabaret	noun	fra
generosament	adverb	oci	généreusement	adverb	fra
Ortigosa	properNoun	oci	Ortigosa	properNoun	fra
armatura	noun	oci	armature	noun	fra
Paire Nadal	properNoun	oci	Père Noël	properNoun	fra
Girouard	properNoun	oci	Girouard	properNoun	fra
Monarque	properNoun	oci	Monarque	properNoun	fra
Robledo	properNoun	oci	Robledo	properNoun	fra
abestiment	noun	oci	abêtissement	noun	fra
toxina	noun	oci	toxine	noun	fra
junhsèga	noun	oci	juillet	noun	fra
Recuero	properNoun	oci	Recuero	properNoun	fra
Prior	properNoun	oci	Prior	properNoun	fra
Joron	properNoun	oci	Joron	properNoun	fra
Delcourt	properNoun	oci	Delcourt	properNoun	fra
braçalet	noun	oci	bracelet	noun	fra
priorat	noun	oci	prieuré	noun	fra
Brian	properNoun	oci	Brian	properNoun	fra
recéber	verb	oci	recevoir	verb	fra
erotic	adjective	oci	érotique	adjective	fra
xenon	noun	oci	xénon	noun	fra
reialista	adjective	oci	royaliste	adjective	fra
obliteracion	noun	oci	oblitération	noun	fra
abséncia	noun	oci	absence	noun	fra
sauvar	verb	oci	sauver	verb	fra
textura	noun	oci	texture	noun	fra
paragrais	noun	oci	lèchefrite	noun	fra
metodologia	noun	oci	méthodologie	noun	fra
dret	noun	oci	droit	noun	fra
armament	noun	oci	armement	noun	fra
Fabiano	properNoun	oci	Fabiano	properNoun	fra
susmauta	noun	oci	émeute	noun	fra
igrometria	noun	oci	hygrométrie	noun	fra
Passo	properNoun	oci	Passo	properNoun	fra
unionista	noun	oci	unioniste	noun	fra
acupontura	noun	oci	acupuncture	noun	fra
Briot	properNoun	oci	Briot	properNoun	fra
Inés	properNoun	oci	Inés	properNoun	fra
Henderson	properNoun	oci	Henderson	properNoun	fra
Herruzo	properNoun	oci	Herruzo	properNoun	fra
Sarajevo	properNoun	oci	Sarajevo	properNoun	fra
Picotin	properNoun	oci	Picotin	properNoun	fra
obrar	verb	oci	œuvrer	verb	fra
fracturar	verb	oci	fracturer	verb	fra
Nichol	properNoun	oci	Nichol	properNoun	fra
cactus	noun	oci	cactus	noun	fra
Sykes	properNoun	oci	Sykes	properNoun	fra
agonizar	verb	oci	agoniser	verb	fra
salariat	adjective	oci	salarié	adjective	fra
ogiva	noun	oci	ogive	noun	fra
Beato	properNoun	oci	Beato	properNoun	fra
von Anhalt-Zerbst	properNoun	oci	von Anhalt-Zerbst	properNoun	fra
Coffin	properNoun	oci	Coffin	properNoun	fra
graissa	noun	oci	graisse	noun	fra
travestir	verb	oci	travestir	verb	fra
Lula	properNoun	oci	Lula	properNoun	fra
benzinièra	noun	oci	station-service	noun	fra
borrèl	noun	oci	bourreau	noun	fra
Surprenant	properNoun	oci	Surprenant	properNoun	fra
colombian	noun	oci	Colombien	noun	fra
ueitanta sièis	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-six	numeral	fra
Royea	properNoun	oci	Royea	properNoun	fra
Nature	properNoun	oci	Nature	properNoun	fra
Fabrice	properNoun	oci	Fabrice	properNoun	fra
Clota	properNoun	oci	Clota	properNoun	fra
Qin	properNoun	oci	Qin	properNoun	fra
Alvin	properNoun	oci	Alvin	properNoun	fra
sostier	verb	oci	soutenir	verb	fra
clavierista	noun	oci	claviériste	noun	fra
descobèrta	noun	oci	découverte	noun	fra
Cali	properNoun	oci	Cali	properNoun	fra
Mallafré	properNoun	oci	Mallafré	properNoun	fra
Clavel	properNoun	oci	Clavel	properNoun	fra
negligible	adjective	oci	négligeable	adjective	fra
ferrolh	noun	oci	verrou	noun	fra
Pahissa	properNoun	oci	Pahissa	properNoun	fra
desercion	noun	oci	désertion	noun	fra
ostatge	noun	oci	otage	noun	fra
clonatge	noun	oci	clonage	noun	fra
inicialament	adverb	oci	initialement	adverb	fra
salar	verb	oci	saler	verb	fra
comprension	noun	oci	compréhension	noun	fra
Sharpe	properNoun	oci	Sharpe	properNoun	fra
integrala	noun	oci	intégrale	noun	fra
Schubert	properNoun	oci	Schubert	properNoun	fra
tegument	noun	oci	tégument	noun	fra
glicerina	noun	oci	glycérine	noun	fra
contraccion	noun	oci	contraction	noun	fra
Séguin	properNoun	oci	Séguin	properNoun	fra
gijorla	noun	oci	jujube	noun	fra
Val de Marna	properNoun	oci	Val-de-Marne	properNoun	fra
per tant que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	quoique	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Penella	properNoun	oci	Penella	properNoun	fra
Salvail	properNoun	oci	Salvail	properNoun	fra
psicanalisi	noun	oci	psychanalyse	noun	fra
Pamir	properNoun	oci	Pamir	properNoun	fra
un pauc	adverb	oci	un peu	adverb	fra
psiquedelic	adjective	oci	psychédélique	adjective	fra
Chacón	properNoun	oci	Chacón	properNoun	fra
Spitzer	properNoun	oci	Spitzer	properNoun	fra
Salvatore	properNoun	oci	Salvatore	properNoun	fra
asmatic	adjective	oci	asthmatique	adjective	fra
morir	verb	oci	mourir	verb	fra
Quach	properNoun	oci	Quach	properNoun	fra
Gustov	properNoun	oci	Gustov	properNoun	fra
electronegativitat	noun	oci	électronégativité	noun	fra
Torroella	properNoun	oci	Torroella	properNoun	fra
idèia	noun	oci	idée	noun	fra
Gareau	properNoun	oci	Gareau	properNoun	fra
Unzueta	properNoun	oci	Unzueta	properNoun	fra
Cuello	properNoun	oci	Cuello	properNoun	fra
Estieu	properNoun	oci	Estieu	properNoun	fra
vanitat	noun	oci	vanité	noun	fra
reformista	adjective	oci	réformiste	adjective	fra
Kemp	properNoun	oci	Kemp	properNoun	fra
missal	noun	oci	missel	noun	fra
Lachapelle	properNoun	oci	Lachapelle	properNoun	fra
balh	noun	oci	bail	noun	fra
potenciar	verb	oci	renforcer	verb	fra
Hough	properNoun	oci	Hough	properNoun	fra
circular	adjective	oci	circulaire	adjective	fra
incontestablement	adverb	oci	incontestablement	adverb	fra
El Mansouri	properNoun	oci	El Mansouri	properNoun	fra
Lacroix	properNoun	oci	Lacroix	properNoun	fra
gibós	noun	oci	bossu	noun	fra
emancipacion	noun	oci	émancipation	noun	fra
compraire	adjective	oci	acheteur	adjective	fra
Cucurella	properNoun	oci	Cucurella	properNoun	fra
Dilma	properNoun	oci	Dilma	properNoun	fra
perfeccionar	verb	oci	perfectionner	verb	fra
paracetamòl	noun	oci	paracétamol	noun	fra
ueitanta cinc	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-cinq	numeral	fra
infirmièr	noun	oci	infirmier	noun	fra
COI	noun	oci	COI	noun	fra
scintilhar	verb	oci	scintiller	verb	fra
vinagre	noun	oci	vinaigre	noun	fra
tortura	noun	oci	torture	noun	fra
soscriure	verb	oci	souscrire	verb	fra
comestible	adjective	oci	comestible	adjective	fra
odissèa	noun	oci	odyssée	noun	fra
filologic	adjective	oci	philologique	adjective	fra
a carretadas	adverb	oci	à la pelle	adverb	fra
fila	noun	oci	file	noun	fra
Lebel	properNoun	oci	Lebel	properNoun	fra
errança	noun	oci	errance	noun	fra
realizar	verb	oci	réaliser	verb	fra
Drew	properNoun	oci	Drew	properNoun	fra
Danís	properNoun	oci	Danís	properNoun	fra
Danís	properNoun	oci	Denis	properNoun	fra
modernitat	noun	oci	modernité	noun	fra
creacionisme	noun	oci	créationnisme	noun	fra
Tolkien	properNoun	oci	Tolkien	properNoun	fra
Claramonte	properNoun	oci	Claramonte	properNoun	fra
es a dire que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	c'est-à-dire que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
àlias	adverb	oci	alias	adverb	fra
gladi	noun	oci	spectre	noun	fra
italianisme	noun	oci	italianisme	noun	fra
Lladós	properNoun	oci	Lladós	properNoun	fra
confluïr	verb	oci	confluer	verb	fra
canhada	noun	oci	meute	noun	fra
possibilitar	verb	oci	permettre	verb	fra
inaccessibilitat	noun	oci	inaccessibilité	noun	fra
banca	noun	oci	banque	noun	fra
borrolhon	adjective	oci	brouillon	adjective	fra
cessacion	noun	oci	cessation	noun	fra
junta	noun	oci	junte	noun	fra
Renau	properNoun	oci	Renau	properNoun	fra
reticéncia	noun	oci	réticence	noun	fra
Curtiss	properNoun	oci	Curtiss	properNoun	fra
Ivanova	properNoun	oci	Ivanova	properNoun	fra
Nauta Vinhana	properNoun	oci	Haute-Vienne	properNoun	fra
dogmatisme	noun	oci	dogmatisme	noun	fra
cooperativa	noun	oci	coopérative	noun	fra
Guénette	properNoun	oci	Guénette	properNoun	fra
estagi	noun	oci	stage	noun	fra
Santandreu	properNoun	oci	Santandreu	properNoun	fra
acronic	adjective	oci	achronique	adjective	fra
camioneta	noun	oci	camionnette	noun	fra
compartiment	noun	oci	compartiment	noun	fra
acant	noun	oci	acanthe	noun	fra
Chiovitti	properNoun	oci	Chiovitti	properNoun	fra
valada	noun	oci	vallée	noun	fra
Adame	properNoun	oci	Adame	properNoun	fra
Maé	properNoun	oci	Maé	properNoun	fra
Coulombe	properNoun	oci	Coulombe	properNoun	fra
crin	noun	oci	crin	noun	fra
Forcadell	properNoun	oci	Forcadell	properNoun	fra
radiacion	noun	oci	radiation	noun	fra
timbala	noun	oci	timbale	noun	fra
Chapleau	properNoun	oci	Chapleau	properNoun	fra
cogordeta	noun	oci	courgette	noun	fra
Aton	properNoun	oci	Aton	properNoun	fra
Bradley	properNoun	oci	Bradley	properNoun	fra
astrometria	noun	oci	astrométrie	noun	fra
Obrien	properNoun	oci	Obrien	properNoun	fra
Caire	properNoun	oci	Caire	properNoun	fra
Gurí	properNoun	oci	Gurí	properNoun	fra
Dumaine	properNoun	oci	Dumaine	properNoun	fra
Cospedal	properNoun	oci	Cospedal	properNoun	fra
Parcerisas	properNoun	oci	Parcerisas	properNoun	fra
tapena	noun	oci	câpre	noun	fra
Permach	properNoun	oci	Permach	properNoun	fra
Nicky	properNoun	oci	Nicky	properNoun	fra
Durany	properNoun	oci	Durany	properNoun	fra
Sayers	properNoun	oci	Sayers	properNoun	fra
Esquirol	properNoun	oci	Esquirol	properNoun	fra
parent	noun	oci	parent	noun	fra
Renda	properNoun	oci	Renda	properNoun	fra
Bourré	properNoun	oci	Bourré	properNoun	fra
Gago	properNoun	oci	Gago	properNoun	fra
Hélène	properNoun	oci	Hélène	properNoun	fra
pretenciós	adjective	oci	prétentieux	adjective	fra
apaticament	adverb	oci	apathiquement	adverb	fra
maladrech	adjective	oci	maladroit	adjective	fra
vesinatge	noun	oci	voisinage	noun	fra
Saint-Lô	properNoun	oci	Saint-Lô	properNoun	fra
Schindler	properNoun	oci	Schindler	properNoun	fra
Merida	properNoun	oci	Merida	properNoun	fra
Wilma	properNoun	oci	Wilma	properNoun	fra
suculent	adjective	oci	succulent	adjective	fra
costurièr	noun	oci	couturier	noun	fra
aisadament	adverb	oci	facilement	adverb	fra
Safont	properNoun	oci	Safont	properNoun	fra
Pescador	properNoun	oci	Pescador	properNoun	fra
Nadeau	properNoun	oci	Nadeau	properNoun	fra
Adelantado	properNoun	oci	Adelantado	properNoun	fra
Bolufer	properNoun	oci	Bolufer	properNoun	fra
Eccles	properNoun	oci	Eccles	properNoun	fra
mencionar	verb	oci	mentionner	verb	fra
Watt	properNoun	oci	Watt	properNoun	fra
chucar	verb	oci	sucer	verb	fra
botelha	noun	oci	bouteille	noun	fra
restriccion	noun	oci	restriction	noun	fra
Brunswick	properNoun	oci	Brunswick	properNoun	fra
betum	noun	oci	béton	noun	fra
dividit	adjective	oci	divisé	adjective	fra
Sadler	properNoun	oci	Sadler	properNoun	fra
potencialament	adverb	oci	potentiellement	adverb	fra
universalizacion	noun	oci	universalisation	noun	fra
Dos Anjos	properNoun	oci	Dos Anjos	properNoun	fra
Morella	properNoun	oci	Morella	properNoun	fra
Bergeaud	properNoun	oci	Bergeaud	properNoun	fra
navarrés	adjective	oci	navarrais	adjective	fra
serpelhèira	noun	oci	serpillière	noun	fra
Grosz	properNoun	oci	Grosz	properNoun	fra
Seppänen	properNoun	oci	Seppänen	properNoun	fra
azur	noun	oci	azur	noun	fra
Hurley	properNoun	oci	Hurley	properNoun	fra
coabitacion	noun	oci	cohabitation	noun	fra
Denise	properNoun	oci	Denise	properNoun	fra
puntut	adjective	oci	aigu	adjective	fra
Versailles	properNoun	oci	Versailles	properNoun	fra
alumar	verb	oci	allumer	verb	fra
electrificacion	noun	oci	électrification	noun	fra
Haider	properNoun	oci	Haider	properNoun	fra
simptomatic	adjective	oci	symptomatique	adjective	fra
Pagés	properNoun	oci	Pagés	properNoun	fra
Tarifa	properNoun	oci	Tarifa	properNoun	fra
Cama	properNoun	oci	Cama	properNoun	fra
Delaunay	properNoun	oci	Delaunay	properNoun	fra
dona	noun	oci	cadeau	noun	fra
von Lettow-Vorbeck	properNoun	oci	von Lettow-Vorbeck	properNoun	fra
Sureau	properNoun	oci	Sureau	properNoun	fra
Bagergue	properNoun	oci	Bagergue	properNoun	fra
Decourval	properNoun	oci	Decourval	properNoun	fra
newtonian	adjective	oci	newtonien	adjective	fra
Rafter	properNoun	oci	Rafter	properNoun	fra
Moré	properNoun	oci	Moré	properNoun	fra
blanc	adjective	oci	blanc	adjective	fra
orari	noun	oci	horaire	noun	fra
moissal	noun	oci	moustique	noun	fra
a l'esgard de	preposition	oci	à l'égard de	preposition	fra
recomptar	verb	oci	recompter	verb	fra
estalinian	adjective	oci	stalinien	adjective	fra
pichièr	noun	oci	pichet	noun	fra
Prince	properNoun	oci	Prince	properNoun	fra
Oria	properNoun	oci	Oria	properNoun	fra
cap e cap	adverb	oci	tête à tête	adverb	fra
dissòlvre	verb	oci	dissoudre	verb	fra
Bonenfant	properNoun	oci	Bonenfant	properNoun	fra
rotatiu	adjective	oci	rotatif	adjective	fra
debut	noun	oci	début	noun	fra
acidòsi	noun	oci	acidose	noun	fra
Champigny	properNoun	oci	Champigny	properNoun	fra
entretant de	preposition	oci	en attendant de	preposition	fra
Iouchtchenko	properNoun	oci	Iouchtchenko	properNoun	fra
Bevilacqua	properNoun	oci	Bevilacqua	properNoun	fra
Fauteux	properNoun	oci	Fauteux	properNoun	fra
borgés	adjective	oci	bourgeois	adjective	fra
centau	noun	oci	centième	noun	fra
Paquistan	properNoun	oci	Pakistan	properNoun	fra
meridian	noun	oci	méridien	noun	fra
Escala	properNoun	oci	Escala	properNoun	fra
Mohammad	properNoun	oci	Mohammad	properNoun	fra
Schönberg	properNoun	oci	Schönberg	properNoun	fra
cofratge	noun	oci	coffrage	noun	fra
Argudo	properNoun	oci	Argudo	properNoun	fra
Dipasquale	properNoun	oci	Dipasquale	properNoun	fra
nosautres	pronoun	oci	nous	pronoun	fra
internar	verb	oci	interner	verb	fra
descalcificacion	noun	oci	décalcification	noun	fra
ABBA	properNoun	oci	ABBA	properNoun	fra
Nauta Savòia	properNoun	oci	Haute-Savoie	properNoun	fra
pagan	noun	oci	païen	noun	fra
prostata	noun	oci	prostate	noun	fra
faula	noun	oci	fable	noun	fra
mal	noun	oci	mal	noun	fra
delici	noun	oci	délice	noun	fra
Katia	properNoun	oci	Katia	properNoun	fra
convenéncia	noun	oci	convenance	noun	fra
tombada	noun	oci	chute	noun	fra
Asín	properNoun	oci	Asín	properNoun	fra
liric	adjective	oci	lyrique	adjective	fra
millilitre	noun	oci	millilitre	noun	fra
puslèu	adverb	oci	plutôt	adverb	fra
illas Turcas e Caïcas	properNoun	oci	îles Turques-et-Caïques	properNoun	fra
resumit	noun	oci	résumé	noun	fra
Caparrós	properNoun	oci	Caparrós	properNoun	fra
Renire	properNoun	oci	Renire	properNoun	fra
Camila	properNoun	oci	Camila	properNoun	fra
beutat	noun	oci	beauté	noun	fra
Ojeda	properNoun	oci	Ojeda	properNoun	fra
Canes	properNoun	oci	Canes	properNoun	fra
Ramos	properNoun	oci	Ramos	properNoun	fra
sageta	noun	oci	flèche	noun	fra
veirial	noun	oci	vitrail	noun	fra
ipic	adjective	oci	hippique	adjective	fra
diglossia	noun	oci	diglossie	noun	fra
Ballbé	properNoun	oci	Ballbé	properNoun	fra
esportiu	adjective	oci	sportif	adjective	fra
modèste	adjective	oci	modeste	adjective	fra
Ki-moon	properNoun	oci	Ki-moon	properNoun	fra
Grondin	properNoun	oci	Grondin	properNoun	fra
mesola	noun	oci	moelle	noun	fra
Nazaret	properNoun	oci	Nazareth	properNoun	fra
quantificar	verb	oci	quantifier	verb	fra
Poupart	properNoun	oci	Poupart	properNoun	fra
UEFA	noun	oci	UEFA	noun	fra
convergir	verb	oci	converger	verb	fra
Mir	properNoun	oci	Mir	properNoun	fra
justícia	noun	oci	justice	noun	fra
Baiunco	properNoun	oci	Baiunco	properNoun	fra
von Cramm	properNoun	oci	von Cramm	properNoun	fra
transitòri	adjective	oci	transitoire	adjective	fra
nòrd	adjective	oci	nord	adjective	fra
Elisabet II	properNoun	oci	Élisabeth II	properNoun	fra
Dulude	properNoun	oci	Dulude	properNoun	fra
Tormo	properNoun	oci	Tormo	properNoun	fra
unificar	verb	oci	unifier	verb	fra
noiriça	noun	oci	nourrice	noun	fra
Cisneros	properNoun	oci	Cisneros	properNoun	fra
ambicion	noun	oci	ambition	noun	fra
Andikoetxea	properNoun	oci	Andikoetxea	properNoun	fra
Carpio	properNoun	oci	Carpio	properNoun	fra
Pétain	properNoun	oci	Pétain	properNoun	fra
Ciceron	properNoun	oci	Cicéron	properNoun	fra
Aups d'Auta Provença	properNoun	oci	Alpes-de-Haute-Provence	properNoun	fra
respirable	adjective	oci	respirable	adjective	fra
Mignon	properNoun	oci	Mignon	properNoun	fra
Janowski	properNoun	oci	Janowski	properNoun	fra
fòrma	noun	oci	forme	noun	fra
Farrero	properNoun	oci	Farrero	properNoun	fra
Monty	properNoun	oci	Monty	properNoun	fra
Bernicky	properNoun	oci	Bernicky	properNoun	fra
Mirandette	properNoun	oci	Mirandette	properNoun	fra
arquitècte	noun	oci	architecte	noun	fra
Dramé	properNoun	oci	Dramé	properNoun	fra
farina	noun	oci	farine	noun	fra
excrement	noun	oci	excrément	noun	fra
radicalizar	verb	oci	radicaliser	verb	fra
amortesiment	noun	oci	amortissement	noun	fra
Pallavidino	properNoun	oci	Pallavidino	properNoun	fra
Imogen	properNoun	oci	Imogen	properNoun	fra
colonia	noun	oci	colonie	noun	fra
Dalma	properNoun	oci	Dalma	properNoun	fra
tormentat	adjective	oci	tourmenté	adjective	fra
gasolinièra	noun	oci	station-service	noun	fra
entimèma	noun	oci	enthymème	noun	fra
decapitacion	noun	oci	décapitation	noun	fra
decéncia	noun	oci	décence	noun	fra
Antón	properNoun	oci	Antón	properNoun	fra
Roussel	properNoun	oci	Roussel	properNoun	fra
numerò	noun	oci	numéro	noun	fra
genomica	noun	oci	génomique	noun	fra
Miravet	properNoun	oci	Miravet	properNoun	fra
negacionisme	noun	oci	négationnisme	noun	fra
presason	noun	oci	présaison	noun	fra
McKenzie	properNoun	oci	McKenzie	properNoun	fra
Mejia	properNoun	oci	Mejia	properNoun	fra
Cézanne	properNoun	oci	Cézanne	properNoun	fra
diferenciacion	noun	oci	différenciation	noun	fra
Bas Ren	properNoun	oci	Bas-Rhin	properNoun	fra
Saumell	properNoun	oci	Saumell	properNoun	fra
TV	properNoun	oci	TV	properNoun	fra
Su	properNoun	oci	Su	properNoun	fra
filhòl	noun	oci	filleul	noun	fra
Rif	properNoun	oci	Rif	properNoun	fra
proteccionisme	noun	oci	protectionnisme	noun	fra
carlista	adjective	oci	carliste	adjective	fra
beatificacion	noun	oci	béatification	noun	fra
Lavergne	properNoun	oci	Lavergne	properNoun	fra
jibotian	adjective	oci	djiboutien	adjective	fra
ni	coordinatingConjunction	oci	ni	coordinatingConjunction	fra
Mas Samora	properNoun	oci	Mas Samora	properNoun	fra
Moubarak	properNoun	oci	Moubarak	properNoun	fra
Stendhal	properNoun	oci	Stendhal	properNoun	fra
alpinista	noun	oci	alpiniste	noun	fra
Cole	properNoun	oci	Cole	properNoun	fra
Aluja	properNoun	oci	Aluja	properNoun	fra
Iturriaga	properNoun	oci	Iturriaga	properNoun	fra
Chaikovski	properNoun	oci	Tchaïkovski	properNoun	fra
Jeannot	properNoun	oci	Jeannot	properNoun	fra
erotisme	noun	oci	érotisme	noun	fra
al començament de	preposition	oci	au commencement de	preposition	fra
condemnacion	noun	oci	condamnation	noun	fra
Gelonch	properNoun	oci	Gelonch	properNoun	fra
Mallol	properNoun	oci	Mallol	properNoun	fra
80n	adjective	oci	80ème	adjective	fra
Fito	properNoun	oci	Fito	properNoun	fra
elliptic	adjective	oci	elliptique	adjective	fra
Laporte	properNoun	oci	Laporte	properNoun	fra
embarcar	verb	oci	embarquer	verb	fra
Dengra	properNoun	oci	Dengra	properNoun	fra
escultura	noun	oci	sculpture	noun	fra
Savary	properNoun	oci	Savary	properNoun	fra
faget	noun	oci	hêtraie	noun	fra
Douyon	properNoun	oci	Douyon	properNoun	fra
Vanessa	properNoun	oci	Vanessa	properNoun	fra
Vallée	properNoun	oci	Vallée	properNoun	fra
minjar	noun	oci	manger	noun	fra
Scrudato	properNoun	oci	Scrudato	properNoun	fra
dinosaure	noun	oci	dinosaure	noun	fra
dominican	noun	oci	dominicain	noun	fra
Berridi	properNoun	oci	Berridi	properNoun	fra
enquèsta	noun	oci	enquête	noun	fra
alegria	noun	oci	joie	noun	fra
Tiròl	properNoun	oci	Tyrol	properNoun	fra
Neves	properNoun	oci	Neves	properNoun	fra
sabent	adjective	oci	savant	adjective	fra
superioritat	noun	oci	supériorité	noun	fra
arpègi	noun	oci	arpège	noun	fra
Nugent	properNoun	oci	Nugent	properNoun	fra
sinològ	noun	oci	sinologue	noun	fra
sonatina	noun	oci	sonatine	noun	fra
Gravel	properNoun	oci	Gravel	properNoun	fra
Deng	properNoun	oci	Deng	properNoun	fra
andesitic	adjective	oci	andésitique	adjective	fra
migrant	adjective	oci	migrant	adjective	fra
flam	noun	oci	flamme	noun	fra
esgard	noun	oci	égard	noun	fra
Abril	properNoun	oci	Abril	properNoun	fra
Wikipédia	properNoun	oci	Wikipédia	properNoun	fra
Pokémon	properNoun	oci	Pokémon	properNoun	fra
installador	noun	oci	installateur	noun	fra
Pros	properNoun	oci	Pros	properNoun	fra
autoctòn	noun	oci	autochtone	noun	fra
maximalista	noun	oci	maximaliste	noun	fra
album	noun	oci	album	noun	fra
Anecí	properNoun	oci	Annecy	properNoun	fra
Nihous	properNoun	oci	Nihous	properNoun	fra
Grados	properNoun	oci	Grados	properNoun	fra
eufonia	noun	oci	euphonie	noun	fra
Kerenski	properNoun	oci	Kerenski	properNoun	fra
pergamin	noun	oci	parchemin	noun	fra
argon	noun	oci	argon	noun	fra
privar	verb	oci	priver	verb	fra
confrontacion	noun	oci	confrontation	noun	fra
Juan	properNoun	oci	Juan	properNoun	fra
desguisar	verb	oci	déguiser	verb	fra
tanpòc	adverb	oci	non plus	adverb	fra
vielhiment	noun	oci	vieillissement	noun	fra
Badenas	properNoun	oci	Badenas	properNoun	fra
crosta	noun	oci	croûte	noun	fra
idratar	verb	oci	hydrater	verb	fra
aliatge	noun	oci	alliage	noun	fra
musicologia	noun	oci	musicologie	noun	fra
Lersundi	properNoun	oci	Lersundi	properNoun	fra
moïment	noun	oci	mouvement	noun	fra
Almunia	properNoun	oci	Almunia	properNoun	fra
paumon	noun	oci	poumon	noun	fra
Bard	properNoun	oci	Bard	properNoun	fra
Bernoulli	properNoun	oci	Bernoulli	properNoun	fra
radioactiu	adjective	oci	radioactif	adjective	fra
idiosincràsia	noun	oci	idiosyncrasie	noun	fra
lei	noun	oci	loi	noun	fra
Planellas	properNoun	oci	Planellas	properNoun	fra
Heng	properNoun	oci	Heng	properNoun	fra
vielhessa	noun	oci	vieillesse	noun	fra
primauera	noun	oci	printemps	noun	fra
Bonsaint	properNoun	oci	Bonsaint	properNoun	fra
von Bernsdorff	properNoun	oci	von Bernsdorff	properNoun	fra
au lum de	preposition	oci	à la lumière de	preposition	fra
deseiretament	noun	oci	déshéritement	noun	fra
Biosca	properNoun	oci	Biosca	properNoun	fra
veuse	noun	oci	veuf	noun	fra
tailandés	noun	oci	thaïlandais	noun	fra
compositor	noun	oci	compositeur	noun	fra
celtisme	noun	oci	celtisme	noun	fra
Var	properNoun	oci	Var	properNoun	fra
Jérémie	properNoun	oci	Jérémie	properNoun	fra
Rabelais	properNoun	oci	Rabelais	properNoun	fra
cosedura	noun	oci	couture	noun	fra
Fischer	properNoun	oci	Fischer	properNoun	fra
dispersion	noun	oci	dispersion	noun	fra
feblir	verb	oci	faiblir	verb	fra
Atutxa	properNoun	oci	Atutxa	properNoun	fra
Danis	properNoun	oci	Danis	properNoun	fra
sordid	adjective	oci	sordide	adjective	fra
Amman	properNoun	oci	Amman	properNoun	fra
Chivite	properNoun	oci	Chivite	properNoun	fra
sonhosament	adverb	oci	soigneusement	adverb	fra
equilibrista	noun	oci	équilibriste	noun	fra
Boeci	properNoun	oci	Boeci	properNoun	fra
Gran Bretanha	properNoun	oci	Grande Bretagne	properNoun	fra
simular	verb	oci	simuler	verb	fra
Margarida	properNoun	oci	Marguerite	properNoun	fra
Margarida	properNoun	oci	Margarida	properNoun	fra
microtubula	noun	oci	microtubule	noun	fra
Chin	properNoun	oci	Chin	properNoun	fra
ideograma	noun	oci	idéogramme	noun	fra
Capmany	properNoun	oci	Capmany	properNoun	fra
don	noun	oci	don	noun	fra
captador	noun	oci	capteur	noun	fra
Black	properNoun	oci	Black	properNoun	fra
desembarcar	verb	oci	débarquer	verb	fra
recerca	noun	oci	recherche	noun	fra
anticatalanisme	noun	oci	anticatalanisme	noun	fra
Fox	properNoun	oci	Fox	properNoun	fra
reconeishença	noun	oci	reconnaissance	noun	fra
rabòt	noun	oci	rabot	noun	fra
epilòg	noun	oci	épilogue	noun	fra
musicoterapia	noun	oci	musicothérapie	noun	fra
Constance	properNoun	oci	Constance	properNoun	fra
ferrat	adjective	oci	ferré	adjective	fra
de la Fuente	properNoun	oci	de la Fuente	properNoun	fra
agroalimentari	noun	oci	agroalimentaire	noun	fra
representant	noun	oci	représentant	noun	fra
centric	adjective	oci	centrique	adjective	fra
adjuvant	adjective	oci	adjuvant	adjective	fra
Noëlle	properNoun	oci	Noëlle	properNoun	fra
Pollard	properNoun	oci	Pollard	properNoun	fra
ferir	verb	oci	blesser	verb	fra
tacar	verb	oci	tacher	verb	fra
Monheit	properNoun	oci	Monheit	properNoun	fra
Daze	properNoun	oci	Daze	properNoun	fra
Villar	properNoun	oci	Villar	properNoun	fra
grandàs	adjective	oci	grandiose	adjective	fra
naturista	adjective	oci	naturiste	adjective	fra
Villemaire	properNoun	oci	Villemaire	properNoun	fra
Alejandre	properNoun	oci	Alejandre	properNoun	fra
assemblar	verb	oci	assembler	verb	fra
orfalin	adjective	oci	orphelin	adjective	fra
Galas	properNoun	oci	Galles	properNoun	fra
refinament	noun	oci	raffinement	noun	fra
Rayner	properNoun	oci	Rayner	properNoun	fra
von Blaskowitz	properNoun	oci	von Blaskowitz	properNoun	fra
Poudrier	properNoun	oci	Poudrier	properNoun	fra
repassar	verb	oci	réviser	verb	fra
Chiavari	properNoun	oci	Chiavari	properNoun	fra
Henriette	properNoun	oci	Henriette	properNoun	fra
mantenença	noun	oci	maintenance	noun	fra
Olivia	properNoun	oci	Olivia	properNoun	fra
levaire	adjective	oci	accoucheur	adjective	fra
mòtle	noun	oci	moule	noun	fra
geopolitic	adjective	oci	géopolitique	adjective	fra
projectiu	adjective	oci	projectif	adjective	fra
Mersenne	properNoun	oci	Mersenne	properNoun	fra
plen	adjective	oci	plein	adjective	fra
Mao	properNoun	oci	Mao	properNoun	fra
pantalha	noun	oci	écran	noun	fra
Acuña	properNoun	oci	Acuña	properNoun	fra
Forster	properNoun	oci	Forster	properNoun	fra
mietat	noun	oci	moitié	noun	fra
Strasbourg	properNoun	oci	Strasbourg	properNoun	fra
subdivision	noun	oci	subdivision	noun	fra
Schaeffer	properNoun	oci	Schaeffer	properNoun	fra
Karlos	properNoun	oci	Karlos	properNoun	fra
Sanabria	properNoun	oci	Sanabria	properNoun	fra
Dickinson	properNoun	oci	Dickinson	properNoun	fra
Castellarnau	properNoun	oci	Castellarnau	properNoun	fra
a la contra de	preposition	oci	à l'encontre de	preposition	fra
abstinéncia	noun	oci	abstinence	noun	fra
glif	noun	oci	glyphe	noun	fra
aufegar	verb	oci	suffoquer	verb	fra
ductile	adjective	oci	ductile	adjective	fra
Zapf	properNoun	oci	Zapf	properNoun	fra
ensems	noun	oci	ensemble	noun	fra
Brin	properNoun	oci	Brin	properNoun	fra
Volkswagen	properNoun	oci	Volkswagen	properNoun	fra
rebèl	adjective	oci	rebelle	adjective	fra
Marmolejo	properNoun	oci	Marmolejo	properNoun	fra
Akinfeiev	properNoun	oci	Akinfeev	properNoun	fra
Abel	properNoun	oci	Abel	properNoun	fra
reescriure	verb	oci	réécrire	verb	fra
Marge	properNoun	oci	Marge	properNoun	fra
Roces	properNoun	oci	Roces	properNoun	fra
Mayer	properNoun	oci	Mayer	properNoun	fra
americanista	noun	oci	américaniste	noun	fra
Lane	properNoun	oci	Lane	properNoun	fra
Florange	properNoun	oci	Florange	properNoun	fra
lòc	noun	oci	lieu	noun	fra
rufa	noun	oci	ride	noun	fra
murtrièr	adjective	oci	meurtrier	adjective	fra
Dagher	properNoun	oci	Dagher	properNoun	fra
maissa	noun	oci	mâchoire	noun	fra
Fraser	properNoun	oci	Fraser	properNoun	fra
autar	noun	oci	autel	noun	fra
Holyfield	properNoun	oci	Holyfield	properNoun	fra
mandolina	noun	oci	mandoline	noun	fra
Lapointe	properNoun	oci	Lapointe	properNoun	fra
calomniar	verb	oci	calomnier	verb	fra
sincòpi	noun	oci	syncope	noun	fra
miejanet	noun	oci	minuit	noun	fra
sanatòri	noun	oci	sanatorium	noun	fra
aubenc	adjective	oci	aubain	adjective	fra
indirèctament	adverb	oci	indirectement	adverb	fra
Grewal	properNoun	oci	Grewal	properNoun	fra
Aroca	properNoun	oci	Aroca	properNoun	fra
Sleiman	properNoun	oci	Sleiman	properNoun	fra
Leandro	properNoun	oci	Leandro	properNoun	fra
Labre	properNoun	oci	Labre	properNoun	fra
riquesa	noun	oci	richesse	noun	fra
inumacion	noun	oci	inhumation	noun	fra
illusion	noun	oci	illusion	noun	fra
telecomunicacion	noun	oci	télécommunication	noun	fra
passant	noun	oci	passant	noun	fra
Macarro	properNoun	oci	Macarro	properNoun	fra
Menjivar	properNoun	oci	Menjivar	properNoun	fra
Barbera	properNoun	oci	Barbera	properNoun	fra
Brent	properNoun	oci	Brent	properNoun	fra
Storey	properNoun	oci	Storey	properNoun	fra
conspirar	verb	oci	conspirer	verb	fra
pasible	adjective	oci	paisible	adjective	fra
viletat	noun	oci	vileté	noun	fra
viletat	noun	oci	bassesse	noun	fra
Croteau	properNoun	oci	Croteau	properNoun	fra
canalizar	verb	oci	canaliser	verb	fra
optimista	adjective	oci	optimiste	adjective	fra
von Fernburg	properNoun	oci	von Fernburg	properNoun	fra
magician	noun	oci	magicien	noun	fra
Velasquez	properNoun	oci	Velasquez	properNoun	fra
conseguir	verb	oci	réussir	verb	fra
Llobera	properNoun	oci	Llobera	properNoun	fra
trigonometria	noun	oci	trigonométrie	noun	fra
Aliau	properNoun	oci	Aliau	properNoun	fra
teologia	noun	oci	théologie	noun	fra
molinièr	noun	oci	meunier	noun	fra
anafilactic	adjective	oci	anaphylactique	adjective	fra
Graell	properNoun	oci	Graell	properNoun	fra
ascetisme	noun	oci	ascétisme	noun	fra
raissa	noun	oci	averse	noun	fra
Generalitat	properNoun	oci	Generalitat	properNoun	fra
seminari	noun	oci	séminaire	noun	fra
acrilic	adjective	oci	acrylique	adjective	fra
Daria	properNoun	oci	Daria	properNoun	fra
Giannina	properNoun	oci	Giannina	properNoun	fra
arbustiu	adjective	oci	arbustif	adjective	fra
Turing	properNoun	oci	Turing	properNoun	fra
aquitan	adjective	oci	aquitain	adjective	fra
Chaumont	properNoun	oci	Chaumont	properNoun	fra
implantar	verb	oci	implanter	verb	fra
codina	noun	oci	cuisine	noun	fra
demanda	noun	oci	demande	noun	fra
barrièira	noun	oci	barrière	noun	fra
sirian	noun	oci	Syrien	noun	fra
enonciacion	noun	oci	énonciation	noun	fra
Campion	properNoun	oci	Campion	properNoun	fra
faiòu	noun	oci	haricot	noun	fra
terren	noun	oci	terrain	noun	fra
Dodier	properNoun	oci	Dodier	properNoun	fra
Lescelleur	properNoun	oci	Lescelleur	properNoun	fra
Tellez	properNoun	oci	Tellez	properNoun	fra
evangelisme	noun	oci	évangélisme	noun	fra
adociment	noun	oci	adoucissement	noun	fra
Lavallée	properNoun	oci	Lavallée	properNoun	fra
San Miguel	properNoun	oci	San Miguel	properNoun	fra
cosmografia	noun	oci	cosmographie	noun	fra
latitud	noun	oci	latitude	noun	fra
Llobregat	properNoun	oci	Llobregat	properNoun	fra
reauçar	verb	oci	rehausser	verb	fra
narrejament	noun	oci	nasillement	noun	fra
pelat	adjective	oci	pelé	adjective	fra
kenyan	noun	oci	Kenyan	noun	fra
Bearskin	properNoun	oci	Bearskin	properNoun	fra
Browne	properNoun	oci	Browne	properNoun	fra
Robbins	properNoun	oci	Robbins	properNoun	fra
Hortal	properNoun	oci	Hortal	properNoun	fra
Crispin	properNoun	oci	Crispin	properNoun	fra
illegible	adjective	oci	illisible	adjective	fra
Elum	properNoun	oci	Elum	properNoun	fra
Banks	properNoun	oci	Banks	properNoun	fra
motlar	verb	oci	mouler	verb	fra
NASA	noun	oci	NASA	noun	fra
critic	adjective	oci	critique	adjective	fra
informatician	noun	oci	informaticien	noun	fra
Solà	properNoun	oci	Solà	properNoun	fra
verticille	noun	oci	verticille	noun	fra
descoratjament	noun	oci	découragement	noun	fra
Cook	properNoun	oci	Cook	properNoun	fra
Courtemanche	properNoun	oci	Courtemanche	properNoun	fra
Roberge	properNoun	oci	Roberge	properNoun	fra
Deguise	properNoun	oci	Deguise	properNoun	fra
ressegar	verb	oci	scier	verb	fra
mortificar	verb	oci	mortifier	verb	fra
turbulent	adjective	oci	turbulent	adjective	fra
desonor	noun	oci	déshonneur	noun	fra
Halley	properNoun	oci	Halley	properNoun	fra
Llosa	properNoun	oci	Llosa	properNoun	fra
Dahan	properNoun	oci	Dahan	properNoun	fra
leon	noun	oci	lion	noun	fra
vigília	noun	oci	veille	noun	fra
bard	noun	oci	argile	noun	fra
omnipreséncia	noun	oci	omniprésence	noun	fra
exogèn	adjective	oci	exogène	adjective	fra
Rigat	properNoun	oci	Rigat	properNoun	fra
feutre	noun	oci	feutre	noun	fra
butinejaire	adjective	oci	butineur	adjective	fra
prèst	adverb	oci	prêt	adverb	fra
remodelacion	noun	oci	rénovation	noun	fra
fronton	noun	oci	fronton	noun	fra
integrisme	noun	oci	intégrisme	noun	fra
Carcelén	properNoun	oci	Carcelén	properNoun	fra
Archer	properNoun	oci	Archer	properNoun	fra
valable	adjective	oci	valable	adjective	fra
Salicru	properNoun	oci	Salicru	properNoun	fra
desbocadura	noun	oci	embouchure	noun	fra
Aranzana	properNoun	oci	Aranzana	properNoun	fra
entà per'mor que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	pour que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Borrajo	properNoun	oci	Borrajo	properNoun	fra
Alva	properNoun	oci	Alva	properNoun	fra
fetiche	adjective	oci	fétiche	adjective	fra
protestant	noun	oci	protestant	noun	fra
configurar	verb	oci	configurer	verb	fra
de Oliveira	properNoun	oci	de Oliveira	properNoun	fra
eissiròc	noun	oci	sud-est	noun	fra
comòda	noun	oci	commode	noun	fra
viure	noun	oci	vivre	noun	fra
Theron	properNoun	oci	Theron	properNoun	fra
Culubret	properNoun	oci	Culubret	properNoun	fra
Marro	properNoun	oci	Marro	properNoun	fra
cubèrt	adjective	oci	couvert	adjective	fra
operar	verb	oci	opérer	verb	fra
Brewer	properNoun	oci	Brewer	properNoun	fra
subatomic	adjective	oci	subatomique	adjective	fra
Grueso	properNoun	oci	Grueso	properNoun	fra
Coutu	properNoun	oci	Coutu	properNoun	fra
penible	adjective	oci	pénible	adjective	fra
molibdèn	noun	oci	molybdène	noun	fra
botonar	verb	oci	boutonner	verb	fra
silvicultura	noun	oci	sylviculture	noun	fra
Millien	properNoun	oci	Millien	properNoun	fra
Dandonneau	properNoun	oci	Dandonneau	properNoun	fra
Kowait	properNoun	oci	Koweït	properNoun	fra
arid	adjective	oci	aride	adjective	fra
a flor e a mesura que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	au fur et à mesure que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
ròsa	noun	oci	rose	noun	fra
Guillot	properNoun	oci	Guillot	properNoun	fra
Tetoan	properNoun	oci	Tétouan	properNoun	fra
olimpian	adjective	oci	olympien	adjective	fra
Nasarre	properNoun	oci	Nasarre	properNoun	fra
eslau	noun	oci	slave	noun	fra
Ayckbourn	properNoun	oci	Ayckbourn	properNoun	fra
Agirrezabal	properNoun	oci	Agirrezabal	properNoun	fra
Eden	properNoun	oci	Eden	properNoun	fra
perseverant	adjective	oci	persévérant	adjective	fra
ecologic	adjective	oci	écologique	adjective	fra
farmacocinetica	noun	oci	pharmacocinétique	noun	fra
Paiement	properNoun	oci	Paiement	properNoun	fra
Quoquochi	properNoun	oci	Quoquochi	properNoun	fra
sagnament	noun	oci	saignement	noun	fra
provocacion	noun	oci	provocation	noun	fra
Adria	properNoun	oci	Adria	properNoun	fra
viable	adjective	oci	viable	adjective	fra
copiosament	adverb	oci	copieusement	adverb	fra
espaciós	adjective	oci	spacieux	adjective	fra
infrastructura	noun	oci	infrastructure	noun	fra
Wilhelm	properNoun	oci	Wilhelm	properNoun	fra
San Nicolas	properNoun	oci	San Nicolas	properNoun	fra
intercomunicacion	noun	oci	intercommunication	noun	fra
purgar	verb	oci	purger	verb	fra
Ed	properNoun	oci	Ed	properNoun	fra
Destiny	properNoun	oci	Destiny	properNoun	fra
biotòp	noun	oci	biotope	noun	fra
del Moral	properNoun	oci	del Moral	properNoun	fra
Reguera	properNoun	oci	Reguera	properNoun	fra
judici	noun	oci	jugement	noun	fra
iòde	noun	oci	iode	noun	fra
Sybil	properNoun	oci	Sybil	properNoun	fra
encadenar	verb	oci	enchaîner	verb	fra
Grand Bretanha	properNoun	oci	Grande-Bretagne	properNoun	fra
Ilha de França	properNoun	oci	Île-de-France	properNoun	fra
al delà	adverb	oci	au-delà	adverb	fra
Duro	properNoun	oci	Duro	properNoun	fra
emetre	verb	oci	émettre	verb	fra
Ruel	properNoun	oci	Ruel	properNoun	fra
sièja	noun	oci	suie	noun	fra
Cazacstan	properNoun	oci	Kazakhstan	properNoun	fra
èxtra	adjective	oci	extra	adjective	fra
Wallis e Futuna	properNoun	oci	Wallis-et-Futuna	properNoun	fra
Arrieta	properNoun	oci	Arrieta	properNoun	fra
Salame	properNoun	oci	Salame	properNoun	fra
imprecís	adjective	oci	imprécis	adjective	fra
pomièr	noun	oci	pommier	noun	fra
innovacion	noun	oci	innovation	noun	fra
andorran	adjective	oci	andorran	adjective	fra
Terrades	properNoun	oci	Terrades	properNoun	fra
SA	noun	oci	SA	noun	fra
patrimòni	noun	oci	patrimoine	noun	fra
Bielsa	properNoun	oci	Bielsa	properNoun	fra
triquet	noun	oci	truc	noun	fra
Crossley	properNoun	oci	Crossley	properNoun	fra
Émard	properNoun	oci	Émard	properNoun	fra
Martell	properNoun	oci	Martell	properNoun	fra
subvencionar	verb	oci	subventionner	verb	fra
Kauki	properNoun	oci	Kauki	properNoun	fra
causida	noun	oci	choix	noun	fra
Renaissença	properNoun	oci	Renaissance	properNoun	fra
complice	noun	oci	complice	noun	fra
còla	noun	oci	colle	noun	fra
Cornu	properNoun	oci	Cornu	properNoun	fra
imperiós	adjective	oci	impérieux	adjective	fra
dejós de	adverb	oci	sous	adverb	fra
Kruger	properNoun	oci	Kruger	properNoun	fra
nafrat	adjective	oci	blessé	adjective	fra
Erra	properNoun	oci	Erra	properNoun	fra
Downey	properNoun	oci	Downey	properNoun	fra
Gaga	properNoun	oci	Gaga	properNoun	fra
esoteric	adjective	oci	ésotérique	adjective	fra
indemnizar	verb	oci	indemniser	verb	fra
escrutar	verb	oci	scruter	verb	fra
modèl	adjective	oci	modèle	adjective	fra
Arjona	properNoun	oci	Arjona	properNoun	fra
AVE	noun	oci	AVE	noun	fra
memòria	noun	oci	mémoire	noun	fra
Casasayas	properNoun	oci	Casasayas	properNoun	fra
integrista	noun	oci	intégriste	noun	fra
St-Roch	properNoun	oci	St-Roch	properNoun	fra
Brown	properNoun	oci	Brown	properNoun	fra
exaustiu	adjective	oci	exhaustif	adjective	fra
Encinas	properNoun	oci	Encinas	properNoun	fra
Satta	properNoun	oci	Satta	properNoun	fra
Ashraf	properNoun	oci	Ashraf	properNoun	fra
Reina	properNoun	oci	Reina	properNoun	fra
Copé	properNoun	oci	Copé	properNoun	fra
apreciable	adjective	oci	appréciable	adjective	fra
Millá	properNoun	oci	Millá	properNoun	fra
boscós	adjective	oci	boisé	adjective	fra
industrializacion	noun	oci	industrialisation	noun	fra
Audrey	properNoun	oci	Audrey	properNoun	fra
Hugues	properNoun	oci	Hugues	properNoun	fra
glacièr	noun	oci	glacier	noun	fra
Subías	properNoun	oci	Subías	properNoun	fra
anticiclòn	noun	oci	anticyclone	noun	fra
potencializacion	noun	oci	potentialisation	noun	fra
graficament	adverb	oci	graphiquement	adverb	fra
supraconductor	noun	oci	supraconducteur	noun	fra
Montes	properNoun	oci	Montes	properNoun	fra
Hewitt	properNoun	oci	Hewitt	properNoun	fra
crematòri	adjective	oci	crématoire	adjective	fra
amistadós	adjective	oci	amical	adjective	fra
maine	noun	oci	manoir	noun	fra
Pessamessa	properNoun	oci	Pessamessa	properNoun	fra
iogoslau	adjective	oci	yougoslave	adjective	fra
Sasha	properNoun	oci	Sasha	properNoun	fra
Duff	properNoun	oci	Duff	properNoun	fra
Trinitat e Tobago	properNoun	oci	Trinité-et-Tobago	properNoun	fra
Peraire	properNoun	oci	Peraire	properNoun	fra
Cara	properNoun	oci	Cara	properNoun	fra
Molnar	properNoun	oci	Molnar	properNoun	fra
Skype	properNoun	oci	Skype	properNoun	fra
crepuscular	adjective	oci	crépusculaire	adjective	fra
foncionalitat	noun	oci	fonctionnalité	noun	fra
Cantave	properNoun	oci	Cantave	properNoun	fra
Poyo	properNoun	oci	Poyo	properNoun	fra
Briand	properNoun	oci	Briand	properNoun	fra
Madeleine	properNoun	oci	Madeleine	properNoun	fra
disciplinable	adjective	oci	disciplinable	adjective	fra
basalt	noun	oci	basalte	noun	fra
refondar	verb	oci	refonder	verb	fra
Larousse	properNoun	oci	Larousse	properNoun	fra
ensenhaire	noun	oci	enseignant	noun	fra
jogaire	adjective	oci	joueur	adjective	fra
defuntar	verb	oci	décéder	verb	fra
Casadesus	properNoun	oci	Casadesus	properNoun	fra
Hui	properNoun	oci	Hui	properNoun	fra
Melendo	properNoun	oci	Melendo	properNoun	fra
romantic	adjective	oci	romantique	adjective	fra
nacional	noun	oci	national	noun	fra
ponheson	noun	oci	élancement	noun	fra
sonic	adjective	oci	sonique	adjective	fra
pilhatge	noun	oci	pillage	noun	fra
desonèst	adjective	oci	malhonnête	adjective	fra
Depont	properNoun	oci	Depont	properNoun	fra
destructiu	adjective	oci	destructif	adjective	fra
lancejada	noun	oci	élancement	noun	fra
atipic	adjective	oci	atypique	adjective	fra
modèstament	adverb	oci	modestement	adverb	fra
Mas Gayà	properNoun	oci	Mas Gayà	properNoun	fra
ofrir	verb	oci	offrir	verb	fra
Khaled	properNoun	oci	Khaled	properNoun	fra
Mishima	properNoun	oci	Mishima	properNoun	fra
Yamaha	properNoun	oci	Yamaha	properNoun	fra
poirit	adjective	oci	pourri	adjective	fra
colica	noun	oci	colique	noun	fra
pagés	noun	oci	paysan	noun	fra
Prunera	properNoun	oci	Prunera	properNoun	fra
Charpentier	properNoun	oci	Charpentier	properNoun	fra
Lécuyer	properNoun	oci	Lécuyer	properNoun	fra
Bennati	properNoun	oci	Bennati	properNoun	fra
socratisme	noun	oci	socratisme	noun	fra
Vilamitjana	properNoun	oci	Vilamitjana	properNoun	fra
ceba	noun	oci	oignon	noun	fra
Catarineu	properNoun	oci	Catarineu	properNoun	fra
agotament	noun	oci	épuisement	noun	fra
Suïls	properNoun	oci	Suïls	properNoun	fra
existent	adjective	oci	existant	adjective	fra
division	noun	oci	division	noun	fra
taiwanés	noun	oci	taïwanais	noun	fra
peninsula	noun	oci	péninsule	noun	fra
marcian	adjective	oci	martien	adjective	fra
aplaudiment	noun	oci	applaudissement	noun	fra
Qumaluk	properNoun	oci	Qumaluk	properNoun	fra
Arribas	properNoun	oci	Arribas	properNoun	fra
Hernandez	properNoun	oci	Hernandez	properNoun	fra
conduch	noun	oci	conduit	noun	fra
Llorach	properNoun	oci	Llorach	properNoun	fra
Atiyah	properNoun	oci	Atiyah	properNoun	fra
desprovesir	verb	oci	dépourvoir	verb	fra
musèu	noun	oci	musée	noun	fra
sirèna	noun	oci	sirène	noun	fra
Dailymotion	properNoun	oci	Dailymotion	properNoun	fra
òrle	noun	oci	ourlet	noun	fra
adjoncion	noun	oci	adjonction	noun	fra
Miraflores	properNoun	oci	Miraflores	properNoun	fra
supereròi	noun	oci	super-héros	noun	fra
archiduc	noun	oci	archiduc	noun	fra
Elkano	properNoun	oci	Elkano	properNoun	fra
lunfèrn	noun	oci	enfer	noun	fra
Romney	properNoun	oci	Romney	properNoun	fra
enviar	verb	oci	envoyer	verb	fra
abrutit	noun	oci	abruti	noun	fra
estauvi	noun	oci	épargne	noun	fra
seduccion	noun	oci	séduction	noun	fra
Jeudy	properNoun	oci	Jeudy	properNoun	fra
aviator	noun	oci	aviateur	noun	fra
promotor	adjective	oci	promoteur	adjective	fra
periferic	adjective	oci	périphérique	adjective	fra
Mak	properNoun	oci	Mak	properNoun	fra
despolha	noun	oci	dépouille	noun	fra
Marrugat	properNoun	oci	Marrugat	properNoun	fra
perfeccion	noun	oci	perfection	noun	fra
Desbiens	properNoun	oci	Desbiens	properNoun	fra
geolocalizacion	noun	oci	géolocalisation	noun	fra
avalanca	noun	oci	avalanche	noun	fra
Zimmer	properNoun	oci	Zimmer	properNoun	fra
von Arnim	properNoun	oci	von Arnim	properNoun	fra
Salvatella	properNoun	oci	Salvatella	properNoun	fra
a mand de	preposition	oci	sur le point de	preposition	fra
programable	adjective	oci	programmable	adjective	fra
Bussières	properNoun	oci	Bussières	properNoun	fra
facieta	noun	oci	facette	noun	fra
Espuny	properNoun	oci	Espuny	properNoun	fra
Aude	properNoun	oci	Aude	properNoun	fra
preire	noun	oci	prêtre	noun	fra
Castor	properNoun	oci	Castor	properNoun	fra
ornamentacion	noun	oci	ornementation	noun	fra
Assaad	properNoun	oci	Assaad	properNoun	fra
privilegiat	adjective	oci	privilégié	adjective	fra
Dunquèrca	properNoun	oci	Dunkerque	properNoun	fra
Kovacs	properNoun	oci	Kovacs	properNoun	fra
sardina	noun	oci	sardine	noun	fra
revenge	noun	oci	revanche	noun	fra
Chong	properNoun	oci	Chong	properNoun	fra
Normandeau	properNoun	oci	Normandeau	properNoun	fra
Archibald	properNoun	oci	Archibald	properNoun	fra
Endre	properNoun	oci	Indre	properNoun	fra
plumatge	noun	oci	plumage	noun	fra
vulgarizacion	noun	oci	vulgarisation	noun	fra
latinizacion	noun	oci	latinisation	noun	fra
alumne	noun	oci	élève	noun	fra
tot	determiner	oci	tout	determiner	fra
prometre	verb	oci	promettre	verb	fra
Arsenault	properNoun	oci	Arsenault	properNoun	fra
Bartomeu	properNoun	oci	Bartomeu	properNoun	fra
Stahl	properNoun	oci	Stahl	properNoun	fra
termodinamic	adjective	oci	thermodynamique	adjective	fra
propagacion	noun	oci	propagation	noun	fra
modulacion	noun	oci	modulation	noun	fra
Jekyll	properNoun	oci	Jekyll	properNoun	fra
metriti	noun	oci	métrite	noun	fra
exclusiu	adjective	oci	exclusif	adjective	fra
esclòp	noun	oci	sabot	noun	fra
tai	noun	oci	thaïlandais	noun	fra
Formentera	properNoun	oci	Formentera	properNoun	fra
Bowler	properNoun	oci	Bowler	properNoun	fra
termalisme	noun	oci	thermalisme	noun	fra
associatiu	adjective	oci	associatif	adjective	fra
reocupacion	noun	oci	réoccupation	noun	fra
joiosament	adverb	oci	joyeusement	adverb	fra
oncion	noun	oci	onction	noun	fra
Manning	properNoun	oci	Manning	properNoun	fra
immutabilitat	noun	oci	immuabilité	noun	fra
Pratchett	properNoun	oci	Pratchett	properNoun	fra
malgrat	preposition	oci	malgré	preposition	fra
French	properNoun	oci	French	properNoun	fra
Audy	properNoun	oci	Audy	properNoun	fra
deficient	adjective	oci	déficient	adjective	fra
testimoniatge	noun	oci	témoignage	noun	fra
ridèl	noun	oci	rideau	noun	fra
Hemingway	properNoun	oci	Hemingway	properNoun	fra
Rousse	properNoun	oci	Rousse	properNoun	fra
Pinel	properNoun	oci	Pinel	properNoun	fra
Utzon	properNoun	oci	Utzon	properNoun	fra
fission	noun	oci	fission	noun	fra
Dennis	properNoun	oci	Dennis	properNoun	fra
infirmitat	noun	oci	infirmité	noun	fra
ereditat	noun	oci	hérédité	noun	fra
analfabetisme	noun	oci	analphabétisme	noun	fra
Boisset	properNoun	oci	Boisset	properNoun	fra
atribuible	adjective	oci	attribuable	adjective	fra
incision	noun	oci	incision	noun	fra
Amaury	properNoun	oci	Amaury	properNoun	fra
Corchero	properNoun	oci	Corchero	properNoun	fra
a fin e a mesura que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	au fur et à mesure que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Margalida	properNoun	oci	Margalida	properNoun	fra
de Varennes	properNoun	oci	de Varennes	properNoun	fra
drut	adjective	oci	dru	adjective	fra
Remy	properNoun	oci	Remy	properNoun	fra
biotecnologia	noun	oci	biotechnologie	noun	fra
Iván	properNoun	oci	Iván	properNoun	fra
Augé	properNoun	oci	Augé	properNoun	fra
confrariá	noun	oci	confrérie	noun	fra
en escambi de	preposition	oci	en échange de	preposition	fra
Josephine	properNoun	oci	Josephine	properNoun	fra
Verdon	properNoun	oci	Verdon	properNoun	fra
Minhas	properNoun	oci	Minhas	properNoun	fra
donjon	noun	oci	donjon	noun	fra
deïctic	noun	oci	déictique	noun	fra
exagerat	adjective	oci	exagéré	adjective	fra
Andoni	properNoun	oci	Andoni	properNoun	fra
amazigh	adjective	oci	amazigh	adjective	fra
Rueda	properNoun	oci	Rueda	properNoun	fra
Sòria	properNoun	oci	Sòria	properNoun	fra
oratòri	adjective	oci	oratoire	adjective	fra
Avia	properNoun	oci	Avia	properNoun	fra
molecula	noun	oci	molécule	noun	fra
respectuosament	adverb	oci	respectueusement	adverb	fra
Bernard	properNoun	oci	Bernard	properNoun	fra
escleròsi	noun	oci	sclérose	noun	fra
acompanhament	noun	oci	accompagnement	noun	fra
Rhode Island	properNoun	oci	Rhode Island	properNoun	fra
Bar-le-Duc	properNoun	oci	Bar-le-Duc	properNoun	fra
convivéncia	noun	oci	cohabitation	noun	fra
dominiqués	adjective	oci	dominiquais	adjective	fra
Manzanera	properNoun	oci	Manzanera	properNoun	fra
enonciat	noun	oci	énoncé	noun	fra
von Bahrfeldt	properNoun	oci	von Bahrfeldt	properNoun	fra
Brujas	properNoun	oci	Bruges	properNoun	fra
esclavagista	noun	oci	esclavagiste	noun	fra
orientalizar	verb	oci	orientaliser	verb	fra
júnher	verb	oci	joindre	verb	fra
secret	adjective	oci	secret	adjective	fra
Ginestet	properNoun	oci	Ginestet	properNoun	fra
Polítkovskaia	properNoun	oci	Polítkovskaia	properNoun	fra
Wojtyla	properNoun	oci	Wojtyla	properNoun	fra
auxiliar	noun	oci	auxiliaire	noun	fra
individualista	noun	oci	individualiste	noun	fra
pontualitat	noun	oci	ponctualité	noun	fra
volontièr	adverb	oci	volontiers	adverb	fra
inocular	verb	oci	inoculer	verb	fra
tuvaluan	noun	oci	Tuvaluan	noun	fra
Marrero	properNoun	oci	Marrero	properNoun	fra
instabilitat	noun	oci	instabilité	noun	fra
Ségolène Royal	properNoun	oci	Ségolène Royal	properNoun	fra
Nanfaro	properNoun	oci	Nanfaro	properNoun	fra
von Bismarck	properNoun	oci	von Bismarck	properNoun	fra
reputar	verb	oci	réputer	verb	fra
Jung	properNoun	oci	Jung	properNoun	fra
Apalantza	properNoun	oci	Apalantza	properNoun	fra
Dols	properNoun	oci	Dols	properNoun	fra
iac	noun	oci	yack	noun	fra
expurgar	verb	oci	expurger	verb	fra
merit	noun	oci	mérite	noun	fra
Gròs	properNoun	oci	Gròs	properNoun	fra
vivaça	noun	oci	vivace	noun	fra
Fuoco	properNoun	oci	Fuoco	properNoun	fra
reprografia	noun	oci	reprographie	noun	fra
Raff	properNoun	oci	Raff	properNoun	fra
doric	adjective	oci	dorique	adjective	fra
Sarriás	properNoun	oci	Sarriás	properNoun	fra
elicitacion	noun	oci	élicitation	noun	fra
Beaucaire	properNoun	oci	Beaucaire	properNoun	fra
socialisme	noun	oci	socialisme	noun	fra
gerontologia	noun	oci	gérontologie	noun	fra
Lemens	properNoun	oci	Lemens	properNoun	fra
Mas i Ossó	properNoun	oci	Mas i Ossó	properNoun	fra
trobalha	noun	oci	trouvaille	noun	fra
chivau	noun	oci	cheval	noun	fra
cachavièlha	noun	oci	cauchemar	noun	fra
esquiròl	noun	oci	écureuil	noun	fra
Petyx	properNoun	oci	Petyx	properNoun	fra
Bobbitt	properNoun	oci	Bobbitt	properNoun	fra
imperatiu	adjective	oci	impératif	adjective	fra
de Havilland	properNoun	oci	de Havilland	properNoun	fra
carbonièr	adjective	oci	charbonnier	adjective	fra
von Moltke	properNoun	oci	von Moltke	properNoun	fra
Nòu Mexic	properNoun	oci	Nouveau-Mexique	properNoun	fra
Raimundo	properNoun	oci	Raimundo	properNoun	fra
nòvament	adverb	oci	nouvellement	adverb	fra
McMullen	properNoun	oci	McMullen	properNoun	fra
Balza	properNoun	oci	Balza	properNoun	fra
assiduitat	noun	oci	assiduité	noun	fra
Callejón	properNoun	oci	Callejón	properNoun	fra
Nairòbi	properNoun	oci	Nairobi	properNoun	fra
geologicament	adverb	oci	géologiquement	adverb	fra
Reader	properNoun	oci	Reader	properNoun	fra
Harrak	properNoun	oci	Harrak	properNoun	fra
alumini	noun	oci	aluminium	noun	fra
Gemma	properNoun	oci	Gemma	properNoun	fra
penalitat	noun	oci	pénalité	noun	fra
cinquanta sièis	numeral	oci	cinquante-six	numeral	fra
superior	adjective	oci	supérieur	adjective	fra
Susanne	properNoun	oci	Susanne	properNoun	fra
diamant	noun	oci	diamant	noun	fra
Margarita	properNoun	oci	Margarita	properNoun	fra
Galbraith	properNoun	oci	Galbraith	properNoun	fra
intrada	noun	oci	entrée	noun	fra
Mankiewicz	properNoun	oci	Mankiewicz	properNoun	fra
Lloveras	properNoun	oci	Lloveras	properNoun	fra
evangeliari	noun	oci	évangéliaire	noun	fra
Dossantos	properNoun	oci	Dossantos	properNoun	fra
Forcier	properNoun	oci	Forcier	properNoun	fra
maniabilitat	noun	oci	maniabilité	noun	fra
pataud	noun	oci	maladroit	noun	fra
Griffiths	properNoun	oci	Griffiths	properNoun	fra
infinitiu	noun	oci	infinitif	noun	fra
public	noun	oci	public	noun	fra
contratemps	noun	oci	contretemps	noun	fra
Lévi	properNoun	oci	Lévi	properNoun	fra
oprimir	verb	oci	opprimer	verb	fra
infiltracion	noun	oci	infiltration	noun	fra
jauta	noun	oci	joue	noun	fra
Abella	properNoun	oci	Abella	properNoun	fra
Pajares	properNoun	oci	Pajares	properNoun	fra
senil	adjective	oci	sénile	adjective	fra
Nadine	properNoun	oci	Nadine	properNoun	fra
fisèl	adjective	oci	fidèle	adjective	fra
Indonesia	properNoun	oci	Indonésie	properNoun	fra
encensaire	adjective	oci	adulateur	adjective	fra
empencha	noun	oci	poussée	noun	fra
Arqué	properNoun	oci	Arqué	properNoun	fra
petarèl	noun	oci	mobylette	noun	fra
Whittington	properNoun	oci	Whittington	properNoun	fra
Corneau	properNoun	oci	Corneau	properNoun	fra
gendarmariá	noun	oci	gendarmerie	noun	fra
Ianoukovytch	properNoun	oci	Ianoukovytch	properNoun	fra
Cai	properNoun	oci	Cai	properNoun	fra
Dunst	properNoun	oci	Dunst	properNoun	fra
Terrazas	properNoun	oci	Terrazas	properNoun	fra
Wilcox	properNoun	oci	Wilcox	properNoun	fra
orrible	adjective	oci	horrible	adjective	fra
Gambin	properNoun	oci	Gambin	properNoun	fra
fructuós	adjective	oci	fructueux	adjective	fra
per rason	adverb	oci	raisonnablement	adverb	fra
Jean-Michel	properNoun	oci	Jean-Michel	properNoun	fra
barbar	noun	oci	barbare	noun	fra
Jemma	properNoun	oci	Jemma	properNoun	fra
lançada	noun	oci	élancement	noun	fra
Berrocal	properNoun	oci	Berrocal	properNoun	fra
Virginie	properNoun	oci	Virginie	properNoun	fra
totalitari	adjective	oci	totalitaire	adjective	fra
obsessionar	verb	oci	obséder	verb	fra
PACA	noun	oci	PACA	noun	fra
alopecia	noun	oci	alopécie	noun	fra
Rail	properNoun	oci	Rail	properNoun	fra
tot compte fait e debatut	adverb	oci	en fin de compte	adverb	fra
Chami	properNoun	oci	Chami	properNoun	fra
integrar	verb	oci	intégrer	verb	fra
simetric	adjective	oci	symétrique	adjective	fra
Gagliano	properNoun	oci	Gagliano	properNoun	fra
sospir	noun	oci	soupir	noun	fra
Ong	properNoun	oci	Ong	properNoun	fra
determinacion	noun	oci	détermination	noun	fra
Joachim	properNoun	oci	Joachim	properNoun	fra
Ghaleb	properNoun	oci	Ghaleb	properNoun	fra
Sébastien	properNoun	oci	Sébastien	properNoun	fra
aculhiment	noun	oci	accueil	noun	fra
promés	noun	oci	fiancé	noun	fra
Proudhon	properNoun	oci	Proudhon	properNoun	fra
Chabot	properNoun	oci	Chabot	properNoun	fra
Vilandré	properNoun	oci	Vilandré	properNoun	fra
mandar	verb	oci	envoyer	verb	fra
admonicion	noun	oci	admonition	noun	fra
Tuneu	properNoun	oci	Tuneu	properNoun	fra
Cairns	properNoun	oci	Cairns	properNoun	fra
Wittgenstein	properNoun	oci	Wittgenstein	properNoun	fra
Adélie	properNoun	oci	Adélie	properNoun	fra
Cambó	properNoun	oci	Cambó	properNoun	fra
funèst	adjective	oci	funeste	adjective	fra
Priego	properNoun	oci	Priego	properNoun	fra
malhorquin	adjective	oci	majorquin	adjective	fra
bordilhièr	noun	oci	poubelle	noun	fra
Beauseigle	properNoun	oci	Beauseigle	properNoun	fra
part	preposition	oci	excepté	preposition	fra
Vivó	properNoun	oci	Vivó	properNoun	fra
Howells	properNoun	oci	Howells	properNoun	fra
Kirouac	properNoun	oci	Kirouac	properNoun	fra
galavard	noun	oci	glouton	noun	fra
Cussà	properNoun	oci	Cussà	properNoun	fra
Kyiiv	properNoun	oci	Kiev	properNoun	fra
Giovanni	properNoun	oci	Giovanni	properNoun	fra
Butt	properNoun	oci	Butt	properNoun	fra
Sillah	properNoun	oci	Sillah	properNoun	fra
Arraibi	properNoun	oci	Arraibi	properNoun	fra
metatèsi	noun	oci	métathèse	noun	fra
Arrabal	properNoun	oci	Arrabal	properNoun	fra
Filella	properNoun	oci	Filella	properNoun	fra
valencian	noun	oci	valencien	noun	fra
verbalizar	verb	oci	verbaliser	verb	fra
facilitacion	noun	oci	facilitation	noun	fra
mantenir	verb	oci	maintenir	verb	fra
Amill	properNoun	oci	Amill	properNoun	fra
Unzúe	properNoun	oci	Unzúe	properNoun	fra
oceanologia	noun	oci	océanologie	noun	fra
garganta	noun	oci	gorge	noun	fra
reactivar	verb	oci	réactiver	verb	fra
qualquarren	pronoun	oci	quelque chose	pronoun	fra
Rachid	properNoun	oci	Rachid	properNoun	fra
atudar	verb	oci	éteindre	verb	fra
industrializar	verb	oci	industrialiser	verb	fra
Donato	properNoun	oci	Donato	properNoun	fra
veu	noun	oci	voix	noun	fra
Lalumière	properNoun	oci	Lalumière	properNoun	fra
professionalisme	noun	oci	professionnalisme	noun	fra
Eléonore	properNoun	oci	Eléonore	properNoun	fra
Deslières	properNoun	oci	Deslières	properNoun	fra
Méliès	properNoun	oci	Méliès	properNoun	fra
traquèa	noun	oci	trachée	noun	fra
interpretariat	noun	oci	interprétariat	noun	fra
remesa	noun	oci	remise	noun	fra
Britten	properNoun	oci	Britten	properNoun	fra
Dahmer	properNoun	oci	Dahmer	properNoun	fra
anglés	noun	oci	anglais	noun	fra
aerodròm	noun	oci	aérodrome	noun	fra
determinista	adjective	oci	déterministe	adjective	fra
Romanelli	properNoun	oci	Romanelli	properNoun	fra
Kerejeta	properNoun	oci	Kerejeta	properNoun	fra
Demeule	properNoun	oci	Demeule	properNoun	fra
adult	adjective	oci	adulte	adjective	fra
abitat	noun	oci	habitat	noun	fra
fluid	adjective	oci	fluide	adjective	fra
Alwin	properNoun	oci	Alwin	properNoun	fra
scindir	verb	oci	scinder	verb	fra
Beauparlant	properNoun	oci	Beauparlant	properNoun	fra
central	noun	oci	central	noun	fra
Papadakis	properNoun	oci	Papadakis	properNoun	fra
Carranza	properNoun	oci	Carranza	properNoun	fra
Africa subsahariana	properNoun	oci	Afrique subsaharienne	properNoun	fra
romec	noun	oci	ronce	noun	fra
tenebrisme	noun	oci	ténébrisme	noun	fra
abituar	verb	oci	habituer	verb	fra
Flamsteed	properNoun	oci	Flamsteed	properNoun	fra
Guèvremont	properNoun	oci	Guèvremont	properNoun	fra
Amate	properNoun	oci	Amate	properNoun	fra
Lindsay	properNoun	oci	Lindsay	properNoun	fra
numero	noun	oci	numéro	noun	fra
manipulacion	noun	oci	manipulation	noun	fra
respóner	verb	oci	répondre	verb	fra
caçairòla	noun	oci	casserole	noun	fra
levandièr	noun	oci	accoucheur	noun	fra
perfièch	noun	oci	parfait	noun	fra
Cami	properNoun	oci	Cami	properNoun	fra
andin	adjective	oci	andin	adjective	fra
Sartre	properNoun	oci	Sartre	properNoun	fra
Mosquera	properNoun	oci	Mosquera	properNoun	fra
Achille	properNoun	oci	Achille	properNoun	fra
Bourguignon	properNoun	oci	Bourguignon	properNoun	fra
redondància	noun	oci	redondance	noun	fra
telh	noun	oci	tilleul	noun	fra
Çelebi	properNoun	oci	Çelebi	properNoun	fra
Aquin	properNoun	oci	Aquin	properNoun	fra
Martíns	properNoun	oci	Martíns	properNoun	fra
grisalha	noun	oci	grisaille	noun	fra
Sierpiński	properNoun	oci	Sierpiński	properNoun	fra
Lemercier	properNoun	oci	Lemercier	properNoun	fra
Connelly	properNoun	oci	Connelly	properNoun	fra
tendre	adjective	oci	tendre	adjective	fra
vagon	noun	oci	wagon	noun	fra
Ibáñez	properNoun	oci	Ibáñez	properNoun	fra
de la Iglesia	properNoun	oci	de la Iglesia	properNoun	fra
Mehenni	properNoun	oci	Mehenni	properNoun	fra
ceremoniós	adjective	oci	cérémonieux	adjective	fra
grafic	noun	oci	graphique	noun	fra
aerian	adjective	oci	aérien	adjective	fra
Talabani	properNoun	oci	Talabani	properNoun	fra
controvertit	adjective	oci	controversé	adjective	fra
Guerrier	properNoun	oci	Guerrier	properNoun	fra
traçabilitat	noun	oci	traçabilité	noun	fra
Llanas	properNoun	oci	Llanas	properNoun	fra
petrografia	noun	oci	pétrographie	noun	fra
Swoboda	properNoun	oci	Swoboda	properNoun	fra
Minsky	properNoun	oci	Minsky	properNoun	fra
Satorra	properNoun	oci	Satorra	properNoun	fra
verquièra	noun	oci	dot	noun	fra
Pasternak	properNoun	oci	Pasternak	properNoun	fra
gèrla	noun	oci	jarre	noun	fra
aproximacion	noun	oci	approximation	noun	fra
perfectible	adjective	oci	perfectible	adjective	fra
Carrizo	properNoun	oci	Carrizo	properNoun	fra
Materazzi	properNoun	oci	Materazzi	properNoun	fra
aromatizar	verb	oci	aromatiser	verb	fra
verdon	noun	oci	verdier	noun	fra
Stoica	properNoun	oci	Stoica	properNoun	fra
Wabanonik	properNoun	oci	Wabanonik	properNoun	fra
Nácher	properNoun	oci	Nácher	properNoun	fra
Murru	properNoun	oci	Murru	properNoun	fra
controtlar	verb	oci	contrôler	verb	fra
Focus	properNoun	oci	Focus	properNoun	fra
Zedillo	properNoun	oci	Zedillo	properNoun	fra
protestatari	noun	oci	protestataire	noun	fra
Maguire	properNoun	oci	Maguire	properNoun	fra
Travesedo	properNoun	oci	Travesedo	properNoun	fra
Niòrt	properNoun	oci	Niort	properNoun	fra
reptil	noun	oci	reptile	noun	fra
del Barco	properNoun	oci	del Barco	properNoun	fra
mecanician	noun	oci	mécanicien	noun	fra
simulacre	noun	oci	simulacre	noun	fra
Daviault	properNoun	oci	Daviault	properNoun	fra
Claing	properNoun	oci	Claing	properNoun	fra
marginalizacion	noun	oci	marginalisation	noun	fra
Alegre	properNoun	oci	Alegre	properNoun	fra
samoan	adjective	oci	samoan	adjective	fra
Minneapolis	properNoun	oci	Minneapolis	properNoun	fra
arabisme	noun	oci	arabisme	noun	fra
carretèra	noun	oci	route	noun	fra
Fielding	properNoun	oci	Fielding	properNoun	fra
Bolta	properNoun	oci	Bolta	properNoun	fra
astor	noun	oci	autour	noun	fra
leugièrament	adverb	oci	légèrement	adverb	fra
noven	noun	oci	neuvième	noun	fra
Carl	properNoun	oci	Carl	properNoun	fra
materialisme	noun	oci	matérialisme	noun	fra
expausicion	noun	oci	exposition	noun	fra
ACE	noun	oci	ACE	noun	fra
dialectalisme	noun	oci	dialectalisme	noun	fra
anar	verb	oci	aller	verb	fra
di Quattro	properNoun	oci	di Quattro	properNoun	fra
nom	noun	oci	nom	noun	fra
bandairòla	noun	oci	banderole	noun	fra
Orti	properNoun	oci	Orti	properNoun	fra
Pénélope	properNoun	oci	Pénélope	properNoun	fra
modul	noun	oci	module	noun	fra
Ruest	properNoun	oci	Ruest	properNoun	fra
diluir	verb	oci	diluer	verb	fra
doctrina	noun	oci	doctrine	noun	fra
Dignard	properNoun	oci	Dignard	properNoun	fra
romiaire	adjective	oci	ruminant	adjective	fra
Monsonís	properNoun	oci	Monsonís	properNoun	fra
Milá	properNoun	oci	Milá	properNoun	fra
Emiliano	properNoun	oci	Emiliano	properNoun	fra
Lubin	properNoun	oci	Lubin	properNoun	fra
pediatria	noun	oci	pédiatrie	noun	fra
Bob	properNoun	oci	Bob	properNoun	fra
banquisa	noun	oci	banquise	noun	fra
analisi	noun	oci	analyse	noun	fra
absorbent	adjective	oci	absorbant	adjective	fra
ecosfèra	noun	oci	écosphère	noun	fra
psicotròp	adjective	oci	psychotrope	adjective	fra
SMS	noun	oci	SMS	noun	fra
espandit	adjective	oci	répandu	adjective	fra
espandit	adjective	oci	étendu	adjective	fra
Brenda	properNoun	oci	Brenda	properNoun	fra
Puigdellívol	properNoun	oci	Puigdellívol	properNoun	fra
projècte	noun	oci	projet	noun	fra
Bucarèst	properNoun	oci	Bucarest	properNoun	fra
cocuròt	noun	oci	arum	noun	fra
von Erthal	properNoun	oci	von Erthal	properNoun	fra
Barkley	properNoun	oci	Barkley	properNoun	fra
OCDE	properNoun	oci	OCDE	properNoun	fra
Llopart	properNoun	oci	Llopart	properNoun	fra
Redón	properNoun	oci	Redón	properNoun	fra
Ciuró	properNoun	oci	Ciuró	properNoun	fra
Nagasaki	properNoun	oci	Nagasaki	properNoun	fra
Debussy	properNoun	oci	Debussy	properNoun	fra
exportador	noun	oci	exportateur	noun	fra
Provençal	properNoun	oci	Provençal	properNoun	fra
Albuixech	properNoun	oci	Albuixech	properNoun	fra
Segarra	properNoun	oci	Segarra	properNoun	fra
antecima	noun	oci	antécime	noun	fra
degressiu	adjective	oci	dégressif	adjective	fra
sòdi	noun	oci	sodium	noun	fra
excedentari	adjective	oci	excédentaire	adjective	fra
Guingamp	properNoun	oci	Guingamp	properNoun	fra
Gough	properNoun	oci	Gough	properNoun	fra
Cunillera	properNoun	oci	Cunillera	properNoun	fra
Redmond	properNoun	oci	Redmond	properNoun	fra
calcic	adjective	oci	calcique	adjective	fra
eucariòta	adjective	oci	eucaryote	adjective	fra
tangent	adjective	oci	tangent	adjective	fra
zapatista	noun	oci	zapatiste	noun	fra
Louise	properNoun	oci	Louise	properNoun	fra
ancola	noun	oci	contrefort	noun	fra
cultura	noun	oci	culture	noun	fra
Chapdelaine	properNoun	oci	Chapdelaine	properNoun	fra
inclusion	noun	oci	inclusion	noun	fra
identitari	adjective	oci	identitaire	adjective	fra
Tabernero	properNoun	oci	Tabernero	properNoun	fra
transportar	verb	oci	transporter	verb	fra
Sallés	properNoun	oci	Sallés	properNoun	fra
Khoury	properNoun	oci	Khoury	properNoun	fra
vague	adjective	oci	vague	adjective	fra
Argueta	properNoun	oci	Argueta	properNoun	fra
budèl	noun	oci	intestin	noun	fra
Madariaga	properNoun	oci	Madariaga	properNoun	fra
Snell	properNoun	oci	Snell	properNoun	fra
Aly	properNoun	oci	Aly	properNoun	fra
Jacquard	properNoun	oci	Jacquard	properNoun	fra
isolacionisme	noun	oci	isolationnisme	noun	fra
allucinant	adjective	oci	hallucinant	adjective	fra
mantes	determiner	oci	plusieurs	determiner	fra
Clary	properNoun	oci	Clary	properNoun	fra
Ducho	properNoun	oci	Ducho	properNoun	fra
Colpron	properNoun	oci	Colpron	properNoun	fra
Papon	properNoun	oci	Papon	properNoun	fra
desplaser	noun	oci	déplaisir	noun	fra
enfasi	noun	oci	emphase	noun	fra
laconic	adjective	oci	laconique	adjective	fra
espaurugal	noun	oci	épouvantail	noun	fra
Haimez	properNoun	oci	Haimez	properNoun	fra
inexorablament	adverb	oci	inexorablement	adverb	fra
vienés	adjective	oci	viennois	adjective	fra
Rabat	properNoun	oci	Rabat	properNoun	fra
pulverizar	verb	oci	pulvériser	verb	fra
exuberància	noun	oci	exubérance	noun	fra
Jana	properNoun	oci	Jana	properNoun	fra
esclarir	verb	oci	éclaircir	verb	fra
tèxt	noun	oci	texte	noun	fra
barbièr	noun	oci	barbier	noun	fra
permetre	verb	oci	permettre	verb	fra
antinomia	noun	oci	antinomie	noun	fra
ennegrir	verb	oci	noircir	verb	fra
imminéncia	noun	oci	imminence	noun	fra
Bouillon	properNoun	oci	Bouillon	properNoun	fra
inserir	verb	oci	insérer	verb	fra
Richmond	properNoun	oci	Richmond	properNoun	fra
Pinna	properNoun	oci	Pinna	properNoun	fra
Fenton	properNoun	oci	Fenton	properNoun	fra
Arenal	properNoun	oci	Arenal	properNoun	fra
cresta	noun	oci	crête	noun	fra
Burroughs	properNoun	oci	Burroughs	properNoun	fra
pollinizacion	noun	oci	pollinisation	noun	fra
Bowden	properNoun	oci	Bowden	properNoun	fra
Cabeza	properNoun	oci	Cabeza	properNoun	fra
deluvi	noun	oci	déluge	noun	fra
terrós	adjective	oci	terreux	adjective	fra
Porro	properNoun	oci	Porro	properNoun	fra
Montbéliard	properNoun	oci	Montbéliard	properNoun	fra
Maloney	properNoun	oci	Maloney	properNoun	fra
refrejar	verb	oci	refroidir	verb	fra
sosclassa	noun	oci	sous-classe	noun	fra
Frigolé	properNoun	oci	Frigolé	properNoun	fra
visigotic	adjective	oci	wisigothique	adjective	fra
Albala	properNoun	oci	Albala	properNoun	fra
metalèpsi	noun	oci	métalepse	noun	fra
Gouveia	properNoun	oci	Gouveia	properNoun	fra
Derome	properNoun	oci	Derome	properNoun	fra
grandament	noun	oci	grandement	noun	fra
maridar	verb	oci	marier	verb	fra
batalhon	noun	oci	bataillon	noun	fra
Bouizi	properNoun	oci	Bouizi	properNoun	fra
violent	adjective	oci	violent	adjective	fra
malfisança	noun	oci	méfiance	noun	fra
Casamajor	properNoun	oci	Casamajor	properNoun	fra
graulon	noun	oci	frelon	noun	fra
fregadís	noun	oci	frottement	noun	fra
sandhi	noun	oci	sandhi	noun	fra
flux	noun	oci	flux	noun	fra
Gladwyn Jebb	properNoun	oci	Gladwyn Jebb	properNoun	fra
Haynes	properNoun	oci	Haynes	properNoun	fra
inventar	verb	oci	inventer	verb	fra
von Loën	properNoun	oci	von Loën	properNoun	fra
Mas i Vives	properNoun	oci	Mas i Vives	properNoun	fra
Fouquet	properNoun	oci	Fouquet	properNoun	fra
Betts	properNoun	oci	Betts	properNoun	fra
ordinari	adjective	oci	ordinaire	adjective	fra
biòma	noun	oci	biome	noun	fra
drech	preposition	oci	en face de	preposition	fra
a pè	adverb	oci	à pied	adverb	fra
levat que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	à moins que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
rearmament	noun	oci	réarmement	noun	fra
ambulància	noun	oci	ambulance	noun	fra
miniatura	noun	oci	miniature	noun	fra
Léa	properNoun	oci	Léa	properNoun	fra
deslabrat	adjective	oci	délabré	adjective	fra
purificator	adjective	oci	purificateur	adjective	fra
estimacion	noun	oci	estimation	noun	fra
mm	noun	oci	mm	noun	fra
vocalizacion	noun	oci	vocalisation	noun	fra
Miquel	properNoun	oci	Miquel	properNoun	fra
Saddam	properNoun	oci	Saddam	properNoun	fra
concrecion	noun	oci	concrétion	noun	fra
Cordeau	properNoun	oci	Cordeau	properNoun	fra
Dalpé	properNoun	oci	Dalpé	properNoun	fra
panièr	noun	oci	panier	noun	fra
delinquent	adjective	oci	délinquant	adjective	fra
deliri	noun	oci	délire	noun	fra
alcalde	noun	oci	maire	noun	fra
Beebe	properNoun	oci	Beebe	properNoun	fra
vetuste	adjective	oci	vétuste	adjective	fra
emanacion	noun	oci	émanation	noun	fra
Mateo	properNoun	oci	Mateo	properNoun	fra
maniable	adjective	oci	maniable	adjective	fra
Schryer	properNoun	oci	Schryer	properNoun	fra
escut	noun	oci	bouclier	noun	fra
teologic	adjective	oci	théologique	adjective	fra
Dowling	properNoun	oci	Dowling	properNoun	fra
Cappello	properNoun	oci	Cappello	properNoun	fra
garrèl	adjective	oci	boiteux	adjective	fra
passivitat	noun	oci	passivité	noun	fra
bruscament	adverb	oci	brusquement	adverb	fra
Ruana	properNoun	oci	Ruana	properNoun	fra
Ponzi	properNoun	oci	Ponzi	properNoun	fra
Lacourse	properNoun	oci	Lacourse	properNoun	fra
Couto	properNoun	oci	Couto	properNoun	fra
Jetté	properNoun	oci	Jetté	properNoun	fra
festivitat	noun	oci	festivité	noun	fra
Pòrtulas	properNoun	oci	Pòrtulas	properNoun	fra
Rizzuto	properNoun	oci	Rizzuto	properNoun	fra
Huot	properNoun	oci	Huot	properNoun	fra
Cioffi	properNoun	oci	Cioffi	properNoun	fra
Serral	properNoun	oci	Serral	properNoun	fra
contestar	verb	oci	contester	verb	fra
denominator	noun	oci	dénominateur	noun	fra
felen	noun	oci	petit-fils	noun	fra
carpentièr	adjective	oci	charpentier	adjective	fra
interiorament	adverb	oci	intérieurement	adverb	fra
Menchú	properNoun	oci	Menchú	properNoun	fra
grafit	noun	oci	graphite	noun	fra
Chévigny	properNoun	oci	Chévigny	properNoun	fra
extraterrèstre	noun	oci	extraterrestre	noun	fra
Frattini	properNoun	oci	Frattini	properNoun	fra
Hosta	properNoun	oci	Hosta	properNoun	fra
Adama	properNoun	oci	Adama	properNoun	fra
Duran Lleida	properNoun	oci	Duran Lleida	properNoun	fra
paternitat	noun	oci	paternité	noun	fra
Cosentino	properNoun	oci	Cosentino	properNoun	fra
inanicion	noun	oci	inanition	noun	fra
Apalategi	properNoun	oci	Apalategi	properNoun	fra
Col	properNoun	oci	Col	properNoun	fra
Pla	properNoun	oci	Pla	properNoun	fra
sindicalista	noun	oci	syndicaliste	noun	fra
prototipe	noun	oci	prototype	noun	fra
bipartisme	noun	oci	bipartisme	noun	fra
Bitton	properNoun	oci	Bitton	properNoun	fra
Angulo	properNoun	oci	Angulo	properNoun	fra
Colorado	properNoun	oci	Colorado	properNoun	fra
Parraga	properNoun	oci	Parraga	properNoun	fra
iemenita	adjective	oci	yéménite	adjective	fra
Flórez	properNoun	oci	Flórez	properNoun	fra
Marchal	properNoun	oci	Marchal	properNoun	fra
galeria	noun	oci	galerie	noun	fra
inculpacion	noun	oci	inculpation	noun	fra
Pujals	properNoun	oci	Pujals	properNoun	fra
reactiu	adjective	oci	réactif	adjective	fra
pegatge	noun	oci	collage	noun	fra
Lage	properNoun	oci	Lage	properNoun	fra
triangle	noun	oci	triangle	noun	fra
Alcatel	properNoun	oci	Alcatel	properNoun	fra
en cas de	preposition	oci	en cas de	preposition	fra
compausat	noun	oci	composé	noun	fra
Gregory	properNoun	oci	Gregory	properNoun	fra
Dufresne	properNoun	oci	Dufresne	properNoun	fra
Mylène	properNoun	oci	Mylène	properNoun	fra
deflagracion	noun	oci	déflagration	noun	fra
Illas Verges Britanicas	properNoun	oci	Îles Vierges britanniques	properNoun	fra
Rubalcaba	properNoun	oci	Rubalcaba	properNoun	fra
Jeremy	properNoun	oci	Jeremy	properNoun	fra
ors	noun	oci	ours	noun	fra
Aracil	properNoun	oci	Aracil	properNoun	fra
Ferlatte	properNoun	oci	Ferlatte	properNoun	fra
Kursk	properNoun	oci	Koursk	properNoun	fra
Remon	properNoun	oci	Remon	properNoun	fra
Odila	properNoun	oci	Odila	properNoun	fra
Journal	properNoun	oci	Journal	properNoun	fra
Boissé	properNoun	oci	Boissé	properNoun	fra
Chavarría	properNoun	oci	Chavarría	properNoun	fra
Calzado	properNoun	oci	Calzado	properNoun	fra
Matas	properNoun	oci	Matas	properNoun	fra
culhir	verb	oci	cueillir	verb	fra
catacomba	noun	oci	catacombe	noun	fra
Estela	properNoun	oci	Estela	properNoun	fra
luxemborgés	noun	oci	luxembourgeois	noun	fra
motivacion	noun	oci	motivation	noun	fra
Mathias	properNoun	oci	Mathias	properNoun	fra
Villagrasa	properNoun	oci	Villagrasa	properNoun	fra
coquelós	adjective	oci	grumeleux	adjective	fra
Gauvreau	properNoun	oci	Gauvreau	properNoun	fra
Frida	properNoun	oci	Frida	properNoun	fra
espeleologia	noun	oci	spéléologie	noun	fra
Gabrièla	properNoun	oci	Gabrièla	properNoun	fra
irreveréncia	noun	oci	irrévérence	noun	fra
menorquin	adjective	oci	minorquin	adjective	fra
Bèllòc	properNoun	oci	Bèllòc	properNoun	fra
Colette	properNoun	oci	Colette	properNoun	fra
Karam	properNoun	oci	Karam	properNoun	fra
interessat	adjective	oci	intéressé	adjective	fra
cavar	verb	oci	creuser	verb	fra
mitologic	adjective	oci	mythologique	adjective	fra
Igual	properNoun	oci	Igual	properNoun	fra
atmosferic	adjective	oci	atmosphérique	adjective	fra
Dunne	properNoun	oci	Dunne	properNoun	fra
escansion	noun	oci	balayage	noun	fra
escansion	noun	oci	scansion	noun	fra
bac	noun	oci	bac	noun	fra
discriminatòri	adjective	oci	discriminatoire	adjective	fra
Atkinson	properNoun	oci	Atkinson	properNoun	fra
Mountbatten	properNoun	oci	Mountbatten	properNoun	fra
Viñuales	properNoun	oci	Viñuales	properNoun	fra
Quixal	properNoun	oci	Quixal	properNoun	fra
Costantini	properNoun	oci	Costantini	properNoun	fra
pelofa	noun	oci	pelure	noun	fra
anonim	noun	oci	anonyme	noun	fra
transversalitat	noun	oci	transversalité	noun	fra
captivitat	noun	oci	captivité	noun	fra
mina	noun	oci	mine	noun	fra
verticil	noun	oci	verticille	noun	fra
abordable	adjective	oci	abordable	adjective	fra
joen	noun	oci	jeune	noun	fra
Vilella	properNoun	oci	Vilella	properNoun	fra
Galea	properNoun	oci	Galea	properNoun	fra
cloridric	adjective	oci	chlorhydrique	adjective	fra
Bourbeau	properNoun	oci	Bourbeau	properNoun	fra
AMP	properNoun	oci	AMP	properNoun	fra
Millau	properNoun	oci	Millau	properNoun	fra
Orellana	properNoun	oci	Orellana	properNoun	fra
injuriós	adjective	oci	injurieux	adjective	fra
eliminar	verb	oci	éliminer	verb	fra
Rabouin	properNoun	oci	Rabouin	properNoun	fra
brutalament	adverb	oci	brutalement	adverb	fra
amplitud	noun	oci	amplitude	noun	fra
Luong	properNoun	oci	Luong	properNoun	fra
Constable	properNoun	oci	Constable	properNoun	fra
Sandburg	properNoun	oci	Sandburg	properNoun	fra
Hermann	properNoun	oci	Hermann	properNoun	fra
von Trier	properNoun	oci	von Trier	properNoun	fra
sepulcre	noun	oci	sépulcre	noun	fra
Laon	properNoun	oci	Laon	properNoun	fra
Godoy	properNoun	oci	Godoy	properNoun	fra
Farina	properNoun	oci	Farina	properNoun	fra
Arzalluz	properNoun	oci	Arzalluz	properNoun	fra
imprecision	noun	oci	imprécision	noun	fra
contròtle	noun	oci	contrôle	noun	fra
coprologia	noun	oci	coprologie	noun	fra
Descarrega	properNoun	oci	Descarrega	properNoun	fra
Portilla	properNoun	oci	Portilla	properNoun	fra
fenomenologia	noun	oci	phénoménologie	noun	fra
sens trigar	adverb	oci	sans délai	adverb	fra
Ruedas	properNoun	oci	Ruedas	properNoun	fra
Goldman	properNoun	oci	Goldman	properNoun	fra
Farreras	properNoun	oci	Farreras	properNoun	fra
Finocchiaro	properNoun	oci	Finocchiaro	properNoun	fra
Auger	properNoun	oci	Auger	properNoun	fra
Boquer	properNoun	oci	Boquer	properNoun	fra
Escabias	properNoun	oci	Escabias	properNoun	fra
de la Paz	properNoun	oci	de la Paz	properNoun	fra
a tira qui pòt	adverb	oci	à qui mieux mieux	adverb	fra
feminista	adjective	oci	féministe	adjective	fra
osset	noun	oci	ossète	noun	fra
acrobata	noun	oci	acrobate	noun	fra
Abas	properNoun	oci	Abas	properNoun	fra
enterrat	adjective	oci	enterré	adjective	fra
creòl	adjective	oci	créole	adjective	fra
onèstament	adverb	oci	honnêtement	adverb	fra
Schulz	properNoun	oci	Schulz	properNoun	fra
tòga	noun	oci	toge	noun	fra
malgraciós	adjective	oci	malgracieux	adjective	fra
Torruella	properNoun	oci	Torruella	properNoun	fra
karate	noun	oci	karaté	noun	fra
protestant	adjective	oci	protestant	adjective	fra
bacteriologia	noun	oci	bactériologie	noun	fra
lançament	noun	oci	lancement	noun	fra
nive	noun	oci	nuage	noun	fra
accent	noun	oci	accent	noun	fra
eponimia	noun	oci	éponymie	noun	fra
Mousseau	properNoun	oci	Mousseau	properNoun	fra
Esparza	properNoun	oci	Esparza	properNoun	fra
carton	noun	oci	carton	noun	fra
comunicant	adjective	oci	communicant	adjective	fra
acusar	verb	oci	accuser	verb	fra
Burnett	properNoun	oci	Burnett	properNoun	fra
Faria	properNoun	oci	Faria	properNoun	fra
redubrir	verb	oci	rouvrir	verb	fra
Cardenas	properNoun	oci	Cardenas	properNoun	fra
alquimic	adjective	oci	alchimique	adjective	fra
Caamaño	properNoun	oci	Caamaño	properNoun	fra
blòg	noun	oci	blog	noun	fra
tatar	adjective	oci	tatare	adjective	fra
procuracion	noun	oci	procuration	noun	fra
Blanc	properNoun	oci	Blanc	properNoun	fra
Aixendri	properNoun	oci	Aixendri	properNoun	fra
Armijo	properNoun	oci	Armijo	properNoun	fra
onomatopeïc	adjective	oci	onomatopéique	adjective	fra
BCE	noun	oci	BCE	noun	fra
fascinar	verb	oci	fasciner	verb	fra
graule	noun	oci	frelon	noun	fra
Altarriba	properNoun	oci	Altarriba	properNoun	fra
Drucker	properNoun	oci	Drucker	properNoun	fra
susdit	adjective	oci	susdit	adjective	fra
Juquin	properNoun	oci	Juquin	properNoun	fra
volum	noun	oci	volume	noun	fra
auròra	noun	oci	aurore	noun	fra
Romaní	properNoun	oci	Romaní	properNoun	fra
Vouligny	properNoun	oci	Vouligny	properNoun	fra
Barbra	properNoun	oci	Barbra	properNoun	fra
ucrainian	adjective	oci	ukrainien	adjective	fra
Michelangelo	properNoun	oci	Michelangelo	properNoun	fra
100n	adjective	oci	100ème	adjective	fra
Kovács	properNoun	oci	Kovács	properNoun	fra
Byrne	properNoun	oci	Byrne	properNoun	fra
poma	noun	oci	pomme	noun	fra
fe	noun	oci	foi	noun	fra
naturalizar	verb	oci	naturaliser	verb	fra
brieu	noun	oci	moment	noun	fra
cinicament	adverb	oci	cyniquement	adverb	fra
encencha	noun	oci	enceinte	noun	fra
ratificar	verb	oci	ratifier	verb	fra
navegacion	noun	oci	navigation	noun	fra
Romain	properNoun	oci	Romain	properNoun	fra
Odriozola	properNoun	oci	Odriozola	properNoun	fra
classic	adjective	oci	classique	adjective	fra
catalogacion	noun	oci	catalogage	noun	fra
Siddiqui	properNoun	oci	Siddiqui	properNoun	fra
Maxime	properNoun	oci	Maxime	properNoun	fra
comprovar	verb	oci	vérifier	verb	fra
proporcionalament	adverb	oci	proportionnellement	adverb	fra
zinc	noun	oci	zinc	noun	fra
bala	noun	oci	balle	noun	fra
Jodry	properNoun	oci	Jodry	properNoun	fra
Carreras	properNoun	oci	Carreras	properNoun	fra
Abul	properNoun	oci	Abul	properNoun	fra
Darrow	properNoun	oci	Darrow	properNoun	fra
dedicacion	noun	oci	dédicace	noun	fra
penís	noun	oci	pénis	noun	fra
visir	noun	oci	vizir	noun	fra
Dijkstra	properNoun	oci	Dijkstra	properNoun	fra
Muniesa	properNoun	oci	Muniesa	properNoun	fra
autoritat	noun	oci	autorité	noun	fra
Colómbia	properNoun	oci	Colombie	properNoun	fra
aparténer	verb	oci	appartenir	verb	fra
Forné	properNoun	oci	Forné	properNoun	fra
Dalí	properNoun	oci	Dalí	properNoun	fra
Coyen	properNoun	oci	Coyen	properNoun	fra
escórrer	verb	oci	écouler	verb	fra
Picardia	properNoun	oci	Picardie	properNoun	fra
uechen	noun	oci	huitième	noun	fra
carri	noun	oci	char	noun	fra
milhàs	noun	oci	polenta	noun	fra
alfabetizacion	noun	oci	alphabétisation	noun	fra
defensor	adjective	oci	défenseur	adjective	fra
drech	adverb	oci	droit	adverb	fra
Comes	properNoun	oci	Comes	properNoun	fra
floret	noun	oci	fleuret	noun	fra
Carnegie	properNoun	oci	Carnegie	properNoun	fra
Evrieis	properNoun	oci	Évreux	properNoun	fra
90n	adjective	oci	90ème	adjective	fra
siderita	noun	oci	sidérite	noun	fra
bibliologia	noun	oci	bibliologie	noun	fra
Desimone	properNoun	oci	Desimone	properNoun	fra
jet	noun	oci	jet	noun	fra
tildar	verb	oci	taxer	verb	fra
Gandara	properNoun	oci	Gandara	properNoun	fra
Geoffrey	properNoun	oci	Geoffrey	properNoun	fra
filmatge	noun	oci	filmage	noun	fra
Hutton	properNoun	oci	Hutton	properNoun	fra
de bat en bat	adverb	oci	de part en part	adverb	fra
Deuloféu	properNoun	oci	Deuloféu	properNoun	fra
calibre	noun	oci	calibre	noun	fra
engenhariá	noun	oci	ingénierie	noun	fra
Gris	properNoun	oci	Gris	properNoun	fra
gaietat	noun	oci	gaîté	noun	fra
Barriel	properNoun	oci	Barriel	properNoun	fra
Faure	properNoun	oci	Faure	properNoun	fra
Bontemps	properNoun	oci	Bontemps	properNoun	fra
de la Cruz	properNoun	oci	de la Cruz	properNoun	fra
Hainaut	properNoun	oci	Hainaut	properNoun	fra
Vieira	properNoun	oci	Vieira	properNoun	fra
Illa de Man	properNoun	oci	Île de Man	properNoun	fra
seleccionar	verb	oci	sélectionner	verb	fra
Denis	properNoun	oci	Denis	properNoun	fra
57n	adjective	oci	57ème	adjective	fra
indochinés	noun	oci	indochinois	noun	fra
analisar	verb	oci	analyser	verb	fra
Michele	properNoun	oci	Michele	properNoun	fra
Carrera	properNoun	oci	Carrera	properNoun	fra
Joanna	properNoun	oci	Joanna	properNoun	fra
Seto	properNoun	oci	Seto	properNoun	fra
esquí	noun	oci	ski	noun	fra
astronauta	noun	oci	astronaute	noun	fra
Cascone	properNoun	oci	Cascone	properNoun	fra
pirenenc	noun	oci	Pyrénéen	noun	fra
Pinar	properNoun	oci	Pinar	properNoun	fra
Atkins	properNoun	oci	Atkins	properNoun	fra
Saralegi	properNoun	oci	Saralegi	properNoun	fra
difosfat	noun	oci	diphosphate	noun	fra
Nadales	properNoun	oci	Nadales	properNoun	fra
Molina	properNoun	oci	Molina	properNoun	fra
von der Erde	properNoun	oci	von der Erde	properNoun	fra
ascorbic	adjective	oci	ascorbique	adjective	fra
Delormier	properNoun	oci	Delormier	properNoun	fra
minaret	noun	oci	minaret	noun	fra
Obrero	properNoun	oci	Obrero	properNoun	fra
pichonalha	noun	oci	marmaille	noun	fra
mieidia	noun	oci	midi	noun	fra
scisma	noun	oci	schisme	noun	fra
sedicion	noun	oci	sédition	noun	fra
Teodora	properNoun	oci	Teodora	properNoun	fra
ansa	noun	oci	anse	noun	fra
alinhar	verb	oci	aligner	verb	fra
Adán	properNoun	oci	Adán	properNoun	fra
òrbe	noun	oci	orbe	noun	fra
tropèl	noun	oci	troupeau	noun	fra
teratologia	noun	oci	tératologie	noun	fra
doctor	noun	oci	docteur	noun	fra
Staubach	properNoun	oci	Staubach	properNoun	fra
Delâge	properNoun	oci	Delâge	properNoun	fra
totjorn	adverb	oci	toujours	adverb	fra
Jensen	properNoun	oci	Jensen	properNoun	fra
von Krasnik	properNoun	oci	von Krasnik	properNoun	fra
tolosan	adjective	oci	toulousain	adjective	fra
substituir	verb	oci	substituer	verb	fra
quantitatiu	adjective	oci	quantitatif	adjective	fra
iponim	noun	oci	hyponyme	noun	fra
penèu	noun	oci	pneu	noun	fra
Greco	properNoun	oci	Greco	properNoun	fra
Territòri de Belfort	properNoun	oci	Territoire de Belfort	properNoun	fra
nòrd-corean	noun	oci	Nord-Coréen	noun	fra
Angrignon	properNoun	oci	Angrignon	properNoun	fra
Sansregret	properNoun	oci	Sansregret	properNoun	fra
PSE	noun	oci	PSE	noun	fra
mercé	interjection	oci	merci	interjection	fra
von Witzleben	properNoun	oci	von Witzleben	properNoun	fra
Gaynor	properNoun	oci	Gaynor	properNoun	fra
Lauzon	properNoun	oci	Lauzon	properNoun	fra
Colinet	properNoun	oci	Colinet	properNoun	fra
Valarezo	properNoun	oci	Valarezo	properNoun	fra
Enright	properNoun	oci	Enright	properNoun	fra
psicològue	noun	oci	psychologue	noun	fra
von Arenburg	properNoun	oci	von Arenburg	properNoun	fra
Maltese	properNoun	oci	Maltese	properNoun	fra
Parejo	properNoun	oci	Parejo	properNoun	fra
alsacian	noun	oci	alsacien	noun	fra
recargable	adjective	oci	rechargeable	adjective	fra
Landau	properNoun	oci	Landau	properNoun	fra
peiron	noun	oci	parapet	noun	fra
William	properNoun	oci	William	properNoun	fra
Vigeant	properNoun	oci	Vigeant	properNoun	fra
Andrada	properNoun	oci	Andrada	properNoun	fra
pentiment	noun	oci	pénitence	noun	fra
nonanta un	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-onze	numeral	fra
Valbuena	properNoun	oci	Valbuena	properNoun	fra
Fleischman	properNoun	oci	Fleischman	properNoun	fra
babòia	noun	oci	sornette	noun	fra
Zuric	properNoun	oci	Zurich	properNoun	fra
castrar	verb	oci	castrer	verb	fra
escaufament	noun	oci	échauffement	noun	fra
fins a	preposition	oci	jusqu'à	preposition	fra
Whitlam	properNoun	oci	Whitlam	properNoun	fra
clergat	noun	oci	clergé	noun	fra
Lumbreras	properNoun	oci	Lumbreras	properNoun	fra
trabalh	noun	oci	travail	noun	fra
incident	noun	oci	incident	noun	fra
Doo	properNoun	oci	Doo	properNoun	fra
Morissette	properNoun	oci	Morissette	properNoun	fra
Souto	properNoun	oci	Souto	properNoun	fra
Steinberg	properNoun	oci	Steinberg	properNoun	fra
Bonnette	properNoun	oci	Bonnette	properNoun	fra
Òlt	properNoun	oci	Lot	properNoun	fra
avatar	noun	oci	avatar	noun	fra
Carolina	properNoun	oci	Carolina	properNoun	fra
fisician	noun	oci	physicien	noun	fra
abecé	noun	oci	alphabet	noun	fra
Allgemeine	properNoun	oci	Allgemeine	properNoun	fra
Buenaventura	properNoun	oci	Buenaventura	properNoun	fra
clar	noun	oci	clair	noun	fra
omnivòr	adjective	oci	omnivore	adjective	fra
Jamie	properNoun	oci	Jamie	properNoun	fra
Colell	properNoun	oci	Colell	properNoun	fra
Walter	properNoun	oci	Walter	properNoun	fra
destral	noun	oci	hache	noun	fra
Riley	properNoun	oci	Riley	properNoun	fra
Éléonore	properNoun	oci	Éléonore	properNoun	fra
Pratt	properNoun	oci	Pratt	properNoun	fra
Negrete	properNoun	oci	Negrete	properNoun	fra
immensitat	noun	oci	immensité	noun	fra
Grosset	properNoun	oci	Grosset	properNoun	fra
Arnabat	properNoun	oci	Arnabat	properNoun	fra
Euròpa	properNoun	oci	Europe	properNoun	fra
periodizar	verb	oci	périodiser	verb	fra
despopar	verb	oci	sevrer	verb	fra
emboscada	noun	oci	embuscade	noun	fra
geometria	noun	oci	géométrie	noun	fra
desparegut	adjective	oci	disparu	adjective	fra
vertut	noun	oci	vertu	noun	fra
gardar	verb	oci	garder	verb	fra
curator	noun	oci	curateur	noun	fra
NYSE	noun	oci	NYSE	noun	fra
Gualtieri	properNoun	oci	Gualtieri	properNoun	fra
Almazán	properNoun	oci	Almazán	properNoun	fra
paganisme	noun	oci	paganisme	noun	fra
Tittley	properNoun	oci	Tittley	properNoun	fra
sabin	noun	oci	Sabin	noun	fra
Asselborn	properNoun	oci	Asselborn	properNoun	fra
Layla	properNoun	oci	Layla	properNoun	fra
fach	noun	oci	fait	noun	fra
Hoang	properNoun	oci	Hoang	properNoun	fra
perdeire	noun	oci	perdant	noun	fra
legenda	noun	oci	légende	noun	fra
Lothaire	properNoun	oci	Lothaire	properNoun	fra
Joseph	properNoun	oci	Joseph	properNoun	fra
von Kleist	properNoun	oci	von Kleist	properNoun	fra
duretat	noun	oci	dureté	noun	fra
citat	adjective	oci	cité	adjective	fra
salvatjament	adverb	oci	sauvagement	adverb	fra
Rascagneres	properNoun	oci	Rascagneres	properNoun	fra
Brea	properNoun	oci	Brea	properNoun	fra
Yague	properNoun	oci	Yague	properNoun	fra
inuman	adjective	oci	inhumain	adjective	fra
Juliá	properNoun	oci	Juliá	properNoun	fra
maldespièch	subordinatingConjunction	oci	nonobstant	subordinatingConjunction	fra
von Hohenems	properNoun	oci	von Hohenems	properNoun	fra
Kinsey	properNoun	oci	Kinsey	properNoun	fra
Berlanga	properNoun	oci	Berlanga	properNoun	fra
dissuadir	verb	oci	dissuader	verb	fra
categoria	noun	oci	catégorie	noun	fra
Morenilla	properNoun	oci	Morenilla	properNoun	fra
Vani	properNoun	oci	Vani	properNoun	fra
colorista	noun	oci	coloriste	noun	fra
manja-papièr	adjective	oci	papivore	adjective	fra
Dunant	properNoun	oci	Dunant	properNoun	fra
compatriòta	noun	oci	compatriote	noun	fra
dominar	verb	oci	dominer	verb	fra
marca	noun	oci	marque	noun	fra
Sforza	properNoun	oci	Sforza	properNoun	fra
revolucionari	adjective	oci	révolutionnaire	adjective	fra
Portelance	properNoun	oci	Portelance	properNoun	fra
patinaire	noun	oci	patineur	noun	fra
lamentable	adjective	oci	lamentable	adjective	fra
Fanny	properNoun	oci	Fanny	properNoun	fra
Chetritt	properNoun	oci	Chetritt	properNoun	fra
Triano	properNoun	oci	Triano	properNoun	fra
Junquera	properNoun	oci	Junquera	properNoun	fra
Divjak	properNoun	oci	Divjak	properNoun	fra
desesperadament	adverb	oci	désespérément	adverb	fra
teratologic	adjective	oci	tératologique	adjective	fra
Gosálbez	properNoun	oci	Gosálbez	properNoun	fra
intervencion	noun	oci	intervention	noun	fra
tristament	adverb	oci	tristement	adverb	fra
escrinh	noun	oci	écrin	noun	fra
hemna	noun	oci	femme	noun	fra
Galán	properNoun	oci	Galán	properNoun	fra
Monier	properNoun	oci	Monier	properNoun	fra
Bienvenue	properNoun	oci	Bienvenue	properNoun	fra
grafologia	noun	oci	graphologie	noun	fra
Walt	properNoun	oci	Walt	properNoun	fra
maximalisme	noun	oci	maximalisme	noun	fra
Decker	properNoun	oci	Decker	properNoun	fra
Gilda	properNoun	oci	Gilda	properNoun	fra
equator	noun	oci	équateur	noun	fra
Viscarro	properNoun	oci	Viscarro	properNoun	fra
Menacho	properNoun	oci	Menacho	properNoun	fra
escolastica	noun	oci	scolastique	noun	fra
genòma	noun	oci	génome	noun	fra
Stallone	properNoun	oci	Stallone	properNoun	fra
Franquet	properNoun	oci	Franquet	properNoun	fra
francizar	verb	oci	franciser	verb	fra
intriga	noun	oci	intrigue	noun	fra
togolés	noun	oci	Togolais	noun	fra
recoltar	verb	oci	récolter	verb	fra
Carrero	properNoun	oci	Carrero	properNoun	fra
afluent	adjective	oci	affluent	adjective	fra
èra	noun	oci	ère	noun	fra
passeron	noun	oci	passereau	noun	fra
madomaisèla	noun	oci	mademoiselle	noun	fra
Astudillo	properNoun	oci	Astudillo	properNoun	fra
fragostièr	noun	oci	framboisier	noun	fra
piscivòr	adjective	oci	piscivore	adjective	fra
Anzalone	properNoun	oci	Anzalone	properNoun	fra
gargamèla	noun	oci	gorge	noun	fra
void	noun	oci	vide	noun	fra
KGB	noun	oci	KGB	noun	fra
SGS	noun	oci	SGS	noun	fra
Lamarck	properNoun	oci	Lamarck	properNoun	fra
Izurrategui	properNoun	oci	Izurrategui	properNoun	fra
Sandra	properNoun	oci	Sandra	properNoun	fra
Gourmand	properNoun	oci	Gourmand	properNoun	fra
casubla	noun	oci	chasuble	noun	fra
senator	noun	oci	sénateur	noun	fra
Parra	properNoun	oci	Parra	properNoun	fra
Notario	properNoun	oci	Notario	properNoun	fra
Lalonde	properNoun	oci	Lalonde	properNoun	fra
Mihai	properNoun	oci	Mihai	properNoun	fra
estiflar	verb	oci	siffler	verb	fra
Mayoral	properNoun	oci	Mayoral	properNoun	fra
potencialitat	noun	oci	potentialité	noun	fra
oganés	adjective	oci	ougandais	adjective	fra
forquilha	noun	oci	fourchette	noun	fra
afirmatiu	adjective	oci	affirmatif	adjective	fra
Soldevila	properNoun	oci	Soldevila	properNoun	fra
a racacòr	adverb	oci	à contre-cœur	adverb	fra
Pisano	properNoun	oci	Pisano	properNoun	fra
Edurne	properNoun	oci	Edurne	properNoun	fra
Townsend	properNoun	oci	Townsend	properNoun	fra
rovilhar	verb	oci	rouiller	verb	fra
Martha	properNoun	oci	Martha	properNoun	fra
Singleton	properNoun	oci	Singleton	properNoun	fra
aspirina	noun	oci	aspirine	noun	fra
inflexion	noun	oci	inflexion	noun	fra
automatisme	noun	oci	automatisme	noun	fra
exercici	noun	oci	exercice	noun	fra
Tombaugh	properNoun	oci	Tombaugh	properNoun	fra
solei	noun	oci	soleil	noun	fra
Triguero	properNoun	oci	Triguero	properNoun	fra
blachin	noun	oci	chaudron	noun	fra
Roura	properNoun	oci	Roura	properNoun	fra
Orleans	properNoun	oci	Orléans	properNoun	fra
Ashley	properNoun	oci	Ashley	properNoun	fra
èli	noun	oci	hélium	noun	fra
Galceran	properNoun	oci	Galceran	properNoun	fra
Ballart	properNoun	oci	Ballart	properNoun	fra
Gimeno	properNoun	oci	Gimeno	properNoun	fra
Barnabé	properNoun	oci	Barnabé	properNoun	fra
Cuba	properNoun	oci	Cuba	properNoun	fra
extincion	noun	oci	extinction	noun	fra
ressuscitar	verb	oci	ressusciter	verb	fra
Diop	properNoun	oci	Diop	properNoun	fra
grotesc	adjective	oci	grotesque	adjective	fra
Machabée	properNoun	oci	Machabée	properNoun	fra
Collomb	properNoun	oci	Collomb	properNoun	fra
Arendt	properNoun	oci	Arendt	properNoun	fra
Berenguer	properNoun	oci	Berenguer	properNoun	fra
Diallo	properNoun	oci	Diallo	properNoun	fra
Antezana	properNoun	oci	Antezana	properNoun	fra
Dame	properNoun	oci	Dame	properNoun	fra
Claudine	properNoun	oci	Claudine	properNoun	fra
Aucoin	properNoun	oci	Aucoin	properNoun	fra
d'abòrd que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	étant donné que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Salavert	properNoun	oci	Salavert	properNoun	fra
Jaen	properNoun	oci	Jaen	properNoun	fra
agaçament	noun	oci	agacement	noun	fra
proparoxitòn	noun	oci	proparoxyton	noun	fra
bacteriostatic	adjective	oci	bactériostatique	adjective	fra
replicatiu	adjective	oci	réplicatif	adjective	fra
Quereda	properNoun	oci	Quereda	properNoun	fra
semitic	adjective	oci	sémitique	adjective	fra
aigassièr	adjective	oci	aquatique	adjective	fra
Luceño	properNoun	oci	Luceño	properNoun	fra
Barbá	properNoun	oci	Barbá	properNoun	fra
sibillin	adjective	oci	sibyllin	adjective	fra
demana	noun	oci	demande	noun	fra
sintagma	noun	oci	syntagme	noun	fra
reanimacion	noun	oci	réanimation	noun	fra
societari	noun	oci	sociétaire	noun	fra
vulnerable	adjective	oci	vulnérable	adjective	fra
Meikle	properNoun	oci	Meikle	properNoun	fra
ficologia	noun	oci	phycologie	noun	fra
pertànher	verb	oci	appartenir	verb	fra
episodic	adjective	oci	épisodique	adjective	fra
Mickey	properNoun	oci	Mickey	properNoun	fra
d'el	adjective	oci	à lui	adjective	fra
d'el	adjective	oci	à lui	possessivePronoun	fra
d'el	possessivePronoun	oci	à lui	adjective	fra
d'el	possessivePronoun	oci	à lui	possessivePronoun	fra
Vienneau	properNoun	oci	Vienneau	properNoun	fra
Ceitlin	properNoun	oci	Ceitlin	properNoun	fra
aunor	noun	oci	honneur	noun	fra
vint-e-sièis	numeral	oci	vingt-six	numeral	fra
predacion	noun	oci	prédation	noun	fra
Gurbuz	properNoun	oci	Gurbuz	properNoun	fra
Hamlin	properNoun	oci	Hamlin	properNoun	fra
Dinardo	properNoun	oci	Dinardo	properNoun	fra
Ayana	properNoun	oci	Ayana	properNoun	fra
luterian	noun	oci	luthérien	noun	fra
Lequin	properNoun	oci	Lequin	properNoun	fra
zoologic	noun	oci	zoologique	noun	fra
ambidèxtre	noun	oci	ambidextre	noun	fra
Najar	properNoun	oci	Najar	properNoun	fra
Montpas	properNoun	oci	Montpas	properNoun	fra
Aguirrezabala	properNoun	oci	Aguirrezabala	properNoun	fra
UA	noun	oci	UA	noun	fra
Muste	properNoun	oci	Muste	properNoun	fra
Roseberry	properNoun	oci	Roseberry	properNoun	fra
Beneitez	properNoun	oci	Beneitez	properNoun	fra
La Torre	properNoun	oci	La Torre	properNoun	fra
gautal	noun	oci	gifle	noun	fra
alpin	adjective	oci	alpin	adjective	fra
Bereziartua	properNoun	oci	Bereziartua	properNoun	fra
Caya	properNoun	oci	Caya	properNoun	fra
Wall	properNoun	oci	Wall	properNoun	fra
Clemenceau	properNoun	oci	Clemenceau	properNoun	fra
Whorf	properNoun	oci	Whorf	properNoun	fra
Halloween	properNoun	oci	Halloween	properNoun	fra
croquet	noun	oci	agrafe	noun	fra
Krasnodar	properNoun	oci	Krasnodar	properNoun	fra
Corcoy	properNoun	oci	Corcoy	properNoun	fra
celèste	adjective	oci	céleste	adjective	fra
dàtil	noun	oci	datte	noun	fra
Barbieri	properNoun	oci	Barbieri	properNoun	fra
Lavery	properNoun	oci	Lavery	properNoun	fra
migala	noun	oci	mygale	noun	fra
avost	noun	oci	août	noun	fra
Morse	properNoun	oci	Morse	properNoun	fra
espaventablament	adverb	oci	épouvantablement	adverb	fra
15n	adjective	oci	15ème	adjective	fra
vagina	noun	oci	vagin	noun	fra
rarefaccion	noun	oci	raréfaction	noun	fra
Esquivel	properNoun	oci	Esquivel	properNoun	fra
Fúnez	properNoun	oci	Fúnez	properNoun	fra
ruga	noun	oci	ride	noun	fra
coordinacion	noun	oci	coordination	noun	fra
Abboud	properNoun	oci	Abboud	properNoun	fra
Couillard	properNoun	oci	Couillard	properNoun	fra
Narcís	properNoun	oci	Narcís	properNoun	fra
imperfèit	adjective	oci	imparfait	adjective	fra
en fòrma de	preposition	oci	en forme de	preposition	fra
Moffat	properNoun	oci	Moffat	properNoun	fra
mistic	adjective	oci	mystique	adjective	fra
fixe	adjective	oci	fixe	adjective	fra
contengut	noun	oci	contenu	noun	fra
semblable	noun	oci	semblable	noun	fra
pentagòn	noun	oci	pentagone	noun	fra
percepcion	noun	oci	perception	noun	fra
destruccion	noun	oci	destruction	noun	fra
Otxoa	properNoun	oci	Otxoa	properNoun	fra
neutralizat	adjective	oci	neutralisé	adjective	fra
Dimarco	properNoun	oci	Dimarco	properNoun	fra
exèrgue	noun	oci	exergue	noun	fra
doblament	noun	oci	doublement	noun	fra
McSween	properNoun	oci	McSween	properNoun	fra
Maddison	properNoun	oci	Maddison	properNoun	fra
Dimichele	properNoun	oci	Dimichele	properNoun	fra
ignicion	noun	oci	ignition	noun	fra
Campello	properNoun	oci	Campello	properNoun	fra
lèbre	noun	oci	lièvre	noun	fra
auratge	noun	oci	orage	noun	fra
Alierta	properNoun	oci	Alierta	properNoun	fra
cooperar	verb	oci	coopérer	verb	fra
Ilia	properNoun	oci	Ilia	properNoun	fra
al moment que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	au moment où	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Piccolo	properNoun	oci	Piccolo	properNoun	fra
Labelle	properNoun	oci	Labelle	properNoun	fra
camèl	noun	oci	chameau	noun	fra
Rowland	properNoun	oci	Rowland	properNoun	fra
Sender	properNoun	oci	Sender	properNoun	fra
silenciós	adjective	oci	silencieux	adjective	fra
poliomieliti	noun	oci	poliomyélite	noun	fra
travatèla	noun	oci	solive	noun	fra
confortablament	adverb	oci	confortablement	adverb	fra
caval	noun	oci	cheval	noun	fra
interruptor	noun	oci	interrupteur	noun	fra
Duteau	properNoun	oci	Duteau	properNoun	fra
Tònga	properNoun	oci	Tonga	properNoun	fra
util	noun	oci	utile	noun	fra
estranhament	adverb	oci	étrangement	adverb	fra
alimentacion	noun	oci	alimentation	noun	fra
Édith	properNoun	oci	Édith	properNoun	fra
Jamiroquai	properNoun	oci	Jamiroquai	properNoun	fra
pionièr	adjective	oci	pionnier	adjective	fra
anticorrupcion	noun	oci	anticorruption	noun	fra
experiéncia	noun	oci	expérience	noun	fra
Carrasquilla	properNoun	oci	Carrasquilla	properNoun	fra
pont	noun	oci	pont	noun	fra
Parma	properNoun	oci	Parme	properNoun	fra
rapidesa	noun	oci	rapidité	noun	fra
satisfait	adjective	oci	satisfait	adjective	fra
Bray	properNoun	oci	Bray	properNoun	fra
traspassar	verb	oci	traverser	verb	fra
Clopés	properNoun	oci	Clopés	properNoun	fra
fitofarmacologia	noun	oci	phytopharmacologie	noun	fra
nasica	noun	oci	narine	noun	fra
Barrio	properNoun	oci	Barrio	properNoun	fra
eradicacion	noun	oci	éradication	noun	fra
McLaughlin	properNoun	oci	McLaughlin	properNoun	fra
chuc	noun	oci	jus	noun	fra
derivar	verb	oci	dériver	verb	fra
Paterna	properNoun	oci	Paterna	properNoun	fra
vinil	noun	oci	vinyle	noun	fra
merci	interjection	oci	merci	interjection	fra
capfoguièr	noun	oci	chenet	noun	fra
desena	noun	oci	dizaine	noun	fra
sintetisar	verb	oci	synthétiser	verb	fra
Andriotto	properNoun	oci	Andriotto	properNoun	fra
Salto	properNoun	oci	Salto	properNoun	fra
von Lacy	properNoun	oci	von Lacy	properNoun	fra
Jorba	properNoun	oci	Jorba	properNoun	fra
Fabius	properNoun	oci	Fabius	properNoun	fra
exaccion	noun	oci	exaction	noun	fra
Patrici	properNoun	oci	Patrici	properNoun	fra
de la Rubia	properNoun	oci	de la Rubia	properNoun	fra
Rahal	properNoun	oci	Rahal	properNoun	fra
Pearce	properNoun	oci	Pearce	properNoun	fra
genolh	noun	oci	genou	noun	fra
Fidel Castro	properNoun	oci	Fidel Castro	properNoun	fra
Santander	properNoun	oci	Santander	properNoun	fra
Nox	properNoun	oci	NOx	properNoun	fra
ambivalent	adjective	oci	ambivalent	adjective	fra
grum	noun	oci	grain	noun	fra
cartometria	noun	oci	cartométrie	noun	fra
tot escàs	adverb	oci	il y a un instant	adverb	fra
omonim	noun	oci	homonyme	noun	fra
Maiques	properNoun	oci	Maiques	properNoun	fra
banqueta	noun	oci	banquette	noun	fra
Guinèa Equatoriala	properNoun	oci	Guinée équatoriale	properNoun	fra
Passanante	properNoun	oci	Passanante	properNoun	fra
Chileme	properNoun	oci	Chileme	properNoun	fra
Raurich	properNoun	oci	Raurich	properNoun	fra
insufisent	adjective	oci	insuffisant	adjective	fra
angiospèrma	adjective	oci	angiosperme	adjective	fra
Monaghan	properNoun	oci	Monaghan	properNoun	fra
Lezcano	properNoun	oci	Lezcano	properNoun	fra
María	properNoun	oci	María	properNoun	fra
transpòrt	noun	oci	transport	noun	fra
lanç	noun	oci	élan	noun	fra
Florinda	properNoun	oci	Florinda	properNoun	fra
suportar	verb	oci	supporter	verb	fra
crosièra	noun	oci	croisée	noun	fra
crosièra	noun	oci	croisière	noun	fra
clau	adjective	oci	clef	adjective	fra
CAN	noun	oci	CAN	noun	fra
salvament	noun	oci	sauvetage	noun	fra
ormona	noun	oci	hormone	noun	fra
Abenza	properNoun	oci	Abenza	properNoun	fra
Bohorquez	properNoun	oci	Bohorquez	properNoun	fra
Alina	properNoun	oci	Alina	properNoun	fra
beuenda	noun	oci	boisson	noun	fra
per exemple	adverb	oci	par exemple	adverb	fra
Spears	properNoun	oci	Spears	properNoun	fra
Vignola	properNoun	oci	Vignola	properNoun	fra
D	properNoun	oci	D	properNoun	fra
negrièr	noun	oci	négrier	noun	fra
ataca	noun	oci	attaque	noun	fra
desfilat	noun	oci	défilé	noun	fra
Bessette	properNoun	oci	Bessette	properNoun	fra
Angie	properNoun	oci	Angie	properNoun	fra
Papandreu	properNoun	oci	Papandreu	properNoun	fra
eròi	noun	oci	héros	noun	fra
Groleau	properNoun	oci	Groleau	properNoun	fra
Justo	properNoun	oci	Justo	properNoun	fra
capochon	noun	oci	gouet	noun	fra
funeralhas	noun	oci	funérailles	noun	fra
rana	noun	oci	grenouille	noun	fra
Antuñano	properNoun	oci	Antuñano	properNoun	fra
Deland	properNoun	oci	Deland	properNoun	fra
ànim	noun	oci	esprit	noun	fra
illas Tuamotu	properNoun	oci	îles Tuamotu	properNoun	fra
Coonishish	properNoun	oci	Coonishish	properNoun	fra
Gull	properNoun	oci	Gull	properNoun	fra
Odile	properNoun	oci	Odile	properNoun	fra
engordit	adjective	oci	engourdi	adjective	fra
Mujal	properNoun	oci	Mujal	properNoun	fra
terrenh	noun	oci	terrain	noun	fra
Andrew	properNoun	oci	Andrew	properNoun	fra
Castany	properNoun	oci	Castany	properNoun	fra
von Schleicher	properNoun	oci	von Schleicher	properNoun	fra
Ronaldo	properNoun	oci	Ronaldo	properNoun	fra
complementar	verb	oci	complémenter	verb	fra
loguièr	noun	oci	loyer	noun	fra
sorbièr	noun	oci	cormier	noun	fra
Arekeiev	properNoun	oci	Arekeev	properNoun	fra
Melé	properNoun	oci	Melé	properNoun	fra
Uria	properNoun	oci	Uria	properNoun	fra
Poon	properNoun	oci	Poon	properNoun	fra
IOS	properNoun	oci	iOS	properNoun	fra
Knox	properNoun	oci	Knox	properNoun	fra
von Knorr	properNoun	oci	von Knorr	properNoun	fra
Soucy	properNoun	oci	Soucy	properNoun	fra
Caterine	properNoun	oci	Caterine	properNoun	fra
Lactanci	properNoun	oci	Lactanci	properNoun	fra
Carracedo	properNoun	oci	Carracedo	properNoun	fra
Bourrelle	properNoun	oci	Bourrelle	properNoun	fra
Antonov	properNoun	oci	Antonov	properNoun	fra
neologia	noun	oci	néologie	noun	fra
Ródenas	properNoun	oci	Ródenas	properNoun	fra
reinvestir	verb	oci	réinvestir	verb	fra
Wert	properNoun	oci	Wert	properNoun	fra
Boisclair	properNoun	oci	Boisclair	properNoun	fra
grafic	adjective	oci	graphique	adjective	fra
catalitic	adjective	oci	catalytique	adjective	fra
intimament	adverb	oci	intimement	adverb	fra
Voisin	properNoun	oci	Voisin	properNoun	fra
seductor	noun	oci	séducteur	noun	fra
culpa	noun	oci	faute	noun	fra
imprescindible	adjective	oci	indispensable	adjective	fra
Medan	properNoun	oci	Medan	properNoun	fra
deposicion	noun	oci	déposition	noun	fra
tresaurièr	noun	oci	trésorier	noun	fra
Appleby	properNoun	oci	Appleby	properNoun	fra
Ellis	properNoun	oci	Ellis	properNoun	fra
efectivitat	noun	oci	effectivité	noun	fra
Margarete	properNoun	oci	Margarete	properNoun	fra
Ferrante	properNoun	oci	Ferrante	properNoun	fra
indemne	adjective	oci	indemne	adjective	fra
Borno	properNoun	oci	Borno	properNoun	fra
Masnou	properNoun	oci	Masnou	properNoun	fra
Hurst	properNoun	oci	Hurst	properNoun	fra
videotèca	noun	oci	videothèque	noun	fra
Karachi	properNoun	oci	Karachi	properNoun	fra
Géraldine	properNoun	oci	Géraldine	properNoun	fra
criptografic	adjective	oci	cryptographique	adjective	fra
vanament	adverb	oci	vainement	adverb	fra
penuria	noun	oci	pénurie	noun	fra
Ferran	properNoun	oci	Ferran	properNoun	fra
circularament	adverb	oci	circulairement	adverb	fra
Santacana	properNoun	oci	Santacana	properNoun	fra
dessalinizacion	noun	oci	désalinisation	noun	fra
Velasco	properNoun	oci	Velasco	properNoun	fra
Silva	properNoun	oci	Silva	properNoun	fra
a l'opausat de	preposition	oci	à l'opposé de	preposition	fra
utilisar	verb	oci	utiliser	verb	fra
declinason	noun	oci	déclinaison	noun	fra
perièli	noun	oci	périhélie	noun	fra
pirenenc	adjective	oci	pyrénéen	adjective	fra
verdier	noun	oci	verdier	noun	fra
Domènech i Montaner	properNoun	oci	Domènech i Montaner	properNoun	fra
reserva	noun	oci	réserve	noun	fra
cansadèra	noun	oci	fatigue	noun	fra
Arnaiz	properNoun	oci	Arnaiz	properNoun	fra
consistir	verb	oci	consister	verb	fra
Bosch	properNoun	oci	Bosch	properNoun	fra
entad aiçò que tanh	preposition	oci	en ce qui concerne	preposition	fra
Riel	properNoun	oci	Riel	properNoun	fra
irrigacion	noun	oci	irrigation	noun	fra
Joaquín	properNoun	oci	Joaquín	properNoun	fra
Galfano	properNoun	oci	Galfano	properNoun	fra
liame	noun	oci	lien	noun	fra
Dinelle	properNoun	oci	Dinelle	properNoun	fra
objectar	verb	oci	objecter	verb	fra
eclectisme	noun	oci	éclectisme	noun	fra
atemptar	verb	oci	attenter	verb	fra
selectivitat	noun	oci	sélectivité	noun	fra
Lee	properNoun	oci	Lee	properNoun	fra
desfilada	noun	oci	parade	noun	fra
Lelièvre	properNoun	oci	Lelièvre	properNoun	fra
Burnside	properNoun	oci	Burnside	properNoun	fra
Mingorance	properNoun	oci	Mingorance	properNoun	fra
brindar	verb	oci	trinquer	verb	fra
teorician	noun	oci	théoricien	noun	fra
procediment	noun	oci	procédure	noun	fra
Duaigues	properNoun	oci	Duaigues	properNoun	fra
subsistir	verb	oci	subsister	verb	fra
especular	adjective	oci	spéculaire	adjective	fra
collègi	noun	oci	collège	noun	fra
deconéisser	verb	oci	méconnaître	verb	fra
Ouaknine	properNoun	oci	Ouaknine	properNoun	fra
Millington	properNoun	oci	Millington	properNoun	fra
carbonet	noun	oci	fusain	noun	fra
intermitent	noun	oci	intermittent	noun	fra
afaissament	noun	oci	affaissement	noun	fra
Auchinleck	properNoun	oci	Auchinleck	properNoun	fra
egalizacion	noun	oci	égalisation	noun	fra
lança	noun	oci	lance	noun	fra
comentador	noun	oci	commentateur	noun	fra
telematic	adjective	oci	télématique	adjective	fra
ralentiment	noun	oci	ralentissement	noun	fra
rapaire	noun	oci	rappeur	noun	fra
guarderia	noun	oci	garderie	noun	fra
inventari	noun	oci	inventaire	noun	fra
Almiñana	properNoun	oci	Almiñana	properNoun	fra
moralizacion	noun	oci	moralisation	noun	fra
reactivitat	noun	oci	réactivité	noun	fra
Karl	properNoun	oci	Karl	properNoun	fra
geomorfologic	adjective	oci	géomorphologique	adjective	fra
Mazzini	properNoun	oci	Mazzini	properNoun	fra
Mancebo	properNoun	oci	Mancebo	properNoun	fra
vèrbe	noun	oci	verbe	noun	fra
Landry	properNoun	oci	Landry	properNoun	fra
Pazmiño	properNoun	oci	Pazmiño	properNoun	fra
replicacion	noun	oci	réplication	noun	fra
te	pronoun	oci	te	pronoun	fra
Anfield	properNoun	oci	Anfield	properNoun	fra
reialista	noun	oci	royaliste	noun	fra
Laval	properNoun	oci	Laval	properNoun	fra
sople	adjective	oci	souple	adjective	fra
alienat	adjective	oci	aliéné	adjective	fra
Cholette	properNoun	oci	Cholette	properNoun	fra
adrenalina	noun	oci	adrénaline	noun	fra
Fouad	properNoun	oci	Fouad	properNoun	fra
agnat	noun	oci	agnathe	noun	fra
palha	noun	oci	paille	noun	fra
di Pietro	properNoun	oci	di Pietro	properNoun	fra
toponimic	adjective	oci	toponymique	adjective	fra
reiaume	noun	oci	royaume	noun	fra
Argoitia	properNoun	oci	Argoitia	properNoun	fra
desaprovar	verb	oci	désapprouver	verb	fra
interrómper	verb	oci	interrompre	verb	fra
Andreas	properNoun	oci	Andreas	properNoun	fra
Cussó	properNoun	oci	Cussó	properNoun	fra
Monk	properNoun	oci	Monk	properNoun	fra
Manrubia	properNoun	oci	Manrubia	properNoun	fra
informalament	adverb	oci	informellement	adverb	fra
psaltèri	noun	oci	psautier	noun	fra
automobil	adjective	oci	automobile	adjective	fra
novici	adjective	oci	novice	adjective	fra
Subioli	properNoun	oci	Subioli	properNoun	fra
panar	verb	oci	voler	verb	fra
amassada	noun	oci	rencontre	noun	fra
Aymé	properNoun	oci	Aymé	properNoun	fra
Lahache	properNoun	oci	Lahache	properNoun	fra
Botswana	properNoun	oci	Botswana	properNoun	fra
bièrra	noun	oci	bière	noun	fra
Berman	properNoun	oci	Berman	properNoun	fra
tramitacion	noun	oci	démarche	noun	fra
Puig	properNoun	oci	Puig	properNoun	fra
jesuita	noun	oci	jésuite	noun	fra
Darnés	properNoun	oci	Darnés	properNoun	fra
precambrian	adjective	oci	précambrien	adjective	fra
Cubillo	properNoun	oci	Cubillo	properNoun	fra
monopolizar	verb	oci	monopoliser	verb	fra
Tusell	properNoun	oci	Tusell	properNoun	fra
Amanda	properNoun	oci	Amanda	properNoun	fra
Malonda	properNoun	oci	Malonda	properNoun	fra
Minsk	properNoun	oci	Minsk	properNoun	fra
Mañes	properNoun	oci	Mañes	properNoun	fra
esprai	noun	oci	spray	noun	fra
Alida	properNoun	oci	Alida	properNoun	fra
ineluctable	adjective	oci	inéluctable	adjective	fra
nòrd-american	noun	oci	Nord-Américain	noun	fra
revèrs	noun	oci	revers	noun	fra
graile	adjective	oci	grêle	adjective	fra
Roguski	properNoun	oci	Roguski	properNoun	fra
senilitat	noun	oci	sénilité	noun	fra
manescal	noun	oci	maréchal	noun	fra
desen	adjective	oci	dixième	adjective	fra
Varea	properNoun	oci	Varea	properNoun	fra
incubacion	noun	oci	incubation	noun	fra
considerable	adjective	oci	considérable	adjective	fra
Fenoy	properNoun	oci	Fenoy	properNoun	fra
Otaegi	properNoun	oci	Otaegi	properNoun	fra
litigi	noun	oci	litige	noun	fra
Agassiz	properNoun	oci	Agassiz	properNoun	fra
Sri Lanka	properNoun	oci	Sri Lanka	properNoun	fra
ròtle	noun	oci	rôle	noun	fra
Aups	properNoun	oci	Alpes	properNoun	fra
Hearn	properNoun	oci	Hearn	properNoun	fra
Belfòrt	properNoun	oci	Belfort	properNoun	fra
Tarin	properNoun	oci	Tarin	properNoun	fra
Piazza	properNoun	oci	Piazza	properNoun	fra
investisseire	noun	oci	investisseur	noun	fra
delegat	noun	oci	délégué	noun	fra
Olivares	properNoun	oci	Olivares	properNoun	fra
cura	noun	oci	cure	noun	fra
pertusar	verb	oci	percer	verb	fra
Drago	properNoun	oci	Drago	properNoun	fra
calculator	adjective	oci	calculateur	adjective	fra
Monrovia	properNoun	oci	Monrovia	properNoun	fra
Laverdure	properNoun	oci	Laverdure	properNoun	fra
faudal	noun	oci	tablier	noun	fra
esclatar	verb	oci	éclater	verb	fra
píbol	noun	oci	peuplier	noun	fra
reconquista	noun	oci	reconquête	noun	fra
Verrillo	properNoun	oci	Verrillo	properNoun	fra
Palanques	properNoun	oci	Palanques	properNoun	fra
Betriu	properNoun	oci	Betriu	properNoun	fra
Singapor	properNoun	oci	Singapour	properNoun	fra
Stern	properNoun	oci	Stern	properNoun	fra
Pujades	properNoun	oci	Pujades	properNoun	fra
frigorific	noun	oci	frigidaire	noun	fra
gratuitat	noun	oci	gratuité	noun	fra
Dugrenier	properNoun	oci	Dugrenier	properNoun	fra
75n	adjective	oci	75ème	adjective	fra
Ezenarro	properNoun	oci	Ezenarro	properNoun	fra
peristile	noun	oci	péristyle	noun	fra
en estiu	adverb	oci	en été	adverb	fra
luciditat	noun	oci	lucidité	noun	fra
93n	adjective	oci	93ème	adjective	fra
lèga	noun	oci	lieue	noun	fra
incompatibilitat	noun	oci	incompatibilité	noun	fra
Vanwinden	properNoun	oci	Vanwinden	properNoun	fra
Brunet	properNoun	oci	Brunet	properNoun	fra
Elmira	properNoun	oci	Elmira	properNoun	fra
Cot	properNoun	oci	Cot	properNoun	fra
joguet	noun	oci	jouet	noun	fra
escatologia	noun	oci	eschatologie	noun	fra
Jobidon	properNoun	oci	Jobidon	properNoun	fra
concentrat	adjective	oci	concentré	adjective	fra
despús de	preposition	oci	après	preposition	fra
Aird	properNoun	oci	Aird	properNoun	fra
Bernabé	properNoun	oci	Bernabé	properNoun	fra
enfantin	adjective	oci	enfantin	adjective	fra
Laplace	properNoun	oci	Laplace	properNoun	fra
sibornièr	noun	oci	dolmen	noun	fra
beç	noun	oci	bouleau	noun	fra
agusar	verb	oci	aiguiser	verb	fra
eradicar	verb	oci	éradiquer	verb	fra
Valentina	properNoun	oci	Valentina	properNoun	fra
normativizacion	noun	oci	normativisation	noun	fra
filament	noun	oci	filament	noun	fra
musclat	adjective	oci	musclé	adjective	fra
ochanta quatre	numeral	oci	quatre-vingt-quatre	numeral	fra
Bruno	properNoun	oci	Bruno	properNoun	fra
Frankenstein	properNoun	oci	Frankenstein	properNoun	fra
Àustria	properNoun	oci	Autriche	properNoun	fra
House	properNoun	oci	House	properNoun	fra
Verdeguer	properNoun	oci	Verdeguer	properNoun	fra
labrejaire	adjective	oci	boudeur	adjective	fra
Gina	properNoun	oci	Gina	properNoun	fra
Clamença	properNoun	oci	Clamença	properNoun	fra
exportacion	noun	oci	exportation	noun	fra
mon	determiner	oci	mon	determiner	fra
mon	determiner	oci	mon	possessivePronoun	fra
mon	possessivePronoun	oci	mon	determiner	fra
mon	possessivePronoun	oci	mon	possessivePronoun	fra
plastic	adjective	oci	plastique	adjective	fra
amorièr	noun	oci	mûrier	noun	fra
organigrama	noun	oci	organigramme	noun	fra
medusa	noun	oci	méduse	noun	fra
protetic	adjective	oci	prothétique	adjective	fra
continuar	verb	oci	continuer	verb	fra
Locke	properNoun	oci	Locke	properNoun	fra
Gasca	properNoun	oci	Gasca	properNoun	fra
toxic	adjective	oci	toxique	adjective	fra
Benin	properNoun	oci	Bénin	properNoun	fra
Herrerías	properNoun	oci	Herrerías	properNoun	fra
Oda	properNoun	oci	Oda	properNoun	fra
radiò	noun	oci	radio	noun	fra
sintonizacion	noun	oci	syntonisation	noun	fra
ataxia	noun	oci	ataxie	noun	fra
Pórtoles	properNoun	oci	Pórtoles	properNoun	fra
Tbilissi	properNoun	oci	Tbilissi	properNoun	fra
aerodinamic	adjective	oci	aérodynamique	adjective	fra
Bennet	properNoun	oci	Bennet	properNoun	fra
Castiñeira	properNoun	oci	Castiñeira	properNoun	fra
luminositat	noun	oci	luminosité	noun	fra
bismutic	adjective	oci	bismuthique	adjective	fra
cròm	noun	oci	chrome	noun	fra
Howson	properNoun	oci	Howson	properNoun	fra
Araño	properNoun	oci	Araño	properNoun	fra
colòbra	noun	oci	couleuvre	noun	fra
Barriola	properNoun	oci	Barriola	properNoun	fra
inadequat	adjective	oci	inadéquat	adjective	fra
Estébanez	properNoun	oci	Estébanez	properNoun	fra
inofensiu	adjective	oci	inoffensif	adjective	fra
Sanestanislao	properNoun	oci	Sanestanislao	properNoun	fra
cancellacion	noun	oci	annulation	noun	fra
Roscoff	properNoun	oci	Roscoff	properNoun	fra
accion	noun	oci	action	noun	fra
Sheshamush	properNoun	oci	Sheshamush	properNoun	fra
estant	noun	oci	étai	noun	fra
Myers	properNoun	oci	Myers	properNoun	fra
Robillard	properNoun	oci	Robillard	properNoun	fra
Saragossa	properNoun	oci	Saragosse	properNoun	fra
Kevin	properNoun	oci	Kevin	properNoun	fra
ieroglif	noun	oci	hiéroglyphe	noun	fra
parapluèja	noun	oci	parapluie	noun	fra
Donate	properNoun	oci	Donate	properNoun	fra
Tatum	properNoun	oci	Tatum	properNoun	fra
destrempa	noun	oci	détrempe	noun	fra
Alison	properNoun	oci	Alison	properNoun	fra
Osman	properNoun	oci	Osman	properNoun	fra
decisiu	adjective	oci	décisif	adjective	fra
lingüista	noun	oci	linguiste	noun	fra
Cousineau	properNoun	oci	Cousineau	properNoun	fra
Dalcourt	properNoun	oci	Dalcourt	properNoun	fra
platèla	noun	oci	omoplate	noun	fra
metodic	adjective	oci	méthodique	adjective	fra
amètla	noun	oci	amande	noun	fra
Knott	properNoun	oci	Knott	properNoun	fra
Dyer	properNoun	oci	Dyer	properNoun	fra
Tapias	properNoun	oci	Tapias	properNoun	fra
Estrasborg	properNoun	oci	Strasbourg	properNoun	fra
Cerone	properNoun	oci	Cerone	properNoun	fra
vint-e-nau	numeral	oci	vingt-neuf	numeral	fra
disciplinar	verb	oci	discipliner	verb	fra
Hassan	properNoun	oci	Hassan	properNoun	fra
Garneau	properNoun	oci	Garneau	properNoun	fra
sostenibilitat	noun	oci	durabilité	noun	fra
rigor	noun	oci	rigueur	noun	fra
Baquero	properNoun	oci	Baquero	properNoun	fra
Jean-François	properNoun	oci	Jean-François	properNoun	fra
egemonia	noun	oci	hégémonie	noun	fra
Lang	properNoun	oci	Lang	properNoun	fra
colofon	noun	oci	colophon	noun	fra
Alitalia	properNoun	oci	Alitalia	properNoun	fra
insurreccion	noun	oci	insurrection	noun	fra
Groslouis	properNoun	oci	Groslouis	properNoun	fra
Saltos	properNoun	oci	Saltos	properNoun	fra
Basterra	properNoun	oci	Basterra	properNoun	fra
respectable	adjective	oci	respectable	adjective	fra
PÒC	noun	oci	POC	noun	fra
Budapèst	properNoun	oci	Budapest	properNoun	fra
fixista	adjective	oci	fixiste	adjective	fra
cumul	noun	oci	cumul	noun	fra
epidemiologista	noun	oci	épidémiologiste	noun	fra
baudufa	noun	oci	toupie	noun	fra
tricicle	noun	oci	tricycle	noun	fra
gossa	noun	oci	salope	noun	fra
Provença	properNoun	oci	Provence	properNoun	fra
ictioparasitologia	noun	oci	ichtyoparasitologie	noun	fra
Sanger	properNoun	oci	Sanger	properNoun	fra
ranguilh	noun	oci	râle	noun	fra
Twitter	properNoun	oci	Twitter	properNoun	fra
patesejant	adjective	oci	patoisant	adjective	fra
Gifford	properNoun	oci	Gifford	properNoun	fra
Langevin	properNoun	oci	Langevin	properNoun	fra
satellit	noun	oci	satellite	noun	fra
Strubell	properNoun	oci	Strubell	properNoun	fra
Fayemendy	properNoun	oci	Fayemendy	properNoun	fra
abondós	adjective	oci	luxuriant	adjective	fra
anatomicament	adverb	oci	anatomiquement	adverb	fra
prononciar	verb	oci	prononcer	verb	fra
abstractiu	adjective	oci	abstractif	adjective	fra
òsca	noun	oci	entaille	noun	fra
massís	noun	oci	massif	noun	fra
Grenada	properNoun	oci	Grenade	properNoun	fra
allotropic	adjective	oci	allotropique	adjective	fra
Carlesmanhe	properNoun	oci	Charlemagne	properNoun	fra
fotocòpia	noun	oci	photocopie	noun	fra
a l'interior de	preposition	oci	à l'intérieur de	preposition	fra
silèx	noun	oci	silex	noun	fra
Zuse	properNoun	oci	Zuse	properNoun	fra
Llacer	properNoun	oci	Llacer	properNoun	fra
Vañó	properNoun	oci	Vañó	properNoun	fra
von Helmholtz	properNoun	oci	von Helmholtz	properNoun	fra
Chaya	properNoun	oci	Chaya	properNoun	fra
Borden	properNoun	oci	Borden	properNoun	fra
lamentablament	adverb	oci	lamentablement	adverb	fra
von Tirpitz	properNoun	oci	von Tirpitz	properNoun	fra
divinitat	noun	oci	divinité	noun	fra
guèrle	adjective	oci	louche	adjective	fra
neurotoxic	noun	oci	neurotoxique	noun	fra
esprint	noun	oci	sprint	noun	fra
tèrne	adjective	oci	terne	adjective	fra
fragmentacion	noun	oci	fragmentation	noun	fra
Arteagoitia	properNoun	oci	Arteagoitia	properNoun	fra
varianta	noun	oci	variante	noun	fra
mecanizacion	noun	oci	mécanisation	noun	fra
fecula	noun	oci	fécule	noun	fra
Kramer	properNoun	oci	Kramer	properNoun	fra
Sesé	properNoun	oci	Sesé	properNoun	fra
Tamayo	properNoun	oci	Tamayo	properNoun	fra
definitiu	adjective	oci	définitif	adjective	fra
escrova	noun	oci	écrou	noun	fra
ionian	adjective	oci	ionien	adjective	fra
revendre	verb	oci	revendre	verb	fra
Baxter	properNoun	oci	Baxter	properNoun	fra
Luçon	properNoun	oci	Luçon	properNoun	fra
vidèo	noun	oci	vidéo	noun	fra
subtament	adverb	oci	subitement	adverb	fra
ganhar	verb	oci	gagner	verb	fra
Shah	properNoun	oci	Shah	properNoun	fra
multiplexor	noun	oci	multiplexeur	noun	fra
incapable	adjective	oci	incapable	adjective	fra
Alacala	properNoun	oci	Alacala	properNoun	fra
Bénédicte	properNoun	oci	Bénédicte	properNoun	fra
Lionés	properNoun	oci	Lyonnais	properNoun	fra
esquerròt	noun	oci	gaucher	noun	fra
neozelandés	adjective	oci	néo-zélandais	adjective	fra
Perelman	properNoun	oci	Perelman	properNoun	fra
luchar	verb	oci	lutter	verb	fra
anafòra	noun	oci	anaphore	noun	fra
Guantánamo	properNoun	oci	Guantánamo	properNoun	fra
Chauret	properNoun	oci	Chauret	properNoun	fra
Brouillette	properNoun	oci	Brouillette	properNoun	fra
a l'escasença de	preposition	oci	à l'occasion de	preposition	fra
apoplexia	noun	oci	apoplexie	noun	fra
solipède	adjective	oci	solipède	adjective	fra
Lobato	properNoun	oci	Lobato	properNoun	fra
chamorro	noun	oci	chamorro	noun	fra
Gascon	properNoun	oci	Gascon	properNoun	fra
fossilizar	verb	oci	fossiliser	verb	fra
Lu	properNoun	oci	Lu	properNoun	fra
recomptatge	noun	oci	recomptage	noun	fra
progesterona	noun	oci	progestérone	noun	fra
Motorola	properNoun	oci	Motorola	properNoun	fra
sèlva	noun	oci	forêt	noun	fra
asiatic	adjective	oci	asiatique	adjective	fra
Olivé	properNoun	oci	Olivé	properNoun	fra
Cabrerizo	properNoun	oci	Cabrerizo	properNoun	fra
costal	noun	oci	coteau	noun	fra
opausant	adjective	oci	opposant	adjective	fra
Serrate	properNoun	oci	Serrate	properNoun	fra
abitar	verb	oci	habiter	verb	fra
Mangas	properNoun	oci	Mangas	properNoun	fra
Soto	properNoun	oci	Soto	properNoun	fra
ganhant	adjective	oci	gagnant	adjective	fra
Giuffrida	properNoun	oci	Giuffrida	properNoun	fra
kelvin	noun	oci	kelvin	noun	fra
blues	noun	oci	blues	noun	fra
quin que siá	determiner	oci	n'importe quel	determiner	fra
Vallés	properNoun	oci	Vallés	properNoun	fra
Horner	properNoun	oci	Horner	properNoun	fra
von Sternberg	properNoun	oci	von Sternberg	properNoun	fra
sancion	noun	oci	sanction	noun	fra
vague	noun	oci	vague	noun	fra
Tarrado	properNoun	oci	Tarrado	properNoun	fra
Bock	properNoun	oci	Bock	properNoun	fra
Christelle	properNoun	oci	Christelle	properNoun	fra
perdent	adjective	oci	perdant	adjective	fra
Lionèl	properNoun	oci	Lionèl	properNoun	fra
Auròra	properNoun	oci	Auròra	properNoun	fra
prostituir	verb	oci	prostituer	verb	fra
Clooney	properNoun	oci	Clooney	properNoun	fra
Morinville	properNoun	oci	Morinville	properNoun	fra
Renédecotret	properNoun	oci	Renédecotret	properNoun	fra
dins lo corrent de	preposition	oci	au cours de	preposition	fra
Hillman	properNoun	oci	Hillman	properNoun	fra
70n	adjective	oci	70ème	adjective	fra
aur	noun	oci	or	noun	fra
atlèta	noun	oci	athlète	noun	fra
compacitat	noun	oci	compacité	noun	fra
Corèa	properNoun	oci	Corée	properNoun	fra
Axelle	properNoun	oci	Axelle	properNoun	fra
Xifra	properNoun	oci	Xifra	properNoun	fra
Vaquèira	properNoun	oci	Vaquèira	properNoun	fra
acid	noun	oci	acide	noun	fra
pro	adverb	oci	assez	adverb	fra
iaort	noun	oci	yaourt	noun	fra
Riu	properNoun	oci	Riu	properNoun	fra
maquina	noun	oci	machine	noun	fra
Turcmenistan	properNoun	oci	Turkménistan	properNoun	fra
Rich	properNoun	oci	Rich	properNoun	fra
Daneau	properNoun	oci	Daneau	properNoun	fra
Riggs	properNoun	oci	Riggs	properNoun	fra
migrator	adjective	oci	migrateur	adjective	fra
farmacia	noun	oci	pharmacie	noun	fra
faraonic	adjective	oci	pharaonique	adjective	fra
Burillo	properNoun	oci	Burillo	properNoun	fra
tissós	noun	oci	maniaque	noun	fra
vòlta	noun	oci	voute	noun	fra
Lacomba	properNoun	oci	Lacomba	properNoun	fra
Ferret	properNoun	oci	Ferret	properNoun	fra
imbricacion	noun	oci	imbrication	noun	fra
Porcu	properNoun	oci	Porcu	properNoun	fra
confortable	adjective	oci	confortable	adjective	fra
foncionament	noun	oci	fonctionnement	noun	fra
Avery	properNoun	oci	Avery	properNoun	fra
St-Martin	properNoun	oci	St-Martin	properNoun	fra
resiliacion	noun	oci	résiliation	noun	fra
acidimetria	noun	oci	acidimétrie	noun	fra
beta	noun	oci	bette	noun	fra
Diaghilev	properNoun	oci	Diaghilev	properNoun	fra
sucombir	verb	oci	succomber	verb	fra
Hale	properNoun	oci	Hale	properNoun	fra
traça	noun	oci	trace	noun	fra
machugar	verb	oci	mâchouiller	verb	fra
Rauf	properNoun	oci	Rauf	properNoun	fra
avans que	subordinatingConjunction	oci	avant que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
Serna	properNoun	oci	Serna	properNoun	fra
passa	noun	oci	passe	noun	fra
Cornado	properNoun	oci	Cornado	properNoun	fra
Carmina	properNoun	oci	Carmina	properNoun	fra
arange	noun	oci	orange	noun	fra
satisfaccion	noun	oci	satisfaction	noun	fra
estrambòrd	noun	oci	engouement	noun	fra
alfabetizar	verb	oci	alphabétiser	verb	fra
Berrouard	properNoun	oci	Berrouard	properNoun	fra
Schinck	properNoun	oci	Schinck	properNoun	fra
Toulouse Lautrec	properNoun	oci	Toulouse Lautrec	properNoun	fra
Ontiveros	properNoun	oci	Ontiveros	properNoun	fra
totalament	adverb	oci	totalement	adverb	fra
Nauta Normandia	properNoun	oci	Haute-Normandie	properNoun	fra
aissèl	noun	oci	essieu	noun	fra
personalizacion	noun	oci	personnalisation	noun	fra
metòde	noun	oci	méthode	noun	fra
Arenós	properNoun	oci	Arenós	properNoun	fra
Casoliva	properNoun	oci	Casoliva	properNoun	fra
Barrientos	properNoun	oci	Barrientos	properNoun	fra
Pareras	properNoun	oci	Pareras	properNoun	fra
Rengifo	properNoun	oci	Rengifo	properNoun	fra
estatut	noun	oci	statut	noun	fra
gemiment	noun	oci	gémissement	noun	fra
Messier	properNoun	oci	Messier	properNoun	fra
prometedor	adjective	oci	prometteur	adjective	fra
Mike	properNoun	oci	Mike	properNoun	fra
militar	adjective	oci	militaire	adjective	fra
Jenkins	properNoun	oci	Jenkins	properNoun	fra
declaracion	noun	oci	déclaration	noun	fra
Faour	properNoun	oci	Faour	properNoun	fra
Cardillo	properNoun	oci	Cardillo	properNoun	fra
inondable	adjective	oci	inondable	adjective	fra
Colmenero	properNoun	oci	Colmenero	properNoun	fra
Dumitru	properNoun	oci	Dumitru	properNoun	fra
Borrull	properNoun	oci	Borrull	properNoun	fra
Pirenèus	properNoun	oci	Pyrénées	properNoun	fra
Conté	properNoun	oci	Conté	properNoun	fra
Hogarth	properNoun	oci	Hogarth	properNoun	fra
Du Bellay	properNoun	oci	Du Bellay	properNoun	fra
instint	noun	oci	instinct	noun	fra
Abad	properNoun	oci	Abad	properNoun	fra
audàcia	noun	oci	audace	noun	fra
estrech	noun	oci	détroit	noun	fra
Planck	properNoun	oci	Planck	properNoun	fra
articular	verb	oci	articuler	verb	fra
Liboiron	properNoun	oci	Liboiron	properNoun	fra
subervier	verb	oci	influer	verb	fra
Mina	properNoun	oci	Mina	properNoun	fra
Chatel	properNoun	oci	Chatel	properNoun	fra
von Willebrand	properNoun	oci	von Willebrand	properNoun	fra
ligar	verb	oci	lier	verb	fra
escauma	noun	oci	écaille	noun	fra
dissimilacion	noun	oci	dissimilation	noun	fra
pilar	noun	oci	pilier	noun	fra
gelada	noun	oci	gelée	noun	fra
Mendes	properNoun	oci	Mendes	properNoun	fra
elegia	noun	oci	élégie	noun	fra
Soutière	properNoun	oci	Soutière	properNoun	fra
ierarquizat	adjective	oci	hiérarchisé	adjective	fra
compilacion	noun	oci	compilation	noun	fra
monofiletic	adjective	oci	monophylétique	adjective	fra
destructor	adjective	oci	destructeur	adjective	fra
impressionisme	noun	oci	impressionnisme	noun	fra
emir	noun	oci	émir	noun	fra
empachar	verb	oci	entraver	verb	fra
divendres	noun	oci	vendredi	noun	fra
Swan	properNoun	oci	Swan	properNoun	fra
umiditat	noun	oci	humidité	noun	fra
Unicef	noun	oci	Unicef	noun	fra
reglable	adjective	oci	réglable	adjective	fra
flum	noun	oci	fleuve	noun	fra
Bracero	properNoun	oci	Bracero	properNoun	fra
Tirado	properNoun	oci	Tirado	properNoun	fra
Sayegh	properNoun	oci	Sayegh	properNoun	fra
Sally	properNoun	oci	Sally	properNoun	fra
Ferre	properNoun	oci	Ferre	properNoun	fra
esforçar	verb	oci	efforcer	verb	fra
planar	verb	oci	planer	verb	fra
braçada	noun	oci	embrassade	noun	fra
menor	noun	oci	mineur	noun	fra
abòrd	noun	oci	abord	noun	fra
matalàs	noun	oci	matelas	noun	fra
lengadocian	adjective	oci	languedocien	adjective	fra
David	properNoun	oci	David	properNoun	fra
insinuacion	noun	oci	insinuation	noun	fra
lateralitat	noun	oci	latéralité	noun	fra
flandrin	noun	oci	lambin	noun	fra
multiplicatiu	adjective	oci	multiplicatif	adjective	fra
alhocardir	verb	oci	affoler	verb	fra
10n	adjective	oci	10ème	adjective	fra
pavon	noun	oci	paon	noun	fra
Besoli	properNoun	oci	Besoli	properNoun	fra
adipós	adjective	oci	adipeux	adjective	fra
eritrèu	noun	oci	Érythréen	noun	fra
KIA	properNoun	oci	KIA	properNoun	fra
uèi	adverb	oci	aujourd'hui	adverb	fra
occitanista	adjective	oci	occitaniste	adjective	fra
sòrre	noun	oci	sœur	noun	fra
Mondéjar	properNoun	oci	Mondéjar	properNoun	fra
Lamartine	properNoun	oci	Lamartine	properNoun	fra
constatar	verb	oci	constater	verb	fra
Express	properNoun	oci	Express	properNoun	fra
cromatisme	noun	oci	chromatisme	noun	fra
abdicacion	noun	oci	abdication	noun	fra
selectivament	adverb	oci	sélectivement	adverb	fra
elegible	adjective	oci	éligible	adjective	fra
soscripcion	noun	oci	souscription	noun	fra
Climent	properNoun	oci	Climent	properNoun	fra
restabliment	noun	oci	rétablissement	noun	fra
Aldeguer	properNoun	oci	Aldeguer	properNoun	fra
saunar	verb	oci	saigner	verb	fra
Caduret	properNoun	oci	Caduret	properNoun	fra
revelh	noun	oci	réveil	noun	fra
rausa	noun	oci	roseau	noun	fra
Tolon	properNoun	oci	Toulon	properNoun	fra
estacament	noun	oci	attachement	noun	fra
empeutar	verb	oci	greffer	verb	fra
Terrazzino	properNoun	oci	Terrazzino	properNoun	fra
Flanders	properNoun	oci	Flanders	properNoun	fra
Laden	properNoun	oci	Laden	properNoun	fra
Mejías	properNoun	oci	Mejías	properNoun	fra
Lepore	properNoun	oci	Lepore	properNoun	fra
Sohier	properNoun	oci	Sohier	properNoun	fra
entralhas	noun	oci	entrailles	noun	fra
circoncision	noun	oci	circoncision	noun	fra
pasteurizar	verb	oci	pasteuriser	verb	fra
vèrge	noun	oci	vierge	noun	fra
bontat	noun	oci	bonté	noun	fra
tensor	noun	oci	tenseur	noun	fra
predisposicion	noun	oci	prédisposition	noun	fra
Manna	properNoun	oci	Manna	properNoun	fra
repetir	verb	oci	répéter	verb	fra
bibliotecari	noun	oci	bibliothécaire	noun	fra
verdolejant	adjective	oci	verdoyant	adjective	fra
Rodenas	properNoun	oci	Rodenas	properNoun	fra
ensemble	noun	oci	ensemble	noun	fra
Atencia	properNoun	oci	Atencia	properNoun	fra
forçadament	adverb	oci	forcément	adverb	fra
transgression	noun	oci	transgression	noun	fra
emperador	noun	oci	empereur	noun	fra
Cantin	properNoun	oci	Cantin	properNoun	fra
portuari	adjective	oci	portuaire	adjective	fra
Ruelland	properNoun	oci	Ruelland	properNoun	fra
Capuano	properNoun	oci	Capuano	properNoun	fra
lèpra	noun	oci	lèpre	noun	fra
afars estrangièrs	noun	oci	affaires étrangères	noun	fra
inicializar	verb	oci	initialiser	verb	fra
èrba	noun	oci	herbe	noun	fra
tenacitat	noun	oci	ténacité	noun	fra
Areste	properNoun	oci	Areste	properNoun	fra
Santina	properNoun	oci	Santina	properNoun	fra
Julie	properNoun	oci	Julie	properNoun	fra
redescobrir	verb	oci	redécouvrir	verb	fra
Torra	properNoun	oci	Torra	properNoun	fra
Parron	properNoun	oci	Parron	properNoun	fra
Moyá	properNoun	oci	Moyá	properNoun	fra
Torrent	properNoun	oci	Torrent	properNoun	fra
cenobitic	adjective	oci	cénobitique	adjective	fra
Craxi	properNoun	oci	Craxi	properNoun	fra
ièr delà	adverb	oci	avant-hier	adverb	fra
financèr	adjective	oci	financier	adjective	fra
rencontrar	verb	oci	rencontrer	verb	fra
milanés	noun	oci	Milanais	noun	fra
tuaire	noun	oci	tueur	noun	fra
Lacueva	properNoun	oci	Lacueva	properNoun	fra
anar	noun	oci	aller	noun	fra
subdividir	verb	oci	subdiviser	verb	fra
Munera	properNoun	oci	Munera	properNoun	fra
Aranzadi	properNoun	oci	Aranzadi	properNoun	fra
Trenado	properNoun	oci	Trenado	properNoun	fra
motivar	verb	oci	motiver	verb	fra
mercejar	verb	oci	remercier	verb	fra
Cusimano	properNoun	oci	Cusimano	properNoun	fra
Gamiz	properNoun	oci	Gamiz	properNoun	fra
musculacion	noun	oci	musculation	noun	fra
mediatic	adjective	oci	médiatique	adjective	fra
Davos	properNoun	oci	Davos	properNoun	fra
Truong	properNoun	oci	Truong	properNoun	fra
Downes	properNoun	oci	Downes	properNoun	fra
remodelar	verb	oci	remodeler	verb	fra
Coblença	properNoun	oci	Coblence	properNoun	fra
lunason	noun	oci	lunaison	noun	fra
recambi	noun	oci	rechange	noun	fra
elongacion	noun	oci	élongation	noun	fra
Ellyson	properNoun	oci	Ellyson	properNoun	fra
vast	adjective	oci	vaste	adjective	fra
drac	noun	oci	diable	noun	fra
Miranda	properNoun	oci	Miranda	properNoun	fra
manifestar	verb	oci	manifester	verb	fra
intèrne	noun	oci	interne	noun	fra
presèpi	noun	oci	crèche	noun	fra
Masseau	properNoun	oci	Masseau	properNoun	fra
invencion	noun	oci	invention	noun	fra
conselh	noun	oci	conseil	noun	fra
al Zawahiri	properNoun	oci	al Zawahiri	properNoun	fra
Durin	properNoun	oci	Durin	properNoun	fra
Llop	properNoun	oci	Llop	properNoun	fra
retrachista	noun	oci	portraitiste	noun	fra
Barreiro	properNoun	oci	Barreiro	properNoun	fra
Gouge	properNoun	oci	Gouge	properNoun	fra
bòla	noun	oci	boule	noun	fra
Vaudreuil	properNoun	oci	Vaudreuil	properNoun	fra
Molloy	properNoun	oci	Molloy	properNoun	fra
antisemitic	adjective	oci	antisémitique	adjective	fra
enconhar	verb	oci	cacher	verb	fra
califa	noun	oci	calife	noun	fra
fraita de	preposition	oci	faute de	preposition	fra
fenda	noun	oci	crevasse	noun	fra
agricultor	noun	oci	agriculteur	noun	fra
barbacana	noun	oci	barbacane	noun	fra
Higgins	properNoun	oci	Higgins	properNoun	fra
devesit	adjective	oci	divisé	adjective	fra
Jose	properNoun	oci	Jose	properNoun	fra
sorrire	verb	oci	sourire	verb	fra
Haven	properNoun	oci	Haven	properNoun	fra
Perona	properNoun	oci	Perona	properNoun	fra
Diorio	properNoun	oci	Diorio	properNoun	fra
Laudani	properNoun	oci	Laudani	properNoun	fra
Abitbol	properNoun	oci	Abitbol	properNoun	fra
Silver	properNoun	oci	Silver	properNoun	fra
trenta sièis	numeral	oci	trente-six	numeral	fra
monard	noun	oci	singe	noun	fra
Juliette	properNoun	oci	Juliette	properNoun	fra
illa	noun	oci	île	noun	fra
Puglisi	properNoun	oci	Puglisi	properNoun	fra
seissanta dos	numeral	oci	soixante-deux	numeral	fra
congelacion	noun	oci	congélation	noun	fra
vaticinacion	noun	oci	vaticination	noun	fra
argumentatiu	adjective	oci	argumentatif	adjective	fra
indigenisme	noun	oci	indigénisme	noun	fra
Ottereyes	properNoun	oci	Ottereyes	properNoun	fra
coleoptèr	noun	oci	coléoptère	noun	fra
Baudot	properNoun	oci	Baudot	properNoun	fra
reinstauracion	noun	oci	réinstauration	noun	fra
Velliscig	properNoun	oci	Velliscig	properNoun	fra
qué que ne siá	adverb	oci	quoi qu'il en soit	adverb	fra
legidor	noun	oci	lecteur	noun	fra
Hardy	properNoun	oci	Hardy	properNoun	fra
otramar	noun	oci	outre-mer	noun	fra
conquistar	verb	oci	conquérir	verb	fra
andalós	adjective	oci	andalou	adjective	fra
entonacion	noun	oci	intonation	noun	fra
bèc	noun	oci	bec	noun	fra
13n	adjective	oci	13ème	adjective	fra
amplificador	noun	oci	amplificateur	noun	fra
Ouimet	properNoun	oci	Ouimet	properNoun	fra
sabotatge	noun	oci	sabotage	noun	fra
Berenguel	properNoun	oci	Berenguel	properNoun	fra
motorizar	verb	oci	motoriser	verb	fra
tonelariá	noun	oci	tonnellerie	noun	fra
Nancy	properNoun	oci	Nancy	properNoun	fra
Craig	properNoun	oci	Craig	properNoun	fra
insensible	adjective	oci	insensible	adjective	fra
divèrs	adjective	oci	divers	adjective	fra
Bejar	properNoun	oci	Bejar	properNoun	fra
Huidobro	properNoun	oci	Huidobro	properNoun	fra
valentiá	noun	oci	exploit	noun	fra
recriminacion	noun	oci	récrimination	noun	fra
ath madeish temps	adverb	oci	à la fois	adverb	fra
Champanha	properNoun	oci	Champagne	properNoun	fra
Polisena	properNoun	oci	Polisena	properNoun	fra
Savater	properNoun	oci	Savater	properNoun	fra
Harald	properNoun	oci	Harald	properNoun	fra
biologisme	noun	oci	biologisme	noun	fra
Lacasse	properNoun	oci	Lacasse	properNoun	fra
Mercè	properNoun	oci	Mercè	properNoun	fra
Graells	properNoun	oci	Graells	properNoun	fra
flotar	verb	oci	flotter	verb	fra
autodidacta	noun	oci	autodidacte	noun	fra
Stanislas	properNoun	oci	Stanislas	properNoun	fra
dotacion	noun	oci	dotation	noun	fra
atonia	noun	oci	atonie	noun	fra
cèc	adjective	oci	aveugle	adjective	fra
Danés	properNoun	oci	Danés	properNoun	fra
roergat	noun	oci	rouergat	noun	fra
al ras de	preposition	oci	au ras de	preposition	fra
Baran	properNoun	oci	Baran	properNoun	fra
De la Rua	properNoun	oci	De la Rua	properNoun	fra
Deer	properNoun	oci	Deer	properNoun	fra
Pedragosa	properNoun	oci	Pedragosa	properNoun	fra
McLellan	properNoun	oci	McLellan	properNoun	fra
sosensems	noun	oci	sous-ensemble	noun	fra
amplificator	adjective	oci	amplificateur	adjective	fra
Gallardón	properNoun	oci	Gallardón	properNoun	fra
Giuliano	properNoun	oci	Giuliano	properNoun	fra
McNab	properNoun	oci	McNab	properNoun	fra
feconditat	noun	oci	fécondité	noun	fra
pera	noun	oci	poire	noun	fra
Jaime	properNoun	oci	Jaime	properNoun	fra
Minnesòta	properNoun	oci	Minnesota	properNoun	fra
idratacion	noun	oci	hydratation	noun	fra
Mira	properNoun	oci	Mira	properNoun	fra
sustot	adverb	oci	surtout	adverb	fra
impertinent	noun	oci	impertinent	noun	fra
Alameda	properNoun	oci	Alameda	properNoun	fra
uèch	numeral	oci	huit	numeral	fra
perceptor	noun	oci	percepteur	noun	fra
incisiu	adjective	oci	incisif	adjective	fra
suportaire	noun	oci	supporteur	noun	fra
suportaire	noun	oci	supporter	noun	fra
hestivau	noun	oci	festival	noun	fra
Dios	properNoun	oci	Dios	properNoun	fra
Yao	properNoun	oci	Yao	properNoun	fra
Porté	properNoun	oci	Porté	properNoun	fra
burlesque	adjective	oci	burlesque	adjective	fra
parricida	noun	oci	parricide	noun	fra
archivar	verb	oci	archiver	verb	fra
plèba	noun	oci	plèbe	noun	fra
barbariá	noun	oci	barbarie	noun	fra
Thomas	properNoun	oci	Thomas	properNoun	fra
desmontable	adjective	oci	démontable	adjective	fra
Amireault	properNoun	oci	Amireault	properNoun	fra
Orion	properNoun	oci	Orion	properNoun	fra
Cabedo	properNoun	oci	Cabedo	properNoun	fra
Troyano	properNoun	oci	Troyano	properNoun	fra
Mireia	properNoun	oci	Mireia	properNoun	fra
Montana	properNoun	oci	Montana	properNoun	fra
Permanyer	properNoun	oci	Permanyer	properNoun	fra
aparicion	noun	oci	apparition	noun	fra
repertòri	noun	oci	répertoire	noun	fra
foissenc	noun	oci	fuxéen	noun	fra
realizable	adjective	oci	réalisable	adjective	fra
allusion	noun	oci	allusion	noun	fra
professionalizar	verb	oci	professionnaliser	verb	fra
Arnedo	properNoun	oci	Arnedo	properNoun	fra
Bobby	properNoun	oci	Bobby	properNoun	fra
Gougeon	properNoun	oci	Gougeon	properNoun	fra
fenologia	noun	oci	phénologie	noun	fra
copiar	verb	oci	recopier	verb	fra
copiar	verb	oci	copier	verb	fra
maòri	adjective	oci	maori	adjective	fra
galina	noun	oci	poule	noun	fra
infidèl	adjective	oci	infidèle	adjective	fra
europèu	adjective	oci	européen	adjective	fra
Schliemann	properNoun	oci	Schliemann	properNoun	fra
necessari	noun	oci	nécessaire	noun	fra
manament	noun	oci	mandat	noun	fra
subjectiu	adjective	oci	subjectif	adjective	fra
desorganizar	verb	oci	désorganiser	verb	fra
Kessler	properNoun	oci	Kessler	properNoun	fra
carrèla	noun	oci	poulie	noun	fra
ametlièr	noun	oci	amandier	noun	fra
sacietat	noun	oci	satiété	noun	fra
çai jonch	adverb	oci	ci-joint	adverb	fra
pedalatge	noun	oci	pédalage	noun	fra
individualizacion	noun	oci	individualisation	noun	fra
bestialitat	noun	oci	bestialité	noun	fra
filosofia	noun	oci	philosophie	noun	fra
esfèra	noun	oci	sphère	noun	fra
sud	noun	oci	sud	noun	fra
conservar	verb	oci	conserver	verb	fra
rit	noun	oci	canard	noun	fra
Bigras	properNoun	oci	Bigras	properNoun	fra
dirigisme	noun	oci	dirigisme	noun	fra
recuperable	adjective	oci	récupérable	adjective	fra
après	preposition	oci	après	preposition	fra
giqueta	noun	oci	jaquette	noun	fra
Alexis	properNoun	oci	Alexis	properNoun	fra
Rios	properNoun	oci	Rios	properNoun	fra
Geffner	properNoun	oci	Geffner	properNoun	fra
Otis	properNoun	oci	Otis	properNoun	fra
ensenhament	noun	oci	enseignement	noun	fra
Almeida	properNoun	oci	Almeida	properNoun	fra
vagar	verb	oci	vaguer	verb	fra
Placide	properNoun	oci	Placide	properNoun	fra
Elvis	properNoun	oci	Elvis	properNoun	fra
res	pronoun	oci	rien	pronoun	fra
suposar	verb	oci	supposer	verb	fra
desgasar	verb	oci	dégazer	verb	fra
Rodes	properNoun	oci	Rodes	properNoun	fra
Siegel	properNoun	oci	Siegel	properNoun	fra
culte	noun	oci	culte	noun	fra
Desève	properNoun	oci	Desève	properNoun	fra
trionfant	adjective	oci	triomphant	adjective	fra
Ulldemolins	properNoun	oci	Ulldemolins	properNoun	fra
Cárdenas	properNoun	oci	Cárdenas	properNoun	fra
Dallas	properNoun	oci	Dallas	properNoun	fra
Fumanal	properNoun	oci	Fumanal	properNoun	fra
Glazer	properNoun	oci	Glazer	properNoun	fra
Badal	properNoun	oci	Badal	properNoun	fra
Ponton	properNoun	oci	Ponton	properNoun	fra
importator	adjective	oci	importateur	adjective	fra
vaporizar	verb	oci	vaporiser	verb	fra
bioquimic	adjective	oci	biochimique	adjective	fra
Civit	properNoun	oci	Civit	properNoun	fra
immesurable	adjective	oci	immesurable	adjective	fra
Desgagné	properNoun	oci	Desgagné	properNoun	fra
tranuja	noun	oci	chiendent	noun	fra
Ossetia dau Sud	properNoun	oci	Ossétie du Sud	properNoun	fra
Jinping	properNoun	oci	Jinping	properNoun	fra
Parareda	properNoun	oci	Parareda	properNoun	fra
Canigó	properNoun	oci	Canigou	properNoun	fra
Arambarri	properNoun	oci	Arambarri	properNoun	fra
Dewar	properNoun	oci	Dewar	properNoun	fra
Avinhon	properNoun	oci	Avignon	properNoun	fra
idolar	verb	oci	hurler	verb	fra
desirós	adjective	oci	désireux	adjective	fra
Carriero	properNoun	oci	Carriero	properNoun	fra
Plourde	properNoun	oci	Plourde	properNoun	fra
contracte	noun	oci	contrat	noun	fra
canavèra	noun	oci	roseau	noun	fra
Serrans	properNoun	oci	Serrans	properNoun	fra
Rundgren	properNoun	oci	Rundgren	properNoun	fra
Borrallo	properNoun	oci	Borrallo	properNoun	fra
Ianoukovitch	properNoun	oci	Ianoukovitch	properNoun	fra
Burgio	properNoun	oci	Burgio	properNoun	fra
osteologia	noun	oci	ostéologie	noun	fra
ceramica	noun	oci	céramique	noun	fra
Morros	properNoun	oci	Morros	properNoun	fra
Tobajas	properNoun	oci	Tobajas	properNoun	fra
Parrot	properNoun	oci	Parrot	properNoun	fra
brocadura	noun	oci	brochure	noun	fra
fresc	adverb	oci	frais	adverb	fra
Violet-le-Duc	properNoun	oci	Violet-le-Duc	properNoun	fra
assassin	noun	oci	assassin	noun	fra
carbon de tèrra	noun	oci	houille	noun	fra
malian	adjective	oci	malien	adjective	fra
persuasion	noun	oci	persuasion	noun	fra
espectator	noun	oci	spectateur	noun	fra
Lemus	properNoun	oci	Lemus	properNoun	fra
orgasmic	adjective	oci	orgasmique	adjective	fra
Petawabano	properNoun	oci	Petawabano	properNoun	fra
inspeccion	noun	oci	inspection	noun	fra
Anwar	properNoun	oci	Anwar	properNoun	fra
Harvard	properNoun	oci	Harvard	properNoun	fra
Pulgarín	properNoun	oci	Pulgarín	properNoun	fra
Cabero	properNoun	oci	Cabero	properNoun	fra
estirament	noun	oci	étirement	noun	fra
Boada	properNoun	oci	Boada	properNoun	fra
altèrne	adjective	oci	alterne	adjective	fra
solidament	adverb	oci	solidement	adverb	fra
Herencia	properNoun	oci	Herencia	properNoun	fra
atic	adjective	oci	attique	adjective	fra
democràcia	noun	oci	démocratie	noun	fra
Rondón	properNoun	oci	Rondón	properNoun	fra
aurinhacian	adjective	oci	aurignacien	adjective	fra
diastòla	noun	oci	diastole	noun	fra
Raven	properNoun	oci	Raven	properNoun	fra
caucasenc	adjective	oci	caucasien	adjective	fra
Handel	properNoun	oci	Handel	properNoun	fra
breçòla	noun	oci	berceau	noun	fra
nautres	pronoun	oci	nous	pronoun	fra
compensacion	noun	oci	compensation	noun	fra
Espert	properNoun	oci	Espert	properNoun	fra
fóter	verb	oci	foutre	verb	fra
Guénard	properNoun	oci	Guénard	properNoun	fra
concèpte	noun	oci	concept	noun	fra
Paolo	properNoun	oci	Paolo	properNoun	fra
Lehrer	properNoun	oci	Lehrer	properNoun	fra
fotografiar	verb	oci	photographier	verb	fra
Folguerà	properNoun	oci	Folguerà	properNoun	fra
borrelet	noun	oci	vertugadin	noun	fra
insurgéncia	noun	oci	insurrection	noun	fra
Yunus	properNoun	oci	Yunus	properNoun	fra
Falcó	properNoun	oci	Falcó	properNoun	fra
Chamard	properNoun	oci	Chamard	properNoun	fra
Rojo	properNoun	oci	Rojo	properNoun	fra
peresa	noun	oci	paresse	noun	fra
motèl	noun	oci	motel	noun	fra
Manero	properNoun	oci	Manero	properNoun	fra
Zabala	properNoun	oci	Zabala	properNoun	fra
contestable	adjective	oci	contestable	adjective	fra
interessant	adjective	oci	intéressant	adjective	fra
Castellana	properNoun	oci	Castellana	properNoun	fra
joensa	noun	oci	jeunesse	noun	fra
perorason	noun	oci	péroraison	noun	fra
sartre	noun	oci	tailleur	noun	fra
dificil	adjective	oci	difficile	adjective	fra
Windows 98	properNoun	oci	Windows 98	properNoun	fra
Lo Mans	properNoun	oci	Le Mans	properNoun	fra
simplament	adverb	oci	simplement	adverb	fra
indecís	adjective	oci	indécis	adjective	fra
Azkarate	properNoun	oci	Azkarate	properNoun	fra
ramificacion	noun	oci	ramification	noun	fra
Baeta	properNoun	oci	Baeta	properNoun	fra
dormitòri	noun	oci	dortoir	noun	fra
Xuclá	properNoun	oci	Xuclá	properNoun	fra
mostèla	noun	oci	belette	noun	fra
Chao	properNoun	oci	Chao	properNoun	fra
escumenjar	verb	oci	excommunier	verb	fra
Lira	properNoun	oci	Lira	properNoun	fra
colpa	noun	oci	faute	noun	fra
ordenator	adjective	oci	ordinateur	adjective	fra
Vandelac	properNoun	oci	Vandelac	properNoun	fra
suspréner	verb	oci	surprendre	verb	fra
encastrar	verb	oci	encastrer	verb	fra
Magalie	properNoun	oci	Magalie	properNoun	fra
borrèu	noun	oci	bourreau	noun	fra
anonimat	noun	oci	anonymat	noun	fra
paronomasia	noun	oci	paronomase	noun	fra
acajó	noun	oci	acajou	noun	fra
Menasanch	properNoun	oci	Menasanch	properNoun	fra
benvolent	adjective	oci	bienveillant	adjective	fra
Abebe	properNoun	oci	Abebe	properNoun	fra
acceleratiu	adjective	oci	accélératif	adjective	fra
Sabonis	properNoun	oci	Sabonis	properNoun	fra
obstinacion	noun	oci	obstination	noun	fra
autarquic	adjective	oci	autarcique	adjective	fra
respirar	verb	oci	respirer	verb	fra
Gavernera	properNoun	oci	Gavernera	properNoun	fra
Ballesteros	properNoun	oci	Ballesteros	properNoun	fra
Porcar	properNoun	oci	Porcar	properNoun	fra
Sanguino	properNoun	oci	Sanguino	properNoun	fra
d'ua auta faiçon	adverb	oci	d'autre part	adverb	fra
intimidacion	noun	oci	intimidation	noun	fra
Chamorra	properNoun	oci	Chamorra	properNoun	fra
tal coma	subordinatingConjunction	oci	tel que	subordinatingConjunction	fra
deute	noun	oci	dette	noun	fra
ebdomadari	noun	oci	hebdomadaire	noun	fra
seguent	adjective	oci	suivant	adjective	fra
mazot	noun	oci	mazout	noun	fra
feblesa	noun	oci	faiblesse	noun	fra
Sanscartier	properNoun	oci	Sanscartier	properNoun	fra
Godfrey	properNoun	oci	Godfrey	properNoun	fra
RPR	noun	oci	RPR	noun	fra
Savannah	properNoun	oci	Savannah	properNoun	fra
pancosièr	noun	oci	boulanger	noun	fra
Lowen	properNoun	oci	Lowen	properNoun	fra
Weitz	properNoun	oci	Weitz	properNoun	fra
despressurizacion	noun	oci	dépressurisation	noun	fra
meandre	noun	oci	méandre	noun	fra
luènh	adverb	oci	loin	adverb	fra
Cadieux	properNoun	oci	Cadieux	properNoun	fra
per escasença	adverb	oci	par hasard	adverb	fra
alcali	noun	oci	alcali	noun	fra
petrificar	verb	oci	pétrifier	verb	fra
Pujante	properNoun	oci	Pujante	properNoun	fra
Alejo	properNoun	oci	Alejo	properNoun	fra
Ismael	properNoun	oci	Ismael	properNoun	fra
temptar	verb	oci	tenter	verb	fra
generalizar	verb	oci	généraliser	verb	fra
israelian	noun	oci	Israélien	noun	fra
dièta	noun	oci	diète	noun	fra
Compaño	properNoun	oci	Compaño	properNoun	fra
dòl	noun	oci	deuil	noun	fra
receptacle	noun	oci	réceptacle	noun	fra
Difrancesco	properNoun	oci	Difrancesco	properNoun	fra
Elway	properNoun	oci	Elway	properNoun	fra
Torvalds	properNoun	oci	Torvalds	properNoun	fra
SMIC	noun	oci	SMIC	noun	fra
esmogut	adjective	oci	ému	adjective	fra
maça	noun	oci	masse	noun	fra
Cummings	properNoun	oci	Cummings	properNoun	fra
Tèrra d'Adelia	properNoun	oci	Terre-Adélie	properNoun	fra
entrepan	noun	oci	sandwich	noun	fra
Habermas	properNoun	oci	Habermas	properNoun	fra
von Stadion	properNoun	oci	von Stadion	properNoun	fra
musician	adjective	oci	musicien	adjective	fra
mixèr	noun	oci	mixer	noun	fra
Veilleux	properNoun	oci	Veilleux	properNoun	fra
Urweider	properNoun	oci	Urweider	properNoun	fra
Cots	properNoun	oci	Cots	properNoun	fra
sojorn	noun	oci	séjour	noun	fra
Loubert	properNoun	oci	Loubert	properNoun	fra
improvisar	verb	oci	improviser	verb	fra
genitiu	noun	oci	génitif	noun	fra
Quilis	properNoun	oci	Quilis	properNoun	fra
unir	verb	oci	unir	verb	fra
fageda	noun	oci	hêtraie	noun	fra
un pauc aprèp	preposition	oci	un peu après	preposition	fra
Grau	properNoun	oci	Grau	properNoun	fra
Rehman	properNoun	oci	Rehman	properNoun	fra
constatacion	noun	oci	constatation	noun	fra
disciplina	noun	oci	discipline	noun	fra
Rocío	properNoun	oci	Rocío	properNoun	fra
modularitat	noun	oci	modularité	noun	fra
Riga	properNoun	oci	Riga	properNoun	fra
Sicre	properNoun	oci	Sicre	properNoun	fra
Tapie	properNoun	oci	Tapie	properNoun	fra
Munguía	properNoun	oci	Munguía	properNoun	fra
Doan	properNoun	oci	Doan	properNoun	fra
von Reuter	properNoun	oci	von Reuter	properNoun	fra
Peracaula	properNoun	oci	Peracaula	properNoun	fra
dissidéncia	noun	oci	dissidence	noun	fra
Senante	properNoun	oci	Senante	properNoun	fra
Yepes	properNoun	oci	Yepes	properNoun	fra
entendre	verb	oci	entendre	verb	fra
dependéncia	noun	oci	dépendance	noun	fra
peronista	noun	oci	péroniste	noun	fra
rason	noun	oci	raison	noun	fra
Llopico	properNoun	oci	Llopico	properNoun	fra
accepcion	noun	oci	acception	noun	fra
Fuster	properNoun	oci	Fuster	properNoun	fra
geològ	noun	oci	géologue	noun	fra
Salellas	properNoun	oci	Salellas	properNoun	fra
carstic	adjective	oci	karstique	adjective	fra
Daponte	properNoun	oci	Daponte	properNoun	fra
Revuelta	properNoun	oci	Revuelta	properNoun	fra
anglosaxon	noun	oci	Anglo-Saxon	noun	fra
Marilyn	properNoun	oci	Marilyn	properNoun	fra
Arrhenius	properNoun	oci	Arrhenius	properNoun	fra
arrèst	noun	oci	arrêt	noun	fra
patronat	noun	oci	patronat	noun	fra
fèrm	adjective	oci	ferme	adjective	fra
tanta	noun	oci	tante	noun	fra
Aparici	properNoun	oci	Aparici	properNoun	fra
Schivardi	properNoun	oci	Schivardi	properNoun	fra
rafinariá	noun	oci	raffinerie	noun	fra
sobte	adjective	oci	soudain	adjective	fra
59n	adjective	oci	59ème	adjective	fra
manuscrit	adjective	oci	manuscrit	adjective	fra
Aldunin	properNoun	oci	Aldunin	properNoun	fra
espenjolar	verb	oci	pendre	verb	fra
limitròf	adjective	oci	limitrophe	adjective	fra
Rigas	properNoun	oci	Rigas	properNoun	fra
vacances	noun	oci	vacances	noun	fra
garison	noun	oci	guérison	noun	fra
Cañaveras	properNoun	oci	Cañaveras	properNoun	fra
libian	noun	oci	Libyen	noun	fra
cangoró	noun	oci	kangourou	noun	fra
intendéncia	noun	oci	intendance	noun	fra
Petel	properNoun	oci	Petel	properNoun	fra
algebric	adjective	oci	algébrique	adjective	fra
Huete	properNoun	oci	Huete	properNoun	fra
Patricio	properNoun	oci	Patricio	properNoun	fra
Cap Verd	properNoun	oci	Cap-Vert	properNoun	fra
comparatista	adjective	oci	comparatiste	adjective	fra
Chapduelh	properNoun	oci	Chapduelh	properNoun	fra
vocalisme	noun	oci	vocalisme	noun	fra
Aubanell	properNoun	oci	Aubanell	properNoun	fra
antimatèria	noun	oci	antimatière	noun	fra
Baptiste	properNoun	oci	Baptiste	properNoun	fra
imperfièit	adjective	oci	imparfait	adjective	fra
Corsega	properNoun	oci	Corse	properNoun	fra
charleston	noun	oci	charleston	noun	fra
tomisme	noun	oci	thomisme	noun	fra
sillaba	noun	oci	syllabe	noun	fra
recipròcament	adverb	oci	réciproquement	adverb	fra
Busby	properNoun	oci	Busby	properNoun	fra
règim	noun	oci	régime	noun	fra
Jandin	properNoun	oci	Jandin	properNoun	fra
parapet	noun	oci	parapet	noun	fra
sedatiu	noun	oci	sédatif	noun	fra
rendiment	noun	oci	rendement	noun	fra
nuançar	verb	oci	nuancer	verb	fra
lòbe	noun	oci	lobe	noun	fra
aconselhar	verb	oci	conseiller	verb	fra
omoplat	noun	oci	omoplate	noun	fra
Europa Press	properNoun	oci	Europa Press	properNoun	fra
velièr	noun	oci	voilier	noun	fra
Avelino	properNoun	oci	Avelino	properNoun	fra
Billette	properNoun	oci	Billette	properNoun	fra
Munteanu	properNoun	oci	Munteanu	properNoun	fra
Catasús	properNoun	oci	Catasús	properNoun	fra
sosterrar	verb	oci	enfouir	verb	fra
exploracion	noun	oci	exploration	noun	fra
rupicabra	noun	oci	chamois	noun	fra
capsula	noun	oci	capsule	noun	fra
mauritan	noun	oci	Mauritanien	noun	fra
prolactina	noun	oci	prolactine	noun	fra
Lorenz	properNoun	oci	Lorenz	properNoun	fra
artistic	adjective	oci	artistique	adjective	fra
d'autra banda	adverb	oci	d'autre part	adverb	fra
dur	adjective	oci	dur	adjective	fra
imenoptèr	adjective	oci	hyménoptère	adjective	fra
rebatejar	verb	oci	rebaptiser	verb	fra
assentir	verb	oci	acquiescer	verb	fra
Chamberí	properNoun	oci	Chambéry	properNoun	fra
domiciliacion	noun	oci	domiciliation	noun	fra
remembre	noun	oci	souvenir	noun	fra
Gouton	properNoun	oci	Gouton	properNoun	fra
inseguretat	noun	oci	insécurité	noun	fra
Lepe	properNoun	oci	Lepe	properNoun	fra
formador	noun	oci	formateur	noun	fra
GNU	properNoun	oci	GNU	properNoun	fra
Aldunza	properNoun	oci	Aldunza	properNoun	fra
conhat	noun	oci	beau-frère	noun	fra
camion	noun	oci	camion	noun	fra
sufix	noun	oci	suffixe	noun	fra
petrolièr	noun	oci	pétrolier	noun	fra
Povedano	properNoun	oci	Povedano	properNoun	fra
esponsòr	noun	oci	sponsor	noun	fra
Chasles	properNoun	oci	Chasles	properNoun	fra
intègre	adjective	oci	intègre	adjective	fra
muscular	adjective	oci	musculaire	adjective	fra
aòrta	noun	oci	aorte	noun	fra
bombardar	verb	oci	bombarder	verb	fra
bordadura	noun	oci	bordure	noun	fra
Manca	properNoun	oci	Manca	properNoun	fra
exorcisar	verb	oci	exorciser	verb	fra
periòde	noun	oci	période	noun	fra
manténer	verb	oci	maintenir	verb	fra
Corzo	properNoun	oci	Corzo	properNoun	fra
Canto	properNoun	oci	Canto	properNoun	fra
vimotièr	noun	oci	oseraie	noun	fra
Ravary	properNoun	oci	Ravary	properNoun	fra
Asensi	properNoun	oci	Asensi	properNoun	fra
